ead othrarlheat
o Ulree's WiM of Cardul o
is awlted, make it the bestremedy
. D.mI West Plains, Mo.
"i a bee nsumeingfrom change of
it took the form. of dropsy. The
told my husband it was useless to
gSed u ,for me any more. About that
°" = Seot Dr. Mociree's book on the tat
ItreOmade diseases and decided to try
hee Wp.of Cuarui Treatment. After us
log ninebottles, I am well."
HAD lounanoD IT OuT.-Teacher--"For
S:rwhat  Ise purpose was the goose created
'-; with a web foot?" Dick Ricks--Soze he
could stand on one leg."-Puck.
Tea Doem's ave to Ewear os
says the St. Louis Journal of Auriculture in
an editorial about No-To-Bac, the famous
S tobacco habit cure. "We know of many
eates cured by No-To-Bac, one, a prominent
Lt. Louis architect, smoked and chewed for
S twenty years two boxes cured him so that
even the me of tobacco makes him sick."
No-Te-Ba sold and guaranteed by Dru
S< mis everywhere. No cure no pay. moo
Sterling Remedy Co., New York or
. Pon was SBUrarNM.-"Where are you go- 1
lug this summer?" He (hard up)--"No
place." She-"Ahl" Hoe-"Yes no place
llke home, youknow."-Detroit l ree Press.
rFN All Unstrung.
Is the remark of many a nervous individ
aal. He or she will soon cease to talk that
way after beginning and persisting in a
course of Hostetter's Stomach Bitters.
Nothing like it to renew strength and ap
petite and good digestion. It checksthe in
roads of malaria, and remedies liver com
plaint, constipation, dyspepsia, rheumatism
and kidney disorder. It is in every sense a I
great household remedy.
SBsnlrr's advice to amerchant-Don't ad
vertise, and I'll do the rest.-Christian Ad
vocate. _
To Cleanse the System s
Effectually, yet gently. when costive or bil- 1
ious or when the blood is impure or slug
gish, to permanently cure habitual consti
pation, to awaken the kidneys and liver to a
healthy activity without irritating or weak- t
ening them, to dispel headaches, colds or fe
vers, use Syrup of Fig.s.
TROUnLES spring from idleness, and i
gievous toils flon needless ease.-Frank
WnHEN a person needs a remedy he wants
areliable one, and for dysentery and sum
mer complaints generally Duncan's Blaclk
berry Elixir stands deservedly high. The
proprietors have many testimonials of the
strongest character. It is a good thing to
have in the house, and is sold by all wide- I
awake druggists. 1:
THE eternal stars shine out as soon as it is
dark enough.-Cariylc. u
flil's Catarrh Cure 
Is a Constitutional Cure. Price 75c.
, If You are Tired
All the time, without slpecial exertion, as t
tired in the morning as when you retire at a
night, you may depend upon it, your blood b
is impure and is lacking in vitality. That is ,
why it does not supply strength to nerves n
and muscles. You need
Hood's Sarsaparilla t
To purify and enrich your blood. A few d
bottles of this great medicine will give h
you strength and vitality because it will
Inake pure blood. Get Hood's. n
Hod'sPills cu're habitualll constipa- ii
ionood' . Price 25 cents
Ei'LOOK FOR THIS
g
LOCK
-IT IS ON
BEST SCHOOL SHOE Ma
FO1
t1
- r
a SCHOOL n?
5 to 7-$1.25 .: 11 to 13- 1.75 w
8 to 10%- .50 i to 4 - 2.00 se
IF YOU OAN'T GET THEM FROM YOUR
DEALER WRITE TO
HAMILTON-BROWN SHOE CO., ,
The Oreatest Medical Discovery "i
of the Age.
KENNEDY'S
MEDICAL DISCOVERY. ,
DONALD KENNEDY, of ROXBURY, MASS., I,
Has discoveredi in one of our common ch
asture wseds a remedy that cures every ,
ind of H-umor, from the worst Scrofula
dowt. to a common Pimple. in
lie has tried it in over eleven hundred "
cases, and never failed except in t\wo cases tri
(boththunder humor.) Hehasnowin his
possession over two hundred certificates be
of its value, all within twenty miles of kn
Boston. Send postal card for book. st
A benefit is always experienced from the of
first bottle, and a perfect cureiswarranted gli
when thie right quantity is taken. im
When the lungs are affected it causes i
shooting pains, like needles passing
through them; the same with the Liver or
Bowels. This is caused by the ducts be
ing stopped, and always disappears in a A
week after taking it. Read the label.
If the stomach is foul or bilious it will
cause squeamish feelings at first. pal
No change of diet ever necessary. Eat pl
the best you can get, and enough of it.
Dose, one tablespoonful in water at bed- UP
time. Sold by all Druggists.
BEST IN THE WORLD.
inOt
oiffo
THE SUNPAST UN
STOVE POL I S r Quick
fte-dinofrhine, st
Sspplied e, i pol- l
ishe d woith loth.
Xorse BrWOYs., Prown.I Canton. DLass. U ra..
ki r. gneral st
SlrS.TRIA ATFOURMIE ED FREE by mall at r
: WIeln b sexelackicnguof. Amesto ve. '1
me appl dar nomia pal- ra
Teel
r.ii.met I nt
.. FARMER AND PLANTER
ate
at- AN IMPORTANT QUESTION.
o -
Idy Shall the SBoth Abandoanthe Culture of
CottoaT or How sthall We Mtake It olre
e Iremunerativet"
No question is more important than
to this. To the south, the proper an
sat swer involves every interest. The
at culture of cotton has been for many
years the principal industry of this
section.
Upon it was based not only the sue
Por cess or failure of the farmer, but, Itn a
he large measure, our entire financial pol
icy. Merchandise, banking and trans
portation were largely modified by this
SI crop.
TIHE MONEY INVOLVED.
n'y The lint sold, the seed products and
for the manufactured goods, annually
bat brought into circulation among us
k." over four hundred millions of dollars.
This gave life to every artery of trade.
or This of itself was a circulating medi
am of nearly or quite twenty dollars
per capitel added every year.
O VE CAN NOT RABANDON IT.
ace It would seem evident to the most
a ncasual thinker that the abandonment
of such a money-producing crop would
id- paralyize every branch of industry in
1at the land.
ra. The immediate effect would be a
ip- general cutting down of values. Every
n- acre of farm land would be worth less.
,m Every species of real estate would de
sa preciate. Merchauts would have to
give up their merchandise, and the
ad- railroads would run empty trains.
4- Lawyers would be without clients.
Schools would rapidly fall into decay,
and a general collapse, if not universal
ii- bankruptcy, would ensue.
PROVIDENTIAL CAUSES.
a We have the climate, the soil and
- the labor to grow cotton, to a greater
advantage than any other portion of
the globe can produce a similar grade.
rd It would not be wise to fail to utilize
k- all these.
ts TIlE CONSKEQUENCES.
n- If we abandon the culture of cotton,
k- we have in our midst a vast contingent
I of unemployed labor, idle, shiftless and I
to homeless. The negro does not know 1
e- how to support himself in any other
branch of agriculture.
is We must plant all the lands now i
used in growing cotton in some kind 1
of food-producing crops. This would r
soon glut the market with all that line
of produce. It would ruin the north- c
west, cut off the largest source of in- t
come to the railroads, break all the
commission men and provision dealers,
as reduce the price of provisions of all
at sorts so low that it would be a losing t
ad business to grow them, and the farmer I
is would be in a worse condition than a
Bs now, with cotton at five cents.
WIIAT SIhALL Wit DO TIIEN ?
There is a much better way out of t
this trouble. Ve can cheapen the pro- f
w duction of cotton by growing all our r
r home supplies upon the farm. Then, I
plant smaller areas in cotton, and f
mnanlire and cultivate better, so as to I
a. increase the yield per acre. Make no e
accounts, pay as you go, so that the t
cotton when grown will belong to the a
grower. Quit forcing the entire crop u
upon the market in three months. p
Distribute the sale over the whole a
twelve months, only selling as the fac- Ii
tories need it for consumption; this ii
will greatly improve the price. ii
WVe gin cotton because it brings a
higher price in lint and is easier h]an
died; for the same reasons, let us spin
the cotton and sell thread and cloth.
LTint cotton is worth three times as
much as seed cotton. Thread is worth i
three times as much as lint. Cloth, or
woven cotton, about three times as
niuch as thread, or six times as much
as lint. p
The increased value of one or two
crops will pay for all the machinery
necessary for the manufacture of the
entire crop. A little concert of action
will enable us to regulate this matter. st
We cane inaugurate this movemnent
ensier than we can give up the cul
ture of cotton and adapt ourselves to
a new system of farming and a new a
set of crops and hunt up new markets. ti
We only need a little more common
sense economy.
II :C'.APITI'I.ATION. 5
1. Grow crops that belong to us, d
and thus cheapen the cost of produc
tion,. i
". Sell only as consumption de- it
ma nds.it
l. Manufacture all or nearly all the
crop here in the south.
4. Inaugnurate these reforms by
economy amnd concert of action. or
5. Th]us the cotton crop will bring in
I us annually $l0 1)00,.000.(%
The above is not intended to be ex- 1I
I haultive, but only suggrestive. The C
I chan-ges snuggested will not comie about
of tlecmselyves witlhout thought and "
action. Neither will any other ad
justment of our present deep-seated a
trou bles.
Above all things, ourl farmers must
better educate themselves, so as to 1o
know how to be independleut of trickl- li
sters. We can not change time habits of
of a lifetime in a day, but we can bc- yc
Iin and press on in the right way, and in
improve as sve go.-J.las. I. liunnicutt, Du
in Southern Cli tivator.
TWENTY YEARS HENCE.
A Nortlhern Granger icooks Into the Future
er the Soutlh.
It needs no prophetic vision on the
part of the careful observer to see
plainly that tile seat of the greatest
progress made by the people of the t
Unlted States will be in what is li
termed the southern states. This will In
be brought about by tihe sub-divisions
of the great plantations of the south yo
into small fnrms where intensive, in- tal
stead of extensive farming wvill be the sar
rule. Inten.sive farming can be fol
lowed only in a coyntry where climatic trc
conditions are such as to permit the in
raising of fruits and vegetables in the di
highest state of perfection, and it is
beyond question that the southern
states enjoy this climatic advantage. t
To-day all the great lines of rail
way of the northern states are seclking cc
southern connection. Reports of the
railway companies showthat it is only
those that have such connections that Co,
are able to report an increase of earn- Da
ings. With the facilities that these Tb
new lines of railway will afford tile ani
southern farmer, they will be enabled aca
to furnish the great cities of the
northwest with fruits and vegetables _
fresh from their orchards and gardens - it
at remunerative prices. w
There are also two other lines of out
farming in which the southern farmer to I
has proven that he can successfully -
compete with his northern rival, vie.: Ma,
Poultry raising and dairying. h'Ihe It i
northern farmer is already keenly eu-s
feeling the competltiqp 9Q the south- spki
.- . , .
In dairyting, the idea that was as
long and firmly entertained by the
northern as well as the southern farm
I. er, that dairying could not be profit
ably followed in the south, has beed
on distpeled by the &Uccessful manage
iment of this industry by a number of
han brainy and progressive farmers of the
an- sunny south.
"he The inexhaustible mines, quarries
my and forests of the southern states will
his furnish the raw material to the gieat
manufacturing plants thitt will causd
ti- the upbuildilg of great cities in the
o a South. These cities will furnish a mar
hl- ket for all the products of the farm.
us- In the above statements we hart
his taken no rosy view oh taccount of mis.
guided enthusiasm; 1-ut. is a resident
of the northwest, I ha'e come to these
nd conclusions, after having made sever-a
y visits to the southern stetes, and care
us fully investigated their resources. [Tn
fortunately for them, a large majority
of the southern fartnePs do not fully
l'realize the tmanifold advantages they
dir enjoy. But there is a leaven work in
the way of emigration of oorthertl
farmers to the south, Who mill join
hands with their- southern neighbors
Est In introducing a new system of farm
at ing, which will cause the waste pieces
id to bloom like a rose. Under these now
in conditions, the south will become thel
home of a happy and prosperous peo
a ple.-Souithern Cultivator.
ry -
ss. THE COMPOST HEAP.
le
to The nost Valuable Meauns of Conservlnl
te Farnm MDanures.
- Farm made manures are best pre
ts. pared for effective use by composting,
* that is, by a thorough rotting procesi
sal well known to the practical farmer.
To prevent the loss of ammonia as the
manure is being accumaulated, gypsumn
is sprinkled over the voidings in thi
stables, and it is also mingled with
er the manure heap as well. The princi.
of pie is that the gypsum (sulphate of
le. lime) gives up its sulphuric acid to
ZC the ammonia,thus forming sulphate of
ammonia, which is stable and suf
fers little loss. If such provision
n, were not made the ammonia
t would suffer much loss from volatiza,
id tion. There is one disadvantage is
w the use of gypsum in this way: the
or phosphates in the manure are apt to
take very insoluble and unavailable
w forms. The carbonate of limg formed
id by the decomposition of the gypsum
Id reacts with any soluble phosphate
ne present with the formation of tri-cal.
h- cium phosphate-practically the snnam
n- thing as untreated South Carolina rock
he phosphate.
's, A better method of treating com
ll posts, and manure generally, would be
ig to use low grade sulplate of potash, or
er kainit, in the place of gyprum. The
in ammonia would be preserved equally
well,and the agricultural value of the
phosphates suffer no loss. In fact,
of the phosphates would have a better
o- form than before if there was any
ur material difference. Phosphate of
n. potash is perhaps the best possible
id form of these minerals for agricultural
to purposes, and such reaction as could
to occur with the use of potash salts must
io take this form. But this is not the
te only a Ivautage; farm manures art
up universally deficient in potash as coin
s. pared with ammonia, not only in bal
Ic ancing the ingredients, but also in
e- holding; its potash and phosphoric acid
is in such, form as to be readily available
in the ,ioil.---Farmers' Home Journal.
aa1lt in the Dairy.
1 1. Salt, like acidity and charity, cov
ers a multitude of sins.
'. To tie majority of consumers a
1 small amount of salt will increase fine
flavors in butter, while a large amount
r of salt may partially ]hide poor flavor. I
3. Salt is thus partly a flavoring and
partly a preservative.
4. No amount of salt will preserve t
poor butter, but good salt will help tc i
preserve good butter.
n 5. Salt should be applied with a rea
sonable addition of brains.
6. If working only once, use an easi
ly-dissolved salt, or else partially dis t
solve it before using. The latter is not i
a good plan, as it is diflicult to dis
tribute such a pasty mess.
7. The amount of moisture left ir
the butter when the salt is added
should be regulated according to the
dissolubility of the salt.
8. \\'hen salt is applied to drained
butter and left to dissolve at the prop
er temperature (about sixty degrees I
it will absorb moisture from the iut.
ter globnules in dissolving, and this is
quite an important matter.
Sm. Heavy l,rine, when applied onl3
once in brine salting, will be diluted i
in proportion to the water left frorr
washing, and hence be apt to leave thne
butter too light salted for the average
cousunmer.
10. It is nmore difficult to salt vcrenl3
w itln brine than with dry salt.
I I. F'irst and last and all things. gel
a goiod dairy salt which has not been
exposed to bhad nodors.
t 12. h)o not believe that you can fol
low any fixed rules, but consider the
dlissolublility of your salt, thie amounn
of moisture and tihe temperature iml
your butter, and use judgment in salt,
ing as in all other work.--Nationa
Dairyman.
HERE AND THERE.
-Success with fowls does not dos
pend so niuch upon the room thlet
hiave, as the way they are fed and cared
for.
-It is just as expensive to plant, cul
tiivate and gather a crop from poom
land as it is fromn the very best soil.
Intensify your farming.
-A poultryman says, "never give
your fowls water that you would hlesi 0
tate about drinking yourself." The
sanme rule applies to cows.
-Cattle destroy mnore pasture b3
treading it down than they do by eat
ing thie grass. Hlence it is advised te
dlivide thie pasture into several lots.
-The farmer who keeps cows, poul
try and hogs, who raises his own fruit o
and vegetables, and buys nothing thai
ihe can raise himself, is the most suc e
ccssful.
-On his farm at Lebanon, Mo. b,
Congressman Bland has 5,000 BeI
Davis apple trees in good growth
Their fruit sells for 40 cents a bushel
and. the trees bear about 5 bnsheelnal
each' ih good seasons.
ill seems long and steep if we
ake in its dimensions or neas
ejaery few yards we travel. The
w~.,tb get over it is togo ahead, with. u
out thinking of thie hill or thie distanc er
to the top. tic
-The silk of the great spider o: te
Madagascar is fine, strong innd elastic.
It is used by thie natives to f:ttt- low- c
era to sunshades. A singrlo f,-lmal
spider has been known to spin twe
sailS of it to tweatY-'aton day . "
` THE GUNMAKER OF ILION
m
it- ateffdrson IL Olough Refuses a
ed mpting Offer from the Chi
of nose Governmenh$
he
MIs Heaith Aas too Pooor to Peitarlt As.
[es entlon to BEsless--A Greoat Siffree
ill for Many Yearn, ut as Nidi
'at Mecovered.
ad (Prom 's . 8pring.eAld, Mis., *teas)
be there isn't 6 gun iihilidlactuea i the
tr United States who does not know JeffersUfu
k. Clough, and whyl Because he has been
SIntimately associated all his life with the
t stla$tloinlent fs thi two best American
k ti.des, thle Itomington and WindrlesteLt: Pter
I y 'ears he was sutpc'rintondent of the E. Rem
' ington & Sons' great factory at Ilion, N. Y.
a After leaving there he refused a tempting
re Offer of the Chinese Governrihaat to go to
n. Chinatb superintend their governithent fiic
t tai'led-ahat tecepted instead the superin
l tendency. of the Winchester-Arms Co., at
New Haven, at a sal.ary of $7,5 i0 a year.
ey It was after this long terti of active labor
in as a business ruse that ie fOtuid ilizi0!f ir-.
' ' apacitatod for further service by the em
in bargo which rheumatism had laid upon him
,rs and resigned his position more than twc
n. years ago, and returned to Belchertown.
es Mass., where he now lives and owns it(
Phelps farm, a retired spot where lie bha
five hundred irito +tf lad
Being a man of means he did hot spatre
0 the cost and was treated by leading physi
cians and by baths at celebrated springs
withorut receiving any benefit worth notice.
During the summer of 1893 and the winter
of 1894 Mr. Clough was confined to his housn
ai In Belchertown, being unable to rise from
his bed withont assistance, and suffering
'e' Continrually with sttton pitina and with no
jl, taste or desire for food, nor was he able to
sr ootain sufficient sleep.
r. Early in the year 1389 Mr. Clough heard
1 of Dr. Willi:ns' Pinklt Pills fo't Pale People.
in He began taking those pills about the first
of Marchl 194 and continued to do so until
the first part of September following. The
first effect noticed wasa better appetite and
he began to note more ability to help him
Sself off the bed and to be better generally.
to Last August (1894) he was able to go alone
of to his summer residence and farm of 106
f. acres on Grenadier Island, among the
Thousand Islands, in the river St. Law
in rence, where from the highest land of his
farm he .ommands a View for 13I miles
a' down the river, and 60 of the Thousand
is Islands can be seen.
he Instead of being confined to his bed Mr.
to Clough is now and has been for sonime lime
able to be about the farm to direct the men
li employed there and he is thankful for what
d DJr. WVilliams' Pink Pills hav- done for him.
n, These pills are mnanufactured by the Dr.
Williams' tleedi.ite Company, chenectlady,
to N. Y., and are sold only in boxes bearin
i1 the firm's trade mark andll wranpper, at ii)
, cents a b,-x or six boxes for $2.:0o, anld are
never sold in bulk. They may be had of al!
druggists or direct by iail from Dr. Wil
liams' Medicine Conulany.
MRAIL RUMBLINGS.
S TnxE summit of Mount Vesuvius can
y now be reached by a cable railway.
es TuE Pennsylvania is preparing draw
t, Ings for a compound freight locomo
i tive.
l1 AT the end of March last year there
i1 were 519 compound locomotives on the
It Prussian state railroads.
ti OF the thirty-eight street railway
d companies in New Jersey only four paid
a dividend last year.
'M A MAP recently issued by the New
York Central shows that the Grand
Central station is located in the exact
center of the metropolis.
UNDER the new rules of the Penn.yl
d vania company all train men hereafter
a employed must be live feet nine inches
tall. t
THi steam railways are suffering
r- from the competition of the trolley
roads, and now the cry is raised that
a the trolleys are being painfully de
e pleted of their traffic by the bicycles.
I TIIE whole length of Russian rail
a roads is now twenty-three thousand
one hundred and thirteen miles. of
which twenty thousand eight hundred
e and thirty miles belong to the govern
c ment and are under the control of the
ministry of ways of communication.
IN all, the length of the track laid on
the Siberian railroad is now one thou
sand and twelve miles, which is less
than one-quarter and more than one
1 fifth of the whole length of the Siberian
main line .(four thousand five hundred
and fifty miles).
OLD TIME BALL PLAYERS.
ti
S ILLY SUNDAY is an evangelist.
"TIm" KEEFE is a league umpire.
FRED DUNLOP is a landlord in Chlica- a
go.
"lAwxx" O'DAY is a Chicago politician. t
PETE BROWNINO is " resting" in Louis- P
ville. t
1 Jisn WVTE is farming near Corning,
N.Y.
CAL McVEY is a contractor in Cali
fornia. i
Ross BARNES is a stock broker in Chi- t
cago.
JIslmIE GALVIN is a bartender at Oalk
land.
JOHN REILLY is a draughtsman in
Cincinnati.
JACK NELSON Owns a milk route in
Broohlryn.
JomN CLARKSON has a cigar business tl
in Bay City.
IIANLON is IBaltimoro's president and C
manager.
FRANK -EARnsINO owns a saloon in s
New York.
DAN IRxcnAnsoN has a dry goods ri
store at Elmira, Ohio.
ItannY STOvEY seems to have dropped It
out of sight. b
Jons Cor.KnILL. is in the grocery busi- di
nests at Camden, Ohio.
CARvTnTrrnERs is in the hardware busi
ness at Chicago. s
FOREIGNERS IN AMERICA.
ROBESIA has furnished us with 118,- "
000 people.
tr
PoLAND has furnished us with 147,000
immigrants.
THE Germans number 3,000,000 of our
population.
CrrINA has given us 100,000 men, most
ly laundrymen. a
AUSTRIA has sent toour shores 13,000
of her population. st
IN 1890 the adult males of foreign
birth numbered 4,343,453. a
DETROIT has 21 per cent. of native. b
born children of American parentage. ye
THE Italians lead the foreign element -
in only one city, New Orleans.
ITALY and Russia have each furnished wy
about 182,000 immigrants to America. bh
A LITTLE over one-sixth of the wholh gr
population of Boston is of Irish birth un
OvER 12 per cent. of the foreign pop- am
ulation in the Atlantic states is illit- fo
eriate. Pa
THE Irish lead the foreign popnla- o
tion in six cities and are second in fif- tig
teen. cn
IRn'SNdSs nil purity are imparted to thIe '
complexion by lenn'us Sulphur eoap. '
HlUls Hair and \Whisker Dye, DOe0.
ATilstsra is rather in the f0o tUlmn i ij ttie.
)N PERSONAL AND iMPISONAL.
-Jenny Lind was fond of history,
* but preferred it when diluted with fic
tion. She said that a historical romance
suited her exactly.
-Garrick's reading related almost
entirely to his pfofession. He once
Is. said: "Tmi humann face is my favorite
book and the street is riy school."
-A Chinese poem delebrates the
praises of a Chinese beauty named
Ai-ee, who lived about the time of the
the much-lamented Emperor rMo-anug, in
tiff the eleventh century. She was said to
h6 Ihave the largest eyes acd the smallest
feet of any lady of her tlimd.
nr -Mme. de Stael was very homely,
an- and s;il dware of the fact. Her com
Y. plexion aWas bad, lid features were ir
ng regular, but such was the i-ldfw of her
to expression and conversation that no
c-oe who iio iiietsed with her or listened
in- to her ever thdtlgltt di ber looks.
- John F. Cook, Jr., the Oily Afro
lot American resident of Bonnerport, d.,
is- hlis bener elected mayor of that town.
mn- ie is a druggist. Ills father was for a
in long time tax collector of the lilstriet
we of Columbia, and is now one of the
most popular and wealthy tmen of .his
at race at the national capital.
-Miias Mttitn It. Anthony, who, at
ire sevehty-five, is lithe, gracoeful and act
si- ire, ascribes her health to her regular
igs habits. She has escheswed late suppers.
O rich food, and overwork. After her
clay's work she goes straight to her
room.s, takes a bath, drinks a cup of
ug hot milk and eats a crbtckel. Then she
no sleeps nine hours and arises refreshed.
to -Maria de Medici, the second wife of
l[enrl' IV,, who married her in 1600, a I
rd year after his divorce from Margaret
Il. of Valois, was an Italian bcauty, petite
-at F
til and daCk. She was hot tempered, and
he her intoler'ance of her husband's infi
n,] delities caused constant doniestic' bick
a. ering. Hier voice was shrill, and wshei
ty. angry she raised it almost to a scream,
ne so that when the king and queen were
6? engaged in a domesticd tiagutment every
lie body in the house knew all about It.
-llon. Alfred Lyttlceton, MIr. Glad
Sstone's favorite nephew, who is the
,d liberal unionist candidato for the seat
in parliament vacated by ex-Speaker
.Peel. is a famous cricketer. lie played
,n for C'tamnbridge against Oxford for four I
at years in succession, and in 1875T was
n. captain of tlie eleven. Hlis position in
tr. politics is rather anomalotls. ie was
V appointed recorder of Oxford last year
by Lord Itosebery and accepted the
e oftice, but now appears as an opposi
tion candidate.
-Miss .lane Addans, of hull dIouse,
Chicago, has been appointed garbage
inspector in one of the worst svar.is in
the city, that in which the "social set
n tlemnent" of Hull House has already I
done so much good. hler plan of work
r- involves the offering of a cent a bushel
- as a prize for clean ashes, unmixed
with garbage; the ashes can then be
e sold to the railroads for ballast. The t
.e public dump can thus be supplanted by
the garbage crematory, where all the t
y refuse maty be burned. 1
d ---Rusell Sage and his wife have
been gathering household pets. Upon f
v a big rustic perch in the living room t
d there sits a green parrot who sings con
t tinually a loarse song of "Crackers," .
"l'retlvy Poll," and '-\Vhere's the (Girll?"
About the parlor floor there are visions
r of Angora cats, small dogs, kittens and
Sceven white mice. The millionaire likes
to play with the animals; Mris. Sage val
ucs them for their beauty. Hler cats
nare a little more choice than others in
ti the aristocratic portions of New York.
"A LITTLE NONSENSE."
S --Vigglcs--"Are the insurgents or
the royalists coming out on top in
Cuba?" Diggles--"That depends on
which paper you read."-N. Y. Trib
uine. b
-Teacher--"Can you tell me, John- I
nie, why Satan goes about the earth C
like a roaring lion?' Johnnic-"'Cause
he can't cut any ice in the place where
he lives when he's to home."-Boston
Sranscript. a
1 -"'he treated you pretty shabbily." c
"Yes. She's angry with some one." a
"\With you?" Oh, no: not with me." b
"iHow do you know?" "Because I'm t
the one she vented her feelings on."-
('h icago Post.
-The D)octor-"Quecr saying that
about truth lying at the bottom of a
well!" The Lawyer-'"You wouldn't
think so if you knew the amount of
punmping we lawyers sometimes have
to do to get at it."-Tit-bits.
--;aiil ilamilton's witty tongue is re
sponsible for this: When her cousin,
S. l'iclkering Dodge, went to (;ermany
a native whom he asked for informan
tion .said: "Sprechen sic Deutsch?"
"Yes," answered Mr. Dodge, "that's
nmy n;ame, but how in thunder did you
know it?"
SC--'lhc small boy was playing cow
boy, more to his own satisfaction than
that of his nervous father. "I am the
Wild \Volf. of Bitter Creek," he yelled.
"And this is your uight to howl," said
the exasperated parent, appearing
with a strap. And Willie howled.
SCincinnati Tribune.
-"There's no money in literature,"
said the man who had become discour
aged. "I know a man who is getting
rich out of stories." "A publisher?"
"No. 1li built a big apartment house.
It has twelve stories and every one
brings him in at least three hundred
dollars a nlonth."-Washington Star.
--Probably Lost on the Landlord.
"The p'taters are out of my reach,"
said the landlord of the hotel at Pun- -
kin Hollow. "but I'll spear one with
your fork and hand it to you that-a
way ef you don't mind my lack of man
ners." "1'11 accept it, sir, replied the
travcling man with dignity. "in the
spear it in which it is offered."-Chica
go Tribune.
-"I'd like to go to the races," said
WVillie WVishington, "but I don't know
anything about them. I'm afraid I'd
seemu nlsopi isticated." "That needn't
bother you." "Is there any particular
style of costume that's appropriate?"
"Yes. You just wear a worried look
and trousers that have fringe at the
bottom, and everybody will think that
you're an old frequenter of the place."
--Washington Star.
-One day two carpenters wvere at
work on a building when the scaffold
broke and they were thrown to the
ground. One being seriously hurt was
unconscious and the other hurried
away for assistance. On his return he
found a native of the Emerald isle,
Pat by name, kneeling beside the un
conscious man with his hand held
tightly over his nose and mouth. The
carpenter cried, "\Vhat are you doing,
P'at? Take away your hand, yam fool."
Pat, looking uiarprised, answered,
"Shliure! I'lu kapin his breath in. for
he'll be dead as soon as his br.eath
iava his bodiy."--s s' Lgora.
ABSOWTEL PaiRE
A NATURAL. ResleaT.-Barber (insinuat
lnglv)--"Your hair is getting very thin,
sir." Gritmshaw-"Yes; I tieated it for two
weeks with anti-fat., under the impression
it was hair restorer."-Puch.
A DAY off-Yesterday.--Galvcston News.
A wr.,i.-r.ESEI- dog wears a collar and
pants in the summer time.
A c.oon-NATI'r.r spinster boasts that she
always has tw:1 reliable beaux at hand-el
bows.
BIL(.E.Cr is golden, .especially wlhen yon
cannot think of a good answer on thle pur
of the nimoment.-Judy.
Tunl world was born blind.--tam's Horn.
A BARREN rock-W-lln the cradled baby
TfrefIes to go to sleep.
Trru man who catn Impartially jldge hint
self is lit to govern thile world.-Milwaukee
Journal.
Evar.r d imculty slurred over will be a
ghost to disturb your repose later on.
Chophn.
A LAZY man always hurries to dinner.
VWuy is a chicken like a farmer? IBe
cause both delight in a tull crop.
TenI'Die--"WThat arce women's rights, pal"
'a-"Everything they want, my boy; al
ways remember thait. '--Jonton Courier.
Enntrsc..- Student (translating)--'And
rl'-t hen-er --r--cr -w-,l t - er-and -- r."
Professor--"Don' laiug, getntloien, to err
Is human."-Life.
WVr enjoy mucrh when we are thankiful for
little.-llami's Horn.
A ooAT is a good rmilker, but succeeds bet
tor as a butter.
As A rule, when a man has greatness
thrust upon him, it doesn't take bita very
long to get rid of it.--l'uck.
VisITon (in museirum)-"Wihy don't you
get a giraffe?" Man:ager-(Tau't afford it;
they conme too high."-lrooklyn Life.
A olrsx piece of crockery-toe cup that
cheers.
. t Foul breath is a
cela-rsrager of af
*'t fection. It In al
a ways an indicatiot
of poor health -
bad digestion. To
bad digestion is
tratcable almost all
hlunlan ills. It is
the starting point
of many very ser
ious maladies.
TUpon the healthy
action of the diges
tive organs, the
blood depends for its richness and purity.
If digestion stops, poisonous matter ac
cumulates and is forced into the blood
-there is no place else for it to go.
The bad breath is a danger signal.
Look out for it! If you have it, or
any other symptom of indigestion,
take a bottle or two of Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery. It will
straighten out the trouble, make your
blood pure and healthy and full of nlu
triment for the tissues.
Above
) All
Others
There is no soap in the
world that stands so high
in the opinion of thought
ful women as
CLAIRETTE
Ssi lSOAP.
For washing clothes or doing housework, it can't be
equalled. Try it. Sold everywhere. Made only by
The N. K. Fairbank Company, - St. Louis.
Follow the directions,
and you'll get the best work from Pearline. Not
that there's any harm to be feared from it, no
I 1 matter how you use it or how much you use.
But to make your washing and
, ) cleaning easiest, to save the most
rubbing, the most wear and tear,
the most time and money-keep to
the directions given on every pack
age of Pearline.
If you'll do that with your flannels,
.._. for instance (it's perfectly simple and
,- easy,) they'll keep beautifully soft,
and without shrinking. woa
a UEQUALED Yr BLACKBERRY ELIXIR
DYSENTERY Diarrhoea, CHOLERA Infantum,
Sand all Summer Bowel Troubles.
DOCTORS As D PATIoiNTS AlIrsm PRnAISE IT.
ELXI IIn mý rce, wtl very natsa ry t'I us DUNCAN'S LACtBEYlts."
WEBB XANFPACTURING CO., Proprietors, - NA.SWVZLLU. TENr .
"THERE e r too many bills Introduced in
our legislatures," said the lawy:er. "Quite
right," replied the banker. "And the char.
actor of the legislation trequently indicates
that some of the bills are of high denomina.
tions."-Chicago Evening PosT.
FORTtNF gives too much to many, but to
none enougli.-Martial.
DaorsT is a dread disease, but it has lost
its terrors to those who know that H. H.
Urcen & Sons, the D]ropsy Specialists of
Atlanta, Georgia, treat it "witSa such great
success. Vrite them for pamphlet giving
full information.
NEw IlAvr.N bl a policeman called Penny.
A veritable coppe lr.
Rore Eyes Carpd.
Jackson's Indian Eve Salve never fallst2
do Sh:s; 23c at ili dr~rg stores.
PI'so'S CtR-a for Consumptie lhtsrie eqtuaI
as a Cough medllceiic.--F. NI. AnnBOTT, 8b
Seneca t t., Buffalo, N. Y., lMay 9, 1694.
Tluos vii coutllpIfll a lti i most aI-e most to be
comnplai neId .f.--3l ttthcw ry. i r.
HEALS
RUNNING
SORES
S
CURES THE
SERPENT'S
STING
CONTAGIOUS c"n ~' its stages
completely eradicat
BLOOD POISONi bS.S.S. Obstb
BLOOD n. v nate sores ac
ulcers yield to its healing powers. It r
moves the poison and builds up the systc
Valatbie ase s n the si c.ses an I i tsrc a.',nt maild Skea
SWIFT Sr'CIFI:c CO.. Atlanta. Ga.
* HIG-IEST AWARD*
WORLD'S FAIR.
*PERI A
* THE BEST *
PREPARED
SOLD EVERYWHERE.
* JOHN CARLB & dSONS. New York.
SEWING MACHINES edle nd .T... en.. csa
alogue. A. C'. JIOtLaItK, alemphlls.Tenaa
A. N. K., F 1565'7
WHEN WIITING TO ADVEICRTISEIS PLEASE
state that eo msaw the Advertisement n this
.Doer.