sea~reu . ws
? .<;,,.,,= that are not perfeetly fresh
be dusted free of the cracker
d then put in a hot aven for
ahas Amo ng the 1.0o0 xsamnds.
am- tshowing exact location of the fsh;
- hronie Indifst tidonr
rwcently by Kola-Ui Ho. eDy t
Kept me in very poor health for Ave fyears.
my digestion was helped by the aist three
doses. I hatve n' t o perf.etly reh
taken over four hot oot  n for
ties and ne ir leae-a better
e old thas a rel edted H
Ch p oaes beautifuly inluigates: none
eptmdsowing exactr loctior of yhe a.;
Ibformation twith numerousa paccrat
yPacistrtionushtille, . . Geit HOOD' tto
ood' Pis reo purely on retable.it
CHOLERA INVANTUM,
AFFECTIONS OF THE "OWELLS
iny o withucen t it. esamps, by pecullH. D
SOLD BY ALL DRUCCISTS.
l Passe.Ger gentd r1.o.
Prepared by S. L. LYONS & CO.
w og h as his ay it seems
ROUTE
TO THE
--- d' tonE
NORTH nd gAST.
. . BEST LINE TO . .
ies AND THE SEA SHOR
lieve it ga Four Route.me,
nd. O. MveORdMICK, D.B. MARTIN,
Pan~ nshville, . T. Gket AtHOOD'S.
Amavions Int F Tl O I
Oandzorz.ower.
every farmer-W h-v uduoa
lith i cts. ould holve
i whaw the itr, Xespctul.
Prepared by I. L. LYONS & Co.
On the face T
Uand back of every card ofTs
NoeTine De Long EAST.
PHsengx rc -Esra wil beass nd
Separatorhe word
·r~bn'
iunp .
senta inthe Orng! udd Farmer
exellet. devie. for tinJg.wool, a good J
wepressatatic. of 1sbio Is gl v n- in the *
"iustrlation. IJs somewhat simuler to
one descrlbed -ad illuatrsted several g
weeks ago. In this we have the hat
surfaee three feet aquare which may a
be loosely placed upon -an ordinary p
table. However; it will probably be ti
found more satisfactory if =a special t
table is constructed using the box for a
I
. -
II
I
A BOX POR TYING WOOL.
the top. In either case the table must 1
be provided with a foot lever as shown a
in the lower cut. The middle board is
solid and the outer ones fastened to it I
by means of hinges. The outer boards
must be free so that they can be
raised to a vertical position. The mid
dle board is covered with a strip of
leather one foot wide which is firmly 4
fastened at one end of the board. A I
strip of iron is riveted across the other
end of the leather to the middle of 1
which a light chain is attached. Just
inside the strip of iron are three holes
in the leather indicated by H, lH, I, in
the upper out. 8, S, 8, are grooves
made in the leather for holding the 1
twine in place. To prevent waste of
string use three separate balls of
twine, which can be kept in a box un
derneath the table. Draw the twine
up through the holes e, H, H, place 1
it in the grooves S, S, S, and fasten 4
in the notches N, N, N, at the I
front end of the table. Spread a
out the fleece and turn up the side
leaves and fasten them with the hard
wood hook. Now take up the loose
end of the leather and turn it toward
the front of the box rolling the fleece
at the same time. Pass the end of
the chain over the front of the table
and hook it to the foot lever as shown
in the lower cut. By pushing the foot
lever downward, the fleece can be
rolled tightly. Bring the ends of the
twine through the holes in the leather
and tie. The knots Will pass back
through the holes. Turn back the
leather, drop the side leaves, replace
the .twine and the box is ready for
another fleece. This form of box is
somewhat expensive, and difficult to
construct, but it has the advantage of
rolling the fleece tightly and keeping
it compressed until tied. A fleece that
is not parted in shearing will, when
tied in one of these boxes, present a
white, fluffy surface and be more at
tractive to the buyer than if loosely
rolled up on the ground or floor and
tied with common twine. Fleecer
thus bound occupy less space and are
more easily handled.
POULTRY PICKINGS.
DUcK eggs, when hatching, require
less moisture than do the eggs of hens.
IF strong chicks are desired, see to it
that the eggs are from healthy stock
that has not been overfed.
HARD-SHELT.ED eggs produce the most
vigorous chicks. Those from soft
shells are apt to be weakly.
THER is more profit in raisin g geese
than chickens, and it is surprising that
progressive farmers do not go in for
them more.
SEE to it that the setting hens have
fresh water and plenty of fattening
food, and do not neglect the supply of
gravel and the dust bath.
IsVHE shipping poultry see to it that
the coops are large enough to permit
the fowls to stand up and strong
enough to endure rough handling.
ONLY those chickens which are in
tended for early marketing should
be pushed. With the others it is only
pdesorable to maintain a thrifty growth.
Eems with dark yolks are much rich
er and more nutritious than those
with pale yolks. The color of the
shell is no indication of the richness of
the egg.
Dunmo the first six wreeks chicks of
the dicerent breeds weigh pretty
nearly the same. After that time,
though there is a steady and continu
ous gain on the part of the large
breeds.
IF you would make a success of the
poultry business, start only with a
very few, and increase as you gain ex
perience. Jt is the ignorant ones who
start in on a large scale who make a
failure of the business. In no other
branch is it more necessary to "go
slow." *
eeee for the eorn Fly.
Cuat This Out-The following specife
has been used recently to relieve cat
tle from the ravages of the haorn-fig,
with oighly sttesffator results Judge
DeCbmp, of Allen, Kan., tried it last
ymea, anzd was so highly pleased that
he wa the general pbli to get the re
a yt of wt. We murnisu it to our red
erdy f he coampounded it: Taky g ten
p dr e eot taistd oil or any kind
otr oil oa one posa d of maea
b two gallons of pine tar; two
. fro :thelhrage two potedh o l0oP
it ihlysatisaory iin results. Jude.
brush as hatmP
:an he o u ed ted liatent
of ~t~~atng il cn pond f air.ai
bo.ehel;" tw aloso pn ar w
Iibudv e ~ulhuw twopmans ofeop
tei t, e tbo gve d.
afraid oftihe roo l ng It does the pigs I
good ind neve~ r lrts the land.
But, it iis asieattmes said, if the pigs "
are all at poisture we -loie, the large
pile of manuri-thatr would be mmade in
the cellar and the fields wilLsufer to
that -extent,. Not at alL. The pigs
make as mash manure,- at 'pasture I
when eaonfned in. pens. - The only dif=
ferenets that in the ease of the pas
turiig t -is scattered over the land a
where it is always Deeded.
If one wants the efeot of this meth 4
od of manaing on his tilled ields a
good practice is to fence of a lot pro
portionate to the number of pigs sad
give them the ruap of it for theeason. ,
The matter of a distribution, of the
hanknre fseasily-provided for by chang
ing their feeding grounds from time to
time diriug the summer. The next
season the lot can be plowed and
cropped, the manuring having cost no
labor or cartage while the pigs re
changed to pastures new.
In many cases there are lots on the
farm rough and foul with brakes,
shrubs and bushes, that may be eleared
through such management. But on a
larger scale, a more intelligent mnn
agement and the appropriation of
means easily within reach, there may
much more of this kind of stock., be
made profitable on our .farms than is
now kept.-Rural World.
PORCINE ESCAPE PIPE.
Peeualar uaetiemo Performed by She Legs
of a eng.
The. hog's legs perform a function
not known to any other animal, and
that is an escape pipe or pipes for the
discharge of waste water or sweat not
used in the economy of the body.
These escape pipes are situated upon
the inside of the legs above and below
the knee in the forelegs and above
the gambrel joints in the hind legs,
but in the latter they are very small
and functions light; upon the inside
of the fore leg they are in the healthy
hog always active, so that moisture is.
i always there from about and below
these orifices or ducts in the healthy
hog. The holes in the leg and breath
Sing in the hog are his principal and
only means of ejecting an excess of
heat above normal, and when very
warm the hog will open the month and
breathe through that channel as well
as the nostrils.
{ The horse can perspire through all
the pores of its body, much as a mar
and cattle do the same to a limited ex
tent, but the hog never. His escape
F valves are confined to the orifices upon
the inside of his legs.
People often wonder why it is that
the hog dies so suddenly when he runs
rapidly or takes quick and violent ex
i ercise by fighting, but when you con
; sider the few escape pipes, their' small
I capacity and remoteness from the cavy
ity where the heat is generated, the
wonder is not that he dies quickly when
overheated, but that he lives as long as
I he does when heated up;-Swine Breed,
ers' Journal.
PORTABLE SWINE BOX.
1 A Contrivance Worth Its Cost Every Tim
t It Is Ued.
In moving swine some method be
sides leading or driving is often neces
r sary. To accomplish this, make a
r strong box 43x23jx134 feet, with an
e opening at one end. Set the box in the
e pen doorway, and with a liale corn in
r the end of the box entice the hog in.
s Let the door in the rear end down and
Ssecure with a peg, as shown in the cut.
f Two nime can easily load a oo00-pound
it PORTABLE SWINE BOX.
k shote into a wagon and save the un
necessary noise. The box must be
it made strong by cleating the inside
t corners. Such a box is worth its cost
every time it is used.-Farm and Home.
The Summer with Poultry.
,r The advantage of the summer season
is that the cost of keeping poultry is
e but very little, as the larger share can
g be picked np by the hens if they are
fon a range. The profit in summer is
fully as large as in winter, for the hpns
t will lay twice as many eggs in summer
t as in winter, and thus compensate in
g quantity for low prices. It should be
impressed on the readers not to fied
grain except sparingly, as the hens wll
soon be thrown out of condition by too
much food when the weather is warm.
In some cases excessive beat cause
very fat fowls to succumb. With an
' abundant supply of grass, seeds and
e insects there will be no lack of a varie
e ty. Grain should not be given at all
when the hens are inactie. They
should be made to seek their food as
much as possible, and by so doing they
will keep in better health. They
e, should have plenty of fresh water, and
Lcare must be taken not to overcrowd
a them on the roosts, especially on very
warm nights.-Farm and Fireside.
a Damsjese In Poultry e aupe
- When a poultry house is lined with
o tarred paper it is frequently the cams
a that the house is damp. This is due t4
r several causes, among them being that
o new' lumber gives ofn more or less
moisture, and tarred paper eondenses
the moisture of the room. When the
house is thoroughly seasoned this may
c not happen. The -doors and windows
• should be kept open during the day.
K' and during cold weather a lump of
re stone lime should be plaeed in the cow
st nr of the room to absorb the mia
t ture. It is not due to the exhalations
1e from the birds, but rather to the damp
d- ness of the atmoepher, which co.
'a densed by the oold tarred gapir.
r dense the moiste. Thsi d4amp bceds
o will also give off i~nid iitlst
P in the roonm, whih i*rll be oeaderib
I sand -preelpit u-a the Eoe u teraI
pae"B~u~eMe
m p.y, nther use for sppque t
-the6,oirnogsateon with ion and leahotl
i~ti-t - both ew and immeel U et
wvhi h evelr woman has- The hseet
haof see les in the rs and in the
aeleet'eier theo braids s de careaids l
tsplt both t theirse are good, thapple resti
tith sate both new and immyou mensy be m
-sured of sneces ~.
The ew kon simplhown in the first dw
and reqbiresno k towledge beyond that a
Wihih egver: mwoma hase The wsechve
s eseslelnt as ae modeig, and in the c
saeein. cors Uyoe arse barefl I
thai bothuo their are goodr the rest I
su y followit o and need may be
scaged olored furniture sateen. The
The shntral is worked in the andfirst dr
a oes, und the center is k lled with fancy
stitches of the same. The antennae
like lines llthaent run rom itmodel, and carstn
drtawn with bru, then covered with
eithe braid, neatly psted on. Each onemodified to
of the setoriginal has buttonholed irregted
by ntre edge, nd eanch joint is aentirelyl her 1
sage-olorrked over with the same. The om
bination fig tones is wocharmked in long and the
strapidityches of the same.work is Then immntense ad
vntalike lines thatese days of wehurry andfirst
drawnhustle, with a b then coverone has hardly time suf-with
g preainetty things on. Eachone
of the sectiond is buttion shows oner
orer o edga tetble coer, and each joint is entirely
The matoveria is heavy linsame. The com-fie
qubinaton of whatones is charmiknown as "buther's
linen," oftnd all the work is mmedone ad-with
-I
whitage silk. The large of hurryes in
I stle, when one hashapurely conventionalme suf
fcibed, but with white in plove for mol
eingpretty things.
The secondg o the cloth is llstrainished withone
Swidcorner of a tea table coer, hem, simply hemistitched, allnd
the whole has the rre merit of n
The matg periaetly and without need ofine
qualestionably is, it has the disdvn "butcher
move ten," and coall the work is done without hot
Aow. The pure white covers Ware, there-.
fore, steadily growing in favor, and as
hi one has the merisilk.t of being eective
Swithout beine exanting, it deserves a
hearty reognition from aconventionalm
en reolorked. Y.ith heavy silkRecorder. The
raid le pht on pre cisely as already de
scribed, bit with whieinte in place of col
Everyone has a different idea of what
he wardre of the cloth s little baby should
s est. The sbabies themstithed, and
pretty much alike rarein theit refquire
dments, and so it seems tht theyed ifht
reqioerned by one simptele rule.ven
The founderfu l wash dyes must be,
but reathed with respect; aound ain the divery
move rentea and offee staorination and hot
wrpense.dIn this article I want to tell
er whater a ned more soap thman the babyl
loe will begin with the ovends- a, the rste
a fore, of steadily othing that is pat on the a
These, of coure, are made of fannel.
hu this one has themeritof beingmefective
It hearty recognition from all busy wom
piee, ptt about is cents a yard, and
should be torn in stripo softeen inche
for evn that elittle heor is rough for
Sthe aeby're i Ih any decoration is
wnted buttonl hole them along both
sides with white silk. That is glr that
the aleest shirts are those mialde
of s ilk and ool mixed, high
enked kd long sleeved. These should
S htton udl the wA y down the front. I
a they abutton in tht wy, and saves if
The over the head, which the baby
alwide. hmsimply They man be boaghn
ey, whi twio han bebo r ht aa sae flargeu
deig e othlr four, which should of
askir, that is very gooa is of cotton and
Beutiful as tcl rbout em oentr n
o ret qiin the bmrae skrt . Theie
te ade with re s mpt; e wan t aseand
tSr wae ntod ine soap-t thae te thecm
the o me and r le ice are, inheare
~ fore, steadilygring in avrndh qas
Atidaces Thaut Ar Nc eaea t lloethe
fheret forms o la tion an d sacx-na
for~,5 aiee.Sixisa eneou sp-·
of ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ j: ly.· ·aal t· onsb't la are
.ettiter wp $ c nb* .Ili i
to werk it in thiswa~y. -Of coureq itis
and have It staiipe&and do it yurseat
than it is to by the fanel already
emba'ideea. If it is a "winter baby,"
a good plat is to make the bind of the
skirt also of Sannet. These sidrte
should be -quite fall to look nicely.
Harper's Basar.
seaTr wrate About als.
Thornsewere odginally used in fast
eMing garments together. Pips did not
Immediately succeed thornas as asten- se
era, but dierent applianees -were used, i1
such as hooks, buckles and laoes. It cc
was the latter half of the fifteenth
century before pins were actd in Great of
Britain. When first manufactured in t
England the iron wire, of the proper is
length, was fled to a point, and the
other extremity twisted into a head. n
This was a slow proeess, and four or P
five hundred pins was a good day's to
work for an expert hand. The United
States has the credit of inventing th4 n
first machine for making pins. This 4
was in 1824. The inventor was one l
Lemuel Wellman Wright. Many re
markable improvements have followed, it
and the machines of the present day I
send off, as if by magic, whole streams
of pins, and these fall so nicely adjust
ed for the papers pricked for them that
two small girls can put up several thou
sand papers in a day.-Ladies' Home o
Journal.
Where the Deby Sleep.
Cradles have gone out of date for s
bables, whose little brains are injured,
we are told, by the rooking motion. 0
Whether this is so or not certainly no a
one need long'for the pretty swaying
arks of earlier days who sees the love
ly beds provided for the infant of '94.
One is like a great basket mounted on h
cross-legs of wickerwork. At the head y
there is a sort of tripod which sup
ports a canopy that does not come over r
the crib at all, but, merely falls to the
floor in tied-back curtains much like a
those at a draped dressing table. Th%
body of the little bed is entirely coiv
ered with three rows of broad lace s,
sewed to a lining that is fitted over the F
wickerwork. There are bows of white n
ribbon at the lower corners.
Black Hosiery Is Doomed.
In Paris the cry has gone up: "No
more black stockings," and the shops
in Paris are eager to please, and, obe
dient to the voices of their fashionable
customers, exhibit now heaps of silk
and thread hosiery, all of the same I
color, but infinitely varied in shades,
from the dark gray called steel gray
to the palest dove tint; a few white
articles are seen among the lot, and
far away, in a remote corner, a thou
sand pairs of black silk stockings;
open-worked, as thin as the webs of
the most artistic spider, lovely, but
disdained and snubbed by their friends
of old, are given away almost for noth
ing.
Easily Made and Useful.
To make a convenient bag for paper
and twine, double a yard of creponne,
joining the edges with a puff of cam
bric of a solid and harmonizing eolor:
At the top turn in each of the four
edges for several inches, so that the
two sides end in a point. Fasten these
together with button and buttonhole
and sew here ribbon loops and ends by
which to hang up the bag. To one
side sew a triangular outside pocket,
with a box-plait in the middle of it.
Make deep rather than broad; this is
for the twine. It forms a very handy
receptacle for wrappings and one to
which the family will be apt to often
repair if hung in one accustomed place.
ow to Clean Windows.
Simple as the operation may seem
there is a way to clean windows and a
way not to clean them. The following
suggestions may be of use to some, as
they save both time and labor: Choose
a time when the sun does not shine on
the window, else it will dry streaked,
and no amount of rubbing can prevent
it. Brush off all the dust inside and
out; clean the woodwork around the
glass first. Use for this warm water
and ammonia; do not use soap. Wipe
9 dry with cotton cloth. Do not use
linep, as it leaves lint on the glass
when dry. Polish with tissue or old
newspaper.
"s A Young Lieutenant.
e Twenty-five years ago a little boy of
a ten years became a lieutenant in the
i- German army. He was the crown
prince of Germany, and is now the em
peror. The other day his regiment,
the foot guards marched to the palace,
. and the emperor, in memory or in cornI
memoration of his entrance to the Ger
t man army, presented each man in the
d regiment with a helmet like that worn
e by Frederick the Great. He made a
speech telling the men how much he
t owed to the habits of obedience and or
der that he learned in'the aimy.t-Out
look.
This Is said to Be Good.
L Shell twenty-four walnuts; divide
them ilto halves. Take one pound of
Sprunes, soak over night, and remove
the stones. Save the water in which
e they have been soaked, to which add
one cup of sugar. Bol for a moment
I. and skim. Then add the walnuts and
prunes. Cover and stand on the back
d part of the stove for at least thirty
,s minutes, until the siup is thick and
a dark, the prnnes tender, and the wal
nuts soft. Serve cold, as you would
r any other preserve.
is Iath for Hot weather.
SPut to a cup of sea salt, one-half
ounce of camphor and one-half ounce of
e ammonia in a quart bottle; f11 the bot
tie with hot water and let l) stand
d twenty-four hours; ther, when pre
Spared to bathe with a sponge, put a
Steaspoonful o this mixture, well
. shaken,.into your l. A srprising
quantity of dirt will oome from the
Scleanest sdkin. -The paamonia cleanses,
h and the camspar and te sea salt im
_ paet a benefsoale efeot whleh cannot be
ud nllgy--I you had been drinking a
oeektail and kissed a girl afterward, do
you tbink abshe would know it? .
Tom--l I kissed a gir Ithik she
e would mkew it, whether had been
drinking cocktails or not.-Lid .
p, Veer Oheap tIm.
oll uoseekeeper--AIs yen sure that tbia
ty tea isn't half oppe
to Dealer ou·'vhaegl)j-W ooulo..'&
ieu vpief ~fwa~ as Juavg d* ten,
·P ·
.c· -i:
·.·, :i`ci4
;:·e rsg-:"r: , :::::~: r
I~·~~i·i i-.·.·· -;ri 7- ..
·* -
'~ ·~··- ;r
·.·U~;·. .L·-~~: I: ·
~· ;· -· .~
: r.:
.· ;r ;;·· ~Fls ~·~ap,~· E·Fb·l~~~ins~,·n··a~I;-'u·: ·ri
·· !rr
·9: 1·
;il`i~lL~it~'l~?t~:'i"~i~·'"'~"'bF'"~~'
·'·
~L· __i· ly_--i·
r·r-\a ··
NOT TO BE FORGOTTEN.
ALL the wars of Napoleon eaparte
east him 2,775.000,000. The vars of
Luis Napoleon were nearly twie a
Saownns of fish bones sometimes fatll
on decks of vessels. Their origin s
the waterspots, which crry fish high
into the air,
Mlrmte engineers now use photog
raphy to llnqutrate their reports, by
presenting pictures of ledges and other
features of the mines.
COL. CECIL CLAY, a one-armed man,
won the medal for the best marksmsn
ship in the national guard test of the
District of Columbia.
iULLuan wrote the song "Wait Till
the Clouds Roll By" after visiting a
friend in a rainstorm who&ked forthe
loan of his umbrella.
BaEORb Mrs. Humphrey Ward com
pleted her first novel she was seized
with writers' cramp, and had to dic
tate the remainder of the volume.
HusnAwn-"At the sewini circle this after
noon I suppose the ladies did ljitlele than
to display their finger ings to each other."
Wife-"'That's Just all you know about sew
ing circles. I'd have you know that not one
of the ladies removed her gloves during the
whole afternoon."-Boston Transcript.
Are YoU Golng to Trasvel
It so, and in whatever direction, or by
whatever route have a sufliciency of Hos
tetter's Stomac Bitters with you. Then
you may bid defiance to sea sickness, brave
the Influence of a malarious climate or ab
rupttransitions of temperature, avoid dys
pepsia, and the stomachic pangs begotten of
bad food and water, and counteracts an un
expectedly developed tendency to constipa
tion, biliousness and rheumatism.
Ow EAsr 8rzrr.-Worker - "What
would you do if you had a million dollars?'
Hard Worker--'Nothing, mostly, and de
mand twenty-four hours a day to do it in."
-Detroit Free Press.
PIncrLs are inexpressibly mortifying.
Remedy-Glenn's Sulphur Soap.
Hill's Hair and Whisker Dye, 50 cents.
tREMEDIRS for toothache, my friend,"
said a philosopher, "owilt be found to afford
instant relief in every case but yours."
Hal's Catarrh Cure
Is taken internally Price 75c.
What a Minister Says.
Trinity Station. M lcoa O. A...
Da R. V. PiEcs: Dar9' I Re fa
of lasted, resufered
Srleft ehoualdr and
iow ItredorI i At
many remedies, reo
ommended to me
F he time I beaan
SPiere's G-l.ea
Medical Discover. un
S months. While tbo at
tuck lasted, I suffered
a great de, and eould
not dress or undress
R.y W. WLAs. myelf lhough I
gard my hth a splend I had sent a
great deal of money previously. ia varloui
PIERCE st CURE.
kinds of medicine. butthe "Discovery." from
i the day I commenced until I was well, cost
only eon DOLLARS.
Sacept my atd. ew su--bscribe u
RBar. WILBON WILLIAMB.
Everything connected
Swith Butter
-churns, patters, tubs, firkins-ought to
be washed with Pearline.' That gets
at the soaked-in grease as. nothing
else in the world can. Things may
seem to be clean when you've
washed them in the usual way; but
1 use Pearline, and they really are
clean. It might make all the dif
. ference, sometimes, between good
butter and bad. Wherever you
I want thorough cleanliness, or want
to save your labor, the best thing
to do is to use Pearline.
Send """"Peddlers and some unscrup""" grac ill tell this is as good
o "the same as Pearline." IT'S FALSE--Pearhne is never peddled,
it Back d if your groer sends you mething in pace of Pear ine, b
1it J~honest--sed it bck. 883 JAES PYL , Ne...ork.
UMl I WHISKY and TOBACCO
.. M HABITS CURED AT HOME
ItP 14 To 28 DAYs. Remedy is perfectly sate-a child can tageit
Nothing evereabouttreatment Book of particulars free. Cowse
00 spondenee aSTRctLYCOIIWZDEWTItt. Plain envelopes used. For
OJLIIO in me..i. o terms, eta, address LoOk BOX 1,000. or Mhuphis Kss Irtistum.
Tobaeeos Bemd .... 5 00 Omnce. 475 Poplar Stre6t. MEMPHIS. TENN.
A DREAM OF PAIR.WOMEN.
We dreamed of tbls.,
SBut newer knew
ThE eleKFArted, welllknown brand
CLAIRETTh
SOAP:
TuEU .KFArnIBmAu COkIIPrAIw.sr.Lua *
THE POT INSULTED THE KETTLE . OAUSE
THE COOK HAD.-NOT USED _
SAPO Q0
~O0 00 , KlN E aN
rýýfin ~~u s - -':;w t.t :y. -y wy"^ '." . , -` ¶~ ;.. : -"
e o sand thers a n-y - e mosw
we walk or tae th e-stree
remeadycr, asup m -iae
mn rrthe tor mst acceptable and
KNOWLEDGE
tent to the oel enjoyment wha ly
rightly upser The omany rh live bet
ter than others and enjoy more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
adaptrofesson, beactso the world's bt pucts to
the needs of physical being, will attes
the them nd it is of the tpy tree lmid
laaver objectionabple substanced in .
yemedy p o of Figa all drug
CIts exclloe is due to its presenting
in the form msu t acceptable and peso
ant to te taste, the refreshing and trly
benefcial properties of a perfect lax.io
ative; effectually cleansing te systeq.
dispelling colds, headaches and few
and permanently curing constipation.
It has given satisfaction to millions sad
met wiTth the approvarl of the medical
profession, because it acts on the Kid
ne Liver and Bowels ihot leok
ening them and it is perfectly free fom
every objectionable substanc.
Syrrnu of Fiis i for sale by all drug
gist..Oc and. bottles, but it is man
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
and being well informed,yyoui ill not
accept any substitute if othred.
A.8 . ,. 180reber, !edbo
I "inchier pneumatic tlire. #UmVA1
sq si teeny bicycle bullt. regeranieesef ples. Cams.
free. Agents wanted in every town.
Indiana Bicycle Co., No. 12 55., Indianseoist. lad.
A. N. K., F. 1506
waua WaITINte x AuvuarI~sks PLUZAe
state Saf yen sew th. Adveitlissnt is tale
irssee