Ai : he was.. able to
S getup e bed a 'i
Sai bottles h was fully cure.
there is no humbug about Hood's." 4
?emoar. Barnrr, Sunman, lad.
s statement is corroborated bhy Bigney l
. * rfiste, Sunman, Ind. f.
S1.3B. Be sure to get Hood's because ji
"Hoo's Pills are purely vegetable. per. 1
-i e l c1u harmlees. always reliable and benefielal
WORLD'S-FAIR * a
. i.a.. ssIK, 1 AWAXtD t b
. UPERI.OR NUTRITION-THE LIFE:' .
* P ER IA
Ias justly acquired the reputation of being
The Salvator for
· The-Aged.
GoWTru and PROTECTION of INFANTS and
C x- LR 1 ` L
A superior nutritive in continued Fevers, t
And a reliable remedial agent I
In all gastric and enteric diseases;
often in instances of consultation over
patients whose digestive organs were re- r
duced to such a low and sensitive condition
that the IMPERIAL (iRANUM was
the only nourlshment the stomach
would tolerate when LIFE seemed
depending on its retention ;
And as a FOOD it would be difficult to
conceive of anything more palatable.
SIed by DRUGGISTS. ShippNlg Depot.
JOHN GARLE A SONS, New York.
The Greatest Medical Discovery
of the Age.
KENNEDY'S
MEDICAL DISCOVERY.
DONALD KENNEDY, of ROXBURY, MASS,,
Has discovered in one of our common
pasture weeds a remedy that cures every
kind of Humor, from the worst Scrofula
down to a common Pimple.
- He has tried it in over eleven hundred
cases, and never failed except in two cases
(both thunder humor). He has now in his
possessicn over two hundred certificates
of its value, all within twenty miles of
Boston. Send postal card for book.
A benefit is always experienced from the
first bottle, and a perfect cure is warranted
when the right quantity is taken.
When the lungs are affected it causes
shooting pains, like needles passing
through them; the same with the Liver or
Bowels. This is caused by the ducts be
ing stopped, and always disappears in a
week after taking it. Read the label.
If the stomach is foul or bilious it will
cause squeamish feelings at first.
No change of diet ever necessary. Eat
the best you can get, and enough of it.
Dose, one tablespoonful in water at bed
time. Sold by all Druggists.
DIRECTIONS for tasing
CREAM BALM. - Applu, e..I B
a parteie tof the eiBalm wsell w
up tito the ,zost-i&s. After a
moment drtw strong breath
through the urose. Ue
three times a dauy, after
meals preferred, and before
retiring.
CATARRH
ELY'S O EAUE BALM
Opens andilueanss the al- Ptaagoa. Alles Veis n
and infl, mnaion. Renas the sores. irotec thec
Membrane from colds. restores the Senses of fTste
end Smell. The Balnesaqouli y absorbedandglves
ible. Pie liOlenta all Drogglists or by n.i.
ELY THOTHESTO54 Warren Street. NeW York.
ass Intenl inerestng, amusing i prtr nl
eadDnE. 65llnstra ton. 8315 passe; pa.r See
~loth. 51.OO- Sent preld on receiptoer price.
t te. 10 httlt ratonaictu1s of the
Wosls treet scenes, views o Chicago at al
The text is nal and com plete, glvlngthe history Of
(uhtego 'growth year by yeavnd the World's Ftir
ay present, Either volume will he sent cerriagte
Paid oreeselnt oT plrie. Cloth. 53.85; half te.
"tcee 55lfsslioreeeo Oilt.5W per wolm;,.e.lr
LI N 00nO., 5n4n Dearborn Street. CHICAGO.
mees ewrJ=pn[6 hrleTraEe ausolssileil
REn PAIRS •I.o BLZWCE2%, W.. ,o- ,..
Are You Fortified?
TWhen you are in a low state of health, and on the verge of
llness, there is no nourishment in the world like
tt' Emulsion
to restore strength. Scott's Emulsion nourishes, strength
e promotes the making of solid
f enriches the blood and tones up
the whole system.
Fer OWgbe, Golds, 8re Tioat, Bronchith,
Weak Lunge, Consumption, Sorofahl, Anmmis,
Loss at mFlesh, Thin Babies, Wsak Oahildrae, and
all ea ditions of Wasting.
SBa y t-oQ geeruinel It has our trade
-am aom3n vitwee,! teraper.
** ScIP* aw*ssios. FREE.
AL W-. MOm s . So bet
frees.. M
"btato TJmL.La -into a pint oio =old
wateru¶7k a small itick of cinnamon,
add box of gelatine, and allow
it to soak for an hour. Then add a
cupful of sugar, the juice of two les- E
ens and a pint of boiling water. Strain q
into the molds and cooL h
SLaox IoU CalAxU.-Into nine ounces I
of sugar mix the grated rind of. three t:
lemons, the juice from two lemons and y
from one orange. Stand in a cool place t
for an hour. Scald a quart of cream in s
a farina boiler, add the flavored sugar, a
mixing intimately and set away to a
cool Then freeze.
LEMoI CUSTARD PIE.--Mix intimate- c
ly a tablespoonful of flour with a cup- -
ful of sugar; squeeze on to this the '1
juice of a lemom, the peel of which has e
been grated separately. Beat the -yolks u
of three eggs to a froth, stir in a cupful c
of new milk, then add the other in- c
gredients, and bake in a deep pie plate t
lined with paste in the usual mariner. t
LExox CREAM.-Beat together the I
juice and grated rind of a large lemon,
a cupful of sugar, one of cream, and 1
half a cupful of cold water. Then add
the well-beaten whites of three eggs;
heat half a cupful of milk, thicken it
with two tablespoonfuls of cornstarch,
made smooth, and add that also. Then
* turn the mixture into a mold and set it
on the ice to cool. It is served plain or
with whipped cream.- Good House
keeping.
NOTE paper, envelopes and cards with
all sorts of designs in relief are highly
fashionable just now in Germany.
It Shoald Not Pass.
A bill is now pending before the Legisla
ture of Alabama which seeks to prohibit
the sale of proprietary medicines, unlesq
the formula of the same shall be placed on
the bottle or package containing the medl
ciue.
An attempt to pass a similar law has been
made in almost every State in the Union,
but has always failed because the measure
is not in the interest of the people, but on
the contrary is introduced to serve some
selfish end.
If proprietors could comply with the pro
I visions of such a law, every tinker in medi
cine in the country would inflict on the
public an imitation of remedies that re
quire skill and experience in their prepara
tion.
If this law is passed it will practically
prohibit the sale of patent medicines in the
State of Alabama, and many of them are
recognized as household remedies by thou
sands of people who would consider it a
hardship to be compelled to do without
them.
Tnrer Ass THAT WVAy.--Kitty-"Oh. Mr.
Flirtly is so tender, isn't holie?" Judith-'-Yes
-pretender."-Detroit Free Press.
DO YOU EXPECT
To Become a Mother?
If so, then perit us to
Y that Dr. iierce's
Favorite Prescrip
tion is indeed,
a true
S I * Mother's PFried,"
]0on iT HZARES
1 O Childbirth Easy
by preparing the
system for parturi
tion. thus assisting Nature and shortening
" Labor." The pamCul ordeal of childbirth
is robbed of its terrors, and the dangers
n thereof greatly lessened, to both motherand
y child. The period of confinement is also
a greatly shortened, the mother strengthened
and built up, and an abundant secretion of
d nourishment for the child promoted.
Send zo cents for a large Book (168 pages),
Sgiving all particulars. Address, WORLD'S
s DISPENSARY hIEDICAL ASSOCIATION, 663
5 Main St., Buffalo, N. Y.
PAINLESS CHILDBIRTH.
Mrs. FRED HUNT, of Glenville, NA Y.,
says : "I read about Dr. T'ierce's Fa
d vorste Prescription being so good for a wo
man with child, so I
S got two bottles last
g September, and De
ceniber z3th I had a
twelve pound baby
girl. When I was
confined I was not
sick in any way. I
ill did not suffer any
pain, and when the
it child was born I walk- n.
., ed into another room
and went to bed. I
keep your Extract of
Smart-Weed on hand
all the time. It was
vey cold weather
and our room was IRas. HuT.
very cold but I did not take any cold, and
never had any after-pain or any other pain.
It was all due to God and Dr. Pierce's Fa
vorite Prescription and Compound Extract
of Smart-Weed. This is the eighth living
child and the largest of them all. I suf
fered everything that flesh could suffer with
the other babies. I always had a doctor
and then he could not help me very much
but this time my mnother and my husband
were alone wi(h mse. My baby was only
seven days old when I got up and dressed
In and left my room and stayed up all day."
toe
WINE OF CARDUI.
Paie .
=ie.:i~ad r ,F:s.. *an, .
f1he pt. , fhor ,.p o
yar, is e lto oo back E
int-a an t;ýe tptigtakes-ofl. pa t. Cin-.
.itti of tit makes us attrn.e failures hu:
to every otherposisible =causie than our ,i
own folly, ignoranee or, indolence. go
Everythingtia to blame but ourselves. cl
This is human. nature, but it does not of
help us to make better crops. It-keeps tu,
us in the sname old easy-going steps,.in of
the same old ruts. Each successive p1
year we repeat our mistakes, and lay foi
the blame for failure on the weather or an
something else. What a boon the im
weather is to the poor farmer. All' his ne
shortcomings are hidden away in it. sti
Onre almost universal mistake is the co
cultivation of land too poor to pay any cer
profit. On the rich lands of Arkansas, to,
Texas, Mississippi and Alabama, and lit
with the increased production from the 1ai
use of commercial fertilizers in the up
older states thrown in, the average crop re
of cotton does not exceed one bale to ar
three acres. Is it not perfectly clear ly
then that a very large quantity of the as
poorer land planted in cotton must co
make less than one-third of a bale to th
the acre? But suppose the yield to be C1
one-third'of a bale to the acre, is there su
any money in it? The present season dr
a bale of cotton will not bring on in
an average more than 12.1, which is hi
equivalent to $8.38 gross per acre. Now ic
set over against that, interest on land, ul
taxes, cost of preparation and cultiva- h<
tion, including stock, implements, of
smith bill, picking, ginning, bagging
and ties, hauling to market; and in m
many cases storage, insurance, cor- n,
r missions for selling. etc. After de- p,
ducting these, how much will be left? li
Suppose you make eight bales to the va
mule on say twenty-four acres. The in
wear and tear or annual depreciation of st
a mule costing $150 is $15; the interest
on his cost a dollar more, say st
I $16, which, divided by eight, le
makes $2 a bale for horse- h,
flesh, to say nothing of the cost of tl
feeding the horse. The picking of a tl
bale of cotton will cost nearly $4.00, N
1 the ginning $2'00, say $10,00 for wear d,
and tear of horse flesh in making, and I
for picking and ginning one bale of ft
cotton, or for one-third of a bale (yield 1)
D of one acre) 83.33. Can you bring the tl
cost of preparation, planting, plowing b
and hoeing of an acre under $3.00.' t
y Again we ask is there any money in ti
a that? On most farms the whole cost of ti
a provision crops is properly chargeable d
to the cotton crop, also, because the p
t former bring no direct income- p
they are consumed in making cotton; o
and what is left to pay for your super- tl
vision, your own worry and trouble, f;
and the exhaustion of your land. We r
are perfectly satisfied that less than h
an average--yield of a half bale to the fi
P acre will not pay. and that will pay a s
o very moderate profit only. b
Here it may be asked, have southern ii
farmers then been getting poorer, have a
they made no money raising only a p
third of a bale to the acre. As a (,
whole, we have no hesitation in say- t
Y ing that they have not made money. d
e Some have. These are: First, those I
having farms naturally rich and spe- e
cialy adapted to cotton, and who culti- t
s vate them with hired labor or with crop- f
pers. Second, those having lands that I
cost little, and have rented them for so
t much cotton per acre. Third, the small
farmers who do their own work and ni
). utilize tile labor of their young chil
s dren. Those of the first class, who are
unusually good managers, and who a
have been fortunate to secure good t
laborers, have made some money. Iso- i
. lated cases may be found here and 1
a- there. The second class make good t
profits whenever they watch their busi- I
ness closely, get tenants for whom
they do not have to make advances,
or tenants so industrious and
thrifty as to be able to pay out. r
IBut their apparent prolits are
reduced sharply by the running
down of their lands-tenants as a rule
neither protecting land from washing 1
nor manuring it. The third class, by 1
utilizing the labor of their young chil
dren, get mIoderate compensation for
their own labor, but make very smnall
profits. The last, as a class, have prob
nd ably done better than any other.
n. Against the above three classes who
a- have made some clear uoney stand the
g numerical majority, who either have
:f- lost money or merely paid out.
th Those who have lost nmoney are
or in debt, probably their farms
d mortgaged. Alas, how many of
these are to be found. Others who
Id have paid out have lived poor, enjoy
ing few of the comforts, texcept the
rudest, and none of the luxuries of
life. Our farnmers, as a rule, work
harder and live poorer tlihan any other
class. And yet the cotton crop brinngs
a large quantity of mhney into the
soutlh every year. Vhio gets the bene
fit of that? The farmer least of all-
thne nerchaut. the banker, the cotton
factor; the railroads get thie lion's
sihare. See how tce cities have pros
pered and grown-how railroads have
been built. But to come back to our
mistakes.
N ext to thie mistake of working land
too poor to pay profits, is that of pur
suing methods which tend to make our
lands poorer every year. No soil. how
ever rich it may be naturally, will re
tain its fertility, if deprived of its hu
mus. Without ]hutnus it will refuse to
yield up its plant food; it will run to
gether and lrake after rains; it can not
be gotten into a state of fine tilth,
neither will it retain its tilth; it will
suffer greatly during drought: it
_ loses the air--it dies. Yet in the face
of these well-known facts, we
mnake cotton-a humus-destroying
crop-thle overshadowing crop of tihe
farm. Keep our lands in clean culture
year after year; reduce grain crops
humus producing-to a minimum, and
allow no rest to the~-wcary. exhausted
soil. Never was a more suicidal policy
pursued by sensible men. And, final
ly, to cap the climax, we spend thou
sands of dollars in the purchase of
chemical fertilizers to apply to these
.oil- which, in the absence of humus,
will not stand the shortest drought,
and thus virtually throw money away.
We ask the candid reader if the picture
is overdrawn.
We shall not stop. now to discuss the
terrible mistake of raising cotton to
buy provisions. Everybody sees and
admits that, and itis very encouraging
to note that the tide is rapidly setting
in thIe opposite direction. It is the
most hopeful sign of the tnmes. Mlore
than anything else it will contribute
to correcting the first two mistakes we
have mentioned. Whenever less cotton
ts eultvatedless poorland will be kept
nusAnd tthapiw. 1, With rent"w aubst
, in raet euanitbo of' hoor ases.t
St fterl year you have trled them ]
and they' hrte been found wanting.' s
r, y .asmaller .auniber of. acres of yout
bset -land- and eultivat;e' thems beter. st
Every ;farmer knows which are the -tl
most productive and reliable fields on o
his farnm. Plant these only -and enltA- .e-a
rate them, better; place emphasis on
good land, good preparation and good W4
cultivation rathler than on the number to
of sres. planted; you will gain every jo
turn. You will need less labor (both li|
of man and_ beast), less manure; less
provisions (because fewer acres call Is
for a smaller numper of work A
animals), fewer plows and other G
implements; and, moreover, you will Is
need less rain, because such land will Si
stand drought better. Since the use of di
commercial fertilizers has become gen- te
eral, the tendency is to rely on them
too much, and on good cultivation too
little. Good cultivation brings outthe .31
latent fertility of the soil, and it is
upon this, after all, that our chief
reliance must be placed. Fertilizers at
are only helps and aids, and are rapid- an
ly settling down to their proper place C
as supplementary additions to the de
compost heap. Consider the soils of of
the older countries of the world, of t,
China, England, France. They have co
supported dense populations for hun- uf
dreds of years, and yet it is only with- br
in the present century that England ut
has imported guano from South Amer- hi
ica, bones from the continent, or OE
utilized the phosphatic coprolites froe di
her own formations. The same is true se
of France and Germnany. o
This brings us to another mistake of of
most southern farmers, to-wit: The si
not using of the best implements for tb
preparing, seeding and cultivating s
land. liefore the war the pre- eI
vailing habit of clearing fresh of
land gave the one-horse scooter and st
shovel precedence over all other In
plows. They were well adapted to et
stumpy, rooty land, also to the care- pI
less, heedless negro. So firm a foot- t
hold did those plows obtain,. so strong ai
the force of habit, that they still hold vi
I the first place on most southern farnms. t
Now it is impossible to break land v
deeply and thorougly with one of t hese b
I light plows wvhen the land is at all b
f foul. They choke up and are constant
ly thrown out of the ground. After
the land is thus broken, it is usually
bedded with twister or shovel, if in
tended for cotton, and that is all
I the preparation it receives. Con- a
f trast this with what light be is
done. With a heavy two-horse turn a
e plow, or, better still, with a sulky
plow, all the trash can be buried out ti
of sight, at many depth desired, from P
three to ten inches. The clean sur- e
faces thus obtained may, by alter ate xa
e rolling and harrowing with a disc d
harrow, be brought into finest tilth
e from three to five inches c'cep. If de- t+
Ie sired, it may then be thro Vn into bedt e
by a riding or walking cultivator, go-f
a ing once to each row. With the imple- v
c ments named, this greatly-superiot 14
a preparation can be given with the same
a (or less) labor. both of man and horse.
that the imperfect breaking and bed- c
ding with one-horse plows require. n
e Imperfect preparation increases decid- t
edly the labor of subsequent cultiva- 1
tion. Northern farmeas who have had I
free labor for a long time, who have a
,t learned to appreciate its costliness,
,o and the vital imports ance of economiz
1 ing it, use these imnproved implements
d almost universally. Though they cost
1l more at the beginuir.g, they are cheap
e in the end. It beho-,les the farmer to
o advance cautiously and prudently in f
d this direction. lie must not purchase
:. implements unsuited to his work or his
d lands or his crops, or to his laborer. lie
id must become some what of a machinist, i
to be able to manage the inore compli
n cated implements. lie must observe
, and study their working at the fairs
id and on the farms of his more advanced
t. neighbors. Ile.nlfg-ht have to visit re
.e mote parts to see them work and even
then get well paid for his trouble. I
Le Take all wise precautions, but imn
proved implements he must have,-to.
1 keep pace with lth.: times.-Southern
1- Farm.
-r HERE AND THERE.
11 _
b- -lRetember, you e.' ti save a great
r. deal of spring work in your garden by
to a thorough plowing of the ground now.
IC --No better use can he ~:adcle of sur
'C plus clabber, skimt milk andi butter
*. milk titan feeding it to the pigs and
re poultry.
°` -A quart of crached wheat, and a
of pint of cracked corn 'well soalkednlid
to added to two buckets of thick slop ps
Y highly recommended as a hog feed.
of -When grass takes the place of half
our cotton, and stock takes the place
of half thIe cotton pickers, farmners
will not have to go so far, and get so
little.
--To give your stoelk thle full benefit
of the corn you feed them, you must
gn rind it. Even the cobs. when ;ground
with the shucks and grains, are a valui
ble addition.
re -F'eed young aninmals abundantly
ur Keep theln growing. You can not stinl
and starve them and reasonably ex
id pect themu to develop into anything bul
runts.
- All nursing mnothers should be
. abundantly fed on good, nutritious
e food to insure the rapid dlevelopment
a- of their young. Thls rule is applica
to ble to all farm animals.
.0- -A farmer can realize money quick
ot er on a heot than on any other do
h, mestic animnal. A good hog on good
ill feed brings a good price in good tinme
it for the good farmer's needs.
ce --Don't neglect plowing your garden
ve throughly before the cold winter
ug rains set in, provided you have not al
ie ready done so. A good supply of ma
re nure should be plowed under,, too.
nd trees and shrubbery. The most lovely
ed picture of rural life is a farm home
ey with green lawns. shady groves. flower
al- yards and orchards. ''"While we live,
n- let us live:'
of -Throw away nothing that can be
utilized on the farm. Wocod ashes
s' make a fine addition to the compost
it, heap, and a compost heap should be
y found on every farm, where all lwate
re material can be utilized.
he -aise an abundance of feed of all
kinds, but do not tray to carry more
to stock than you can feed abundantly.
SYou have no right to own an animal
Syou can not make entirely comfortable
Sby good feeding.
re -.'Knowledge is power." This prov
te erb is strikingly t~ue in agricultural
Slife. It is the intelligent, progressive
on farmner who reads agricultural boonts
p and papers who leads the van of the
i* pqrogssioa
'the u noetmats IIi At dreWa. ,i8
eonavited and meatiaeed, .emantly ob
sev-ed ste two hundredth, anl :
streets, the ~iotement- having .
originatedby the eounty superintend
.eat of ,cho _.
]Msas JunO mand ,aminson, of.
wealthy Cleveland (0.) ftamilies, the
former the daughter of a Judge, have.
Joined the Salvation Army, and are
living in the ermy barracks in that city
Taun National Bible society of Scot
land has foreign agencies in Africa,
Austria, Belgium, Brazil, China, Dutch
Guiana, F'ranoe, Germany, Holland,
India, Italy, Japan, Norway, Portugal,
L 8pain, Sweden, Turkey; it employed
I during the year 1893 over 400 colpor
teurs, who ciroulated 519,219 Scriptures.
BUTTrn AND CHEESE 3lARINGN.
SBggest Day and Creamery Spply ouse
SSn the World.
I Warmers throughout the country are con
a stantly making inquiries as to machinery
- and appliances for the making o f butterand
cheese.
Areporter for aChicago paper was recently
detailed toinvestigate the subjcot. The result
of the reporter's tour was the discovery
SthatChicago, which leads in so many things,
s contains thelargest and most complete man
ufactory in the world for the production of
butter and cheese making machinery and
utensils. The concern is the Davis & Ran
kin Building and Manufacturing Company,
one of the well-known and reliable business -
institutions of Chicago, andoccupies a splen
Sdid building at 240 to 254 Lakestreet. In the
e several departments of its factory, which
occupy in the aggegate some three acres
of floor space, there is not an implement
or a piece of moohanism, no matter how W
e simple or how intricate, that is not made in
r this wonderul establishment ix hundred
persons, all of them, with the exception of
about a dozen, skilled workmen and-trained O
experts, are employed. The farmer who
owns two or three cows cap find here, at in
d significant cost, uteful devices for convert
ing his milk into marketable form, and the aE
community that wishes to establish acream- B
o ery largo enough to take care of its entire
Sprduat is accommodated with equal facil
' he centrifugal cream separator, for sep- h
arating cream from milk, is as great an in- tr
I vention in its way as the sewing machine,
Lthe reaper or the cotton gin. The Davis & o
Rankin Company manufactures these de- le
vices in great variety, from a low-price.,
,e but finely finished hand separator, worked
1I by means of a crank, to the superb con
trivance known as the Davis separator, at
with capacities of from 1,200 to 8,00UU pounds
r per hour.
y For furnishing motive power this com
, _uny makes an admirable engine, either hor
Sizontal or upright in style, in which sim
plieity, compactness, strength, economy,
Sand durability are conspicuous points. This
te is the only farm and dairy motor that was
. awarded a medal at the World's Columbian
All persons interested can do no better
it than to write to the Davis & Rankin Com
m pany, and obtain a catalogue of their cream
ery and dairy machinery supplies. When
ryou com', to Chicago pay them a visit and
Le see one of the wonderful sights of this won
Sderfault city.
:h GEAneAT-"Meier, just imagine yourself
- to be standing sentry at the outposts one
j; evening. Suddenly a figure approaches you
from behind, and you feel yourself clasped
by a pair of powerful arms. What call will
e- you give :" Soldier-"Come, Marie, let me
n loose."-Mceggendorf ers Blattcr,
Two at a Birth.
r' In conjunction with the first appearance
d- of the infant, 1805, will be issued a new Al
e. manac relating to Hostetter's Stomach Bit
.- ters, published at Pittsburgh. by The Hos
totter Company, in English, German,
a- French, Welsh, Norwegian, Swedish, Hol
id land, Bohemian and Spanish, and obtain
re able free of all druggists and country deal
ers. Besides the matter descriptive of the
's' Bitters, it will contain accurate calendar
z- and astronomical calculations, illustrations,
ts jokes, verses, statistics and otherinterest
,t ing matter.
ip 8E--"I took you for an actor the first
to time I saw you." Henry de Courey Foote
in lights--"And where was that " Shie-"l
saw you walking down Broadwray with
se yourself."-Life.
is A Child Enjoys
le The pleasant flavor, gentle action and sooth
at, ing effect of Siyrup of Figs, when in need of
'ia laxative, ana if the father or mother be
costive or bilious, the most gratifying re
ye suits follow its use; so that it is the best
ir family remedy known and every family
ed should have abottle.
re- "Tn people in the next flat are great
en music lovers." "How do you know I They
le. never sing or play." "No. but they're conm
In- plained to the ladlord about the people in
the house who do."-Chicago Inter Ocean..
rn Double the Quantity, Same Pries.
Such is the highly important change made
by the proprietors of that standard remedy
Perry IDavis' 'uin-IKiller, for internal an~d
external use. This will be very acceptable
t to the public, and will doubtless reult in a
largely increased demand for this justly
by popular preparation.
S TnErnz are a good many people who are
Ir- well enough in their weigh, but the coal
zr. man is nut among them.
nd Great tock Island Route Playing Cards.
If you send 15 cents in stamps or coin to
a JoUN SEBASTIAN, Gcn'l Pass. Agent, C., It.
I. & P. t'y, Chicago, you will receive post
paid tihe slickest pack of playing cards
=s von ever handled. Beautiful steel engraved
Wirist Rules accompany them free.
f H_nrve and earth fight in vain against a
ce dunce.-tchiller.
"rs DROPSY is a dread disease, but it has lost
io Its terrorsto those who know that H. H.
Green & Sons, the Dropsy Specialists of
Atlanta, Georgia, treat it with such 5reat
success. Write them for pamphlet giving
st full information.
iid ErIS begins great works, labor alone
luh finishes themn.-Joubert.
it PROrs-On-"-Ah, meest You climb the
nounain. It was a grant foot." Miss
" nYou men feat." Pofessor--"Ahl Zen
)ut you climb it more san oncel"-Tid-Bits.
b Tma crowns of kings do not prevent those
who vwear them from being tormented
na sometimes by violent headaches.
mat
ct- Mns. CooDov--"Did you know that old
Fustian, the dry goods merchant, Is dying
wv Inchesh" MIr. Coodove--"Is that sot
ek- ell, he won't last long. He always gave
do- short measure."-Puck.
me M1n. UXnrmx.-"rL.I . ouir son Justin
sowed his wild oats yetl' Mr. Stewart-
tn"2o, but he keeps right at it."-Truth.
ter Tim only time a man of experience takes
al- his wife into his confidence 1s to tell her he
is not making any money.-Atchison Globe.
"I LtDER5TAstD that Willoughby was half
ide seas over at the Bneerwell dinner." "Oh,
ely no. He was sailing into the port when I
me left"-Harper's Beatr.
ver Bacn-"I can't see why women always
e, turn to the end of a novel frst." renpeck
-"eAb, you know they always want to hve
the iastword Z' '-,Harper'sa-aar.
hes "Do Tro think your sister will be down
oat soon, Willie" l"Yes; she said shewas com
Slug down as soon as she could, so as to have
lte i over With."--Life.
TeERB it a man in Chicago so tende
all hearted that he often rides in a street car
with his eyes closed rather than see ladies
ore standing up.-Exchange.
Liy.
nal Mas. Tsaon-"The worst of it is that
ble when one gets anything new in dresses, at
the end of the wck your servant has it."
Mrs. Crandal--"That is. if you have the
on- same servant at the end of the week."
ral Truth.
ie Houmaxnnrma-"Hafi the thinga you wash
oss mar torn to pieces." WfasNhrwoman-"Yes,
Cjg mum; but when a thing is torn in two or
nrup ieoesu1m~e nt them a only oea
Di peoo -=.. . i, wes ...
N all -ceepts for- coodking
I requiring a leavening agentt
the ROYAL BAKING
POWDER, because it .is an
absolutely pure cream of tartar
powder and of 33 per cent.
greater leavening strength than
other powders, will give the
best results. It will make the
food lighter, sweeter, of finer
flavor and more wholesome.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 106 WALL. ST., NEW-YORK.
"I su- four vies out on the window sill to
Cool' said Mrs. Htunker to her husband,;
'and they have all been stolen." "Then we
must number them among the lost tarts,"
was the philosophical reply.
Mn. GanATnEAL. the landlord says he
prefers as tenants ex~erincetd chess play
ers. because it is so seldom they move.
Boston Transcript.
Iow's Thsls
We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for
anycase of Catarrh that cannot be cured by
Hall's Catarrh Cure.
F. J. CaBsEe & Co.. Props., Toledo, O.
We, the undersigned, have known F. J.
Cheney for the last is years, and believe
him perfectly honorable in all business
transactions and Linancially able to carry
out any obligation made by their firm.
West & hTruax, olesiale Druggists, To.
ledo, O. WValding, Kinnan & Marvin,
WVholesaloe Druggists, Toledo, O.
Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally,
acting directly on the blood and mucous
surfaces of the system. Price, 75c. er bot
tie. Sold by all Drugngists. Testimonials free.
Hall's Family Pills. 2 -c.
S FOR
CURES SCROFULA,
BLOOD POISON.
S THE
CURES CANCER,
ECZEMA, TETTER.
S BLOOD
-" Be on Guard
against imitations of Pearlins.
V' When they are not dangerous,
they are worthless. They
are usually both. Pearline
does what nothing
Si / else can. It" saves
L labor in washing, and
insures safety to what
is washed. It is cheap,
thorough and reliable. No
thing else will "do as vwell ;" it is
just as well to have nothing else.
ar Peddlers and some unscrupulousgrocers will
tell you "this is as good as " or " the same
as Peerline." IT'S FALSE-Pearline is
never peddled, and if your cer sends you something in place of Pearline,
do the honest thing-semrt dback. 2 JAhMES PYLE. New York.
THE TUB THAT 5TAID5
ON IT5 OWN BOTTOM
SOLD EVERYWHERE
"ITHEN.K.FAIRBANK GOMPANY.ST.Loms
Worn-Out Lands
quickly restored to fertility by the use of fertilizers containing
A High Per Cent. of Potash.
Full description of how and why in our pamphlets.
They ant ent free. It will cost you nothing to read them, and they will save you.
dollars. GERMAN KALI WORKS. 93 Nassau Street, New York.
MORPHINE WHISKY
AND TOBACCO HABITS CURED.
eor book of nar.oulars as to HOr AND 803
svTITU TRUATKRZ!, terms, eta.,. adras
.IrrI - t>li UWU11T .. 475 PIar Street, a .ee mat 0 ,". =, to i mar,
it rWAL COUUUIPNO2WURO SOTLTI CORFINNIITUl* PLAIN KWV53OPrIts US;D
Sa-"Wean you ever at the top of tiu
Washington monument?" He-- Ai,..yes,
once; a dweadful expewlenco. I had te
come wight down. y' know; it made me so
light-headed." Shye-"Poor fellow I And
you never got over it."-Chicago Reco.d.
CCRn your cough with Hale's Honey of
Horehound and Tar.
Fike's Toothache Drops Cureinone anlauto.
6'I A summoned to another climb," said
the bellboy as the indicator announced a
call front the top floor.-Philadelphia Reo
ord.
I cAV recommend Plso's Cure 1f Con
sumption to sufferers from Astbma.-E. D).
Tow.sswD, Ft. Howard, Wis., May 4, '94.
A Prasr that is always full of good points
-a paper of needles.
GOOD for ALL 1 U
SUMMER ILLS
WHOLESALE and TU-LU
RETAIL. PEPSIN.
Sol Coleman, Memphis, Tenn.
t.tk Tardt ef .remea4as l.ekeo.Tntm. 5e a taeghle.
SaSrTreatsdfrre.
DROPS 3m1. Coime
and i . ieedy r Ue't 'rse "" "pya5,
Bestart sa. Sold by dna
A. N. K., F 1531
WIZEN XtItTING TO ADWVERITISERS PLUlASa
state that yoeu saw the Jdverttseaet Ib t