Hir
i
o,, -a,,,pra l ,. ,,,om_,
: a bee l told
a.te havleto'
amel(onrow b"hoe ot
oe re fpetoIhrne l5 or
::: :*Iot!o iret mo
+ ,.,~-- II
".l .. an. ... ..apto a_ f od
r thi s ?__o c fo ermo
lTt, e U Am
S 31op Ag& map ts, or.a A
to been tol
lher beforee die
th ols man wasn' baker.-- 1
oonlftthe iltonFl shoe .o
Ito.-b.how the following eat
over. ts aro. period one cl(
m+ Wo+ eb.'1. 1905. 590.-0,73,  o e
ie . eb. 1._ o 4.....b s. t ii l
...e_ .... ... 5 0.7.. 0oi
$ .the pictures will be life. P
S wasin a perfect
--tnerl Ocean. a
,whch isthelogical b
oo son' Professor x
thought, my boy."
di
"alwreay impugnina the
aim+dv"ertiesO what
a tmropportunities.
Sof thee tim neo
proper.- no. r sh
a nerves lad
as afraid -I ,monlj
I  - would , tk, . ' a
Q ured Mes e
i cheaper ha the doe
Hood's Pills are Ie.-best 1
and I use no thee. I am t
ý".Mxas.. . e..asrý,,
Giet only good'- -
appearance '25- pe'r box.
;SMAKERS
. LATEST
PARIS
FASHIONS
L'Art de La Mode.
8 Coloru Plates,
esdges b~ Ou spedal
Carpl or
VASaSUlAW lTS.
eof your Newsdeaoer or send 88
aetamber to
3 E*BROUBIITOl CO.,
i st.. a NEW YORK.
RIS WAPIE.
).WLOUCE. soS..
S.WORKIlcu,
IbDCTR PINE*
0&$4Shees
Ui
AGRICULTURAL BUILDINJG, ATLANTA (GA.) EXPOSITION
Asa " of g5 MOa sitou_ rWl oIeuw a pwmi.3 . oth
us ba6t ol tee I@ .e Dtcombe 8 om ietb ý e s. ye _Th
buli ong bl-st I eb f et- squr sice. . -
SENSITIVE STATESMEN. NIn
dlow
ManY Politiioane Objiect to Being exec
Made RidioulouS. B
"I t
a That is way Tae IL4o~ with Loath. as
Iag Upia CaloreLW--aut They P
An lke to Sae the "Other
krenew" aBemese. amos
glal
LSpeclal WasbhiUton Letter.l the
All men who achieve distinction in thel
Ahis country are caricatured. It makes "1
no difference whether the subject is a tal
Sstatesman, a oipitalist. politician or a Erie
clergyman, the caricaturist is relent- He
less. He- is no respector of persons. wil
SIRev. Dr. Parkhurst, of New York, ten
whose persistent work in the exposure on1
of police corruption in the great city Par
has been ratified by the people, at the he'
polls, has been mercilessly caricatured. adS
SRev. Dr. Talmage, whose reputation as
a pulpit orator has but few equals, has plie
been ridiculed by the pencils of the
critical picture-makers. weT
When -James 0. Blaine was a candi
date for the presidency he was villain- Vei
it swi
wh
net
Sair
Iau
car
di1
Smade, r. H ion appears s very
pi makers of these pictures re
1nothing for the feclingsoof their vi
A few strokes of the pen or penaI will 1
portreman was subject to contumely;ous andi
evde , and then political cartoons areth
g- othsque onditions, and the pictures careis
nothingready for the feeli publication. The artist ise
paid for the picture, or paid by the b
week to do such work, and he never tl
wastes any sympathy upon the object -
of his assaults. Ile has no heart, or p
else has hidden it away from contact or
communication with his conscience. r
He works much as a space writer works
on a metroDolitan daily paper. It is
Shis method of earnings a living, and he
never likens himself unto a graverob
her or a Mafia assassin. Certainly not,
for he is an "artist," a man of genius, a
and his employers applaud his efforts.
"I have ceased to pay 'nny attention
to caricatures of myself," says Speaker
Crisp. "I used to be very sensitive, and
sometimes angry with the liberties of ,
buffoonry, but that was some time ago. h
A public man must become accustomed 1
to the bitter as well as the sweet of a
prominent positions in the political
world:" a
"I never notice cartoons reflecting t
upon myself,'" says ex-Speaker Reed. v
"The follows who make them have no i
S malice. They are doing that class of
work for a livelihood. The best car c
toonists on earth would work for Puck
or Judge, indiscriminately, for the big
gest pay. Some of them do very effec
tive work in political campaigns. They
place lessons before the people much
more plainly than editorial writers or
orators could do it. No, they have no
S personal malice in their work, and they
are sometimes instructive as well as
amusing."
When Mr. Reed was ruling the house
of representatives and earning the title
e of "'czar," Thomas Nast illustrated a
well-written article concerning the situ
ation with a cartoon of Mr. Reed stand
dml ing like a tremendous giant, with a big
gavel in his hand, his head nearly
S touching the rafters, while down at his
a s feet was a little desk and a very little
chair, while underneath the whole
were the the printed words: "He rises to
R the occasion."
"RK. They have never abused me," says
Senator Quay, "as badly as they tbused
IBen Butler during his lifetime. As
long as I can find consolation in that
comparison, I shall not complain."
O. "I am, as you know," says Cons
author of the Wilson bill, very sensi
M tive and retiring itn my disposition. I
ES. could not truthnlly say that adverse
cartoons are not ofenive to me, for
. some of them have been exceedingly
EL distressing."
"I am inclined to think," says Secre
tary of the Treasury Carlisle, "that the
'. cartoonist, as well as the newspaper
Swriters generally, have been rather
considerate of me. I do not permit
criticism of any characmter to deprive
me of sleep. All newspaper sketches
ry have their place and their value."
Pres1ent Hayess was deeply pained
whenever he was subjected to the ridi
S cuble of caricaturists. He banished
omic lpapers from the white house, be
eaiuse he did not want his wife to see
them. On one occasion Zach Chandler
Scane to Washington, and answered a re
porter with the off-hand remark: "I
have cote to Washington to run a
Spokerdown thepe spine of tel aduinistra
Very c shortly aftorwrds a pino
Swith a, canrton
.  _- =* . - - ., ... .:
Ing the president's bard withone hand, Pre
while he jammed an immease pokeo min
down the back of his neck. That was some
exceedingly offensive to Mr. Hayes. pr
'Benton MoMillin, of Tennessee, says autt
"I take everything as good naturedly selli
as possible in this life. But you may
be sure that it is not consoling to any
Sman to see "himself pictured as a by a
monkey, a baboon, or a treasury bar- bya
glar. However, I must confess that t
the pictures are funny enough when mor
they are about some other fellow."
"Uncle Jerry Rusk," as the late.secre- I
tary of agriculture was called by his was
friends, always enjoyed comoice pictures. u
He laughed long and often overa pieture for
which was published soon after he en
tered the cabinet. -The congress had the
only a month previously created the de
partment of agriculture, and one day
he was joeosely called "the tail of the ohe
administration," by Joe Cannon, of I111 mi
nois. The old farmer statesman re- th
plied: "Well, Joo, you -know that the
tail of this cabinet may keep the flies cau
off of the administration." Cannon
went off, of course, and told the story. mo
Very soon afterwards a comic paper this
pictured a big cow, with Rusk's face,
swinging a tail over the cabinet table m'
where President Harrison and the cabi- pri
net ministers were seated, while the can
air was full of flies. Uncle Jerry eve
laughed heartily, but it made Mr. Har- per
risen very angry. not
Attorney General Olney does not like ca
caricatures of himself. He is a very it
dignified gentleman, a lawyer, but not offi
a politician. He was never in public o .
life before, and when he was recently en
pictured as an owl, with a pen over his ble
ear, giving wise legal advice to Grover so
Cleveland, who knelt before. him with an
uplifted hands, praying for counsel, I
,i was nearly frantic. do
ator Ingalls was always very otl
s.{ but on one occasion he was ob
ep.., r!censed. He was the best pre- sex
i .liii -~fleer the United States senate
htsa :,vn in a generation or more. Is de
t1h it .:& he was dignity and equity in
,:-: - Nobody knew this better
h, +±;;, . ..,lself, for he was a very vain in
-. -, "' w, when a comic paper pictured th
r aving a gavel frantically at
:. ` :..--.j and reverend seigniors of the
.,.:., " wasmortified. He said: "This pa
is unfair, indecent and outrageous. a
I marvel that there is no law to prevent or
e such shameful misrepresentation of the ,
~ senate." ea
Senator Morgan, of Alabama, who te
delivered the remarkable speech against p
re the administration, in which he saids th
ic- "The clock strikes at the white house tb
and the cuckoos here come out of their th
boxes to tell us the time of day," depre- of
ti- cates caricatures. He was very earnest c
bh in what he said about presidential in
is terference in senatorial affairs, bt
is when his-famous utterance was handled ,
by a cartoonist he was shocked to see tl
-er the faces of his friends, Senators Gray,
Ct Vilas, Voorhees and McPherson, ap- b,
or pearing as cuckoo birds cackling from ra
or the boxes of big clocks which were b
e. ranged in the senate chamber, while he
i appeared in the attitude of addressing o;
he such a peculiar audience. o
Se enator Allison, of Iowa, who is now a
so often spoken of as a presidential ¶
candidate, views - everything philo c
, sophicall , and analyses the cartoon a
subject just as he analyzes problems ,
in statecraft. Ho says: "Ift there was
er pot a great demand by the people for
nd illustrated papers of this kind they
of would not be printed, for they would
go. have no support. Our people generally
ed know what they want, and what they
of are willing to pay for; and, therefore,
cal such papers have a mission. I have
never seen anything malicious por
Lng trayed concerning myself; but that
ed. would make no difference. Public men
no belong to the people, and they must
of submit to all sorts of expression of
ar- opinion concerning themselves. They
ick cannot expect praise always, for all
)i@ men make mistakes." -
c- Secretary of War Lamont was private
ley secretary to the president during the
ich first Cleveland administration, - a
or
no
,ey
as
itu
ind
big - f e
uly
his
btle
role
to
lays
se position, and looked upon all such p
As s with a smile or a luh whi
that
I could not have been other than Coen.
rse land pictured regretted them more on little
,or biamont's a fcuntow, a sort own, for he
lways held Mr. Lamndnt insign high esteempos
re-sible. He wasprobablythe broadest. Fa.
the gaugTheed man who ever occupiedrg thaunt
per plooks ikeon and small cask wheupon all suchm p.
ther tures with a hus brrel that was made whish
mit could not have useen of the "tHallo aena
LameVins," a ccountis establishment known, for he
the largest liquor emporium in ths.
Pe world. This huge French wine cask
'ion has a casachr of 18.710 raU8ghQ and
M. Depew,- :othe, Newyork prleat
Sentrl,'eorreo 'eeiettain enrroepus 'I Pos
preeso.na itesi hat eopny' po- ·.es·
sidton in-the a ery clearly T the -
letter Sia aaos X t little
New Yore aen R udson Rlver Rare Mash
O*. DeranldQyife f the yqo meleat
JeA liMes .. ot1N and re bases, smuall
D.' .. co.....s i Fry ii
GCeralsrirat,-.Isa in eceptofe your po
letter of Jasumary .15th, enclosing .the tern
resolutions of the Presbyterian Mibis-- sUee
ters"Association of Rochester. bo"e"
The resolutions are based .upon a pep
misapprehension of the facts. The Ad
press dispatch announcing that the grap
New York Central- had withdrawn the thick
ministerial bill-rate tickets "'beaue yolk
some of the mitnisters had abused the po
privilege, loaifg their permits to n- p
authorie persons, Aud sometimes even t
selling them, was wholly unauthor- in si;
izdl. No suh- information or notice rich
was given to the press or to anyone else Balt
by sany officer of this company. There until
was also an interview reported with me neat
on this subject, making similar. it not
more serious charges, but no such in
terview ever took place.
I deeply regret the publicity which Mt
was given to this matter and the dis- Yor
eussion which has grown out of it be- marl
fore we had really arrived at what was M
. the best policy for this company and you
its associates in the Trunk Line Asso- year
tion to pursue. It had been devel- pilot
oped that very great abuses existed in or,
w. the issuance and use of the so-called expe
ministerial ticket. It was not. however, ion,
te the fault of the ministers. o far as I yoM
can ascertain, no clergyman of any won
church has been guilty of any impro- War
priety in the use of this privilege. Like co
i most departures from regular rules, writ
r this one led after awhile to serious de- n=n
l moralization of passenger rates. The
d privilege of the ministerial order be
came extended to all persons who had wnd
ever been ordained as clergymen,
whether they still had any charge or ty-fl
performed any ministerial services or tyA
not. Many who had gone into business fans
claimed and received the order. Then
o it was extended -to missionaries and i
officers of the Salvation Army, of the Cit3
Ye Y. M. C. A., and of other religious or of li
it semi-religious organizations. This ena- cult
bled railway officials who desired to do Is n
th so to issue the half-rate ticket to almost e
ci, anybody.
I am sorry to say that some railways
do not treat their agreements with each
& other with the same sense of honorable seal
're obligation which the officers would ob a
serve in their individual transactions. shu,
It We were amazed to discover that in or- wahe
der to increase their business without
apparently cutting the rates a few of eaer
the roads placed the ministerial tickets bilic
in i scalpers' offices for sale. In this way
ed they came into the hands of the general M
at public. It frequently occurred that W
he the conductor, when calling upon some pre
passenger whom he did not think was
a minister to produce the ministerial ni
nt order which every clergyman carried, ton
the was met by a flat refusal, simply be
caust the passenger was not a minis- T
rho ter, had no order and had received or wh
not purchased the ticket in some one of 4
aids the ways which I have described. Or,
use the conductor would find that under del
teir the guise of a missionary or an officer
are- of one of these organizations he had re
Lest ceived the order and ticket or else had oi
b bought a ticket which some one who
bat could not be vouched for as a clergy- r
ied man with a charge had secured, and loo
se then placed in a scalper's office for sale. £
my, Of course the essential principle at the co,
ap- bottom of the relations between the tot
rom railways and the public is that every
ere body shall be treated alike; that the do
Lhe railway fare shall be like the postage
ing of the government, the same to every- .
one who boards the train and becomes de
nowa passenger between the same points. Tr
tial The wisdom of the prohibition of dis
eil- criminations in favor of one person as he
0000 against another, or of one shipper as
ems against another, or of one locality as I
Was against another, is now universally ad- so
fox mitted, and is incorporated in the rail
;he way lawvs.
The ministerial ticket was issued at I1
ally a reduced rate, not as an act of charity,
he as some have alleged, but because it
ore, was believed that the clergy and the T
ave church performed an essential service
por- which was felt throughout the vast em
ployment of these corporations. cc
men Personally, I would be very glad if
ust the privilege could be continued under
u of restrictions which would confine it ni
hey within legitimate bounds. You will see, as
all however, from the explanations which L
te 1 have given; how difficult a problem
this is.
the i Yours very truly, i
S(Signed) CaAusc~Yr M. DEPE~R ,
President.
- A.beny Argu.---JJan. 29, 1895.
poLnrccAN-"Move on, now." Street Boy
(after reaching safe distance)-'Y YeO neint
a-been scare. I wasn't weatchin' yeh."
Good News.
TH GREAT OEN&N VOr EE BEwBY.
Coffee at one cent-pound,that is what
it costs to grow it, good co4ee,too. Some
say that it is better than Rio. This we
know, while in Europe last summer in
search of seed novelties we often drank
this in hotels in France, Holland and
Germany.
Thirty-five packages earliest vegeta
ble seeds, 1 00, not 3 cents per package.
Largest growers of farm seeds as
Soats, grass and clover, corn and pota
toes, etc., in the world. Early heavy 1
yielding vegetables our specialty.
IF YOU WILL CUT THiS OUT AND BEND IT
Swith 15c postage to the John A. SaIzer
Seed company, LaCrosse, Wis., you will
.. get free a package of their GERMAN COe
weev. FEE BLaRY seed and their catalogue. [K](
little "cl the last church fair did the young Ls
to a dies tako part?" Mr. Siimpurso---"Great
idien- Sott, no; they took ail.,--Chicago Inter
Ocean.
Deaness CannMMot beo Cured
ethat bepaortiou of theear. There isonly
h pie one wv to cure Deafness, and that isbycon
ivhich stitutionl remedies Deafness iscaused by
an inflamed condition of the mucous linng
of the Eustachian Tube. When this tube
suh ets inflamed you have arumblin sound-or
ren mperect hearing, and when ait , entirely
Eor losed coeafness i the result, andT unless the
inflammation can be taken out and thistuh"
estoredtoietanormal condition, hering will
'RY. be destroyed forever; nine eses out or ten
sre caused by ca.tarrh which is nothing bt
an inufamcS condition of the mucous san
tun' faces.
eco* Deafness (caused by ctsrra, ths
Le last cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh'Cane
[o aUSend for circulars, free.
p.3. CanEr. & Co, Toledo, 0.
in t Id by id r s tsi.
b' I)WnIl 9, dju ceins
ea withs pirpp-r 'r -iad Fat. _Ie
plenty of batter  dba' el -.
PoTATo MaMcm BiS-Parboil pots.
toes equal in quantity to tiwo-third of
the available cold meat-b-ef and a
little hiamn, if convenient, chopped fine.
Mash the potatoes and mix with - the
meat and one raw egg. Season with
small bits of -celery, pepper an ant sal
Fry in round balls. -
Poer-o Pae-Place in the pastry al
terinate layers of mashed potatoes and
slices of-muntton or veal, and three cold
boied eggs,' siced. Season with salt,
pepper -and mace according to taste.
Add butter on each' layer, or pour
gravy over it. Let the top layer be a
thick one of potatr -s, and brush with
yolk of egg.
POTATO AND Fsen B iTs--Take equal
parts of cold fish, shredded fine,and po
tatoes boiled and mashed smooth. Beat
in an egg and a few tablespoonfuls of
rich milk, but do not make too moist.
Salt to taste. Mix thoroughly and beat
until light. Roll with a spoon into
neatlyshaped oval balls, and fry brown
WOMEN IN BUSINESS.
Mass ELz.mLa A. BAILaT, of .lew
York, has invented and put upon the
market about thirty useful articles.
1 iss ErLIZAar Por .usas, a bright
young California woman, about twenty
years of age, is qualifying herself as a
pilot for ocean vessels entering the har
ber of San Diego.' In eight months she
expects to pass the required examina- Ta
tion. be gt
Ma . Canna, a business-like French girasf
woman, is the private secretary of Col. BrI
Waring, New York's street cleaning the a
commissioner. lIme. Carre speaks and there
writes fluently English, French and Ger. Life.
Uman and has some knowledge of Italian. Bu
MTs. IIArruIET DUTERTE, a colored teresi
woman, is one of the most successful say 1
undertakers in Philadelphia. She has
carried on the business for about twen- MI
ty-five years. She furnishes hearses, yar
carriages, and all the requisites fo ar.
funerals.
d Mas. L. A. STAJKWEATHER, of Kansas
c City, one of the first women solicitors
of life insurance, says she finds no difli
Sculty in inducing women to insure. It
o is much easier than to insure men. Re
,t ently in one month she wrote $211,.
000 on the lives of women.
Ieleles
e Glistening intherays ofthe noondsy arem
beautiful exceedingly, but if one of them
were thrust.down your back how you would
a. shudder. This is precisely what you do
r when the premonitory chl of feernd
ague comes on. Thenis the time to tak Hos
tetter'sStomach Bitters, a "knocter out' of
ofevery form of malaria; also of dyspepsia,
is biliousness, constipation, rheumatism ad
kidney trouble.
ELa IIOdIrOwntA--"Honesty, my son, is al
at ways the bent Dolicy." His Son-"Well,
maybe it is, father; but still you've done
pretty well."-Tit- Bits. ten
IT is a mistaken idea that loud talk gives
d, tone to society.-Texas Siftings. ter
a- leo
is- TaHEE are too many good people engaged ads
or whitewashing the world.--GavestonNes. ihe
the
of "Is TcoeR making anything these days?"l ia
r, "yos; a splendid collection of large re
r debte."-Inter Ocean.
Tax world never expects-much from the in
ad yun man who carries his backbone in his an.
ho pisto pocket.-Young Men's Era.
ao ti
y- NOT one man in ten can tell when he is die
ad loafing. an
le. So'Eu eople r.take misfortunes nas they It
she come andotheors go out afterthem.-Galves- me
he ton News. pro
ry- ne
A pRErRxED creditor is usually one that
doesn't fight for prompt payment.-Puck. en
6ge ev
ry- THss balloon sleeves evidently come of a
Las desire to widen woman's sphere.-Boston gin
ts. Transcript. c
s- WHAT Japan says to China: "Taols I win, p
a heads you lose."
as MAs people weigh their words on the a£
ad- scales of others.-Gnlveston News.
al- rs a record-breaking athlete couldn't
beat an egg to save his neck.-Philadelphia
at Record.
it ALL the world's a stage-and everybody
. seems to want the seat with the driver.
Texas Siftings.
re
em- A MAN may run into debt, but he seldom
comes out at anything faster-than a walk.
Sif -Texas Siftings.
der "So You let Mr. Clinker kiss you last
it night" "Yes. How did you know2'" "He
see, asked me to-day if I would forgive him."
Lich Life.
em EDIToR-"~Somehow or otherl don't see
the sense of this thing." l'oet-"My dens
sir, tbat's poetry."-Atlanta Constitution.
t TiE ONWARD lIARCIl
stopped short by Dr.
Pierce's Golden Med
ical Discovery. If
you haven't waited
beyond reason,
Y there's complete re
rhat covery and cure.
Although by many
me believed to be incur
swe able, there is the
in evidence of handreds
nk of living witnesses to
- the fact that, in all
-d its earlier stages, con
sumption is a curable
ute- - disease. Not every
ge. . case, but a large pr
:s as ernlae of ,cases, and
S we believe, fnily 98
iota- per cent. are cured
avy byDr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery,
even after the disease has progressed so
far as to induce repeated bleedings from
the lungs, severe ngeng cough with
aler copious pettion ncluding tbere
will lar matter), great loss of flesh and extreme
'Cor emaciation and weakness.
]Do you doubt that hundreds of such cases
reported to us as cured by " Golden Med
gl- ical Discovery" were genuine cases of that
eat dread and fatal disease ? You need iot take
nterour word for it They have, in nearly every
instance, been so pronounced by the best
and most experienced home paysicians,
who have no interest whatever in mis
reach representing them. and 'who were often
sonly strongly Goldie and advised against
ycon. a trial of "Golden Medical Discovery,"
ed by but who have been forced to confess that
ing t surpasses in c.urati.ve power over this
tube fatal alady, all outher medicines with
d-or which they are acqunalnted. Nast, o
itirel liver aoil and its filthy emusions an d
the mixtures had been tried.in nearly all these
Istube cases and had either utterly failed to bene
fit, or had only seemed to benefit a little for
• short time. Extract of malt, whiskey,
gbut and various prerations of the hypophos
s phites hd alsoben faithfully tried in vain.
The photographs of a large numuber of
those cored of consumption, bronchitis
c e. lingering coughs, asthma, chronic nasal
n atarrh and kindred maladies, have been
skillfully reproduced in a book of i6e
pages which will be mailed to you, on re
ceipt of address and six cents in stamps.
You can then write those cured and learn
4 itheir experienca. AddreesWopac's DISrr
san M ,tPICA, ubaQCwreOx, U o li,Y,
--r.
It is conceded that the Royst Baki Po.d
the purest and stroiýgest of all h ba kig. poiwders.
Thepurest bakink po d wr.aies the laest, et
est, most deliousfood. 'The saarc s ang pow. .
der makes the lightestifbod
That baking powder which i both gitd
strongest makes the most digestible and whoiesonef
food.
Why should not every housekeeper avail hd r
of the baking powder which will give her thei bet
food with the least trouble f
Avoid all baking powdesr s il gift a o
or prise, or at a lower price than 'thie 2OYil
as they invariably contain alum, lime or aul-'
phurio acid, and render the food uvw'hdain '
Certain protection from alum baking powders can
be had by declining to accept any substitute fpi the
Royal, which is absolutely pure.
S_-
Tahm giraffebas a tongue seventeen Inches 4
long-that is the male giraffe. What must ce
be the length of the tongue of the lady Hi
giraftel at
Bzias-"There are very few poor men in
the senate nowadays." Diggs-"Yes, but H
there are plenty of mighty poor senators."- P1
LiWe.
Bueoras-"Does Goldstein take much in- 1,
terest in business?" MLuggins-"I shoald Ti
say he did. He's a pawnbroker."-Phlla- 5
delphia Record.
Miss QUIr (at euchro table)-'"Will you
take my hand?" Mr. Flip-"This isn't leap
year."-Philadelphia Inquirer.
L c
L
KNOWLEDGE I
Brings comfort and improvement and
tends to personal enjoym ent .w hen
rightly aLed. The many, who live bet
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
Sadapting the world's beat products to
the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
Sremedy, S yup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its presenting
in the form most acceptable and pleas
Sant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
beneficial properties of a perfect lax
ative; effectually cleansing the system,
a dispelling cold, headaches and fevers
and permanentl y curing constipation.
y It has given satisfaction to millions and
- met with the approval of the medical
profession, because it acts on the Kid
neys, Liver and Bowels without weak
t ening them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
gists in 50c and 1 bottles, but it is man
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
and being* well informed, you will not
io accept any sfbstitute if offered.
HN OTHER 50AP DOES ITS WORK 5OWELL.
*ONE TRIALWILL PROVE THis.
S EVU ERYWEIIvE
• THEIN.K.FAIRBANK GOMPAHY.s'r is
A Cotton Fertilizer.
Purchase only such fertilizers for cotton which contain at
least 3 to 49 actual potash.
For Corn, Fertilizers should contain 6> Potash.
Poor results are due entirely to deficiency of Potash.
, We will gladly send you our pamphlets on the Use of Potash.
They are sent free. It will cost you nothing to read them, and they will save yea
t dollars. GERMAN KALI WORKS, 93 Nassau Street, NewYork.
U" We think Piso's CURE
E for CONSUMPTION Is the
only medicine for coughs."
r JENNIE PINCKARD, Spring
field, I11., October z, z89.
, FOR CONSUMPT I
. ....CURES WHERE ALL ELSE FAILS. BEST COUGH .Y) UP. :
I TASTES GOOD. USE IN TIME. SOLD BY DRUGG3STS. as CNT
IoE WI. Hwoueo.--Pollosma (gr$et b
offendor by the collar)--"Hold on.ýte_
Hold on." O ender-,"Wht fort vAin't
attending to thatt"-Detroit Mree Fru..
A Dosa in Time avea Nine of HalW
Honey of Horehound and Tar for Cough.
Pike's Toothache Drops Cure inonaiflntS.
FIRST TR~ e--"Wot'f the matter wi
sleeping in the coal-ysrd to-night?" accs
ain't bin no soft coal dare fi a week."
sEUT POLIs8 IN TnM WORLDl
DO NOT BE 0 ___
writh Pastas, nmes, a b its w
stain the handtinjur the kern, ham
red. The Rislng Bun Stovest 3u1.
liant, Odorlsas, sad Dumble. Each ·aaka
contains sir ounces; wrenb aIstD d
make several boxes d Paste glab.
HAS AM ANNUAL SALE OF 84.00 1TO.
Ely's Cream 8ai.
QIRI lY rWR* ,
COLD IN HEAD
DROPSY
0kf eos r.r.da Hmnirn cmc I
E GAYOSO HOT EL' t..
FINEST.' HOTEL IN THE STATE.
ta[tens: 2-.O to $4.50 Per DDa.
A. N. K,, F 540
WHEN WEITINe To ApVXETIERO wPE.BAa
meet. ha rem maw th AdveiUmemat eashi
Desr..