An Albany paper Imquires: What is
thme?' Well, we don't know; but we
don't believe any man can be truly fa
mon nowadays until he has been cured
of some patent medicine disease and
got his picture into the papers as mirac
ulously saved.
A Connecticut man has asked his
triends to buy tickets at $5 each for ad
mission to his suicide. lie proposes to
enter a cage containing a lion and allow
himself to be eaten by the beast in full
view of the audience. IBut how about
a rebate if the lion has a tit of indiges
tion or Isn't hungry?
A new telescope has been constructed
In Paris that will bring the moon Into
handshaking proximity to this terres
trial sphere. It is to be hoped that no
body will attempt to "touch" the man
in the moon.
Oom Paul says that in all his Trans
vaal disturbances the Bible was his
constant guide. It has cn'abled him to
swap a chance to board and clothe five
fellows fifteen years for $500,000 in cold
cash-pretty good bargain.
If any one finds a stray church organ
held under suspicious circumstances it
Is probably the property of the congre
gation of the Pleasant Valley Church,
Barton County, Kan. That is believed
to be the only church in the United
States to-day that has lost its organ by
theft. The crime is sotelwhlat unusual,
as ordinarily church organs would be
regarded as too bulky to be successfully
concealed by robbers. It is particularly
heinous in this lustance, as the Instru
ment represcuts the results of numer
ous socials and church festivals. There
is no suspicion that the music emitted
by the organ has had anything to do
with Its abrupt taking off or that the
singing inspired by the organ has arous
ed anj latent predatory instincts in any
of the congregat:on. The sole theory
enteztalneJ is that some aggregation of
persons simply stole the organ either
because they wanted an organ or need
ed the money It would sell for, and that
is the kind of a pcison chiefs of police
have been notified to look out for.
Hew's This I
We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for
rncase of Catarrh taet oann..t be oured by
al's Cataru r , Cure.
F. J.CacsLv & Co., Props., toledo, 0.
We, the undersigned, have k. own F. J. Che.
ney for th last 15 years, and believe him Ir
freati honorable In all business transactions
sad fioac ally atd to carry out any oblgae
t oe made by the.r firm.
Wasr & Taox, Wholesale Druggists, Toledo,
Ohio.
WALx o, Kis rAw & MARTVI, Wholesale
Druggists, Toledo. Oho.
Ha'l's Catarrh Cure is taken Internally, act.
Ing directly upon the bloo I anI muous sur
*aces of the system. Prie, 7.k. per bottle. bo'4
by r-' I)rtugi *s. Testimoali free.
Hall's Family Pills are the best.
Paovnzcu, H. I.
Ms. J. i. Suareraxg, Satlanasil, h.
Dear Pr:--"PI.as fe ,d blt-a-doun boxes
of your TTrrzanss, C. O. D. Tils make- one
s·a one hal da n Ihb ve ordered igri you.
Some I have used my' 1u, the remainder I dis.
tr uted among fritnd' requiring it. It has
efcted a cure ai every e as where tried.
ISo of them ha5y been doctoring a i*h our
beat phes clw, both mere and in Basto . for
ar wlthot any benefit. nome sail it could
sot be need, as it wae Inherit d. but one box
Of Tmrrsumas effected a cmplete care. I
shall alwat, keepa.upply onn I asni. I know
myself what It is worth. Or tetfllr yours,"
P. O. HANLSO,
81ierr Spring B.eaeing Co.
I bazby mal for 0;-. in slamps.
ANo Toe latisded With t hat Yea rnew,
Or wºuld se. s adly improve your stne~ of
knowledget You mTa not have 50 or os you
ea spar for a 10-rolumnyeencyc olm.a bat
ea aa aaford to yay fitty cents for a land
SooketGeneral informetion. Yen won't want
to paw even th a unle an ou are '!esirous o:
Impoving youar mind sand believe that a five.
hbndred-pas book, fied with a condensed
mr at va-asble knowledge. well be read by
eea. This vainable Enc)clopetlia will be sent
lPd ta far fity vnt' in stamps by tee 8ook
Fl-lwIhiac Hose,e 134 Leonard -t. N. Y. tcIty.
aer"yawh haos hot a large encycioemdla
she - "tiL advantaso e this res oafer at
Se ad stre his mind with the valuable
etscollad in t -I'l* hn'
The greaest warrior is he who can truth
tally say: 'Ias the Napol onof myse.t."
W er se thbr hame bno womes (mre
* M rsr) who elha that thare is na eap halft
i e se. ·r a eeamteial Dobbt nsLetr=a.
Tb. met be sms truh in thbelr els. Try
M. m he mueh. Yer wear hs I
'Ti es·elr of a nlghtigale is as aertals
a Is tbhehowling of a dog to foretell adeath.
ts'yduo a tee of Ds. Kuss's Gsua
. hme Dr. Kline. t1ot tiso's ar. fr
tyrrtebara- r-dus In s.,,
Look
iplyltoetheemediteaof oeer blood. at
thssw ame s poeulm perh asmen the system.
Thes. am edi. ehanes ir e amre;a
ree-rhils ed other amets eep the
bleed pasI daeb aed full vt itality sad peo
wii~he well rIoemsmu,
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
hbesentim=emeodmTet pmeu ea
k g jg5 Set er-diane
?';F:>" ., .- - b4 .. !s. Us
 l,/,, ETW'y US
m ., S..+N h 1 L
t;4t* ycrdr, hrr am t
THE SAVING OF MIR. O'GRADY
BY W. J. LAMPTON.
to OU should see Mrs.
e O'Arady," said my
.1 a wife to me shortly af
* Oo ° ter my arrival at the
summer hotel where
n she was spending the
t season and I was
spending every other
S, Sun,~ay and all my spare cash
"Be jabers," I responded. giving
d the best imitation I could of the Hi
Y bernian aocent, "an' phwat have yez
been doing wid Mrs. O'Grady ?"
1 "My dear,"said my wife, reprov.
e' ingly,"I perceive that your opinion of
Y Mrs. O'Grady is as poor as your imita
- tion of the dialect you associate with
r- her name."
e "I don't know her at all,"I replied,
1 on the defensive.
to "It was not necessary for you to say
is so in so many words, my dear," said
s- my wife, in a tone of voice it is not
y worth while to explain to married
y men. "When you have seen Mrs.
rt O'Grady you may hold to different
ir views concerning her."
i- As usual, my wife was right in her
it conclusions, for when I saw the la ly I
e was more than surprised-I was de
lighted.
She was of that type of Spanish
women. we see in pictures, and her
, name bore no relation to her what
ever. As she and my wife were on
such excellent terms, my probation as
a stranger was short, and in a few
s minutes we were chatting away like
old friends..
"Really," I said to her, "you must
* pardon me, but may I ask about your
name? As far as I can recall, I do
not remember havi ng heard of the
SO'lradys of Cordon a or Seville, or
even of the Alhambra."
"And still I am Dolores O'Grady,"
she smiled.
"Which being interpreted," said I.
with a dawning conseiousness, "means
' that you were once Dolores Somebody
else, ana some Irish hidalgo or don
Scame your way and gave his name for
r yours."
"You have guessed it," she said.
Then I recalled an old friend and
eollege mate of mine. Tom O'Grady,
a dare-devil-Dick sort of a chap, who
had no sooner received his diploma
than he converted what little pronerty
he had into cash and went off on some
adventure to one of the South Ameri
can Republics.
"a I don't know, madam," said I,
"which of the Q'Onradys has been so
fortunate, but there is one I used to
d know who was worthy of even such
good fortune as to be your husband.
His name was Tom, and we were
brothers for Ave years"
S She took a tiny little locket from
some place about her where women
usually carry such things and handed
Sit to me.
"Look at that," she said, and I
did.
t "By Jove--I g your pardon," I
exclaimed and apologized in the same
breath; "It's Tom."
I That evening Tom arrived, and our
respective and respected wives prom
ised to let ns have an hour to our
selves if we would give the first two
hours after dinner to them. This we
readily agreed to, beeause we knew
that no other course was left to us,
and we adlourned to the apartments
of the O'Gradys.
"Well, well, old Tom," I said, when
we had disposed of ourslves corn ort
ably, "how did it ever happen?" and
I smiled over at Mrs. O'Grady.
"That what I wanted to tell you
when we have our hour together," he
Isauhed.
"What selbsh creatures men are,"
Ssaid my wife. "Why not let us know
now? I have never had the pleasure 1
of meeting Mr. O'Grady until this I
Evening, but I've known 'old Tom'
ever sine I've been married."
"How long has that been?" in
quired Tom of me.
"Fifteen yeare."
"Thr toa the good of me. Dolores
- I have ben struggling along with
ah other for a dosera long and weary
Mrs O'Grady threw him a kiss froma
b* tins of her pretty Angers in re
"That's eae epeience, plea three
eaus," aid my idfe, ad I threw her
Shandfual of kieses.
"L us u hve the story of your life,
-old fellow," I aid eaouiingly, which I
was etUrely uanecesary, for Tom I
wee as anious to tell it as I was to
ear it
"Om up a time,' he mid, bow
g to eall of us , "there wsa one
'homa O'Grady, an Ameriea eltinan
.1 hIg deset, better hnown as The -
Sold Tmn,' had he went to loth
Aimera a mnglted in a r+evoltion
-oof the thnawhibe e alwasw en
-_ a leuth hAmriea Raslblie ler I
- a' * . toe _gle whaeevr i e, is
i to d s, This O'Giand-"
bsham goismersa I ;
"he I aring." ba sMui,
-"uiS9$h-- 4- aS Y s-'
fee plantation, and kept out of roli
r tics-"
"An Irishman and kept out of poli.
e tics?" I asked.
s Tom smiled.
e "I kept out of politics until I
e thought I had some show and then I
r want in like-"
"An Irishman," I suggested.
"Just so, my boy," ih admitted,
"and we had it lively. I still retained
my American ie;':. ship in case of an
emergenct, '., that did not interfere
with my duties as a 'boss,' and a 'boss'
f I was, though I could not vote. At the
end of five years [ had a tremendous
Sinfluence, a coffee plantation, a pay
ing mine and a good bank account in
New York City, where it was safe. I
was twenty-seven years old, and a ris
r ing young man at that age has a heart,
I if he is any good at all, and I was some
t good, if I do say it myself. I was not
I much on society, as that term goes,
but I knew some of the best families
t in the pace and visited them. Then
there were some other families I did
r not visit, notably that of the man
i wto was my opponent always in the
field of politics. He was a rich old
fellow,with two sons and a daughter
i Dolores, there, remembers her quite
well"-and Mrs. O'Grady nodded
pleasantly, as if she had no fears now
i of any pretty girl anvwhere-"anl
he was a fighter from Wayback. As I
r say I never visited the general's
i house, but I did meet his daughter at
the houses of my friends, and of
course she, of all the girls I meet
r must be the one I should fall in love
with. I don't know why Cupid sends
s his victims such luck, but I notice
r that he often does. I had known the
genersl's daughter about a year whn:
the forty-seventh revolution-or was
it the hundred and forty-seventh ?"
he asked of his wife with a smile
occurred, and 1 was in it up to my
neck. The others I had managed to
I keen out of, but this one caught me
before I knew it, and I found myself
the head and front of the party against
the Government. The only thing 1
did not like in the affair was that the
general was at the head or the Govern
ment party, and the general's daugh
ter wss the sweetest woman in the
world, and we were in love, general
or no general. Well, the scrap came
off in due course, and after shooting
the town full of holes for a week or
so, any soaring the women and chil
dren into fits, my side went to pieces
an ten of its leading spirits went to
jail. From that point the transition
was easy to the eunnyside of a wall on
the outskirts of town, and early one
fine morning we found ourselves
grouped there with fifty Govern
ment soldiers drawn up in line
pointing loaded guns at us. In plain
E-nglisb, it was an execution bee, and
we were the guests of honor. I had fixed
up my business affairs in the few days
allowed me, and as there was no one I
thought as much of as I did of the
general's daughter, I willed all my
property to her, thus proposing to
heap coals of fire on the old gentle
man's heal while he was after mine.
You might think I was frightened as I
stood there before those guns, but I
wasn't. True, I was a bit nervous, I
bnutI wasn't soared at all, and I insist
ed on facing the shooting party and I
giving the command to fire. They
wouldn't let me do that, though, and I
had to face the wall with my back to
the foe. I stood at the head of the
line, about three feet from the man
aext to me, and waitei calmly for the
end of things. At the first command I
I braced myself, and when the aom
mand 'Fire' came I tried to steady my- a
self, but in spite of all I could do I
when the guns went of I went up into
the air as if I had been bounced on a
spring board and came down in a
heap?"
"You weren't killed then?" ex
claimed my wile, in the pre-eminently
rational manner of all women.
"Yes, madam," smiled O'Grady.
"tVhy, Mr. O'Grady," she began,
but I laughed, and she realised that
Mr. O Grady was not as dead as his
statement might lead one to suppose.
"Just the same, Tom," I said, "I 1
should think the nervous strain and
your imagination combiued would
have snapped the vital cord when
those guns went ofl You know there
are any number of ach eases well an
thenticated. You must have had strong
nerves to have withstood the shook.a"
"duppose, Dolores," aid Mr.
O'Grsdy to his wife, "jou taL n p the
story and finish it."
"It Is very simple," she said, with t
am saeent so charming that any at
tempt to put it Into written words
would he saerilege. "You know it
wase the dsaghter of the general who
saved Mr. O'Grady's life. Of course, if
he had known, he would have died
with the others when the gUnm were
red at him, but the Government n
party did not want to sheot Mr.
O'rady, bease he waes sa Amerioan a
eises, sad that might meass the 1
Govrnmet grmt diseltiem So It
ws arranged that the ahoontiuparty 6
--ettesll Mms asM dt ibs d 5.
ere, but to let him escape the bullets,
It was a great secret and they thought
they would frighten Mr. O'Grady so
much that never any more would he
be in trouble of that kind. And no
doubt they would have frightened him
to death, and he would not have been
in any more trouble-"
"On earth," interrupted Mr.
O'Grady.
"For," continued his wife, smiling,
"the shock might have killed him.
But it was not to be that way. The
general's daughter learned the secret
and sent him .word by a faithful ser
vant, and when the others were led
out to their death, Mr. O'Grady knew
that some other fate was reserved for
him. Even as it was, the strain was
so much that he fainted away, and
those who saw the shooting thought
he was dead also-"
"So did I," again Interrupted Mr.
O'Grady.
"And they were about to put him
in the ,1tch with the others," contin
ned his wife, "when one of the officers
requested to send the body to Mr.
O'Grady houoe. There he was re
vived, and in a few days he had es
caped from the city and was safe out
I of the country."
"And the general's daughter, what
became of her?" asked my wife.
"She waited until times were easier
for the O'Gradys"' replied Tom, tak
I ing up the story Asain, "and then he
I came back under an amnesty act. In
the meantime the general had died-"
"Oh, how glad I am," exciaimed
my wife, in quite a rapture of interest.
Mrs. O'Grady looked at her with
great seriousness.
"You shouldn't speak so of the
father in the daughter's presence,"she
said, and O'Grady actually laughed at
my wife's utter discomfiture.-Wash.
ington Star.
The Domestic Cat.
The eat was a solitary roamer,
whose companions were the trees of
it- native forests. It f~und a home in
the hollow trunks and safety among
the branches. How do we know that
the cat's ancestors were dwellers in
the forest? Because every kitten
takes to a tree as readily as a duck to
water. Also, because nearly all forest i
dwellers are mottled in color, so that 1
they may not be conspicuous among
the lights and shadows beneath the
trees. While I was considering what
was the probable view held by cats
about human beings, it was suggested
by one ingenious friend that probably
they regard a man as a kind of loco.
motivetree, pleasant to rub against,
the lower limbs of which afford a com
fortable seat, and from whose upper
branches occasionally drop tid-bits of
mutton and other luscious fruits. We
may laugh at the theory, but it has
quite a respectable string of facts be
hind it to bask it up. If the Kanakas
argued from the pig to the horse, why
should the oat not pass from the
familiar tree to the unfamiliar organ.
ism called man?
The eat, in spite of the domestic
character it has ac4uired, is in reality"
the least tame of our animal servants.
&s far as its duties are concerned,
man has taught it practically nothing.
Its methods of pursuing rats, mine
and birds are all entirely its own. It
is indeed rather a wild animal whica
has taken up its residence in our
houses for its own purposes than a i
servant or a slave.-North American u
Review. i
Reads sand Road-.aking.
The Irish mile is 2240 yards,
Portugal has 2000 miles of road.
Sweden has 36,200 miles of highway.
France has 320,000 miles of highway.
The modern Roman mile is 1628
yards.
Holland has 7600 miles of public
roads.
In Germany there are 265,000 miles
of road.
Norway has but 14,800 miles of pub
lie highway.
The Austrian Empire has 81,000
miles of road.
Canada has 6000 miles of roads and
highways.
The English statute mile is 1760
standara yards.
Austria is building roads at the rate
of 100,000 miles per year.
The oomparatively small kingdom of
Italy has 51,000 miles of highway.
In many parts of Europe river and
canal roates are legally regarded as
highways.
Little Denmark is amirably pro
vided with roadis, having 2000 miles of
publio highway.
According to Mulhall, there are in
the Unstei States 260,100 miles of
publio highway.
Until the begianning of the nine
teenth century all traveling in Ireland
was done cn horsebaek.
The Roman roads, according to their
importance, were from eight to thirty
tees in width.
lls Sweetheart Knew lBhim.
A Maryland man got into trouble
with his employers and fled. When in
a rsafe place he grew a beard and al
terd his personal appearance in ether
partieulars. 'hen he returned to his
employers and said he was a brother
of the deosalter and wsanted to settle
the case for him. They were about to
comply, when his old sweetheart, who
was employed in the plaoe, qame in
sad recognised ham. His srreet fol
lowed.
A Swallow' wift Flight.
As untamed swallow, whieh had It
met on a term near Chetwyad, in
Shropehire, was enught sad takes in a
esge to London, where it was releaed.
It returned to its mest in eighty alan
utee, havmg aeomplished dishmee
of U145 mls at the rate eo ma ly twe
a . t
ALMOST A MIRACLE.
THE RESTORATION TO HEALTH OF A
SPROMINENT MAN.
Worn Out by Exposure and Broken Down
in Health He Was in Misery for
Monthse-Is Now a Well and
Happy Man-Read the
Story.
From the News, Clarksburg, W. Va.
In the interest of common humanity-, your
reporter has the honor to send you an inter
eating and prctltable interview had with one
of Harrison County's most highly esteemed
ditizens, concerning his narrow and miracul
ous escape from death. The person referrel
to is Mr. Fioyd E. Barnett, of Jarviaville,
West Virginia, who is well known through
out Harrison County and other sections of
the State.
Mr. Barneta.t narrative is as follows: "1
live at Jarvisville, West Virginia, was born
and raised the'-, and am thirty-nine years
of age. I am a farmer by occnpation, and
the exposure and hardships incident to this
life flnally overcame a strong constituti. n.
and in the month of May, 1894, I was seized
with what the medical frateraity pronounced
sciatic rheumatism.
"The disease was first felt In the h'p an i
soon b came severely painful. Within a
short time the whole lower extremity was
affected and became terribly swollen, and at
times the pain which was almost unhea:raile
extended up into th shoulder. I co,nsu ted
the best physicians and specialists in the
country, some of whom treated me somne
time, but to no stucessul purpose. 1 used
various patent mealicines and liniments of
wide recommendation, but none of them
gave relief. I worried along ttlhs way for
some months, being unable to work and at
timer unable to move. I became restless at
night and could not sleep. The disease
seemed to affect my heart and it was utterly
impossible to lie on my left side on account
of the seriousness of the pain at the heart.
"Mly condition seemed a hope'e.e one and
I was much discouraged. when by chance I
happened to rmad an acemunt in the Wheel
ing Indepsalent of the wonderful cure of a
person afflioted like myself, that Dr. Will
lame' Pink Pills had effected. This was some
time in the month of December. I immedi
ately procured a bex and began to use them.
A change commened at once.
"I continuei to take the pills until I felt
entirely cured To-dlay I am a Well and
sound man. Tee pills not only cured my
rheumatism, but drove that troublesome
pain from my heart as well. For more than
a year now I have not been troubled in the
slightest with either malady, or any other
for that matter. I am a strong man and
p. rform as much manual labor as any far
mer."
Mr. Barnett is a man highly respected for
veracity. His statements are corroborated
by his neighbors and his recovery s ascribed
to the use of Dr. Williams' Pills. As he talked
to your reporter, he showed every sign of
being a man in excellent health and only too
glad to tell the simple story of how his life
was strve by the use of the pills.
Dr. Willitams' Pint Pills contain, in a con
densed form, all the elements neeesary to
give new life and richnees to the blood and
restore shattered ner 'a. They are an un
failing specific for such diseases locomotor
ataxia, partial paralysis. St. Vitus' dance,
sciatica, neuralgia, rheumatism, nervous
headache, the after effect of ia grippe, palpi
tation of the heart, pale and sallow com
plexions, all forms of weaknees either in
male or female. Pink Pills are sold by all
dealers, or will be sent post paid on receipt
of price, 50 cents a box. or six boxes for
1.50, by addrse-ing Dr. Williams' Medicine
Company, Schenectady, N. Y.
SCaiOOL BOOKS.
THE PtOPLE CAN Buv
From us at WHOLas5AL Paiens, and
second-h end books will be cheaper stilL
Write for our catalogue and price list,
W. H. OWINg$,
2M First Avenue, Birmingham. Ah
FLORID* A %Nnrt -Ig winll bay land
enougfora harm. Ihave auaresotbestfruit
and vegtable lends near the town of Grove City.
subdlided Into ten acre tracts at 1t .per acre. One
mile from Lemon bay, two miles from Gulf of t
Mexico. PractIcalrl below frst. The land hbs
natural drainage, with all the timber necessary fr
billig and fencing paurpoes. Saw mill near Iy.
now, while Iands are cheap, Is the time to secre.
farm In this, the eoting section of the Soulh Goulf
Coast. Addre p wt p D. W. Arline Grovo
Clty, Florida.
Why LetYour Chlokeng,
Mogs Cattle and Horgse Die?
Dr. SalmoAn' Medlcines a guaranteed to cure
and fatten them or moy refsunled. I yo dealer r
cannot supply vou masd cents for arge sample
eage and Farme 'a hand-book of informataon.
~l er tary IHedlclaseCe., Naeslalle, re ,..
S$100 I rmonth. We prcre
costs you nothing to investigate. oe ye atest
werkat sOe lyt? f SO write us for patliulars'
COUCH & UGINIUL, 8mois, OG.
Iluecr and Treasure Seekers:
A54bK':NY. pmlarne, Pena.
W' Also Agents Wanted for new liae of Specialties.
HINDOM. free and Li hit Eshma Ceak
erels, rom prize stock On y $i each. Mrs.
Gomperts, Lady Lake, Fldrid.
WIIITD YOUNG MEN ANDL tDlIES TO.LEARN
UTelegraphy for I LttloU ov rafol
LIL Dalla, 'lessa.
PATENTS o r' esrlc. Sd stch
SWnvs for adviBe.. L Dsneslate prln,. C -
amln.'r U5. Paten oce.i Dgaaa
& Wusvss, M.GllI Buliding, Washington, D. C.
EVERY MAN HIS OWN DOCTOR
y 1. Irmiltet er , A. N., W.D.
ThI a oeet V alutble Book for
the H.asehold, teeching as It does
the asyip-dlstingushed Symnotons
W diftrent Diseases, the Canss.
* and MWai of Preventin. such Dls
and the Simplest Rmedies
698 PACES,
ROIrUSELY II.LUL I RATED.
The Book is written in plan every.
,lay ENlish, anl is free from the
toohnlca termd which renter mest
Doetor Boots so valsule to to
llty of rswalers. This Book is
tes.ed to be of Service in the
ualy, aI is sbo wordel a to be
* areadily Uand~rboot by all. Only
GO CTS. POST-PAID.
t es Ar ft hi" (The low price only being made
possible by the imm.e.e eston pent. lst ealy does this HBf oontaCs so.
much laermatioe Relatlve o Die ain, bet properly ves a Complete
Aaalaisd terrthl prlallug to oarsh 7rtea the Production
and Ireari g t Isallty PHteir together* wi Recipes ae Pre
eria t o naa alPraadce Correct use of Ordinary Herbs.
New EditUoRe ad Il with Cmplete index. With this Baok is
theboesthere a s o exo. for n keewln what to de ian a smergeney. Dea't
wait until yo have flnes In yer famIly heo ra you rder. but seot at eese
for thbe valable olume. ONLY 00 1NTS POST-PAID. Food postal
nobs or poebtge stamps of any demowloatlos ast larger than 5 cent.
BOOK PUBLISHING HOUSE 184 Leonard Street, N. Y. Olty.
4 i
Gladness Comes
W ith a b-tter unnlerstandin' of the
transient nat'lte -,f the runny phys
ical "lls v: 'i-h .-I .i l e' - proper ef
forts-gentIlc c!lrt -p ln ;p t f lor'
rightly d - r.. ," -, r irfort in
the knowt,:,igo th..t so nua; - fr: v of
sickness are not due t,) a:.v a:t':l , 9ics
ease, but simply to a cr.- t ,:'ttd co:mi-'
tion of the svatemn!,o :i h ,i pl, a:,a.t
family laxativ r, p(,f "i-" tu" ,:npt
ly removes. 1'i ' \s why it i, tr' only
remedy wi.h mii tm ;of f::nilti,,. n,.il is
everywhere estee' r: to Ii:. ,lv 1i a!
who value go,)l he'a '.:. I1 icrtil, ail
effects are de oI t1he fa.t., t!,at it is th,'
one remedy w!,i,.h r,:-. , ;, intcrnal
cleanliness, v. i ,:, t (dlcl i:itusrig the
organs on which it ,',a. It i therefore
all important, in order to g't it, bene
ficial effects, to nte ,when you pur
chase. ';atyou have t gl- .uiniarticle,
which ismanufa.t'r ,l , thet ('a!ifornia,
Fig Syrup Co. only, and so:d by all rep
utable druggists.
If in the enjoyment of go-:~ healthl
and the system is reri'.:r, th,.n lax:
tives or other remedli.- ac not neeled
If afflicted with any act;l:l ( :'tease. on,
may be comme',lc l to ,t,, mr,,st tskillful
physicians, but it in n.....l I-f a laxative,
then one should hite the bcst, Pr d with
the well-informed evesr-wl,:. .- rup of
Figs stands highest ai'd is'n:,rur. largcly
used and gives most gene rtal Latisfaction.
DR. O. T. DOZIER,
(The Renswned nuatheri n pectalilst
Ilrnmlnghnm. Ala.
Successfully treats, at otllI-c or BY MAlT..
all forms of Chronic N-rs us. Bllod. Skin
and Private Diseases of Men and Womsau
CURES GUARANTEED.
All Chronic l)seases of Lungs, Liver,
Heart, Kidneys. Bladdler. ian all diseases of
the Genlto-Urinary organs are in my line of
practice. Diseases peculiar to women. and
all venereal diseases of either sex positively
cured by mild and safe remedies. Impedl
ments to marriage, as Stricture. V'rlco
cele. Impotency. Emissions and all evil re
sults of self-abuse or exceesise indullgnce
quickly and permanently cured. I guaran
tee satisfaction in every case I treat. My
valuable "Book for Men Only,' and Symp
tom Blanks for men or women will be sent
free in plain, sealed envelope to all who
apply. Consultation free, whether in pet
son or biy letter.
A FEW EXTRACTS FROM PRESS ENDORI LENTS,
Hundreds more of like character, and
thousands of high testimonials from pa
tients can be furnished If necessary.
(Atlanta consittlilon.)
Dr. O. T. Daler, the head of tie outhern Medical
DispesUary of Blllnmnhanl. Ala.. is a lse laltit or
nearly twenty tears' experience In the treitment of
bchronic, nervous and private ils.' see and hi. unl
ffrm suesm h s given him a Ie.dlloi positluion in the
medical profetrlon.
(Masonie Ouide.)
Dr. Doaler can be relleIi upon to treat dlseases irn
the most successful manner, and he is known all
over the south.
(The Southern Odd Fellow.)
Weeeannotadd anythingl to the reputatioln Dr.
O. T. ealder has already acquired In the line of hli
prolfesion, but we know him to e a brother Odd
ellow th t can be relied oil tl carry (oat every
promise he makes to those needin his services.
(Age Herald )
* * " Dr. Dealer has retied for many years la
tlrmlnghsm, an! F-lact auccessive )ear has adtled to
his remutstlr,u to hils iafllll ea anid to the esteem
In which be Is hell by our best tIllzens. Is I t
record and apt)rve,.t ab:litli- cit a him to the
proud dltlnctlon of standtnug at "tie head of hi
proteesqIo."
(People's Weekly Tribune.)
As a specialist Dr. Dozier is unexcelled by any
living physician ' He IIs a ,ieorgian by blir
altigh-toned, cultured. Chrl.tlan gentlemian. trictl
honest In all h s -:e i igs and Ilin dclally responsible
for all hia contracts.
(Dtally New'. irnilnehlm.'
Dr. Dorter Is ia tI.vlyii in and ullrge) of educatlol,
skil and ceperli:ir .. .il nl l of culture land hlih
Iliterry atlainist.-, a ,i a Itch: Ii-nllin reie'leitd )I
ali who kn hwlll lt I(-cii ii rill dolln Ili all mnat
tera pertaining to his Irfelssluin.
(Alabama Christian .dvt'oete I
His (Dr Dt. ser'i) pofesl,:aol ti.ln'lla I unlllln
peachable and his character as a gellelans .ilnd
citlzen is above reproach.
Addroa
DR. O. T. DOZIIEHl.
Lock Box 112 BIIt IENGilAM. ALA.
KEARHART'8 FAMILY KNITTER."
gnutnatocklng sand tee
titIst rr U d in I us hom
bold (rwn homeelmn op"nrsctnf.
wool rc.cttonyarna. Xastpeaa'
I l knitter on the market. A
m" csble. ., Imple, a~ p d
r.L . A RIiXT. We .lsu. Cle e P J
- ToolLs (w maato ma sell sprit. gbeds.
pol? .e tLepplt materlla
an toola. Ow~way S ce., 55.5 (is at., ·earls, IlL