The Fire Cow's Owner.
It is reported from Chicago that
Mrs. Catherine ('Leary. owner of the
fractious cow which kicked over a
lamp in the rear if No. 13;7 )e Koven
street, ir. )ctober, 1M71. and started
a blaze which cost Chicago 31 H1.I, ,
(,,. died the other day of acute pncu
monia. A three-story brick structure
occupies the site where in 1I71 stood
the O'Leary cottage. Upon a large
stone in front of the house appear
these words: .-The great tire of 1871
originated here and extended to Lin
coln park." The story will be com
plete when it is known what became
of the cow that objected to being
milked by lamplight.
lncreastng IRtpitdly.
In 1890 there were nearly 4.000.010
women and girls among the class
called wage-earners in the United
ttates. 'Iheir number has increased
in ten years over 1,200,0J0., o~ more
than 41 per cent. In the various
branches of trade the increase in
female empioyes was 263 per cent.
'his is due to the rapid utilization of
women as accountants, cashiers,
clerks, stenographers, typewriters,
and the like. Durine thesame period
the number engaged in the profess
lone show a great increase, in many
instances the percentage of increase
being far larger for women than for
men.
Skinny Sufferers Saved.
Tobacco uses ass a rule are away telow nor
mal weight Lbecause tobacco destroys digestion
and causes nerve irritation that saps brain pow
er and vitality. You can get a quick, guaranteed
relief by the use of No To-lac. and then if you
don't like your freedom and improved physical
condition you can learn the use of tobacco over
again, just like the first time No-To-Bac sold
under guarantee to cure by Drlggists every
where. Book free. Address Sterling Memedy
Co., New York City or Chicago.
A Long Jump.
Nearly everyone who looks out of
the window of the Washington monu
ment wants to know if anyone evern
committed suicide by jumping off.
Nobody ever did and as far as can be
ascertaine4 nobody ever wanted to.
The only thing that ever did jump off
the monument was a cat. It seems
that when the monument was being,
built a cat climbed the scaffold and
when it had reached 500 feet decided
it was high enough and jumped off.
According to the legend the cat
reached the ground unhurt and was
settling its fur when a wandering dog
killed It.
A 8000 APPETITE
Indicates a healthy condition of the sys
tem and the lack of it shows, that the
stomach and digestive organs are weak
and debilitated. Hood's Sarsaparilla has
wonderful power to tone and strengthen
these organs and to create an appetite.
By doing this it restores the body to
health and prevents attacks of disease.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is the only true blood purifier promi
nently la the public eye today.
Hood's Pills iuher.Ise '
fo your
W on
w? e Mee
,sbs rSa
aat am
* ASI YOUR DRUGGIST FOR *
aTHE BEST*
INVALIDS
* .AS t.ini w 1 . *
UitMa m *stletlom, head- t
ashe, /tesotappetite, uslas to the
sheular blade or lolns diseol
eed 1~a e*Febells, chills sad
pwe see aSgne of desasle
liW. Callin Agme Cure is a a
ualhag me. It has no equal
"All t uaggists It.
I
..-. -1%
DOUOIN( WATERSPOUTS.
OUvely Times for a Steamship and a
Flock of Mother Carey's ChbLeas.
A waterspout struck the British
steamship Ferndene south of Cape Hat
teras on May 25th, and the deluge of
water which was poured on her decks
nearly made a clean sweep of every
thing movable. The Ferndene ar
rived here yesterday with a cargo of
sugar from Cardenas and Maltanzas,
and Capt. Millburn told the story of
her rough usage by the spout. On
the afternoon of May 25th. when the
Ferndene was to the southward of
:'ape Hatteras, numerous waterspouts
were sighted, traveling rapidly in dif
ferent directions, and the course of the
vessel had to be changed frequently
in order to keel) out. of their way.
Sihifting winds and numerous sudden
squalls added to the difficulty of avoid
ing the waterspouts, and the steamer
had had several narrow escapes before
finally she was struck. About 5
a'clock, just as Capt. Millburn came on
(ldeck, he saw that one of the water
spouts was rapidly whirling toward
the Ferndene. and it was impossible to
avoid a collision, so the captain shout
ed to all hands to drop flat on the
deck in order to escape being swept
overboard. With a rush and a roar
the great column of whirling water
struck the vessel and broke, tons of
water deluging her decks. The boats
wain of the vessel, who had not heard
the command of his captain, was
hurled from the bridge and dash,ed
against the wheelhouse, and seriously
injured. He was carried to the cabin
by his shipmates and his injuries were
found to be of a most serious charac
ter. Several others were badly bruised
and had bones broken. Peculiar at
mospheric conditions were noticed be
fore and after the vessel was struck.
There was a strong smell of gas, as if
submarine disturbances had something
to do with the appearance of the water
spouts. No rain had fallen for two
days, but soon after the spout disap
peared the rain began to fall in tort
rents from an apparently cloudless
sky. Capt. Millburn said that twen
ty or thirty "Mother Carey's chickens"
had been following the steamer for sev
eral days and they were seen flying
astern just before the vessel was
struck. Evidently some of them were
caught by the waterspout, for when the
deluge subsidedy there were many
feathers on the decks and the birds
had disappeared from sight.-Philadel
)hia Record.
TED THROUGH HIS SIDE.
A St. Louis Man Has an Artificial Mouth
Into His Stomach.
There is one man in St. Louis who is
unable to take nourishment in the or
itnary way, and is fed through a hole
in his side The patient is William
Kaselow, seventy years of age, who
was operated upon at his home, corner
,f Manohester road and Grand avenue,
last Saturday, says the Chronicle.
Kaselow has an aneurism of the aorta.
For six months he has been sustained
entirely upon liquid food. Lately his
condition grew very serious, and for a
.eriod of five days preceding the opera
tion it was impossible for him to take
#my nourishment whatever. Dr. Joseph
L. Bauer, assisted by Drs. Louis Bauer,
W. V. Kingsburg and J. D. Nifong,
operated upon him. It was impossible
for the surgeons to diagnose the case,
but the supposition was that a cancer
o'as growth had formed in the stomach.
Repeated attempts had been made to
open the esophagus, but without suc
cess. After an entrance had been made
into the stomach a large tumor of the
acrta, just above the esophagus, was
found. It was so situated as to pre
vent food from passing. It was Im
possible, however, to remove the tumor,
as that would have resulted in the
eatient's death. The problem which
the surgeons had to solve was how to
nourish the patient. An artifcial
mouth was made, and through this he
will be fed. Last night for the first
time since the operation he was sup
slled with nourishment. His diet here
after will be wholly liquid, as anything
requiring mastication could not be
digested. Dr. Joseph L. Bauer, in
speaking of the case yesterday, said
that Kaselow could probably be ke.pt
alive for years.
Cheras Grls ase a se rprise.
This year the members of the sopho
more elas of Rutgers College resolved
to vary the mual monotony of the cre
mation celebration. The effect of the
starttling ilnnovation introduced by the
bold students upon the crowd that
thronged the elrcus grounds to witness
the rlteas attending the annihilation of
"Analytlas" was more than startling.
Beretofore it has been the custom for
the college men to show. their agility
ii celebhrating their release from the
thraldom of old "Analyties" by par
tcipating la a ballt dance as a part
of the ceremonmtal. The committee
sonaidered this too tame, snd promised
a surprise. At the time for the ap
erMace of the ballet a scre of bright
ooryphees from New York pironetted
in the foreground. The latest novel
ties in high kicking and acrobatles
were given in bewildering succession.
It was a revelation to the staid de
sacendants of the Dutch. Many of
them were shocked by the aetions ofI
the dancers, and the wily collegians
ire being eamured tfr their audacity.
the whi mnot b em
Sixty FMrn age Joseph Ollett was a
kiornlg Jveir in Birmtinama. One
-ay he.eldemtnaly spilt me of his ~e
steet teels, sad belas madenly re
aied t si·a aea lt a aet ga ding I
a quill pm hady, he used the spllt
ttas a aubstitute. The happy and- a
Myt. _ a
Hie Will Not DIrowl imselft
(From the Troy, N. Y., Times.)
R. W. Edwards, of Lansingburgh, was
lrostrated iby sunstroke during the war
tllud it has entailed on him peculiar and
serious consequences. At present writing
Mr. E. is a prominent officer of I'ost Lyon.
(. A. It.., ('oboes, and a past aid-de-camp
on the staff of the coummander-in-chlef of
Allany Co. In an interview with a re
lorter, be said:
"I was woundeI and sent to the hospital
at Winche-ter. 'l hey sent me together
with others to \Vashington-a ride of
about 100 miles. Having no room in the
lox cars we were placed face up on the
bottom of flat cars. The sun beat down
upon our unprotected heads. When I
reached Washington I was insensible and
was unconscious for ten days while in the
hospital. An albscess gathered in my ear
and broke; it has been gathering and
breaking ever since. The result of this 100
mlle ride and sunstroke, was, heart dis
ease, nervous prostration, insomnia and
rheumatism; a completely shattered sys
tem which gave me no rest night or day.
As a last resort 1 took some Pink Pills and
they helped me to a wonderful degree. My
rheumatism is gone, my heart failure,
dyspepsia, and constipation are about
gone and the abscess in my ear has
stoppet discharging and my head feels
as clear as a bell when before it felt as
though it would burst and my once shat
teretl nervous system is now nearly sound.
Look at those fingers," Mr. Edwards said,
-do they look as if there was any rhenma
tism there ' He moved his fingers rapidly
anti freely and strode about the room like a
vouting boy. "A year ago those fingers
were gnarled at the joints and so stiff that
1 could not hold a pen. My knees would
swell up and I could not straighten my leg
out. My joints would squeakwhenlmoved.
"I cannot Iegin to tell you," said Mr.
Edwartls. as he drew a long breath, "what
my feelings is at present. I think if you
lifted ten years right off my life and left
me prime and vigorous at forty-seven I
could feel no better. I was an old man
and could only drag myself painfully about
the house. Now I can walk off without any
trouble. That in itself," continued Mr.
Edwards, "would be sufficient to give me
cause for rejoicing, but when you come to
consider that I am no long what you might
call nervous and that my heart is appar
ently nearly healthy and that I can sleep
nights you may realize why I may appear
to speak in extravagant praise of Pink
Pills. These pills quiet my nerves, take
that awful pressure from niy head and at
the same time enrich m) blood. There
seemed to be no circulation in my lower
limbs a year ago, my legs being cold and
clammy at times. Now the circulation
there is as full and as brisk as at any
other part of my body. I used to be so
light-headed and dizzy from my nervous
disorder that I freequently fell while cross
ing the floor of my house. Springis coming
and I never felt better in my life, and I am
loouing forward to a busy season of work."
Its Skes a Difference.
It is noticed that even a short resi
dence in the United States makes a
marked change in the conditions and
standards of the immigrant. Scandi
navian passengers sometimes revisit
their old homes after a sojourn in
this country. They usually take the
steerage passage on the eastward
voyage, but the second cabin on the
return westward voyage. The east
ward steerage passage they flo: clean
and comfortable, but the recollection
ol the ill-smelling steerage of their
first trip to America drives them to
the second oabin. These people as
cribe the difference between the east
ward and westward steerage passage
to the difference in the cleanliness of
the immigrants that have lived in the
U'nited States. It' is to be added,
however, that in days not long ago
the number of westward bound pas
sengers greatly exceeded the number
of eastward bound, and doubtless it
is the cleanliest and most intelligent
of original immigrants who are able
to revisit their old homes. The con
dition of human beings shipped like
cattle Is not the same as those who
travel for pleasure.
A Level Head.
General Booth, the Salvation Army
leader, in reviewing his work in this
country, has many kind words to say
concerning the newspapers. IHe did
not imagine the press could do much
goo, even if it wanted to, and cer
tainly he did believed that it wanted
to. The newspapers have changed
their opinion of Gen. Booth just as he
has changed his opion of the newopa
pers. The old idea that he was a
wild-eyed fanatic, whose sole object
was to gain notoriety, has been aban
doned, now that the American people
have become more familiar with Gen.
Pooth's methods and objects, and
what he thinks of America is best
shown by his act in applying for nat
uralization as a citizen of the United
States.
The O.ly Serviaor.
In 1856 a band of Sioux Indians
raided a little colony of settlers who
had built cabins on the shore of Lake
Okoboji, in Iowa ' They massacred
all of the unfortunates except three
young girls, one of whom. Miss Abbie
(;ardner. is still alive, the only sur
vivor of the tragedy. bhe now has
a museum L InJdian relies in the
idontical cabi ti at was her home at
the time of the massacre. Miss
Gardner has secured from the lowa
legislature an appriation of $7000 for
a monument to mark the spot, and
it is to be dedicated with due cere
mony.
Rat.' Teeth.
The teeth of rats are kept sharp by 5
a very peculiar provision of nature.
The outer edge of the incisors is coy
ered with a layer of enamel as hard -
as flint, while the under side is much
softer. 'The layers of enamel on the
undeg side, therefore. wear away
much faster than on the upper sur
face, and a keen cutting edge is al
ways presented.
Psenty . APniOteae,.
There were forty applicants for the
place of fulminate mixer at the Win
chester arms works since the last
mixer was killed by an explosion.
The place is worth t(0 a week for
four hours a day work. William Lax
ton got. the plaee. His chief recom- a
meadrlatee is that he has not a rela
tive in the world. Thb OccupltOq bi
exceedsigly hma,4n,
Last WMan WI Hard.
There are sixty-two trades unions
in San Francisco. and, according to
the local papers, not one accepted the
invitation of the executive committee
to parade on the national holiday.
Several of the unions formally
voted not to do so. The reasons given
for this attitude are peculiar. The
secretary of the Cost Seamen's union
said that -"many in his union are need
ir, clothes and do not care to parade
their poverty."' The president of the
Paker s union ob~ecteato parading be.
cause he stated that the executive
committee had given out the contract
for music to the lowest bidder. The
president of the Iron Molder's union
said that his union would not parade
because --the people of the head of
the celebration are not in sympathy
with the iron molders." The presi
dent of the Carpenters and Joiners'
union told a reporter that -.the capi
thlists who were heading the celebra
tion were very willing to let them
march with them one day in the year
and be hostile to them the other three
hundred and sixty-four days."
Knew Her i stlness.
It is reported that Kanidia, a Kick
apoo squaw, took a shotgun and held
up the contractors of the Choctaw
railway. in Oklahoma, and all his
men, and would not let them build a
foot of track in her allotment until a
bond of $2U01) was put up as a guar
antee for damages. The company re
fused a day or two ago to arbitrate
with her, and when the men arrived
on the ground she met them with her
shotgun with the above result. Lo!
the poor Indian. could have been
bought off with a jug of whisky; not
so the red sister, who knows the ways
of the white invader.
Only a Few Preserved.
Of the few genuine relics of Shake
speare preserved in his native town
the most Interesting are his signet
ring, with his initials, ',W. S.," on
it, and the desk at which be sat in
the grammar school at Stratford.
The average number of visitors to
the poet's home and church is 23,000
a year, of whom 6000 are said to be
Americans.
A Large Bonus.
The Berlin Street Car company
paid $250,000 into the treasury of the
city for the privilege of crossing the
principal avenue, Unter den Linden,
at one point.
"'pnt for Hats.
A New York hatter, who "keeps
his finger on the hat pulse of the
world." says that th5 men of the
United States spend "300.000,000 a
year for headgear.
For lachelors.
A little machine for sewing on but
tons, just invented is likely to prove
a boon to bachelors.
If man dies without money, his relatives
will Lury him, but not for love.
Old Heads and Youne Hearts
You sometimes see conjoined in elderly in
dividuals, but seldom behold an old man or
woman as exempt from infirmities as in
youth. But these infirmities may be mitt
gsted in great measure by the daily and regu
lar use of Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, an In
vigorant. anti-rheumatic and sustaining medli
cinoe of the highest order, which also removes
dyspepsia, constipation, biliousness and Kid
ney trouble. It is adapted to the use of the
most delicate and feeble.
That which is called civilization is often
a mistake.
When Thavellag,
Whether on pleasure bent, or business,
take on every trip a bottle of Syrup
of Figs, as it acts most pleasantly and
effectually on the kidneyS, liver and
bowels, preventing fevers, headaches
and other forms of sickness. For sale
In 60c and $1 bottles by all the leading
druggists. Manufactured by the Call.
fornia Fig Syrup Co., only.
There is a man in Kansas too lszy to
shake when the ague gets him.
The more eon see Parkes's Olger Tomle
themere ltse soed qualities are revesled In dIspellIng
eolds, iadlgeeton, paln aed every ad of westeas.
Thrice is he already armed whose con
tention is just.
Walklig weaol oftes be a pleasure
were it not for the cras. These pets arteeselly r
m--vei with Uiadereases. Shc, at drsggste
Pride, a most dangerous of faults, pro
ceeds from want of sense and thought.
HEALS
RUiNNINC
S
OURES ru
SERPENT!8
STINO
- !
s8. Obsta
tae sores and
Sthe pt 011iad IM th system
I euse the mephi sad whillsky baets sa
sr a poeltve Imarsatee fer U; the U baeee
habit for s. Pareet ef re seat rveson reqest
Endorsed by three peestmsters isa the stae of
ss Tdase I  ,r I, LIMom,
tEMmS MAKE $ A tsSMAY i. hbeeadee"
5n sepil esl mentab ineqile, Wee messes ma
.toga C.A n ..mt, ans ehs ,s, N, panee s
W-,. 0 pmsewsst as s O3WWoua, LA.
ist sse, oal 5eN , Iih see Oestsr, l
Righest of all in Leavening Power.-Latest U. S. Gov't Report
Ikal Baking
R Powder
ABSOLUTELY PUIE
Oil the love.
A novel cause for seeking a divorce
is given by Mrs. E. 1'. Jennings of
C'hicago. She is a slight, mitld!,
aged woman, who declares she is
worn out Ly her husband's abnormal
lisposition to move rather than pay
rent. For the twenty-fifth time in a
brief period,. it is chargel, Mr. Jen
nings came home and repeated his
Sld remark: -.Well. May, the mov
ing van will be here ti,-morrow at 7
a. m. I think you had better pack
up." Mrs. Jenning, says she has
worn herself out acting upon this re
mark of her husband, and she thinks
she should be given an opportunity
to live in one place long enough to
get acquainted with it. No doubt
her plea will be successful. It is
about time for Mr. Jlennings to move,
and the woman thinks she should be
excused from participating in the
next one.
A (Goo I Snake Lttory.
Some of the farmers in the Con.
necticut valley have been having an
exciting time in a big snake hunt.
The snake is a big python, which
escaped from Blarnum's show, and he
has been prowling aoujt among the
farms, eating the strawberries, drink
ing the milk, and even, according to
the report, trying to swallow the
cows. One strawberry raiser asserts
that the snake took at least 10)
pounds of his fruit, and another lost
nine gallons of milk at a single sess
ion, while other losses are reported.
A hunting party of farmers, armed
with clubs and pitchforks, pursued
the snake, but he took to the river
and calmly swam away.
"'anson's Magit Cora Salve."
Warranttl to ulre or ,toney refunda. Ask youi
nruggist tfr IL l' ice Ic cLnts.
Man will continue to sin so long as time
shall last.
JITS--All Ft stopped free hy Dr. K Ilne's lreat
serve Rtestorer. INo Fitelafr t he tint lrda 'o u,.
7arvelouscure.. TreatimeanI g2trial ltoottl" fra t
'l&eare baud tou r. Kllut531 Archat..Yhtla,li'
There is no economy in doubling up with
rrampts to save medicine.
CONDI'CTOR E D. I.OOMIS. Detrolt.Mtch..
says: "The effect of Hall, t atarrh Cure Is
wonderful." Write him about It. Sold by
Druggists, T7c.
A peacb tree loaded with ripe fruit is not
the proper place to tie a dog.
' -
Old Rip Van Winkle went up into the
Catskill mountains to take a little nap of
twenty years or so, and when he wakened,
he found that the "cruel war was over,"
the monthly magazines had "fought it
over" the second time and "blown up"
all the officers that had participated in it
This much is history, and it is also an his
lorical fat that, it took the same length of
time, for Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Dis
covery to become the most celebrated, as
it is the most effective, Liver, Blood and
Lung Remedy of the age. In purifying the
blood and in all manner of pimples
blotches, eruptions, and other skin and
scalp diseases, scrofulous sores and swell
ings, and kindred ailments, the "Golden
Medical Discovery" .manifests the most
Miliwe curative properties.
tHll Your Wife
that you have
read that Clair
ette Soap is
one of the
greatest labor
saving inven
tions of the
time. Tell
her that it
will save her
strength, save
her time, save.
her clothes. p
The merits of
CLAlRETTE SOAP.
ppeal at once to every thoughtful woman. It's the best, purest, and
most economical soepto be procured. Soldeverywhere. Made only by
The N. t. Fairbank Company, St. Louis.
Cabled Field and cabu P"ur, are.aid Rabbit Fece,
Steel Web Picket Lawn Fence. elr c u'll'
Hod Fencel eAtcls PRLKFSILOW. ('atalogukFR'IrEl,
Hog Fe n ce, D Kalb Fooce Co., 121 High St.. De Kalb, ,Il.
Ralas with the bela l osless College In the t' rte
State. Upaessvely equipped. Three ce,'ll banks.
lasfaalti moaney can ea.c; .00 stdccnts pall
yaW tfrom f@o5Wn stateo. Gradusten In D,,tItt(liV
Pf tO n l monthL. Awarded M) gld edLak t
sand pry itms Dallas and other tltate falr
f-ae A ddrless I ILL. 11L. rtseas$. Waeo, Tesa
HAIR SAS M
..a bi.mei. Th. ki&
* hzur-ut puW"
The ()lymplc clu(b 1 ( ('alifornia nai
declared that the bltue ay ,nust ,,e
exterminated in that -ta;o,. ani ar.
inviting sportsmen to co-o,,erat, with
them by shooting the ,iris u \i'rever
found. It is a beautiful bird,. bit it
i \erv fond of eat.n': tit, ei ,,f
other birds, and in tli is way dti
much to prevent the prolpai..iat:on ,of
game of birds. It is prtihu.arly de
structise to ,1uails.
114l HBrown of I)alton.
I y the simp:u \\ inIe of ('ardu ' T'reat
nment of lemale ilC I-,:s, tlhousands of
al:icted women are re-tordi tu health
etery year. It correets the mnnstrual
irregularities from whiih :nearly all
women suffer, and is beingm utinersaiy
used for that purpo-e inow.. Ask your
druggitt for Mceilree's \ inc of Car
dui. Speaking of this cui'ts o' women
diseases, Mliss Laura i'. Brown, of
Dalton. Ga., says: "1 hale b, en suf
fering from excessive menses for two
years, constantly getting Aore., and I
feel that McElree's Wine of (`ardui
has saved my life. I looked forward
to each month and thought I could
not endure such misery another time.
I can't express my gratitude for the
wonderful relief.'
IRelatives of -atan are always a.Li;ng i'o
ple to give the devi! his due.
_ Notice.
I want every man and woman In the
United States who are interested in the
opium and whisky habits to have one of
my ibo,,ks on these diseas-e. AllTress, B.
M. Woollev, Atlanta, Ga., lar 37;, and one
will be sent you free.
A desire to get married is what cunti
tutes an e!igible man.
If the Baby as Cutting Teeth.
Re sure and uie that old and well tried lr me. I,, Mas.
WsLaw ' SooTUalixo ur for Childien rtething
Even the angel Gablriel has been accused
of blowing his own horn.
We think I'iso's (ure for ('Consunption
is the only medicine for ('oughls-Jr.CNsl
I'nlkxARn, Springfleld, Ills , Oct. 1, 1:J4.
The present idea of a thrifty girl is one
who does up her own shirt waist.
SRaphael, Angelo, lKutaln. Tasms
The ".INENE" are the Beet and Most gEronomi
ral Collars and Ctffs worn : they are made of fine
cloth. both aides finishedl alike, and. it-ing eve'rl
ble. one collar is equal to tw,, of any ,,tlih kind)
They lit well, 'rear i, ll and Iol ,well. A box of
Ten Collarsor Five Pairs ofCuffs for Twenty Five
Cents.
A Sample Collar and Pair of Cuffs by unyil for
Six C'ents. Name style anil site. Adds es
I REVERSIBLE 'IOLLAIR (COMPANY.
TI Frankln St.. New York. 27 KilbY St.. R&ston.
NEEDLES, (Fo "" "a " "n"'
SHUTTLES, The" Tra "lllt
REPAIRS. ,s,, I.LI ... It...
VAPORATING FRUIT
C b AMsf1LAMairAUVA- URP4O"4 big .
on Iut, Wa'ynesboro, P.
FOUNDERS AND AClilNISTS ,,' ;A.e-..
Shop. Compnlresses. Flour M31;,. WaterworkLs
ClOti Mills. 1iens. lee Plants. Kiectrte I.ght. ".&
resairs. Write us. Mosher .1' 'g Co. l)Daes
W N U DALLAS 30.95
When Answering Advert sements KinJly
Mention this Paper.
liSB Tbtis G.J Vu
is{I druwguti~e