It is claimed that paper-pulp water
pipes have beep tried in London with
success. Besides being durable and in
expensive, they are free from the us
ual corroding influences affecting metal
pipes, and, moreover, are free from the
electrolytic effects of the electric cur.
rent employed in street railway sys.
tema
The Cincinnati Times-Star can't un
"derstand the local project to "cut a
new ship canal a mile in length for
$10,000,000 and sell one mile of the
lower end of the Chicago river for $15,
000,000." Why. the smell alone- would
sell for more than that to any fertilizer
factory.
Sheer Desperation.
SA'VANN;, G~A,
J. T. SfUPTRIrs. City.
Dear Sir:--"everal physicians treated me
without success for what they pronounced a
stubborn case of eczema. In adiliton to this
I have tried every so-called remedy that was
suggested to me, but nothing did me the
slihtiest good until in sheer desperation I
tried your TzTrERINE This effected what
seems to be a PEnRMANENT cure, and I take
;pleasure in testifying to its merits." Respect
Tully yours, ISAAC G. Hada.
I box by mail for 50c. in stamps.
Physician, Poet and Inventor.
It is seldom that nature endows one man
with such diversity of talents in such pre
eminent degree as in the case of Dr. O. T.
Dozier. of Birmingham, Ala.; but with him
excellence is the mark and stamp of his
genius in everything he attempts. His many
inventions and the works of his facile pen
have brought him fame and a just reward
for his work. But it is as a healer of the sick
that his greatest reputation has been won.
Thousands of men and women, who have
been cured by him, attest his wonderful
skill, while hardly a paper published in the
south has failed to commend and indorse him
to its readers. He is indeed a remarkable
man. ablessin to our people, and the whole
south is proud of him as one of lher most
glfted sons. His card appears elsewhere in
this issue and should be read by our -very
reader and clipped out and kept for future
reference.
JsT try a 10c. box of Cnrcnrotp the fano
liver and bowei regulator ever :uade5
STATI or OnIo, CITY or TOLEDO, l
a LuoAS COUNTy .
FkANK J. C lcNEY makes oath that he is the
senior partner of the firmnof F. J. CU.NEY &
Co., doing business in the City of Toledo,
county and State aforesaid, and that said firm
will pay the sum of ONE HUNDRED DOL
LARS for each and every case of C tarrh that
6annot be cured by the use ,f HALIr,'s CATAR! Ra
CURS. FtANKI J. OCNEY.
>worn to before me and subscribed in my
presence, this 6th day of lecemb u r, A. D. 188
saL j A. W. GLEASO*i,
ti'" Notnotl Publfe.
Hall's Catarrh Care lstaken internally and acts
directly on the blood and mucous surfaces oe
the system. Send for test:montals, free. •
F. J. Cn E Y & Co., Toledo. O0
'B8old by Dru rsas. I'U,
Hall's Family Pills are the best.
Don't Tobacco Spit and Smoke Your Lire t
Away.
If you want to quit tobaoto usin, easily'and
forever, regain lost manhood, be made well,
Strong msanetic, full of new life and vigor,
take Noo-To.Bac, the wonder-worker that c
makes weak men strong. Many, gain ten a
P d8 in ten days. Over 400,000 cured. Bay
-oTo~.ao from your own dtraglst. Under
lbsglte uatantee to cute. Book and sample
ree.a Addroe. iterling Remedy Co., Chlongo
or New York.
A woman who has passed thirty thinks all
other young women must be twenty-seven,
anymway.
Do you wish to know how to l:ave no steam, and
not half the usual work on wash-da, Ask your
grocer for a bar of blobbint' Electrie Soap, and the
directions will tell yoa how. Be sure to get no imits.
tion. There are lots of them.
Sootohmen have almost entire control of
the stone cutting industries of New York.
CAsaAlwra stimumulate liver, kldneys and bow.
els. Never sicken, weaken or gripe. 100.
hI'iatol pped freeandperman«nttyeured. No
Sa afster pArset da'sd use of Da. KItItt 's.GUA
UnlvRwekouaL . Free t rial hottleandtreat,
fie. lend to Dr. Kline. 01 Arch St.. Phila., Pa.
I believe Fiso's Cure for Consumption saved
my boy's life last summer.-mnas. ALLUM
Dovoreass, LeRoy, ,Ach., Oct. 20· ~ 1Lt.
r4 h'lionsu or costive, eat a Casaret,
4,R4e tthrtac, cure guarantee#d, le., 26e.
..~ t Winsilnw's oothicn Syrufeorchildreu
ttng softens the ums, reduces intlama.
a"tionallayrs pala, ouares irind colic. 2c. a bottle.
+Catarrh
Ijust assmrely a disease of the blood ua is
se.oru.'I So sey the best authodites.- How
fobSlifit its, then, to expect a cure from
u1  lahal~. ante, eo. Tme sensible course o
Ii to puity your blopd by takhing the "
S bst ibood pur!er, Hood's arearrll. te
-Ft ' mredlilne has psrmciently'teurEg C
S lin ioultitusde of oase. It goes to "r
t rioet of the trouble, which is impure
It ,d " Remember "
. _._"_rnre.
IiALIlNaKT SORES
h TE a l. oodPwisK . po
tomen. women I m
.IgjertenUA noIcS O
iht
CUBAN CHiLDREN,
TIlE LIr'E THIEY LEAD ON TIIE
IVAR-RENT' ISLAND.
Love of Country Instilled Into Them
-Their School Education-Con
fined Closely to Their homes
-Their Amusements.
WHEN Columbus first landed
in a Cuban harbor Octo
ber 28, 1492, he named
the island he had dis
covered Juana, in honor of John, a
son of Ferdinand and Isabella. As
years have rolled on years and cen
turies have passed away it is interedt
ing to observe that while Spain has i
gradually lost her hold on the western
hemisphere, she has always kept an I
outstretched hand upon Cuba, her a
Se h
I I;
The island was taken by an English to
fleet under Lord Albemarle, in 1762, p
but was rk-etoreild to the Spaniards by Cf
the terms of the treaty of Paris in SI
17638. Since the early days of the th
present century Cuba has been under a
the officialdom of captains general pr
appointed by Spain, but in more ra
recent years many troubles arose be- to
tween the native Cubans and the G(
Spanish, and the island has become a va
very unruly child, as the revolution an
of 1808 and the rebellion now raging yo
on the unhappy land attest. an
I Ak o
CHILDREN AT HOME IN CUUA.
Since the outbreak of the insurgents
for freedom from Spanish rule began,
something more than a year ago, Cuba
and the Cubans have filled with glit"
tering display the columns of Ameri
can newspapers, and as the opposing
armies proceed with the war, surmise
as to the future of the island becomes
a perplexity. Whatever may be the
result of the insurrection, surely we
must look alter all to the children of
Cuba for the best study of her future,
just as we must look to the youth of
any land to get the surest idea of its
possibilities and its destiny. Countries
are what men make them, and the
power and force-of nationalities are
measured by the worth of the individ
ual citizens. If Cuba should win her
freedom and hoist her lone star flag
into the constellation of National en
signs, would it not rest with the rising
generations of the island whether that
flag should wave over a land of peace,
contentment and prosperity, or
whether it should fall drooping from
hands too weak to uphold it? And if
the war should result in a triumph
for Spain, would not the question of
Cuba's future still rest' largely with
the youth of the land to be wrought
out for weal or for woe?
S0?s rwmex mAiarLES.
In.'sb a. ligbht there is a world of
° jo the study of the lives that
iriahldre. lead--their simple
Ai rna Lth; their habits, thein
, the. daily doings and
tA o :o4.'skild l e It is but fair
i .,. filand beve best poor
twthe.I oi g the
born
of distnrlxance. The old feud between
the native Cubans and the Spanish has
never died since the war of 1868. It
E may have been smothered like live
coals beneath the ashbank, but there
has been a round of internal discord
all the while. So long as such a state
of affairs is endured by the people of
any country, be it far more advanced
in every way than was Cuba, it is diffi
cult to give that care to the training
of children they should have, and they
grow up with slihn chance of being
well educated and with condicting im
1 pulses of patriotism and disobedience
to the Nation under whose rule they
must meet the duties of citizenship.
Love of country is the first lesson
of childhoo:l so far as the making of
Nations goes, and this certainly is a
well learned lesson with the youth of
Caba. When a filibustering boat
landed on the Cuban shore not long
ago with numbers of youthful in
surgents aboard, though they had
lived several years in the States, they
hurried from the vessel and fell upon
the ground and kissed the very soil of
their native land.
The second lesson of citizenship in
childhood is loyalty to National Gov
ernment. This the children of Cuba
have never had, for they have nearly
all caught from infancy an inspiration
of disobedience to Spanish rule. This,
of course, with reference to the native
Cubans as distinct from the Spanish
citizens who claim the island as their
adopted home, having moved there
:Jom Spain.
With such environment it is easy to
cee that the livesof the young people
bf Cuba of the present day have been
pitched in poor season. Nevertheless,
it must not be deducted from this that
the young folks are growiug up in il
literacy to any extraordinary degree.
in Cuba there is a system of public
schools supported by the Spanish Gov
ernment, and while it is not as com
plete and thorough as it might be, of
fers liberal advantages, particularly
to the children of the larger cities and
towns. Maniy of these schools are not
patronized very largely by the native
Cubans, because of the antagonism to
Spanish oflicialdom. Thus, it is often
the case that native Cuban families of
a ncighborhood will mutually hire a I
private teacher for their children 1
rather than send their boys and girls
to an institution established by the
Government. 'The Universitad at Ha. -
vana is well patronized by the Cubans,
and this institution has given many a
young man a good practical education
and skill for professional life. There
are in Havana several other institu
tions for higher education and also
many schools and asylums established
by churches and benevolent institu
tions. But, in times of feudal strife
and dissension, schools and colleges do
not-cannot prosper, nor can they be
expected to fulfil their desired scope
of usefulness and jurisdiction. As a
oonsequgnce, among the wealthier
class of Cubans it is quite frequently
the case that they send their boys to
the States to be educated at the lead -
ing universities and colleges of this
country.
Young children are made to stay
pretty close at home on the island. It
is well known that in Cuba, as; in most
of the Spanish-American countries,
girls and young women are never seen
on the streets unless they are under
strict chaperonage of their mothers,
or some friendly matron. This same
restriction is placed over the children
to a greater or less extent, though of
course it is not so by any well under
stood decree or National custom, as in
the case of young women. The dwell
ings are for the most part low on the
ground and the spacionis doorways as
a rule have iron railings or gates.
Through these iron bars little chil
dren are often seen peeping out at the
peddlers or other attractions in the
streets.
The religion of the island is'Roman
Catholicand, of course, the younw peoe
ple of Cuba are reared in the faith of
this church.
In the world of amusements, games
and out-of-door sports the children
find recreation in pretty much the I
same way that they do in this coun-I
try. They easily learn to fly a kite I
and spin a top, and baseball is a favor
ite sport with them when they grow
larger. In such things as out-of
door sports the Cubans follow the
Americang very closely. The boys play
marbles everywhere in Cuba and they
have a peCuliar way of shooting the
marbles from their hands. In Amer- (
ica a boy will take the marble on his 2
forefinger a a rest and shoot it out I
with his thumb. ýn Cuba he will take c
it on the ll of his thumb and shoot t
it out with 'he forefinger.
`In eu & aT , pBesriace the Cuban .J
fad r'ia a1:f slender youth, audi a+
tic: a. _ 7 ei ,
ween for his age, but as rule they have very
i has bright faces, tinged with yellowish
It brown complexions, and all of them
live have very bright, piercing black eyes.
here The girls, or senoritas, are all win
cord some; some quite pretty and some
state beautiful to a minrked degree. They
le of all have the tiniest and dantiest of'
3ced feet and hands and are as graceful as
nin w i
Ihey
im-p n p , a
son
isa
t of a
)oat
ong -'
had THE C'IICKN DEALTI.
hey
pon veritable fairies. The senoritas are
1 of taught to dance when quite small and
the fancy dress balls of the children,
in where hundreds of boys and girls are
ov- paraded in pretty dances, are beat so
Iba cial events in Havana. The little girls
rly can do all the clever turns of the Terp
ion sichorean art, involving castanets anti
ise, tambourines, and many of them can
roe siDg with marvelous sweetness of tone
ish and great skill. Cuban girls are very
eir fond of fine, soft laces and wear
ere dainty mantillas over their black
tresses at all times. They are tught t
to fancy embroidery work at the schools
ple just as American girls are taught les.
Wen sons in text-books, and they become t
as, skilled to a degree of wondrous pro- l
rat ficiency in a very short time in mak- a
il. ing delicate bits of lice with their o
ee. fingers and needies.
lie The war in Cuba has driven bun
>v. dreds, if not thousands, of childern
m. from the island to this country. They t
of- are to be seen at the arrival of every o
ely ship clinging to their mothers, who t
nd come with them, leaving their fathers, "
Lot who have joined the ranks to fight for
va the freedom of the island, while the s,
to family seeks roefuge in the States. t(
en When the war ;s over the Cubans who 0
of come as refugees will probably all ,n
a return to Cuba, for they are a clan- a
on nish people and love their island home ti
rls so well they will rarely ever get b
he weaned away from their native land. I,i
[a. -Atlanta Constitution. tr
is, o w d'i
a
QUEER FISHII WITH FOUlt LtEGS, b
re' - - ,. sc
- Commonly Called a "'WVatrr Doi" and
Found in Itake Michigan.
iNov aCd then, says the Chicago
Times-Heralcl, the newspapers tell
about some unlucky sportsman who
has captured "a fish with legs." It is
sometimes asserted that the zoologists
have been consulted and have been
unable to identify the monster. Cl
Such game as this is not at all un
common in the region aibout Chicago.
The animal is, however, no fish, but ao
is a cousin of the salamander's, and ii
one of the lowest of the group of ani
male called batrachians. It goes by aj
the name of water dog. It may become b
a foot long and has a broad, flat tail, fa
four short legs, a wide month, and
three pairs of bushy gills. These gills
are not concealed as they are in ishe r,
but stand out from the head, The i
color of the water dog iq f shy brown,
and on the back are a number of dark
spots. It is a rather uncanny looking
creature, and the man who captures a
it, if not acquainted with it, may not
unreasonably look with suspicion on pe
his prizae. The fishermen usually fear
it, and believe it to be venomous. On
the contrary, l is wholly harmless,
oand it is doubtfnlif it can be provoked -
into biting. It certainly is not pois.
onous.
O This animal lives perhaps wholly in
Sthe water of riverts, ponds and lakes.
There it conceals itself, ot least during
e the day, under stones and other ob.
Sjects. Out of such lurking places it
a protrudes its head and watches for its
Sprey, The gills, which are of a
Sbeautifnlrgcarlet color,are kept waving
to and fro in the water. At night it
iprowls about seeking for food. It will WI
probably eat any living thing whc r
Cit can swallow,fishes, frogs and snails. rd
It sometimes devours large quantities. R
of the spawn of fishes. Some years V
ago, at Ecorse, Mich., about 2000 of -
these water dogs were taken in seine
at one haul. They had doubtless been
attracted to the spot by the sprawning
of the' white fish, for some of therm
were so gorged with fish eggs that,
when thrown on shore, the spawn flew
out of their months.
These animals do not depend wholly
on their gills for the air they need.
They frequently come to the surface
and gulp in air. They are found to
have quite well devel9ped lungs.
As a rule the batrachians possess
gills while they are in the tadpole
stage of life, but when this is past the
gills are lost. In some respects the
water dog remains a tadpole during *
its whole existence,
First American IRector.
Services were held the other day in
Christ Episcopal /Church, Stratford,
Conn., in commemoration of the la
200th anniversary of the birth of
Dr. Samuel Johnson, the first rector
of the church, and the frst American tom
to hold the position of rector of an as
Episcopal Church in the country. Dr. at;
Johnson was the first instruetor up
pointed, to Yale after that inatitutica YI
er'yj ONE WJiISAN' CASE.
ish
em A Common Malady and a Remarkable
'es. Cure.
in. Firom the Herald, Bos!on, Mass.
Mme When a grest, popular reomedy rises to
ley such remarkable success as to be a worthy
of theme of comment in a whole section it may
I s fairly be treatol as a matter of news rather
- than mere busincss, because it is in a sense a
public benefactor. In vi!:w of this fact a lady
reporter was deputed to investigate person
p ally the remarkable tonic and curative effects
which Dr. Williams' Pink Pills had shown,
particularly in cases of nervous weakness and
general debility, numerous instances of its
efficacy inthisclass having been noted, espe
cialiy in the vicinity of Boston.
A typical ealse was readily found in the
experience of Mrs. Mary A. Conway, living
on Erie steet, I)orcester. Mass., who had
been, accorning to her own testimony, suffer.
ing for a long time with physical and nervous
weakness, a'conipanied by palpitation of the
heart and irregularity of functions.
"It is true," she said, "that I have met
,with a remnackab!e restoration through the
ra use of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. For some
time I was completely run down, and the
nil care of a family was a great strain upon me.
n, My lips were white ana my heart palpitated
re so severely th:tt I could not go up and down
, stairs without great distress. My digestion,
too. was weak, and I can truly saythat I was
e stnit'erin, from a general lac): of vitality.
p 'I1 too' Pink Piils with misgivings. but
3d after taking only a s!nall qilantity 1 was
agreeably surprisao to find that they were
all and more than they had been described
to to be.
ry "From the very first timer of taking the
ar pills I began to notice their hbenetiial effect,
and I found myself gradually ant rapidly
overcoming the varied phlysical weaknesses
t that seirmc, to havo fastened upon me; my
lea whitelpli were restored to their normal
. tinge. I regained ro:or in my face, and as for
tht heart trouble 1 may say that it has com
10 plotely vanished, and I can now go up and
- down stairs without any palpita:tion what
k. ever. fioretofore I htt b:ack spe'cks before
tr y eyes and a tendency to dizziness, bht
now my head is clear and my vision is un
impaired.
i- "I shall continue to use the Pink Pills,"
n said Dirs. Conwray, "and to recommend them
to my friends. I have found them to do
Y great brnelit, and I llnd that Iheir use not
y only relieved me of tihe particular trouble
o which I had, but acted as a general tonic for
my whole systrm. It see:ns to me that the
more they are known tIh more they w.ll
come into general us:. for people have been
e so often deceived as to rcmedlics that claim
, to curo everything that they are glad to find
one that does exactly what is claimed forit."
Iuquirie.i of physicians and apothecari'es
In this section also indicate that suech cases
ý* a: that of Mrs. Conway are proving to be
a the prototypes of many others.
Dr. Will.an:s' Pink Pills for Pale People
are now riven to the public tis an unfailing
I. blood bnilIder and nervo restorer, curing all
forms of weals:;:es arising from a watery
condlition of the blod or sh uttered nerves.
The pills are sold by all dehsirs, or will be
sent pist pail on receipt of price, 50 cents a
box, or six boxes for $2.50 (they are naver
sold in bullt or by the 100) by addressing Dr.
Williams' Med. Co., Schenectady, N. Y.
Cotton.
With careful rotation of
crops and liberal fertilizations,
cotton lands will improve. The
application of a proper ferti
lizer containing sufficientl Pot
ash often makes the difference
between a profitable crop and
failure. Use fertilizers contain
ing not less than 3 to 4%
Actual Potash.
Kainit is a complete specific
against "Rust."
All about Potash-the resultsof its use b actual ex- t
pertnent on the best farms in the Unitedi States-is
told in a little book which we publsh and will gladly
mald free to any farmer in America who will write for it. o
GERMAN KALW\VORKS,
93 Nassau St, New York.
DEAFNESS
S An I Hetlad Noises relieved
i - by mtig W1,il~en's (m.ei
DE ra.n,*n' Enr Itrume.
A F NeW-c entflter Invention,
dltffercut from all other de.
D [vices. lThe only safe. sln.
Ple, comforts lo ao invlns
.8r lble oar Drum in the '
world. I111s where niedl- a
cal skill fals. No wire or
string attachment. Write r
afor pasmpklt. t lree.
WILSON EAR DRUM CO.,.
140 Tirust lfld., Louirville, Ky. I
te
SCHOOL sooKS.
THE PEOPLE CAN BUY
From us at WHOLESALE, PRnce, and
second-htnd books will be cheaper still,
Write for our catalogue and price list, .
free. .
fW. H. OWINOS, i
208 First Avenue, Birmingham, Ala. r
Why L~tYour Chickens,
Hlogs Cattle and Horses Die?
Dr. Salmon's MIedicltnes ar guaranteed to cure
and fatten the:t or irtoney refunded. If your dealer
cuannot supply you seit 25 cents for large sample -
iackmlteg anuit frnore's haurl-book of iafrmatlou.
VETERINARY MEDICINE CO ., SNashville, 'lenn
ANDY CATHARTIC
CUREL COIISTIPATION
; lt * * ALL
25 4 SO t DRUGGISIT
n pTE p A _1 t I I t a ca"eorconlptlopat . sCarts are the Ideal ".
ABI UU 1 ELY GUAe R e 1 ive.d naeer rlp s terpe. e eas natural .
pie sd bookletEee. Ad. STERLGO lREMEDY CO.. Chic ao. Montreal. Cat.. orNew  rk. en.
POOR M N'S ENCYCLPDI
PUBLISHINGO HOURS,
134 Leonard Street, N. Y. City, for t serves the purpdse of the peat euye*leOUlas
e ting a hundred times the 5lO. ased. It is completey Irdezed, makis the iltuaes
Lastantly avallable. With this vals-. able book you have a wla of kaewlrk
de at aot .ager.' ead, and can eastly spply a lack of aeay 4ig.
St ladvanbtages. Whena reading, don't you constanltly ceo* Aeoa NEt.
e*wasa yon tall to anderstand Isa't e. a emall moaant to pay for having suoh hknoweige
at Bhand De yon know who Craes was, and where he lived? Who bault the Py'smidS, sad
wh uThat rnd trtaves WI tet per asoondI What is the logest river ia the worldb .t
3Mar l P*veted the cmpassla I*W, and who )atos Pole wast What the Gordia
wasd T oo sthaedainea thouwandr st plantIaon of jut Q
ash ML sa swL r r.""
10
er
a
ly
n
Its
is
Gladness Comes
le W ith a better understanding of the
' V translent nature of the many phys.
ul ical ills which vanish before proper ef
r" forts-gentle efforts-pleasant efforts
Is rightly directed. There is comfort 1i
0 the knowledge that so many forms of
sickness are not due to any actual dis
t ease, but simply to a constipated condi
o tion of the system, which the pleasant
'r family laxative, Syrup of Figs, prompt
ly removes. That is why it is the only
d remedy with millions of families, andis
n everywhere esteemed so highly by all
1, who value good health. Its beneficlal
* effects are due to the fact, that it is the
one remedy which promotes internal
t cleanliness, without debilitating the
,e organs on which it acts. Itis thcrefoye
0 all important, in order to get its bens.
ficial effects, to note when you pur
chase, thatyou lave the genuine article,
which is manufactured by the California
Fig Syrup Co. only, and sold by all rep
s utable druggists.
v if in the enjcyment of good health,
I and the system is regular, then laxa
r tives or other rcmedies are not needed.
If afflicted with tcny actual disease, one
may be commended( to the most skillful
physicians, but if in need of a laxative,
then one should have the best, and with
the well-informed everywhere, Syrup of
Figs stands highest and is most largely
used and gives most general satisfaction.
1 -
DR. O. T. DOZIiR,
(The Ilenowued Snutherrll,r peoailt t.)
Ifirm insr'hamin, Ala..
Successfuly treats, at office or BY
MAIL AT YOURl OWN HOME, all
forms of Chronic, Nervous, Blood,
Skin and Private Diseases of Men and
Women.
CURES GUARANTEED.
All Chronic Diseases of Lungs, Liver
Hleart, Kidney-. Biadder, and all deieases of
the Genito-U'rinary organs are in my line of
practice. I)iseases peculiar to women, nod
S!I venereal diseases of either sex positively
cured by Hil and safe remiedles. lmpedi.
ments to marriage, as Stricture. Varlco.
cele, Impotenev. Emlissious and all evil re
suits of self-abuse or excessive Indulgence
quickly and permanently cured. I guaran
tee satisfaction In every case I treat, My
valuable "Book for Men Only." and Synmp
tom Blanks for mrn or women will be sent
free In plain, settled envelope to all who
apply. Consltntt;n free, whether in per.
son or by letter.
A FEW EXTRACTS FROM PRESS ENDORSEMEnTS
Hundreds more of like charater., and
thoutsands of high testimonials from pa.
tients can be furnished If necessary.
(Altlalta Conatilulitt l.l
Dr. O. T DorlPr, lthe head of the Solthern Modlc3
Dlspensary of Dlrenilgh,m. Ala.. Is a Ipeliallst C
Iearly twenty 3 ears' e xpere.nee it tile treatment up
chrorlec. nervous anud p,.lvlte d(lse :s flld his talln.
fornm sccess h ,s given lhinh a l.tdllol poattiota ili tlhe
mtedical ;rofes:ion.
(31nsonle CGilde.)
IDr. Dozier can be relled uepol to treat disease let
the most suecessful lancner, and hle I k:nown .d
orer thle soclth.
eThe Souttahrn OJd Fellow.t
We cannot ldd anrytellig 1o the reputlatio, Dr
O. T. . ozler ifas already nacuired ic the line of heW
profe.ssil,n, but 'we know Inti to heI ahrother Odd
e llow tlh t call be relled oc to carry out every
tromisS tee e maike to those ee lelug his services.
( tge Herald.)
* e * Dr. Dezter has red led for aIntay eanrs In
Birminghame, anid .chl successcre year las addedl to
Ibls reputatlon, lo his usfulntcess and to the esteeml
lin which he Is hel ly our best citizens. His laIg
record and apurovedt abilities entitle him to the
proud distienction of stasdluy at "the head of his
prolesslotu."
(reotile's Weekly rtibuln.i
As a perlcallst Dr. Dozier Is ucnexcelled by a:ty
Ilivllg phyvsilaln He Is O ,eorglan by blrth,
n hlghetoued, cr!turedl. ('hrlatihm gentleman, strictly
honest in it II ade dcilugs and Iluanclally responslhls
for all hil cont;s cts.
(DaIly News. ilrntlunahanel.'
Dr. Dozier is a physlielau and surgeo;l Ofi edncatlote,
skill sled experience, a man of rullttero and high
literary atltaluments atd a gentleaiuCIU respected by
all who klcow hllle li , can be rellied onl ie all I;li,
tere pertalulug to his profession.
(.\lshama Chrlitfan Advocate.)
Ills (Dr. Dozler'.c professional stanudnlg 19 unlm
pueachable and his character ra a geuntleuan and
citizen is above retr"';ch.
Addrets
l)I . O.T. DOZIER.
Lock BI- 11I', B'zRM'octIAt, ALA.
caecon Loaders Revolvers Dbti
8ingle,$3and~$6; Action, $; 2,
D'oubleSideLe- [ K2or 3. Prleol
or, $6: Top Leos E below everyone
*roompletel 5 Send slamps
Riies, $1.25. for eatalolgue.
II. & i. FOILMOM AIIMI CO., 814 D'way, N.Y.
PAITNTS 21 rears' erxprience. Send sketch
for ahlrei (.. fenue, lote prin. ex.
nmlner U. S. 'Palent ofce.) DIANE
&V AVEn, 1c.ll Ilii, W.bl ngtoo, D.C.
PPl0 l IUad W][I¥[ babits cared. Book set
IPL u . a--L WoOLL , ATKuA Qa.