LOUISIANA POPULIST.
Subscription $1.00 Per Year. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. Price
VOL. III. NATCHITOCIES, LA.. JANUARY 15. 1897 O
poc·mm, m II iA C IOK S iA. .dUB nj I8Y IiO 2a-m...
TI he "old guard" still lives. .
Now let. us have some prosperity.
A vote for principle is never lost.
The Sewall family seems to be in it
Inyway.
The democratic rooster didn't erou
this year.
If you would win in 1900 begin the
battle now.
They say a business boom has "sot
In;" let her boom.
Jones is almost equal to Cleveland
is a party wrecker.
There is no danger in an overpro
nuction of prosperity.
Kentucky seems to have hit it where
she missed it a year ago.
The republican party didn't seem to
be divided to any great extent.
If prosperity does come it will be a
good time to get out of debt. It won't
stay.
Let the work of education go on all
along the line of the St. Louis plat
form.
There id a strong suspicion that the
yellow-hammer democrats are mostly
republicans.
It is Worthy of note that Grover
dated his Thanksgiving proclamation
November 4th.
The best thing for the populists to
do now is to pull themselves together
for the next fight.
If there is anything else the republli
cans want and don't see they will bx
sure to ask for it.
And now the republicans have "a
chance," Will they break their necks
as the democrats did?
It would be interesting to knos
whether the yellow-hammers will
Mpant to come home to roost.
The thing to be regretted is that
some of the political .pirates and
tders got to the pie counter or
.ryn's credit.
-ow that the campaign is over will
: emo-rat join the populists or are
*:ei pops expected to remain in thy
-mocratlo camst
It !m`evident that Mr. Cleveland
r , iiiiuat fg to take any risks on his
, ligiving proclamation, he waited
: 1 l after elebtton+
STe Tammany tiger seems to have
. Agi ome "scratchin"' on election
i- t"aspaany an't be depended upor
$ts-adoi iran honest man.
insincerity and bad fiaith
b4iPl2cr 5 that lost them the
S- s t/. vote mto Kant1ucky. - Tb'
, i `of t di" , won.'t do to trust,
trpub21cass want to place ,
ctef the: te
vipi~ ~tis~ir t y piceeet
St w ip j out some of the thieving
4 n: * friends ever wanI
a:lliapp with us thea
e;e-r dwiear.out of oui
siirs-a whole lot of whole
t" "the . peop
ijo8s :Udgr4 might be piut
' to renew the
tof aii.b The great
:0U* irm of Segelt i
,:1o after the legal busdI
iie haa: also had oti-ei
t etikte on the
, e a -to hold the)
i.9. .th--bea gai
mtp~t4
. : +. '++:% j
NOTES AND COMMENT.
WHAT PEOPLE ARE SAYING,
THINKING AND DOING.
Will the Fusion Idea Be Continued?
Would Be Easy in Some States-A
Difficult Task in Others-A Confer
ence of Leaders Is Near at Hand.
The result of the election seemed to
be a surprise to everybody almost, but
the republicans. Up to the last minute
both sides claimed everything. East
of the Mississippi and north of the
Ohio it was a republican landslide.
Notwithstanding the fact that the re
publicans have severely criticised Mr.
Bryan for intimating that the question
would be decided on sectional lines, the
result proves the correction of his
judgment. With the exception of Cali
fornia and Oregon the McKinley states
are grouped in a bunch in the east and
north, and extending as far west as
Wyoming.
The result further shows that where
the silver question has been agitated
most Mr. Bryan received his best sup
port. In the east the issue was new
and the people had never studied it.
Another four years of gold standard
administration, unless it is a great im
provement on that of Grover Cleve
land's will likely give them an object
lesson which will induce them to give
the question serious consideration.
There is one element in the result
which is fortunate for the opponents of
the republican party. They have shift
ed all responsibility from their should
ers. The full responsibility is with the
republicans. They will have both
branches of congress and the president.
They have placed themselves on record
as the advance agent of prosperity.
They have pledged their words that
the gold standard will bring it. The
whole country will watch for the re
sults predicted and if the party fails
to redeem its pledges its doom is
sealed.
We are not of that class, however,
who believe the country has gone to
irretrievable ruin because the election
did not go as we wished it. We have
heard that cry for sixteen years. We t
have confidence in the intelligence and
patriotism of the people as the great
balance power that will be able to save
the republic at any crisis. The harder
the times the sooner the party in power
will be voted out, and when it be
comes evidbnt that the party cannot be
trusted then the people will revolt.
Great things are not born without
great travail, and truth has always
had to fight for every inch of ground
it occupied. What education lacks in
accomplishing, oppression and tyran
ny will supply. But the work of edu.
cation is necessarily slow. But the ob
ject lessons educate very rapidly. 1That
times will be better for a short time
we do not doubt. When the boacon
strictor loosens his folds for another C
grip the victim feels easier until the
pressure is renewed. Money will flow
into circulation and enterprise will be
stimulated, but woe unto the unwary
who lotestheir heads and indulge in
specalation. The trap will close again
and another batch of mortgages be add
ed to the burdens of the people.
How will the election affect the peo
ple's party? is a question now upper- 1
most in everybody'd mind. At this
early date (Nov. 10) it is difficult to
tell; V find a disposition on the part
of some,to uontinup the alliance with
the democratjparty. We do not think,
however, tlidathis will meet with the
apiprobation of the great majority of t
members of the people's party. There
was strong opposition to any alliance
with the democrats during the recent
campaign and that opposition has be
come intehsifted since the election. It
is more than probable, however, that
in such states as Kansas, Nebraska,
and Colorado, where the local tickets
have been successful, that a continued
alliance will obtain, but in those states, I
the democrats cut but little figure so
far as numbers are concee'ed, and
their influence consstas onlyh li holding
the balance of power. They are per' -
haps nowrpractically absorbed by the
po)uItsts. *
I:t all thp southern t~tes the situa
Uton is ~iferent. To make an alliance
rit thti democratic party means a
d;aaI~sifanabolute• surrender of our t
Ia·.tT sinery. The same bonditliod I
ap hpii atlfIi. Missouri, Iowa, Min. I
~idi#~i~r iOhto and other north~
.h peoper's party miot
i both old parttes, I
Sth· dem6erats hot 1
~o j~hifj~il~e~tt ' sted republicans I
dII*B~b, Wr. .iait dritea aot 1
~ tit 4f1* wnmember. who unever 1
be~ i thit aiered ' into the
til alitanUe with !
call will soon be made to that effect.
There is a pretty general demand for
such a call. It is no doubt best that
something like this should be done.
There is not only much confusion but
considerable distrust of leaders among
our ranks. A mass conocution at which
the prominent men in the party were
present, and a.deelarhtlon as td thll fu
ture policy of the party Would do much
to strengthen our lines and put us in
fctive working condition. It seems to
us that it is actually necessary that
something of this kind should be done,
and to fail to do It would be fatal to
the people's party organization. There
is a general call for such a convention
and the probability is that if those who I
have the authority do not call it there I
will be a spontaneous call from the
"boys in the trenches" that will bring I
it about anyway,
w. S. MORciAN;
FUNCTION OF MONEY.
Development of the Monetary Problem
Means a Government Paper Currency.
Besides the checks and promissory
notes, issued by individuals, which
have a limited circulation, and the i
notes issued by banks, which have a t
more extended circulation, many gov
ernments issue notes directly that cir
culate generally among the people. As, -
however, the precious metals are the
only commodities generally accepted as I
money throughout the world, all prom. t
ises to pay are based upon one or an
other of them, but the aggregate of I
value represented by these promises to
pay is so great that their fulfillment at I
any one time in coin or bullion would t
be impossible, the ratio between the I
volume of exchanges effected by the I
use of paper representatives of money t
to the volume effected by coin or bul- I
lion itself being greater than 9 to 1. t
This fact, that the total value called I
for by the paper representatives of I
value at any time in existence, al- t
though expressed in terms of the units c
of value originally designating coins, e
vastly exceeds the value of the metal' c
as coined or held in bullion by the f
sources whence coins are issued, to
gether with the fact that no man will- ii
inly and knowingly exchanges com- I
modities for paper representatives of c
value without believing that he can ob- 1
tain the worth called for by these rep- o
resentatives, leads to the perception I
that, after all, it is not the metals, how- c
ever precious, but property of all kinds I
that,is their basis, and that these pa- t
per representatives of value are suc- I
ceeding coins in designating and meas- .
uring the value of the commodities r
for which they are exchanged. And ,
as the value of commodities depends 6
upon the efforts expended, under the *
law of supply and demand, in produc- t
ing and delive:ing them at the place of t
need,, the ultimate function of paper
representatives of value is to measure
and reward human effort.-"Develop
ment of the Monetary Problem," by
Logan G. McPherson, in Popular
Science Monthly.
0
Who Are the Anarchists?
How dear are the lives and comforts
of the "dear peoples" to the exponents t
of plutocracy is evident from the fol- d
lowing extracts, which might be indefl- ,
nitely extended. The goldbugs are f
making beds for the poor; will the poor
be fools enough to lie down in them? ,
The people be .damned.-Vanderbilt. t
The best meal to give a tramp iS a
leaden one.--N. Y. Herald.
The capital of this country is organ- A
ized at last--N. Y. Tribune.
The battle with socialism will be d
brief, but it will be hot.-Rev. Dr. c
Hitchcock.
There is too much freedom in this ,
country rather than too little.-Indian- p
apolls Journal.
If the workingmen had no vote they b
might be more amenable to the hard p
times.-Indlanapolis News.
These brutal creatures (strikers) can 1
understand no other reasoning than
that of fcree, What they need is force,
and enough of it lto be remembered E
among them .for generations.-N. Y.
Tributge. P
Tige simplest plan, probably, when
one is not a. member of the humane E
soclety, is to put a little strychnine or
arsenic in the meat or other supplies r
furnished tramns.-Chicago Tribune. t
There semes to be but one remedy a
and it must come-a change to land ,
owners on one hand and tenant farm- p
ers on the other, something similar to
what has existed II the old countries
of Europe.--N. Y. Times.
Hand grenades should be thrown t
among those who are striving to ob- c
tain higher wages, as by such treat- t
ment they would be taught a valuable c
lesson, and other strikers would take (
warning by their faty.-Chicago Times, I
The Ameriean laborer imuat make up c
his mind henceforth not to be so much I
better off than the European laborers. a
Men must be contented to work for less
w-ages. In this way the workingman '
will\bie pearer to tl~at station of life to a
whict, it has pleased God to call him.
New tor World.
it ought to be .ievident that there c
never was an indl)ebehdnt or third
party a~spov4i t that did not have aa
tededncy n . innpia to help one or I
tIeof tha' 14rtiei but -th9
FREE SILVER AND FIAT.
The Difference Between Token Money
and Commodity Money.
Some of our free silver democratic
friends are very tender on the fiat
money theory, yet they are obliged to
fall back on it in order to support
their fls!ition; We Note that the most
of them seem to get their idea tof ulti
mate redemption money from Harvey,
and evidently maintain that all paper
money should be redeemed in gold or
silver. Then follows their thecry that
it is the money of ultimate redemption
that fixes prices without reference to
the paper money in existence. Were
it not for the fact that their opponents,
the goldites, were as uneducated on the
priiiciples of finance as themselves,
their argument would not stand a mo
inent before all array of logic and fact3.
There was a time when there was rio
money of ultimate redemption in sight.
What fixed prices then? The fact is
we should have prices without any
money. While money. has most to do
with prices, credit has also its share
of influence upon them. But as to the
fiat theory. All legal money is flat.
Fiat means a decree of law, and applies
to all kinds of money. A great mahy
people use the word fiat ignorantly.
What they really mean is token money
-that is money composed of material
without intrinsic value-such as paper,
leather, tin or any other cheap ma
terial.
Now anything is valuable for what
it will ac:omplish, Money is designed
as a medium of exchange. Money
should c!rculate-that is what it is in
tended for. If a man wants to hoard
property he has no right to demand that
it shall be first stamped as money and
then be taken from circulation and
hid. This is the objection to gold and
to some extent to silver. Both are com
modity money-that is having both a
legal and commercial value. Therefore
they are both unreliab!e as money be
cause they are liable to be hoarded or
exported and thus affect the volume of
currency in circulation and thereby af
fect prices.
It is not so with token money. It
is redeemable in all things and its one
mission is to assist in making ex
change of property. It is not likely to
be hoarded, and if it ever finils its way
out of the country will soon come back.
Its volume depends not upon the
chances of discovery and the laborious
process of taking it from the ground,
but upon the will of the creator. As
its creator is composed of the people
who use it they can be relied upon to
make it good. No man who builds a
wagon for his own use will put a bad
piece of timber in it. It is true that
iuch a money system might interfere
to some extent with the business of the
banks and those who loan money, but
it would be in the interests of the
great mass of people.
Overproduction?
A great and extensive country, in
dustrious people, good crops, a surplus
of everything, at.peace with the world,
and in the midst of all these great
blessings business men are forced to
the wall, farmers after working from
daylight to dark to mature a crop, after
selling the same at beggarly prices are
forced to mortgage their land to the
banks or money lenders for enough
money to carry them through the win
ter; thousands of men out of employ
ment, people starving for bread is the
picture of life in this great free (?)
America to-day. And still the wise
statesmen tell us that it is overpro
duction; lack of confidence that is
causing all the misery. What a fertile
brain it must have taken to have
made such a discovery! Think of it,
people are starving because crops are
too good (what a blessed thing it would
be to have a famine), and people going
poorly clad bec'use there has been an
overproduction of. clothing-bosh!
Labor World.
The people are almost unanimous in
their desire for good times. The re
publtcans have promised the country
prosperity if they were given the
power. They now have the opportunity.
Every act of theirs will be watched
with interest. They will be put on
record. If permanent prosperity at
tends their administration of affairs
nothing could happen that would pre
vent the people from giving them a
further lease of power. Will they im
prove the opportunity?
One of the silliest things of which
the plutocrats were guilty in the re
cent campaign was their. attack on
that part of the Chicago platform that
criticised the action of the Supreme
Court in regard to its decision on the
income tax. There was nothing new
or strange in that. Some of the best
republicans that ever lived criticised
severely the decision of the U. S. Su
preinme Court in the Dred Scott case and
were of course denounced for it by the
slave power.
Just why the men who stood to the
last for the convention platform and
candidates should be traitors does not
appear suffitciently clear to convince
any one but the wishy-washy and the
real traitors themselves.
TEI meal Who have been led are
aot tb la.ie it is the men who have
A WORD OF HOPE.
PROMULGATED BY THE DE
FEATED CANDIDATE.
lie Reviews the Work of the Campaign
and Calls Attention to the Odds That
tVere Against Ilm-Illis Brave Heart
-Ready for Another Battle.
Lincoln, Nov. 5.-Mr. Bry~n to-day
gave out the following: L
To the bimetallists of t e United
States:
"Conscious that millions of loyal
hearts are sadlened by temporary de
feat, I beg to offer a word of hope and
encouragement. No cause ever had
supporters more brave, earnest and de
voted than those who have espoused
the cause of bimetallism. They have
fought from conviction and have
fought with all the zeal which convic
tion inspires. Events vill prove wheth
er they are right or wrong. Having
done their duty as they saw it, they
have nothing to regret. The republic
an candidate has been heralded as the
advance agent of prosperity. If his
policies bring real prosperity to the
American people those who opposed
him will share in that prosperity. If,
on the other band, his policies prove
injurious to the people generally,
those of his supporters who do not be
long to the office-holding class, or to
the privileged class, will suffer in com
mon with those who opposed him. The
friends of bimetallism have not been
vanquished-they have simply, been
overcome. They believe the gold stand
ard is a conspiracy of the money
changers against the welfare of the
human race, and until convinced of
their error they will continue the war
fare against it.
"The contest has been waged this
year under great embarrassments and
against great odds. For the first time
during this generation public attention
has been centered upon the money
question as a paramount issue, and this
has been done in spite of all attempts
upon the par: of our opponents to ig
nore it.
"The republican convention held out
a delusive hope of international bimet
allism, while republican leaders la
bored secretly for gold monometallism.
Gold standard democrats have publicly
adiocated the election of the Indian
apolis ticket while they labored secret
ly for the election of the republican
ticket. Trusts and corporations have
tried to excite the fear of lawlessness
while they have been defying the law,
and American financiers have boasted
that they were custodians of national
honor, while they were secretly bar
tering away the nation's financial in
dependence.
"But, in spite of the efforts of the ad
ministration and its supporters; in
spite of the threats of the money lend
ers at home and abroad; in spite of the
coercion practiced by corporations and
employers; in spite of trusts and syn
dicates; in spite of the enormous re
publican campaign fund, and in spite
of the irfiuence of the hostile daily
press, bimetallism almost triumphed
in its first great fight, The loss of a
few states, and that, too, by very small
pluralities, defeated bimetallism for
the present, but bimetallism emerges
from the contest stronger than it was
four months ago.
"I desire to commend the work of
the three national committees which
have joined in the management of this
campaign. Co-operation between mem
bers of distinct political organizations
is always difficult, but it has been less
so this year than usual. The interest
in a common cause of so great import
ance reduced the friction to a mini
mum. * I hereby express my personal
gratitude to the individual members,
as well as the executive officers of the
national committees of the democratic,
populist and silver parties, for their ef
fcient, untiring and unselfish labors.
They have laid the foundation for fu
ture successes, and will be remembered
as pioneers when victory is at last
secured.
"No personal nor political friend
need grieve because of my defeat. My
ambition has been to secure immediate
legislation rather than to enjoy the
honors of office, therefore defeat brings
to me no feeling of personal loss.
"Speaking for the wife who has
shared my labors as well as myself, I
desire to say that wb have been amply
repaid for all that we bare done.
"In the love of millions ,of our fel
low citizens, so kindly expressed, in
knowledge gained by personal contact
with the people, and in broadening
sympathies, we find full compensation
for whatever efforts we have put forth.
Our hearts have been touched by the
devotion of fblends, and our lives shall
prove our appreciation of affection
which we prize as the richest reward
which this campaign has brought.
"In the face of an enemy rejoicing
in its victory, let the roll be called for
the engagement and urge all friends of
bimetallism to renew their allegiance
to the cause. It we are right, as I
believe we are, we shall yet triumph.
Until convinced of his error, let each
advocate of bimetallism continue the
work. Let all silver clubs retain their
organization, hold regular meetinga
and circulate literature.
"Our opponents have succeeded in
this campaign and mtist now put their
theories to the tesit. Insteid of talk.
*1
in mysteriously about "sound money"
and "an honest dollar," they must now
elacorate and defend a financial sys
tem. Every step taken by them should
be ;,ublicly considered by the silver
club,. Our cause has prospered most
where t;".: money question has been
longest discussed among the people.
During the next four years it will be
studied all over this nation even more
than it has blocn studied in the past.
"The year 1)00 is not far away. lie
fore that year arrives international bi
metallism 111i cease to deceive. Before'
that year arrives those who have called
themselves g)ld standard democrats
will become ;d!metallists and be with
us, or they will become republicans
and thus tC:en enemies. Before that
year arrives trusts will have convinced
still more perp:e that a trust is a men
ace to priv':.e welfare and to public
safety. Before that year arrives the
evil of a gold standard will be even
more evident than it is now, and the
people will then be ready to demand
an American financial policy for the
American people, and will join with
us in the immediate restoration of the
free and unlimited coinage of gold and
silver at the pre-ent legal ratio of six
teen to one, without waiting for the aid
or consent of any other nation.
"W. J. BRYAN'"
CRISIS IN VICTORIA'S FINANCES
England's Queen Once Had a Narrow
Escape from Bankruptcy.
It is a fact that not very many years
ago her majesty escaped complete
financial ruin by a mere chance. The
failure of a certan great bank is with
in everybody's recollection. It came
like a thunderbolt upon the whole com
mercial world. The deficit was not to
be 9ounted in hundreds of thousands,
but in millions of money. As for the
shareholders in the unlimited company,
they were liable individually to the
whole extent of the bank's debt. That
is to say, the owner of a ten-pound note
share was a part debtor of the six or
seven millions that the bank was short.
This, of course, meant hopeless ruin
even to the very richest of them. The
first call swept away the savings of a
lifetime of the widow and orphan. In
a short time the weight of debt had
attacked and swallowed up the
middle-class holders of shares. Then,'
grinding as slowly and surely as "the
mills of the gods," it reached the capi
talist and millionaire and left them
sucked dry and penniless. It mattered,
nothing whether they had one share or
a hundred, the result was the same
hopeless ruin. Now, it happened that
some time before this failure a loyal
Scotchman had died, bequeathing sun
dry shares in this bank to the queen.'
Her advisers sat long in council con
sidering this bequest, and her fate
trembled in the balance. At last they
decided that it was beneath her dig
nity to hold shares in a commercial un
dertaking. But the comic papers got
hold of the incident after the failure of
the bank and made capital of it from
the point of view of what "might have
happened." They pictured Osborne,
Balmoral and Buckingham palace for
sale and the crown Jewels in pawn.
They pictured "Mrs. England" reduced
to taking in lodgers. They represented
her ruling the kingdom from a room
in the workhouse and Mr. Gladstone
bringing her a welcome present of .tea
and tobacco,--Pearson's Weekly, .
Apple Butter Like Grandmother's. I
The first thing to do is to secure
somegood sweet cider (apple eider) and
boil it half away. This should be done
the day before you expect to begin wih
the apples. I use a borcelain-lined ket
tle that holds five gallons. BSoil it half
away and let.it remain !d the kettle
over night on the back of the stove,
The advantage of this is it is warm, and
will begin cooking arlier. As soon as
possible the next morning I begin and
prepare the apples as for sauce ,nd put
into the cider all it will hold. Fill'
the pot full to the top and as it cooks
coft keep putting in more apples tO
keep the kettle full until it is quite
thick, and let cook slowly and stir very
often, as it will burn very readily if it
is over too hot a fire. It needs to be
cooked a long time-I never finish
mine in one day, simply move it back
on the stove where it will not eook,
but keep warm over night. When it is
done it will be cooked away conisidor
ably and thick and dark like a jam
or marmalade. Do not sweeten until
nearly done, as it burns more quickly,
and by cooking away as it does it might
'be too oweet. Use white sugar and
sweeten to taste. I ude no, spices, as I
consider it spoils the flavor of the cider
and apples. If they are used they
should be of the very best and caretful
ly added. This recipe keeps porfectly
without being put up airtight. I put it
in stone jars and tie a cloth over it
merely to keep out dust.-Practical
Farmer.
Density of the Ocean Waters
Expert hydrographers say that in its
deepest parts the ocean's waters are so
dense that a sunken ironclad would
never reach bottom.
It ought to be clear now that the
people will never rally around the
democratic standard. It has represent
ed 6roken promises and pledges ,to
long to ever again inspire the vaters
with confidence.