All About Anarehlate.
A French statiatichin has been nak
Ing the anarchists why they profees'd
the doctrine-, and has got some curi
ous answers A surgeon attributed
his anarchistic princiile, to the fact
that he had Icen floygd at ecihool.
which certainly mnate, atal'n-t 1)r.
John-on' contention tha- t:,irrc is
nothing like a soon I caning to beat
the humanit:vs into a boy s head. ,
"'*I(ott"d ((,Ut'ceti;tn to ailthortity'" was
what made an anarchist of a jouirnal
it who had fir't, no doubt, through
such rooted objection, brcomu what t
the F'rench cail "an joturnaiiste du
patXe.'" ine can better understand
tnc cae of an artist who had been t
ouriven to anarnr biy I thte arrogance
of criti,,." and that of an authDor
who had gone' t:,'" naumo way as "*an
uate.nati\-e to ,n m.ile.'' What one I
cannot understand at all. however, is
the analvsi, of the ainarchit nature f
ani h 1i. liamon pr'ofisfese to make I
on th, strength of the data he has C
olilected. lie work, out eight apecilic
rclaracteristic of the anarchist mind. 1
some of which are obvious enough, r
buich as -"a spirit of revolt." '*love of a
hilf." or ,ven '.love of liberty," but c
it seems strange. indeed, to read that a
joiimi- tihromera are strongly moved I
by "-love of others., that they have
ilal ked "ttendrlerneartedness.'' a pow
et ful "*feeling of justice," and a keen I
".-ense of logic." As a final note of
the anar'hit it is said that he has a
'"thirst for knowledge." r
French Newspapers.
Charles A. Dana, speaking of the
Paris newspapers. says: . -There is
no regular foreign correspondence d
and no special effort at general re
porting. There is a great deal of
talent, however, in the writing of one
editorial article, which is always
bigned, and in many cases the signa- k
ture indicates that it is a production t
of high intellectual distinction. But, a
on the whole, the Parisian newspaper d
is a lower style of organization than o
the English or American newspaper." I
Peculiar
In combination, proportion and process, '
Hood's Barsaparilla possesses peculiar cura- c
tire powers unknown to any other prepara
tfon. This is why it has a record of cures
unequalled in the history of medicine. It
acts directly upon the blood and by making e
It pure, rich and healthy it cures disease and s
gives good health. ti
Hood's Sarsaparilla i
Is the only true blood purifier prominent- h
ly in the public eye today. $1; six for $5. o
Hood's Pills "e" h"" t"- t
patio,. Prwe:lS~ents. t
> ASK YOUR DRUOOlsT FOR *
J$P1ERIAL b
U a
STHE BEST
URSING lOTHERS,INFANTS,' b
CHILDREN
* JIMI CAlIt. 0 so0s$ New Yot. * I
Pt
CKE
be
ea
- .
PANTIr, MowEras, R
nnl... -- . ws. , Ps...
- ' "
Ar8e~IU
k1
75.O~W
CAN CURE ASTHMA.
A Leading Physletician at Last Discovers
the Remedy.
The majority of sufferers from
ct Asthma and kindred complaints, after
,1, trying Doctors and numberless Reme
r. dies advertised as positive cures, with
out avail, have come to the conclusion
that there is no cure for this most dis
at tressing disease, and these same per
i. sons will be the more in doubt and skep
tical when they learn through the col
umns of the press that Dr. Rudolph
1- Schlffmann., the recognized authority.
h who has treated more cases of these dis
at eases than any living Doctor, has
achieved success by perfecting a rem
edy which not only gives relief in the
worst cases, but has positively cured
,n thousands of sufferers who were con
sidered incurable. These were just as
skeptical as some of our readers now
r are. Dr. Schlffmann's remedy no doubt
,a possesses the merit which is claimed for
1e it or he would not authorize this paper
is to announce that he is not only willing
to give free to each person suffering
fa rom Asthma, Hay Fever, Phthlsic, or
:o Bronchitis one free liberal trial package
6 of his cure, but urgently requests all
sufferers to send him their name and
C address and receive a package, abso
. lutely free of charge, knowing that in
making the claim he does for his cure
a strong doubt may arise in the minds
of many and that a personal test, as he
offers to all, will be more convincing
it and prove its merits than the publish
d ing of thousands of testimonials from
others who have been permanently
e cured by the use of his Asthma cure.
"Dr. Schiffmann's Asthma Cure," as it
1 is called, has been sold by all drug
gists ever since it was first Introduced,
although many persons may never have
a heard of it, and it is with a view to
reaching these that he makes this offer.
This is certainly a most generous and
fair offer.and all who are suffering from
any of the above complaints sr,ould
write to him at once and avail them
selves of the same, as positively no free
'5 samples can be obtained after Oct. 10. Ad
e dress Dr. R. Schiffman, 325 Rosabel street,
S t. Panl, Minn.
if
e Who Cares.
s One of the guides at the capitol
building, Washington, the other day
n said that he hoped before Capt. Bas
sett, ,"the watch dog of the senate,"
r dies, he will tell somebody which one
n of the desks it was which Jefferson
Davis occupied when he was a mem
ber of the senate. Bassett is the
only one who knows, and he will not
tell for fear visitors will clip off
splinters for souvenirs. During the
war a lot of soldiers got into the
chamber and stuck their bayonets
into the desk, and I reckon they
a thought they had made kindling
it wood of it. But old Capt. Bassett
goes to work and patches it all up
wd ith screws and putty and varnish,
till it looks like any other old desk in I
the chamber. I know for certain I
that some mighty influential senators
have tried to get the secret out of the
old man, but they might as well talk
to the goddess of liberty on top of I
the dome as to try to get him to tell
which is Jeff Davis' seat.
Term Her Leoee.
A salesgirl in Chicago, who has
borne a good character for industry
and ability, has been arrested for
stealing small sums from her em
ployers. She very reasonably said: I
"I never took a penny until three I
months ago, when my youngest
brothec lost his position, and we
could not live on $5 a week. Then I
took enough to keep my mother, my
brother and myself alive. oee how
thin we are! All I took in the three
months was less than $60. Girls can
not live on P3 a week, and that is all
I got for the first two years." Em- °
ployers who take such an advantage
of the neooessities of the poor ought q
to have their property taken away
from them.
Warsaw sats sea t
The discovery of salt beds at War
qaw, in New York, a few years ago
has developed one of the largest in
dustries in this line in the country.
The capacity of the salt works in the
Warsaw fld is 10,000 barrels a day.
Taking advantage of the str~ang and
pure briae from wells 2f00 foet deep, e
Ssalt-beth sanitrium has been ereso
there. It is modeled on the best Ger- r
man baths, and is said to be of great '
benefl inoause of rheumatism and b
aerve oehastion. e
a
E
~--'.,--i
* b
hiap 1tnlanod mp owmj
tbaib e n pseimal .ajoymtm ubem a
dightly h md'any w'o Ilve beg. 1o
Is. elen pInm aT moe, pvsaply ax
latest -
te valae to I tohe puse Ilqud wi
lama lve adu eadimbud l the
a ts drw I~hidstfb o pe ng 0
I hs n ds du aind bess
peaslm, ueas. It a the
Id r min Bwe witheut yeka. ar
Cr~qetvY~whmgmma, -Ci
the~in,
HOBBIES OF FAMOUS PERSONS
Q·uaeer Whlms at MInds l;ten to Cen
rers templating Importast Matters.
A very peculiar hobby was that of an
om old woman who had been employed at
Ater
court in the capacity of nurse, and who
Ith- had a most extensive collection of
lon pieces of wedding cake. The cakes to
Its- which the fragments belonged had been
ep- cut at the marriages of the highest in
^ol- the land. The place of honor was
Iph given to a portion of Queen Victoria's
!is- wedding cake. and nearly every royal
has marriage that had occurred since the
'm- accession of William IV. was repre
the
red sented in this curious collection. Lord
on. Petersham, a noted dandy in his day,
as had a hobby for walking sticks, and
iow
ubt also for various kinds of tea and snuff.
for All round his sitting room were shelves,
per those upon one side laden with canis
lug ters of Souchong. Bohea, Congou. Pekoe,
or Russilan, and other varieties of tea.
age The shelves opposite were decorated
ald with handsome jars, containing every
so- kind of snuff, while snuff-boxes lay
in here, there, and everywhere. Lord
re Petersham prided himself upon possess
he ing the most magnificent array of
ing boxes to be found in Europe, and was
sh- supposed to have a fresh box for every
em
.tly day in the year. When some one ad
ir. mired a beautiful old light-blue Sevres
st box he was using, he lisped out, "Yes,
d. t is a nice summer box, but would not
ive do for winter wear."
Count Henry von Bruhl, a famous
Lnd German diplomatist, busied himsell in
oin collecting boots, shoes, slippers, and
Th wigs of all shapes, sizes, and fashions.
ree This curious hobby was rivaled by
Ad- that of a late King of Bavaria, whose
Wt, collection of hats was unique. A King
of Wurtemburg boasted the possession
of above 9,000 copies of the Bible; and
a nicotine-loving American reveled in
a treasury of pipes, of which he could 1
count 365 speciments in meerschaum, 1
,, brier, glass, china, and clay. The Duke
of Sussex, brother of King George II., a
on had a pair of hobbies that were wide as I
m- the poles asunder. He was an inde
In
Abe fatigable collector of Bibles and of
o cigars. Pope Plus IX. was a collector t
off of slippers. He always had twenty
be four pairs in his wardrobe, made of red
be cloth embroidered with gold, and orna
ess mented with a solid gold cross, his
e chamberlain being strictly enjoined not
og to part with a single pair, however well
aIi worn they might be, to any of the many
up devout applicants for them. Wigs and
1h, walking sticks were the especial vani
in ties of Mr. William Evans, some time
tin principal clerk in the prothonotary's
rs office for Anglesea, Carnarvon, and
he Merioneth. and so highly did he value
ik them that he bequeathed one of.each
of to three different maiden ladies, for
ell whom he had in turn felt a tenderness d
in early life. Another gentleman had a I;
hobby for scarf pins. He is said to have a
kept a book containing as many pages
as as there are days in the year, in each t
ry of which a different pin was stuck.
or Every morning he fastened into his
- scarf the pin which occupied the space
id: allotted to that particular date, return
s* ing it to its place when he undressed n
os at night. e
e b
I A Sub-Sidewalk Railway.
A novel plan for a sub-sidewalk rail
road, to take the place of elevated roads
for rapid transit, has been designed by
a Chicago inventor. The road, as its b
al name implies, is to be built under the s
sidewalk of the street, the space re- d
quired being only eight feet in width u
by eight feet in hight. At the curb line ri
a wall is laid from one end of the street
to the other. Under the other side of
the walk the curb wall is parallel with
a stone foundation for posts and a it
fence. On this foundation and on the r
fo base of the curb wall rails are laid. u
Iron columns are set on the inner wall fa
suporting girders level with the top otf
the curb wall and marking the line be.
tween the sidewalk proper and the so.
called area space. A wire fence con- i
nects the posts and separates the rail- a
road from the area space. This apace a'
will be for stairways and entrances to E
d basements. With the curb-wall, gird
ers and bases of buildings for support,
* a prismatic walk is laid for the purpose
of admitting light into the space below. ja
Electricity Is to be the motive power. q
The speed, the plan sets forth, will not '
be less than thirty miles an hour, and a
may in some cases be as high as sixty
miles an hour. One of the advantages
claimed for the road is that It will con-. o
vert the basements of buildings into
valuable property. This and other cilr
cumstancses, it is believed would make
the property owners readily give their
consent to the construction of the road.
th
A Stery Told la Eagland.
One of the most valuable flocks of
Bouthdown sheep In the United States
Is the property of Mr. Mansan Migg, the
beet-root sugar magnate, says the Lon
don Tit-Bits. A peculiar fact in cons
Snectlon with the flock is that It is r
Slooked after, not by sheep dogs, but by
Ssix trained Spanish game cocks. They
are armed eah morning with spurs,
* and have so fierce a way of attacking
I mny sheep that tries to ran away or
Swilll not be driven that the animals are ar
now thoroughly afrald of the birds and
,bey their directions perfectly. Mr. Is
I ligg's daughter broug~t the birds from L
be Canary Islands.
I Derag the Tasim ea Pertked
i He-W-well, Laurat
She-I-I think we understand each
Mther, George, but-bu is it my'place
Sr youars to 9et the mutMe, aud ought
I to spek to ~ur n.mna ab ut it or
eight pmt to o and ask papa ?-Cht
alne w sIam u ere her litle woth
are, age 4 sca R. were, She repU.:
"They are itntages tba l
atg Iwar
bI The say.
Australia is really the antipodes of
the remainder of the world in all re
spects. Summer times comes during
in the time of European winter: the ris
at ing barometer indicates rain, and the
io falling the opposite; the swans are
of all black, and the eagles white; the
to male lay eggs, and has a bill like a
n duck; the native dogs never bark:
in the serpents have tails like fishes and
is wings like bats: the prickly pear
," grows to be a tall tree, and the pop
al lars and oaks seldom grow above five
1A feet high, the elm has hairs in place
e- of feathers: the birds are without
'd song; the sun is in the north at noon;
the Chilf rivers flow inland, the pear
d tree grows a fruit that is beautiful
to look upon, but which, when ripe,
is as hard as though fashioned from
the wood of the tree itself; the leaves
of the trees all stand edgewise and
e cast no shadows; the stone or pit of
d the cherry is on the outside, and must
be cracked in order to get at the
meat; the opossums fly like bats; the
: kingfisher never catches fish, but
lives on fruits; the peas are poisonous;
the oaks bear no acorns; the chest
nuts are without burr. and, in many
iS instances, the trees are hollow, with
Y the bark on the inside.
I
s A Vicious Pet.
s. A Chicago negro named Bailey had a
it black wolf, which he had brought up
from a puppy and kept as a pet and
is watchdog. The other day the ani
n real attacked him when it was being
d fed, biting him terribly, and his wife
s. also, who came to his assistance.
y Fortunately a neighbor with a gun
e came to the rescue or the wolf would
g have killed them both.
n
d Women on an Equality.
n The Methodist conference of Mon
d Lana has decided by a vote of 34 to 4
n, to admit women as members on the
e same footing as men. The action
seems to be reasonable, as women
s preachers have been recognized for
some time. The men will have to
if look sharp when it comes to holding
r their own in a profession which is
mostly talk.
d -
Fiees a Ghost.
* Prospect, 0., has been annoyed by
t a couple of ghosts, which prowled
about in the night and frightened
superstitious people half out of their
wits. They undertook to scare Henry
Ryder the other night, and he pulled l
his gun and winged one of them.
They proved to be two well known
young men, who will not play ghost
again.
A Windy 'Predletlon.
r Engineer Corthell of Chicago, pre
s dicts that Chicago will have a popu
a lation in twenty-five years from now
e ol 7,797.0'), and will be the second
s -ity in the world in size, second only i
to Londor., if, indeed, it is not the I
first
A Large Outlay.
Chicago has 1900 acres of parks, h
not counting the lake front, and
eighty-five miles of broad, improved e
boulevards connecting them. They
represent an outlay of $20,O00,0O0 t
since 1869).
A Perilous Jump.
A woman jumped off the Brooklyn
i bridge the other day. She had
weights on her feet and bladders tin
der her arms. She was picked up
unconscious, but will recover and
reap a harvest in a dime museum.
Ih Out.
Henry Watterson announces that he
is entirely out of politics, and will
make no further political speeches
under any circumstances. He will go
to Europe next year, to be wholly out
of the campaign.
They Are Prartial.
Danish farmers pay especial atten
tion to raising stock, and do not rely
on grains as money crops; hence they
are more pr'osperous than any other
European farmers.
A Thoughtless Iey.
A boy near Dubuque, Is., fired at a
target and hit a shanty where a
quantity of dynamite was stored.
The explosion killed five persons and
seriously injured three.
Men are bound to have trouble; if no
other way offers, they marry it.
A man's cup of happiness is never full be
cause there is no bottom to it.
Small Fry Swindlers.
Some of the meanest of these are they who
seek to trade upon and make capital out of
the repmttion of the greatest of American
tonics, tatester's Stomach Bittars, by Imitat
ing its outward gaUe Reputable drggists,
however, will never foist upon you as gentine
spurious imitations of or substitute for this
sovereign remedy for malariats. reumtism.
yapeps. ostlpation, liver complaint and
nervousess. Demand, and if the dealer be
honest, you will get the genuine artlcle.
How a defeated candidate for olee must
grumble to his wife!
"*ama ' agEagle Gema Uslve."
WarrasemdIo ears or mosey refunded. Ask y
duggls tor Lt Price Slasi
Apparently a woman is not reallydressed
up unless her clothes are so tight that they
are uncomfortable.
I am etirely cared of hemorrhage of
lungs by Piso's Cure for Consumption. -
toLssA LI.DAUMn, Bethany, Mo.,Ja 8,'94.
Some men are doubly spendthrifts; they
'*end both time and money.
erl| i em |in l i ll il n
*iS 6UPWARDSa ily mad with small spl
EW W W Iby safe method of sy.temlaie sperulatloa
in graan. Book aml full particulars free. N'I 'iBaa
The best remedy .er.eea.. AyTTIso.n&o.."I!om.ha Bldg.,ieago.
D R. J. C. AY ER'S for all daieases. 1 illions .^ ranf , ,nWsnder,
c(n llnd It. lrcllr e tm.
(ArU Novelty, Paimyra Pa.
The Only of tile blood. EAA. af locating gold or , llver .,..,.
or idi& scnn trerorr. ur uulon
ddrles M .. I. owl.aM, Box ti. llouthingtoo, uoas.
I IRT IOI F0 I L MB
The best record. "ma4..it ,. Yyr,.. im
SARSAPARILLA Half a century __M__,--Ls":_
Permitted at Werid's Fair. of genuine cures. W N U DALLAS. 39-9a
W MlApswernno Advrtulmmnta Kindly
-- " 'Mention ~Irg Pleeo.
Highest of all ia Leavening Power -Latest U. . Govt Repasi
Da 41 Baking
RY 1 Powder
ABSOLUTELY PURE
Almost Mlir ,t! onA.
Agnes l)riscoll. 23 months old. of
New York fell out of a fourth-story
window the other day, 70 feet, into
the yard below. Her mother saw the
awful plunge and fainted, but Grand
ma l)riscoll rushed down the stairs to
do what she could for her darling.
The baby lay for a moment on her
side. Then she turned her head and
looked up toward the window from
which she had fallen with an appeal
ing glance, as if she expected her
mother to come to her by the same
route she ha, i taken herself. Aft.er
that sre got up on her feet and ran
Sto meet her grandmother. No injury
was found on her body that required
even a plaster. In her fall the baby
struck a clothesline strung about six
feet above the ground. This broke,
but its resistance was sufticient to
save the child's life.
1Was It?
Mrs. Robertson of ~ummerhill, Ire
land, bought a fish recently for her
Friday's dinner, and when she cleaned
it she found a large silver spoon in
side of it. Was that fish born with
the spoon in its mouth?
The Wastern States Conference
To convene at Tl'opeka, Kan., October 1,
2 and :, ls9t5, is of special importance to
Texas. Hon. E. N. 1Morril, governor of
Kansas, at the re lue-t of Hon. C. A. Cul
berson, governor of Texas, has issued an
official call for a 'eostern States Conference
convention to meet in Topeka, Kan., Octo
ber 1. 2 and 3. li:i. The object of this con
ference is to unite the west and south in a
movement towards organizing direct trade
relations through the gulf ports with neigh
boring countrieson the south and all for
eign nations. This movement means that
the products of the great west will cross
Texas soil en route to deep water,instead of
going over the long haul to the Atlantic
sea-board.
To hasten the culmination of this great
work, it has been suggested that an Inter
American Exposition be held at Galveston
in honor of the completion of the jetties
and the securing of water sufficiently deep
to float the largest ocean-going vessels. We
wish to show what we have to sell and find
out what we can bay to the test advantage
from our southern neighbors: and it isgen
erally conceded that the proposed Exposi
tion will settle the question. The Western
States ('onference and the General Govern
ment will jotn in this work, and Texas
should certainly lead the procession.
Gov. ltulterson has appointed the dele
gates at large and from each congressional
district. Every mayor in Texas, as well as
every president of a C'hamler of Commerce,
Board of Trade. or other commercial body
is made a delegate with authority to ap
point an alternate if he is unable to attend.
Each mayor is entitled to appoint an addi
tional delegate for every ten thousand in
habitants, or fraction thereof, in his city.
As the time of the convention is near at
hand, it is espe:ially re- nested that action
he taken immediately, as this conference is
of vital importance to elery citizen of Texas.
Most men make the mistake of being in
too big a hurry to impart information.
We will give 31Cr reward for any case e1
catarrh that can not be cured with Hall's
Catarrh ('lure Taken Internally.
F. J CHENEY & .O., Proprs.. Toledo. O.
He who can control the wheels in his head
is already great.
Webster's International
Successor ofthe * Unatbrkdgnr.'"' ionary
1 Rp m ..n .. , , etc . . ,nt on nppluan.
e Sarly all Shoolbooti i'ommended by all Stlte S.perlntendtaoo Schools.
THE BEST FOR PRACTICAL PURPOSES.
It is easy to find the word wanted.
It is easy to ascertain the pronunciation.
It is easy to trace the growth of a word.
It is easy to learn what a word means.
G. A C. Merriam Co., Publishers, sprtngfleld, Maw..
Caircttc
w Soap
Is not Behind
The Times.
Neither are the women
who use it. Thous
ands of thrifty house
keepers say that
Clairette Soap is an improvement on any soap
they ever used. Try it and compare results.
Sold everywhere. Made only by
THE N. K. FA4RBANK COIPANY,
sT. w LUIS.
AankI with the beat Business College In the Unlted
states. spetslrvely equipped Three costly banks.
Beet faculty money ean secure. MI) students pnut
year from fourteen states. Uraduatee In ipoitions
Snd premlums at Dallas and other State airs.
taoe free. Address . . HILL, Presildent., Waco, Tesu.
When children have to "wait" at dinner,
f they hate the guests.
Metal Wheels for Your Wagons.
The season for cutting corn fodder
being close at hand, it may be well for
farmers to get a set of these low metal
wheels with wide tires. They can be
had any size wanted from 20 to 56
inches in diameter, with tires from 1
to 8 inches wide. By having low wheels
enables you to bring the wagon box
down low, saving one man in loading
fodder, etc. It is also very convenient
for loading and unloadillng manure,
grain, hogs, etc., and will gave in la
bor alone their cost in a very short
time. These wheels are made of best
material throughout, and have every
possible advantage ov,-r the high wood
en wheels with narrow tires, and will
outlast a dozen of them. There will
also be no resetting of tires necessary,
and consequently no blacksmiths' bills
to pay. Wide tires save your horses
and prevent cutting up your fields.
For further information write The
Empire Manufacturing Co.. Quincy,
Ill.. who will mail catalogue free upon
application.
America's most popular cup, is most gen
erally filled with some intoxicant.
Every mother should always have at hand
a bottle of Parker's Ginger Tonic. Nothing else so
good for pain, weakness, colds and sleeplesansss.
Almost every one would rather win suo
cess, than to deserve it.
Now Is the time to cure your Corns
with Hlndercorns. It takesthemout perfeetly,gives
eomfort to the feet. Ask your druggist for it. 10.
The strains of some of the poet's are cal
culated to strain one's nerves.
FITS-All Fitns top.ed freeby ]r. K llne'sireat
erve Restorer. Fo Fits aftrr Ie first day's use.
arveiouacures. Treatise and l 2 trial ot itre.' t
Ikcascs. Bed to r. Kjnue,531 Ar,cht., Phil, V'
A boy is apt to work much at play and
play much at work.
If Troubled With Sore Eyes
Jackson's Indian Eye Salve will positively
cure them. 25c at all drug stores.
To peddle a bad story about an honest
women is worse than stealing her money.
ASSIST NATURE
a little now and then
in removing offend
ing matter from the
stomach and bowels
and you thereby
avoid a multitude
of distressing de
rangements and dis
eases, and will have
less frequent need
of your doctor's
service.
Of all known
agents for this put.r
pose, Dr. Pierce's
Pleasant Pellets are
the best. Ouce
used, they are al
ways In favor.
The Pellets care
biliousness, sick
and bilious head
ache, dizziness, cos
tiveness, or consti
pation, sour stom.
ach, loss of appetite, coated tongue, indi
-estion, or dyspepsia, windy belchings,
heart-burn" 'pain and distress after eat
Ing, and kindred derangements of the
liver, stomach and bowels.