LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS.
VOL. II. NATCHITOCHES, LOUISIANA, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 6i, 1895. NO. 1(.
--- ------ - I I | | |1
A PREACHER'S SAY.
MAMMON WORSHIPERS WHOSE
GOD IS COLD.
"Millionairee Spring Up Like Mushrooms
laa Night, by Legally Filching Their
Great Fortunes from the Tollers, and
Our Laws Sanction It."
The greatest obstacle to the ad
vancement of Christianity. and to the
welfare of the human race every
where, is the attitude of civil govern
ments. ('ivil law is elevated above
Divine law. With the great majority
of mankind human law is the stand
ard of morality or right. If public
sentiment or civil law sanctions any
thing it is accepted as right with the
masses. The human animal is a
btrange being.
In Russia they hav. or did have a
few years ago, a rogues' market. Ev
crything that a man could steal was
brought to that market one day In the
week to sell. If the owner found his
own property there he had to pay as
much for it in order to get it, as any
one else. It was legal and the peop!e
believed it was right.
The great John Norton, who wrote
a fine work on prophecy, carried on a
slave trade for three years after he
became a Christian,. before he got his
eyes open to see that it was wrong.
Many a professed Chribtian slaveholder
attended the slave auction, bought
and sold his fellow men and women
and believed it right, because the
laws sustained it.
The laws of our land sanction and
approve the most gigantic robberies
that were ever perpetrated on earth,
and the vast majority of men think it
right. A. Rockfelir & Co. can raise
the price of coal oil, and by a stroke
of the pen make fifty or seventy-five
millions dollars, and our laws sanction
the robbery and the people believe it
right.
Millionaires spring up like mush
rooms In a night, by legally filching
their great fortunes from the toilers,
and the people b. :ieve it right be
cause the law sanctions it.
Our government, and in
deed every civilized govern
ment in the world, is wholly
committed to mammon-worship. The
commerce of the world is a huge sys
tem of mammon-worship.
The buyer and seller, the trader I
and manufacturer, take no account of I
their labor at all. Per cent is their
law, and the dollar their god. The I
governments are run entirely by I
money mongers and mammon-wor
shippers so as to squeeze out of the
wealth producers the greatest possi- a
be amount of interest. The world is 1
overwhelmed with debt. Debts are
made to draw interest. Interest is a
the sacrifice the toilers pay to this I
mammon god. Interest has made t
every milllosaire, every monopoly, I
every combine and trust These
'prdauet of usury or interest have re
duod the wealth producers to poverty c
and destitution. They have filled the a
land with idle men and tramps. The t
bard eoeditions of life produced by E
usury hpve produced nearly all the t
crime in the world. i
The most painful thing in connec- 3
tion with this devtlish system of mam- d
mea worship is the attitude of the t
churches. They are the pillars on t
which this temple of mammon t
stands. They believe in interest. d
They teach that it is right; and r
practice it to the extent of their d
ability. The government is exactly t
what the churches make it. Every I
government is molded and made by t
the religiee of the people. It would I
amonat to nothleg for the churches to 1
condemn trusts, combines and monop- s
olies, and at the same time defend the
caseo that produces them. Their
remedy, so far uas they have any, is a
charity; stead by and witness the
robbery of the masses, and then beg a
eanough of the stolen swag to build
sad Operate soup houses. i
Whea Mh churohes acepted the I
delllioes that uasury means *unlawful a
latereet," and elevated humas law a
above Divine law, they beptised man I
men worship into their communion. 1
Is isb miIat g. It is awfult The
con~eqaese that have followed tis
efla unledir are incomprehenasible
ts tte mnlads. The world is made
iato a vast slaughter house by it,
rinlls aR atold millions are land
i to premature graves by It. From
to r waat, 4etitutlon and
deat mark the eek oftis joggeor
nauL And it unavoidbly grows
worn every day. As debts Iarease
iaterest iacreases. As interest in
sein p`OVerty and suffering In
ee. It is see to talk about
good tins nader i regn of a
memubwgwe-higp We are payjig
at l *1I 0 tiaterest fo b e ry
mae, weoma nod child In the ISpeb. 4
lie every yer. And the pvemrseest
Is m-re usea to selboeda ad
make meadebI thoa anythi alaos.
Bet the easseqnieses that mast and
dea Ioe 4..very ei treat I
E brnetereatlsr a L sa i
utes ap,:": I, * w oregh I
places will be made smooth, and the
crooked places straight."
As Jefferson said in this regard: ,,No
E attribute of God takes sides with oar
wicked government in robing labor to
make millionaires." Well may we
tremble for our country as he did,
S when we remember that "G(od is just.
r and that His justice will not sleep for
f ever." Sin brings its own punish
ment. "\W hat a man soweth he shall
also reap." We are sowing an awfu;
crop, "iWhat shall the harvest be?'"
'lo assume or admit that this system
of mammon-worship will continue in
- definitely, is to assume that the Bibtle
is a huge lie, and ('hristianity a per
feet failure.
'rhe principles of the (hnaha piat
I form it applied to our government.
or any othe*, would destroy man,.
Imon-worsbip. Th'Iy are in perfect
I harmony with the the ten com
t mandthents, and the sermon on the
mount. Yet strange to say, acn
t humiliating to think of it. the
churches, and the great body of the
ministry antagonize them: while the
majority of the members of the
churches would, if enlightened, sup
port the People's party. But church
papers are under the control of the
High l'riests of mammon, and the
editors dare not print the truth.
The churches being the most numer
ous and powerful organizations in the
world and upholding this great sys
tem of idolatry-mlammon-worship
it about shuts out all hope of a peace
ful solution of this awful qubtion. In
writing thus about the churches I
don't antagonize Christianity at all.
If the Bible don't condemn interest it
don't condemn anything.
Whilo all the churcchs of our
country, claim to be Christian
churches, they are not true exponents
of Christianity. They have lifted
society as high as they can. Society
and civil government will never rise
to a higher plane under their present
teaching. What the world needs,
must and will have, is the application
of true Christianity in civil govern
ment. If Christ didn't teach and
practice pure socialism, he didn't
teach and practice anything. His
followers so understood him for twe
oenturies.
Gibbon, the great historian, says
(and he didn't pretend to be a Christ
ian) that in ".one hundred and fifty
years after Christ by its influence
idolatry was overthrown, and slavery
abolished, and during the reign of
five successive emperers, it was the
happiest period of the human race."
And church history informs us that
Christians practiced perfect social.
ism, and had all things common
selfishness had no place in their reli
gion. Now it constitutes the warp
and woof of business. There cer
tainly never was an age in
which selfishness reigned so ab
solutely as it does now. Even the
heathen world puts us to blush on
this score. When Columbus first
landed on the island, the natives
made all haste to supply them with
provisions without money and with
out price; and he wrote to the King
and Queen of Spain using this lan
guage, "I tell you they are the hap
piest people oa the face of the earth,
the words mine and thine are not
known among them." Yet in two
years the accursed love of gold had
destroyed half of them. We read
that when Cortez conquered Mexico
that they offered human sacrifices to
their sun-god, sometimes three hun
dred victims at one time, and it makes
cold chills run over us; while at this
day we are sacrificing hundreds of
thouseads yearly to our mammon god.
Mexico had twice as many inhabi.
tants then as it has now. So much
for our boasted Christian civilization.
Under our perverted governmens one
man acquires by fraud enough land
to make a small state, while millions
of better men can never hope to own
enough for a grave. One man under
our wicked laws may (and some have)
accumulated enough money to buy
whole towns and villages, while mil.
lions of better men have "no place to
lay their heed.,'' One mane, who I
Nsever did a day's cork, draws an i- m
omem by interest of millions of dol
Ihu, all of It paid by the poor, for the
poet' pay at taterest.
The great cities are protically
reloed property. Every ten or fifteen
years the poer pay esoegh rest (usu
ry Ia form) to rebuild the greatelties,
and are poorer than they were.
Beader, do you think this devilish
system can run on always? If you
do. you must think thatGod Almighty
is dead, or that he has abducted his
throne ain favor of the devil. *
Well: It will coetnue as loag uas
mammae-worship oontinuee, sad the
dollar oar bales glod. But the
Leud regates "CeCad ad dark
mes are oround bshout im," but jus
ties Is the fqmadation of His govern-i
mot. aod adetlee will overtake us I
seuser or laster.-Rev. D OgLshby in I
tego seaetlsl.
Hea. J. W. BDaley. cegresmas I
free the Dtth district, came throollh
Dallae oo hl way to WPahtue..
Mr. Dealey did an care to diseaseo the 1
metre . she reseat elsotlom. hot sati
s seoemost ye L tethefI ar of Goe
.Al"ght sea be regane. If thb i
b iheqs y ope it is so ba -
" PROPOSED ROBBERY.
r SHALL IT BE BONDS OR GREEN
o BACKS?
Which Are the iest?--. Plain State
ment of Facts Regarding the Merits
of Interest-Bearlng Bonds and Legal
Tender Paper Money.
n The following plain statement of
facts relative to the proposed course
e of the goldbugs. to substitute bonds
for greenbacks. is from the Caucasian
of Raleigh, North Carolina, Senator
Butler's paper:
The people individually and collec
tively should keep themselves fully
informed with reference to all the
schemes and plans of the powers that
be. Next year there will be a mighty
appeal to the people to express their
opinion, pro or cono, concerning cer
tain schemes in connection with the
financial system of this government.
o If they are not informed they will not
be able to properly decide on the is
sues presented.
° One plan or scheme of the present
e national administration is the retire
ment of all treasury notes and siiver
certificates, and putting in their place
° five hundred milliondollars in inter
est bearing bonds. Let's havo a
plain simple talk about this matter.
And to begin with, let us admit the
° assertion that there are now three
hundred and forty-six million of dol
lars of treasury notes (greenbacks) in
circulation and one hundred and fifty
millions of dollars in silver certficates.
r What is a trcasury note? It is sim
ply a piece of paper with the govern
ment's stamp on it certifying that it
represents so much value. For in
y stance, if the government should em
° ploy a man and agree to pay him one
dollar per day for work, when that
man had done a day's work the gov
eornment can give him this piece of
stamped paper which certifies that
the man had done work to the amount
of one dollar. The man can take this
note or dollar and exchapge it for
something he wants. This is the old
"`greenback"--the kind of money that
pulled this government through the
war, and the kind of money that paid
V the soldiers and bought the supplies,
etc. It goes for a dollar anywhere
now. Why? Because it is backed up
by the faith and credit of this gov.
ernment. Now remember that the
man who holds this note has a dol
lar. He can hold it a year if he wishes,
but it draws no interest, and at the
end of that year or two years, it is
still worth but one dollar. The sa.ne
rule applies to a thousand dollar note.
What is a bond? It is simply a
I piece of paper with the government's
stamp on it ourtifying that it repre
sents so much value, but it is issued
differently. Now, let's take a thou- I
sand dollar bond and talk about it a
little. Suppose the government want
I ed a thousand men to work one day,
and agreed to pay each man a dollar
for the day's work. It could, if it
wanted to, give each man a dollar
note, as above described, and each
note would pass for a dollar, for each i
d6llar would represent a day's work,
and a thousand dollars would be ex
changed for what each man needed,
and would thus be put into circula
tion. And this money would be as
good as any that has ever been used.
It will be the old greenback money.,
I which everybody knows is as good as
gold, and passes everywhere. Then,
why doesn't the government do this?
This is the reason. Some man who
has found a thousand dollars worth
I gold, or has gotten it in some other
way, goes to the government and
I says: ,,Don't pay those men who I
work for you in treasury notes. Pay
Ithem in gold. I have got the gold I
and will lend it to you if you will
pay it back with interest." The gov
ernment says: ,*Well, bring the
gold. We will give you a note certi
fylng that we owe you one thousand
Idollars with a promise to pay it
back to you with interest at 4 per
ceat." The man brings the gold; the
government takes it and pays It out
Ito the men who have worked for a
dollar a day each, and gives the man
who brought the gold a note certify
liag that it owes him one thousand
dollars sad promising to pay him four c
per csat for the use of the gold. This I
kind of a note is a government bond. I
Now, suppose a man does one thou- C
sand dollars worth of work. The gov
erament ean give him a thousand (
dollar traasury note (greenback) for ,
it and it will pass for that much
I money anywhere. But if the man who ,
Sgets the treasury note should 'keep it a
~ for one year it would be worth just
what t was Issued for--one thousad
dollars. But if the man with gold
came along, sad the goverameat took
his gold and gave hlm a bond for it,
how woeald the mastter stand? The~
*overament would pay this gold to
the man who has done one thousand
dollars wort of work. anad at the end
of the year the gold would still only =
be worth s* thousand dollars. But
the boud-oh! The keen fellow who
got the goveramat to give him a n
hend for his gold, holds it for om d
,l d at the nd of that time the 1i
is worth One thoassa sad forty Ia
dollrs, or the governmoat has prO- '
beod to pay him a thoussad dollars
for the gold and fouar per Meat a year
for the use of it; and by this plas
the government will pay one thousand
and forty dollars for work tl:at coat
only one thousand dollars, and the
forty extra dollars goes to a man who
did not strike one lick of work.
The treasury note or tzrcenback,
' when it was first issued, would pass
a for a thousand dollars. so would the
a bond. Let us suppose. now, that it
should be necessary for the govern
ment to promise to redeem either one
iu gold. Would it not be easier for
[f the government to get ore thousand
e dollars in gold to rede.Itu the treasury
a note than it would oe to get one thou
n sand and forty dollars to redeem the
r bond?
I.et us apply this jluestiou to the
last bond issues. It will be reinem
bered that Cleveland and Carlisl"e
e hate issued $162.o0,u0-,0 wortu of
bt bonds which we v i,l say are to run
y for thirty years at I per cent interest.
r This means that at tie end of thirty
years the bonds must be paid back.
e and in the meantime the government
must pay about $193.o1)000.00 in inter
,t ebt. making a total of $t.37.JU,04o
Said out for the use of toe $162,Q0,i
0))O. How is this money to be gotten?
t It is gotten by taxing the people di
rectly and indirectly. The people
r must pay it all.
u Suppose, now. isltead of i-suinu
t $162,000,000 worth of bonds that
u Cleveland had issued $i62,(000. (.i in
treasury notes (bearing no interest)
e redeemable in gold in thirty ,ears.
e The notes would haeu been just as
good money as the people want. The
faith and credit of the government
would have been behind them, and
that is all there is behind the bonds.
- The government could, within thirty
year's time, get $162.000,00o in gold
t to redeem the treasury notes just as
easily as it can get that amount of
_ gold to redeem bonds,. and in the
meantime the peolpe would not be
t paying $195.000,000 to the goldbugs
and bondholders as interest.
f Now, consider these statements for
t awhile. Study the principles involved
t in them. See how much of jugglery,
3 injustice and rascality is shown by
r them, and remember that instead of
i wishing to decrease the evil, the pres
t ent )emocratic administration is
s seeking to increase it; for, as stated
I above, its plan is to destroy the $346,
0)0.000 of treasury notes now in cir
culation and issue bonds in place of
them-for what? For no other pur
pose than to give these bonds to the
money power and goldbugs of the
country, and make the working peo
ple of the country work longer and
toil harder to pay these non-working
bondholders and goldbugs more
money as interest. In the name of
God, what of jystice and right is there
in any such a system? And we want
to ask, in the name of -"equal rights
to all and special privileges to none,"
if the manhood of America will sub
mit to it?
SEDITORIAL OPINIONS.
The people will declare in 1896 that
the Amercan government can make
money. -Southern Mercury.
The career of Calvin S. Brice is a
romance in coruption, a paradox in
politics, a travesty on statesmanship,
a blot on the record of the Democratic
party. -New York World.
Cuckoo organs are confident that
the president's forthcoming message
will contain some of the most patri
otic platitudes ever uncaged in this
free country.-Ksnsas City Journal.
The bankers talk about the "whole
some influence" of a *"sound' cur
rency. That -"influence" means more
interest money for the banker, mote
debts for labor to pay. -Chicago Ex
press.
The charge tha! the Populists lost
in every state Is false: the truth is
they made gains everywhere. bit
where the Republicans and I)emo
crats combined, of course they beat
us.--G(;reonvillle ILdependent.
The Armenians must be almost as
numerous in Turkey as pensioners in
the United States, or they would have
been exterminated before now, and
the great hypothetical casus belli re
moved. -Texas Farm and Ranch.
United States Senator Brice had an
of year the other day. He is a Dem
ocrat of two States, and both went
Republ!can. HIe is now qualified to
Instruct his party In the conduet of
oampaigns.-New Orleans Picayune.
The loudest mouthed critics of the
Omaha platform are those who never
read it. A man who has studied the
planks of that artlele of human rights, I
either ndorsss it in whole or in palt. I
or has not got enough sense to get in
out of a rain storm.-Waxahachie
People's Paper.
We ofttdh give our notes for money,
beause we cannot make money. Not
so with a governmet., its sovereign
sad can create. This being true, '"ano
excuse for issuilng bonds and borrow
ugn money o~ be given except ras- I
cality on the part of its ofcials.- I
Corsicana Truth.
Bockefeller, the Standard Oil meg. I
iate has announneed that be will en
dew a Chicago university with a mil
lion dollars about Christmas. This
may have nothing to do wish the mat
ter, but oil has gone up five cents per '
adlloa since the anouncementL- 1
Woodwa~rd (0 1'.) News.
IS NOT A REPUBLIC.
PEFERENDUM INDISPENSIBLE
0 O A REAL DEMOCRACY.
SIIa Thi.r., . Itepresentatate lIoa\rnment
.i iR iteputllicl but in Part. a 2'erpresent
alive (;overnument IA Not a ic':,ubliu-
The .llpine Itapubt Ic.
i la tIo:ory, a reprl'elentatit; g;uVerno
y mcut i; a ir.publlie: itn at't. a rep,'o
sentative government i' not ia renut,.
e lic--or at least it uoe, nt i ng[ rt
nain Otitl afte" It; intlziters Iavt,
0 paso ed a\La b. lEary *,c t,' e-t"ntativc
I- reutilijc of the past luas plri."et from
e ott the 'arth.
If he little A\ipin' re ,li,,t.e of "it -
n t'lriland %a; Ilon taion e am:, ro,ai that
ledl iO lllatla of it- tr'eii-l,' e ors Ito
yi r in: l ut. nlelar'ini the I 4O.'K-, IL
Schanglled its colur'se. ;atlte tt ill'etl,
t legi-"At' t . and i, to-day the ht'al ti
lest a. twe I as the iilett lre' itl i. r.
U c'1.tente.
I'erhaa. ouir . ii. ' outL tr. iv the
Inmost tri'killný exallle of the tm::tipilte
fail ire of thle ir 't'prscl eilttl I svsteui.
c The people iev'er get tla': law, they
dt,'ire. but +t plei.t wiVl li tnl'v
dislike. Ifa imeaurc goodi for the
t people be introducied iil it legi.lative
u boody. the hiial Pirodiuct is a badly dis
f) igured as a maun wh has run ant In
dian gauntlet.
E'ven our conotitution fails us
e Mlade more tuhan a ccultiry atgo, its
t framers saw not the etubnitoic but
I tremendous forced lying in ambush.
to finally crush the liberties of the
people: and they hceded not the
Swarning voice of the eloquent P'istrick
H Ienry,. who plead in vain for a bill
1 of rights for the eoplie. They turned
e a deaf ear to the ;adluonitiout oif that
I nembodiment of statesluanshiit ''ihollias
A Jefferson, who, from Iey\oud th,: sea.
doplored tile absence of a bill of
r rights. ()f this defective document
1 James Monrioe said: -"I see in it no real
checks noon the government." (See
1 lianeroft's history of the constitu
f tion.' page -128.)
The people have. for many years,
5 been clamorinl for the poor little
i privilege of themselves electing their
SUnited States senators. But even
this is denied them. The enthroned
I corporations prefer senators of their
own choosing.
The history of legislation in this
country for the century now closing
should convince every one that it is a
1 waste of time and energy to work for
reform under the present 'system of
A lawmaking. All efforts for free coin
f age, prohibition, single tax, restric
S tion of immigration, government con
t trol, etc., will fail in the future, as
9 they have in the past. There is al
ways some power other than divinity
that shapes all the ends of legislation.
The initiative and referendum con
stitute direct legislation by the peo
Iple. It is Democracy in its purity:
it is Republicanism in its simplicity.
It is, in itself, not so much of a re
r form as it is a means of obtaining re.
forms. It will throw wide open the
gates which have so long barred the
people from their God-given rights.
It will relegate to the rear all the po
litical croocs, the heelers, gangsters,
sbysters. parasites, etc., which have
so long been a.curse and adlsgrace to
our country. Hypocrites and fawn
ers. too, will have to take back seats. I
With direct legisiation, the briber
and the lobbyist could not ply their
vocation, and the reckless partisaiu,
the oily politician and the heartless
demagogue would be as helpless for
I harm as would be a lot of wild beasts
I after their claws and fangs had been
extracted. With the imperative <
mandate and the veto in the hands of a
t the people, there would be no heed of I
drilling lSunday school boys in the t
arts of war, for the people would re- A
spect and obey laws enacted by them
selves. Instead of being nominated
freemen. but real slaves of the po!i
ticians as now. the people would all
be, in reality, freemen.-George X. s
Young in American Nonconformist.
Apostrophe so t.Abert)l
Oh, I.ibcrty, thou art ;he god of my
idolatry' Thou art the only deity
that hates the bended knee. In thy
vast and unwalled temple-beneath
the roofless dome, star-gemmed and
lnminous with suas-thy worshipers
stand erect! They do not crInge or
crawl or bend their foreheads to tflc
earth. The dust has never born. tlhe
impress of their lips. U'pon thy altars a
women do not sacrifice their babes, a
nor men their rights. Thou askest 3
naught from men except the things
that good men hate-the whip, the '
chain, the dungeon key.--lobert G.I
Ingersoll. t
*e alaness. )
The wrong that produces inequality,
the wrong that in the midst of abund
ance tortures men with want, or bar
ries them wit. -;1 fear of want: that s
stunt them phyu.ibby, degrades the m
intellectually, and distorts them mor- c
ally. that alone prevents harmoniouI c
soeial development--Henry George.
Laws are all right in their way, but s
common sense is tile only protection r
against the various something-Zur
othling schemes now flooding le.
sountry. -.Vaahookie Milrror.
A Human Leopard,
BLACK SPOTS ON liANDS, FACE AND
BODY.
The Inespllcabie Adfletion of a (hilllient h
Man. Physlcians Unable to DUter
mine the Cause.
tFrom the C(onstitution. lthicllcotbe. Fo I
.\ reporter on the Frenlll II I'ol- ltitll,'
\ia Ilmaking the lusual routinlle for i,'. or1
lmlrning. andi had jllrt left th Ie ,itv ihaill
% hau he ,an e ao lt" \\" ' I i g t a
high:y re-,ected pioineer itizen of 'orth
itssacuri. who hcas livedl in c'hiliiculthe a
uI:umer of year-. Ifhe 'relaIrter a-lkeid li
Wright if be couIl not relieve-ll I ieclmoiotry
of the Imorning iby farnushing a -liv. in- ls
item. and to the astcnizltanent o, lhli. newc
gather, the fine lookint genl.tr'lllsi re'lllt
-"Well. yes: I can give oul a eusatitn if
Sion desire it "
The retorter gral,letd hi n .e I u: and
asked Mr. Wright to pro.cetil
"It is a miracle." lie I eg:na.
"The reporter bxcalmneerx'itedly interested.
"Yes,' continued 1Mr. \1'rilght I have
noticed a numler of interi.' inllc the I I n
stitution with people ~hiht havenr e ss c:ic id
remarkable results fromt theit uu, ofl Ir \t .
lilnals Pink Pills. Somle of outr rtlle·.
niay think those statement, are exaieger
ated, but when you have heard itosy si t ry
you will conclude that those icures- a,' c-otl
mon."
"And what was the matter witlh sou
asked the reporter, doubting that tplc ro; ict
form standing in front of him had eser seen
a sick day.
"I don't know." said Mr. \Wrzlt • andt
never found anybody who did. It wan, n
Ilstt. when I was just 4'i year. of age. that
b!ack spots began to break out on IIi ionltlis,l
then my face and then over ivy Inlcs. unitil
I betame a walking human leolpard. I hadi
lost some near relatives and Ilv nlt vles
were shattered. I was the iiics"t rlutsc.y,
restless, irritable, sensitive l'ers.ni you have
ever seen. I was not only uliserable al -
self, but made every body around ruie mli.
erable. I was nearly crazy; thought I hat
letrosy and was losing my mind. I could
not sleep to save my life. I had nou a e
tite and no energy.
"The original cause of ily niblmen' was
ove, work and over-heat. having o\ver ex
erted myself by lifting in Lot weather and
this was angmented Iry a ca-se of oua.auria
and the loss of my vwie. The strained ten
dons were cured, tbut I had become so ner
vous and my blood so thin and aps etite so
scant. that I doslaired of my life. Then
was when the b.ack spots came.
"After realizing my condition I startedi
out to cure myself, if it shollid take all the
property I had. 1 consulted the local physi
clans and they were unab!e to phase the
b:ack spots or to care my insomnia. 1 went
to Kansas City and consulted the noted
specialists with the same result. I then
kept a druggist I.usy ordering every patent
medicine that my friends recommended.
It was the same thling, and my misery grew
apace, and I felt like taking 'Rough on
Rate.' Finally I noticed an article, copiodi
in the Constitution from another Ipal'.',
telling of the cure of a man from nervous
rostration by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.
I concluded to try it, and you see the re
stilt," and Mr. Wright showied his clear
skinned hands and arms and his tine com
plexion.
He is large and robust in health and a
living testimonial to the elitacy of Pink
Pills.
"'I began to improve the first week. That
was a year ago. Now I have a craving sp
petite, can sleep nine hours without miss
Ing a wink, and have not been troubledl
with nervousness for nine months. That's
my pnlracle. Is it not worth telling to the
world."
The reporter acknowledged it was mirac
ulous, and the interview ended. A few
stains of a brownish tint can still be recog
nized on Mr. Wright's body, but otherwise
he Is a perfect specimen of healthy looking
manhood.
Dr. Williams' Pino Pills are not looked
upon as a patent medicine, but rather as a
prescription. An analysis ot their prop-er
ties shows that they contain, in condensed
form. all the elements necessary to give
new liLo and richness to the blood and
restore shattered nerves. They are an un
failing specific for such diseases as locomo
tor ataxia, partial paralysis. St Vitns'
dance. sciatica, neuralgia, rheummatism.ner
vous headache, the after effects of la
grippe, palpitation of the heart, I ale and
sallow complexions, and the tired teeline
resulting from nervous prostration.
Ihey are for sale by all druggists, or may
te had by mail from Dr. Williams' Medicine
Company, lchenectady, N. Y., for t50 per
box, or six boxes for $1.;U.
On the Splice.
A doctor of South Dakota has suc
ceeded in splicing the tail of one
snake on to another of a difTer species.
producing a very healthy specimen of
the compesite snake. Great poss.bili
ties are opped before that man. llo
can new supply the shows with snakes
with heads on each end. and varied
combinations of snakes unique aind
varied. There may beconsvivial read
ers who see nothing but snakes in
this: but the splicing is really romarl
able on account of its halppening in
South )Dakota, which is more famous
for divorcing.
Jest as you are ipleased at finding faults
you are displeased at finding I erfe,-tions.
The revolver championshop of the
South London Rifle club has been won
for tlth eighth year by Mr. Walter
Wiinuns, ao American. His acgregate
score for the season was ,2i points
out of a possible 326, for five scores
at twenty yards and thre-' at fifty
yards. At the twenty yards two of
his scores were highest possible one.
and at the fifty 3ards one was a score
of forty out of a possible forty-two.
the highest score made at the club
this year. The total beats his last
year's record by two points.
lWhat a lhelem.
A London pauper picked uo an ap
ple in the workhouse orchard lawt
summer and ate it. lie was arrested
for larceny, and has just been dii
charged from jail, aftecr two muonlhs'
con icemcent.
Johbenniierg. South Africa, propo
see to hive a big internato;,nal exle
sitiui in 1896. and l'cesident Cleve
land has received a letter from its
manager tn' itie. Americans t~ par
ticlp.ca -