r Galveston is going to be the I?'E
York of Texas. Fine elevators are go
ing up, ocean vessels are coming there
for freight. St. Louis wheat exporters
will export their wheat that way. The
southwestern railroads all favor Gal
veston connections. Last year $1,000,
000 worth of coal and gold was mined
In that State: there are also numerous
beds of lignite there.
Reading may make a full man, as Ba
con says, but merely devouring papers
and books, without thought, makes him
no fuller than a goat -
It Took the Ribbon.
Dear fir:--"llving u-,d several boxes of
your TrrTKRINE, I ('an say I!at it it the best
remrdv I bhar, ever Itotd for skin di-eases.
A:ter la'lng w h th (thl ura anl o her similar
preparations. through thi rec, mrmenlaiion of
afr end I triodl a bn x of TIT'rTrxIsr. and tfo
applicatio's was all tat it took to effect a
complete cure of a br, akinz out onm iy toot or
long sat:ndig. I think it i. the best salve in
the world for skin uiseases." Youra truly,
R. B. A rXANDIR.
Mt. 8-ima, Tcxas.
1 box by mail for ser. in stamps.
J. T. hucePrltiN, Savannah, Ga.
How's This I
We offer One llundred l)ollars Reward for
any ease of CatarrL that caunut be cured by
H1ll's Cat arr, Cure.
F. J.CnrY:v & Co., Props.. Toledo, O.
We, the underalgnrd. have kin,,- a F. .1. C'ho
rey for tho last 15 year-, an:d ,beiere him I'tr
frctlh honorable in all blusiness transactions
and flnanc:ally tcil,+ to carry out any obliga.
mion made by their firm.
WasT & TIUAx, \Whruesale Druggists, Toledo,
Ohio.
WA.DIo, KasrAw & MAavz., Wholesale
Druggists, Toledo, Oh ,,.
Ha'Ts Catarrh Cure is taken Internally, act
Ingdirectly upon the blol aln ;tiuoua sur.
faces of tim sy.stem. Price, 7k. pr bottle. bo io
by all Druggists. Ttatinwnials free
Hall's Family Pills are the hbest.
De t Tebasee Spit and Smoke Toua Lifo
Away.
If you want to tait tobacco usnt easily and
forever, regain Tos: mannood, be made we!!,
strung, mlnetie, lull of new life and rivor,
take No-.fis, the wonder-worker that
makes weak men strong. Many tr in ten
ounds in ten days. Over 400.'t) ored. Buy
no-Te-Hoc from your ow:; ,irugist. Under
abso;ute lurawatre to cure. BIook and sample
Iree. Addree aterling Remedy Co., Chicago
or New Ykur
iJet try a 10c. box of Cf'acarets,. the maest
liver ad bowel regulator ever made,
Remorse is a teacher from which we should
require but one lesson.
When Dobbins' Electric Rsop was irst made
la 186 it cost Sa cents a bar. It is prweitwli
theammeingredients and quality now and d.ean'
osta(f. Bauyit of your -rocerand preeare your
cloths. I hban'tlt, how1 get it.
No one should be so contented as to re
naln passive to poverty.
CaseAnaeM stlmn'ate liver, k!dney and bow
s. Never stoken, weaken or ipeso.
VITBastopped freoeoed pernaneatyetared. No
fts after Lrit day's use of DR. KLIusl' GuATa
unYavRugmroun. Free 3 trial botteod treat
ss. Mead to Dr. Kline. I Arch St.. Phila., Pa.
I have found Piso's Cure for Consumption
sa unfailing medicine.-F. It. Lorar 316 cott
bt., tovington, Ky.,Uct. 1, lU5.
W bilious or costive. eat a Caesaret,
andy cathart care guaranteed, l., Use
Mre. WInslow's Soothing Syrup forehIldrea
teething softens the gums, reduce infame
tion. allars pain, cres wind colic. Io. a bottle.
Eyes
am s ad nose are all more or less affected
by estarsh. The eys become inflamed, red
and watery, with dull, heavy pains between
them; there are rnoring, bussing noises
la the ars, and sometimes the hearing
Is etected; the nose is a severe suferer,
with its eostant, uoneomfortable discharge.
AUI them disagreable symptoms may be
oassed by the use of
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
thbsls-la tt the Omn Tres Bleed Parlhw.
CU 80m 8o891 Indigeatbn,
S dbilo:sna.: cents.
SCorn
is a vigorous feeder and re.
poeds well to liberal fertiliza
tion. On corn lands the yield
increases and the soil improves
if properly treated with fer
tilers containing not under
Potash.
A trial d this lan costs but
litl and is sure to lead to
protable culture.
anms esabem nr se br atlse
w tabeAirtso bob. Uel e
GMAM u I woS,
* NMmesas b New T. 1
5 Jklanud Jennets 75
Theed are
e a ddaa. Wiha lleo time or
(etsant teoc U a beads. i
SeriT SW IT, mremetke, tess.
m Ih e s A Ie to
'ii, ,
~40ik
JWATER CRESS COLTURB.
HOW OWNERS OF SWAMPS ARE MAK
ING PROFIT OUT OF THEM.
The Great Demand for Cress and How It is
Supplied by J isey and Long Island
Farmers.
Although the water-cress is generally
considered a spring condiment when it
can be gathered wild in the brooks and
springs of the countryside, it is never
thcless peculiarly palatable in the fall
and winter season, when the variety of
garden "greens" Is limited by the rig
ors of the frosty season. Time was, a
numb: r of years ago, when water-cress
could not be obtained at any price out
of season, but, like many other pro
ducts of the garden end orchard, a con
stant demand has created a growth
of the supply, and now water-cress
is always with us. But the water
cress of commerce, says the New York
Post, is cultivated, and not gathered
wild from the brooks, and on Long Isl
and and in New Jersey we find water
cress farms and swamps where tons of
the pungent appetizer are raised.
The cultivated cress is much super
ior to the wild. both in size and flavor,
and when displayed for sale it finds cus
tomers much more readily. A .cress
swamp conducted under modern ideas
of farming yields a fair return, and the
artificial beds are not without attrac
tion summer or winter. The essential
conditions for a good water-cress bed
are a wet swamp with a sandy bottom,
and a running spring of water. Such
swamps abound on Long Island, and in
parts of New Jersey. and quite a num
ber of them net utilizcd for cranberries,
are converted into cress beds. Ditches
are cut through a swamp, about two
feet deep and four feet wide. These
ditches run parallel to each other, and
crosswise, cutting the swamp into
squares about twenty feet either way.
They are excavated so that a slight
grade running in one direction will
make the water bubbling up from the
spring flow through them. This fall is
very slight, however, depending partly
upon the supply of water, and never
so steep as to empty the upper beds of
the ditches even in the driest summer
weather. Along either side of the arti
ficial canals a space is left to accommo
date an ordinary plank board on which
the grower can stand to harvest his
crop in the proper season.
At the lowest part of the swamp a
dam is erected to hold the water in the
ditches, and by means of this the flow
is regulated to suit the season. In rainy
seasons the water from the muddy
part of the swamp is apt to back up
into the cress field and Injure the
plants, or again in hot weather the
water will run away and leave the
plants high and dry. The dam is sup
posed to regulate the supply so that the
cresses never suffer from too much or
too little. The creases are taken from
old beds and pushed into the mud at
the bottom of the ditches about one
foot apart each way. If no old bed is
at hand to supply the cuttings, seeds
are scattered broadcast through the ar
tificial waterways. Then usually trout
are put into the stream to feed upon the
insects and mollusks which eat up the
leaves of the cress. There is a bug or
worm that lives upon the wild water
cress, and makes the leaves ragged and
uninviting, but no damage to the culti
vated cress has been experienced where
trout are turned loose in the ditches.
The profits that may be gathered from
raising trout are merely incidental, but
occasionally they can be made to
amount to considerable.
The cresses need no further cultiva
tion after once planted, except to keep
them properly covered with fresh
water, and this can be done very easily
ia a properly ,constructed ditch. The
harvest season is now all the year
round, the best hotels and restaurants
demanding a constant supply, but the
most profitable season is in the early
spring and winter. A winter crop of
cres is often extremely profitable, for
the average price paid then li 50 cents
to $1 per basket. Frequently a crop cut
for the midwinter holidays sells at $2
and even $3 per basket. In order to
supply good creases in the depth of win
ter, the spring water in the dilhes
mtst not be allowed to freeze, for this
either kills or discolors the plants so
that they are worthless. Consequently
sashes are put over the dtchei where
winter creases are raised. The initial
expense of putting down these sashes
is considerable, but they last for many
years, and more than pay for them
salves ia one or two seasons. The
sashes have to extend up to the surce
of the water supply, for if the lee
obookl form there the dow might cease.
The water must be kept running con
tlnually, for quiet, stagnant water kills
the plants.
When the plants are ready for cat
tlng, either In the sprlng, summer or
wtnater, the grower plaes his plank
board on the space left for it siang the
side of the dltehes, and kneeling down
he grasps a bench of cress In one hand
sad dettly eauts it of about four Inchbes
dawn. An inexperien.ed harvester
would tear the plants from their muddy
ed, for thebi roots oonly Isecurely hbold
them In place. As the rootrs left in
the field for several years, sch a mis
take weold prove velry epeniveto the
owner. The water-eres baskets are
made of splinte ad bold aout hall a
peck sech. As soon as cu t the plants
or tcked i them. They are laid are
llY in layer., and when the ltsket is
tall two strial are tied acros the top
_ bsep the tn postlou. Then the
L--t--s are packed in crates ready for
immhitts lpmeat to market. See
dem s astheus toe adopt the old prae.
te oat andinSg the reoms to marktet la
) tOaabea, batt this is safe oly
where ty dkirance is hbort.
A deunbl cp of esmesea et he 4es
boe a ge seld. ad a lly the grw
e alcuitte apes this. Tlbs either
gather an early spring and late fall
crop or a winter and summer crop.
Thus the plants are allowed about six
months in which to produce a good crop
( of leaves. They can do this only under
favorable conditions, however, and the
wild water-cress rarely yields enough
for two crops in one year.
The profits of a cress farm are just
as variable as any other farm produce.
So many factors, such as the condition
y of growth, the intelligence of the grow
it er, the market prices, and the general
d distance from market, enter into the
r- question that no one can satisfactorily
11 give a correct answer. Cress-growers
o in exceptionally good seasons have been
I known to clear $1(KtM) ir acre, and that
a on swamp land of little value, while
a others complain that $25 an acre is all
It that any man can expect. Between
. these extremes one can rest in security.
a. and conclude that it is his own mis
b management, or a combination of cir
a cumstatnes over which he has no con
trol. if he fails to come somewhere
k within the two limits.
I- New Petroleum Motor.
r A new type of petroleum motor, said
to be characterized by great simplic
ity of mechanism, has just appeared in
- France, says London Invention. The
r, engine has been examined by a con
temporary, and it is found that the
a principal feature is the independence of
s light to cause explosion after the ma
e chine is once started, thus one explos
I- on in some unexplained way serves to
d produce the next. How this arrange
d ment is effected is as yet a secret, and
I, until we know a little more upon the
h subject we are not able to judge of the
n pr-cticable capabilities. It steems that
I- the patentee has been able to dispense
t, with the electric spark or light of any
s kind in the bringing about of the ex
0 plosion, and thus the chief danger of
e this class of motors has been elimin
d ated. A mineral essence is employed,
0 mixed with air by means of a special
pulverizer, and this mixture, finding its
t way into the cylinder through a trun
II nion in the same way as steam does
e in an oscillating steam cylinder, pro
s duces the further combustion by the
y exp:csion that has just preceded. Thus
r It follows, that the temperature of the
f cylinder remains stationary and so low
r that the cooling apparatus generally
I- required is dispensed with. It is s,
posed that this system of motors will oe
i available for motors which range flom
a one to four horse pwer.
SElectric Rat Exterminator.
e
Since science has discovered that
electrocution is a painless death the
employes of the electric power house
at Atlantic City, N. J., have been using
e that mode of dispatch for the captured
rats which every morning fill the two
e big traps set out the night before. Rats
have long been a nuisance in the place,
and the traps were bought several
r months ago to aid in the extermination
of the rapacious rodents. Until a few
weeks ago the captives were drowned,
but, at the suggestion of a visitor, elec
trocution was tried. The traps were
placed on a slab and a circuit formed
by fastening a copper wire connecting
t with the dynamos, to each side of the
e cage. The current was then turned
on and in an instant every rat in the
cage was dead. One of the workmen
a few days ago suggested a plan
whereby he claimed the whole building
could be freed of the vermin, and It was
tried with success. A cage full of
rats was put in the electric circuit and
the current was turned on a volt at a
time, being gradually increased in
volume till the rats executed a most
fantastic dance. The imprisoned vie
tims were then let loose, and, according
to the story of the ingenious workman,
not only they, but all their fellows.
left the building and have not since re
turned.-New Ideas.
* Chinese Women Pile Drivers,
S Piles were being driven in one of the
V new buildings for a foundation for a
i punch. They were eight inches in di
! ameter and fourteen feet long. The
* staging was bamboo, and so was the
t frame for the hammer, which was a
2 round piece of cast iron, with a hole in
the center for a guide rod, says Cas
sier's Magazine.
SAttached to the hammer block were
s twenty-seven ropes, carried up to the
Stop of the frame and down on the out
V side, looking very much like the old
e fashioned Maypole. Twenty - seven
Swomen had hold of the ends, and with
sa sing-song, all together, pulled down;
V up the rod, four feet, traveled the ham
- mer, then, at a scream, all let go, and
a down it came on top the pile, which
a was unprotected by a band or ring.
el The women were paid twenty cents in
*gold per day. This Maypole driver is
-in general use throughout Japan and
a China.
Concerning Flowers.
k Flowers should always be placed in
Swater as soon as posible after being
* picked; when received by post in a
d somewhat wiltered condition an impie
a diate plunge Into hot water ,rith a lit.
r tle sal volatile wll accomplish wonders
Sinthe way of reviving them.
SLilac laburnam and asaleas require
Sto have a piece of bazt stripped up and
Sleft hanging, and this, with the addi.
e tlo of a few leaves in the water, will
e often keep them in quite a fresh con
· ditloa for weeks.
· The bouquet which you have carrled
, during an evening will be mrne to re
Svive If you spray It well with water and
p put It onder a bell glass, and if you
e wish to wear flowers in your hair or on
Syouar coange, they may be made to re
a tain their freshnesb for an entire even.
lag by putting a bit of sealing was ove:
Sthends.
The uslvezltis of bs i usd Viea
- sa have exactly the sape nutber of
lptastructors.44' eadh. In 1870 the
SBerOtlin University had only 1iL."
II ANIMALS MAKE UP.
r Even Birds Are Well Supplied With Cos.
metics.
r Nearly every animal and every bird
e is equipped with "a supply of ,C n(O eti- .
h Nature has looked after the ni.-er
needs of her wild wards with a lovin"
t care. Pride in their aplpearance i
really a strong instinct in most of the
n higher animals.
Brushes and ,oIbs most ani:mals car
I ry with them. ''Brilliantine" also is
e carried in a small and handy reservoir
y by all ducks and divers. Mud serves
a for cold cream and vaseline; dust for
n fuller's earth and pearl powdler, andi
t water, as with ius. is perhaps the most I
e important neces.ury. But birds es
SI pecially are nli;hty iparticu:.tr about
n the quality of their "toilet dust," anl
equally nice as to tl:e water i:t which
they prefer to wash. S:ile use water
only, some water or dust, othll(rs dulst
. and no water. l'artrhil:res are a g oeld
e example of the dul-ting birds. auld are
most careful in the selctti on of trheir
dust baths. Dry Iamtu suits themI bhest.
But perhaps their favorite place is
lmeadow where a few tur:s have been
Ir remtlvel,. There they str.ltth out the
loan, and shintle I,aekward under the
grass roots till their feathers are full
e of the cool earth. In wet weathet r they
find, If possib:e, a Leap of burned ashes
on the site of a weed fire, and dust
there. Sparrows. on the contrary, al
ways choose road dust, the dryest and
finest Iposille. Larks also are fond of
the road, and dr:st there in the early
morning. But th;y, to. have their
fancy, and choose the dry, gritty part
e where the horses' hoofs tread.
t Wild ducks, though freeling by the
salf water, prefer to wash in fresh
wae(r !pools, and will tly long distances
Inland to running brooks and ponds,
t where they preen and wash thmselves
in the early morning. Put, though
Iassing so much tinle on the water.
ducks seem to prefer a shower bath
to any other;and in heavy rain they may
be seen opening their feathers and al
s lowing the rain to saak in. after which
they dress the whole surface with oil
e from the reservoir which we mentioned
above.
Swallows and martins are as nice in
their choice of bath water as any "pro
fessional beauty." nothing but newly
fallen main water thoroughly pleases
e them, and if tempted to bat lie it is gen
erally by s~ome shallow pool In the road
whih an hour's sun will evaporate.
Trained birds. In good health, bathe al
most daily, and the bath of a peregrine
falcon is a very careful performance.
t But no nymph could be more jealous
e of a witness than these shy birds, and
e It is not until after many careful
g glances in every direction that the fal
l con descends from her block and wades
o into the shallow bath. Then, after more
s suspicious glances, she thrusts her
broad head under the water, and flings
it on her back, at the same time raising
a the feathers and letting the drops
v throughly soak them. After bathing
head and back, she spreads her wings
and tail fanlike on the water, and rapid
e ly opens and shut them. after which she
d stoops down and splashes the drops in
g every direction. The bath over, she
e files once more to the block, and, turn
n lag her back to the sun, spreads every
e feather of the wings and tail, raises
n those on the body, and assists the pro
m cess of drying by a tremulous motion
g Imparted to every quill, looking more
a like an old cormorant on a buoy than a
peregrine.
t Cats, large and small, make the most
B careful toilet of any class of animals,
Swith the exception of some of the opos
sums. The lions and tigers wash them.
selves in exactly the same manner as
the cat, wetting the dark, india-rubber
like ball of the fore foot and the Inner
toe, and passing It over the face and be
hind the ears. The foot Is thus at the
same time a face sponge and brush,
and the rough tongue combs the rest
of the body. Hares also use their
feet to wash their faces, and the hare'a
a foot is so suitable for a brush that It i
. always used to supply the "paint" to
e the face for the stage.
a Tommy Atkins in India.
n Tommy Atkins, at least nben In
I India, is very precious in the sight of
the Brtish G(overnment. As he stands
SIn his uniform, a disciplined soldier In
e the prime of health and strength, he is
Ssaid to have cost a paternal govern.
ment the sum of two thousand dollars
b of American money, and be is valued
accordingly. His daily rations are
Scarefully examined by medical experts;
his one quart of good ale and one ounce
b of pure rum are served out to him
p with the greatest regularity. When
a the exigencies of the service permit
a it, be is sent in the "hot season" to the
d mountains, where he works on the
roads and gets a laborer's allowance
besides his pay, which he places at
Interest In the regimental savings bank.
When on the plains, everything is done
tit possibly can be done by his oflcers
to make his life pleasnt.
(ricket, concerts, theatricals, newe
t. rooms, libraries, sports, etc., are pro.
T ided liberally for his amusement.
When he behaves himself a good-con
a duct stripe Is added to his coat-sleeve
d and a penny a day to lls Income. When
1 he gets drunk he gets a week l the
Scells or a fve days' drill. He Is marlc.
Sed to cdburch every morning and is ex
pected to say his prayers and listen to
the sermon. On the whole, the life at
San English soldier in India is a happy
one. And if 1ha does not leave his bones
In some military cemetery, In due time
b·e returns to England, enjoys a pen
Ssion, and in his old days shoulders his
, walking stick and tells the boys how
battles are won.-IApplaeowt's.
Deep Sea Colors.
t A large proportion of the marine
a seatures found at a great depth In the
colder plrts of the ocean are of a red
color.
SICK NEAELY THIRTY YEARS.
BRILLIANT SERVICE IN THE WAR
FOLLOWED BY PROLONGED
SUFFERING.
High Private Itriggs Brlngs His War.
time Valor Into a Life and Death
Coaubat---He Speake of His
Struggles Since the War.
From the Tribune, Ilornellsrile, .: T.
There is no man in Oneida County, New
York, who stanls higher in the community
than Mr. William IH. Brggs, a wealthy
farmer, and resident of Bridgewater, and a
prominent member of the 0. A. R. His
statement will not be news to his friends, as
they all know whereof he writes, but it is
commenled to the consideration of the pub
lie. Mr. Briggs writes as follows:
"It gives me great pleasure and satlisfac
tion to be abu to give honor where honor is
due, and to that end I make this certificate,
hoping it may be the means of others be:ng
benefited as I have been.
"I am a farmer residing nearBridgewater,
Oneida County, New York; my name is
William II. Briggs, and I am 56 years old.
I am an old soldier, and member of the
"t. A. It., having served as high private in
Co A. lot New York Artlllery, during the
whlo four years ol the Rltbelllon. Though
not a peIo.oner, an. never an applicant for
pension, I ontracted through malarial ell
mate, disease of liver and stomach, from
which 1 suffered continuously, in various
forms. In 1863 I had the jaundice, nnd it
continued for years. to a greater or lesser
degree. I never was free from dy.pepeia,
Sand palpitation of tlle heart, and suffered
from nervous debility to such an extent
that I could neither rest by night nor work
by day. Night after night I walked the
floor tormented by vague fears, which I
knew were purely imaginary, and yet I
could not skake them off. I came home In
June, 1866, and from then until 1894 I was
t constantly attended by physicians, having
employed three at different times during
that period. Theem good doctors gave me
occasionally temporary relief, but the good
effects of their treatment quickly disap
peared, and let me more despondent and
wrerched than over.
"I did not rwieve in giving up, and was
about to send to Utica for a another physi
elan, when Mr. II. Seiert, the blacksmith
who attends to my horses, recommended me
to try Dr. Williams' I'nk Pills, as a. ssured
me they had done wonderful things for him.
I had read of these pills before and felt
somewhat inclined to try tner., before Set
eIrt spoke of them, but his recommendation
settled the mater, and I hbeame Dr. Will
lamin'pa!l.tnt. I took Pink Pulls steadily un
til I have consumed fior boxes, growing
better and better every day, my liver work
ing freely, my kidneys acting norma'ly. My
heart no longer troubled me, and I could di
ge.t my food. All that water brash, heart
burn. buzzing in the head, as if there were a
great e pty space in my cranium, disap
Sp:trod, and life began to be worth living,
which it ha I not been since my army ser
vice. I was cured in Iess than one year
from the time I began to take Pink Pills in
1894. and have been in fair health ever
since. Of course, I have to b careful, as 1
easily catch co!d, and it is apt to settle i.
my right side, but a dose or two of the Pink
Pil;s soon set me to rights again, and I shall
never be without them, uule~ something
very unforeseen occurs.
"I do not want it understood that I am
oasting any stres against those who are pen
stioners If I were needy I should certataly
ask for what I am entitled to, but belag am
ply provided with this worldl's goods, I to
not require it. My old comrades can testify
that I have holped many a one of them to
get a pension.
"'The above statement is true in evesry par
ticular. i certify on honor.
"(8rned) WE. H. Batoos."
Dr. Williams' Pink Plils contain, in con
densed form, all the elements necessary to
give new life and richness to the blood and
restore shattered nerves. They are also a
specific for troubles peculiar to females
such as suppressions. irregularities and all
forms of weakness. In men they effeet a
radical cure in all cases arising from men
tal worry, overwork or exceesse of what
ever nature. Pink Pills are sold in bases
(never in loose bulk) at 50 cents a box or six
bxes for $2.50, and may be had of all drag
gists, or direct by mail from Dr. Williams'
Medicine Company. Bcheoeutady, N. Y.
T DEAFNESS
And Head Nolse relieved
hr uting Wnll-es' teos.
EaDliee, Sqe ar I/rants
New ,eentllac invention,
ibWILSO EA Drum n the
wilng attachment. Write
for pamphlet Free.
WILSON EAR DRUM Co..
140 Trust Ride., Louisville, Ky.
Brookland Stock Farm
Has added to its herd of Poland-Chinas
Royal Black U .," a son of that most nr.ted
sire (old) Black L' S. No. 13471. Also "White
Paceo." the show sow of filmour's Herd. of
indiana. I will hook your order for a pig
(either sex, of this bre ding for Stand.
p ard-bred Shorthorn cattie.
R. M. SMITH, Shelbyvrille, Kg.
RO D S and Dip Needlies for Prospeto
lniert anoi Treasure Seekers
r(Clr-ulsr, I ents. P. &r M.
AdaKN(tY Palmer., Pens.
SAlo gs anted for new ine of speeslties.
DyPITE eTS r ,e es xere reed sotchr
a fdftte or radc.(I.. Deane. Itle prn. ex
amter"CU 8. Patent aMclle.i DTsse
& Wanvan. cNUI Buildlng, Wuhlagtoc, . C.
Why LetYour ChIokens,
Hoeg8 Cattle and Moraes Die?
Dr. Salmon's Medictase are guaranteed to crea
and fatten them or money refunded. If year dealer
ceanot supply you send 25 cents for large sample
pacag antL PFr-te-'s benda bnkl of information.
VKTIRINARY MIDIClNE CO., Nuhvllle, Ten.
CURtUCOII&STTIMO
25 so* ' ORUGGISm
ABSOLUTLY GUIITIED Q1 at" a" , t " c " thre s irrdeseals.
h e. cn a re r e dp e. m r us e s n _r e
a beelet fee. Ad. 5 UTl I3 3r3 3l emhie. b easre. o Cs. nw Terk. fit
might well be the name of the
page book sent postpaid foe
;OOR M AN S- -In stamps by the BOOK
008R MA p ENCYCLOPEDIA
PUBLISHINO HOUSE,
134 Leonard Street, N. Y. City, for t serves the purpose of the great encyclopmdla
oesting a hundred times the 80s. asked. It Is completely Indexed, making the information
tnstantly available. With this val- able book you have a world of knowi
edge at your Angers' ends. and can easily asupply a lack of early educa.
tional advantages. When reading, don't you constantly come across t.
erence you fa to understand? Ian't ~Qc. a small amount to pay for having sucA knowledgp
at hand? Do you know who Crus warns, and where he lived? Who built the Pyr'.mids, and
when? That sound travels 11 tfeet per mcond What is the longest river in the world? That
Marco Polo invented the copass In lI. and. who ao Polo was? What the Gordian w not
0 mts s e a -about. M*ows as the ver 5
Gladness Comes
W ith a better understanding of the
transient nature of the many phys
ical ills which vanish before proper ef
forts-gentle efforts-pleasant efforts
rightly directed. There is comfort in
the knowledge that so many forms of
sickness are not due to any actual dis
ease, but simply to a constipated condi
tion of the system, which the pleasant
family laxative, Syrup of Figs, prompt
ly removes. That is why it is the only
remedy with millions of families, and is
everywhere esteemed so highly by all
who vales good health. Its beneficial
effects are due to the fact, that it is the
one remedy which promotes internal
cleanliness, without: debilitating the
organs on which it acts. Itis therefore
all important, in order to get its bene
ficial effects, to note when you pur
chase, thatyon have the genuine article,
which is manufactured by the California
Fig Syrup Co. only, and sold by all rep
utable druggists.
If in the enjoyment of good health,
and the system is regular, then laxa
tires or other remedies are not needed.
If aflicted with any actual disease, one
may be commended to the most skillful
physicians, but if in need of a laxative,
then one should have the best, and with
the well-informed everywhere, Syrup of
Figs stands highest and is most largely
used and gives most general satisfaction.
10
DR. O. T. DOZIER,
(The Reoewaed 8estbera Speciallet.)
Ilrnilnglnani, Ala.
Successfully treats, at office or BY MAIL,
all fornm of C'hronic Nervous. Blood. Skin
and Private Diseases of Men and Women.
CURES GUARANTEED.
All Chronic Diseases of Langs, Liver
Heart. Kidneys. Bladder. and all diseases of
the Genlto-urinary organs are in my line of
practice. Diseases peculiar to women, and
all venereal diseases of either sex positivel
cured by mild and safe remedles. impedi
ments to marriage. as Stricture. Varlco
cele, Impotencr. Emissions and all evil re
sults of selfl-abuse or excessive Indulgence
quickly and permanently cured. I guaran
tee satisfaction in every case I treat. My
valuable "Book for Men Only." and Symp
tom Blanks for men or women will be sent
free into plain, sealed envelope to all who
apply. Coaslitation free, whether In per
son or by letter.
A FEW EXTRACTS FROM PRESS ENDORSEMENTS
Hundreds more of like character, and
thousands of high testimonials from pa
tients can be furnished if necessary.
(Atlanta Constitution.)
Dr. O. T Dosler, the head of the Southern Medical
Dispensary of Btirnalghat. Ala., ii a specialist O
nearly twenty years' experience in the treatment of
chronic, nervous and privet- dlse-e and hi sal-
form success has given hin a leading position in the
medical profession.
(M3asnale Guide.)
Dr. Dnosier can be relied upon to treat diseases Is
the most successful manner, and he is known all
over the south.
(The Southern Odd Fellow.)
We cannot add anythlng to the reputation Dr.
0. T. , osier has already acquired in the line of ale
profesion, but we know him to beabrother Odd
Fellow th t can be relied on to carry out every
promise he makes to thoe needing his services.
(Age Herald.)
* * * Dr. Dozier has resided for many years in
Birmingham. and each successive year bas added to
his reputation, to his usefulness and to the esteem
in which he is held by our best itllsnn.o His I ag
record and approved abilities enittae him to th
proud distinction of standing at '"the heed of his
professiou.
(People's Weekly Tribune.)
As a specialist Dr. Dozier Is unexcelled by say
livingphysician " " r He is a ceorglDaby brth,
a hg.h-touet. cultured. 'hristlan gentlemana, strMtly
Ihnest in all h a ,re haugs and a&.aclaily responailie
for al his contracts.
(Dally News, Birmlngham.i
Dr Dotzier is a physician and surgeon of edneatios
skill and experience. a man or culture and hi
literary sttilnnieltt and a gentlem.nn res.ected by
all who know him. He can be relteGdon is al mat
ters peralanllg to his profession.
(tihaamn Christian Advocate.)
HIs (Dr DozLer's) prollfeslnal steadlng I. unim.
peaeohabhie and his character as a gentleman a4d
itizea is above reproach
Address
DR. O. T. DOZIER,
Look Box 112, BRutMIGoalu , ALA.
SctOOL BOOKS.
S THE PEOPLE CAN BUY
From s at owNo LAL Rc , and
tecond-hand books will be cheaper stilL
Write for our catalogue and price list,
free. W.H. OWINGS,
88 First Avenue, Birmingham, Ala
I n]J p y fo ur name In our Public Dtreeto7"
,L and gets you a Handy Dictionary of S) i' worse
AIr worth 510 to you. South Pu . Co., Reaooke, V
1 sm W m mHISth bbhitac Ped td ka
e s, 5a . weesal. AtLAerb k