That Tired Feeling
It is remarkable how ciany people forerunner of nervous prostration,
there are who have That Tired Feeling with all the horrible suffering that,
and seen, to think it is of no irlpor- term implies. That Tired Feeling and
tance or that nothing need be done for nervousness are sure indications of an
it. They would not be so careless if impure and impoverished condition of
the blood. The craving of the sy.stem
they realized how really serious the for help can only be met by purifying
malady is. But they think or say, "It the blood. Hood's Sarsaparilla is the
will go off after a while." one great blood purifier. It expels all
We do not mean the legitimate impurities, gives vitality and strength.
weariness which all experience after a regulates the digestion and makes the
hard day's work, but that all-gone, weak strong.
worn-out feeling which is especially "In the sprine I felt very much nun
overpowering in the morning, when down-no strength or appetite. I began to
the body should be refreshed and take Hiood's arsaparilla and my appetite
improved and I did not have that tired feel
ready for work. It is often only the Ing." II. It. SQIt1ss, East Leverett, :.ass
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Makes Pure Blood.
Tn hi, PEax rein.*.
The stars and striper, have been
carried further north by Lieut. J. Ii.
Lockwood, between May 13 and 15,
1882, to latitude 83 degrees 21 min
utes north, longitude 411 degrees 46
minutes west, and further south by
the pilot schooner Flying Fish of New
York under ,leut. W. M. Walker,
who reached on March 24.1 1839, lati
tude 70 degrees 14 minutes south,
longitude 10') degrees west.
The ].rgest One.
Perhaps the largest camellia in ex
Istence is at the l'iluitz castle, near
I)resden, Germany. The tree is
twenty-four feet high and annually
produces about 50,0U) blossoms.
A Poisonous allst.
This fitly dccrtu muiaama, a vaporous g4i
son wnlII breens catl aIu l.:ver, iuos re
uitttent, dulu atue, ague Lake, aul ui tuto
lOptiu a deauvy tL)yuuld torma uo lever. lhu,
tetter a btonmac ultt erts prvclt aud tures
tihme companta. tLliouuaueM, ton~tLpatlon
yspaepsia, lerbolUs andl Kultnlui truuml, ruad
auLusi, OuewaIjSu anl Impaylred VitaILA std
auu ftIn@iSI Ly tnn great r LturaLtO.
It is often much easier to go in debt than
it is to get out.
Lanims needing a tonic, or children who
want building up, should take Brown's
Iron Bitters. It is pleasant to take, cures
Malaria, indigestion, Biliousness and Liver
Complaints, makes the Blood rich and
pure
The most severe critics of the bride, is
her former rivals.
A Valuable Gift.
A esplete editest work. with 100 favorite Pre
rttlose for all diseases of man and beset, price
$I.a sans Oe bottle of Dr. Thurmond's Catarrb
Care. or Blood Syrup, sent to any address for U1.L
Adaress Tbarmead Cheaocal Co.. Dallas, Tea.
If men were as self-sacrificing as women,
there would be fewer divorce suits.
If you have
al and it's boo nn c !.
SAFE FOR FEMALE DISEASES, such as Falling of the
U A RD WIomb, ]nfSmmation, Ulceration, Tumors, Whites, Irrega
0I U D lasrite., Ovarian, Bladder and Kidney troubles. SBat Guard
PASTILLES Pastille n ever ai to effect a cure. Have been used in
your dra. roes ot uem Dr. bnro e rd tPunlle In took, write to me direct
Prnls. 5,O per box. ore boxes for 3.DO. For frrber Information address Di. Y. AUIIDrOT., 401
Wseblhgtoa Avegue. corner Live Oak street. DALLAS. TaX.
Data DuCro : About a y ago i was In very bed bealtbhand no phystean eould do m aay good.
.hrough a friend of I lerned of your ae G. P. and used them. y recov be from ihe nrsl
e "t'meL To-day I am well and strong. I heav Induced about 50 ladles to euse th Pastlles for remale
Dmseensad all are well or Improving rapidly. It any one doubts the virtue of your groat remedy,
a urd Pmutlle, se thmr my addre. Yours trly, runs. Kapa.lx Loo, PalestIne, Tex.
"SAY BOSS! Them People
Won't Take This
p-TheyWant
SOM?
eveybody wants amirette
Soap who knows the good.
nessof it. Try itoncesd
you will refiue all other
kinds, too. Sold everywhere.
Made only by
LL FiUW aYUNy,
'CROC RIES S
Very Latest Styles, IImiIMromm
ap W ef0 th* oL 2 30 a , , o • V ew h
-l er P T E
- h wy WV aa,, t
- .
irI
A deaf man generally hears when you
dont want him to.
F. J. CIIENEY & CO., Toledo, O.. Proprs. of
Hall's ('tarrh Cure, offer $100 reward for any
case of catarrh that can not be cured by taking
Hall a Catarrh ('urr. Send for testimonials,
free. Sold by Druggists. 75c.
Most of the young ladies are looking for
an acceptable "steady."
Maur persons are broken down from
overwork or household cares. Brown's
Iron Bitters rebuilds the system, aids di
i gestion, removes excess of bile, and cures
malaria. A splendid tonic for womes and
children.
Daughters are much the nicest when not
over twelve years old.
If the Baby Is Cutting Teeth.
It sure and use that old and well-tried remedy, M1t
WusLOW's SoorTnis Sract for Children Teething
A debate between two distinguish
ed American citizens of African de
scent at Atlanta, Ga., resulted in the
adoption of a resolution to the effect
that "the Americans of African de
scent can never rise to full manhood
in the United States, and that the re
demption and civilization of Africa
as the future home of the American of
African descent is desirable."
ONLY ONE AND THAT IN JULY.
Ezeursion to Colorado.
The (;rest Rock Island Houte will sen tickets
cheap for this excursion to Denver in July. and
you should post yourself at once as to rates and
routes.
send by postal card or letter to Jno. Sebastian,
G. P. A.. Chicago. for a beautiful souvenir Issued
by the Chicago. Rock Island & Pacifo R'y. called
the "'Tourist Teacher." that tells all about the
trip. It will b eent free. It is a gem, and you
should not delay In asking for it.
JNo. SKaANTIAN, G. P. A., Chicago.
The more people know the less likely
the) will be to go crazy.
A New Method.
A ijew method of determining thq
presence of metallic poisons in the'
body after death is to pass a current'
of electricity through it. discompos
i, ing the torsion and depositing the
metal on one of the electrodes. It isl
said that in the cases of antimony.'
lead, copper, mercury, etc., thii
method will detect the presence of as
small a quantity of the metal as one
thousandth of a grain.
Great iritain annt Venezsu-l..
One of England's demands on Ven
ezuela is for possession of the Island
of Baramas, at the mouth of Orinoco,
which would be a fine location for a
great fortress, such as England has
created at Halifax and Vancover.
That little island looks insigniiTcanti
on the map, but it is a key to a fourth,,
of the inland trade of the South Amer
ican republics.
The "complexion brush" is the
latest addition to the toilet. It is
said to give "a healthy glow to the
face and remove wrinkles."
Don't Tobacco Spit or Smoke Your Life Awa
Is the truthful, startllne :itle of a cook abhout
No To-Bac, the harmless. gu;arant-eed tobacto
habit cure that braces up nicotinrel ner\es,
eliminates the nicotine poison, makes weak
men gain strength. vigor, and manhood. Yo
run no physical cr financial risk, as No To Its:.
is sold by Druggists ,'vervwhrr-:. under guar
antee to cure cr money refundedt Book f re
Ad. Sterling Remedy (o.. New York or Chicago
The devil has never found it diflicu't to
thrust himself in between the debtor and
the creditor.
TO COTTON GF:OWERS AND
GIN NERS.
The Galveston Maritime AssoOlation-To
Farmers, Glnners, Cotton Shippers.
Carriers, Manuftcturers of tagging
and the General Public Interested in
the Better Handling of Cotton.
GALVESTON, Tex., April 15, 1Sl3.
Considering the numerous and undoubt
edly well merited complaints being niadeat
the Mill Points regard:nr; the enormous
loss in weight sustained oil Texas Cotton,
and the wretched condition generally in
which it is received, it is itulsrative that
all parties interwcted in the chief product
of our state should take concentrated ac
tion to rectify the causes attributable
thereto, which are as follows:
The lack of uniformity in the size of the
bales; the insufficient quantity and
strength of the bagging used to adequately
protect the Cotton and retain distinguish
able marks; and the want of the proler
number of strong ties to prevent the bales
from bursting.
Therefore, in order to bring about much
needed reforms in the handling of Cotton
from the time it is ginned until delivered
at the Mills, so it may bring the
highest price to which it is
with due care, entitled, we baJ to call your
attention to the following ruYes adopted by
the New Orleans Maritime Convention,
now promulgated by this Association,
composed of the various Ship Agents at
the Port of Galveston, which will take
effect August 1st, 1'Ji5, viz:
1. All ocean freight quotations will be
based upon a compressed density of twen
ty-five pounds of Cotton per cubic foot,
when delivered alongside the vessel.
2. The size of a standard bale of Cotton,
as put up at the gins, shall be as follows
2'8 inches Loxed width and 55 inches boxed
length.
3. All Cotton shall be covered entirely
with bagging weighing not less than V'i
pounds per running yard, and bound with
eight good iron or steel ties.
4. All bales of larger dimensions and
covered with bagging of less weight or
bound with less number of ties, will be
charged with additional ocean freight, or
rejected as being in unmerchantable condi
tion for ocean carrying. Yours very truly,
DAS'I. RPLvT, President.
The Interior Compress association, at a I
meeting held at Dallas April 25, 1805, s
adopted the following:
Resolved, that we urge farmers and gin
ners of cotton to use no bagging lighter t
than 2,j pounds per yard, and, also to 1
change their press boxes to conform to the t
standard fixed by the Maritime association
of New Orleans and Galveston, and thus
save an expense of not less than one dol'ar e
per bale, which will be taxed at the ports s
against the cotton because of its unmer- o
chantable condition. d
We would admire the summer girl more b
If she didn't have such a hard time to stay o
pinned together. tl
Piso's Cure for Consumption relieves the C
post obstinate coughs.-Rev. D. Bccn- v
UL'LLES, Lexington, Mo., Feb. 24, '94.
How hard it is to appear affectionate h
when you don't feel so. i
LI
rihbtlu. hemnywholi e be t
terth. others and enjoy life more, with
eIs expenditure, by more promptly I
d·aptin the world's beet prodpuct to
he _nc of phyJical being, will attest
the valu, to health of the pure liquid
lasative pri ples embraced in the
nemedy, aoi Fi on
Itseel is due to its presentlng h
in the form mot acceptable sad plea
ant to the taste, the refshiing ad truly b
benelldal properties of a perfect Isx
tive; etL ectually cleasing the system, b
aplling colds, headaches and fevers
permanently curing constipation.
It aes gives estisfaction to million and
mt with the approval of the medical
profeelm, becamue it aets on the Kid- El
sys, Liver and Bowels without weak- pi
eiang them and it is perfectly free from
very objectionable substance.
Syrpof Figs isforsale by salldrug o
si a ta0e adf1 bottles, but it is man
.factoraed by the California Fig Syrup
Oa. only, whose name is printed on every
packagLe, asim the name, Syrup of Fig%,
sad.being well informe; ow will noa
--ept any substitute if omred,
bli
h RETRIEVE THE DISMAL SWAMP.
he A Wealthy Virginian Willh, Hopes to Iten
nt der Useful a Famou' Region.
)8 The famous dismal swamp, of Vi
hey ginia has been sold to Thomas Bial
isj lentine. a millionaire farmer of the
v., state. for U10. '00-a good deal of
i- ground and water for thoe money. If
as the farmer is energetic, the Brookl n
e a- Eagle says. he will recover his outlay
and make a good deal besides, for the
swamp is not all swamp, by any
means. Originaily the swamp was a
n- dreadful morass for perhaps the larger
ad part of its mapped extent; it was lit
o, tie known to white people anti for
a that reason it was an advantageots
as hiding place for slaves who were, fly
ýr. ing from bondage and making their
11 way northward. That some of them
th, gained their liberty is known but it is
r-4 quite probable that many of them lost
their way in the wilderness and per.
Ished there in the awful silence of
ie black waters and moss bannered
is trunks sinking to death, perhaps, in
le the stagnant ooze or falline. exhausted
with hunger and travel, amid en
tangling vegetation that shut out the
sight of the sky that overhung the
land of liberty.
By the digging of the canal some of
, the ponded waters of the swamp were
;. drained and when a railroad was car
ried through it was followed by the
o 'making" of nov ground on which to
t plant stations, mills for cutting fuel for
d the locomotives, cabins for the men em
ployed in the maintenance of the road
and '-ruck" gardens for small farm
ers who supply the men. These
patches of good ground have spread
ro and grown until there is something of
a permanent population in the swamp
' and capacity for more. A northern
man who went there to settle would
probably require a few pounds of
quinine pills and would always look
around the floor before he went to bed
- to make sure that the servant had put
tt the rattlesnakes and moccasins out for
1l the night; but people inured to the
climate and conditions perhaps
t through generations, seem to thrive
t as well there as others do on dry
plains and salubrious hills.
*There are thousands of square
e miles of this countr, that figured on
d the maps of 18i50 as the arid and un
_ inhabitable, and an enormous tract
between the Missouri and the Sierras
was labeled "the great American des
ert." Franklin. with the far-seeing
oe.e of the philosopher, drew his pen
d through this title when he found a
e map that bore it hanging in the study
aof the king of France. It might not
r have been good manners, but it was
done in the interest of what the
scholar felt instinctively to be the
t truth. It re luired a century to just
i ify the act but it has been justified
and on the soil that buffaloes had
beaten into a crust during their ages
of wandering up and down the conti
nent and that Lieutenants Pike and
Long reported would never be capa
I ble of supporting a population. 'ex
cept Indiana " crops grow luxuriant
ly. trees spread their grateful shade
where the ghostly sage brush whis
pered in the wind and fair cities dot
I the plain with happ; homes and send
afar the hum of prosperous labor.
A Mean S1am.
Gisley has often been told that he
was the meanest man in the world.
In fact, he has a red heaaed sister
and couldn't well escape be:ng told
so but many of his friends doubted
until he was married. They all be
Slieve it now. Mrs (igsley is one of
the dearest, loveliest, most innocent,
trusting. affectionate creatures that
ever longed for a strong. manly bo
som to rest upon. They were marri
ed two weeks ago and. as Gigsley
doesn't believe in wedding tours, they
began housekeeping immediately out
oc the avenue. The second day of
their wedded bliss had passed and
Gigsley had just finlshed the supper
which Mrs. G. had spent all the long,
torrid afternoon in preparing. when
he took his hgt and cana kissed the
little woman tenderly, and started for
the door. "Why. Charlie you arn't
going out, are yoP?" said the sweet
creatura, with a tremor in her voice.
*Why-ye- " was the rather uncon
corned reply. "And leave me all
alonef' A suspicious moisture of
the eye saocompanied this appeal. "Oh.
I won't be gone long." he said re
assuringly. "I'm only just golngdown
town to get something to eat."
Chicago Times
Her Case Was Ropeless.
Hartford girls are renowned for
their beauty. It must be admitted '
that there are a few plain women in -
town but they were born elsewhere.
(ne of the latter, who is really pain.
fully homely, called on a physician
who is uas plain in his speech as his
patient is in respect to her fac He
tried to cheer her; her ailment was
a trifling matten he said. 'Oh. doc
tor." she groaned. "I feel worse than
I look." '"Then my dear young lady
I fear there is no hope for you.'
Hartford Post
The Cheoaat ·et.
Mrs Van Leever-Didan't you
one say It was obheper to move
than pay rent?
Mr. Van Leever(dubiously)--Yes;
but I was younger then. Now I am .
eonvineed that it's cheapest of all to
burn out and got your Insurano, -
Miss W-(flrom Beton). Wky,
Ella how delightfull Here is a comn
plate set of Mollera e
Ella-Molly EyreP
Muss W-Yesr I aever supposed H
you cared for that sort of reading.
Ell--Indeed I do. I Just dote on
her. ,.Lfo I ..
A 1moasele Trait.
"'eua ortn't to pet them pieoces o' E
maesy in yer mouth. 8wtpooy." said
Q'e newsboy.
" Why not?" deanaded the boot.
black.
"*'Co It ma't mualy. It makes ye
look li i a aw mas Ila' s amstrs
eItttau.CbiOsp Pnlls elbmas
ý r
Bq.
Pure
One Factor.
It appears that in Japan one factor
t entering into the problem of the
a choice of a daughter-in-law is her
skill in raising silkworms. The
C thread spun by the silkworm is said
3 to be regular and even in proportion
5 as the worm has been regularly and
Y carefully fed. The prospective
' mother-in-law carefully and minutely
s examines the e\enness of the silk
threw in the material of the gar
ments worn by the young lady before
giving her assent to the betrothal.
A Great Fxplonlcn.
Red phosphorus combines with
I chlorate of potash to make an explo
sion of great violence. A London
paper thinks that if this fact of chem
istry had been more generally known
s it might have saved the disagreeable
consequences which recently followed
I when a man who had not studied
chemistry put his safety matches into
the same pocket with his throat loz
enges.
Mothers appreciate the good work
of Parkers Ginger Tonic. with it, reviving qualities
-a boon to the pain strh eIn.sleheless and nervous.
It is so easy to reform others: so hard to
reform one's self.
When you come to realize
that your corns are gone. and no more pain. how
grateful you feel. All the work of Hindercorns. hIa.
It seems that about half of the people
think the other half chunlae.
Dr. PIERCE'S
FAVORITE
PRESCRIPTION
FOR
WEAK WOMEN.
On first introducing this world-famed medi
cine to the afflicted, and for many vears thcre
after, it was sold under a Positive Ouarantee
of giving entire satisfaction in every case ior
which it is recommended. So uniformly suc
cessful did it prove in curing the diseases, de
rargements and weakncsses of women that
claims for the return of money paid for it were
exceedingly rare. Since its manufacturers can
now point to thousands of noted cures effected
by it in every part of the land, they believe its
past record a sufficient guarantee of its great
value as a curative agent, therefore, they now
rest its claims to the confidence of the afflicted
soledlupon that record. By all medicine dealers.
Ely's Cream Bal
Cleanses the Nasal it
Passages, Allays Pain R
and Inflammation,
Restores the Senses of
Taste and Smell.
Heals the Sores~
Appsl Balm into neh nostril.
ELY anaos.. fi WKne St., l. Y
HAIR BALSAM
"e a o'aventor' Obeor How ti e
s ?nunco¶.ceir roun..aat O,
Patents Trade-Marks,
Sli5i n for.C. Nort 'Gu a until t,,-nt Get
UW a e. WOrnat luoer'· de. o
D~lJ % in. Te. i, the
uRpmIke 1 Write for real:. gue and n.tlnonian .
FOUINDERS AHID MACHINISTS ;uaI';ovl -
lt- Competresses in lour P..l1. Waterwork k
OlI Mills, l .s lee I 'Pla l, rilr e ti aht. n .
renara. Writ as. Masheer M'Tg Co. Dallas.
MRA Woleemlo S ° i- '"
EMERSON, TALCOTT& CO. , ,l ,,ie .,
Standard Cultivators, wboasv. ,
PLANTERS, MOWERS, I n
oats., - * - Teas eafoe l
W IS DALLAS 19-Y5
When Answering Advertisements Klng. '
IMuen uthe Pape,
Did you evor L1(tice that l htil4 tnI.teI
r nas good as it lools in a (.,,k Itoik
ýe There are lPeronos ho liplani a slen
r} which reads.: "I anm cultured."
d "angon' i malo Corn Salve."
.'arrantel to cute or nisuey Iafanded. A.kL you
drugghlt tur it. I''i e l ,eiL t.
d It is about time for the suntlner girl to
!lappear again.
yI
* ASK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR *
e PEIRI A
n *THE BEST*
3 °NURSING MOTHERS,INFANTSrP°
°CHILDREN
* JOHN CARLE & SONS, New York. *
THE SILVER DUESTION,
0
0
Do You Want to Understand the Science d
Money? It Is Plainly Told in
COIN'S FINANCIAL SERIES
SENT POSTPAID.
No. i of ourslrre :s lIIMTMtAI.Ii't 4 N ,to'.
O EIi.TIi.LIM by Ar'iIb .lhop l',Ira oIf 1)11I n,
Ireland. -Ioventy e:ght lipages All able docu
i,ent: t rcents
No 2. COI.Nsi HAND 1lOKoK y V I . Hlar.
vey. Dentsi s h t h eleLenitary principi.es of
n:): ry and atllt-tl is. I'orit sip Jagsa. 10
Cents.
No. 3. ( OIN R FINA' :'IA ,( Sic .t.. I V W.
H. Hanrey. Illiustriiate I .I pail. s I..d( 4 i llus
trations It sunplili . the l i..i.i li i.,lret "i
an ord nary schoollov in I:understand it. It id
the textnllok of thet ma"ew at solIutely rellaihle
n11 to f:(cts land Iiures ana the nliost interest
inm arld entlertlilni:lo I , o1 o th-- sbllljeclt of
money published. I'ri e best a ditiln. pap r,
sewed. cover two olrs ,~A) Ctnts Poplular 1id(l
I0o:1. 25 centa. Cloth. t Ell .
No 4. A TAL.K or I w NAT -ION It, W Ift.
Hlarvey. A notel of 31 : pie.( A !OI stlir'
that gives the hi.tery of (enlotll u tll /i.ion uillt
deple:s the evil spirit anrd inflxrni e Ithat haive
worked the destrllte on o~f Amriilll pre s: rllty.
A fascnanat an nnl intrutl.lt r , o It ho~ld
tie reader with wo-u.lrful ir ,e ctI fromnl Ibegin
nine to end. Popullar '.ditii ,lt  lltts. extra
quality paper, F.i rcents. In cloth I *il
No . CHAIIPTiAR~n ON ý it, 'y Judre
Henry G. Miller of ( nicaigo Illi paoes. A
took suitable for all Iholtihltful reade<rs of the
money question. Papelr ollyl. )' tists
No 6. IP 10o DAEIC. (cN s F'INIAN(IAL
SunOOr. (ONTINIIEir I 1W. If 1.3arey. Illlu
trated. Si0) pages andil .i illustratorns. It hla
history of I( o t, the hliti r I nllnc.er. slncr de.
livering his l( tulires in ('lhi-n o It is dedi
cated to thlle rm.' deri or f tI ,IN s FINANCIAI.
I Sc(inoL alnd hl ould only hI" read by those who
have read the "vih-,l ' Every toter in the
Intllredi State's ollhl reiid it. P opular edition,
ice"itl; Letter papier edition, 1A tents. Llolti,
$1 cO
After Mayv 1. I iC, all persons norering "( nini'
Flnanciliiail h.lorl" or 'p to LDtCe t oil' Fi
Ia o1 . t School C(entinld. in ltoth. wi I get
the two looki printed togiether and round in
.i hth for I 00. rent Intp:uld Toi two I noks
togethtrr mat.e the liront (ompletle treai,: on
the subject of mnenv ever Ir nlte
Or Mpeelatl uere.
We sendt the following fo ;r bmoks rootpald
frrll O00 Illimetallism and Monoriiel;allitm ,2y
rents). ('oln's Hand Iook Io tenls t. (voil i 'i
nanc-il School (If) cent eli!;oni , and A 'tule of
Two Nations (!,o cent edition$ It 35 for l (U0.
In ordering these. say "et No I. of 4 L.kso;. '
We also flurnish for I100 ll) , iietitllin and
lonormetallisrn 25 tents . Coins liand Btooi
1i0 cents,. ('li:,l i'inllncial School ,5 cent edi
t ni u ATale of l'wiN it t114 (°.3 ceut editiol),
(Cihaptern n -ilser *r, lclt ePtloti . and Up to
I):ite l(or 0 ' IFinancial .!U,! ,I ('ontinled ,i
('ill editioii ti if t fo r ¶1 iI t I lit rt.-ri t t o
I tno)h (Coltaill.,I! i ll n li, I ufy r, s-My .":rt No
Sof 6 boLksj "
I'ourlay of tt.e fore 'o!u: I ook sor offte r ''mIt
i tatl p illp rio.tlituio 11a c ir.¶-'r. expr. r- -or
dr.. lM It rer :d .,'lttOr. liatkh draft Or cLr ei"LV,
bt.: do no! I.^, pe rso:l,l, clt.ec s. us .t l : ;.! L4 f
hargt us for colCle.tIng ttIi m Addlrei
itW4eO ( d 5 tUI Ms . eids's ALt..
S I see soI. S s tLke). . *. III.