LOUISIANA OPCUTLIST. I
ENII E I'It AT l1iE ..\'!"li :..: i .
1 I li Al A ',\>E(, I , l. ,li, .
1H . L. EL A. - I l.
TV. IT.. :A!EA I'. - - Pi'lliln I er.
S':: 'i - i  . n \ i , ..........: .... t I oi
.\:.. .. .............. h t
" t .,r  , lih-......... ..... 4t
r--E
.' . . d . 1: . 1 S te
R, ,eme+ , r. , - 8., 6 , - ,
11 ,, c t, h r' ..n... r, I" + - "l ii'
r T , 'o t ie '-i l-h- -' -
pointmen;"~1; (·)i 4. 0e'r.) W il th t
B th,'e arlY' , ' i 1, rcl D,,.lyi,,t  "5) hr i t l +l r 4
". ir h... . t . ..i - 11 t+ .... t1 p"r p, ' .
na, ¶ tlem i t fie r e pt o llr thn e.IIlt i
Tit It a l +.e 1 +',1.t l li . ,+l 101 .. el" , /- !''-.
iui t oaeii te ' ,i dil tat wll r Ci)"il'l t t i - he t 'i T i t 1e t C
T' he. a) ocrts hxclie rti.  l iti en.
et 'l r. Thos. F. Portr for the ip- t
pIdntlln o -a her t. W hilre thtr
hicht se oethrs nsmare in danrof
the hon. ,r mt fott i, e l»L-t Ir , n Prter
wtill n do his duty as nhe tsees I tot,
plnh ent as r'et of c ll the? N, 0tle.
crllta was ex cerlloent. ,o
It tnakes trains alt d nerey to t
e(o,1 lr.n Tos. F. Polpte for th e ap
rtin a contry respapber. i-er t
dihntd bly it he  hintes ytnhg t
il money Alo y is hrequired-a- ft
which some Roerons ar in danger
of foryettinr.--Pr.ss and Printer. n
has iperod wmonderfully in ap-t ,
plrementwas best tof al the N, 0
Thme snough the l Teai nmenemo
earceince T Brob . woasr eo ther C
looks has tim atd the edirtor t
also, andg Bro. MAlpin is now get
tina out a very nrewitahle paper
oThe F yarmerville Herald is not
of for .--Pre is a. d Printer. .
dite D bly the Frm isin g youn le
Strimt, C rh. Ronert an anotherl
we notiincmarked improvementsok
slrmehny, but exaet to see the ,er- O
allo, and Bro.ut Mitn is noimest- 1
lr one oaf our leadine papers soon.
pey Flarmerv is r ard- a nof Yt
iome of the rleadsin democratic
journicals are very much exercised
over the protorem:s andow is the
we see it, jufdging the future by
the peot, ie doaren't make any sati
peal of difference to the country
at large hoether it surives ts t.ll1
all ew a per eis alwayprs printed
in a rush. There is alwste l
something in it that should be left
oAt; or something left out thatt
ringove a the creitm : he isthe
shoc theo putyin. Itis sometimes
wilte and tshort eomins fthere is
moure educaeration in a bright newen
aper than there is ton a novelt You
aill ngnd the bri tes t boy on pan
tical, sensibl of e everyin dry questions
ois the boy w ho reads the newspa
pre.-meratrell Index.
eonl menting on rion Butler'sey
crges of fraud tin the olate elec
tion in Ohio and o ther closue Stats,
st isso Tomie Watson hes the tolt
lowing in pis lat i paper, i
to Ohioc to hunt bu election frauds
Ifa s adsynn doemant mind her
ile than that be has be ome a
The idea bor a ghtberz poylitician
gigh all tho way to Ohio to lind
specimens ' election fraud.s is fad.
my enomgn to put a Caeerfio smile
•o the ceekf of Pharado's mth a my.
* io an i n iol ansad wao .
If said ayy Ann Butler really
gwatse t .become familiar tietat
Oiot r hat asotunt of electionrd
rIsmlll d es let him peune the re
wil in the coatest brought by a
ruhin sinner, named auemon,
* heal 5& fI bodd~slut, named
tUt dinoel fr. auda i fauds
aY ,a4l to putk aA that will
lss Lm pb l M o cii usorul
To ose w e l'ets are r-M(.
(('not tell I t )y i , ut,, I .
who are ai- zled as to ,Ih lien:ini w1,
of life and your own < xistenie; ti a
at 5I write t r
, k,,k h. th,' (" ,lliiilli- ( ': tlHi- I':lt'r
tie patient .this)
and ) ('irsio l to Ttoner tlwords.
To hiiosle wanid houlerts aring uwar h
(1 vl it ti lllil) > :ct'l'(t\"OW 1that \'c);L ':h ln
to iterpret to y hi sief thle lit ::re
ninfvyash of unanimous thouli htte
that is flrrom countryk; to ou ntr
whO are, plazzlhd :s to the I vanlt:i;ll
Of life and yo lur own t(xi.ten',.., t,) I
Ia t Christmas-tide. t
I*.
The Igreat and the hsead-wis f re
oftn iv wrsion to ohle r the humble worands
of a humble ,oul razing utiw:',tl
to intcerprvet to himke anf t ihtrans
ninat the ush of npinions thou-aht
that leaps from country to country
allyt Christmas-tide. I
The wireat and werthe hturned asid-wie are
often wrong;ulm while the husimple andhep
obscure serve to make anti tran.
mit the public opinion that "raur
ally overthrows error. Note that
the wise men were turned aside to IE
,lernsalam while the simple shep- I
herds, patiently hdoing their weani- I
some duties by night. untrouhlel :
by the puzzling questions of the
Magi. learned more than these t
about "peace and good-will."
Sinco their day each age has
through its wisest tried to recre
ate and interpret anew the frag
mentary career of the lowly maln.
They have darkened his counsel i
with words, they have smotheredfl
the breadth of his purpose, they
have tried to wall around the sea t
of his goodness, they have attempt- ¬
ed to seal up and confine the sun- t
shine of truth. But over against
the limiters of light, the monopo
lists of heaven, the head-wise in- t
tprpreters, must be set the heart I
of the common people, who, like
the man born blind, cannot argue
down sophistries and puzzle out
intricate faiths, but can simply fall
back upon the unanswerable de
monstration of the peace and good- I
will, "whereas I was blind now I
see." Because he was so real a
man, tempted like themselves, the
great common heart has held fast
to him through centuries of rapine
and licentiousness among his pro
fessed interpreters, through ages I
of creed-making and creed-break- 1
ing, through cycles of bloodshed
an4 persecution by the professed I
exponents of "peace and good
will." Have miracles ceased? It
is a miracle that any of his plain
teachings should still live; yet
steadulily the light has climbed the
mountain sides of perversion and
now shines full strongly down into
the valley of the shadow of death
that we traverse.
Because then his friends were
the lowly, his mourners the tainted
and the bereft, his most faithful
servants through all ages the out
casts and the obscure; because also
this is the People's Age, the age of
democracy when the right to think
and to learn is no longer denied to
us by the lofty ones, may it not
have come to pass that this time of
all times most remote from the
customs, the ideas that surrounded
Jesus, is the best fitted after all
to measure the length and breadth
of the announcement of "peace
and good-will" that has so long
remained echoless.
And what is he to us, we anxious,
burdened workers? Whatever else
secretaries may discover in him, to
this soul be seems to be "just one
of us." We believe that his tem
tations were not mere theatric dis
plays, that his suffering was not
feigned. W'e know what agony is,
not less did he, in our cases we
can too often trace it back to a
breach of law, but not so could
"be, and thus the greater poignan
Icy inhis sufferings. We do not
lower him by thus thinLkngof him,
but we rmise ourselves to higher,
nobler bhmanity. Surely that was
the work hheam to do! Became
h.' P ;lt = a l. ill, lrtl' ti:[,' . _ . 1' o f -
Il,.l, h ! I 11 t I il h 'l I'.'er i 1
.:anhood is hlpal to w t-trº1iIhtºmp
I',tion undet r toott: 1)ee::Ii-e he rI'
m1:ine1( I. p r,, Lnd nheih',l,b , th,,re
is ''er ju it befori i ts a nI ('Xamlllhlt
to coprv. We disico',e1r him 1,, Ix'
no >olitter of tlwl o'_ic:l hairs: 1
Io ,er':it "r a;1,l enforcer of a sMt
heliet save in (God. thli father of
all, fromn which cat-e w~e are HIis t
solnýs, and o rothlers to Jestus. I
"l').ets, not creedls: deeds are
'reels," his f rward cry. "lis
es'eed cnouglh to see in hiim a ca- r
reer to imit:te. "Cr('eels iirst.
deed' afterw:arls," the opposing t
woro ls of those who, Ihv their hu
mnu folly, 'vold have darkened I
the light that rose in the human t
heart from his career. 1
** I
Tlhrouit'h him we see that those
who never un.lerst:and their grand
ear, whose hearts never throb with
noble purpose, whose powers nev
er rcj;oice to run the race of life, I
are thi,-e who look outward from t
within perpetually, as though the
universe circled for -them alone.
To such, wrapped uill in self, whose
souls needs must hb saved though t
all others perish, willing to take
hut unwilling to give, dead. though t
appearing to live; to all such his t
life gives relnke. From him we 1
learn a truth that the great world
around is fast grasping; that he a
who eives modt gets most: he is
filled with good things and crown- i
ed with _lory and honor imperish
able, who seattereth all of good
that he has, that his soul is best
saved whoso soul is seolf-reckoned i
as naught if he can but save oth- t
ers. T'o breathe such an atmos
phere of spirit after groveli:in in
agony as some of us do, afraid to
live and yet more afraid to d(lie, is
to move from the air of the dun
geon into the ecstacy of the moun
tain top. Life lived in his way has
infinite width to it; it is its own
great rewardl, yet other rewards
there he. It hushes the clamoring
passions, it gives a man world
citizenship; it enables him to see a
kinsman in every fellow; it thrills
him even in obscurity with a sense
of brotherhood to all.the great
souls of all the ages; it guides the
hand upward into the Divine, and
the narrow, darkend way tioal
en' into a golden, shimmering
spre:ad of light up which to tritvel
to the real center of kbhin::;.
*9
Wh"ther avowlly or not mat
ters little, it is his spirit that thrills
the closing ynars of our century.
Against the fatalism and materi
alism! of IMahommed, against the
selSihness and pessimism of the
Hindoo anxious to escaper away in
to unc-nsciok--ncss, against the
4lavish worship of the past by the
Confucians, we see a virile, ag
gressive, hopeful force at work in
every nation that has fallen under
the inflrence tf Jesus. Hide
bound Judaism never emancipated
the human mind, as his influence
has dont. The growing thought
fulness of man for man is his
work; the spirit of Jesus is abroad
to bring us all together in one as
human beings with mutual obliga
tions, Hle it is who make~ us feel
a kinship to the fallen woman and
the fallen man; to the agonized and
the children; for are they not all
bearing the Image of humanity,
which he, the great unselfish one,
the friend of sinners, also hore?
Yet some of us are groping on
ward as if in a night-black passage.
We glance bewildered at the events,
the dangers, the pleasures of life,
and then pass away forever with
out understanding our relation to
it and our fellows. I can imagine
the All-Father mourning over such
wasted force, such profitless exist
ence, when the key of life is already
within the world and within our
reach :
"Emmannel; God with us!"
Capt J. N. Pharr and many
others of the sugar planters are
Sgetting up and sending out large
Scontributions of sugar and molas
ses to the drouth sufferers. He
has no state funds to donate, but
- opens his own purse--his is a free
tdonation. Quite a number who
abused the "old Roman" in the
first of the year will sop his syrup
and sweeten their coffee with his
Ssugar at the samne time next year.
S--Banner of Liberty.
,:lr r ,f 1,'4 li' Pi p i ii 4 l.
hy very que:'stih:nall nthodl.: at
and ql4iet in which to\ enjoy it.
The dr1outh suit'eri.r. of o1r hills.
the o11'.rt-Ose rihoen, G;-cetit cnttcni
p:itr <of our 4ivall,.'V, the hard
pre=sed (and some bul te, d) tr
chtants of our towenls 1u:. t "'irin
and enlure" their trouil's in si
lence, h'c:ause the Erntterltrise is
too busy enjoyini her slice of the
peopl,'s taxes to even at.; relief
for the drouth sufferers, mucth less
talk politics, yet there arii a few
people w!(o still read the Enter
prise.
The 1)enmocrats are a patriotic
set Of peo4ple. They are actuated
sal ly by the love of country and
the public weltfre in all they do.
lill incident;allythey cannot resist
the temptation to hold otlice. Last
Spring there were on!v 7 of theni
candidates for the Sherin.": oftlice
in thie m)cntucratic prinmary. Before
tho l)emocratic Execitiice (Io
in ittee, which met h tre o'I the 2':;rd
to rec'o'lllllend parish :apointm ;elints,
there werei, or had I c(nt' recentily,
111 vlild(idates l uti ' cs u'Est's~'I 11o
WV. 0. Blreazelle, T. F. 'Por'ter
S. (G. I)owdel. WV. S. (rI'.neaux\,
W. T. Cuntninglhan, . L 1 'aslari,
F. A. Clohitier, 1'. .1. (iiison, An
d(rew Presley anrd II. 11. Oliver,
Many think
when it was said to
the woman: In
morrow shalt thou
bring forth chll
dren thataperpet
nal curse wan pro
ncunced,butmoch is
not the case. Trua,
dangers lark in the
pathway of the ex
pectant Mother and3
ahould be avoided. fl
"Mother's
Friend" .
so preperee the ys
tern for the change
taking place that the finsal bhour I. robbed of all
danger and pain. Its use inmsures afety to the
life of both Mother and child, and makes child
birth ersy and recovery more rapid.
"Mothser Friead" is the greatest remedy ever
nt on the markelt, and my customers praise it
-ighly-W.H.KiMa & Co.,WhitewrtghtT"x.
TeE BRAOnIELD REGULATOR CO.,,ATvtara,A.
scOLD a ALL DRoUG0rTs.
1ES GREATEST OP ALL EEb~C3S.
The Ideal
Remedy
wtmhie .srs.a b mrbi ' rWeSI.
church wpe, lawyfse Mtes, a"
ee ad wme s alln ever the ant,
thea alln ether rosrietary xsek
put together Is
i)r. King's
Royal
Germetuer
IT IS ESSEITIALLY A IOUSENOLD REMEIY.
It w gbm, IAPPETITE.
It ii she p ruisd ruirushag SLEEP.
f dl dia I* Wr DISESTOL.
It dl rst r pir ERYOUS E NEMY.
It .d put pr IIIEYS b puluet a ul .
Iii purily We Dlui,.
It is WOMAN' ltst FduriS
It isas m plnessmat to take em onemn, omi ts
so aldho,l bd masms to ar eared by remoytg
the cnse
Jor ai Sable el the eoed, stomuac, Dswslm,
Kidaneyrani Neme, s or an forms o Ike.
it ~mns pre.minemtly without a rival er a pea
Wrseas by imgrgtes s, nw pscksueherge
beahn, 10 Deus, eOne Der.
TIE ATATA UEMISAL S., ARAITA, I,
Estray Notice.
State of Louisiana, Parish of Natchito
ches.
Estrayed before me, the nndersigned
authority, by R. B. Knott, living at Al
len, one Mule, described as follows:
sabout IS hands high, dark mouse color,
supposed to be about six years old ; no
brand visible; appraised at twenty dol
lars by J. E. Knott and F. P. Howell,
conjointly with the undersigned Justice
of the Peace, this 11th day of Decem
ber, A. D. 1896.
J. J. HORTON, J. P.
decl8-lmo.
D. C. SCARBORtOUGH. M. H. ,CARVER
4CARBOROUGH & CARVER,
Attorneys at Law.
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
Will practice in the District Courts in
the Parishes of Nat hitoches, Red River
and Sabine, and in the Supreme Court
Sof Louisiana. and the U. S. District and
SCircuit Cburts for the Western Distric
of Loui.aana. jan 17-1y.
- J
SAEWV" STOR i
t.775t-. 2--. A *'÷
will \rik for, it--, havle put u, 1 at , ha ":II
n('e I I' ( la : ,' :ll11" : 111ill t it -vt -.
wart., ('ut rth r , ]h c,t.- .'-h ,..<, i) i-,
(:Cips, Ž,x ttltlls & l" a. 'yV (.1 ,.'
 e buy our , , . r :',t :" -L. n , . ý,2 :',i: t1;,
ell who ln(l'r ('lV 1. i n.
W' v buy countrry I'ooduvieo andl pIv cash or a,n.,is for i:.
We want your trade and will rive you : Itltarlrin for it.
'I ('ountry "Tl' es.ypet 'iallly -1 .
LIiE'rTE1h.TEIiN BIL;)X(IG,
'rontl Street., atchitoches. La.
J. C. BURNSIDE,
Charlie's Famous
p .t.. '. - ',, - " - " . _- ',
PI
Tonsorial Parlors.
$40 BUGGIES. OAD, VEHICLES "an "na
9 A GONS, bRREYS of All Kind
Cglpoa Shipped anywhere to anyone at WHOLESALE PRICES,
PIANO or COBNINO BODY, END or BRaWsTEB Spring@,
3 or 4 bow LEATHER QUARTER Top, Patent curtain
fasteners, head lining of best wool dyed cloth, corded
',ams and closed dusters in quarters. SOLID PANIL
I KING BACK, cloth or fancy leather trimmings,
wine cushioa,. Sarren wheelh, with 16 spokes, .st or
O. 11 TOP BUG in. tread, 1;-18 in. double collar steel axles
-wetreee and tantail bed, 4 and leafoil-tempered
springs of best quality. Bode is 2l3 in. Vite by ,2 in. long, made of best seasoned lumber.
ash frame and poiar panels. thoroiahly lued. screwed and plugged. Double reach, oroned
full length. All forgings, ehl-s. colts. etc., made of best Norway iron. Painting And tfnish
Orst-class throughout. Bodies P tuted a rich black, gears BrcwAter green. black or carmine,
handsomely strfjd. Each bu,try complete with shafts. leather dash, boot. storm apron.
carpet, anti-rattlers. etc. A written walranty with each buggy.
$45.00 is our SPECIAL WHOLESALE PRICE for this fine buggy.
Never bf~ore sold for less, but to introduce our work in your
Coaupo No. 2167 localty we have decided to make a special coupon offer, gliving
oevery reader of this paper an opportunity to get a strictly first
GOOD 1R0 class .au buggy at the lowest price ever offered. On reeeiptof
$5.0 $40.00 and coupon we will ship this handsome buggy, securely
, packed and cratred and delivered on board cars. Do not miss this
sInf bet w it O Brportd:ily to get a tborurglily High Grade U p-to-Date Buggy at
lIt sent with Or.e l the lowest rrice ever ofliered. Remember we donot offer it as a
for "cheap buggy." but as a strictly high-grade vehicle. If you want
ire. t20 Top ug a cheaper o uwdy or some other style, write for or re largeillustrated
catalogue sbowing 4re different styles of Vehicles, Marness eto.
or We can sell you a top buggy afs low as t32.rd, better ones for a7.o0
Ns. 345 Read Wages and upwards. Money refunded if not as represented after arrival
a a a. and examination. Coupon must positively accompany the order
to obtain this special price.
ROAD WAGONS-We have all styles, but l
this one is the most popular. Any dealer This Eigoest Road Wastrit f
will ask yoe $16.00 for it. Our wholesale WITH COUPON ct
rice is 80.00. Send us $95.00 and coupon
and it is yours. Guaranteed to be made of
selected material thoroughly seasoned,
best end or side springs, tSarven patent
wheels, cloth or Evan's leather trimmings,
double reach ironed full length, 15-16 ine
-_my striegdt Idnely fnished thriougs
t. A writen warranty with each wa on
.d mroney ref inded io not p r ente a rentedai
D~ A:GO wS -Wear , havane ll setyles,.b
iaslet m teril nM a ly ea ade eo
ouaPr &W 5 £9helJrratpb~l~silw sC~tO0?te ne o 7.
J. R. CARROLL,
Watchmaker & Jeweler.
-0
WATCHES, CLOCKS and all
kinds of JEWELRY repaired on
short notice, and satisfaction guar
anteed.
Orders taken for fine watches
and jewelry.
Appreciating the very liberal
patronage received for the past
year, we have increased our force
and facilities for doing first clias
work, and solicit the trade.
See our sign on St. Denis, near
Front Street, Natchitoches, La.
Dec. 11-ly.
Pay Your Subscrilpton.
If you haven't paid your sub
scription it's your fault, not ours.
Don t be bashful, but come by and
see us, and while you are coning,
bring your dol:lar alon_.
Red Cypress
Shingles.,.
Full thicknues and Ino feather edge.
Tile Mongola Mi l.. t M::ur, e 1'. O..
make the line t ,-il ghli's on the market
out of l.dI (t'Vl:p , fr.n' the Saline
Swamps. f Sanie at thi' oile,. On
sale, at Williams. W'eaver & ()'Quin's
and at the Mills, or shipped to
any point 'on Red or Cane river. Ap
ply to either place. or to It. 0. Walters,
Chaler, La. dc. 1>-4t.
Samuel J. Henry,
Attorney at Law.
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
Will practice in all the State and Fed
ral Courts.
JOB WORK.
Job work must be paid for when
delivered. There is no exception
to this rule. Strictly cash.