ii LOUISIANA POPULIST.
V. Subqcription $1.00 Per Year. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. Price Cents.
V()L. III. NATCHITOCHES, LA., JANUARY 1, 1897 NO. 20
MARJORY.
M-rgret is prim and wise,
Madge is fair to see;
Marjory has laughing eyes.
Marjory for me!
Margaret doth naught amiss,
Mtadge is fancy free;
]Marjory is sweet to ki;s,
Marjory for me!.
Margaret' demure and cold, M
M~de must formal be;
Marjory, when kissed, will scid,
Yet,-
Marjory for me!
-Albert Lee, in Harpers Weekly'.
A POSTMISTRESS PRO TEI,
By Tom Hall.
I will introduce myself as Mr. Frank
Wheaton, one of the younger members
of the St. Raul bar, and at the period
of thcse events visit' l.i in New York.
To. be as brief in explanation as pos
Sebae, my friends had conacuded that
It was high time for me to be married.
My protestations were overruled, and
although my heart had never experi
en ed tihe gentle passion for any par
ticlar girl. I eventually picked one
out from the number of my f~ir ac
qualatances, and detided to offer my
Self to her. Miss Violet Pierson, of
New York, was as good as she was
beautiful, and was an heiress besides.
I arlgaged with my partner for a short
viamction, and proceeded to New York
said offered myself, one fine June day,
to the you~ lady, in person. Violet
Ireceived my proposition with as much
dignity as I made It, assured me of her
esteem, told me she would ccasuit
With her parents and give me an an
swer on the next day. As I had never
lid the pleasure of meeting either fn
Sther r mother, I left with her a pho
tDgrtph of myself wi:Qh-my autograph
on the back, that they might in some
-'manner :judge of my character. If I
bad been pleading the cause of another
I abhoad have marked it "Exhibit A."
Brt I have always been careless of my
. O,'wa Interests, and to tell the truth I
was so emlbarressed during the entire
:ieriew that I lost for a time all my
siness acuteness.
SAl-ter leaving Violet's Fifth avenue
,:;io, I proceeded on my way down
{to't to meet, for the first time in
:vresml years, my old college chum,
c Dennett. At Uiton Square, I at
Ialpted to board a cable car as it
ai ig arortad what I know nOs as
SVi Mas's Curve. And tlben
i:Tep Yl . awoke in the .~ebyteriaa
fo3ial, with lack bending tenderly.
, vriny bed.
>: ot a word," alid Jack, cmution
.4'( "Ylou are not even to think.
oi) ad a sevtre cocusiq of the
t .~xn, y dmiy t ellow,. adO nf hlng
0 ui e t will get the contents
>~ at 2eda d yours back into shape."
- loit sce Violet at once," I wthis
th4," uaii Ja$e nUlPor? a
' }jee bee'seeing; violet
S r orr fo the ta wi eer'
Syon1 ! Wrh' tiwt. Not Onother
xI"ten4e got4.t d e
' eve nqtzik dtbeuy pat me
sh ws destlned tri I little
3Wt smt0 ill the WOacrOand
t.~4 14 id re to complete
~th a lin darulp
5 i hio ai4$
f~e promise~lu
4:~ck wasg~
Sginnng to worry. On tie third day
of my stay I wpit to the little village
pest office and askcd for letters for
M1r. Frank Wheaton. I expeeied to fuind
in the village postmnaster the usual
senile cld man so common in suwh
places. But framed in the little arched
window of that country past office was
the head of a venus worthy the hliarl
and brush of a Tit:an. My embarrass
menat in the pres':-"r cif Miss Violet
Pierson was ab:solute:y insigniflcant
ccmnparld with my L;rpidation in the
presucue of this a ltlurn haired, rose
checked, star eyed ptot:ui.tress. In a
word, I was smitten at first sight.
"If this be love," 'thughl . "I've got
it Lid. I:lt I've got something more
to worry about, too."
"I:L e you anything by which to
identify yourseif7" said the pretty
postmistress, withil a smile that dis
,'Icsed two rows of pearly teeth.
"Will old letters do':' I used, falter
ingly.
"I guess so," she replied. "But I'mi
not very well iilorlniel, and I have to
be ca'reful. You see, I'm only Post
m;ltress pro terlb. This is the way I
spend my vacation. It's fun for a city
gir:, you know, and it gives my uncle,
the real Postlmas:er, a chaince to go up
in the woods and rest."
"Of course, you must be careful,"
said I, endeavoring to conceal my em
barrassment behind a patronizing air.
"My ma: is of the greatest import
aitce. But these letters will satisfy
you as to my identity." With this I
drew from the inner pocket of my coat
a bunch of old leetters and handed
them to her. She .glanced at them at
first curiously. Thcp she frowned and
drew the contents from several of
them and read them hurriedly. Finally
she spoke.
"I believejou asked for mail for Mr.
Frank Wheaton ?" said she.
"I thought her tone a trifle severe.
But I answered: "I did."
"Then I am afraid you are not as
honest as you look, Mr. John Den
nett," she rep:ied, accentlpg the name
in a manner peculiar to angry women.
The situation nearly took my breath
away. Jack had left some old letters
in his pocket. I was wearing his coat,
and I had fully identified myself as
another person.
"This is en unfortunate mistake," I
tried to explain, weakly. "I am wear
ing a coat be'onging to a friend of
mine and did not know there were any
letters in the pocket. Naturally I--"
"Wearing another man's coat," she
mused. "Goodness, I hope you're pot
a burgsar! I must notify our con
stable the moment I close up the office
for the day. That '-ll be very soon,
now. .If you want to escape you'd
better hurry."
I have been in predicaments before,
and I paid no attention to her, or tried
not to.
"Will you be kind enough to tell me
whether there are any letters here for
1Mr. Frank Wheaton?" I asked, as
coolly as possible.
-"0, I don't mind telling you that. In
fact, 3 'have taken esperial interest in
th.sm. You see, nobody senmes to know.
who he is, and re must be a genteian,
epauese lh has a letter from a lady,
pd ,th_ envelope is of the very latest
faslhion : Im going to get some of the
ame kind thiyself. Besides that, there
are several ,letters from men. Now,
you evlide~lty know wto he is, or you
w tyd pot try 49 ,get his mall. I've
dona yo a fa'or; 'will you tell ufe who
he is, and where he is llvlng7'
" r in'-rbe I asweeredc; -
'J.,4rt; e straight in the eyes and
utu9 .kat, )),.she: ew wPndo,, very
"I am he,~" I repeated, lookitpg
ijalg'ht 't the pr~tiest blue ey4
'-"Too ,' she ld, ith a shake ot
tMe ni~d, 4o m bntt thet
fthe e-t 4 o ad i h atett niu.
i weut home to my room aun looked
at T aek't motto. I wanted to smash
the ,o~ok.r thing wlub ny deneh!ed
fist, butt I t down to Mrs.e..hlte
for couso'mflon Instid. I told hor emy
Istor. This is the cone~ootlan I got:
-ou 4.f the first. IAny man who pss
it br uJIt w~eesks In advrnce ougit
tao.dotl that youtare Johnol e Ieett.
........ he Aret A mthed wh ats
4ooi rs ve bae nyngoA
S w1 tqpetied. Herosron m b
Atd to think that Iboulad
'lrtisessi J t~ racadel z.evjsv roof!
put yuei met a ou treet,
aPgiensi , aud tamas are
4 II .m ydo., I ....
alsq
(ll i St
"That don't go tlrrough tMhi office,"
said the telegralTh operator. "You're
san!wing that telegram to yourself and
a:gning it with ano:li:.r man's nam:e.
It's against the rules to use the wires
for criminal operations. 0, we're pito
you, young fe:ler!"
I bit my lip and cro.-sed- the street
to the cigar store. When I nam in a
lurelicamt ntu and studyiht'g my way out
I like to chew an unlit cigar. The pro
p)riCtor r.Afused to sell ime on:1.
".Money's too s'ar:e in this region to
take any risk (i cuntetrfe!ts. I sup
pcce you've stuck me already, but if
you have I'll have the law of you." I
left hhI., and sought the Postmistress
rl'o tern once more. Puts learned that
she had gone.out walking. There was
but one mail a day, and the pIst office
closedtL at 2 1'. M. I wenl to my roomn
aPter that. and specnt tl.e rest of the
dlay swearing at .lack's motto.
Dnring the following we k matters
went from bad to worse.: I l.ft the
house but once a day. The fact is, I
had bec.lonle c~.,.lpictouls. I went to
the post otlice one eachil day to expos
tulat.:r with the I'ostmistre.s i.ro tern.
Whten I did go grawn peop:e shunned
nme and little girls mun crying to their
mLothers. The small boys of the town.
however, fol:owed me around in a
drove. But I went. nevertheless. The
fact is, I had grown rather fond of ex
pastu:ating wirh the pretty Potm'is
tress. Shall I say that I had also growp
rather fond of the I'ostnnistress her
sclf? Well, perhlaps more than fond.
But was a nian ever so halndicapped
in his courting? She still insisted on
cal'iug me Mr. Dennett. 1 learned,
though, tdlat another letter bud arrived
for Mr. Wheaton, addressed in' the
same feminine hand, and many more
in business envelopes. But not one
would she deliver to me.
Disgusted at the absurdi situation
in which I was placed, and at my own
unav'ail'pg efforts to exti'icate myself
from it, I reso;ved one afternoon to
vary the monotony of my disagree
able vacation by a walk in the wood:.
The course of my wanderings led me
to the foot of a gnarle4 old tree whose
huge limbs were but six or elight feet
from the ground. I sat down at its
base, ,reelluing agatEst it, and began
studying the matter over. I have the
habit of talking tB 'myself when I am
alone.
"Here I am," I mused, "without
money enough to get home, and no
poesible chance of getting any unless
I renorrlee my rightful name amid tell
them to send me money, using the
name of Jack Dennett. Bat do I want
to got home? No, not while that au
burn haired Postmistress remains
he:e. Here I am, and I have no Idea
whether I have been accepted by 'Miss
Violet Pierson or rlot. But do I want
to be accepted by 311ss Violet Pierson?
Decidedly not. Most assuredly not, if
that auburn hatred Postmistress is
neither married nor engaged. Now, do
I love that auburn haired Postafis
Iress? I do, most pronotmuodly. I
love the ground sher walk' on, the
r.tirnps she sells, tjIe pen .e writes
with, ai4, if I feel tit way toward
her I must love her s' Perely, for she
has got me into the worst' mess of
trouble I ever experienced in lly life.
But, under existing ' Ircumsttances, I
cannot even make brve to her; 'I'm
1.1led..- 'l court her under the name
of iTaxkiDonnett, Let Jack do his ovr
courting. Apd shie won't recognize
meno under any other name, nor could
I entgrtaln her if she did. I have
mlney enough left to buy her two or
three ice creams, but the ice cream
man ,s'on't sell to me any more than
th trest of them wIll. Of one thring,
though, I am certaap. I love her, and
1'm going to marry her if I have to
break Violet's heart, and--'
"Keep me up here all the rest of the
afternoon listening to your nonsense?"
It was the vol~e of the Postmistress
pro.tem. I looked up. Thjere she was
seated on a low Inanging branch of-that
el:same tree. She had beds reading
a 61. ' Sthe'was blushing and laugh
ing And skhe. was a very charming
ticture, too. .r
"iI---I--legyour pardon," said I.
'"Well, I tlilk you ought to," she
andstew Bu t you mteda't ,be so
se." ihte held up a larg4 rectangular
envelope. "It is the last letter for Mr,.
heaston from the girl t New York,"
she eruptinued. "And ihe is either~
seding him her photograph, or she is
sedfng his back to him. Undoubt
Sy the latter, as he has been such a
r orrespondeitt. Oh!"
The letter dropped at my feet.
S"Thank you," siaId I, tearing it open,,
'D)p you carry the mail around with
6O n your ramblipgs'I"
"I do his mail," she answered, faint
y "for sbmethinlg told me, the very
",Et day a letter came for him that
tat i ought to be pattleulairly creful
Shis baS all. Perhslaps i feated you
oud steal t, you know."
*'tMk, '4:18 , act teeding her. T'he
letter eoattined n6Waing but the pho
qtogiuph I led left Wit9h VIolet ta "lh
libft A." I handed at up to her. "Is
hat id"ioatiattco e'tih?"
0 tp ketdute myslft
&, Pi-";ik ~ do.:p
si t~sa 'ratc. ·earng, A4
hope you w'hl not report poor dear Un
e:e Nei1."
"You overheard what I said when I
was talking to myself?" I asked.
"Yes, I couldn't heap it," she an
swerecl.
"Wý. ll, do you suppose I would dc
your uncle :.xy harmn under-under
those circumstances'." She did not re.
p!y fo: a few moments. Then she
said: "Do you thinlk very much of her:
Perhaps you are engaged to her."
"Lcok!" said I. 1 toak the bundle
of letters and looked through them foi
the reply from Violet to omy tirst let
tur. When 1 found it I held it up be.
fore ti; I'os.tmistress ipro temll : th iort
it. unopened. into small pic es, an, l
Mip.ig them to the breeze.
".A.re you atiisileild now'" I asked her.
I ails not going to say what: her re.
ply wag. But I'm gla.d I didn't smash
Jack's motto. It hangs in our le1.'ol
to-day.--Trut h.
CATHERING THE RETURNS.
Scenes About New York Police Head.
quarters on Election Night.
'lThe election bureau of the Pollee
Itoi.rd is the otticial recipient of the re
turns troli the voting precincts. This
bureau furvishes each poll with blanks
for the fficial record and also with
four sets of small blanks for each
olhice. As soon as' the count for any
ctie Is finished the four inspectors sign
all four blanks, and a policexman takes
them to Police Headquarters, and
,quickly returns for others. Thus the
count goes on until it is completed
sometimes not before midnight.
Meantime there have gathered in a
large room at Police Headquarters all
the commi.-sioners, the superintendent,
and a great number of newspaper re
porters with pencils sharpened at both
ends, 'while the walls are lined with
I tessenger and telephone boys. As
soon as a report is brought it Is read
out by the superintendent, taken down
by the newspaper men and forwarded
to their editors as rapidly as possible.
By S o'clock the returns come thick
and fast, and nothing is heard but the
scratching of pencils and the footsteps
of racng messengers. The commis
honers soon go to their private offi
ces, for they know that anxious candi
dates will speedily be calling to learn
their fate, although a very fair idea
has spread abroad by 9 or 10 o'clock as
to how the state and city have "gone"
on the pr:ncipal issue. In the ease of
the election of November, 1894, every
body knew that Tammany was beaten
long before that hour.
But the fun of the street, which Is
now beginning, is not for that band of
reporters at Headquarters, nor for
those other bands of writers in the
newspaper offces down-town, who,
with almost superhuman diligence and
endurance, are tabulating and putting
into type and commenting upon these
returns for the delectation of the pub.
lie next moluiing.
The tenothment-house distri(ts have
bher, alive with people since sundown,
dancing about the tires. They have
learned lotig ago the outlintes of the re
sult, and those on the successful side
are rejoicing in their tumultuous way,
sure of the support of all the boys. As
the evening advances the excitement
spreads to Broadway and np-town. The
newspapers will issue ex(ras every
hour or so from 9 p. m. to 2 in the
mnorning. but they do not hesitate to
give all the news away upon their bul.
letins as fast as they get it.-Century,
Stepped It Off.
It is a commonly accepted theory
that a man steps three feet, rpd many
a tract of land has been "stepled off"
instead of measured with a chain. In
the West they obviate the difficulties
of surveys by the land being divided
into sections, but in Pennssylvania
nmch of the property, especally in the
•mountaips, must still be described by
metes and bounds.
In one of the counties in westera
Pennsylvania are two brothers, one of
whom is tall and lank, the other short
and fat. Many years ago they pur
chased a tract of mo.rptain land, call.
lag for a mile square. They divided
the laboi of measuring it, one stepping
off one ide, the other the other side.
Then thiy fenced it in and were per
f~ty satisfiled until recently, when
t was brought to recover a considel
ble tract of land. Each brother swore
that he knew the measurement to be
right and told him it had been done:
Then, as the sptators saw the short
legs of t .scarce loy g enough
~ac W flr when he sat in a
" r, ,fe ngted extremites of
h 2,er, there" was a general laugh.
in i lieh the judge and attorney joined.
aros:surveylag it was found that cnt
line iras a mile and a half loPg and the
bther only alittle over hal a mile.
ROyalty U.se the Telephonae
Tel.eplaie :eqmmunicatloo have
been recenutbly laid between Balmoral
and Londn, * private wire having
been rmtu from the castle to the Go
tnltest tiunk ]ceble whiph connect
A bdoee with London. Queen Vic
fitrl) sI to bavtitg a telephone plaet
enioctdfile her with the various Scot'
tilita eeatt at,prqseut occllple by the
arious cseltbers of the royal family.
The .rtlI1w8y of the world ery 9ve*;
LgO'aoB.nasurPar wtevkly,
HINESl CIHARACTERISTICS.
MONGOLIANS IN NEW YORK ARE FUN
LOVING PEOPLE.
Always Joking and Playing Pranks Wit'
One Another..-All of Them Are Very
Fond %L Companionship.
'The Chinese. writes Helen F. C(ark
il a Cc('L ry ;larticle on "The ('hines'e
of Novw York"i are a r'u-loving lpeop',
Siu spite of tiheir gene!al air o!f itdif
trrence in the presenue of strangers.
Thiley ranee up an:l down stairs, or SOlQe
tiles through llte stree;s, on a frolic,
evtry mlan laughing until he is out of
Lbrath, pulling cues, stealing hats and
playing allt mnantler of practical jokes
on onle another. I recently heard a
great Ceolnllotlon in I)oyers stret rt a
hot Sullady afternoon, when the street
was crowded with (:hinese, and, feariig
troubleh, hurried hastily to the place.
Oly to lilid one man the butt of Na
other man's joke trying to get away
from his pursuer, while about tire hun
dred laughing men joined in the fun.
and finailly administered good-natured
justice to the perpetrator of the joke.
At another time on Sunday afternoon
I heard a sudden outcry and scuffle
overhead, and the running of scores of
feet. 1 ran into the hall, fearing that
the building was on fire, and with a
sickening dread in my heart for the
Italian children in Bethany Sunday
school, which was then in session in
the Mission r~c;ms. I saw a man com
ing dowli stairs, and asked him what
was the matter. Witrh a shrug of in
finite disdain, he remarked: "Oh, my
people too muchee laugh," and passed
on his way. It was only a school-boy
joke played by one group of men on
another, followed by a general melee,
in which shouts and laughter, and the
incessant clatter of wooden soles on
ixard floors made us think of "pande
monium let loose."
Some of the keenest 4nd purest
humor and some of the wittiest sallies
I have heard have fallen from the
lips of Chinamen in lower New York.
I well remember the amused and con
temptuous look with which a China
man once said, "Melican man savee
(understand) Chinaman alle same num
ebr one fool. Ohinaman savee Mell
can man allee same. Chinaman every
time gette top side Melican man"
whclh does not contain a reference to
pugilism, but merely means that in a
battle of wits the Chinaman "sees
through" the American man, and .will
come out on the "top side." They are
very quick at reparftee, and their black
eyes will sparkle with amusement and
fun if you jest with them, or when they
start the ball rolling among themselves.
They dwell together for years in the
same apartments, happy and comfort
able. They minister to one another In
sickness, bury a relative or neighbor
when dead without calling on public
charlities for help. and in the case of a
relative assume the support of the fam.
Ily of the dead man when he is gone.
These people--these muclh derided peo
ple--spend hours together in one fan
other's apartments, conversing togeth
er, eating together, sometimes smoking
the long water pillpe, always with a pot
of steaming tea between them. In two
years I have seen thousands of such
groups, hut Inever yet have I found
Lthese men drinking liquor together. I
have found them l)laylaJ games-somne
times, but not always, gambling; have
found them playing their musical in
struments, which are harmonious to
Lhem, however much they may lack of
melody to other sars; or have found
them reading or discussing the last
Hong Kong or Shanghal daily; but 1
repeat I have never found them drink.
Ing liquor, or in any degree under the
inttPenceu of intoxicants.
The Cjinaman celebrates his wed,
ding., ijot by a drunken carousal, but
h: the finest feast that his pocketbook
can coma'nd, to which not only his
immediate relatives are invited, but all
who have the slightest claim of friend
ship upon him. A Chinaman who was
retently marricd in Mott street gave
three large feasts in as many restau
rantis, entertaining tseveral hundred
people at each before he had gone the
round of his acquaintances and friends.
Yet this.nial was not one of the moat
prosperous 4es. A child's birthday
is likewise lebra~ed with a feast, the
wife eiitertaihin her friends in the
family home2 while the husband en
tertains his fdienris at his place of busl
ness or in a public restaurant.
THE WASHINCTON MONUMENT.
Interesting Faots About the Tall Shaft of
White Marble.
The distance at which the monument
is visible has always been a matter of
debatable interest with Washington
pcople. Not a train approsehes the
city, or a boat speeds uip or down the
Potomac, but carries a group of people
anxious to see at just wh~at point they
can last see the white marble against
the sky as they depart or first find it
as they return.
Probably the rea.test distance at
which the monunalit ls seen is frodm the
summit of the Blue Ridge. at Sniker's
Gap, a distalce of about fort.tbree
mles in an air line. The ievaton
there is 2,000 feet abovre the Potomac.
The morntallers yyetr ago. with their
ieen eyes.trained to long and sharp
sight in the. mountRals, deteted the
...usn'awan rwlaaw/~nins Ia the nelanes
and they can .always quick.y determine
its place on the horizon line. But to
city folks, however, the location of the
white shaft Is lt an' easy' matter.
Thousands of Washington people every
stu ilmer invade that region as summer
boarders, to subsist on fresh milk and
fried chicken, and incidentally in their
excurtsions up on the mountain to get
a sight of th~ , monuluent. On clear days
it Is dlstiunctly visible. espe'lially to
thosu' who arc fam:uili"'r with its precise
lo:'ation. But it is luor' easily sten at
sunlset thanl at ;aly oilier hour, as thl
.sharpl re'tlti,n of the sun's rays brings
out the whiite surface of thile marbl'e.
Olle of tlhe most singular stories that
may be told about the Washingtoi
nwoiumetli is hardly credible, yet it
can1 h vouched flr as perfectly true.
There are hundreds of ladies in Wash
ington who wear upon their hats the
plnuange or the entire skin of a bird
which has lost its life flying against
the tall mass of tiarble in the dinIness
,f twilight or d~.ylwrak.. Every morn
ing one of the wartchmen who spends
the uight in the nmojnumnent finds about
its base quite a number of birds who
,hve lost their lives in this way. This
wortallty is not limited to nny one spe
I es, but lncludes nearly all the birds
known in this region. Strange to say.
few English sparrows have lhst their
lives by flying naginst the monument.
but the beautiful golden finches, cedar
birds starlings, tanagers, grosbeaks
and lmany ottlhy's of bright plmnage
and ;-rcat rarity have been found. The
watchman takes these birds up town to
.at taxidermist, who stuffs and mounts
the rarer specimens, which are sold for
a good round price to collectors, and
the skins of those less rare are pre
pared for the milliner. HNrdly a
morning comes that there are less than
a score of dead birds about the base of
the shaft.
Another quedr thing to know ab9tt
the monument is that its height ahnd
width vary. It is taller in summer
than in winter, and In the latter season
its width on the south side is about an
Inch greater than on the north, east
or west side. This is due to expansion
under the heat of the sun's rays. This
phenomenon was determined by Cap
tain Greene during the erection of the
shaft. Plumb lines were hung at eadb
corner of the marble wall, and the
plumb "bobs," or plummets, were sus
pended in pots of glycerine gnd mo
lasses. Across the top of eaclpott was
laid a fi'nely 'graduated steel bar, and
three times a day an army engineer
"took off" the registration thus pqide
of the expansion of the walls. .It was
held that the plummets moved ~recise
ly with the points at which the plumb
lines were attached to the topf . the
shaft, and the glycerine hltl'. them
firmly without vibration or' *ºei ation,
so that the officer could ,adte' any
change of position. All these registra
tions, twice a day every day of the
year, were recorded in a book during
the seven years that were occupied in
finishling the lnonumnet.--WaShingtoP
Star.
HOW HE CUT THE WOOD.
.TrickaWily Tramp Played On An Unsus
pecting Lady.
A iudy residing in the southeastern
plrt of the city has an experience witfh
:a ttumll) the ol her day wiicllt has soured
her on lthat cass. of nidicc(uitU . The
fe:low caure :amlo l land bLngged for
.o-mer;hlng to .t, whichl was given
him.
"Have you any.r work th:rtl I can do?"
he asked, after satisfying his ihmger.
"Well, you might culi tihat wood,"
said the lady, pointiung to a Uii of four
foot stove wood in the y1t'd. "How
much do yoo want for tldp Jobr'"
"Six bits."
"Well, go ablatl," shi said.
Shortly after that she liuid oceasioln
to go down ,~w, andwvhen she ilLt
the house the tramp rw indstriorlly
at work. Up(t.ei'*,irn heb ,ad fin
i'hed. lPolntl4-:the . ptle, he
said proudly: '/vllit ~yoult'kt ikdof
rhat? Ever seen an o'd mail like me
who could cd .:ood as quick a'o that'
Oh, I'm a lightning striker, I am."
The lady acknowledged thfit hle was
a fast worker, and prompiftly paid hutii
his money. Shortly after his dOPartUie
she went to the wood pile:later some
sllticks, and was surprised (' romotigl
a few of them to flAnd that tJily the topl
layer had been cut. Theibody of the
wood pile consisted or timlt four foot
pleces so arranged as td'leave large
s;races between them. It was qt4te
apparent then that coasdkerable of.'itho
wdod had disappeared, .nld, that, ttim
rematanlog sticks had been'iranged In
that way so as not to show the ple laid
sbrr,)k..
Investigation disclosed ~ihe fact tlhat
some of the 'wood had. been lidden un
der a sidewalk, .f*bleother large sticks
had been concealed n ' d;arlous plbces
around the yard, and some of the felel
takef into the woqdsbed. Yesterday
the lady chaced to see a want btic
o top of the woodted rooof ~Se ex
pects to happen <p otbijr~ieree here
and there arounad the pr~tidg for the
next two months, and,4 *l6d not be
I uch surprised to flnd tie tramp had
wedged some-of the fuel In the ohlm.
ne, top.'Storkton (c l.) Mail.
Ucent discusslo da be  it'otio of
evoked the infe rmation thea. Spain
heads .thelst withO .000 lhesiti a yer:
Italy het. 2300 lour. Cerassy l,74
ad ri nnoland 1Athki