LOUISIANA POPULIST.
Subscriptionl Price X1.00 i\ 'icar. There is lree C iutry. 'le.s t'c I'eoiAl Rule. Price. 5 C~erts,
VOL. I. NATCHITOCHES PARISH, NATCHITOCHES. LOUISIANA, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1894. NO. 8.
Refromn Pre%% of Louishiana.
I. V. 'ail.r-. Editoir.
PI' 1iA N. i' .1oi. ] l t atI, 1.11.
\V W . M,'!'ir,. Editor.
L.to(t-IANA 1'iPO I.1-1. Nait,.!hit, o'Ir, , La.
M. F. M:i hen, Editor.
ALi.IANo' F A.~ tliE:. IHlomcer. l.a.
\\. ('. F'lyit. Edlitor.
A .IAN'i. : ]"ottl"N, "est Mon1i. e. La.
I.. W. ileardl, Editor.
JIAT'TIE FI A(., Icbi lin.,. .aI.
.1. . t. 1Ttt. Elitor.
LAK .S I.: E I'\Ir .\, I,:nke.sid,|,. 1,.
4'. F. &A N. L. Miller, Lditur4.
TItIE i F. New (Orlieln , L.i.
.1. It. Ca('il¢r,,n, Editor.
People's Party Platform.
1. W'%e d(lemnttlnd it natinl (itu
rency, safe, sound :land flexible, is
sued by the genrae:il governlint
only, a full legal tender for all deit
public andi privalec, ailMd that witlh
out the use if hbanking corl'pora
tions; anjust. ,equaitable iand etlicielt
mneans of distribl)tionl, direct to the
Ielople, at a tiax not, exce(edinlg 2 iper
cent, ie providledl, its set fortlh ini
the sub-treasury planli of the Farm
ers' Alliance, or somne better systemn
also by paylnenlts in discharge or
its obligations ftor public impllrove
ments.
a. We (leninndl free and unlinlit
ed coinage of silver al goldi at the
present legal ratio of 16 to 1.
b. We demandlI hat the alOlumnt
of circulating nledilum lbe speedily
increased to not less thaln #.0 1 or
capita.
c. We demand a graduated in
come tax.
d. We believe ilhat tlie money
of the country shouldl be kept as
much as possible in the han(ls ot
the people, and hence we dleanlld
that all State and naitional revenue I
shall be limited to the necessary 'l
expenses of the governnent, eco- 1
nomically and honestly administer- ,i
ed. I
e. We demanr tlhat postal sai- I
ings banks be established by the t
govenrplent for the safe deposit or ]
the earnings of the peoplle and to 1
facilitate exchange.
2. Transportation being a means I
of exchange and public necessity,
the government should own and
operate the railroads in the inter
eat of the people.
a. The telegraph and telephore, ]
like the poet office system, being a
necessity for the transportation of
news, should be owned and opera
ted by the government in the in
terest of the people.
3. The land, including all the h
national resources of wealth, is the c
heritage of all the people, and
should not be wonopolired for spec- i
ulative purposes, and alien owner- t
ship of land should be prohibited. a
All land now held by railroads and
other corporations in excess of
their actual needs, and all lands
inow owned by aliens, should be re
elaimed by the government and
held for actual settlers only.
Dkaeuratic Hypocrisy Shown Up
In the Congressional Record of
June 23rd, 1894, is to be found a o
speech which claims to have been
delivered by Joseph Wheeler, so
called Democrat, who pretends to g
repraeenat the 8th Alabama district. i
The said speech by the privilege 2
granted by the House, was printed tl
in the Becord without being deliv- c
ered at all. In this undelivered o
speech he undertakes to review the ti
ltecord of our Populist Congress- ti
men, in the most prtial and parti- I
an manner. He left nothing un
dome to ridicule every act and wil- ta
iflly distort eve'y fact conmected ti
with the Populist's record. He n
gathers together bills introduced c
by populists the 5ad aad 53rd a
Coagresss regardless ci whether u
they wese introdmoed by request or
aot and after wilfullyor ignorantly
perverting the hEW, igures that E
thuse lils, when am eli ed together
would caB Sor apprpatig 8,
0O0,o00,00 whia he clime would m
hLent be ta ead fr.i te peomple.
of Mr. Whihehcler had be en alial
anid had taken the pains , infiorln
'  himself, lie would have found that
r. these bills introliduet~d Iy .Po lulii.t
:did not call for a single idollar of
taxatioli. Ilut on the o(ther hanIL
r. plrupoe.l a dplan for relieving the
r. leople of the Ibirdens of taxalion
r that have ibeen lheapledI uipo thei
ly- Deoincrats andll EIiuilicant for
the last thirty years. The Po1Iu
lis.t plat forim demandl that our cir
'ilatm ma ii ui -hall i incicrcaseI
Ito +.2,4 l"r ecapita. The bills int ro
duce, I i P'opullists w'ere intenhdedl
i tio econpilish this oleject by thel
t free iiiage of silver and `m.ill at
the ratio of i; to 1. and the issue
of legal tender greenlacks. The
. pa.age of oulet' or two of these
t bills would have accomnlllished this
anul at once done arwtay with the
r necesityv for the plIagat of w
other Ibill. Mr. Wheeler well
knows, if he knows a:uithinr, that
the l'oipulist party has nevwetr adilv
Scatedl or deallunldi that iouir cur
t'senc' hould le increa-e. I to ),ore
than ýIic per cap('itai. The 1hS''e
- tary of the Treasury claimlo tuat
we now have about h25 p)r,, t ,ila
in eir'-ulation. The Poptlits d
nmand that this amount shall lbe in
creastl to 5 Ir esl capita (ablout
the amiiount we had in eircul:ation
in 1.i),i, whic.h would reqlirt' that
silvcr I,. coined and l'_al tend,er
gretenItacks bei issued to the anlunlt
of l.,7 (,i I . i000 !. The hills in
trodlued lby Poplulist (ongressmllen
referred to byv Mr. Wlhecl-,r oinly
contemplated the issue of the
above amount instead of the $i3S,
INN)).i04 I 1tHI as c'-nceived only by
the shriveled brain of Mir. Wheel
er. These old mlosshlark politicians
realize the fact that they are total
ly unable to depend on their own
treacherous records, and mliet the
Populists in the discussion of the
living issues of the day. hence they
are circulating this imaginary anid
foolish twaddle, called a speech by
Joseph Whec!cr of Alabama.
Lately quite a numbetlr of people
have written us, asking us to send.
them the bills introduced by ouri
Populist Congressmen. Endeavor
ing to comply with this request.
we applied to the Clerk of the
House D)ocument room at the Cap
itol, and he informed us that the
files had been exhausted. They
have been taken out by the Demo
cratic and Republican Congress
men to use on the stump in ridicu
ling and slandering our party in
their usual way. Failing to find
any Populists bills on file, I con
cluded to investigate the files of1
the bills introduced by the two old
parties, and behold I found some
thing rich. The $305,C(J,tN)o which
Mr. Wheeler claims for the Popu
list bills is not in it at all. It is
not a drop in the bucket when com
pared with the amount proposed to
be appropriated by the thousands
of bills introduced by Democrats I
and Republicans.
During the 5±d and 53rd Con
gresses the Democrats and Repub
licans introduced something over
26,000 bills. The record shows
that more than half of these bills
called for appropriations. With
out knowing what amount any par
ticular bill called for, we selected
the numbers of eight bills from the
Document rooms of the House and(l
Senate. This was impartially done
to ascertain the average appropria
tion called for by the 13,000 or
more bills introduced by Demo
crate and Republicane, calling for
appropriations. The following fig
ures shows the average :
H. . Bill No. 3167-My stone
of Kentucky (Dem)......... 2 9836
H. . Bill No. 72--By Enloe 1
of Tnateass (D). ........ 13 878
H. U Bill No. 100--By Pen
diton ofTexas(Dem)...... . 780
H. - ll D No. 1784--i.. y oo- I
eo MississippIi (Dm). 12 445
II . B ill N . 171--th ('rain
of "T'l'\; l' 1)('In .... . . I.. ) 00)(
1.I i . B1ill N,. 1l 2-1y bNall
f in", ~f A!: IiiI l h In .., () (r)
i. If ill . I -2 -v Iick
t luenn yl aniai m Im ....... l00l (u)
T otal (.i l,"I fol. :ir , . . ,
ll ivid(. Ihi. I an'1 tr i a. I an,- l e
ha' e ' it i av l'ra e to be ). - .: 1 .: .
M ultiply this a oul nt I., I:",((1(,
tlt' numl , ,r of Ibill iin tr ,d u tl
1il!_'i f ri, al ,l ,li ( t io ,. an, u. I
have l.'l12.1 2..5 . (l (erv (dll:
of this 'i rllilo amlh IoI1ntII h ll ,I
have to ( , lao tcl froUi tihc 'plht
4) t1nhl l ilcl(. buihlingll . (.!,an (lut
re:'k and: r;' ,rs. and p I:t rcl. iru
of varittu- kintI.S. W'e then tr'an;-
ferred ouir inelti'_ation' to the
senate ,,id( fr .at 'i1, oaln we f n(l
it rich( r n1d ri'h,,i. ()n the 17th
dlay of \April. 1',:1). w, lin , that
that venil rab :,l, ,I.(0 lI )e'n.)ratic' sen
ator from Illin,,oi:.Ihn Ml. Plalmr.
mintr,;iluc,',l s'n:ate bill N,. 1 1 i7.
which lr,,vidh,.- s fll, :
Fir.t. That ti.' lovertnllenwt hall
loan i ) the, l pe(p1e at "! elr cent in
tt.'rst - hre-fe urilhs (t the value ,f
all th. real estate.
Seomd. That tite (r,) rum c.'nt
shall lean to the lepleh at 2 p.er
cent interest on one-half t he tar
ket alu : of all thle wheat, rn, i.
oatis, r 'e Ia" e. leh, . hop rice, clt
I lton. heml., jut': t,):a,'*. op, n
kettle mugar,. and suurar houile mel
Iasses, or the dripplinz.; f1 ,in sugar.
all kinds of nut . p inder-. castor
1eanm iWlinir. tolive ecil, cfft,. u,,,nd
all kinds of dried fruit.
Third. That the government shall
loan to the leoplje of inc orpcorated
cities, towns, awl village, at 2 per
cent interest for sewerage andi
other sanitary work, $o1 per capi
ta for their vcting population. .
Fourth. That the govern llatll
shall loan to the railroad corpora
tions three-fourths of the value of
all their prorty at the rate of 21
ier cent interest in order to c(heap
en railroad transportation. etc.
Fifth. That the government shall 1
offer a reward of 25.,,o for the
best plan of sewerage and water t
supply.
Sixth. That the government
shall purchase all the gold and sil
ver in the United States each year.
Seventh. That the number of
Justices of the Supreme Court of t
the United States shall Ice increas
ed to thirteen. a
Eight. That the government c
shall have all this money printed at
the bureau of printing and engrav
ing at Washington, 1). C., and that
it shall be fiat money and a legal
tender for all debts. both public
and private.
When the provisions of this bill
are all figured out, it shows that
t he following amounts would have
to be printed and loaned to the
people :
First. Three-fourths ,f Ileal Estate
(Statis. Alst.)...... $29.638.408,249 e
Second. One-half all n
farmt products men
tioned (AG.l ... 854.69,475
Third. $100 per eapi- I
ta to voters of towns "
and ('ities.......... 364.71-.400
Fourth. Tire e-fourths ti
of value of all rail- o
road property... 7,701.726.7N) it
Fifth. For sewerage
and water supply n
plan (Reward)...... 25.000 li
Sixth. Golt and silver I
each year mined..... 106.697,000 1
Justices Supreme
Court ............. 40,000
This is a pretty snug little sum fe
for one Democratic bill, but hold si
on; we find that on the third dayin
of November, 1893, this same sen
ator, Jno. M. Palmer, of Illinois, u
introduced senate bill 1152, which ti
proposes that the government shall b
appropropriat S6t.lOOn.rEnr to deep-, ti
a : hegi, Il..r ri e\,.r .
(i,in( i la ilII, fNur thIIr tin d,
Thajt feor a'irit )f11 of A1 lil:na,
a i ntrli lt h i'e, tl Nit':u tglu: ( 'a
trthn l- l I. t. Br ill No. ;:r 7 ct:ill
inh foh r an i-.u ol f ," 41r l'- l ,p i .ta
ann ,.liv. ý\ hic.h w,,nlhl Ins "2.!.S n.
on,iutl airui lull-. t " 2 : -. I,".
00o for t4n w:ttr.s. Mr. Miller of
'isctni n. ot n '3 , ri-ruarv 14h. 11 .:.
int r It ..t 11. t. Biil ltlin fo,r
blou , .'' ý ' o1 I1 H11. )1)11 11111.
The n ct i . th e I ii' c r iitrioa
thill which lo)ruises tit re-l,in these
road'. at 2 pIer cef'n per a benum..
,pl ,it I ( ,l,1º1 ( tciitl footingr with ;It( ,
S2l.t ' ,oc tt anl H, llu; ti e re w ,u r,
lti,,tlltl i tre, likilla' than,!t eei
with the Poplulist: when it ct'inlle.
to intrule in hills. itrou in tl
I ill -. 13. 1 Ihil!- introu' reI t. I nt ih ,
)ecp'ra n li~uan thelc· hnduring Ithe
lu(I a l 53f (, ngr. S $nic .1i .'.122 .530
Sna lte hill N l tta the111
BIut th ely or Illinht t .. r :;.llle.9r tht')
Ni'::rarna 1111! By M1 ' i
a:n of A ala: : a........ 1I0,0H,00.000
11. t. 1ill N ,. !ST 3 }, t
the dii n- ,t ,f It iak .. n " 'li.:,)tince)tion
II, H. Bill N,,. 10-t9' I3'I
M1iler of H,'is., nsin ..... '.4,t6 ,000 )
Pacilthe bailroad lbill. ... opli'0. tI i
101.. 7. ' 0131.4.4 t
and oat a illcl of the hirlls intro I
du,,) Iby thi i wer 1th abt e intr;t ro
lutetd biy rcqutv , Iunt sIr. \oVheel- i
cr did e orlt, ntilni this frt. il tnt
I! not in,l tint hal r2lin and u on
thle reorda of' elual footingm with fort
l.)eiotrats and Republ eollans we are
committllled t do likwise. that is,
include allth ils itrohi couet in the ll
Oulnd an atheird tfinresse f r, also si
is take no distinction thosew
bill: introduced by request, and i
those prepared by l)emlo'rats and Re't
onfRepubliotans the people. A Thisid in h
the only wayt we an he rl nted oili
equal fmortingages one Demr locra
want mone,ans will y, than not these
hills we ohject to orke holdrt u for
ridicule were introducted by lrequest.
erha des this is true to some extent,-t
buit they ouht coa retermber that p
they to nt make any distine o ition
in the hintulls get to hI,al ly Irterlits. f
and their se intrrtce an request. of the
fIn rmerstoarin the atv The state-i
ment will have been as onserva- ct
Live as we could, and be consistent t
with the foncts. The have uesse d
at nothing, but have relied upon v
the reon ord of the government for I
every thind ry othr bu
J. II. TURNER,
Secretary, National People's Party r
Committee. tl
COULor . La., Oct. 1. ,104. c,
EDrITO PoroISl :
The health of this country is
gounder the present strain for gather eing bi
is the weaker ioust fall firquestion that when I
ey loest letterfall the merchants will no salv- st
they don't want mor ortgges, they c
tion for the me-rehant or any k
pi ;ili . cla-.-. awltl whlil we say
-., \i lh th , kin, l,1, fe,''linr fr
hI i m n,,rhlant anl othel cla'sS.
ý. t\l ' .t'1 :MI SHE ill hesilatlity v ,flat
• - th " lIlilt v e ., the, falte tI li'l ot e.v
1. lH n Iknkinl sacritivets of hloi
i)- o'Illfoirt for thenselll es anll falll
I- Ii, and i arryin,, all they have inh'le
()f 4, t ,.iie thei ilrtlh:i t d' I i n t
if I rinj aI uit tihll i,rd timbue,, alny
. ore than I fariner., didl, butt the
r farnmer- have felt the -queeze. and
have (beent trvig tor r,,eiydv the
d evil !Y, the ballot I,,,x. and as the
hinterest of the f narmer :lI I,[ I nltr
. ihant air, lotutoiala an .. il I ithe te'r
Schanlt cn not standl after ith, far
ueir falls. iS it certainlv stran,_e
e thal the ie'rchztillt can Inot l ,rl i all
e not s,,e their interest. i'this i a
reasoaoll:ehhi ll.'0 t.1 1 !') ilt oli and
(inte that is worth the -n.riii u colln
i sheralion of every- e i bulsineh5 mlla
' in this coun ntr. rThe farmer is
now in the last.t Iihr - of his agony.
I4 The other prllofessiinl If the coln
tr"y kiin w the callse oi this dell.or
'i able ctnlition and it does secml
that if they had nl s.vilipathy for
0 the triin'r they -hould! eontsider
Stheir o;t n intrest anil join with the
ri frmelr to save the country. I'n
-eles we aet sitre and flin'dly relief
4 this counltry is ru'ined. What
'next A seta-s of unheiarid of
S-rime, with the niteidi States arlyV
-in j)pose'sion of every State in the
C Union, then death to the Relpubli
-all goivernentl and the Iirth of a
e' pflioti.mn. We as1 farmners feel
t hat we are lnaking a last appeal to
I olli tl hold us uip. WVill yOlt do
it a If not, retollect that you too
must go, and it is only a question
Sof time.
The United States is fa.st follow
ing in the footsteps of other fallen
'nations. It is time to wake up and
right about face and fall in line.
' lion't wait for some Congressman
to comle arounl and tell v'oin what
ie has done, but ask him to tell
r you what he hlas ot (lone.
The D)emocrats have been in con
trol of the entire government for
tnearly two years and have dlone
nothing to lift the heavy burdens
;from off the country, and now
have the audacity and gall to ask.'
- the people to send them back in
- order that they may sink the couln
Stry deeper into poverty and crime.
lNow let us come together and
vote for our homes and families.
I)on't say you can not sacrificee
your dear Democratic principles.
Think what we farmers have sac- t
riticed for several years in order
that we might pay our accounts to
you, with our prodluce that was
constantly shrinking in value.
Now in order that you and we may
both prosper, can't you afford to ,
acrifitce the sentiment of party ,
feeling when that party is sinking
both of us No honest man can ,
It, so near sighted, that claims to i
have two eyes and reads and doest
his own thinking, but what will
say something is wrong. Yes, (
says one the government is in hati,
shape hut we must correct it in the i
L emocratic party. Well, let usj
see about that : if you hire me to
work for you and I sell your goods, t
put the money in my pocket and
go to Europe for my health till the
time eomes for a new contract :
when I come around and tell you
what great things I had done woufl
you hire me again No, you say. t
You say that is a different thingli
entirely, that is business. Well
don't you think it is a matter of
business to see that your wives and
babies get what you produce.
The faimer has got to sizing it I
up this way, and he looks at it as a
business matter purely and simply. I
I consider that I was a fool for I
staying in the Democratic party asI
long as I did. I wore tin nri,.ars
hIt I ctiI tell yto thi resxi 7ro'e
,in I work in fwor the' Ikllcail'ati.
part\ w'ill I il. f*It(et'ra: I w,,rk
t-d for Murphy .1. Foster in I 02.
Iorw hli refl.e N ,, , give us a fair
elction law in o.rdhr lt,'Lt lihe nma
Illttl''ililtl anl I other I)0of .11, illsn
totrnl 1, dstroy the fltl'ter. llnt
we' ,:' t li. ')iotrse that hltey are
tolt', vin.g i' ,ling it and that fast.
tlli' ut oIll'e ." 't an litit niaioit -
tain thii- cl,. ,,r ,, trse.lves either
u ruler the prresent coin liti ns. You
hal(d hietir c",,n idl r wihatl we say
btforte it i.- too late, f~it we .,atv enIm
llhtlicalli tlhllt wheitl i iii have't
crus'ithd IIs you have "ki lied tho
gao.s' thallt laved lthe £,ollhn et',''"
t'or ', oi.
NIow m'usi~qhr thi. amil [i l it u
work together anti save ouirs-elves
anti our fanili,,. together or we
will certaiinly go to iterdtitiion ti
gether, voi can it ,l sctpll, in thll
emnI any more than we c:il, lit we
Iiust go tirt. libut lithat vi will fol
low there is not thle leat duiblt. Y'iu
cannot tscap·e. The sanl' rock that.
wretkrs usil will wreck mro. Take
warning ther.fore in timite. an I
helll ls It, avoitl tlihis roclk. Vot'
for(l sen!inlent aniid f'rinllshi ll and
destrov this countrt'l, or bote foi"
your fainililet and hinies, ai.i;l save
it. (Gol gralnt that youii nullV se
th!e dlanger ieforce it is too late.
Now a few words for the LoUIs
i .NA POIL'IsIT. I will say that
it is doing more for this coulntry
in the iwavY ,f educating the Ileo
ple upoiin their true conilition thLan
,all tilhe I)einocratiic anid Il{,.pullican
papers ever published in the coun
try. and long may it live to eon
tinue the goodI work.
Yours in the fight,
A PI.ANTEi.
Two Extraordinary Columns.
In the New York Sun of Mon
day, Septenlber lo, there are twto
columns, singular to relate, side by
sidt
In the one column is a soul-rack-
ing account of the sweat shops in
Brooklyn. The very worthy Dr.
Banks, duly disguised, ipersonally
investigates. lie finds these peoor,
unhappy God's chilren working
in a stifling atmosphere from four
o'clock in the morning until 10 at
night, seven dlays a week, oNEs
IIUNDREDI AND) TWENTY-IX IHOU'RS,
for the munificent sunm of $;.s, a
week, or at the extraragant, ettor
tionate, almost prodigal sum of
jfar cents adt hosr. If they won't
work at these pricws others will
Think of it. Ye Gods! Five
cents an hour to keep home, wife,
children. To feed them, clothu
them, to pjy' rent, doctor's hills
and give them some recreation anti
changes. Should nuch men rebel,
ami'in their mad frenzy smite so
ciety right and left--beconme anareh
isnts The all-wise anti pIroviden
tial government of this great Unit
ed States nleans tio Ie equal to the
occasion! Law anti order must Ihe
maintained! Labor's vampire+
must sleep in place though hell
yearn for them.
In the adjoining column is an ar
ticle, "Troops Near Great ('ities."
This article gives an arcount of
how the military are to he with
drawn from far lying toutposts and
he concentrated in our large cities.
The starving sweaters might get
hungry andi in their pain strike
blindlvy. The faithful minions of
Illutocracy will be on hand and fill
their hungry stomachos with load.
it is to be ho~ed they will fire in
dead earnest and end the agny of
these slaves of damnable injustice,
once mnomet vihdicate the calluse of
the chosen few for whom God's
fair earth was made, and for whomn
His sulln was made to shine.
WilliA *nAU.~