f Kentucky contemporary thinhs
that "there Is no reason now why
Breckinridge should not be sent back to
Congress." Miss Pollard knows at
least 15,000 separate and distinct rea.
sons worth a dollar apiece.
There are only nine George Washing
tons in the Chicago city directory In a
population exceeding 1,750,000; but it
is only fair to state, however, that there
are more than nine Chicagoans who
practice Uncle George's precepts oc
calsionally.
He who Is passionate and hasty Is
generally honest. It Is your old, dis
sembling hypocrite of whom you should
beware. There is no deception in a
bulldog. It is only the cur that sneaks
up and bites you when your back is
turned.
A 960 Doctor's Bill.
"I cannot r comm..nd \our TrrrarwxM
i'nugh. I hatl . ry-ipelas in my face ard head
Co hbl that I could nt do any work in three
mn ths, nd I tried the doetors, a ,,n , mi ,lor
toe 's bill is fifty ..o are. A frie At t 411 me to
tet come of your I wrrrnRi.r, anrd I dil so. and
It has entirely ured nee. I rec,,mmend At to
everybody." Your- truly.
\VILLI M H. ALDERMAN.
La ion P. O. (BHllock o.) Ga.
I bo by mail for o r. In Rit.mps.
J. T. SaUPrRIN., 'arannsh, as.
Bloedd-Here's a rather clever little
book, "Don'ts for Club Men." Slobbe
It isn't the don'ts that worry me; it's
the dues--hPhadelphia Record.
That Joyful Feetiug
With the exhilaratingsense of renewed health
and strength sad internal cleanliness. whloh
follows the use of Syrup of Figs, is unkunowa
to the few who have not profressed beyoxL
the old-time medicines anl the cheoa, su'eti
tutes sometimes offered but never accepyeol oy
the well-iatorml.
Jnnesv How is Malter betting on the
lectleo ? Smltty-With his month .-- Rox
bury Gazette.
Catarrh Caunne Be Cured
tWith local app. irations, as they cannot reach
the seat of the delsase. Catarrh is a blood or
constitutional disease, and in order to cure
ut you must taoe internal remedet,. Hall's
Ofsarrh Fare Is taken internally, and acts di
rectly on the blood and mucous surface. Hiall's
Catarrh Cure is not aquack medicine. It was
prescribed by one of the beat physicians In this
eountry for years. and ig a regular preueript ton.
It t Compaoee ilof the beat totics knowwl. co..
bleed with the best blood puflrer, acting d I
rectly on the mucous surf a s. The perfect
combination of the two Inttredients is what
t.ees such wonderful results in curing ca
e. end for testimonIals free.
F. J. Cerey & Co., Props., Toledo, 0.
Sold by druggilts, price 15o.
Hall's Family Pius are the best.
Are Tea Stiased With What Yna Knew, C
Or wanld on g adly improve your stnet of
kanwlsdget You my ot have 5i) or ft) you
nme spare for a lrosoume encrec olmt, out C
ean afford to pay fitty cents for a Hand
eof Oenersl Intorm:ttion. You won't Want
to par even th a unlea you are desirus of
improving your mind and believe that a five-.
hundred-page book. filled with a c:ndensed
ess ao vasuable knowledrge, wll be read by C
you. 'h'bis valuable Encyclnpam.lia will be sent
postdfor ftyr con's in stamps br taoe ook
PnbUhint House, 14t Leonard St., '.. Y. t Itr.
p' person who has tot a large enc.vclojpdla h
shoutd tAe advantage o th reat Offer at
onse and store his mind with the valuabe a
toats coilatei '- '.." '
Des't eobaseo Spit sad Smehe rour L.fe b
Away. ei
£t rea want to quit toba€,o us!o easily and
_ser, rseale s manuood, le made well, E
a". manlmtio, full of new lie slid vieor d
tab -Bae, the woder-worker tha
ashke week as strong. Many ga tea a
EAn is tea dayr. Over 400.00 outred.L uy
-use mreo your owe rurlggist. Under e
V1.pse eratee to cure. Book at oampl
o terdong Remedy Uo., Chicago
He--It takes three generations to make a
eSle nlhe-And six figures--Indian.
Delbh slaatawDnora: Seoap ecatain anl the
esd iawperties of Doa.inas' Electn , combined r
alS tb-ue at the bet fstinle asp. No chapped w
..e where th seap i used. Same pries s adiu- i
nwo sops without Bora. ned wrapper. is
o-'y llf without you will be lonely hi
SYbs Helross-Bun t think how busy you 1
tobe-L-.Lfe.
Aimn a Ihe. ofw at Carets the naseS
'ltwir s elregulator "W made, of
Ir faesd permanestlyeured. INo
at ys use of DIa. K a's Oasi di
]reeIr s 4 t ixi Stt eand trts
S MsmA to Dr. KlisN.¶i Arch St. Phita., P b.
_ C s ~res,,muta tlol isJ an A re.1
Wilhl les orao ntive, eat anlikre oo
Yes. gwmieLnw teo seen5r forohefirees a I
" o fnoe. ara t t me infla meo a
m liprills olide eupte wid eolle. sa bottle. at
asIt se eel omte i u lsa, lsa ds re -
H oody'se Hood's
Whoyt e thur ee the
h am e e tr oe
1 edil builds up the whole syuu. sad
felsedIa M
Hood's
the
8a prl a
Whpamssmrr. oh. tig
-. - - . N
LIFE'S SCARS.
to y say the world is round, and yet
at often think it square;
,a. v many little hurts we get
From corners here and there.
lut one great truth in life I've found,
While journeying to the West:
The only folks who really wouul
Aro those we love the best
The man you thoroughly deept'e
ho Can rouse your wrath, 'ti. true:
i0 Annoyance in your heart will rest
At thlngs mere strangers do;
But those are only passing ills,
This rule all lives will prove:
Tiue rankling wound which aches and
thrills
Is dealt by hands we love.
Is The choicest garb, the sweetest grace
Are oft to strangers shown;
Tile careless mien, the frowning face
s Are given to our own.
We flatter those we scarcely know;
We please the fleeting guest;
' 1Ant deal full many a thoughtless blow
to To those who love us best.
Love does not grow on every tree,
Nor true hearts yearly bloom.
a. Alas for those who only see
This truth across a tomb.
le But, soon or late, the fact grows plain
To a;l through sorrow's test:
The only folks who give us palr'
Are those we love the best.
-Ella Wheeler Wilcox, in Frank Leelne's
Popular Monthly.
"JOE BAKER'S GAL"
BY C. B. LEWIS.
HAT was the way she
was referred to in a
general way-""Joe Ba
" ker's gal"-and there
o"a were plenty of soldiers,
teamsters and others
who did not know that
her name was Mary.
Soe Baker was a hunter,Indian fighter,
scout, prospector and miner, and he
'a had a cabin and a home up in the
Three Buttes of Idaho, to the west of
. Fort Hall. Father and dnaghter were
all alone-he a man of fifty and she a
t girl under twenty. We at the Fort
knew him well, and we saw the girl
quito often, but no one knew Joe
Baker well enough to question him
abort the past. For reasons of hit
own he had taken up his abode beyond
civilization, and though the life was
wild and lonely and full of danger, the
daughter seemed to prefer it.
A girl of about eighteen when I
knew her-slight, blue eyes, short,
early hair; a strong face, dressed for
climbing, riding and walking, and one
who commanded both admiration and
respect the moment you laid eyes on
her. She had a handshake for officer
and private alike, and to us and all
others who came that way she was a
border queen. We said to each other
that it was a strange thing for Joe
Baker to make his home among the
dangers of the mountains, miles and
miles from the nearest settler, and to
expose his daughter to the hardships,
privations and perils of a frontier life,
but no one questioned him or her, nor
did either volunteer any explanations.
The cabin was in a bit of valley way I
up the East Butte, and was built I
mostly of stone and contained three 1
rooms. There were days at a time I
when Baker was prospecting or scout- I
ing in which the girl must have been
left entirely alone, but she rode.
hunted and fished. and now and then
was the guest of the Colonel's wife at
the fort for two or three days at a C
time. The woman may have found I
out more about the girl than I have b
told you, but, if so, the information e
did not crom the parade ground to the a
barracks. b
For weeks the Indians of Idaho had s
been sulky and sulren and threatening.
The fore at Fort Hall had been in- t
reased by fifty men, all wagon trains
were doubly guarded, and every sol
dier or eitizen who understood Indian
character felt that an outbreak was at
hand. One Jay, when Joe Baker was
at the fort eonsulting with the Colonel, d
the latter advised him to abandon his h
home and take refuge among us. The ti
old man realised the situation, but I
said he would wait and see. He hated
contact with the world-eoven that in
finitesimal portion represented by a
hundred people at a frontier poet
and the daughter knew no fear. We
saw him two or three times a week, as o
he was then soouting among the Indi. o
ana and brlnging in reports, but we *
had not seen the girl for a month, hi
when a sergeant's guard was de- 1
spatehed to East Batte to at and haul w
telegraph poles for the line whioh was
to connect the fort with the outside e
world. There was danger that we 8'
might be ueat off if an outbreak oo
eurred, bhut there was also needoft I
haste in completing the line. That
was our first glimpse of the cabin, as bi
we went to our work on the mountain- 1l
ide, and ary stood in the door to at
shahe hands all around and inquire tb
about those who were absent. She s
taipated an outbreak on the part of 5,
the Indians, but upresed no fear. di
Only the day before she had rueived n
a visit from three sallen warriors,who it
had demanddfood, and seaedonthe pi
point of committing violence, but she of
had odered them away at the maule as
of her Winehter, and had no thougaht at
of leaving the place until her father a
retrem d and adved the step. h
Two miles east of the cabin we made W
ur amp and began work, but the s
Indime weh redy soone than we
hdpk ed ot. On the second night la
of car stay we were fired into at haid- di
night and routed out of eamp with ua
the lee of two men killed. We were
linba inb h the diration of Baker's wl
abin when we were joined b7 Mary. we
In aky ps ereoued down behind S
bowless ad bsgbd euen every in
m mnt  by thit in ur front to
the girl tldhe stor at manmed s
&e eemmd in plei of the poor aer- th
gamnt lyins y de Im ilnto the tb
nmbw ct dammnd .wcld .n ..u de
rush upon the cabin just at sundown,
lbut fortunati.ly she caught eight of
them in time to cose the door. Then
began a fight whbch lasted for an hour,
during which the had killed two and
wounded another of their number.
The redskins had at length drawn off,
and the brave girl's first thought was
of the soldiers on the mountainside.
She hoped we had heard the firing and
would como down to investigate, but
as midnight cams without us she left
her shelter and headed for our camp,
knowing at any step she might run
against a prowling Indian, but yet
determined to warn and save us.
We were soldiers and by no means
i novices in Indian warfare, and yet
noneof us grumbled when she assumed
the leadership and passed the word to
slowly fall back on the cabin. The
Indians pressed us every foot of the
way, and but for the darkness of the
night and the girl's familiarity with
the lay of the ground not one of us
would have escaped. We were no
sooner sheltered by the eabin than it
was clear that we must stand a seige
before the door could be opened again.
Baker's cabin, as I have told you,
was a pretty substantial affair, its
walls being of rock and its roof of
dirt. Here and there were loopholes,
and the door was heavy enough to stop
a bullet. In leaving the fort we had
been provided with one hundred
rounds of ammunition per man. In
our retreat from camp the four of us
had brought off our carbines and
cartridges. The girl was armed with
a Winchester, for which she had a
bountiful supply of ammunition, and,
when we came to take stock, we knew
that we could hold out for a week, so
1e far as having the means of defence.
a It was the question of food and water
a. which made every one look serious.
re There wasn't food enough to give the
,, five of us a square meal and nota drop
rs of water inside the walls. The spring
It from which it was obtained, as wanted,
rwas two h.ndred feet away, and it
r, would be running the gauntlet of
,e death to attempt to reach it.
e "Well," siail "Joe Baker's gal,"
>f when we had canvassed our situation
e and its chances, "we must put up with
a things as they are and do our best.
t The Indians have encircled the cabin
el and will be on the watch the rest of
the night, but they will make no move
n until dayl ight comes. Let us sleep if
y we can."
, She went to her room and the four
a of us lay down on the floor and napped I
e until daylight came. The Indians 1
counted on us as a sure prize and only I
I needed to be vigilant while night last- I
ed to see that we did not escape. I
r There was but little firing during the e
e last of the night, and none at all dur
j ing the first hour of daylight. From p
1 the loopholes we saw the Indians mov- g
r ing about, however, and it was clear t
1 that they were all around us and in a
a strong force. In the larder there t
were about five pounds of flour and s
two or three pounds of bacon-noth
ing else. The ~outbreak might or e
I might notbeknown at the fort. Even
if it was the Colonel would hesitate
before weikening his slender garrison
to send a column to our relief. He
wculd rather expect us to fight our 6
way through or dodge about and come c
in singly as fugitives. There was no tl
telling how long we should be cooped g
up to live on those scant rations, and p
by common consent we went'without p
breakfast. The Indians cooked their tI
morning meal in a leisurely manner
and it was sometime after sunrise be- p
fore they made their first move. It c
was a baud with "Chief Charlie" in a0
command, and he knew Baker and the of
girl even better than we did. Baker D
had hunted with him, and on one oc- ta
casion had saved his life, and he called tc
at the cabin on variouns occasions and
bad been hospitably received. He ti
was therefore probably in earnest w
when he advanced alone and unarmed ni
to within a few feet of the cabin and II
said to Mary: d
"We are on the warpath against the la
whites, and we mean to kill, kill, kill a
until all are dead or driven away. 01
Your father saved my life, and an In- de
dian never forgets. I do not want to
harm to come to you, and you shall hi
take your horse and ride away to .the sp
fort in safety."
"But what about the soldieret" she th
asked from one of the loopholes. to
"They ecanot go," he replied. vi
"'he soldiers are hare to make waron ax
us-to shoot us down--to make us
obey orders we do not like. We have ox
only hatred for them. I know how "
many there are in there-four. They eq
have their guns and will fight, but we th
shall kill every one. Come out, and TI
we will send you safely away." th
"I shall remain here and help the fo
soldiers to fight you I" answered the
girl.
"Then you will be killed with
them."
The ehief turned awgy sad went K
back to his warriors, and'ten minutes tii
later there was a circle of fire all Hi
about the cabin. The loopholes were ye
the objects aimed at, and as every red- hii
skin was sheltered from oar retara nh
fire we plagged the loopholes ap and in
did not fire a shot in answer. It was
noon before their fusillade ceased,and ma
it was almost the last bullet whieh ie
penetrated a loophole and struck one me
of the soldiers in the groin. In half J.
an hour he was dead. From the min. BL
ate he was hit until the death rattle
came the girl sat beside him, holding he
hs hand, but helpless to do anything. ai,
When his life went out she rose up fe
and quietly maid: an
"aOrry the body into my room and as
lay it on the floor. Thank LGod, he
did not cry out for water when we had tri
none to give!" tra
We had soareely removed the body tea
when the nladians made a rush. There qa
were now a fall hundred of them. 18:
Some of them earmned a log to batter
in tgs door, some elimed upon the wl
roof, some fought with us for poses weo
sion of the loopholes. We fired up s
through the bush and dirt and Id
th gh the ioopholes, and at the end iti
of te mainute we had beaten thm oE BA
wn, but we had lost another man. A hnl.
of let had strnck him in the heart and he
hen I had fallen without a groan. In return
wur, we could count five dead Indians oat
and side and see three or four wounded
rer. crawling away. As we bent over the
off, man and knew that he was dead the
was girl motioned for us to lay him beside
ide. the other, and when we had returned
and to tie front room it was to beg of her
but to accept "Chief Charlio's" offer, if he
left would still hold it good, and secure
np. her own safety. With only three of
run us left to guard the cabin another such
yet general attack must overcome us. She
us. replied that she would not go, and we
ens at once set about reloading the carbines
yet and making ready to defend the cabin
ned to the last. It was hours before we
I to heard from the Indians again, and we
the were almost certain that they hal
the drawn off, when, an hour before sun
the set and without the slightest warning,
pith they rushed for us as before. We
us blazed away as fast as we could
no through the loopholes, but I am sure
a it the cabin would have been carried but
ige for a lucky shot which killed the chief.
in. His fall created a panic, and just when
su, the situation was most critical the at
its tack ceased. I did rot know when
of they drew off. The demons were on
lee, the roof and battering at the door,
top and firing in upon us from some of the
fad loopholes, when things suddenly
red turned dark with me, and when I re
In covered consciousness I felt a horrible
us pain in my side. A bullet had broken
ad a rib and passed out behind the shoul
ith der. Stretched dead on the floor was
I a my comrade, and sitting on the floor
id, weeping was "Joe Baker's gal." She
ew had fought the last of the fight alone,
so and with three dead and a wounded
oe. man in the cabin it was no wonder her
ter nerves had given way.
as. There was no more firing that night.
he Consumed by thirst and racked with
op pain, I remember nothing except that
ng Mary spoke hopeful and sympathetic
d. words nod and then and that she had
it the guns distributed around so as to
of cover as many loopholes as possible in
case of an attack. When morning
I," came the Indians asked for a parley,
on and offered to send her to the fort. I
th did not know it, being out of my head
at with fever. She scorned the offer, and
in for three hours the cabin was under a
of heavy fire. A rush would have fol
ve lowed the fusillade, but as they were
if gathering for it a half troop of cavalry
from the fort, headed by Joe Baker,
ar came galloping to the rescue, and the
!d Indians were routed. It was ten days
as before I knew all about it. A great
ly Indian war was upon the land, the girl
t- had been sent hundreds of miles away
e. for safety, and when peace came again
is she did not return. It was like a
r- dream to me-three dead men, one
m grievously wounded, a white-faced
v- girl moving about and making ready
ir to fire a last shot, the crack of rifles
in and the fierce war whoops-butI know
re that it was all real, and a humble pri
Id vate soldier whispers:
*. "God bless Joe Baker's gal, wher
ir ever she may be l"-New York Herald.
S Dog Eaters of Ameriea
e The arrival here last week from
ir China'ot two edible or chow dogs re
e calls the fact that the Chinese are not
o the only people who have been
d given to eating dogs. The custom
d prevailed among the Aztecs, and es
it pecially the Mexicans, at the time of
r the Spanish conquest.
r It was probably discouraged by the
* priests and severely repressed by the
conquorers, for it appears to have a
a completely died out. Even the species
a of dog seems to have become extinct.
r During a considerable sojourn in Cen
tral America the writer was not able
I to find a single specimen. C
l The edible dog of the Aztecs was en
e tirely unlike that of the Chinese. It
t was of the hairless variety, but it was
1 not the well-known hairless dog of
I Mexico, which is comparatively abhun
dant there today. It was a very much
a larger animal. There is in existence
i a drawing of one of these dogs, by
Chavigero, an early chronioler, who
describes it as being "four feet long,
Stotally naked, excepting a ftw stilt
I hairs on its month, and ash colored,
Sspotted with black and tawny."
The existing hairless dog answers
this deseription very well, except as
to size, but it is not a degenerate rar
vival. It abounded at the same time
Ssad was generally despised.
Like the Chinese, the Mexicans eat
Sonly the puppies, which they called
"Techiehi." Chichi is the Astec
'equivalent of our verb "to suck," so
Sthat "teehiehi" was "scoking pappy."
There is abundant Spanish testamony
that it made very tender and delicate
food. -New York Journal,
Oldest Taller in the United 8later.
William H. Bmither, of Verailles,
Ky., is the eldest merchamt tailor ac
tively at work in the United States.
He is ninety years old, and for seventy
years, since 1827, he has steadily plied
his needle and shears in a quaint little
shop on Court Square. scarcely miss.
ing a day from his work.
This veteran tailor has clothed as
many as four generations in the same
family and a number of Kentucky's
most illustrious sons, including John
J. Orittenden and Senator J. C. ii.
Blackbarn, have been his patrons.
Mr. Smither is hale and hearty, his
hair and beard are only just begin
ning to turn white, and he has a per-.
feet set of teeth. His eyesight as good
and his bearing is ereot. He has never
used either tobsacco or stimulants.
He was a passenger on the initial
trip made by the first steamboat that
traveled in Kentucky waters, and at
tended a reception given to the Mar
qnis de Ia Fayette in Versailles in
1825.
Mr. rmither's wife,Draeilla S8mither, a
who is eighty years old, is the oldest a
woman in Vermailles. They have been
married sixty-three years, and con
fIdently hope to reach their seventy-.
f tth aniversary.-Obicago Times. q
aseald.
How Old are You?
You need not answer the question, madam,
for in your case age is not counted by years. It
will always be true that "a woman is as old
as she looks." Nothing sets the seal of age
so deeply upon woman's beauty as gray hair.
It is natural, theretoro, that every woman is
anxious to preserve her hair in all its original
abundance and beauty; or, that being denied
the crowning gift of beautiful hair, she longs
to possess it. Nothing is easier than to attr.in
to this gift or to preserve it, if already
possessed. Ayer's Hair Vigor restores gray
or faded hair to its original color. It doe3 this
by simply aiding nature, by supplying the
nutrition necessary to health and growth.
There is no better preparation for the hair
than
~ AYER'S HAIR VIGOR. ('
C)
ý'. ,i ý'``'ý'ý'i-',`;
EVERY MAN HIS OWN DOCTOR.
ByJ. lHamilton Ayers, A. Y., M.D.
This lI a mosL Valuable Booa
for the Houasehol, teachlF as hI
dies the eaal).lla tin.:nished
Symptoms of dlfterent ,serases,
the Caues and Meanls of Pre
veontitg surh Di-eases, and the
SImple.t Remedles which will al
leviate or cure.
59 Yair, I'rofusaly Illustrated. "
The Baw: is wr;tten itl plain
fro,,m rn i tert, tcal terms which
render most xI t (or Books so
valueless to the generality of
readers. This Book is la.
leaded Io beel service ins
tLo Family, cud is ,o wordod
as tour readily undlerstoold y all
ONILY il ets. POSTrAID.
oot oly does utr Kook e.a
taln so much Informnationl Rola
tier to L).sesr, sot very sprper
ty glees a C(oti plate AUai)ls ol
everything: pertaistag to Court.
blip. Marriage ant the Prolue.
Don and Rearn;n 0 e Healthy
Familles,tosether willh Valuable
Recilpes aul Pretcription., xt.
planationsor Botanical Prscldce,
Correct tten ord lsary erbisto
BOOK /PUl. llOt'~ 6R
134 Leonard iS., N.1 . tr, CA
DEAFNESS
'H And Read Nolsee relieved
biry sln SVil-O IIaot e.
New ctentlll inventlon.
DEAF '^men ree `" oerses.
different from ill other d-
vrees. The only safe. aim
pIle, comfort l and lvasv
ble tar Drum In the
world. rl~p where omrL
cal ekll fasl. No wlro or
string attachment. Wi:te
for pamphlet. Free.
WILSON EAR DRUM CO..
14u Trust Bldg., Leelsville. My
and Dip Needlte tor Prospectors
Wltinrs and Treashle kSken
CiOD S rcular. 2 ets, P. & 1.
Al":Vt'Y. PImwvre. Penn
W Alo Agent., Wasnted for noew Ueno of Specialties.
PATfNTS ear' a:'etenc'" . ed s.tch
for ndvlrs. (t.. Deane, Iets prin. el
aminr LU. S Patent oBmce.l Duan
t Wgav t, I~GchiI Building. Washlagtos, D. C.
O NE GOLD, ....
Oha DPaeIM, CIumba u 0.
OPIU a ram n . I Weesua A
UrIUN raIs . We,,a- *Y,.~u Lock Bnx 112, BiitlsconAu, ALA.
"Absolute l Pure-Delidous-Nutritious.
The Breakfast Cocoa
MADS aY
WAT KER & . LIMITED
CCEtcnER.MASS.
COSTS LESS THAN ONE CENT A CUP.
NO CHEMICALS.
I ALWAYS ASK YOUR GROCER FOR
WALTERll BAKER &CO.BREAKFAST COCOA
MADE AT DORCHESTER,MASS.IT BEARS
IEIR TRADE MARK LA BELLE CHOOLAItRE
ON EVERY CAN.
*AVOID IMITATIONS
WOMEN SHOULD KNOW
Tlal the Diesaissenw aly ealled "'Fm e Dlseaese" are the
FeRmdae of serol a the TeeNs re r w they sdtler.
wMes, clUee, adli m the Wa omb, Plaan mad Irxllar
"EWees am eased by deraet of the ortaf r menstruation. Heaaacho,
Ebackaobe, Dissiasw te, a of the kiLas Fainting Spells are also symptoms
of the same diseases. I onlsy ~eam, athr
temporary relle does aot ar the dea
WINE OF CARDUI
CUIE= FEM1AL DESEAS
I e n s takren in as privea'cofho .ue.--,HEd
Sof ladiue it. DrgiaLseti e ommem ii.
One Dolar buys laoetle e.
P .-n Cm.rrr lawme Caaty Mo.
I have been loted with Iryseamr e e i
YMruntion~:d v severe m pag Spells frel
lownlteachmonthly period. Afterhe besabdeaor
I could And had failed to besef me, I tried the
Wine of Cardi treatment. I gm s mending atones, and before I had ured a
tall botue I wa better thea I a er twelve moat. NIURFY WATSON.
-ENCYCLOPEDIA
a id t well be the fame of the
POOR M N 'S ENCYCLOPEDIA
book seont postpaIM l fter
a In p tamps by the SOOK
PUBLISNIbH NOUS
34 L~nsvld Nt I. Y. City, fee it earses Dsdles at th erast aaaol~tdia
-M - powl s n m e eagt aap an •ly a lack of earr ede.
d nm.vm0 Whem ad, aO A*askt you nstha se cor am of rner.
emsm yu to msderea ad? ms . a maIllSt o pay te havitn su kaowa
aa handt 3 p knmw who amams was. sad wheo ha hied? Who bellt the Pyrarndo and
wheLat tma sewls ISw at per memdWhat 1s he leag.t river a the wrea Tha
etres Palad the- n l wL Melle w? What the Gerdlaz Ret
5Ma c ---s - 5005
uLar sW ak n s L-* -- f
-1 im in am .L p r
DR. O. T. DOZIER,
Ohe Reeowaed su.ntarrn .praealist.)
Bllrantinglassan. Ain.
Rueeessfully tryst', a, Wh.o ,- FY MATL.,
all f"ormna of Plrml,. :: V%: ,0, Skin
and I'rlrate Dileaaes tf M.1 n . Woul omen.
CURES GUARANTEED.
All ('hrule TD).enaee of 1.u1nas. Liver
Heart, Kidwv4. Ia ,. ani a:t dtitases of
the (:u!tu, t.riu.uy ov;ran: are in my line of
prl:e"ei. [! i...:s,'. : p't:. to wo"etine. and
a!! v-ner,. l ii-,"... "' erL:. r <--x pltivi;l
cureid bIy nil :ial I tft :.:,.*"-. Impedi.
ints hIt-o innar;. t-. . : tire. Varleo
,ele. Irpote"n. , l::i- ,:..0 al1 evil rev
'ultl of a f a :.ii,'i,. or a --le indudlgence
tuickly :! i,(rcrt':u irtlY or' . I giuara -
teA satisfaction iu ogry ll ." I treant. My
valuable ' " tlot fir Mel: It..'y a'id i-ymnp*
tom Blanks for rin.i r - " ,- wini be sent
free In plini. Pealed 1 ,lopl. t.. all whe
apply. ('onsnulttloi fre . wlelbth.r in per,
son or by letter.
A FEW EXTRACTS FRO'.t PRESS ENDOPSEMENTS
Hundreds more of lik"' haraeter, and
thousands of high tr'eaim ni':u:s from pa
tleats can be furni-dl- . if .--":a:-y.
(Atlanta t ontetl uit t
Dr. 0. T. Dozier. the !:eat . r ' . a iure  r 'ledical
Dispesnary of ilrnhctIt,~.r. l:a . isa a', lalmt O
nearly twenty) ears' eCpereii nc e the tit v t et ,
brnle. nerv)outs and trv .t dire 'i iauJ hi- nal~e
form sucese h .s given him . lie tiniu pt:t'iou In th
medical rofession.
t:Taso.uic Golde.)
Dr. Doster canh i trlc I upon ti treIt diseases Is
the most s'n'es-fuli t.aUe., and he ii known al
over the south
iTh s.oulth'rn Old IFeilOw.
We cannot ald a1nn(isi toli tile relnutato(na r.
0. T. p'ler has lre.-ly ac- qured In the line of lJ
profeastlon, but we ka i.ll;,! r, oe abrother0
i.ellow th t can he ree-ld 0.i ti a.trr out Oever
promise he makesr to trw ri ecd.u; hit services.
: Age Hirald )
* * * Dr. Dozuer a, re-I . t 9,r many rears ual
Blrmlgham. and s achl 1 Iu u..- e 3ear ihas aill td
Il which he is held by otur -t " Itzen. I His 1
proud dilat:iction of fts,:i1.ie at the head ofhk
profession."
(Peoples We- k'y Tr;ltine.)
As a specialtst Dr. loz:ne i unexcelled by a
living phytal'n * " *' ie I a ,eorglan bybtrthi
a high-tomed, ruttured. ('hri.t tn ge t'eu e n, str1icU
honest In: -i hIa :e dings and ina ladily responsl
for all his costricts.
(Dael lv Yewe, Blrrninlhr.m '
Dr. Do\ser is a physlciasn and surgeon of edneasl,
skill and experlece. an in of clitare and hlg
ters tpertalnig to his ,pr, fes,!on.
l a(sLrina ('rllrtla;t Atd io'te a
HRi CD' Dz:er'.t prte-I .tel ran tll:si uuI
ptenhable and hia cu.ntacr as a gentlemals n a
cltisean is alae i epro.,'h.
Address
DI. O.'T. I)OZIlERB.
Lock Box 112, Bir.ur.Au, ALA.