11 I z + --, - I -.H
LOUISIANA POPULIST.
Subscription $1.00 Per Year. These is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. Price 5 Cents.
VOL. III. NATCHITOCHES, LA., JANUARY 22, 1897 NO. 23
l .Y Br -an fla Y "- II try ' _m 1IT m y-. - f. . -- V
Billy Bryan says, "We'll try 'em
again,"
Advocate a government postal tcle
graph system.
Confidence is restored: now bring on
Your prosperity.
And now comes the chewing of the
gold standard pudding.
We would-lJke to see wheat get on
a arity with the 200 cent dollar.
Extend the circulation Of the reform
newspapers; they are the "salt of the
earth."
IF THE people desire financial re
form they must seek it outside of the
two old parties.
The people voted fOr dear money
o.ne day and now they will have to
work for it four years.
The trusts are pow beginning to ad
vance the prices of their wares. They
stem to have "confidence."
It may not be out of the way to re
mark that in all probability McKinley
feels a little like Napoleon now.
The effort to cover up all other ques
tioqs with the free silver discussion
will fail. It should be headed off right
here.
We hope the politicians will have the
,tame sympathetic regard for the poor
laboring man now as they had before
the election.
Let us talk about something else be
sides free silver. Don't let that pre
vent the discussion of all other ques
tions as the tariff did for years.
The politician will now retire and
the fellow who talks reform but never
votes it i.entitled to the floor until the
nest campaign brings out the poliU
cau again.
'i t refu to join the democratic
VW ina the veaant campaign is treasen
_i*iWothg' i1 the interest of the re
p ft pae rty, why has it not been
4000s1a to be very well sats
with the election .of McKinley,
'' ai sone should lnduce every
to pause and ash
a we ?ritusT*
Sist .:that mattjority of the
`yl th r e demo
1 ppty + t h othdresse o0
` e to held, eblseottona In
ýth o th etatet WhT not di a
,'Ps*aSlS suad tarn it in
-he eleetla e sult art
IFOb the
ass to nh
abihas
' ·········· tei~~~-d'it
WHAT WILL WE DOI)0
TOM WATSON SOLILOOUIZES
OVER THE-SITUATION.
"As Legatees or urnO Patriots of the
Fast, and Trustees for the Pres.
eat and Future, Let Us 6min
Firm."
People's party paper: I sit here by
a warm hearth, surrounded by the com
forts of home-a citizen secure in
many inestimable rights.
How did I get them? Scholars con
ceived them, poets sang them, orators
spoke them, warriors fought for them,
martyrs died for them-and at length
the statesman wrote them into laws.
I can worship God as I choose-not
as some other man chooses-and there
is no wheel to break me in, as there
used to be, if my conscience varies
from the king's.
I can vote as I please, and claim a
voice in the making of laws and the
choosing of rulers, and there is no
block to behead me on-as there used
to be for those who could see no "di
vine right" in the one-man power.
I can put forth the strength of my
hand in any field of industry, and
whatsoever I earn is mine, mine-and
is not carted up to an embattled castle
to feed some lazy lout of a robber who
calls himself my feudal chief.
I can think anything that comes in
to my head, and, having thought it,
can speak it-nay, speak it vociferous.
ly to any assemblage of human breth
ren who choose to hear; and I can at
tack the government and everybody
connected with it for sins of omission
and commission, without the slightest
fear of being hanged for treason, or of
having the dragoons disperse the meet.
ing, or of being shut up In prison as a
riotous and seditious person-all of
which happenings would have occurred
to me a few generations ago, unress
perchance, I had turned my tongue to
the chant of the priest and the flatter
ies of the kiang.
It has not been long since it was
a crime to talk of the rights of the
common people! a crime to assemble
and discse grievances; a crime to
say that the governed should have
voice in the government; a crime to
claim liberty of speech and of con
seience.
When I think of the awful pun
Ishments wreaked upon those who
dared to denounce wrongs ' in the
olden days, when nearly everything
was wrong, I seek in vain for words
to express my profound admiration
for the courage of those who gave
their lives to the Cause of the Right!
NIo suck heroism has ever been
shown on fields of battle as has been
shown by the martyrs of civil liberty.
The frown of kings could not silence
them, nor the curses of Popes turn
them. Prisons could not quench
their fires, nor could the, rack break
aught but their bones. As they
marched to the block, they stepped
lightly-as pioneers leading the free
at is reat future. As they mounted
the schkold, they rose, step by step,
proudly, like conquerors leading men
upwmardand onward.
Thei' names are lost-nearly all
of thorn-but here in my quiet home
•I sit, th jegatee of their hroiCe work.
1 1IY my band on the code of my
ceontry, anmd every great leading law
Ia it has cost some brave man his life,
I am g4ardad round about with guar
atdesea.t d afie-guard---al consecrat
@4 wMh the bloo~l of human sacrifice.
And 4aI owe nothing to unybody for
SAm I to nurse the slippered toot,
by ar4ws Ireside, in selfish ease, and
tUE stir forth toilnquire how fares
it w~it amy brother?
sl I to be deaf to the cry of hu
pjai isarlng, blind tothe havoc
rieulg br bad laws, cold-hearted to
the plagi of the heIplems weak agalnat
U.e twi ma ot' the opprasive strong?
Ass I to as tr i n the bileaslas
i me by the hrosa of the tiast,
sad reo aqught for the miseries that
me Udm ton the children who fol.
F .QI3ria a holda his life for himself
v 'u .alh ods its splendia gift as
u 4trstee Vho'matt coaie to
ai~~ldt. a omin day, with the. Most
lesm to s1emi t I I" lttleC
S a a4 test becau s the
wsidsS giasthgiit us at the help
a't bahr shods me- that
tak s agr idt and bal.
to run
.ug OQU-CliLE~i: ~
d# * S1P*4zttLQi pf B
~~sad
:~i:~~f:,aadata;,-uz~f
RXTES AND COMMENT,
What the People Are Thinking, Saying
and Doing.
Some of our populist papers whc
fought the idea before the election, ir
the early part of the campaign, are
now declaring for a four-years' cam.
paign on the issue of free silver alone.
We hope they will think better of it
when "the smoke of battle clears
Sway" and they get cooled down. In
)ur humble opinion it is a mistake to
make even the currency question in its
entirety the sole issue. Other ques
:ions of almost equal import are press
ing for settlement. It is by pressing
:hese that we strengthen our lines. If
)ur issues are practical and desirable,
in assortment will not weaken us.
While the logic of the situation may
make the money question paramount
with free silver at the front, we must
'arry with us other issues to strength
en our position. We have tried a bat
tle on a single issue. We have lost.
Now let us take up the other impor
tant and necessary reforms and press
them forward. There is much that is
humiliating in the oft repeated charge
that Hanna is responsible for republic
an success and defeat of free silver.
if this be true, then surely American
citizenship is at a discount. If it is
not true, the cause of financial reform
is weakened by making the charge.
We are loath to believe that one man
owns and controls a majority of citi
zens in this country. It must be re
membered that Mark Hanna had be
hind him the brains of Some of the
shrewdest business men in the country.
He had unlimited means that were con
tributed by corporations and wealthy
Individuals. He was supplanted by
shrewd men and Skilful politicians at
every point. It was all this aggregated
force that defeated the cause of free
silver. It is true that Hanna was both
an unscrupulous and shrewd manager,
but without' such strong support as he
had defeat for the republicans would
have been overwhelming. No one man
possesses the power over the people
that Mark Hanna is said to have, and
we but belittle our own manhood when
several millions of us admit that we
were outdone by one man.
At the National Farmers' (.) con
cress recently held at Indianapolis,
Ind., ex-President Harrison delivered
a lengthy address. He spoke of the
-ustomn of men of a particular avoca
tion associating themselves together
'with commendation.
"The times are full of such associa
Jons," he said, "and I think they
ihould be encouraged." Cenbral Har
rison said: "Don't fight as one that
beateth the air., I have no patience
whatever with those people who are al
ways fighting the air. If you have
something to antagonize, out with it;
specify it, make your attack directly,
it must be so if it is to be effective. II
there are abuses of any kind in legis
ation or in the business of the country,
et us fix the public eye upon them un.
dl we have exposed the evils and then
we can trust the country to make it
'ight. It is mischievous to denounce
'lasses, and this thing and that; and ii
.here are trusts, let us know it, and
(ring legislation to bear upon them
md court decrees to bear upon them
md-then we have accomplished some
:hing."
The farmers have not been backward
in their demands for the past ten o_
:wenty years; but the only responr
hey seem to get is the charge that they
-re repudiators and anarchists. What
'he farmers must do is to emphausie
:heir demands at the ballot box.
During his lifetime Mr, Wilndom.
;wice secretary of the treasury, used
;he following well chosen words tz
gardIng railroads, and which apply to
other certain corporate powers: '"The
channels of thought (telegraph and
telephone) and the channels .of com
merce thus owned and controlled by a
few men, what is to restrain corporate
phrr, or to fix a limit to its exactions
apon the people? What is there to
hinder these men from depressipg or,
infiattlag the value of all kinds of prop
ert? to suit their caprice or avarice,
and thereby gathering into their own
~offers the wealth of the nation? Where
is the limit to such a power as this?
Whgt shall be said of the spirit of a
free people who will submit without
protest to be thus bound hand and
toot?"
Th posltion taken by the pop~iats
•a $hils subject is the most lmpregsna.
ble of all .their platform. It should be
agitated on every oceassion. The peeo
1iheald.be told tblt It is no hew and
uiuied era memat, but one thbt .has
been successtully demonstrated by
three-fourthl 6f the dvilized nations of
the esatlt, Let the luestlion of public
,a priihlP be given the promIlneneeilts
tierit 'derves slid our ties will be
imich strenitheRad ;i the next toir
"itrer is. some -eonlation,,howewtr,
Iti gswlege which thtis uuwjliag
Alislease t of .is l. se-lls uijPgrts to
come." That is the best thing Morton
ever said. Every sane man who knowi
anything about the subject knows that
the expenses of government are much
greater than is necessary. In the old
days of Jefferson it cost the people
about 60 cents each per annum to be
"governed," and they were "governed"
better than they are now for about $1
per head per annum. The secretary
thinks that both the tariff and currei
cy questions should be taken out of
politics and given to a commission tc
settle. The danger of such a course
would be in getting a commission of
such men as Morton. Continuing his
Sinterview he declared himself certain
that harmony would be restored be
tween the two factions of the demo
cratic party.
The Arkansas Democrat sizes up the
situation in pretty good shape in the
following spirited editorial:
"The next twelve months might be
spent very profitably by the several
varieties of democrats in getting to
gether. That the several factions of
the party are now wide apart, and that
i great deal of friction exists, is not to
be doubted. Lc. us see, in the first
place, how many kinds of democrats
all claiming with great earnestness
that they are the best democrats, and
the only democrats, we find after the
wreck. First, there are the democrats
who voted for McKinley-a very large
number. Second, there are the demo
:rats who voted for Palmer and Buck
ner-a small number. Third, the dem
ocrats who took to the woods-a very
considerable number. Fourth, the
democrats who voted for Bryan but
who would not swallow Watson; and
fifth, the democrats who .voted for
Bryan with or without Watson. It is
easy enough to revile each other and
call hard names, but if we are ever tc
have a democratic party again, the
thing to do is to get the warring fac
tions together on some common
ground. We shall never be reconciled
or harmonized so long as we go on ac
cusing each other of disloyalty and
treachery. We can never present a for.
midable front to our ancient enemy
while we are split up into hostile and
warring factions. The need of the hour
is. cool judgment, good temper and a
sincere desire for a return to old-time
democratic principles: Certain it is
that abuse of each other, crimination
and recrimination, will not pave the
way to success in the future. In its
long career the democratic party has
had many dangers and perils to con
tend with, but there was never a time
when wise and conservative counsel
was more in demand than the present.
The very existence: of the party, de
pends upon it.
New Zealand is becoming an inter
esting study for people who desire the
-largest liberties consistent with the
public good.
It ls of interest to note how that
colony taxes its citizens, for if there is
one thing above another we need to
discover in the United States, it is a
system of taxation which will work out
'with absolute justice to every member
of the commonwealth. The article
makes clear the extent to which New
Zealand has carried progressive taxa
tion. The income tax is levied only
on incomes exceading S1,500 a year..
Between that suna and $6,500 the tax is
5 per cent. On larger incomes it is 10
per cent. The land tax, also, is not.
levied upon persons of small means,
Persons owning less than $3,500 worth
of bare land are exempt from the tax,
which rises as high as 1% per cent on
holdings worth more than $1,000,000.
In the taxation of owners of mortgage'd
lands, the amount of the mortgage is
deduct~d, and the tax upon it is as
sesaed to the owner of the mortgage.
For the further relief of mortgagors
from their hardships during recent
years, the government lends money on
farms, up to three-fifths of their value,
at 5 per cent. The farmers must pay
6, but 1 per cent goes to the extinguish.
ment of the debt. The average rate
of interest on American farm mort
gages is 7% per cent.
Here is an example of farm loans
that the government of the United
States might do well to imitate. Some
of our states already loan their school
tends on real estate, which is to all
intents ,and purposes a government
loan on real estate. The New Zealand
system of taxation, also presents an
example worthy of imitation. It fol
lows and is founded upon a well known
and generally accepted law of nature
that the strongest shall bear the great.
eat burdea. Mankind recogniae this in
lower animals, but in this country out
system of taxation places the greatest
burdens upon the poor.
W. 8. MORGAN.
A oldites Hit Hard.
A eilverite and a goldite were o:
the street the other day and a Revie,
reporter wu Just oPPWote them. "1
aymsmrPrjye, colonel, to see a man 01
your sense, advocating free silver
Whbat on 8eith can you be thilnkin
ioOat?'' rdmarked the goldbug. "Well,
it-is Mjt this: If we have free siver
et Esapp yaouor debts, and that is
one reasao I am interested in having
trie govas A physiclian and a earm.
fl¶:.
$500,000,000 CA PITAL.
GROVER VtI.L HAVE IT TO
START A BANK,
He Will Endeavor to Control the Irlnan
ces of the United States-Would Sure
ly Bring a Revolution with Win
chesters Instead of Ballots.
It is given out now through the As
sociated Press, the monopoly mouth
piece, that Cleveland is not to imitate
General Grant in a trip around the
world, but no reason is given to the
public for the "King's change of
mind." Accidentally, sound money has
come in possession of the real reason.
He Is going to start a national bank
in New York city as soon as he leaves
the White House next March, at least
our Washington correspondent Eo
learned.
It seems that someone, high in au
thority in Secretary Carlisle's offce,
told a friend so, colfidentially, in
speaking about his future plans, and
the conversation was overheard by our
correspondent's informant, a very re
liable person. This oficial is to have
an important post in "the greatest
banking institution in the world"-it
will probably be called the First Na
tional Bank of North America. Roths
childs own South America completely.
"Grover has become ambitious," says
this friend, "since he ha.s amassed sev
eral millions so easily, to become the
'richest man in the world,' and he is
devoting all his energies and the ad
vantages of the high office he holds,
to make a foundation for his. bank that
will make it 'firm as the Rock of Gib
raltar.' " He proposes to out-do Nich
olas Biddle's United States bank
scheme, and so be able to corner the
people, and be the real ruler of the
United States by being president of the
bank that will have its powers to
block the wheels of government when
ever it chooses-that is, if the election
is not so close as to give a basis to cry
"fraud" and hold on where he is.
The capital stock of -hls bank is to
be $500,000,000, based on United States
bonds, $262,000,000 of which he has al
ready issued himself to Pierpont Mor
gan and others in the deal. The re
mainder he will issue between election
day and the 4th of next March, if the
people will stand it; if not, McKinley
is to issue them-Mark Hanna qnd
John Sherman, no doubt, having
agreed to do this in consideration of
Grover using his influence to create
the Palmer-Buckner ticket to aid in
McKinley's election.
This bank is to be a competitor of
the banks of England and France, and
old Rothschild himself-the old Boss
Jew's American adepts are discount
ing him at his own game of "hog."
Pierpont Morgan, Benedict, Whitney
and Stetson are to be fellow directors.
It is believed that Dave Hill has eyes.
upon the attorneyship of the bank so
fixed that he doesn't take any-interest
in the present election, but Carlisle is
slated as head legal adviser.' Prob
ably Nicholas Biddle's bank that Jack
son squelched out will appear in his
tory as the smallest satelite in the
heavens to the sun in comparison to
Grover's colossal scheme. It will be
the government, and McKinley, it
elected, will be simply a subaltern to
Grover the Great.
Such will be the tremendois power
of the gold standard if Bryan g beaten.
Wantson's Eleetoral Vote.
Had Mr. Bryan been elected, presl
lent it is very likely the choice of vice
president would have fallen to the sen.
ate, for the division of votes would
have prevented either Sewall or Wat
son from having a majority in the
electoral college.
As it is, Watson will have at least
21 votes in the electoral college, and
may receive more. He will get four
votes from Louisiana, five from North
Carolina, four Nebraska, two Washing
ton, one from Utah, one from Montana
and four Missouri. In 1892 the'popi
lists had 22 votes in the electoral co!
lege.
In other respects the party seems to
have been as successful as in the past,
or more so.. Populist committeemen
.clalm the election of twenty-one con
gressmen from California. Idaho, Col
orado, Alabama, Nebraska, Kansas,
North Carolina'and South Dakota. Iq
t·he present congress the pbpulists have
only six members. They also hope to
secure senators from Kansas, South
Dakota, Idaho and possibly North Car
olina. This will leave them with about
the same strength in the senate as they
have at the present time.-Chicago
Record.
A Sensible Comparison.
If the postoffices were under corpo
rate control, as the railroads are, and
discriminated against certain places or
interests ~in favor of others as the rail
roads do, many enterprises which now
flourish, would be crushed., If the rail.
roads were owned by the government,
as the postal service is, and run in the
interest of all the people without dis
crimination, many enterprises which
now cannot exist, Would: spring up and
aourish. Sgee?-Daily Tribune.
All this talk about 19O ulnder a
iociatio banner is bosh. The rot
t~i -raeo of thart papty is too much
Srt;tPle .to vr + iiRschp. aainn .
THE HONORABLE UNION.
The Democrats Wanted to Hold Their
dobs.
The great reform movement which
covered the entire West was forcing
its way East and South. Thorough
and complete reform in finance, trans
portation and land had become the bat.
tie-cry of well nigh a majority of the
people west of the Missouri river, and
of Texas and Georgia. A great party,
the democratic party, had proven a
traitor to the country and was in the
throes of death. Democratic politicians
foresaw that their jobs were about tc
be lost. Politicians who had cast the
votes of their states once, twice, three
times for Cleveland in as many na
tional conventions, saw that the, time
had come when they had either to
cease co-operating with Wall street or
give up their governorships, senator
ships, congressional seats and county
offices. This fact stared them in the
face. They looked about them for a
means of holding their jobs, Certain
Western republicans and certain prom
inent populists were striving for a
"union of reform forces" so they could
get re-elected instead of being suc
ceeded by populist hdvocates of gov
ernment ownership of rai'oads. Why,
yes, let's unite, was the happy thought
of Vest, Vocrhees, Jones of Arkansas
and thousands of other democratic
office-holders and offce-seekers. "Let's
unite in the democratic party."' And
Stewart, and Teller, and Weaver, and
Allen, &c., .&c., said "Let it be so."
Just how many months ago they an
swered thus the public does not know,
but circumstances very strongly point
to a date nearly two years past. The
"union of reform forces" advocated by
Senator Stewart, now and for thirty
years or more an attorney and lobbyist
for the Central Pacific railroad, was be
lleved at the time by many of us as
intended as a move in opposition to
government ownership of railroads,
and especially in opposition to the gov
ernment taking possession of the Pa
cific railroads under the past due mort
gages.
Who were the head leaders in the
move to capture the people's party?
Jones of Arkansas and Senator Stew
art,
Jones less than two years ago intro
duced a bill in 'the senate providing for
four things: The issuance of five hun
dred million dollars of bqpds: natioqal
banks to have one hundred per cent en
bonds deposited instead of ninety per
cent, and the charge for same to be re
duced to one-quarter of one per cept
per annum; the destruction of a part ft
the greenbacks and silver notes; for
the unlimited coinage of silver. All
these propositions in the one bill.
Stewart was on the senate Pacifle
railroads committee, That committee
reported in favor of ezxending the time
on the debt of the Pacific railroads to
the government for eighty years and
reducing the interest rate on the debt
to twd' per cent. Stewart as a member
of that committee favored the report.
The report of the committee claimed
that the government had better re
lease all claims on the roads than to
adopt the principle of government own
ership by taking possession of the Pa
cific railroads and operating them.
Stewart and Jones, Jones and Stewart.
What immense reform would come
from a movement engineered by them!
-Missouri World.
The People Indorse This!
The public debt has been on the in
crease for several months.
The increase for March was $1,551,
087.
The increase for May was $2,897,4650.
The increase for July was $11,27318,
624.
The increase for August was $12,
812,071.
The increase for September was
$2,191,945.
The increase for October was $7,
581,693.
This Is not a very good showing for
gold standard but the people have en
dorsed it and the secretary of the
treasury should keep it. If it is wrong
the people ought to have condemned
it, but as they did not, one can only
conclude that It is all right and ought
to be perpetuated. When McKinley
gets the helm, with John Sherman as
secretary of the treasury, he may be
able to beat this record. A sound
money business revival oughf at Ilast
to increase the publib debt ffteP anll.
lions per month.--eouthern Mecury.
Trot It Out.
Bring on your prosperity! We haive
heard enough about it. It hUa been
promised to us by the plitocratic press.
They put it on the transparencies and
had the weary laborer carry it through
the streeat. The orators - have yelled
that I. was coming. Beven the gold
bug prcachers pledged it. Nod let it
come. We will take no exclruses.
Begin at once. We are cager to
see the difference' between g~old bast
democratic rule and gold brrais repub.
llcan rile; We, the comr on people,
the silver faratics. ,calamzrsy towlers,
cranks, Will not shit as spectatotrs at this
continuous chor. but l hile we pay
o* price we wilh jeer the. elowns and
hias the villain edr ring down the
catrtain in 1900 ,'l;.n the whole sorry
lot.
The bjest way to down the' mone~
power Is w!th government banks.