HaI.HAL. AYER,
The Drtilaut and Talelted Assoelate
dlltor of the Caucaeslm.SaatOrMer*
olm autler's raper, the Gem and
Pride of Populism to the Old North
State, Examines some Letters.
"A GREAT REMEDY.
The Co(eansan (Jve Free Advertlalag
for a f(ood Thing.
For some weeks past t;e Ca~easian
h,,, )eu rt:uin., as advertisement of
the -wauip A gel Company. We had
n, t given it very much attention, and
Shuilo we libd s~ti fiel ourselves that it
w,as a good lmedicine, we had no true
idea of its real value. From direct
evilence we can affirm to any one in
terested that this medicine is possibly
lhat las long been looked for. We
Fhould be slow to make this assertion
but for the fact that some strong testi
monials have come under our notice,
and we here present them. The orig
inal letters are now in the possession
of the Okucasian.
MIAID A PERFECI CURE.
Suffolk, Va., Dec. 26, 1895.
,Swamp Angel Medicine Company,
Washington, D. C.:
Enclosed please find money order
for $5.50. Please send the Swamp
Angel medicine. One bottle has made
a perfect cure of my wife, who had a
terrible case of dyspepsia. Send med
icine by express.
Yours, very respectfully,
REV. If. II. BUTLER.
FEELS LIKE A NEW MAN.
Lapell, Ind., Dec. 10, 1895.
Dear Sirs :
I received your medicine all right
and it is doing wonders. I have been
troubled with La Grippe and Catarrh,
and I do believe your medicine will
cure me of both. Already I feel like a
new man. Yours, truly,
SAMUEL DURANT.
WELL IN A WEEK.
George, Mo., Dec. 20, 1895.
£Samp Angel Medicine Cb'mpany,
Washington, D. C.:
Gentlemel--Some days since my
foreman, Wm. T. McCall, ordered two
bottles of your medicine. I being
very much afflicted with piles and in
iigoetion, he gave me ope bottle, and I
commenced the use of same just one
week ago.. /,o-day I am well.
Yours, very truly,
CHARLES OTTrr.
NEST EVER USED.
I herewith noelose you 50 cents for
which please send me one pint of your
valuable medicine. It has helped me
very much indeed, and I consider it
the very best I have ever used.
Yours, truly,
" ?ATnAKIEL L. KELLEY,
Coxville, Int.
sawrMssawe EwEFIrr.
Liberal, Mo, Dec. 4, 1895.
lb the Proprietor of the Swamp An
gel fMediine Cbnpany:
steeing your advertisement and be
ing terribly afflicted with rheumatism
and kidney trouble, I was anxious to
try your medicine. My wife was also
a great sufferer from heart failure and
asthma. We have tested the medi
cine thoroughly, and consider the re
sults wonderful. Kidney trouble near
ly all gone ; rheumatism better than it
hasa been for twenty years. dy wife's
dropsy all gone, kidney trouble very
much better, heart trouble almost gone,
asthma better. Taking everything
into consideration-her age, which is
79, and the length of time she has been
afflicted-e-it is surprising to note the
beselt she has received from-the use
of The Swamp Angel Medicine.
Your truly, I
* GW. .AvIs.
P. S.--I need two dosen bottles at
eace. Will send csh with order if
required. Direct to Liberal, Barton
The Pour Quarters i
t of th Globe are
SDrawn Upon Dally.
Out of the abundance
of its Store of News
Will eableyou to garner
upknswldfe of the world
Sth buasiess mra, the
dterk, the meesaic the
. einer, thbe yoag an old
se rasd e gay. w nlln
flu' ar d flMtw
. ..s..... w.
ease--****
D W. MARION- ,
ssa-- lw. r o.,. :. wa oo s
.D, D. T.ARIONI
Weight, 1893, 120. ;" IS), 169, ,,..t 13N, 180 Peonds
tBy UsIng Swamp Angel Medicine.
,iro years aro, o. 88, I was a ccnaumptive, d pep ic, cmaciaed4, tabiit
tad, oing man, weighing but 120 pounds. Kow, at 40, Itvcigh 170 anddam
in perfect health. &sch are the wonderful results of using Sveamp Angel
ABtcdtcie for two years when any symptornms of disease showed themselves.
1R'hhn the ecntif~ men ef the world, and all the health boards of the large
citi<s informed the public that consumntin. and tle most malignant andfa
tal aiseases, were caused and produce by/ living bugs, germs or microbes, I
then determined to find a germ or microbe killcr. I then bought and tested
criry prqparation on sale for throat trcublcs, bronc iial aftections or consump
tion. I could not find a germ or microbe killer in the entire lot of medicines.
It em commencedto ezplerment with naphthol, and produced a, medicine
seiilar in efects to .Bdro-naphtel. While my medicine was very strong,
t et, I could drink it like water. But the most wonderful thing was that one
drip would snot only kill millions ofgerms and macrobes, but would instantly
kilt any large insect. I named this remedy Swua'np Angel llcdieine in honor
of the tcanp Angel canon, a gun very destructive to enemies but harmless
to its operators, its friends. Even so, Swamnp Angel 1 ,dicine destroys till
lower .erm WIfe, the cause of human disease. Under heat, this medicine dis
olves into gas, air, and can be inhaled directly into the lungs, therbg killing
all germ and mierobe Wfe on theseorgans. Lke lightning, ties same medi
cine will rush through the skin, and therefore kill any ache or pain from a
common toothache to a severe nurlgia or rheumatic pain. Every family
should have a bottle. Cutout the ticket on this page and get one.
ýgel Liver Pills will petanently esue you
of anry or all cf the abe amieyiag afl'ec
'" 4< tions. Let no dealer gire ea subtbs
need ceaning. If so, there is no tote. 1Many deists W I tell you that
medine equal to the 8wm An eiRem. our remedies uresiratIs, aply soL
edles. Are youa , co- they lave got ge te la st ck. L tM
dWith nause? ysay this, b~ a sb , thiWk a moment,
Wt ufrad stands betoryetf, and by hke rp
Are you costive? : tetentbless istryiag to t yew m3ney
Do you belch up gad on s article of aor he has Jn
Ta your head dirzzy at tnmpe stock and can asks a p4sti on. ".
Does yea taogue eoat oe tLook oat, don't set sacker for º
Do you he sadf sapit oftea delt
Syou safer ftr fi ttu headrtclh
Sufeel eak are d dePliid1 enit te older to
i there eM. bad etae in the mouth Hal pt Swamp Angel ed, for 50
Do yTo as)t if Tot had lead in yon? Or 2 pt. for - 100o
digest and. i? ill ye surer Ias  dozen half pts for 6o00
el 11s 1 desr thd, ya l have t6 pts, 260
1 dos pts. 4 50
&3ARl Nef the STOXACE II Address uns or say wholesale drug I
O pint bottl of Swamp Angel M- ompany. Swamp *agel Med Co.
ones ad one26 cent bxof Swamp An- Washiagtoea, . C.
For Sale It: Natchitoches by Mc. K. HOLSTON.
E; J. Garrble,
-DEALER IN-
General Merchandise,
HIGHEST CASH PRICE PAID FOR COUNTRY PRODUCE.
SST. MAURICE, LOUISIANA.
Mc. K. HOLSTON,
-DEALER IN
Fancy Groceries, Notions, and Dry? Goods.
Iront Street. Natchitoches. La.
E. . Teeddli e,
St. Maurice, - - -- - La.
-DEALER IN-- -
DRY'GOODS,
GROCERIES,
NOTIONS, ',.
AND ever tbinag sually kept in a tiat class country store. I
(lg as h 0 Pric paMl fr TTO1N and other country pros
84acem. p s bargain for the FALL trade, ome and see us.
Louisiana Populist,
PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY, AT
Natchitoches, Louisiana.
ONE DOLLAR A TEAR IN ADVANCE. 4
THIlE LEADING POPULIST -PAPER OF NORTH LOUISIANA.
Devoted to the Education of the massesupon the reform itues
of the Day.
Advertising Rates on Application.
It has a large circulatinn, and Advertisers will get large returns
through their Advertisements..in the Populist.
---
H. L. BRIAN, Editor.
It will give the leading local and general News Items.
-----OOY--
The Populist is designed to spread among the people a knowledge
of their political and social rights; an excellent advertising medium
as it circulatesilargely among all classes.
Be sure to subscribe for it. Be sure to advertise in it. There is
no harm in getting both sides of all questions. Therefore send us a
Dollar for the Populist one year.
SrIreuilr to Tile AllilUnce ann,
Colton len1ticrq
W ill You ple: -e pi,ltli'h tiw etr
clo,"(ed c(i:r'l :u"r which I r, t", i
from .1. W. lHiid of JHeidl ille,
retary of the Farnuers State .,e.
:nce of SoIthl Carolina. Th' 'i,'
cular explains its,.lf, an'l I ;vai
akile the attention of all cttozl l IrI
er's, he they :alliance inlli ( 'li .
not, to the fact that tihyc :ari t,
be mulched of abou(it 1111 per ci.,t.
on the pricec of cotton tics o e!r 1.
years prices. A few vio
the hlua in,. tl'lst es;a I ie a i '
feat anti by united acint tl .n r
of the Alliance it was  heffat
therefore ask all uii niie, of
Alliance, :and indeed al! ,:,t!
l)lanters to take somel ste.i to :
feat this infamous attemplt :t at Il
iery Iy the cotton tie trulst. whit i
at a time when the cItItol! I,;;lti 1i
industry is in a most dep ,resseti ~ u,,
,lition, is attempclting to addno t n, ith,,
Inurlen to the already. overlrl,,eti
cd shoulders of the planter.
This action o(i the part of L,
trust is the most infiamious a- it is
taken, lilkea highway man, at a ilo
mient when you are in a itost tiel
less condition, att the beginniuli (I
the harvesting season when v\.r
cotton is being lpreliared for lineil
ket, and when you are in the mii!
of a political camnllpai'n in w l.ich
you are in ia lifo and death si ru;
g!e with the "mnoney trust." fiBut
you are not entircly helplessh,
you can yet hold your cotton in tII.
seed, until such tinie as you anll
make arranrgnl o ts to adopt a wire
tie, which I feel quite sure will ;,
found entirely practible.
Such delay in the marketing ( f
your cotton will enhance or it lca:t
hold up the price, andl thus youi
will be compensated in part for the
loss, upon an 5,00(I,.0o(t( crop of
I,1,2su,("ii of wich the cotton tic
trust is endeavoring to rob you.
The question now is will you take
the "bull by the horns" or will you
alloMyoursolf to be run over and
he further crushed to earth,
I appeal to old Alliance ilenlers
and indeed to all cotton planters to
rally to this farmers organization
and make a fight against mlonopo
listic and corporate greed. Sub
mit now and you invite other coni
hines to preyv upon you, and render
yourselves . :s able to resist other
and further encroachments in Ie
future.
Fraternally,
JOSIAH KLEIN PETER,
Pres. F. & I, U. of :l.
Extract from minutes (,f Farmers'
ts-te Alliance of South Carolina,
1896.
The committee on Cotton Ties
made the following report :
Whereas, - The nmanuacturers
and wholesale dealers in cotton
ties have advanced prices of ties
about 95 per cent. over last season
while the market price of steel on
ly justifies an advance of ton per
cent., thus furnishing us with an
other evidence that this is a day
of trusts and combines against all
producers; and whereas suitable
wire can be had at a cost of 12 cents
per bale against 28 cents a bale for
ties, thus effecting a saving of IF;
cents per bale on the crop, which
amounts to a saving to this State
alone of $128,000 on one year's
crop; therefore, be it
Resolvedl, That we ask all Alli
ancemen and farmers interestedl in
the baling of cotton in this State
Sto co-operate with us in breaking
down this new formed trust by
placing their orders at once for
wire to be used instead of ties in
l)aling the present crop of cotton.
And your committee further re
commend that our State business
agent be requested to at once ob
tain all information as to the sup
ply and cost of using this wire as
a sutbtitute for iron ties and report
to all sub-alliances, and that our
agent also be directed to corres
pondl with the agencies of the oth
or Southern States.
(Signed) J. B. IDO)UTHIT.
T. W. SHANNON.
C. A. PLYLER.
Committee.
After some discussion the report
was unanimously adlopted.
The Democrats have been talk
ing a great deal about uniting the
South and West, against the gokl
bugs of the East. They now have
an oporitumnty to do it by drop
pinga Mr. Sowall and supporting
Bryan andl Watson. If they are
sincere they will do it. If not
they should not be trusted. We
will see now whether they would
rather stick to their party and go
down in defeat, or vote for a prin
1 ciple, be patriotic, and wrest this
government from the dominion of
Wall street.-Buzz-Saw.
There are men who want office
Sbad enough to sacrifice Tom W at
son and support Sewall, but they
are not Pouliusts.-Buzz-Saw.