A Mrs. Taylor, of Florida, recently
had a disagreement with a bear which
weighed 250 pounds. She took aclub
and went for the beast, and soon
clubbed him to death. Her skill in
the use of the weapon argues long
and constant practice, and it Is safe
to presume that when she advises Mr.
Taylor to be home before 10 o'clock
nothing but a most serious emergency
prevents his following the advice.
-'Belle Boyd," the famous scout
and spy of the confeaeracy. now Mrs.
Nat. L. High, is lecturing in Georgia
for the benefit of a confederate ceme
tery.
Real faith never grows weak by having
to wait.
We have not been without Piso's Cure for
,.onsuml,tion for N years.-Lizzis Fsuaus,
Camp St., Harrisburg, Pa., May 4, '94.
There is nothing which a resolute man
who exerts himself cannot attain.
It the Baby is Cuttlag Teeth.
Be vre and use thatold and well-tried rermedy, Ba.
WxsLow's sooTsIRo wSTR for Children Testhlng.
The actions of this life shall be the fate
of the next.
A Free Schclarshlp.
We will give to some young lady a com
plete scholarship in the Virginia college
of Roanoke, Va., a leading female educa
tional institution of that state. Worth
$20 in gold. For full information write
at once. Courier-Ledger, Mexia, Texas.
No cost. This includes board, tuition and
all.
When a man has nothing else to do, he is
sure to get married.
The Lookout Press.
The Lookout Press, of Chattanooga,
Tenn., has just issued a slecial edition of
50,000 copies that is of especial interest.
Cats of Lookout Mountain, Chattanooga,
National Cemetery and a Chickamauga
Park monument and observation tower,
also a good map of all the battlefields about
Chattanooga appear. Short articles on
Lookout Mountain, the Chickamauga and
Chattanooga National Military Park and
other interesting subjects are printed. Our
readers can get acopy of this special edition
free by addressing the publishers and men
tioning this paper. Address (inclosing
stamp for postage), The Lookout Press,
Chattanooga, Tenn.
A coward is a man who fears to be called
one.
Ealghts Templars Ometal Route to Bosto
The Committe, on Transportion for
Knights Temples of Texas to the Triennial
Conclave at Boston, Mass., have unani
mously adopted the following route:
Texas A Paclfi, International & Great
Northern and "Cotton Belt" to Texarkana,
"Cotton Belt" to Memphis, Kansas City,
Memphis I Birmingham to Birmingham,
Southern Railway to Washington, Pennsyl
vaniaR. Rt. to New York, and New York &
New Haven R'y (bhore Line and Old Colony
Divisions) to Boston and return. This
Route takes you through the grounds of the
Great Cotton States and International Ex
position at Atlanta, the Magnificent City
of Washington where a day trip will be
given to Mt. Vernon, where lived and now
lie buried Washington, the Father of ar
constry; a steamer ride around the Gnat
City ot ew York and a daylight rid6 along
the shoe of the beautiful Long Island
Bonad.
Arrangements have been made for
special train, with through sleepers, leav
ýig T u rkana, August 28rd, 7:15 p. m., to
It berths are needed send in your name
promptly to CoL S. D. Moore, Chairman of
t Committee on Transportation, Hons
ton, Tex.,'stating how many double or sin
gle berths needed.
Rate-One fare for the round trip.
TScKsrs ox BALs-August 13th to 25th,
NEonsive, and via any rocognised route as
well as the omcdal route.
It frther information is desired, address,
8. O. Wauxs, G. P. A. Tyler, Tex.
A. A. GIus.ao, T. P. A., t. Worth, Tex.
Some say cupid should be repftented
without any head.
I Can't Sleep
Is the esmplalt of mmy at this season.
The Msea is found ia the fact that the
na we week and the body in a fever
S sad mdealthy emloitoa The nerves
may be retored by Hood's srasprill,
wdek feeds them upon pure blood, and
tY medlcine will also create an appetlte,
eaI Qs up the system and thus give sweet
Hood's Sarsaparilla
bs the ly tnre blood peroer pmraminty
i s th e p eeye tody. P1; dl for l.
Hood's Pills"
HNIGHTEST AWARD*
WORLD'S FAIR.
* THE BEST
PREPARED
* m CaNE & sore, New verbe.
81--j
MW
Isotl th
' METER CANNOT LIE.
A IMCKEL-IN-THE SLOT AFFAIR
NOW IN USE.
4 ('in Turns on Your Ca, ind the
Vial Tells You When Your Money's
Worth llas All Been Consumed-GiEves
Satisfaction Wherever t'sed.
AS turned on by
L the nickel - in - the
slot system is an
S)) innovation fr o
England that has
been adopted by
the Consolidated
Gas Company, of
New York City,
and the "prepay
ment meter," so
called, may in time
succeed the present method of meas
uring gas as consumed in small house
holds. In London a dozen rival ma
chines are in vogue. The most popular
s ones are the "penny slots." A coin of
this value is dropped into a small open
ing and gaslight is furnished for an
hour or so. This class of meter is very
a popular among the poorer people.
many of whom use gas only on state
occasions. The penny gas machines
are also very popular with single gen
tlemen of limited means, who live in
lodgings, says New York World. The
a prepayment meters introduced in New
York are not of the penny pattern. A
silver quarter is the coin required to
release the illuminating fluid. The
t mechanism is simple, yet delicate. The
size of the coin, not its weight, is what
releases the machinery. For twenty
a five cents 200 feet of gas is secured.
which is at the regular rate of $1.25 per
t 1.000. The gas need not be used con
c tinuously. A special indicator on the
face of the dial, which is supposed to
show how much gas goes through the
meter, moves out to the 200-foot mark
as soon as the coin is deposited. As the
I gas is used, this indicator returns to
the zero point. Meters of this class are
placed in the consumer's room or fiat,
so that the number of feet still to
be burned may be seen at a glance at
the dial. The machine is so arranged
a that two, three or four quarters may be
placed in the slot, and thus 400, 600 or
1 1,000 feet of gas purchased. The meter
will register and give credit for 200
feet of gas every time a coin of the
proper dimension is placed in the re
ceiver.
Treasurer Doane, of the gas company,
believes that the prepayment meter
will become as popular in the large
cities of America as it is London, es
pecially among the people with whom
gaslight Is a luxury. Take a family
of hard working people in which there
are young ladies who have company on
Sunday. Candles or kerosene are all
right during the week days, but gas
light on such an occasion is necessary
to "give the house a tone." As 25 cents
will light the parlor for several even
ings it will readily be seen that meters
will find their way into thousands of
households which, under the prevail
ing system of making a deposit, and
meeting a monthly bill, would never
have use for them.
Many people believe that the every
day gas meter continues to register
right along whether gas is being burned
or not. This could not. happen with
the new quarter-in-the-slot meter, as
the consumption is hourly under the
consumer's eye.
Mr. Doane said to a World reporter
that the matter of the value of the
coin to be used in New York was
seriously considered for several months
before the quarter was adopted. The
cost of collection, as the meters must
be visited at stated intervals by em
ployes of the company, is as great for
alckels or dimes as for quarters, and
this one fact determined the question.
Should there appear in the future a de
mand for a smaller system of payment,
there are a number of meters in the
market to chose from.
dLa than 300 of the slot meters are
la use in the city at present, owing to
the fact that no special effort has been
made to push them. They have proved
so satisfactory, however, both to con
sumer and producer that their general
use by all small concerns, will be urged
in the future, but not insisted upon. A
quarter will illaminate an ordinary
four-room and kitchen fiat for one
week.
Jeremy Diddler-You celled me a
dad beat Yoeu must take it back, sir,
or safer the eoasaequences.
Col. Percy Yerger-I never take any
thing back.
"You don't?"
"Nevwer, sir, do I take anything back!'
"All right! Yaou are the man I've
been looking for. Lend me a half
dollar."
Wije Awaht An Nliht.
New Burgtlar-Qh, sy! Dere's a
peach of a house to loot.
Old Cracksman-Humph! Dat's all
yau know about de bits.
"Hah?"
"W'T dey's twins in dat houase cuttin'
ather-1irbat was yr mother talk
l aboat a w hiloe agt
Am-I deat kow.
Iathr-Why, you sat and heard it
all
sBa-Yes, but was talkin to the
m em ilwas pse, out the man
who triesl to mnw b thL a La 0 the
ftb aslesinp. s mnr has the
hie rotoa botb as ao nJ aA t
HE SAW SNAKES.
They Were Real Ones, but He NMgn
the Pledge.
A good story is told about Major Bar
tow of Georgia. This gentleman's ex
citing war reminiscences, together with
his ability to absorb the product of the
"still' without apparent injury to his
constitution or impediment to his loco
motion, earned him fame and great
prestige among the convivial spirits in
his native town. The major, while sup
erintending the cultivation of his to
bacco crop, one day found six pretty
round eggs, and so greatly pleased was
he at their beautiful appearance that
he picked them up, and carefully wrap
ping them in his handkerchief stowed
them away in his pocket, intending to
take them home as playthings for his
grandchildren.
He forgot all about them, however,
and indeed for several days thereafter
the eggs remained undisturbed. In the
meanwhile, assisted by the warmth of
the surroundings, nature had wrought
a change-the eggs were no longer
eggs. but so many animate creatures
destined to give the unconscious owner
of their birthplace such a shock as he
had never experienced since the hour of
his first battle. It happened thus: One
evening the major was entertaining a
group of his admiring friends with a
most exciting chapter from his experi
ence on the tented field, when in the
course of his narative he paused, drew
out his 'kerchief to wipe his face, and
lo! six very lively little snakes wiggled
down the front of his waistcoat and
onto the table at which he sat. The
major's face was a study for the cam
era; his eyes bulged out till they ap
peared twice their natural size, his
mouth became a cavern, and his com
plexion changed from a brick red to a
leaden hue. He remained tranfixed for
the space of twenty seconds, then with
a yell that could be heard half over the
village he fled out into the night.
Rumor has it that he signed the
pledge before morning, but the rumor
has no foundation in fact.
A COLORED ARISTOCRACY.
Negroes Preprring to Establish a Caste
Line In Alabama.
The ex-slaves of Alabama are prepar
ing to organize an association to which
none of the late-day negroes will be ad
mitted. After the association has been
organized it is intended to have state
associations, and then take in all the
old-time negroes of the slave-holding
states.
And why not, pray? These ex-slaves
"belonged" to the best families of the
south, and they base their claims to
social supe tority upon their aristo
cratic connections before the war. In
good breeding and imposing bearing
it would be hard to find their equals
among the best educated of what they
sometimes condescendingly call "the
late-day negroes." Many of them en
joyed social advantages of the highest
order. The old house servants had con
stantly before their eyes some of the
best types of ladies and gentlemen to
be found in the world. They studied the
manners of their masters and mis
tresses, imitated their style of conversa
tion, and insensibly modeled them
selves in all particulars after the fine
examples before them. Many years of
freedom have not impaired their good
breeding nor their pride in the social
school in which they were brought up.
They feel that they belong to a socially
distinguished class, that they have a
past worth cherishing and preserving,
and that they have a right to be ex
clusive. Why should they not found a
society of their own, based on their
social traditions? Possibly, if they
were to investigate the subject closely
they would be able to discover many
deeds of merit and courage performed
by their ancestors in colonial and revo
lutionary times which would entitle
them to form revolutionary and colon
ial societies. At present they only pro
pose to go back to the general period in
time designated by the phrase "before
the war." The colonial and revolution
ary pedigree may and probably will
come later.
CURRENT FASHIONs.
Wide box-plaited and deeply kilted
skirts are coming in.
Soft sheer mull and Persian lawn are
among the most popular of summer
fibrles. 1
A conspicuous feature of millinery is
the immense display of abnormally I
wide ribbons..
Queen Marguerite will never wear the
same gloves or stockings twice, and all
her gowns are made in Paris.
Parisians are now wearing redingote
gowns, opening over tabller fronts, in
Imlatlon of those worn in the MaFie
Antoinette period. 1
Cheek pads for improving the contour I
of the face cost $30 a pair in London.
They are made of corallite and have to
be molded with great care. 1
Handsome English mohairs have been I
greatly used in the formation of styl- I
ish, durable and ladylike traveling cos
tumes for journeys by land and sea.
Melton cloth of the finest quality isI
used by the fashionable tailors instead
of covert suitings for costumes and I
jackets for cool days at the seaside or inla
the mountains.
Capes to match the gown are a fea- I
ture of some of the new costumes, es- I
pecially those for traveling, when thel
cape is made with a large, serviceable I
hood, lined with fancy taffeta milk.
Shlrts made of soft sateen, in various
Paisley patterns, bid fair to outrival 1
most of the other desigsr this season,
and are prettily finished at the throat i
with a turn-down collar and two stud. c
A wise dressmaker tells her cus
tomers that what they wear Is of little a
impertance eompared to the way thsy I
wesr It A waslarwoman'a frock sad
a regal air make a much finer oomblna
tion that a regal frock and a washes
womean's atr.
Beacee just now are being worn ftn,
at all kinds of light materials, gathere4
over close-ttlag foundations of colored
slk, wrkL sgleam throasuh, tIug
"--t thre gh t-b sea 's .gg g
I t.E WINNING OF FAME.
I One of the Ways In Which a Man May
p'erpetuate His Memory.
A man may win widespread and
long-enduring fame by founding an in
stitution of learning which shall bear
his name. says New York Sun. The
cry "Cornell" was heard over England
last week-it had long been familiar in
the United States; and the years have
added lustre to the memory of Ezra
Cornell, who founded the university at
Ithaca, N. Y., which was chartered
thirty years ago, and opened for stu
dents in 1868, during the Presidency of
t Andrew Johnson. The name of the
Rev. John Harvard of England and
I Massachusetts has been commemorated
for more than two centuries and a half
3 as the founder of Harvard college, now
known as Harvard university. The
name of Elihu Yale, born in New
lHaven, Conn., died in England, is em
3 balmed in Yale university, formerly
kI nown as Yale college, which enjoyed
t his benefactions in the first quarter of
r the eighteenth century. In California
3 there is Stanford university, named af
r ter a son of the late Leland Stanford;
there is the Johns Hopkins university
in Baltimore: there is Vanderbilt uni
versity in Tennessee; there is Vassar
college near Poughkeepsie called after
I Matthew \'assar, and there are many
other universities or colleges called af
ter their founders or benefactors. The
Rev Dr. Marcus Whitman, a pioneer in
1 the farthest west, is commemorated in
I Whitman college, soon to be university,
I in the state of Washington. If one can
not found a university or a college, a
seminary may serve to perpetuate his
name. At East Hampton, in Massa
I chusetts, there is Willliston seminary,
named after their founders. It may be
I ton: and there are in the country hun
dreds of other institutions of the kind
i named after their founders. It may be
inferred from the examples here that
the man who desires to perpetuate his
I memory would do well to establish a
university: college, seminary, or other
institution of learning, and give it his
name.
BEES AT ASCOT.
They Made Things Lively at the Race
Track for a While.
A curious incident occurred at Ascot.
While a large number of pleasant
luncheon parties were enjoying the de
lights of an open-air repast in the gar
dens behind the grand stand a great
swarm of bees settled down on the
guests around a table in a corner, says
London Telegraph. They buzzed and
buzzed everywhere. Ladies had bees in
their bonnets and gentlemen found
their hats turned into striking like
nesses of "Catch-'em-alive-oh's." Some
of the swarm settled on the cold sal
mon, and other members of it tumbled
into the champagne cup. In fact, the
bees created the greatest consternation
among the ladies and gentlemen in
that portion of the grounds. They were
gradually drawn off the luncheon party
by a gentleman, to whom occurred the
happy idea of treating them to a little
music on a metal tray under a tree.
After the tapping or tinkling on the
article had continued for two or three
moments the queen bee settled on the
branches above to listen to it, and was
at once followed by all the swarm. It
was an extraordinary sight to see hun
dreds of the insects hanging like great
black and gold clustors on the tree
while the tinklink continued. It ceased
with the luncheon, and the bees did no
more harm. In the earlier part of the
performance a lady was pretty severely
stung.
It All Depends.
Charlie Knickerbocker-Where are
you going all dressed up in your best
Sunday clothes?
Dudely Canesucker-I am going to
call on old Goldbug and ask him for the
hand of his daughter in marriage.
"For the hand of which one?"
"That all depends on old Goldbug
himself. If I find him in good humor
I will propose to take the youngest, and
if he is disposed to be surly I'll have to
be satisfied with the eldest daughter,
who has a hump and one eye."-Texas
Siftings.
Emoegh to Make a Hore Leagh.
A bloomered bicycle girl caused a
runaway in New York Central park the
other day. How queer that is. When
horses around here see a Boston bicycle
girl in bloomers they whinny with de
lgllht.-Ex.
CURIOS.
The green ants of Australia make
their nests by bending leaves in the
form of a cone, and fastening them with
a natural glue.
Strange drinks are served in the pro
hlbitlon town of Pittsfield, Me. A toper
there was served, by mistake, with a
glass of embalming fluid, and at last
accounts he was not sure whether he
would die or was destined to enjoy Im
mortal life,
Some one is trying to create trouble
in the oyster market, and Inhure to the
oyster a natural death, by quoting from
Leviticus, xi., 10, this injunction against
eating the succulent bivalve: "And all
that have not fins and scales in the seas
and in the rivers * * C they shall be
an abomination unto you."
Pllfty - three men were engaged in
(rooklyn at an employment agency to
travel to Europe with a rich invalid
named Waldeman. They each paid $5
to the supposed agent. When they
called again they learned that the In
valid had recovered his health, and was
strong enough to run away with $5 be
longing to his dupes.
A tunny young man in Mllledgetule,
Ga., rigged himself up as a ghost, and
in the midnight gloom visited the house
of a nelghbor to tlghtes him and have
a laugh at his emipense. The ghost In
terrupted a burglar at his work, and the 4
burglsar tarned the laugh agaianst the
shoat by robb#l g bha of his watch and
wmna dearw
. .f,:L  ;. .  .a .
Highest of all in Leavening Power.--Latest U. S. Gov't Report
Baking
RQ X Powder
ABSOLUTELY PURE
Can Kiss Anywvhere.
It is lawful in Atlanta. (a.. for a
nan to kiss his wife on the street, or
anywhere else. The courts have no
lecided in the case of >.ezkiel Martin.
i United States soldier at Fort Mc
l'herson. It appeared at the trial
that he and his wife, who had not
teen each other for some time, met in
one of the principal stree.ts at Atlanta.
hlartii was -o deiigated that he
Kissed her, then and there, and, not
only that, but he hugged her and it
took a large number of repetitions of
these atTectionate denion-tration to
express his feelings. X large nurn
er of people witnessed the perfor
mance and were highly delightly with
it, but a policeman was scandalized
and proceeded to apprehend Martin
for disorderly conduct. The court
lid not sustain his view of tle case
out held that it was entirely in order
for a man to hug and kiss his wife
wherever he pleased. Thereupon the
haupy couple kissed in court and
went about their business hand in
band.
What Next?
A man in the east, who o"'ns a
ranche in California, saves the ex
pense of going to see it in person by
baving photographs of whatever is
going on made and senit to him.
The Most sensitive Thing on Earth
Is a hunian nerve, Tl'his in a state of health.
Let it betcomle overstrained or weakened, and
the sensitiv.ne-s is in.reaied tenfold. For
weak or overwruught trerves, Hi,uttter'a
Stomach Hitters is the best tonic in existence.
since it invigorates and quiets them at the
same time. It also t"sseres: superlative et
vacy in dyspepsia colnstipation malarial and
kidney complaints, rheumatism and neu
ralgia.
Iid Not Wrlte Thenm.
James Whitcomb Riley says that a
good deal of the dialect "poetry" in
the newspapers, with his name at
Lached, is not his. Editors have a
way of crediting him with all such
stuff which is unidentified.
F. J. CHENEY & CO. Toledo. 0.. Proprs. of
Hall's Catarrh Cure. offer Sits) reward for any
case of catarrh that can not he cured by taking
RHal's Catarrh Cure. Send for testimonials,
free. Sold by Druggists. 7c.
Wit is like love in one respect-easier felt
than described.
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly used. The many who live bet
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
adapting the world's best products to
the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
remedy, Syrup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its presenting
in the form most acceptable and pleas
ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
beneficial properties of a perfect lax
ative; effectually cleansing the system,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
and permanently curing constipation.
It has given satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medical
profession, because it acts on the Kid
neys, Liver and Bowels witnt weak
ening them and it is perfectly tree from
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
gists in 50c and $1 bottles, but it is man
Jfactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
and being well informed, you will nowt
acoopt any substitute if offered.
As One Woman
To Another:
R "iery Monday morning for two years I've used
CLAIRETTE SOAP -always makes the
clothes pure and white without hard rubbing
have my washing done by nine o'clock. This
msop has never harmed the most delicate
colors in my summer dresses, so it must
free from all acids. I do wish you
would send down to the Grocer
and get a cake to try on your
net washing-day. You will
" ind a perfect Laundry Soap.
'e. ' Sold everywhere. Madeoly by
&tthiI The
" N. L Fairbank
Company,
Ranks with the best Business College In the Unite
Btates. :zpeoslel, equipped. Three coetly beak.
ar onm fouurteen etates. Graduates In poltOlM
and nMit mon et Dcaim en u otsIaW eA
:r... A 4sess a a. ac erneusse .gý eeWae.a
i
A good appetite is not -attl!ý.try proof
of a clear (ou.cfien e
lien', live, are ait thior,oughly btlanled
with ta'h other a. the air tilhe - reathe
"Nanson's Magic Corn Salve."
.'arrral.td to i cue or incey refuidel.i Ak )our
dtug i.t tol it. IPi t 1- cent..
\Vthat imuiit he shail Ie: ndl that Iwhith is
ne,.e--it\ to himi that strIugg'es is little
Itore thtiu a h lle to hint that is wiiling
Many nlllllrnlre ,ulllline t to Ire tIeP healtllh
tI the sar.co r ;in:t The revitn, p1,r. rtles of
Parker s ti ,t-e I ,,r" t s" er. t"!+' e 11.$
I'jetry i- thought run into the toltl, of
r1. rth all I ,,o),10 v
it.erv one kInowsi iott ,w it is
t sfftter with . orus sia trheI are it ,* ' i ',ve to
tracvtut ...in It.t it em to l lthinet waith lit .dtr.oJrnL.
Truth is unnrtttful, it nest dt" ige-, no
tmaitter \lho is hurt
If Troubled With Sore Eyes
Jacksnau's Indi in .I've Sial\V wi'il positively
cure thlmn. 5c ait all drub .-t'res.
There are nIan j e,;... hti are rto:il
good. anid toodl for nothliin ttIn
FITS -A:iI[ltstopttdt freh tyfir. K lne's reat
rrsve Ifeaorer. h, lll mfter' :, r r ..t -, u"..
IMa.rv loubcure-. . Tr,"alt ea nlll a"_tr1 i r .tt Ii frr. t
Icasea. beu d I i'. r.te,9c$1 As ct' it.,' I&.
To catch taut old bird, % tvu S~houll ue
new chaff'.
In Our Great Grandfather's Time,
big bulky pills were in
general use. I.ike the
"blunderbuts" of
that decade they
were big and clum.
cv, but ineffec.
ti'e. In this cent
ury of enlighten
ment, we have
SDr. Pierce's
Pleasant Pel.
lets, which
cure all liver.
stomach and
bowel de.
rangements i a
the most effec
tive way.
If people
would pay more
attention to prop
erly regulating the action of their bowels,
by the use of these little "Pellets" they
would have less frequent occasion to call
for their doctor's services to subdue attacks
of dangerous diseases. The " Pellets" cure
sick and bilious headache, constipation, in
digestion, bilious attacks and kindred de
rangements of liver, stomach and bowels.
LOOD poison
-- * Primary, slB.
I S A LPE CIATY I c,-a T
Iar ILOUD POISON permaneatl
redin 16to6 days. You can be treated
me for same price under same gaarag
ty. lfyou prefer to come here we will oo
tract to payailroad fareand hotel bilslan
aoebaoetf we fall to ease. If you have taken mer
cury, iodide potash, and still have aches and
paitn ueoosPatches In mouth. Bore Throat,
Limples, Copper Colored spott, Ulcers on
ay pet of thebody, Hair or E yebrows flling
ut It is this soecondary BLOOD P0180
we guarantee to cure. We solicit tbe most obstl
mate caeee ad challenge the world for a
aswe eanot cure. his disease has alwars
baled the skill of the most emlnent physl
clansl. 500,000 eop!tal behind our uncondi
Utonal guaranty. Absolute proofs sent sealed on
application. Address C( )K REMEDY CO.,
807 Masonm Temple,. CHICAGO, ILL.
IICut out and send this advertisementl
AMo aol Lile ond DeatI
I care the morphine and whisky habits un
der a positive guarantee for 15; the tobacco
habit for N. Proof of cure sent frceon request.
Endorstd by three postmasters in the state of
Tea as Address 3. WILSON, ua, Texas.
Morphine and Opium Habit abso
lutely cured in 24 Hours. 1 .Yxa
leave us absolutely free from the habit and In con
ditlon to attend to your duties. Our proposition:
If we fall to make a cure we pay all expenses. In
cluding railroad fare. Correspondence sollclted.
Address. LABEAt'MdE MORI'IIINE CURE CO..
Dallas. Texas. Testimonials sent on application.
EMERSON, TALCOTT & CO.) ola,*l * ar"
Standard CultivatLrs, Wagons, tover
Abbott Be gs,
PLANTERS, MOWERS, ,taindard os,
Dallas, - - - Texas. Plows.
Patents, Trade-Marks,
W N U DALLAS 35
When Anla srng Adver as to ement Klndly
Ment on thiv s aper.
s~i~es."1h~3 ~hml..V&T5..a