IO UI AN POPULIST.
Subscriptc.on. S1.CO a Year. There is No I rcc Country. Unless the eoplc I ule. PIice 5 Cen s
V()OL. II. NTCiII()CIES, LOUISIANA, SEI'TEMIEI -4, 1 S9. N(). 3.
FOIUNI)ATION- PrICIPLES.
First-That union or tie labor
forces of the United States this day
conlumnmated shall he permanelnt
nd pel rletual. may its spirit enter
all hearts for tlw salvation of the
republic and the uplifting of man
kind.
Second-Wealth llonlus to him
who creates it, and every dollar
taken from industry without tan
equivalent is robbery. "It any will
not work, neither shall he eat."
The interests of rural and civie
labor are the same; their interests
are identical.
Third-We delieve that the time
has come when the railroad corpo
rations will either own the people
or the people must own the rail
roads, and should the government
enter upon the work of owing or
managing any or all og the rail
roads, we shoulnh favor ai e.mlneltl
ment to the constitution by which
all persons engagad in tha govern
ment service shall be placed under
a civil service regulation of the
most rigid character, so as to
prevent the increase of the po~ver
of the national admiristration by
the use of such additional govern
ment empioyes.
FINANCE
First-We demand a national
currency-sate, sound and flexible
-issued by the general govern
ment only, a full legal tender for
all dobta, public and private, andt
that without the use of banking
corporations, a just, equitable andl
efficient means of distributing di
rect to the people at a tax not to
exceed 2 per cent per annum to be
provided as set forth in the sub
treasury plan of the Farmer,' Al
lianee or a better system; also by
payments in discharge of its obli
gations for public Improvements.
We demand the free and lunlimi
ted eoinsge of silver and gold at
the present legal ratio of 16 to 1.
R !We demanud that the amount of
Scirculating medium be speedily in
creased to riot less than $54 lper
capita.
We demand a graduated income
tax.
We believe, that the mnloney of
the country should be kept as much
as possible In the hands of the peo
ple, and hence we demand that all
state and national revenues shall
be limited to the necessary expen
aes of the government economical
ly and bonestly administered.
We demand that the postal sa
vings bank be established by the
goverament for the safe deposit of
the earigsp of the people and to
faelitate exchange.
TRANSPORTATION.
Seeaod--.Trmnsportation being a
means of exehange and public ne
e' uety the government should own
and operate the railroads in -the
laterest of the people.
the telegraph d the telephone,
lke the pest obe system, . being a
sees-rlt. r" the transmission of
D ws, aol be owned and opera
ted by the government in the ina
terest of ts people.
LAUS.
ThlM-hie !hde , including all
tMe aesmas s at th is the heri
Sgss ea thes e e and should not
tbe ps brsl apeesalative par.
' ,av wslow p should
"And aud now
bhld n i rarsap amd other corpo
ta&ti a sezom of their sactunal
ae oah -madel lad. now owned by
psh dsild be: eselaimed' by the
ga teS for satesl prposes
l IF I
' ~ • -
I'PLUNK
DOWN A DOLLAR,
AND GET TIl:E
ARKANSAS NlCKL! '.
By W. S. Morgan & G. A. Puickctt,
Two-Hoss Eaitora.
Guaranteed to kick the stzuffing
ont of all the lioo hoioos,. hiuml:u<,
whoole'rs, cuckoos, cocknleys, cl t
qucers, dodlel-bugs. dcslpotl::, trium
Imers, traitor.- and trnmpe ers for
plitocratic anarchyy.
EIGIT PAGES OF HOT
ST'UFF EVERiY WEEI' .
Arkansas polit;( is a w1'ar.: ar
ticle. Lots of democrats in Arkan
saw yet-but the Kicker is after em.
There's gwine to be a grand staim
pebe this year, and if you dont
read the Kicker you won't see the
fun
FOUR ACES ANI) THE
JOKERI
Can't be beat, Neither can the
KICKER.
lMidldel of the ro id-head up and
heels n-flying.
Don't monkey with the
BUZZ SAW
It goes with the Kicker-both
for $1.00. The a,,ankiest road
team that ever stretched a tug.
W. S. Morgan, editor of the N;
R. P. A. plate and Ready Print
service, and the BUZZ-SAW, is
the "lead hoss" of the combination
with Geo. A. Puckett on tother
end of the double-tree.
The scope of the KIJKElt is
stlite, national, and international
educatiounal, newsy, humorous, iit
eraly, political and red-hot.
Address your letter to
BUZZ-SAW,
hartly, Ark.
The Silver IKninht and
The National
Watchman.
Senator William M. Stewart's
Great 'Weekly Newspa
per, Published at
Washington,
D.C.
Is now a seven-column eight-page
paper, published on a $17,500.00
Perfecting Press. It now has 83,
784 booa fide subscribers, and at
the present rate of increase will
reacn the 250,000 mark within the
next ninety days.
Every issue is LOADED to the
mussle with -Grape and Canister.
Every charge is aimed directly at
the Gold-gamblers, the Enemies of
American Liberty. NOW is the
time to subscribe. The Campaign
now on, and no one can afford to
be without- it. A Great National
Paper, puplished at the Nation's
Capitol, and giving all the Con
gressional News. Subscription
price, $1.00-a-year. We want a
good, live Agent im every commu
nity. For Terms to Agents, ad
dress
THE SILVER KNIGHTPUB. CO.
1420 N. Y. Ave. N. W., Washing
ton, D. C.
-THE
Cause] Cure
GERMAN AND ENGLISH.
This is a net thirty-two page
volmae, contaloinog tfulf report
ot Mlr. Cozey's hearing be- o
fer Ways iad Means
- Sb-Oommittee.
Positty the
- 3
Per the lehastmone iseed in
. the interest o@ the Befor
S. movemest. It fhlly explain
Show t on-.Iatmerest Bond
w r er ald Solve thejMon
I" l ·iev the country of dlel
iei P 'EeWork; Get osery Out;
BIep thm wtt Drain; Ben
Sall the i
on. .
The State NormalSchool,'
NATCliITOCI IES. ILA.
Maintrain:.d by the State for the trainingj of
Teachers. A f fords thorough prepara
tion for the profession of Teaching.
Full course of Academic study, practical training in the art of
Teaching, one yar of daily practice in model schools under
gui.l:nce of skilled tr:ain:nl teachers. Class work ex
empliih"s the best of modern thought in matter
and metho(l of instruction.
Diploma Eentiles Graduate to teach in any public school of
Louisiana without examination.
Tuition free to Sttudentts who tceach, one year
i Mterl Graduat¢iotn.
Entire Expcnsee for wNi~sion of eight rsonth., *I 10. i
Twelfth Annual Session begins OCT. 1, 1896.
FOR CATALOGUE WRIITE TO'I'¶- -
IB. C. C4LD IVELL, Presidcut.
OATARIRIIAL DIREASEQ, the bymptorms, as Deasrib
ed bi Leading, Scientific, Medical JDen. r
3 CATARRH OF THE HEAD CATARRH OF THE BRONCHIAL TUBES. a
Is the most prevalent form of Cstanb, When Catarrh of the Head and Throat Is (
. and results from neglected cold Lett Unchecked It Extends Down the
To the breath bad Windpipe Into the Bronchial Tubes t
Do you spit up slime and in Time Attacks the Lungs
Do you ache all over
Do you blow up scabs Have you a cough
Is yournoe stoppedup Are you losing flesh
Does your nose discharge. Do you oough at night
Does your nose bleed easily Do you take a cold easily
Is there tickling in the throat Is your appetite variable
Do crusts form In the nose Do you sough until you ag t
Is the nose sore and tender Are you low spirited at times
Do you sneeze a great deal Do you raise frothy material
Is this worse towards night Do you spit up yellow matter
Is there pain in front of head Do youou h on going to bed
Is there pain across the eyes Do you cough in the morning
is there pain in back of head Is your cough short aud hacking
Is your senre of smell leaving Do you spit up little cheesy lumps
"o you hawk to clear the throat Is there a tickling behind the pal
Is there a dropping in the throat ate
Ls the throat dry in the morning Do you feel you are prowing weaker
Are you losing your sense of taste Is there a burningpa in the throat
Do you sleep with your mouth open Do you cough night and mornings
Does your nose stop up towards Do you have to sit up at night to
night - ,breath
CATARRN OF THE KIDNEY
CATARRH OF THE EARS. Catarrh o the KIdneys Reaults Either
Catarrh Extends from the Throat Along from Colds or from Overwork of the
the Eustaching Tubes into the Ears Kidneys In Separating from the Blood
Causing Defective Hearing. , the Poisons that Have Been Absorbed
Is your hearing failing from Catarrh of Other Organs
Do your ears discharge Is the skin pale and dry
Are the ears dry and scaly Do the legs feel too heavy
Do the ears itch and burn Is the skin dry and hard
Have you pain behind the ears Is the hair dry and brittle
t Is there a throbbing in the ears Has the skin a waxy look
f Are you gradually getting deaf Are they cold and clammy
Is there a buzing sound heard Do the joints fain and ache
Do you have ringing in the ears I there nausea after eating
Are there erackling sounds heard Is there a pain in the small of the
Sis your hearing bad cloudy days back
e Do you constatly hear noises in the Is the ari dark and cloudy :
ear ` ' Are the eyes dull and estaring
Do you hear better some days than Do your hands and feet swell
s others Has the perspiration a bad odor
Do the noises in your ears keep you Have you a pain in top of head
I. awake Is there puffines under the eyes ~
When you blow you nose do the s there a desire to get up at night
ears crack ' es al deposit form when left stand
Is your hearing worse when yo u in o o
have a cold e you a chill feeling don the
CATARRH OF TN) LIVER. Do before the
The Liver Is Affeetedb- Catarrh h Through *7y'5 _
:theDieuse Extendiag romt - C atarr of the head, throat, bron
sbche into the Tubes of the IAr. chial tubs and ears are all directly
r yu "itale .... the rmult f gem or microbe life
Are you n.ritob livingminuteliee.-nd the same ean
ryou .ers be removed with the only gm killer
-Do -you get di ' : on wrth;tbe only grm killrthat L
Dvo you fol O  mle to human beip, Swamp
, o your memory Angel M.di e.
Ta yeur eyesight blurred ff
Have you a pafin thebick
CaUtycne li whiv."- - Pis"
o or catarrh of the Swmp Ansgel Lr Plfs 54 with
liver ea be•quily andd e gntl sesam an- d the .leo isu ti onll bio
cured bym ucng pint bo..of Swam pbI ,,5U..b.--.,-.v Ian.l box
SAsI MYedicin m saseetism w 10a m - --, --,- box ----, by mail.
Se.eat box of Swamp Angeld Pill. aramvnt ras, ..JW
5 Take no substitute, thae ca be no = to
wI s lte for 8wamp Angel Prepar nai pt swemp Angel M o1 00
I deeire yu by aying they a frauds d _ hIat fa0
;e ybecauly eea ane got themu i Id s o pte. w
i 8ee that he gets Swamp t 1gel p map . W C.
M... I _ ___ _. _._
-!r
il FOR SALE INTNATCHITOCHES3BY.
Mc. K. Holston.
tt)FT. IT
Fuall Text of thie o " ,Adtopte41
UtL Nt. Loul0 . i
The foll,ui ta is thl pl.atforim an.l r.
alutilis aliptei at St. l.ouii lv 1
the Pe,,ple, s I':rty ('Pt ,onventio, thn. J"
B. \W e':ier i,,n lr' .h'irman of th,. e:)11
Ilitltr' on11 '';(olutionl :
The l'eople'h party asmlblehd i'i na
tit Otl conventil,, rieat irns it= alltii
.nm' to the prie :pleh de,'l atrcd by the
founlder' of ilt'h republic, c:rl al-) to thl '
fuitlauentid prineiplie of ju-t gil-,,
nlent as eluctiated in the platforil of
t i1t partv in IL V. We r. ,t' iti,A th:at
through the connllivatcl'e of th,' pre,-ent
aIdI pII'evioutl aitlliuistrationli tihe' 'un, -
try has tre: tlched a cl'ri,i in its it iti',n:al
ife ptiedi-teI inl our di:ti r.ltiot hur "
years ago. al,1 paItriotit' atio ii t ilt' -ii
rm".oe duty of the hour. \Ve r,'alii'
that wlie we have political inmt'pt'ti l
c'n 'c ur in:nc.i:l l an: l in.hutri:l inho
)lulc'.d eu' is yet to bte attaiuned by r..
totring to oui etolntry the ion<[ttiitttnal
control anld exercise of the fultntitill,
Inelec-:iaryV to a peIt)op l ''i goiernmlent.
Wit:ellh fl,,te ,tions .1 0' ;'n'll h:,- ly sl i '
re:pt,-re,: b i ur p lin"t set Vanit- tr c(r
I' lIl:t lilno irlt s. te he A ,Illiti cIit'' of tllI
1{c pl.::,c ui montey chnel rs h::s ;b.en
m1,r:e potent in X41h::pinrt l''i ;iti', n than
the i of t vi he Anehri': a p Ie, ,
e nttil ,pl,,wer ".n'l ilntrn)l,:tag.' hba%, b,'n
usit't tqo e rtlr'pt o itu imn lte!' lw a ,
ileft at the will of thi people,. :anI
plutocvrac'n hal b teen entlhrolc ,d up tn thle t
ruins of l,-no irle. To', re-t ,re the
government i ontt-led by the fathers atni
orw the :.l ulare anl prlperity of this (
ain future geneitrations, wV' lt ,io utit t.
estalblishmenat of all ecolloicattl tita
cial system L which shall make a utn tr ,
of our own af.tairF: and ini ,l, 1.cntt of
Eu "l--an control, hy the a loption of
the hllowjing ,leclairttion of priut'ieiles:
;FINANCE a
1. We demand a national lolln -lV.
safe and sound, issue I hy the genieral
government only, without the interven
tion of anks of ankofissue, to he a full legal
tender for debts, public and private, andi
a just, equitable and efflicient means of t
distribution direct to the people ani r
through the lawful disbursements of the
governIonti,
2. We demand the free and unre
stricted coinage of silver and gold at
the present legal ratio of 16 to 1. with
out waiting for the conscut of foreigni
nations,
3. We demand the volunie of circu
lating medium be spedily increased to
an amount snlli'ient to, meei't thl, e te
mands of the business= population of
this country and to restore the just levl I
of prices of labor and prodluction.
4. We denounce the sale of bondls
and the increase of the publi- intere-t
b.aring bonided debt madte by the present h
administration, as unnecessary and with
out authority of law, and demand that
no more bonds be issued except by a
specific act of congress.
5. We demand such legal legislation
as will prevent the dentonetization of
the lawful money of the Uuited Stat'es
by private contract.
6. We demand that the government
in payment of its obligations shall use
its option as to the kind of lawful mon
ey in which they are to be paid. and we
denounce the present and preceeding
administrations for surrendering this
option to the holders of government ob
ligations
7. We demand the graduated income
tax, to the end that aggregated wealth I
shall bear its just prowortion of taxation.
ani we denounce the decision of the
supreme court, in relation to the inltm.le
tax law. as a misinterpretation of the
constitution and an invasion of the
rightful powers of congress over the
subject of taxatio 1.
8. We demand that, postal savings
banks be established by the government
for the safe deposit of the people and
to fucilitate exchange.
TRANSPORTATION.
1. Transportation being the nmeans of
exchange and a public necessity the gov
ernment should own and olperate the
railways in the interest of the lpsople
and on a nonpartisan basis, to the eura
that all may he accorded the same treat
ment in transportation, aint that the
tvranny and political power now exer
cised by the great railroad tsorporations.
which result in the impairnment. if iit
the destruction, of the ioliti':l rights
of the citizens, may t destroyedl. Su-ch
ownership is to be aceomplished gradu
ally in a manner consistent with sound
policy.
2. The interest of the Units-i States
in the public highways built with publdie
money and the prnomeects of extensive
grants of land to the 'acilic railways
sould never be alcinated, mortgagted
or sohl. but guarded and protected for
the welfare as provided by the laws or
ganizing such railways. The foreclm
ure of the existing liens of tiMe United
States on these rtoadls should at once fol
' low default in the payment of the debt
of the companies and at the foreelosure
sales of said ro:uls the government shall
purchase the same if it becomes necessa
ry to protect its interests therein or if
they can be purechased at a reasonable
price; and the government shall operate
said railways as public highways for
the benefit of the whole anmd not in the
interest of the few, under suitable pro
visions for the protection of life and
.property, giving to all transportation
interests and privileges equal rates for
fares and freight..
- 8. We denounee the present Infamous
schemes for refunding these debts and
demand that the laws now applicable
thereto be executed and administered
Iacording to their true intent and spirt.
4. The telegraph, like the post-ofiee
I system, being -a necessity for the trans
mission of news. shonld be owned and
operated by the government in the ing I
terest of the people.
- , - ~N
IJI'REFORMIi PrICE;iN OF IA)f0 1,
The (',nir 1,. \'W i ni1t, l,:i.
IlL W\. iLchy. Elie.
Ii'rol'es iv .\Y . ivtua :t, l I.
l uisiana l4 dlist, Natchiloh,",' "
1. I . I. l llln, Ili tor.
.\lliitnie larner, Iho;u er, I. .
\V.I' Flynt, EIlitor.
Laktcidh, Review, lIak.ide, I, t.
'. F. & N.. (i. Miler, Ed.it, r'
Pieople's li lmal.nd., 'ole i. l, .
1t . LE. lIu:( ' l: r.l .
rThe l'eophl' Fl'riet.l , len i, ;, I, L.
L. L. . lN iIn, . lit 4t.
I;. T..lo u' n o,: i1 ter.
Tle New ltloadl. Lae (ch !ow4 a. Lia.
llThe cllx Signal, 1oriai , I ;,.
A. I. Ilundly i, Editor.
Thlle P' eopl 4 's Call, Am it: I'i' i. la.
Elzry Dec'. . :it4,,
ila nlr of I itwerly, Minden, L:a.
1'eoplIe'.i ,ibli'ng 'o., Lun:' I
1'eolle's earty Tribune, \\WaIshlin:.
ton,, la. J. iII, Iumbhl , E ll i'r
Calcasieu ileforcner, Otelrlin, l ta.
G. 11. Poor, Etdiit.
(rla'i:(d 'athIe goernmt, ran(l Vitdlle.
\o l .us , o(ilr. th, IEditor.
LAN 1).
1. Tie, l t i'th lii p toil fe dlllll- t t t .c
titnal and ,tat. legis lation sha ll c , ýil
A- will ultimately enaoble ,every provi
hlent and indytrious citizen to 5.1'.n . a
home, and therefore the land shou.d not
lbe monopolized for speculative purposes.
All lands bbing held by railnwtys fant
other corporations in excess of their ac
tu:l need4, should byh lawful means be
reclaimed by the government and hrelr
for actual settler only, and privaten land
monopoly as well as alien owner hip
should he prohibited.
2. We condemn the frau ols biy which
the land grants to the Pacific railway
companies have through the connivance
of the interior department robed nmul
titudes of einal bona fide settlers of their
houn m and miners of tlheir claims, and
S . W d'emn. legislation by conr . whicf
lands t r.m Viwch I ,idca:t an Ui ater eltatts
enatore a tent.
3. We tnd'er to thate Mia tide settoprl
t on all publie Tandls I granty fin :e
t ilhmes, as l ro:dncne i in thve natimenal
honest, :td law, and that no exemption
I)rai mcde ill the ia<e f tnlad retaterva
tions wttpln opnedl for settlement anoul
that all lands not now i atened come un
Cdr this e, e f nd.
f DIRECT LEGISLATION
SWe favor a system of dir the trrgisla
tion through the initiative ano i releren
Sdurly under proper constitutional safe
g t ENERAL PROPOSITIONS
1. We demand the election of presi
(lent, vice president and United States
senators by a direct vote of the people.
2. We tender to the patriotic people
e of Cuba our deepost sympathy in the
l heric struggle for pos itical frtido anll
i.delpndenee, and we, believe the time
Sin as come w to the United States, the
greatest republic of the world, should
arecognize that Cuba ts, and has a right
to be. a free and independent state.
7 3. We favor honit rule in ton e terri
tories and the dvi trit of Columbtia an
Searly almissiont of the territories as
t states.
I4. I All public saltries should ei melo
to corresi. i l with the price of labor ansrl
its products.
5. In times of great industrial de
f pn.ssin, idle labor should be emplov,.l "
- on will sc works as far as. practialelot
Sm. Tlhe arhitrary course of the curt4
din asumingti toe mprison citizens for in
Sdirect conotit emt shoupli t n pirven whi by
r- po r tan,gislation.
7. We favor just pensions for out`
s- whihl it orgiztion will sina.
Set. lWe ievingi7 that the eati nd prsn
hI- i isse a bl tho pnrwind bcallpt ar, .Ip
,nti which ti a gopV'nc'nt proitl. for ntl tyc
the peoplll tur, Pis the ns parcil, qouitilum.
i ldic upon athe gnreat a. and wptic issue ito
-clare ittw to n the partisduty of tliey inviteral
will the aid ca Coll. free an o fair balota
I9. While the foregiint g proposit ions
e onstiute this vitl fo , m which our.
Shparty stands, dind for the vindication ofPrty
id enot, wpe recogniz that the great andt pro
sing issue of the peling covrampaign, up-l
and upon theagureat and speilvoc issuate l
Stweenyha the parties we ordially invto do it,
c why did they not do cratif the arty
so much in favor of them 1
ce That they did ntt do so shows
a-lthat th,.y wrre tot siniCere'I, Uot hon
M; est in bhat they preacb.-NoitLa
Texas Reforaier.