LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS.
VOL. 11. NATCHITOCHES, LOUISIANA, FRIDAY, JUNE 24;, 1896. NO 43.
em a m n n ina nI i • ii am ms0 I . . . i mmai nm no • nan nni , n ui nn , .-. --- ...
AVING AT THE CUNO AND WASTING AT THE SPIGOT."
~TCess ad
O0tC lost, lreat
PR J1 LOST, 5TRAYED
T CONTEfNTSOF
7%&S SAFEL
_ ý ]-. / +^ J ý Two uR P4~3U
S RESERVE "
DMETALLISM
v ' eý oc
0O
TJncle Sam (soliloquisiy)-"I'm going to fix this hole so those foreigners can't plunder my barrel."
J. Bull (aside)-"Except at ism end!"(Left chuckling.)
Itterest is sponge-like, it absorbs
everything.
Bonds mean bondage, or slavery,
pure and simple.
Bluster and nalse are the old partty
leaders' strongest fort.
Polltletass should be consistent.
but who eovr saw one?
A Republican is a man nine times in
ten that is hunting for pie.
The tax-ter coutinues to eat, and
they are all candidates again.
The goldbs want gold-bank notes
and silver a change money only.
The seldshnes of man is disheartea
ing, disouraging and diagustirfg.
Iksuer, unappeased hunger, breeds
bed thoughts, leads to revolution.
The people this fall should insist on
the polticians giving us a "pause."
Arsead the faet that LAW MAKES
MONWY dcasters all other reforms.
Tin born, whisky and brass bands
are not neeemary to inspire patriotism.
If yon wars redor, get out of the
"y party. There is asolutely no hope
thea
Cartisle'. prsidential boom as
shrunk to wmsderfa' email propor
Wth a eoimeo sense Ilmacial sys
tam this governmet does not aeml na
enen.
D't play the "yaler doer" set tM
aR by ogtting uade as old party banad
Do not msi your religion wth yow
gasiti-"here is no aldnity between
the two
Ablish momesly In mosey and the
whoal meapeoly hahily Is serlosab
A m all legal tender aad
We h Maptse value is whbt the peo
p's nse _
Meislay is gntag ready to straddh
-4-a esma a trisL rider as the sIn
Oran m- n e saea all the ots
- I T 'Dl s? Tk sae rsay w
Is s Or e oas ,t a
Gilt IIns , i.ht easinese as right b
~il csis s es . ios -he
Sd-m. isa. . ieets ei -
·''" ~ sh-i~
O~dlrn bqmw.
,_.".
·liSWV bs·' T~·~
rd ~~
The devil has done more through the I
old party leaders to destroy the people
than in any other way.
There Is but one way to elect a
ticket, and that is for every Populist to
vote it, whether or no.
Permit us to again suggest the im
portance of having a c1rb organisation
at every voting box. The Democrats
n have but one chance now, and that is
to count us out, and they will do it if
they can.
The bomb throwers of Spain and
* the elngle gold standard bond-issuing
advroates of this country are alike
pubMc enemies, the only difference be
a- ing in their methods. Both end in
destruction.
Ia It was the devil that started the lie
that God made money, or that gold is
,n God's money, and Seth Shepard had no
better sense than to reiterate the falie
hood. But it secured a federal judge
3 ship for Seth.
Permit aus to again suggest the Im
portance of having a club organisa
tion at every voting box. The Demo
re crts have but one chance now, and
Sthat is to count as out, and they will
do it if they can.
s It was never deolded who it was that
r- etrank Billy Patterson, but public
oplna hit Gov. Culberson hard on
June 6. and there is weeping and wall
tag and the gnashing of teci at Aus
tin, among the official faily.
We believe it was Leande who said
that of "all animals we know least of
what is good for us. It would seem,
looking at our political stater, that
ir Leander was eminently correct. Mea
in speak llIly of the lower animals
having leders, when man is lead more
Scompletely sand is more submissive
Sthea any anmeal on earth. Oh, that
we could se our own errors.
ad And now some fellow has sugestad
0- th 1e ia f OG~YIAI.JLM; that is, a
meallic money composed of both gold
li nd liver, wfth the additlonal idea
a- thet iea money is to be a full legal
teader-the unit-the stadard. Next!
s It i. well or Poib. to waes
4F these leders in the pasty who eoatia
saly .wra the pmeos ap dema
i. uses aud bhoms. Hstory olin re
S l Have ch leaders an ax
! ' sPi 9rhellow itp,
a -
is How is that e veote la the Dem
eegale pruriem, Juae 6, wi th. pria
a dlp i nvolved, ed a abou mt ae
Sthl W beeavyes it was e the pri
-awle tr. e@m eaes were hld,
wm n eay Vte wg the  sart But
ie! ir Dem.se .
SThept ap TTe mse , the Dalnl
me1sa- -r - ver p, mS oa.
sest, somety end citr tomxi sa PS,
a SPAS to th a is sabea This -rd
.a " or $11M0 fSawM is sa. In
le ·- w.UvpaId ASASW et s
ark eft yis, p esýiPt .
be! The great central and essential
de truths upon which to build a people's
government are: 1. Law makes
money,andall mroney seould be a full
a legal tender. 2. That the land should
to not be held except for actual use.
3. That all public utilities and con
s- veniences should be operated at actual
on cost. 4. That no obligation be col
lectable by law.
is In the sixteenth century in Germany
if a sect called Aleecedarians split of
from the annabaptists. They were op
posed to learning, taking the position
ad that all the knowledge that was essen
ng ttal for man's welfare could be ac
ke quired by direct communication with
e- the Holy Spirit. There are seemingly
in thousands of Democrats at republi
cans who are in a greater or lees de
gree Abecedarians in polities. They
lirefuse all learning except what their
is leaders teach. They are completely
no priest-ridden.
In the sixteenth cao.tnry ia Ger
many a sect called Abecedarians split
off from the Annabap~ets. They were
opposed to learning, taking the position
that all the knowledge that was essen
tial to man's welfare could be acquired
ad by direct communication with the Holy
Spirit. There are seemingly thousands
of Democrats and Republicaas who are
in a greater or less degree Ahbcedari
ars in polities. They refuse all learn
ing except what their leadens teach.
They are completely priest-ridden.
SMr. Taubeneck says, and truly, too,
that "Populist editors and Populists
in general must realise thit we can not
control the columns of the old pazrt
rid press. We have no way to preeint
of than from publishing fake state
, m'eats," and might havb very properly
at added that there is ao say to "control
[ea the columns" of some beatam weight
als editors who claim to be talists, and
are who are dplng all they can to create
strife in the party, by ighting party
lve ocials and thus giving the opposition
at a club to operate with. But judgment
will coe to all.
We believe it was Leander who said
a that "of all animals, we know least
what is good for us." It would see,
lea looking at our politieal status, that
Leander was eminently oorrt. Men
speak lightly of the lower slmmals
be having leaders, when man is led more
in- completely, and is more submissmive,
a- than any animal on earth. Oh, that
re- we could see our own errors.
ax
Old John Sherman, who went to
congres twemty-ve years ad a poor
U- mea and has masaged siane that time
in- o a salary et $000 a yar to benome a
me multmnililoeasre, wblle addraming the
si- seaste on the Beuter bill to prer c the
i, Ia ofat ay maore bonds withot the
out come of ongrem, said: 'This bill,
if enetled as 1 w, wril munmt to re
y" pudaltion, and before I w comasat to
o have the credit of the goveramet h
I.- paired I will tear the shrts sf the
ad Make of the people." Jst as. A
Stit has sno siGp y, and a etlietal
a, prosltt s esee-s-leass ihes 4ev
Smland, he hes served ire mmea po
wat ea 0estb
W ATSON'S BLAST.
FREE SILVER HYPOCRISY AND
POLITICAL SHAM FIGHTS.
The Free-Silverlrm of the Two Old Par
ties a Pitfall and Coafdesee Game to
Catch the Reel Sbpporters of Free
Silver.
People's Party Paper: Time and I
again we have warned out readers that
the tremendous noise the free-silver
politicians of both the old parties are
making is intended mainly to lull the
fool people into a state of false se
curity.
"Give us another chance: we are
goirg to do right next time:" -that's
the oily plea of the political scoundrels
who went to Congress in 1892 pledged
to free-silver, hnd who put the finish
ing touch to the John Sherman policy
of Contraction by closing the mints to
silver.
"Just try us once more," says the At
lanta Constitution, "we are going to be
honest this time."
Are you indeed? You fooled us with
that pretense in 1892; you fed us on the
same deception In 1894: and you mean
to delude us again.
You will do anything in God's world,
except quit the pie-counters of the
Democratic party. You howled for free
silver in 1892, and then supported the
gold-bugs. You denounced the enemies
to free-silver in 1894, and then put your
neck to the yoke and helped to pull
them into omce.
And what you did then, you will do
again.
So with the balance of these Demo
cratic free-silverites. They threaten
to bolt in order to compel the party
to pay them a high price not to bolt.
And they never bolt. There's that
blatant person, Tillman of South Caro
lina. He has been cursing the Demo
cratic party for six years. Keeps the
reformers of South Carolina waiting,
hoping and believing that this time
Tillman is going to bolt. The state
of South Carolina is ripe for revolt;
til has been so for four years; but the re
le's form element does not break away from
kes the Democratic party simply because
full Ben Tillman does not give the word.
old He is always just on the edge, but he
Snever leaps.
In 1889 and 1890, Tillman was the
Moses of the South Carolina farmers;
and was leading them out of the wilder
ness of Democratic mis-rule. He or
ganised a country ring as against the
any city ring, lot the offices for his own
of combination, selected the best one for
op- himself,-and there you are! Moses
lIon landed in high style in the Canaan
lea- of milk and honey, but so far as I can
ac- see the children of Israel generally,
rith (the rag-tag and bob tail)-are pretty
igly much in the same fix they were before
lI- Benjamin appeared.
de- The free-silverism of the two old
hey parties means worse than nothing. It
heir is a pit-fall, a snare, a confidence game.
tely With one accord they howl wrathfully
against the gold standard candidates,
)e but with one accord they say, "If my
party nominates the gold standard can
didate, I'll support him." ,
ion What have we to expect from men
who have no test of truth and right
save the caucus dictation of political
redbosses?
1oly Not only do we find all the Demo
ends cratic free-silverites saying that they
are will support gold standard candidates
if nominated, but we find free-silver
ach. ites aiding the money power in put
ting gold-bugs into office. Last week
we showed how the free silverites of
Alabama had surrendered control of
list the campaign machinery to the gold
s bug Democrats.
Does that look like they really care
re tfor free-silver? Doesn't it seem as
ate- though the tree-silver issue ia merely
erly the platform to get in on: merely the
trl sham-fight to keep the people fooled?
Ight But there is another piece of evidence
and to the same effect. It is furnished by
eate that shifter political trimmer, Charles
ar. y Crp.
S This interesting man recently went
around over Georgia, with a palmetto
fan in his hand, pretending to debate
with Hoke Smith in favor of free-asil
ver. 8aid a good deal against Hoke,
but mightly little In favor of free-sil
ver. Caught a sore throat and a heart
tfailure, and meandered beatk to Wash
Men agto, on his tree pass, to rest and to
Srefect.
ore While on his way beck from this free
le, dliver touear, he took occasion to send
that into the district of General Catchinga
at Mississippl, the full force of his
reeommendatles of said Catchlnpgs,
who is an ardent gold-bug. The free
silverites of Mississippl are afterCatchi
lagis' scalp, and a tree-silver Democrat
is makinag the fght on him: yet Mr.
O . Crrp goes out of his way to expremss
the the hope that the treo dlver Democrat
the will be deteated.
the Ia another place will be feaund a futall
bl esenut of the letters which have been
re- lwrlttn opo this subject.
Itto hr. Crlip's attitude toward GOneral
-- Catchting. simply proves what we have
the id all alemr.-tlhat, at heart he ree
A usthlng fer fre-silver.
-al If be really believed what he has
kO bees sayn in hris recent speches, he
-i suM set hemabr 'Eaprort a gsld-beg
ge- g Awr aDsqek#Y w oS
the contest between them is for the'
Democratic nomination.
But while we have no confidence in
Mr. Crisp politically, and regard him as
as a man devoid of political principles, VF
we do not claim that he is the ch!ef
of the old party sinners on this silver
question. They are all alike,-theso it
old-party politicians. They care noth- *
ing for sliver itself. It's merely "stock
i* n-trade" to them. They use it as they h
would use any other popular sentiment. P
They mount this wagon as they would c4
d mount any other that seemed likely to
t carry them into office.
r After all our experience with these
e hypocrites, who can be so silly as to
e heed their pledges again?
Are we forever to go on reposing the
same foolish confidence in men and h
,e newspapers that deceive us in each
Scampaign?
Is Can the free-silver Democrats squall o
d any louder now than they did in 1S92?
Didn't they swear that they'd quit the
party if the Democrats didn't give the .
people open mints? a
And when the Democrats gave us n
closed mints, and out-Shermaned John
Sherman in the policy of contraction,
e didn't the last one of these free-silver h
Democrats say "Oh, well, Cleveland b
h knows more about it than I do"? II
e Didn't the Atlanta Constitution t
n threaten to kick out, if they didn't coin 1
the seigniorage?
1, Didn't It swear they would hurt g
to somebody, itf the Sherman Law were h
t- unconditionally repealed? t
be Didn't it pledge itself to tear the a
'a roof off, if Cleveland issued bonds?
Didn't it hold Turner and Voorheas t
and Black and Lawson up to public i
scorn and hatred, calling them "cucik- C
oos," and pouring out the jugs and h
demi-johns of editorial wrath upon ,
them?
And didn't the same Atlanta Consti
t. tution rack right up and support all ,
at these "cuckoos" for office again?
.. And didn't it give in its campaign 1
. allegiance to the Democratic patriots c
we who had refused to coin the seignior
g, age, refused to coin any more silver,
te and who had sanctioned the bond is
te suing, gold-payment policy of Grover
t; Cleveland?
e- Yet, listen at its howls,-this same
m Atlanta Constitution. It raves for
se free-silver as if it had never helped
d. to drive nails into the coffin thereof.
ie It moans over the dead body of bimetal
lism as if it had never stuck a knife to
10 its vitals.
a; Out upon such hypocrisy!
r- Every speech and every editorial of
r- the old party leaders in favor of free
to silver simply means this: "Don't quit
rn us, don't go to the Populists."
Wr That's all. There isn't a Republl
es can leader living who believes for one
t moment that the Republican party will
Ln ever take the back track on the policy
of contraction. No intelligent Demo
crat believes that his party will ever
re re-enact a free-coinage law. The gist
Id of the whole matter is that political
necessity requires that they should
raise a clamor for silver to keep the
e oters in heart.
ly A sham fight must be had to keep the
M, plain people from starting a real battle
iy for the policy of their fathers.
° To reach any other conclusion than
this, you have got to forget the record
of the last four years-a record black
as hell with confidence betrayed and
trust violated, with vows falsified and
treacheries perpetrated, with campaign
0
villainies and legislative crimes.
T. E. W.
es
ýr
- Railways I Pollties.
ik A dispatch from WaShington, D. C.,
of says:
of "It is asserted that the books of the
d- Baltimore & Ohio show that the sum
of $8,500,000 has been taken from the
re treasury of the company and spent for
a. political purposes, and it is proposed
ly to find out who got this money. To do
be this it is stated that it will be neces
sary to investigate the matter of the
e construction of the Philadelphia di,.
by slon of the road, the cost of which has
e never been made known to the general
stockholders, but which has been var
at ouely estimated from $12,000,000 to $20,
@ 00,000, and it Is predicted that when
4 the report of the manner in which the
i,, Baltimore & Ohio obtained an en
to, trance into Philadelphia is made
jt- known some very prominent politicians I
rt of that city will have reason to wish
h- that those who are now directing the
to affairs of the Baltimore & Ohio had
never reached that position."
ee This is interesting. The main argo
ad ment against government ownership of
g railroads is the danger of the railroad
is power being used in politics. Yet here
- is one railroad under private owner
ee ship spending millions for political pur
s posee-and there are others. Oh, no,
at the railroads have no influence in poll
[r. ties under the present system.
atew Tlat Emrs Work.
Wage slaves hunt for work-chattel
all slaves never had to. When a wage
S slave gets out of a Job, he is liable to
starve to death-when that happened
rI to a chattel slate, he feasted.
ye Chattel slaves never showed up
at soup houses nor in poor houses
-with wage slaves it is diferent. Wage
s slaves delude theNselves with the no
he tion that they are free-ehattel slaves
never made t .tc rLWahq.-Rawpa
K-'..ttrbrr. gas,
he LOUISIANa. olEWS NOTES.
A fire did $500 damage to Sts. Peter
ari and Paul's ohurch, New Orleans. r'?
s, co· tly.
et Senator Sholars has introduced a bill
er
so in the le~gislature calling for a high
h- liense on the sale of liiqurs.
k-' Charles Brooks negro. fell from a
ey horse at the corner of F'ulton ana
at. Poydras streets, New Orlcan., and £e
lid ceived a fracture of the left log.
to Detectives DeRance and S:tubbs are
en route from Washington. D. ('., itlh
se J. J. Cunningham, who is wanted for
to forgery in New Orleans.
he A number of gentlemen charged with
ad having violated ordinance No. 6396 by
ch selling or offering for sale adulterated
milk were tried before Judge Finnegan
all of New Orleans.
"f Soume nights ago some unknown per
kt -onn fired four shots at the corner of
A Ann and Lowerline streets. Carrollton,
i and startled the neighborhood. The
us miscreant made his escape.
h The body of a young man namr
Paaul Ridenhuber, aged 18 years. who
)er
nd had been missing for rome time. was
found floating In Old Basin, at the in
on tersection of Rendon street, New Or
tin: leans.
MitrIe Corca, a 11-year-old Italian
rt girl of New Orleans has deserted home
are hbeause of being scolded for allowing
the till of their fruit stand to be robb'd
he of some brass checks.
Oarpt. E. R. Foster of the Fourth hat.
ea talion, while walking through the ar
lic mory at No. 629 Common street. New
:;- Orleans, fell over a chair and shoved
nd his hand through a pane of glass and
,n was painfully cut.
James Matson, a negro, aged 75
,tli yetrs. died without medical attention
all at his home on Pandelly canal, at the
intersection of Hancock street. New Or
gn leans. The coroner gave a certificae
ots of death from natural causes.
or- A brass watch whioh was stolen by
er, Ed Coleman, a negro, now in jail, from
s- John Hahn, of No. 919 Poydras street,
ver has been recovered by Patrolmen Pol
look and Nash from Jake Itskovatch, a
me sr-ond-hand dealer on Rampart street,
r New Orleans.
Edward Levi, the private watebl'nan
al- wtse was arrested in connection with
to the row which took place at Bcoker's
saloon, at the corner of Josephine and
Liberty streets, New Orleans, some
of time ago, is now under bonds on two
ee- charges of assault wit'h a dangerous
ult wce pon with intent to kill and one of
carrying a concealed weapon.
11- The police and public buildings comn
ne mittee has recommended the following
vill amendment to the bicycle ordi
Icy nance of New Orleans: "That all re
no- porters, letter carriers, epecial delivery
ver men and police be allowed to use side
ilat walks with their wheels between mid
cal night and 4 a. an., where streets are
uld not in good condition, provided that
the they slow down at street crossings."
the Jake Zinsel, a barber of Monroe, at
ttle tempted to end his existence recently
by shooting himself with a pistol,
Ian while on the north-bound Iron Moun
ord tatn passenger train. A few days ago
a-ck Mr. Zinsel went over to Shreveport and
Lnd from there made a visit to New Or
Ind leans, and was on his return home at
iga the time he committed the rash act.
No cause can be ass:gned except tem
t, porary trberation, the recent death of
his wife having discomfited him to no
-mall extent.
C., Ex-Policeman Mrike Ooyle is applying
for reinstatement on the police force of
the New Orleans, and has submitted an ap
um plicatlon containing indorsemests by
the many infduential c:tisans for the con
for sideration of the police board. Coyle
sed was dimiassed over two years ago for
do having eng~aged ia a difficultry with an
es- otier policeman. At present he is a
th private watchman in the vicinity of
v the Dryades market, and has performed
a efficient service, and has also rendered
ral the police vailable assistance.
The oharbon plague is spreading
en =.mong the stoak lIn the parslehes of
the Ouachlta, Richland, Madison and Ten
en- ass. with disastrous results, as fully 90
ade per cent of the snmals attacked by the
ans dsease die in spite of careful treatment.
lih The demand for the Pasteur lymph,
the which is said to be a preventatirve of
had the disease, is much greater than the
supply. MLany hundreds of mules have
U- dled-recently, and it is feared that un
of less the ravages of the plague is soon
cad etecked there will not be enough stock
ter let in the stricken paridhes to finish
her- the crops now in such fine condition.
, Henry Danos, a barber,residing at the
o corner of St. Andrew and Camp streets,
New Orleans, made tnsane by drink,
got Into a row at the eorner of Blen
ville and Olaiborns streets with Sam
ttel Levy and Ed Heris. T'he police were
age summoned and Danos ran along the
to street, armed with a knife and a pair
ned of scissors. He created excitement all
ted. along his road to the corner of Poydras
up sad FLrankin streets, where he was
ses ~ tured by Patrolman Cohea. Danos
age was made a prisoner in the first pre
no0 elet station, and aon after he at
,ve tempted to commit esuicide with the aid
at two handkerchlets. He was cut deos
in an unconsckus eondtion.