A monument to Btephen Gtard b tov
%e erected in Philadelphia. It is only
sixt, years since the college founder
died, and Philadelphia is to be con
gratulated for her unusual promptitude
in beginning to think of a monument.
aNjo3tag IL 0
An4 the soul of the wicked one was
next condemned to fall through specs
at the rate of a mile a minute for 100,
000 years.
"Say!" he shouted, as be passed ttU
10,000th ghostly milepost, "tjla beats
any coasting I ever tried."--d
ols Journal.
That Joyful Feeling
With the exhilarating sense of renewed health
and strength and internal cleanlhess. which
follows the use of Syrup of Figs, is uskuewa
to the few who have not progressed beyond
the old-time medicines and the cheap substi
tutes sometimes offered but never aooepted by
the well-informed.
Street-car drivers In Spain receive $3 per
week; in New South Wales they receive $12,
Waim hilious or costive, at Ca
candy thr care garsnateesý m
Deafless Ceases he Cured
by local application+, as theyeannot reach the
diseased portion of the ear. There is only one
way to cure Deafness, ard that is by constitu
Sonal remedies. Deaf ne-s is caused by an in
'ramed condition of the mucous lining of the
.:ustacbian Tube. When this tube gets in.
Famed you have a rum'ling sound or imps
',-ct hearing, and when it is entirely closed 1
D)eafness is th re-ultt, and unless the Inflam
nartion can ta ken out and this tube re
-tored to its normal condition, hearing will be
,iestroyel forever; nine cases out ten are
'Rased by catarrh, which is nothing but an In
lanmed condition of the muoous surfaces.
We will tgive One Rundred Doilare for ear
ease of Deafness (cauued by catarrh) that can
:ot beured by Hall's Catarrh Cure. Send for I
circulare, free,
F. J. Cmn rr & CO,To1do%. i
Sold by Druggists, Co., To o O. 1
Hall's Family Pills are the best. t
A REMARKABLE MAN. c
Dr. O. T. Dozier, of Birmingham,
Ala., whose card appears in another I
column of this paper, has, by his I
imatchless success and wonderful skill I
in the treatment of chronic, nervous. I
blood, skin and private dilseases, madie z
for himself a name and fanme unexecill
ed by any specialist of his day and I
generation. Read his card and write r
to. him if you are not well.
Are You Satisfied With What You Know,
Or wod y gdly improve your stock of t
tnowledige!You may not have l0OorrOsD0
can spare for a 1)-vao!ume encyctoudia.bu
yo can afford to pay fitty rents for a Hand c
slookof teneral Information. You won't want
to pay even th.e unle-s you are desirous of
uproving your mind and believe that a five
undred-pag book, filled with a condeosed
maus of vna.uble knowledge, will be read by 1
son. I'is valuable Encyclopedia will be sent
postpaid for flifty cents in stamps by tire Book
'bil- hing Hlouse, 13 Leonard $t., N. YY. it. 1
Every person who bas not a large ency clopsdja t
shouid take advantage of this great offer at
once and store his mind with the valuable li
facts collated in this boo'.
Den't Tobaeee Spit and Smeke Tear .fbe
Away. is
If you tato no it tobacco using easily and ga
f.ir, nein mannood, be londe wefll,
Kts .sunet fi c of new lifeoad vie r,
ttd 80oPBac* the wonder-oiyr that
snakes Weak saa strong. oany gain ten
pounds n tea days. Over a oared. B  01
No-To-lYa from i our own drtlsi. Under w
absoltesn istocurs 1ook and sample
N Y terling emedy Co..Obieape s
li e ass how"el regulator ever asa, 01
A silk spinner in Aleppo, by working from t
arise to sunset, can tarn seventy-five
s:eats day. m
ca
Doff Flroetn,'-borsx Soap the onlyr
sie soap that cnLtasis Borax. Por toaiet or
laundry as t is ceoispsrble. A perfec soap
si wee. Ty it ce. You'n use it always. Order p
of ylar  eesa. ed wrapper. t
Uiql Maitter is sent rom Tras to Berlin in
s -gve minautes by pneumaeio tube. ivO
D ie s sah ipersmaa tlyenrd.s, No
xatig n es oe DDa.rs. ms'moanA, 90
ý trl botilandL treat- ic
. e . eaett.. Philat, Pe.
U iae ow's Seothing aCys forelifdrea
sre xe thnle simtsearuces lags.. ar
ti,' pain, curse windooll, S. a bottle. be
" I m reea l Pieo' Cure for Cosaunmp.
i:t.tsrrsfmo U__e,r- n D. TOWN-pi
-- ---- an
Takea
e nes tie
w~rrl~~Lw~~llhi
SS,.p.V'lhrIra r
*1""e
h to ' NOTES AND COMMENTS
only -
ader Captain Peabody. of the big Portland
con- packet Tam o' Shanter. brings to port
tude the latest tale of the sea serpent,
it. which was sighte.l off Borneo, and, ao
cording to the estimate of that officer,
was about 190 feet long. It appeared
was in the midst of a field of snakes cov
pace ering an extent of about fifty miles,
100, through which the packet made its
way like tie ship of the ancient mnari
the ner amid the serpents of the silent.
eats mysterious sea of which the poet's de
map scription is not more lurid than that
which Cmaptain Peabodly applies to the
wates off Borneo. The rest of tihe
snakes were of varying magnitude.
11th but none of them came near the di
lah mensions of the greater one, which
as outran all precedent, making the larg
and est of those described by Bishop Pont
*U- ophiddian seem small in comparison.
Sby Its dlameter in the middle was about
ten feet. tapering off toward both ends,
the head being of the size of a New
Orleans molasses hugshead and the
tail flattened into an instrument of pro
ret. pulsion, giving it any rate of speed
which occasion required. It was cov
ered with large thick scales, and its
the color above the water line was a mix
one ture of yellow and green, blending un
in- derneath in a tint resembling that of a
the Long Island squash. It happened
,. along just in time to witness a conflict
mwed between a gigantic shark and an
r eq- ally colossal alligator, which it
I h'tought to a conclusion by seizing the
Sin- former and biting it entirely in two,
swallawing the section which
an. contains the vanquished alligator
for and closing a competitive dietary
D, incident which would have at
tracted attention anywhere. No such
thrilling tale of this marvellous ophi
dian has been rehearsed within mem
ory, and the original Tam o' Shanter,
Im, whose name the discovering vessel
her bears, could not in his most rapt vis
his lonary mood have seen a bigger or
kill more voracious one. Explorers of ser
us. pent lore ought to take ship for Bor
ide neo without delay if they think that
,ll- the captain has been telling a straight t
nd story. It is an exciting one, at any
Ite rate, and the habitual ocean snake
which appears in our waters is a mere' t
worm in comparison.
w, Perhaps the most interesting ques
of tion to be solved by the discovery of :.
° fntit north pole is the question whether
ad or not any human beings are to be b
fonnd in Its vicinity. It is not wholly
improbable. The town of Werkojausk. t
by in Siberia, is situated in north latitude o
t G68 degrees. Whether or'not human
life will be found at the pole, it is cer- t]
at tain that the unexplored pole region is
Die Inhabited by various animals. The'
rosy gull, two species of sandpiper, as t
well as at least one variety of ducks, e
is known to breed there. There is
in good reason to believe that Ash abound i
in the open Polar Sea, and the probe- n
at blity of a flora as extensive as that rr
ry of Spitzbergen, mosses and lichens, e
with perhaps a few flowering plants, P:
, such as the yello.v Arctic poppy. el
There are no parties in China. The p1
oe throne and its occupant, whether man m
or woman, are surgeme. All are be
m low, and tremble at its power. A man l:
may be a conservative, but there is no
conlerrntlve party. He may be a lib
' eral or progressive, but there is no
r liberal party. There are no newspa- I
hr pers for the masses. The Peking Ga
zette, which Is the oldest journal in cs
the world, is an oflcial publication, !f
which contains nothing but such me- h(
morials, rescripts and edicts as the l"
he government chooses to make public to p'
t- the official classes and literatl, and as
hence it is almost Impossible to estab. nt
lIsh a liberal propaganda, New ideas as
-. are looked upon askance and travel fa
but slowly. An offcial of progressive co
n. views s ure to be regarded with s_1
Spiclon, however powerful he may be, hi<
and the higher the place he holds the se
a more certain It is that some one who ru
or would like to supersede him will keep tel
Sconstantly on his track in hopes of po
Scatething him tripping. In
n lanterestintg scientific experiment I
was made recently in Paris with the an
I ald of a balloon whleh was sent up
from Villette at half past ten. The rej
. ]object of the eperiment, says the a,
Westmi~tar (Iette, was to collect a
quantity of the atmosphere at a very toi
great altitude for purposes of analy- Ne
l e. Tie balloon was, therefore, sent w'
ap alom with the emsary istrua- sh
ments attacbhedto It. These consisted bo
Si a s mtaly new kind of reservotr, fog
, apab. holdlg si litres of ir. did
•'o this was attached a qiral arraege - of
I mat termlstlugia a tap heramtlally "'
Ssealed, but armaUged with a clck- gol
, work apparatus that It would open
j ust one bour after the merest and on
Sdas seagain one minute latm. A good I
Sdeal of lingety   s been displayed st
i this lnveutlon. In order to preserve 2,
the nrervoir from the itense cold of 7,f
the aupper reglo, It was aurronded feo
by a bath of da water, which was to
xpeted to kep the apparntus at an ru
*ev tememtume. In addition the bal- 2
loo alo camrried two barothermao- me
pape or m ng4ihttl purpose at the
high altitudes. Atth·ed to the bral- lha
le arb e mutrmte s a these who mar Spi
iad i, so tha lt.may ie caretuyr t._
Wead up ad tfrweaded to Paris rid
"tnthwfit
In parts of Michgma, a weB as
I PInalyanl, there i a singla he- A
ir i wlthcratt. Thi is stea Eni
inegh an ae Ousrel, Ieh., to dOie o
dayg, time Wlis began I. te usei- isv
nth Yawbilirne of a r
h, duam nith de te
vel * a as sea ae
which the pillow was cut had, of
course, inflicted the iajury on the wo
and man's head. Here the parallel ends.
ort The suspected witch was nqt burned,
at, t, ,ut. with her husland and her child,
as was driven out of the village. The
cer, siren wing clhihlren are now quiet and
red the eciteent has subsidhled, but there
ov- is 10o welcomu in the villalge for the
les, banished family.
its The fundamental Ilothton of all de
iri- prsscion, except that due to the state of
,lit. til' weather. is what might be .on
de- siilered an unwilling willingness on the
hat part of business men in general to as
the suite that the times are bad, and to
the continue to talk bad tilnes, says Hard
de,. ', atre. The tfirst man tells the second
di- nwan that lintes are toad, an4 the second
ich wain. although enjoying good business,
rg- is given the incentive to watch for bad
nt- business, and that which a man ex
on. Ihects he frstluently receives, or 'm
out aglues he does, which commercially Is
ds, the same thing. The second man, who
ew was not thinking of bad times, begins
the to stimulate bad times, because some
ro- one told :im to, and the bad he has
ted received he hands to the next, and
ov- down the line it goes, a breathing,
its speaking epidemic, destroying the suf
ix- ferer, and carrying the disease to his
an- neighbor.
ia Iowa has a pate, .1 Board of
Il Health, whi.-b adr ., the people as to
ict tieir diet :at 1 . : hing. In a bulletin
an about-to be issued, it tells them to don
warmer ilannels and heavier outer
garments now, as the weather in Sep
o, tember and October, with its warm
.oh unon-days and its cool mornings and
evenings, is particularly trying and is
iprloductive of severe colds, rheume
ht- tis. pneumonia and bowel com
plaints. In the matter of diet the
h Iealth officers advise the people to eat
all the grapes they wish and not to be
3el "frightened by the bugaboo of appen
is dicitis." Straining the seeds or dis
or carding the pulp, after absorbing the
r juice, is pronounced "an insult to the
grape and the rankest ingratitude to
at liim who nade them so easy of cul
tt tore, so delicious and palatable, and so
nutritious and healthful."
ke One of the features of the flag cele
re bration at Monterey, Cal., the other
day was the formation of a United
states flag by arranging 200 girls in
of appropriate costume. The red and
r white stripes of the living flag were
be made of gowns of those colors. The
ly blue field was similarly secured, and
kthe white stars were placed on top
le of immense flat-topped hats, which the
tgirls wore. When tle 2t00 girls lifted
their voices to sing "The Star-Sr':tnglYe
Banner" the applat:;' a\-v'-e the I
echoes of the hills surrounding Mon
s terey and drowned the music for sev
eral minutes. t
s Dr. John IInldane. lecturer on phys- t
Id iology at Oxford University, is one a
- whose labors would appear to deserve a
ot more than passing recognition. In his I
a, experiments to discover a means\ of
, preventing the loss of life among min- d
era, resulting from underground ex
plosions, he actually inhaled carbon 0
monoxide for seventy-one minutes,
with the result that vital energy was
nearly extinguished and life would
Shave flown had not oxygen been speed- f
} ily administered.
o There is a constant demand for old
L horsecars. They are sold for summer b
:shelters in rural districts, for hunters' c
n camps, for lodges by solitary lakes, k
for cabins on houseboats, and for the a
homes of campers. They are found g
e everywhere, sometimes as annexes to s8
pretentious cottages, and sometimes si
as summer cottages. Occasionally a ft
number of them are grouped together k
as the dwelling place of one or more h
I families, and in this way they make a al
e commodious summer home. "1
In England it is possible to send a
bc.ycle by mail if It does not tip the
e scales at over twenty pounds. The es
Srules of the English parcel post sys- Ci
I tem have been so revised that it is ti
Spossible to send by mail any article, i
I o matter what it may be, provided it i
weighs no more than twenty pounds C
and is valued at not more than $100, V
by the payment of a small toll and I
registration fee, which also insures '
against breakling during transit.
Mrs. Warren, who lives near Sharps
town, Del., read thie prediction of a
New York clergyman that the world
was about to end, and believed it. o80
she gave all her goods to her neigh
bore, donned a white robe and waited
for the end. When she found that it
didn't occur she asked for the retura)
of her property, but her neighbors re
fused to give it to her, and now she L[n
goina to sue them.
Recent medical dstatistlcs show that
on an average only 900 persons out of
a million die from old age, while 1,200
succumb to gout, 18,400 to measles, th
2,700 to apoplexy, 7,000 to erysllielas, to'
7,500 to consumption, 48,000 to scarlet tet
fever, 2,000 to whooping cough, 30,000 s
to typhoid and typhus, and 7,000 to mi
rheumatism. me
The fact that the 8panish govern- i
meat is said to be well content with
the aebhlevements of General Weyler th
leds color to the suspleion that the
Sp1alsh ministers feel that Cus is an t
Insumbrance whclh might well be got
rid of
Papaitohes.
A match has Just been invented by am ha
English genius whlich promisee to be- nt
come a formidable rival to the present of
mateh In general use. The idea of the be
hventstkl is based on the old plan of feu
Srolay p paper and lighting at a fame Pr
already In exlstence. su
Thbo paper is mmersed in wax, utear- Ing
lie ad similar substanes, and bura Co
with a light, amokeless and ebdem ati
lame. Cat into match lengths, it is a
dsppat tato poapherous wax, h the carl
amass manth. The -mntiom tis
a tme lne, as theweoog asu
- eeuma ttai em, s i a t eed
-' ,-
of A White Deer as a Mascot.
ro- The citizens of Cook County are
is. much put out on account of the slaying
'd, f a white deer which has been roam
Id, ing over that sectoio for a number of
le rears, and which was looked upon as
nd I sort of tn:Ioto. tand which no one
,re s"ould harm, until a short time ago
he sie Poindexter wantonly shot It. Such
:urios are very seldom found, but in
le- story nil in song for ages past occa
of idonally references are made to a "milk
I-. white" does or white deer, which is
he generally supposed to have been a
is. fythical or legendary animal. This
to vhite deer of Co',l County. however,
.d-. as no myth,. for its snowy hide Is
Ld low in pickle in a taxidermist's shop
id n this city, and Game Protector Mc
s, ulre is preparing at the request of
id he people of Cook County to make big
x- rouble for Poindexter, who killed the
s- nimal about Feb. 1, durirg the season
is 'hen it is not lawful to shoot deer of
t0o ny color. There have been many sto
' les about this celebrated white deer,
Smne of which was that Barnum had of
s 'ered $10.000 for the animal alone, and
id t is now said that Poindexter shot
, ;he animal to get $200 for its skin.
Portland Qregonlan.
is CAL~ED IN A AURGLAR.
IIe Opened a Subtreasury % nuit that
) iafled Locksmith Experts.
to About six months ago an order ar
in rived at thesuhbtreasury directing ti,
hn Treasurer to have all the time lo': s
'r on the vaults cleaned, says the Sat
p- Francisco Chronicle. Among thle-c
at that were taken out was one on a re
sd s'rve vault containing $12.000.u00 in
is silver. From the lock on the door to
s- this vault the locksmith took only
i- such parts as needed to be clean(td,
to leaving the rest in the door. When
it the vault was closed the tumblers
a fell into their places, the "catch" of
1. the time lock, or that part that was
s. left, caught all right, and the door
e was securely locked-so securely
.e locked, in fact, that it was found im
o possibhle to open it again. for the part
1. of the time lock that should release
o the catch on the Inside was outside in
the hands of the locksmith. The
combination knob was turned this 1
way and that, and everything that
r would in any way tend to loosen the
bot was done, but to no effect. The
° locksmith even wi-nt so lar as to put
a plank against the door anti pound
e away with a sleoge in the hope that
something would give way, but still
1 the door remained securely closed,
P and as there was really no necessity
c to open the vault the treasury seal
I was placed on the door and things re
I at:ained as they were. It became ap
i parent that something had to be
- done, however, and it having been
learned that "Billy" Ensign was in
town, he was hunted up. Ensign is
the well-known a-racksman whose
ability to pick locks has more than
once landed him in prison, and the
propriety of calling him in was con
sidered at some length before it was
decided to resort to his skill. "Billy"
went into the subtreasury and at
once set to work. He tinkered with
the combination knob for a while, and _
then, getting down to business, put
his ear against the door and began
slowly to turn the knob back and
forth, listening to the clicks of the
tumblers as they fell into their
places. How he did it no one of the
bystanders could determine. but it is
certain that his manipulation of the
knob affected the time lo-k in some
way, for he suddenly straightened up,
grabbed the lever that moves the
steel bolts, and giving it a quick,
sharp jerk. the door swung open be
fore the astonished clerks. Ensign
knew nothing ab-tut the lock when
he started in to open the door, anti
all Treasurer Jackson could say was:
"lie's a wizard."
THE greatest mind, like the sweet
eat fruit, will generally l* found to
contain a serious blemish. Frederick
the Great was a half-c3razy barbarian,
Goldsmith is said to have written
like an angel and talked like a fool,
Cowper was known as the mad po.t,
Voltaire's vanity made himnt the
laughing stock of Europe. William
Pitt had a pitiful weakness lor tragic
poses, Byron was cursed by morbid
sensitiveness, Swift died at the top,
Dante and Petrarch were made gIreat
by unsuccessful love affairs, Dickens;
dressed like a tin-horn gam ler, and
talked like an egotistical boor, Car.
lyle was a hypochondriac. Novalis
was half a madman, and Foe two
thirds a lunatic. a
A WALL-PAPER trust is announced.
This is bordering on the intolerable.
STATE NORMAL COLLEGE
OPENING.
The State Normal at Troy, Ala., has
the largest opening in its entire his
tory, there being now 273 on its "At
tendance" course, and 277 on Its Exten
sion, making a total of 550 in all. The
management expect to run a total this
session of above 800.
A Senatorial and a Represenlntivre
scholarship provision is extending the
college advantages to all sections of
the State. These are great advntages
to teachers of limited means, and are
proving popular. Teachers should see
their Senator or Representative as to
this, or the County Superintendent of
Educatto.
Many scores of "TIrained Teuchers"'
hare been called for by school otblcers,
and every graduate or undergraduate
of this college desiring a position, thas
been located. It thus paiys to get Pro
fesional Trainlug. Dr. Eldridge. the
President of the College. put in a busy I
summer locating tehobere and answer
ing questions abount the State Normal t
College at Troy, and has the very large
attendance to show for it. Normal
Shools are a great benet to oar edu
cational srystem.
New bullnlgs are to begIn soee, sad
tea young earpert aem wated for
aemett day weIt ad shsl attad
The Pill that Will.
"The pill that will," implies the pills that
won't. Their name is legion. The name of "the
pill that will" is Ayer's Cathartic Pill. It is a
pill to rely on. Properly used it will cure con
stipation, biliousness, sick headache, and the
other ills that result from torpid liver. Ayer's
pills are not designed to spur the iiver into a
momentary activity, leaving it in yet more
c incapable condition after the immediate effect &)
is. past. They are compounded with the pur
pose of toning up the entire s:;stem, removing
the obstructing conditions, and putting the
liver into proper relations with the rest of the
organs for natural co-operation. The record of
Ayer's Pills during the half century they have (
been in public use establishes their great and
permanent value in all liver affections.
Ayer's Cathartic Pills. U
__ (~x.
)~k
S START
THE
SBGIRL
RIGHT,
r
When the girl comes to be a woman
look out. If she starts out in vigorous,
womanly health then it is pretty safe to
Ssay she will be a healthy, attractive, I
beautiful woman. t
The beginning of womanhood is ths
real crisis in a woman's life. Nearly c
always something is wrong then in the
distinctly feminine organs. Maybe it
isn't very serious-no matter-the time a
to stop disease is when it starts.
McELREE'S
WINE OFOARDUIA
will bring girls safely through the crisis.
Taken at the first indication of weak
ness, it never fails. It regulates the
monthly periods with perfect precision.
Its action is direct upon the feminine
organs that above all others, ought to
be strong and well.
Start the girl right. Don't expose her
to the dangers and tortmues of dragging
weakness, bearing down pains, nervous
prostration and the debilitating drains
so common to women.
NelIree's Wine of Cardal, is a home
treatment. It does away entirely with
abhorrent "local examinations."
ol at 1.00 a kUe b Dealers ia diesr
DEAFNESS
SAnt Head Noss rellioved
t r us'no Wiloena' ('em.
wo m I .eune Ear Iir m.
Nerw r'1, ti. iLnvntlloe
d ifereln om :l oth-r d•
r pamphletI . ree 11
v4 . es. T e olyril m o ,er Mb.
pie, om?.r ,leI and in
vibl Ear Dunm tsi tlh
world. Hel B, whbere me'-i
eel skil fatll Now wr Or
srlug attachment. Write $
for pamphlet. sPle.
WILSOI EAR DRUM CO.. u
140 Trust Bids.. LoaovlIoI·. lry.
our Druggist don't
keep TETTERINE,
send 50 cents In crsh
or stamps for a box
to
J. T. SH'PTRINIE
Savannah, Ga.
It Cares all SkIa Diseases.
Why LetYour Chickens,
Hogs Cattle and Horeon Die?
Dr. Salmon's MedIcInes anr uaranteed to care
and fatteu them or mnon rerundei. If your dealer
cmnnot supply you se 3 I f6tes ef large sample
ckage and Farer's hand-boe of Informnatlon.
v erlearyr MeledileCe., Nashville, resin.
RODSITl ad De p Neede for PRoee
SAoWan 'tY. ed o r a 3
t Ao gets wanted Dor nee fnr C
PITENTS Lrls t a o _
a wsaves, ll BilngMMW ahtoa. D.C.
OR one hundred and fifteen
years Walter Baker & Co.
have made Cocoa and Choc
olate, and the demand for it
increases every year. Try it and you
will see why.
Wake Baj & Co., Ltd., Dorchec, Mauss.
ENCYCLOPEDIA
POOR M AN'S gt well be the name of the
si-page book sent postpaid for
in Istalm b!· the BOOK
PUBLISHINO HOUSE.
134 Leonard Street, N. . City, for it serves the pnrpose of the g-eaL eenc clopodias
easting a huldred times the I. asked. It Is eempuetely Indexed. making tlie information
lastantly available. With th is vain- 5able book you have a world of knowl.
edge at yor agers' nds, d a a * easily supply a lack of early educa.
tlaatl advaateagm. When nreadie, dlon't you constantly come cross ref.
ateoens yeo ll Io s lneadtead? Isn't l. a mall amount to pay for having such ,nowledge
at hand? D.yr kew who luss was and where be lived? Who buillt the 'yramids, and
whean P taeand tIavell eat peseea? What Is the longest river in thie worN? That
awren Pole laetiad the mss l IMt and who Marco Polo was? What t he nrd I an Knot
0 AA s ash I m aUm a e we dr asmo t. aoy It f itse vrr .
Sad IIl Allx e@OVS IuUA isa.W.
II
DR. O. T. DOZIER,
(The Renowned Southern Specas.list.)
Birmingham. Ala.
Successfully treats, at office or BY MAIL.
all forms of Chronic Nervous. Blood, Skin
u:-l Private Diseases of Men and Women.u
CURES GUARANTEED.
All Chronlic Diseases of Lungs, Liver,
Heart. Kidney'. Bla i:elor. and all diteaeas ,of
the Genito-Urinlry organs are lu my line of
practice. Disea:se peruiiar t,' womuent. au
all venereal diseases of either sex p',aiiv'ry
cured by mild and safe rernedles. Iltpedi
mnents to marriage. as Flri-flre. Varfro
celP. Inlpotenie. Elnticl,,ins alltt all evil re
:iltt of self aLuse or ex, .-.l\e Indlalgene,
q.. ':lv n . i perlmanenltly vlred. I guarani
tee salitifetin In every ?la.e I treat. lMy
valutablte. lHk for Men Ittly." and symp
tom rlanks for nietl r '\',io'en will bew sent
free In plain. sealed envelope to all whoi
iapply. t'onsultation free, whether In per
son rer by letter.
A FEW EXTRACTS FROM PRESS ENDORSEMENITS.
Hundreds more of Ulike character, and
thousands of high tertimonl:als rom pa
tients can be furnished If necessary.
I tln da l l: ',,n t:tntl.n
Dr. O. T DzuI r. the ihea of IL southern Mteical
Dltei.ary rf Ill ,n:l't'tai. Ala.. Is a spe'lsllst of
n rly tw"erty years' exl)ern,'m' ia the treatinlit of
chronl. i.ervout ani irr.it. dll.w.se. and ii unl
fota slee b: hs given him a le:.ilug positio In nthi
medical profess!on.
(Maso)nic Guide.!
Dr. Doaier can be relied upon to troe diseaes Irr
the moet sn-cesful manner, and weI n known all
over the south.
iThe Southern Odd Fellow.)
Wecannot add anything to tihe reputation Dr.
0. T. i oer ha.- asirea ly a'uttseqe in the line of bhis
profeeston, buit we know nam io beabrothertOthl
Iell.w th t csn .e re!led on t, carry out every
proalise he makes to thrw lneedling his services.
Atge Herald t
* * * Dr. Dorier h;a rreit..al for many veary in
tlrminghnlm, sail. Ii r!,'o3:e year has addemi to
lls replitt 11tit. to i;i i u,'f. i ...a anm to the estr ei
lin ihi." i~ I.srlL ly "' r :.,.-t tilzens. Hl Is 1,
ree.rl .ti ap.le.ri.. ..I,;!Lte.. entitle tibm to 0e
Irpt ,lItlrictiou Oif eo t.!:dig at "the bead of his.
pruleaalua."
ipeople's Weekly Tribune.)
As a specialist Dr. loler Is urexelli
lvling f.hybsl,'lan He .e Ia irginbyll l.
a hligh-t·ned,. cultured. ('hristian gentleman, sU1
bonest ln all hs llla.: ilgs and tn eialily rso
for all his contract-.
iDal ly News, Birmllgham.if
Dr. Dozier Is a pl:,siclan and surgeom of led ,
skill and experlence. a mInn of culture andI
literary Itt .'ia eit'. I i1 a gentleman respected
all who knlw him if • c;a be relled on In all mat
tes pertain:'. ti hl. ;rof.sslon.
( lia,laan.ta ('it i-r:an . i'e- 'te
Hls tDr le.zler'plpr f,..l ,'a.l standing is anLn
peachable and his char.cter as a gentleman and
citizen Is above reproach.
Address
DR. O. T. DOZIER.
Lock Box 112, BIRYINtOltA, ALA.
EARIIART' FAMILY KNiITTE.
K ata . stoniecng beet sad toe
held trum hisspmln ortacts.to
wooal Wea r te,,ton yao. G eeCity.
Ir n r traen nnt es. Dr aceOe
mhild r e a twirleto it. ealfo
r bus e, simplheo.Dadp
tlr a al knitter on the m sarku . A
l o't"Wil~il:"" child :an ops. L* bO .
r1E Ltr sfaeti, bitearateed. Ao g
anted. Fu rartrcuars andss.
R?.l M attTIe IO, Cheaedd d Pa. J
enough fr a farn. t haver acresof bet Jt 4
and vegetable I:ntud. lar the town of Grove City.
slLhdivhiel into ten aire traets at $1 , per acre. One
mile from Lenmoii vI, two miles from Gulf of
lMexlo. Praotliealv below frost. rThe land as
nastulral drailuage. with a l the Umber neesmsry fo
bhlbiingld and fencing iulse. Saw till nenr by. i
.ow, whilelends are heaiti,. Ia the time to seenur a
farm in this, the comnlg section of the South Gulf
Couast. Addresawt witu stamp U. W. A rline. ron
itty, Florida.
ICI L Pays t as elp s ee s
OrHI 'I I habUW s sueaed. B,-.oobno
lllU L.t h L·I.  L, k0