LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS.
VOL,. II NATCHITOCHES, LOUISIANA, FRIDAY, OCT. 4, 1895. N(. 7.
DAMAGES FOR LIBEL.
A lirglla Taper Brought to Terms i,r
the American Book Company.
A dispatch from Norfolk. Va, says:
"The American Book company of .New
York bas just gained asignal victory in thbs
courts of Virginia and has received an ab
solute and complete vindication after a long
and exhaustive trial by special jury in the
Circuit court of this city. The Pilot news
paper of this city. upon the awardilng of
the contract for school books to the Amer
loan Book (ompany, printed a long article
written and prepared by It. E. Byvrd. an
agent and attorney forGmnn & Co.. of New
lork, in which it was charged that the
state superintendent had been bribed by I
the American Boos company. The Pilot
was immediately sued for libel, and, after
a five weeks' trial, which create' an im
mense amount of interest throughout the
state, a verdict for punitive damagte was
recently awarded, and the jury found that
the statements made were false and a
deliberate libel. Not only so, but the C
bompany, upon uniml exchable evidence, c
was proved to havedealt honorably and up t
rightly in every particular in their negotia
tions with the state officials. It was furtb
er proved at the trial that no better terms I
had been made with any ther state for t
school books. In fact, the attorney-general
of Virginia stated that the American Book
company seemed to throw open their whole
business to us,' and, after full and complete c
examine' ion of all the original contracts s
made wl .b the various states he expressed t
himself as absolutely satisfied that the
prices were the same in all cases and that I
lno discrimination whatever had been made i
against the state of Virginia. Furthermore t
he mentioned that none of the statements
of the American Book company had been
accepted until every one of them had been t
absolutely verified by direct reference to E
the governors of some fifteen states, with
whom contracts had been made. This c
proved conclusivelythat the representations
of the American Book company were cor
rect in toto. This celebrated case has thus I
ended in a complete triumph in every re
spect for the American Book company, and
has shown in clear contrast the clean and
business-like methods in which they carry
on their great industry as compared with
the attempted use of political pulls and
misstatements by their opponents."--Gh t
cago Tribu e.
I.lttlejohn and His Mule.
A worm will turn, and so will ac
mule, as Muledriver Littlejohn found s
to his cost in an Ohio coal mine. He t
was, ordinarily, very cruel to the ani- s
mal, and when it became refractoryv
the other day as he was bringing it v
out of the mine he began to beat it t
with a club. The mule became des
terate and assaulted him in a vicious
manner. Littlejohn turned and fled t
down the dark entry, his light be- a
coming extinguished as he ran. The r
mule chased him through the entry s
and penned him up in a dark room, li
where a hard-fought battle took t
place, the mule climbing on Little- n
john's body and biting off his left
hand near the wrist. Littlejohn's a
cries brought assistance, but he was e
nearly dead when rescued. n
Passed Away.
The hermit of the old-fashioneu t
mansion at the corner of Broadway t
and Nineteenth street, New York. is b
sleeping her last sleep. She was Mrs. a
Hannah E. Gerry. daughter of the
late Peter P. Goelet and mother of
Comodore Gerry, and leaves her heirs a
at least $10,000,000. The venerable r
old lady's demise will probably soon t
be followed by the passing away of 1
the ancient landmark at the spot a
mentioned, which has long been the
only relic of rurality in the heart of the
great city. _
He Was Aaege~L C
Whistler, the artist, once sat at d
the theater next to a lady who
was going in and out of her seat con
stantly, not only at the end of each a
act, but also while the play was going
on. The space between the rows of
seats was very narrow and the artist
was subjected to much annoyance as P
she passed him. --Madam," he said
at length in his sweet tones, "*I trust
I do not incommode you by keeping
my sea"
They All Died.
Charles F. Krueger of LaPorte,
Ind., had roast porLk for dinner the 6
other day. It was rather underdone,
but they all ate he.rtily of it It ap
pears that the pork was affet$d with
trichblanosis, and the whole family, i
father, mother and six children, have
all died. The physioians found their
bodies literally alive with the deadly d
parasMite. Too mch canot be said
. the dgoer of eatir pork which is
not so thoroughly eooked as to kill a
the triohiam.
A Ne hemspe. 5
A syndi ate of Duluth men, who i
will not at the preset time allow the Ii
use of otheir names, is arrangig to u
drais the gret Morel swaPmi, ner I
Mibb·in, Min., a traeot ooat~Alng t
10,000 ares of the rioebeet kld of
led. The Masabe ren -pases a
though a pastes ot the swamp ane a
the IaemtlsadIs to term new waste s
lan late a terming seeemry. As the a
m a pres ems etnedes it Ies aeesliely I
werthess, and has hee psrebased for I
nala ug**. I1
Pseme h - ase ar s .55
~ the semntryat hass grot I
Ia eeau quoggelMd g Iesh
er a my Lbhs sto ai beekoe
lat he mea . I** * *
* ie answee t dhg te t
b s~Ammmsmt*M a
HOW HE ROASTS THEM
4 DEMOCRAT AFTER HIS STUPID
BRETHREN.
He Pointes Out, With Undealeble Correct
mess, the Many lumaders of Our I.egis
Intors, and Shows la Plain Words the
Humilliatig Statae of Our Laws.
The Austin correspondent of the
r Dallas Nets, who is a Democrat of
t the strictest sect, writes that paper
under date of September 21 as follows:
" In Texas for many years the com
plaint of all concerned bas been the
law's delay. From this timo the un
certainty of the law is added to the
causes that make the citizen regret
the very existence of legislatures,
courts and governmental agencies.
s Here this past week we had the spec
r tacle of a chief justice declaring a law
inoperative, a governor declaring he
would execute that very law if he
" could get enough men to back him,
and an attorney general upholding
the same law, while turning out of the
t law mill two opinions declaring the
a futility of two other laws passed at
the same session. An act of the leg
islature runs the gauntlet of guberna
torial veto, clerical blundering, attor
ney general's analysis and judicial
construction nowadays before any
I body can safely trust it as having any
place or authority. The legislature
" may turn it out of committee all right
and after approval by the governor
some fatal defect is found. A clerk
may have murdered it by leaving a
word out of the caption, by omitting
the enacting clause or by inserting
a word or words which had been
stricken out. Let it safely pass the
careless committees and the deadly
s clerk, pass the governor and prove
I acceptable to the people then comes
a the attorney general with theories of
strict construction and declares it in
! valid. Then the people accept the
t verdict and it is no law for anybody
t to respect or obey.
Later a litigous citizen, whose in
terests are affected, brings it before
I the court and it is declared valid by
a civil supreme court. No appeal is
taken and for years the law is re
spected as authority. Finally another
litigant has the question submitted to
the supreme court and it Is declared a
nullity.
t These are acts the validity of which
may be adjudicated by this latter
court and also by the court of crimi
nal appeals, both being courts of final
resort and independent of each other.
For instance. this prize fight legisla
tion will doubtless be adjudicated by
the court of criminal appeals and may
be brought before the supreme court
any day by application for mandamus
against the comptroller. These courts,
it is understood, have not always
agreed as to what is the law. As a
rule it may be assumed that
there is some defect of greater or
less importance in every statute
adopted by recent Texas legislatures,
and when the validity of one
of these experiments are seriously
questioned, as often happens, the
chances are overwhelmingly in favor
of its invalidity. There are radical
defects and errors and grave ques
tions of validity involved in numerous
acts of the last three legislatures.
Game laws, road loads and land laws,
tax laws, the special courts, as that
at Texarkana, the laws regulating
public printing, laws to refund money
paid on school lands, laws giving re
lief to purchasers of school lands and
various other acts in the operation of
which a great many people are direct
ly interested are yet of uacertain va
lIdity and likely to be condemned by
the attorney general, by some justice
of the peace, or county judge. or
som district court or some court of
last resort Heads of bureaus and de
partments are in the same business.
The laws are assaulted all along the
line up to the highest courts and
r even thes in future years will over
role their predecessors' opinions and
I deoisions.
SHence the people have been edu
c ated to regard the decapitation or
suppression of statotes by clerks,
committeesu, governors, state omcials
and the oourts without surprise, and
a ln fact the surprise is that any act
is foaund to stand the fusillade and to
a men what it was Iatended by the
r legislature. This shameful uncer
Stalnty as to our laws is due to legis
I lative stepidity in the maln, and this
a stupidity is the nlaevitable result of
I seadtng incompetent and ignorant
a me to make laws. Here is this law
naaiset pris fghtinag, for Instance.
Th bl latredneed simply made prize
r ghtiag a ley uand fixed ua appro
priale penalty. Bet ambitieos mem
herws asmpired to fix their slag marks
as statesmoan apes it and made a mon
S~tt o the 'measur. Say the
d SLshude bould stretch the or
*. filmey rene foe ostruing criainal
Sslms ad deeie she egielature
bma nt to plM t, thea snother legis
heare oem aleng and passes an act
to lseuss prie Ightlng. But
there is deebt as to the valid
I ale of thi last act.
Sis elnd up for life sad
I r with a great body of
I las eloped as the evied elvil de
Sthereby givend adveutleas eeyeo
totalir, pas 8 reS q4 e 4******
PRESENT MONEY SYSTEM OF THE UNITED STATES.
Laws Governiag the Character, Issue, Circulation and Retirement of the Ten Kinds of Mloney Now in IUe Currency Isurd, in Tresunry, It
National Banks and in Circumntaion July I, 14895.
- ; - - -SUBSIDIAY N .- SILVER I ot'.' 'iTTr 3 . V TF ', R1* " Y NR\' 5tt. i
GOL'D COIN. I [.YEH DOL.AC II\oR ('l)iN
'1D '.oVN. .II.VE D .l . 1I.V .',I ' I ' El. )IYe ATES ('RTIFI('ATE?. N ,T .:' ('EIi TIFII 4)I- NOTE1oF' i5i , I i 4eNaK N irT
Hirst authorized .......April 2. 1792 April 2. April 2. 171. April . 179. . Narch 1. l i e Feb 28. 8 Fe 25 12 tune l. 1l2. July" 1iI. 1!141 Feb .15. ,I
Weight . ..... grains to 41', grains. 381.8 grainsto :c 77 16 grains. . ....
dollar dollar. Ic. IN grains.
Fineness. ... ..1...... , ) 'O , -75 pr. c cop'r
': per ct nickel
Ic" :;,pr P. cop r
'perc tintzinc.
I.llnt of issue ...... U.nlimited. Am'nt required $.0 J.90K) c Discretion o f Isslue suspended Silver dollars in $1744 41l 0,1 d I nited :State5 $Il:,.,4.4ll7 c l9 per cent ,
to red eem secretary o I hen gold re tressuly. Inotes In tntras intcl St,
treasury notes the treasury sre alls he I irv bond
low 114! )l 4)44
To whom first issued a No restriction. No restriction. No restriction No restriction. IDepositors of Depositors o f No le-triction Nat:,nal bank- lDeposl,rsof sl \atlsonsl 'Inu5.,
cld con ana silver dollars verh u ll l on
bulll',a, purchased by
governmllent
Denomination........ . . $.. ) (2 I (1 5 cents f cents l1,14) ;5) $11)) $110 :,'1 . $,o 1:. ) s11() lO ti $Icw ?'
l 00 2 cent I cennts I cet 51,11 :9" 5, 50) 1.1 :(1 1p) .5 :.,
IiU 10 'cents ILo)l 7 .0 Ill 2 I hnl 5 5 ' I(4
) .4)) ;11 1 '411 1 . I "
.)1 I I II "I
Iegal tender .......... Unlimited. 'nlimitdl unless Not toexceed $10 Not to exceed 24 Not a tender Not a tender. I'alltlt'd unless Not a tender. Unlimited unles. Not a tendler.
stlDulated i n cents. stipulated t u stipulated I n
contrat. contract contra
Receivable a ..... For all public For al or l or all public Forr all public For all public For a l pIunhl Not receil able For all public For a l I I r~ll
dues. dues dues to the dles to thbs dues. lles d u e c- except dues d . t\
amu't of $10. aint of 2. cts dllties on 1nt duties ol 1
port, and in pIrt- alndI 111
terest on pub tlcet on p t
Exchangeable a..... For gold certtfl- For allver vertlf For minor coin ............... r 1 oin For silver dol For any loney For I nt e t Fr any ny Ir ser an
cates. Icate or sumall other money. ars anid frac except g o I states note. except g o lI In mor I mltl
er sIver colt ti nal siler. certificates. certificate
Redeemable . .... ................. ......... In la wful n awf In "lawgfl non In gold coin. In siverdollars In coin in sumlll In tnilted tates In coin ' In 'I w r t I
mon e y in ey in sums of of V.' and over notes. io oi at
sums 0o 1'10 or lnot less than at sub treasur treatiury , r
any multiple $iJl Ict in N e w batk of ists,
thereof. York and San
Francisco
July 1,1395. I
Total coined or issued $579.4t,97l S I3't.2"!.219 4 772.42 ... $49 ............. 1 4,134 3 1lt,I ott :' D5-.4)0 U 1l4 ., l 211.1l.O:
In treasury . 1 ,147.914 371.31).U6U 7 16,:5 2.844: . ..5 t e1 9.1t .7.712 41. 1.5 ;1,0[ ;t.1-t1 :0 1, | 4 il. n ti 3 1':. 1:
In circulation .. 40,-750. 7 51,6l3J1 61.t)19.718 ... 4... I 4 1.. 31:4.731.75.2 7t4-.1.)1.47i6 .  II .97 11,s ;7. .7 u;
Held by National Hanks 117,476.37 7,24 O0 :. 1,'1 ........... 2 14 ,tlU , 30 127.4 37 15.1.l, 172 1, .A 1. 0 1t. 1, 7;*
July II. I I96
Net circulation b ... 32. 0 44.3 .103 .9.477 ............ 2 955.19 I .71 141.W4, 4 ,44475..O) 115i 17.7114 70 l.r11.71,
Per capita. net b .. 55.19 s0 64 1, . ... So 1 $ 14 SJ 43' to I4 I lIst I F2 s
4On the basis of an estimated population of 69,8793100 on July 1, 1Is9. there was a total circulation outside of the treasury and the national banks of 1.~3t.s 174 80 or 117 83 per capita.
a. By the government. b. Total circulation outside of treasury less amount held by national banks c. Acts of July I1. 1475. and April IT. IS 6i. limited issue to amount required to re
tire fractional paper currency. This limit was increased to 0.,000.000 by act of July W. 18i. After resumption or specie payments I1NT8, considerable fractional silver reappeared which had
been issued previously. d Amount outstanding when the act of MSay :1. 1871, forbade their further retirement. e. Amount outstanding when the silver purchasing clau-e was repeJled. Nor.
1, 194.3. f. And reissued by the banks for general circulation.-From the New York Voice.
IVrPlease note the fact that there are ten kinds of money, and eight of them redeemable.
by the governor and attorney general
and various ,.me too" statesmen.
The learned chief justice had a dif
ficult problem to decide, but then
there was the unquestioned law prob
abilities which required him at the
outset to follow the rule that any re
cent act is presumed to be invalid un
til everybody is satisfied that it will
stand. It was first doubtless pre
sumed to be defective, then it was upon
inspection found to be incongruous
and uncertain, and was finally dis
covered to have been repealed by
another somewhat shaky brother act.
Whether Justice Hurt was correct in
his decision I would not undertake to
say. Whether Gen. Crane is correct no
man can say for certain during this
century. The disagreement is no just
occassion for intemperate abuse of Jus
tice Hurt, such as one hears in the gov
ernment offices, nor is it any justifi
cation for the criticisms of the gov
ernor and attorney which prevail on'
the streets. The judge, as public
coroner, simply declared the defunct
law demised by inanity and the
other side proposed to try the case
and demand further tests as to the
status of the legislative stiff. The
judge has no more concern about it.
This situation does not call for hys I
terical denunciations of an honorable
and conscientious judge, nor for im
precations against the crown offMers
and their legal advisers. It is a situ
ation which may arise any day under
the glorious uncertainty of Texas
laws. If it be unpleasant to the pub
lic, let the public proceed to correct
the system responsible for it.
Who is to blame for this state of
affairs? Beyond a question the Dem
ocratic leaders, for they have been in
power in this state uninterruptedly
for 19 years. It goes to prove the
charges made all along by Populists,
as to their incompetency and
stupidity.
It b Good Demreraes.
Hon. Bryan T. Barry admits **that
there rests upon a candidate who ac
cepts the nomination of a party an
obligation to defend and carry out as
candidate and officer the declarations
and promises of the party," but says
,"that obligation does not extend to
the citizen and has never been held
to do so. No party has ever asked
more of the voter than to vote for its
nominee." Mr. Barry seems to con
sider this generous and considerate
of the party, but it implies very clear
ly that the party regards the voter
as merely a headleas jackass to be
used at the ballot box and then turned
out to grass.-Dallas News.
Why, bless your soul, that is good
Democracy. All the leaders want is
for the people to vote the ticket, and
ask no questions. Mr. Barry is in
the ring, but he should not have said
so much.
Iepmb,.ee Orevew
The Republicans ought to erect a
statue to Cleveland. He has done
more for their party than any living
man. No man In their party could
have broken up the Democratie organ
ization as he has knowingly and de
liberately done.-Jackson (Tenn.)
Sen.
Ue wen't.
The amiable wife of Secretary Car
lisle says that her husband is a cadi
date for presidest and will be pre
seated as the admlnistrasne favor
he." New let his deny it, if ]t
4ere.-St Lois Glebt-DemoorsI
EDITORIAL OPINIONS.
The worst form of yellow fever is
gold fever.--lHallettsville New Era.
Labor runs the bakery, but capital
takes the cakc.-Logansport Ad
vance.
The blessed -"gold reserve" is L
again running down at the heel. More
bonds.--l)enver Road.
A corner on the money of a country
is a corner on all the other corners.
It's a big thing. -Vancouver Register.
This is the greatest government on
earth. It has to depend upon a bond
syndicate to protect its credit.-C om
ing Natiob.
The danger point will never be
passed until the United States govern
ment shall quit borrowing money in
times of peace.--Greenville Banner.
The cornfield statesman and coun
try school house orator made this na
tion.saved it in fact, and must preserve
it if preserved at alL--St. Louis Mon
itor.
It is not so much a struggle be
tween soft money and hard money as
it is between soft heads and hard
heads -brains unused and brains mis
used.-Tacoma Sun.
There are fourteen members of the
Orleans Parish l)emocratic Executive
committee gone to the penitentiary or
under inaictment Who will act for
them?-Monroe (Ia.) Bulletin.
The next thing for goldbugs to do
is to declare in favor of eggs being all
yellow, and demonetizing hens that
lay eggs with **white" in them.
HI axahachie Peopie's Paper.
Of course Mr. Cleveland would not
accept a third term. He would de
cline it with a shrinking modesty with
which a bull pup would decline a sau
cer of new milk.-St. Louis Globe
Democrat.
An honest dollar: One that will
do as much for the poor as for the
rich; one that will circulate and give
employment to labor and customers
to agriculture.-National Farm and
Fireside.
Since public corruption has become
so fashionable, Trffany's remark when
in a tilt with his extravagant wife,
that "fashion is a cloak for more sins
than charity ever covered." is ex
tremely pertinent just now.-Indian
apolis Nonconformist.
Will there be a new issue of bonds
queries the Picayune. Of course, and
two or more Issues if necessary. The
gold bond syndicate must be main- I
tained. The people? Oh. damn the
people; let them pay the bonds.
Shreveport Caucasian, (Dem.)
Seekers stes West-ed.
How the bankers are squirming
about silver. They are alarmed at
the prospect. That $26,000.000 an-;
nually stolen from depositors would
weigh 760 tons If it was all in silver.
Just think of it. If all taken at once,
it would require 12,000 cashiers to
carry it, and would make a procession
eleven miles long. Every man loaded
down with over a hundred and twenty
pounds of silver. Some of tWeo lire
as any would get caught. too, carry
lug sech a load as that -Chicogo
Express
AM, money ie honest and sound,
thesis a fall legal teader, and irre
desmable, except in the payment of
al debt. public sad prlveai
All in ('onfunion.
A ·orrespendent of the D)allas News
from Galveston. speaking of the con
fused condition of our laws. says:
But the attorney general and the
governor are not the only ones who
have doubts, and serious ones. as to
the validity of the law. Eminent ju
rists from one end of the state to the
other, before and since the Hurt opin
ion, have declared the law invalid,and
this in itself is enough to condemn it
on constitutional grounds, for the
reason that the constitution provides
uncertain as to be of doubtful con
struction. or words to that effect, it
is inoperative and not to be ecforced.
It is suggested that not only
this prize-fighting statute. but many
other acts of the Twenty-fourth leg
islature, if not its entire
code.- will ultimately be found
invalid. It has also been
intimated that the governor is hold
ing up the contract for printing the
codes because of the troublesome
doubt as to their validity, and the
bearing such a conclusion would have
on the status of the acts relating to
glove contests. If he is not holding
up the contract for this reason why is
he holding it up at all? Not because
there is no money with which to pay
for the printing, as a special act was
passed by the last legislature appro
priating $25,00t for that purpose -an
act entirely separate from the general
appropriation bill, in which errors
were detected. All things considered,
it looks very much as if his excellency
was somewhat afraid of the law him
self.
Heretofore in Texas anything. la
beled *"Democratic nominee" has
been elected, without any regard to
qualification, but if a lawyer, the
more corporations he represented the
more popular he was.
sleep Together.
The Democratic party. having
forsworn its life-long and fundamen
tal principles, has ceased to exist, as
a political party, without well-deflned
and distinctive principles. is held to
gether solely by **cohesive power of
public plunder." to use the expression
of John C. Calhoun. John Sherman
and Grover Cleveland, on all financial
questions, are. politically, Siamese
twins and sleep in the same truckle
bed. Honest Democrats see and ad
mit this fact; the cuckoos have no
principles, and care nothing . for
principles. The Democratic party
and the Republican party are at the
beck and call of the money power,
and can vote for either party without
the least sacrifice of principles. -San
Antonio Chronicle.
Yes. Why Net?
If there is so dad bummed much
silver lying idle in the treasury as
Carlisle and the goldbugs claim, and
it has not been demonetized, as they
also claim, why did they issue $163,
S000,000 io bonds? Why did they not
pay the silver out if it was a legal
teader?-Iiardy (Ark.) Buzz-Saw.
.e Umderstads.
In his letter In reply to R. Q. Mills.
CoL James G. Dudley says:
Times have been growing steadily
worse for years. The farmer is uo
longer prosperous; mercantile busi
eess no lenger pays a return on the
capital invested. Buildings and im
provements of all kinds have well
sigh stopped. The decline e ina
prices of everything. The financial
panics, the want of business conh
!dence and general uneasiness, the
business failures, the dissatisfaction
and unrest among the laboring classes,
and the great number of idle men who
have for years been tramping our
country Iroin Maine to Mexico. asking
for work and for bread, speak in
thunder tones and tell us there is
something wrong. What is the mat
t',. What is the cause for this con
dition of things? Let us. like a skill
ful surgeon, investigate, examine and
find the cause for all this and remove
it.
So far. so good. But he proposes
to stay in the Democratic party, and
'count beads (party traditions) and
sing p.vane (heroworsbip) and thus
secure reform. Poor fellow he is
joined to his idol, party name. Let
him stay.
To ay Negroes.
A special telegram from Austin to
the San Antonio Express says, speak
ing of the next race for congress in
the Seventh district:
Should Blake, for instance, or Sam
Scott. even. get the Democratic nomi
nation Barber will undoubtedly .'do"
them. And, under the most favor
able circumstances, any man making
the race in the Seventh district next
year under Democratic colors must
have from t300U to $1).,00J to spend
if he means to win. for without the
negro vote he can't win, and it costs
money to control the elusive African
suffragan.
Walter Baker or Seth Mills might
be nominated with a reasonable ex
pectation of winning, if the conven
tion went off without much squab
bling, but even they would have to
scratch around pretty lively without
a liberal campaign fund.
On the whole the Democracy has a
rocky road ahead of it upthere, which
accounts for Pendleton's loss of taste
for a longer residence in Washington.
V..o't (Go Around.
The principles of modern Democ
racy are '.spoils" and place hunting.
When a Democrat gets an office his
,,principles" are carrieu into effect
as far as he is concerned. But there
being an insufficiency of offices to go
round only a very small per cent of
the brethren ever see their ,,princi
ples" carried into effect, but the av
erage Democratic patriot is a very
patient kind of a being and he lives
in constant hope that he will live to
see his *"principle" go into effect.
However, the outlook now is some
what discouraging, as there is dark
ness coming over the '.grand old
party." It looks very much like its
-"principles" will have to go down.
The storm wrecked many of them last
year, and the cyclone next year will
probably leave but few of them to tell
the story. -Carolina Watchman.
Freeisely So.
It is just as sensible to give a few
people the monopoly of issuing coin
money as to give them a monopoly of
Issuing paper money. Neither func
tion belongs to private individuals.
New York Voice.
Gov. CuLr5assoi told a correspon
dent of the Houston Post that he
would go to Dallas in person, if anoee
sary, and stay there to sme that Fits
simmons and Corbett did not fight in
that city. Thus it would seem that
he proposes to disregard Judge Hart's
'd ecieloo.