HON.*HAl AY ER,
yThe Br3ai t and Taletd AOIasestQ
Rsseor of the Caaseesta mameastoMa
i Ba lloter's Paer, the tem amd
, lde of Popantlm in the Old Nerth
mIate, Examies ome Letters."
"A GREAT REMEDY.
The Csucslsam SIree Fre AdvertlSll
for a Goe1 Thing.
For some weeks last t'e Caucasian
l:,s leu nu rnuting an advertisement of
the Swalp, Angel Company. We had
,ot given it very much attention, and
a~hle we had sati-tiedl ourselves that it
W.l a good medicine, we had no true
ila of its real value. From direct
evilenwce we val affirm to any one in
tere.ted that thiin medicine is possibly
a hat has long been looked for. We
shouild he slow to make this assertion
Pbut for the fact that some strong testi
mnoniala have come under our notice.
aml we here present them. The orig
inal letters are now in the poseeesion
of the Caucasian.
MADE A PERlECT CURl
Suffolk, Va., Dec. 26, 1895.
Swamp Angel Medicine Cbwnpany,
Washington, D. C.:
Enclosed please find money order
sfa $5.50. Please send the Swamp
Angel medicine. (Oie bottle has made
a perfect cure of my wife, who had a
terrible casee of dyspepsia. Send med
icine by express.
Yours, very respectfully,
Rpv. HI. H. BUTLn.
rFELS LIUE A NEW nmN.
Laepll, Ind., Dec. 10, 1895.
Dear Sir :
I received your medicine all right
and it is doing wonders. I have bee.
troubled with La Grippe and Oatarrh,
and I do believe your medicine will
sure me of both. Already I feel like a
new man. Yours, truly,
SAMUEL DvairT.
George, Me , Dec. 20, 1895.
Swamp Angel Medwcine Cbnpcany,
Washington, D. C.:
Gentlemen-Some days since my
foreman, Win. T. McCall, ordered two
fettles of your medicine. I being t
very much aglicted with piles and in
digestimm, he gave me one bottle, and I 4
eommenced the use of same just one
eek ago. To-day I am well.
Your, very truly,
I" ARLas OrTs,
ROT EVER lSED.
I herewith enelose you 60 cenats for
which plam gnd me one pint of your
valoubl medicine. It has helped me
very mueh indeed, and I consider it t
the very best I have ever used.
Your, truly,
SNraTBmIEL L. Ku.zr,
CoEtrime 1 .
swmsmme a uuav.r
Libeal, Mo., Dee. 4, 185.
Il tAi 1Yepritor of ta hes B A - I
i o advertiment De 1
se'f aisted with
blt "tmbl I .rmos anisnpmt
- - My seses i. ,
a hi~~ f heart feDim ead I
"We have t rulead, tba.*ýi
sine ýsoqbly, and oonsider th.
niab wuadmil Kidney ta bISoISSP.a j
bl been for Wtent n .'Iy wffii
-b a al g tnW, n .m"
asbhma better. Taking .evw
ifato cnsideratimw-her ate, wh
7 and the lengthof time hashBeelo
sdlaote-it s o lyrile to howthe
- P. &-i *ne two dgm bottlo o t
* s Wd18 sa m eh with der if
I
tma iPar qmamrt
dthe albeafret
Dfraw Upa Daliy.,
e itm Sua t Newm
" t es , i
J4. 4 ~ f*z
4 '·CSr'·bl- 4r 4h
I'
- - "
. i. . ..
3` ; F y.ear", oT= , . -' , - ppti,. ,m
o D ,D. W. MARION . ,- ,
ted, dyig an, wetmg but 120 pound. Fow, at 40, Iweigh 170and am
pcifect health. Such are the wonderful results of using Scamrp Angel
ifeden e for two years when any symptoms of disease showed themselves.
IWhEn the cientife men (f the world, and allthe Acalth boards of the targe
cities informecd the yublic that consumption. oand tMe most malignant and fa
tal diseases, were caused and produced by liviny bugs, germs or microbes, 1
then determined to faind a germ or microbe killer. 1 then bought and tested
eery preparation on sale for throat troubles, bronchial afections or consump-.
tion. I could not find a germ or microbe killer in the entire lot of medicines.
I the.commencedto ment with naphthol, and produced a medicine
semilar in aects to Iyddro.naphthel, While my medicine was very strong,
yet, 1 could drink it like water. But the most wonderful thing was that one
dr.p' would not only kill milli s of germs and mWcrobes,.but would instantldy
killa large insect. I wamed this remedy Swamp Angel Medicine in ehonor
of the Innp Angel canon, a gun very destructwev to enemies but harrmle
to its operators, its friends. Even so, Swamp Angel A I'dicine destroys all
lower trm lfe, the csae qf human disease Under heat, this medicine die
olves into gas, air, and can ie inhaled directly into the lungs, therbg killing
all germ and microbe life on these org . Like lightning, this same medi
cine will rusA through the skin, therlore kill any ache or pain from a
common toothache to a sepee our or rheumatic pain. Every fatmi4
should have a bottle. Out out the ticket on this page and get one.
r, "
g* el ?=a Liver Pills willprmam::
...f. any or all of ti eae amrmm g 1"
tioans. - It no dealer give you a saun
Yi meed o g , sonwtao nao tate. Maar m will tel yon uM
mosdimegual ti the AnutiReea- our remediesa ae
eais. Are you They hv sot gt sto
An y p es eatat a nsl - U,
Do ot belob ap -@ 9w a art ieee bWdaO I as
,Is yer base dmsdy t timea ' and ,,. eatee
.Dees. eapa h, east o ,. ILe.k em-, da' ~tsGet
I ale*. 1iU ae Jtoheb ME. II. I iOmT N
Ek . haobehse .l e
wih Ge all ans n e to
t1aot'si Ibt mouthe Half it Swamp Angel Med. orhar
* - atih3 has leaija n or m a. for 1
qap gig a- .,, t d sl gas or W e6.
ST. MtAUR E L, OU0SI AN'.
t pQASA'u"21 tt da T o@mK crU Addrn us or saywholesaled
dI s oblm e a a ** eas met A Swi °sas ~p hth , Aa- . . . W . C.
Sl General Merchandise,ry
front Street. Natchitoches. La.
E. l . Ted by cl.Klt c1e,
St. Haurice, I b * s
-DALER IN-.
A-D aewy at  I -~ad y kept in a irst clams country'store.
dr9I (n Film pM for EAPir'ON and other country
4aum. simh bwr ln A ibm FAth l te POll ade ane sad ase as.
" *1" """ ": ' I " "
shol.  .:: -.. .= tl. _,- l oI- ~ c~ _-: •Ai "g ..--ge .... .--.
Louisiana Populist,
PUBLISIIEI) EVERY FRIDlAY, AT
Natchitoches, Louisiana.
4 OONE DOLLAR A YEAR IN ADVANCE. "
TIHE LEADING POPULIST PAPER OF NORTH LOUISIANA.
Devoted to the Education of the masses upon the reform i.sues
of the Day.
Advertising Bates on Application.
It has a large circulatinn, and Advertisers will get large returns
through their Advertieements..in the Populist.
-00--
H. L. BRIAN, Editor.
It will give the leading local and general News Items.
The Populist is designed to spread among the people a knowledge
of their political and social rights; an excellent advertising medium
as it circlattasfrgely among all claMees.
Be sure to subscribe for it.- Be sure to.advertise in it. There is
no harm in getting both aidee of all questions. Therefore send us a
DolTlar for the Popnlist one yeas.
A. Young Man's Arraignrl.e
SenaItol RoIinii, a 1o Was e'
fromi a se.natorial district in
tity as a (Citizeus' Lva,.,ue 1D
;tile, ionest ;ndt t|ilitl'l to ,
iledge in tihe most trying iouh' o
tihat retarkaIile sessition ofi thet Il it n
Ioal Asseiinlyv, ill whichI la;iw Said
right t'ere irain luled iiilnder fiot ly"
.1a :nla'iIt' aiit l inl hitlh a 'l tat:
,ias stilen, t gi avt, in Ii is aillcEss
a;Intinloning the l )tli .'ratiili l, 1; tlty
'reasons th'er cr whilithl shollhi ail
will no doublt ilappeal Itoi tihe cla
scince i nli undlerstanditngl of ever
ilitelligeltll yolng l al ihi L i
islanii.
The words of Senator )l nllainii
are a terrible arraigilment of I)en.
ocrailcy as it prevails with us, andi
they eondemii that party becaiuse
they are true.
"I have been taught," said the
Senator. "that the l)enmocratic par
ty, in State all airs, represented
tairness in politics; that it was
jealous of the purity of the ballot
box; that it advocated rotation in
offlice; that it was oplposed to
"rings" and "gangs," that it al
ways bowed in respectful submii
sion to the will of thie nijority.
Such is the theory we have been
taught to love andt honor. And as
a theory, I love and honor it to
day. But, ii looking around
throughout this State for some ev
idence of the practical operations
of these truths, under Democratic
auspiees, we see the b:illot box rap
ed at every opportunity; we find a
gang in the city controling the pat
ronage of the State, and a ring iin
the State controling its conven
tions; we have the same officers,
tern in and term out, to demon
strate the beauty of rotating in the
same office for several terms; we
witness the will of the majority of
the people set agide by the bosses,
and find our State adhmiistratioli
in the hands of a chief executive
whose title to office is beclouded
and impure."--'aily Item.
"Uncle Dick, what's a delu
sion t"
Well, Bobby, :t is thinking your
expenses next month will not be as
heavy as they are this month."
Detroit Free Press.
Landlady (of country inn, on the
eve of a popular holiday, to her
daughter, who is kneatling the
dough for a cake)-Resei, you had
better put a couple of eggs and a
bit of butter into the cake. It
looks as if we were going to have a
storm, and if the townfolk don't
stir out tomorrow we shall have to
eat it ourselves."-Ruhrbota,
A lady asked an astronomer if
the moon was inhabited. "Mad
am." he replied: "I know of one
moon in which there is always a
man and woman."
"What is thatt"
"The honeymoon."-Ex.
Bob.-Your playing reminds me
of my experience when I came
home from the club last night.
Fred-In what respect.
Bob-It took me a long time to
strike the right hey.-Brooklyn
Life.
"One of the greatest problems
in bicycling," said a giddy bicy
chst, "is how to kiss a girl while
riding a tandem without upsetting.
The first time I tried it there was
the blankest eatisthrope on record
We were spinning along at a
scorching rate and struck a shady
place, where the electric light was
obstructed by the dense foliage
and the shadows lay heavy and som
her. I had made sufficient prog
ress with the damsel whom I had
honored with the front seat to ven
tureupon a delicate caress, I lean
ed forward, throwing my weight
on the handles and giving my neck
the necessary curse. She was nat
urally somewhat startled and dodg
ed, giving the wheel a whench
which was fatal. The next mo
ment we were sprawling on the
houlevard. Boys take my advice
and never try to kiss a girl while
riding a bicycle."
Subscribe for and read the Lou.
I5INA Poru'usr, $1 a year, in ad
vanIeS.
li