_LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS.
VOL 1. NAT'CtITO('H1EaS I'AI{HSINl, NATCHIITOCHES, LOU INIANA, F'iI)AY. AI.\ IL 2n. 1.8 . N(). ,.
.. ... .. . . . . . .. . .. .. . . .. ..~~_ _- - - - I l l[~~- l nml _ l i i • l I l• l am ldI l l l d • i
G(OVERNMENMT BANKS
tCONVENIENT, PROPITABI.E AND
ALWAYS SAFE.
It Is Plain That the People WIll Never
Tr',%t a I'riale Bank- Imperative
That Another System . Be Inaugu
ra ted.
It should be plain to the most casual
abserver that it is folly to spend time
in discussing what the kind of money
shall be and the volume of money
which is necessary when conditions
are such that the people will hide any
kind of money which may come into
their hands because they have no safe
piilc place in which to put it. The
result of private banking for profit will
al1tyg be scarcity of money, high in
teht. and general suppression of busi
ness, which means idleness and desti
tution to great numbers of people. Uin
less this suspicion against banks can
be overcome there can never be per
manently a sufficiency of money in cir
culation with which to do business.
Though we should double the amount
of coinage and treble the amount of
paper money the failure of a few banks
in the country will cause the people to
withdraw the remaining money from
the banks and send the same complete
ly out of circulation.
It is at such times, when business
shuts down and the working classes
are out of employment, that the poorer
people and the middle classes are com
pelled to sell their property because of
mortgage foreclosure and exorbitant
Interest at immense sacrifice, while the
rich, buying at their own price, rapid
ly double and treble their fortunes.
Evidently the first work of the United
States congress should be to establish
such a system of banking as will In
spire perfect confidence among the
people in its safety. Then all the hid
ing places into the banks and the vol
ume of money wifl be ever abundant.
It is plain that the people will never
implicitly trust a bank which is con
ducted for private profit unless they
can personally have absolute security
on the money they lead the banks.
Bankers who are conducting business
for private gain do not propose to give
bonds to anybody nor security to their
depositors. Such being the case the
fact is imperative that another system
of banking must be inaugurated which
has the confidence of the people. Such
a system is readily possible, and that,
too, with comparatively little expense.
It is simply that the government shall
own and operate the bank. The gov
ernment does not need to invest a dol
lar in the busifess; it simply opens its
room and invites the people to bring
forward their money, which will be
guaranteed against loss. To hasten
the bringing out from its hiding places
the vast amount of money which is
now secreted allow 3 per cent on long
time deposits and the bank immediate
ly fills with good money--people's
money. How easy to get a bank full i
of money.
The next step in the line of reform is L
to establish the rate of interest at 4 t
per cent per annum in all parts of the
country. The cost of postage stamps
is the same in all parts of the United
States. Why should not the rate of in
terest be the same in all portions of i
the union?
The next requisite is to make the
government absolutely secure In the I
loaning of money. That it should be
so the law may Imperatively require
that the security beyond a doubt be I
worth twice what is borrowed as de
termined by frequent careful appraise
ment of property offered as security.
With the government bank estab
liahed under the control of the best
banking talent, under bond and in the I
employ of the government, allowing 3 i
per cent on long-time deposits and .
loaning money at 4 per aent; with all (
money in the bank and in readinems to
be umed, the eect would be as follows:
Jones, wanting $1,000, would go to the I
bank with $2,000 werth of certifed ae
entity, gets $1,000, pays 4 per cent from
the minute It is borrowed, deposiets the I
money, takes a checkbook, and goes
his way to pay all his debts by checks
drawm against his money in the bank,
on which he gets no interest, as he
,tis echecklng it out. Ten persons bor
trowing thus, each panynt 4 per cent,
;would make a 40 per cnt interest rev
enue to the governmeont and in the ag
gtregate over $300,000,000 of govern
meat revenue each year above all ex
peaes.
Such would be the result of the gov- I
emnent doing Its own bakiag.
With the establishment of the gov
ernmnt anking on the lines we have
here outlned It would give to the eoun
try the following nanelal advantage:
L A bak ifull of good money.
2 No reduction in the volume of a
moey becausm all money borrowed
would be lmmedllately depetted ain the .
evernmeont bank.
& Three p eant pa tlme deposits
would landue everybody ito eemis,m a
save ansad use the bank.
4. No mere annoyance to baners a
frm "r's" on their beaks.
& lo more lees of sleep to the hak a
deeustterr team that he will lose the a
meosy be hes depsited in the hat k
6. No mero talk about mney sear
city er a" ight" "eser" e map- I
It. lI
a At! 8tiC pB baplage seal( t
done with checks and nearly r.ll noelj
would be in the bank no more Ioding
up of the after-dark pedestrian, the
stage coach, or tt:' ,ailroad train. No
more burglary or It irder for money.
8. As no further possibility existed
rof theft for money, taxati,d to. keep up
* a large police force could soon be re.
duced mote than one-half.
9. No more losses to the people from
bank failures.
1 10. No more financial panics, shut
ting down business, throwing people
out of work. and bringing destitution
to the working classes.
11. Interest reduced to one-half the
prevailing rate throughout the United
States.
S1.'. \n o portvii.· to alw .ys readily
borrow money if the individual has the
necessary security.
13. A revenue of over $300,000,000
dollars per year to the government
from doing its own banking. which
revenue, expended in the improvement
of roads and the providing of irriga
tion, would give hundreds of thousands
of men employment while carrying for
ward great internal improvements.
The condition of the western farmer
illustrates the situation today. He can
not borrow a dollar from a national
bank on his land. i, ..e needs to bor
row money he must employ a money
broker to find the money for him. To
this broker he must pay a commission
of from 2 to 10 per cent and a full legal
Interest besides. Altogether he is pay
l ing so large an Interest that, after he
has suffered loss from drought, grass
hoppers, and storms and pays his in
terest, he has not a cent left for im
provements.
With the establishment of the gov
ernment bank he is enabled to borrow
money at 4 per cent. He .saves $300
a ye.r, perhaps, in interest, which in
ten years is $3,000. That means a new
house and the employment of men in
the forest in getting out the timber.
the making of brick, quarrying of
stone, the manufacturing of paints,
oils, glass, and hardware: the build
ing. finishing. and furnishing of the
house; In total number from fifty to 150
men, all engaged in an employment, a
new vocation, that does not compete
with anybody else.
This farmer is but one who Improves
his condition through the saving of in
terest. He is but one of tens of thou
sands who will thus give, on farms em
ployment to hundreds of thousands of
workmen. This is but an illustration
of the Improved condition that will
come to the rural districts through
the lowering of interest and the abun
dant regular circulation of money
through the establishment of the gov
ernment bank.
But while the farmers of the coun
try will And benefit the poorer classes
in the cities will experience even
greater relief from the burden of in
terest.
No sooner does a bank fail and start
a financial panic than business in gen
eral shuts down and large numbers of
laboring people are discharged into
idleness. Unable to get employment
in a short time they are compelled to
borrow money to supply pressing ne
cessitles until the time when they can
again have work. This is a terribly
trying period for those who watch
and often vainly wait for weeks or
months before the opportunity offers
again to earn a subsistence for their
families.
It is during this time that the chat
tel-mortgage individual gets in his
work. The poor have no protection.
They are absolutely at the mercy of
the men who prey upon them as vul
tures feast upon the dead on the field
of battle. The man out of work must
have money that his family may live.
He must borrow. He has furniture,
nearly new, perhaps, that cost, we will
suppose, $1,000. A government ap
praiser would mark it worth at forced
sale $600. The government would lend
$300 on that security at 4 per cent per
annum interest But there is no gov
ernment bank to turn to. No bank ex
Ists in the United States, certainly no
so-called national bank can be found,
where the borrower can get a dollar on
his property which he wishes to give as
security. The private money loaner
knows this and is ready to take advan
tage of the situation. After requiring
the borrower to pay all the expenses of
making out papers he charges the vic
tim 5 per cent per month-- per cent
a year.
Under government banking the in
terest charge would be $12 a year;
ander the present system the interest
charge to that man is $180 a year for
the use of $300, which is secured by
new furniture that cost $1,000.
Of course it is but a little while
when the borrower, if he does not get
work, will have all his posessions
eaten up by interest. His mortgage
will be foreclosed and he will have
nothing left.
All this is the result of the present
system of banking for private profit
a system by which the bank fails, be
gets the inancial panle, hides money,
shuts down business, and drives the
poor lanto idleness, suicide, destitution,
and crime. The clearly evident remedy
is a Snanelal system that gives to the
pees  o beak that emanet fail, that hs
so completely the easdeance of the
people that it becomes illed with the
people's money, fllewilg whioh the
f·tarest besses lew. beiness revtves,
an gmresl prgpertt prevals for ni
TUOSIAS U UUli
K .
C·-4 -'
4'
I -
sý" :ýTl ý: " , -ý t
··r r ~ AHF -Denver Re ad.
T  A /t I 1'2 1 1 . T 1 " _ . - - .
THE CLOUDS PASS BY.
THEY DIDN'T MEAN IT AND
PEACE REIGNS
Dr. F'lill Takes Ills Pen in Hand andi
Dl)Isueies the Sltuation--Popullsm Has
I'Paarrld Its Period of l)anger-Now All
is ('Iear ~ialing.
I'opulism has just passed through a
period of crisis and danger. It has
passed through safely-comes out
heart whole and body sound.
Of course every one familiar with the
current literature of these days knows
that a serious effort has been made to
at least modify the people's party plat
form. Whether it failed because the
Reform Press association was stanch
and immovable or because those who
suggested change did not mean it is of
s light consequence. The people's
party remains true to Omaha along gi
gantic lines of reform-and today it is
one united body .
This is a matter of great rejoicing.
And not only because the party re
mains intact and immovable, but be
cause the very men who suggested
change remain true to the pole-star
after the exciting attack and riposte
between apparent factions. Mr. Dun
ning, of the Watchman declares again
his fealty to Omaha. He is, of course.
a strong man, and his journal has a
strong hold upon Populists. That he
will cling with unswerving devotion to
his first love is gratifying to all re
formers. He was terribly severe on
socialists and the reform book makers
of the age. But every one can forgive
him for these attacks, and welcome
i him to fraternity. It was an hour of
supreme temptation. The two gigan
tic carcasses, or party Dagons. had be
gun to smell in the nostrils of the
world, and a parting between the toiler
and the pawnshop was at hand. De
mocracy was wrecked. Now came an
opportunity for the great movement to
yield its identity and sink into the
lesser sea of storm-swept democracy,
and win-win not our elemental princl
ples-bu~ t power.
The great abyss which has swal
lowed up party after party, and disap
pointed humanity for ages yawned be
forb us-at the bottom gilded prom
ises for the office seeker. Victory was
almost sure by yielding to the dissatis
fled of the old parties, deserting our
platform; and taking up an issue
foreign to our substrat' constitution
the silver issue! And, to urge us on
to this dangerous course, we were told
that the other reforms would come
after-that as soon as one issue was
settled they would take up another!
When, in all the cycles of political his
tory, has that promise been kept?
Never. It Is impossible to keep it.
Again, through struggling years of op
pressive warfare, and amid sacrificial
tears, would the new party have to be
organized-run the gantlet of the
same dangeas and temptations-brave
the same abuse and meet the same
tyrannic dogmatism-before the second
reform could be brought to a consum
mation by another new party. Gener- I
ations pass away in these almost hope
less efforts. But thank God, over, and
over, and over again, the gulf was safe
ly crossed-the party saved-and it
Is saved Intact, with every man faith
fully returning to his duty and his toil.
And what next? Why, the silver
democrats at once organize a fourth
party! Yes, and at its very birth it
staggers to its grive. It announces
that it is not a party, after all! It
declares that if either of the old par- I
ties will nominate a silver coiage man
on a free coinage plank, this new bant
ling will -rease to ezist. Great God, I
whatatarce! And was ittosucha fraud
a this that the people's party was to be I
tied? Thank God, over and ore agailn,
that "popull popoulrua." F alad 5 5o* I
5'-
to Omaha. The "new party' died a
bornin'. It is now dead. B:ing dead
it leases nothing to bury. Silvcr ccin
age is not an issue. A w rung, a bar
j baric garniture of historic crime, can
never become an issue in the progres
Isive history of man. Silver coinage
may be a temporizing "policy" of deal
dt ing with a mighty- issue of self-lank
I* ing national credits. But the real issue
I to-day, upon which parties must build,
or expire. ;n this: Shall the miserable
fiction of a metal currency remain at
all? The secret, unwritten, unspoken
a but tangible spirit of populism--shriek
ing and moaning from the million ave
t 'nues of Wrong's hecatomb--cries No!
Aye, it sits tupon the throne builded
e by the I Am, when Yesus and Iris were
a only graven upon Serapian rock--and
o cries out for the day and hour w ben
populism shall destroy the crime of
e metal money. Populism declares fir
h a standard based upon toil, and the Bub
o strat of that toil is the imperishable,
f and unhidable, arid unspendable, and
a Immovable value which comes from
- this tremendous dogma:
e Not a dollar of wealth was ever pro
duced on earth which did not come
from the tilling of the soil! The crisis
is passed. The "new silver party" is
born and stranded.
r A BLACKMAILING SCHEME.
- What a Great Democrati- Paper Say
1 of the Bond Swindle.
We presume that the cuckoos who,
against their own convictions, may feel
e themselves compelled to defend Mr.
Cleveland's gold bond scheme, will
claim that if the scheme had been in
i dorsed by congress, it would have re
a suited in a saving to the people of
a $16,000,000 during the next thirty years.
The answer to this is that the whole
scheme, in its intention and concep
tion, was in the nature of a blackmail
ing operation in the interest of the ele
ment that is growing rich out of the
increased purchasing power that the
single gold standard is conferring on
the money they are hoarding. The
representatives of the people refused to
permit their constituents to be black
mailed, and that is the end of the mat
ter so far as this congress is concerned.
The alternative proposed to congress
by Mr. Cleveland may be very simply
stated. In effect he said: "You gentle
men seem to be opposed to the single
gold standard. Very well. If you don't
accept it for at least thirty years, I
propose to levy an additional tax of
$16,000,000 on the people that they
would not have to pay if you would ac
cept gold monometallism for thirty
years."
That was the ultimatum, and if con
gress had accepted It, that body would
have gone down to history as the most
infamous assembly of representatives
that ever pretended to represent the
people.
To save $16,000,000 in the course of
thirty years, the people's representa
tives were asked to indorse a scheme
that would have tied the country to
gold monometallism. The country has
already lost untold billions by the op
erations of this system, and while $1,- I
000,000 might have been saved by ac
cepting the blackmallipg conditions I
proposed to congress, the people would
have lost billions in the further shrink- I
age of values and prices and in the I
general depression of business occa- I
sloned by making gold the only unit of 4
account and measure of value.
The Constitution regrets that there I
was even one Georgia congressman i
ready to indorse this scandalous propo
sition, and, at the same time, thanks I
heaven that there was only one. With
the sole exception of Mr. Turner the
representatives of the people of Georgia
in congress. stood by the interests of a
their constituents and by the prin- I
ciples of their party. This fact shows I
that all the efforts that have bee, made
to induce Georgia's representatives to B
indorse the finaclal views of John
herman and the republicans, havrea
I ep tuttle,--Atlsata Colstt|etitS t
Twentl-SNeen ( ent* a L"ay.
3 A commission composed of Murray
Shipley, chairman. Cincinnati chamber
- of conmmer(e: W.. . Akins, for Cleve
2 land chamber of commerce; J. F. Ogle
- vie, for ('olumbus chamber of com
a mnerce; \V. Ii. Porter, for Toledo chain
- her of commerce, has been investigat
- ing the condition of the coad miners in
a the Htocking Valley (O)hio) district and
in a recent report to (ov. McKinley
declare that the average wages of these
t coal miners is 27 cents a day!
MI ind you. this does not come from
calamity-howling Populists. but from
- representatives sent out by the cham
bers of commerce in the leading cities
I of Ohio. It is not likely that this com
3 mission has reported the condition of
I the miners any worse than really ex
1 ists and, therefore must conclude that
t the report is true.
r Think of it! Twenty-seven cents a
- day! The magnificent sum of $1.62 a
sveek! A princely income of $84.24 a
1 year! Support a family on this! Think
of the luxuries a family can indulge on
an income of such magnitude!
Seriously, friends, what do you think
of this? Is it not astounding to think
of such conditions being imposed upon
workingmen in free America? We
say imposed, for it is the avarice and
greed of the coal operators that force
these men to work for worse than star
vation wages.
If this was an isolated case some
excuse might be found for it, but labor
all over this country is gradually be
ing pressed to that point. The cupid
ity of the capitalistic classes on the
one hand and the stupidity of the
masses on the other are making such
conditions possible.
Oh,why will not laboring men arouse
from their lethargy and shake off this
incubus of capitalism? Why be slaves
when they can so easily be freemen?
Why do millions drink the bitter dregs
of poverty, misery, sorrow, and woe
when they only to be men-brave,
courageous men-to throw it all off?
Such conditions are the results of
wrong voting and in no other way can
they be removed except by right vot
ing. So long as laboring men vote for
candidates and measures suggested by
capitalists so long will labor be in the
toils, as now.
We have been voted into these anom
alous conditions and the ballot is the
only peaceful remedy to lead the peo
ple out.
Slow Do You Vote?
Do you think that our revolutionary
fathers would have gained justice at
the hands of King George III. and hil
nobles if they had sat down and waited,
instead of agitating and organizing?
Do you think they would have made
any headway by voting and fighting for
men who believed in kingship? Not
much. It took lots of agitation to
arouse the sluggards among them, but
it did not take a tenth as much blood
shed by British hirelings as has al
ready been shed by monopoly hirelings
in the United States of Monopoly. So
long as men will vote for parties that
protect monopolies by law, so long will
the distress and horrors now prevail
ing continue. There can be no other
result. Every vote cast for the old
parties is a vote to place the officers,
militia, army and navy at the disposal
of corporations to shoot down Ameri
can workers who have been starved
into violence. To support the old
parties bhas just the same effect as the
support the tories gave King George Ill.
Are you, a workingman, wise to sup
port those who live in kingly splendor I
off your toil?--Coming Nation.
The Globe-Democrat says: "The
new bonds are in strong demand as a
basis of circulation." Certainly; that
is ona of the things for which they
wurs issued. The object of the con
spiracy s18 a perpetual debt, upon which
banks can furnish money to the people
and draw interest on both bond spd d
the amesy they urnias i
THE HULI"T EI-S STORY
TELLS HOW HE WAS STRICKEN
WITH PARALYSIS.
Pars Peet W:s Oner of the I'dioneers Is
'reas. I.ivei There 62 I'.ars.
(From the P,-t. Iiueiton,h TeXl'x )
of thlis .pr nn l , p1 l. lar dr rn-.
mer tn fr rn ,r' . ' , ;:ie, fur a
drive a,' ,re s ,', , [:lr', t. r-,I, ".,r on
busines f.r his 1,p .r aii I it , ,Iri::nmier
to sell g i...Il l !n ti , ll l ft :ip th.'
heari th. report of a sh, t lzia. i "l is ., h
Ezra P.,t mi r. frl it \oh .d ith i
his d..g Tl'he lrmiruner kr, hiin "}.,V
anr Iaking wlº r, rfilly j .- . si, t:0h
drumrnir, how arn. tihe iti .
"That's all right artl I ,nm riglt glad
to tell you anl! that r!.,\i ,l er ri, : n: d
of yours what ro :: lt :I all t hii l ha ing,
In me"' s.ti.t Mr I'.,t. , h.1 t . a
s-at on a f.lln Iti ah, ,l.n, ,ur ui zggy.
"Sixty-two yours I plin. ,t 'i xas,
seven of which I hay.; ' ne1 l it in .n Il'r
farm. tin.e lay while 5ittinIg in my hlair
I grew dizzy, f. ll I ,. h iii, out
of it, partly lost my p-."m r ,o -po,
fur a time, and, to he rif. I wis takent
with a strike n f paral yst. in niv l.,ft
side For ni ,tths andl 1,.is my wife
purchased medi.,ln s if all kin"Is f.r -re
I took then regul,trlv. but t., no a ill
an I had give n up all ho1,, ,.f ev,-r b.ig
relieved of my su'fering it tin I i as
requested to ius. Iir. VWilliami" I'inlt
Pills. When I sent f-r thLai I was
suffering intens. ,tllts in nvy ,left stat,
feeling absolutely worthit ..as ,.m ::ially
and *uffered a loss in n"y \n.ight if
about twenty pounds To ti11 i , u *hs
truth I had no faith in It,,i w,.. n
they came. fir had I n,,t spir.t mto.ney
after money without rece.iing a parti le
of benefit. But I chang. dI my ni.in I ere
I had taken the contents of the first tx
for I felt a constant anl dl,'ild Im
provement all around and ove.ry l,,'m.
her of my family nutico, it also. I kept
on Improving every day, by and by I
could walk as well as over, just as you
aee me here, and all this was accom
plished by taking the cintents of
about half a dozen ',ox.-s of the
Pills according to diroetions N ,w I
keep them in our medicine ch 'h,.- t the
time and would not he w 'hout them
under any circumsta,res i witfe has
been taking the pills lately owing to
the weak condition of her system ard
she, too, claims that they are bloeltit
ing her right along. Yes, sir. to l)r.
Williams' Pink Pills I certainly ittrt
butle the change for the better you see
in me today and ant ready to recorm
imend them as a great ron,-dy in CasrS
for which they are intend.id. Fir the
benefit of the sick I am glad to say
something on every occasion at-but
these wonderful pills."'
Dr. Willams' Pink Pills contain all
the elements necessary to give new life
and richness to the blood and restore
shattered nerves. They are for sale by
all druggists, or may be had by mail
from Dr. Willams' Med. Co.. Schenec
tady, N. Y .. for 50c. per box, or six
boxes for $2.50.
If Not, Why Not.
A physician points out that several
fallacies are common with regard to
the weight of the human body. The
man who congratulates himself on
his gain of several pounds in weight
over a given period may have no
cause for rejoicing, for he may be
under a delusion. Very few persons,
says this investigator, have any cor
rect idea of their own weight. As a
matter of fact the weight of the body
is continually changing, owing to in
numerable influences. On a warm
day after breakfast a man will lose
a third of a pound per hour.
Seventy per cent of the body consists
of water, and its weight varies con
stantly. The inference to bh drawn
from the loss or gain of a pound or
two may be mistrusted. Fluctuations
of a few onces are a sign that the
body is in a healthy state.
A Bigi Time.
On June 1 the city of New York
will celebrate the opening of the lHar
lem ship canal, an enterprise with
which it has been struggling since
i 1829. The canal is eight miles long,
350 feet wide and 15 feet deep, and
has cost $3,000,000. It connects the
East and Hudson rivers at the upper
end of the city, and saves thirty miles
to vessels descending one river and
ascending the other.
Itow She Learnoed.
In 1572 somebody sent ('atherine
de Medici a box of powdered tobacco
leaves. She acquired a taste for the
herb. both chewing and snutting, or
rather smelling it, and for many
years the plant was called in France
*'herbe de la reine."
Moonllight.
The moon's light has been found to
be about 300,000 less than that of the
sun, and, according to Prof. Young,
a sky completely covered with full
moons would give only one-eighth of
the light we get from the sun. It
thus seems Improbable that the moon
has any appreciable meteorological
influence.
SLngular.
Six near relatives of G(eorge II.
MlcCamon of Biddeford, .Me.. met \io
lent deaths -the father, grandfather,
two brothers and two couisins.
Very l'owerful.
P'hotography is now more powerful
than the eye intelescopic work, and
the phenomena of eclipses are in
creasing in importance. 'IThe possible
discovery of a satellite to our moon
has been agitated of late. ana it would
be no more surprising thian to lind
that the familiar atmosi,,cio has an
lmportant element that ·s'Iapei ob
servation until a .'fw Iollulth, ago
T'he comting era of larger tt'rse-a id
improved photography will pr!,obaly
reader the mooo an object of 'etuarg
able &treeL