Rich
Red Blood
Is the foundation of health. The way to
have Rich, Red, Healthy Blood is to take
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
nood's PIIl cure all Liver Ills. 25 cents.
ASK YOUR DEALER FOR
W. L. DOUCLAS
s3. SHOE BEoRIT HE
If you pay S4 to Sd for shoes, ex
amine the \W. L. Douglas Shoe, and 2
see what a good shoe you can buy for  
OVER 100 STYLES AND WIDTHS,
CONGRESS, BUTTON,
and LACE, made in all
kinds of the beat selected
leather by skilled work
men. We
make and
sell more
$3 Shoes
than any
other
manufkhetrer in the world.
None genuine unless name and
price is stamped on the bottom.
Ask your dealer for our 65,
04, 68.0, s3.5, 805.25 Shoes;
0S.80, S2 and 61.75 for boys.
TME I SUTITIT. If yourdealer
cannot supply you, send to fac
tory, enclosing price and 36 cents
to pay carriage. State kind,style
of toe (.ap or plain), size and
width. Jur Custom Dept. will fill
your order. Send for new Illus
trated Catalogue to Box R.
W. L. DOUCLAS, Brockton, Mass.
IFRRY5
SEEDS
Pret seds grow
paytlgeropa Perfect eeds
arenotgrown bychance. Noth
Ing teever left to chance In grow.
ing Perry't eeds. Dealenrll
them everywhere. Write for
FERRY'8
SEED ANNUAL
be 1860. Brimful of yaluable
laefrmsationabout btand new.
tseeds. Free by maiL
. II. FERnr CO.,
CO. obaeiat be world's
Ilu bealo beae sIt hm reduced the ost of
W1G111fetoe t w.y1 it w t w has uanm branch
sse and suppliesr Its goods and repaiLrs
al Imr door. It can and does frmarsh a
beaer article for less money than
others It makes Pumplng and
Geared, Steel, odaanemd-after
mpOITtHI an iKlndnIO il Tilting
eP al ames, Steel reed Ctters and eed
" r dlers. On appllcation It will name one
f tihese articles that it will furnish unUl
van" r~ t m p nbo mtea price.r It also makes
, Pump. at all ad Send fe taingue.
ft .f t UmaweI aU Pi Sers et.s, C bkm
Prpulist Nevspaprs
ARE YOU THINKING OF STARTING ONE?
Wri(~ to the war m I, , waarms Sirox for samplie
sOtheir Populist pages, is rely-prini or platei This
I the ereial National Reform Proe Association mat.
tr, farldeed through a contract with the N. a P. A.
ead edited by I Secretary. The N. R. P. A. seres
es twice mucb Popa st mautter weekly as can be
ebheid ftm say other sores. In additiUo, the
Wr*m Iarrars C ms feurlishm Single Tax mit.
tr, laor Mes, ad Dsily Telegraph Plate Servile
rbe pleelabor aIes, mori, o ngdl or evening. This
lud tlhe gal I only regular Populist ('ar.
tees sr. Icr ramples, terms and full particulars,
well i TERN IWSlPAPR t'INION, Cu"crA. at.
leon, Deuao, Kasea CIT, Dne I-oem, O-aat
Iaos. Wisrmas, Dw..Js or Durms. Address the
near" case Vrrteraaly yours,
W. S. MORGAN.
iee Nati.a le erem fTreess Aamelatlo..
W U DALLAS. 1-96
Whe Answering Advetisementi Kindly
Mention this Paoe.
(CEN
I
ir
PLUG
Ilar est piece, of
o t_ bacco
:-Q-d f, Qents
i: .
A court story comes from London.
It happened in the lord chief justice's
court the other day. A telegram had
been addressed to a solicitor who was
engaged in the court and intrusted to a
small hoy messenger. The youngster.
seeing the name "Lord ('hief Justice"
on the cover, coolly marched up on the
Ienc.h. and tapped his lordship on the
hboulder. TI'he court held its breath to
ee' what would be the consequence of
this imprudent assault upon the majes
ty of the law. But the rafters were
I not riven, and the youthful offender
was not removed in manacles to purge
Iis c'ontempt of court. Lord Russell
contented himself with mildly waving
the intruder back to his prolr place.
I'The' small boy know his business. lhe
had taken notes a,fore~ from thl' same
lparty to his legal and learned wool
sac'k nibs.
lie Got In.
A special cor'respondent founnd him
,,..f shut out from a London newspaler
,tlice in Fleet street. and unable to
smake himself heard by any one within.
Ilis errand would not wait till morning.
11hat should he do? lie went to the
'nitral telegraph station and telegraph
.ed to a newspalx.r oftlie in Ireland.
askingr the clerk there to telegraph
to the clerk in Fleet street to
come down stair's and let him (the cor
resloendent) in. \Love laughs at lock
sumiths. it is said; but the ambitious
newspaper correspondent must have a
regular Billy Kersands Lohengrin for
them, they are so easy.
Tthi combination of observin; school marmn's
s·nlsitive young men and grammatical errors,
creates lots of ole maids.
The man a ho keeps a closed mouth is never
miislquoted.
Both the method an results when
Syrup of Figs is taken; it is pleasant
and refreshing to the taste, and acts
gently yet promptly on the Kidneys,
Liver and Bowels, cleanses the sys
tem effectually, dispels colds, head
aches and fevers and cures habitual
constipation. Syrup of Figs is the
only remedy of its kind ever pro
duced, pleasing to the taste and ac- 1
ceptable to the stomach, prompt in
its action and truly beneficial in its
effects, prepared only from the most I
healthy and agreeable substances, its
many excellent qualities commend it I
to all and have made it the most
popular remedy known.
Syrup of Figs is for sale in 50 c
cent bottles by all leading drug- a
gists. Any reliable druggist who e
may not have it on hand will pro- v
cure it promptly for any one who v
wishes to try it. Do not accept any
substitute.
CAUFOIRN FO9 STRgP C,
wd A 11edI w . CAL. D
Samai _ a aura r - et
The John A. Salzer Seed Co.., of La
s Crosse, Wis., have recently purchased
I the complete catalogue trade of the
a Northrup, Braslan, Goodwin Co., of
a Minneapolis and Chicago. This gives
the Balzer Seed Co. the largest cata
logue mail trade in the world and they
e are in splendid shape to take care of
same, as they have recently completed
their mammoth new seed houses. The
1896 catalogue is just out and the
largest ever issued. Sent to any ad
dress for 5 cents to cover postage.
The Bicycle's Rights.
Andrew IRehm. the driver of an ice
wagon in Brooklyn. ran into a bicycle
owned by Siwncer (. ('rane recently.
while it was standing uprig:ht against
Sthe gutter, in the alc.,et of the owneri
who was in a neighis ring store..and
damaged it. Mr. ('ramn sued the driv
er, and ,Judge Neu said: "The owner
of the wheel was not Ihmnd to take it
out of the, gutter: it was not negligence
on his part to leave it their: the wheel
had as much right in the gutter as the
wagon." hMen who are selti.-h, and who
have whee'l in their head,. will learn
in due time that the hiyevle riders have
rights that ice-wagion eitizells are com
lplled to reIslet.
Saves a Fortune.
Monterey. Tenn., (Speclal)-One of
our prominent citizens here, Col. James
E. Jones. secretary and treasurer of the
Cumberland Mountain Coal Co., is on
the high road to make his fortune, and
attributes the fact to his recent cure
from the tobacco habit. lie was an I
inveterate user of tobacco for many
years, consuming so much as to make
serious inroads on bath his purse and
his health. One l-ox of No-To-Bac com
pletely cured him, and he gained seven
pounds in less than two weeks. Within
three days after starting to use No-To
Bac the desire for tobacco was entirely
gone. Col. Jones says to all tobacco
ubers that No-To-Bac will do as recom
mended and is worth by far more than
its weight in gold.
A Place to Live Long.
It is noticed that there scenm. to is'
an increase of longevity the world over,
and a centenarian is no longer much of
a curiosity. An instance in lpoint is
that of a centenarian party given at
Lexington, Ky., recently, by James M.
Hall, aged 101 years, but as sprightlyvI
as though but 60. Mr. llall stated
that the combined ages of himself and
four brothers and sisters was i63
years. He has outlived four wives.
It should be remlbered. however, that I
the air and food is gol in the blue I
grass region, and that the drinking
fluid is exceptionally tlie.
Age has deformities enough of its
own; do not add the deformity of vice.
Such as thy words are. such will thy
affections be: such thy deeds as thy
affections; such thy life as thy deeds.
The best of men who ever wore J
earth about him was a meek, patient.
humble, tranquil spirit; the first true
gentleman that ever breathed.
Only as each man or each woman
performs his or her personal duty in
any department of life can that de
partment be lifted to a higher plane.
WHERE DID YOU GET THIN COFFEE? C
Had the Ladies' Aid Society of our
Church out for tea, forty of them, and t
all pronounced the German Coffeeberry t
equal to Rio! Salzer's catalogue tells a
you all about it! 35 packages Earliest C
vegetable seeds $1.00 post paid. a
I youea will at this out and send f
with 15c. stamps to John A. Salzer Seed p
Co., La Crosse, Wis., you will get free a a
package of above great coffee seed and i
our 148 page catalogue! Catalogue alone o
5c. .n t
He Knew.
A flashy shopkeeper who does not
advertise, put up a placard in his win
dow, saying: "Great bargains here!
Don't go anywhere else to be cheated:" st
He was on to himself.
Orsids Fast.
The Chicago divorce mill ground out u
100 divorces in three hours the other
day. It was worked by five judges, b
who averaged a divorce apiece every to
nine minutes.
Could Not Qualify.
A justice of the peace elected in a
Missihsippi has not been able to qualify
because hlie had failedt to pay his taxes
on time. A man might as well not be 01
elected to office if he has to pay taxes di
like other people.
You will not find one spnng poet in fifty C
who does not need liver medicine. pi
WEDDING BELLS. C
The marriage laws in Australia are i
becomling quite strict. A marriage
there has been declared void because to
the bride had deceived the husband
by stating that she was fifteen years
younger than her age.
"The Bachelors' Ready Marriage
club,"an organization designed for
the purpose of providing the neces- d
sary funds for any member who de
sires to be married, is in progress of
formation in New York.
Two old slaves, John Thompson,
mged s85 years, and Kitty Owens, 70
years old, ware married at Loauisville,
the other day. They were lovers pre
vious to the war, but from that time
ntil a short time ago they had not
seen each other.
Count De Roussillon would have no
married persons in his service, for all
that his bailiff had got married secret
ly, and it was some years before the
count found it out. lHowever, as he
did not wish to part with him, he pre
tended not to know One day the
count, who was supposed to have gone
to Paris, returned home suddenly,
and found his bailiff playing with
three little children. "Whose chil
dren are those?" he asked roughly,
frowning. "Sir. they are my brother's
nephewa" The count could not re
press a smile at this peat reply. But
remarked seriously:. ,'Oh, ladesel!
T-at b all rigt, t, a."
L ea witabhle Skry b~rttag.
An odd and amusing lawsuit come
i up for trial soon in Minnesota betweet
f two farmers. (One of them, nameni
s Sidencranz, desir' i to get inarriod
- but hail no time to go a cour'ting
Knowing that his ft iend Schmidt wa,
a wile\ tan arlld one ,u'r'sed in vwomanl'
!wa s, he hired him to do his lI\"
making for him. Schmidt ?,aw in tIt
otffer an opportunlity of earining lr gt.
fee, and at the sarime time' of gettiii
rid of his sitcr-in-law. 11e, therfir,
laid the matter before the young wo
mnan and pllhaded the cause of the ai.
scent and busv Sidencr'anz with su.lei
eloquienee that the girl consent-,I tI
niarry him. lThe proslpcltiv' Irde
t groorn took a half day WfT. was intro
tlucetld ti, iher. ihey "it-i.ed" 'ah ot h:it
Stip amn were ri arriedi. 'chiiildt vainll
. str'.ck thle happiy '1groom fort the lita,
lie hald b,,,n pro!mii-"d for doin, thl,
SoUtl'rtini.. and. a- .ilsrniratuiz 'r, efti-ed
to pay. he ha:, ' i'oullht .-nit for the
i.intiunt. It tus i- that .Schli i.lt utk
to'i itu]c . "This i . l aa ,a ,aI.. If
S`lnrtildt hadi (,t fiirnitr'e, intttad iof
a ý--i'-trin-law, -o id-encr'ua,.. he null
hae, talkn tihe ioods back: tilt it i
Itoo lret Ilnor:. Tihle 1 e . ui- ' ll allt h~ a'l,:
tratld h1 y a r olilittth,e who rlill-t it'
vitit . h l r luch it is wortlih to a ntll l to
have thoe \omlinll h, is ! nli lrrl t, ,.il
eod by anot hlr fi hlow.
te h, I'hsaw,
There is oine' failtous whit.' Lete at
the tnllih.s of ire w\hih'h i- -II'plposdl to
lIe gifted with .iU lplrnatuiral lnw-,'e..
Actordin'' to thit' to.ri,-s cutrrnt in
Japan, ihe has a gool deal to do with
the warlike miat ters of tite, ,.mpire, an l
after th Maits uia Irehollilln ht disap
peared and did not collie back for
three days.
A belle of C(hi'an o hasl in urrielt a
Jap, and is happy. Now a st. Ltouis
girl is ginollr to marry an Indian. It
is not easy to throw St. ,ontis down on
t Ile. St. I.oui has jult had a brewery
welding that has made ('hicaao gr'. 'n
with envy.
"The Melancholy Days Hlave Comeli
The saddest of the year." not when autuimn
has arrived, as poet Iuryant intimrates, but
when a fellow gets billous The "'s.re and
telhlw leaf'i is in hiscomplexion if not in ith
foliage at hat in ausplcious time Ih stetter's
-torita h Blitters will soon discirldine hs re'l1
otlns itl er, and reguilate hlis hotels. t"-ih tt eo s
tonine his stomach and healthfully tillunat
ini its ki lneys. !alal.ria. rhem atis l andll
nervousness are also relieved by the Bitters.
If Christianity can't make a gentleman of a
man, there is no hope.
Theret Is pleasure and profit
I and no mall arl ti fact:,n in ab ating tri tb;e omi
anid painflul ills try itnut iar.ir t ti er Tuil .
If you Woil ti ; " ,-illt , t''li f-llt, lay with
zhildren.
It is se e:isy to remove Cirns w.th Hinder
that we wolecr s') m niy wtil endure them. Get
Ltindercurns an I see how nicely it taes them off.
Love may be blind, but it can see a run
jown shoe a block otf.
"BRowN's BnoNtnIrAL Tironr' s"are a siImple
tind convenient rena'dy for ronchial Affect iors
rud Coughs. Carry themn in your pocket.
If the Bible is reaJ much, it will always be
found new.
"100 Reward, >100.
The readers of this paper will he
pleased to learn that *,bere is at least
one dreadet] disease tnat s-tence has
been able to cure in all its stages. and
that Is Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Cure ts
the only positive cure now known to
the medical fraternity. Catarrh 'b-tLng
a constitutional disease rSqulres a con
stitutional treatnrent. Halls Catarrh
Cure is taken internally. acting directly
upon the blood and mucous surfaces of
the system, thereby destroying the
foundation of the disease and giving the
patient strength by building up the con
stltution and assisting nature In doing
its work. The proprietors have so much
faith in its curative powers that they
offer One Hundred Dollars for any case
that it fails to cure. Send for list of
testimonials. Adlress
F. J. J. CHENEY & CO. Toledo, O.
Sold by druggists; 75c.
hlall's Family Pills, 25c.
It takes a barden to develop one's real
strength.
HIGon PRICE FOR POTATOES.
The John A. Salzer Seed Co., La
Croese, Wis., pay high prices for new
things. They recently paid $300 for a
yellow rind watermelon, $1,000 for 30
bu. new oats, $300 for 100 lbs. of pota
toes, etc., etc.! Well, pricesm for pota
toes will be high next fall. Plant a
plenty, Mr. Wideawake! You'll make
money. Salzer's Earliest are fit to eat
in 28 days after planting. His Cham
pion of the World is the greatest yielder
on earth and we challenge you to pro
duce its equal.
If you will send 1 cents in stamps
to the John A. Salzer Seed Co., La
Crouse, Wis., you will get, free, ten
packages grains and grasses, including
Teosnlte, Spurry, Giant Incarnate
Clover, etc., and our mammoth cata
logue. Catalogue 5c. for mailing. w.n.
Sudden popularity is one of the severest
easts of character that can come to a man.
0 ... . . " lr else placeof Old teli4able
SPIKIE'S MAIOLIA.
f firnt write vu and we will In.
SI - tform youhow to t It. Acek
Drs.Maybe and Mustbe. writ na sad we .xl rl
Sledged to b se
o ·OaeL aU, 40.
HAIR BALSAM
tnd bytolungr Ite owt.
e choose the old doctor before the young one. Whys o estore
Because you don't want to entrust your life in ncexperienced .. tpti d,,tto
hands. True, the young doctor may be experienced. But __
the old doctor must be. Yaou take no chances with Dr. Maybe, patents, Trade-Marks,
when Dr. Mustbe is In reach. Same with medicines as with M
medlcnle makers - the long-tried remedy has your confidence. Examination and Advice a to Pst nta bUty b O
Invention. b..nd for " Invntor s ide, or How to 0,1
You prefer experience to experiment--when you are concerned. ar~nam" rar, s O7AlraLT. wrAaEaL. 3 .
The new remedy may be good - but let somebody cie prove WHY DON'T YOU BUY CORN?
It. The old remedy must be good - Judged on Its record of pRODUCERS s. your product and write to u. for
tho a to m oazl e b ety ot the p.
cures. Just one more reason for choosing AVER'S Sarsa- n S. pe tes ro of bU carLn. Intorma.
pargla in preference to any other. It has been the standard _ ,o.nd 8o ot.l, Uoe. ma.nnt.
household sarsapurilla for half a century. Its record inspires AmlEll Moor blne Habit Cared to 10
caSdMece - 50 year. of cures. If others may be good, g u o d RP.J. 20 PiEllo d.
Ayer's Saraparilla must be. Youe take no chances when you
take ATERS W5 sapartla,
toue,1
A NOVEL TRAVELING EXHIBIT.
d The John A. Salzer Fceu Co., La Crosse, Wis., always on the alert for soma
. thing good, have *:ruck a novel idea to introduce, exhibit and advertise the.ir
famou.; northern Frown s,,ds. 'This is ldone by means of an advertising car, an
illustration threnof a l,!p ars herewith. This far is in rh,itgo of three ex'p rt.
who are thoroughly fa:miliar and vered iith seed growing. The car it,side and
out Is a marv'el of b' anty and clogatnce and is lit out regardless of cost and is
being run and exhil
Stted in Wisconsin, II
`` - linois, Iowa, Minne
: sota, and other states.
Upon entering it, one
is transported at once
into a Very fairyland
0 at- where flowers and
vines and foraga and
fruits and \ g."tables
lluxutriate aitl a;bolund
' int g'': at a !unlaanee.
Of t mo'e tihe great
spn tialti's w h i c h
have m:id,, the John
TIHE SA.\LZER SEElD EXHIIBIT C.R. 1. i de o.
r men, such as fine vee 't!ales and veg, table ltelsetl', rehllxhited1 to perfection,
I and then there is an i il'ss array of farm seed::, corn::, eh;eats . oats, r'e, bharly.
I sand l etch, lupine, lathyris. sacaline, amber (.ne, ka1fir cotin. .1, rv liin torn
and hulndredls of oihler \ariic ics of s els aItl crolps oni exhibition. Part: rlar
notice Is due to their marvelous coll..tion of heavy cropping potatoes, their
- $1,000 cat, just iapo: tel from Itussia, and Silver King barley, cropping in 5-00
different pIlaces ii America in I9j,5u, over 100 bulshels per arre.
The car is iitl dail y I t hundred.. yea we may :isay tIhutands of people,
and nothing sro catl hIs t he eye and riivets the attention of the farmer than the
great bed of d!iffernlt valijeties of gr:tsses, clot rs and fodder plants that are
exhibited in one end of the car, or as one great dairyman of Elgin. III . sail upon
seeing Ilbis :m7nLt:ificent display of gras-es, "I lhae s, en the Worl.'s Fair and
Barnum's ('irctus. but this exhibit beats them all'"
It is only possible in a newspaper article to give but a fint idea of the
beauty and attractivenr:s of this car. It must e sooeen to bei appreciated but it
only strengllthens the idea amongst farmiers and other: that a firm that can
exhibit such excel!nt products, grown from their own e cs. on their own farms,
Is the firm to tie to when you want choice northern grown ser is. Seeds that
never disappoint! They I-sie a large catalogue of farm andl vegetable seeds
which is mailed to any address upon receipt of 5 cents, for o.:;t;.eo.
Illint~ltlr·jll' l~L~ it , ' ll ifa~l I .Ii(~'
Ai ' *r fi N' to-kf 'f isc l ltr
li rat.' I an - r i
iilo il'. -10 tlI' -"'rl t .11 a l 111 1 a --i". l'
III IM Ili "" . k11 I 1' ..
1illai titi t., ti.ll~t.t1· I i \- · I'll It'd .ad
I' tt l " lit~d t~jVt. l' ~ti etltalI
ro.al I i '."xi+ ,. al air:I o f C\(jUr him
t'iii'ei"v he ll'p1)ic:; WIllcn lI spe ak
fl l l I turn to thl e -.'voter from
Ohio as the~ .M n'i *uan turnsi' tow~ards
.Mecca. I t u'n 11 hm as~ I do to thou
I' iglli,1l ('Oulilonf lawv. is ta' " ovid s
iflo~t Coljioul f,'uititnu of hliti l jo11 i0
j1'od4-. a ' 'Ii: !' K' it d on-'.0. -"n
ate loruko in', a .l° ::t,' nl .l an i
the fit i~l'litli "".. Il" i. u ii a lit ii'. It
.- Iy P ii pI Za-'irl' to be co:iipliunente'l,
Itut too I)0 41111i'In^ltlt a- at lawyer In'
Iloscoe ( il~nkin 1 ttat aa pra0.e, in
dee 1. Ik.e twio '.1 *tl','' n were tilo
be-t of fri.' I itand r"'lv enjovcdl
each others so ia'nt V-tih'"n -off*' duty'.
The. (Voili"v 'o llaj i fao'.n' in Sey
monr,'. nii. r'.' nlt I ha 1112 awayI*
Several totlE.. 4'f '' Ill plins and made
of them a ~ljwalk in front of hisF
llot0.. Ill' ex s v' -i -i. ()nnf as thlese
useful inip],1 'nit- rvt an l are pound
ed down tr hao l, the fini't pavement
in tile T'nt"I E.' ..
It atteirs little of how
lon; standing the pain
has been;chronic cases
yield readily to
and RHEUMATISM of many years' standinghasbeencured by it.
i"SAY BOSSI Them People
Won't Take This
oap-They Want
SCLAIRETfE
SOAP"
Everybody wants Clairette
/ Soap who knows the good
ness of it. Try it once and
you will refuse all other
kinds, too. Sold everywhere.
Made only by
ST E l. K. FAIRBANK COMPANY,
S ar. -Iv'.
<CROC RIES
,t . a:,l a ro- hn a i I fia - all a n..-, and
FITI--A',t F,~tstor pe rreeMI tr. Iline' nrcle
ler R teror r. ('I ,t.rl- 'l- · ,1111, I' .ii. ,A u.
~\i.en there is lid.t on the lh,,iii te, AII1
i very nIat to Ie wr in the heart n :l.n-t 1th
ernmon on th!1: rimiit.
It the aly la. Cuttiog Teeth.
-
NerveRLeO sor.r. F n : >: b r r 'I 1,." ren T hi.1I,
Man fattei,- uis ',,ai y nte" I s of i i'i'b
vut there  in.e tE ,f h erile ;em '* at
fatte n an .i a, nn.l t
1can recr:nmetni.n.r rs< C4nro for Con
sulllltion to Uferers from Asthma.--E. D.
''Tow.Lzva. , Ft. lHoward, \Vis., May 4, 'AN.
The devil is the ,:ly gainer ohen a bhpo
crite a,:ns the church.
"':nson's M'agc Corn Salve."
Wlarrantel to caue or mloney refunded. Ask your
dlruglgit fur IL 1I'i le 15 celit
A start!lr. discovery sonmetines turns out
1to be notihin-.
If TronllIediI With Sore Eyes
Jackson's Indian Eye Salvo will positively
cure them. vSc at all drug stores.
To the soldier of the cross, every step to
ward heaven is a test of couraze.
-- - _J