Bard In any E:vent.
'lThe ordinary co-operative society,
depending on money to carry on and c
exitends its business, booms in prosper
oils time', when money is plentiful, d
but finds it hard to hold its own when t
a contractedl currency throws its mem- b
wa.rs out of employment and work. The r
Labor Exchange, on the contrary, de- fi
pIendineg on labor, failed to attract at- v
tention till hard times forced people to >
look out for a system better adapted c
for keeping them out of the workhouse. b
Where the members are few and far tl
letween, the Labor Exchange requires c
a certain amount of legal tender money
for use with outsiders. But every ad- I
ditional trade and profession represent- s
ed, lessens the amount required. t
Fire! Fire! That Dreldful Cry
Is fraught with important doubly dire to the
unhappy man who beholds his dwelling or his
warehouse feeding the devouring element t
uninsured. Happily most people who can, in- u
sure-everything but health. Nine-tenths of ri
us neglect the preservation of this when it is
in palpable jeopardy. Inciptent Indigestion, O
liver complaint, a grippe. inaction of the kid
neys and bladder and malaria are all counter
acted by lHostetter's Stomach Bitters.
4ome people preach more religion In as
hour than they practice in a lifetime.
INCREASE YOUR INCOME o
by careful investments in grain through a P
responsible firm of large experience and
great success. Will send you particulars s
free showing how a small amount of money
can be easily multiplied by successful in- o
vestments. Highest Bank references. Op. v
portunities excellent. Pattlson & Co.,
Bankers and Brokers, Room W, Omaha
Building, Chicago
The railroads of this country gl3 employ- 0
ment to 900,000.
It the Baby is CVttiag Teeth. I
eo mrs and use that old and welltried resmedy, Was. t
Wlassnw's Boorase Brarr for Childx Teethin t
The time to shoot folly is not when it ales, '
but before it flies. r
Ptr-Aly its aooped Fe byDr.Kl Inn'ao
"i Rsmesu ro Fnsaferthe l r. deday' e.
caucutea. Treatise ndattrlalbo Itt i
sess.  dtoL)r.KimaniSm1Archt..PkLdL..P I
The heart will have new songs to sing as d
long as praise is kept alive.
"Wmassa's Migle Coraa ve."
Warrated to aure or money msatded. Ask y I
reegs oefor iL Prim is east
When we are grateful for our blessings o
trials look small.
Every mother should always have at hand
a bottle of Parker's Gager Toole. Nothing elseo se
good for pati, weakness, colds sad apleesaess
It never cramps a great man to put himself
In a small man's place.
Now is the tlme to eure year Coens•
with B lndereorns. It take them out prfeeeygtv
eomfort to the feet. Ask your druggst for It. t
When a man combines in himself cash and'
character he is practically insured.
The Pilgrim.
(Holiday Number.) Full of bright p
sketches-prose, poetry and illustra- t1
tions--by bright writers and artists. h
Entirely original, new and entertain- n
ing. Mailed free to any address on £
receipt of six (6) cents in postage t
stamps. Write to Geo. H. Heafford, t
Publisher, 415 Old Colony building, t,
Chicago, Ill.
No virtue that is the result of fear can be
taught by example. C
Aches
And pains of rheumatism can be cred b
by rnmoving th case, ilatlo ald inh the
blood. Hood's ealU·eare rhea - *
msatim by etralln thi acid. Get y
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Ned'O Pillm mr a Id a aoti ve. s.i
When to say "No." t
When the clerk tries to get rid of
some other binding by calling ii
just as good as the
C
Bias Velveteen
Skirt Binding.
Slipl r·use to take it. No bind
ing wears or looks as well as the
"" & H. & M."
e mmnesowi mb Ii ad m e
.i.. it l rift Y ."o, dm 11. a t a lr
Sal Uy. I
-
_ h atemaem . emmetarons b
-& • b s i d e a i ep
- --: - t
* ..-.
_- '+,'4
. '+ + :, '
.A Flrunt uoe.
In some localities it la rather dilm f
cult to secure a good cellar without
considerable work. Often drainage by
digging a trench is necessary; and when
i this is the case it will often pay to
build a fruit house above the ground,
rather thin to run the risk of water
flooding i1 and damaging the fruit and
vegetables. A fruit house, if well built,
so as to be frost-proof, lb much more
convenient than a cellar in many ways,
but good care must be taken in doing
the work if good results are to be se
cured.
Two by six inches studding will be
the best; that is. not less than this
should be used. They can be placed
two feet apart, and it is usually best to
brace the corners. Eight feet is plenty
high, and in most cases six will be
sufficient. It should be built close to
the ground, so that it can be banked
u;, readily on all sides. On the outside.
rough boards can be nailed on first, and
over that a layer of tarred paper or
heavy straw carefully weather-boarded.
When it can be done, it will be best
to fill the space between the studding
with sawdust, taking care to fill in
tightly. Rough boards can be nailed
on the inside, and over this tarred
paper should again be tacked.
Overhead a tight layer of boards
should be put, and on them a good layer
of sawdust. A chimney, or place for
ventilation, should be provided. Care
should be taken to make tight; the
door and ventilation should be all the
openings. Good, close-fitting doors,
one to open outside and one inside,
wiill help. Boxes or bins should be built
inside and about four inches away from
the wall. This will give air space be
tweet the wall and tha fruit. To make
doubly sure, an old stove set in the
room to which a litt'e fire may be
made in the severest weather, will be
found a benefit, as a very little fire will
lessen very materially the danger of
damage. A house of this kind, in a
winter like the last one, will keep fruit
antl vegetables without freezing, but in
winters such as we sometimes have, t
little fire will be necessary. - Fruit
Growers' Journal.
Treatment of Rose Rust.-Watch the
:rishes, and when leaves appear af
fected, pick them off. If the disease
.continues to spread, it is better to de
stroy the entire plant, if need be, than
to allow it to spread to the rest of the
garden. Spraying with Bordeau mix
ture may be good.
The New Hog.
As compared with years ago, we
have the new hog. He is new in his
make-up, lives fast and dies early for
profit, and hence is handled differently
than he used to be. The demands on
4 him are new also. Instead of a year
and a half old, he must mature in
seven or eight months. A writer on
" this subject says that now the feeding
weight of the hog of commerce is 175
to 200 pounds Instead of 300 or 350 as
formerly. This writer says: Hogs of
»00 pounds of dead weight and upward
could hardly be produced without their
being wintered over. This took all the
gilding off the gingerbread, unless
prices were abnormally high. But
hogs weighing 175 to 200 pounds can
' be brought to saleable maturity in the
course of one season. An early spring
litter of them can be fitted for market
d before cold weather begins to make
Sfeeding unprofitable. Then, when the
t young pigs are sold off, there is only
the breeding sow, or possibly two of
them, to keep over winter, and she or
Sthey can roam the barnyard, picking
up waste grain, working over manure,
and taking comfort beside the straw
stack.-Ex.
Dirt Around Trees.-This is a most
- pernicious practice and has resulted in
the death of many fine old specimen
trees throughout the country. Only the
other day we were asked to report on a
number of handsome elm trees that
were in a most unsatisfactory condi
tion, owing to the accumulation of de
composed vegetable matter that from
time to time had been placed atop of the
,'ota closely around the stems. I~
should be borne in mind that earthl
placed on the surface above the rootaS,
but not so as3 to come hi contact with
the stem of the tree, ia rather benefi
cial than injurlous-that is, of course,
if the depth deposited is not too great.
What causes an unhealthy condition,
Sprobably followed by death, is the pil
ing of soil against the tree stems-an
evil that no specimen can for long sur
vive. Where surplus earth must be de
Spolsited contiaguous to growing trees it
is always advisable to keep such back
from the stems to a distance of fully a
yard; but In damp retentive woodlands
the practlee is not to be commended,
however carefully stem protection has
Sbeen followed out.--nglish Timber
STrades Journal.
A Thebry as to Hog Cholera.--Waldo
SP. Broew, In the Maine Farmer, says:
"In thirty-five years I have but once
Shad this -dlass (hog cholera) among
Smy hogs and then I lest but two, one a
stuated pig and the other a sow taken
sick when her pigs were born. All the
Sherd were very aslek and so fevered Ihat
their ears dropped off after they got
well and they did not eat anything for
more than a week, but they recovered
and fattened as well as any hogs I ever
fed. I believe that if these hogs had
Sfed on corn alone from weaning time
that 4 eat of it them would have died.
I sa a frm believer that excluslve corn
- feedlng Is rspogisable fer a large per
cent of the ls hfrom cholera which
often sweeps of whole herds.
1 Hre uad Fsh Fartliaur.-The busi
ss of avenrtlag the surplus horses of
lte west late fertIlser is boemlalg in a
.rpristg isgre. Six hundred sacks
Sit fertillar rasatly arrived at San
~ Frai loos i one ipmnt, duestied for
I the Mawaass h91im. A rust amount
.i uliler is less made tres the re
• Iuo them bhi malms. eamnerss en the
-.ouati, a h tee, is ekoped to
the Uawalemumr daesM, Ii bmas odd
Iew ~iw the omrwseq i iem aS
. • --rlb
TOQUID PUWL IN THE PUTU . YE
Derstied to Take an lImpertant Pars in
t ndustry and Transportation.
At a recent meeting of the Cl il
an! Mechanical engineers' society
in London R. Nelson Boyd reua a
paper on the possibilities of lii.:.l
fueL 'The author began by referrin
I to the use of liquid fuel i~i
the past, which was first in
troduced after the early development
of petroleum in America in I . (.
Several patents were taken out in
England as far back as 1863: for the
application of liquid fuel. The most
successful general application of
liquid fuel was made by Mr. U'rqu
I hart in South Hussja Mr. lialden
has recently adoptel such fuel on
the Great Eastern railway.. The
colorific value of petroleum was dis
cussed and the results of experi
ments given, from which it apptared
that practically one ton of petroleum
residue is equal to two tons of coal.
The advantages in the use of petro
leum were referred to. Noteworthy
among which were the economy of
stoking on board ship and the ease
of working on locomotives.
A writer in Black Dliamond, reier
ring to the subject, says: "A few
more coal strikes will greatly reduce
the amount of that product con
sumed. There is a growing tend
ency to use liquid fuel, and throuhli
out European countries there are a
large number of manufacturing in
stitutions that use oil for fuel alto
gether. A trip on the ('aspian sea
discovered that the steamer did not
carry a pound of coal. The captain
told me that there was not a steam
1 ship on that sea that did not use oil
exclusively. It has been tested for
two or three years and it was found ed
a to be safer and better, while the dif
ference in bulk was a very important t
matter.
I bur
Blddy Sitting on Five Kittens.
An attendant at the Rome State Le;
t Custodial asylum a day or two ago ale
found a hen with singular maternal for
tastes. The hen had shown a great n
t predilection to set and was finally tee
found on a ne.st in the barn. The at- lba
tendant took her out of the nest and itl
was amazed to ilnd that she had been
setting on five wee kittens. The
hen evinced so utrong an affection
for her queer family that it was al- ha
most impossible to keep her away b
from the nest. In spite of the pains sP
taken she was back on the nest he
again the next day, but all except an
one of the kittens had been taken an
away. It is supposed she came sil
across the kittens in their home and, tin
after driving the mother away. ti
r adopted them as her own, and that ir
when she was taken off the nest the Its
old cat carried all but one of her th
r kittens away.-Rome, N. Y., Sen- a
1 tinel. he
1 th
The Defendant's Interesting Remark. a
Lord Coleridge had a trick, when tc
on his bench, of sometimes closing wi
f his eyes and assuming an expression P
as if wrapped in the most refreshing sir
r of slumbers, when, as a matter of
fact, he was wide awake and listen- m
ing. Once, when he was sitting at nisi
t prius, a long-winded young barrister
was opening the case for the com
plainant In the middle of the ad- Cl
9 dress, Lord Coleridge apparently th
dropped off to sleep. The counsel
did not notice it for some time, and
was just remarking "our contention ki
Sts, my lord, that the defendant said" hi
f-when he stopped short, looked in w,
a bloodthirsty way at the somnolent
r judge, and ejaculated: *"Oh,
it!" Lord Coleridge quietly opened
his eyes, and inquired, in his bland- e3
est manner: "Yes, Mr. Robinson; w
what else did the defendant say be
t sides 'Oh, - it'?"-Argonaut.
A Ceajarer's Involutary Feat.
A well-known conjurer recounts c
that the most successful feat he
Sever performed was not only the
simplest but absolutely involuntary.
He was bound for America on a pro
fessional tour, but made the voyage
as a private person. He was playing
e a rubberin the smoking room, and
Safter having won a game was shuf
Sfling the cards for a fresh deal,
when he unfortunately drew them
h out to their full length, as he was
wont to do on the stage. lls op
ponent, instead of cutting them,
. rose from his seat.
" No, sir," he said, significantly,
"here is your money, but no more
n whist."
An Oeeoson for Burpie.
t "Mamma!" said a little Pittsburg
k boy, rushing into the room with the
a air of one carrying valuable informa
s tion.
I, "What is it, dear?"
s "Did you know that Brown's little
r baby was deadP"
"Yes, dear, I heard of it Are t
Syou so rry" r
,"Yes-but, mamma, it was only
e three days old"
" ,I know, loe."
S But den't you think God would
be surprised to see it coming back
e so soon?"-Truth. I
She Dida't Like IL
r "Did you ever see a play, Aunt (
SMartha?" asked a lady of ana elderly
Sanunt from the country, who was
I spending a week to the city.
o ",Yes, Anne, I did," was the reply.
L "When your uncle and me was mar
Sried we come to the city on our bri- I
r dal tower, and we went to see one
of Mr. lShakespeare's piecese called
'How Do You Like it" and I didn't
ike it a bit, and I ain't been since."
I lew Re Kanow.
a The Maor---So the Gubbington
a girls are back agqain.
SThe Captain-Oh; and you have
r snem them?
t The Maijor-No-not as yet. 1
SThe Captat--Then how do you
* The Major, orlmsoning--Well-a-
aI tess4 tshe elothesioe tIa* QhpI
VENO TAKING THE CITY
BY STORM.
t ev. 6. Wangerlin and Rev. M. Krey
:1 Sent Joseph Roth, of No. 4059
Garfield Ave., who was Totally Crip- I
R' pled, to Veno; in less than 40 Min
nt utes Veno's Electric Fluid Made Him
Lay Down His Crutches and Walk
n Amid the Cheers of Thousands. r
st
of BOCTORS DUMBFOUNDED. o
u- In
,n The Avidity with which Veno's Electric Fluid
be and Veno's Curative Syrup is Devoured a
at Drug Stores is Surprising--These
i- Remedies Have the Greatest
dl Record in the World.
ID St. Louis Chronicle. 9th May, 1895.
Nl. No man has ever come to ti
St. Louis who has created (
o sulch excitement as has Ir. f
IV 1eno. of European fame, t,
and it is all due to remark- n
able cures of rheumatic and v
es paralytic cripples with medi* t
cines which he imports from N
Europe.
r- ETuesday night, at his heal
tng clinic. in the presence of
thousands of ladies and gen
oe tlemen, Veno performed 4 1,
miracle on Mr. Joseph Roth,
of No. 4050 Garfield Avenue.
- this city. who came to him
I with a letter from the Rev.
(;. Wangerlin, pastor of
a Evangelical Lutheran Eman
uel Church. and the Rev. M
Krey, pastor of Lutheral
o- Church. who stated that Mr.
ca Ioth had forover three years
been a helpless cripple from
t rheumatism. Mr. Roth was
in lifted onto an operatng table
and Veno'a Electric Fluid
n applied. In less than fortj I
xil minutes he threw aside his
or crutches and Jumped up and down, and walked
arouend among his friends, who loudly applaud
dd this wonderful result.
if "this was another victory for Veno'm Reme.
dies. Everybody was satisfied that no otlhe"d
rimitdv could irave done the same work.
SENo'. (CU'RATIVE SYRUP (50 cents a
bottle]. is a positive cure for nervousness, ma.
lurial fever. weak stomach. d)-spepta, consti
Ipaion, liver. kidney and blood diseases, sleep
tlessness and poor appetite. and when used with
SVENO'S ELECTRIC FLUID (50 cents abot. i c
lie.. will cure the worst and most desperate
at forms of rheumatodm. paralysi, spinal trouble -
ascltict , neuralgi stiff Join, weak musclca
at numbness and all aches and pains. Guatm,
ly teed to cure permanently. I your druggist
ha not got these medicines ask him to get
it- them for you. or write to The Veno Drug iCo.
id Pittsburg. Pa.
en An Indlam Courtship e
Au Osage buck does his courtiug by
rl- hanging around the girl's tent on horse
ay back, looking at her, but no word is
n, spoken. All day he will sit on his
thorse a few rods away from the tent,
pt, and then return early next morning
en and sit there with the stoicism and
ne silence of a sentinel. When the girl
id, finally goes to him he knows it is all
,, tright if he can pay the price. The
at iLico varies. When times are lively
he half a dozen horses are required for
er this luxury. If the market is flooded,
in a fair specimen can be bought for a
Iorse and a plug of tobacco. When
the beauty of the tribe was married
e. last year it took two rifles, thirteen
h lorses, 1000 cartridges and a gallon of
ng whisky to make her devoted father
Dn part with her. But she was a profes
rg sional beauty. The happy bridegroom
of has since offered to let her go at a
n- much reduced price.
1isi1
er It Was the Ring.
m- "And so you are engaged to Cholly
d- Chubbins?" said the girl. "Yes," was
:1y the reply. "'How did he ever persuade I
sel you to marry him?" "Oh, he hasn't
nd persuaded me to marry him. You
on know that lovely solitaire ring he
d" had? "Yes." ,"Well, I wanted to
in wear it to a progressive euchre party."
And How Silly.
ed As things go now, a college cannot
d- expect to stand well in the educational
n; world unless it has a champion fool
. ball team.
A Hard Case.
A contemporary speaks of *"fraudu
lent suicide," but fails to suggest s
t mode of punishment.
he
as
ter stop and give him food.
rg Food gives force. If you are
he thin, without appetite; pale,
because of thin blood; and
easily exhausted; why further
S weaken the body by applying
r the whip. Better begin on a
more permanent basis. Take
t something which will build up
the tissues and supply force
ito the muscular, digestive, ana
nervous systems.
of Cod.liver Oil, with hypo
phosphites, meets every de
ar mand. The cod-liver oil is a
i food of great value. It pro
oduces muscular, digestive, and
n nervous force without the aid
o." of any whip. Every gain is.
substantial one. The hypo
phosphites give strength and
stability to the nervous sys
S tem. The improved appetite,
richer blood, and better flesh
'come to stay.
;Just - good io s severua good a
rihrbl*,an ete ls
Lore nlways his and always will do its best
to bless and help.
The Modern M1other
HIas found that her little ones are improved
more by the pleasant laxative, Syrup of
Figs, when in need of the laxative effect of
a gentle remedy, than by any other, and
that it is more acceptahle to them. Chil
dren enjoy it andl it benefits them. The
true remedy, Syrup of Figs, is manufac
tured by the California Fig Syrup Co.,
only.
The tirst lie. and all the rest. had the devil
for its father.
SING.EIt, 5\N A .TISTs (tFNSFtI.Il.T are users
of ho' ",'s ! Il. h,',i't Tr 'ho; for Iloar, ene ,
I and Throat lTr,ules. They alft rol instant relief.
IThere amay be rel!igi,,n in art. but there is no,
art in religion.
HOW TO MAKE MONEY.
F11T. IIrITr::-'ell o:h.ers of mly success.
Fitl.' n years fatrtninaI and husting dlictur
Isged Ime. \My r 115111 tlade ': lant year plat
ing tailew ara, j, 1.iery. ." 1 ,rderel an out
tit from ,lray . . I 'latllr 0 ork I1, pt . 1 ,
S(Colutmbuos. 4 . It wa e 111nplet \. all mtaterials.
formula-. trade -ecret, antl in-trultions They
Steach a.ent:l tfree. . rs Inay plated, ni-ce as n
* new. gulratoll ''-1I1 "-." Mae 4.:14 irst
I week. $17 second w 'k, '. Sd tert month. get all
,wora I can do; -.thl,'r made $';seliing outfitt.
SWrite ir.n for samllple. It F. si.1 tV.
that there i such( a thI:i a a perfect ol,,kin1
lookin;-lhias.
Ilow's Thkl!
We offer One ilundlred I).,ll'ars reward
for atny ca.e of ('at:lrrh that cannot be
curd by tall's at t.rrh ulre.
F. .T. ('II :NEY c t- fb., Toledo, O.
We, the un I ..rign.ld. have known F.
SJ. ('h.niey for the last 15 years. and be
lie\ve him jprf,'t:ly honorable In all
busn.'ss trans.Ia-t tns, and financially
able to car:'y out any obligations male
by their firm.
I WALTIN,, KIN\NAN ."& MARVIN.
Wholesale :)ruggists. T'le oc. Olhi ,.
HIall's (atarrh C'uro is taken internal
ly, acting dire tly Ionrl the blood and11
miuc' lls surfa:"s of the seste'm. T"'sti
rnonials sent fr-e . I' ict'. 7, per bottle.
Sold by all drugrlirts.
Halls I'an:ily Pills.
Th"i:ere i- 1 "1,' y ,' r" 1 lat thie t"ll. tilt Il
eC' "l lII au lli d ti1 't 1 fa .
BEWARE IN TIMEX - The first acute twinge of
STCIAELTAYICA HWAINGA
USE ST. JACOBS OIL. TWIST ,IYOURLEG OTWI SH APE.
Great Prize Contest.
Ist Prize, KNABE PIANO, style "P" $800
2d Prize, Cash, - . - - - 100
13d Prize, Cash, - - - - 50
10 Cash Prizes, each $20, - - - 200
15 Cash Prizes, each $10, - - 150
28 Prizes, - - $1300
Th. firs-t pi , v,in be _iven to th per-in -wh, c, tn,.tru, t th schlorte 
soenl' wc,. 1- Engli-h. c ntair nin all tl,, botrrrs Ir I * : halltli . Ti he other
prize,; will gL in rz:,ar order to the,. cupn t l-r.. whi se SC slt-nc's stand
next in oint: of Lr', ity.
CONDITIONS.
Th' ienth of a stintencr is to be measared by tIhy numbier of lItters it
contains, a:md onirdh ront Ctant mnl t in(dicate h- tiztlr's at lie Ho)i, of li
Geographical names and names of persons cannit heo ued. The cotlIest
eclos"s 1-',hr i rv 1.511. N.i , and the rn ults will be I llished one w.eek
later. In case two or more prizo-winning sentene are requally short the
one first r, eive. l II hbe Liven plref,.r't'c'. E1',erv co,lnlpietitor who.e
sentence is l,,s- than II letters in lencth will receive W illie ('llins' work,
in pal.r cover, i:ocliu ,ing twelve compilete novels, whether he wins a prize
or not. No contestant c(an enter more tihan one sentence nor combine with
other coinietlilori ~1esilI.nts of ()miiaha are, not permitted to take any
part. directly or inldirectl\', in this c ntet! .
This remarkably li,,beral offer is made by the WIF.KI,Y W'ORLD-IIERALD,
of which the distin..fiid ex-conter.esman,
I o WILLIAM J. BRYAN, is Editor,
and it is required that each competing sentenc e e enclosed with one dollar
for a year's siihscrilplion. The WEEKLY \Oltl.D-II.K:ALD is issnto in semi
weekly sections, and hence is nearly as gitsi as a daily. It is the western
champion of free silver coinage and the leading family newspaper of
Nebraska. Address,
WeeKlU World-ticrald. Omaha, Neb.
As One Woman
To Another:
': "Every Monday morning for two years I've used
CLAIRETTE SOAP -always makes the
clothes p-re and-white without hard rubbing
have my washing done by nine o'clock. This
. Esoap has never harmed the most delicate
colors in my summer dresses, so it must
-: free from all acids. I do wish you
would send down to the Grocer
and get a cake to try on your
newt washing-day. You will
find a perfect Laundry Soap.
' Soldeverywbere. Made only by
The
* N. L Fairbank
Company,
St. Lools.
Timely Warning.
The great success of the chocolate preparations of
the house of Walter Baker & Co. (established
in 1780) has led to the placing on the market
many misleading and unscrupulous imitations
of their name, labels, and wrappers. Walter
Baker & Co. are the oldest and largest manu
facturers of pure and high-grade Cocoas and
Chocolates on this continent. No chemicals are
used in their manufactures.
Consumers should ask for, and be sure that
they get, the genuine Walter Baker & Co.'s goods.
WALTER BAKER & CO., Limited,
DORCHESTER. MASS.
A, . h AND Pi'HIw)h. OF IHORTHANI). lhest bonerl
6alllll~l aI r tilt, '.nltb year open' Jan. t I'IT; Write
I one fr c lnlo~e of th leadxing school of the
t Po's Ciare for Consumptloa has no a'ol
as a Cough mnediine.-F. MM. Al owr. r .
Seneea St., Buffalo, N. Y , HMay :1 1N.,1
jip Russia a youn manti dio not a .irg. , 1
majority until he is :t;.
SBEFORE I could get rce
E R from a most hor
rible blood dt:.
ease I had spent hundreds of dollars
trying various remedies and physi.
clans, none of which did me any
good. My finger nails came off and
my hair came out, leaving me
perfectly bald. I then went to
HOT SPRINGS
Hoping to be cured by this celebrated
treatment, but very soon became disgusted
and decided to try S.S.S. The eftfct was
truly wonderful. I commenced to recover
at once, and after I had taken twelve hot
ties I wasentirely cured-cured by S.S.S.
when the world
renowned Hot
Springs had failed.
Wa. S. Loomis,
Shreveport, La.
Sur Book s i Disease an its Treatment nalei fre- t aIn
$ddrasu. SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., Atlanta. ta.
DON'T Y:,Y "i'
f Pe p0rnadw' t hlno
s el,4 in place f Old lellable
PIKE/ PIKE'S MAGNOLIA.
QgnV1o t :t. wrie Ino rnI l wt will In
e rn i.it tt,let it. A k
S iI5.lt , tio, Th b .tat.
.-CiENcn w. w Hs4on o & CO.
CItIRICit ('oelanantU, O.
OHIO) Successors tco . .. P11K,
S OOLE DISTILLERS.
PARK R'
HAIR BALSAM
Clean-n anid begat ties the ha;r.
tever rat'n tO Restr "r'ry
"- Hlor to at. Touthful Color.
p lIes en t ai n
Morp hine Habit Cured in 10
to 2 dial. No rag till cured.
PIIU DR. J. STEPHENS. LebanonOho.
W N U DALLAS. 52-95
When Answering Advert sements K;nd;y
Mention this Paoer.