LOUISIANA POPULIST.
Subscril)tion Price S1.)0 zl Year. Tlhere is nlo Pree Country. L'unless tlhe People i iulc. ricc. 5 Cents.
VOL. I. NATCH-IITCCHES PARISH, NATCHITOCHES, LOUISIANA, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1894. NO. z6,
_ _ I_ _C__·l u - - I r
IeKlorm Preto of Louisiana.
Tun CoNuRAIE. \Wiuitieid, ,a.
I. N%. Iailey, Editor
Fol(iiE;blE.iV At;:. Rt4onlll. La.
W. W. McClure, Editor
Lot'IItANA I'tl11.1'.I1. Natchlitoohes. La.
M. 1F. Mahlen, Editor
A ..t.t' E . F.AltMt:I. Bloiter. l.a.
X\. ' . I" t, Editur.
A Ii IAN( : lI'to:l, West Mlonroe.. Ul.a.
L.. W. Heard, l'tditior.
JIATrI.E ItlAt;, l It lbelit.e l.a.
J.. A. 'I'etts. dlitor.
LANt;DrE IR1:\Iiu:w. Lak.esithe, I ;1.
. F. & N. L. M1 iller, Editors.
'1TE Iy. t, New Orlans, l:i.
J. 11. a mr.ln, IEditor.
CITY OF NATCHITOCHES
vs
DELINQIENT TAX DEBTOIIS.
CITY OF NATCIIITO('IES.
t virtue of tile anllhority vested in
TI le ,.v the (',qltitution and lawn of
the State of Louiilln.la, I will eIl] at the
principal dt,'r of the Court Hloulse, in
which thle , til dietriit couirt of s.tit
parish is held, within t'e legal hour- for
judicial sales, legi;l 'ill at 11 o'clock a.
i.. 011
Saturday, Dec. 15, 1894,
and contituiln on each sc1itedinng day,
lutlil said Males are compnleted. all itnllo
ial,le property on which taxes are now
due the city of Natchitoches. i n erorce
ol le'ction of tailes :esiseid il the \ear
1sir, together with iltbrest tlhereonl fromi
31st daiy of Iet-enil o.r 1]$93, at the rate of
two per cenit per ito!itht, unltil paid, anti
all costs.
ltlack, Agt. 'W. J. ietd dot. "eItlhtle.'"
valuationh i l q bl ck dog --Sallie," v 'l
iut.tin $ill: Ilorses. 1. : cattle ilt:
wagonl $20.-Tota:l valnation9 l 30: City
tax $1 t30, Railroad tax ti3 centuis.
ltnrke. Mrs. H. E. Iloinse iandl lot on
north side of St. Delliis street, loutllned
east and -west lvlyrolpertv of K il :
vaititionit l$254): itos atid ltht oni ,see
,nild altret, It WeI prI ewrty of l)ln i..
se 4i1441 Norris, atlnatioi $341i.--''Total
v-alatiolln 554). City tax $5 50; Hail
rald tal 9t'2 5.
r)tlttns. 1 Pisi House and lot on Tsoluth
side Texas street, hbetweenl Enl:'llluel
Thomans and corner 6th street, italila
tion $20(5, City tax $2 00; aliilroad
tax $1 00.
Bullard. J. L. House and lot conter 3rd
alnd Lafayette streets, runlninlg back
to 41th street, valuation $250: horse $20.
-Total valnation $270. City tax$2 70
Railroad tax $1 35.
Charleville, Landry Two lots on Anmu
let street 4 and 7, formerly belonging
to Emile Rivers, valuation $40. City
tax 40 cents; Railroad tax 20 cts.
Caspari, Leopold House anti lot on 2nd
street, 1,etween property of Rachal and
Mcoray, valuation $.500; house and lot
on 3.d street, between Hachal and
lPelli. valiation $200; house and lot on
Bayou Amulet, and east of Jefferson
street. valuation $1200: house and lot
on 2nud street, corner Horn, valuation
$1700; vacant lot corner 4th and Texse
atteets, valuation $25; honse and lot
onil new 2nd second street, corner Prim
roses A veunue, valuation $75; vacant
lot on Pavie street, between Mrs. Diet
rich and Hunter, valuation $1~5.; li$g
fy $150. Total valualiou 53.900. City
tax $39. Railroad tax $19 50.
C(aspari, ,. L" 4 interest in house and
lot in Jackson Square, valuation $75.
City tax 75 cents; Railroad tax 374
cents.
Caspari, Mrs. Bertha One quarter ar
pent of land on Texas street, running
back to Sabine, corner 4th, valuation
$50 3 vacant lots in Jackson
8quare, opposite the Amnerican cenmete
Ty, valuation $150. Total valuation
$200. City tax $2; Railroad tax $1 00
Dietrich, Mrs. Emily House and lot
corner Pavie and 3rd streets, valuation
$600. City tax $6 00; Railroad tax
$300.
lranguet, B. F. Stable and lot on east
side Jefferson street, between proper
ty of Chellette and C. F. Dranguet,
valuation $500; horse $50. males $400.
wagons $0. Total valuation $1000.
city tax $10 00; Railroad tax $5 00.
Davion, Magdelin House and lot north
of depot, property bounded west by
property of baby, anil north by prop
erty of Barter, and east by Chellett,
valuation 2200; horses $30, oxen30.
Total valua*tion $260. city tax $2 00;
Railroad tax $1 30.
Lewis, Jno. Vacant lot on New 2nd
street, between property of Nelken
and Breads, near depot. valuation $60,
horses 100. cattle 10. Total varluati:n
8100 00. City tax S1 60; Railroad
tax 80 cents.
Morse, Mrs. Virginia House and lot
corner Washilnton and Texas streets,
valuation $1600. City tax $16 00;
BRallroad tax 7 60.
Noonan, Jno. deeeused House and lot
on Sibley street, west of lot of L.
Phoenix, valuation $0. City tax 60
cents; Railroad tax 5 cents.
Nelken, mSa House and lot on 2nd
street, beween Stephens and Abra
hams, valuation 600; 8torehouse and
lot. corner Denuglere and Jefferson
$1000; House and lot on New Second
street between J. Trichel and F.
Simam, 00; House and lot oorner
Denauer ad 8rd streets 100 Houses
and lot on Front street between Kaf
fe Bros., and Lichtenstlne, 800; Horse
130; Cattle 0; Buggy 0: Merlchan
dilse stock In trade, 3000. Total val
nation 95M0. City tax 20; BRail
read tax 5 G.
atson, Easter Vacant lot on 6th street
Jamesa Dobson's, valuation 68.
t S ents; Bailroad tax 171.
Deem House and lot corner
Peson street ad Normal school Al
ley. Yalesoaoa4~. City tr S oents;
Bailreoad tax W cents
Walasley, At. Mrs. H. B. Horen sad
t on west dide of 2ad street, between
A. Elae and Lam MeCray, valuation
City tax a U ; Ealroad tax
*rY~fl IC orr~~u
.-, · '
Pa vi street . valuatiton j . ('it- tax
5tc: Railroad tax .23c.
VtNxlidward, Erientinoe Vaca':nt 1]t in
r. Jack-on Sqtuare. hetween l):iavi1I and
Felix St et't-,. valuation I' (1. ( i0 y
r. tax 2t7c: Railroad tax 1li2.
NON RES II)EN( E.
Bloom. M. J. A. E. l ula.ce\tt Ii,.e1 ,.
ar. i1 lot on P'avi-e 'tr.et. htetn-'i 7IW
at I .th -trect. valhtatioi *9:0. 1,,-u.
r. att lot on Lafavetto = -tre' . *t a Im -
tal valuation, S3: . ('it) tax :t U.
H r.iailr al tax $1 75.
Mhi.r. V. & A. V:an ,t It ~n "'lI
.. tre.t. betws'en ltaptitt 4h'r,'h :I11n
Kstloi Bros., vaioati,u '0(. ('itn t:'
r. t2 00;: Railtro:ad toi' $1 O.
statce'.. A. J. lot No. 9 in TOl' It .:t'i
street. 6;t l24. e:a-I of lot . t,,t\ con
Lafayette and Martin. valuation 8100.
C'itv tax $1 E 00: IRailrh',ad tax 50.
(in said day of -ale I will ell such
portions of saidl lroperty as eat,h 4dIt,,r
wiill point out, and inll cae the delhtort
will not point (tlt suflicient property.
will :at once. and withoutt further dtelay,
,ell the le'a-t quantity of said propertV
n of any dlebtor, l 1ich any bIidthlr will
f buy for the amount of fth taxes, int'r
e e-t and co-tc due I. ,aid debtor.
P. C'. ROG ERS.
SNov. i. Tax t'ollector.
r
People's Party Platforum.
1. WVe denmand a national (cill
reney, safei, sounnd and flexible. is.
sued by the general government
only, a full legal tender for ill Idebt
public and lrivate, anll( th it with
f out thIe IIse of h;ankiilg tirotrflttt
i tio.ns: a just. equlitale anid elli.ieont
means of distriliutiou, direct to the
people, at a tax noit exceedint 2 ier
cent, be providedt. as et forthll ill
the sub-treasury planI of tlhe Farm
ers' Alliance, or some bettlir systein
also by payments in disclhartge ot
its obligations for public improve
.ments.
a. We denmand free and unlilonit- w
Sed coinage of silver and gold at the
present legal ratio ot 16 to 1. N
ib. We demand that the anmonuit i
of circulating mneilinm lie speedily m.
increased to not less than .50O per r
capita. ot
c. VWe demand a graduate: n- to
come tax. do
d. We believe that the money t
of the country should be kept as li
much as possible in the hands ot
the people, and hence we demand I
that all State and national revenue
shall be limited to the necessary 11
expenses of the government, eco
nomically and honestly administer- pa
ed. Iti
la
e. We demand that p )sal say- m,
ings banks be established by the in
government for the safe deposit of S
the earnings of the people and to pa
facilitate exchange. Pth
th
2. Transportation being a means so
of exchange and public necessity, ee
th
the government should own and -h
operate the railroads in the inter- gi
est of the people. ce
w
a. The telegraph and telephone, le
like the post office system, beIng a TI
necessity for the transportation ot w
news, should be owned and opera- th
ted by the government in the in- lei
terest of the people. e
3. The land, including all the -m
national resources of wealth, is the No
heritage of all the people, and w,
should not be nronopolived for spec- ar
ulative purposes, and alien owner- i:
ship of luid should be prohibited. i bo
All land now held by railroads and dI
other corlporations in excess of "
their actual needs, and all latls pe
now owned by aliens, should be re- h
claimned by the government and ,
held for actual settlers only. no
Square Talk.
we
The San Francisco Call, a Re- .
publican paper, must be imbi' ing re
some real Populist ideas; in a re- t
cent editorial it talks facts and it
sense in the following offhand way: 3:
"it is not possible to supplant th
Democratic bosses with Relpubli- o
can, nor Bepublican with Demo
cratic. Let win who will, the win.- w
ners and losers will join hands to
delspoil the taxpayers." "Buckley b
will be as much a power with the to
government in the hands ot Re
publicans as he will if the Demo- n
crate carry the election." "A na. re
tional party ticket cannot be nam
ed that will not be nominated by .t
the machine. The people must go
to the bedrock and build up a solid
tmadation. The time is ripe for va
s a umo ment'I
AP
J °
'j 1''
,'r/, ;4
iI
\ "Qt" '-.~
BEWARE OF W,L...ES D..SGU..SED IN SHEP'S CLOTHING.
A. dangferous variety of gold bug, ... . .. . . ..verplate--about 3+, to 1. In 1S73 the re
publican" party f ound. silvr" standa i dsuisedI~l with a thinn coating" Of sil it h., bee fu ,iht yer.
emonetized siver and m d one metal at the ratio of t .
;ca,
do the- gol ar the "u pb" indignat, te g u t
.rabe palldat les-ithe and-All is d i s i te vilu.. Ae d bYr act. hn b o. t y a ed he de
miseratbltoe e niatives-the BlandosAize d r on subterfune and et " Awermbn ai t. In 1993 they assisted the demlo
crats to re-emonetize and ostracize si subt e as a, a friend to silver and hides its
treachery behind the phrases "ratio," ,lver. Now the republican party pose, . c., 3" to 1.
'parity" and "equal power with gold"
1 I
LABOR AND OAPITAL
SWhat Are Their Mutual Relations and What
Should Be Their Relative Compeusation.
Mr. J. A. Wayland: In reading the Coming
Nation I aui in a continual state of provoca
tion. my anger and disgust alternating between
the oppression of organized capital, trusts and
Smonopolies largely aided by the two old parties
r on one side, and against the sophistry, mis
statements and fiction you indulge in on the
other. One would think the unexaggerated
troth sufficient to arouse the people if you say,
for instance, that interest rates are about
double what they should be. the evidence is
oumulative and positive; but to claim that
capital does not add to the productiveness of
labor, being thus entitled to a part of the prod
8 uct, outrages oeo.mon sense. Yours truly,
t C. BIRDSLL.,
Chairman Essex Committee Populist Club.
[I Newark, N. J.
B I am acquainted with such populists.
I have met them often-used to think
that way myself. But you'll learn
better after awhile or else join the old
parties. I say that capital is not en
titled to any part of the product of
labor, should not be taken into account
more than the number of hours' labor
e in producing the capi'al. The
millions "invested" in the postal
system do not draw any
, part of the amount of the labor em
i ployed. Interest, rent or profit-being
i the same in final .nalysis under present
R social customs--tre wrong. One per
cent. interest is the same kind of wrong
that 100 per cent. is, only lesser in de
gree. Any scheme or theory that will
give any man or woman an income ex
cept by their own productive labor,
with hand and brain, is robbery, un
less we indorse hunian slavery as right.
* There are yet a few "leaders" who
t want "reform," but not a reform that
will render laborers independent of
-their "capital." Still the masses are
. learning truths faster than these lead
ers and a new civilization in which
men, not capital, will be the only ele
Sment considered.--Coming Nation.
I Capital is inert, unproductive matter.
Not labor, but labor's products, I
I which while produced by the many
Sare acquired and held by the few.
If the assumed capitalist is the real
iowner of capital used (in the form of
buildings, machinery and tools of pro
duction) in the production of more
wealth, and such capitalist receives
wages for any labor or any services
performed, he is repaid for the use of
his capital by having it made good to
him in renewed or new form, when
worn out, or when he quits the busi
ness. This implies a share of the com
mon product sufficient for repairs, in
suranoe and the final replacement when
worn out. Assuming (a far-fetched as
sumption) that all capital has been hon
- estly acquired by labor, such capital
rrepresents the wages for such labor
- and is the evidence that such labor
was paid for aone. If such cap
ital is afterwards allowed to
draw interest, or wages beyond enough
for insurance, repairs and replacement,
I the original labor performed is, sooner
or later, paid for twice, which is not
only a palpable injustioe, but also re
sults in the final concentration of all
- wealth in the hands of the few. With
government banks and interest rates
reduced to the cost of carrying on the
banking system, capital in the form of
tools of production, etc., might be ac
quired virtually free from the burden
of interest upon money. The fact that I
nearly all industrial capital is now
represented by interest bearing bonds I
is the basis upon which the plea for
capital's reimbursement is built. De
stroy interest upon money and capital
would have no alternative but use for
the guaranty of replacement; L e., re
turn as good as new, or unimpaired in I
valena Otsone C. Wa. i
Subscribe to the POPelsT.
THE CRIME CONTEMPLATED.
The Programme of the American lankers'
Associatlon is to Become the Law of the
Land.
An effort is to be made by the money
power to secure such legislation dur
i ng the closing session of this congress
as will universally fix the gold stand
ard and national bank supremacy up
on this country. There certainly will
be an effort to retire the greenbacks
and do away with all government
money.
The money power sees the storm
coming. and it proposes to intrench it
self before the hosts of free silver and
increased circulation arrive on the
grounds. Already plans are being for
mulated by the bank combines, and
drafts of bills to carry out their t
schemes, will be ready for the next a
session to act upon. The bank com- a
bines have the power to force almost t
any measure through this congress I
with Cleveland at their backs. If they i
cannot get what they want any other I
way they will create a panic. U
A recent letter of Henry Clews, the t
Wall street banker, foreshadows these I
results. Mr. Clews says:
"There has been no congressional
action to show very clearly how con- L
gressional opinion stands upon the 5
currency issue, but among members of c
the house, who have been best situated I
to form a judgment, there is a strong t
hope that it may be found possible to t
carry through, before March, a meas- 14
ure that will set at rest the silver and u
fiat money crazes through putting our t
bank currency system upon a broader 14
and more liberal and yet absolutely se.- 1
cure basis, and by substituting it for q
the $500,000,000 of government notes,
which now constitute the weak feature i
ofiour monetary system. If this can t
be done the monetary complexion of a
the new congress will be a matter of i+
secondary importance. It rests very a
much with the men of finance-whose b
experience affords the best qualifica- n
tions for guiding opinion on this ques
tion-to show the way towards an early C
and wise settlement of this vexed ques- li
tion. There are ways in which they a
can make their guidance influential, V
and in proportion as they discreetly c
use their power, will be the chances of a
a final placing of the currency settle- ti
ment beyond the reach of both silver
maniacs and populists." - Southern o
Mercury.
The Enemies of Popllm. rfi
The railroad corporations are fight- F
ing the people's party. ti
The insurance corporations are fight- o
ing the people's party. o
The national bank corporations are n
fighting the people's party. B
The loan companies are fighting the n
people's party. I
Wall street is fighting the people's p
party. t]
Every railroad attorney is fighting ,
the people's party. tl
If you are fighting the people's party e
you are working in the interest of the o
above classes--Clay Center Dispatch. a
-The New York populists are get- tl
ting recruits not singly but in great C
companies and battalions. The dele
gates of thirty-five labor organizations
meeting in New York have decided to
go into politics and co-operate with the -
populista .
-No political event ' recently se a
caused more- consternation in the ,
ranks of the old parties than the ac-: a
tion of Judge Lyman Trumbull in tak- a
ing up the cause of the people.
You le t.
Cld parties hoe the toric's gol.
to
help
them
Y bag
their
Populists have cno ould at all
but
u they'll . -
i get t
s , .there 'j
  the a -
same!
-Road.
GEORGIA AMAZES THEM.
Populists at the Capital I'redlct That They
WIll Have Fifty Members in the Next
House.
i The result in Georgia engages atten
r tion. Both republicans and democrats
t attest alarm. It has upset calculation
. and swept prophecy from its feet. If
t the same violent growth of populism
a apparent in the returns from Georgia
y is found in Iowa, Minnesota, the
r Dalotas, and republican strongholds
of the northwest, and there are reasons
e to believe the condition exists, the re
e publicans will be shivered and shaken
in all their hopes.
Georgia, which in enterprise and dol
lar-making is the New England of the I
e south, was looked on by both demo
I crate and republicans as the least like
ly of all the southern commonwealths
to give way or even waver before the
third party. The late result, which
leaves the democrats not over 15,,01O
2 majority where 75,000 was expected, is,
r therefore, in its sort a shock and has
r left the great mentalities in charge
both at Faulkner'sand Babcock's head
r quarters in a state of stampede.
The democrats generally -albeit not
for publication-declare that the
trouble in Georgia, while in part tariff,
f and in part finance, was mainly Cleve
f land. The party everywhere is sick 1
and worn out with his goldisms. his I
bondisms, and his pharisaical eastern
i mugwumpery.
As a consequence of the result in
Georgia neither democrat nor repub
lican is able to-day to pierce the future
a little bit. They have awakened to
, the beauty of the injunction, "Suffi
cient unto the day is the evil thereof,"
and cannot be lured into prognostica
- tions of any sort, local or general.
The populists are as hilarious as an
outfit of Utes at a white dog bake.
They are shooting all sorts of arrows
in the air and promising as high as
fifty populists in the house of the
- Fifty-fourth congress. But whatever
there may be, the populists with thirty
or even fifteen would hold the balance
of power. And this contingency is
mightily feared by both Faulkner'sand I
Babcock's crowds. It is a condition
not easily explained but one which ex
ists, that both the democrats and re- I
l publicans of the narrow sort found in 1
this eastern seaboard country would
rather the other would succeed than
that the populists should attain bellig
r erent and respectable stature as a party.
( la ioes, like old friends, are dearest,
and both of the old parties almost learn
to love each other in the intensity of
their hatred for the popnlists.--Cor.
SChicago Times.
--One of the great blessings(?) the
republican party has left this country,
and one for which the great common
people should be thankful, is that a
thousand-dollar Inited States bond
draws interest and pays no taxes, while
a thousand-dollar home pays taxes
I and draws no interest. Vote this on
just condition of affaise out of exist
ane by voting the people's ticket.
Alliance Tribunge.
We solicit your Job Work.
How to Increase B-usine--..
lce whiz ! bhow m iorchalnt. I d
di:mliiay ad adve rtise ot ii' iei'
ol( I ý od I'. , t iiiI to sell i thin to
Iq -cu,', h, iied t111n btad 4lmII h.
biut ll l' nli C Illllollnly ,nd (can'l t.)*'
nonei . Ir thiey 4!,1 ..l . ill IIt tl
lheir Ie ir~y illn t: n to lintl, t"
y ' t l, ihe ieole \wh li buy ,t the
eaIII - awI the I IIaI)(" s l ll, si'lt, :
thow io liit bl uy ofl t heiii h:t\,' a i
the sti tl tlh y l uilh ll slli x tllii;4.
so their llti e of ull hel) tllll IHI ii;
ai lulllate to ilet thli"e etfi' ivte ,ice
wiand Fl(or lood. Th11v ae aboutill
as wise as the diaiiiii IImli4hllallt
W hie cilti vated te i;tltroll.t of
begi gas. Melcliali ls, readl itli.
Youl \ill then li klow what to do.
JCoilii "g iNatioii.
G overnment Ownerrship.
It (lour gmovm'erl'imeit mo t idl tit,
rlmIroail we (iol:id go lt Su, F'ra l
cisco frotm lioi osto l ril ; O1i. I ,ol
ait the lt 0lltl)f: U ile Sa;u1 IYSl
the riiilir lids inot quite t27d IIt
in:mllsmot ;ai loaded h 1istdl cllar fltoii
lih tloi to S1ii1 Frli litCS(I . .1A l:1.
seIger ear l ill carry l ifty a;lslel-r
gerls, which a;t lo 1t el.il, woIdii ain
. 1;i) or al tih t m: ofi t of ,225 a car,
andl this tool, aifter layli•g ' per
centl. nil w;atered stoik. which iml
fully tM) per tent. o ilite cost of
the roads.
To show how ourl raillroads ll lia'
watereld their stock, I ploiu'. to ti
Ntew York Cenitral ;& luilmioi Iiiv\'i"
railall v whichl, whteni tlle Vaiillde
bills obtaiiled control n Ii ,l wlit
c4llpitaiized at M .1,??ii,4tlI Thiey
at once watered it uip to $90ll,0iI0,
INH1I, more wlater has been at d leh
unltil the lresent capital stock is
l14i6,100,t1,)-all but $15, ((Mf,01tt
beiig water.
( viilerllnitt ow\ imcrshiip wouiiul
save the people the gigantic Smitll
of *l$,iNN0 ),IOON l) a year an ii brillig
shorter hours anmd better pay to tlit
70,l0) railroad enilployes.
Where the Blame Lies.
The Repii caiiln 1iarty is prinimar
ily responsible for thie distress of
gold conitraction. That plirty ap
)proved the fraud of 1 735, which
struek the silver diillir omiii the
list of coins, andll Oil ol ('c, ionlllle
give three-foiurtlms of its votes in
iCongress to keepl silver (demonlieti
zed. Thie D)elnocrati party, until
the election (of IMr. Clevelinutd, wva
olitºi.sel to the old( stanidard anil
voted for (on1ies; to restore si'lver
coilunage. lButt Mr. levelandl, after
hiis ele( Lion, took lessions froti Mr,
Sherimam. joined the gold lteuuIli
e(ani aind tinglhht with themill ; tial
ly, in extra session, by his ioVerL
illd patronage, hie 'illro ghut oViel
froln the ranks of tiree e'iit.
l)emlroemts tienough recruits to I h,
guil Republicansiii to ratif , thlb
crime (iof 1873 and lperfect the work
estalblishing time gold sitauiid.ird.
Senator Stewatrt.
What Will They Do ?
Time question initurtally aiiisr
what will the people im the cem
I1":o surromilid illg AI/ilgista, andmi
iiupoip whiost luiltroatge timmi trade
the pflsPerity of tihe (i ly mihpeimdis,
mio about it I Is it reasbmil)l ti?
sUlpimSe that two-thi rdms of the inop
uihtion of these e'unties whictl
ditfter with demnicruttic lHliCy liii
priieillls arit goin11g to quihtl" slub
mmmit; 1 li1 see all their ( itS . 4t
tryilig to miinwlior hte their m'onidi
tiomi brouglmt to miiiugmt by thie
the citiof Auguista ! We 'armi the
bluminimiess minim lf that city imot to
hug such a delusiom t) ttieir ho
oms. The ltemlinmgsi of time (u(liitry
peopld are betmummmnilg armouiud( amiil
indmiigntion mi reachhimg i lhe boiling
poimit, at time oirt.rages 4,molliiimmted
against time ballot irnl iur the ,akue
of party ulprenoi- by tihe k.ugh_
ward heeler, a~ . loditie.l lemi
go.ues of that city. A word 's
the wis- ought to be surtlieut
L~ncoln, Ga., tome Journal.