LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS.
VOL. II. NATCHITOCHES, LOUISIANA, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1895. NO. 12.
COTTON IS AWAY UP.
THu4 FARMERS SHOULD NOT
HOWL ANY MORE.
L* "Old Party Polilticlans, (iret and
: mall, are Happy and Preclet the
Downfall of the People's Party. IBut
heal this Article and See.
()n every side we hear our Demo
tratic friends trying to hoodoo the
od farmer about the over-production
chbsuut. Cotton has gone way up
and knocked the props from under all
Populist doctrine. We would like to
see an honest. sensible Democrat who
will say the price of cotton is -.way
up". The price is not .'way up.'
Eight or nine cents is not a high
price; it is only a moderate price
when we have a good crop.
We heard a lawyer say., 'the pres
ent price of cotton is a Jonah to the
Populist:; they are sure dead now
their arguments all out of date; they
won't be in it anymore." Now, this
lawer, though a Democrat. is a good
honest man, but his zeal for his party
and his contempt for the People's
party has led him to make some pe
culiar assertions. Now, Mr. Lawyer,
we will suppose you are a farmer. Of
course it is hard to suppose a lawyer a
farmer, but here goes anyway. You
begin about Christmas to plow and
prepare to grow a crop of cotton.
You fed your horses all the hay and
corn you raised last year and went in
debt for a little more. You bought
all your floor, coffee, sus~ar, etc., on
credit, Clothes-well, you wore your
old ones just the same as you have
been doing and your wife and the
girls worked early and late chopping
cotton, and later on picking cotton.
They wore rags because last year you
raised too much cotton. Your daugh
ters stayed at home on Sunday, because
if they went to church they would be
snubbed by the daughter of the city
lawyer, who wore nice clothes. Your
wife not only did not have decent
clothes to wear to church Sunday,
but she was not able to go; her back
was almost broken from dragging the
cotton sack up and down the rows all
week. At last you have got your cot
ton all picked and thanks to provi.
dence, you have no overproduction
this year. You gota whole bale from
six acres and you sold the bale for the
big price of $42, and you have twenty
acres, and, at i7 an acre you get $140
for your entire crop. Twenty acres
for you and your wife and two grown
daughters is a good big field for you
to cultivate in cotton.
Every lawyer in this or any other
town will admit that one dollar a day
is a small sum to feed and clothe a
family of five, but then you don't
wear much and you eat less. so your
expenses for an entire year would only
be $66. No lawyer and his family
could live on that amount, but you
are a farmer and you can.
Well you got 0140 for your crop.
Good price for cotton, you say, and to
town you come to pay your debts.
You pay out the $140 and still owe
#g26. You sever paid your taxes and
did not get the old woman a new
dress or any shoes for the girls.
You have nothing to eat, no clothes
to wear and winter starlng you in the
faoe. The merchant won't credit you
for anything, because you have not
paid him the one-half you already
owe.
SNow. Mr. Lawyer, do you think
yen got a big prloe for your cotton?
No, you don't think it, and the man
who tells you so is either a fool or a
oasamate politiooal fraud, his ka
guage is as Ialt to you and the poor
woman and girls who tolled, starved
and west half clad to raise that little
me.sley crop of 8-eoot cttona.-Pitte
berg Pina er.
What builds beak buildingP In.
teseek
W hat bilde bankers' palaced In
What Iae the bakers' salaries?
Interest
What pegs the bueakers' divideMlds?
Wht pea the buabsIs' expeamser
What Isthenea*oef latareetP DebL
Newr.ar ye oily eoeaugh to believe
t'at te bp re went ebange la
the S aegetem tht will relieve
ae ct y hn y pt out e
tsin tbink that the bunters west
to desrl thoi own bueses? Do
iye nk tha & thaier d empl obLbyte
at W si es aid the sta te eptlsb
teW il la wse eantalong Meows
ii rasei
·;r A(Y~~"..
public e.ree? * * * The people
will be on hand when the nasal tones
of the sanctimonious mourners are
heard in the land. They are tired of
byp.ocrisy and fraud. They have de
cided once for all to make honest dif
ferencos of political opinion, not mere
ly the spoils, the issues of the cam
pain. I.et a few greedy bosses ut
tempt if they dare io call the peopin
away from vital issues and command
the free voters to a:d ther, in lilliru,
'iir own bottomless bread-baskets.
l.e.t them get together if they dare
and agree upon some cowra.-dly plan
to avoid or bury issues. to straddle
public questions, to capture voters
with deceitful grammer, all for the
plurpo!)se of getting the good thicgs
for themselves.
But it is :a row between the o!lice
holding faction and the English Dem
ocrats. Let 'em fight.
EDITORIAL OPINIONS.
What is a national bank bill secured
by? Bonds~ What are bonds ste
cured with? Nothing.-l'an Yn
(N. Y.) East and West.
All are coming now to be disgusted
with the straddler, and there seems
to be no further place for him in our
economy.-Waxabachie Mirror.
It is in vain that the plutocratic
press attempts to disguise the danger
to the liberties of the people from or
ganized avarice.-C'oming NatiOn.
If gold is "God's money," the
devil must have gotten it away from
Him, as his santanic majesty seems to
have control of it at present.-Long
Island (Kan.) Leader.
The Democratic patry in Texas has
been ,'called to taw" so often in the
last two years, that by next year
they will hardly be able to shoot
"over the dead-line. "-Cooper Peo
ples Cause.
The Peoples' party must preserve
harmony. A united pull-all-together
fight will surely win in 'Texas next
time. Let us all keep our eyes on
the Omaha platform and march to suc
cess.--Southern Mercury.
A certain German lost a few hun.
dred dollars recently on options.
When his neighbor asked if it was a
I"bull or a --bear," the disgusted Ger
man replied: ,"Neider: I vas a
smakass."-Kosse Cyclone.
Judge Aldredge does not propose
to waste any time next year on a
hopeless guuernatorial candidacy, but
he traveled all the way to Atlanta to
mrke a goldbug speech. Maybe it's
a senatorial bee. -Fort Worth
Gazette.
Every democrat who believes in
free coinage of silver will readily ad
mit, if he will lay prejudice aside, that
free coinage can not be accomplished
through that party wrcn a majority
of the party is against it. To prove
that the majority is against it, it is
only necessary to refer to the vote in
the last session of congress.-Corsi
cans Truth.
Comullettln .
A system of keen competition, car
ried on, as it is, without adequate
moral restraint, is very much a sys
tem of commercial cannibalism. Its
alternates are: Use the same weapons
as your antagonists or be conquered
and devoured. Success (under com
petition) is incompatible with strict
integrity.-Herbert Spencer.
The act of seeking or endea voring
to gain what another is endeavoring
to gain at the same time: rivalry; mu
tual strife for the sa me object. -Web
ster's Dictionary.
The act or proceeding of striving
for something that is sought .by an
other at the same time..-Standard
Dictionary.
The young man. on entering life,
lads the way to lucrative employment
blocked with abuses. The ways of
trade have grown selfish to the bor.
der of theft and supple to the bor
ders (U not beyond the borders) of
fradd. A teeder and intelligent con
sonlemes is a disqualifoattom for sue.
asm.-Ralph Waldo Emerson.
By thee rules (of competItion) the
enslang are the good and the weak
sad toMer the bad, and the good are
to have all the fgoods aad the weak
arSOte have mothing. * 5 It is a
race to the bad sad the winners are
the worst. Its central principle is
that strength gives the strong in the
market the right to destroy his neigh
bor.-Henry Demarest Lloyd.
Yet we are told that competition is
all rht-',ls the life of trade."
Tab On.
There ca be no over prodmotion of
eostee or 'wheat where msillioe of
out a living. Under-oou
amptle, produeed by the inability
to hey, is the trebl--.-Shrevport
?u as hqig write. Jast what
ob isp.elt have been mte6Alag al
Obe of the easecesatbb thaies Ia
k th ata lot of. Eaase ppub
fedaLepba fre eelPe
WINO PAT'S WEDDING.
A Notable Function in High Chinese
Soeety in San Francisco.
Wing Fat, a well-kno-.n member of
the Chinese colony, wae married at 5
o'clock Sunday morning to Miss Mow
Sing Yu, niece of Li Hoy fHung, presi
dent of one of the Six Companies. Last
night the bride and groom entertained
their friends at dinner at the Hank
Fer Low restaurant on Dupont street.
Some 200 Chinese and between thirty
and forty ladies and gentlemen were
present. The bride is a demure little
Chinese woman, just 18 years of age.
She is but a recent arrival in San
Francisco, having come from her Ori
ental home to marry Mr. Fat, who is
the foreman for Louis Meyerstein &
Co., and is worth over $100,000, says
San Francisco Examiner. There were
but few at the wedding, and the pecu
liar Chinese ceremony was performed
in one of the temples of the Six Con.
panies. When the bridal company ai
rived at the restaurant last night there
was a great display of colored lightu
and a perfect fusillade of bombs and
firecrackers. The banquet room was
decorated in brilliant colors and aglow
with the light of many Chinese lan
terns. The white guests were seated
at a different table from the Chinese,
and at the table where the latter were
seated the groom presided with his
bride. Mrs. Fat had on a light green
silk costume trimmed with gold bro
cade and many precious stones. The
groom was arrayed in a silk suit suit
able to his rank and fortune. The menu
was most elaborate and there was
nothing to mar the festivities of the
evening in the least. The white guests
enjoyed the affair as much as any who
were present, and the groom was fully
equal to the occasion, both in the dig
nity of his bearing and the mannner
in which he welcomed the guests in.
true Oriental style. After the Chi-'
nese fashion, the speechmaking and the
popping of champagne corks openedI
up the wedding dinnner. Li Hoy Hung,
the bride's uncle, made addresses both
in Chinese and English. A Chinese ,
dinner of choice and rare dishes was
then served. But these many and va- 1
ried courses did not conclude the repast
for to the surprise of many of the Chi
nese and white guests a dinner cooked
and served in the American style fol
lowed. .Each lady in the party was
presented by the bride with a fan, a
pair Of ivory chopsticks and a Chinese
bracelet. Every gentleman received as
a memento of the occasion a handsome
pipe. At the conclusion of the dinner
the guests repaired to one of the Chi
i nese theaters, where a performance by
Chinese children was in progress for
the entertainment of Mr. and Mrs. Fat.
The latter and their relatives to
gether with all the white guests, occu
pied boxes and seats on the stage.
EVILS OP OVER-EATING.
USalie Neatralised by Esertse High
Weedllng Is Extremely HrarftaL
I assert that it is the duty of the
good housewife to keep down the appe
tite of her husband, writes the Rev.
F. 8. Root Particularly is this neces
sary in the cases of well-to-do profes
sional and business men. In the fam
ilies of mechanlcs earning low wages
such a warning is almost wholly un
necessary, but it may be said of most
men in good circumstances that they
eat too freely of rich food. if men
would begin careful and systematic
physical culture in early youth and con
tinue the practice through life, good
health would be the result. Beyond
the ag of forty-at a period when so
many are physically lazy-the superi
or value of exercise is apparent; but
ordinarily, this is just the time when
the hygiene of athletics is neglected.
There is no reason why a punching
beg, rowing-machine, pulley-weight:
and other apparatus should be rele
gated to college boys and clerks. But
having done a good deal of work in his
time It is almost imposslble to persuade
a busines or professional man, turn
tg lerty, Lo give any sort of attention
to physical culture if such training has
been previously neglected. Hence, I
s U itis the duty of a woman to keep
trem her husband all rich compounds
that will ultimately rain his digestion.
High feedfal is ocaslonally neutral
led by hard eercise; but in the ab
amea of the latter it is milchievous in
the extreme. If your husband will
stand the treatment, begin by swltch
ig oR from the heavy breakfast of
steak, hot rolls, potatoes, etc., and set
beforehim ~legg-eu-tOast, oat-meal and
ese sad tee.
The people of this contry drink
ight timm u as mech elee uas tee.
Prelt. tkel of Jena, the Orentallt.
Is Mtill lo ringr at 3.
ssertlag QVeaumptives.
CINCclULTI, Oct. 21.--Special.--Re
ports say that a leading life insurance
company is accepting risks to the
aniouot of #500,000 on lives of oo*
snmptives tlakir the Amick Chemieai
Treatmeat for lun diaeae. The alek
Chemlial Co. of CiOaciLnati is taaully
pa-yinl the premiums on this iasurane
sad preselttng policis to their pa.
tiente. This company olais to have
the meet complete statistios o con
sumpttoa nla the world, and that these
risks are good. providilg the peaties
t$ke * 0IW 9r te Auq tstolresetmea
OUR BRITISH BOSSES.
BEAUTIES OF OUR PRESENT i
BOND SYSTEM.
Mew American and Foreign Bankers are
Sapping the Existence of the People cl
Through the Corrupt RLulings and g
Practices of Democratic Officials
By the 1st of October the time dur
ing which the Rothschild bond-syndi
cate hired itself to the government
to keep our gold reserve in repair will
have expired. ii
Then what will we do:
Rotchschild and among 'em charg
ed us only $1),000).Il, to keep our
gold reserve in repair from February ti
to October.
The time will soon be out and our
gold reserve will need more carpen- r,
try. Will it take ten more millions
to repair it eight more months? tl
And will it take ten more millions t
another eight months after that?
We had to borrow the money to pay
the first ten millions. We will have a
to borrow the money to pay the next n
ten millions, and so on from term to c,
tterm. e
What will the end be?
Sixty-seven million of people, worth w
$60,000,000,000, sold to a dozen or so ii
bankers, and bound hand and foot by c
a written contract drawn up by the tl
president's law partner. That's the t1
situation'
Are you proud of a gov'ernment o
which thus sells its people? u
Are you certain of your future lib
erties when you can thus be handed a
over to the servitude of an insolent b
syndicate of bankers?
It needs no prophet to tell your fu- e
ture. 8i
On and after October 1st the Wall ti
streeters will begin to raid your gold ri
reserve once more. a
SThe treasury notes of 1890, issued b
to pay for silver bullion which bullion
the law said should be coined in sulf- i
cient quantities to redeem said treas- b
ury notes, will be carried to the treas- y
ury by the raiders. They will de- tl
mand geld for said treasury notes. ti
The law says they can only demand a
*'coin." Cleveland says that "coin" a
means gold, only. o
Therefore the men whom the law
contemplated as getting silver dollars
in exchange for the notes issued to jl
pay for the silver, will get all gold
and no silver. Then the government
having paid out gold where the law c
contemplated silver, finds itself short
on gold. e
The raiders have taken out the gold k
with the silver purchase notes.
The government having paid out f,
the gold, must get it back again-else I
our precious gold reserve would r
shrink.
A "shrinkage" of our precious t
gold reserve cannot be thought of f,
without a shudder-a simultaneous, ,
unanimous and enthusiastic shudder. r
A shudder of this particular sort y
can only be cured with bonds; non
taxable, banking privilege, interest e
bearing bonds.
The moment these bonds are issued a
the shudder quits. In fact we never a
knew of a shudder which was more
amenable to treatment than the Wall ,
street shudder about our gold re- r
serve.
It's like thunder and lightning in a
play at the theatre-it'll stop when
ever it is properly requested so to do.
Bonds having been issued and the
Wall street shudder having been o
cured, what next? t
Another raid on the gold reserve,
and another well regulated shudder t
in financial circles-duly chronicled
by the hireling editors of the old r
party papers.
This shudder, like the other, can j
only be cured by issuing more bonds t
to get the gold back once more from
the raiders.
The government having got the b
gold back from the raiders, the raid
ers gather up another lot of silver
purchase notes and get the gold back
from the government again. t
Every time this game is worked it s
means a bigger debt for you and your a
children. It moans higher taxes, and t
darker homes. These bonds are your t
debts, and the taxes you pay are the g
ppoflts the raiders have made by hid- ,
ing away their wealth where it pays
no tax, draws interest from your c
taxes, and forms a basis for banking t
by which another profit at your ex
pense is reaped. r
When will this monkeying with the a
gold-reserve stop?
When will the government and the e
raiders quit playing into eacb other's t
hands? d
Not until the bonds have been run
up to a sum so enormous that your I
taxas can no longer meet the intereL.
To this limit they are going to go.
Beyound it they do not care to go. I
They are not such fools ias to kill the a
goose.
The syndicate whieh would not ap
preiat, the ownership of just such a
copiously Idliote goose as the Amer. C
oicon taxpayer would be hard to
Plea-e. . I
Very hard.
The law mid that the prialmpal ad
intersee on the beoads shoold be paId I
in *eola."
The law said tt import dutLee
Obuul4 be paid in *eoia" It
The scheme of the law was that the 4
import duties should supply the coin
needed to pay the interest on the
bonds.
I! this law was carried oit. we
woeild always be flush of coin, and
bond issues could not be forced
But Cleveland says that coin, at the
custom house, means either silver or
gold.
Therefore the Wall streeters pay
the import duties in silver.
At the treasury. Cleveland says the
word coin means gold.
Therefore the Wall streeters get t
gold.
In this ardent way ( leveland piays
into the hands of the W\all streeters,
and they catch the tax payer:, both
ways.
1Do you believe that ( lcvel-lnd pros
titutes public policy to the Wa.! street
syndicate in this way without being
paid for it-either directly or indi
rectly?
What will be the rext move. after t
the raiders have got all ttie bonds
they want?'
The retirement of the greenback:
The paper money of the go\ern
ment is to be destroyed, and the mo
nopoly of issuing currency and of
controlling its volumes is to be hand
ed over to the national bankers. Sil- 1
ver will be token money only; gold
will be the money of reserves and
final payment; bank notes will be the t
currency of the business world, and
the national bank monopoly will set
their own price upon that.
Take a broad view of the tendency
of events, and see if this isn't the sit
uation which threatens us:
First-The nation's public revenues'
mortgaged to Wall street syndicates
by means of bonds.
Second--The nation's private rev
enues put at the mercy of the WallI
street syndicates by means of the
transportation taxes levied by the
railroads; and the taxes levied on the
medium of exchange by the national I
bank monopoly.
Now bear in mind that the Wall
street syndicate which own your
bonds also own your railroads and
your national banks, and remember
that if these three agencies of extor
tion be powerful in the hands of sep
I arate owners, they are simpiy irre
sistible when united in the hands of
one gigantic combination!
Isn't your future rather perilous?
What influences control the Kepub
lican party and dictate its policies?
These Wall street syndicates.
What influences control the Demo.
cratic party and dictate its policies?
SThe very same syndicates. And
every intelligent voter who wants to
I know it. knows it.
When I have the power to levy the
freight rate, I can put it so high that
I can leave you all the labor and the
i risk, while I take all the proit.
When I have a monopoly of issuing
I the currency, I can fix such a charge
I for the use of it, that all the profit
will come to my bank. while all the
risk, toil and trouble will come to
I your store.
When I have a deal with the gov
I ernment by which I pay no tax on my
wealth, but, on the contrary, derive
I a privileged income from your tax,
r all the fatness of all the land will
gradually find its way to my larders,
I while all the emptiness and all the
raggedness. and all the hardships
will come to you and to yours.
6 Is this plain?"
The Wall street syndicates occnpy
precisely that position to-day, and
I you, by your vote for one or the other
of the old parties, helped them to get
there.
Won't you now help us to dislodge
r them?
After due reflection, the following
I remarks seem to us to be clearly true:
First-The preacher who makes
a Jesus Christ take a back seat when
I the interests of the Democratic party
I are at stake, was laboring under an
honest mistake of fact when he thought
B he heard "a cal" to preach.
It was some other noise he heard.
r Second-A prohibitionist who sup
Sports the Democratic ticket was mis- 1
taken when he supposed his con
science wouldn't let him support
a bar-room candidate. He knows now
I that his consiolence isn't so easy to
r tearand rip as he feared it was. He
finds,. to his immense comfort, that it
will stretch.
Third-That the free silver Demo
Scrat who remains with his party in
Sthe hope of getting "relief" inside
the party should lose no time in
reaching an agreement with the Alli
I ance Democrat to make wills in each
others favor, and to mutually plodge
* each other that the survivor will at
5 tend the funeral of the one which
dies first
SIf it should be farther agreed that
r Iivingston should be the executor
of whatever assets they may leave,
Sand testamentary guardian of any de
scendante, who may be left lying
Saround loose, the arrangement will
be all the more fitting, tatisfactory
- sad proper.
SFourth-That if there is any politi
Soal body oa this earth which is pre
s seelly i·k . muale-in that it has
aeither pride of ancestry nor hope of
posterity, It's a Demooatto free sil
Sver oeoveatio..-Atlanta (G.) P*.
£ pe's Party Paper.
* If Grover Clevelsand gets a tbtd
turu" it should be a term in tho pea.
Scarlet Fev;r Settled in the Back
AN OPERATION WAS UNSUC
CESSFULLY PERFORMED.
The Patient Was Finally IRestored, After
Eighteen Years.
From the Evening News, Newark, N. J
About eighteen years ago, when Mrs
Annie Dale. of s BIruice Street. was a
bright. merry school girl, she was taken ill
with scarlet fever. hlle recovered, but she
was a very different gir fromu a lphysial
standpoint. She was, cured of the scanrlet
fever but it left her w\ith an atl'ection ot the
adk. A.\ she grew older the Iain a seemed
to iucrea-e. Her slufferings were inteusitloeI
by her hoIlcellhold duties. iut sle iies leri'ontl
plainud and with one hanul ressed tigihtly
to her Ia'k she did her w\ork alt out her
Ozy i hione.
I w as tourteen years old %% lhen 1 \us at
tacked with scarlet fever, and have now
sutl'ere. wsith my lark for eluhteen year
"Night and day I sullered. It really
seemed as if I must sou uImb to the pain.
and then to make matters w,r-e. lmy head
ached so i adlv that I coul .arlelyv see, at
times. Finally I went to St Mlichael's
Hospital, at the corner of High Street and
Central Avenue, and there the surgeons
performed a difficult operation on my lack
but it did no good; it was like everything
else. I was told at the hospital to return
tor another operation, but the first had left
me so weak I could not go back. Then again
I had become discouraged and my three
children needed my attention and care at
hovue. The pain became harder to stand
and my back was almost broIken, it seemed.
I thought 1 would never know wshat it
would be like to be well a:ain when 1 was
told to try Dr. Williams' lTink Pill,. With
many doubts, a faint heart and aching
back I went to get the pill., and little
dreaming that they would prove the elixir
of a new life to me. 1 began to take them.
July a short time elapsed I efore I egan to
niprove. Could it to lpossile that Dr.
iWilliamus' Pink Pills wet e doing s hat every
thing else had failed to accomnpli-h 1 asked
nmyse!f the question many time; and before
lon. I was enabled by my improved condi
tion to answer the query with an emphatic
'Yes.' Now the pain or almost twenty years
is cured by these iink Pills in a few
mouths. I have no lain of any kind now,
but I have got some of lDr. W\illiams' Pink
Pills for Pale People, and while I do not
think it will ever be necessary to use them
I again, 1 shall certainly never i.e without
L them in the house."
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills contain. in acon
depsed form, all the elements no essary to
give new life and richness to the blood and
restore shattered nerves. They are also a
specific for troubles peculiar to females.
such as suppressions, irregularities and all
forms of weakness. They build tip the
blood. and restore the gloss of health to pale
and sallow cheeks. In men they effect a
radical cure in all cases arising Irom mental
worry, overwork or excesses of whatever
nature. Pink Pills are sold in boxes (never
in loose bulk) at 5) cents a box. or sx boxes
for $2.-W, and may be had of all druggists,
or direct by mail from Dr. \'illiams' Medi
cine Company, Schenectady, N. Y.
Eeoaomleat Christians.
The Free Will Baptist church at
Jackson, Mich., has inaugurated a
new development of our modern Christ
ianity. They have got tired of pay
ing a preacher for doing what they
can do just as well, or better, them
selves, so a dozen of the foremest men
in the congregation have agreed to
take the pulpit a week about in rota
tion and dispense with the parson.
A Hook for Women.
To assist modest, afflicted women in
the successful treatment of diseases
- peculiar to their sex, a book has been
prepared under the direction of Rev.
i . ,. McElree, assisted by eminent
physicians and specialists, entitled
Home T'reatment of Female Diseases.
The book is written in simple lan
guage, easily understood,and contains:
let. --A description of the female
organism.
t'd.--Instructions for detecting the
approach of the menstrual age, and
for treatment during the monthly
period, and to insure its regular return.
Srd.-A minute description of dis
eases affecting the genital, urinary and
menstrual organs of women, giving
their cause, symptoms and treatment.
A paper edition of this great book has
been prepared, copies of which can be
secured for sit cents in postage. Write.
Rev. R. L. MoElree, St. Elmo, Tenn.
S A "Palanquta."
A Philadelphia undertaker has
made a great hit by contriving a spe
cial vehicle for the use of pallbearers
at a funeral. It is made to hold eight
persons, and is built of a hearse-like
form and tastily draped in mourning.
SHe calls it a ,palanquin" It is very
r much admired by the people who
want stylish funerals, and has boomed
the lucky inventor.
5'retty as a Pieture.
It is said Clarice Terry, the physi
cally perfect woman, gives the best
representations of classical statuary
ever seen on the American stage.
Miss Terry is well able to produce the
works of famous sculptors, having the
Sphysique aid beautiful outline neces
sary, she being the winner of a 100it)0
primse offered for the bandsomest
formed woman on the American stage.
When Miss Terry poses for a living
picture there is no mystery about her
Smakeup.
Depow telails one on himself, and it
I must be true. A ragged and be
whiskered individual stopped Mr. De
Spew on Fifth avenue and asked him
for a dime. He was given a quarter.
- and, after thanking Mr. D)epew, said.
. *'May I ask who you are, sir?" In a
s rather oanfidential tone Mr. ,Depew
,fI aswered: *I am Grover Cleveland,
Spresidenta of the United States; and
who are yoeaP" *'Me?" said the men
dicant, in a tone of surprise and dis
dais, "I am Chaudcey Depew. presl
Ideat ofte New York Central rail
seead."