LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS.
VOL. II. NATCHITOCHES, LOUISIANA, FRIDAY, MAY '9, 1896I. NO. 41.
i i_ aa i n
All mromopoiy in land must be abo!
ithed.
The old party leader can beat a squir
rel dodging.
The whisky and seven thoueand oth
er temts must go.
No two Democrats are agreed upon
ans three questions.
Down with all monopoly and favorit
insm by and under kaw.
The Old Alcade l succeeded in
etirring up the animals.
Public opin-on is ooncentrlw:ing
agalrnt the two old parties.
Honesty seems to be at a heavy dis
count, but it is on the rise.
Kearby is the man of sdl the clan to
make the Dpiret hide out.
Repeal every law by wihidh a bond
can be issued for any purpose.
To win, we must have harmony in
every county, just must have it
Gov. Hog and George Gould are
now very lose friends. Such is life.
Tax receipts are much In evidence
in Texas, and will be more so this tall.
The Old Alcalde has an enlarment
of the nalnation, that's all.
If the Old Alcade eapeeas to get
some Populist tvoes he is badly mla
taken.
Stump Adhby is being instructed for,
by may coaste for lieutenant gov
ernor.
Reformers have oaly one thisg to
fear, and that is in being counted out.
Organise
Bitterneas in politics, business or re
Hgion does no gaod, does not pay and
is foolish.
Uanke the old party leaders, the
devil always poses as a deceiver. Which
is the most honest?
The Pomlsllt who tefuaes to vote his
ticket after aintag helped to make it, 1i
not a true PapoMt.
ornrupt geas panders to selpsh
ff0., aad the world is r~led by the
lmpudence of wealth.
The Populist who refines to vote for
the ambes of the party isk Popu
Mat. He is something else.
So tr a the Iw It concerned, let
as have justice sad peatet equality
speor privileges to mone.
Be temperate in all tbh , even in
patieal debamt; yvd eatremes and
bau language, they do ao ood.
The Pplishs will proceed this fall
n "taer Teams lIoe" by defeating the
Culbemsom tsally sau their lmgers on.
Ia Ups r eoaaty the egrs voted
i es Deumbera~ peerles for coun
ty o!oers. Whlat to you tbk* of it?
Rqams every iw by which a debt
s be coflected by law, and lt as re
twa to ami praetice e nmm honesty.
Stick to tim eardinasl pri'iples of
aud, Iashe anad tranwortation re
faoh be Alhae as Omegaf reform.
In the limer dow the path of
the future we os the wreck, sad the
soaitred reals of the two old par
ties.
Democracly ad Republeaniam fairly
Inataerpreted mesas, "give us all the pie."
But tee people "ain't gloin' do I" any
more.
Repean airy trw that gives say
a or at of n pevileges over their
sere but bo tha s at we have
Ieier thus fai and that belesa
eumai out--Diemome comamee is
like rbber.
led. mame Ie Trmportation,
eadl to be een and acemplihed an
d'illi AMp tls;h eitMr smes are
ad sol  a very pair esractar.
m 'lilla o s eya.. t mrsed
falt at the two dehloes by
Ir am ea la been C dad ar
eamn,' li t eaam to the maser
*Is ep e tm"ar b ad: *'OeSO
4aA'MWtWAIuAY TICKWP. Upabur
 itty pe, k 9d , Am A per
• se .. E ds es hY-r s ,ate
d petale es tear
U~w 46Wlr td~il ar -
-ar -
;dttina*
agemelt
! Men who are crazy for office, who
.ump into the Populist party and an
Ir anunce for office, are not always the
ia.fest exponents of our principles.
h- 'Tis plenty of money that can give
sweetee: pleasures while we Mve (0o
they say), but, 'tis religion that must
33 supply solid comforts when we die.
Work Populists, work before it is
t- everlastingly too late to save to our
s,:ves and our posterity the herb:age
in ot liberty, bequeathed to us by noble
sires.
If the Populists will organize a club I
at every box in the Sta e, so as to keep
from being counted out, and preserv,
s- b..rmony in their ranks, we will sweep
Tenx,. -
to A Populist that would rather see a
Denmocrut elected to a county office t
than his party nominee, just because'
d he was not his choice, is not Populist
'o hurt.
n How the Democrats and Republi
oans chuckle when they see Populists
fighting one another. They laugh at
our folly and rejoice at the hope of
their success.
The Democratic cour: house rings are
. putting the blind bridles of prejudice d
t on every man possible, so as to vote
him this fall. to the end that they may
oonttine at the pie counter.
it -
The Populists can not succeed unless ft
they have harmony in every county. ti
After the majority has spoken let ev- te
r, cry man acquiesce and put his aMoul- fP
der to the wheel and push.
Hope has a wonderful influence over el
° man. "Pl the hope of office that keeps
Smultiptied thousands of men in the d
two old par:ies. This fall, however,
their hopes will be crushed. a
ql
What is the difference between a P
goklbug Democrat and a goldbug Re- at
a publican? If there is any, what is
It? Bob are working for English In- g
terejss with might and main. a
9 The negro vote in the counties where m
3 they are in the majority was counted li
for Hcgg in his as: race, and for Cul- m
benson in his first race for governor. et
We do not know how they voted. w
Populists are r.,: fightin, national
hankers as i4dividuals, they are our
neighbors, but it is the law that gives
men the r'.g t to run a a7'-ol bank
that we object to, and it must go.
Congres is doing but l ttleof any be
value or significance to the country, ex- w
cept it Is p !2 g appztorlaktoa blus I
and searching for an issue tfr ,.ohe t
campaign this fall. The old frauds! P
Juda3 Iaoarlot betrayed bhis master cc
for thirty pieces of silver, and the is
goCdbugqs, both so-oalled Democrate ra
and RepqubMaas, are try'mg to betray bt
us to the Engh for i,. sake of office. or
"Tell It in Gath and publish it in
Askelon," that law makes money. Get ad
a an to accept this truth and all is Ut
pLin to him. He can then see how dr
the people have beca robbed, always. m,
lacresied tax ion end deflciciaes mt
Is a poor record to go before the coun- ne
try ct ,but that is all the Democracy otl
has to offer the people, aside from the
traditions and coon dog stories of the
dead past,
Did youa evr try to study out the de
wall paper on a wall? Might as well m4
try to determine who. an old party ttr
leader is going to do, as to try to eatch an
all the oanblatnumons that appear on
some wall paper. thi
be
A Lmage Reward: A liberal reward sat
will be aid for a presidential eandi- to
date who can suoesssfuly "ride the gold gI
setadwdrl outage and the fre silver l
ese at the same time. Apply for tie
das to the Demnocratic paOty. ei
Cli
The two old parties are held togeth~er t
by pluader and threadbare prejudice.
But ason is sppraMag, the light Br
Is breaklng, men are thinking about *a
leavig m leadlera alone to worry a
and eleoItonmer with a msauthr. Ye
Ex-Goveror Rabe,~re, ia Ms as
oacnemeot for mgovernor, p etlcay
says to the Dmnrts of Tetas: "I do
say to you that if you love Teams ad w
wont to rescu it from the control of
rls l the futulre, now Its the time to
your fearless ladepenadac and
patriotism." te people will
ar their patrotiem tai fall by vot
lhs the PopuIs ticket, also their in
dewem6 mee of ring.
The aursoad baks are now meding bat
te ( ul g s the waU, ad whe tat
thet hat 4he days of he ber
sntiim - maured, sLat thr ares
gs to ake trong bt Ia mh ofI
Etafor ulcbese: oae o tab two sa
Mr~ar~t~m apas to beh UeaceMwl- g
e or am the Ikn att voate. r . .a
aMkM: In Ta. s they put r eve"
-li e bsee twnahae orn.·w am
e ato h tah5 a s ihtee rm Ua
r t. a 4 a  tBoeL r.a ega
b Jeh s ntat' as week -n
in ea h opr se a r
_a sut Ia oh ap lng s bea
- rra b ena
.SplrMt a ll~r -4'
-.iL~ZkJCr Clll
- GAME DOESN'T WORK.
he
REFORM CLUB OF NEW YORK
re DELUGED WITH NAYS.
8t Country Publishere Do Not Tant Free
Stereotype Plates - 5 mpie of the
-o Hundreds of Letters Being Receiverd
- by the Brltishers Dally.
le In reply to liberal offers of free plate
service the Reform Club is being de
luged with hundreds of letters, like tile
b following from editor of the Press.
P Adrian, Mich.:
W A few days since we received a letter
'p from the sound currency annex of the
"Reform Club" of New York. a sort of
a mugwump combine, with more money
. than principle, offering us plate matter
*'and supplements free, containing gold
st tandard arguments. We have rrnt
the following reply:
Calvin Tompkins, Esq..
Chairman. etc.
Dear Sir: I am in receipt of your let
Lt ter of recent date, containing a propo
if sition for pushing the "educational
work for a sound currency" and also
' sample of the educational literature you
desire to furnish. You say you will
e furnish me free. every four weeks a
page of plates, and a 1,000 supplements,
being broadsides for sound currency.
This you do to "resist the efforts of the
a free coinage advocates to put this coun
try on a free silver basis." I observe.
too, that you are a section of the "Re
form club" of New York.
I heartily approve of any and cr·ery
r effort in behalf of sound currency. The
great business interests of the country
demand that we not only have a sound
currency but that we have a reliable
and anti-monopoly currency, azmple in
quantity and uniform in quality, with
power to pay any debt of the country
at any time, and any place, to any per
son, for anything, a currency that Is as
good in a farmer's wallet, as In a b'ik:
a currency so sound that it will pay "
bond, or pension; a mortgage or a
I month's wages, and one that cannot be
I .laced at a premium in order that it
may be demanded of the government in
exchange for any other currency. We
want an honest currency, one that will
pay the wage-earner and the interest
taker; one that will pay the gun holder
and the bond holder; one that the
United States alone issues and fathers;
one that will fight our battles, or buy
our wheat; one as much for the use and
benefit of the producers of the country
who raise the 700 millions dollars ex
ports for our foreign trade as well as for
those who buy the bonds and clip cou
pons.
We need a currency so sound that no
combine of financial thieves can organ
ise a raid on the treasury and embar
rass it in its dealings, and disturb the
business interests of the country, in
order that the currency they hold, may
be turned into an Interest-bearing debt.
We need a sound currency, that will
admit of no Juggling, nor compel the
United States to keep on hand a hun
dred million dollars in any one kind of
money just to accommodate a class of
men who make their living by raids on I
the currency reserve, not because they
need one kind of money more than an
other, but simply to make trouble.
We need a sound currency law which I
would oppose every effort to embarrass
the government, by demanding the re
demption of the government's paper I
money, and declare such a demand high
treason, punishable with death here, '
and damnation hereafter. t
The only sound currency I recall, was 8
the old "red dog" that was in existence C
before the war, and which as I under- c
stand it, your "Reform" club is anxious '
to restore, and that you voiced this by o
getting such a scoundrelly proposition t
inserted into the last democratic r.a
tomal platform and it is favored by the I
reform president, the Hen. Groverd
Cleveland, an ardent "sound currency" t
stateman, who links arms with Sher- a
man, McKinley, PFairchild, Hoar, Reed, t
Brice, Carlisle, and the two Moartons, b
one the seed secretary in the cabinetv
and the other a political seed in New t
York.
Believing In a sound curreney and in
the honesty of our forefathers who on
docted the government before you
were formed or reformed, feeling that P
they made am mistake when they estab- C
Itshed silver and gold for nunlimlited a
colage at the ratio of 18 to 1, and I
knowing that up to 1873 both metals tl
were a "sond currency" (exeept darlng 0
the war, when gold and a lot of '"re-l
tierer" .slipped out of the country, 0
and watched the soldiers and green- ii
backs put down the rebellion), I nahesi- II
tatngly declare for sound currency and a
,asest mosey. I
I belleve the United 8tates in the dlays 0
of 'I to '5, made mo mistake when gold ml
ad its frlemds were not "at home," in Il
a lsng the greeambacks, and declar- S
adm them mosey and they have been ii
ever siae, the only really "soandl
measy" of this oenmtry, and that the 4
man who Mands their redemption in h
aed, Just to get the gold for mosey to t
m- at home or habroad, is a thief, and h
hu g pltam Msm tuhan Jeff Devis, alm
wh . llrts wer devoted to destroy- t
ba the eabtry the greanbacks saved. ra
The mas who ask for greenhbacks to
hbe usdamsmd in eM, will, if given the
a .etalt, deamad that the Saver al
'-4' ,-,i_. _.
who died to sabe them, may be prose
cuted for coming to life again.
A peru;al of your piane editorials
K convinces me that you are masquerad
ing under false colors. You are advo
cating the only dishonest money
known.
1 You are oppstaing the best interests
* of the people.
d You are fighting silver, the people's
money, and you firb* it for selfishness.
You oppose it because you do not
wish to see money plentiful.
And this leads me to remark that
e sound currency must bear a lower rate
of interest.
The farmers and wage earners get it,
simply to exchange it for labor.
e Th-y are willing to work and trade
lab(,.
TLIy '.o not want the interest in the
r exchange, to rob them of their profits.
Now sir, I suggest that you reform at
once.
Adopt honest methods. Men have
been sent to prison for less than tour
"reform" proposition to me. I am a
poor man. I, however, own my own
office and have been taught politically
that bribery is a crime. I art not
o willing to sell out my views to a rich
syndicate, able and willing to debauch
the press of the country. You can pur
chase my t lant. but not my ideas or my
views. You cannot furnish gold
enough to get your plate editorials In
to my paper, either.
The Piess is for sound currency, one
that is good for all classes, at all times;
a currency of the United States and
good for the world.
It is for the free coinage of silver as
an honest and sound currency, and to
place the law of 1873, back Cn our
statute books should be the first deity
of every true, loyal citizen.
The enemy of silver is the enemy of
this country.
The man who attempts to disrupt the
union, is no more a traitor than he who
disrupt our currency, or who opposes
its restoration.
I am fully able to write my own edi
torials and express my own views.
If I want manufactured pewter-pre
pared editorial utterances, I can pay for
them. The shameless heresies you out
forth, under the guise of "sound cur
rency" ought to convince every loyal
democrat of the country that you are
conspiring with the republican party
to maintain the robbing gold standard,
and that the only hope that the farmers,
workmen and business men of the
country have is to repudiate your "re
form methods, and denounce you as the
germ of all monopoly, trusts, aristocracy
and caste, and as dangerous to a gov
ernment of the people, as a wolf is to
a flock of lambs.
I do not wish your plates, nor your
broadsides. I know the devil's hoof
when I see It, and a "reform" cloak
does not hide it in this Instance.
Yours for silver, greenbacks and
gold, irredeemable and interchangeable.
W. STEARNS
How It Work..
Straws show which way the wind
blows, and hero are a couple of straws.
On Thursday, April, 2, there were two
petitions presented to Congress. One
of them was from the Massachusetts
State Board of Trade of Boston, and its
object is the maistenance of the single
gold standard in coinage. The other
was from the Drill Press and Milling
Machine Union, No. 6503, American
Federation of Labor, of Toledo, Ohio,
praying for the free and unlimited coin
age of silver. The fate of these two pe
titions is highly complimentary to the
spirit of American fair play, the prin
ciple of Republican justice, the theory c
of liberty and equal rights for all, A
which Is by a somewhat fantastic flight c
of the imagination supposed to pervade t
this ideal land. The gold standard peti- t
tion was very courteously referred to
the Committee on Finance. and will
doubtless be utilized when needed in
the future to brace and sustain the ree
ommendatlons of that astute commit
tee. The other petition, that of the la
boring men for the free coinage of sll
ver on the same terms as are extended
to gold, was ordered laId on the table,
or in other words snuffed out of exist
ence then and there. It is worth noting
too, as an instance of the irony of fate,
that the plea of the iron workers was
presented by Senator John Rhterman, of b
Ohio, himself the Judas Isacrlot of In
ance, who has done more than any ten c
living men to prostitute the coinage of ,
the American Republic to the base usea a
of European money leaders. There ia
at the present time but one satlsfatelino
connected with this incident, and that
is the irony of fate in another direction
in casting down the ambitious and
withering the hope of the Ohio states
man, whom nature generously enrlch
ed with gifts, whose life work was the
attainment of the Presidency, but who
is to-day standing on the threshold of
another world, with the asses of Sodom
nla his parched mouth, with the honora
Presidency cut off by his perf dy,
a keen realization gnawi, g at
that his treason to the he sest
toilers of his native land, while It say
have made him rich, has also made bim
more to be pitied in the evening of life
than the pauper dying in squalor md
rags.
The right kind of a Chrltlaa rU
alwars de rght.
OWN THE RAILROADS.
ls
d- PEOPLE HAVE RIGHTS AS WELL
AS CORPORATIONS.
Sts Brother HIItekley Discuesee Some of the
Reasons Why The Government Should
-S Own the Ralroade-Ounly ia Questlon
S. of Common Sense.
ot
at Macaulay, in an essty written in
tot 1824, makes this observation:
"The blind reverence for things n
tclent is indeed so foolish that it might
make a wise man laugh if it were not
de also sometimes so mischievous that it
would rather make a good mar weep."
he "Vested rights" belong in the cate
ts. gory of "things ancient blindly rever
at enced," the absurdity and seriousness
of which, in this latter day of the nine
•e teenth century, cannot be better exem
ur plified than in the treatment accorded
a to the railroads of this country. The
rn "rights" by which a few men control
ly with an iron hand every avenue and
ot outlet of our gigantic, far-reaching
h commercial system, and out of which
:h they have accumulated fortunes so vast
r- as would put to shame even the vivid
1Y oriental imagination that conceived the
Id Arabian nights, were "vested" in them
1- by laws enacted by legislators who
were elected as representatives of the
1e people.
The ridiculousness and the serious
d ness which have followed the people's
blind reverence of the rights which
i they have conferred upon railroads are
o about equally divided and are worthy
i of a few moments' consideration.
A corporation gets a charter for a
) railroad, then, on the ground that its
construction will benefit the public, it
1 appeals to the various counties, town
0 ships or municipalities through which
_ it has located its line on paper for aid.
The assistance is voted, say, by a given
county to the extent of $200,000. The
construction of the road begins, but
In its progress through the county in
stanced it runs up against the farm of
it some independent (?) tiller of the soil,
who enters an objection to its passage
through "his" place and declares that
his "vested right" In his farm shall not
, be sacrificed for any railroad that ever
, was. But the railroad gives "bond"
for the settlement of any damage
which the farmer may sustain and goes
I through, and when the case comes to
court, the farmer learns for the first
y time that his "vested r:ght" in the
farm, although of as ancient origin as
o most vested rights, must give wty to
the "weal of the public" as represented
r by the railroad's "vested right" to go
f where it pleases. The $200,000 voted
in aid of the corporation was more
than sufficient to construct every inch
of the road through the level prairie
county voting it, and today the state
auditor's report shows that the entire
property of the railroad in that coun
ty is assessed for tax purposes at less
than $150,000. This means that the
company is not only not taxed on any
property of its own in that county, but
has $50,000 capital furnished by the
citizens of that county upon which it
pays no tax. But this is not "social
Ism" or "paternalism;" oh, no, its
"business."
The same state in which the above
instanced railroad is located (Illinois),
has on Its statute books a law which
provides that if a person be killed by
any railroad in the state the surviving
relatives shall not be allowed to col
lect exceeding $5,000 damages. If the
person be only crippled, however, he
can get any damPges that he can prove,
and it has happened that cripples have
collected more than double the amount
their relatives could have obtained if
they had been killed outright.
This state also happens to be the field
in which the power wielded by rail
roads over the personal liberty of the
citizen has recei-ed its most startling
illustration. The imprisonment of
Debe by "injunction" instead of by a
jury of his peers has dignified the pop
ulists' proposition for government
ownership into the most important
question before the American people
today. The money question, even in its
entirety, Involves no such consequences
as the continuation of this newly risen
but rapidly becoming omnipotent des
potism which spurns the personal lib
erty of the humble citizen from its path
with the same cold blood that it buys
a legislature or corrupts a court.
How are you going to get the rall
roads? asks a doubting Thomas.
The people, under God, are omnipo
tent. They must take possession of the
railroads exactly in the way that a
railroad takes possession of the land
It needs. The railroads do not pay
bncy prices for the citizen's land,
nelther should the citizen pay fancy
prices for the railroads, The value of
the railroads is Axed by their owners
at about $10.000.000,000.
Squeeae the water out of this and the
residue would reprsent very little
more than the amount of the satlonal
debt at the close of the war. Let the
government print this amount of full
legal tender money, not pronises to
pay, and pay It to the railroad rvnera.
and it will not only own the roads, but
it will have partially solved the money
'roblem. "But the Increased patron
i T age would make the party in power i.
* vincible."
The only danger that comes from the
L dispensing of patronge consists in the
f:act that. it is too gererally used to pay
scheming political workers and ward
heelers for campaign services, and in
the other fact that the patronage itself
4 consists of a soft snap always consid
an Pred desirable. How many ward h, ol
r,' or soft-handed boodlers would want
to be section hands or brakemen or
firemen or engineers or conductors on a
government railroad? I)o you suppose
- the people of this countr-, would toler
ate a party for an instant that would
t jeopardize their lives and property by
)t turning off skilled railway men and em
t ploying green hands in the interest of
their party? Hadn't we better display
a little less blind reveren^e for vested
rights as they are and a little more in
I telligent consideration of the future?
T. D. HIINCKEY.
- Mt. Vernon, Ill.
ALLEN NOT A CANDIDATe.
Writes a ietter to Governor Iolcrnmb
d Statlng That lie I. Out of the Rare.
g Specia' Dispatch to the World-Herald.
h Governor Holcomb several days ago
it received from Senator W. V. Allen a
d letter in which the writer explains the
e reason for writing it, and as the letter
n is suffilently explanatory of itself it is
o here given. This is the letter:
e "Washington, D. C., March 24.-Hon.
Silas A. Holcomb, Lincoln, Neb.--My
- Dear Governor: I have just been reai
s Ing the very pleasant things said of me
h In connection with the populist nomina
e tion for the presidency, in your recent
y interview published in the press dis
paches, for which please accept my
a thanks. The favorable mention of my
name with the high office of president
of the United States by the chief execu
tive of my own state, who is himself
b able and well qualified by education,
temperament, and experience, to fill the
a exalted position, possesses double value
e and Is truly gratifying.
t "I have not been unconscious, for sev
eral months, that a strong sentiment
exists in the populist party throughout
the nation favorable to my nomination,
and I will not disguise from you that it
has given me much pleasure to know
that my services in the United States
senate have been instrumental In
prompting the use of my name in that
connection. I have also observed quite
an extensive discussion of the matter in
the public press, and I have been the
recipient of hundreds of letters asking
me if I would be a candidate for the
a nomination, or accept it if tendered me.
s "Fully realizing that ordinarily it is
to ba considered indelicate to either a'c
cept or decline a nomination that has
not been tendered, still I feel that the
time has come when, in the interest of
the party, I should speak openly and
frankly, as I desire above all things to
promote the Interest of the populist
party, and by that means the interest
of my country. Deeply conscious that
it would be a distinguished honor to
be the standard bearer of a great politi
can party founded on the principles of
eternal justice and right, a party that
must, in my opinion, soon succeed to
the administration of our national gov
ernment, I nevertheless deem it unwise
to permit my name to be used as a can
I didate.
"I think every true citizen should, at
this time, consult the interests of the
country and not his own personal de
tire. I do not feel that my experience
has been such as to warrant me in being
a candidate for the nomination, or in
accepting it if it should be tendered me.
There are many older and abler men in
the party than I am, highly well quali
fied to make the race, and I feel confi
dent that I can do the cause greater
good by remaining where I anq, fight
ing in the ranks for success, than by ac
cepting the nomination if it should be
tendered. The welfare of the party,
and, therefore the welfare of the coun
try, is to be com.eulted at all times; prln
clples count for everything, and'men for
nothing, in our struggle.
"Peranlt me also to say in this connec
tion that there are personal reasons
why I should not be a candidate, among
which is the important fact that I have
a family of children whose education
must be looked after at this time, and
who need my personal supervision more
now than they have ever needed it. be
fore, or will ever need it again, and I
must not permit myself to imperil their
Interests for my own promotion.
"Profoundly grateful to my fellow
citizens of the state and nation for the
flattering mention of my name in con
nectlon with the highest eMce on earth
I sincerely trust that hereafter atten
tion will not be centered on me, but on
some gentleman better qualified to dis.
charge the duties of the position in the
event of an election, and that wisdom
will characterize the formation of our
platform and the nomination we may
make. I have the honor to be very
truly, your friend,
"WILLIAM V. ALLEN."
Droemedary PIrel Pest.
The dromedary parcel post service
in the German territories of southwest
ern Africa has given better results than
were expected. The dromedaries are
adapted to the climate, are not effected
by the prevalent cattle diseases, are
not made footaore in stony regiGag and
do not siffer extreme thirst when de
p'lved t water for a wneek.