LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS.
V'()L I. N T('CII IT()CI ES, IA)IUISIANA, FI II)AYt .Ie 'NE 14, 1893. NO. 4:.
l (i Ii i il . . . .
TIERE IS ONLY ONE.r
THE PEOPLE'S PARTY THE TRUE
SILVER PARTY.
It, tih of the Old P'artles I)eqerve to I) e.
The ILeaderl of IBoth Are in the Gras,
of the Mooney I'ower-The Facts Are
Mtated b)y 11gh Authorety.
''le 'copi;c's part is the only
ttraight, silver party in existeuce.
Had it not been for the devoted. un
eilitih labors, of itis ) I) newspaper,.
l .)i , orators, d2,U I.), voters, the
cau..e of si, er would KIie lcnbe for
c e:r Ilot. DliLting all the til::; th:at
we have nmalo this ig!ht without a
(,': of aid frml any OUlre, eCCl)pt
ti:: ,ontri ulltia is of the peop!le, te
nan b-e c',onstantly opi)resse, ri.li
'(, anld \iiletie by soine of the meUt
;aid orgalnizations claiming to repre
seniit the very essence of the. silver
'au-e. \\hile they have squandered
thlusands of dollars in uselcss eliorts,
they have. by auiecring to the t'o old
partics or trying to create a new one.
thus divided the silver forces and
t ien a conitant hindrance to 1,ro
Ž ,n.ass of voters are not mine
on; tnrs. ''hey represent the indus
tri a classes. and have lout more in
onit: i tI by the demonetization of sii
,' than the mine owners do in a
a,,';r. Byv; senator Jonesa estimate,
the liwhat .'owers lo-e o .IU0,,)u0.oi)J
a year, the cotton planters $U50,04).
(' ) and the wage workers, since 1873.
ciough money to build and equip all
toe railroads in the United .tates.
W\ will continue the battle for free
coinage of both gold and silver at the
ratio of 16i to 1. without the consent
of any foreign nation on earth, and we
extend faternal greeting and the hand
of fellowship to all who advocate the
% ital doctrines of the People's party b
on the money question, and invite 01
tlhem to join with us in this great w
struggle, with the full assurance that p
the P'eople's party fetters the consci- cI
ence of no human being, that we are at
simply moving on educational lines U
until we can all meet in 1896 and pre
pare a line of battle to meet thu
enemy. There is no hope from either
of the old parties. The People's party tl
polled the second highest vote iq c
twenty-two states. The Democratic p1
party Is dead in the west. It is reek, tb
ing with fraud and odious with ballot- er
box stuffing, and if we had an honest ci
election it would not carry a southern P'
state. tr
It deserves to die, and both it and t
the Republican party, as represented of
by their leaders, are in the grasp of PC
the money power, and each wants to
preserve the clutch of the banks over
toe nation. If 4000 national banks Ce
were not fighting silver the battle "
would soon be won. Their power to Ps
issue notes must be destroyed, and oq Cl
this line that the gournment shall re
issue the money, we will wage the th
battle, inviting aUl the forces who at
favor this doctrine to unite with us. to
-h'. Y. Advance Thought. by
an
EDITORIAL OPINIONS. th
tol
There can be no overproduction
where there is a demand. -Washing
ton Watchman. be
Wall street seems to think that the ml
masses will ever be content with the wi
bones lnag from the banquet table.- UI
MeKlaney Democrat.
If the Democratic state committee tri
is an indleator. Texas Democracy is pO
about half and half-half Grover and w
half American.-Clarendon Industrial st
West. T
The beakers, lawyers and boards it
of trade held a ooavention last week tb
lui~emphis ad declared themselves '
to be the people of the south.-S-outh
era Mercury.
Carlise's speech la 1878, In favor m
iof eeoal e and the people, is a m
srSelet amnwer to ay Igold steadard
speech he aou now lavent.-George- t
tonw Sentime.Lo
I oveswpredotln eenes ard times be
a grts deal of orm, oats, ete., pro- pa
duad eught o make *poor" herse th
e the same IUne of mresoula.-Van an
Aletyae Dew" th
iHaow ye a elver dollar beamlg
thedaeo1t1 ? If youea have kep to
it and t few years twilllbe la
earutesra. There were oaly 768
last f the year.--omanobe Sr
•1 belitm and statesmem have
gbe si et shl en the money
O*S. lato generaliti .d a i
• t the   ri huambug.
et
Wy des's wmm of these seonni
mm wwr lsros try t *0w the tq
hgi etf fn esluge in Moeseoe am
S'3- sIhke hwthas es den so a -r
esopeira maton, nd thy ah
lba R emm e pesy is betwen sa5
meleekatoerse COlev-'en's l
.rken pp .i
F. L. L.
Our trinity of principles is indivisible. We cannot
repudiate the stand we have already taken by mak
ing Finance the single issue in our national cam
paign. The Transportation and Land plan ks
must be stuck to and if the Democrats and Re
publicans who are now knocking at the door of
the People's party wish to come in they must accept
all of our principles. If, as they now acknowledge,
we are right on the Silver Question, we are also
right on the questions of Transportation and Land.
Stand by our Platform and we will win next year
without the shadow of a doubt.
W. S. MORGAN.
'PASSING SHADOWS.
NOTES AND COMMENTS FROM
POPULIST STANDPOINT.
Proddlng the Animals In the Old Par
ties for the Delectation of Our Pee
ple's Party Readers-Trying to Strad
die Agaln. C
Sam Jones says itf he was running a
soap factory in hell and they would
bring him a car load of the carcasses
of politicians he would say: "I don't
want them." Sam seems to have a
pretty fair idea of the average politi
cian, and it is the army of these men,
acting as the paid tools of Wall street,
that are running the affairs of this gov
ernment to-day.
Wherever elections have been held
the Populists have made gains, while
the two old parties have lost. The peo
ple are waking up. They demand some
thing more than fine speeches and clev
erly constructed platforms. The politl
clans are becoming alarmed and will
promise everything if the people will
try the grand old parties "Just one more
time;" but this cry is so old and worn
out that it will no longer deceive the
people.
The Chicago Times-Herald has
changed owners and will hereafter be
run as a Republican "sound currency"
paper. The owner has offered Mr.
Cleveland's comptroller af the cur
rency, Eckles, who is a Democrat, ten
thousand dollars `a year to become
financial editor of the paper. This goes
to prove the charge frequently made
by the Populists that the Republicans
and Democrats were so near alike that
they could stand on each other's plat
forms and edit each other's papers.
Those fellows who want free silver,
but want it through the "old party" re
mind us of the old lady that did not
want her boy to go into the water un
til he learned to swim. Any man who
has as much brains as an oyster knows
that both old parties have had a fair
trial and both have demonetized silver.
On every occasion when pressed to the
wall in their convention they have
straddled the issue, but when it came to
voting a majority always voted against
It. it Is the height of folly to expect
that either of the old parties will give
ms free silver.
The Democratic party put Grover
Cleveland where he is, and he has done
more to put this country on practical
ly a gold basis than any other man in
the United States, not even excepting
old John Sherman. In the light of this
fact why should the Democratic party
be new trusted to restore silver to its
position prior to 1873? It is folly to
think of it, and spch men as Bland
and Bryan who are advocating such a
thing may safely be put down as the
veriest political demagogues who seek
to again deceive the people, or as polit
leal cowards not worthy to lead.
There is a movement on foot in
molt of the southern and western
states to call a conventiou and make
msam declarato o the currency ques
tiesm. In most states It is known that
this declaration will be It favor of free
Qsier, or a straddle that can be con
strued to mesa free silver. The eause
of these eevestlsas belng ealled les
t- the tfat that there is rapld disa
tegratine w in 1a In both old parties,
and re particularly to the Demo
ratls party. This enadtion has
alarmed the bowse and they seek to
dsp this wholesale desertleo by some
dseratlita i favor of free silver and
-meacd reoerm. In the meantime, the
lgdheg dlement In the two old parties
are doisg a they ea to prevent any
4eerti i fAvor of tree dlver, and
the beos me aving a mo*e sad
Flis e mear 1s e s
tlion is that the discussion of it is open
ing the people's eyes and causing trou
ble in the ranks of the two old parties.
The goldbugs, unable to hedge any lon
ger, are compelled to make an open
fight for a single gold standard, and
thousands of voters are becoming dis
gusted and leaving the two old parties.
As the two old parties are the sole de
pendence of the goldbugs it places
them in a peck of trouble. If they don't
fight one or both of the old parties will
pass a free coinage law, and if they do
fight it looks like it will break up the
two old parties. Again, the truth of
the old adage is verified, that "when
rogues fall out honest men get their
dues."
The president has written another
letter. This time it is addressed to
Gov. Stone of Mississippi and contains
much taffy for the southern people.
He says he don't understand why the
South, that produces so much that is
sold abroad, for gold, should want
cheap silver money. The president
seems to lose sight of the fact that the
people of the South rarely ever see a
piece of gold in circulation, and would
not under the system which Mr. Cleve
land wants to fasten on this country.
They know that what he is pleased to
term "sound currency" is gold for the
bank and treasury vaults, and bank
notes, founded on an interest bearing
debt, every one of which represents a
double rate of interest, practically ir
redeemable so far as the people are con
cerned. The people have studied these
questions much more than Mr. Cleve
land and his goldbug masters are
aware of, and when the time comes for
them to voice their sentiments there
will be such a surprise in this country
as was never known before.
W. S. MORGAN.
A FEW QUESTIONS.
Specially Directed to the American
(Ilave) Wage-Earner.
So you think politics has nothing to
do with your wages or chance of get
ting employment, or your debts or
poverty, eh? The banker tells you so.
The politician tells you so. The monop
alist tells you so. The people who live
well and do nothing tells you so. Isn't
it funny that all of these people are all
of one mind? All these people live off
of somebody. Do you know who that
somebody is? All these people are very
anxious about the elections. Do you
ever ask yourself why? If politics has
nothing to do with you why are they
so interested? Do you think they are
fools to spend their time and money
on something there is nothing in for
them? And if there is something in it
for them, who pays that something?
Why can't you see a little bit under the
surface? Have they trained you like a
soldier so you can't think but obey
orders? Why are they so anxious that
you don't vote with the cranks? Why
all this solicitude? Politics has every
thing to do with your wages and em
ployment. It can render millions of
you idle, so you will have to work
cheap, or it can have all of you busy
getting big wages. They don't want
you to find this out. They want you
for a voting machine to help them live
in luxury and power. And you've been
doing it. Don't read up on the money
problem--you might learn something
and not be so docile as a slave.
No, don't endeavor to solve the "mon
ey problem," for if you do you will
get lost in the maze of fog and cannot
extricate yourself. Just keep on think
lag that the "problem" is so difficult of
solution that only profound schoars
can solve It, and leave it to the shy
locks to solve and carry out as they
have been doing, for they know all
about it, you know, and you are only
a poor fool of a voter king anyway.
You cannot act only at the dictation
o those wb, are manipulating the,
party machine in their own interests
and whose ctlons as well as words
say '4au the peye,"-People's
fPt *
A FALLING RACE.
Let America Dread the Advent of the
New Wouatn.
Portland Oregonian (Pop.): The new
woman is the social complement of the
half man. Sarah Grand is the hellish
twin of Oscar Wilde. They are the
product of the same racial decay and
omens of the same social disaster. The
simultaneous appearance of these two
detestable types in literature and in
the society of certain wealthy capitals
is natural and inevitable. Neither sF:
is exempt from the taint of corruption.
One cannot be expected to remain sound
while the other loses health and vigor
and becomes the prey of a hideo:s
moral fungus. The woman who eman
cipates herself from the sacred duties
of her sex to feed its perverted energies
and appetites upon morbid dreams of
masculine liberty of conduct, of social
relations, of employment, of self-in
dulgence, springs from the same dis
eased social root as the man who
shirks the highest duty of virile ha
manity, as well as the common duties
of social life, to lull his senses, softea
his manhood, and corrupt his moral
sense in the curious exploration of the
obscure caverns of unnatural in
dulgence. Both are the product of lux
ury and idleness, and of that indefir.a
ble generation of human fiber which
comes with assemblage of men in great
numbers and relief of a part of them I
of the wholesome necessity of employ
ing their faculties in the struggle for
existence. The business of a man Is to
make a place in the world for himself!
and for some woman; to beget strong
children, and to rea- them to full
capacity, to play their part in life in
turn. The greater effort this costs him,
the better citizen does he become In
the training; the more vigorous strair
does he communicate to his descend
ants. The business of a woman is to
bear healthy children, to cherish them
In infancy, and to train them in child
hood, and every restriction the ex
perience of the world has placed upon
her life Is welcome to the right-minded
woman, because she knows that its
only object is to fit her the better for
the performance of this supreme func
tion. Neither man nor woman is un
fitted by religious performance of these
primary duties for the completest de
velopment of faculties and the largest
realization of capacities of which his
nature admits; Indeed, the vigor ac
quired in this natural and healthful
existence encourages the fullest de
velopment of mental and ph7sical
powers. Neglect and perversion of
these primary functions bring decay of
the individual and the degeneration of
the race." It is only within the present
generation that so large a number of
English women have thought there
were better things in life than rearing
large families so as to make the vicious
heresies of the "new woman" a social
cult. And it is only within this gen
eration that the unmanly vices of de
generated Rome and the enfeebled
Orient have made their appearance in
the English capital. These are certain
signs of rare decay, of national de-i
generation. They have preceded the
downfall of every great empire from
Athens to Bourbon France. They are
most plainly written, and their conse
quence most clearly demonstrated, in
the history of Rome. Wealth and lux
ury, idleness and emancipation from
social restraints, brought hideous so- I
cial degradation into the last days of
the republic. No woman of antiquity I
enjoyed so much freedom as the Roman, I
and when this fell to license through I
luxury and idleness, the Poman world
began to crumble. Laxlt) of marriage,
ease of divorce, access to public em
ployment through inldirect channels,
loss of moral sense and distaste for
maternity, united with male in
dulgence, gluttony, and practice of out- I
landish vice to unfit the Imperial race
for self-perpetuation. Britain is going
the way of Rome.
The Republicans don't seem to be Ia
may hurr to redeem tae conftrv.
PRESS AND PEOPLE.
SOME CURRENT TOPICS OF NA
TIONAL INTEREST.
What the i'apers and Masses Are Say
Ing and Doing for the Reid'nmptlon of
the Country fromu the (Intchs of 1:4
IE.nemies.
There is no longer any doubt that
England looks upon this land as oneo
of her richest dlcpendencies to in
crease her wealth. Since she has suc
ceeded, in inducing our great states
men (?) to adopt her gold system and
run prices down fifteen feet below be 1
rock, she is now buying up--dirt cheap,
of course--our  ecurities through
which she will dra!nl our gold supply
and be able to buy some more of our
Interest-bearing hor.d. A recent edi
torial in the Globe-Democrat says:
"'The recent sale in London of large
blocks of stocks and bonds of the
Southern Railway is a business pointer
of considerable importance. It indicates
that Euorpe, which has taken a rather
gloomy view of the financial situation
in the United States in the past tv)
years, is beginning to get into a mo.e
hopeful frame of mind. An immediate
effect of the sale was a stiffening of
prices of the New York Stock Ex
change; a secondary effect will be a
gradual renewal of confidence in
Europe in the business conditions in
this country, which will doubtless re
sult In further heavy purchases at an
early day. Prices of American securi
ties in the London market have ad
vanced since the purchase, which is in
Itself a promise of future investments
of the same sort."
There is no doubt of it. Prices of
American securities will continue to
advance as long as the people allow
themselves to be fleeced to enrich Eng
lish capitalists. Because the Ameri
can people are the biggest ninnies, the
easiest robbed people on earth, Eng
lish capital is seeking investment here.
In Mr. Cleveland's lett.r to the Chi
cago bankers he says: 'If reckless dis
content and wild experiment should
sweep our currency from its safe sup
port, the most defenseless of all why
suffer in that time of distress and na
tional discredit will be the poor, as they
reckon the loss in their scanty support,
and the laborer and workingman, as he
sees the money he has received for his
toil shrink and shrivel in his hand
when he tenders it for the necessaries
to supply his humble home.."
Mr. Cleveland talks like the people
had plenty of money right now in their
hands. If he knows anything at all
about the condition of the people he
knows that ninety-nine out of a hun
dred have no money to speak of. It is
not the shriveling and shrinking of
money that is hurting the people, but
the shrinking of the products of labor.
The price of cotton has shrunk from 23
cents to 5 cents; the price of wheat
from $2 per bushel to 40 cents per
bushel; and other things in almo;t
equal proportion. It is true the farmer
has felt this shrinkage more keenly
than any other class, but then as ag
riculture is the basis of our wealth and
prosperity it effects all interests save
that of the money loaner and specu
lator. The trouble is that Mir. Cleveland
is representing the interests of the men
who have the dollars and notes and
bonds to be paid in dollars, and not the
men who have to sell the products of
their labor for money with which to
pay debts and taxes. Mr. Cleveland's
attitude is very well depicted in the
following words of Senator Vance. ut
tered in a speech in the United Statea
senate before he died: "The rapacity
of avarice is so repugnant to the more
generous Instincts of men, that it al
ways seeks to disguise Its ugliness by
assuming the garb of some fair virtue.
A happy compensation this is, too, for
it confesses thereby that there are vir
tues left upon earth, and that men love
them. In this case the bondholder and
capitalist cover their approaches to de
rade the one-half of our currency and
secure the payment of their claims in
the remaining half, of greatly enhanced
value, not only in the name of honesty,
-but also in tender consideration of the
Lord's poor."
On April 12, in an interview, Proctor
Knott made the following prophecy:
"What I suspect Carlisle will do is this:
When the goldbug crowd at Louisville
see the utter folly of longer attempting
to keep the discussion of the currency
out of the state campaign, they will ar
range a big hullabaloo in that city for
Carlisle's benefit. He will go there and
make a speech already in type before
he leaves Washington. The goldbug
press all over the country and espe
dially In Kentucky will print the speech
and then IYr. Carlisle wil hasten back
to Washnin&on.
"This will set the woods on fire an.I
the blaze and crackle of the conflagra
tion will be seen and heard from the
Ohio to Jellico and from the Big Sandy
to the Mississippi. Whether that will
be early or late in the campaign, dtie
pends on the emergency of the occ:a
sion. Mark you, now, I have no in
formation as to Mr. CaliaLle's Inten
tios, but I knaw goldbug methods so
well that I can surmise with some de
I-- of aecracy as to what he will do"
I view of the fact that Carlisle is
cxpected to make the speech of his life
at Memphis, May 23, and possibly oth
ers in Kentucky, the above may beton
sidered almost in the light of prophecy.
The )Den:ocrats of Tennessee not
only know how to count votes with an
eye single to the coatinuation ,f their
party in power, but they know how to
let contracts so that there i, money in
it to pet contractors. In the recent re
port of the commisin appointed to
Investigate the penitentiary frauds in
that state it was shown that Architect
W. C. Smith testified two years ago
that a 1,500 cell prison could be built
for $120,000, while the estimate of his
act pted plans was $9000000 andl the
contract was let for $950,000, and Smith
now states that $200,000 more would be
necessary to complete it. The law re
quired that in no event should the ag
g'"egate expenditures exceed $x00.000.
The letting of the contract, the re
port states, was as fraudulent and cor
rupt a transaction as ever took place
in the state.
Murat lHalstead, the great Republican
editor in the Chicago News, says:
"The labor unions can easily be taken
care of by the army and navy, and as
political factors, with their own plat
form and candidates, they are insignifl
cant."
Now you hear it, you fellows that
go up to the polls and vote like cattle
for the very men whom Halstead rep
resents. And this talk of Halstead's is
no vain boast. Hasn't this thing been
done? Haven't men been shot down
like dogs, because they dared to resent
treatment that our forefathers would
have died rather than have submit
ted to? Yet at the very next election
they go to the polls and vote again for
the very men who smite them. Oh,
there's lots of glory in belonging to
either of the old parties and being sold
out at each election by a set of ward
heelers, for a mess of pottage, and then
not get to even smell the pottage.
The Globe-Democrat says: "There is
no lack of currency for all legitimate
purposes. As a matter of fact, there is
a big surplus of it, for which ther is no
use, and the banks are offering to loan
it at a remarkably low rate of inter
est."
For pure, unadulterated, flat-footed,
square-toed lying, this would make An.
nanias ashamed of himself. The G.-D.
might with equal propriety contend
that there never was any drouth be
cause there was always plenty of water
somewhere. We do not quote the above
for the purpose of refuting it, for it is
one of those lies that are self-evident
but to show to what extremities the
goldbug press will go to serve the pur'
pose of their masters.
TAKES PHILOSOPHY.
To Spur People on During These Pluto
cratic Times.
People's Press: Yes, we all got dis
couraged at the times, and it takes
philosophizing to spur us on. We have
really everything to feel elated over
when we consider that only a few years
ago there were few men in the nation
who knew anything about the philo
sophy of money or land or monopoly.
Today there are hundreds of thousanls.
The nature of these things is being
made plainer and simpler each day.
There are thousands of different books
and pamphlets and speakers. The peo
ple are learning and learning rapidly.
Men are putting their soul into this
education as they did in fighting the
British in 1776. Old men who have only
a few years to live at most, say they
will die contented if the people can be
brought to see the treachery of the old
parties by next year. Men are solicit
ing subscribers who are virtually on the
ragged edge of starvation. There is no
failure in a movement that enlists this
kind of adherents. No matter it no
reform can be had now andl the pluto
crats seem on the higher wave of
power, the education is broadening and
will be Irresistible when it gets chrys
talized. Keep your mind on the future
and keep at work.
For by hard work and only that can
we hope to succeed in educating the
people up to the higher plane of thought
and reasoning, so that they can vote
their Intelligence Instead of their par
tisanship and prejudice. Keep on in
the good work. Don't give up or get
discouraged because you cannot make
a success at every venture, but Spar
tanlike, nerve yourself for the occasion
and persevere In well doing, and succes.
will surely come. The times are ripen
ing our theories, or in other words, are
conducive to success in making con
verts to the principles we advocate, as
the people are being crushed to earth
by vicious enactments and class legis
lation and are now endeavoring to as
certain from whence it comes, and are
anxious to apply some remedy. The
principles as enunciated in the Omaha
platform will prove efficient as reme.
dies in this disease of the body politic,
and in order to perpetuate the pro.s
Ipcrity of the people, the referendum
mlust be had and then alJ the grand
objects so much desired can be at
tained.
Corneli,:' Vanderbhilt's fireplace co.t
$75,000, but this item is not as Interest
ing as t.e question, "Who p.-',! for itl"