Mothers
Anxiously watch declining health of
their daughters. So maIy are cut off
by consumption in early years that
there is real cause for anxiety. In
the early stages. when not beyond
the reach of medicine, H1ood's Sarsa
parilla wi.l restore tile quality and
quantity of the blood and thus givo
good health. ]Read the following letter:
"It is but just to write about my
daughter Cora, aged 19. She was com
pletely run down, declining, had that tired
feeling, and friends said she would not
live over three months. She had a bad
Cough
and nothing seemed to do her any good.
I happened to read about Hood's Sarsapa
rilla and had her give it a trial. From the
very first dose she began to get better.
After taking a few bottles she was com
pletely cured and her health has been the
best ever since." MRs. ADDIE PECK,
12 Railroad Place, Amsterdam, N. Y.
"I will say that my mother has not
stated my case in as strong words as I
would, have done. Hood's Sarsaparilla
has truly cured me and I am now well."
CoaA PECK, Amsterdam, N. Y.
Be sure to get Hood's, because
-Hood 's
Sarsaparilla
ithe One Trne Blood Purifler. Al druggists. S1
Prepared only by C. I. Hlood & Co., Lowell, Mass.
are purely vegetable, re
Hood's Pills Itable and benetcial. 21.
Patents. Trade-Marks.
amsahtloa sad Advice as to Pateatsbhlky at
Ltvate. Bd tr '" Irentors' ul.de, or |lnw to Ge.
shasa.'] ~ @OYIhLL. OTLGOX. . 0.
Thea serve system is weekseed by the
Neuralgia Torture.
ry serve Is streigtheed i tme carea f t by
A Watch
for Nothing
SENT POSTPAID
IN EXCHANGE FOR 100 COUPONS,
On. Ir YOU PREFtI,
FOR 2 COUPONS AND $100 IN CASH.
he watch is akel, time . quick stem wid sad sad et. Yea wit
ad e cepa leeide eah 2a ona be ad two coapuas
laide each 4 eace ba of
BLACKWELL'S CENUINE
DURHAM TOBACCO.
BLACKWELL'8 DURHAM TOBACCO CO., Durham, N. C. S
Buy a ba o(this Celebrated Smoking Tobacco, and read the
coupon, whch ies a list other premiums and how to get them.
2 CENT STAMPS ACCEPTED. 0
Greatest Highesr Smaýs
quntits Quality. Prie.
tale to c ever sol for a
t." : ; mot opl re
• a ý
in-e Plgrlm -Easter N...Uer
Will be ready the early part of April.
E\ver thing in it will be new and orig
inal. It will contain articles by Capt.
( has. King. U. S. A., ex-Gov. Geo. W.
I'Peck, of ''i.con.sin. and other noted
writers. An entertaining number, well
illus.tratel. Send ten (10)) cents to Geo.
II. leafortl. publlisher, 415 Old Colony
building, ('hic'ago, Ill., for a copy.
The wages of sin is death, and it is
sure pay.
Mrs. M. E. Barnes, Spanish Fork, Tax.,
says: "I have taken Ane bottle of Brown's
Il.,n Bitters for Neura:gia, Headache and
Weakne,'. and it lave me great relief. I
bighly rr'mnuend it."
Love for a man is a poor thing to
talk about.
I never used so quick a cure as Piso's Cure
fur Consumption.-4. B. Palmer, Box 1171,
Seattle, Wash.. Nov. 25, lg8t5.
No one has so far ever accused the
devil of wbing lazy.
FITS -Alt Fits .topprell trhe by Dr. EIIn'a' .Oret
Nerve litetorer., Fits fter t* Ilrutday's us
Marrvloucurer.. Treattr.ra,d t trallalotlerer,
kit cas.s, bud to br. Kilneuri1 rchLt.,uhdia.,J
After all there are sonme things to
admire about a mean man.
If Troubled With More Eyes
Jackson's Indian Eye-Salve will positively
cure them. ic at all drug stores.
Did you ever hear of the devil de.
claring a dividend.
If the raby Is Cuttimg Teeth,
Be sure and use that old and well-tried remedy. MIL
WIssLow's BourMsO Brar? fur Children Teething.
Old people think that no misfortune
is great for their young.
Every dollharspent in Parker's GOlnger Tonie
is well Invested. It subdues pain and brings better
digestion, better strength and tetter health.
Many parents give their babies
medicine that they would not take.
Good reasons why you should -se Elnder
corns.
It takes out the corns, and then you have peaee and
comfort, surely a good exchLag. Sic. at druggists
The trouble with cute children is
they soon outgrow it.
THE NEW SCIENCE.
!5 eoads the Charseter of People by 21
amtnnlg the Tooeeth.
What, another! Yes, palmistry has a
new rival. Phrenology is way back,
physiognomical research proves too un
reliable, but here Is a method that is
declared to be unerring, infallible, and
then, so blessedly recent, says the Bos
ton Herald. Teeth reading is the lat
est, the very latest, means of investi
gating character. Open your mouth!
For the horse dealer's judgment is now
to be applied to the world at large, but,
Instead of "age," It is temperament, dis
position, with all the attendant virtues
and vices, that the knowing seer will
be able to read in those ivories which
nature-not art, let it be added-has I
fixed there, as so many sign boards.
This science is the result of a necessity
for something new and startling, and
It will be admitted by professors of a
dental complemept that there is some
thing in it. Professors affirm that there
are two or three deep-rooted reasons
for believing that teeth are the index
of a mans a nature. At all events teeth
that are long and narrow indicate a
grasping disposition; small, white sep
arate molars mark his treachery; in
constancy is marked by overlapping
teeth, and where they are widely parted
he is sure to tell all he knows. Thus
,aith the believer in the new science.
Mr. Roosevelt's fine teeth have been the
subject of considerable comment by the
New York newspapers ever since he was
made police commissioner, but nobody
has as yet applied to them this theory of
character reading. Why not try it ofl
now? Would it not be a laudable ex
periment to try this same method to
all sorts of persons-beginning, of
course, very early in life, before the
dentists have upset nature's handiwork
with their artifices and made "improve
ments" on that good lady's crude and
early efforts? People who wear false
ones would be out of the running, but
surely everybody else must be charmed
to try teeth reading. Even if Dr. Oli
ver Wendell Holmes did say men made
their own mouths, outside of a dental
college they are not responsible for the
shape of their teeth. If, as a race, we
Americans are not of the Mr. Carker
order, andhaven't handsome, white
teeth let alone good and moral teeth-it
should not be laid up against us. How
ever, if there must be as many new
sciences as there are fashions, this in
fant one is as well as another, and may
yet grow to dignified proportions,
though it is feared it will be some time
before it is self-supporting.
A NOVEL PRESENT.
Express Paeksla of Padding from
Abroad for Frleads Ia bleton.
There are three or four express com
panies in Boston that send goods to
all parts of the world, pretty much in
the same way that we would expect to
have things sent to any part of this
country by express and at Christmas
time the foreign express business from
Boston is greatly increased, says the
Boston Globe. It is really quite surpris
ing how many things are sent from
this city by express to foreign lands.
Of course, the majority of these Christ
mas packages go to Great Britain and
Ireland, but France and Germany and
Scandinavia come in for a large share
and the West Indies get quite a large
number of Boston and Massachusetts
Chritmas presents. In addition to
sending Christmas presents to foreign
countries from Boston the foreign ex
presses handle a great many Christmas
presents that come' from the foreign
countries to Boiton people, although it
Is said that the number of presents re
ceived from foreign countries in Bos
ton Is hardly more than half the num
ber of those sent out. Much that is
novel comes in from the lands far away
and it is linteresting to know that
among the various kinds of Christmas
presents that come through the express
companies from Great Britain the gen
nine Engish plum pudding holds an im
portant part. Usually all the compan
les receive several plum puddings and
one man in particular, says he receives
a great many of them for Boston peo
ple every Christmas.
The Osm Chewer's Premy1.
It rould be hard to surpass the gen
te humor of the following primary
schoolma'am's story: "Maggie came in
to school after recess recently, ehewlng
vigorously," she began. " I thought
that perhaps she was finishing an ap
ple or a piece of candy, do I did not
msay anything to her. I happened to
look In Maggie's direction about half
an hour afterward and noticed that
the masticating proceuss was going on
as hard as ever. Of course I imme
diately Jumped to the conclusion that
she was chewing that children's delight
and teacher's horror--gm. I called
Maggie up to my desk and acused her
of chewing gum. She denied it at once.
She stopped chewing but had no time
to remove the gum, for I watched her
closely as she came up to my desk from
her seat. I spoke rather sharply to
her and she fnally broke down and
commenced to c.P: 'I was only mind
lag it for Katie Jones,' she mobbed."
Portland Uapress.
Iveloetee.
The Garden of Eden, Adam and Eve,
the rpenat. the fall, what is all this but
poatry, the product of ulnformed Im
aglnation? We now knew that the hu
ma r•4e did not begin perfeet, and then
-deeukd late a state of stn and brutal
Sty and utter misaery, but that It has
climbed upward from the lowest mani
fhestatlona of life to the eivilisation nf
which we now bout.-Rev. D. Mi. WI
;V e
: uIshm*"me Irtslesers
S1r John 5Uals' Aret ploture wars
puhrae by Charlus Reade, the ]n.
_- amellet. Ru, a mys that It was
'ea he, bat a Ugge, san bIg* a
). rc
A man who was killed by a train in
Washington a few days ago was found
to have a letter in his pocket from his
brother, saying that he (the brother)
had dreamed that he saw him hauled
in a wagon covered with blood. The
dream was literally fuifilled at the
time of the accident.
A New Zealand man recently came
to Fargo, N. I)., got a divorce from his
wife in the antipodes, married another
and started for home, and all inside of
ninety-two days.
Nature knows what it is about: it is
the little girls, and not the boys, who
want to ,"hold the baby."
The trouble with the self-made man
is that he worships his creator.
_
Roughing it in Texas.
CAMP LIFE IN THE "LONE
STAR" STATE.
The Suferings of a Confederate Veteran
-Relief Comes After Years of
Misery-The Story In lHis
Own Words.
From the Gazette, Ft. Worth. Texas.
A Gazette correspondent called on
Mr. J. M. Anderson at Kopperl, Texas,
and In a very Interesting interview
learned much of that gentleman's his
tory. It seems that until recently Mr.
".nderson has been rather sickly and
puny all his life. He came to Texas
forty-three years ago and is now fifty
three years of age. He has lived in
various parts of the State seeking re
lief from his ailments and finding none
that was permanent. He serv6d the
cause of the Confederacy during the
war, and having been himself a soldier
he was attracted by the recommends
tion given Pink Pills by a veteran of
the Mexican War.
Mr. Anderson was suffering agonies
from a long and chronic slege of rheu
matism which seemed to traverse his
system from head to foot and back
again; beginning at the right temple
It would cross to the left and then
twinge 4own the left arm and side
through the leg to the foot. and then
meander back again through the cring
Ing flesh. He spent much money and
time in a vain effort to obtain relief,
but none came-the misery remained
constantly with him for years-until
the latter part of last winter the record
of what the Pink Pills had done for
the Mexican veteran reached his eyes.
He resolved to try them and imme
diately sent for one box of the pills.
"After the third day." said Mr. An
derson, "I had no more pain at all.
but continued until I had taken the
whole box, by which time I felt better
than I ever had in my life, and went
about my usual work even in the rain
and dirty weather, without ever a par
ticle of pain for over two months. At
that time I had a slight return of my
old trouble. having been out camping
and roughing it, and exposed in the
wet and mud, but it soon left me, but
by the time cotton picking was over
this season I was better in every re
spect than I ever was before In my
life. I never took but the one box of
Pink Pills and I am satisfied that if I
had taken three boxes the difficulty
would have been so thoroughly eradi
cated that I would not have had even
this slight touch.
"However, my general health is now
good in every respect; have a good ap
petite and am strong and vigorous
stronger than I have ever been before.
All my ailments have disappeared and
I believe it to be the work of Pink Pills.
Mr. Anderson is d member of the
Missionary Baptist Church. He boasts
that he can pick 200 pounds of cotton
a day with ease; and this fall, with his
thirteen-year-old son, has picked over
16.000 pounds.
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills cotaini, In
a condensed form, all the elements nec
essary to give new life and rlcLts to
the blood and restore shattered adrvee.
Pink Pills are sold by all deasers or
will be sent postpaid on reoelpt of
price, 60 cents a box, or six boxes for
$2.50, by addressing Dr. Williams' Medi
cine Company, Schenectady. N. T.
A Freak of Nature.
There has been much talk at Bmst
Hill, I. T., a little place west of Eu
faula, about a red oak tree of the most
curious growth on record. Two twin
trunks join each other completely,
twelve feet above the ground, forming
a main trunk which is perfectly
smooth and healthy and is twenty-five
feet to the first limb. The twin trunks
are twelve feet apart at the ground
and about seven inches in diamater,
tnd the main trunk above the place of
oining is no larger. A man can ride
etween the twin trunks, touching the
,lace of joining with a riding whip.
Gladness Comes
W ith a better understeading of the
Stram ent nature of the many phy.
leal ills, which vanish before proper ef
forts-gentle efforts-pleasmmantefforts-
rightly directed. There is comfort in
the knowledge, that so many forms of
slekness are not due to any actual dis
ease, but simply to a constiatedeondi
tio of the system, which the pleasant
fSyily lrupte, of Fig, prompt
lyremoves, ThatL y iirtisheonly
remedy with mltllousof families, and is
everywhmre emed so highly byaUt
who value joodhealth. Its bene.cisl
efets are m to tfe et, that itis the
oe remedy which promotes Internal
lesmltanes without debilitating the
a on which it sts. It Is therefore
ipoaIst, t order to get its bepe
Selal eests, to note when you pur
ele, whie h mmmis en by the Cal
orna Fg yrup Cs only sad sold by
aithe systei reguarIazatves or
de remedies are then mot needed If
- b omims to themostahihliul
i o se oa l lers,
ebft b.. tbbast, .an with ath
_L--= --L -- _
Terrbty Cutting.
Sarcasm is always disagreeable. It
is the sting of a bee without its honey,
and is bad enough when the sarcastic
person is alive, so that the victim may
at least have the satisfaction of making
a retort. When a sarcastic man makes
a will, in which he indulges in sar
casm, he is taking an unfair advantage.
There was a man of this mean temper
who recently died in Wisconsin. lie
had quarreled with his wife, and in
his will he ctat oft his children whohad
sided n ith her, leaving each of tem
only $1. With that munificent sum he
advii.ed them to purchase "Paradise
Lost," which they could read while
watching others enjoy the fortune
that should have been theirs. Such a
will should not stand. The defrauded
children will have it set aside by the
courts, and will then purchase hand
s-ome copies of "Paradise Regained,"
as souvenirs of their sarcastic papa.
How we love a woman who remem
hers compliments that have been paid
her husband years ago!
Saved from Destruction.
This is what happens when the kidneys are
rescued from inactivity by Iiostetter's Stomach
Bitters. If they continue inactive they are
threatened with Bright's disease, diabetes or
some other nmalady which works theirdeqtruc
tion. M,larial, bilious and rheumatic atimeni
and dyspepala are also conquered by the Bit
ters, which is thorough and effective.
Chosen by the
Government
The War Department proposes to test
the bicycle thoroughly for army use,
and recently advertised for proposals
for furnishing five bcycles for the pur
po. Result Bds from $50 to $85
each for other machines; our bid of
$100 each for Columbias, their invari
able price. .J $ And the Government
slected
Bicycles
STANDARD OF THE WORLD
The experts who made the choice decided that Columbias were
worth every dollar of the $100 asked for them. If YOU are
willing to pay $100 for a bicycle, why be content with any
thing but a Columbia?
The Ihanmdsom Art Catalogus tha t ls of Cduluals and Hartfrd
bcycles is fs from any Colmhm agent; by mail for two 2cmt stamps
POPE MANUFACTURING CO.,
HARTFORD, CONN.
anech Stores and Agcies is almost se, dtCy sad town. If Columba e nt
propmerl pesatead oi your vicilty, ht na know.
mm---.nI-..l ......._mmm._...n...i
G Oet Well
By using Brown's iron Bitters. It's a natural remedy.
Pleasant to take. No bad effects. Strengthens while
you sleep. Cures quickly
1 Dyspepsia,
Neuralgia nd
T MyLC r iae -
and many other diseases if you give it a fair trial.
?2 grai,- you an ellk I~e Crswd Red Lies ao a£ Wrafer.
Browa Chemical Co., Baltimore, Md.
L OD PO1 0 N ,Primary, Secondary or TerUtary Med
Pisrln perUnaneatly cared in 1s to r.
Idays. Yo a can be treated at home for the same
n- rta ueýrus me guara.ty.nl yo prefam to
ý.r Merole wewill contrae t to pay railroad fare and hotel billms
Sly baied the il of soe tf we failto ure. If o 8 hars capitalerery,
behad our ndto tuart. ese p oi seL r o h ppl es atdo e
SW Wases Termple, CRICU41ae IL.se
Joe"" Patches In II QU K mouti, Sore Threes,
Colored Spo ers an t the bod, r ar
otsided. I -i Is Abis InorPne the ony
com a to of pmue monentrated rwL)ah a tree usidete for the ipotae retalaed la
the worlt for a ease wOAoM Uot rlvesDth a beYT er ee. Tha dlbefore
has always batie tose ll stki oSee he wst wlwet nd:l / tment. T6000 clavl
behind oa unondlwilonal guaranty. iAbst bey s e sesd a opplhicaton.
$57, Hw.i T 'uttle C usCAQ ILL. BOOK. REMEDY CO.
I ed tim dd. they CIW A oPC Is the olyee
eo mbitla of p concentrated drags whh so oa Sr aetoe f the poiss retr ained in
smoklae from the ause of TOA na It leaves the pat ent bette halth tha before takng,
and Is absolutely free from any injurious erects. CINCOCAPCI Is easy and pleasant to tabs.
It allows the patient e to all the Tobaco he wants under treatment. The "cravnl g"
sad hankernig ~will disappear as If by magic. Thosands throughout this bread
land bles the day they heard at CEW-C APCIL. *yeau woke or chew Tebacc
o you da it dificult or impoesible to seep? CINO.CAPCI cures cigar and pipe
moking, chewing and mnuf Siking, and also the deadly cigaretto habit. Medicine
is tabes form, easily carried Is the pocket ONE rurwifL OUNrm. !MICE, ma.o
Address SIEAUIRY t . a Chi Clel , IIl, or Bortaa Mass.
S-- --- - -
PIIELD AND NOC FENCE nWIRE.
S, 8, 4a , 80, or 88 tnohe* high. Quality and worklmnshlp tho bhet
tathlng on the market to oompare with It. Writo for full Lnformration,
WANTED IES or OEfiTYlll
to distribute samples~
siywhsrs. BIG MONEYY
to hustlerm; position permannt; enclsee
stomp. BSwim rb Tee Co, Chicago.
jmi
ASK YOUR DEALER FOR
W. L. DouciAs
38. SHOE BEJolID.TH
If you pay 84 to 86 for shoes, ex- -
amine the W. L. Douglas Shoe, and w
see what a good shoe you can buy for U
OVER 100 STYLES AND WIDTHS,
CONGRESS, BUTTON.
and LACE, made In all
kinds of the beet selected
leather by skilled work.
men. We
make and
sell moro
$3 Shoes
than any
other
manufacturer In the world.
None genuine unless name and
price is stamped on the bottom.
Ask your dealer for our ,5,
4, 83.30, 2.5no, a2.25 Shoes;
I.so0, 63 and 61.75 for boys.
TAKE NO SUBSTITUTE. If your dealer
cannot supply you, send to fac
tory,enclosing prce and 36cents
to pay carriage. State kind, style
of tro (Cap or plain), size and
s'idt, .ur Custom Dept. will fill
sour order. Send for new IllUus
tratea Catalogue to box It.
W. L. DOUGLAS. Brockton. Mass
HODSO,, . . d i IL
oFor tractor and lorat ti4 1 or Slilver
Or e.ot or b;dden tia re es . L FOW
LIR. JBox 337. Sou netor.. Conn.
WE HAVE.U2 ALGSnT9
sa.ics wiobs~s rrksu
rrraabrrl Cfhsa s
aU~rioa Mor.- ýory
tatas.rvm s hlt IN v
thin awama. IN tm
SENaW A5hmM a m..
w m g , -_4_,
W. a. Pmuw Seepr. w
.ptcv.
W~l c~NWr