The care of the teeth cannot be be
gun too early. If a child loses those
of the first set prematurely the Jaw con
tracts, there being nothing to prevent
it from so doing; the second teeth have
not space to stand properly and are
crowded. Particles of food lodging be
tween the teeth cause them to decay
early. It is a wise precaution to teach
a child to pass a thread of silk or den
tal floss between the teeth after eating,
as well as to brush them regularly.
Salt and water is a good antiseptic,
end answers for a dentifrice as well as
many more elaborate and more expen
sive preparations.-Ladies' Home Jour
naL
Gold Dollar Mionument.
"It is due you and a pleasure for me to rec
ommend your TyrTTSRINE. Truly it is an in
fallible remedy and cure for tetter. My wife
hail been annoyed by same for about twelve
years, and after usins, the Tt;TTtcnIN for five
days it disappeared entirely, to her great re
lief. She is ready to sin; your praise, and I
am prepared to contribute my cold dollar In
erecting a monument to your name."
Yours, etc., A. M. HAYWOOD,
Evelyn, Ga.
To J. T. SavrPTRIEr , Savannah, la,
i box by mail for 50c. in stamps.
Many a life has been spoiled by not know.
ing thedifference between thrift and stingi
nea.
An Important Diference.
To make it apparent to thousands who thina
themselvesill, that they are not afflicted with
any disease, but that the system simply needs
cleansing, is to bring comfort home to their
hearts, as a costive condition is easily carel
by using Syrup of Figs. Manufactured by the
California Fig Syrup Company only, and sold
by all druggists,
Every man feels the need of some agreea
ble person to grumble to.
JUNr try a lOc. box of Casesrets, the finest
ive samd bowel regulator ever made.
It has recently been ascertained that alma
nacs and calendars date back to the year ZOO
A. D.
Dobbins' Floating-Borsx Soap is 100 per cent.
pure. Made of Borax. It floats. Costs you same
as poorer oating soap. Worth more. If all istrue
you need it. Order one cake of your grocer, you'll
want a box next.
What a blessed thing it is that even those
of us who are reliable, don't have to prove all
wb sayl
FIT8stoppedfreeandper naentlyeured. No
ts atter first day's use of D. KLumI's Gams
Nuavaurornan. Free trisl bottleand treat;
ie. Send te Dr. Kline. Arch St. Phs.., 1a.
,sOAUrs r.timulate livr, kldb.eya and bow
el. ever sicken, weaken or grips 10.
I could not get along without Piso's Cure
for Consumption. It always cures.-Mas. E.
SMOoULON, eodham, Mass., Oct. 24 1894.
Mrs.s Winslow's Soothing Syrup forchildrea
teething softens the gums, reduces Inflama.
Vion, allays pain, cures wind colic. ?ic, a bottle.
Wans hilotau or costive, eat a Casearct,
landy'r athrtic, caut guaranteed, 10,., 25g.
If smlited with sore eyes use Dr. Isaao
Tbpm on'.. Ei e Waten lruggists sell atfSo.
Ringing
Noises t. the ears, sometimes a roaring, c
bmlg.sound, or snapping like the re.
port of a pistol, are eaused by catarrh, L
that eceedlngly disagreeable and very I
9"5 9o dIan., Loge of smell or hear.
lg also reilts from catarrh. Hood's 0
Sasmsrills, the great blood purifier, "is I
" peeuMIarly eoemful .remedy for this nl
dieas., wdoeh it ores by purifying the f,
blood, If you sffer from estarrh, try o
SHoodt'sI
Sarsapailla
boha rt-l-a fset the One True Blood Parlmer
i .. lls, u rs headacte. 25.
-ta;sh .
. a:: necessary and important g
p of complete fer- gr
. Crops of all kinds ic
a propeily balanced.
tea
a high percentagea
phi
sh
itaeiabractualez .
nA uwil h * Inc
Gjm2A ALZ Wtohs . 1alo
St, r at f fro
an,
shd
0it
ari
;r. t
Au
6.kr
'V P
be- FARM AND GARDEN,
hose
con- -
rent ITEMS OF TIMELY INTEREST TO THE
iave
are FARMERS
be
ach To Stop the Banging of the Stable Door...
len- The Neglected Orchard...Fruit will be
Ing, Cheap this Winter.
rly.
tic. FARM FISH CUL/TVRIUR
Ias For many years past tihe govern
ien- nicut has been at great pains and ex
r- peanse in establishing and keeping up
pislculture establishments. And mil
lions upon millions of fish have been
- hatched and distributed to private in
rite dividuals and turned loose in the wa
v ter courses i' various parts of the
e Counltry, and have perished for the
i  want of proper attention. And the
public, generally, have derived but lit
. tle benefit for the money expended.
'. In foreign countries, fish culture has
been puotitable, and It could be made
ow- profitable in this country provided the
farmers would turn their attention to
it, and prosecute it with judgment and
energy. Every owner of a farm of any
ditnensions can have his own private
fish pond, and supply his table with
d9 the rarest and best food at little ex
r pense. And fresh fish is always ready
he sale in the country markets. On a
4 great majority of the farms there is a
place worth but little for cultivation
that might be converted into an excel
ea- lent fish pond, and made to yield its
proportion of food for the sustenance
at of the family. But so far, farmers, 1
or at least very few of them, seem to
g have given the matter any attention.
I know but one farmer in my neigh
borhood who has given the matter any
n thought, and he has been remarkably
me successful.
e'n Ponds intended for fish culture (if
pcssible) should be made where there
)se is an abundance of shade, and made g
all as deep as poss!ble, so that when full
there will be no possible danger of i
L their freezing to the bottom. And on 4
. the bottom should be placed large, flat a
stones with their edges elevated by 11
w. placing another stone under them. o
Under these stones the fish will go for p
re protection either in very cold or hot s
weather. The margins of the pond o
should be made s:anuing gradually. o
. Water gmwth sh:,ald be let gRow c
*. around the edges, as it has a tendency t
:t, to shade the water and kccp .: cool and
fresh. '1 he purer the water can be kept I
a the better. Consequently, neither stock ti
. nor fowls should have access to it, d
for when the water becomes impure n
the fish are not good for food. And pl
tle,y soon sicken and die. a,
The German carp, the Oalifornia m
salmon, the ptjie, the shad, and many o0
9, other kinds have their admirers, and b
e. are highly recommended, but for hardy ft
h, kinds, and those moot likely to thrive, et
y I would not exchange the bass, the
r- buffalo, tie perch and the eaf of our
's own native streams for any others.
is Fish, like everything else confined to
Is narrow quarters, should be regularly t
e fed. Coarse bread of any kind with- uI
y out salt or grease, is an excellent food. co
When wanted for table use they can in
be taken with a clip net or small in
sieve, and the smaell fry returned to the a
pond.--C. Glover, in Journal of Agrl
culture. la
GINSENG CULTURIE. ba
The genslng plant thrives best in p
Sloamy soils, such as are usually found fe
ain sugar maple and oak forests at the wl
north. Shade i aheo essential, Select an
a piece of land at the edge of some q
forest where the plants are found we
growing wild. Olear all underbrush for
and small! trees during spring or sum- th.
mer, then break tp the soil two or we
three inches deep, removing all weeds, be'
grasses and their roots. The bed thus ed.
preipared will be ready for the recep- lea
tlon of seeds and small, unsalable thi
roots, as collected in the autumn, the aw
season of ripening dependinrg some- the
what upon latltude. Ginlseng berries
are of crimsoni color when ripe, each try
containing two seeds, produced in nme
small clusters at the top of a central laz
peduncle elevated above the princlipal say
leaves. When gathering the seed, the IA
roots many also be dug and all small,
and unsalable ones preserved and re
phlanted in the prepared bed. The seed
should be rubbedi, from the pulp very
carefully, with the hand, and then thi
sown, or, better, preued into the stil
ground with the finger about half an me
inch deep, and one every six Icehes the
along the row. The rowes should be toh
from one to two feet apart, for con tha
venience in removing weeds, should 1
any appear. Both seeds and llants
shounld be in the ground before harde
frosts occur, In auturmn, for when they w
vents8, the leaves of the talne trees or t
ill fall on the bed and give the ha- keel
tural protection required. The follow. la tc
lag season no cultlvation will be need. "
04, it the be4 Is thinly covered With rat
leaves, except to cut out sprouts and
iremove any large coarse weeds which l
.umuy spring tup from Seeds or roots left
in t&e:soll. At the eid of the tird ab
sIeason, the roots willU have reached a
l'arketable sise, and may then be dug
ndl the same bed wothed over and re- T
stoeked wtth steeds or small planta.- hog
Ameriean AgrIculturit. ki
- '""""*and
THI NEGLDKYFID OBOHARD. puat
We leave out orchards too long be- seed
: ro We.me to the point of doing any- prp
ikjaitheftm. eoe who neglect stls
tS ke~,chpd until their trees are *
:t, e .th pr F r i yers old, of t
ftrthb-kr s been set a gene- ly.I
&1a~on. t , Jit e to the point of CCeL
is the iabtter with my
the question as to what that orchard
wants. says Professor L. H. Bailey,
of Cornell University. I nearly always
say to such a man, "You have simply
THE delayed breaking your horse until your
horse Is old enough to die, or nearly
so, and now you cannot break the
horse and make a good horse out of
)or... him." Of course, I should try to culti
II be rate the land as well as I could; I
might try to prune the trees and spray
it, and work along with it year by
yeat', and possibly something would
come, but I believe the only way in
erlm that case is to plant a new orchard
ex and begin all over. I do not believe
up that we can begin at the back end of
mil- the orchard and then try to regenerate
it. I do not believe it can be done. I
Ielkieve that an orchard when it is ten
wa- years old should be in pretty good
the bearing condition. An orchard, when
the it is that age should average a barrel
e to the tree; when it Is twelve years
lit- old it should average a barrel to the
- tree every year from that time on.
We have an orchard planted in the
Lade spring of 1880, and some of the trees
the have already produced more than a
to barrel of apples, and they have all re.
and ceived h!gh eultivation-not extra high
any as strawberries, but good cultivatlon,.
rate The Silver Knight,
vith
ex
80 THE STABLE DOOR WILL NOT ,
ia BANG. V
is a The wind destroys many doors and
lon door hinges. Besides that, a banging
cel- slamming door anywhere, whether In c
its house, barn or corncrib, destroys both I
nce the temper and the nervous system of
ars, those who must listen to It month after I
to month.
on. To stop the banging of his stable I
gh- door a live stock man has devised the
InL arrangement described herewith.
bly The inventor describes his sliding 1
stable door as follows: For a doorway I
(if three by elght feet, make :a batten
ere door in the usual manner, weigh It, t
Lde and procure two square sash -weights
ull that together will just balance the
of door, or make the door to balance the
on weights. Purchase about eight yards or
lat of sash cord and two large sash pul
by leys. Place in position a frame made
m. of two by eight inch plank, having the
'or pulleys near the top, and fit the door
lot so that it will slide up and down with
nd out wearing the cord. Fasten the cord
y. out wcarillg the cord. Fasten the sash
r cord to the bottom of the door, near
cy the lmttlen. On each side of the door
id fasten to the frame strips of Inch
pt square pieces to hold the door in posl
ek t!on. The weights may slide up and
it, down on the sides of the frame, which
re may project out far enough for the
id purpose, or be boxed In to protect them
and the cord from the weather. This (7
Ia method. costs less than the common
l7 overhead hanger, is very durable, can Su
id be used for doors or shutters, and any M,
ly farmer who is handy with tools can foi
e, easily put It Into practice. 8k
-e W
ir ENSILAGE FOR POULTRY.
S. A
to One of the best green feeds for poul.- :A,
ly try is made of clover hay finely cut the
b. up with a cutting box, and green sweet al
corn. This should be put into barrels cur
n In alternate layers. Pack the ensilage cell
11 in very closely. Head up the barrel BUll
1e and cover with litter or earth. e
1 )One of the best ways to use up the h
late weeds arbout the farm is to cut r
them up in this way and pack them In 'PP
barrels. Run them through the cut. On
ting box, pound them down closely, HF
f put them in a cool place, and feed a thol
1 few handfuls at intervals during .the tlen
e wlnter. l'his furnishes excellent feed, Dr
t and temoves what Is certain to be a
a e great nuisance. Indeed, if all the c
I weeds were gathered and stored where med
1 fowls could scratch at them and work
themt over, a grdat deal of trouble
r would be saved the gardener and the ver
he'is would be correspondingly profit
I ed. It pays to gather up all the dead
leaves, weeds, plant tops and every. pro
thing that can be dried and stored
away, to throw Into the hen house for ma
the chickens to serateh ina.
It is an axiom among the best poul. ror
try raisers: '"l'he more scratch, the
more eggs." Fat hens are lle and A
lazy, and are of no particular profit,
save to put in the pot.-New York on
Iedger. or
Dr.
MARKETING FALLEN FRUIT. I
All kinds of fruit are very cheap t6r1
this year, and will be made cheaper at
still if windfalls and brulised speel
mens are offered .for sale. None but Add
the best, perfect fruit should be sent
to market. That will be worth more
than the poor fruit, and it only the best -
1l sold the market will be kept up, so Y
payling rates, so that the best sold by
itself will bring more than the whole
would do. The poorer quality of fruit, Bid
or that which, from bruising, will not
keep, may be fed to stock; or If there
is too much of it for that, evaporators or
may be procured and the fruit evapo. and i
rated so that it will keep. One ex- Cat
treme naturally follows another, and
a light appile crop is very likely next
yeai In the localities where it is most
abundant this season.
PUMPKINS. so
Thbre is nothing better for starting l
bogs to fatten than cooked field pump
kirs, no is any vegetable more easily
and cheaply grown. Breaking the
punrnipklns open and removing the
seeds before cooking them is all the
preparation required. BSome ground U
grain, oats or corn, ashould be put in
after the cooklng is done, as the heat
of the punampli will cook it sauclefent
ly. In ibhs way sweet, tender and ex
cellently fiavored pork can be made.
lJameu Oion, formerl well known WeL
selat to dh snbire, baa done a iome
Wtaait.unqaut tiIng. vyera yearn I
p l :'e~ tii  t . as a 1 priVate: a, ID je r
ard A Mince Pie.
ley, The mince pie of to-day is round.
ays Four centuries ago to eat a round mince
ply pie would be to stigmatize yourself as
our a Jew or a heretic. The orthodox shape
rly is a long oval. It was doubtless meant
the to represent the cradle in Bethlehem,
of and tradition further asserts that the
Ilti- strange mixture which makes the
mince represents the fruits and spice
with which the three kings in the
S legend filled the cradle.
uti "1 have been Informed that your
n first attempt at a long-distance ride
ird on your wheel turned out to be a high
!e ly dramatic affair." "Very. I had to
of walk back."-Cincinnatl Enquirer.
ate
S Tommy-Say, Mollie, I wish I had
ten ten cents to get some candy with. Mol
od lie-Go and ask father who Socrates
en was and what is meant by the differen
vel tial calculus. He's got company, and I
Is shouldn't wonder if he gave you a qua
he ter.-Boston Transcript
n.
he "For, of all sad words of tongue
es pen," he murmured, "the saddest aJ
a these: 'It might have been!'" Young
00" Spooner's lip quivered. "You've never
gli heard a girl say 'Nit,' have you?" he
muttered, sadly.-Puck.
Beware of Ointments for Catarirh 'that
. Contain Mercury.
aTs mercury will surely de3troy tho sense of
smell and completely derange the whole system
when entering it through the mucous surfaces.
zd Such articles should never bj used except on
prescriptions from reputable physicians, as the
g damage they will do is ten fold to the good you
In can possibly derive from them. Hall's Catarrh
cure manufactured by F. J. Cheney & Ca.,
th Toledo, 0., contains no mercury, and is taken
O internally, acting directly upon the blood an 1
mucous surfaces of the system. In buying
or Hall's Catarrh Cure bejsure toget the genuine.
It is taken internally, and is made in Toledo,
Ohiom by F. J. Cheney & Co. Te-timonials free.
le "r'old by Druggists, price 75c. per bottle.
10 Hall's Family Pills are the best.
SDon't Tobacco Spit and Smoke Touear Life
y Ii you want to quit totwb.o usint easily and
S forever, regain loess manhood, be made well,
tnnst mqgnauO, hilt of now life and vigor,
take 4.-V-Bac. the wonder.worker that
omake wak men strong. Many gain ten
Iyz~l in toa days. Over 400 000 cured. Buy
e a.To-Iac from your own Brugirst. Under
*lolute uanstee to cure. Boos and sample
Le Ine Acreuors Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago
is oreNew ark.
I
e
0
I
1
r
DR. O. T. DOZIER,
5 (The Renowned Southern pooldiislt.)
Birmingham, Ala.
SSuccessfuly treats, at office or BY
MAIL AT YOUR OWN HOME, all
I forms of Chronic, Nervous, Blood,
Skin and Private Diseases of Men and
Women.
CURES GUARANTEED.
All Chronic Diseases of Lungs, Liver,
Heart, Kidneys. Bladder, and all diseases of
the Genito-Urinary organs are in my line of
practice. Diseases peculiar to women, and
all venereal diseases of either sex positively
cured by mild and safe remedies. Impedi.
ments to marriage, as Stricture, Varico
cele, Inmpotency, Emissions and all evil re
suits of self-abuse or excessive indulgence
quickly and permanently cured. I guaran
tee satisfaction in every case I treat. My
valuable "Book for, Men Only." and Symp
tom Blanks for men or women will be sent
free in plain, sealed envelope to all who
apply. Consultation free, whether in pet
son or by letter.
A FEW EXTRACTS FROM PRESS ENDORSEMENTS
Hundreds more of like character, and
thousands of high testimonials from pa
tients can be furnished if necessary.
({Atlanta Constitution.)
Dr. O. T. Dozier, the head of the Southern Medical
Dispensry of Birmingham, Ala., is a spee-iallst o -
ndh~rly twenty years' experience In the tre 'tm'~nt of
ehronid nervous and private dise 'Sea and h1k uni
formsessf has given him a leading position in the
mediteal profession.
(Masonie Guide.)
Dr.-Dosler can be relied upon Co treat dfseases in
the moat s=uceisful manner, and he Is known all
over the south.
(Te Southern Odd Fellow.)
We cannot add .any~thing to the reputation Dr.
0. T. oilerhas already acquire In the line of hIs '
orofeaslon, but we know him to be a brother Odd
Pellow that can be r.llet on to carry out every
promise he makes to those needing his services.
(Age Herald.)
* * * Dr.Do0ler has resided for many years in
hhirmingham, and each suecessive year has added to
his reputation, to his uaefuineqa and to the esteem U
in which he is held bY our beat citiseas. His 1 ng
record and approves abliltiei entitte him to the
proud distinction of standing at "the head of his
pro fession."
(People's Weekly Tribune.)
As a ppeedalist Dr. Dozier Is unexcelled by any
a high-toned c~ulue, Chrsutia gentleman, strictly
onsst In all 'h's deatlngs and fnancaeully responsible
for all his contaets. .
• (Dal News, Birmilnqhsm.
Dr. Dealer is a physician and surgeon of education,
skill and e xPerioe, a man of culture and hiuh
IU.teralyy attilnp~eteu a ndaentlesnan respected by
all whokusow aim- liecannbe relied on In all ma(
tern pertaining to his profession.
(Alabama Christian Advooute.)
His (Dr. Dealer's) professional standing is unim.5
pesehable tad his character as a gentleman and
tislen is above reproaeh.
Address
DR. O. T. DOZIER, *
Loek Box-lll, BIRxxGIKAM, ALA.
Young Ladies' College.
lI THE VIRGINIA MOUNITAINS.
Buildings grand: sceneryand healthfulness
suprior; faculty liret-clasa; board warranted
good: all modern conveniences.
TERMS UNUSUALLY LOW.
For music, tuition, board, washing, heat1
and light, for halt seeston, $90.00.
Catalogue sent free.
J. I, MILLER, D. 0., PresidonI,
Buena Vista, Vs.
If01  t,-A gold mine to a ma-i who under
bn-aitd8 n es j -eu Butter farm. i&5 acres, SI W
-e. OWS, Ang. E[ats: read b sae for milk in
summevi four milesl irom(Yt city. To the right manan
oe h interest, on *.av terms. Complete charge,
or will sellall or part I. P. HUNT, Box , reen. esa
v nle , . . C -
SIBl as & "-h. Woo,..,,. ast,,ea,r
Second Hand
TUERK WATER MOTOR
1Fbr Sale.
Lage iseooes $0, in use fear
Smonths. ei
WILL st SOLD AT A BAROAIN. t
Apply st once to
Atluta lspipi Urn . -
AIUIW4.AL S
ad.
a e AYER'S ARGUMENT.
the
see If there is any reason why you should use
the any sarsaparilla, there is every reason why you
should use Ayer's. When you take sarsaparilla
r you take it to cure disease; you want to be cured
r its quickly as possible and as cheaply as possible.
That is why you should use Ayer's: it cures
to quickly and cheaply-and it cures to stay. Many
t people write us: " I would sooner have one bottle
00 of Ayer's Sarsaparilla than three of any other
kind." A druggist writes, that "one bottle of
:ol- Ayer's will give more benefit than six of any other
tes kind." If one bottle of Ayer's will do the work
en- of three it must have the strength of three at the
SI cost of one. There's the point in a nutshell. It
pays every way to use
Ayer's Sarsaparilla.
Important Notice!
on
The only genuine "Baker's Chocolate,"
celebrated for more than a century as a de
R8 licious, nutritious, and flesh-forming bever
age, is put up in Blue Wrappers and Yel
low Labels. Be sure that the Yellow
Label and our Trade-Mark are on every
package.
r, WALTER BAKER & CO. Ltd., Dorchester, Mass.
t TRADE-MARK.
SCOOD LOOKSePAIN
When you see a "good-looking" "
woman, you nearly always see a
S , , J -1 healthy woman. Beauty is really
health. It is the attractiveness of
V face and form that comes naturally "
Swhen weakness and pain are absent.
Sickness and pain drive attractive
Sness away.
It is difficult to make women be.
" " lieve their tortures can be cured at
" . " /.I -home. The popular belief is that
they must suffer on and on--or go
to a physician, and reveal secrets that he ought not to know.
\"/ Nine-tenths of women's troubles can be cured without physician's aid. t
WTINEr of _CAFDUIU
V is a remedy that stops the drain on the system. It stops the pains that drag
I and pull at the organs of womanhood. It makes them strong and Well. It
makes them attractive by making them healthy. Price $I per bottle.
.I soLD Y ALL DEALERS 1. MEDICI.E.
Celebrating in I897 its seventy-first birthday,
THE COMPANIoN offers its readers many excep
tionally brilliant features. The two hemispheres ' 
have been explored in search of attractive
matter.
,r Thpe youh' s
j mpanion
- For the Whole Family.
S In addition to twenty five staff writers fully
Stwo hundred of the most famous men and
" women of both the Old and the New World,
including the most popular writers of fiction
MRas. BURTON HARRISON, and some of the most eminuent statesmen, silea..
ti.s travellers and musicians are contributors
oNt OF THE POPULAR WRItRaS FOR 1 t7. to the Companion
S A delightful supply of fascinating Stories, Adventures, Serial  -
Stories, Hnmorous and Travel Sketches, etc., are announced for the
, Volume for r897. The timely Editorials, the "Current Events," the
"Current Topics" and "Nature and Science" Departments give *
much valuable information every week. Send for Full Prospectus.
S FRE E istinguished writers
a ,IAN MACLAREN.
to Jan. 1, 1897, with nobnv n cause.
HALL CAINE.
Beautiful Calendar. Hass aR STOCOLOD.
*~ RAROLD FREDERIC.
'" As a special offer Tlhe Youth's MADAME LILLIAN NORDICA. *
Companion will be sent free, for the TEPHEN DCLA EWh
remainder of the year 1896, to all new b nILIN GARLANDI . .
subscribers. One of the most beautiful MAX O'RELL "
* Calendars issued this year will also be W. CLARI RUSSELL. '
.. given to each new subscriber. It is ALICE LONGOFELLOW. ..
made up of Four Charming Pictures N0O. THOMAS 8. REED.
Sin color, beautifully executed, Its size ANDREW CARNEGIE.
is to by 24 inches. The subjects are LIEUT. R. E. PEAR?, U. 8. .t
delightfully attractive. This Calendar DR. CYRUS ED80ON.
Sis published exclusively by The Youth's DR. EDWARID EVERETT HIALE.,
Companion and could not be sold in DR. LYMAN ABBOTT.
SArt Stores for less than one dollar. And One Huanart Other.o
- - 700 Large Pages in Each Volume. 52 Weeks for $1.75.
-,nll In nl wSll'rbers o ct o su I I sad I l an l It at me . th n
-PBB-The Test's Compseto ever.u el e sbscripti s rs -
. . : iMB-lor .,itpn , n ~, .,a, for 1. He, y ')t ,
= - /l S i assusr t yln a, 1) 0  . lir i r. i.li
.. ="FR.E. - a.m. -0, a . *'"· D.,." a.u .. . .,..
. I. Cal endar tr-t st  wtu, a W ,t, ms, sI .",
THE YOUTH'S COMPANION, Boston, Mass.
WE PDA SAlARY to men and women in
L urI HLtRI every town to work for
us, day or evening, at their homes; nice, pleas
ant work; no canvassing. Experience not nec
essary. Enclose stamp for particulars.
STANDARD CO., 142 W. 23d St., N. V.
Am. N,U. No.48. 1896.
sight well b the uam oo
1046P book some posesi he
M AN S ft to sens by oottO
PUIBLISNIWO NOUSII
184 Leoeard treet, N. Y. Oft, for It em the p1ewpa the WtrsmsllB tu i
aotlaug Leatre taus the eo ahed. It is oomapletely liaem. mal e theiumw
betatllr vaIlabi. With this gala. abhG bea e yo hrav •wra lof aswl
ease at your Sagse." uda, eat esna edall r gply a ack at srly eria.
tiosal advauty.. When radlag, doa't yta eOatstaty om6e tNq
oeew rOfal klto sderstad Is'ti0 . small amouat to py lfr arL sbe lowlul
at head? Do yo ksow who Craoe was, ad wheL bhe ~iUed Who tpd t slnaJi*,
wheun T at guead tral 11tt fet pr secoaod What ihoe lrget river ih thew erlad? ha
aroeolanates the musps.. to il, sa who Mma. Pale w e? fat the ae t
was? Thb.hocasshookeatalmsRae e plsanatzsofwe W t b
S Is matterk as YTs wederl abolt. 1i it a t the V ery
Ipwdelte. iths4 naw leai lt'.toS OWO UWI .
Why LetYour Chickens,
Hogs. Cattle and Horses Die?
Dr. Salmon's 3Medicnes are guaranteed to tpe
and fatten them or money refunded. If your dealr
cannot supply you send 25 cents for large umple
package and Farme 's handbook of Intormatfoli.
VETERINARY MEDICINE CO., Nashville, Tern