Feed
The .. r'es upon pure blood, nrd! i -7 w 11
Le your faithful s~ervants and not t yrann- i
cal masters: vyo will not be nervo:a:, but
trong, cherftul uand happy. To have
pure blood, and to keep it pure, take
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Hood's Pills re gentle, mild, e"
Hood's P I ils- ,,.t ,,. ., cents.
PANTING
well begun is half done. Begln
well by getting }errs' hFds.
DLon't let chance determine
your crop, but plant Ferry'
needs. Known and sold
everywhere.
Before you plant, get
Ferry's S d Annual
f.or l Contains more pres
tical Information for farmers
and ardeners than many high
priced tet books. Maile tree.
iau. xwr a ce., wEmwawroc.
Patemts, Trade-Marks,
HRaminatlnao arid Advire as to Patentability Ct
tioe. Mend for ' lnvenrtnn' Guide or Hiow t G.t
-A!DCZ 07"@ h1Z WIAIkt0L D. G
_nr OTP~t~#T~,Q
As the _ .. superior
to the
', i BROWN'S IRON BITTERS to other medicines.
OUARANTEE
wae.b Money refuded should Row'ns a Iron litterL taken as directed rtfl to benefit any
petto n s rn g with I)spepiis Malaria Chills and Fever, Kidney and Liver Troubles. Biliuuai
nes, Female Infrmlties. Impure Blood, Weakness, ervous Troubles. Chronic headache or
Neualgia. More than 4,000,000 bottle sold-s.n only 52.00 asked for and refunded.
(rlkL] BROWN ClEMICAL CO., BALTIMORE, MD.
- FRENCH ----:o
FASHIONS
FREE
e ntrated by$ dolls with %1 dresses, s suits, 2 bats,
and $ ether articldes, furnishing the ladies with the latest
French fashions as well as the children with an amusing toy.
Ways to ad E Ooupons, or
Send 1 oupon ad d 'f t, or
et These . Oent0 ith.. t any,
Fashions. ~~pomto
DBls wer Dwr.hs Tehrm Co., s *am,, N. C., and the
Fashion Dolls will be sent you postpaid. You will find one coupon
ilmde each 0 o& bag, and two coupons inside each 4 oa bag of
BLACKWELL'S GENUINE
DURHAM TOBACCO.
kBy a bg of this Celebrated Smoking Tobacco, and read the
coqipo, which gives a list of other premniums and how to getthem.
C SENT STAMPS ACCEPTED.
SIN FSA T I mST TELiL
rHt rlCSagei bl veer llr I m rl & NIlreOl
Imlbs prlbieM atl Mhne l b t M.wla s I. We mt o5 OM lerV .1 Sewt
her. Owmfgme gls5s war /Mstes det or - e ser o sast, a Sme. weea
ahadfr , m s alle se Lis, e .eel , p i - mar., fl 8heasiea, t Ibi e oa
ets ewessmle awm m sw.
i Ot lU , b . w w O .l' smgli =U -' rr aaSbe.
W eo LWe Ian wTlae b.arses s.em
- _. 3*1W UN AND P@ATOU.
lbea t1a ILr.br wes mI. l or 511g seals, mland or bl"
etas sm gal 5m ye r G Prr r W noe t rl T Yea
Ndgb bomey mIaLmr'sm
Wife
L^ YitOrrlr~ Ll~ srLl~l
iL "''L)I·~~C3)~· ",I·I~IL
Ar\Io:lia womrn are out aft-r pollt!
,'al i'rivi'le,*s equal to those enjo\ ed
b. fh , ll:In,. and a week a-.o a womanl~li
,i:!;t-ra..e a.so(hiation was origani/.ed ill
I'ho,.ruix. For solme years a few rep
r:,:.entative.; of lulv\aneed womanhood
hlavo championed the cause in Arizonia,
and eac,'h sutccessive territorial legisla
ture has Ilw'hn a'.ked to pass an ojlual
s.IuTrage bill. Once or twice the bill
has ipsused one branch and has been
treated as a joke in the other. But
statchood is almost in sight now, and
the women are stirring themselves to
greater efforts looking toward enfran
chisement The governor of the ter
ritory has expressed himself as strong
ly in favor of women suffrage. If
stathoodll is to be accomplished, sister
hood rights must be recognized.
L e oat eartuaity I Life's greatest
less. Tak aLm~t ttrag with
NEURALGIA
5 10 15
Years Years Years
ST. JACOBS OIL.
rr CUr.
. nroYe Ihe Tobacco Truqt
Sit. Louis, Mo., (Special)-Col. Wm.
A. Kirchhoff, general western manager
of the American Tobacco Co., has
startled his numerous friends by stop
ping the use of tobacco. For years he
Shad smoked twenty strong cigars daily,
'· and a less quantity would leave him
nervous and ill. The habit was under
ii mining his health, and he tried to quit,
11 but could not, until he took No-To
n Bar, t , medical miracle that has cured
t so many thousands of tobacco-users.
d Col. Kirchhoff's craving for tobacco has
o entirely gone, and he feels better than
ever before. lie is a great No-To-Bac
enthusiast now. Over 300,000 bad to
bacco-users have been cured by No
To-Bac, and the loss to tobacco manu
f facturers is easily over =10,000o000 a
year.
It Worked.
It is said a Boston painter who died
not long since was a broken-down
wreck in lhi later days. Some feeling
of pride and shame clung to him to the
last, however, and, although he lived
upon the charity of his friends, he
never asked for money outright. In
the crown of his hat he pasted this re
quest, "Please lend me a quarter,"
printed in big starring letters. When
making a call lie would doff his hat
with much show of dignity, and there
would be the mute appeal staring in
the face of his intended victim. Th:e
scheme never failed. This was much
better than getting up a raffle for a
poor woman and never having the rat
fie nor making returns of the tickets
sold. Charity covereth a multitude of
gambling sins!
God Save the Queen.
It is talked in London that the queen
has '*decided to offer" the Order of the
Garter to the king of Wurtemberg. It
has all along been the intention that
the duke of Coburg should be intrusted
with the duty of confering this Garter
on behalf of her majesty, as he has
done once before. But the arrange
ment has not been received with much
favor In influential circles at home,
and there is a possibility that the queen
will herself hold the investiture when
returning through Germany from her
spring villeggiatura on the heditor
anean littoral. Of course, his Wurtem
berg nibs will not do such a thing, but
he might stop the order ceremony in
short order by telling the queen to
keep her garter at home.
A Famous Picture.
No pioture at the World's fair in
Chicago attracted more attention than
Hovenden', great picture "Breaking
Home Ties." Last year Hovenden lost
his life in saving that of a child, and
the unversity of Pennsylvania has hon
ored the great artist's memory by crc
ating a students' fund, which will bear
his name. In a letter written not
long before his death on the subject
of his masterpiece, "Breaking Home
Ties," he sai: "I felt that the pic
ture could do only good to young men.
That was in my mind all the time."1
The thought that was in the painter's
mind is still to be perpetuated. The
Hovenden students' aid fund will be
a permanent benefaction to young
men for generations to come. Under
the administration of the university
it will extend to them the advances of
that higher education which is be
coming more anti more a necessity to
to the youth of America. "Breaking
Home Ties" has been placed on exhi
bition for the benefit of the fund.
Don't Like Paint.
Jim Cash-Cash, a rich and influential
Umatilla Indian of Oregon, is suing for
a divorce on the ground that his wife
paints her face.
IaGS PRICE FOI POTATOES
The John A. Salzer Seed Co., Ir
Crow, Wis., pay high prices for new
things. They recently paid $00 for a
yellow rind watermelon, $1,000 for 30
ba. new oats, $800 for 100 lbs. of pots
te, etc., ete.l Well, prices for pot
toes will be high next fall. Plant a
plenty, Mr. Wideawakel You'll make
money. Salter's Earliest are Sfit to eat
in 28 days after planting. His Chamn
ploa of the World is the greatest yielder
on earth and we challenge you to pro
due its Ieas .
x y eew sead 11 eents in stamps
to the John A. Salter Seed Co., La
Crosar, Wit., you will get, tme, ten
packalrgres grains and grasses, includlng I
Teainte, 8purry, Giant Incarnate
Clover, etc., and our mammoth eats
oue Catalogue 5. for mailing. w..
Men waste money on tobsoco, women
waste it on their sleeves.
Ia thu me se Cae l ne g see
womnesasomnmsahor f' nUde t.ee.
Some people mistake contrariness
for oraiginality.
The Be. end His Yell.
People with nerveshaveoften wished
F that boys could be induced to retrain
from yelli as they went sbout their
rdiary avocations. Heretofore on
has attempted to interfere with the
Joyous exbneranoe of youth that ma~i
faests itselfin at calls and howls ad
college yells. It was felt that it was
their Inallenable right, and people who
didn't like it could stick their heads
adaer the bed clothes, or sturf cotton
la theI ears. Gsleburg, Mich., how
ever, ha a marshal who doesn't hold
with this weak and quiescent theory.
He doesn't believ in college yells, or
lothall yells, or any other kind of
yells, a last week he arrested a 1
yem-ld boy for giving rvent to hIis e
thdam by utterang a series of ea
tlting shrieks that, oe eamlerato.
w b-ad oa to e footbal yells. Itse k
two oebher bete te mamrh
earrst the boy, who fought lhe a
tiUgr,. in the sn.5e a. et the et
aoes got his me broke. The boy
was dabbe over the hedl withaase,
sad upon release brought it sad was
awarded .150 dmages. Heaves has
l-sse the boy to his yell, n aet eov
thw estern emaws--whese m gen st
satrartlen
she Wished She Hadn't.
Two girl friends met on the street
s and stopped to shake hands. "So gladul
. to see yon, Grace," said the tailormad
e Alico. "Was just on my way to ask
r, yo,, as my oldest friend, to be one of
n my bridesmaids." "Bridesmaid! How
lovely! I did not know you were en
t. gaged," replied the fin-de-sicclo Grace.
d"It'ssudden, very sudden buthe's awful
ly in love,and is just too lovely to live.
aWill you act?" *"Act? Of course.
I'll be charmed. But," moving for
o ward and speaking in an undertone,
S"do come round the corner and tell
- me all about it. There comes that
idiotie, irrepressible donkey, Jim Ber
I ton. lie's grinning as though he
meant to stop, and I don't care to be
seen talking to him." "Jim Berton?
d lie's the man I'm going to marry!"
n I No, Indeed I
g "We can't carry you," said a Boston
e motorman, slowing up his car at the
l frantic gesticulation of an elderly wo
o man. "This is a mail car." "Well,"
a she answered, "can't a female ride on
it?"
Ghosts are Pale and Fihadowy,
ray those who profess to have interviewed
t them. Whether spooks are tillow-faced or
not. mortals are whose blood is thin and
D Watery in con-equence of imperfect assimi
I lation. When invalids resort to lloatetters
Stomach liters. and use that unequalled
Stonic persistently. they soon pick up" In
Sstrength. liesh and color. It should be used
also to prevent malarial. rh"umat c and kid
1 neveomplaints, and to remedy constipation,
- sick headacho and nervousness.
9 War is a horrible thing-to the one
i who gets the worst of it.
"I have tried Parker's Ginger Tonio
and believe In it." says a mother, and so will you
say when familiar with its revitallzing properties.
Too much meat is responsible for one
of man's very worst habits.
Jst how it does it is not the question.
It is enough to know that Hndercors takes out the
corns,and a very pleasing relieft i ua.Le.at druggists
People feel dirty three or four days
after a dust storm.
THE FIGHT IS ON.
There is an intense rivalry between
the watermelon and tomato growers as
to who can produce the earliest Sal
zer's Earliest Watermelon ripened in
1895 in 52 days. That record is to be
t beaten and Salzer pays $100 to the win
ner! Then on tomatoes the record on
"650 days the Earliest Tomato" in 1895
was 68 days. That's to be beaten and
$50 paid. Balzer challenges the world to'
produce earlier melons, tomatoes, cab
bage, radishes, peas or sweet corn than
he offers. Get his mammoth catalogue.
There is money in it.
If you will cut this out and send
it with 12c. stamps to the John A. Sal
zer Seed Co., Ia Crosse, Wis., you will
get free their great catalogue and a
package of the yellow watermelon sen
sation. w.n.
Enforced idlen.es to the energetic is
always uncomfortable.
Ieware of Ointments for Catarrh That
Contain Mercury,
As mercury will surely destroy the
sense of smell and completely derange
the whole system when entering it
through the mucous surfaces. Such ar
ticles should never be used except on
prescriptions from reputable physi
cians, as the damage they will do is ten
fold to the good you can possibly derive
from them. Hall's Catarrh Cure, manu
factured by F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo.
O., contains no mercury, and is taken
internally, acting directly upon the
blood and mucous surfaces of the sys
tem. In buying Hall's Catarrh Cure, be
sure you get the genuine. It is taken in
ternally, and made in Toledo, Ohio, by
F. J. Cheney & Co. Testimonials free.
Sold by druggists; price. 75c per bot
tle. Hall's Family I'ills. 25c.
Sorrow and suffering are God's most
potent agencies for good.
We will forfeit 51,000 if any of our pub
lished testimonials are proven to be not
genuine. Tan Piso Co., Warren, Pa.
The sham in a woman comes out
when she has company.
"Nsasmas Un·le @o0f lve."
Warranted to cur or moey retedsl. s you.
is for it. Prrie a cets.
A boy wonders why a girl's hair don't
get hopelessly tangled.
If 'Trobled With Seoo Kyes
Jackson's Indian Eye Salve will positively
cure them. 25c at all drug stores.
It's a pity girls don't practice pa
tience more and the piano less. -
"BROwN's BRONCHIAL TROcnsHEs" are of great
service in subduing Hoarseness and Coughs.
Sold only in boxes. Avoid imitations.
Fashion never introduces a style that
is of any benefit to humanity.
.FirS--A,~l gIee brre.bDe.Kiae',
juave asee. so·lfter te arsi Iay 5 .M
inrvlouncures. Treatheeadl Strai bttit fty-$t
aes. ead to Dr. KlasIS Archat.,YVhil., a
Casting stones at another makes of a
one's self a target for their return.
The Te The
Best. Rest. Test.
There are two kinds of arsaparilla : The best-and the
rest. The trouble is they look alike. And when the rest
dress like the best/who's to tell them apart ? Well, "the tree
is known by its fruit." That's an old test and a safe one.
And the taller the tree the deeper the root. That's another
test. What's the root,--the record of these sarsaparlllas? The
one with the deepest root is Ayer's. The one with the richest
fruit; that, too, is Aye's. Ayer'$ Sarsaparilla has a record of
half a eatary of rese; a reeord of many medals and awards-
calminating in the medal of the Chicago World's Fair, which,
admitting Ayer's Sarsaparilla as the best-shut its doors against
the ret. That was greater bonor than the medal, to be the only
Saersparil admitted as an exhibit at the World's alir. If you
want to get the best sarsaparilla of your druggist, here's an
Infallible rule: Ask for the best sand you'il get Ayers. Ask
for Ayer's and yo'll get the best.
ONO ENJOYS
Both the method and results when
Syrup of Figs is taken; it is pleasant
and refreshing to the taste, and acts
gently yet promptly on the Kidneys,
Liver and Bowels, cleanses the sys
tem effectually, dispels colds, head
aches and fevers and cures habitual
constipation. Syrup of Figs is the
only remedy of its kind ever pro
duced, pleasing to the taste and ac
ceptable to the stomach, prompt in
its action and truly beneficial in its
effects, prepared only from the most
healthy and agreeable substances, its
many excellent qualities commend it
to all and have made it the most
popular remedy known.
Syrup of Figs is fer sale in 50
cent bottles by all leading drug.
rists. Any reliable druggist who
nay not have it on hand will pro
cure it promptly for any one who
wishes to try it. Do not accept any
substitute.
CAUIFORNIA FIG SRUP CO.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
LOUIISVLLE. Kr. NEW YroDL Mr.
ATTLE AX
THE LARGEST PIECE
0F GOOD TOBACCO
EVER 501D FOR 10 CENTS
1 1
------- -
FIELD AND HOC FENCE WIRE.
O6 88 42, m0o. inohe. high. Quly r nd work ..s. hip th
othlnng on the market tcomprer with It. rite lor full information.
UNIIONI FtNCN COMPYPl DE KALE, ILL
..,+.t I l. •
IThColumbia
Bloycle
Pad Calendar
For 1896
YOU NEED IT.
A Desk Calendar is a necessity--most
convenient kind of storeyouse for mem
oranda. The Co:nlumin Iksk Calendar
is brightest and hindllsmest of all- full
of dainty pen tket'hchs and cntertaining
thoughts onotutd',orexerca'e and sport.
Occasionally reminds you ",f the tsuperb
quality of ColtrnlA,; Ii-rvclcs and of
your need of one. You won't obiect to
that, of course. The Calendar wmll be
mailed for five 2-cent stamps.
Address Calendar Department,
POPE IMAUFACTURING CO..
HARTFORD, CONN.
.. USE THE ..
TUIl)6-1iOl Plates,
MADE BY THE
Western Newspaper Union,
DAL'AS. TEXAS.
PARKER'
HAIR BALSAM
Clcais. cnrl bractiflsa ths hatr.
i'rmmste a ls,- ant proath.
Never Falls to teatcre Gray
1 Hair to its Youthful Color.
Carve rs ap dire.a.e a hair 1511m
Ucand$- at Pm ellat
THN AKUWROTOR CO. does halt the worlds
windmill tilonms, because It has reduced the cost of
Witnd lpeto 1 whaSt Iitw as It has mane branch
hoosse and supplies Its goods and repairs
aS Lear door. Itcan and does rfurs a
better article for less maoney than
others It makes Pumping and
OTu seaonwieae fndmllh TltlnUg
eu vsPd Stea Tower, Stel Bu w
IFrames, steel eed Cutters and Feed
Orinders. On application it will name one
.1 thee articles that It will furolsh until
_ lt at 14 tIhe usual price. It aloe maltes
T Pi a of all kinds. leod for casalogue.
Ialjrt ti, o Rckwel d Pil-r:. Streets. Cicaie
S IN IILuot somethn
PelJe in place of Old BIlalile
PIKE'S MANOLILO
pathr4 Itror deler da no il
qwit, write il and we ll
WII KEY for.m y( how togs. A1
Sowledged to be lfUn.
e- - W.W.e J@oUON , co
o.-* aeessers to s. i . P l,
Ot'hl lbin Habit Cured in 10
Plml o Jodadp. No py ti cored.
D.OI J. ST PEN, LbaMnonOh'o.
W N U DALLAS. 3-96
Whges Aoaeweisng Advrt'lementes Kindly
.Mwa h tI q P we.