LOUISIANA- POPULIST.
Subscriptioun. S-1.00 ai 'Year. ThereI is )No Free'Country. Unicss the People Rule. Price 5 Cet s.
VOL. 11[. N \TCI I' ( )C eI IS, tA )UI SANA, SEIPTEIMBERI 1S, 1s!)(. N1(. 5.
People's Party P'latform.
FOUNDATION PIlNCI I'LES.
First-That unulon 4)o tie hlilor
forces of the IUniteil States this day
(consunlillatedl shlall he lwralllnet
and perlj-tuld. maty its spirit enter
all hearts for the salvation of the
republic and the ullil'ting of umau
kind.
8teconld-W\eaIlth hIeloln to him
who creates it, and every dollar
takein from indusmtry without an
equivalent is robbery. "lf any will
not work, neither shaI|l he eat."
The interests of rural andl civic
labor are the salme; their interests
are identical.
Third-We delieve that the tim(e
1has come when tihe railroad corti
rations will either own the people
or the people must owni the rail
roads, and should the governllnallt
enter upon the work of owing or
managing any or till og the rail
roads, we should favor au lmlend
ment to the constitution by which
all persons engag:ad in tia govern
ment service shall ibe placed uul(er
a. civil service regulation of the
most rigid character, so as to
prevent the increase of the power
of the national admii.istration by
the use of such additional govern
ment empioyes.
IFINANCE
First-We demand ai national
currency-sate, sound and tfexiblo
-issued by the general govern
ment only, a full legal tender for
all dobts, public and private, and
that without the use of banking
corporations, a just, eqnitable and
eflicient means of distributing di
rect to the peolple at a tax not to
exceed 2 per cent per annum to be
provided as set torth in the sub
treasaury plan of the Farmlels' Al
liance or a better system; also by
payments in discharge of its obli
gations for public Improvements.
We demand the free and unlimi
ted coinage of silver and gold at
the present legal ratio of 16 to 1.
We demand that the anonalt of
circalating medium be speedily in
creased to not less thani 50 ~ er
calita.
We demand a graduated income
tax.
We believe that the money of
the country should be kept as much
as possible in the hands of the peo
ple. and hence we demand that all
state and national revenues shall
be limited to the necessary expen
ses ot the governinent economical
ly and honestly administered.
We demand that the postal sa
vings bank be established by the
government for the safe deposit of
the earnings of the people and to
facilitate exchange.
TRANSPORTATION.
Second-lra..sportatiou being a
means of exchange and public ne
cesity the government should own
amd operate the railroads in .the
interest of the people.
The telegraph and the telephone,
like the poet o0ee system, being a
necessity for the transmission of
news, should be owned and opera
ted by the government in the in
terest of the people.
LANIS.
F Third-The lands, including all
the resources of wealth is the heri
tap of the people, and should not
be meopolised for speculative pur
eu4. and alien ownership should
teemribited. And lands now
held by railrad sad other corpo
meioms in excess of their actnal
aie and all alads now owned by
abas hbould be reelaimed by the
.gomrsment for actual purposes
Banner t Liberty,
A POPULIST JOURNAL
S ABREAST1 OF THW'IMES,
ShIlmd he li th ands oterpI
a9pagem in Webster perlsh ad
*i S I r iW s It and
- ' - O~3 J7')L& A- Yea.
.- , ,
l',U N K
A.NI) ('1T THE
ARKANSAS KICKlt.2L
BIy \. S. .Morganrt & (. A. I'uzckctt,
Two-Hess Eit s.
(;naranteed to kick the stnitlii
out of all the hoo)lOO5s, hipiln2.;,.
wlhooperis, c(.]koos, (I kneys, cl
quers, doo:lle-blgs, despolts, hint
tnelrs, traitors and trillumplCers for
plutocratic anarchy.
EI( liT. PAGI.:S OF iO)T
STI:I'F EVEIlY \VElE(.
1 rkansas politiesis a wiarii ar
tidle. Lots of cmlocrats ill A\rkan-t
saus yet--bnt the Kicker is afttr emi.
There's gwine to be a grand stanm
pebe this year, and if you (ou t
read the Kicker you won't see the
fun
FOUR ACES AND TIlE
JOKERt
Can't be beat, Neither can the
KICKEIt.
M1iddel of the ro:al--headl tip :ld
heels ta-lying.
Don't monkey with the
BUZZ SAW
It goes with the Kicker-both
for *1.00. The s;-ankiest road
team that ever stretched a tug.
W. S. Morgan, editor of the N
R. P. A. plate and Ready Print
service, and the3 IIUZZ-SAW, is
the "lead hoss" of the combination
with G o. A. Pi:ckett on tother
end of the double-tree.
The scope of the KICKER is
state, national, and international
educational, newsy, humorous, lit
erary, political and red-hot.
Address your letter to
BUZZ-SAW,
Hardy, Ark.
The Silver Kninht and
The National
Watchman.
Senator William M. Stewart's
Great Weekly Newspa
per, Published at
Washington,
D.C.
Is now a seven-column eight-page
paper, published on a $17,500.00
Perfecting Press. It now has 83,
784 bona ide - subscribers, and at
the present rite of increase will
reacu the 250,000 mark within the
next ninety days.
Every issue is IA)ADED to the
muzzle with Grape and Canister.
Every charge is aimed directly at
the Gold-gamblers, the Enemies of
American Liberty. NOW is the
time to subscribe. The Campaign
now on, and no one can afford, to
be without it. A Great National
Paper, puplished at the Nation's
Capitol, and giving all the Con
gressional News. Subscription
price, $1.00-a-year. We want a
good, live Agent in every eommu
nity. For Terms to Agents, ad
dress
THE SILVER KNIGHT PUB. tO.
1420 N. Y. Ave. N. W., Washing
ton, D. '.
-THE
Cause Cure
oGERMAN AND ENGLISH.
This is a neat thirty-two laget
volume, containing lufall report
of Mr. Coxey's hearing be
fore'Ways end Means
Sub-Uommittee.
Positively the
Gusts Osmpega Damse '
For the lemastmoneyjisued in
the interest of the Beform
movement. It fally explains
bow the Non-Interest Bond
s stm would Solve thejMon
ey Probe; Solve the &or8-oh Ques
ton; RBelieve the Country of Idle
Iabor'; Settle Socialism; Promote
l~Pblio Work; Get Money Oat;
Btop the Interest Drain; Ben
rEt ail the People all the time;
It will Settle the Immigration
3no sad it Settles the
sad Silver Question ; will
Abolish Mnaidpal TaL.ton,.
Adds all orders to
JACOB C OXEIY,
Mx. U.o. . Ohio.
k• ~ c-
The State Normal School,
NATC I IITOC IlES. LA.
;----- -----8·---* ---------
\atintain ed by the Statc f)or the traiinin of
Teachers. Affords thorough prepara
tion for thle p)rofession of Teaching.
FuIl course of Acadmic s-tudy, practical training in the art of
Te'cching, one year of Lduly practlce in mnolel schools under
guiidance of skilcl training teachers. Class work ex
cmplities the best of modern thought in matter
and method of instruction.
Diploma Ecntiles Graduate to teach in any public school of
Louisiana without examination.
Tuition free to Sttudlents who teach one year
after Graduation.
Entire Expense for session of eight monthw, $1 10.
Twelfth Annual Session begins OCT. 1, 1896.
FOR CATALOGUE \VI'I'E TOf
B. C. CAL) 1VELL, President.
GATARRIJIIAL DTSEASES, the Hymptomns, as Desecrt
ed by Leading, ecientific, Medical Men.
0 CATARRHi OF THE HEAD SATARRH OF THE BRONCHIAL TUBES.
Is the most prevalent form of Catarrh, When Catarrh of the Head and Throat is
and results from neglected colds. Left Unchecked It Extends Down the
To the breath bad , - Windpipe Into the Bronchial Tubes
Do you spit up slime and in Time Attacks the Lungs.
Do you ache all over
Do you blow up seabe Have you a congh
Is your nose stopped up Are you losing flesh
Does your nose discharge. Do you cough at night
Does your nose bleed easily Do you take a cold easily
Is there tickling in the throat Is your appetite variable
Do crusts form in the nose Do you sough until you gag
Is the nose sore and tender Are you low spirited at times
Do you sneeze a great deal Do you raise frothy material
Is this worse towards night Do you spit up yellow matter
Is there pain in front of head Do you cough going to bed
Is there pain across the eyes Do you cong ing the morning
lq there pain in back of head Is your cough short aud hacking
Ts your sense of smell leaving Do you spit up little cheesy lumps
])o you hawk to clear the throat ` there a tickling behind the pal
Is there a dropping in the throat ate
Is the throat dry in the morning Do you feel yon are growing weaker
Are you losing your sense of taste Is there a burningpain in the throat
Do you sleep with your mouth open Do you cough night and mornings
Does your nose stop up towards Do you have to sit up at night to
night h reathr
CATARRH OF THE RfDNEYI.
CATARRH OF THE EARS. Catarrh of the Kidneys Results Either
Catarrh Extends from the Throat Along from Colds or from Overwork of the
the Eustaching Tubes Into the Ears Kidneys In Separating from the Blood
Causing Defective Hearing. . the Poisons that Have Been Absorbed
Is your hearing failing from Catarrh of Other Organs
Do your ears discharge Is the skin pale and dry
Are the ears dry and scaly Do the legs iel too heavy
Do the ears itch and burn Is the skin dry and hard
Have you pain behind the ears Is the hair dry and brittle
Is there a throbbing in the ears Has the skin a waxy look
Are you gradually getting deaf Are they cold and clammy
Is there a buzing sound heard Do the joints pain and ache
Do you have ringing in the ears Is there nausea after eating
Are there crackling sounds heard Is there a pain in the small of the
is your hearing bad cloudy days bask
Do you constantly hear noises in the Is the arn dark and cloudy -0
ear * Are the eyes dull and staring
Do you hear better some days than Do your hands and feet swell
others Has the perspiration a bad odor
Do the noises in your ears keep you Have you a pain in top of head
awake Is there putfiness under the eyes
When you blow you nose do the Ie there a desire to get up at night
ears crack Dbo a deposit form when left stand
Is your hearing worse when you in
have a cold Have you a chilly feeling down the
CATARRHa . OF T .L .
CATARRH OF T) LIVER. Do you potse oing before the
The Liver Is Arected b (tarrh Through *m
:the Disease Extendiag from the Stor-( Catarrb of the head, throat, bron
clA into the Tubes of the Liver. chial tubas and ears are all directly
Are you i"itabl ,-. - the rmult oferm or microbe life
Are you irritable .,. s.e -,
Are younero u .:s ,. , . liing minute lioe-and the same ean
Doyougetdiry bermove e withthe onlyerl killer
-ave you.no. •nr .- n eearth;te only germ killer that is
Dao you fee isqlner e -harmles to human beings, Swamp
Is your memory poor Angel Medicine.
Do.yon get tired easily .
Is yeur eyesight blurred ". ii ii
Hve you a ai'nin theback :ll
Can't you explain where
Di liver or catarrh of the Swamp Anpge Liver Pills set with the
liver ean be'quihlly and peurmnently greatet eeo and the kmt Irritato. Be
eured by using a pint bottle of Swamp 5ur you take no snblttnte. 8mun box.
Angel Mdicine in conneeim with ao 10 em, lamr box lea by a.
6-eent box of Swamp Anpl Pills. wamumaz. ma -. e
Take no substitute, there can be a whiIouo
s'ubitate for Swap Angl P t pt wamp Anl Ppa alpS pAngel Mad. fW
tines * Orlpea.fse 100
You should not let your druggist h " a
deceive yo by aying they are frauds a pea, * 5i
m ply u has not got them in Ides psoa.e
Bee that he gets Swamp Angel Ico~mpnI. wmp . c.
RMedise _.C.
FOR SALE IN NATCHITOCHES BY
Mc. K. Holston.
lPeople's Partl, Plat- I
forml.
Iull Text of the onae Adopted
lat St. Lonis.
't he f1 lowinl i, the pl:tl forlll :a, ri.e
olllithlon :ld pt4le.I at ,tI . l nI,,i- 1bV
the Pel'ople's l:i'rty ('onvenition. Gin. ,J
I.i'r ea bteing i-hairmiiaii of tii' titm
mnittt onli resolu tionit
T'he I't eo les :lparty a-seildlli in nal
tional coil 'tvit il., rt:tllirnis its all egi
:tilla to the princlipli- dei !alrd lby the
forindlier of the reputllic', aii also to the
funda:nmental prilciple of just govern
mient as enuici:at ed in the latforni of
tie part''y In 15:1'. We rlcognize that
throuigh the conlitliel of th:, present
anltd ipre'villLus altuini ltrations ti licoll ll
tr hllas reachel d ia cr'isis in its na ithinal
ife preldicted in ou till" ~elaratlionl tlour
years ago. and pilatrioti 'actonl i the ll
preme duty of tihe hour. We realite
that while we have political indceptlcd
lice 111" tiancial ant i itrial i l ide
petlence is yet to Ie attaine il by res
toring to our country the constitutional
tontroli a iucl i ofexrse the funliti'onS
lneeo.Sa:ry to a plople's governienlt.
which futti-ti ins have Is-en ha-ily sutr
rendered byl" our pnulllic servanlt.s to cir
rpt milnopolie. Thle intluience of tile
epuitliican money chalnger; hasI'uenI
illmo'e potenit in shaping legislation than
the voice of the Aimerican people, ex
eciutive power and patriinage have been
tused to corral p t our inmdustrlie' and
defeat the will of the people, aind
plutocracy has been enthroned upon thel
ruins of 1)emocrac'y. To restore the.'
government intended by the fathers ainl
and future generations, ate demandi the
establidshniuent of an e'onomicl': linina
cial system which shall llmake us illaters
of our own aftair.s alnd indltpenlentl of
European control, by the adoption of
the following declaration of lrincilles:
FINANCE
1l. We demaniUd a natlional money.
safe and sound, issued by tile general
government only. without the interven
tion of batnks of issue, to be a full legal
tender for debts, public and private, and
a just. equitable and efficient lmeans of
distrilbultion direct to the people and
through the lawful disbursements of the
governmlnt,
2. We enmand the fret and uinre
stricted coinage of silver and gold at
the present legal ratio of 16 to 1. with
out waiting for the consent of foreign
nations,
3. We demand the volume of circu
lating medium he speedily inicrea;ed to
an amount suf-icient to n eet tihe de
mands of the busine.S population of
this country and to restore the just level
of prices of labor and production.
4. We denounce the sale of lndils
ani the increase of the public interest
hearing bonded debt male by the present
administration, as unnecessary and with
out authority of law, and demand that
no more bonds be issued except by a
specific act of congress.
5. We demand such legal legislation
as will prevent the demonetization of
the lawful money of the UnitedStates
by private contract.
6. We demand that the government
in payment of its obligations shall use
its option as to the kind of lawful mon
ey in which they are to be paid, and we
denounce the present and preceeding
administrations for surrendering this
option to the holders of kovernment ob
liteationsi
7. We demand the graduated income
tax, to the end that aggregated wealth
shall bear its just proportion of taxation,
and we denounce the doeisiuon of the
supreme court, in relation to the ineouie
tax law, as a misinterpretation of the
constitution and an invasion of the
rightful powers of congress over the
subject of taxation.
8. We demand that-posta3lsavings
banks be established iby the government
for the safe deposit of the people and
to ffcilitate exchange.
TRANSPORTATION.
1. Transportation being the means of
exchange and a public necessity the gov
ernment should own anim operate the
railways in the interest of the people
and on a nonpartisan basis, to the end
that all may e accorded the accorded the same treat
ment in transportation. anm that the
tyranny and politkal ower now exer
cised by the great railroad corporations.
which result in the impairment, if not
the destruction, of the political ri~thts
of the citizens, may l destriye,. Such
ownership is tno be eei upilished gradn
all. in a manner consistent with sound
S2. "The interest of the Uniited States
in the public highways built with lpulllih
money anti the til'i ei'ds of extensive
grants of land to the I'aci-ic railways
sihould never be arcinated, nilrtgaged
or sohi, lint guarded anti protonted(l for
the welfare as provided by the laws or
ganizing snch railways. The forchlos
ure tf the existing liens of the United
States on these roads shouah at onee fol
low default in the pavfnent Iof the debt
of the companics ani at the foreclomure
sales of said rooais the geivernment shall
purchase the same if it becomes necessa
ry to protect its interests therein or if
they can be purchased at a reasmnable
price; and the government shall operate
said railways as public highways for
the benefit of the whole anti not in the
interest of the few, under suitable pro
visions for the protection of life and
property, giving to all transportation
iterests and privileges equal rates for
fares and freight..
3. We denounce the present infamous
schemes for refunding these debts ani
demand that the laws now applicable
thereto be executed an I anministered
according to their true intent and spiri*.
4. The telegraph, like the piost-office
I system,-being a necessity for the trans
mission of news. should he owned and
operated by the government in the in
Wrest of the people.,
The Conr'.td, «\iuatioitg. 1.a.
.,. V. Rl;al , I" lito".
P'rotgressive A~Ze. 1?Isten. La.
1 F. \Vurren, Editor.
Louisiana IPolulist, Naltchit,,ches,
W\.(' C Flynt, Elitor.
Llakeside heview, Ill.kesiele. Lit.
.. F. & N. L. Miller, l1:lito:s
People's lDemandst , Col't1 1 , l1 t.
J1. I1. l)unt, Ellitor.
The People's Friend. L,,,ville. Lt.
L. L. L.IAlplit, Editor,
F.trmnerville il[rald, l'.rinerville,
II. T. JIohltson, Editor.
The New Road, Lakle ('lharIt.'s, t.
abc. llowery, Editor.
The Olla Signal, ( )lla, La.
A. 1. lluudley. IEditor.
The People's C(;ill, Anite ('itv, LI'.
IElzry D)ces, E lito ,
lanuer of Liblerty, Mlinden, Ia.
"'eoptle's Puttli'ng Co., Lmu'I:
People's Party Tribune, Wasltiing
Calcasieu Reformer, Oberlin, La.
G. II. I'txor, Editor.
Grand Came leacon, (ranud (Cane.
NV. A. Gibreth, Edlitor.
LA. N 1).
1. The tri e poli..y demtanI-ml that nai
tional antd state lgi' lat ion slhall be siIlh
as will ultim.theiv u:all every prlovi
dent and indu,tri tll4 itil.te to seenitt' :t
horne. and therefore the Ian I shou l.i not
le tuonopolized for speculativ, putrposeos.
All lands being held by railwatry an.I
other corporations in excess of their ac
tu:al needis, should by lawful nmeans Im
reclaimed by the government and hetll
for actual settlers only. and private land
lluonpoly as well as alien ownership
should I prohibited.
2. We condemn the franIls l which
the lan'. grants to the Pacific railway
companltits lhve through the Conni:ancetit
of the interior department roblel Imul
titudes of qlial hona title settlers of thtir
houses anld Itilrs of their clai.s, and
we demtu an l'gihas!:ti a by' ,ongress which
will inforce tt'hs exemptiont of mineral
lands fronm suh grants after after as well as
tbefore patent.
3. We dem:and that ona tidtle settlers
on all pub!ic lanlts be granted freet
homes, as pro;ide Il in the national
hometstead law, and that ino exemption
he male in the ea:e of Indian reserva
tions when opent,' I for settlement, and
that all land, not now patened conic tin
der this demand.
DIRECT IE(;ISLATION
We favor.:a system of direct legisla
titn through the initiative and referen
dum under proper constitutional safe
guards.
'GENERLAL PROPOSITIONSL
1. -iWe demand the electIon of presi
dent, vice president and United States
sonatoers by a direct vote of the people.
2. We tender to the patriotic people
of Culba our deepest sympathy in the
heroic struggle for politieal freedonm and
independence, and wI, believe the tinme
has come when the United States, tthe
greatsest republie of the world, should
recoegnize that (nlra is. and has a right
to be, a free and independent state.
38. We favor hernne rule in the terri
tories and the district of Columbia and
early almisieoit of the territories as
states.
4. All public salaries should he mlade
to correspondi with the price of labor andI
its prlodlcits.
3. In times of great industrial die.
pression, idle labor should Is, e'mploy"ed
on public works as far as pra:wticable.
6. The arbitrary course of the courts
in assuming to imprison citizens for in
dirtect contempt should he prevented by
pro lwr legislation.
7. We favor julst pensions finr our
disalleel Union soliers.
H. Believing that the elective fran
chi.e antl ae ulntr.tmlneletel ballot are es
sential tet a goVernlment of, for andti by
thee .JIcle, the Peeo fle's party condemlins
the whlsahe, systen of elistranehis'
Inent aelopteel in stmnt' states as unnr
pulblict:rn an I undemtec'ratic antI we de
lare it t " be the dity of the several
statet legislatures to take sueh action as
will secure a fnll. free sni fair Imllot
and an honest colunt,
9, While the forgoing propositions
eonstitulto the pJlatfnlmn ulpmn whlich our
party stands. andl for fihe vimlication of
which its organization will le mailltai
ed, we res-conize that thle great antI pres]
sing issue of the jiwnlinig camlnpaign, up
olt whichl the present presidential elec
tion will tlrn, is the hnancial question,
end upon the great anti spemeiic issue Ib.
tween the parties we cordially invite
the aid and co-operation of all organ
izations of citizens agreeing with uis
unon this vital oestion
"My hair," said a Imld-headed
man as he rublbedl his hare poll in
a reminiscentl way, "was tho most
ambitions thing albolt me4'
'"Ah?" responded his companies
questioningly,
"Yes; it always came out aon top,
-Detroit Free Press.
JOl W-()IRK neatly 1lone at thi:t
office--cheap for cash.