Has baone Wonders.
OaDtTRaVILL. It. I.. Sept. 17, 1891.
On a recent journey to.Alabama I have
.Leard from a Jesuit Father of Mobile College
some wondertul cures from eczema,et, from
the use of TETTERINL.
"I have sev,ral people of my congregation
that are Fufferinx fhom e znea, tetier, etC..
for a number or years. Please sand me two
boxes by mail. I want to see what your Trr
TsRtsl will do for them. I enclose one dol
lar." Yours respectfully.
Rtv. . P. GAnoua:r.
I box by mall for 50M. in stamps
J. T. SncPPTIrN[E. savannah, Ga.
Gibbon's massive h'tnry eccupled ove,
twenty years of his life. Comoared with
this, his other works are ansignifloant.
The Modern Mother
Has found 'tlat her little ones are improved
more by the pleasant Syrup of Fige, when in
need of the laxative effect of a gentle remedy
than by any other, and that it is more accept
able to them. Children enjoy it and it benefits
them. The true remedy, Syrup of Figs, is
manufactured by. the California Fig Syrup
Company only.
Mulhall, the noted statistlein, spent over
forty years in accumulating th: material for
ias one volume of statistics.
$100 Reward. $100.
The readers of this paper will be pleased' to
learn that there is at least one dreaded disease
that science has been able to cure in all its
etages, and that is catarrh. Hall's Catarrh
Cure is the only positive cure now known to
the medical fraternity. Catarrh being acon.
stitutional disease, requires a constitutional
treatment. Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken in
ternally, acting directly upon the blood and
mucous surfaces of the system, thereby de
,troying the foundation of the disease, and
giving the patient strength by building up the
constitution and assisting nature in doing its
work. The proprietors have so much faith in
its curative powers that they offer One Hun
dred Dollars for any case that it fails to cure,
iend for list of testimonials. Address
F. J. CF.NEYZ & CO., Tgledo, 0.
0W Sold by Druggists, 75c.
Hall's Family Pills are the best:
Scott's Waverly Novels, upon which his
fame now mainly rests, were all written be
twee 1814 and 1825.
Dobbins' Float'ng-Borax osap is not an imuits
fion. It is original. The only soap that floats, con
aslns Borax and as 100 per cent. pure. It is worthy
at a trial. Every lady who tries it continu, its uss.
]ed wrapper.
Raphael enjoyed a life of 87 years, from
1483 to 1520. His period of active work cov
* ed about fifteen years.
I use Piso's Cure for Consumption both in
)ny family and practice.-Dr. G. W. PATTERa
tOe, Inkster, Mich., Nov. 5, 1894.
FITS stopped free and permanently cured. No
it. after firs dy's use of Da. KLEus's GaaAT NsRav
ItEToaRa. Free $2 trial bottle and treta ie, Send
oDa. KLtst, 591 Arch St., Philadelphia, Pa.
Mrs.Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup for children
teething softens the gums, reduces infama
tion, allays pain, cures wind colic. 25c a bottle
If afflicted with sore eyes use Dr. Isaac
Thompson's Eve Water. Druggists sell at
Xcents a bottle.
Hope
Jtttrns to tbe heart of the victim bound in the
enains of rheumatism, dyspepla, scrofula, ca.
t rre, when blood is enriched and par.fled by
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
ThbeOneTrueBlood Purifir. All druegait,l t.
ood's Pills ar the be" after-dinner
S I pilla aid digest.oo. a I.
Potash
b3 a necessary and important
i gredient of con plete fer
tilizers. Crops of all kinds
require a properly balanced
manure. The best
Fertilizers
contain a high percentage
of Potash.
Ul abut Pota ,-the resnltsk sI, use bysetual eso
p riaeant san the bat farms in the United States-bi
* Id i a lile book which we publish and will gladly
*AJh tmy B rsmer la Amuerica who will wri tfo.,,
Ii ERMAN KALI WORKS,
g9 Nuassa St., New YoT.
NO INCUBATOR
ad p fr it befor
S iving it a trial.
The firm who ts afraid
to let you try their 1n.
eubator before baylag
it h asno fatl n their
nmaabline. We will sell
. ou ours
SON TRIAL
: OT ACtiT matil tried, sad i child osea rea
t mii mi i tesit atlte.o. a day. We won
.fMirT PRIZE WORLD'Se FAIR
ems rIw ou Orasail er g I you
3 e a oa traL Our a plr
- sa I the mousy usere is in the bual.
Bor roorIs. Ron so, he., 5ed.
~ Sthe aslats itt three persons lu.
I andsoatesisand we wlilseat
l sG: e 0 re and Bepatr," a booh
*. 54 llsmtratlona worth aPto
1ON CULIN INCUMATOR CO.,
W:. ws slo aud Golt(, of the pus
.. .tr.l, tormale by
TIll CEDARS STOCK FARM,
rtmesnt Prompt and
.al.crta. am Airia.s
./,2.o, .. .d
u-rt~in-rotTds
-ahodnrm
WILL YOU LIVE TO BE 100.
Some of the Signs of Longevity Noted by
Physicians and Savants.
Every une is interested in the ques
tion of long life as applied to himself,
and all facts bearing on it are noted
with becoming feelings of self-congra:
tulation or otherwise. It is the staying
power that is in demand, backed by an
inherited and reserved vitality of relis
tance against the usual evils to which
all flesh and other perishable things
are subject.
The law of heredity, which our life
insurance companies understand so
well, is at the bottom of all calculations
as to whether a particular man or we
man is wound up for seventy years or
will run down at twenty or forty years.
Aside from this testimony, there are
certain physical qualities which have
great weight in determining the result
of the struggle against a conspiring en
vironmnent. An oak has one configur
ation, and a cedar, pine, or mullein
stalk another. It is the proper recog
nition of such distinctions that aids
physiclans in their prognosis, and turns
the balance against apparently desper
ate chances.
At a recent meeting of the Academy
of Science, Mr. F. W. Warner, in speak
ing upon the subject of biometry, or.
fered some very interesting data, which
are in the main true.
"Every person," he said "carries
about with him the physical indications
of his longevity. A long-lived person
may be distinguished from a short-lived
person at sight. In many instances a
physician may look at the hand of a
patient and tell whether he will live or
die.
"In the vegetable an well as in the
animal kingdom, each life takes its
characteristics from the life from
which it sprung. Among these inherit
ed characteristics we find the capacity
for continuing its life for a given length
of time. This capacity for living we
call the inherent or potential longevity.
"Under favorable conditions and ein
vironment the individual should live
out the potential longevity. With upn
favorable environment the longevity
may be greatly decreased, but with a
favorable environment the longevity
of the person, the family, or the race
may be increased."
Herein are presented the two leadlng
considerations, always present and al
ways interdependent-the inherited po
tentiality and the reactionary influ
ences of environment.
"The primary conditions of longe
vity," he continues, "are that the heart,
lungs and digestive organs, as well as
the brain, should he large. If these
organs are large, the trunk will be long
and the limbs comparatively short.
The person will appear tall in sitting
and short in standing. The hand will
have a long and somewhat heavy palm
and short fingers. The brain will be
deeply seated, as shown by the orifice
of the ear being low. The blue, hazel
or brown hazel eye, as showing an in
termission of temperament, ls a favor
able indication. The nostrils being
large, open and free indicates large
lungs. A pinched and half-closed noe
tril indicates small or weak lungs."
These are general points of distine.
tion from those of short-lived tenden.
cles, but, of course, subject to the usual
individual exceptions. Still, It is wel
acknowledged that the characteristlec
noted are expressions of inherent po
tentiality, which have been proven on
the basis of abundant statistical evl
dence.
Again he says truly:
"In the case of persons who have
short-lived parentage on one side and
long-lived on the other side, the ques
tion becomes more involved. It is
shown in grafting and hybridizing that
nature makes a supreme effort to pass
the period of the shorter longevity and
extend the life to the greater longevity.
Anyone who undterstands these wealt
and dangerous periods of life is fore
warned and forearmed. It has been
observed that the children of long-live4d
parents mature much later and are
usually backward in the!r studies."
Medlcai Reccord.
Children's Eyelashes Eaten Off by Roaches
The followipg interesting letter from
Mr. Herbert H. Smith, the collector
and naturalist, gives a vivid picture of
the roach nuisance in the tropics:
"Cockroaches are so common in Bra
silian country houses that nobody pays
any attention to them. They have an
unpleasant way of getting into pro.
visldn boxes, and they deface books,
shoes, and sometimes clothing. Where
wall paper is used they soon eat it off
in unsightly patches, no doubt seeking
the paste underneath. But at Corum.
ba, on the upper Paraguay, I came
across the cockroach in a new role. In
the house where we were staying there
were nearly a dozen children, and
every one of them had their eyelashes
more or less eaten off by cockroaches
-a large brown species, one of the
commonest kind thorughout Brazil
The eyelashes were bitten oft irregn.
ladly, in some cases quite closeo to the
11i. Like most Brazilians, these child
ren had very long, black eyelashes,
and their appearance thus defaced was
odd enough. T'he trouble was confined
to children. I suppose because they are
heavy sleepers and do not disturb the
insects at work. My wife and I some.
times brushed cockroaches from our
faces at night, but thought nothing
more of the matter. The roaches also
bite off bits of the toenails. Brazilians
very properly encourage the large
house spiders, because they tend to rid
the house of other Insect pests."
Tared According to Its Size.
The idea . in Hamburg, Germany,
seems to be that a dog is a mnisance
anyhow, and tie bigger the dog tIb tI:
ger tlhe nuesect, so the authrlritls tax
a dog arcording to its e~izc--Chicgo
drrrsssgs be. enetrc. spp jii
et ahde cou4e.nmtjes ast tga.
~i*?.sm8. i; -LI ,, -.C,*L·+~~~
Chinese Tea Pl0kers.
The Chinese tea plant is a pretty ev
ergreep from three to seven feet in
height, covered in the winter months
with fragrant white or yellowish blos
soms, resembling those of the orange
or blackberry. The first crop of ten
der, unexpanded leaf buds is gathered
in May or June, and is the finest qual
ity, being reserved for the 'isc of the
mandarins and other individuals of au
thority and selling at $8 a pound
They are gathered by hand with th
greatest care, and often with a rouge
sort of glove, while the pickers are for
hidden to partake of any fish or string
smelling substance, for fear of afftect
ing the delicat- flavor. Much depends
also upon the exact time of picking,
as a delay of even twenty-four hours
may produce an inferior grade of tea.
No less than five successive hinmuersions
may he made from these leaves, while
the other crops supply but one or two.
The second and principal harvest is ',
early summer, the tea selling at $1.50 a
pound, and the third and last crop is
gathered in the autumn. This Is what
is usually exported, so tuat unless deal
ing with well known tea houses we sel
domn obtain ilhe choicest brand s.
Green tea is ;~nade by roasting the
leaves over hot fires inaeldiately "fter
picking, but those intended for black
tea are allowed to wilt and ferment for
several days in the open air until they
turn red, when they are "tired" over
furnaces of burning charcoal.
The Hysons are most generally used
of the green teas, and, like other brands
of their class, are often stained by the
Chinese with various mineral dyes,such
as Indigo and gypsum. All but the best
teas are also subject to adulteration
from the mixture of oilier kinds of
leaves or of exhausted tea leaves re
colored with black lead or logwood.
The greatest tea driukers are sali to
be the Australian., and after them the
English, who consume four times aS
much tea as coffee, while the people of
the United States utrlnk eight times as
much coffee as tea.
A Criminal Lawyer's Dodge.
The late Colonel William B. Mann
was fond of telling a good story at the
expense of Charles Brooke, the well
known criminal lawyer of New York
Colonel Mann, as district attorney, was
prosecuting a murder case in which
Mr. Brooke was counsel for the de
fense. Circumstantial evidence was
strong against the prisoner. The dis
trict attorney produced in evidence a
pair of boots of Scotch make, belong
ing to the prisoner, which it was proven
fitted exactly the footprints left in the
snow by the murderer near the scene of
the crime. In submitting the boots In
evidence, Mr. Mann called attention to
the several odd features of their con
struction, and added that he had looked
all over town for a pair like them, but
without success. Mr. Brooke asked
that he be allowed to keep one of the
boots over night. Hie thought he could
find a pair like them. The boot was
turned over to him, and at the opening
of court next day he produced another
pair of boots identical in every way
with those belonging to the prisoner.
The man, however, was finally convict
ed. After it was all oter Mann said to
Brooke; "'See here, Charlie, where did
you find those boots? I called at all the
big shops in town, but couldn't find
them." "Neither could I," said Brooke,
"so I had them made over night."
Philadelphia Record.
The Making of Birch.oil.
Connecticut farmers have found a
comfortoble side profit In gathering the
twigs, branches, and saplings of black
birch forl' the birch-oil distilleries. By
protecting the young growth, crops are
quickly raised. The birch-brush has
brought from $1.50 to $3 a ton. The
birch-oil has sold at $5 to $8 a pound,
but now Is less. One ton of birch
yields four pounds of oil. Farmers can
make the oil themselves. The distil
lery may be any rough building, and
the machinery Is inexpensive. The
birch-twigs, not over two inches in di
ameter, are cut in lengths of five inches
and thrown into water tight tanks with
copper bottoms, in which are coils of
steam pipes. Three feet of water is
poured in, the tanks hermetically seal
ed, and steam turned into the pipes,
The water is kept boiling six hours,
and the steam passes into a pipe which
runs in the form of a worm into a barrel
of cold water constantly renewed. The
steam is condensed in the worm and
the oil drips from the end of the pipe
into a pail. It was formerly claritfied
from a dull brown to a light green after
this process. Now this is done by
speading a heavy woolen blanket over
the birch-wood inside the tank, and the
oil drips out pure and ready for marker.
--Chicango Journal.
Sonme Facts.
It has been found that the more
height a nIan ba. the longer he is like.
ly to live, provided hIe 'takes care of
himself. Investigation by a statial
elan of mortuary records has resulted
im this knowledge. This same inquiry
disclosed the fact that women are
more likely to live to be fifty years of
age than men, but that after that age
is the man is likely to live longer than
the woman. The number of marriages
in civilizbd countries where records
are kept shows the proportion to he
seventy-fle weddings to every 1,000
individuals.
Persons who are born in the spring
are generally of a much more robust
constitution than those who come into
the world at other times in the year.
Iirths and deaths are much more fre
quent by night than by day. Thle num
ber of men throughout the civilized
world who are capable of bearing
arms, according to the physical rules
fixed by the different governments for
their soldiers, Is one-fourth of the to.
tal piolilatlor
)lak stands alone as the cidte de
stroyer of lifer character and property.
ltu· -.,. . I·LL L
Fatigupe of the Eye.
A star appears more distinct if one
looks at a point near it than it does
when looking at the star itself. This
is due to what is called "fatigue" of
the reina. When looking at an ob
jeot we natnrally focus that object on
the most sensitivP part of she retina
and keep the image permanently there.
Now, in the case of a star, the image
is a microscopic point and covers only
an infinitesimal portion of the retina,
and the great strain on this portion
produces immetdate "fatigue." If wo
look at a point near the star, then, as
the eye moves, the image travels over
the retina and successi' portions of
it are called into play so quickly that
"fatigue" is not experienced. It does
not do to look at another star near it,
for then the eye is kept fixed and
"fatigue" at once ensues. To most
eyes the Plelades appear far more dig.
tinot when we fix our eyes on a biauk
space of the heavens near them than
when we look at them directly.
The !iindoo and the Letter.
an Indian servant was once sent by
his master to a friend's house some dis
tance a nay. He had to carry with him
four loaves of bread and a letter. EBe
ing hungry, the Indian ate one of the
loaves. Wheu he reached his destina.
tion and handed in the letter, with only
three loaves, his theft was, of course,
instantly discovered, and, the circum
stances being reported to his master,
he was flogged.
Some time after he was sent again
with loaves and a note. Rightly guess
lug that the mysterious paper had told
of his misconduct the last time, the In
dian on this journey carefully hid the
letter under a large stone, so that it
could not see him. Then he once more
ate a loaf, chuckling to think how he
was cheating the tell tale paper. Judge
of his amazement when he was found
out again, all through the wonderful
letter. He confessed his theft, and told
how he had tried to cheat the paper,
but it was too clever for him.
Ileggars in Cliln*.
A Chinaman can live well upon five
cents a day, yet there are more teggear
in China than in any other country,
They travel in great companies, men,
women and children. The women suf
fer on this tramp, because their feet
are bandaged. Crowds of young beg
gars follow carriagere for miles, howl.
ing for gifts. Professionals often
multilate their children so they may
excite sympathy. These swarms of
beggars are the result of there not be.
ing enough work for them all. Each
family takes care of its own poor to a
great extent and the Chinese are not
lazy, so it is the force of circumstances
more than anything else that con.
tributes to this state.
Revival of a Gallows Bird.
An Arab named Mohammed Ben
Aidlel Benzerti was hanged recentl3
in Tunis, Algeria, for killing four
oth"er Arabs. After the usual time the
body was taken down and given to hii
relatives, who were preparing to burl
him, when he remarked: "Before
burying me, give me something tt
drink." They took him to a hospital
and he is likely to recover.
First Wife--My man's just gone out
wild as a hawk 'cos !:e can't find any
money to spend on beer. Second Wife
-WhVere do you hide it? Do tell! Mine
knows everywhere 'bout the house. I
can't hide nothin' from him long. First
WiVlfe-I always puts it In his own coat
pocket, the one as hangs up behind the
door, and he don't never look there
for "money.-Ally Sloper.
It is noble to bear like a hero the
calamities of life, but It Is ignoble to
continue to sufer under them when the
time has arrived to trlumph over them;
and only an Intelligent view of eaca
case can reveal when that time has ar
rived.
THE
,i ELECTRIC
SSTAR,
The most
Z Wonderful
:1 Dsicovery
Of Modern
STimes.
1 Will
Instantly
Relieve
and permanently cure Rheumatism, Sziatica,
Atrophy of the muscles, Varicose Veins,
Chilblains, Paralysis, Neuralgia, Dizz n-s,
Melancholia, Chiills and Fever, etc. If stead
ily worn will prevent many forms of disease
peculiar to carcles.; exposure, and at the same
tima vitalize and correct the entire system.
Absolutely harmless, light and handy, it can
be carried in the.pocket. Never fails, never
wears out. Nothinglikeit ever known before.
Price .1.03, by mall or sect C, O. D.
THE ELECTRIC STAR COMPANY,
1181-1183 Broadway, New York City.
Fn IfIVUI FIRELE! WATCH FREE! 135
other artioles. Cost nothin,. ead
Our ofpem-. k5w7~,mg vhe tata, *, '
II ,Io t anke, o weidad te ie
IpnQe itd eitd tu e rtinlg Itor , nlu
. n...p.5uc l hldrati orh s. A SI..
boAeUnldlree ay mald rname
seev n ~awo-ambt o .forloe,0 e.d'al
EnO. 3,m.mb¢ ,Yn Klyepsyh M.I
FIT rat=reme t Ditcovered Sked
D fWor T ThFe ktrue and starleh g setory o
II ------- Full length nlnutraK.ic As.
GEO. [AILOILY, Knarue), [Mlo.
foradvie. (L. Deane, late prin. ex
aminer U. S. Patent office.) DEaNE
* Waiva, McGill Building, Washington, D. C.
O For tracing rand locating Gold or ailve
I O,e. iot or hidden treasures. M.D. Ft ,'o.
LEhR, ,ax ,7;, owotsiagton, c¢nn'.
W-JA TC I E.-UP to January ist We wilt seil t
.the consumer, at te annufetutrera' pteart,
euine American wathed-e Eucxree stamp. aiish
ity nteodu rin Co.; Louaisvinle. E.,
* The Same
Old Sarsaparilla.
That's Aver's. The same old sarsaparilla as it was ©
Smade and sold 10 yfears ago. In thr laboratory it is
different. There modern apiai:ces lend speed to skill '
and experience. But the ;earsa prilla is the same old
sa saparilla that made the iecord- QO ycars of cures. has
' Why don't we better it.? VWeIl. we're much in the
c udition of the Lisihp and tho raspberry: "Doubt- , ar
less," he said, "God IiSght have inade a better berry.
But doubtless, als,. l! never did." Why don't we ,br
better the sarsaparilla? We r in't. We are using the
same old plant that cured the Indians and the
(; Spaniards. .t hIls not been bettered. And since twe
'-5 make sarsapa:ria comnpounl out of sarsaparilla plant,
we see n, way of improvement. Of course, if we, were
" maki'lg soni., secret. chemical compound, we migLht....
But we're not. We're making the same old sarsaparilLa
( to cure the same old diseases. You can tell it's the y
same ohl sarsaparilla because it works the same
old cures. It's the sovereign blood purifier, and
-it's dyer's, t
Important Notice!
The only genuine "Baker's Chocolate,"
celebrated for more than a centurv as a de
licious, nutritious, and flesh-forming bever
age, is put up in Blue Wrappers and Yel
low Labels. Be sure that the Yellow
b'.l Label and our Trade-Mark are on every
package.
WALTER BAKER & CO. Ltd., Dorchester, Mass.
TRADE-MARK.
YTASit your own baby or your neighbor's
that drove sweet sleep away? It's all un
necessary. Cascarets Candy Cathartic,
sweet to the taste, mild but effective, stop sour
stomach and colic in babies, and make papa's
liver lively, tone his intestines and purify his
blood.
EAT CASCARETS LUKE CANDY
They perfume the breath and make things all right all t
a-ound. At your druggist's lOc, 25c., 1k., or maded '
for price. Address
STERLINO REMEDY OOMPANY, CHICAOO oR NEW YORK.
CANDY
CATHARTIC `
CURE CONSTIPATION.
g-- --------------- ---- ------ -4
* THE HOME TREATMENT
T OF FEMAL.E DISEASES.
To assist modest women, who will not submit to humiliating
Sexaminations, in treating thcrmelves at home, a book has been
prepared which describes the symptoms
tof all female diseases and expLains their '
proper treatment.
Copies of this valuable 128-page bo~k will be
mailed to any lady on receipt of five cents by
Rev. It. L, iIcELREE, St. Elmo, enn.
V COST OF TREATEINTs
One Bottle McElree'i Wine of Cardul. * *1.00
SOne Package Thedlord's Black Draught, * .26
. Total Cost, * * 1.25
'I Sold by all Dealers in Medicine.
* A- -.--` '---------
180,O00 Copies of
SDemnorest's Magazine
T HE increasing popularity of Demorest's Family Magazine, a
popularity extending over thirty years, is ample proof
that eaclh succeeding year finds it improved in its vitality,
beau.ty and attractiveness. There must be something in a mag
azine that increases its subscription list from 80,000 to 180,000
names (a clear gain of 100,000) in less than a year. Don't you
think so?
READ TI.TS:
"l)remoreats lanrazlne is a literary conservatr of the artistic and the useful, Got up in America,
whete it has enormous sales, it is he most remarka'le work of the cla-s that has ever been published,
and combines the attractilons of several Englitsh magazines."--L.ondon ime,,s.
"We have received anther number of this delightfuil magaritne, alnd we fnld ourselves bound to re
iterate with greater arne_ ness tk o high encomim as we have alreatlv pronuncued on preceding numbers.
We are not givets to disparage unuly the literary ..ndt artistic publia .lous which emanate from the Ion.
don press, but we are hound, m simple fairness, to asnsert that we have not vo; met with any publication
pretending to a similar scope and purpose which canr at all compare wbh this marvehlous shillling's
wor :h."--Londotn lBdget.
The Anmerican Book~eer says: "There are none of our monthlies in which the beautiful and the u*.
tul, pleasure and profit, fashion and literature are so fully presented as in Deeorst'a."
ABSOLUTELY FREE TO YOU.
Upon receipt of a remittance of $2.00 from ycu for one year's subscription to Dem.
orest's Magazine we will send you FREE this beautiful Silver Sugar Shell as a
rmpremium, ind, in addition, you
will receive a copy of Van Vroden
burgh's exquisite oil painting, "Our
Iisnch S how," representing a
S"yard" of playful puppics-shown
above. The pictnre is 1036 inches,
and it is printed Io 14 colors in the
highest style of the plate-printers'art. You will say it is the cutest picture you have ever
seen when it reache you. It will be issued with the Deomber number of the magazine.
This premium offer is only available to subscribers sending their subscriptions
at oco to us direct, using the order blianK below, accompanied by a remittance
of $2.00. ,
CUT HERE AND BETUrU COUPON PROPERLT FILLRD OUT.
Demorest Publishing Co., 1o Fifth Avteuc, s. !.
For the enclosed $2.00 please send Demorest~r Family MagaJne for one year. Abo the
Bflver Sugar Shell and Van Vredenburgh's oil-color, "Our Bench Show," picture offered by you as
premiums.
N eO... e.. . ....... ....... .. ......... .............. ...... ................... .....
Date£w ar................. State............................................