LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS.
,VOJ. II. NATCHITOCHES, LOUISIANA, FRII)AY, 3A1AI 20, 189I . NO. 31.
i •-- ___ I-__ I_ --_, II i_~ •_ lli _1_E il l
Doctor Albright.
A BROAD MINDED PHYSICIAN
WITH PROGRESSIVE IDEAS.
elieves la Reoomameding Asp Neleate
That He nows Will Care Hist Patent
--hinks Dr. Williams' Pink FII
a Oreat Discovaery-He Otel
Some Marvelous Cares.
From the Examiner. I4aeastes, Pa.
Anoxis, PA., April Ath,'OLd
Dl. Wn.zI&s' ManIcumX Co.:
Gentlemen-While it I. entirely contrary
to the custom of the medical profea ion to
endorse or recommend any pf be socalled
proprietary preparations, I shall, never
theless, give you an accoount of some of my
wonderful experoience with your prepara
tion. IDr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo
People. The fact is well known that med
ical practitioners do not as a rule, recog
nize, much les use, preparations of this
kind, cons equentl the body of them have
no definite knowedge of their virtue or
lack of it, but soundly condemn than all
without a trial. Such a courseis estly
absurd and unjust, and I, for one, propose
to give my patients the best treatment
known to me, for the particular disease
with which they are suffering, no matter
what it is, where or how obtained. I was
rst brought to prescribe Dr. Wilams'
Pink Pills about two years ago, after hay
log seen some remarkable results from
their use. Reuben Hoover, nmo of BRed
ing, Pa., was a prominent contractor and
builder. While peritndi the work
of erecting a large billa sold
weather, he cont-acted what ws the h
to be sciatica. He mrst noted I no
morning in not being able to arise from
his bed. After the usual treatment for
this disease he Failed to improve, but on
the contrary grew t pidly worse, the ease
deveoping inte Hor p ortil
aalysis of the entire tit sid of the
body. Eetricity, tonics and mssage, e,
were all given a trial, but nothing gave m
benefit, and the paralysis continued. a
despair he was oomnelld to hear his p
sician announce that his case was op
About that time his wife noticed one of
your advertisements and concluded to oq
your Pink Pills.
He bad givea u ope and it requid a
great deal ofbe on the 5of his
wift topsrto tao tke rega
He, however, did as she deslre, mse i
appearaes lndicate health In this man,
one woueald think he was better than besore
" .A7,' . be Ibegan to m m::t h 1
two days, and In four or Ivsws I w
entirely well and at work.'
Havis these rtesba s I ýei ad I
that suce a remedy is srely worth a trial
at the hands of any picn, eand o
quently when a short time e I was
called upon to treat a lady asnering with
palpitation of the heart and great nervous I
prostration, after the usual remedies failed
to relieve, I ordered Dr. Williams' Pink I
Pills. The reselt was simply stonishiag.
Her attaci became lsm frequae and also
La sin r tyt, ntil by teir ,a efor
t eonly two moats she was tihe i
toof health, resy-chekeld and brit t
eyed, as well as ever, and he has otinued
so until today, sms than one er since
she took ay medele. I have ound these
pillss aspecfl for chorea, or as more oma-h
oaly knw., l Vines' dance, as baen.
Sresults hae in all case marked their
we As a spring toaloc ay one who, fro
rverwork or nervous strain during a long a
winter has become pale and languid, the
Pink Pll will do froedersi. in g ia
the countenance and in bumo tug si
br.nll roes to the pllid lp and reew
it gt1acntei of yooutsh.
YoJ. e. ALunseaaa, .
God is not a respetor at prsnoe,
but he Is of character
hoI I , t ieas ll
SIq ,i. (1* Ii
II -
WlrCD I
= *~q-az,_a·~
tA RINGING ADDRESS.
N CHAIRMAN ASHBY TO THE POP
ULISTS OF TEXAS.
a ' Re Deelares the 165,000 Populists of this
State to Be "the (reat Stonewall Brigade
of the Reform Movement," and Urges
Thorough Organization.
Fort Worth, Tex., March 5.-To the
Populists of Texas: I congratulate
1 You upon your great work for the
people in the past, your devotion to
r.- the principles of justice and right.
17 History will write down that amid the
a wranglings, trickery and corruption of
4. the dominant political parties, the op
pression of poverty, without politi
cal prestige, brow-beaten, insulted, ac
r cused of anarchy, communism and so
ll ealism, that you have bravely stood
for the principles inaugurated by the
ft fathers of this republic; exposed fraud
s and corruption in high places; you have
beaten back the cohorts of plutocracy
that would have, but for your untiring
r- efforts, overwhelmed our fair land,
and the reign and rule, undisturbed, of
ct a monoyed aristocracy would have re
rk suited.
i The 165,000 Populists of Texas com
et pose, so to speak, the great stone wall
s brigade of the reform movement in
n these United States. You have been
- brave and bold, patient and oonserva
t tivae Yours has been largely a labor
of love. By your broad and liberal
spirit it was that the laboring people
met at St. Lousa to bury war issues
a and drown with grateful tears the last
A spark from hatred's fires, enkindled
f during the civil war, that estranged
brothers might love back to a sweet
fraternal companionship. If you
would know your success, only look
over the country, from the smow-cov
ered north to the sunny south, from
the far-est to the extreme west, and
find millions of Populists, a great.and
growing party pledged to reform, held
together by duty and the love of jus
tice. Witness the late session of the
National Reform Press association,
held at Dallas, by noble men and
women from all parts of our nation.
No one inquired where he or she was
born, whether in Maine or Florida;
whether he wore the blue or gray; on
the contrary, they were guided in all
their actions by that spirit of fraternal
love that makes nations strong and
Speat. Texans, let the future develop
hore and more of this spirit of lib
trality. Let us surrender no princi
Spies, but invite to our ranks and coun
" gals all men who love their country.
wme wnt no single plank or platform,
to1 party; in fact, none has even been
proposed, so far as my knowledge ex
I lends. As for myself, I have never
1 ,sked f a positlon in the party, and I
km not a candidate for any office at
k the hands of the people and would
hot accept anything at the hands of
t ay other party. I have, under all cir
lumstanoes, done the best I could.
"The state executive committee met
It Dallas on Feb. 22. Those present
here H. 8. P. Ashby of Tarrant, chair
han; J. H. Boyd of Delta, secretary;
trst district, E. P. Alsbary of Harris; I
third district, John O'Byrne of Gregg;
Birxth district, J. T. W. Loa of Dallas;
heventh district, W. F. Douthitt of Bell;
silhth distrlot, J. M Mallett of Par
k~er; ninth district, M. M. Williams of
Willianson; thirteenth district, J. 8.
,dley of Taylor, and for the state at
ar H. L. Bentley of Taylor.
"Ths prooedings of the committee 1
Were oneduetd in secret.
I "Wednesday, Aug. 5, was decided up
as as the time for holding the state
mhomiating coanvetlon. The commit
te lad the basis of lreparstaton
cr the state onvention as one vote
or every 800 votes east for Hon. T. L. 1
Ngent for governor in 1894, and one i
for a majority fraction ot 200.
"Tb. sobowng resolutions ware
-aal l adeptad:
"Resolved, that we favor an honor
che ualo of .11 the reform forces of
h Unitl State. along those lines (
th will bet promote the welfare of Z
ill our people, ad that we reairm our I
essiaon of eoaSdeaee the lateg
I:y and patUwtlsm of our mntloa t
airm, H. &U Taubemek, and the a
segatoeIl -m *- and also our state a
ghrmas, H. . P. Ashby.
"Resolwd, that while we do not la i
te tlame for holdag eaongre.la eon- -
etiom for the purpose st electing
telesp6 to the atioal coaveation,
w n~gt th each coavention eleet
Sm del-eate for the district at large
e a o elsg. r each 200 votes or
aiuriv frstln mest for T. L. Na
pat 3or gorest in 134 to tha an
U 8 Isl egs past conveti ta fa
mr Lease.
"aRmlee, hat we mesenmed that P
esauuglgml onmvathoms om semii
sin eassIees for eaape not i
)4 a ate the aatisal oave
b as m iss lasry athesuLd d
Sagusitl twlaggueta r
i atwa waln s a
m". atS !i
fixed the date for holding the state
nominating convenm'on Aug. ;. For
many reasons this was deemed advis
P- able, among them that at that date
the national oonvent ion will have been
held and we will be better prepared
to act for our best interests.
11s Having leurd many rtunnrs and
de seen much in print about Chairman
Taubeneck he was invited before the
committee to make a statement, and
having declared his indorsement of the
he principgfs of the Omaha platform, the
te committee thought it just to give him
1e their indorsement.
to The committee having fixed the day
tt. for holding the state nominating con
ae vention between the date fixed for
of holding our national conovention
and the state Democratic nomi
1_ nating convention, it was determined
C- to let the congressional districts elect
D the delegates to the national conven
)d tion, on the basas fixed by the national
executive committee. This being done.
id after mature deliberation it was
e deemed unwise to call a state conven
.y tion and put the people to the expense
necessary to hold a state meeting
d, simply to elect two delegates to the
of national convention for the state at
large, hence your humble servant was
instructed to appoint them. This I
shall do after the congressional dis
11 trict conventions have been held, and
after consulting with the committee.
n There was no desire to usurp any au
thority, but the committee did what
was believed to be best.
The committee was deeply im
le pressed with its great responsibilities
and acted conscientiously, doing what
it believed would redound to the up
d building of the cause and the success
d of the party.
t In conclusion, let me urge you to
1 push the work of education and organi
k sation until a reform campfire is seen
t- brightly blazing on every hill and in
n every valley in all Texas. Let us, as
d in the past, stand by and fight for those
d principles so dear to the hearts of all
d true reformers. Let us invite all good
men, without regard to past affilia
e tions, to rally, under the grand flag of
reform, that we may triumphantly
d march to victory in November next.
H. S. P. ASHBY, r
a Chairman State Executive Committee
People's Party of Texas.
n Let Justice be our guide in all things.
j Patriotism based on selfishness is
d no good.
P Plutocracy and usury, plunder and
- surption.
Class laws and crime, corruption and
cussedness.
Hon. J. H. Reagan is a general with
out an army.
r There is a parity between doma
I gogues and rascals!
t Poverty is perhaps the most danger
I ous foe to society in existence.
Stand unflinchingly by every prin
ciple in the Omaha platform.
Sectionalism is dying, and with it I
must die the two old parties.
When demagogues rule patriots
tremble. Look at our country now.
Populists do not seem to be worried
over candidates. It is principle first
Smen next. _
It has been Patriots vs. Plutocrats
ever since gold and silver was adopted s
as money.
United we win, divided we will'cer
tainly fail, for a house divided against
itself cannot stand.
"Fishing smacks are used in angling r
for a husband," says Texas Sifter. Yes, a
and demagogy to catch voters. t
Thur is nobody who expects some
thing for nothing, except the omlee
holders of the two old parties. a
Paper is very useful. Car wheels,
phuno frames and money are made of
it-money by statutory enactment. c
Selfishnees is the foundation of all L
our troubles. When It is abolished
mtmomQly and millionaires will be no
more.
God made the bees, but it is the bees b
that makes the honey; man made the
goveramest, but the law makes the
money.
The publie debt of the United States ,
less cash In the treasury is $937,067,- 9
413, whereas it should not be one dol
ar even.
Thd Knight of labor who votes a h
Demoarato or Republican ticket is an a
arrant fraud, and should not be coun- b
temaseed. p
The Hessian treed of plutocracy is
h]ud in tihe eastern states and it D
moust be hushed. Organize People's u
prty clabs. u
Did you ever hear of a plutocrat do
lag unto others uas he would have U
others do sato him? If so, whe, andal
who was be ?
County esadidates aee the best advo
eates that ay given set of prineiples
en hasa Theq see everybody and
talk, tlk all the tia u.
We must have ulnty ead harmuay C]
Si te P sp partyr tt~r wo -
-rs aun ,m ra. t obmet T
ii -C
te The prestn; r, ',,litiol is economic,
,r and must be : rile,: withour the use of
s- arms.
The tax-eaters, state ;and federal,
have not adjourned and do not intend
to if they cans avoid it. TI'h-ir appe
tiae for official pie cannot be ap
pIr:sed. The offmee-holding glutton is
without apology.
d Fusion is disintegration and destrue
te tion. Stay in the middle of the road
tc and invite all good men who desire the
it perpetuation of a rc publiran form of
goternment, who favor sovereignty of
y the citizcns, who love simplicity and
1- honesty in public affairs, to join us in
or the triumphant nmarch to victory.
I The Roetgen ray, by which the brain
d or any part of a livin, being can he
photographed, is certainly one of the
most marvceous discoveries of the age.
N1 ow, if Edison or some other exspcrt
can invent sxone way to make public
all the trickery cf the ol plarty lead
ers the people will call him blessed.
e Did you ever hear of a robber quit
g ting of his own accord? No, you an
e swer. Then, do you expect the legal
.t ized robbers in and' out of office to 1
s s:op until you vote to put in different 1
I people and change the laws so as to
preclude legalized robbing? Itetorm
d bcr that no reform ever came through
an old organization.
The Democrats are great on de
flcits-leaving bills for o:hers to pay.
It is now estimated that the federal de
ficieney vwill be somewhere between
$18,00OO,000 and $30,000,000, while in
Texas Mr. Culberrson's reign has piled
up $500,000 on the $!3,000,00u left by
Mr. Hogg in one year, and this, too, I
with taxes higher than for fift(en years.
Hon. Ignatius D-nelly of Minnes
1 ota says that the "money power will
1 do its best to break us up at St. Louis. I
3 Concert of action means victory: di
vision means defeat. Millions will be
1 spent to tear us to pieces." Yes, we
I should be very particular in our se
lection of delegates. Pick out sensi
ble men. Don't ,send cranks or cow- c
r ards.
- - t
No fusion, no single plank, no sac
rifice of principle, but let us be politic a
enough to invite and even urge all
rWformers, of whatever name, to join I
with us and share the honor of over
throwing plutocracy. Let us swell the
army of reform until it sweeps the a
country, and shakes plutocracy like n
unto an earthquake. Monopoly must i
go. d
In 1850 the farmers of the United
States owned 75 per cent of its wealth, n
while in 1890 they owned but 29 per t
cent, a clear loss of 46 per cent, or over b
half in forty years; and this, too, In
spite of the fact that there are now
three farmers to where there was one
in 1850. Thus it is seen we are grad
ually becoming a nation of ren:ers,
hence dependents. h
In 1891 thsre were 13,000,000 families w
In this government, and the total as- b
sensed wealth was $62,082,000,000. At k
that time through'class legislation it l
was made possible for seventy families
to own $2,625,000,000 of that wealth, Ci
while 9,620,000 families only owned $7,- ri
215,000,000. Do you not see that there 01
is something wrong? Do you not think U
it about time to make a change?
The cranks have always been the A
saviors of society. Perilous times de- ni
mand men of strong endowment, men p1
of nerve, men obstinate and eccentric
in pursuit of the right, men who have
forsaken the dead past for the living tr
present, and who are "filled with the tr
rapture of a high resolve." Such are al
are the men that mankind is indebted Is
to for all it has of happiness and free- b!
dom. gl
The Minneapolis Representative
says that the "rings steal hundreds of i
millions annually from the people. th
One-tenth of the plunder is used to ,
control the daily press and buy up the tl
leaders of the two old parties, to dar- g
ken intelligence and make the voters to
poor, blind and incapable of self-de- co
tense. Strike before it is too late." m
Yes, strike at the ballot box this fall th
by voting a People's party ticket. pe
We hear a great deal about organized d
labor, but the Hon. Carroll D. Wright, th
of the national bureau of statistics, is
reported as estimating that only 1,- ur
800,000 of the 15,000,000 of American "
wage-earners are organized in any sort dr
of trades' unions. It would seem from
his estimate that but little over one
man in every fifteen belongs to and la
bor organization. No wonder the t
places of strikers are easily filled.
pe
A late dispatch from Wilmington, be
Del,. to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch thi
says it is stoutly aserted that "Col. ph
Wm. A. Dupont, who will shortly rep- Be
resent Delaware Republicans in the ph
United States senate, is unquestion-.
ably a Democrat. He voted for Hor. a
ace Greely, Gem. Wiafleld 8. Haacoek ah
and OGrover Cleveland, and a diligent h
search made by his friends has failed boi
to produce any evidence that he arv pa
voted a atraight Repubilean tlcket." a1
Bat what is the dliterce between a an
Cleveland Demo~rt ad a gold asad- th
mad RepubgelI? tIn eaador, are ter th
o abot the mr the4 ,g"g ,
|MORGAN'S CORNER.
"NOTES AND COMMENT" FROM
d A SKILLFUL PEN.
Flashes of Thought from the World of
s Thinkers Commented Upon by the
Secretary of the National RIeform
Press Assotiatiou.
e The meeting of the National Com
mittee at St. I.ouis. Jan. 17. was one
of the great events of th,, ear. .'he
d results of the meeting, we bgeli:e.', are
generally satisfactory to the Populists.
There is some dissatisfaction as to
what some of the committee should
have said in interviews published in
the St. Iiouis papers. We have little
confidence in what we read in the pluto
cratic papers and are not willing to
take such r.e)orts for truth. However.
c there is one suggestion we wouild make
in this connection, inasmuch as the in
terview is so seldom truthfully report
ed, we see no reason \ hy our leading
- Populists should persist in submitting
- to being interviewed, unless it is
through an uncontrollable desire to at
t tract public attention.
* " *
There is a kind of discussion going
on in some of our Populist papers, if 4
it can be dignified by the name discus- 1
sion, that is doing the party more harm
than good. It is with reference to the
so-called "Issues" in the Omaha plat
form. Now, if there is anything wrong 1
in the Omaha platform it ought to come
out. Upon that all good Populists will
agree. But it is not fair to arraign I
the "issues" and not designate what
they are. The plutocratic press hold
i that the platform is made up of "is
sties," and, by the way, the word "is
1 sues" was first applied by the plutocrat
Ic press. When Populist papers or
- Populist leaders speak of the issues.
they owe it to the public to state what.
In their opinion, constitute the "issues"
" in the platform. While some seem to
I think that everything is an "issu:e" ex
cept the free silver coinage plank, the
plutocratic press charges that that is
the worst issue of all. To talk about
"issues" and not state what they are
occurs to us as firing from the brush
to escape a responsibility which there
is a lack of courage to assume.
In a speech before the Illinois Bar
association, Judge John Barton Payne
made a very startling statement, which
if true (and there is no doubt of it).
demands a very drastic remedy. 1
"In Cook county," he declared, "no
man who has sufficient influence to see
the County Commissioners can be
brought to trial for any crime on earth.
Did you apprehend the force of that
statement? It is literally true."
About a year ago, in that city, a poor
man was sent to jail for taking a pig's
foot. Of course he had no "influence."
Several men were hung because they
happened to be present at a meeting
where some reckless fellow threw a
bomb, and several policemen were
killed and injured. It was never
charged that any of them threw the °
bomb, or knew anything about it. Of
course they had no influence. But the
rich dodge their taxes by making false '
oaths, and resorting to all kinds of a
unlawful subterfuges, and nothing is it
said about it. They have "influence.'
"Influence" is a great thing in Chicago. B
A stranger going to that city should A
never neglect to take along a good sup- Ct
ply of it with him. ci
Se as
And now comes the charge that the cc
treasury officials are covering up the 1
true facts about the gold withdraw- T
ala from the reserve fund. This n
is not the first time the charge has ei
been made that these officials are jug- u]
gling with figures in making their re- t
ports. But this time the kick comes hi
from the plutocrats, who demand the ul
right to know just how much blood m
there is left in their victim, that they ri
may know tow to gauge their specula
tions. They do not care to kill the d
goose that lays the golden egg, or even w
to rob the nest that she might be dis- s;
couraged or disgusted and not lay any- ci;
more. Hence they demand to know th
the facts in the case. So far as thr co
people are concerned it makes but littl sh
ditfference; while there is a traitor ir uc
the camp who holds the keys and opens d
the doors the thieves will raid the treas- C(
ury, and until the tool killer can catch be
up with his work, or the partisan scales in
drop from the people's eyes, we cannot re
hOpe for anything better. na
Senator Sherman 'ill probably live
long enough yet to drain to the dregs mi
the cup of gall he has prepared for the ,
people. His methods and his record are
being laid before the people in a way be
that is not calculated to add to his hap- th
plneas. In a recent speech in the senate,
Benator Morgan Indulged in most em
phatic criticsms of his record.
He referred to the intrigues before otl
national conventions and the "wind- ou
shaken platforms" of these bodles. In bu
his Judgment the emergency tariffl and i
bond bills were constructed merely as a
part of the platform to be laid before
a national convention next summer
and not with any purpose to enact
tLhem as laws Mr. Morgan erlticised -
the hinaul course ot Mr, sbermauo.
ybUr he aetses tb ae dgvlug
Sclose attention to the remarks. He re
R. frred to Mr. Sherman as the "Napoleon
of finance," but this Napoleon was rap
0M idly nearing his Waterloo and his exile
at St. Helena. MIr. Morgan enumerated
in detail the financial burdens which
the legtslation urged by the Ohio sena
or tor had imposed on the people. They
he were evils which brought misery, want
mm and calamity to the whole people. It
had worked more miseries than those
pictured in the Apocalypse. His (Mr.
I,- Sherman's) garment was one of many
ne colors. in lkeleing with the variegalt I
he li:.es of the party to which he belonged.
re At the present time the Ohio senator
s. and the PreSident were together in
to their financial views, both equally ob
I1 livious to the constitutional requite
in ment that the metals he on equal terms.
l It was the Ohio senator who originated
o- the evil of selling bonds to a syndicate.
to * *
,r, The People's party has plenty of gen
ke erals but not enough privates. Let us
n- devote our time now to mustering anO
t- organizing recruits-when the proper
ig time arrives we can select our generals.
~g -Industrial Leader.
is That is only a part of the truth,
t- iBrother Royelle; but it is mighty good
as far as it goes. The People's party
has too many so called generals. And
ig some of them are generals, too,-gen
if eral nuisances. One of the drawbacks
to progression is that too many men
to think they are born to lead, who are.
,e actually not fit to lead a mule to water.
,t- All the trouble that has ever come to
ig the People's party has come through
ie Its generals(?). You are right; what
ill we need now is recruits-privates. And
to here is the field for the would-be gen
at erals to work. Let them organize and
Id equip an army and then they are en
s- titled to be called generals. Some of
s- them could not, or would not organize
t- a corporal's guard. Yet many of just
r such men frequently make the most
noise in our conventiohs. The trouble
t. with many of our people is, they got
" the impression in their old party that
to patriotism consisted more in making
a noise than anything else, and they
1C can't divest themselves of the habit.
is What we need is voters and you cap't
it get them by making a noise. Go to
re work and organize.
;h " "
,e At this juncture of our strained re
lations with Great Britain, the testi
mony of Benjamin Franklin before a
Tr committee of the House of Commons,
te in 1776, will be interesting. In answer
to the question, "What was the temper
of America to Great Britain before
1773?" he answered:
to "The best in the world. They sub
mitted willingly to the government of
the Crown, and all their courts paid obe
dience to acts of Parliament. Numer
ous as the people are in the several old
provinces, they cost you nothing in
forts, citidels, garrisons, or armies to
keep them in subjection. They were
governed by .this country at the ex
pense only of a little pen, ink and paper.
a They were led by a thread. They had
not only regard but affection for Great
r Britain, for its laws, its customs, its
manners and even a fondness for its
Sfashions, that greatly increased its
e commerce. Natives of Britain were al
e ways treated with particular regard;
, and to be an old England man was of
· itself a chaacter of some respect and
gave a kind of rank among us. The
British government took away from
America its representative money,
commanded that no more paper bills of
cre(lit should be issued, that they
should cease to be a legal tender, and
p collected the tax in silver. This was in
1773. Now mark the consequences.
This contraction of the circulating
medium paralyzed all the industrial
energies of the people. Ruin seized
upon these once flourishing colonies;
the most severe distress was brought
Shome to every family; discontent was
urged on to desperation, till at last hu
I man nature arose and asserted its
right!"
To-day we are practically under the
domination of English financiers. It
I was at tile dictation of England that our
s;lver was demonetized and depre
ciated. It was England that dictated
the contraction of our currency and a
consequent reduction of values of all
she wanted to buy of American prod
ucts. It is England that is now with
dawing our gold from the Treasury and
conspiring to force the issue of more
bonds. If less provocation than this
inspired our fathers to rise up In open
revolt against a much more powerful
nation than themselves, of what stuff
arc- we to submit quietly when we pos
seas as great power as England can
muster? And no resort to arms is nec
.fsary. We can vote off this domina
tion, but since England has captured
both old party machines we must smash
the machincs before we can do it.
W. 8. MORGAN.
Out of respect for decency, If for no
other reason, the Democratic party
ought to consent to allow itself to be
buried without the usual post-mortem
ceremonies.
The bemocratic party never was so
demoralized as It is now. It has noth
Ing but broken pledges upon which to
make the campaign.
Secretleu rPtiiule huas ordere4 tIb
coasg of 14U8o,OQQ silver do4lf