LOUISIANA POPULIST.
bubscription $1.00 Per Year. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule Price 6 Cents.
VOL. III. NATCHITOCHES, LA., DECEMBER 4, 1896. NO. 16.
Discontent lies at the bottom of all
progress.
The paramount question is that of
human rights.
Government ownership will break up
the railroad trust.
One of the "paramount issues" now
is "where are we at?"
The yellow-hammers are without
doubt entitled to the "last year's bird's
nest."
A gilt-edged civilization may contain
as much barbarism as no civilization
st all.
There is every reason to believe that
the yellow-hammers were only decoy
lucks.
The price of products, under an equi
table system of distribution, fixes the
price of labor.
The men who buy votes before elec
:ion will buy the votes of representa
tives after election.
It is now about time to say "when the
amoie of battle clears away, etc.," with
a VW'# extended etc.
Since the wealthy are the greatest
tax dodgers, it comes with poor grace
for them to talk about honesty in poll
ties.
The government might experiment
en government ownership of railroads
by closlag its mortgage on the Pacific
roads.
Middlemen buy the farmers' produce
at the lowest prices possible, then sell
to consumers at the highest price they
can force by combination. The farm
ers should combine, and say something
about the selling price themselves.
The St. Louis Evening Journal aptly
remarks that : "Within the boundaries
of creation man la the only animal that
will submissively suffer for food in a
lad of plenty and see his offspring suf
fer with cold when material to keep
them warm is plentiful.
Are we free? Even as English col
onists our forefathers enjoyed for one
a hundred and ten years the right of free
and unlimited coinage of silver. But
a hundred and twenty years after the
declaration of Independence we are told
that we must ask England. Are we
really *depean.nt?
Whatever ourke Cochran or any
other htied otath- may say about the
ftrmers the naked truth remains that
the btrmers produce the meat, bread
a$ clothing of the world-and the
aferesaid orators never eat a square
meal nor don a nobby suit of fashion
able elethes that the farmer did not
handle 5st.
The id-,bug howl about "silver
A~ inge" is a ccal iSpdeodle.
,Might i well denounee the use of
wheat beawuse men make fortunes
''m*bW1i la wheat futures, but the
as who produce the wheat don't
safe a grSeat artunes, ad nobody
thinks of stepplpg the use of wheat
Just beesses some men specnlate in it.
We have no defense to ofer for the
amblers in aling stoeeks; neither do
'e defend the se who speculate in
wheat, perk or railroad stocks. Yet
that dees net change the fact that hot
. MbiulW with has and gravy make a
s ko beakat; that railroads are a
reat eemveieaee in travelling, and
thlt ilver mask ood money.
The  saly pplM s oed which "in
turas l bes.am.," r a single
S steandard, as bre t forward In
, poaltes to bfe ,oolage of el1ver,
' ba W~t l anse ito that this coustry
bs hea a berrwer ti uropea mar
oae siver wU s demometrrled, and
ued to Jpay gold. But the
beatelem o asilver would not prevent
heo pagm t e such obllatloms in
U b. h preiastles ot gold woald
eadae '-.la tlhi coautry, and we
. - boath h aid sad silver. The
l Ia th e& ltet in that tncreasi
i,' silver wesM sedues the purcheulag
pe' e g- p ad peavet the hIsib
*.· ailom e ietalu r sa m h from
. napit geSdumun othns eomatry
ea y nm w ho the entwered
SShe kl b5r n to desro half ur
mew ad mae tthe dllrs the re
te la pay t twie* as gret in
: • me pew's ap the eane they
. A 1,. Asen b. em .
Api ~ade 0as tlv awareid by t
V as a o o r l a ker
!a- d'o n
a" WHAT IS REALMONEY?
of WHO SHOULD ISSUE AND CON
TROL IT?
_it
pWhat Are Its Functions-How Deter- I
min. the Proper Amount Necessary
ow for Businese-Prosperity and Employ
ment of Labor.
Out We hold, that to a very large extent b
s the shrinkage was caused by a de- ti
crease in, together with concentration r,
n of, our money. n
ion This ought to be understood by all I
who are able to vote, yet, ask every t
business man and every man you meet
hat I on the streets and how varied the an- ti
swers. In order to define as clearly I
as possible what money is, we here t]
quote from some of the world's best r
n,- authors, writers, and jurists on money n
the and currency. It will be well for you t.
who have not the authorities and who Ii
wish to have references at your com- ii
lc- mand, to clip them out and paste in t
eta- your dcrap book. a
Money is the impression of sover- o
eign authority, conveying the legal v
the tender of debt paying function on a ti
rith piece of metal, paper or other sub- I
stance. Destroy that impression, melt i
up the metal upon which it is placed,
test you extinguish the money and money t
ace value. 9
oil- "Money is coin stamped metal, usu- d
ally gold or silver, stamped by author- a
ity and used as a medium of commerce $
ent -Webster's Dictionary. i
ads "Money is the medium of exchange. a
ific What ever performs this function, does c
the work, is money, no matter what it c
is made of."-Prof. Walker in Political d
uce Economy. e
sell "Money is simply employed for bar- I
hey tering, as a ship for carrying. Its ac- t
rm- tion is similar to a cart's, it fetches r
ing for its owner the things he is in want I
of."-Professor Jevons. 0
"The intrinsic value of money was
ftly the idea in the days of crude barbar- c
ries ism. The simplest and most perfect I
.hat form of money is that phich presents I
n a nothing but transferable debt, such as 2
ruf- paper. It is only when states have f
:eep reached a high degree of civilization (
that they adopt this perfect form of
money.-Rees' Encyclopedia. C
col- "Whatever power there is over the I
one currency is vested in congress. If the'
free power to'declare what money is not in I
But congress it is annihilated. * " We
the repeat, money is not a substance, but I
told an Impression of legal authority, a I
we printed legal decree."-12 Wallace 519, t
United States Supreme Court. t
"An article is determined to be
my money by reason of the performance
the by it of certain functions without re- I
that gard to its form or substance.-Apple- I
'ad ton's Encyclopedia.
the "Metallic money,, while acting as I
re coin, is identical with paper money in
Ion- respect to its being destitute of intrin- I
not sic value."-North british Review.
"Money is a tool of exchange and
nothing more. It is not a measure
Iver of value, nor a standard of value, nor
dle. a representative of property. It trans
of fers property conveniently from one
nes party to another; as a wagon hauls
the goods from one place to another."- I
on't Professor Price.
ody "Moneys are of great varieties. The
seat palpable characteristlic which distln
r it guishes money from the numerous sub
the Jet4 totit tesemble it, but which are
do not money, is its mark of authority,
In signifying that it is Issued, circulated
Yet and made payable for debts, services,
hot fines, taxes and commodities by virtue
a a of law."-Alex Delmar in Science of
ma Money.
and "Money is a value created by law (a
statutory law). The value of metallic
money is created by law."-Henry
'In- Cornuschi.
le "The Jegtalation assumas that in
i In cetemplation of law, money of every
r, species has the value whiceh the law
try ases on it; that congre baa the con
mr- stltutlonal power to my that ten
ad penmyweights ofa silver shall hence
the forth be the dollar and do the ofmce
rat heretofore done by sixteen peany
in weights, four and one half grais."-
ad Attorey General U. & (12 Wallace, U.
we 8. Supreme Court report, page 51S.)
The "The gold dollar is rot a commodity
du having an Intrlsle value, but money
Shaving only a statutory value. * *
SAnd every dollar haa the same value
wIthentt ,egird to the atteriaL . e
Tem g eld dilar baa not Itrdsic value.
Money basm enly a statutry value.
ed * I ba smlss traneactens gold
is a3t a mmedltyt, bet mone; noth
lg mre anr less. .This gol ba and
in bad a atatutry value; ially each
hey  pes for onem badred ants
sard legaily it had" other value."
hwema Court of ws.vol.JL
"There is legally N rm thlg as
the olB r  siver amoey. e o i the
Ito mereia athority ampressed e that
uy whti is es epab of takirn ad rtaan
ta in u the Itpmeal. That pon whldch
ith the stamp i pl ed lI called uin; the
likesoon may be mtal, parchment or
S paper. The vale i In the stamp and
Sat nla tbhe metal or mteraL"--Juuh
ot TIEnaay's Constitut l Law, written
the blse the war.--LMaer
-nd . The 1st Wapadgst at money
he. pemea Ma m usbrle hsvest in
amueassuse
POSTAL SAVINGS BANKS. -
Some of the Advantages to Be Secured
by Its Adoptson.
It seems somewhat remarkable that I
in the general discussion of financial
measures for the relief of the govern
ment as well as the prevailing strin
gency in the money market, so little
has been said of the postal savings
bank system. Perhaps it is from lack
of definite information on the subject
by the public. And yet such informa
tion is at hand. The broad and far
reaching possibilities of the system
may well challenge attention, both as
I to its benefits to the government and
to the depositors and borrowers.
t The authority of the statistics about
- to be quoted is the official report for
1895 of the general government
through the comptroller of the cur
t rency, whose duty requires him to
make known the financial resources of
t the country. It appears that there are
In several states of the union 1,017 cav
Sngs banks. The number of deposi
t tors in each state. the aggregate
amount of deposits and the per capita
- of the depositors, with much other
1 valuable information, may be found in
this report. For the present purpose it
- is only necessary to deal with the
t totals.
The total number of depositors in
r these 1,017 private savings banks is
given at 4,875.519; the total amount of
deposits at $1.810,597,023, and the aver
- age per capita of the depositors at
a $371.63. It may be worth while to note
in passing that there are only four
states in the union-New York, Massa
s chussets, Pennsylvania and Connecti
t cut-that have as large a number of
I depositors or as large a sum deposit
ed as our state of California. New
- York leads with 1,615,178 depositors.
- the sum of $643.873,574, and an average
s per capita of depositors of $399.63:
t Massachusetts comes next with 1,247,
090 depositors, $416.778,018 in deposits.
s with $224.20 per capita: and Connecti
- cut has 337,254 depositors, with $136.
t 928,858 In deposits, and $406.01 per cap
a ita; then follows Pennsylvania with
a 264,642 depositors, $68,522,217 in de
e posits and $258.92 per capita; while
a California shows 168,638 depositors.
if $126,830,518 in deposits and $752.08 per
capita. New Hampshire follows Call
e formn with 163,702 depositors, $66,746,
e' 703 in deposits and $407.73 per capita.
a No other state shows so large a per
e capita-$752.08-as California. Rhode
It Island comes next with $512.40, then
a New Hampshire with $407.73, Con
), necticut with $406.01, Ohio with $403.25,
the lowest being North Carolina, with
e only $48.31.
e In its present financial embarrass
ment the government is borrowing
$100,000,000 at 4 per cent interest in
gold for a term of thirty years, dur
a ing which long period the interest w!ll
n amount to $120,000,000 with an annual
- tax of $4,000,000, and then the princi
pal, $100,000,000, will still have to be
d paid. However, the premiums paid for
e the bonds may reduce the interest, It
r we reckon nothing for the use of the
r- $4,000,000 paid in annually for thirty
a years, to be about the same sum as the
I principal. Now, if the administration
- had proposed and secured the estab
lishment of a postal savings bank sys
a tem and had offered 4 per cent inter
c- est on deposits, with absolute security
- to the depositom, this rate of interest
e to run for one year or more, as the
r. needs of the treasury might justify,
d and thereafter at 3 per cent interest,
1, does any sane man suppose that, with
e over 18 times the $100,000,000 Just bor
>f rowed in the private savings banks
and over five times the $100,000,000
a subscribed for, the government could
Le not have obtained deposits to double
7 the amount of the loan, or $200,000,000,
which is less than one-tenth of the
n money In the savings banks and that
7 ofered for the bonads which are now to
Sbe issued?
I- There is every reason to suappose that
a with a postal savings bank system In
- full operation al over the country,
a with 3 per cent interest paid on depos
r- its, the government would speedily
- have on hand not les than $1,000,000,
0. 0o0 (one thousand million dollars) and
could loan the whole sum at 4 per ent,
F the one per cent paying all the ex
Spenaes of making the land and eon
dacting the business. This would fix
Ie the rate of interest so low that private
savings baek could not abord to pay
. 3 per cent interest on deposits, and de
e. clare large dividends, and hence in due
Id time the government would have
- nearly two thousand millions in de
d posit to loan to the people at 4 per
i cent As the capital of private savings
is banks is a mere trle compared with
- the amount of the deposits, the bank
ers would employ their capital in use
as fl industries ad become producers,
he while the revenue from the postal sv
it lags banks would tgreatl lighten the
a- burdea of the national expenses.
ab The growth ot the private savings
Sbanks system is au evideace of Its
Sgreat advantages to those who engage
id in the business of recelving depesits at
lI a low rate f interest and loaning them
S at a higherkL rate of lnterest. In 1820
there were 10 savisnp banks with $1,
1ISST0 In deisdmits; in 100 there were
S21 saving banks, with S1r.27 in
·n de s; in 1n t13 ere wer 51 of
Sthlme tks with s·e1tin amwmtmg
in gUhUS ; eve yeim ssr, in
1895, they had Increased to 1.017 In
number and the deposits were $1,81,
ad 597,023.
The advantage to depositors of a c
at government system of postal savings
al banks are seen at a glance. First,
a- they never fail; secondly, their doors
a- are never closed because people in
le alarm make a run on the bank; third,
3s depositors can always get their money
:k when they want it. These are consid
ct erationswhich appeal to the good sense
a- of any one who has intelligence
r- enough to earn money and save a por
m tion of it.
as But there is another side of this sub
id ject worthy of serious consideration.
It is the fate of those who borrow
ut money from private savings banks.
or They are constantly losing their prop
at erty by foreclosure of the bank mort
r- gage at one half of the property value;
to and one bank never lends money to the
of borrower from another bank; the bor
re rower must go under. This never hap
v- pens under the postal or government
:i- syst.m of savings banks if the bor
to rower by extension of time on his loan
ta can pay the interest.
er I close with two suggestions. No de
in mand has ever been made in any coun
it try that has adopted the postal savings
be banks system to have it abolished. It
suits both the people and the govern
in ment. And it ought not to be an ob
is jectiot to the system that the people's
of party has made it a part of their na- I
r-. tional platform.-Freeman's Labor
at Journal.
ite
ur Inidelity.
a- In" view of Bob Ingersoll's recent
ti- hysterical screeching about "anarchy,
of insanity and repudiation," It might be
it- well to quote from one of his old
sw speeches:
rs. "In every country there is a satis
ge fled class-too satisfied to care. They
3:. arelike the angels in heaven, who are
7,. too happy to be generous. This satls
t.. fled class asks no questions and an
tli swers none. They believe the world
6.- is just what it should be. All reform
op ers are simply disturbers of the peace.
Ith When they talk low they should not be
le- listened to. When they talk loud they
sle should be suppressed. The truth is
rs today what it always has been-what
cr it always will be-those who feel are
Lt- the only ones who think. A cry from
the down-trodden, from the unfortu
nate, from men who despair and wom
en who weep. There are times when
de mendicants become revolutionists
when a rag becomes a banner under
which the oldest and bravest battle for
25 the right."
By the way, Bob isn't the only gold
bug that has indulged in revolutionary
oratory at some time in the past. Even
s John Sherman, the yellowest of them
ng all without and blackest within, has a
In past that he fain would drown in pots
Ur- tions of liquid forgetfulness.
rll
sal Women Live Lonler Than re..
c- There is a prevailing impression that
b men are not only less subject to ail
for ments and illnesses but are longer
it lived than women, but an examination
the of life insurance companies' tables will
rty show that the term of life of women
the is slightly longer than that of men.
Ion The difference in the mortality rates
lb- during the first few years of life is
ys- striking. During the first year the
er- mortality among males is decidedly
ity greater than among females. Though
est more boys are born than girls, the pro
the portions are reduced to almost even
Ift, terms at the end of the first year by the
mt, excessive male mortality. Even dur
ith ing the first four years the mortality
or- among males exceeds that among fe
ike males, notwithstanding the fact that
000 there are practically no distinctions
uld made in the management of the two
ble sexes. Both are subject to the same
*00 conditions, are dressed virtually alike,
the and receive the same food. At about
hat five years the comparative death-rate
to among girls begins to increase. This
has been attributed to the fact that
hat boys of this age are more in the open
in air. The mortality in both sexes di
ry, minishes from this time to the twelfth
r- year. when it attains its lowest point
ilyIt then steadily rises, being larger in
)0,- each successive year. Between the
md twelfth and sixteenth years the death
nt, rate among girls increases more rap
ex- idly than among boys, but after the
on- sixteenth year, for several years, the
ix rate of Increase Ls more rapid on the
ate male side. The explanations that have
ay been offered for these peculiarities are
de- not wholly satisfactory, but one fact
se is clear, that during early years( fe
ave males possess a greater tenacity of life
de- than do males.
per
age Why Heae So the Iad.
ith A gentleman who has just returned
fk- trom Alabama tells how some of the
tee- moneyed men in t~at state ecred pos
rs, session of a valuable piees of property.
r- It seems that the farm, under which
the were valuable eoal veins, wasu owned
by an old colored man, who asked a
as exorbitant price. No agreemenut could
Its be reached, and the prospetos waited.
age Finally, the property was bought for
at 30 pounds of sugar and a side f bacon.
em When the old tellow was asked why he
320 sold the land o chebsp he replied:
"1,- "e san eat de bacon sad sagar, but
re Is could not eat de land, it was hard
In work to farum itL"-Columbus Dipateb.
gs PIrdres anr the n ut f labor, and
tI lw prie et -re t las w wgs.
a AS TO CIRCULATION.
a ONE OF THE FALLACIES OF
BANKERS EXPOSED.
Why Business Men Lose Confidence,
S Hoard Their Money. and How It Pro- bh
y daces Business Stagnation, Panic and
1- Industrial Depression.
'e h(
In the discussion of the money ques- b
tion one of its main features is fre- y
quently lost sight of. There is a great to
deal said about the per capita circula
tion and the whole amount of money
supposed to be in existence is cited Si
and the claim set up that it is suf
- ficient. According to the reports of the ai
Secretary of the Treasury there is said 7,
e; to be in existence about $23 per capita.
he There is no claim set up, however, le
r that this amount of money is in actual
p circulation. On the other hand, it is
estimated by good authorities that the
amount in active circulation will not
in exceed $8 per capita, and some esti- p
mates, among which is no less author- a
e- ity than Senator Vest, of Missouri, ci
Splace it as low as $4 or $5. n
As ll authorities on finance agree that
it is the volume of money in actual
II
circulation which fixes the price of
ccmmodities. This being true, it fol- tl
lows that that money which circulates c
a- best is the best money. Herein lies
or' one of the great obJection¢ to money
having a commodity or commercial
value. Originally gold and silver was
merely an article of exchange, making n
nt barter more convenient It has its f
iy, origin in the days of barbarism, and
be can truthfully be said to be a relic of
old that age. The fact that it is the recog- s
nized currency of all ages is no better 4
is- reason for its use as actual money, i
ey than that foolish superstition among I
re the negroes which makes a "grave- c
is- yard rabbit's foot" more valuable than t
In- any other rabbit's foot.
Id But conceding, as we must, the rec- 1
m- ognized commercial value of gold and
e. silver, we have only to consider its fit- I
be ness as money. It is this commodity 1
ley value, in our opinion, which consti
is tutes it as the dangerous factor in our
1at currency system.
ire Like all other commodities, the value
sm of gold and silver depends upon the
tu- universal law of supply and demand.
D- If the supply falls short, either through
the ever-varying laws and chances
' which govern its production, or the de
for mand increases by its extended uses,
the natural consequence is that its
value rises as compared with all other
Id- commodities, and holders of the pre
"7 cious metals are loth to part with
ren them in exchange for commodities, the
em prices of which are constantly falling.
I Here, then, is where lack of confidence 1
begins. What man having $10,000 in 1
gold or silver would be willing to ex
change it for real estate or personal
property with the certain knowledge
at staring him in the face that the prop
il- erty for which he exchanged it would.
pr- within a year or two, be worth 2 per
ion cent. lea than it was when he acquired
will it?
ien The result is he loses confidence and
en. hoards his money. It is taken out of
tee circulation and the prices of com
is modities continue to fall in the exact
the proportion to the money taken from I
dly active circulation. This aggravates the
agh situation, lack of confidence spreads, I
'r- and financial collapse and industrial
ren depression results.
the This state of affairs continues until I
tar- the people are reduced to the extremity
lity of resorting to barter, which is the bed
fe- rock of falling prices, and reaction sets
hat in until some unforseen circumstance
ons or indiscriminate and wild speculation
Iwo again swings the pendulum of publio
me confidence in the opposite direction.
ke, These are the laws which govern pub
out lic confidence, create panics, govern
ate prices, and cause financial depressidon.
his and this condition will remain as long
hat as the present system of commodity
pen money obtatns
di- But even if the $23 per capita was in
fith actual circluation, it would not be sat
itt fcient in this country of unexampled
in enterprise and undeveloped resources.
the France has a circulation of $38 per
th- capita, and her resources are devel
ap- oped and her population kept dense. It
the is quite true that much of our business
the is done through banks and with credit
the checks of different kinds, but this does
ave not answer all the demands of our great
are commercial system.
ket There are millions of people who do
fe- not and cannot transact their business
life through the banks, and who must
either depend upon money as a medlum
through which to make their ex
change or resort to the old barbarloe
ed system of barter. Besides, they are
the compelled to have money with which
e- to pay their debts and taxes, and when
'ty. that money is scarce and dear it works
ich a hardship on them.
ed If, then, to resort to both gold and
an silver as the fouondation of our mons
d tary system and our whole busneas
ed. fabric, subjects us to the ever-recur
for ring danger of the lack of conidence
r. the honading of money, panic and bus.l
he ness stagnation, It seems no less than s
ed: crime to lop of half of this foundation
but and depend upon the one commodity ol
ard gold alone.
One a the most dangmerous phases oa
mad mashy is that the employment at a
s as l astrl vote.
1I HER WEIGHT IN COLD.
Compliment Didn't Flatter the Mathematl
cal'y Inclined Girl.
"You are worth your weight in gold."
he ventured to remark to the girl he
wanted to marry.
** "Am I, indeed," she returnel, "and
o- how much is that?'
' "I don't know the exact amount," he
replied, "but it's a good deal."
"Well. I am just going to find out
how much you value me at. I have
o. been studying the money question late
e. ly, and I have some books that will ;ell
at me."
a- And she went to her library and re
ey turned with a report of the United
ed States treasury department.
it- "Here it is. Pure gold Is worth $20.86
he an ounce. That is Troy weight, with
Id 7,000 grains to the pound. Have you
ta- a pencil and some paper, Mr. Chap
er, leigh?"
tal "Oh laws." he groaned.
is "What's that?" sharply.
he "I only said yes, certainly."
Lot "Well, figure out the value of a
ti- pound avoirdupois; you know people
)I' are weighed by avoirdupois. Only pre
r, cious metals and precious stonc. are
measured.'"
tat "You're a jewel'"
tal "No nonsense. Figure it up."
of For five minutes he wrestled with
ol- the problem, until he felt his collar
tea climbing up the back of his neck.
les At last she inquired:
Bey "Well, what is t?"'
lal "I can't lo it."
rae "Give me the paper. Yet they say
ns men are so much better than women at
its figures."
nd In half a minute she read the result.
of "A grain of gold is worth $0.0430O6,
g- so a pound avoirdupois is worth $301.
ter 462. I weigh 110 pou'nds I am there
ey, forth worth, in your etimation, $53.
ng 150o.S2-my weight in gold. In that
ye- case. Mr. Chaplilgh. I think you hid
an better rarry Miss Greenwood: she is
worth $50,000. She Inherited it from
ec- her father. Good day, M. Obapleigh."
,nd He feebly protested, but she was im
fit- placable, and he left.-Chloago Times
ity Herald.
iti
)ur Use Ants to Close Wounds.
In Oriental countries simple methods
lue are popular. Antiseptic surgery has
the as yet obtained no foothold. While
nd. the Japanese adopted all the most
agh scientific methods of treating gunshot
ces wounds in the recent war, the Chinese
de- soldiers much preferred to use charms,
ses, or "hoodoos." A popular method of
its quring their wounds was to burn up a
her mouse and put the ashes in the soldier's
ire- wound. A Chinaman believes that he
rith can destroy warts on his hands if he
the steals something. He also thinks he
ag. can cure a cole if he turns the soles of
nce his shoes uppermost when he goes to
in bed.
ex- In Arabia wha the native surgeon
nal wishes to bring together the edges of a
dgo gaping wound they hunt up a few large
op- ants. The native surgeons are. as a
aid. rule, barbers The ant, held with a
per pair of forceps, opens its mandibles
tred wide and as soon as it comes In coa*
tact with anything closes them to
and gether with all its might. The edges
t of of the wound are brought as near to
am- gether -a possible and the ant is al
tact lowed to bite. The ant's body is
rom snipped off, but he does not seem to
the mind that, and the head still retains
ads, its grip.
rial Natives are frequently seen with
wounds healing, held together with
Utl seven or eight ants' heads.
clty
ead- Russian Bables.
t As described by a reoea traveler,
see Russian babies as seen In the homes of
tion the Russian peasa in Siberia, are
blio very unattractive speclmens of human
ion. Ity. "I looked curiously at one little
u bundle," says the tanveler, "which was
e laid upol a shbelf. Another hung from
ion, the wall on a pet, while a third' was
ong alung over one of the supporting raftere
ity and was being swung to and fro by
the mother, who had a cord loop over
t her foot. 'Why', cried I in surprise,
'tlmhat's a eMid!' 'Of course it is,' re
ledplied the wman; 'what else habould It
Sbe? Having learned so much in as
per short a time I had an Irrestlble de
rel- sre to inspect the contents of the
wing R ingn b~ade. I looked, but turned
esi away in dlagut, for the child wuas as
dirty a a pig. I asked why the baby
les was not wahed. It may have been
at Impertineot. 'Wuashed!' shrlekted the
mother, apparently horrified.' Washedi
do Wbat-wash a baby? Why, you'd
kill kitr"
* A Usique Town.
lo There is a uniaque town tn southwest
are Geolg. It is called ardiS--a settle
uch meat of colored people exclusively.
hen Evey house in Sardis is owned by
srk colored people-- about one hundred
tamllies, and all are missionary Bapt
and Ists. They live In nsr, spacious and
p*. well-built houses; in their midst sits
Sthe Baptist church, probably the prettl
ur* eat church edifice belonging to the
e race between Macon and Jacksonvlleo
usl. The colored people filled the stores
a and streets, sad their vast numbers
tie seemed beyond computation On Sat
Sol urday the countr7 people overrun the
city, talk, laugh, dance and eanjoy them.
selves as ao other people can do.
a One by yitla to every 440 ta l
tants t the health notective reoewd of
asway ety, Mheauri.