A rat rreoIuecng Tree.
Dr. Stuhlman, who is traveling in
Africa, has come upon a tree whoso
fruit gives out a tallow-like fat. The
tree is one of the largest in the forest
of I'sambara, ant the fruit is big and
heavy, measuring a foot in length by
half a foot in diameter. It is a new
species of the guttiferi. The natives
call it mkani. but the botanists name
it stearodendron stuhliuanni.
t' I tn t 1 urnin..
Russian journals arr still in mourn
ing for the czar. They will continue
to surround their front page with a
border of black un'il a year shail havo
elapsed from the date of :.:a death.
The strongest Men (Grow ,Weak
Sometimes. The short I it to renewed vigr)r
is taken by those tensible enouch to use libs
tetters ?t mansa Hitters sy.tumiatically. It
re-establishes impaired di estin,. enab:es the
s)ystem to assimilate food, an:d eillhine the
qualitles of a tine mndleinl i.l smulnit with
oIoe of a s',vereign preventive re !mtd -. u,a
larta, dyspeeps.ia. ionstipant. rn1utnat Ic.
nervolls anll kidney CunOpIiauts are culed and
averted by it.
Half the wickedness in the world is gos
sip started by good people.
Coin's Financial School.
Do you want to understand the scilen-es
of money? It is plainly told in Coin's
Financial Series. Every one has surely
heard of W. H. Harvey, the author of
"Coin's Financial School," "A Tale of
Two NaCions.- etc. Here is an oppor
tunity to secure at popular prices one
copy or the entire series. In every case
the postage is prepaid.
"Coln's Financial School," by W. IT.
Harvey, 150 pages and 66 illustrated.
Cloth, $1; paper, 25 cts.
"Up to Date-Coin's Financial School
Continued," by W. H. Harvey; 200
pages and 50 Illustrations. Cloth, $1;
paper, 25 ets.
"Chapters on Silver," by Judge Hen
ry o. Miller, of Chicago. Paper only,
25 cents.
"A Tale of Two Nations," by W. H.
Harvey; 302 pages. Cloth, $1; paper, 25
cts.
"Coin's Hand Book," by W. HI. Har
vey; 46 pages; 10 cents. "Bimetallism
and Monometallism," by Archbishop
Walsh of Dublin, Ireland: 25 cents.
Our special offer: For St we will fur
nish the entire series of six books as
above enumerated.
In ordering the series as per above
offer, say "Set No. 2 of HBooks." Ad
dress George Currier, Gen. Agt., 194
So. Clinton St., Chicago. Ill.
Have you never noticed that a wise man
keeps his mouth shut a great deall
How is Your Blood?
If it is poor and thin and lacking in the
number and quality of those red corpus
cles, you are in danger of sickness from
disease germs and the enervating effect
of warm weather. Purify yourblood with
Hood's Sarsaparilla
The great blood purifier which has
proved its merit by a record of cures un
equalled in medical history. With pure,
rich blood you will be well and strong.
Do not neglect this important matter,
but take lIood's Sarsaparilla now.
OOd are tateless. mildPi. e""e .
Hoods P tire. Alldrugists. .
* HIGHEST AWARD*
WORLD'S FAIR.
* THE BEST*
PREPARED
O OOD
SOLD EVERYWHERE.
S JOHN CARLE A SONS. New York. *
Dollar Wheat.
-
Eterythtg tladeates much higher wheat
)rrees. st year's lC(p surplus was fed to
ht. .. ia.ess and amllms sre now
eat of wheat
ifs far's ro is isamal failur The
ablk btW Mad Hean l lave eats. it.
Pest, ~rougKht sad bet wtads hrave blated
SIr t ls about o begin snd wl shw
fvepe'se es is lye hundred mlllio
Teywill havw to make white
irem our wheat.
+Make Bi Moneay ml
e- earn. ead fiteur wm ezssastozy
VALENTINE £ CO.
21 Traders· Bld., Chicao
lOWuO
uae5 - .
wewlla.
PEOPLE'S COT Tt Y.
e NEW ZEALAND AS DEPICTED
BY A REPRESENTATIVE MAN.
Popullt Ideas In Force - Government
Owe and Operates the Itallroads and,
Telegrapht-Free Land and No lto
nopulles of Corrup'ion.
The ('a!l (Seattle.)
Hon. A. ID. Willis of New Zealand. a
leading printer of that ..ountry anti a 1
member of the New Zealand parlia
me:at, stopped over night in this city, 1
homeward bound from England. Mr.
Willis has been absent from home
S,,:, r.tonths. having been on a bu:i
i, Irilp to (;ermany, England and the
t 'tl ( .tI ::ttes. Ho has been inspecting
Sthie latest linproved printing and ruling I
I 'achinery manufactured within the I
three above named countries. It is I
needtless to say that he has made part
of his purchases from American firms.
Fronm personal appearance one
aoould hardly select him as one of the
advisera of the best "poor man's coun
try" In the world. In size he is about
medlium, very compactly built, about 45
years oil, blue eyes, and wears mut- I
ton chop whiskers which with his hair
is slightly gray. But speak to him
about the latest work in the art of
printing, or, better still, about the gov
ernment of New Zealand: his eyes will I
immediately light up and you will find
that you are in contact with a man
Just chuck full of information and en- 1
ergy. When seen at the Hotel But- I
ler Saturday night by a representa
tive of the Call, he at first declined to
be interviewed, but when assured that
the government of New Zealand had
been much discussed of late in this part I
of the world and the readers of the Call
would peruse every word he said with
interest, he finally consented. Said
he:
"In traveling through this country t
and Canada I am greatly impressed r
with your condition. The fabulous I
wealth of some of your corporations t
and citizens, while almost in the t
shadows of their mansions live people
who have not the bare necessities of I
life, are conditions made by legislation. t
You made a grave mistake when you I
gave so much of your land and other
natural resources to private corpora
tions which have become private mono
polies and who will drain you worse
and worse every year until the end,
which no man fully knows. We made
the same mlctake, but years ago I
through the teachings of John Bal- r
lance, discovered it, and now have that I
mistake almost rectified. In our coun- c
try we have two parties, viz: the liber
als and the conservatives. The liber
als are the class who believe in legisla
tion for the benefit of the poor and let
ting the rich take care of themselves,
while the conservatives hang around
the van and shout 'No! no! Yott'll ruin
the country.' We have killed the mo
nopolies and therefore have no corrup
tion in high places; a dishonest act by a
public officer not having been heard of I
for years. The government owns and
operates both the railroads and tele- I
graph lines, which are run entirely in !
the interest of commerce without profit
to any London or New York aristocrat.
"The land, too, is practically free f
from the land monopolist, as we have a
graduated land tax law which exempts I
homesteads, to a certain number of I
acres, from taxation. Every acre, how
ever, above the homestead limit is
taxed and the larger the holdings the
higher becomes the rate of taxation. t
All lands not In use are also taxed 1
and the government stands ready to I
buy land of any character at its as
sessed valuation. It is then cut into t
homesteads and sold for the same price t
to any one who wants to buy, provided
they pay 6 per cent per annum, of
which 1 per cent applies to a sinking
fund and pays the entire principal in t
thirty-three years. 'he government I
will always loan money on real estate I
to individuals to the extent of three- a
fifrths of the valuation of such real eas
tate, at the rate of 6 per cent per an- I
naum. We also collect a graduated in- 1
come tax and have given the option to i
clties to practice single tax. We have
no monopolies, and better still, we have t
no paupers. This may seem strange to
you but nevertheless it is a fact; if a a
man becomes destitute we set him to i
work on fve acres of land ln one of the f
three 'villages' reserved for that pur- l
poee. He buiallds a house, cultivates the
ofil ad otherwise improves the prop- i
erty, for which valuable service the a
govenrmeat pays him in money. After a
the arst year he becomes self support- b
ing and begins to reimburse the gov- t
eament by making small payments
annually, until after a number of years I
the property becomes his.l
"Neither have we such a thing as pen
sloss. When a man goes to work for
the gvomamenmt he is required to take
out a ie tInsurance policy, which he
asually takes in the government com
pany beenese eof the much lower rtae.
If he is killed or disabled his family
draws the face of the policy, but If he
lives to a eartaina age it beeam an an
aulty sad pays him a eartatin premium
yearly, the prinipal payable to his
Lre ~r death. LThe beaks, too, are
aunder the supervison of the grovern
meat. When the Austrslsa pani oc
caurred frightened the depositors in
the beak t New malad, but the gov
easm a Immedatey· took ehalrge it
d agsnateed t for 2AW,6W pounds,
whsk ratered the eesLoeae of the
puhe ad we had no beak talula. e
Ihe gewament is s in a peesu on
sad w r will rnma ina or not
will be detume at this eestna e't
"6W.hew edesee what we easll the
peall wus.T t as, t ars f be dsme
rl *s werasnt Ii dsde Pr ths
due I menal askme rananaam anI !
large wages whit a ,ooCr workman
makes less. Eight hours coisti'tutes a
day on all public works. Our factories
) and business houses are of course run t
by priv.ate firms. Yes, we have strikes I
occasionally and how to prevent them I
is the most k'notty probleml we have yet
had to solve. We passed a compulsory I
arbitration law at the last session but I
- whether that will solve the problem it
is too soon to decide. We have an r
excellent public school system with t
compulsory attendance for all children
under 13. They are exclusively secular, I
1 no religion of whatcoever nature is al
- lowed to be taught in them. .All busl
ness houses are obliged to remaia closed
during Sunday and all labor muint cease.
One is, however, allowed to do whatever
_ else he pleases \ hether it be to attend
church, attend a place of amu:.ement,
or play games of any nature. -lesidcs
this we I r.ve a law, which is strictly en
forced, compelling the city and town
governments to select one day out of
t the six others on which all bus.loess is
suspended at 1 p. m., except that on
this day the saloons may remain open,
provided they sell nothing that inter
feres with the business of house.; that
t are closed.
"Strange to say, the liberals ale the
- protective tariff party in our cotntry,
Swhile the conservatives want free trade.
This is due to the fact that the con
f servative party is largely made ip of
- the owners of sheep ranges, who export
I the most of their products and conse
I quently want to buy abtroad at lIwer
1 rates. Any one who desires to leave
- his district before an election may de
posit his ballot, sealed in an envelope.
with the proper officer who shall turn it
over to the election officers on election
t day, when it shall be cast and counted
1 with the others. No ship is allowed to
t leave port without a full crew as le
quired by law, and the berths must ,e
of sufficient width to be comfortable.
1 We also have a woman's suffrage law
which went into effect at the last elec
tion. It proved very satisfactory. We
now have the most perfect criminal code
: in the world, and justice as adminit
tered by our courts is quick and cer
tain.
"At the next session I think that we
f will adopt a system of cnsols, some
thing similar to the French system,
I which will keep money home, instead l
of going to England for all our money.
Our surplus this year will be more than
" 380.000 pounds, which is remarkable, t
considering that all other nations are
having such deficits.
"Like your country, we have but few
liberal papers, the larger papers find
- more money in supporting the monopo
t listic party. The general tendency of
our legislation is toward single tax."
Mr. Willis left Sunday for San Fran
cisco, where he will take passage for
home. 18
THE BANKERS UNDERSTAND.
They See the 'Polnt of the Fres 811vrr
Idea.
The plutocrats of the east fully un
derstand the situation. They know
there are no picket lines kept up be- a
i tween the silver camp and the old
greenback stamping ground. Listen
i1 to what William Cornwell, president
t of the New York state bankers' asso
.I ation said the other day at a bank
Sers' club banquet in Chicago:
"If, in 1875-6-7-8, the bankers and a
the sound money men had been organ- t!
[ Ized as they are organized now, and had a
spoken out as they are speaking out b
now; had started on a campaign of edu- B
cation as they are starting out now; 7
the greenback would long ago d
I have been wiped out, the silver lunacy, t
before it had wrought incalculable
damage, would have been confined to o
the asylums where it belongs, and Pop
ulism would have been promptly swept a
back into the holes of its native prairie k
Sfrom which it originally emerged and i
Swould have become a rare specimen of
Sthis dangerous manifestation of bar
Sbarism, which now mouths poisonous
Sly against our possessions and our lib
erties."
This was President Cornwell's open
ing sentence, and it contains 117 words,
by actual count. Pleasant reading,
a isn't it
a The gold bugs' campaign of educa
tion is expected to do the work which
ashould have been done nearly twenty
years ago: The greenback is to be
wiped out; and the silver lunacy con
fined to the asylums, "where it be
longs."
That reminds us of what Benjamin
Harrison said when running for gov
ernor of Indiana in 1876. He recom
mended that the state lunatic asylums
be enlarged for the accommodation of
the members of' the greenback party,.
"And Populslem swept back into the
holes of Its native pralrle"--to be re
membered only as a "dangerous man
itestation of barbarism."
The platocrats hate the Populists I
worse than any other class of voters, 5
simply from the fact we have persist
ently kept up the agitation. We added
immensely to our total strength In
spite of the withering lire of last fall's
"landslide" contest; we have put back
bone into the weakening silverites; we
have made voters realise that the Peo
ple's party is an organisation, small a
but well equipped for political lihting;
that there is one banner along the line a
which is being carried toward the in- 1
trenchments of Wall street, steadily and
unlmachingly.
To the time servers who are always
ready to ight on the side of the strong
mt bttallo Baaker Cnrawell lans a
WtbUa threat'
-"The politln, hikh orlowr, wao
t**ay trnes from the straight eourse i
o .ond money and the soead teard I
stabs dead oanse for all his every chance '
for poliltlcas sucess, espeelally it he
wants to be Prtsideat"
.All whe epee the gold standard are
 be tsted alike as u oas. Themeuth
e - e es ilver a, veste is ist as
iY.. -'Lor ** > ..
The Wrong Wajs
A Boston story is told of Jones,
whose idiosyncracies are a tremen
1 dous desire for good service at dinner
and an equally tremendous aversion
Sto -tipping.'" Now, one Saturday
t receptly'. M1. .Jones left lioston on a
Lusiness trip to New Yorik. lie is not
t accutonmed to Now York, and he
t does not know the .ew York re,tau
Srant,: therefore it is not surprising
that dinner time found him seated in
one of the worst of the many bad
flower eatin,.-houses. The dinner
-as vile, the waiter homely and
SAlun.,y. lie stepped on M.r. Jones'
corns, lie dropped soupr on his head,
and when \lr. .Jones arose to go, he
he ru!l'ed the latter's silk hat. Nat
Iurally, Mr. Jones was not dis.posed to
alter his ru:u about tips, but the
waiter pursued hinm to the door, and
at last cried out depairingly: .l)on't
forget the waiter, ,ir'. ' No," re
plied Mr. Jones,. "l'iri not liticly to.
()ne doesn t forget a nlmu like your.
in a hurr'.'
It is -aid one of tile principua!
sources of the supply of caffeine in
Engciand is the sweepings of tea front
the hoors of the various docKs,
wharles and wiarehouses in London.
'Ihelieo eepng, aggireiate about
t;:,.*. I p1 oui nds ,of tea annuially, or.
w itin the dirt, nails. hoor-iron and
wood whi ih g.t. mixed witu tihe ta,
aLout I" I tons. Tl'h loss to the tca
imllprers annualy is abiou' - , 1 ',, .
Tile sweel:ongs Brae naturally a fair
I roport:on o of good to line grade toar
mixed with them, and, con-equentiy,
contain a larger amount of the active
principles of tea, called by chemists
t catThine,n' than the low quality teas.
Tho sweepingsr cost the chemists only
about a hail a cent per pound. ('hem
ists can makie colors from coal oil
as well as t-as fi"ro store sweepings,
and pink teas will go on as usual.
31. xl an N neide Craze.
Numllerous Mexicans in the ( ity olf
.Mexico have beenr trying to kill them
elpes of lat,. A young white man.
nameld Cabrb'ales, took his own life,
the other day, at his honie, in a most
horribile manner. l1e first stabbed
him-eif in tihe abdomen. FIinding
that the wound would not ki!l him, lihe
infliceted a second stab a little higher I
up, then in the throat. and finally in
the heart. A note found in his posses
sion stated that he been slandered in
connection with a iove affair. lie
could have saved himself much trouble
and unpleasantness rby commencing
suicuie at tiC top. and blowing his
head oil first.
Iiini muigg. ,g Thelus.
Solme of the eighteenth century ta
b.es and chairs very popular in En
gland are said to be made in and ship
ped from Connecticut.
Nicutinized Nerves
en .tol a:I thurty i h*.ewani i.niio P. at tilte,
idrl . tr na: 1 I. . 'i11 i!h time. No.S'rn tingle,
lcnoir r.at; ::1, rot hinrl' ' eautif fi. hhappiness
n ii. i :o: iuser,-.ati.rttr ed ~sitm tells tlhe
story. Il:, re ill tori w;aV e rr i . No-'I o tfUrc
'sill kid the rnerv' t r:. ing fftects for tobacrco
and ilaki'e Coii otroi:g, ligortous. and manly.
Solid aid ,i.-ranteeil to cure hv Druggists ev
ery~ hatre. I tok. titl Id "lha l't To,i.:icco `pit or
I nlokik iour lti Away.. free. Addires.s Ster
t ind Ifvr.ctdy (Co New York (ity or &thicauo.
.A Country I)istinct.
Some interesting discoveries have
recently been made about animal life
I :n the llawaiian Islands. It appears
that all the land and fresh water
1 shells are peculiar to the locality.
Nor is this all. Fifty-seven out of
seventy-eight species of birds ant
700 out of the 1000 species of insecc
do not exist in any other portion of
the globe.
A good many church I eop!e think more
of doctrine than religion.
J. S. PARKER. Fredonia. N. Y., says:"Shall
not rall on you for the $100 reward, for I believe
liall's Catarri (ture will cure any case of
catarrh. Was vers had." Write hunm for par.
tI uculara Sold by Druggists, 75c.
A girl who has a good vigorous steady
seldom becomes a whist fiend.
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement ad
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightl uaed. The many, who live bet
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
adapting the world's best products to
the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
remedy, Syrup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its presenting
in the form most acceptable and ples- 4
ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
beneficial properties of a perfect lax
ativre; effectually ecleansing the system,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
and permanently curing constipation.
It has given satisfaction to milions and
met with the approval of the medical
profession, because it acts on the Kid
neys, Liver and Bowels without weak
ening them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drjUg
gists in 50e and$1 bottles, but it is man-V
afactured by the California Fig Syrup 1
Co.only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
and beiing well informed, you will not 1
accept any substitute if offered. 4
hr~ 4
a uE
ABSOLTELY PORE
ii. . e - t; h1 1:.ined .
.t ('o in;toln. iy.. th) (,ti)er day.
a lolt i~ian found s;,, ral ihoi in
Sdep l ",,,. - Eng on the .,ra-s iy
tlie I'Oali l. It r-e li*', I o 0 e wIori
i kerchief .ur,.a.t Doiet ;ti, m th, ant
the 1>poiicc thole :it at :i, t iit e ihai rIn
acros a - ;i!, cjl . Thie Lo~t
fi nally aid , t:.a' t: y l f:l c.imbtdll lne
of tiI city ia!i. n ll!,o t and hat tiurltl i
Sonil te gas unt:l thei' hiant it;l.rchiiefj
had been to'ir ghly I attratted. Then
they had i latbetd dliwn andi retired
to the gr'a:, to li,t tdolti antil have a
good slee.. Tfiey d:tscri bed tle sen
eation proai:teed from ihialin, the
gas as ucl..ahtful. producintg a dreamy
sensation lasting an hoIr. Th prac
tice been going on alllong t illhundl'ed
of boys flotr sn tic. me t il ilnaany of
them are gaa curunkards. ''i.iese bad
boys will never be coillone. They
do not take kindly to Bloulrbon, pre
ferring an outlandih drtitil that
comes from gas pipes.
What lmst toilit i are inl need of i- ap!i
tal to try ex.rullnentit .
A line IHartrt
Awaits inv. sttrs in wh-a:tt, who tbuy
now, as whtat is at 'i:e Ir.·ent pric' ,i
splendid pulitr:chzri. 'iThi douht of 1St1
sent wheat up tI, $1.44. Wh ,at will soon
be $1. Yotu can spiecul.ite thr iulght the
reliable commnlnssion hltus of Thomas &
Co.. ilalto Bld31g., ('tlicag., Ill. Unly
small margin rl4uired. Write to that
firm for mIntitltal n siueIIe'.flll SIpcula
lion and Daily Mark,-t R'j )rt. Free.
A man's mloral.it- deplends rolilewhat
upon the size of the town he i- ill
For Whooping ('ough Piso's Cure is a
uccessfuiil re:niedy.--M. I'. Itoerrut, i;?
Throop Ave , Urooklyn, N. Y., Nov. 14, ';4.
The morning after a bi; welding, the
women are nearly always cros.
If the Baby Is Cutting Teeth.
SBe sure and use thalid and well-tried retnadh, Mlas.
W'ucaLO'ss oonusi Sipcr for Childiren Teething
Nothing makes a Ioy so madl as to have
his dog "follow" a boy- h hates.
- YOU
Put Your
Foot In It
when you buy inferior soap
instead of the genuine
CLAIRETTE SOAP.
The favorite of every woman who ever used it
either in the laundry or for all around the house
cleaning. Sold everywhere. Made only by
THE N. K. FAIRBANK COMIPANY, ST. LOUIS.
Very Latest Styles May Manton
88 Cent Fatterms for 10 Cets. Wheen e~ h'empm low Is Hent. Also e lne
Ceat A4ddlleaml for Poltage.
6372
630 62 6301.
os. c:3-j-Walst; five . -: :. 6, at i n and 40nrbt e h t meanre..
No. t"99-Skirt; fre si.. . ' 4 24 S& and 3 inchtes rval4 mea.ue.
No. G.'I--Mises' co. tume; r - n,., vir: 6, A. 6 0 and It2 . arn.
No. t.1t-Wal1; fire i.,' :z: ..1. 'I ^.0 3t and 40 I clhes bust melslie.
No. -,--MkiLrl: five slze, v- N. 24, . 21 an1 t Inrhe walelt measure.
No. 9C3 --Girl's walit; three I±e., vlaz It , 1e , and 16 years.
_ CO T. U O 11T.
S HIS COUPON sent with an order for one or any of the above U cent pattere Is ereiItel
I i s as  nt on each pattern ordered, makin~ eac rpattern cost eoty 10 eemts.
One ant extra fer postage for each pattera Glve number of lache walst measure for
sklete andmember of lare bust mras.uer fr watets. Address,
COUPON PATTERN COMPANY,
*1a Uea 747T,. !sW TONE N. T.
'.- ,"'4,-,
.1 rt . '. t ,.:i ,i t 1 , n t t e -i,) '.1 .t. o f it
cure lii:1 i t L: al' : u ir .
"Hanson's Magic Corn Salve."
Ill. l u ti ii I ie ll'u- :1 I ti- l " ' :, !:il, to
Take Iaril.er"., in. r " i il. Il luo s with
.\ Ill :in tl1, I .,1,a ' :t' " ,,: o nhil .. a 1(it
t,. I t, mt l i ; u i un.'.:1 l '-:,
I':im ei i t it I 1li-t i i -Vet . p -itir .
Will -, oui , 1 i" t r- iei"lt . "1 ii :t i, t .
Ifi i t i r s.. ll'" l :1 i'-u t .li , l. ; i. e
uunl l Im nln:Ul t ill II. ll o "
- .fre t:l h eath is a
e k dlimiura;tg ur of afi
Sc' ,tioi,. It ii s al
bn -d i u i , t all inulicatio -i i lnt
g t. tiia tiu n. To
eia. and is f((rciiI ii te iA
t reIs ~o ie I, n: l it-. it is
Golden Mledicall I~isoery. It will
straitn out the trouble. rtke your
pre l alty nl the full of lthy
trmet for f ilethe tissues.
t i v'e o g.lls, the
blood dejlends f>r it i'chni'] s andl purity.
If digestion stopl,, p !tisonl -as matter ac.
cumulates ant i. forced into the bl,ai
-there is no place else for it to go.
The bad breath is a danger signal.
Look out for it ! If you have it, or
any other symptom of indigestion,
take a bottle or two of I)r. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery. It will
straighten out the trouble, make your
blood pure and healthy and full of nu
triment for the tissues.