LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS.
O()I II. NA''TCHI'T)O('llIS, IA)I'ISIANA, FRIil)AY, lN()VE' il 1 I, lt95. NO(. 1:.
SHERMAN'S RECORD.
THE MOST CORRUPT MAN IN
AMERICA TO-DAY.
HiS Speeches as Found in the Congres
sloual Globe, are Quoted to Show How
t tterly Base ant I)evold of Honor the
Old Scouondrel is.
We are going to give the reader
something new on the silv. r .uestion.
something nev'r plb.ihed before. It
has been said that senator 'herman
was at one time a bimetallist.
We are prepared now to produce
the proof and drive t:he truth clear
thro-'gh the old scamp and clinch it
on to other side. In newspaper par
lance this is a .big scoop."
W\,, made a viit to the state library
last week where bound volumes of the
Congressional (lobe. now called the
Record, are kept. ()n page 6:27. will
be found the first of a speech in the
senate by Senator Sherman in favor
of senate bill No. 1312. This bill was
introduced by Senator BIuckingham
of Connecticut. The finance commit
tee introduced a substitute. The bill
was to regulate charges for mintage
and to resume specie payments.
Sherman made a iong bimetallic
speech, which, in the~e days, would
be termed a "l'opulistic speech." We
will make but one extract, whica
anyone interested can find on page
630. part one, Congressional (;lote.
January 16, 1K73. bottom of second
column. It is as follows:
"If any one fact is proven by the
experience of mankird it is that gold
and silver are the bcst possible stand
ards of value. They have been so re
cognized by every nation from the
earliest period of recorded time.
However much nations might differ
in religion, habits, production or cli
mate, they have not differed in this
primary axiom of exchange or barter.
Experiments have been tried with
other standards from the iron of Ly
curgus to the finest bank note engrav
ing of moderc times, but all have re
sulted in the conviction that gold and
silver are the only true standard.
Paper money supported by the credit
of a government is a conven
lent substitute greatly facilitat
Ing exchanges by the ease
and safety of handling and trans
mitting it, but it is not real money: it
is only a promise to pay money, and
the only test of its character as false
or true money is, its capacity to be
converted into gold or silver of pre
scribed weight and fineuess."
Now have you ever read a higher
tribute to silver? He placed it on an
equality with gold every time be men
tioned either.
Turn to page 674. part second, Con
gressional (;lobe. January 17, 1873,
only one day later, and you will find
Ii.L R. 3931, demonetizing silver, en
gineered by Senator Sherman, passed
third reading.
This bill deprived silver of its right
to unrestricted free coinage and de
stroyed it as a legal tender money in
the payment of debts, except to the
amount of five dollars and less. In
short stopped the coinage of it in the
future. Many members of congress
claimed that they were deceived in
the nature of the bill-plead the baby
act. Perhaps some of them were.
But th.t cannot be said of Sherman.
He probably framed, or assisted in
framing the bill. At any rate he was
its foremost champion. He had
changed from a tlmettallist to a Fold
bug inside of twenty-four hours.
Everybody believes that he sold out.
It is well known that Sherman had to
mortgage his home to get money to
defray his expenses in his first cam
paign. He had been In the senate
only eight years and had he saved
every dollar qi his salary---#6000 a
year-which 'as impossible, he
could have had"' only about $40,000.
In a short time after this bill passed
he was reputed to be worth several
million dollars, and be has been the
pet of the goldbugs ever since. How
ever, Cleveland divides bonor with
him now --Raleigh (N. C.) Progres
slve Farmer.
The Money Plank.
The Republican and Democratic
national position on the meney oues
tion is clearly stated in the following
plank:
"Every whichness of the whyness
should be equal to and interchange
able with every wherefore of the
whatuess; therefore we demand that
every American whereforeness of the
whichness shall be equal in value to
every whenceness of the whichsoever
ness of the whole civilized world."
The above plank varies in inter
pretation according to degrees of
latitude and longitude, or the real or
fanciful relations of the individual to
the money power.
This is the Populist silver plank:
**We demand the free and unlimited
aolnage of gold and silver at the pres
ent legal ratio of 16 to 1."
This plank is interpreted in the
same way by all Populists from ocean
to oean and from Canada to the Goulf
of Mlexico.--New Charter.
That wee 1eh ArlememL
Wheo their own logic is turned
agalet them, it puts the Itoldegs i Ia
* moot rldlulwe atitudeo. For La
stance, while contending for a single
standard as the basis of all commer.
cial transactions, they profess to want
silver used as money to the fullest
possible extent. That is, they want
gold as the primary basis-the re
demptive agent-whiie silver, like
paper, is to be an exchange Agent, or
credit currency. In a word, silver is
to bear the same relation to gold that
paper money doe,; the same, by
analogy, as checks, notes, bond',
mortgages-merely an agent to meet
commercial demand, for media of ex
change. Now. it is p'ain that economy
demands all forms of credit currency
should be made of the cheapest ma.
terial practicable. If silver is to be
robbed of its legal tender and re
demptive features.and thus reduced to
a representation of gold, mere.
ly a medium of exchange,.
what sense is there in having
silver money at ai, Why should the
pleople be taxed millions of dollars
for silver bullion upon which to put
the government money stamp- -even
though the bullion price could be re
duced to 10 cents an ounce? Why
use any material save a good quality
of paper? If it be wise to have silver
money as a mere exchange agent,
then the gold-bugs should carry their
logic to a deeper analysis and insist
that notes, bank checks, bonds, mort
gages, and all other representatives
of, or substitutes for, money-if, in
deed, not all legal and commercial
documents-be drawn upon plates of
silver. Can anybody contend that
this is not in line with the absurd ar
gument for a single standard with
silver used as money to the fullest ex
tent? This is the Cleveland-Carlisle
contention, which is of course echoed
by the lesser lights.--Texas Farmer.
Populism.
Populism makes no warfare upon
the individual-at least with the sin
gle exception of John Sherman. The
man whose full length portrait in oil
adorns the nortals of the Bank of
England; who originated the hideous
national banking system in conjunc.
tion with the Ikleheimers and the
Bank of England governors; the man
who otticially declares that his com.
mittee secured the depreciation of
greenbacks to make more profit in
bond-buying; the man who thunder
ered against coin-payment of bondse
and then engineered the "credit
strengthening" infamy; the man who'
secretly destroyed silver money at the
beck and pay of English Seyd-that
man is generally denominated a trai
tor and a wretch. Ils life s only fit
to teach a moral lesson which closes
under the gallows.
But the rank and file of the Repub
licans and Democrats are grand and
noble citizens-only awaiting the ex
pected and the positive growth of
absolute patriotism to overthrow the
vile conspirators who are seeking to
betray the last great hope of human
ity in free government.
Citizens are not disgraced by cling
ing to party too long, but they endan
ger free government, they add to the
degradation of the public conscience;
they put party in the path of progress
-but they do it unwittingly, awaiting
the hour when the door of their rea
son is thrown open, and justice leads
them forth to better things.
The noblest of men are sometimes
slow to change a life policy, through
their conservative development. Con
servatlsm in the face of grave dan
gers is not a crime--but it is a mis
fortune.-Pan Yan (N. Y.) East and
West.
Why I Am a Repubilesa.
When all the great men have their
hands to their ears to catch the pub
lic call to the presidency, I am afraid
I will be overlooked by the g. o. p.
unless I define my position.
I am a Republican because that
grand old party struck the shackles
from four million slaves-and fasten
ed them onto sixty millions.
Because it instituted the era of cor
ruption and prostitution in official
stations.
Because it gave the nation the
Credit Mobilier swindles.
Because it gave us the glorious
panic of 1873.
Because it gave us the Standard
Oil monopoly.
Because it gave us the national
bank robbery system.
Because it has fostered every crime
in the decalogue.
P. S.-I am a )Democrat for the
same reasons, for that party helped
do all the above glorious acts-Kan
sas City (Mo.) Appeal to Reason.
A correct Calleatlon.a
The power of money is always
measured by its scarcity, and the '
greed for gold is in proportion to its '
power, hence it is but a logical se
quence readily seen by those who
care to investigate the subject, that
the present development of hoggish
ness and supreme selfishness is caused
by a constantly increasing population
and a constantly decreasing volume of
momey.-Indlsaapolis Nonconformist.
Not the Issen.
Quibbling and quabbling oves the
whisky and tariff question while mo
nopoly and greed pauperize and en
slave the masses is like driving the 1
old sow out of the potato patch while '
Are consumes the d welling house sad
Ite etet.-Farmers Tribune.
i1IN(;lBY FOR MO1NEY.
WHY IS EVERYBODY GRASPING
50 GREEDILY FOR GOLD?
Thel Ansrer ir at lain, as the Boa' tI,
Meeting- l .in , i. the Only Iellaltle
Itasur for Ii uonil : '.,I'lty--., Mye
tery A in,:t It,
The a:r is fu~l of hominlies on the
huntger for on'rin, W ihe is everybo dy
r - \'r, , i" ['" od.' U . XAs
the minilstlr', and rritrall-ts. Yet
then'r i, no nt -tc'rv. 'l , answer is
a~ pa in a, ti, road to meet in,:
Mlorney is th,. ,nlv r.,abiuo basis: for
huanur i feiwity. P'o, --- in'ug it youi
nal bie unfappy. witlhouit it ei you imut
be. hliy no(t mnara i that th,' hungry
cat. that ti, trs,;rt1 drinK? looud anul
wa'a r arti I;ot lore recce-sary to man'
corn fort t:an . nIonevy inll civilized so
icIty.
1I hat builds and maintains em
pires ' 1hat are the "sinews of
war." I' on what does the pomp
and grarideur of king and pontitf
rest.' \\'iat is it that irops families
through generations and makes aris
tocracy puo)ire: 11What builds
church,-', j,ar-onages, schools, col
lege.-, chartable institututions' hat
fii.s .pits, supports Sunday schools,
keeps the schoo:man-ter abroad
in the land.' What opens up
the door- of socicty? %% hat is
it the want of which causes thousands
of the ncblest and most accomplished
men and nwomn-n to pursue their un
che'cred way under the sombre shad
ows of neglect? W\\hat is at the bot
torn of the world-encormpasing con
test between capital and labor? \What
pays the poor Inc n's rent.' The want
of what is it that turns him out? 1 he
absence of what is it that Keeps his boys
and girls away from school and Suniay
school? 1\hat starts man baoyant
ly on the ro-id of life, assures him in
his zenith, and sustains iimn gently
down the inricnec' \1%th what do
fathers dre- . anid educate and -start"
their oTfsprin_'? for want of what is
it that multitudes of men. women and
children tramp friendless and home
less in the cities'? To obtain what i,
it that the vast and draggled
Cyprian host is being perpetually
recruited ' What Is it ttlat enailes
loving man and maid to unite
hopefully in matrimony? What \ 'ys
the home, furnishes the hou-e anil
procures help for the tend,,er w:e.'
The absence of what is it that forces
thousands of women to sacriliie their
young lives and loves and grow old in
melancholy maideunnood ' I\ nat bring
the doctor to feverish cou 'n of fading
wife and babe'.' What builds airy
:hambers and equips themi with
theorful adornments? 1 bhat pro
vides baths and kindred luxuries
-necessities is tile word? 11 hat
Is it that transports the sice
wife and child from diseased sur
loundings into the pure air of the
mountains and calls them back from
the shadow of death to eager arms?
The want of what crowds the poor
man's wife and brood into close and
deadly quarters? The absence of
what is it that hollows the young
mother's eyes, brings despair and
premature age to a midsummer face.
pales and enfeebles her children.
peoples her home with cotlins and
the graveyard with little mounds?
There is no question here that may
not be answered in one word-money:
That a very rich man should want
more, and still more is a fact so an
tagonistic to Christian doctrine that
its roots must suck their nourish
ment from the soil of unbelief. A
poor man is seltish from necessity.
But this truth all may see who do not
bandage their eyes: There is no hap
piness for civilized man separate from
prosperity.--lleury Clay Fairman in
People's Party Paper.
To Rainbow (h.msrs.
Of all the weak-kneed thread bare,
silly and urpercillious political clap
trap that we ever have seen or heard
of in the history of this republic, the
claims of a large per cent of the Dem
ocratic party as being in sympathy
with the free and unlimited coinage
of silver movement is entitled to rank
at the top of the flag pole. In the last
year or two, with a majority of 1P4
members in the lower house of con.
grose. with a D)emocratic senate and
a Democratic president, that disrup
table organization of political high
waymen took away from silver all the
power granted it by the gold-fed
ghoulds, of the Repuulican party, and
left it and its friends so Iowerless that
the secretary of the treasury could
and did refuse to allow one
dollar, dime or nickle of sil
ver to be coined in the United
States. With all these facts before
the people of the country, with a
Democratic national administration
damning silver w'ith all the fury of
the devil, the Democrats, thousands
of them, even in the state of Texas,
have the audacity, the cheek, the un
mittigated gall. to ask friends of silver
to vote wite them. 'That there are
honest silver men in the l)emocratic
party we will not question, but if they
eontinue to delude themselves in to
believing they can get monetary sal
vation out of that old organization of
bhumbugs, they must acknowledge
the7 are but Ibthe stepping stones to
dernago-..rues and 1pOiti.es" knavem
1 here i, only one tiing left for all
honest mnone '. mrn. tihose a ho are it
falor of gilt. silver and greenbacks,
rea('h eiual in p'irliha-l ini power tC
uo. and that is to throw itf the danm
II e'.h ol A )I niorat:e. -o.ar, ari taoe
lti'rubibcan yo:e of ini:age an.d 'clle
.nto th,. i'opu:l-t rank-. and vote fo
tholu,.' thin.-.
Vill our , free -. r I) Decmo
cI rairc contnmpl, orari-, or our r ,,.(
Ilnonoll,.tali,t cont'lntlorarie-. u;ar
iispute the-. fact-t ci.. ,ha ,,.rn
them to do so. \\V a\aactie l'ceopie '
i'aper.
EDITORIAL OPINIONS.
If there w as mono y v nough to de
business on a craou ai,a tnere woiulj
nevi'+r be any i narial panics. --To
pui a (Kan. ) .\dvocte.
If the farrntrs " ant iow pr,'es aln
tight time, to continue andl get wor
anl thy have to do is to note for thl
gold standard. Statesboro (,a) `tar.
If the idollar was regulated in salut
so that it wol iii be worth the same al
the ovar round, do %ou think a mac
could speculate in themn --(reeuviill
Independent.
Working men have no use for the
habitual candidate who never work=
himielf and tries to live by borsink
those who do work.--New Orleanu
P'icayune.
There seems to be a unanimous im
pression in the country that the presi
dent's speech at Atlanta was a mas
terly exhibition of how not to say it.
--New OrUans PIcayuno (ltem).
The land ;grabber, the salary grab
ber, the interest grabber and the ta.
grahbber altoge.tih.r mnake plenty ol
worK for the American serfs who are
trying to make bricks without mud.
- Indianapolis Noneonfurist.
If the laps against theft and dis
hone-ty were enforced as rigidly in
the case of the big thieves as they
are in the ease of the little ones, how
manny vacant w ,vs there would be is
our most faliionabie churches:
Tennessee ( ity (oming Nation.
Why do cleve:and and other repre
sentatives of tie :nglish gold stand
ard claim to ie .J-lTersonian Demo
:'rats" lIc'-aise that will please
American ltmo-'ra'vy anl will not de
ceive the loyai sobjects of the Mother
1 contrv. \\ a dhinton silver Knight.
.in'i now it is aald that John Sher
rrman i b:,ly aching over his failure tc
r,.a,'h tin presiuencvy. lie oughtn't
t. hob allowed to join Judis Iscariot
;an:i Ilenedlc t .Arnoll until that belly
a.-h: twists hi, uniblical cord into a
ioo-,e and ,trau:g.es him.-Woodward
(0. T.) News.
(~old is being produced for six cents
per ounce in Couorado an.l not less
than (iJ ,0)) s pe-r month is being
brought to dayligiht at that coast.
Will toe nice. cheerful, intrinsic value
idiot please pipe up again: It has
been sometime since we heard that
variety of chucklehead peep.-Denver
Road.
Did you ever think what all this
bond issue means' No? Well think
a moment. Bonds mean interest: in
terest means debt and debt means
slavery for our posterity. If these
millionaires get another terni in the
white house. we can have the satis
faction to know our children will be
the greatest debtors ever heard of.
Waxahachie People's Paper.
A few men have cornered the peo
ple's supply of coal: a few more have
cornered the people's supply of coal
oil: a few more have cornered the
people's supply of land: a few more
have cornered the people's supply of
money: a few more cornered the peo
ple's means of transportation, and the
whole combined, have cornered the
government. -Austin Peoples' Ad
vocate.
A Contrast.
Mre. Wm. Astor has a wonderful
soake ring, which literally writhes in
constant motion on her linger. It is
made of flexible gold wire chamin. and
in each loop a ruby, an emerald, or
an amethyst is firmly set.
'The heart-broken wife of a poor
workingman in Chicago the other day
pawned her wedding ring to procure
food for her hungry children.-Conm
ing Nation.
DIown to, "a und Monley" ItalL.
*I never saw so many farmers try
ing to borrow money with which to
pay taxes." said a prominent banker
the other day. It is the natural con
sequence of getting down to a sound
financial basis and no one should ob
ject. certainly no sound money
farmer. --lodianapolis (Ind.) Noncon
formist.
- an If It Well.
Congress must suppress the money
corner by issuing more money and
controlling the value of it in the in
Werest of the people. No set of men
can corner the cotton crop. unless
they first have a corner on the money
of the country.--(;reenville Independ
ent
Great Governor
After the roa-ting was over,
After the negro was do'e.
There came from the governor a meaag
Urging the sherlff on.-Dallas News.
G;reat governor. But it is said lba.
he uaderstnod. poker.
DIRECT LAW-MAKING.
INITIATIVE AND REFERENDUM,
GREATEST OF REFORMS.
Introduce This System and Strike at
the Roots ,f Party Tyranny, and Stop
Extravaga Cupidity and Political
Bribery.
The initiative and referendum form
{ of government which is being agitated
fromit one ocean to the other, and adopt
ed by a great many labor organizations
is b(om1 ing more and lmore popular
every day, and means that the people
shall rule and settle all questions, na
tional, state and county. The U. M. Ii.
P'ress, of Tacoma, W\'ash., says, the
form of the initiative andl referendum.
as prolpose.d andi for-iulatel by the "l-i
rect Legislation League," as an amend
nment to the constititlt iolln of any stat"
and which might be used, is given as
follows:
1. The right to approve or reject pro
posed state laws shall rest with a ma
jority of the citizens of the state. The
right to approve or reject the proposed
law of polltical .r.ul livision of the state,
suclh as county, city, town, township.
borough or village, shall re st with the
majority of the citizens of such suhdi
vision. The methodl of such approval
or rejection shall be that known as the
referendum.
2. The right to propose laws of the
state shall tin addlition to being ex
ercised by membl, ers of the senate and
the house of assembly.) rest with any
proportion of the citizens of the state.,
between 5 and 27, I'pr cent, which may
be determined by statute law. The
right to propose laws of any political
sub-division of that state (such as coun
ty, city, town, township, borough, or
village) shall. (in addition to being ex
ercised by members of its legislative
body as at present.) rest with any pro
portion of its citize ns, between 5 anti
25 per cent, which may be determined
by a law of such political sub-division.
The method to be employed in so pro
posing measures shall be known as the
initiative.
The operation of the initiative Is
mandatory, but regulated by constitu
tional provisions.
The referendum acts as a constitu
tional limitation of legislative and ex
ecutive power; and by virtue of this
power proposed legislation by the peo
ple's representatives is referred back
to them for indorsement or rejection
under the operation of legal provisions.
Of all the reforms in our political
machinery this surely is the best and
foremost in its ameliorating and re
forming power. It is an effective
means of removing the whole train of
social and political evils that burden
the people, and would do much to re
store to them their long lost rights.
The introduction, then, of the initia
tive and referendum into our political
system would be a great and beneficial
reform. It is admitted that it is our
duty to obey the laws, but that duty
implies another duty embodied in the
right to approve or reject the laws
that we must obey, both before and
after legislation, if necessary, and the
ultimate ratification should rest with
the clear majority of all the voters
of the nation, state or other sub-divis
Ions of these.
Introduce this system and strike at
the roots of party tyranny, and stop ex
travagance, cupidity and political rob
bery and lay an ax of economy to the
very roots of scheming corruption.
In 1893 the city of Haverhill, Mass.,
by a unanimous vote adopted direct
legislation through the initiative and
referendum; secured by the persistence
and take-no-denial attitude of the
workingmen, demanding justice and
fair play as supreme qualities that
should distinguish the legislative and
executive power of their public serv
ants. By the adoption of this one prln
ciple they secured a common ground
In regard to all abuses, monopolies and
a common plank upon which all reform
parties can stand.
This grand theory of political ma
chlnery and of sovereign power in the
hands of the people, wherein it has had
practical operation, has proven in two
hemispheres a most thorough and
peaceful revolutionary institution. As
regards the initiative, it has been used
in our own country since before its ex
latence as a nation.
In Belgium, 1892, through the use of
the referendum, the law of suffrage
was completely changed for the better.
Before that year the suffrage was re
stricted to 140,000 votes. By the use
of the referendum the people forced
the enactment of a reformed law in
creasing it to 1,000,000, an increase of
the suffrage to over seven times the
previous franchise.
All this was accomplished because
a private canvass proved the truth of
the fact that the whole people rere
clamorous for it; and by their uncom
promising attitude they dominated the
senate, the aristocracy, the army, the
time-serving legal lights and royalty
Itself. The sovereign will of the peo
ple, Interpreted by its vote, overcame
every obstacle in a country hereto the
scene of riot, bloodshed and tumultu
onu agitation.
But the existence of this powerful
_enuc does not mean tgt any and all
measures that seek legslation must r!
submitted to a vote of the people, but
it does mean that the power exists, and
that wtfn the people wish to do so
they can demand a popular vote on any
measure that they consider likely to be
hurtful, if it should become statutory.
There is no such weapon in the hands
of the people against the politicians si,
peaceful as this one may be made. It
includes every reform in the circle of
its grasp.
REPUBLICANS WANT A CHANCE
They Will Show the People How to
'rooper.
"(ive us republican rule for a single
decade and we will show the peopl,e
thel beneficence of repub!ican Iegisla
tion. Every man who wants work will
have it. We will restore our nmercha,,t
marine to the proper place and incr(a .
our white, strong armed squic:lron so
they can command the respect of alI
nations. We will show the people a
policy that is American in .vv ry fit.re .'
The above are the word. of Senator
Frye, of Maine, at a republican banquet
given at Bridgeport. ('onn.
Shades of the departed! Only giv,
'ern a chance! Only want a single deo
ade new! What nerve the senator has,
and he had it with him at that banquit:
This may be styled the sublinmate of
gall-armor-plated cheek, minus blow
holes!
Only been out of power a little more
than two years when they had had
thirty years of rule, during which tilne
the republicans came as near send-ling
the country to the devil as it was po.;
sible for them to do. and since th e dem
ocrats took hold the r pulllicans hay,
aided them in every s"pe'ileu of vi lion.;
legislation suggested.
l)uring the thirty years of republican
control the curse of monopolistic rule
was fastened upon the country. Trust.;
and combines have grown up and flour
ished as never before in tie history
of any nation: class legislation has
been the rule, and so deeply is plutor
racy entrenched that even conservative
men are free to predict revolution as
a means of freeing the people
The causes that have I'rought the
country to where it is today--chief of
which is the present financial policy
originated with the republican party.
which was aided and abetted by thel
democratic party.
The present democratic administra
tion has not deviated one iota from
the policy of its republican predeces
sors, and yet we are now told that if
the republicans are given another
chance they will bring prospeity to the
county.
Why didn't they do it when they had
a chance of thirty years' duration?
Senator Frye asks for a decade-only
wants ten years to undo what it took
thirty years to build up. That's too
long. Give the populists control of this
government and they will cleanse the
Augean stables in less than one year,
and bring relief to the people inside of
sixty days after congress convenes.
The republican party and the dem
ocatic party have both been weighed
in the balance and found wanting.
Democracy is dead and republicanism
will soon follow. There will be no
more chances for either one of these
old parties, as the people are too thor
oughly aroused to place any confidence
in them. Their records of venality and
hypocrisy are so black and damnable
that they cannot longer deceive the
people.
NOTICE.
THE PEOPLE'S PARTY OF ClHI
CAGO, THROUGH ITS COUNTY AND
CITY COMMITTEE, HAS REPUDI
ATED STATE SOCIALISM BY DI
VORCING ITSELF FROM THE NO
TORIOUS GANG LED BY ONE TOM
MY MORGAN, A LITTLE ENGLISIl.
MAN WHO HAS JONAHED EVERY
CAUSE THAT HE HAS ATTEMPTEDI)
TO ADVOCATE. THE PEOPLE'S
PARTY OF CHICAGO IS NOW WHAT
IT SHOULD BE-A STRAIGHTOUT,
MIDDLE-OF-THE-ROAD ORGANI
ZATION, STANDING SQU'ARELY ON
THE OMAHA PLATFORM.
THERE NEED NOW BE NO FEAR
ON THE PART OF POPULIISTS
THAT CHICAGO WOULD BE A BAD
PLACE TO HOLD OUR NATIONAL
CONVENTION NEXT YEAR.
SlIver Too Heavy.
How the bankers are squirming
about silver. They are alarmed at the
prospect. That twenty-five million
dollars annually stolen from depositors
would weigh seven hunded and fifty
tons if it was all In silver. Just think
of it. If all taken at once would re
quire 12,000 cashiers to carry it, would
make a procession eleven miles long.
Every man loaded down with over a
hundred and twenty pounds of silver.
Some of them like as any would get
caught, too, carrying such a load as
that.-Chicago Express.
Col. Jones, who was ousted from the
StL Louis Republic on account of his ex
pressing friendship for the people, is
now editor and manager of the Post
Dispatch. But he is getting too friend
ly to the clod-hoppers again, and the
English tories are determined to tarn
him out.
Dump your gurplW *~er at thI
ofice, piae.