LOUISIANA POPULIST.
FRIDAY, mFay) 1.. 196.
Church Services.
Services at the Metlh-ulw t erhrceh eve
rv Fir-t and Third Sunlday at 11 a. i .,
and 7:30 p. na., bIy the Pa-tor. HI. W.
hickey. Prayer uleetingevery Weadnes
day night at 7:.0 p. In.
BAPTIST-M. E. W'eaer, paator. Reg
n ar aserices., seo',nlan and fourth Snudays,
a ns., andl 8. p. n ; unndnay chool, 10
a. nI.; Prayer meeting, Wiedlllaesdl y, n pI.
n All iuviteal.
Lodges.
Planinix Lodge No. 3*, A. F. & A. M.
, T". Gallin, W. fit.: .I. C. T iich.. jr.. See.
aleets lir.t andil thirdl W\'e sdliadl.eays, at 7
p1. nm.
Caetle Hall No. tn, Kniiglits aof Pythias
-J. E. BIrela, C. (.; Adolphl L'lehriamon,
R. of R. 8. l reeta s enould anid fourth
'hursdays, at 8 it. ia
An interesting game of Base
Ball was played in lBreda's Park
last Sunday tewtween the Camnpti
Stars, under the management of
Mr. Cloutier, and the Natchitoches
Kids, under the management of
Mr, Garza. The score was 42 to
29, in fovor of the Kids. Come
again, Cloutier.
For kSlo or Trade.
As good as new, $100 Monarch
Bicycle, either for trade or sale
cheap. Apply to
T. T. TESSIER,
or at this office. mS.
oe yoa like to Smoke I
Just buy at one time one dol
lars worth and upwards, of Gro
ceries from Williams, Weaver &
O'Qain, and they will give you b
cigars.
caly eie!!l.
Natchitooes, La., May 13, '96.
The Maybr and City Council of
Natabitocbes met this day at 7 p.
in., with his Soa , W. S. Greneaux
Mayor, prNl"tll , and the folow 1
ing member. of the Council pres.
idig : Messs. J. A. Doeourpeau,
Edward Pllips, Harry Percy,
R. B. lPwowA th a No J: T.
Jobhasm.
Ah~sem.-a. W. IL iemeux.
The Maiy vappainted Mr. P. E.
JIe8i, .Lhaill, and the follow
I tg .lait s:
Jým esX '- srU Duaeourase
iam~
, M. Wp.. it.
' .ýigpe phY
~VtbS
U. -.·
SIt twa, our pleasure to roccive a
visit from our foroer editor, iJud;.e
MA. I. atlachen. Th'e .J udo lIas
zia:jy friend: in our lp:O.-h, ,ned
we are all pleased to kuuo that. he
was recently elected J udllo of tl.e
District compels(ed of Grant, Winn
and Cald well.
A goo(l Famnily Flour rat : 75;
A Coffee ltc per pound at Willi:!r,,,
in Weaver & O'Quin.
It is with sorrow we not ic. d
that our diminutive Supelrvisor of
election U. Peter lireazeale lost
ten pounds of flesh lduriI0 the ex
7 citement attending the count, hut
110now as quiet has been resumell d, we
, trust he will again assume his
' normal condition.
Not the First.
k They were engaged. That was
tapparent from their actions. They
were together all the time, and he
tried to anticipate her every wish.
They wandered on the beach to
0 gother and they sat out on the
e porch in the moonlight earnestly
talking about nothing. Moreover,
he could play the flute and they
would occasionally steal away from
the crowd around the hotel and he
e would entertain her with solos.
But she was more worldly than
she looked, anp one night soume of
the other guests overheard a con
versation that was unique, but not
intended for their ears.
"Shall I get my ilutec4" he ask
od.
S"Oh, yes, do," she replied.
"Do you like to hear it 9" he in
quired, fishing for a compliment.
"Indeed I do."
"What shall I play this time 1"
"Anything you wish,"
"Well," after a few moments
spent in thought, "don't you think
the 'First Kiss' waltz would be
very appropriate I"
He wished to be very compli
mentary, but somehow he seemed
to have made a mistake.
"No, I don't," she replied, short
ly.
"Why not f"
"You're about three years too
late."--Chictgo TIaes-Herakl.
The little Democratic shouters
for white supremacy (when negroes
leid their procession) are now or
gauilag a malitis. It is rumored
that S have joined. Well all we
askis'tat net more than 75 will
tselde s Poplist at aone time.
In this pais_ on March 17th
18S, Antmie Maranovich;
msd wasuhern in Dulmatia,
- *sod -en to Ameries in
the Usr 18 tihe bee raided at -
r  es de vtlirris thi s par-'
bLk..UtAiyb de that date-he
eylpe at use tne- lmeq mirnoa
!I athe town of Clou
but the letter pertion of -
Imbrsp-t em his bhrtiful
e riv der. For a
qti - eaent repre
.r*a the pollee juryl
~ i was oee of our
,he mj qoed the es
*ueidSbp oat the eoeu
Swhle he lvedald
brlhs elepohihl who
4 . --
'5
A Wonderful Discovery! A Disease Killer!
BELIEVE AND LIVE: DISBELIEVE AND YOU MAY DIE.
RAID WAYNE MARION sold and guaranteed in Atlanta, Georgia, over four
s[thoo d bottles.SwAxP AxoEL MEDIcirn. Out of this large number of pa
ata treated and using this wonderful preparations there have been put two com
* aints. Two persons dissatisfied, two people, and only two, as the books wil
show, demanded the return of their money.
OVER ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND BOTTLES SOLD AND WARRANTED
Practical tests by the above number of families show conclusively that SwAMP
ANGEL MhhDICINE stands in medicial science where Mergentlaler type. setting
machlnes stand in printer's art-at the head. The people say it is the gr1atest
pain destroyer and germ and microbe killer on earth. It is the only nmedicine of
is ldas in the world made without any acids. Swamp Angel Medicine is manu
latured from the extracts of roots, barks, gums, vegetables, oils, alcohol , chloro
hrm and gases. By practical experience it has been found in the above number
o ases that Swamp Angel Medicine is the most magical medicine made for inter
nal and eternal. use. The above 100.000 purchasers say it will cure, and the
manufacturer guarantees it to cure:
ONSUMPTION, ASTHMA, CATARRH,
Bronchitis, Throat Troubles, Sore Threat, Congbs, Colds, and all Bronchial
Diseases, Rheumatism, Stiff Joints, Swollen Limbs, Backache, Headache Tooth
aobe Neuralgia, Piles and Corns-a certain cure for Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Colic
to man or animal, Croup, Diarrhcea, Dysentery, Flux, Cramps, or any unnatural
pains in the bowels or stomach; removes colds, dead s-nsatious of the limbs, enrses
sold feetkand stops all paralytic tendences. Swamp Angel Medicine will kill
Iloest lnstan.tly all Flies, Fleas, Lice, Bags, Btes. worms, Parasites, Microbes, or
erms of life eevory variety, and will therefore destroy all growing and Fatty
sumo'rs, Goiters, Weas, or swollen and Enlarged B. easts, and give insedlate relief
to bites ofpoisoaous snakes and stings of Insects. It is the tflest liver medicine
on earbt. and will cure Womb Trou)bles, Female Irregularities, all Kidneys and
Liver Compliints, and never falls on Deafness. Full directions for using are
wrappedardnad every bottle.
OPINION. OF EXPERTS. a
On December 18, 1893, Dr. Herman M. Biggs, bacterologist of the health
* board of New York city, informed that body that consumption wss caused by
$ small louse, parasite orgerm; that it was contagion: and eat up the hnmai lung.
On December 14, 1893 (see Health Reports), the health board deciledl that Dr.
Bigs was correct in his diagnosis, and passed a resointion to i-olate all persons
late city suffering with cousumption. Thereforc, It as the bugs, simply tho bugs,
ve have to fight in eases of consumption.
S CIENCE THROUGH THE MICROSCOPE
can distinctly see these small germs o: microbes eating the live iber and
warm blood drops of man as with the naked eye you see a wormn in a rose or
satsrpiller eating a green leaf. Therefore, lr. V. It. Sch ek, 5-lnei:'itr, asys:
."The only medicine of nature is that whichb will diaoy the g.rmus of di:aste.
fX hf IREWARD WILL BE PAID
to you to find a bug worm, bee, spider, wa p, louse, or human pars
site, germ or microbe tsat can live in S .amp Angel M-dicine.
rDrep any eonsumptioa remedy or cough mednicine on a sp;,ler, a bee. or even a fly,
ten to one that suchis a insect will commence to eat of yur o"rat and wonderful
ei lee." Then let a mall portion of Swam., Anl.: Medicine fall on a board
itam Inchsornn.re from a fly and instantly it enomuencA" a seri-s of siralons
ad omen falls everdead, killed by tile pp dlononis a"i of Swt-aup AIgeI LliedcInue.
tThi.eoar out thirty drops of 8 vamp in',l M.lias in su~4ar. garaio;v it, cio'e
your mith , and you ean feel liquld ire and nta.es coining thro.giz ,ove', :sir-cell of
y lagu and paswing fthrough the nostrils. Cu'mmI'non Sen.e mue-t thlus show
that the same gases which ar so dea.li " to tihe fly mu ,t certainly have a sidi
dgb ea the "tubercle bacilli," the moth cating t.,ar,te on the launs.
t IRST CURE MADEJ
In Doember, 1$5$, I started from Georgia to Florida to die of consumption.
' disbae had been slowly creeping on me f.r fllt*: yemars. I was a sktle
1I psands, nodieton, no appetite, no amlbitiaon, and no rpecial dlesire to
On my way Soott I beaeme aequainted with ann ol1 Doctor. With hi hMe p
advice I invented the Swamp Angel Medicine. On March 1, 1S~4, I hadl beean
thismedkdlinabout fourteen months, fromn 100 to 300 droplsa day. Osl my
retins to Atlnta, afteran absence of less than a y.ear selling this medieine, I
m p to Mr. Wright, chief of the detective force In At;alnea. and on. of the
men in Aursa remembering faces, and extendled n:y hand. lie said:
I don't remeber you; seems like I have seen you somen here." This Is
D. w  , the man you saw three straight amonths every day at 97 Decatur
"Indeed! ideed! Is that si? I never would iave kno n ytou. HIow you
at 3 !iI Ya lak tea years yeuger. What on earth have cnt be n doi .g
O ' Takia from 160 to 300 dropsof Sw.mp Ang, Medicine every day,
m· l y. tr. ramanehief clerk of the city deliver, for the Iaema,-Ra'n
D ag who sld me drugs every day for tiree moeshl, did not know ime o.e
=acmte. I had a room rented os Cherry street, Maron, (G., nluring l9. I
pule osa, Mr. Taylor of that beat a year after I had nro manse.ed ti- use
Angel Medi . said: " Surely you are not the maan wiho was
S hat terribhl eo. ad lung trouble in the rear of Wingls printiog sho
wm I paused a rsee at midnight. I beard that cnugh. I said to ni. self
lOt foar this world, and heren show u. in the pilk of health.
aI en dltaeg to gain rsp!dly and look somuch yoinuger My reply
oeld atorS , "Swaip Angel medicine." In fact, klnd reader, few
wi h wo w at year a eensmmmptive invalid, can recognuse me to-day
A tfedY have a gn a p e sad the powers faculties and passions
_ l sl ano _Bal. Now, let measy to you that if you have lung di.
T Llleu eis e s Lm as., sred of deainess ci nteen years aniong
s aos .a ee Cla , bth o Atlan, aired ec almost tos[a deafness, ae -
ofa i Nr s cased, earn's sam e bhL.
Fer 'Sale In Natehitel es by Mc.
The State Normal School,
NATCI1ITOCltS. LA.
The Eleventh Annual Session will Open on
Tuesday October 1st. and continue eight
months. The Second Term will be
gin on the rirst Monday in rebruary.
Age of Admission to Normal Department: 1S fr Ladies and 16
for Gentlemen.
The Facnlty of Fourteen able instructors gives fall course of Pages
slonal Training in the Science and Art of Teaohlug, a nm
thorough instrution in all branches taught in the
High Scbools, incleditg Drawing, Vocal Mu
sic, Eloostion, Book-keeping, and
latn oa FPrench.
Location Unsurpassed for Beauty and Healthfnanes.
DipEomas hsttle Holder to a FIBRS
GRBADE Teacer's lerCiticate wetthout
Tuition rree in Normal Department
3oard $1W pr muth at the Normal, 612.0 it private families.
ThOS. D. BOYD. Presidenli
cw7
LEmy& ~~s
:-&
QP. 0. IOA O OUOUl. aa. ca3vu3.
WASinI.U& CA5v s
A2PU1IT8 ~AT LAW.
-INATVHI!Vý LA.
trsr~ of I2 vbr ~ B~a
sad Mae. sod is *tprJfWs Court
c s t oast. far 110 woom(·
61 Loe61w. Jinm 1717.
* l t r a a, ,
T. J. Gaza cured with the medicine alter suffering fire years. MIrs. D. Bronvil
cured a badly inflamed end swollen arm in one night with Swamp Angel. Epl
ram Jehnson in bed rly menthb with infla~mmatory Iheuamatism, cured in three
a weeks. G. W. Owenssl aered since the war with rheumnatism; cured completely.
I W. S. Nunly, rheumatism all ever the body and Iartly paralyzed, cured sound and
well with Swamp Angel Medicine in two weeks. The above people live in Atlanta.
Mr. Kiker, of Illuchannla. Ga., on crutches three monthk, commenced with Swamp
Angel Medicine; in two days threw his crutches away, and in two weeks lie was
out in the field at work. A late case is reported as tillows : "J. M. .olues, J. 1'.
Dodo, Ga., 3-1 1, 1894, says : Myv wife has been in bd eight months with rheumae
tism and one bottle of Swamp Angel Medicine has heIlr nearly well." So it goes in
a hundred cases. Can't name them-no space.
S WOLLEN BREASTS, TUMORS, GOITER~, WENS, AND SWELLINGS
are caused by parasites. The milk in a woman's breast will sour and ferment.
Then commences the mischief. Kill that troe,le every time with Swamp
Angel Medicine. Goiters, 'Tusors, and Wens are devoloping worms. Kill thenm
every time with Swamp Angel Medicine. Wall Chipman, Sam Jones, (colored)
Mollie Dickson, H. Temple, all of Atlanta. all curd of bad cases of tumors, and
golters. Sam Jones, especially, was being choked to death with a large goiter oni
the neck. In one month was wearing a collar and necktie, same as other people.
Swamp Angel Medicine did the work. Could add ftit cases if had space.
K ID)NEY, BLADDER AND LIVER TROUBLES.
9~Swamp Angel Medicine Acts most effective on the Kidneys. The urine
often smellsof the medicine, especially when taken In large doses. G. W.
Me William, president of the Sub Alliance at Stockbridge, Ga , could not stoop and
pick up a pin. After using Swamp Angel Medicine he could pick up 130 pounds.
It made him a noew man ; better than he had been in twenty years. James J.ackso
Atlanta, suffered for years with diabetes ; cured with two bottles of Swamp Angel
Medicine. Russel Whaley, Atlanta, cared of inflammation of the bladder iu one
week with Swamp Angel Medicine.
ASTHMA AND CATARRH.
conceeded by the best medical experts to be camuse by parasites, germs or
microbes; Swamp Angel Medicine never fails to kill the bugs. Mrs. Sluks,
living on J. J. Brogdin's place, near Lawrenceville, Ga., had been proped up, in Iied
six months with asthma. In a week after commencing the use of Swamp Angel
Melicine she was up and doing her own housework. Could give you many reark
able cures of both catarrh and asthma. Swamp Angel Medicine will cure, if you
give it a trial.
ERICSIPELAS DIARRHEA AND COLIC
are all caused by germs, microbes or parasites. John Danlals, Atlanta, was
struck with a baseball bat. A gash in the cheek and three teeth out
Eresipe.as set in. Three days after his face was a horrible sight. Saturd iy nilht
commenced with Swamp Angel Medicine. Monday morning, no symptoms of a
swollen face. J. R. Clower, Atlanta, at midnight said : 'Oh, I will die before
day I ' Congestion of the stomach. D. W. Marion pumped five doses or 150
drops into 'his gentlem.u in 20 minutes. He was up and walking about in an
hour. N. II. Ciesire, a large farmer of Fulton county, says: My male was sicl
from 3 a m till Op m. 4 then drenched him with two tablespoonfull of Swamp:
Angel Medicine. In twenty minutes that mule was up eating oats. Miss llM
(lower, says: "Not one of the ten children has had LaGrippe, a cough or eld
thIs winter. At the first symptoms of trouble we give and take Swamp Angel
Medi~i nne.
THEIRI NAMES ARE MANY.
jMa.urgaret Morton, 45 Courtland street down in bed six months with con
'samption In less than one week after commencing the use of Swamp Angel!
Medicinu she was walking around and attending nit shallows. In twO weeUka'
she was walking a mile in the hot August sun. J. W. McDonald, WestEad, Ga.
sanlfered thirty years with throat and lung disease; cured sound and well with
Swamp Angel Medicine. Dora Sticekland, DeKalb county, down in bed three
months with consumption; she was walking about everywhere after commencing
the use of Swamp Aagel Medicine. Isaac r (East Point, Ga., J. H. Thomas
J. H. Cooper, Mattie Tomkina, Aleck Hayood all of Atlanta, was eaued of leus
diseass by this reedy "
DY SPEPSIA AND INDIGESTION,
Swamp Angel Medicine i a wonderful tonic, and therefore never fails on
Dyspepdsa and Indigestion. This trouble is simply ferments ion of the
stomach. Fermentation is regeneration. See yeast rising and milk souring through
a -niroscop. Millions of bugs are visible. So with Dyspepia, indigestkio, and
'our belches; the gastric juices have failed to fore digestion. One dose of Swam p
9ngel Medicine puts an immediate stop to all fermentation in the stomach. It kills
the bugs, Cures in Atlanta; 8. T. Tlmmons, W. 8. webb, J. H. Rays O. K.
Horuny, W. Q. Gibsont and 100more in Atlanta alone.
The Retail Dr'aft.5st & qY
That there are few bottles returned. Dr. J. U. 'oblb a Co., Iluchannan, Ga.,
says: Three hundred bottles of Swamp Angel MedicInl e sold ani dgaranteeds
here; only tbr c complaint. ; she goes like a daisy a.aal gives perfe-ct atisflactkion."
Dr. C. D. McDonald, of Mcll)oongh, Ga.. says: Soll ..,n hlain tred bs tles of
Swamp Angel Me.lAicue here. under a guaranee. I have ha:l but one comnlslnat,
one bottle retu.neul." B.agwell Brothers. Lawrencevlil-. .s, says : Have sokl
three handreil b.-tlv Swamp Angel Mediclue here; igives nlive:sal statifaction."
.takak Ivty Covngtom. Ga., writes: Have sold over one hundred botlkls
Swanp.tsel Me'l.eine : guaranteed everybottle and have not lhad one bottles re
turned.', Cap. S nmuel 8. Fegg, Atlanta, Ga. says "I traveled with Dr Marl
on six months and sold over 8 000 bottles >f Swamp Ange: Medidee, aider a poa
ative guaantee, staying from two to four weeks in each town. I only had two
botles returned dnring this time.
THIS TICKET E NTITL. HE WLkR TO
}pint Swamp Angel Medicia . . ... ' .0
r pints for............. 1.0
SPIECIAL TO DEALKERS:
I dos pt. for . . . . . . . . . . ..OD
g or 1 os pt. for . . . . . 4.40
O piletS Swamp Aals MediM b_ ere r .80.
b 4W.LM  or & 2 G, L VI EV D I6I.N' CO..
WASHINGTON D. &
K. @OLSTON, Freat street.
The New Livery,
FEED AND SALE STABLES.h...
WALTERI SCOTT'r, Preprieter.
(McIHOLTOI's OLD STAND, CHUBUIGH TBfTRET,)
NATCHITUCHES, LA.
A full line of New BUGGIES, HACKS and Drummers' WAO
ONS. Fresh HORSES for S'ddlo or Teams.
Lotse of FEED and ample aecommodstions for Stock.
BUSS nmeets all'trains, and calls at any place in city for you. J,
LEE LEADINI
• FURNITURE
OVSE, SOUTL.
We carry the lrgest and best selet
stock aof ay leading house i the
outh. W ~a w rents, smiall expemsse
a ecolamideal conduct of our business1
amokndrlUl any other reliable house
SNew Orlesan
•- i
IF needing Furpiture, send for eas'
144 page illestrated ialogue,
. wi savey you moneyi,
B. J. MONTGOMIeRY rurniture Co.. Ltd.
CAMP ad POYDBAR Bas., Neew Orlese