Golng to the Dog.
An unusual line of business fur
nishes a living for a man in Wash
inoton. lie owns a large number of
bulldogs, which he rents to the own
ere of houses who go away in the
summer. Each dog is chained in the
back yard and intruders are given a
very cordial reception. The dogs
are effective guardians of the prem
ises intrusted to their care The
rent of the dog is but .,3 a month, and
the owner, who is known as Bulldog
t)ouglas-. goes the rounds each day
and feeds the animal... Up to the
present time no bett..r way of pro
tecting property in the abscuce of the
owner has been discovered. Private
and special policemen cut no figure
in the city whereo politicians live.
Too Sluet .lap.
Investigation has resuited in show
ing that ('aliforria is being flooded
with cheap Japanese labor, every
steamer from the Orient, Honolulu
and Victoria bringing them in large
nulmbers. in violation of the United
At.ttes contract labor laws. Within
the past 3car about 1'l,i()) Japanese
have found emplloyment on farms and
in vinyairds. and wh:to farm hands
are idle b1 the thou-ands. Japan is
on top now. and lJais are made he
roe of, and ,etted. ( hinamnen have
been del,iced and as-aulted in Cali
fornia. 1 hey r.atu: ai y want to be
,aups, and i:ct.p on a itlh cheap labor.
He Lakcd the Nerve.
Ul'wn reteipt of 3ctr aeddrer we t" ill mail free
a rnaekagle ( f is aru if 1 il .str!t. d tra:lnsl'arent
t:.rds. plrtt:r n alld eClX;iiirinl Pj ast how and
ihy men frequretl y , lt r from nervo: l nr trou
I l h thlt presv, it t thi ir o.,'r : t'."e H(:I HT THING(
Li the HI(.IIT TIME l.:dlltt: ilnllttrd Adlre'ss,
meltionh g tg is I lsp ·r. .terlain ItReedy to.,
New York City or Lhicago.
Suet. Nosens.
In some parts of Japan at a wed
ding the bride, as a sign of her sub
jection, kneels and washes the feet
of the bridegroom after he has trod
den upon raw eggs.
I'arAe. -r.rod F'ire.
A Par-ce sacred fir-e. which is burn
ing in a temple at l.eiguie, is known
to have not been extinguished since
the days of lalpitoreth. who lived
twelve centuries ago.
Etperilenee Ie md niimy anothers to say
"L'e 'larter'. Ginter Toa.c.'r beaeuse it Isespeel'l
ly good0 for colds, pain and almrest every weakness.
You will always rejoieo in the evening,
It the day is spent profitably.
Those dllat reosIing Cornt!
rad as they are.lllndereorni will romore them. and
then you can walt and run ant jump as you like.
:neemen .A rr-ree'ted.
seven New York Ilomeos were re
cently arrested in one week for bor
rowing money from their lady loves
and then refusing to marry them.
ONLY ONE AND THAT IN JULY.
euemrelhu to t o'oralo.
The G;rert no: h iklind Itotte will sell tickets
tbe.p feor this exeurleon to Denver in July. and
yeoe hould post yourself at olt u as to rates and
boutee.
Sead by postal card or letter to Joo. Febastlan.
O. P. A.. Chicago. for a hImutlful souvenir Issued
by the Chicago. tock Island & Pacific R'y. called
the "kourist Teacher." that tells all about the
trip. it will be sent free. It is a gem, and you
should not delay In asking for t.
Jro. SsasTIA., G. P. A., Chlcago.
Never wear your teat clothes when in
qulring the price of toard.
The Cures
ly Hood's Sarsaparilla are wonderful,
but the explanation is simple. Hood's
biarsaparilla purifes,
vitalizes and enriches
the blood, and dis.
ease cannot resist its
powers. Read this :
' My girl had hip dis
ease when five years
old. She was con
} flned to her bed and
for six or seven weeks
C ot applied weights to the af
ee footed limb. When she got up she
was unable to alk, had lost all her
strength anid day by day she became
thinner. I read of a cure of a similar
em by Hood's Sarsaparilla, and decided
to give it to I.illian. When she had
takes one bittle it had effected so much
kgood that I kept on giving it to her
ntil shem had taken three bottles. Her
appetite was then excellent and she
wa well and strong. She has not used
S eratches for eight mouths and walks to
. school every day. I cannot my too
maook for
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Ž" It is a splendid medioino and I would
- e eommsod it to any one." a O. A.
Lates, Oroel, Califorals.
t, n " ,'s Pills '*Z ~,
* ASK YOU1 OITOES I O *
*A THE BEST
F'"OOD
gmm nflniERSHlillms/'
CHIILDREN
. nI ll-llm NrL.
IN WILIS OF TEXAS.
LIr" "IN THE PINEY" OF THE
LONE STAR STATE.
The 81ight of Civilization Peinetrating
tihe Interior of the Empire o State of
the South-The Crop of LAonelinesi
as Seen by an Ea:tern Writer.
IllS Is the western
\',\ terminus nearly of
L, T that pine woo 1
"" > } beginning in wecst- .
era Louisiana and
extending through
the eastern part of
r this state, writes a
Plantersville (Tex.)
, .. correspondent of
!. - the Philadelphia
Times. Here.where
railroads have pierced it, stations ap
pear along their routes, small groups I
of smaller buildings, oases in this vast
desert of pines and solitude. For little
voice save their own when the wind
stirs them has this wilderness of pines.
I Scattered here and there a sawmill ap
pears, seeming lost amid its depths, on
its edges housed in frail. rough, plank I
shanties dwell a few wild and lonely
looking "setters," but through its great
heart little of life is visible or audible. I
A few roads used mainly by lumber
teams penetrate its solitudes, the plain
est trails being those used by the cattle
that range its wastes. One wonders I
where these half-wild beasts find for
age to round out their carcasses so 1
bravely, these woods look so nude of all I
Igreen things save the tops of the ser
led ranks of trees or the scrubby small
growth peculiar to these pine wastes. I
The dim and lonesome roads wind on
and on, you cross hallow depressions, 1
t narrow and sand-bedded, which in the
states east of Texas would be little
brooks of murmuring water, but here 4
they are dry and desolate looking sand
beds. Occasionally you reach a creek
even gloomier-looking than its dwarf- I
9 ish kinsman. Its banks are wastes of
I deeper sand, its shallow water slinks
silently and slowly past between its
grassless banks, then slouches into
deep, forbidding pools on whose brink I
you instinctively hesitate before per
mitting your horse to drink.
Then your road skirts a basin, acr.es
in extent, filled with a dirty white
ooze of mud and water, containing a
vegetation coarse and sparse, remind
ing one oddly somehow of the stealthy
Indian that so lately roamed through
these wilds. Sometimes these basins,
s shallower and drier, are dotted with
groups of scrubby persimmon trees-
these, In the vernacular, are termed
"persimmon fiats." Deer and turkeys
are said to inhabit these solitary woods,
but neither living or dead have they
been visible to my eyes. Sometimes
not often-a little prairie breaks the
monotony of these serried ranks of
pines. On and about these the people
cluster, their frail, mud-chimneyed
little houses encroach on the great
forest. In the little fields women and
children toil beside the men through I
the spring and again in the cotton dur
ing the autumn. Oh, the loneliness of
these lives! The churchless Sabbaths,
when men and boys gather to play
games and the women to chatter and
take snuff. Oh, the delight of seeing t
a newspaper after a month of depriva
tion. The satisfaction it is to know 1
that there is a world that lives and
moves and that some time one will get
out of the Texas pine woods and live
in that world too. At eventide you t
s hear, perhaps, from some little farm- 1
stead a woman's shrill voice calling the I
cows home from the pine woods. You
see the men feeding their prairie ponies I
with ground peanuts and vines which I
take the place of corn when the drought
Scuts short that important grain, as in
Sthe puast season. Soon they gather
Swithin doors and have supper by lamp
light. 8ometimee some very sagacioust
man tests your knowledge of geogra
phy by queries that make you feel
yoresilf a lineal descendant of the wise
Solomon.
"Is not Australla in South Amer
lea?"
"Deer not England Join the United
States?"
I have reaily been asked these ques
tlons and recovered suaclent presence
Sof mind to return eorrect answers.
In the early mornlq you roof your
head with a sunbonnet, the unilversal
feminine head garb here, a %onnet with
a crown that cleaves the tair, tall and
grand uas a moentain peak. Than you
st forth through the dense fog on a
bee line a·cross the prairie to your
schesroom. Youear feet sink deep ila 1
the sandy path, and, perhaps, a
"northor" meents you. It is a warrior
from away up north and it fights hard.
Unwittingly the tears stream from
ytour red-rimmed eyes, your skirts lash
furlosly Ia the sweeping wind. But,
Ilke the prairie uaes, you learn to
bow yaour head, arch your back, and
prem ea. The school edifice is con
strauetd eo the omnipresent pine
plashe, witht say "ceraners," as a
Melsll agroe sace said of a house
f eml~mr architeture. The children
mwe et had, bet t s hard to keep them
gmtg n their restlmess they re
mindl me et nothig so much uas the
tMIble hh r wrm. Their sports are
tmly realisti. 'Ter are houds;
thg -na dewa ime o theikr amber as
h dr. Tlhey hy him with genuine
Ianait balg; they tear him to the
emea, st, with kng oweeapnklves
the huatee am p him. Or, as cow
hap. ei "bemh' each ether as cat
t*, NheUl tlhe swbar e bakc to
• 'e nrgm," sd tle lowig nd bel
tIae re e tres n NB It mhls one
" 6 am.r t, Thi lelld fa "the
M" as u-h r et,:emmle term it.
~wsaegro
the Itter with miu co 'ttit. T: . '·c
are reali"ly . -tra)l, citi : . The
spend the : t,::ths in b - - -drinkin.
and caroining- it ii tl .ir cho '.n picnie
day. T hey h:. , ; :.u " I ' 'ov",n th , n: ; .lvel
tc:clihahl. or I o.r' i '. Ti'h .r is too
n uo ch of barb ,ri' .\.- i: ti n. and
western lO ra :risa n `11 nt tol r.,a
churches in thii; place i' a 'i l ' :o1 ': It
is for the ( 1,;'t:anu.; ;ai tn g t ale e tfo -
T h ii; is a n aiu t: . ,, :::1 , v1 l \ '. . V .'h 'n
the var clos,l it fail as.;pt . The rail
road reached and li -o it, .-s 11 it
slumlb rs. I like p1 c .e s oi 0 -tiimr' ;low
and sole-mn, pera;hp:; becau.t I .'", ,ny
slf ol -tirlcey, <-low antd I,)l ;:I n, yet
here theie is too muchui still life.
ONE TRADE BUSY.
Mlore ,le ( i ,Menlding lcy Tatlora One
of the ilriult of DuI)11l Tiiime.
"M y trade has ho-I bigg ,,r an-i bet
Ior in the last two d11l -years t::;; ,voer
it was before." said a ('olin; b ' s av,':e nue
tailor who fellows thli ustiefil blll; :;1
of mending men': clothes, to a New
York Sun reporter. "Look at the pileos of
garments upon these -ellvels awaiting
my needle. I never know of tuh a
rush at any other time since I I, .ame
a boss in the tailor's trade a,; that for
tvwo years. I have had, and 'yt al'\e.
to give out jobs enough to k,'hp tnl,
men and women a.t work. 'en:l come tIe
in here with coat:; and trotus'':; d "
vests who ne\er u.:i it tdo it, an:
hardly ever had any imending dli. or
ever thought of a patc.h. Th. have I
been getting out th Ir old rto.k to be
fixed up on account of the hard times. 1
Some of them, who would not bIe seen i
in here, rend around their gar ment 1
by a messenger boy or a servant, and I
can turn out some things so a. to be
better than they were when new. No,
I would not give you the names of my
customers, but I can tell you that some
of them pass for rich. 'That smairer
suit belongs to a man who is believed
to be a millionaire, and he has worn it
for two seasons. and when I send it
back to him, he can wear it for two
more. Some men whom you'd never
suspect of being hard up ml,.t he down
on their stumps, or perhap.' they are
practicing economy without any need
for it.
"Lots of New Yorkers ar.. Iiehty
foolish about their clothes. Tlhey will
throw away a coat or a pair f" trouts
ers when they are not half .;orn out.
Another thing, new clothes are cheap
nowadays, but it is a fact that they
are not so cheap as last year's when
you can get them mended an cleaned
for a dollar or two. Nearly nll the
merchants in my: lIne are bus;:', a11d v:e
have had good times all through the
bad years. The extravagant s. id waste
ful people have had a useful lesson."
LIGHTING A PIPE IN A WIND.
.1 Sportsman's Devioe WI'hen Mlatches
Failed to Do Their Work.;
"Paddling up Sebec Lake last sntm
mer in a birch-bark canoe," :iaid a New
York sportsman to a Sun writer, "the
breeze blew so hard and constantly
that, try as I might, I could not keep a
match ablaze long enough to light my
pipe. After half a dozen matches had
flared out in the lighting of them, I
made some forcible remarks ap*3pos
of my failure. 'Let me show you how
to do it,' said my companion, an old
Californian, who was handling the bow
paddle. 'Hand me a bit of that news
paper sticking out of your pocket.'
"He took the piece of paper and
crumpled it up into a wad, which hr
retained In the palm of his h tnd. Thet.
striking a match, he closed both hands
about it to shield it from the wind,
after the traditional manner of the rail
road navvy in lighting his pipe. The
flame instantly set the paper smoulder
aing on the top without its breaking into
a blase. He pansed the burnl ig wad to
me, and it served as a pipe lighter
equal to a live coal, the high breazo
fanning insteal o. extinguishing it. It
was the simple invention of a practical
mind, which served my turn lhen and
afterward, and I commend the device
to sportsmen needing tinder fir a pipe
light or to start a camp fire."
FOR UNCLE SAM'S GIRLS.
Dantiest of new coin purses at s those
of Scotch plaid.
Dresden ribbons are a fashivnable
fad, albeit they are not cheap.
She who is economical in material for
her skirt is fashionably lost.
As many distinctive fashions ar, now
created .'n London as in Paris.
White jets will be profusely used to
trim some of the summer bodices.
Newest of the sumptuous banqaet
lamp shades are a mass of Italian lace.
The masculine girl has already
donned the cinnamon-brown Derby hat.
Whit( and black lace sacques, ovr
silks, wtlli be fashlonabl spring wraps
For weddnar presents there is much
that is new and artistic in silverware.
In fashionable ,..icles of furniture
the windowette has a great attraction.
In England, so fashion papers say,
the sailor hat for women ha "ad its
day.
Feather boas will continue in vogot
all summer. They are too effective to
discard.
Summer hats will be colossal. The
old Oalnsborough will be small beside
them.
Austrian china is fast coming into
fashion. The dinner sets are especially
beautifuL
Very beautifu' portiers may be made
by ueatting out the fiurres of very heavy
lace, and appliquelng them In plush.
Vandykta of pssementerle are very
much used, ad bretelles are also fash
lonable: both are heavily jetted, while
butterflies, large enough to cover the
entire front of a waist, are the latest
conceit of the queer and ornate trim
mings of the season.
A very ornate Passementerle Inser
tion, about two inches in width, has
purple pansles, made entirely of shad
ed pailllettes, with green leaves of the
pusementerle cut "a jour" ad blue
drsg les. with the whuts of pail
lettes or etbe bodies of gold pan sheet
.gea . •
All other p d,`" rsý
fl-are cheaper made
J and inferior, a-nd
B~kin~" leave either acid or
pur~ alkali in the food.
ROYAL BAKING rOw C c., 1'G WALL ST., NW-VOR. -
There are about '")0 wholes'l,
dealers in wlhiky in New York city. -
and they intend to form a combina- ii
tion to light the whisk.i trust. Their ,
Sweapon wil b the boycott. The reat
son given for this action on their a
part is tile understanding amrong,
them that the trust intends to raize t
the Irice of whisky from 15. to 2' i
cents a barrel. They say that this is
has been agreed upon. and that the r
advance will soon be made. It is c
their contention that Wall street con- a
trols the trust, and they do not in- a
tend to pay an additional price so c
that the stock can be forced up from
23 1-2 to i,. ''iere are four disti:i
cries out of the trust. They have a
capacity of 17,501) bushels a day, or c
about s,,,,l0 gallons of spirits. In v
New York there is consumed daily't
50ur barrels of high-proof spirits. 'c
whic h. from adulteration and dilution,
beconme twice that quantity. The 1
distilleries outside of the trust are
the Atlas. of 'eoria: the Hanover,
P'eoria; the (;lobe of 'Pekin, and the
American of l'ekin. Each one of these
companies has an agency in New
York. The Whisky trust is lovely.
Everybody who has stock in it wants
to water his stock and his whisky
both.
Give Weekly Lectures, t
The Boston Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Animals gives a
weekly lecture on the proper way to
treat dumb animals.
Numerous Dog Owners.
It has been computed that in (;Great
Britain there are 2.t00,00 dog own
ers and 20,000 exhibiters and breed
ers of dogs.
Many taverns.
A late curiosity gleaner claims that
there are 500 open caverns in Edmond
son county, Kentucky.
i
Conservative Little Bodies i
Are those diminutive organs, the kidneyA.
which, in spite of their small size, perform in
health a most important part in the mechan
ism of the systemu. Out of order they breed 1
dunrierours trouble. Renew their activity with s
Hostetter's 'tomach titters. which prevents
the rerions and often fatal diseases resuittin I
from their inaction. This sterling medicine. I
moreover, remedies malarial, rheumatic and
dyspeptic complaints, and invigorates the 1
whole system.
If you want to learn humanity, study a
good woman.
Are Yon Going East This Summer?
Don't forget that the great summer
tourist route is the Michigan Central.
"The Niagara Falls Route," a first
class line for first-class travel, the popu
lar line to Niagara Falls, Mackinac
Island, the Thousand Islands of the St.
Lawrence, the White Mountains, the
Adirondacks, Portland by the Sea, Bos
ton, and New England points, New
York and the seashore.
Send ten cents postage for "A Sum
mer Note Book." It will tell you all
about these places and how to reach
them. 0. W.. RUGGLES,
Gen'l Pass'r and Tkt. Agt., Chicago.
Temptation is an acid-it reveals the
haracter.
KNOWLEDGE
Brings omfort and improvement and
tends to penrsonal enjoyment when
rightly used The many who live bet
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditore, by more promptly
adapting the world's best products to
the needs of lysical being, will attest
the value to helth of the pure liquid 4
laxautive principles embraced in the
remedy, tp of FigE .
Its xeelleeb due to its presenting
in the form most acceptable and pleas,
ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
beneaciasl properties of a perfet ax.
atire; edetuailly cleansing the system,
Ieling headaches and fevemrs
promnel curing constipation.
It has pven atisfaction to millions ad
met rwith the approval of the medical
profeson, beasme it aets on the Kid
neys, Iver sad Bowels without weak
eatng them sand it is perfeetly free from
every objeetlonable subtstace.
Syrupof ist i for rsle by all drug
gistsin oe d1 b bottl n but itis man
faetured by the Oalifornia Fig Syrup
On only, whose asne is nted on every
pekag, also the name, Syrupof Figs, I
and bing well intformed,o will os
rom am/~tm Ua
So!. :c iat rl: a. I :,,- i r las- -
i 't ,i :h i '', I, " , · , , 'Ir:-t.n.' it to 1v
othlo r i.a , ha:ni hlir otti i. 'ht >t
' ll, h,: ,t 'is 'ak :.' ,', p) rha stts
ImtOrl't : t 't O-,tit : y l (': l !n-!' mI11¢o0 ('cOln
c(ture, a t i( - ,' .t ' than any
thin el-- abo't he a la.i,. A.t l-t. it
i- s.tul, the stcrt'(t i, o it. " he ba-ki 't
is lined t ithl oal(d Kb tla i, the
restdence of a h, d,-leuug. It is the
one and Oln 1-'t o ti'- e -emn rc-., .1
and sihe lter t'rave .s w,1thoat it. or c
allows other hand-. than her own to
care for it.
i it lier ( .ttiy.
Somie idea ma" be fornmel of the
cost of aecce-ories to a billiard talbe
when it is stated that it reinircs the
tusks of thre-e f' ,'-; ,ant;t to furni-h It
comnlete .et of b,.i natiely. sixt'een
tvtpratnid. twclic fol an'd three bil
liarid alls.
.A I. i iht inimie.
'The domo o0 the 'alais deo Justico I
in I irust'ls is triadie of patier mache
and weighs sixteen ton -.
W pill a: I- IO r ,clt .r :' ev canot
t- "1 rth t at t t , 1 t i" . " rtd \ilth liall a
Cit.,rrh ('t ' :
k'. J. 111-.N 1 a <. , lror.. Tulecdo, O.
The pav. ur, er p:-,,, h no va'lto on seti
timtent.
PROSPECTIVE MOTHERS
.,l i those s,,i to -
h1-cmtn_ mothers,
hoiubrill knotw that Dr.
i< ,'t.'s Favorite Pre
,-iti tn tbs child
I r til o its tortures
wli t< rrora, as w ll
of it- dan:, r , to both
ii' l t.er and child, by
aitdintg :aturoe in pre
paring tile system for
parturition. 'there
y I" labor " and the
piiI of confine
nt nitt are greatly
shortened. It al-o promnotes the secre
tion of an abti:tttince of nourishment for
the child.
Mrs. I)on A. (r !air, of ),I ."", O rtlo, Co.,
Tenn.. writt-: X'l 1 I iwatt taking Doctor
Pierces- I-:t-vtrite t'- . rpttion. I was niot able to
stand on my fie't ,tht , a;t iftering almost death.
Now I doeill my It-.,'-'ork. i- a.t ingi. cooking.
sewing and ever thinti itor my fatmily ofeight. I
aml st utter nti.w than I Iuie beena in six years.
SYour - Favorite I're-crition' is the best to take
before conititimnitt t, or at least it proved so with
ine. I never ,.ut:lete so little with any of my
children as I lid with my last."
White Washing ]
Done
Everywhere
with
Clairette
Soap
All washing is not white ,
washing, as all soap is not
Clairette. That bath-brick
tint when seen in clothes, al
ways proves that they are stran
gers to Clairette Soap. Try it.
Sold everywhere. Made by -
THE N. K. FAIRBANK COMPANY, - ST. LOUIS.
Very Latest Styles May anton
iS Cent Patlerns for 10 Cents. wthen the Coapon Below Is Nest. Also One
Cent Additional for Postage.
64iJ 6899 6413 6400
PAITr x N. o '9-r. t In fvre 0ler, ri S t. 1, a4nd, 40 Iad.h i . t It;r.lnCe.
PATTlmsrN. tll C,lu in rive "lre. i tz: 3 .3 34 a3, A and to Inrh b: t n n'ue
PATTrav No. t ,':-Mt;- e Prefer, four ires,. viz: 10 I. 14 and It yeass.
PlTTrE No. 6o400--Mi.m' Skirt-, three sie.., It. 14 and It years.
I HIS COUPON sent with an order for one or anyof the abve j3 cet , at nv"' In rre.htil
4 K as 23 cent-, makain eacll aittarn r,t only Oe resale.
One cenut extra for o.tagl for ea-h pattern. ulve llltu|ntrutf intle wtl-t rlt R 1rle for
S skirts ana nun Ler of I'1he bast measure for rwalts. AglJrers
COUPON PATTERN COMPANY,
e rSock ox 747. NW YORK. N. Y.
_Ira~ ,v rv +a arr~ ar- V r *-v y yy y' y vYT vY V
(If - or I .bl 1 |i "..i"r
"Hanson's M'agi7c Crn a.] .c."
War It t r, t .( v I < 1 2 yeat
. o' . l I , , it . . . . ,
eot i ,n l. , a ,', r, n ".. , , i '' ti a.
It nlin -el I ). ) ll .n ,: .i i, l 1 t', " )L t,
il l , /'r d Iul, t t ir , , il( lt.
PARKER'
HAIR BALSAM
'l, ,r ran ds h tl , e Lnir.l
U..(r t", Ilr e ut l.n Cas
Patents, Trade-Marks,
Exnn:;na:in wtl, A, l i.'," n to ',.t." : "h. ', ".
Invelrntio u r,l): "u .ll.rnr 1ir t r i I ', ,
-rt t 'ut." Tm:2J2: !''i , id:'.i) 'i::. D. G
WANTEO--LADY AGENTS
in every t,,vn t,) s.ll ,;r .:';8at y 1te tic'ne: I-,,l Ifrrr
}eare in p .: . I !lnn Ir, tr I| lrl·r .t\ f r . i t ,t.
Ing 'xlp" ti"o..' .G1 134, A. ?IPINIEI, dA CO·.,
To,eia. KaaInas.
P A T E lN T S T ht . 1 '. n ,, .." . , ..." .
DALLAS BUSINESS FIRMS.
FOUNDERS AND MACHINISTS ... "'.
Oii Mils. ;1tI!. Ico l:,nns. eItti c .:hit. etc.
rountrs. Write us. Monller 31'I'I; Co.. lal,l.a
EMERSON,TALCOTT& CO. I ,h "'
Sta.dard Cultivators, . t ovtie
PLANTERS, MOWERS, It ,".rd u}twl
Dallas, - - - Texas. i 'lows
W N U DALLAS 2--95
When Answering Advertisements Kindly
Mention this Paper.