LOUISIANA POPULIST.
Subscription $1.00 Per Year. There is No Free ('ý1intry, Unless the Peopleh Fulc, Price 5 Cents.
VOL. III. NATCIIITOCIHES, LA., OCTOBER 16, 1896. N(O. 9.
. . . . . . . . . . .. .. . . . . . . . .
Educate and organize.
This seems to be an age of steal.
The best place to kicla is at the bal
lot box.
Broken political promises don't make
good parts history.
Direct legislation is a rapid transit
toward pure government.
If gold was worth but 15 cents a
bushel would it be fit for money?
Free coinage of silver is only one
step in the direction of currency re
form.
The yellow-hammer democrats are
not making much noise over their na
tional ticket.
Grover indorses the yellow-hammer
ticket nominated at Indianapolis. 0-f
c-o-u-r-s-e. So does Carlisle.
If a gold basis will give us good times
why don't we have them now, under
the "existing gold standard"?
If gold should be discovered in un
limited quantities what would become
of t'3 existing gold standard?
The threat which the banks made to
precipitate a panic has resulted in
people drawing out their money.
Free silver is the strategic point
around which the battle for the con
trol of the currency is being fought.
The issue is money against men, and
no amount of tariff oratory can divert
the minds of the people from the real
issue.
We may be "ignorant, vicious and
wrong-headed," as the gold-bugs
charge-but merely calling us so does
not.prove it so.
Populists believe in a money redeem
able in corn wheat, cotton, hogs, and
all other products of labor, as well as
gold and silver.
Primary money means redemption
money, redemption money means coin
to redeem with, and coin to redeem
with means bonds with which to pur
chase it.
After the national organ of the
Knlghts of Labor turned loose a
broadside on Powderly, the republican
national committee hastened to dis
own him.
The question is not so much as to
what kind of a dollar the worki' -man
will be paid in, as it is whether he will
have the opportunity to earn any kind
of a dollar or not.
If the banks can pay their depositors
tn 60-cent dollars in the event of free
cojasge of silver, why should they lose
any sleep over the privilege of doing it?
Banks are not built that way.
By and by the hired writers of the
east will learn that calling our plat
arm a "preposterous farrago of sinis
ter nonsense" doesn't disprove the
truth of any principle therein con
tained.
It would be cruel to say anything
about the little band of falthful wor
shippers of the golden calf who re
eently nominated Palmes and Buck
ner. They went of alone to be dig
ated and quiet.
A correspondent asks a Texas editor
to write an article on the political
Sins of John Sherman. The editor
replies that this would be too mucb
like compiling a biography of the devil
to be a plemat midsummer task.
And now the learned essayists of the
east are comparlng aus with the savages
at remote barbarian ages. They are de
trmined to continne groplng in the
dark ages of the world-and naturally
Sy to their beloved Idols for compari
Teddy Roosevelit, the fllow with an
age-glass, who "reormed" the police
aree- u New York, eaia the slver
ma "ahtftles, vlaous, hopelessly ig
,orant and thick-headed." Now isn't
tat eloquent, logical, and laust too
'ate for anythnlag?
Cold-bleded liatelloet may be pe
". ea by a burglar or a hghwayman.
Ike taet that nearly all the old ossil
: Us proifessors et the east are gold
b i is no iadieation that they know
.e eaditlesa or aympathae with the
ta. la at pheope. They are aim
*1r a...o.tsUal md grm atcal
m ats, eaerss M drby" pp~I g a
b ri n the5 1o
Are you slly emageh atnk that
.ages wia an md mn tahrwne ot
, eds St poeemet ars ap? ai
bel esi m aliv e rpw "deuiss the
atwa yen buy" es the pSi
wny eha t g atr stimatls i
-
HIS CRIMES ARE TOO MUCH IN EVIDENCE.
tI
' 7D
UNCLE SAM-"Not Another Step-By the Eternal:
it M'K INLEY'S LETTER.
EVIDENTLY IN AN UNCOMPORT
d ABLE POBITION MENTALLY.
Ll His Quetation from Cleveland's Message
Is adilplomaatle-A Part of His Letter
Might Have Been Written by Altgeld
d or ones
McKinley's long-looked-for letter of
acceptance is a disappointment to the
people. It is a labored affair, and
plainly bears the marks of strained
d mental effort. The Major evidently
could have accepted some other style
of platform with much better grace and
with far less sacrifice of mental ease.
n It is Impossible to account for some
n portions of his letter, in a marner con
n sistent with his acknowledged ability
and honesty, upon any other theory
than that his mental stress was so
severe as to cause him to lose sight of
e the Just and worthy course which
a otherwise he would certainly have
adopted.
When he says: "Free silver would not
wean that the silver dollars were to
be freely had without cost or labor,"
0 and "It would not make labor easier"
"It would not make farming less labor
I ious"-he is thoughtlessly guilty of the
id nsulting assumption that the scale of
intelligence among our laborers and
farmers is so low that many of them
s need to be disabused of the idea that
e silver is to be freely given them under
e free coinage.
? Uqder different mental conditions
Mr. McKinley would not have lost
sight of the notorious and indisputable
fact that it was the organised farmers
and laborers of this country who have
h forced this question beyond the control
e of partisan demagogues into world
wide prominence, and if he had not
lost sight of this fact he would certain
ly have understood that the force capa
I ble of bringing about such results
could not have emanated from a clss
- of citiszens whose understanding was of
the puerile order in which his assump
tion places it. It is charitable to be
lieve that Mr. McKinley was not prop
erly at himself when he made this in
r sinuation, and it might be let go at
tI that if this mistake of his, in the mere
r contemplation of the policy forced upon
b him by his party, did not compel
U graver doubts as to what might happen
in the event of his being placed in posl
tion to make that policy the rule of
s the land. The laborers and farmers
" comprise at least three-fourths of our
. population, and if Mr. McKinley really
e believes that this large class of voters
are influenced to such an extent by the
childish belief which his argument im
plies as to make it incumbent upon
him to set them right in that particu
Slar, then it follows perfectly naturally
that if chosen to the presidency he
would not stultify himself nor lower
the dignity of his administration by
t considering even for a moment any
Ssggestion which might come up from
them. And this, in turn, means plain
ly that the same old crowd, whose
idei of wit is embodied in scurrilous
Sjests at the expense of the "hayseed"
Stermer and "mudsill" laborer, and
whose only conception of wisdom is
that it can alone be found in all its
punity beneath the silk hats of men
Swhomse "buslness ability" renders them
able to live without soiling their deli
eate hands, will control his administra
In his argument for the maintenance
of the existing gold standard he says:
t "It is the reengalted and sole standard
a or the great eomsereoal nations of the
g world with which.we trade mes large
ly thea any other. eighty-fibr per
e mat of r d foreign trade for the iseal
year Ul was with gold-standard eoan
Striea nad oar trade with other eama
t es was settled en a gld bads."
w able lsseres t o p that ou
- gl)+Yl ass" a os sems aaf
· u o·,,.m; m,, · o
_ - ,, ,,. , . . ..o .-, "- -.  ,,
making our standard of payment ac
ceptable to those with whom we deal.
How he can make this argument con
sistent with the other in which he de
claret that protection is of "supreme
importance" is for a gold-standard pro
tectionist to explain. To an outsider it
would seem that if protective tariffs
are of "supreme" importance because
of their tendency to discourage free
trade, the free coinage of silver, since
it opposes the standard of payment
adopted by all of the "great commer
cial nations of the world with which we
trade," ought, at least, to be of some
importance in bringing about the de
sired object.
He declares that "protection has lost
none of its virtue and importance. The
first duty of the republican party, if re
stored to power in the country, will be
the enactment of a tariff law which
will raise all the money necessary to
conduct the government, economically
and honestly administered, and so ad
justed as to give preference to home
manufacturers and adequate protection
to home labor and the home market."
"Economically and honestly admin
istered" somehow sounds democratic,
and was perhaps injected to catch the
ear of the gold democrats, who were
shortly to be assembled in national con
vention at Indianapolis. But did Mr.
McKinley really mean to say "all the
money"? If so, then the internal rev
enue tax on whisky, tobacco, etc., will
have tO be repealed. If he did not
mean "all," then why did he say it?
Was it because of the "mental strain"
already suggested as accounting for
some of his peculiar assumptions?
Mr. McKinley deliberately says all
that about "the first duty of the repub
lican party" in face of the fact that
even if his party is fully and wholly as
successful as its most sanguine mem
ber believes it possible to be in this
campaign it will nevertheless be utter
ly impotent to enact a tariff law differ
ent from that now on the statute books
because the silver senators from the
west have flatly laid down the ulti
matum "No silver, no tariff," and the
time of none of them expires under two
years.
In view of the help which he desires
from the goldbug democrats, was it not
a little undiplomatic, not to say cruel,
to resurrect and quote Mr. Cleveland's
message written for the express pur
pose of influencing the extra session of
congress to repeal the Sherman silver
law? A part of Cleveland's message
quoted by McKinley is as follows:
"With plenteous crops, with abundant
promise of remunerative production
and manufacture, with unusual invita
tion to safe investment, and with sat
isfactory assurances to business enter
prises, suddenly financial distrust and
fear have sprung up on every side."
Now, since Mr. Cleveland's object in
writing thus was to prompt congress to
destroy the last vestige of silver as
money and thus bring about the gold
standard in all its purity, which the
republican party says "must be main
tained," and since Mr.Cleveland, by the
help of John Sherman, Tom Reed, and
the republican party generally, accom
plished his purpose, it /does seem a
little unkind in McKinley to quote that
very message to show how terribly the
"threat of democratic free trade" was
already beginning to affect the country.
But he does quote it, and with that
very object in view, and then further
on in his letter he himself declares:
"It is not an increase in the volume of
money which is the need of the time,
but an increase in the volume of busi
acess Not an increase of coin, but an
increase of conadence."
Thus it will be seen that these two
great statesmen, Cleveland and McKin
Sley, agree upon what is lacking. It was
a want of "confidence" shown by
"fnancial distrust and fear" which kept
the people from enjoying the rich har
vests ao la ts, etc., in Cleve
la.d's tl.e, r m. it is oaly a lakotthe
- '
tion that still holds us plunged in the
depths of despair. One more quotation
from this surprising letter:
"We avoid no issue. We meet the
sudden, dangerous, and revolutionary
assault upon law and order, and upon I
t those to whom is confided by the con- 1
3 stitution and laws the authority to up
hold and maintain them, which our op
ponents have made, with the same
courage that we have faced every emer
t gency since our organization as a party
more than forty years ago.. Govern
ment by law must first be assured;
everything else can wait. The spirit of
lawlessness must be extinguished by
the fires of an unselfish and lofty patri
t otism.
a "Every attack upon the public faith
and every suggestion of the repudia
tion of debts, public or private, must be
i rebuked by all men who believe that
honesty is the best policy, or who love
r their country and would preserve un
sullied its national honor."
5 These are consecutive paragraphs
r taken from near the close of the lt4ter.
The only comment they call for 's that
the first might have been, with a few
immaterial changes, uttered by John P.
Altgeld or Eugene V. Debs in opposi
tion to "government by injunction" or
the lawless invasion of a sovereign
state by the federal military, while the
z last could easily have come from
Bourke Cockran, Tom Reed, or John
1 Sherman. Altogether the letter is
t weak and may well prove discouraging
to republicans.
Will the East Secede?
The most frightful estimate of the
1 present condition of things in America
is contained in an article entitled "War
to the Knife," published in the Nine
teenth Century Magazine. The writer
seems to be haunted by the dread of
terrible calamities in case the people of
the United States conclude that they
are able to run their own financial af
fairs. He says:
"As the north was blind to the dan
ger of secession, so the American peo
ple have been blind to the steadily
growing danger that the federal gov
ernment may at no distant day fall
into the hands of the silverites, and
that the eastern states will then be
compelled to choose between utter ruin
and withdrawal from the Union."
f He points out that "it is to the ignor
r ant west the United States owes the
a greenback folly, the protectionist delu
sion and the silver craze," and while
t he now believes the chances for Mc
l Kinley's election are favorable, says "a
- defeat of the silverites this year sim
- ply postpones their victory for four
- brief years." In closing he says:
"That the free and unlimited coinage
of silver means the utter ruin of the
a east, goes without saying. When the
o silverites gain possession of the federal
a government, the east must submit with
I what grace it can muster to complete
e and hopeless ruin, or it must
withdraw from the Union and endeavor
e to maintain its independence by arms."
In order to allay the alarming symp
toms we hasten to assure the east that
every legitimate business in that bec
tion of the country will be benefited in
proportion as the west and south,where
their factories find a market, are bene
fited. But if there be illegitimate pur
r suite that are ruined, we do not wish to
be held responsible.
I Another hint. When the east is out
voted would be bad time for it to take
- up arms against the trained squirrel
a hunters of the south and cowboys and
miners of the west.
k Some eastern papers appear to think
a that "broad views on the coast de
y tenses and the navy" is the main is
it sue. Better focus their eye-glasses
for a distance of about 2,500 miles and
e- look westward toward the United
* States. Posibly here is .mls
rldbIl~l
THE GOLD STANDARD.
SOME ARGUMENTS USED TO
UPHOLD IT EXPOSED.
Free Colnage of sliver Weuld bemeet
Others Than Mime Owners, and In
stead of Contrseting the Money Vol
nmes, Will Eapad It.
Some of the stock arguments against
free coinage of silver are that:
"Such a course would benefit no
body but the millionaire silver mine
owner.'
And:
"Under free coinage the gold money
of the country, amounting to about
$600,000,000, would be supplanted by
'cheap silver money' and thus the cur
rency would be contracted to that ex
tent."
Let it be assumed that Senator
Stewart is one of the "millionaire
mine cwners." Under existing condi
tions the output of his mine is sent
to the market just as that much lead,
iron, copper or other commodity would
be under free coinage; his output
would be elevated from the position of
a commodity to that of a measure of
the value of all commodities. Now in
stead of being a competitor with other
commodity sellers Mr. Stewart be
comes a competitor with other com
modity buyers.
Suppose the product of one of his
e mines is sufficient in one year to coin
one hundred thousand silver dollars
and he carries the output to the mint
e and recelves for it that amount of
y money. Is he the only man benefited
by the transaction? If so, how is he
benefited? What good are the hundred
thousand dollars to him?
Under the economic conditions
which exist the world over and which
specifically apply to money, the hun
y dred thousand dollars which the mint
director would hand to Mr. Stewart
would be, just as that many gold dol
lars would, utterly valueless intrinsic
ally and could afford him no pleasure
or enjoyment until after they had left
h his hands. Metal may be intrinsically
valuable but money cannot be. Money
Is a creature of law. Metal is a pro
t duct of nature. Law may transfer but
it cannot create value and the thing
that happened when Mr. Stewart had
his bullion coined was the transfer of
the value of the silver as metal for
r. its value as money. Now having his
hundred thousand dollars instead of
w his former silver ore what will he do
P with them? Until he meets somebody
I- in possession of a "demand" for dol
)r lars his money will do him no earthly
n good but will remain in his hands
1e simply as so much dead matter. The
m minute that he comes across such a
n person that minute he finds one whose
is wants he can supply and who can re
ig ciprocally benefit him by employing
his money to advantage.
Is it not plain then that instead of
free coinage benefiting no one but the
millionaire mine owner, It not only
benefits others but it can not benefit
the mine owner until it does benefit
others. The common mistake of those
who argue differently is in the fact
that they consider money an end in
stead of a means to an end. It is not
money that people want, it is what
money, under the law, will buy that
everybody wants. If Mr. Stewart didn't
know this he would not have his bul
lion coined into money, because as
o money it would be without value, oth
ly erwise, while as bullion it would be
of value in the arts and sciences. Mr.
11 Stewart's hundred thousand dollars
Id would be worthless to him until he put
) them into circulation, and then they
n would benefit others as much as that
amount of gold dollars, or diamond
r- dollars, if there was such a thing
we would, and the chance of others get
a- tling dollars in exchange for their pro
le ducts would be increased to the extent
c- to which they increased the amount of
'a money in circulation.
a- Now consider the other point, that
Ir about free coinage contracting the cur
rency through the displacement of
m gold by silver money.
ae Let it be granted that the metal in
ae the gold money will be so much more
al valuable than the money in the silver
a metal that gold money will not circu
te late alongside of the silver money, the
t question is what will become of it?
or Over what route will It "disappear?"
SThese are plain, practical questions
ani they deserve a plain, practical 'n
Suppose John Smith is a banker in
e- one of our interior towns, or sea-coast
towns for that matter, who happens
to have among his assets gold money
" to the value of $10,000. Mr. Smith, be
- ing a banker, knows what money is
and how to employ it to get other
money. He likewlise knows the differ
Sence between money and commodities
ke and is well posted, as a role, in the
el value of commodities, especially such
ad he comes in contact with in his
line of business-bonds, mortgages,
etc.
ak Now suppose free colnage is adopted
le- and the value of hth gold money in
is- creased thereby from its $10,000 money
e value to $15,000 bullion value, what
ad will he do about it? If he is like most
ed bankers, which of course he is, he will
ag not particularly and earnestly object
t thMs tarnM. ahe M ws t stea.
He may publicly grit his teeth In well
feigned anger and talk glibly abo.it
the horrors that is to follow upon this
adoption of "cheap money" and the
contractltm of the currency that will
certainly follow in the taking of gold
money out of the channels of trade.
He may do all this and much more.
publicly-bankers are such cute fel
lows, you know-but secretly he will
certainly do something indicating a
radically different belief from that
which he chooses to express in public.
Bankers, more than any other class of
business men, have a holy horror of
"dead capital," and that is exactly
what Mr. Smith's $15,000 worth of gold
bullion would be. More than that he
would know at once that the "prem
ium" on his gold would never be high
er than it was when the silver policy
of the government was first adopted,
but, on the cdntrary, must steadily
and rapidly fall as the people realised
that it was not needed in their busi
ness. What would follow? As natur
ally as day follows night and harvost
follows seed-time it follows that Mr.
Smith, even while publicly gritting his
teeth and bewailing "cheap money,"'
would secretly be looking for the best
market in which to dispose of his
"dead capital." And when he had die
posed of It, at the premium supposed
above, instead of having 10,000 gold
dollars or $15,000 worth of gold bullion
he would have $15,000 in live capital
to use in his business, and his our
rency, instead of being contracted,
would be expanded to the extent of
$5.000.
But perhaps some reader may not
understand how this "valuable" gold
money could ever become "dead capi
tal" and would like to hare that point
further explained. "Dead capital" Is
the term usually applied to property
which pays no income. Mr. Smith's
$10,000 In gold would pay no income
because he couldn't afford to lend it
to Tom, Dick and Harry at the usual
banking rate of interest and Tom,
Dick and Harry could not afford to
pay any higher rate of interest for the
gold money than for silver money be
cause they could not use it in their
business so as to recoup themselves for
the excess. One of Mr. Smith's $10
gold pieces wouldn't buy an ounce
more of sugar, coffee, or tea or a yard
more of calico, muslin or denims, or
pay a cent more of debt than ten silver
dollars would. Hence it follows that
Mr. Smith's $10,000 in gold would be
"dead" from sheer excess of "fat,"
as it were. "Their blood would be too
rich" to mingle with that of proletar
iat silver, and however aristocratic
and" exclusive the banker himself may
be you can rest assured that the "dol
lar" he is after is the one that is not
too aristocratic to circulate among the
plebian producers. For this reason
Mr. Smith would convert his dead bul
lion into live money as speedily as
possible.
If the $600,000,000 worth of gold sid
to be in circulation in this country,
could be disposed of on the came
terms, instead of its disappearance
contracting our volume of money it
would be Increased to $900,000,000.
The Lestieao of BelL
Hon. Francis A. Walker, In his ad
dress at the annual meting of the
bimetallic league held in Loadon, July
13, 1996. said:
"Were the city of London to give its
consent, bimetallism might at once be
established on a broad and enduring
basis. Of all the vast expanse of the
globe, one square mile alone blocks the
way to the adoption of a world's
money as wide as the world's trade.
The veto of this city rests upon a
monetary policy which has approved
itself by long and beneficent operation;
a monetary policy, the economic valid
ity and practical efaelency of which
have been admitted with absolute
uIanimity by the most distinguished
commisesion which since the great In
quests 'on the bank charter, fifty sad
t sixty years ago, has been assembled in
this country-a monetary polley whlih
the nations of the earth never needed
so greatly as today."
Behold the nations of the globe bow
Sing in humble submission to the de
cree of a den of thieves one mile
square. How long, oh, Lord, how lonag
Swill great nations cling to their nura
ing bottles?
Western men snow more about the
Seast than eastern men know about the
west. The western man is cosmo
1 politan, the eastern man provInciaL
t Most of the western men came orgi
Snally from the (ast, they have do
Sveloped a new empire and grown them
selves intellectually-while the man
· planted in an eastern pot has been
r dwarfed and deprived of sunsblne sad
Srain-yet the east is shocked at ;he
S"'Ignorance" of the west.
h Pawnbrokers thrive best when the
s people are "broke" and have to borrow
, money. That is why the money-lan
era want money to be scarce. Whem
c the people are out of debt, the money
- loaners are compelled to economliae oa
y their turtle soup and champagne.
t The query now with sound mosey
II democrats is. which ticket they wlU
4 vote, for McKinle o er .t 9er ,
L. i0W*arr l~5W