LOUISIANA 1'CrlIZT .
I ItsI EA. NM1a w2. 4 .;:
C'hu"ch t ravie.
S'1rvie·cm" at ith'e 'M tlhmli t llihureh evrr
irv Fir-t ant: TI'lirl Suuohty :,t 11 a. nt..
Ial 7:3) 1. i. m.. y the 1 'a,4t,,r. II, W
Itiekr. l'ra:','r Ii ' 'tiiin . ry W einlm"
da.y it ht at 7.0 ap. In1
1:AI'Ir--ML. V. Wea'v r, ,:i.m r. lg
I:r  r e's . meilit l :iani, fI.1t iit It 1 l i\
11 a in.. :anl S. '.p. ll n ali S,,1h. . 10
. nl.: Ir:yw , r tl"m iln , l~ W eI 1i-t . .ivl, i p.
1t1 All im itelii
'hlminix 1 .,1, N.. :;, A. . 1 & A. M.
/. . I ia ti"n. W .M. . 1.('. 'I 0 1 1. me.
,ld ev t . Ii l t :aj m ,l 1h i~i l W\V - hd"ile 1.'. a , a t 7
( autl Hall N'. I, K ightti of i'ythlie
- J.. E. lrd- ,, ('. '.; Ad.liph m l 'mhI ris,,n,
K. of It. S. Mr.tuis r ud il and lurthIi
Thuri ,am ii. at ti p. Il
n ir..1. II. Norrmani haI adtlhd
to his tirst tl;C,.s lstatlliant t (Cy
press' .ln ctiitln, (1. A:r1, I t in. n t
frr) oia Fointtiain, where aill
sjort: of soft drinks can he had on
Mr. Normand still runs the' City
Ilntel in NathitohhhE, hickh has
hit nole of its pIlnularity.
J. I. CARRIIOLL,
Watchmaker & Jeweler,
ia s just returned to Natchitoches,
and is pirepar.d i t !o f irst !'htss
work, prices to suit the times.
The second of tlhe series of
base-iiMll gantn 1metw en the
Natchitoches Kids and ('anlpti
Stars, was Iulayed at Canipiti
last Sunday, iand resulted in the
defeat ot tl,e Kids by a score
of 216 to 21.
For Kale or Trade.
Asgoxxl as new, l$1)I Monirch
Bicycle, either for trade or sale
cheap. Apply to
T. T. TESSIER,
or at this oflice. miS.
Tailoring.
Now is your time to have your
clothes renewed by IKE MOSE:,
the Tailor, next door to the La.
Populist office. All work guaran
to al. Satidaction or no pay.
Popular with the Republicans.
The okl reliable Texas & Pacific
Railway will be the Popular Route
for the Great National Republican
Convention at St 'Louis ommenc
ina June 16. No effort will be
spared to pruvkte for the comfort
f all who as thbis line. Special
trlul will beran; with elegant (lay
coaches and chair ears; and Pull
an. Palace Bleepers; and you
will be wise to send in your name
now '"r seessary accommodation
as tie attendance promises to be
the I rgest for any ConventioU
yet . held.
Takets will be sold via the Tex
a & Pacile Railway at one lowest
limited Grst class fare for the round
trip, on 1ss 18th, 14th, and 15th,
ood Bill Ja S~ls, 18.
roll as ae, est Texas & Pa
G. P. AT. A.,
Dallas, Tear .
Ailm Romp, La.-About 11
tered t nazom of Mr. J. W. Free
e Ad . Natbstoc ts ipr
bottm a. f aoM watch sad lchan,
sembe m ol mbtio Lby
S9h Ilih a Mir elsetiom, mmd
*...smL .m -
 -i' . 4 a'. ,,
%hatit Ponpu.,!!"l RIa'pr "t'::F'ati e.
hoo t.; to 'what eoriit 'Ii ie
petriued by the PoIpuli-t n,utbers
of the legislature. Let our read
ers p)ut no faith in any statnments
they seet in that press, until they
know the act has been done. The
oblject of these false assertions is
to remove thle baickin,. of their
_ c(instituents fro'i our "r(.presenta
lives and they know that nothing
will do( this quicker than reportl
that they are going, to vote ag:ainist
their priniii les. It is trulce that
the c,mnlhined vote of the Populits
and Ielbtilienns can not elect ai
nman for Senator. but the votes of
both the-e fa'ition-, ill Ic ecnl for
a free silver man as long ais there
is any .ense in doing thiat, ait
when the final vote is cast, it will
I he in the selection of a nman who
is leapt dangerous to the tpeople.
IBy a continued stand for any one
man on the question of free silver,
and leaving the settlement of who
shall riepresent Louisiana in the U.
S. Stntte entirely to the enemies
of honest government, we can gain
nothing, but by casting a solid vote
either one way or the other, we
can get the least of two evils.
There is a dilterence even xbetween
two I )nmoctrals. and that difference
F should he im,,sured when the final
result is to be reached. Our men
ishould -t:and togetiher and cast their
i votes for the man who will come
nearest viviui us what we want,
no matter whether lie hie Demo
trait or Relulblican, as we cannot
elect a Populist. We have good
and true leaders among our men
and we believe they will council
for the best. They are on the field
of battle and know all the manu
vers of the enemy and their ad
vice will be better and wiser than
any that can bIe given from home.
We have honest and true men to
represent us and no matter what
course they pursue, it will be for
the best interests of the people ac
cording to the lights before them
and their capacity to understand
the situation. J. A. T.
Ed. Populist :
Dear bir :-Have you seen that
the States of last Saturday has
honored me by putting my name
in its editorial columns ? I t':ink
there is is yet some chance for me
to become prominent in the poli
tics ot this State. Four yiars azo
it abused me because I was sup
Iorting Foster, now it is after'me
because I am not. It is really dis
tressing to a kindly disposed per
son like myself that I can not please
the dear old States. It oompli
ments me by giving me pet names,
ani advertises free of charge that
I am a constitutional place hunter,
like Judge Gunby. Well, I'll
"ber-damned," I knew I was a
mall briar in the bed of some'
Democrats, but had no idea that I
was big enough a thorn to be class
edwith Gunby. I am proud of
the company the States assigns me
to, and hope the "big three" will
never be invited back into the ranks
of as clever a set of scoundrela as
ever scuttled a ship, or robbed a
hearost.
We hope that now sinae the
doors are opened, all repentant
Populists will return to the old
ot and sit on the lower ple,
while throe who have never left
will sit on thors above. ¶i should
be idmsamded o them uatil they
are thoroughly parged of oil po
lit l crankism, an4 until the
whitewash on their beaks is hard
ened suealciently to entitled them
to be roosters of the upper tier.
oespestally,
J. A. TETTS.
#em a not nderstand how it
Sba expected that the people'
with poor oppormaities for mortl
teai m eam be expeted to re
piet the rghb e propervty, when
ths IaF' who se to decide the
, I. t ay ua M theitr
.qitb.e. ~d'- • .lk.
r obiuefe are omgi
iss aut.
7 R `-'
r 'e . ::- I .i. .ve it is the fir-t i
flCºlr i tli- :ir: : ,,I 'of t11e cotiit: :tV
al 1 n , u ,uI.M:owlt'd,'e t:at this i
is the first I ever wrote for priit, a
"'t I am in hopes it will not find
its way to the w,:,ste h.,sket. I
S\'e have had a ~lent!le refreshin.'
shower to-d.ivy, einoughi to moit.cn
the vriond, and now the s:in has
c tie < ut to 1lring forth tihe lni)ny
tlinrs that are sleepin. Plt-s
pects were never more tlat tering
for a gt al crop; farmers lokl
bri ht :t1:4 snt ilin-. This e.oln
try, taken as a whole, has ptrihaps I
the fiiae-t farinin', .it, in the,
State. 1
I will say that one of thyi l,;-t
things we have gt is a shIool.
which runs from five to nine
monthS in the veatr ( our youngl
pmeple are fast coining to the front
under l 'the inteli.gent Ianuta2,ilt.nt
of oilr trust;voi'tliy yV tu;g teacher.
Mr. Itusca. of N:atchito'hes; words
are inttid hIuate tto the ta-k of giv
ing him the praise he deserves.
S \\'e had a very nice exhibition 1
at the close of our last three
months ; taking the ag:e and linmi- t
ted O)pportunity of our children, r
t I think th,,y did lovely, and nc
quited themselves with Iullll( lion- I
or. I would dwell on this siliject t
Slonger, but have no programnme of t
the proceedings. Long live the s
lPOPULLT. BI:L.. 1
t - I
Equal parts alum, salt., turpen
tine, coal oil. Uood to kill bed.
Iliu5s. (That's a fact.) :
Here is a recipe which is goodt
to kill gold-bugs :
Legal tender, free silver, com
i mon sense and honest voters.
The bedbug preys on hum:anity
eight hours out of twenty-four. I
t The goldbug seven days out of the
week.
Cold weather discourages the
I former ; while it increases the ap
petite of the latter.
The iedbu.g is silent and retir- 1
ing; the Bold-hug is lbistrrous
and conceited.
The bedlug was created during I
the six days, and hence must .w
the work of the Creator. The
goldbug appeared since that period,
hence he is a product of the dev
il's workshop.
The goldbug is like his creator,
he hates the truth worse than the
cIdbug hates salt and turpentine°
--G. W. Drinkard, in Nevada Di
rector. I
The State Normal School,
NATCHITOCHES. LA.
The Eleventh Annual Session will Open on
Tuesday October 1st. and continue eight
months. The Second Term will be
gin on the first Monday in rebruarv.
Age of Admission to Normal Department: 15 for Ladies and 16
for Gentlemen.
The Faculty of Fourteen able instructors gives full course of Profeo
sional Training in the Science and Art of Teaching, a nu
thorough instruction in all branches taught in the
High Schools, including Drawing, Vocal Mu
slc, Elocution, Book-keeping, alnd
Latin or French.
Location Unsurpassed for Beauty and Healthfulness.
Diploma Entitles Holder to a FIR, T
GRADE Teacher's Certificate without
Examination.
Tuition Free in Normal Department
Boani $10 per month at the Normal, $12.50 in private families.
PFon (DATAeL0r ADDr-Ke
THOS. D. BOYD. President!
I1 U. tE RY oAIEZUaX HYAMe
cNi asErmer. seryr.
Henry & Hyams,
SVR VE YORBS.
Will do work ,i this and adjoining
peles. ap drawing a specialty.
P. o: A.ddrms
.J.. C,. ry Camupti. La.
G. Ni atehitoches, La.
Jaw 21. i,
Polplub-ls:iinv it " ,i :tatt(I:d. t,
assis t aml co nI' el with ,º .
x.SAl'I.. J. HIENRY,
II. 1L. IAtIS, Chirman.
" rei tary.
Second Ballot.
111(1 to,-,d i.: lh, Gc, , r"al .\s-em -
lIy f,,r 'I ,:t. , (d State' "(nI:ltorl'.
:1il;t -I-lt :nchar'd .l, , lh 'ri,', 11,
1) 'n(-ne re :.1. M rl']n,,' :, Phair :x,'
Ila .k!aIn j:.
..........- -
The Kanses Cylone,
'Twcnt y-Ei:.rht lPerlon- Killed O(ut
right fly the Storm.
The Property Lo'. is G reat.
Kan s t'ity, Many -,.-T'rwnty
,ii,,ht killed outrihtl, ,)n , or nmore
injured, sonie of them fatally, :ahI
property loss af.rc!:..:aitin_. a 1lout
I1.,411 l,0t is no(w .,ivIn a. lllhe es
timat edl dalunie (dlne )y Sunday
night's cyclon in Marshall, N(eIna
ha and Brown counties, Kansas.
Further reports may increase these
tigures as telegraph o/mmulnict
tion with the stricken I ,ints are
still imperfet and consternation
prevails.
The dead( are di-trihbuted a fol
lows: At Seneca and neighbor
hood(. at Oneida, o; at Reserve,
5 : at Saletha, 5, and at Morrill. 4.
Seneca sutffred a p)rol)'rty (alm
age of about 3.:1 ,000 ; Frankfort,
- '1,',), ; Reserve, o 1,,11o:1 Sa
ihetha, .5(),H'0I : Morrill, $2 s,000
and thousands of dlollars' damage
was done in the country between
these towns.
Although pecuniary Ioss at
Ftankfort was great, not a life w"$s
lost there. l)estitution and des
truction meet the eye at every
owlrn, and the stricken country is
!)oweWd down with misery and woe.
Many are rendered absoluiely pen
niless, as but few of the victims
carried cyclone insurance, and ma
ny escaped with only the clothes
they wore.
Senaca, where the damage was
heaviest, havoc wrought was most
complete. E'verywhere citizens
have organized and are doing eve
rything possible for the sufferers.
Appeals for outside aid have been
issued.
If there is not a change in the
election methods in this State, there
will be a greater emnimiration
from its bordersa than will be for
the good of its revenues. People
will not remain where there is no
1; mriv I
D. C. CAUIBOOIIGH. M. H. CAMVKI.
SCARMOrOUGII & CARVER.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
Will practice in the District Courts in
the Parishes of Natchitoches, Red River
and Sabine.-md in the Supreme Court
of Louisiana, and the U. S. District and
Circuit Courts for the Western District
of Louisiana. Jan 1-17y.
eNw de ks th.  0 sm n d Whisky
habairs hae h oas em t bees a thes die
eases. iAdsmsa 5 o. f Aw l sn,_ esa, Ga.
3m N2. aM - will he sese ese.
, i C. . 7. Ir " , . .. . T.'"'. :. ,:. P N/s ')ufe JR. is Diterib
S L'ad ". *'cie:tiic. jlef iciai l 41 1n.
CAT'. rR " hE IEA3 CATAR2Ii OF THE BR3tNCHIAL TUBES.
-the r)rt T,'r(v 1. : n . f Catarrh. W rtr C .:rtib ,f lhi i( as kin'l Threat 14
and f s' l is l :,!. ", . mlt L fi. l. t ! E th ,e,( 1 it ,1= n N Dowsn the
1" the br,';th, P, , windliet Iti the ll rotc ial 'I'utub
Do you spit uI, t in, • arl i t T itr," ,\t.wk. thu I .n.s
I)o you ache all over
Do you blow up scat,- Have youn a coneh
i. your nose sto >i,,d ! Art,, you 1,,icln at l
]oe. your tnos" /ir:e.r i. l, ,: cu at u 4 ,gh
I ti ., , l n i ' he thti at ',,ur ap,.. *',n ' variable
, : ti, :. ) u v 'i -ugh unit, you .ga
I- ti . r, . ,nd : Are you l',w p riteidat time:
Do v -n .. . I , " . r , i. thy mat,,rial
I= - , . r, :.iI rt V -u. s it ut , vrll,,w m :tter
L 11 . .  a t . l y'.v u ,:oieh ' , ,,n ,itg to bed
I. t urt p ,`. Ito 1 ",1 ; cugl 111 the m-rrin
it, , 1,, k f h l Is yur c'ou h i- t awl hacking
! . u,,,:1 - , ,- ,, " , .. lhe vi: ],,, Vn,; .},it ul, iit;1, "erý: lum p.
S 'u a l,: .t Is there a ti kltii bellin,! the pal
- ti ral:" , ,' i " t . l: , ate
tt,e ti't ,i v ''I th,, v,,,.rnutiu! D'1 you feel riu ..rc :ironi: weaker
Arey v ,. ' v,,Iur 1,.n . u t: o Is t'he, a ,uirningrp:i, in thu, thrat
] you sou s p ," with 'u' r i .uth .nlen i)o 3 iu (ougl, ulnht a:ld :uornlui
J)cs your tjS, stop up towards Do you have to sit up at night to
fight breath
CATARRN OF THE KIDNEYS.
CATARRH OF THE EARS.
Catarrh of the Kidneys Ieilctl Ether
Catarrh Ext it a irnm I., 'Tl'hroat Alonn from ('o',dn or from Overw, rk of the
theEustacing 'l'nTubws i to the Ears Kidneys in Separating fr m the Blood
Causing De nctive Iearirg, tl:e Poi-)u± that Have lih-en Absorbed
Is your heanina failing from Catarrh of Other U:gan-.
Do your ears ,lisclhare Is the skin pale and di y
Are the ears dry an1 s.lly D, the legs feel too heavy
Do the ears itch ani Lurn Is the skin dry andl hlit ,l
Have you pain behind the ears Is the hair dry and brittle
Is there a throbbing in the ears Has the skin a waxy look
Are you gradually cetting deaf Are the.y cold ani clammy
Is there a buzzing aunind heard Do the joints pain and ache
Do you have ringing in the ears Is there nauseat after eating
Are there crackling sounds heard Is there a pain in the small of the
Is your hearing bad cloudy days back
Do you constantly hear noises in the Is the ur'n dark tand, clouly 4
ear t Are the eyes dull and staring
Do you hear better some days than Do your hands and feet swell
others Has the perspiration a bad odor
Do the noises in your ears keep you Have you a pain in top of head
awake Is there puffiness under the eyes
When you blow you nose do the la there a desire to get up at night
ears crack Does a deposit form when left stand
Is your hearing worse when you ing
have a cold Have you a chilly feeling down the
CATARRH OF TH!LIVER. back
c A Do you see spots floating before the
SThe Liver Is Affeeted by Catarrh Through eyes? . ..
the Disease Extendiag from the Stem- Catarrh of the head, throat, bron
Sache into the Tubesof the Liver. chial tubes and ears are all directly
Are you irritable the result of germ or microbe life
Are you nervous living minute lice---and the same can
Do you get dizy - be removed with the only germ killer
you get di n r on earth ; the only germ killer that is
1)o you feelmisera ble harmless to human beings, Swamp
Is your memory poor Angel Medicine.
Do yon get tired easily
I your eyesight blurred Liver Pil
Have you a pain in the back "r
Can't you explain where
SDiseased liver or catarrh of the Swamp Angel Liver Pills act with the
t liver can be quickly and permanently greatsst ase- and the kIast Irritation. Be
cured by using a pint bottle of Swamp sure you take no suhstitute. Small box,
Angel Medicine in connection with a 10 cets. large box 25 cents, by mall. I.
. 96-cent box of Swamp Angel Pills. SPWa:EAL PnICa, "
l Takhe no substitute, there can b no0 it ir t-eitit . the holderto
embtitute for Swamp Angel Prepara-e Half pt Swamp Angel Med. for$ 0 50
ta. " O" ptt. for 100
You should not le: your druggist T2 d sw'l Isor 6e 04le
iyor2oe alpifo500deceive you by saying they are frauds G pis, g 2 5o
simly because he has not got them in do pts. 4
o . Address naus or any wholesale drug
r See that he "get Swamp Angel company. Bwam Sael Ned. Co.
C Medicnme.
SFor Sale in matehiloches by Mc. K. HOLSTON.
The New Livery,
FEED AND SALE STABLES.
WALTER SCOTT, Proprietor.
(McilOLSTON'S OLD STAND, CIIUlCII STREET,)
NATCIlIITUCIIIES, LA.
A full line of New BUGGIES, HACKS atnd Druunera' WAG
ONS. Fresh IHt)RSES for Saddle or Teamin.
Lots of FEED and aunple actnuodations for Stock.
BUSS meets all trains. anul .alia at any place in city for you. j3,
THlE LEADING
FURNITURE
HOUSE, SOUT1f.
We tarry the largest and hIest lhet
ed stock of any leading house in theq
South. With low ronts, sIIaill exelnses
and (conomnical condntt of our l)inEsi.s,
can undersell any othlr reliable house
in New Orleans.
IF needing Furniture, send for o
*rldsFypE R large 141 ,ag illustrated Catal,,gue,
de .a $ .59 We will save you foney.
:tWoeS, jabbedallxt~ent h WeuF
Cemntry. wtsh eO,.*, for
B. J. MONTGOMrRY Iurniture (e.. Lt'cl.
fUATP anld POVYDR.A, ,&. .YNs (trlianit,