LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS.
VOL I. NATCII I TOC ES, LOUISIANA, FRII)AY, MAY. 2. 1895. NO. 37.
IS ANOTHER SELL.
BLAND AND BRYAN tSSUE
MANIFESTO.
Stiek to the Old Party and Pat a free
1Slver Plank in the rlatform
Blatherskltes Endeavoring to Dope the
People.
Messrs. Bland and Bryan have re
sently started one of the cheekiest
political moves that has been fathered
by any set of political nondescripts
since the birth of the devil. It is for
the democrats to stay in the old party
and try to select delegates to the next
National Democratic convention that
will force the adoption of a free silver
plank in the platform. Then what?
They had an expression on silver in
their last platform which Messrs.
Bland and Bryan and nearly every
other speaker in the political cam
paign of 1892, said meant free silver.
Mr. Bland, in a speech in the house
August 11, 1893 (Congressional Rec
ord, special session, page 252), said:
"We voted the ticket in good faith;
we expected that the platform would
be carried out as was promised-that
we would have tariff revision, and that
when we came to the money question
it would be regulated according to the
Chicago platform, that we should have
free coinage of silver, which in itself
would destroy this makeshift. But lo
and behold, we find that we were
tricked, that we were deceived. And
I use that language advisedly."
Mr. Bryan, in a speech in the house,
August 16, 1893 (Congressional Record,
special session, page 410), said:
"The last platform pledges us to the
use of both metals as standard money
and to the free coinage of both metals
at a fixed ratio. Does any one believe
that Mr. Cleveland could have been
elected president upon a platform de
claring in favor of the unconditional
repeal of the Sherman law? Can we
go back to our people and tell them
that, after denouncing for twenty years
the crime of 1873, we have at last ac
cepted it as a blessing? Shall bimet
allism receive its death blow in the
house of its friends, and in the very
hall where innumerable vows have
been registered in its defense? What
faith can be placed in platforms if their
pledges can be violated with impu
nlty'"
This Is what Messrs. Bland and
Bryan said with regard to the demo
cratic platform adopted at Chicago in
1892. They said that that platform
meant free silver. They insisted that
no other construction could be placed
upon it. On that platform, declaring
as they said, for free silver, they both
went into the campaign and worked
for the democratic party. They led the
people "as sheep to the slaughter" and
their party "through a slaughter
house to an open grave."
Mr. Bland, in the same speech from
which we quote above, said:
"My God, shall we do such a thing as
that? (demonetize silver.) Will you
crush the people of your own land and
send them abroad as tramps? Will you
kill and destroy your own industries,
and especially the production of your
precious metals that ought to be sent
abroad everywhere? Will you do this
simply to satisfy the greed of Wall
street-a mere agent of Lombard
street? e * e Any political party
that undertakes it will, in God's name,
be trampled, as it ought to be trampled,
into the dust of condemnation, now
and in the future. Speaking as a dem
ocrat, all of my life battling for what
I conceived to be democracy and what
I conceived to be right, I am yet an
American above democracy. I do not
intend, we do not intend, that any
party shall survive, if we can help It,
that will lay the cenflcating hand up
on America in the interest of England
or of Europe. Now, mark it, this may
be strong language, but heed it. The
people meam it, and, my friends of
eastern demcracey, we bid you farewell
when yeou do that thing. Now, you can
take your own choice of sustaining
America against England, American
interests and American laborers and
producors, or you can go out of power.
We hae come to the parting of the
ways. I do not pretend to speak for
anybody but myself and my constit
uents, but I believe I do speak for the
great masses of the great Missisippl
Svalley when I say that we will not sub
mit to the dominaltion of any political
party, however much we may love It,
that lays the eerlcaing hand upon ail
ver sad will demonettse it In this comu
try.
"Gentlemen, yeou cannot hold the
democratic party together on that line.
Yeo enamet pledge yourselves to bl
metallism ain your party and ignore
It In your leglslation. We pledge our
selves ia the first place to tariff reform,
and the people had a right to expect
u to deal with that first. In my pmrt
of the country we were told to let aB
vetr alone; that we already had a law
eon that snbject. They said to aus: "Do
not disturb that question, but take up
the tariff; we are unilted on the tariff;
letaus take up the tarifr and reform and
reduce it; the tarlfR is doing us great
Injury; let us attend to that fgrst.' \WeO
Sthought that declaration was sincere
and we thought the frst thing to be
taken up was the repeal of ibe Mc
2alaIe ilL * * * I be l, o wra
not latadd b r estn Demberl e
j 3
'/
1 '
S.-I
A VAIN EFFORT.
Thbls Country Will Never e Proerreof Agalan Until Sliver I Restored FPall and mnllmlted Colaeeg
. . . . . . . .. . . . . . . .. .
friends that tariff reform should be
considered first, but their main, it not
their sole, gbject was to put their
hands upon silver and demonetize it
and let tariff reform take care of itself
afterwards. And here we are just in
that situation. Reduce the tariff 25
per cent, yet make money in gold25per
cent more valuable, the tariff remains
as great a burden as ever. It takes the
same quantity of wheat, corn, pork and
cotton to pay it as before. Now I tell
you I am not going to submit to t.
You may pass your bill and do these
things; but ift you do we are going to
cut loose from you. You may go ahead,
but you will never trick us again.
Do not charge me with being a radical
or a fanatic,or with indulginglnthreats.
I speak the sentiment of the masses
.I would not say it if it were not true.
You propose to remit us to the demon
etizing act of 1873, which in all my
section of the country the democratic
party on every stump has denounced
as the monumental fraud of the nine
teenth century Here is a democratic
house proposing to go right back to
that act. When you do so you will be
guilty of a greater fraud than that act
itself. I speak advisedly when I say
that if the democratic party, after all
the pledges it has made in regard to
silver in its platforms, national and
state, should take the country back to
its condition under the act of 1873. you
will have consummated the monumen
tal fraud of the nineteenth century,
because we never expected much from
Mr. Sherman or his party; they never
made many promises, as we have."
Now these two men, and others of
their gild, are issuing manifestos and
making speeches to prevent the peo
ple from doing what they threatened
to do themselves and bad not the cour
age to do. In the language of Mr.
Bryan, "What faith can be placed in
platforms if their pledges can be vio
lated with impunity."
Why should the democratic party
be trusted again? Suppose there are
enough delegates is the convention to
foree the adoption of a free silver
plank in the platform? What better
guarantee have we got that they will
carry out the pledges they make than
we had the pledges made in 18l2?
Messrs Bland and Bryan are a pair of
political blatherskites, condemned by
the words of their own mouths, and
they should not be trusted any fur
ther. They are no more honorable
than the party they represent. They
are demagogues of a dangerous kind
their avowed object is, to lead honest
voters into another trap.
The People's party platform of Tex
as contained thirty-one planks, yet
the boys down there managed to stand
on it and poll more votes than any
other state.
Dr. Talmage is praying for forgive
ness for the Pifty-third congres for the
damage it did the ppsple of this oesa
try. He hs a lr s3 e u h d bad.
A STARTLING BOAST.
BOND ISSUE CANNOT BETTER
THE SITUATION.
Government Osletal Have Been Like
Clay in the Hands of the Morgaa
Botheeblld Syndlcate- We Are the
saves of This "Push.'
The following from Matthew Mar
shall, the Wall street financier, con
firms the truth that the arch-conspir
ators of two continents have been at
work to rob and enslave the people of
the United States.
"Not the least gratifying circum
stances attending the success of the
new loan, is to me, its confirmation of
my often expressed favorable estimate
of J. Pierpont Morgan's financial abil
ity. In the hands of the experienced
and skillful negotiator our govern
ment omclals seemed to have been like
clay in the hands of the potter and it
is a question whether it would not be
worth while to employ them at any
salary they asked to manage the na
tional finances, instead of the politi
cians now charged with the duty.
Naturally the immense profits upon
the loan which, at the present quota
tions are assured to Messrs. Morgan,
Belmont and their associates, have
excited much hostile comment, both
upon them and upon the government.
That bonds which were purchased at
104% should within a week eagerly
demand in the neighborhood of 120,
does indeed show that the terms of the
transaction were highly favorable to
the purchasers; but to this it may be
announced, first, that as I have said,
government, being in dire straits, had
to take whatever price was offered it,
and second, that congress, if it had so
chosen, might have authorised a 6 per
cent gold bond upon which no such
premium could have accrued as has
accrued upon the coin fours. When,
too, it is considered that only sixteen
years ago these same 4 per cents were
sold by the hundreds of millions of dol
lars at 99% to a favored syndicate of
New York bankers, in which the secre
tray of the treasury was accused of
being interested, and that, ten years
thereafter the government itself was
buying them back at 130 or thereabouts,
the profits on this recent purchase of
$62,400,000 at 104% shrink into insig
nificance. That, with shrewder men to
manage the transaction on its behalf,
and with legislation to support it, the
government might, under every dis
advantage, have got a higher price than
it did, is possible: but it has not com
mitted an unprecedented blunder.
A heavier accusation awaits the ad
ministration, when, as is probable,
even this shall have demonstrated not
only that it has made a disadvanta
geous contract with the buyers of the
bonds, but that the transaetls has
merely postponed without averting the
catastrophe of a suspesin ofat gold
panymet which it was intesded to »
vent. At present everybody almost
takes it for granted that this recent
loan is the last one that will be re
quired, and that henceforth the con.
tinuance of gold redemption is assured
beyond question. I am not so sure of
this, and I fear that the general ex
ultation over our apparent safety is
premature, as was the exultation i.
1893 over the supposed final settlement
of the silver controversy.
Unless the national revenues shal.
henceforth equal the national expend.
Itures so that all the legal tenders re
deemed in gold can be held in the
treasury and thus effect a contraction
of the currency, the same peril of a
suspension of gold payments from
which we have three times in a little
more than a year been rescued by a
sale of t ads, will eventually recur
for a fourth time and then no fourth
bond sale may be possible. If, too, the
agitation in this country in favor of
silver should continue, not only will
foreign investors continue to sell their
other American securities, but they
will return those same new govern
ment bonds which they have just pur
chased to so large an amount In the
London market. I regret to see a dis
position evinced in many quarters to
treat the abandonment last week by
the silver senators of Senator Jones'
free coinage bill and of Senator Wol
cott's free silver resolution as a proof
of the weakness of the cause of silver
in congress. On the contrary, the pre
liminary votes taken on Senator Jones'
bill very clearly showed that a major
ity of the senate were favorable to it.
That they refrained from forcing iti
through at once demonstrates no more
than that they were not willing to risk
the delay of the appropriation bills and
a consequent extra session. After the
4th of March they will be still stronger
in numbers and nobody can say with
certainty that a majority of the new
house of representatives will not join
with them in legislating for free silver.
If so, there will stand between the coun
try and a free silver coinage act, noth
ing but President Cleveland's veto.
Moaey of the World.
Few people ever consider the fallaec
o: the expression, "money that's good
all over the world." There is
no such money, never was
nor never will be, until natlhAs disap
pear and the world unites in a govern
ment of and for the people. A Texaa
congressman in explaining why he wae
opposed to silver, recently said: "1
only favor a dollar that is reoog
nised and worth its face value the worlk
over, and I believe that we and the
Central and South American republic
cannot bring that about." The
Texas Mercury commenting oa
the same makes a standing odeRr e
$1,000 for any such dollar. It's no blhu
There is no such a dollar. Dollars are
the areation of law. There is no law
that is universal and there is ae doflas
that Is "worth its face value the wsdt
em.o--I M n pr
I WANTS TO KNOYW.
RISES TO A QUESTION OF
PRIVILEGE.
After the Fight Is Over-Then What?
Asks That Great Populist Paper. the
American Nonconformist-Some Timely
Interrogations.
Suppose the money question was set
tiled in exact accordance with the pro
gram laid down in the address of the
bimetallic league? Does any one con
tend that this would end the agitation
and satisfy the demand for reform?
Would that satisfactorily dispose of the
trust evil? Would Ilavemeyer cease to
buy the taxing power to be :sed for
his exclusive benefit? Would Hunting
ton stop his Pacific railroad lobby and
quit buying congressmen to do his
bidding? Would the courts suddenly
become honest and quit making law
that I. not on the statute books? Would
the problem between labor and capital
be solved? Would the whisky trust
discharge Dan Voorhees and cease from
troubling? Would the land question
find itself suddenly settled? Would the
oppressions growing out of our trans
portation system no longer vex shippers
and producers? Would all the evils of
the competitive system vanish immedi
ately and the necessity for demanding
municipal control of public utilities no
longer press for consideration? Would
"the armed camp of commerce" dis
solve and the thousand and one com
bines no longer concoct schemes to cor
ner the markets? Would the Judge
Woodses quit rendering decisions that
put workingmen in jail for organizing
for self-protection and the railroad
magnates into big offices for doing the
same? Would alien ownership of our
lands by foreign lords and ladies, and
the reduction of our farmers to peasant
tenantry, need no further discussion?
Would the corruption of our politics by
partisan committees, suppression of
suffrage by force and fraud, counting
In of those not elected and counting
out of those elected, become merely un
pleasant remembrances and not present
freight and charge all equally for the
same kind of service? Would they quit
defying the laws? Will rascally alder
men in the cities abstain from selling
public franchises to private corpora
tions and putting the money Into their
pockets instead of into the treasury?
Will the free pass nuisance, by which
congressmen and legislators are brought
to disregard the welfare of the people
and enact legislation in the interest of
corporations, no longer be a crying evil
that needs suppressing? Will Wall
street for once in its ITfe commence be
having and no more attempt to rule ad
ministrations and congresses? Will
Rothschild retire from business on this
continent and the hooked nose and
"three balls" no longer be our national
trademark? Will Pierpont Morgan
and "my law partner" make no more
secret contracts with the secretary of
the treasury? Will Ickelheimer & Co.
take down their sign? Will the Pacific
railroad let go their grip on California
and surrounding states? Will the Stand
ard Oil company and other monied
kings quit buying legislatures? Will
Gdrman, Brice and Elkins dissolve
partnership with the trusts and com
mence legislating for the people? Will
the Nicaragua deal be dropped, con
gress quit voting bounties to sugar
planters, and grabs be kept out of ap
propriation bills? Will favoritism stop
and all accept and act on the fundamen
tal principle of Populism, "equal rights
to all and special privileges to none?"
In short, will the millennium be here
and nothing remain but to put on our
wings and sail off to the New Jerusa
lem? As Mr. Toots would say, we
only ask for information?-Non-Con
formist.
Is It Really 1 rue?
"How much did Grover Cleveland
make in the last bond deal?" is a ques
tion being openly asked all around the
country, and with an emphasis that
will admit of no doubt in the minds of
those asking the question as to their
belief that the president of the United
States actually shared in the profits
of the syndicate who took the bonds
and in a few days resold them again
at a gain of over eighty millions of
dollars. Whether Grover Cleveland
had any share in this deal or not may
sever be known, but the circumstances
attending the negotiations of the sale,
the secrecy attending it, the parties at
interest, and the fact that the small
premium obtained is less than munici
*al bonds often command, together with
their immediate sale at a very much
higher premium, can have no other
effect than to leave the suspicion in
.he minds of many people that even
3rover Cleveland was unable to resist
:emptation.
It is not enough to say that partisan
ism or political prejudice prompts this
suspiclon. The president of the ~Jnlted
3tates 'should be above suspicionbut
}rover Cleveland-unfortunately,.is
oLt The characteristics of the man
are against him. Dame Rumor has
busled herself more about this man's
private character, his social life, his
kabits and inner Ilife, than any man
that has ever filled the presidential
uhair, and if one-half the stories afloat
--told sub rosa-are true, then is he
lully capable of sharng Ia the profits
Sthat bon deal.
NOTES AlND COMMENT.
Good horse are selling In Kansas,
Nebraska, and portions of Missouri for
$210, some fair animals bringing no
Imore thar, $1L. Well, unless men learn
to vo', right th.ese conditions will con
tinu,.
At Williamsport, Ind., an election
was held recently and out of 292 votes
polled the Populists had a majority
and elected their entire ticket. Straws
of this kind show which way the po
I litical winds are blowing down east.
Why are the labor strikes as a rule
failures? Because capitalists well
know that behind each laborer stands
a hungry man or woman ready to take
the place of the striker, as has been
proven by every strike in the past ten
years. It would seem that in time la
boring men would learn the futility of
labor strikes and try the ballot as a
remedy.
As a wedding present George Gould
gave his sister Anna, who married the
French count, a coronet set with dia
monds, that cost $40.000. On the day
of Anna's brilliant wedding four
deaths were reported ton the city of
New York caused by starvation. Is
this a Christian land? What are the
preachers and Christian people think
ing about anyway?
The school children in many of the
large cities are being taught the use
of arms and the armories are being
turned over to them in the afternoons
for military drill. Many church organ
izations have companies of cadets.
Why all this? Do you see anything
in the signs of the times? Will you
longer vote for systems that recognise
the necessity of educating boys in
knickerbockers to shoot down their
fellow men?
Bank officials stole over $25.000,000
last year. If we had postal savings
or government banks not a dollar, per
haps, would have been stolen and cer
tainly not a dollar lost to the deposit
ors. Why have we not government
banks? Because we have too many
foolish people who would rather be
robbed by bankers than to g've up
their old parties.
One of the meanest and most arbi
trary monopolies in this country and
about which there is the least said is
the telegraph monopoly. What a bless
ing it would be and how many people
would be benefited if the telegraph
lines were owned by the government.
Thousands of printers and repo,'telz
now out of employment would soon
fin,l employment. Every town of i ('00
or more population could have one or
m.,m c'ally papers, with the latast dis
patches, which would create a deua; d
for more printers, reporters, and edi
toial writers, besides creating a doe
mand for more paper and printing ma
terial. Best of all, it would destroy a
mJioopoly that does more to foster and
sustain all other monopolies than t,.,y
other element in this country. A e
can have government ownership of tel
egraphs just as soon as the peools get
sense, eioungh to vote for it.
Reports from San Francisco say that
not cnly have errors and bad wo-k.
manship frcm repairs to the crtlser
Boston and the gunboat Benningt m
teen laid bare, but that rumors are
nllozr. tj show that the warships Ph1:
adelphia, Yorktown, and Olympia are
practically useless in case necessity
should demand their usefulness. How
can things be considered different in a
government reeking with rottenness
from center to circumference?
J. M. Ashton, chief attorney for the
Northern Pacific railway in the state
of Washington, has been elected a
brigadier general of militia. This is
according to the eternal fitness of
things. In filling the United States
senate with railway attorneys and
large stockholders it is evident that
trouble is looked for and hence they
are making tin soldiers of some of
them to serve them in that capacity.
According to the Inter-state com
merce commission report for the year
ending June 30, 1898, the railway earn
ings over operating expenses for that
year were $392,830,575, and the Income
from corporate Investments was $149,
649.615. making a total Income above
operrting expenses of $542,483,190. It
we had government ownership of rall
ways this more than a half billion dol
lars would have been a clear profit, but
of this vast sum $431,422,156 was paid
out as Interest, rentals, salaries, and
"miscellaneous" expenditures, leaving,
however, $111,058,034 as a net income.
Under government ownership the op
erating expenses would be largely cut
down and by thus saving the Income
would be increased to $700,000,000 or
$800,000,000, as can be easily demon
strated by figures.
The agitation of the silver question
in the United States, which like Ban
quo's ghost, will not down, has forced
the European gold bugs to spring an
other inMnational monetary confer
ence, as a means of heading off free
colngage they see inevitable In this
country, if not headed off by the jug
glwery of an international conference.
Let them go on with this conference
aind do what they may, let the poll
tietians and goldbugs juggle, scheme
and compromise, but the American
people are coming to the free and un
limited coinage of silver at the old
ratio of 16 to 1, regardless of what the
enemies of the white metal may or may
not do. The idea that this country is
fully competent to establish a mone*
tary system of Its own is taking strong
held upon our great common people
that no juggling on the part of Eu
ropean shylocks will swerve them from
their prpo