•---- .|ram -- •----~- • mm•m m m
Connd eNot Answer.
V"" .fai. Pavne. the novelist, tells
of rn amnuin i question put to him
vet'y seriously by a little boy of his
oan The family were driven out of
their London house to make way for
the' painters, cleaners and whitewash
ers. '*Papa," said the child, who had
evidently Keen turning the matter over
in his own little head, ,-where do the
pyople in heaven go when the white
washing begins there?"
Will Not Marry.
The iprince of Naples, who has been
rewportedl about to marry several times,
asserts that he means to live and die a
lchellor. lie is of morbid disposition,
and is much worried over the fact that
one of his uncles was deformed. ,"I
will never give Italy a hunchback
king." he says.
Disastrous FaUllre!
We can mention no failure more disastrous
than that of physteal energy. It involves the
Partial susp-nuson of the digestive and assimi
latve proeesses, and entails the retirement
from business of the liver and kidneys. Only
through the good ofmcesof Hostetter's Stomach
Hitters can the restoration of its former vigor
ols status he hoped for. When this aid has
be. n cecured. a resumption of activity in the
stomach. liver and bowels may be relied upon.
The hitters conquers malaria and kidney
tr uthlca.
The man whose heart is set on things perish
stale lose,(s all when they perish.
Take Parker's (ilager Toneo home with
yoll,
Toa wi t find it to exeed your expeetatlons to
Lbatlng olls. anid many ills, aches and weaknesea
As somn as we begin to have peace with God
we begin to have war with self.
Pain is nut conduolve to pleasure,
especially when o-easloned by coras. Hlandercora
will please yuu., for it removes them perfectly.
It seoms appropriate enough for a whisky
firm to go into liquid-ation.
If Troubled With Sore Lyee
Jackson's Indian Eye Salve will posatively
cure them. 25c at all drug stores.
If Satan ever laughs it must be at the hyp
ocrites, they are his greatest dupes.
It the abyl to Catta Tooeeth.
Be sure and use that old and well-tried remedy, la
WtaLOw's Soo0axso Stall for Childres Teethia.
Do right yourself and you will help some
other man to behave himself.
Plio's Cure for Consumption is an A
No. 1 Asthma mediline.-W. It. WuLLIA.t,
Antioch, lis., April 11, 1894.
The bee collects nectar and departs without
injuring the flower, its color or scent, so let a
sage dwell in the village.
FTS-An fltseI pt frtel y Dr.Eiae'sOrest
Eowe RImteswe,. So Fitsafter the SIdetamy's
Mtwsleu cures. Treatise tln1 a trial bottle freet,
cas, lSed tob r.oKulaet,lArckft.l,Pdia.,.
A camel can work eight days without drink
nlag, and a man can drink eight days without
working.
"lwanaeau Bge Corn alvwe."
Warranted to care or money ratded. Ask yea
duvgse for Is. Pares i eastm
Make home like heaven, and you will make
the children want togo there.
Tas Most 8M'ur.s tN SIr RmnsDr for a
Cough or Throat Trouble is "Brown's roa
eAiei Tracs." They possess real merit.
Very few men like to order things for the
house.
Remember
That good health, strong nerves, physical
vigor, happiness and usefulness depeed
upona pure, rich, healthy blood. se
her that the blood can mbe s purs b
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Te One True Blood Purifier. 1; fior 1S
Meoo1" PINSs are bItloesuses, bedeeh . gs
IMay culomp etig F0
have come and gleh
becn hlssed by ewor
aM popularityof this
IMWOstadilyiacreasest
Iar L. Bill
.I
!u c !
- ~ . ~ a
NAILS THEIR SYMBOL.
n
Is 4NNAMITES TELL SOCIETY FOLK
BY THEIR DIGITS.
d Seo Is a Queer Artstocracy - Long
r Descent of No Account When Flnger
Nails Are Short - Only Badge of
Honor. V
OW that the French
n 1 have finished their
tcampaign in Mada
sgascar and the sub
jects of the bare
footed, tobacc o
chewing q u een
have been con
quered, there are
possibilities of
more trouble,which
Swill involve the
French in India. Attention in Paris
r is now directed to Annam, where the
French have important interests, and
m where some of the most curious cus
toms on earth prevail.
Here there is a law against married
men leaving the country. In Annam
also the finger nails of the upper classes
are allowed to grow to an extraordinary
length, as an outward symbol of their
gentility.
Nobody, of course, can do work or
I perform service of any kind with long
finger-nails projecting a foot or more
and liable to injury. Even writing is
impossible to such persons.
You may know an aristocrat in An
Sam by his long inger-nails. The man
with the longest finger-nails is the
leader of Annam society. Aristocrats
In that country have to be attended to
at all hours of the day and night by
servants, who perform for them the
most trivial omces.
The Annam ladies cannot comb their
hair; they cannot even feed themselves
for fear of damaging their long and
beautiful finger-nails. No poor man in
Annam can have finger-nails even a
few inches long, as he cannot afford to
employ the servants which that would
necessitate.
This absurd practice has prevailed in
Annam for many centuries. The lower
t classes there have as much reverence
° for long finger-nails as do the lower
classes in England for long ances
tral trees. It will thus be seen that
Annam is more of a democracy than
England, for the son of a newly-rich
merdhant can cultivate finger-nails as
long as those of the king, while the
Annamite of even the bluest blood,
once he is deprived of wealth and ser
vants, must cut his finger-nails and
descend among the common herd.
His ancient lineage is then of no ac
count. So long as his finger-nails re
main short he is a person of no im
portance. Many swells in Annam have
never had their finger-nails cut since
the day they were born.
Annam formed a part of the Chinese
empire from the year 234 B. C. until
A. D. 1428, when it fought for and won
its independence. During a popular up
rising in 1737 a new dynasty usurped
the throne. The old reigning families
were wiped out, only one member es
eaping-Nguyen-anh, who received a
Christian education under the direction
ao the vicar apostolic, a Frenchman.
The son of Nguyen-anh visited Paris in
1733 and in 1787 induced King Louis
XVI. to furnish ships, troops and money
far the recovery of Annam.
The Preach forces and the native al
Uie succeeded in routing the usurpers,
and in 1803 Nguyem-anh was in absolute
power as emperor of Annam. In ac
3ordance with an agreement entered
Into in 1787, as a reward for the ser
vices rendered him, the emperor ceded
to France the bay and peninsula of
Turon and two small sllands. Since
1833 the Christians in Annas have
been often persented, sometimes mur
dered in large nambers, and this fur
alshed an excuse for France to make
war oan the native rulers, and, natur
ally, to inarease the French poises
lons. Now all Annam is practically
ender French rule, though, nominally,
there Is still a kingdom of Annam,
placed under French protectorship.
Newty maries Pe1oe.
I don't know why it is that brand-new
married people always try so hard to
conceaul their state. All the rest of the
world down in the bottom of its callous
old heart is green with envy of their
happnems but they seem never to know
that. There w a pair of them on F
street Wednesday afternoon just as the
matine crowds were passimng. She
might have escaped notice, for at this
seson of the year all the women are
stunntingly new but hbe-well, sance
Adam told on Eve there's never been a
man who could keep a secret with a
wma in It. He had all the ear marks
of a bridegroom, even to the barber
seombed hair. Of coure he didn't know
he had the look. A man never does.
seover, he tfaned, being a man, that
be wnas bheedwinklab the reat of us. He
had two dramai papers nla his pocket,
asther his hand.
"eerge," mid she, "I thiLak every
beady's n to - See them stare."
"Ahr" returned he, with a smile of
trmlph, "the think we're actors, yes
knew."
It would have beesn brutal to am
mghtea him.
anedesel a KaumeP .
FeePt-Have ye red my veraes?
Orit-Y : really tNhe do met mean
arthing that I ean see; ther doa't
and thei bak .imn thruegh
w r o me d ee
mw a ye e ry that
- S , 'oe s-ea- M -ther
..i Ua be Cl? kal.-W.-
~l W6S'l~~ci4e*-*ei~~i ~ ~ l
CONVERSATIONAL QUOTATIONS
Origin of Some of Those Most Common
ly Used.
Sam Weller did not originate the ex
pression "wheels within wheels," as
many supposed; he used it, truly, but
the idea is from the Bible (Ezekiel x.,
r 10), says Chambers' Journal. Another
r Biblical expression, which would hard
ly be recognized as such at first sight,
is "the skin of my teeth" (Job xix., 20).
We are indebted to Cervantes for the
1 proverb "Honesty is the best policy,"
while the familiar phrase "diamond
cut diamond" is due to Ford, the
author of "The Lover's Melancholy."
Although Sheridan's well-konwn char
acter Mrs. Malaprop did "own the soft
impeachment," we must credit Shakes
peare with the origin of the saying
that "comparisons are odorous" (so
frequently attributed to that estimable
lady), as he puts these words in the
mouth of Dogberry. Ben Jonson ("The
Tale of a Tub," act iv., scene iii.) and
Butler ("Hudibras," part 1, canto 1, line
821) both "smell a rat," and to Tusser,
the author of "Five Hundred Points of
Good Husbandry," the truism, "Better
late than never," is due. The great Na
poleon may sneeringly have called us a
"nation of shopkeepers" ("une nation
boutiquerie"), and have expressed the
opinion that Providence is on the side
of the big battalions; but the first is
borrowed from Adam Smith ("Wealth
of Nations," Vol. 2, published in 1775,
when Napoleon was a child), and the
second is a plagiarism from Voltaire's
letter to M. le Riche, lated Feb. 6, 1770,
("Dieu eat toujours pours les gros batil
Ions." "Though I say is as shouldn't,"
is used in slightly altered form by
Beaumont and Fletcher and afterward
quoted by Colley Cibber and Fielding.
King Charles II. was of opinion that a
parliamentary debate in his time was
"as good as a play." For "murder will
out".we must turn to Geoffrey Chaucer,
i who, in his quaint spelling, tells
us "Mordre wol out" ("The NonnGe
i Preestes Tale," line 15,058). When we
say we will "leave no stone unturned,"
i we are quoting the answer of the Del
I phic oracle to the inquiry of Polycrates
as to the best means of discovering the
treasure buried on the field of Plataea
by Mardonlus. To "make a virtue of
necessity" is from Chaucer ("Knight's
Tale"), but the phrase is used also in
Rabelais, Shakespeare and Dryden.
THE DOCTORS' BILLS.
SI weden the Price of Service Is Left
with the Patlent.
Sweden has doctors, but no doctors'
bills. If you have occasion to call in
physician you will find him not only
skillful in his profession but a highly
educated and most honorable gentle
man. You will also have another proof
of the honesty of the Swedes and their
friendly confidence in each other,
Swedish doctors send no bills to their
patients. What you shall pay your
physician is left entirely to your own
choice. The rich pay him liberally
whether they have need of his services
or not, if he has been once retained by
them. The poor pay him a small sum
and the very poor pay him nothing. Yet
he visits the poor as faithfully as he
does the rich. On the last day of the
year you put into an envelope, ad
dressed to your physician, a sum of
money which you think not only sum
clent to compensate him, but in accord
ance with your position in life, and in
closing your card with the money, send
the envelope by a servant to your doc
tor. The servant returns with the card
of the doctor in a sealed envelope di
rected to you. This shows that he has
received your money and no word about
the matter ever passes between you.
Should you send him nothing he will
come and prescribe for you all the next
year and as long as you live, and he is
too digniled ever to say a word about
it.
The Esaminer Waes C·ttLg.
At a certain Cambridge viva voce ex
amination a particular candidate had
so far failed to answer any question
whatever. After wasting a good deal
of patience on him the examiner in
desperation finally tore from a sheet of
paper a portion two inches square,
placed it in front of the luckless youth
and cuttingly observed:
"Oblige me, sir, by placing upon this
paper the whole of what you know on
any subject of any kind whatever."
Ex.
NEWSY TRIFLES.
The corner stone for the new dormi
tories at the University of Pennsylvania
has Just been laid.
The United Hebrew Charities Society I
of New York gave work to 83,000 per
sons during the past year.
81x hundred crates of celery were
shipped from Muskegon, Mich., to CW-h
cago the other day. The weight of it
was 5,000 pounds.
A proposal has been made that a na- .
tlonal exposition be held in Washing
ton in 1900 to celebrate the centenni al
of the capital city.
There are colored twins in Putnam
county, Connecticut, four years old,
with red hair. Bailey, the circu man,
has eonght in vain to get them.
The New Orleans Picayune devoted
two columns Tuesday of last week to
ua effort to orove that we were in no
danger fronm rthuakes.
According to a Paris paper the crewn a
of the king of Portugal, which was re
ceatrly repaired by a Jeweler, is the 6
meet astly in th weld, beisn valse
at 88,000.00o.
The keadlights from the loemotive
euglas oa Maine railroads attract the
der from the forests, and numbers ofn
the animals are being killed by the ea
Sevrs handred Berlin Jouralists are
to have their plctue printed in a vol
e which Gustav Daems has writte
nu whieh is b to give as ILeds view
WqS g rsas 3esrup
The Pilgrta.
(Holiday Number.) Full of bright
sketches-prose, poetry and illustra
tions- hy bright writers and artists.
Entirely original, new and entertain
ing. Mailed free to any address on
receipt of six (6) cents in postage
stamps. Write to Geo. IT. Ileafford.
Publisher. 415 Old Colony building,
Chicago, Ill.
You Bet.
A railroad map that does not make
it appear that there is only one direct
way to get to a place is a map that
will be turned down by railroad men.
The devil fears no man's profession when it
is higher than his practice.
INCREASE YOUR INCOME
by careful investments In grain through a
responsible firm of large experience and
great success. Will send you particulars
free showing how a small amount of money
can be easily multiplied by successful in
vestments. Highest Bank references. Op
portunities excellent. Pattison & Co..
Bankers and Brokers, Room W, Omaha
Building, Chicago.
Many a snl-ssetl giant has turned out to be
only a -hadol
Catarrh Can Not Be Cured
With local applications as they can
not reach the seat of the disease. Ca
tarrh is a blood or constitutional dis
ease, and in order to cure it you must
take Internal remedies. Hall's Catarrh
Cure is taken internally, and acts di
rectly on the blood and mucous sur
faces. hall's Catarrh Cure is not a
quack medicine. It was prescribed by
one of the best physicians in this coun
try for years. and is a regular prescrip
tion. It Is composed of the best tonics
known, combined with the best blood
ourlflers. acting directly on th' mucous
SJirfaces. The perfect combination of
the two ingredients is what produces
such wonderful results in curing Ca
tarrh. Send for testimonials. free.
F. J. CHENEY & CO., Props.,
Toledo, O,.
Sold by druigists: price, 750.
Hall's Family Pills, 25c.
We have all blamed Adam for falling, but
GCl never did.
ONI BNJOYe
Both the method and results when
Syrup of Figs is taken; it is pleasant
and refreshing to the taste, and acts
gently yet promptly on the Kidneys,
Liver and Bowels, cleanses the sys.
tem effectually, dispels colds, head
aches and fevers and cures habitual
constipation. Syrup of Figs is the
only remedy of its kind ever pro.
duced, pleasing to the taste and ac
ceptable to the stomach, prompt in
its action and truly beneficial in its
effects, prepared only from the most
healthy and agreeable substances, its
many excellent qualities commend it
to all and have made it the most
popular remedy known.
Syrup of Figs is for sale in 50
cent bottles by all leading drug.
gists. Any reliable druggist who
may not have it on hand will pro
cure it promptly for any one who
wishes to try it. Do not accept any
substitute.
CALIFORNIA FIO SYRUP C.
SAN FIRA WQIC, CAL
WW1WrLLE. KY. rMEW 1gg ats
THE MOST REMARKABLE CURE
EVER PERFORMED IN THE HISTORY OF MEDICINE.
k Sweet Little Girl Totally Paralysed, Unable to Walk, Stand, Speak or Move, but Completely Cured
by VENO'S CURATIVE SYRUP and VENO'S ELECTRIC FLUID, the Two Most
Phenomenal Medicines in Existence-Sold by Druggists.
Totally Crippled for Four Years
Made to Lay Away His Crutch
and Cane by Veno's Medicines.
The following is Mr. Chandler's a fdavit:
State of Texas, County of Tarrant. as: Per
lonally appeared before me, a Notary Public
I and for the St:le and County aforesaid, Mr.
Levi Chandler. living at 119 East First street,
Fort Worth who, being by me duly sworn ac
.ording to law, deposeth and sayeth as fol
lows: In December, ltM. I was stricken down
wrth rheumatism and have been a constant suf
erer ever since, and for the past four years
asve not been able to walk a step without a
ruteh and eane. Have doctored and spent lots
it money and got no relief until I began to use
remo's medicines. I have only been using his
medicines three days and now I can walk well
without any oane or crutch. I am thankful for
he great good I have received, as it is a God
eand to me. Lavl CHAnmDIL
Sworn to and subscribed in my
:saAL: presence, this 24th day of October,
i...... : Ita. C. M. TaursPLroE.
Tarrant County, Notary Public.
another Cripple Cured After 30
Years Suffering.
City of Fort Worth, County of Tarrant, State
I Texas, se-Personally appeared before me
notary public in and for the county and
tato aforesaid, Moses S. Powers, living at ot0
louaah street, Fort Worth, who being duly
wows aecording to law. depseth sad sayeth
hat he had been terribly cted since the
ar with spinal trouble sad rheumatism and
at doctored constantly without receiving
eek teaeSt antil the Ilth oa October when
Swas2 treated with Veo's Electrio FIi and
ee'' Curative yMyp. After the Fhid was
abbed on my ack and limbs add the Curative
prep givea me internly, my alnas suddenly
it me and I have had no trouble sinee ad
Ml myself gradually gettling stronger sad am
his to walk without a can I feel like a sew
as.
eys te and subscribed in my Iresce thin
a Ootob-r,) m K.Qts ast ,
Get rid at once of the stinging, festering smart of
BURNS OR SCALDS
or else they'll leave ugly scars. Read directions and use
ST. JACOBS OIL.
Stop Naturally!
You Don't Have
to Swear mak.s.
the nerves
strong, and
J brings back
offthe eelings of
youth to the pro
maturely old mtan.
It restoree lost vigor.
You may gain ten
pounds in ten days.
CUARANTEED
TOBACCO HABIT CURE.
, Go buy and try a box to-day. It
oosts only $1. Your own druggist
will guarantee a cure or money re
fnmded. Booklet, written guarantee of cure
and sample free. Address nearest offio.c
THE STERLING REMEDY CO.,
SHICAOO. MONTREAL, CAN. NEW YORLK
SASCARETS candy athart c c onstipation. Purely ble, smooth a
easy, sold by druggists everywhere, guaranteed to cure.. Only I0.
A
Broken
Back
Just as yours will be if
you continue using poor
soap.
CIAIRETTE SOAP.
makes washiday as easy as any other day. Lessens
the labor, makes the clothes white, and does no dam
age. Thousands of women say so--surely they are
not all mistaken. Sold everywhere. Made only by
The N. K. Fairbank Company, - St. Louis.
Timely Warning.
The great success of the chocolate preparations of
the house of Walter Baker & Co. (established
in 1780) has led to the placing on the market
many misleading and unscrupulous imitations
of their name, labels, and wrappers. Walter
Baker & Co. are the oldest and largest manu
facturers of pure and high-grade Cocoas and
Chocolates on this continent. No chemicals are
used in their manufactures.
Consumers should ask for, and be sure that
they get, the genuine Walter Baker &, Co.'s goods.
WALTER BAKER & CO., Limited,
DORCIRSTER. MASS.
Patents, Trade-Marks,
EamIaautla aod Adlice ao to atetapMtl,7 ,
snvnt on Mead for lnyntt' ý o.e Hrowto (34
" r !Taos @ITAflL. R InUT 2.
VENO
grivin the last dose of Medicine to Mrs. Hunt
er', lttle girl. who was completely cured of
YENO'S CURATIVE SYRUP
is the only scientific cure for Malarial
Fever, Dyspepsia, Constipation, Ca
tarrh, Liver, Stomach and Blood
diseases. This medicine has for its
body the famous Llandrindod water,
the great perm destroyer and blood
punrier, and when used with
VENO'S ELECTRIC FLUID
will cure the worst and mostdesperate
cases of Rheumatism, Paralysis, Scia
ties, Neuralgia and all aches and pains.
Price, soc each; 12 bottles for $&O0.o
Ask your druggist to get these medi
elaes for you, or write to
Tk r Ii Cbo., MFitis Pti.
WHY DON'T YOU BUY CORH?
6pRODUCERSC, Pell your products and write to us for
ltaoraauton bow to make big money on the pro
oeeds ln tbhe purchase of cora on margins. Informa.
tins ad book on spculatia pa C. . VAI WIII
aC0., 1.1 s s., Cbsep
A Little Girl, Totally Paralysed,
Completely Cured by Veno's
rCurative Syrup and Veno's
Electric Fluid-The Most Re
markable Cure in the History
of Medicine.
CLEVELAND, June 21, 184.
County of Cuyahoga, state of Ohio, se: Per.
sonally appeared before me. H. }. Henry. a
notary ublice. in and for the county and tna
aforesid, Mrs. I. V. Hunter. of 20 Detroit
street, Cleveland. Ohio, who being duly
sworn according to law, deposes and
says that my little girl, who sufered from
St Vitus' dance and some time ago e
came paralysed completely all over the bodyj
it toeok away her speech entirely: she could
not walk or even stand: she was oompletely
helpless; her head swayed from side to aide;
she could not raise her arms or even tura Is
bed; she had no control over any part of the
body, and her tongue hung out of her mouth.
I took her to a doctur but she got worse under
his treatment.
I was recommended to take her to Veso
When the doctor examined the child e said he
would guarantee Veno's Electric Fluid and
enoses Curative Syrup to cure her. I took a
supply of the medicine, and my little girl is.
proved every day, and in ten days she oould
aland sad walk; her speech oame baek sad
she could raise her arms and head, and to
nearly as well as ever she was. I am delighte,4
and the neighbors and dootors are astonIshed.
if I had been told that my little girl could have
ben cured so quickly I would not have believed
it. because before I commeaeed treatment my
girl was the most helpless looking child I ever
saw. I strongly recommend the Veno medi
cines to every sufferer. My husbasd is well
known i Clevelsand. He Is employed by J. P.
Brogans, grocer. I make this statement to
beaset other sufferers.
Swore to before me by the said Belle V.
Huster, and subkribed by her in my presense
this let day f June, U .
H. H .Rmmy,
,s.es 1.i w.