LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS,
VOLr I. NATCHITOCHES, LOUISIANA, lRIDAY, LY 12, 1895. No. 47.
PUBLIC OWNERSHIP.
of
IF THE THEORY IS INCORRECT b
LET US SELL t
Our Public Roads, Streets and Alleys to ri
8ome Syndicate, Let Them Fix Terms LI
on Which We Can Lee Them, and
See How It ,. tl
If public ownership is not good, let g
us sell our public roads, -treets and o
alleys to some syndicate and have it n
fix the terms on wnich we can use s
them, as they do the railroads. Let tL
us sell the rivers to another syndi- t]
cate. Let us sell the school houses, ti
state and national buildings to an- s
other syndicate and have it put on its li
tariff. Public ownership is right or o
not right. If public ownership will r
give the people as good or better c
service than private ownership a
and for less money (labor) then t
it is better. Thu question is simply o
one of business. The private owner
ship has proven an abortion. Under p
it in all nations is poverty and oppres- t
sion. Those who own the land and ma- a
chinery squeeze the many who do not t
own it the land and machinery. They c
want more, more, more. They cut 1
wages, discharge willing workers, a
Ibribe city, state and national officers, "
squander their profits and force the I
workers to livelives of misery. You I
sever heard of the owners I
of the public roads, streets, t
alleys, public buildings or postal sys- r
tem bribing lawmakers, or drawing
dividends or watering stock. Had
the railroads been public property
you would never have heard of the
rich and favored riding on passes;
you would never have heard of rail
road lobbies in your city; state or na
tional assemblies. It does not make I
any difference whether you or the ma
jority have not looked at it tin this way;
it makes no difference whether you I
deny it; the fact remains there just
the same. You may shut your eyes
and say it is not true, that something
else is the matter and that things will
right themselves, but all the same the
Name the statement is eternally true
that private ownership of monopolies
is doing up the masses of all nations,
and they are writhing and squirming I
1nder the conditions imposed by
the present system and will to
tho end of time; or until they
by some means make all the I
oppressive monopolies public prop- I
arty. You may curse and hang the i
men who tell you these truths, and
swear such are the cause of all your
'troubles; you may work yourself into
:a frenzy and believe your are sane,
.but all the time you will be suffering
the effects of your illogical, unnatural
ownership, and men of wealth will
multiply but men of pover
ty, will multiply a thousand
fold faster. You may hug
the selfish delusion that you will be
one of the wealthy, or being one will
remain so, but the whirligig of mo
nopoly will grind you finer and finer
and drop you into the abyss of pov
erty, your children will be wage
slaves and hierlings who will work,
live and have their being just so long
as some man can use them to his
pleasure and profit-and no longer.
You get nothing but disappointment
and worry under this system. -Com
ing Nation.
smesmemhb Wmea
There Is so much money in London,
that Mr. Gosuhen prediets unless
meeh of it Is wasted on a foregn war
or sunk in such bunco schemes as the
Panama canal that the time is not far
distant whoe the interest on passive
epital security invested will not
eomant to more than 2 per eent. and
yet there not a oity in the whole in
which there is more poverty and dis
tress than Leaden. So poverty
estriskes re the masses of London,
tlhat as writer expressee it "the
ehalot wheels of luxury bespatter
t4rege of mlsry."-r.- Orlens
Thbe Is a paitnfl repel in etreule
tme eseruwra the ntion league
t RhpeUoan clubs. That powerful
W is repmrted tht of
*easy toy pate stm ad pay
itoyswrlter. The elaim is made
that' Petiet Tracy's tatisakes
that he woald catributo p0.000 if
. e-e plelddet has n materiaul
tIn te eash any more tha hisL
teeqosg pt, that be coull ealy
ireedlg 0 from opolsat mm
• s el ti party In truth *e In
; jmSh o LtS m the plean of summer
wS as'.-Diker News.
lob* Wmho Amse U
ag la itse o amsmnat in this
elg wrel. but the two-lagged
Sthat pseple it are the.ost
'oinsa. hrenae the pee
bua who me
Mrt emmhIMrn t
otose
grams the same way. The meting out of A
punishment to criminals, the guarding
of life and property, the protection of
health, care of the sick, are all en- S
trusted to public institutions, and
with, on the whole, satisfactory re
sults; but talk of entrusting the rail
roads to the same kind of manage- II
ment and you are set down at once as
a feather-headed reformer whom prac
tical men should not listen to. All
the graver duties of society and the
management of the most serious emer
gencies, from investigating the causes
of tuberculis in cattle to defending the
nation against an armed foe, are in
stinctively consigned to governmen
tal authority. because we all know p
these things will be better done by
that means than by any other; but
when it comes to running an electric
light plant, or operating a trolly line
on the city's streets, or running a
railroad train, these amusing creatures
called American citizens, are aghast g
at the idea and shout you down with
the cry, we want no paternal system
of government here:'
For the sake of consistency, these
people ought to advocate the aboli
tion of courts of justice, of the police
and militia, of the public school sys
tem, of health boards and sanitary I
commissions, of public hospitals, asy- t
lums, and reformatories, of the post
office system, and of the army and
navy. When they do they may shake
hands with the anarchist, wear long
hair, make lurid speeches against all
I laws, and throw bombs. They will I
then be more dangerous, but not
more amusing than they are now.
New York Voice.
EDITORIAL OPINIONS.
If you want to gaze upon the silver
lining, just mount upon the Populist
platform.-McKinney Democrat.
If you are in favor of the free coin
age of silver get out of the Democratic
party; it's a gold standard party.
I Corsicana Truth.
One of the peculiar features of the
Democratic administration is that its
expenditures are greater than the re
ceipts.-Comanche Exponent.
A divorce between the honest and
dishonest wings of the Democratic
party is now unavoidable, if they
mean business. -Indianapolis Non
conformist.
The Southern Pacific railroad asked
the government to help it in its con
test with employes and now presents
a bill of 13000 for feeding the troops.
I -Chicago Express.
If the death penalty is good for
bank robbers it is also good for dis
honest bank officials who rob the peo
ple. This is certainly a fair proposi
tion.-Kansas City Journal.
There is no more disgusting sight
than the farmer or laboring man, who
has barely a meal ahead. talking about
"*honest money." It makes a person
1 very weary.-Southern Mercury.
Without doubt there will be no
r usury. Without usury lots of people
who live by sponging on the workers
- would have to go to work themselves.
-Independependence Star and Kansan.
g A bird that fouls its own nest is a
wholly nasty bird. That is what Sec
retary Carlisle is doing when hs says
ithat the old silver dollar of the revo
lution is dishonest.-Evansville Cour
ir (Dem.)
And now some few of the manufac
turers are advancing the wages of
their men a few cents, and the shy
look papers are beating tom-toms all
over the country and telling the peo
ple ,*prosperity" has come again.
e Midland, (Md.) Journal.
Occupation taxes have been increas
Id ed and multiplied in a state and at a
n time where and when they should
. have been abolished altogether. Ad
y valrem taxes have been rmade hear
, ir to keep up boards and bureaus of
e favorites who should have been
r dispesed wii altogether. We
is have entirely too much government,
yet the people are called upon to pay
for more rather than less of ILt--Dal
las News.
SFederal ocen-holders who are
a known to have been free silver men
ul in the past, but who are keeping pial
of ifully qlet now, are natarlly under
suspielen among IDemocrats. They
is will be shouti for gold a little later.
STb will have to, or ,*lse their sit
il atons." Perhaps we ought to ex
ml oeps a few who will have the manhood
isto k etire to private life rather than to
iy stultify themselves.-Cinlinueati Ea
n- quirer.
B
SCourrnourna Ecms, in his re
or prt of the eondition of ho national
beaks ea Jaeuary 28, 188, sld they
owed depositors subject to chok,
$1,6001,489,(408, usad had only p47,
S644.4.76 of cash in the beaks to pay
Swith or that they were short 1,3471,
et 84~,61,8. The people have pleanty
of ooideanoe
S Tama never wras a more oever
'a tadge or eatoh phase omied, thea
e Shai ol *5e meosy." While it
t adi 21 peor men wLho have noet had
Sia- . rw.PatpethpMie I lve ye
." weo -.--. - , A .
A SPLENDID LETTER. b
sh
SILVER MOVEMENT AN EFFORT di
TO DIVIDE POPULISTS. i.
mi
pa
If the Free Coinage eImocrats Desire wi
Succecss Let Them Eallet Under the pa
Clean, Bright Banner of the People's hi
Party and March to Victory.
01
If the Populists adhere to their or- at
ganization as they should do. and as tb
it is their duty to themselves, their
political brethren and the country to )e
do, there is but little doubt of their la
success in Texas and many other
states in state elections, and of weild- if
ing a controlling influence in the di
selection of the next president and tt
securing the popular branch of con
gress.
lFidelity to party (declarations of
principle. authoritatively and honest
ly made. is a \irtue, and to stand by w
comrades in the tight that is waged c
in support of such declarations is no it
less a virtue. lie is a traitor who
flies to the foe for pelf, gain, place or
power-a very poltroon who, under w
the the circumstances named, evades a
the field and who fails to carry the
banner high aloft. tI
There are times when it is political
wisdom and patriotic to combine with u
an enemy to beat back and destroy a n
greater one, but this is not the year, a
the day nor the hour when Populists
can afford to go to the aid of, or act p
with, any of the parties heretofore op
posed to them. It would be the de
struction of their party and political I
suicide to the individual.
The Populist organization, and the °
tenacity, the undying faith with
which they hold to the truth, expe
diency and justice free and un
limited coinage of silver at the old t
ration has been the heart in which
the life blood of that principle pul
sated for these many years, while
Democrats abandoned iteand Republi- i
cans denounced it. It is their princi
ple. They rescued it from under the
feet and from the stilletto of the old 1
parties. Why should they now,
I when the principle has grown into t
manhood-a giant in and of itself-
take a second place and let those who
would have seen it perish, lead to
victory through, by and because of its
strength? No, that would not be hon
eat, right nor just from any standpoint.
If free silver Democrats, who are
now so enthusiastic, desire the suc
cess of free unlimited coinage of sil
ver, if they wish to be parties to the
r establishment of a great American
- policy, let them come uuder the Pop
ulist banner and march with us to
victory. They cannot, without ef
frontery, seek to lead our hosts to
t battle. A cloud no bigger than a
p man's hand has grown until it is cov
t ering the whole heavens from the
lakes to the seashores, from the ocean
on the east to that on the west.
We can lead our own hosts and
carry them through the storm of con
flics to the mount of victory. This is
no time for fraternization with one
enemy or another; it would bring de
moralization,confusion and defeat; the
a combination mightsucceed, but Popu
lism would die. Don't be deceived, my
, friends! There is no love for you with
- silver Democrats; by them you are
- mocked, decried, criticised and ridi
culed. They will, if you will permit
them, make instruments of you to beat
If the Republicans and the single gold
standard people, but what then? You
1are swallowed up in the vortex. Your
. enemy flourishes and you pass into
nothingness. Don't tell me that the
free silver Democrats are friendq of the"
Populists. It is not so. The man
who so believes, the man who acts
under such belief, fatally deceives
Id himself, and to the whole extent of
Shis individuality and influence ruins
Shis party and defeats the objects and
f purposes of his political friends. Be
Snot deceived! If these silver Demo
crats love the free silver doctrine you
Steach and support, they will come to
1 you. If they be honest men, honestly
l advocating the doctrine, they will
come to you politically and 'as patri
e otic men; they dare not stay away.
a Victory marches under your leader
a- ship. Upholdthe colors! Stand by
or your guns!
y The fight warms up in Texas and
r. all over the country. The battle will
- be hot. The right is with you. Be
- firm! This silver movement i. practi
oI cally, whether so intended or not, an
to effort to outflank you. Watch it!
a- Yield not to it! Join it not! It hEs
but a tin god for its leader! It will
go to plees and the honest wreckage
rwil come to you. It willdisintegrate
ml when the party whip is cracked over
ny its back. Don't go to them to be
k, stampeded. Keep your eyes on your
,- own glorious banner! Where it
y waves, follow! It will wave in the
,- thick of the fight if brave, devoted
ty men carry it there. Up and be doing!
Let every man be a hero! Victory is
yours! Stretch forth your hand,
r grasp and hold it! Let every
a man feel and act as if our coming vic
it tory depended on his single arm, his
us- own individual exertions. Let this
ad be so let such grand determination
s, be our unexpressed shiboleth sad the
he lowly, despised, persecuted Populist
e party will take speedy sad iulposse*
Aon of this state and of the naio.
Who dare oppose our glorious hosts as
they march to the music of patriotio
shouts over prostrate columns of the
disorganized, discouraged, demoral
ized foe? G(;od grant that our every E'
man may be ablaze with the fire of Is
patriotism, devoted to the truth, filled hi
with fidelity to his cause and com- W
panions, and as fixed as the stars in T
his unalterable determination to look *I
for victory only in the ranks of his w
own party. -
But I have a word to say to the sil-, w
ver Democrats. I am not a prophet, cI
and yet I see, as clearly as a prophet. b
that which is to come to you. Be on b
your guard. Your destruction is de
creed, and naught but sleepless vigi
lance and the honesty of your own
convictions will or can save you. even
if these can, which is much to be
doubted. (f course I am talking to
the common people, the laborers, the
producers. The politician, the wire
worker, the place hunter, the self
constituted leader can and will take
care of themselves. They are they
who mislead the people and ruin the
country: but to the common people.
it is to them I speak.
The coming political contest of l 96
will be more %irulent, accrimonious
and desperate than any heretofore
witnessed. The gold power is deter- a
mined. It's mind is made up. In it v
there will be no change. It has made a
up its mind to win the fight and con- s
trol the destinies of the country, no s
matter at what cost of treasure, aye, I
and of blood. What cares it for the u
people? IWhat is it to the brazen i
power whether the people eat or t
starve, are warm or cold, live or die? i
There are gradations in that power.
It has jesuitic system, deliberate 1
method and deeply planed policy. It
bends or breaks those it assaults. a
The gold power owns and controls the
national banks. The national banks,
as a rule subordinate the merchants of
the towns and cities, while the people º
universally are in debt to the mer- I
chants. Now watch the movement.
The gold power orders the banks: the
banks request the merchants, and the
merchants solicit their debtors to I
pursue one line of action, and
what is that? Yes, what is
that? It is this: To permit I
the gold power advocates to
capture the primaries and the con
ventions, and thus enable that power
to declare its views as to the princi
ples of the party. To this end the
order, the request and the solicitation,
if necessary, will go to the extent
that the banker, the merchant, and
the debtor, must go into the primar
ies, and the conventions, and work to
accomplish the designated purposes.
Thus it was worked in the last pri
maries and state conventions. The
gold power let the silver men have
the offices but it took for its share
the declarations of principles.
In the state conorention there
was more than 150 majority of dele
gates in favor of free silver, but the
gold standard delegates succeeded in
their aim. True the candidates who
were nominated were sometimes on
the platform, sometimes under it,
sometimes jumping on and off, but
they were gold power candidates and
e silver men voted for them. Just get
a collar on a silver Democrat and that's
all that is necessary to make him per
form like a trick mule in a circus or
a cinnamon bear mastered by a Dago
tramp. I say this more in sorrow and
it grief than in blame and criticism.
The Democratic party, the masses, the
d people of the party, not the ringmas
ters, wanted a free silver platform and
gr got a gold standard one. So it will be
again unless you in time detect the
fraud and prevent it. The way to do
so is to consort with those of your own
kind. Sheep don't run with wolves,
or if they do the wolves do the eating
and the sheep furnish the banquet. A
fword to the wise ought to be sufficient,
but it may be that silver Democrats
like to be fooled. All right But let
Sme tell you one thing, the Populists
are not going with you to be sacrificed
on the golden altar. They have be
Sfore this been made to hew wood and
f draw water by false gods to them. They
Shave learned better. If you arei
* joined to your clay idols, go and eat
, our dirt. You can have it all, for
t' he Populist from principle is going
to stay on his platform, fight from
there and not be the dupe of any sup
porter of a two-faced party.
The Populists to-day hold the bal
Sance of power against the administra
Stion views on the money question, and
if a combination becomes necessary to
a defeat the gold power, then let them
act as a party and not as individuals.
In union there is strength. Division
1 is destruction.
SPopulists desire to save the country
Sfrom revolution and offer the only so
er lution of the present impending crisis.
be -W. M.Walton in Southern Mercury.
he Jst Fits.
ed We think so leus of a man because
g! he does not believe as we do. But he
is should believe something. The time
d, has passed when you can be all things
ry to all men. -Greenville Banner.
c- The above just fits the leaders of
is the two old parties, especially those
is of the -called Demoeracy.
he Spain thanks Cleveland. The pres
ist ident has the doubtful honor of de
- serving thanks from every conitry
Sbut his own -Denver News
A MYSTF WOMAN. w
bit
the Wheels Wouldn's nO Round.
Everyone in the streets stopped. du
Eves a child could see that there was he
r something wrong. Every time the ch
horse started the sparks flew from rh
where the tire touched the stone. Ili
That is why the lady got out. A ey
crowd gathered and gaged curiously ex
while she examined the horse, the lar- b;
bess, the vehicle and the wheel that n
wouldn't go round. A policeman a,
came forward and suggested that the: st
horse was balky. A gcntleman who Pi
belonged to the Society with the long e~
th
o t/" . o
-di
eo t ra
e SOMETIINII WRONG. N
- Iame, said that the beast was over- h
I worked, and should be unlarnooeed y l
o j and rubbed down. Another man ad- at
i- ised her to back a bit and take a tl
o ew start. A fourth suggested that P
,M she would drive right on. soarks or tl
e No sparks. the ditliculty would remedy C
n I itself: while still another insisted that d
ur nless a new tire be put on the wheel. A
? the whole outfit would collapse. b
r. These contlicting counsels increased II
e the confusion of the distressed lady, c
It but they did not make the wheel go a
a. round. n
o Just then a carriage drove up, a N
s, gentleman got out and asked what t
of was the matter. One of the bystand- t
lo ers said it was a break down, while a
r- each of eleven others gave a different N
t. explanation as to why the wheel 0
eI wouldn't go round. The stranger a
ie examined the turnout., led the pony v
to ierward a step, and as the sparks be- i
Id gan flying, remarked: ,"Madam. C
is your horse, harness, cart and wheel i
tit mre all right The sparks that the
to tire draws from the curbstones are a
n- ,erely outward symptoms of the in- t
er ward ailment. The real difficulty is I
ei- not with the tire of the wheel, but
he with its axle, or its ,box."' Just
n, what the man did next it is not nec
nt essary to state, but in less than ten
nd minutes the entire trouble was ended.
ar- He had removed the cause instead of I
to temporizing with the effect As the 1
as. lady drove on rejoicing someone re
ri- marked: ,"How few people in the
he world reason down to the root of
,ve things, and at the same time carry in
wre their heads the 'know how' that
es. makes the wheels go round."
Ire It is just this lack of reasoning
le- down to the root of things that is to
he day causing intense suffering to thou
in sands of men and women; and for this
ho sufsafering, to a great extent, man is
on to blame.
it, Refined, intelligent. educated men,
)ut who have spent eight or ten of the
snd best years of their lives in colleges,
ret medical schools and hospitals, cling
,t's to the false, child-like theory of doc
er- toring the tire, as it were, instead of
or eutring the exle, or its *"hot-box.''
'go They direct their attention to where
nd they see the sparks flying, instead of
im. working upon the hidden spot where
he the real trouble lies. The conse
as- gneuee is, they never acquire the
and "know how," which enables them to
be regulate the wheels of life.
the When the sparks of pain fairly fly
do trem a woman's head, her back, her
wn limbs, or the most important and
es, sensitive organs of her body, it is as
ing s"nseless to resort to ,local applica
A tions," pain cures, or stimulants, as
int, it is to grease the tire, whip the
ats horse, or drive on regardless of con
let sequences. Those people try to cure
late symptoms instead of reasoning to the
cad root of things and removing the cause
be- ot the disorder. The result is phys
and loal patch-work and failure instead of
bey -oceeso.
are A most conspicuous exception to
eat this rule is the man who, nearly
for thirty years ago, proclaimed that he
oing wuld not make such mistakes, but
om would devote himself to reasooing to
up- the root of disease, and to the dis
every of a new prlaciple for its treat
bal- seat. Many thousand letters of grat
tra- Itude from former patients in all parts
and ed America, have told this physician
y to that he has been successful beyond
sem even his own expectations. This
ale. man is Dr. R. V. Pierce, of Buffalo,
sion N. Y., who has for more than a quar
to of a century been the head of the
atry sot complete and successful Health
so- Iatitution in America, the Invalids'
isle. (ltl and Surgical Institute, and
wry. whose *;olden Medical Discovery,"
"*Favorite Prescription," and "Pleas
at Pellets," have converted thou
seads of men and women, in every
use State of this Union and In many for
t he olga lands, from absolute misery to
time physical vigor and happiness, and
ings whose People's Common Sense Medi
cal Adviser has had the greatest sale
a of t any medical work ever published
bose amounting to over 680,000 copies.
In his research and practice Dr.
Fierce proceeded on the common sense
res- principle that the blood could carry
e- Life or destruction to every partof the
stry body. That the liver was the .,house
keepeO" 0 the human system. That
when the liver becomes disordered
blood is charged with poison which is
carried through the body and pro.
duces such ailments as consumption,
s heart disease, scrofulous and brow
0 chial disorders, as well as dropsy.
n rheumatismn and ,'female complaints."
His " (;olden Medical Discovery" acts
L especially upon the liver and other
v excretory organs. It cleanses the
bood, repairs. invigorates and gives
t nw life to the whole system. The
n action of this Dl)iscov\ery is aided in
stubborn cases of costiveness by Dr.
o 'ierce's 'leasant P'cllets, which also
g embody an entirely new principle.
While there are not three cases of
these diseases in a hundred which I)r.
Fierce's remedies will not relieve or
cure, ýt happens sometimes that
chronic and seriously complicated and
long neglected disorders roeuire ad
ditional home-treatm'"nt. In all such
rare and exceptional ca-es Dr. Pierce
will, upon receiving particulars in
writing. sen! free of charge. such
plain, straightforward. confidential ad
vice as will enable the sufferer to find
reli.'f and cure if the case is curable.
Al correspondence is treated in strict
confidence.
When I)r. I:. V. Pierce, of hutTalo.
N. Y., publixshed the tirst edition of
r- his work. The People's Common Sense
.d Medical Adviser. he announced that
d- after t.Ud) 003 copies had been sold at
a the regular price, $1..:0 per copy, the
at protit on which would repay him for
or the great amount cf labor and money
ly expended in producing it, he would
at distribute the next half million free.
A. As this number of copies has already
,e. been sold, he is now distributing, abso
cd lutely free, 500,001) copies of this most
complete, ,- -- interesting
so and valua- coiroN ble com
mon tense No. 161. m ed ical
a work ever - * published
at the recipient only being required
id- to mail to him, at the above
ile address, this little coUPro NsM
*nt tait with twenty-one (21) cents in
!el one-cent stamps to pay for post
or ago and packing only, and the book
ny will be sent by mail. It is a ver
)e. itable medical library, complete in
m, one volume. It contains over 1000
!el pages and more than 300 illustrations.
hhe The Free Edition is precisely the
ire same as that sold at $1.50 except only
in- that the books are bound in strong
is manilla paper covers instead of cloth.
)ut Send Now before all are given away.
est They are going off rapidly.
ec
ien Keep the Change.
ed. There is a new story out concerr
of Ing the reasonable kindness, amia
the bility and proverbial honesty of the
re- Niagara Falls hackman. Two tour
the ists, a lady and a gentleman, stopped
of off at the Falls between trains. A hack
in man engaged them for a brief tour of
hat sight-seeing. The time actually com
sumed was fifty-live minutes. The
ing hackman said he must have $10. The
to- gentleman remarked that it was an
ou- outrage. The driver explained that
his he had been of great assistance in
is pointing out the places of interest and
stood firm. 1'he gentleman prepared
en, to pay under protest. Unfortunately
the for himself, he handed the man a $20
es, bill. ,.Do you pay for the lady, also?"
ing asked the hackman promptly. "Do
oc- I pay for the lady?" repeated his
I of fare, in astonishment. "Of course, I
x." do. What do you mean?" "*Then
ere there will be no change," replied the
of hackman. "My charge of $10 is for
ere one person; $20 for two persons. The
Ise- amount you handed me is exactly cor
the rect. Thank you, sir."
to
Will Not Be Downed.
fly Denver has a preacher named Pass
her more, who is said to be fervid, fluent
and and furious. To hear him go on one
as is impressed that there is but one
Ca- honest preacher, and he is him.
as This man thinks, or says he does.
the that the world is pegging along to
:o- ward perdition like an ox to the
ure shambles. He accuses all the breth
the ren in Colorado and Omaha of being
use in league with the world, the flesh
35 and the devil to rob heaven of its
I of just share of the precious spoils i
earth. The conference has called
to him down, and he must answer to the
aly grave charge of conduct unbecoming
he a minister of the gospeL He expects
but to be "fired" and give out the intor
g to mation in advance that persecution
dic- cannot close his mouth. He will
eat- continue to preach as long as there i1
rat- a lung left, and the conference shall
arts not be suffered to forget that he was'
elan once a part of it. His zeal is com
ond mendable, but his judgment is lame.
Ihis
'alo, Poor Then, Rclh Now.
uar- Barnato, the mine owner of South
the Africa, is at present scattering his
ali millions in Paris. Twenty years ago
lidshe was very poor, and acted as clown
and in a circus, with two trained donkeys.
ry, He is now worth $160.000. lie was
ea- performlag in Kimberley to poor
o- houses, when, on a walk, he found a
very sparkling stone in the fields. It was
a diamond and worth $10,000. Bar.
Sto nato bought the fields around there
and and gradually looked up gems and
ledi- sold them. Thus he went on and did
sale likewise later with the Johannisburg
ad- gold mines. He is a fellow director
with Cecil Rhodes in the companiees
that control the mines.
ense - _ ------ -
iry The Largeest Bible,
the The largest Bible in the world is a
ue manuscript Hebrew Bible in the rvat
That sea, weilhing 320 pounds.