LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS.
VOL. II NATCHITOCHES, LOUISIANA, FRIDAY, SEPT. 6, 1895. NO. 3.
THE BANK QUESTION.
MAKE THEM RESPONSIBLE OR
CLOSE THEM UP.
Nearly all the Bosleess of the Coaflry is
Dose on a Credit lystem--Make Every
fBask Give Good Security to all of Its
Depositors.
The increased interest manifested
by the public on the bank question is
truly encouraging anal is proof that
thinking people are awakening to
living issues.
The power of bank corporations for
acquiring wealth, and the methods
employed, has been overlooked and
ignored, while other questions of far
less significance have been made sub
jects of endless contest.
Under present business methods
over ninety-four per cent of the com
mercial transactions of the country
is done with checks, drafts, or some
form of bank credit while less than
six per cent is done with cash.
All these transactionts are to a cer
tain extent influenced by the bank
power and in every case contribute
to its strength.
The secrets of banking lie in the
fact that depositors furnish the capi
for conducting the business while the
profits go to the bank.
People have generally labored un
der the mistaken idea that the bank
afforded security and was a safe place
of deposit.
Increased knowledge on this point
and attention to the evils of our pres
ent insecure method is the strongest
evidence that the public is taking a
lively interest on this issue.
Scarely an objection is offered to
the demand for government banks of
deposit, while the demand for banks
transacting a general loan and ex
change business grows greater and
greater as the subject is considered
and made a matter of discussion.
While the present system is open
to criticism for many reasons, the t
most attention is being given at pres
ent to the lack of security for de
positors.
The fact that over $26,000,000 a
year is stolen from depositors by irre- t
sponsible bankers is enough to awaken
the most stupid and arouse the most
Indolent.
The money thus stolen is invariably
taken from the people who place it in
the bank with a feeling of confidence
and generally believing that they are
secure.
Under these conditions it is netural i
that the people should seek a remedy.
Perhaps the most easily applied p
and at once elffective plan for reach- e
leg this evil is the recent proposition
of the Iowa People's party conven
tion.
The fifth plank of their platform it
Is to the point It reads: c'
*"We further demand that untU CI
such time as a government system of ft
finance can be established that all a
banking institutions, national, state,
and private, be required to give sen- it
rity to depositors for all moneys re- is
ceived for deposit"
This is clearly a matter over which ci
the various state legislatures have ci
controL ei
It is clearly a matter over which
such control may with propriety be lo
extended tr
The machinery of our courts are
very elaborate in providing for the
si
enforcement of contracts and our
statute books are filled with law to
prevent impositions on the public.
The druggist must have his oertf
eato to guarantee the publio against
Laompetency.
The doctor mast have his diploma *e
and furnish proof that the public will PI
mot be impoed on by disholiest ig.
_oanee or quackeq. vi
Even the plumber who soldere a to
leak in the water pipe that carries PU
the lake water into your kitchen or tr
bath room is eqaired to be liooesed I
workman ad give a guarsante of his Ith
ability. r
It b uemme to enmerate. In
Instammsoe without uamber could be coi
named. s
Wb7 the should the beak be ex
bIs tho eayreason why they shoould m
pmeted to bm nsoure places of deposit, t
bwhoa they are nt th
When they are moeure lot them oi
provo it. p
Lot them grive seeurityr or quit bst- d
meas. ph
It is time to step this stealig of a
mlUlces- -
?he peoplo are tired of comedoce
Urge yoeur leglatureo to mt in this
matter. p
DrvO the fakirs eat ot every meal- lea
r atk realeti are -
F* *7.Aid ha
*bMr~ri- L se oIln W *A+e
2-;-t~.~~ii & 4J rrf·t
gold money therefor, wheu, to obtain
the gold for this or any other pur
pose, resort is had to the infamous,
)R skingame method of selling United
States bonds, which are exempt from
taxation; which call for twenty yoears'
interest at five per cent, so that for
u every million dollars thus obtained,
ry the people will have to pay two mil.
It, lion dollars, half as accruing interest
and the other half in repayment of the
loan.
When the president, his cabinet,
ad congress and others in exalted places
is so entirely disregard the law, why
at should the people be punished for
their breaking of excise laws, Sunday
to laws and otner laws which are in di
rect conflict with -nature and the act
or ual rights of man to life, liberty and
is the pursuit of happiness on non-crim
id iual lines?
sr Let us have a president and cabinet
b- who will observe the laws and then
let us have laws that will not be
Is changed every session of congress.-
l- Pomeroy Advance Thought.
.y
h1 Bully For Watson.
in S. E Watson writes the Dallas
N-ws as follows:
I hold these truths to be self-evi
dent:
1. That under the single gold stand
ard silver money will become like pa
i- per money, redeemable In gold, the
supply of real money will be reduced
1e one-half, precisely the same as if no
silver money existed.
2. The supply of real money having
been reduced one-half, the value of
money will be doubled.
S 3. All real money, being gold, is
now owned by a few men who control
the lives, fortunes, liberties, opinions,
actions and morals of millions.
a 4. It is a wicked scheme for the
enrichment of the few through legis
lation at the expense of the many.
f .5. The acts of demonetizing silver
were passed by falsification and trick
ery, if not by bribery and corruption,
are acts of gross injustice to nine
tenths of the people, were never
sanctioned by the people and are rev
olutionary and void under our consti
tution.
6. The greed for money is a sin t
against God, which the people should d
endeavor to eradicate from the hu
man breast by making it so plentiful
that its possession will not be so de- r
sirable and its power for evil less
ened. Gold and silver alone are nol
sufficient,
'Roh fo Des. c
At a recent political meeting in Chi- t
cago, a letter from E. V. Debi, now s
in jail was read. He says that t
to expect any change from the old a
parties is idiocy. "Both are controll
ed by the money power and both are p
equally debauched by this influence." it
He then refers to the present national d
administration as 'probably the most tI
infamous that has ever cursed tho si
country." He says that "'the Demo- e
cratic party is incapable and corrupt, u
full of false professions, detested and sa
scorned through the land, is as dead k
as a mummy and will be embalmed in ti
its own slime." He then states that p
in one regard the Republican party n
is superior to the Democratic, be- co
cause it does not hesitate to "boldly o
champion every measure calculated to ti
enlarge the power of plutocracy, while co
the Democratic makes a profession of ci
loyalty to the people to whom it turns w
traitor in the supreme hour. There w
is but one course open-to turn bold- st
ly to the People's party. It is impos- of
sible to either cleanse or reorganize ti
the old parties." ci
fr
Corroet You Are ti
The city council has been offered a
$1600 per annum for the lease of our
electrio light plant by an outside to
party, so we are informed. We are
strictly opposed to any private .indi- f
vidual having the privilege or power
to dictate to citizens what they shall 0
pay for public necessities. Wherever
tried municipal ownershbip of lights,
water, etc., has proven benefioial to as
the people, inasmuch as rates are
raurely ever as high as whree private
individuals controL This is because
cities do aot expect to enrich them
elves in the busielse while private E
individuals always do. Therefore a
under city, county, state or national
management rates chared for cer- h
tai privilege always decrease after of
the originally invested capital is paid
off ad interest eesee When the f
patrmage increse rates are re
duces. Thus, our water and light
plant is a splendid argument for gov
emneret ownership of railroads ad as
telegbapu~h--Halletsville New Era 
Mayhbe Ss Marye oe.
When the Amerlea people, or a
portiLen of them, rebel aainLst bnes
ism and ring-rule they simply change t
boes sad rigs-Texasu Farm ad
Thbs isLtrueof tbhe past, for there
is no dlfeene between the two old to
partiej bet If they tr he Popalists , e
eae It will be quite diferet.
sl ~, S6 yearsago,we had te
millimrIe, sad o tramps, now we
hra lo4es end aet.- Ni
*** tnewspth bseaalsamery. mi.e
nd eeatipeseL IY high plane, r the
ae spgee'6S 5kb-eM tiba umi ye
"MAKE US A KING TO
d JUDGE US LIKE ALL THE NA
n TIONS," SAID THE JEWS.
And the Prophet Answered Them:
"And He Will Take Your Fields and
it Your Vineyards, and Olivoyards, Even
the Best of Them."
Our nobility-imitating aristocracy
who are in the saddle, clamor ,r an
rinternational financial system. Like
the children of Israel they say
-"make us a king to judge us like all
nations." The prophet answered
them: .'And he will take your fields
and your vineyards, and your olive
yards, even the best of them." And
what else will an international system
n do but reduce the people to the same
e level of poverty wherever that money
system exists. If our money is inter
national our industries must speedily
become international. The money of
a country fixes the status of the indus
tries of that country. Make our money
International, and we make the con
dltiou of the people international as
- rapidly as the change can be brought
about. An international money will
flow to those places where the money
will buy the most merchandise or the
most labor, and poverty and low
I prices will flow back to till the vacuum
left by the money. With no impedi
ments at national lines to check its
movement an international money
will equalize everything that is in
fluenced by money within its pre
scribed bounds. An international
I money means international poverty.
international class laws, international
special privileges, an international
aristocracy of wealth and privilege.
Our aristocratic rulers have been
clamoring for an international silver
convention to adjust our silver to an
international standard, so that it can
flow from one country to another
without interruption by becoming a
commodity, and pass current as legal
tender in all countries. This step
accomplished there is nothing to do
to complete the conspiracy but abolish
the greenbacks and silver certificates,
declare gold an international money,
which it practically is already, and
delegate to national banks the sole
right of issue of paper money, said
paper money to be guaranteed by the
United States. Their bank currency
would then circulate as readily in
Europe and the British Isles as in this
country, and the clearing-house of
this great money octopus would be
shiased to London. and that branch of
the business of this country be trans
acted by cable.
A little more perfecting of their
plans and this giant conspiracy for
international money, conquest and
dominion will be accomplished, and
the navies and the arsenals will be
subverted to form a grand financial
empire and be used to maintain its
universal dominion. That the master
spirits in the conspiracy against man
kind are aiming at this consumma
tion none can doubt who will take
pains to trace their stealthy move
ments for the last three quarters of a
century. As their plans succeeded
one after another it is only natural
that their ambition for universal I
conquest should grow. In this
country the conspirators have found a
willing tools and an easy victim. Our a
whole people virtually have become I
so infatuated, grasping for dollars I
only, that they have not discovered I
that a greater grasper is following as t
closely as their shadow, and taking I
from them all they can gather. Sta
tisticians tell us that we have been
adding enormously to the wealth of $
the nation in the last third of a cen- d
tury. Where is this fabulous wealth? .
In possession of the money trust or s
financial empire of the world with the
house of Rothschild as ruler by suc
cession.
And this is the king our people are
asking for to "judge us like all the b
nations;" and conditions rising all
around us are speaking in the lan
guage of Samuel, the prophet of old,
'-And he will take your men-servants c
and your maid-servants and your n
goodliest young men and your masses c
and put them to his work."
Who can look around him sad be- tI
hold the bread taken from the hand p
of labor and the poverty and want C
which stalk at noonday and not con
feess that the words of the prophet are
being fulfilled this day?
Meoawhile a subsidized press and
corrupted congress are crying out for
an exacting, plundering financial sys
tem "like that of all the natilons?"- ~
Washington Watchman.
Peer Fefllws. U
Just now the money kings are busy
telllng how mierable and wretched
they are in the midst of all their
wealth, and that the happleet days II
they ever saw was when they only re- l
osived0 per day, et. A man is an
truly to be pitied who knowas Just pl
how to make himself hapyy and hasun't
see nough to do it-Mlllereburg I
(0.) SentieL
a~ner ersedl up. p1
MI. E. . Peters of Calvert said toa di
News reporter, a Waco: "My atteo- o
time has been called to. amatiolela rea
the Dallas News of August 15 from P
yew srrspdt at -Plano ia rise
Came tu a el themaaman as
U W. Bailey of the remark of Senator
Peffer at Fort Worth. I wish to say
that I was on the platform at McKin
t. ney, sitting next to lion. A. J.
Streeter of Illinois and within three
feet of Mr. Batley and Senator Pefter,
and Senator PetTer told the truth as
f it occurred at that time, and Mr. J.
da W. Bailey stated, when the senator
,, congratulated him upon his tine
speech, that he would leave the Demo
cratic party if they did not pass a
free coinage bill should they, the
'y Democrats, be elected. I do not blame
an Congressman Bailey for wanting to
[e deny it, and I will not be surprised
- to hear of him denying that he ever
11 made a speech in favor of the free
id coinage of silver at the ratio of 16 tc
is 1 in about two years, when he will be
e- with the goldbug crowd, where he
d belongs."
in -- --- -
le EDITORIAL OPINIONS.
r- Nugent political stock is on the
y rise.-San Antonio Express.
. Why are rich men spending for
tunes in building great armories in
t. all the big cities for the accommoda
tion and drilling of troops.-New
,t Charter.
II Go measure the length of a grave
y in the potter's field before you vote a
e bonded debt on your Children and
e your children's children.--Pueblo Re
n form Proess.
S Who is to control the volume of
' the currency in this country, is of
greater importance to the people than
the question of free silver.-George
town Sentinel.
Free coinage, treasury notes and
6 permanent prosperity, or a gold
i standard, bank notes and poverty.is
the issue. Which siue are you on?
n Corsicana Truth.
r The man in America who starves
n to death is murdered-and every per
n son who upholds the system of dog
r eat-dog under which humanity is be
ing crushed, is guilty of the crime.
1 Industrial Advocate.
Eight years after the Dred Scott
decision not a slave existed. Eight
years after the infamous decision of
our present United States supreme
court Debs decision not a corporation
will exist.-Denver Road.
The attempt to restore prosperity
3 based on confidence, may improve
conditions for a brief period, but con
1 fidence in the banks is too slender a
thread on which to depend for any
f permanent good.-Chicago Express.
Our fathers were three millions; we
are seventy millions. The human
heart is the same in the olden and
the fresher time. The mutterings of
discontent were unheeded by the
king's council and are despised by I
the president and his superservice
able cabinet.-Birminghamn Tribune.
To abate the alarm of the "sound"
money men we hasten to assure them
that very little of the gold mined in
Colorado costs less than $1 an ounce
to produce. This, we hope, will re
lieve their apprehension of a depre
ciated and cheap currency contain
ing less than $20.67 per ounce of "'in- 1
triusic value."-Denver News.
Is modern machinery -"labor say
lug?" Don't laborers have to work
just as hard as before? Shouldn't
such machines be called "capital ,
saving?" Shouldn't the time saved \
by machinery be divided so that la- u
borers get same pay for fewer hours
instead of all the benefit going into i
the pockets of the operators?-Sledge 1i
Hammer.
If the sovereign power to coin t
money is to be surrendered without a c
struggle, then the declaration of in- t;
dependence, the tevolutionary war s
and the war of the rebellion to pre- .4
serve the nation were all in vain, c
and we are yet only a dependency of a
the great international gold trust. c
Men who talk such a monetary sys
tem are insane, ignorant or traitors id
to their country.--Paola Times. n
Noegr Deolnatlon. e
Negro domination don't seem to be ii
cutting much figure In politics just u
now. The Democrats have been p
counting the negro vote and in some d
southern states have stolen the ofices Ii
thereby, and are therefore not in a o
position to talk as they once did.- a
Corsicana Truth.
Will uart She Dloegate.
A Wall street goldbug organ inti
mates that the south can be bought
for the gold standard. Not much!
Thank God, the people of the south
are not all like Hoke Smith and Car
lisle.-Hickory (N. C.) Mercury.
.They may buy the delegates, but t
the masses are determined.
Plety oef Evidesc. O
Another bank failure at Chillicothe, di
Mo. If one would take time to col
led and publish all the business fail
ures, the evidence of our returning
prosperity would be at hand.
Tax men in one of the Pennsylva- pi
alna iron mills have just had their I
wges increased from $2.60 to $2.76 hi
per ton. This will enable a few to o0
draw the large sum of $8 per week, o1
out of which they must lpay house at
rent and support a fasaily. Now you
Populists ought to hush. We have tc
,,nboundad proeperity and retmasla W
o08lrdrrloo.*
y YOU SHOULD THINK.
WHO IS IT THAT'S HELPED'BY
GOVERNMENT.
I. Where is the Trouble? Is it in Produe
tlen, Distribution or Is it in Our Cur
reseay System, or I)oes Monopoly Rule
This Country?
ie
e You have heard some "smn:art" and
ao "important" mien declare that """ov
d erment cannot help the people."
r haven't you? )id you ever think
e about this. Did you \ver try to find
.c Out whether tnese very men were not
e themselves being ''helped" by go,
ernment? Let us look at it and be
honest:
Are not national bankers prosper
ous because they have government
".help?"
e Are not bondholders prosperous be
cause they have government "help' I
Are not the thieving tru't, and
scheming syndicates prosperous be
n cause they have government -"help'"
- Are not the owners (seldom the in
R ventors) of valuable patents prosper
ous because they have government
e "help?"
a Are not those who hold t aluablo
I land out of use and set legal owner
- ship above natural ownership pros
perous because they have government
f ."help?"
Are not the owners of street rail
ways and gas plants and electric
- light plants prosperous because they
have government *"hep:""
I'anally, is not many an otherwise
I impecunious lawyer, who defends the
whole brood of monopolists, prosper
ous because he gets government
- "help?"''
Don't you think you would be pros
s perous if government would *"help"
- you to a monopoly or something the
people were compelled to use:
T- he fact is, friend, that nobody is
anybody in America to-day without
government *-help?" The fellows
t who are being "helped" by govern
t ment rather enjoy the "help:" they
live sumptuously and die comforta
bly; they have seized upon govern
ment or their own advantage. Now,
is it not clear that the duty of the
masses-the workers-is to seize tho
government for the general benefit?
If it takes twenty pounds of cotton
to get a dollar, isn't there something
the matter with the dollar?
If you have to work ten hours to 1
get a dollar, when you used to get
two for ten hours, what's the matter?
1 Isn't the matter in the dollar:'
If it takes two bushels of wheat to I
I get a dollar, isn't there something
wrong with the dollar, when you I
used to get a dollar for one bushel?
If you have to sell twice as many 1
goods to get dollars enough to pay I
store rent as you once did, is the
trouble in your goods or the dollars''?
If the trouble is not in the dollar,
where is it? Wouldn't it be a good I
thing to locate the trouble, wherever
it is, and then cure it? Or, do you
think "good times" will cure it? If
you do, what do you say to this fact: s
With the same kind of "good times"
as we have had in the past, and the
same concentration of wealth in the
hands of the people who don't create
it, all the wealth in fourteen years ,
will be owned by a few monopolists.
Who will own you then? Who will
own your children? Can you think?
Don't flatter yourself that the lone
idea of more money will settle the
labor problem. It will bring relief,
but this is an age of machinery and
the machines that make shoes, b
clothes, coats, hats, wagons, plows. C
that bale hay, plant, harvest and P
stack wheat, set type, print, cut and
fold newspapers, pull stumps, plow
corn and work roads and in fact do
all kinds of labor so much better, C
cheaper and quicker than you can,
will find employment while you are
idle, no matter how plentiful money
may be. Nine million producers now
supply the wants of our sixty or sev
enty millions of people. A few more
inventions equal to the type-setting O
machines, hay-balers and stump
pullers and that number will be re- rc
duced one-half. You see the labor
ing man will soon be largely like an
outgrown suit of clothes.-Coming
nation.
Certallu.* Se, th
Men have got rich honestly;but it is
much to be doubted if any man by
means that were wholly honest and
worthy, save by inheritance. has ever P
reached the position of a multimillion- f
aire. To-day the greatest enemy to "
the working man is the monopoly hi
power of money. It can be crushed 01
out by law, and it ought to be--New tr
Orleans Picayune. be
Certainly so. But it will never be
done by either of the old parties, for
the money power controls the leaders. y
The people more and more realize p1
that the Populists are the only siver bi
party. At the recent conference in w
Washington of silver Democrats not H
half the states were represented and t
out of 86 persons present, a majority se
of them were from three states. This ri
shows conclusively that the Demo- s
cratiLo party is less and less inclined as
to antLagonize the dominant wing, t
which consists of single-standardites. In
-Crad landusatrial WeastL
.CONDITIONS IN NEBRASKA.
Corn P. smies a large Yield. Except to
the State's Garden Npot.
McCook, Neb.. Aug. 2G.--On crossing
the Missouri River running to Lincoln,
the Burlington land agents' party
found a prospect which, from an agri
cultural standpoint, could not be ex
celled. Corn is luxuriant and sturdy
and every stalk shows large-slz-d ea:rs
sticking out from it. It is so far ad
vanced that the uninitiated could be
d made to believe very readily that it is
past all harm from any source. Not.
withstanding its fine appearance, how
k ever, it is not yet out of danger of frost,
d and will not be for at least two weeks.
it A fne crop of oats has been reaped in
this section. Much of it is still in the
* shock and a good deal of it has been
stacked. It is thrashing out from
" thirty to fifty bushels to the acre and
will average about forty. The wheat
crop has all been harvested, and farm
era are now busy plowing their laid
I preparatory to putting in another crop
d of winter wheat.
Leaving Lincoln the outlook is much
less promising. Between Waverly and
Fairmont, a distance of sixty miles, is
a stretch of country which has usually
been described as the garden spot of
Nebraska. Crops have always been
abundant here, however poorly they
may have been in other parts of the
state. Last year and this year have
been the only known exceptions to this
rule. Somehow this belt has suffered
severely this year. It has rained copi
ously on all sides of it and all around
it, but the clouds refused to give it a
drop of moisture until too late to save
the corn crop. For a stretch of coun
try sixty miles long and sixty miles
t wide the corn crop is a comparative
failure. It will only run from a quarter
to half a crop, averaging as a whole
about one-third an ordinary crop.
Oats have not faired so badly. They
are thrashing out from thirty-1ive to
forty bushels an acre. Heavy rains fell
over this section at the end of last week
They came too late, however, to save
the bulk of the corn. Very much of it
is wilted beyond redemption and a good
deal of it has already been cut for fod
der. Wheat in this section is thrashing
out fifteen bushels to the acre.
8 West of Fairmont the scene again
o changes and an ocean of waving corn,
strong and luxuriant, is to be seen as
I far as the eye can reach in every direc.
tion. The crop from Hastings to the
western boundary of the state is prac
D tically made, and nothing but a killing
t frost can now blight it. It will average
not less than sixty bushels to the acre,
and very many large fields will yield
fifty bushels.
Around McCook is where the disas
I ters of last year were most severely
felt. The gains of this year have more
than made up for the losses then sus
tained. The whole section of country
looks like a veritable garden, and the
people feel buoyant beyond expression.
Winter wheat is thrashing out about
twenty bushels to the acre and the best
fields are yielding thirty bushels.
Spring wheat is running from twelve
to eighteen bushels to the acre. Oats
average from fifty to sixty bushels, the
best fields thrashing out 100 bushels.
Alfalfa is a new crop here with
which the people are delighted. All
kinds of live stock eat it with relish,
and it is proving to be fattening fodder.
The first year it yields one ton to the
acre, but after the third year it yields
three crops a year, which foot up seven
and one-half tons to the acre. It is
worth in the market $5 per ton, but to
feed cattle the results have shown it to
be worth $70 per acre. It is the coming
crop all along the the fiats of the Re
publican valley.
A "Mighbt Have Iycen."
Caarol D. Wright. now head of the
census bureau, thinks that $2,000,O00)
and one year's time might have been
saved on the census of I8'U. Any
one who contemplates the enormous
volumes of staltistics, utterly useless
to the country at large, even if they
were correct, as they notoriously are
not, is prone to think that $10,000.
000 and five years' time might have
been saved, yet a census full enough
for all practical purposes would have
resulted.
Eleotrlety at long Rmange.
A company of capitalslkts has been
organized in San Francisco. which
hopes to supply some 20,000 horse
power of electric energy to that city,
by daming a stream seventy-five
miles from the city, and building a
power plant there. They can get a
fall of 464 feet, and calculate that the
supply of water will furnish 28,96'
horse-power at the works, 72 per cent
of which can be delivered. The elec
tricity will be delivered over large
bare copper wires overhead.
One Way.
Judeon N. Cross, a Minneapolis at
torney, has written a letter to Presi
dent D)ole, of Hawaii, suggesting a
plan by which he thinks Hawaii can
be annexed to the United State.,
whether Mr. Cleveland likes it or not.
He advises Hawaii to send delegates
to congress, who shall demand to be
seated on the same terms as territo
rial delegates. Congress, Mr. Cross
says, would seat them, and that would
settle the matter. He maintains that
there are logical reasons and histor
ical precedente for such a oourse o