LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS
VOL. 11. NATCHITOCHES, LOUISIANA, FRIDAY, JUNE 12, 18tH;. N. -.
A POSTMASTER'S WIFE
t LEEDS WOMAN WHO ASTON
ISHED HER FRIENDS AND
NEIGHBORS.
Near to Death but Restored So Completely
That She Has Been Aceepted By a Lie
lasurasce Company as a Good Rilk.
From the Journal, Lewiston, Me.
A bright little woman, rosy and fresh
from her household duties, dropped into
a chair before the writer and talked
with enthusiasm shining in her snap
ping, black eyes.
The people in the pretty village of
Leeds Centre, Me., have watched with
some interest the restoration to com
plete health of Mrs. W. L. Francis, wife
of the postmaster. So general were the
comments on this interesting case that
the writer who visited Mrs. Francis and
learned from her that the statements
regarding her troubles and her subse
quent extrication therefrom are entirely
true. All of her neighbors know what
has been the agency that has performed
this cure, but that others may be bene
fited by her experience, Mrs. Francis
has consented to allow her story to ap
pear in print
"If there Is anything on earth I dread
more than another," she said. "it is to
see my name In the papers. But in this
case I conquer my repugnance and give
publicly the same credit to the savipr
of my life as I would to one who had
dragged me from a death beneath the
waves. In fact. I have extolled my
preserver so enthusiastically and un
reservedly, have sought out sufferers
and recommended the remedy to so
many friends and acquaintances that
already my neighbors Jocularly call me,
'Pink Pills Francls.' But really, my re
-overy is something that I conasider
wonderful. I know that there are so
many testimonials of medicine in the
papers nowadays that people do not pay
as much heed as formerly, but I do wish
folks who are suffering would remem
ber that what I say comes right from
the heart of a woman who feels that
she had a new lease of happy life given
to her.
"Eleven years ago I was afflicted with
nervous prostration. My existence until
two years ago was one of dragging mis
ery. Anyone in the village will ten you
of my condition. My blood seemed ex
hausted from my veins and month after
month I grew weaker. I was able
to undertake only the lightest household
work, and even then I could perform It
only by slow and careful movements.
During all these sorry months and
years I was under the care of this doc
tor and that, but their meOg pes helped
me only spasmodically, sd ten I fell
Into relapses more prostrating than
ever.
In the night I used to awakened
by the most excruciating a In my
heart and side, and was obliged t ase
pellets of powerful medicine that the
doctor gave me for relief In such at
tac·ks At uast my condition became so
grave thae I went out only Infrequent
ly. We live upetairs, you otice, over
my husband's store, sa d in
the stairway I frequently was obi
to sort of fall and slid over the steps
In order to descend. such was the strain
on my system resultng from even this
slight exertion Occasionally I visited
the eghbors, but I was obd to sit
and re to recover breath w esen d
iag any elevation. In short, it did not
seem that I could live, such was my
complete physical prostration.
"One day I saw an advertisement of
Dr. Wilitams' Plak Pills for Pale People
and although myr ath in remedies was
weak by that tlbe, I seat for a boa anl
tried them. That was two. years ag. I
Now I call myself a wae weman. Isn't
It wonderful?
"I haven't had one of those exoruelat
tog palns In the heart for a year and a
halt. Why, even the rat box of ph I
helped me. I can walk miles now;: an
do my work easily; have gained In
weight constantly, and you wold I
scarcely believe it, but a little while
ago I was examined for endowment life
insurance and was accepted ues
tat ly after a careful emiatg by
"D you wonder that rm sheltltn
'Pink Pile' aV through our ville I
haven't takea say of the remedy for
some mesths for it has eompletely blt
me up, but at the irst sign treuble
I know to what refuge to e.
"Last year my anat, Mrs. M. A. Be1I
som, fo DisdeM, P. 0., was mhe visit
ag me. She was suferlg frees a gok 
of vitality sad heart trouble, but e
was skptisal abut my remed that
was so eathlestleflly .dvoeatlg At
l, hLmever, he tried it and carretl d
some hoe with er when she weat. A
little wle ageo I reeived a letter em '
her, dad In It aid. I am eared. thaks
to GeO sad Plak PiLs' She a.o wreb
that her ashead had bem prestrated
but bas been restored Iby the medy. I
On et the pm e to whem Mrs.
Pas] l reeem~dad lak P ins tS.
toe Aent C. . Pester, oat bee C '
tre. hab$ he 2088 bhla pall- I
ma teZ r asm tty t m e amtral
- th-r-- tr. Mtr. PYeTtr, h -
5·nrSbt sma t per I
gaCtime withO a begat
beesIbL e th e d We
istesasid Ia I am
reaehou s t!he t j
r~bn4 wlI
a Ir~lr
~uredas ha be
*~~V P~! OktC
Z--a kbCa
.· · . r;a ~r~ IC~t 1I
aiL-r 4·I r
a IjlI
'I
HON. H. E. TAUBENECK.
HIS POSITION AS CHAIRMAN
PLAINLY DEFINED.
He Boldly Denounces ialse Reports Beinl
Clrcalated to Injure the Party-There
Will be no Surrender or Fusion With
Any Party.
The following letter from Bro. Tau
beneck fully explains itself. It is ex
actly in line with his ;sterances before
I the state executive committee at Dal
las in February Irst. This letter
should set at rest all the rumors as to
his being in "favor of fusion," "aban
doning the Omaha platform," his be
ing in favor of "the single plank idea,"
etc. Populist editors should be care
ful how they assail men. Very often
there is no "negro in the woodpile"
simply a diseased or imperfect vision.
"Let us have peace," and we will win.
The following is the letter, written
to the editor of the Jolliet (I11.) News,
in reply to an inquiry regarding a fake
dispatch recently sent out from Indian
apolis, and is clipped from the St.
Louls, Mo., Evrning Journal:
Charles H. Ferris, Joliet, Ill.--My
Dear Sir: Yours of the 20th instant,
enclosing clipping from the Chicago
Record, containing press dispatch from
Indianapolis, dated May 19, giving
what is supposed to be the proceedings
of a conference between the Indiana
populists, bi-metallists and silver dem
ocrats, received yesterday. In reply
will state that so far as headquarters
and the national committee are con
cerned, there is not one word of truth
In the report. It is a deliberate false
hood and fabrication from beginning
to end. If Indiana populists have gone
into a combination of this kind, they
have not taken any one in other states
into their confidence. No populist, bi
metalist or silver democrat has ever
mentioned a single word to me about
a combination, as stated in the dis
patch.
You must accept, with much allow
ance, anything that comes from In
dianapolis. 'wice before, and within I
the last year, have fake statements
and dispatches, In which populists have
iured, emanated from that city. I
repeat, as I have a hundred times be
fore, that no union of the reform forces
can ever be perfected in either of the
old parties. I have speat too much
time eand labor to get people to leave
the old parties, sad I dhall not advise
them to go back, regardless of what
their respective parties may do. Pop- t
ulist editors and papulists in general
must realize that we cannot control
the columns of the old party press. We
have no way to prevent them from pub
-liblag fake statements. Anything that
appears along those lines, especially a
now when there seems to be a break-up a
in the ranks of the old parties, most
be accepted with sch allowance. It
matters not what the democratic party ,
say do at Chicago, or what the bi- a
metallhist may do at St. Louis, or
whether they meet au at all, the Peo- u
plea' party will hold a national con- o
vestio July 22, make a platform and ,
nominate candidates for president and c
vice-president. Our convention will
be controlled by populists, and what- a
ever is done at that convention will be
the work of the representatives of the
people's party, elected by the membirs
of that party throughout the United
States.
T'Is'rrort from Indianapolis in re
gard to the popullsts Ildorsing the
nominees the Chicago convention is
an a per with the statement made about 
a ee-pkask pletoer, oa single silver
plank platorm. There tea't a populst
in tr United tates, a far as I know.
who has ever adv·cated a oae-pleak
plattform, still le a single silver psak
platform. I never did ad do not now Is
avr such a plerum.
It is no resdlt to a gntm or a
pulst paper to mlrepmsent the t
vIews c oMers. The talk of sulla y
out- cotrauldl state cnventlas anad
stae delegiates, is a downright inault
to every peglr he tale land. As l.
.. p.epaulat could as persuande I'
i do somlethi rgai their convic
tuA! It is hmmllathla to the peao
plum perbtt haew populist ppe pub
Us such naeu. If I Iada better
eilem p te am age p pulist than
tem pem er gm I ertainly weaul
the paerulbs ar beast, sufi at eay
- esuwteuau ther 9 do ia t
-a.p, hi a snght t e o i ·f L
I ent si t and th eae
riIl itlo weases nearL Ia
iI" AMOUNTS TO THE SAME THIPIO. r
I It
P"/'" ,
y' - ,a"· -
/ A
The Capitalist-Pile in your goods, my man, if you want gold to use isp
paying your interest and taxes; you see the weight of the dollar has not '
changed. 1
Producer-Perhaps not, but somebody has been monkeying with the scales.- lt
National Blmetallist. th
tions confront us in 1896. That is, they
will do that which Is beet for the peo
pe's party, and not for either of the
old parties. Whether the silver organi
zations throughout the United States
meet with us at St. L.mis or not, will
not in the slightest degree deter us from
pursuing the same course as though
they had not called a convention for the
same date and place as ours. Nor will
the people's party ever surrender the
principle that the government alone
has a right to issue the money, whether
it is gold, silver or paper, and that all
money must be a full legal tender and
not redeemable in coin. Let the popu
lists throughout the United States elect
good, honest, truee, cool and deliberate
men as delegates to the national con
vention, and we need not have the
slightest fear as to the results.
The people's party, at its national
convention, will take care of itself,
regardless of what the democrats may
do at Ohiicago. I have no time to enter
into a controversy with any member
of our Darty: no good can result from
this. Dissension in our ranks Is the
last argument to win recruits. I am
anxious that our national convention
shal! be a success in uniting all the el
ements opposed to present conditions.
We need every voter who is dissatis
fed with the old parties. I repeat
again that so far as the notional com
mittee is concerned, this report from
Indinapolis is a deliberate falsehood,
manufactured for the purpose of cre
atin~ dissension in our ranks. And If
it does create any diseesion, the pop
ulists will be reponsble for it. We
ought not to let these reports interfere
with what is our duty toward our
country. Nothlng would suit the re
publioas nnd democrats so well as dis
senalon in our ranks; especially now
when they know we will receive a
large following from their ranks in the
south and west. Yours for our cause,
H. E. TAUBENDCK.
Monopoly will be abolished.
Stand by correct principles to the
end.
Hew to the line, never mind where
the chips fall.
Obliterate all inequalities before the
law, and let us again enthrone Justice.
There is only one thing for popullts
to do-vote the ticket whether it suite
you or not.
Populist principles are correct; now
let as use policy to get them enacted
into law.
The lamb and the lion (the negro
and the democrat) are at peace at last.
They now vote together.
And the state house juta has hoo
dooed old Grandpa Roberts, and he has
withdrawn from the race for governor.
There are 4074 mlllionalres and over
40 national banks in this country,
both the ereatures ot dlass legislation.
A time pamI the plot thltens in
ee m sratle play in Texas, ov. I
owIrts hiavbr ftied in the Irt quar
Coant.e your migtrF that law
Mis moasn,. and that antes as t
uws opn to the Iealbs4 raWberia the I
-oWI
, .  I i~
i
How can a people prosper when It
takes about $1,711.000.000 every year to
pay the interest on what they owe?
What wicked, cruel incompetency that
produces such results.
There is only $660.605.433 of gold
in the whole world. The United States
needs, or should have, $3,000,000,000
as a circulating medium. Where is the
gold to come from?
Henry Clay, the greatest of the
Whigs, said udncernirg national banks:
"I conceive the establishment of United
States banks as dangerous to the safety
and welfare of the republic." And he
was right.
It cannot be truthfully said that the
old party leaders are fools. They are
responsible for existing conditions in
this country, and it being conceded
that they are sensible men, then it fol
lows that they are knaves.
There is no better established princ
ple than that by doubling the value of
money you decrease the value of pro
ducts one-half; or, If you double the
amount of money hence cheapen it, you
increase the value of products one-half.
Under existing conditions it is possi
ble for the few to absorb the wealth
of the country as rapidly as it is pro
duced. This Is the direct result of
class laws, and it will never be different
so long as either of the two old parties
are in power.
The national banking system must
go. John C. Calhoun said: "The bank
is a union of the government and mon
ey power-a union far more dangerous
than church and state." If one bank
recognised by the government was con
sidered so dangerous in those days,
how about 4000 of them now?
Thomas H. Benton, sp.aking of the
government chartering a bank, said:
"The government ought not to dele
gate this power if it could. It is too
great to be trusted to any banking
company whatever, or to any but the
highest and most responsible govern
ment." What was then true is true
now. Awq' with the national banks.
The financial demands of the people's
party platform covers all the ground:
"We demand a national currency, safe,
sound and flexible, issued by the gen
eral government only; a full legal ten
der for all debts, public and private,
and that without the use of banking
corporations."
"If all the lawyers," says Senator
Pefer, "who are in the employ or re
tained in the interest of the great rail
way systems in the country were mar
shalled together they would iesm an
army as large as sea. Jackson had at
New Orleans." These are the gentlemea
wio have the time and inelination to
handle the conventions of the old par
ties, aod do so. How can reform come
from that source?
In 1860 we had a population of 31,
448321. and actual wealth to the
amount of $013 per capita, while in
1.m we had 2,3,250 of population,
and only $11 per capita of wealth.
What Is the reason that theen has bee
ly an increase per capita 3in years
of $6? Orr populatims ew is more
than double what it was In INN. If it
In net due to the contraetleo at the "4w.
mrsa It s lthe case?
THE GAME OF WHIST.
MINISTERS PLAY THE GAME ON
A COFFIN.
Beau Brummeol Won a Large Bum
Colley Cbber's Witty Remark to His
Irritable Old Partner-Louis P'hllppe's
Ambassador.
ANY strangestortes
are told of whist
playing, says the
Boston Post, but
none can excel this:
Some years ago
there was a whist
club in Somerset
shir , England,
composed mostly of
ministers. T h e y
met every Sunday
evening in the back parlor of a barber.
Four of these were one time acting as
pall-bearers at the funeral of a rever
end brother, when a delay occurred,
owing to the grave being not quite
ready, and the coffin was set down at
the chancel. By way of whiling away
the time one of them produced a pack
of cards from his pocket and proposed a
few hands of whist. The rest gladly
assented and they were deep in the
game when the sexton came to an
nounce that the preparations were com
is plete.
o0 Goldsmith tells of an old lady who,
lying sick unto death, played cards with
the curate to pass the time away, and,
after winning all his money, had just
it prepared to play for her funeral charges
when she expired.
et Metternich, the great Austrian
at statesman, owed to a single game of
whist the greatest sorrow of his life.
One evening, while he was engaged in
his favorite game, an express arrived
ild with dispatches from Galicia. He
es placed the papers on the mantelpiece
)0 and went on playing all that night and
he far into the morning. When the party
broke up he was horrified to learn that
upon his immediate reply to the dis
he patches depended the fate of 2,000 inno
a:: cent persons. Had Metternich loved
ed whist less passionately, history had
never recorded the infamous Galician
ty massacre. It is said that when the
he revolution broke out in Paris repeated
and frantic messages were sent to
Charles X., informing him of the state
of affairs. The king was engrossed in
re cards, however, and not to be disturbed
in and each time the reply came: "His
ed majesty is playing whist."
l- Another cool whist player was Lord
Sligo. When the news arrived that
his magnificent residence was on fire he
3- stopped only a moment to ascertain
of whether or not his presence could be of
o- material service on the scene of the con
e fiagration. Findmig that it would not.
)n he calmly took up the hand which had
10 been dealt him while he was talking
with the messenger and resumed play.
Does whist playing cause or encour
age heartlessness? When Lord Thanet
was in the Tower for the O'Connor riot,
three friends-the duke of Bedford, the
duke De Laval and Capt. Smith-were
admitted to play whist with him, and
e remained till the lock-up hour of 11.
Early in the sitting Capt. Smith fell
back In a ft of apoplexy, and one of the
st party rose to call for help. "Stop," cried
tk another, "we shall be turned out if you
l. make a noise; let our friend alone till
11; we can play dummy, and he will be
none the worse, for I can read death in
his face."
A case where a single game of whist
was responsible for a good deal was
that in which G. H. Drummond of the
. famous Charing Cross banking house
. of London lost $100,000 at a single sit
ting to Beau Brummel. When his loss
Sbecame known to Drummond's partners
they decided that a gambler was an un
desirable associate in a business requir
ing for p;osperity the confidence of the t
Spublic in its managers. They there- i
I fore forced him to retire.
S Unless Espartero and his foe, Marota,,
are much belled, their quarrel was set
a tied by a game of cards in a farmhouse
at Bergara, where they met to arrange a
. truce between their respective forces.
I No sooner did Eapartero enter the room
- than the Carlist chief challenged him to
a game of tresillo, a challenge the
Christino aoctrted with alacrity. Es- 1
partere first won all Marota's money,
then his own conditions for the truce,
Sarticle by article, and finally the entire t
submissin of the Carlist army. With
Sin twenty-four hours Marota had paid
his debt and therferce Carlist war was
at an end.
A Yarborough hand is a hand in a
which there is no card above a nine a
spot. The name given to this hand is 4
Sderived from a certain Lord Yarbor- I
ough, who aused to offer the attractive I
Sbut very safe wager of 1,0O0 pounds to 1
pound that a hand of this sort would!
not be dealt. His lordship may have
Sworked out the hances or he may not, I
j but the fact is that such a hand occura I
i only once in 1,327 rounds, although I
Pmmbrid~e ays he has held three Yar- a
borouhs in a single evening. His lord
I ship's wager, to be quite fair, should
h·ave been 1,327 pounds to 1 pound. It
its said that he won his wager many
• " thousnd time
SAccordlng to a reeent report a yonung
Isdy at s whtLo aty hed teptq he
thirteen trumps. Such a hand Is ex
credingly rare. As for the chances of
holding a thirteen-trump hand, they are
figured to be 160,000,000,000 to 1.
At the Union club of ttologne sonie
years ago the dealer dealt the twenty
six red cards to himself and partn'r
and all the black cards to their oppo
nents. When we come to realize that
the odds against such a round of hands
are 8.000,000,000 to 1, we must admit
that this was a very remarkable deal.
Louis Phillippe, while playing whi.,t
one evening, dropped a louis and
sto1pped the game to look for it, whero
upox. a foreign ambassador, one of the
party, set fire to a billet of 1,000 francs
to give a light to the king for his search
under the table. The ambassador evi
dently had money to burn.
Colley Cibber was once playing oppo
site an old gentleman who became very
irritable when his partner, who waas no
very good player, made a misplay. On
one of those occasions Colley remarked,
calmly: "Don't be angry, general, for
damme, I can play ten times worse if I
like."
WANTED HIS WIFE.
Inebriated Travel.Ig Man Plays a Queer
Prank.
A man, well dressed and prosp rouns
looking, but with a drunken leer on
his face, rolled into the telegraph office
at the union depot yesterday, reached
several times for a pad of telegraph
blanks before he got it and then wrote
a message and handed it to Manager
John P. Altberger, says the Kansan
City Star.
"What do you call this?" asked Alt
berger, after he had wasted some time
in trying to read it.
" 'S' message." replied the man.
"It's so jerky that I can't read it.
What does It say?" asked Altberger
again.
" 'S' message my wife. I'm drunk,
don't you see?" said the man.
"Yes, I see you're drunk," heplied
Altberger.
"That's wha's the matter, I'm drunk
an' want my wife."
After awhile Manager Altberger
made out that the message was directed
to a woman in Chicago. It read:
"Am in Kansas City drunk. Need
you immediately. Come on first train."
The message was signed by the man's
name in full. The inebriate grew con
fidential and told Manager Altberger
that he was a traveling man who had
taken a cure a year and a half ago and
had not taken a drink since then until
he arrived in Kansas City lant week
and fell in with some boon comnp n ons
of olden days and they i1I him astray.
He said he hadn't the moral nourar to
sober up and wanted his wife to come
and take him home. Manager Alt
berger sent the telegram and in a short
time received this reply.
"Will leave on the 6 o'clck train. Bs
there in the morning."
Story em Jueltce Gray.
The Washington Times tells the fol
lowing story on Justice Gray of ;hwe
United States supreme court. He had
gone down into Delaware to hold court
and was met by a deputy marshal. The
fees are not large down in that section
and the deputy marshals are not the
richest men around. So this deputy
met the justice and was ready to walk
over into town.
"Where is your carriage?" asked Jues
tice Gray. "Well, Mr. Justice, you see
our fees are small, and if I hired a car
riage I would have nothing left." "Yout
get the carriage," said the justice:
"there is an account to which it can be
charged. Write to the marshal in Bal
timore and he'll tell you what to do."
So Justica Gray rode over to the town
and the deputy marshal wrote to his
superior. Shortly after the return of
Justice Gray he received a letter from
the deputy marshal, saying the carriage
bil was all right. "The marshall tells
me," he wrote, "to charge it up to the
account of prisoners."
Three B" OlivLe Oree.
Three of the largest olive orchtrds
In the world are being planted in sonth
ern California this season. The largest
is that of Andrew McNally, of the pub
lisltlng.firm of Rand & McNally, of
Chicago. He has men at work laying
at a 400-acre olive grove near Fuller
ton, in Orange county. He will plant
4).,000 olive trees. In the vicinity of
fcoltos. Barnet Stevenson, a cousin of
Vice-President Stevenson, owns, with
Mrs. A. U. Stevenson, several hundred
acres of land. An olive grove of 340
acres is being prepared there. Some 34,
00- trees have been bought in Pomona
for the Stevenson grove. D. E. Emery.
recently of Oakland, is having 240 acres
of olives planted near Whittler. Never
has there been such extensvre planting
of olive groves, both big and little, in
Southern California, as this season.
Pomona Valley nurseries have sold al
ready 200,000 olive trees, and the sea
son is only half over.-San Francisco
Chronlele.
Prepederc* eof Women.
The population of the world averages
109 women to every 100 men. Eight
ninths of the sudden deaths are the.
aeu salJ