Tr be wise we most learn and forget
something every day.
"'eamon' Magio Corn Salve."
vartnted to acur or money refundeo. Ak 0 you
r.ae for it Prlce 15 cent.
Perhaps the most distressing poverty is
a want of common sense.
-- -
K. I THOMPSON & CO. DrolrPts. Cho
/rsport P., say Halls. Catarrh Cure is the
-at and only sure cure for catarrh they ever
ld. Druggists sell it, 75.
Liberty, it is said, has ruined more peo
pie than slavery.
If Troubled With Bore Eyes
_ackson's Indian Eye Salve will positively
ere them. 25c at all drug stores.
Labor is the inevitable lot of the majority,
ad the best education is that which will
Lake it most productive.
I am entirely cured of hemorrhage of
lungs by Iiso's Cure for Consumption -
LoL's LINDAo , Bethany, Mo., Jan. s, '19.
The man who never changes his opinions
epect others to do so.
SpringMakes MeTired
To many people Spring and its duties it makes pure, rich blood. It gives
mean an aching head, tired limbs, and strength to nerves and muscles because
throbbing nerves. Just as the milder it endows the blood with new powers
weather comes, the strength begins to of nourishment. It creates an appetite,
wane, and "that tired feeling" is the tones and strengthens the stomach and
complaint of all. digestive organs, and thus builds up
The reason for this condition is the whole system and prepares it to
found in the deficient quality of the meet the change to warmer weather.
blood. During the winter, owing to Hood's Sarsaparilla is a medicine
various causes, the blood becomes upon which you may depend. It is
loaded with impurities and loses its the only true blood purifier promi
richness and vitality. Consequently, nently before the public eye today
as soon as the bracing effect of cold It has a record of cures unequalled in
air is lost, there is langour and lack of the history of medicine. It is the medi
energy. The cure will be found in cine of which so many people write,
purifying and enriching the blood. " Hood's Sarsaparilla does all that it
Hood's Sarsaparilla is the greatest is claimed to do." You can take
and best spring medicine, because it is Hood's Sarsaparilla with the confident
the greatest and best bloand best blood purifier expectation that it will give you pure
it overcomes that tired feeling because blood and renewed health. Take it now,
Hood's Sarsaparilla
-Is the Only
True Blood Purifier
Prominently in the Public Eye Today.
Very Latest Styles, BUMAYMAMNTON
Elegant Patterns for 10 Cents Each, When the Coupon Below Is Sent.
Retail Price f these Patterns is 25, 30. and 35 Cents Each.
6os 6346. 6347.
Pattern ON--4Pvre slee vi It N Mi, a and 40 inch bustra m -pue cents
Paters ls-Five sines, vz.: I. i, , 38 and 40 nlach bust measur-pl I entsu
Pattersm ie-Five sizes, viz. I3, 4, n. M and 40 inch bust measur-Ics cents.
P Utern a --ler raei, vi.: 10, 12, It and 1 yters-price I cents.
S- ---COUPON.ý--
Anqy me or e do tUesbeve ptterm will be set for 10 Cnts lich when
Scoup enclosed with th te order; otherwise the regbu~ l ce will be
ch& Also send I t additional for each pattern ordered to cover strsu
a ese. voe umber o Inhes wait measure for skirts and number o fe Iest
srefor walst Address
S.OUPON PATTERN COMtPANY.
LOCK OX 744, - NEW YORK. N. Y.
Do You Wash?
Of Course
youWash QUICKLY?
Do you Wash EASILY?
B Doyou Wash TBOROUGlt;il
oyou Wash CHEAPLY?
You may IF you will use
CLImTr ESOAP.
The best, prest and most economical boap made
Sold everywhere. Made only by
THE N. i FAIRBANIt COMPANY,
Soott's Emulsion
is note seertr emedy. It is imply the purest Norway
Co.liver Oil, the finest Hypoph phites, and chenn.
laly pure Olycerine, all combied into a perfect Emult.
ale so that it will never change or lose its integrity.
.This ithe secret of Scott's Emulsion's great success.
It ans osthappy combination of ,.h
th a reinsarkable value in all
, WASTING DISEASES.
-Rsmoe igreatr valt m i n Consmption, wherein it arrests
-.thw _astbag b spl ying the most concentrated nour
SIi pt _I.L 'n A ima and Scrofula it enridces and
: _I:Ums In fact, in every pbaa of wasting
.its se datet~ve. Your doctor I coo all we
japst* pbpi.#.4d Itspr epdea b cate ucsetslst. /
a ev Vests aR Diesat5.s ~.seam - Pie
A rift with a string tied to it is genetally
em-barrassing.
When a man '"ives himself away," he
r ar(tircs ex'essive generosity.
Eternal vigilazce Is the price for nearly
all we get in this wcrld.
Health once impsiren is not easily regained
yet Parker's (;inger Tone basattained these results
in many cases.4Good for every weakness and distress
Women never give the road to one an
other.
It is more than wonderful
how patiently people suffer with corns. Get pease
and comfort by removing them with UIlndercorns.
A man with unsettled bills generally has
an unsettled mind.
BntowN's Iron Bitters cures Dypepia,
Malaria, Biliousness and General Debility
Gives strength, aids Digestion, tones the
nerves-creates aPletite. The best tonic
for Nursing Mothers, weak women and
children.
The man who does not slam the door b
probably a Christian.
THE HAREM AND SLAVERY
SSlave I. Submisave,. Obedient mnd An3
ious to Please Her Lord and Master.
For the service of the harem as at
aresent constituted slaves are indis
ensable, it being unlawful for a free
ifoslem woman to appear unveilh d be
'ore any man not a near relative, while
.o a slave who is the property of her
master or mistress no such restriction
attaches so far as they are concerned
Since the abolition of the lpuhl," slave
market the private trade in slaves has
)ecome much more general and widely
spread than it formerly was, and is
-arrled on to a great extent by ladies
)f rank, some of whom are themselves
Imancipated slaves, says the Nineteenth
2entury. In addition to the negresses
and other women of unattractive ex
:erlor, to whom the menial duties of the
aousehold are assigned, these lady deal
'rs pay large sums for pretty chihhldren
,f from 6 to 10 years of age. who are
carefully trained for the higher posi
tions they will probably be called upon
to occupy. Many Turks prefer, for va
rious reasons, to marry Vomen who
have been brought up as slaves. Mar
riage with a free woman is, indeedl, a
very expensive matter for a ounig
bridegroom and his parents, Twin.; to
the lavish outlay in presents and cn
tertainments required by cust 11m on
suob occasions. Consequently if a fath
-r cannot afford to marry his son to a
maWen of his own rank, he plurchases
for him a slave girl who has been cdu
rated In some great lady's harem, and
no expense is incurred beyond the pur
chase money. A slave, having no posi
tion of her own, is submissive and obe
dient to, and anxious to please her lord
and master, has no troublesome pr,
tensions or caprices, and no int'rf.·r
Ing relatives to take her part against
him. A free woman, on the other hard,
is by no means always disposed to
have, according to her own expr.:siutln,
"neither mouth nor tongue." She is fully
aware of her rights, and inclined :_ as
sert them, and the moral support af
forded by her family gives her an as
surance which the husband often finds
extremely inconvenient.
Dinner Party Etiquette.
A dinner party is a formal function,
and specially demands dignity of man
ner, writes Ruth Ashmore in the La
dies' Home Journal. If the continental
fashion is followed, and ladies and gen
tlemen leave the dining room at the
same time, you go out as you came in.
If the English fashion obtains, and the
gentlemen remain to smoke and talk,
rise when your hostess gives the signal,
stand quite still until you see your
chaperon, and then fall In line behind
her, passing, not too quickly, the gen
tlemen, who are all standing up, and al
lowing you tO walk out before them.
L~arn to walk well and not to "trot."
A dinner invitation should be acknowl
edged, and either accepted or declined,
within three hours, and the changing
of one's mind about it is neveh per
mitted. A witty Frenchman said: "Only
death is an excuse for not keeping a
dinner engagement, and even then a
polite man would send the undertaker
to apologize for him."
The English Sparrow.
The first English sparrow was
brought to the United States in 1850
but it was not until 1870 that the spe
cies can be said to have firmly estab
lished itself. Since then it has taken
possession of the country. Its fecundity
is amazing. In the latitude of New
York and southward it hatches, as a
rule, five or six broods in a season, with
from four to six young In a brood. As
suming the average annual product of
a pair to be twenty-four young, of
which half are females, and hall
males, and assuming further, for the
sake of computation, that all live, to
gether with their offspring, it will be
seen that in ten years, the progeny of
a single pair would be 215,716,983,698.
As Indisa's Mtstak,
They say that two Indians belong
ing to one of the large American shows
)f life In the willd west, while visiting
London, were much interested In the
tights to be seen nto the London streets.
Day after day they would walk up and
town the most crowded streets and
gaze on the people and into the shop
windows like a pair of children at the
:ireds. One day they stopped before
'he show window of a wig maker and
stared at the many varieties of wigs
rn exhlblton there antil their eyes
usarly fell out. Finally one of them
sudged the other, and, with a shake of
uis head, remarked: "Ugh! mighty
brave man! Big fighter; much scalp!"
Our Tastes Are Cultivated.
Humphrey Ward, famous in England
'or other reasons, and here as the hus
mand of the author of "Robert Els
nere," lnde two things to criticiae in
he United States-one, the absence
rom the news stands of the paper with
which he is cosnected, the London
limes, and the other the preponder
_ace of French art in our picture ga1
A Massals.
"Did sleepin with the windows
spea have say bed effect?"'
Ptatt--Grat Scott, no! I have
-ueh a cough mew I can't hear the girl
a the meat Sat sin.
It's What's m It,
A bottle 115 feet high will be shown
at t.J eoming Bordeaux exhibition.
lb sise of the bottle isn't s interest
'" to most people, though, as the con
.rmt ct It.
Alas, Test
A great majority of the American
qeople are wondering why there should
be s mUch worry about the income
Aaed a Oa igt Ua at Tash.
It is noet permisible, even in Jsapan
A a eameman U with a bullet
Highes" of all in Leavening Power.-Lat-st U. S. Gov't Report
Da gkl Baking
RW Powder
ABSOLUTELY PURE
P'lreaslur ani unsiness.
A few men from Boston and Nsw
York go down to Florida or the WVst
ndies every winter and pay their
way wholly or in part by shoot:ng
birds of bright plumage. Sometimes
three or four buy a schooner, and
nmake the journey under sail. mnanag
ing the boat for the main part them
sel'es Others go down by steamer
to Florida. build their own boat and
explore the rivers in the southern
part of the peninsula.
Amerlean Enterprise.
An American company has been
organi. ed for the purpose of building
extensive wharves and improving the
terminal facilities at ('oatcacoalcos,
of the National 'lehuantepec railroad.
It is the intention of the Mexican
government to make this the most
important harbor and port on the
coast.
Just So.
The baracks buit for European sol
diers are generally far better than
the houses of the peasantry. Chelsea
barracks, in England, cost $245 per
man.
Founded in 1802.
The Legion of Honor of France was
established as a reward for distin
guished services in any line, whether
military, civil, scientific or literary.
It was founded in 1802.
You Don't Have to Swear Off,
Fass the St. Louis Journal of Agriculture in an
editorial at out No To-Bac, the famous tobacco
habit cure. *We know of many cases cured by
No To-Bac: one, a prominent. St. Louis archi
tect, smoked and chewed fortwenty years; two
boles cured him o that even the smell of to
bacco makes him sick." No-To-Bac sold and
guaranteed by Druggists everywhere. No cure
no pay. Book free. Address Sterling Remedy
Co., New York or Chicazg
Go Crazy.
Letter carriers in Londen some
time become very crazy because of
the vast number of streets which
have the same name. There are 264
Victoria streets, 241 Cross streets,
240 Albert streets. 212 Church streets
and 191 Queen streets.
A British Scheme.
The British are to coin a silver
dollar for use in Hong Kong, the
Straits Settlements and the far east
generally, where the Mexican dollar
has long been the standard coin.
The Latest
The newest thing out in Londou's
world of swelldom is a hand-painted
shirt front
Mar.asta cured and eradicated from the
system by Brown's Iron Bitters, which
enriches the blood, tones the nerves, aids
digestion. Acts like a charm on persons
in general ll health, giving new energy
and strength.
Bad luck never ruined a man, but good
luck often does.
Worlt's Columbian Expoelttlo
Will be of value to the world by Illus
trating the improvements in the me
chanical arts, and eminent physicians
will tell you that the progress in medic
Inal agents has been of equal impor
tance, and as a strengthening laxative
Syrup of Figs is far in advance of all
others.
Mankind is good as often from interest
as from principle.
DRUaeG STo Fo SBALE.-Opportunity for
two young men. Stock and fxur 1000o.
Half cash, balance secured notes, longtime.
Apply to Geo. T. Atkins, Rec. T. T. . R.,
Dallas, Tex.
The best way to bring up a child is to
make him love virtue from choice, and not
from fear.
It the Baby is Cattiag Teth.
e se sand use that old sa well-ded remedy, Ms
Worstow's sooraum svre b Childae Teasthi
Every sorrow, however well healed,
leaves a scar behind.
Rhomamthismi, 8hl aS Bhkasho
ST. JACOBS OIL
SsFW, I3r=33, ME)C)ý-r.
Meta
Wheel
hr your
Waon
wesM, N. sy
ehes wide-
maust man.
m..a I 1a
ass~d h ~thu
RNEUNATISN.
There are 1 "S reswei es s good," but
for RBheumtlim. Seat or elgis you want
the best. That is *d hehraessos t.00.A
Rheemels Cars." GUA.AnTIm the best rem
edy on earth. No matter what yore dragist
ears take nothai but the S.000O000 Cure.
Sd for high ees sa decide for your
sell. Never 1a J. IL Ochmser, d sad
Clark are.. St Louis, dars It saved him 00 at
least. Refer to A. J. twards. Merldlae.a, Miss.
No ase too hed. True estimealis trwee. i,.
Ssop is ee. wtte -Te-dey.
Swanson Rheumatic Cure Co.,
• o.e.. s ...a... (eg ..
OLrUiWN! &1 I(w.ie
ITrntr to Stop Thelml.
The leading railroad in ( ,nnecticet
has applied to the lgislatureo to pro.
hibit the conistrution ol f O :· (.tr!
roads between towns now colnct,,d
by steam lines. .\ table ha,, lon
submitted showing that the suburban
traftic of the s:eam roads in tome
cases has been almost entirely lost.
The points urged are that the le'iti.
mate business rights of the old roald
are disregarded and that the electric
roads are infringing on the genral
highways belonging to the the public.
Earth and NMerrury.
The present visit of Enck's comet
has, in the skilled hands of liacklul.d.
placed Mercury, so to speak, in the
weighing scaie. We have thus learn
ed that this globe, though no doubt
a considerable one, is still much lcss
than the earth. Enck's comet de
monstrates that thirty globes as mas
sive as Mercury would be required to
weigh as much as the earth.
What Investigation Shown
Investigation shows that the com
mon sunflower exhales twelve ounces
of water in twelve hours, and an oak
tree, with an estimated number of
7u0,000 leaves, would in the same'
way give off something like 70') tons
of water during the live months its
carries its follage.
About Carp.
A carp taken out of the water may
be kept alive for twelve hours by a
piece of bread soaked in brandy
placed in its mouth.
Will It Work?
A Dundee, Scotland, man is work
ing on a flying machine that is built
on the bicycle plan.
Iold the Fort
Againsta billous attack by calling to your aid
tUat pulsasut ali, iostetter a asluia,:u l t
tars. ihe toe will the be adrilen basc uttrrly
defeated. 7s5apepfta, sick headache, malaai l,
kidney, ucrtouus sd rhcunuatic trouble landl
ovatlpattou yield to the avtwuu of tis moad
benellent of remsedies. Take it rei;ularly bnd
)9W WWill sen eperience its LgooQl lvd L
You can catch a redicu!ous habit as ea:}
as you can the measles.
THAT LstMP in a
man's stotnalh
which makes him
irritable and misera
ble and unfit for bus
iness or pleasure is
caused by indiges
tion. Indigestion,
like charity, covers
a multitude of sins.
The trouble may be
in stomach, Itver,
bowels. Wherever it
is, it is caused by the
presence of poison
ous, refuse matter
I'hich Nature has
been unable to rid
herself of, unaided.
In ,ich cases, wise
pie send down a
ittle health officer,
personified by one
of Dr. Pierce's Pleas
ant Pellets, to search
out the trouble and
temove its cause.
Itcas afflicted with ca
tarrh last autumn. Dur
ing the month of October
I could neither taste nor
smell and could hear but
little. Ely's CreamBalm
cured it.-Marcus Geo.
Bhault, Rahtaay, N. J.
CATA RH
JLY'O OIIAlg UAjI opens and cleaNse tL
sir lalr Pnd .aInflammatoiton Hea
the sres, proects the Membrane from is R
stresthe  e of Taste and Smell IThe 115
qu a sad gives relief at oac.
A partile is appied late each nostril and Is tree
able. Prese Speasts at Druggists or by mail.
ILr 1U0TN1l, 56 Warrea It., New York
hp An ,, elo e. Tar
The "LINENS" are the Dft and Most Economi
al Collars and Cuffs worn : they are made of flne
cloth, both aides fainshed alike, and, being revered
he. one collar is equal to two of any other kind.
TAqaeull, sear well and look well. A box of
Tesn or Itve Pairsof Cuffs for Twenty-Five
Cents.
A Sample Collar and Pair of Cuffs by mail for
Six Cents. Name style and size. Address
(RZVERS3IBLk COLLAR COMPANY.
7T Fanklln St.. New York. 27 Kilby t.. Boston.
MAl
NEEDLES, f% A'irj se oo".
SHUTTLES, pt"f"rwh,-s,,,
REPAIRS. t"" : Ml "'uIA" t"
DALLAS BUSINESS FIRMS.
MURRAY 611111 SYSTEM D 's, -·'"
.u spike bel Write for catalOgue and testlmonial
FOUNDERS AND MACHINISTS M I ;
Shops Comprewse, Flour ills, Waterworks
iOil Ilt. Glas Ice nPlan. Steeitre Light, etc
reasers Wrth se. Meerhr M'r Co. IDallas
W N U DALLAS 20.9
Whes Answering Advertisements Kind'.
Meation this Paer.
WALTER BAKER &,CO.
The l.arg, st .Manufat tur.-rs of
PURE, HICH GRADE
CCCOAS AND CHOCOLATES
r On tShi ConttnS have w ecrtvod
HIGHEST AWARDS
fr a th great
Industrial and Food
EXPOSITIONS
In Europe and America.
Itnt h the D w c'. .kno.Alk.
ul ics ,r th. h .nir i, t a ur eatar
Their ietliua t ..tt i t A '. ' (I (. 1 uA .+ sb,;utely
pure nd soltub!ed,ad ,,,'r -e tan one ' c r afa ;.
SOLD BY GROCEOS EVERYWHERE.
WALTER BAKER & CO. DORCHESTER, MASS.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR
*4 PERIA{
IT IS
* THE BEST *
F OD
FOR
Dyspeptic,Delicate,Infirm and
AGED PERSONS
* JOHN CARLE & SONS, New York. *
t COLLINS AGUE CURE I
- ++4"
For forty years has had a world- ide
4 o reputation for its
S UNFAILING CURE
-Or ALL-
t BILIOUS DISORDERS, 9
From a simple chill, bead cho, or ht
bitual con tlpation to th, llot onetl r
ae" and fatal fortms of lte r. I'fFNo
otner r"'mdy in the world equa ls it in
all Liver and N I ltly dimi a- a
- AI druggists sell it.
THE SILVER QUESTION.
Do You Want to Understand the Science of
Money? It Is Plainly Told in
COIN'S FINANCIAL SERIES
SdaT POSTPARD.
No. 1 of oup seres TI BINETALI.,TSM AliD MtfW
OMETAI.LI'M. by ArThbishop Wialsh of Dublin,
Ireland. seventy eight pages. An ablo docu
tuent; s cents
Na 9. CoIN's IAND ooK,. by W It. Har
vey. Deals with the elementary prlnciples of
money and statistics. Forty-six pages; 10
cents.
No. 3. ('OIn's FINANCIIA., ScOOI.. Iv W.
H. Harvey. Illustrated 150 pages and t4 illuhs
trations. It simplifies the tinancial subject so
anordinarv schoolboy can understand it. It is
the textlooi of the masses. absolutely reltitleO
as to facts and figure., and the most interert
lon and entertaining book on the subject of
money published. I'rie. best edition, iaper,
sewed. cover two colors 0ceflts. Popularedl
lion. ) cents. t ;ft itb n.
No. 4. A TALE or w' NATION. by W. H.
Harvey. A novel of S:r_ pages A love story
that gives the hiltory of :lremonetization iand
depicts the evil spirit and inltlenceso that have
worked the destruction of American prosperitv.
A fascinating and instructlie book. It holds
the reader with wotlterful interest from begl
tlint to end. Popular edition. Vi cents; extra
quality paper, 50 cents; in cloth, 61.tW.
No. ". CAPThrIL oN SALVER, by Judge
Henry (. Miller of Cnicailo 110 pages. A
book suitable for all thoughtful readers of the
money question. Paper onll. Zi cents
No 6. UP To DATE. (c:OIN l FINANcIAL
SCHOOL COcNTIrItO, by W. H. Harvey. lIue
trated, f0) pages and 1* illustrations. It sis
history of COIN, the little Snancler, since do.
livering his lectures in Chicago. It is dedl
eated to the readers of Coin's FIANC(IAL
SCHOOL. and should only be read by those who
have read the 'School." Every voter In the
United States sRhould read it. Popular editioL
5 cents; better paper edition, 10 cents; clotl,
$1.00.
After May I. 115. stl persons ordering "Coin's
Financial School" or "Up to Date. Loin's Fl
anclal School Continued.' In cloth, wifl get
the two books printed together and tound i1
cloth for $1 00, sent postpaid The two Looks
together make the most complete treatioe on
the subject of money ever printed.
Our tperial OUter.
We send the following four books rotllpaid
lor S1 00: Bimetallismu and Monometalliam 'S
pents). C('oin's Hand Hook (10 centsi, Coins J P
nancial School id cent edition), and A Tale of
Two Nations (.0 cent edition). 11.5 for 1-00,
In ordering these, say "Set No. I, of 4 hooks "
We also furnish for SI 00, Blmetallilam aod
Monometallism (5 cents). Coin's Hand Book
(10 cents),. Coin's Financial School i21 cent edl
tlon). A Tale of Two Nations (iS cent edition),
Chapters on Silver (Z5 cet edition), and Up to
Date. ('oln's Finanlcial School Continued 25
cent edition), St 35 for 1 00. In orderint the
looks contained in this last offer, say "Sct No
, of 6 books,"
Forany of the foregoing books or oilffers remni
instamps. postoflce money order, express or
Ger, registered letter, bank draft or currency,
but do not use peronal checks. as the banks
charge uas for collecting them Address
4 0Lr 0I3 ('tRIIIIC, (sem'l As.,
194 Se. CIasten Rt., Chiea.g. Ill.
l McELREES'
IWINE OF CARDUI.
For Female Diseases. (
s n tima iy