BASIC PRINCIPLES.
Flervhaly sd.ttit that the rvale oi all other
Ithings i regulatan by the play against each other
of the fuores of supply and demand. No reason
has been or can be given why value of the unit of
manne is not snhjectt t tthis law.
The denmand for money is equivalent to the sum
of the demands fir oil other things whatoever. fr
it is througb a .enmarl first made on nmoey that
all the wants of rea.n are eatistled. The demand
for money i irstan:. cruetari a;nd ulnreaseig and
isalaays at a mrsoan lll. If any iuan  nt- a
pair of bshoe. or a mnit of iathe I' do. teut sake
hab drmapi tirst ia the ela ..neta.e. ore.ttl.er. .N. I
oman ex.ept a beggar ituakes a d.emUan.l dliritly for
nltod clithes or :uy o t!,..i ., , t'i. . W tlether it i.
totu iltan lhthinu. too.l us .L-ettrr--bether the
arspleat nrtesns-t," of tue, treait luluhtl of 1.1e -
.ti onr uwneS thb f th l Umem ndt .s firs mad.. -\
tlln rulile . erate thr-lollihoiutl tie ne ellll ranl, of
tomnmotlitire it is danaflTat that the Il.-maul fhr
Imoney reluals at lh.st the un.it"t deul liuna.la for all
oether things.
While popiae'ion remajiln ,tatllonarv, tlhe do
inand for money s ll .emain the amie. .\sthe
demand for one artl. tb lecunes teis., the dlenand
for name other whrl.h shall take Its pace hecomine
greater. The dematld for money, the.refore, must
ever he as prening and urgenrt asthe neida of lman
are varied., fncenunt, aund importunate.
Sc!h btlinetthe demand for money what is the
supply! It i+ the total nuua!wr of units of nmoi;y
in circulation tactual or potentialh in any countr..
The force of the demand for umony operatinug
agai'st the sueplty is represented ty the earnest.
teUwna:t astr'uggle t obtaLmtn in All men, in all
tradesl and ocIup;tttiit:Is, are ottering :-ther proper
ty or seri(.ces for nauney. EA (h h:oemauker in each
locality iiun compeitiion with every other shoe
maker in the same locahlty, each hat ter is in com
petition with every other hatter. each clothier with:
every other clothier, all ofitring their wares for
units of money. In this universal and perpetual
competition for money, that number of shoemakers
that can supply the demand for shoes at the small
est average price (excellence of quality being taken
into account) will ti the market value of shoes In
money; and conversely, will fix the value of money
inshoes Sowith thehatters as tohats, so with
the tailors as to clothes ans so with those engaged
in all other occupations asto the prodacts reape
tlvely of their labor.
The tranascendant Importarce of money and the
constant pressure of the denand for it may be
realised by connparing its utility with that of any
ether force that coastributes to human welfare.
In all the broad range of articles that, in a state
of civilisation, are needed by man, the only abeso
lately indispensaMe things is money. For every
thing else there is some subhtautt-ome alterna
tive; for maney there is none. Among articles of
feed, If beef rise in ptriee, the demand for it will
diminish as a certain proportion of the people will
resort to other forms of food. If, by resson of its
estinued scarcity, beef continues to rise, the de
mnsadwil further diminish, until finally It may al
together cease and center on something else. So in
the matter of clothing. If any one fabric becomes
scares and ena quetly dear, the demand will
dimlaish, and, it the price continue rising, It is
ealy a questiom of time for the demand to cease
and be transferred to some alternative.
but this can not be the case with money. It can
never be driven out of use. There is not, sad
there never e a be, any senhtitae for it. It may
benome so scarce that one dollar at the end of a de
cade may tImy tea times as much as at the begin
ping that Is to say, it may ast in laber or com
medities ton times as uach to get It, but at what.
ever coast, the people mast have It. Without
messy the damsoda of civiflstion could not be
Meney was the meat potest fatrimemetality to
te evelatio of society ihm r low to a high plane
of eivfiatile. It is valueless to man in Ilolatloa.
It is ladispemsable to man in organised society. It
it as neesesary for proprietary distriballe of
wealth as railroads and steamship are to Its phyal
ealdistribution. The aggregate fees of the de
md for money aIn ny cestr dupends epes the
pro of the popultoa with a stationary pp
nullM the dSmead is steady, with an Inareing
pipalapM the demasd ILnreases, and in order to
maata- tlltorbed the equation of supply sad
dmed the volume of messy should be increased
m t a ea stte correspeming tothatof th.ela
ereanse population.
Thre are certain dreumtances that to soe ei
test ditrb the rehlado between populatin and
mesy Ispply, seh aM the brodesing of the
areas of ppualatle and the melt~liatle of m emay
centea. These deemaamoes mrght reader e
essery a larger pasage f Ilreas ia the
measy volame weuad nbe mioated by the in
reeseof pepalatis.
atL ander ny c remetmoes the mallekt moey
increase tit will sae e to malata the equity of
tlame entacLts s n increse cerresapoding to the
lseesa of members of theul plais.
If the m sy elum be noti ereased by a pr
pestles at lnset as great as this, the tee rdeatis
betwe the epply of mosey usad thedead m or
Imtw at be mehntal d. Thedemand esmrbag
a the peplate iererases, whbile the pply eitLaer
does nat eam ase at all, or Inoreases la a dogrse In
s- -mrate wLththe demand the messy veloes
~sktba ad the parehadag pewer of the uit be
- grer by maason of the lnrease kenee
of cLmpetia to get it This is kt another
ms of ttg ( t t the prim of all prodets of he
ua laborrsdo Pr Ies. a k,~ besm ceases
t be preL detde, store sa weahops lose aad
a me relelgated to lemee
Thus by the uulvesl eeompetiti to get it the
value of the defier In made to depena upon the
mber Of delare that are ea This Is a priauiple
thaLL at am vey ndde oft tlm sibese o
r . The law, stated breadly, I that the valore
oel ash aut mesl y Ih sayeO u y at y gives
he depasedao the whale sambeo emit a s In l r
suln in that seestey. The arger the namber
oet b eat pa s seeng the -ame the las
sbhe t ~ralae o -se mdei tIhe smaller the
a er of untie a pepulam eas-Ining the
su, the puier thve r of sash.
Retwtheasadlng the - ses s e une ed
betwes th emnises ud the mades o
wrhe des t ne t thi Ie a s fdmial panla
the m e d oYfb tay esmay i net
e mm o wh skhte  w Inr mase
The s td I ad a e ets t.ha
a mIemadel shrbles h t the sul n
hww . a umber or a s s-mpe
Ing d taesy ubse ts of ca em rY sad
h as ofmans apepua.
aIsth ae dma.e e ememms
mr e a. It pup da t ea l dald tM
hem , h e a madha ubtad ha
- t er bseml· w aeehtamru b L *
,h n hMaL aareld gardmoe I ast
se wn r sag Inkier rvulmeb amY *
kissles in t a net of we thta
in .- ke w-,, a.
... .pas.. d.at -a.h. a mu
0 eems b prateg mdhags& a.
S m,. * s, J s **
,r..u,:ma- -  ,
1gainlt#4
ass a a
nalex v. T. -,r no .m.tterio : ....i , .
unit- ..yv hbe th+' tttal v.tlue ,11 t t , Irl. y' t t1 ,+
mouutrn will be otmpiml.i mlithlll ti. t,,t'J n:in., r
of tlho, units. A charge in the nunmhbr of the
nnite efftct a prolportionate hanlnE in the value of
each unit. and whatever the value of thb unit may
In,. It in of the iutmost importanu e that, that value
should remain inldisturbnt.
It in ablurld to mllaintain that a gull tsr it: whi.ch
as the time g.u onI. ii .'ountautly in, :-ea.i+i in pllt
chaising pn mer. in a tettr nrit than a unit of ar y "j
tlher mat-rial that uiaintlinns unchanging value
thonl gh tite'.
Whenever the tin tmesse oif the ounntry a cemtilln
dates itelf to a given numnll er to units. the otly
question for the (i over uneIt to 1d.:ed with in to
•.in tall that a.!ue as frelt rol . i tunI t u .lllnlt e
tpo uible ant a.- r-ding to, al! unthoritit.s ,n it lhti
cal .coaalon that can uiliy he . bI neull lit ili.r inl tlo
ao .r .ane with tie d|:n.iua ls of II r'l'.it iu or .dl
teaanlu; population,
II it Ine admlitted that one of the li iolln t 1m:lport;it
ofliuo· iof tg vernn.il iit in to sii that thi eijuities are
pri nee rvel i wtntweei iti , citizen (andl it thIs tii lilt
no. to what iurlo.e ai .' our c n ts oll equi ty in
stituited'. thel:n it inn nt Is i denihd that it l oine
of the htil st oAliltci of lover llent t sei thlat
Imcle)l , lhich niealll tLe all C .luities, anil wlh!ci
must for all time contn u I  th in the l,;., lit
sure in the service of civiiiztedi moiety. s hall bie of
itii, laiLing alue. It is iulpolil to i n- t:rc hils
i 'r t.trist, ici it uninituty ihn the alr Iat l orn e
yearly prloutimo is b ecoming more utl nor.
litmited, and the prospect it whose sutticient ie.ld
i.ues htm and nil tas eteouall'gini.-S-nator John
P. Jones, in Vox l'opuli.
Editor Lotuiniana I'oplulint :
1)EAR SIR :-I wish to drop a
fiw thoughts in regard to preacuh
ing for money. Alas ! alas! the
truth is too often told and more
tarcibly impressed by actions than
words; so it is with the preacher
that will not preach for a church or
people without a stipulated salary.
They say it is through means of
the gospel that sinners must be
saved, and so it is; but if they, nor
any one else will not nor can not
preach it without a certain amount
of money, it must follow that it is
a money salvation, but Christ and
his holy apostles declored that sal
vation was by grace and that, free
grace. Oh, brethren, what is the
value of an immortal soul, is it not
worth a litfe of toil and labor I We
have often heard that one soul was
worth ten thousand worlds like
this. Jesus says, "For what a man
profiteth if lie shall gain the whole
world and lose his own soul," or
what shall a man give in exchange
for his soul. Jesus ga, e his whole
life, suffered hunger and persecu
tion, died the ignominious death of
the cross for salvation of poor lost,
ruined sinners. But some.of his
professed followers holding higher
offices than coald be given by men,
will not give from two to four days
out of each month without demaud
ing a certain sum from God's peo
pie as a remuneration for their ser
vices, and in some instances receive
'a pledge of the church for the sum
demanded. Consistency, oh! con
sistency thou art a jewel. Would
the truly converted soul when it
first felt that God for Christ sake
had pardoned its sin, have stopped
to make such demands, would that
good brother when he first felt that
impression of the holy spirit to go
preach the unsearchable riches of
Christ have halted to consider
about his salary. No, in the name
of Jesnus, would be the unanimous
answer of every truly converted
and spiritually called gospel minis.
ter in the land that such demands
together with the motives that
prompt theta, signify a want of
faith in a threefold sense is certain.
First, a want of faith iu their own
ability to wield an influence for
good. Second, a want of faith in
the integrity and spiritual interest
of the church anmid people to serve.
Third, a want of faith in the prom
ise of God made through Jesus
Christ.
Oh, dear brethren, go preach
Christ and him crucified to poor
lost and ruined sinners. Take God
at his word and no longer doubt or
fear; take no thought for your life
what ye shall eat or what ye shall
drink, nor yet for your body what
ye shall put on, goin meekness and
in love teaching the truth as it is
in Jesuans, remembering that be has
promised to be with you always,
even to the end of the worldp, truth
like its author, will prevail. Jesus
has said, tI am the way, the truth
and the life,' he then being the
truth iD must prevail, for he has
decla by his holy apostles that
to his name every knee shall bow
an every tongue shall confess
again. The Lord says, look unto
meall the ends of the earth and be
ye saved for I am God and besides
ther is mnoe other, again all shall
knew me from the least to the
gpatet. TrUth must and will pre
vraS r God has said so and his
wad is trath. Thea brethrn let
as labor met I the meat which en
duieth mate dasslug life.
[We p.bh the above for what
t lls wotr. We believe in giving
maryiboy a Jaiee to erpres
Uhk qhleson-ta
Begins londay, Sept. 3rd, 1891.
]UO TG tELRY, IA.
TILE COUI'SE ()F' S T )Y- EM 1:BACES A TIl( NZZO1 WI T ILI N
IN4( 1N
Primary, Preparatory and Collegiate Work.
Also Vccal and Instrumental MlTusic.
The. :1111 it Ill w i'h [t oile 11 ilu'. ;ghol i si toi lº p1au' t~u 'it-tudent" I ii'
avocations. ilinstitution i) s 1ºiest·l t verlib}" I 'roi. .1. W. \\Valla iy,
who is assisted Iy a ci irp5 totf oelip:'tttt pitd e'X ciricaved te'at hers
S('lHED)LLE OF' EXPENSES:
Private board ini good ftaiuiilies. S to: 10 loi, mouit .
TUIION-I'riliary Jeptu uei . . . $1.23 per monr h.
". I 'rejia xator}v (See. Ii.) .... .1. 75
P'repa:Iratory (Sec. A.) '' .... . .2
4 'toe~ le iate . . . itl "
I ueielelital tee for first hallf session, 25 vemt.
I nciden ti] taee tfr lust halt session, 51) tet:
For 110y desticdil inttormnation, 11(111 Icr.
11. V. Met('AIN.
1'iesideiit Boardl of Director~.
B. A. FOI:RTSON, Secretary. J. W. WA1;I)lAW, Principal.
ELKHART CARRIAGE and HARNESS EFG. CO.
Have told in caflinaet for 31 yearn.
$11.00 A sctog tinl ti.e Cu. i .r .f afnt. We ore the
IISU , stud dLargest munfactOfrelrAtci- $15
ics yrllrng rchicl..a ·Ird lirm·s~ Lh is aa -rhiuu
wlttl i'rriliege tot rIatoil. bVonore any mirey Is
Ouaid. WVo payt rcit lIt (t way) if not rpttrar'
tury. Warrant ofi o ear. %VLypayznngent EIO
to IS to orlir b·y ti Writ. yuur own order.
itxlnnfec O. Lto iLae at zlsi of Usotage Ot
a tp1XPW WOLESALE PRICKS.
Spring Wagons, Sat to 50. GuaranIce No.Surrey.
.. jseul I a Otibt . Surreys,$65s to S1o0
No.+7. Surrey liaruoes. RPae ma scll f"r Cipº to 130. Top Buggies
537.50.n p-In-f_ r· ·'IlforM Phabtons.568
to $100. Farm Wagons, Wagonettes,
Milk Waaons,Do3rvory Wagonsand Road
'37`_` Carts. tIIIV'. lit t)L\, I%0 LIOM t h LULL:.. ,
~ $23.50 prln.
oe *6to@20 No. ., Load Wagon.
' ,y ý e Double $55
a" Wt a ) .J) Buggy,
No. 115 Top Bug~y. 3Ya oar *te..eaS
$48.00 I -ri
Prkma. Y FI G
' 1t. ttam 'Inr" l*
RILIYNC PAiDDiL9 aun FL' YTT' F Ico !"t e. 2b'n wheelS.
s ,mc... offfr ri.l -rlia oerdr S,,.1 4lrt In l I -intaC !r !s. wd!Idleta
tatmp. to ..y poatage as 11-pge catanlorague. stec tub ol dn p forrgli .t
Noa r"uWatoo Adreu W. B. PRATT, Sec'y, ELKHART, IND.
Criminal Docket, Grant Parlsh
Cases set for trial for Sel)temlber,
1894, term of the Fourth Judicial
District Coutt, to commence at
Colfax, La., on Monday, September
17, 1894, viz :
First week, Monday 17th, the
following concealed weapon cases
are to be tried:
835, State vs Houston Capps.
847, State vs Wesley Capps.
844, State vs Ansy Pruett.
845 State vs J. C. Ward.
848, State vs James Pruett.
851, State vs Pompfield Lemonie.
852, State vs Gervis Lemonie.
&53, State vs Andy Cooper.
854, State vs John Breeda.
857, State vs Sell Parish, Jr.
861, State vs Morris Hazel.
863, State vs R. L. Parish.
865, State vs Oscar Hataway.
869, State vs Wesley Capps.
867, State vs William Flannagna
Jr.
8609, State vs Wesley Capps.
870, State vs John Williams.
872, State vs. Mack Futrell.
873, State vs John Chester.
876, State vs W. B. Harper.
FOR TUESDAY 18TH.
794, John Williams and George
Milligan, larceny.
817, Sell Parish, assault with in
tent to commit murder.
835, Walter Capps. larceny.
849, H Devare Dubolse, assault
and battery.
FOR WEDNESDAY. 19TH.
803, Jass Smith, larceny.
828, W H Mathews and Wm.
Hamil; larceny and receiving stolen
goods.
839, Robert Lewis, shooting with
intent to commit murder.
850, Chas Lassian, cursing and
swearing near a private house.
FOR THURSDAY, 20TH.
830. Thomas Pace and John
Oglesby charged with larceny.
833, Phil Hebert, assault by wil
fully shooting at.
840, W E Harper, assault by wil.
fully shooting at.
841, Mack Essex, larceny.
FOR FRIDAY, 21ST.
847, Sherman Nash manslaugh
ter.
855, Jasper Sharbino, assault
with a dangerous weapon.
856, Oscar Futrell, cursing and
swearing near a private house.
POR SATURDAY, 22D.
858, C McPeters et al, assault
and battery. Fled the eountry
8%, J A Bradfold, tIr, cutting
timber on the lands of another.
862, Wm Reitzell, assault with a
dangeraus weapon.
FOR MOL. DAY, 24TH
864, HIouston Caplps, inflicting a
wound less than mayhem
871, State vs John Breeda, shoot
ing with intent to murder
For Tuesday, 25th
874, Wm Hlamil, larceny
875, Bill Breazeale, obtaining
money nnder false pretenses
For'Wednesday, 26th
805, Bert Guiul, John Raburn et
al, larceny and receiving stolen
gtxsls
.737, IlHarrison Schism, larceny
The accused in the above cases
are hereby notified and requested
to send the names of their wit
nesses to the office of the Clerk of
the Court a sufficient time before
court convenes of sanie
W L Shackelford,
Clerk of District Court
Effect of Demometizing Silver.
Year. Wheat. Cotton. Silver.
1872......$ 1.47 $0.19.3 $ 1.32
1873...... 1.31 18.8 1.29
1874...... 1.43 15.4 i.27
1875...... 1.12 15.0 1.24
1876...... 1.24 12.9 1.15
1877...... 1.17 11.8 1.20
1878...... 1.34 11.1 1.15
1879 ...... 1.07 9.9 1.12
1880...... 1.25 11.5 1.14
1881...... 1.11 11.4 1.13
1882...... 1.19 11.4 1.13
1883...... 1.13 10.8 1.11
1884...... 1.07 10.5 1.01
1885...... .86 10.6 1.06
1886...... .87 9.9 .99
1887...... .89 9.5 .97
1888...... .85 9.8 " .93
1889...... .90 9.9 .93
1890...... .83 10.1 1.04
1891....... .85 10.00 .90
1892...... .80 8.7 .86
1893...... .50 7.2 .75
The above shows the price of
cotton, wheat and silver in 1872,
.and also shows the gradual decline
of these commodities since the de
monetization of silver in 1873. We
would suggest a careful considera
tion of these figures, and see what
consolation you can draw out of the
absolute demonetization of silver
now. Such things are worth study
ing seriously.
Laboramgmen Condemn Demo
cratic Platform.
DALLAs, Tex., Aug. 24.-The
laboring men of Dallas hela a mass
meeting last night and after listen
ing to a number of fiery Populistic
speeches, passed a long and bitter
series of resolutions against the
State Democratic platform, because
of its endorsement of President
Cleveland's use of federal trooos in
Chicago during the late strike, be
cause of its failure to endorse free
silver coinage at the ratio of 16 to
1, and because of the demand that
laws be passed by the State legis
lature to prevent strikers from in
timidating or persuading men who
take their places to quit work.(
TIlE LOUISIANA POPULIST,
Published every Friday,
AT NATCHITOCHES, LOUISIANA.
-- -00------
ONE LOLLAR A YEAR, IN ADVANCE.
----oo
The leading Populist paper of North Louisiana.. Devoted to the ed-
cation of the masses upon the reform issues of the Day.
- -
ADVERTISING RATES ON APPLICATION AT OFFICE
It has a large circulation, and Advertisers will get large returns tbrongh
their Advertisement in the Populist.
Edited by 1l7. F. MACHEN, and i. L. BRIAN , Ausso
elate Editor, and Published by the Natchito
ches Publishing Co.
It will give the leading local and general news items.
The Populist Job Office is prepared to do all kinds ot Job Printing,
in the neatest style, at St. Louis prices. Will print
Circulars, Programmes, Bill Heads,
Letter Heads, Envelopes, Posters,
Dodgers, Note Heads, Cards, l
Funeral Notices, Ahci
Give as your work, and we guatantee satisfaction in Style, price snn
promptness of delivery.
------o:
The Popnuit is designed to spread among the people a knowledge o
their political and social rights; an excellent advertising medium u it,
circalates largely among all classes.
Be sure to subscribe for it. Be sure to advertise in it. Thye is no
harm in getting both sides of all questions. Therefore bear our sile by
sending us a D)ollar for the Populist one year.
Then send us your JOB PRINTING, try our styles and prices. We
believe we can please you; let us try, and then you will know wh5t
we cail do.