LOUISIANA POPULIST.
FRIDAY, JAN 10, 149, ti,
-- I
Church Services. s
Servies at the Mlethlodih church eve- w
rv Vir-t and ''hirl Silnd:la at 11 a. m.. ya
and 7:30 p. n.. hy the PIastor. H. W.
HRikev. Praover inuetiUgI:very Wd lnes- W
day njight at 7:30 p. in. ti
ItAi i r-- E. E. aVie r. pastor. Reg
ular services, ,.econd alnll foulrth Suilldays,.
11 a mi.. iil 8. p. in i Sunday Shnoli , 10 f
a. in.; P'ravyer Inetiig, Wednesday, 8 p.
ai All invited.
Lodges.
Pl.,nix l.odihe No. 38, A. F. & A. M.- ll
1. V .lllale . AV..IL t.: .i. E. ]itt., 5 ,'tly.
Mi'ets iist anii l tllhil \.Wednll ýisays, at 7 Ii
Ii. iii.
('astle 11:11l N . t.i, Klinlihta of Pythiaa
-.1. E. lhired , ('. (.; Adolph L'llerisoni ,
K.. of . S. Meets secod andii fourth
Tluiirsdays, at S L. mi
iWe le authorized to announce P
the nmieil' of L. H. Ilurnside. as a
eandidat- for the ifllice (if PO)IACE
.IU11'()O of w:rl :.. sul,ject to the
action of the People's liarty of that gI
ward.
FOR MA YOR. dI
We are authorized to announce
AIX)LPII L'IIERIISSON, as a
candlidate for re-election to the
office of .Mayor of the city of v
Natchitoches, at the approaching a
election. d
Our clever railroad President,
Capt. L. Caspari, gave our Pop- e
ulist State Convention a half fare o:
on his road, the N. & R. R. V. it
railway, and the delegates from h
this and adjoining parishes appre
ciate his kindness.
DENTISTRY.
DR. R. S. CALVES, establish- a
ed 1869, having returned to per- ih
manently locate in Natchitoches,
offers his services in all branches of ti
his profession, to his clients and h
the public. ti
Office at, the corner of Cypress ei
and New Second Streets. ti
Painless extraction of teeth. ti
Terms moderate. jlO. 3
Rev. J. E. Riddle, the Metho- ti
dist minister here, was thrown from ec
his bycicde last Monday, and seri- o
ously hurt. ie does not remem- zi
her how the fall came about, but it p
is needless to say that his confidence ei
in the "bike" is somewhat shaken. le
TO RETURN.
Having sold out my Gallery in
Hope, Ark., I will return to your al
city January 15th. I will he pre
pared to furnish all grades of pic
ture work, from a min'ature pic
ture to life size.
ETH HORD.
j 10-2t. b1
Our Normal Schxol has resumed k
its work after a two weeks' holi- P
day, with teachers and pupils re- e:
freshed and full of hope and ener- tl
vy. Everything is running as p
smoothly and lessons are as per- tl
feet as if no holiday had been giv- Ik
en. Oh, our School is the place to d
educate I i
lewlg Wated. ft
Fashionable Dressmaker. Chil
dreri's clothing a specialty.
LOUISE TESSIER. b
Dec 6.-8t. a
This editor is attending the Pop> -
alist convention at Alexanmdria this
week, and therefore can't get up
much local matter, but we will
drop in a ftew "Convention Notes"
that will be more interesting to our
Populist readers than local matter.
Pay I~r bbserip"aem.- h
If you haven't paid your sub- d
scription it's your fault, not ours.
Don't be bashful, but come by and (
msee us, spd while you are coming, E
bring your dolr along. L
1s Pollee Jry and School Board
met leti Moday, and transasted
the ums belanga..
lbs Ikoratle candidate was
au nmwows t hs tfestive flsa in
Sumesr, atervietwing the dear
people wh had business before
thoee bodhe
Jeb work mst be paid for when '
deliverd, There is no exeption ul
to this i. Strictly sh. as
A De eta. prumary iPs do
jiaep ia If you are aPopu-'
Mat bsap4i e them by all
Ifales. -
It?· ·--. barmyiE~P"r @ ,
9 BondM Instead of War.
SPopulists are n,t pro)hets., but
they have studied the great con- v
spiracies that have been and are to
still being formed to sap the th
*, wealth of the nations of the earth, bh
. and have so familiarized themselves pl
. with the rise and downfall of na at
tions, that they are able to read ci
"the hand-writing on the wall" as hi
10 fast as the conspirators put it nt
1 there. or
- The first issue of the weekly re- at
form press after Cleveland's "war D
- message' came out, showed Popu- to
7 list sentiment almost unanimously, In
declaring that the message was a er
ii, "blind" to hide another issue of ar
th bonds. di
- Tom Watson, in his People's 1p
ce Party Paper, of Atlanta, Ga., said: at
a "This war scare is to be utilized ea
for the purpose of riveting the ty
at gold hug shackles." pl
"Build more battle-ships, enlarge L
* the army, pile up the national
debt-that's what will come of it."
The American Nonconformist
ce said : o0
he "Englandl doesn't want any
of war. But she would like to have
g a few more Iands. Cleveland
doesn't want or expect war either.
But he would also like to have
some more bonds. Thus, in spite
re of the hub-bub over Venezuela,
V. it will he seen that Cleveland and
m England, as heretofore, are in sub
e- stantial agreement." it
Hon. John Davis, Populist mem- t3
ber of congress, says : t
"The people of the United States fi
are a very fat goose w hich is being n,
r- industriously plucked and devour- v,
s, ed by the plutocrats of two con- tl
of tinents. The suffering carcass, tl
however, is sometimes a little res- t<
tive, and it is found necessary to ti
S employ diversions to attract atten- ni
tion in other directions. Hence, n,
b. the occasional discussion of the tj
Monroe Doctrine, and other ques- ,
o- tions. A war with England, or li
m even a serious discussion of it, al
-i- over a moiety of territy in Vene- fi
n- zuela is a splendid device for their
it purposes. But no truly enhght
ce ened man will suffer himself to be a
n. led astray by so open a fraud." 0
And thus do the Populists show $,
before the real purpose of the "war ci
scare" has become public, that they tl
are in no wise deceived by it. t(
O- Instead of gravely commenting a
lc
on the possibilities of war with ti
- England, or telegraphing the Pres- tl
ident of their readiness to enlist in al
battle with the supposed belliger s:
ent "John Bull," or otherwise ma- ai
ed king themselves ridiculous, the ti
li- Populists have pointed out that the h
e- excitement desired to be created by tI
ar- the cry of war. was necessary to si
as put the public mind in that shape h
r- that it would either excuse or over- a
v- look another large .rivate bon r
to deal with Morgan, Belmont and e4
Rothschild, England's most power- 4
ful citizens. tl
il. Now, that the contract has al- n
ready been signed by which the d
bonds are to be handed over on the o
same or a little worse conditions n
than the last infamous secret deal, a
Sthe public are getting their eyes tl
open, and those fellows who had 0
Sdonned their war paint are looking
Saround for some one to kick them. a
S The contract calls for $100,000,- v
or 000 of 80-year, 4 per cent, goldtl
bonds, with the privilege of ma
king it $S900,000,000, if Cleveland e
Ib- desires it. ii
S Havmg got what they wanted,
SCleveland and Rothschild have lost
, their war fever, and appointed ao
large and respectable Venesuelan
commission (of Democrats and Re- '
Spublieus) to help them to grace
fully haek down and resume their c
womted amicable relations. And a
together they will enjoy the pro
ceds of the steal. r
Cheap products mean hobeap la
bor. There is nodoging this. The
laboring man who listens to the
a "cheap clothing and food" argn
on met of the goldbhags will cut his
own throat Other laborers pro
des the food and clothes you buy,
awl thosem other laborera hby what
Syea produce.--Ex.
orbribe for and ead the Lou- a
li m oauzm,$ 1 ayem, in ad- 4J
D **n rat, P:'ta-n.
t The Shrev lport 1):Democratic con
i- vention reiflirnms their allegiance e
0 to Democratic principles-after
e they had just violated the main one
, by naming candidates before the
s platform-endorsing the suffrage
- amendment as a STRICTLY DEMO
(1 CRATIC MEASCRE ; endorsed Gold
s by saying the question belonged to al
t national polities which is for Gold
or we would have had free silver of
already - endorsed the Monroe
r Doctrine-which, of course belongs Y
- to State polities only, and is not a
, national question like Free Silver- i
a endorsed the president's message;
If and then worked off fifteen hun- l1
dred 50 cent silver dollars on ONE
s poor barkeeper alone ; adjourned ri
: and went home, congratulating
d each other and the l)emocratic par
e ty on what they had dlone.-Peo- P
pie's Party Tribune, Washington,
e La.
1O1 PES tl
FORl RENT. ti
At First floor of Pythian Building,
on St. Denis Street. Bids will be ri
v received until January 15th. n
Apply to A
e G. L. TRICIIEL.
d Mic. K. HOLSTON.
A. M. DEITRICH.
e Committee. b
e Jan. 3. ,
Don't It Beat Hell.
)- I have been laboring under the d
impression that I had been a pret- r
I- ty close observer of what has been 1
transpiring in these United States d
for the lpast thirty years. And Ii
g now, in view of the fact that (Gro
r- ver Cleveland has seen fit to call tl
- the people's attention to a possible c
, theft that is about to be perpetra
- ted by the English on this side of ii
:o the water it has dawned upon my c
I- mind that it would not be amiss for u
, me to enumerate a few of the 0
1e thefts that have already been com
5- mitted by these "blarsted Hing- t
'r lish," I saw them come over hero a
t, at the close of the war and steal I
D- first mortgage on the Pacific Rail- ii
ir way and leave the United States to
t- "hold the sack" to the extent of
>c $44,000,000 of bonds and interest a
on the same to the tune of nearly t
' $50,000,00000 more. I saw them f
tr come over here about the close of
y the war and gather up our legal
tender currency and with it steal t
ig some $2,000,000,0(w) out of our
th treasury, which, with interest on
s- the same, amounts, up to date, to
in about $2,0000,000,000 more. I t
r saw them come over here in 1874 t
a- and steal several millions of long- t
ie time bonds. I saw them come over a
ie here in 1873 and steal the legal t
,y tender power away from all the
to silver we had in our mines. I
eI have seen them come over here
r- andl steal all of our most valuable
ii railway securities and hold them in
al so fast a grip that their financial
r- agent, J. Pierpoint Morgan, says E
that he has it in his power to de
1. mand.the resignation of the presi
ie dent of any of our trunk lines who
ie objects to a rate of freight that will
s not meet the interest and dividends
u, upon the securities, no matter what
os the condition of business is in this
Id country.
I have seen them steal the stocks
o. and securities of our gold and sil
,.ver mines in the same manner asI
I those of the railways. I saw them
a- two years ago steal all of our brew- I
ed eries (but unfortunately left them
in the country). I saw them only
d, last summer steal a majority-of the
stock of. the Anaconda, the largest
a copper mine in the country. I
have seen them come over here I
with their mortgage and loan com
Spanies and steal a lien on s0 per
ir cent. of all the agricultural land I
of this country. I have seen them 1
steal $200,000,000 from the treasu
ry during the past two years. I
saw them last summer come over
Shere and enter the executivo man- I
sion at the dead hour of midnight
and steal $66,000,000 of our bonds.
And at the time that I am pen-1
, ning this article the Associated
SPress dispatches inform me that
the asme English agent is at the
at White House preparing to steal
another hatch. And the same
agent is at thismoment trying with
u- a legal jimmy to steal the $346,
d- 090,000 of greenbaeks that we have
left.
I know that tlhe tihimn s I hayv
criinlllllll ate'd have Ienl s.tol'lln be
eaIse Mr. Carlisle, in his reports,
informs me that more gold has
gone out of this country since its
formation than has come inm. And
he says that nothing but gold is
money. And if these "blasted
Ilinglish" didn't give us money for
all these things there is no way
left for them to have got them
r only by stealing.
Now, during the past twenty-five
years, thousands of people, inclu
cding myself, through the reform
press and from the public rostrum,
have been telling the American
lpeople of this stealing and beg
ging of them to join a national pat
riotic party and tight with their
ballots to stop the theiving, only
to be turned upon by American
people with all sorts of reproach.
But at this late hour conies along
Grover Cleveland and tells them
that these "blarsted British" are
trying to steal a little India-rub
her patch from a few semi-Barba
rians in South America and every
mother's son of these 68,1sN)0,4,0)
American sovereigns is willing to
"wade in blood up to the bridle
hits" to stop the theft. "Don't it
beat hell "'--American Conformist.
Their Only Hlope.
A leading Democrat from Gov
ernor Foster's parish said yoster
e day that St. Mary would be car
ried for the administration. "We
n propose," he said, "to fight the
devil with fire."
He was asked what he meant
literally. His reply was: "Why,
we'll divide the negro vote, and if
II that is no good to beat 'em we will
e count 'em out."-Daily Picayune.
t- The above sentiment appeared
,f in the colums devoted to the dis
y cussion of the success of the Pop
r ulist ticket when supported by all
e opposition to Foster.
- From this we learn that the Fos
. ter ticket is in the minority already,
o also that the only hope of said
Il Foster ticket winning in this fight
I- is to "divide the negro vote" or
:o "count 'em out."
If In the face of this frank admis
St sion, our Enterprise should be able
y to explain why it is so infamous
a for Republicans and negroes to
tf vote the Populist ticket.
l The Enterprise is a hypocrite of
il the first magnitude.
n The logic of the goldbugs is that
,o it takes low prices and hard times
to make "sound currency," and
,4 the strangest part of it is that
there are a lot of fools who'feel
ir and know that this is a lie, yet
al they persist in voting for it.-Ex.
te Don't vote for hard times and
then grumble because you have to
l work like a dog to make a living.
11
mi LICENWE ORDINANCE.
ie Be it Ordained by the Mayor and
City Council of Natchltoches, that the
9t graduation for a License Tax for the
I City of Natchitoches, La., for the year
1806, as made for the State on all Trades
fe Professions, Vocations, Callings and Oc
. iupations, Etc., carried on within the
City limits, and on which the State le
.r vies a License, is this day adopted ;
id That the amount of said License Tsx
for the City is hereby levied and fixed
m for the year 1806, at fifty per centum of
a. the amount collected by the 8tate, on
all Trades, Professions, Vocations, Call
I ings and occupations, etc., except that
r known as the Liquor License, in places
where liquor is sold by retail, w ich is
11- hereby fixed at 100 per centum, or equal
t to the State license.
Be It also Ordained, That any Ped
5. dler or Hawker shall pay m advance a
n license of Five Dollars, if on foot, Ten
"ollars if with one horse, Fifteen Dol
id lars if with horse and vehicle, and
t Twenty-five Dollars if with a boat.
And the City Tax Colleclor shall pro
e oeed with the collection of the same
i within the same time and under the
same penalties as the State tax collee
e tor.
h Adopted Thursday, Jan. 9th, 186.
- t AD, L'HERISSON,
I- A trum copy, Mayor.
e J. A. Dcou sAu J an.,
Acting Secretary.
Jlan. 10,
GRAND SALE!
OF DESIRABLE RIVER AND HILL LANDs
Also Toiwn Property.lincluding the Popular
H ostelry Knowrn as the City IHotel.
Rare Opportunity by Auction at the Front Door of
the Court-house in
Natchitoches, La., Jan'y. ?1, 1896,
G. L. TRICIIEL, EX-OFFICIO AUCTIONEER.
o:o- -
TERMS--One-fourth Cash, balance in 1, 2 and :3 years, with inlltr'lrs
at 7 per cent.
PURCHIASERS TO ASSUME TAXES (I 1,96;.
1. 60 acres of land situated between 9..';300 a'res"'toflaut. being. the ulln
lanlds io ('helette and St. Andre. for- divided qularte'r interest in the Ft'redi-ii
mntrl y the propelrty of Franlci'i lia- plantation Oh l)14ihriver.
phael. 11. Halfl ilnterest iln 6i0.41 -arp nts
2. 100 acres of land. heing the E" of ('ani river. ounnhded alsie by -landIs of
SW} and E4 of SI of SW} See. 24. 24T. 7, .MIarie Pauline Rto,llqlu. an:d isIlow I..
R. 9, lands of Marie Lik-lle.RIqtuS, in the
3. 40aecres, being the SWi of SE} rear by F'ranc:lois Raphael. -,
Sec'. 26. T. 1T . H. 7. 11. 52"01.36 acres kllown ais tthe SIt'
4. 70 acres on Little River, between pheis tract o llayou Sline.i
lands of Brossett and Norris. 1'2. 7ti ares of land in the Parish of
5. One-half of 160 ac're. ling the Natchitcllhes. rat lont 3} miileh Nlrtlh
NWi*of4SE, S} of N El, El of Nt, west of this cit'. near C('ap Salubrity.
and SWt hec. 31. T. S. R. I. 13. Quarter interest In 582.65 acres
6. 804) acres, being NWI of SWAI Sec. oil lo'r-c.thea: il:avun. neari'lIontul itrillo
36. T. 9. R. 10. anlld dih.,-ribedt at Set'S. 40. T. 5, it. 6. WV.
7, 80 acres ill Section 9, T. 7. it. 7. 141.0 anre; nI.ar Spanish Lake, des
I)ountded North and East hy Lake At- ignat-d as Lot . of Section 21, and
case, South by Provencal Bayou and Lot 1 of Si'.. 27. T. 1t, it. ,S.
West by lands of J. A. ('Carroll. 13. Six. lots in Springville,. eing
8. 206 acres of land onl Little Rivet' Lots 12,;13, 14, 15, 21 andtl 22.
between lands of Derousseau and Car
roll.
I will also offer the followinfg on same condition. :
1. 104 acres of land with all the [5. r (nie lott oflfground on Secondll St.
buildings and improveluents thereon, Ihllntlded albove Ihv lot of ll. Kallie &
situated on Cane River abouti 3 miles Brao.. East bly i1. katlli & EBro.. -ottlh
below Cloutierville and boundedtl above by lot of J. A. )Dutcourntau and West
by lands of L. J. Rachal and Raoul by, Secondll street with a frionlt iof ll4
Rachal and below by lands of H. & B. feet. on said street and riunning hatck
Beer. A desirable piece of proplrty. 184 feet for depth. Also ainothellr lot lof
2. 354 acres of land. molre or less. groul'ld on liorn street. tback of the
on Old river known as the "Shublrook City Hotetl and Baptist Church.
Place," not far from Bayotu Natchez 6. 280 acres iof land, It'ilg the half
Station, bounded above by lands of L. interest iil SW* of SEt Sect. 33. T'. 8, It,
Dupleix. below by lands tof Plauche. 8. the NWVi of NEKIt See. . T. 7. it. 8,
For the homeseeker this is the chance'. the NE) ,of N'.}, NW} of NEI See. 19.
3. Half interest in 2 lots of grounld T. 1. 8. R. 8.the NWi'-tijSEi antl Si of
in City of Natchitochles with a frontage NE) and SW' oft SE Se '. 4, T. 8, It. 8,
of 58 feet and depth of 931 feet each. Parish of Natchitoclhes.
bounded on the North by property of 7. 10t acres in Set. 4. I'. 8, I. 8"
Chelette, and South by Bossier street. Also the N V iof Set'. 24. T'. 7, It. ¶1.
and East by 5th street. 8. 281 acres of land in Se. 21,. r.
4. 280 acres of hill lantd, being the R. 8, and 64 acres in Sec. 9 'f-K. H.
Nj of N E of SE} of SEI Sec. 32, T. 9,
R. 8. Accessible and well timbered.
A HOUSE AND LOT on the corner of Secontd and Horn Street. lPopilarlv
known as the CITY H-OTIEL. Adminirably lhwated in tilhe tente'r tof town\ andll al
ways rented. This is the ONLY Builting in t,,wn bulilt EIPIEC'IALLY FOR
H(OTEL PURPOSES. This property is directly loppositei the Opera Houn-' and
within two blocks of the Courthouse.
--:.
Parties seeking Garden spots for Homes or inve\'stln!et pI:l'.l(, keep this sale
in view. I will offer at private sale at mly llice ill the C'ity of Natchitoches
until the day of sale all the foregoing property and: will Ito pleased to give full
description to parties applying.
G. L. TRICHEL,
The New Livery,
FEED AND SALE STABLES.....
WALTER SCOTT, Proprietor.
(McHOLSTON'S OLD STAND, CIIUICUH STREET,)
NATCIIITUCHES, LA.
---+- -------------------- --------
A full line of New BUGGIES, HIACKS and l)rumnenors' WA(G
ONS. Fresh HORSES for Saddle or Teamus.
Lots of FEED and ample accommodations for Stock.
BUSS meets all trains, and calls ait any place in city for you. j3
The State NormalSchool,
NATCHITOCeCS. LA.
The Eleventh Annual Session \will Open on
Tuesday October 1st. and continue eight
months. The Second Term will be
gin on the First Monday in lebruary.
o Age of Admission to Normal Department: z5 for Ladies and ,6
for Gentlemen.
SThe Faculty of Fourteen able instructors gives full coarse of Profes
a sional Training in the Science and Art of Teaching, anui
thorough instruction in all branches taught in the
High lSchools, including Drawing, Voc;al Mit
sale, Elocution, Book.keeping, and
Latin or French.
Location Unsurpassed for Beauty and Healthfulness.
Diploma Entitles Holder to a FIRST
GRADE Teacher's CertifEcate without
Examination.
Tuition Free in Normal Department
Board et0 per month at the Normal, V12.50 inl private fatmilies.
Fox CATALOGUE ADDIUESS,,,
THOS. D. gBOCYLD, Ircs!dent