LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS.
VOL I. NATC'HITOCHES, LOUISIANA, FRIDAY, J,11IN" 5., 1895. NO. 4;.
m1_ i___ • ~____ I I I
REMARKABLE PAPER.
A DECLARATION OF THE RIGHTS
OF MAN.
Mauimilian nbhesplarre's Vews of 1hat
Should ('onstitlte a State. of Individ*
ualt Itllht of the Citizen, Together
With an Ottiln of Go;uvernment.
The following deciarations of the
rights of man by Maximilian Robes
pierre, taken from (0 Brien' trans
lation of liuouarrotti's history of
lBab ruf s (onspiracy for Equality.
speak for themselves. \\e give same
without endorsement or comment:
The represirenta!ti es of the French
people. assembled as a national con
vention, acknowledge that all human
laws which do not emanate from the
eternal laws of justice, are boit crimai
nal outrages of ignorance and despot
ism against humanity: and convinced
that tie forgetfulness and contempt
of the natural rights of man are the
sole causes of the crimes and calami
ties of the world. have resolved to
lay open. in a solemn declaration.
those sacred and inalienable rights;
to the end that all citizens
being always able to compare
the act of the government with the
design of all social institutions, may
never suffer themselves to be op
pressed and degraded by tyranny; and
the people may have perpetually be
fore its eyes the basis of its liberty
and happiness the magistrate, the
rule of his duties the legislator, the
object of his mission -in consequence
the national convention proclaims, in
presence of the universe and the Su
premo Legislator of the world, the
following declaration of the rights of
man and the citizen:
1. The end of all political associa
tions is the the maintenance of the
natural and imprescriptible rights of
man, and the development of all his
faculties.
2. The principal rights of man are
those of providing for his existence
and liberty.
3. These rights belong to al: men
equally, whatever difference may be
in their physical and moral force.
Eq]uality of rights is established by
nature. Society. so far from inva
ding it constitutes its security against
the abuse of force, which would ret,
der it illusory,
4. i.iberty is the power which be
loegs to a man o! exercising all his
faculties at pleasure. It has justice
for its rule, the rights of others for its
boundaries. nature for its origin, and
the law for its safeguard.
i. The right of peaceably assemb
ling-- of manifesting opinions, whether
through the press or by other means
--are such necessary consequences of
the principles of man's liberty that
the necessity of declaring them sup
poses either the presence or the re
cent remembrance o! despotism.
6. Property is the right which each
citizen has to enjoy and dispose of, at
his pleasure, the portion of wealth
that is guarranteed to him by law.
7. The right of property is limited,
like all other rights, by the obliga
tion to respect the rights of others.
8. It can prejudice neither the safe
ty, nor the liberty, nor the existence,
nor the property of our fellow citi
seas.
9. All trame that violates this prin
ciple is essentially illicit and immoral.
1.0. Sooiety is under obligation to
pc ide subsistence for all its mem
mr. either by proceing employment
for them, or by enuring means of ex
Isteace to those who are incapable of
laboer.
11. The relief ladispensible to those
that a in want of necessaroes is a
debt due by the possessors of super
Sal.tea It beloqs to the law to de
termine the manner in which the
debt should be dihharled.
1t. Ctixmme wheoe iecomee do not
ezosed what is seesesary to their sub
eslease are dispemed fromoooribut
lg to the publie eapedtutr. The
vusteqghr to oatribute prolreslvely,
raiag to'the esotat of 1their foer
18 Slou eaght to faver whi all
a-wmew the pregam of pubteo ee
. - p " es e teseO oa within the
.I, ell e s i Ies, ws
I The pels is tk evereiga
vv._ment . he work d it pr
@aerti Iio fosMwes ame its
Il ke law Is the free and elmea
eagpate af the aipeople's will.
ti1. The 1r -ea forbM osly what
'*trtCgh it bas preoscribe only whba
". r g4 that vIotate ths Imape
us lw at e
--eete *0e *a*I
h as *sarase r
the general will. Each section of the
sovereign assembly ought to enjoy
the right of expressing its will with
perfect liberty; it is essentially inde
pendent of all constituted authorities,
and competent to regulate its own
policy and deliberations
S.1. Ali the citizens are equally ad
missible to all public functions with
out any other distinctions than those
of virtue and talent --withot any
other title tan the confidence of the
people.
3 22. All the citizens have an equal
- right to concur in the nomination of
- the delegates of the people and in the
f foundation of the law.
'":. In order that these rights be
not illusory, and renderod chimerical,
society sugnt to pay the public func
tionaries and to provide that the citi
ens who labor ought to be able to
assist at the public assemblies to
whjich the law calls them, without
compromising their means of exist
ence or that of their families.
21. Every citizen ought religiously
to obey the magistrates and agents of
the goverment, while they are the
organs and executors of the law.
B25. But every act against the lib
ertv, the safety, or against the prop
erty of man, iy whomsoever exer
cised, even in the name of the law
itself, if not comprehended within the
cases determined by the law, and
within the forms it prescribes-every
such act is arbitrary and null. The
very respect due to the law forbids
submission Vt, it, and if the attempt be
made to execu:te such act by violence.
it is permitted to repel force by force. I
2ti6 The right of presenting peti
tions to the uepositaries of public au
thority belongs to every individual.
Those to whom they are addressed I
ought to determine upon the points
which constitute the object of them:
but they can never either interdict, or I
restrict, or condemn the exercise of I
the right
27. Resistence to oppression is the 1
consequence of the other rights of
man and of the citizen.
2i Th'iere is oppression against the
social body whenever one alone of its
members is oppressed. There is op- 1
pression against every member of it
when the social body is oppressed.
"21. When the government violates
the rights of the people insurrection is I
for the people, and for every portion '
of the people, the most sacred of
rights and the most indispensable of e
duties.
30. Wthen the social guarantee or t
compact fails to protect a citizen, he e
resumes his natural right to defend a
personally all his rights.
31 In either of the two preceding
cases, to subject to legal forms the t
resistance to oppression is the last re
finement of tyranny.
32 Public functions cannot be con- I
sidered as distinctions, nor as recom
penses, but as public duties.
33 The crimes of the delegates of d
the people ought to be severely and I
promptly punished. No one has the a
right of pretending that he is more
inviolable than other citizens. 11
34. The people have the right to C
know all the operations of its dele- D
gates. It is the duty of the latter to a
render to the people a faithful ac. m
count of their behavior, and to sub- c
mit to its judgment with respect.
33. Men of all countries are broth
ers, and the people of each ought to
yield one another mutual aid, accord
ing to their ability, like citizens of I
the same state.
36. He who oppresses one nation
alone is declared ao enemy of all.
37. Those who make war orn a peo
ple, to arrest the progress of liberty,
and to annihilate the rights of man,
ought to be pursued everywhere, not
as ordinary persons, but as assassins
and brigand rebels.
88. Kings, aristocrats and tyrants
of every description, are slaves in re
volt aganast the sovereign of the earth,
which is the human race, and against
the Logislator of the universe, which
is msatae.
WLast a IDemeert I5ss,
Dr. Wootan, president of the Board I
of Regents of the state university, in I
his remamrks prior to conferring de- a
gress os the university graduates the i
other day at Austin said:
**The temporary nscidal diffeul
ties of the state, induced by exurav
gane and waster· ul expenditres in
other departments of the goverument. I
far lese important and useful than the
reast lsiatlttion whome erowning suc
ces is isadliepensible to the eomplete
aese of our educational system, should
set be allowed to cripple and toerump
the developmeet t this unalversity,
uand the soose the reliang peotiMeal i
leaeee ia Texa are made to under
ss that fba the Ibetter it will be
for the eopleudl for the praetlal
eslseyb o higher edestiee as the .
meet swhale adjauct at their happi.
Mih GoV. Culberson and ex-Gev. -
IHgg wwere msting on the plaform ,
from whisk Dr. Wotem delivered his
Whrat's the master wit the d i gem
etrirah ight belle og nd CI
- Ikomslets s -r Isleslatore I -
A SUMMER OUTING.
The Pleasures and Benefits to Bo De.
rived Lt the Mountains of Colorado.
The days are here, when one begins
to make plans for h a summer outing,
and studies railway maps and ques
tions friends to learn of the best spots,
and where the most varied amusements
may be had for the least outlay. To
]Kansas people the Rocky Mlountains
are the most convenieknt and afford op
r portunity f,.r the enjoyment of tastes
t of alll shades. Tw.vnty-four hours
places the most eastern dweller of the
state right in the heart of the great di
vide and Ih has enjoyed such scenes
enroute as wealthy tourists go across
the oc, an to find. The Lenver & Rio
Grande It,,ad, the (;reat 6cenic RIoute
of the world, takes you at Pueblo or
Denver. and whirls you through canons
where there must have been an en
chantment and where giant arms have
dashed the boulders into their present
resting places. The ride through the
Royal (;urge displays the great ingenu
I ity of Its engineers. and the obstinate
determination of its builders. The rails
are place's in almost inaccessible places.
along the edge of the stream or tor
fore d out of the way to make room
for the rock road bed and the iron rails.
At certain points the torrent maintains
its supremacy, but the difficulty is met
and surmounted, a set of hangers be
ing made into the cliffs overhead, to
support the bridge work and track. The
stream is still jubilant over its power
over man, and laughs, booms and dash
es by as the train Iasses, not caring for
the queer shadows that fall into it.
If it can only be supreme at this crit
ical point. The canon is one of the
grandest in the world, barely wide
enough, in certain parts, to admit of
the stream and the tracks, the granite
walls of giant mountains towering
above and over all, giving a still more
impressive object lesson of the great
force of Nature which has caused it
all. Toe climb is a long one, and after
leaving Salida you think it over and
that as you enter upon a slight down
grade, or a smiling valley, that you
are now going to slide down into the
great San Luis Valley. Never were you
more mistaken; and if you look you
will see two puffing little giants pulling
the train for several hours yet. At
length, however, when you have begun
to wish for breakfast, the summit is
reached, and there is a rapid stride
down the western slope, and into the
beautiful valley. For more than fifty
miles the track is as straight as an
arrow, and the train speeds along bring
ing you into Almosa for breakfast, right
under the shadow of Blanco. the high
est mountain in this country. All
around are smiling fields as far as the
eye can reach, until vision is interrupt
ed by the mountains which encircle the
valley. Some one has said the West
range on the east are a ring and that
Blnco is the setting. These mountains
afford every variety of amusement and
entertainment. There is fine trout fish
ing; in season there are plenty of duck/
and curlew. These are in the valley.
If big game is desired you must go
back into the mountains, where elk,
bear, mountain sheep and lions, grouse,
etc., are still to be found. Outfit at one
of the pleasant little hamlets and spend
a month* In these mountains and in
this valley, if you want an outing. If
you wish to meet the gay social par
ties, that make themount ains their
home in the summer, go to Colorado
Springs, Manitou, or some other of the
delightful resorts on the line of the
Denver & Rio Grande road.
We know of no greater advantage to
health than may be gained by a sojourn
away from the cares of business and
daily duties of the routine of living.
Here there is no routine but a contin
ued change of pleasure, resulting more
profitably to a tired body or over-taxed
mind than any other oppportunity with
in reach. The Denver & Rio Grande
Company looks after the comfort of its
patrons with scrupulous care, and pro
vides the best facilities for observation
and enjoyment of the ride. If you have
never yet visited these precincts, de
cide now to do so this year, and get
the rest and health you have been look
ing for. F. P. BAKER.
A Dleappolnated asbaLd
Sympathetic Friend-I hear that
your partner has skipped with $20.
000 of your moner.
Business Man-Yes; but that's not
all the ungrateful scoundrel did.
Friend-What else did he do?
Business Man - He neglected to
take my wife along with him, and he
has been flirting with her for the
last six months, the ungrateful
hound.-Texas Siftings.
Evtdst.r Out of the swim.
Mr. De Style-Why have you out
Mrs. Highup from your list of
acquaintances ?
Mra De Style-They have lost
their money.
",Who says so?"
,No one; but rve learned that she i
Is giving her daughters a thorough ,
eduestion. That shows that she
wsates them to be school-tseachers"- 1
New York Weekly.
A Last Rems
Little Boy-I want you to write
ma an excruse for being late to schooli
yesterday.
Jeweler-Eh? You are not my
sos
Little Boy-N-. but mamma says
I had plenty of time to get to sheol,
soIguess the clook you sold uher
doesa't go right,
Teasoher. is a physiology lesson
The next process in digestion is
called ohymlcation. During this.
the fool is turned around and arouend
Sthe stomach
Tommy Traddles-Pleae, sir, is
that what they call the dasm da
wentre?-Life
Attoer~y-Now, doetor, let me be
gie by askolag you if
Medical Expert--Pardon me, sir. i
bit to save time will yFe kindly r
best my meory by telling e what
theory it was tLhat I preomised to oear
reoberatP I haveo unfertenatekly fopj
wbysbpshb'tsqmek of the isrin I
• -,**..
ROTHSCU ILDS' ALLIUES
THEY MEET AT DALLAS IN SOL
EMN CONCLAVE.
5 After the Most Elaborate Exchange of
of Viewe, They Finally Agree Upon a
- Plan or Organiztlion for tlie (,ildhug
Forces and A*.J yurn.
l)aring the sitting of the -.sound"
I money executive committee at Dallas
recently that was named at Waco,
the following transpired:
Mr. Paddock said: "The great
I trouble is to find somebody to say
what I)emocratic principles are.
.t ude Alexander knows them, but
1Dick \\ynne and Jim "Dwayne co not
know a cussed thing about them."
( ol. W. W. Lang said he saw no
objection in the plan of organ
itzation, but he apprehended that if it
was exetended too far the \antage
ground of the state and national ulat
forms declaring for a sound currency
might be lost. lie said: -".;o to
work and organize complete machitn
ery and you may be looked upon as a
new party. You would be told that
you were going to organize outside of
the party already organized. Would
it not be better to organize clubs
based on sound money and try to cap
ture the D)emocratic party ? It is im
portant that there should be a reor
ganization of the Democratic party all
t along the line, as the party is going
away from Democratic principles. A
move of agrarianism is passing
over the country seizing all
portions of our population and
t the official families are catching
onto it. This agrarianism exist
in foreign countries, but theyr have
a strong arm to deal with it. I think
it is due in this country to the de
parture irom lDemocratic principles
through such institutions as the pro
tective, tariff, which has given rise to
expected privileges in every direction.
.A privilego cannot be granted one
man without oppressing others.
There should be an organization of
.I the )emocrat on these questions,
but at present I thino the canvass
shoulp be made on sound money. If
Swe cannot carry that principle at the
next election my advice would be to
.pick our flints and start again. We
I should strive for a government that
would take its hands off the people
and leave the race in life free to all."
Judge (;eorge Clark said: "W'hat
right have we to assume to work in
I conjunction with the present l)emo
cratic organization? it would put us
in the attitude of being repudiated.
There is an implication on the pres
ent organization that they will resent.
As Democrats we have the right to
organize within the p:arty. A hun
dred. a thousand, ten thousand Dem
ocrats may organize, provided they
keep within the proper party limita
tions, but we ought not to assume
'here that we will work with any
'body. We act for ourselves, feeling
that we are in perfect harmony with
.the party for toe purpose of keeping
alive the true principles of party
faith."
Judge W. L. Crawford said: --The
expression. 'sound money Democrats,'
is as well understood as *due process
of law.' It means the single gold
standard, Cleveland's idea of sound
money. The issue in this matter has
been tendered by Rocky mountain
.siver men who were silver Democrats
and by men in the south sbo were in
,the Democratic party These men
are now, as they confessedly have
been, in open revolt against the l)em
ocratic party. As a result there has
not been a 16i to 1 convention called
in Texas or anywhere else that has
not thrown open its doors to Popu
lists, Republicans communists and ev- 1
.ery other faction that aims to ruin the
country. We stand in line with the i
Democratic conventions of Texas on
every occasion, except the Houston I
convention, when over 100.000) Demo- 1
crats bolted because that convention I
no its money plank was in opposition
,to the national platform. There is no a
reason why we should not organize 4
'on a sound currency. We have or- I
ganized on it in Dallas without ac
committee and we see no cause to ap- c
prehend defeat or disaster. The
souns money sentiment of this state, t
if drawn in the party, would not be
indanger; there will be no danger, I
except by an unholy alliance with c
Populist. and niggers. Whenever 16 t
to I becomes the declaration of the a
Democratic party 1 am against t
it and will not vote with it because I
think it will mean the desolation of i
my eountry-a greater desolation a
than than that of 1837. In grave i
matters like this I think for myself I
and vote for my country, as Wash a
Jones says. I think we ought to go
no further than organize Democratic
elubs I think if the 100,000 Demo
crats who bolted the convention at
Houston would give out to oftice-hold- a
ers that they would not vote for them E
on a platform of 16 to 1 omce-holders '
would revamp their platsorm." c
Billy, dear the "Populists and anlg- I
gerts" will take pare of themselves.
The following ameaded report was C
adopted by the executive committee: t
1. That Judge Rufus Hardy of Cot- C
sienna be selectod as permanent i
chalrua of the committee, with
power to appoint a seeretary, subjeet
to the approval oI the committee. -
2. That the committee be increased
so as to consist of one member frorm'
each senatorial district in the state.
3. That in view of the agitation
.now being actively carried on within
our ranks to commit the IDemocratic
party tJ the falacy of free silver and
the consequent danger to the party
and its sound money traditions and
for the purpose of effecting a more
perfect organization to oppose thi
agitation within the DIemocratic party
we recommend that this commiitte be
so increased as to con-ist of one mern
her from each senatorial I strict in
the state, to be appointed by the
chairman as soon a, he shall deter
mine upon them.
I. That the member from each sen
atorial district be charged with the
duty of perfecting a complete pre.
ri nct, county and district organiza:
tion of sounod monyv IDemocrats within
his district and to report the same to
the secretary of the committee.
>. Andil to thi end and for the our
pose of proviliding way~- and m;-ans we
recommend a meetin, of the commit
tee in the. city of IDallas at an early
day, to be named ib- tn. chairmian.
i. The. committee further r'-com
mcnd!s th.;t the chairman, tiirough
the other memlner-s of thie cornrinittee
and press ,urg.e the formation of local
sound money )emocratic cluhis for
the purpo.:e of diý.emieatiung ouindi
literature and takiii other acti e ed
i:cational s-tps int e\e(ry county andl
precinct in the state, and urge the-c
clubs when formed tocorresponl with
the secretary of this committee, who
will furnish themu such literature.
EDITORIAL OPINIONS.
The l)emocratic party for free coin
age: when:' --('orsicana Truth.
Aside from putting the public on
guard agitation of abuses only leads
to their correction.-. Houston Post.
All the courts now need is a Siberia
to bury men in for "contempt" of in
junction proceedings. --'ypuogra ,plical
Journal.
Law has demonetized gold. has de
monetized silver, has remonitized
gold. has remoneti,.ed silver. Law
makes money.--lPueblo lie formn-Press.
If the government fiat is not worth
anything to mon':y, remove it from
gold and let that metal stand alone on
its *-intrinsi, value.'--Bowie Head
light.
It is absurd for the gold monomnet
alists to be sending 'a:'lisle's speech
es over the country when sherman's
would do just as well. - St. Louis
Post-Dispatch.
British influence will not be neces
sary to secure an appointment under
the next and Populist administration.
Plain every day Americans will an
swer.--outhern Mercury.
The special session of the Tennes
see legislature has adjourned, having
completed the work for which it was
called-to-wit, the theft of the gover
norship -Kansas City Journal.
The most audacious notion of the
western cranks is that they actually
begin to want some of the proceeds of
their labor, instead of sending it all
east to pay interest. --l'Topeka Advo- I
cate.
Wall street and the present British
government may flatter themselves
that the currency agitation is -"but an
ephemeral phase of popular ignor. I
iance," but the fact remains tiat the
agitation has scarcely begun. Before I
it, is concluded, the goidbugs will be I
considerably agitated themselves.-
San Jose Mercury.
Poor Man.
Mr. Carlisle will not -'lend dignity"
to Mr. Bryan by consenting to a joint
debate with himi Poor Mr. Carlisle:
Poor, wandering ghost of a once hon
ored statesman: poor, fading sputter
ing and soon-to-be-extinguished light,
how could he "lend dignity," possebs
ing none? U'p to 183; the lion. John
G. Carlisle and the lioo. W. J. Bryan
stood squarely together on the money
question. Up to the very hour that
Mr. Carlisle went into Mr. ('leveland's
cabinet he had never uttered a word
or written a line to signify that his
well-known view , on the dilver ques- d
tion had undergone a change. In I
1'90 he had written letters declaring I
his devotion to the free and unlimited
coinage of silver and had written I
them for the express purpose of as- I
suring men with P'opulist tendencies i
that they could get free silver coinage c
in the Democratic party. 'That was
his position when he accepted ofice I
under Mr. Cleveland. Since then- I
but it is a sad and pathetic story. E
Poor Mr. Carlisle'-Memphis Com- I
mercial Appeal. I
That's Ringht.
Old John Sherman, the wiley chief
of the Republican tribe, has made
first-class Republicans out of several
men in Texas who have heretofore I
claimed to be Democrat..-Greenville
Headlight.
Yes, George Clark, Thad Hoal,
George N. Aldredge, A. D. Matlook,
the Dallas ewso; In fact, all of the
Clevelad cuckoo crowd. But these
gentlemen don't believe it
CaEalas A. CvtLmsOa o takes the
oak as a pardon Issuing governor. I
'The Gunmaker of Ilion.
' JEFFE. S,. N M. CLOUGH RE
FUSES A TEMPTING OFFER
FROM ' HE CHINESE
GOVERNMENT.
Sli lleth I a ý,':I Too Poor to A.dmit At.
(Fr 'm thin l r , r t 1 .1. l;tq, 'nion.)
"1 '.' "e i-i, t n _ 1, 1 : nh ;f; tur' r in the
y l'lllt, ,l , .  . l not know Jef
e for'on M. I lat u 1. Ii Jml beei, intimrate
ly a siatc.d ;ii his life with the do
v'.,,inl-nt of thi H" lrnington and
\\in l 'str ril,. Fur .cars he was su
e I' t ;ntenlent (of the E. Iteminkton &
. ,,nu gr·.at fact ,ry at Ilion, N. Y.
Att, r l'.\ving thb.re he refused a tempt
ing ,fl. r of the Chilrn.se government to
go to C'hina to sulp.rintend their gov
c Prnrntnt factori'.'s,- and accepted in
Ssteal tioe sUlp.rintendI.ncy of the WVin
I (h star Arms (,., ntt New Haven, at a
salary of S7.:,"3 a yea.;r.
It was after this long term of active
labor as ia business man that he found
hiimslf incapacitatl, for further service
by tl. enili.rgo whlih rhtmnatism had
laid upon him andi resigned his position
S mar- than two years ago, alnd returned
- to Ilch.rtown, Mass.. wlh:re he now
i\- and ounns the P'helps farm.
I:" ing a mian of means he did not
s Pare the cost and was treated by lead
- Ing phvsiciar.s and by baths of cele
brated springs without receiving any
I benit worth notice. During the sum.
m,,r of 1S9:i and the winter of 1894 Mr.
Cl,(ugh was contined to his house In
r lt e:lchertwn, hting unable to rise from
his bId without assistance, and suffer
ing continually with acute pains and
with no taste or desire for food, nor was
ihe aible to obtain sutliclent sleep.
E::trly in the year 1591 Mr. Clnugh
heard of r. \Willi:ams Pink Pills for
Pale People. lie began taking these
pills at, ut the Iirst of March. 1s34, and
cnti:ued to do so until the first part of
Slt'ltember following. The first effect
njoticed was a better appetite and he
Levan to note more ability to help him
Self off th,: bed and to le better gen
erally. I.ast August (1S94) he was able
to go, alone to his sumnimr residence and
fart of 163 acres on G;renadi.'r island,
among the Thousand islands, in the
l River St. Lawrenc,% where from the
S highest land of his farm he commands a
view for thirteen miles down the ri er,
and sixty of the Thousand islands can
Sbe ' "'Pn.
Sin:st,.ad of being confined to his bed
Mr. ('io gh Is now and has been for
some thim able to be about the farm to
direct the men employed there and he Is
thankful for what Dr. Williams Pink
Pills have done for him.
These pills are manufactured by the
Dr. \Villiams' Medicine company, Sche
nectady. N. Y., and are sold only in
boxes bearing the firm's trade mark and
Sprapper, at 50 cents a box or six boxes
for $2.50 and are never soli in bulk.
They may be had of all druggists or
direct by mail from Dr. Williams' Medi
- clue company.
Qltts Frank.
A story is told in Washington of a
- ittle girl who belongs to a cabinet
s family. The little girl is as polite a
s little midget as you'll lind anywhere,
and has been as admirably trained.
She went out to luncheon, the other
r day, with her mother at the house of
an old friend of the family. There
was a dish of beautiful jelly on the
table, molded in the form of a pyra
mid, and the little girl looked at it
with longing eyes, far too polite to
ask for it. At length the hostess,
coticing her admiration, asked man
ma's permission to give her some.
It'was a generous helping, and the
little maid ate it all; but after the
first spoonful her look of delight dis
f appeared. When she had finished it,
I "Won't you have some more?" asked
the hostess. "No, thank you," re
sponded the little guest, shyly. "*It
isn't nearly so nice as it looks."
The Champion Killer.
All sorts of champions are now be
fore the public, from egg eaters to
prize fighters. A new championship
belt is now up for the quickest steer
killer. It is reported from Cincno
nati that Andy Emweia of Swift's
works in Chicago became the cham
pion butcher of the United States in
a match at Cummin ville the other
night Emweln and Joseph Paruka
of Cincinnati were the contestants,
and the killing and dressing of a
steer was the work. Each man had
a helper. Emweln won by killing,
skinning and completely dressing his
steer in five minutes and seventeen
seconds. Parsku got through in six
minutes and thirty-three seconds.
The best previous record was 6:42.
Emweln will defend his title against
a1l comers. The champion sausage
stuffer is yet to be announced.
A religious story comes from way
down in Georgia. It seems a Pres
byterlan minister received a visit from
a colored pastor, who wanted counsel.
",Well. sir, it's jest this way," said
he: *l'se done preached myself
plumb out: I'se worked oh election.
sanctification, predestination, till I
couldn't say another word to save
my life." His white brother sug
gested that he should preach a ser
mon, by way of a change, on "T'hou
Shalt Not Steal" for a text. "Well,
boss, dat certainly is a good text; but
I'm mons'ous 'fraid it will produce a
coolness in the congregation."
A Light Gun.
Maxim's cavalry gun, which fires
700 shots a minute, weighs but thirty,
pounds. and can be carried strapped
to a soldier's back. ''te gun he made
for the Sultan of Turkey fires 77.
shots a minute, but it is a ielid piece
on wheels.
To a ?1riety.
The scales used io weighing die
moos are so delicately poised that the
weight of a single eyelash will turn
the biance.