- REE.
Fixty four page Medical Reference Book
for men and women who are afficted with
any form of private disease Ijculiar to their
sex, errors of youtlh. (onfta:iotus diseases.
female tnuhes,c etc. '-edl two ;cent
stamps to pay postage to tl.e leading Spe
cialists and Physicians in this courltrr.
DR. ILAT'IIA\VAY .c ('O., l ': West
('ommerce Street. San Antonio, Texas.
It we talk mtout I hr.-t we will never run
out of something to .aI.
Nerves
and
Blood
Are Inseparably connected. The for
mner depend simply, solely, solidly
upon the latter. If it is pure they ale
properly fed and there is no "nervous
ness." If it is impure they are fed on
refuse andr the horrors of nervous
prostration result. Feed the nerves
on pure blood. Make pure blooC and
keep it pure by taking
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
The One True Blood Purifir.
Hood's Pills Ik.. ' "
- Hobb's
para s
will cure
Kidney
Troubles
and blood troubles, Bright's dis
ease, inlammation of kidneys,
rheumatism g o u t, neuralgia,
backache, headache, sleepless
ness, amla.na, dlzziness, etc., by
curing the kidneys.
1TAK APILL.
Dr. Hobb's
Little Liver Pills
will cure
Stomach Troubles
heartburn, constipation, indiges
tson, flatutnce, bed breath, palpi.
tations, loss of appetite, etc. byy
gently acting on the liver and
bowels. Purely vegetable and the
only liver pills that don't gripe.
" l w11 u .I
HOBB'S MEDICINE CO.,
Chicago. San Francisco.
PINEOLA COUGH BALSAM
i excelent for all throat LnfammatLons and for
asthma. Coosumpn.
derive benet from
its use, as it quiclyk
abats the congh,
renders expectors.
tison easy, ssting
astrs in restoring
wasted tissues.
i a .eaIntageotbosewbo
suppose their cases t
to be consumption
who are only suffer
'. Ing from a cehronle
osid or deep ieaed eo , often a vated by
arrb. aor h ua e ty'a O asm. Both
reweimart pklle atto use. Cresa Balm SOe. per
,eW; Peol Balsam. Nt"t DafUiats. In oeaa
1 .es of $sL wiN deliver on receipt of amount.
ELY BROTHERS, s6 warren 8t., New York.
Isunquestionablyamost
valuable FOODl) sick
room, where either little
one or adult needs dell
catc, nourlshing diet lli
eY 5, DOUISTS EVlIRWUIBRE I!
t Ses New Yasir.t
KER
o__posoo
. r .
ti
in W
a5 -' -4
ok AMERICAN TURQUOISES.
th One Gem Which ASes Ago Was Mined
r by the Aztees.
yt Although the United States cannot'
e- claim to be considered one of the'
Y. great gem-producing countries of the
Sworld, almost every known variety of
n precious stone has been found within its
limits. Few gems, however, are com
Tmon enough to be of decided commer
cial importance and systematic mining
is rarely carried on. The only exception
to this is afforded by the turquoise. The
last edition to the "Mineral Resource
of the United States," gives the value of
the rough gems of all kinds produced
here during 1S93, as amounting to $264.
r- 1)41-of which $143,136 goes to the credit
ly of the turquoise mines.
o Almost all of the American turquoise
come from Santa Fe County, New Mex
a ico. or Mohave county, Arizona.
is
.ý As in Persia, the turquoise, both in
d New Mexico and Arizona. occurs in
veins permeating volcanic rocks, a yel
lowish brown trachyte being the com
monest matrix. The Pueblo Indians
lind them an easy way of making
money, as they can be obtained with lit
tie trouble, and, after being sulhj't ted
to rough grinding, can be readily sold
to travellers. Formerly, when the In
I dian was more unsophisticated, choice
stones could be obtained from them at
,the outlay of a few cents, but of lare
years the sellers have begun to realizs
the value of their goods, and now frw
real bargains can be secured.
The ancient inhabitants of Mexico
mined the turquoise extensively, an-l
the invading Spaniards found it large
ly used to incrust human skulls. and
also to inlay mosaics and to d'ecorate
obsidian ornaments. Traces of the o!,l
mines can be found to this day. :lnd
rubbish heaps ate common in the tur
quolse district. In the Arizona mi'e,
they tell how, on a tunnel being rmi
through a turquoise deposit, the miners
came across the remains of a molre
ancient tunnel, its top and sides rest
and caved in as if by an earthquake,
while in a small space, three or four
feet each way, was the skeleton of the
unfortunate Aztec, who had been imt
'prisoned there by the falling in of the
roof. In one hand the skeleton still
iclutched the handle of his old minl
hammer, and at his side was a leath, r
ibag containing, as the dis cover. r
found, several choice stones. It out':
'shows that in the old days mn n would
take as big risks in search of trasrl' Ir
'as they will now.
Another tale of turquoise drifts up
from Yucatan. It tells of an idol in an
ancient temple around whose neck,
arms and ankles are hung strings of
4 magnificent turquoises,. while each of
its eyes is a singe large stone. The
or narrator, a Mexican minor. claimed
that these eye stones were about three
inches in their largest diameter. There
h, is something in this story irresistibli
- susgestive of Rider Haggard's idols.
rVAGARIES OF SMOKERS.
a Quoer Tastes and Fads of Men Who
Rnow What They Want.
IC "It's a queer fact," said a Broadway
cigar-dealer to a New York World re
porter, "how tastes differ in the matter
of smoking materials. I really believe
no smoker enjoys trying a new brand
of tobacco and that solid contentment'
is only secured when the smoker has
become thoroughly used to some partic
ular brand.
"One of my customers, a wealthy
man, who buys a large quantity of
high-grade cigars, always smokes sto
gies himself and carries a supply in his
pocket for emergency. I have seen him
when treated to a genuine perfecto sly
ly slip it into his pocket and light one
of his stogies. Another man, who
can only afford a small sum for his
tobacco, smokes but one cigar a day,
and that a choice one. He declares
that no other kind will satisfy him,
and that one good smoke after dinner
is worth six cheap cigars spread over
the day. "Some cigarette smok
ers, who can afford to buy
the best, always ask for a par
ticular brand of five-cent vari
ety, and will take no others. One cus- I
tomer insists tInhat I send to Texas for
a special five-cent cigar that is made
in Fort Worth. He has tried about ev
erything in my stock, but can't find
anything that pleases him. He lived
for several months in Texas' and got
so aused to the particular flavoring used
in that cigar that he is almost as bad
as a morphine fiend when the supply
has given out. Of course there is a
great variety of tobacco grown and this
gives much choice for individual tastes,
but the fact remains that a smoker will
see so great a difference between dif
> ferently shaped cigars made from the t
same leaf that one is delightful and t
the other distasteful to him. Some
man want a box of cigarettes and ten f
minutes' talk for five cents. We have f
men who squeese and pinch every cigar
In the case before selecting a 'two-fer' I
and then the women-but it would take
too long to tell you how they buy cigar- t
ettes. Women are far worse htan men t
Sin the variety of their smoking va- 3
sewth . the Almnaum ladestry.
The growth of the alaminum indus- '
try, sad presulmably of its use, Is
aown by the tfact that the total output
a the sbstance has LUineremsed from
Speunds nb 186, worth at the fac
r 7S P56, to 6SlW0 pounds in 1894,
Woth P183rI. The eat has boeen re
s duud tn nearly $1 a pound to less
Stlha e8lat a pond. lltherto Pitta
I ry has had uetlially a monopoly of
the lamty, but tim establishmet of
an alhminm plant soar Ngr PFalls.
. h w Ull *tDln the new eletrical
deleopo t thur, will materially
A is abeet to bgim
.- q st a yeng man his
ai mtlhS Mhn a q that was
a~ e dl k mavkow~e--Latest U. & Goo't Ra.rt
t Baking
ii Powder
A3~OIulTE Y PURE
1 --- l
In -
' What Coaee Will I o.
A Nebraska woman had a case of
delirium tremens from the abuse of
coffee. For many years she has been
addicted to the use of very strong cof
t fee in excessive quantities, frequently
taking as many as a dozen cups at a
e meal Her nervous system has suf
fared seriously as a result, and on
several occassions she has attempted
n to break oft the habit. but without
n success. A few days ago she resolved
to make a last desperato effort, and
'I- for a time managed to get along with
,!out touching the seductive beverage.
1'At the enu of the second day,however.
- her nerves were in a state of almost
1I complete collapse and a few hours later
I an attack of what closely resembled
- delirium tremens set in. The physi
! cian called was at first deceived by
ii the symptoms, but when the nature
p! of the case was explained to him he
, said the disease was undoubtedly
w caused by the sudden breaking off of
the habit.
I;uIIdling Up J.1"rusIJR In.
1 Flour milling has become an impor
tant industry in Jerusalem. The
!' product is disposed of entirely for in
'e land consumption, none being expor
I ted. Duriug 1bS4 between 2,00V0 and
l1 30,000 sacks, of 1:1 pounds each.
- were produced. The wheat is ob
tained from the Jordan valley and Sa
i maria. There are also in Jerusalem
I eleven mills driven by horse-power.
e In Jaffa are ten steam mills, but only
t' a very small quantity of flour is im
ported into Palestine, and that only of
i the finest sort. The restoration and
a upbuilding of Jerusalem will be done i
strictly on business principles.
P'lenty of Teeth.
Miss Maud Evans, a 19-yoa,-old
r girl of Beaver Falls, Pa., has her 1
third set of natural teeth, it is said,
though the third set can hardly be
called natural.
Old Lot Active.
P1 Senator Morrill of Vermont, "the
father of the senate," is now 85 years
t of age, and has always eschewed stim- 1
ulants, worry and late hours when
f possible.
1 The devil is generally the gainer when
.e the preacher gets an easy place.
God's fire in the heart soon melts all the
lead in the feet.
Find a man who has never ridden a
hobby and you will find one who has never
been a boy.
Like a Venomous Serpent
Ridden in the grass, malaria but waits our
y approach, to spring at and fasten its fangs
upon us. There is, however, a certain
antidote to its venom wtich renders it power.
less for evil. Hostetter's Stomach Bitters is
this acknowleged and world-famed specific.
and it is. besides this, a thorough curative for
rheumatism, dyspepsta, liver complaint, con
stipation, Is grippe and nervousness. In con
valescence and age it is very serviceable
A wrong desire overcome,is a temptation
tesisted.
I use Piso's Cure for Consumption both
in my family and practice.-Dr. G. W.
Parrasox, Inkster, Mlch., Nov. 5, 1894.
Whoever takes Christ for a toplo 4111l
soon have him for a guest.
e rcum n' Mngleo Qor U.vo.U
w arssassi e tre or money rsfsas. As rao
Wrong principles are as wrong in politics
as they are in religion.
If Troubled With lore gyes
Jackson's Indian Eye Salve will positvely
r cure them. 250o at all drug stores.
A bad man most hates the things that
would do him most good.
- It thie asby is oat/ing Teeth.
. msm saudm ste astold and well-tris rasedy, am.
r Wme os sooraio Sror for chldre Tusethis.
Christians get along faster when they
travel in pairs.
mearea. TrtUseoasd O ltr bottle freeg
UIma Smad toeDr. Kle5 £archsL $kn.a,1s
The better we know the Bible the better
God can talk to us.
Deware o Ointments fee Catsrrh That
Contain Mercury,
As mercury will surely destroy the
sense of smell and completely derange
the whole system when entering it E
through the mucous surfaces. Such ar
ticles should never be used except on
prescriptilons from reputable phys -
clans, as the damage they will do is test
fold to the good you can possibly derlv by
from them. Hall's Catarrh Cure, manu- I
faotured by F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo,
0., contains no mercury, and is taken
internally, acting directly upon the
blood and mucous surfaces of the sys
tem. In buying Hall's Catarrh Cure, be
sure you get the genuine. It Is taken in
ternally, and made in Toledo, Ohio, by
P. J. Cheney & Co. Testimonials tree.
Sold by druggists; price, 75c per bot
tlie. Hall's Family Pills, 250.
It takes a man who carries God's mes- I
sage a long time to get tired.
AYER'S SARSAPARILLA
" y sister was alicted i "AmZlicted for sevep years,
with a severe case of scrof- with what appeared to be a
la. Our dector recommended cancer in the face, other
Ayer's Sarsaparilla as being CUred treatment being of no benefit,
the best blood-purlfier within I tried Ayer's Sarsaparilla.
his experiene. We gave her these The result is that in ee year,
this medielae, sad a completo all trace of cancer has been
cure was the rest."-W . t removed."- Mrs. Jour B.
0. Isras, Dewsese, Neb. Rzvas, Mnaohester, N. H.
IT WILL CURE YOU TOO.
About a stand, (0?.
Chinese rainmakers dress a dog in
comio attire and carry it through the
streets, in the belief that the laughter
excited will cause a pleasant frame of
mind among the gods and induce
them to send adrought. TieChinese
claim that their rainmakers are as
successful as the American and far
less expensive.
The Value of Trees.
How many farmers and others, too,
whose places are destitute of fruit and
shade trees. Again, how many rented
places are devoid of trees of all kinds.
Has the land-owner ever stopped to
consider that a small orchard, a few
yard trees around every tenement
house will greatly enhance the value,
attract and hold a better class of ten
ants, make life more enjoyable and
that too at practically no cost? We tell
you there is a great dea' of selfishness
when we look abroad and see how
stingy and selfish many are with their
tenants, and oftentimes perchance some
good farmer rents his farm and moves
away and is so selfish as to reserve all,
yes, all the fruit produlced.denying even
this to his tenant. Land-owners owe
their tenants and the public general:y,a
duty by planting at least a moderate
quantity of tree3. This is a wise pub
lic policy.-Ornamental Tree Growing.
Everything (tud gives us to do needs to
he done.
The more one uses l'arker's Ginger Tonic
themore Itagood quahties are reevea!el dispelltn=
Wold, tndlS4StLuu, pain ndt every It4wL ut weaoklues.
Wisdom can hve on what tools trample
under toot.
Walking would often be a pleasure
were it not fvr tho curns. These pees are easily re
moved wtA kllndtercvurs. 1 n.t t arugsta.
It i-n't the i.i;,e-t burn that makes the
test musi.
80RENESS, STJACOBS OIL
STIFFNESS, WPES OUT
sad the like, ' Paptly and Effooleal
rT -
Y3VTH'
COMPANITON
"se Times a Year."
THERE are few famous writers in Great Britain or the United States
who have not already contributed to The Youth's Companion, but
some illustrious recruits have been found, who, collaborating with
the old favorites, will enable its editors to make the paper notably
brilliant during the coming year.
Statesmen, poets, famous scient.ts and travellers, eminent lawyers
and delightful story-writers will provide entertainment and instruction
Remarkable Offer ! for our friends and subscribers in a richer measure than ever before.
. Free to Jan. z, 1896. Our Distinguished Contributors.
New Subscribers who will cut out this The Princess Louise. The Dean of Salisbury.
coupon and send It AT ONCE with name
and address, and sz.5, win receive The Marquis of Lorne. Bishop Cleveland Coxe.
PREE The Lord Chief Justice of England. Bishop Doane.
Our handsome 4-page Calendar, Utio- Sir Benjamin Ward Richardson. Sir Edwin Arnold.
graphed is color.. 'etaia price S. The Secretary of the U. S. Navy. Camille Flammarion.
FREE The Secretary of the Interior. Justin McCarthy.
The Youth' Companion evey week tin The Secretary of Agriculture. Admiral Stevens.
auary , . Judge Oliver Wendell Holmes. Admiral Markham.
T REn n W. H. Russell of The London Times. Admiral Elliot.
The Thanksgiving, Christmas and New
Year's Dobe ambern. Frank R. Stockton. Charles Dickens.
And The Companion W. Clark Russell. Archibald Forbes.
ss week General Nelson A. Miles. F. D. Millet.
A lran Yea to Januuar, s9eS. Hon. Thomas B. Reed. Andrew Carnegie.
And More Than One Hundred Others.
THE YOUTH'S COMPANION, 2oz Columbus Ave., Boston, Mass.
Seed ck. Ps-.f01M or Expres Order, or s ed Leg tr at Our lRk.
DROPSY
TREATED FREE
PoeitivelO Cure6 with Vegetable Remedle
I Have oured tbouuands of car-e-. Cure cases pro
nouncd hopeler by bet phisyetaus. Fross fret due
symptoms disappear; in ten days at least two-thirds
all symetoms removed. Bend for tree book testimo
atas of maraeulous curs-'. Ten day's tratmeat free
by matl. If you order trial send 100 Ia stamps to pay
pot..Du. If. H. Glue~ & Bross, Athsata, Ga. 11
you ords" trial strsr this adv'tiesmemS to Uss
Patents. Trade-Marks,
bvet. itsTnd for Iy"uetore' Geide M IorHow to Ge
." .SHEET MUS1C
b r ran *~d CroaltF.
An unlucky Italian deaf mute was
sent to jail the other day on account
of his infirmity on the charge of dis
orderly conduct. lie could not talk.
so he made signs w hich his neighbors
declared were offensive. so they had
him arrested.
Corbin. Ky., hlt gone dry, after a
sharp content. 'In ings begin to look
gloomy for the li uor interests when
Kentucky goes back on rye.
KNOWLEDGE
Brin s ,lnfort and improvement and
tends to piersonal enjoyment when
rightly utd. The nimy, who live bet
t r than others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, oy more promptly
ndaptiný the worldt's best products to
the nee:ls of ohhvyica. being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
rennv, Sy'rup of Figs.
It edxcellence is due to its presenting
in the form most acceptable and pleas.
ant to the taste, the rf reshing and truly
beneficial prolnrtit s of a perfect lax
ative: elt"tuaally cleainsing the system,
dispellilng colds, headaches and fevers
and permanently curing constipation.
It has given satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medical
profession, becaues it acts on the Kid
neys, Liver and Bowels without weak
ening them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
svrup of Fieu is for sale by all drug
gists in 50c andl $1 bottles, but it is man
,factured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
packacg, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
and being well informed, you will not
accept any substitute if offered.
_________
IAbove
( All
Others
There is no soap in the
world that stands so high
in the opinion of thought
ful women as
CLAIRETTE
~S ASOAP.
Por washag lodthes or doing hosework, It can't be
equalled. Try it. So everywhere. ad aonly by
The N. K. Falrbank Cempany, - St. Leols.
ag-e A46010 RsX m . .
When lt
Need of
a o IRON FRONT
of superior workman
ship and design.
J J
or MACHINERY REPAIRS
... OF ANY CHARACTER...
AD)DRES
Mosher foundry and Machine Co.
DALLAS, TEXAS, va, mneution
We furn:ah everyth,; ,. ,r.e to,1 with our
Ine of butnLn s ..............
GUN THE OLD HOUSE
GLNB. 1821hU S
B stablis.th d. 1* I
t'olt-Parker. at,- i I mta.c-. OU nr 9 r11 ' omplet,
Top snP. r-t in ! rl m rl.. .s , I ,t n r!l htot
:arl In; uot.her ugtr. C ..2 t I. L, Ida. iend 6 ort.
,: tut fur l tIIu ai ,, c:,t1 , 0 i.u, ;,c I o.,"onnJ l n| list.
A I.,t i'Jit Ren" wr.; r, X i' .t, ,'.. n,."1;, :: c V trldy e,
WILLIAM RElAD & SOUNS,
10r iViilnlogton Strrreet, Inosto.
$ 6 0 )l . t' f .. '. ""I.
D lls n - Un tti- tnt.,a . -la'or womas n
1'"rmalnler. t I.,1,t1 1n fr bulLabl@
;"rron. W ltr.t for thre l,,-"ri.n :,t un -,'.
W. A. BRUCE * CO., 258 S'way, New York.
EMERSON, TALCOTT & CO. W ,,o,-,. '":
Stm dard Cultivators, w==ons. Rtover
Abbott Bul/lets.
PLANTERS, MOWERS, Standard Plky
Dalla.-, Texas. Plows
W N U DALLAS. 43-95
When Answering Advertisements Kindly
Mention this Paper.