LOUISIANA POPULIST.h
FRIDAY, January 2W, 15197.
Chlurel Serv4ices.
Serviers at the Melthodist c'hrcu'h dve
ry First and TIhir: Sunday at 11 a. n.. iit
and 7:30 p. m., hy the l'astor. H. W.
Riekev. ver v eeting every WIeVdnes- .
day night at 7:30 p. it. th
BAPTIrrT-M. . 'Weaver, plastd. e'g- '
inlar serviees, seR oneld anl d fourtlh Suinniuays.,
11 a in.. atnd S. le. li : Snu1ld y vhool, 10 t
a. In.; Prayer nmeting, Wednesday, 8 p.
iu. All invited.
Lodges. ea
ft
Phbmix Imodr No. 3,. F. A. & A. .
7 T. Gnllien W. l.:.I. (. Tri.heljr.. See.
Meets first and third WeV.dudesdalys, at 7 tl1
p.m , ft
Castle Hall No. $9. Knights of Pythinsl:
-J. E. Breda. C. ('.: Adolph L'lleri.sno.
K. of R. 8. Meets bseeond and fourth e
Thursdays, at s8 ,. Ill.
Mr. W. II. Russell of Henry- el
ville, was in town Monday on 1hu
siness, and paid us an appreciate' f
call,
Ladies Free.
Any lady aclomlpalni('d by a lady
or gentleman holding one paid~i re
served seat ticket, will he, givell
one reserved seat free of charge,
to see Hoyt's Comedy Co. in "A
Woman's Revenge,' next Monday
night.
One of the ,oest entertainments fl
of the season was given at the ,
Opera House on Thursday, Fri- in
day and Saturday evenings, by the N
Krause Comedy Co. The music lii
was excellent and drew good A
crowds, who expressed themselves Il
as highly pleased,
The coldest weather of the sea
son visited us from Monday night
to Thursday afternoon, (luring tl
which time the ground was well s
covered.with sleet and ice. d:
Don't fail to see Hazel Harrison !U
in "A Woman's Revenge," next S
Monday night at the Opera House. nI
We are busy printing the brief a
in the c ise of Jones vs. Freeman, b
now in the Supreme Court, and s
hope our readers will pardon what
ever shortcomings n;ay appear in e
the paper. h
loyt's Comedy Co., and Hazel
Harrison, all next week at the ,
Opera House, in new and popular f
plays. Prices 25, 33 :and O5. cents. lh
Seats on siale at Trichbl Drug
Store.
Messrs. Jno. H. Morse and W.
J. Cole, two of ward ten's valuna
ble citizens, have moved into Rap- ii
ides parish, near Hemphill.
The 8tate relief for wards 2, 3
and 4, has arrived --the bacon, ij
and 1 car of corn at Grand Ecore, s
and 5 ears of corn here. The par- '
ish relief for the other wards has
arrivedt at Robeline, and is being
distributed.
"Hoyt's Comedy Company play
Sed 'Danger's of a Great City' last
night, to a house crowded to the 1
doors, in a manner that fully sus
tained the reputation they had al
ready made for excellent work. 1
Miss Hazel Harrison in the Irish (
comedy part, "Norn Clover," con
vulsed the audience continually,
and demonstrated her remarkable
vernality. The entire company 1
gave capable support.-Little
Rock Gazette. Here entire week
of Feb. 1st.
Mr. J. B. Houston of George
town, Tex., dealer in thorough
bred horses, was in otar city the
past week with some fine stock
the remnants of a car load dis
posed of in this and adjoining par
The Opera House will be open
every night next week, with Hoyt's
Comedy Co., in new and popular
plays s the attraction. On Mon
day night thelive act society drama,
"A Woman's Revenge" will be
presented, with Miss Hazel Har
rieon in the leadin2 role, and the
e-attire company in the cast. The
• pla. isaid to he intensely dras
Smati r .eplete and strong situations,
t: h ig s clim es and re6ned up
tdte e apmedy idea. For ihis
pe rfornnae only ladies will be ad.
sltted fre, if aoooampmnied by an
Sese with a paid rerval tseat
isle an tsle Triohel Druw
The Freeman relief committee s,
has ordere.l illu to date 21; cars of
corn to be, distribu)ted as follows: C
c; for Marthaville, 2 for Rlobeline,.
5 for Provencal, I for 1)erry, and s
12 for ('ypress. None of this a
corn has yet arrivedl, though the I
first order was madel over 1., days '
a ro. The reason for this delalv is f'
that the corn was bought Iy- the
AMillaaps colnmmittee where it could tl
he had the ch(eapest, andl illn Imy Ii
instances, had not been shelleld.
while the trrce (orn was ord(r,(l ,y ",
I our local relief conimttee direct tl
from the ,levators in Kansas city, a
the 3Mllsal s comn :nittee paying for 1
that part which the State was to tl
furnish. 1
This corn cost 22} cents a bush -i
el, but the free freight, obtained p
by our local committee. makes it 1)
cheapert tiha tho corn ordered by
Miilsaps, o0, which part of the
freight has to Ie paid. i
The recclt .now oand fteze will i1
not hasten the s!hpments of corn, '
we feaºr, anw it may be another
week or In clays before it arrives.
... . r
.A APPEAL d
To the Populists of the c
United States.
We are to obe congratulated upon a
the growth of our party and the
fact that in the recent election s
nearly half the voters of the IUnion 1t
indorsed much of our platform. lI
No party ever achieved more hril- tl
liant succes" in so brief a time.
Although hlandicapped in late F
late crtnpaign, we emerge r
from the contest stronger than
ever. Our party alone has a
voting force larger than that which C
elected Lincoln and lon able, effec- r
tice reform press of nearly two
thousand paperc. We elected ;
several governors as well pr, hun
dreds of other State, county, and
town officials. W\d hold the ,il- -
ance of power in the United States t
Senate and have four times as
many congressmen as ever before.
We united with thi, silver for
ces in the recent eampaiga.,-not s
b)ecause we believe freet' coinage of f
silver is the solution of the finan- e
cial problem, but because it would e
better existing conditions, woull (
meet with the least resistance aid s
become 1te enc!ring wedge of our c
main issue, viz., ftull legal tender (
paper money, issued and regula- I
ted byi the government alone.
Having proved our loyalty at the
polls, we are free to act separate
lv on advanced lines and to em
ihasize the real issues our party
was born to advocite. We cannot
in honor lay dclown our arms and
cease our activity until the war
for which we enlisted has endled
in victory for our cause.
The democratic party proposes
to contine the silver fight.. TIwo
parties eanno, exist on the same
issue. The greater absorbs the
smaller. Therefore, if weremain
mere camp followers of another
party, disintegration will result.
Our party success alone forced the
democrats to adopt the Chicago
platform and nominate a popocrat
for President. Converts made by
party regularity cannot ble trusted
with the reformns of the future.
DEMOCRATS TRIED TO ABSORB POP
ULIST8.
While chairman of the Chicago
branch of our executive committee
during the camnpaign, my contact
with the chairman of the demo
cratic State committees revealed
to me the fact that in many cases
Bthey were more anxious to elect
Stheir State tickets and absorb the
Spopulists than they were for the
k success of Bryan and the Chicago
platform, but this does not apply
to the chairman and officers of the
National Committe.
We are not democrats and can
not be classed as such. We simp
e ly united for a smigle campaign.
- The democratic party is but the
i. rear guard of our own. We do
not stand for redemption money,
but for a scientifice dollar, kept
invariable by proper regulation of
Sthe money volume. Then why
should a high school graduate
re-enter the intermediate grade.
r Our grandest achievements are in
1 the future, if we inspire the peo
p, ple through separate party action
Swith our chief issues, and hold
our fortes together by taking the
Slead which belongs to us in press
e ing to nsuccess the reforms of the
a- he millions of convts to sil
s, ver during the recent campaig9n
p- mustadvanoe. They will not re
is main where they are. We must
* educate them up to the main issue,
in and the time todo it is now, not
at just before a Presidential election.
a. We must also hold the democratic
a party to its present position or
arcompel it to advnde.
History teaches that to ac.hieve
conservative ivtisults, a radical p)O
sition lmutt he taken, The sulb
stitution of our main plank for a
sulhor(linate (ne, ars the fighting is
sue of the next four years, is in
line with the best sentiment of our
party and requires no change of !,
front, no abandonment of princi
pile, no new platform. The maini
army merely moves up to occupyi
the position held by the skirmish
line.
President Cleveland supplies us
with fresh incentive for renewed
etfort, in his official demandi for
the retirement of the greenbacks
and the issue and control of paper
money (except coin certificates) by
the banks. senator Quay says
this should he made an issue by
the republlicans, and ad(vocates the
substitution of United States notes,
playabl, in gold, for the green
backs.
Hlere we have a living issue
with both wings of the gold for
ces, which Irings our main question
to the front--Shill the paper
money of the conutry be issue(d
and regulated by the people or by
the banks? This will precipitate
at hot debate in Congress that will
focus public attention upon the
relative merits of scientific and re
demption money, which will be
come the absorbing question of the
flay, just as the silver movement
followed the silver debate a year
ago, and will afford our sentinels
in congress an opportunity to
measure the true attitude of the
silver, democratic and republican  
leaders, on an issue vital to our I
party and th' welfare of the coun
try, and to (eternine to what ex
tent our recent allies can he de
pended upon.
Again, the fact that the rail
road, telegraph, and telephone
companies became the willing tools
cf a canpaitgn committee In the
recent election furnishes us witsl
another striking argument for the
government ownership of these
great monopolies. We are not a
free people so long as they can be
utilized for campaign purposes in
the interest of trusts uand combines.
The proposed retirement of the
greenbacks and the dliscussion of
the Pacific Radroad question will
bring before Congress the two
strongest measures of our plat
form; and whatever issue the oth
er parties may adopt, the logic of
events will so force upon both
Congress and the people the con
sideration of these measures as to
overshadow all others, and win to
out ranks thousands of voters
from both the republican and dem
ocratic parties.
I,IVTNG ISSUES FOR THE PEOPLE.
These are liv;ng issues upon
which we shall grow. The urgent
necessity for teemn will appeal to
the people), gromaning under the
weight of "McKinley prosperity,"
"restored confidence," and the en
forced idleness andl extreme pover
ty attending them. They appeal
with equal force to the business
man, coerced by the banks ; to the
wake earner, the helpless victlm of
Icorporations; and to the farmer,
cursed with mortgages andl extor
tionate freight rates. They are
issues free from the charge of
mercenary motives, to enrich a
Sportion of our constituency.
r Let us act with patriotism~, cour
I age, and sagacity. Let us lose no
time. If any lack incentive, it
will be found in the intense suffer
ing and in the increasing arrogance,
lawlessness, and heartlessness of
the trusts and monopolies. Against
Stheir power we put principle;
t against their money we match man
hood, and urge all populists to
i continue this contest during the
8 next four years and then hold an
t early national convention, to strike
the keynote of the next Presiden
Stial campaign, or, if desirable, es
Stablish an honorable alliance on
Y leading issues.
e I also suggest that a nationl con
ference of party leaders and work
ers be held as soon as practicable,
-that we may have a full and free
expression of opinion regarding
Sour future work. We hope, there
'for, that the reform press will give
Sthe fullest possible expression of
t their views on this important sub
f ject; and our friends are invited
V to write me or our national chair
e man, expressing their ideas on the
independent party action herein
n proposed.
Shall we march to victory un
n der our own banner, or continue
das straglers under another
SGEORGE F. WASHIIBURN,
I- Member People's Party National
6 Ex. Committee.,
Jan. 11, 18.91, BosToN, MAss.
a Notice,
-I WArT every man andwomanin the
t United States interested in the Opium
and Whisky habits to have one of my
' books on these diseases. Address B.
M. Woolley, Atlanta, Ga., Box 882, and
-i one will be sent you free.
r Bead the POPULIST, and send
us your JOB WORK.
The Big Store Still Before You.
The cold wave has come to stay now, so you had better lprepare yourselves,
we have the goods, such as Flannels, Comforts and Blankets, and every thing
in keeping'with the cold weather. Here areca few of our prices:
10-4 Ilankets, fci). per pair, worth )1(). We have !5;, pair Men's all wool pants, which
Large Comforts, were 81 25, now 85c, sold for S2 :5, and are now 81 95.
3s inch Flannel. all colorb, was 40c. now 25c. A11 our )3 00 Men', Pants to go at $2 10.
IIeav twilled RIcl, (iray and Blue Flannel, wa. All our aI 5o Men's~ Pants, to go at $315.
25e. per var'l, now\ 15c. Men's heavy ,ill iool suits, were $7 50,':Yto go at
Genuine Hanilton Brown Ladies and M 1n's 52 0 84 `94,.
Shoes, for one week to or at $1 40 per pair. IMen's Fine ults,'w'ere,,12.00. to go'at $8 00.
Yours to Please,
SIMON BROS., Washington Street.
--" "r -- -- ---" --i - - ---  --- T "-- -.I.--  - t" '--   --.- -'-- -,- -
S AVE senctor our new 18ls Cat.
- . . r -  --aI slogue, illustrated in colorse
M NE Y. coniniufi full descriptions of
all our ianoo sad Organs,
I Ig I l InEMEMBER we are the only
firm of actual manufacturers *
selling exclusively to the general public direct, at factor, cost-the only firm where you set the
heal Exact Value for your money. There are no A ents', Dealers' or liddlemen'., profitS
added. igPCASH or on EAST PAYMENTS,.
io0 to seit your clrcumstances. I au annd reana mpped on thirty .ys' trial in
your own home under our spccial warrant for twenty-five yeare. No money re
quod ird in advance. ,federliner, to pur- chaser guaranteed.
Mi6 I !TEFL- 'thCES-Our bank r TERI: No Satsfactioi. WoP . FROM
any hbnk the edior of thin paper, orany or TER: Sastatloi. Pa
the multttude o° pftrnoswho hbav°Porhoa e , araoth mn, p e ·I ou A.. .l ...
mnlllions ofdollarssurtlhoflinstrumentqfrom l, Ett ,nterser in spline ce of onu l PIA$ O,
us during the pact I5 year e Our new book Ieo c cP Pod I l o oenflG' R N for 0rR
"The Heart. or the People." contailnn a OtOA I of UI noe eot AInt.OAR nt *REsg .
thousaund recent references, ent fre. Don't
fall to welte at once to
_ -. =CORNISH & CO, Plano and Organaxkers Washington, N. J.
D bLOAC H
Variable Friction Feed Saw Mills,
Planers and Matchers,
St, DeLoach Corn and Flour Mills,
Turbine Water Wheels,
"' Hungry Elephant" Ballng Press,
.Engines and Boilers.
MILL MACtHINERYI AND OPARINO OP ALL KINDS&
SA IV REPAIRING
a Specialty.
WORK GUARANTEED.
FRICTPION causes nearly all the trouble in life, and more espcclallv
in machinery. Our VARIABLA FRICTION as applied to
aow Mills and Planers enables the operator to take just
what he needs and no more. Warranted to yield a capacity twenty per
cent . reateo :han the olt style with same power.
97 Saw Mills sold In one monoth proves its wonderful popularity,
and they go to all parts of the world.
The DeLoachr Variable Friction Feed Planer,
Afatcher and Moulder beats them all.
Write at once fo !far-- illustrated catalugue.
DeLarcii Mill Mfg. Co., Atlanta, Ga.
165 Washgton StL, New'- York City, and 11I S. lth St., St. Louis, o.'
-- --  ---- ~an Illl- & -1t --t., St LouII I." il ] [III[ I•m l
ALIT' I ROCi
OuSTON W O
OFFERS TE PUBLIC THE
Best Passenger Service
BETWEEN D
TEXAS
THE EAST
ANDI)
SOUTHTIEAST.
Cannon Bal Train
SHORTENS ONE IOUR IN TIME.
Leaves Fort Worth, 7:03 a min.; Dallas
8:05 a. nm.: Union Depot, 8:15 a. m. Ar
rives St. Louis. 7:25 a. m. next day.
LIMIITD EVENING EXPREBS.
HAS BEEN QUICKIENED
9 HOURS TO ST. LOUIS AND
THE EAST.
4 HOURS TO MEMPHIS.
One Hour to New Orleans.
ONLY TWO DAYS
BETWEEN
Texas and New York.
Pullman Buffet Sleeping Cars to
St. Louis, Chicago, NeW Orleans
and Pacific Coast.
Through day Coaches each way be
tween Fort Worth and Memphis.
For Tickets and further information,
call on or address your nearess ticket
Agent or
.L. 8. EONE, GAMOYN MESLIEL
1 3 Vice-Pres. & Gen. lgr. Gen. Pass. & Tk. Aqt
W. A. DASHI}LL, Tray.
I Passinger Ag't..
DALLAS, TEXAS.
JNo. M.* TUCK.R, President. D. C. SCARBOROUGH, Secretary
Jso. A BARLOW. Treasuirer and General Manager.
GIVANOVICH OIL COMPANY, Limited.
-MANUFACTURERS AND DFAILERS IN ALL KINDS OF-
COTTON SEED PRODUCTS,
NAT CHITOCHE'E, - - LOUIS1ANA
LATEST
REPEATEDr
The ONLY 25 Calibre Repeater on the market.
Made in all lengths and stylcm, regular and TAKE DOWN.
SMondel 1F',5. usirg the .".-40 and s.US-b i the strongest and beut repeater made.
TAKE DOWNS tn dll calibres. Write for catalogue, to
MODEL 1894 ready, THE MARLIN FIRE ARMS CO.,
In . .-20, 44-40 and :5-20. New Haven, Conn.
."e I1ARLIN ixRUST REPELLER to preserve guns and all metal work, 15 oents per tube.
Send fifteen cents in stamps and we will mail you a pack of highest quality plapyl
cards, special designs.
The State NormalSchool,
NATCHITOCHES. LIA.
Maintained by the State fort.he traininq of
Teachers. Affords thorough prepara
tion for the profession of Teaching
Full course of Academic studly, practical training in the art a
Teaching, one year of daily practlce in model schools under
guidance of skilled training-teachcrs.OClass work exI
emplifies the best of modern thought in matter
and method of instruction.
Diploma Entitles Graduates to Teach in any public school of
Louisiana without examination.
Tuition free to Students who teach one yea,
after Graduation.
Entire Expense lor session of eight a1iWths, $119
Twelfth Annual Session begins OCT. 1. 1896.
FoE CATALOGUE WRIt' TO -
B. 0. CALD WELL, President.