Spring
Is thesesson for purifying, leansing, and
renewing. The accumulations of waste
everywhere are being removed. Winter's
icy grasp is broken and on all sides are
indications of nature's returning life,
renewed force, and awakening power.
Spring
Is the time for purifying the blood,
cleansing the system and renewing the
physical powers. Owing to close eon
fnement, diminished perspiration and
tther causes, in the winter, impurities
have not passed out of the system as they
should but have accumulated in the blood.
Spring
Is theref9re the best time to take Hood's
Sarsaparilla, because the system is now
most in need of medicine. That Hood's
Barsaparilla is the beet blood purifier and
Spring medicine is proved by its wonder
ful cures. A course of Hood's Sarsaparilla
now may prevent great suffering later on.
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Is tb Oe as Blood Purier. AlIdruggists. iS.
repardomly by C. . I. ood & Co., Lowell, Mass.
ood's Pills Liver ; easy to
Hood's Pills take easy to operate.250.
TIE KlNQ CURE OVER ALL FOR
11TYM A.T .GUZA,
0C0T -IA v a41
Shootintg Pains in any part of the
body are usually caused by Neuralgia,
which in turn is caused by a low state
of the blood. Purify the blood and
the pains cease. BROWN'S IRON BIT
Trs runfies the blood.
saow CsMaICAL Co.. altimoree, Md.
A WHOLE
CIRCUS
FOR 10 CENTS.
O! paC r ad. with elephant cages, of animals.
r e rformance in a ring, with ring
ý, r Wl btabiwbaoriders, trapine dose and .1.
San as nothete andmi iaere of Hn nDuty.
3 Ways to Get : n l ~ d
Ts Carcu: { ed :, !.@.*
to
8DA r1f Doumf a Toýcco Co., Ddam, N.C.
~a j..C I am nd ýOpostpaid. You will finda 1 o)
BLACKWELL'S GENUINE
DURHAM TOBACCO.
Bay a of this Celebrated Smoking Tobacco, and read the
coupon, ,dv alistof other . abn, tozettban.
.TO SlK PiPLE,
no. , amur thn t lii sis b M -Ma i
NIht r b hoWthr N hi Ezsdmt .WNim .I,
i hmi Ukho e fmrw nY Mmmi Thn ailhTrlt,
, a d im TYur SpiaWmit Flg mitur s, Whu
•ni .as.. orpl,. ..i.r, Ne,,, it
I "-UR&-TI mu--. -- ma m Omtlei, ?, u, nm nrac W
zalm u i ct. Wadt ane t.t D-sspsrt- '-..e.
I1 0as iad h Ab a1A cada -Od
t 6. T s- ,rmeiles ire Tea, . WAite to ThPVs,
Swhsste be yetneI y seait Aar.
" a ..
!IIfdor t w t ced. "...
ft
I Housekeepers.
The army of women who have to
help themselves is far greater than the
army well-flanked with assistants. To
this greater army my talk is directed.
There are two distinct types of house
keepers-ambitious, both of them. The
first (and we have all seen her), keeps
up a continual warfare against dirt and
disorder. So rigid does she become
that in her house one feels depressed
by its austere, gloomy faultlessness.
Painfully precise is the position of every
article in her domain. In a flurried,
snatchy way she entertains. On leav
ing, one feels the housekeeper's valu
able time has been sacrificed by the
intruded visit. How gladly we leave
her to herself and her all-absorbing du
Rti efreshing is the change of at
here when we enter the house of
the woman who is mistress, not ser
vant of her work. Comfort, kindliness
greet the visitor. Cheery plants nod a
welcome, cosy corners in which to rest.
Books and magazines suggest the culti
vation of thought. The broad-minded,
philosophical housewife knows that re
laxation from worries and treadmil
manoeuvers. -Womankin'1.
Poor Things.
"'Anorexia scholastica" is the name
which the eminent English surgeon,
Sir James Crichton Browne, has given
to the excited brain troubles which
afflict those young women in his own
country who "read Lucretius for recre
ation and cannot boil a potato." The
general disturbance may develop,
according to this authority, into mi
graine, epilepsy, insanity or life-long
debility.
There is one thing we have always
admired about pop corn, it keeps its
promise: it pops.
She Was a Little Off.
A San Antonio gentleman arplied to
e life insurance cotnpany for a policy.
On being examined the doctor of the
company asked:
''has thetr, ever been any iusn'~ty
In your family ?'
n"I'm not sure about that. One of
my sisters jilted a man worth a h-lf
million. "-Texas Sifter.
Don't Be Too Late for the Steamer,
And d!n't olnit when you are parking up
your effects pleparatory for the vova,'e. to In
elude aineor, themi a supply of Ilo-tetter's
Stomauch Bitters, the great remedy for s·?
si'kllnevs. Travelers for pleasure or Iuincess
seeking, foreign clines, or who I ,lome ,t by
steamboat or train, tosides ynoh: tnll an-l
mariners, testify to the remedial and pre
ventive etlicacy of the Hlitte:rs. which vs inl on,
I parable for nausea, eadache,d vpepsia. I ious
ness, rheumatism, nervous and kidney troutble.
The Latest.
The latest joke about England claim
ing the discoveries of Prof. Nansen, if
he has made any, gets an additional
point from a new map of the world,re
contly published in good faith by the
London Graplhic. It makes the British
possessions in Canada include all of
north Greenland and reach to the pole.
lirs. P. C. Adams.
Thousands of women, especially in the
spring of the year, are nervous, tired, have
headache, sick stomach, fainting spells,
dizziness, scanty or profuse menses, weak
back, constipation; their sides, shoulders
and limbs ache constantly-in fact, they
suffer from general debility of the whole
system. The superior tonic qualities of
McElree's Wine of Cardui make it the lead
ing remedy for this class of troubles.
Mrs. I'. C. Adams, Chattoogaville, Ga.,
writes: "Two years ago I was taken sick
with indigestion, fainting spells, constipa
tion, falling of the womb, and various
other symptoms, and kept getting worse
and worse. After taking four bottles of
McElree's Wine of Cardui in connection
with Thedford's Black-Draught tea I am
able to do any kind of work that a woman
can do."
1). L. Coker, Calvina, Fla., says: "Mc
Elree's Wine of Cardul has brought rosy
cheeks back to one of my cousins after she
was given up to die by two of the best
physicians.'
Admitted to the Bar.
Mrs. Clara Shortridge Fultz, who
has just been admitted to the practice
of law at the New York bar, is a Cali
fornia woman, and has gone to New
York because she feels that it opens a
broader field of work for a woman than
there is in the west. Her ambition is
to make a reputation as a criminal
lawyer. Mrs. Fultz has practiced law
for ten years in California where she'
gained an enviable reputation as alaw
yer. She was the first woman admit
.ted to the Hastings College of Law, an
adjunct of the University of the State
of California,and then only after a long:
contest befcre the courts. As a stump
speaker she has been heard in the last
five campaigns in California, and in
1892 was the candidate of Peo
ple's party for city and county attor
ney. In presenting Mrs. Foltz for ad
mission before the full bench of the Su-i
preme court the other day, Gen. Tracy
paid high tribute to her ability.
Skin Deep Affection.
The enamored swain who swears he
will wear the picture of his adored
lady over his heart has always, here
tofore, been understood to speak in a
strictly figurative manner. It passed
for poetry, and flattered the girl, and
has been of inestimable value in a
matrimonial way in the world. Now,
however, it is said that poetry has
been translated into fact, and the up
to-date young man, who feels sure of
his affection, is having his best girl's I
picture tattooed above his heart.
Goes aiek.
Mail matter is sent from Paris .
Berlin in thirty-five minutes by pneu
matic tubes. Some day a package will
break and clog up the tube, and then
the director generals will say the mails
have pneumonia.-New Orleans Plea
yune.
Women of fairness are very rare;
they have been so spoilt by flattery.
People dislike to reach the age when
they are old enough to know better.
The wozdd can't help pitying the
whoif of a mn who has long beard.
We efer One MRand re Pollars reward
for any ce o Catarrh that cannot be
d bred by Ma'p f Cure.
F. . CHENY & CO., Toledo, O.
We, the undersigned, have known P.
". Obeyw or the last 5 years, and be
1e1, him perfectly honorable in all
buines tansactlons, aqd Inanclally
to caity out any obllatlons made
*I, rl arm.
WALDING. KINNAN & MARVIN,
Wholesale Druggie T6ledo, Obhie.
sll Catarrh Cure is taken laternal
directly upos the blood and
uqs suraces of the ystem. Testi
monla, sent free. Pries, eo er bottle
bold byl. dru ists.
Country people msay that town people
a- never know what reel trouble Is.
-.eleanse the system in a gentle and
-- - benefal manner, when the
pIImtime eomes, use the true and per
fet remedy, Syraup of Figs. One bottle
will saMww for all the famity and costs
only 5 cents; the large siw $1. Buy
the genuine. Manatuactured by the Cal
tforala FIg Syrup Company only, and
te sale by all druggists.
Why is it that we always believe we I
ea save a little money next month 1
A mrstClass Cdoleg·
The MlUsburg Female College at a
Mt~ bIrg, 1y4 offee supbrior in
doeeeeants to all who have daughters
or wards to educate and desire a pohooli
whe every adrantage cat be had.
lThe location of the school is beautiful,
ti  is au high a any Art
cl·tassele the South. Advanttges
offered to students are many and ar
saecelled. We offer a complete
sholarahip to tnclude tuition, board,
felamiad lights to s aine ambitiouslrlor
ee wi ae particnIe ra afd
CONSUMPTION
L CURED AT LAST,
I he Generous Offer That is Being Made by T.
A. Slocum, of New York City, Amer
if ici's Most Eminent Chemist.
PROGRESS OF MEDICAL SCIENCE.
- Confidehlt of the Value of lls Discoverles,
sHe wri: Send Free, Two Bottles, Upon
Application, to Any Person Suffer
lung from Chest, Lung, and
Pulmonary Affections.
CE lappialling ravages of lung
troubles and consumption in
th:is country, continued from
_- year to year, present a showing
if I 'f,"e which all lovers of hu
l i manity must stand aghast.
l. I.ng troujles lead to consumption;
e los of IIelih, and wasting conditions.
h (Of all the di-eawes which afflict the
human race, consumption is the most
fatal. Its ravages are by no means
confined to, the lungs alone. It attacks,
in fact, a:l:m1st every part of the body.
.La.t ye-ar, aI proven by the oflicial
records at 11ashin;ton, over 263,0U 0
Sdid from consumption in the United
k States -representing an average of
3 5,000 every week, and 700 every day;
a wazto of life that seems incredible.
e More than four-fifths of this number
minght to-day be living, had they but
known wherein restoration lay, and
made tim!y use of the only infallible
k reumedi.s that have thus far been dis
. covertd.
S -locum's remedy is the only one
e who-e results have been practically
! successful.
a lhousands of witnesses could be
a brought for-ward--whose testimony is
a incontrovertible-to prove not only
that the Slocum System of Scientifio
Treatment is wonderfully efficacious in
the cure of throat, chest and lung af
t feetions, all pulmon:try disorders--and
conditions of wasting-but that it
d,,'s cure in cases of well defined and
unmistakable consumption.
o Consumption has, it is now believed,
eat last been conquered, and through
this paper the distinguished chemist
offers his discovery free.
For the purpose of bringing these
remedies to the attention of the public;
8 and making their great merits known,
1 AMr. Slocum now makes a most gener
ous offer that should certainly be taken
advantage of.
IIe will send free two bottles to any
sufferer applying. Simply write ex
press and p'oatoffice address.
This proposition speaks eloquently
indeed of the "good faith" of the great
P chemi t.
t Nothing could be fairer or more
philanthropic.
SThere nill be no mistake in sending
--the mistake will be in overlooking
'.the g'enerous invitation
SufftTerers may addross T. A. Slocum,
M. C., 183 Pearl Street, New York.
When writing the Doctor, please men
tion reading this in this paper ani
greatly oblige, TaH EDrros.
SGood Idea.
It is stated that the South Carolina
cotton mills already absorb four-fifths
I of the state's cotton crop, and that at
the present rate of increase, cotton will
have to be imported in a few years.
.Y$_--A11 itstspped treeby Dr. llae'sOre.s
ere teatonr. io itsau,-r ttleflOtaay'st s
relsuscures Treast seal Sutr:al bttlei. 'tI.
Iii cas. Send seir. Klae q1 Arc&5tL hala.k
The fact is, a great many worthless
people have bad luck.
8urrsaras raox Covoas, Sons TaasoA ete.,
should be constantly supplied with "Brown's
BroncAtab Troches." Avoid imitations.
The sight of a cat effects a boy and
a dog in about the same way.
Scrofula
Is a deep-seated blood disease whkhb
all the mineral mixtures in the world
cannot cure. S.S.S. (guarnsteedParvly
vegelable) is a real blood remedy for I
blood diseases and has no equal.
LMrs. Y.T. Buck, of Delaney, Ark., had
Scrofulal for twenty-five years and most
of the time was under the care of the
doctors who could not relieve her. A
specialist said he (
could cuare her, but
he Alled her with I
arsenic and potash
which almost ruined
her constitution. She
_ then took nearly
medicine and drank
thembythewholesale
they did not reach
her trouble. Some
one advised her totry
S.SS. and she veny
soon fonund that she had a rteal blooc
remedy at last. She says: "After tak
ig one dozen bottles of 8.8.8. I am
perfetly well, my skin is clir
ad healthy and I would not be ain
my former condition for two thousand
dollars. Instead oddrying uptheposou
in mv system, like the potash and
arsenle, 8.8.8. d·e, the disae out
through the skin, and I was perema
natly rid of it"
AR4alBlood Remedy.
8. Y . er fails to.car e
Ucsmas, Rheumatism Coatagios
Poison, or any disorder of the blood.
Do notrely upon a simple tonic to curem
ade eed blood disease, but take s
real blood remedy.
Owr books
fr eeo.osppla
cation 8wilt
t alass
If the Baby I. CaUttSg Teeth
pI mire nrd nso that rold and well-tried remedy. Ma
WutlrL5 os burtWo STare for Children Teething.
It is said that cat lish live to be so
old that moss grows on their backs.
l'ivo' ( Clre for Consumption has saved me
large ductor b:ls.- C. L. Baker. 42= Regens
'q., P'bila'IIhia, Pa., Dec. 8, '95.
i man says lots of pleasant things to
his wife when company is present.
rake Parker's Ginger Tonico home with you.
You will find It to exceed your expectations In
abating colds, and many Ills. aches and weaknesses.
If you do not want to be mysterious
(v murdered, avoid riches.
Pain is not conducive to pleasure,
tpemrially when occasioned by corns. IlIndercores
wia please you. for It removes them perfectly.
There is a time in everyone's lifo
when he can expect satisfaction.
Free to "Comrades."
The latest photograph of the lion. I.
N. Walker, commander-in-chief of the
Grand Army of the Republic. Write
to F. II. Lord, Quincy Building,
Chicago, and you will receive one free.
Every man wants it understood that
he is very lymtpathetic.
. ----
d ood tFr 5
a t J m h"B tteA "4yoJ
0 r
I,
51 ounces for 10 cents. You
may have "money to burn," but even
SI of good tobacco. For 5 cents you get
almnost as much "Battle Ax" as you
doof other hih grades for 0 cents.
_teoDo pemieD O IIONl ta Teol P2asn
ndrh mre owe falto urn flouJ ve taken merry
of o nd to a go .r a he s~ches sad painy.og
almos the as In muc h t mo"tat Bere T"sryou
dlmgoof Cother higor rtaes foIeer 1 ts. boy.
Wy*pows underg e I it iss POIm t0 t we guarsftee to
oure. We solictr the most obstlate lA y eases and callege
I e orld for a ease we aiot vVCUE i rTna eare. This disease
I halways baed the skill o the as elasetl physLelame. 0U,0 eapital
behind our unoonditoal guaranty. Abselate protb sent sealed on aplatestlbn.
eAddress , REmED co., L0*0K REMEDY G O.
1S Raseonle Temple, CHICAGO. ILL gUn VUKa e
CINCO-CAPG.I-"
."", ..TOBACCO HABIT,
Sa e to IS days, or memoy re
fanded. CIWCO.CAPCI Is the only
Sombtaatlea of pure eoeouUtrated drys whieh is a true aUtd for the pisens retained in
the system hfrom the use of TOBACCO. It leaves the patieat in better health than before takin.
I and is absltely free from any Injurious efects. CINCO-CAPCI Is easy and pleasant to take.
It allows the patient toee all the Tobaeeo he wants while under treatment The esravlag
and "bakerag will disappear as i by magic. Thoeasnde tbhreagous shIe breoad
land bless the day they heard of CINCO.CAPCI. Do you moko or ehew Tebaeeol
you n flnd it difcult or Impossible to stop? CHIOCOCAPCI eares egae sad pipe
meblag, heowing and smur talkag, and also the deadly cllgarette habit Medicine
In tablet form. easily carried in the pocket. ONWE TuLW CURES. PRICE, flC 3
Address SEABUIY a CO., at Chicago, IlL, oar Boste, Mass.
Bicycle Economy
Before thying a cyde mid to be "jut as
good as a Columbia" It is well to omapie the
.i. at wtich thr mahins aidl eJand- A nd
seoodr-had prioe d Columis as dten
equals or ezceeds the NEW prkie d the "huet-asgood.
If you look a year ahead, there is wh sonrm in
Columbias *aoo
STANDARD OF THE WORLD
POP MFG. COMPANY . bd  ..hs
uII kran \rrwW I
"A Word
...in Season."
The season is Spring,
Spring when you call on
your body for all its en
ergy, and tax it to the
limit of effort. Does it
answer you when you
call? Does it creep un
willingly to work? It's
the natural effect of the
waste of winter. So much
for the season. Now for
the word. If you would
eat heartily, sleep
soundly, work easily, and
feel like a new being,
take
Ayer's
Sarsaparilla.