Spring
Medicine
Your blood in Spring is almost certain to
be full of impurities-the accumula
tion of the winter months. Bad ven
tilation of sleeping rooms, impure air
in dwellings, factories and shops, over
eating, heavy, improper foods, failure
of the kidneys and liver properly to do
extra worl thus thrust upon them, are
the prime causes of this condition. It
is of the utmost importance that you
Purify
Your Blood
Now, as when warmer weather comes and
the tonic effect of cold bracing air is
gone, your weak, thin, impure blood
will not furnish necessary strength.
That tired feeling, loss of appetite, will
open the way for serious disease, ruined
health, or breaking out of humors and
impurities. To make pure, rich, red
blood hlood's Sarsaparilla stands un
equalled. Thousands testify to its
merits. Millions take it as their
Spring Medicine. Get Hood's, because
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
IstheOne True Blood Purifier. All druggists. $1.
Prepared only by C. I. Hood & Co., Lowell, Mass.
ood' the only pills to take
Hood's Pills wi ll': rsaparil.
for them
get them, plant
them. They are the
s rtandard seeds evervyu
where; sown by the
est planters in the world.
Whet eryouplant 60 square feet
Sground or 60 acres, you should
ae e rry'sn~eedt Anmaal for 'to.
The most valuableboolt for far
mers and ardeners ever given
away. Mailed ree.
a . . x.PaMnr a co.,
Detroit, wa.
WE HAVE NO AGENTS.
but sell direct to the con
sme at wholesale prices.
ship anywhere for examln
atioa before Pale. Every
thing warranted. 100 styles
of Chrages 90 styles of
l it stylesbla aidt sL1
lr. Writ for catalolgue.
glaawT? CAIuGa & AllM .
sass are. co., iLEMAT.
W. a. PSTr, sey. isa.L
Patents. Trade-Marks.
uramtatsio sad Advice as to Patentability of
:fiste- Semd for "Invetsa' Guid or How to Get
R For armellu and lo0ang Gold or silver
Ore.lost or hidden tressre s. _D. lOW
Is oa 8157. Uouthington. Conn.
FREE r
SILVERWARE
WE WILL SEND YOU EImES·
j g TIp m, IN EXCHANGEo
S 08,1 Fuk, 3ooata.
Te will Iod - ee cpoM alde each 2 ounce bag,
and two ceapom las ac 4nace bag of
BLACKWELL'S CENUINE
DURHAM TOBACCO.
11* T! et k .rew b vdam. S ae..' K. pet anw.
ULAOKWELL'S DURHAM TOBACCO CO., DURHAM, N. O.
Rly a bag of this Celebrated Smoking Tobacco, and read
copm, winch gives a list of other premiums and how to get them.
SGCENT STAiMP AOCEPTED.
VENO, THE GREAT HEALING POWER.
Itu Oq g E tf F I b VEO'S CURATIVE SYRUP sa
WVED' ELECTRIC FLUID iallq fir Their Dismas,
stp . nmes sN e lab. Rhati at ad .tru oipies Walk and Cun
4 U i%, Nmmeone, Dyspses oastipjaiuo, Liver and 3aud
ulde] is a Iast rmurMzkl aanmr-. . Both Wu
rai to Walk Without CrtbA, Voahda for by
mnmie KMr of ithran m Gar*u, Lt Loe.
Whileto Dr. Vene was holding hi ealin clinicsa
tin lte of ft. Louis for the purpoe of demon
atratl ue remarkable power cf Yno's Curative
sTp ad Veno's Electric Fluid, which caused
S* eat aaltameat among medical mena Mr. . oth.
40 Gareld avenue, St. 1-als, was brought to
walking on two crutches. He was lmot
o Chroai Rsheumatism. The cruel
r years h ad emaciated ts tortured
W'hree bo friends could hardly rec o ni
·~taTrebotles oe Uleotri FLd wlre
rubbe$ os both his leg and aooeu his back, and
yruar h wa l"u recoered thathewaolkd
w his crutches and has never used them
caea as Krey writes about the woaderful
lome we a Mr. J. Both was so mck crippled
he aenld ha rdwalk with crutob4e To-day
ameo to my md san d roavinced me that
_as aile to walk without crtebs or help e
say kind. Mr. Roth told me that the baprevamest
his health was the result of the treatt of
e.se. ae tric Flud sad Venes Cura blum.
statemeat is itre Dr Ve wl give
'SD asornea who oat pro" tre MwtraA
Wheo wouldu dbt the b tk q Ve ted
SI floeefuaahs a NooL. I't
aCl a btle]a
7- T
Edgar Allen Poe's Cottage.
When the park board of Philadel
phians decided some time ago that it
had no room in any of the city parks
for the Edgar Allen l'oe cottage at
Fordham, in which the poet's greatest
production, ",The Raven," was writ
ten, it lookcd as if it was doomed to
de-truction. The progress of greater
New York demanded that the Kings
hridg- road should be widened and
cxtelded and the route that was laid
out for it ran directly through the
cottage. Admirers of Pope have taken
the matter in hand and a bill has been
prep!ard which will soon be presented
to the i gislaturo asking for an ap
propt'i;tion to be used in purchasing
an aci e of ground across the street
from snhere the cottage now stands
upon whiich to remove it. The prop
erty N ill b, under the care of the park
department.
London is s!pending nearly two mil
lion an.1 a half dollars in el,,ansing and
.building, on slumaii. American cities
are ju.t beginning to learn how serious
is the cumulative evil of tlum con
struetion. They may with profit also
learn hoer) costly is the necessity of
slumn destruction. 1'Th object-lesson
offered iby London May be studied with
interst in all our large cities, and
especially in New York, where,
through the etTorts of the state tene
ment house commission. legislation
has with much difficulty been secured
which, if enforced, perpetuated and
added to, will tend to prevent the
growth of such conditions as London is
now compelled to combat.-''Stamping
Out the London Slums," by Edward
Marshall in the March Century.
It is said that the French army in
Madagascar is so frightfully decimated
with fever that it is doubtful whether
it will be able to stay there at all.
ASK YOUR DEALER FOR
W. L. DOUCLAS
s3. SHOE BETok'0"DE
If you pay 64 to so for shoes, ex- 3.
amine the W. L. Douglas Shoe, and
see what a good shoe you can buy for U
OVER 100 STYLES AND WIDTHS,
CONGRESS, BU'TTON,
and LACE, made in all
kinds of the best selected
leather by skilled work
men. We
make and
sell more
$3 Shoes
than any
other
manufacturer in the world.
None genuine unless name and
price is stamped on the bottom.
Ask your dealer for our 85.
04, 03.50, 82.50, 2.25 Shoes;
62.50, 2 and 61.75 for boys.
TAE NO SUBSTITUTE. If yourdealer
cannot supply you, send to fac
tory, nclosmng price and 36 cents
to pay carriage. State kind, style
of toe (cap or plain), size and
width. Jur Custom Dept. will fill
your order. Send for new Illus
trated Catalogue to Box R.
W. L. DOUGLAS, Brockton, Mass.
SN U DALLAS. I I-96
A GHOST AT THE WEDDINOe
-__adowy Form of Commodore Vander
but Is Said to Hanr Appeared.
The following is an original dream of
a ghost that appeared at the Vanderbilt
Marlborough wedding, acording to the
memory of Prof. Hutchings, the popu
lar lecturer, and the Boston Post.
The weding feast was on, the four
hundred were gathered there in all the
plentitude of their royal power.
The aristocracy, "monocracy" and
plutocracy were there; when, suddenly,
an apparition burst upon the startled
throng; straight he strode toward the
bride and looked to neither right nor
left at any living thing, but advanced
with mighty strides, till the wond-r
lag crowd fell back and gave way to
the oncomer. Tall, lean, lank and
shadowy, broad-shouldered and big
handed, he faced the bride. "Do you
krow me, Consuelo?" he said, and the
terrified bride raised her trembling eye
to the tall, gaunt l ure.
"I do not know you," she said. "But
I am your great-grandfather; my name
is Cornelius, and they call me the com
modore." "But," said the bride, "your
hands are large and bony, hard and
horny; your fingers are misshapen,
twisted and distorted." "So-so,"
chuckled the ghost. "Hard and bony,
are they?" and he clasped his hands
and rolled them one over the other until
th" joints cracked again and he
laughed with mighty glee. "With
these hands did I toil, strive and strug
gle, and with these twisted fingers did
I pluck out of the hands of remorseless
and relentless fate, seventy millions of
gold to endow you with, and here you
stand to-day with the four hundred
gazing upon you. You, with all your
youth and beauty and accomplishments
traded and bartered off like sheep in
the shambles, and for what? An empty
bauble, a bursting bubble, a trinket, a
title, a thing to catch the heart of a
woman." And then the ghost turned
and looked again, not at the bride, but
at the royal duke. "Look at him," he
said. "Behold the royal scion of a noble
house, with the lineage of a thousand
years behind him, and what before
him?" and then once more he turned
toward the bride and spoke his last
word. "And for this, and this, and all
this, may the awful destiny which you
have invoked upon your happy young
soul be kinder to you than you have
been to yourself." And while they
shuddered and stared the frightful spec
ter lifted a warning finger and vanished
never again to appear.
Danger in Cold Feeo
You will never be in good health and
never do your best work if your feet
are constantly cold. Grave diseases of
the throat and lungs are caused by cold
feet alone, and these troubles are al
ways aggravated by a frigid condition
of the lower extremities. If proper foot
wear does not give relief, consult a
physician, for the chances are the sys
tem is "run down," and radical meas
ures are necessary. In nine cases out
of ten, however, the foot covering is
to blame, either because of its shape
or its material. Save in warm weather, 1
and for low-cut shoes, leather, as or
dinarily prepared, has serious objec
tions. It lacks two prime qualities-
porosity and capacity for absorption
being in this respect too much like rub'
ber. No foot can remain either com
fortable or healthy if kept in a per,
petual bath of its emanations and ex.
cretions. Leather, especially that of
the more porous varieties, may be tol
erated for the outside, but for cold
weather it should always be line with
woolen cloth, or, better, with wool felt.
In fact, for all cold climates, and for
winter wear in all climates where there
is any winter, a footgear made from all
wool felt approaches the ideal. Accord
ing to modern notions, any illness in
one part of the body may be occasioned
by some irritating cause far removed
from the seat of the trouble. Just how
this is cannot always be clearly ex
plained, but that such connection does
sometimes exist is beyond dispute. In
the matter under discussion, if the
nerves of the whole body are irritated
by a tight shoe, or the extreme cold
nems of the extremities makes extra de
mand upon the blood supply, there is
neither nerve force nor blood enough
,left for other functions.
Moon nDogme la Canada.
Persons who were abroad at an early
heour in Toronto recently witnessed a
benautiaful lunar phenomenon. The moon
herselft was the center of a brilliant
white cross, while on either side, at a
distance of about sixteen degrees, were
what might not inaccurately be called
great prismatic parlanions, or moon
dogs. Beyond the radius of these and at
the opposite points of the lunar cross
there were rainbow-colored crescents
with their convex sides toward the
moon, while all about the sky was
"hased" with ever-shiftings swarms of
ice particles shimmering in the moon
rays.l
Womona I Poilties.
That woman in politics means purity
in politics one Kansas woman has
started out to demonstrate in an inter
esting way. Mrs. D. P. Leslie was
elected county clerk in Brown county
at the last election. She; of course,
pledged herself to appoint only de
serving persons to omfcees in her control.
She huas begun by making her daughter
ehlef deputy. She knows the char
acter of this appointee thoroughly and
is maslsed of her fttnes and integrity.
Noew the workers are wondering how
tar her faith in her own famlly goes,
The WIre nsa.
The Arst man of whom sience has
may knowledge wa a dLll-witted,
earthy-mladed ereatare, latent upo
ometbbg to eat or kill, blind to beauty
la Swuew r smbimLity yin leangeee
with ssal power a smilust e q ,
-.thn. mon 4 ep.q
"THE WOODEN HEN"
Hatches chickens from hen's eggs. It is
10x15x8 inches' will take care of 2S eggs,
Write to Mr. deo. H. Stahl, Mfr., Quincy,
IIL. for a copy of his booklet "W," describ
ing the 'Wooden lien," also large cata
logue. Both sent freo. Mention this paper. t
Every good man makes unwritten
laws that others have to keep.
The reviving powers of Parkerl Ginger
Tonio
render It indispensable in every home. Stomach
troubles, colds and every form of distressyieldtolt.
Nothing can kill an enemy entirely
dead but love.
Get Hlnderrorns and use It
It YU0 want to realize the comfort of being without
Oorns. It takes them out perfectly. 15c. at druggists.
The Most Capable Ship.
The Vulcan, 6620 tons, with a radius
of action of 12,000 miles at ten knots
hour, or 3000 at eighteen knot', is re
garged as one of tle most capable ships
in the British navy. Her French com
peer is the T'age, 7255 tons, which has
a radius of 6500 miles in ten knots.
The Italia, 15,000 tons. Italy's best
ship, has a coal capacity of 8036 miles
at ten knots an hour. From this it
will be seen that no European navy has
any vessel that can compare with the
Oregon and other vessels of the United
States navy which can steam 16,000
miles at ten knots an hour.
Stop, Thief I
Stop a small malady, which is stealing your
strength, before it outruns your power to ar
rest it, and recover what it took from you. The
safest and promptest recuperator of waning
vitality is Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, which
renews vigor, flesh and nervequietude because
it restores activity to those functions whose in
terruption interferes with general health. Use
the Bitters for dyspepsia, malarial, rheumatic
and kidney complaints and biliousness.
A policeman stops being an optimist
when he puts on his uniform coat.
$400 IN PRIZES ON OATS AND CORN.
Last year we offered $200 for the
biggest yield on oats. 209 bushels Sil
ver Mine Oats won the prize. This
year we offer $200 more on oats, $100 on
Silver King Barley, a barley yielding
in 1895 116 bushels per acre, and $100
on Golden Triumph Yellow Dent Corn,
the corn of your dreams!
What's Teosinte and Sand Vetch and
Sacaline and Lathyrus and Giant Spur
ry and Giant Incarnate Clover and lots
of such things? They'll make you rich
if you plant a plenty. Catalogue tells
you!
If yea wil eut this eat asd send it
with 100. postage to the John A. Salzer
Seed Co., La Crosse, Wis., you will get
free 10 grasses and grains, including
above oats, barley, corn and their mam
moth catalogue. Catalogue alone be.
w.n.'
The best thing for us is what God
s s to be good.
For Lung and chest diseases, Piso's Cure is
the best medicine we have used.-Mrs. J. L.
Northecott, Windsor, Ont., Canads.
We ought to find out that condemn
ing others will never justify us.
Catarrk Can 1.5 es Cmred
With local applications. as they can
not reach the seat of the disease. Ca
tarrh is a blood or constitutional dis
ease, and in order to cure it you must
take internal remedies. Hall's Catarrh
Cure is taken internally, and acts di
rectly on the blood and mucous sur
,faces. Hall's Catarrh Cure is not a
quack medicine. It was prescribed by
one of the best physicians in this coun
try .or years, and is a regular prescrip
tion. It is composed of the best tonics
known, combined with the best blood
purifiets, acting directly on th mucous
surfaces. The perfect combination of
the two ingredients is what produces
such wonderful results in curing Ca
tskh. Bend for testimonials, free.
F. J. CHENEY & CO., Props.,
Toledo, O.
Sold by drudtists; price, l5c.
all's PFamily Pills, 2Sc.
The ship that has to sail among
rooks needs a good pilot.
Gladness Comes
W itha better understanding of the
transent nature of the many phys
leal ills, which vanish before proper ef
forts-gentle effort--pleasantefforta
rightly directed. Thee is comfort in
the Inowledge, that so many forms of
sickness are not due to any actual dis
ease, but simply to a conipatedcondi
tion of the system, which the pleasant
family laxatve, Syrup of Figs, prompt
ly removes. That is why it isheonly
remedy with millionsof fuamilies, and is
everywhere esteemed so bhighly by all
who value good health. Its beneficial
etects are due to the fact, that itis the
one remedy which promotes internal
clesanliness without debilitating the
organs on which it aets. It Is therefore
a important, in order to get its bene
fical efects, to note when you pur
chase, that you have the genuine arti
cle, which is manufactured by the Call
fornia ig Syrup Co. only and sold by
all reputable drggists
an n the tenhymentf Ulvedao h r
otlar remedies are then not needed. If
aelted with any aetual disease, one
maq be commended i. the moat skillful
physieans, but if in need of a laxsative,
one should have the bet, ad with the
well-tnformed everywher.e, p of
Figssand highest agd hes t
RAe PNInrs
ý I1T .Vif I'lt.·tr Drerrrrt c r. Rliner·~rev
P 0W7C kCetortr. h't ~l1r:r:tr r I..n l m'! ,
artvrluuuar nn".~ T,',":i · ,·";ý,"s.lr lnr Ia l1l"fil··tp
lI'hucºc a he tde o ii lluh(- nu-t frhi 1he- Inc14.
*aIh t' I. . I.. in'ý n ,I, 1 1 ;.. , I;
Only log e' calil tt11n a tile, hot e.n~I11nh
:o burn 11.1 tt..Itt\ If nf. il.
It the Baby Is (UnilttII Tcetbh.
Be su ,, an-1 u., - int !. I : nit.l w. ! ii i..1 t -.+ \11:11.
1Yt-XatWo iluht i hut f.. I mllait I- Inb .
It matters little of hIw
yis eccldreadiy csrilfid;'to~i ~ST.J A IJCOBS OIL
long standing the pain
has been; chronic cases
yield readily to of mIL ''
acid RHEUMATISM of manyyears'stanuin has 1 r. curied b;; it.
Mamma
&
Baby
Ilave I)oth Ieen I.hnttitId ,yv lrown'.; Iron
1I ittcr'. No woind-i r thuN look vIl 1;.l happy.
I how-ndi of mothers and ibits <an look
I I the samte if they t:1:l use
BROW N'S IARO.V ;ITTI:AS,
A sure -c-e for w\omen's tro.ul et s and
strengthens weak and puny children.
" ~Red X :ines , the wrapper show it to e gcnu;ne.
S Brown Chemical Co., Baltimore. Md.
J IIIIIIIhll hllllIllIuIll;IIIIIIIIIIIIItiII IIiIIIIIInH1IIlflillhullIIIIllill
Y
N
"A very smooth article."
PLUG
Don't compare "Battle Ax "
with low grade tobaccos-compare
" Battle Ax" with the best on
the market, and you will find you
get for 5 cents almost as much
"Battle Ax" as you do of other
high grade brands for 10 cents.
UIillll IIIIIII llllIfiIIIIIII l lll illl IIIII l IIIII IIMIIIIIllIl Itr
Comes soon
to all who
employ
the helpful ,
services of
CLAIRETTE SOAP.
Does the work quicker, does it better, lits hoger. Begin its use at
once. ,old everywhere. Made only by
The N. K. Fairbank Company, . St. Louis.
FIELD AND HOC FENCE WIRE.
8P, 1491 P, bO, or 58 inches high. Quality and wrkrnar),-hip the boeat.
latg on the mark*et to compare with it. 'rite for ftril infoimotiuon.
UNION FENICE COMPANYI DE TAL.3, ILL.
JIIIIIILitu lllllr;:.lllli.,lllll IIIIIllIiIIIIIIIIIIII.
AYER'S
Sarsaparilla
- I. the origiinal ar.:i S u ,ril',. the
stailatrs if the Nv'orll. (Oth R e _.
Ih5, " iOitO tl thY s re a,,i:
=Til" y 't n mitate the recal~l;
50 Years of Cures
illllilllll llullllU iillinllllllllllil llll