LOUISIANA POPULIST.
EHTE.D AT TILE NA'CIIITOCHES POST
OFFICE AS SECOND.CLASS MATTER.
PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MORNING.
$. L. BRIAN, - - Editor.
W. H. AREAUX, .- - Publisher.
8UBSCRJIPTION-hOne Year.................$1 00
S Sir Months.............. M5
" Four Months ............. 40
ADVRBTSINTG BATES.
SPACE. Imaf m mo s oe 6 wo 1( 1enr.
finch 00500$ e.o 11 0ot500
2inohes 500 ReH 950150 00 2000
3 inches 700 11 On 12 50 19 00
4 inches R 5'9 14 00 15 00 2 o00 30 00
5 inaehas 10 00 16 00 17 on0 7 00 35 00
6 inches 11t 50 1 00 19 00 0 0 40 0
7 inehes 13 50 20 00 21 00 3t 00 44 00
A inches 15 o2?0 o00i 4 00 .o 00 48 00
I celumn 40 00 50 00' 55 00 05 00 100 00
Transient advertisements. $1 per sqiuarO first in
sertlon: each subsequent insertion 50 cents per
square.
Official or leLel avr'tisrement~, $1 per eqoare
brst insertion; each subs sauent ,nsertion 50 cents
per squar..
Local advertisements, 10 rents per lino.
Editorial notices. first insertion. 15 cents per
lne: subsequently 10 cents per line.
C~ommnmentlons are sollette4. Ihit we will not be
responsible for any views therein expressed.
Addires all romnlunintions to the liusiness
Manager. Communications must be sent in by
Monday.
Communicatlons intended for pnblication should
be accompanied by the real as well as the ansnmuet
name of the author. not for publication but as an
evidenceof good faith on the part of the writer.
Af laiure to do so will consign them to the waste
basket.
FRIDAY, March 5, x897.
NOTICE.
The State Relief Committee
through Mr. Millsaps, its Chair
man, has given notice that it has
supplies in sight for only thirty
days more, and that donations for
free distribution will be exhausted
within that 'time.
It is also suggested that food
supplies received in future shall' be
distributed only to widows and
orphanse and the. absolutely desti
tute.
We, therefore, request the ward
Committees of this Parish to re
vise their lists of the destitute, and'
t, f urnish to this Committee the
names of those embraced in the
above terms.
As soon as we canarrange to set
tl .e the freight bills, 100 bhls meal,
2 'bbs molasses and 1000 lbs meat (
will be given out here as above in- C
diaated.,
P, , s RELIEF COMMrTEE.
v"e, - eincoming train from the
., rt ings. in sweet potatoes, t
Spotatoes, cabbages, celery, n
e~ote, r cauliflower, spinach, etc., t
'We are forcibly reminded of d
coaol to Newcastle,"
wasio demand for the
: and there is a demand aprof
market for' the vegetables l
here in the greatest vegeta- in
wtwtive region in all the
.,ii i: "- " taxsFarm and Ranch.
j.h.r.i evheport Judge remarks a
y..tb ,fr miles from Milan. Italy,
"r alost remarkable echo in the o'
IJ'':rt is. t the Oetle of Si
aaixd repeats the shot of a
times.. wThe Itemsog- p
th La e contemporary ba ri
c refoarkabke instance.s
at sound right tc
0!,theie TJ nes hi
1 ! oster next sysl
'4 ily ,tem, d
i r* n Prees As
ersttnvncet- 0
,.~bp the dlffi..t,
j~, lt~Pa"e
r. The Truth Apprecia
ted.
The Daily Picayune of the 1st
inst., referring to our editorial of
last week where we endeavored to
defend the State and other Relief
er. committees from unwarranted
o charges, says editorially :
" "When a pjartisan palper can rise
40 above lirejudice tild (do justice to
a l)political opponent it shows that
it has a proper appreciation of
truth and honesty, and it ought to
00 be coimmended for possessing a vir
no tue which is unfortunately too rare
00 among the self-seeking and unscru
no pulous politicians of this age.
o 'The Natchitoches Populist, con
00 ducted by Mr. 11. L. Brian, one of
the most prominent and influential
" Populists in the State, thus conl
fments on an unjust and uncalled
t for attack that has been made in
some of the Louisiana papers upon
* the administration of the public
be and private contributions by the
ma State Central Relief Commnittee, of
) which Mr. Uriah Millsaps is chair
Id man,"
in After quoting our editorial in 1
t full, the Picayune continues :
"These honest and manly expres- I
sions do great credit to the journal
that utters them, and must gain '
for it not only the respect of its !
political opposers, but the confi
e dence of its own partisans. A a
public journal that does all in its
s power to give facts and. honest t
judgments to its readers will al- t
r ways gain credit on all sides, and t
I because it tries to be just and hon- b
est that need not interfere with its 1
I devotion to the cause which it es- t
I pouses or the principles it upholds.
I On the contrary, it does honor to 0
them."
This commendation from the
oldest, and probably the strongest a
daily paper in Louisiana, is very p
gratifying to us, but it is only one P
of the rewards of our effort to e
"render unto Caesar, etc."
Aside from preventing many el
donations that would otherwise
come to the relief of our suffering I'
people, these groundless charges W
against our relief committees will hi
force those who believe them to lip
the conclusion that there are no b6
men able or willing to be charita- tr
ble in North Louisiana, save scoun
drels and villains, who would traf- m
. c in the misfortunes of starving th
humanity, and that the rest of our L
population are, temporarily at least, a
mendicants, widows and orphans. fi
This would be a sad opinion for le
any one to have of North Louisi- el
ana, and every paper in it should M
efend it from such inferenees
even.
We note the New' Orleans pa- so
pers are lamenting the loss of Red to
river and Ouachita trade--good I
New Orleans has steadily refused re
to quote delivered prices, and has sC]
helped the Bed River Line to rob it
Redriver, and now, what if she su
doe lose our trade? Little Shreve- o
port and Alexandria are stabbing
and thrusting the life out of New g
Orleans trade daily. The day of fo]
our commission merchant rob~bing
thePbianter on one side and his be
rters; the transportation lines,
f i him on the other is past.
iwe want to say further, the so0
otton trade of New Orleans is aip
robbery pure and simple in its ha
present form, and they are soon th
to lose that too.--Colax Demands.
That's about the size of it, but ji
Alexanmdria and Shreveport wered
not i.r it with New Orleans until
tbeT got'both railroad and 'river fr(
ttaieportatioia, the Oompetition be- st
tweenwhichput freights to a rca- w
solabte fgure. ' mi
: Natchitoches should llearn a val
nabl .lesson from this, and get a re
love oft her.
Ati-present our transportation fai
tbynrl andt water is limited to
bea~bPeriei.nutil. it is a-burden 'im
" ow *ca a, our mill men fo,
is the NatchitoIH
o 6hreveport, O
il'ae River to
dobl thiew
1, .
BIG :~ i
"St. Mary is Superb."
We have heretofore called atten
st tion to the munificent donation of
the parish of St. Mary to the peo
ple of North Louisiana in money
to and provisions. These patriotic
4f citizens met in Franklin the other
,d day and resolved that the state
ought to give *250,000 to the
drouth sufferers and pledged them
selves to stand by the governor in
o making such a gift and invited oth
it or parishes to join them. These
11 resolutions were offered by Capt.
o J. N. Pharr and unanimously
adopted. We want all the people
e of Louisiana to observe and con
sider this action. It has no paral
lel in the state, yet it simply shows
a fair appreciation of the condi
f tion of the drouth sufferers. It
LI shows that down in St. Mary there
are warm Christian hearts which
I beat and throb for human suffer
ers. And it shows that Capt.
n Pharr is the foremost philanthrop
c ist in the state.
° We do not propose to bring pol
f itics into this matter of relief. Far
- be it from us. All classes with
out regard to political affiliations
a have nobly responded to our cry
of distress and we thank them all
_ profoundly.
But we are human and we can
not help but think what a blessing
it would have been to North Lou
isiana had Capt. Pharr been seated
as governor. There would' have
been no trouble about state bounty
then-no dispute about distribu
tion-there would have been plen- 1
ty for all, for the Old Swamper
has a liberal heart. Well, hip not I
being governor has not deprived
the people of his services in their i
hour of need. His exclusion from I
office has not dimmed his fame.
It is really no great distinction (
to be a state's governor. It is at
temporary and limited honor.
Small politicians have filled the
place in every state and the long i
procession of governors has march- I
ed down the dusty road of oblivi- r
on. A man does not miss much s
who is excluded from being gov- s
ernor of Louisiana. I
But to be a man, like Capt. s
Pharr in private station, to be a
worker for humanity, progress n
and reform, to he a leader in be- t
half of every noble cause, to re
lieve want, to scatter plenty, to
benefit and bless mankind, this is I
true greatness, this is the height d
of honor and renown! We have k
nothing to say now to the detri
ment of any official. They have ri
their entrances and their exits. tl
Let them be. But when Louisi
ana garners her jewels for the dia
dem of immortality, she will not d
find a brighter gem for that fade- G
less crown than the name of Capt. U
hasrr bf the superb parish of St.
Mary.--Monroo Bulletin. a
Several of our Cane river plant- It
ers have personally approved our
suggestions of last week relative C
to the locks in that river. They 5(
recognize the feasibility of the
scheme, and the veryegreat benefit i
it would be to them,jnd ate only
surprised that the leadin't men of
our parish, and especiafly our con- vi
gressman, have not made some ef
fort in this direction long ago.
They forget that this parish ,has
been dominated by a set of politi
ians who for selfish, sordid rea
sons secured the defeat of an in. (l
significant railroad tax which would te
have put the' Texas and Pacific
through this city and through our 1
river lands; defeated another sim
ilar tax which would have extend
ed the Natchitoches and Red River
Valley railroad on to Shreveport
from Grand Ecore, where it now
stops; have elected men to office
who were incompetent, narrow
minded and selfish as theoselves
and will continue to block prog
ress as long as they are in control.
But we can not stand on their
failures. Let's' petition congressi
to buil4 these locks, Harry.Ogden
and Sam McEnery will handle it
for us.
How to Abolish Tax
cs-The Populist Plan
SThe great interest felt in the ei
perience of the city of Glasgow
witbher municipalized syqtem of
Otrept railways promnpts us. to re
Aitulate the leadinig faot in the
cwwe, Tb. franchise of the, -com
in the line expired
tJ*city totheplaniT
#n iotrol and at once
rte n oelyew outft of roll
:P on-May.31,;of 18Q0
%4~t4gsingj
als of leases, 'new Illi:li!n and
all other items, is thus 813,,040,A
the fares h:\aving been rci(Iced( ( ,e
f half. It. costs one cent. in ( las.ow
Sfo a iilf. uiile ride and twee c111t
, for a iiile and a h:if rlide', and six
e cents for a six-mile ride. The
r hours of labor of the employee:
a have been reduced from sixteen to
a nine. The success of the experi
- ment is altogether brilliant, and
l the profits since May have been so
_ great that the ordinary city taxes
have been abolished. The first ef
fect of this has been a great de
Scline in rents, accompanied by a
decided increase in the prosperity
of the city. Business in Ghlasgow
is exceptionally brisk. The city
owns its own gas works, upon
which it made a profit last year of
t $390,000, although the price charg
ed for gas is only (0) cents a thou
sand feet. Contrast these results
with those in our own cities under
private ownership.
Students of municipal problems
will not depend upon Glasgow for
instruction. The British towns of
IIuddersficld and Sheffield have
also adopted the policy of miunici
pal ownership. In Sheffield the
people had endured intolerable ty
rannies from the corporations own
ing and operating the street cars.
In Huddersfield the same story was
told. The citizens ldeternuined in
both places to put an end to the
oppression, and the lines were
therefore taken Pos.ession of.
Fares have been redhced from one
half to a quarter of their former
figures. The emlployees had been
working on an average fifteen i
hours a day. Under municipal
ownership their hours are re reduced
to nine and their pay increased 100
per cent. In fact, one of the very
conspicuous results of municipal j
ownership is the great improve
ment in the condition of labor, and I
another is the reduction of fares
faomn five cents to two. Why we
in this country are content to re
main behind our British cousins is (
not easy to explain. Those who
say we are unable to manage the
street railways for ourselves must
prove that we are not calapaplo of
seif-government as the foreigners.
No doubt our corporation mag
nates are of that opinion,-Twen-*
tieth Century.
Mr. J. Q. Adams of Grappe's
Bluff, passed through town Mon
day, on route to Mardi Gras, ta
king advantage of the excursion
rates to attend some business in
the Crescent City.
We had the pleasure last Mon
day of a few minutes visit to our
Grammar School, where Prof.
(Greneaux and his able assistants
are fast building up one of our
best institutions. One of the many
improvements that attracted our
attention was a Caxton School
Chart, an invaluable aid to good
school work.
Mr. S. E. Russ of Allen, was
in town Monday.
Mr. C. L. Crump of Martha
ville, was on our streets Monday.
Mr. F. L. Shaw of Barkley,
came to town Monday.
JOB WORK.
Job work must be paid for when
delivered. There is no exception
to this rule. Strictly cash.
IDB GREATEST OP UIJ nDrrm1i0f
The Ideal
Remedym
whkhbisnriuermanltya ushers
*uafhsese* Iawyeru,4setor, an,
lepall wasr Il over the suat,
ut tegether is
i)r. King's
Royal
Germetuer
IT 1S ESSE iTAllI A 0UtISEU.l REMEDY.
It ull th, pam APPEWtIE
it gllhn h mp i slmfrntl SLEEP.
It ll -itai paillESf L
Ifi r *tR EOOSEIERST. 1
RI tpa bUtomta b mco aNst.* *
thuae d oomeu ue. re Wse by roehotng
otrouiw ma d e see3esblErsB
uulie t, Lt Hfi
bi!i i05 De.. u i ihr.ili
uamicum tl e If 1,
NEW STORE,
SNEW ...S.
.1 .NE W PRICES.
Ma"V- 1( 2"-.. _- ---._.._72=L_ ..·-.._
Iavinl dlecided that N atchitoches nceds : real live, hust
liln, a rll ro(ul Mei c!chant-a man who wants trade, and
will work for it--we have 1 itr up a large stock of bran
new purch:lases, :;ud a bding to it every day.
• - '....... .... o...
Dry Goods, Groceries,
Ihardware, Crockeryware, Glass-:
ware, Cutlery, Boots, Shoos, Hats,:
Caps, Notions & Fancy (i.rceries.:
We buy our goolds for spot cash, and will ruin the
man who under sells us.
We buy country produce and l:.ty cash or goo(ds for it.
We want your trade and will give you a barnain for it.
:` Country Trade especially solicited. ,;
LICHTENSTEIN BUILDING,
Pront Street. Natchitoches. La.
J. C. BURNSIDE.
ESTABLISHED IN 18S9.
General Insurance Agency.
U. P. BREAZEALE,
Successor to
ALEXA,NDER, HILL & BREAZEALE.
Representing FIRST-CLASS COMPANIES in
LIFE AND FIRE INiSURAICE.
Representing also the UNITED STATES FIDELITY and GUAR
ANTY CO., of Baltimore, for Bonds and Securities.
Prompt Attention to Business. Cou.ntry Business
a Specialty m
Office on St. Denis St., Natchitoches, La.
Call on me before placing your insurance elsewhere.
U. P. BREAZEALE.
ONLY BUY DIRECT OP MANUFAOTUitBR8 .:
$40 BOMUIES, ROAD VEHICLES
WAGONS, SURREYS of AM Klada
Coupon Shipped anywhere to anyone at WHOLESALE PRICES,
ON OPs OP OUR IXTRAODINo Y ARGAINS
RuaD OalllRIPTIO OA5UPULLY
PIANO or CORNING BODY, END or BnBwgy Sp ngsa
9 or 4 bow LEATER QUARTER Top. Patent o ream
fasteners, head lining of best wool dyed cloth, oorde "
seams and closed dusters in quarters, SO0ID PANEl
PirnING BAOH, cloth or fancy leather trimmings,
Y '^ UO " wing cushions, Sarven wheels, with 6 spokes, 0or
No. 10 TOP BUGGY in. tread. 15-16 in. double collar steel
swedged and fantail bed, 4 and 6 lea oil-tempere
springs of best quality. Body is 2236 in. wide by 52 in. long, made of best seasoned lumber
ash frame and poplar panels, thoroughly glued screwed and plugged. Double reach, ironed
fall length. All forgings, clips, bolts, etc., made of beet Norway iron. Painting and bSair
first-class throughout. Bodies painted a rich black, gears Brewster green, black or earmlnr
handsomely striped. Each buggy complete with shafts, leather dash, boot, storm aproe.
carpet, anti-rattlers, etc. A written warranty with each buggy.
$45.00 it ouar SPECIAL WHOLEBALE PRICk for this fne buggy,
D Never before sold for less, but to introduce our work in your
Coupon No, 2570 locality we have decided to make a special co00 0l offer, ivingl
every reader of this paper an opportunity to get astriotly first
00D Ol0 class $7.0o buggy at the lowest price ever offered. On reelpt
h 1$40.00 and coupon we will ship thishandsome buggy, meourelp
packed and crated and delivered on board oar, Do not asls this
opportunity to get a thoroughly High Grade Up-toDate Bger at
If sent with Order the lowest price ever offered. Remember we donot oer ug a
for "cheap buggy," but as a strictly high-grade vehicle. If you wtent
- 5O. 120 Top Bu0gy a cheaper buggy or some other style, write for ourlatrgeilhutrted
orcatalogue showins o dfferent styles of Vehioles, eto
or We can sell you a top baupy as low as ~5.®0, better ones for
Ms. 34 Road Wage and uDwards. Money refanded if not as represented after nz
and examination. Coupon must positivelyt aoeompany the clder
to obtain this specilal price.
BOAD WAGONS-We have all styles, but
this one is the most popular. Any dealer This .egant Read Wages $250
will ask you $5.00 for it. Our wholesale WITH COUPON *
pricoe is $80.00. Bend as $25.00 and ooupon ,.
and it is yoars. Guaranteed to be made of
seleoted material thoroaghly seasoned,
beet end or aide springs, Barven patent
wheels, cloth or Evan's leather trimmings,
double reach ironed full length, 15-16 in.
drop axles, patent leather dash, painting
body blaok, gear Brewster green or oarmtine
nicely stped, and finely finished through
out. written warranty with each wagon
and money refunded if not as represented. "
Order at onoe. Prices will be higer ner t No 8 BAD WAdeo
pUson, dlddrea (in fu,) ,
CAiSH BUYERS' UNION, . a
158 W. Vam Bares St., Bx f2767,Uig j
OV, 'Itltea IAIsI1ra
Jxo.4 M.. TUCKEny, President. D. C. SCAnBOrIoOH, Secretary
JNO: A,. BaaLow, Troeasurer and General Manager,
GIVANOVICH OIL COMPANY, Limited,
-MANUFACTURERS AND DEALERS IN ALL KINDS OF
COTTON SEED PRODUCTS,
NA 'CHIT O CHES, . - LOISIANA.
H-, ORLY& 95 Calibre Repeater on the market.
,u'de in nall lengths and stylis, reguler and TAKIE *OWN.
J:,:'v! !h' f:', X-y t) .3iand ; n .a-i*' is the strongest and best repeater ma.
-I . *:v; ior. anl 'nibrea. Write for catalogues to
S S)EL 1894 ready, THE MARLIN FIRE ARMS 00.,
+..: , .-:-., Yi-· and  -. New Haven, Conn.
't . "... EPi.r" R iPILLERi to preserve guns and all metal work, 15 oeat per tube.
.e'nd 1."'t (. a ccI:1h nf ta8.0p and we will mail you a pack of highoht qualltl p)l
; ,aa. : ,+la+;za