be Krupp Pna foundries at' Essemu
earu Dussldort, employ 27,155 pert
ieos, whose familes amount to 67,59' i
gemsons"
' "ow an you getting along with the
byele?' asked Miss Cayenne. "Better r
amat I expeted," replied Willie Wish-:
Isgtoe. "So you have at last attempted;
to ridel' "No; t haven't gone quite,
that far. But I don't believe I'm quite,
i muac fralrd of it as 1 used to be."--i
Pa.hIntn Star. - ..... 1
It must be pleasant to be a dog's nose
summer. - i
CsllTivI.LL. R. I.. March 6.1892.
"I enclose tw, dolilars to get some of your
CT'riTLat.I It ha+ done wonder" on three
persoas to whom I had given a little of my
matt supplv. Tuey were radicaily cured of
easesa.'Yours reepne't ulivl
Ray. C.P. GOlouzr.
t heb by mall for s0o. In st amps.
J. T. 8S Trrnira. savannah, Ga.
A 58.Cent Caleadar Free.
Perhaps the most heaut ful !arlstar lasued
artbe year'I1 is Tue Your's tourasivrl
Art taleadar, which is uivet to oech aublcrib,
e teths pauen for the year '97. It is made up
of feat eharming pietures, beastfuily repro- 4
Idcel i twelve hsrmen:ens colors. It is in
fe e a fer-.pag lfeldr wrieh, when extended,
)It le sesO Ila sine. The subahlets re do. 1
lutfully attractive. This Calendar makes a
lrable ornament for a mantel, centre'tab'e
Swrittltl desk. It of.e-ed totr sale only by
temphblish sor Tu a Yoaus'sA L "oPAwton at
e aite pier copy. Onlly beraite of the ennr,
aes lmber poulihe Is it poseible for tee
abli-er+ of Tlu COMPAt lo to send it free
tea. Coattaox subscribers.
"Walter Baker a Co., of Dorchester Ma.a
UV.. A., have vel years of stliudy to the ski
ill repration of oocuo and ehlaeola:, and
m aevis ohlaekry ad,eystens pecu tar
ito lir et.das of treatment, whereby týo
ýpl tlaiobility# uad hihesL t antrient char
Il Iarei retaiad. Their preparations
pe hawn the world over, ad Lve received
Sghelt indoerseoets from the nediml
i ., the nnrse, apd the intellgent
i ad eaterer. There is hardly any
. eit which may be slexteaaily v sed
theb l4 is cel bilaato with other
Mlss mo hsad ehocolate: but here again
Slurge the laportance or purity and nutrient
l~e. mad three im.,~tant polit, we feel
epr., may be reited upon I RaMker's Ona oand
4O lste-.'A-Dit ld d IIB gttd. Gmtt.
Deathels cnaset be Cane
ileat p'laicatioa, as theycanot reach the
Mportio ,f I he ear. 't here is only one
to Cear Qsiiies, and that is by oontitu
La1 ,di'.1 Lsan no-1 e is caused by als In
nmaditin ofe the muinous lining of the
sohian Tube. When this tube gets in.
have am rram ll soind or impar
I eanl, and weon it is enltirely Cl uned
Ie the remilt, and unless the intlam
ean be taken out and this tube re
to ite normal condition, hearing wall be
forever; nine easet out ten are
oy eatarrh, which is nothing but an in.
onrttfoa in 'thelluneous urftaces.
"swil giv OHO* Hundred Dilars for any
Kastut Itc aoes -edby catarrh) that can
`IM antr lalsOatarrh Cure. Scud for
- efrrlam . r ts'n s r& Co., Toledo. 0.
SWhpsa lst asistaITc,
al . finmlity Phits are the best.
, . -ea are capable of dolAl their best
" t a mapaer t t surgret and encourage.
3 ebave tlde Debbis' llostiasr,.ors soap
, s dlecld sto se itt allr tho time. If you
i elld it Ys o*we It to romrelf to d so.
S ptiei ' iboetlt will se tt. be sure that
HarFilp cdisrect.I
Ykmin gdis eountraed penpl' on earth are
!e..t who really do not know what they
lI' wlth sere eyes use Dr. Isaac
->,# a Wate. Druggists soell at
a , ad n me up, I was
su'm 'samw .n.re
"1 ....W"ill.
/_ - -- l
BLOOD BI THE POUND.
IT IS USED FOR MAKING BUTTONS,
COMBS AND PENHOLDERS.
Slaughter-Houses Drawn Upon to Sup.
ply Articles of Use and Adornment.,,.
Curious Phase of the Industrial Progress
of the Age.
The sweet girl who likes to be up
to-date in her fads and fancies has
done many strange things, says the
New York News. She has worn ugly,
crawling lizards in close contiguity
to her shalwly neck. She has w~0r1,
without knowing it, rats' heads at the
end of her fur boa, fondly imagining
that the heads were those of a mink.
She was not to blame for this last pe
culiarity. It was all the fault of the
horrid dealers, who ran short of mink
heals and substituted those of rats,
when some inspired genius discovered
that it was Impossible to detect the
difference after proper treatment.
lit is not the fault of the girl either
thart she wears buttons made of blood.
'The probability is that few, even- of
the not over-sensitive girls of to-day,
would relish the idea of 'aving their
dresses trimmed with buttons that owe
their origin to the slaughter-houses.
And yet it is a fact 'hat the buttons
on many of 'the dainty dresses that so
enhance the charms of the wearer,
are made from the life-blood of the
victims of the butcher's knife.
The thought is calculated to shock
the sensibilities of any felow who re
garde his girl's tresses as somethlng
satcred, abut thee cruel fact remains that
it is within the bounds of possibility
that her lovely locks are arranged with
a comb that has been made solely
from congealed blood that once
dropped red and warm frocm 'the throat
of a elaughtered animal.
Nor is this all. The sweet words
that the newlly-engaged gIp confides
to the mercy of Uncle Sam's mall box
may have been written by a hand hold
ing a stick of congealed and com
pressed blood. Dreadful as the thought
may be, however, it is a fact that pen
holders are made from the sanguinary
substance of. slaughtered animals.
This industry is not an altogether
new one, but few,people are aware of
its existence. As a matter of fact, the
manufacturers of blood articles do not
proclaman from the housetops the na
ture of their business, for people are
apt to be prejudiced against wearing
blood buttons and using blood combs
and penholders. The chief reason for
the slaughter-houses being drawn upon
for the material to make, buttons,
combs and peirholders 'i that they can
lie made much cheaper by this means
than from bone. The process Is simple.
When a steer,. sheep, pig or other ani
mal is slaughtered the blood is not al
lowed to run to waste. It is carefully
caught in buckets as it flows from 'tlhe
dying animal and laid aside to congeal
and dry. 'l'.e receptacles in which the
blood congeals are tilted at a slight
angle, so that all the fluid portion of
the blood runs to the side. It can then
readily be drained off, leaving be ind
only the fibrous portion of the old,
whloh dries and hardens until it; can
be ted in lumps. This is the sub
stance that the blood button makers
porehase from the batclhers. It is sold
to them by lne pound, 11 oents being
about the average price for that qua
tiy of congealed gore in its dry state.
The priee is kept rtp by tlhe active com
peftion .to seenre the blood, for it
malkes a. splendld fertilizer, and the
trmers are alway~s demandc n it.
Very little goes to waste in a New York
shu ter, houle.
Haig, ee amre d a supply of con
get#d blood, tne maifaoturer next
jmSireeds to grind the fibrous substance
to powder. This powder, mixed with
a';Mlttle water, is the sole ingredient
fa the substitute for bone in Ite but
toa, comb and penholder idustry.i
!1.e mass is ptaoed over a niould and
·i colmpresed by lydraulle means.
When it is taken out the substawce is
uahart as bond ad of the desired
ape.. There' is little in its apsIesr
tes. to salow thet th materlal eidgi
dted is the waisghteWornee. The
·nmra. colot of a bloed bratta is
bie, id it ea be ied wthout the
~Uibgst suepletaaof It s upeanny or
fth- e ta lor the substance
O maiutcturels mniz it Wlph clip
fre athehoofs of 'the animal,
£ I~etbnra canos out ha rarlQoated
Is tts htehA es
:sits *ake 4*os toiet a i.
'Ib 11 M psb coed
CI4Atq
~ 9~a~b~i~tiiiirtii ~ 4
NOT A WISE SERPENT,
Relieved of a Blanket It Had Swallowed 1
in Kansas City.
On Sunday, August 23, "The Star"
told of Mrs. Rade Harden's pet Afri
can boa-constrictor "Balbe" having ab
sentmlindedly swallowed the buanket
on which it had been sleeping. Since
that time "Babe" has lain in her box
thaining the matter over and putting
forth all 'her gastric powers to digest
the 'blanket. But the blanket being of
good, stout Canton flannel, refused to
yield to digestion, and it became a sert
ous question whether or not it could
stand the strain much longer. It was
determined, therefore, 'to perform a
surgical operation on "Babe" and re
move the impediment.
At 9 o'clock this morning "Babe"
was 'taken to the University Medical
College, and placed on an operating
table In a lecture room. It was ex
tremely lively as to the first four feet
of its body, and 'heavy as to the other
four feet. The amphitheatre was
filled with medical students, doctors
and vishtors. Mrs. Harden stood by
"Babe," and encouraged it to endure
the coming ordeal. Dr. F. Rosenwald
took off his coat, rolled up his sleeves,
and announced that he was ready to re
lieve "Babe" of its burden. "Babe"
ran its forked tongue in and out, cares
sing Mrs. Harden's cheeks and hands.
Even the medical students snuddered.
* W'hileDr. Moore administered chloero
form to "Babe," Dr. Rosenwald drew
rough plans and specifications of
"Babe" on the blackboard, and, ad
dressing the students In technical lan
guage, explained 'that a similar opera
tion 'had never been performed on a
snake before, and that he would make
an "exploratory incision" through the
aodominal wall, the peritoneum and
the stomach of the repthe, provided it
had them, and recover the blanket, if
it was there. The students craned
their necks and regarded the preparea
l.ons with much interest.
"Babe" had in the mean time re
sponded gracefully to the chloroform,
and werr insensible. An incision, five
incthes long, was made in the snake,
ar l hardly a drop of blood escaped.
But the ...anket was there, and was
drawn forth without trouble. It had
been rolled into a cigar-shaped cylin
der about two feet long, and was as
ho-" as a brick. It was covered with
gastric juice, which was futilely en
deavoring to do its work. The blanket
looked as thot,.h it had ,.eeno compress
ed by machinery. It had to `be soaked
in water before it could be unfolded.
.e stomach of the snaae was as clean
as a whistle, and after the blanket had
been removed was as empty as a drum.
ALne stitches were made in closing the
wound, and the snare was taken out
into the alley for fresh air. It was
soon surrounded by students, 'email
bays and colored women. In about
five minutes its lungs filled with air
and its forked tongue ran In and out,
and Mrs. Harden, who ;was anxiously
watcaing It, gave a sigh of relief.
"i m so glad my 'babe ..,dn'.t die!"
she exclaimed. "I couldn't spare my
baby, I'd sooner have that snake
around the house than lots of men."
Dr. RIsenwald said that the snake
would surely recover, and prescribed
a diet of raw egga for it for two weeks,
after which it may eat anythlig except
Canton-flannel blankets.
'Ithe owner 6f the boa-constriotor con.
ducets a restaurant near Fifth avenue
and Wyandotte streets. She got the
reptile from a snake-chamrner who
codn't pay a board bill.-Kansas City
Rtar.
Under Water Eighteen Hours.
An Itaian Iventor has construicted
an apparatus which he calls a "iaethy-,
dole sphere," and by maeans of Whlch'
he professes to be able to deaeend to
any depth in the sea. He proved this
in a recent expedmien~t at Spezzla, but
he W'as nalebe to got the thing to as
cend. He stored about 2,000 cubic feet
of comnpressed air in 'the appartus,
and then, with two friends, It was
lowered to a depth of some thirty feet.
Nine hours passed, eand as the sphere
did not eiescend to the surface, a diver
was sent down, and found the sphere
resting on the boittoim, but got no reply
to his kltoeek. 'Then th phere was
,hauled up with mpre, ahd when the
door, was opened the Inventor was
tond wofith a livid face a3nd pad3 lly
baphyxiated. His two friendb were
found pneocnelous, blt were quickly
rssteeltamtedt -rhey .bad been under
,wate-rboat eighteen hours. 'The in
vetor  iy that the Jfnure In this In.
etncewas due to the facet that the air
pressare'.Was Dambitclute to expel the
iWedr :aast
Sure Way of Locating a Puncture.
I pid kltp t New . York the other
at sjoW . Ins gor riders a the
,heaf ; tted a ph~tOar wheelman.
'those whe )ate ahad tirelbls i flndlng
Toe kzpe' othe custontaa-y 'wey to locate
eptit&ures is 'to Immerse tibs 1v'b'Ce& in
a tatbef wwta'e. Whereelv the alr
rbles there;will be found the une
tore. n Isome *ase , haeawer, 'the air
presarke is not pu8letet to make the
eir .fibbleg, Z4 .eu of tis kind
upiwgIe sotiecln s ernests over 'tbe
if~~~~rt 41
lh~ etaiOh * Vc
~ , bieE1wI*J ro
41i~l 2
Fill a bottle or common water glass with
urine and let it stand twenty-four hours; a
sediment or settling indlecates a diseased con
dition of the kidneys. When 'urine stains
linen it is positive evidence of kidney trouble.
Too freqeunt desire to urinate or pain in the
back is also convincing proof that the kid
neys and bladder are out of order.
TWIIAT TO DO.
There is comfort in the knowledgeso often
expressed, that Dr. Kilmer's Swamp.Root,
the great kidney remedy, fulfills every wish
in relieving pain in the back, kidneys, liver,
bladder and every part of the urinary pas
sages. It corrects inability to hold urine
and ecalding pain in passlne it, or bad effects
flowing use of liquor, wine or beer, and
overcomes that unpleasant necesstit of being t
compelled to get up many times during the
nigit to urinate. The mild and the extraor
dinary effect of Swamp-Root is soon realized.
It stands the highest for its wonderful cures
of the most distressing cases. Sold by drug
gists, price fifty cents and one dollar. For
a sample bottle and pamphlet, both sent free
by mail, mention this paper and send your
full postoflice address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
Bingha:aton, N. Y. The proprietors of this
paper guarantee the genuineness of this offer.
There never was a time in the his.
tory of our country when educated
truly educated--len and women were
more in demand than now. Do not,
for a moment, suppose that your chil
dren can get along in the world with
out an education, simply because you
do. This is a new age. The surround
ings are different. The prospects are d
radically different.
From Hi* Standpegmt. G
"Have you come to see about why the c
garbage wasn't collected?" asked the
housewife.
"No, I ain't," replied the contractor's
agent, indignantly. "I've come to adu
out what business you people have to
make a complaint ever a little thing
like waitin' a week or two for the man
to come around. That's what I'pl here
tor."-Washington Star.
Nell-"Miss BJones uses French
phrases in the most peculiar manner."
Bell-"Does she?" Nell-"Yes, indeed!
Why, at breakfast yesterday I asked
her how she liked her eggs and she
said they were very chlck."-Philadel.
phia Record.
"Maria, hurry, for heaven's sake! The
whole back part of the house is gone
and the roof is blazing right over my
room! You haven't a second to lose!"
"How unreasonable you are, John! I
haven't my overgalters buttoned yet!"
--Chicago Tribune.
Manchester--The man I introduced
you to awhile ago is one of the most
noted hunters in the country. Birming
ham-I wculdn't have thought it from
his conversation. Manchester-It's
true, nevertheless. He is a fortune
hunter.-Pittsburg Chronicle.
Voice at the Telephone-Major, wfi
you please bring your family sad take
supper al th us next Sunday? Servant
Girl (replies back through telephone)
Master and mistrese are not in at pres
ent; but they can't come to supper, as
it's my Sunday out.-Boston Globe.
"What is the complainant's reputo
tion for truth and veracity?' asked the
lawyer. "It is generally good, I think,"
answered the witnesu, "tbough in telL
Ing about the size of the snakes he haa
killed, he seems to be inclined to go to
almost any length."-Indlanapolts Youe
nal.
Weary Walker-Say, what makes yeou
breathe so kind o' jerkin'? Born Tired
-Ain't you on to that? Weary Walk.
er--Naw, I ain't. Wot is it? Born
Tire-It's 'eause I'm .so humane.
e what it is. Ldon't want to work
oth me lungs at once.-Oleveland
Plain Dealer.
Simpson-Jones has. more relf-re.
ptralnt than any other man I know.
'bomPoson---HU he? Simpsonu-e;
be advised me not to bay that stock,
sad when he learned, afterward, that
i had dropped Eve thousand on It, hp
evor made 'the asllhtest alluslon to
the matter.--Patk.
SCHOOL BOOKS.
PEW. 25 U'D
Mnf4ey's Reevised tat Reader.........t o
Qfey Revied t Reader..... ... te a
ee e'artis4 ader ......... 420 25
Mc~ vs ~Revised 4th Reader......... e s
blna"a Emlement ary r...a........1. $ o
ers n ment ry lgenrb....r.... 1.00
nfor'db lmnry A"rtetio... ...... i Ito
'nford's Intermediate Arithtrotle.... , o
8snfords' Cwocamo school Arithmette.. Sio tS
btoblnsoe's Practleal Arithmetio........ e
Blrnes' U.. . Hlsto ..............$1.e. o
OEuae's U. . 0.o to .
Eteston's U. ...tory .. .............. 1.5 to
2038 First Ave,, 0IRtMItNHAM, ALA.
t'We buy old booka,
PIATEN 1m yeTar eteriau. en4i sktth
& svn55, noGill Butlaing, Watolgton, D. c.
IEO o,) -radi'c Ilea, o pile.
OrD hestor hiddeaTrares. M.D.'W
LER, Box MS", 80tLngatop. Conn.
Everything pertaintug
men aand fiuest t.
trl oaa r rqair de
leful attentatol e
.nail irdsera. laquirties
Ssoliicted.
THE LOOSLEY CYCLE 00..
" ' r B trtashamsa Ala.
Second H , -,.
ruTRKW4I¥ AOTORI
SFor s&d.
.ls 5t. +irUwbUI
. Otfkt*,.
W iLL StS8 i9 .T .A.r...U ,
::ras--in.
A1*·RO#W
THE
i ELECTRIC
STAR.
- Ttl' Thmost
f I7 i Wouderful
Dsicovery
Of Modern
Times.
/ Will
l .- Instantly
, elieve
and permanently :u:7 Rh:eumatlsm, Sciatica,
Atrophy of the musc'es. Varicose Veins,
Chilblains, Paralysis, Nearalgia, Dizz ne.s,
Melancholia, Cihills and Fever, etc. If stead
ily worn will prevent many forms of disease
peculiar to careles; exposure, and at the same
timoe vitalize and correLt the entire system.
Absolutely harmless, light and handy, it can
be carried in the poc:et. Never fails, never
wears out. Nothinglike t ever known befure.
Prrlce S1.00, by mallor sent C. O. D,
THE ELECTRIC STAR COMPANY,
11811183 Broadway, New York City.
FREE ftVULVLt FEE WIATC'H FREE! 138
1o ther rtinles. Cost nothing, Re
Gur offerr. a+ d p ,ersn hi t tu edPru an
il l u tl, e, wI ll werl l I t un 1Huwi
I*tc, L dolel A, If k w.r l al 7R ,r to 4 r: Hre
ol EA rlled ld I I 'e.a: 0 ~D tiApL ,liver pL t
tdui.oc I ,  lr, n . I L h tr t s I.ry InM
. l a.l& .U..'3 th l t St cr'at i. . t t .r
book s '.n sr+ecure e a 61o i r .ell~- r
D a .oe11 t ea t f. utsr pI ad Y tct
teu t ) EuU . III IAI . r n eL A t110 .
st- TTsi t d r' tat lt tai I? thr
Adr. jWinston Cli. Co, Wisto, N. C.
SaLouithera  . good co.,
Gleeoe, Ala., growers altd deotlera in teled Farnt,
Gardenl and Flotwer Seeds t.r Soutllerln crlirnl
Catalogue free.
'1 'I 1 "The true and Startling story u;
II / o , Who %(l1e 4 ena wnv@,
IO - Fuv l length llhstratlieon. A 'i:.
book Mu scule and Ire- Lry nljl lor
rvi eU ItO-CenIl Cfl hlrv fori po6slc.t , el:
... GEO. tslALI.t1.Y, Ioarus., Moe.
REASONS FOR USING
Walter Baker & Co.'s
Breakfast Cocoa.
1. Because it is absolutely pure.
2. Because it is not made by the so-called Dutch Process in
which chemicals are used.
3. Because beans of the finest quality are used.
4. Because it is made by a method which preserves unimpaired
the exquisite natural flavor and odor of the beans.
5. Because it is the most economical, costing less than one cent
a cup.
Be sure that you get the genuine article made by WALTER
BAKER & CO. Ltd., Dorchester, Mass. Established 1780.
I I l I I
THAT Listless, Aimless, Dul Lack
Lustre feeling of yours shows that your
internal machinery is running too slowly.
T Y ~LIVER IS LAZY
YOUR BOWELS are languid
BLOOD is sluggish
Get a move on without delay, or you'll be a very sick
person. Cescarets Candy Cathrtic make your liver.
lively, your bowels regular, your blood pure, move your
machi ery. Bay a box to-dayny drug store. toc., s e.,
soc., or maled for prlce. Write for booklet and tro
sample.
3 ,CANDY ;
! .CATHARTIC
swtm PCURE CHRONIC
CONSTIPATION.
oo1ns5 STERLING REMEDY COMPANY, CHICAGO; MONTREAL, CAN.I NEW YORK. Ss
.4
An Alabama druggist reports the ca of as oold cofederate soldier wrho
whepln $ : ; a ; ; ; ; : : : : : :
RIPANS TABULES
For a neighbor who lived eat by him in the country, told his own story,
as fellows: " ver daee I was in the army, where I contracted indigestton
and dyspepai from eating hard tack and sew belly, I have suffered much
from those and kindred ailments. A son of mine told me, while home on
a visit ver a year ago, to get some Ripmes Tabutes and take them. I
did, and in a very short time I was benefited. I have felt better, ate
mae and relished it better then it any time since the war, and am doing
more work nw thsn o Iver pectd te do ga. I tell yaou they arem the
OIREATEST MEDICINB FOR A FELLOW'U S STOMACH
I ever saw. We always bare thnm at home, and I always recommend
them when a fellow complains about his stomach hurting him.
.s wl setamp by & el '
PUBLISHINO HOUS ,'IO
1134 LoaItd Street, N, V. City, for it serves thes pupi f tehe pwst . gsaby0 1l
eostinga hundrle tUist.he Ue Iasked. It is comp'etely lndezed,amaking the s1I of knie
lastnttiilyiale. Wtith hijs val,. a- A able hook you have o ear wl yO o _ , '
ii, at ji matw' end, and en I e iily supply a" cL of ear duos'
tisbal audvautae. When reiding, • don't yoe coastantlY o earo# o Se ,er ..
tyou fall to uandstantd? Isn't De. a small amount to py for hav-IAg soi tWis .
i at Do A4? lou kaw who O sr.esusw, ian whee he lived? Who bullt the PrS.a# s
i :F ? ihtend trat s S1 teet per eeaadt What is the loaltst r*y In the wrld? Tt .:
101W6! ated tle compass ita)S, a$ who Marco Poo w a t t - Goria2 " "
gt" "i-e Ln i -i I booI st agioa l o n .e.t ju- r,-t
,  :f ,.--  ,--r  - .:- -,. .o , ,,':. . . ., , . . . : . , ,,
• .. !L! 7,, ..,,-< """'-2 ,>ll F ,:. .. ..: - ., . ', , . .-.: - . - . " i' . ..  :.
0oELREE'8
SINE
OF
ARDU
U' - .;.PS RELIEF
for monthly pains in the sides,
hips, back, neck, shoulder;,
head and limbs.
These pains are symptoms of
dangerous derangements pecul
lar to women.
lMcElrec's Wine of Cardui cor
rects these derange;nents, cures
Whitcsand falling of the Womb,
relieves Supprecsed Menstrua.
tion and f~oding, quiets the
nerves and brings happiness to
afficted women.
For Sale by Meaictae Dealers as
OYE DOLLAR A ROTTLE