It is a Pleasure
To recommend Hood's Sarsaparilla to all
afflicted with blood or skin diseases. My
blood was out of order, and I suffered for
years from psoriasis. I tried several
remedies without benefit. After taking
Hood's Sarsaparilla
for two months I was restored to my for
mer good health and feel like a different
person. As a blood purifier I think
Hood's arsaparilla has no equal."
Cas. L. COCKELREAS, Irving, Illinois.
Hood's Pills "ap hrmosnouh wilth
11 wvl'a ,ar.S n'rllsa. se
A few
Doses of
D~Hobb's
para s
yPills
will relieve
Pains in your Back. Sides,
Muscles, Joints, Head. etc.
and all Kidney Troubles;
Rheumatism, Gout, An
aemia, and other Blood
Troubles, cat sed by sick
kidneys.
A few boxes will
cure.
All drurgists, or mailed
postpaid for 50c. per box.
Write for pansphlet.
-OBB'S MEDICINE CO.,
Cnmcago San Franc sc.
It your skirt edges
wear out, it's because you don't use
BIAS VELVETEEN
SKIRT BINDINGS
Its easy to prove it for yourself.
Don't take say binding unless you see
SS. H. & M1." on the label, no matter
what anybody tells you.
If your dmelr will not supply you, we
w11.
Senl for samples, showinar tbels ndmattials,
to the H. L & M. Co.. P. O. Hoa 69,. New York City.
W ' aPair I H UIIST AWARD.
JNPERIALI
Always WINS HOSTS of
FIENDS wherever Its
Superior Merits becomc
kenpw. Itis the Sa
t..a o do tiea a. seelhesY o a
umn ( 4bo he mUb pese-Jio .
oellj9e eaus as) -
A Nu l r theE ea'MdrywgcRmei
r 5. 1~ Da.s. -T.in, :, -., .
¶wLsieemuh
L~em
a;~~k P~ii~jhi'
Lr _\~ u~w.V.u l
9.10·
£aammI~ 3uoP 55 etBar
73ot ineiivaint M~s
J~u-gu~S. -F~-L~
.?:.: 'r555
INFLUENCE OP A SONO.
It Caased Artist J. (1 Brown to Emilrate
to Americe and Brought GoodLack.
After thirteen months in Edinburgh
he went to London. Every young man
in the United Kingdom with a partic
ularly brainy heaa, and a fins plucky
confidence in his ability to hew out his
fortunes, drifts to London, just as in
America clever young fellows from all
parts of the country come to New
York.
There in the vast metropolis the
young art student made designs for a
manufacturer of stained glass windows
and also painted portraits. He was
getting away from the glass factory a
little, and was taking a stronger hold
on art. He was perfectly willing to
paint a portrait for $8 or $10. He
could finish two of them a week.
One night he heard Harry Russell
sing some of his emigrant songs. Rus
sell was a concert singer of those days;
he had a sympathetic voice and sang
popular songs. That settled it for
young Brown. He would emigrate. He
must "cross the wide blue sea." And
he did. He arrived at New York on
his twenty-second birthday, and he
has been here ever since. As usual,
when he made a change from one place
to another, he at once sought for the art
instruction in the new field. His three
pound prize and his portrait painting
at $10 a portrait had not yet enabled
him to sink the artisan and be only
the artist. So he got employment in a
glass factory, and went to the night
classes of the Academy of Design, then
on the southwest corner of Broadway
and Thirteenth street. Thomas S.
Cummings had charge of these classes
at that time.
So far young Brown's career had been
very like that of the good young man
in the story books. Now, in the story
books, the good young man, as a rule,
marries his employer's daughter. So
that though this is always a most beau
tiful and delightful thing, it does not
seem thrillingly novel or original on
the part of the hero. Still, this is
what J. G. Brown did some two years
after he arrived in America. He mar
ried Miss Owens, the daughter of his
employer. Then he went to live in
Brooklyn, where Mr. Brown took a
studio on Atlantic and Clinton streets.
And after they had been married one
year Mr. Owens died, and a year later
came the panic of 1857, in which what
ever property the Owens family had
was lost. Mr. Brown is ever so much
better able to ensure these hard times
today, when he is sixty-three, than he
was when he was twenty-six. But he
went ahead, with the grit that has al
ways marked him, painting portraits,
and about this time he began to paint
children, pictures of little boys and
girls, with a "story" in them. His
fondness for this class of subjects
brought it about that after a while he
was spoken of as "The Child Painter."
He is still entitled to this appellation,
though his "tough" little newsboys and
bootblacks are almost too bold and in
dependent to be styled children. Most
of them are little men.
When La Volte Was Danced.
Southey, in his "Commonplace
Book," II. 327, says Gifford, shows that
the waltz of the present day is La Vo~te,
of which our ancestors, two centuries
ago, became either tired or ashamed.
This dance was first introduced at the
court of Henry II. at Fontainebleau,
in 1555, by the Comte de Sault, and its
history is thus stated by Vincent Car
loix In the memoirs of his master,
Marechal de Vlellleville: "He (the
Comte de Sault) had the principal
vogue in a ball royal for his fondness
for dancing and his good grace; so that
be introduced at court a sort of dance
called 'La Volts de Provence,' which
had never been danced there, and
which has afterward had a great run
throughout the kingdom. It has also
been said that he invented it, for many
called it 'La Volte de 8ault'; and this
name is suitable, both because of the
etymology of the word and the char
arcter of the dance. 'sCar l'hemme et la
rasme s'estant enbrasse toes-Jours de
trols en quatre pas, taat que la dance
ture, ane font que torner, virer, s'entre
sn lever, et beoandir. Mt at eette dance,
quand .ll est bem eases par person
as expertes tre aneable.' "
ents aad eslpe.
When the name of Christ becomes
werything to a Christian, it wl!l do
sverything for him.
If anyone has a right to always be
strong and of a good courage, it is the
nan who knows that Christ has saved
him.
Whenever we know that God has sent
us, we may also know that he has gone
before us.
Great things may be done by the
weakest.
Our Christian life is a failure, if the
charch to which we belong is not made
stronger by our membership.
If we "walk in the light as he is in
the light," we shall be made a blessing
to somebody who sits in darkness.
No matter where he is, the man has
an easy place who loves to do God's
wirlll.
No hstan is strong who is not
'app. "The Joy of the Lord is the
rength of the righteous."-Ram's
Born.
umame sseenm asp.
The prtingeld Republiena tells the
tay ef a bhey t( Boten, aged 6, who
emi to have as lmaunative mind as
well as a humaae dispealtiem.
Recantly ble mother notleed that at
tm everya night he laid his little
*e together ap tber e4, instead
t settu them upight.
"PLam tellM mes wb y always pee
m hests La that w ," she saml
"Wra." a ,hre the lUttle he. "t s
mise thea ie b e tie wang se
ep~ res t.
NM Nfot s.lomg to an Anti-Treat UoetetpI
Boston has a new cultured-dog story.
Pete, as his mistress rails him, greatly
enjoys the society of his kind, and I
has very pronounced ideas regarding 1
the selection of his playmates. One
day recoatly he made the acquaintance
of a canine of the ordinary ,.yaller" (
I variety and extended to him the cour- I
tesies of his home. gravely conducting :
him through the kitchen and dining
room to his particular corner in the .
sitting room, snarling in remonstrance
at his mistress' efforts to erect the in- i
truder. Late in the afternoon Pete :
tras heard in the kitchen scratching I
On the sink, as is his wont when he 1
wants a drink; but when a basin of s
water was placed upon the floor for
him. Pete walked behind the stove and
brought forth the other dog. Pete
was not thirsty, but stood by wagging
his tail in satisfaction while the
stranger drank copiously.
A Tea arnl,.
Burrell Bond, a negro and ex-sive. 1
but now a prosperous farmer, last
week carried 30;0 pounds of tea to
Memphi,. which he had grown on his
place in the St. Francis basin, Arkan
sas. Two years ago Bond bought the
seed in New Orleans and planted it.
The crop last year was good, but this
year the yield was splendid. The tea
Was tested by a local expert and pro
nounced to be of a good grade. Bond
will engage extensively in tea culture:i
hext year. lie has made arrange
mnents with an educated negro to read
to him several papers on tea culture.
This is the first tea ever raised in the 1
state of Arkansas.
A Young Thief.
Patterson, N. J., has an 8-year-old
boy, who. in spite of his tender years,
is a veteran horse thief. He was be
fore the courts the other day charged
with two offenses of the sort. His
parents said that he was incorrigible, I
and they were not able to control him,
but the court discharged him out of
regard of his youth.
Is'i4e Witne.see.
There are knaves now and then met with
who represent certain lcal bitters and poison
oust stimuli as identlcal with or possessing
properties akiin to those of Htostetter's Stom i
ach Bitters. 'Ihese scamps only succeed in
foisting their trashy compounds upon people I
nacsquainted with the genuine article. Whhh i"
is as much their opposite as dar is to night.
Ask and take no substitute for the grand rem
edy for malaria, d) spepsia, constipation, rheu
matistem and kinney trouble.
When you hear a man talking about
having the beet wife on earth, it is time to
watch how he treats her.
A Child Enjoys
The pleasant flavor, gentle action and
esothing effects of Syrup of Figs, when in
seed of a laxative, and if the father or
mother be costive or bilious, the most
gratifying results follow its use; so that it
is the best family remedy known, and every
family should have a bottle on hand.
Truth, like cork, will be uplermost one
time or other.
Slow's This t
We offer One Hundred Dollars reward
for any case of Catarrh that cannot be
cured by Hall's catarrh Cure.
F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.
We, the undersigned, have known F.
J. Cheney for the last 15 years, and be
lieve him perfectly honorable in all
business transactions. and financially
able to carry out any obligations made
by their firm.
WALDINtI. KINNAN & MARVIN,
Wholesale Druggists. Toledo, Ohio.
Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internal
ly, acting directly upon the blood and
mucous surfaces of the system. Testl
monials sent free. Price. 75c per bottle.
Sold by all druggists.
Hall's Family Pills, :5c.
Turtles Not ViYls.
The New York customs officers
have ruled that the sea turtle is not
a fish, not even a shell fish, and an
enterprising turtle catcher has been
made to shell out duty on them.
mreargn Double Csprcity.
In the year 1894 the De Kalb Fence
Co. of De Kalb, Ill., doubled the ca
pacity for producing their lines over
1393, which gave them an output of
Sd miles per day. The demand for their
goods has been so great the past sea
son, that in order to be able to supply
their trade, they have been compelled
this year to double the capacity of 1894,
which now gives them an output of 40
aUetips per day.
This in itself speaks well for their
product and merits the attention and
inspection of our readers, and all that
are in need of smooth wire fencing of
any kind, and it will be to your inter
eat to write for their catalogue which
describes in detail their goods, com
prislg the largest and most complete
ines of smooth wire fencing now pro
duced by any one plant in the country.
See their ad in another column of this
paper.
The truly great man is apt to forgive as
his power is able to revenge.
Picked Up In Church
Grace before Meat.
There's a difference between being full of thanks.
giving, and being full of Thanksgiving dainties.
But the one thing generally leads to the other. How
can it be helped when the turkey is so good, and the
pie so enticing? Here's a helpful hint. For that
full feeling after Thanksgiving - take a pill. Not
any pill, mind you. There are pills that won't help
you. Take the pill that will. It's known as Ayer's
Pill - and it's perfect. It is sugar-coated, pleasant
to the palate, and its operation, like that of nature,
is effective and without violence. Keep this in your m ead
mind if you want to enjoy the holiday season: useG P o
Grace before meat, but a Pill after Pie. .OAP. ats emmw
THE N. K. FAIRBANK COMPANY, lt. Louis.
Bet Fsaclnater4.
The young king of Spain saw his
first bull fight the ether day. His
mother, who has a horror of the bru
tal sport, postponed the event as long
as possible; but even she was snable
to override the ancient court prece
dent that prescribes attendance on
bull fights as part of the education of
a Christian monarch. The little chap
viewed the sport without betraying
any enthusiasm, and departed without
rewarding the successful matador, in -
accordance with custom. And some
Spaniards, therefore, fear that he may
bring discredit on his order and race
by taking a stand against the national
sport when he grows to man's estate. I
Coold Do Without It.
Tammas had a friend stopping with
him during the holidays and took
him up to the hill of 14. to have a look ;
round. Arriving at the seat, they sat
down, wuen his friend remarked,
hlHero we have come to view the
beauties of nature and I have come
away without a glass (telescope)," to *
which Tammas made answer, "Dinna
fash yersel' about a glass, 'cause I
can just as weed take a sook oot o'
the bottle."
('ertaIniy.
Mayor I)avis of Kansas City, Mo.,
forgot to pay his taxes last year. and
was indignant the other day to find
that his residence had been sold.
INCREASE YOUR INCOME
by careful investments in grain through a
responsible firm of large experience and
great success. Will send you particulars
free showing how a small amount of money
can be easily multiplied by successful in
vestments. fighest Bank references. Op
portunities excellent. Pattison & Co.,
Bankers and Brokers, Room W, Omaha
Building, Chicago
The secret of p.opularity is to occassional
ly give the other fellow a chance to tell
what ails him.
MERCURIAL
* " POISON
Is the result of the usual treatment of blood
disorders. The system is filled with Mercury and
Potash remedies-more to be dreaded than the
disease--and in a short while i in a far worse
condition than before. The common nrmul is
RHEUMATISIM
f or a ch S.S.S. is the moat reliable caure. A few
bottlws will afford relief where all else has failed.
I suferc l from a severe attack of Mercurial
Beumstiim. miy ram and les being swollen
to twice their natural size, causinotbse must
excrneiating pains. I spent hundreds of dollors ,
wilhout relief, but after taking a few bottles of
SS S improed rapidly and am
now welhnA ..complete
ly cured. I can heartily
recommend it to any one
suffering from thisl najt
dimsese. W. I. DA
Brooklyn Elevated ].&L
our Treatise as iold and Skin Diwa ses n bfee to ~ny
address. SWIFT SPECIFIC CO.. Aanta. Ga.
NEEDLES, f ,VNIA' ul00 oO.I ,Oy.
SHUTTLES, The"'Traebupp"i
SHUTT S e for whole e pr ce
REPAIRS. Il"i .L'"l°.
W N U DALLAS. 48-95
When Answering Advertisements Kindly
Mention this Paper.
1"I Cnoemim bc e Ibe wsrll bemtr, tw oe  r, aly Iomsn."
TflEYOUTH's COMPANION
" 82 Tims a Year." Subscripti, $1.7S.
The Volume of The Companion for 1896--the 70oth year of its publication - will give weekly entertainment and
instruction in abundance for every member of the family.
Six Holiday 700 For all
Numbers. Large Pages. the Family.
8pecial Souvenlr Numbers, doable Ia The size of The Companion page ia Both y~ueg aa l 1a fd It each
Ssandj appropriate to each seases, four times that of the leading Maga- week's Issue amasomet and educatis
are published at Thanksgiving, Christ- sincs. In each Volume nearly 700o i the Serial sad Shot teries, Ia Its
, ew Yrs,New Yr's, Wahto's Birth- pages are gives, profusely illustrated. Kditeruals, Anecdotes, easlth sal
day, Easter sad Fourth of July. Only z.75 a year. cellaeuos Artices.
More than aoo Famous Men and Women have contributed to the next Volume of THE COMPANION.
Send for Full Illustrated Prospectus and Sample Copies Free.
5a0w ExARKABLE OFFR! SEND
50 - e w aSubscribers who will cut out this slip sad wal it AT OC0 S
with saurme sad areas, sad 1.75, will receive:
FRE - The Teuth's Companion every week till January s, :5,. thi slip with
. CUENDAR lUPE - Thanksgiving, Christmas, New Tear's Double Numbers.
.P E - Our aIoa4sme041- pag Caleodar (7 zo m dches), ith 1
" r AND TN COMPANWIO ss weeks, a fill year, to January r, Ag. I A9 N
STHE YOUTH'S COMPANION, so0 Columbus Avenue, Boston, Mass.
Sal Chek, prt-O flce or xars Order, or Regtere tte, at r isak.
O -O-O--O -O ---O-O-O-O-,-O-O-l ,O-6"
Highest of all in Leavening Power.-Latest VI. S. Govt Report
SBaking
RY Powder
ABSoLUTELY PURE
A young lady of Milan sued a man, 1
a perfect stranger, for having kissed
her on the street. When the case
was called, the young lady entered
the witness box to give her testimony,
and the judge at once dismissed the
defendant. declaring that she was so,
pretty that no man coued be blamed
for kissing her. 'Ther plaintit was
very much pleased with the ralinZ.
1su e lnng %nrf'ie.
The surface of a man's lungs is es
timated at 15') feet, ten times more
than the entire external surface of
the bod y.
A Por Ms .
They say that the king of the 11el
glans has lost pretty weil all his own
private fortune in the Congo Free
state business.
A big man groans most when he gets
sick, there is more of him to suffer.
I believe lI'l~o' ('ure for Consumption
saved my boy's life last summer.-Mrs.
AI.m as DI)ojGLAs. LeRoy, Mich., Oct. 0, '94.
If you have a job during dull times, be
sure that you keep it.
,T -.prize bighla sad chl mp i eery contti l
RHEUMATIC PAIN8
IL It kcs out in every 9 i s ~OnS its bt Its
bTLtL WEB PICKET FENCE. GABLED FIELD AND HOB FENCE.
Ale. C'ALSe POULTRY. ,SAIDl AS RABBIT El CS.
We aantuacture a eompleti piae of Smooth Wire F eai a a araei e every art ule I. M ee
eaget. If you cgaider quadty we oa save you moaey. CatalgsaO Ifro.
De Kalb Fence Co., 121 High Sret, ILL.
Timely Warning.
The great success of the chocolate preparations of
the house of Walter Baker & Co. (established
in 1780) has led to the placing on the market
many misleading and unscrupulous imitations
of their name, labels, and wrappers. Walter
Baker & Co. are the oldest and largest manu
facturers of pure and high-grade Cocoas and
Chocolates on this continent. No chemicals are
used in their manufactures.
Consumers should ask for, and be sure that
they get, the genuine Walter Baker & Co.'s goods.
WALTER BAKER & CO., Limited,
DORCHIESTER. MASS.
Those who have no money are nc t always
poor; those who have are se'dom rich.
Too many people in the church would
rather be comets than stars of Bethlehem.
If the Baby Is Cutting Teeth.
be smre and use that old and well tried remedy, m.
Wxst.ow's SuoVI.so start for Children Teething
It is the way we employ the odd minutes
that counts for or against us in the end.
VITS--All Fits stopprd free by Dr. Kline's GYM
irerve Restorer. No Fitsaftrr the Srt lrays use
_Iar ,elouscurel. Trr at ,se an ,I Sitr:al bottle lresio
1' caa. t>-,l tobr. Ki r.u,9Sl fr.A~tL..AI5.., Pb
No man likes to hear a woman he ad
mires use poker phrases.
Many Influences combine to reduce health
to the danger limit The reviving properties et
Parker s ,tnger Tooln best overcome these We
The time in which we are now living is
called the "Trousers age."
Every one knows how is is
to sufer with ooearns, and they are notoomdacive t
graceful walking. Remove them with Hiindtereera
Anything will do to gamble with. This
year it is cotton.
"lraaon's ogSto Corn Salve."
Warranted to care or money retuaded. Ask g
ruggst for it.L Prics leta.
Professional mischief makers are ales
much given to match making.
J m m s m s '-