ORCHARD LANDS OF LONG AGO.
The orchard lands of long ago'
Oh, drowsy winds, awake and blow
The snowy blossoms back to me
And all the buds that used to be!
Blow back again the grassy ways,
Oh, truant feet, and lift the haze
Of happy summer from the trees
That trail their tresses in the seas
Of grain that float and overflow
The orchard lands of long ago!
Blow back the melody that slips
In lazy laughter from the lips
That marvel much that any kiss
Is sweeter than the apple is.
Blow back the twitter of the birds;
The lisp, the thrills and the words
Of merriment that found the shrine
Of summer time a glorious wine
That drenched the leaves that loved
it so
In orchard lands of long ago.
Oh, memory alight and sing
Where round and rosy pippins cling
And gdilden russets glint and gleam
As in the old Aratbiana'ream
The fruits of that enchanted tree
The glad Aladdin roblbed for me:
And drowsy winds, awake and fan
My blood as when it overran
A heart ripe as the apples grow,
In orchard lands of long ago.
-James Whitcomb Riley.
A QUIET LIFE.
It was the third of December, and the
fourth was fixed for my wedding day.
o'or some weeks the weather had been
bitterly cold, we had had one heavy
tall of snow, then a few days of hard
frost, and now the air was again tilled
with large feathery flakes. At four,
o'clock, when I went to my own room.
wearied out both in mind and body, it!
was nearly dark.
My uncle's house, of which I had been
an inmate for many years-for 1 was
an orphan-was in a remote part of
Cambridgeshire, five miles from a
town, and it may be easily imagined
what an event a wedding was in such
a quiet village. Everyone, including
myself, the bride elect, had to work
hard for days beforehand, and my aunt,
had little sympathy for the weak or
idle.
Tho or three guests had arrived, and
as there nowt seemed nothing more to
be done excepting to entertain them, I
was sent up stairs to rest until seven
o'clock, when my intended husband
and his groomsman were expected.
TIl' dog-cart was to be sent to meet
them at Eldon station, about three
miles off.
I found the unusual luxury of a
bright ire burning in my grate, and an
easy-chAir cosily drawn up to' it. For
a momeht or two I warmed my frozen
ilngers, and then I went up to the win.
ow, and leaning my cold forehead
galpsIthe colder pane, looked out upon
the qreary landscape. Now the mo
ment was come in which to realize my
position.
F cwveeks 1 had been in a dream
""i f: r hOpeless creature, carried
.alon, as it seemed, by the will of
others to a certain end-now on the eve
of ay 'wedding day I felt miserably
awake. Could there, then, be no re.
spite--fothing to hope for?
'Ah, Harry! Harry!" I exclaimed,
"4 '4afeyou now?7' Why this long,
llg- hfhewithlut a word? Have I
not, in spite of taunts and entreaties,
walted the seven years I promised and
more? Was it not only when the bread
of i eJ , Wtgsw too bitter, and no
us j~C~rper!nii~e d e for earning my
o*6i-lvellbood--when no hope re.
mrained of seeing you again-that 1
.Twlee I had refused, Mr. Denton's'
badm What toold I do when he offer
ei t the third time? Heaven knows 1
Mh .t Lake him a good wife. I am
.t Si-toa hlm, for why shogld ,ho
ajlli~l without a penny, and
no heart worth having? They say I
:': . a ettre y face; I suppose it was
nesed to Ike my blue eyes
Syears ago.
'hls is the last ig~ht I may think of
yqarj.l the any lad I loved so
eli ' Where are you now? Still be
yasd the wide Attantic, striving for the
nmDeme to enable as to tharry? or, as
(hey woMd wish me to believe, dead?
i m oa sore distress, Harry. Surely,
"enud up as we were In one aniother,
any spirit can hardly thus be moved
itosut stlrring some chord in yours,
'jterer. you may be-whether in far
of in that sill stranger and
& dahi'bt eoantry from whence
Straveler returns?
'0o4 help m," I eried in my angulsh:
-"o0 help me, I sorely need itr'
•then I opened the window and looked
put wer the Sat country lying so sti l
kritwhijt itroq;: and I gaszed up into
tei' ta, stony sky, but it was obh
ni.4 :by the .flakes of snow, whleh
:'Il doW thickier and thicker until
Sat~. I ,aothlng else was to be seen In
Cl'ci och came, and the groom had
t'ut uei~e4 from the station. Old
:lt gatrilener, who had man
starstrgle in from his cottaga
ah tn a rei yarda' distance, gave
t 'Us:In :O:lnoa that they would not
6%s, bles you, sir," he said, "James
b:keL~w ht he's about, and he'd never
rake1sig151don Moor such weathr
" Was:ti smueh as thir Ives are
measaln. .
fOrone nibl;_
i ~~nt hve them
.. r tISp ati iho
,As 1O~eh
taken ill. Had I not had pains in all
my limbs, and was not my head burn.
ing already':"
I rose several times during the night,
and !ooked out. Still snowing heavily,
as far as I could see. In the morning
there was no change,and a very gloomy
and depressed party met at the break
fast table. A few unsuccessful at
tempts were made to be cheerful during
the meal, but when it was over all was
silence, except an occasional whisper
from one of the anxious faces at the
windows, trying vainly to peer through
the thick white veil.
That it was useless to dress all had
agreed, and, wrapped in a large shawl,
1 lay down on the sofa by the fire,with
my eyes fixed on the clock. Ten o'clock
-eleven. At the half hour my heart al.
most stopped beating. Twelve o'clock
at last--and so the reprieve had come.
But hardly had the stroke sounded
when a maid-servant burst into the
room.
"Come quick, sir; there is a messen.
ger."
My aunt and uncle followed her
quickly. I rose also, but staggered and
sagk back on the sofa.
"Sit still, Nellie," said my bridesmaid,
Mary Lee; "L'll come and tell you
all about it," and she ran after them,
followed by the other guests.
They seemed a long time away, and
at last I got up and like one in a dream
groped my way to the kitchen.
It was a large, gloomy place at any
time, and that morning there was no
light from without, the panes were so
blocked up with snow; only the fire
lighted up the group before me. The
messenger-a tall, strong navvy, - but
evidently much exhausted-sat by the
hearth, the melting snow forming a
pool around him. My aunt, seated at
the table, looked as if she were faint
ing, while my uncle questioned the man
in a subdued voice. Every face looked
pale and horrified.
"What is the matter?" I asked, and
my voice sounded to myself as if it
were a long way off.
"There has been an accident with the
dog-cart, Nellie," said Mary Lee, gently
putting her arm around me.
.'[s any one hurt?"
A pause.
"Mr. Denton is hurt, my dear," said
my uncle.
"Much?" I whispered, for my voles
seemed to have gone from me.
I looked from one to the other as' no
i answer came, and then my uncle tried
to lead me away.
I understood how it was.
"He Is dead!" I said, and I fell heav
ily on the stone floor.
It is about two years since I wrote
anything in my diary, for I seem now
too busy to attend to it, and yet things
have altered very much in the last two
years. My surroundings are changed,
and I truit there is a change for the
better in myself. During that long ill
ness, which followed that awful snow.
storm, my aunt heard of the death of
her son-in-lay in India, my cousin Ed
Ith's husband, and it was arranged for
the widow and her only child to return
to the old home. This rendered my
presence even less necessary than ever,
and made it all the more easy for my
dear old friend and doetor to propose
a scheme he had formed for the mutual
benefit of his wife and myself, as he
kindly put' it.
It was for me to live with them as
companion, housekeeper, and in fact
daughter, for they never Yad children
of their own, and his wife was a con
Afirmed invalid.* With this new home,
health rturned to body and mind.
For some years I had lived in a world
of my own, with but one object and
one end In velw. I thought I tried to do
my duty-to bear patiently the monoto
nous routing of my unele's house-not
to reply to my aunt's harsh words. I
taught in fte schools, made flannels for
the poor, and yet I lived really and
truly for myself, with but little sym.
pathy for those immediately firound
me.
There was a different :tmosphere in
Dr. Fanshawe's house. His noble, un
tiring work among the sick and suffer
ing filled me with wonder and admira
tion, and so did the patience and unsel
fishness of his gentle, ladylike wife.whn
had been confined to her Couch with a
spinal complaint for many years.,
In a few months, however, came a
great trial. Tihe strong man fell sick,
and died; I nursed him to the last, and
I promised never to leave his poor wife.
It was a sad blow to her at first, but
borne with her usual quiet resignation.
Now she is quite .cheerful again. 1
know she thinks her time here will be
but short, and the hope of a happy
meeting with him she loved is her chief
solace. I, too, am resigned and happy.
The: doctor's will has removed one
source of anxiety as to the future, and
I am now eight "and twenty, and feel
thait I can settle down thankfully in
that state of life in which it has pleased
God to place me.
Here I was interrupted by a ring at.
the bell, and a note. To my great sur
I prise it was from Mrs. Leedon (Harry's
mother), asking me to call upon her in
the afternoon. What could she want?
Nine years ago she and my aunt btokle
off the engagement between Harry and
me.
After our early dinner I made the in.
alid coamfortable for her afternoon
nap, and started for-my two-mile walk.
A bright, winter afternoon, clear; pale
sky, hard roads and glittering boar
frhst lying on trees and hedges. I soon
reached Mrs. Leedon's cottage. 8he
ioeked, I thought, much aged, and
ithlw* was an Uanusual nervousness in
her manner. After a little attempt at
cplversation,, she said:
"~len, I hope what happened some
. a~yep ag5 yon gave me, at leaat, careditl
the (ensemtfotus motives?
5 "A L tepe llefhaautly, "that
U loug iist, andl have as wish to
jtt
: sUt, m 4ee~ ~J'.u u~t,$gb ~,e no
what an imprudent thing an engage.
ment would have been."
I rose to go.
"It is all over, Mrs. Leedou, I repeat.
Right or wrong, what was then done
can never be undone."
"Stay a moment. Ellen. What I have
to tell you is of such importakce that
I must beg you to hear me patiently."
She took me by the hand and drew
me to the sofa by her.
"At that time 1 acted, as I still think,
for the best; but two years ago, I fear
I made a mistakeJthat is, your aunt
and I. Soon after your engagement to
Mr. Denton, I received a letter from my
son, considerably after date, inclosing
one for you. He told me that he pur.
posed coming home in a few months.
and, as he had now an appointment
which would enable him to marry, he
hoped to persuade you to return with
him as his wife. As your uncle had
forbidden any correspondence, he in
closed the letter for you In mine."
I sprang to my feet.
"And why did I not have that let
ter?'
"Be calm, Ellen. Indeed, my dear, I
am now very sorry. I took my letter to
show to your uncle and aunt, and by
their advice destroyed the inclosure.
They thought you were at last settled
in your mind, and happy, and, of
course, wished to avoid such a terrible
upset as a renewal of the past would
have caused."
Her eyes were full of tears as she
accompanied me to the door.
"Try to forgive me, Nellie. I would
give much for you to meet each other
again. At all events, he knows the
truth now. Don't think too hardly of
me!"
As I crossed the field which lay be
tween Mrs. Leedou's house and the
high road my mind was full of confu
sion; grief and indignation predominat.
ed, and then a wild hope suddenly
sprang up, but that brought me to my.
self. "This madness," I thou it; "I
am but laying the foundation fodfutuire
disappointment and sorrow."
Before I passed through the gate I
folded my hands upon it, closed my
eyes and muttered "Thy will be done"
then I dried my eyes and walked quick
ly homeward. As I gazed round on the
wide, flat fields and the straight road,
I could not help likening the landscape
to my life. Sameness, monotony, and,
when it should please God to taie my
one kind friend from me, great lonel.
ness. And yet I need not be unhappy:
summer would cbme in its season to
brighten the fields, and even now the
hoar frost was sparkling in the sun.
And then I had the privilege 'of a
straight path of duty which could not
be mistaken.
The road seemed long to stretch on
to the horizon, and straight before me
'the sun, round and crimson, had just
touched the earth. The road was very
lonely, and as I could only see one soli
tary' human being approaching me in
the distance, I quickened my st'eps, for
Mrs. Fanshawe was apt to be nervous
when I was out late. As he approached
1 perceived it was a tall man, wrapped
in a plaid. My eyes were too much daz
zled by the sun for me to see his face,
but I thought he was looking earnestly
at me. Hie walked a few steps past
me, and then returned, saying:
"Will you kindly direct me to Mrs.
Leedon's cottage, at Earlswood?"
I turned round and looked at him,
then I involuntarily held out my hands.
They were warmly clasped, and in a
moment I was pressed to his breast.
"Harry!"
"Nelly, darling, are you glad to see
me again?" '
"Yes," I answered softly. And so we
met after many long years, never to
part again.
Hidden Treasure.
Adventurers who seek mere gold,
without reference to art. should turn
to Peru. To aegln with. the remainder
of the tncas' ransom is buried some
where in the mouitains between Caxa
marca and Cuzco., We may confidently
assume that it has not been discovered,
for Jf put into circulation at home
the money market would have been
convulsedl, whereas the finders would
have no reason for keeping the secret
had they got safely to Europe. As for
the evidence of deposit, there is Pizar
ro's oficial report that his comrades
would not wait until the celebrated
room was full. They were too impa
tient to murder their captive, though
they knew that the bullion levied upon
the temple at Cuzco was on its way,
transported by 100,000 llamas, each
carrying 100 pounds of purest gold. The
figure is not lmcredible, seeing how
much remained when the conquista
dores sacked Cuzco. News of the mur
der reached that precious caravan in
the mountains; forthwith the prfests
buried their gold and returned with the
expedition. Every one concerned in
the expedition who could not be Iden
tified was tortured to death, but none
would speak. Such is the contempo
rary account. But we observe that
Sir Clemerts Markham, president of
the Ryal Geographical 'Rlociety, ob
tailmed some information during his
memorable expeditioni to Peru. He
states, as if It were -wtl known in the
neighborhood, that the caravan left the
highway at a spot now called Azan
jaro-a name which people derive from
the Indian "Asuan caran," meaning
more distant. "Away from the road!"
cried the priests. "Further away!"
One always feels thie strongest reluc
tance to accept derivations of a place
name from a spoken word. But it is
not impossible nor improbable that in
the course of centuries some hint of a
secret which must be known to many
Indians should have leaked out. This
clue does not carry one far, however,
among the peaks and caverns of the
Andes, even if it be trustworthy.- t:lI
Th tiniversities and colleges of As:.
tris afford employment to 1430 profes.
sor , .
COD NAI S IN CONGRESS.
AW \'s' in';tn News';paper 'zs Fu:i Wit!
t'-.e Repreee :t: tive :E'est.
I';:: . \\. '."':i::g tl ! 1' :t laih!; l ýI' t;te
ýolh-w\im; ý','V )int:n ýl .:n: ý!hent of
th lo ::., (lu ", 'I of t!:. ::\; I 1e. f
;;++,Z(. vit ' l!:. (' )111"1'' 1:1:1 '" ilt' ItM SI,`l'
lil:i(il'it ', w-h:'ttever lit t !:s 1l:."s, "'.l
innit'ion, the, lilimt ,i!" the ep ll'~"<m:tn
+:,('; . o \: ( r!'1',\" 1'."'\t als r t l ; S t;1
.:!11ry 11 " : Itli ( .:I . ' - .l ;`' 1: 11 "t +.,`"' :11,:1 n
t ne.l nr I 1111` I.I i ' . .a l:'i:o(I i' i
;11 '1i' rl{t i'i .+t o .k!',!" :1 l'],\'l t;l+. lr l
' - l;::i :: l. ::1 t' ;iLx l 'i i. : tl:'i. a
1 qiopl ill .110 ig: .'i :t Hl",.;l:" hin Ohilo.
l ivtl (w'o o to':"s. "'t, ' frl;.1 a :m l hill
atI h r fI':a \\'i'' ý.i:1: trw o 'l': l'i ,' .
o110 frro -1 ()fii tial I Ihe atlher frl't!ll .\l
h!a :: foiir 5imiits. I wo froihl Mic.i;-:tn
and olne c:l'!h fruni liliniiis nil Atri
l:1. .\1 Miller l("!ies froai W et'.t Vir
gi:!.a ut lin I :l:s fultrn:ish5li, .lls. 11
lihois also) h:- a; lut Ii New ,1 '\\ ;t'
111 1"; 111 r lh ':i'li la c.:c(.h a 1'ow( ,'.:
nut iPt, llll' +t-i:t contrt-ibutit o lto,
hiis.
"TI'e littile New En.u!i.ll1 l'Ilt`e of
lhoal, Islai! settls a liall. V hr:inia :
l.anil),amb. North (Crollia a 1 Martin. Mis
":::silpi ii Pox. M3issourl : ComC.-,
:ind (Ohio ia .er:', while a: S;i,::t'r
comes ifronl North (.'arlin:. an I :1I
Packer front I'eonusylvawia. Thlor is
ai l'istiier in the New York uiel'gationll
but the only thing for him to (t'*i
is Santerhering of Wisconsin. .'r iuit.
too, is sý"trl't, there thing only o(01
Berry, from Kentucii .titick:y.
"Conigrt s is a large bo'.}y in itself,
lblt it has only a Foote ili Nw Yo'irk
atilt a ''onglni' ia ( .otn. .A whole
M-.linn io in Illinh;is. lhwever, and there
is tilnotlter IIandy is I elt w:tre. There
is a Moody in M1a:::achu.etts, a Minior
in WViscoinsi.n. and :a iY6tn, in Virgiia
aind Peniliylvanin., aid, iaove all, a
Bland in Miss;ui. New Yor!i aIplro
priahtes to Itself all the Payne, NorithI
Carolina all the Love. an:l Missouri all
the .ioy. l:thi is reli'esentedl by a
King. Illinois 1y a Prince, and the peo
ple of lowa by their Collsill.,
"The si, 'er Mlooin f''iui the Tolie5,
5e' lolilnlt ills look (10down pea' cfully
1)01n ia Hill in Coilnneetieut. a 3larshl In
Illinois. near \\ 1ich1 is planted a Can
non that has seen utch service. I
Flood In Virginia, a Beach in Ohio, an
Eddy in Minnesola. a Strait in South
Carolina, and a Hull of long standing
in Iowa, while it sheds a Iuright RIay
upon the State of New YoTrk.
"Colcr liies are not sharply drawn,
for there are oily Browns in Ohio and
North Ca:rolina. White in the latter
State. anl both White and t ett in II
liiois.
"A- Bell from Colorado may ring loud
ly in Callifornia and Sweet and Low in
New York. Pennsylvania sends two
fine looking Stones, both of whom have
been here before, while Vermont,which
has such an abundance of fine marble,
sends only one G(rout. Three good
Walkers will be in thle next House, one
from Massacllusetts and two from Vir
ginia, to say nothing of Strode from
Nebraska. The Little man from Ar
kansas may offset (Grow in Pounsylva
mia.
"Mesrs. Robb, Steele and (hinmblle
would hardly be a suecess as a firm in
any other business than bank breaking
or ;rain robbing in either Missouri. In
diana, or South I)akota. Should they
decide to divide their Gaines in Teta
nessee they might Settle in Kentucky,
or possibly in North Carolina, after a
Sharp contest. Shound any of heO
members of Congress desire to indulge
in the national game they may use the
hail, which will he sent here by Texas,
Illinols will be sure to make a safe
Uitt."
The Snake Was Taken Unawares.
A curious battle was witnessed ycs
terday on Lake Ivanhoe, tlrst between a
black trass and a moccasin snake and
finally between the snakt and a big
alligator.
Shortly after noon two young men
went fishing on the' Formosa side of
Lake Ivanhoe. They had been having
Indifferent luck for some time, when
suddenly close in shore a violent com
motion took plice. Investigation
showed a huge moccasin snake with a
three-pound bass in his mouth, strug
gling manfully to get it down. Curled
around the fish to prevent its strtiggles,
lhe moccasin coated Its victim with sa
lira and the young men watched the
fish slowly dilsappear inside its rapa
clous captor.
An alligator, attracted by the commo
tion, also watched the operation as he
lay in the weeds, his bead-like eyes
sparkling with anticipation. Suddenly
the yotung man notlced Mr. 'Gator, and
decided to see the fun and make a cap
ture if possible. The "'gator" crawled
slowly and silently upon the snake and
his victim. the latter by this time gir
ing only an occasional spasmodic
twitch, while his snakeship was too
busy to notice the approach of his nat
ural enemy. When the "'gator" got
within two feet of the snake the latter
saw him, and tried to disgorge the fish.
Finding this impossible, lie trld to
swallow It quickly. Not being built
that way, the snake failed in both in
stances. -
The "gator" was by this time ready
for his meal, and his upper Jaw flew
open like a trapdoor. The snake, find
lng escape impossible, struck violently
at his enemy, while the fish, seeming to
realize its double danger, wriggled1 its
tail. Into the cavernous mouth went
the snake's head. and snap came the
upper Jaw of the "'gator," decapitating
the snake and getting the fish simulta
neously.
The younig men commenced opera
tions at this time, but were unable to
catch the alligator. The decapitated
snake's body was secured, however.and
skinned as a trophy of the aquatic bat
tie.---Orlando tFla.) Reporter.
At least one tind of reform Is needed
in New York. On opening day 13,000
school children had to be turned away,
because there had been no room pro
vided for them by the authorities.
BLaCKcasnAR, GA.
MR. SoUPTIIIsR.
Dear Sir: ---"'l'ho box o f TT:RtlaNE I pur.
cha(led of you has, I believe, permanently
cured me of a Ihugworml that has been a great
annoyance to me for live years. I cheerfully
reconmend it to tho-. troubled with ring
wotrm. Send a box to Mrs. Allen Brown of
this plate." Respectfully.
.1. C. BREWER, D. D. S.
1 box by mail for 50c. in stamps.
.There is more Catarrh in this sections of the
country than all other (liscaes put. together,
and until the last few years was supposed to be
incuratle. For a great many years doctors pro
nounced it a locat disease, and prescribea local
remIt:.lion, and by constantly failing to cure
:. ith local treatment, pronounced it incurable.
i-'ieclle has proven' c::tar it to be a co;nstitu
tional d i.easo and therefore requires constitu
t.onal tr:.ltment. THall, nta::rh Cure, man
ufact.lred by F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio,
is the only constitutional cure on the market.
It is taken internally in doies from 1ldrops to
a teaspoonful. It acts directly on the blood
and mucous surfaces of the system. They offer
one hundred dollars for any case it fails to
cure. Send for circulars and testimonials
free. Address
F. J. CnrENEY & Co., Toledo, 0.'
WIFSold by Druggists, 75c.
Hall's Family Pills are the best.
If a young man who wears "buttons"
dhasn'tsmoke cigarettes, it is because he has
not yet learned.
If you are doubtful as to the use of Dobbine'
Elcctr'cSoap, and cannot accept the exp-rience of
mil'ions who use it, after thes 28 years it has been
on the market, one trial will convince you. Ask
your grocer for it. Take no Imitation.
Every man admires a woman who looks at
her husband's bunch of office keys with awe
and reverence.
Mrs.Winslow's soothinr Syrup for children
teet ling softens the gums, reduces inflama
tion, allays pain, cures wlndcolic. 25c a bottle
FITS stopped free and permanently cured. No
fi after firs day's use of DR. KuISE's GREAT NERnvE
RESTOcER. Free $2 trial I ottle and trea, Ise, Send
o DR. KI.INE, 931 Arch St., Philladelphia, Pa.
For Whooping Cough, Piso's Core is a sue
cessful remedy.--M. P. DIETE, 67 Throop
A ve.. Brooklyn, N. Y., Nov. 14,18111
Save
The expense of doctors' bills. Keep your blood
pure, your digestion good and your system
regular at this season by taking a course of
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
IThe best-in eact the One True Blood Purifer.
Hood's are the only pillsto take
Hood's Pu15 with Hood's Sarsaparilla.
Cotton.
With careful rotation of
crops and liberal fertilizations,
cotton lands will improve. The
application of a proper ferti
lizer containing sufficient Pot
ash often makes the difference.
between a profitable crop and
failure. Use fertilizers contain
ing not less than 3 to 4%
Actual Potash.!
Kainit is a complete specific
against "RuSt."
All about Potash-the results of its use by actual ex
periment or the best farms in the Unit·d States-is
told in a little book which we publish and'will gladly
mail free to any farmer in America who will write forit.
GERMAN KALi!WORKS,
93 Nassau St., New Yoe
(',!l"r Red Seal Ecastein and O. K.
Lead *5.1:.1; Oil, 42; Colors. 15, net.
Mixed Paint, ite. to $1.00 pbr gallon.
Wall Paper 5. per roll.
School Desk,, Pews, Fumlture tul
Building Mr trlial of ALr kinds.
W. P. BREWER,
BIRMINGHAM, ALA.
REPAIRING.
Everything pertaining
to bcycles and repairs
kept i stock. Thebest
orkmon and finest ma
,rlals in our repair de
partment. Prompt and
ecareful attention to
matl ordersa. Inqutrles
mollelted.
THE LOOSLEY CYCLE 00..
Birminglham, Ala.
A TC II R I.-Up to Tanuary 1st we will sell to
tire coneunllml, at tile manfaettltrers' prices,
eltulnle/ American watches. Enclose stamp. a alis
.lty Introductlon Co., Loutsville, Ky.
or M1UMANITY
5.pnge book sent postpaid for
50 O(. ii stamps by the BOOK
4..PUBLIDSHING HOUSE
might we bpurposeo the great en lop te
&20.ptge book sent postpaid for
rOc. I4 stamps by the BOOK
PUBLISHING HOUSE,
134 Leonard Street, N. Y. City, for it serves the p -rposeof the great encyclopedaes
costing a hundred times the 50e. asked. It is completely indexed, making the information
instantly available. With this valu- IC able boxxk you have a wold of knowl.
edge at your fingers' ends, and can ® easily supply a lack of early educa.
tional advantages. When reading, don't you constantly come across ref
erences you fall to understandl? Isn't tOe, a small amount to pay for having such knowledge
at hand? Do you know who Crcesus was, and where he lived? Who built the Pyramids, and
when? That sound travels 1125 feet per second? What is the longest river in the world? That
Marco Polo invented the compass in 1280, and who-Marco Polo was? What the Gordian KIno
wa. The book containse thousands of explanatione of just
5 0 suB ch matters as you wonder about. :oUy It at the very 50
low price of mlMi a dollar and II'MIOVA YOUUJtl¥,
Gladness Comes
W ith a better understanding of the
transient nature of the many phys.
ical ills which vanish before proper ef
forts-gentle efforts-pleasant efforts
rightly directed. There is comfort it,
the knowledge that so many forms of
sickness are not due to any actual dis
ease, but simply to a constipated condi
tion of the system, which the pleasant
family laxative, Syrup of Firs, prompt.
ly removes. That is why it is the only
remedy with millions of families, and is
everywhere esteemed so highly by all
who value good health. Its beneficial
effects are due to the fact, that it is the
one remedy which promotes internal
cleanliness, without, debilitating the
organs on which it acts. It is therefore
all important, in order to get its bene
ficial effects, to note when you pur
chase, that you have the genuine article,
which is manufactured by the California
Fig Syrup Co. only, and sold by all rep
utable druggists.
If in the enjoyment of good health,
and the system is regular, then laxa
tives or other remedies are not needed.
If iaflictcd with any actual disease, one
may be commended to the most skillful
physicians, but if in need of a laxative,
then one should have the best, and with
the well-informed everywhere, Syrup of
Figs stands highest and is most largely
used and gives most general satisfaction.
BUY NO INCUBATOR
- and pay for it before
giving it a trial.
The firm who is afraid
to let you try their in
cubutorbefore hIylug
It has no faith in their
lIachine. We will sell
you ours
) ON TRIAL
NOT A CENT until .tried, and a child can run
itwitf t5 mirutes attention a day. We won
FIRST PRIZE WORLD'S FAIR
and will win you for a steady castonter if you
will only buy ours on trial. Our" large cata
logue will coit yol 5 ce3ntsi and give you $1lI
worth of pruaclieal liformnatiot on poultry and
nubators andl tlhe money there is in the busl
nest. P1-inc fr Brjoidrs. H ,uses. &. 2e.
N. tI--Send ius th name' f three persons In
tereated in ollultrl and '±iet:antd re will send
you "the Bici1le: Its C ,re alnd Reipair," a boo
of 18) subhJect and d8 ltlustrntions, worth $8 to
any bicycle rider
VON CULIN INCUBATOR CO.,
Pox ljg. DELIWVARE CITY. IDEL.
other artiges. Cost nothing. Reae
FREE a Lmoe Al e.
our otfer. levr pio .wtoa toºa.tls.
. a.ms FI aghr 1.il ll bs atrin. to m.
M*,doablt Iaao, IL W.nodd a i Cat I Mkr.
abbo 1 sent secue atwn.d frd 711 .e tlut
1 V sum tw t rs pll trat cbls, h ripra. etp
.d pou, wo aS 31.,IWr Cold pllue I I
botsIA,LO Y plid , tb hart w0n, 0 i o.al 1
aeoald sold goldS 1urrpo.l dda. t4 l
beaOoLD1 rt os 1C,4T. bl godW ad
paoan, l ld paed)IMN ,a P wLet plath
ltrac smand loa tolcd ra aes,
Or e lMor ie tairued t(o . 8 in di ot I
andW 5.f ear ts t 10re. Bloke tm
wd f4.97. Atl .d do,4I.
Ao. N . N acnbo.1 a ou180.,A
I~lezpetu 1rtku'~n a t.
;Coca idoa ostY e Mde't pt' 1 n
T ELEGRAPH-Taught in ten weeks; part
I tuition due after student takes charge of
an office; main line practice given; for full
particulars address C. H. Allison, Agent,
Sycamore, Ala.
1WI IIV! The true and startlinfg story ot
Hoean, who wedded ten whvys..
book sent iseeure and Iree, by mall tor
leven~ twowe.elot stanpa lfor posta'se etc.
- EO. IALLOlRY, Kearney, 51e.
FITr A reat--Remed nDisoovered. Send
F IT t"or Free okage e and let , it sek fo
uielf. Podtage ec. DR.S.1EKRKE Y, Chago, Ills.
SMratiOTP BRLONZE TIJII itKIlYT. Io.
dlan Games, Black Langsunsa, Pekin bueIm.
and their eggs, in season.
Ine. W. H. MANN, )annvr!!,C, hli.
tminer U.5., Patent omce., DealS
& WehAVER )IcOLt Building, Washingito, D. C.
RODS tracing and locating Gold or Slivet
Ore lost or hidden treasures. .D. FOW
LER, Box ,,7, Southlngton, Conn.
Am. N,U. No.5l. 1896.