LOUISIANA POPULIST.
ENTERED AT TIE NAT('IIITOCIHES I'OS'I'
OFFICE AS SECONID.CLASS tIATTF1;.
PUBLISIIEI'-D EVRY F'IIDA)AY ýOI;NING.
ix Montths.............. 50
" Four M.oths............. 40
ADVERTISI G RATES.
9Sp'P T -l rt t I11 m+ ' or . . .. $ m I Vc:r.
1 inch $ M 0 onth I $ . 50 (0i911 l0 1 00
2 imrººco 5 SI) 0 hi) 9 S0 15 00 90 (It
3 tnel 7 0 O); 11 0' 12 50 19 00 ?25
4 ins.e * 0 5Of9 it It 15 n ^. 0 3C 00
5 luches 10 00j 1 0 17 1 7 0on 3', 0
Sinuheh 11 50 I0 tn 19 00n 99 e0 I t ni
7 inches 1. Sob0 n0 no 0 3 00 44 00
R Inches 15 00 9"? 0n 4 on0 .0 on; 49 On
1 column 40 00 50 00 5' 00' 65 00 100 00
Tranletit nadvertisemtnts, $1 per squtan' first in,
sertion; each hsit sequent insertion 50 ernts per
sqnare.
Otfitial or legol ilvertismentO. *1 ier square
frst Iniertton; each sullnb quent intertion 50 cent"t
S pee squtar. f
Lo alI advert .eR ni :lt.. 10 reCnte per lin".
Editorinl notices. first insertion. 15 cents per
line: nbanqbsegl tly 10 rcnts p r line.
Conmnlleatntlion are soitl'lted. but we will not bo
ruponrdilio fir any views tlherion exOprlsmd.
Addres alnil er;emn nientious~ to tlhe lhtincan
Manater. Cummnllir;ttion musat be son it by
Monday.
Commnnlcatlons intendtld for phtlention ahotnhl
be ceompaninl by the real as well as the nassnuedi
name of the author. nut for publiention ibut as .m
evidenee of good faith on the part of tihe writer.
A failure to do so will coaignt them to the waste
basket.
FRIDAY, February 12, 1897.
R. D. Bovill, who was sent to
the penitentiary from Ounchita
parish, a little over two years ago,
has received a full pardon and ar
rived via the steamer Imperial at
his home near St. Maurice, this
parish, last Monday.
The Senatorial deadlock in South
Dakoto has not yet been broken.
Loncks, a prominent Populist can
didate, has withdrawn, leaving the
race between Kyle and other Pop
nlists.
Fosterism broke out in Lawrence
county, Arkansas, in a virulent,
and what promises to be a conflu
ent form. Democrats and Popu
lists each ha'l a candidate for sher
if. Childers, the Democrat, was
declared electqd by a small majori
ty. Stewart, the Populist, charg
ed fraud. Election commissioners
discovered an error and gave the I
election to Stewart. County Judge f
Townsend, a Democrat, held that
the vote in several districts was ir- t
regular, and threw it out and con- i
firmed the election of Childers. ,
Populists and Prohibitionists on s
one side and the Childers faction c
on the other are arming, and there
are fears that bloodshed will result. ii
-Daily Item.
Mr. John Woodard of Campte,
La., was on our streets several
days thii week.
Messrs. Robert and Tom Hart
of Campte, were visitors to our
Sburg on last Manday.
Mr. Sam Lisso, of the firm of
* Lisso & Bro., left last Tuesday on a
the Imperial for New Orleans on
business.,
Mr. Joe Henry, one of Natchi- a
toeohes parish progressive citizens,
Sspent several days in town this
week.
Mr. J. H. Pyhnt and Miss Ka
tie Pitte were married in Campte
on last Thursday evening.
The I. of P. organized a lodge
here last Monday night with a roll
of 20 chartered members. Judge I
Breds of Natchitoches and several P'
other gentlermen of Natchitoches '
was here to see after the organiza
tion of the lodge and the installa- th
tion of its officets.-Coushatta Ci
Citizen. of
Mr Joel L. Fletcher of Natchi- re
toehes, court stenographer, regis-t
tered ait the City Hotel last night m
and left this morning for Benton. m
-.Shreveport Caucasian. E
St. ParhS Raises .:5500 0
Franklin, La., Feb. 3.-A meet
lug of citizens of St. Mary was
Sheld here to.day for the relief of
the drouth sufferers in North ye
Louisiana, and a resolution was is
S.adopted asking the police jury to an
appropriate $2500 for that pur- be
Ii order to afford relief the no
aioaney was ~ once raised by note tui
in bank, signed by about twenty of
elt.aials, rpresentin. some three
O. r milioap of capital. Sub- me
* .... .. re alrio to be taken thl
4hoa .the parish  r a com- nol
~iIr~,~~r~ j~ tsd for each ward.-. (1o
~ *.1." • .
S JJOneS VS. Freellall.
. 'his remarkable case will be ar
gIed ,before the Suplreme Court
next Monday, February 15th, by
some of the ablht lawyers in our
parish or in this section of the
. State.
1The contest is over the Sheriff's
50 oflice, and aside from the princi
I ple and equity involves a salary of
al)out 81(i,4f)l and perquisites.
Every one is familiar with the
, election last Spring, where this
contest began, and. the exciting
events connected therewith in
' which the State militia and a Gat
Sling dun were invoked to enable
the local election officers d11l nem
ocratic) to throw out the entire
nre vote of a ward and count in their
"" man; also the trial of the case in
per the District Court, where under
,,o cover of a compromise, some evi
(lence was worked in by a sleight
"Y of-hand p)erformance on the part
of Freeman's lawyers, and a tem
porary victory achieved.
' Jones' lawyers and his friends
rallied from this ..ct hack and have
pushed the matter into the Su
Spreme C'ourt on the best kind of
to footing, and the brief which we
ra printed, in this office and which was
), prepared by Col. W. H. Jack,
r- leading counsel for Jones, is one
it of the ablest dotllcments sent up to
is that court from this parish, and
does credit alike to the merits of
the case and to the ability of that
h able and experienced lawyer.
L Col. Jack has put his 'rest ef
1- forts and a deal of time and labor
ce into the case, and will on next
- Monday present it in all of its do
tails in a masterly argument before
the Supreme Court.
e If there is any justice in law, or I
' integrity in our courts, Jones will
win this case, and tne suffrages of
an outraged people will be eoner- t
ated 1
---" - f
Sweet Charity. I
g The Daily Item having relieved,
c for a time at least, 500 destitute t
e families in Grant parish, is enga- b
t ging the attention of its friends to f
- the suffering of 325 destitute fam- t
- ilies in the northwestern part of c
Rapides parish, and has already I
R sent 2 carloads of provision and f
n clothing into that section. a
e The Times-Democrat is also do- q
ing heroic work for the drouth t
stricken, and has raised over $50Q0
for their benefit.
SThe parish of St. Mary, the a
home of that noble old patriot *
Capt. J. N. Pharr, and largely '
through his influence, has donated t
$2500 in cash, besides personal t
contributions from its largeheart- I
ed citizens of more than that
amount, Capt. Pharr himself giv
int over 150 barrels of molasses
and 25 barrels of Y. C. sugar. ri
-- b
Charman Washburn's Reply. t
He Says Edgerton's Letter Would c<
Do Credit to an Adroit Lawyer e
with a Weak Case.
Boston, Feb. 7.--George F. tt
Washburn, chairman of the exec- fi
utive committee of the People's n
party of Massachusetts, who re
cently issued a manifesto calling j"
for the People's party to separate of
the People's party from the Demo- T
erats, and suggesting the calling to
.of a convention, which appeal was fr
replied to by I-Ion. J. A. Edger- at
ton, secretary of the National Com
mittee of the People's party, has a
made the following reply to Mr. D
Edgerton's recent letter.
"Boston, Feb. 7, 1897. f
"Hon. J. A. Edgarton, Secretary
People's Party National Com- -
mittee, Lincoln, Neb.:
"My Dear Sir--I congratnlate
you on your very able letter. It D
is plausible and would do credit to c
an droit lawyer with a weak case,
but you have not made plain why
two parties should force one issue, te
nor have you reasoned away the ac- a
tual dancers that threaten the life er
o9 our party and the reform press.
"I do not favor the abandon- wi
ment of silver or any change in lic
the platform, and my appeal must ap
not be construed to meain that you Lu
do not discriminate between planks, ha
We made a subordinate plank the rai
issue, trusting to win by aid of the
alliance. In the order of the plat
ir- form, scientific money comes first.
Irt We forced the Democrats to chain
by pion silver, but we stand ready to
ur defend it when necessary.
he "I have received hundreds of
letters coming from nearly every
is State in the Union, representing
ci- every faction of the plarty and in
of cludiil nearly every leader an(l
the sentiment sustains my appeal.
Your letter bears the distinction of
hlie ing the only one opposed to it
us and the Rocky Mountain News the
rg the only paper so far as received.
in While I do not ascribe to you the
t- intent, nevertheless your plan of
having an identi:cal issue with the
ile Democrats would result in a union
n- of the Populistic lamb and the
re Tammany tiger, but with the for
ir mer inside the latter. While it
was possible to unite during a
fighting campaign, it is not wise
or to continue the union during an
'i- educational one.
t- "Your plan would force us to
rt follow the Democrats under their
banner, when we should lead them
u- under our own. Your plan wotuid
humiliate our brave people, while
Is mine would inspire and en..oble
ýe them You favor retaining a sub
Li- ordinate plank as an issue. I fa
vor making the main one, which
f includes yours, the issue. You
io favor a plan that would factionizo
is the party i.t d divide the West and
South. I favor a plan that would
unite all factions and lead to vic
tory. You favor a plan that would
.o suppress our main plank. I favor
da plan that would open them to
df discussion when the people want
it to talk about them. You favor a
plan that would add thousands of
adherents to another party. I fa- a
-vor one that would add thousands t
ºr of adherents to our owvn.
t "Fusion for a campaign may be
politic, but permanent fusion on
eidentical issues means absorption
and disintegration for our party.
Disintegration frnom the same cause
r killed the Greenback party. Why
11 should we invite a similar fate?
f "You favor an issue that may
be abandoned by the Democrats
throuwh some form of compromise.
I favor a plan that will not be af
fected by these chan,.es. You fa
vor a plan that would enable the i
Democrats to absorb the Populists
and pave a way for the union of
the two wings of I)emocracy. leav
e ing the future of reform a forlorn
hope. I favor a plan that would
force the Democrats to advance t
- to our position rather than to re
cede from theirs. You favor a
plan that would wreck and ruin all
Y the reform papers of the land. I f
1 favor a plan that would preserve
and prosper them. Should other
- questions absorb the attention of
the peop)le, or should an interna
tional agreement be reachedl by
the Republicans, it would reave
the silvcr Lorces stiranldedl without
a an issue and afford them an e.cuse
t for backsliauin. The issues I fa
Svor are the ones that will comn..md
the attention of the people during
the next fouryoars. Why attempt
to force one issue when the people
will tiscnuss the others?
"This move on the part of tl,
Populists will place our party :i
the head of the column of reform,
with the Doemuocrats protecting the
rear. Our defense of the green
backs wllP add thousands ox voters c
to our ranks.
"The radicals of today are the a
conservatives of tomorrow, i we
educate the people between elec
lions on scientific money, metal -
money will become the consor-- I
tive measure of the future until
the invariable ,aper dollar shall
finally take its turn and become the
money of all nations. The next
battle may be fought on scientific
principles vs. metal money.
"There will be an infrmal, un
oflicial conference in Memphis,
Tenn., on Feb. 22. It will be at
tended biy leaders of the party
from every section of the country.
I believe the resolutions adopted
at that time will be so emphatical
ly in favor of independent action
as to lead official sentiment by our
national committee. In calling a
separate conference you have un
wisely added to confusion. Yours
fraternally,
GEORGE F. WASHBURN."
-Times-Democrat.
" - --' _
Through the enterprise of the
Daily Item, the sunken yacht Ar
go, which carried with it to the
bed of the Mississippi the two
Picayhne reporters, has been loca
ted, and the bodies of the unfortu
nate men will doubtless be recov
ered.
A Populist brother in Vermilion g
writes, "I have been with our Po- 1
lice Jury all day, and they finally
appropriated $500 for the North
Louisiana drouth sufferers, and we
have solicitors all over the parish T
raising donations.
The committee on contested elec
tions in Congress has repormd ºb
a nImjority in favor of Price, (dMn
ocirat itgainst leatty, r1c)pulican in
the rd  istrikt, and in faivor of
B1 tnn'i, dhemocrat ,ai':tst ienoit
pI p list. in the th I)istrict.
It is given out illn ashin'tonýf
that the replublican ! aders there
are getting tired of the frivolous
contests which the republlicans from
the out Ii are in the habit of ili in,
and that measures will Ise shortly
adoptedi w iich will puiit a stop to
it.--Natclhitches Enterprise.
Oh no, that isn't the iean,on at
all!
The gold lug DIemocratc', like
Boatner and Price, are just the
same as Republicans, and the Reps
can't go back on their allies, the
Paller-Buncknerites.
Mr. J. R. Weaver was left by
the rest of the committee to finish
the distribution of donations to
wards 2 and 3, which kept him till
late Thursday evening. This man
has spent his whole time for two
months for the sufferers of his
' ard, and together with lIon. M.
R. Joyner, they have spent their
time and paid their expenses while
soliciting, apportioning and dis
tributing relief, and though afflict
ed by the (1101droth as much as any,
they have refused to share the do
nations for tlihemlielves, depending
on their credit and piawnin«, or
selling priperty to repair tnci:
losses. Verily the peopl in the
drouth-stricken belt will not soon
forget these men.
Mrs. A. Z. Lewis has opencl
a stock of general merchandise in
the building lately occupied by P.
F. L'herrison, a I)ago opens a
fruit stand next tloor and Mr. T.
J. Flanner will soon open a Racket
Store next door to Simon Bro's.,
and altogether Washington street
is on a boom.
RhCumatismu Cureti.
Mr. W. E. Shepherd, of the
dry goods house of Davison, Lowe
& Shepherd. Athens, Ga., says of
Royal Germetuer :
"For four long months I was
flat on my back, unal)ble to move a
single limb of my body without as
sintance. Nothing gave me relief.
I had given up all hopes of re
covery until the great remedy was
given me. The first vtek I began
to im;rprove, and in less than thirty
ways was on my feet attendinv to
my duties. I am now able to work
twelve hours out of every twenty
four, and sell as many dry goods
a any man in Georgia. d18.
We Offer You a Remedy Which Insures
SAFETY to LIFE of Both
Mother and Child.
"MOTHERS'FRIEND"
BOBS CONFIJEmENT OF ITS PAIN,
ORROB AND DANGERB,
Makes CHILD-BIRTH Easy.
Endorsed and reeommended by phyal*
clans, midwives and those who havo used
Jt, Beware of substitutes and imitations.
-ent by express or mall, on receipt of rlce.
51.1O0 per bottle. Book 'YgO MOT RB'
malled free, contalniog volunttb jtestbaolaniau
BADTIeLD RIGUIATOR 0O., Atlanta, Ga.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
TUB GRBATEST O A aL, NEDIDS.
The Ideal
Remedy
church people, law]yers, doctors, sad
sam and wrmse all overn the Seth,
than all other proprietary medicies
ut together Is
ir. King's
Royal
Germetuer
IT IS ESSENTIAY A HOUSEHOLD REMEDY.
It dll gIe p0 APETITE.
f ill gie plu restl rareshleg SLEEP,
It ll stilate ir IESTIO .
il a in rstor pur IERWOUS ENIIER6Y,
A l lod r o iDNIES b pdert oriler,
Itwll priti our Bleed.
It bWOMAI'S Best fritd
Itbuers to toheu )emaeonada, onastne
_o lboo ad wrus to.tay uar by semovinu
Ior arll oubles of the Blood, Stomach, Bowels,
kineys and Nerves, ad for all forms of Rhen
mam, Csua  Ibarb d s Poison Dspepsia,
Itatandspsenainently wlthout arltroria per.
"Seld by druggists, ,ew peckm gorge
bhettlh, t8 Doses, One Deilar.
EA3U~ACITUPD ONLY UT
TI1E ATAITA HEMICAL O,, ATLATA, SU,
WrurfSa46-PAGE BOOKL MAIED IEL
NEW STOREI,
NEVW ( OODS "
-- s NE W PRICES.
HIaving decided that Natchitoehes needs a real live, hust
ling, all round Merchant-a man who wants trade, and
will work for it-we have put up a large stock of bran
new pur, hases, and adding to it every day.
[Dry Goods, Groceries,
!ala ware, Crockeryware, Glass-:
ware, ('utlery, Boots, Shoe, , lhats,
(',tps, Notions & Fancy (G-: .ries.:
We buy our ýoods for spot cash, and will ruin thi
man who under sells us.
V e buy country produce and pay cashlor goods for it.
We wa'nt your trade and will give you a bargain for it.
S-' Country Trade especially solicited. J.
LICHTENSTEIN BUILDING,
Pront Street. Natchitoches.LLa.
J. C. BURNSIDE.
Chiar1ie's Famous
Tonsorial Parlors.
ONLY BUY DIREOT Op MANUFAOTUR!R8 -
$40 WaGo SURREYS VEHICLES >"'i
'with WAOaUREo
Coupon Shipped anywhes to anyone at WHOLESALE PRICES. ,
ON1 OP OUA UXTYAOADINARy mAmeAINiS
RcAD DUSOsiPTION OAR1PULLY
- PIAN or CORING BODY, END Or BRBWBTnBRSprtig
9 or 4 bow LEATHER QUABTER Top, Patent ourtia
fastsners, head lining of beat wool dyed cloth, corded
seeais and closed dusters in quarters, SOLID PANEL
SP.INcG BACK, cloth or fancy leather trimmings,
wing cushions, Barven wheels, with 1 spores, or
No. 120 TOP BUGGY w in. tread. 15-16 in. double collar steel azles
swedged and fantail bed, 4 and 5 leaf oil-tempered
springs of best quality. Body is 23?S in. wide by 52 in. long, made of best seasoned lumber
ash frame and poplar panel,. thoroughly glued, screwed and plugged. Double reach, ironed
full length. All forgings, clips, bolts, etc., made of beat Norway iron. Painting and finish
frst-class throughout. Bodies painted a rich black, gears Brewster preen, black or carmine,
handsomely striped. Each buggy complete with shafts, leather dash, boot, storm apron,
oarpet, anti-rattlers, etc. A written warranty with each buggy.
st$4o.0 is our SPECIAL WHOLESALE PRICE for this fine buuggy
"- 0 Never before sold for less, but to introduce our work in your
Coupon No. 27; locality we have decided to make a special coupon offer, iving
every reader of this paper an opportunity to get a striotly fist
00ooD ion 'Ilass $75. busgy at the lowest price ever offered. On recelpt of
S 05. $40.00 and coupon we will ship this handsome buggy, seeur.el
Spaeked and crated and delivered on board cars. Do not miss this
opportunity to get a thoroughly High Grade Up-to-Date Buggy at
It sent with Order the lowest price ever offered. Remember we donot offer lt- a
for 'cheap buggy," but as a strictly high-grade vehicle. If yea Wiat
No. 120 Top Buggy a cheaper buggy or some other style, write for oarlarge illustrated
or catalogue showing 4oo different styles of Vehicles, Harness etc.
We can sell you a top bugy as low as *12.00, better ones for ds.m
No. 314 Road Wagon and upwards. Money refunded if not as represented after arrival
Sand examination. Ooupon must positively aocompany the order
to obtain this special price.
ROAD WAGONS-We have all styles, but
this one is the most popular. Any dealer This Elegant Road Wagon g$2501
will ask you $6.00 for it. Our wholesale WITH COUPON
price is $50.00. Send us $25.00 and coupon d,
and it is yours. Guaranteed to be made of
selected material thoroughly seasoned,
best end or side springs. BSarren patent
wheels, cloth or Evan's leather trlmmings,
double reach ironed full length, 15-16 in,
drop axles, patent leather dash, painting
body black, near Breraster green or carmine
nicely striped, and ibely finished through
out. A written warranty with each wagon
and money refunded if not as represented. .
Order at 0once. Prices will be higher next NO. WAGO
se.on, Adcireas (in/ul/,) Nf 8l5 lOD W)QO
CASH BUYERS'. UNION,
158 W. Van Burea St., Bx.:2767,'CMbloap' i
OU R Pared - aswav
JNo. M., TUCKER, President. D. C. ScAaaBonoR o, Secretary
JNo. A. BARLOW, Treasurer and General Manager.
GIVANOVICHI OIL CO(PANY, Limited.
--IANUFACTURERI S AND DEALERS IN ALL KINDS OF
COTTON SEED PRODUCTS,
NATCIITO CHES, - - LO UIS1AlA.
Theo GNLY 25 Calibre Ropoatcr on the market.
Made in iall lengt.hs and styles, regular and TAKIE DOWN.
3Mo,,l 18t, using the .@-4n0 and .,i-t is tho strongest and best repeater made.
'A.ih P DOWNS hi all calibres. , Write for catalogues to
iCODEL 1S'3L rcu , THE MARLIN FIRE ARMS O.,;
.: ,, O.;, '-to and n-. ' New Haven, Conn.
tA ltiit.lIN RUST REPELLER to prcecrvc guns and all metal work, 15 cents per tuble,
r.cn,! fltceen c.,nts in tarIa;: and we will mail you a pack of highest quality plailaP
urdl, 6apeial ~t.¶":'.