Mistook Their Ma•.
Two funny young men o! Perkins.
O. T., made up their minds to have
fun with a medicine peddler, who
goes by the name of D)r. Wild Jack.
As he came alohng the road they
jumped out of the bushes at him and
ordered him to hold up his hands
Dr. Wild Jack was of dillicrent br),2,i
from what they epectcd. Il Iulledl
out a gun and shot one of them dead,
while the other only saved his life by
plunging into the brush.
.German Toys.
It is estimated that the annual
sales of (German toys in England
amount to I". Jllo),e',).
Nothlng 5uerree is 1.ke success.
The sucreesses achieved by men andl thlines
are not always hled upon ml'rt lhut a s('
ccss well merited and unptlll ir..c tt. l in the
annals of prolprietary mudu'm'. htild the-e
ever conme to be writti t, III .tetter . Sitoi.
ach t bitters, a tattaill. Illet'lt , di-covrrd
nearly hail a century sao altd the Iat;llng
rrenedy for and prevent' Ive of Ialar.al, rh'u
mliat andl kt"lney colpltaiu t., dy .trl1ia, con
stipation and b)iltiouu,,s
We inust not expvt retre of folks than
there is in them.
Is Your
Blood Pure
If it is, you will be strong, vigorous,
full of life and ambition; you will have
a good appetite and good digestion ;
strong nerves, sweet sleep.
But how few can say that their blood
is pure! I ow many peoplle are suffering
daily from the consequences of impure
blood, scrofula, salt rheum, rheumatism,
cataarh, nervousness, sleeplessness, and
That Tired Feeling.
Hood's Sarsaparilla purifies, vitalizes,
and enriches the blood. Therefore, it is
the medicine for you.
It will give you pure, rich, red blood
and strong nerves.
It will overcome that tired feeling,
create an appetite, give refreshing sleep
and make you strong.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is the Only
True Blood Purifier
Prominently in the public eye today.
the after-dinner pill and
Hood's Pills --')'u w...u wi,,
$890,' Made
In Wheat in One Week
On $100 investment, by one of our
customers. Others did equally well
by trading through us in wheat
SPLENDID OPPORTUNITIES
Are now offered by the markets to
easily multiply small capital each
week by speculating in wheat. Our
customers make big money. Some
8100 to 8800 a week on a $106 invest
ment. Can we not do the same for
you? Small margin required. Our
book on successful speculation and
Daily Market Letter, full of money
cing pointers, sent free. Specu
te through experts.
THOMAS & CO.
ankakm ad Drokers.
stat sla4g..... Chicag., Ill.
SAS" K YOUR DRUOOGGIST FOR *
IT IS
*THE BEST*
FO OD
POR
INVALID S
* JOL CARL.B & SONS, New Ywk.
CoLns AsUE GORE
Is for Torpid Liver and Kid
ne y s, Constipation, Dizzi
aei, Sick Headache, Costed
Tongue, Jaundice, Flux,Chills
and Fever. It oures there
with aunerrilg dellty, and we
challenge the world to pro
dnes a remedy equal to it in
them eomplalate.
ALL DRUGGISTS SELL IT.
-I
aL a ams hrarei-.
N wnri esrdawL r bieoto
ML. CLAYTON'S WILL
JIE C L AYTi tN'S
cr-l 1jjual issued Invita
. ti, ,ns to a party at
ti ir c ountry h,,u,.
The guists, thirty
S In nnIumber, wir, tI,
S ,tmaiin a wuek. fMy
rife and I look-"l
f ,,rward to a grail
lim e,. W e had be(in
"Ii,'re b.fre and
kllnw what a visit
to "(', ion t;irl. ur" ni.;lt. It was F'
-uperb ld plal e en the tsoutheast' rn
,oast, just far!. enough f'rom! the betach
to land that southling sound to the
breakers which is so pola:isant to hear
it night after retiring. The house wasi
,if no pl cltil style of archlteturt.
(iriginlliy it was a spacious farm house'
nadel many alterati ins and annexa
"if the old New England pattern.
Ancstors of the present owner hail
ttons, and the pires.tit master had com
pltely renovated and, in a way', nid
rntizd it. T le ,ol lms and oaks were
till vigorous ;and luxuriant, and they
hailted of a lingac' that might tu:n a
,lonial dame gren vlth envy. They
ladded also nit a little to the beauty of
;th! scenery.
;i\ving a party of this kind and size
Is not an easy matter, as some have
learned to their Intense mortllttcation.
.rleat care and skillful judgment must
Ie. exercised In the seleetion of the
uests., who, fir seven days., are to lie
to closely asIsociated. But the ('laytoins
were not novices; they knew the dil
positionls aind tastes of their friends.
and they gathered a thoruughly con
genial ompalny.
(ne lovely June morning the spe
-iil train conveying the guests pulled
iut of the () l ('olony statl.in at luston.
A ride of thirty miles brought us to the
village, where carriages, stages, carts
andI Vag;;oins were in waiting to trans
pIrt us: alnd our numerous boxes to the
hoiuse, five miles distant.
It is unnecessary to attempt a de
scripltiion iof the joyous, brief (lays that
folllowed. Yachting, bowlinug, billiards,
dancing, tabileaux and, perhaps, a lit
tle flirtation occulpied our entire time.
The weather was superb and every
thing and everybody was in perfect
harmony, when on the evening of the
fourth day Mr. Clayton, while passing
through the hall, fell dead upon the
floor. The same heart trouble that
had ended his father's life twenty years
befo re.
That the gayety and revelry was then
at its height made this sad incident
loubly shocking. A silence, sombre as
a pall, settled over all. Each guest
thought it his and her duty to leave as
soon as possible; they felt Ill at ease, de
trop.
Arrangements were at once made ti
have the baggage and private servants
go by the early train in the morning;
the guests were to follow an hour
later. My wife wanted to wake her
maid, who had been in bed for hours.
for the purpose of packing her trunks.
I thought this useless and said that I
would attend to the packing; all that
was required of the maid was that she
K I
"YOUR WHAT?" I GASPED.
be in readiness to start In the morning.
I advised my wife. who seemed to be
nervous and agitated, to go to bed.
This she consented to do, telling me to
be sure to put everything in the trunks
except what we wished to wear travel
Ing.
If anything requires greater skill
and patience than packing long-train
party dresses, to say nothing of other
articles of feminine apparel, into com
paratlvely well-filled trunks, I have
yet to learn of It. This was many years
ago and, perhaps, they made gowns
longer then--oi trunks smaller. How
ever, I did the best I could and felt
rather proud of my Job. I was up in
the morning to see our luggage car
ried down.
"Are you sure you put everything
In?" asked my wife from her comfort
able position of repose.
"Everything but the things you
ought to be getting in," I answered, in
elegantly, starting downstairs.
An hour later one of the house serv
ants brought me a card, on which was
wrltten, "Do come here at once. Some
thing dreaul has happened." My
woIfe had written It. Filled with
thoughts of another calamity. I hurried
to her chamber. As I entered I saw she
was dressed, standing, looking over her
shoulder into the glass. '
"Yeo frightened me dreadfully," I
said, half provoked to fad everything
peaceful. "What has happened ?"
"Do I look all right?' she asked. twirl
ag around Ike the dummy fgures we
see in the sbhpe,
I told her she looke charming, and
again asked her to expl·an what had
occurred. She sated herself on the
bed and there was something in her
mamer and expeson thamt warned me
I was I for it.
"Did it ev·r ocur to you," the asked,
ati-iteally, "that yo had mristaken
p at eaing? DoI't yes think you
might ucet better uas an expert
paerk tLa as a lawyer?" she con
lmed havig me for a Instaat in
Gslt assta her sanity. Dat her
alIm to my late laborelas task eon
vinade me that soebaw I had blun
"Didn't I get eerything Inta I asked,
. Sea did," se aen
*tes was bus thent th atas.
- n a u aes ..
"Oh,'- r:eplied, "you told me to put
everything in, and that was ' n-,thing."
"I should tlhilk s,,." k sh5 , an.sw rc 1,
rising a:nd str;,ining fir antl,.r rc:sr
vitew of i: Ir. If in the nir' , r. "It \;1:
that lvy ly nir. on-, that T.h -sy t:iulht
nru f!rm l':tli
"I ri-ni- '. t i-il 11 . tU in;, t ,, I ;i
"I had troulhe in a ti i t in. "I'',,;
a kind of ir,-,s ,-it sln - ,l n -:. lin' nil'
,f viz. i t,..11i it fur a bi:'d c. - r a
ii .us*i ti ' p.i
cunt,'l~li;-; herself sail: "It is :ill vcry
funny ni, w, but t;e ni xt tie yo.u air
::way frm hi, in.' and lintl that yiur
natn Ihas saubstitutit, your l .:itii;i s rt
for your dl -s t , . it mnia. ni t 1,,, uit
s o a mn u s l In g .' 1 \ -. :, l ,-, , n hn :t'i i ,.
but six mnths and trills wit in talllgnti
tied into mountains.
t ,ibsrving that sheit rallny f, It hurt. I
t ld· her that >h, look ,d all right il,!n
aitsuhd hl" that the ltitf, rni that slt,
tad sut e. ded in -,-,-ting it the lt.lk
of her waist was 1,t,,i ir. nl ug i to sup
port a it '-lititc al Ptarty. This lput I 'r in
better sigrhits and the became ctuiiidelt
tia'.
"D) you know," she oi l.. "I was
t'mlted to utilize the pill c .ase;.
Th,'y w^uli hnse answ , r,,i , .Im irat ly.
Blut I f,"ir,.d t:"r ir l enm,, nnl.ht 1, 1,1,
sus h'iin to ,,i!nt to lh. l F ,lt 'its. A
few n,.wsLtil, r woxuld l e ,it ,1 "o - Viy
wu-Il. but tlier,' war., ni, it htiol. With
the aid o f a chair I was at I tol" tiliti
an ,1.1 dusty rIl ,of rap,-'r ion t-, ,,f the
watrdrbte. I did n, t unti it; I just int .'
a little h. ilt at e.th Init,. ti,-td a sh-'- -
string in each, I ctit it a littl' alin tied
it ion."
"You cetrtaitnly are thoini,,th.ir of in
tunlltlIn, if of n,,thinig cls,"' I answered,
kissing her as I sl,,h,.
Albout tein days later I was :ittling at
thei b'reaikfast tall', in my I to.-tin htaus,
re.ading the morning lpa; r. "That'.
queer," I salid, glantin front tbe' tlIelir
to amy wlfe, "Mr. ('l.,ton's will c'a i
be found. I will read what It says:
" 'The will of Mr. Parkitin c 'layt on.
the millio naire whose futnral to, ,k
place on the Gth inst.. cini, it lie fuir,!.
Ills lawyer, Mr. Phillips An rii',\ s, s:tys
that he wrote the will at tr. 'tlayts ,n'is
dictatio.n last l.,c,.ml.r, anal that aft, r
signing it JMr. lanyton toi.,i t.Fse i 'n
of the lIper. A thoroiugh t:earchli has
been malde, b-ut without stt' etss. Fius
pin fn Points to Austin Clayto,n asi ,n
of the dead mian, who. if ni,t disinherit
ed, Was some y'airs pretiiutisly di nie(
admission to his father's liotst. It is
thought the young man may ha'e
gained possesslon of the documennt
through the Instrumentality of thte s'r
ants. In the event of its n,'t ti-jne
found Austin would hie I titled to hil
share of the estate. The taittt-r is be
ing investigatd.' "
In this tuattion the. mattr re-ti -I.
when. several months later. I wats tdr'"-
ing hurriely to go iii th,. oi,'ra. My
shirt was too stiff to uttlon readily, my
studs were rec,,eli ous and all the an
noying things which invari:,tily over
take one when it a hurry ft 11i to ni i t.
I was prov 'ked, and in my agitati ,n ac
cidentally jerked out my collar buttin.
As usual, it sought refuge beneath the
bureau.
I ran into my wife's room, she was I
already dressed and waiting. expecting
to find one, or something that might
answer. But an array of halrpins, but
ton-hooks and manicure impletiment;
alone greeted me. She must have same
thing that will ds, I thtught, as I hast
ily opened her bureau drawer.
Heavens, what a sight! Gloves, rib
bons, fans, smelling flasks, veils an.
numerous other things were engaged In
hitter conflict, each enldeavoring to out
do the other. In tumbling thtse about
in my search I came upon an odd look
ing affair, so unique in design and con
struction as to excite my curiosity. It
was a roll of parchment, or stiff paper,
with a shoestring dangling from each
end.
"By George!" I exclaimed, mentally.
"Here is my wife's patent bustle, the
substitute of Bessy's Parislan crea
tion."
As I held it in my hand I glanced in
the opened end and saw that there was
writing within. Hastily tearing it
apart, the missing will of Mr. Clay
ton's, together with a deed for some
property in erty in Vermont, lay before me.
I was so delighted with the joke I!
had on my wife that I gave no further
thought to the opera, nor to my ap
pearance. In inartistic deshabille I
threw myself upoi the bed and laughed
Inordinately. In this position I was
found by my wife, who, not unnatural
ly, thought mc partially demented.
"Are you going to the opera? or do
you find sufeficient enjoyment in this
farce?" she asked, pretending to be
vexed.
"My darling," I answered, "if, when
you were in possession of that Im
mense fortune, or perhaps I should say,
when you were so near to it, you had
invested in a few collar buttons you
would not find it necessary now to com
plain of my tardiness."
"Are you hopelessly crazy.' she
asked, stepping back as if in fear.
What do you mean about my fortune?"
"I mean," I answered, seriously, tak
ing a different tack, "that you are sus
pected of having stolen Mr. Clayton 's
will. The missing document has been
found in your bureau drawer, and its
appearance Indicates that it was con
cealed about your person when you
left the house where you had been an
honored guest."
Her cleverness came at once to her
assistance. "Do you mean," she asked,
coming closer and speaking low, "that
the roll of paper your carelessness
obliged me to use was Mr. Clayton's
will?"
"Yes:; that is about the situation,"
I answered, carelessly. "But you may
meet with some trouble in convincing
a jury that my carelessness justified
your felony. But I'll get you off," I said,
seeing I was carrying my joke too far.
"We will send it to the Clayton's anon
ymously. They will be so glad to get
it they will not inquire where it came
from."
I did not do so, of course, but made
an explanation which left out the bustle
inlident However, for many a day
"the fortune my wife was near to"
served me admirably. But in an evil1
hour L In writing the invitations to a
dinner we were giving, inadvertently
put "R. I. P." In the lower left-hand
corner of each. For a while my wife
was master and the Clayton will was
never mentioned. Since that date I have
regarded joking as an evidence of low
oriin.
Calsbgs, 16; carrots, 3; milk, M; ale,
3; potatoes, 3; porter, 42; beef, 5; egg,
a ma, 6; tread, 3; egg #yelk), 12.;
smar. 12; useb las sour. 1te aseiw,
p ,asetmte 13; es bsmeie,AIas te
Roman Lampa.
Roman lamps were of many eizea,
but many of them very closely re
sembled what is at present denomi
nated a sauce or gravy boat. At one
end there was a ring, through which
th,: linger was passed when the light
was carried. he'o body of the se.sol
was tilled with oil, and at the other
end there was a small tube through
which a rag wick was passed.
To Run Fast.
A Welshman proposes to build a:
sihip that will have a speed of sixty
miles an hour. The boat will hoe 5)
feet long and 50 wide, with a 'at
bottom and wedged shaped bow and
stern: of 10,000 tons displacement,
and with eight paddle-wheels on each
side, each tmaking seventeen revolu
lLts a minute.
No Sonme at All.
Some birds in Patagonia have a
foolish habit of roosting low down,
close to the ice, and in the morning
may sometimes be seen the curious
sight of scores of these unfortunates
with their tails frozen into the ice.
There they may bie compelled to re
main until the sun, by the process of
melting them out, liberates the pris
onurd.
Why She Smiles Sweetly.
,parkling eyes, quick beating heart. and the
rovy lurch of pleasure on the cheeks mak'es the
slrotng man happy when he meets his lady love.
Th:,t's the kind of a man whose very touch
thrills because it is full of energy, vgorous
norvce power and vitality. Tobacco makes strong
men impotent, weak, and skinny. No-'lTo-ta
sold by Druggists everywhere. Guaranteed to
(tlre Book, titled "Don't Tobacco Spit or
Smoke Your Life Away." free. Address iter
Iag R emedy Co . New York or Chicage.
Octrol Duties.
Octroi duties, the tax on edibles,
wines and liquors, fuel and building
materials entering a town, are levied
i. 151S municipalities in France.
Last year the gross receipts from the
duties were 163,000,000) and the cost
of collection ~5,500,000, or nearly 9
per cent. Paris alone paid $30,000,
l00;, nearly half the whole amount.
and over $10 a head for every inhab
itant, while the average of the other
towns is $5 a head.
Strive manfully; habit is overcome only
by halit.
The Ladles.
The pleasant effect and perfect safety
with which ladies may use the Call
fornia liquid laxative, Syrup of Figs,
unit r all conditions, makes it their
favrite remedy. To get the true and
genuine article. look for the name of the
('alif,,rnia Fig Syrup Co.. printed near
the bottom of thlie package.
l)isagreeab:e people always do keep their
prunlie .
"Kanson's Kagic Corn salve."
WarranteI to,, ue ,r mroney refunded. Ak yoeu
d uggit fIor L it'l t'.e utn.
A main cannot leave a better legacy to
the world than a well-educated family.
If the Baby Is Cutting Teeth.
Re sore and use that old and vell-tr.ed remedy, Mae.
WL'.<LOAw SvOturIIis STrt r for Children Teething.
It is the soeaker sort of politicians that
are the greatest dissentb!ers.
If Troubled With sore Eyes
Jackson's Indi: n Eye Salve will positively
curo tlhet. 25c at all drug stores.
l'ity nmake, the world soft to the weak
and noble to the strong.
ONLY ONE AND THAT IN JULY.
Excursion to Colorado.
The Greit Rock Island Itouts will cell tickets
rhest' for th. exotur.lon to Denver in .ulu, and
)un ";ou;Ud pout yourself at once as to rates and
b-lll y p'ot! l card or letter t", Jnc. Selluttln.
I ... 'hl.h'g lfor a 'oeatifull aeuv'enlr is-s ed
bly the ih, ali;o, 1ok Ilsanl & I'aOtiflc I y. cal led
thre "To, lot ''o:.,'it r. tilt tell all nl t ti Ute
trip. It will ,e lo t tree. It is a gent, and you
should out delay in ackinO fur it.
JN,. l.IIA+TIANt . I.. I'. A.. Chicago.
A mind once cultivated will not lie fallow
7or half an hour
Are Ton Going East This Summer?
Don't forget that the great summer
tourist route is the Michigan Central.
"The Niagara Falls Route." a first
lass line for first-class travel, the popu
lar line to Niagara Falls. Mackinac
Island, the Thousand Islands of the St.
Lawrence, the Whlte Mountains, the
Adirondacks. Portland by the Sea, Ios
ton, and New England points, New
York and the seashore.
Send ten cents postage for "A Sum
mer Note Book." It will tell you all
about these places and how to reach
thm. O. W. RUGGLES,
Gen'l Pass'r and Tkt. Agt., Chicago.
lie who says there is no such thing as an
honest man is himself a knave.
J C. SIMl'SON. Marquess. W. Va. sayrsl:
"'Ill'o Cat-'rrhl Cure cured me of a very bad
ce of ca.turrh." Druggilsts sell it, 75c.
We fedl upon what we read, but digest
only wohat we mueditate upon.
LOOK OUT FOR BREAKERtS AHEAD
when pimples,
eruptions, boils,
and like manifes
tations of impure
blood appear. They
a wouldn't appear tf
your blood were
pure and your sys
tem in the right
condition. They
show you what you
need-a good blood
purifer; that's what
you get when you
take Dr. Pierce's
SGolden Medical
Discovery.
It carries health
with it. All Blood,
Skin and Scalp Dis
eases, from a com
mon Blotch, or Bruption, to the worst
Scrofula, are cured by it It lanvigorates
the liver and rouses every orgn into
healthful action. In the most stunborn
forms of Skin Disemases, such as Salt.
rhenm, Eczema, Tetter, Erysipelas. Boils
and kindred ailments, and Searofala, it is an
unequaled remedy.
pnA R* M
:**:
1,ae no Substitute for
Royal Baking Powder.
It is Absolutely Pure.
All others contain alum or ammonia.
I___ ---- - ___-- -- -
11 , I. 1 :I ,,', t
In0 at Jac':-~n. 'ii.. , , i \-tw,-o
'c c, li ' ,, Ioa hi, a traLt 1 : :,,'
otiher day, a'tr ., :t. t t at a i -t
latl:ix of bsc nir'', ctail,.' '- a 11 tl II t,
wa, taken icire of : i tihe la- a i':tr.
(' o lndu tol r ( o'r<y ha'' 1. x.11 hi,1t, of
the toil' i1II t 0" ti t' ' L ' :I ' i
iur r,:'i t Io ri , .t , ,1 'f : t. ,
and lj " l 1 11 ,' tt I.. tat ot in
and pa.- 1 :', ~ t a_ ; a'e ca'.
W hi,: thi :'t to I', , I!: a; r,,ll of
the lircu car. to . at of %hIich
roll, d a cir', : ir::v r. March
revtal',d el V , ' to- III irnsta\ d
away in t:,e i -,. ,- y cwent to
the :ia a , r' f, ' t . - f t l' i\t'.
mltl. ] ; <: 0 I 1, ] .a , t:,, 1. to il
Corney iInp i i 11 ti:, I 0I', at a ,ra,
Lake. an,(1 th,'y hli to I,,,t t·I,: tih,
to -sii anti, turl v ti si mi.,, :awVay, to
re ,oi the company.
A IHappy %Ioman.,
At l:'t I am a nell awl happy wnomian
again; thani.ts to M I'r e's Wine if (urdui.
I have >litr ,.l for four .ieai'r f"' wun i
trouble of the nol-t Ih rrl'o kind. Tiell
years ago I went to tl:o San .Autonii, lts
pital where t hey trf rmed nu ofI erat ion,
but it left mie ia a w r-e state than ever.
I went ti 1 r. .l,:1 2v and l Dr. l). Y.
Young, but the. ae 10 little relief.
After - pen l;ni, "! l I tl a n lit able to
leave my Ibed. and rn,-t orf thetime l i ll'erel
pamins t eqal a Othu-ai:l ,ia!aths. (n the
tenth of last (.).tol'r tiv frieni Mrs.
Stevens advi-i,,l te to try .M.',:ree's Wine
of I 'ardui. The lir-t lltt'o did men good,
and I got more, and to day 1 am a new
woman; am able to do all my cooking andi
houso-airk. I am running a boarding
ho,e and doing all the work myself. I
still use the Winoe, anl always keep it in
the house-it saved my life.
Mus.M.J.M1IEas, ,
Apploby, Texas.
As small letteri- h'Irt the siight, so do
small naltters hint '.h i. too much intent
ulotn thera.
For Gure ot Sprains, Brulses, 5T. JACOBS OIL 011n tlh
.. BASE BALL..
Field is lust what all plaUers Gall It, "THE BEST."
Clair ette
-air
Soap
Is not Behind I
The Times.
Neither are the women o
who use it. Thous- o
ands of thrifty house- t
keepers say that 2
Clairette Soap is an improvement on any soap
they ever used. Try it and compare results.
Sold everywhere. Made only by
THE N. K. FAIRBANK COfiPANY,
ST. LOUIS.
WALL ABOUT THE SILVER OUESTION.*M*
SOIN'S -,
FINANCIAL
e .-_SHOOL
Do you want to understand the Scienco
of Money? It is plainly told in......
COIN'S FINANCIAL SERIES.
This is a glorious opportunity to secure one copy
or the entire series SENT POSTPAID..........
No. I of our series is RI)IETATJLIRM AND MuON- Caterd to the readers of ( fIN'R FINANCIAL
OMETAILIBM. by Archbishop Walsh of Dublin, Scuoolr , anr d should only be' rP'ad by thoue ti ho
Ireland. Seventy-elght pages. An able docu- have read the '-C,h,,ol" lEv.ry Ioter in tihe
ment; 5 cents. Unlted States sho ,h r,'ad It. Popular edlitin,
No. 2 COIN's HAND BooK, by W. H. liar- ~' cents; better paiwr r edition. 5 cents; cloth,
ver. Deals with the elementary principles of 1.00.
money and statstics. Forty-six pages, 10 After May 1. a195. nll persons ordering "(ofln'
cents. Financial School" or "Up to Date. tcohifn 1I
No.2. ColN's FINANCIAL S('nOOL. by W. na'icial School Continued," In cloth, wtl ctl
H. Harvey. Illustrated-150 pages and fA illus- the two looks printed together and I ouatl .n
trations. It simplifles the fInancial subject so cloth for 1 ,40, sent postpaid. The two ',,o:
anordinary schoolboy can understand it. It is together make the most completo treatl_ on
the textbook of the masses, absolutely reliable the subject of money over printed.
as to facts and figures, and the most Interest
lag and entertaining book on the subject of Our special Offer.
mey publlshed. Price. best edition. papr, We send the following fo:r Cool:s rcerpal4
cover two colors, 50 cents. Popular edt- for 1100: Inimetallm andt Mnotnetall.um n
tise, cents. Cloth, $1.00. cents), Coin's Hand Itouk (10 cents), Coln' -s
No. 4 A TAIS Or Two NATIONS, by W. H. nnclal School (50 cent edition), and A Tule of
Htrve. A novel of 205 pages. A love story Two Nations .50 cent edition). 11.35 for l1 0(.
that Yes the history of demonetization and In ordering these. say 'Set No 1. of 4 books "
depicts the evil spirit and Influences that have We also furnish for Si 00 ilmetallisan and
worked the destruction of American prosperity. Monometallism 25 cents). Coin's Hand Book
A fthelasting and instructive book. It holds (10 cents), Coint s F'inatncial School (25 cent edl
thereader with wonderful Interest from begin- tion), A Tale of Two Nat ois (2.S cent edition),
nisa to end. Popular edition. 25 cents; extra Chapters on Sllver (ui. cent editlion , and Up to
quality paper, 50 cents; in cloth, hI.W0. Date. Coin's Financial bchool Continued (Q
No. I CsAPTtas ON SILVRt. by Judge cent edition). 11 35 for ft 0u. In ordering the
Hemry O. Miller of Chicago 110 pages. A looks contained In ths last offer, say "set Nao
book suitable for all thoughtful readers of the 2, of 6 books."
mosey q'stion. Paper only, 25 cents. For any of the fnrcoing 1 ooksor offers remit
No. 6. 'P To DATl. COI(, FINANCIAL r instamps postonfle mtoney order, express or
SCaOOL CONORTItD. by W. H. arvey. Illus- der. regl'terie letter. banka draft or currency,
trated, 200 pages and t0 illustrations. It it a but Do NOT use t.'rsonal checks, as the banks
history of Co., the lltt:e financier, piace de- cliar-e us for collectlng tlem. We are the au
Ulvertag his lectures in Chicago It is deal- thorized agents Address "
~~ORiGE URRIbR, General Agent,
194 8. ClQnton St., Chicago, Ill.
'5
I v, t ., t . 1 11r ,1 : ,t , in t111
" I n ! ' T '- . , ' ., I. I I
. I I ' I'ia.. .:j ,. .
Ant ( ;li . t r 1 v 
-'\ , ui I,· l t I .,
r i1. thl i s l, , r l  . 
Meta
Wheel
for your
Wagons
Any , ll ru.,
In.l r. hI 1 h.
Tir.. I to 4on
rhes : l , -
Colt tarny
tImet in a y
a vn to hae wet
of -'
to fit o r w.,it n
forh&,lla ni
irain, f ,d,:rr, I all
rewettnin or tme.
(atIl' f ret. Addre .
Empire -r. Co..
i . U. iux 33, Iulncy 11I.
W N U DALLAS 22-95
When Answering Advert sements Kindl)
Mention this Paper.