LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS.
VOL. II. NATCHITOCHES, LOUISIANA, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1895. NO. 14.
TE deficiency in our state revenu;
continues. Democracy is a costl3
name.
I r looks like the people desire to be
-obbed. they keep voting the two oil
tickets.
Ti'l;t issuing of federal. county ani
city bonds is a -in of l)eno','ati<
economy and prosptlrity.
)N I. trouble with is. and it is not
the least one, our govternment is tor
nearly oni the "l uropean plan...
Tiii. scarcer tiorney becomes the
rnm e i c e. exciting and reint''- il
ti . . .-kin same" cailed busine,--.
("1i 5 11 u0I i- niot such a ,i ',"
matter to the \\ a:e worker and pIroill
icr. as i, tii", opprt-,ion aind gresl o!
ci';nital.
TIERIE is noli otfher we., ill :he J11
L;:,; lan..;Ut e that co m 1 ti t rm ,
IIItlIh tiieCi"rm a d r;.t'a it. ait the
o'd s parit.
A.\'l hoi tihe'. -ay that P. \att
ilardin ( ului.rs' i .i 'i Litutks that
,being nmmiinat., it ,I a godbug
platform reuinted it
A- TriL. t,,athi, ' tlrns coil. taii in
I!,f ciie's and 1 . :"; tot':us as out Cs
taili hin., soip ho:-ses for "free
AI rl'ic'an toter'" i- heard
.It i as lonl as e elc2't sc tindreis
the rich will buy them-hence get
class laws passed. P'lain enough.
Look lback for thirty-live years.
l'lsE only safeguard of the people is
the ballot, therefore a Populist club
should be organi:ed at every voting
box. so as to secure a fair count.
'AKINiG the results of the late elec
tion as a guide, it looks like the sound
iuioneiy or ('!evelanil-liuglish Demo
crats arc Republicanis in disguise.
I'trv that Corbett. Fitzsimmous or
Maher can't get a chance at 6rover
(leveland and Johbn iernlan, the two
great heavy weight political prosti
tutes.
AEst: not (;rover Cleveland, John
Shermnan and John G(;. Carlisle tories?
Are they not, as otficials, working for
the interest of England, and therefore
trai tors?
LDIeo L.\ Iri' pension reform has
proven to mean a daily increase of
tne pension list. None but the un
suspecting expect reform through an
old party.
WrrTt the Initiative and Referen
dum system, the lobbyist would be
out of a job. and law-making bodies,
would remain honest and true to their
constituency.
Ir took 20u policemen to keep the
fools away from the door of the
church at New York. where the
"*Dook" of Marlborough and Miss
Vanderbilt were married.
SINcv. tie burial of the "'Sound
Money" - English - loving - Sherman
I'leveland Democracy, the Dallas
News has turned Its attenlon to sweet
potato raiin isn half page articles.
I r remains to be see how many
* cuckoos" will be --hatched" during
the sitting of the next congress.
President Cleveland is a successful
breeder, and as a '.fancier" prefers
the ggokll" strain.
Is you were to agree to pay five
cents on the dollar per week, simple
interest, on t5 for one year, )ou
would owe at the end of the year $13
interest, sad #5 principal, total #18.
Sce what Interest will do?
I)YtOCRATI~C reform is recognized
in the issniag of bonds in time of
peace, In a reductioo of the revenues
and consequent deliciencies. But a
C'leveland or Elgish Democrat-and a
KRepublican are the same.
ANDo now the lying Associated Press
after refusing to report the Populist
vote in any state, are sending the plu
tocratie dailies dlspatehes of the
--rumor" that the party will disband
in some state. LIars and liars.
Evustrruao Is going down in value
xcept money, which is steAdily ad
vacelag because of its scarcity. It is
now in order to ceat all salaruies of
mlcials from one-fourth to one-half
the larger the salary the larger the
red uction.
Tasa people fondly Indulge the hope
that the Republiena congress, soon to
meet, will paIs laws that will give re
lief from th-e grond[g conditious of
the preeit, but the1 are doomed to
lissppolntmnnt No reform ever esme
througll au old orgaization, either
relitgolens or plitical.
TImmiE en never exist but two sub
stanlsal polltical parties under anay
govermen iL is all that will sou
teed, and nil any people need for pro
teetio-the on for the claeu, the
o ther kl bl mi ee But when the
twogeta theimeo d of the e.
saw an elealy the two eM l pre
hn doe we fiel like vnt Igthe
modest assertien thst the Lieecratle
ray Snded ae--eid dor Trayr.
e A WICKED POLICY.
HARRISON'S SYSTEM CARRIED
OUT BY CLEVELAND.
The 'Payng olut of Gold Onlyl Iwvhen the
Law Says Cole, I Costly, Curruptlng
and Degrading, and Presdent Cleve
land Knows It.
"' ulminated by Jeffcriou and i:;i
trated by Cleveland is good. Jefrer
'on wrote to Hlamilton in February,
179: -..I concur with you that the
unit must stand oa both metal!.
Mr. (leveland makes it stand on gold
alone. Jefferson falminated a doc
trine that the people, not tie banks
and officeholders, should rule. Mr.
(lecveland maintains that he alone
iiouild fulminate politics and rule the
people through money and public
plundering. Monroe illustrated
the doctrine of Jefferson by
declaring that no European power
should acquire territory and domin
ion on the western hemisphere. How
t does the acquiesence of President
Cleveland in British aggressions
everywhere illustrate that doctrine?
Jackson had the coinage laws of 1837
passed, which opened the mints to
both gold and silver upon terms of
exact equality. Cleveland allowed the
mints to remain open for the
coinage of gold, but clocdl them
against the coinage of silver. If
Ct leveland is a patriotic American
what words of opprobium would be
sufficient to condemn Jefferson, Mon
roe and Jackson, whose policy wasdi
4 rectly the opposite of nis Imperial
b Majesty from Buffalo. The inheri
tance of a bankrupt treasury from his
Republican predecessor is good, but
it would be better to tell the truth and
let the people know that the treas
d ury was bankrupted tt the joint ac
tion of Ilarrison and Clcveland. The
act of 1190 made it the duty of the
secretary of the treasury to coin
r sufficient of sliver bullion purchased
r under its provisions.to provide for the
redemption of the treasury nojes is
sued under that act. lHarrison re
fused to do this, but assured Euro
pean speculators that the treasury
a of the United States would be open to
? them if they would present obliga
- tions of the government and they
might draw out the gold without
limit, although such obligations were
payable in either gold or silver.
s Upon this assurance the Roths
f childs' combination undertook to
- obtain gold from the United States for
1 the purpose of funding the debt of
Austria, amounting to 2.,400.000,000
of bonds payable in silver, into £2,
- 800,a00,000 payable in gold alone.
SLDuring Harrison's administration this
Austrian syndicate commenced re
moving our gold, and when Cleveland
was inaugurated in March 1893 the sur
plus had been drawn down to the limit
of #100.000,000. Carlisle hesitated, but
thne courageous Cleveland declared
that if Europe wanted gold, although
the government had the option to pay
in silver, he would pay the gold alone
for the benefit of European specula
tors without regard to the interest of
the people cf the United Staies. Our
courageous president then joined in
the hue and cry that the government
was bankrupt and would remain so
until the purchasing clause of the
Sherman act could be repealed. By
the patronage and power which
he possessed, and by com
mercial press wilich the banks,
owned, coupled with the ir
resistible power of money, he forced
the repeal of the only law on the
statute book that recognized silver as
money, and limited tl,., standard
money of this country to. gold alone.
This is what the Pennsylvania Demo
crate call Jeffersonian Democracy.
But the declaration of the Pennsylva
nia convention that Cleveland has led
" the people out of the slough of
despondency to the high round
of substantial and increasing pros
perity," shows such ignorance of
the condition of the country or such
barefaced lylong, that ought to make a
rhinoceros blush. The conspiracy of
Cleveland Democracy and John Sher
man Republicanism through their or.
gans to attempt to mislead the peo
ple and induce them to believe
that the misery they endure
on account of falling prices
and hard times is substantial and in
creasling prosperity, 1is the sublimity
of effrontery and cheek. Tbsh idea
that there can be any general
prosperity wh!o the administra
tion assumes that the paper
and silver dollars in circulation must
be redeemed in gold, and when the
only way to obtain gold is by borrow
Ing it and increasing the national
debt, is absurd. The gold standard
and prosperity can notexist together.
The policy of refusing to coin our own
money and borrowing foreign gold to
pay interest on foreign obligations,
must and in ruin. It may be that a
few factories have started because
the supply of the commodities
they manufacture was exhausted. It
may be that 10 per cent of the 40
per cent. relction ia wages in bome
instances has been restored. It may
aeo be true that the increased de
sad fq. structural Iron for building
perpees has locreased the sativity in
tIat lduestry. Outside of these spe
cml cases we would like to know
where this prosperity exists. We
find on visiting different sections of
the country that they have heard of
prosperity, but it is never in thatpar
tic ular locality. It is always somewhere
else. The cuckoo who drew the plat
form of the Democracy of Pennsylva
nia and classed Cleveland with Jeffer
son and Jackson excelled in fullsome
nonsense the courtiers who flattered
Charles I. in his evil course until he
was relieved by death. The office
holder and the goldbug journal who
has the gall to tell the people that
they have substantial and increasing
prosperity to please the president and
the kings, must regard falsehood as a
virtue when it brings office and
cash. -Washington Silver Knight.
EDITORIAL OPINIONS.
The Democratic party is on its last
legs and they are both sore. -Corsi
caua Truth.
Place a:1 currency on a perfect
equality. Make it all a legal tender.
with no exceptions. -outhern Mer
cury.
England marries our money, and
then claims the right to manage our
tinance.; we pay a high price for our
masters. -San Antonio Chronicle.
How can any man who earns an
honest living be satisfied with pres
ent conditions' And if you are not
satisfied, why vote for a continuance
of them.-Georgetown Sentinel.
The death is reported of the only
colored Democrat of Rusk county.
Rusk county seems in luck, as De
mocracy seems to be getting highly
colored in most other localities.
Texas Farmer.
The report that Mr. Cleveland has
bought a new encyclop:adia to aid in
getting up his next message for con
greess, is an evident mistake. It
must have been a dictionary.-New
Orleans Picayune.
This is the only depotism on earth
where it is a crime to ask for bread
when "civilization" refuses an oppor
tunity of earning it. Turkey builds no
prisons for the hungry.-Penn Yan
(N. Y.) East and West.
If the Democratic party would live
and triumph as a national party, it
must drop flatism at once and cease
to hold any sort of fellowship with
tiatists of the free silver or any other
brand.-Dal-Gal. News.
HIcro worship is a common vice and
one into which political parties are
quite apt to fall. It leads to that per
nicious practice of discussing men in
stead of principles. The latter, how
ever. are the essential thing, espe
cially for new and reform parties.
Indianapolis Nonconformist.
That old thief and pirate. John
Sherman, in his speech at Canton, O.,
last week, again openly endorsed
Cleveland and Carlisle. There is a
trio of Tore for you. Stick to your
old party-you aren't half hungry,
ragged and cold enough to do any
thing. Follow Grover Sherman John
Cleveland once more-just once more.
Denver Road.
'Ihe man who supposes there can be
cheap commodities and high wages,
as the goldites contend, cannot be in
structed. ie cannot learn that two
and two make four. If you have
cheap commodities, those who pro
duce them must work cheap, and if
labor organizations can maintain
wages by force, bankruptcy of their
employers will maintain paupers by
idleness.-Washington Silver Knight.
The News as I roph et.
T. H. Carothers of Athens, Tex., e
writes the Dallas News as follows:
A celebrated French writer used
about the following language in giv
ing utterance to what is well-nigh a I
truism: "There is always a some
thing in the misfortune of even our
dearest friends, which does not alto
gether displease us." On October 4,
The News published, editorially, this i
pyramidal phunnygraph: a
"*The pyramid up to date is built
like this:
For Sound Money:
Pennsylvania.
New Jersev.
New York.
Kentucky.
Maryland.
Iowa. I
Ohio.
270
For Free Silver:
Mlississippi. a
S18."
Yes, that's the way the pyramid4
looked October 4. 1895; but this 1
is November 9. 1895, and "the I
pyramid up to date is built like this:" I
Went Republican November 5. a
Pennsylvannia.
New Jersey. 1
New York.
Maryland. a
Kentucky. 1
lowa. d
Ohio. U
270. c
Went Demomcratie November 3: E
Mississippi.L
18. s
"You ply yoar money, you takera
your choice." t
As we understand it, there is no d' I1
ference between a "Sound moaey" I
Democrat, or Cleveland Democrat or
English Democrat and a Repubtican.
OF OCR CIRCULATION.
SENATOR VEST GIVES SOME
PLAIN FACTS.
In a Iteelent ,peech at I ayelte, n..1 He
IDer!ared lhat tme I'er (apitl (ircula
thn Iof lonely it I Siu Country D)oes
Not Feed S:$I3.
.enator Vest. in a let ent -peecli at
F'aette Mlo.. deciared taierc was or, a
$:L; .,per capita in circuittion. Fi eryl
one know, that cnator 1\cst is a
Ilemocrat. \\'e \e oniy a po:tion of
i.; w ech e :.-aid:
\We a:e to:d n.w,. by thele Ilttin
'ul.-hed ao-ties of ti singio gold
starlndarl, tat thi cou;intry has tol
Iuch monev: anti trialt there is to
dat l) circi;:ation tll;oln g the p,'u
pi" ,of trie i nitcd 1tates
17." for t'; ere man, womIan and
c!ii,; in tlt cotuntry. (h. i how happy
we are ti tihout allowing it' tlLaugh
t.'r.) 1 Twvti lt? -livie tol'.ars a.ni j evtnl
ce:nt. anu they ftlrtniTal ed is with a
ticeasulry re lor, t -lbowing :lir this de
ii ghtful con itui: n iof affairs. I have
htre .coiniiliatiorn whit I I havite Imatio
fromr tihe o.lciai reporrtnt of the treas
,ry departnr:nt, i-.trcud i. 1-3 by the
Isercatary of the trea;ury, showing
i:ow this e-timatu is a:"r iced at. Head
it. (C l. iiadlciilfe. \ut are younger
than 1 am. (I.aughter. My friends,
don't leave bectause we ;.re going to
read a few figures, Theseo tatistis
constitute the essence of the whole
controversvy.
Col. Radcliffe. a \enerable man
with a gray batad. readt as follows:
,"On July 1. 1S'.l3, the secretary of
the treasury in his report, gave the
amount of molnet i1n circulation as $2,
~2.:t,517,977. (In c\amination it was
found that in this ,tatemient an error
had occurred by rcauon of counting
both the gold and -fiver in the treas
ury and the outstanding certificates
which repres.ented t!iem. Another
statement was then made showing the
amroant of money in circulation to be
$1,73,14,951,057. o" si, 1.:,93,9:'3 less
than amount first reportedl. (Of this
sum, there were t.i17,6'7,6~5 in gold,
$615,li61, L11 in sliver and 52.3,3!91,
853 in notes. In this aggregate of
money in circulation among the pro
ple, the secretary includes $7.311~.
683 of gold buhi,on and #11:,111.911
of silver bullion not coined, and which
could not be in circulation. If th;i
sum be deducted cu have left $1.511.
299,593. Of this amount *96,519.fl 
in gold coin, $233.63,(i.99 in sitver coin
and $19,953, 19i; in notes were loc ed
up in the treasury xaaults. and. therc
fore, not in cirt lat.on. :f the:
sums be deducted, we have iv t $1.
399.191,:33,,. But thlis is not a:l. JIhe
report shows that in 193, tnere were
3,7>1 national banks ha\ ;ig restries,
by aw, of $:7;,0).1;)00, after de
ducting v, hi iº, there rema:ns
$t5,2l91,335. In additooa to tlih.
there were in 1593. 5',0;.i state.
savings and private banks, having re
serves amounting to $:;t7.1.( I;..s; .
which leaves in circulation ,5-1,'233.
067. But how does the secretary
know that in 1S93 there were S5i:7.
697,685 in gold bullion and coin in
circulation? lie took the amount of
gold in the treasury and in the na
tional banks on June ;0, 1892, $113..
000,)00. and added to it the estimat
ed total of gold in circulatio, *2').
000,000 thus making $135.0.00.,00.
To this he added all that had been
coined at the mints since 1x72,
with the gain or loss of gold exported
or imported as registered at the
Custom Houses, deducting $3,3.)0.0 l0
each year for the industrial arts,
which is far too little. The secretary
assumes that every doila: coined since
1872 is still in existence, and that non.
have been lost or dostroyed by fire.
shipwreck or otherwise. I do not be
lieve that there is any s-uchi amount I
of gold in circulation as #597,000,00.,.
I do not believe there is a gold coin
to-day in this audience, and the samen
statement can be safely made any
where in this country. If the treas
ury report is correct,. it is a sad com
mentary upon the patriotism of those
among us, who see the government
paying an enormous bonus to the
Rothschild syndicate to obtain gold in
order to maintain its reserve.
'.It would be correct, in my opin
ion, to deauct at least $2350,0J0,0),)
from the estimate of the treasury for
the amount of gold in circulation, and
this would leave the total amount of
money in circulation #l31,255,067.
*'Besides this the secretary in hi
estimate counted #419,332,559 of ,il
ver and $i77.415.723 of gold coin, or
#496,747,673. without deducting any
amount by reason of losses by fire and
shipwreck or otherwise, and If we fix
this sum at 19,674,767,. as tire total
loss from February 2$, 1878, to No
vember 1, 1893, it will leave the whole
amount in circulation $281.,80.303).
From this amount there should be de
ducted at least 10 per cent on the
amount of national bank notes now
outstanding, to cover losses by fire,
flood and otherwise, which would
make another deduction of $17,'71.
Sb~--leaving in actual circulation
4263.708.913. I'he totalpopulation of
the United States by the cenaus of
1890 was 62,622,~5. If we add 10
per coatn inocrease for the five years I
which haveeiaped since 189j, our
population is now at least 6a,8_l,.7b,i
mattiaK the per capita circulation
$3.84 instead of $25, as claimed by
the single gold standard advocates.
IE '.The result, and I think I have not
overstated it. is that instead of #$'.07
in circulation for every man, woman
and child in the I'nitee states. there
is in reality $:.KI. .\uAnd if. in order
a- to co\cr all errors. we mainke this .,
,* or even *10 per capita. ~i at i, the
comparison with the c:rc.ration we
have had in the past? What is the
comparison with thie condition of tnic
at coutntry immediately after thle 'ar.
i' wihen we had unrivaled prosperity
' and all mtten a'cre butry and happy.'
a 'We had then a c:re alation of $*17.. '
of p, r capita, arid I a-k tihe ment
of mIy age, antds e n t aounn;
- men than Ilyse.f. L or to-day,
id to go tbaak in IeIorllrty to t:aL
O conuitionr of the I nited States at that
) titte. I assert here Ino\ -a-ini nolody
0 knon it better than my-ef. for I
cameo back begrared fromr particilna
td tion in that str,fe --I assert t:hat there
y never was such pro-p'r ity in 'itsy
country ao irn the tie .e'ars tntmedi
n ately fol loa ing the wa,-. I declare
a here now that ;until thisn niser'able
- sy-tern of contractionl of the currency
c a, put upon the people by the It,
0o p:bl,can party the huln of business
a- and tile i, ymn of proslperity and coni
ce tent ascended from evcrv hilorne in the
ai "'l t a it ias -aid t:.at a?' must go
r to spacl payment, and llughi MI( il
i.loch. sc'retary of t:ae treiasury,
a bought in seventy-seven odd millionus
of greenbacks to bring the circula
c tiou down. Mr. Sherman,. as secre
tary of the, treasury, continued this
.n unholy work. What was the result.'
Seven long years of misery and dis
f tress, while the linancial life-blood
a spurted oat from the tingers of tite
American na-'on and clouds and
gloom settled thick uplon the land.
)r 'Take the oftcial report of Hugh
Met clloch. made to congres in lrti.,,
" in which he said that r:otwithstand
ts ing the ravages of war and the loss
r in lab)or th.s co.ntry had made un
e paralleled strides in prosperity. lie
l dec:arcd. aril it was the truth, that
s the people were out of debt; that they
; were pro-perous and happy: that new
enterprises were being originated:
that manufactories were being start.
Sed. railroads were being built, and
-hat the farmers were putting im
Spro'creonts upon their lands. The
I har.cers and money lenders saw their
I prey was ce-capieg. money was plenti
, f.rl. that there aaas no votaries in
- th tetpe e of the red demon of gold
Swhich was the place where they ob
n tained the gain. What did t:.cy do:'
dI They established this system of con
traction to griad their victims down
e ticn more, and immediately the
clouds gathered, tihe s:,nshine disap
e Icared. and famine and despair once
c mt:ore strode :tpon the earth: and here
. e stand to day. at the end of the
road,. confroting the legitimate out
come of thttee acars of contraction.
"'tall we go now aermanently to the
s: "gle gold standard forever. or sihall
we have gold and s:iver, the money
of the 'onstituticnt, u h: II o fathers
- left us? `Applause. .
•y -1 hale been called a great many
names, and I know I will be (ailed a
n t:at:rt and an inflationist neat. but if
f inflation will bring back prosperity to
our country and energy to our people,
then in (;od's name give as a little in
- tatisn. If we can again bring back
to darnened homes the sunshine and
Sfoy of othler days, let .s inflate.
n ,Applause. ;
'hoe above is all i Ight. cxcept when
the senator seeks to lay all blame on
e the llepubdican party. "1 he records
) show that Democrats Noted for every
i b;il that has brought about oaur pres.
F ent unhappy condition.
Il* ".'t, lut of Tlieti."
In erecting the 'gamut of theft."
a plutocratic paper publi-hed in
' Washlington, D. ('.. for a wonder, ad
auits it runs as follows:
ST'aking I$,03,O030J is called genius.
'Taking $100,0a0 is called shortage.
T'aking (.OJ)0 is litigation.
TI'aking $2ti.00U is called insolvency.
T'aking $10.00() i called irregu
t larity.
T 'aking o a))a0 is called defa:cation.
T 'aking i#a)C is called corruption.
Taking $:0a is called dishonesty.
T''aking ti') is called stealing.
'Taking $25 is called total depravity.
r Taking one ibram is called war on
I society.
Siere's jst the difference butween
SIthe three parties on the silver ques
rtion. T'he People's party favors the
free and unlimited coinage of silver
Sat tihe ratio of 1i to 1 witlhout any
euiavocation or delav. T'Ihe l)emo
Scratic party favors the free and un
limited coinage of silver. but the Re-c
publican party favors the free and
unlimited colnage of sitver, if--. The
.eop's of a silver state should not be
Slong in deciding which party is the
r most iikeiy to promptly settle the sit
ver question.--Butte (Mont.) By'
stander.
SNow Pat UFe.
SOwing to the apathy of the anti.
STammany element at the last election,
STammacy elected its ticket on a plu
Srality, and New York taxpayers can
r ow put up for those thrifty, con
'coeceless taLeatrra.
To Gain Weight.
PALE, THIN PEOPLE USUALLY
ARE DISEASED.
The First Thing Necessary to Gain Flesh
Is Health Then Proper Food for
Both Body and Nerves.
From the Joureal. {irkcs1lie, Mo.
Henry Gehrke is a thrifty aud prospel ous
German farmer, living four miles south of
Bullion, in this (Adair, county. Mo. ir.
Gehrke has a valuable farm and be hap
been a resident of the counuty for years
He is very well known hereat outs and we!
respected wherever he is known. Iast
week a reporter of the Journal stopped at
Mr. Gebrke's and while there tecanme much
interested in Mrs. G(ehrke's account of the
benefit she had not long since experiencel
from the use of D)r. Williams- link Pills for
Pale People. tShe said she lnted every
body to know what a great medlicine these
Iills are, but as so many Iople are prais
ing themn now-a-days. she modestly doubted
whether her testimony could add anything
to what others had already said of them
Her only reason for talking for publicatiin
about Pink lills was that the people of
Adair and neighboring counties might be
convincedif any doubted.,that oft-publishe'i
testimonials concerning Pink Pils were
genuine statements from thelllps of persons
who have been benefited by the use of
them. Speaking of her own interesting
experience, Mrs. Gehrke said:
"A little over a year ago I was completely
broken down. I had been taking medicine
from a doctor but grew worse and worse
until I could scarcely go about at all. The
least exertion or the mere bending of my
body would cause me to have smothering
spells, and the suffering w ss terrible. I
thought it was caused by my heart. When
everything else had failedt to relieve nme
and I had given up all hol es of ever being
anything but a helpless iuvalid, I chanced
to read some testimonials in the Farm,.
Field and Fireside, also in the Chicago
Inter-Ocean and the suffering of the people
who made the statements were so nearly
like the suffering I had endured that
when I read that they were so
greatly benefited by the use of Dr.
illiams' Pink Pills for Pale People I
did not hositate to go at once and pur
chase two boxes. I took them according to
directions and before the first box was used
I felt a good bit better. Iteally the first
dose convinced me that it was a great rem
edy. Before the two boxes were used up I
sent my husband after three more boxes.
so I would not be without them. Wiien I
had used these three boxes I felt like a dif
ferent woman and thought I was almost
cured.
"Since that time I have beeen taking
them whenever I began to feel badly.
When I began taking Dr. Williams' Pink
Pills for Pale People I weighed only 118
pounds and after I had been using the med
icine for about six months I weighed 121
pounds. I have had a goodappetite ever
since I commenced taking them and in
stead of mincing along, picking such food
as I could eat even with an effort, I eat
most anything that comes on the table.
I am not the invalid I was. I do not have
to be waited upon nowas if I was a helpless
child, but I work all the time, doing the
housework and ironing and working in the
garden without that dreadful feeling which
comes over a person when they are afraid
they are going to have one of those spells
that I used to have.
"Work don't hurt me any more. I hon
estly believe that had it not been for Dr.
Williams' Pink Pills 1 would now be in my
grave. I still have what the doctor calls
bilious colic but the Pink Pills have made
me much better and the spells are not so
frequent and are nothing like as painful as
before I began to use them. I would not
be without the Pink Pills for that disease
alone under any circumstances, to say noth
ing of the other diseases for which they are
especially recommended. I take pleasure
in telling my neighbors the benefits I have
received from Pink Pills and know of sev
eral who have taken my advice and have
been greatly benefited by them."
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People
are considered an unfailing specific for
such diseases as locomotor ataxia, partial
paralysis, St. Vitus' dance, sciatica, neu
ralgia, rheumatism, nervous headache, the
after effects of la grippe, palpitation of the
heart, pale and sallow complexions, that
tired feeling resulting from nervous pros
tration; all diseases resulting from vitiated
humors in the blood, such as scrofu:s,
chronic erysipelas, etc. They are also a
specific for troubles peculiar to females.
In men they effect a radical cure in all
cases arising from mental worry or over
work. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are sold by
all dealers, or will be sent post paid on re
ceipt of price, 50 cents a box or six boxes
for $l2..50, by addressing Dr. Williams'
Medicine Co., Schenectady, N. Y.
Goes to fires.
The Princess Waldemar, of Den
mark, has a high opinion of firemen.
She goes to all the fires herself, and
orders refreshments for the fire.
fighters.
A Lnerative BasILnes.
Guerita, the Spanish buUl fighter,
lias made (0.000 above his expenses
this year. He has had 77 fights.
NEW CHATTANOOOA LABORA
TORY.
Oae of the Largoes io the World-WLse
of Cardul Has an Immense sIale.
Chattaeooga, Tenn., Nov. 9.-The
Immense new laboratory of the Chat
tanooga Medicine company was com
menced to-day. Nearly an acre of
floor space is now used in making Mc
Elree's Wine of Cardui and Thed
ford's Black-Draught, but this new
annex doubles the capacity of the
plant. This business has become one
of the largest in the country and now
sends its leading product, Wine of
Cardul, to every part of the world. A
branch office has been established at
St Louis for the northwestern trade.
Poor Devil.
Queen Victoria has announced that
Marie Corelli is her favorite author
ess, her majesty having been speciaily
pleased with the story of Calvary,that
was called .Barabbas." Now Miss
Corelli is giving the finolshing touches
to a new book which is of modern
English society, andti which scores
the critics who have scorch.
ed CorellL She calls her
book *.The Sorrows of Satan."
She will give the devil his due, and
make her censors wish they were with
him.