LOUISIANA POPULIST.
Subscription $1.00 Per Year. There is No Free Country. Unle.s the Peoplc, Rulo. Price 5 Cents.
VOL. III. NATCHITOCHES. LA., I)E('EMBER II, 1891; NO. 1
DEFERRED.
Love came knocking at my heart
One summer day-
Came knocking sofil.vy at my Ieart,
I said him nay:
"Oh, May is merry. and June is long.
And gay with blossom and wild birds'
song:
The golden hours are free. are free:
What sweeter can you bring to mie?
I pray you, wait
Without the gate."
Was that a knocking at Iny heart
One winter day?
The faintest echo In my heart!
Tihe world was gray;
,nd drear the winter; my garden close
Lay chill and silent with drifting
snows.
I swung the portals open wide:
"Oh, enter, stranger, and abide!"
Love's ghost did wa:t
Without the gate.
-Celia A. Hayward, in Lippincott's.
A CLEVER PLAY.
"There! I have the satisfaction of
knowing what it is all about, and of
appearing dignified and firm at the
same time!"
Mr. Stanton ctsckled to himself as
be held a sealed envelope up to the
light critically.
"I told him I should return his let
ters unopened, and there this one goes
forull the world as if I hadn't an idea
of what it contains."
And with another pleased little gur
gle at his own sharpness, Mr. Stanton
placed the letter addressed :o "Luke
Stanton, Esq., Grand Hotel, Great
Startmouth," Into another envelope
and readdreosed it to "Adrian Stanton,
Esq., Turner Studios, Ruskin Road,
KenslagtonL" Then he rang the bell
and delivered it to the waiter to be
put Into the London poetbag; after
which be walked to the ba. window
and stood looking out upon tue calm
ma and long expanse of yellow sand.
Great Startmoutb is not a fashion
able seaside resort; indeed, it is chief
ly frequented by convalescent dyspep
ties, Anglo-Indians. with sallow com
pleions and short tempers, and other
invalids. Luke Stanton had come
there partly on account of his health;
partly because he held shares in the
aow hotel and other scemes for mak
lag Great Startmouth a little less fu
aera and a little more profitable. But,
greatly as the iuancler wag generally
euespisi with his companies and his
sebmses, at the present moment he was
tlaknag at neither, as he stood gas
tae bankly out on the beach, his
beads thrust deep into his pockets,
lagling the loose colas and keys there
to.
Mr. Stantoa was busy repeating to
hlmselt the contents of the letter be
had Jut seat bhae Adrian Stanton
was Mo only ma, who, by all the laws
a heredity and advisability, should
bv base his right hand. Alas, for
W erbshsdas at the world! Young
had Stltly declared to his
. easn thr. or tour yeeae pee
nie y , that he bated the dty; that
e maM mat ealeulate the commonest
Nam t imple laterest sad that he
wodd mesr saderatan the intriecies
at s sti enebaage-that, in short,
he detsted "buhines" and meant to
deotemself tot art. Luke steamed
ian l at bet ha eded i giving n,
4 aq hMs arcated ndifference
apn me pt, bad been net a little
Svsawhen, last year, the hanging
0pltates a Duurington House had ae
ped a sma l cavas signed "A
aste." True, It had been so hung
aet i wau pmslble to m It wtll
sat hIth a dioee meek, but that
stah ae * e man easeiiousty i
rra.  U ebre ood. Luke Stant
al4dmgt sasmelld to art, and was
-.. er gives n talang about "aey
ash stal," whLn all st onoe the
whole abrie topple sheout his ears in
Se - ghastly aalon. Addaan
eM to Mm as dayr with the noews
a. he ws eaed t be married.
at s es& but met mees erey
sslsss thpenl tal mrue 4a1s
e*m-hs, rahe Stante, a. great eny
aathemv y alk. at purm and moral
yagetailsw wa apeated to welcome
as S '1 4aw-a eaedel There
- a t hi fulest, and It ee
b enies web. .ut ot at house.
W aus anorrm fuseer attempts to
at a a h m* gsas bring him to a mora
adiilMe wine at mLn, but lasfee
: auktlet ai tn q shte at tah
Sto isp Ms abalewe, to cut
tealt -l Sa et hMs elehe
ta. Iylgn hls ather at the
eliebe, ath the a aye
lk Yh agi tnpt
Yr·i- + -
.hr met e
tenenss mesas
he 11had done no --o "" I tile letters
vlr a sttr~,llnlz bowl of water, read
I .,l, refa.stt-ned them and sent them
:back. 1He was just now rumiunating
on the hI1t epistle. It w't ill the same
strarin as usual;: Adrian aiskedl for no
money, was able, to sllpport his wife
s' by _-.s brush. modest ly enough. :sill
sufftticiently. b!t he wanlted his father
to recognize her, to know hler--lie
walnted reconciliation.
"And don't he wishh he may get it! I
recognize the hussy? Never! O)h! hi'
can sulpport her. (can he? ,So ntiltu the
better, for he won't get any help fromt
nie, now or at any other tine'. 1 know
what it is--l's afraid I'll marry
again"'
.ttd then Luke Stannon fell into a
reverie. After all, why nu:'? Many
men did marry after 6;0. and-and-.
lie looked at his watch hurriedly-a
quarter to 4: then his eyes eagerly
seanned the stretch of beach.
"She'll be getting back directly," he
murmured, and c(atcebng up his hat
went to disport himself along the pa
rade.
Presently he hastened his step a lit
tle as a slight figure in a muslin gown
futtered Into view at the far end of
the parade.
A "Oh, Mr. Stanton! You quite start
led me! How delighted to meet you!"
1e She was a dainty little person, with
a genuine complexion, big blue eyes
s and the most puzzling and bewitching
te hair, which seemed to run the whole
gamut of tints from brown to gold as
sunbeams played on It. She looked up
into tne old gentleman's face with the
most confiding expression.
"Isn't it provoking? There Is abso
lutely no news."
n "Really. I'm dellghted-I mean," he
e corrected himself hurriedly, "It is most
At extraordinary."
e "Isn't it? I came down here a week
1, ago to meet my aunt and uncle, as we
1, had arranged before they went abroad,
II and, to my amazement, found no one
e here."
r "Yes, yes," he put In soothingly. "It
v was very trying. Poor little girl. Poor
a child!"
"I should have gone straight back
t- to London if it hadn't been for you, Mr.
!- Stanton. You have been more than
t- kind to me."
1- "Not at all, my dear young lady. I
r was touched at the loneliness of your
e position, anxious to be of service to
r; to so charning a waif."
e She shot him a grateful glance.
"But I think I really must go home
now. I went to Oarlnfotd, as you
suggested, thinking that some letter
m ng'bc be awaiting me at the postoffice,
s but as I tell you, there was nothing. I
cannot think what has happened to my
friends. I feel I must go back to Lon
don to-morrow."
"To-morrow!!" Mr. Stanton stopped
aghast and looked down at her. "You
mean to leave Startmouth--"
D "Yes."
" "I-at least you will allow me to
see you safe to London-to your
friends. Oh! I forgot, my poor child
you are an orphan. But at any rate,
r you will let me take you back to the
I people with whom you were staying!"
"Oh, no" she said hurriedly. "I
could not tbink of tving you so much
t trouble."
t "Trouble! If it were not that It
means leiag you at the end, I should
el llt a pleasure. There! It issettled,
Isn't it? And what time shall we go?"
"Indeed, Mr. Stanton, I cannot ae
Seept your escort. It-I--the--oh!
can't you umderstand?
Her ace was turned away from him;
they had wandered away from the pa
rade on to the beach as she was draw
ag cabalistie figures on the shtty
sand with her parasol He looked at
I her for a second, and then be felt the
bloed rashlng to his hbead.
"My dear Mir Alban, do yo mean
that am e--that some on--
Slbs nodded, mt de~it from her
diagrams.
"Thattsome em has dared to hint
that- -y -know what I
Apparently ase did, for she answered
la l  voice:
"bt is It. I oiebeard .omtbhla
la the drawlang room this morning; and
what woud they say if you came to
Loades wlath me?"
SThere was a moment's pause, and
wlth' a sadden glp, Lake 8tanton
Splage manfully into the deep waters
at a declaratlon. They would ay la
Stab-at be col d t bear to oe
her, that be loved her, that he wanted
nothIng better than to bear her say
she wod be his wife. Would she sy
it bhere-ow He was an old man.
triple her age, no doubt-but-but-.
Het stoppl et out breath and red o
face, and Miss Albu coresd her fce
with her andas ad made a sawer
ees whm, hav·ing reoverud himself,
Mr. taba prssae h tell f arrier.
"I dIn't knew," she murmured; "I
mut have tme lt(ak. 5-am s ar.
Of eeurse ab ebld bare tie to
tltlt.Uil toDspew. Woeuld h be
Aa artn age sonnd an doubt
S t mmd tiesa came a -miere a
J phquq "Wees w pn so a webt et
t ud \viti, :;tar .r a I): k \:. 'rd gl:lIln e
1 Luke Stanton \\tli. l Ict .hk:(-kl t t
1 himself again as in lx'x , , n 'ou , It'<
( .yes feI ot n II:e ou\l of wt ur, o ,d
-A. Adiill ltt i. \ l'th hc v l rI:: ' ( i'xe t'.1
Adrian's h.lef r. H(, w o' lh Iis tinly
caught: and it w.:s nt :1 te of u ~'
I ing off h.s s I:.o to spite hi. a or
r Kittr:e Alban was as prettly a girl :s
an\y one t ot' '.X w:.sn. :init l i'1rfti", lit
t!' lady.
lie took llunulsual lai.l , v r lr!i drest -
big. erntiip:tld inu tnerabil! ti's. i11 '. 1
at lst wa s t rsre ali}. To his dii~nl y
I however, whena all tihet gusts. had ti'ed
In to table d'hlte he. had to realize tlat I
'Miss Alban, whose sea;g. it i needless
to .ay, was next to h:s own. was ab
81sei1t*.
On questioning the w\aitxr he r,^m
that Miss Alban's dinner had been
sent to her room. Luke was disap
pointed, and a little alarmtd. lie fid
geted :llxot after the meal in an aim.
less sort of fashion. and finally sent
a message to inquire after the absen
tee. The answer came back that Miss
Alban had a headache.
When a nman of sixty screws himself
up to a itn-lh of taking unto himself
a wife tinl' presenee of the dlear one
elect is netcessatry to prevent his re
fleeting too deeply on all that the s:ep
may mean, and the evening seemed
very long to Mr. Stanton.
No Miss Alban was visible at the
usual hour in the breakfast room, and
an anxious inquiry, less carefully
worded this time, elicited the same re
ply. Really uneasy now. Mr. Stan
ton penned a hasty note of condolence.
It began: "My dear Miss Alban," and
ended, "Yours always sincerely." The
poor man wandered about feebly until
lunch time, when the same thing was
repeated. A leaf hastily torn from his
notebook, on which he hoped that
"Dearest Kittle" would not forget her
promise, and would come down pre
sently and end the suspense of "Hers
always, L. S.," was this time pushed
under the door with his own hand, and
a few moments later a small three
cornered note was brought to him
with the laconic mommunlcation in
side of "4.30 on the parade."
It was an hour and a half to that
time, and it had to be got through
somehow. Luke Stanton was distinctly
Impatient. His mind was made up; he
would be able to spite Adrian and
his wretched little low wife, and at
the same time secure a delightful com
panion for himself. But he wanted
It settled. Surely no girl in her senses
could refuse--and the great charm
about Kittle Alban was her extreme
sensibleness.
He knew the exact spot on whidh he
would be sure to meet Kittle, and he
was hurrylng toward it when he car
romed against somebody coming in the
opposite direction.
, beg-why, what the deuce--"
"-lrherr'
Adrian Stanton held out his hand
persuasively.
"Come, father, you're going to shake
'hands? I felt that I must come down."
"Did you? Well, that's unfortunate,
because I'm going back to town."
"But, dad, do listen to me. I-"
"I won't listen, I tell you: besides, I
have an appointment. I can't stay."
The pink muslin frock was distinct
ly visible; Luke felt that the sltua
tion.was intolerable.
"One moment. You must stay. My
wife is here-you'll see her-you'll--"
"I'll see her d-"
"Directly, won't you, Mr. Stanton?"
a soft volce broke In before the unpar
donable word was uttered.
"Miss Alban," stammered Luke, "this
is my son. I--"
"I know," and to the old man's bor
ror and amazement Klttle slipped her
arm within Adrlan's-"and my hs
band."
Luke Stanton's face became purple;
be opemed his mouth to spelak, and tbem
all of a sudden stood silent. "My dear
est Kittle, always your own, L. 8."
The words seemed to btss round him.
And without giving Mmself time to
collect his thoughts Kltte began to ae
plain; the ideas had been hers; the doe
tor bad ordered her sea air and quiet
and had suggested Great Startmoath.
Immediately afterward Adrian had
heard of his fathers Intended stay
there, and dre dInsisted on having her
own way. And, now be knew her,
wouldn't be have a lIttle merey?
Adrian broke nla. Couldn't he under-'
stand? Here Luke broke in quickly.
He would see them later at the hotel.
But uas he walked oR Kittle ran after
him and pressed a crumped paper In
to his hand. He opened It appreben
dvely. It was his own note, and be
hind it was scribbled hastily: "Forget
all this. No one ,mall ever know.
Whatever you decide, believe that."
A famnly party of tkree dined In Mr.
Stantoa's privtrate room that night, nad
at desert Mrs. Stanton, Jr., received
from herb father-in-lsw as a wlding
,pwat, a chbeck for $1,000, writtep,
aet on a proper form, but on a iheet
reum a notebook.
'Quer old eblp! Faacy, wrlpng a
ek on a s rap of paper lke that"
tmaskesd Adrian afterwards; but
Mrs. Adrian only Isaua. e ndcer
m4,--eaam Wentl
FARM AND GARDEN NOTES,
ITEMS OF TIMELY INTtRk'ST TO THE
F&RMERS.
r Experiments With Breeds of Hlogs-..Killine'
Horn Flies--Value of Heated Crair..
Bone Meal for Stock.
1 BONE MEAT FOR ST'ICK.
Almost every good farmer salts his
I tock, but how manyltl of thel- give thleir,
I animals bone meal? Cows need it in
making milk and young animals need
it for bone growth. ()!(l lastures are
especially deficient in this material. It
has gone year by year to the dairy a:id
.1ie slaughter house, until there is but
little left. This is why cattle search
for bone and consider charcoal a deli
cacy.-American Agriculturist.
VALUE OF HEATED GRAIN.
Grain that has been heated will not
do for feed, nor will it make good!
bread. If grain is at nll damp when
thrashed, it should be thoroughly dried
by spreading it on the floor in a dry.
1 airy ,lace and shoveling it over twice
I a day until it is quite dry. Anyhow,
even dry grain will heat, because un
less it has been kept in a stack or in a
mow long enough to go through a fer
mentation or full ripening, which it
will do when gathered in large bulk.
this fermentation will occur in a gran
ary,and will be liable to injure the
grain, destroying its value for see;l or
bread. Heated grain is sweeter than
other grain, an]. may be used to advan
tage for feeding to aunimals. It is al
ways best to crush or coarsely grind
wheat or rye before feeding it, as it Is
better digested.--American Farmer.
e OIL OF SASSAFRAS.
Yes, sir, oil of sassafras will kill lice
on old and young chickens, and if you
think it worth publishing I will give
your readers some more of my experi
ence with the oil, says a correspon
dent to the Poultry Keeper.
All who are raising chickens know
that the greatest trouble with young
chicks is the large gray head louse,
which kills more chicks than any dis
ease they are afflicted with.
I cannot agree with some of your
readers who are advocating the use of
lard to kill lice on little chicks, as I
have killed about as many with the
lard as I have saved from lice. For lit
tle chicks the sassafras oil beats any
patent medicine yet invented. After
finding that the use of the oil in the
food will kill the pest on grown chick
ens, I tried it on chicks. Whenever I
set a hen I give her every third day
ten drops of oil in a little bran or meal
until she is through setting. As soon
as the chicks are two days old, I give
the hens and the chicks a fourth of a
teaspoonful twice a week. I have at
present sixty-two chicks five weeks old,
and they are the finest looking lot I
ever had. I prefer sassafras oil over
everything I have ever tried for lice
for the following reasons: First it is
no troble at all to use It, as it is given
in the food; second there Is no danger
of killing any chicks with it; third
there is nohandling of the chicks. Kero
sene emulsion is excellent. I tried it
as soon as I found it would kill lice,
and it is excellent to put in whitewash
used for the hen house.
EXPERIMENT WITH BREEDS OF
HOGS.
The Iowa experiment station is now
conducting what promises to be a very
interesting and instructive experiment
with the different breeds of hogs. The
plan has been to secure typleal brood
saws of a number of the different
breeds from prominent breeders of the
same, keep them as nearly as possible
under exactly similar conditions, keep
a strict account of the food consumed
by each breed, and give the result to
the public. We had the pleasure a few
days ago of looking over the animals
selected, says a correspondent of "Wal
lace's Farmer." The breeds chosen are
Poland-China, Berkshire, Chester,
White, DurocJersey, Yorkshire and
Tamworth. In addition to these one
high-grade Poland-China sow has been
bred to a Tamworth and another to a
Yorkshire. The Tamworth and York
shire are very distinctively bacon
breeds, so that there will not only be a
comparison between the breeds that
have so long been subject to American
conditions that they have assumed the
Aecrican type-namely the Poland
China, Chested, White, Berkshire and
DurocJersey--but the two English
breeds are in highest reput for the
production of bacon. These types are
quite distinct and the Tamworth es
pecially is radically different from the
four breeds above mentioned. It is
long, very deep and narrow In the
back, with a prodigious nose and very
large, erect ears, so that when one
shakes itself after being la a muadpd
die the bystanders need to look out.
Mirror and Farmer.
F FARMING FIRMS.
The business of farming, when we
ateop to think of it, is seen to be carried
on ;.lmost by IndIVltllnatS. To recognllZe
this fat 1, sutti.iunt to induce mo:'e
tlih;kili. -a gfood deal more. Here Is
a conditini novel and peculi:lr. In all
o:iir in portant litnes of bIsilljness men
ctotibine together. lutL the tiln of
la:m"er & Co. is htrdlv ,-evr hetard of.
VWhy ..hoiuld there not be f:armin_ firms
as well ais tir:s o llf:l man cturer
brokers,. :lawyers or Fie chanics: Farm
et'a:tre lotldest anti take back :eats. al
though theirs is the o'!d st and greatest
industry. the lmost important busin.itess
of all. How I:uch they nti-ht do that
loW falls. short of i'onmpl:slmlent. if
they would join hands more and shun
each othlr less.
A farnner owns a large farm. ult has
hardly any working capital. Ils next
neighbor has very little land and ilen
ty of money. There is a chance for a
ipartnership by whic h loth may pro
fit. A farmer has a good farm an]!
knows well by experience how to man
age it, but is unable to d) hard work.
lie knows a man wha, has no practical
knowledge of farming. ,but lie has
health and strength, is anxious to
t learn and willing to labor. T'hese two
I mn should be able to come to an agree
1 met to work the farm together. A
I farmer has more land than he can take
e are of. IIs boy. having reached his
majority, is albout to leave--he doesn't
know when. or for what. Why doesn't
the father take the boy into partner
t ship and keep him at home's A far
- mer is growing old, and cannot carry
on his farm himelf. hiring help is
unsatisfactory. lie wi:l sell or rent
Sthe old farm, and he and his wife. with
sorrowful heiarts, will fairly retreat
into a city. Itetter take as a partner
on the fa:rm an honest nman with youth
and strength. Thnt he and his wife
- might spend their declining years
I where they could take comnfort.
SAside fromi farming on shares, it is
a remarkable fact that scarcely any
thing like plartnership exists in general
farming. In a land where many are
always unemployed, this ought not to
be, for labor is a great factor in farm.
ing. In the farm firm. not only land,
stock, ma(chinery and money, but hon
esty, youth, health. strength and en
thusiasm, count in the investment.
New York Tribune.
KILLING HORN FLIES.
The following bulletin on this sub.
ject is lssued by the Purdue Untiver
r sity agricultural experiment station:
f At this season of the year cattle are
[ suffering from the persistent biting of
the horn fly. This fly, which is smaller
than the house fly, congregates In col
onies about the base of the horns, along
r up the back anti sides, at tender points
about the tlanks and udder, and on the
belly.
[ This fly sucks blood froml cattle, and
so Irritates them as no doubt to retard
1 the laying on of fltesh with beef cattle
I and the rrcduct~on of milk by milch
cows.
I Many substances have been recom
t mended to keep away the flies. The
Mississippi experiment station recom
i mends two parts cottonseed oil or fish
roil and one part pine tar. This station
applied this mixture to 350 head, at a
3 total cost for material of ;52.20.
Kerosene emulsion has also been
r used, spraying It over the cattle with a
I knapsack sprayer. The files are killed
- by the emulsion if it touches them. The
t emulsion may be made by mixing at
, the rate of one pint of soft-soap (or
I one-fourth pound of hard-soup dis
solved In boiling water) and one pint
of kerosene in fifteen pints of water,
thoroughly whipped and churned to
gether.
At the Indiana experiment station we
have tried different substances to keep
away the flies. None of these were ef
t fective for over two or three days. We
Share tested a preparation called "Shoo
I Fly," which answered very well for
ttwo days. The main objection to this
Is Its cost, 50 cents a quart, or $1.50 per
gallon in three. five and ten gallon cans.
SOne quart will do for one application
Ion about 50 animals. We have. how
Sever, secured fully as satisfactory re
rsults by using a quart of fish oil in
Swhich was mixed about two tablespoon
Sfuls of crnde carbolic acid. Fish oil is
00 cents per gallon In Lafayette. These
Sliquids are applied on the body with a
Sflat painrt brush about four inches wide.
SFish oil is especially disagreeable to
a files, and is probably largely used in
Sthe special preparations sold at high
- prices. There is one objection to us
ing any form of tar, that it makes the
Shair sticky, and accumulates dirt,
t and so gives it a bad appearance.
8tockmen would do well to break up
e the manure In the pasture whenever
Spossible, as the fies deposit their eggs
I in it. From these the young are de
Lveloped. If the manure is gathered up
or broken to pieces within a day or so,
and if remedies to keep off the files are
- applied to the cattle, the insects will
e disappear early in the eason.--Tbe 811
a ver Knight.
r The trial, conviction and execution
a of Wright, the Nevada murderer, cost
the State of Missourl only $400, ex
- ,lusive of the $100 rewardnl offered by
the Governor.
Fort Etaan Allen. Vt., is to have a
band barracks and additional offcers'
Squarttn whlch means that it will
I pqot be a regimental post.
EXPENSIVE FROGS.
They Came From France and Cost 525
Apiece.
A. I' ('uming, a lawyer, of this city,
while srl'nting his vacation in France
during the p)at surmmer. bought three
frogs, for which he paid the high price
of $25 each. Iest, publication of that
f:act encourlage local dealers to im
agine that they nuiy be able to work
off more frogs on Mr. Cuming at that
fant.y 'rice. it is well to explain that
tm,' frogs that he bought are not con
sidetrcd good to eat, that they are so
Ssimall that a good meal of them would
* cost several hundred dollars. and that
hei is not passionately fond of that
sort of diet. These frogs are simply
good to look at. Nothing more. They
arc only about three and a half incbes
long. when fully extended, and possibly
a fraction over an inch high when sit
- ting up to take an interest in their sur
rouundings. or half that thickness when
they flatten th'mllselves on the glass of
their aquarium home and stick there,
* for hours at a time. like gobs of green
Snmud. Their backs and sides are of a
pretty shade of gren,. which changes to
the exact tint of any foliage, lighter or
darker green, upon which they place
thlemnselves. Their bellies are white,
t their throats bright yellow, their eyes
t shining black, and over each eye is a
i crescent of bright gold.
The variety of frogs to which they
i belong has been foutnd only in the fresh
i water lagoonLs running into the Medit
t terranlean, and even there they are not
abundant, nor is their capture easy.
t They were bought at llycres, near Tou
r ion, and were considered a good lair
l gain at the price Mr. Cuuling paid for
them. There is considerable diversity
of color among those found, and their
value depends altogether upon their
beauty. Sometinies one is found darkly
bea utifnuly blue, and it is worth $i5t0.
that color being exceedingly rare.
They are very dainty little creatures.
Flesh pure water must be given to
them every day. and they will eat noth
ing but live winged insects, flies. but
terflies, moths, and bees from which the
stings have been extracted. Mr. Cam
ing has ben urged to try the effect up
on one of giving to it a healthy bee lit
full working order, but refuses to do
so fearing that the experience might
shock too greatly the nervous systemn
of his costly pets. They will not touchl
Insects with hard wing cases, such as
cockroaches, and high-flavored ones are
scorned by them. And they do not know
e that worms of any kind are good for
f frogr. When one of the little creatures
r is put In possesion of a huge night
moth, bigger than itself.. It beglin to
swallow by the head, and neatly fold
s ing in the broad spreading wings by
a dainty manipulations .-with its hands,
gradual!y gets the, insect down. some
times taking as much as half an hour
In the process.
Mr. Cuming is now occupying his
leisure time in educating his frogs.
They know him. pearebh fearlessly on
his fingers, and have learned to jump
over a trapeze, climb a rope, and do
e other things that encourage him to
hope for a high development f their
abilities.-New Yrk Sun.
Made a Living Easily.
I "There Is no need of a man starving
t or begging in this world, and the speak
i er, a well-dressed man, bestowed a look
Sof mingle pity and contempt upon a
t poor specimen of humanity that had
r struck him for a dime. "I came to
- Omaha a week ago without a red cent,
t a white cent or any other colored cent.
Just one nickle was my pile. What did
I do? Go out and strike some man for
a quarter to buy a meal? Go out and
s rustle for a job while I was starving?
No, sir; I went to a cheap hotel where
my baggage was suflSicent guarantee
for a rosinm and a few meals.
"After engaging a room I hunted up
a drug store and invested my nickle in
one of these little bottles of perfume.
Then I jollied a cigar man into giving
me several sheets of tin foil used in
keeping tobacco moist. With these I
returned to my room and confiscated
the slab of castile soap which orna
mented the saucer on the washstand.
I cut it into pieces about a quarter of an
inch square. Then I poured about half
a pint of Missouri water into the basin
and into it emptied the perfume. My
next step was to drop these chunks of
castile soap into the perfumed water
and leave them until they were scented.
"After they had become quite sweet
scented I took them out. wrapped them
in the tin foll and was ready for bus!
ness. Going into the residence pmrt of
the city where the houses were small, I
made a canvass and sold these pieces of
P soap for twenty-five cents each. Peo
r ple thought they were samples of some
a wonderful new soap warranted to take
out greese spots, no matter how deep or
P how ancient.
"Well. yes; perhaps I did tell them so.
e But if I hadn't I wouldn't bate sold the
Isoap, I couldn't have paid my hotel bilL
Sand if I hadn't paid my hotel bill I'd
have been thrown out and maybe have
brought up in the police court. So I
3 think I did right. Anyway, my con
t science does not trouble me.
S"After I had sold oaut the first install.
Smeat I had $1.,0. With It I purcasmed
some more perfume and some more tin
I foll and was ready for the second
Sbatch. These I sold in another part <a
' the city, and realized so much that t
11 paid my bill and am ready to go west
on the evening train."