LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS.
VOL. II. NATCHITOCHES, LOUISIANA, FRIDAY, DECEMBEHI 20, 1895. NO. 1s.
an in llli n lll-n -- _ nn n l ilaIINI gI il
A MAN who will not pay his taxes
should be disfranchised. He is a
drone In the hive.
CLEVELAND and Carlisle are bood
d lers. ani Tories and traitors, andl
the bond issues prove it.
Jlor.1 your nose and breath, Demo
crats, while Cleveland sells more
bonds, and get ready to vote the
ticket "agin."
lih footing up the total vote cast for
county otticers in Colorado. it is shown
that the Populists carried the state
iy 70;U) majority.
A ves-t:1v', stub-tail, bench-legs
god dog that sits and barks at the 1
moon, has more honor and patriotism
than a "cuckoo" Democrat.
'(Co'r," commercially speaking,
means the purchase price of the
goods, freight, drayage. insurance,
taxes, clerk hire, rent, fuel and lights.
Ir costs less than 6 cents on the dol
lar to mine gold in Colorado. How
about the i-n t-r-i-n-s-i-c value ?
Can't you noa sec that l-a-w makes
money .'
A mo)rPt Tory is a man who helps
England rob our people by advocating
the single gQid staudar'd; and. be
tweet, a Tory and a traitor theru is no
differcuce.
iluo u the deapatches wc learn that I
another bond issue is under consider
ation. Cleveland and Carlisle should I
be impeached, and* Cleveland bau- I
ished from the country. .
EVE-tv Populist that knows where
he is "at" will steer clear of the free
silver Democratic primaries. It is I
worse than folly to expect reform inu I
an old organization.
ALL the wrong, and corruption in e
goverament are brought about by t
rascals and fools: 'I'n ra-cals (old 1
party leaders) lead and the fools vote r
as told. The rascals do the rest. t
f
('I.s:vELANID's message was exactly e
as was ordered by the money power.
lie has not deceived any one, not
oven the L'Pgulists for' they expected r
just sueh un-American utterances. c
Wuio is the chief among fools, if it e
is not the man who complains of hard g
times and then votes a l'emucratic or
Republican ticket, thereby perpetuat
ing the conditions he complains of? f
SPEAKIKn; of Democracy, we would v
ask. with Webster-
"Is it true, that thenou art but a name,
And no essential thing'' t
Yea, but a flitting remembrance. f
Wn do not need either monarch its p
or anarchists in this country. Cleve
land and John Sherman and their I
gangs should, along with Herr Most p
and his sympathizers, be driven from O
the country. C
liox. M. M. (BaI:c) Po'o sor is to b
take the lecture field: Stubect: A
"AAmerica for Americans." Ills pres
ent address is No. I. Broadway. N. Y. t
"*Hrick" is a patriot and a hard hitter
- h true reformer.
TuE true Americans, or "Jingoes" ti
as the 'Tories call them, will regain a
control of this country and then the
F'nglish loving traitors who have been
tryleg to sell us to Rothschild will e
stand frolth mader.
THE Populists have six members in
Wbe United States senate, and they
have agreed to stand alone and refuse
to vote with either the Democrats or
Republlcanas in the organization of
that body. Irave men and true.
Ir is a question in the minads of the
proprietors of the two saloons in the
basement of the capitol building at ii
Washinglton whether the present con- O
gresa, being Republican, will drink
more or less whisky than its l)emo
cratic predecessor. a
Tile trade made by the )emocrats t
and Republicaas of the senate is no i
surprise; there being really no dffer-
saco tlheo lpubllcans name the com
mittees and their clerks, and the Ii
Demoarats the o'ceers of the senate tl
"How lovely for brothers in unity to a
Iwoll." a
SVIATos ALLEI'5 bill to disfranchise
and puniash by floe and imprisonment
say eitiaea who shall solicit or accept a
a tsie, patent of nobility or degree of
hoesr eou any foreign aatioa, is a
spes'. The l'opuliats will get this
"irn*mt back to oregmal prie.t
WaUI we e*es to look at some
mea la the tows, we are led to ia
juli, with Pope
'"What me emmeble sots, or s'aves, or cow
Aud to bear these amre chaps. staad
lag areead La grups on the corners,
is ated cloth.. with wo food at P
heme Sr their fasimliles, and halif the a
. TIIfRtW *roiPz. kalthg about being t
*4ele .,rin we have too much
DEBS ON POLITICS. *
HE ADVOCATES THE NEW PEO
PLE'S PARTY.
Says Men Have Long Been Derelved- I
With Uncoln, He Believes All the
People Can Not Be Deceived All the
Time.
Eugene V. Debs in Chicago Evening
Press: In a free country where the peo
ple are the sovereigns, as is supposed
to be the case in the United States, and
all the people have the ballot, all are.,
or ought to be, as the phrase goes, "in
politics." Indeed, if they exercise the t
"divine right to rule," which is done
by the fiat of the ballot, they are "in i
politics." If they do not vote and there
by abdicate their sovereignty, they may
be said to be "out of politics" and aliens
In their native land.
Now then, let us inquire, What Is poll
tics? Webster defines the term, and he
will be accepted as standard authority.
I quote the "unabridged" definitions in
full:
"1. Politics is the science of govern
ment; that part of ethics which has to
do with the regulation and government
of a nation or state, the preservation of
its safety, peace and prosperity, the de
fense of its existence and rights against
foreign control or conquest, the aug
mentation of its strength and resources I
and the protection of its citizens in
their rights with the preservation and
improvement of their morals.
"2. The management of a political
party, the conduct and contests of par
ties with reference to political meas
urea in the administration of public af
fairs, the advancement of candidates to
office.
"3. In a bad sense artful or dishonest
management to secure the success of
political candidates or parties.
"4. Political trickery."
In the foregoing we have Webster's I
definition of "politics" as practiced in
the United States. I am particular in
giving these definitions because I have c
reasons for believing that the masses of
the people were never before so pro
foundly interested in politics as at pres
ent.
Hitherto men have voted with the
parties with which they were affiliated,
right or wrong. They were democrats
or they were republicans, without a
reason why. They marched, they shout
ed and voted for the supremacy of their
party, accepted professions as honest
which proved to be false, and platforms
which were made to be disregarded, to
find out at last that they had been the
victims of the vilest duplicities that
were ever concocted, of politics "in a
bad sense," of "political trickery." They
'were not to be blamed specially for
their allegiance to the two old parties,
for, in sooth, they must vote for one or 0
the other because there was no other b
party with which they could affiliate. 11
It was the sage remark of Abraham Fi
Lincoln that "You can deceive all of the 1
people some of the time and some of the I
people all the time, but you cannot de- I
ceive all of the people all of the time." s
No one doubts that Abraham Lincoln b
had the ability to write political max- t
ims, and, subjected to analysis, his F
proverbs are found to be absolutely
true. For instance:
"1. You can deceive all of the people ti
some of the time." a
Inevitably. If there are but two par- p
ties and both of them are political "in n
a bad sense," "artful and dishonest," 1i
what matters it for which party a man v
casts his vote? He is the victim of de- d
caption in either case, and that is just a
what has been the matter during the 4
past quarter of a century. The people q
have been deceived all the time. They a
have been jumping from the frying pan c
Into the fre and then jumping from the p
fre ante the trying pan-deceived every 3
time and all the time. 2
"2. You may deceive some of the peo- II
ple all the time." 6
In politics the statement is absolutely ti
lncontrovertible. We see it illustrated o
on every hand and at every election. I1
We see men wedded to their party idols n
and worshiping them with pagan Mol- ;
atry. They will not be undeceived. ,
They have eyes, but, like the potato, n
they cannot see; they have ears, but, 7
like the cornstalk, they cannot hear; a
or, if they do see and hear they ar so a
dsebauched by the inflaueace of "polities p
in a bad sense," by "poHitical trickery," a
that no facts, no arguments, no logic, ci
and no calamities can ialence them,
and they have to be let alone. a
"3. You cannot deceive all the people a
all the time." s
In saylng that Mr. Lincoln rose to the n
subllmo heights of a mental phlloso- si
pher. He stated a truth of universal i
acceptance, a truth that is the last hope ii
of humanity. But to undeceive the peo- b
ple, to get their conusent to renounce n
error and embrace the truth, requires la
timae, labor, acrnilce, indefatigable ef- a
fort.
In politics, it men see clearly that d
tm parties with whiceh they have been w
-a-ste are forever wrong, and that 3
by dasgrtag ue and Jolning the other *
aenrds eo relief, that the principles and a
olLcies of both are alike vilcious, the at
At sIgn that you eannot "deceive all tl
tho people all the timo" will be a de
md hor a new party, a party pledged
to the resorm of abra sad tU ea"s- w
agtem .t the peple tream "poUltea in aI
W aI s e" r as "ps tes triewr." tj
a party pledged to the enactment of
wise and just laws and an honest, clean
admiialstration of such laws.
The two old parties, the democratic
and republican parties, have been re
peatedly condemned by the American
_ people, but, as has been remarked, no
relief to the people came from such con
demnation because in abandoning one
and flying to the other the victories thus
achieved, instead of affording relief.
only perpetuated the evils complained
of, and hence the demand for another
party to which men, determined to be
deceived no longer men of courage and
conviction and possessing the power of
self-emancipation, could go and work
SI out the political redemption of the coun
try.
e The new party that has come and
° has come to stay is the people's party.
It has come because you "cannot de
ceive all the people all the time." It
s has come in obedience to the honest
patriotic thought of the nation.
e If there were those who believed that
the people's party would vault intc
power like a fabled Minerva, full-growr
and ready armed to beat back the eno
mies of honest government. they shoul"
remember that the present is not an age
t of miracles nor of mythology. Politica
f parties are of slow growth, but if they
only "the eternal years," but men who
will not be deceived, are pledged to
their final triumph.
The patriots in the people's party
a have a right to feel encouraged, be
cause from 1892 to 1894 the gains in
the party exceeded a million votes,
I establishing the fact beyond contro
versy that "you cannot deceive all the
people all the time."
THE PASSING SHOW.
tA Few Soap Shots at an Endless Pro
cession.
Jeffersonian simplicity is no longer
"good form" in America. Presidential
S etiquette is daily becoming more and
more like that of the royal court of the
little island which dictates the finan
cial affairs of all the vast continents
of the world. Our president has been
guarded day and night by soldiers ever
since the day that his election was an
nounced. He is never seen walking out
side of his castle. Detectives are by his
side even when he condescends to al
low the people who have him hired to
shake his flabby fat hand in either pri
vate or public receptions. He and his
r cabinet have at their disposal free of ex
t pense all the vessels of the United
States fleet, and right royally do they
"spread it on," cruising about the
lakes on government vessels. An iron
clad battle-ship may yet be converted
into their private use for a duck-shoot
ing excursion.
Sugar is now handled by wholesalers
r on commission only. No wholesaler can
r buy sugar. He takes it, pays for it, sells
it at the price the trust dictates, sends
In the money, and if he swears he has'
not cut the price, gets 3-16th cents a
pound rebate at the end of the month.
If he refuses to da this, he can't get
sugar at all. Coffee is also thus
handled. O, we've lots of liberty in
this land of "competition!"-Appeal to
Reason.
Washington, D. C., Oct. 20.-In his
tenth annual report, devoted to strikes
and lockouts, which has just been com
pleted, Hon. Carroll D. Wright, com
p missioner of labor, computes that the
loss to employes in establishments in
I which lockouts and strikes occurred
during the thirteen and a half years
t ending June 30, 1894, amounted to $190,
493,382, and to employers to $94,825,837.
The loss to employes on account of
strikes was $163,807,866; and on ac
I count of lockouts, $26,685,516; to em
ployers on account of strikes, $82,590.
386, and on account of lockouts, $12,
235,451. The number of establishments
involved in strikes in this period was
69,167, and the number of persons
Sthrown out of employment by reason
I of strikes 8,714,406, making an average
loss to the employes of each establish
I ment of $2,368, and to each person of
$44. The number of establishments in
volved in lockouts was 6.067, and the
number of persons locked out 366,690.
These persons lost an average of $75
each. The assistance given to strikers
Iand the subjects of lockouts during the
Iperiod amounted, as far as ascertain
able, to $13,48.,704, or a little over 7 per
cent of the total loss to employes.
These figures are taken from an as
sociate press report, and of course they
are intended as an argument against
strikes. It is true that the employes
nearly always lose more money in a
strike than the employers-but the mil
lions of dollars lost every year by work
ingmen for not striking at the ballot
box are ten times greater. The strike
may not appear on its face to be a sue
ceas-but who knows how low wages
might have been but for the efforts of
organised labor. Perhaps millions of
dollars have been gained in keeping up
wages through strikes and other means.
But a greater gain has been made in the
education of laborers to the necessity of
uniting at the ballot-box. Let u.s all
strike together, and the contest of a
thousand years will be settled.
Why is it that men who are ber~s to
work" do not fnd a job that was born
at the ..e tise for their age.Pms q
tisa?
: THE LATE BOND DEAL.
PROFITS THE BANKERS MIADE
OUT OF IT.
How Cleveland Permitted the Iound
ealteri to Rob the Government, How
the Hlaakers DLivided and Their Profits
on This Moslt Inlamous of all Deals.
The great gold syndicate has been
dissolved and the profits have been
f divided by Messrs. J. i'. Morgan &
' Co. The greatest care has boon ex
ercised to prevent publicity, and it is
difficult to obtain all the facts. Each
of the twenty-seven bankers and
banks participating in the syndicate
has received a (heck representing its
Sshare of the prolits with a note of
explanation and a statement of the
transaction. But perfect secrecy has
been pi-:served regarding the allot
ment of the bonds, and no member of
the syndicate knows what other mem
bers received.
It will be remembered that Messrs.
Morgan and Beolmont entered inio a
contract with Secretary Carlisle under
which they agreed to furnish the gov
ernment 3,3U0,0U0 ounces of gold,
and as much more as might be neces
sary at the rate of $17.8iu) per ounce,
taking in payment therefor 4 per cent
thirty-year bonds to the amount of
$62,316,50). As the government
I price for gold is $18.604 per ounce,
the difference of 8) cents amounted
to $2,400,00)0, which was the premium
paid by the syndicate for the bonds.
so that the total proceeds of the loan
to the government were $65,117,500.
In other words, the syndicate pur
chased bonds to that amount at the
rate of $104.48, although the price of
the same securities in the market at
r that time was about $119. and a simi
I lar amount might have been sold to
I the public at that rate if they had
been offered by the treasury. But
- this sacrifice was paid by the presi
1 dent, and the bonds were furnished
a to the syndicate at a price nearly 15
r per cent below the market rate as s
consideration for their services in
manipulating exchange so as to pre
vent the export of gold and protect
the treasury. It was a very costly
piece of financiering.
Under the terms of their contract
the bankers were required to import
at least one half of the 3,500,000
ounces of gold from Europe. They
thereupon invited the co-operation of
nearly all the large banking houses in
New York which have connection
abroad and a number of purely Amer
lean bankers, who agreed to take
such a share of the bonds as might be
allotted to them. ' he former agreed
to buy the gold required for payment
In foreign markets. The latter were
allowed to use the coin stored in their
vaults. As a matter of fact, however,
only $15,750,000 in gold was actually
imported, and that came through the
Rothschilds from the bank of Eng
laud.
The syndicate of twenty-seven banks
I and bankers, which was organized by
I Messrs, Morgan and Belmont, applied
for bonds with such eagerness that it
was impossible to meet their demands,
and an allotment was made by those
i gentlemen in such an impartial man
ner that no complaints have been
heard, although the actual amount re
ceived by the several institutions is
not known, even to their associates.
As has been stated, the bonds
amounting in value to $65,117,500,
were purchased from the government
at $104.48, or a premium of 4,.48
above par. They were sold to the
syndicate at $112,26, an advance of
$7.77 on each bond of $100, At that
rate they yielded Messrs. Morgan and
Belmont 169,949.075, or a profit of
$4,831,672. This profit, however,.
was not retained by those gentlemen.
They simply retained three-fourths of
1 per cet, as commission for their
trouble, or the sum of $488,372, and
divided the remainder, which amount
ed to $4,344,428. among their
associates in the syndicate,
which is equal to a profit
of 6.672 per cent. They alsoreceived
1 per cent interest which accrued
upon the bonds before they were
finally distributed. That makes a to
tal profit of 8.422 per cent upon every
dollar they fmrnished. As their money
was tied utip for about six months, the
transaction netted them at the rate of
16.84 per cent per year.
It was the amount, namely. $:344,
428, that Messrs. Morgan & Co. dis.
tributed among the members of the
syndicate the other day. The princi
pal houses participating were J. P.
Morgan & Co., Belmont & Co., Mor
ton, Bliss & Co., Kubn, Leob & Co.,
Lazard Freres, leidleback & Co.,
Icklebeimer & Co., and the Chase.
First, Fourth, Hanover, City of Com
merce, and (;allatin National Banis.
But the members of the syndicate,
if they were so disposed, were en
abled to double their profits by s',lling
the bonds thus acquired, and m.ry of
them have already done so. There is
always an active demand for govero
ment securities, and the market rate
at the present writing for this issue
is $122. They secured their bonds at
$104.48, with the commission of
Messrs. Morgan & Belmont, which
was three-fourths of I percent added,
or $s06.23 gross; and have sold them
or Imsyll the)m et ,#1 as,  dvaae ot
$16.17 on each bond of $100, so that,
assuming that all the bonds are sold,
the total profits enjoyed by the mem
bers of the sysdicate is $12,494,384.
This. divided among twenty-seven
participants, gives an average of
~l6O,000 to each.
But the bonds were not evenly ap
portioned. While the facts are not
known outside the immediate circle
in which the managers move, it is
generally understood that Morgan .
C('o. and Belmont & Co., reserved for
themselves about one-half, or f43a.
000.000 of the total. If this is true.
their reward amounts to something
like $6,000,o00.-New York Sun
(i)cm.)
True as (;ospel.
The man who gets drunk injures
himself more than he does those about
Iirom.
The poor girl who falls injures nc
one so seriously as she does herself.
The man who betrays the people a!
an officeholder injures himself nc
doubt but he injures other people
more.
The banker who takes the little de
posits of the unwary injures himself.
not from a material standpoint, but
most certainly does from a spiritual
standpoint, and while doing so, in
jures society materially and spiritu
ally.
We raise our hand against the
class of poor unfortunates who in
jure none but themselves, but so
ciety chases after the man who is
known as a robber and a plunderer.
and fond mamas eager to make
*-good matches" (God save the
mark) for their daughters, chase
them also. It is a crime in the eves
of such mamas for a poor girl to sell
her virtue for bread and butter, but it
seems to them a virtue to hitch their
daughters to scoundrels with money.
If we ever solve this question of civi
lization peaceably we will have to do
it by the prenatal route. Try to con
sider what sort of children such pros
titution as we sight above brings into
the world. Can we wonder at the
crop of libertines, defaulters, politi
cians and boodlers that disgrace this
age and injure society in every
branch.
When society learns the lesson the
all-wise Creator intended that it
should know, it will condone the
offenses of those who injure them
selves and demand reform of those
who injure society.
Everything works together for good
and the way to reach the result .
to be as good as you can and cevx
to idolize gilded hypocracy and waa
ton deciet.-Denver Road.
Cest of Prodscto1.
*One of the great points made
against silver." said F. W. liendricks,
a prominent miner of Denver. Col.,
to the Washington Star. --was the
cheapness of its production, it being
said that the cost of producing $1 of
that metal was from 35 to 50 cents.
Now, if that is any argument, it may
surprise a great many gold champions
to know that the cost of producing $1.
coinage value, in gold, as taken from
reliable data, is much below the fig
ures named above. Since the first of
this year it has cost to obtain $1 in
gold at the Independence mine only
4 cents, for the past two years at the
Victer mine. 291 cents; the Portland
mine, for nine months,including heavy
development work and new macnincry,
30 cents; the Isabella mine for 1894,
31) cents. Other gold mines through
out Colorado will about average with
these figures. and I am stating only
absolute facts when I say that gold is
taken from all heavy producing mines
at much less cost on the dollar than
silver from any mine that was ever
operated in the state."
Past. This .l Your Hat.
The following figures have just come
to light with reference to the profits
of the syndicate of bankers upon the
recent famous issue of gold bonds:
American end of the bond deal, face
of bkeads ................31.1:l,7U3
Premiom to 104.49 ................. .,3PM71
Government gnot.................. 5 s i ~471
Premium to 11*30.................. ?,4U s715
Syndicate got ............ .. ..... L.t 1S
I'remulnm tomarket value lt2 .. t 157~ 0
Value American halt today .....-. o'7 i
American half value to-day..... $ .1..!,.
American government got....... :.r. ,4
American government loss ....... 541.
Dltto on uforelgnhalf ................ t.4I1465
Government lois and bankers galn $'io..g;'iO
When it is remembered that it is
now proposed to issue more bonds, an
idea may be gathered of the strength
of this admialnistration. -Watchman.
TIe Road ti Ruin.
Productive labor increased from
1871 to 1891 a trifle loss than 3 per
cent per annum. Non-productive
labor (usury) increased over 8 per
cent per annum. From 1893 to 18f35
labor has failed to bold its own, while
uajry has nlocreased its possessions
fully 20 per cent in that time. Just
close your eyes and think this propo
sition to a logical conclusion. --Donver
Road.
If there is nothing more to be said
against a gold standard than that it
took the sale of bonds to bustain it,
that woul4 be enough. -'-iarmy5re
Outlook.
: The Results of Bilinus Fever.
a DERANGEMENT OF TILE STOMACH
AND A SIIAITTHI D NERVOUS
SYSTI:M.
Deathly. Sallow Color of the l'a: lent, Who
Was Also at Timer SiNuetget
to Fits.
(Frcm he Ilerall ll:,nali' n Texas)
C'A 'I.N, TsTxs, June ll 1[93.
With an earnest ,leire for the relief of
suffering I make the following siteiuent:
I live near the head of lhnes Creek in
Hamilton Count_. Torts-, I e:e I have
been for the last twelve ye: Ls or more,
about seven miles west of the town of Hico.
My son George wa. a stout, health) child,
now a young matn ,f si ,teen years of age.
In 1S 2, when ibolut three years of age, be
had a severe )spell of Iitiuus fever by which
he was conflutet to his bed two or three
months. The abatement of the fever left
his stomach and Ihoels in bad condition
and his nervout sy'tem viry much de
c ranged. I consulted several physicians, but
none of them could benefit him any to
speak of. lie had a good appetite and
would eat heartily, but would take a sud
den sickness at the stomach while eating
and throw up the contents of his stomach,
then would eat again vigorously as before.
He was not conf.ned to his bed, but grew
thin and was nervous and excitable, with
occasional looeuness of the b ,wels. lie was
hardly able to go at out for several years,
but by degrees grew a little stronger, but
with his increase of strength came incrensel
e nervousness , ith a deathly, sanllow color, all
of which finally culminated in spasms, or1
as they are ttrlsally designated, 'flt.'
These came on after a spellof over exertion
or excessive eating, which were frequent.
ashe had a ravenous appetite. After these
spells he would be ill-natured and disagree
able for several days. This state of things
continued till about two years ago, causing
s me and my family great uneasiness. At
a this time 1 happene" to see the savertise
m went of Williams' Pink Pills for Pale
People and determined to try them on my
son. The effect was at once apparent in
r various ways. As long as he wou~lld take
the remedies according to directions his
bowels would be regular in their action, and
what was still better. from the time he
took the first dose he has never had a spasmn.
They have ceased entirely, and there has
not been a recurrence of them in the two
years that he has been taking th  Pink Pills.
Notwithstanding this great benedft, he is nct
e yet, and may never be, entirely well. though
this, I take it, is not the fault of tie mt.di
cine. He is a boy of bright mind and active
temperament, but headstrong and self
Y willed about taking the pills and regulat
ing his diet as directed.
e 8ometimes he goes for a number of days
t without taking the remedy and indulges in
too violent exercise and eats to excess,
e which the directions forbid, and thus par
tially relapses into his old condition. As
e soon, however, as he resumes the use of the
Pills as directed he begins to mend again.
While his improvement has been gratify
i ing. I cannot say that a cr mplete cure has
been effected, from the fact that a fair test
of the efficacy of the pills has not been had.
I am atisfiel, however, that if properly
taken and other directions strictly adhered
to, the Pink Pills would cure him entirely.
So confident am I that they would do so
that I unhesitatingly recommend them as
the best remedy ever given in such cases,
e and I believe an absolute and permanent
cure. B gned,
J. W. McTlair.t..
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills contain, in a
condensed form, all the elements neeossary
to give new life and richness to the blood
ad restore shattered nerves. Pink Pills
are sold by all dealers, or will be sent post
* paid on receipt of price, 50 cents a box, or
six boxes for $$.60 (they are never sold in
bulk, or by the 100) by addressing Dr.
Williams' Medicine Company,Schenectady,
N. Y.
Clever People.
"When I open the front door upon
a my arrival at home at night," said
Mr. Flatby. "I inhale the fragrant,
odor of a delightful soup. Passing in
a leisurely manner up the lirst flight
of stairs, I finish the soup at the sec
ond floor, and then I hind that the lih
has been served. I take sh as I pro.
ceed along the hall and up the second
flight of stairs. On the third floor I
find the .roast, and on the fourth a
dainty desert. When I reach my own
floor, all I really wan' is a cup (,f cof
It( and a cigar." Now Yorkers are
clever people when they can rent a
furnished flat and live on the smell of
their neighbors.
A Great It1g One.
The emperor of China has issued an
official bulletin on the war in IFor.
moss for the information of his suib.
jects, telling them that the .Japanese
army and navy has been totally anni
I hilated, together with some seventy
battlosolps and 80,UU000 men that for.
eign nations had sent to the a-sist.
ance of Japan.
I. Pa.y, iHowever.
The I Philadelphia mintis making and
issuing one-cent coitns at the rate of
$150,000 a day. It is a small Iusi
ness, but it pays the governmuent a
profit of $120:) a day IThese cents
are going to Chicago aul St. Louis to
Sbuy the one-cent papers with.
Need the liun.
Mrs. Charles llenrotten, of (lhiiago,
has been telling a womana's club tihere
that after all women canti hardly get
along without men, and that it would
not be good for the women to try it.
(,rrer.
Philadelphia gets a revenue of
$1,00 ,c1))u a year from the btreet car,
gas, water, telephone andt other fran
chises. It is time that the value of
such things were ditinoctly undor
Sstood and that the ihon', bhtare of the
profits should go to the putblte, wbt:h
rightfully owns them.
.5 Girl Preach.r.
A lo)-year-old negro girl--('larette
SAvery--ia holding a revival in a New
SYork ochurch, and creating immnlos
ezcitement