7c I~M-t / d.ance or Our Cvilli
toatoan "lii Fetrift or Dcay.
The iuexorarte law of progreFs
i. that a,-hi',rie- werit results only
fr imn coneent ration. It is onlv as
men hav,. unfettered thelltb' .
from tra, Iition. as they hay,' de
velols'd a_,rr.gent on-. . tnitt"d their
energies and intellientllv directed
the vast mass. of those united ener
gies to the aelomIpli-hnewnt of ,
common parl, oe. that their aspli
rations have riesultedl in fruition.
Mankind have dl' el, tpld a wonder
ful civiliz:ation but progress doet.
not end no" . We are vet far froum
the goal. The proc·es must coon
tinue. or our present civilization,
like the civilization\s of ot t r coun
tries an.' of former time.-. must
either petrify or totally ,'eeny.
Men nlh \h ih ito embiiody into
laws their most cherished convic
tions must learn the lesson of an
grt.gation.. ''hey must learn that
truth is greater than tradition;
that principles are greater than
men; that causes are great'er than
parties, and that a great cause---a
cause destined to advance and en
noble humanity as no other cause
ever did or ever can--is worthy of
distinct recognition and advocacy
for its own sake. Formerly anti
as I believe finally rejected by both
the old parties, which have com
bined to place the country squarely
on the gold standlard, monetary re
form must, in my judgment. look
for present advancement and ulti
mat' realization to a party which
shall treat it not as a secondary or
collateral question, but as above
and beyond all others the most
transcendent issue that can be dis
cilssed or decided by a people.
Should we not assert ourselves as
becomes rmen of independent minds
and decline longer to be held in the
thraldom of mere names?
Why besitat'? Ye are full bearded men.
With God implanted will and courage if
Ye dare but. show it. Never yet was
will
But found some way or means to work
it out.
Nor e'er did fortune frown on him who
dared.
ShaU we. in presence of this grievous
wrong.
In this supremest moment of all time.
Stand trembling,. cowering, when with
one hold 1t roke
These groaning millions might be ever
free?
And that one ,troke so just, so greatly
good.
So level with the happiness of man
That all the angels will applaud the
deed.
In the immovable condition that
the proni) , prosperity and hap
pineps of not only the people of
Nevada. but of those of the entire t
country, are more inmnediately de
pendcnt on monetary reform than
upon any other issue that can be I
presented for political action, I
shall henceforth vote for and act
with the j arty that brings this
overmaermastering issue to* the front.
Yours truly, 1
JNo. P. JoNES.
RED RIVER PARISH, Oct. 1, '94.
DEAR POPULIST : a
Many of our Alliance brethren a
who agreed with Bro. John Pick
ette years ago, when be so ably i
advocated in the Vidette separate t
political action; who were proudt
of his vote in the National election
and admired his courage in trying t
to protect the people from robbery
are ordely puzzled and sadly dis
appointed by his letter of 1th
As an eihortation for the reform
of the press, there is no fault to
ind ; either with the matter or the
address. But why are the 1700
weeklies of the country that advo
cate the Omaha platform alias a
Ocala demands, ignored as if they p
were not? Whose fault is it that
the people are not settling their
troulies in "white primaries" in
this Conigressional district now ?
We have a dearly loved old Al- d
lianee brother in our neighboring c
parish (Bienville) as venerable and i
as intelligent as Bro. Pickette and d
as good and pure as auy ine, and h
he tells us: "I diesapprove of the ii
word 'non-partisan' as a back door
to the enemy's camp. Alliance
demands and principles are the
water of feanltg for the Alli
saca members. To claim non
partisa to mean non-political, and
to carry the order through passive
submission, regardless of prini
ples, to the support of aither of
the old machines whose combined
ulhhles and support tof las
legslation crnteda the necessities
that gave birth to the Allianoe is a .
sad mtehkar .0 wao sLeo Im.d.*
AlN---q enre~pl cud esayrdehnd- I
We would now lie to herr from
-o, o the subec. - I
JA* TblL.
CI1ARTER.
STATE OF I'ISTNA ,
.PAIutH OF NAItLIHITO. HtEs.
te it knto. and remembered. that on
ihi- the 26th day of Septenler. 1194.
before me (harles H. Levy. a Notar:v
: l'l|lie in and for the parish of N:tt.hl
,to.he.. duly commissioned nd wpllalilit r
p(-r-onally ea:ne and aplpear'ed th'e ol
derignef persons who in prt'-e'n,'.e of
r the attending witnesses deelatrd that
availing thel-tel\'es of the pr,\ ision, of
SAc.t No. 86 of the L.e i-latutr, of tl.;
i State'. approved June 2Jth. 1'14. an:d
thi,-' ,f t h' geneiral lans of tlhii Statt'
relative t, tthe orgtatlizatih, r;t cl',l';ra
tiotns, they hae' f.rme..d and organiiz.edI
them-el-c: and those they represent intllo
" a cori-,lration for the objects andi pur
" po", herein set forth, which they ac
cept as their charter.
ant authority to exist and 'nljoy .-1(v -
c~ssiin for the period of nittitV-ninet
yat-ar-. cmmtencing at this day an f date.
ARTI('ICLE I
Ihei dtniicile of this corporation s-hall
Ib tihe city of Natchitoches. in the par
is- of Natchit.ches. State of Louisiana.
- where all legal tul'proces.s shall Ibe served.I
upon tit'he pretsident of this corporation.
I or iln hi, a-bence, the seer( tare or tui
ness manager.
ARTIH LE I1l.
'Thet p rl'ipose-. of thi. cto.rp, :rat;,, i i
I ti do general jtob Iprinting. pulblih a
nt- spaper. and to do a general pubtllish
ing Lusiness.
ARTI'CLE IV.
This corporation shall have )power and
privil,ges. to-wit : It shall be capable in
aw to purchase and receive, holti and
enjoy lands, lioutes,. and property of aiy
kinl hatever. It .hall have the right
to sell said property ; sue anl be sued,
plead and Ib il'pleaded : con,ltract :alli
b' co:tratcted with: to IoIi-tow itonte\V.
anti for that purpose, to mortgage anti
L\pothecate real est:ate, and to est-tl,
lish by laws for the goverlluent of this
c'olrporation.
ARTICLE V.
The capital stto'k of this corporation
is hereby fixed at Five Thousand Dl
lars, divid-ed into Two Hundred shares
r of Twentiy-ive dollars each,. with libler
ty to comnmence business whell the sulb
scribed stock reaches the suIm of Fire
l mIndred Dollars. No stockholder shall
he Lhld liable or responsible for any of
the contract. of this corporation, in alny
further sumn than the unpaid balance dute
to the corp,,ration on the shares of stick
h"eld by him.
ARTICLE VI.
.No one person shall hold more than
twenty shares of stock, and each share
-hall he entitled to one vote.
ARTI('LE VII.
At least fifty per cent of all sultscrih
ed stock shall be paid in cash and the
balance to he secured by personal note
of the share holder, payable twelve
months after dlate, unless the necessi
ties of this corportion should require
earlier payment, and in no ease can a
stockholder t1a called upon to pay in
more than twenty-five per cetnt of his
original stock at any one time. and on
Iv then after twent v days notice, given
in some paper published in Natchito
ches larish, Louisiana.
ARTICLE VIII.
All corporate powers of this corpora
tion shall be vested in and exercised by
a Board of five Directors. three of whomn
shall constitute a quorumu for the trans
action of business. Saml'l. J. Henry, Ma
rion F. Machen. William H. Areaux
William H. Latham and Hardy L. Brian.
shall constitute the first board of dir'c- I
tors, who shall hold their offices until
the 28th day of September, 189.5. and
until their successors in office are duly.
elected. The board of directors shall
be elected on the 26th day of Septemlwr
in each year, by the stockholders who
may vote either in person or by proxy :
said board to be chosen from among the
stockholders, and to hold their office
until their successor: are duly elected
by a majority of the votes cast ; a va
canc3 from any cause shall be filled by
the remaining directors from among
the stockhod'ers. The board of direct
ors shall meet on the day of their elec
tion, or as soon thereafter as practical,
and elect of their number a president
and secretary, and employ from among
the stockholders an editor and general
business manager of the publishing bus- I
iness, and such other employees as may
be necessary, and tix their remunera
tion; they shall have powcr t, alter or
amend all by-laws. rules and regula
tions requisite for the management of
the business of the corporation.
ARTICLE IX.
All profits of this corporation shall be
applied first to the payment of opera
ting expendes, the remaining profits to
be dieclared a diridclend to the stock
holders.
ARTICLE X.
This act of incorporation may be
changed or amended, or such corpora
tion may be dissolved with the consent
of three-fourths of the stock-holders
present. at any general meeting of the I
stockholders convened for such purpose
after thirty days notice- in any paper
published in Natchitoches parish.
ARTICLE XI.
Whenever this corporation may be
dissolved either by limitation of its
charter or otherwise its affairs shall be
liquidated by the three existing board of I
directors.
Thus done and signed by the parties
hereto, together with me, said Notary,
in the presence of attesting witnesses.
on day and date above written.
SAM'L. J. HENRY.
per E. J. Gamble.
M. F. MACHEN.
W. H. AREAUX.
W. H. LATHAM.
H. L. BRIAN.
CBHAS. H. LEVY.
Notary Public.
Having examined the foregoing char
ter and finding nothing theret contr-ary
to law or goodmorals, I hereby approve
PIIANOR BREAZEALE,
Distrites Attorney, O10th Judioial District.
For a finrst-clas ha--ve and neat I
hI'riut, t to U harIey's Fauouos j
TopsQrial Parlor. . .
''• ' .
TUIE NEXlT S-S SI()N OF life
MONTGOMERY HIGH SCHOOL
Begins Monday, Sept. 3rd, 1894.
,"MONTTOOMERY, LA.
TIHE (I()IRSE OF STI 1)Y EM I;Ii('E S .\ TIIOO() l (11' TI\AIN
IN(; IN
Primary, Preparatory and Collegiate Work.
Also Vocal and Instrumental Music.
The ainl of all w,,'k dI,,le in tlhi.. schil,! is to il'elare the stildl nts tfi,
inmeeting andl o'ercu,;inhtg at'Iua;il (litlicillties that Imay r;ise, in later li4.,
;adl to eilabhle them to etaly 1 V trained illtelligence into, their varied
avocations. The Institutioi is presided over k.I Prof. .1. W. WVarodlaw.
who is assisted by a corlS of ('Olileteilt and experienced teacher.:
S('IIEI)11 E O)F EXPENSEE :
lri'vate hboard inll ood families. 'S to i.10 per 111' moth.
TlT'rION-I'rialy I),,ltrtnl..i t... $ 1.25 per ioil h.
" 'i'el'·a t' 'Sec. 1;.j ,. .... I.;'5 .. ..
' lPreparl ,t'ytc See. .1 " . .... _.: .. ..
P c'llet ;iate .. . .
. " 1u.. ic .. ......;.. .
lIcidentai l fe tee n- first half .1ssi5 , _. 2i ',( .
Incilelltal i'' tfir last half ,isssioll. 'i0 (,4.,-.
For 1any desie ,d infbri : tloIn. 1hr1114
11. V. ,c't'.\lO .
, ,.-idlenlt I +,;Co r d of Dirl,'t r l'.
1I. A. 1 t )ITS/)N, Src'irietlary. .1. W. W\.\ 1 IIA V. I'riicipal.
ELKHART CARRIAGE and HARNESS MFG. 00.
Iva0 uo1ni =o eou.amn r for St yrnra,
aIl00 atving them thIe dealer's i,M!it. W re ar 'he
sUOlaset and Largcil i-:utattusrers in .:: .r-$75
ic.: lcllina Veticl.h a knd ih.rn,' "s thit way ship
with priril e t, or. ninn Le:frealy nrny i It
a id . W e p ady tr ee : t bi l ar. tyv i n ., . :tti ~tat
tort. VarranL t," ,r y rs. lIr h pill y n a l(l.e;itfO)
S to A)to o:. cr f ,-r y -i?1 W rite y ut (. .n ord Ir.
Boxrirgfre. We take all risk of lamage in
Ppg WHOLESALE PRICES.
S GSpring Wagons, S;I to $50. (;ntel No.: , urrey.
` - ý eº " ý ..:ct .el -...i:,t "Surreysl. , S6St100 o3
No.37. Surroy llar es. t '., o- :.: , :'-: ,, 1" '. ',op buggies.
o 0100. FOrr: Wýgor's, Wagonettes,
.. ilkWoqo.',De!ivery Wagons ai" Road
"31 ? .C7't, n.ilt'ri 1.1 : ft I tA: I , ýIti i. a I HILD:I.
v+ . $ 23 .5 0 , -.
Our t S 'o , i ,ad .amuni.
Itara. DouLie $55
\ are *IInt Bagy.
No. ic'. Top B'ggy. Manaur.'.
$43.00 ,
'ries.I t e F ern.
RIDING RADDLE' and FLY NETr. E: khrt leicle. "'ln.tils.
I pere.t, olff fr eaL. w!th red ,r. a.nd 4". In petulatic tire-. weOtle'l
1 as pm; t. pay apo .tage on I1 -c eaialogua. letel tubing, drop forlln'.
2o13",Fr - was. Address W. B. PR;ATT, COc'y, ELKHART, IND.
- - - _ l .. . . . . . . . . . . . . ... - - -- - - - -- - -- - - - - - - - - -
OOgAN 9a OKFREE
Our ne Catalogue is a grand portfolio of all the latest aU
best tyles of Organs and Pianos. It illustrates, describes,
and gves manufacturers' prices on Organs from $2S.oo up,
and Panos from $ ao up. It shows haw to buy at wholesale
direct from the manufacturers, and save over go per cot.
THE CORNISH ORGANS AND PIANOS
Guaranteed for S25 yrs., have been played and praised for nearly
Syrs.; today they ae the most popular instruments made.
lcue our SPECIAL ERIS of Crdit, framed to suit the tines.
Renmember tie grand book is set FREE Write for it at na
CORNISH I CO. (Estab. nearly a yrs.) ain ten, N.J.
R . r e
OUR 6*o*ARs Is me ala
OUR Paca rws ' oes£ r
Public speakingl I Red River
Parish.
Oct. 25th-Grand Monstr Bar
becue, Providence church, 9 1. in.,
B. \V. Bailey, lion. II. L. Brian,
Col. H. S. P. Ashbey.
October 26ith-Academy. 10 a.
m., B. W. Bailey, lIon. II. L. Brian.
October 27thi-Mrr. Watkin's
platation, Red river, B. W. Bailey
and I1. L. Brian.
November 3rd-Grand final ral
ly at Couslhatta, Judge i. F. Ma
chen and J. A. Tetts lsaq.
Prof. C. Vincent's Appointments.
Webster Parishi-Boclkhorn. Oct.
11th; Gibsland, Oct. 12th; Doy
line, Oct. 13th.
The People's party candllidate for
Congress from tile 4th district will
also be present and address the'
meetings.
NINTH ANNU'AL
LOUiSIANA STATE FAIR ANDS
Shreveport Exposition,
To be held at Shreveport, La., Novem
ber 5, 6, 7, 8. 9 amnd 10. The best e'quip
pod grounds in the State. A grand ex
hibit of Louisianan' prodmuet from dif
fereut Agricultural Stations of the State.
Fast races each day, and a great many
new a traction..
For C'atalogue or Speed Programme
addreas
JOHN J. HORAN,
W. E. HAMILTorN Secretary.
Chairman Fxecutive Committee.
Ladie's No. 4 shoes sold at cost
at E. J. Gamble's for the next 10
days.
We are now prepared to do all
kinds of job work in the neatest!
style and with dispatch. Give us'!
a trial order.
- THE -
Lytle Safe & Lock Co.
MANUAOU RSIS OP
FIRE and BURGLAR PROOF SAFES.
GUARANTEED To BE STANDARD
IN EVERY PARTICULAR.
HIGHEST INTERIOR AND EXTERIOR FINISH.
Send for Catalogue and Prlce List to
The Lytle Safe & Lock Co.
CINCINNATI, O.
Ur READ- ! READ! READ!!..j
Don't f til to investigate before
you make up your mind. Don't
condemn without investigation.
We keep on hand the following
books :
Ten Men of Money Island, 10cts.
Things As I See Them, 5
Seven Financial Conspiracies 10 "
The Dogs and the Fleas, 50 ,,
If Christ Came to Chicago, 50 -
The American Peasant, 25 ",
In Ofice, 25 "
Facts and Fictions of Lifte, 50 "
Cl'sar's Column, 0 -
National Party Platform, 25 "'
Address
LOUISIANA POI'P LIST,
Natchitoches, La.
S.
THE
Louisiana Populist,
IlBLISl iil _I) i.\lIi4'l P I .I .
AI NalchilFoches, Louisiana.
ONE XI)LLIR.1 YEA1R. IN AI)I NCE.,
lThe leading i'oliulist paper of North Louisiana. l)evoted to the edu
cation of the masses upon the reform issues of the Dl)y.
- Al)VERTISIN ' RATFES ON APILITflON AT OFFICE.
It has a large circulation, andi Advertisers will get large returns throng
their Advertisement in the Populist.
M. P. \\MACIlEN. Editor.
11. L. BRIAN. Associate Editor.
Publislhed by the Natchitoches Publishing Co.,
LIMITED.
It will give the leading local and general news items.
--0-
The Populist Job, Office is iwrelared to do all kindh of Job l'rintiUg,
in the neatest style, at St. Louis prices.. Will print
Circulars,
Programmes,
Bill Heads,
Letter Heads,
Envelopes, Posters,
Dodgers, Note Heads,
Cards, Funeral Notices.
(;ive us your work, and we guatantee satisfaction in Style, price atnd
lpromptness of declivery.
-------o:o--
The Populist is designed to spread amtong the Imeople a knowledge d
their political and social rights; an excellent advertising medimn as It
circulates largely among all classes.
Be sure to subscribe forit. Be sure to advertise in it. There is ao
hai ma in getting both sides of all questions. Therefore hear our side by
sending us a i)ollar for the Populist one year.
Then send us your JOB PRINTING, try our style. and pries. W*
believe we can plea.se you; let us try and theu  you will ka,,'t W-t
we can do.