r Origtnal Languages of Europe.
It Is said by philologists that there
are thirteen original European Ian.
guages-the Greek, Latin, German,
Slavonic, Welsh, Biscayan, Irish, Al.
banian, Tartarian, Illyrlan, Jazygian,
Chaucin and Finnic.
En 'lish Widows.
In England there are 11.4 w idows to
every fifty-four widowers
Bacon-That lawyer you recommend.
ed is not a man of his word. Egbert-
Why not? "He told me I could talki
freely to him, and look at the bill he'ds
aent me!"-Vv("lrna* C*trerman.
Half of your worry to-day Is due to
Your neglect yesterday.
"Put me down as a warm friend of TrTTeik
IlN. I have a chill three years nhl wh, hais
been atf cted fr.,m its birth with the worst
case of etzema I ever ,aw, it being one mna s
of sor s from its feet to its crown. It haI
been treated by nine or the e mo eminent
phslicianu in this and .'djoinine Srates wi:h
out the .liglte-t heteft. S,-veral months aro
we commenced the u-,. of 'rTTrerNE oth the
child, nl to-dayt, hank God and the manu.
factuarers or TarrrIsar., the child 1 curtled.
My wile and I u ill ever feel grateful to you
for -ending ns this blesslng.
Yours truly,
Cnu.t A. CAUaLLt.Drungg 1
1 box by mail for 6t0. In stamps.
J. I. SHUPTRINS, Savannah. Ga.
CboAAn'rs stimulate liver, kidneys and
bowerl Never sioaen, weaken or gripe; 10c.
Calendars and Coupons.
9o many beautiful calendars and entertain
l1g novelt:es have been issued by the pro
prietors of Hood's Earsaparnlla, that we are
hardly surprised to receive this season not
only one of the very prettiest designs in cnl
endars, but with it coupons which entitle the
recipient to attractlive novelties. Every one
who gets a Hood's Sarsaparilla calendar for
1897 tseures something that will prove lante.
sating tnd valuable as well as a beautiful
specimen of the lithographer's art. The cal
sadaris accompanied this season by an amtns
Iag little book on "The Weather." Ask your
druggist for Hood's Coupon Calendar, or
send 6 eents in stamps for one to 0. L
Hood A Uso., Lowell, Mass.
arrs or Obno, CT-r or TOLEDO, s
IUct C'Nounty, t
rais J. ,:u1nay meakes oath that he Is Ihe
senior p.rtner of the firm of P. J. C airYar &
C dolnlg businres htheCityotoledo, County
td, ltateatorssad, and that said firm will pay
thesma of o0s aaunuo DoLLtAR f,,r aeuc,
and every came or CATAtHa that cannot be
cared by the  se HA'S OlATATaH UUgac.
FRANK J. lahssrr.
Sworn to before hie and subscribed in may
- '- enethi i day of December,
"IAL A. D.18is. A. W.Or.SAsos.
`" N"otary tt)l .
BMall's Catarrh Coure is taken internally. and
a.t4 ditetlyoa tihe blood and mucous surfaces
* o systea, H$end tor testimonials, free.
' . . J. Untmr & Co., T'oledo, 0.,
I Dl'' aa u Iy are the best
lNe.To.Bae for Fifty Cents.
Over 400Q,lO eared. Why not let No-To-BAe
lat or retnoa your desire for tobatcc.?
. ee money, mike' health and manhood.
teed. 60 cents and 1.0, at all
ti se ou h a110"t word and the synonym
'WIo4-Emeh&rson .
kb sa Urlt lies been sold for 3 years, in
sp e cat mpettsm sad cheap imitations, it mut
;; re `WWI ºM Dobbins' Electric Soap has
'n eeitsa ai s sa**5l s Iast W
, Aft desad as ssf opportunity passes; theday
Wh ,4sU shb o zt Ooasom  alamy Ia.
i iilvsranv d bowel regulator made.
fet a '-. eaadema t,. ... ed. No
£touare has saved me
n. ptat rduces tuiama.
aors~MLu t Monarch r¶hs'Ae.' co.
A ~~ t~4; o
HOW TO FIND OUT.
]ill a bottle or common water glass with
urine and let it stand twenty-four hours; a
sediment or settling indicates a diseased con
dition of the kidneys. When Eurine stains
linen it is positive evidence of kidney trouble.
Too frequent desire to urinate or pain in the
back is also convincing proof that the kid
neys and bladder are out of order.
WHAT TO DO.
There is comfort in the knowledgeso often
expressed, that Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root,
the great kidney remedy, fulfills every wish
In relieving pain in the back, kidneys, liver,
bladder and every part of the urinary pas
sages. It corrects inability to hold urine
and scalding pain in passing it, or bad effects
following use of liquor, wine or beer, and
overcomes that unplatsant necessity of being
compelled to got up many times during the
nighit to urinate. The mild and the extraor
dinary effect of Swamp-Root is soon realized.
It stands the highest for its wonderful cures
of the most dLitressingcases. Sold by drug
giuts, price fifty cents and one dollar. For
a sample bottle and pamphlet, both sent free
by mail, mention this paper and send your
full postomflco address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
finghamton, N. Y. The proprietors of this
paperguaranteethe genuineness of this offer.
BIGGEST GRAVE MONUMENT.
Daniel Moriarity Starts a 375*Tonner fo;
His First Wife.
Daniel Moriarity, a retired New Or
leans grocer, now living in Alameda
County, California, is a happy man at
last, or nearly happy, for after visit
ing all the quarries and cemeteries in
the United States, he has found peo
ple willing to fulfill the desire of his
heart, and he will soon be the owner of
the largest graveyard monument in the
country, and probably the largest in
the world. It will weigh 750,000 lbs.,
and when everything has been paid for
it will have cost over $50,000.
The monument is not for himself,
however. It is to be erected in honor
of his first wife, to whom he says his
present affluence is due, and after her,
in honor 9f his father, Joseph Moriari
ty, who died in New Orleans in 1858.
His first wife Ihas been dead eighteen
years, and Mr. Moriarity has taken
unto himself another and moved to the
Pacific coast. He came to America
when a boy, and got into the grocery
business. His boss was a widow, Mary
Farrel by name, who fell in love with
him and took him into partnership for
better or worse and the success of the
grocery business.
Daniel Moriarity waxed rich., Mrs.
Moriarity gave herself up to domestic
duties and died. Daniel grew richer
and richer, but in the days of his pros
perity he remembered the cause there
of, and with the aid of Mrs. Moriarity
No. 2 he determined upon a fitting me
morial. When the plan was all worked
out, it was found that the memorial
would be large enough to stand for his
father, too.
Here are the parts and their dimen
sions: On a foundation of fifty-tfoot
piles there rests a concrete block thir
ty feet square and six feet deep. Next
comes four labs, two of them 30x8
1-2x1 and the other two 13x8 1-2x1.
These will be laid so as to form a
square 13x13, which will be filled with
concrete. Then comes the base stone,
14x14x3, weighing about fifty tons.
Next are two courses of granite about
twenty tons each, which support the
ile stone, eight feet high by six feet in
diameter, panneled on four sides, at
the joining of which will be granite
"olumns with Corinthian capitals. Up.
on each column will be a statue carved
in Wesley granite-Faith, Hope, Chari.
ty, Temperance.
Then comes the great shaft of Barre
granite, four feet at the base and ta
pering to two feet, This will be sur
muuted~ by a simple granite cross,
matkig the total height of the monu.
ment seventy f~et.
The lot on which it will stand faces
Central avenue In Metairle Cemetery,
New Orleans. It is, the finest situa
tion within the grounds, and is the one
whlich was chosen by the Bouth to re
ceove the remains of Jefferson Davis.
New York Press
Gave tltms*If Away.
In a letter that ecently reached thls
contry, wriltte by one of Queen Vie
to~a's soldiers, who was with htI regi.
merit iaching aqpaITst the Dervishes
In4 the UPatrei Cn cisigan, is a little
ansluing story aoi certain soldier who
aislked the Intense heat of the-oantry
and sought %n ever hkind of way to Ob.
tam some exuee fot quittlng the ser
tel Xt eetis he complailned to the doei
:tOor his eyes, claiming that he yas so
nslh that he could not with
tin~ a comiadte lnstead of an enemy,.
De'r al" said the doetth, "that is
a .erltos matter. Now tell me what
yeot mnean by near-sighted."
"Wrll, slt," said the soldiesr, and he
:sda reau s thoughtftaly an It Io
a t poa6 Idea, 'it 15 ADi 015)3le
y rwandt A, I havre one. 'Can yO
use that pin lyiag In a corner ovet
t~ .ee.t..et eyesight to see it, teoo,"
1*Poise ~ d eter.
"~bI~ thear . m t'euoble sir; I can't
e . o . i . "
Prr bornnesatheto:
-,antatir ,,
?' ,&i.
-S-k ""I
A NOVEL INDUSTRY.
SALTING DOWN MUTTON BIRDS
FOR AUSTRALIAN MIARKETS.
Great Quantities of the Edible Sea
Fowls Are Packed in B.trrels
for Shlminent Like Pork
Where They are Found.
ASTES differ in different lati
tudes, even among English
speaking people. Imagine
Caucasians dining on salted
petrels, and with a relish, too, as
though that fish-eating sea bird were
a luxury. Of all the fowl that haunt
the barren islands on the Califernia
coast none are considered quite so
worthless as the sooty petrel. Even
the seagull has his usefulness as a
scavenger on the bays along the coast,
but the pretrel is truly a despised bird
in these waters. Seagulls' eggs bring
a price in the. market that make it
worth while to gather them at consid
erable expense, but no one thinks it
worth while to rob' the petrels' nests
on the rookeries at the Farallone isl
ands.
It is different in Australia. Is it the
cold winds that blow up from the Ant
arctic regions or the hot air that
sweeps down from the equator? No
matter what the cause, the fact is that
the appetites of our Australian cousins
are radically different. The sooty
petrel is there an edible fowl with a
decided market value, and a number
of men and small craft are employed
each year in catching, salting, pack
ing and carrying it in great quantities
from the rookeries on Trefoil Island
and other adjoining islands on the
~-- -·
--7
-·GV~~·---··~-LI 4
- -i
TREFOIL ISLAND, THE HOME OF THE MUfTON BIRDS.
north coast of Tasmania to Stanley
and Melbourne.
Mutton birds is the general name
given the petrel there, and the men
and ships engaged in the business are
known as "mutton birdere." To
Americans this is quite a novel indus
try, and the fact that such common
sea birds as the petrel are packed and
salted down like eo much pork is
always a matter of wonderment to
strangers who go there. But the test
of the pudding is in the eating of it,
and those who have dined off mutton
birds instead of land mutton pro.
nounce the one every bit as good as,
the other.
If you leave San Francisco in
August ssiling westward and south.
ward you. will pass many great flocks
of birds that will be pointed out to you
as sooty petrelse-or they will pass
you, for they are traveling about three
times faster than you are. And when
you reach Melbourne and have becomns
acclimated enough to venture "a trip
NI SUTTON BIRBD.
aorop~ to Tasmania, you may dine off
the young of those very birds that
pseid you on the california coast,
'only now they will be served to you as
mutton birds.
These fowls leave the Farallones
every. few months, and. onqe every
year they visit Australia. Trefoil Isl..
and is their chief roosting place in the
Southern hemisphere, so far as is
known. Here they soratoh and dig in
the barren soil until they have bur
rowed a hole perhaps two feet deep.
Intoi thfe holes eaoh hen in the im.
neite flock deposits her one egg.. The
mutton birder inserts his arm full
stireth' for his game. He does not
take the egg, but waits a week or ten
daysafter the egg has been hatched.
Then he finds the young bird almost
as big as its parent* but much more
tender and ft,. On land the, petrel,
is quite unable to escape from the
ateolers. It cannot mount isito the
air from off the land though its wings
are ed3amoasly long in Proportion. to
itf b aok bbdy, and strises quite gras.
fali froi the water. On' hore, how.
r the strange bird met hop along
hatd can only flyfrom
t ong o aoldge. Oe.rtainf pints of
iT eiit atte re ththou.
sp~-ii~iO ;tbeue d as it o diM
:~ ~ti~S:~ree~a,, thuZ~i
-.pa~e
i~Jj~?
ton birds is being eaten at Melbourne
the adult parents, with perhaps a cer*
tain percentage of the young ones that
have escaped the catchers, are return.
ing to their old haunts, occupying
--6
PACKIIIG M3UTON BIRDS.
the old and scratching new
nests on the Farallone Islands. Here
the birds are practically unmolested,
and it may thus be said, with some
basis in reason, that the California
coast is supplying the Australian
coasters with their edible sea fowl. It
is true, of course, that the petrel finds
other quiet nesting places besides the
islands off the California coast, but it
is also true that Catalina, the Santa
Barbara channel islands, and the Far
allones are their chief rookeries on
this coast, and that at certain seasons
these islands are entirely deserted by
them, while the islands off' Tasmania
and the southern coast of Australia
then swarm with them. -San Frandisco
Chronicle.
A Strange Power.
It is a curious thing, the power
which some human beings have over
animals. There is in Lowell 'a boy,
differing in no respect from his com.
panions, who has the power in a marked
degree. Every stray dog or oat in the
neighborhood knows him and loves to
be his companion. A vicious horse,
which the stablemen can with difficulty
handle, will stand like a lamb while he
harnesses and unharnesses him. The
doves fly around him and in the woods
the wild birds apparently regard him
as a friend and ally.
The most remarkable exhibition of
his power, which has long been knowr
and commented on by his friends, was
given the other day. A large and
vicious rat was captured in the stable
in one of those traps which permit of
easy ingress and no egress. The men
who were looking at the animaliwere
were afraid to go near the trap, the
animal showed such terror, but the
boy, when he beheld the imprisoned
creature, fearlessly put out his finger,
stroked its head, the rat manifesting
as much pleastfre as would a cat or a
dog. Several days have passed since
then, but the stablemen are still afraid
of their capture, but he has grown sc
tame and familiar with the boy as to
allow him to take him out and put him
in the trap, will come at his whistle
and manifests every appearance of joy
at his presence. There seems to be no
question that the boy could train that
rat to perform almost any feat within
the power of such an animal,--Lowell
(Mass.) Star.
Lamp Explosions.
The London Lancet has deemed the
subject of lamp explosions of sufficient
importance to deserve the attention of
the authorities, and there are some
hints as to the kind and care of lamps
that are worthy of attention. At the
same time, it is a remarkable fact that
while lamp accidents are frequent,
there arm comparatively few fatalities
resulting therefrom. It is also stated
that the quality of the lamps is very
much inferior to the quality-of the oil.
Indeed, it seems to matter but little
what the lamp is or how imperfectly it
is constructed. .It is a lamp, and if it
is a cheap one, every other considera
ticn is lost sight of. Lamps may be
bought for twenty-five cents, and are
taken into the houses of the pur
chasers, and filled and lighted with no
concern whatever as to their safety, if,
indeed, that subject is ever thought of.
It would be an excellept idea if there
could be some offloial inspection of
lamps, and, if possible, an oversight
of the oil supplied to families. Were
this done, many lives and much prop
erty might be saved.
A Circus Puzzle Picture.
) 64
*133 ýýIf t
A TALE OF FRONTIER LIFE
BECOLLECTIONS IRICALLED BY IN.
DIAN INCUItstONS.
What a Lowell Reporter Discovered in
the Historic Town of Duustabie-
Miraculous Escape From a Misera.
ble Existence of a Descendant
of One of the Pioneer War.
riors of Colonial Times
*--The Talk of the
Neighborhood.
From the News, Lowell, Mass.
Mr. Hiram Spaulding, who was for many
years the proprietor of the Massapong
House. a Boston summer resort, is undoubt
edly'as well known as any man in Middlesex
County. Mr. Spau'ding, beslies having been
a popular hotel man, boasts of being a lineal
descendant of John Spaulding. a well known
soldier who was killed in action with the
Indians while serving in the command of
the famous Captain John Tyng in 1804. He
also is well known as the first leader of the
Celebrated Dunstable Cornet Band, of Dun
stable, Mass., familiarly known as the
"mountel band." Altogether Bandmaster
Spaullting is perhaps the best known citizen
In town, and respected everywhere for his
uprightness and sterling character.
Mrs. Nellie A. Spaulding is the wife of this
gentleman, and almost as well known as her
popular husband. A recent severe illness
from overwork and malaria caused grave
fears among her numerous acquaintances,
and the local physicians seemed powerless
to aid her. Chills and fever, impaired
action of heart and liver, and general wreich
edness were her portion, until her attention
was called to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for
Pa!e People, and she began touse them. On
Labor Day. Monday, Sept. 7, 1896, Mrs.
Spajulding finished the first boxof Pink Pills,
and she informed the News reporter that on
that day she performed one of the hardest
day's work ever accomplished by her. She
is still taking Pink Pills according to direc
tions, and all traces of malarial poison seem
to have vanished.
"No one was more astonished at myrecov.
ery than my husband and my neighbors,
and they are not surprised," said she, ''to
find in me such a champion of what is des
tinol to become a household medicine, the
precious Pink Pills."
At the request of Mrs. Spaulding, the
News reporter called on several persons in
the town of Dunstable, all highlyrespectable
ladies of prominence in the community; he
found them using "Pink Pills" with good
results, and after a fair trial will (so they
thought) be ready to add their testimonials
to that of Mrs. Spaulding as to their medle
nal and curative worth, especially in chronic
casesor nervousness.
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills contain, in a con
densed form; all the elements necessary to
give new life and richness to the blood and
restore shattered nerves. They are an un
failing specific for such diseases as locomo
tor ataxia, partial paralysis, St.Vitus' dance,
soiatica, neuralgia, rhoumatism, nervous
heamtache, the after effects of la grippe, pal
pitation of the heart, pale and sallow com
plixions, all forms of weakness either in
male or enemale. Pink Pills are sold by all
dealers, or will be sent post paid on receipt
of price, 50 cents a box or six boxes for
$2.50, (they are never sold in bulk or by the
100), by addressing Dr. Williams' Medicine
Company, Schenectady, N. Y.
FOl SAllE COTTON SEED from long sta
U1 OtLL pie cotton, sold pres,-nt season
at 13 cents apund. This seed is of the Davis
improved variety and is very prolific, yield
peese.t season being a bale per acre. 75c a
ushel or $30.00 a ton. Address Sam Rem
bert, care Irby Boyd & Co, Memphis,
Tenn.
RODS For tracing and locating Gold or Silver
JOre, lost or hidden treasures. N. D. YOW
LER, Box 837. Southington, Conn.
ADY CATHARTIC
CURE CONSTIPATION
tO1 *ALLI
25 so DIntlGITSI
IR .qN.iP. ll to eao ur m esof oeastitia~ . Coearets ao th ldeal tus .
uB 1 -U 1M UVnlu z111u tBe. Iaerne or r p or tipe.bat eans elsyatealretalg. 'Sam
pie and bookldt ree. Ad. SUTRLINwe RIEEDT ChiWcag. loatreal, Cas. orlNlor k, 33.
*-A
An old gentleman in Harrisburg, Ark., a Justice of
the Peace, had no'knowledge of
RIPANS TABULES
until, to quote his own words, "I read about them on the
slate from Spirit Side. I then got one of our druggists
to order some of them. I received the Tabules by mail,
and have taken according to directions from the Spirit
Side, and must say that' they are the most wonderful
medicines for liver and stomach that I ever saw. I wish
these Tabules .were in every family."
T ..
ENCYCLOPh tI
F miht well. be the nsmo of
OO0-page book sent postpaid tor
0o, Ja stapps by the BOOK
PUBLISHING HOUSIT,
134 Leonard Street, N. Y. City, for it serves the purpose of the great enoyolopeltU
costing a hundred times the 60SLasked. It is completely Indexed, making the informstlen
Instantly available. With this viu., able book you have a world of knowl.
edge at your, fingers' ends, and can .3 easly supply a lack of early eduea.
tional advantages. When reading, don't you constantly comens aorosa trat
*rences you fail to understand? Isn't 50c. a small amount to pay for having suoh knowledge
at knd? Do you know wLo Crossu waU, and where he lived? Who built t)i Pyramids, and
.when? That sound travels 1 feet per second? What is the longest river id the world? That
ihtron Polo ihvented tho compass in 120, and who Marco Polo was? What the Gordian Knit
0 was? The book contalsg thousands of explanationl oflt o.tt0
such tatitta as you wonder about. Isay it at time very
w._..er, f b1*f a gWaer and I.sra.. TUVSI r-e .
;~·.-z.:~.·: ·· 1
THE
ELECTRIC
" STAR.
The most
i Wonderful
. Dsicovery
Of HModern
II Times,
Will
Instantl"
Relieve
and permanently cure Rheumatism, S:iaticaJ
Atrophy of the muscles, Varicose Veins,
Chilblains, Paralys!s, Neuralgia, Dizziness,
Melancholia, Chills and Fever, etc. If stead
ily worn will prevent many forms of disease
peculiar to careless exposure, an I at the same
lime \ italize and correct the entire system.
Absolutely harmless, light and handy, it can
be clrried in the pocket. Never fails, never
wears out. Nothing like it everknown before.
Price $1.00, by mall or sent C. 0. D.,
THE ELECTRIC STAR COMPANY,
1181-1183 Broadway, New York City.
REVOLVER FREE. WATCH FREE
138 other articles. Cost nothing. Read oar ouer
S Every pereFn who cute this out aed sends
E to nE, oamlg express office, will be atn.
tied to I automatt , double actionn, a W.
S model at or I cal. $7 Itevolrer, I solid
nickel $4 stem -Ind and stem set Wateh,
I elegant rolled gold $1 VeIt Chaln, I triple
tilier plated Tea Sponus worth $1
[Mair goh plated $1 Cuff Iluttons,gold
,lated Watch ('harm worth 7c.;.
itn. diamoend soUid gold $ Scearf Pin,
I dos. Collar BIulons. t10 Envelopes,
I doz. high-grade ead Peuens,
I Lead I'enlclt Sharpener, 1 Pock.
etlMetmrandumt and I Perpet
ual Button Ilole Bouquet.
i All we ask, In order to In
. troduee our cigars, is that
tREE tn aio u allows o sed n
iR EE . 70 tmnte package 60 of onr
finest tle. Ctgar, ralsed
at 4.97. Ftull exaolntlote
allowed. Remember, you only pyr 4.P1 and express for tte
rigars, and the 140 articles tltled alg (,R are free. If you don't
cnsider the lot worth 3 titles what e,o ask, don't pay I cent. -
Address WINSTON %MIFG. CO., 1 iuston, N. C.
Young Ladies' College.
IN THE VIRGINIA MOUNTAINS.
Build lngs grand: scenery and healthfulness
superior; facilty fir.t-class: board warranted
good; all modern conveniences.
TERMS UNUSUALLY LOW.
For music, tuition, board, washing, heat
and light, for half session, $00.00.
Catalogue sent free.
J. 1. MILLER, D. D., President,
Buena Vista, Va.
REPAIRING.
Everything pertaining
to bicycles and rpair.
Skept in stock. The test
workmenu and fntest m -
terials in ou' repair ue
daruneut. Promptaud
caretul attention to
mall orders. Inquiries
solicited.
THE LOOSLEY CYCLE CO..
lirmnlngham.t Ali,.
ASTHMA
POPHAIW ASTHMA SPECIFIC
Gives relief i FInV nmintes.. Send
for a Flka trial ackage. Soldb
Druggicsts. One Box sent
Addl T1105. 10111hZ,6 P11, 1
SALESMEN WANTED-We wish a few sales
<1 men in each Son tbern State; salary $75
to .I0J par month. Experience not absolute
ly necessary. Good opportunity. The E. W.
Culler Tobacco Co., Greensboro, N. C.
OQursR. l. J..T&PHEII.