LOUISIANA POPULIST.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A YEAR. There is No Free Country, Unless the People Rule. PRICE, 5 CENTS.
VOL. II. NATCHITOCHES, LOUISIANA, FRIDAY, JANUARY 17, 1896. NO. 22.
THE AGENTS' REPORT.
BOSS ROTHSCHILDS CONFERS
WITH HIS FRIENDS.
SRounthern "Free Silver Democrat" and a
Western "Free SIlver Republican" Confer
With Their Politlal Employer and Tell
Him How They Manage.
A retent issue of the Washington
Silver rnight had a cut of Roths
childs seated with a .southern silver
1Democrat on one side and a western
silver Republican on the other, when
the following eolloquey took place:
Rothschild: Shentlemen, I vas reaty
to receive your reports.
Western Republican: May it please
your honor, my task is a difficult one.
My constitutents are against your gold
policy. Every man of them is for free
coinage of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1,
and if they knew I was in your service
my life would he the forfeit. You will
see by the written report which I pre
sent, the methods I pursue to get elect
ed to positions where I can serve you
bost. I use the tariff and tell the fool
Pepublicans in the silver states that
duties on lead, lumber, wool and other
things are more important to them
than silver, and I figure up what a vast
amount of these other articles
are produced and show them
how insignificant the product of
silver is. But my strong card is to
tell them that the Republican party is
the party of progress, and that we
must look to that party; that we can
get something through the Republican
party and nothing through any other
party. I discourage them about a new
party and tell them, as you have
directed, how Impossible it is
to organize a new party. I have been
compelled in the last year to make
three trips to ('hicago to get your
Socialiststo go out to my country and
tell the people" that all the trouble
arises from monopolieS, and the way
to do is to have the government do
everything and take charge of the
whole business: and point to some
things that the government does pretty
well--carrying the mails for instance
--and may to them that if the govern
meat did the farming and railroading,
building the faetories and the opening
of mines, it would be well done and it
would stop monopoly. This Socialist
card is a great one. You did well in
selecting them as a disorganizer. T'hey
work like a charm. AMr. Rothschild, t
you see that my services have been
very arduous, and I hope you will esti
mate them at their true value in dis- t
tributing your favors.
Rothschild: I abbreciate fully ze
great service of mine agents in ze west,
who vas eombelled to blay a dooble I
bart. Dey vas a leetle awkward at
virst, but now you bisys ze game of
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde mit greater
success zan ze'original. You haf im
brooved on it very much und your re
wards shall pe according to your great
labors, und zay to your co-workers
blaying ze same part that Rothschild
will nefer see them suffer so long as
dey vas drue and faithful und bring
him monish. Vat kind of a rehort
does mine frendt from zc sunny land s
of ze south pring? I1
Southern Democrat: The difficulties n
with which a southern Democrat is I
compelled to contend in assuming the :
character of Dr. Jeykil and Mr. Hyde a
are very great. The southern people n
are excitable but where they have con- I
fidence they believe with all their
hearts, but when that confidence is
shaken in the least they become the
most dangerous enemies in the world. t
I tell you, Mr. Rothschild, it is more f
dangerous to play the game we are
compelled to play than the business of i
acting the spy between two armies. a
We have to make the deception per
feet. a
Rothschild: How does you shentle
men manage dot game?
Southern Democrat: Why, negro
denomination is our great card. We i
have seceeded in many elections by a
telling the people if they don't vote the
ticket made in Wall street under your I
supervlskm (of course they don't know
that you supervise) that the Republi- t
ceans will put the negro on top of them c
and that will be the end of them. That t
etchesb themta every time. But some of -
the westem snators, with that inco- p
rigbe radical silver man old Stewart o
at the heatd, helped s to best the force ,
Ml Ofeourmsewehad to be against
the force i, but we dide at expect to
best it. We had no intention to best
it. You ee when that wuas baten i
some of a mouthern brethren thought c
that them was no more deager in that
club sad immediately orgaalaed the
eiois Populit party, which is giving
agsatdealof trouble. lo head
that o swe have to be better silver
mea with ear meths than the real sI1
ve m tem 'sels. We hase to swear
all orlets o aths and, Mr. Bothchild,
we have to speak ill of you,
rwb hat or feelings mors than
ay ther prt we haveto play, be
eae our enemies ehrge us with be
ing yeat f dnlr a ef the people be
Mewed it they woouM tash ar livee.
Weri e eaming the mttr dowa a
byM3 n se that we wW diale I i
t uV if the Demeserai eevsu- _
,(U ,Sek, G. geM,. ., waM I
ha" to lith the ea.ma1 to I
-e the - l emea th priamplee.
Was~ 4p Cr9 o tweM * s esenes a
cause they don't know what the great
Democratlc principles are, and we are
very careful never to tell them. They
think it is something grand and must
be saved. and in that way we manage.
But it is hard work and you must be
liberal, hecause it is very expensive
playing this l)r. Jeykll and Mr. Hyde
game, but behold how valuable the
RothRchild: Ye,.. ze snecess was:
valuable. It makes me millions und I
nefer let mine servants In ze south
suffer. You knows dlot. I danks you
very much for making me monish und
keeping dose t~oples in mine parties
t vhere dey belong. to vote for you, to
york for me.
EDITORIAL OPINIONS.
Starvation is the argument corpora
tions offer to their wage--.laves for
justice.- Kansas ( ity Appeal to Reason.
England has starved more people to
death in this country than she will
ever kill with guns.-(reenville In
dependent.
The only hone .t money is full legal
tender money. And the beauty of it
is. you can make full legal tender
money out of par. --Tenaha Leader.
If Mr. Cleveland wishes to save the
gold reserve the only way for him tc
do it now is to pay out the silver in
the treasury. -Woodlward (0. T.
New s.
The power of thought is most won
derful. If an old party voter will
splend a few days in earnest thought it
would revolutionize his politics.-
Southern Mercury.
The whole attention of the public
must he fixed continually. persistently
and strongly for a long time, on some
one great object, in order to attain it.
--( "oming Nation.
It is lad enough to lay hnrdcns of
taxation on the women and children
of the present generation; but bonds
lay grevious burdens on generations
yet unborn. - Pueblo Reform Press.
It is not entirely forgotten over the
water that .Sec'retary Bayard was born
in the U'nited States, but his English
friends make great allowance for it, as,
of course, he could not help it.-New
(hleans Picayune.
IThere is nothing so foolish as for an
intelligent man to waste his time upon
some simple fallacy after his attention
has been called to its defect and a bet
ter plan has been presented.--Olathe
(Kan.) Progressive l''hought.
If those people who are "offering
their services" for war against Eng
land will do a little voting against
English interests there will be no
necessity for war. We need their bal
lots more than their bullets.-Ameri
can Nonconformist.
The idiotic dribbles of Harrison and
('leveland in the use of the phrases
'"sound money, safe currency, and
every dollar must he as goodwl as every
other dollar," would he beneath con
tempt if no one was ignorant enough
to suppose they have any real mean
ing. --Washington Silver Knight.
Europe is becoming more and more
s twialistitic every year. Switzerland
has taken the match industry under
national ownership. The government
pays high wages, abolishes the yellow
phosphorus work. which is poisonous,
and nmakes a profit which relieves that
much taxation.-Pan Yan, (N. Y.)
East and West.
The name Thing for Years.
The Washington correspondent of
the )allas News writes that paper na
follows:
* They are making polities very fast
in there," said a visitor to the capitol
a few days ago to Lnother.
,'Yes," the other replied, "-but they
are not making candidates very fast
who may hope to get the nomination."
That is the impression of the ob
serving people who come to look at the
house and the senate when these bodies
are in action.
That is all they have done for years.
Instead of repealing the law that
permits honda to be issued, abolishing
the "gold reserve" and increasing the
circulating medium and thus relieve
the people, they are "*making politics"
-formulating an issue to divide the
people on and keep them in the two
old parties. "May the devil take the
whole lot of thim."
Abet fgbLt.
lHere is the way President Cleve
land's three mesuagee struck the
oountry:
Presidential Mesesage.
0
Venezuela Message.
o
Ald there you are.-Peoria Journal.
ea6m Thqe weali.
We'rmly believe if the bosses wouMl
make the Armenals question the lasie
between the two old plute parties at
the neaxt national electlo, the poor 1
£ghtbr theLrbin boses awe.l ai the
lease were b~c~i-C-1-5-t.- il (PI) I
aGeslPliamper
A GREAT QUESTION.
STOP AND THINK OF INTEREST
ON MONEY.
Its Efect, Upon the Country are Hanefnl
Indeed-Some Think it Absolutely Nec
essary to Eliminate Int rest from Our
Economic System.
1 Ve:' man' honest antl well-meaning
1 people never stop to think a moment
on the question of inte'rest on montey
and its effect on the country. T'hey
hastily conclude that Ibecause they do
not hIorlrow and pay interest over the
bank counter that therefore the sub,
ject has no practical bearing on their
affairs, and they pass it by unheeded.
This position is wrong.
It is carelessness on your part. not a
desire to harbor a wrong.
Some of you raise wheat. You -end
it to the market and sell it to the
grain dealer. lie pays you what you
call cash--lank notes. Hlis promnisory
note is in bank at eight, or ten, or
I twelve Iwr cent. for the identical
money he pays you for the wheat. lhi
cuts the price as low as posihle and
then adds the interest on. If he does
not he will go out of business as a
bankrupt very soon. lie sells the
wheat to the wholesale dealer. His
note is in the bank at ten per cent. and
he adds it on. Then the miller buys
it. His note is in the bank at ten per
cent. and he adds it. lie manufactures
it into flour and sells to the baker,
whose note is also in bank at ten per
cent., and he adds it on. The baker
makes it into a 5-cent loaf and when
you buy it for your family you lay the
usury or interest all the way round.
Just so with every other line of pro
ducts. the interest enters many times
into the cost of every article ionsume.I
in society and the conumner fret:- the
hill in the incr .ased cost of the, arti
cles.
A distingui-hcld gentleman. now tie
ceased, made use of the following illus
tration on a celeblrated occasion:
* Suppose that at the time James
town, Va., was settled, in 1607, ('apt.
Newport had purchased of the mother
country all the lands now within the
boundaries of the United States for the
sum of $1 and had given his bond and
that of his successors in this country
therefor. payable in :A_ years, and so
cured it by mortgage upon the lands
purchased. Most of you will say that
was a magnificent bargain. As to
whether it was a good bargain or not
depends upon the rate of usury named
in that bond. Suppose the rate
named was ten per cent compounded
annually. That debt would have
fallen due in 19.3) and would have
amounted to more than $1.0S ,tN1(,
(n00000,. while the value of all property
real and personal, in the entire nation
is only $70,C(Nt,Euf5).tIH$. Sulppose this
mortgage to be now foreclosed and the
mortgagee hid the full value of the
property: a nation of 70E,(tNuiN pae
plc are made paupers at one fell stroke
of the sheriff's hammer and they and
their descendents are left in perpetual
blndage for more than one thousand
billions.
--It is necessary to eliminate inter
est from our economic system. l'his
moloch of usury gathers tribute con
stantly every moment from everything
that has value. You cannot worship
your God in the observance of his ordi
nance by taking communion at the
Lord's table without paying tribute to
this dividing and concentrating com
muni-t in the eoyt of the bread and
wine.
-"While yolt. in obedience to the de
mands of tired nature, cease from la
lor when night comes, and in obedi
ence to the commandment to remember
the Sabbath day and keep it holy, seqk
rest one day in seven--this godless, pa
gan, infidel, dividing, gathering and
concentrating communist, Usury, goes
on and on, in summer and winter, rain
and shine. day and night, weekday and
Sabbath, in prosperity and in advers
ity, depriving industry of the fruits of
its toil and piling up the wealth in the
coffers of the Rothschilds, Bavings and
Vanderbilts, unheeding the cries of
distress and the starvation of millions,
and defying the laws of G(;od.
,,This usury (interest) levies tribute
upon the swaddling clothes of the in
fant in its cradle and never ceases
through all the life of that human
being to exact tribute from it each mo
ment of time, and when in old age that
life sicken unto death it takes a share
of value from the medicine adminis
tered to alleviate the pangs of dissolu
tion, anmid then this fiendish, ghoulish
vampire suacks tribute from the grave
clothes anmid coffin in which the corps
is buried and from the cold stone that
marks its last resting place."
Are you one of these victims?
Are your children never to be re
lieved from this octopus that sucks
their life blood with each of its hun
dreds of months?
Will you blindly grope along sup
porting a system that has made thou
msads of millionaires ad millions of
paupers?
Youa have one chance in a thousand
of becoming one of the millionaires
'an 999 cheaues of becomia~ one of
the pnoper~.
Do you prefer this system or would
Srather have one that would insure
a competeame to every)- man willaing to
verts urS m ulb og- he tM er
to starve in ,obdience to the diviti
command, "In the sweat of thy face
shalt thou eat bread?"-Indianapoli,
Farm Record.
Restore .Slver Agalm.
BY W. H. 4 ADMIN.
Air: As I S.at Upon My Dear old Mother' Knee.
I 've a tender recollection of good times that
used to he.
And oft I think and wonder where they're
gone
The people then were happy: they then c,:rilt
prospects see.
But now the masse sing a different song.
I remember in the evenings we enjoyed our
firesides bright.
our little homes were all that heart could
wish:
But now with goidhugs ruling. no brightness it
in sizht.
Our silver money sadly we do miss.
`;o if you this wotuld end, lets to our congress
send
Sixteen t o one free coinage silver men:
Yes. te can by solid effort. enjoy what we in
h-rit.
It we would only silver restore again.
We have many tlhousand b-ggars. whose homes
were wrecked antd ruine I.
And now they're tramping. tramping all the
day:
No light to guile their footsteps, but nature's
good oll moon:
Their only warmth the blessed sunshine ray.
Their homes were from themu stlen by the
combines and the trust.
The chilling bla-t of Shylock keenly told.
No hope to cheer therli onllard, their tood a
back door crust,
And their cJmfort is-the charm of winters'
cold
DIemocratic Weakness.
lion Karn'.tt (;itb. haIing jolit ire'
tuirn'l friom a trip we't, a )Dallas News
relport'er calldl on hini for an expres
sion in rcigarl tA, ( 'hairmian Dudleyly',
letter to couintv chairmen and the con
dition of pwolitic' in the state,. Hie sail:
"*If the county chairmnen will re'mWrt
the exact condition, ( hairmen Dludley
will find the party in had shape in
Texas. Unless there is unexpected
change in public sentitnr.t, the next
lImoctratic priomari., will !o very
slimly attended. a- a large number of
the heretofor motin faithful I)e-uocrat.
in T''xa doni't want to commit theni
se'lves to -uipli.rt the .tat or national
ticket and want to Its free to act on
the ticket, and platform. after they
are made. Ther- i" no inclination to
the Rl.puhlian pai';. a t ile ma-s's'
are oppl)w,. to hi,,h taxs.-. excl'itant
pensions antid otic i' xt ra aganit appro
priations.
""A great many De.ncttrats don't see
any more danger in the subtreast'ury
folly than in the continual i-.ue of
bonds in time of plea'e and in the con
tinued extravagant expediture of pulb
lie money. A great many lDemocrats
don't see any chance to reorganize the
party in Texas without tirst defeating
it and transfering the power of official
patronage to the lIopullists. T'he state
administration has dis..altmint.il the
ma.sse. in failing to re'florm the official
fee system, tinder which there is no
limit on the aggregate amount that an
officer can realize in fees. It has dis
appointed them in the railroad commis
sion results and in the increase of tax
ation and in the failure to simplify the
criminal laws i a,- to make them sits
'eptihle of easy and vigorous enforce
ment. It has pe'rmitted too much of
thte sihool ftuni to be diverted from
actual tuition. A ;,rcat many Demo
crats hslieve that tweinty-two tears in
power has caused Tl'xas Democracy to
drift into rings.
"'l'he T'lxas ma- In . are not only
hopele.lsly divided in their opinion as
to whic.h c'onstitutes a Dlemocratic sys
tem of finance, but also as to what con
stit.ltes tariff reform. Thoey have fig
ured out that free wool. hides and sut
gar and protec'ted woolen goods. sho.s
and candy catches them' on what they
raise as well as on u hat they consume.
Thley can't ste why the lteminorati:r
cougre.tm di I lot rednelli ex lense more
and cut oft pi'n. ions firol the rich
while they could pia--. st, i hills. It
don't believe a people .-o urltidened in
peace with debts and taxation are in a
position to go to war nnles forced to
it. The attemlance at ae primaries
will show great weakne_''
A Costly Leara.
There is no eye op-nert so effectual
for farmers as continued low prices of
all products. T'hey ciurtail their ex
penses, consume less than their needs,
close factories thereby anId the world
suffers. They may get to voting Iby
and by.--Indianapolis (Ind.) Noncon
formist.
Too Greem to Berm.
Speaking of Democrats who think
the free coinage of silver can be oh
tained by remaining "inside the Dem
ocratic party," the Buzz Saw man says
that when Old Nick captures them it
will be necessary to kilndry them be
fore they'll dry.-Dublin (Ga.) Tranms
cript.
Dom't lForget.
lkmn't you forget this. The People's
party has gained 240 per cent in three
years, and this in publicly admitted by
the chairman of the Republican na
tiomnal committee. Stick a pin in
thts.-Federatlsburg (Md.) Peninsular
Farmer.
same Old Sog.
The war scream of the American
eagle has lulled the financial cry into
insignificance. But we will continue
the old song-free silver at the ratio
of 16 to 1. anmd no aw' in outrs. --Hunts
ville (Ala.) Tribune.
Iv our legislation fo-t 'i'ed the later
oeat of all prod nlmers, a . it shnuld. there
would b but litthl complaint ii thb,
tent.
ROASTS THE COURTS.
EUGENE V. DEBS DISCUSSES
THE WAYS OF JUSTICE.
Judges Are Often Corrupt Creature-
Jay Gould Said, "When I Want a
Jodge I Buy Him"--DeLpotlxm lure
and Simple.
We hold these truths to be self-evi
dent-that all men are created equal,
that they are endowed by their Creator
with certain inalienable rights; that
among these are life, liberty, and the
pursuit of happiness.-Declaration of
Independence.
It has been held that in the political
institutions of the United States t! 're
are two fundamental facts recognized -
the sovereignty of the people and the
equality of conditions. It is held by
eminent jurists that these facts are or
iginal, perfect, and uncontrollable.
In the formation of the government
under which we live certain rights of
the individual are surrendered, but
never an inalienable right, never the
right of life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness.
To invade such rights, to strike them
down, is despotism pure and simple.
It does not matter by what method
such rights are abridged or destroyed;
it does not matter under what circum
stances the rights are murdered or who
the assassin may be; it does not mat
ter whether a vandal court, a savage, or
a sultan perpetrates the crime, nor by
what juggling lies are clothed in robes
of truth, nor does it matter what high
offielals surround the bier upon which
a dead right is borne to its grave, or
what Mare Antony orations embellish
the funeral, the occasion simply cele
brates the death of rights essential to
freedom, and when they cease to exist,
though drums may beat and banners
wave and eloquent tongues glorify law,
the three cardinal rights-life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness-lie dead
in the presence of the people, and the
"sovereignty of the people" and the
"equality of conditions" go down to
gether.
It is not to be expected that a despot
ism is to be proclaimed from the house
tops and that the rights of the people
are to disappear as when earthquakes
swallow down cities. The apprach of
the calamity will be insidious. The
subtle and treacherous enemies of lib
erty will inject Into some law a provi
sion to be vitalized at the proper time
and made the weapon of those who
espouse the cause of wealth against
labor.
Such reflections are largely within
the boundaries of facts now in course
of development, and provisions which
are claimed to answer the demands of
the friends of despotic power are said
to exist in what are known as the inter
state commerce law and the anti-trust
law, which, as they are interpreted by
the courts, uproot and scatter to the
winds the right of railroad employes
to decide for themselves whether they
will continue or abandon work. as they
may elect, because, forsooth, this work
is of a "public" or "semi-public" char
acter, and hence the public, more prop
erly the government, under the laws
which the government enacts, at once
reduces the employe to a servitude that
must inevitably, unless all sense of lib
erty and Independence is crushed and
dead, result in revolution.
One of the astounding phases of the
controversy new going forward, involv
ing the inalienable rights of citizens, Is
the autocratlc power exercised by the
courts. It is dlfficult to find words for
the proper characterization of this
power. In such discussions it becomes
necessary to refer to the debasing meth
ods by which certain mental and
moral infirmities find their way to the
beach and are permitted to don the
robes of ofce. They are often the crea
tures of a corrupt appointing power and
are selected because of their willingness
to do the bidding of those who are able
to pay the price of their treason to jus
tice. Having gained notoriety as cor
poration lawyers, their study and am
bltlon having been to find law for the
protection of the Iniquitous practices of
corporations, they go upon the bench
to continue their corporation practice,
until men who have the means are dis
posed to follow the example of Jay
Gould, who said: "When I want a judge
I buy him;" and this debauchery of
courts has reached a pass that a ma
jority of the people regard courts, their
orders, and decisions, with profound
suspicion and contempt; and this de
bauchery, this stupidity which distin
guishes certain Judges, creates in the
public mind a continually intensified
scorn, because the people behold in such
things only the mockery of justice. They
see a petty tryant called a judge issuo
ing dynamite orders designed for the
destruction of the rights of working
men and their organlsations.
The practlces of corporations to de- 1
spoll workingmen are never so much as
hinated at; only the rights of corpora- 4
tlons to throttle, gag, crush, and de- 4
grade their employees recerive attention.
It ,ere useless to attempt to obscore I
the facts. Sophisms and chicane have N
had their day, and it is seen that an I
effort is being made by the courts to
subject employes to conditions such as
i farmer dayp arsm men to dmanuao e
the starry ensign of the rstlos as a
"flaunting lie."
It is held in certain quarters that
the courts are not deciding "that strikes
are always and everywhere illegal, but
only that striking must be done in such
a way as not to perpetrate an arbitrary
and grievous wrong upon the public."
A strike of railroad employes engaged
in the train service necessarily and al
ways subjects the public to inconven
ience, which is called "a wrong," hence
the intimation of the courts and the
conclusion of corporations that since
quitting employment on the part of em
ployes perpetrates this "wrong." this
inconvenience to the public, they shall
not abandon their employment. But
the courts do not intimate that it would
be a "public wrong" or a public inca: -
venic:ce for corporations at their pleas
ure to discharge one or 100 employes.
or to reduce them to starvation wages
and defrade them to peonage, hence it
will be observed that neither the courts
nor the corporations care a straw for
the fundamental fact of "equality of
conditions." which, once destroyed, no
matter by whom, the ship of state, like
a disabled ship at sea, drifts wherever
the winds of chance and fate may
drive it.
Are we to wait until every shackle is
riveted? Are we to insist on crying
"peace" when the shottei orders of
courts, deadly as bursting bombs, ren
der men as speechless as if they were
dead? I ring no alarm bells when there
is no danger approaching. I simply in
vite workingmen to contemplate the
shadows of events, as fraught with dan
ger as when Patrick Henry proclaimed:
"Give me liberty or give me death."
Let it be understood that the old land
marks are being rapidly obscured, de
stroyed, forever obliterated. The auto,
racy of courts, defining by legal jug
glery the rights of workingmen. the
rights of corporations, and the rights
of the people and the equality of condi
tions, and lobby-made laws by de
bauched votes strike right and left and
always at the rights of workingmen.
They are shearing from Sampson's
head his locks of power, they are seek
ing to make him blind to their pur
poses, they laugh at his calamity and
mock at his fear, but it were better to
desist, better to be just, else the labor
Sampson may some time grasp the pil
lars of the temple of despotism In
America and re-establish the "sover
eignty of the people" and the "equality
of conditions" upon Its ruins.
EUGENE V. DEBS.
LEGION CIRCULAR NO. 8.
The election is over. We have
gained wherever we had a state ticket.
We have no cause for sorrow, except
the agony we feel for the oppressed
people. If they had energy and zeal
enough to organize they would not be
crushed. It is apparent to all that we
must organize. We have gained in
every locality where we have the Le
gion at work. It is too late to perfect
another plan. It took three years to
establish the Legion. It meets every
want of our party. By organizing now
a Legion in every township we can win
in that locality. All it needs is unity
of action. When you organize send
5 cents to Rev. J. D. Botkin, Neodesha.
Kansas, and get his book on plan of
work. If this method is followed we
can carry the election. We must act
speedily. It will be too late if we wait
until the national convention. We will
lose the long hours of the winter. We
can not afford to lose one minute. It
is folly to sit and growl and find fault.
It is more than a crime to wait on the
so called leaders of the party. Let the
people act. Let every ardent soul who
loves the cause of humanity and will
sacrifice time to organize send for
commission as scout or county recruit
r uing ofmcer. If you have no time for that
send for papers and organize at home.
and then appoint a committee to plant
other Legiond in all the surrounding
country. We send supplies free, but
want stamps to mail them.
If the people will not move the cause
will perish. We should not lay down
and let the enemy trample us under
foot. If each one of the six million
people eligible as members of the Ie
gion would join and pay 10 cents en
trance fee and 10 cents annual dues,
the campaign fund for 1896 would be
abundant.
If all who are able would send $1 for
certilflcate of membership, we can raise
a fund that would furnish all the
speakers and literature free.
The brave Coxey, the gallant Burket.
the eloquent and manly Pettitt would
have won if every precinct had been
organized In each state. I appeal to
every willing worker In our party; to
every manly heart, to every tender
souled woman to help this work. I may
issue, as one critic says, "bombastic cir
culars," but I must do something. My
sworn duty demands It. I wish I could
round the trumpet call that would rally
the people. I pray that the feeble word.
I writ may touch many loyal hearts.
It takes a circular every month to
even wake the sleeplng multitude for
one day. I again appeal to all our
editors, to our great writers to seand
the alarm and urge the whole member
ship of our party to combine oa the
National Legion.
We esn marris in sohid column to
victory, If we pct npa this call.
PAUL VANDeRVOORT.