People who are in the habt of pioCes
ag all thieves and robbers as low.
brewed villians of vulgar manners will
receive a rude shock when they learn
of the conduct of a young man who d«e
spoiled Mrs. 0. J. Newstrom, of Chi
cago, of her pocket-book. This young
man approached his victim with the
utmost politeness, said "Please throw
up your hands," and when she did so
and her pocket-book fell to the side.
walk, he removed his hat with a polite
apology before stooping to secure it.
The age of chivalry is upon us.
r 1 Now York multimillionaire writes
a column article to prove that any man
with a capital of $47 to start with can
speedily pile up a million dollars. Will
somebody kindly loan us $46.90?
The Ladlee.
The pleasant effect and perfeot safety with
whioh ladies may use Syrup of igs, under all
conditions, makes it their favorite remedy.
To get the true and genuine article, look for
the same of the California Wig Syrup Com
pany. printed near the bottom of the paosge
Ior sale by all responsible druggists
Any man can make at least one woman
happy for life. All he has to do is to remain
a bachelor.-Atchison Globe.
Among tyhe Noted.
Among the most noted and successful spe
cialists in this country are Dr. IDozier C& to.
They have extendtld their business from
year to year an the patronage riven to them
In the several surrounding States is most
gratifying. Dr. Dozier is a high-toned,
polished, Christian entleman and has many
warm personal friends in Anniston who
knew him years ago when practicing in
Rome, ta.-Anniston (Ala.) Hot Blast,
$100 Reward. t1le.
The reader of this paper will be pleased to
learn that there is at least one dreaded disease
that science has been able to cure in all its
stages, and that is Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh
Cure is the only positive cure known to the
medical fraternity. Catarrh being a constitu
tional disease. requires a const.it tlional t reat
ment. Hall's (atarrh Cure is taken internally,.
acting directly on the blood an t mucous sur
faces of the system. thereby destroying the
toundation of the disease, and giving the pa
tient strength by building up the constitution
and assisting nature in doing its work. The
proprietors have so much faith in its curative
towers, that they offer One Hundred Do are
for any case th..t it fails to cure. Send for list
of testimonials. Addlress
F. . J. t 'H sv & Co.,Toledo, 0.
iS'Sold by Druggists, 75c.
Hall's Faintly Pills are the best.
Are Tou Satisfied With What You Know,
Or would von gladly improve your stock of
knowledget You may not have 50 or 50) you
can spare for a It-volume encyc.opaita, but
you can afford to pay filty cents for a Hand
Bookof General Information. You won't want
to pay even th s unle's you are desirous of
improving your minrd and believe that a five
hundred-page boo', filled with a condensed
nas of vatushle knowledge, will be read by
you. This valuable Encyclopedia will be sent
Dostpaid for fifty cents in stamps by the Book
Publi-hing House, 131 Leonard St., N. Y. City.
Every person who has not a large encyclopedla
should take advantage of this great offer at
once and store his mind Kith the valuable
facts collated in this book.
Tell a Priend Good ewse.
PaovtnDzcn, R. I.
"Please forward six boxes of Txrraxantl, C.
O. D. I think it strange that it is not sold
here in New Eanrl nd, a. it i, the Ibet cure Y or
eczema, ringworm and all eruptiois of the
skin I ever saw. 1 got a box irom a Cincinnati
drummer, and gay- p~ rt of it to a young lady
who had tried almost everything to remove
pimples and an eruplon from her face. Two
applications of I sr-rnErs completely cured
her. I know also a gentleman whose body had
been covered with ecz..mit. I wo boxesof TrT
TRItxs cnred I im completely, and now his
skin is as smooth as a baty's."
P. O. HANtr.o,
With Sliver Springs Bleaching Co.
I box for b0e. in stamps.
J. T. StuIcrals, Savannah. Ga
It is a very certain indication of an al
proaching rain-storm when some one steal
your umbrella.
Dobbins' Floatian-Borax Soap being 100 per
cent. pare. .s, therefore, absolutely all soap, and
has nothing in it to turn yellow. Dobbins' Soap
MPs Co., Phils., guarantee its purity. E-ery
ome knows the value of Borax. Try it once, plese
A man with seven marriageable daughters
says that his house is a regular court house
FiTSstopped freeand persaanetlycured. No
fits after first day's is of DL K·IAM's GRAn 1
Niaevtsroseml. Free Ptrlalbottleandtreat
en. Semd to Dr. Kline. Arh St.. Phil., Pa.
If safflicted with sore eyes use Dr. Isae 1
Thomj ' Eye Watls. Drugistsela atl e
After six years' suffering, I was cured by
Pfi's Cra.--MAaYR THOMSON, 29 14 Ohic
Ave., AUghbny, Pa., March 19, Ii.
Ms. Winslow*s Soothing 8rapup forhildre~a
teethin softens the gnm., reduces Infam.,
iron. alulays pain, cures wind coli. c. a bottle
Sn are a 'desad shot' n 1vin apast ad future.
--t. H Stephn (aies, o. hossads testify
tie same way. senrt date birth and to cenots f I
teth o( your life, L. C. Tsonsow, Astroloer,.
Ilasa Ly. io.
Fall
Medicine
Is fully as important and benealal s I
peag medinlao, for at this eason there
i peat danger to health in the varyinaI'
temperture, sold storms, malarial germ
and pealamee of foeves and other diseases.
Deager may be avelded by taking
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
b5o hat-- fart the OneTrue Dioed Purif.
Wamst Dgemtteo P os
ILsT S *m: n, ram
m. H nsU. Not.40., 1a.
I I
Ae
11
MissNNY
OVEMBER was grow
ing old, and Miss
S * Nancy Camp, who sat
at the window watch
ing the gray clouds
shift across the sky in
heavy masses, wished
in her secret heart
that it was gone.
"Who'd 'a' thought it would her
come otl so cold after such a warm
spell, Nancy?" said a voice from the
little bedroom that led out of the
kitchen.
"It's moderating. I reckon it's go
ing to snow," responded Miss Nancy.
"It't jest like that November when
Jim Wilmot went out West," con
tinued her sister, reminiscently.
"Yes," was the low response.
""£was a real warm Thanksgiving,
and then a day or two after it begun
ter snow, and the twenty-eighth-you
remember, Nancy-'twas the time they
had thet cel'bration an the school
house, and you and Jim went-my,
bow it did blow and sleet! And on
Sunday it was so drifted thet Cousin
Anne Camp-she thet was a Stevens,
you know-couldn't git ter meeting.
It was the first time in 'leven years
thet she'd missed hearing Elder Dick
ens. She felt reel bad about it," ad
ded Miss Abby.
Miss Nancy drew her chair nearer
to the window and brushed her hand
across her eyes. There was no sound
rom the little bedroom for awhile.
The big, old-tashioned clock on the
high shelf ticked away the minutes,
and Miss Nancy rooked by the win
dow, with her hands folded in her
lap.
"There's some one a-coming across
the old bridge," said Miss Nancy,
eagerly. "See wk1o at is, Nancy.
Likely as not it's that school-teacher
thet boards down ter Foster's, though
it don't sound like their team. She
must be a powerful sight of trouble to
em."
Miss Nancy pressed her face against
the pane obediently, although there
was a mist before her eyes that blinded
her a little. The wagon came nearer
and nearer, until she could see that it
had but one occupant-a man of about
forty, apparently, with a beard that
perhaps added a little to his age.
"Who is it, Nancy?" questioned
Miss Abby, fretfully. "It ain't her,
is it? My I it sounds as if it was com
ing in--in-here."
"I don't know," answered Miss
anucy. Like enough he wants some
lirections."
"He? Lands! It's a man, then!
Be sure to tell him us-"
But there came a heavy knock on
the door and Miss Abby subsided.
Slowly Miss Nancy crossed the room
and turned the knob. There was
nothing said for a moment. The man
looked steadfastly at the figure before
him; at the simply made woolen dress
with its pare white collar and cuffs;
the slender, blue-veined hands; the
face with its firm mouth and faded
blue eyes; the hair parted smoothly
and with the same little wave in front
that he remembered so well, and the
high, shell comb that wse new to him.
He saw the wrinkles, too, but he saw
more-the years of toil and trouble
that must have wrought them. All
this he noted and then held out his
hand.
"Nancy I Have you forgotten Jim?"
She gave a startled glance into his
eyes, and a little crimson flush crept
into her cheeks. It reminded him of
that time he had kissed her in the gar
den at the back of the house.
"Who is it, Nancy Y' whispered Miss
Abby from the bedroom. "Do tell
him ter come in and shet the door,
and-I want some more fennel."
"Yes, Abby," answered Miss Nancy,
opening her lips with an effort.
Jim Wilmot came in and closed the
door softly behind him.
"Is Abby very sick?" he asked.
"She hasan't walked for six years,"
euswered Mass Naney, mechanically
taking some fennel out of a dish on
the table and going into the bedroom
with it.
"Who is it?' whisperd Miss Abby
again.
"Jim Wilmot," responded her sister.
"Jmun Leands o' Goshen I Well,
well, Who'd 'a' thought he'd 'a'
turned up after all these yearst Do
tell him to come in here 'fore he goes.
Jim Walmot ! Well. Inever l"
Miss Nesay gave a little pat to the
pillows, and then entered the sit
ting room again.
'"I you'll ay to sapper, you'd
better put your hors and team under
the sbed. We havea't a hired man
now."
"Thank you," he said, gladly
She sent him a little dly glanes as
he went oat of the door.
In a few miautes he was bask again,
but the talk w a little foreed. He
told her hw rough the life was eot
We t when be It wet; heow, after
pem a dae to hi ead t, who told
him that they Mv togeth at the
Ml.he bms, eand tabt y A es "slik
~t,7~~r1Y ~ hpvgh wee
Miss Nanoy wondered, lookiner at
the firm chin, and the hair that had
t been so brown now streaked with
gray, if it was not very lonesone out
there, and if he had quite fergotten
tithe old days.
1 The clock at last warned her that
t she must be about her preparations
for suppet, and after excusing herself
r she brought in a dish of oranges to
I peel. She worked swifti-', tuough her
hands trembledand f. ~a "'ll thumbs."
She had almost r' ::.,ed her task,when
an orange b.. , ed out of the dish and
rolled on the floor. Both stooped to
pick it up, and their hands met.
"Dear !" he said, holding out his
arms.
Miss Nancy gave one glance into
the face so near her own, and in a mo
ment was crying softly on his
shoulder.
What mattered the years of waiting,
the years of toil and trouble? Noth
ing mattered any more.
The clock ticked on, and Miss Abby
awoke from the little "cat nap" she
the had been enjoying.
"Nancy!" she called, sharply.
Miss Nancy started, and raised her
crimson face with its new expression
from its resting place.
"Wait a minute, dear heart," whis
pered Jim. "I want to know when
you'll go back with me. I went away
to make a fortune and a home for
you. They're waiting. When will
you go?"
"When will I go?" echoed Miss
Nancy, bewilderedly.
"Nancy !" called Miss Abby again.
"I'm 'fraid I don't know what
what you mean, Jim," faltered Miss
Nancy.
"Why, back out West. I've got r.
pretty little place there, with tuiriv
acres or so, and nary a mortgage.
You'll have neighbors,for there's three
other farms near, and you sha'n't
work, Nancy, I'll get a girl."
"And Abby?" asked Nancy.
Jim Wilmot started.
"I had forgotten her," he said,
helplessly. "But where's the rest of
the relations? Or why couldn't she
go to a 'home' or-something?"
The flush in Miss Nancy's face faded,
and a little'line of pain formed around
her mouth.
"She'd never stand it to leave this
place. She's lived here all her life,
Jim," she said, slowly.
There was silence for a moment,
then she continued, steadily:
"I shale never leave her; so good
goodby, Jim."
"And you'll sacrifice yerself and me
for a notion?" he replied, hotly. "All
right, then, I sha'n't leave my farm
and settle down in this humdrum place
jest fer the sake of your sister. Good.
by, Nancy." And five minutes after
the horse drove out of the yard and
down the hill, while one lonely woman
strained her eyes for a last glimpse of
it, and the gathering flakes of snow
were already filling up its tracks.
She stood there a long while watch
ing the sullen clouds and the snow
that was coming thicker and faster.
Little puffs of wind blew the flakes of
snow against the pane, and Miss
Nancy wondered vaguely if they felt
unhappy because they melted so soon.
At last she roused herself and went
into the bedroom. Miss Abby, tired
of calling, had fallen asleep. She was
thankful for the respite, and going
out softly, prepared her own supper
and the invalid's, while the wind blew
furiously around the little old house
and fairly shook its foundation.
She sat by the fire with her head on
her hands long after her sister had
eaten her supper, and being satisfied
with the evasive answers to her many
questions, had gone to sleep again.
But the fire died down and it grew
chilly in the little kitchen, so finally
she, too, went to her night's rest. It
was very late when she dropped into
a light sleep, and the morning soon
came.
The day passed drearily. Miss Abby
talked incessantly of Jim-Jim, until
her sister felt she should scream or go
mad; but she did neither, and was
only a little more tender, a little more
patient.
The night set in with a regular snow
storm. Miss Abby declared they would
be snowed in by morning. The wind
blew down the ehimney with moans
like an unesy spirit.
In the morning Mss Nancy was
startled by the darkneas in the little
rooms. The wind had blown the snow
in big drifts against the windows and
door. What Miss Abby had feared
had come to pas, and they were
snowed in. But there was no cuse
for worry - yet There was plenty of
food in the pantry and wood in the
wood-box. There was no stock to suf
for, and some one would surely go by
before the day was ov r and diovr
their plight.
BShe lighted a lamp and did her work,
though in rather a half-hearted way;
sad the day passed, sad no one went
by, and the snow piled up higher sad
higher around the bouse.
Miss Abby we vr little frightened
at their itati. dmld, br h te
heair hamwha As msha q$ hamE a
seemed a little wandering, and con
fused things sttangely.
The next day. late in the afternoon,
it stopped snowing, but no one went
by, and the darkness came on again.
Another long night. Miss Nancy left
a lamp burning in the kitchen, and
then went to bed.
Very early in the morning she was
suddenly awakened by a shout and
the sound of some one kicking on the
side of the house. She hastily dressed,
and then entezed the sitting room.
"Hi I" some called.
"Who is it?" she asked.
"It's me-Atwood-down to the
foot of the hill, yer know. Wife was
sick and I had ter go fer the doctor.
Be ye snowed in?"
"Yes. Will you git someone to dig
us out some time to-day?"
"All right. I'll git Sam, if he'll
come. Be back in an hour or two."
Miss Nancy sat down and waited.
t The wood was almost gone, and she
I was glad Mr. Atwood had discovered
i their predicament.
t I The clock had just struck six which
n she heard a shovel strike the house.
"We're here, Nancy-be out in a
t shake," said Mr. Atwood.
s "All right," she answered, and went
f into the bedroom to tell Abby.
3 But her sistere was sleeping quietly,
r so she tiptoed back again.
After an hour's hard shoveling the
1 door opened, and in the gray light of
I the morning she saw Jim Wilmot
3 standing before her. Mr. Atwood, af
ter assuring himself that everything
a was safe, went around to the drifts
before the windows, and commenced
work again; but Jim did not go.
"Nancy," he said, "I was a fool
the other day. I'm going ter sell my
farm and come back here. I can't
live without yon. Nancy, will you
marry me?"
"And Abby ?" she questioned.
"Abby shall live with us. You
a shan'n't be separated,"
"But it's so 'humdrum' here, Jim,
and you'll be homesick after the West
r again," protested Miss Nancy.
"P'raps so, a little," he admitted.
"But I must heve you, Nancy. Will
you forgit what I said the other day,
1 an' marry me?"
"You know I will, Jim," she said,
r in a whisper, and he kissed her fondly.
1 And in the bedroom Miss Abby lay
asleep, a sweet peace upon her wrin
Skled face. She had gone beyond all
shadows into the reality.-Waverly
Magazine.
s The Bicycle in the Army.
Some time ago the manufacturer of
a well known bicycle wrote to Lieu
tenant James A. Moss, U. 8. A., in re
Slation to putting a company of sol
diers on bicycles. As a result ten men
were equipped at Fort Missoula and
some severe experiments are to be
made. In speaking of the subject to
a Hartford reporter, Lieutenant Moss
said:
f During the last four or five years
the bicycle as a practical machine for
military purposes has been attracting
the attention of military men both in
this country and abroad. In foreign
armies, however, the matter has been
been brought to a more practical
stage than in this country. As early
as 1870 the bicycle was used in the
Italian army. In France, Austria,
Switzerland and other European coun
- tries there are now in the armies reg
ularly organized bicycle corps. Re
c oently there have been numerous ex
1 perinment made in this country, both
a by officers of the regular army and by
s the National Guard. The interest in
the subject has so increased that there
r is no doubt that in the course of the
I next few years every regiment in the
regular army will have its bicycle
f corps. General Miles is an enthusiast
r on the subject, and in his last report
recommended the organization of a
regiment of bicycle infantry. I have
r just completed the organization of a
bicycle corps of ten men at the post,
Swhich will make extensive experimnnts
dauring the summer. The work that
has been laid out includes the rapid
conveying of messages from Fort Mis
I sounia to other posts several hundred
Smiles distant, the rapid establishment
Sof signal stations, route sketching,
ascouting, road patrolling and recon
Snoissance, and practie rides over long
r distances with blankets, rifles, ration,
and shelter tents.
Foxe Tall in the Baby's Throat.
SMonday Mrs. Jack Welsh left her
Sseven-months-old baby in charge of
the older children while she was busy.
r The children were out doors and while
Sthey were showing a lady something
Sthey placed the baby on the grass. A
,moment or two later they saw the lit.
tIe one had a mouthful of leaves and
took them away. Toward evening
Mrs. Welsh observed that the child
Shad something in its throat. She
examined it carefully but could not
find anything.
About midnight they became alarmec
and Mr. and Mrs. Welsh came to towi
sad took the little one to a drug
store. Dr. Wilson was quickly callee
sad he examined the throat of the
baby and tried with his fingers to re
move the obstruction. Findiag that
he could not do this he used an inustru
mernt and brought forth a foxtail that
had become stuck in the throat. Aa
soon as the baby was relieved it a,
I ones dropped asleep.-Oroville (Oal.
Mercnry.
A eoe Maves Niles iamg.
SThe biggest rope ever used fo,
hanlage purposes has just been made
for a distriot subway in Glasgow,
rootland. It s seven miles long, foer
and Aves-dghths inehes in cireumter
Seneo and weighs nearly sxty tons. It
Shas been made in one unjointed and
I unsplioed length of patent erunabl,
Ssteel. When in place it will form a
complete cirele around Glasow,
I erossing the Olyde in its course, sand
will rueoaaped of O4fet aq es oU
I g.A.
The Ins and Outs of It.
If you get best wear out of a coat, est work must
have gone into it. You can't get good bread out of
poor flour.
Moral: You can't get the best out of an) thing, unless
the best is in it; and the best has to be put in before it
can be taken out. Now, we have a rule to test those
sarsaparillas with a big "best" on the bottle. "Tell ut
what's put in you and we'll decide for olrse-l es al o';t
the best." That's fair. But these modest s.ir s;parl,11 s
say: "Ohl we can't tell. It's a secret. IIave i uith in
the label.". Stop There's one exception, -:a. s1ir
saparilla that has no secret to hide. It's Ayer's. I. ~you
want to know what goes into Aycr's F.irsaparill, ;: '
your doctor to write for the formula. 'I'hn (: . < ,n
satisfy yourself that you get the best of tihe S.atsa rilla .
argument when you get Ayer's.
Any doubt left? Get the " Ccrebook.'"
It k:lls doubts bt cures < ers.
Address: J. C. Ayer Co., L- eI,, Muss.
GOLD ! "'"'"ILE
AND HOBART
SILVER BRYAN AND
S SEWALL
r ~Barnnerette,
one rtfWES.
lAtoeraplhed In Plve (Clers em Net Work.
A Novelty for Every Home.
A Necessity for Every' Offce.
t 10 Cents by Mail.
ACENTS WANTED. -:. LIBERAL TERMS.
TOM_1 EVAN 34 Park RYw, Now York.
F.~lOIDA I1lA911) -10.0 wllv n land St
S.noigh foir a farm. I hav , t.2 re ,o-.re2 fruit ' il
. ansl veg1 r l!e lant, rnear thle toewn ,", :r,:,e 'at! If
stllilivf lel;Id into ten aRre tra 't% at : er r .;re. olUn
midl,' fron ..e -1n b w. t nw milew r ri r -llf o
MNe, ,.r . Practiallv below tfrt. Tie ,.n.. ',
natorl Ii ralnag.', with al tie tinter neel.sarv fr
bullt ,:ts. and fencing pur.'r , s.. ,w mill near by.
N w, nl:e I ,nd d are iheap, hi-. lhthne t., t o irr e a He
farlln in tlI - e c i(' ing . t .ion ofI the Soutlllh gulf th
tl'oa .\tre. wit: astramp Il. W. Arline, Grove pt
" City, Florida. a
Why LetYour Chickens. In
Hogs Cattle and Horses Die? re
I)r. Salmont' Mellcine. ; r .wlisrrantee I to cure
anSd fatten them or Ino:e r fu0n1lel. If your dealer 0
calnnt isupply Iou uwI .': lent. for elarg sample te
package," and Farre 's haul l,k of Inf ,rmatiun. V1
V. Serintarv .ledicine('u.. Nashville, re..'. to
fr
Al
th
Di.
$100 SILAR Per monnth. We procure
100 SlR a ~itlation for you. Itc
costs you nothing to investir.ate. Do yes want me
workat good pay? If so wrIte us for particulars"
COUCH & LUGENIEEL, SELOIA. GA. r
th
for prospectors, miners o
and treasure seekers pr
Cir.2c P. & M. Agency. Box A. Palmyra, ia el
pre
WATlf TYOUNt MEN AND L rDIES TO LEARi
W I Telegraphy for ~sltlon on rlroadL. n
L.IrE, Dallas, lene. In
PATENTS ear" epeeae.Sed setcr p
- amler IU. . Patent omct)e Irur
& Wgavxl McGill Buildlng Washlagton, D C.
FOUNTAIN PEN FREE
amndl tamp to N. Y. lairo0tr Co. P.O.Box 1.36
and tools Ondw , alA si, rP xr ,  io
VI"I' ('A\ .M 4lAti MONeY sellinglttbLadl a ' t
Favorite Carl't Sweeper. Send stamp for pueUe- at
fn are. ExcanIut toGICY., Box A Hillsboro. Ohio.
ad WHISKY habits cased. booknlat
a OP IU. M L e efuAM. AMAR
OIF
M' of tem" M M. or,
bass headasbeeck stmsh,aidg spdes,
dialJse, aseaty or profuse messes, week
Iamelpek, e are s et elvo, sheloers
and -s rose eoaetier-0, lst. ue se-e
ei.Sersmealdeslbttysefthe.
the espooetr Iteol qaee Me lU'
WIlt OF CARDUI make It the IlSg N&"
• L D. ebriaowew tsa. Iowe,
Sfr om gn onr a w eak n p ain in to y
he d, bako and ne.k-aS tumnesouldan o
Wxra or Oaann ehas gives her itaant
roled.sL Te eedt b womisedL."
ProfBabcock, the well-known Chemist,
"I find that Walter Baker & Co.'s Breakfast Cocoa is
absolutely pure. It contains no trace of any substance
foreign to the pure roasted cocoa-bean. The color is that
of pure cocoa; the flavor isnatural, and not artificial; and
the product is in every particular such as must have been
prouced from the pU cocoa-bean without the addition
of any chemical, l ' acid, or artificial flavoring sub
stance, which are to be detected in cocoas prepared by
the so-called 'Dutch process.'
Walter Baker & Co., Ltd, Dorchester, Mass.
POOR MAN' CYCLOPIA
8)-page book sent postpaid for
00e. In stamps by the BOOK
PUBLISHINO HOUSE,
634 Leonard Street, N. Y. City, for it serves the purpose of the Wreat encl clopmdi*e
easting a hundred times the 0c. asked. It Is completely ladexed, making the information
instantly available. With this valu- able book you have a world of knowl.
edge at your fngers' ends, and can * easily supply a lnak of early educa.
tisnal advantages. When reading,o  don't yoe constantly come neroas ref.
erences you fall to understand? Isn't Oc. a small amount to pay for having such knowledge
at hand? Do you know who Crss was.and where he lived? Who built t he I' ra ids,. and
when? That sound travels IIA feet perI wsood What is the longest river in tue w,orld? That
Marco Polo lanvented th empass is i, ad who Marco Polo was? What t h'e ' :, ,li n Knot
0 wal Thebook contains thousands of explanations 'f just
hach fatters asyo wagder about. ery I at the arr.
twsis aee " gre egasý "eaM aeMovea wussY.r . Vw
DR. O. T. DOZIFRS
:The IReowa rd Mouthern Spictilisat.)
Ilirnnni.Ehnam. Alta.
Succt*sfully tre::l. at. ofice or tY !'AIL,
all formis of ' lir,:,i" rt, n. r t:. ,, 1. Sklu
and l'rivate llset:! ;is of Men a31t W\ ',u II.
CUCRES (; UAAN'I'EE .
All ('hr, nlc Dlxieao*s of L. f';.. [ . r,
Heart. Ki ,ey.. ldil,.r. and all .. " '
the Genito- 'rinary orins.t are in ry I.' it
practice. lil a " pe.uliar t, w'h,. n. nt
ill renereal dii-c°i.- , eitlhetr l.x i,'v?l)
cured by mild .Iil safe remult.lt. Iipell
Ielnta to in::rrti.:e, ais Stritulr.. Viriits
cele. Inltoto i. E-:ml,.ins tand all ,evil r.
siit* of 84 pf-;! *iu · ,,r ,,xt ' i\' ind~lein ,
ntiicl ;ly anit.a r :t t'y curod. i guartn
tee satilsftial' ", i r ,.,.r' ,':t~e I treat. %1i
valuable "*leo. fIr Me 4 )ll.y and y iyiil1
ton IBlanlk :.r utn ,r I Omnn wi:i lh setnl
free in jilti., s,:lled lii .ivil, to all alit
apply. ,vntllýr tI.tl frte'. W lltIlter in per
son or by let toi r.
A FEW EXTRACTS FIOM PRESS ENDORSEMENTS,
ltundreils more of like character, anl
thsns lls of hlhh tiloriO li i , rt Ifrom p"
tienlt cian be fu lwish d if tie.e's:try.
(Atlanta (c, i tl.l rion.t
Dr. O. eT. ulier, the heat if tIle .titthern Mllical
Displneslary of Hlrmllghant la l, Is a ;.'laliit or
nearly twenty earm' eapirlew p toi the treitmelet oi
chronic, nervous and Iprvatet d se'ses ant his 1
ftrm fccei h, given him a le t. ing position in the
medical profession.
(Masniec Guile.'
Dr. Dozier can be relled upon t, I reat ienown aIn
the most successful manner, and is I known il
over the mouth.
(The Southern Odd Fellowt -
Wecannotaltl anything tl te ra putation Dr
(0 T. oier ha alrealty ne qureti in th * ine oi hi
profealtsl, but we kno lhim two ao irother loe a
1 ellow th t canl ie relictl o to carry ,tIt every
promise he makes ti toth needing his I
( tge Herald )
* " Dr. ,oz'er has reetltil for many years in
Btrmingham, and I aeh sIiitt.. ve year has a dlted to
his reptuta tli!i, to lll uuefitrtless and tio the esteem
in which hlie is hel Iy our itt i ..itzene. AL I I n`
recorl and .tpirovi.i ahiltleti etilt it him ,' the
proud dL tiatlctttln of taudlug at "the head " his
professiou."
(People's Weekly Trihunen
Als a spe Ilast Dr. Dozier is unexrelilei by an,
livingl Ihysh'ian * II Ie a tivrgiat by birth,
a high tonedl, culturei, (ihrtitian gentlemau, stritcty
honest in all hb d te llngs and tlna:cially responaoinlo
for all his contracts.
(Dally News. Birmingham.'
Dr. Dotzier is a phlysician and sutrge,"It or education.
skill and experience, it mill of tulture anti hi.b
literary attainmente aI d iti getltelllcult respected b)
all who know himn li | lI lie e re'l d on In all mat
ters pertaining to his profession.
(4lahama Christian Atdvoate 1
His (Dr Dzlter'. prfessi,*lli st:lndtlg is unim
peachable antd his character as a gentleman anit
citizen is above repro ach.
Address
DR. O.1'. T. I ZIEIR.
Lock Box 112. IlIitNottNIAM, ALA.