PAGE FOUR
THE MINNESOTA FIERY CROSS
The MINNESOTA FIERY CROSS is published every Friday by the Empire
Publishing Company. St. Paul. Minnesota, and will maintain a policy of staunch.
Protestant Americanism without fear or favor.
Edited, not to make up people’s minds, but to shake up people's minds; to
help mold active public opinion which will make America a proper place to live in.
News of truth kills more false news and shrivels up more “bunk” than all
the earnest arguments in the world. Truth helps to clarify opinions on serious
questions by serious people.
The MINNESOTA FIERY CROSS will strive to give the American viewpoint
on published articles and separate the dross from the pure gold in the current
news of the day.
The Empire Publishing Ce.. Inc., Publishers
S*N ond-cUss mailing rates applied for.
Advertising Kates Will He Furnished I pon Request
Subscription Hate, by Mall, >2.00 l*er Year
Send All News Items and Address ail Inquiries to dll Pioneer Kuilding. St. Paul.
Minnesota
■' ---- ' "
K LAN’S'PROGRAM FOR 15fc»4
L Militant, old-fashioned Christianity and operative patriotism.
2. Back to the Constitution.
*. Enforcement of the Eighteenth Amendment so long as it Is a part of
the Constitution.
4. Enforcement of present Immigration laws and enactmeiit of more
stringent laws on immigration.
Current News Review
By EDWARD W. PICKARD
AT LAST the American ex-service
man who fought in the World war
seems assured of receiving a bonus, or
as he prefers to cull it. an adjusted
compensation. The senate on Wednes
day passed the bill essentially as It
was adopted by the house, and in
both cases the majority was so great
that there is no doubt it would be
repassed over a presidential veto. But
the bonus provided for is not In cash,
so It may be Mr. Coolidge can see his
way clear to approval of the measure.
He. like President Harding, was op
posed to a cash bonus for the pay
ment of which no special financial
plan was offered.
According to the present measure,
Instead of cash the former service
man will receive a twenty-year en
dowment Insurance certificate on which
he can obtain a loan after two years,
equal to 90 per cent of the current
cash value of the policy. This loan
will be obtained through a bank which
will be reimbursed by the government
in the event of a default The loan
value of a SI,OOO policy would be $87.-
93 at the end of two years, $153.52 In
five years, and $589.19 in fifteen years.
Senator Copeland of New York,
supported by a number of Democrats,
tried to have the bill amended to pro
vide for a cash option, but this was
defeated, 37 to 48, because most of
the senators felt It would mean the
certain veto of the measure and per
haps its defeat. However, the
Democratic leaders announced after
passage of the bill that they con
aidered It an unsatisfactory makeshift
and that next winter they would make
a fight for the cash option. If a
Democratic administration is elected In
the fall they believe they can so amend
the law. With several minor amend
ments adopted on the floor, the bill
was passed by a vote of 67 to 17. Eight
Republicans and nine Democrats were
recorded In opposition.
tha cost of the bonus under the In
aurance plan Is expected to be some
where between $2,202,467,420, the
figure given by the actuary of the
veterans’ bureau, and $3,631,047,091,
the amount claimed by the treasury
actuary. The cost the first year would
be considerably in excess of $100,000,-
000.
Under Itz terms the basic rate of
compensation Is $1 a day for home
service and $1.25 for overseas service,
with maxlmums of SSOO for home serv
ice and $625 for overseas service. The
first sixty days of service are ex
cluded from the computation. En
listed men of the army, navy, and
marine corps and officers up to and
Including captains In the army and
marine corpp and lieutenants In the
navy are embraced within Its scope.
Those entitled to SSO or less receive
cash. Others receive no cash, but are
given twenty-year endowment Insur
ance certificates, the face value of
which Is the adjusted service credit
plus 25 per cent plus Interest at 4 per
cent compounded annually.
Having thus disposed of the bonus,
the senate turned Its attention to the
revenue bill, and the prospect was
that the discussion of this measure
would continue for several weeks.
Even so, the leaders In congress now
think It may be possible to adjourn
early In June, before the opening of
the Republican national convention.
EVEN the most enthusiastic prohi
bitionist will not deny the Intense
and widespread Interest In the hear
ings started last week before the house
Judiciary committee which had under
consideration fifty-nine bills to amend
the Volstead act and legalize the manu
facture, sale and consumption of 2.75
per cent beer and of light wines. First
were heard those who argued for this
liberalization of the law, and the most
Interesting and perhaps most influen
tial of these was Samuel Gompers,
who spoke for the 4,000,000 members
of the American Federation of Labor.
A few ef his sentences were:
“You ask me what Influence legali
sation of 2.75 per cent beer would
have on general prohibition enforce
ment. I answer In one sentence: It
would transform the people of the
United Btates from a whisky drink
ing to a beer drinking nation.”
“The dissatisfied man is the one
who becomes the drunkard. The satis-
fied man becomes the good citizen.
And I eaj that this prohibition of
today has caused the utmost In dls
•ntiefactiou."
“No one wants the saloon. No one
will be foolish enough to try to re
peal the eighteenth amendment. What
we who plead tor 175 per cent beer
want to do is to get the good that lies
in temperance and rid ourselves ot tne
evils of the present prohibition.”
Several eminent psychiatrists told
the committee of the great Increase
In Insanity from alcoholism since pro
hibition, and at least one minister of
the gospel stepped forward to de
clare that the Volstead act Is unen
forceable, unpopular and wrong
ethically, morally and aoclally. A
large number of samples of the poison
ous stuff sold in Chicago for “hootch”
comprised one of the exhibits.
OFFERS for Muscle Shoals were up
before the senate agricultural
committee and a delegation of Ten
nessee manufacturers appeared to
argue against the Ford bid. Their
statements may be thus summarized:
1. Expenditure of thousands of dol
lars made the South look on Ford as
its savior If given Muscle Shoals.
2. Some $35,000 for this propaganda
came from Ford friends in Nashville,
Chattanooga, Knoxville, and Memphis
alone. How much more, and its source
is unknown.
8. But the South now is waking
up to the fact that Ford In Muscle
Bhoals means ruin and not salvation.
THE house committee on banking
and currency, perfecting the Me-'
Fadden bill revising the national bank
act, approved dty-wlde branch bank
ing proposals. The committee's de
cision in this Is approved by Con
troller of the Currency Duwes.
TESTIMONY before the Teapot
Dome committee lost Its ex-parte
character for a few mlDutes when
James O. Lewis, a consulting pe
troleum engineer, upheld Former Sec
retary Denby’s policy of getting the
naval reserve oil out of Teapot Dome
and Into storage aa expeditiously as
possible. He said:
“If Teapot were rapidly developed
today, the recoverable oil could be got
out In two years. Otherwise, with the
gas pressure exhausted. It would take
twenty to fifty years and be very ex
tensive. The loss of gas pressure
would. In short, unfit Teapot for an
emergency.”
Mr. Lewis said the amount of oil
In Teapot had proved “very disap
pointing”— 12,000,000 to 24,000,000 of
barrels Instead of the bureau of mines’
estimate of 135,000,000.
WHILE the Borah committee was
hearing stories of the alleged
plot to bring about the Indictment of
Senator Wheeler In Montana, the same
topic was brought up before the
Brookhart committee. John S. Glenn
of Nashville, Tenn., told the latter
committee the first move to “get”
Wheeler was engineered by W. J.
Rums and Mai Daugherty. Speaker
GUlett of the house appeared volun
tarily before the committee and ex
ploded the sensational testimony of
Capt. H. L. Scalfe concerning a “trunk
full of whisky” which Scalfe had more
than Intimated was sent to Mr. Gil
lett’s office.
Harry Daugherty, being now free to
talk, made a red hot speech In Colum
bus in which he denied flatly much of
the testimony heard by the Wheeler
committee. His most significant state
ment was that he had given up his
cabinet post rather than “contribute
to a treasonable cause." Files of the
Department of Justice, he said, con
tained “abundant proof of the plans,
purposes and hellish designs of the
communist Internationale.”
“Bear In mind," he added, “that the
files which I refused to deliver to the
Wheeler Investigating committee at
the time my resignation was request
ed were demanded by Brookhart and
Wheeler, two United States senators
who spent last summer In Russia with
their soviet friends—those same soviet
and communist leaders who preach
destruction of constitutional govern
ment, destruction even of human life.**
PRESIDENT COOLIDGE traveled
to New York last week and spoke
at the annual luncheon of the Associ
ated Press. The more Important of
his statements related directly to Eu
ropean affairs. He said he hoped
France would accept the Dawes com
mittee report and that American capi
tal would Join in the loan proposed
for Germany. He thought that thus
the reparations question might be
definitely settled, and promised that
he would then try to bring sbout an
other world conference on disarma
ment to carry on the work begun by
the Washington conference and to
take up the codification of Interna
tional law with an attempt to estab
lish the rules of warfare and to de
termlne the rights of neutrals He
also Indorsed the Harding proposal for
American adherence to the world
court.
The President touched on the desire
for profits and the quest for easy
money, revealed in current govern
ment Investigations, as symptomatic
of the morbid financial state of mind
brought on by the war, ami continued:
“From all of this sordidness the at
fulrs of government, of course, suf
fered. In 9ome of It a few public offi
cers were guilty participants. But the
wonder Is not that this was so much
or so muny, rather that It has been
so little and so few.
“The encouraging thing at present
Is the evidence of a well nigh com
plete return to normal methods of ac
tion, and a sane public opinion. The
gravity of guilt of this kind Is fully
reulized and publicly reprehended.
There Is an exceedingly healthy dls
positlon to uproot It altogether, nod
administer punishment wherever corn
latent evidence of guilt can be pro
duced. That I am doing'and propose
to continue.”
REALIZING that economic relations
between Japan and America are
fur more vital to the former than to
the latter, Japan's privy council is un
derstood to have Indorsed the, govern
ment’s conduct In the Immigration ex
clusion matter. That is, continued
protest against'the American exclu
sion act but no retaliation. The Japa
nese were still hoping that President
Coolidge would veto the measure, and
this he was asked to do by a great
muss meeting In Osaka. Ambasaador
Hunlhara. meanwhile, explained to
congress that the words “grave conse
quences" In his note were not meant
to convey anything In the nature of a
threat, hut Representative Johnson,
chairman of the house committee on
Immigration, replied with a statement
that the action of congress had been
assured before the note was written
nnd that therefore the passage of the
exclusion clause was not due to re
sentment against the ambassador’s
language.
BECAUSE of his “Interference” In
the senate Investigation of the in
ternal revenue bureau by suggesting
the employment of Francis Heney as
investigator, Governor Plnchot lost
the chance to sit In the Republican
national convention as delegate at
large from Pennsylvania. Representa
tive Vare and others turned on him
for what they considered disloyalty
to the administration, and Ralph 8.,
Strassburger of Norristown defeated
the governor by a large majority.
Plnchot blamed the wets. Pennsyl
vania, New Jersey and Delaware all
elected delegates favorable to Cool
ldge and seemingly his nomination Is
an absolute certainty. Reports are
that he wants Frank Lowden of Illi
nois as bis running mate, and, falling
that, wishes Lowden to be temporary
chairman and to deliver the keynote
speech. It Is Interesting to note that
the Democratic national committee Is
considering the selection of a woman
as temporary chairman of the national
convention In New York.
AMONG the notable deaths of the
week were those of Mme. Eleo
nora Duse, the famous Italian tra
gedienne, who passed away In Pitts
burgh after an attack of influenza, and
Marie jCorelll, the popular English
novelist. Doctor Helfferlch, former
minister of finance of Germany, was
one of the victims of a railway wreck
In Switzerland.
A KLANSMAX’S CREED
I believe in God and in the ten
ets of the Christian religion and
that a godless natum can not long
prosper.
I beliei'e that a church that is
not grounded on the principles of
morality and justice is a mockery
to God and man.
I beliei'e that o church that does
not have the welfare of the com
mon people at heart is unworthy.
1 believe in the eternal separa
tion of Church and State.
I hold no allegiance to any for
eign government, emperor, king,
pope or any other foreign, politi
cal or religious pover.
/ hold my allegiance to the Stars
and Stripes next to my allegiance
to God alone.
I believe in just laws and liberty.
I belii’ve in the upholding of the
Constitution of these United States.
1 believe that our Free Public
School is the comer stone of good
government and that those who are
seeking to destroy it are enemies
of our Re/mblic and are unworthy
of citizenship.
I believe in freedom of speech.
I believe in a free press uncon
trolled by political parties or by
religious sects.
I believe in law and order.
I believe in the protection of our
pure womanhood.
/ do not believe in mob violence,
but I do believe that laws should
be enacted to prevent the causes
of mob violence.
I believe in a closer relationship
of capital and labor.
I believe in the prevention of
unwarranted strikes by foreign la
bor agitators.
I believe in the limitation of for
eign immigration.
I am a native-born American cit
izen and I believe my rights in this
country are superior to those of
foreigners.
STAR JUNCTION. PA.—Rev. J. A.
Forgie, pastor of the Methodist Epis
copal church, conducted special serv
ices for the Women of the Ku Klux
Klan here last Sunday. The meeting,
which was largely attended, was the
opening step in a campaign which the
members will inaugurate for the bet
terment of the public schools in this
territory.
THE FIERY CROSS
SEEKS COMPROMISE
ON JAP EXCLUSION
President Wants to Bar
but Not Peeve Them;
Works on Plan.
Washington. The first Intimation
of President Coolldge’s attitude on the
Japanese Immigration question devel
oped when It was announced officially
at the White House that the Presi
dent is at work on a compromise plan
which would be acceptable alike to
the excluslonlsts and the Japanese.
Plan Faces Obstacles.
The President bus held several con
ferences the last few duys with Sec
retary Hughes and Senator Colt, both
of whom are antagonistic to the John
son Immigration bill Insofar as It ab
rogates the existing “gentlemen’s
agreement" with the Japanese govern
ment.
It Is plain that the way of the Pres
ident In Ironing out the difficulty will
be beset with obstacles on all sides.
The plan of the President is to so
adjust the matter that the imperial
government will not consider itself
affronted. This will be difficult, be
cause of the overwhelming vote In
both houses of congress for the John
son bill ax It now stands.
May Veto Bill.
Progress In effecting a compromise
will be accomplished slowly, if at all.
It Is believed that President 000 -
Idge will endeavor to obtain reconsid
eration of the exclusion clause, if
that move falls. It Is possible that he
may veto the'bill.
The Japanese are pulling every pos
sible wire in the United States to pre
vent passage of the exclusion measure.
Their object, at whatever sacrifice, Is
to avoid what they term the humilia
tion of being barred from the United
States by statute.
One plan Is that the gentlemen's
agreement should be changed so that
Japan will not grant passports to the
United States except to those who
wish to travel and study.
Baddhiet Pray for U. S.
Envoy in Tokyo Embaeey
Tokyo.—Buddhist prayers for the
welfare of Cyrus E. Woods, Ameri
can ambassador to Japan, and for suc
ceaa for his efforts to maintain friend
ship between the two nations were of
fered up In the American embassy by
Senjlro Honda, one of the leaders of
the Nlchlren sect of Buddhism. Clad
In gorgeous priestly robes, Honda was
the most picturesque of a score of
prominent Japanese who called on Mr.
Woods to discuss the United States
exclusion legislation.
Mexican Land Ownere
Slain by Agrariant
Mexico City.—Bands of armed agra
rians are terrorizing the Chicontepec
district of the state of Vera Cruz.
Twenty-five land owners have been as
sassinated by agrarians, who charge
all the land owners In the region with
complicity In the recent rebellion, ac
cording to a commission of Chicontepec
residents arriving In Mexico City to
demand protecting.
Illinois Bandita Take
$63,000 From Bank Clerk
Granite City, IU. —Bandits held up
and robbed T. D. Gradinaroff, assistant
cashier of the Granite City National
bank, of $63,000 In currency which he
had Just received at the poetoffice from
the St. Louis Federal Reserve bank.
Several shots were fired by Gradinaroff
and the bandits, but no one was
wounded.
United States Revenue
Increaae la $226709,192
Washington.—lnternal revenue re
ceipts for the nine months from July
1, 1028, to March 31, 1024, showed an
Increase of $226,700,102.80 over collec
tions for the corresponding period of
1022-23, the Treasury department an
nounced. The totals of receipts were,
respectively, $2,146,803,265.65 and sl,-
920.094,072.76.
American Banka Reopen
Channel to German Gold
New York. —Completion of the first
step by which American financial re
sources will be made available for
German rehabilitation was revealed In
the announcement that a group of rep
resentative American banking Interests
had placed at the disposal of Dr. HJal
mar Schacht's gold rediscount bank a
credit of $5,000,000, an amount which
may be Increased later as required.
Widow Geta 1 Ct , Damage
From Moonshine Seller
Milwaukee, Wls.—The first case In
Milwaukee against a saloon-keeper' for
damages as a result of a death caused
by moonshine liquor brought t verdict
of one cent damages for a widow, Mrs.
Katherine Baumdlcker, who sued John
Nett for $20,000 because of liquor al
leged to have been sold to her hus
band.
England and Belgium
Accept the Dawea Plan
Paris.—England, Belgium and France
notified the Interallied reparations com
mission they accepted the Dewes plan
as a basis for discussion and settle
meat of the reparations problem.
Italy’s acceptance la expected.
SENATE ADOPTS
INSURANCE PLAN
Pastes Bonus Bill With Cash
Option Out; ‘Gold Brick/
Say Democrats.
Washington.—Following the defeat
of the Copeland cash option amend
ment by a rote of 47 to 38, the senate
passed the soldier bonus bill based on
the endowment Insurance certltlcate
plan. On the final roll call the vote
was 67 to 17.
Resembles House Bill.
The bill as passed by the senate
closely resembles the house bill. There
will be cn early agreement In confer
ence and the measure will soon go to
President Coolldge for acceptance or
rejection. Opinion Is divided whether
the President will sign the bill or veto
It. Should he veto It, the bonus lead
ers decl.-.rc there are votes in sight
at both ends of the capltol to enact
the measure over the veto.
Final disposition of the bill In the
senate was effected after a storm of
speechmaking In which Democratic
senators denounced the insurance
measure as a subterfuge and declared
their purpose, once this bill Is enacted,
to seek to bring about passage of a
cash bonus proposition.
Assails Bill as “Gold Brick.”
They renewed their charges that
part of the Republican senators had
agreed not to vote to override the veto
of n cash option bill and thus had
created a situation which nade 11 Im
possible to support the cash option
amendment without endangering bonus
legislation.
Senator Simmons, ran'cing I emocrat
on the finance commltt<e, ->3salled the
bill as “a gold brick.” He predicted
there would be an awakening among
the veterans when they realized that
under the bill the veteran *vho needs
money -111 be unable for three years
to obtain It through a loan on bis In*
surance certificate.
Sovietism Backs Senate
Foes, Says Daugherty
Columbus, O.—Harry M. Daugherty
told an audience of friends and neigh
bors here that he had given up his
cabinet post rather than “contribute
to a treasonable cause.” Files of the
Department of Justice, he said, con
tained “abundant proof of the plans,
purposes and hellish designs of the
communist International.’’ "Bear In
mind,” he added, “that the files which
I refused to deliver to the Wheeler
investigating committee at the time
ray resignation was requested were
demanded by Brook hart and Wheeler,
two United States senators who spent
last summer In Russia with their soviet
friends.”
Quebec Clear a $12,000,000
on Booze in Three Years
Montreal, Que.—ln the three years
of operation of the Quebec liquor law
ending April 80, alcoholic liquors. In
cluding wines, but not beer, estimated
at $66,000,000, have been sold In the
province under the government con
trol system. Profits reaching $12,000,-
000 will have been realised by the Que
bec liquor commission, Judging by the
1928-’24 surplus expected to be an
nounced by the commission later.
There has been a big decrease In
the sale of percentage liquor such as
Scotch brandies, gins and ryes.
DU BOIS, PA.—Klansmen last week
buried Clarence Dunlap, more than
200 cars participating in the funeral
procession. Members of the order
from Sykesville, Du Bols, Big Run,
and Reynoldviile were present. Mem
bers of the Du Bois Klan recently
Presented the pastor of the First M.
L church, Rev. McGaw, a puna of
money.
Our Pet Peeve
ifFLASHEsI
;l> OFFTHE WIRE |?
E. L. Norris, former governor of
Montana, died at Great Falls.
Charles F. Murphy, sixty-six, lead
er of Tammany Hall, died at his resi
dence in New York.
Bertram Q. Goodhue, designer of the
Nebraska state capltol, built In 1920,
died suddenly at New York.
J. Sloat Fasset of Elmira, N. Y.,
widely known politician, died suddenly
at Vancouver, B. C.
Six Finns were condemned by a so
viet war tribunal at Leningrad to death
by shooting for alleged espionage.
G. Stanley Hull, president emeritus
of Clark university, died at his home
at Worcester, Mass., after a prolonged
illness.
The liner President Harrison of the
Robert Dollar Steamship company
ended a world circumnavigation cruise
at San Francisco, Cal., after 110 days.
Governor General Wood at Manila
has ordered supplies sent to the na
tives of San Dionlslo, who have been
left homeless by a volcanic eruption.
Churchill H. Cutting, eighty-two,
president emeritus of the American
Bible society and Its active head until
recently, died at his home In New
York from heart trouble.
Pat Marr, an oil promoter, convicted
at Texarkana, Tex., of using the malls
to defraud, was sentenced to five
years In Leavenworth prison and fined
SI,OOO.
— » —
A Washington dispatch says the
government will maintain 28 citizens’
military training camps this summer.
These will accommodate about 80,000
men. -
Chauncey M. Depew, veteran rail
road chieftain, after-dinner speaker
and former United States senator, cele
brated his ninetieth anniversary in
his office at New York.
The state filed a petition at St. Jo
seph, Mich., asking that all of the
assets of the House of David, amount
ing to about $60,000, be turned over
to a receiver.
May day will be celebrated at Mos
cow this year not by the usual mili
tant demonstrations, but by peaceful
manifestations, according to plans ar
ranged by the soviet
♦
Three persons were killed and two
others seriously Injured when a Nor
folk A Western freight train ran away
on the North Fork branch of the read
near Bluefleld, W. Va.
All of the Americans aboard the
Zurich and Milan express trains, which
collided near Belllnzona, escaped In
jury, an official check revealed. The
wreck resulted In 20 deaths.
Henry Ford Issued an order de
manding that his employees at Iron
Mountain, Mich., must dispose of
their cars, unless they are Fords,
within three days.
♦
A Moscow dispatch says a plague An
Russian Turkestan Is spreading with
alarming rapidity. More than 100 new
cases have been reported In the Shou
mashtnsky district.
The interstate commerce commis
sion at Washington suspended pro
posed new rates on lumber and other
forest products from Baltimore, Jer
sey City, Philadelphia and New York
to Interior points. The new rates will
not go Into effect until August 23.
Patronise Fiery Cross Advertisers
Friday, May 2,1924
COOLIDGE FOR NEW
ARMS LIMITATIONS
New York. —The promise of efTorta
to bring about another world confer
ence to attempt further limitation of
armaments was given by President
Coolldge In ftn address at the annual
luncheon of the Associated Press at
the Waldorf-Astoria.
Such efTorts, the President declared,
must be predicated on the firm estab
lishment of a definite settlement of
German reparations. With this ef
fected, America would well be In a
position to take the lead In promoting
an international conference.
The President expressed the belief
that the proposed conference might
well be based on the theory of the
Washington conference of a few years
ago, which, he called to mind, had to
leave unsolved the question of sub
marine, aircraft and land forces.
The conference, he asserted, might
well take up the codification of Inter
national law with an attempt to estab
lish rules of warfare and to determine
the rights of neutrals.
While emphasizing that Europe
must first set her economic house in
order, Mr. Coolldge declared there ap
peared to be every reason to hope that
the report of the reparations com
mission’s committee of experts “offers
a basis for a practical solution of the
reparations problem.”
He proposed that private American
capital participate In the loan to Ger
many contemplated In the committee’s
report. Such participation, he sug
gested, would benefit American trade
and commerce and provide a market
for American agricultural production.
Thau) Pena Maze of Worda
About Trial to Judge
Philadelphia, Pa. —In a rambling
signed statement Harry Thaw voiced
objection to his return to the state
asylum under guard, although the trial
jury had pronounced him of sound
mind. The statement reads:
“Here Is a small detail that yester
day If Dr. ‘Rabbit’ Fuller won be
should have allowed me to return with
my attendant, Mr. Connolly, as I am
certain either Drs. Awen Copp or
Bond. But he paraded with two other
attendants, and that was the limit,
consequently I am sending the In
closed letter to my lawyers, and In
doing so I am sending this to yon,
for you can show that that rabbit
lie was simple malace as you can see.”
3 German Boya Die, Many
Hurt in Miniature War
Berlin.—While Berlin was enjoying
Easter organizations of German Na
tionalist and Communist youths en
gaged In a bitter battle for the pos
session of a camp site on a hillside
near Berlin, In which three were
killed and dozens wounded. The fight
ers were aged sixteen to eighteen. The
youths fought for two hours with
knives, flagpoles, clubs and stones.
Forest guards finally stopped the
battle.
90,000 Flee From Famine
in Ukraine and Crimea
Copenhagen.—A dispatch via Hel
singfors declares 90,000 Inhabitants of
the Ukraine, Crimea, and the north
Caucasus are fleeing from a famine
northward along the railways to better
districts. The soviets cannot do any
thing to meet the famine. They have
sent soldiers against the refugees, who
recently stopped and robbed a" mall
train at Batajsk.
Jury Pronouncea Harry
Thaw Sane; Goea Free
Pblldalephla.—Harry K. Thaw was
declared sane and fully capable of
caring for his 16,000,000 estate. The
lury had deliberated seven hours.
Since he killed Stanford White In New
York In 1906 Thaw has been declared
insane 7 times and sane 3 times.
Patronise Fiery Cross Advertisers