PAGE FOUR
THE MINNESOTA FIERY CROSS
The MINNESOTA FIERY CROSS I* published every Friday by the Empire
Publishing Company. St. Paul. Minnesota, and will maintain a policy of staunch.
Protestant Americanism without fear or favor.
Edited, not to make up people's minds, but to shake up people’s minds; to
help mold active public opinion which will make America a proper place to live in.
News of truth kills more false news and shrivels up more "bunk" than all
the earnest arguments in the world. Truth helps to clarify opinions on serious
questions by serious people.
The MINNESOTA FIERY CROSS will strive to give the American viewpoint
on published articles and separate the dross from the pure gold in tho current
news of the day.
The Empire Publishing Co.. Inc., Publishers
Second-class mailing rates applied for.
Advertising Rales Will Re Furnished l pun Request
Subscription Hate, by Mail. ItWl Per %>ar
Send All News Items and Address all Inquiries to 614 Pioneer Building, St. Paul.
Minnesota
KLAX’S PROGRAM FOR 192*
1. Militant, old-fiishloned Christianity and operative patriotism.
2. Back to the Constitution.
8. Enforcement of the Eighteenth Amendment so long as it is a part of
the Constitution.
4. Enforcement of present immigration laws and enactment of more strin
gent laws on immigration.
THE GAME OF CENTURIES
In the daily papers of last Thursday there was carried the news that
the schools of the District of Columbia would suffer as appropriations
had been slashed. School officials, it was stated, feel discouraged when they
learned that two very important items—the text book fund and the building
fund —had been cut by the committee.
The condition in the District of Columbia is no different from practically
all other states. In Ohio it was necessary to close public schools at certain
places, several weeks age. Throughout Indiana the schools are crowded and
wholly inadequate to take care of the school children. Other states report
the same existing conditions. In a nation where the public schools have been
the backbone of progress and which have done so much to bring America to a
point much nearer Democracy than any other country has ever reached, this
condition seems impossible.
Is America to believe that the innumerable reports of the same existing
conditions are merely coincidences? In the face of the fact that an indefatiga
ble system is known to be opposing the public schools, is it possible that this
same system has a hand In “cutting appropriations" and blocking bond issues
from which these situations arise?
Ai this time Detroit has approximately 12.000 school children over and
above the capacity of the schools. Detroit is but one city of scores that face
this same condition. In Indianapolis a Catholic member of the school board
has consistently fought new buildings and has succeeded in blocking a build
ing program. The school boards of the United States are among the most
Important executive bodies in our system of government. Unfortunately little
thought is given these boards by the voters unless some incident brings the
spotlight to bear npon the persons seeking membership upon them. And yet
It is in their hands to do with the schools as they wish —make them efficient
or make them Inefficient. The county trustees, or in states where, while
relatively the same, they may bear other titles, have the welfare of the school
In their bands; and yet the voters fail to realize the importance of putting
men of worth and men known to favor public schools, into these offices.
Americans should watch their schools. Our wisdom can be no more than
the wisdom of those within its borders. The children of today are the mayors,
the governors, the statesmen and the presidents of future years, the destiny
and future of onr country lies In the hands of the school children of today
and in posterity. Our prosperity and our democracy and our hope of the
future must lie in the hands of these children, and if these children are not
properly educated —there can be but one answer.
It is quite true that should this condition which now exists in the public
schools of America should continue, and even grow worse, that there would
remain a certain amount of persons, each year growing leas. But what
happens when the education of a country is not general? We have plenty of
illustrations in Europe today. ’TIs a well known fact that a group of men
do the thinking for the entire population. Due to lack of education, these
populations do not know this Isn’t right. In fact, they never "think" —that is
why there conditions are deplorable.
The game being played today by the forces that would disrupt our educa
tional system Is not a game of a month, a year or even a score of years. It
Is a game of centuries, if it may be put that way. The system has been
operating for centuries; it expects to operate for centuries to come. Educa
tion, the printing press and "thinking” by the populace are its worst enemies.
Naturally It will try every method to first restrict education and In the end to
kill It entirely-except for those whom they wish to have It.
Remember that you wish the principles for which you stand to live after
you; that you wish your children and their children to have the same free
dom of thought which you now have. Play the game with this system; get
their angle and realize that other players will take your place and that you
want to leave the game with as many points in favor of your side that you
can possibly turn over to the other players when you pass from this earthly
existence.
Remember that other side Isn’t looking into the future only for the next
few years. Look as far as they do. Watch your vote when voting for “little
offices,” such as those which control our schools. Vote for men and women
whom you know to be favorable to our system of general and free education.
Watch the men who "slash appropriations” affecting the efficiency of our
schools; keep track of those persons who block bond Issues for schools—
always on some other pretext.
When George Washington led the troops who were fighting for Inde
pendence, he said, “Let none but Americans be placed on guard.” Remember
his warning when you go to the polls to vote for ‘little offices.” George
Washington was fighting for Independence; an Independence which we can
keep only through the dissemination of knowledge through our public schools.
Without the dissemination of knowledge to a nation as a whole—and not to
a group of Individuals—can we hope to retain our Independence In this
sense, it Is not meant your own personal Independence, hut the independence
ot the millions to follow.
Always remember that it Is a game which will still be played long after
you have left this mundane sphere. It will end some day, of course, and the
system which always has, is now and always will be against free public
education will win or lose. Quite naturally, we believe that system will lose—
but It will not lose if the people of the United States fail to "Let none but
Americans be placed on guard.”
CO-OPERATION WINS
It la moat gratifying to not« the many reports from all parts of the
country that tell of the Bible being placed in the public schools and of
a more thorough understanding of real patriotism by the school children.
The growing movement ef placing Bibles in the schools means much to
America even though the Knights of the Ku Kluz Klan has been criticised
by its enemies for activities in this conneotlon.
The Klan is creating a new patriotism in America; this has brought
alien wrath down upon it but naught can prevail against this organization
founded upon Christianity and love of home and country. The continued
Increase of Bibles in public schools hnt emphasized the moral effect of the
Klan.
Peculiar as it may seem, those persons who attempt to brand the public
schools as "Godless." are the chief enemy in the light to keep the Holy Writ
•ut of the schools. Little by little, however, the friends of the Bible in the
public schools have gained ground until, at the present time, thousands of
Bibles are going into the schools each week. With 1124 only one-fourth gone,
front strides have been made since January flrst.
Americans can win! Events of the past few weeks have demonstrated
that In the peat co-ordination was lacking. With the advent of the Klan,
this has been put Into operation.
With corporation now a reality, only determination to save American
trlgoipies. traditions and Ideals Is needed. These three things the Amortoan
people will no doubt furnish
Sparks from the Fiery Cross
By John Eight Point
"The noblest motive is the public good.**—Virgil
Sooner or later anti Klan pride is
sure to step on pio-Klan dynamite.
Uncover when the nag goee by—it ie
the blood-etained ark of every holy
American covenant.
Are you out of the Klan? It’s not
ease you are buying—it is patriotism
you’re trading for l,tss.
The clarion note,
As from trumpet blown,
Is the call of the Klan—
No uncertain tone.
It speaks the thought,
As when Jesus fed.
The hungering hosts
With heavenly bread.
The Japs think it very cruel
that we are barring Japanese la
borers from coming to America,
and yet she is shutting Chinese
laborers out of Japan—and China
is right at Nippon’s door. Keep
your eye on the Jap, Klansman.
because he is likely to show his
old Mongolian-Sibiric race stock.
There is no more eloquent thing in
the world than a Klannish life.
The people who walk In the dark
are those who fear the sparks from
the Aery cross.
The Klan's work can never be too
weak for your strongest powers.
*
The achievements of white civil
ization attest the supremacy of
the white man's mind; but they
do not attest that those achieve
ments have been made without
the co operation of all races and
types working as a unit in the
body of human life. The colored
man haa ceme to know that the
Ku Klux Klan is his friend and
that the righteousness of law reg
ulates both white and negro in
all their relations toward civiliza
tion. It ia not the Klan that ex
alts fundamental difference in
type.
The Klan attitude has been de
scribed as "uncritically patriotic.” We
think it better to be “uncritically pa
triotic” than critically unpatriotic.
*
Make Him Understand
Klansman, tell your friend the un
adulterated truth always—you are not
a true Klansman if you do not. You
know that there is nothing in our
ritual that should subject it or us to
unkind, impertinent criticism. You
know that all of our official docu
ments indicate in clear, unequivocal
language that the Klan in a purely
fraternal and patriotic organization
pledged to good government, dlatinc
tlve American institutions, and the
"constitutional rights of free speech,
free public schools, free press, and
the separation of church and state.”
Tell your friend that—tell him so he
will understand it.
Advice
Qo breathe yeur prayer;
So sing your song;
Go help your friend
Bear truth along;
Go spend your life
In Klannish deeds —
You have no time
To fight o’er creeds.
Build your best life
Upon the Klan,
'Twill tell the world
You are a man.
The Ideal Citizenship
Schools, reform schools, jails and
penitentiaries—is there any progres
sive relationship? What do you think,
Klansman? Schools are built to IN
form, reformatories toßEform and pen
itentiaries to UNlfora. If schools did
more FORMlng instead of so much
INFORMing, it is conceivable that
there would be less need for RE
FORMing and no need for UNIFORM
ing. Schools of the type our early
educators dreamed could empty jails;
colleges like the Fathers planned and
vlaioned coaid close penitentiaries
Klan planned schools and oolleges, liv
ing up to tho prophetic ideal, would
build the Ideal oitlaeashlp and conse
quently n nobler civilization.
Remember, Klansmnn, "the fox hns
many trlofce, the hedgehog only one"
—beware of both I
*
It was Ibsen who said that one
should never put on one's beet trous
ers to go out to fight for freedom.
Certainly not. One should wear bat*
tleplate and sixteen Inch guns, not
forgetting the sword of the spirit and
a little of the staunch, old style pa
triotism.
The Klaasman does what he ought
to do, and seeks no praise because it
is his duty.
Sheeting
They've shot the Klan with guns and
bricks;
They've shot the Klan with stones and
sticks;
They've shot the Klan with twisted
rules;
They've shot the Kina with Rome
taught schools:
THE FIERY CROSS
But the ammunition that’s hurt the
worst,
In all the hate campaigns accurst.
Has been the festered falsehoods —
lies
They shot across the Klan'a clean
skies.
They shot that bolt of mean refuse
When they said: “You know the Klan
hates Jews.
And it's simply awful the way the
Klan
Is down on the harmless colored
man.”
And again that clumsy lie of old,
“The Klan is out to get the gold.”
And this double lie that almost
smokes:
“The Klan is scaring and whipping
folks.”
Go up the world, go down its lanea,
You’ll find in Its sewer pipes and
drains,
The poison gas some love to spray
On the Klan you read about each day.
Go up the world, go in and out
Where people pass such stuff about
And you'll note the war these rebels
press
On the Klan that strives for righteous
ness.
But it matters not what foemen shoot.
The Klan'B entrenched from head to
foot;
Its robe and visor protect it well
Against the fumes of Romish hell.
And those who dwell in Wisdom’s
Booth
Can quickly learn the naked truth —
No matter how they shoot the Klan,
It Is Simon Pure American!
If the Klan should not be thorough
and genuine not alone would the or
ganization suffer, but the country as
well—even the enemies of the Klan,
as units in the commonwealth. We
do not “live unto ourselves” —there is
a kind of amalgamation in nature that
forbids separative tendencies.
They used to call the Ku Klux
Klan the “salesmen of hate,” but
it would be difficult to find bow
or where this phrase could apply.
Ask the struggling pastors of hun
dreds of little churches who have
received aid —ask the thousands
of helpless families, white and
black, that have been the recipi
ents of Klan charity and helpful
ness. “Salesmen of hate,” indeed.
Theories And Opinions
Cramming Romish theories and pre
digested, pro-European opinions down
the gullible throat of American youth
is not education. Schools and school
children do not exist primarily for the
exploitation of biased textbooks got
ten out by warped authors and sub
sidized publishers. Besides, things
change so quickly nowadays that by
the time teachers and pupils have
examined the title pago and learned
the name of the author of any one
book, there is a new text out explod
ing all the conclusions reached by the
former author and setting forth an
entirely new doctrine. Children learn
all about gravitation, only to have
Einstein come along and tell them
it was all a lie. As Klansmen, we
believe in the teaching of facts with
out bias or prejudice. Back of this
we desire that children shall be
trained to think things out for them
selves. As teachers, we shall not re
quire children to memorize perverted
facts but shall show them how to
study true principles and formulate
their own opinions.
Somewhere in the Klan a place is
waiting for you—you with your own
talents, your own ambitions for pa
triotic service, and your ewn high
possibilities. The place will wait for
you because the Klan is strong and
cannot fall—lt will wait for you, but
you should prepare yourself for it,
seek it, step into It.
"Nullification’'
Modify the Volstead law? Well,
why not modify the law that makes
it a crime to go out and bun your
neighbor’s property? We might
change the law enough to permit
"light arson and near murder," you
knew, so that a fellow could burn just
the upper story off a man's house and
knook him senseless if ho wanted to,
without being amenable. It's easy
enough to see where that would take
us. Those follows that harp so much
on “m education" really want nullifi-
cation. It took a Civil War to settle
that theory but it was settled for all
time so far as the United States of
America Is concerned. Though the
old rule still holds, no doubt, that
A "wot" convinced against his win,
Is of the same opinion still.
To posses Klan spirit In its rich
ness of sacred adventure, we must do
mere than merely accept It—we must
appropriate It Wo must lot the new
ness of Han Ills and agMbnal tntau
tlon become a substantial part of our
daily oulstenoo. To enjoy the Ban,
we moot absorb lb—wo moot peeeeoa
it utterly.
MRS. ADDIE BOUCHER
A new departure in Indian welfare
work hus been undertaken by the state
of Nebraska. Mrs. Addle Boucher, a
full-blooded Sioux woman, who also
is a graduate nurse, has been assigned
to work among the Indian women on
all of the reservations in the state.
She is to operate under the provisions
of the Sheppard-Towner Maternity
act. Her work will be to consult with
Indian women and advise them on ali
problems relating to maternity, care of
mothers before birth, and the care of
children after.
ANOTHER REVOLUTION
IN CUBA, IS REPORT
Havana.—Open revolt broke out in
Santa Clara province. Some twenty
five soldiers in the city of Santa Clara
deserted with their arms, two machine
guns and their horses and attacked
the city hall and seized the safe In the
nearby town of San Juan de Los
Yeras. In a clash there between the
revolting soldiers and loyalist forces
a woman and a girl were injured.
The government immediately sent
soldiers In pursuit of the rebels and
ordered the arrest of leaders of the
Veterans and Patriots’ association,
which has been threatening a revolu
tion since it was organized last Au
gust.
Dispatches received here stated that
armed civilians were Joining the re
volting soldiers who took to the open
country after the clash at San Juan
de Los Yeras. The wires leading to
the town of ftanto Domingo, province
of Oriente, were cut.
Cries of “down with President
Zayas’’ and “down with re-election’’
were heard as the soldiers fled from
Santa Clara Just before daybreak. It
Is asserted that while the revolt seem
ingly was designed as a protest against
the movement to re-elect President
Zayas next fall, it did not appear to
be In the Interest of any particular
candidate.
Widow Sues for $302,000
When Her Wedding Fails
Log Angeles, Cul. —Heart balm of
$302,000 la sought by Mrs. Clara Bell
Leeslg, flfty-oix, In suits on file In the
Superior court here against Amos
Beasley Spencer, wealthy seventy-flve
year-old widower of Oskaloosa, la.
Twenty-four wedding guests had as
sembled at her home last Friday, the
day she and Spencer were to have
been married, the complaint recites,
when auddenly a deputy sheriff ap
peared and carried the groom away
to the psychopathic ward of the coun
ty hospital.
S9OOOO Film Extortion
for the Olympic Garnet
Paris. —Representatives of the three
biggest American news film agencies
were given an ultimatum by the
French concession commissioners of
the Olympic games that they must
pay 1 .MO.OOO francs, or some $90,000,
for the privilege of taking pictures of
the games. The concession commis
sioners themselves paid $20,000 for the
world rights.
Tired of Life at 103,
“Oldeet Man” KiUt Sell
Manitowoc, Wia. —John Levandow
ski, said to be one hundred and three
years old, the county’s oldest resident,
committed suicide at a hospital here.
A year ago when he celebrated his
one hundred and second birthday, Mr.
Levandowsk! walked to church services
and participated In the reunion at hla
home. He was a native of Poland
and had lived here for seventy years.
Jape Hatching Far Emet
War, It Trotzky Warning
Moscow. —Leon Trotsky, addressing
the Moscow soviet here, sounded a
warning that a Russo-Japanese war
Is being hatched by militaristic Jap
anese circles planning to recoup in
the Far Bast the losses suffered
through the American ban on Jap
ansae Immigration.
Savon Deetroyart Added
to the U. S. Ram Float
hem transferred at HkUadeiphla from
tbs Mary to tbs Treasury department
ts segment tbs eonst guard rum Asst,
tbs Mary department aiHtuunood. Tbs
dntfrsrmn ware the Jemstt, Patterson.
Benia, Oaatn, Downes, Paulding and
Who Will Be Tile JJaiK ILuisvt —iuat luau Party—The
Japanese Noise —From Investigation To Busi
ness—The 1,000,000 Child Laborers
t bureau of Publication and Educa
tion).
if the right man oob* up at the psy
chological moment in me coming na
tional Democratic convention in New
101 a City in June «ud manes a whirl
»uiu speech like william Jennings
iiryan did at Chicago *5 years ago he
stands a good Chance of sweeping the
delegates off their teet and lauding
the presidential nomination of that
party, so Washington leaders protess
to believe nowadays.
The country may see that very
thing done this year as the Democrats
are still navigating a sea of uncer
tainty as between the present candi
dates for the place. Messrs. McAdoo,
Underwood and Governor Smith, the
leading candidates, don’t seem to be
making much headway nowadays;
they have gone a pretty good pace, it
is true, but not fast enough to put
them over under the two-thirds rule.
Next in line comes Senator Ralston
and John W. Davis, but neither of
these can get over the top unless they
go faster in the next thirty days than
they have been going.
David F. Houston, former cabinet
oflicer, breaks into the limelight ever
so often; so does Senator Glass, of Vir
ginia, also a former cabinet officer,
and there is a little talk about Sena
tor Copeland, of New York, but it be
gins to look as though the Democratic
party might be obliged to turn to
some man not now in the running.
It is believed that he must be a dis
tinct Progressive from the west or
middle west to offset the old-guard,
conserv itive Coolidge, of New Eng
land, v ho is almost sure to be nomi
nated by the Republicans at Cleve
land two weeks before the Democrats
meet.
The proposed third party forces are
not idle. Already two such conven
tions have been called, one to meet in
St. Paul, June 17 and the other at
Cleveland on July 4. The country can
almost bank on radical platforms and
radical tickets if the third party de
velops sufficient strength to adopt a
platform and nominate a ticket. Their
hope is to obtain enough votes to be
able to throw the result of the elec
tiou into the House and settle the
matter there.
The Japanese have made a noise,
they yelled like good fellows over the
passage of the immigration bill con
taining the Japanese exclusion para
graph but It Isn't going to undo the
splendid work of our American Con
gress. which came mighty near being
I'M) per cent. Americans on that piece
of legislation.
Neither is Japan going to make war
on u: for protecting our own people
from the orientals who seek to flock
in here by the tens of thousands. The
Japanese situation is far less tense
than it was a week ago and there is
not going to be any international
trouble over this matter. Talk to the
contrary is all bosh. We do not insult
the people of Japan when we call at
tention to the fact that her people do
not fit in well with the people of the
United States. They are two distinct
races and ought not to mix closely
when it comes to residence and living
conditions.
Of course Japan feels a little hurt
over this exclusion business and it ig
a well known fact that the oriental
has a loug memory. Japan may re
taliate to some extent but Americans
can stand It.
Sameness Of Mind
There are those who profess to be
lieve that President Coolidge will veto
the Immigration bill on account of the
Japaneae exclusion paragraph but on
the other hand the man In the White
House cannot afford to overlook the
big majorities by which the bill passed
Underpaid School Teachers
William Mather Lewis, president
of George Washington University, says
that “the safety of the nation depends
on the recognition of the need ef pa
triotic education in the schools of the
country.”
White aeboel teachers in South
Carolina receive an average daily
wags ef S2.TS, according to a recent
study made by a university class in
school administration. Compared to
the teachers’ wages, statistics pre
sented shew that South Carolina
plumbers receive an average dally
wage of $11.25, gteamdtters $11.26,
stonecutters SS, bricklayers $7.20,
sheet metal workers $6.40 to SB, and
carpenters $4 to $6.
While South Carolina’s statistics
may not be the average for the entire
country, they are indicative ef a fact
which In well recognised, that the
teaching profession In badly under
paid.
“But," nay* the economist, "the law
ef supply and demand takes care ef
the situation; teachers are willing to
accept little, therefore little la paid.”
Bat the eoenemiot (ergots that teach
er* are willing to aeeept little because
the cemntry In satiated with teach are
willing te aeeept UtUel We are will
ing te have enr children taught by
daatroyera have
Under Tiie Dome
THIRD PARTY FORCES
Friday, May 9,1924
each branch of cougress and u cannot
nelp out make air »...ytessmu ou * leat
hern eooiiUge. auu uien again ue ia
t.aeiy to consider now lire two douses
of congress were aunost ot ihe same
mind ou the exclusion business ana it
is thought he will hardly Uare veio
the bill on llrai account.
Of course, ihe altitude of Secretary
Hughes is thrown in the balance on
the side of Japan hut it is uot be
lieved that even this fact will sway
the President and keep hint from sign
ing the bill. Secretary Hughes pre
dicts that the entire work of me
Washington conference will be undone
hut he practically stands alone on
that proposition.
The fact is that Japan will probably
grin and bear it and the people of ths
Pacific Coast states will have their
way after a long and hard fight
against the Japanese menace to their
country. We may have some trouble
in the far East as a result but noth
ing serious is really expected. It wag
thought the President would have
something to say on the subject in hi*
New York speech to the Associated
Press this week but he remained
silent on the matter.
Don't be an alarmist for America
is not doomed. George Washington
had his trials and tribulations and he
surmounted them all. So did Abra
ham Lincoln, so have all our Presi
dents survived and come out on top
of all their knotty problems.
This country may be smeared up a
little with oil right now but it is bet
ter to lose au oil reserve or two than
to lose faith in our government. Up
to date we have not lost even one oil
reserve and be assured that the gov
ernment at Washington still lives and
is going on and on. There are too
many good Americans in this country
to let it be otherwise.
Criminal proceedings are under way
against former Secretary Fail and Do
heney and Sinclair and those in au
thority promise that no guilty man
•hall escape. That is as it should bo,
only there might well be a little moro
speed with the legal end of the prose
cution.
Congress is gradually getting away
from the endless investigations and
seems to be settling down to its many
legislative tasks for the good of tho
country and its people. Business is
getting back to normal in Washing
ton and it looks now like Congress is
going to rush business from now on
in an effort to get through befori
June 10, the date of the Republican
national convention at Cleveland.
There is now a desire to step on the
gas and go some.
PUT HOUSE IN ORDER
President Coolidge seems to have
made a hit In his New York speech In
serving notice on Europe to put its
own house in order and then talk to
Uncle Sam about a program of help
fulness. Mr. Coolidge wants to make
sure in his own mind that Europe Is
even willing to promise to be good
before she comes at us for more
favors.
THINK ABOUT THIB
Here is something for Klansmen to
think seriously about. Do we want to
work our children er educate them?
There are today 1,000,000 children em
ployed In working eetablishments In
this country and one-third of them
are under 14 years of age. There are
11 states in this union that allow chil
dren under 16 years of age to work or
be worked without violating any law.
If this continues what can we expeot
of future generations? All child labor
laws so far enacted have been de
clared unconstitutional by the Su
preme Court. We need legislation on
this subject that will stick.
teachers often but little less Ignorant
than their scholars.
With a full recognition of the won
derful band of devoted men and
women who are well trained,
anxious to serve, who teach because
they would rather teach than do any
thing else, it is nevertheless a fact
that, taken as a whole, our schools are
taught by thoee whe have not pre
pared for that vocation, whe are not,
able to teach well, because they know
little, who are acceptable because
they are cheap, not because they are
able.
Can any ene teach patriotism? It
we are willing te have patriotic ideale
inculcated by men and women who
ceuld not stand an examlaatlon on
American history, hew can we expect
our children to grow up patriots? It
Dr. Aewls it right, and patriotism
taaght in the schools to more import
ant than the nsual echeol subjects, in
it net high time we leaked te our
school budgets, to make sere they are
large enough te bey the eervicee ot
these whe nnderetand and oan teach
that love ef country, withent which
all American edncation in use!one?
The KUa believes in set purpose
and thoroughness along all lines. It
puts men in Jail, but H dost net forget
to see that the tail is well roofed aad
that the bare nereee the windows are
made of iron rather than painted
wood.
4 iW'J'f t h-*A.