PAGE FOUR
THE MINNESOTA FIERY CROSS
The NIXNKSOT.I FIKRY t'BOSS is |>ubli<he<i every Friday by the Kmplre
Publishing Company, St. Paul. Minnesota, and will maintain a pulley of staunch.
Protestant Americanism without fear or favor.
Kdtted. not to make up people's minds, hut to shake up people's ml mis; to
help mold active public opinion which will make America a proper place to live in.
News of truth kills more false news and shrivels up more "bunk" than all
the earnest arguments in the world. Truth helps to clarify opinions on serious
Mueations by serious ;>eople.
The MINSKAOTA FIKHY CROSS will strive to (five the American viewpoint
•a published articles and separate the dross from the pure Bold in the current
aaws of the day.
The Kmplre ruhllshliiß Co., Inc., Publishers
Second-class mailtnK rates applied for.
Advertising Kates Will Be Furnished l imn Keuuest
Subscription Kate, by Mall. $2.00 Per Year
Seud all .News Items and Address all Inquiries to Bov 172. St. Paul. Minnesota
■■■ -<g»- - ~
KLAN’S PROGRAM FOR 1924
L Militant, old-fashioned Christianity ami operative patriotism.
£. Back to the Constitution.
S. Enforcement of the Eighteenth Amendment so lonir as It Is a part of
the Constitution.
L Enforcement of present Immigration lnws and enactment of more
stringent laws on immigration.
Things Spiritual
“We say to any or all religions in the world: if you have anything re
ligious, a God. a devil, a heaven or a hell, it is up to you to produce it or
hereafter to keep silent and give up preaching what you know nothing
about.”
In these words speaks L. K. Washburn, an editorial contributor to The
Truth Seeker, the National Freethought Weekly, organ of agnostics and
atheists in the United States.
It is on such an argument as this, that freethought followers are op
posed to Christianity, the Bible, and Jesus Christ.
Such a line of thought reminds one of the story in history centered
about Galileo, the Medieval scientist and inventor of the telescope.
Training his newly constructed instrument upon the planet Jupiter,
Galileo saw for the first time the moons that travel about the giant world.
He announced his wonderful discovery. Leaders of the church declared
kim a heretic, a crazy man. He was arrested by the Inquisition and threat
ened with torture and death.
“There are no moons around Jupiter.” he was informed in so many words
by the churchmen. “You can not see them with the naked eye and there
fore they do not exist.”
And since the agnostic can not see some physical manifestation of God,
•r heaven, he declares that neither exists.
But what folly. Even the churchmen of old were wiser in their argu
ment than are the atheists of today. For the former were dealing with
the physical manifestations of the physical universe, and were basing their
conclusions thereupon, while the latter calls for the physical manifestation
•f things spiritual.
In man’s inner self, in his moral conduct, in his attitude toward his
aeighbors. in his family relationships, in his attitude toward the All Su
preme Being of the universe, whom we call God, is found the proof of the
•xistence of a God.
Klansmen believe in God. Otherwise they would not be Klansmen.
Klansmen believe in the Bible, or they would have no affiliation with the
Klan. Klansmen are satisfied that a God exists, they are satisfied that a
heaven and a hell exist. Klansmen see the hand of the Great Power in the
destinies of their country and the destinies of their organization. And
Klansmen have Jesus Christ as the master pilot of their fate as individuals
and as Klansmen.
America would never have arisen to the place she holds today, had there
not been a God watching over her destinies. America will not go on and
fulfill he mission to humanity, if God is forgotten. Klansmen mean to so
live that they can have a small part in the carrying out of His will. And
proof of His existence —of a personal God’s omnipresence—is found in the
fulfillment of His will.
Mr. Eddy, Internationalist
Sherwood Eddy, international secretary of the Young Men’s Christian
Association, should not be expected to appreciate anything strictly Ameri
can, or anything nationalistic.
Therefore, his denunciation of the Ku Klux Klan at the Plymouth Con
gregational church in Des Moines last Sunday.
Mr. Eddy decried the influence of “rotten politics,” he points the finger
•f scorn at the United States for being the nation in the world where crime
is most wide-spread. He endeavors to link up the Klan with both these
factors, not realizing that the Klan is fighting both, “tooth and toe-nail,’?
to use an expression of the street.
The Klan is a factor in bringing about a class war in the United States
which will make the Bolshevik revolution of Russia look like a sham battle,
Mr. Eddy stated in effect. In the same breath, almost, he turns around
and asserts:
“I am ten times as safe in the streets of Petrograd, Moscow or Berlin
than I am in Chicago or New York.”
Following that line of logic (?) a social revolution in this country
should at least do away with some of the crime now prevalent and for
which Mr. Eddy blames the Klan, and make our streets “safe” for him.
One statement that Mr. Eddy can not support with facts is this:
*1 blush to tell you that we (the United States) lead the whole world
in race prejudice. There were last year 4.000 legal executions. This figure
was exceeded by the number of lynchings.”
That is not true. The Society for the Advancement of the Colored Peo
ple in its annual report states that there were 61 lynchings in 1922 and
•nly 25 in 1923. Where the well-known internationalist obtained his figures
on lynchings in the United States being in excess of 4,000 is problematical.
And it is a fact, admitted by this same colored organization, that lynchings
have actually decreased where the strength of the Klan has grown.
But how about Poland, Hungary and old Russia? In these nations, of
which Mr. Eddy seems to think more highly than he does of the United
States, pogroms against the Jews have been carried on on a wholesale
scale, before, since and during the war. It is a broad statement to make,
that America leads the world in race hatred. And moreover, not true.
With at least one of Mr. Eddy’s assertions, we are in full sympathy:
“For God’s sake let us not lead the world in hypocrisy. Let us face
our problems squarely and manfully.”
That is what the Ku Klux Klan and its members are doing more than
any other organization or group of men today.
Why Mr. Eddy should complain of the existing conditions in America
and at the same time show his lack of tolerance, condemning an organiza
tion which is endeavoring sincerely, and successfully, to better these con
ditions, is one of the strange phases of an internationalist’s psychological
make-up.
Representative From
Atlanta in Tennessee
MEMPHIS, TENN., Feb. 25.—Very
few states have the advantage of an
Imperial Representative to preside
and function in their state during
its propagation period, but Tennessee
has recently fallen heir to just such
a blessing, which gives us every as
surance that the Klan will be built
ap with the very best men of the
state, and we have the word of the
Imperial Representative that he has
placed the mark at 250,000 members
ay August 1 in this state.
The first and largest drive is to
login in Memphis.
Income Tax Returns Get
Only Limited Publicity
WASHINGTON, D. C., Feb. 25.
Don’t worry about your income
tax returns being seen and read
by every Tom, Dick and Harry
Limited publicity for income tax
returns has been voted in the
house of representatives. Inspec
tion is only allowed by the house
ways and means committee and
the senate finance committee and
any special committee of, either
body.
Sparks from the Fiery Cross
By JOHN EIGHT POINT
“The noblest motive is the public good.”—Virgil
A Klansman should keep an open
mind—but not to the wrong kind
of stuff.
• • «
God hates hypocrisy, both in the
Klan and out of it.
* * *
Wear your lodge atmosphere in
your daily contact with life.
• * •
To live a godly life.
To be a friend of man.
Is one of the requirements
In joining with the Klan.
Of course the Klansman believes
in “still” legislation—there’s the
eighteenth amendment.
* * *
Klansman Joe says: “’Stead o’
complainin’ that it is under a cloud,
the United States Senate oughter be
glad it has one to hide behind.”
• * •
Teapot Dome and Boston Tea
Party—some difference between an
cient precedent and modern proce
dure.
« * *
A Klansman, whose mind runs to
humor, sends us the following:
“A red-hot K bought a radio
And quickly learned to tease her.
He said that brickbats made him love
Mob scenes from ‘Julius Caesar.’
Now, when his toilsome day is o’ef,
His rest, beyond compare,
Is learning how to sing Klan songs
To music in the air.”
* * •
The true Klansman knows that it
is a law of nature that power to do
great things presupposes a willing
ness to do the minor necessary
things
* * *
Klansmen, take the world as you
find it; but don’t take all of it —
leave some for the other fellow.
Some people are of the mental cal
iber that believes that when Klans
men go on a sleighing party their
first question is: "Whom shall we
slay?”
* « *
The thought of Evil's constant jeer
To weak-kneed souls brings quakes
and fear,
But men who join the Klan live right
Because they walk in holy light.
The love that casts out dread and
wrong
Is heard in each true Klansman’s
song
And echoes o’er a land whose ways
Are cleansed by Knights of Olden
Days.
* * *
Klansmen, look out for the man
who says he wants democracy—the
chances are that what he desires
most is a two-hour day and the au
tomobile of his boss.
• • *
Europe’s violent criticism of Amer
ica doesn’t seem to lessen the stream
of immigrants that pours into the
United States every month.
* * *
The athletic Klansman must keep
his ear on the ground and his nose
on the grindstone—both at the same
time.
• • *
Information.
(Dedicated to the extremely curious
citizen.)
Absolute knowledge
I have none,
But my aunt’s washerwoman’s
Uncle’s son.
Heard an Irish cop say
On his beat,
That he knew a fellow
On easy street,
Who had a brother,
Who knew a friend.
Who had heard it said
In the Southeast End,
That a certain person
Knew a man,
Who intended to join
The Ku Klux Klan.
* * *
The one hundred per cent patriot
can check graft in high places by
checking the checks of the grafters.
* * *
It has been asserted by those who
hate the Klan that it is an organi
zation supported by the electricity
of its leaders’ declarations. That's
somewhat shocking, to say the least.
The Klansman doesn’t wish to dis
courage Congress—surely some laws
it makes will “work,” if properly en
forced.
* * *
Back to undefiled patriotism—the
sacrifice of personal self—the Klans
man well knows, is the only sane so
lution of a problem that is becoming
painful to the political economists.
Many thinkers believe that all in
dustrial civilization is at present
headed for the abyss. Some propose
Socialism or class war as a rejuve
nating solution with domination of
the world, finally, by America
through a real unification of west
ern Europe. But the Klansman has
most interest in America’s more im
mediate salvation. Some things can
wait.
* * *
Dr. Stratton licked Dr. Potter in
their recent debate Thus, it seems,
the case against evolution has been
decided Man did not come from a
monkey. The complacent word has
been spoken to Mr. Bryan. But there
are other more pertinent questions
to be answered —for example: “If
one-fourth of the insane in New York
are aliens and if New York alone
pays nearly five million dollars each
year to care for its alien insane,
why should we have immigration
laws?” And here is another: “Why is
Oscar Underwood?” When we know
the answer to a few of these Sphinx
ian puzzles we shall be able to sat
isfy the intellectuals of every pat
riotic principality.
All-American Universities First.
The inter-racial college proposed
by Dean Collie, eminent geologist
and twice president of Beloit Col-
THE FIERY CROSS
lege may be all right—as an experi
ment in contrasts, though it will
scarcely invite the world unity ex
pected by its propagandists.
In an institution of the sort pro
posed, the students would become
avatars of peace, returning finally to
their respective countries well
grounded in constructive ideation
and soberly responsible for placing
before their several races the high
principles of humanitarianism and
righteousness •as understood in
America.
The basic thought is that such stu
dents should mingle together and en
deavor to understand each other be
cause the procurement of peace on
earth must first be built upon an in
telligent acquaintance. Neighbors
sometimes quarrel, but they are less
apt to do so when they really un
derstand each other. Groups oi peo
ple of varying intelligence, ideals,
customs and so on, working together,
have learned that peace and amity
pay better than bricks and bullets—
at least that is the theory.
Hence it is logical to believe that
students from Spain, France, Bel
gium, Russia, Italy, Asia, and all the
world, who might come to such an
inter-racial school as proposed, and
being one-pointed in their desire for
the betterment of their fatherlands
and races, could aid in the formation
of a potential nucleus for ultimate,
all-extensive, all-pervasive peace.
Noble in its purpose, the thought
ful Klansman can only regret that
human nature will probably make
the proposition seem wild and chim
erical even to those who might profit
most by the arrangement. An all-
American university would do far
more effectual service to the world
in its training of the supreme race—
the race that would neglect none of
its duties toward its weaker breth
ren.
* * *
A » |sh.
I should like to see the Bible placed
Where the Bible used to be.
Upon the top of teacher’s desk
For every child to see;
And I’d like to hear the teacher say.
As my teacher used to do,
"Before we play or work, dear ones,
I want to read to you."
I should like to see the teacher stand
Before the class again,
And lift with rev’rent care the Book
That makes God’s purpose plain;
And ere the youngsters went to work,
I’d like to hear her voice
Repeat those lines of truth and faith
That makes one’s soul rejoice.
I’d like to see her face light up
At each resplendent Word,
And watch the children’s souls shine
out
At the message they had heard;
I'd like to see the sweet content
Fill that dear room each nook,
And know that joy had come to each
When teacher read the Book.
Yes, I’d like to see the Bible placed
Where the Bible used to be,
And I’d like to hear it read aloud
In the schoolrooms of the free,
I want my children taught to know
God’s matchless gift of love—
The Book of Books is Wisdom's gate
To the bright schoolhouse above.
* * *
The 3 per cent feature of the im
migration law docs not affect people
living in Mexico, Cuba, Newfound
land, Canada Central American
countries and adjacent islands. The
law says that aliens are exempted
who have lived in the countries
named for one year immediately pre
ceding the time of their admission
to this country. Hence, any alien
who has been denied admission to
the United States because his coun
try’s immigration quota is exhausted
can go to Mexico or Canada and by
living there one year be admitted
here irrespective of the 3 per cent
clause. If he elects Canada and has
any luck whatever as a bootleg artist
he can cut this year short merely by
a feat of normal agility and a little
booze-whetted nerve.
* * *
Concerning Honesty.
The gentle colyumists of the coun
try are chirping about honesty. We
offer a few pertinent chirps with a
chorus of our own.
Here’s to the honest farmer
The man who gets the rocks,
Who never puts a false bottom
In a berry box.
—Florida Times Union.
Here’s to the honest grocer,
The man supremely grand,
Who does not in the sugar
Put a lot of sand.
—Allentown Democrat.
Here’s to the honest butcher,
The grandest of the grand
Who when he weighs the liver,
Does not weigh his hand.
—Waycross Journal.
Here’s to the honest banker,
We see him every day,
He takes and gives your money,
But never runs away.
Columbus Enquirer-Sun.
Here’s to the honest mayor
Without a streak of yellow;
He scorns the tricks of politics—
There isn’t such a fellow!
* • •
Illustrations are often an aid to
decisions of one kind or other. Here
is an illustration: In a large factory
in one of the leading cities of Indi
ana, the other day three American
born citizens lost ‘.heir jobs. These
jobs were instantly filled by three
aliens who had just arrived in the
state, having gravitated at once from
Ellis Island to the middle west to
grow up with the country. The aliens
secured the jobs because they were
willing to work for much less money
than the firm was paying the Ameri
cana. This sounds sordid, but it is
true. And the same thing is happen
ing elsewhere throughout the coun
try.
College President’s Tirade
Against Youth Protested
Vl/HEN Dr. Charles J. Smith, presi
“ ” dent of Roanoke College. New
Salem, Virgioia, described the modern
girl as a “hard-drinking, cigarette
puffing, licentious amazon.” before
the National Lutheran Educational
conference in New York city, he
started something, to say the least.
When a storm of adverse criticism
came back upon the statements made
by Dr. Smitn, he wrote a letter to
The New York Times, making it
clear that he did not refer in partic
ular to the modern college girl, al
though delegates to the conference
seemed to get that impression. He
had reference to ‘‘a new type of the
American woman” and not the col
lege woman or any section of the
country.
Even church magazines have come
back at Dr. Smith, declaring that
the picture he has painted of modern
youth is too pessimistic. The stand
ards have changed in this generation
as they have in the past, one publica
tion declares. Yet the youth of to
day is no worse than the youth of
yesteryear, it is said.
The Reformed Church Messenger,
for instance, writes:
“Changed social customs have
brought about new forms of indul
gence and so-called pleasure seeking
But it would require a great *dea!
more proof than we have so far seen
to persuade us that essentially the
college students of today are morally
inferior to those of a generation
If
ago.
But it is left to The United Pres
byterian to refute Dr. Smith’s asser-j
tions with statistics. They do not '
look well for the past generation:
“Statistics from 80 state institu- 1
tions in 1921 show that out of a total,
enrollment of 1">1,461 students, 13<).-
486 had religious affiliations, while
21,975 made no statement regarding
their religious life. This is very en
couraging when compared with our
early history, when even though the
colleges were church institutions,
practically all students were outside
the church. In Princeton from 1778
to 1782 there was but one professor
of religion. At Bowdoin college in
1807 there was only one Christian.
At Yale for four years there was hut
one, and but four or five in other
years about the beginning of the cen
tury. Many of the students assumed
the names of leading infidels and
atheists. Often every student was a
professed infidel, or at least outside
the church. Bishop Meade, of Vir
ginia, said in 1811 that William and
Mary college was a hotbed of French
infidelity, and that for many years in
every educated young man whom he
met he expected to find an infidel.”
The lack of Christian thought in
the colleges, the materialistic lean
ings of professors, and the getting
away from the old-fashioned religion,
are said to be contributing causes to
present-day moral conditions.*
But these conditions are rather the
KANSAS KLAN NEARS
MEMBERSHIP QUOTA
OSAWATOMIC, KAN., Feb. 25.
With the recent rapid growth of the
local Klan, members believe that the
membership high mark set by local
leaders for April, will be reached.
One of the most distinctive activi
ties of the local Knights has been
the contribution of many dollars to
the Protestant churches.
On Sunday evening, February 17,
11 Klansmen entered the church!
where Evangelist Sypolt was con
duct services, marched down the
aisle, lined up in front of the altar
and repeated the Lord’s prayer af
ter which the Rev. Ray Lessig, pas
tor, and Evangelist Sypolt, were pre
sented with SSO. The Klansmen
saluted a flag, planted at the foot of
the altar, and marched out while
the congregation sang “America.”
Minister Reads Klan
Creed Card in Church
LAWRENCEVILLE, ILL., Feb. 26.
Last Monday evening at the M. E.
church at Allendale. 111., 16 robed
Klansmen of the Dennison township
Unit of Lawrence county Klan. silent
ly entered the church just before
the close o fthe services and present
ed the pastor with a donation and a
creed card, which the pastor read to
the congregation.
All knelt at the altar and were led
in prayer by one of the robed
Knights. The Klansmen were given
a hearty welcome by the pastor, who
is holding a series of revival meet
ings and much good is being accom
plished.
fault of the elders than the youth.
It is pointed out that it was the old
er generation that threw the prover
bial monkey wrench into the machin
es of the world’s affairs and set it
awry, and not the younger genera
tion.
Even old lowa, it would seem, has
been invaded by the modern trend
in things moral. We auote at length
an editorial published recently in
The Randolph Enterprise, when a
young woman was seen nonchalantly
smoking a cigaret on the streets of
that community. The editorial fol
lows:
"Social and moral evils and habits
which are regarded as improper are
known to exist and abound in the
cities and in public elsewhere, but
some of them seldom put in an ap
pearance in small towns. Monday, an
inclosed car carrying as a passenger
a young lady, stopped on Main street
anil the voung man proceeded to at
tend to business. His fair compan
ion remained parked in the glass bug
gy md proceeded to while away her
time while conpelled to stop in this
hick town by reading the, comic sec
tion of a newspaper and inhaling the
inspiration which seeps from the un
limited end of a cigaret. The per
formance ,to her, seemed to come
quite naturally, and no doubt she was
not conscious of the fact that the
villagers made unnecessary trips past
her parking place to view the pro
cedure. School children in passing
viewed the beautiful damsel with all
seeing eyes, and wondered if all the
bad things their mothers had told
them about cigarets were true. Land
knows, he-men of the town set enough
bad examples for our young folks,
without having ladies also posing as
models. At least the lady smokers of
this town do not appear in public
with their fags.”
Chicago Klan Holds
Colorful Masquerade
Ball in City Armory
CHICAGO, ILL., Feb. 25.—Klan
dom’s most colorful and enjoyable
Washington’s birthday anniversary
celebration was staged at the Broad
way armory here last Friday night
when more than 3000 Klansmen,
Klanswomen and their friends parti
cipated in a mask ball.
While the official regalia was not
worn, a costume presented to each
truest by U. S. Grant club, the organ
ization sponsoring the affair, includ
ed a peaked cap, with drop visors for
the men, and madi gras masks for
the ladies. These with the multi
hued costumes of the masqueraders
gave a weird and mysterious air to
the dancing thousands.
Among the guests of honor was the
Grand Dragon of the Realm of Illi
nois. Guests were present from all
sections of Illinois and from neigh
boring states.
While the mask ball had been giv
en the widest publicity no effort was
made to interfere with its presenta
tion. and no disorder occurred during
the affair. The police ,the sheriff,
the state constabulary, and the na
tional guard all arranged to protect
the guests.
Music Is Furnished by
Ku Klux Klan Orchestra
INDEPENDENCE. KAN., Feb. 25.
Bad roads do not even obstruct the
work of the local Klan. Despite un
favorable weather, a large attend
ance was reported at the meeting on
February 18, when Charles Mcßrayer,
of Kiowa, Judge Clement A. Reed, of
this place, spoke. Mcßrayer spoke
on what Klankraft is and w’hat it
should mean to every Klansman. Mu
sic was furnished by the 10-piece or
chestra of the organization.
A KLANSMAN’S CREED
/ believe in God and in the ten
ets of the Christian religion and
that a godless nation can not long
prosper.
I believe that a church that is
not grounded on the principles of
morality and justice is a mockery
to God and man.
/ believe that a church that does
not have the tvelfare of the com
mon pc(rple at heart is unworthy .
/ believe in the eternal separa
tion of Church and State.
J hold no allegiance to any for
eign government, emperor, king,
pope or any other foreign, politi
cal or religious pov'er.
/ hold my allegiance to the Stars
and Strijycs next to my allegiance
to God alone.
J believe in just laws and liberty.
/ believe in the upholding of the
Constitution of these United States.
I believe that our Free Public
School is the comer stone of gooil
government and that those who are
seeking to destroy it are enemies
of our Keirublic and are unworthy
of citizenship.
1 believe in freedom of speech.
J believe in a free press uncon
trolled by political parties or by
religious sects.
1 believe in law and order.
/ believe in the protection of our
pure ‘womanhood.
/ do not believe in mob violence,
but / do believe that laws should
be enacted to prevent the causes
of mob violence.
I believe in a closer relationship
of capital and labor.
/ believe in the prevention of
unwarranted strikes by foreign la
bor agitators.
/ bclin'e in the limitation of for
eign immigration.
I am a native-born American cit
izen and / believe my rights in this
country are superior to those of
foreigners.
Friday, February 29, 1924
10,000 KLANSMEN
PARADE STREETS.,
OF OKLAHOMA CITY
Washington Birthday Cele
bration One of Greatest
Held in South
OKLAHOMA CITY, Feb. 22.-True
Americans from midwestern states
today honored the memory of the
lather of their country in this city,
wh en Kinghts and Ladies of the Ku
Klux Klan swept down upon the cai>-
ltol city and participated in the
greatest open air demonstration of
the new year.
Despite the inclement weather re
ported from all parts of Oklahoma
and a drizzling rain in the city pro
per which threatened for a time to
be the harbinger of a snow storm,
Klansmen and their families braved
the elements and at nightfall, offi
cials of the organization, by a check
of records, reported more than 25,000
citizens of the Invisible Empire
were in the city.
By special train, by automobiles in
spite of muddy roads, they came by
the thousands.
Washington’s triumphant entry in
to Yorktown at the head of the Con
tinental armies and its effect on the
enemy might be likened to the tri
umphant entry of these Klansmen in
Oklahoma City to celebrate his natal
day.
Accepting the challenge of news
papers and other opposing elements
these Klansmen came in full regalia,
but with faces uncovered that all
who chose might gaze upon them
and make the most of it.
previous announcement of the
Klan’s intention to unmask was made
by Grand Dragon, N. C. Jewett. The
Klan chief wanted to surprise those
opposed to the order. He did.
Curious throngs lined the streets
from dawn until shortly before mid
night when the festivities were
brought to a close at the conclusion
of the greatest parade in the history
of the order.
“They won’t dare show their
faces.” newspapers had said.
But Klansmen did dare—more than
10,000 of them.
The robed Knights began their
peaceable invasion of the city at
dawn when a vanguard of Southern
Oklahomans, accompanied by their
band, arrived shortly after five
o’clock a. m.
Strains of “Hail, Hail, the Gang’s
All Here” gave residents of the city
their first intimation that the Klux
ers had begun to arrive.
By noon delegations registered at
headquarters had increased to the
tune of 10,000. At dusk the number
swelled to 20,000, that number being
only those who had registered offi
cially.
No attempt was made to tally the
thousands who came by automobile
or interurban car. Neither was a
check kept upon members of Okla
homa City Klan No. 1 who were not
registered.
Promptly at nine o’clock a. m. the
Klorero was called to order. The
Klavern of Oklahoma City Klan,
where headquarters w 7 ere established
was filled to overflowing during the
entire day by delegates and Klans
man.
With the exception of one hour
Ighen the meeting was adjourned for
lunch, Klan leaders from Imperial
and state headquarters thrilled those
present with inspiring addresses up
on the progress made nationally by
the organization and by outlining
plans for the future.
The meeting was adjourned at five
o’clock. Between that time and nine
o’clock when the procession of 10,-
000 robed Klansmen began their
procession through the heart of the
city unmasked members of the order
still attired in full regalia “took in
the sights” dined or visited theaters
where special performances had been
arranged for.
Klansmen from Texas, Arkansas,
Kansas, Missouri and other surround
ing states were present in the pro
cession. Klansmen from 274 Okla
homa organizations were in line.
Grand Dragon N. C. Jewett, attir
ed in official regalia, mounted, and
accompanied by members of his staff,
reviewed the marchers from a point
in the heart of the city.
Oklahoma Klansmen saluted and
cheered their chief as they passed.
While the members wended their
way through the city’s street, an
aviator, with his airplane decorated
with an electric lighted fiery cross
hovered overhead illuminating the
heavens with an unusual pyrotehnic
display.
Bursting bombs dropped by the
birdman which followed a shower of
silver stars brought forth cheers from
the marching hordes which resounded
through the city.
Even the curious populace—those
not members of the organization—
joined with Klansmen 'in cheering
the aviator and otherwise letting it
be known that they were in sym
pathy with the organization and the
things for which it stands.
Sixteen special trains brought vis
iting Klansmen to the city. The train
from Kay county, Oklahoma, was in
charge of a train crew, which from
engineer to brakeman, was attired in
robes of the order.
Visitors and Oklahoma Klansmen
voted the'celebration one of the best
of its kind ever held by the organi
zation. The parade was the greatest
dver held in the United States, all
declared.
Thus did Oklahoma, on the birth
day celebration of America’s first
great American give the lie to news
paper allegations that the Klan is
not a vital factor in America today.
Thus did they answer a miserable
wretch who several months ago—
while drunk with the power of office
—staged the most violent persecu
tion of native born Americans since
the country was founded.
Thus will the Klan ever answer the
enemies of true Americanism.