PAGE TWO
THE MINNESOTA FIERY CROSS
The MINNESOTA FIERY CKOJW is published every Friday hy the
Publishing Company. St. Paul, Minnesota, and will maintain a policy of staunch.
Protestant Americanism without tear or favor. . ,
Edited, not to make up people's mind*, but to shake up peoples ® m “*- *
help mold active public opinion which will make America a proper place to me in.
News of truth kills more false news and shrivels up more bunk than all
iha earnest arguments In the world. Truth helps to clarify opinions on serious
° i ' , 'IThs*IIWMBWTA 'FIERY CHONS will strive to give the American Viewpoint
on publishfxl articles and separate the dross from the pure gold in the current
news of the day. ______
'l'll*- Km pi TP Publl«ltlng C®.. Inc.. Puhlluliem
Advcr lifting Hiilm HIM Be KurnNhed l»on Ke®ue»t
Send All News Item* and Address all Inuulrie* to HI4 I'loiieer Building. St. Paul,
Minnesota
PREJUDICE AND MR. SMITH
Many peculiar reasons have been advanced bv certain interests and news
papers, as to why A 1 Smith. Roman Catholic Governor of New York, should
be elected President of the United States. The most peculiar reason, however,
tom from the Springfield Republican, which seems to believe that Smith
nhould be elected because his election would “blast prejudice."
In speaking of Smith’s probablf candidacy, the Republican says:
“The fact that Governor Smith if a Roman Catholic attracts much atten
tion in current political discussion, for the tendency is general to assume
that his religion is his strongest handicap he must overcome. If this prej
udlce is so strong among citizens who are of other religious faiths as may
sometimes appear from such phenomena as Ku Kluxism. the sooner It is blasted
hy the election of a Roman Catholic to tha Presidency the better."
In view of the fact that this if a Protestant country, despite the efforts
•f the Roman Hierarchy to make it appear otherwise, it might be well to ask
the editor of the Republican why the cltixens of the United States can not use
their votes to place a Protestant at the head of the nation? It is not merely
because the man be a Protestant, but because it gives assurance to the people
that he will have no “entangling alliances" with a power that is not American
and can not be American so long as it is governed solely from foreign shores;
a power that takes so-called Americans from the shores of America, and with
more pomp than any Emperor was ever elevated to the throne, makes them
Princes, and returns them to America to carry on their work under direct
taatructions of a foreign potentate.
Americans who love America —and an American who does not, Is not
worthy of the name—can not reconcile certain oaths taken by these Prince*,
the men who were recently made "American" Cardinals, with the true spirit
of Americanism. Among other things pledged by these Cardinals in their
covenant at the time they were being sworn at the Vatican, these men pledged
themselves “to aid the pope to recover his rights, to fight all heretics and
•nemies of the pope, and to promise not to accept any mission from civil
authorities which would lead to civil interference in the election of future
popes."
Mr. Smith evidently beliefs that the foregoing oath of allegiance, la abso
lutely proper even though it places the allegience of these Cardinals above
their allegience to the civil authorities of our country. Voters do not neces
sarily have to be prejudiced to object to having a man as President of our
oountry who believes a power situated in a foreign land may call for allegiance
from Its subjects which supersedes the subject’s allegiance to American civil
authority.
The whole is not merely a matter of prejudice; It la a matter of belief In
progressiveness; a belief In different doctrines from those which hare swayed
ruled Europe for centuries. True Americans concede Mr. Smith the
right to believe as he does, but true Americans do not concede the right of a
foreign potentate demanding allegiance superior to the allegiance to America.
The fact that America was founded by Protestants, built and expanded under
Protestant Ideals and theories, should give Americans the right to choose men
ftsr the Presidency whom they know are in sympathy with those Ideals.
The great mass of citizens who are opposed to liquor are against Mr. Smith
because of his attitude on prohibition and his acts which retarded the enforce
■tat of prohibition In the State of New York. Once again, Mr. Smith’s ideas
to not conform with millions of American citizens. It would be just as logical
•or the Republican to say that “the sooner an avowed wet Is elected to the
Presidency, the better.” That would, according to the Republican "blast
Ar prejudice" against liquor.
In n trite sentence. The Houston Post, In speaking of the "Solid South,"
pots the matter In a proper light and does not charge the American people
with blind prejudice. The Post says: "It is a question, however, whether the
majority of the Southern States, dry, strongly American is sentiment, If pat
Is a teat at this time, would vote tor a Democrat with the political and other
associates Governor Smith boasts."
It la sated that the Poet uses the phraae, "strongly American In sentiment”
and makes mo reference to religion. It Is not a case of prejudice, regardless
Of what the propagandists might try to make the American people believe. It
la sot a desire to withhold an office from a man because of his religion, but
bocauso the American people feel greater confidence In a man whom they know
Ash met agree with certain foreign influences.
/ It would be Interesting to know Just bow many persons who were fighting
kho two per cent quota on the 1890 census, In the immigration bill, are now
aHlstlng in the Japanese “scare'’ In order to get a Presidential veto so that
another chance will be given to delay action or get a change in the quote or
the year on which the quote is based.
If Grabsky, new member of the Polish Cabinet, had emigrated te America
a few years ago, his name Indicates that he surely would have been mixed up
la the Tea Pot Dome scandal.
Word from Mexico Informs the public that the Mexican Government is
“sawing wood." Is it possible that Mexico has not learned that the annual
seal strike has been postponed this year?
It is now up to those who claim the Klan Is dead, to explain why the
candidate for nomination for Governor of Indiana, and who Klansmea openly
backed, received more votes than five opponents put together.
The two old political parties seem to be staunch believers In the old saw
that, "Two Is company and three is a crowd.” And neither likes to be crowded.
When you drive the devil out of your schools, see to it that he doesn’t
troop Into your lodge and church
The Klan can guard against hold-up men and insure against flro, but It
ban little protection against lying gossip.
It being Spring. President Coolldge could have chosen a no bottor time
to tell Europe to “clean house.”
GREENFIELD TO HEAR
PUBLIC KLAN LECTURE
Adair County Organization Grow*
ing—Many Unable te At
tend Church Service
GREENFIELD, IA., May 26,-The
people of this city and Adair county
who have never heard the troth about
the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan will
have an opportunity to do so on Sun
day, June 1, when a public address
will be given In the Greenfield city
perk. The lecture starts at 3 o’clock.
It le announced that a state lecturer
for the Klsn will explain the organi-
Htlon and all it stands for.
Of lots there has been much spec
ulation here as to the sise of the lo
cal Klsn. Soma poo pis have said
It has a membership of M to 100.
Others claim It Is more than that, In
view of the vast nuimwr of men at
the outdoor Klonkinve held near Fon
tensile on May 14. Despite the fig-
Second-class mailing rates applied for
Mibacrlptlon Kale, by Mall. *2.00 Per Year
ures, it is known that the local Klan
is growing rapidly.
For some weeks past Rev. George L.
Kerns, minister of the Church of
Christ here has been preaching ser
mons on the Klan and Americanism.
He has done this on one Sunday eve
ning s month. The church audito
rium has been filled on ell these oc
casions. At the last lecture over 200
people were unable to get into the
church . That is why the public lec
ture is being held in the park Sunday,
June 1.
Highland Park I. O. O. F.
To Elect Officers
On next Monday evening at the
hall of the Highland Park I. 0. 0. F.
lodge, located at Second street and
Euclid avenue, will occur the annual
election of officers Officers of the
Grand Lodge, as wall as those of the
local society will be elected, and an
urgent reuuest Is made for all Past
Grands and members to be In attend
ance. Refreshments will be served,
end a program of real Interest la
promised to all who attend.
Patronise Fiery Crons Advertisers
Sparks from the Fiery Cross j
By John Eight Point
The noblest moii\e is the public good.”—Virgil
Klunsmanship is like muscle —if
you don't use it. you'll lose it.
Nothing is gained by talking Klans
maeship to a man who loves his selfish
interests more than the best interests
of his country.
—*—
Nine troubles out of ten will run
the minute a Klansuiau looks them in
the face
—* —
Shall we unmask? There is no need.
You kuow your friends and neighbors
anyhow.
Good works are the evidence of
Klanuishness, not the conditions or
means of accomplishment.
No great Protestant fraternal order
ever organized had more sacred pur
poses or a more noble program than
the Klan. It is the right of every
white American Protestant citizen to
PROVE that this statement is trus.
Unconsecrated Klansmanship is like
unconsecrated money—it’s apt to burn
the lingers.
Clandestine murder? What “bunk”;
what talk of politicians; what babble
of the uninformed! Who really be
lieves that the Klan is organized to
"take the law in its own hands?” No
body.
The men who can best tell you
about the Ku Klux Klan are the Klans
men who live its precepts every day.
Y’ou do not go to a blacksmith to And
out about a doctor; you do not go to
a grocery store to learn about a bank.
Why go to a professional liar to learn
about the Klan?
You will find It hard to be a Klan*
man if you undertake the job without
letting anybody know it.
The Klan is careful where It step*,
that’s why those who follow It do aot
stumble.
As far as It is possible to do so, the
Ku Klux Klan will make it a lifetime
job to keep Uncle Sam out of trouble.
The Klan position on the subject 1*
to the effect that the man who votes
either locally or nationally to sustain
a wrong is helping the devil whether
he knows it or not.
An opportnnity that’s lost.
Dear Klansman, leaves no track,
And that Is why. 1 have no doubt,
It can’t find its way back.
* —
“Let ns by all wise and constitu
tional measures,” said James Monroe,
"promote Intelligence among the peo
ple as the beat means of preserving
oar liberties."
The antl-Klansman Is always chas
ing the devil around the stump only
to find out that the said devil in an
antl-Klansman. too.
It la not the time and money we give
to the Klan that keeps us poor, but the
help and service we keep from the
Klan.
All Klan amen will tell you that the
windows of heaven are not opdn to
the man who keeps the doors of bis
Bible closed.
The flag stands for self-government
and tu the identical sense the Klan
symbols stand for the same thing.
*
There were five million Jews in
David’s time; now there are sixteen
million. One-fourth of that sixteen
million Jews live in the United States.
In David’s time the Jews were an
idealistic, Intellectual and artistic
people—they were shepherds, build
ers, musicians and poets. Nowadays
the Jews are money-seekers, money
loaners, money-grubbers. They seek
the Jingle of the dollar. They are city
dwellers and non-producers. In David’s
time the Jews were essentially re
ligious. At the present time, it Is
stated on good authority, eighty per
cent of them have forsaken their God.
“It is the high privilege and sacred
duty of those now living," said James
A. Garfield, "to educate their suc
cessors for the inheritance that waits
them." In thts true American spirit,
influenced by this sublime sentiment,
the Klan urges Its Knights forward to
unflagging battle for Its Ideals.
*
EXCEPT BY DEEDS
We have no way of building well.
Except by deeds;
Our nation would be tagged for bell.
Except by deeds;
That’s why the Klan Is strong to net
Upon the principle and fact
That God with man can make ao pact
Except by deeds;
Man has no chance to reach the stars.
Except by deeds;
He has no proof of avatars,
Except by deeds.
We’ve got to have the evidence
To win a lifetime recompense—
Forever well sit dumb and denss.
Except by deeds
We have no way of finding out.
Except by deeds;
Just who Is weak and who Is stent.
Except by deeds.
Ws’vs got to bsvs the proof te know
The right snd wrong of things bstow,
And there’s no other way te show,
Except by deeds.
The Klsn can make no forward move,
Except by deeds—
No headway gain, no birthright prove,
Except by deeds,
Then let us arm ourselves te 4e,
And toll like Caesars in rovlow—
There's no way sure, there’s ae war
true,
Except hy deeds.
THE FIERY CROSS
The Klan believes its rules of guid
ance to be perfect for its purpose.
They are based upon a perfect knowl
edge of Klan needs and also the needs
of the great commonwealth that the
Klan Is using every energy in its
power to serve. Some of its rules are
laid down in the instructions that flow
through regular channels; others are
the result of experience Bh&rply lived
through and entirely paid for. Ordi
nary human rules are based upon par
tial knowledge of both present and
future. The rules that affect the Klan
are thought out with an exactness that
builds upon intuition as well as re:
son. The Klan believes in spiritual
leadership as well as in physical lead
ership. Good men belong to the Klan
and serve it utterly, exemplifying the
rules by which it lives and functions.
Tell your friend that if he is afraid
of the Klan in the dark he should do
more praying in the light.
*
It is impossible ever for fancy and
imagination to assign the limits to
the achievements of free minds, hands,
and hearts under the protection of our
union, as made possible under the
leadership of one hundred per cent.
Americans.
It should always be remembered
that we as Klansmen, never forget
our nativity and that we forever sym
pathize In all right and wise efforts
to extend to everybody the blessing of
civil liberty and unhampered justice
under the Constitution.
The fifth president’s administration
was one of general prosperity. It was
known as “the era of good feeling.”
People began to turn their faces away
from the ravages of the war that had
wasted them during the previous ad
ministration. A good deal of thought
was being turned to the development
of the country’s internal resources.
Wise and great men were striving to
forecast the future of the young na
tion. Many of them, like President
Monroe, felt that to “promote intel
ligence” generally among the young
citizens of the nation was the safest
and perhaps only sane pathway to lib
erty. Liberty meant much to those
who had been fighting foreign tyranny
and despotism. It began to be very
evident that the more education peo
ple had. the better equipped they were
to preserve the liberty they had fought
for. Down to the present time this
same law has held. That is why
Americans have a nobler freedom than
Is found in many countries.
And the Klan teaches that true
education of the early type which con
siders moral, spiritual and patriotic
ends as well as pare learning, will
give the people greater liberty. That
Is why the organization strennonsly
upholds the ideas of the Founders —
"promoting Intelligence’* in the right
way, with due regard to ethical laws
and physical statutes. The Klan knows
that this is the manner in which na
tion and race may and must be grad
ually developed toward endoring
heights of power and usefulness.
A QUESTION
You’ve seen the man downtown, I
guess.
Who always has a word
To say about the Ku Klux Klan—
Some rumor he has heard.
You’ve watohed him beat the empty
afcr
In his mad exercise,
And when you’ve sifted out his speech
You’ve found a pack of lies.
You’ve glimpsed another person, too,
Who looks the gentleman;
Ha seems both quiet-voiced and strong
And whoa folks talk the Klan,
He does not rush the dialogue.
To speak he’d rather not.
But when, at last, he gives his views.
You’ve fennd them heaest thought
Beth of theae men are citizens.
And both have right te vote;
Both men are of the royal race.
As face and form denote;
And both are known among their peers
For things all men reaped;
But you, if you wore choosing friends.
Which one would you select?
And. on your honor. If you stood
Before the court of God,
And coaid look back upon the road
These nation-makers trod.
Which of the two would you decide
To be the honest man.
And which would you believe the tenet
When speaking of the Klan?
It is gratifying to observe that about
nine-tenths of the present Congress
are members of Protestant churches.
Most of the remaining one-tanth Is
Mid to attend church fr<>quenUy If
not regularly. A large proportion of
the whole body Is also found to be
long to Protestant fraternities. This
means that the nation’s law makers or
large units of them are Protestant
Christians and Protestant frmternallsts.
So long as this balance can be main
tained the efforts of the Klan should
bear fruits of the most Mtlsfylng
quality.
Mount Tacoma sounds better to the
Klansman than Mount Rainier. Ta
coma waa the old Indian name of the
mountain; Rainier was mersly ths
name of the "eemmander of a British
ship engaged in depredations along
ths Atlantic seaboard." The Senate’s
adoption of a Joint resolution author
ising ths chnngs of nams In n patriotic
act harking back to pleasing tradition.
The Klan rltnal does not Include
only nobis and uplifting thoughts. U
endMvors te fig nobis tendsnelss. It
sdneatas by a process of symbolism
based upon snared principles. Its
goners! affect Is In the dire—tea el
loyal falters.
THE
OUTPOST
OUR PLATFORM
LIFE PRESERVERS FOR SINK
ING FUNDS
If Congress keeps on Investigating
both halves of the world will find out
how the other half lives.
A world war veteran In Texas
has just started to running a clock
of his own construction and which
he claims will run a thousand
years without rewinding. It will
run down, probably, about the time
the owner draws his bonus.
Doctor: "I find your wife Is all run
down."
Hubby (on other end of ’phone):
"Thunk heaven. I had given up hope
of her ever running down."
Mah Jongg, it has been learned, is
two thousand years old. If that is the
case there snould be at least some
body who knows how to play It.
IT OFTEN HAPPENS, HOWEVER
"That's peculiar. You say Phil lost
his wife the same way he won her?"
"Yea. By lying to her."
Nature always balances up matters.
With the shortage of bananas in this
country, we find more oil than usual.
All of this probing going on in
Washington isn’t helping the wound
any.
THE MISSING LINK
"After a ton day’s absence, during
which a country-wide search was made
for his body. James T. Link showed
up at hla home late last night with no
explanation as to where he had been.”
—Des Moines (la.) Register.
"Japan keeps her pledges," de
clares a writer opposing the Immi
gration bill. This should not be
surprising as Japan usualy keeps
everything she gets hold of.
AND THEN CROWED ABOUT IT
"Henn," declares a newspaper story,
"at one time declared that he was
responsible for the formation of the
Klan in this city." It is Just possible
that Henn is the fellow that put the
clucks in the Ku Klu Klan.
A prominent English woman has de
clared that the day of the flapper is
over. She probably meant the flapper’s
day is overrun with dates.
*
NAMEB IS NAMES
It will probably be harder than
usual, bat Hope Onn has Just been
married In Memphis, Tenn., accord
ing to a list of marriage licenses.
—* —
Nall: "When will the wedding bells
ring for you?”
Void: “When I get the money to
bay the ring.”
*
COALS TO NEW CASTLE
It hoe been suggested by one sport
writer that the next heavyweight prise
light be held In Ireland.
Congress passed a little bill
To keep the alien out;
But our President's attitude.
Keeps us all In doubt.
NATIONAL PRIDE?
Is It possible that the Prince of
Wales wishes to demonstrate that the
English have something that can fall
Just as hard as the German mark?
The country at large seems to
bo looking on A 1 Smith** declara
tion that the prohibition laws
must be enforced, as dry wit At
least, his statement brought many
a smile.
There Is now a tendency toward
smaller farms, we understand.
Maybe the politicians want mere
tanners to whom they can giro
relief.
IT WILL RUB OFF
A woman, testifying in police court
at Cincinnati, declared that the de
fendant “grabbed her and kissed her
until he was red In the face.” In view
of the great amount of rouge the far
male sex uses today, It probably did
not take the man very long.
KUN AIDS MINISTER
OF KENT M. E. CHURCH
Purse Given to Rev. Fred War
ner by Members of Union
County Organization
KENT. IA.. May 26. -In recogni
tion of the valuable work being done
in the pulpit of the Methodist Epis
copal cnurch here in behalf of the
Knights of the Ku Klux Klan the
Klansmen of this vicinity recently
made up a purse of about 9100 and
presented it to Rev. Fred Warner,
pastor of the church. The donation
was made at the close of the regular
Sunday evening service by a repre
sentative of the Ku Klux Klan.
Following the presentation of the
donation, Rev. Mr. Warner paid a
high compliment to the organisation,
stating to his audience that so far
as he, himself, was concerned, It was
nobody’s business whether or not he
was a member of the Ku Klux Klan.
He, however, had nothing but good
to say regarding the organisation and
the big work that it is accomplish
ing.
MYSTIC. CONN.—Formation of a
Klan was annminced hero last week
by the burning of a Aery cross.
RALPH E. UPDIKE, who has
just been nominated for Congress
from the Seventh District in In
diana, had as his opponent, Merrill
Moores who has served in Congress
for the last ten years. Mr. Updike
won a decisive victory at the pri
maries held recently, after appar
ently having been beaten when the
first returns came in. Mr. Updike,
whom it it generally understood is
a Klansman, served overseas dur
ing the World War and was wound
ed five times. He is now a mem
ber of the Seventy-third General
Assembly, having been elected to
the legislature in 1922. He is a
member of many Important com
mittees in the legislature and is
Chairman of Judiciary.
VOTERS URGED TO
STUDY ASPIRANTS
Good Men on Both Party
Tickets, West Virginian
Points Out.
MOUNT CLARE, W. VA., May 20.
Admonishing all voters to carefully
scrutinize the records of every can
didate and ascertain if they are thor
oughly American. Hon. Walter M.
Morris, of this city, veteran newspaper
man and former member of the West
Virginia legislature, has written a
special article for this newspaper.
Mr. Morris, who is past 81 years of
age, gained state-wide fame for his
stand for better government when he
was a member of the West Virginia
Legislature during the memorable ses
sions of 1919 and 1920.
Commenting on the Klan, Mr. Mor
ris said: "A few anti-Klan know-alls
have declared that they personally
know of Klansmen who are law-break
ers and further declared that the Klan
should clean its own doors before in
vading other people’s premises. I give
little credence to any such state
ments." Morris is not a member ef
the Klaa
His article follows:
“The primary election. May 27, is
□ear at hand, and with the large num
ber of candidates that will appear on
the tickets of each of the major
parties, all shader of the voters, be
they “wet” or "dry,” can find candi
dates who will agree to stand for the
ideals of the individual voter.
Good Men On Both Sides
“On both of the tickets there will
be some splendid men who represent
the best element of our citizens.
Others there will be who may be as
comely to look upon as they, but who
represent a lower class of citizenship.
We believe the better class are in
the majority, but we can see great
danger of losing out at the primary
election, for the reason that on the
**better class” side so many candi
dates are after the same plum, while
tbs cunning "foxes” representing the
lower human strata will unite upon
the one candidate.
The writer does not pretend to ad
vise any one as to which of the tick
ets he or she should support, but he
does advise every voter to learn some
thing of the past habits of each can
didate who will be on the ticket of
their choice —especially should this
apply to candidates for U. S. Senator
Representative or for either branch of
the State Legislature, for Sheriffs or
County Commissioner; not only as
to whether they be "wet” or “dry”,
but whether they will stand for rea
sonable economy, or—like too many
of those who have already obtained
our suffrage—prove too prodigal in
using the public funds.
Are They Americans?
Another Important qualification of a
candidate, which will hardly be over
looked by the Klansmen, and should
not be overlooked by any voters Is—
Are they real American?—that is, do
they stand for American Ideals? Is
their candidacy being boosted by boot
leggers, and others of the under
world? If so. you may know such
agents are expecting some favors If
their candidate should be successful.
“So, let every true American of both
parties use his best efforts to nom
inate their best men for all Important
offices; as in that case It wonld make
little difference as to Its political com
plexion, we would have true men In
office. But being a Klansman, or red
blooded American without the educa
tional and Intellectual qualification
does not fit anyone to hold an Im
portant office; but having them all
combined makes him au Ideal officer."
A great many antl-Klan people who
do not believe In s hell live In one.
Ottumwa Church Is
Visited by Klansmen
OTTUMWA, IA.. May 28.-A delega
tion of robed Klansmen last night
visited the Davis street Christian
church here during the devotional
hour, and left an envelope containing
a letter and cash donation to the
church.
Friday, May 30,1924
UNMAN PLOT
IS UNEARTHED AT
COVINGTON, LA
Spurious 14 Terror Notices ’ ’ Arf
Issued By Foes of
Organization.
SCHEMER ADMITS GUILT
Prominent New Orleans Srur.
geon Is Indicted On
Conspiracy Charge.
COVINGTON, LA., May 20.—With
the latest attempted “frame-up” on the
Klan having fallen fiat in this town,
an ex-Mason (a man who wai
reared a Catholic, left the church and
returned to it) indicted by a special
grand jury, more or less excitement
has prevailed. The indictment followed
the circulation of vicious circular*
purporting to have been issued by the
Klan and which threatened certain cit
izens of Covington. The grand Jury
after investigation, returned an indict
ment charging conspiracy against Dr.
Armand Mary, who after leaving the
Catholic church and Joining the Ma
sons, later gave up the latter and went
back to the Catholic church.
It is alleged that Dr. Mar.” and cer
tain friends went Into consultation
when a Klan was formed here, and
decided that a Klan and a lodge of
Knights of Columbus could not survive
in the same town. Following the
meeting a committee notified the Ex
alted Cyclops that he must either move
his Klan out of town or disband. As
is quite natural, the Klan exercised It*
constitutional rights and remained In
the city.
Spurious Circular Appears
Shortly after this the following cir
cular appeared In Covington:
"Whoever recevies this notice (blank
space left for name) must leave SL
Tammany Parish at once or suffer the
consequences.
"Signed, Chief Kleagle,
"St. Tammany Klan."
The circular on the face of It was
spurious as there is no St. Tammany
Klan, No. 23, nor is there such an
office in the Klan as "Chief Kleagle.*
The circular was captioned, "Official
Headquarters of The St. Tammany
Klan, No. 23.”
It is claimed by persons here, who
are believed to be members of the
Klan that behind the facts already
brought to light, there will be shown
a deep and sinister plot to malign
the Klan and an attempt to work great
Injury to it. The facts already un
earthed of the alleged plot to throw
discredit on the Klan organization has
done much to change the trend of
thought In favor of the organization.
When confronted with affidavits and
irrefutable evidence, it is understood
that Dr. Mary admitted his guilt In
the framing of the spurious circulars,
but refuses to name any others in the
alleged plot.
The fake “terror notices” are not
in the hands of the Hearst magazine,
to print as “proof” of the outrages
of the Klan, but are being held by the
Klan and every effort is being made
to apprehend the others in the plot
to lay terrorism at the door of the
Klan. The deplorable incident here
is merely one of hundreds like It
wherein such methods were used to
discredit the Klan organization. The
unearthing of the plot, however, shows
the length to which the enemies of
the Klan will go and throws much
light on Just how the “threats of viol
ence and violence by the Klan” get
into the nawspapers.
Doctor Out On Bond
Dr. Mary, who is out on bond of
$1,200, is a dental surgeon and Is now
practicing in New Orleans. His fam
ily Is Catholic and he was reared a
Catholic. Several years ago, he ap
parently threw off the yoke of Rome,
and afterward became a Mason. His
vows, however, in that organization
seemed to have become Irksome and he
once again embraced the Roman faith
and gave up Masonry.
DO IT TODAY
Do that little deed of kindness to
yOur brother Klansmen today. He may
be downhearted, cheer him up. He
may think the price of lifetime service
to his God and country oomes too
high; show him that It does not. Be
the rainbow that drives away tbs
clouds of storm and promises the quiet
that comes after the thunder and light
ning. You are bound to your brother
by sacred bonds. You know how these
bonds hold and the symbols behind
all bonds. Pass on the service of good
cheer, and show that in union there
is always strength—succor, service and
relief.
ALSO HELP OTHERS
In a fierce fight to improve a local
or a general condition a Klansman
remembers that it Is not only his own
children who will benefit; but the chil
dren of a million other brother Klans
men. Therefore like a good soldier
he takes his own wound cheerfully—
even death, If necessary In the course
of his duties—content if his comrades
have been helped to victory by his
■tsunchness and prowess.
Antl-Klan campaigns fizzle because
the ammunition used poor.
RAVENNA, OHIO. On s high hill
adjacent to Ravenna some 400 Klans
men mot recently, where they re
newed their allegiance to Almighty
God, to their country, and to human
ity.
HUNTSVILLE, ALA.-Two hundred
dollars has been donated by Hunt**
ville Klan for the furnishing of e
room in the new city hospital
JIMPERFECI