PAGE FOUR
SOME INTERESTING FACTS ABOUT
THE PLANET MARS
(From The Manchester Guardian, Manchester, England
On August 23 next Mars will make
one of its closest approaches to the
•arth within the present century.
The two planets will be separated by
about 36,000.000 miles, which is, coe
mieally speaking, a mere trifle.
Every two years and two months
Mars is in “opposition" to the sun —
that is to say, the sun, the earth, and
Mars are in a straight line, with the
earth in the center. The planet then
rises at sunset, crosses the meridian
at midnight, and sets at sunrise; and
hr tome months before and after
these oppositions the planet is a
prominent object in the night sky
and is carefully watched by astron
omers located in various parts of the
earth.
So far as distance is concerned,
however, all oppositions of Mars are
not equally fovorabla. As we all
know, the Earth's orbit is not a cir
cle, but an ellipse, and our world is,
as a matter of fact, three million
miles nearer to the sun at midwinter
than at midsummer —a fact which, by
the way, mitigates the heat of our
northern summers and the cold of
our northern winters. The orbit of
Mars is considerably more elliptical
than ours, and its distance from the
sun has a greater range of variation.
Now it is evident that the earth and
Mars come nearest when Mars is at
a point of its orbit near to and the
earth at a point far from the sun. On
the whole, an opposition of Mars is
favorable, so far as distance is con-,
cerned, if it occurs in July or August,
and unfavorable if it falls in January
or February. There are, however, so
far as we in the nothern hemisphere
are concerned, other factors to be
considered. When Mars comes to op
position in late summer it is travers
ing the lower zodiacal constellations
and does not rise high above the hori
son, while in late winter it rides high
in the sky and is actually more eas
ily picked up by the casual star-gaz
er than on the occasion of the favor
able oppositions of late summer.
A Sunny Wu/ld
At the same time, so far as the
earth as a whole is concerned, these
near approaches are very favorable,
and the astronomers, farther south
will have the oppotunity of seeing
Mars at its closest when the disc is
at its maximum apparent size.
Mars is not actually our nearest
planetary neighbor in space, m Venus
on occasion comes as close as 26,000,-
000 miles. But on these occasions the
dark side of Venus ,is turned towards
■l, end we can see nothing; while
Mars, at closest approach, is fully Il
luminated. As a consequence we
know much more about Mars than
about Venus. Concerning the latter
planet, indeed, assured knowledge is
very slender.
Mars is considerably smaller than
the earth. Its diameter is about 4,-
*6O miles, and its volume less than
two-tenths of that of the earth. Like
the earth, Mars is enveloped in an
atmosphere of appreciable extent and
density, but this atmosphere is much
clearer and thinner than ours. Com
pared to our cloud-laden planet, Mars
may well be described as a world of
blue skies and bright sunshine. And
this despite the fact that at a dis
tance of about 40,000,000 miles far
ther from the sun than the earth, it
receives considerably less light sad
heat than we do.
The Martian surface has been care
fully scrutinized and charted for
about 200 years. The most promi
nent features of the disc are the two
round white snots at the north and
south poles, wnich were detected as
long ago as 1719. These spots are ob
served to increase and decrease in ac
cordance with the martian seasons.
Thus in winter in the northern hemi
sphere the cap is very extensive. As
tne spring comes the cap shrinks, and
by midsummer it is a tiny white
point. Indeed, on more than one oc
casion it has been observed to disap
pear altogether. Quite obviously
these polar caps are the Arctic and
Antarctic snowfields of our neighbor
world. As the caps melt they are
usually seen surrounding them broad
blue belts. These are evidently open
polar seas, formed by the melting of
the snows. As a matter of fact these
temporary bodies are the only seas
on the Martian surface.
The C annls
For on Mars the apostolic vision is
realized "There is no more sea.” The
blue-green areas which the earlier
observers such as Herschel, Madler,
Dawes and Proctor believed to be
oceans are now definitely known to
be vegetal in nature, for they change
their color and their boundaries shift
as the seasons progress. The reddish
ochre portions which form the great
er part of the plaret’s area are sim
ply deserts —analogous to barren re
gions like the Sahara on our own
C* let. The monotony of the deserts,
ever, is relieved by the remark
able network of lines known as the
canal system. The more prominent
of these canals were discovered by
the great Italian astronomer Schia
parelli at the favorable opposition of
1877, and on subsequent occasions he
discovered many more. Even greater
numbers have been detected by Flam
marion. Lowell, Pickering and other
astronomers. Still more remarkable
than the canals themselves are the
"oases,” the dark spots at the junc
tions of two or more of the canals.
The canals were believed by Schia
parelli to be waterways lined on eith
er side by banks of vegetation. Un
doubtedly what we see is the vegeta
tion, for the lines become distinctly
more prominent after the melting of
the polar snows during the summer
season, and some of the less promi
nent of them fade out altogether In
the winter season. Controversy has
raged for years as to the real nature
of the network of lines and as to
what the canal system actually doss
signify.
Mars turn* on its own axis in 84
hours 87 minutes seconds. Its
day Is therefore only about 40 min
tttee longer then ours. In addition,
amount as our earth’s axis. Co
quently the seasonal conditions are
much the same there as here. Only
the year is nearly double ours in
length- -687 days to our 366 —and
each season is about twice as long as
its terrestrial counterpart. The
question naturally presents itself to
us whether the planet is inhabited by
any forms of life. Vegetation we
know exists there. Do animals? Do
beings akin to man? These are ques
tions to which no definite answers
can be returned. All we can say with
certainty is that there seems to bo
no reason why such a world should
not be inhabited.
BUCK IS PASSED
IT JUDGE EVANS
ON PLEA OF KLAN
Evades Direct Reply Wher
Asked to Release Prisoner
For Father’s Funeral.
RIOT VICTIM ARRESTED
Klansman Lying in Hospital
Charged With Murder by
District Attorney.
(By S. THOMAS ZENER, JR, Editor
Of The Keystone American,
Pittsburgh, Pa.)
PITTSBURGH, PA. May 20.—The
mercury in the mythical barometer of
public feeling has climbed to a high
stage in Cambria county, Pa., an the
result of the unwarranted attack upon
marching Kiansmen at Lilly, Pa.. Sat
urday night, April 5, and was given
added impetus at Ebensburg late Fri
day when Judge John E. Evans
“parsed the buck” to Warden Knee
of the county jail, on the plea of Klan
counsel for the release of one of the
jailed men being held, to attend his
father’s funeral.
Godfred Greybeck, 69, father of one
of the jailed Kiansmen, died last W’ed
aesday morning in his home at Wind
ber from a complication of diseases.
Immediately upon hearing of the aged
man's demise, Cambria county Kians
men notified the four attorneys repre
senting the Kl&n in this case, and
they prepared a petition to Judge
Evans which was presented to him
late Friday. Judge Evans procrasti
nated in the matter, It is reported,
and left the decision to Warden Knee.
Kiansmen and other Interested Prot
estants could not get in communica
tion with W’arden Knee until late Fri
day, when he agreed, however, to take
the jailed man to his father’s funeral
st 2 o'clock Saturday afternoon.
Riot Victim Arrested
▲long with this apparent set-back,
came the arrest of iClaasman Samuel
Evans, Thursday morning. In Me
morial Hospital where he had been
confined from injuries received in the
riot that fatal night at Lilly. Klansman
Evans was a companion inmate at
Memorial Hospital of two other mem
bers of the organization, both suffering
from injuries. The othor two men are
still confined at the hospital, and
whether they will be placed under ar
rest is not known. Evans was ar
rested by a Cambria county detective,
acting under the orders of District At
torney Weimer, and is charged with
murder, carrying concealed weapons,
and riot.
Svans makes the twenty-eighth
Klansman jailed at Ebensburg, the
seat of Cambria county. The total
nuihber arreated to date Is twenty
nine. Klansman Owen Hale Poor
baugh having died In Memorial Hos
pital from pneumonia which, he de
clared before bie death, was con
tracted due to ill-treatment In the Jail.
The two sisters of Klansman Poor
baugh made an affidavit to thia effect,
In which they stated their brother laid
the blame for his condition directly at
the doors of the Jail attaches, explain
ing that he was not provided with
sufficient bed-colthing and was forced
to walk from his cell to the ‘fulminate
when he was removed.
Return After Burial
Klansman Poorbaugh’s sisters and
his aged mother, who hurried here
when they learned of bis death, left
for Baltimore, their home, shortly
after he was buried Sunday, April 27.
Counr* 1 *9t the jailed men at Ebens-
are pi sparing the cases for
presentation to the court at the trials,
which are scheduled to begin the sec
ond week in Junt-
Onty thirteen Lilly residents are is
Jail at Ehensburg. State Police are
still quartered at Lilly, and it la re
ported that they have 'secured con
siderable damaging evidence against
the perpetrators of tbs riot at Lilly.
Religious and racia. stumbling blocks
have been eradicated entirely In tbs
immediate Johnstown vicinity by the
riot and its sequences, a number of
Jewish citisens having voiced their
disspporval of the entire attack on
the Klaasmcn '
The families of the twenty-eight
Klamuiien are being cared for by the
Pennsylvania State organisation, and
the salaries of the prisoners are being
paid fully. Every convenience they
enjoyed while the bread-winners were
with them is being offered and ae
oeptad
ill! MH.olllD I'UOTIHTANTK
APPALACHIA. W. VA Rev. W L
Robinson, pastor of the A. M. f£.
church of Htonega, near hero, was the
recipient of • gift of money from the
Kiansrnen uf Appalachia KUn No. Ift.
rWMNltty A letter from th« piaster to
tbe kiansmen thanked them for tlseir
MbiMtiap of friendship for the eol
>red At#
■ROVED UNffOMI OmXNATIONAL
Sunday School
’ Lesson’
(By REV P B riTSWATBR. D.D, Tsecher
of English B!b!» la tho Blbl* Insti
tute of Chlc*f«.)
<©. 1114. Wsstovn Nswspepr Uatoa.)
Lesson for June 1
THE BABYLONIAN EXILE OF
JUDAH
LESSON TEXT—II Citron. Sfl:ll-SL
GOLDEN TEXT —"Righteousness •*-
altsth n nation; but ain la a raproacb
to any people."—Prov. 14:14.
PRIMARY TOPIC—What a Boy King
Did.
JUNIOR TOPIC—Tbs Daatructlon of
Jerusalem.
INTERMEDIATE AND SENIOR TOP
IC—The Laat Daya of Jerusalem.
TOUNO PEOPLRAND ADULT TOP
IC—A Nation In Ruins.
I. The tine of the Nation (▼▼.
mm.
1. Zedekiah, the King (tv. 11-18).
(1) Insubordination to God’s prophet
(v. 12). In the theocratic government
mt Israel God's prophet occupied a
higher place than the king himself.
The prophej was God’s messenger. In
stead of receiving Jeremldh as God’s
messenger and conforming bis life to
God’s will, as made known by the
prophet he refused to humble him
self before God.
(2) Rebellion against Neouchadnez
zar (▼. 13). Zedeklaa was made king
of Judah by the king of Babylon but.
In spite of this kindness and the word
of the Lord spoken to him by Jere
miah (Jer. 3§: 17, 18; 52:8), he re
belled against the king of Babylon.
(3) He stiffened his neck and
hardened his heart against God (v.
18). Those who rebel against rightly
constituted authority soon are resist
ing the will and grace of God.
2. The Priests and People (w.
14-16).
(1) They followed the heathen (v.
14). Even the priests who ministered
In the house of God were practicing
the sins of the heathen nations sur
rounding them.
(2) They polluted the house of the
Lord (v. 14). The house of the Lord
was sacred, having been dedicated to
the Lord and consecrated to His serv
ice. For priests to officiate while liv
ing Uvea of Impurity was pollution to
God’s house.
(8) They mocked God’s messengers
(v. 16). Instead of receiving them as
from God, they mocked them.
(4) They despised God’s word (▼.
16). To set at naught God’s counsel
Is to despise His word (Prov. 1:25).
(5) Misused God’s prophets (v. 16).
They not only mocked them but Im
prisoned some and slew others. This
they persisted in until God could no
longer restrain Hit wrath.
11. The Judgment Falls (w. 17-21).
L Slaughter by the Sword (▼. 17).
So severe did this Judgment fall that
the King of the Chaldees slew young
men even In the house of the sanctu
ary and “had no compassion upon
young man or maiden, old man or him
that stooped for age.”
2. The Treasures and Sacred Ves
sels Carried to Babylon (▼. 18). This
Included, not only the treasures of the
house of the Lord, but of the king and
his princes.
3. Burned the House ef God (v. 19).
This was the sacred temple built by
Solomon with certain additions and
modifications.
4. Broke Down the Walls of Jerusa
lem (v. 19). The elm In this was to
render the walls useless as a means of
defense.
0. Burned the Palaces (v. 19). It
would seem that the common houses
were left for the poor people who re
mained In the land.
6. Destroyed All the Goodly Vessels
(▼. 19). Tills would mean that tbs
palaces were plundered of all that was
valuable.
7. Tarried the People Into Captivity
and Made Slaves of Them (v. 20).
Those who had escaped the sword
wave bow carried away and enslaved.
It would seem that a number of peo
ple had deserted to the Babylonians.
From II Kings 25:12 we learn that
Ibe poorest of the people were left in
the land. Those who would not like
ly make any trouble were left as vine
dressers and husbandmen. Since the
custom was to colonize conquered ter
ritory by foreign peoples, the object
In leaving the poor people was that
the country might be ready and over
these people Cedallah was appointed
with headquarters at Mizpeh. When
the walls were broken Zedeklsh fled
by night, his object being doubtless to
cross the Jordan at Jericho and hide
In the mountains east of Jordan. lie
was overtaken In the plains of Jericho
(II Kings 25:5) by the Chaldean
army. Ha was captured and taken to
the king of Babylon who was at Rib
lah, a town north of Damascus Zede
klah was tried before Nebuchadnez
zar, his eyea were put out, he was
hound with fetters of brass, and car
ried away to Babylon, where he re
mained • prisoner until the day of
his death (Jer. 52:11).
Dufy to Your Noifhbor
Tour "duty” to your neighbor will
have to be looked at la tbe light of
a pleasure If it is to do either you or
him much good
Loonsing From Otkora
You cun learn a hundred (hinge
from others where you leans oae frem
year ewu e a pert ears
Culture
Culture ta te know the beet that has
been said and thought la the werlg.
THE FIERY CROSS
A Weekly Mirror Of Congress
Daily Activities of Your Senators and
Representatives
(Bureau of Publication and Education)
Msadajt, May tt.
SENATE—Met at nova; adjourned at
«.10 P. M.
Agreed to an amendment to the army ap
propriation bill appropriating SBOO,OOO for
construction of toads, bridges and reus in
Alaska. .
Passed the rent commission extension
bill with an aaaendment by Senator Cara
way, Arkansas, requiring hotels to poet
their room rates and prohibiting change in
such rates until $0 daya after public notice,
and limiting the extenelea of the act te one
jrtar.
Adopted a resolution reported from the
Agriculture coaemlttee calling upon the
treasurer! of the Demoerntlc and Rspußil
een national csaupttteen f*r a report on
the centrlbatlene of the ive meet packing
com pa a tea to the political campaigns of
1900 and a luce.
Passed the Smith reeolutlon declaring
agriculture te he basic Industry and in
struct!ug the Interstate Commerce Com
mission to adjuet freight rates on such
commodities at the lowest rates compati
ble with treaaportatioa service.
Passed House Resolution remitting fur
ther payments of the Chinese Boxer In
demnity. . .
Paesed a resolution by Bennter Welsh,
Massachusetts, directing the Tariff Com
mission to make an Inquiry Into the cot
ton textlleJndustry.
The extradition treaty between the United
StatA and Bulgaria algaed March 19, 1924,
was ratified.
With the further appearance before It of
Senator Wheeler, Montana, the bearings of
the committee Investigating the Indictment
of that senator practically concluded Its
Inquiry.
Elections committee hearing the Mayfield,
Texas, case, took up charges of excessive
campaign expenditures by the Mayfield
snpportgtu.
HOUSE- Met at noon; adjourned at 6.20
P. M.
Committee on Elections reported unani
mously in favor of the retention by James
R. Buckley, of Chicago, and Royal C Wel
ler, of New Work, both Democrats, of their
seats In the House.
Conference report on tba Immigration bill
fixes July 1, 1924, as the effective date for
Japanese exclusion.
The Military committee favorably report
ed a bill authorising sale by the Wa>r De
partment of tracts of land now owned by
St In various states.
Rivers and Harbors committee heard
more witnesses In connection with legisla
tion to permit the Chicago drainage canal
to withdraw additional water from Lake
Michigan.
Tuesday. May, U.
SENATE—Met at noon; reeeased at 6.15
P. M.
After two hours of debate the Senate
by one vote failed to pass tbe Burs mu gen
eral pension bill over tbe veto of tbe Presi
dent. The vote wea 53 for passage to 28 to
sustain the veto. Senator Harreld, Okla
homa, changed his vote before the result
was announced; otherwise there would
have been tbe exact constitutional two
tbirda vpte. The bill originally passed the
Senate by a vote of 51 to 10 the veto wae
sustained by 12 Republicans and 16 Demo
crats.
Senator Bursum at once introduced a new
general pension measure amended in sev
eral particulars. It would fix the pensions
of Mexican and Civil War veterans at S6O
a month, an Increase of |lO over existing
basic rates, and grant from S3O to S4O a
month to wldowa, according to their age.
Veterans of the Spanish-American War,
Philippines Insurrection, Boxer rebellion
and various Indian campaigns also would
receive tbe new basic pension.
Senators Smoot, McLean, Curtis, Sim
mons and Jones, of New Mexico, were des
ignated es conferees on the tax revision
bill. Senator Simmons announced that If
the conferees did not protect the amend
ments regardlag surtaxes and normal taxes
and other Important amendments adopted
In the Senate lie would move to discharge
the conferees and select others.
The appropriations committee reported
the Agricultural appropriation bill, carry
ing a total of 466.(154,633. this being an ad
dition of $4,376,899 te tbe Bouse bill and
$11,886,820 less than the appropriation far
the current year.
Considered the army appropriation Mil
and spent the day on the Pittman amend
ment relating to the long and short haul
of the interstate Commerce act.
From tbe Foreign Relations committee
Senator Lodge favorably reported the MU
for reorganisation and Improvement of the
foreign sendee.
By unanimous vote the committee inves
tigating the Indictment of Senator Wheeler,
Montana, decided to claae Ita Inquiry with
out taking further testimony, and Chair
men Borah was directed to draft the com
mittee report at once and submit It for ap
proval.
Farm bloq leaders raid they believed If
tbe House passed the McNary-Haugen
grain export bill the Senate would give Its
approval.
Senator Harrison. Mississippi, favoring
the Ford bid. announced that there must
be aome definite action respecting the de
velopment of Muscle Shoals or there would
be no adjournment , of Congress.
The oil Investigating committee resumed
hearings with Assistant Secretary of the
Interior Finney on the atand. Questions
by Senator Spencer, Missouri, were so re
peatedly blocked by Senators Walah,
Adams and L»dd that Senator Spencer
threatened to appeal to the Senate.
Passed a Mil permitting tbe Secretary of
War to sell and the port of New York au
thority to acquire the Hoboken abort line
railroad-
The Senate passed a Honse bill provid
ing for the holding of a term of the Cnlted
States conrt which ha* jurisdiction of Tea
pot Dome at Casper, Wyoming, and also
*ntborlr.!ng the appointment of a deputy
Cnlted States marshal there.
HOUSE --Met at noon; adjourned at fIJB
P. M.
After an al! day debate paaaed the bill
for the purchase by the government of the
Cepe Cod canal at a coat of $10,000,000 by
a vote of 149 to 132.
Carrying a total of $2,317,000, practically
alt of It for the Department of jHattce. the
■econd deficiency bill of the aeaalon was
renorted by the approprlatlona committee.
Under the term* of a reaolntlon by Rep
resentative Crampton. Michigan, the old
home of den. Robert F. Lee at Arlington
wonld he reatored aa nearly a* poaalble to
Ita condition lu*t before the Clrll War
The Military Affalra committee favorably
renorted a bill to make Fort McHenry, near
Baltimore,.a national park.
Tbe committee Investigating the esae
aaalnat Repreaentstlve Langley, of Ken
tucky, wllf take no action until hit appeal
»>># hk'Ser conrt b*a been decided.
SENATE —Met at noon; recessed at 6
p. m.
Devoted moat of the day to a motion
to attach to the army appropriation bill
an amendment designed to limit the
power of the interstate commerce com
mission in tts enforcement of the long
and short haul of the interstate com
merce act.
Senator Oooding. Idaho, author of
the amendment, warned Republican
leaders to “get the wrecking machine
ready to pick up the fragments after
the November elections" if some re
duction in freight costs was not ef
fected.
Semi tor Norris, Nebraska, charged
also that the rallrouds of the country
were conducting n "gigantic propagan
da" to prevent amendment of the trans
portation act.
The appropriations lommittMe report
tat the second deficiency appropriation
bill with only one minor amendment to
the bouse measure.
The preaidenWprn tempore of the
senate signed the immigration bill and
it has gone to the White House.
Each member of the senute received
a telegram from the president of the
United States Chamber of Commerce
approving the veto of the bonus bill
and urging congress to uphold It.
The Interststc commerce committee
favorably reported the bill to abolish
the railroad labor board, after amend
11 " 111 Inn It so ss to provide that in the event
JCNIOItM MOLD MEETING • railroad strike or lockout threat
leiiiffkaeMu miia , , *ning a transportation tie-JU Ike gov-
WILMINGTON, OHIO. junior ermoent must immediately brine Mi it to
KUiuudm, knight* at the Ku Klu« ihnne the affected roads Into tie (lands
dressed by • |»roralnont Green county from the milltarr affairs commit t«e
,n.»ls.r, who b . m«U, TTh.
of Ike waters oft lie La Plata river was
The committee Inveetirstlnr the Shin-
Mnsr Hoard continue*! If■ Inoulrv Into the
'ill# of ships nt prl##« #iilm#d to h# utti*r
It out n f proportion In thetr set ns) rain#
Tb* Commerce committee ordered m fa
r #»«'•'*> -»fw>rt on th#- Hocll resolution to
Hr# •! lnterstst* Comm#### rnmnH<«lnn
>« Investigate the rsP'osd rata structure
with a vl#*w to a general readjustment.
Wa4»a*«'av, Mar It
*KNATR Mat at 11 A. M In recessed aes
•frtn. fulled tn obtain a quorum and ad
loomnl for 10 mlnutea. reconvened at boor
mil recessed at A , .i5 T* M.
Continued consideration of the army ep
amortatloß Mil. with Ilia flooding rider
leslgued to limit the powers of tbo hilar
itata tSMWMaraa Commission la allowing
railroads to deviate from the long and
short haul requirements of existing law
under debate all afternoon.
Demand was made on the floor by Sans
tors Shields, Tennesaee, and Heflin, Ala
hnma, for a vote on the Ford propsaal for
Muscle Shoals at this saaslon of Cangrens.
Chairman Norris, Nebraska, In chgrffa of
the measure, replied that ha alaa fevered
a vote and said no effort wna being made
ta prevent one. Attacking the Ford pro
poeal Senator Head, Missouri, declared that
Henry Ford la not “the archangel of virtue
that nope people believe him ta be.” and
addad that the development of Muscle
Shoals should b# considered la lb# light
of a simple business proposition.
Speaking on the Gooding rider, Senator
Brookhart, lowa, declared railroad freight
chargee can be reduced $1,000,000 a year
without lowering wages of railway workers
or reducing the Income of investors.
By s vote of 4 to 1 the catasalttea In
vestigating tba Indictment agaalet Senator
Wbeelpr, Montana, held the charges against
that senator were unsupported "by the facta
Senstor Sterling, South Dakota, cast tba
only negative vote.
Informal conferences were held by Demo
crats to determine whether aa lavesdga
tlon should be asked of charges made by
Mayor Curley, of Boston, that a Coelldge
campaign organisation la Massachusetts is
collecting campaign funds on • "no-llmlt'
basis.
The Daugherty Investigating com ml tec
continued Ha inquiry into prohibition an
forcemeat and Issued s subpoena to the
warden of the Atlanta penitentiary to pro
duce Georg# Remus, of Ohio, alleged mil
lionalre bootlegger, now a convict there,
before the committee to testify.
Ratified the treaty for the protection at
American nationals in Syria and the Le
banon, under French mandate.
HOUSE)—Met at noon; adjourned at 5:25
P. M.
Passed a Senate bill proposing an increase
In the number of army non-commissioned
officers available for duty with the national
guard, organized reserves and reserve of
ficers’ training corps.
Agreement was reached by Republican
and Democratic House leaders at a confer
ence with President Coolidge to work for
adjournment of Congress on June 7.
Before the Judiciary committee, consid
ering bills introduced by upward of 50
members of tbe House for modification of
the Volstead act to permit the manufacture
and sale of 2.75 per cent beer, Wayne B.
Wheeler, counsel for the Anti-saloon league,
submitted au extended statement, charging
the sale of beer would “restore tbe saloon."
Republican Insurgents at a conference
voted to seek approval by tha House or
Seuate amendments providing for full pub
licity of tax returns and for a graduated
tax on undistributed corporation profits.
Bills designed to protect Internal water
ways and coastal waters from oil pollu
tion were favorably reported by the Rivera
and Harbor* committee.
Thursday, May V
SENATES—Met st noon; recessed at 5:30
until 8 o'clock for a night session for
consideration of bills on the calendar.
Adopted, by a vote of 09 to 8, the con
ference report on the Immigration bill
providing for Japanese exclusion, effective
July 1 of this year, aad the bill now goes
to tbe President.
Continued discussion of the Gooding
rider to the army appropriation bill relat
ing to the long and short haul clause of
the Interstate Commerce act.
Explaining bis vote on the motion to
override the President’s veto of tbe Bursum
general pension bIU, Senator Harreld,
Oklahoma, denied be had switched bis po
sition, declaring he had first Voted for the
bill on the roll call through a misunder
standing and ifiat It had been bis intention
from tbe start to support the President.
Thomas W. Miller, alien property cus
todian, testified before the Daugherty c*m
mlttee concerning tta conduct of the De
partment of Justice. H. L. Sealfe, former
employee of tbe Department of Justice,
who haa baen responsible for some of the
alleged sensational disclosures before the
committee, admitted under cross-examine
Mon that b« had been employed ivy the
Danirherty committee ns an investigator
at |BOO n weak and that he bad asked
oomneuaatloa of the government far far
nltmag Information in the airplane suits.
Passed • bill authorizing the sale of the
Gasparllla Island, Florida, military reser
vation.
HOUSE—Met at noon; adjourned at 5:15
P. M.
Received the President’s veto of the
soldier bonus bin. A motion by Repub
lican Deader Loagworth that the vote to
pass tbe bill over tbe veto be postponed
was adopted by a yea and nay vote of
179 to 171.
Adopted the conference report on the
immigration Mil, Including Japanese ex
clusion, by a vote of 30S to 58. Before this
action was taken tbe Honse rejected, by a
vote of 246 to 33, a motion by Representa
tive Sabath, Illinois, to recommit the Mil.
Passed tbe second urgent deficiency bill,
carrying an appropriation of $2417,000.
The Rules committee worked ont a plan
to bring the McNary Haugen grain export
bin np for consideration the first part of
next week.
Representative Howard, Nebraska, Intro
duced a resolution for a special congres
sional committee to seek a remedy for tha
present depression In the agricultural In
dnstry.
Tha special committee that Investigated
charges against Representative Zlhnman.
Maryland, reported that truth of charges
that ha accepted a brlba was not estah
llshad. Tha committee unanimously re
ported against any further action.
Twenty-two members of the New Tort
delegation petitioned the committee on
Rule*, asking that the poetal salary bill
he allowed to come before the Bouse at
an early date.
Under the terms of a bill Introduced by
Representative Dyer, Missouri, four addi
tional Judges would he added to the Court
of Claims, thereby increasing the number
to nine.
Friday, May 1«
MRS. ROBERT E. SPEER
Mrs. Robert E. Speer of Englewood,
N. J., president of the national board
of the Young Women's Christian as
sociation.
approved by the irrigation committee
and favorably reported.
The nominations of Lewis J. Pettl-
John. of Kansas; Elmer S. Landes, of
Ohio; Merten L. Corey, of Nebraska;
and Edward E. Jones, of Pennsylvania,
to be members of the Federal Farm
Loan board, all appointed last Decem
ber. were favorably reported by the
banking committee.
The committee investigating the Tex
as senatorial contested election case
recessed until next Tuesday to allow
George E. Peddy’s attorneys to exam
ine the books of the Imperial Palace of
the Ku Klux Klan.
George Remus, of Ohio, alleged “mil
lionaire" bootlegger, now a convict in
the Atlanta i>enitentiary. told the
Daugherty investigating committee the
details ot his business and that he paid
a total of more than $.’05,000 to the
late Jess Smith, of Ohio and Washing
ton. as “protection money.”
HOUSE —Met at noon; recessed at
5:59 until 8 p. m. for a night session
for consideration of bills on the calen
dar.
Chairman Butler, of the naval af
fairs committee, introduced a resolution
asking early consideration of the bill
authorizing construction of eight scout
cruisers and six river gunboats and re
pairs to tbe battleships New York. Tex
as. Florida. Utah. Arkansas, and Wyo
ming.
Senate bill authorizing sale for sl.-
000.000 of the Hoboken short railroad
to the port of New York authority was
favorably reported from the military
affairs committee.
A committee which conducted a pre
liminary Inquiry recommended a con
gressional investigation of charges
against Federal Judge Baker, of the
northern West Virginia district.
Conferees on the interior department
appropriation bill were Instructed to con
tinue their fight to have the senate
adopt the house provision looking to
the purchase by the government of the
Bright Angel trail into the Grand can
yon.
The house passed a bill creating a
government corporation to operate
barge lines on inland waterways, par
ticularly the Mississippi and Warrior
rivers. It would have a capital stock
of $5,000,000.
Saturday, May 17
SENATE—Met at noon: in session
most of the afternoon.
Still in debate over the matter of at
taching to the army appropriation bill
an amendment designed to limit the
power of the interstate commerce com
mission in its enforcement of the long
and short haul of the Interstate com
merce act.
HOUSE—Met at noon; in session most
of the afternoon.
The house took up the soldiers’ bo
nus bill at once and after a short de
bate repassed the bill over the presi
dent’s veto by 313 to 78. which was four
to one. The house originally passed tt
by a vote of 355 to 54. The bill now
goes back to the senate for action, and
If the upper branch of congress re
passes it over the veto. It will beconn
a law without the president’s signature.
The probably will come up in the sen
ate the first of the coming week.
EXIT WILLIAM J. BURNS
Commenting editorially on the resig
nation of William J. Burns, Roman
Catholic, from the Department of Jus
tice, the New York Herald aad Tri
bune says:
“No public regret attends the re
tirement of William J. Burns from
the Department of Justice. For rea
sons that need not be analyzed he
has been one of the least commended
of important officeholders. His con
duct of the Bureau of Investigation
has been a constant source of irrita
tion. More than ever since the de
parture of Attorney General Daugh
erty his presence in Washington has
been unwanted.
“His appointment to the first place
In the Secret Service was justly
criticized. He was unfitted for it by
temperament. His conception of a
detective’s work has always been
melodramatic. Advertisement and
bluster attended all his operatiens.
He seemed to regard the subject mat
ter of his employment in the light,
of a dime novel intrigue. The coun
try has thoroughly tired of the plots
and counterplots through which he
and his satellites appeared to move.
It will be a relief to have ne mere
of Mr. Burns’ strutting on the stage.”
As an indication of how Burns con
ducted the Department of Justice, a
few lines of his testimony before the
Daugherty investigating committee on
May 7 stands out boldly. This is what
he said, as quoted in a Washington
newspaper:
“William J. Burns testified that
Oaaton B. Means, now agent of the
committee, waa being ‘shadowed/
by hla Instructions, at the request
of Federal prosecutors in New York,
but donied that Bonner, the aecrot
agent assigned to the work, had mads
away with the diaries and docu
ments which Means reported had
been stolen.
"He conceded likewise that at
Daugherty's request last March he
assigned a Federal agent ts look up
Senator Wheeler's record, but he
denied with heat that the Baras
Detective Agency had ever entered
Into the service of Qeerge B. Loch*
weed, secretary of the Republican
National Commutes, In Investigating
Mentana Incidents which have led tn
Reactor Wheeler's indictment."
Friday, May 30,1924
HYLAKISM NEAR
END, WALLSTEIN
TELLS G.O.PJEN
Citiiens’ Union Counsel Oofr
demns Mayor’s School, Po
lice and Other Policies.
'ENTIRE RECORD IS BAD’
New York Gets Noise and
Bluster Instead of Serv
ice, Speaker Bays.
NEW YORK, May 11.—Spanking be
fore the Lenox Hill Republican Club,
Leonard M. Wallstein, counsel for th«
Citizens Union, vigorously attacked
the Hylan Administration, declaring
that personal politics, noise and blun
ter bad been substituted for efficiency
and service. “The end of Hylanism
appears to be soon in sight,” declared
Mr. Wallstein, who said in part:
“Thuae who have kept tbVmaalvaa^ In
formed aa to the conduct of tba City Gov
ernment under Mayor Hylan have long
realised what the public la dally appreciat
ing more clearly, namely, that we are
afflicted with a city administration which
aubatltntea personal politics, nolee and
bluster for efficiency and service, which
lnanlts the public intelligence by cheap
buncombe and fhklng protestations of de
votion to the public interests, which at
tempts to cover Its stupidity. Its blunder
ing and its corruption by Indiscrimi
nate vituperation against all but its sat
ellites, its sycophants and Its favorites
and which trusts to public indifference and
blindness to keep it in power.
“The transit needs of the people, to ••
administration of conscience, would be
heeded at the earliest possible moment.
This appeal Mayor Hylan has persistently
ignored. Hie prolongs the public suffer
ing with mol ice aforethought for the de
liberate purpose of turning it to his oww
political advantage. While the people
plead for more subways. Mayor Hylan
gives them nothing but endless, tiresome
screeds, repeating bis parrot prattle about
the ‘traction interests.’
Says Buses Give City Nothing
“His only action on the transit prob
lem has been unlawfully to grant privi
leges for tbe operation of buses to thodd
basking In political favor, obtained by •
rake-off from tbe profits, while no single
cent Is paid Into the city treasury.
“The Police Department under Mayor
Hylau has been k breeding place of favor
itism and Inefficiency. Policemen have
been illegally reinstated as long as tee
years after their dismissal from the de
partment for good cause. When the courts
voided euch relnsatements, special acta te
validate them were log-rolled through the
legislature. Even the commissioner bee
followed the same tad Pcs to obtain a spe
cial pension for himself, In addition te
conducting, with tbe assistance of one of
bie milLionaire special deputies, a success
ful stofk speculation without payment of
• nickel, and to receiving from the same
■peclal deputy a valuable gift automobile.
“Favored individuals in the department
have been promoted without warrant of
law and other favorities here been granted
pensions, which were denied to those whs
were not ‘ln right’ with Enright Officers
shown to be allied with bootleggers con
tinue as members of the force. Transfers
and appointments have been dictated from
the Mayor’s office. Nearly 200 police offi
cer! spend their time playing music and
singing, while a boat of others are as
signed to soft berths in ‘raided premia**/
fkom which eveu now and then they are
mysteriously withdrawn. Meantime, sen ra
tional and spectacular robberies and bur
glaries in bread 'lay light continue un
abated. While the department every day
gives evidence #f lta demoralization, the
Commiksloßer apes the Mayor in vitupera
tion of those woo dare to say so.
Qualified Educators Dropped
“The children of the city are entitled te
tbe best ediK-otloael advantages which
can be given by a competent and a non
poll t4oai administration of tha schools, an
admlidetratlon wldab at the least provides
adequate facilities for the school popula
tion. Nut Mayor Hylan has provided, in
stead, » Board of Education composed,
with a single exception, of rubber stamp
mediocrities. He drives qualified educa
tors out of tbe service, because they refuse
to prostitute their official power to petty
partisan and patronage purposes. He pro
motes those who have powerful political
connections or who are subservient, or
whom be hopes to make subservient.
“He pledged ‘a seat for every pupil,’ bul
tarty he increased the part-time school
population, and all these derelictions ha
attempts to conceal under cover of attack*
upon a mythical 'Rockefcller-Gary educa
tional crowd,' assisted by boasts about
the anoraoous sums of money spent on tbs
schools— net how wisely be has spent It,
but how much. Ho prodigal have been
tbe Hylan sc hap 1 building expenditures
under the supervision of Mayor Hylan's
personal physiols*, aided by an expensive
naff of Mayor Hylan's personal appointees,
that the cost per unit of school building*
today 1* even higher than at tbe time it
was revealed by the Lookwoed committee
that Mayor Hylan was signing Ilettrlck’d
letters on the dotted line.
“The cfcy’a Snarcett, the Hylan Admin
istration has brought to a aorry pass and
the taxpayers' burden It has aggravated
to the breaking point. - The budget fov
this yew, wMch totals |SI7 0.000,000, Is
IKKOOO,OOO, or 58 per oeut., more than
that for 191*. which was the last budget
prepared by the Mitchel Administration.
Cites Blso In TU Bata •
"Notwithstanding an Increase of over
IStOOaeUMNO La tax valuation*, the tax
rate has risen from 2.10 In IMS to 2.74 in
1024 and in I*2l It waa 2.88. Notwith
standing that the Increased realty assess
ments since the beginning of (he Hylan
regime have resulted in an Increase of
tfDO.CQO.OOO In the city’s borrowing capa
city, in additions to the gains from re
demptions during the eame period. Mayor
Hylan Is agitating for • constitutional
amendment which will permit still more
borrowing. While the nation and the
State we bending every effort to reduce
taxation. Mayor Hylan spends his time
devising new schemes for Increasing the
load of elty taxes—Ms latest plan Involv
ing an Increased coot of $15,000400 per
yaar for interest and amortisation, not
withstanding fhe fact that the tax cost
of the city debt today under exlslng con
stitutional safeguards Is higher than ever
before.
"Dally the results of snch maladminis
tration grow more serious. Tha effects
of It will remain with ns for years to
''onto. Mayor Hylan rode Into office on
■ campaign of vicious misrepresentation
■ml abuse. The same devices bare kept
him In office. At length, however, the
pmple, whom he professes to eerve, but
a’hose needs be snwuelessly exploits tv
their lacreeslng discomfort and cost, are
seeing through bis game. The end of
Hylunlsm appears to be eoec In alcbt."
The cross a lot of men curry (a
made of tholr own burdens; the eroM
a good KlauMßau carries la Lho bur
dona of others.
MAT GET CHARTER
BOWLING GREEN, OHIO.- Wood
county Klan hold Ito Arot open-air
meeting near Bowline Groan loot
wook. A largo claw of Candida tgo wae
Initiated TVo organisation oxpoctf
to rocolvo It* chartor In a abort tlmo.
Patronise Fiery Crow Advertiser*