PAGE FOUR
THE MINNESOTA FIERY CROSS
The MINNESOTA FIIRY CROSS is published every Friday by,the Kinpire
Publishing Company. St. Paul. Minnesota, and will maintain a policy of staun> h.
Protestant Americanism without fear or favor.
Krflted, not to make up people's minds, but to shake up people’s minds: to
help mold active public opinion which will make America a proper place to live in.
firws of truth kills more false news and shrivels up more “bunk” than all
fhe earnest arguments In the world. Truth helps to clarify opinions on serious
RooMtions by serious people.
The MINNESOTA FIFRY CROSS will strive to Rive the American viewpoint
mm published articles and separate the dross from the pure fold In the current
■ews of the day.
The Fmplre IMiMUhlng Cs.. %•<'.. Publisher*
Second-class mailing rptes applied for.
Ad\ertlslns Rates Will Re Famished l pun Request
Subscription llnte. by Mall, $2.00 I’er Year
Send all News Items and Address all Inquiries to Box 172, St. Caul. Minnesota
*- - -==
KLAN’S PROGRAM FOR 1924
1. Militant, old-fashioned Christianity and «*|»eratHe*patrlotlsm.
%. Bark to the Constitution.
S. Enforcement of the Eighteenth Amendment so long as It Is a part of
the Constitution.
4. Enforcement of present immigration laws and enactment of more
stringent laws on Immigration.
The Time Has Come
The time has come to act. The time is at hand when Americans must
•top passing the buck. George can’t do it. You. Mr. American Citizen,
have got to do it for yourself, if you think anything of your country and
its future welfare. Do what?
Write or telegraph to your representatives and senators in congress
insisting on the passage of a restrictive immigration bill by congress at
the present session.
In June the three per cent quota law which has been in effect for the
last few’ years, will become void. Unless congress has by that time enacted
further legislation, there will be no means of preventing any and all who
ao desire, from coming into this country.
“But why is congress so slow, in passing such vital legislation?" the un
initiated may ask. Congress is playing politics, playing it for all it is
worth, and then some. This is presidential year. There must be “issues”
with which to gather votes. But in truth, the maneuvers of congress at
present are only causing a smoke screen to arise around the real issues
with which the American people are confronted.
Every section of aliens within the borders of the United States is today
bringing pressure through many channels to bear upon members of con
gress. to defeat the Johnson restrictive immigration bill. Some legislators
are threatened with political defeat by the foreigners within their districts.
Every method known to politics has been brought into play to defeat this
measure, which if passed will make America truly American and keep it
ao for the future.
Native Americans must today play politics also. It is in their hands
that the election or rejection of a candidate for public office finally lies,
and they can decide the issue. These representatives are in Washington
for the avowed purpose of representing Americans, not any particular for
•ign group within the nation. At present, it does look as though many of
them were the special agents of foreign minorities only. For instance, the
decision (probably not arrived at by the congressmen voluntarily) of 20 of
New York state’s legislative delegation to work against the immigration
hill.
Americans have too long been given over to indifference when matters
•f nation-wide repute are being considered. It is true, unfortunately, a.= was
stated in a Washington dispatch some time back, that the average house
holder is more concerned about half a dozen of his neighbor’s chickens
crossing his back yard, than he is about one million illiterate aliens coming
into the country each year.
Let it not be said that the Americans of the middle west have laid
down on the job. Let them not be called shirkers by the Americans in
ether parts of the country who have written and will write or wire their
representatives, making clear their attitude on the immigration question.
Are native-born Americans going to allow the foreign colonies to hold
the balance of power, because they do not do their God-given duty?
There is no time to waste. The facts have been given week by week in
the dispatches of the Washington Bureau of Publication and Education
and all who have read them know that the time has come to act.
laforrn your representatives and senators that you as a native-born citi
xd desire the passage of the Johnson bill or one very similar to it, which
vill restrict the unchecked flow of undesirable aliens into the United
States. Do not be abusive. Be moderate in all you write, and your request
will be heeded more than if you wrote a sarcastic or denunciatory letter.
Klansmen, Americans, write or telegraph today!
Presidential Chatter
Senator Oscar W. Underwood has gone to great expense to get out a
16-page booklet on fine paper, sending it broadcast over the nation to in
fluential individuals and newspapers, setting forth his merits and his stand
an pertinent public questions. *
It will be recalled that Senator Underwood has been at no pains to spare
the Klan much flaying in his public speeches. It has been one of his most
sensational talking points. He has made much of it. In fact, he seems to
to laboring under a sort of anti-Klan mania.
But to return to the senator’s publicity booklet. In the rear, buried
at the bottom of a story on the Know-Nothing movement of the middle
af the last century is found the assertion that the scoring meted out to it,
ton also be applied to the Klan today. And that is the only reference to
the Kian in the entire publication.
Of course there is a great difference between hot air and the printed
urord. It is evident that on second throught, the presidential aspirant de
cided it might be wise to tone down on his rabid un-American talk, and
Iry to carry water on both shoulders as far as possible.
It is no use, for the Klan has the senator’s number.
While talking of presidential candidates, a story entitled “The Tragic
Hiram,” in a recent issue of The American Mercury, comes to mind. The
writer, John W. Owens, points out that Johnson, the one-time fighting gov
ernor of California, has turned sour toward the world since his defeat at
the last Republican national convention. He seems to have lost hope and
hid down like a whipped pup since that time, says Owens.
It is pointed out that Johnson had abundant opportunities to grasp the
Hadership of the Republican party, during Harding’s administration and
tonce, but he has lacked the stamina to do so. He has failed to see his
yoMibilities.
Much was hoped from Johnson when he started his campaign, but ht has
toen so abusive to the present administration, which seems to meet pub-
Sc approval, to a greater degree than most, that his words have had little
effect on the average man and woman.
Hiram is neither a machine Republican, nor a radical progressive. He
aeems to stand in a class by himself and therefore has little following.
In this number of The Fiery Cross is printed a dispatch from the Wash
ington Bureau of Publication and Education in which the issues leading to
the coming campaign and the personalities in it are presented in very
loadable form. It will pay every American to study this dispatch.
It will be noted that the writer states that the junior senator from In
diana, Samuel M. Ralston, is rapidly gaining support and a following as
the Democratic aspirant. It would not surprise the writer if the Demo
cratic national convention was a long-drawn-out affair, similar to the last
Hepublican session, with a dark horse candidate nominated in the end. Bal
aton may be that dark horse. He will bear watching by all voters inter
ested in the turn of national affairs.
The aaine Washington message declares that the opinion prevailing in
•he national capital is that Coolidge will easily carry the Republican vote.
Daily Index to Congress
(Bureau of I'uhlk’itllon amt Filni'atlon)
Muniiii:, February 2.»
SENATE—Met* at noon; adjourned
at 6:07 p. m.
Senator W’alsh, Montana', in n
speech denied that the Sinclair and
l)oheny oil leases were negotiated
under the general leasing act which
he helped enact, as has been charg
ed. but, he said, under a genera!
provision of an appropriation bill
adopted June 4. 1920.
Continued consideration of the In
terior department appropriation bill.
Senate restored an item of $450,000
for the Boise, Idaho, irrigation pro
ject, struck out by the committee.
Senator Edwards, New Jersey, wet
senator, introduced a resolution to
have the Judiciary committee direct
ed to investigate the Prohibition bu
reau. with special reference to the
facts leading up to the shooting ol
Senator Gr«*ene of Vermont.
Senator Wheeler, Montana, asked
unanimous consent to consider his
resolution for an investigation of the
attorney general. Senator Willis,
Ohio, objected and it went over,
C. Bascom Slemp, private secre
tary to the president, told the oil in
vestigating committee about his re
cent visit to Palm Beach and said he
had talked with former Secretary
Fall several times and advised him
to tell the full turth about his oil
leases. Mr. Fall replying that he had
nothign more to tell. Mr. Slemp said
he was on no intimate terms with
Secretary Fall or E. B. McLean, of
the Washington Post. He said fur
ther that the reports he made to the
president did not relate in any way
to oil.
HOUSE—Met at noon; adjourned at
5:05 p. m.
An increase in the estate or in
heritance taxes raising the maximum
rates from 25 to 40 per cent was
adopted by a vote of 190 to 110.
An amendment which would allow
deductions for state estate taxes up
to 25 per cent of the amount of the
tax imposed by the federal govern
ment was adopted.
Opposition to granting Philippine
independence at the present time
was voiced by Secretary of W r ar
Weeks before the Insular Affairs
committee.
Tuesday, February 26
SENATE —Met at noon; adjourned
at 3:55 p. m.
Interior department appropriation
measure, carrying a total of $264,-
000,000 was passed.
aPsed the bill appropriating sl,-
000.000 for farmers of the drought
stricken district of New Mexico to
aid them during the coming crop
season.
Adopted a resolution by Senator
Norris, Nebraska, calling upon the
State, War, Navy. Interior and
Treasury departments and the Ship
ping board for information as to
what former cabinet officials or
former members of c ongress have
practiced before any of them in the
prosecution of claims since January
1, 1918.
The Shipping board reported in
response to a resolution that no plan
was under consideration for removal
of the Washington offices .of -the
Shipping board or Emergency Fleet
corporation to New York.
Ratified a t/eaty of arbitration
with the Netherlands.
Senator Walsh, Montana, replying
to statements issued by the Republi
can National committee concerning
oil leasing legislation, denounced as
lies the charge that he either was
the authtor or voted for the legisla
tion under which the Sinclair and
Doheny leases were made.
Senator Moses, New Hampshire,
read into the record the St. Louifl
speech of Senator Reed, Missouri, at
tacking the former Secretary of the
Treasury Mr. McAdoo. Senator Harri
son, Mississippi, countered by put
ting into the Record speeches by Sen
ator Johnson, California, criticising
the administration of President Coo
lidge.
Senator Keyes, chairman of the
auditing committee, asked unanim
ous consent for consideration of the
Wheeler resolution for an investiga
tion of Attorney General Daugherty
but Senators Lodge and Moses object
ed, and the matter went over for an
other day.
Minority Leader Robinson talked
on his bill to disqualify under spe
cified conditionsany member of the
Interstate Commerce commission,
the Federal Trade commission or the
Tariff commission to participate in
certain proceedings investigations,
etc.
The bill of Senator Norbeck, South
Dakota ,to provide a permanent sys
tem of self-supporting agriculture in
the regions unduly affected by the
stimulation of wheat production dur
ing the World war, was made the un
finished business of the Senate.
Investigation by the SenateS of the
shooting of Senator Greene, of Ver
mont, is proposed in a resolution by
Senator Dale, Vermont, and is design
ed as a substitute for the general in
quiry of the prohibition unit pro
posed by Senator Edwards, New Jer-
The Postoffice subcommittee charg
ed with investigation of alleged Tex
as land frauds, decided to begin the
hearings next week.
HOUSE —Met at noon; adjourned at
6:15 p. m.
By a vote of 191 to 65, a gift tax
was placed in the revenue bill im
posing a graduated scale of rates
from 1 to 40 per cent, with exemp
tion for all gifts under $50,000.
By a vote of 117 to 85, the tax on
cigarettes was increased from $3 to
$4 a thousand.
Voted to repeal the 10 per cent
tax on theater admissions of 50 cents
and less.
Pensions committee voted to re
port the Fuller bill increasing
monthly pensions of civil war vet
erans from SSO to $72 a month and
widows of veterans from S3O to $36.
A delegation of Jewish associated
THE FIERY CROSS
societies protested against the John
son restrictive immigration bill.
Wi'iliiPsdaj February 27
SENATE—Met at 11:45 a. m.; ad
journed at 11:55 a. m. for the pur-
Rnso of attending in the hall of the
ouse of Representatives the mem
orial services of former President
Harding.
The oil investigating committee
read into the Record copies of tele
grams that passed between Washing
ton, Palm Beach and New Orleans
involving persons interested in the
pending hearing.
HOUSE Met at noon; adjourned at
1:25 p. m. after meeting in joint
session with the Senate for the mem
orial services to the late President
Harding. Secretary of State Hughes
was the only speaker, and delivered
an eulogy on the life and services of
the late president.
Republican leaders decided to take
up next week the McKenzie bill au
thorizing acceptance of Henry Ford’s
bid for the Muscle Shoals project
immediately after final action on the
pending revenue measure.
Thursday February 28
SENATE Met at noon; adjourned
at 5:35 p. m.
• Urging adoption of his resolution
for a thorough investigation of the
Prohibition unit. Senator Edwards,
New Jersey, declared in a speech,
that the accidential shooting of Sen
ator Greene, of Vermont, in a chase
of suspected bootleggers in this city
was “typical of the methods pursued
by the national prohibition depart
ment.”
Replying. Senator Willis, Ohio, said
opponents of prohibition were seiz
ing upon the shooting of Senator
Greene as a pretext to make an at
tack upon prohibition enforcement
over the entire country, and added
that nothing was said about the gov
ernment agents who have been killed
by bootleggers.
Senators put in the day discussing
prohibition, the oil scandal, cotton
production, government expenditures,
etc. Wheeler resolution again put
over another day.
Replying to certain criticism of
the oil investigating committee.
Chairman Lenroot, of the committee,
in a brief speech, said court action
in the oil cases might be expected
very soon.
Agricultural committee reported,
without recommendation, the wheat
stabilization bill of Senator Gooding,
Idaho, for a corporation to purchase
grain at a guaranteed price based on
$1.50 bushel for No. 1 Northern
whenever the market falls below that
level.
Interstate Commerce committee
favorably reported the Gooding re
solution ordering the Interstate
Commerce commission to investigate
‘‘railroad propaganda.”
Under a resolution by Senator Mc-
Kellar, Tennessee the president
would be requested to direct the
secretary of the treasury to trans
mit to the Public Lands committee
the income tax returns of H. F. Sin
clair, and each of the corporations
he controls, of E. L. Doheny and the
corporations he controls and of Al
bert B. Fall for inspection as to
money received and amounts paid
for attorney fees and other pur
poses.
The secretary of the. treasury
would be directed under a resolution
by Senator King, Utah, to transmit
a report of the number and names
of corporations who have filed in
come tax returns claiming deduc
tions for depletion of oil wells and
all deductions allowed Under such
claims.
The Immigration committee con
sidering the house immigration bill,
definitely adopted the census of
1910 as the basis for the immigration
quotas under the proposed new im
migration law and decided to reduce
the quota from 3 to 2 per cent.
The oil investigating committee
read into the Record another batch
of telegrams passing between Wash
ington and Palm Beach from persons
involved in the existing controversy
and heard Carl Schuyler, a Denver
attorney, who testified concerning
the agreements between Sinclair
and other parties holding alleged
claims in the Teapot Dome oil re
serve.
HOUSE—Met at noon; adjourned
at 6:05 p. m.
Working on the tax bill the house
eliminated the existing tax of i
cents on each SIOO of promissory
notes by a vote of 101 to 89.
The existing 8 cent tax on each
of playing cards was increased to
10 cents by a vote of 75 to 58. .
Voted to cut in half the 5 per
cent tax on automobile tires, access
ories and parts and to exempt auto
mobile trucks and wagons with
chassis costing SI,OOO or less.
An attempt to restore the 3 per
cent tax on chewing gum was re
jected. ,
The first move to discharge a com
mittee from consideration of a bill
since adoption of the new rules was
made by a group demanding a vote
on the reapportionmfcnt bill, now be
fore the census committee.
Friday, February 2#
SENATE- Met at noon; recessed at
5:45 p. m.
.The Wheeler resolution for an in
vestigation of Attorney General
Daugherty and the Department of
Justice was under bitter discussion
all day, and went over without final
action. The debate revolved around
the question whether the resolution
should designate the members of the
committee or they should be named
by the presiding officer.
Single-handed, Senator Willis,
Ohio, defended the attorney general
and replied to the criticism of Mr.
Daugherty, while other Republican
senators generally remained silent as
the onslaught progressed.
Senator Bruce. Democrat, of
Maryland, broke away from his party
RADICALISM SCORED
DY DDRTON E. SWEET
Senatorial Candidate Decries
Boring From Within
(«. 0. P. Party
SIOUX CITY, IA., March I.—Form
er Congressman Burton E. Sweet and
at present a candidate for senator
from lowa in coffgress, scored radi
calism which seems to hold sway in
things political these days, in a
speech here Thursday night.
The issue of this election as out
lined by the senatorial candidate is
"progressivism against radicalism.”
The boring from within in the Re
publican party, by individuals who
call themselves Republicans, but who
in fact are not, was scored by the
ex-congressman.
In the reconstruction days follow
ing the war, the people are liable to
be lead astray by false prophets and
false propaganda, declared Mr.
Sweet. “The time has come in lowa
for Republicans to clean house, to
look with suspicion upon those who
pretend to be Republicans but who
are not,” he said.
Mr. Sweet declared he was a be
liever in American institutions, was
for a soldiers’ bonus, favored out
lawry of war, was against recogni
tion of the soviet government of Rus
sia, favored the McNary-Haugen ex
port corporation bill and resented
statements reflecting upon the sta
bility of agriculture in lowa.
DORN FIERY CROSS AT
VIRGINIA. MINNESOTA
Speculation Runs ltife When
Symbol of Klan Is Seen
in the Town
VIRGINIA, MINN., March I.—The
Klan’s symbol, the fiery cross, again
was seen by many of this town, and
they are wondering what it meant.
Some say thrt they have heard that
the flaming cross appears wherever
there is an increase of a hundred
members, others insist that the cross
indicates the close of. a special meet
ing wherein Klansmen participate in
an unusually weird ceremonial that
takes place at certain times marked
by the movement of the planets.
And so speculation runs rife. On
jne point all seem generally agreed—
the Kluxers are in their midst. But
who are the members of the Klan?
Nearly every Protestant in Virginia
of any standing at all is thought by
non-Protestants to be a member.
And the Klansmen smile and smile
and smile.
and opposed the selection of the com
mittee by Senator Wheeler because
“every one knows that the author of
the resolution is closely affiliated
with elements of our population
which has particular reasons for ob
jecting to l)r. Daugherty.” He refer
red, of course, to organized labor,
which it is claimed elected Mr.
Wheeler in Montana.
The debate was participated in by
Senators Lenroot, Norris, Stanley.
Wheeler, Heflin, Walsh and others
and was enlivened by numerous per
sonal passages between senators.
The senate adopted a resolution
to throw open to the oil investigat
ing committee all income tax returns
made by Mr. Doheny and Mr. Sin
clair and their oil companies and by
former Secretary Fall.
The oil investigating committee
issued subpoeans for all persons men
tioned in telegrams that have been
read passing between Washington
and Palm Beach.
Former Attorney General A. Mit
chell Palmer testified before the oil
investigating committee concerning
his employment as counsel and den
ied that at any time had he looked
after the interests of former Secre
tary Fall.
HOUSE —Met at noon; adjourned
at 6:30 p. m.
Tax reduction bill, with the Long
worth compromise income tax sched
ule, was passed by the house by a
vote of 408 to 8. It provides for a,
maximum surtax of 37H per cent on
incomes of more than $200,000, and
reduces the normal tax on small in
comes from 4 to 2 per cent. A pro
vision written into the bill reduces
by one-fourth all income taxes pay
able this year.
The Democratic plan imposing a
maximum surtax of 44 per cent, pre
viously adopted was displaced by a
vote of 216 to 199, Republican insur
gents having been won over by the
compromise.
The amendment adopted in com
mittee of the whole, increasing the
tax on cigarettes from $3 to $4 a
thousand, was rejected by a vote of
258 to 163.
When a separate vote was taken on
the Mellon rates they were rejected
261 to 153.
The rules committee reported a
resolution under which the Henry
Ford offer for the Muscle Shoals pro
ject will be taken up for considera
tion next Tuesday, with final action
predicted by the end of next week.
Saturday, March 1
SENATE--Met at noon and in ses
sion all afternoon.
The Wheeler resolution occupied
the stage in the senate all afternoon.
The discussions of same by many
senators were full of enthusiasm but
there was not the bitterness mani
fested as on the preceding day.
HOUSE Met at noon; in session
most of the afternoon.
Day devoted to District of Colum
bia bills and matters of local inter
est only.
Aged Man Founds
Strange College
T. M. MARSHALL
l.etha Watts Memorial university,
recently founded by Mr. Marshall, a
West Virginia millionaire, is prob
ably the only educational institution
of its kind in the world. There is
no certain number of secondary
si hool credits needed to enter the
college. It is established exclusively
f"r men and women who have served
terms in penal institutions and to
give them a new start in life. Mr.
Marshall is 73 years of age.
An Experiment
in lowa
<\n Editorial from the Oklahoma
Fiery Cross)
Persons in the habit of thinking
-eriously about some of the major
'<>cial problems confronting the coun
try today will note with interest the
eugenics feature of the new’ marriage
law now being considered by the lowa
state legislature.
An amendment to the bill which
has already passed the senate pro
vides that the prospective bride and
groom shall subfnit physician’s
health certificates before license
>hall be issued.
“Eugenics” is the general term ap
plied to various plans for protecting
the health and improving the inher
ited qualities of the race through
scientific methods of mating.
It is a known fact that insanity,
epilepsy, feeble-mindedness, as well
as certain so-called social diseases
are transmissible from parents to
children. Realizing this, many soci
ologists have been active in a move
ment for the legal restriction of mar
riage, to the end that adults found
physically or mentally unfit to bring
strong, healthy children into the
world, would be denied the privilege.
Some advocates of eugenics have
gone so far as to argue for a compul
sory sterilization of afflicted adults
and confirmed criminals, and the es
tablishment of scientific mating clin
ics. It is to be regretted that ex
tremists by such absurd theorizing
have brought the eugenics movement
into an ill-merited disrepute with the
public in general.
Scientists are often “one-sided”
people, and so, quite blind to the
human elements in courtship, love,
and marriage, which can never be
controlled or changed by laws, how
ever plausible from the purely scien
tific standpoint.
However, the saner exponents of
practical eugenics seem agreed that
the greatest value of this “science-of
marriage” will eventually be realized
through education.
Havelock Ellis, the English sociolo
gist, and possibly the greatest author
ity on tne subject, warns against
drastic state regulation, and points
out that the problem is not one of
legislation so much as one of educa
tion. The results can be obtained,
he thinks, by teaching people to
“think eugenically.”
The lowa bill, it seems, cannot be
classed as “radical.” Put in opera
tion, it will no doubt help in com
bating the menace of social disease.
It is a sensible step in the right di
rection, aty) we do not think it goes
too far.
The measure was opposed on the
floor of the senate by a number of
Catholic members. The church, which
looks upon marriage as an exclusive
ly religious institution, and refuses to
recognize civil marriages under our
laws, has always frowned upon any
attempts to insure the health of our
citizens before they are born. The
church “which never changes” will
thus be found always a barrier to
progress in this quarter.
But the eugenics theory is sound.
It is sound from the social welfare
point of view; and it is exceedingly
difficult for us to believe that God’s
law would in any way handicap the
well-being or progress of God’s men!
Whether the bill be passed or not,
the attempt at least shows that lowa
legislators are thinking.
Klansmen Donate Fund
to Methodist Church
PLAINVILLE, KAN., March I.
Seven Kluxers recently entered the
local Methodist church, knelt in
prayer, listened to their leader make
a brief talk on the principles of the
Ku Klux Klan and contributed SBO
to the church, after which they re
trod as silently as they entered.
CKESTON. —During the Shepard-
Towner clinic held here last Tuesday
and Wednesday, 54 mothers and as
many babies received treatment from
medical specialists, it was announced
by local sponsors of the clinic.
Friday, March 7,1924
ABBOTT MUBDEB
CASE GOES TO
JUBY MABGH 7
Believe Witnesses Will Pro
duce Sufficient Evidence
to Indict
JURYMEN INFLUENCED?
Two Publip Klan Demonstrations
Held in Pittsburgh Area
Recently
PITTSBURGH, PA., March 1.-The
cases of the 12 men charged in dif
ferent instances with rioting and in
citing riot, in connection with the
fatal assault upon parading Klans
men at Carnegie, Pa., August 26,
1923, will be placed before the Alle
gheny county grand jury here next
Friday, March 7. Included in the
lot are, John Conley, Burgess of
Carnegie; Ira (alias Ike) Irving,
Carnegie constable, and Patrick Mc-
Dermott, Carnegie undertaker.
McDermott was indicted by the
Allegheny county grand jury for mur
der and involuntary manslaughter
Tuesday, February IS, in connection
with the death of Klansman Thos. R.
Abbott, of Atlasburg, Pa., who was
shot in the right temple that fatal
Saturday night at Carnegie.
May Indict Men
The cases of the 12 men were to
have been held by the grand jury
Thursday, February 21, but were
postponed. At that time, postpone
ment was decided upon until the
coming Friday, March 7, at which
time it is believed sufficient testi
mony will be introduced by scores
of subpoaened witnesses to indict
the men.
It has been reported from author
ative sources that considerable influ
ence has been brought to bear upon
the members of the grand jury by
clergymen and laymen in the Roman
Catholic di&cese. At the time Mc-
Dermott was indicted. 13 jurors vot
ed to hold him for court trial. Six
Roman Catholics were on the jury,
and» all voted against indictment, it
is reported.
Two huge and successful public de
monstrations were staged in the
Pittsburgh district last week-end, by
Knights of the Ku Klux Klan from
western Pennsylvania, eastern Ohio,
and northern West Virginia.
The first was at Coraopolis, Satur
day night, February 23. A long and
colorful procession formed by both
robed Klansmen and Klanswomen,
augmented by picturesque floats,
traversed the principal streets of
that community through long lanes
of spectators. Despite the fact that
frigid weather kept thousands away,
it was conservatively estimated by
prominent Coraopolis Klansmen, that
the mid-winter demonstration was
one of the most successful of its
kind ever held in western Pennsyl
vania. A class of candidates was ini
tiated into the order by members of
the Wilkinsburg, Pa., degree team.
They made the trip from Coraopolis
to Wilkinsburg in a chartered street
car.
Hold Klan Wedding
A Klan wedding, the first of its
kind in the Coraopolis community,
was one of the outstanding features
of the evening.
The next demonstration was held
at New Castle, Monday night, Febru
ary 25, when members from'western
Pennsylvania gathered and paraded
the principal streets of the New Cas
tle and Sewickley districts. A brush
with a group of “antis” was averted
at one point in the procession, when
the leader of the parade ordered the
group to move off the line of march.
The leader, said to be a member of
the East Liberty Klan, took a
drastic stand against the opposite,
and it is believed his prompt action
prevented any trouble.
A KLANSMAN'S CREED
I believe in God and in the ten
ets of the Christian religion and
that a godless nation can not loiig
prosper.
1 believe that a church that is
not grounded on the principles of
morality and justice is a mockery
to God and man.
I believe that u church that does
not have the welfare of the com
mon people at heart is unworthy.
I believe in the eternal separa
tion of Church and State.
I hold no allegiance to any for
eign government, emperor, king,
pope or any other foreign, politi
cal or religious power.
/ hold my allegiance to the Stars
and Stripes next to my allegiance
to God alone.
I believe in just laws and liberty.
I belurve in the upholding of the
Constitution of these United States.
I believe that our Free Public
School is the comer stone of good
government and that those who are
seeking to destroy it are enemies
of our Rejrublic and are unworthy
of citizenship.
.1 believe in freedom of speech.
/ believe in a free press uncon
trolled by political parties or by
religious sects.
/ believe in law and order.
/ believe in the protection of our
pure womanhood.
I do not believe in mob violence,
but I do believe that laws should
be enacted to prevent the causes
of mob violence.
I believe in a closer relationship
of capital and labor.
/ believe in the prevention of
unwarranted strikes by foreign la
bor agitators.
I believe in the limitation of for
eign immigration.
/ am a native-born American cit
izen and 1 believe my rights in this
country are sujterior to thom‘ of
foreigners.