Friday, May 23,1924
Digest of National News for Fiery Cross Readers
A Weekly Mirror Of Congress
Daily Activities of Your Senators and
Representatives
(Bureau of Publication and Education)
Monday, May S
SENATE: —Met at noon; receaaed a* 6.25
9. M
Democratic surtax rates In the tax re
fUloo bill were adopted by a rote of 43
do 40. Republicans and Insurgents who
twined the Democrats were Brooithart.
Uwa; Fra/der, North Dakota; Hewell, Ne
•raska; Johnson, California; Dadd, North
Dakota; Norbeck, South Dakota; Norrris,
Seb raska; Bruce, Maryland, and Edwards,
ew Jersey, Democrats, voted with the
•publicans.
The Democrat substitute on the normal
(acooie tax rates was adopted by a vote
Sf 44 to 37. This was supported by Sena
hers Brookhart, Capper, Johnson, Califor
nia. Ladd, Norbeck and NorrU, Republt
gans and insurgents. Bruce and Edwards.
Democrats, voted with the Republicans.
Chairman Smoot, in charge of tax bill,
tetlmated that he would move to hold
alght sessions. Minority Leader Robinsou
countered with a declaration that the
Democrats were not desirous of delaying
action on the revenue measure and were
paddy to proceed with a vote on the bill
dad all amendments Immediately.
As agreed to, the normal rate on In
gomes below (4,006 would be 2 per cent., on
Incomes between (4,000 and (8,000, 4 per
dent., and on Incomes of more than (8,000,
4 per cent.
The Democratic plan as adopted calla
for a reduction In the maximum surtax
•ate from 50 to 40 per cent
Passed the bill providing for codification
dad revision of the laws governing the
Veterans' Bureau.
Another unsueessful effort was made to
got action on a resolution for Investigation
a t published charges that Senator Gooding,
Idaho, was favored In loans by the Wsr
flnanco Corporation.
Republican conference decided to take
dp measures looking to farm relief after
Do passage of the revenue bill.
Passed a bill appropriating (40,000 for
participation by the United States In the
second international conference for tbs
mgulation of traffic In habit-forming
drugs.
An Increase of (800 a year In the sal
aries ef postal clerks aad carriers was
Ibcemmended In a bill reported by the
Poatofflce committee aa a substitute for
the measure prepared by the joint postal
senference.
HOUSE— Mat at noon; adjonrned at
CL4S P. M.
Utilising its new rules for the first time,
jhe House, by a vote of 194 to 181, dis
charged the committee on commerce from
ißrther consideration of the Barkley bill
|e abolish the Railroad Labor Board and
drought It before the House.
By a vote of 197 to 172 the House de
eded to take It up for Immediate consid
eration and by a further vote of 193 to
4d3 ordered that the House proceed aa In
committee of the whole for consideration
1 1 the measure.
Then followed a filibuster on the part
the opponents of the measure. Motions
|e adjourn were voted down, and at a lata
dear the House was attempting to de
termine the amount of time that should be
Consumed for general debate on the bill.
Adopted a motion by Representative Bark
ley, antbor of the bill, to limit general de
bate to three hours by a vote of 165 to
ISA
Tuesday, May S
SENATE Met at nosa; recessed at •
r. m.
Political speeches forced the tax Mil
aside for the day. Republicans In confer
ence armed to seek a compromise with
(he Insurgents on the surtax rates, mak
ing their last stand at » maximum of %1V»
per cent., the rates of the House bill.
The light over Investigation of the In
ternal Revenue Bureau and Secretary Mel
lon was resumed when Senator Jones, New
Mexico, called up his resolution authoris
ing the Investigation committee to employ
special counsel and such other agents as
(he committee deems necessary. This was
adopted later la the day.
Chairman Watson. Indiana, of the ape
dal Investigating comlttee, announced he
had “no present Intention of ever press
ing” hla resolution to discharge the com
mittee from further consideration of the
•abject before it, and added that he had as
•bjectlon to adoption of the Jones resolu
tion.
In the debate the administration was de
aounced and defended, and when Senator
Sheppard, Texas, introduced a letter bear
ing on the subject of Prohibition enforce
mcot the discussion went off on that
tangent and became bitter.
Senator Watson declared the country
was tired of Investigations and weary of
• situation "in which Innuendo, suspicion
and spite take the place of the measured
rules of the law In determining facts.'
Senators Watson. Indiana, and Walsh,
Montana, got Into a tilt when the Indiana
Senator declared that after the Twspot
Dome case had been presented to the eenrt
that the committee “went far afield for
political issues for campaign purpose*.”
The discussion was participated In by
Senators Robinson, Arkansas; Bruce,
Maryland; Fletcher, Florida; Watson, In
llana; Norris, Nebraska; Reed, Pennsyl
vania Jones, New Mexico; Edge, New Jer
sey; McKellar, Tennessee, Sheppard
Texas, and Willis, Ohio. Most of the
•peechos were aimed at Prohibition and Its
enforcement.
Minority Leader Robinson denounced a
recent published statement of Oeorge B.
Lockwood, secretary of the Republican No
ll on *1 Committee and editor of the Na
tional Republican, and demanded he be
brought before a Senate Committee to ex
plain his attacks on the Senate.
When Senator Watson charged the Dem
•crats had decided to prevent »n adjourn
ment for the national convsntlons, Sena
tor Robinson replied that "if legislation
that the country considered essential Is
roanploted" Congress will be able to ad
lourn “for that national calamity—the Re
•uhlican convention."
The Senate adopted the Jones resolution
for employment of counsel for the com
mittee Investigating the Interns! Revenue
• ureuu. The tax bill was again taken up
»nly to be laid aside for consideration of
the appropriation bill for the Departments
if JiiMth’e. State, Commerce and Labor.
The Public Lands Commutes ordered a
favorable report on the resolution for a
ion g res si on aH Inquiry Into the whole aub
tect of land grants to the Northern l*a
rifle Railway Company
Agreement was reached under which
passage will be sought of ths resolution
»f Senator Walsh, Massachusetts, for an
luiiilrv into the depression | M textlh
Industry,
Senator Itorah pr opiates an amendment
a existing law un let ahiep more d"«tilc
provisions would be enacted for the pub
lication of reports of all elections and
campaign committees of campaign con
trlbutlims, Including contributions to make
good deficits.
Senator Norris, Nebraska, charged that
polities la being played la efforts to have
Henry Ford'* bid for Muscle Sboals ac
cepted. In co maxi tee he had Inserted in
the record • copy of the minutes af a meet
ing of the Tennessee River Improvement
Association held la March, 1923, la which
the president of that organisation waa
quoted as saying that Representative Mad
den, of Illinois, had promised to see that
representatives selected aa mem bars of
the Military Affairs Committee would be
i'avovale to the Ford offer.
HOUSE—Met at nooa; adjonrned at 5.12
P. M.
Passed the District of Columbia appro
priation bill, carrying a total of approxi
mately (24,000,000, including the Crampton
amendment appropriating (800,000 for
street Improvements, to be met out of
motor vehicle gas receipts. The bill
abolishes the 80 40 plan of financing the
District and provides for a fixed appro
priation by the Federal Government of
15.G00.000.
.Speaker Gtllett ruled that farther con
sideratlon of the Barkley bill to abolish
the Railroad Labor Board must be de
ferred for two weeks and that It cannot bo
considered until the next suspension day.
Conferees on tho immigration bill
reaebed an agreement under which Japan
ese exclusion will bo retained la the meas
ure, but wHI net become effective until
July L Two per cent of the censna of
1890 waa agreed upon as the foots basis,
to continue nntll July 1, 1807, when the
so-called “national origin method** will be
employed, total sdmlssion, however, being
restricted to 156,000 annually from that
date.
Secretory Weeks asked Congress to en
act legislation authorizing the honorable
discharge ef minors who enlisted for
world war service end were Inter dis
missed.
Charles R. Brewer, special assistant ts
the Attorney General, who made the ln
veetigation of the Bureau ef Engraving
and Printing, told the committee Investi
gating oharges of irregularities that he
could prove there had been duplication of
government bonds to a value of at least
(1,000,066.
Wednesday, May 7
SENATE—Met at neon; In seeslsn mast
of the afternoon.
Senator Gooding, Idaho. In a speech on
the agricultural situation, charged the
government “profiteered" In Ita wheat
trsnssctlons daring the war.
Senator Harris, Georgia, urged an In
crease In income tax exemption for per
sons of moderate means.
Senator Lodge asked unanimous consent
for consideration of the child labor con
stitutional amendment upon completion of
the tax bill, bnt Senator Wadsworth, New
York, objected to any agreement at tkls
time.
Ssnator Sheppard, Texas, lntrodnoad
several measures designed to make more
drastic the laws relating te exclusion from
the malls erf fraudulent devices and lot
tery paraphernalia.
The Military AfTatra Committee favor
ably reported a bill that would authorise
the President te appoint Sergeant Alvin C.
York, world war hero, as a captain In the
army and place him on the retired Hat.
Chairman Borah, of the committee In
vestigating the Indictment of Senator
Wheeler, Montana, nrged all persons barr
ing Information which may aid the com
mlttee, to submit tbelr evidence.
Responding to White House Insistence,
conferees on the lp nigratlon bill recon
sidered their previous action on Japanese
exclusion and will report a provision to
make Japanese exclusion effective March
t. 1925, with an understanding that, mean
time, » formal abrogation of the gentle
men's agreement sll be negotiated and a
treaty entered into, to be approved by the
Senate.
James Martin Miller testified before the
Agricultural Committee that he truthfully
represented the attitude of the President
when he wired Henry Ford that the execu
tive was "trying to deliver” Muscle
Shoals to the Michigan manufacturer.
Chairman Norris Issued » statement in
which he charged that Ford was attempt
ing to "shift the attention of the public
from the real Issue.” and said he would
continue hla fight “to save to the people
the valuable Inheritance of our national
resources.”
HOUSE—Met at noon; adjonrned at 8.02
P. M.
Adopted a resolution relieving China
from further payment of the $(1,000,000
Boxer Indemnity dne to the United States,
wtth a provision that the funds thns re
leased are to be used by the Chinese gov
ernment for educational purposes
Passed Senate bill appropriating $30,000
and authorising the President to appoint
a commission to co-operate with Mexico
In planning for the equitable distribution
of waters of the Rio Orande for lrrlga
tlon purposes.
T. McCRAY, governor
” of Indiana, who was convicted
in a federal court of ualng the
mails in furtherance of a scheme
to defraud. He resigned his office
and went to prison for ten years.
Boy Scouts of the national oupital opened forest protection week with a big parade consisting of *co.
bugle and drum corps and alt the trim
mings The parade was reviewed by
President Coolldge and scout officials
from the west steps of the executive
offices, shown In the picture.
REPUBLICANS LOSE
CONTROL OF REINS
IN BOTH HOUSES
Insurgents Help Solid Demo
cratic Minority Put Over
Measures.
REAL WORK IS IN SIGHT
Coolidge Using Veto Pen In
Face of Election—His Posi
tion Uncomfortable.
(Bureau ef Publication and Education)
WASHINGTON, May 10. Con
dress la buckling down to lta job; it
dreads the equatorial season in
Washington and Is showing signs of
doing some real work In the days
before June hits us and is making
an effort to adjourn in time for both
national conventions.
In addition to passing
tion bills both houses of Congress
have disposed of the pension bill, the
bonus bill and the immigration bill.
The President promptly vetoed the
pension bill and its author. Senator
Bursum, is counting noses to sae
whether he can get his bill passed
over the veto. The commander-in
2hief of the G. A. R. has declared
the President’s veto is both eruel
and unjust to the old soldiers of the
country.
It is likewise believed that Presi
dent Coolidge will veto the soldiers'
bonus bill. His position on the
bonus question leads to that predic
tion. He made a public declaration
last December in his message to
Congress that he was not in favor of
a bonus and said that the Treasury
could not reduce taxes and carry the
bonus at the same time.
The President has a precedent In
mind, that of President Harding
vetoing a former bonus bill. Mr.
Harding also vetoed the Pension bill.
That has helped Mr. Coolidge make
up his mind to some extent. It is
predicted here that Mr. Coolidge will
not wait long to take action on the
bonus bill and that he is pretty cer
tain to veto it on the ground of econ
omy. If he does exercise the veto it
is believed that Congress will at
tempt to pass the bill over his veto.
President Unhappy
President Coolidge is believed to
be unhappy in the situation in which
he finds himself and his party. He
is troubled over the substitution of
Democratic measures for the Mellon
plan which he so strongly advocated
as revenue measures. The Mellon
plan seems to he gone. In the House
the Garner revenue measure was
adopted as a substitute and now In
the Senate one finds the Simmons
substitute adopted over the Mellon
plan.
The President Is not so unhappy
>ver the difference in the plans as
far as rates are conoerned, but he
does not relish the Idea of the grave
political situation which has been
brought about by the coalition of
Republican Insurgents and the Dem
ocrats. In other words the Republi
can party has just as good as lost
control of Congress in both houses.
La Follette In Saddle
This state of affairs has placed
Senator La Follette, of Wisconsin,
completely in the saddle so far as
legislation is concerned He has a
little hand of seven, eight or nine
■mnators in the Senate who will do
his bidding: when they loin the
Democrats as they have been doing
the regular Republicans are beaten.
•id !n (ho Howce ’he L» Follette
crowd has a larger hand, almost the
of Ire Wisconsin delegation and
some others. They, too, have Joined
imbs with the Hi mo rats on numer
als occasions and can control the
aituatlon there.
That la why it Is pointed out that
Senator Lu Follette ml lit control In
•vent of his being at the heed of c
third party thla year, e pnetnily 5
•he election should he thrown (at*
) I ■MvV ■■ ■ I mW 11 Mmam Hi i
Forest Protection Boosted by Boy Scouts
THE FIERY CROSS
MAKING MORE ENEMIES
Representative La Guardia, the
Italian congressman from New
York, who made himself so unpop
ular on the immigration hill In his
numerous attacks on it, la now
devoting himself to another scrap.
Ho has Introduced in the House a
resolution asking Congress to pro
test against the imprisonment of
De Valera. At a public meeting for
the discussion of thia subject La
Guardia said that his courage in
presenting the resolution, which he
felt was right In the sense of jus
tice, has made him decidedly un
popular In certain quarters. He
declared that despite this he be
lieves that under the circumstances
attending De Valera’s arrest and
Imprisonment, the United States
should Intervene.
the House for settlement, which is
not Impossible.
New Rule Works
The new rule in the House of Rep
resentatives warks, as It was tried
out here this week in the Barkley
bill, which seeks to abelish the Rail
road Labor Board, In the settling of
disputes between the railroads and
their employes. Mr. Barkley, a
Democrat, was supported by his solid
party and also by the Republican in
surgents la the House and he carried
the day by taking away from the
Honse committee oa Interstate Com
merce his bill because as he alleges
the committee would not act on it.
This naw role means that a bill oan
no longer be smothered in commit
tee. The regular Republicans op
posed tha bill, but were dafeated,
losing control of the House on that
measure.
Another Dilemma
President Coolidge is on the horns
of another bad dilemma and that is
the tax or revenue bill. He was
beaten In trying to get the Mellon
plan adopted. Just what he will do
when It reaches him for signature
is not known. He will not cross the
tax bridge until he reaches it.
Of course, when the tax hill goes
to conference another heroic effort
will be made by administration lead
ers to get concessions from what is
now contained in the Democratic
substitutes and we will have to wait
and see how the President and his
leaders In Congress come out on that
proposition before an accurate pre
diction can be made.
THE NEGRO AT WORK I
The negro la developing a stronger
race consciousness. Why not? Isn’t
it better to have a strong race consci
ousness than a weak one? Isn't it
better to develop the best phases ol
race consciousness and use them in the
building of moral and mental stamina
than to strangle and to smother the
instincts of ethical right and of safe
self determination?
Sixty-three organizations of negroes,
represented by three hundred dele
gates, have unanimously approved an
organization called the Negro Sanhe
drin. Professor Killy Miller, of How
ard University, is the leading spirit.
According to his statement the San
hedrin will meet bionnially. It will
function by means of a “national ex
ecutive committee, a commission of
public information, and special per
manent commissions of experts on the
more important phases of race inter
ests.'’ Such subjects as public health,
education, labor, politics, women's
movements. Inter-racial-relations, busi
ness, fraternal organizations, cul ural
programs and race movements will oc
cupy the attention of the Sanhedrin.
The distinct office of the org.miza
tion will be in ti.e direction of self
help and self direction. Professor
destined to inaugurate on the large
scale a new phase of race life—name
ly, the period of self-help and oigan
ized co-operation toward dischuißing
our share of responsibility, direction
and effort in the solution of the race
rtltuatiuii in America.’’
One ladder Is ennurh —If It Is not
the wrong one The Klnn'a ladder Is
right. Ms minds are self-denial, failu
end conHix ration It Is a good one to
use when climbing toward the tress
GOOLID6E SITTING
EASY, NOMINATION
NOW WRAPPED UP
But Who Is To Receive Vice-
Presidential Plum At
Cleveland?
DEMOCRATS IN A RACE
No Present Candidate Able To
Muster Strength—Mr. Ral
ston In the Spot
(Bureau of Publication and Education)
WASHINGTON, May 10.—It ia all
over bat the shouting so far as the
Cleveland cob rent ion la concerned.
President Coolidge has the nomina
tion in his vest pocket now and all
Interest from now on centers on who
Is to receive the second place on the
ticket.
Of one thing be assared and that Is
that the nomlnaton for vioe-president
is going to a middle west or a far
western man, a Progressive preferred,
if it can be arranged. And the Re
pnblicans have in mind the very
antithesis of Calvin Coolidge for his
running mate. No conservative need
apply for second place and no New
England man or even an Eastern man
has a look in, Judging from the way
those things go in politics.
Political talk now for second place
is centering around former Governor
Lowden, of Illinois; Charles G. Dawes,
also of Illinois; Senator Capper and
Henry J. Allen, of Kansas; Senator
Borah, of Idaho, former Senator Bever
idge. of Indiana, and men of their
type. A former Progressive will have
a much better chance for second place
on the Republican ticket this year than
ever before as the conservative wing
of the party is seeking to hold the
Progressives in line and that is one of
their ways of wanting to do It
With The Democrats
But with the Democrats —that la en
tirely another story. The very op
posite situation exists from that of the
Republicans. No man living can pre
dict with any degree of accuracy the
man who will receive the Democratic
nominaton in New York two weeks
later than the Cleveland convention.
No candidate now running Is anywhere
lear the two-thirds line.
Governor A 1 Smith, favored by the
wets and pushed by his Roman Cath
olic friends for first place, hasn't a
ghost of a chance ef being nominated,
tlthough his friends are making lots
of noise. Governor Smith can’t be
nominated because of his religious
views and affiliations and because of
his wet ideas. It would be political
suicide for the Democrats even to
think of such a thing and the Demo
cratic party is not going to throw its
chances in 1924 to the winds so easily
as that.
McAdoo, Underwood, Davis and oth
ers prominently mentioned and active
in running will all make a good show
ing, but they will not be able to get
over that two thirds hurdle which is
good and high. Therefore, it looks
as though a dark horse might be push
ed to the front and win In a whirlwind
finish that will be enthusiastic and
noisy. All Hoosier Democrats will
claim this means Ralston and Ralston
is considered a mighty good bet.
200 YEAR OLD HOUSE
BOUGHT BV HENRY FORD
LYNN, MASS.—Workmen are tear
ing down a house of eight rooms on
the Rurrill place, in Swampscott, the
building to be reconstructed on H»nr>
Ford's place. 8t Sudbury, where he
recently opened the Wayside Inn,
The house In among the oldest In
Massachusetts, erected more th:in 200
years ago and occupied since then hy
descendants of !rf><-ne/.er Rurrill, one
time Chief Justice of the ftuprsui*
Court of Rhode Island. The saim
handmade nails will be used in the
reconstruction
His Heart Is With The Klan
West Virginian Makes Plea for America for Americana
—Says He Is Not a Klansman.
(Bureau of Publication and Education)
WASHIN TON. May 10.—A man at
Huntington W. Va., has written to the
Bureau of Publication aad Education
at Washington saying that he la not a
Ktausmau but stands for the things
that the Klan espouses. If he is not
a member he. ought to be judging from
the sentiments expreaaed in tha let
ter. He writes, in part, as follows:
“I want to say I am not a member
of the K. K. K. or any other order, but
I have talked the things the three K’s
stand for all my life.
“America for Americans. Protestant
ism, our glorious public Bchoels,
against private and Parochial schools,
put the Italians out of both bouses of
Congress in Washington, let Amerioans
run America, etc.
“I am el old Colonial and Revolu
tionary stock; Was born in the C. S. A.,
but had to wait 11 years before I could
vote. Foreigners can come In kero aad
vote long before onr American boys;
that is not fair or right.
“There is only one thing I hold
against the K. K. K. and that is they
N
BUSY-BODY AMERICANS
Ne Amerlean aver gets very far with
tbs Turks. The case of Dr. W. 8.
Dodd, of Koala, illustrates the fact.
His standing as a physician is un
questioned in America. But In his
ndependsnt work in Koala he has kad
rouble. He is charged with various
tint* ef malpractice by the Turks.
The charges are trumped up. But
Vngora does not interfere. It Is nst
lealtky for Am Orleans in Koala. The
Turks, vs are feojd, would be afraid
:o treat an eminent Englishman or
Italian aa they are treating Dr. Dodd.
When the Turks tried to force an Ital
ian doe tor out oC Constantinople seme
lime ago, Mussolini seat them an ulti
matum. Immediately the Italian doc
tor's stock rose to par. It la net ss
with Dr. Dodd.
But here is Iks pslud sf the moral:
ff Dr. Dodd ware practicing his pro
fession in the United States he would
be Is as danger and the Stats Depart
mast would not be besieged with de
mands “to deal with the situation.”
Why force as Amerio&n or English or
rtallaa doctor down Angora’s throatT
Why Ash in forbidden waters when
you have a well-stocked bass pit at
borne? Forever aad forever Americans
insist upon atieklng their noses into
Aowsrpots sf other people thus prick
ing tkemselves es thorns that are none
of their concern. It is much better to
cultivate one’s own vegetable garden
than to dig spuds across the line until
our neighbor objects, and then wail
for the constable.
Charles Sumner hooked together
the ideas of Christian injunction and
the Declaration of Independence and
sailed it the “Democratic idea.” Could
democracy be founded on a nobler
basis?
The Klansman reverences the pure
womanhood of his country and strives
to hold it up in the light of a holy
ideal.
MR. COOLIDGE
THINKING
Presidsnt Coolidge has put some
wonderful thoughts before the peo
ple recently. You htar him saying
the same things the Klan has been
preaching insistently for months.
“Listen: “Fundamentally, Amer
ica Is sound. If America wishes to
maintain Its prosperity it must
maintain Its ideals." And again:
“The danger to America Is net In
the direction ef the failure to main
tain its eeonomic position, but In
the direction ef the failure to main
tain its Ideals.'' It Is good to feel
that the president of this common
wealth sees the essential point of
attack In battling for the best
things of America.
VfRS. NETTIE M. CLAPP, Ohio
legislator, is chairman of the
committee of women for G. O. P.
national convention in Cleveland.
PAGE SEVEN
do not shoot back enough when ottiei
people shoot at them. It is a dirty
shame when Americans can not haw*
an order of their own in their tw.
•onatry while every Tom, Dick ail
the devil from overseas who oomea
over here can start an organization
here to carry on ther propaganda.
That’s all right In their estimation but
Americans must not retaliate. Rot on
such argument. Too many of our fool
people pat those kind on the back.
“If the pope, and the ‘gang’ decide
against the Oregon school bill both
houses of Congress should act and pass
a law attending to them for non-Amer
ican interference.
“There are many Americans in this
country Just like myself who do noC
beleng to the K K. K., but are with
It heart and soul. We are with it in
spirit and sympathy and stand for the
same things, talk for it and willing
to fight for it if it ever becomes neces
sary te do so.
“I for one believe we ought to havo
a good American third party with good
Americans at the head of It. Let's go."
INSURGENTS JOIN
REPUBLICAN MOVE
Begins to Look Like Congress
Will End Session Within
Thirty Days.
(Bureau of Publication and Education)
WASHINGTON. May 10.—Someth 1 1*
has happened In Washington. Things
have changed and It begins to look
moro and more like an adjournment
ef Congress yet this month or early
neat month, so that members can get
away from their legislative duties ia
time to attend both national conven
tions in June.
This change ef heart on the part of
a good many members ef Congress
hag some about rather suddenly and
moat of them are wondering why. It
la said the insurgent Republicans have
Joined hands with the regular Repub
licans in this move and this is an un
usual thing at this session as the in
surgent have been voting with the
Democrats most of the time.
The Democrats are Inclined to hang
on and try to make all the political
capital for the campaign they can pos
sibly manufacture, bat the insurgents
have parted company with them on
this proposition, and they will veto
with the regular Republicans to dean
up the legislative slate and make a
quick get-away from Washington with
in thirty days.
With the insurgents and the Repub
licans united on this move they can
bring about an adjournment when they
want to. The insurgents tbemselvso
admit this change of front and they
profess to bo ablo to see no reason
why Congress should tarry here much
longer. They seem to be as anxious
as the regulars to get back home and
spend the summer talking to tho
voters.
The insurgents bars not quarreled
with the Democrats r.nd they are not
disputing their sincerity; they are slm
ply going their own way and pursuing
their own ideas. They seem suddenly
to want to get home and get out among
the voters and give them explanation*
of their conduct and get the ground,
ready for harvest which will come next
November.
Thus it begins to look like adjourn
ment by the end of this month or the
first of next month.
THE IMMIGRANT LOAD
A few Boston people are getting
awake to the fact that the foreign
born have added a load to the hos
pitals of Massachusetts. Statistics
point out that during a considerabls
number of years the per cent, of for
eign born living in Massachusetts has
averaged approximately 46 and that
of aliens 25. In a population of 19,19#
in Massachusetts hospitals on October
1, 1923, 45 per cent, or 8,639, were
foreign bora, and 25 per cent, or 4,80#
were aliens. The cost of caring for
the foreign born, baaed on maint*
nance expenditures, for 1923 was ap
proximately $2,977,119.40 and the cost
of caring tor the aliens was
imately $1,663,965.23. These figures
make clear the fact that If the foreign
bom population could be removed
from the Massachusetts institutions at
least five hospitals for defectives could
be closed up permanently.
If aliens alone were removed, three
institutions could be closed up. These
data are offered by no less an au
thority than the Lieutenant Governor
of Massachusetts, Alvan T. Fuller.
Just how long the refuge of the
refugees will remain open to the
weaklings of Europe is a question t#
evoke the betting proclivities of sport
ing gentlemen.
As They Are Built
Klan observers noto that Europe’s
early drift toward potentialities has
t eased. In point of fact ths racial lik
utinct of the old world Is always te*
wards monarchy. It Is no wondsr that
Afghanistan and Iraq cling to the
sceptre of kingly right—it la no wo»
tier that Persia, who flirted with r*
IMihlicaslsoi returned finally to tho
idea of moaarchial will. They are
built that way, and as Qod created
them so Ist them stand.