PAGE FOUR
THE MINNESOTA FIERY CROSS
The MINNESOTA FIERY CROSS published N*verr Friday l«y the Kmplre
Publishing Company. St. Paul. Minnesota, and will maintain a policy of staunch.
Protestant Americanism without fear or favor.
Edited, not to make up people's minds, but to shake up people’s minds; to
help mold active public opinion which will make America a proper place to live in.
News of truth kills more false news and shrivels up more "hunk" than all
the earnest arguments in the world. Truth helps to clarify opinions on serious
questions by serious people.
The MINNESOTA FIERY CROSS will strive to give the American viewpoint
on published articles and separate the dross from the pure gold in the current
news of the day.
The Empire Publishing Co.. Inc.. Publishers
Second-class mailing rates applied for.
Advertising Rates Will Be Furnished I'pon Request
subscription Rate, by Mall, *2.00 Per Year
Send all hews Items and Address all Inquiries to Bov 172. St. Paul. Minnesota
- =• *!§&*' =■ v -- ■ '
KLAN’S PROGRAM FOR 1924
1. Militant, old-fashioned Christianity and operative patriotism.
2. Rack to the Constitution.
S. Enforcement of the Eighteenth Amendment so long as It Is a part of
the Constitution.
4. Enforcement of present Immigration laws and enactment of more
stringent laws on Immigration.
Mr. Ryan Proves a Point
Voicing “fear for the future of democracy" in America, because of the
move now being made throughout the country to regulate education and
strengthen the public schools. James H. Ryan, writing in the Atlantic
Monthly, asserts that the Catholics “feel that they have a real grievance
against the state" and would regard further moves along this particular
line, as “religious persecution.”
Although the article is cleverly written, it fails to explain just why the
Catholic church should be so concerned about the furthering of facilities
for education in America. That is, why the Catholic church should be
put in the position as resenting any move made to standardize and pro
mote education. The entire article was, in reality, a protest against the
system of education as planned in America, although the system may not
be operating to the best advantage at this time- to certain influences pnd
just such articles and propaganda as the one in question.
‘The state, even at its best,” declares Mr. Ryan, “is mechanical, wooden,
soulless, and the education it supplies is so tinged and colored by me
chanical ideas that it would be little short of miraculous if it succeeded,
as a general rule, in producing anything superior and individual.”
Inasmuch as the foregoing condemnation is made of the public school
and Catholic parochial school is so well spoken of by the writer, it can
only be surmised that the whole article is written in defense of the
Catholic opposition to the public school. ‘There is no valid reason” de
clares Mr. Ryan, “why the state must educate all children in public schools.”
In those words the writer upholds the Catholic idea most emphatic ally.
Peculiar as it may seem. Mr. Ryan, despite his other statements, says
that “democracy is essentially a religious ideal.” In that statement he
lays himself open to so many questions that it would take columns of space
to reply to them. That is, he does because of the fact that he makes it
quite apparent that he favors the Catholic parochial school and finds much
fault with the public school.
Democracy is a religious ideal—but wholly a Protestant ideal. This is
not a prejudiced statement, but is based on absolute facts which Mr. Ryan
can not refute. America is a Protestant nation and the first republic to
exist. It has used the public school system for education. For Mr. Ryan
successfully refute the statement that democracy is wholly a Protestant
ideal, he would be forced to name countries known as Catholic countries,
wherein the Catholic church has held full sway, that are democracies. This
Mr. Ryan cannot do, as no such countries exist.
If, as Mr. Ryan states, “democracy is essentially a religious ideal, why
has not the world democracies where the Catholic church has ruled for
centuries and wherein there has been naught but Catholic education? There
fore, as America has had universal education, or a public school system, and
is a Protestant country,, a republic, should not Mr. Ryan have said that
democracy is “essentially a Protestant religious ideal?”
“Nothing," says Mr. Ryan, "could be more dangerous to the continuance
of our democracy than a national system of schools.” To substantiate this
statement, the writer says that it would “engender bitter prejudices, dis
trusts and even hatred among certain important groups.” Just who does
the writer mean by “important groups?” He has already said that the Cath
olics would resent such a move to strengthen the public system of educa
tion; does he mean that the Catholic church is so bitter against the system
of education in America that its members are filled with hatred and dis
trust because America would strengthen and better education facilities in
the United States?
To lend weight to his argument Mr. Ryan says: “A policy which would
close the doors of Harvard, Yale and Princeton, because they are private
schools, condemns itself by the weight of its own unreasonableness.” It will
be noted that Mr. Ryan did not include Notre Dame or other Catholic col
leges among those who are to have “their doors closed.” Possibly he had
several reasons for that, but two of the chief reasons may have been to
try to make it appear that certain interests were working to close Potest
ant colleges (and thereby throwing unthinking Protestants into the ranks
of those who oppose public education) and, by inference, that the plans to
improve the public schools included the closing of Catholic colleges.
Mr. Ryan resents “with all his soul the unjust imputations of disloyalty
hurled at one particular religious school—the Catholic school.” After this
show of resentment, Mr. Ryan declares that it is “unfair, unjust and im
moral," to stamp as disloyal the products of an education the very founda
tion of which is authority and respect for authority.
“No one,” he says, “has a right to cast unjust suspicions on the democ
racy or patriotism of Cardinal Gibbons.” Just why the patriotism of Car
dinal Gibbons should be a subject of discussion is not made clear, but in
asmuch as the writer has chosen to place Cardinal Gibbons into his article
and declares, even though negatively, that the Catholic church dignitary
has democracy at heart, he can only place that church in the position of
not being loyal to the teachings of Rome, because Rome has proven through
centuries that she does not favor democracy for the reason stated above.
Cardinal Gibbons’ patriotism is not a matter of discussion. A man’s view
on democracy and his patriotism to his country are two widely separate
things.
Mr. Ryan states that “George Washington openly favored religious train
ing.” Every American knows that and every true American favors relig
ious training. However, these facts have naught to do with the question
on which Mr. Ryan wrote. The injection of George Washington’s name into
his article was as far fetched as that of Cardinal Gibbons. To make his
appeal effective, he should have shown that Washington favored Catholic
parochial schools. This Mr. Ryan did not do—for obvious reasons, chief of
which no doubt, it would be hard for Mr. Ryan to find where Washington
declared in favor of Catholic parochial schools. However, Mr. Ryan tried
too hard, it would appear, to leave that impression.
Taken all in all, Mr. Ryan’s article proved but one thing, and that is
that the Cathblic church is opposed to universal education as it is known in
America—and prefers the same system of education it has used for centu
ries in the illiterate countries of Euiope today.
STATESBORO, GA., Feb. 19.
Statesboro Klan was host to more
than 600 visiting Klansmen at a gen
eral get-together meeting here last
Wednesday evening. The chief of
staff of the Grand Dragon of the
Realm and the Great Titans of Prov
inces two and three were present and
delivered addresses. The meeting
was purely social and was held for
the purpose of bringing the Klans of
Screvin and Bulloch counties into a
closer union. Until the advent of
the Klan, the two counties had in
dulged ,in much bitter political ri
valry. ✓
With the current issue “Dawn”
widely known as “Klandom’s most
representative magazine,” suspends
publication to give way to the “Illi
nois Fiery Cross.” The new publica
tion, operated under the supervision
of the Klan’s Bureau of Publication
and Education, will be an eight page,
seven column newspaper, and will
support the policies of the great
patriotic organization. The Bureau’s
news dispatches from the national
capital, feature articles by special
writers, and state happenings will be
among the most interesting matter
in the paper.
Sparks from the Fiery Cross
By JOHN EIGHT POINT
“The noblest motive is the public good.”—Virgil
Very often the Klansmen are all
dressed up and KNOW where to go.
• • •
The Klan is the POLLS-star of the
ship of Americanism.
• • •
The darkest hour, Klansmen, is
only an hour.
• • •
The slacker in local politics
who can hide behind the thin
skirts of rich grafters and high
er-up crooks is too thin an Amer
ican to look well in Klannish
spring styles.
• « •
The man who wants to go to work
For the Klan arid you and me.
Can hop right in--he needn’t call
An employment agency.
• • •
Manxmen, all Is not God that
glitters be not misled l>y vain Iniag
tilings.
• • *
In this conflict of the Klan against
an unreasoning hatred and an un
wavering prejudice, success will be
on the side that has the most field
workers.
• * •
We seek to make the title of
“Klansman” the most honorable
among men doing what we teach;
living what we preach. Ours is the
noblest lineage; ours is the most
sacrificial teaching—therefore ours
must be the noblest and most sacrifi
cial lives. See us as we are—as we
strive to make ourselves heroic
knights, even as the visored knights
of old times who went about doing
good. We are faced by complex prob
lems; we are defamed by those who
refuse to recognize our exalted pur
pose in the moral as well as political
and educational phases of life. Yet
we go on undaunted to a victory that
means an America restored to the
ideals of our fathers. No effort upon
our part must be spared. “We sacri
fice to serve.”
• • *
To a Klan Enemy
How doth the little busy sneak
Improve each passing day.
By knocking hard the joyous Klan
To those who cross his way.
How skilfully he spreads his lies.
How ceaselessly he toils;
Each time he sings a song of hate
With hell he shares his spoils.
In works of labor and of love
I would be busy, too;
I’d send this worthless animal
Down to the Boston Zoo.
• * *
Awake at Last
Philadelphia has at last felt the
powerful finger of a real Mean-up
man. In the “city of brotherly love”
great changes are coming off daily
which will go far toward refining the
quality of love that has been an out
standing type for some time. The
white-slave trade is now becoming a
down-trodden industry. The immac
ulate lives of the Philadelphia sops
are being illuminated by the search
light of actual investigation of police
conditions. And the heroic medicine
that is being prescribed by the mayor
and his effective little co-worker is
to last for a year. Certainly the
crooks and demimondaines will all
hike for New York, where the weary
cease from troubling at dawn and the
wicked are at rest the entire twenty
four hours of the day.
* • *
“For Some Time to Come”
In commenting on the recent state
ment of the archbishop of Canterbury
to the effect that the differences be
tween the Roman Catholic church and
Anglicism are so great as to “prove
for some time to come insuperable,”
the Catholic Union and Times of
Buffalo says: “You will notice that
the head of the English church re
marked, ‘for some time to come in
superable,’ which is another way of
admitting that the day will dawn
when the difficulties will be removed
and the Anglicans will humbly ask
admittance to the fold which several
centuries ago their forefathers de
serted.” Humbly ask —ah! A very
pleasing statement .and quite worthy
to appear in the editorial columns of
certain Protestant religious (?) pa
pers that seem, at the present mo
ment, to be excessively unbiased.
* • e
Saner, president of the Ameri
can Bar Association, is against
prohibition. That is sad. A law
yer, one would think, should
stand hard by the constitution.
Saner says that George Washing
ton used to drink. True; but
George Washington was incapa
ble of speaking against the Con
stitution of the United States.
Mr. Saner should not grow in
sane r.
e * •
The house immigration committee,
as all know, reported favorably on
an immigration bill which would lim
it the number of immigrants to a 2
per cent of the number of foreign
citizens in the United States in 1890.
The existing law is based on 3 per
cent of the number of foreign citi
zens in this country in 1910. Any
law that reduces the opportunities
of the undesirables to get into Ameri
ca is good as far as it goes.
• • •
Unnecessary Distress
Most Klansmen are proud of a na
tionalism which exalts our flag, our
government, above other govern
ments. Most Klansmen find difficulty
in understanding why, when charity
should begin at home, so many “ad
vanced religionists” are distressed by
our Klannish desire to serve our own
first. Certainly the country could
not bind itself to outside dictation in
any matter touching a free people.
Our‘rights and duties are not deter
mined by foreign opinion. Certainly
he would be a poor man who did not
hold his own possessions a little dear
er than the possessions of others. If
he believes his government best, a
Klanaman should not be afraid to say
THE FIERY CROSS
so. American ideals woven into some
of the European warrants might lift
a king-ridden peasantry a notch or
two above degredation.
• • •
The Seven Symbols
Behold the Book.
The kind of Book
That is guide to age and to youth;
Behold the Cross,
The kind of Cross
That lights the fires of truth!
Behold the Flag.
The kind of Flag
For a flag-loving man like me;
Behold the Sword,
The kind of Sword
Unsheathed for liberty!
Behold the Water,
The kind of Water
That’s a symbol of unity;
Behold the Rohe,
That’s the kind of Robe
That stands for purity!
Behold the Visor,
The kind of Visor
That's knightly and American;
It is the sign
Of unselfishness
Of the Knights of the Ku Klux
Klan!
• • •
Greater love hath no man non
sllba sed anthar —“not for self, but
for others.”
• • •
The Great Tradition
Scholarship has been called “the
great tradition.” It kept learning
alive through centuries of barbarism
and sensuality. It held despotic rul
ers from absolute brutality, and it
kept tottering courts from unspeak
able savagery and debauchery. What
happened was bad enough, but with
out the guiding star of scholarship
the destruction of humankind would
have seemed certain. And yet, the
Klansman believes that there is a
greater tradition than the tradition
of scholarship. And he hopes to greet
the day when it will be nurtured irf
the bosom of universities no less than
in humble homes. This greater tra
dition is common sense. Scholarship
touches life at many points, but com
mon sense guides, informs and disci
plines by its logic and sanity in a
thousand ways which scholarship can
not reach. Common sense sizes up
life’s problems, discounts plausible
arguments, digs into motives, and is,
in brief, the scientific method or idea
applied. The Klansman who nurtures
common sense in his daily life and
who sees to it that his children are
brought up according to its dictates
will solve many of the statescraft
problems of the inevitable future.
* * *
Pressure Groups
The attention of the Klansman
should be called to a new term just
coming into use among sociologists
and politicians. The phrase is “pres
sure groups,” and refers to organi
zations that for good or even evil
purposes maintain a kind of “lobby,”
seeking to persuade legislators of
national or state authority to do
what they think the nation or state
should do in respect to their indi
vidual aims . Some of these “pres
sure groups” may be useful in pro
moting good government, and as such
their lineage is undoubtedly an hon
erable one. If they organize public
sentiment to insist on progressive
legislation, they are direct descend
ants of the barons who faced King
John at Runnymede and forced from
him the Magna Charta —nay more,
they are of the race and caste that
flooded Independence Hall at the
most momentous period in the New
World's history.
• e e
Exit, Little Jokers
Tammany, of course, approves the
Lindsay anti-Klan bill, but congress
will not pay any attention to such
miserable rubbish. At best the meas
ure would also react against the Ro
manist. The very penalties provided
to operate in the persecution as well
as prosecution of the Klan can easily
be construed to fit a Catholic. It
must be apparent to all that it is
the Romanists who are carrying on
the battle, not the Klansmen, who are
at present largely interested in a
Program of moral and political uplift.
he cited act is referred to as the
“Anti-Intolerance Act,” but it un
doubtedly belies its name, for it is
filled with little jokers of the most
hideous and intolerant type.
e e *
Serving the World
Social unrest is said to be the prod
uct of the finest idealism the world
has ever known. It is pointed out
that without social unrest there can
be no substantial progress. It is even
asserted that the Bible . indiscrimi
nately. teaches men to forget these
things* which are behind and to reach
forth unto those things which are be
fore. And all of this sounds most
beautiful. But the danger is that
too great unrest will plunge civiliza
tion itito an abyss just as was done in
historical cycles now long vanished.
Without a substantial anchor made
fast in the glorious facts of a splen
did past, we might easily pass from
the irritation of disturbed social vi
sion to the chaos of anarchy. Klan
nishness affords a check upon doubt
ful motive and unconsidered, ui)-
American restlessness. Klansmen rec
ognize that some of the restlessness
comes not alone from “fine idealism”
but from rank touch with the de
based social systems of Europe. The
war served to draw America into a
closeness that could only result in a
besmearing of American purity of
purpose with the dregs and inks of
the Pit. If those thinkers--that word
is complimentary!—who perpetually
harp upon the necessity of American
nearness to Europe would onlv take
their feverish carcasses to foreign
shores, leaving Americans to the
peaceful development of their lives
according to American principles,
the whole world would be served.
Klan Presents Pastor
With Illuminated Cross
HUTCHINSON, KAN., Feb. 19.-
Eight men in the full regalia of the
Ku Klux Klan entered the South
Hutchinson Christian church here re
cently during the services and pre
sented the pastor, Rev. Hugh C.
Gresham, with an illuminated cross.
The gift was accompanied with a
note expressing appreciation of his
work. Reverend Gresham expressed
his thanks for the gift, praised the
work of the great American organi
zation and after a prayer and an ap
propriate song the Klansmen left
the church and disappeared.
The (treat Difference
The Roman Catholic apologists
claim the following things for their
church. (1) The church is the med
iator between God and man; (2)
the church is the “regulator” of re
ligious belief; (3) the church is the
“director of conscience;” (4) the
church is a “confraternity of serv
ice and an organ of world-wide prop
aganda.”
A little thought makes clear that
this type as church is imperialistic
and that, on the' other hand, the
Protestant faith is democratic. Prot
estantism, however viewed, begins
with a protest from the imperialism
of super-imposed authority both in
faith and practical working. The
Protestant does not recognize the
church as authority. His working
warrant is the Word of God—the
Holy Book. He accepts as mediator
no ecclesiastical organization—Jesus
Christ is his Mediator and Savior.
The Protestant church is not in
“authority.” but an association of
like minds who believe in God and
His Son. As someone has said, “The
genius of Protestantism is the con
sciousness of the believer that he is
an independent personality with
needs and rights of his own. God
and His soul stand sure though all
else perish.” Upon this understand
ing and in this consciousness, the
Klan makes its approving effort fell
along religious lines. This is the re
ligion of our fathers.
* * *
The Klansman will note that
there are HOUSE-cleaning com-
mittees and house-CLEANING
committees —also that some of
the committees resemble strik-
ingly the enterprising servant
girl, who, when she cleans sim-
ply sweeps the dust beneath the
bed and draws her pa/.
• • *
The anti-Klan plank will certainly
crack under the weight of a man
like Oscar Underwood.
* * *
Hideous Blasphemy
If we urge our congressmen to
support a constitutional amendment
to forbid child labor in the United
States, we shall nobly serve unborn
generations of white Aryan children.
Millions of little folks will grow to
adult manhood and womanhood with
out deformed spines and stunted
mentality. It is the duty of every
Klansman to remember that man
was created -in God’s own likeness
and that undeveloped, soul-starved,
overworked children are in them
selves a kind of hideous blasphemy
of God and His purpose.
* • •
The Racial Jungle
An opponent of our way of think
ing urges a sickly kind of immigra
tion law which shall name as one
of its features the creation of a per
manent commission—not a bad thing
in itself if the commission be the
right sort—and declares, “Obviously,
if we are to have any immigrants at
all, we want those of native force
and ability.
If we understand the esoteric
meaning of the mystic words, “native
force and ability,” our judgment is
that we do not want that sort of
immigrant in America at all. There
is a great deal of native force about
an anarchist or a communist. It is
far better, for example, to do with
out the discoveries of a Steinmetz
mind than to harbor an un-American
mind that at first pressure is ready
to fly to the relief of the Bolshe
viki.
We believe that clarity of expres
sion in weighty matters is an ex
cellent rule. We should amend the
foregoing declaration to read, “If
we are to have any immigrants at
all, we want those who will be best
able to absorb American ideas and
fit into American modes of life and
thought." Europe, with its wars and
intrigues, at the present moment,
is a glowing example of what haj>-
pens when people of low moral fiber
and “native force and ability” mix
in a racial jungle.”
* • •
Aspiration
You meeta Giovanni,
Da musica’ man?
Heem playa da harpa,
Heem smash da pian’.
Heem graba da mona
Wherevra heem can —
But, oh, San Pietro,
Heem scareda da Klan!
Heem scareda da Klan, f
Folksa geeve heem da chance.
For plays da harpa,
For maka dem dance,
An’ heem dem stuffa
“Emported from France,”
Da bootleg heem hide
Een da hippa heem pants.
But da Klan spoil heem bizna,
Da maka heem seeck;
Da watcha heem gooda
Each night een da week;
Heem eemigrant x papras
Da say ees de sneak—
Da no let Giovanni
Make mona so queeck.
Now, poor Giovanni,
So nobla, beeg man,
Wanta do ver’ mos’ good
Like da great ’Merican;
But do won’t let heem sella
Da booza so gran’,
An' heem blame it all onto
Da Ku Kluxa Klan!
* • »
The Female Is .More Deadly
Now that we come to think of it,
Mrs. Catt has denounced the Mon-
Lost Out On Bok
Peace Plan Prize
FRANK HKNKICK
Having lost out on the Bok peace
plan contest, Mr. Hendrick, a New
York lawyer, makes direct charges of
unfairness and collusion in awarding
the prize. The League of Nations
Nonpartisan association and the Wo
man’s Pro-League council combined
to ha\e the prize awarded in favor of
their ideas, the lawyer charges.
roe doctrine. Her curse is almost
as long, loud and reckless as the
celebrated and highly-cananical curse
of the Jackdaw of Rheims. Our idea
is that the lady should make her
anathema even more complete—she
should include the Declaration of In
dependence and the Constitution of
the United States.
* * *
What One Catholic Says
It can do no harm to give the
broadest publicity to the fact
that F. Hugh O’Donnell, a Roman
Catholic, member of parliament,
blames the priesthood for the
Irish situation. His words, in
which he denounces the age-old
Roman political method, are red
hot with sincerity. Mr. O'Don
nell, in a recent speech in Lon
don, exclaimed: “Material ruin
has accomplished.clerical despot
ism. The priesthood have pau
perized as well as demoralized.
Their ascendancy has been al
most synonymous with ignorance,
invercity, mendicancy, indi
gence, dishonesty, slavery and
sloth. What they did not steal
they have spoiled. They have
traded on social revolution; they
have sapped the bases of nation
hood.”
* * *
Ogling and Droning
Anton Lang, the famous protagon
ist in the Passion Play, says that
Americans are too busy to be truly
happy. Our memory of Oberammer
gan is that the village from which
Mr Lang hails was so drowsy and
dull in bygone days that life con
sisted mainly in sleeping through
the best • hours of the twenty-four
and drinking beer the remainder of
the day. Undoubtedly the Bavarian
outlook could never be ours. What
is happiness? Doing a little wood
carving, perhaps? Performing a
ceremonial because of an ancient
village superstition? Possibly. And
yet there are those of us who be
lieve that the joy that lies in leisure
leaves a dark brown taste in the
mouth. As Americans who are striv
ing to lead industrious, God-fearing,
useful lives, we may be losing many
of the sleepy delights of the slow
moving European peasant. The Klans.
man, however, knows that the man
who goes to work with a will, in
terested in the spiritual and educa
tional uplift of his nation, has a bet-
A KLANSMAN’S CREED
I believe in God and in the ten
ets of the Christian religion and
that a godless nation can not long
prosper.
1 believe that a church that is
not grounded on the principles of
morality and justice is a mockery
to God and man.
/ believe that a church that does
not have the welfare of the com
mon people at heart is unworthy.
/ believe in the eternal separa
tion of Church and State.
1 hold no allegiance to any for
eign government, emperor, king,
pope or any other foreign, politi
cal or religious power.
/ hold my allegiance to the Stars
and Stripes next to my allegiance
to God alone.
I believe in just laws and liberty.
I believe in the upholding of the
Constitution of these United States.
I believe that our Free Public
School is the comer stone of good
government and that those who are
seeking to destroy it are enemies
of our Republic and are unworthy
of citizenship.
I believe in freedom of speech.
I believe in a free press uncon
trolled by political parties or by
religious sects.
/ believe in law and order.
/ believe in the jyrotection of our
pure womanhood.
/ do not believe in mob violence,
but / do believe that laws should
be enacted to prevent the causes
of mob violence.
I believe in a closer relationship
of capital-and labor.
I believe in the prevention of
unwarranted strikes by foreign la
bor agitators.
I believe in the limitation of for
eign immigration.
1 am a native-born American cit
izen and / believe my rights in this
country are sujjerior to those of
foreigners.
Friday, February 22,1924
KLANKRAFT
Klankraft adds to the temporal
law and spiritual law the impera
tive obligation of a contract. Up
on crossing the portals of a Klan,
the “alien" binds himself to ev
ery Klansman on earth. Once en
rolled among the Klansmen, every
Klansman upon earth becomes his
brother, ana owes him the duties,
the kindnesses, and the sympa
thies of a brother. On every Klans
man he may call for assistance in
need, protection against danger,
sympathy in sorrow, attention in
Sickness, and decent burial after
death. There is not a Klansman
on earth who is not bound to go
to his relief, when he is in danger.
No Klansman can wrong him to
the value of anything, knowingly,
himself, nor suiter it to be done
by others, if it be in his power to
prevent it. No Klansman can
speak evil of him, to his face or
behind his back. Every Klansman
must keep his lawful secrets, and
aid him in his business, defend his
character when unjustly assailed,
and protect, counsel, and assist his
widow and his orphans. What so
many thousands owe to him, he
owes to each of them. He has sol
emnly bound himself to be ever
ready to discharge this sacred
debt. If any Klansman fails to do
It that Klansman is dishonest and
forsworn; and it is an unparalleled
meanness in him to obtain good
offices by false pretenses, to re
ceive kindness and service, ren
dered him under the confident ex
pectation that he will in his turn
render the same, and then to dis
appoint without ample reason,
that just expectation.
Klankraft holds each Klansman
also, by his solemn promise, to a
purer life, a nobler generosity, and
a more perfect charity.
It teaches him to love his race
and country, to be ardent in his
zeal for the progress and advance
ment of holy America and her in
stitutions. It teaches him to be
ardent in his zeal for the advance
ment and progress of the Protest
ant Christian religion.
—A .Muscatine Klansman.
ter time during his working hours
than the languid European ogling
his way to boredom on the Riviera
wdroning hi. life out in a peasant
* * *
Catching the Fever
G-i Smedl *y Butler, of the Ma-
Who Was summoned to
Philadelphia to clean the city of
bootleggers gamblers and badmen
of all kinds, seems to be an extra
ordinary sort of Pied Piper. When
fook W np St M ? VCn the hard ened cops
Of k l So'"SSS ° Ver !,l eir shoulders
sal ? ons J ,n Philadephia 973
have been closed and the nepped-up
police are after the rest. The Phila
?v ?o S Kla rr* n , nOW smiles sweet
£ himself in the glass. It is re
ark*h|e how many of the great
d good people in the country are
grabbing the Klan idea. “Cleaning
up is a contagious thought.
Comparison of English
and American Schools
(Scottish Rite News Bureau)
WAOTWGTON. D. C., Feb. 19.-
skv in »A d,,n - ° f h° ndon univ«r
viniJ a . ddr u es sing the annual con
vention of the Oregon State Teach
anH ri?ff° C,atlon ’- s t, owed similarities
and differences in British and United
States schools in a highly original
manner. He said, in part:
American schools offer to their
pupils education a la carte. In Eng-
WC u ,Ve them the COUf se table
* n h ? te ; Her * 7 ou a| low them to pick
StLSnn J here * We give them the
things that have for so long been re
themd n nd Ji? Sist that the y take
oth*»r tK- Wlt . h ,° ut turning aside for
ter th,ngS that the y may like bet-
JUV° Ur ? e Btud y in th « Unit
ed Mates is the more practical,
while that in England is more classi
cal and more in accord with the
traditions of the pupils’ forbears.
schoolmasters are more in evi
dence in England than in this coun
try where so many women teach.
In England there is a schoolmaster
to every women teachers, while
in the United States the proportion
“ , one to eight. It would be desir
able to have more men teachers in
the upper grades and in high schools
of this country, not because women
teachers are less efficient than men,
but that boys, as they grow older,
need the contact with and direction
by men.
“However, in my opinion, the
charge sometimes made that the do
minance of women teachers in our
schools has tended to make youth
effeminate is not borne out by the
facts. Best evidence of this is the
fine character of the young men who
went from the United States to fight
in the World war.”
Klan Revival Services
Conducted in Indiana
LEWANON, IND., Feb. 20.—A ser
ies of meetings announced as a “Klan
Revival,” is being conducted here un
der the leadership of the Rev. W. W.
Roberts, an evangelist of Crawfords
ville. The programs are religious
and the public is getting the oppor
tunity to learn more of the princi
ples of the Klan movement. The
musical features are under the di
rection of a singing evangelist of
Ohio. The First Christian church, by
unanimous vote, issued the invita
tion to the Klan organization of the
county to hold the services in the
Christian church.
With the local Klan thoroughly or
ganized and in a flourishing condi
tion, a farewell party was recently
held for the organizer at Kent, O.
The affair was attended by several
hundred Klansmen and Women of the
Klan, and a large class of candidates
was initiated.