POSITIVELY NO CIIUOMuS
The DANBURT News.
FOR 1874.
Containining every week FORTY COL
U.MNt of choice reading mat
ter, printe.d ,o clear, hIand
some type, :inl line
whi;te pper'
| lIE NEWS is ecditcd by the Danbh -
.L ry News -;anI; is contributedl to ,by
(eorge Alfred Towlnsentl, the chief of
Ne wspaper (orrespondents, and other
excellcnt. vwriters, who will furnish fresh
correspoltde,,e friom the leading cities,
andl eolltribulte to the editorial eolhtmns.
The NEW',S has its own Selienitiie,
Fashion, Chess and Puzzle editors ; pulb
lishes the best original nmatter, the best
mniscellany, and the freshest and best
mliscellany, and the freshest a111l lIest
stories. In all its delpart,:u ents it is
edited with scrupulous care, and. is, ill
consequenl:o one of the best Faiily
Journals published. Sample Colpies free
-send for one.
TERMS OF' SU1SCRIlITION:
One Year.......................... 2.00
Splcial rats Lto: Postmlasters andlclubms.
BAILEY &. DONOVAN,
)llthury, Colnn.
IwHarper's Periodicals.
JIAiPER'S MAGAZINE.
There is no miontlily MaIgazilei an iºi
telligent reading thnlily can less aollrd to
be without. Many Magaziices arie lc
cumnulated. llarper's is edited. There
IN not a Magazine that is printed which
shows mtore intelligent t pains expanded
on its articles and Imechanical execution.
There is not a cheaper Maga:zine phb
lished. There is not, confessedly, a
Ilmor popular Magazine iii the world
[New England lolnmestead.
A repository of biography and history,
literature science and art, uneqiualed by
any other American publication.-[NYew
York Standard.
The most popular, and, in its scheme,
the most original of our Magazines.
[Nation.
IIARPER'S WEEKLY,
A Journal of Civilivation.
The best publication of it class in
America, and so far aheads of all other
weekly journals as not to admit of any
comparison between it and any of their
. number. Its columns contain the finest
.collections of reading matter that are
printed. * " * Its illustrations are
numerous and beautiful, being furnished
by the chief artists of the country.-[Bos
ton Traveler.
Harper's Weekly deserves its primacy
in this class of publications, alike for the
value of its reading matter and the ex
#'ellence of its illustrations. The edito
rials on public affairs are models of dis
cussion, weighty and temperate, support
ing high principles in an elevated tone
and a chastened literary style.-[Exami
ner and Chronicle.
IIARPER'S BAZAR,
A Repository of Fashion, Pleasure
and TInstruction.
It is really the only illustrated
chronicler of fashion illn the country.
Its supplements alone are worth the sub
scription price of the paper. Whlile
filly maintaining its position as a mir
ror of fashion, it also conltains stories,
poems, brilliant essays, besides general
tnud personal gossip.-- [Boston Saturday
Evening Gazette.
There never was any paper published
that so delighted the heart of woman.
Never mind if it does cost you a new
bonnet; it will save you ten times the
price in the household economy it teach
sca.-[Providence Journal.
TE RMS:i
For Harper's Magazine, Weekly and
SBazar.
llarper's Magazine, one year $i 00
Harper's Weekly, one year 4 00
IIarper's Bazar, on year 4 00
]Harper's Magazine, Harpler's Weekly
and Hlarper's Bazar, for one year,
$10; or any two for $7.
An extra copy of either the Magazine,
Weekly or Bazarl will be supplied gratis
for every club of five subscribers at $4
each, in one remittance; or six copies
fur $0, without extra copy.
The postage within the United States
is for the Magazine, 24 conts.a year; for
the Weekly or Bazanr, 20 cents a year,
payable yearly, semi-yearly, or quarterly,
at the ofllee where received.
In remitting by mail, a postofliee or
der or. draft, payable to the order of
Harper & Brothers, is preferable to bank
notes, since, should the order of draft be
lost it can be renewed, without loss to
the sender.
Address HARPER &. BROTHERS,
- New York.
The Largest and Best and Cheapest
Paper in the World is the
TOL80 DLADI
NASBY'S PAPER.
(Fifty-six Wide Columns 8 pages.)
For $150 per year, in Clubs I
With Boohs almost given away!
1E Specimen copies sent free, to any
address. Send for a epecimen and exam
ine it.
Cjp Nasby writes his Political Letters
exclusneively for the Blade. Address
LOCKE & JONER,
Toledo, Ohio.
S Ayer's
Hair Vigor
For restoring to Gray Hair its
natural Vitality and Color.
A dressing
which is at
once agreea
ble, healthy,
and effectual
for preserv
ting the hair.
It soofn re
stores falied
or gray hair
to its orir'inwl
color, with the gloiS ai idfr..shwi'ss of
youth. Thin hair is thickemL d, flil.
ing hair checked, anld ialdness often,
though not always, curod by its
use. Nothling can restore the hair
where, the follicles are destroyed, or
the glands atrophied and decayvd;
but such as remain can be saved rby
this application, and stimulated into
activity, so that a new growth of
hair is produced. Instead of fouling
the hair with a pasty sediment, it
wilV seep it clean and vigorous. Its
occasional use will prevent the hair
from turning gray or falling off,
and consequently preve, t baldness.
The restoration of vitality it gives
to the scalp arrests and prevents
the formation of danldruill, which is
often so uncleanly and ofitbsive.
Free from those deleterious sub
stances which wake some prepara
tions dangerous, and injurious to the
hair, the Vigor can only benefit, but
not harm it. If wanted nmerel for
a HAIRI DRESSING. nothing else
can be found so desirable. Contain
ing neither oil nor dye, it does not
soil white cambric, and yet lasts
long on the hair, giving it a rich,
glossy lustre, and a grateful perfume.
Prepared by Dr. J. C. Ayer & Co.,
Practical and Analytical Chemists,
LOWELL, MASS.
TOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS EVERYWHIIERB
Ayer's Cathartic Pills,
For the relief
and core of all
derangements in
the stomach, liv
er, and bowels.
They are a. mild
aperient, and an
excellent purga
tive. Being pure.
, ly vegetable, they
contain no mer
cury oi mineral
whatever. Much
serious sickness and suffering is prevented by
their timely use; and every family should
have them on hand for their protection and
relief, when required. Long experience has
proved them to be the satest, surest, and
best of all the Pills with which the market
abound.s. By their occasional use, the blood
is purifled, the corruptions of the system ex
pelled, obstructions removed, and the whole
machinery of lith restored to its healthy activ
ity. Internal,organs which become clogged
and sluggish are elealned by Ayer's Pills,
and stimulated into action. 'This incipient
disease is changed into health, the value of
which change, when reckoned on the vast
mulltitudes who enjoy it, can hardly be com
puted. Their suagar coathig ulakes them
pleasant to take, and preserves their virtues
unimpaired for any length of time, so that
they are ever fresh, and perfectly reliable.
Although searching, they are mild, and oper
ate without disturbance to the constitution or
diet or occupation.
Full directions are given on the wrapper to
each box, how to use them as a Family Physic,
and for the iollowing complaints, which these
Pills rapidly cure:
For Dyspeplia or Indgestion, iste .
lessuness, Lanuor, anld Los of Appe.
itle, they should be taken moderately to
stinlmulate the stomach, and restore its healthy
tone and action.
For Liver Ceompalaint and its various
symptoms, Bilions Headache, Aick
]Heudache, Jaundlce or Green Nick.
ness, Ilion. Colic antd Bilious re.
vers, they should be jaudiciously taken for
each case, to correct the diseasw:cl action, or
remove the obstructions which canuse it.
For IDyentery or Dlarrhtraa but one
mild d(ose is generally reqluired.
For Jhenuatihm., Gout, Gravel,
Palpitaution of the luear, Pain Io
the ~ilde, Back, and loins, they should
Mbe continuously takew, as required, to changO
the diseasel action of the systemr. With such
change those complaints disippear.
For ]ropsy and Dropitcal Swell.
tlSagr, they should be taken m large and fre
quent doses to produce the effect of a drastic
purge.
'or mppressie.l, a large dose should le
taken, as It produces the desired effect by
sympathy.
As a Dtnner Pill, take one or two Pills to
promote digestion, and relieve the stemach.
An occasional dose stimulates the stomach
and bowels, restores the appetite, and invigor
ates the system. Hence it is often advanta
geous where no serious derangement exists.
One who feels tolerably well, often finds that
a dose of these Pl4lt makes him feel decid
edly better, fom their cleansing and reno.
vatlng elffect on the digestive apparatus,.
PREPARED BY
Dr. .. C. AE & cO., lracticalChemnts,
LOOWELL, MASSBB., T. S. A.
10o SALE BY ALL DRUnOGISTS VERYWuBLE.
WILLIAMS' MOWER& REAPER
SEMPLE BIRGE & CO.,
13 South Mainstreet, St. Loui,
a la lele state tIa at paper yeanmdthl.
alfs hI ra l Sectii BoalI
.rtMls, speedy sant Uetug Thei sindirn
oM Ibr Raplrlorg, 'h1lavflliae Rntiag, lIsh.
lan, Trapping . &a wveeor &ecription ma
SEMPLE, BIRGE & CO,
13 OUT CAI ISTEET, ST,. LOIS,
iP Get your printing done at
the V1xDIcATou Job Office.
Grateful Thousands proclaim
VINEGAR BITTERS the most wonder
fuill Invigorant that ever sustained
the sinking systm.
No Person can take these Bit
ters according to directions, and re
main long unwell, prov'ded their
bones are not destroyed by mineral
lIoison or other means, anl vital or
gans wasted beyond repair.
Bilious, Remittent, nd In
termittent F evers, which are so
prevalent in the valleys cif our great
rivers throughout the United States,
especially those of the Mississippi,
Ohio, Missouri, Illinois, Tennessee,
Cumberland, Arkansas, Rled, Colo
rado, Brazos, Rio Grmlde, Pearl,
Alabama, Mobile, Savannah, Ro
anoke, James, and lmanlly others,
with their vast tributaries, through
out our entire country during the
Sumumer and Autumn, and remarka
bly so during seasons "if unusual
heat and( dryness, are invariably ae
compauied by extensive derange
ments of the stomach and liver, and
other abdominal viscera. In their
treatment, a purgative, exerting a
powerful inftluence upon these vari
ous organs, is essentially necessary.
There is no cathartic lbr the purpose
equal to DR. J. WALKER'S VINEGAIt
rI.ITTss, as they will speedily remove
the dark-colored vi.~cid matter with which
the bowels are loaded, at the same time
stimulating the secretions of the liver,
and generally restoring the healthy func
tions of the digestive organs.
Fortify the body against dis
ease by purifying all its fluids with
VINEGAR BITTIERS. No epidemic can
take hold of a system thus ftore-armed.
Dyspepsia or Indigestion, Mead
ache, Pain in the Shoulders. Coughs,
Tightness of the Chest, Dizziness, Sour
Eructations of tie Stomach, Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Bilions Attacks, Palpita
tion of the JIeart, Inflammation of the
Lungs, Pain in the region of the Kidneys,
and a hundred oither painful symptoms,
are the offsprings of Dyspepsia. One bot
tle will prove a better guarantee of its
merits than a lengthy advertisement.
Scrofula, or King's Evil, White
Swellings, Ulcers, Erysipelas, Swelled
Neck, Goitre, Scrofulous Inflammations,
Indolent Iutiammatins, Mercurial atffec
tions, Old Sores, Eruptions of the Skin,
Sore Eyes, etc. In these, as in all other
constitutional Diseases, WaLiTGK 's Vhx
EGrARBITTERS have shown their great cur
ative powers in the most obstinate andl
intractable cases.
For Inflammatory and Chronic
llheumiatism, Gout, Bilious, Remit
tout and Intermittent Fevers. Diseases
of the Blood, Liver, iKidneys and Bladder,
these Bitters have no equal. Such Dis
ca.es are caused by Vitiated Blood.
Mechanical Diseases.--Persons
engaged in Paints and Minerals, such as
l'Plumbers, Type-setters, Gold-beaters and
Miners, as the adv:ance in life, are sub
ject to paralysis of the Bowels. To guard
against this, take a dose of WALKER'8
Vr.Z R Ly:A BIT'ERS oc0caionally,
Ft Skin Diseases, Eruptions,
Tetter, Salt-Rheum, Ulotches, Stots, Pim
ples, Pustriles, Boils, Carbuncles, Ring
worms, Scald-heMa, Sore Eyes, Erysipe
h-s, Itch, Scurf~, Discolorations of the
Skin, Humors and Diseases of the Skin of
whatever name or nature, are literally
dug up and carried but of the sytem in a
short time by th9 use of these Bfitters.
Pin, Tape, and other Worms,
lurking in tle system of so many thou
sands, are efectually destroyed and re
moved. No system of medicine, no ver
mifdlges, no anthelminitics will free the
system from worms like thepe Bittern.
ForFemale Complaints, in young
or old, married or single, at the dawn of
womanhood, orthe turn of life, these Ton
ie Bitters display so decided an influencte
that improvement is soon perceptible. ·
Cleanse the Vitited Blood
whenever you find its impurities bursting
through .the skin in Pimples, Eruptions,
or Sores; cleanse it when you find it ob
structed and sluggish in the veins; cleamse
it when it is foul; your feelings will tell
you when. gKeep the blood pure, and the
health of the system will follow.
R. H. McDONALD & CO.c,
Droggata & Gen. Ats., San Irankisco, Calieer.
nia, & eor. of Wmashington and Charlton S, aN.Y.
botd by ar Dnru tstry bnt ealera.
EVERY FARMER IS OWN MILLIER -
CHALLENGE FEED MILLS
Combined
Bleag Cormt and Cob Mdlln
n reevalet i nhvalley (orea t
srisvers thru teUnited States,
elltisr la Tennluse s
Cu 8er anda ar., k s . re OCl.
raseemB enBbeo sle l reearl,
SORGHU IACHINERY,
AANLE MIILa,
o J ,RNACLs,
--- Pamphlets
and Prtices sent to par, ties
applying, who will please
mention in what paper they
awet this advertisemnent.
Semple, Birge & Co..
o OUTH r AI s T., STe cer
The Vi ndcatoc
JOB OFFICE.
ALL KINDS OF
JOB PRINTING
EXECUTED WITII
Noatness and Dispatch.
POSTERS,
HAND BILLS,
CIRCULARS,
WEDIDING and BALL TICKETS,
CARDS
-AND
BLANKS
SOfEvery Description
Printed at Reasonable Rates.
IT Persons desirous of having JoR
PRIrTING done neatly, expeditiously and
cheap are invited to call at the oflico of
the "VaLcrATou."
ShIC s
200 PAGES; 500 ENGRAVINGS, and
COLOREDI PLATE. Published Quar
terly, at 25 Cents a Year. First No. tor
lS74jusnt issued. A German edition at
same price.
Addlress, JAMES VICK,
Rochester, N. Y.
THE BEST" PAPER!
BEAUTIFULLY ILLUSTRATED.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN now in
its 29th year, enjoys the widest cireula.
tion of any weekly newspaper of the kind
in the world. A new volume coimmiences
January 3, 1874.
Its contellts embrace the latest and most
interesting information pertainining to the
Industrial, Mechanical, andl Scientific Pr..
gress of the World; Descriptions, with
Beautiful Engravings, of New Inventions,
New Procesess, and Improved Industries
of all kinds; Useful Notes, Recipes, SIug
gestions and Advice, by Practical Writers.
for Workmen and Employers.. in all the
various arts.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN is the
cheapest and best illustrated weekly pa
per published. Every number contains
from 10 to 15 original engravings of new
machinery and novel inventions.
ENGRAVINGS, illustrating Improve
ments, Discoveries, and Important Works,
pertaining to Civil and Mechanical Engi
neering, Milling, Mining and Metallurgy;
Records of the latest progress in the Ap
plicatiolns of Steam. Steam Engineering,
Railways, Ship-lluilding, Navigation.
Telegraphy, Telegraph Engineering, Elec
tricity, Magnetism, Light and Heat.
FARMERS, Mechanics, Engineers'
Inventors, Manufacturers. Chemists, Lov
ers of Science, Teachers, Clergymen, Law
yers, and People of all Professions, will
find the ScrINTIrCn AMERICAN sefll o
them. It should have a place in every
Family, Library, Study, office, and Count
ing Room; in every Reading Room,
College, Academy or School.
A year's numbers contain 832 pages and
SEVERAL HUNDUED EGxoAVING s Thou
sands of volumes are perserved for bind
ing and reference. The practical receipts
are well worth ten times the subscription
price. Terms $3 a year by mail. Dis
count to Clubs. Specimens seat free.
May be had of all News.Dealers.
PATENTS te SCIESNIFIC
A'MERICAN, Messrs. MUNN & Co. are
Solictors of American and Foreign Patents,
and have the largest estblishment in the
world More than fifty thousand applic.t
tions have been made for patents through
their agency.
I'aents are obtained on the best terms
Models of New inventions and sketches
examined and advice free. All patents
are published in the Scientific American
the week they issue. Send for Pamphlet,
I10 pages, laws and full directions for
obtaining Patents:
Address for the Paper, or concerning
Patents, MUss & Co., 37 Park Row,
N. Y. Brach Office, cor. F and 7th Sts.,
Washinton, D C.
Jany 1 1874.--lv
TII SATURDAY EVENING POST.
A Beautifiul Chromeo to every yearly Sub
scriber.
MAX ADELER, THIE GREAT HUMORIST,
A WEEKLY CONTRIBUTOR.
The Saturday Evening Post has been
the great Literary Weekly for half a cen
tury. It publishes Serial after Serial of
Love and Adventure--and yet does not
neglect shorter stories and sketches. It
geves a short IHistorieal Sketch weekly.
Max Addelr (the great Huimorist,) is a
regular contributor. "Zig," the spiciest
of our lady writers, 'also contributes reg
ularly. Olive King, Ddisyv Eyebright,
Ella Wheeler, &c., &c., are frequent cor
respondents.
Our premium Chromo for the coming
year, is entitled -
"ONE OF LIFE'S HAPPY HOURS."
It is a beauty--the work of Sinclair &
Co., one of the doldest and most cele
brated firms in the country. A copy of
this Chrome will be given to every year
ly subscriber for 1874.
Remember! The price of the Post is
fifty cents lower to Club Subscribers thanu
the prices of thie other first-class Week
lies, and yet we give each of them a
Chromo besides
TERMS-Always in Advance.--One
eopy (with Chrome,) $3.00, Fouer copies
(and four Chromos,) $8.00, Six copies (and
seven Chromoes,) $12.00, eight copies (and
eight Chromes,) $16.00. The sender of
this last club will be entitled to a copy
of The Post and Chrome gratis.
One copy of The Post (03.00,) and one
of Arthur's Home Magazine, (02.50,) with
the Premium Pictures of both periodi
cals, will be sent for $4.50. Ten cents
extra must be sent for mailing pictures.
Ten cents must be sent for every chro
mo ordmred, to pay the expenses of mail
ing, or .25 cents if the chromo is desired
moncted on card-board or muslin.
Sample numbers sent grattis.
THE SATURDAY EVENING POST,
319 Walnut Street, Philadelphia*
Nov. 15.-ly.
VIA THE
LOhESTAR IIOUTE !
<INThR1N4EIONAL AND GREAT NORTrwRN
RaL BoAl.)
Pasengers going to Texas via iemphis and
Lttle Rock, or via 8hreveport, strike this line
at Longriew, the Beet Route to Palestine,
Hearne, Wacoe, Austin, Bnunteville, Houston,
Galveston and all points in Western, Central,
E·atern and Southern Texas.
Passengers via · New Orleans will find it the
Best Route to Tyler, Mineola. Dallas, Overton,
Crockett, Langriew and all points in Eastern
and Northeastern Texas.
This line is well built, thoroughly equipped
with every modern Iapnrovenment, including
ew andgelen Day Coaches, Pullman Pni
s'ee Sleeping ars, Westinghouss Air Brakes
Miller's Patent Safety Plstforns and CoUli
heras; and nowhere else can the passenger so
sompletely depeet on a speedy, safe and com.
fortable journey.
The LONE BTA1R ROUTE haoadmairabl
suewered the query: "How to go to Texasl'
by the publication of n interesting and truth
ful doeunaent, containing a valuable and eore
rect map, which can be obtained, free of charge,
by addressing the GENERAL TICKET
AGENT, International and Great Northern
Railroad, ousnton, Texas.
Distlrict ;E.J Feb. I.,t.
The Favorite Home Reedy,
This unrivalk-,l"d .dicine is watrIlted
not to contail a saiglh particl , fltnh
or any injtiitiousi slubstance, but is
I'URELYViEGtTALtLE.
colntaininlg thlose: Southern roots :t, uherls
which an all-wi P'rouvildencee has pla*.
in connntries wher'. Liver Dise,.ses Irot
prevail. It will cure all D)iseases cant
by derangemensit of the Liver and Bowels
Simmona Liver Rrgulalor, or Iedicin,
In eminently a Faunivy Medicine : and b
taeing kept retady for immediate resort rilj1
save many :san hour o' suflfring .nd f:uail
a dollar in time and doctors' hills.
After over Forty Years' trial, it r still
recei ving the most u nqualificd test inoniia
to its virtue from persons of the higih1%t
character and responsibility. Ensuet
phlysicians conmmend it as the most
Elictiual Specific for llysppsta or ladi -
gestion.
Armed with this ANTIDOTE, all climata
:"and changes of water anlld food may hI
faced without thar. As a Remedy in a.
LARIOUS FEVERS, BOWEL" 0uO.
I'LAINTS, Restlessnes.s. Jaundice, NauSe
Z*P rEA1LAB 11TO.2'C>T'.O
It is the Cheapest, Purest and lest Fami
ly Medicine in the World!
Is manufactured only by
J. II. ZEILIN & CO.,
Macon, Ga.. and Philadelphia.
Price, One Dollar. Sold ly All Ilruggist
D1ec.20-ly
a R. R R.
RADWAY'S READY RELIEF
CURES THE WORST PAINS
In from One to Twenty Minutes.,
NOT ONE HOUR
tter readingthisdalvecisemnt useed any one
SUPPFER WITH PAIN.
RADWAr'S READY RRI.IR.P IS. A CURi Vo0
YEVRY PAIN.
It wasthe firtalrd4
lThe Only Patmoernmedy
that lsatantlyopsthemostereraristing prtns, alles
Inlanmaulons, andeures t:ogeau.ns. whether of,
Lung, Su owebR s, oether glaadsor organs, by
I FROM ONI0TOTWENTY Mnt~uN.,
no matter bow vinlest or enrznuirting thelm abs
RIIKUMATIC, liedtriddla. Inirm. rppl;c.e. rpse ,
X(ralgi , or prostrated with divrase ma. snofr,
RADWAV'S READY RELIEF ,
WILL AFFORD INSTANT EASE.
INFAXIIATION OF THE KIDNFV.R.
INI'LANWATION OF THE BLADSIL
INIFLAMMATION OF THE BOWELs.
COIOSTIOI OP THE LUr
IOU THROAT, DIFFICULT aRBRATHINNO.
PALPITATION of 1TUg UUg.
HYSTERICS, CBouP, IJIPHTEMA.
CATARRlH, INFLVURN
8ADACHE, 'TOOTRAC AB,.
SNEURALOTA, EIIIEEATISL
tOD CHILLSt. AGUE CHILLS.
T: heapplieatoeoftbe Ready RIeliertostepm(rt
puts wherelbhpalnor dilculty AstaUlaRairdems
and IomaorL
Twenty dropsitnalfatumbler at water willlnafe
maometec reCHRAMIPNiPAISNS,OUR it TOM At%
HEARTBUIRN, SICK UiADACHIK, itl'IRLI"A,
DYSENTERY COLIC, WIND IN TU11 tuoII,
aadela IsTIRNkAL PAINS.
Travelers should always warry a bottle of 3M.
WaSrs Readv Relief wlith'em. A tw dropAla
waicrulllrevnt icknam or lns from ebge od
wear. Itisbeatertantnre Bradyyr oDtir ass
IFEVE AND AGUE.
FEYVEANDAGITewredaorM~y enmts. TLhere b
asremedlalagen(_ithsworld Lut wJ cr urFee
sa Ao. and all other alarlmu, Bras. Sarla
zp1e YeTlluow, sad other Penn raeed by iAD.
WAY'I PILlA jo qut eiasR RADWA'8 bASA Bi
LIEr. Yftltyclaper bolb.
HEALTHI BEAUTYII
113010 AND 11733 3IOR 8103 Rt D-.13o31
OFFLnIIH AND WEIUHTlLBA SKIN ANiD
BIAUTIPULCOMPLEIO SOCU lBE IO AIM.
DR, RADWAY'8.
S mijirllia lIe let
THe OGREAT BLOOD PURIFIER.
HA1 ADUTI IOSTT0MNIRII3GO CUR3N: S
QUIC SO 3APR1 AIR ToE Cra canas, T
oP Ti rLY WONDKRPUL NEDWINNll,
alWei*t isleIaldit
,very drIp Of hstl USABBAPALLIAN £0o..
9PliT clummtethrobshte Slood,8wet, UVrlo
,tfbstrpab Ulseaihem e ody wthaewas
-oadab.bese, Ueras thel rs me e T
oh fobras of Skim h ssalues, warm evrm
asargs.at Idlled hag woILl m aozs .-aster
a ;vtat wmesa u taforelmheretabhsmumo
iwesets t maea tocarehb e nl
al eistwases, see at .sear
with mewamtsrlilmadl ee hJlt;'- l a d Wt
IthellABAARILLIAwillado d-sscumeesecrs
oeer, ialaSws amesw o . ed coes I
.lanJs c reumeasr llhe tof Chaeo.ro,
Xav e o asBedder oissprle t
ofw q sOaeicamtmoeSOft a Urie, ht.r
asdal s eWh hlek y,
ade sswh 6l's s Bepda Ibest .wl
- DR. RADWAY'S
Idciemsordasrhcn. tah
amp ADWAY CO.. No.32 War's St.. NeW
Tiin'ars Uo mwo thoeantswp l beselt va
tlrn.~u·ld~c(paJ*eam. P.