- -rAdveri~inh e Tor l' i paper. T het
'rod th, f,' D ti P o a'I..
2 au aqr; :,n III o' 0i ll iu fl h
I "a t;Ie .... I-I- 1- ' ,\\;.1i II, I .2) - - 111 ,
3't re. 14 l l .1.1 o l 1I I I { -.. - - - -.
v I sq are) i o In ll  c11 ll i )'1 111 h)1 I1 o fIIt i ti o Rii
' ,, on ' ""........ .... ..
-ýln! ,n .n ;u unl _O . . O
, ,,1101 1 ..... .... li S ,,, 1 1 \ , R {,,,,, Crt i
AItuIVAL AND LD)iPAtTUIdS.
Alexandria to Natchitoches.
Arrivals. Drpariture'.
Tulesday 4 p. ni. Thnr.~hay 9 1. n:.
Friday 4 p. in. S atu a, :i I a ;.
Sunday 4 p. i. .!Monday 9 a. in.
Natchitoches to Shreveport.
Tuesday 9 a. nm. Tuesday 9 a. in.
Thursday 9 a. . 'l,,!n.uua 9 a. in.
Saturday 9 a. in. Saturday 9 a. ui.
Natcllitdches to Texas.
Tuesday 6 p. n. Mouday 7 a. n.
Saturday 6 p. m. 'T'hnurIuy 7 a. in
Natchitoches to Minden.
~nesday 6 p. mi. W\V.dn,,sday 7 a. i'
'riday G 1ii. "u. raturday 7 a. ii.
Natchitoclics to ýWinflield.
Tues.day 12 in. T'l'day I p. in.
Friday 12 ii', Frih:'y I 1 . "'
AI.i M.1iL, (SI, 1: AT S A. >1.
Office lours--from 7 .t. M. to 12 M.
tnd from 2 P st to P; P .
WV. D. IIlAiKiNS.
PFst Mastur.
Professional Cards,
W. H. JACK. I'IERSON
Saol. le Piors1on.
Attorneys and Counselos at Law I
NATCIIITOCIIER, LA.
ý lrT,p, ractice in the Colrts of Natt hiclhn'.
, V Mallt, . . I sot It". Riviw . W in, ICthi'.4id,
andGrant, and in tl, i SilpreamtI (',,urt of the
Sltae. ,I; ians plromptly atttlnde dl to.
March 25- I V
C. Chaplin. J. lI. Couninh, ai . i ' P. haplin.
CEAPLIW, CUNNINGHAM & CHAPLIN
Attorieys and Counselo'r. at Law.
,t. Denis St., Natchitoches, La.
TILL practice in the courts oft Inp
. ides, Grant, Winn, Sahine. I).9oto,
Red River andl Natchitoche's, ,tnd the
Supreme Court of the State.
Claims propptly atteldedl to inl any
part of the Utionit. March 25-1-7
.P1. .f C fU.>f' 1.G 11.df,1,
Attorney at Lar,
44 Crondet Street, NEW 01.rints4, LTA.
Dr. W. B. P.'wC L
MEIlCLNE aridd NUNR(EIt
OFFICE on ST. D)EXIS STREET,
NATCIIITOCIIHF, LA.
Calls to tite Country poinmptly at
tended to.
Rfers to Drs. '. Jhnson, J..R. .St'i1phen. C.
$amlin and G. E. (Gillepih. Ml,.rs. Jtullaid
kCampbell, Carver & Taylor, Trich'el & Airey
And Col. I,. J Bbrke.
April g.-y
MILTON A. DUNN,
Physician and Surgeon:
[lonrigofnery, IFa.
Business Cards.
b, A. BULLARD- N. If. CAMPBELL th
Bullard & danmpbell,
-DKALERS IN
RTY GOODS, ti
GROCERIES,
HARI)DVAlE,
And General Merchandise.
Corner Fabs & LAFAYEarrE Street,
Natchitoches, La.
tTIGHEST cas' price paid for cotton and
II country produce in cash of ierchan dise.
March 25 -ly.
3ohni Cý. 'I'riohoel
(WalmBfey's Brick Bnilding,)
Washingtob Street, Natchitoches, La.
Wholesale and Retail Dealer in
tDry Goods, Groceries,
liArs,
CAPS,
BOOTS,
SHITOES,
and General MER'CIHADISE
' Highest price paid for Cottoh and
-lter Country produce;, in Cash or Mer
tfiodude,
Mirch 15-1y.
. Sohumnan,
--YEALER IN
BRY GOODS,
GROCERIES, and
lENERAL MERCHANDISE
tor. FRONT and ST. DENIS Streets
Natchitoches, La.
P -DEAtLRt N
FAMTILY GROCEBRIEs
A fall assortnint of WAu.L-APERu con
dtettly on hand.
8tenal i-dd~aemedt to CA t Cistomers.
*ASHING1'Or ST8EEt;)
arch 2 Natchitoches, La.
L.. 3]."l7t E,
-dealer jiA
*nooutaZt
loowr STRErr, Yatchiltoch, La.
O: Shuftrath,
Boot aid Shoe Maker.
MBALENGES the world for neatness
and durability of work. Satisfacti "
Lad material guaranteed
Sior ap ut. Denis St.
Caspari & Dietrich,
(IaCo't e U)nildin )
FRONT st., NA.'r(l(I'rOCI l.r~, La.
( R.\NI o,'lini of a \INEW !.A.M1IOTI
SPIlNG iunt 8S MMI-ER STOCK,
di,.ct from th," Nv Orle('ans and Ester marint
Pt· , cn-i , til;. i\ .,) '' f
1 0 1,T P,
() ItO CERIE,
CROCKERY,
HlARD
XWARE, &, & c c.
LAD)IES AND GENTS'
1'UINISITN: G GOODS.
Inu act,
A fill line (ifC OO(DS for tlh country trail,
All of whic7h ther are selling at less than NEW
(fI I SN P'IRICES
FORt CASH.
( all and examine the large'st and most coin
ptretaock ever itiu ght to thij market andt
satifvy yvlnrselv.es as to their prices.
SIlihes't pri' paidl for (Cotton and conl
try produb'e, in cash or merchandise.
March 5--lt..
.JA .l. 'T'. .I,.N. G ,c',
Practical TC
WATCH1MAKER,
--AND-
Jeweler.
Watches. Clockf, and .Tew- fo
elry c:refully repaired and warranted. hi
Standard T 131 E Kelit th
and Watches set and regulated corr.ct- tr
Iv, free of .harg'. sa
A tine lot of \ATrCIIES and CLOCKS in
for sale cheap. en
(Otlice on St. l)enis st., hltween 2d & 3d.)
Feb. 3-1y.
Boarding Houseo.
L. II. BURDICK, Proprietor.
S(iir'rner F RzONt and'roV LtNE Sta.)
NATCIIITOC'IIEsI, A. D
EVERYTHING NEW. o.
ROOMS ELEGANTLY FURNISIIEI). .e
The only First-Clas hlouse in the ciiy
in fact i'h only horise ' here transient h
travelers can 1he aeconmodated.
Tables supplied with the best the mar
kets afford.
Attentive waiters and the comfort of
guests in every particular guaranteed.
Hacks run in connection with this
this ht;use.
TERMS MODERATE.
Files of daily papers will be found in
the office.
L I
Th eo. I~Ealierl
Col6r, Tin and Shoe"-iron' Worker.
SE =- - *t.R I -
ad Stoves, Tinware and House Faurnishing
er- GO OD S,
Washington St.,.........Natdhitothcs, La
Sore agedfl for the Unrivalled
BUCK'S BRILLIANT
Colo]ingl Stoves.
Gutters, Pipes, Metalic roofin g and al
kinds reps' ing, done with dispatch.
Bete A iberal A ,s ant to country trade.
March 25- .V
LUMBER!
LUMBER.
-AT
in1. TRAJMMELL'S
STEAM SAW MILL, Five Miles South of
Natchitoches.
Is prepared to furnish at s~iort notice
'below cash prices.
WM; TRAMMELL.
Feb. 24-1y
JOSEPH C. KEYSER,
Brickmaker and Layer.
I PREPARED to do all work entrusted
to him quickly and in a workmanlike
manner. Tomb, Chimneys, Cisterns and
other work solicited.
Orders left at at BULLARD & CaMP
BELL will be promptly atteided to.
jan. 27, 1,t
t : IIEED THE 0~1
PILLS
PILLS
TWeds of Ad ce, PILLS rI
TI"'T'S er io PILLS
TI'T'ST I'FI ECTFULTLY offered bYILLLS Hit
T.T. .rT'I . . TIeTr. M.D.. for llan1) PILLS
Tts4' v I'IOII tratorof Anatom iny PIL.LS des
1 Te ihtletim'a lleCl of GtOints. PILLS
].L'_l.T1b 'hlhrty " year ', x rieullee to1 the
Ti'T : r'tI.lcof oWfdici le. ietrw PiLLS I,-
TI"I'T'S hften year' tet of l'et'- Pills. PILLS
TI'T'S anl tie tholUand' of testiTmonials PILLS ('I
rTT's xlSig.ve of their elnteac'. warrant ome PILLS
'rUl'T'T i n ti lit ttit I it wvlll podtively PILLS
I. I , I.-;s ull d.isaCes that result from a PILLS dli
1'(. ITT',il" |l,,i1 liver. 'rt e yare not re.- PILLS
T t"r''o` o In ,'l t'' for all teill tliatall, ct p i LLS
TI"ITT'S iuimnult bllt fnr lw ,sin. ,lrin- P LI
TtI1 tIIsi u i ' l's I)is- P LLS
TP'TT ' It jlion Colic. ItllPIuati-ll. PILLS cot
TyTT'ls IPallitatin, of the HIeart. Kidney PILLS
1TT'"F A.\,tlt ti . Fenale('o llaintlt. cr. PILLS St
T ." lrr" at w- f hit h result fr--n a ,i l 'f:ttt - PITi I
Ti'.ir nlo t ot' thc lier. 0o :,ieR iiTl 'l hu+ t. lLS
TI'TT',.4 TIT.l.., V(tTLIS I. i. . .PILLi el
t l"i I'IIl. L tie.
TI' S TI"TirT'n PILLtS PILLS
Ti'T"S :('trIE SICtK iIEAIdACIIE. PILLS to
T iTTr'S ............................................ . PIl LS
T'e" iT ................ .................. PILLS 0l
I'T's 'ITT'r'gD ,lS PILLSI,
TI'T'S ISElCIiE N CHtANGE OF PILLS
Ti'TT.Sr', DIET. PILLS
STT"'S. . ......... ......... PILLS
TITT'S i T1ITT'P)S PII.LI PILLS
T1'1"r '. iTA.E II'RELY VEGII1'BL. PILLS "I
T'T n"i T1 'T'S PILLS PILLS
T"I'T NEVI;.L GRIPE Oil UAiTE PILLS
PILLS t1
T'IIS ATE , PIlS
T T S ........................ ...... PILL S
T U'T T i I ........ ...... .......... ...................... P I L ! S
Dt'TT'T
' I PI'", IliE'iTND F0oRAT 'TrT.: It1If,
1" e I"tI'S I areP t it eollt dIltlt r d to e th PILLS
TI" I' vaT' r ty. u ise t1 ott'lS to all urts II,LL I
it , 1ew L Le,4
TI'TT lf rec ovrled. Ie1
' [ T .................... ......................: I
TTT' :IaNT-r,',PE f ECTLY of the P ILLS t
WO'TT'S 80S TA
'I . IITT'S :us T
'fri . . . . . . IlINLG,
TIT'"S ............................... P LLS
T'TIIt". A ..A F.\ I, tY MI TIrt' irs Il, IS
TIS'iI'T'P TUFT' I'IIS AI i'tHE E PILLS
ToI'TTS IP,.I' 11 LI 97S
IT 'T T 'S ......................... ................. I
TI'" IN AOFI E PILLS
TIl'!'I"S 1s L IGII Y STREET, ILL,
TI'T'P'S IEW OlBi. PILS t
This unrivaled preparation has per
formed some of the most aston shing
cures that are recorded in the anntals of i
history. Patients sutlering for years from
the various diseases of the Lungs, after I
t- trving differerit remedies; spending thou
sands of dollars in traveling and dloctor
ing, have, by the uso of a few bottles,
entirely recovered their health.
"A ) "WON'T GO TO FLORIDA."'
I Uew York, August 30.1872.
D R. TUT1i
Dear Slr:-When In Aiken, last wlntor, I used your
2 Expectorant for my cough and realized more b'neflt
/s from it than anything I ever took. I art so well that
w il, a..... .... .......... ,;· .... i. f 3;u::m
Send me one dozen bottles, by express. for some
friends, ALFRED CUSHING.
123 West Thirty-first Street.
Boston, January 11, 1874.
This certifte th'at I hlave recommended the use of
Dr. Tutt'l Expectorant for diseases oT the lungs
for the past two years, and to my knowledge mane
r bottles have been used by my patients with the hap
piest results. In two cases where itwas thought coni
firmed consumption had taken place the Expectorant
L). effected a cure. R. H. PRAGUE, .M.D.
"We eandot speak too highly of Dr. Tutt's Ex
i ectorant, and for thie sake of suffering humanity
etIt hope It may beoome more generally known."-C-Cnrs
TIAS ADVOCATE.
sold by Di)rltllIts. Price 1.00
Oscoar Chopin;
COTTON FACTOR
COMMISSION MERCHANT,
Noi. 65 CARONDELET ST.,
Julyv -ly NC:Vew Orle'ans.
L. WALMtiLF." I. M, WALMA.,EY
C. TL. WALMSLEY & CO,
COTTON FACTORS
-ANI)
CENERXL COMMISSION MERCHANTS.
Perdido St., N&w Orleans, La.
M1arch 25-1y.
- t
ti
AE#LER
SWANTED
in every towln in
the South for the
celebrated
WFfEED
SE WING
Machine.
The easiest learned, lightest 7unning,
most durable and popular Machine made.
Received the higest award at the Cen
tennial.
Special Inducemenits Offered.
Address
WEED SEWING MACHINE CO.,
No. 182 Ca>taf Steet, New Orleans
Feb. 17. 1y
%. Laemee,
NOTARY PUBLId'
(Office ttidet Viddicatot f6;/
ST. DENIS STfTEED
NATCHITOCHE~i LA:
Spril 2.- ly.
Onr Washington Letter. and Bai
Washington,l). C. April 14, 1877. i> 1e.
The rei aih; abc 'card of Sinato" surge
TBlaine, just publisheil, Is doulltless o tm, '
designed to stiffen the back bone of out of
l':'karid and prevenlt him following change
Chanllberlaii's example, and to arouse dchtor,
Nolthern radicals. The rlost notice- f oo fro
able portion of the card is his state- s.iled
nient, often heretofore iadie, in this I fro h
coiretspondlenlce, that the Republican alolg
senitiilenit of New Eiinglalnd is not. t :
with the Administration in its South Ig
ern policy. His statement may star- iethat
tie those who have libeen wonlt to look wrote
to the daily paplers of the comminr lthe
cial centers for the reflection of north
ern sentiment, but the Senator is cor
rect beyond doubt. New England
would not to-mi urow elect a single
"'layes man" to the house of Repre- [Fri
sentatives. Tit
Gen Banks still gains perceptibly in appoii
the contest for the opllpositionl noni- rt
ination for the Speakership. Ran- is Idr
dall, from priesent appearances, has (hi ur
inmproving chances for the Democrat- ters o
i noi ,inltidio , aiid iitherefore for clef- 'tl it
3 tion. I
The Presidcnt's Louisiana Coin- dtleo
n miil il i- naking a nuisalli'nce of it- le w:
ts:f moNe ilstructionis have been his n
sent it. What it wais sent to Louis-oi t hi
iana for was to pave the way for a their
ifore ordained removal of troops, and Worl
to share itll the administration the !I
Iparty odium inevitably toI ftllow that selve
s net. For this rlasoni all l it one otf i
the members were selected from the jroit
Republican party. If these men were At
innocent endtiigh to suppose that any- ~ihe
thing they were to do would inthluence seve
the risui, they shouild liot Ie trusted this
unt after night witllout giot arl. 'i
to dt(
In an investigation here laIst win- this
ºf ter it wa3 shown that the President of ies:
the Police Boatid aidl iused the force jtlie
in an attempt to destroy the reputa till
Lr- Ition of a Democratic Congressman. ciai
Th, Io same naln Ias Inow )een detect- ,
ed in purchasing affidavits retflecting loge
upon the ('hief of !';licr and other 'ilat
citizens. The irices paid averaged th'
*: about three dollars, and that may nlai
tiat Dl, 'hln ls he takien as tli: recognized ta l i
SI'icr'e of allfidavits niade to order. One I hin
of the men emilloyed in getting tlihC w
. up was paid forty dollars for a Jic
a) nioothiSs orik. The genitleman who an(
any is s.hlpossd to have footed the bills tee
ap-is ailso supposed to be the owner of it
ant the ailInall Ryletloiean, late rngctl. fil
D Speaking of that paper reminds lise
E" ime that its publisher was so suire that wat
ni Tilden was elected anti wouli be in
anguratetl, and so determined to be l,
in sympathy with his Administration, tan
that in November lie dismissed his pri
bloody Ahiirt editor-whose itiagi- oft
ation by the way,;' is tespounsirhle t ibrll
three quarters of the Southfern out- !fer
irages of the last two year--andti n- I I1
ployed in hIis pilace one of tlhose it; iit
erary gentlemen whlo hadi been en- a
gaged in Liberty street, New York, gi
v in writing up the clanims of MIr. Til- it
den. What the feelings of the pub- ai
0, lish er must hiave ee, whcen iHayes e.
was finally conoted in may be im- ni
agined.
Caleb C'us1iing conies back from ,I
TS. pain, where hlie now represents this
country. It is slid lie will return to
this city to continue his law practice.
He was a kind of minister, wit'iouit 6
portfolio during both of Mr. Lincoln's
terms and the first term uf Grant.
Iis coinprehensive know'edoge of in
ternational and other law iiade his
services particularly valuableat times
when the Attort'ey General's offlice,
so far as its head wams concened, was
vacant.
There is a. pestilent little bunsy
body named i ullett whio hIs licld of
fi.e in coidnection with the archlitec
ture of public bnilding,, and now has
a roving clerkship, and who is con
tinually getting lhis name in the pa
pers as a candidate for his old office.
If he approaches any U. S. building,
no matter tiiether the flag is flying
ornot, lie should be shot upon thile
ER spot. lie cannot look ait ,i Post Office
ED or Custom House, but a thousanud ar
fort chltectural montrosities spring out
upon it, and the tax-payer niourns
whenliiever. Mullett take a pencil in his
hand. DEM.
A Remarkable Priest
- A French journal says that a fa
lilg, tous Fiench surgeon, lately deiensed,
n ade. who was brusque an'd unp!lished,
' Cen- fund, n enteiing his house one day,
aIn old priest who had heeln tolg
waitillng his return. "tWhat do yon
r red. wn.tof me ' "I want you to look
at this," nieekly rejoinledl thlb priest,
O., taking off ani old woollen cravat,
wrns hich ievealed upon the nape of his
l neck a itlreotus tuiltnr. "You'll have
to die with that," cooly rematkid thb
suigeon. ,'I thanuk you, doctor,"
siipllyl replied thB priest, replacinu
his cr.fvat, "and I ian mtnul obliged
toy vo m f not wrniTg tie, fo i1 can pre
S:,,; m,-a f; as well as my poor par-
',,. rote me lrvi~ much."
ri' u'ito, onlt ho was never astou
., da tl things, looked upon
i;.Who received his death
i~lit~w ,t,,0h~dil with' tazemcnt;
and said, "(',ole tI-morrow, at eight
4'411hek, to the hotel l)iet, and ask
fr ,oe." The priest was puaipt. The
roon, and in a mouth the elan wvelt
out cured. Vh'' leaving he took I
out of his sack thirty francs in small
change... 'It it all I have to offer soil, Nich
doctor," he said ; I (came here nui
i'ot fro1m Iltourl in order to save this."
Thle d1ctolr h)4,k4.d at thil ,,,I,,.l,, T
Smiledlih, land1 diraiwinlg a handful of gold
1fro h4is c1liket, put it in the hag
altng with the thirty franes, saying, l
"It's for your Iool'," and the priest
went aay. Some 1years later the
surgcon, tiiichng dea;th to lie nInr,
uhethought ilim1 of the priest, 1an1d)
wrote to him. lie cattle at onice, and -is i
till' s"urgIl received at his Ihands
the last consolationI of religion.
-- ..--- .. Nich-o
Rt; Rev. F. X Leray, Rishop of to
Natchitoches. to oug
[From tilt'h NO Orleans Molrning star and 1 i
Th'e Right Ire. F. N. L4(ray, just lHeite
appllointed to the( See of SNat leiloc c s, 1 the IP
was ho1n in I s2., at (lhat.auji'ln
Brittany, Flralnce. This little town
is 1ena1 kalhle for lhaing, given to the ti th(
SChurich tilhe foundller f tile little Sis- (o)i
trs of the Poorl, an (Ordelr which has Pesi
dulne so mllih l' thile aged plobr of all the I
ro unt riit' in o) r 1 ('e'llt lr v.
W ho , "ather 1lry tle atl!nl to willi t
devoted parI:le![t and many friends, Th
lie wias the tirt mlissio)n;aiy who left sworr
his native place! lin since then nauyv and I
of his tim'ilnstill'n have sailiticed their
lives for religion in (lChina, oi- fhul1d1 8 ia
i their way to the fores'ts (of' the New unen
I\Vorld, th(eir devoted zeal imaking ard
. "the wihlilerneiss lhs4.:om s the r)ose;'
and they eveIy 4whre l4rving I ni - thou
Sslives, like their inmiirtal co)untry- liers,
Iman, "witll ut f'ear and without re- Blar
I prach." Elf
SAt i ,iht yuars of age TranCIs a- pXab
\iier Lc*ray was pIlaced at college, ,
whellre Im "minie( till the age of are
l'' seventeen, when, being iiiited to tt tlhe
d this couiltry lby thle l)rt'senlt lihlop,f Int: i
Vincennesl, ainlld full of athlent desire he
to delt\.vote himiself to (;lol4, he aine Tile
i- tlis cou11larsv a11nd col)tillll his situdi knno
of it, at a colllege in tie si lle4 d(1ioclPest, dt1uc
ee vMl le he also tinght. After somie iir
. tiite spent there, he went to fil tinei
his theolic gical course at the iillu- II
n. cian Seminiry, Ilaltinior, and was I
t- ppointted prefect in St. Mary's Col- a sl
-g l 'ge.' theii i esidled liver by the viin- the
NIlt eible and ibeloved Fat lller 1)elulii ol. t
hi accip:nied Iiishlp h.nirl he to
kNa tche;R , tubil t ,vias orld 'iit biy hil ' nt1'
11y 1 an  n iii lbo t t eli nty-e sie yIll tIe iar
w 1( d itn p, his lena o" thei tvlan tii reoIs -
no silility of the priesthood having made
hi1u dct'lilie at ail earlier perlih . IIe
viets sulsequtietly appointed pastor of '
a Jack:soi, where his zeialois labli he
hi and Hitt!btructiive lile w)oil the e~ St',
ills teel even 1of lthe "Know Nothitgl Iat
Slof fthalit P('iol , to whln he was ll
ways ready to give a l'(1"reason for the
on. faith that was in him" in it colipre at 1
ns hensivel, coicluslve ananslerable ai I
hit wy pc'uitulS hIs dwni. In the ye'rils o
5- 1'5andl ')5, whlin the yellow-fver
Iraged eI'arfully, ~ie lablored iincesslant- Lo
e ly, vis\iting also ('anto, Vicksburg,
ion, and the nleighboring places, as one
his priestly v'ictimi after aniother sank
ln'illr thle labor iandl infection ; antd
F olte, when friends and relatives
flt a)anildonld the Ipligue-stricken sn. St
it- ferelst, lie relmalined to) lelrforri the p
tll- n humblest ltices, ofteli seeliing by
itearnest eintre'lties to winll thb tipen- bt
ilelit to) repleltanel . Oil.one o)0CC:asil(ll
en- a Catholic 1 who had long iresisted m
ok, griace ireplih'd to his el(horttitiois Iy r
Til- takinig a Ihandfii of "black voinit"
andI tlirowingi it ili his falce, but Fathli L
er Leray, callity wl)ilpig his t'ace ant1l,
yes Will ~tou noW receive thle Sacra
iim- ments, and refurin to God V"
In li'O) ie broughlt the Siisters of
from Mlercy iom Baltinmore; and estahlisli
ti ed thiemi in Vicksbulrg. VWhen tihe
nto swar broke out lie accotlmfaniled thelln
in t to the khafpital of "Mississippi
.Spriihgs," Jackson", ,d " ,,"
t'lot Splilgs,"' ini his otffice of Chaplain to
oln's the arlily, i4nd p1rove'd liniiselt, durling
tihe g ryiig sceles and vicissitU!dles )f t
it tlhose fllour' years, a fatlher and friend, t
i in- administeriig conslhit{oli to the sick
Shis and ldying and inspiring all witli
times whom ie came in clntlkt wvil cour
iage and patilitism, inoibsti'lCtrive and
alne,'rinkinig frot distinction like all
i, was me of merit.
Eighteen of the twenty five fears
bnsy since his ordinh,!tioo hlave been spetll
Id of- as pastot f Vicksburg, wherie he
ite- comnletely won thle esteelui and. love
cof his congregalion, Whlo jliplicit .
w Ihas followed his advice alitd referred to
i Co- his ai bitratioli all limattere of doubt o!'
e pa- dispute even in worldly concerlns, lie
fce. being remarkllble for liihs clelaiies of
ilejudilgl ft and nhlilised views.; Hlis
ilding,,navit of maniner, refinement and
fying learning attracted to his society 'len
n the of aill creeds, but. every individati
Offictaste was acrificed to his duty as a
O priest and pastor. }lo private inte-r
eat ever drew his attention fromn tile
g out one great en.d-the work of (God i 1(1
lIouiS le heedIIer i not Ihumani pllaise or blaitne
in his in tlie discllarge of his dut. Ill'
sought to place rehgliious in thle high
)E. pl;ce it deserved iu tll hearts anid
Iniidq of miein, and works were ac
comi1nllshed and noble institutions
erected to attest his zeal for th!e goodl
Ito fa of his people. ThIiongh, hiiis financial
enased, prudence, the church iJs now out of
lisbel, debt. The love of hIis peoplel, with
1 day, whllom he seemedidenti8fled, tdie sense
long of their great loss, th[eir blessinge
io on and prayers nnist ace )mpanly him tI,
t look the scene of his new labors;
cravat, A Brooklyn biutcher has an intel
Ii ve ligent German clerk who is trying to
kid th learn English by Iooking up in the
octor," dictioniary every word he Ihears but
blige does not iUndeistand. A few days
>l pre- ago a lady cstomer, in her efforts to
explain what cut of meat she wanted
n 1pr1; and why she wanted it, mentiloned
het. that shie ate her beef cooked rare.
"ao Rare 7" he repeated i Vat ish dat !
da I Ob, yes; I know. R-a-r-.-very
r~dethOi,
livy -" ",pfi ".'
B_ deh rap( i'i',
tI" ]br11
w714 SC(
REJOICE ! l 1,[
over I
Nicholls in Full Possession 1,t
gerouls
TROOPS ON THE MARCH. t 'as
- i1)enrrt
PACKAl'K tlS R I t lif'' STED)." 10I I
Radicalism Dead, - (
and c
tow.i
Fire Your Gui nt,,, roi
order.
Ye' ('reans, April 'o.-Gov.
Nicholls last night arddressed a letter il
to ('orn iissior, r-citing hIis BIt on had a
onuge declarations as to eq ual tights there
and Education of the colored people, i'. a
citeatilg hi ''((hithis 8
l]hiterating his rnit-st to them andi
the President to teau
1REMOVE TR'I'OOPS a
to their lhar'ack. outle
Cm':irrission teln ' rapt!-d siro to
Ptesident lay-es, and recommended are a
thIe withdrawal of the troops, which will
will take place to-mot low.11 OIo
!This morning Ge,. McMillen was sittt
s worn into the Nicholls legislature, in the
ancad I)avc Young took his seat in the ill ti
I enate. Yesterday eight Radical for wI
Smltemtbers -ntme over from the Pack- het
ard rump. We have now in the 1r
PEO1'.L:'S LEGIS.LATIURE G( metn- , 1
Sihers, commonly called Returning stattt
Bloard Imemubers.
Election of Senator will not take
puce before Monday ; the chance,
i are between Gibsoi anid Sporffolrd a
.' ithe former slightly leading. Legis- I)ep
lature will adliourn byI Wednesday. this
to The reason fir delay until then is the last.
known intention of ln'aekard to in- Gr]
t, duce his desert(ers back, if we ad- and
Sjiourn b 'efore his complete disintegra- tell
i tion. tirst,
Slie could get up a rnump and elect
º- ai short tierm S~iator, aid thuns reporttt
Sthe Louisiana ease in (ConIgress ; that,
'. we shall thw:art by remraing in sessin ltil
l until PacIrCu d's rtmp is comlpleteiy the
of bursted. W. A. S. Iliet
LATEST-. wou
dl
Ih NrNw OruI,:\Xs, April 21. 1)
of The President orders thit the troops hay
r he removed from the vicinity of the plea
State House in Lonisiana to their turn
8 and
9 barracks oni
he TI'ESi).\Y NEXT coi
Ie at 12 o'clock noon. 1
de Tell thelr pcople that they can rc
ars, affi
v'oiee. Radicalism is now dead in to
it- Louisiana. S. ton
r1ig, NEW ORLEANS, April 21. li
ink Packard ha; informed the Com
and mission that hlie will vacate the 1
ant. State House. He is preparing a irr
the protest as an address, and it will a
ern- be om1lretc to-night. Evcery ri
std member of the House and Senate i
Iy I ha\'e taken their scuit in the legal an
fit" h
ti Legislature. All treasurers recog
tanize Nicholls to ay. r
WILL- A. STIONG.
rs of __
tre General News and Notes. a 1
relby 1]APIDES, M
rnAlexrand'ia Democi'..- -The Dis
es ri triet CoUrt will oper tot tihe lirst
eni, time, in a long year, tri Morday,
sick the 7th day of Ml'iy ,ret, .Jnlge
with Blackman lmresiding. We hear it o
oir- rutlnored that the Jury drawn is
and alost ur usual conmposed of a
m llIajority Of colo'red mefi,., intf this
'-ars we euniot vouch for, as the listr
pent has been kept thus far closely hid
e he from the public. This is the fitst f
love mnstant'e on recorn! thirrt its pluli c
icity cation has been so long kept back I
ed to f-om the ,Jurynen themselves,
t " who are always glad to know it
l befttehand.
Ili A timid well wisher of the Dem
aird ocr- has kindly tendered us a
. piece of Eidfice winch we are I
as pained to reject. This advice,
inter- thouwhi ite beliete his personal
m tie motiles good, advise, us, now
; rnd that our Journal is tire trnly one
blare publisled he]e, we ]holid haul ith
11E our strong demreratic pro'livities
higlr ad interests, aird handle "the
ts anrl other side at little easier." We
cca'[ see the point, arid know that
egn it is 1o fault of the opposition par
nucial ty if their orgain has kicked the
out of bucket for the time being, indrI
, with that their aims and intentions for
sense the wrong are yet hurled at our
eigs party, with as much demoniac
t'u t fury ats evet, and we do not seek
nor ask for aiy fivors frorn then.
It is thir same o0l bear, and we
initel- intend keeping both eyes wide
ing to open watching him. We ask our
in the fi-end as a special favor to pick
rs but his flint and try again, And help
dais and nerve uis to keep up the
frts to ight; we feel equal to it and yet
anted have plenty of anmmuflitior in our
tioned democratic arMor.
dt! IOREHOt'SE.
B-very astrop clarion.--During the
last year of Radical supremacy in
il\ lt h010 (' 0· Ill' to0\wli Was 0oll (011
tinual scene of rowdyism. Thent
was sca'rcely a day but that oner.
or probablyl a doz'.n'i drunllkent ra1
ial hullies wouhl ran rou ghi-shot
over thi' whole town It was ail
lmosit, impossihle to keep a tows.
imarshal at any salary, so dan
'gerous, tullple.santt aill oler'ol
was the position. Bult sie.c
1)emlocalc(y once more prevails ii:
Miorthlouse, these rnflians hav\
aitlandonild the streets. ]'eaet
and quiet ptrevails in our tow\l
and our worishail wialkl a;'oltui¢
toiwn at his leisure, having it,
froible, whatever to keep goof:
order.
.!? il ud Democrat.-.We ))a\le
had a floodi of lain tIis week an'ti
there, is nio loniger alllprehelisiol
felt ailout lint hitving navigatioln
this seatioll (Oine of illonoply lint
steabllutoaits is looked for ever\c
day, and the Ware housemieni artl
feeling dlecidedly Ilitter over thi
outlook.
Locals asire very searse and wt
are at a loss wluit to write that,
will io"t interest our readers. Ti':
lprogllstieatC upllo the plolitical
situation would he "sloshing about
in the dark," a kind of waiy of do
ing thiings that we have 110no iie
tor whatever. It'f w were a pro
pihet or a son of a prophet, w .
lprobably lnight have some taste.
for timies liIke these, but as we art
ot, we lprefer to remain kindei
sta.it tiio.
USION.
Fli, mille Record,,.--We learnl
l that a nlegr' nmlled San! Lawson
Wls shot a11it slightly wounded by
D leputy Sheriflf 'o'vington, nelil
Sthis place, onI Saturday eve1niii:
la Ist. Lawson was iiidicted by the
- Grand ,lJury, at itq ree.nt session.
- andl when the deputy sherilt at
- telipted to arrest hiin showed, at
first, a (dispositioln to resist, and
t then attemptllled to escape b)y
t flight. Mr. Co\ington first fired
t t hint for thet p)irltose of fright
it ening him into submissioli, ibut
1 failinl to stop him, fired again,
i the ball penetrating his side in
tlieting a paiitfuil but not serious
wound. Lawson is coufiled in jail.
)During the past week the nights.
,iP have beeli cool but the daysi
le pleasailt and spring like. Thi
ilrl tarmler are pulshing operations,
alid, we .are informed, that the
corn plall ted sonie weeks since i:
ip and furnishes good stalnds.
I)on't forget the peas, potatoes
re- aifd pumpkins. Let's have enough
in to eat without using all the cot
toll crop to bry baconi and "sup
plies.'
m- BATro: ROUGE.
the Advocate.-This (Thursday) morn
inig Mr. John P. Bridegam was ar
a rested ly Chief of Police Wiseman oil
will a lequiisition from Holly Springs:
Mississippi. Somie moniths lgo) Mi
iry, hridlegani lbought loige1's drulg store
ate in thini city, but his drafts on a bankl
il lh'lildetllphiiO weri not honored
al and MIr. Ilgel toolk his drig stori
Ilacki. Ile ia now in jail awaiting :i
iog luiisition from the Statl e of Missis,
sipplli for hiiln. ,We hlav not lealned
thie charge madeC against 1him.
T.AFOURci!E.
Thibodatl.r ,etinel.--ll. G. Ernest;
a tfolrmller r'eisidellt of 'l'errehonne, bun:
\tlh o i'f T'exacs, was blronght to New
O(iltaits last Moldlay, by detective B.'
M. Snmith, who ifter a long search
found his rtsi f (idene, chargedi witlih.
Ii aviig sold ablout ~5(0f).00 worth of
tsugarr lhllogilig to Carl Kohlu, fli
lwhom lie was acting as agent or overC
tidge se., on a 1laptahtillu in tho Parish
r it of Terlroehene in 1875.
Mn is Mr. Eiinest 8sly tjint hIe did not
f i eniheezzle a singile cent of Mr, lKolhin'
thij money, and that thle whole transilllail
list tion wiaslega! and proper,
h Iil One of Packard'l s conni is in in io,
first Frelderick obb who represeots As
tli cension Piil'arish !I 1'Lckiirrd's coonery
back lhas been arrelitetl and held in bai!
illder '3,0O04,0( for ipuloililug inlonel
PVes, out of tthe Plostl Iltic in !lllioaldsoni
w it ville whilst l'ostuilaster in tihat place.
Altihough hIe plehads guilty to thi,
charge his firicnds Ja,,les Lewis andlll
\eVi- Wn. .Brown wier on his bonds,
us a and l.'hb still co!lotines to sit as aL
C :il legislator in Packaid's testive coon
ivice, elr.
roinal On 'ednCsday evening Cato Shep
no herd fired into a crow of workmen oni
Y II the Ridgefield place, near town andi
nli il wounded ta man and a woman. Thu
iities scamp then ran away.
Sthat IIA punnster was once tllrns;t into ,
par closet with tihe threat that hi woultd
d the not be releatsed until iie malue a pun
Almiost inslt;inlinellislOIIY hi exclaiiedi,
"O "0-pun the dou. I"
t our Josh Billing ays: "TiThe mewl i
IoniaC a larger bird than the guso or turkey;
tseek It has two legs to walk with, anti
teI, two nlore to kick with,and wears it,
wingwe s on the side of its lied."
wide Pat Maginniis ihai a very stuliborl
sk our mule, which lie calls "l0d ultisket."
o pick On biinig asked whliy hi'e garv tli
id help mule that narime he said, "Because the
p the stubborn beast won't gooff.without a
ad vet kick,"
in our The Cincinnati Conlnaec ial . Inm
says: "Afrtica produces the most unI
dressed black kids."
g tie One touch of rhenmatism make
nacy inthe whole world aching.