SI,'!' C I.\ l,
Paper oflhe Parish an Cilt ofi'Ncllhiorhrs
JA. . CO.SGROl'Y, . , Editor.
AL'rI'I)A'V, - - 0(1'. 2l, I77.
The Vindicator and the Printing.
A gtoss and violent attack wa,
made l pon t ir o V Ni'.ict r)ATo . :s te11
public printer--a aIttik so lItterlyi
unjnlstifiedl a n r lrl:l:ll ted as to
merit, as it shall rneceive, a rebuke in
fitting termi.s.
I\V ate doing t.rle printing of this
plrish futr 'ff!t r' ! pe1r sl:nare, of one
inch solid ltre'vier nmeauore, which is
just one half the (m0nwt chat rgd by
the radical shet,r which have been
published in this city- since tir e birth
of the degrading; anrd degraded party
to which they yid,-hhI l a enrihi feal ty.
These newspl pers hai d eo cirehni tirn
and lived only by thire monies forced
by villainons las, frotm the iltpawers
whom they ..ever ceased to uph1iaid
and slander.
A republican member of the pres
ent Police Jory, nt the time that hody
had under considerrtion the -esti nate
of expenses of 187l, saw fit to make
his studied and well planned attack,
the attack of his party, at their bid
ding and for their benefit, upon the
VINDICATOsu, icharging it with draw
ing its pay without authority and to
the detriment of other and equally
just creditors of tlhe par ish.
The trick of this man was unrebu
ked by the Democratic members, who
knew the charges to be false and
slanderous; hence our justification of
ourself. When hen the radical members'
son was conducting the radical paper
here ; when it never had a circulation
of a hundred, and was never seen in
it decent mana house, and when it was
dragging its one dollar per square from
the people it abused in its columns
and insulted by its very presence, no
man ever heard this worthy reformer
enter one word against the "printers
bill,"' and he was then a member of
the Police Jury as now.
Po man hears him to-day say aught
of the Sheriff's bill or the Clerks' bill
because they are of his political fim
ily; and upon Wednesday last when
a bill was presented by a radical
blacksmith, (a negro) charging thirty
fire dollars for ironing seven men, he
moved that the bill be approved for one
half and it was voted down, and al
leced for three dollars and fifty cents.
We like to see men consistent. We
are; for during no hour of our life
have we let up on these fellows who
attempt to play the reform upon the 1
VINDICAtOR from a motive which we
well understand.
If the parish of Natchitoches is too
poor to pay fifty cents per square for
its printing Tet it post its proceedings I
on the Court House door as we have
informed the Jury it could do, but we
pronounce as false the statement that
we have been paid one cent in excess
of the price we contracted for, nor t
Irate we been paid in any other manner
than a regularly approved aecCalnt rtp
proved by thRe "'kmne Committe of which
this radical is a member, and not to
the detriment of other creditors eith
er.
If the radical brmmcrs of this pat
ibsh propose to make war on us they
will find us ready and prepared. Our
efforts against tlhem, have never ceas
ed and we will not be satisfied until
the last one is driven into that dis
graceful obscurity their infamous con- c
duct in thie past merits them.
Since the above was written, and
at the Thursday session, Mr. W. C.
Ross, than whom no better man nor
1)emocrat lives, ably and elnoquently v
defended thIe paper and party from "
chlarges made by thie radical mnembler. L
Mr, Ross' speech was one of thie best t
efforts we have heard him make.
Full of bristling sarcasm and was ao
triumphant vindication of this paper a
and tlhe party which it represents. g
Mr. Ross presented thie fact that tirhe a
VILNDICATOR had been paid for print- t
ing from May ist., to this date nearly j
six months, .2545,O0, while the amount
paid the Republican for the same
length of time in previous years was t
$640,47, or mnore than double tihe I
amount now charged.
We are under thie solemn impres p
eion that no radical wants to wake up
Mr. Ross again. Ii
A Cardiff giant, supposed to be tlhe
veesains of the "old Whig party" has b
been dug op in Colorado. Where's '
Glendy Burke?
it
A nicely ironed linen duster is of, a
bred in exchange for a good overcoat. Ci
rhe party offering the duster is poor bi
and very much in need- of an over- c
coat. c
We beg leave to call the attention hi
of the public to our advertisement of a
JOB WORr. Our stock of presses,
type, and paper material is full and
complete and we defy competition in
prices. We have secured the services
of a first-class job printer and we ask
a trial of our office. re
J. B. ILEwwIs, the live Shoe man a'
of 8hreveport, inserts his Card in
the VIwvIcATou this week. Mr. lo
Lewis is a man of enterprise, and
will revolute this eountry, aa hem
haw that in the immediate vicinity i
-th bnevcport in the Shoe trade. ci
BISHOP LERAY.
His Arrival and Reception.
The Right Reverend Bishop Leray
surprised his people and the citizens,
r. tupon Sunday last, by a sudden andl
unnanounced arrival. This, however
did not debar Iliem from according a
reception such as the virtuous piety
and ipatriotismi of this eminent divine
meritced although it did debar them of
,1 Ithe pleasure of a public parade in
. keeplinig ith the occasion.
At four o'cliock llpromptly the citi
i z'ns cu II IOcsC headed 1by .IN or I)ran
giet and the ('ity ('onneilnen, Messrs.
i arver, ('Cas:pari, Le.vy sand 1D)uncan,
i e, :'tlled llonll the liishop at his ie.i
ide'nce andiii were' receivd bly himl frlom
thela porlch, wlhen the following i1ter
ln eliing cgrcemli'cies took pliace.
Ithl Speech of the Mayor.
t Ri,.,ht Reverend Ililhoi Xavier Lery :
lit lh' iithe li' I" o lf i' (citilzen'i of the all
ic ,. ilt ity Ni t iit:ch i lohe'. 11, irrs'll etive ofw
l vn: li"' d : 'tlil , fuiio dtil nl ll:ttioni , e t heirt '
Mlilriu tadat C'o1 11ihlten, have tll liioir
'to e1' llc le }i'ls iill our a i' s .lll. It is not.
il h,11} with l ti'as ire, hit also with pridei ,
lid that we. this tay. llare alt llst pIII'irtted
es- as one of i1s. It is with pleasure that we
reclivi you, for the Inmolent it was
knowl that .iyoLi had been ciiho sen to re
ate pilace th t late di1 l i ii hi'il 1 prelate,
k i whose loss this W peilll), hii',ave so deeply,lll
imrlited., a t'd whose sainted lelnolliV
il' t knew n iitl flt, that his pl ine couild ll t
he ave heetln hCetteir, lmore i hly, tnor mo111re1
i ll pr iits ly fillco iity. It is w th pride that
w- Allegreet you. lins, il thisadkvan t cd
eIto l tie lliln lr, and civilization,th it is loiit
S3l\air s tohllte. dill not peonifrs distilnction
n prte to fall upon its e itizen, ul t it is
the citizen, who, y his ownti exertionsl l
tin is, abilities, sefulnes'l s, nior wllorth, 1itil
l private and pnhllc virtnes, contlril' tS
to the dignity. the power, and real hap
nd piness of his country. Hn}el our reljoi
no cings to-day. Sri n C . ill
r Although pellrsonally unknowll o iks
rs' hefore this hour, yet fame, with its hun
erof dred tongues. did not permit your sza o eed
nto he to fall upon r ears unth e t eded as
other naof esn do. We are well aware that
in when disease, with its pestilential breath
was sweepings away its hundreds of vi
ti, and gri-visa acivi tend unrurelenting
Swar was verowy ong down its hundrLikeds of
Sthousalltds, voices of gratitude. ofrespect
and of lto overc loudly heard in Natch! Yoz,
no in Mississippi Springs, in Canton. in
er Sheilly Sl ing, to in Jackson and in icks
laws, lurg. The winells that swept froLike the
- East, wafted to our ears, at theil time lnd
of sice, he deeds ill a citize who seemion ted
to have in his o reat the pt e enderness of
fheart of woman to pro"pt them. and the
fearless courae and warm patriotism ofof g
ill a herio to aieve then,! Your arrival
e limonrg is very opporthne! Like youn r
eminentl predecessor yto which ll have imany
ointears to wipe awayo; tany ta roke ot
al heart to comfort; and many. many prei
udices to overcome and collaye, ! Y tolurs
O will be the duty to inculcate the necessi- t
resty f industry, of honesty, of love of one's
neighbor, and ofta ready obedience to the
e laws, human eir as well as divine. Like th
to- cloud by day, and the sillr of lfire yo
night, yours will be the holy miselion tog
rguide us o the path which leads tc the
Sprslctice of civic and religious virtueat,
fe and to the observance of "peace on earth I
to man of good will "
er Thrice welcome, then, is your advent
Ssiherel', to a take of thell high and re
Sesponsile ition to we hich yon have beell
iappointed , as Bishop of th Dit ollcl si of
Natchitoches! You haveny coutryme, I n tonlbr I
with your own free will and accsiord, to
reside our lng a people who arte noted rofS I
ther o theirll rjiscnt isfortuhe es, thaof Gol
e nto your for slloc genero. s self-abnega
S R ight Reverend Bishop, I ho'lgt int- ny
iihan lt cerd tiie d opyrtor of ta rysoltiosn llo s
"' elco hm tile City Aushopities, in retionf th
Sto the lnifestati prins whiof Ntchit are lsig
dlae nlw . Receive .ld keep it, r
h end it, as toke of thl high r i an
B esteem wthich we entr-ain tr he learn- 1
isigishe citizen, who it Iculi ls would lt e to 12
,o la holleor to any country to nllnt. er i
Sallo of oher chi ol'ln l are evot
to-May yll never regret this occasion lur it
lo yot r days be ll g i the and tir ofur yon i
thll opiI; :ird whe l ydilr hlhors crele tdo l
lic Ilhy ylouc. heartily breat livliwag stlhy at oh
ShAfter which Mayor Dange inr
dIt ed thSe orator of the dlay, chosen to
wer come the Blisshop, on the partf of all the 1
citizoins, it thecom earth anl they bclodiy to
wis lc to te yourllr arrival lt to mnkilst. Vr- l
to do. of our good pois ripe are devout te rca- 2
hperents rof the. Cathe solic fersith and their 2
Emanhelrts awere Roilled with joy mand ged ss, 2
Sloeonnot aong te," Theyould thereforel
lout its Slf ahtrd anert, lth ougnl ing if- 2I
freat flengthlds, they tight the oiinn. It foe. 31
the onl for we of, digierent creed do 61
and true followers of the crossand asre christi
Sbrind are alike heirs of thpeace Heandvenly iness Il
SReverend Sir: T slvatin. As the frdisciplese ift of tJesus 1
were o all, nint issionteded toin behalf of all th
nations of the tearth andover they belong notot
itIn this world of evil and of wickednesself a
thero e theris sueforly enough for alling, and n
to do. "The Harvest is ripdo e elbut come rea,
perI bt as are few.io Those soldiervices of "Kinga lost
Emansel were deasolemnly coand sacred "'tto the Soth
ploveante another" a nd shoul therefore t
live and allt in conert, although in dif-atly
frent fields, they fight the common foe.rd t
SThe Biessence of opreliedgion is love to Goda
and to our fellow-man and as such iti
bringeth harmony, peace ayond my ehappinesscta
yea! alvatio.n. As the free gift of ViGck
barg the waters cover thewn so." Without and
it, the world is a wasto come and life itself a
crslace oftherefore hail your comingis, and
mynot opis a Priest only do we welcome you,it
ibutetio as a patriot whose services asin a lost
SIhighc, corw realling and eminent alent greatly
eitishamarmerwhere and at nil timc. .
and, especially, towards you. I had
no donht or misgivings in egar;d to
the future before tie; for a Catholic
iy Blishop is always a friend and at horne
s, everywhere. The allusion, Mr. May
d or, which yon hLave mado to cerlain
ar ncts of mine in the past, has called up
a recollections that have moved me
ty deeply. I did all I could to alleviate
Ic the soiows and misfiortunes of my
ft fellow-citizens; and my only regret
in is, that I coull not do more. In re
ga:rd to the citizens at large, Mr. Jack.
i- wh, are of litfirent creeds, I \ill
- ffrankly own that as a ('atholic b;ishop,
a. y preference will Ie for those of my
own tlhck, althlotgh I wrill have char
,i- ity for all. It belongs to God, alone,
n to judge as to who is right ! I have
r-. comi, indeed, to cast my lot, atid to
share your poverty, with you. I rely
on the good-will, the Co operation,
and prayers of all the citizens of my
- I)iocese.
S 'The c.hillren's addresses wero de
Ir livered by Master Johnny Suddatlh
tf and Miss Lilly Sompayrac to which
., the Bishop respondtled in a happy
p- manner.
' His Emninence then received person
as al introduction to many citizens, la
"- dies and gentlemen. After which
Y they withdrew, greatly pleased with
ºI' the tone of the Bishop's inaugural and
trusting he would sincerely receive the
re hearty co-operation of his people in
lit his endeavors to do good to all.
ot ('ourt Expenses.
is It is a curious feature in Louisiana
5, taxation, andt the consideration of
\ which we commeud to those of our
p- friends that see so much good in the
i esen Constitution, that all of the
Is monies collected, or the greater
"- amount, in the way of parish taxes,
is expended in feeing officials and in
t criminal expensee.
h' We have called attenion to this
c'
ig fact time oun again, as regards our
f parish, and we have seen it mentioned
in more than one paper in the State
n with regard to other parishes. Roads
- Bridges, Schools, Public Buildings,
l &c., are utterly neglected and sadly
d wanted, and the large amount col
lected in the way of taxes is swallow
if ed up in expenses incurred in the
il trial of petty thieves and in the sala
i ries of the thousand and one officials
a that are saddled upon the people.
s Cannot something be done to cor
i- rect this abusel
'R -- -..f .-- --
ýe Marriage Licenses.
Mr. W. H. Tunnard, Clerk of the
o Court, kindly furnished us with the
following list of Licenses issued from
h his office since his assuming charge:
June, 1i77.
5th Leon Greneaux & M. A. L. IIertzog.
8th Wan. Dillon and Hantnah Slaughter.
10th Peter leed and Harriet El.
I2th (G. S. Hatnett and Emnmnn Nowl:an.
13th W. H. Ware and Mary E. Garza.
" 15th A. B. Frame and Mathler 31. Myers.
16th Jolhnson Ilatliff and Mrs. I). Winh,.
"2"2d liavid Aiidilr's.oni and Aurelia lr'edieu.
25th I'rsin lHochal and Mary A. L'lohwns
r311th G,,orge Nixon antd Eva Towiis,:d.
:10th Addison Monlton nid Ellct White.
3oth Timn Williams and Patsy Caesar.
July, 1877.
II 2nd J'an M. Frecliede and M.J. Argon.
h 3d S. C. Moore 1and Emily E. Tucker.
:t1i Pt citr Wilkius anid Mary D)orev.
II ithi Didi,,r Lacou:r and M. I.achal.
12th 1!. P. Cronswell and L. O. lnsscll.
e 12:h Polite Johlson aiindl Amelia Smith.
S1::th Fr;anlk Hutchet and Idelia Harrison.
r 1 4th Joseph JolHson and Vic.. Achille.
I(ith W. P. Martin atnl Charlotte Mixon.
;20th W. L. P'etersand Mary 8. Gillen.
r 2-th Adamti ,Jamles alid Cin. A. Hlornhill.
- 23th A. W. Brown atid Antina C. Fredrick
S2.irh Thios. (lece aud Lottee Willians.
I 28th Baplt, Williams and A. C Will,'.
August, 1.'77.
1st J.. II. WTeck1s anld Solihroiia Jones.
3rd F. 3I. Simmon.s aln s. L. Mitcheill.
iI 3rd Adam Smiith aind ILilly A. Rainwater.
, 4thl John Diails awd Catharine Tucker.
9th A. P. I.achlal and Mario A. Mtctoyer.
lIlth Felix Coiint and ZilhtIIa lCaihal.
l1th Chas. A. Stmart anid Mrs. V. Watty.
18th Wilkins Hollins anl Lucy Lighiltfoot
r 22nd Mat. l'restcl Iand Lizta lobertson.
r 21st WilsonMy'Irs and Kitty Holmies.
23rd .Jacob l)avis anid lRachel l'orter.
- 2th Hall 13Bloomer antid Lucinda Hal. I
r 2 :th Valcouir Morceau t uand J. F. Lemoinc.
"2t9th Adolphus White aml Milly Dixon.
r:30th Frank Caldwell and Cou. Johnson.
1 Septemnher, 1877.
, Ist M. V. Clary and Caroline Gartman.
1st Joel Turner anl Jane JIlastan.
,I1t Pigrnam Pleasant and Elsie Pleasant.
S3rd1 Nicholas Silvie and EmIily Ap)olgate.
5th Cato Bishop, and Lovinia Devenport.
i ith Bazile Pralo 'and Rachal Walker.
13.th Houston Edens and Martha Hollins.
13thl Joseph 'rThonmas and Aug. Townsend.
I 14th Lee Roy and Priscella Wallace.
16th David Jackson and Julia Morris,
17th J. J MeCaiu and M. E. Payne.
S19th Joe Pierson and Mary A. Lambre.
24th Germain Ratchal and M. E. Frame.
'24th R. F. ioliuan and E. J. Carney.
26th E. Jerno andl Laide Pascale.
27th Newville Lopez to Mrs. Mary R Otis
2)th Louis Douglas and L. Ann Jackson.
Octoher, 1877.
2nd Greenbunry Palmer and E. Palmer.
3rd I)r. T. A. Carter and Sarah L. Smith.
6th John Watts to Rochal Patterson.
9th John Revels and Cheny Green
11th Xavier Plaisance and Jeou. Higgine.
13th Prenius Phillips and Eliza Banks.
IN the Southern States, the po
litical negro is no longer, so says the
New York Herald, the Pomp of pow
er.
We beg to call the attention of the
taxr-payers of this parish to the friet
that by paying their taxes at once
they will escape heavy penalties. But
a short time remains within which to
settle up their dues, which they hon
estly owe as citizens, after which time
the penalties, unless removed by leg
islation, and that cannot occur until
toolate to save property from sale,
will be enforced which will more than
double the amount of taxes they would
now pay. Let the citizens look to it
and call early on the tax collector.
THe MJarshall (Texas,) Herald, ed
ited by Colonel R. W. Longhery is on
our table. We exchange with plea
sure.
d T!IE CONSTITUTIOS OF 1s68.
to [Oachitia Te'ralphl.]
sc Ae have taken the tronble to over
c 1haul the jliriinalsl of the coilvention of
'. 8I(. Amlling the docIItIUnts record
ed in that book, we tiinl two indig
;innt protests agaiinst the adoption of
l the lipresent coistitoilion. Bith of
to these pllrotsts are ill tih, very plillnest
tc termns, and in the light of wlhat has
since transpired, sc,,n almost prolph-l
et ic. The first we offer is the protest
t of Judge' T. S. C'rawforld, a :1an well
e- known fil" his legal 'learningi and his
k fdevliiln to the l pin'lluilitan prarty.
ill Jilde Crt(a ford, a deilegate to the
o i ,li ni l, Iiled the neil ;ed protest
i. l against the cons titution of Lulisiali
bly ller which the toi t is now ruled :
r Th11e nndetsi uºAd uiitnihera of the
cI.Ii tiii o ill tlofl l tio tig t, o lhe Stateq
' of iºuisiatt ll espect f i) e lfl.v ii bl, nits
t the riollwit g ascitiz l to ol he reasons
to \hiich imtpel hiin to vote ia :ainst the
iS adoption of the cons.titution framed
by this conventioni
1. In the hill of Iights, social equnal
ity is attimlpted Co be enforced, agll
the right of citizens to control their
own pioperty is attemplited to be taken
fihom i thtii.
2. A judicial systemii has been atlop
od i which, in my opinion, is radically
iv dfective and " ill render unicertai
and inr ecure the rights to property
luand the lives and liberties of the peo
ple.
- 3. A system of public education has
,I been adoptedl, which, in riy opinion,
l1 will foice heiavy conitributions fromi
id the tax-ayer of tile State and will en
tirely prevent any public schools
le fromi beintg carried into ellect, and
in tend to prevent the risinlg gencration
from being educated, and to entail
upon the State a large class of igno
rant inhliabitants, and will subject the
State to the exclusive control of the
lf ignorant and uneducated.
4.f . A system of plroscription is ad
ar opted which attemipts to deprive a
ie large class of citizens of the privilege
of voting or holding office who are
ie liable to pay taxes and assist in bear
r ing the burden of government, and
the manner ofl' restoration is calculated
in to invite the mean and unprincipled
to participate in voting and holding
office, and to drive away the good
and honorable.
ir 5. The oath of office is inconsistent
,4 with the constitutioin, is absurd, dis
e graceful and ridiculous.
6. The direct tendency of tile con
C stitution, as a whole, is to engender
s, and perlpetuate a state of strite be
tween the citizens of the State, to
I such an extent as will lead to hostile
collisions, anarchy and the utter sub
version of all law and government 1
ie that the adoption of the constitution
1. will drive many good citizens from
Is and prevent emigration to the State,
retard her progress, destroy her in
ternal improvements, blight her pros
r- perity, and destroy her peace and
halppiness.
lie respectfully asks that these rea
sons be entered upon the journal of
e the convertion.
T. S. CRAWFORD,
e Of Caldwell and Ouaclhita.
U Five days subsequent, on the 7th
of March, 1565. the following protest
was entered by Judge Ludeling and
John lBarrett, Esq., against the adop
tion of tile present constitution :
'IThe undersignied iernibers of tilhe
. constitutional convention of thire State
of Louisiana resplectfully submit the
following as some of the reasoins
which impllel them to refuse to sign
Sthe constitution which the conven
Stion has framned:
1st. Because, in the bill of rights,
social eqiuality is atteuipted to be en
folrced, and the rights of citizeus to
coiitrol tIheir own Iprioperty is attemnp
Sed to be token frhln them for the ben
efit of ithe colored race.
2d. Because a judicial system has
been adopted which is radically de
fective, which renders uncertain and
. insecure the rights to property and
the liberties of the people.
S3d, Because the proposed constitu
tioni dtlisfrachisei a large, influential
alid intelligeut class of citizens of the
SState. This is iritiolitic, dangerous
and Iunljust, and is opllposed to repub
lican piincillcs.
4th. Beecause a systenm of public
education is forced Ul1l0o thie people,
whieliy the whites who are to sup
. port tihe scholol by taxes loevied on
their lnroperty, will be practiclly de
Sbarred of thie adviantages of tile pub
lic schools. Mixed schools will not
elevate the negroes, but will debase
t the whites. Another effect of this
system will be the neglect of the
ednucation of thie colored children.
5th. The oath ofoffice is incousis
. tent with the dist'ranclising clause of
I thie constitution, and is absurd.
ithl. The direct tendency of tihe
constitution, as a whole, is to estab
. lish negro supremacy inu the State.
The undersigned believed that the
adoption of the constitution will
*drive many citizens firom and will
pirevent emigration to the State, re
tard her progress, destroy her in
trnal imiprovements and blight her
prosperity.
They, therefore, respectfully ask
that these reasons may be entered
upon the journ'al of tile convention.
JoIIN T. LUr)ELt(i.
Of Ouachlita and Caldwell;
JNo. L. BARRET,
Of Union.
The Ohio Election.
Bishops' (Dem.) majority 23 to
25,000. The State Central Commit
tee of Ohio estimates Bishope' ma
jority at 25,000. 76 Counties have
been heard from, which show a net
Democratic gain of 27,537. The
House of Representatives will have
76 Democrats, 39 Republicans and 2
Greenbackers. T;he Senate stands 25
Democrats, 10 Republicans. Demo
cratic majority on joint ballot, 50
This is certainly glory enoughl for one
day.
We beg to call attendion to the ar
ticle from the Ouachita Telegraph,
I published in this week's issue, embra
cing Ludelings', Barrets', and Craw
fords' protest against thie present
Constitution. Those journals that
oppose the Convention will do we'll
t' cut it out and paste it in their hats.
Sam Randall Esq., of Pennosylvania,
was nominated by thie Democratic
caucus for Spcaker of the House of
Reprosscntatives.
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS,
SU('(' Es.ION SALE,
Sucressliou of I ictorine Gaynier, dec'd.
I N ACCORDANCE willh contract anl
agreement Iimade hyl the heirs in said
si'te.ssion anid iled i t du I v in the ire
cllh1tr's oflice pa:rishl of Natcliitoclhis I
I will otler fIr sale to the last andl high
t-st hidhler on the ilauttatiuon of the dc
c'ltasl'd inear Ca lniet, La. oni
IIadchsdal/, Aorpember 7th, 1x.77,
the f(llowing destcridtl propelrty to Wit:
The north west :quarter of south west
qll:larter of section 28, township 12, northl
ra.;lg t; west o(ntll itin tllll 33-11100 ('l'd ;
solt Ii west qllarter ofi orth i l :tt n'lltlirt
-'tion 21, township IN. north rmate 6
w\V:.t ctntainiu-ll11g :33-l110 ai'r,.s; southl
half tof ntorth ;Iast qall'tll t sEl'ltiotI) 2:,
toli,'ishllt 12, north ra re +, west, sout
t ill ting ll i l;-100 l.nles; (north eI st qlllll '
l.t' of sl oth cast lIrttl e": we"st lhl of
sI uth e'st qnartler, setlctionl 2o, tolwn.slhiil
13, nIrth r';Un4.; 8 w ,st, count:aininq4 121
27-I10lr) ict's; amounting in all to I wo
htindulred tid eighty two and 19-101
ctres iof land.
Ald also the followui g descrihed inove
ale|lt prolperty: Out horse, one large
oiX w~aitn, onel sii:Ill two hllese waigoin,
210 heail, tiuore or less, of ( :t tl e.
T'ermus and Conditions of Sale:
CA.<l on, the ;liot.
R. P. Q'UARLI'S.
Oat 20-tds.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
J. S. S. Stephens, vs. F. M. lartman.
Parish Court, Parish of Natchitoches.
No. 10(;(2.
j) VIRT'1;7 of a writ of 1'i. Fa., issued
I) in the above entitled rand otuhtired
suit and toe e directed. I have seized
and will offler for sale to the last anl
highest hidder at the door of the court
house in the city and parish of Natchi
toches, lon
Saturday the 3d day of orenmber, !F77,
the following described property, to-wit
A certain tract of land with the lUiih
ings and inlljproveinaltsl thelneo sitnated
in the Parish of Natchlitoches in.the State
of Louisiana being the sonlth west quarter
of section No. 25; the north west quarter
the northI half of the south west quarter
of the south east quarter and the south
west of the north east quarLte of section
No 33 and the south east qnarter of soc.
No. 29 in township 9 north range 9 west
containing six hundred and forty acres,
said tract of land being better known
and descrihed in the townships maps in
the Land Ollice as a Rio IHondo claim of
the ,legal represeantati yes of Antonio Mora
No. I.1 iand desiglnated in said tnalp as
section 39 township 9 north range 9 west
Register and Receiver's report 1~10.
Terms of Sale :
CASH
D. II. BOULLT, .Tn.
Oct 13 - tds. Sheriff.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
Jean Conant, Administrator, et. al. vs.
H. O. Roques- Parish Court-No 913.
Jean Conant vs. H. 0. Roque- Parish
Court-No 941
BY VIRT'E of two writs of Fi. Fa., is
B ined in the above entitled and unum
hetred suit and to me directed, I have
seized and will offer for sale to the last
and highest bidder at the door of the
conrt-housle in the city and parish of
Natchitoches on
Saturday the 17th day of Nor. 1877,
the following descrlhed property, to wit:
A certain tract of land situated on
Cane river, aboult 19 miles lbelow the
lands of N. P. Mletoyer and below by
lanls of Tereneo CliaEr containing sixty
ares, more or less, together with all the
il dintgs and improveoments thereon.
Terms of dale.
CASH-with the heunefit-of aplnisement.
D. 11. BOULLT, Ju.
Oct. 13 tds. Sheriff.
SUCCESSION SALE.
Succession of A. LH. Pierson St., Dec'd.
I} Y virtnim of an orihir of the 1rot. the
)l Parish Court in and foar tlhe Parislh
of Natlhitlotches, and tio me adldressed, I
will sell to the lanst and highest hiddller
at the Court ltouse door in the city and
parish of Natchitoches, on
Monday the 28th dal of October, 1877,
the fidilowing described property, belong
ing t said successionll, to-wit:
A certain honse and lot known as the
Office, situated on the north side of St.
)en is ,,reeat., houndid on the east by
oflice of Mr.s. John ]lir Smithi, anl on
the west by property of Mrs. Ausito Ron
bien.
Terms of Sale.
On a credit of twelve months with
goodll ana ilpiro\'ed securiti y.
D. II. BO1LLT. ,Jt.,
Oct. 13-tds. Sheriflf.
NOTICE.
Succession of E. L. Pierson.
It A. IIOSAT, Administrator having
1 tiled in the Clerk's office his final ac
count of uminefistration of the successiou
of E. L. Pierson praying for the homolo
gation of the same and for discharge as
administrator, notice is herelay given to
all whomn it may concern, to fileo their op
positions thereto in ten days or the pray
er of the petitioner will be granted
Witness the Hlon. P. A Simmons, Par
ish Judge.
W, I. TUNNARD,
Oct 13-2i. Clerk.
NOTICE.
Successiona of Matilda Glostion, dec'd.
R AFORD BLUNT, administrator of the
succession of Matilda Golston, dec'd.
having filed his final account in said suc
cession, with his petition praying for the
hoeologation of the same, notice is here
by given to all person interested, to show
cause within ten days from the pt blica
tion hereof why petitioner's prayer should
not be granted, and his bond cancelled.
Whitness the Hon. P. A. Simmons, par
ish judge.
W. II. TUNNARD,
Oct. 13-2i Clerk
NOTICE.
Succession of Marie Louise colon aMais,
ded'd., wife of Louis Monette.
LEOPOLD CASPARI having filed his
petition praying to be appointed ad
ministrator of the said succession, notice
is here ay given to all persons interested
to show cause within ten days from the
publication hereof, why petitioner's
prayer should not be granted.
W. H. TUNNARD.
Oct 13 -2i
SUCCESSION SALE.
Succession of Suzette Morin, Vre Lou
is Morin, Dec'd.
DY virtue of an order of the Honora
1)ble Judge of the Parish Court of
Natchitoches, I will offer for sale at the
late residence of Widow Louis Moran, on
Wednesday, the 7th .Norember, 1877,
the following described property belong
ing to said Succession, to-wit:
A certain tract of land in this parish,
containing abont four hundred atpents,
more or less, situated in Ile Bre'elle, on
both sides of Cane River, bounded above
by land of Mine C. R. Roques, below by
lands of Jean Conant and Jerry Jones,
with all the improvements thereon, said
land being divided in lots, and will be
1 old in lots of one hlundred arpents, siIore
orl less each.
Lot No. 1. On the right side of said
rivetr, descelnding, bounded below by
IJerry JclolneCs.
Lot No. 2. Oil right side, hounded
above liv Mle. C. N Roqnlcs.
Lot No. 3. O1 hleft side. hounlded above
Ihy Min'. C. N. iilne's.
Lot No. 4. Oni l'ft side, Iioutii'd below
lV Ji'ai Conant.
Also a certain lot of household furni
ture, & e.
Terms of Sale.
For the imovaillhs Cash. The laiilds,
one fiinrth Cilsh, a d the l lialance playa
Ile in equalill instalieniits it one aIini two
''ets from day of sale. Purcha:iseri to
give their Not's for the credit terni,
paiyale respi'tlliVi'ly, one and two y.ear.;
friiii day ol' of salt, to the orlder of the Ad
iilistlato: , I 'hearing i 1er cent iltcit'ret
frow day iof sale, the notes to Ihe s'ured
b\"i special li lrtlllgage and vciidor's privi
lee' ri tiimilL and the sale to lWe lilaLd
with the clause of iio1i alienation.
C. II. M(tIi ,
Oct G6-dt. Athiiillistrator.
SUCCESSION SALE.
SuIcccssion of .A hnise l[ctofcr, U'le C.
N. loqutes, Jr.
BY Vir tue of an orlder of the lHoniorable
.J Iutl~e of thlie l'arish Court of Niatch'lii
tochlies, I will otler fot'r sale on the Ilrentis
is of thle late rs.idetice of the deceased,
oin
Wlrednesday, the 7th Norember, 1877,
the following dc:;tribed property of said
Successionl :
A certain tract of land in the parish of
Nat chitelhes, ion tlhe right hlank descend
ing of Canie lliver, houniided above by J.
I E. ilolhPes, Ibelow lV lllermogene uocllles,
in the rear liy A. M. M3etoiyr, and in
I front by Cape i iver, containing one
- hundred and twenty arpents, more or
- less.
Terms of Sale.
SOne third cash, tlie balance payale in
twielve months, tihe pullchaser to execute
his nIote's flli tihe credit tirn, paya lle to
the c-rdelr of the Administrator, in twelve
mont hs from day of s:ale, aild learinig 8
l. er c'nt interest trilil ilday of sale, anud
to be seemlled by special mortgage and111
vendorls lpri\ile"e rettiied, aInd the sale
to ble made with the clause of non-alienlla
tion.
ALEX. DI'MAS METOYERt,
Oct. 6-5t. Administrator.
SHERIFF'SSALE.
C. S. iHunt & Co., vs. J. MeD. Tayloy,
District Court, Parish of Natochitochcs.
No. 7898.
DY vIrtue of a writ of Ft. Fa. issued
by thie honorable District Court,
Parish of Natchitoches, I have seized and
will offer for sale on
Saturday, the 20th October, 1877,
at the plantation on Cane River, about
six miles below the city of Natchito.
ches, known as the Taylor Place, the
following property seized as the property
of the defendant, to-wit:
One Steam Engine,
One Shaft extra, 20 feet.
One Horse Power.
One lot belting, one Pulley.
Terms of Sale.
Cash-with the benefit of appraise
ment. D. H. BOULLT, JR.,
Oct. 6-3t. Sheriff.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
Writ of Fi. Fa. on Twelve Months Bond.
B Y VIRTUE of a writ of Fi. Fa. issued
by the lion. Parish Court of the par
ish of Natchitoches and to me directed,
Issiaedl on a twelve . months bond of Anm
broio Deblioulus eal Mrautllo Drllleu x,
aided and authorizedl by her lhulsband
Alexanlider I)eblieux. in favor of Aaron
H. Pierson, Synldic of the creditors lt the
snlcessionll of Jean B. Cloutier, Sr., dec'd.
I have seizmed and will offer for sale to
the last and highest Ilidder at the door
sf the court-hlouse in the city and parish
of NatchitOelies n11
Saturday tile 3d day of Xoroember, 1877,
thle following describedl property, to-wit
I. A celrtain plantation sitnuated about
seven l iihes beliw thlio town of Natlchito
chlis, on both sides of Little Red River
alnd containing about 176 superlicial ar
licenlts anld Ieing the samine acquired from
J. J. Lanibre by plllic aet on the 20thll
Novelllber, 1"27, with all the buildings
alnd inliprovenenlts thereon.
2. Anotlher tract of Land on the right
banuk of Little River hdescending, c-ntain
ing ablout 211 44-100l arpllents Ibounded be
low by thile tract aliove described andll
labove iy the lalnd descricd in' N'o. , ithti
llolwwiti g tract, with all thie inIplovie
Illenits thereon, thle samlii acquiired firoll
J. B. O. Bunard il bly public act on the 16th
February, 1862.
3. Another tract oU thle right hllank des
ecndiltig said river next above tlhe tract
ldescrihed in No. 2. ablove, containing
abollt 117 85-100 arlclpents, llore fully dles
criliid ill thle inventory, alndl tile s:llne c
quircd frout Joseplh Soldini by public act
onil the '211 December 1858.
Also all of tile lpreselit growing crops
of ornl and cotton on said plantation or
tract of land.
The ahlove described lands will be sold
as one pllantation.
Terms of Sale
CASII, in readly money without the
benlfit of appraisclient.
D. II, BOULLT, JR.
Sept. 29 tds. Sherilt.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
John Syvester vs. Frank Mitchel.
BY VIRTUE of a writ of seizure andl
sale in the above entitled suit and
to me directed, I have seized and will of
fer for salo to the last and highest hid
der, at the door of the court-house in tIhe
city and parish of Natcllhitoclhes, on
Saturday Norember 3d, 1877,
the fiollowing described property, to-wit :
A certain tract or parcel of land situ
ated in the parish of Natchllitoches, State
of Louisiana, and being all that portion of
the south west quarter of section numlberr
seven in township lnumber ten, range
numlber seven, lying soulth of Bayou
Bourbeux, and contai;ling one hundrced
aclres, more or less, together with all the
buildings and imnprovemnents thectmn.
1'erits of Sate :
CASH, with the benefit of appraisement.
D). H. BOULLT, Ja.
Sept. 29-tde. Sheriff.
SUCCESSION SALE.
Suctcession of Joln Wladdel, dcc'd.
BY virtue of order isasued and directed
Sto me by the Hen. Parish Court of
the parish of Winn, State of Louisiana,
I will offer for sale to the last and high
est biddler, at or near the premises to be
sold, on
Wednesday, 31st day of October, 1877,
the following described tract of land,
situated in the Parish of Natchitaches,
State of Louisiana, on the south side of
Red River, in idwnship seven (7) range
six (6) weet, containing three hundred
and forty-two aid I acres, more or less,
being lits 2 and 3, in a track of anJ eona
tainini .14 acres; bounded on the North
by Re0 River, ore the east by Atbao river',
opposite the land of Pierre Brosset1
'ersae of Sate
CAH-snbjet J to appraisettlment,
ep LFARED WADDELL,
Sept. '2.-tds. AdmiDistrator.
NOTICE.
,Rttresion of Vtalcry Gaienale.
TERENCE CHALER, Administratb of
the Sn;-ces Ion of Vanlery flaienni
having filed in the Cerk's ofilce his in
t of i ratio of ' mid suC
cession, notice is hlrilv gi\en to ali
wlhomi it aV (colicern, to file their op.
h':itili thereto in tenill , otherVw,
W'itinis lth lHon. 1'. A. Silmllolns, Par.
iýlh Judge.
W II. TUNNARD
Oct. 13. 2i. Cler
'P E tCI.ITL ý'O! 0 c71t
*r.i'rI , T '\x ('d' l Ir.r.I:º" I's b o )I'"ICE
Notch it hclh' , La., ()ct. 15,1877.
Ani imprI',iI sjn,.rm. to lprevail anion,
imi:nv l'rIns, that tlhe Auditor has sx.
tciiil'eil I1i ,l:ate ,of alY,.vmi;t of taxes, I
]low otfno la, autholitinii the Auditor
or anyv oi.e els to sunsld the IIeienae
law at will.
'Thi, law whicih governs tax collectors
is inile,.rativ :and tih'y have no option
but to o.ie" it.
In the desire to save Irouilble and iot
to tax payers I agn nti all perw
iiitrecsted that ! shall l ecute the i
litterally.
L. N. LANE,
Oct 20 tr. Tax Collector.
Book 4 Job
PRINTING,
ST. DENIS STUN,
NATCdIIITOCHES, LA;
--oo-
We would respectfully call the atteb
tion of Merchants, Lawyers and alloth.
crs il need of Job 'rinting, to our upe
rior facilities for the prompt and taster
(-xecution of everything needed in that
line. We have first-class practical works
ilenll elmployed, and personally attend to
everything entrusted to us, and arethu
enabled to give our patrons just wLh
they want.
EVERY DESCRIPTION
` -OF
1OOE & JOB
PII.TING,
SUCH AS
BILL HEADS,
LETTER HEAD$;.
NOTE HEADS,
BILLS OF LADING,
STATEMENTSi
DRAY TICKETS,
ENVELOPES,
CIRCULAS,
CARDS,
LABELS,
POSTERS,
PROGRAMMES,
AUCTION BILlS,
PAMPHLETS,
INVITATION,
BALL TICKETS,
BRIEFS,
CHECKS.
NOTES,
DRAPTRI.
We do all kinds of Job Work at thi
VERY LOWEST PRICES
and our styles are not to be surpauoeA
LOST OR STOti.1
ONE Treasury Due Bill in favor d
bearer, Registered July 21st, 187?,
signed by A. E. Lemee, ParishTream,
The public is hereby notifiednot t0
trade for same.
ALLAIIAUD PRUDIIOM&E.
Oct. 13.-3t.
PASTURE TO RENT.
A LARGE Bernlda Pasture will hi
rented to stock drivers cheap.
Apply to II. P. ANTILLEY,
At the Debleiux place, opposite town.
Oct. 20-lm.
W Fall Season.
--00-
J. A. DUCOURNAII,
Corner FRONT AND CHURCHII Street,
Natchitoches, La.
UST received a fine lot of
JEANS,
DRESS OOOD~,
FLANNELS,
LINSIES$
CROCKERY W~ABS
IIATS AND SHIIOES.
{ * At prices to defy coOl
petition. M
JOSEPH C KEYSEL
Brickmaker and Layer.
ts PREPARED to do all work ettlpi
I to him quickly and in a wotkrnmeol
manner. Tomb, Chimneys, Clet' '
other work solicited.
Orders left at BULLARD & CA*P
BEILL'S will be promptly attended t0
Jan. 27, Iy:
THE GRAND RAFi'FL
fbr the Picture "NAt'CIlTOChU? aid"
take place on
Saturday, orchab er 10tk, 187'
The ticket holders innt select the U$
and place.
Oct. 13-4t.