(" ,;. . ,:, fs , . • - ,l ,
.NATCI. - -( T I I S
u~in-\ - - Aiiil 2!9 1-('
: 4 s q :t:l " ',.. - I , , 1, ! 0 I , ' I li ! , 1:!1
f itstuaru.t... ý 'El :t ur') ; !' " I i t . IT O
7 wpitt e v.'. li h 1,1. is *, " T,.t
R l : .  I  :1.1 :,
All 4' i t! i . . ' 1 ri .hl r a \ ' i 1 t;'; '}l it' I,'.
)I vqtnie ... i i o 13 . I h .`!r ci 5d it t .
caud ot inhraia ; ' rtIs 1g((l s (ltat .
All fcha 4 in allverti= iit. to le,
chargeld :a if r:.n,.
Tr:ansieni t :atve;t.'.ntlictlls nt!ist Ihe lIid
foril ill :Il1'lrlne.
All .ills witl, r u'clar u'll ver i-tisr 'en
dered tua:trtt'rly.
One in(h oft sll rvie emonstitte, a
Oarne Cp w iiiin i taletiu . 1otics heynI (O
the simphle "non i ntv l rill'solutions or
cards of th[anks, charged as atheltisel
Rates of ,ubscripltion.
One Caopy one yeat'........................ 2.(!(i
One Copy 1iK tmo t1h. ............... ...... ,0
(Payahl6 lbi atldvnee.)
THIS PAPER IS ON FILE WITI
Where Advertlang Conracts can be made.
W. W. SHA l P &. ( ..
PI!,LIct*IIERS' AGE TS,
Arc autlhorized to .contract for ad.
vertising in our panper.
Church Notice.
On the "Oth of April, the second 'nn
'lay after Eastvr, a Mission by ti1T. 'Re
ilemptionist Fathers, is to he opened at
the Catholic Church of Natcehitoelces
F. MAR'TIN.
April 22-2t. Rector.
Rally ! Rally!
A Mass meeting of tho votcrs of
the 12th Ward, is cal ed to take place
at tle Court-house, to-day, (Satur
day) at 12 o'clock, M. It is hoped
and earnestly requested that every
one interested in the triumph of Ithe
Democratic-Conservative Party, will
turn out and give us a full attendance.
The meetinn is call for the purpose
of choosing delegates to the Parish
Convention, to meet here on tihe 8th
May, next.
Why is 1liarshal S. B. Packard
now like Othello was ? Because
"his occupation is gone."
The MTale 1 igh School is now in
successful operation at this place
with a pretty good number of
pupils under the efficient direction
of W. C. Jack, principal.
Any one wanting to subscribe
to the New Orlhans Democrat, a
first-class family and political
newspaper, should apply to J. II.
Cosgrove, Agent
Attention-Members of the 12th
Ward Democratic--(Conservative
Club will meet at the Court-honls
at 12 o'clock M., precisely, to-day,
(Saturday.) Every member will
be expected to put in an appear
ance at that hour.
The river is rapidly falling at
this place, and in a short while it
will be impossible for boats to
come here.
We would mcal the attention of
onr country friends, to the card of
A. E. Lemee, Notary Public, pub.
lished in! another column.
L.Cartel keeps "straight whis.
ky" constanly on hand; says he
does not deal in ' crooked."
At this present writing, (Wednes
day) a gentle, slow, rain is falling,
.Which is very much needed in this
section for .tl.e crops-as few of
our planters have yet a good stand
of corn or cotton. The cotton
seed planted in the "stiff lands"
will not come up until we have a
good soaking rain, aufficient to
wet the ground thoroughly.
. Just think of it, after waiting pa
tiently for the Thursday's mail from
New Orleans, it came, but as empty
as a contribution box in a cougrega
tion of country chrisatians.
The rain that commeniced to fall
_e Weduesdna. evening, enlminated
Thured.ay morniung in a regular soak
er tholroughly wetting tihe grouud
all aultcieutly to germinate seed of
Any kisd,'in auy land, however "stiff.'
This will make smliiig faces among
our.plapters for previously they had
become somewhat, discouraged at the
S rildsitild P ' i ather, but noar .
"Km( d~tai ofcoreu aUdcqgra is cEr
*tat, sdadll thd have to do to inuore
#d-ero , is t, o enltivate it efficients
hi. iia ltti . Mna .ue Great
-. . -5 . .
'" "
An Allegory.
:t a ccertain country there was
kn: vn to exist a Ihuge monster, Wltho
for mai:y tears had been laying eve
ry tliug~ iii waste, causing death and
destlretlio to all arou ml, hy its pes
tilterous breath and deadlf touch. In
its track nothini iprospered, hut a
withering dsoal,:ntio spread throngh
out the land whe e its ptIsence haul
bieen inown Iland fell, people dreaded
it as much as they had feared the ft
tl di ~sete known as the " lhilek
I)"nal h," which de'vastated the conn
Itries of Fl: trole in the first quarter of
the fourteen hiI centu iy.
'lThis h ideo.ls imon:ster, iil t its re
p,1gnI itt locou it :md deadly touch, eon
tinned its delretdations, spi "t"le in'
lenti ui l con lsht ' latlioll tlhrlO ehotl
the land, until l!,iteple Iegat to. fit ar
that in time it would devtor lie liv
illg, n ld leave nolthin lut bhleak and.
blasted Ihin in its march, andol heig
driven(H to deste i:ti,H 'and hiopeless
ness, thel de termiined to get rid of
the monsteIr at all hazard, and at all
costs. To live quietly at ltheir homes
was certain runi, for slowly the tmon
ster was creeping upon themn, threat
ening comnplete annihilation and titter
destrnetion. The alarm was sounld
ed, and it required no Peter, the ler
mit, to run from province to provintce
with crucifix in hand, to excite the
people to o he holy war, but all
good and faithful mien, gathered to
gethero t take conncil and devise
means to firee tlhemselves from the
Simpending evil anmd threatened deso
lationl, sure to follow upon the foot
steps of this diabolical beast.
The sond of nartu b!,rol npon the
ears of men who had been living m
fancied security, lit tTe dreamintg of
the overshadowing; calamity about to
fall upon them. Imagine with what
wonder they listened to the descrip
tion of this mighty monster, and how
nervonsly they clutched their bands
in spasmodic excitement when told
of the approaching danger, "Show
him to us," they all cried, "and death
shall be his portion," and at the mo
ment all were ready to put. on their
armor and start for the fray.
The more wise and thonghtful
among the crowd that had assembled,
restrained the impetuous and passion
ate, and told them that a little rea.
son and caution was necessary, for
they had to deal with a wily foe.
Great preparation was absolutely es
sential, as well as good discipline,
and perfect organization. They had
countmy to traverse where perimps
they would meet on their way ene
mnies, whom they knew not of, or did
not suspect: therefore, said the wise
men, before we can attack success
fully the great monster and coimmon
enemy, we must proephre ou rselves,
and be ready for the worst. By such
arguments as these, the fiery were re
strained arndl held back until com
peitC omganization was perfected, and
all felt themselves prepared to en
counter the foe, however formidable.
After the work of organization had
been comtlulted, the word of marech
was given, and all moved off with a
quick and lively step, actuated by a
coumnon motive, for their common
good. Ahead of them in the course
of their miarch, there existed a great
many petty rogues, sneak thieves,
vipers, renegade, sand all other things
that could be odious and contempti
ble in the sight of decent and honest
people. Now when this crew of de
lectable robbers heard of the great
excinement among the people, fear
and trembling came upon them, and
eachi one thought his hour of final
daomn had surely come, their guiilt
rose np before them anid they were all
satisfied that they deserved extrem-
punish.ent, but saw no way of es
cape, nnless through the mercy of
those they thought in persuit of them.
They cried out, "Spare us, ohl I peo
ple, our sins have been many, and
our works have been to your ruin,
yet in your mercy spare us, but if yeou
will not, here we are before you, withl
all of our jins upon its as sheep,
sheepish. We know our lives should
pay forfeit for our wrongs, and. now
that your indignation is so justly
aroused, we see no way of escape."
But what was their wonder when
they saw this patriotic band pass
them n inheeded by, paying them no
attention, except a few of the young
er members of the party, would oc
casionally grasp their arms as if not
capable longer of restraint, but suech
acts were always curbed by the more
thoughtful and cautious, by telhng
thlem of the great work they had in
view. After t this they persued their
way in perfect oilier, all thoughts
centered on the great monster they
were going to attack. Soon they
came up to him, and the battle be.
gan. The struggle was hard indeed,
for the monster was tanacions of lire,
and had been powerful iu the land,
not only through his own combined
strength, but heretofore had been
sustained by a powerful ally who,
in this the hour of his great need,
deserted him, having as much as he
could do to take care of himself. The
monster was left to his own resources,
.and to do his own fighting. It was
impossible, however, for him to with.
'~tand tin heavy' blows 4freited
against him, and 'the Argaummt a
a was toogreat for hdm, and .le
wistim frio-to oe sgro.as.
,: .
.--  ':' ' , :,' .. " -'> ,'' a-" . ": 
and as a little b1 Iplay, thought they
would-i.attend to the low, mean and
insigliti:eant objects Ihey had passed
coantemlptutously on tlheir way for the
destruction of the now dead and bu
ried monster.
As they retraced their steps, mut1"h
to their ashtonislmnel, th1,y l&hehlt
the countryt stling with jof 1y, peat'
and halppin:ss reignitg throtghouti
the land, cheerfliness was depicted
on (eery fice, and wheni they askedl
fur the :miertable hurdle they had left
htind them, nu one cldd or wouhl
tell of their cwherebolts, they only
poilnted uplwards and said, "you had
better ask the (;lreat Ilere.l'ter.:'
Oar deieg 'at-itn to the Convention
to e(s'lie hi here on' the Sill May.
next, sholud It' coll oustl d of outr btest
ll ; Itiele of know chlirlutater I tli
eilar.ged views, who are cpale of
dices or Ol(edlhkcltion1s, antd who will
go into the (o' nvent ion for hle gnlod
of the people, ithoigih his best and
dearest friend, should Ie overlooked.
From the very ilncepetio of this
canvass we Iutist have none, hut, good
and reliable men to represent nu. in
all our ('onventtions, and then we
may be sure of having unoljectimnta
ble men in oflice. ThIis is not the
time to think of friends to iewand,
this not the time to alnilow personal
liqutlts to dictate tfoolish acts ; this is
trot Ithe time to think of "first wifi:'s
relatious ;" this is not the timne to
think of self, hut it is the time to
conme fairly and squarely 1up to the
tmark, and with patriotic devotion,
fiorget every thing that coulid possi
Itly biass the better judlgment. If this
trintcirpal is p(ei'titted to conttrol the
aets of the Mass Meeting to take place
here to-day, we need have no feats of
the result.
If menlmbers, of the mneetig have
anylthig to say, we do not see, why
in God's name they cannot say it. If
men or measures are proposell in any
way oljectionable, and menuters ate
clearly convinced of the fact, there
is certainly nothing wrong inl themn
lifting up their voice to cry them
down. Let none but good men and
true, be senit to any Convention to
rejpresent the people this year, in
Louisiana.
A correspondent of the New Or
leans Democrat, nrging the claims of
Gen. ITIncock for the Presidenti;il
nomination at St. Louis, says:
In 1867 lie came with dictatotial
and despotic powers to commuand the
D)epartment of Loumsinna and Texas.
It was at the very. height of the sa
turnalia of Radical lawlessness.
States had been tramplled by the Iiad
ical ntajority in Congress. The Pre-l
sident stood at bay, powerless for
good. Thad. Stevens hain1 lollly ns
serted that the Con(stitutiot had n,
power to limit the actliot of that ma
jo ity. The Sont lhieril whlites were
disfranchisel by thon.ands. and the
negroes ltrought in heds: to the hallot
lox,. Military leaders like Sheridtai
set aside tile decrees of courts, car
ried elections by military ot ders, andI
the very germ of persn:til tights and
civil liberty s'eemedo dead. In this
f'earfld monment lantcock asserted the
snulremacnyv of thlie civil over the mnili
tary power, lifted the cruashedl and
prostrate form of the Constitutiot
from beneath the feet of the spoiler,
and in words that breathed tand bU'n
ed, and that will live till tihe last syl
lable of recorded time, ann,,otinced
lhat liberty was still the heritage of
the people.
His proclamation loere, his letter to
Governtor Pease, of Tex:s, his recent
written opinioii adjourinig the Bab
cock court of inquiry, all shiow. th:iat
his great mind is deeply imhtned with
tile printtciples of civil liberty, and
that with him reneration and res
pect fior the Constitution and the law,.
and the rights of the citizen are the
cardinal points of his political faith.
For these civic virtues, Radicalismn
throve him from his command, and
superseded himn with the lawless
Sheridan ; fior these, Grant remnoved
him fiom his command in the East
and sent him to the hlard campaign
life atmong the savages of the West
ern: frontier.,
..... ---- II, e -.4 ·, -- ... .
The Ball in Mlotion.
On last Monday ereninig the citzens
of this (12th Ward) after public notice
met at thie Court IHouse and organ
ized the camnpaign Democratic-Con
servative clud. This begins to look
like business and as if the peolple
were in earnest. A great many may
thtiink that it is rather early, but they
dshould remember a great deal of
workis to be done and there in not
too much thmo itdde it in. Tile one
great essential to success in a political
contest is, first orgamizattion, and that
so complet', thalnt every voter shall ,be
enrolled. We, therefore, hope that
none will be found outside of the
club in thlis ward who are friendly to
our caose.
The club was permanently organ
ized by electing W. E. ~I.ussell, Pres
ident, L. Caspari,. 1 lis Holmes,
William Payne, Vice-Presidents and
Geo. W. Kearney, Secretary and
Treasurer. -
The Redemptorist Fathers, Reve,.
Dehiram and Lammy, arrived Tuesday
last on board our pIacket Bart Able,
from New Orleans. They will begin
the mission here to-morrow (Sunday.3)
When a namelehss ditairo,
Of it ocountry napwpapare
b : erle r snF grammaire
Wisthse t beouine a *iesaaaire,
- Hhet egPmtakelessotnsrom a set olaire,
Perhampe he might repaire.
SThe wronqg his progenitaihe
Permitted to4oh Aslt male hie.
.. e t ib.4 lti-n.',..: ca.t.,
. , . , - .
Unity is i3trongh.
-- -~~ ; 4-. .to C'l- '''rt1
A phiilosotpher once on his dellth
,tbed, r,(Iquest'd his .teve,: :ont s !t l.irint
Nhitl a( (.iet , al as they t were
ro'ught, he brtid ke them, ou by ('it';
tlen he aske(d it.t seven m:ore of like
size be blroI ht, huim, u:: pButtiing
th1cu( all tiget Lher, (nlldeaolriid Ito
brake Ithem, anud hiled. Now herte is
aI full explaIniat.ion of weakness when
divided. anid ::t! e:!tli when comlnine(d.
lltris allie l the t\,vo sets of reeds
co11i ed( thI e sl 1111' tloiiultt (iof r('sis
liv\e fto"c', h t in their o ml btinltion
tdd, ,tnei with r:lv;th:". The forc, nee
i5sa1V to lr411 :hm Ii, had to bie
e,;l,( decd :at the s:li:o ( time, conise(.
Qu(n il\', the r't'-,,-it:'n€c \\::' at the
sablle I lte', aiild hli'1 to i"e ie('lCilclle
SihIll aneously, whiile thll se tlake'n ll
n111(.ll. ,lv\,s, had no ~thin:g to de ctll d
on. lnt the'ir own inhrem:t weakness.
S~b it is in all ou. r o rl:ltlliun of life.
lt(l niorte pariicularly in our political
il'trestsl . T'li'her, unitl ist i .ue'i n t qu
non of sI'c es,. :ini without it, defieat
is ul!re to follow auy attempt we may
alllike. Unltess Wye ('al go into this
a1ulpaign united as onie mailn, we had
belt te abandion itiglht now, dii pre
pare to miake terms with lhe erwnm:,y.
If we had a Inrge niajority in thits
parish, or it' we had no toe to take
ladvantalge of oilltr dissensions, then
I;ersilon:i nitdii fi privnate ashitions
would be ad;. l dssilie, ibut such is not
the fI t, ail it is suicidil for nilly
thing of the kind to I)e thought of.
SPartly og niziiiltion can only be per
feeted and mi:ulde availahble, when eve
ry olie is willi ng I I to fo'get self, hury
:anil comeii flrwllrd \With a. Sin'ln4ss
oft purpose l l ad unity of an'tion, that
Sill strike terror to the soulls of fear
ful adversai ites.
J. 1anD lIpd h 'T'ucker, mnemnber of
Conigress from Virginia ini his sp(eech
on the (ntennuial apipropriation bill
thulls concludel :
flit, Mr. Chairmani, dspiiite all
these obst.retio s, V'irginia will lie
1h iee. lhemr people who are able to
o wil i litb there. She has given
dauighters to the Unionli(i, six fair
dauglihtirs with we lilh and plenty in
their hands, who will go t tthe Ccn
tennial and re.n'r(esent the niiitlficence
and the i airiotismn of their aged and
bereave 'ld iot lhetr. And a nother d augh
ter, her onulllniifl chiBh, tornl from
her by the ('asanian operall ion, will
be present. withI her infinite mineral
wealth iand her i'esources ini agrienl
tuire, iinlllfatirest , and commeriliTCee.
And old Virginia, rent il twain, nil
Ioverishe5i, iii her weeds of widow
hood, tilt with ii heart throbbllling high
for the prosperitV of the comlilllonl
coultry, with a soul as true to the
i.ol tisintltiionaii Union a ll i wheill sithe
first lprioposed iid(toendee to h(i'er
siters, and il eclaredl it hy eli pe of
her .Jeif'rson, anid won it by the valor
l ad rul ofill heri Washigtull o, id( as
wh.n1 ii lv the wisonl u inl riidern' tof
lher Shuliii she lenIt her alid oll fliniie
the Fedai ti nstittstii. oYes, tmnlo'
to th e flu, l e' o f tZl ibe,. n.t inldi,
eliencei ain I honor, Virihia will be
th'rno iii Spir'it hlilveriiig over tile
celti. And lilll ay to this louse,
that whieu this(hoverlin(iiit is rest(ired
to its plistimi ' lit, ii I tahe ptrin
ciple, is of the heavolu itll are l 'e-estab.
h1ile, notd libertyr shall Ibe ptoclaiii
tl Ihrouglhout this land, in this land.
ill th isyear of or ile, t o uee rt evet y
uniirtlpeld 24. b h. cDlicts of a Pres
idenit, aud Inoirepalahlle by at d(Iclar
atiii of eosn-tliet \ve rehu'llion nuder
uIlie.iistiltionhllI actsof Coligress, and
when Virgi nia ad all her sister States
shall be free in the direction of their
interiipilolicy, and be ulllcoiltrolled
in their aitonumy, then, glowing
with an iniextingiishatile love for !i
berty secured bI the Constitu ion,
which is the slW'me law for Gov
eroinet and peiple, she will, if tie
hi e'irporadl ilrtsclee, yet trully il
lpihit, tunite wilth ,Ma:Ichusets in
thats pleldid asplihation of her great
est orator ,alid s~tsiqn nutered
forty V.ears ago, i liierty and nioil,
that is, institutional liberties inhier
ited froin the struggles of the centu
ries and stcuretlunder the tniole Col.
stitution (if oer fithers--"Liberty
aild Unioin, now and forever, one and
inseparable ! ![treat appl.ause.]
At a meeting of the Denocratic-Cfn
serviitive Parish Central Committee,
from the sevr'al Wards of the Par
ish of Naticlitoehes, held on the
17th inst., in'the city of Natchito
* ces, the following Resolutions were
adopted:
Resolhed, That the several Wards
throughrout the parish be requested to
elect delegated to a Conservative.
Democatic Convention, to assotneile
in Natchitoehes on Monday, May 8th,
1876, for the purpose of perfecting
the organizitioii of the people of the
parish of Natdlitoches, and to take
into consideration such other mat
ters of political or plnblic iillportance
as may be snugested, and to elect
delegates to the State and District
Conventions.
IResolved, That the basis of repre
sentation shall be one delegate for
every 50) voteis cast for Jno. C. M'on.
cure, iu the general election of 1S74,
and one delegate for every fraction of
50 votes cast--provided, however,
that every Ward shall be entitled to
one delegate.
Accordingly the several Wards
shall be entitled to representation as
follows:
Ward 2 Delegates 3
" 3 " 2
" 4 " 4
" 5 " 3
"4 - " 4
, 8 ' " 1
"10 " 5
" 11 "
" 1"2 ' 6
S",D. PIERSON,
Chairman.
JAS. II. COSGROVE,
Secretary.
one incel
To Our County Friendý.
Tihe gre at olibject lfor cwhichl n poli
tical iet::pa el;.r i.s plblihedl , mul.4: he,,
obvi,.s to :i:iy one, \whoi will tl!Ce
lthe trI l i k to give i the lie Slj'ct ca o
pent's thloni ht. it is mainly to difs
semtiiil h the vit ws, Ithou. h It, feeliigs,
ptu pllllt . ,itll princip le.s of that i iparty
to whih: it ivoedly Ibelongsl , anid atll
all ltines to f'orwaid the inte rest of
that party. The aiims andl i ntentiolns
o~f tihe palty can only he, kinowni
tlhlrolgh the preIss, encli(eC, tile lb:i uI -
Iuto nic o ortanie aiid r;",'l nt lel of' i
:irlty ilorgan in our midst. for t'he olt
je:ts stated aoieili. 'lThie ref ue, should
ityi of outl ' f'rirlncl il the 1p:Iish, lwho
have not bieen i; the lihabit of receiv
in' the , lape, s ret ullar snlsl ibriq::,
s.ille':v ly t nd thetselves i ll pos:es
sii Slot of one, they are mast politely
riqv stu l toi look c ireflliv I hrouin h
its ioliiilnS, and ipossilvy they iiiay
i ad somt(liig ;if interest to them,i
antlI if they do not care to lo this,
Ih ey arel still f irtlhcr politely Ieuluest
d to had it to the Inest'(<t neighlor,
Iwho will l, it. Thle copies are tinot
sclut forl lieli piurpose of asking them
to become Subsi'tlier, but it is done
in the iiitlrest of the party, to informi
our tr'iliids of the v:1rious tireet igs,
decihsiolns. alnld movemellntts of the or.
gftiiniillil, so that they mayit take a
liveiy interesi(t inll WIateVer irelates to
its welfbre.
II-o- ----- =.---.
Our Public Schools.
The manaliignenilit of the pniulic
school;nl!.i li Ilnis pa,'rishi, sinice it y'ear
1i 8t, iullder Radical nisrule anld glen
e'tl thieicry, ha- s been a crying
sihame uipon otir citizens and to civ
ilization. There has not been one
good school for the ednicat ion of the
'white children, since that time. Pe
riod iclly, they wold tmalke a show of
having gooll schools, but it was all
done for political effect, as it was last
wi tter, just lbefore the assembling of
the Legislature, wheiin schools were
or dlred all througlihot the parish,
but the iimoment the Legislature ad
jouitrned, here comecs the order for all
of thea to close.
The colored schools have been
taught by ward politicians, presidents
oft Iadical cluibs, ad lhired emissaries
to do the dirty work of their COmil
manders'., atnd generally as ignorant
of the art of teaching school, as the
heathen Chinee is of the Christian re
ligion. Myers, the Treasurer of the
School Boat d, was, and is absent with
the imoney in his pocket, where hie
is likely to keep it, and in the mean
time, we have no schools, n11r will we
have until theiy (the Rdldicals) desire
to contiuenice thlil oln the eve of the
canipa ign, not for tihe benefit of the
i.gnoiiant child rci, but as headl-qutar
ters for p,,lilticl wiirld Egt litiiiCngs, Ion
(der thlie aidalnce and drll treionl of tihe
iiothrioirs in:g of thievcs in tijs ihe't,
colushlienousil. ltmio:.g thui'' is Io bit
founld the tRev. Sncllator Blunt, with
his sanclttimiiOli.os looks antll phlii a.
icil airs ofonut warill hiliniess.
Tho P~acoifia Railway.,
Oriu leighlor of the Mansfildl Ie
porter dlififers with us ill regard to
somel exlre5siot ( oif ours some weeks
since, concernnui- this great anid iin
lportainl interest in which we all feel
0o deeply lndl vitally conicernied. We
iltever intlended to cast a Iilgle ob.
stacle iii the way of tihe praefic al work
inlg of the road, buit totlhe couitr:lry will
always do whatever we catll to aid tihe
work in antv manuner, shape or fortm.
Bhlt what we intendedl to say and do
ioiv rteitclate, is that this newspapier
warfare hbetween onr friends should
cease, ibecause it is imlpossibli for any
such thing to add one dollur to the
capital stock of tihe roald or help its
cause however remnotely. This is
what should be held in obeoyance, and
allow time to smooth the .asperities
of iidlividnal interest, iond soften thlose
rancorous feelings that have been
caused, no doubt, in a great degree
by tlislnderstallndings and mistakes,
hIuman weakness is prone to commit.
Sheriff's Sales.
Caspari & Dietrich vs. Gassion Me.
toyer. Jules Dceasse vs. same. Sale
of hland allld horses, on 12 months
hotnd. Satutllday, May 6h1, 187f.
Oscar Chopin vs. Seraphine Levas
seur. A tract of land, on tile 20tl
May, 1876; for cash.
,Joht Genoe & Co., vs. Evelina
Olive. A tract of land, ou 20th May,
1876; for cash.
Robert W. Simmons vs . W. W.
1Ireazeale. Sale of land on tile 6th
May.
Mar'celin Tanzin vs. R. E. Burke,
Assignee of T. Lacoste, Banklrupt.
Sale of House and lot on Front Street.
Saitlrdnlty, May 6th.
WV. M. Levy vs. Gaston Roque and
J..E. Roqule. Sale of land, May 6th.
A. B. Sotnpayrae vs . D. H. Boullt,
Jr: Sale of lands, May Gth.
J. HI. Stephens vs. Harriet Pru
dhomrue, wife of Theeo. Prudhomme,
salie of Gin House and one acre of
and, on a-credit of 12 months. May 6.
Successioii Sales.
Succession Shle of J. J. 'Patton.
Sale of land on Spanish lake, April
29th.
To CENTENNIAL VSIlTOns.--OnOe Of
the first things for travellers to look
out for, is a good, first-class hotel,
and more particularly is this neces
sity urgent this year, to those who
are going to-the Centennial. If yon
will examine the card of Messrs. Dol
linger & Co., Proprietors of the Great
'Western Hotel, Philadelphia, publish
ed in our paper to-day, you will be
satisfied that it is just the place to
anit oun.
Organize! Organize !
;y} reference to another colhmn it
will 1he seaIe tihat a con volt ion is call
cl1 to meet lhere ocnI the fPth next
:molth, and it is eailnstly hol!edl that
,viry \'ardil of the patlish will .fsendl a
lfull delle,:;ition. Have :nlolr W\ald
neeting<, getleten, atnd appoint
ollr dulelgal es u as soon1 as p~',s'ibh .
Jlisiness of grialt important;llce is t(o he
h tr.un:14hd and we of the CitY are
ixiI.Ols that the ctcoiltlry slhoulhl I.+ve
a fl'il voice in the d{elileratiois of
'T'his is inot the time to d(isplily in
(ilti1renlce or unlilicoicciedioness, liut
OV!" V 141 -honlihlt take nil active part
in helping OInl l the g",!l c(sllSe. It is
also .f :'l'r y ilnl; rilltailit 1.IIt the I tlli'ti.lt
WVia iii cll1( ctomit(Jletc Ilheir organliza
tint' It'll ( : ie lh(i(tt t 1i .1 sol4 l as pSi, !M
silic Io w e will si oo lIe in possession
of interestingl liublic docliuieits for
diitOlie iits l onll, 1 i d 1 it i. es ti that
we should know the postlle ald
iress of the olllcers of tihe various
etlits. WVe cainnilit holc to erteci
aiy tiling wvithouit ' ,'i NTIz.vrB .
"'This is . ow the great andil decisive
step to be takenl, ail] knowingi', as we
do, its power, we will Colt1ilue to
cry outi, organiize ! organiz.e
"Republicans of Louisiana-A
Warning."
lThis is the heading of a mass of
words tlhlowul together in such Iltter
confusiiOn, al illd devoid 'of respect for
the colnmon rules of g'rammlnar, pub
lished in the last issue ot the Naltchi
toclies 11ullblican, that we think the
ieadingiii should have 1,been "'Qlceeni's
English, take warnilng," fo we are ," -
ing to murder yon," lunt in the place
of agiing the friendly twarnlinlg bIefor
conlunittiii the horrid deed, the wri
ter proceeds, u!!n hillntiglv-, to the
co011nn11 milaonl of the cri mo. Oh !
shades of Liidlev Mnrraly, and depart
edl philologist ! that we shoulil live
to see ill juxtaposition to such a
medley, a piece of ours conflined.
walled inl, bltusling in its modesty for
its shlimless environments.
How conhl suclh leinigs imagine for
a moment fhat we had them in view
when we spoke of mlaking a "hot'"
canimpaign XNow if any thing in this
world would make us "hot" agnai st
them, it would be this ruthless hand
ling of oar article, and inserting it in
a paper in companypl with ench lingo,
jargon, or whatever else it might be
called. Ttripis et ridiclda res est ele
mentarius senex, but rather appear
absurd and base in small things, than
go forth pen in hand, and sacrifice to
uniliiigted ignorance, the plaiin n
ofleintin~g English language.
And this is Ilhe oflicial journal of
the parish'lies of Nltchlioclhes, Siibine,
and IVian ! Y1e,!ve1ily, "t'he wheel
of fortuine will torn;," and when it
ilne.s. wlihat will hbecolic of you, Iir.
!?epu blian ?
Ilhieving Ihat we, as well as the
nibliic, know tihe writer ofa comlifii
leantion in last week's lhepuluican,
wec are constraiied, by feelings of
scelf-relspect to ,decline ans werillng hlis
quiestliolns. We are not averse to gir
ilig to any peirson who inquires,
thlronugh proper mnolives, our views
upon locall, State, or National affalirs;
but wie 1io not accord to this corres
pionldenit, "'P," the courtes(*y to cat
eciuise us uplon any snlject, for the
reason, that !he, in tihe past, refused
to allow us that privilegeo whiclh lie
iow asks at our ihands.
The National Democratic Resi
dent Committee,
The Nalional Democratic Resident
Committee have established he:ad
quarters at 1324 F street, near the
Ebbitt House. Thie committee is
made as follows:
Chairman--liester Clymer.
Treasulrer--W. II. Barnulu.
Secretary-James Harvey.
SENATE.
Kentucky-J. . W. Stevensotl.
Connecticut-W.-N W. Eatoain.
West Virginia-H. G. Davis.
Marylhulnd-W . V. Whyte.
Georgia-J. B. Gordon.
1HOUSE.
Pennsyl vania--Hiester Clymler.
Massachusetts-C. W. Chapinl.
Texas--J. W. Throckmorton.
Mississippi-C. E. Hooker.
Kentncky--A. J. Jewett.
North Carolina-W. M. Robbins.
Ohio-M. Taylor.
District of Columbia-W. W. Cor
coran, James E. Harvey, and Charles
Mason.
The Democratic organizations in
all the'States iand Territories are re
quested to report their eommittees
immediately to the Natlional Resident
Committee. Applications for docu
ments, sleeclhes, and other political
matter, and all conmmunications on
thie business of tihe committee, will
be addressed to the secretary.
Thanks.
We acknowledge the receipt of an
invitation badgd, thlrougll the courte
sy of Mr. W. H. Elstner, Cllairman
of the Ex-Committee for tihe "Caddo
Jockey Club," races to begin at
Shreveport, La., on 3d May, next. It
would afford us great pleasure to nt
tend, but fear our business connec
tions will preclude the possibility of
us enjoying any such recreation. We
take pleasure, however, in thanking
Mr. Elstner, and through him, the
Association, for the kind invitation
extended to us, and if at any time we
can serve them, they hlave but to
comm aud.
State Dcmocratle Ccntral
ecutive Conn2ttee,
,.TIr n < t r (', ;tr:l ('.nminittýý
Jh ,.I ',,.r:Iti.( ,m-,.r: 'tative l',a "
' - ''fii . . i
a hlT t i ( i ntVfiO .n of til
1Af)"4 nrAti"lIeii' .idtvatie party of el'
`l(oJI , fo'C r llhe ur , 1i e '( I onfli.'nir a
did1at(, ti. G~ov:rno, Lient, Co;
rno, Secreta: of State, Auditor.
:Attorii v. (eerloarl, Sn rii initeIlciito
Slm lic ldiictiion, Iehnlhcers of eft.
;r._,. frornil the vaihrims Con('re.shigj
)i Isi i.t., f the Sitte, a:,d1 ElectIo
for l'ilsiilenit :iaid Vil'i Pri.ident 4
I the i'it ,,. - itatel, o0 Moniday, the
1tlh ofl .10y, 1'7l .
.\Accorlliii,.ly the .several parisl4e
aid W wad.t of the city of New O1rlea1
l iiall ih I i:titlct to tlhe following re.
.\< , ii ,,l .. ...... St. ('harIe .. ...1
l.tatltii,,tll.......· N t. Hl.,na...- 3
\tvvils.........i St., hIIi Ui nptist..3
kla ln iSlt•...... it.ii ...
litoni ll 'r \W ...'_ SI. .,l ih.1lr .-.....15
i:, i, .,.... .... ... St. 'I iari ..i.h 3
,1 'li.. |
(4iI.... ....... I.T ne......
i'a h'rl.llI.. -....... l'l'irrholiotlAQ .... I
(':bl4 , ll .........', T iaho1 ......
c: r i nlll lll io.......... I
'I( rr l ........... \ i rmi illion ........
Claih.rnil...7......7 Walnhington.....t
t'1iiiotlllia.........1 Wl\\' ster. .......
Feliiana : l :u ......4
I·'clici nanl W\¥t.... : "
I 'ranklin ..........
Grant.............2 First Ward...... J
Iueria .......... iiSecd W\Var.....12
Jh,.-rvillh......._..4 Third Ward ......17
.1 Itk.son.......... 3 Fourth Ward ....8
hIfirn rs..........4 Fifth Ward...... I
L:fithvette......... 5 Sixth Ward......,
Ililirclhe .......! Seeventh Ward ...lS
Iiilg,,'.. ...........3 ightl Ward.....8
ivingston ........ : Nintlh Ward ......
h:iliý,n ...........1 .nth Ward.....12
Mor 'hol........:1 Eleventh Ward..ll
Nacu.h.it.......ch......8 Twelfth Ward....;
Ou nallit............. Tirteenth VWarli..3
S'iil!tIeiniies ......: I"oirteenth Ward.l'
Init-e Cop'neih....3 Fitteenth Ward...6
,1;l:iihls' ........... H Sixteenth Ward..l
licitd flivr........1 Sevurtlehnt linthwatl
li ii hlin,.._.... ..4 -
S:jl ine........ 4 13
St. Bernard .....1 g3
To : ilnlliber of delegates...... I
All )enocratic aiid Conseratihe
pailper in the State are requestedltle
lplflish the above.
I. W. PATTON, President
Plrt.rrii POWER, Secretary.
FEVER D)ESTIROYIN; TREL - We
have now tllhese trees on hand, om
year old, ready to be transplanted,
and the season being propitidns weaU
advise all persons wishing them to
coime forward and proenre one sal
plant it as the Centennial Tree k
thenisclves and their children sad
their childrens' children to admire,
and enjoy its great prophylactic pow
ers.
01"8.~
Our Packet, Hart Able s oalm.
came to the landing Tuesday evaiqg,
with a good up trip, we presume, for
her veteraii commlander was in aU 4i
cecding good humor. Capt. Sineet,
we wish you a long and prospeel
stay wiiB us.
. e c- l-
Tha:in6s to lour distiiguishreild ·a
ther of C'oIigre;.ss, lI. in . W~I. Iny,
for regulanr issues of the Congrelsio.
al Record.
It is rllnmored tilt. Boss Tweed lai
been scCli in Italy.
Ex-Attorney-Gener:ll Wilfian te.:
tiftled tlhat le paid to John Ievelapet,
out of the secret service found, OS,"
0(M) for election pullrposes. Upon ble
iug pressed lIe acknowledged thaitt
nioiey was pa;id by the direct seW
of the President.
Fishlly-"We deny the allegtia' -
and can whip the allegator."--l&
foiche Union.
Four Chromos Free; examin '
thie card of W. M. Bnrrow, of'
Bristfol, Tenln.
Died.
Near Clmpte, La., April 20th, 1616,
after a long, and painful illness, iIL
Mo:TIManI PEROT, n6eo DeRuasy,
27 years and 7 mo ths.
For m:any months ere the sad evat,
her kind and devoted husband hIl J"
ticipated the sorrowful separatimol
when the blow fell upon him, he ewvt
a certain extent, prepared fort it, aint
could mitigate his great grief but 1i
for sunch a loss, for she ~as a true Ol
loving wifie, kind and affectionate 0
er and pure christian. She lereil
infuat child to the care of kind relatli
To them all we tender a tear of qW
pathy.
At Winchester, Tenn., on thetid
Apri, 1876, Mr. GEORGE 8SaroI
W.V.IdSLE, a native of Maryladl,
anld for many years a reuidea dtlabi
place. Aged 58 years.
A. E2. Zezmee,
NOTARY PUBLIT.
(Office under Vindicator 0 4).
ST. DENIS STREET,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
April 9.- ly.
GERMAN TAUGHT
F; ITIIER in class or at private he
jA In one year's time will tacih the .
of writin-e and speaking this bst
language now becoming so impod k
the United States.
Will also teach the art of fim-Vd
with all of the variegated colors--rep!
Clocks, Watches Jewelry and Mli
Instrrments.
All of the above at the lowest prims
F. ELSIO,
At the residence of the BishoIp
April 29-im.
$5 To 20 Tr daI " at home. 5
8T worth $1 free. STmIR
Co., 'ortlaud, Maine.
SEND 2'o. to G. P. ROWELL & CO%
York, for Pamphlet of 100 pag oed.
lug list of 3000 newspapers, atd estimiat l"
ing cost of advertising.
1$ 1, Untlit annd ts rmus fit'". T.CE & 0t '
SAuptnta, Mlaine.