JAn. I. ('ON~ROVE, . .. Editor.
NAT'LCH ITOCHES
ATURDAY - - - - J'ily 25, 1?71.
in |aielm m
--i .o .o o .=
I 4qa:re ... $ 4 ,0 I 50 I0 )00 $15 i00 c2' '
2 esjarwi... 7 0 10 00 15I 00 20 00 25 0"
3 lqu:tr4... 1000 13 i 18 On 25 00 30 0'
4 squsr'. . 1400 IA 0I 2 200 :, 00 35 01
qur . 1700 2 I0 27 0') 35 on10 (WI
( nllarMI... I2))011 t) i 32 00 40 no 45 (
Ng q:t..· 230I 97 00 3 n00 5q 0)1 710 01
y aqaare'... q6n0 1 0 00 40 0( (65 0: 0 On
11 squareu... . ', 00 3. 00 51) 0 5700 1('; n
15 squarie... 4500 60 On1 70 0(1 nIO0 00 125 (N
Ali larei6... 3 60 6i) 0))n .0 l 15 010 SOO 00
T'raasient advrw'tisements St.5I per ,quare of
to lires Ire'ier. trst insertion. Each subsoe
gqunt inerti,,n s7 cents per sqnrn,.
Rate of Snuscription.
(npye Cnpy o ar ................... ... tI):n
ime COpY si months ........t.............-t'd"
(Pasyble In advance.)
OUR 1JO OFFlI'g in *opplied wi)l,) a
I r.at variety of type, anil work Il, this d(eprt.
mrnt performed with anatnea and at Dnadr
H e prices.
Terms, CAIH ono delivery of work.
Notice.
iALL parties interested In jndgments
11 against thy Pa'rish nre notifded thaft
the undersigned hnlve been appointed a
ubh committee (by tho committee of sev
enty) in accoril;nl.e with resolutions pasa
ed at. the Ma.ss.Moatiug of the '27thI. .ne.
to confer witb judgment creditors. Tais
sub committee i'#qulIat. all such parties to
mnet them i11, conference at 9 o'clcek
!orday mrnInurnll at the Firemen'.s Tall.
W. II. .JACK,.
W. A. P'ONI)ER,
S. M. HYA MS.
MASS MEETING.
Be it Rvsolved by the Committee of
Feventy, in session assembled, that
the President of the Tax-payers As
.ciation be requested to convoke a
meeting of the people of the Parish,
owl Monday, 27th Inst., to take into
,ousideration the propriety of de.
manding the resignation or removal,
of' officials notoriously corrupt and
iconmpetent, whose conduct h as
brought about the evils under which
we now suffer.
In accordance with the above, the
Mass Meeting requested, is hereby
called to assemble at Natchitoches, on
Monday, the 27th inst., at 12 o'clock
ýM. J. W. BUTLER,
President.
W. B. L.-Your verses received. a
We decline to publish.
Musrc.-We cannot publish, too 4
long and, not' of general interest to I
the public. 1
We call attention to the card of
Daniel Pratt's improved Cotton Gin.
This Gin is too well known to require
comment from us. Orders should be
left with C. L. Walmsley, Esq., who
is the authorized agent for Natchito
ches.
Friend Times of Shreveport, we are
bound to have your paper, and as we
have not up to this time been hon
ored with an exchange, we opine
something is wrong. Send it along
eitlher at a subscriber or exchange.
We have received the proceedings
of numerous Mass Meetings hold in
different portions of our Parish which
have been unavoidably crowded out
this week. We will, however, take
pleasure in publishing them in our
next issue.
WHUrITra LEatu !-There will be a
mass meeting of the white citizens
held on Monday, immediately after
the adjournment of the tax payers'
meeting, to take into consideration
the propriety of organizing the White
League. The principles of the new
party will be enunciated and the
movement fully organized. A full
attendanceis expected.
THE CITY PaLrTIxo.--We were
rather astonished to see the proceed
ings of our City Council publidhed in
the Reppbliois last week, for we are
aware the law does not, require it
to be published in the pifcial journal,
but can be posted If desired. We but
speak the sentiments of our whole
people when we say that the contract
with the Repabican should be annul
led. Very few read the sheet and no
one wishes to give it one dollarn
support of such outrageous principles
as it does. Repeal the act by all
means, and let us give no more sup
port to journals who advocate scalla
wag thieves.
The steamer. Sabine arrived on
Tuesday in place of the Bait Able and
we congratulate our shipping frater
nity upon having a boat so well suit
ed to the low water business. With .
such an officer in command as Capt.
Sinnot, we can alwa~s expect a prompt
arrival of the packet, no matter how
low the river gets. Our thanks are
due that affable gentleman, G. C.
Hamilton, the able and efficient clerk,
for itse of late City and Northern pa
Our thank are due Maj. W. E. Rus
sell of Grand Ecore for late ps pers.
Duty of the Hour.
Tax' payers and citizens interested
in the welfare of t'te whole people of
the Parish of Natchitoches, we comr
mand your attention for a moment,
that we may "reason together," and b
in a cool deliberate manner under- tl
stand and do our duty ; that duty we
owe to ourselves and to posterity.
Success in all undertakihigs, whether
of greater or less magnitude, crowns
only the efforts of unity, and in the
solution of so great 4 problem as the
one we are called upon to grasp; that
of the redemp.tion of a State fromi
the hands of an organized, thorough- t
ly officered and equipped army of
I plunderers, who hold not only all the
avenues of power-the three co-ordi
inte branches of government, but
wield that mighty and almost over
powering weapon, the entire con
trol of its finances, requires a fully
devised and understood plan, perfec;t r
unity of agreement in its operations, t
and a solid action to carry it out to
complete success.
Our object is as much to provide
for future, as well as to correct past t,
evils; calm deliberation and united li
action will only achieve success, and
however much we at this moment
may differ in the means to be employ- e
ed, the end we have in view, the in
fusion of purity, honesty and capaci. i
ty, in the administration of local and
State affairs, is what actuates overy
true citizen of Louisiana.
Conservatism in political move
menta possesses elements of strength r
only when the parties being dealt a
with, and who aspire to rule govern- a
ments, are inmbued with elements
which tender their conduct, should 1d
either be successful, inmmaterial to c
the mass of the material citizens. It v
boots little which party rules i, con- p
tests of honorable and capable par- .
ties for the supremacy of the opinion,
how the happiness and welfare of the I
people may better be obtained, and j
by what conduct of legislation that t
much wished for end may be brought I
about. But in a contest, as the one t
we are in, between corruption and t
honesty, the affair of redemption be- t
comes simply a question of revolution,
and when reduced to such a construc- c
tion, the question of a conservative t
or compromise solution is barred, from $
the fact that that line of policy is at I
least supposed to be exhausted, which e
iswith us a fact beyond eontradictian. t
The individuals who still advocate a ii
continuance of such conduct, will in, t
our opinion bear watching, not from a
the fact, they might possibly be pe- a
cuniarily interested, but-their timidi- r
ty might lead to a disclosure of the I
plans of time more bold and resolute I
of our side. Let us therefore confide t
our plans to hut few, and they the f
boldest, and require as a duty a citi- a
zen owes tihe welfare of the country, a
his co-opperation to carry them out. I
You wdll be called upon on Monday t
to decide a great and nmomentouse
question, and one which we conceive i
Iyou have given your entire thought '
I to, and we hope we reflect your mind
wheti we say you have formed a fixed I
opinion upon the matter, Shouldh
you fail of sueccess, we predict it will a
be only from your want of determin
ed action, and in the event of that
failure, which we do not at all anti
cipate, your condition will be a thon
sand times. more onerous thitan before. I
Study then not only your own plan of I
conduct, but that of the enemy, and
to give you a correct' feeling in that I
matter "put yourself in his place"
and imagine what yon would do in 1
esuch contingency, and by being preo- I
pared for the worse you will be per
fectly able to meet it. Be guided in
eountcil by bold and pure men, let no
whining sycophant lure yon to con-1
servatism, and when your plans are I
tixed, your ranks formed, your ban- 1
ner unforled, rush upon your eiiemies I
with a determlnation to susCeed; I
Bear in mind one thing and that has
been the secret of slccess In all reve.o
latioins-dare.
"Victory is for the active, the vigi
lent and the brave."
TrE JUVEIIs . ENTRTATINEnNTS.i
-Our youth have been giving us the
pleasurable entertainment of a series
of Dramatic exhibitions, in which,
they evince no little talent. We con
gratulate them, and as marked imn
provement iis shown at eabch succeed
lung presentation, we can but' hopei
-they will continue. They are amos
ing to the audience and very instract
lug to the perfbrmers, as it tends to
t give them self infdeence and to de-[
Ivelop their memories. To-night a
. bill unusually attractive will be pre
sented, and we bespeak for them a
good house.
The steamer Gladiola sunk at
Hyams' point, in this parish. She is
a total wreck. Part of the cargo has
hbeen saved im a damaged condlition.
... _ -- .---- ·----~ ·--- --'- · `- II
What Does it Mea? 13
We are startled with the announce
ment that the negrot& in the Nl and
4th Wards of our parish, have held
"rousing" meetings, and we have Si
been favored with some insight into
their doings which, to say the least of
them, are ominous indeed.
In the 3d Ward, Van Dusen, the
Vermont Carpet-baggaer, the particu
lar pet of the scoundrel Judge II. C. ft
Myers, after remainilng in our city w
aind imbibing some of the secret feel- ft
ings and spirit of the Republican tl
leaders, burst out sehlenly and be- al
trayed, nnwittingly or otherwise, the c:
whole plot of the thirves for a con- re
tinuation of their power. It is no tl
new thing as we are aware of, but y
this is thufilrst occasion we have had oi
them publicly stated. The negro
orators declared, in th9 meetingabove
mentioned, that the 'whites .id ar
rayed themselves aftiust tihe' by 11
their action in demanuing thll'fesig
nation of Republicans who had or had I
not been corrupt, and that they, the
negroes were now 'determined to C
make war upon the owhites; "to tax I1
the land from under teemn," is we be- in
liere theexpression. Van Dusen pro- h
claims that to be the; true policy for tl
the colored man, ant advises all to ci
organize upon such a platforma. t
At Camjpte, in the!4th Ward, the it
leader Green, a negro, dangeottus and
of bad character, advised further, as
was also stated at tOe Van Dusen
meeting, that in the event the whites I
shbould attempt to rsist the negro d
rule, then they would'appdly the torch
and lay in ashes every hnilding from
ione extreme of the Parish to another. s'
We have this inforn'atibn from un- .
I doubted anthsrity, and give it as it c'
came to us. If this 'does not mean
war, what does it mean ? White peo- it
ple of the Parish of Natchitoches, are ca
you prepared for such a contingency.
It seems strange that there should C
be so much dillidence shown by our
I people about their duty in the mat
ter of preparing for ,tny emergency
which might arise, ar'l we are almost
tempted to say the htal negligence It
I with which we conduct ourselves in
- this, our hour of greatest danger. I'
Have our people seriously thought
of their condition ? Surely yes, and I
they are in a measure aware of the
great conflict which ii now pending,
but that delusive hope ever "springs
I eternal in the human breast." Are
they aware that the hour for hope
is long past; that all means have been
t. trid and exhausted to defer the is
a sue, that in fact we Ore left in that
e sublime condition that precedes all
masterly action; our cries for help
have had no answer, and the rever
3 berating echo of our call seems but
Sto say "hie that wouhd be free, must
first himself., strike rthe blow." With
- all this we are slow to believe that a
Ssome other means may present itself,
a forlorn hope as it were, whereby t
.the terrible consequences now before
*us may be averted--fital hope-vain '
desire. The question is to be an
Sswered, must you role or must you
Ssubmit? Can yon possibly stand two
years more of' such outrageous acts,
jsuch villainous plunder, as the past
tsix? Look at it as you may; hope as
- you will, the question exists, and yen ou
t will be made to answer whether you
.will or no. Shall you act as the des 1
Sceondaunts of a line of conquerors ex
Stending back in the dim ages of the E
f past, until lost in the vista of un
j written history;. Conquerors who(
t have.been found worthy of the steel [
" of their proudest foe, or 'ill yon like t
: the cowardly, cur, lick and fawn upon '
t. thle hand that had so bjsely deprived. 1
,.yon of the blessings and rights of
n freemen. Forbid it Heaven! Sae
o cess is with us and to secure it we
mI. mt organize. From all sides comes
i the warning that our opponents are
Spreparing. Black and White Repub
I licans tell us, that unless we are pre
_ pared the fate of the whites of San
a Domingo will be ours. No longer be
.deluded with false hopes, your only
succor lies in your own rightrarms,
and you must immediately be pre
pared to meet any and every emer
gepcy. Let each ward organize and
l establish a concert of action so that
a if thie worst eoumes we ena have it said
that we at least, made some show of
resistance. Better that we should
i ocecupy uannumbered graves than live
-as recreant cowards.
.- Wo understand that H. C. Myen
,and D. H. Boullt, Jr., the former
SDistrict and the latter Parish Judge,
Shave silently stole away to Grand
SEcore, to take a boat we anppose, for
SNew Orleans. Is there not s law
which does not aillo~w the ?ludges to
absent themselves from their Parish
withoutspecial leave ? This is the
second time within ihe' month that
these individualsk have left, and taking
into consideration their action while
in the city before their absenee should
be noted and their return wate!:ed.
lToen ,mtr for etropohnliltans.
Bossier the Pauper Warrant
Manipulator in a new Role!
d He Makes a Salary Grab ! 1j
d the
,e Six lluudred Dollars (Gone Wfhere the ha
Woodblne Twineth I be
More Evidence of the Villainy tw
of our Radical Officials !
Ie _ _9e
W. We unearth another "sweet gem" pr
. from the mass of official corruption go
y with which ise have b'en "blessed" co
I. for the past six years, and commend
In the utemerous supporters of the honesty an
D- and character of J. Jules Bossier, to a an
Ce careful perusal of the details. By to
-. refering to the minute proceedings of N:
to the Police Jury for March term 1871, be
yt you will find the following resolution th
id on page 170: sit
ro On motion of Jacob Kile, and duly di
.eseconded, It was was resolved, that t.i(
the salary of the Parish Physician is
r- hlereby fixed at the unm of Three.
'Y I adred Dollars, "and the eeetar of
- lhte Body, the trasm of Six hlundred tit
d Dollars." (Carried)
ie Six hundred dollars salary for the lie
to Clerk, in which capacity our friend (f) su
tx Bossier was then acting. But this is th
. not the end, we turn to the files of the mt
z. Red River News, Official Journal of tla
or this Parish at that time, in which pro- ju
to ceedings must be published to make pa
them lawful, and we find the follow- 41i
.1 ing th
On motion of Jacob Rile and duly
seconded, it was resolved that the Ii
n salary of the Parish Physician is here
as by fixed at the sum of Three Hun- wI
ro dred Dollars. (Carried.) fo
.h al
No mention made of Mr. Bossier's
r. sung little "dab," and to cap the cli- tii
max of rascality, the fellow was in- a.
t considerate enough to fail to use the tit
in same colored ink on the Minute Book, hn
in which the proceedings which pre
ro cede and follow this allowance of at
"six hundred dollars" salary to the
id Clerk are made, and he overlooked p
the fact of the existence of the mem
her of the Police Jury who introduced
the Resolution, Mr. Kilo, who says no ra
Ssuch amount was ever allowed, and Ti
he is sustained in this assertion by
inthe fact that Bossier did not officially d
promulgate it in the .etws.
lt ere, citizens of the parish is a man
who has been guilty of more pet!/ to
larcenies from the parish funds, than
any man who has been in power with
9 us, and this individual now is honor
ed with the position of Parish Attor- Na
ney for the parish of Natcitoches, a d
position of dignity and trust, and lie
in el
possesses as little qualifications in a
at legal way, as the most ignorant negro
ll we know of, as to character, we have
but to refer you to this, as one of his
1sma)ll acts, in a small way. We must
put down such men, and we trust our
st people upon Monday, will not fail to
t make this petty thief vacate any anud
at all positions of public trust he may i
f occupy. It may have been our fault
by that such creatures have in the past
rehad an opportunity to plunder us, but
in we musthe determined that in future N
we shall not render ourselves crimi
nal, in neglecting to oppose such ap- tl
on pointments by every means in our fu
FO power.
W VEATHER AND CRoPs.-We assume
a that this is not too early a day to con
on gratulate our farmers upon the cheer
uon ing prospects of giccess in their la
. bors to secure a good crop. On all l
.sides we see bright faces, and hear it
he encoiuraging remarks upon the condi
t lion of their growing corn andm cotton.
ho Caterpillars have at last made their
Il appearance in small numbers, and
fue Illy thirty days later than last year,
on which, without some untoward ca
ed. lamity, or unlooked for event, will
of give us until the 15th September, be
fore any serious damage can be done
the cotton crop. Sofficient time, ae
es cording to the statements of our beat C
ire and most sunecessful planters, to make '
- all that our labor can pick. Corn is j'
r madeand although .the crop is not as
an large as anticipated, is, owing to the
be increased acreage planted, sufficient
l for all purposes. The weather con
, tinues dry and warm, with occasional 4
re- local showers.
er- Providence seems to smile upon nus,
ad and taking the blessings of a good a
cat crop wrhichoas been vouchesafed aus, ,
wid we can confidently look to success in ,
of our social and political redemption, j
id so mote it be.
Oar community is in a state of fe- i
verish excitement, and rnmors pf aPI
sorts are rife. We advise our citizens
ler to cool and deliberate action in all '
g, matters. We have wrongs to redress
and let us not make a mistake in our
Saction. Determination and smcees is
oar motto.
ito 0 t
ish DFrAULT.R CAPT'REuf.-RetilO ud 1
:ho the defalting city collector, returned I
lst to visit9he scene of his exploits on 4
ia Thursday night, and was captured by
l Sheriff Burke and posse, and lodged
nld i jail. Now we have the man, we
ed jawait the action of our lovely Judges
in the Ucas.
Conscience Fund. ot
Our Judge, Ii. C. Myers, the hawk
1 ing Jew, and a disgrace, not only to m
the judicial bench, but to that race who th
have been Kings and Rulers from the I
beginning of time, was stricken last
week with a sudden attempt at a re
turn to virtue, but we must admit this th
seeming goodness was brought about
'pretty nmucl as the little boy's "be- li
good"; when he saw the old man th
' coming with an arm full of switches. of
I A history of this atftir may not be 0
yI amiss, and that the world may know, th
% and have some little insight into the if
y terrible wrongs under which we, of
f Natchitoches parish are, and have th
been suffering, and the character of'
º the villains who have publicly and so
shamefully plundered as; we give a ti
slight sketch of the great "Imumigra
t tion Bureau Scheme,". plotted and P
planed by this wiley scoundrel, who ne
presumes to aspir to the dignifit t
I title of District .Judge. .
Some years since, in 1870 we be
e lieve, a "ring" was: formed of just of
) such birds as his honor, to rush upon ell
s the market, by fair means or foul, as
a many parish warrants as possible, soi
f that it might be bought nup for a song, en
judgments being obtained against the liR
D parish thereon, the parties would ac- to
- Iquire full face value for such warrants, oI
they having paid from 15 to 50 cents an
on the dollar for them, a neat little of
!profit considering. This Immigration CO
Soi
eBureau was gotten up, a pamphlet
was written and published, setting
forth the resources of the parish, &c., C
and this Judge Myers and others, ap
pointed a Committee upon Immigra
tion, to go North and solicit settlers, i
and $8f(00 in warrants issued to fur- te
e thler the laudable undertaking. Myers co
has about as little capacity, and re- 1y
presents the character of our people uin
about as near as a baboon would, as all
e embassador to the Czar of Russia. The r
Police Jury was enljoined and a de- if
cree of Court obtained aruiitlling the w
d whole affair, and ordering the war- p.
rants issued returned for cancellation. of
This was four years ago mind you, w,
Sbut this - . we cannot find words in
b decent enough for print, to express 1p
our opinion of him, has refused to al
obey the mandate of the court up af
i to the time he heard the Committee in
of Seventy were after him with arc
sharp stick. What makes this refu- to
Ral criminal is, he told the Police Jury pf
a just removed, that unless they allow- a
e ed him e900, which he claimed to have at
expended in paying the expenses of 1u
the Bureau, he toould not give up the 1b
$8000 in warrants, when the Police tip
Jury which had given him the war- bU
it rants had allowed him, and which he i
it collected, $500 to have the pamlphlet I
written and printed, and $6100 as ex.ci
peanses, lie said he had incurred. Lo
and behold the otlher day lie sneaks
Sin to the President of the Police Jury
It ai
anti hands him the warrants, no doubt
thinking to claim a little virtue for d
being so .osiderateo and obliging. ai
1- Now Mr (T) Myers this is entirely too
thin, and we give you no credit at all
r for it.
No benefit has accrued to our peo
ple for this fellow's Northern trip, on
the contrary hie has imported a bery 1
Sof villains, who are now acting in the
Ssublime capacity of Carpet-bag Pre- i
" sidents of negro clubs, and although
Sclaiming to teach public schools, are
infusing into the negro, hatred to the
white people, and in one instance we t
it know of, Van Duen of the 3d Ward,
inciting them to murder and rapine. t
Who in tlha event should we hold
a responsible? Myers is the scoundrel a
ill who now retut ns under a cheap vir- i
tue as a "conscience fund," monies F
She was attempting to steal in the E
face of the Conrt, and we emphati
t cally say he is responsible for these a
ke villainous teachings, and deserves the C
is just vengeanee of our people. o
a A HUGE JOKE!
be -
ut A Veritable Ass for Cheek !
- The legitimate frunits of conserra- g
al tism in our dealings with the Radical
plunderers in this Parish, tihe true
e consequence of soliciting their as
s istance in bringing about reform, I
was amply exemplified in the modest
in request of W ii. Ip. plt, Deputy Par
'ish Treasurer, Deputy Tax Collector
and Parish Surveyor of Natchitoehes, I
e- in this; that the ceanseVatie citizens i
Sshould publish cards stating that the
ne articles published in the ViAdicator c
Sare far beyond truth, and that they do c
mnot sustain the charges made therein, '
, against Boullt, -Myers and others.
is The gentlemau to whom this modest
request was made prompdtly stated
that they, the conservative citiz¶ns, ,
id who, by the by, amount to about ten
ed persons in the entire parishd, would'
on do no such thing, quite the contrary,
by they wouald support the Vindicator I
ed and sustain what It said, and they did
we not propose to take any steps to pre
;es vent the mass of the white citizen i
frrm l, aviu, fulll oany i, the U,:'tter
This advice comuinhg as it doe, fIr OQi
such a splendid source is indeed re
markable, and we just desire to know
the "'-ouservative" citizen who would
sign any such document. This is an
evidence of wzore cheek than an ass,
and we were truly astonished that
the "young man" imagined for a Wo
tment his desire could be gratified.
liHe does not or will not understand
the question, and whether this want
of kniowledge is criUminal or willful
we will not stop to enquize, but if
this request is intended to tind out
if this paper meets the wishes and
expresses the views of the citizensof
C this parish, We publish for the en.
iacial benefit of that young per.
sou and his fitiends, the resolu
Stion of the Committee of Seventy,
who represent the people of this
Parish, not a fraction of ignorant
negroes, as does this fellow: apon
that head and we trust it will satify
th. gentleman (?) that we are sup.
ported by and do reflect the opinions
ot f, the "conservative element" as he
SI chooses to turn it. This is the Rese.
lotion.
Resolved by the Commtittee of .ev
enty, that the thanks of the Citizens
e Reform Association be and are hereby
tendered the Editor and Publishers
of the People's Vindicator, for their
manly course in exposing the frauds
b1 and villainies and their perpetrators,
e of the Radical party; and that we
n consider them in every way worthy of
our support, both pecuniary and
otherwise.
t - .. . . - 4P 4m,-- ..........
Call for a Democratic Conven
tion.
We refrained last week from speak
iug our mind with regard to this omat
ter, from the fact that we were so
completely taken aback, that we hard
ly knew what to say. Possibly we
e may be wrong to make mention at
all of the affair of a Democratic Con
vention in Louisiana at this time, for
if there be any person in our parish,
e who is in favor of a Democratic cam
paign in the State, we are hot aware
i* of it. The whole movement is, as
I we understand it, quasi political, hav
sing rather the elemlats, certainly the
purpose, of an indignant uprising of
° all classes of good citizens to place the
P affairs of the government of our State
e in the hands of honest and capable
awhite citizens, and we are at a loss
to understand" what the Dvemocratic
party, as a party, or any other politi;
cal organization, have to do with it.
Sat ail. We have already tried the
party organization of Democrats in
e both its State and National construe
e tions, and wne cannot te that any
benefit has been derived from it. Now
we propose to organize a movement.
Sof the white people of the State, with.
* out regard to past political ainuities,
o into aI new movement to secure con
trol of the State and local govern
mentts, to the benefit of the tax pay
Sers antl good citizens, anti we con
r demn as unwise, to say the least of it,
Sany attempt to foist a National issue
Sin the canvass.
We must convince the whole coun
try that we do not wish this canvass
as having for its object the success of
any particular set of political tenets;
' the triumph of a Republican or Demo
e cratic administration, but just what it
is, a grand uprising of all classes of
gh ood people to root out and destroy
re the influence of the corrupt ofleials
o now in power in our State. Past
e trilsd to secure that q(nd with the
, Democratic organization have proven
' to us that a continuned effort with
id them would be fatal, and we are in
i no condition to speuenlate, as our ex
r- istence demands we should mucceedt. -
SFor these reasons we consider this
SDemocratic call as totally anuwise, and
we would advise, it we be allowed,
e that this self-constituted Democratio
SCommittee cease to foment diaserd,
or else they be allowed to go the eveu .
tenot of their way unheeded and selonae.
Natchitoches Parish is pledged to the
white leagte and will send no dlev.
a- gates to New Orleans. Alexandrm,
al on the contrary, is the point we aim
Sat to meet, and trust that Mr. Emile
- LaSere and the other gentlemen who
, got up this Democratic discord, will a
have the good sense to see their ef
r. forts will be in vain.
- - - .- ---- m
or A Granger dreamed that hie died.
as, He went strait to the spirit-world; he
p knocked at the gate of the New Jeru.
e salem, and it was opened unato him.
The books were opened; he was a~sk
lor ed, "Did you ever belong to any s
do cret society r' To which he replied,
in, "I did-to the Grangers." "Then,
r sir, you can't be admitted; depart."
He then went to the door of the bot
etomless pit, where the same questions
d were again asked him by the Devil,
sand again he was told to depart. Af
n ter hlie had gone a little way off, he
was accosted by the homely ruler of
' the pit, when the following proposi
ry, tions were made: "Stranger," said
tor Nick, "I will not admit yon here;
lid they do not want you in heaven ; but
I will sell yout two hundred barrels of
brinmestone for cash, ten per cent off,
Sanl vonI c:an start a little hell of yonr
e" wn. ,with e*l :;",'llts ,r mniddle- !