_ dyert tasI ng B~ates , of no 'lqeorrn
enable... 00 13 00 18 00'-0.5 00 3a onnl
~ d ietlri s ine(.a nd the frie nd 'l Ifo i'i i
4 00 I o 22 ) E0 __350
H~V*II, ElE:BJ. H. C
ROaqUAM· 0 I S ) 00 ' . P.b i70od0 vEr SWI'UR L3A. *Vll1J}I
I rlne tle"" 1( Il Z M n u, 7 NII#I rl ;u m.~l es
0( .700'' "" '' O? ^' "THE WELFARE OF THE PEOPLE IS THE SUPREME LAW. O. .. .
* ~iarII..* e
'0 ~rns - Y 3 _________ _____________
tl aneree,. M iMIS I n 1., un r.1 nil .. - - - - - - -- - - - - -ý . _ -__ ý - - - - _ -
10 noaree.. ,111 13 i ' I), 57 It..
IS:: _________. It_ and____ N atch toche OParishesO~tU4..........
fl 1quar7.".n.,,,, O fficial O rgan of the W hite Citizens Of fed d Fer, Sab ine, Wi and nat lutoche s 1ar'rshes. __ _ olhllA l b rLe4 i~":
IId Inerrpyes··Brerir, nr e perpyua rcNn·II rrlllh'c 1 N T C H IT O C~H ES, L .ý, SE PTE M 13 E I C 7, 187r8. ~h O 1 m nb r mac~t 11 11~ ,'r~il illl
7,,atin _- ________-__
qu.0I nsjlrtit'n Th c'flte Per~ 8RlIHVV. L I
~iett~s.~ on Eli '1 0 NTCHTOCES, A.,SEPEMBE 7,187. NO51 a~ tra~l~~j"flu 1' Ii
Professional Cards.
. , J. CI(Mr '*'I.G IId.7'I,
A TT1'I\E VF . 1 .1 I I'.
St. Denis Street, Natchitoches, La.
ILL practice in the ( o rts f Nrat hitochts.
SSabiun, DtSoto andt Ied Iti ier and in the
Supreme Court oftthe SItate.
Win. "EL. Jaol.,
(Suicrr'esr to JACK & It I'teON)
Attorney an I CounsaIelor at laiW
NA'rTCIIT'OCIIFSs, LA.
1j"ILL practice in the Courtra ol Natchitoches.
¥ Sabioe, De.oto, Red River, Winn, Ilapideýi,
and Grlst, and in the Supreme Court of the
State. Claims prompltl attended to.
April W l'877.
WY. M.LEVY. DANIEL C. SCAmROi(ot'GII.
]eL t SCARBOROUGH,
ATTORXEYS A. T L.I W.
HAVING arineinted themaeolvea will pirarcli'i
In the Parish and Ilitrictl, the IIth .ndi
e!al District, and in the pariushes of Winn and
Grant, Supremr Crourt of Liuisianau. V. S. . Ilsi
triot and Circuit courts of Lolisiuana andl 1'. S.
Court of Claims at Washington.
Office in the Lacoste Buihling
(Up Stairs.)
NATC HITOC1ITES. LA.
Aug.33, 1S78-1y.
J H. CUNNINGHAM.
ttoraut & 0ounsellor at ran',
St. Denis Street,
Natchitoche., : : : : Ia.
ILL give prompt ani personal at
tention to all illlnlress entrusted to
his care
Practices in the I)s.trict and1 Pari.h
Conrts in the Parishes of Natchitoches,
Rod Riv'er, l)eSotoaud Sabine, and I)tfire
the 'Supreme Court at Monroe and New
Orleans. Jan 5 '7 -ly.
JOHllt B. ROBERITSO. I'
(Late of New Orleans,)
ATTORNEY & COUNSELOR AT LAW
C(OUtiHAT'rTA,
RED RIER I'.IRLSf, LOUIS0'LXA.
Will praotice in Coushatta, Natehito
ehee, Mansfield, Many, and in every part
of North-west Louisiana. Special atten
tion given to Land cases and Succssions.
June 9th, 1877-tf.
C. CaIrut.. C. F. DRANOUT. T. P. CuA'PL
C PLIN, DRANOUET & CHAPLIN.
Attorneys at Law,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
PRACTICE in the District Courts of
Natchitoches, Sabine, Deaoto and
led River and in the Supreme Court of
the State. March 2-ly.
J . B. TUCKER,
Attorney and Counsellor at Law,
OFFICE
St. Deais Street, - - Natchitoches, La.
ILL practice in the District and Par
W lab Courts of Natchitoches, Sahine
Did4te and Red River, and the Supreme
Coart of the State.
All business entrusted to his care will
receive prompt attention. Apr 13-1y
HNrU SAFFPORD,
Attorney at Lan',
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
(O Olice adjourning that of Mr. J:ick.
May 18 4mo,
Phyaician and Surgeon
Motagonteo ery, La.
Magistrate.
JOHI M. TUCKER,
Magistrlate Ward 1.
Bt. Deaias Itreet, : : Natchitoches, IA.
PROMPT attntion given to all hnsiua
entr~lred to bio oare.
rIP Claima collected at small cost.
RIefer to the Bar Generally.
I:Jan s' 9-ly
Business Cards.
J' . " o'JriLohel,
-DIALER IN
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD
WARE, BOOTS and ~HOES, HATS,
ETC."
iIgb6st camh price paid for Cotton and
Coaitry Produce.
WASHINGTON, ST.,
S NATCOITOCHES, LA.
C; ARD N.I. CAMPBELL
h aird Campbell,
"' ' ;e gCERIES,
" HARDWARE,
And tpuer.Merchandise.
Coerer 0oxT & LAPATrWr Street,
~ahokitoches, La.
m,1a price pl for ootlqn and
as in eash or mere +a.die.
" . i IR. M[ WALMaLKY
-:' PWALMSLEY & CO,
. f1I traxePfo  • .:.,,
1 "w ft i :::, AN -
r AtIII osp IBICBANS.
IIIIP. .<. . .
* t ''V
CHILLS, FEVERS, DYSPE'SIA
Female Disorders. Prepared by
The 'Home Bitters Co., St. Louis,
Prescribed By Eost Physicians,
and Sold by Dealers Everywhere.
JUST UpNElEas.
BOERICKE & TAFEL'S
OMCEOPATHI
PHARMACV, 133 Canal Street, 1
NEW ORLEANS.
A full stock of pure tud reliatie IIom eopathie
Medicines, as well as Family Medicine Cases,
and Books in English, Germtan and French con
stantly on haind at New York Prices
bead for descriptive Price Current.
$50 $100, $200, $500, $1000
- I --ALEX. FROTHINGHIAM & CO.,
Broker. No. 12 Wall Street, New York, make
desirable investments in stocks, which frequent
ly pay from five to twenty times the amount In.
vested. stncks bought and carried as long as de
stred on deposit (of three ler cent. Explanatory
cireilars and weekly reports scut free.
m DR. BUTTS
No.12 N. Eighth St.
St. Louis, Mo.
Who has had greter experience in the treatment of the
sexual troubles of both anile and female than any physician
in the Westt gives the results of his long and succeasft3
practice m has tweo sw works.ja published, enititled
The PHYSIOLOGY OF MARRIACE
The PRIVATE MEDICAL ADVISER
Books that arereally auides. au Plt.imtmetae in all inst
ters pertaining to lambhod and woma.h..d. and supply
want long felt. They are Ibaatftlly llostrated. nd in plain
li.guage, easily understood. The two bookL embrmeesdi
pages, and contain valuable lnformatlo for both marriedand
ingle, with all the recent lmpro emente I medical treatment
4ead whatour homevpaper sav :n'"'e knowledge hnparted
In Dr. BDtt. new works is in no way of questionable char.
acter but is something thnt every cne skoeld khow. Tho
estlt. the victim of early indiscretion; the uaa,otherwise
perfectly healthy maybebutwith wa r inthe rime
of lie, and the Womas, in miser
from the many ills her sex Is he
to."-8t. Louis Journal.
"POPLAR PRI'Wba-D cos, each
both In one volume, 1; In cloth an
gilt, 2 cts. extra. ent under seal,
eceipt of pdio linmo y or stamps.
The Remedy of the 19th Ctntury.
flAn Barham's Infallible
PILE CURE.
Manufactured by the
BubamiNoleCuao.,DehaUm,. C.
ARKi o+ It sever fall to care Rlemorrholds
Sor Piat, Wil a sure It poaslble.
Price LIst and heons fide temlaals
Ibralahed ox applcatio
Madison Dispensary,
201 S. Clark St., Chicago, Ill.
Ri . BtfrVLOW, htviul 30 Jear experinaee,
tah sexesulV Barer r art.r. PawarluaY.
rItgRTOiCS p31UTfIrom aseual abuse or
ParOPP, can be positivrd sat Lcrl
itycurd.ill wrrmntever " cta. lamj'b.
, ppe, b eenlt. His NAIIIIAGK IUIli Oe BEIt Al6
PATil~Otgr, 240 large age. ILLI'5TRrATPD, eootainlei
mach that was never befro publlshed, Pree0ets. Letters
ONPIDtlKTIAL. Faeus Pitts. $, iEstas Sraono, l10,
send omts for sample Rubber Gocds, Sc. by Expreu
PRESCRIPTION FREE?
For the spaedy Cure of rSenireal Weakness, Lost
Manhood and all disorders brought on by indis
cretion or excessn Any Druggist has the ingre
dients. Addres, Dr. . JAQUTE d& CO.,
130 Welst sxth tatreet, Cinactmll sat, U.
e2Watches ! 3 toOl. Revolver s
t.50. Ovei 10) latest i)Nvtltlea
Aato wanted. So.duppiyC(' .N'iahbllttleTan
A Mystery Solved.
The Gri'eatlest Medical Triumphl o0
Modern Times ! The Mysterious
(hannel of l)isease' lisr'rered,
tdedt. The Stomach,
Lirer, an,,d Bowels
the (!etre Iof
PAISO\'S II'IG TI\E PILlS,
The (Gre:t Anti.illious Rleinetdy and
PARSON'S
PURGATIVE PILLS
titc iuvadifgation, aml-are Warranted to
cure all diseases origiuatinlg in the
Stomach, Liver, and Bowels No grip
ing pains follow the us, oft these Pills
unless thie Bowels are inDlamed; but Re
lief, Ingnediate Relief, may bIe relied
upon. As a Comnlon Family hysic
PARSON'S
PURG A TIVE PILLS
Stand unequaled bcfore the world to-day.
By var ing the ddse according to diree
tions, Parsons' Purgative Pills etrectuall'
Purify the Blood and greatly alleviate,
if not entire . care Dycpepsia, Scrofula
or King's Evil, Rose, Erysipelas or St
Diseasesof the Skin, Salt hlieum. Tot
ter RingwrSormr, Sore, Boil, Tmors,
Morbid Swellihgs, jccerations, Pinples
and Blotches.'
EVERY BOX WARRANTED.
Most Complete Satisfaction Guaranteed
or No Pa'y.
Full directions around each box
Physicians supplied by mail, post-paid,
for $2 50 per thousand, in bulk, cash in
advance. We 'will send these' Pills th
ny reliable druggist or merchant to sell
on commission. Agents wanted every
where.
S. JOHN80IN & CO0.,
BANGOR, MAINEB, Proprietors,
June 23-ly'
MY SISTER. if
W ho i, \:ls it 'liml'd the tall't tri"'h .
Anld tell her l k' :gnt1 greeizl lltr knths. '
Wl'hic·h did her teacher mlltu displease, :
My Sister.
\Who was it stole the [emon pie. f,
! ili on the pantry shelf so high. P
And \ave ale half upon the sly f,
MlY Sister.
Who was it in the mill pond tell, I
And Ihst her thinbhle i thie well,
Anidl cried for fear that I shouldl h tll .
My Sister.
IAnld wIho :t las. Intlg ldresAes wore, t
A.il ha:ul of heatx a half a score.
Ani voted iboys a )tperfect hore . e
My SIster. a
Who co(utlxedl Ile oince. to 1o to bell
IBalhcuse she had an aching head,
And then sat np with Consiu Fred ? '
My Sister.
Who sews the ltbuttons on Iy clothes,
And with ime to the opera goes, ,
And then neglects me for the hteans I
My Sister. c
Who scIlds tlt. whel I swear.
Aii dlns a nobhy jiil-lhack wear,
All phlated, lool'l and punlTted with care
My Sister
Who brlushes, dusts and daris ny clothes,. I
And all my little failings knows,
And kisses mue before her beaus ? I
My Sister. i
And who, with all her crimps and curls,
An I silks and velvets, rings and pearls,
Is ijut the jolliest of girls ?
,. lMy Sister.
NEGIOES IN THE CONFEI)ERIACY.
.nll Interesting Letter of Rolbert
E. Lee, Brought to Light--Ile
Favored Ariming the Ne
groes and Emanciipa
ting the Whole
Race.
A li1ic1n|,londl correspondtent of the
Philadell;hia Times sends that paper
the following certified co!,y of a letter
frotm Gen. Lee:
HEADQU'ERS AHIMY NORTHERN VA.,
January 11, 1865.
Hon. Andrew Hunter:
I have received your letter of the
seventh instant, and without confin
ing myself to the order of your in
terrogatories, will endeavor to an
swer them by a statement of my
views on the subject.
I shall be most happy if I can con
tribute to the solution of a question
in whuich I feel an interest commensu
rate with my desire for the welfare
and happiness of our people.
Considering the relation of master
and slave controlled by humanr laws
and influenced by Christiaialtyand an
enlightened public sentiment, as the
best that can exist between the white
atd black races, while intermingled
as at present in this country, I would
deprecate any sndden disturbance of
that relation, unless it be necessary
to avert a greater calamity to both.
I should, therefore, prefer to rely on
our white population to preserve the
ratio between out forces and that of
the enemy, which experience has
- shown to be safe. But in view of the
preparations of our enemies, it is our
duty to prepare for continued war
aid not for a battle or a campaign;
and own I fear we cannot accomplish
this without overtaxing the capacity
of our white population.
Should the war continue underex
isting circumstances, the enemy may
in course of time penetrate our coun
try, and get access to a large part of
our slave population. It Is his avow
ed policy to convert thie asle-bodied
men among them into soldiers, and
emancipate all. Thie -success of the
Federal arms in the South was foil
*towed by a proclamation from Presi
dent Lincolo for 280,000 men, the ef
fect of which will be to stimulate the
NJ orthern States to procure as sub
stitutes for their own people the ne
grues tItus brought within their reach.
.Many have already been obtained in
Virginia, and shoild the fortunes of
war expose more of her territory, the
enemy will gain a large accession of
strength. His progress will thus add
to lis Dnumbers, and at the same time
destroy slavery in a manner most
pernicious to the welfare of our peo
ple. Their negroes will be used to
hold them in subjection, leaving the
reulaining forces free to extend his
conq|nest.
Whatever may be the effect of our
employing negro troops it cannot be
as mischievous as this. If it end in
osubverting slavery it will be accom
Splished by ourselves, and we can de
vise the means of alleviating tihe evil
0 consequences to both races. I think,
therefore, we inust decide whether
slavery shall be extinguished by our
e- enemies. and the slaves be usneed
d against nus,.or use them ourselves at
the risk of the effects which may be
produced upon our secial institutions.
My own opinion is that we shaould
mploy them without delay. I be
Y* lieve that with plroper regulationo
· rhey can be made effective soldiers.
They possess the physical qualifica
Srious In an eminent degree. Long
It ,sabits of obedience and subordina-.
4 ion, coupled with that moral infu
t- ence which in onr country the wlhite
muan possesses over the black, furnishdl
he best foundation for that discipline,
,vhleh is the surest guarantee of mili
tary efficiency. Our chief aim should
)e to secure their fidelity. There
have been formidable armies compoa
4 ed of men having no interests in the
,ountry for ,which they fought, be
Svood tlheir pay or the hope of plus.
d, ler. But it is certain thit the beet
iD oundatisn upon whieb the fidelity of
an army car reet, edpelaly it a set
d4 vice which: lo!s pealiar hairtil
, bips and privattotile; is the personal
ioterest of th. Soldier in the isouie f
cihe conest. Such sn interest we can
dive our aegroes by granting nimnedi
ate freedom to. all who enlist, and
( freedotm at the end of the war to the
ft mili-s of those who disch arge tht.ir
dutid s faithfully (whether the'y sur
vif%' or 0 ot), tl,,, ther with the privi.
lge of resitding in the South.
To this might he added a bounty i
fotn faithful service. We should nrot I
expect slaves to fight for prospective t
ifreedoml when they can secure it at I
once by going to the enmtny, in whose t
service they will incur no gieater risk I
than in outs. The reasons that in- d
duce )me to reconmmend the employ
ment of Inegro troops at all render t
the etffect of the measures I have saug
gested upon slavery imimaterial, and t
in my opinion the best measn of se
curing the elliciency and fidelity of this '
auxiliary force would be to accomnpa- I
ny the measure with a well digested 3
plan of gradual and general em.noci- a
pation. As that will be the result of i
a continuance of the war, and will ?
certainly occur if the enemy succeed, e
it seems to me most advisable to t
adopt it at once, and thereby obtain a
all the benolits that will accrue to our
cause.
The employment of negro troops,
under regulatiots similar to those I
indicated, would, in my opinion, I
greatly increase onr military strength,
and enable us to relieve our white
population to some extent. I think
we could dispense with the reserve
forces, except in cases of emergency.
It would disappoint the hopes which
our enemies have, upon our exhaus
tion ; deprive them in a great meas- I
ure of the aid they now derive from
black troops, and thus throw the
burden of the war upon their own
people. In addition to the great po.
litical advantages that would result
to our cause from the adoption of .a
system ,of emancipation, it wonid
exercise a salutary influence upon our
negro population, by rendering more
secure the fidelity of those who be
came soldiers, and diminishing the
inducements to the rest to abscond.
I can only say in conclusion, that
whatever measures are to be adopted,
should he adropted at once. Every
e day's delay increases the difficulty.
r Much time will be required to organ
r ize and di: cipline the men ; and ac
tion mnay be deferred till it is too late.
Very respectfully. your obedient
servant, R. E. LEE, General.
A true copy : J. B. W.
THE LOUISIANA BARGAIN.
How the White League Adjuant.Gen.
eral Got a Definite Answer
from Hayes.
[N. Y. Sun.]
Washington, Aug. 8..-A statement
is telegraphed from here to-night,
said to be on the very best authority,
which furnishes some facts regarding
Mr. Hayes's intentions in appointing
the Louisiana Commission. It will
d be remembered that the Louisiana
I delegation in Congress became im
f patient over the delay by Hayes to
f carry out the bargain made by his
friends at the Wormley Conference,
in the matter of recognizing the
e Nicholls Government. The Demo
f crats in Louisiana were getting so im
· patient that they could with difreul
i ty be restrained from useing force to
oust Packard. The story goes that,
when the organization of a commis
sion was made known, George W.
I Dupre, Adjutant-General of the Lou
isiana White League, telegraphed as
follows to a gentleman in Washing
.too: "Go and see Hayes, and get
Sfrom him, definitely, the mission of
. tile Commission." To this dispatch
f an answer was sent, asking: "What
.do you mean?" Dupre replied: I
Swant to know, by authority what, the
d Commission is to accomplish." On
e receipt of this, the gentleman to
Swhom it was sent made a visit to the
White House, and had an interview
r with some one, upon which he based
e the following telegram:
- Geo. W. Dupre, New Orleans, La.:
SThe Commission will be organized to
. accomplish by diplomacy that which
notherwise would jequire force. I have
, authority to state this much.
e The gentleman did not see Hayes
f but saw some one who spoke for him.
I Dupre replied that this would not do;
e that he wanted by, 10 o'clock that
t night information from Hayes that
, the mission of the Commission would
: be to establish Nicholls. If nsuch
e word was not communicated the
is White League proposed to take the
State House, then in possession of
r Packard. A second call was made to
t the White House and this last tele
in gram shown to Hayes. For twenty
- minutes Hayes made no indication of
- what response he would make. The
iI gentleman who called invited Hayes's
I, attention to1he~tact that it was lthen
r 9 o'clock, and thatDupre signed him
r self Adjutent-General of the White
d League. Exectly what Hayes said is
t not known, but the following tele
e I gram was sent to Dupre:
*- I have authority to say that the object
Id of the Louisiana Commission will be to
e- I establish the Nicholls Government. -
! This was satisfeptory, and every
Sone,.know, the result waI as tele
" graplhed at the .lat moment to the
'S Adjutant-General of the White Lea
"u gae. _ _'
A newly married man who evidently
need diicipline, thus discourses :-A wo
5 man is a handy thing about the house.
SShe does not cost any more to keep than
Id you'll give her, and she'll take a great
re interest in you. If you go out at night
-. she'll be awake'~WhetfVou get home atd
e she'Ull tell. you, all ,about. youreelf, and
more too. of course she will know where
y ou'vebeen, and rliat kept yon out so
late, and will tell you.. Yet right after
 shegets through .t gyoGTu that she will
.ask you where yorhave-beeb and what
Skept ybu o late. 'And after you tell her
I and she won',believe .ou, yu mnstai't
al mind that; and after going to bed, she
f sayd ahe'Iiasn't Blhbed her eyes the wid&e
i night, and then kP ~ip the matinee two
. hours longer~g i-weetge-teleep when
id eshe.has a c e, you musn't mind that
either; ita her nature.
North Louisiana and Its Natural Re. e
soIureP. tl
in looking ov".1 t!he columns of dit 0
felr-ent pa'trs, I often seo arti els of
praise of thel soil and prioductions of ft
thile Western States, setting forth ma- it
Iiy" and gieat advalltages in opposi- 1
tion to Southern emnigration. When i
in truth there can be no comparison of
drawn between the fertility of the II
soil of the WVest and the South, as
the South is infinitly superior, And ti
if emigrants could be impressed with It'
thecse fiacts, the tide of emigration I
would :ind must turn to the south. n
We will take North Louisiana, where 11
I have been a sojournel for a few p
years, and have been an impartial d
anil close observer of things, and tl
having no interest at stake, am able
and will give an honest and fair el
statement of the facts as they actu. d
ally exist. In North Louisiana there g
are high lands and low lands, or what. iI
is called hill land and flat land ; and a
these lands are cheap, according to w
quality, and the fertility of the soil is 0
indisputable, and its Iproductiveness I
is almost fabulous. Uinder a higher o
grade of good culture, it would yield n
beyond the calculation of those who I
cultivate the soil under the present
system of culture, and far beyond
the belief of those unacquainted,
with the nature and productiveness
of the soil. A good farmer and crop
per can raise two crops of Irish pota- a
toes and two of corn the same year. I
There is no better land for oats
than this. Sow it in season and you c
can cut it in time to sow down in a
stock peas, from which you can bar- p
vest from twenty to twenty-five bush- a
els to the acre, making two valuable p
crops from the same land the same n
year; which can be done in no West- J
ern State. Buckwheat isa good crop b
sown in the woods at the right sea- t
son. Rye is a good crop when put in h
right. Wheat does well ulder pro
per culture and sowed at the right i
season will produce from thirty to t
thirty-five bushels to the acre, and c
when cut the land can be sown down t
in peas for stock pasture. Rice is a t
prolific crop, and tobacco is a good
paying crop. Sugar cane does well,
and every man can make his own y
molasses. Blue and orchard grass do 4
well; clover sowed in the woods J
does well. And as to fruit, there is S
no better peach country than this. b
Apples do well, and under proper 5
culture and pruning, would do better a
than in any of the Northern or West
ero States. Thie fig is an abundant (
crop; the grape is prolific; and what t
can the heart of man desire that is
not produced here f A country like J
this, with a good working emigration, 9
that is of a good induetnroas clam of ii
farmers and meehanics, could be ade ta
a seemting paradisae. Land is cheap, 2
from two to four dollars in the woods,;
and improved from six to sixteen per 9
acre. All that is wanted to make t
this a truly happy country is a good t
farming and mechanical emigration f
to come and settle in this section of a
country. f
And now a word to emigrants, turn e
your attention to North Louisiana, I
where land is cheap; where you can I
do better, live better, and make more C
money than in any other part of the i
Union, where the citizens are kind, I
generous and hospitable, and would
receive all good new comers with the I
right hand of fellowship.
A. SOJOURNER.
Among Our Exchanges.
Newspaper Patronage.
There appears to be many differ- I
ent ways of ounderstanding the true
weaning of newspaper patronage, as
it is called, and as an interested par
Sty, we give place to a disquisition'on
the subject by one who knows where
of be speaks. It will serve, perhaps,
as a mirror where certain persons
may see themselves as others see
them.
Many long and weary years have
0forced the conviction upon us that
newspaper patronage is a word of
many definitions, and that a great
mlajority of mankind are either igno.
Srant of the correct definition or are
Sdishonest in a strict biblical sense of
the word. Newspaper patronage i5
Scomposed of as many colors as a
t rainbow, and is as changable as a
d chameleon.
h One man comes in and subscribes
Sfor a paper and pays for it in advance,
Sand goes home and reads it with the
f proud satisfaction that it is his. He
Shlands in his advertisement, asks the
price, pays for it, and goes to his
Splace of business and reaps the ad
' vantage thereof. Another man sayse
Syou may put my name on'bur books,
Sand goes off without sayipg a w6r4
a about pay. Time passes on, and you
Swant money, and want hitn to.pay
. *,ou what is honestly due yeou.: . He
is es into a passion, perhaps pays, per
- Ihaps not, and orders his paper stop
pod, This is called newspaper pat
t ronageo. " "I
o Another man bringp in a flft-cont
,advertiseqme' t Bid ydants& two-dol
. lar otite giq . it,. ai dif.'you rtef!e,
- lie goes off inad. A~nd tbs t nw-.
e paperpatronage.
SAnotber ms-n lives :ear" you-he
does not take the paper-he doah
like the editor-the paper is too small
Sfor him--yet he goes regular to 6i
Sneaghbor and borrows it, and quar
. rels with the opinins of the editor.
a Occasionally he sees an article he
t likes; hIe begs or gives half a (die
t for the number. This is called nrsi -
I paper patronage. ,
Another ipan likes the paper and
a takessa copy for his family, arid pays
r for it, and does all blie can to get new
1 subscribere; hq never grambles, but
Salwa~e has..' cheerful word for:bth
r editor. If any little Item of interes
'soceta in ' the neigtlborhood, Ire ina
Sforms the editor. This is newspaper
epat ron.ig.
o Another man bas, a patent, and
Swats youea to give it  two-dollar no
ticq every week; it will be of inter
est to your readers, he says ; but al-ý1
though knowing it would benefit s
him most of sill, le does ,ot offer to ti
pay for it. Thisi i. .,alhld iy4 rpaIl'r e
Another nlon rhs taken the paper p
for several years, but has not paid for
it. and comes in with a four or live cl
dollar advertisement, and ask you to i
insert it for nothing, beecause he is an ti
old patron of yours. This is called o0
newspaper patronage. P
Another mgan-"a young man abort a
town," no use of taking a paper,'he a
knows all there is going on. 'By and a
by he gets married, and hands in a a
notice with "just give a dozen copies." Ii
lie gets themu aRnd when you mention
pay. looks. surpaised--"you .. su*lyg
don't charge fox such a thing !" And
this is called newspaper patronage. M
Now isn't newspaper patronage a
cnrions thing? At .i tl 9t W _ltl
day when the gentlema in .bleak
gets his dues, as he surely will, how
many of the patrons enumerated td
above will fall to his share? Now it o'
will be seen that while certain kinds
of patronage are the very life and I
existence of a newspaper, there are
other kinds of patronage that are ti
now more destructive than the dead
ly night shade.--Ex.
New Orleans in 1853. it
N. O. Picayune.
According to the United States cen- P
sus the population of New Orleans in
1850 was 120,747, which in 1853 had t
increased to 154,132. The last pre
ceding epidemic was in 1847, from 1
which date to 1853 the increase in a
population was about. 45,500, besides 0
an estimated floating or transient
population of abaout 5000, givitig an
nnaelimated population of neatly 50,
500. Tile total population eurceptiah
ble of yellow fever was then estima- 1
ted at 60.000, counting those who T
had escaped in 1847, though liable.
During the summer of 1853, occord- tl
ing to such records as could be ob. P
tained and the opinions of experien- a
ced citizens, about 36,000 people left P
the city, reducing the population n
then here to about 125,000. f
The monthely returns from all of a
the cemeteries of interments in that b
year were in January 518, February
487, March 508, April 510, May 676, ;
June 668, July 2132, August 6298, fi
September 1621, October 700, Novem. i
her 747, December 759. Total 15,
572. Of these burials 7063 were
within city limits. ii
The total mortality in 1853 was 15,- a
633, of which 7849 were from yellow d
fever. The deaths from this disease t1
were I in January, 2 in May, 31, in.
June, 1521 in Jul'y, 5133 in A ,lds( i
98S in September,'147 in October, t&
.in November and 4 in Docember, 0A
the victims gro. t,anales,
2475 white Iemales., Their aga were *
under one nlnth' , ide d eOl year
90, under 5 years 197,.,froa te, teo p
twenty years 1598 fooni 'twenty to
thirty 3310, from thirty to fdrty' I,
from forty to fifty 436, from fifty - to
sixty 180, from sixty to sevenaty 54
from seventy to eighty, 15,, from
eighty to ninety 3 ; nt stated 525.
Eighty seven were born 'in ,NewI Or.
leans. 28 in Gulf States,s 54 'yis nbrth
Carolina, Virgioiq and ,,ryra4, .6
in North-wVstern States, 7 in British
America, 1W2I Greatt Britain, I84it' e
Ireland, 12M0 in' QGierty, i'271' ;a' t 1
France, 48 in Holland, 84 in Austria
Poland, P ussia and Denmark, 46 in
Spain. Thetotal deaths .of natipae
of freland.from all diseases wreg,2e l,
and of natives of Geomany1#93.
The deaths from cholera in 1853
were 585. From various epidemic
fevers the deatlhs were .59, from con
sumption 765, from various nervouns 4
diseases 1161, from sunstroke 21, sai- *
cide 14. The deaths of children un
der five years of:age were 3950.
The total nombetr of cases of yel 1
low fever at 'tie'"CiJart(y?'ffloiatal in t
1853 was 831 2 with 1890'deathb, 'The t
Howard Association had charge 1e l
9353 eases, 2252 deaths. At the Maui *
son de Sante ~3 cases, 97 deaths. At a
the Luzenberg Hospital 150 cases, 79
deaths. At thle four Ilkird of Healt li
and Howard Intfirmaries 2616 cases, a
1032 deaths. In the City Workhouse a
thlere were 89 cases, 14 deaths. City
Prison 30 cases, 5 deathia. 4, Athe te
Boys' Orphan Asylume 50'oades, 2 "
deaths;' At tihe Camp Street Female
Orphan Aesylup 81 .ese~i 44:athe. *
At the PoydrasAsylum 50 ases, 9
deaths. At the Circus street Inlfirmary t
(estimated) 300 ~ases, 100 deathls.
iThe cases in "tte'-vrratr '"practice I
numbered 9531, deaths b1691. Total
cases recorded in the' report of the
comnmiesion 29,020; total deafhis8101,
Sor 27,1M per; cent., or, at the rate .t
10o deathes tp 358 eases. ,
Cure foi eiow t evFer.
Cincinnati pnaguirr.
A corr.poodeat ,%eds as, the fol.
lowipg cure for yeliow fever, wlehich
She says, tas pnbllshed by the Bohe
ulitn savant, .Edwrd Praeiss, s"Cir'
cumoaigator of the glohb': ' t .:
:Envelop in strong q oar bottle (gt
- champsgu lo, per so
Sof poistaih one'tIlhi au n1 '
the t 'ttl e,phrl*bftbr'it r i
ou ~j ,hid rahma. corl well'ad l imd
a fr.fi,8vo :m tlea,4 l pa, .ou o
I taer and ahik,'five mtj uts aU.
thein asotherdtince of&w iaSf
.'agar i dbaikbiW tmibttes. ' P hor hl
thuid quicklyr into a.si-oaoe iotntle.
" wlhich wbefore alrea4y; envelopp4,
in paper and Uil with water. c.~ok
well and keei io a dark 'andiero.
The' mixture 'is ofa 'gttr cbolnr
I when exposed to!Ughsithbedomes.ft
, cmposed, change.. .it~p~elog ,la g
Sgreen to whit.,.a d abhee at.
tith. vidofC't
tiPn of fangiSt osa hb dsse
Ibhem where tgsteUl..qab,-, Mu
;ribtie aid: proapotel parupitib',:e . .
I Diricgalqfor ite.-A, a pr14y9
Stake three times a day one-al of a
ta blespoonEfl ""i ,'- ta, o
water. As a cure, take every Ito Iour s
one half a tihiletl'Infli in a half
tunhler of water till pt'ispiration
cnllnol ne'es . T'o irt\lventl ;t rel;pse,
take for three weokA ae ilirccted for a
preventive.
Blatk :vdalit ilhtl otit ever) Tlake
creosote, one doe|lni r,. walter. one
once ; bix and' calk well. ])iaee.
tions for use: Take the liist hou r
one teaspoonful of the creoste pre
paration in half a tuImbler of water,
and tile fllouiing iotmr onl-half of ':
a tahleespunfsl in half a. tmnbler of
water of the chlorate pzeplaration,
and continuie so alternately every
hour until the vornippeages.
Meeting of the Republkhan Slate ('en
trig Conlittee.
tN. 0. Denoeetit.] J
The Republican State Central ('omnmit
tee will meet at Turners' lall 'at 12
o'clock to-day.
Contrary to expectation the country
will be fairly represented there beitng
between forty and filty delegates ifrit
the country pIrishes alrendy ii the cit y.
The meeting will bho a stormy one andn
will be held.with closoeLAouors. -
There are several, iut ters of interest
to be considered, alld amnnlig thc miost
important questions to he decided are:
i. Whbt stand as regards nomilations
will the party take in the cotiing rcatu"
paign ; and
2. How shall the independent move
went of the colored men be stopped. anit
the organization broken up.
As to the first question, there can be
no doubt that if any decision is reahchld
at all, it will be to
CONTEST iACH ONE OF THEI CGO t; S*
SIONAL DISTRSIICT,
and if an acceptable man is put lup hby
some of tile sorehead factions of the
Democratic party, against Major 2. A.
Burke, the Democratic nominee fIr State
Treasurer, to support him.
In this connection it may be stafed
that N. O0:Kennison is spoken of as a
probable candidate against Major IBurke,
and that while the Republicians do not
propose to nominate him (or any otlher
man) themselves, they look for his noini
nation by the Nationals or some other
faction, and if lie is nominated tlhe lead
ers will urge their follows to vote for
him.
As to the congressional districts, Tom
Anderson is. figtaringfor the nomination
from the Sixth, and will probably get
it; Albelt"ILenard, the present Uhitied
Se DiytnOºt Attorney, will pndoubted
ly be nominhted in 'the Funrth, and' in
t~e'tir4 s'ge Taylor)Beuttie will b~
indorsed and supported, unless Darrall
succeeds in'convincing the leoalers in the
district that he is the stronger man, antl
thnliecuureis ra.nomination.
The second .q tou, . regarding the.
iidependent'mhovemenf, is the one wlhich
wilk tatt tbe:dtsattrbanoe ini the niebt-'
n .. The oiev.nceQl, la complaints of,
-'eI.iaidad's ll"1o l5,xontod' b,
Ih '1; n w Wthe. copitdttse.:
tid some action will be insisfed upon.1
T&&4tidt~nItltsales l- a" ab9le sup.'
porter. in, A. Dumont clirman of tL~ ,
coiztnitteg, e ill, It' It sail, iot' yc'"
low fever. ' .. It"
Ever since wdrk' st6pped on the
Washington monument a score O1f ears.
ago a stout rope has hung doyn.on tle
)hai iniide from the ileftiok at tlth thp,
ii on M¶ouday jt b ame a question how,
Si h the top dt'ni makeo a good con
epoioa for itioig -up the, necetsary
kle. After testing the old and weath
rtworntn rope, a rigger t4,lnn'fteed to
glimi up, oqyiang la pew one up With
pii." tphe* ent ~aid r ig T. he' tot
h:fgJty,-aved hiht ~'btt ,it tlheold
ope down. The snryx, ".s5e on
the arotad san be irr', , :. 'h,, the
did rope on strinkiug tu, ,e'.,, fell
pts a thousand pieces. It wa f~,rnd to '1
4e oazpletely rotten through. ald orum
bled to small pieces on being handled.,
lrhe wonder is that it sustained its own
esight, much less that of the. Voututr
some rigger ad his load of rope.
HAs RARUS BR4TEN GOidSMITHi Madi:: .'
T'IME --We are inundated with quel
tions ednerning the heat which Rarus
trot9ted in 2:13.last Saturday at Buffalo,
abm'oWling to the imnportance of thie sui
jetet we make one consolidate4, anpwew',
and transfer it to our editorial coluns.
Se~tion 9, Iale 60, of the Natial Tr'otf '
ting Association provides that in all
mlatihek against time the hlores'hall b6"
allowed.. Mae trials, unleuss expressly
stipnlated to the contrary.
ThI*.leport'hows tbht' Rato t'ivitted
the firat heat. in 2:17, the.. secondl in) ;i ,
a~liaftef taking the word for the thliid,
and going as far as the turn, was ptoe "
up and brought back. After a short r,
hej.Bl llowet a feorth trial, eWlhle iie
trototedin2:l. When Ji~'un rec.avi ,,
the *od go in the thlrt attempt; that;
hears t~aereby started, and his vohan ,
teary abandonment of it was at his own
risk. We decide :that the judge weriC '
wronni= .allowing .hin a 'tqnurth trial, ,
that'f  as'fiiesi~shed'ihbh thb horsce
the purse and pools have been wroiigfuil
t 1watde6db Mntuaainl Ms batke*,Samtl
tkd. Thime, apt1 w naele, y.ai te. e x-, a
hlbiion, aind in no ease can it governl
wagelon tei'te or, result, ;6mf oe ori '
ginal pprse. -Spirit of the Time . I
,Mr. MBilgjder, .rent bOhnse tho; itfer i.
night coniwderably intoxicated aJd ali
Ofllet1ithIsdosllb 'isiI#tl Re ff'ttl~f.'
sme time with 'ie l,L. ,,:
ol Mrs. ilgrlde, ad er
" lh) (hrth opngtso pJb~r igaur two
l don't look enuff alike to ,e (icl)
d iitslet~i ?t~a~~Id) e~~f Yra-,brda ..'
prtgpgression. in pedestrian excursion
alt r)ig ~efkr ba~''tche glifai bf for ''
a4sept, up by1the ltaq,~ of.tih Wpa-rk.
Itg river of 'aletsue, is andeed attend
4with a lI srogeadoaicongloanatieo s,!
ofatr seen difficnlti'- -
k city young lady visaa4p rlfidAcrorl ,in
iu witessedt he predestriau feats p
r p4oeeemng arter ofa nnlte
s m of affright tuped around and tre
tr mi .lt 1' The beet-tltte4h" sa
Vomau.-The fafet ork in Ereati', ',