square.... 4dase an amovesms.I.... .
*~~~ farZlT~C L ttr~tatar.
&w,*.p uu i I -h -
3squares.. 11100 13 n) I"4: 1: 11 011'te, 10
8de~ sn 1 s,01 eR ,, i t l i~ fl;l (\ ot thle PEOPLE*
sqase J. OH. COSCROVE
sI quares... 114 9 OU t : 0. jnIl k it il EI (r SAarlU I A Y M orni(gý
*sq u a res.. . I7 00 i2 0 n 7 n I (l 1 E
3 squares... 100 1 00 nn u1 i - n
dquares.. , 140I 0MSo n:V 0-- lipsTiPtiOttl H·8fe *
2700 :o;TH Wi'54otiiTII VLFAR{E OF' THlE PEOPLE 1s THE~ StUP1{LlE LAW. __ -
Si -quarea.i. 250 - t 00 n0 IINI :)t :p:i:; 6 1ken ýor in advance.
:aes... M - a Official Organ of the White Citizens of Red River, Sabine, Winn and Natchitoches Parishes. ta
30 quares... Rs on on o I 2:9 no a o j ie u a St be pAid in nd
- - -i -A -ii .- - --ta
10 lines rier, ertin. Fii Ms. VOL. V. NATCHILITOCII ES, LA., vDECEI 1 7, S7S. N.
'rransientadynert jsei smert $.Si (artItgl[ *n fh mlcl e e l
ql~ent ineertie~n 75 cen~ts pt'r iqular~. - -- -- ~ ---- _______ - - - - - - ~ gilrn e tn
Professional Cards.
Wm. g. Jac]L.,
S(Rnccessor to JACK t l'tIfNOs
Attorney and Counxelorf att Ite
NATCHITOCIIES, LA.
WJILL practice in the Courtsof Neatchitot h'.
W ý Sabine, DeSoto, Rlet River, Winn, IL pilaN
andGrant, and in the Supre.mn Cou(rt of thei
State. Claims promptly attended to.
April 2 1877.
WM. M. LEVY. IANNIEI. C. SC. solint ROU011.
MY& SCARBOROUGH,
ATTOR YE 'S AT 1,1 1.
HAVING aneociated thenmelves wiblt practice
lin the Parish and Diatrict, the 17thInudi
eial District, and in the parishes of Win andt
Grant, Supreme Court of Louisiana, U. S. Iit
t.ct and Circuit courts of Louisiana antd '. S.
Conrt of Claims at Washington.
Otffice in the Lacosto lBuilding
(Up Stairs.)
NAT'C IITOCIIEc , LA.
Aug. 3, 1s76-.ly.
J H. & M. J. CUNNINGIhAM.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
St. Deuls Street, Natchitoches, La.
W ILL give prompt and ipersonal at
V tention to all busiurss entrustedl to
their care
Practices in the District aiml 'tParishl
Courts in the Parishes of Natehitoches,
Red River, DeSoto andl Sabine, anid Ietore
the Supreme Court at Monrote and1 New
Orleans. Jan 5 7- y
C. CHAiPLIN. C. F. UDtAN(t ET. T. 1'. ('n1tth-I
CHAPLIN, DRANGUET & CHIAPLIN.
Attorneys at Late,
NATCHIITOCIIES, LA.
PRACTICE in the District Courts or
Natchitoches, Sabine, DeSoto and
Red River and in the Supreme Court of
the State. March 2-ly.
J M. B. TUCKER,
Attorney and Counsellor at Law,
OFFICE
St. Denis Street, - - Natchitoches, La.
ILL practice in the District and Par
ish Courts of Natchitoches, Sabine
Da8oto and Red River, and the Supreme
Court of the State.
All business entrusted to his care will
receive prompt attention. Apr 13-1y
M. A&. DuLnn1,
Physician and Surgeon
Montgomery, La.
Magistrate.
JOHN N. TUCKER,
Magistrate Warddl.
St. Densia Street, : : Natchitoches, La.
PROMPT attention given to all business
entrusted to his care.
p. Claims collected at small cost.
Refers to the Bari Generally.
Jan 5'78-1y
Business Cards.
j., C. Triohel,
-DEALER IN
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD
WARE, BOOTS and SHOES, HATS, -
ETC..
Highest cash price paid for Cotton and
Country Produce.
WASHINGTOLST.,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
C. A. BULLARD. N. H.CAMPI ELL
Bullard & Campbell.
IKALKRN IN
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
BARDWARE,
And General Mechandise.
Corner FRonT & LAFAYETTE Street,
Natch4itocles, La.
U WHEST cash price paid for cotton aud
IL country produce in cash or merchaudiaso
MarchS5 -.fy.
C. L. WALYILKT U. K, WALMSLEY
C. L. WALMSLEY & CO,;
COTTON FACTORS
-AND
NDEILJA COMIISMON IBECIANTS.
Perdlido St., New Orleans, La.
JOIN L. GILL,
-wrra- .
:GREGG & FORD,
1COTTQTN IFAC'tO RSisi
la~u
Va .glne IN
41OCERIES & WESTERN PRODUCEi
* 4g'gg1%4tf 1 Rgo ns'o Hss (*a..
.2001 sad SS ATWe,
1I lRJV. P Q1i. .'.:4 .4.! .'.
!·· da;~8.slePID-~:sl:
Xt ·
:11,L at. 1#? some, :+I. "
Miscellanieous.
it
1''
Ii
*i A
CHILLS, FEVERS, DYSPE.*SIA
CFemale Disordors. Presar _..' by
, The Home Bitters Co., St. Louis,
Prescribed By Best Physlcians,
and Sold by Dealers Everywhere.
LAURIE&McCLATCHEY'S 0
OMcEOPATHIU
DOMESTIC MEDICINE.
Eighth Edition: 10.141 pp.:
large 8vo. half Moroco * price Mi. lrrfr.1ef E & TAFEL,
New Y',rk, Plila. atnt New Orleansa.
This Is the mo-t complete and comprehensive work on
le u bject in the English language. Send stamp for de
I T lptive prire current of this aid other book.. ALdress
BoeRrrtc"a & TArF.t., Uona opathlc Pharnmacty, Ite Canal
Street. New Orleans.
it I5 $100, $200, $500, $1000
1t -ALEX. FROTIIINGIIAM & CO.,
to Brokers, No. 12 Wall Street, New York, make
desirable investments in stocks, which frequeut
Sly pay from five to twenty times the amounit ini
vested. Stocks bought and earried as long as de
sired on deposit of three per cent. Explanatory
re circilars and weekly reports sent free.
ilDR.BUTTS
No. 12 N. Eighth St
. St. Louis, Mo.
Who has hrad greater experience in the treatment of the
sexual troubles of both male und female than any physrician
tIn the West gives the results of hisi long ald succesIsful
practice in his two new works, just published, entitled
The PHYSIOLOGY OF MARRIACE
The PRIVATE MEDICALADVISER
Books that are really Guildes ad telf.tnstruetors in all mat
ters pertaining to anhood annl Worarbood. and supply
wantlong felt. They are berltfuolly illustrated, and in plain
language, easily understood. The two hooks embrace 51
01 pages, andcontain anrable informationa forbothmarriedand
Iti s withalltherecentirmprovementuinmedieltrseatment
Read whatotrhomepagers say :"The knowledgeinmparted
of In Dr. Burtl Wnew works isn o way of questionable char.
acter but is something that every ne shoauld know. The
Toet. the victim of early indiscrrtion; the Nan, otherwise
perfectly healthy maybe,buit with wani vIr in the rime
- of lifh and the Woman, in mise
from t mrry Ils her se La br
toD"-St. Louies Journal.
POPULAR PRICES-tD eta. each
both in onevolume, 1; in cloth an
gilt, 25 ets. extra. Sent under seal,
receipt of price Ia money or stamps.
The Remedy of the 19th Ceatary.
r fAADE Barham's Infallible
PILE CURE.
Manufactured hby the
l Baham'Pile oure Co., Durham, N.O.
MARK. Itnever hfaltsto cure Hemeorrholds
ill . r P hl e.,*whn a cure Is posible.
.01` 0 Price List and rou oe tds (aainQtlll
Y tarnshedo appllctlon
Madison Dispensary,
201 8. Clark St., Chicago, Ill.
tR. EtlELOW, having o0 eanrs erxerire.e
creats SEXISI ANSD ClIONIC lIl x tAi in
n both sexes SariLY, SURiLY, luII rnoLY.
NEItTOUS DEtILITi, from nexanl atone or
`eroenra, proirMerig IlMPOlTENC., PIPLfS
. 0 TIE Fuelt. Ar., renlerring MAIRIAGIK
.llPt4I4'PRn, an he positively and perma
.entlye cred.Willaiirrantevery casre. Palnoth
, paes ornts. Ils )IA M3 s1tlt s11iUt:l OR tEXCAL
PATlIOLtPi', 230 large ens's. ltl1.ItTIiATED, castainmne
mirth that was nresr kcfaro i hbithn l, Price SO eta. Letters
(ONFIDsiNTIAI- Fea tirs r.P , $3, saTRA SrToma, $10.
Sond ocits for sample ctublar Goods, &c. by press
'PRESCRIPTION FREE!
For the speedy Cure of Ntrinaacl Weakness Lost
SManhrorl and all disorders brorght on by Indis
cretion or excess. Arty Liruggrrt has the inrr
dierrts. Auduena ISV. WV. JAQUFJ & 149..
4*. 130 Wesnt Si tah Stmet. Clnclnatut, O.
ess 8 W8 atchcS53to$7. Revolvera
V $2.50. OVcl 10) latest Novelties.
A911A1twantrd. Su.SupplSCit suhxagltO.TeO
Id
la
£ Mstery Solved.
The Greatest Medical Trii~ph orf
Modern Times ! The. lMy4terious - ,
Chaouel of Dºiseae Discorered, a
and a Certain ('ore Prod -
" hi
Lrter, and y omels
tThe G s ediic ofo
Disease.
PAnS aS letainR(rE PriS
The Great Anti-'illions HmeHly aud.
rdl
01 Disasoler.
PARýSON'S
PURGATIVE PILLS
Are the result of long-coutiared .Scien
tific inve'btigation, and are Warranted to
4cure all diseases originating in the
. Stomach, Liver, and Buo:ls.. No grip
ing pains follow the use of these Pills,
unless the Bowels are inflamed; but Re
lief, Immediate Relitf,.mmay` he relied
S1eh .A-M& COlmmOi Family Plysi,. o
.....PARSON'S
PIUR R O AAT 1I.-VE. PI.'LLS S
Stand noequaled before.the world to-day.
D3y.yuaryg. the.dls eaýccOpt4iigg to iirec
tions, Partons' Purgative Pills effectually
Puirify the Blood and greatly alleviate,
if net'entirely 'dn Dyspeptia, Scrofula
or King's Evil, Rose, ErysipehuA or Si
Arit1houy's-Fiire, Eruptions, axd BEruptive
N Diseagetde the. Skin, Salt Rheabt. Tet
ter, ingworn, 1 Sores; Boils, - Tumors,,
tMorbid "mSwellings, Uloerations, Piml es
and Blotches.
EVERY'BOX WARRANTED,
rMost Complete. Satisfantioi' Guaranteed
Sor No Pay,
L 'Full diretions l arintld each . box.
Pbh'sioi4ii5 supplieid 'by miail, potl-paid,
fo $2.50 per thou&a 1, iai bulk'ciosh in
LA advaice. We Will sehd these Ails Ma
any retiable driggist ot nmerchAit to sell
on cotimiind6 Ageilts wauted every
. ere.r.:.I
.. g.. JO Uso i N &a CO,
ý""~J AEBZ(r rbtt JU )& Eronritr.'
4` a ,
Miscellaneous.
"VEGETINE."
`.1 .I P t .-tn phts icians. "1019 no etnal 1s a
blood Iuritier. 11emnin,ý of itsnum ny woui-rtld
nIras after all it her reuiidivi hadl failed, I vis
ited II,. tiiiabovatori . and lonvince tIiip selt of
it, i e-n inr nn t ,it, i, prrlpaid eo ! hiii;,,
cools ;tut her ts: vach e1 wvhiuh ir. highly rttrr.
ive. m l h :re n1 iII nded in nch mu ra u
no I. t!, Io Iralinre astunishing result Its.'
VEGETINE
Is the gre.at Blood pnritie r.
VEGETINE
S W\'ill core the worst case of Scrofnla.
VEGETINE.
I reionunendi'l hb. hirai:riousand apothecaries
SVEGETINE
t i Il:,, vil;·(ted omemn marvellous cures in cases
VEGETINE
(' esIn .4te wor~st cast. ol" fanker".
) VEGETINE
Me'ets with w~onderfunl success in Mercur~ia
VEGETINE
Will eradicate Salt RIIheI frot the system.d
VEGETINE
1Emum 's Piples and IRnmors from the face.
. AVEGETINE
it res t ton tipatitn and ieiulates the bhwelst
XVEGETINE
tl Is a valuble remedy for Hecadacht.
Y EGETINE
IW"ill t I iie al thpepsi1.
E VEGETINE
S Inti Pare to the entire sykrlcn to a healthy
F cditieta .
SVEGETINE
;. iRemoves the cause of Ditain Woak
ITEG E'NE
Relives Fhrantness at the Stoemach
VEGETINE
C'itres Pains in the Back.
VE GE'lINE
Effectually cures Kidney Complaint.
. VEGETIN
Is Flfoecive ja itp cure of Female Weaknese
VEGETINE
Is the great remedy for'General:l)ebility.
e In acknowledged by all classes of people to .
Y"in the hust and most' reliable blood puritier in t to
or world.
2 VECETINE1.
re PREPARED BY
H. R. STEVENS, BOSTON, IISS.
1 Vegetinu is Sold by All Druggists.
CUt Senbfrb orabook 05
Ompinm Eating, to W. B. Squir4
Worthlg..o, Oreenao Co.Ind.
--- ----------Cii
00X7 TEC> EPI EPH% .S; .
A Postal Card sent us with your ad
dress will insure free in return, our Illns- gr
trated Circular of nice Honsefurnishing wi
Speeialties. Palmer. & Skilton,Manufac- nit
turers, 281 Pearl Street N. Y. Nov. 16-4w. _
AGENTS WANTED-For the best and e
Sfastest selling Pictorial Books and Bi- til
bles. Prices reduces 33 per cent. Nation. to
al Publishing C., PhiLadelphiy.Pa 4a wi
'- ··.it~
--AGNTfEA-III- ini
We will pay Agents a Salary of $104 b
per month anti expenses, or allow a large w
commission to sell odr new and wonder- de
ful invqmtione.; We jrpan what we say le
Address, 'it'l iii delthy; fe ""
I SHERMAN & CO., Marshal Mich., .4w sa
TEA. 8
AHEAD ALL THE..TIMILP'C
The very best goods fiom the importers a
at half the usual cost. Best plan ever o-.a.
feredl to Club Agents and large buyers..
All Express" hargesPaid. New termns fre .111
''THE GREAT AMERICAN TEA CO. '
P. 0. Box, 235. 31 & 38 Tesey St. N' di
t
BENsOVS C1PcIN'.E.: P1OUS
PLASTER.
A WONDERFULt I]IEDY.
.There is no comparison betWeen i
and the conmmon slow acting orot
plaAter. It is in every way supdtfor to P
altother external remedies iudludin F
iniments and the so-called elcdtrici e
appliances.R-contains new medica a
Selements phiph in cqmbination with i
1e wictei posesses miedst/oztvnaoIlna *C
pain relievimg. strengthning and en
i Ativ e'propoiirtlls.''A Physician in .
yout ownlocality will Confim' th
adiove statetment. Fot' LameiBack, f
lhumatiam, Female Weaknes,Stth., .1
ºor hld Nd iditid Colds an'd Odlghe, e
diseased Kidneys, Whooping cough,
affections of the heart, and all ills fO 4
which porous plasters are used, it Is
C-`fr Benson's (apelne Porous Plaster
ly fjale ng other. sold by all Drn
e,, t-ak s.23a. t on receipt o
la r ySpýr & Johyon, 2l4 lat
40 'et Yo'r .. Nov-i 64w
es AGENTS WANTED FOR;'
Dll IAstCU'Q'l? NVgIK?
FROM
ed DARK TSODAWN.
In this new volume the Popular A
'x. thorof Night Scenes in the Bible potrays
id, with vivid and thrilling force and elo -
Iin eucB, tJit" evetA of $a ýd Trpths,
l aifddtehf testitrony to'he''bnti8y, pa
l tbheo and,sublimmbyleof the Stories of the
,y- Bible. Agents will find this Book wt
its sparkling thoughts, glowing s
eatiful Engfravings, and rich bindings,
the best in the market. Terms Lib
W li~ J C McCa
?? e, r, Nov r1
1
Borrioboola Gha. tit`
0 ttlu.
A stranger preached last hiudaly fo1
Anllt crowds of pe"'ple taht. ti:
''o heat at wo-honrs seri pe
With a barblarous-sounm~t~ mie DR s W1
1'TiS ill about stnih heathen atil
'Thounsatns of miles athr' in
Who live in a haud ofat aar.nes,
Called "lPorriobotla Gha." toi
tol
So well their wants he pictured gil
Thait wlhen the plate was passed WI
Each listener felt his pocket, itt
And goodly sums were cast ali
IFor all must lend a shoulder th
To push the rolling car tla
That carried light. anth comfort of
To "Borrioboola Gha." th
Thlat night their wa uteand rrows be
Lay heavy oii my so 1,
And in deep nmeditatiow d al
I took my morning troll.-P . fe
Till something caughilt my nantle in
With eager grasp and wild, cii
And, looking down with wonder, th
I saw a little child. to
re
A pale atnd puny creature r
In dirt and rags forlorn,
What. could she want ? I questioned, SC
ImpIatiienIt to be gOne. 01
With trembling voice she answered! S
"We live just down the street, tc
Anid nmamlma she's a-dyin' st
Andt we've nothing left to eat." a
Down in a wretched basement, S
With mold upon the walls, t
Thr-o' whose half-barred windows
God's sunshine never falls; ri
Were cold, and want, and hunger ti
Crouched near her as she lay, ,
I found a fellow-creatnre d
i Gasping her life away. a
A chair, a broken table,0
A bedll of dirty straw,
A hearth all dark and tireless
Bitt these I scarcely saw. a
For the tuornful sight before me, i
The sad and aick'ning show- ft
Oh. never had 1 pictured ti
A scene so full of woe. It
The famished and the naked,
The babes that pinu for bread,
Tile squallid group that huddled
Around the dying bed;
All this distress and sorrow
Sihloanid be in lands aflar; d
Was I suddenly transplanted t
To "Borrioboola Uha s' s
I
Ah no! the poor and wretched a
Were close beside the door,
And I had passed them heedless t
A thousand times before.
Ala#! for the cold and hungry
That met me every day,
S While all my tears were given
To the suffering tfir away.
There's work enough for Christiansue
In distant lands we know;
Our Lord commands His servants,
Thmrough all the world to go.
be Not only to the heathen
i 'This was His charge to them :
"Oh, preach the world, beginning
First at Jerusalem.
A Christian, God has promised
W...o o'er to thee has given
.A.cupof purucold water
Shall find reward in heaven,
Would ynou secure the blessing,
:8. You need not-seeit far;
- Go, find in yonder hovel
A "Borriobools Oha."
1. -Religious Herald.
Both Sides. W
:Cincinuati .Enquirer. (Nortlern Dem.) ti
The Soith irtnot "solid," but it lhas t
great temptations to be..e solid. The .
white people of the South have seen t
- nioan ivhi cobld neitlher read not write
-no matter what their color-control p
elections, make- laws, tax property bi
Still property was given away to avoid m
taxation, steal public funds almost
without limit, and beat back prosper- gt
ity in every. way from a laud plead
ing for. prosperity. ..The South has 0e
S.beerrnowder the. .rule of.adventurers i
Swhose only purrpose was public plun- 1
der, and wlhose puyrpose was remorse
lessely accomplished. The South has H
sat benoeith bayonets from Washing
t oi' -diat robbed Tfree States of free n
government, that turned our Gover
dior and 'Legislathtres at a bayonet's
pleasire; thait subjugated States equal a
toany "beneathli tie flag. Taxation
and public tlhieviig tnade property
alinoet'viiluieless, and the irksome and bc
indescribably ':reptignant' necessity t
was fimpo ed upon the people of sevy
did States of livifg Under' Govern
' ibiint itot hlidit d6w: It wias against 6
Ithii'tlisat the Colonie'R;, Northero and
Soiathern' rbellted abot"'tan hundred e
years ago. The people of the South a
hiv Ueer .." patentt people during a
thirte ii year. otf pence. Countless
indlghitiesa iaiv' beeti ebdured. Thesec
State lihoe' been helpless beneath the
ito6b lmaitd. -.Intelligence has" been a
pl'atdd beneath the feet of ignorance, .
Piwer aiar bieei stoleb from the own
ets 'otthie ioil by the processes not of1
wat,' but of peace, and the seil' itself a
'biis almost been stolen. The ' provo- .
catitn of the South 1h great, so great
that n6 Nbrttherl State would tolerate
esut wfoogs foen liour without some
frqin OtýstlItance. It isa principle '
in gb'gd voerpimpt that the' St.te t
ehs1hbuldid6a wrotg. The complaints 1
of'thpetiuiead othtbeSouthlare gronud
'ed1imit tbia ta iidtietaatiuueonsf free
'go6teti b ndht'ks eell' a'in the tendon
c'yof'htffmal nmator t resOflrrt tan i.
jury.. It is not easy to paint the e.-.
Sp Of thie'Sath'too strongly. The
mfuttages Inlicted on her people u.
der dovoer of law and authority oan
*not reage t'st tethe individual
outrAAR~PtY: bjmbTt vrong dooe to
.tates, to great coomanitles, asa
yesnoverlooked, while the wrong.
infipted, io. indivdpah Jbaye. been
looked at throogh a microscope, aid.
imaginary wrongs, nevero committed.
have been still more Dmagified,
manipulator not being em
ir- 1by cts-b
ays Let that side .of tb uadietioh be
n Ls focpt"lv may, and there
it t -ofbe. t-bject.
a President 8 had paved the way
thefor a restoUanion, tor reconoilia
f oe ledt miade tuttered
. Inthe face of opposition
ý _awpt i4Cto o naO1tion, of
I~ h qsp$k$ a som pahos,
bYe sto Ab people of
those Southern States that had it not
tlheir owII Goveineilits.lt It was left
I for the people of tlihose States to show It
I that they deservid thle gift. The
jIpeace shloul5 d be kept by those to
whom peace was given. They that
asked juistice shoiiuld do justice. Come
into Coiut with clean hands. It was
tile iduty of the people of thoseo States
to show that when their States were
given to them they were able and w
I willing to take care of them. Grat- bi
itude and selfishness should have ani
alike prompted this-gratitude for tl
their freedom from thralldom, and b
the desire to keep it. All the citizens t(
of tile Southren States, as well as all si
the State Governments, should have a;
been painstaking in the endeavor, a
when left to themselves, to remove it
all rational excuse for Federal inter a
ference in their affairs. Every white ''
man was doubly bound to protect all t
citizens in their rights, to maintain g
the Amendments to the Constitution, g
to keep tlhe peace. A responsibility p
rested and still rests on the State t
Governments. When there was rea- e
son to believe that there was disorder
or violence in any part of a Southern i
State prior to the election, the Hamp- a
tons and the Nichollses should have 1
summoned the entire militia force e
under their command to suppress tlhe f
same, as they should now use all the t
State authority to the punishment of I
those guilty of outrages upon the P
rights of citizenships. The duty of t
the Governments of the Southern E
States in this matter, as of all the in- I
dividual citizens of tile South, is plain
and imperative. Enforce the laws. I
Obey the Amendments. Keep the
peace. The accountsl of "outrages" i
in the -South have been grossly ex- I
aggerated, and because of this cer- I
tainty that they will be exaggerated 1
for political purposes in the North'
thlere should he none of thlem. The
loss of a felr members of Oongress in I
the South would be a trifling loss comr
pared fith that inetrred byi sending the
cry through the North that has gone
abroad within a week. It is not prof
itable t9 heap up wrath against the
day of wrath. The Democratic par
ty every-where is pledged to the Con
stitutional Amendments. Let the
Democracy every-where, in and out
of office, North and South, eacredly
keep that pledge. Let us avoid even
the opoearance of evil in this regard.
It is i)emocratic to do this, as it is
patriotic.
The Sonthren Question In a Nutshell, o '
The Charleston (S. C.) News and ed
Courier says : all
"The recent elections in South Caro- of
lina and in every other Southern p,
State are evident that tile white peo- lie
ple of the South, with the colored to,
people who are their polttical allies, sic
are determined that they will never we
again be robbed and oppressed as ros
this state was from 1868 to 1876. And thi
the elections are evidence that the ha
colored people, even where they have let
the numerical majority, can not hold be
their own against the superior intel- an
ligence, means and courage of the ,tl
whites. According to the Northern 9o0
papers, eighty thousand or ninety it',
thousand Citizette (of African descent) is
were diefranchised or defrauded of
) their oivil rights on that . day. The cl
plain troth is that emancipation and th
ethe suffrage cost the colored man fel
nothing, aind lihe will not make, for mi
thle maintenance of his rights and
1 privileges the. sacrifices.. cheerfully to
made by the white.race. to whom the Z
Sballot and the right of self-govern- an
it ment represent the results of strug- ad
t gling for liberty for centuries. When qu
the two races come in conflict, whleth- mi
or in politics or in industrial life, the as
weaker race goes to the wall. - This foi,
is the philostphy of the overthrow of hte
negro domination in the South. Mr. ed
SHayes cannot mend or chainge it an to
less he can plant in the body of every go
' negro the hears "at 1 brain and soul th
of the white man.".. th
SThis is "the truth the whole truth fo
and nothing but the i-uth"-iona nut- di
n shell. Republican rule in the South wl
--which means -the domination of w
carpetrbaggers and. niggera-canuot ti1
be re-established without the perpe- tli
y tual presence of a sitanding army. cc
The so4uern peoplewittu ever vol of4
ntarily -go back where .they. were hi
from 1868 to 1'6.. They prefer ratih- fo
d er-and will have, if worse come to w
h worst'4 mlit&y1Y oVernment, pure. cc
and simple. 1(q quatity. or quality ,
g of education or legislation, or both a1
B combined, 'cant make the black mliti
e the equal of the white; and. as lon g,
i as the.t3orragccs iiwell together, the ai
n superior will, in one way or another, 1I
manifest and maintain-its stperiority. ai
SHerteis the anmn and-eaeessense of the g
O southertrqfestion; and -the Repablitt
can party ma -as well accept it and
at at-accordingly. ""The'solid South" a
tar its foundatioa in hbman-s nature,
Suot'iu tiolitics ;and the-North,, under
Saimtlar 'circumstances,' would-be just a
e a solld, and fpr- precisely - the same r
ý tenon-self.preasration. Democracy r
t o RRepnhblictbiism,-as-ueh;-hYa e noth*
id' iwhateaerto` -with it
d* if Mr;' Hayes. satd hissRadius =
1p advisers titnk'the colored vote-oi* p1
L- Sodth tasufcieirt-onsequeneqcon..
SRepKnblietpartpyt' jut ifYdbountry
Sversion of that section o lthem take
lto e tillitary g -itae The
1athie proper oesdoplishe$ in nd
t objedt ckn sds all. -iizperimeiting in
bther wayp;. is o au m lch waste ot
okthee W ebld ;The be :liberal aid
tn otJaee of byelleth -may put
isd. dSiengre br-the bek bft the bwbith,
ed and keep him there; but nothing else
ere-di0d, maldothingele ever can.
Sk Lsal B iQpublicatr.
be
are A young lady hesitating for a wrd
e* in describing the character of a e
rsy jected suitor said: -"He is not a
lia- tyrant, not exactly domineering, but
red __n *"Dogmatic," asggested her
ion friend.--"NIo-rh-bas not dignit4y
O enough for that; I think poiptalce
wold contvy my Rnefln( admir
"~ably." -
GAMBLINGt IN WASHIIN&nIIM . I"lil
IReminiscences of the Golden .ge When poot
Solid Old Slatesmen Fought the ve'ral
buhy I
T bersýiger:.
[An Old (hambler's TIalk in the W' sThin - I
toll Post.] 11'0b ils
J cl lu ~ I1(11111
In old times I don't believe. there eld i
I were more than halt' a dozen memn- So lo
- bers we didn't know well in a busi
e ness way, but I swear now as a gen
r tleman that not more than tfour ruem -
I bers of the last Congress ever came The
a to our rooms. They get together on lr
1I short cards in their room at the hotel M
e and play on a twenty-five'cnt ante gl
, and $5 limit, and if a man loses $10
e in the course of a night lie goes out [Cob
next day and puts crape on his hat.
e Why, the man that wins $25 on a to oi
I turn now thinks his reputation for a et
a gambler is estgblished, and he he- gret
I, gins to talk about us fellows that i exre
y play. If we can't do Letter than exc
,e that, we'll have to turn in and eat ii
- each other up. ovel
ir Now, in old times we thought notlh-oo
u ing of having a thousand or two up give
. on a turn. There was old Humphrey Ibut
re Marshall. He was a Prince. I never n
;e saw an amateur in my experience of An
to forty years who would put down as"1
re much cold money out of his hands as The
of Marshall. Some fellows, you know, solu
1e are queer about cards. There was litic
of the other Marshall. He was differ- gi
on ent from Humphrey that way. IHe d
n- laid himself out on piling his stack of that
in chips up to the ceiling. But Hinmpli- ters
s. rey would come in and pull the coll alie
eto cash out of his clothes and put it all dan
s" down on a turn. Hle made lots of ileg
x- money, lived like a lord and never p
r- seemed to be short. Hold up. Yes, exp
5d he was short once, that's a fact. It are,
th was about the time that be came from feet
he Chili, where lie was American Minis- Thi
in ter. Hie came into the rooms one of I
,1- day and said his wife wanted an al- lan
he dition to the house, and he was going the
tic to give her nmoney to build it with The
,f- right off that table, and, by the Lord, mai
he he did! He walked off with $ r,400 rrub
Ir- on three turns, and next day began at t
n. work on his house. He played just and
he like one of us-cool as ice all the une
ut time. war
ly One of the grandest old men at the cep
en business was Thad Stevens. Thad blo
rd, played a pretty game, not very big, ion
is but scientific; and then, too, he was g,.e
regular about it. Never came across and
any one who had a bigger soul of but
II. honor about him than Thad. L used ,a
to love him like a brother. He play. life
nd ed blue chips, never got excited at we
all, but took more solid comfort out pri
ro of it than most any one I ever saw. ties
rn Poor old Thad!.- I remember when rj
o lie was on his death bed. .The doc- da%
'ed tors had been giving out that he was con
1, sick of this thifig and that, and in.
rer wouldn't let any one come into his pro
as room. He sent for me. .When I got al c
nd therethe housekeeper said that she ed
,he had been positively ordered not to rho
wV let any person talk to Mr. Stevens; to
)ld but Thad happened to hear my voice,. t'ac
el- and he called out:."Bob,". said he, feal
he "these old fools are trying to find and
r' some excuse for killing me off, but tiot
ity it's all nonsense.' Seventy-eight year. disc
Ot) is my oomplaint. I wanted to see .cou
of you, old fellow, beforeJ passed in my abi
he chips for the last time," and he died der
,nd that day, the grandest and best old eat
ao fellew we've had in publc life forI -
for many a day, I tell you.. ant
nd Some of those foreign fellows used the
Ily to be game, espeeially the' Russians. ers
thI I guese it's in .the blood with them out
rn- any how, they all had it in the old oII
ig- daiys, fom Bodiaco down. He wasa we
l6n queer coon, but the most systematic
th- man at the game you ever saw. He
the used to set aside just so much money
his for this little fun. If he was in lock
of hie'd play ahead, and sometinies'clear-i',
ir. od a stake, but' generally le didn't wh
"o turn up well, and when so much was wil
ery gone he'd push .his chair back from me
oul the table and say quietly, in alws ys.e
the same words: "Ze appropriation cot
nth for zat is all exhaust." Then, if he
ut- didn't feel tired, he looked on for a
ath while before going home.., He never'
of went over his limit on the appropria- on
Ubt tion. The fellows connected with
pe- the Russian Legation then used to ac
ny ,come aronnd nearly every day, s cid
oh of thesm playing bIg. If they didn'
ere haby thbe ashi ji.mde uqo diflerence, ali
Ith- for, tlhey were just as good as old rs
Sto' wheait. The batik kept a regular ac- ua
urse conot with'tbem by the mouth, and
lity when. their sinews of war cafile
oth arqpd th e'd clear, the' slate. ,Batu th
nu'i' Lord!' I do 't believe any of those e
88 good old fellows arA' iuftlte cattitr3' tIm
the any more. lubuapypears like a pesti- p
yer, len aor abarricane had come along .e
ity. and swept the whole crowd into ti'
itgr-av% .ey in I
and In the.old days there was4Ine and be
Ith" the game, and it paidS.6 a game "pI
ure, wine'your patrone - "'f 8100,000 in "iln
nier used'totclear' upwffford to be gene- "ti
la saon, weasn, w tog;ky the luncb. I can "el
awe ron. and gitjf year when we got ",*
racy rememlIbSg beo season with fifteen "c
Saway.$basket. of champagne. . Yes, "'b
hb.tijrjsee, it coat a good deal.less than "a
lies batether'values- weresiio pro- "rt
poin. We never thioughteof asking. TI
gentlmnan whrat be'd inave to drink ru
t w ie, e lookei ' l Uitiy' ';' 6l' just to
* wrangtjpe ki.a o boptle and that' li
The was the 4 .oif it (lit ampggtie then in
The was the only drink. l:Bt nqwagays w
thew.isamt ustoeasomswho comes to as
th ebbl-roose who doesn t eat up his P'
aiid tiiad' drink tip' his saws three fr
tioueg dover intwenty-fot' hours. et
iti Why, *ould'ybaU'beliee itt'even a
b'es' the old summer retorts doet' care a
lsanyn o.r-fthe gam..- Iwient down
Sthis sommer oo White Sulphas just to
siee if I cuoldd't 1nod' Aome of the old a
Southern" blood.' We opened out. I
wprd (Une dq thde bik took" 834'; then 1
.diid't'do '" cent's *orth' of business i
t6r several days, nttil soene young.I
obot stera dropped in, and Wt cleared
her about $40. Tini T'a4icened me, and I
guity pakaEtkd "d I thought 'you know, if
rto thereb *s "any 'gasmetlet au o
r ,toc ltIt wkul4 grow u at
,. Ssp but it is
(CT-~~
('wd,, is t here are. different; getting
I rl, too ger, too promiscuous, too
ii poor1 . 'e men sit around on the
verand;a, tke the girls driving and
buy hbal , tickets tfor tlhem-all such
sortI sport as that; bt they've quit
risking stankes on a turn like the old
I bops. It made me feel sick looking
round ilthat place to think how chang-,
ed every thing is. .But I mast go
So ling.
Thi War Settled Nothing.
The Voice (of the Orator at the
ltnveiling of the Confederate
I Motneumnt in Augusta, Geor
g itt.
t [Colomni- C. C. ,lones, Jun., Loquitar.]
For the past we have no apologies
Sto otter, no excuses to render, no re
a grets to utter, save that we failed in
our high endeavor; no tears to shed,
t except over withered hopes and the
t graves of our'depitrted worthies; We
yielded in tile end, because we were
overborne by superior. numbers: and
weightier munitions. Any pledges
p given will he by us duly observed
ý but it is well known, alike by friend
)and stranger', that nothing has been
Sabsolutely determined except the
squestion of comparative strength.
T ''heo issue furnished only a physical
' solutioni of the moral, social and po
s litical propositions involved' In the
l gigantic struggle. The sword. never
Sdoes, and never can compassa. other
than a forcible arbitrament in mat
ters of conscience, principle and in
il alienable right. Even now the fan
o11 damental claims, the political prir
of ileges, and the vested rights ip. sup
port of which the Southern people
, exlpended their blood and treasure,
It are, in a' mnoial point of view, unaf
m fected by the result of the contest.
sT This we confidently affirm in the teeth
e10 of the practical and in many respects
1 lamentable consequences entailed by
ig the interventions of the vie major.
th The necessity. was laid upon as to
, maintain our State sovereignty, home
rule, honor, property and self-respect,
in at the expense of wounds; desolation
let and death. An appeal to arms in an
he unequal strife and in a defeosite war
was all that was left to urs. We ac
Ie cepted the issue. For four long and
,d bloody years were our entire man
g, hood and capabilities enlisted In the
as great battle for constitutional liberty
's and self-preservation. We .failed,
of but not until we had demonstrated to
ed an expectant world that we esteemed
y' life less d'ear than -honor, and that
at we were a6 least not onworthy the
ut privileges, the home and the pquali
w" ties for whidkciwoantended.
el The day will surely come-aye, its
c- dawning is already begno-when the
as conduct of the Confederate *tates,
nd in their amazing contest' for right,
tIproperty and an independent nation
ot 1 existence,. will be justified, hpnor
he ed and admired by all who possess
to die knowled'ge to'discein, the ho eaty
8; to appreciate, and. thre candor to con
'e' foss. The wealth of high resolves,
le, fearless purposes, strenuous eoiltions
ad and generous sacrifices; the satisfao
unt tion born of a consiiiuseness of duty
rm discharged, manhood vindicated and
e country :defended, while .hopei and
Ii ability remained; an,.bidingtcoon
ed dence in the rectitude of ogr lofty
Id enterpri se; the recorid of 'brave deeds
For -the recollections of a hdrolc)past,
and the. rich logacy bequeathed by
ed .the valeor ad devotion of sops, broth
era, fathere-all thiese and more are
' ours, 'and' neither tue lapse of years
Ald noir' time mutationg 'of 'fortune can
ma wrest them from us. .
No Bloody Shirt.
(New York Hehald.l 1*
So.Ai to that wing of the Republicans
Swho call themselves "staliwarts," they
will have to put up with a disappoint
ment. The President is not going to
S"hoist thre blbody 1irrl" rt ' n the
-contrary, he is-doing that whioh we
approehend will contribute in.avery
Simportant degree to put a quietusn ap
Sn the Soutliern question. Itis to be
regretted timt so many nmeie'parti
eans among- the Republiaoal leaders .,
° accept this result..with ,suchavident
Sregret. The disposition o(.a par
which h's long eild power tlbsonas
Salive old and worn out (ones is
Srather than iatih-on toelesi, inju
Snatural,.bst it ;is,. np'and w, hope
rioato to.the counim enough amonr
there will be.ifeadete het After to
S,'thbiRepiibl o induce- them to drop
1 see this. sod. distuibing isue6s, aml
Sthe .aleir party,. on fresh nose, o0l
Spoch they mnay .justly appeal to the
g autry for scpPidt.
In the fifty-ninth number ,pf the
Eederalist is the following: t."Sap
"pose an article had been -otroducedl
"(into the Cotistitution empbdering
""the United States to tegnlate thu
t "elections for .the. particalari mates,
t *qpgilld pay mat, lhave besikpyl t-'
"condemn it bot)i as an unwarranta
I, "bii i thuslibrtafloU of poweriiaid a
I "a premeditated engine -fur:theides
- "tructida-ftttroEState Government it'
g-. Those:old fashiooned notion9De. hV born
k rule of the Fathers have givep place
it to inodern Republicatlisami;, fi ret
it lieson jcentralizedpower, satW)asb
D iogIen to control State elqcti rAutl
a'S with the growth of that seq ina t o0
to modern Retpinblicauism ' dob' Re
is publicitselFet-fortber and forther
Be from the rqloqfi the people, and near
er and nearer to the rule of the onc
en mal power. -It is aboat titno to call
re a-halt. q
'n The woman who reuses anfter of
)d marriage should do it by' pceittR earil.
at. By this means she can seeasuWeral
on hours to say her prayers gtg. bi '
ess ingrmnrderfed-4PelphMis h CLretea
ig. iclb Herald.... 'I
red ,
fI Texan mustange
i per h