OFFICIAL,
hilantllol'nl Cil klfToh
9A.TUDAY. -00W7 m 1M.
'rmqY~ r'a· ,,,,
Deimcrati1 Ticket
10 hWAto&IAL DELBGAT$.
M. J. CUNNINGHAM. ,
OtNatehttouehl.
ERB. STILLE.
Of lsbine.
3 WAIStI DELE~ ATES TIo CON
lIUSTIONAL CONRTION. (
WM. A. PONDER.
JOSEPH HENRY.
No Uspuialem.
It Is the settled purpnee of the tax
payer to adjust the State debt. Of
this there be e deebt whatever,
sad they esant, will net be shaken
Am that purpose.
The Bead-bolder seems equally de
tSerned not to yield a point in his
diesade for the pound of deeb, blood
ad all.
The people have never yet con
sidered nor advocated repudiation as
chabrged asinet them. The ravings
of mine few demagogues to that em
bas been taken for their utterances,
bet, no honorable nor hoaest eitisen
a over entertained sueh a fatal, di-.
S MIde. We know that a large
,.joa of the debt is frauduleant
hew meeh can only be determined,
it will, by Investigation, and w n
ifted, that portion whchb is deels
disbonest, will be struck out and the
people will never pay it. Bua the
portion which we and they know is
legal, jus, and ncurred for beonest
purposee, they will pay to the extent
of their ability, and to the last far
tlh, This is the people's ultima"
teo..
What does the Bondholder propose.
If w ea jude from what they say,
1is to redueo the interent on the
elib dli to 4 per cnt, amd to rinst
epe andu malew i eoltifes of the
t su bifur d Mr.
Anad the ail thise aunelal relief
What we wat Is rednuetie of ta.
ain csmmssuate with the vast
dstsdelati n the vple of oar pro.
pty, ~d with the poverty of our
pespl. We d sear we a snapof
the Oag whether the Intemest is
pe e 0 per east it the tf is
eMr Our truggle is to re.
dieslb - th at we ean pay it with
eas impeoveling onselves, and we
emeuler the popolition d the Bond"
helder to he as iasl to ar lntelll.
We as prepared, however, tore.
mit the "debt queenso" to the Con
alibtieat Ceoaeise, knowing the
iIeII will favor sad set upoa oar
10 thiaesttor 1879.
We beg to as e our Miads tbat
e Tlsuer ozs will be supeler, if
thas iSpsriblU In the hare, to what
Iltanb e a the past. Teday,it
espism rk messed to no eonstry
punk l the State, and in fet, the
tl Seath. We y thibi with
psilbsseuis ear people have oeo
iblehd to Mahe the Vnatoroa th
nueIs it I, and we rely with eon.
mee their ehees aid support
Whlat w knew to be right will
uwlesaty delbed; what we be
ilove te wen, we shall mdeas
hl enul vig.. This wa pnr es
pai uasl d esoo what we will do
a Mte n ea en
Up .e mrs eee, ope heto6
mate he Vu~oaioa IM paper of
liw, w setl nats Tas dey, 18 ak1
Ieatt Jran darmed s that the
Bisprstn werestmid fe sanagusesl
idt ha e ile laws wMuld be
repuleleno Ismoy woul d behep.
knm i se iiahnga bi aheal
$ It will
IkrlIA4 ee t pe
-I l:
idse t ej
i ~z *~
THE OtATIOx.,
daew OaRLsAs has been from time
immemorial famed for her patriotism,
- and ready honor to worth, justice
s and truth, but we think she excelled
r herself on Saturday last, when "our
prisoners" took pnasage on the BArT
). An.u for their homes after their vie
J tory over Radicalism.
On Friday afternoon as soon as the
Jory had pronounced the verdict of
NOT GUILTY ! Capt. Sambols with
a detachment of the Orleans Artille
ry, whieh regiment is commanded by
our gallant friend Col. Bachemin,
dashed upon the Levee and fired d
salute of fifty guns.
Half an boor later . ol. Owen, com
manding the Washington Artillery,
received the following communica
tion:
New Orleanse, March 7, 1879.
Col. W. M. Owoen, Comd'g Washing
ton Artillery:
Dear Col.-The acquittal to-day, of
the forty-eight citizens of Natchio
ches pariah, prosecuted belore the
Federal Court of this city under the
Federal election law, is an event
worthy of an appropriate celebration,
and we respectfully request that your
command will honor the occasion by
Sfirlg one hundred guns.
°Yours truly,
Levy Templeman, of Caddo,
H. J. Hearsey,
Gen. W. Dopre,
John Augustin,
: John McEnery,
T. H. Kennedy,
M. Voorhies,
Montfort Jones,
S R. C. CuConningham, of Bossier.
To whieh the following answer was
promptly made:
Gov. John MeEnery and others:
The guns will be fired at 5 e'eloek
p. m., in Lafayette Square.
, Yours truly, W. M. OWEN.
At the appointed hour Capt. Eou
gene May, of Battery A. with two
detaehmente of his company, carried
out the orders of his colonel at the
square, where thousands of enthusi
Sastic and cheering citizens assem
s bled to witness the celebration.
In the meantime the news of the
it acquittal spread like wildfire through
out the whole city, and it seemed
that the entire population was vom
Ited from home and business upon
the streets. Cheers rest the air,
' hands were grasped, and joy beamed
from every face.
On Saturday, the enthusiasm had
not abated; on the contrary, it had
latended. At four o'eleek the Bat
taolle of Orleans Artillery, under
eemmand of Col. Baen.min, with
beads playing and colors yling,
marebed to the City Hotel to escort
r our people to the Banr AM.n.
The Orleans Artillery formed ina
roeat, nat cam the prisoners and
witnesses, followed by Lt. Governor
Wilts, Treasurer Burkel, Secretary of
State, Stroeg, the stal of thebo New
Orleus Demorat, and larse con
course of poblie men and eitieons,
while Canal street from Baroane to
tbhe Leveone, was lined with tbhousands
1of people. The line of maureb, from
tohe City Hotel down Camp to Canal,
up Canal to Baroone, aeroes and
down Canal to the Levee, was one
mss of entheasntie and cebserlng peo.
pi. On te Levee we were wCelomued
by the boeling of esnan, and Capt.
Dick Sinnett, on of the nobiest and
beat of men, bhad the Queen of pck
etat, thim loved Bart Able, decked with
streame tend Sag, while from her
roof the Acandemy of Musl's Bud,
greeted us with a baset of seueb a m.
ele as made all wild with eathnse
asa.
tin bhoard, th crowd was so dense I
as toe nder movement almost il.
posble. Gen. Fred 08do, our lbv.
ed bher of te 14th September, was i
ealled apon and delivered a speech
whieh went to t hearts of all. He
was followed by Col. . H. Jack, i
en el bih tlling uddreee.
Prem Canal to Carrltoa, the Cityn
beret was IInd with Alty theuand
eltale, and when the Barrt Able
bhked aot sad duame eteming by the
Lenvee, every t s, srry boat adn
eamear, aluted with bell and whis.
a, while the river front for the nine
mleN to Carrolleo, reesnded with
the eeemr of tuee people, and happy
orwen. wonre waved from thousands
fheand. At Grrolton the Bart Ie
Able diebarged her carp of escorte.
lg friends, and how aso many pe,
pIe eold bave benos erammed into
and upoa one stmboat is a we.
der. Hera we reeived our last farh
well frm eour New Orleas friends
u-d the straim t rnasie ad boom.
lug eueo waftd to e far ot sad
up the Mnuaseippir, toadm that theyl ~
stillaeored to slow. thir joy at our
And ew, what shall we, eeoftbo
quituted pelitlal primmer, ay to
theas gallant men ad noble women
Sreturn for theiblr kMdnes la our J
need and their evades la our tri. I
i_-p. Wudst ar to poor to es.
pmt e dup Uatude, th high
hsetwet nl. ee mr emherl will
ohele shed thmee .et them ys, I
peiteay shell l. umobllraed, I
- uses hold ne. To Cole- A
, t mhael ad Owus, and Uth
mnllet aca dsb QluansessL dash
,se .e g . to eir
· ldf l
her deep felt gratitndle. Tihe ovation
with which we were grl'eted in New
Orleans was kept up all along our
route. At iIBayou S;ra, Newr Texas,
d Alexandria. Montlgonmery, and ail
d points along the river, Louisiamna's
°r men and womsen met us with hearty
tT welcome. The Bart Able's officers,
" from Capt. Dick to time barber, con
tributed to our wellfare and pleasure,
e and the "prisoners" and their friends
of will never forget the Queen of pack
Lb eta nor her officers. With the im
mense crowd on board in New Or.
' I leans, and the packed cabin going and
, coming, not an accident occurred to
iman or boat, up or down Capt.
Dick Sinnott sustained in this, his
' justly earned reputation as the Lord
P, of steamboatsmen, while, no matter
the jam or the crowd, the business of
the boat under Capt. G. C. Hamilton's
superior management, went on as
. smoothly as clock work. Natchito
ches can and will offer at least some
f recompense to the Bart Able, al
though we can never repay their
e kindness.
t The noble New Orleans DEMOCRAT,
a, has this to say of the events of Fri.
r day :
THE TRIUMPH OF RIGHT.
" The Natehttehes Prbisen to be Es
sorted to their Homeward Beund
Steamer.
Yesterday afternoon, as asoon as the
verdict of acquittal was made known
r. in the United States Court room, a
i messenger, who was in attendance in
anticipation of the event, had in a
few minutes communicafed the fact
to Capt. Anthony Sambola, coma
lk manding the Fifth Company Orleans
Artillery, as the arsenal on St. Peter
street. With the rapidity of light
ning, and before the court-room was
yet cleared, Capt. Sambola, with one
0a ln and a detachment of artillerists,
d was on the levee at the head of Canal
ie street firing a salute of fifty guns in
honor of the event, befittingly com
mouniesting the cheerful news to the
entire population.
1e Another Failure.
m- Crmpti"m Sinks its Head sal the
d latehlthes Prusoers are Ac.
a qutted. .
r, --
d It was a little after noon yesterday
when it was whispered about that the
d jury in the Natchitoehes bullbesing
ease had agreed, and would soon be
down with their verdict. Naturally
t- the accused were on the gal via as
'r to the result, and by 12:90 the court
b room was rowdd with the friends of
h the accused.
rI At 12:45 o'clock the deputy mar.
Ir shale announced the arrival of the
jaur, and the twelve victim of a lonug
Iuarceration marched into court.
Mr. Weamlfey, the clerk, sked them
I if they bad agreed apon a verdict,
r and the foremas, Mr. Wn. Arms,
, headed the indictment to him. Mr.
SWoolledy repeated the question:
"Geantlemen, have yaou agreed pn a
verdict?' The foreman responded,
S"We have." "What is your verdict f"
said Mr. Woem,1y. Mr. Arms re.
I proded,. "Not guity, as to all."
There was a wave of murmur passing
ihrnugh the court-gnmeo, but uot the
, dilghtest deaonstration was made.
I Even Old Lead Pencil seemed to bhave
iast bis grip, and failed to call out,
'Gentlemend , this talking mst cease."
Mr. Beckwith then asked the court
I that ualess there be some eother
Seharges agaliast the sccosed, they be
dicharged from their bonds and S.* .
tody.
Jadge Woads raoted the order, i
Sand ia a body the Natebhiteehe prins
onaer left the court. Hardly bhad
they reached the street baere the
bonning of eanona greeted them on
tlheir release. Capt. A. SamLoa, of
Col. Bahebemin's regiment of Orleans 1
Artillery, was at hand, and gave ifty
guns in honor of the victory of right
over eentralism. At 5 o'clock a se. I
tion of the Wahington Artillery
fireld nther slute, at Lafayette
Sgquare, in boner of the event, ad
the "boys of Natebitches" were
greted on all sidet by the congratu
l antion of their friends.
SThis evening there will be a adi
ailitary parade to escort the prio. I
ners down to the steamer Bart Able. 1
t•he latehtasbes Prishmers,
Crrr Hoter., New Orleas,
The ndersigned, on behalf on the
Natehbltoesn prisoner, herby tea I
der their very sineere thanks to Gen. ,
Fred. N. Ogdlen, Lient. G ., Wilts. I
Hen. E. A. Burke, Hon. Allea Jumel,
Hoe. Will. A. Strong, sad the pariot,
le eitiseans glenerally of the city ofI
New Orleaes, for their geerous aid I
and sympathy aso freely given u de
rindg thel aryln deal through which
weu t passed; and we ala take I
great pleasure in acknowledginlg our
lastiag eblitius to th propretor
of the City Hotel for their delfcreed.
lIlg eAforts to make oar star pleas.
ant and esftetablo while here.
M. J.Cneaingham, Ovrate Breassle,
Theodore Haller Johm A. Barlow,
James T. 8prowl, Seymor Cortis,
David Plesn, WmI. M. Levy,
Josse T. Klmg, Marshal H. Carver I
Thomas Planes, Allena Wheeler,
N. H. Campbell, J. M, B. Tker, Ir
ames , Hi, o, e. Gllespie, i
eelsi A, DBlIor W,. . Russdl, Il
Prash u ggle, Matlew Hart i
SeU a ne, W.. M.Trgmue,/ t
Js. . aeo, Charle P1ays I
J. B: 8teplh s~ dCharles Ivy, I
Jam. . C8ngres, Juae Geane, P
WI. H, Jaek, JhnBa rtmu, I
se. M. HIa, tCharls Petr, tI
Joeh&L. Titk Jame W, Little, I
d, Ckv o, . Jlhms G ,nes,
s; 14 A. Predhemmse, '
( C~ rie d Hamlle, i,
a..Td 0, .. 1k m , !
i Press Comments e the Verdlet.
Not (uilty.
N' O. Demnocraºt.
"The barbarisma beilongs to th.l govern
m ent, and the civilization belongs to
tihe people. Then I say that this inconm
roUsstamte of things canmnot continume; and
if we do not determine it with wisdom,
I- ere long we. shall ftid it ended with vio
lence.' The same author fromn whom
e, we quot e preceeding, says: T'he
Swhole of history ,shows that all great rev
. olltions have been produced by a dispro
portion between society and its institu
D' tions." If the illnstrious Englishmant
r- from whom flowed these utterances lived
id in our day. and had been discussing the
prosecution of the people of Natchitoches
to just concluded in the United State Court,
t. the inlamous laws on which they were
tried, and the brutal and malevolent
spirit which inspired it, he could not have
rd used more appropriate and graphic lan
Sguage. "The barbarism" of the prosecu
tions belongs to the Feaeral Government.
of But the civilization which rendered it im
I's possible for a partisan court, organized to
convict, and a vindictive prosecuting at.
torney, determined on humiliating, dis
)- gracing and ruinung his neigbors, to
send to the Penitentiary the leading cit
izens of a whole parish for the crime of
* hbeing Democrats, belongs to the people
it from the body of whom could not be
drawn a jury that would consummnnate
the infamous purpose of the government.
T, In the prosecution of the forty-nine
citizens of Natchitoches, in violation of
law and decency, the government has
been involved in an outlay of about one
hundred thousand dollars. But this is
a small item. The prosecutions have
cost the people of that parish more than
one hundred thousand dollars besides.
B* During the last two months plantations
and farms have been abandoned by their
owners, to obey the writs of the United
States marshals, and the laborers, with.
out a director, or without contracts, have
sought other fields of lalbor. "There
e will be no crops made in Natchitoches
,n this year," said Blunt three weeks ago in
the Custom-House, gloating over the
a damnable raid the United States Mar
shal, with his writs from the United
a States courts, had made upon one of the
et fairest sections of this State. More than
ia a hundred of the best citizens of that
is section were here, absent from their
rt homes. under arrest, while Mr. Leonard,
t. the law officer of the government, "God
save the mark !" and other Federal of
ficials were drilling ignorant or bribed
Is witnesses, and bringing the trickery of
e iufamous laws to convict them by a
di stocked jury and send toem to the Peni
in tentiare for having beaten Man Wells for
- Congress and elected gentlemen and Dem.
e I erats to the Legislature of Louisiana.
"There will be no crops made in Natchi
toches this year," smilingly observed
Blunt. And why did Blunt say this?
Because the citizens of Natchitoches, in
SI -tead of taking him, after his ten years
of incendiary teaching, and hanging hint
to the first tree they camne to. permitted
him, in their humanity and conservatism.
to live and becene the tool of a damnable
conspiracy, concocted in Washington and
entrnusted to the Federal court here, to in
y timidate the white people of North Lou
1 isians and disorganize and destroy the
Democratic party of the nt ,te. This, in
g the language of Chatham, was the bar.
barism of the government. But the
y partisan court, the stocked grand jury,
II the furious and determined prosecuting
I ofieer, the armnny of Federal marshals,
f the vilhanous and Illegal lag's, the whole
moral ininence of the Federal adlminis
r. tration and of the Republican leaders of
e the country combined, tailed to influence
aJurv of twelve honest men to do their
S dirty work and the verdict of "not guilty,"
pronounced by the foreman of that jury
r yesterday morning, indicated the civili.
Ssation of the I eople, and while freeing
I from arrest the citize,,s of Louisiana
wrote over the nnamIes and records of all
:the men engaged In this buisneuss, from
Sthe highb st to the lowest, "IN AMOU`S'."
"Ald now. is it not time for the people
Sof this state to coseidlr the gravity of
such proceaeding. on the part of the Fed
Seral governmet as those which, thou gh
- this tinme brought to nought have nearly
I ruined two or three parishes of this State
e and filled them with consternation amd
Shitternest By the se eandalons proseen.
Stions the government has squandered
nearly one hundred thousand dollars of
the people's money; it has robbed men
unable to kear the loss, of as much more.
In their eagerness to prosecute, the
rgrnld jury indicted a man long since
B dead. The melevolence of the hbounds
Sengaged in the Republican conspiracy to
break up the Democratic party in Lou
lianas puarsued their victims into the
gnrave itself. In three parishes of Louis
fans mothers, wives and daughters have
lived for six wear weeks la suspense
and agony. The telegraphic wires from
New Orleass to Nathitoches have been
Sloaded with messages of tearful soliei
I tude, expressing in brief but graphie
words the love of hearts wrong with
fear and agony. What language can
deserlbe the scenes in these remote parish
es of our State when husbands, sons and
brothers were summoned from their
homes to be tied by a partisan court for
defending their families from outrage
aId their property from destruction f
Wives daclung around the necks of their
husbands ino terror; sisters wept and
I mothers trembled and bowed their faces
in their hands. And through all these
long weeks these women, sitting by their I
desolato hearths, bhave wept and hoped I
and Ionged for the end, while the eleek, I
wellfeul, round bellied ofeials of the gov
eroment drank and laughed and eat as 1
they drilled the Ignorant negroes and de
based white traitors in the perjuries they
were to commit for the purpose of send
ing these eitienas of Natehitoohes to the
Peniteontiary for being Democrats.
But now the end has some and there 1
Sare glad hearts around the hearthe of I
Natehitoehmes to night, and tender and
loving hearts are prepariong the glad
weleeme for the mtng who have been
perseuted by a 'free government" for
deloatheir duty. Through the Red Riv.
er vallby, and through this whole 8tate,
nay, through this whole broad republic, I
wherever there are men who love Jnstiee, I
and eorsge, sand elviliuatiou, and Clhrist- I
lanity, and hate wrong, and cowardice, I
and tyrany there is rejoicing. And
cowering before Ibthe honest verdict of
twelve citizens of Louisiana, cringes and,
Sreaoches, like whipped curs or convieted
felons, stands the Federal administra
tie and its tools ina Losiana, "Inframo
i nse written in letters of living Qre upon
the brow of each and every one of the <
eulprits who have outraged justlee and I
disgraced their conntry.
Thekh)tlal Trial.
N. O. Pieayun.
The verdlet in the case of the pris- t
oners on trial before thie United States II
Ciseit Court was given yesterday. s
Itw a verdict of acquittal. This
rear will be bailed with peculiar a
attieon by the people of limis. I
iaa, and, indeed, of all the Soutbern j
8tates. It will be gratifying, uas well, .
to firtlmided men io ll paste of the I
eonutry. It i nost slone sbeuse the ;
persan who have been sujeeted to C
pressetio are freed from the dan-. t
gkr wlelh threatened them, that I
tadlt ceinttal will be a enee of ecn. u
grutnladn i. this coemmunity. This I
siallsh, bet it is by no means all. e
Whet is even of greater importance
liatil eue reslt may obe tnaken as r
theleeH dngdown of the system of '
praseunlim for politiecl purposes f
whle Lch sisa been .-dertake, by II
l, l Admlek tle. aiiLhe hk L
stance ot the leaders of the Republis
cit! party. The testimony in tlhe
cases that haves just come to an end
constituted, probably, as strong a
case for the Government as cio wie
made in any other cases. There ,will
Ie no better chance for success in
'O others than there has been in these.
d N.'thing, we presume, that the prose
cuting officers could do to assure a
conviction was left undone. As far
u as zeal and apparent sincerity go,
e they served their employers faithful
- fully and well. They had all the ad
vantages too, that the test-oath law
could give. They cannot plead that
i the prisoners escaped because they
were tried before "rebel" jurors.
s They can do nothing but admit that
t, their case broke down through its in
re herent weakness. If they were en
it tirely candid they would admit, also,
'e that a jury of impartial citizens,
1 whether test-oath takers or not, will
Snever sympathize with prosecutions
,. which appear to be instigated by po
o litical motives. This is an important
t. point. It is a point which, by this
- time, must have made itself plain to
Stile Government and the officers of
- of the Government. Hence the con
f cusion seems to be reasonable that
le here the system of political prosecui.
tions will be arrested. The expetli
i ment has been made. It has been
e made under conditions more than
if usually favoi able to the Government,
s and it has failed. To repeat the ex
e periment would look like vindictive
h ness and persecution.
e Even with a political purpose in
n view, it would be desirable for the
h Government to avert this suspicion.
r As the political purpose, which is the
I real purpose, cannot be accolmplishel,
i* there can be no object in going on
e with the prosecuntions.
l As to the manner in which the
s trials were conducted the prisoners
s can have no cause of complaint. The
. result shows that the jury was
d selected with all the fairness possible
e within the limits of the law. The
i presiding Judge, in his charge, desig
it nated sevelsl of the prisoners for
it whom he bespoke a verdict of acquit
i, tal. As to the rest the result was
left entirely to the jury to decide
upon the value and the force of the
ºf testimony which had been given.
a While these case. were in progress
i. the Picayune studiously refrained
ir from commenting on them. We have
t- expressed our opinion of the motives
* by which we believed the prosecou
ftions to have been instigated, of thie
evil effects of the test oath law, and
.f tihe despotic and unncnetitutioieil
elch lracer of the legislationl whicl
n asdte the prosecution possihle. These
d opinions remain unchanged. Withint
a. a very few weeks they will be vin
e dicated by the obliteration from the
d Federal statute book of the whlole
s3 steim of legislation col;structed by
the Republican party for the purpose
of enabling one part of tihe rpeople to
domiineer over another part, to sup
pess tihe constitutional righlts of the
States, and to worry whole comn:li
Sonities to the point of exasperatioi, by
' wholesale prosecutions for imaginary
s offenses.
f The Verdict.
S N. O. Times.
The backbone of the political pro
r secutions has been broken. The ver
diet which was yesterday rendeted inl
1 the Natchitoches ease, and which sent
forty-eight of the beat and nimst
plomlnelilt eitisens of thle State back
to thetr lhomes, may be accepted as
the result which will be reached in
imnst, if not all, of the political c'lses
now pending. If ailny convictions at
all are seemed, of which there is ,nuly
a bare p(onsibility, they will be in
that class where ofticers of election
are charged with interfering with
United Statlees deputy marsihai. Tlleme
may have Iweni instanees where elec
tisn officel , excited by tile isolence
and overbearing manner of these
federal officials stepped beyond the
limits of their autlhority. In all of
tieose eases, however, were it is
chargea tlhat there was a eonspiracy
or a settled purpose to prevest the
Republicans floml voting or support
ing any particular candtlidate, there is
no posstible chance of a conviction.
Of this class of cases, that in which
I thie accused patties were yesterday so
triumlnphantly acquitted was by farb tile
strongest, It was perhaps chosen to
be tried first because tihe g.verment
eonsidered that if a conviction could
be obtained in any of these cases it
eould be secured in that. The gov.
ernment failed in making out a case,
and failed so conspiceously that there
is mm longer aly ground for thie North
ern Radical press, and the stalwarts in
congress, to charge that Ropuablicans,
in Louiiana, both white and black
are not allowed a free expression of
their will at the ballot bo. It can
not be said that there was not a tfull
and fair trial, or that the jury was
biased in their feelings. The jury
was selected with the greatest care,
and eaeh juror could, and did take
the test oath. There is no question
but that the jury was satisfactory to
both sides, since neither thie govern
ment nor the defendants exhausted
all of their challanges. If there was
any leaning an the rulings of the
court it was towards the prosecution
Thie witnesse for the government
were as clear headed and as intelli,
gent men as there are in thie Repub
lica party, and were fully capable
of telling all they knew. Notwith
standing all of tlhese favorable edr.
counmetaeea the jury foand a verdict
of acquittal. The tact is, tihe gov
eminent hiad no ease. Thie disturb
sace that took place in the town of
Natehliteches on the twenty-lirst dep
tember last was not thie result of a
conspiracy to prevent Republicans
from supporting and voting for wionl
they pleased oir ofilee. If tile jury
had heard only tile witnesses for tihe
government and acsceipted their inter.
pretation oif tie mnaniing of celrtain
events wlhich ocurred in tile parish
of Natchiteches tihey nighlt have found
a different verlict. A soearchIing
eross examination, however, together
with tlhd clear and straighltfrward
testimony of the defense, showed be,
yond questioa thie tree explanation
of the distlObaenes upon whiechl tile
prosecution was based. That ex
planation entirely disposed of the
charge of eoaslirsey. It did more
than that. It showed that time troo
biles . In Natehirtche psrish were
partly, ifnot wholly, broaught sabout
by the arroeganl e and overhearing
conduct of tihe Republien lealders.
The colclusion which has been
reached in this case will be hailed
with satlfaeriiom not only by the
friends of th6 accused parties but
troughlout tie Statle. These politi -
cal praesseatioms are regarded, sad
with good reason, as a scheme on tihe
part of the Republican party to se
cure the State at the next presiden
tial election. The verdist of yester
day stamps the scileIme as a failure.
When these political tria!s are over
the last struggle of Radicalilsm for
supremacy in this Stalte will have
been witnessed.
Record of The Court.
TIIE END).
Judge Woods then entered up the
following judgment:
United States vs. M..1. Ctmnting,
ham, Theodore Haller. David Pier
son, James T. King, Thlomas I'lanner,
N. II. Campbell, Jaemer II. Hill, 1.
A Deblieux, Franlk hitggio, Sammlihal
Ilynes, Joselph P.. J-iiSoll, Joselph
If. Sephens, Janes II. Cosgrove, Wiim.
II. Jack, Samuel Al. INvaslls, John
M. Tucker, Landry Ch(atheville, W.
Beresford Carr, Stlephe' n W. Kile,
John C. Trrichel. T. I's ,dh,mmei', F.
Nunia Tauzin. George Kile, Johne A.
Barlow, Janmes T. Si-oewl, Wm. M.
Levy, Marshal II. Carver, Allen
Wheeler, Jamesi M. Il. Tucker, Gen.
E. Gillespie, W. Evarmiste linnsseli,
Mathew IHertzog, Wn. M. 'l'rammell,
Charles Paynie, ('h atles I.evy, Jatnes
Genius, John LH11rt man, Charles Por
ter, Jamnes W. Little, .Joh Gence.
J. A. Prldh mme, Charles li;umlin,
Overton Brenzeale, Emile Clolutier,
David Blacksher, Charles J. Smith,
Seymour Curtis, and Joseph Charle
ville.
And now this day in open court
came the said jury empannelled in
this cause, and having by the order of
the court being dilly called, each
and sill of the following named juro's
did then and tliere severally answer
and respond to his name as the same
was severally called : William Arms,
\'ln. II. Seymour, Max Braun, John
W. Madden, Charles A. Triel. Thos.
E. Suter. Jos. D. Buckley, A. Skill
man, Branch M. King, E. S. Ilerman,
Allbin Eustis, A. Vredenne, and so
being present in open court, and the
said accused, the said defendants on
trial, MI. J. Cunningham and fotty.
seven others, also being severally
present in court, as well as J. R.
Beckwith and J. C. Egan their sev.
eral counsel ; and Albert H. Leonard,
attorney of the United States, also
then and there, in open court, through
their foreman, Win. Arms, render
and deliver the following verdict:
"We the said jury, find the said
defendants not guilty in manner and
form as charged in the said indict.
tetent."
And the said Jury having so found
rendered and declared their said ver
dict as aforetsid, on motion in that
behalf of the said attorney of the
United States. it was ordered by the
court that said jury be polled ; and,
on being in dliue foim of hew several.
ly called iupon and inteerogated, each
of said jurors for hime*lf in opemn
court, then anid there did declare the
verdict to be his tr|ue verdict in the
plemises ; and thereunpu the coni t,
ceonsideling the said verdict of the
jury, and all and singular tihe prem
'sea being seen and fully understodI
by the court, now here, it is con
ide.-red and adjudged by the said
Ceurt, that the nitl defendants he
severrily discharged of tlihe plenlises,
and dIo depart herein without day in
this behalf.
The Court Oflier of Judge Woods'
Court, is a puppy of the fliBrst nmagnituiie.
The "boys" dublbed himn Tite Barnacle,
from his eringing sulservienuey to the
Judge, and his cowardly billying of the
prisoners. On Saturday last, Mr. New
tot Bilanichard, one of the Cadde priso
ners, slapped Tite Barnacles' face, and
that just paucishment was hailed with
enthusiasm by all the "boys."
The Democracy of New Orleans is now
nnited, and the Conservative element
and Radicals can chew thle bitter reflec
tion of, how it might have been, had the
Natchitoehes and Caddo Bulldozers beenI
convicbl. Trot out Clem Walker, the
diaappointel aspirant for City Attorney.
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS,
SHERIFF'S SALE,
Mrs. Clothilde Janin, vs. W. M. Levy,
et. ale.
District Court, Parish of Natchitoches.
No. 8262.
B Y Virtue of a writ of seisure and sale
issued in the above entitled and
numbered snit and to me directed, I have
seized and will offer for sale to the lastand
highest bidder at the door of the Court
House, in the city and parish of Natchi
toehes, on
Saturday, the 19th day of April, 1879,
at 12 M., the following described proper
ty to.wit:
The plantation known as the "Lae des
Mures" plantation, on both sides of Red
river in the parish of Natchitoches, and
composed of the following pieces of land,
to wit:
1st. Section 40, township 11, range 9,
containing 326 50-100 acres. Section 25,
township 11, range 9, containing 42
40-100 acres. Section 253 township 11,
range 8, containing 207 acres, making
altogether 575 90-100 acres, on both side
of Red river, confirmed to Francois Do.
lin, by certificate B. \o. 166,9.
2nd. Another parcel of land, being
Section 41, township 11, range 9, con
taining 203 16-100 acres. Section 2(E,
township 11, range 8, containing 20.i
16-100 acres, making together 406 32-100
acres, on both sides of Red river, con.
firmed to Michel Chignom, B. No. 727.
3d. Another parcel of land being part
of 8, etion 42, township 11, range 9, con
tinuing about 35 56-100 acres on the
right bank of Red river descending, con.
finned to Joseph Jean Rie, by certificate
B. No. 1728.
4th. Another parcel of land, section
39, township 11, range 9, being the
northern part of the double concession of
D. R. Hopkins' certificate, containing
371 60-100 acres.
5th. Another tract of land, being the
northeast part of section 24, township 11,
range 9. containing 300 acres; the above
being the land originally owned by
Henry M. Hyamns, acquired from the Mle
chanies' and Traders Bank, on the 6th
day of September, 1850.
6th. Another tract of land acquired
from the United States, being the south
east quarter of section 33, township 11,
range 9, by certificate 1191, containing
164 54-100 acree, the south half of section
18, township 11, range 8, certificate 1790
and 8280, containing 291 20.100 acres. Pt
section 19, township 11, range 8, west,
certificate 8279, containing 26 01.100
acres, making together 481 10.1ji0 acres.
7th. Another tract of land acquired
from the state of Louisiana, being the
south east fractional portion of section
27. township 11, range 9, containing 33
95 100 acres; portions of lots Nos. 1, 2,
6 and 9, and the whole of lots 3, 4 and
5 of section 34, township II, range 9,
contaIning 961 29-100 acres, the two
last mentioned portions, making togeth. I
er 293J 24.100. The whole of said tracts
or parcels of land, making together 24U
:I-I(H) acres ; 12:13 82-100 more of less of
wlhih lying and Ieing on the north side
of said riv.er, and 1233: 56.1(0) acres more
"r less, lying and being on the south side
of said rive\r, flil'rilg one body of landt
which constitutes the Lae des lues
pIlanltation, together with all the build.
igs aLnd illprovmlctts and and aeliora.
tiot:s the'eoui, or thereto belonging.
Terms of Sale :
Cash-subject to appraisement.
L. A. DEBLIEUX,
March 1,3-tds. Sheriff.
Sheriff's Sale.
I State of Louisiana vs. Moses Brock, et. l.
I District Court, Parish of Natchitoehea
No. 1210.
SDBY virtue of a writ of Fi. Fa. issuedia
Sthe above entitled and numbered
suit and to me directed, I have seized
a:.nd will oiler for sale to the last and
highest bidder at the door of the Court
JHouse in the city and parish of Natchito.
Ches, Oil
Saturd y, the 19th day of April, 1879,
at 12 M., the following described property
Sto-wit :
SA certainl tr;ct or ,arcel of land situs.
" ted in the parish of' Natchitoches, State
olof Louisiana, anld being all of that peor.
tin oi , time south west quarter of section
7, twlhslhip 10, range i, lying south of
',Vyou liourilelx, and containig one
hlund'red ( i0) Iares, wore or less, togeth.
er with all the buildings and improve.
llents I hereon.
Also (23) twenty-five acres of land ly.
iil:g on the north side of bayou Bourbeur,
and being land purchased by Moses Brock
froml John Syllaster, together with all
the buildiungs and improvements thereon.
Terms of Sale :
Cash, subject to appraisement.
L. A. DEBLIEUX,
March 15. Sheriff.
SherflPf's Sale,
R. T. Buckner & Bro., in Liq., vs. ,M.
Perot, Tutor.
District Court, Parish of Natchitocha,
No. 82.57.
BY virtue of a writ of seizure and sale
issued in the above entitled and num.
bered suit amnd to me directed, I have
seized and will offer for sale at the door
of the Court House in the city and par.
ish of Natchitoches, on
Saturday, March 15th, 1879,
the following described property, to-wit
A certain tract or parcel of land belong.
ing to the Succession of Clara DeRussy,
deceased, knowin as the Clara DeRnmy
plantation, situated on Old river, in said
parish, containing in the aggregate es
huidthred and sixty acres, more or less
,bounded as follows : on the east by land4
Ibelonging to the heirs of Hyler Bordeloa,
westt by lands belonging to Julia De
Rnuswv, north by lands belouging toMrl
E. B. Flemminlg, and south by Old rive.
Terms of Sale.
o Cash, subject to appraisement,
L. A. DEBLIEUX,
Feb. 8. Sheriff.
Sherlff's Sale.
R, T. Buckner & Bro., in Liq., vs. M.
Perot, Tutor.
District Court, Parish of Natchitobhes.
No. 8256.
IY virtue of a writ of seizure sad sale
I) issued in the above entitled and nun
bered suit, and to me directed, I have
seized and will offerr sar le at the door
of the Court House in the city and par.
ish of Nuatchiteches, on
Saturday, Marck 15tk, 1879,
the following described property to-wit .
A certain trac t of land situated in the
parish of Natchitoches, containing two
tlundred and seventy five acres, moere
Iess, boundedl as follows: on the northby
lands of Orange Batbett, anrd others, m
the east by lands of Adolphe Prudhomms
andl others, on the south by lands of t*he
same, and oni the west by Red river and
the Town of Campte. Also another
tract of land cottainiag 86 60.100 acres,
beiig time east balf of south west frna
tional quarter of north west fratiotlou ·
quarter of section 36 township 11, north,
No. 7, west, being the same tract asquir
edl by L. O. DeRuesy from the United
States Government. Themse two taerts
aggregating 360 acree, more or less.
Also lot No. 3, of section 29, township
11, range 7, containing 77 30.100 aere,'
excepting a piece of ground embasel .s
therein originally sold by Lawson Da.
vis to Orange Babbett, suppjosed to con-,
tain about 7 acres, us fully idseribed in
saidl Act.
Also all the interest of John L. Vikeks
to a tract formerly owned by Margaret
Grappe, being a portion of the followinga
bounded on the south by the land a
David Brown, east by land of O, Grappe
and others, as fully described in sai:
Act.
Also another tract of land situated ia
said iparish, being the undivided halfer
lots 1, 5 and 6 of section 29, townsh!p It,
range 7, west, containing 24$ 70100
acres.
Also another tract, situated on Campt
Bayou, about one mnile below the Tows
of Canmpte, and known as the Babbett
plantation, containing about 50 acre,
mnore o0 les.
Terms of Sale.
Cash, subject to apprasement.
L. A. DEBLIEUX,
Feb. 8. Sheri.
S Sherlfs Sale.
Caspari & Dietrich vs. P. Victoria Pre
dhomme-District Court No. 1049.
O. Capmartin vs. P. Victoria Prudhomma.
District Court-N-o. 7937.
BY Virtue of two several writs of
i Fierl Facias iCuned in the above n*.
titled alid numbered suits and to me di.
relted, I have seized, and will offer f'or
sale to the last and highest bidder at the
door of the court house in the city amd
parish of Natchitoches on
at unlay Marci 15th, 1879,
the following described property, to-wi: ,.
A certain tract of land situated in the -
parish of Natchitoches, on the left ba k
of Red river and described as per plast d
survey made by Geo. 8. Walmsley, deput
surveyor on 16th Feb. 1841 as follows:
BeginniUg a a post on the left bank sI.
Red river between the claim conferred
to Lonuit Board aud widow M. Lestag
thence N. 55e on the line betw-een li"i
now owned by B. Cloutier and the ceiWts'
ant 4900 chains to a post on the back
line, thence south 3o west 4455 chains U
Red river (Set a post) thence up the ridP
er on a traverse 8. 86 W. 2700 chailnsL
76 W. 800 N. 35W 600 N. 3o E S1137 l
to a place of beginning being part a
claim conferred under commissioners
tificates 4, No 1665, A. No. 1681 adl
No. 1653, see. Noe. 4, 55, and 56, lna
shib 9, range 6 west; see. No. 10, tow
ship 8, rantge 6 west; see. No. -, tOWn
ship9, range 7, west, N. VW. Land DI
of La., containing 119 30-100 acres wit
buildings and improvements thereon. ,
Terms of Sale :
Cash, with the benefit of apprasel
ob, 1-td. L DEBLIEEL I,;.
Feb. 1-tde. Sherl£:-.