A planter residing near this city
infornms us that hle has had fifty ap
plications at least, since the cotton
planting time drew near, for cotton
seed for planting. Is it not strange
thiat people should he s, foolish as to
dispose of all their cotton seed and
then beg fronm their neighbors to
plant, when the price obtained for
the seed is nothing comnpared to what
would result if they fertilized their
lands with it.
It has been estimated, and that
Very closely, that a ton of cotton seed
is worth to a farmer, as ia fertilizer
$22, buill they persist every year in sel
ling the seed to oil Companies at $5
per ten, or at $15 loss to them.
It is useless to talk of prosperity
in a country a here corn sells at one
dollar per bushel in the early Spring,
and the farmers of begging about fot
cottonl seed to plant. Politics don't
bring tIon such ruin as that-its stu
pidity, and this country will he worth
nothing until that style of planting
is changed.
M'ining the Soil.
(Home Journal.]
I believe, says a writer on tihe sub
ject of prepFlitg soil, one of our
greatest *iaslkre in fairm hIsiess is
made in our undule haste when sow
ing and cultivating our crops. We
are in so mnich hgI r to get the seed
Ato the gr.ound that we do not take
time to lloperlly fit the soil for its
iceeption' We plow the land, run a
pulverizer or harrow over it once,
sow or plant the seed. and cover it as
soon possible. Sometimes we do not
do as much as this. I have known a
man to plow heavy land for oals, and
sow the seed on the furrows. Of
course the suflace was very rouglh
and broken--nothing but a succes
sion of ridges and hollows and large
clods--utterly nifit to receive the
seed. But the farmer was in a hurry
and could not stop to harrow the
land befeore sowing. Planting is very
often done on land that is not half
ftted. And, as it wonld be natural
to expect, a mian who is in too much
hurry to get his land in good order to,
plant is generally in too great haste
to thorouglhly cultivate the growing
crop. He runs the cultivator or
olrse-hoe between the rows once or
twice drting the season, and thinks
this is all he can afford to do. But
here lie makes a great mistake-one
of thle greatest mistakes which ihe can
make in his whole business. By this
course le greatly diminishes his crops
and reduces his profits, for tile profit
of farm crops lie in a large yield per
acre. A small yield only pays ex
penses. And it is the haste with
which the land is prepared and the
aeglect which the creep receives which
occasions the low yields of which so
many farmers complain, and which
bare the way to success in their busi
ness. I am convinced, both by ex
perience and observation, that it is
useless to run over our land. We
ought not to plant more than we can
cultivate thloroughly. If we have
already got tloo large an area planlted,
let us hIre extra help and cultivate
the crop well. Another year we can
plnt less. Less planting and more
cullivation would be a good motto for
the average farmer. 'lThe soil con
tains many of the elements of plant
food, but it must be pinlverized ee
fore the crop can rendily obtain thenm.
'he finer we make the soil, the ricer
the bed in wlhich to put thie seed, the
easier and faster tihe plants canl ,h
tain their food. Thils is a prineiple
of which we have been slow to take
the advantage, lbut one wiich we
ought to understand and apj'ly. It
certainly lies at tile very founldation
of economical and successful cultiva
tion.
Most Batter From Scalded Milk.
lMr. Charles Day, Orleans cnunty,
?T. Y., states that one of his neigh
dors i. in tile habit of scalding tihe
milk inl her dairy, and he wishes to
hnow if thie cream will really rise any
qnileker "anld will tllhere be any more
cream by the scalding, and, if so,
whLy 1"- To which I answer, it is true
that scalding milk while fresh from
the.ow or perfectly sweet and set
ting it while hot in shalllow vessels
FVr the cream to rise makes the cream
riee 'more radidly than to set it in the
same way without scalding, and there
will be a slight increase of buttter.
There are several reasons for this: 1.
Creabi rises faster when nlilk is hot
thanwhen it is cold, all other condi.
tlons being the same. Hence thile hot
milk sends np its cream sooner thlan
the milk set at a lower temperature.
Netwithstanding the loss of water by
inenasaed evalporation, Ilealed milk is
thinner or more flunid than milk not
scalded. Thlis result is probably
ccasioned by thie destruction of
orpanic germs killed in scalding. The
Ii-sag gt.m hinder the ascenet of tihe
usasr. 8. Cream rises faster when
tihe temperature of the milk is fialling
than when It is stationary, and milk
set hot has a wider range of tempers
tare to fall tlhrough than that not
idhlded, and sends its cream to the
srahee more perfectly. There is al
ways a part of the cream left back in
the milk, but, for the reason given,
there Is less left back in the scalded
than ino the nnasealded milk. 4. Tilhe
eream from the scalded milk churns
asder tihn that from milk not sealded,
and hence charns more completely,
baving less ancharned cream 'in tilhe
bettermilk. Hence a little more
buttet Ie the general result of scalded
ad settlng in shallow vessels. TIhe
sream, however, Is less bulky bot
more trish l butter In hut than in cold
etdlg. -L. B. Arnold in Tribune
Co-operatlon.
qunmoua o10 wrars m s Tro ANswn.
,. N. O. Democrat.
Tb ftarmers and planters of this
ssltry are eertainly not less intelli
'pat and ashould not be less shrewd,
tie thosae of arepe.and other coon-.
tdes.: Wy is itsIthatot or farmers
anet ,oia&P their .ewn stairs as
erfar do Wisy I it thatan
,I~ aoi eiw eaeot oen
c·i 9iof ' reshil
hui p bhseswer*
mana 1thti dt v.'Is:
a wtabt of co-operation. But there
are other questions-very important
oues-which we wish to see answered
by the intelligent farmers and plant
ers of Louisiana-we will come to
thlu presenitly. English firmers
i meet once a week to discuss the state
Sof the cropls and ascertain the area in
cultivation, the valins of their pro
p ducts, etc. Every county has its
a farniers'clubs for gathering and dis
I setinaiting iifornition respecting
o the area planted, its condition, the
r rospective prices for farm produce
Milil other impnlortant matters. Tlhese
ct clubs have their commnnittees to attend
ir to the various tlepartlents, sol that
eacllh membller cal have the advantafge
of the experience and wisdom of all
it the others.
d Every fall these clubs hold their
,r town and county fairs, and by these
metin all the firnmers of a county are
tbrought into colistant contact w ithi
5 each other, and with other business
men, and these farmers are generally
sllccessful and ir)l tsperoliS-noi itI -h
standing they pay fents ranging from
it to 410 per acre tfor every foot that
ithey cultivate. If the farmers of th!is
it State wish to be miasters of their own
it business they must unite with each
other for that purpose; if they would
het iindependent, prosperous and hap
I py, let them develiop a system of in
rg t lligenlt, placlieal, reciprocal co-ope
r ition. The aim of every farmlerr
should be to effect a thorough organi
litioen in every plarish.
The necessity of such organizations
is appalret on every hand. This is -
- lprogress.ive age, and lie who would
ir tie pri'olerrouS aiist keep pace with;
is the spirit of progiess .and improve
'- meat. The ti ime hae comeiC whenll to
'e lmake agricullilre pmtitable, fairmersu
"d must ititiuse ia high degree of intelli
oe gence ineto their business transactions
is -bh,.th agrienltural and coiliimercial
a systeinatlize their labor, and learn to
e, increase the rodlnetive capacity of
is the soil, with the view of seeming ia
at fair return for capital invested andl
a labor expended, the!ehy onRelinri
) them to adopt those rules aniid reglli
)f tions of businless-life which yiehl
;in such satisfactory results in commer
s- cial and manufacturtng pinsuits.
ge Th'e Grange is admnlirably adopted
te for these piiraiposes, and it was hopead
y that the movement in this State
ie would accoinmplish these desirable
*y ends,(jbut hitherto it has utterly fail
if ed except in two or three iparishes.
A These must be some reason or iea.
:ih asoi for this failure ; and this brings
to us to the questions, which we propose
Ie to ipropound to our practical farmers
ig and hlanters:
ir 1. Why has not suich co-operation
)r been effected heretofore t
is 2. Are there any good and sulficient
it reasons why snch a system of co ope
ie ration as is here forerhadowed can
in not be developed and made effective
is among the tillers of the soil f
is 3. If there are such reasons, what
it are they I
r Answers ate solicited to all these
c- queries, with the hope that the sub.
Ih ject will receive the consideration
ie which its importance seems to de
li mand.
o -
i Mutton Eating.
About all that can be said in favor
of inmuton as a diet for general use
unponl the tables of the mnases, both
e i city and country has been written.
inut it is one of those good things
Sthat will bear repeating. No one
' who has sat dowln to hiis savory roast,
Soriorviting chop, needs tlhereafter to
be remiinded tihat nei meat excels mult.
ten in those qualities that commend
it to the palete. Her well marbelled
Southdown riiutltoi is rapidly sur
planting the traditional roast beef of
Olt England whose populatirln an
.. nually conenume the increase from
26,0;H,000 niutton yielding sheep.
e The masses of the people need Do_
4s) much to be remined that the sheep
e produles fteshl eqlially Ilslcious antli
nntrieiois withl beef and pork, eiod
greatly superior to the latter in lhy
gienic proplerties, as of the furthel
tiert thilat mutlton carn Ie produced at
less cost per poilned tlhan either. It
is demonstrable, that a lnshel of cori
will produce iiore pounds ljof flesh
* when properly fed to slheep than
when fed to a bullock or hog. To
Sthe farmner who is uspnally compelled
a to do his own slaughtering and cur
o ing, nmutton is particulnrly conenieled
ed leby the filet that it is more easily
e prepared, and that a single aniiiinal I
, produces no more than can be cared
e for while being coriaumled. Tlhesel
Sfiacts, admnitted and acted upon by
. the few, need to be kept before the
s people until the nee of mutton he
n comes as general us swine flesh. The
e ga:nt spectre ot cholera that so per
e sistently stalks tlhe swine yards, is
. doing much in thie way of inetimidl.
i. ting" tie devotees of "ling produets"
t ilnto a nmore diveraified mest diet, and
Sin this, hius proven no exception to
it the rule, that every scourge has somen
a compensating circumstainces. - Live
S tockJ ournal.
* It is said that one ounce of cream
it of tartar dissolved in a pint of water,
Y drnlok at intervals when cold, is a
certain, ever-fiailing enre for small
e pox, and will. ~cure the worst case in
Sthree days.
SHere is an excellent remedy fo'r
k coughs and cold: Simmer one pound
of honey in the comb and the jnice of
six lemons together. Skirt arnd when
Snearly cold add one gill of juniper
berry gin.
The following as a cure for felons.
SI'ake common rich salt, such as is
a used for salting dow'n pork or heef,
dry it in an oven, then pound it ine
and mix with spirits of turpentins in
, equal parts. Pat it on a rag and wrap
a iit around the part affected, and in 24
b hours the felon is dead.
t We know of nothing better to re
j move warts than the leaves of the
sommon bean Crush the leaves bhe
tween the fingers, and squeeze out
the jlice upon the warts two or three
times a day, until they dry up and
* disappear, The cure will generally
be complete in less than a week,
- The drying and preserving of the
I fig for market is an Iodndustry much
Sneglected, The proces is easy, and
Sthey command a ieady sale in the
1 Nortlher and Western markets.
. PFriction in Plowing.-It bas been
[ demonitrlted that the lanmd-ide con
Ssmeesl 83 per enot* the sole 35 per
it cent, tad the mold bard 10 per cent
of the laower of the horse in drawing
HUTSON'8
LIVERY and FEED
St. Dcusl St., NATCHIITOCHES, La.
IS PREPARED to :ecounmodate the
Spullic in everything in the Feed and
Livery line Stable is iirst-clah, and ar
rnnged esp'cially for the convenience and
'omifort of stock.
FEED FOR HORSE $1 PER DAY.
Hlacks and huggies on hire and fur
nished promptly on application.
R. P. HUTSON.
Feb. 17--y. Proprietor.
DANIEL PRLTT'S IIPRV.JD
"Revolving Hlead"
COTTON GIN
PATENTED JULY 1 1873.
PRICE REDUCED
TO $4 50 PER SAW.
'THIS GIN has been in use for the past
I three seasons, and several recent im
prvcenents have been added. It obvi
ates all friction at the ends of the cotton
bIox, prevents the roll from hraking, and
gives a LARGER YIELD OF LINT from
theeame amonut of Seed than anyv other
Gin in use. The Revolvin, IHeaA light
ens the draft and causes the Gin to run
faster with less driving power, thus do
ing a great deal imore work within the
s me timne, while economizing srteatn or
animal power, than any other Gin. The
seed leing ginned very close, the length
of the staple is increased, prodncing cot
ton on this aceounlt ot a greater market
value. This improvedl value, given by
length of stalple, with extra production
of lint, added to increa&sed animout of
wo k dlone, miore than covers the cost
of the Gin in every 10, bales ginned.
Testimouials sent by mail on application.
JOS. B. WOLFE & CO.,
GENERAL AGENTS,
59........ CARONDELET ST........59
NEW ORLEANS, LA.
C. L. WALMSLEY, Agent,
August 12 NATCGJITOCHE8, LA.
HENRY GENIUS,
Worker in Tin, Copper and
SIHEET IRON.
Corner Front and Trudean Streets,
NATCIIITOCIIES, LA.
Wholesale and Retail dealer in all kinds of
HEATING AND COOKING STOVES
and sole agent folhe celebated champion
CHARTER OAK
cooking stove. All stoves sold at man
ufacturer's prices with freight added.
Manufacturer of plain and fancy Tin
Ware Metallic roofing, etc., etc*
A large and select stock of Tin Ware
and House Furnishing good on [ial
GUITTERING. ROOFING, and all man
nor of Job, Tin and plumbers work exe
cntedl with dispatch.
Steam Saw 111I.
J. H. STEPHENS,
(Seven Miles South of Natchitoches.)
HAS ON HAND and is prepared to fur
nish on short notice all kinds of the
BEST QUALITY OF
YTellow fEeart
PINE LUMBERll.
Has well stocked lumber yard in this
city and at Mr T. Chaler's, on Cane riv
er where parties can dthmar orders filled
promptly on application.
PRICE:
Five to Ten dollars per M. at Mill.
Fourteen dollar per M. In city yard.
Address,
J. H. STrEPHENS,
At Mill.
Or J. C. TRICHEL,
Natchitoches,
And T. CHALEh,
Feb. 17-ly. Cote Joyease.
... H1 .emee,
NOTARY PUBLIC.
(Office inder Vindicator Office,)
ST. DENI8 8TREET,
NATCHITOmHES, LA.
AsdilL-tr.
187711, I7
Our Friends
Should subscribe at once, and
get up Clubs for the
PEOPLE'S VINICATO R
FOR 1877.
* -0O-
Our inducement to Clubs are lib
eral.
-----00
LOOK HERE !
We will let each of our old Subscribers who pro.
cures us one new Cash subscriber at our usual rate:.
have the VINDICATOR one year for Two DOLLARS. That
is, both subscribers can get the paper for FOUR DOL
LARS AND FIFTY CENTS.
Club Rates.
Single copies........................ $2 50
Ten copies to one address............... 22 50
Twenty copies to one address............ 40 00
A copy of either, the
People's Vindicator,
Saturday Evening Post,
New York Weekly Sun,
N. O. Weekly Democrat,
Leisure Hours,
Furnished extra and free of charge, to each getter up
of a club of ten subscribers.
CASH most accompany every order.
Remit by Draft, Postoffice Order or Registered Letter.
JOB WORK.
Our Office is supplied with a splendid assortment of
Job Type and Liberty Job Presses,
and we are determined to do as good work as New
Orleans, and as cheap.
BLANKS,
POSTERS,
CIRCUL ARS,
BILL HEADS,
LETTER HEADS,
BRIEFS,
PROGRAMMES,
BUSINESS CAiDS,
and all kinds of work executed with neatness ani
dispatch,
Address,
J3 H. COSGROVBE
EDITOR AND PUBLISHER,
PuoPra's VTrxcATo3, Nachitoches, La., P, O Box, 120
OUR COUNTRY !
WHAT WILL
Become of It ?
Is thefquestion now agitating the public
miind,
The grave issues before Congress; the
linal settlementit of the late Presidential
election ; the incoming (Congress; the
new President; the Policy of the next
Administration; and lfuture welfatre of
tile cou|lntry and people, are miatters of
great interest tt, e.at all every individu
al Such a crisis has not l,een presented
since the DI)claration of Iitdelelnd,.ene.
A Truthful History of events. and do
ings of Congress will Ire given with im
partiality and fairness in the
CINCINNATI ENQUIRER,
a public spirited paper echoing thie iish
es to the people, advocating suilission
to the Laws, gooid Governmnent, and the
Rights of the people to be beard upon all
matters that pertain to the country's
welfare.
The Tricky Politicians, always ready
to organize troublle, but who inever par
ticipate in danger, will he shown iup in
their true characters. By suhscrihing
for the Enquirer, you will get a faithful
record of events as they transpire, with
out Party Coloring and ti uiased by par
ty feelings, as the true merit in a news
paper is its ability and willingness to
give the
NEWS AS IT COMES,
and not as it is preparepared by party denma
gogues to mislead the people. Specimen
copies free.
Terms of Subscription.
FOR WEEKLY.
Single Copy, one year............. $2 00
Five Copies " ..$1 75 each......8 75
Ten " " .. I 60 " .....1R 100
Twenty " "' .. 1 50 " ....3000
FOR DAILEY.
Without Sunday Issue. With Sunday Issue.
By Mail, one year..$12 t0l By Mail I vear. $14 00
Six Months........ 6 00 Six Months..... 7 00
Three Months.... 32 Three Months... 3 5
One Month......... I )5 One Month..... 50
Most liberal terms to club agents. Send
for specimen copies and agents' outfit.
Agents wanted at every post-office.
Address all letters to
FARAN & McLEAN, Pct'iISHERS,
Cincinnati, Ohio.
T1 E UTNION
MONTGOMERY BLAIR, Editor.
Publishbed Every Morning (Sun
days excepted) at
927 D STREET N W.,
Washington, D. C.,
BY HENRY POLKINHON.
Address Box 484, City P. O.
The UNION is served by etariers to
subscribers at 15 cents per week, or 50
cents per nmoih, Single copies, three
cents By mail, (postage prepaid,) 60
cents per month, or $7.00 per year. All
subscriptions must be paid invariably in
advafice.
The UNION will be sent to clubs at
the rate of $6 per year, postage pnrepaid.)
Rates of advertising furnished on ap
plication.
Newsdtealers ordering THE U\Io0 will
be supplie.! at the usual fates. The
money must invariably accompany the
order.
All bank checks must be stamped.
Post office ordlers are preferable.
All business commuanications must be
addressed to the "Publisher of the Union."
The Union is conducted on entirely
cash principles.
The Union is the only Democratic dai
ly published at the seat of Government.
It in dedicated to the dispassionate die
cussion of the events and issues of the
hour. In the language of the initial
editorial, "the immediate object sought
in the establishment of this paper is to aid
in preventing the nation front beiug sub
jected to tihe ills which must result from
placing its Chief Magistracy ini abeyance,
and frustrating the great reforms of ad
ministration and finance decreed by the
vote of November, and we hope so to
conduct the paper as to dlemonstrat its
utility to the country at large, and to
secure such support from the people as
to assure its success and permanency."
PRIME ENJOYMENT FOR A YEAR,
Lees than four Cents a Week.
MAKE HIOME ATTRACTIVE BY INTRO
DUCING
m' s r'IH i' YilGs rt.
Which for more than 55 years has been
the best
STORY, SKETCH & FAMILY PAPER
as is well known all over the United
States. It is published weekly, contains
eight large pages, clearly printed on good
paper, filled with the choicest stories and
sketches by the best writers; no sen
sationaltrash, but such as a mother is
willing to have her children read. The
whole tone of the paper is pure and el
evating.
It also contains Historical and Biogra
phical articles; Scientific; Agricultural
and H usehold Departments; Fashiou
Article weekly, fresh and excelled; Hu
moreos Notes ; Literary Reviews; News
Notes; Boy's and Girls' Columns
and Sparkling Editorial, etc., ete
just such a a paper as everybody loves to
read, and the price is only
TWO DOLLARS A YEAR.
Sample copy containing clubhs rates, etc.
sent on receipt of a 3.cent stamp, Address
NO. 650 BE1NNEIYT & FICTIH,
1'6 Sansonm Street, Philadelphia, Pa.
N. B.-Be sure and affix the number
iT50 before BENNETT & FITCIH, so that we
may know through what paper the sub
scription comes.
THE SUN6
1877 NEW YORK. 1877
The different editions of THE SUN during
the nextyear will be the same ar dhring the
year that bas just passed. The daily addition
will on week days ebe a sheet of four pages, or
56 broad columns; while the weekly edition
will be a sh :etof eight pages of the same dimen
sions and character thatate tlready familiar to
our friends,
THE MUN will contlilffe to be the strennous
advocate of reforYn and retrenchment, and of
the substitution of statesmanship. *wiiom, and s
integrity for hollow pretence. imbee ity, and (
fraud in the administration of public afairs. It
will contend for the government of the people
by the people and for the pl,ope, s .ojwpoeed to
government by frauds in the ballot. bet and in I
the counting of votes, enforced by military 1
violence. ft Will endeavor to su ply its read.
era-a body now not fair frontm a atllion of souls
-with the moat careful, complete, and trust.
worthy accounts of current events, and will
employ for this purpose a numerous and care.
faly seleoted staff of rpnrters and correspon.
denta. Its reports from Washington, especial.
ly, will be full, accurate, and fearless; and it
will doubtless continue to deserve and enjov
the hatred of those who thrive by plundering (
the Treasury or by urplidg what the law does
not give themn, while it will endeavor Ittit
the confidence of the pIIiic by defentdingteb
ri hts of the people against t he enUeroachr,,
oflnjutritled power.at
The price of the d:tly SUX will he ', E1
a month or $6O 30 a rear, post aid, or -lr
the Sunday edition b* TO a year.
The SUNDAY edition alone, eight Pqel.
$1 0 a year., post pail.
The Weekly S.S'. eight pages oft,6 broad
nst¶L1 will oe furnished during le77jat the rt
of el a rear. post paid.
The henefit of this large redoctlionn fopl tlh
previous rate for the Weekly can he en.jye4 dy
Individual sohbscrilers without the ecessl
nmking up elnbs. At the same time, if a -,
tilr frilunds ch tose to1taid t extending our cit.
culation, we shall be grate al to then and elr
n'ch lor pron who sends r eus e or limore soa
hI'ers from one plIe'e will e entlitlled to Ono e
of tlle paper i'r himself' without charge. t
one dollar a year, posltage paid. thet expenses ,
paper and printit are' b:arely replaid : and coq
sidlering thtize of the sheet and the quality I
its (ollstet11$s , weave en' nlidnt the people Will
consider the Weekly St' the clheapept newars
per published in l he world, and we trust rte
one of the very best.
Address. TIIE SUNX, New York City, N. T
'77 THE PEOPLE'S PAPER '11
TIIE LOUISVILLE WEEKLY
Courier-Journal
l'he GSeat National Family Newspapet
Cormbines the experience, ability nad
nif:terial resources of three old-timi: Lou:
isviile newspape'rs of national repute
the Louisville Courier, Louisville Jor.'
n:al and Louisville I)etocrat-and is for
titied in the respect and conftidencere
sualting fromn nearly half a century of
their individual anrd cnimhRned stri ee
The Weekly Courier-Journal is not l
mere hasty hoteh-potrh thrown from tid
daily edition, but a complete, able, spicy
family newspaper, carefully and intellli
gently edited in every column andpnp.:
graph.
Chirce from 225 standard books, or lian
one of the leading magazines or illnstra
ted periodicals for a mere pittance in
addition to the price of the Courier-Jourº
nal alone.
PIIENTICE'S POEMS and the Weekly
Courier Journal one year for $3.00.
A splendid Map of the South, sile
28½x3"2 inches, handsonme.y colored, var,
nished and hung on rolers, retail pries
82.I)0, will be presented to each subicri
her to the Weekly Courier-Journal who
sendrs s $2.01).
Terms, $2.00 a year, postage paid. Lib.
eral otters to clubs of five or more. Spa.
cimnen copy and descriptive circular t,
to any address.
kddress W. N. HALDEMAN,
Pres. Courier-Journal Co., Louisville, Kl
TI'HE WORLD
FOR 1877.
The New York World for 1877 Daily.
Semr-Weekly and Weekly, will be found
to be the cheapest and best newspaper
published in the United States. It will
be printed in fn improved form with new
type upon the best paper, and no expese
or labor will be spared to maintain itia
every departmetit at the highest possible
standard, and to commend it in all res.
pects to the confidence and approvalof
the best classes in the community with.
out regard to political opinions or relig
ions ditlrences.
It will lay before its readers:
Tile NEWS O;F 'lfl DAY of all kindesa
fromn all quarteres, by mail and by tel.
graph. carefully condensed and lucidly
arranged, special attention being given to
all Commercial, Legal, Financial, Sooil,
and Political Transactions in the City a[
New York and the United States.
FULL REPORTS, Reciting and Illnatr -
ting all Congressional and Legislative
proceedings at Wasbin.ton and Albany;
all Meetings of importance, Religious,
Literary, Edurational. Scientific and Pol
itical ; all'Social Evenns, .Igy ad grave,
and Personal Information of interes to
the public.
COrRanrseo ENEc, expressly *1ep*A.
for this journal by a permanent staff of.
accomplished resident writers at all '.ea
trees of interest throughout the world
LITERARY NEW and RE'viws, by whikh
our readers will be kept advised ofevery.
thing worthy of attention in the cuentea
Literature of Europe and America.
Criticisms of all notable worksand
notices of all notable events in connction
with Music, the Drama, Painting, S8ulp*
ture and all other branches of Art.
Editoral Articles upon every subjeetl
present interest or importance.
For the principles by which The World
will be governed in its discussion sad
treatment of the public questions, it will
suffice to say that The World, while coua
servative in politics, desires the eoaneev
tion only of what is good and wise in ou
public institions and no limitations nupo
the right of private judgment andttl
aspirations of Reform, save those whic
are imposed by prudence decorum, an
a rational respect for vested rightas a
for the honest opinions of all elassesai
sects of men. While it has labored f~t
the principles and hails the triumphed
the Democratic party as affording va
practical promise of Reform in our publb
administrations, city, state and nationlO
it will not be blindly devoted tothe ad
vancement of any party or any cliqut
It will freely canvass the public conducnt
while it will treat with respect thepi.'
vate rights, of Public Men, and it will eti
amine fearlessy into the workingsofoi r
national, state and municipal govern
ments.
It will inculcate a steadfast relile
upon the original principles o oour poll
tical system as the only sound basis of a
needed imporvement therein; an unfalP
ering devotion to the Constitution sad
the Union, a scrupulous fidelity to th
spirit as well as the letter of our la~;i
and a sleepless vigilance in maintainin
all the great safeguradls of Civil se
Religions Liberty. It will seek to mit
igate and not to aggravate the evils i1
separable from Party Government in a
Free Country; to promote good and not
ill feeling among our fellow-citensof i,
creeds and colors, all sectiohs and£a
sects; and to advance both by its pre
cepts and by its example the telgti
Reason and of Law over prejudiCE l'
passion ii all our public action and is
the discussion of all public affairse.
It will do justice always to the bested
its ability to all men and to all claeld .
men ; it will recognize do eneniles but tMh
enemies of good morals, public order sad
the law; it will endeavor, in a word, id
make i's columns a terror to evil-does
and a praise to them that do well.
Nor will it lose sight meanwhile of th
great and legitimate demand of thE
realdinig public for entertainment. ThE
WORLD will keep its readerp inford
of all that is amnusidg as well as of all
that is momentous ii the movementrd
society and tili spare neither trouib
nor expeuse to provide them with a TV
ried animated and accurate picture of th
times in which we life.
TERMS-PO8TAGE PREPAID.
Daily and Sundays, one year. $9.50;
six months, $5; three months, $2.50.
Daily without StUndays, One year (S
six months, $4.95; thtee months, S|
less than three months, $1 a month.
The Semi-Weekly World (TuedIyt
and Fridays)--'wo Dollars a year. T
Club Agents--An extra copy for club oK
ten the Daily for club of twenty-five.
Tlhe Weekly World (Wednesdays)- On
Dollar a year. To Club Agents--An eI*
tfa eopy for'club often ; the Semi-WeeOk
ly for club of twenty; the Daily for claiV
of fifty.
Specinmen nntaber sent on applicatiri
Termns---Cash, invariably in advnle.o
All communications should be addr..
ed to THE WORLD,
CornerPark Row and Bekman Stret
ew Tork, a