NATC-IITOCHES
SA'I'UIl)AY - - - - Feb. 6, 1875.
Advertising states,
o -
I qua1eo.... t 4 10 ) fi 5I) (HI)N$) (5 0$20 OIl
, slquares... 7 0,) In 1)0 15 00 20 00I 25 0
3;I squre,... 100i0 13 01 I 00 25 I 310 00
4 squares... I u' 1N 00 9 (,1 30 00 3'i OfI
5 squ11ared... 17 00 L'1 )1 27 01 35 00 4I0 0
6 sliar.d... 910i( 24 01i 32 li 40 00 45 1)
Ssq:uared... 3":' 7 0'l 38 0) i 00 7I 110
Ssquatre.... 2i0 i 30 00 4)0 () a5 01 ) 0IU
10 slares... .1 it 35 (00 50 lt, 57 Oil 15 tI)
15 )'qllares'4... 4i30 60 610 100100 f 125 00
2i sqiuares... Ii' 1), At) 00 90 0)0125 Ol 1,n5ll t
'rlausiiont advolertismeknts $1.511 per isquare of
Iil lines hjtevwir. tirst innertion. Each subse.
qneut inlertilon 75 cents per square.
OIR JOB OFFICE is slpplied with a
great variuet" of tyne, anll wori" in tBis depart
nwnt werl'nrmued with neatness and at mtnder.
ate prices.
Telwns, CAUli on delivery of work.
Rates of Subscription.
One (~py one oear .....................n
One Copy six months...................... 00
(P'yable in advance.)
John J. Hierlert, is our duly authori
zed travelling agent.
Notice to Contributors.
No crommtnientions will he Pnbllished
unless arcrnmpanidl bly the autlhor's real
name. int onle ide of the sheet to ,e
written upon when sent to us for inser
tion.
Articles to be short and to the point,
to hnve attention.
These are our rules and they must be
strictly adhered to.
Premiums to Subscribers.
The Vindicator will be furnished to
subscribers at the following rates.
I year........................ $3
6 mos........................ $2
/No enhubcription received for less
than six months.
ALL SUBSCRIPTIONS INVARIABLY IN
ADVANCE.
We will furnish to each yearly sub
scriber a magnificent Steel Engraving
19s24 inches. Now is the time to
subscribe-write to our Editor for
Jiub rates, in which we offer special
inducements.
"Tempest" in Natchitoches-Steam
boat in Naitchitoehes this week.
Owing to the absence of the editor
of the Vindicator who has been sum
moned to appear before the Congree
sional Investigating Committee, now
in New Orleans, we trust our readers
will overlook 'the scarcity of edi
torials matter during his absence.
The foot-way over the dirt bridge
on Jefferson Street, is getting dan
gerous for pedestrians. Would it
not be an economical step on the
part of our "City Fathers" to repair
in time f
Plenty of Venison| in town this
week for sale, cheap for cash.
Attention is directed to the adver
tiseiuent to be found in another col
umra, of a stolen Mule. Twenty dol
lars reward is offered for his recovery.
Our favorite packet for Grand Ecore,
SEMINOLE, Capt. Mitchell, came up
late Wednesday evening and con
tinued her trip as high as Brownsville.
She also ran up Cane river as high as
Mr. Lecomte's where she took on
board all the cotton in sight.
Hereafter she will leave the city
every Tuesday and her friends must
make their orders accordingly. Our
thanks are tendered to her polite
officers for continued favors.
The weather continues wet, cold
and disagreeable generally-too wet
for the planters to begin plowing, eo
cEpt on the very high and dry sandy
lands. Numbers of them are getting
anxious about farming operations as
the season advances, and nothing as
yet accomplished towards making a
crop. But who has ever been fortu
nate enough to fnd a farmer satisfied
with the weather. It is always too
wet or too dry, or too warm or too
cold, or too something or other-cer
tainly not to his notion.
Strange to relate, but no less
strange than true, our river at this
point continues to recede, and in a
few days all the evidence we will
have of having had a river, will be
the fresh sand deposited there on the
bottom.
----- -- -- 
The New Bart Able came to Grand
Ecore early Tuesday morning look
her very best, with a pretty geod trip,
and took away a' great many of our
fellow-citizens en route to New Or
leans, some to testify before the Con
gressional Committee, others for plea
sure, and some for business. Pleas
ant trip to them all' and a long suo
cess to our beautiful packet, Bart
Able.
No Compromise.
It is now at this late hour utter fol
ly t6 talk to our people about coin
promise. And for what should we
desire to compromise ? For the sake
of a few offices hero and there through
the State, shall we bargin away our
principles and agree to let up on
Kellog, and his crowd of thieves and
robbers? We want nothing at their
hands and we don't mean to take
anything they can offer-and we
would not be bothered even with
their presence if it was not through
motives of policy. K6ellogg proposes
to do all the good he can for us, but
bless to Heaven if we want any of
dhis good, and we are tired and dis
gusted with those who come talking
to us of compromise, to get this of
flee and that office filled with our
own citizens. D-I take the office
and the men too, who want to fill
them with Kellogg's commission in
their pocket. Our cause has become
now the cause of the American peo
ple, at least those who love liberty
and good government, and unworthy
would we be if we should now taint
and tarnish the brightness of their
hopes with anything like selfishness
and petty tricks.
There can be no compromise with
an unholy fiand, and the only thing
left for us to do, is to fight it un-com
poromisingly. Any talk now looking
to a compromise with the Kellogg
usurpation sounds in our ears like
treason, and has such a ring of selfish
motive in it that it disgusts us at
once.
Let us look at the true definition,
of the word compromise, and see if
we can aff.ord to do it this time, at
this important crisis in the "Louisi
ana case"--compromise means to ad
just and settle a ditfference by mutu
al agreement, with concessions of
claims by the parties. Have we any
thing to concede to Kellegg and his
miserable crew 'of thieves? or can
any one now enter into mutual agree
ments with such a herd of unblush
ing liars and slanderers. No never!
and we are playing too well now the
game to win, to think of any thing
like compromise. The only compro
promise we will make with Kellogg
individually, is that we will agree
not to go to Illinois to kill him if he
will pick up his carpet-bag and tramp
back to his home where he should re
main for the future-hidden from the
sight of all honest men.
Edward Ezernack.
And now comes Edward Ezernack
to the front, to testify before the
Congressional Committee that there
was great intimidation here before
and during the election last Novem
ber. A beautiful specimen of hu
inanity, indeed, from which truth
could be extracted to establish the
justice of any cause. So well known
is he in this respect that he was, on
one occasion, told by a Magistrate in
open court, that he would not believe
him on oath. Is it possible to, in any
way, endanger the rights of a people
by the utterances of such a misera
ble wretch as thist
Yet he has the impudence to go be
fore the Committee and testify that
he was shot at and miraculously es
caped with his life. Now if there are
any persons no foolish in the comma
nity who would waste ammunition on
so insignificant game, we don't know
them, and moreover, we do not be
lieve in their existence. A man so
ntterly base is not worth a load of
shot that would penetrate his worth
less hide.
And it is from such sources as these
that an entire community are to be
condemned, and our best citizens
pronounced banditti, murderers and
assassins.
Take himn to your bosom Gen'l.
Sheridan and make something out of
him-perhaps you may need just such
a liar as he is to fill some important
situation where liars are rewarded ac
cording to their merit, for he is, ac
cording to his caliber, a number one.
. False Witnesses.
It is a drooping cause that will
drag ladies into public places there to
bear false witness against their neigh
bors. A cause so tottering as to re
quire such propping as this, will fall
one day with a crash, and bury in its
ruins all those who may be found
connected with it.
If any one wishes to learn the
truth of the evidence given to the
Congressional Committee by a lady
from this city, published in the Neew
Orleans papers of the 30th ultimano,
concerning the sickness of her child,
and who went to see her during the
time, let them enquire 'of the Soceie
ty known in this place as the "Chil
dren of Mary."
Subscribe to the VINDICATOR,
the "live" paper of Natehitoches.
E. L. Pierson.
The testimony of E. L. Pierson,
commonly known as "Coley Pierson,'
is a startling document to say the
least, and as a tissue of lies compact
ly stated, it stands unrivaled. lie
"defies this community to say ought
against his personal character," and
here is where the richness comes in
for to the good, people of Natchito
chles, it will be news to learn that
"Colcy" Pierson had any personal
character; true it is, that the very
gentlemen lie most slanderously and
outrageously assails, did every thing
in his power to give him standing
and character, and we must admit
that from this' bit of Pierson's evi
dence he failed mosot signally, and in
it we have another instance of the
fable of the "Woodman and the Asp."
Upon a previous occasion when
this fellow assailed the character of
Col. Win. M. Levy, we refrained from
making any comment upon it, for we
knew then, and know now, that he
was far beyond the reach of the vi.
tuperation of such low curs as this
Pierson, but public duty requires us
to say something at least in abhor
rence and condemnation of this lying
braggart.
Does he not remember that to Col,
Levy lihe owes his miserable existence;
that to him he is indebted for the on
ly glimpse he will ever behold of a
future honest and honorable life ; had
hle but followed the advice and exam
ple of the gentleman he attempts to
traduce, he would now be respected
at least, instead of being loathed a:nd
dispised by every honest man, white
and black, in Louisiana, who knows
him.
"His personal character !"-we grow
too angry for utterance at the defiance
thrown out by this man. lie is a
liar, a thief, a fclgerer, a deserter,
and a thousand other things to inde
cent to name, and still he defies "any
one to attack his personal character."
In no capacity has he acted but that
he has betrayed ; an apostle to a thou
sand creeds and a Judas to them all;
as a boy a pilferer and a story-teller;
as a soldier a deserter and a forgerer;
as a citizen a thief and unreliable; as
a lawyer Ihe embezzled monies col
lected for his clients; as a politician
a cheat and a swindler; and ai a
witness before a committee of Con
gress, a most unmittigated liar and
slanderer. Pierson is all. these and
more, and we can produce a thousand
witnesses to prore the truth of our as
sertions. He defies us does lie! then
by all the saints in the calender, wilb
we give him a surfeit of his personal
character ( )
"Vice-President Wilson has written
a letter," and said letter las been
published in the Springfield (Mass)
Republican, is handed round as a
piece of news, and was looked for as
a dose of "cure all" to the ills that
now afflicts "even unto death" the
party to which the honorable gentle
man belongs. As a dose of "buts
and ifs" it is certainly a masterly
document, but to a patient requiring
prompt and vigorous remedies, the
hour of death will arrive before the
medicine can be applied. When the
safetyof that party which has a re
cord so subline as Mr. Wilson wonld
have us believe, depends upon the
acceptance of a bare invitation ex
tended to those who went with HIor
ace Greeley, in 1872, for life we ean
see no hope for it. It is morally cer
tain that those who broke with Wil
son's party in 1872, upon the pro
gramnme of "shaking hands across
the bloody chasm," willrequiresome
thing more than an Invitation under
a guisey promise of doing better, to
attach themselves to King Grant's
'"bloody shirt" brigade, who have
opened wide that "chasm" in Louis
inna, by maintaining at the bayonets
point a gang of unscrupulous knaves,
an unconstitutional government, in
defiance of all law and decency.
Perhaps it would have been as well
for Vice President Wilson to have
stopped Logan and Morton's utter
ances for their speeches certainly s
ver of anything but the closing of
the "bloody chasm." The whole af
fair is too thin to catch anything, and
if Mr. Wilson nade a point ir his let
ter we fail to see it. Judas might set
up a claim to the confidence of chris
tians upon. just, such a basis as the
Republicans ask for, "a new lease of
power," past glory and what it has
done for the good of mankind; Judas
was once an Apostle but he betrayed
his master, the Radical party was the
meaas of preserving the Union and
freeing the slave, it betrayed thie Con
stitution to its enemies and destroyed
the liberties of the citizens of the
South.
Cotton receipts continue to fall off
in consequence of the almost impas
sable condition of the roads, which
have never been so bad in the memo
ry of the-well say even any hpdy.
Crumbs of comfort for the Louisi
ana Radicals can be found in the fol
lowing:
Indeed, it is conceded by all par
ties that the Kellogg Government is
only upiheld by the Federal military.
Withdraw the military and that Gov
ernment will go down. This was
true before the 4th of January as
well as now. Gov. Kellogg says this
is owing to the doubt that Congress
has permitted about the legality of
his Government.
Extract from Report of Congres
sional Committee.
Extracts from official report adopt.
ed by the Congressional Committee
composed of two Republicans and
one Democrat-appointed to examine
into the election of 1874 in Louis
iana :
The result was that in Nov., 1871,
the people of the State of Louniiana
did fairly have a free, peaceable and
full registration and election, in which
a clear Conservative majority was
elected to the Lower House of the
Legislature, of which ma;jority the
Conservatives were deprived by the
unjust, illegal and arbitrary action of
the Returning Board.
* * o * C
Without now referring to other in
stances we are constrained to declare
that the action of the Returning
Board, on the whole, was arbitrary,
unsjust, and in our opinion illegal, and
that this arbitrary, unjust and illegal
action alone prevented the return by
the Board of a majority of Conserva
tive mnenmbers to the Lower House.
The Kellogg Government claims to
have reduced taxation. This has been
effected in part by establisling a
board to fund the debt of the State at
sixty per cent of its face value. This
measure arouses great hostility, not
so much because of the reduction of
its acknowledged debt, as because it
gave to the Funding Board, whose
powcrs seem to be absolute and with
out review, discretionary authority to
admit to be funded some six millions
of debt, alleged to be fraudulent. So
that under the guise of reducing the
acknowledged debt, it gave opportu
nity to swell the fraudulent debt
against the State.
Extract from congressional commit
tee, composed of two Republicans and
one Democrat, appointed to examine
into the election of 1874 in Louisiana.
It Louisiana were a country by it.
self, McEnery and his associates would
at once be installed in power, but the
Conservatives do not propose to fight
the Federal Government. They sub.
mit, not because they want to, but
because they must; not because they
proclaim anlly enmity against the flag,
not bocanse free labor haIs not been
found practicable, not because of any
hostility to the colored people be
cause doored, but because they re
gard themselves as defrauded out of
the election of 1872. and yet more,
out of tile last election, and because
they think their State government h11as
been to the last degree destructive
and corrupt. Indeed, in our judg
ment, the substantial citizens of the
State will submit to any fair deter
mination of the question of the late
election, or to anything by which
they can secure a firm and good gov
ernment. What they seek s peace
and an opportunity for prosr rity.
To that end they will support any
form of government that wil afford
themn just protection. In th air dis
tress they have got beyond any mere
question of political party.
Extract from Congressional Com
mittee composed of two Republicans
and one Democrat, appointed to ex
amine into the election of 1874 in
Louisiana.
Grant and Sheridan Outdone.
E. L. PIERSON TO THE FRONT.
EDDY AS THE CIHAMPION LIAR I
HE HOLDS AN 1EVEN HEAT WITH HIS
GREAT MASTERS.
We subjoin the testimony of Pier
son, the renegade, and without com
ment ask our people to judge of its
merits:
E. L. Pierson-I was born and rais
ed in Natchitohes. I am a lawyer
by profession. From June last up to
the eleetion thiere was a spirit of vio
lence in that parish. I have been a
Democrat. I was elected Mayor of
Natchitoches in 1868. In 1873 I join
ed the Republican party, and after
this I was subjected to ostraaesm. I
was appointed by Gov. Kellogg as
Parish Judge. When I went back to
Natchitoches I was told that I would
not be allowed to take my oflee.
Major Burke and others advised
me not to attempt to exercise my
functions. But I determined to hold
court. I was told that threats had
been made against me, so I eonelu
ded not to preside at the court. A
committee waited on me to demanad
that I should not take part in the
campaign. I said I would sign no
such agreement. It was impossible
for the Republicans to hold meetings
during the campaign ; men were aim
ed with naked bowle-knives and pis
tols, and when a company of cavalry
arrived they took off their arms and
there was a peaceful meeting.
During the election some colored
men were not permitted to register,
and others not allowed to vote be
cause their names were misspelled on
thile lists. I took part in the cam
paign at the risk of my life. Col.
Levy tried to persuade me not to mix
in the election, as my life was in
danger.
In July, 74, a mass meeting was
held, and two of the Boullits, the
Parish Attorney and another ofieer,
requested to resign.
There were fivAe or sir hundred men
at the meeting, some of them from
other parishes.
The witness narrated an attempt to
assassinate him at the court-house,
where he was fired at three times and
nlade a Iniraculous escape. lie had
then to leave the parish.
I was told a manl in high position,
Col. Win. M. Levy, a very old part.
tier and friend, had enmployed two
Texans to take my life. Tins I can
prove by reliable witnesses.
A negro mlan was shot ubecaulse hei
hand snappe a cap at a white mian. I
don't say this was for political pur
poses. I think there were White
Leagues in the parish ; men were
arnmed, and the colored mlen were
afraid to go aboult ait nlight.
The nmajority of thie I: ullblican.s in
iny parish oughit too have been 1-00,
and at tile election it was only (;.
The parish is not safe nIow for lRe
publicans; I am told that I would
be hung if I returned.
I had a dificulty with Col. Levy,
but will not state the circumstances.
As far as I know, the murders com
mitted in the parish were not for po
litical purloses. At one poll in
Natchitoches 170 colored nlenlicould
not vote, and about 300 did not reg
ister.
Tile bad feeling amrong the people
has only existed since last July; be
fare this the parish was very quiet.
I'lhis discontent is probably due to
the desire for office among the pro
ple. Another canuse for ill feeling is
the large debt which burdens the
parish, contracted partly by )emo
crats and lelmpublicans. The tax rate
is about 8.per cent. Land is assess
ed at $1)0 per acre. The people have
the greatest respect for the National
Governmenlt.
The Fnsion ticket carried the par
ish in. '72. There was no intimida
tion then.
Mr. Hoar-You state that the col
ored vote in 72 was smaller than it
was in 74, and yet there was intitni
dation in '74 and nomne in '72. How
do you account for this !
Pierson-I decline to answer that
question.
Mr. Hoar-You were supervisor in
'72, and don't wish to criminate your
self.
Witness-Nearly all the white men
who came from the country put on
badges and voted as policemen, and
tiLe prevented 500 colored men from
voting.
Gen. Morrows ,Report.
People Loyal to the United States.
NO INTIMIDATION OF NEGROES.
Marshals and Troops Brutal in their
Arrests of Innocent Parties.
GRANT AND SHERIDAN CONTRADICTED.
On the 16th day of December,
Emory telegraphed: Since my die
ratch of yesterday inform-ation comes
which I think justifies the conclusion
that personal violence and armed
contlict will not be used by contes.
ting parties to settle the pen
ding political troubles in this city.
Under date of Shreveport, December
II, 174, Lieunt. Col. Morrow makes a
brief report of his investigation in
that vicinity, in anticipation of a
longer report, which lie says lie will
write out subsequently. After stating
that there is no use of muore troops in
that vicinity, he says an arrange
ment has been made between tihe
United States civil authorities here
and certain prominient citizens under
whikh It is more than probable there
will be no further calls for troops to
act as posse to marshals. If this shall
follow from the arrangement referred
to, the army will be relieved from a
most unpleasant and onerous duty
and a great cause of local irritation of
afhirs in the parishes of Caddo and
DeSoto, I reserve my opinion until
I have had fuller opportunity for
forming one; but this much I may
say, it is not such as to give any
ground of apprehension on the part
of the Cotmuanding General of se
rious disturbances of any kind, at
least not at present. It Is not to be
disguised, however, that local dis
turbances of a very serious character
may take place in the event of the
Returning Board, now in sessionin_
New Orleans, ruling out tihe votes of
the parishes for moere technical rea
son.
lie goes on to say that resistance
and secure to the people a clhaunge of
local administration, to which they
claim to be entitled as the result of
the late eleetien. He continues: In
all I have said it is important to un
derstand that so far as relates to the
United States there is not the alight
est disposition to oppose the General
Government, but the opposition to
the State Government is determined
sand expressed, and will manifest it
self in open violence whenever and
wherever it asserts itself.
On the 24th of December Lient.
Col. Morrow, then in New Orleans,
submits a detailed report of his in
vestigation. Its main concelusions are
the same a. those above given in his
skeleton report. He expresses the
opinion that the troops may be safely
withdrawn from Alexandria, Colfax
and Natchitoches, and need not be
increased at any other point to com
pel obedience to the laws of the U.
S. thouegh he adds: "Troops will be
required, however, in nearly every
section of the State to sustain the
State authorities, if Congress, by ap
propriate legislation, does not give
some relief." He says lie is aware of
the fact that the Federal troops have
not been ordered into parishes except
on requisition of the civil authorities;
but recommends that stringent or
ders be given to the officers to ex
ercise caution, and not to furnish pea
sea except in cases where a marshal
unaided has tried to serve his process
and failed, and has made application
to the eitizens for lroler assistance
and been refused. This he i,-l;:, vs
to be good policy as well ..; ~ ;,d
law, and if strictly adhered to fiw.
er demanlds will be made on !he. mil
itary. lie says that theI genr:al c:o,-.
dition of affairs on the i:U,.d iver" i4
bad. Respect amld e:ird for th,,
General Governmient atre tclxpred.,
by all classes of Ipeople, but th-y :,,,
express open contemplt anid de0ciulc'
of the authority of the Stat;e (;.vr,.r;
ment. This dissatisf:actio,,n m:ul dis.
content afllect il the depa'rtm nt d o
business, and the whole ap;,.ect of th,,
country has a look of poveltvy adl
neglect. The law lhas tlti iiato, dis.
regard anid disrepute atnl the jiildgs
ati openly charged with cr:iup:ioU.
United States deputy ui;:rc:h1is hlavr
used soldiers in cases 'xiCcet t.le:,
.was no necessity fotr Ihet: ia : a :e
parishes have dlischam gld tleir du!ti,
in aln unnecessarily h1;rsh" mar:c;:.
Col. Morrow gives the fidlowing ;a
his deep-seated conviction : .
The present State (:over 'nment can.i
not maintain itself in power ;u .aing,
hour without the pIotetctionl of Fed.
eral troops, and even vitlh this pro
tection, they will ntot be alI~e to col
lect taxes and perform the fl;icti,,au
of the Government. 'hle S;t!e Gov.
ernmeut has not the cmifidence u!r
respect of any portion of the cemtnu.
nity. Further on he says. if the ex.
pressions of thle people are to b, hbe-.
lieved, and I do believe then, there
is a very sincere desire to live qulietiv
under the protection of the Coustitj
tion of the United States atnd eajo,
the blessings of the National Gov.
ernment ; but there is no disguisin,
the fact that the pro tection atliued
by the Federal Administ:ration to the
present State Executive is the C:tLI.e
of bitter personal and politica! feel
ing in the breasts of nin-,teen-tween.
tieths of the white iuhabi:;ants of the
State.
ui forwarding this report. Decemn.
her 27, Gen. Emory says: "For near
ly two years the condition of affairs
has been very preeat 'lts, and the
State Governmen:t has constantly
shown itself unmble to coipe with the
difficulties of the situation in which
it is placed. This state of things iM
daily growing worse, and I columend
the subject to serious conr.sideration.
The mission of the army, to keep
peace without the power of removiung
causes which disturb, has, I think,
been carried as far as practicable, and
I therefore respectfully recoummend
that, if it can be done, the powers of
the military commander be greatly
increased, or some other measure he
resorted to, to obtain the desired end.'
Genm. Sherman makes the following
indorsemnent :
HEADQUARTERS OF TIE A Rtn,
St. Louis, Jan. 4, 1875.
This paper is most respectfully for.
warded to the Secretary of War, with
a request that he submit it fEr the
perusal of the President. I knotv of
no officer of Col. Morrow's rank who
is better qualified to speak and write
of a matter like this, and his opinions
are entitled to great consideration.
I profess to have somine knowledge
of the people of that section, both
white and black, from a long res
idence amuong thelm before the war,
anmd several visits since, hut I shall
not introduce my opinion iii the con
fusion in which the subject is now en
veloped.
W. T. SHF.uMAi , General.
The sanctimonious snddle-eolred
Amanidab Sleek iRafi, Ilhmmt, claiming
to represent the Natchitoches anl
DvSuto District in the State Senate,
recently testified befomre tlhe Congres
sional Investigating Commtittee, that
lie drew a salary of $1Oi) per neouth
as a school teacher, h:df of which he
gave tusome one to do the womk-a
clear gain of $50 per month for Bluat.
This same hypocritical cuss some
time ago declined to accept the po
sition of postmaster of Natchitocheh
on the grounds thaut tile rules of thle
Department required him to work oan
the fabbath day, which was contrary
to his religious principles: yet time
canting humbug reconciles it with
his "religious principls" to rob the
Community of $50 per month. I
faet, however, his only reason tfor not
accepting the postmastership was
that there was Ibmt little money in it.
--Shreveport Times.
PLAIN QUESTIOxS FOR INYvALIDS.
Have the routine medicines of the
profession done you no goodt? Are
you diseouraged and mliserable? If
so, test tile propelrties of thie new
Vegetable 8pacific, Dr. Walker's Cal
ifornia Vinegar Bitters alreadr fa
mous as thie finest invigorant, correC
tive and alternative, that has ever
seen the light. Dyspeptics and pier
sonsof billions habit should kee, it
within reach, if they valne healtJ~ and
ease.
No, Senators, do not deceive your
seles. No man will be permitted te
obscure the grave Constituntionalques
tion before is with any iide istues,
for from whatever point of view yoa
conmtemplate it, consideration of law,
of moral right, of justice, of thie pub
lic policy and the colmmon welfare
puts thile deed done in Louisiana only
in a stronger lighit as a lawless trans*
gression of arbitrary power pregnanot
with wrong and disaster; we mast
face it, and as we are men with the
responsibility of gtuardians of tihe
Constintuton and laws upon as we
must face it boldly.
Eztract firomu gmeat Speech of Cearl
Sclilluz in the Senate of time United
States.
TESTIMONY OF EnIVAItI, EZERnAC
BEFORE TFIHE COsIMITTEE.---Resides in
Natchitmclhes Ipariish, anid a.in.rt.ed that
there was eonsideralIle i:timidaision
of colored voters belifore the election.
IHad to leave thle parish shortly af'er
tile election, bhocause lhe fe-ared being
killed. Thinks about 511) Republi
cans did uot reEiter'. The witness
related that ihe wasre shlot at one night,
anad thereafter tlhought it best to leave.
Belierves the White League to be mon
armed organization, but never Sttw
theum drill.