-tl~ t a iixa ,
Advertising liate( ut iuitlitii I
square4 ...I i J ,iý m ei.5 1 m h SRP R, ut Iron j t(
lgiii i 9' i Hni C5 OSCRO 2E 111 Ioo
3 N1naI'C ~ 14.1n1 3 i U jul 211 :!2 5 liii :J Ii III ) -5u _________ - -- - -41
4Aqua rve* Iý,ý,,,1 111 lii lii,11 1i) ----- THEi~i XV E LF.':X1{ OFIR PEPI 1SFl4 L CJ SUPREM L:. .
21qai' Id .i j 0i thu I) 4i J fill 45 iii' --it itt
7 ~a r- h.144 ,7 i ' iiniG IN) -i - ----- - -- - '---------- - -- ---- -._..-------... ___ __ _ -- -_ -
--- r4. ,o Wino and Nathitche ]Parishes.mk
1 Official Organ of the White Citizens of Red River, abine nnand acitohes. 1 .
gO rsiji2fl - 212 12111 il miii].~n 2 11 - - -
- 1 an A - - -
- squr-." a- r'1 II !III 1111'i11_u, 11111 ýýIIs 111th).. .
ý ý NA CHTO HE L MARCH 24. 187.N .2."'"
AnRIvAI.s AND l).l'AlRTUIT(.;S.
Alexandria to Natchitoches.
ArriralB . Depvt rtu res.
TnIeday 4 p. m. Thiriday 9 a. m. FRON
Friday 4 p. In. Saturday 9 a. im.
Sunday 4 p. m. Monday 9 a. m.
Natchitoches to Shreveport. G0AN)
Tnesday 9 a. m. Tuesday 9 a. m.
Thursday 9 a. In. Thursday 9 a. i.
Saturday 9 a. uI. Saturday 9 a. in. direct fror
Natchitoches to Texas. kets, ouas
Tnesday it p. inm. Monday 7 a. in.
;aturday 6 p. in. Thursday 7 a. in
Natchitoches to Minden. CLO
Tnesday G p. im We'nles!da~. in
b'ridav 6 n. m
Natchitoches to Wiunlielid.
Tuesday 12 m. Tuesday I p. nu.
.riday 12 m, Friday I p. ui.
ALL MAIL, ('li)SE AT 6 A. M.
Office fhours-from 7 A. M. to 12 M. WARE,
and from 2 ' to 6 r M. LA
W. D. 1tlnrKNts. L
Post Master.
-- - In tact,
Professional Cards, A fll 1
All of wb
W. H. JACK. D. PIERS)ON
gjaol, cue Pierson.
Attorneys Ital Counselors at LateL Clle eton
NATCIIITOCIIES, LA. satisfy `'
ILT praetice in the Courts of Natechitoches. try produ
Sabine. I)D~ito, R4'd River, 1Winn. Rapides arch
sad Grant, and in the, Supreme Court of the
State. Claims promptly attended to.
March `1--Iy .
I. J. Cnnningham, T. P. ihaplin.
J. II. Cunninghatm.
Cunningham, Chaplin &
Cunningham.
Attorneys and Counselors at Law.
St. Denis St., Natchitoches, La. 4
WILL practice in the courts ot Rap
ides, Grant, Winn, Sahine. DeSoto, elry ca
Red River and Natchitoches, and the
Supreme Court of the State.
(laims pi .nptly attended to in any and W
part of the U:iion. March 25-ly ly,
Dr. WTi . 3Pore1 for ffis
MEIDICINE and SURGERY. Feb.
OFFICE on '1'. DENIS STREET,
NATCHITOCIIES, LA. Bc
Calls to the Country promptly at
tended to. L. A
Refers to Drs. F. Johnson, .1. S. Stephens, C.
mK.n andl G. . E 041he pie- Mtus BUlilard
ACampbell, Carver & Taylor, Trichel & Airey
adCol R. E. Burke.
April 8.-Iy
Business Cards.
_- -----ý --- ---_=__- Roos
.A. BULLARD. N. II. CAMPBELL OO
Bullard & Campbell, Th(
--)EA.R. IN in fac
DRY GOODS, trave
GROCERIES, Tal
HARDWARE, kets:
And General Merch.ndise. Att
Corner Funo\tr LAFAYEITTE Street, uest
KXatchitoches, La. this 1
R{GHEST cash price paid for cotton and
cona..t~ produce in cash or merchandise.
Fil
John C. Triohel theo
(Walmsloy's Brick Building,)
Washington Street, Natchitoches, La.
Wholesale and Retail Dealer in
Dry Goods, Groceries,
HAr8,
CAPS,
BOOTS, I
SHOES,
and General MERCHANDISE
g·' Highest prioe paid for Cotton and
thar Country produce, in Cash or Mer
ehandase.
March 9t1Sy.
heoo Sohiuriman, ~
--DEAILER IN
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES, and
GENERAL MERCHANDISE
' S.1 FRONT and ST. DENIS Streets
tatehitoches, La.
I Marh 2-ly.
'ter*Veuleman,
-DEALER IN- C
'AfMlL Y GROCERIEb ki:
A Ill smortmelt of WALL-PAPER con
stantly on hand.
Si eal inducements to CAHsn Cnetomers. .
WASINGTON STREET,
h 17. Natchitoohee, La.
2.. U. DBmUlt.H ,
-4sealer in
PFaoNlr Eri , Natchitooese, L a.
O. SalolfathN
: Boot and Shoe Maker.
EAI. AtJ ~IGES the world for neatness
SV ra1 dtabilitv of work. LSatisfacti
ad material guaranteed
, , · hopn St. De nim t,
A,. U Laemee,
NOTARY PUBLIC.
uder Vindicator Oftece,)
VT. DENIS STREET,
:IAtlTCHIPPCbTOOI1 t T.A
, C .i l 1.. 1[,TIliCIl. T
C,@l""a & Dietrich,
(Lacoste Building)
FI'RONT St., NATCIITOCIIES, La.
GrlANI opening of a NEW MAMMOTH
SPRING and SUMMER STOCK,
direct from the New Orleans and Easter mar
kets, dounsisting in!part of'
DRY GOODS,
CLOTHING,
BOOTS,
SHIOES,
GROCERIES,
CROCKERY,
HIARD
WARE, &C, &c.
LADIES AND GENTS'
FURNISIING GOODS.
In tact,
A full line of GOODS tor the conntry trade
All of which they are solliung at hlss than NEW
ORLEANS PRICES
FOR CASHI.
Call and examine the largest and monst cornm
plete' toc k over brought to this market and
satisfy vourselves as to their prices.
: Hlighest price paid for ('otton and coun
a try produce, in cash or merchanllise.
March 23i-ly.
Ti
JAlS. T. i.INGr, Ti
T1
lPractical TI
WATCHMAKER,
Sa -AND
S ao Jewelor.
WVltclhes, Clocks, and Jew
elry carefully repaired and warranted. h
Standard TIME Kept ti
and Watches set and regulated correct
ly, freet of charge.
A thil lot of WATCIIHES and CLOCKS
fir sale cheap.
(Ofice on St. Denis st., Ieltwe'n 2d & 3d.)
Feb. 3-1y.
Boarding House.
L. I. B UR DICK, Prop rietor.
"' (Corner Y,'ONT and TOULINE >is.)
NATCIIITOCIIE8, LA.
EVERYTHING NEW.
ROOMS ELEGANTLY FURNISIIEI).
The only First-Class House in the cily
in fact the only house where transient
travelers can be accommulated.
Tables supplied with the best the mar
kets afford.
Attentive waiters and the comfort of
guests in every particular guaranteed.
Hacks run in connection with this
this house.
TERMS MODERATE.
Files of daily papers will be found in
the office.
r-
' Theo. ~E aller,
Coper, Tin and Sheet-iron worker.
-DEALER IN
Stoves, Tinware and House Furnishing
Ats GOODS,
Washington St.,........Natchitothes, La
Sole agent for the Unrivalled
BUCK'S BRILLIANT
Cooig:ng Stoves.
T Gutters, Pipes, Metalic roofing and al
I0 kinds repa!ring, done with dispatch.
on- A iberal I as 'unt to country trade.
March 25-1y
LUMBER!.
LUMBER.
-AT
Winm. TR A MMELL' S
STEAM SAW MILL, Five Miles South of
Natchitooches.
Is prepared to furnish at short notice
below cash plices.
WM. TRAMMELL.
Feb. 24-ly
JOSEPH C. KEYSER,
Brlckmaker and Layer.
I PREPARED to do all work entrusted
to him quickly and in a workmanlike
manner. Tomb, Chimneys, Cisterns and
other work solicited.
Orders left at BULLARD & ,CAMP
BELL vWil be promptly attended toe
Jan. 27, ly.
i'~ HEED THE PIFT;
TI" r' PILLS
II W ords of Advice, IL
r"iT"( ,:SPE CTF ILLY offered hy ILLLS
TII' TT. 1. Tr I.. .for manY PILLS FI
1 e' trc I)'lll llln ratOr of AllatolY iin PIn L LS
i 'lT " Thirty %ear'' 'xperienel In the PILLS
TI'TT S practiei of nierlelne. to "ther with PILLS
T 'I'Tr Sft'eil yte1a.' le;t of TittUs I'ilI, PILLS \
TI"I'TS ni I t h. tli tii irls of tentltionlall PILLS
TI' TT'S glen of thi'lr ellicnev. warrlant nme PILLS
TI".fT',S I I l \l" that thli will Ioýltivcly PILLS
T FT' i t. ll d "iver 'es lhlt ireult from a PILLS
T I ýlienued liver. They are not rtc- PILLS
TUTT'S ,inimtIded for all the Wi that attlict PILLS
TUTT'S huulanity. but for L),V11iel.la. ,1an- PILLS -
L) TUTT'S dire. Cn(,ititlltinln. Plh. Skint ils- PILLS
T'I'U T' Sose'. liiilous 'Collc. ltheuactiliil, PILLS
,r. T'. 1l". Itulliltaiipnl of thi IIaRt. Kidnhhey PILLS
.r ITT'C AtfV, to ~. lf'etn:lleConilSllhlt-t &C,, PILLS 1'
T'all of whillh result fromu a deraulIe- PILLS g
TUTr'ITI"'f'T'FS VE;E'rA.ILE LIVER PILLS,
TUI"I" ........ .... . · PILLS
ro i'S CURIE l IIE.\ EADACHIE PILLS
TT'S ............ ................. PILLS
TUTT'S TUT'i" PIY LB PLILLS
TITT'S IREQUIIRE N" CUIAN.GE OF PILLS
'TDIET. D'II I, LLS
TUTT'S PILLS
TI''I"S ............................. PILLS
TUTT'S T'rT'I" I' lPlLS PILLS
TUlT'll"' ARE PIU'REIY VEGErABLE.: PILLS
TUTT'S ........................................... PILLS
TI .TT'S ................................... . ... . PILIS
TUTTS
TEDTT'S' TF'I'T'. PtL Il i ILLS
TUI"T'S iNEYVEI GRIPE Ott NAUSE- PILLS
TIl T' ATE. PILLS
TUTT'S ..ne. PILLS
TUT'TT'S TIlt FpI MSI, FOR TUTT'S PILLS
TUTT'S PItl. Ie. no-t cotifi ltd o t this PILLS
TUTT'S collinrv, hol ,.tuds o all arts P I , 1LS
TUTT'S :of lit wrld. PILLS
TUTT'S PILLS
e . .............................. PILLS
TUITT'S P::. PILLS
S TUTT'S A C**EAR IIEAD,),.inticlilet, PILLS
'' TUTT'. ":ol di.sti'n. ,und el'cp,R PILLS
TUTT'S buoyant spiiits, fine appetite, PIL9
TUFT'S are Pon-, of the I.rsults of the? PILLS
TUT'T'S use of TUTrr'S lILLS. PILLS
T 'TT ..................................... PILLS
T'UTT'S PILLS
TUT' ... . . ......................... PILLS
m TUrT' S AS A FAIIIIY MEIIICINE PIILS
uI T I'T'I"S TU'IT'S 1'lI.S .,5 'l FILE PILLS
TI'TT'S II.;lT--IEtir'E(rI ,Y ilAItR- IPILLS
TIUT'I"S I ES.ILLS
ln TUFT'S PILLS
TUTT'S '''""'"IL ur' ILLS
TUT'r1's 501,) VEtY:VII, PILLS
TI'TT'S PRICE, TWENTY-FIVE CTS. PILLS
TUTT' I..................... LLS
TUT'' .. ...................... PILLS
TUTT'S PRINCIPAL OFFI I E PIL1.d
TUTT'S IS MURRAY NTRtEET, PILLS
TUTT'S NEW YORK. PIILLS
TUT T'S ....................... ... ................ PILLS
DR. TUTT'S "I
EXPECTORANT, ,
This unrivaled preparation has per
formed some of the most astonishing S1
cures that are recorded in the annals of
history. Patients suffering for years from 1h
the various diseases of the Lungs, after b
trying different remedies, spending thou- n
sands of dollars in traveling and doctor- tl
ing, have, by the use of a few bottles,
entirely recovered their healtk.
"WON'T GO TO FLORIDA." '
New York. August 30,1879,
DR. TUTt: 1
Dear Bir:-When in Aiken, last winter, I used your
Expectorant for my cough. a"n realized more benefit
from it than anything I ever took. I am so well that
I will not go to Florida next wi.ter as I intended.
Bend me one dozen bottles. by exprass. for some
friends. ALFRED CUSHING.
. 1" :3 SWestThirty-frst Street.
Boston, January 11, 1874.
This certifles that I have reoommended the use of
Dr. Tutt's Expectorant for diseases of the lungs I
for the past two years, and to my knowledge many
bottles have been used by my patients with the hap
piest results. In two oases where it was thought con
firmed oonsamption had taken plaoe the Expectorant
,. efeoted a oure. R.H. BPRAGUE, M.D.
"We can not speak too highly of Dr. Tutt's Ex`
peotorant, and for the sake of suffering humanity
Slope it may become more generally known."--CBalI
TIAN ADVOCATr.
Sold by i)rugglats. Price S1.00
Oscar Ch.opi; old
COTTON FACTOR Jet
aDI
-ANI)-- vol
COMMISSION MERCHANT, w
No 65 CARONDELET ST.,
July I-ly New Orleans. to
L. wALTIEY. It. t, WALM)SLEY gt
C. L. WALMSLEY & CO, t
COTTON FACTORS ite
-AN'D- 
GENERAL COMMISSION lERCiHANTS. st
Perdido St., New Orl-ans, La.
MarcIh5-lY. _
a a
he
ýi Hi
m Si
forwarding merhant
solicit a continuance of your patronage.o
Respectfully,
CHAMBERS & BARBEE.
Grand Ecore, March 14,1877.
ADE LER i
in every town in
'the South for the
In i of rmovcelebra - d
SWEED
.SEWING
servic eesto t leirneda lightest running,
molt da contiurable and popular Matrhine made.
WEED EWING M& CIIINE 0C.,
No. 182 Canore, Mtr, New Orleanu
Web.1.- i ,-1.
Feb. 17.- -1Y j
I'm Almost. EHoie.
BY \V. C. J.
S For tlhree, sore Years, lifi's rtact 1'," run.
.\ w nitlreri still in lift., I roam,
9 i~nt now. I'm in lif1.'s ,ettinf sun,
S\lnd IT iost ho1 l --i'11 ailll s i t holtue.
"'The ticds ows tvh 1 tlh'n on my wayr ,
'h, light is tldarkenig 'round the tomb,
l ' pint as more. ifaint th l lunvlirnn ray.
S l'nt alnouslt lhoielint1 a11 e nttiO't lhoue.
8 It's icy w:te 1 shall no ti, ar,
T'm atltmost home--I'm :d._m t 1.... o
'Tis dust that's dtlstind ftr the tomb,
S'ihe spirit ,ays, in humn'l trTstt,
J \ spirit w mlcome, Nwh'n I om n.
.\d s\on those spirit flih-ls I'll meet,
•3 1'uI' alnost home--ln alnost hone.
LS
s \VWhat tho' unnnuilt'rid lusts are there,
I' \l I Savioir says there \'t is room,
LS \way, away, all earthly fitear,
LS
[ flaitth holds her ibrilliant torch on, high,
LS I ,eath's dreary crossing to ill ue,
LS \1d the last hitte'r, stru, iliim; sigh,
LS Will waft u ie hoite -w\ill waft ,i1 hone.
LS Chen I'll not a:tfear to ilI the last,
L' Nor tr" bl,' wlhen the su(mmons ome',
i's \ Ioi, ent's pa ng,. ain d all is p1,t.
,LS ,1 i . I'tt, o, n' -... . Intl ltw', I'm home.
' 1' m Blue Graus on the Sope. .
ILLS an .FrIicisco Eren;in! Post.-P-is please
ILLS cilia Hoplightly, a maiden lady of un- O
ILL certin age, broke her arm in Sacra- i- less
ILL nto o Saturday. She caine to this
ILLS it yesterday, took a suit of rooms in The c
t lea inghotel,atnd ordered the FrenchLo
ILLS plate glass in the lower sash to be
'LLS ,º'ned by niazarin'e blue. tlhe result Spotfor
being that the lady's arm was entirely or of t
healed in two hours.
The most wonderful case which came Lx-G
T under the reporter's observation was lina, is
that of a Kearny street dry goods ter Coll
clerk who became enamored of a
perh young society lady of the city. He ton.
Is of lost his appetite, cared no more for
from his frugal lifteen-cent poodle dog
after breakfasts, and languished day and last.
thou- night. Matters finally became so lad res
ctor- that lie neglected his business, confid r
)ttles, ed his secret to people whom he never his So
saw before, attended church, read been g
1 poetryand eventually lost his position.
S lie was not only hopelessly in love, of the
but despairingly onut of pockt, lie stone
odyoar w1s reduced to the last extremity and
ell that had fully resolved upon suicide, and
tended. was walking down markect street Sun- M1orto
ar some day afternoon with the intention of unlib
. in off the wharf in full view. of
the crowed teamers and Oakland o
tou.. fterry-boats, when a ray of light re HayeS
luna l,.eted from a strip of blue glass in told.
e munl front of a Mlarket street store shone a
the hap- upon hi, transfixed himi to the spot, lei
ghtOon- and cured him instantly. His appe- the E:
-ot tile returned, his heart bounded withl
SEx an undefinable pleasure, and was
,mty cured! But better still, his recent Blain,
c--cas employer drove up with a spanking ators
te(am and luvitedhimln to a drive to Beck,
the ClitY House, where the two par
took of a sumptuous dinner, and the was
33. old gentleman concluded by giving well,
Jenkins a half interest in his business
and a very broad hint that a certain setts,
young lady whom the old gentleman Imissi
wouldn't name, but who lived not a r. I
A thousand mfiles from nhis (the O. G's)
...,use, was very much' interested in Atto
Jenkins, and wouldn't he come over trict
Ins. to dinner on Tuesday ? 9,
The reporter has heard of other in
rALMSLEY stances of the wondertful efficacy of tres
blue glass, in one case where a broker
, CO; tumbled" to a "point" by which he
cleared $30,000 just by looking in- as tl
tently at a piece of blue glass on the
pavement. As a purely blueglass TI
HARTS. story, the above is decidedly a pleas- sion
aut 'un! coni
A MULTIPLICATION OF CURES.-A ~
conductor on the Stonington Road has
been troubled for several months with Dell
a stiffness of the neck. Not long ago j
he entered the freight office and took
a seat by the side of the agent's desk. La.,
He fouind that he was sitting in the Sta
rays of the sun which passed through
a pane of blue glass in an ornamental ers
window. As he felt better after j
the sun-bath, he made it a point to sit.
in front of the window every morning.
Since then hiti neck has been perfectly abc
well.
A young lady has been confined to
her house for over a year with an ill- ma
ness that mendered her unable to move
about, and it has become necessary to
carry her about the house Blue glass wit
was purchased and placed in her
room, and immediately a change was 1
apparent. She began to grow strong- i
er, and is now able to move about in T
her accustomed manner, and her
health is improvin each day. gr
h. The most remarkable case of all is
O, that of a grocer doing business in the
e: Ware- north part of the city who has been li
offer our troubled with a paralyzed leg for i
iving and twenty yearns. H was unable to
move it in any way and coulil only St.
espectfullv drag it as he walked. Hearing of blue tu
ttronage. glass, he purchased some and had it
ArBEE. placed in his room. He has only
used it one week, and yet the use of
his leg has been entirely restored,
- i r A gentleman on Spring street, who or
:ALEDR is the owner of a pet dog, went into
ANTED his yald the other morning and found
y tforn inthe the animal lying on the ground with
t tod convaitions and blind staggers. The
gentleman had a eash of blue glass in W
'EED his house, and hIe took the dog in and fr
placed him on the floor where the blue
iVING rays were falling. The animal had
laid there but five minutes when a
ach1em. change took place, and in a few mo- a
unents he was on his' feet as well as
tt ranning, ever.
chine made. _, _ _ .-_ _
it the Cen- The following cypher despatch from Y
field to Tilden is now printed for the b
Ofered. first time "Gneup,, Da unit, Play
edoat, Empty Ban's, Mules Busted,
incompoop, Croniniolse, Eclipsed,O
INE CO., Bill, Ten Thousand, Forkover, Jloe
ew Orleans 'bradley, Infernal, Hartisan, Hayet-ok
Vale, Dead, Dnck fiel(V
0-eneral News and Notes.
Stanley Mathews has been 1nahe. 'I
elected Senator from Ohio, illn il.ltonian
Sphlace of John Sherian appoint- wlit to .
1870, and;
ed Secretary of the Treasury. Ihi 1,MI, e,
Troops will be removed from tw"rhv '
('Vii, St:u
the South and take their place o sleigh, a I
the frontier. hurt ,by I
ý" in h~is put
Col Tyner has been appointed iting i t
ir, Assistant lPostmstiiiter (General. so to see
lie will have charge of Northern to I),ston
('ililal Key will"loosk to those ing that
of the South. shouh be
Chamberlain has shilpped his mother h:
private property North, and has iher prom
gone to Washington to see Hayes she' assr1
ill Il 0'S0 II. Soon hat'(
till, alhot
VV tanley Mathews requested Iother lett
'Paekard, by letter, to withdraw the girl
his claims to the Governor-ship of was Ill.
taken to
Louisiana. Packard refuised, say- son, ho
ing; "hlie would rather die in de- that nihi
defence of his rights('') than re a f.wl,
eeive the plaudits of the white at her hd'
League mob," froti lher
thiet Mr
Fred. D)ouglass has been ap- :3:.lic.
Spointed U. S. Marshal for the D)is- crn.
trict of Columbia. This does not Fac
i please many lawyers. Mr. E
Our Legislature will continue i hermaº
Sin session until 30th April. Iowa; 1
Mhis Schurz i
in The contest for U. S. Senator in esseC; a
º b Louisiana is between Gibson and setts.
sit Spofttord, with the chances in fa- ftlnr iE n
ITr. E,:v
ely vor of the latter. ,man 54,
me Ex-Gov. Aiken, of South Caro- .In ,
wa lina, is mentioned as an appointee educate
, lfor Collector of the Post of Charles- Sherma
fa $Mr. 11t
He ton. ditto
for The Senate adjourned Monday many;
dog Tennes
and last. 'prnni
add President Iiayes is still firm in setts.
Aid Genera
ver his Southern policy-Blaine has ,irner
ead been ground to death in the mills vention
love, of the gods-butting against the in the
lie stone wall of )public opinion is f Rel
of c
ani what's the matter with Blaine. in the
Sun- Morton limlps tl'ound, weak and is ili
Sof unable to cope with the fearfiul States
arc of Sie
Jid odds of 33 D)emocrats and 10 in Ten
re Hayesites, in the vote of S78 all tor, a
, 1o told. The N. Y. World and other
spt, leading Democratic journals of er,
ppe- the East still insist on fighting the ada, i
kili Hayes policy, right or wrong. recoil
was thinty
',ent Blaine wanted the Southern Senll- tse
nking ators to help him tight Hayes; by i
iv to Beck, of Kentucky, told himu "it ig'
par-. Abouat
d the was no funeral of ours." Bout- friend
iving well, ex Senator from MAlassachu- disco
ertain setts, has been appointed Com- all m
eman missioner to revise Statutes. OGeo. of lii
not a t. Duskin has been nominated naki
ite Attorney for the Southern Dis 1
over trict of Alabama. nor
her in Matilda Herron, the great Ac
cV of tress, is dead. rectit
li The war cloud in Furope is not he,
g il- as threatening as it was, the I
on thii d es
wgiass The vote in the executive ses
pleas- ion of the U. S. Senate on the testi
confirmation of Postmaster Gene- Te
r.-A al Key, was, yeas 54, nays 2, o ac
oad has Ky yas'ofIn
s wit l)emocrats. to
og ago J. C. Eagan Esq., of llomer, of at
La., has been appointed assistant thi
in the State Attorney General, by Gov
roul ernor Nicholls.
r after Red River continues to fall rap- IP
tornig idly at Shreveport and points Clo'
orning. hii
rfetly above. afte
ined to Small Pox is raging fearfiully in mea
an ill- many parts of the State. New Or- lel
t eo f s islea earn, afflicted greatly bey
tasar-y to u s elaw
m e glass with this peast. ok
The latest from New Hampshire
strong- indicates a heavy Republican gain. P
bout il The l)emocrats electing one Con Lo
gressman of the three.
in t The New Orleans Times, Pica- .
has been yune, and Democrat, urge action tin
legblo in the matter of electing a United yo
ulonl States Senator, upon our legisla- n11
igof blue ture. yo
iid had it y
has only Gen. Trobrion recognized the
e u oe Nicholls Govelrnment by turning an
rt, wh over to Boylan, Chief of Police, a f)
wemt into soldier murderer. fo
nod with It is reported that Don Cameron at
erglass will succeed his father, as Senator of
lgoin and from Pennsylvania. p
-e the blue a 9
imal had Joseph L. Lewis, for many years th
f fw mo- an old merchant ih New York, I
ss well as died a few days since in Hoboken,
_, J., at the advanced age of 86
, arch from yeart. He was an Englishman by c
ed for the birth, had no relatives and willed e
nit, Play- all his pipett, amounting to
m E listed, over $1,000,(000, 'to the Govern
over, Joe- ment ista colitiibtYtioin to pay off
- Hayet-ok the national de$bt.
A Romnt:ice.
linc'heSter, lMin;nesota, has a ro l:Ir'an
l iia 'ce. The stlly is that a y. n"l) atul :I "hI
i il..tonian, namled (Charlton S`anlton, ý Singular c
'went to :lilmesota for his health in
I71t, and at lncihestet melt, loved nit 'I'her A il
tee.in ecngagtd to Mary lhillip., a '*ui h hi- I
worlthy, irl. I'Unfli tunately, how in t lie 1
Sti'.'l'er, tillt tOll w ,s therow Ill 1'0lln t of i his hlit
sleigh, a few mouths after, and fatally
hurt ,by the dis haru'te ofit a revlver A blueil
in his pocket. His mother, then vis- :
iting at Chigo leachedl him in sea- I luel.t co
Ssou to see himl die, and then returdi4 "be blow
to lIoston. The I.oor ;;ii hteard in
1Wntl... g!'.* i tot '1ron1' ;i' Staltai fo she I6i';1t i l'the
leinn that yni et. lt l idyin :Il., ' de her tn like ti
pro lise [liat t'.5,000, hialf of his estate, "n anse
should f i' ¶.ivIn Ito s .lis. Phillips theil Ned thl
is t mother hl.ostl, ed the faltilment of caled P
only remaining son hadl just died,and tlA iel
s Ishe assurdi the gill that she sho.hl 1dlic
soon have her money. Months passed,
till, FaLCt Thanksidving time, n.- Many
d other let ter ifromi Mrs. Stanton Ibegged ';iither's
fiw the irl to oest to lnston, for t she S , at the
. was Itll. Miss Ilillips went and was ,ght e of 1
iaken to a Ix. Mrious home,t not too
aY' soon, however, forl Mrs. Steanton died "a i tl
Mer. thaI night. 1t Rle lppears not to lightly ts
haIve iotrgtton hat er ledftg, fI;orit; iin in the
•ea fer days .lise Ighillil) s has received, stronglo
dte at her home, ýt, los, the amount ldue
from her lover's est; ate, r.ith the news A as
thi st Mrs. Stanton hasd w illed her tell it
al- :$3 .000.- Sp 'rinqgfichl (.la .sý.) lepubli- one of hi
is a.the poor
ot Facsts About the cabinet.ats Th1
Mr. Evarts lives in New York ; Mr. "hn hy is
1 Setrman in Ohio; . r. McCrary i suicide e
Iowa ; o Mr. Thompson in Indiana ; Mr. has in
i ett. To member live n tie IiT ef er te Easti rial
man 5-1, Mr. McCrary 12, Mir. Thomp- Let'M al
are-' son 6te, Mr. Shurz 51. r. Key 43 andulon T
Mr. Devins a M . Mr. Evarts o G as aer y
tee educated at Yale and Havard ; Mr.
las" Sherlman at good Common schools; Alh :
Mr. McCrary lditto; Mr. Thompson een ca
ditto; Mh. Schurs at Bonn, in d ee, - oncbrie
day many ; Mr. Key at Ho v t assie College, exer
Toennesee; and Mr. Dlevins at a Net A
Sprominent institutio ino Ma ssach-ll nlr 'v e
in setts. Mr. Evarts has been Attorney spell it
a oGeneral of the United States and
member of the Constitutional Con- Aftion
fulls vention of New York : Mr. Sherman spondi
the in en the Senate and l ouse of Repre- ti. T
sentatives ; Mr. McCrary i the Housei milrt
Oo is of Representatives; Mr. Thompsotn e hi t o
ine. iln the House of Represen latives and said
has declined oa l reidgn missions; Mr. good l .
iStchurz Minister to Spain and United
ul States Senator; Mir. Key chance lori we
10 in Tennessee and United States Sent- sta-tu
tor, and Mr. Devins Attorney General lady V
retiof assalchsetts. bt- gets
is ot the lbeed eii a ll conl in
Tlre Sed to a of Getorge .Wheel, - "hcii
or, aC chemist, living in tundee, Can- bring
Othe adi, i the one of the strangest cver
on recotded. Ie was a hard student, An
ethine- T two years old, who lived by dangt
t hiccomslf,woking in a small laboratory eal.
Iyes by day and watching the stars by ame st t
wonigt sthrolPgh a e small telescope.el, littt
About six months att o he told his counta
out friends that he hax ad a chimialk of plation
achn- discovery which would carry his re- Thl
ist. non toi the ends of thle ear''th. Th ie
G halluctuation which took possession nent,
of him was that he had suceaedell in shore
nated aking a preparation which, when il
S scattered on a dead person, wou such
restore life. Neither the arguments f
nor peers of h is friends changed hisnt. at"
hbelief lie iresolt ved to kilcel h iimself n l
aftorder to haetin the delicacy of rinsu- due
ettll i powderi tiestedi . isA laead, wbit-ch rc
te Orie, labeled und"rear tive, al changefuild t
dresseyod to a scientific gWentleman, giv- olli
re eling dire ftiond s ias to the imethl ofi tle
of a detesting i n the truth of his dIcovery. is
skulto accomplish his icide is a marvelI
pliwork suppts alge ba e wheel,
to which are nologist, tahed a bkniver s hrim ul
SPicr- on scythes an of is ed fian ax head. Back ft lt
i action thi, there is a tcomplex arragemeillin, si
I of small wheels and pulleys, all oper-i
edGisl- mtdbey a powerflict l steel spring. re
Iilir- of speed for the space of ten inrIte, .t
ized the by is' a three-sided trough in
which ihe must ofthae timplaced hiself co
t rliyg an eats fr motion. iyou head, owhich at
ahe id under the wheel, was mangled l
eatowas fouf tled his R lais wentre ouzi. g ut ae
prsku oll. the
ne Louis set ehimself up t die fother day asi
a phrenologist, and a barber was his up
pon a chair, felt of his head ft a lhg of
W years tim re, an d then "Semarkcid: "illi,
U t oyu ise to, for 'saguttineg when gd to bed
agielo Ateey you exaer t lit tleirln t Ro- i
~bma bI clheosr, N. Y.,'vu t tanght to h elone st r I t
id iled vein'' hp ul ey u is lntwed t werna
t ingt an ear for music; you has d. worst It
o en-feet Ion Morganvery street, yon itde orighte' i
o sort ofi amelet man to wheel coal do n hillen
ny years he tradde, repld 'yu'd bettel r keep
Sbumpedye oiver sna toves.o
au e'e on maImma too00
.coocd Thinig:s
S ''here is a unin in 'T'enn~esse wiitl
" luch hi' feet th;"t, it' he m.ets thee wmvat
in his head matil Fehlnary.
I'.asanton tlheory th sl '": Positivie
S ine, cmlparative hl,vw, superllative
"be hlowedl."
, .-  L1oir  ,.,"" '. , ,1 ',., 4 . , i.'- I nl.'lllllg -
e IIlI like it Iti wVs:lpel' ,oto ?" Answer:
eI, Iecause lheI c dl(n't tell a lie''
le North Carolina: hais a:l newspaper
S1all1 I 'e I)ei Iet'ci . T'l e) editor is
e lltlprolaly rlather Se-Dee.-- Graphic.
,\,ii is .ertainly Nee-Dee.--'orristum,,
lherald.--.h, you Be I) -.
.i l;aiy a boy has l lst grip oln his
' t';ither's iall'~itioni by being abide to
114e 4at the old getn tll'Iman ait aI friendly
a Iile 'f card's.
'id '"Iln the Spring the hlnman fancy
to lihtlyt turns to illth untld peas." And
i in the Spring the il 1unmer's fancy
4d, stringly ta11-rns to beer aind cheese.
1w5 A fashionable yoni'g man in a fit
her of eeonlmiy iid trie benevolence,had
bi- one of his higih linen coll irA converted
into ithreer shirts, which lie donated to
the poor.
The Cincinnati Commercial says
M". "Why is it that edlitors never conmmit
i suicide !" The lBurlington Ha.ckey!l.
r has investigated this sabject a little;
u- anll thinks it is hecraise thle dr'nggist.
-ili- won't sell stryechine, on long time.
asit Bryant, the poet, is 8((; Longfellow;
tih. the poet, is 70; \Whittiehr, the poet, is
her- (9. Poets live loinger than editors.
"' Let's all go into thlie poletry husiness
and iand make glad the heart of the waste
Spapler dealer.
ls; An exasp'eratedl politician, who had
1454o1 been called uplon to detine his positioni
ter- once more than patience could endure,
leg, exclaimled 1: ")etine mii position i
It ,Never! If I delint it, the next thing
clh- I'll In' called upon to do will be to
rney spell it."
and
Con- After lotoking at the picture of. a
'mllal spouting whale fitr a long time, a lit
eplrr- te boy seeineli to lbeclne more ndil
[ose more puzzl'ed. At last he turned to
lp5n his uliclte, anid pointing to the picture.
Sand said : "'Oh, niiv ! doesn't lie sneeze it
Mr. good long way oft'?"
nited
To lr Two ragged little urchins werie
Sena. standing in tile gutter looking at it
neral lady whoi had just fallen down on thtl
Ipavement. "It isn't so nmuch that I
like o'ranlges," oliserved onie of themi,
'heel- "lint what a lot of people you catll
Can- bring down with the peel."
idit, An exchange says: "'What is the
dl i dlanger of the hour ?" There are sev
'torv eal. The one iewspaper imeni have
s by most to fearll is the danger of getting
scope. "stcnk" will one of those blamed
d his counterfeit dollar notes now in cirue
imical lation
is re- The Fiji cannibals that Blarnun~
The ls to exhibit were out of employ
essil iln nt last wiiter, save a few days
ded in shoveling snow, and one of t hem feel
lien ily re narked the ithier day, -"Divil
wou such hard toimles have I seen sioce I
ments left the nld coumntry inote than siveLn
sel iteen years ago.
resur- When an unsoplhisticated Reno girl
;o bot- gets her poiiipaldotlur panier onl befol'et,
ngeftl in tile exciteinment ni! ner'vo'ltle5s
be ide attendant on her wedhding trip, iher
C' ad. general resembnlalnce to a Central Pa
in, giv- cific snow tlonugh is what ilmakes pd
pi of 1le stolp and istalre at her ii speech.
covery. less IamazeIment.
marvel A ltimber of our exchanges littve
f iame- starlted a deplarment of "original
wlheel, llhumor;" and when the foliemani, ili
o utioi no iking lip the pap'er, etrole, Oat.ly
hlack of plhces the comic paragraphs in thi
genett scienlific ctllllmni, andl the scientific
11 opel'- iteims under( the head of humorousilhd
spri. realder never diescovers the miistlake.
I a The settled exlression oif determin
inutes. ation thallt ilnaitles the faiice of a uain
ingi in who is just startiiniout to lhave a tooth
iimself pulled is only equilled by the sub
trrange- dued lioiks that creeils over his feat
, which ures as lie pasies with hIis hand onl
nled tihe knob on tihe dental room door,
slidy turns qniefly tilo'llli(l, andll tilltoes back
zing out through tihe hallway, out doors again.
There is somnething ref.reshling ill
-the iabsolnte astoiiilshment that vii
of t. lrs to a printinig ollice sllmtimetrs dis
r day as hi'y at tdie coitnonest thiings. "What
r as tint thack-lookiilg thiiig standitg
wtas his up in the cone ' is somelltilnef asked!
c barbolm iy an iinsophisjticatced observet ; iinl
thilt, ineairest tlypo. ansvers: ''Tlihat i
the pr'itintig llttice towel. We aiway'
William, stand it up in tihe corner."
'oii lend
o are They tell of a prominenllt Metlhlodis
iest, blt brother at Westlield,.Mass., who tool
lracter; his little sotI tol church with him nill -'
red down ay evenlilt. anlld sat in the ''ameit
youn Ili colnelr." Wh\Vlen the dantlhasiasm wi.
d o woist at its height and thne iesponses corl
sdo right ing often andti heartily firom the sten
do'n Ihill tirian lungs ot the father, the boy,
rose u11, who had ;ilslti got tllhoroilighly alrousel
nok-stira Ilt pkelt liki nig ila'rt:t ini tihe ribs
Sit a punlii wlhiislperin~g, ''Hlloller loudor, father;
The aged hollel amen louder."
y l all the
fromoi the Tile &n~nts which hIas just been
ie eI slh all itaken shows tlhat there are at
aged to be present in France 73 towns with it
SpoPnlation exceeding 20,000) in
girl at Re- hohiitants, 10S with a popunla on
) cloise her of 10,01)0 to 20,000 inhabit'nuts
tempornil)orar'y n. with a population Gi 5000 to
rith ,and
apa."' It 10,000 ilnhabitants, 249 with ai
e mother's i po)ulkttio n of 4)00 to'5000 inhabi
;inter kheep taltsc and 531l of 3000 to 4000 in.
I iabhita-nta.-..0 . Pi n.1un,.