. 4u -- -14. u s 6F37 i*001s so t· o
7 0 1 00 15 0 0 0 1 `
I`1 al 2 O3fU 51
S )7 , N
..: 3U O al Oan of the White Citizens of Red River, Sabill,, Winn and Natchitoches Parishes.
4550 10 71M ( 00 ,001n noO-
tee... -61 0 0 no 4cites? fill
Ient~l'ertiaea, I a X1.l, fN CIlTOHES, LA.f SEPTMIE~ 21 1878. NO.
a £r de nt, Pr1 1 1I uMIton. y`Each . abs 4. ,9 -
:Professional Cards.
. J. C (A'I,J1'G HiJ.P1,
, 40TTO Yi AT L I.
ep Street, NatchitocheeS La.
tico in the Courts of Nat chitoch-s.
DpSoto and Red River and in the
rt ofthe State.
ET. Jakol.,
.H*r to JACK '11tun+o\)
and Counselor at Lawsq
ATOIT FCHES, LA.
Stiifh h-toutrt ,of itnchs,
t mDet, Rvr, IV Rapir*hs,
0dl4ta ,o ,. 1f"h1
NUll LBý-Y. ljn eV ftCABSOROUGH
G assoiated themelves will pra; t i.,
the Parish and District, the 17th. Tnti
tlt, and ai the parishes of Winn and
Supreme Conrtof Lonist-ina. U. S. Die
-d Circuit courts of Louisiana and U. S.
f Claims at Washington.
ffe in the Lacoste Building
(Up Stairs.)
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
.' , 1878-17.
H. CUNNINGHAM.
ttorad & unstoiltor at ratv,
St. Denis Street,
atehitoches, : : : La.
ILL give prompt and personal at
tsntion to all busineisaentrusted t
pare "
tices in the District and Pnrish,
a in the Parishes of Natehitel che s
iver, Drcoto and Sabine, ant before
uprene Court at Moerde d Ne't
no. a J;)u "-ly
(Late of Now Orleitna,)
ftpY & COUi SEtOR ATLV
COOUSHA'TTA.
*(VER PARISH, LOG8ISN 4
e in Coushatta, Natchite
O d, Many, and in every pait
i Louisi~a a Special attet
- and cases and Successions.
C.. DawGrUT. T. P. (CHUAPLI
BANGUET & CHAPLIN,
neys at Lau,
ITOCHES, LA.
ltb-ld l i Court, o-
i, atto 1bd I
in the Supreme Ucl.,r a
March L-1g.
I. lB TUCUER,
floriey and Couinsellor at Law,
OFFICE
lnis rheet, - - Natchitoche, La.
ltee in the District and Par
is C of Natchitoches, Sabine
to ud.River, and'the Supreme
pof State.
Iialssl entrusted to bis care e 11
te prompt attention. ,Ar 13-ly
INBT SAFFORD, "'
Attorney at Law,
NATcHITOCHE8, LA
-'ie aJonrninr g that pf Mr. Jek.
U10to alt busin~
re.~ Iot
Mis ellaneous. .
....A ll
[;ljor
I ieri iii
which
tig
,li 1 at
Lt FEVERS, SPEP'SA Ihlit
ring Disorders. enarody th ii
lhe e Bitters Ci, St. Loui
PregI ry o lt hyslicill Itlls,
end F bY D ted t f P B'it e r
B RiCKE a tAFEL'S
A T / I'1'IIt o
O SEOPATHI "",
: PHARMACY, I anal Street, ( i nt
NEW o01 A *. ,i, l'
-lll ano'~1~ab aHom aopathio
di.ock1 u P rl mily dedicine Cases, i
ediCfl4noi.,h i an anld Frenchcon- illd III
d tok,'tri ro'kPrioes. gTrtItI
nYi oil Pei e pri
nLy 11liind t___ ill
S$100$ 0, $500, $1000 ft i
' TIIINGIIAM & CO., in Pae
1 et, New York, make i i
krable* 1 tok, which frequeont
irablem five times the amount in- [isi Ili
f. Stocks boilhtl carried as long as do- kial, I
std itofth r cent Explanatory
re ely Iset free. iinipo
riding
. BUTTS 1:lis
.12 N. Eghth St. ilte lI
St. Louis, Mo. le sa
,r in the treatment of the
Ia t l tof th s d female than a , physician I
in he e i the of his lonu iduccMfl i
The pYS8IOL OF MARRIACE the cl
pTheRIVATE DICAL APVCER i " a a
Ht nn t a d Ya11 1.k.,." alnd supply
kel roPe r l u ,I siralued, ind in pl lil
Mertt flt ayet Thetwo books embrace45 l
i r rmao n forboth marriedand ttit W
nie.with all tie crt en ovenntd in medica] treatn:ent i l'
whatou rhoe say: fIeknlowledgeimparted
inba.i~etWnew wort no of questionable char-. Ileil
ae, but ls somethil ,loe a ld know. ThL
Yel the victim ofea di,ta.t ; the nl, otntrwie IIIe if
pe .ly healthy may l tWtitunln vi r inthe rim a
and shlk . Wa n nB
i many itlse ti
i o.-St Loul Jo' is
itO one volume, the
orprio in o r tIl . ru
. R y of the 19th Centory L.ter
B ar 's Infallible Scott
S o eCaeCo., ham,N.. i.
SIt ef.li to eare emorrhoids Wit e
hn a oar Me aeuris poculI bl
Fri &4 ndh lde pj ort
SrappitallletIa (i
d i p~ lensary, and I
8* s . , illBeac 4o, I. I he ii
V. fau.v . PnVayTILy. thllil
,i t. from pter aber or
riT.tl'.-PI.lLEN i'-- :6
r. Ae., trentering UAIRR IAl S (M I ll I
p in tbe pitiveiy and permsi
b o uewarrlutevory cMe. ramJph-. i b
t ." pa l •eronis, t33l% t GUIE OClt 3K\btAL
ItATIIPIA 311 A qI l . LI,'OI , , ,lcltl'ol' l,.
blch rthat. a ug t*l i blish-d Price ( ct.. Lrrn
COIM T MA lt rI ,. 1a, Ears Btrostl, $10. ll
fend btots cs e i r Goods, &o. by Bxpres "
PRE ION FREE!
For the y oef (Seminal Weakiness Lost
Man d rdr brought on by lis- his i
cetion y Drugxgst has the insre
diants. d r. W. AQUEi % CO., fl
130 W lt, Cicinanatt, O lii
tti . l * evio vV IO
,ll Piy alsv .Teu"- '
* It
Ili I
" 'oll ,
.-t I . "1H
" ti h e
lon
tll i
SMailfl
he G1diut Iitcat T rit'ph of I lit
SModrre. 't The " Mysterioun 'illi
-il Iiitacorer-'edl, ti
- a.. Cui.  . ori t- -'
d ed. T he S to m ac hl ,
r'tT, and Bowels ori,,
il'th (otwlre nof ila
- . jhiseas e . y i
SPARSON'S I
PURGATIVE PILL
Stbe result of 10 g-coutilt cien-il,
iuveetiation, aid are Wi,ted to
ips follow, the! use of .th~ Pilld
lthi Bowels are iunflamebu t Ie Ccl
lpeteisse o.elkif, iany b reli 1 i
Asa V9ntasmf Family ;yaiCe a
PAUR ON'S li
. , TIVE ,, I- , "i
qualed beforthe ' dl '" "
Ing the duset accorfdi tu tIfWo
r8oIa' Purgative JPil .b
the Blood and girei dvift*
Tumors, 1
a lce s, Pimples
*%n·~St'i a.bt )
I gli eE
- icli~
4ES. .,OJH B. MAGItU hER . .IE
Aui Appreciative by a Fellow ('ant
tpaigner. 14s
[tiajor Edwna'ds in the Sedalia (Mlo,) lin
I)emiocrat.]
Magudeir sleeps the sleep of a sol- t
ier i1 it i ude 'Texa:is grave, oirl at
Swhicjh thlire is no imonument. The
iass 'gr ilg aboullt it in the
eally slllyllimel-, IandI there' ere Sonei'
flowers there, witheried and failed,'
seaItered by II wIall n's hilltd.
,nlag, nlei was a wondetful man. {ii
Ihle stood six feet toiur in height, aind
had it frame liten envied aind women iil
Sadoreid. His ne~eves %%.lee all ilt).
Foreigl tnvel and conlprehenisive a
eli I nil had given to hiis wit, a. zest
I hat was aliwiys crisp ind sparklinig. iI
Sl, neter Ilacerate.d. To the sting of , I
repsi e helie idl ,r the honev d , tiftf .
l;lo ll t, 1 all ik+ 1. In Il" ' 1e n . Ing " f
glass of,1 liiandy and a sog i cigal' it
rene itIl his stenglilh a lnd Elilsed thel t'
(iiiI of his youth to run over lith the pill
lit'ti,,iis Vilne of h al !h anld spirits. 0
lit- loved inagoitcent I, uidfillS, iig- t ie
nII licflt holrses n gniU i liceni riders I
and nuligiitirlflc woniel. Gifted and H
graceful in co. versiltioill ie w s it t
pet in the sludofir and a logiciani liI I
the lia racks. lie had studied Fiench ''
in Paris. Italian in Romle, and Span -I I
isli in the halls of the Montezulnsll . ali
His horsemanship was of the English did
kind, that is to say. not graceful, but ltol
impolssible to be sui passed for firm 'S i
riding and enduratce. He wrote lit- lI
tie love songs that were set to music. 1 0t
One of.-thel, "Im gene," had in it sell
the plaintive Iloldy of a lover, and "Ill
the sld.ir hylhi of biuial inhghles. in ed
hlite Ciinea lie astonished the Frenchd sri
olticers by sleeping at the front tithii Re
the ehasseiirs under fire. In Mexico. ter
he sent back to ilte Archbtishlop a i
Iad. l's pei tfed glove lie had faind il
in the pailace when the city was won, ithlt
and with it a note which read, ''It all
is prelty enough to have belonged to a ,'f
queen. Would she have pardoned phl
11e if I had aippropriated it I'" de
As the Aiehbislhop sent him the In
text day a basket of delicious wine, Th
it is slplosed that the fair owner ,of Ith
the glove miust have looked leniently 'at
1iuo the handsome Animeican soldier. iii
Later, and lie was riding with Gen. tih
Scott dowu the iolong street of Itur- wi
hide. Gen. OGarnett joined them, and tel
Magruder drew a little back for his it1
suplleriors to consult together. A thI
white puff of smoke curled nul and dil
about an open winidow, a sudden re Ilt1
pohrt follhtoed speedily and Garnett nid
aind ihose rolled over together upoin Ii
the pavenient. An ounoe ball intend we
ed for Scott, had broken Garnett's ill
thigh and killed his charger. Feat.i st;
ng anot her rite, Magruder gtnllIod a.
to the side of his chief and covered li
Shis body with hisown. lThe old man's Fi
eye never: dropped nor his voice "
changed all intonation. "How long '
Mill it take to batter down thati
house ?" lie spoke curtly to Lieut.
Mfagruder, pointinig with a sweep ofI
his linger to thie onlie nearest, anti
fa om i hich the bullet came. "An "
hour by the watch, Gene.ial." "Theli
olpenl fire at point blank tange, aid '
leave llot One stoe llU iplti another'.
It i as done, and well done, aled t
those wi o saw Magruder soonlest at o
teiards inoticed that he had anotler tI
1is on his epaulette, Nld that he nad w
been tade a captain. War ai, his in
lelent, lthe iivouac hisd delight, iand I
Ilhe battle his perfect hiapl4iness.
Proidigatl, fashinable, fItl1ishli brave -
siiCetltiies, a spet hh rift, .geii i , a'
trule frlienld and staInch coi ladle, the i
sirletider at Appolnattiox CO.i t Hitlise
made liin an aged man in iis piime,
i, and.'riinkled his featilles. whlich had i
j leftit eistiled all lthe ateksac lf I e iii
Oiie who wandered far ,4id hug illle a
*hiln, il other lanids, iIn ewIet nshlli
iy weather, relates low from Ver' li
ClZ 1o ChapuiltepE lie wetit, witall
3'lagruder all over tle battle tielis ,It
lhe Mexican wal.l t'le light canle tE i
h is eves lnld the ai3 Io his face wlheni e
,iirllig Io f Col t rei , aiild Cliuruluse
andt Peiotte and ..dina dlel Rey, and i
hlie Belell Gate, aid Chi pltelec alid
ilie city of 5t xico. His talk was t
,eVet endl,( .f Scott and Toigga, c
WEl and With, Smith anid Pil ow, l
l'llor and Quitman, and all the I
y oung sbi;linates who lafterwlards a
.laye1d suce bloody p'tSa in tle great I
est of Aiiricall dtatuas. Of McClel t
Slan he lid this incident anmong a
h..sani'others: "The fir'e from the
'it Elf 6iaultepeC was tei'ible. Fiftl'.
Ia 'l 't i niy fur-gun bat teni , at pi.ntt
b'lanklt range, and in the valley beilt
a r.thiltl of lancers weie f'rming
to a charge. Our flue had beei
jen-itkened and thli men wele Iyiiig
atwn. young niaf sit heside lone
hif the guns, amusing himself with
riP- 1i4iking up pebibles and shooting
illsthem ini frotr his hatd. The lan
Re ceiS ane nearer. I called to the
el ~4It~ o offher whlom tI have noticed,
and e sprang up saluting, "Your
name Lieutenant f" "Geolge B.
lc ian." "Very well, Lieutep
ant ke. cummand of one of these
day. gllS disperse the lanucere. l The
irec- ~innasuhed to their pieces. All
a eacaunon about Chapulte
l puepet ruing. Thie battle
. aneDe Worth 4.as sweellig
96 ne ai e '*ty, the lancers were
~ Tet- re$ and tli it I saw of McCiel
imors, 1a1 $, was sing a cigar in the
uple 1al.ee4't Santa baa his face as
blpelC . awP"'o e, and 'an ngly
wohudia hbisIm. .
'~1 W ai ife would make
a iit' !tA'l hd,iittll itlitrs ot thie NOilIi.
N, Y. W\',rl..
Thr Ii'.tinliny of I11. L Ite yVt.lei - i
,it\ 'contllliili. livtly iand i ihteni.ilg
! 'it, \WV Ih i sta ill i"clied Ito say lit 4 t
tin t, S A1 lilth lns W ald said la t hit 1hil
l, ;ir n, thllat "le is ttl a lOIsill' but shet
ili i ctii llltlI litl . eti ,S;" 3l.i t w el Ilii t .i '
,it aillprd it e oit the iI ito ithl "lhic an<l
,,llr eieited I'epulºin aun coltemilpoº- Ilan
irlts litl nit t evel thing lle layl cd r
ti Il. eI er pis ve i llitiithat hl e isll ti "
Ii. sl who understiand s the val'e of gll
Iittl lc llii tit l, ' lh'' I li tl 11141 hi Vt'l Slt. tell
Il l Ishood alttr ge Ithe t well ti' waste p,
lii of it. Lll that in this (';k e .whete Lan
,-r thl e I nll Seril ves himn li woiit, l is i
;ililt, a i lstia gait, h i ti itilo Ili e eI te
arioi tdlieits I whichii thei Rep le f g
lil l pall ty i ia Illac ellt. i lt in lt it e Louis I e
lua is ati -r er ti hal ar that givent e t' en
ilielr, flliI nl essentially ditiei i trelnl
l i ls tii he story of his iown siio it - e .
s.,i.i it,s e i ith a lilnk c nig iptilltlKt ,
aKI, li r g ig, I s ll I'a i rkel ail d lidl thel
it' t ei tiin t ; i toardt o fcials write f fneas es
di, ilii i i not uri l iii l e litis . Morlia- s
ipitcilli os and mIntal forces lie take s i o
Io note oit', eerelyr a eit llmeid not ich lie,
the Lol" inliiil contiest. It was in g aiie, il
IlII,1 I,,'d i tl st, et of Sharpers f nl tlt ent
eontrill f the Slatie, and hie tells of he
the mist akes trade by hi5 ennmrades nit
luil details the clever methods by the
i' hu Id they cheated. A false censuis li
r il the minlifalture of a series of false As
liltoid s oi the countd ingl of i canlln- in
ditlillt who I'i. bleea n faIirly elected l 1 IO1
to Iiii ltrely a giambler's trick wiich lie
 falir leuillCll if it Wil ns. Ocasion- agt
Slly he Ipauses in his reminiscences vgi
wih la s ligh as he hinks how lie him- onT
swlf iled tI? iilk toit fhe most iI of his
oppll tuniesIll, or how the party miLss
ed itchance folr a peculaly brilliant
Se'lvery other .Louisianal RepubllilcanlI di
a ho hayI alliiearied to glive evidence on I't
the sale il gleirl topic. They have lof
Still le It. clear tIhat e t Repubiitilicansl
oif Louisiiana ee i a set of ulprinci. b I
pled rasal, and or the selection of Au- fi
Ideisc n andi L eete tfr hpar siculi r d Ie
t cill illl: t is an unfair dister minatl l Ion go
•They arl'e ft ir ili pea of plthe t leaders li :
lhat ;ull se i|n htte Solth when the ignoll io
ace t;ill poverty of thie community, a i
uiiier the lidalile aofiaven liullera tho I
tI o ile it lhe interests of he comm unlity, ll
were se hto govern its wealth ril inn of
Steleligene.i and maintainted in author pf
sits' 1y Fed eral power sustained by
lthe senItietimen of i he strongly pleju- eit'
diced North. Neither one of these di
mIen wtias ipreeminenti for rascality, f
t nolr walkeda, like Ainchies,on thller Tan Il
i thele is il reason tio doubt Leelte's n
IstaIle11tcilt on thlat point whlen sum- ti
d m igs; t llRyi speculatiicnluS cel'fitrn ilfl
l his iondilali frienlds's departure for lti
Feliclali Palish : "Anderson w as ii
"afraid of being killed, and Kellogg i
"'aid tie would mlake a first-class flt
'liiimartyr, for lie had a fair record andtd vi
"lhad never Lidone anything deep in hi
it "l;c,tlity. lie lonce said the aIte 
S"'in l;g of mle -Salid I was the decett- p
Sit. Repubillican in the State. anid h
i t liiaitl coild bie wade on the Norith- li
d 'ertn Stuilitp by I he marttyrdm of il
"siucih as tile." When the Republican b'
Sliewsp :iptUt denounce sullch Illen as i1
ithese, o lti iconmitituted the leaders of d
Sth lie pa ity a tIlie South, as liars-and to
I we iecall few who btive been promi- f
SittIent ill Suithel'n llpolitics whlom they a
d have taut il deinunced for one thitig
. oi' ialther ttv'hiun twsi or three years e
e-We - gaiillltlt hot reinemnluer thait the I
a wh le sectionl poliy oi tc e ot Repnb- '
at I ic ll irti yri was lil sed oll the npll.
' psisetl good faitii and hsonesty s.f these
itai ; that o uimim ii llii ies at the Sauitll
a; ire disti rpanclied iii their belhalf and a
. e'd'eied intiiills by their slanders, a
Sill ad that coinnulitliet it the Nortih
I fgst v'litali qinealitliS of adliniatr.
a lion iand decided heir leoal lpolirntie
I cot ests hiiigl the paltionsJl eexcited
t y tlhe Sitoies which lithese meon told
t of Sltt liher'i tiirtteiles. In thl e last
ti' tiHlSS ill,(etEi's r:.till would have i
ieli hta 3as giod a E iz Piikston'i .lath l
Sin laltckeiniaig the petple of Laluisiana, I
id aid AtIdetsoU's atifdavi tt, with ilts
as doulil h jilrati, was o ,nsidered strong Il
, enougllh e'Jideie to throlw out the vole'
, (If a y hi.Ie elltsh laid elect a Repob
ie lictil Preiihealt. As iloledy becomes i
id a scoudiael in at insiant these lRepub.
it- lican politicituts mitust Ilave been un- 1
,I. trustwortlhy when their word was sc
a cepted agaiatst that of the best of the
Swhilte ieiilile of tihe Soithi and wginstt
Ai i,e,.. nature itf tlhiligs. This is a
. a - s ld, Ii'g ,li hitik ..f, and se. it -
it i stddei Io fs'i' lint t if any oile of ileil
l'l wi' it to brik llou o lnrrow wilthi
ug revelations of Sstllthr'o conspiracies
te to ie-uensilve the negroes or enforce
ig ihe ;pzii.tuetlt of the Soilihelii war
e claimi, mnir esteemed contemporary.
itli the Trilbne which huis heen espesial'
ig ly vigooits in bratding them as liars,
imight poisibly hail thaem once more
the itnallty's in tile cause of philan
r, thropy and t ruth.
B. "oiok into me eyes, me darling,
e*- and tell iie e'ou are mine," sang ii
tes smith-facid -0i ripling beneath the
li cottage wiidsl oine dewy eve in June.
All She looked int~hiseyes seven yeust
te- latter, abs'ut the tine he was to wed
le nother girl, aid vowed to be his nn
ing less her damagel affections were
ere piulticed up with 'i thick swaddliij
lel- of greenhacks. HIo constant is w6-.
the wan ! First in lov last in p~-.e
as and always ready tr a brea5h of
st-y-promis, itt
ake On Mltiday a good s a,_..
n from dhe country visit
forlipi .fire.
Young Hickory.
N 0. l'i.' ivu,.
It is ev idenit that Senatori Thtnlmae I
11ia nolt :Ittlacihed undue inlor- Iee
I ritie to the evil.s i the I; tlioalt21 .d11
lankilng syte. le knows and has f"n
shown t hy, nearlyv nil ca italists ill.
tel'estid inll iatio l l lh liI,k i i list unite !111
and perpe nate their privil, gel. Ie y
hais shlown it ilp i as i it lingeluIls lan! sl1n1l
corrullting fctlor in polittics and leg i i
isliltioil. lie has showilw ho(W the i
gains of lhlnkers are lin~o s to the lildt
people. lie i ns shown why inational Iog
banlker are interested in tIntids which N
is a nationail debt which is a "natitoinl c
(inrsle." lie has lproven that thie ii tes the
of nationail ihaiks aie unot needed ill 1,11
the general circiltiion anui t hat legal brii
tender notes lmay hle subistituteor iillt
them l tithlºlt inconvenillence, to the l st
llgreat atilitaile of Ihe Gilv tVin lnlilt il
this lno lins interpreted ani iortniilla ne
tel tihe latent sentiment of the mass- I i
es of American vloters. Hle has or I lr
gailizod an atlack on the money il poii w
Pi which uplllresses the ai111aises aind %i
hinders public prosperity. He has are
armied a biattering taam of destroyilng ia
energy with a massive adamant ine a1i
headd nd iiiied it ait the wall of the lhat
enemy. He has declareId a war which ful
the power of the Denmocratic masses ie
will prosecute to a victorlilosn issue.
As the immortal Jackson rallied De- t h
mnocrats to battle against the old wt
United States Bank, so Thurman ral- all
lies the patriots of another generation lon
against a dynasty of imonley mongers GI
vastly more potent and wore danager- S
Oils. mlli
"'Dead on the Field of llonor." Bt
cit
[From the New York Tribune.] ne
The tertible news from the infected h
districta comes.to us with one glimpse
of cheerfuliess and hope-the conidinet
of the. noble men, botlh twhite aind
black, whli have gone to nurise the tin
sack. We want our readers to stop Ya
for just one moment and look at this da
matter. These nurisesi, who have dii
gone out ogf the pure air of their ownll
homes to the plagne stricken towns, cl
to handle and tenderly cute for dead na
and ding men who treutter st ratlgers n
to them, need a higher courage tihan wi
any soldier marching into the thick lic
of battle. They Cain nlothing, neither si
pay nor glory. Their victories are niot ti
, atchedl by a proud counltry foar whose ni
honor they gave their lives. If they ga
die, no weeping nation will year cli
by year hang laurels on their graves. tl
The Howard nursle is only mention- di
ed in the pa pers as "one of twenty 16
five" arrivin~l on such a date, or "one to
of twenty" who ate dead. His name fe
nobody knows. If lie falls, his friends a
ounlv learnti'if ii, bi-euse he fais to it- ti
turn. '!'here is no burst olf battle cry ti
or nmartial music to cheer his soul in to
his last struggle with death ; in the ci
future there is to be no roill-call of a thI
victoriOtlus army, with pioud answer to lii
his name. "Dead upon the field of tI
honoir." He gives his life for soime T
poor plaque stricken wretch, proba. 31
Sbly of less value to the world than I
himself, in the poisoned air of a soli a
f tary chamber, where there is noIte v
but QGid tit know. He is buried alist- s
ily ii a nameless grave, with slilud. e
f deriig and fear, and qiuicklime is di
j t'urown uponIl his body. Tiis sacri
. flee lie makes out of pure love to Goil
v and lhumanity, and this sacrifee is
now mlaking, niet Ly one mal, but by
, every one of the hundreds ,,f liurses
· sent out by the Howard Assaeiatiln. b
. Every one of tlhem carries hIis life in to
h. is hand as lie goes. a
SThese t lell, tol, be it remembered, a
1 are Snouthelners-the people whol re ft
d garded as our eneuiies not long igo. in
, anld wiltm we are silat still to iaegiad p
h as impracticable, idle and qlarrel ii
Ssaomne It is wortlh our wliile to con- II
aidier tis t hiug. The newspapers i
d lately hlave cotliained mnore thal the li
ti alalil almount of crime and lIIsliness. ii
t Netllher foreigln liitcs nolar oill d1t
ie sletic recorl'ds Ihave been calcllatel aII
h to rraise our belief in the nolbiliry of I
hllutian natire' or to e ggest fresh I
Swaiichwluds of cheer tal the woild, In
is siimae tlhitg to know thiat ila our ownu a
e countryi , atlt!alU the people oIt the I
. very. States which we hlavo believed J
4 given over to coirruption asld friud, a
. uoble deed is done with la modesty
. antd silence which mrakes it all thiea
Snobler.
at ~White Feather,
SA distinguished Southlernstatesman I
tI is repo ted to have remarked, efear
nrinlg til the nezt Presidealt.ial electioun:
c "N·,o whitefeather next time,
S This is one of the most encooraging
, nigas we hlastve seen. We olajected Ito
i- the wltito flather from the begiiUiiug
, tadi all the waly tlhriughl. Thaie South
re elti Demlcraltswerle prompt to lde
i- clare that they lbad made war once
unsuccessflly, itid were sieck of war,
and were leady to trade for favor and
to sueak Iautil the accomplishment of
g, their purpuse. Tlhei aets carrespond
ed owith their words. They did make
he a eow"iljl@ d det1table trade with
e It is, theoelore, i*aliarly graltify.I
. ing to fInd atlt th!qvery tgIg ,lwho
re were so re t&~ .o slqmw.the white
feather beftr ire.ick of it now,, Of.q
coursei it Wtr re been mol glorai
oai to have 'itated tue hast'd f
Sthe wbite feather they mow prois a
al arlier dy nid Ilpvs .tef e
.. h,_' o oerats of the
aj 1 , ,at iietib i 14'm.r .f.. re
MWite *"- i"etilr 'Southerni
",bIde he i.Stbe iilbll .ed to
eprra.5 ~ ·:~~, : R'
N. Y. Wo"ilh. j
Thei liepnlnli':in "iurtaltze mtill" has
Icie, selt lio nll y . 1 ht1n ideld, if not spoil
ted f ior 'tre is.. T111 te:ntintiy he- to\
,r - Mir. PI; hler's CtiigresSiioal tom*- enr
neiiltee' ixplia hiow that lpowerful 32:
iinalilne has hben l ll ill L nutiina taR
I, rn111iitie fictions conLerl1inf a RR
Ssmits itand by such ilingenious  ices thi
as lhootiig holes in hats. Tlese, it gil
inoW ilp4e litrs. weir :ill gotten iup to Gr
oltlder in lth iilteresit of Messr. Kel is i
I l;g aid cl'ilkarld ;,or etf·ct on the the
Nuiorthli, ainid as ian excu.e feor tl4 into WI
cation of troopsl'ii ito liroet thin while 26
they were falsil ' iii the electen te- rep
Salrns. liI i-uii th Cailieolina the crpet- hli
blgglers'i Stolh ill tley tot ptnlllse 1
Iegisihil lla 4 dear asLter year, anldthen w.1
stole the mltiniey '.hich thi4 leisla. Ma
tHel're iil ilill i tl it a l ;t l i'tt r,, s gi ii I
invokekt'd. ('ililt pe bi-g ule was a
iiixtiiC of briil:'ry, tobllery', whole- 21
sale silandelr anlld ,hayoniet title such as
wils iieverl s'een on earth llefolre. T'ie e
arrest of such i men as Kimlpton, the at
order for lthie aipprehensioln of Scott at
lnd lihe testinllty about Lonisiana 3.
hiave permanlently impatired the use-. s
f'iiliiess oif the outrage mill. That t
piece of humbug at least has disap- t
p'eared fromln our pIlitics. It is some
Shiat signiificant that the politicians t
whlo pretlended to btelieve in outrages ce
anid insisted lupl troops are now the at
loudest in their cry for Grant in 1880. nD
Glantism was part and parcel of the
Soluthern plundering scheme, and the ti
man on hiorseblack is needed to set P
the outrage mill in motion again. .
But as, on the other hand, theefli t
cient working of the ontrage mtill is as
needed to make possible the man on 81
hoiseback, we need be under no im- ci
mediate apprehension on that score. 01
ti
Emrar:Tr's Et R.-A Dub- is
lin, Ireland, letter, pit led in New
York on the 26th, says w t on Mon
day, Aug. 5th, an extremiely old man
di4ed in Ithe work house at Ballina,
Mayo counlty, and two days lattr was b
consigned to iia pauper's grave. His i
name was Barney Moran. He was a at
native of Dubllin, anid so long as he k
was able to tramlp .ablout lie made a u
livelihlod ias a pirofessional ballad it
sinlgerl. He believed himself at the C
tliie cif his death toi be about ninety- a
niine years of' age. He mllade a sin 0o
gnlar revelaltion t the master and
chaplain of the workliouse. He told a
lithe lie was onu of the band of sol- f
diers, who on tlie night of May 18, ti
1608, accompainied Maj. Sirr and Swan a
to the house of Nicholas Murphy, a P
feather me'rchanit, where Lord Ed- n
ward Fitzgerald was concealed, and
4ltiic(.-.i lie caiy: i of tehe rebel chief
tain. liat ney Miorani avowed in that w
terrible business he faithfully die- e
chiargedl his dulty as a lo Il I soldlier to t
t the British Crowni, Ibut 4hip imS t start- 1
ºling tevelition was Ilia! ';e wais also i v
f the executionller of Hobert Emmett. '
This confessi'on has been corroborated. "
. Moran'sU ill-gitten gains 'did not pros
1 per. He qiuitted the armyi3', anti after
a wandering life of hardship and pri.
l ratioIn for half a cent:ry, exactly
. sevellty'five years after Emmet's, his
executioner has founlid a pauper's
a death and unameless grave.
1 Te Bay Mule.
[llurliligtln lhawkeye.]
s ie was sh liowiii the ian the new
i. hay nimle thIliat hie wsi wl'orki in a
i tealui withli the old gr:ly. 'lYou whir
rantll hiln sitIiid, atid pi1ef1ctly kind
I, and gellie?" l' th nlilm siill. "Per
tfectliv," said falrller John. ''My wife
i. and chihheii drive himt and lie is a
I perfect pet. Collnies lnIto tIhe house
ike a dohg." "Easy ti) hllo4e ?"! asked1
I-he man. "Well, I gluess so ; fact
n is I never hadl hijni shod, I don t he-4
e lieve in it Iiho works better without
. it," said falrler' Johin. "HI1,W does lie
-l-t when yoah l iliit tile crllpper on T"
Sllasked thie min. Farminer John hesi
Iafl nted. "Well, protly goQed, I lguess,"
h ie Aiid i "fact is, I ioever Ilnt it onl."
It "How does it get on I?" asked tihe
'U Ilian ; "wihlci, dloes lint it on " "'Well,
li kind of don't kIllw,"' said farmer
d John ; fact is, lie had the harness on
a whenI I got himln, and' it.,Ots him so,
ty well, an' hie seelned, to ahecio kid a'
o colitelttted in it, like, tlatI It onntp
er took it off'n him." "Atn l!-, sslIh
have youl had himi " asked 'ltll !
Farmer Jolhli chewed a whei itraw
very iieditatively. 'Well,": said,
"itet to exceed mte'n _w. lars,
in iehi." "And the nan haqked.a lit
ti- e further away, an said ie would
:"s1ort of look-r rolnd a little further
hefrre lie bellnght, like." Aild farmer
,g John never saw him again,ieven untou
t. this day. ,.;,
- Too True.
ce Shreveport Times.
ar, There is nothing connected with
ud the late war so humniliatilg as the
of coiiduct of a few SlIutiern men, who,
Ei- after mttking a goed record as soldiere,
ike have deserted their people and-r e
ith cepited oleice as a reward for their
hase ahlbndonminet of prioolpl
SAmong tbs naad Qo4lon Mel ~ly,
h the geat gueirrililk'eiieftain' o ,'yIu
ite acceptedtlhle long Ktlng toIrIheslp
'i They aould be sent 'to the f -rthesta
limits of the world, where tub7,b
rI hide their shame, and not rs£
their old friends and comrde:
mwrtication by their, a clcom
i- preslence. .
SIn the fight t p
uri meager Smith ndt
- sevatshot
Ito inrt.W : e a
e. 114 ....
THE STATE ELECTION.
Shrevoport Times TelegramsJ
BANGOR, Sept 10.-Returns from 228
towns give Connor, Republican. for gov
ernor 41,681; Smith, Grlculacker, 2,,.
322 ; Garcelon, Democrat, 19,612; Connor
lacks 5253 of a majority in these towns,
while last year his majority was 51l'13.
Returns of the congressional vote froan
thirty towns in this the fourth district
give Powers, Republican, 4C17; Ladd,
Greenback and Democrat, 5962. Powers
is 1343 behind in these towns, where at
the last election he was 682 ahead. The
Whig has returns that 41 Republicans
26 Greenback.rse and 7 Democrats are
reported elected in Penobscot connty,
where the entire fusion county ticket
will probably be elected.
BELFASTr, Sept. 10.--Thirteen towns in
Wahldo cointv. ire'lmling BHlfast, give
March, Gr,,.inba her, for congress 1148
,lrtrliy. His w t,le ph1intality thi
( LE\tiSroN, Sept to - A
Scomplete. gives Counlun 381
2123; Smith 4232. For co
3886 ; Belcher 1113 ; Chai
publican senators and county
ed by 800 to 1509 plurality.
atives to the le islature 6 Re
and 3 combination--a Repuhli
3. Frye has nearly 3000 plur
colon Chase in this district.
the Democrats voted for Chase
PORTLAND, Sept. 10. B
showing Hale must beefe
senate appears to stand 20
to 11 Greenback and Greeub.
crate. No straight Democra .
are not yet enough returns in
nounce upon the complexion of th
PORTLAND, Sept. 10.-The repr
tives known to be elected thus far
publicans, 39 Greenbackers, 18 D
crate. Not reported 36; of them 19
known to be Democrats or Greenhac
If all the rest are Republicans the,
still lack one of a majority, while
apparent the Greenbackers and D
crate will control the house. Thes au
of the seventeen unknown repFetast
tives will be required to settle who u
trols thejoint ballot, which is the nwost
important, as that elects state officialh.
Astonishing Feats of Jugglery,
In Delhi, India, we saw the celebr$t ct
basket trick, which is sometimes piQr:y
imitated by professional magicians sai
this country. A native produced- º',.
ket and a blanket, and, after permitfi94
us to see that they contained nothi,4g,
inverted the basket on ..he ground ynd
covered it with a blanket. . paid no
attention to his incantations, but lept
our eyes fixed on the hr",ktl and the
space around it, resol t no boy
should be smuggled it ,at )f it
without seeing him. What i.utl' the
feat still mire wonderful v .,e. 4' fact
that the performer.stood in a clear space,
and we could look down upon him as he
Spoceeded. He went through' thre olsto
mary act of thrusting a sword tti,ongh
the interstices of the basket,; h+ by-
cries of a boy were heard as f I .
pain issuing from the baskej ruing
t over, there was a bo wthP' p ",
ently unhurt and seemi4ly:t 1'.,ig
the fun. Restoring the baskt,.l the
r blanket over it, to its feuLrsitto
w)it the boy underarat Ioth a t
went through with sole iel,i t:
and then, running his swordnisle the
blanket, tossed it away from 1 Turn
ing over the basket, no bo3as to bOe
r seen. So far as any thingould be
observed, there was no possi place in
' which the little fellow cof be cou
a cealed.
a mnother feat quite as i5bing we
saw performed in the stree Consta
tinople.* An itinerant aJoan sowed-o
ue a cane which had t P haran
being wood and very t ouh and
tossed in the air as high l tg yotdan
when it struck the gr it took the
r form of a live serpent, o... e e
a and rapid movements. iitkc i a
dangerouB specimen, one wbich fo
man in his senses would ketoappro cli
Catobing.;Pp this mo r the fellow
coiled it around his iu and fondld it,
e while it writhed and e bibited the most
a vemnomos qualities. ;oWing i_ h_
e up in the air, it fell the rgri h
l same cane which we hid handled at onr
ct ease. It was this trio wbich arofln P
- formedt in Egyipt whelab turned his
dit a serpent, and tt. Egyp tian, i"l'g
,cian did the sameuthing in i' i *.tioU
t. f au.eylee ohrerfnshlp.
JUDGE KEY Ag *uDEPEiDEI N
;r z z enmberof o ntmnnce4
n have. been in mntol r e
& mt c i oaepndeti, pat mr
g nT he De~oone . W
o, OppostX e aodidstes s
re, . The gTe ntlewill e im aa
that if Mr. Key will ocept ,
Id dent nominatioD for
er pubhida Convedtion
er an ~iaelecth wi1ll the
K by Is no whtlding
vith leatheino, the d isb
vorThe -eideab'
hisp o.pP~ : Me wiLi not US
Kepubliais arei
ith there is nto dot
he Ther
to tdo e,