Msrir (t Crctulat85fG of .DIny
Centry Paper in lthe State.
gates of Subscription.
one Y"a .... ..... ..... ......... .
No eubsrilptiou taken lfo lLs that'
SiI
I'
9 71,~
odýAEUI 1fee,-Cavil ray, Esq., of
CrWgon parish, i the duly authorized
8t for the VINJIC tTOI in Vernon par
rh, and all contracts made by him will
I,'fully ratified and carried out by us.
E.F. Pressley and.1. H. Caldwell, are
or agents for Sahine.
- SPECIAL NOTICE.
yo Judicial adirertisement wcill be
iuerted in this paper hereafter, ftn
/Ep the Attorney becomes secnrity
for te advertising bill. which must
be p' on FIRST INSERTION, or
they will be discontinued.
ARHISH AND CITY NEWS .
LOCAL GLEANINGS-. sev0nell
Our mails are getting fearfully mixed. A cat
The weather still continues warm. store of
To-day is a very good time to sn1l- in false
week, w
cribe for the VINDICATOR. trcted
Our Methodist Church will soon he in it out.
course of erection, taind I
Going to Paris ' "Non. non, Monsieur, The poo
Je n'ai pas le spendulex. and was
"Feller Citizens," will he used about a ri. N
million times in the nort two months.
This office stands squarely in need of the shat
big watermellons. Magnol
Collector Lane was with us a day or tial plh
two during the week. veneral
Onr Court-House is the dullest place and de`
in the parish.
The river at Shreveport is falling slow its CyS
ly. Here it Is going down quite rapidly. Can an
Isaee Kahn, the popular butcher, is omena
blek !gm New Orleans ready to meet The
his friends and customers. at ah e
Judge Voorhies, of New Orleans has
been in cur city for several days. His see onl
visit is one of business. and To
Wouldn't it he a good idea to try ing tal
printer's ink as an antidote for dull stir ui
IIe. ilton
'e TYoukees Gazette claims that apple checks
beeare sure to have a core'em. How if Ben K
tha'we pairs. course
These candidates who don't advertise report
ames in the papers, hide their r
i A the world. that a
-dp.4a1Ie's little son fell from a DR(
wfteaon Monday last and dislocated or on
hil rnm at the wrist. ham
The Crops are looking well. as far as above
we can learn. Corn particularly is while
:' "luxuriating." boys.
Antilly, champion gardiner, &c., pres- ed Lý
oant this office with a 22 pound cante- for cl
lope. How's that for a pumpkin and I
L. Charleville Esq., brings the VINrI- some
CATOR a basket of splendid peaches, for shore
which we thank him kindly. the 1
Capt Moses has been over in Mongome- belo
ry for several diays taking photogarphs. himi
lie will return here on Tuesday next. Jobi
We learn that several gentlemen and Eve
their families from New Orleans came up bod
t( the summer in our pine hills. and
Antilley dosn't forget the VINDICATOR som
--he brings us big watermellous every Car
week. feol
Jules E. Messi, the genial agent, act mui
latianbis private capacity this time, how- tim
e ever, places on onr table a quantity of
luscious Indian peaches.
It was our pleasure to meet Hon..Louis the
A. Texada, Senator, and Ed. Hunter Dist, the
Atterney, from Rapldes parish, on board Iatt
the LDart AbTl Tuw e lday lat. teii
The health of this c:nnmunity is not as bee
good aswe 'v*old wish it, and our hope a
i. tat& the sickness now prevailing will Ils
be sborty dispelled.
Thye Mattoon qi.) Journal, says to bu
yona. lawyersn: Now go in--practice In
law and you'll get,rich, and as trieky as re
a cireus mule." ti
Our friend, Jodge D. Pierson, lost a
lovely hobild one year old, on Satnrday th
Slst. We extend eur sympathies to the ,p
family is their bereavement.
CATbnPt..a.--Thee posts have made re
• tJgl 4pg jIj different portion of In
ratI Sau have caused the rnual
u "~u W inalarm.' The 'Ipizen brlsdas"
' gettl out their sprinkling pots, and
pe, . ee w .ia ,bCeand.
- itps ofi rn and cotton throughout t
As push vih r a w'I eas learn, are in is
P ooettien, had bid bir to yield ,r
- A I us =LWatY, Ageno t for theI
head a rfg5e 5tock of NPow
halv es sad wbcie kegs C
isIR to the trade t. tNew Or- I
4a .h.c.r oltieanson Frontstreet,
W withitgl4et m and whiskey.5.eah
b dai l qth*1tleb--discouustg on the1
t "i-aia the lemd" said "seome will be
_T: "Whyw menmc:ke com
1151$ 3t qf* thur C ,S.' at
*o$.4w ASd .4'thy.
Aqv ~ drff0Wdeuir
PERUONAL.-The VnDICATOr acknowl- L
edges a visit from the following citizens Web
during the week who talked crops, health We
and politics with our chief : Messrs. J. Our Blunt
A. Kile, M. Hertzog, J. Alphonse Pru
dhonine, W. . . Butler, W. A. Pouder,
L. Charlevilk ;iandE. St. Anti 'rudlihom- MIr. H
1L. 0 ing seheni
WVebe
Theli" t.lreemly bhot teat her is tellint' of was pt,
itin tuII ntatives. Our old therutoln' has ell, J. H1
run 1111 considerable in the shade and the Gov. C. C
oldest and best, as well as the "daintiest and othe
darlings," are skipping around under They oriý
broad umblrellas and broad brimmed hats. *500,[.
Cotton ought to be coming; out under was rato bnt
these bright refulgent rays. I was tol
A stranger stepped into our sanctum believe tg
last week and asked us to change a $2 liim, and
note. The whole staff-printers and all, through.
of have retreated to the hack yard in order and the,
d to dodge snuch fllows who take this shop with tte.
for the iU. S. Treasury dh partm'nt. Mr. P
Ii get untde
larper's Bnaar tells us the last things H'ehel
re put on by a girl whben she is going to a 15 cents,
party are gloves and powder. Will some and tithe
one tell us what's the first thing they (Witn
in warre
punt on. ical she
e Our ward meeting on last Wednesday 'here
-was quite interesting. A large nulmber for $184
ty of citizens were present and participated Chals.
and therivalry was spirited through pleas- IInIo
or ant. A proposition to instruct the del- bills we
gates from the ward to cast 3) votes each in 1te t
for Mr. Cunninghsta and Col. Jack, was \It. B
S. after several votes defeated and the elec- parties
tion iunally resulted in the return of Webt
seven Cunninghanl delegates. Harper
eti A cat fell down the chinutey in the me at t
store of Mrs. E. Burke, and was januned the kni
ub- in a false tlne, where it remained for a Gov. I
week, we learn, and until its cries at. were it
tracted Mr. Ford's attention, who dug
it out. It was found that it had sus- I had 4
ta:ined life by eating off its own tail. my sc
er' The poor thing was too weak to walk, eRia.
and was mere skin anil boine. lersto
Mr. Mathew Hertzog has a curiosity in eral
the shape of a white mocking-bird. This warrai
songster was captured near the ruins of interv
Magnolia plantation, formerly the pala Mr.
y or tial plantation home of our esteemed and tila
venerable fellow-citizen, Mr. A. Lecomte, preset
lace and destroyed by Banks' army in 1S64. insista
The bird is white as driven snow and PFos'e
slow its eyes are of a deep red color. It is Felix
idly. quite lovely and is just beginning to sing. putt
Can any one explain this strange phen- that I
r, is Omena. asked
meet in rt
The BART AnLE came down this tme wit
at an early hour, laden with choice ha- there
Hinas con, flour, &c., &c , for sale cheap at- warr
see our alfvertising columns. Capt. Dick apprr
and Tom Dowty "warn't" on board, hay- be nu
Stry ing taken a flying trip to Avoyellea to make
d sll stir up the pie eaters. Capt. Gen. Ham- to
ilton held down the roof, while Rube with
apple checked out the truck for this landing. w
aw if Ben Kay and Abner Readmond were of Thos
course delighted to see the VINDICATro the a
erti reporter, while John-ah ! there's the parti
their rub-at least we rubbed our chin after that
that soothing shake that John gave us. t
rom a DROwNo.-.Johnnie Cunningbham, son havc
eated or our esteemed friend, M. J. Cunning- Tipe
ham Esq., was drowned in the river just d
far as above this city on Friday evening last, tron
rly is while bathing with a number of other T
boys. Johnnie Cunninghlam, it seems, DU
was on the back of an Italian man namn Amn
,re- ed Louis - , who had a great fondness Sen
te- for children, and particularly this boy,
and they had gone out into the river of a
INDI- some distance, and were returning to the bert
lie, for shore when the current drifted him and
the lad into the deep and swift current T.
ngome- below. Louis came near being drowned
grphe. himself, but managed to secramble ashore, ap
et. Jobunie. having in the mean time slip- lar
ennped his hold and sunk to rise no muore Sec
Every effort was made to rescue the toi
sane tp body by drags, &c., but without sunecesse
ills. and it was not found until Saturday, (t
ATOR some two miles below town. Johnnie got
C (ery Cunningham was a bright, manly little tee
fellow, aged 9 years, and the entire com- tel
t, act munity was rudely shoeked by his un
o, h ow timely entid. aR
Whenever and Wherever th
oDisease of a choleraio type prevail, or
there is cause to apprehend a visit from W
tr Diet, them, the system should he toned, regu- up
Soard lated and reinforced by a course ot Hos- co
tetter's Stomach Bitters. Perfect diges- he
tion and a regular habit of body are the
i s not as best safeguardas against tch naladies,
and both are secured by this in ettitrable
tonic and alterative. The Bitters are
lin t will also extremely serviceable in remedying t
nsuch disorders. If promptly taken in it
bilious colic, dtarrhm, and cholera mot- A
,sa to bus, the disease is Usueally frustrated. r
-pactle In diitvtbea cases, it is only necessary to
y s restore the tone of the relaxed bowels,
and this' ieone of'the speesil eets of at
this tedleine, Wind on the stomachi
h, los t a hetnbiliousnees, nausea, 'ihdache '
and etJe" r symtptomsa of d .btnbtatPe in
tr the gair and hepatio :pliot remn also e
ice to the spe relieved by this excelcln' reme- it
l , a family mediiane it is ipvalna
b se, inee it lproimp1 iand completely
ieae adremedies those alimnnt whlich are of
pttion of most frequent rCueo ne.a
the unbal n
-- -._
bd" Another Geu.
[Tensais Jourinal.]
Ti he delegates to the State Conven
roahoet tion from this ,patiash are particularly
rn are in instructed to vote arinst the Amend
o yield nents to the Constitution, especially
No. 2, wideb reqstricts tib amount of
loCaihdebtoess to be contracted by the
Sparishes. At lrst sight this may
per irsin pold e t° pe"
gone for tne upon immense rueo It cao
t for the ilt heo-dlabe iac .tIaaah of
dI, kee he MiMisppi, by preventintg them
-O k Wep from doing that whlisI the State is
Sof. Pw- too po*t to do;, abl the National Gor
be1else e, erntent will not do, visi repairt 'aod
NNew Or- hbuild our levees, it shows at a glance
1-1m . ithe paralysing effect iacban amend
rost tsreet, I impressed on the Delegartes, and
;eey-..ehrs men were selected wh* are fully alive
al mo the to What is espeeted of them and who
w* wilt be will do their whole duty.
.aC t'p,9}I _ii _
On Friday eventfg, Jnly 12t1, 1878.
whUS- . ,d:m .
city, JONIE C!NN1 GHA , eonof
J.. Caania ham I 1 Htd i
J. nnIF 9ro
*pofl
0.esS 1.
W 1 .b.+.-bt;aoy inem ,,.:a,,,
+ ",. , . .+ , ,... . .+- .;,
LIGHT BREAYIG. I room at t
whisperin
Weber Tells Some More. Mr. Hill f
- Mr. Coi
Our Blunt and Twitchell in the Toils. where Mr,
ber of thi,
[N. 0. Democrat.] Weber
Mr. H-Who projected this find- her ofthe
ing scheme you have spoken of ? IH0 ethel
VWebert-''hat funding bill I spoke iwas pres
of was projected by Senators Twitch- scheme º
ell, J. Hlenri Burch, Wn. Harper, Imembler
Gov. C. C. Antoine, S. B. Packard, lie discus
and others, whose names I forget. purposes
They originated the scheme to fund put ,htJ
$500,000. The assurance was that I amount.
was to be allowed to fund $10,000 in made, I
warrants if I would form n quorum. plunder.
I was told by them that if I did not r
believe the bill would go through I in the I
might go to Packard. I did go to were An
him, and he told me it would go per, J. I
through. i demarded a guarantee, T. T. Al
and they deposited some warrants moat, I
with l n.'ios A.
Mr. l1.-What warrants did y"t J. Bryn
get utinder this guarantee as collateral Weber,
e Weber-There were x4300, worth Percy
a 15 cents, issued to M. H. Twitchell There s
e and others. Senate.
y [Witness then produced $726970 rupt pu
in warrants issued to the several Rad- very oft
ical sheets throughout the State.] They st
v There was a due bill of Twitchell
r for $1840 which I have now in suit.
A Chlla. Clinton issued these warrants. and son
s. I have other wart ants issued by Gen. freqtue
1 . Johnson. These warrants and due scheme
bills were to have been given to me corrupt
in thie latter part of January, 1877. United
rS Nr. B.-Who were the contracting got
- parties with you ?
of Weber-The contracting parties want ti
with me were Mr. Twitchell, Burch, Gov,
Harper and others. They stated to lady at
e me at that time that they did it with your I
ed the knowledge of Gov. Antoine and Sherm
a Gov. Packard, and said that they WCll
t-. were interested also sti
rg IN TIlE SCHEME. ter; n
ts- I had conversation with both about sion is
Ail. my acceptance of the $10,000 collat- ing Br
1k, erals. ed.
Mr. Packard said to me that he un- me ell
derstood 1 was to receive the collat- Mr.
in erals to secure the funding of my deuce
is warrants. The Attorney General had death
of issued an injnnction previous to my Marc,
interview with Mr. Packard. until
Mla r. Steele, Gov. Packard's brother
nd in-law, came to my room as the re
ute, presentative of Mr. Packard, and lie
464. insisted Mr. Twitchell should get The
and possession of the warrants from Mr. ment
is Felix Herwig in the Custom-House, the S
ig so to close the bargain. He was de- railrc
puty collector at the time. He said 'tre
that Mr. Packard would do all that I
asked. The warrants were delivered foreg
me in my hands first, and then deposited a
with Mr. Robert Morris. As soon as confi
ha- there was a quorum I was to get my
at- warrants cashed under the general
Dick appropriation bill. I don't wish to Perno
hav- be nnderstood that I was bribed to heil
ato make a quorum. The accounts I was secu
[am- to fund were good accounts. as di
Mr. B-.Who else was connected ted
with this scheme to fund $500,000 with
ling. Weber-( was told too, that Mr. fall
Sof Thos. C. Anderson was a party to flat
Aron the scheme, and I know it from other ed
the parties. Mr. Twitchell informed me bon
after that they had a ring in the Senate g
u, composed of a certain number, and itieg
the same in the House. They didn't tali
t son have quite enough to make a quoruma. and
ning- They informed me it was their puir abl
pose to pass this item, and Gov. Pack
ard had said that there would be no gre
ast, trouble and et
THE BOYS WOULD MAKE SOMETHING, Oft
eme, During the years 1875 and 1876 Mr. oil
namr Anderson was a member of the State fus
dness Senate and I was. it s
oy, THERE WAS A COMBINATION . l
iver of some eighteen or nineteen mem
othe bers. Mr. Twitchell was president, an
m and W. W. Wharton was secretary and ue
arrent T. C. Anderson treasurer. an'
wned THE LEVER BILl., Ii
shore, appropriating several millions of dol. te
5 slip- lars. They got $21,000. Bechel wasti"
uore Secretary of the Senate. Gov. An- the
e the toine got $1000. They passed
aess'a THE STATE-ROUSE BILL
nrday, and got $21,000 for that. They all
ohanie got $1000 for that. There were nime- a
little iteen Senators, and Antoine and Bech- en
r comr tel made the twenty-one. There was
bi un- A HOURSE RING
also. . J. Souer was the leading
spirit and C. W. Keeting was one of
them. The Packard Legislature did
al, or not get their mileage and per diem. g
I from When the combination was getting is
Irega- up tis $500,000 they were an impe- *t
t Hos- conins set of men. Mr Packard said
t diges- he would see that it became law p
are tre and the boys would get something. ci
ladies, Mr. Packard supposed that I want- a
timable ed some money and heient Mr. Steele .
,yir to me. I told him I wanted no con- b
sken in sideration for forming a quorum. c
ramom- After the Packard government vent a
trated. down they did not ask me for those t
maryto unpaid warrants. Mr. Twitehell i
bowels, wanted me to return the warrants
leet of and he would give mle half as a com- t
readache protimise.
What I have done and for which I
ea expressed regret connected with pol
it reme- itics, I was
CONSTANTLY ADVISED BY PACKARD.
are f and Kellogg. There are things in my
conduct in the State which cannot be
excused, and I waidcunstantly in con
nection with Packard and; KeUllogg.
Gov. Cox--When did yon make up
your mind to make a clean breast of
it, Mr. Weber I
Conven- To Mr. Cox--I made up my mindi
icolarly last year to makg clean breast of it.
AmAend- It wIas after I weoo oat of polities. I
specially ,s
mouot of A maxaem or Fi T aRn.
i y theIt o 1000. I received what they
die. reeivddid. d.-"
i can There won some qaestion aboat the
pw- wmarants' atS Isljnetin had It .e.
ss of ed. 'Tlabere was a appr4 oI
ag them l0r them~ The claims L hid were
State is against t Inane ATsylae1,a.d were
ina G ov. good.
por sad Mr. Co, referring to a doue bill
m~ ed- said that did nor deinse to ask an
pial- opinion of witness aesording to his
and code of d maality about it-he sitply
l il itive want-id #act. -
and who Weber (with vehemenae and ges
ticulating excitedly)-I dol want
+yo to ay anything about ratnorlt
*~ ty. Yeo have ruined me, and now
S WILL RUIN TIEM ALL.
Lth, 1878. If I at to go down, they all have to
p pto tbis go down, by God I 1trilkiu tlb table
,son o of M whtl t beii ] t ,-y, 0 dotS want
W H. referfo ao orY an. more.
ged9 ,rd9r' il they aW .'lw is+ -
gascals, all 4'tbhm. -
I wa yonag when I went intYi~,
jr j ca' he aewrrnhpted me, 8anunt thems
? Thee. was quits, 1asa oies hi
A t. '++o%  "" ... . M:
roiom at the-tilde, and there was a LIT
whispering that required a call from i EMAINING
Mr. Hill for silence. si Natchitool
Mr. Cox--Can you state when and ending July 1I
t* where Mr. Aaderson became a memn- Aarsp, Jas
her of this ring t Adams, Ben
W\eber-AnderPnon became a mere- Alkinson, E E
- btr of the Legislature when thlis o500, Basket, DrT J
I000 scheme was voted in. Anderson Ball, M iss
was present in the caIucu when the Brackch, Miss
scheme was discussed. lie was a ierry, .Jan
r, member of the ring or cotmination, tltt . Dsni.lI
d, lie discussed with me about corrupt Britt, 1t
t. purposes. I understood they were to Brudley, Miss
d put ,hioigh bad claims to a large Brown, , Dait
I anmonnt. Whenever any mtotney was Blackshar, JMi
in mad', I was to get my portion of the Brown, Ja'k
n. plunder. There were Campbensll, a o
ot NINETEEN IN THE RING. Cockfleld, E .1
I in the Packard Legislature. They Castly, Dr C
to were Anderson. Twitchell, Wnm. Har- Clark, Albert
g" per, J. Henri Burch, Henry D)emis, Clston, AJo ll
e, T. T. Allain, Isaac Sutton, A. J. Di- Clark, Jou
it most, J. J. b'onet, T. B. Stamps, Curry, A J
l'hos A. Cage, Sam'l Wakefield, A. Daison, Mrs
0u J. Bryant, Geo. B. Hamlet, E. L. Dickson, R
al Weber, Ernest Alix, Dave Young, luncan, Misll
SPercy Baker, RAFORD BLUNT. Dodson. Wi
There are thirty-six members in the Derry, Maior
Senate. These men formed for cor- D)eanevis, Mrs ,
70 rapt purposes this ring. They met Dairon, Mrs
ad- very often, but not many at a time. Davison. Oec
They sometimes met David, G V I
it IN nOV. ANTOIsN'S ROOM, Davis, S
nts. and sometimes up stairs. I was there Dillon, Miss
To Drick. Hen
ieo. frequently. There was one more Dickerson, I
due sclheme ceonsidered and carried out Didrich, L
me corruptlyv-t was the election of the lOstarge &
United States Senator. The men Franklin, M
Francis, Ge,
ting got-- Francis, Ge
Mr. Cox (interrupting)-We don't Foster, T S
rties want to hear about that. Francis, Jol0 1
rch, Gov, C.-Did you tell your land- Farrell, Jo
I to lady at the Conti Verandah, patting Fomres, Mrs
with yonr breast, that you still had the Gentry, L
and Sherman letter Greenly, Mi
tlt Weber.--I am sure I never at the Galley,.l Job
Cor ti Veraddah Hotel told any one I Ganat, Har
still had the Sherman.Anderson let- Garrett, Mi
ter ; never, sir. Anderson's admis- Gewel, G
out ion in the proceedings of the Return- Graves Mite
)llat- ing Board was that lie was not elect- Girner, W
ed. The Returning Board called Herman, ,
un- me elected but, did not Anderson. Harvia, Li
llat- Mr. Blackburn then filed in evi- Harper, W
f my dence the sealed certificate of the Hull, CE
I had death of one Joe. W. Jones in 1878, Harry, P
my March 9, and the committee adjourned Hatchet. &
until Saturday, at 0I a. m. Hayard, M
t er- Hammett,
id Ie The Railroad Bond Case. Hyn'soa, V
I get Tie New Orleans Times, in com- Jinkens, I
Mrmeting upon the recent decision of Jones, A I
-oe thie supreme court at Monroe in the Jones, Wr
e said railroad bond case says: Kirkhann,
that i "The company will now have to Lewis, P
veed forego all the benefits of state's aid Lays, A
osited as extended by act of the legislature, Lockwood
on as or change the torm of their bonds to Lomgs, A
ot my conform to Governor Nicholls' views. Morie, Ma
eet my "The disagreement between Gov- Morton, I
nersI ernor Nicholls and the New Orleans McClellar
sh to Pacific Railroad company related to Monett,
Iwas tthe rovisions made by the latter for Garner, I
securing their creditors. The bonds HeaUl, a
as drawn up by the company stipula- Person
e0ted ted that they should become exigible wiples
within six months after the frst de- ED
at Mr. fault on interest payments. The stip
rty to ulation was in harmony with eecept- CoL.
i olier ed usages in the case of railroad long an,
ed me bonds, and was considered necessary card in
renantd to give negotiable value to the secur- his bacd
didn't ities since, without protection, capi- politics,
talists would not invest in the bonds and des
Ioral. and they would therefore-be unavail- life. H
ripur- able. The bonds were prepared with words
.Pack-great care and in imitation of the preeed
methods found most satisfactory and heart 1
sucnecessful by all the great railroads that h
cTriNO. of the country. But Governor Nich- the hat
76 Mr. oil excepted to this feature and re toeach
a State fused to issue thie state oonsola until partur
it should be removed. In other words wife, ii
, he required the company to issue aside, t
S bond which offered no adequate guar- on the
eem- antee to holders and which, there- forthe
r aeidet fore, it would be atterly out of the a greet
question to float. Both the lower allotte
and thle appelrate court have esus- Seath
tained the Governor in this mys
ofdol- tertous but no doubt beneficent poi- A
hel was tion, and the railroad company is, to the
Ov. An- thlerefore, thrown back upon its ownr
Sresources almost as entirely as it we prs Ca
before the le gislatnre, recogniqing the ento
Spopular demand and the popular wel- in the
Tre all fare, sought to promote its objects by Coove
reom a wise and liberal eo-operation. The setmi
ad Becl- enemies of the enterprise ought to benform
here was comparatively happy tblhi morning." frn(
ral's I
leading All 001. abed
ture did An astonishing feature of latter
r die. y Democracy, in this State at least,
getting is the disposition on the part of its We
an impe- statesmen to throttle, cripple and, if friene
k ard aid possible, starve out the Demoeratio W.
e 0la* papers. Prices for puble ad jadl itisa
,thtag cial printing have been sal4 such press
t I irnt- an extent that noo country jial can lo an
rr.Steele realize a respectable living at thle l ti
dno con- business. It is only by systematiC, peep
qaraut clear-headed, ecounomical 'way of do Con
ent went ing business that they ame nnsbled er. .
for those to 'flght the wolf from their doors." had
T wwitehell We stop for fear that anger may get than
Warrants thIe better of aus.-lMarkevllle Bulle- taem
as acom- tin. of N
And the press is greatly to blame rati
r whilich I for this state of things. They meekly
wiith pole accept the position of howeres of wood
and drawers of water for the party--ri
AC. KARD. sufficient honor for them to enjoy the rl
o in high privilege of "whoopingip te is a
annot be sovereigns in the interest of Jones.
t or.Brown, or Smith. We har served o
ly in con- an apprenticeship at the business for t
amkgg e long years, but were never' so pre- pan
rmake upo sumptions as to dream of asking for one
breast of an oese-nor do we wh lb any:;' --~ 8
honor of fighting in the ranks on an o
my mind empty stomach, soto speak, suced or
reast of it. forus; and this, too. soulieu to the
polities. I barpid~P- it:ciigi of evey ~ all-fry T
iplitiieid or smart Ale hla. out
.o . gined his Democracy the -i it a o
whbtthey Pnre artiele.. '~o
"But if an editor eanot
abt te do all this, let him ee~Y
id 4up. man who en"'will. be' t tpw
j-" ' 'trn suNggestion. T ut 95f
1U~ were the average editorn is likel t hi ; PU'
and were bhe hass een workinlg nt~h a
. long that hie is totalltimnat for . I
addo i bill Ml ythiitlg tl.-.Shraveport Time. gg'
iiTwithehll, -.
sto ask Co The young men of thbs'oontry will
ding to his e pleased to know that anIOthJ bar-· ~
-he siply ber has invented a machloe by dwih
She can singe off the human hair one
ie and ges- thirte-n.-otihtndreaths of an.ir ineh f
d oo want closer to theskill ian i its now poe
-s~ ior*t- sible to bring it with the elipping
., and n dow, maseIo. Any Joong man who will
AuA. go out into seoiety with great srag
all hhate to fling locks nearly three-eighthSp.. aim -
la t g able mei longs stroklhing ip %a ba c
don't waist ooghf to be. aeathrd of himsielf.
ai a ane.l hie Notes N. Y Mail. Pa
eet ialf inti, la ta to
,elit ii sth Ng.
iabt:,. *' tlb
LIST OF LETTERS
I EMA3ININX in the 'Tont Office at
Natchitoehes, La., for the week
I ending July 13th.
Aarop, Jas Martin, W P
Adams, Ben Murphy, John R
- Alkinson, E E McGleuty Jas L
Basket, Dr T J 2 Menth, Hattie
n Ball, M C McKuight, H E 1I
Brantch, Miss P Maytield, J C
e pluckshar, Miss S Marey, L V
a llerry, Jan MIcCoy, Dan
. NBr'wn. Daniil Meutlow, Mrs H
t Britt, 1I Mark. Squire
SBrudeyl, Mise V Neal, Mrs 8 2 TO WJ
re Browa, Dan Oaveni W C
is Blackshar, Miss S )weo, Jacob L
ie Browin, Jack Patch' J M
Cravens, Col J 2 Page, Mrs F
Campbell, G W Pace, S
Cockfleld, E J Primes. L
y Cistly, Dr C Price. Wm
ir- Clark, Albert Pilom, II
SCoalstone, Albert Raginnd, 0 T
' Clark, Johlla R.ulott, Miss M
1 Conley, Louis Robinson, John
', Curry, A .1 Roberts. HC
A. Daison, Mrs M Robio, Henry
L. )ickson, R Rosier, Sam
ng, Duncan, Miss S Robinson. Sam
IT. Dodson. Wm 2 Royal, Chas
the )erry, Major lRoques, H 0O
or- Demean, Boston Roberts, Henry
net Davis, Mrs S T Roberts, G W
IDaron, Mrs M Russoll, Dr D B
Dte. Davison. Oscar Robinson, Mrs M.
David, G V R Roberts, G W
Davis, S Ronlett, Wid
re Dillon, Miss M Ransbarl3, Rev J S
r Derick, Henry Rapiel, Psnl
ore Dickerson, H Ragland, O T
ot Diric:h, L Saanders. Miss 8
the FEstarge & Co. Mess Savut, Miss S
men Franklin, Miss L Stewart, W J
Francis, Geo R 2 Snyder, Wm
on't Foster, T S Sias, Henry
Francis, O R Schuler, August
nd- Farrell, John J Snyder, Capt J A
Forrest, Daniel Savage, JE
ting ome, Mrs J H Snyder, Wm
the Gentry, L W Sewell, Sam
Greenly, Miss M Sarpy, S
the Galley, John Strong, W
ne I Ganat, Harry Small, H
let. Garrett, Mrs E Snydet, Wm
mis- Gewel, GW Smith. General
urn- Graves, Mrs J 8panier, Adam
lect- Gurst, Mitchel Stewart, Wm
iled Girner, W Scearborogh, J L
Herman, Casper Shane, Ike
Harvia, Lucy Thomas. Mrs S
evi- Harper, W H Trams, Simon
the Hall, C E Tainor, D C
1878, Harry, P Thompson, N
rned Hatchet. Miss A Thomas, W D TUE1
Harris, Henry Thomas Celeste
Hayard, ME Van Seyir, R
Hammett, R E Withers, W J
Hynson, W Winn, Richard
Joaes, W W Wheadon, J C
com- Jinkens, Major Whisner, Miss 8
on of Jones, A L Washington, Mrs F
in the Jones, Win Weatherford, K
Johnson, O Wheeler, Allen 2
SKirkham, Wm Waters, Malinda
is to Lewis, Paul Withers, NJ
'Lays, A Wilkinson, Miss F
ature, Lockwood, A Whately, Willis
ds to Lomgs, A Wiggins, Jas
views. Mors, Martin Willis, Landry
Gov- Morton, A Winslow, J W
rleans McClellan, John B Williams, David
d t Monett, Mrs A Wade, R H
er for Msajio, G Watkins, R W
bonds Garner, E M Watson. M J
bonds Heald, George Wysingle, Miss S
S Persons calling for the above letters
sigible will please ay that they are ADvmRtWB
re de- ED. MRS. AM, , BURKE, P. M.
e stip
iecept- CoOL. E. C. DAVIDSON.-This life
silroad long and unwavering Democrat, in a eo
,essary card in to-day's issue, turns forever in I
secur- his back on the dirty cess-pools of to wh
capi- polities, and with his amiable lady
bonds and devoted wife, retires to private
navail- life. His declarations are couched in
d with wordm of sincerity, and he has e:
of the pressed the wish to us, with his big
ry and heart welling up like a mountain,
ilroads that his greatest desire is to "bury
r Nich- the hatchet" with every one, giving
nd re to each citizen the true hand of de
is until parture. To Col. Davidson and his
irwords wife, in their new home on the so
issue a side, we personally extend them both,
tar on their departure, our best wishes
there- for their health, and may they live to
Sof the reener old age than that usually
a lower lotted to the human family.-Saablne
rve ons- Seathron.
aoSi A gentleman from Monroe, writing
any to the New Orleans Demoerat, en
Stwa prespr the opinion that the followers
iitne t f Capt. 8tubbs do not represent the
la weutiments of the people of Ouaehita
searbel- in the matter of the Coastitatlonal 1M
,jec he Coovention. A late visit to Oaehita
s. The astains this belief, so far as we wee
m to informed. The instrctend delegates
mornng. froom Oasehltt will not fod a corpo
ral's guard to sustain them, and Ieh
abod will discover that his glory has
torever departed--1adiSoI TornIl.
of latter
t of t We is eomme with his other
ad, if friends were led to beliesre that Capt.
emocratio W. W. Farmer had reitl fre pe -
adjdi itiosea on aecount of feeble lIthb ad
so c pressing busnoaess engagementsu; but
irnal can lo and behold, he's to the font agsi,
g at fo t the poirpose of trylng to kseep thI i
atematic, people in the old ruts of the Radical i
ra a of do Constitutlion of 1968. Better he had
e nabled "naloed in the priv~ey be himself .
ir doors." had anouneed as lihing selected,
r m ay get than to come forward now and at 10
le Balle- tempt to thwart the will of the voters |
of North Luuisiana.--oCarrll (aer- |
to blame Iatirve. lW
e y meekly _________
re f w'rood The Indianapolis style of arranging
'e party- religioup news can hardly be recoin- 1
ej joy the iended to young journalIsts. Here
ig up" the is a Herald extiact: "Rev. J. 8. g
San ves Rea er, the hero of a steamboat idol g
. are.o. o.n te Ohio, withl a buxom widow as
"e' so pre- party of the apond part, has sea ped -
astki fr one bundred saouls into his ehebc the
in, : r.t -eato% 1118a suti ts i thi eity./
-ab son a 'eager s sa rdolsth-. tltl l Mir
t, . fieed ro
a fr The 'silllr.l~aums$ iof the State, l
. hral ortslde'ef o uyei ih h 1 n owl"
,81 dOi Il ti the' frott, lb favor ol a
onstittitlontal 4cosvent9iO. This is
sd iaw'r for theem lostea titteapiee
e ~Iq(f Omaehits, who, we have heard,
thi Safti pusy.-.it then brael to i *a'buidg
\aat for . St. -Louis Journal When a mo
a man over In ConaetIeUt thataha
el+ntry i a I f. id
obe which ean ans y .alfaction oat of the
; e hah sland : ; when oat here in
an air one fth weni a nd, unet a:i gbp o'ver tk
of  anin,h : ,rn and nao ;I d tim liflao himi.
!TAX5J IUeCL
STATE TA= CotJDpR s OTFICI,
i ,tobfttoe osoh . #h '
Parih Tas Jd emme now de.
The following. df aso e are llowed by
law on taple  airt _
44 w esmt a3 lill
Sarsh SO- Stae 'Coi.
KnOb -ti .  Tazco eaf.
NEW AD
triges. AddreW
& 138 Wood 8
SPLENDID OPPORTUNITY
We will pay
Month and ex
WONDERFU
SItEIMAN & C
TO WIN A FORTUNE. P1N- ,,o
$425. Superl
$1,100 only $
nos, price $8:
Upright Pian
gans 12 stop'
stops price S:
Mirror Top
R AfD come and te<
represented,
and Pianos 0
Illst. Newsl:
about cost o
Please add
Washington
MONTHLY
SANFOI
JAMAl
CINCI
Parsons'
Rich Bloo
the blood i
months.
-:) AT (pill each n
restored t4
be possible
stamps. I.
STR
NEW ORLEANS, MUI
next Spr
medium c
of $10 w
Bullard I
TUESDAY AUGUST 1, 1878, July 1,
A. G. HAL
=gA.3
LOUISIANA STATE
Fine a
s LOTTIRY C0IPANY
id IMPORI
leers This
leaIItatios
life- islsre f or No.
't, i atlooas sad Chabsaid
rever n 16t, with a Capita P, Mar
le of to which it has sine adda reserve
Slad fund of Pl00. ITS GANt)D SIN
rite GLE NUMIIB DRAWINGS will
edk  pinre P UIthy. It j.w
Isd irs or see.
sLok at the f .olow
i big leg Distlriboa
doti, tions:
wish esl lrtse,
usually
l oWion 5
witi ng1
I owera l,
a t, e,
tt thee
tu ti ..alU .. N TI* at Sel rs e k
Soa c hit
wre wee
orpo- Pa
ndletb
laor hns A
uss. . MooI
i other 1
mith and J.
m_ LIST OF PZZEB.
,esp this 1 Capitl ri of "*00.*..000 j
Radicsl I Gread Prise of 1 *0,00... .1,00
Srhad I Osad Pri o *0*....l00
h bim.e Pris * ,00.... ,00
that I f .p. a ... stA o
asedlt 100I ss O l100.... 5p000
e voters " ' **
a er rg 0 'O.... 10,0
sVo J. -. d. do ... l
assenoped 1a8e Primes. amunting to... 0 10,400
sila MJir .
I, State, Wlt.e fer Cr.e.ou 6e uadm Oden to
Tihis is
Mt aseU P.O . bis aS, New Orhesae Ls.
1Aiti our Besatzraeidiamy Dmvng
b. I Se -*
se State sad of Lguliie.
o e wed by
'EW ADVERT1,EI'S11 '; l.
BleVlVR FREE v'1r with 1,} ¢.;l
triges. Address, J. Brown & ton, 130
& 138 Wood St., Pitt~sbltrg, la.
READ THIS.
We will pay Agents a salary of ltt) per
Month and expenses to sell our N E\ anti
WONDERFUL INVENTIONS. Address.
SIIEIIANS & Co . Marshill, Mich.
I lt iBeautifnl Concert (r,,'oqlt
rl tPianos price $ '6 t only A .
$425. Superb Graud Sqn:are Piano. pl'tic
1,1i00 only $255. Elegant Upright Pia
noit, price 800 only $15.. New Style
Upright Pianos $11',50 Or.a,' . Or
gans 12 stops $72,50. Church Oritgans it
stops price $390 only $115, EI i t sti
Mirrnor Top Organs, only 0 lt.. . tByer,
come and see mean at o if I ant  not, s
represented, R. R. FarE paid hith wa
and Pianos or Organs given ''free. 1ie
Ilst. Newspaper with chl(' illttortlttionl
about cost of Pianos atl1d (1an is siut' tree.
Please address DANIEL F'. Ill-TT1'~.
Washington, N. J. June 1 4w
Th e ly , comhination
"ANFORD'S of the truit Jama.ic:at (ti.
ties and Flteuclh Blrautdy
for Cholera. i hultra Mlor
tuns. Cr'tmpy and Pain%,
JAMAICA Diarhoea and[ In\sentey.
I U Dysppsi i' at ten
a lant oflTone alnd Actiii\
in tlhe Sltilatmlh Iand Bo"
eln, anld aoidiug tht, dan
I ers of change of w .atlr.
CI N CEB R.c I odn climate. Ars ',nr
SANFORID's.1tnaica Ginger
LSODI
Parsons' Purgative Pills tmake New
Rich Blood, and will completely chlange
the blood ill the entire system in tl'ret
mouths. Any person who will take I
pill each night from 1 to 12 weeks :nay be
restored to sound health, If such a thig
be possible. Soat by m&di for m letter
stamps. I. 8. Jobnsou & Co., June 1 4t
STRAYED OR STOLEN
F ROM the undersigneld, one bay
MULE, medium size, 5 years old
nest Spring; no marks or brands, iu
medium order when missed. A Rewar il
of $10 will be paid for his delivery to
Ballard & Campbell, in this City.
ENOCII 310OS.
I July 13.2t.
A.G. HALL.
-WHIOLE.AI.E -
11QUORMERlHIIT11 S
Fine and Common brands of
WHISKIES,
BRANDIES, &c.
and dealers in
IMPORTED AND DOMESTIC CIGARS.
SALESROOMS :
No. 17 LEVEE STREET,
SHREVEPORT, ILA.
WAREROOM:
No. 10 WASHINGTON STREET,
LOUISVILLE, KY.
March 16--1l.
S HOW'S YOUR HIANCE !
Mv-. G. Mloses,
The Celebrated Nc\ s Art ist,
EggINSL BUT - - 'S.
The most exquisite
Ambrotypeis, Ceris,
Ferrotypes, Porcelauilny.Ve:4
Iverytypes, Photographs,
SMicroecopic do.
Life Size, do,
In every style of the art.
We guarantee our work equal in execu
tion sad inmsh to the best Photographic
Establishment in the United Sta:tes.
1846 Established in I184;
3, & C. MOSES,
ia heb Of New Orleans.
JAMES C. MOISE,
,Of Natchitoohes.
Portraits Painted or Retouched.
A fall asortment of Framcs atid
Mosutinmg.
Pricu lower than in Kew, Orleawt.
LACOST'S HA4L,
Frogs Street, Katchitochel~'La.
June 1, 1878.
. . j.
,' NEW ORLEANS, LA.
0 0 -WHOLESALE DEALER IN'
0.. o SEEB D CORN,
.. BEED OATS,"
1.. 1HAY AND
o , FEED STUFF,
I' Orders solicted, an( satisfactioln
S.1,70 gi aetarteed.
10... 1,800 May 11.-4m. . .
00... .00 ...
-- FOR BALE. . ;
ONl Second hand Ruggles Jobbuer, in
Itaod gondition. ForTea~m a.ndplpc
t e . C.;PaLER, ..&: cr s
-'Kt u New Or .at.mst4 .
OCULIST AND AURISTP:.
• . II WIlff. I '"- Wh,LUT U WvviM.1t Y.
C. L. WALMSBLEY & .0O,
-I-EM LOs O . : ',fLI
;-"IIU4. II&1 N5IIIIW fIRJI: NTS.
P I r e St., New Ortmli64 .t .
-dealer in-- ,
GOARD, rest Sraur , Nteatito'esT :Er':
Boat and Shoe Maker.:
CHALLENGOB the world for neatness
+AR, sa d dnrabilitv of works t.satifacti ",i
n tI t and masteril gtateed .
. , , 'S.o: S n St. Doi t.' 89.