Largest CirculalSoto of .Asy
Country Paper in the State.
Rates of Subscription.
One Year.........................
Six Months ........... ..........
No subscription taken for hlss thanL
months.
Arrlival and Departure of Mails.
NEW ORLEANS.
ARRIVE : DIEPART :
Tuiesday 4 P'. t. Monday 9 t. tM.
Friday 4 P. M. 'hursn ay ).1 I.
Saturday 8 P. 'I. Thursday 4 .ý. M.
Sunday 4 P. M. Saturday 9 .. M.
SH REVEPOR'T.
ARRIVE : IWPART:
Every day excelpt Every day except
Mor.day, 9. a..v. Saturday 9 A. M.
TEXAS.
ARRIVE : IEPARIT :
Trexlay 6 A. M. IThrslIay 6; A. I
Friday 6 A. M MNday 6 A. .I.
WINNFIELI).
ARRIVE : I)EIP'ART :
TLursday 6 P M. Wedneiidayv A. v
Friday 6 P. . Saturday 61 A. M.
MINDEN.
ARRIVE : DEI'ART :
Tu!sday 6 P. Al. Wednesday 6 A. M.
.F.dliy 6 P. ,t. Saturday 6 .. M.
Mns. M. A. BURKE, P. M.
Npecial soltee.-Cavil Bray. E ., of
Vernon parish, is the duly authorized
agent for the VINrsDI'Tol in Vernon par
ish, anid all contra(cts mafle 1y him will
he fully ratitfid and :irried out by us.
E. F. Pressley anid .. HI. Chldwell, are
our agents for habine.
Dr. 8. MW. Yo. rts, of DeXoto parish,
is the regular authorized trafrellin
Agent for the Vinidicator.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
No Judicial adrertisxenent will be
inserted in this paper hereafter, un
le#ss the Attorney becomen security
for the advertising bill, which must
be paid on FIRST INSERTION, or
they will be discomtinued.
PAiRTSH AN CIrY NE IWS.
LOCAL GLEANINGS.
Printer's ink pays.
How about the tap.
Open cotton is reported.
H. P. Antilley will commence the sale º
of BEEF on Monday next.
Candidates are coming to the front
slowly. Let us hear from you gentlemen. i
Dr.--Mrs. C. H. Crocheron and Alex.
Debilex, ir
TeoBroeck beat Mollie McCarthy in
the Oeat race on 4th ,July.
PERSONAL..--Mr. H. M. Payne is in
town ; glad to meet you.
Come along boys and try printer's ink
for office.
Rain daily and crops suffering in con
sequence. Cotton particularly.
Our District Court session :adjourned
on Saturday Ilst. A report of the pro
ceedings will be found elsewhere.
Mr. Richard McLean files with us a
stalk of red clover three feet high. Beat
that.
Capt. Dick Sinnott remained over this
trip to arrange private business. He
left town on Wednesday morning on his
Journey below
QuInY: "Why will men smoke com
mon tobacco, when they cau buy Mar
burg Bros. 'Seal of North (arolina,' at
the same price t" Feb 9 '78-l y.
The weather doen't pan out as well as
we hoped it would. The rains here have
been heavy and continuous, and we are
now suffering from them.
Since our last issue the VINDICATOR
has bad the honor of a visit from Messrs.
W. A. Ponder, James Beazley, John Co
nant, M. Broadwell and J. D. Addison
Mr. M. Bandaries presents this office
with a magnificent quantity of lucious
peaches and Concord grapes. They were
as fine in appearance and flavor a:s we
have ever seen or eaten.
Capt. Moses has had such a rush of
business during the past week that be
bas concluded to delay his departure for
some time yet. If you want pictures
that everybody praise call and see him
at once.
Rev Mr. Altword presents us with a
number of very fine sweet potatoes, the
growth of this year. They are a new
variety-the Brazelian Yam-which he
informs us produces early, yields largely,
and are well adapted to this section.
To make picnic lemonade-Take a bar
rel,fll it with water, put in two pounds
of sugar, add one lemon, and relill with
water as often as the barrel is empty.
(London Advertiser.
Nautical men announce that the At
t O)ea is losing .its salty nature.
n l inthis world, except cared
, ppearm tboe getting too fresh.'
lr. O. Picayune.
If Eison would get up a little phon
0o918M a dollar that would simply
*"sq, around about the lOtt," it
woldladpa big sale among business
ias.-.{Cincinati Breakfast Table.
" .rtspondents are informed that no
ej ,ver au a wheel write, a steeple
thti, a-bauodlanee, water drunk, nor
heard a annon ball, a hen hawk. a bed
tieki a  ove pipl-4Boeton Globe.
Cham depites a Parisian welcoming a
oanntry relatisve with "How good it is of
you reeome, for yeo are jnstn in time to
amist me in nnmsing a friend from Rio
Jiehto, who has the yellow fever,"
'kbsr-.knob fitted to receive and ex
hibit the photograph of the head of the
bese has been invelted. There should
be some matehabs handy to enable him to
idetiy Ielf--[Cincinnati Commer.
gmIg tfl t abases which Cassius
lafleted on his whilom friend Brutus, he
4llothstua-to set his dog on hinl.
, . dM s le ath say, "There is n
hecasse, iayoit hesat(loow.
We are very sorry that Mr. Chas. the
Smith, one of our yonngest and most ef- `P4
ticient City Councilmen has resigned. º,
The Hawkeve says it takes a drug clra k ret
of broad judglinent and liberal views, and 1W
a calm, stateman-like control of his
features, to know how to give a citizen
the right kind of syrup in his soda water
I:cn thie citiz,'.tn's wi;' says she will F
taL t. .. ; isl;,n4her lsh,;ti .
Ill
'c ;al t ille l iu ;to lllia olI Cce the deatli to
of Mrs. Crohern. wife of our esteemed in
fellow-citizen Dr. S. II Crocheron, which till
thl
sfud event octll''ted sIIuddenly O ' Wedlnes- th
day mornintg last. We extend the Doctor all
and Mr. Kin;. her son, our condolence in stt
their sad hereavement.
Iho
We are pleased to mention tihe fact so;
that the early comlpletion of the Metho- kit
dist Church at this point is an assured th:
fact. Rev. Mr. Hough has secured all or sit
nearly all the material necessary for the roe]
building and hal shout money enough to In
pay for the wortk. This church is grotw- th
ing rapidly in nmemºbership and owes to titi
Mr. Ilough for his efforts and zeal, all to
praise. ie
As an evidence that we are advancing it
a lu (rah, it wohl be well to state that .
our daily Mail betweeni this alnd Shreve- f
port has been discontinued, and we are It
to revel in a tri. weekly hereafter. Well; P
well. That is singalar to be sure. Will l
sotnm ou' he k hd enough to tell uis what pa
this ieanst. Ii
' No George," she said to the perspiring tl
vyounig tan; 'I love you jjust the samin, w,
hut as our city relatives are coming to
next week, mother thinks you'd better an
s'ay away, because your long hair and n
freckled face might make them think our Ia
acquaintances wern't high toned." The ki
young man is staying.--llerald and Pre-- I
shiyter. Il
"A fly in the gravy" caused Mrs. Miller
of Ibrkeville. Va., to kill Mr. Mill r. ni
"Wife here is a fly in the gravy," the (ii
husiland remarked. as he sat down to it
his heefstake. '"You're all the time find- of
ing fault," the wife replied. Harsh dt
words were followed by angry words. of
Mrs. Miller seized a coffee pot anld Mr. tl
Miller lutclutched a carving knife. The Si
scene, of combat was shift'ed from the IN
kitchen to the woodhouse and there Mr's. t
Miller picked up nl axe, severed Mr. a
Miller's head from his body, and fainted. it
It is hardly worth while to inform the of
public that the City Government has "
about petered out. For a long time it it
has been gasping along surrounded by w
kind and mourning friends hbit now its
,oune. Meetings never take place; pave- 1
ments and streets are going to rack; s
weeds choke the ditches and gutters : s
dead animals encumber the streets until
the Marshal pays for their removal from
his own pocket. and the surveillance of t,
out-houses, back yards, &c., whereby the c
health of the citizen is overlooked, and i
protection is never thought of. Shall
such things be and not excite our special
wonder. Gentlemen, we beg of you to s
do something or imitate Mr. Smith. 0
Iillies' ADJUSTABLE TREADLE canl be t
attached to all the principle machines
uoe-in use. The prominent Physicians i
of Shreveport testify that with this at
tached, Ladies can use their sewing ma- t
chines without fatigue to the hack or
limbs. Ladies whose health ismost deli- t
cate canu operate this treadle with impuni- t
ty and withl the full sanction and approval t
of their Physicans. Mr. W. A. JonsoN,
the agent, is in town and will be pleased
to c(all on oar citizens with this valuable
improvement, which we recommend
cheerflly, as indispensible.
The Brt Able, with a new rudder,
- camte through the "creek" and tied up to
our stake at 9 a. m. Our mud bank was
piled up with a good freight, and her of
flecers seemed in fine health and spirits.
Tom and Rnl1'1 "made up" with the Vtx
SDICA1'tIt reporter and .lohn asked himn to
etake "ssumthin" whichl-he-declined.
sCapt. Ceorge, however, led him to the
pantry andt with the aid of pilot Read
mond and the pale poetic quill slinger
Hamer, succeeded in filling him with
"watermnillion." Ben Kay was in a phil
osophic mood and your reporter dodged
him. The "white vest" came down but
too late for "breakfna."'
e The students of Mrs. Allison's school
gave an exhibition on Saturday evening
nlast at the Fremen's Hall which was
.largely attended. It gives us great
. pleasure to compliment Mrs. Allison for,
and her students on their proficiency, and
as it would be invidious to make distinc
tions, we praise all. However, among
the young Misses we must mention
MissesLachs, Sompavrae, Kahn. Steph
ens, Tanzin and Bossier for their excel
lIcnce in dialogue, and the younger Misses
of Pierson, Kahn, Jaffat, Jacobs, Winberg
e and Litchtentin for the charming manner
r in which they rendered their recitations.
s Little Master Jackson elicited prolong
m ed applause by his happy composition
"George Washington," while Masters
a Sompayrac, Suddath, Kahn, Friedman,
e I and Metier were all good. We must not
" forget to comnpliment Miss C. Hughes
e who delivered the valedictory which for
y, sentiument as well as the manner of ren
udition was not excelled during the eve
t- ning. Sutflic it to say that every one
Sof the school equited themselves so well
SnaLto merit and receive the praise from
the large and gen'teel audience in atten
dance. Our friends Judge Pierson and
H.t-on. W. H. Jack o'osed the evening's
id entertainment with happy remarks in
Swhich they expressed the hope that the
excellent school of Mrs. Allison shonld
n- receive oar hearty asupport, a wish to
ly which the delegated listeners responded
t with apnse. We hope our little
friends o~Ieis school, both boys and girls,
will so acquit themselves that at their
e next exhibition they will merit the pride
r the VIsDICATOR now feels in them...
d Whemever and Wherever
Diseases of a choleraic type prevail, or
there is cause to apprehend a visit from
Sthem, the system abaould be toned, regn
iated and reinforced by a course ot Ho.s
tetter's Stomach Bitters. Perfect diges
tion and a regular habit of body are the
x- best safeguards against suech maladies,
h' and both are secured by this intestimtable
d tonic and alterative. The Bitters are
t also extremely serviceable in remedying
ur- iuch disorders. If promptly'taken in
bilious colic, dmarrhtea and cholera mot
baus, the disease is nesually'frustrated.
in [ndiarrhea cases, it is only necessary to
t 'estore the tone of the relaxed howels,
l. and this is one of the specific effects of
U his mediuiue. Wild onil the stomach
Shearthbrn, biliousunes, nausea, headache
@ othase symptoms of disturbanee in
the gastric and hepatic regions are also J
speedily relieved by this excelleunt reme- Die
dy. Asa famnily medicine it is invalua- cos
ble, siew it promptly and completely .
reinedit s t ho: aliments which are of son
mlost frtnueuent ,ccturrelce. J
ANKEsIIA, JIIune 2jitsh, 167. ken
FRIEND CosGRovE:
I have been at this delightfli water i nes
ing place for several days, and conlitined I
to whi away the the tedium of an idle hour l)i
in writing to the VINt:IAT(utt. Of all I
the cliimates I have ever visited, of all mat
the waters, wlhose libations I have foinil, A
this climate and these waters heat all; tier
and whilst I say this, I do not for an in - det
stant wish to be understood as saying, and
that they surpass nmy own Southern J
home. No, far fromi it ; for as I said to Jil
some gentlemen this morning, that I I
knew hnt one country more lovely th itn al.
that of Wisconsin, and that was Louisi- C
:an. I have bht little doubt that the ver
stream of travel which has heretoft'ore
rolle d in such volumes to the North, will Jut
in a feiw years be turned in this direction,
tfolr tihe IWlanties of this atmosphere, and Ii
the drininking of these pure waters for for
fifteen or twenty days, is quite sulticient J
to restore all of our Southern people to met
health. whose diseases ire not of a chron
ic or organic character. And the cheap
ncss and rapidity of reaching here is now
ill the reach of the poorest man in the
State. We leave New Orleans, say at
t o'clock Saturday afternoon, and on
'Tuesday at 11 o'clock, you reach this
place-about the same length of time it s
t:akes to go up from the City of New Or- c1:
leans to Natchitoches by the Bart Able,
particularly when our old friend Capt. Cnh
Dick is on deck.
In coming to this place I passed 'a
through the most magnificent fields of ing
wheat and oats I ever saw-and strange tio
to say, these crops were being Inowed, hot
and puit into bundles-that is, tied "p by 1la
machinery. I could not have believed it, es
haI- I not seen with my own eyes. That vel
kind of work, said a gentleman to tie, as
I gazed in mite wonder upon this new
manifiestation of American geniute- that tn
work is tile father of Socialism and ('ont. ed;
ttmun istm, for it is these very labor saving as
machines which are driving the po, [ labor- the
ing men to ruin, degradation, ano deeds thi
of violence and blood. But, said I,. why st,
do these laborers not seek other fields- m,
other lands where they can find work by ref
the day, week, month or year? In my TI
State, said I, "we have thousands of acres
lying idle, for the want of laborers to put ce
them into cultivation, and whilst I have er
a deep-heartfelt sympathy for the suffer- 25
ing womnen and children of these men, by
who have been deprived of their means let
of support by machine labor, yet, I have an
none for the men. fro'n the fact that they hoc
do not leave a place where there is noth- of
ing for them to do, and search for one
where their labor will be amply reward. a
Sed." No, said he, `'the programme is. to re
destroy those infernal machines, and oC
burn every harn within a hundred miles ed
square, and if need be put beneath the wi
sod every man who dares to interfere to
with themn in the destroying of the in- tit
struments of the ruin of themselves and of
families." If such, in reality is the in
Stenmtion of these maddened people, who
can tell to what Communism or Social- t
ismn will lead if not arrested in its insip- T1
iencyv o
I was agreeably surprised to find so of
I any outspoken Democrats in Wiscon- se
sin; and still more so, when the Editor at
of the Wankeshaw Democrat told me
that they intended to sweep the State at
the next election, and turn old Howe out
of the Senate, and send hint down to
marry the sweet-scented Eliza Jane of
Pinkstoe, widow of the late defunct el
Mr. Pinkston, Moir. This old Howe, is at
- the miserable old son of a gun who dined te
with the negro Antoine, the Lent. Gov- et
ernor(?) of Louisiana, and led to the din- el
n er table a la Coshatta, this same delec
- table sweet-scented widow Pinkston, and
the decent, honorable and intelligent t
people of Wisconsin know this fiact, and t
are determined to give the coquce a fair P
chance to be constantly near his dloina at
del tobsa.
SI was proud to learn up here that the tl
Congressional reputation of our friend C
Col. Levy, had extended into these far i
off regions of the West. The editor of
thie Democrat asked why Col. Levy was t
Snot returned to Congressf I repliedtI
s that I could not answer his question.- g
SThat I did not believe however, that it p
was the desire of his constituents to dis- g
- place him for another. Why, said an- I
- other gentletman and who by the by. ti
o was a memher of Congress. Mr. Levy e
was one of the most popular and infin a
ential members of tile House, anld his a
e absence last Session was nniversally re
- gretted by all the members, for he was
a genial gentleman, and an active and
h vigilant representative. I hope as much a
may be said of onr friend Joe. e
- I have no donbt it will surprise you
I when I say to youn, that I sat all day long,
t on the 22d inst., by a big Wisconsin fire,
cnud saw early in the morning mother
earth mantled in a tunia of frosty white.
I was not prepared for such weather, and
my Louisiana blood lacked hut a few de
8 grees of reaching the freezing point.
8 Will write again. Yours,
WANDERER.
SDISTRICT COURT.
' Tihe last week of the Court was
i taken up exclusively with the trial of I
m civil cases, of which the following is a'
synopsis of all causes decided :
Jules Normand vs. A. E. Lemee,
Syndic. Judgment for defendant.
Bebeceas Sompayrae vs. C. L.
r Walhmsley, Agt. &c. et. al. Judg
i ment for defendants.
- State vs. H. C. Myes. Judgment in fa
n vor of the State.
C. L. Wanlmsley & Co. vs. J. J. Allen.
SDismissed at plaintiffs' costs.
6, Geo. M. Tnnmons vs. J. W. Coekfield
at et. al. Dismissed at planatifft'a costs.
es Bullard & Campbell vs. J. F. Wagley.
Dismissed at plaintiffs' cost.
S L. L. Brnmby, Tutor, &c. vs. W. P.
n- Hall, District Attorney, et. el. Judg
e- ment for defendants.
J. W. & W. B. Butler vs. Aaron Col
e lins. Judgment for plaintiffs.
4 George Collins vs. Francois Conyost,
m Judgment for plaintiff.
n- J. S. Stephens vs. Mary V. Hynes. Dis
missed at plaintitff's costs.
MIrs. Elizabeth Walmsley vas. J. C.
;' Johnson. Jodgment for plaintiff.
in caroline Rosenthal vs. 8. Winberg, her
he husband. Judgment in favor of plain
tiff.
ld Keatffee & Bro. vs. 8. Winberg. Dis
to misesed at plaintiffs' costs.
s Hyman Bath ves 8. Wioberg. Dismirs
ie ed at plaintiff's costs.
Loeb, OGambel & Simon vs. 8. Winberg.
ls, Dismissed at plaintiffs' coste.
ir A. N. Timon vs. J. P. Broadwell. Dis
de missed at plaintiff'sa osts.
Payne, Kennedy & Co., vs. A. N. Ti
mon et. al. Dismissed at plaintiffs' costs.
Brown & Nathan vs. S. Winberg. Dis
missed at plaintiffs' costs.
or Samuel L. Boyd vs. 8. Winberg. Dis
to missed at plaintiff's costs.
n- Bullard & Campbell vs. Pat Corbet st.
Ls al. Dismissed at plaintiff's costs.
t5- C. H. Vascoeu vs. City of Natchito
he ebes. Dismissed at pHlantiff's costs.
e s, J. P. Broadwell vs. D.H. Bonllt Sheriff,
ble et. al. Voluntary non-suit as to 3d opp.
re Broadwell. Judgment for opponents C.
ag L. Walmeley and C.L. Wahlmsley, Adm'r.
in Levy & Phi'iips vs. L. A. Prudhomme.
n- Judgment in favor of plaintiffs'
ed. M. E. C. Blanchard vs, J. W. Suddath,
to her husbanud. Judgment in favor of plain
s, tiff.
of Jno. Sylvester vd. W. P. Hall, District
ch Attorney, et al. Judgment for Defendant.
Ihe J. J. A. Martia vs Caspari & Detriesl,
in et. al. Dismiesed at Plaitif's~.bt.5
5'
J. K. & J. N. Martin vs Caspari A miF
Dietrich, et al. Dismissed at Plaintifft' Pal
costs. the
John I. Adams & Co.. vs Isaac John- hal
son. Judgment for l'laintiffs'. sen
J. P. Havuson Jr., & Co., vs H. Raphiel.
.Judgment for Plaintiffs. t
W. II. Letchfotd & Co., vs Isaac Nel tile
ken. Judgment for Plaintifts. ant
Marie E. Laonu vs F. A. Motoyier. Jud. con
ntent for Plnaiutif'. toh
lt H Holling-morthIi vs A ( ,Jordan. b11
)isij, sstdi at Pli intift" s cost s. con
L:;tette', D)nlilho & Co., vs .luhes Nor
mand. Judgment for Plaintitfs.
Arcalinc, Raclhal vs Alfre'd Ma yver,
her huishandl. Judgment for Plaintiff; s
dIret ing steparation of bed and board, "f 1
aln(d division of property and alimony. hot
J 1V Cockerham vs I) H Boullt Jr. on
.Jndgmenit for Plaintiff. the
David Pierson vs Mrs .J L Perot, et coll
al. Judgment for Plaintiff'.
C. L. Walmsley & Co., vs M II Car
ver. Judgment for Plaintiffs. 10
J. C. Dnis vs A. C. & W. B. Sutton.
Judgment for Plaintiff vs A. C. Sutton. des
Alfred Waddell, Administrator, vs A a
fH Pierson. Administrator. Judgment men
for Plaimntilt. of
Joseph Henry vs Samuel Parson .Jnig- pat
ment for Plaintiff dat
tioi
PACKARD'S STORY. not
to
Wrong Logically Told. fie
Sta
Shreveport Times. ass
NEw ORLEANS, June 29.-The sub- ifI
committee of the Potter committee hal
met at one o'clock in parlor P, St. the
Chatles hotel. Ex-Governor Packaid 1
was called to the stand. The follow me
ing is a synopsis in answer to ques- Us
tions: Witness said the returning rec
hoard met at the time prescribad by ha
law ; was not present at any of the re
sessions, open or secret, had no con Po
versation then nor since with the ti
members of the board as to matters sta
under consideration ; had no knowl- I
edge of their labors, other than such (ni
as was published. Their return were lit
the only means of information I had tre
that the returns of the board gave the
state to Hayes and myself. Not to
my knowledge was any other result tM
reached by them than that published. Mi
They declared the result about De- ed
cember 5th. 1 was inaugurated gov- sa
ernor January 8th ; was in office till
25th of April. My majority as shown
by the returning board was somewhat
less than the highest Hayes elector
and higher than the majirity for the
lowest elector. Witness said the files in
of the Republican would give all data it
and information of promulgation of
returns. From the returns made wit
ness deemed himself the legally elect- pa
ed governor of Louisiana. There de
was no question abhout that. The re- th
turns made by the board went betore it,
the legislature through the secretary al
of state as required by the constitu- so
tion. The two houses met, cavassed tr
the votes and declared me elected. te
That legislature consisted of a quorum th
of both houses that day-68 members at
I of the house and 19 members of the al
senate being present. Witness read R
article 4th of the constitution pres. SI
cribing the mode of declaring the re- lit
sult of elections. By thirty-four S(
hundred and twenty-six majority the Det
official journal showed 21 senators hi
elected. Witness explained that the o
s senate seated two members on con- s,
I test. Can give no reason as to wheth- M
er, if the returns for presidential D
electors were correct the returns for Si
myself were not correct. There is is
no reason. Wittess here read from cr
the file of thie Republican newspaper, at
Spromlngating the votes, showing hilum
a self and Antoine elected, and said I
find my vote was in excess of five of t
the Hayes electors. That is, as they p
Scanvassed them. The vote as found 0
r in the boxes gave me a much larger I
majority. In my opinion my title to
the governoship of Louisiana is as
good as the title of Mr. Hayee to the
tpresidency. I consider them botllh
good, and one as good as the other. it
I received the declaration of my elec is
tion frontm the legislature. Mr. Hayes ii
Senjoyes histitle. I am aware that I
alm not acting governor of this state
as I am entitle to be. If Mr. Hayes'
title rests on thile votesof Louisiana I
d am entitled to be governor. The
hsame legislature that declared my a
election elected Mr. Kellogg as United e
"States senator; the United States
' senate recognized that as the lawful d
' legislature, and there were more a
Smembers present on the second day's v
Ssession when my vote was declared r
e than on the day Kellogg was elected. e
'That legislature had been recognized I
by Gov. Kellogg. As far as the val- t
idity ot the legislature is concerned. I
if the United States senate admitted I
Kellogg there is no reason why I i
should not be governor. The reason s
as why I was ousted was tlhat a large
of armed mob was in the streets and
city, and their presence weakened
the confidence of my legislature and I
in consequence of that and other in
, finences some of our members left us. 1
The infinences brought to my knowl
. edge were various. They were giv
- en in my valedictory of April 18th,
1877. Witness said he believed the
Sarmed mob was under Nicholls and
were called the militia. I believe
Sthere was interference on their part
with the courts ; don't know whether
hlie had any part in it or not. How
ever, on the ninth of January, the
supreme court room was taken pos
. session of, and during their presence
g- tive gentlemen were installed as the
supreme court of thile state, and they
ol- are to-day tihe supreme court of Lou
isiana, holding their positions by ap
pt, pointment front Governor Nicholls,
as did the sheriff llho enforced the
authority of thlat court. Witness
c here read a narrative of the forma
tion of the Nicholls legislature, giv.
er ing the membership of that body,
in- showing only fifty-nine legal mem
bers in he house and seventeen in
- the senate. That a canvass of the
votes was carried on by the Nieholls
as by the Packard legislature, only
r. using the returns of the Democratic
committeeinstead of the lawful re.
is- turns. Even if they had had the law.
ful returnse there was not a quorum of
i- legally elected present in either hdouse,
ts, and Governor Nicholl could not re
t- ceive therefrom a title. The Kellogg
. legislature on the 1st of January call
ed on the president for troops to sup
t. press ihternal disorder. I made an
appeal to the president by letter April
to- 5th ;-received no answer, written or
orally, neither to this nor to a second
' letter which I sent April 16thb. This
P' last wasesont a few days befors my
abdication. At that time I;vwas nn
Sder the impression that the arlan.i
Veigli commission was advising my
t, supporters to join the Nicholls legia
ln- latnre. I had no means of informa
tion of the improper methods used by
a the commission in regard to the mems.
itber of the legislature ave by rumor.
I had the impreasion that the conu
mission came here to break np the
Packard legislature. The effect of
their presence is plain to be seen. I
have no impression that Mr. Hayes
sent the commission here for the pur
pose above named. I cannot judge
the president's intentions or wishes
and cannot express an opinion. The
comminisslon anted one legal legisla.
tnre and I think they would have
broken t'p Nicholls' legislature if they
could haIyoedone so. The commission
would have gladly recognized me as
Governor Nicholls., if they could by
such means, have got the whole body
of the legislature to meet in the state
house. Know of no threats or efforts
on the part of the commission to obtain
the ohbject of their visit. Have no re
collection of having been approached
by any member of the commission re
qluesting that I withdraw from my
oeice. I do not think my members
deserted me because of any belief of
a defect in my title, but I have no
means of knowing the actual cause
of the desertion. I received a dis
patch from Secretary C. C. Sniflin,
dated March 1st, concerning instruc
tions of President Grant that he could
not longer allow United States troops
to support candidates for State of
fices; received a letter from Hon.
Stanley Matthews repeating the same
assertion, date March 16. I believe
if I had been allowed troops I could
have maintained my position. Had
tihe president acknowledged my title
I have no doubt the opposition to
moe would have ceased. Had the de
cisions of the returning board been
recoguized by the president I could
have maintained my government ir
respective of troops. I made a pro
position to Senator Kellogg that if
tile state was supplied with 2500
stands of arms with ammunition, etc.
I could maintain my power. I had
only 250 muskets and was in no con
dition to do battle with the armed
troops of my opposers.
Gov. Packard was in thie witness
chair three hours or more. At 4:30
the commission adjourned to 10 a.m.
Monday. Gov. Packard was examin
ed to-day because he expected to
sail for Liverpool Sunday.
For the Constitution.
LN. O. Deinocrat.1
There appears to be about four papers
in Louisiana that want a constitutional
convention. Those four, however, want
it very much -[New Orleans Times.
This assertion of the Times, utterly
without foundation, shows what that
paper knows of our State press. It
seems impossible to teach the Timen any
thing about Louisiana, its geography,
its press or its people; the paper is an
alien with alien and foreign inese and
sentiments. It is useless, therefore, to
try and set the Times right in this mat
ter; we think it proper, however, to
state, for the benefit of our readers, that
the following Louisiana papers earnestly
and emphatically demand a constitutiou
al convention ; Marksville Bulletin, Baton
Rouge Adrocate, Shreveport Times,
Shreveport Standard, Bossier Banner, Co
lumbia Herald, Carroll Conserrative, De
Soto Democrat, East Feliciana Patriot.
Democrat, West Feliciana Sentinel, Lafay
ette Adrertiser, Lincoln Sentinel, More
house Clarion, Natchitoches rindicator,
Onachita Telegraph, Richland Beacon,
Sabine Southron, Opelousas Courier, St. tc
SMary Enterprise, Honma Courier, Minden
1 Democrat, t·oltax Chronicle, New Iberia
Sugar Bowl, New Orleans Delta, New Or
O leans Exponent, and New Orleans Demo
crat.
Ihess twenty-six papers constitute the
strongest, boldest and most energetic
portion of our SLtate press.
Of the other papers it may be said
f that not over two or three are really op
Sposed to a constitutional convention.
I Others of them, however, have unfortu
Snately followed the example of our "in
Sdependent" pr-se in declining to say any
Sthing at all on the great question, either
one way or the other.
If the Times will glance over its Lon
isiana exchanges a little more carefully,
it will drop this ridiculous story, which
is an insult to the patriotism and intel
s ligence of our State press.
e Ten Broeek and olie I'Carthv.
A Louisville correspondent of the
e New Orleans Democrat thus discoursetb
Sabout the two great racers who will I
l come together on the 4th July:
a That great day, for which all other
l days are made in the mind of the aver
age Louisvillian, the fourth of July, on
' which the great race is to be run, is
d near at hand, and as it approaches the
. excitement increasea and waxes warm.
id Bets run high, and Mollie McCarthy, at
- this time seems to be the favorite.
. Everybody is betting, some high, some
i low, but still everybody bets something.
I The ladies are betting, the gentlemen
n are betting, the negroes in the streets and
e in the hotels, schoolboys, and the gam
d ins and peanut venders, are all betting.
d "You bet" they mean business, too.
I Everybody here has learned horse talk,"
t and not to know all about the two die
a. tinguished animals, or personages, Ten
- Broeck and Mollie McCarthy, is to ar
v gue yourself behind the timnes, and be
I, voted a bore. It is admitted now that
e Miss Mollie McCarthy is not a scrub;
u she has blue blood in her veins, and
e pluck enough to put. life and mettle in
rt her heels. Ten Broeck is said to be too
r fat t, run his best but that is nothing.
- His backers have not weakened, al
e though the Western mare is a very for
s- midable opponent. There is no doubt
e that the race will be run, and old man
Ie Harper is grit to the backbone. Ten
ry sroeck's defeat by Parole is yet fresh
u in the minds of all Kentuckians, and
p- the state will demand the race, or send
s, Harper and his horse before Potter's.
Ie investigating committee.
s Mollie M Carthy is visited by all who
a- cean get the entree to her arristocratic
iv- stables. Her receptions are very exclu
y, sive, and no gentleman need call to pay
n- his respects to her unless he is ch.pe
in retned by a young lady. Hence you
he will see, every morning, a long line of
lls phaetone, with ladies driving, and al
hy ways accompanied by geptlemen The
ti gallantry of Koentucky gentlemen
e. knows no bounds, and thus we see gen
w- tlemen avail themselves of-the servles
of of their lady friends who own a phaeton.
, As to Mollie McCarthy's pedigre, it
e- is exseptitnally good; ber grand-dadm
'g was sired by Lexington, and her sire
I. deseends in lineal descent from imported
ip Gletice. Her blood is even lbetter tha
a Ten Broeck'&s. She is a marvel of
ril beauty and has plenty of plrcr.
ESTRAY NOTICE.
Taken up by William Welsh and es
trayed before me the undersigned author.
ity, two cows, described as follow. One
black, branded on the right hip L; mark.
ed, smooth crop and swallow fork in
right and smooth crop and underbit in
left ear. The other a red and white cow
without brand; marked smooth crop in
right, and amooth crop and underbit in
left T. J. OULLT,
J. P. Ward 1, Prlsh Natchitocehs.
4~
A
SPLENDID OPPORTUNITY
TO WIN A FORT U'(NE
N
SE]
GRAND
MONTHLY guar
AG
ll
IMI
NEW ORLEANS,
TUESDAY AUGUST 18, 1878,
LOUISIANA STATE
LOTTIRY COMPANY,
1
I
This
Institution
was regularly in
corporated by the Leg
islature of the State for Edu
cational and Charitable purposes, A
in 1868, with a Capital of $1,000.000,
to which it has since added a reserve a
fund of 0350,000. ITS GRAND SIN
GLE NUMBER DRAWINGS will
take place monthly. It wer
er scales or postpones.
Look at the follow.
ing Distribu
tions:
1
I3
LIST OF PRIZES,
1 CapilPrise of O,000....30,00
G1 Orud Prize of eI000 ....10,000
i Grand Prize of ~000.... 5,000
9Prizes of 2,500.... 5,000
en 5 Prizes of 1,000.... 5,000
S20 Prizes of ."o.... 10,000
be 100 " 100.... 10,000
st 200 ." . 60 ... 10,000
; 500 " 20.... 10,000
S1000 " 10.... 10,000
l* APPROXIMATION PRIZES,
r. - 9 Approximation Prizes of $300.. 2,700
,bt 9 do. do. 900... 1,800
9 do. do. 100.., 900
S18.57 Prizes, amounting to...... $110,400
tic Write for Cireulars or mend orders to
- M. A. DAUPHIN,
S P. O. Box 692, New Orlesns, La.
non -
n.
It ll oaur Orand Extraoriaruy Drawnlg
sire are oder the sperviuieu sad
ban MANAGEMENT
-OF -
br*
n Gem o0. T. IA ZZOARD,
Oeu. JUBAL A. BARI>K,
It W.1 .-P
NE1 AI )VEl' N1 .
oice LII I '
Harnmin, 1(l,11;
Heeodul ( otu onL!,
St. . enix S . .1T(Il l' t ! . / .
N1:W ORLiE.\AN S. ,A.
- W IIOLE ,4AI. DI II 11:; IN -
SEEl) CORN,
SEEI) OATS,
IIAY AN)
F1 :I:I) S'l'i" i,''.
Kiln D.ricd. MEcal.
0 Orders soulicited. nt , al ;i i
guaranteed.
May 11.-4m.
A. G. HAL.. 31. li ".
MALLt cdt 3JINCl:ria
IEUOR aE IltlATG°Le
Fine and Conmmou hnbruds at
WHISKIES,
B1RAN'IE). e.,
and dealers in
IMPORTED AND DOMESTIC CIGARS
SALESROt)MSI :
No. 17 LEVEE STiIt:i.'i,
SHREIVEIPOi'rT, I..1.
WAREROOM :
No. 10 WASHINGTON ST!IT'T,
LOUISVILL':, : Y.
March 16-1-'.
11
I.
CHILLS, FEVERS, DYSPEPS:A
Female Disorders. Preparod by
The Home Bitters Co., St. Louis,
Prescribed By Best Physicians,
and Sold by Dealers Ever.ywhere.
A UST 0o3ENEau.
BOERICKE & TAFEL'S
OMCEOPATHI
PHARMACV, 130 Canal Street,
NEW ORLEANS.
A ll tock of pur and reliab.leommmopathe
JediOlnde, as well as Family Mledicinye ct et',
e d Books in Engl_h, German anti French cotu
atntly on hand at Ner York Prices.
; DR. BUTTS
Mo. 12 N. Eighlth St.
St. Louis, Mo.
Wbae1lM puae rlmRee In the treatment of t.'e
mgut tromub of both mile md femair thani i an p il I
t tl Wet. ta a muLt Of hit loang adad eta, nFeutI
The PHYSIOLOGY OF MARRIACE
The PRIVATE MEDICAL ADVISER
Dh ltat mnlbaall l IIltnetan ew ill ,.n
nn lala tob U sa and W s eo d. a'trl uapl,,y
.lTol 7 e u Ib Me I inuIly fla ea~lr. alnt it patl
hsmuug, UaI7 undersltood. The two iOotnA eanbraate 'FAi
Ppa iaimoatnwaIuble 1iermtiona for both mnarried at
ailwlhthesOngtisprovemenenta thn nitat treutttatt
SwhatoUromepaa rsayJ "Tbheknowrldg i apart tda
ga IIth an wor sin sno wlnray of questionable cle r
aggr but b aoathitat evry .me sould kbow. T7h
I&the victhe o aniretoton; tib Na.ot"'er.is
I elthr tm ith war i in the rim
bo."-4Ut. Louis7 Di. kM -a ho
FSFLLA lera-S eta. meh
bea hi oamaohaaa it in eithad
rhe Rem.ad Mar
Barh,
PILE GIIuKE.
Manutactured by the
ba re C~ure C., t :rC , .". C.
tueuea I llsto ernse HeUtanrbodts
Oe Pilis weln a sure I. posiblt.
4Pet List and boea Ids tetmontJais
bidbellrnseappllicatio
Madison Dispeneary,
0 18.Clark St., Clhicago, IIt,
aestsalllttiAND CiItCllo aNL tkt In
"tL mseI flot, aVitKv.. er 'latat.L.
ersse, prodNuclg IMIITu M , 'tltlt'.I
NN 5CI , ~Ar., rndernrtg Alliillttli.
iPROir a, can he pojtttlt ntlt pi . n,.
. tiy ,s.Willwarrmntevr . c .re. IPstn.h
s !11 AR IAGE GI'I Ili K 5tV11 ri
Ph . 3 tlarg pIle , Il ,LIUTRAAT.I) . c,nttthirtLa,
Inthtils. ur rme Rubber Poodr Ac. h . E , Fara* ,
FI P ITIONT FREET
) YManh aldisordrs brolltlt i b1yI' llt l1
)0 eretloa oreacefi Any Irugist I.s lh inerT
dleotr. Allrcll, .Ir. .i. Q'i:Ea st tO.,
100 lt WeawL lrb ltrtet. (lntslamnali, 0.
) 0 $100,$200, $500,$1000
0 Broker,N No. 12 Walil Street, New York, muako
100 detrable investments in stocks, which lrtltiuent
ly pay from five to twenty times the amtount IIi.
Veed. Stocks bought and carret a Irng is de
sued o eoitorfthree per cent. Explanatlory
elC Mi.d weekly reports acat ~th,
[innanmld lorphin habihteare d.
no igins"''E g a nonlya,,oLu t
l Opium Pating, to W it. tqi,,
9() E V Worthiigkn, Grenu Co.. inr.
00 / TAX NOTI('CE.
STATE TAX COIIFCTOR'4 OII('Iir.
Natchitoches,.Marcht 2.th, l7R.
THE public are hereby Iiotiitedtl tl:halt I
L am now prepared to collect Staus tid
Parish Taxes and Licenses iow due.
The following discounts are allowed by
law on tares paid during
April S per cent on Tax Bill
May 2 . . . ,
June 1 " "
L. N. LANE.
Marbch 304tf State Tax Collctlor.
FROM HER ASHIIS.
The Phenix bha put on now life and inow'
etersu for public favors.
J Warren Suiddatl
has tLaken charge and DAN now disIpnset
the h: ,:.....t
BBLNDISB
W tislI :8,
LIQUORS,
&c.
RICH ST. LOUIS BEER ON 1)Al\'I'1
Don't forget, ye thirsty, the PImr: iSx
on St. Denim Street.
Feb. 84.1y
Physician and Surgeon
Maentgomery, La.