POSITIVELY NO CIHROMbSS!
The DANBUVT News.
FFORI 1874.
Containing every week FORTY COL-'
'MNS of choice reading mat
ter, printed on clear, hand
some type, and fine
white paper.
F I IE NEWS is edited by thclDanhu
Sry News Man; is contributed to by
George Alfred Townsend, the chief of
Newspaper Correspondents, and ether
excellent writers, who will furnish fresh
correspondence from the leading cities,
and contribute to the editorial columns.
The NEWS has its own Scientific,
Fashion, Chess and Puzzle editors ; pul
lishes the best original matter, the best
miscellany, and the freshest and best
miscellany, and the freshest and heat
stories. In all its departments it is
edited with scrupulous care, and, is, in
conseqneni:o one of the best Family
Journals published. Sample Copies free
-send for one.
TERMS OF 'SUBSCRIPTION :
One Year .........................$2.00
Special rates to'.Postmastors and clubs.
BAILEY & DONOVAN,
Danbury, Conn.
Harper's Periodicals.
HARPER'S MAGAZINE.
There is no monthly Magazine an in
telligent reading family can less afford to
be without. Many Magazines are ac
cumulated. Harper's is edited. There
is not a Magazine that is printed which
shows more intelligent pains expanded
on its articles and mechanical execution.
There is not a cheaper Magazine pub
lishbed. There is not, confessedly, a
more popular Magazine in the world
[Now England Homestead.
A repository of biography and history,
literature science and art, unequaled by
any other American publication.-[New
York Standard.
The most popular, and, in its scheme,
the most original of our Magazines.
[Nation.
HARPER'S WEEKLY,
A Journal of Civilivation.
The best publication of it" class in
America, and so far aheads of all other
weekly journals as not to admit of any
comparison between it and any of their
number. Its columns contain the finest
collections of reading matter that are
printed. * * * Its illustrations are
numerous and beautiful, being furnished
by the chief artists of the country.-[-Bos
ton Traveler.
Harper's Weekly deserves its primacy
in this class of publications, alike for the
value of its reading matter and the ex
cellence of its illustrations. The edito
rials on public affairs are models of dis
cussion, weighty and temperate, support
ing high principles in an elevated tone
and a chastened literary style.-[Exami
nor and Chronicle.
HARPEI'S BAZAR,
A Repository of Fashion, Pleasure
anl Instruction.
It is really the only "illustrated
chronicler of fashion in the country.
Its supplements alone are worth the snb
scription price of the paper. While
fully maintaining its position as a mir
ror of fashion, it also contains stories,
poems, brilliant essays, besides general
and personal gossip.-[Boston Saturday
Evening Gazette.
There never was any paper published
that so delighted the heart of woman.
Never mind if it does cost yon a new
bonnet; it will save yea ten times the
price in the household economy it teach
ea.-[Providence Journal.
TERM S:
For Harper's Magazine, Weekly and
Bazar.
Harper's Magazine, one year $4 00
H arper's Weekly, one year 4 00
Harper's Bazar, on year 4 00
Harper's Magazine, Harper's Weekly
and Harper's Bazar, for one year,
$10; or any two for $7.
An extra copy of either the Magazine,
Weekly or Basar will be supplied gratis
for every clab of five subscribers at $4
each, in one remittance; or six copies
for *20, witheot extra copy.
The postage within the United States
is for the Magazine, 24 cents a year; for
the Weekly or Bazar, 20 cents a year,
payable yearly, semi-yearly, or quarterly,
at the ofltqe where received.
In remitting by mail, a postolece or
der or draft, payable to the order of
Harper & Brothers, is preferable to bank
notes, since, should the order of draft be
lost it can be renewed without loss to
the sender.
Address HARPER &. BROTHERS,
New York.
The Largest and Best aind deapest
Paper in the World is the
NASBY'S PAPER.
(Fifty-six Wide Columns 8 pages.)
For $1J0 per year, in Clubs!
With Books almost given away!
L" Specimen copies sent free to any
addrests. Send for a specimen and exam
ine it.
g" Nasby writes his Political Letters
exclusively for the Blade. Address
LOPwE & JONEs,
Toledo. Ohio.
Ayer's
Sarsaparilla
Is widely known
Sa1 one of the llmost
eficctual reme
(lies ever dliscov
ered tbr cleans
ing the system
and purifying tlhe
blood. It has
stood the test of
years, with a con
stantly growing
reputation, based on its intrinsic virtues,
- nin sustained by its remarkable cures.
fo mild as to be safe and heneficial to
children, and yet so searching as to
et fctually purge out' the great corrup
tions of the blood, such as the scruloi
ulons and syphilitic contuamimatiun.
Impurities or disceasVs that have lurked
in the svst:,a for years ,ouon vield to
b this powertlI antitle, and di~:,ppear.
SIeitlc its wvonIlCdert cures, Imau y of
which are publicly known. of Scrofiila,
' and all scrofilous diseases, Ulcers,
Eruptions, and eruptive ,'isorders of
1 the skin. Tumors, Blotches, Boils,
Pimples, Pustules, Sores, St.
Anthony's Fire, Rose or Ery
sipelas, Tetter, Salt Rheum,
Scald Hecad, Ringworm, and in
) ternal Ulcerations of the Uterus,
Stomach, and Liver. It also n;res
other complaints, to which it would not
seem espcially tadapted, such as I)rop
sy, Dysp:psia, Fits, Neuralt'ia,
Heart Disease, Female Weak
ness, Debility, and Leueorrha a,
when they are manifistations of the
scrofulous poisons.
It is an excellent restorer of health
and strengih in the Splrin. By renew
ing the appetite and vigor of the diuses
tive oran.s, it dissipates the depression
and liat.less languor of the season.
A Even where no disorder appears. people
t feel better, and live longer, thr cleansini
the blood. Tho-.systenm moves on with
* renewed vigor and a new lease ot lile.
PREPAR R rY
Or. J. C. AYER & CO., Lowell, Mass.,
Practfeal and Analytical Chemists.
SOLD BY ALL D&IUGGISTS EVERYWHERIL
Ayer's Ague Cure,
For Fever and Ague Intermittent Fe
ver, Chill Fever, Remittens Fever,
Dumb Ague, Periodical or Bilious Fe
ver, &o., and indeed all the affeotions
which arise from malarious, marsh, or
miasmatio poisons.
No one remedy is louder
called for by the necessities
of the American people than
a sure and satb cure for
IFever and Ague. Such
wr e are now enabled to offer,
, with a perfhet certainty that
it will ernatli te the disca:se, and with assur.
ance, fotnideil on proof, that no harm can
arise fromn its use in any q!an'ity.
That umnihl iipotc:ts lir,.n or prevents this
di:,iidr mu1t be of ilijlese service in the
comlnunitii:- where it prevails. rerctntiosn
' is Ietter than car': for the patient escapes the
C risk which he must run ih violent attacks of
this Iah lul dil-'te,?ler. This " CRIt:" expels
the 0mi:Iniatic poisoin of iWCver and Ague
front the. svtemn, and prevents the dcevelop
Sment of the di~cease, if taken on the first
approa'ch of its precnonitory symptoms. A
great slliriority of this remedy over any
other ever dliitovterd for the speedy anl cer
tain cnre -,f lntcrtmittents is, that it contains
lin Quinin, or minerall; consequLently it pro
duce.s no quinismo or ofter injurious effects
whatever uplon the cn.~itution. Those cured
by ii. are ics as healthly us if theyl had never
Shad the dliSease.
Fever anti Atrne i, not alone tho con
slqueice of the tnias-tnatic( )oilon. A great
varicty of tlisorlcrs arise fro;l its irritation,
among which are Neurnali,,a, Rheuna.
tiam, 6nout, leadacheb , BHlindness,
Toothache, 1Eartache, Catarrh. Astkh
ma, Palpitation, Painful Affection
of lthe Mpleen, IlyStericr , Pauilse In the
Bowels. Colic, Paralysis, and dernuge.
ment of the Stomach, all of whichl:, when
originating in this cause, put on the inter.
Smittent type, or becomne periodical. This
"CORn;." expels the Ipoio frroll the blood,
and conscqueutly tcures them all alike. It is
an Invalnable protecmtion to immigrant.ts andi
persons travelling or temnporarily residing in
the mirlarionstta dlishtricts. If taken occasion.
Snally or daily while exposed to the infection,
that will be excreled f1rom the systemn, an4
cannot accumui:lte in sullicienit quantity to
ripen into' liscetc. Ilence it is even more
valuable for protection than cure; and few
will ever sulTer fi'om Internnittents if they
avail themselves of the protection this rem
edy affords,
.For Liver Complaints, arising from torpid.
ity of the Liver, it is an excellent remedy,
stimulating the Liver into healthy activity,
and producing many truly remarkable cures,
Swhere other medicines fail.
PRUPARED Bn
SDr. J. C, ATER & CO., Lowell, Mass.,
Pr..deml and Analtiteal CkeesOets,
AND BOLD ALL ROUND THB WORLD
WILLIAMS' MOWER & REAPER
(augesb~ea ale seed Ma made. ndU fo
thi. reaoo Slr al ethr.. Fer
BSEMPLE, BIRGE & CO,
13 South MainStreet, St. Louis,
please state la what paper yos aea thius
nf's Imptnl Secli Boal
Par~abl Speedy anl tamg. The lStanldal
Beataforzploring, TraveIllnr unting.& iu
Ing Trapping &a. ~P For description an
pride addrens
SEXPLE, BIRGE & CO,
13 BOUTI lAIN BTEEET, ET. LOUmI,
IPhda plse tste in whlt pserpyue tgb
[ (i i Get your printing done at
'the V\-IDTCATOR Job Office.
Bit
Gratefil Thousands proclaim
VINEGAIn BITTEI:S the most wonder
fult Invigorant that ever sustained
the sinking systeUa.
No Person can take these Bit.
ters according to directions, and re
main long unwell, provided their
bones are not dcstroyed by mineral
poison or other mteans, and vital or
gans wasted beyond repair.
Bilious, Itermittent, and In
terlilittent Fevers, which are so
nrevalent in the valleys of our great
rivers throilugjltit the. United States,
especially thosu; of the Mississippi,
Ohio, Missouri, Illinois, Tennessee,
Cumberland, Arkansas, I}:d, Colo
rado, Brazoes, Rio Grande, Pearl,
Alabuna, Mob;le, Savannah, Ro
anoke, James, :and many others,
with their vast tributarie', through
out our entire country (ldring the
Summer and AuTBhun. and remarka
bly so during seasns of unusual
heat and drynes:,, are invariably ac
companiel by extensive derange
Inents of the stogrtch and liver, and
other abdominall viscerva. In their
treatment, ta pu'rgative', eterting a
powerful iniueiwe upon'. these vari
ous organs, is eC:entially necessary.
There is no cathlrtic for the purpose
equal to 1)a. J. WALKER'S VINEGAR
BrTIERS, as they,, will speedily remove
the dark-cldored vi'eil Iatter with which
the bowels are loaded, at the same time
stinmllatinig the secretion:; or the liver,
and generally resto'ing the healthy t'fuc
tiotns of the dligestive organus..
Fortify tho body against dis
ease by purifying all its tluids with
VINEGAR B1ITT'ERS. NO epidemic Can
take hold of a systi'm thus Iore-armed.
Dyspepsia or Indigestion, Head
ache, Pain in the Shoulders, Coughs,
Tightness of the 'Chest, Diz.iness, Sour
Eructations of the Stomach, Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Bijious Attacks, Palpita
tion of the iHeart, Inflanmatlion of the
Lung:. Pain in the region of the Kidneys,
and a hundred oilier paitifunlsym ptomns,
are the ofl:prings otf Dyspepsia. One bot
tle will prove a better guargnutee of its
merits than a lengthy adverti :ement.
Scrofula, or King's Eiil, White
Swellings, leers, Erysipelas, Swelled
Neck, Goitre, Seralflous lnf:tlmmations,
Indolent Inflanmmtions, Mercurial afilec
tionis, Old Sores, Eruptions of the Skin,
Sore Eyes, etc. In these, as in all other
conti:titutioial Diseases, WALKER'S VIN
i.m; BITT 3rERS have shown their great cur.
ative powers in tho most obstinate and
intractable cases. I
For Infllammatory and Chronic
Rhellitatism, ,qut, Bilious, Remit
tent and Intermiutent Fevers, D)iseases
of the Blood, Livo e Kidneys and Bladder,
these Bitters have no equal. Such Dis,
cases are caused by Vitiated Blood.
Mechanical Diseases.-Persons
engaged in Painti and Mineral;s, such as
Plumbers, Type-setters, Gold-beaters and
Miners, as tlhey advanlct in life, artn suLb
ject to paral'sis of the Bowel.. To guard
against this, txko a dose o' WALiEWS
SINEGA a BrITTr'R oeCaionil!y.
For Skin DI)iseases, Eruptions,
Totter, Salt.K Rheum, Blotches. Spots. Pim
ples, Pustules, 3Boils, CarbuncleS, Ring
worms. Scald-lread, Sore Elvis, Ervsipe-,
las, Itch, Scurfs, Discolorations of the
Skin, Ilumors anti l)iseases of the Skin of
whatever namne or nature. are literally
dug up and carried out of the system in a
short time by the use of thes? Hitters.
Pin, Tape, and othler Worms,
lurking in the sy.tem of so mahy thou
sands, are effectually destroyed and re
moved. No system of medicine, no ver
mifuges, no anthelminities will free the
system from worns like these BIitters.
ForFenmale Complaintls, in young
or old. married or single, at the da*n of
womanhood, orthe turn of life. these Ton
ic Bitters display so decided an influence
that improvement is soon perceptible.
Cleanse the Vitiated Blood
whenever you find its impurities bursting
through the skin in Pimples, Eruptions,
or Sores; cleanse it when yot find it ob.
structed and sluggish in the veins; cleanse
it when it is foul; your feelings will tell
you whe9. Keep the blood pure, and the
health of the systeml will follow.
R. H. ,MkDONILD Ji CO.,
Draggists dl Gen. As., San Fratneliseco, Califobr
al, & cor. of Wlhingtonl and Charlton Slta.,N.Y.
atlld by all DrIeagistas aad Dealber.
EYERY FARMER HIS OWN MILLER.
CHALLENGE FEED MILLS
AID
Combined
8HELlER AND GRINDER
WIl rlad any lnd atof
?eeI, whether wetordry'
Osage Corn and Cob Mills.
l., Daebuap~ and Meess UlIM
SEMIPLE, BIRGE & CO.,
EMaatehrer ai raaeul ptelmeasnt a m sps.
eialtiees in Urdware,
13 esse nas at., ST. LOUI.e
gPlea meataaon I uant aapr yra resthbl
SORGHU HACHINERY,
CAEII ILLS,
EVAPORATING
PAN8,
FURNACES.
Pamphlets
and Prices sent to parties
applying, who will please
mention in what paper thej
saw this advertisement.
semple, Birge & Oo..
s OUriTH MAIi s.. .. to0
JoBl;OFFICE.
C
tj
S _
ALL KINDS O F i
it
ti
ii
J
WJOB PRnBlTINK ET
ol
CIA
III
n i
114
tr
It
ti
ti
It
AlHAND BILLS.
N
Ii
HAND BILL S,
01
r
I
1
1
CARDS 4
I
I
200 I'AGES; 501) ENGRAl\INGS, and
COLORED PLATE. Published quar
terly, at '25 ('.uts a Year. First NiS. for
11874 just issued. A German edition at
same price.
Address, JAMES VICK.
'Rochester, N. Y.
THE BEST PAPER ! i
BEAUTIFULLY ILLUSTRATED.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN now in c
its 29th year, enjoys the widest cireulh,.
lion of any weekly newspaper of the kind i
in the world. A new volume connmences
January 3, 1874.
Its contents mtnhrace the latest and most
interesting information pertaining to the
Industrial. Mechanical, and Scientlilic Pro.
gress of the World; D scripitions, with i
Beautiful Engravings, of New Inventions.
New Processes. and Impnroved Industries ,
of all kinds; Useful Notes, Recipes, Sug
gestions and Advice, by Practical Writers,j
for Workmen and Employers. in all the I
various arts.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN is the
cheapest and.best illustrated weekly pa- 1
per published. Every number contains J
from 10 to 15 original engravings of new
nlmchinlerv and novel inventions
ENG ihAVI 'GS, illustrating Improve
sments, Discoveries, and Important Works. f
pertaining to Civil and Mechanica Engi
neering, Milling. Mining and Mertallurgy:
Records of the latest progress in the Ap- 1
plications of Steam, Steamn Engineering,
:lilways. Ship Building, Navigation.
Telegraphy, Telegraph Engineering, Elec
tricity, Magnetism, Light and Heat.
FARMERS, Mechanics. Engineers,
Inventors, Manufacturers. Chemists, Lovi
era of Science, Teachers, Clergymen, Law
vers, and People of all Professions, will
find the SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN Iseflll O 1
theim. It should have a place in every
Family, Library, Study, office, and Count
ing Room; in every Reading Room,
College. Academy or School.
' A year's numbo s contain n32 pages and
SE\'ER.L HUNDRED ExNGRVINGSm Thou
sands of volumes are perserved for bindl
ing and reference. The practical receipts
are well worth ten times the subscription
price. Terms $3 a year by mail. )is
e nut to Clubs. Specimens sent free.
May be had oft all News ealers.
D'TreI vrS, Iin eonnect ion with
.t , FAA I ,o the SiENTIFIC
AMEInCAN, Messrs. 3USN & Co. are
Solictors of American and Foreign Patents,
and have the largest estldishment in the
world More than fifty thousand applicA
tions have been made for patents through
their agency.
Paents are obtained on the best terms
Models of New inventions and sketches
examined and advice tree. All patents
are published in the Scientific American
the week they issue. Send for Pamphiet.
I1t pages, laws and full directions for
obtaining Patents.
A dress for the Paper, or concerning
Patents. MuxN & Co., 37 Park Row.
N. Y. Brach Office, cor. F and 7th Sts.,
Washinton, I) C.
Jany 1 l)d4.-ly
TII SATURDAY EVENING POST.
A Beautiful Chromo to every yearly Sub
scriber.
MAX ADELER. THE GREAT UrIMORIST,
A WEEKLY CONTRIBIUTOR.
The Saturday Evening Post has beec
the great Literary Weekly for halft' a cec
tury. It publishes Serial after Serial of
Love and Adventnre---and yet does not
neglect shorter stories and sketches. It
g'ves a short Historical Sketch weekly.
Max Adder (the great Humnorist.) is a
regular contributor. "Zig," the spiciest
of our lady writers, also coutributes reg
alarly. . Olive King, Daisy Evebright,
Ella Wheeler, &c., &e., are frequent cor
respondents.
Our premium Chromo for the coming
year, is entitled
"ONE OF LIFE'S HAPPY HOURS."
It is a beauty--the work of Sinclair &
'Co., one of the oldest and most cele
brated firms in the country. A copy of
this Chromno will be given to every year
ly subscriber for 1874.
Remember! The price of the Post is
fifty cents lower to Club Subscribers than
the prices of the other first-clahs Week
lies, and yet we give each of th6m a
Chromo besides!
TERMS-Always in Advance.-One
copy (with Chromo,) $3.00, Four copies
(and fum Chromos,) $8.00, Six copies (and
seven Chromos,) 912.00, eight copies (and
eight Chromos,) $16.00. The sender ot
this last club will be entitled to a copy
of The Post and Chrome gratis.
One copy of The Post-(3.00,) andl one
of Arthur's Home Magazine, ($2.5i,) with
the Premium Pictures of both periodi
cals, will be sent for $4.50. Ten cents
extra must be sent for mailing pietres.
Ten cents must be sent for every chro
mo ordred, to pay the expenses of mail
ing, or .5 cents ,if the chrome is desired
mour.ted on card-board or muslin.
Sample numbemrs sent~gratis.
Address.
THE SATURDAY EVENING PO(T,
319 Walnut Street, Philadelphia.
Nov. 15.--ly.
VIA THE
LOWE STAR ROUTE!
,lNTERNATIONAL AND GREAT NORTEIRN
RAIL ROAe,.)
Passengers going to Texas via Memphis and
Little Rock, or via Shreveport, strike this line
at Longview, the Best Route to Palestine,
Hearne, Waco, Austin, Huntsvfile, Houston,
Galveston and all poinuts in Western. Central,
Eastern and Southern Texas.
Passenogers via New Orleans 11l flind It the
Best Route to Tyler, Mineola. Dallas, Overton,
Crockett, Longview and all points in Eastern
and Northeastern Texas.
This line is well ouilt, thoroughly equipped
with every modern inprovement, inclaludin
New and Elegant Day Coachbs, Pullman P'r
ace Sleeping 'ars, Westinghouse Air Brakes I
Miller's Patent Safety Platforms and Conup.
lers; and nowhere else' can the passnger so
oop tely depend on a speedy, safe ani cornm.
The LONE eTAR ROUTE has admirably
answered the querysj "How to go to Texas *'
by thebo publication of an interesting and truth
ful documeut, containing a valuable and cor.
rect meap, which can b obtained, free ofcharge,
by ddreaing the GENERAL TICKET
AGENT, International and Great Northern.
Railreadl llostoTl. Text.
TK 4..s l ,"c · ! , •,
The Favorite iiome Remedy,
This unrivalled Mlediri!. is wa-~a
not To containi a s:;ilgle pariif-( ofiater
or any iljilriolus substalnce. but is
PURELY VEGETABLE.
Sc(ntaining those Sonthern ro,ots and hett,
which an all-wiste P'rovidence has placa
i in countries wheret Liver Diseases my
prevail. It will cure all Dise:ases caui
by derangement of the Liver and Bo;e
Simmons Liver Rcgnlator. or leditine,
Is eminently a Family Medi,.ine: and b
being ke,.t ready for immediate re.sert wi~
sav many ian hiour of suttillg, andmauy
a dollar in time and doctors' bills.
After over Forty Years' trial, it istQ,
recei ving the most unqualified testimounij
to its vi'lllne froml persons of the hight
rcharnetcr and responsibility. Eminep
physicians contmmend it as the most
Elfertual Sprcilie for. Dyspepais or 1oi
gestlioi.
Armed with this ANTIDIOTIE, all climst,
and changes of water and food min , be
facedl without tiar. As a lHenedy in 3iA
LARI' S FEVER:s, IOWLL CO(
PLAINTS, Restlessness, Jaundice, Nanou
IT 1KE A.iLA 1O 2CTTA."
It is the Cheapest. P'urest and Best Fami
ly aM.ldicinte in the World!
Is Ilauufactnlred ,nly by
J. It. ZEILIN & CO.,
lMacon, Ga., and Philadelphia.
Price, One Dollar. Sold by All Druggist.
Dec.2 O-ly
SR. R. R,
RADWAY'S READY RELIEF
CURES THE WORST PAINS
In ;rom One to Twenty Minutes.
NOT ONE HOUR
aL'.rrcad.int; .'t n .rtasee.nt oer erur.y onsl
sP'FFE;; WITHI PAIN.
RAlIWAY. LRArY It1LIE' IS A CRI:E P4i:
It watbe lUritan la
The Only Pain Rtemedy
thatt instantlty s o the e, ,erneisn paix. llr.,e :
Int'.umatiuoun. nile',r" s (o',:,,et:iMuat. rhether odfthl
a i11on, tumach, muoceis, or ut.br glandaotorgan, bi
one applicattun.
IN FROM ONE TO TWENTY MINUTES.
to matter bow violoent or exrtllatlltng the pait se
RHi eL ATIC:, l:te rieddein. In irnm. rpp!.t. hertes
. eutralic, or prourated with dti nany luhlr,
RADWAY'S READY 2ELIEP
WILT AFFORD IN.TANT EASE.
INFAMMATION OF TI. KIDNFY.9.
INFLAMMATt)N (OF TUl BDLADDIE.
,INFLAMMATION (F THE ioWEL.s.
CONGEýTlUN ()F THE LUNG8.
BORE THROAT, DIFRvi;'r' BREIATIHING.
PALPIT'ATION tOF TH HEART.
HYSTERICS, CROUk', DI&PITERIA.
CA TARIW, INLUINIZA.
HEADACHE, TOOTITACl E.
N ' R A ATIA. RHEtllATIW.
COLD CHILIS, AGUE UCHIILS.
The application of the Ready Rslirefto tepartor
parts wherethlepain or difficulty existswilll atrd eaw
andl t'.nluorL
Twenty dropsinha'fatuonbler of water willina"Sr
momentacure CHRAMPS,SPA !S.SSU R lT MA INCH,
HLAII'IBU RN, SICK LEAltACUlt, DIAPII.ROIA.
DY5s:NTbERY liLIC, WIND IN THE BuWML,
andallI .TEMIdALPAINS.
Travelers should always carry a bottle of LRad
Way's Readv Relitr wht:hem. A tew dropala
water willprevent scklvele or pains froa rhange of
water. ltis beaterliSan rench brandy or Bllers Ms
tinmulant.
FEVERi AND AGUE.
PEVFRANDD AiUrnrdforffty etnrts. Te' is
Data remedial agenutin this world that will cure Feer
aed Atle. and all oilier Mhl'zriozs. Bilouns. iScarle,
Typhoid. Yellow, and other Fever [aided br RAD
WAY'S P1.S I s quicckas RADIWA.Y'SRBADP AE
LIEF. F i:ty centsper bottle.
HEALTHI BEAUTTI!I.
BTRONG AND PURE ETIC BW)OD-IICZIAEg
OF FLRSH AND WEIGUIT--J'LEAH SKIN AND
BIAUTIULCOMPLEXO WdECURME T )ALL
DR. RADWAY'8
Siaparillial esireit
THE CREAT BL0OOD PURIPFIER.
HIAR IADRTHBR MIOT ASTONIIHINO CURP8: So
QUICK. 80 RAPID ARE THE CH (IIANGEB.Ti
BODY U'NDEROOU8.UNDKRTHR lNPFLUGNC
OF THIS TRULY WOIDERFUL MEDICIII
TRAT
veljla all erene iilt
v al aei isSeet allell.
Every drop el the 8.AlWPARTLLIAWl 1le0
ENT cammnnicaiu roughibe e leood. Swat. Urti
anud other Pluids anodjuices of the sv em thevigerl
If ,foritrepasirth wasesf the bod" with aew
mound materlal. Serofula, 8yphtlls Coaompli,
Olnadalr diselase, Ulers h e throi, Iloutalh s
moro No4elnth(b Glandsand obperno thesfwr
the worst forms of CSla dmeases, rumtions, Feemr
Mors, iealdI l·a Ring WoLrm eltRhlulF.ryslipSlm
Acne Bla.t1 Spil, Worsln tbrefae , Tamrs. (DI
sersinihe Wom sald aUwakeaiaagadrInfel dia
el s ilghtb welat, Lee ofbperman h waill t_
thelrpplm wI t thi e cu ear.tive raglth1i
wousotoeratkemistry. sndatew days' ewil
proveitoa persoahilagatfore ther ol. thsaebir s
~eue 1(· pourerow"r toemu e m.
iths,,psendaly becoming redoued byth.wst
~sd·ouad h conlimully propelseg. se -
with aeawaaterillnoes from t ood-.nd
ti SAKUAPARILIIAN willand doe sseure-seos
tlorIsn; ,r hegbone this remedly ommenev vs
workofpurtfication and Msucceeds In dimlnishlg tiLe
Igeof wastesl. ts rsgirswll] be raiLn and ever7 da
od w Lhrat sui. es. .
Notonly doeshe SAatIPwatsLlaN RuKg svlgeshm
all '*own remehalagmalathe c re ofstCbro eIs
fulous. uonaitaiional, m Shn disaes; butitisL
only posilive cure or
tdnaety a BIud er Co rplte.if,
Urimsrryal Wombdinses.Ornel. Diahetes. *r
St of Water, incoattenecof Ui'rine. riigb's
See, lbumlaua, ard In all eases where tem
brickddeposits, or the wsr is thlek elod. mim
wthsshtuace lke the whiteofsa orerhdem
whltestlk ortherlal morrbid.d, L-billous appi_1
saces. and white bodedepaslpteln. a wehe1astr
aprcigLIo. buraiallitea haungwstll. id
2mer of IS sare' Greas
oured bl Beews's RIe.e'ut
'DR. RADWAY'8
pebiutly taetsles. legatly ees with sweet
pI urse. ep u ye ofleure cle sean istre thel
lvr. Bowels, Kidaney, Bladder. Nrravo' Dist2Y.
. idebel, Coantsthn.ostimesaU. Idigelmlon,
opsbt Htllousnes. Bhilks Fever.Ionammatio otnI
owelr Pile. and all Derangemments of tha leteti
V Wersr. Wranted to cbet a positive cmaer Ft
Vegetablc ca, aigning noereury. miusrslaaor dglsIi
msdrugs.
A few dosesof Q ADWAl'R PTfL8 wll ee tle
Refromallthe aboveaacedddiorters. Price. s
Sper Bolt. iOLl) B DRUIGITs. .
READ "'FAL. AWND TRUE.'' Sfad mse I
ItmptORADWAY & CoI. W. ..T2 Warren F'. Jt
Y ok fortostortxionwthb tbhljadsw u . re'i
_______ 0