-' H. COSUGROVE, . . Editor.
NATCIHITOCIII ES
aTUTRDAY - -- - Feb. 20, S175.
Adrertihilg Rates.
 .'a.++r~T -:- ...
,,,,' ,
a.1pquRE1, E= r y c
5 j1e:r.., r,11'1 Iý : 1 t ". I { 11
1s larei... 70-1 1:) P 15 '1 "!!i
$ squarea... 10 (X 13 : ,v 0n l s 01 1 31 O1
Ssquares..-, 41'' I~t i "r. : -, 1' 35
+ s quares... 1711 2.' I.0 , :15 f i "s 0
eqnaras... 1. . 24 10 32 .l' ,i), 45 00
- nquaren... 2300 27 t) t1 .;1 1u1 ,0( 90
squares... 2601n 3o r) a q)11'.) o r , 1
' lclorrre~q.. , B6' 1! l, c'Jt I5 1,1,) el, ,()
, squares... 301 3 5 11 Ii0 . 57 011 (.
lsiares ... !15 . f ii) l 3' 711 I ! 6 ill '5 00I!
squaren... 01 0 1 (1(5 )) S I th
STransient adclrtiseu:ent4if. .5, per qiar:, ofl
lione, ,roviter, first ins,rtin. h subse
.#0nc insertiton 75 cents pr lllsquare.
A, lUR JOB OFFICE is slpplidll with a
beallt variety Of type, Iand) wo,'k ill this dIlepart
Srat performed with ne:atness and at reoder
M. prices.
Terms, CAlSl on delivery of work.
.. gRates of Subscription,
SOme Copy one year ..........................(',
One Coep" six umonths......................2 o00
(Paablle in advance.)
S:.John J. Hoerbert, is our duly authori
ijsd travelling agent.
. Notice to Contributors.
 Nio eommunientinns will he mulhlishped
less accomnpanid by the ullthr' real
me. Buat one sideo of the sheet to be
:tten upon when sent to is for insr
Articles to be short and to the point,
,q have attention.
These are or rules and they must be
ictly adhered to.
Premiums to Subscribers.
.The Vindicator will be 'sruishied to
eubscribers at the following rates.
1 year.... ... ............... '3
6 mos......................... 42
. No subscription' received for less
#au six months.
'1.LL Si:BSCRIFTIONS INVARUABLY IN
MOvAxcE.
We will fnrnish to each yearly sub
aeriber a magnificent Steel Engraving
9~24 inches. Now is the time to
Lubscribe-write to our Editor for
.Jub rates, in which we offer special
bdneements.
:,Iainy and cloldy, damp and chilly
!weather has taken such a liking to us,
that we cannot shake it off, although
.e repeatedly give it the cut direct.
'he clerk of the weather is as stub
born as Grant on the Louisiana ques
ltli; it will not give up or grant us
the least ray of sunshine or hope, for
.the better. What can we do when
he elements of fire (arms) and wa
;-,er are combined against us ? If
thdre was a volcano in the neighbor
bood, we verily believe that we would
have been, long ago, buried as deep
as Herculaneum or Pompei.
The unbroken friendship and kind
'ass of Captains Sinnott and Mitchell,
never fails to bring us into debt for
.Avors granted. We are sorry that
there is such little cotton coming in
*r shipment, and their packets are
eompelled to leave with light freights
7lThe advertisement of Messrs. ?Pe
tJicaU, Bludworth & Co., will bhe
found in another column. Every
betnber of the firm is a finished
* ºorkman in his line; experience and
Iptelligence are their guides, and the
public will find it to be so, if they
611 upon them.. Terms are strictly
)ash-it cannot' be otherwise. In these
'lrdtimes credit is dead; no one oan
get anything but for cash, and it
oaust not be expected that the work
n will work for anything but cash.
Pws, wagons, carts, spades, hoes ;
that the planter or gardener needs
oin be made or repaired at their shop.
-- nest, sober, industrious, and thor
Saghly versed in all the minutiae of
'thir trade, they are sure to com
sankppatronage and give entire sat
Ifaetion. We wish them all the sue
eas they are justly entitled to. Call
upon them and you will. never regret
Ik We cannot understand why it is
sir people will pcrsist in getting their
IAmipg utensils from the North,
when here, at their very doors, they
can get all their agricultural imple
•aents made as they want them, of
ach better material; stronger and
ore durable, for precisely the same
rice-Were the planters a unit in
Smovement, and give them a suf"
cent amount of' patronage, the firm
Id afford to reduce their prices
1 lower; and cost of freight, stor
and transportation, would be so
ach more saved to farmers.f How
. g will our people continue to fa
Sthe North at the expense of the
th, when there is no reason for a
DEnTir WOULD BE IMPOSSIBLE if
S proclamations of the alcoholic
,truam-moogers were true. But,
alasi their terrible excitants send
tlihousands staggeriid t the grave.
Q1oigi fuel to the fire of
with such deadly compounds
thte cooling, renovating, purify
, ad regulatltig effec of that in
able pos ion of herbal jui
s extrnag , Dr. Walker's Call
is Vinegsr Bitters-the sole ape
-tor Dyspepsia, Physical Debility,
be Billions Colic, Livor donu
Qout, k tin aim. a ad
How Long Must Louisiana
* Wait?
The essence of a republican fern
r, of government is political virtue. The
best government is the one that pro
cures the greatest possible happiness
to all its eitizens. That the Union, as
a whole, is prosperous, no person can
reasonably den y; but that its pros
perily, since the war, is as thorough
Iand complete, as a good government
can make it, and not only partially
so, 1non1o but a partisan and projuldº
o; ced pet of Executive patronage,
Swill have the ,ohlness to assert.
SThe pilot at the helm is certainul3 not
o1 responsible for the rapidity and force
on of cur:rents, and the violence of coln
trary winds ; but he must be held ac
Ir countable for the bad and reckless
management of the ship, which en
dangers her safety, and brings des
t traction to all on board. General
Grant is that heedless and reprehen
sibll steersman.
The influence of military fame and
the power to bestow, always find ad
mirers. The snplport of the present
administration is not the result of a
- patriotic spontaneity, but springs
1- from an interested, pecuniary m!o
tive--Hence the approval of the eru
eI policy stubbornly and steadily
pursued by the President; by those
1 who prefer centralization to consti
e tutional liberty ; by office-seekers
r- and bond-holders at honme, and by
those abroad, who have invested in
United States securities.
W Calsarism has its votaries, even
here in this reputed "asylum of the
oppressed," the land of the "brave
and the free." Threatening and om
o inous signs were seen in the political
sky of the North, East and West,
last fall, foreboding evil and disaster
to such a dangtrous experiment
State after State went conservative,
9 by overwhelming and condemning
majorities; yet, the despotic mad
man heeds them not. Hie must
"tight it out on that line, if it takes
all sumlmer."
Behold Louisiana overthrown, torn,
g bleeding at thie despot's feet-strick
o en, dishonored and ruined; with the
r Declaration of Independence in ume
hand, and the Constitution of the
United States in the other; looking
regretfully at her happy past; anx
iously at the future, and imploringly
s appealing on all sides; she wailingly
' recites her misfet tunes and piteously
h cries for help-Her credit is gone;
t. her substance wasted; her very bow
els torn ; her house divided against
itself; one-half of her children frow
5 ard, wicked, depraved and slander
F ing, robbing and oppressing the other
n half, and making way with their in
- heritance; her star' erased from the
f Union of free States, and her present
condition helpless, What the future
d will do for her, it is beyond our pro
P phetic ken to foretell. Were the
breasts of Americans still animated
with the spirit of freedom, there
would yet be some hope left.
Are we the same nation who re
r belled on account of the Stamp Act,
Sand the tax on tea; and fought
" against the impressment of our sea
Smen into British service? Can it be
' possib!le that a people who condoled
with unlhappy Greece ; denounced the
- enslavement of Poland; condemned
a the condition of Ireland; and eman
Scipated the slaves within their own
I borders, can be so completely cha.ng
ed in sentiments, and willing to riv
e et the chains of despotsm upon their
F own limbs? If the acts of the pres
ent Congress is an indication of the
C nation's will, then the question has
Sbeen fully answered by the passage
Sof the Civil Rights bill. The rights
of four millions of negroes are 'cyu
pulonsly cared for; thie claim€s of
thirty-six millions of whites, who
Shave created and built up this Re
public, have been "shamefully dis
regarded, and ruthlessly tranmpled up
Louisiana is one of the victims of
-that policy, steadily and unrelent
ingly pursued. Promethean-like, she
Sis bound to "the pillar of centralism,
and the hungry vultnures of tyranny
are preying upon her vitals. Is she
r to endure the torture forever? or
can she Ihope to be freed of lher suf
Sferings, by the northern Hercules?
Her condition is known; her groans
are heard; her agony witnessed-Ex.
pressions of sympathy is all the re
lief she obtains-she still waits pa
Stiently for that action alone, which is
to bring deliverance with it; the ae
tion of a great people aroused, indig
Snant anu determined upon her res
cue. This, this only, can restore her
to health, freedom anid the bosom of
a fiamily of firee States.
SWe call the'attention of our read- I
Sers to thie communication of W. II.
Redmond, the defaulting Tax Collec- I
tor of the City of Natchitochles. We I
F give it for what it is worth. If true;
:what can be said of a man who advi-. I
see another to iturn a buildling, by 1
which two or more squares of our
city would have been made a heap of
ashes-in a fewv hours, in order to des
troy the proofs of his dereliction of
duty, or hide his rascality ? This dis
closure is simply startling-But the t
mad driving of such a vicious, foam
ing, stampeded four-in-htand team,:as
Blunt, Myers, Raby and Boallt, is
still or6;frightfui and .ppa inig-It 1
4iats balloon ascention, wire-walk- I
ing and the swallowing of folks, all
ualow..Mino Gotsl Vt iah dAt'!' t
; ,,A . ,"
aOur Duty.
The Vildicator comes out this week
I enlarged from a six, to a seven colunin
e newspaper. It has always been our
- endeavor to make it worthy of the
IS patrounge it receives, by representing
S thithfully and .correctly, the s,-n
n timients and feelings of our people,
on the eIgroHsing political subjects
hI of the day; to post them up oil all
it occasions, on the duty which they
3' owe,'a citizens, to the country in gen
I- era!, and to their State, in particular;
' in a word, to mnake such a paper as
. it. readers need, and have a right to
t expect from us. We believe that we
e have the right to say, that we have not
faltered nor failed as sentinels on the
watch-towers of our liberties,. who,
understanding their duties, dare per
form them in the face of opposition,
under the greatest disadvatitages, and
1 without fear or relproachl'from any
quarter-We have always approved
and eineouiaged what we conceived to
Shbe conducive to the welfare of tlhe
commlon vealth, and condemned and
t denounced with equal readiness and
a freedomt, whatever we conscientious
ly believed to be in the least opposed
to the honor and prosperity of the
people, no matter whence it came,
whether from friend or from foe.
e Our political enemies have no rea
son to be satishied with our course,
for we have never failed to show them
' up in their true character, and to
U trounce them as they deserved. Ye
do not regret their enmity towards us;
I the approval of the corrupt and vi
Scions is by n1o means the olject of
our ailblition. Ihi;l they been sin
core in their views' and pure in their
Smotives, we would have been as rea
dy and willing to give them credit
r for that. Fairness and truth would
- have prompted us to make the ac
,knowhldgeineut. lBut when educa
I ted, native-horn Louisianians, traittprs
to their country and their j race,
t are at work night and day, etholly,
s deliberately and for luck;,' to break
the State down, in order to pull them
selves up, it is natural for public
journalists, to lash them openly, as
their 'consciences tortures them 'se
eretly, We have our duty. to per
form and .will, not shrink from it,
and the mode of doing it, wb shall
certainly not borrow from them.. The
unblushing corruption pervading the
three branches of our Federal and
State governments, is such as to re
call to every reading man, the worse
dlays of the Roman Empire--The
parallel is strikin' and 'complete.
There is not a deed, there ;ik ntt a
measure, there is not a Ieant of ac
complishing nefarious ends, ,which
cannot be found in, the one as in the
other-Extravagance, corruption of
morals; rampant sebserviency; bri
bery, libel, public informers, pros
cripition, murder; ignoraftee is a fa
vorite on accoint of its viciousness;
freedmen are preferred to free born
Amnerigan citizens; tihe scum is raised
to the surface; barbarians have in
vaded the Senate House of the na
tion; presents are made to curry fa
vor with the tirant; pretorian guards
execute with cruel vengeance thie des
pot's decrees; provinces tremble when
thie Casar is angry; proconsunls are
created to plunder and oppress the
people; the ruler's frown forces a
smile to the lips when the heart is
ready to burst withl sorrow i the vir,
tuons and the worthy are eondemned
to silence, and doomed to bear mis
representation and persecution and
despafir; thie soldiery led by a Se
janus surrounds the legislature, and
drives out the representatives of the
people by force of arms; the vile,
only, enljoy a happy state of exis
tence; in fine, the Jives of citizens
are made bitter with .hard bondage,
insult and oppression. The features
are the same in both pictures.
When such is the condition of the
Republic, is it a wooder that Jave
nals, with their biting and scourging
satires, spring uli on .every side, and
that such papers a's the New Yeork
IHerald and Sun, New Orleans, Bdlle
tin and Bee, Shreveport Times, and
The People's- Vindicator, havne be
come a public necessity Did they
not reflect boldly alnd whatevery.
body thinks, and fearlessly defend
the rights of an outraged peall, they
would have no eridteice'and find no
sale. WVG earitetly. hopiie 'to' 'ee tl"
day when thie American Tiberius will
have, if not a Mbcro, at least a-Taci
tils.
Oun STRETS es ae now in' a most
deplorable and disgusting condition.
If oxen, mules and horses, could com.
pllin there would e nsuch lowing,
neighing and braying .of curses, loud.
and long,; on,some public body's heads
as to frighten our peaceable commu
nity and make them believe that-their
last hour had come, old Gabe turned
loose, and the vale of Jehonshaphat in
sight. We are now about-well we
are older thau we wish to be-but
have never seen our thoronghalres is
such a horrible state. We.blanme no
one, because we believe blame at
taehes to no one. We hope, howev
er, that as soon as onr eity fathers
get a justifiable amount of money in
the Treasury they 'will'thiink oftheir
ehlldren, and' of their 'children's
dranght tnials.' ' '
The OtGit of tle 1Petied 't:' irtis
has a ftn, handkerehie;, iiemnorin
dum book, 'and' "'*tenigrett dang
lingatt her' i.e.' Soh0oli on 'all his
gloty was -not arraydd lilke one of
these. ;;' , '
The President and the Writ of
Habeas Corpus.
n The joint caucus of the IRepublican
i Senators and Representatives, held in
e Washiugton City, made a report
g presenting a bill to authorize the
l'resident to suspend the Writ of
i, abeas Corpus, and give him power
a to use the army and navy to main
I tain peace and suppress disorder."
v Thii is clearly unconstitutional, and
Sibt to b-j found in the powers delega
ted to Congress, by the Organic law
of the land, except in cases of inva
o sion or rebellion.
E "The privilege of the rwit of habeas
it corpus SHALL NOT be suspendled, tn
e less When; in case of REBIEL..ION OR IN
SVASIosN, the public safety nmay requtire
it." Constit.ution U. S. Art. 1, Sec.
1 Unless, then, the Federal Constitu
tion be changed, this high-handed at.
a tack upon the liberties of American
citizens, has no justification; is a
e death blow aimed at our republican
i form of government; reveals the in
i tentions of a portion of the republi
can party to destroy our actual in
stitutione, and rave the way to dicto
e rial despotism. The public press of
the country, with its Argus eyes, saw
sere'ral months back what were
Grant's intentions, gave the alarm,
and warned the people to he on their
guard against such a national calarmi
ty and degredation. Hience, the N.
O. Buliet~,.'s advice to the North and
West, to muster, arm and drill their
citizcns, for an emralinent struggle
f with thetdmnimislration and its pre
torians. This recommendation was
, looked upon by a large nnmber of
Conservatives, as brutunm ,thilaen ;
t partisan bitterness, and the ravings
of a lfanatical zeal. The telhgatu from
_ Washington proves that the visual fa
cultie, of the Editors of that paper,
o reach farthor than those of others.
As for us, we are not yet prepared
to believe that the American people
{ will salad it to the suspension of that
writ which our ancestors brought over
witgi them from England; which is
considered the stable bulwark of per
r onal and civil liberty, and without
wlich a republic in fact, as well as in
nale, cannot for a moment exist. It
is the essence of that writ, that no
person shall be deprived of his liber
ty, without due process of law. Eve
ry restraint upon a man's liberty is,
in the eye of the law, an imprison
ment, no matter where or how the
restraint is eft'ected. When a person
is detained with or wrilthout duo pro
cess of law, unless for treason or felo
ny, plainly and specially expressed in
the warrant of commitment, or unless
such person be a convict, or legally
charged in execution, hie is entitled
to his writ of habeas corpus. It is a
writ of right, e~c eWrito justiciae. It
exis with fal force in England, a
constitutional smonarhy, and it must
ibe suspended in the United States, a
constitutional republic, and the pow
er to do it conferred to the President,
for all time to come, and exercised by I
him, at his own will and discretion ?
There is no rebellion, no invasion in I
thIe Iind at the present moment. We I
agree with Speaker Blaine when he
says, "heI would never vote to confer
this autocratic power on any Presi- 1
dent, now or hereafter, even if no ac
tual harm should come from it," but
we fail to see why he should consent to
it when applied to Louisiana or Mis
sissippi. In short, it is the old Nor
thern hatred of Northern men agiainst I
thie South; always willing to see the i
wchile population of the South enslav
ed, provided the balance of the Union
remain free. Now, how can we rea
sonably entertain any well founded
hope ef relief from the present Con
gress, or even fromnt the Congressional i
Committee who have just left ? We
are floating, Delos-like, on a trou
blous sea of uncertainty, without
any prospect of a fixed settlement of i
our difficulties, before the 4th of l
March, 1877.
-- -- -*e.Dca€.---,-...
GROWLER.
Deanr Gvrowler :
Couldn't youa induce the gentlemen
to give a party soon-The girls are
dying to. have a dance, and I am one
of them.
Truly yours,
I. FROLIC.
M. Pear Miss Frolic-I believet
your suggestion is a good one--Ydmng 1
people do not meet often enough
here, on such occasions. Now that
St. Valentine's day is gone and pass
ed, the youthful lover who was too
bashful to tell his love, may muster
enough courage to whisper it, now
that lie has exercised himself in pen
ning it. Dancing parties afford the
best kind of opportunity. Sitting by
our family fire side, with the young I
ones chirping and laughing around I
us, "we know how it is ourselves" to
live two lives instead of one. "Love I
is the torment of one, the felicity of I
two, the strife and enmity of three.'s i
Let us have parties, by all means; :
then a betrothal; next a wedding, r
and finally-we believe we'll say no i
more.
A would-be school teacher in Tole
do recently replied to a question by
one of the examiner: "Do you think
the world is round or fat ?'" A' say
ing: "Well, some people think one e
way and some another, and I'll teach 1
round or fat, just sa the' paretsI
please." -
A btggar was heard to remark, re
centy, that love of cards had played a
the :deue with him.n '
f The Compromise Rejected.
We are rejoiced at it-That meas
ure 'which has been the subject of
I harrowing thought and discussion, is
now dead and hurried, and we trust,
never to be brought to light again.
I For indeed, our people never went to
the polls last Fall to vote for a corn
Spromise, and to submit our political
difficulties to a Congressional Com
mI ittee for adjustment, whose con
- stituents do not live within the State
of Louisiana. We could give unan
Sswerable reasons why that comprlo
mise was but a delusion and a snare,
but we refrain from the fact that our
view of the subject has been fully ar
gued and taken by the people, and
the leading Conservative Journals in
the State.
We have only to add, that knowing
the enemy as we do, we do not be
lieve in their professions; we look
I upon them as so many Simons coun
Iaseling the introduction of a Trojan
I horse into our citadel, as a propitia
tory offering to the goddess of wisdom
-we must confess our want' of faith
in these Greeks suddenly t r a u a
formed into friends-Their willing
F ness to give up the fight, was but a
sham retreat behind a political Tene
dos. limeo Danaos et dona ferenutes.
Oar strength is our cause ; our hope
in the people of the States; our re
lief in their action. The ruler of the
land has issued his edict; Louisiana
is threatened with destruction ; swept
along by the surging flood of tlespo
tism, like Moses among the flags of
the Nile-Will history have to record
the fact that her sisters stood afar off
to wait what would become of her;
only spake, and did nothing? We
shall see.
Tiai: ST. Louis REPUBLICAN Is
none of your latter day Republican
sheets, assuming the name to suck
the pap of party plunder but it is a
real republican gaper advocating re
publican doctrines as understood by
the framers and makers of our repub
lican form of government. If there
is a paper published in America that
is ever watchful of the liberties of
the people and ever ready to defend
their rights it is the St. Louis Rlepub
lican. The advanced sentinel of Ame
rican liberty, it stands ever ready
to give the alarm when danger is
at hand. and boldly does it attack
the enemies of our institutions whether
they be in or out of power. Having
no favors to ask it has no pets to
spare, and for a true and fair venti
lation of the affairs at Washington, it
is par excellcence for usone of tle news
papers of the day.
. ,--
It is asserted as a fact that every
canvasser whilo has turnedl his at
tention to the initroduction of the
New Fanlily Sewing Machine in his
locality, or who has been fortunate
enough to secure an ogency, has out
stripped the best efforts in making
money of the old and tried Agent3 of
the high-priced machines, which lat
ter tllhey now replace. The demand
is enormous, and sales so rapid nod
money made so readily with so little
effort that Farmers, Tradesmen, Spe
culators, &c., are flocking into the
business as fast as tlhey can secure
territory and get their goods on the
ground to supply anxious customers
It is marvelous how these machines
sell when exhibited, it being a recog
nized fact that people will buy tilhe
best at the lowest price. It certainly
is thile Machine of the times and does
the same work, as other Machines at
$80.00 or 90.00, and we really believe
it would sell just as readily at double
and then not cost half the usual price
of so good an article, for it is aston
ishing to see the vast amount of labor
it performs at so low a cost. The in
ventors are daily inundated with tes
timonials of the worth of their Mla
chines which so suddenly and suc
cessofully bounded into popular favor.
It proves to be just what is wanted
every dry, by every one, everywhere,
who, have a family. It has attained an
edviable reputation in many thou
sands of homes and factories, for its
solid strength, power, rapidity, sim
plicity, certainly, and ease ot opera.
ration with extreme beauty, fineness
and reliability of its sewing; while
thile wonderful low price (Twenty Dol
lars for a large and completh Sewing
Machine with a strong table and
treadle), places all ideas of competi
tion entirely out of the question. It
stands alonein its merits and price.
We advise you to invest in one at
once for your Wife, Daughter, Moth
er, Sister or Lady Friend and make
a home happy, or put them in your
factory, or what is better if you are
lucky enough, secure an. agency if
there is none in your town, and make
money yourself. The many New At
taclhments for doing extra .fine, skil
ful and dilficult work, are a surprise
in their simplicity of construction
and far below even "grange prices,"
and will be delivered safe at your
door, no matter how rbmote you may
reside, if you write for them. Ad
dress, J. Thomson, Hauna & Co., 907
Broadway, N. Y.
"Joho, stop yoar crying," said an
enraged father to his son, who had
kept up an intolrableh yell for tlhe
last five umintes, Stop, I say, do
you hear Y" agaita repeated the fath
er in a few minutes,, the boy still cry- .
ing. "Yea don't suppose I can choke
aoff in a minute, do you I" cried the
urchin.
To the Citizens of Natchitoches.
f The 1Honesty, of .Boullt, lunt!, and
iyers land the rea ;on whiy that I sut'
fered in the Natchitoches Jail for si:
mnouths and ten days.
I want to set myself right befor'e
the pleole. I was elected City Tax
Collector of the city of Natchitoches
in the year 1873. by a hleard of Coun
cillnei composedt of Iboth. I)temocrats
Sand Ihelpulicans, and had the Iespect
of both parties but did belo'iý. to the
Republican party. By not under
standing the office, and leaviing- my
, business in the hands of lad detsign -
r ing men, I came out a defiaulter. I
was told by Dr." D. 11. lionllt why
didn't I but n out ? why didn't I cry
1 out that I had Iben robbed. I told
º the gentleman that I could no do
such a thing.
SFe told rue that I would be killed if
' I remained in Natchitoches or be put
- in jail, and he advised me that I had
better leave as soon as iossible as he,
or none of his friends, could do any
thing for nle that I had too niuch
to do with lawyer Jack & Pierson and
that he yias not a friend to any man
i who had anything to do with any
such men. I told hinm that I did not
care what was done with mlle that my
coming out behind was not through
nly intention. le lromised lme that
hI e would advise me and assist :ne
when I took the office but he did not
do so because he thought that I was
one of his enemies and that I opposed
his rascality. So lihe did all that lie
could toward my downfall. I sign:ed
a petition, in 1872, to have him re
moved from parish tax collectorship,
a petition which was signed by over
1501) colored men, which petition
Blunt, Myers and Rlaby would not so
f much as let go hItfre the Governor,
or enter the Legislature.
Colored men have come to me,
Stime and ad gain, and told loe how
;Boillt had wronged thenr ; how he
had overcharged theta for their taxes;
how lie had tried to make them pa,.
taxes on government land that theby
were on. And if it had lot been for
me several of them would have paid
]him; and how he made poor colored
men pay taxes on stick which was
never assessed, nor entered on the
tableau. These things ale' facts, andl
illhunt knows it; Myers knows it:
RIaby kuows it; .;d BoullS himself
knows it; and if they say that they
didn't know it they lie, and Redmond
is the man that can tell them so if
God spares him.
Kind friends afar and near, don't
think that the Boullts have the sup
port of Republican party of the pa:r
ish of Natchitochels; if youl do, you are
mistaken ; they have only the sup
port of Blunt, Myers and Raby and
they are too thick to split.
IONWORnBLE (s') M¥:ERS
Why is there no public schools in
Natchitoclies Parish t What has be
come of all the school money ? Why
are there no school houses built inI
Natchitoches parish t 1 can tell you :
Because you spent it all you and Blunt,
running frot pince to place. I won
der if Rlaby did't get his finger in
that pie too!
Teachers could never get half paid
for teaching school in this Parish;
they had to mrost alw'ays sell their
chiool warrants for halft; or a third of
their value toyour speculators. You
know that's so; every wordl of it,
lhouest Blunt; King Blunt; Brother
Blunt.
When did you pay any teacher $50
a month while you got $100 to teach
schlool in your place 9 I never did
know yit to pay over $30 when I
taught s:hool in your place, in 1870,
while y~u were electioneering, you
only gate me $25 while you got $100.
I told Sau that I could not stand that
and ydr added $5 mnore, and you
found *ut that I was too good a teach
er to t ach for that, so you got me a
teach 'es certificate and thie school
board .mployed me and gave me $50
per unth. Is not that so ?
I h ' these thi:Igs bIefore the people
not t elear myself of any wrong thlrat
I ha~ done, if I have done any. If
I ha e it is innocently and am willing
to r tore four fold, but to show up
s uc coward cnrs who pretend that
the. are'good friends when they are
fri da to nothing but greenbacks,
an this is not all.
W. H. REDMOND;
Srper's Weekly on the Situa
tion min Louislana.
he chief political question before
Scountry is one of administration.
're is no serious proposition to
sturb thIe final settliument of the war,
Iwever their wisdom may be ques
tmed. The Democrats, indeed,
uld undoubtedly leave the amenud
nts to take care of themselves, t
mid paralyze them as much as pes i
Sle, but they would not attemnpt to
* more. Moreover, the Demncratic
'ty is so hIopeful because of the re
;t Republican defeats, and the elec
on of 1876 is so near, that a third
ra new party organization is out of
re question, and the next "President
ill be elected either by the Demo
ats or the Republicans.
Amidst the general Republiean dis- t
ster there is, however, profound ap- t
prehension of the consequences of a
Democratic restoration. Thie real
elements 'and tendencies of that par- a
ty, which are very different from
hose of its doctrinaires, are essen
'ally reactionary to the movement
f the last fifteen years, which with
11 its errors, is a movementof nation- .
1 union, of liberty and progress. 1
houmsands of votes which have help
d to defeat tile Repulblicans during
Ie last few luontlhs are those of men
Iho are, so to speak, naturally "Re
ublican, and who would greatly pre
r to see that party, truly irnsmlnred
id wisely managed, in thie aseud
nt. 'IThey feel, Irowever, tlhat there
snothing but calamrity to be Iexpect
I of thIe present Republican course,
1d they decline to share the respon- e
Ibility of thd result.
The consequence of this situation a
that thre lepubliecan party is in
eat peril. The most sanguine Re
blienn can hardly suppose that if
e election were to take phltcee next
mth, a Republican President would k
elected. Nothing is gaimeJ by
atinggongs and tom-term, and evo
crating that such a view is cow
ly anid false, and comforting to
t enemy. The way to escape dan- c.
is not to shut your eyes, but to fi
a them. Republieans "now per- I
f ly well that in saying that thie pt
ty is divided and disheartened, we or
a thie iiilpe and obvious truth, sm
and that nothing is plainer than there
S. must he a ratdical ch uge, or the re
suit is flatallyv sure.
J Is, then, the cause of justice and of
f cqnal iights, the dominance of the
intellige.eb aind conciience of the
country in the governmenit, not worth
saving? Shatl no efforts be made'
It is objected to the Vice President,
late letter that hIe suggeststno method
AX of a4omplishing what he states
lbe desirable results. liH pronounN
n- fir chanlge, hut lie does not specify
ts changes. But if we see what if
it nlliauted the ;confidence and chillq
ie t lhe elthsiasm of the party, we cal
t also see how they are to he restored.
Iv What, then, can he dote ?
Wa. The Pi'sideut can emphatically dis.
I claim all thought of a third term.
. The msggestion of such a purpose
may have been a joke, but the coo.
lseqt (lCuelces we not comical. A Word
o ell slpoken and in season would
have been most serviceable, but it
if was witlhe!hl. If made, it would he
ut late, indeed, but the subject is got
ul merely personal to him ; it affects the
e, party, and it would relieve the pol.
-. lie jealousy of office-holding inter.
h forence in elec: ions, which is soo
id positive than ever. If it is snppoM
rn at the White House that there is a
' feeling upon this subject, and tit
t nobody relly cares., there is ai
iy nerauce of public opinion is
;h quarter which is an ill augury ft,
lt Ieipul,licans. The President alh
le could purge the civil service in net
ot a way as to show that political adi.
is vity is not the tenure of offlee. ig
Saction could be such as to indiert
le his conscirsnes;lcs that he had hitheb
,l to failed it, satisfy in this matter at
te- ust expectations' which he had e,
c, cited, and that lie had now overc0s
r thle adverset intluences which han
nt thwai ted his declared purpose. Hert
to are two very simplle and very prasi.
.r, cable measures which would instaady
tend to revive the confideace of ag
e, party and renew its energy.
w Again, the Presitlent and Congel
le together can adopt a policy in ts
L; ouisiana question which shall msa
fy the best opinion of. the coots.
SThey cannot constitutionally remal
r the State to a Territorial conditioa,
d They cannot order a new election in
i Louiisiana more than in any ether
n State. And they canlot recoaga
e and sustain a frandnleut goveremnat
d anywhere. The Republican C.m.
: mittee of Privileges and Electloas il
if the Senate, reorted two years age
y that if the election of 1872 was so
d void for franild, McEnery and his*
if sociates must be recognized.
The Republlica: Suab-Committee o
't I nrvestigatioui in the House have jea
- re-ported that a clear Conmsarative
r- maority was elected to the IUabr
e House of the Legislature last Noel..
her. If Mr. Hoar and his assoeles
d make substantially the same fepsat
the Kellogg government in Loueiai
must be cosidered what it is nowm .
erally believe to be, fraudulent sad
" illegal. To persist in sustaisiag it
' t er that would be suicidal folly, ad
a party which Ijustified its Adminis
tration in mnltltiaining a State ger.
t erinent which its owni itivestigatigU
had shown to be not the chice esf
th.l people would bl in d!anger of a 
u nihilltioni at the polls.
Is tere any thing in these sugg~
dtions discordtant with Republican pri.
Sciples ? Is it ot thie first and mht4
cardiunal principle of the party tat
Sequal rights nlr to be every wis,
" and firuly maintained in the Ulae
' under and by the law, arnd in no olthl
oero way ? And is it not precisely ie
cause their defense has been attempt
Ied by stretlching and straining m1
d wreiciing the law, that thie BepUi.
cani party is so shaken and riven u
we see it to-day ? Had there beets
prompt declaration by the Presilt
Sthat hle would iot accept a third as
t ination, had he slhown a resolute hp
position to office-holding interferens
Sill politics, had Congress removed its
Sobvious objects to its financia1 II,
Shad the perfoirmuanees of Duaell '
SCasey andi Kellgg in Louisiana bum
severely rebuked, would the Bepub
lican party have been weaker t Aal
e is there no way to deal with politial
errors but to persist in them i e
confess that we ask with some ae*
p lrehension, as we read the Senmn
Sdiscussion of the Louisiana qusetie.
If it be determined there that U
e change shall be made, we trst t
Sthe Republican press of the mn
will fail to warn the Presidel
Congress that the conaeqmenues a
plain and inevitable.
Thirty Confederate soldiers)
Bthe Tenntessee Legislature yeii
for Andrew Johnson for Seauir
against two or three distingui -
ed Confederate officers who
, opposing candidates. As -Jl
son was Military Governor of te
, State during the war and a rej
-ment Union man, does not t
Slook as if thie South had refloi
a to make the war any test ford
fice.-[Cin. Enqairer.
SA hot lemonade is one of it
Sbest renmedies in the world Aferp
cold. It acts prompt-y and eIN
Stively, and has no unpleasant Id
ter effects. One lemon proI6 '
F squeezed, cut in slices, put
I sugar,; and cover with a half piit
of boiling water. Drink just be
fore going to bed, and do not *
pose yourself on the following day.
This remedy will wart off an t,
tack of chills and fever if ide
properly.-[Ex.
"M1arry a widower! not I!n ilM
Matilda. "Babies are like tieeth
brushes-everybody wants their oWn
"Well how do you get along !?l
quired a conntry landlord, one rnf
morning, of a guest whom be had
in a top-floor room, under a165
roof. '"Oh, awimmingly," was the
reply.
-. -
1rankie (aged four)--"Mamm*, P
lady at shlool kis;iel me to-day."
Maninla-"did she, dear ? I loneydS
kissed her back." Frankie (iadig
Imnnly - "Kissed her back! No I
didn't; I kissed her cheek !"
,----- ' o-m-------.
'Wlmen the cold wind blows, take
care of your nase that it doesn't get
froze, and wrap p p your toes in warS
woolen hose." .Tbe above, we sup
pose, was written in prone, by sa.e
one who knows the effects of .OM
snow.