SSrBO' I)OIT.--AnOthler poet,
the ý%rri.town Ilie rald,,has vejl
out with several verses on th.
Sotle spring, and as the production
gg the narks ,of originaihty, we
the will not freeze to death be
fit Fourth of July. In the
'iddle of the poem lie sayr: The
r it....- gently yokes the nildl
iMle Besides the aged siw, And
t forest hies away To hoe the
cMow. The rosy milkmaid,
mod, comes striding o'er the
'o dig the fragrant shell-bark,
VI;tf1 "earliest break of dawn."
have seen the rosy mllk
tira l who has not--digging
twith the early break of
'd ' flail, can form some con
.jh *the beauties of the whole
c d" its truthfulness to nature.
oYI4G FOR TimE ALTAI.-A
''same out of the tax office,
tj other day, and, exhibiting an
~j po.ketbook to a friend,
,-Onily observed:
nýig, where's the altar of our
.,iitryj. I want to find it."
afit for t asked the other
ioms astonishment. ?
e1,i I want to lay that pock
etbook on it."
ubeetibe to the People's Vin
-or. • - .
see by the Mexican news that
Mejia has broken his ankle.
djoctor, was ot coure, Mejia-tely
..a41r.-ICommercial Advertiser.
7Died.
Io- n to City of New Orleane,
I Btarday May 15th, 1875, Miss Josu
i~ , daughter of Mr. Jules
4. znerly of this city, aged twen
.-ao' yeir.
uisaseeerted as a fact that every
agpsrer win. has turned his atten
Sthe introduction of the New
Sewing Machine in his local
.wbo has been fortunate enough
.an agency, has outstripped
- effoirts in making money of
th old and t ried Agents of the high
pc eluachines, which latter they
-s--place. The demand is enor
us,'and sales so rapid and motney
pde so readily with so little effort
-a[rumers, Ttadesmen, -Specula
, are flocking into the busi.
s as they can seenre terri
ai.d get their goods on the
i~ pply anxionu customers.
- velonus how these machines
w-IFt exhibited it being a recog
iiNL t that the people will buy
t$a heast the lowest price.. It cer
6,lJA.,the Machine of the times
the same work, as other
at $80.00 or $90.00, and .we
NsllhlievQe it would sell just as read
Viadenble and then not cost half the
rsplice of so good an article, for
jauastonishing to see the vast
at.of labor it performs at so low
a i.The inventors are daily in
with testimonials. of. the
oJ their new Machins which
sqldeelPl and successfully bounded
ii puoIr favor. It proves to- be
ja butt'.i. 'wanted every. day, .by
every one, everywhere, who hte-a
amilyR It h8 attained sas :tviable
ion i,-amany thousands of
Sp"d faCtorles, for its solid
t, eer,W rapidity,-simplicity,
t i ' .tofq ofperation, with
beauty, nese.-od roliabil
;Wi; yhile` the wonder
, Nentt Dollar' fqr a
d complete 8wingi' " eliine
strong table asnd'teadle),
Idea of competition entire
the question. It stands-alone
°ind Mice. Wesdvise
Steonat dce 1tr youear
, ýjftber,. Sistr or
em in your factorys or
itfyor  r luneky eneo,
sey there: is .none in
aad' ae mopny your
'ai ' y New. Attaclmnents
extra flne skilful and 'dif
m'r a surprise in their
daikwhtion and +far :be
i prlces," and will
o.to Iou may reside,
&40 0 . ?. IQ., 9 road
,rte mm3XT.,
mbersa ofit3 qnota
1,u, aTetail,. higher
it t blr
t :t....:'c. ..:1tý!'16e:
it;gý5i ,ue
v.;ia;j~i ..~ige
t whioh
"OhgOahu Ih bei
u;i;.~.p aItt', the
lv' 6i0i
Ipc · Per
Ms. tsan
` ml aid
,wd41 50held
'-4.3
t t
woe
Stir
J. B. LEWIS
SHREVEPDRT. LA.
Dissolution of Co-partnership.
"rIIE CO-PARTNEfRSIIIP heretofore
I existing between WINBAnI & K AFrFIE
is this day dissolved by'mutual consent.
S. Winbarg assumes all the liabilities of
eaeid firm, and all debts due said firm will
be paid to him forthwith.
S. WINBARG.
II. KAFFIE.
Natchitoches, La., May 8, 1875.
MARTIN & SMITH,
-STEAM
SAW MILL,
Six miles sonth of the city of Natchitoches
PRICE:
At the mill, per M. ....... $5.00 to $10.00
Delivered in town, per M...........14.00
W E TAKE pleasure in informing the
public that we are prepared;A take
CONTRACTS to build cabins, firnishing
therefor. lunber, material and labor, at
very low rates.
BOX COTTAGE,
with gallery, 14x18 feet, complete, shin.
gled roof, put up for $125.00
BOX COTTAGE, 12x15 feet, with gal
lery, complete, put up for $100.
Planters and others will liud it to their
interest to give us a call.
Orders left at this ofic e or with Louis
Dupleix, will meet with prompt atten
tion.
MARTIN & SMITH.
April 10- ly.
Hai
LAND! LAND! LAND! 1ri,
A Rare Opportunity Offered to
Farmers of Limited Means.
T AM OFFERING to sell the following Pri
1 described parcels of land on the liberal 1
terms set forth below:
One tract of 378 acres, situated twelve
miles south east of the city of Natchito
ches, and about one nmile west of .Old
River. Two hundred acres under fence,
one hundrendand fifty, acres open.. an Ma
about one hundred, i!: cultivation this
year. The other improvements consist co
Soff.tounr or five log, cabins, gin and press; on
small orehard, with a sping of flue
water. Good steam saw mill within four
mile of the place. I will sell this place
at ten dollars per acre, one sixth cash, A
the balance in 1, 2 3, 4, and five years,
without interest. Four-fifths of' this
place is fine fresh alluvial river soil, and
r will yield 40 to 50. bushels of corn or a T
P bale of cotton to the acre
Adjoining the above, I have 583 acres
B of the pame character, of unimproved
p land, which I will sell atS5 per acre, In I i
equal annual installments, without in
terest.
I also have 320 acres situated between Lu
Red River and Bayou Pierre, about six ti
B miles from the city of Natchitoches, all
h fine river bottom land, what is termed'
"Buckshot" laud, two hiuidred acres open,
a gin, cabins and fences almost entirely for
y destroyed. I will sell this place for $5 str
a per acre, Cash, or $8 per acre, one-fifth FR
e cash, the balance in five equal annual in
,f stallmeuts, without interest.
I have still another tract of 132. acres die
ofgood level hill land, situated one mile
from the above described place, and im
mediately on the .Grand Ecoro and Texas
road, fire miles from the city of Natchi
- toches, land well, timbered with pine,
a oak qd hickory. Improvement consist
e of double log dwellingbouse, log kitchen, -
smake-house, small orchard of figs, plumis ag
and peaches, 12 to 15 acre of open land,
all the,buildings a little out of repair,
a though occupied this year. On this place
Sis an inexhaustible well of the tfinit
r water in tho.parish. I will sell this plac
r for $60OQ0, onem third cash, the baunce
in one and-twoyears. without int rest.
To purchasers wishing to make larger Cc
cash payments,, I will make liberal do- an
duction from the above prices. D(
There is no excuse for any man being t
without a home of his own ; my tetiits
are so liberal that the annual paymenits
- only amount to. a smll rental.
r i. I H. CARVER, In
' April 19-1y. * . Natchitoches, La. TI
ar
TBRAMMELL'S l
.SAW MILL. u
(Five Milekffoin Natohitoehes.) w
10
. 50.000 Feet of Lumber for Sale.
1 rf t 10-,Do are, :"a C&"" i " to,'
I f L. at thýe Milii :
in N atdd tchee at $14
'. ~,Atch '.-l'" -.
W0 d
.
3. a
InT1 ..T
" l-are 1,-43 r ,
die
18 Corpltner CAMx a I 8
Der
-~'·~;· ~i#l~
We a t ?
-.b ~ ft
se ' bbeld !tfu
fu~I"~ 'bjle n~il6d;1ltgr" hBa4 1C·' b
~~~~~~ -zio: bc·l·a~~~c~..e- i
~ -'I.Pq
TI
tiou
even
faitli
TI
oied a
Striil
being kept ready for immediate resort
will save many an hour of suflering and
many a dollar in time and doctors' hills.
After over Forty Years' trial it is still struq
receiving the most nlqualiied testimo- It
nials to its virtues from person.; of the the I
highest character and responsibiliiy. It w
Eminent physicians commend it a:; the prop
most prili
EFFECTUAL SPECIFIC lons
For all diseases of the Liver, Stomach coot
and Spleeil roun
The Simptoms of Liver Csomplaint are '
U a bitter or bad taste in the mouth;
U Pain in the Back, Sides or Joints, often
mistaken for Rheumatism ; Sour Stom- sl
Schll; Loss of Appetite; Bowls alternate- TL
e ly costive and lax; Headache; Loss of
m niemory, with a painful sensation of hav- pStl
t ing failed to do something which ought Stni
to have been done; Debility, Low tend
Spirits, a thick yellow appearance of the of tl
Skin and Eyes, a dlry Cough often mis- tion
taken for Consumption. thre:
Sometimes malny of these symptoms insti
' attend the disease, at others very few ; aln
but the Liver, the largest organ -in the
r body, is generally the seat of the disease, ers
and if not Regnlatsd in time, great snf- fash
- fering, wretchedness and Death will en
sue TI
For Dyspepsia; Constipation, Jaundice, doll
Bilious attacks, Sick Headache, Colic, and
Ddpreession of Spirits, Sour Stomach,
Hart Burn, &c., &c. pay
The Cheapest, ;Purest and Bost Fami- loe
ly Medicine in the World! lna]
O Manufactured only by tioni
J. H. ZEILIN & CO.,
Macon, Ga., and Philadelphia. cost
g Price, $1.00. Sold -by all Druggilts. of S
l March 27, 1875.--y. get
ly S
$50 REWARD. pnp
dW AS STOLEN from the undersigned ý:
W on the night of the 2th niult., a Bay fift)
is Mare Mule, five years old, no brands re- post
t collected, has the marks of an old fistula rule
on the shoulder. I will give fifty dol- T
1 lara for the mule andtthief, or twenty-five ne
it dollars for the recovery of the mule alone. Dai
:0 WMM. M. LEVY. new
A, April 10-tf. pro]
is CONSUMPTION CURED, per
a To the Editor of IThe Peolde's Vindicator :
a ESTEEMED FRIEND:
ud Will you please inform your readers
In I have a positive
- CURE FOR CONSUMPION
and all disorders of the Throat and
Lungs, and that, by its ,use in my prac
ll tice, I have cured hundreds of cases, and
d' ill give
n, $1,000 00
tha
for a case it will not benefit. Indeed, so the
strong is my faith, I will send a SAMPLE, a fr
th FREE, to any sufferer addressing me. of 1
I- Please show this letter to any one you ser
may know who is suffering from these itfi
diseases, and (obligo, l.n
Faithfully Yoms,. ol
SDr. T. F. RT, Jn
i- 69 William St., New York. and
March 6.-1y. on
paI
S1875. . AGAIN I 1875 se
for
tiol
LOUISVILLE WEEKLY
SCOURIER JOURNAL
TkI
er Continues for the present year its liberal
lo- arrangement, whereby, on the 31st of
D)ecember, 1875, it will distribute impar- 1
ng tially among its subscribers, ji
its T10,
In presents, comprising Greenbacks and liti
. nearly one thousand useful and beautifinl n'
articles. ce
The Courir-ioniis. jla long-estab- col
lished, live, wido-awake, progressive, ai
unewsy, bright and spicy paper.
No other paper oilers such inducements no
to subscribers and club agents Circnl'ur lit
with full particulars and specimen cop- tle
ies sent free on application. w
Le. Terns, $2.00 a. year and liberal offers
to clubs. th
S Address, W. N. HALDEMAN,
Pres. Courier-Journal Co., Louisville, Ky
FIT'S I'.C~ED FREEt co
fu
Any person suffering from the above
disease is requested to address Dr. Price,
and a trial bottle of medicine will be
forwarded by Express,
FREE !
The only cost being the Express char
ges, which owing to my large business,
are small.
Dr. Prle h made the (reatment of
FITS Of EPIEPSY
a study for years, and he will warrant a
cure by the use of his remedy.
Do not fail to senolid to him for a trial
bottle; it costs nothing, and he
WILL CURE YOU,
no matter of h? long standing your
case may be, 6" hbw'~nany ether reme
dies may have tsiied.
S Circulars and testimonials sent with
- FREE TRIAL BOTTLE. "
Be partlicular to give your Expres, at
,well mas your Post Office direction, and
ice. Address, :
67 William Street, Niew York.
March 6.--ly.
Si~hnott's Line.
S Spring sadu Summer Arrangement. I
ineville, Normu's, Darbin's,
Fort Deoassy,
And All Way Landings,
The Al Magnltloent ad fast
mrnnlifng side-wheel passenger
eBART ABLEI
JILL leave New Orleans everyasturdIy aty
S qp. t., reterning leaves. Gand
evey Taoy 1 M., and Aleandria every
The steamer . I
C. H. DURFEE.
winl take the pla qf the b artBlle in lw I
water, and contlnue hlthe trade reglarly 'as
- a*t~u~aiw~r' (WID tawsbstghtala
WEEKLY AND I)AILY FOR 1875
The approach of the Presidential elec
tion .gives unusual importance to the
events and developmnents of 1875. We TI
shall endeavor to describe them fully,
faithfully, and fearlessly.
TIHE WEEKLY SUN has now attain
ed a circulation of over seventy thol- "A
sn'ud copies. Its renders are fiiolnl in
every State and Territory, and its quali
ty is well known to the public. We
slhall not only endeavor to keep it fully
up to the old standard, but to imnprove thI
and add to its variety and power. on
TilE WEEKLY SUN will continue to lip
be a thorough newspaper. All tha news rin:
of the day will be found in it, condens- thli
ed when unimportant, at full length at
when of moment, and always, we trust, art
treated in a clear, intercsting and in- fin,
structive manner. cli
It is our aim to make the Weekly S1 tip
the best family newspaper in the worldl. to
It will be full of entertaining and ap- one
prolpriate reading of every sort, but will pm
print nothing to offend the most scrupl- an
lons and delicate taste. It will always I
contain the most interesting stories and ree
romances of the day, carefully selected tin
and legibly printed. poi
The Agricultural Department is a of
promninent feature in the Weekly Sun, a,
and its articles will always be found me
fresh and useful to the farmer. All
The number of men independont in a f
politics is increasing, and the Weekly va
Sun is their paper especially. It belongs ni
to no party, and obeys no dictation, con- up
tending for principle, and for the election joi
of the best men. It exposes the corrup- eli
tion that disgraces the country and til
threatens the overthrow of republican el
institutions. It has no fear of knaves, ln
and seeks no favors from their support- chl
ers. Yo
The markets of every kind and the lilt
fashions" are regularly reported in its shil
cohumns. its
The price of the WEEKLY SUN is one be
dollar a year for a sheet of eight pages,
and fifty-six columns. As this barely mi
' pays expenses of paper and printing, we ar
are dot able to make any discount or al- I)1
low any premium to friends who may it
Inmake special efforts to extend its circula- rep
tioi,. Under the new law, which re- is
quires payment of postage in advance, an
one dollar a year, with twenty cents the on
cost of prepaid postate added, is the rate wl
of subscription. It is not necessary to Al
get up a club in order to have the Week- pr
- ly Sun at this rate. Any one who senls ar
one dollar and twenty cents will get the sp
paper, post-paid, for a year. su
We have no traveling agents. tit
THE WEEKLY SUN.-Eight pages, so
y fifty-six columns. Only $1.10 a year,
postage prepaid. No discount from this ec
a rule. ar
L- TIIE DAILY SUN.-A large fonur-page p1
e newspaper of twenty-eight columns th
3 Daily circulation over 120000. All the tli
news for .2 cents. Subscription, postage pi
prepaid 55 cents a month, or J 050 a year. la
- To clubs of 10 or over, a discount of 20 sR
per cent. Address. in
"TIHE SUN," New York City. cc
THE A
People's Vindicator,
FOR 1875.,
We take pleasure in announcing to the a
numerous friends of the VINDICTOR,
that we have perfected arrangements for I
10o the continuation of its publication upon i
Sa firm basis. The public are well aware
of the difficulties under which the Coni
"I servative press of Louisiana labor; the i
to infamous printing law aessed by a parti- n
smn Legislature, solely to foster and up- -1
Ohold, at the expense of the tax-payers, I
Jotirials entirely' antagonuistical to their "
interest, anid at war upon their liberties, d
and by forcing, under the forms of law,
our citizens to advertise in these official t
Spapers, F. o break down their power, the a
Conservative and Democratic press; con
sequently we are compelled to depend
for support Ipon the generous contribu- o
tion of a people aslready poverty-stricken, a
but we feel assured that they wivll not
fail to sustain their main power in the
war of virtue against vice
The Fearless Wihite Van's Press of a
of Iilrouisia. C
r- The future tone of this paper can be I
jiludged from its past. We will continue
to adtocate to success, the rights of the a
TAXED, that honhesty and capability, a
ALONE, shall constitute grounds tfor po
ui litical preferment, anid a continued and t
never ceasing war upon Kellogg and his I
Scorrnpt officials-knowing them to be in 1
- commo with their Chief, both usurpers
t and thieves.
We can assurethe publio that we will
it not hesitate to attack the asets of any po
Slitieal organization, when we believe
'- them to be-antagonistie to public good.
We are the seuvant of no olique or party,
rs and intend solely to protect satl defend
the rights and liberties, in our honest
way, of the whole ipeople-believing thlat
Swe have.done sufficient service in the
- cainse of the PEOPLE in the past, we I
confidently expect their support in the
future.
Te EjRMS -
be, 1 pylyear............. $3
1 " 6 mois.......... ... ... $2
(Invaiably in advaise.)
ar We fitnish as a premium to each paid
ms up ubusriber, for oun6 year from the first I
, of January, a fine BTEEL ENGRAVING,
19x2a inhes, of almost any Historical
subject.
JAS, 1. COSGROVe,
Editor.
ta P.ILLI& AREAUX,
.  Publishers.
TIHE P 1OCRATIC PAPER OF
...TIHE UNITED STATES.:
idep . of Fa mut Ctibb, rLi ock
' N tbrý1 0T ori,4 Alban,. righton, "
a g o awl Piiphia ; h New
" iuf4y4 i ket, nd Oen
eral Produce Markets of the. ountry,
a d f4ll BRports of tl New ork Mar
ket, EI ntive SBnipy of the News,
Pireil Agri uoltsrl: epartment, and
p eTng..E RM i:
r + +.... ...,..; ...... ..... 7
Saily; Terms.-0Dhq copy, on year
......................... $10 00
r Semi-Weeklyj jer*a. no- copy,
o .............j..... $3
.wo spi, u neyar, separatly ad
.. ".THE,.WO D,
: .. New Y...k City....
Ji :l· '·- · Newf Yi~rk City.
A Rcpr :s ntati\v and C'!inlion of At::crian
Art T stt ' !
5 Prospecrus for IS-.-Eidhtll Tear.
STIHE ART JOURNAL OF AMERICA, it l1
ISSUED MONTHL Y. iol
1- in tl
"A Magnificent Conception, wonderfilly Ja
carried out." into
e - Indh
y The necessity of a popular medium for 1'1s
e the repr'srentation of the productions of lien,
our great artists, has always ]ben receog. New
o nized, and many a!cttl.ts have bee of1 al
S r:ade to cmt the watnt. The sue('cesivc "ist
e- t ailres which so ivn-arihly foll,)owd e:'h totr
I1 attempt in this cotutry to cstablih.h an: vati
, art journal, did not prove the indlitT.r- TI
-once of the people of America to the che::
claims of high art. So soon as a proper 1p'e
I appreciation of the want and an ability roi,
L. to meet it were shown. the plublic at nine
once rallied with entlhusiasmn to its sup- E
1 port, and the result was a great artistic tien
and commercial triumph-TIlE ALDIN E. pert
THE ALPDINE, while issued with all the lver
1 rgunlarity. has none of the temporary or Reect
Stittely interest characteristic of ordinary pii:
perindicls. It is an elegant miscelln' Rail
I of pure,light and gracefil literature; anl Tele
I, a collection of pictures, the rarest speci- trici
Il mens of artistic skill, in black and white. F
Although each succeeding lunmber antilrds hlve
n a fresh pleasure to its friends, the real cres
y value and iwauty of the ALixa will he yer
; most appreciated after it hitshIee, hound tit d
L- up at the close of the year. While other ther
Il journals lmay clinl sulper'ior chean!qess, as :tn
comnpared with ri.'als Eof a similar class, iug
t the Atntx is a unique and original eon- Coll
n ception--alone and unapprloacled- aso- A
. lately without competition in price or 8.
character. The possessor of a conplete calt
volume cannot duplicate .the quant!ty of iln
e fine paper and engravings in any othelr ar
s shape or unlnulber of volnwlls for tell times pr'i
its coast ; and then, there is the Chromlo cltu
e besides! ciai
5, National feature of' THE ALDINE Dell
s mnst be taken in no narrow sense. True 1)
e art is cosmopolitan. While THE AL- 1)
1- DINE is a strictly American institution, AMI
y it does not confine itself entirely to the Soli
a- reproduction of native art. Its mission and
is to cultivate a broad and appreciative wor
s, art taste, one that will discriminate only tion
4e on grounds of intrinsic merit. Thlus, thei
e while placing before the patrons of THE Pe
o ALDINE, as a leading characteritie, the Moti
i- productions of the most noted American exal
is artists, attention will always be given to noti
oe specimens from foreign makters, giving of a
subscribers all the pleasure and instrnc- Aga
tion obtainable from holne or foreign the
s, sources. par
The naitistic illustration of American in'
is scenery, original with THE ALDINE, is Pat
an important feature, and its magnificent red
;e plates are of a size more appropriate to A
is the satisfactory treatment of details Pat
te than can be afforded by any inferior N. '
oe page. The judicious interspersion of WVa
r. landscape, marine, figure, and animal J
O sulbjects, sustain an unabated interest, l
impossible where the scope of the work
confines the artist too closely to a single
- style of sublject. The literature of THE, N
ALDINE is a light and graceful accom
paniment, worthy of the artistic fea- A
tures, with only such technical disqrisi
tions as do not interfere with. the popu
lar interest of the work..
Premium for 1875.
Every subscriber for 1875 will receive
he a beautiful portrait, in oil colors, of the
same noble dog whose picture in a for
m er issue attracted so much attention,
on "MAN'S UNSELFIBSI FRIEND"
ere
m- will be a welcomq in every home. Eve
he rybodyloves suich a.dog, and the portrait
ti- is executed so true to the life, that it
seems the veritable presence of tihe ani
mal itself. The Rev. T. De Witt Tal- ext
mage tclls that his own Newfoundland
os, l(the finest in Brookiyn, barks at it!
w lthough so natural, no one who sees Is
ial this prenium chromo will have the un
he slightest fear of being bitten.
- Besides the chromo, every advance ec
td subscriber to THE ALDINE for 1875 is art
cu oonstituted a membler, and entitled to
on, all the prlvileges of at
l THE ALDINE ART. UNION. Eu
The Union owns the originals of all A1
THE ALDINE pictures, which, with (
of other paintings and engravings, are to
be distributed amtuong the mentbers. To
every series of 5.000 subscribers, 100 dif- Al
be Ibrent pieces, valued at over $2,5(0 are t
mte distributed as soon as the series is full, en
the and the awar'ds of each se;rie as made, si
ty, are to be publishlted in the next scceed
po- ing issue of TIU ALDINE. Thlis fea- fri
tud tre only applies to subscribers who pay
his for one year in advance. Full particu
in hars in circular Esent on application en
er closing a stamp.
ill OTERMS:
po-One Subscription, entitling to THE T
le ALDINE one year, the Chrome
ty, and the Art Union,
end
st $60,00 per annum, In advance.
hat
i No charge for postage.
o Specimoen Copie of THE ALDINE, 50 cts.
The AwIm'iwill hereafter be obtainable
only by subscription. There will be no
reduced or club. rate;;cash for subsorip
$3 tions mest be onent to the publishers direet,
Sor lhandedl to tbe local canvasser, without
.responsibility to the publishers, only in
eases where the certificate is given, hear
aid ing the fac-simile sigmnature of James
irt Sutton President
CAlvAssns WANTED.-Any person who
al wishes to act permanently as a local can
vasser, will receive full and prompt in- o
ormation by applying to
STHE ALDINE OCOIPANdY,
. 5& Maiden Lane, NEW YORK
PiI'rTfIVLY 1(CROMOS.
( , .rwsrT .os
1
FOR 1875. "
k Cnladining every week FORTY COL
Iton, UMNl j of choice readiig mat
New ter, printed on clear, 'l~tild
Gen some type, and': fith '
ntry, white paper -' .
lenws, BE NEWS is edited by the flahn-
and I rs' ews Man; is eontribntistd by
Qeorg'l Ired Towneaid, the hief of
Newspaper Correspoudents, and other
iexcellent writers, who will furnish fresh
* $2~oespondptice; .i)11 thl. leeadin$'eities,
and contribute to the editriaT cotumnu.
' The NEWI has its own-Scienetific,
F :Fsahion, OhIme and Puzzle editor; pub
0 00 lishes the best original matter, the best
1 mieiellpay, and te. freshesat and best
•3 ~Tmiellany, and the freshest and best
(- i tomi. In all iti deparms ents it is
, 5 edi4t-t -with ecraulous eo, and, i, in
S bonle one of the beet Family
_ published. iample Copie free
ofiee -een for one.
aider. TERM SFUSCBIPTION::
Sof One YiTear. ........,.............$2.00
Specal rates to'Poetmasters and olab&
* BAILEY & DONOVAN,
,y. T ..... Danbioreln.
THE BEST PAPER. TRY I1.
FOSTA(iI. Fl''ii
Beautifully Illustrated.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERIICAN uow ill
its :nth year, enjoys the wvidest circula
tiou of any weekly newspaper of the kinid
in the world. A new volume conillniitus
January .1, 1875. n
Its contents emnhlrace the latest and mos;t
interesting information pertaiinng to the "
Indiuhstrial. Mechnitcal, and Scient itiC 'Prot.
teost' of thi World; 1)eorilption. with 41
,lea:utfiul l'tigr:aingY. of New Inventions, t
New' Pl'roceses, tIdt Ihmproved Indulstries
of all kinds; Useful Notes, lceeil es. Suni
g',stions ;end AdIvice, by Pract icae Writers. I
tin" Wor'ikunet alnd Eimlupdoycrs, .in all the c
VSIOllus arto, t
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN is the q
cheacpest and best illustrated weekly pa- I1
per plhlished. Every nuthber conta:ins t:
ifrot 10 tn 15 original i'ggravigi's of n1ew e
nIaehinery and novel inventiontu. 8
ENSGLAV\.NGS, illu:strating Improve. t
ments, DIisc. eries, and Important \\rks, t,
pertaining to Civil amid Meehanie' Engi- t
neerinug, Milling, Mining and Metallurgy; ,
Records of the laItest progress inlhe Al- t
licatiois of Stealll. Ste:mi lngineering, c
Railways. Ship Biilditg, Navigiation.
Telegraphy, 'felegraphl Engl'nomoring, Elec
trieity, NMagnetismn, Light and Heat.
FARtMERS, Meclhatuics, Engineers.,
Inventors, Manufactm'ers, Chemists, Lov- ii
ers of Science, Teiacllers, Clergymen, Law
yers, andl People of all Professicins, wilbl n
tind the eCINTrwIrr IC AM,:meiieAN useful to I
them. It should htave a pilace in every 'I
Famnilv, Library, Stmtly,oflice, uand Coumt
ing Romu ; in every Reading RIoom, a
College. Aedemy or Sehool.
A year's uIIIIIiesi contain 832 pages ailld i
SuISe:Eu.. lllNllla ENctlll\VINS 'lmu- t
smuls of volumest ar, la'reser'ved for hindl- i
ing and retfer: ene. The pratttienl reeilts
arc well wor'h ten en times the suhsription
price. Terms $3 211 a year by mail, in
cluding pimstage. I)iscounlt to CluIbs Spe
citmens sent free. May be hlad of all News
Deaier:s. at
PATENTS. In Cniection with
NTS glk theSc I.I N iT iFC.
AMatr, AN, Messrs. Mrs I' Co. are 'I
Solictors of American amnd Foreign Patents,
and have the largest e.thlishnlent in the
world More than lifty thousan:d applie, t
tions have lwenimladu for patents throllgh i
their agency. t
Patents aro obtained on the beat terms t
Models of New inventions and sketches 1
examined and Iadvice free. A special
notice is made in the Scientific American
of all Inventions Patented through this e
Agency, with the name and resident of c
the Patentee. Patents are often sold in
part or whole, to persons attracted to the I
invention by such notice. Send for 1
Pamphlet, 110 pages, laws and full di- i
rections for obta:ining Patents.
A",dress for the Paper, or concerning ,
Patents, MuxNx & Co., 37 Park Row i
N. Y. Bach Office, cor. F and 7th Sts.
f Washinton, D C.
1 Jany 11875.--lv
TIIE oi
N"
WEEKLY ENQUIRER, raj
A Paper for the People, a Friend of the
Farmer and Industrial Classes, tht
tui
A BEAUTIFUL I
NEW CHROMO He
ENTITLED 31)
Ho
"Perry's Victory !"
Gicento eCery $2 00 Subscriber. epa
This picture represents Com. Oliver II. Per
ry to the act of pasing from one ship to another c
in a small open boat, during the heat of battle, de
Sexoposed to the fire of the enemy.
It Measures 16 by 22 .Iuches,
SIs artistically finished in thirteen colors and 1s ev
e undoubtedly the most desirable chroeme ever an
offered as Apremiun. single copies of it sell at th
13 00. We have at a great outlay secured the no
I exclusive control and sale of it, and therefore
s are enabled topresent it to our patrous as above. pe
o The .ESQunuIRn still stands pre eminet as a to
first class Newspaper.. Its various departments on
allotted to -
Editorials, XImorous,
AII riceulture, Podetr, M
h Correspowlence, Telegraphic
o Aud General 'cics. on
. All give evidence of the care and pains taken an
to siupply it s readers with all the naews and a he
variety of reading that cannot fail to interest Yi
, each and every membc- of tihe household. Sub
s, sitibe through our agents or send direct to us. if
I- We desire an agent at every Post Office, am!i ON
wlhero none are yet appointel, let somne of our at
friends apply for the agency. t
Address 1i
FARAN A McLEAN, Publisllers, to
CINCINNATI, o. fe
The Saturday Evening Post.
The Oldest and Best StorylPapor Pub
lished.
Founded August 4, A.. D. 1821.
For more than half -a century the w
Saturday Evening Post has been the *
GREAT LITERARY WEF.LY '
le of the Conntry, ad' has over borne a 1
no widespread and imnbld mishel reputation
for the unsurliassod purity, refinement c
and excellence of the Srials, Sketches 8I
iand Miscellaneous readling matter. L
It is pre-eminently
es The Best Family Paper
he that is published~in this country, from its
In- never containing anything that would o
t- offend the feelings of any one, either in I
a religious or political sense, or that ~'
could not be read at any fireside without _
objection from the most fastidious. 1
K 1he circulation of the Saturday Even
ing Post, through not quite so large
perhaps, as its younger contemporaries,
is not, like that of some of themi, flinetu- "
ating, ank too often short-lived, but
SURE, SOLID AND SUBSTANTIAL,
based upon the intrinsic merit of the pa- C
per itself and hot dependent on any ex
traneons influences, such as the populari
ty of individual writers, &c.
. Good, however, as the Saturday Even.
ing Post has been in the past, it is our
intention to make it still better in the
future, and with this object in view we
will effect a marked improvement in eve
ry department of the paper, and will
)I,. call to our assistance writers of admitted
ability and known reputation.
By increasing its former attractions,
and adding many judicious and pleas
ing novelties, by studying how to please
and cultivate the popular taste, by in
creasing industry and enterprise, and by
en- enlarged facilities, we hope to make new
by friends with each and every issue, and
of continue to maintain the claim of the
her Saturday EVening Post to its title of Tui,
esh OLDEST AND THE iBEST Of Family Story
ies, Papers.
Terms to Subscrbers:
ab-One year 1 copy $100 One month 25
Met " 2 ecopies 5.00 Two monthes 50
et " 4 copies 10.00 Three me. 75
t " 9 eopies 20.00 Four me 1.00
To any one sending $)20 for a Clnb of
9, an additional copy will be sent FREE
S Speien iopies can be had on appl
cation. We Employ no Traveling Agents.
All communications-must be addressed to
SR. J. C. WALKER, Propietor,
.0727 Walnut Street,
Pldiladelphia.
GP Get your printing done at
.. the VIU CATon Job Office.
''IE ILT.UST.RATI'E)
ýn's 1108 lilLL i '11% l.
W I'1H Wi'IC11 I tINCO1I'PORA'I'El I
W0 I' E 11 EI I I A1I
It is the intnrltionl of the eondillc"ol's
this lu1a-:lzin4 to still further make it
model44Ef literary and i4 ichnllical exce
letve, ul. w ith lthis view. no advantage.
I ill be 1ngltcted whlich eit her talent or
c:1)pit4l Ct1I CIlconnnl:d to render eiach is
sueo a ;agceables and iihstr'uctive con:pel-L
ditl, oft
I'OP'ULAR READING.
Its paaes will I3 dtlevotedl to poptllar
li tulrature, science, art, edunatio,,n and so,
ciall develolnen0t. Its characn.leristic fei
ture is co(m4relhes1:iveness The 1nanu
scripts now o1n h1and, and others eslecia'
l nla:Iged, embrace :ill ulllisally ttra&t
tive list of D1I)scriptive Sketches of Trav
el, Serial Storlis,. Tales Polnts, Papwrs ont
Scrience :and Art. Plopular Essay, Narra
tives, Lite.1rary Criticisms, Fasl tns, etc.,
together with a variety of alble and in
teriesting rtictles 1,po011 the I ortant
Questions of the Day. A large jropor
tion of the articles, esp1ecially those des
criptiveof travel, will be "
PRIOFUSELY ILLUSTRATED.
'lhe pictorial eCmlbellsllishlents of the
M:iga.zi;n hereafter constlitutilng one of
its Iost attractive features.
The purpose of the Publishera is to fur
nish a In.riodic:al -xhih 1 shall Ie instruc
-tire in h'1I lounseholdl, The Library and
'1The lHeadilg 1Room, giving anl abuudlanco
of entertaining atdl Impilsr literature
and information for hoth ol( and young,
tarryingll light. comfllort and good UtnO
into c'ery Iaamily, and makisng it a:'cep
table for' the w hole lioushold-father
and m1loth1er, loys and girls, yuuItg micenl
intt yoV'lllttg Vt1mi 4'1en.
The Illusiraated lHou'ehold Magazine
includles several Distinct iDpartuents,
each under conmpetent and efficient mau
agenuent, viz:
1. Sketches-consisting of Descriptions
of Travel and Adventure, Serial Stories,
'T'alcs and Narratives, lavishly and ap
pIropriately illustrated.
2. Miscellany-made lnp oflrilliant ox
tracts fiom new books, highly entertain
ilg sketches of notable persons and
things froit the Iest Foreign Publiea
tions, Poemus and Papers on Science and
Art.
3. Editorial Department-in which is
given brilliant essaiys upon a wide range
of subjects; social topics discussed and
current incidenllts and doings glanced at.
4. Fashion Department.-contininitij a
resume of the Paris, London and New
York Fahions, illust rated with engr.
vings of the latest styles.
5. Literary Notes--devoted to reviews
and criticisms of new booksand general
information.
6. Children's Department-furnishing,
instruction" and entertainment to the
Boys and Girls, and those older people
who have young hearts. It is emlbelislh
ed with high class illustrations, of
Natural llistory, Woulerful Scenery and
rare incidents.
º 7. Housekt-eper's'Departhnmnt - con
prising information and recipes, many d6
which are original and published for the
first time, all collected froam the most
authentic sources. ' '
It will he the Constant aim of tib
Household Publishrng Company to make
Ti'iE ILLUSTRATED HOUSEHOLD
MAGAZINE in the future, as Wood's
Household Magazine ham been in the
past,
TIIE BEST DOLLAUMONTHLY PUNB
LISIHED,
sparing neither eflort, trouble nor ox,
pense in securing the Best Writers as
contributors, and the Best Artists to pro
due illustrations to enrich its pages.
AGENTS WANTED.
We require a good, faithful Agent hi
Severy town throughout the United 8tatelt
r and Cauda, who will earnestly enpge in
t the business of procuring subnlsrilers
Snot for a thfew days or a mlonhl only, bat)
Spermauently-with:afinr deteraniusatioa
a to canvass thoroughly and carefully the
5 entire field selocted, nimproving every l
portauity to realize allthat can poesi!,
, be made from the litrodnction ofthe
Magazine.
: Our Premium annJClsbbing Litsle.
offer great inducements for working ~a
a Inr behalf. Schodols and Chluches have
a here an unusual opportunity to procune
t Musical Illstrunmiecnte from tile best m;aa
aufacturers, withi comparatively sdiglt
i exertions. Artisans, l'rofesioinal ol
r and Students.mIay gratify their literary
tastes by ordering from the .ClubbinuK
List. Children may earn and own many
long desired articles 4by3 obtaiuicg.'thel
few suebscribersrequired. .
: TERMS: .
. YrARLY 8BUBs ,rPTION ,1.00.
Speeimon Copies maiiled, pst-paid, to
any addressc upon receipt of:Ten Coats.
The pstageo within the, United States
is Ten Cents a year, wvhieh must be. fr
e walrdled with the subscription, as the
new.< Postal Law requiring the prol:ay-
ment of all magazines by publihdr
themselves, iastead of subscribers, Com-
a pls ns to collect the postage.in advanoe.
IH Send for Circulars containing rates o1
nt conmmission and inducemaentt to canvam.
u sers, and the Premium and Clubblag
THE YOBSMJ1'EB YrALEIT.
its We contiiue tn offer this etlebrqd
ld Oil Chrome in connection with- the ll
i Instrated Honushold Magazine, furlinis
at ing them to our Hieaft'il ta upon tht
at following very generous td : .
Witll Mounted (Chromc, *(.00. U.
- nountedl Chrome, $1.50.
e The Mounted Chbromo is delivered ant
I. our oflice, or by camuvasers, or boxed anIm
sent lby express a* sunmeriber's expeIne
or sent by mail upon reetipt of Twenty
Cents extra for postage. The Unmoom.t
a- ed Chrom is senut free by mail.
x- All communnications mnflbe naddreslcd
- HOUSEIHOLD PlUBJLISHING CO.,
41 Park Row, Now York.
t"he ~m1plop10nel-- n-xe
w women and agents, we hav' just what
vo- you needl Our xtl Monunted Chrom|c ,
nil outsell anything in hle market. Mr..ElNr
ted sons write: 'I struck out ynestnl-ay 3nd
by we'kilng easy four hours, cleared 7.
,'A Iladly has just reported her protfits f:t
as- the: forentoon as $~5; .yester ay tip to 2
115 o'clock sile cleared $17 b0. We canl prove.
il- bevyond question that one agen t orderalc
by 12a50 of these chirominos in eloven wedk
1ow ing days. We have the hrargest and line .
m assortment in the United States; Imn -
ti dredsof choice subjects from which t,
ru select. We will send you an alsorted Ilfl:
ory of the best selling free of charge on re
ceipts ofd ; 50. Setd in yonr orde-s ,,
give us a call. Samples by mail '25c., or
12 for $1.
S BOSTON FRAME AND CIIROMO CO.
75 292 Washington St., Boston, Mass.
1.00 P. O.Box 26(62.
b of
dto r
oat fG Get your JORPRINTIM(
done at tle VnRmcATroROflice,