JAN. Tl. COQGROVE, . Editor.
NATCI-IITOCHES
SATUIRDAY - - - Aungtit 14, 1875.
Advertisinig Rates.
5.JUAias, B B ,
Isquaret.... 1J d8 50 10 00 $15 011(1 00
2 lquared... 700 1000 1500 2 00 2500
3 sqaros... 100 00 18 00 2 00 30 00
4 sqnuares... 1400 18 00 2200 300 35 00
5 squaes... 1700 2300 27 00 3500 4000
6 sqnaro.s... 10 4 00 3 00 40 00 45 00
7 squares... 2300 27 00 36100 50 00 70 00)
8 squares... s 00 30 00 4000 65 o0 00
10 squares... 30 00 35 00 50 00 57 00 105 00
15 squares... 43 m 60 100 70 00 100 0 ..5 00
20) squares... 63 00 80 00 90 00 125 00 150 00
Transient advertisements 01.50 per square of
I0 lines 1roevinr, first insertion. Each subse.
queut insertien 75 cents per square.
OUR JOB OFFICI is supplied with a
great variety of type. and work In this depart.
meat performced with ueatness and at moder,
ate prices.
Terms, CANM on delivery of work.
Rates of Subscription.
(ne Copy one year ......................3..
One Copy six months.....................2 00
(Payable ia advance.)
John J. Herbert, is our duly authori
zed travelling agent. -. -
-Mit Oinijinications will be published
unless aecoupanied by tho author's real
t:mne. But one side of the shelt to be
written upon whoa sent to us for inser
tion.
Articles to be. short and to the point,
to have attention.
These are our rules and they must be
strictly adhered to.
Premiums to Subscribers.
The Vindicator will be furnished to
subscribers at the following rates.
I year........................ $3
6 mos.......... ....... $2
No subscription received for less
than six months.
BALL SUBscRIPTIOxS INVARIABLy IN
ADVANCE.
We will furnish to each yearly sub
scriber a lmagnificent Steel Engraving
19x24 inches. Now is the time to
subscribe--write to our Editor for
Club rates, in which we offer special
inducements.
WINS PAPIR Isn 65 1113 WIW
wills AdYTMflhhg60umwugm e int s
NOTICE.
Persons ordering JOB
WORK from this Office,
must pay for the same on
delivory of fhA work.
No deviation from this
rule.
bubseribers to the Capital Fund
of the Vi dicwtor Publishing Com.
pany, are requested to call upon
M. IL Carver, Esq., Treasurer of
said Company, with, or remit to
his address, the amounts they de
sire to pay to said Fund, without
• -, ,
Mr. LEONARD BtLLARD is the an
horizeld Collectin. Agent for the Daily
an!. Weekly Vindicator.
Mr. Davis, .manager of the Mer
chant Uniun,is pushing on the tele
grmpline to Alexandria.
w !g]ta..4tetd-our most cordial
thanks&to RAoi W. H. Jack; for a
lapoarh of fpendid 'P eniason. Oar
filsd Jack in someihat of a Nimred
his is part of the flits ofa sue
t -ee "
V We 'fr toma a simple question ?
(Is ot the talked of North la.' Tele.
graph Contpany lately organised in
N~Odlean', a nothler one otf thus
.-pet-.t ,t lanswer at once
nO a w4 ill fail to get itt own
P o erty.
:We e. fe rm a late New OrlansL
dates, that Mi. Whoeloek stated upon
hi arnlvld lia the-:-y, that he was
hhante v uisite . d by
NatchIto n'd b
the nnra d.l wldbe bult in a few
moaths.; a: `, . .. [
*" We *oda . the ptojoptety of
our a b oard of
b ".r ... th r pt of
• J€+m m-_ + + 1 Deiub . ', rhlch
W E ...n of.I a
fruit; #& y r6ye sleep+.
--t.at thh,l dtn
n,"heseis pl c
du~i.g d t -ips. lit ,
1otlga .k
was ,:,,
"'-m7 T.
O pt The Parish of Natchitoches.
We are in receipt of many letters
calling upon us for statements re
SEditor. gardling the geographical position,
soil, climate, health and productions
DES of our parish. These inquiries.con
14, IS75. vincc us that the times are ripe for a
movement of immigrants from the
rigorous climates of the North to our
more genial clime.
The thousands of dissatisfied hus
o bar.dmen at the North, are now ready
s oº to listen to the truth regarding the
S00 2 South. The designing political dem
"10 00 -, 00 egogues, both here and there, with
S4500 monied railroad men, who have re
M o ceived large hland grants from the
S105 00 government, have so long dissemina
15 0o Iso 00 ted falschoods for political and finan
r square of cial purposes, are now being unmask
ed.
ed with a Before as now is a letter from 1V.
a at d rt. T. Hatch, Esq., Minneapolis, Miun.,
Jully 27th, who says:
Centennials, the mingling of the
editors of the North and South, the
spirit of the Decoration ceremonies of
. both sections, last May, the sponta
neons outbursts in the fraternal reso
lutions at public conventions and the
authori- friendly greetings extended tlr..-"L
t_._ A,,wl, uiuatAP,-trti t ii effect to
whlished show to the masses the true senti
or's real meats of both sections, and prepare
& to be the way for this great emigration
or inser- Imovement. The Centennial, at Phil
adelphia, next 4th of July, will sol
eo point, emnize the bands, that, I trust, will I
never again be broken.
He has opened in that city a Bureau I
of Emigration, with a view df bring. -
irS. ing from those inhospitable lands the
shed to hardy sons of Wisconsin, Minnesota, q
Michigan, Iowa and Kansas.
es' For my reliability to faithfully per. r
... $3 foim what I promise, I refer you to
*2 Gov. Jas. D. Porter, Josiah R. Hfub
or less bard, Esq. Sec. Tennessee, Real Es
tate Co., Gen. W. It. Jackson, and N
Stephen Collins, Esq., Nashville, n
BLY IN Tenn. W. N. Doughty, Pres. Stone b
River National Bank, Murfreesbor
ly sub. ough, Tenn., Wood & Satterfield, e*
r Real Estate Agents, McMinnville, c
Tenn., E. T. & J. Hurt, Real Estate 04
me to Agenus, Atlanta, Georgia, J. R
or for Adams, Chairman Emigration Conm
mittee, Montgomery, Ala., and to all (
ipecial the business men of this city. sh
And gives a glowing picture of a al
mm late visit to the South, and calls upon do
Ia us all to assist him, and remarks: vi
It will be important to move early a
in this matter, as the whole North is, or
excited over this emigration move
Wheot.
Of our parish we will speak, and w
m=A. desire to give such information as.we pa
__e can: to
Natchitoches is situated in the bi
Northwestern portion of Louisiana, of
OB on both sides of Red River, distance se
about 500 miles from New Orleans, zed
'ice, lying between 31 and 321 degrees of
Ofn North latitude. tie
The alluvial bottom lands on -Red and
li8 River and its main trmnutanres are ed
cleared to a great extent; a large Co
portion of which has been lying on
out since the close of the war, ow
and ig to a want of labor to cultivate Rt
m them saccessfully. Re
on The timber for fencing is in abun-,
ofdance, cypress, oak, backberry, il
pine, &e., and buildings can be Ro
Sto constructed at very little cost. The t
de- area of the parish is 1500 squate
miles, or 96,000 square acres, of which
fully one third is alluvial, andthe
bayou and creek bottom, in what is
Sdenominated the "hill lands" are In
*ily equally productive. Our .climate is this
mild and genial, so much so, that New
ker- itchen gardens flourish during the port,
le- entire winter. tio.
The mais productions now are cot. peop
ton and corn-on any good landsa an ad
lal bale of the former and fifty bushel, roads
* of the latter per acre, is a fair yield. iictia
"0r Oata, barley, rye, wheat and other At t
dJesuch grains, can be, and have.~ben as:
e. successfully grown. Cane, rice, tor. "W;
baceco and indigo, are indigenous to n
the soil, and have been in times puast west,i
Spaying erops. All the known frdi ~ ~
oad berdries1 grow .with .Ixurienee; sse
gmapes, peaches, pears, apples, b4e., field
are of most excellent quality andl de- Obp
elieius flavor, and produce remarka. of; Tex
bly. Grasses, such as Humgasrin, ons to
Timothy, Millet, Clover, &e., have si
* been *tltivated with aed wt d success, opoll
Sin fact, there are many hardy iane
Sgrasses, natural to this soil and New Yr
t climate,; whieh staffords range for stoek o
'esased by an in the -world.__ a late
- ibm mamrh mamaw thn nabuhe hran iI
' of stock, with a mast almost never have el
Sa liing, hogsa feed at will and are terei
r fatensed with but little expense, a mov
wmhi e pesutragse sfords a never- s*aeoes
I failg rnge for cattle adore . Shall
SAll produeetoas yield lae prot forbid
I the agricnltute, and the health of of L
the cointry cannot be sans d. Is eomme
ceta ly ib te Eldorado of the far- a5dmv
Smaner; pesenoting to him a feld where "And
his Jn labor will be repaid. Wedi
All we ask la a ir trial, and our om
r land owners are more than aniaous to
weleame the thritfy white farmer who Co
Poames to bild up the prosperlj ofrC
oarl 8et. Treasur
TheN., Orletis press are stirring A hbe
up ai little eore in the railroad mat- neighbo
,r. 1'his is as it should be; for a bel 1
lonalg time but little interest ams w iu d
semingly mauiated, which we could we bav
,ilI abeont for. torm, v
,e 1 ndot like to chage upon i rost
.the3 i deire tohbe sabuidised, but it !fro ls
ethiSlJphoke4l that way ton om e ahs U
jb~~Mks.q is-winCr ·~
~ uahave all Pt· ~ev
j~a~at~a t tahisr, mni.". a
8u~rb Indct dicatr.:
oches. Railroad Talk.
iy letters Owing to the present political status
ents rc- of our municipal and parochial anu
,usition, thorities, being now contesting before
nductions the Courts their respective legal
vies con- standing, there can be little hope of
ripe for a aid being given the New Orleans and
om the Pacifie road in conseqnence, for some
th to our time at least. What acts passed by
either, would not be regarded by the
led hus- other as legal and proper, and the
)w ready matter so passed would simply render
rding the an occasion for another sunrply of
cal dem- court fuel, with litigation interminia
re, with ble--which would not meet the ques
have re- tion now required-that of taking
rom the stock in our corporate capacities in
asemina- this enterprise.
Id fnan- In consequence, our people as in
unmasnk dividuals, must come forward and fill
the breach. Subscribe as liberally as
from *V. their means will allow, and while
, Miun., speaking of this means, we say pros.
pective as well as present. We have
of the endeavored to give to our renders all
th, the we could say in relation to the great
sponta- benefits to accrue to us upon the
at reso- early completion of the road, these
and the questions we can but naturally be.
tthv.*.-L population of thrifty farmers and me
effect h elanics-increased labor for them;
senti- increased money in the country also,
prepare are but the natural sequence to such
Irpi n public improvements. Now we must
vill ol. do something ourselves to help build
tat, will up our own material prosperity--to
aid in the construction of this railroad.
Bureau New Orleans, we learn, in her sub- E
briing- scription of *168,000, donated all that
ads the was asked, as only $150,000 was re- c
nesota, quired at the time of solicitation, to a
begin bu'liness, and many, very many,
ly per. would not put down their names, be- p
you to cause they eanted to subscribe more. t
al Es We were all too hasty in denouncing I
n, and New Orleans for her seeming inert- d
hville, ness-rest assured all and more, will
Stone be subscribed by her than is demand- sl
rfield, ed- in fact the road will be mainly ti
nville, constructed by her citizens, as they it
state now fully understand their situation. qi
Com- But, the citizens along the line of ty
to all route are expected to make up their ag
share of the balance required to build, ap
a of a and in this, our parish and city must mi
Supon do their utmost in the way of indi- to
:s: vidual subscriptions, as we are not in tit
early a position to tpke stock as corporate cIl
rth is. or parochial bodies.
hove There is no good reason to believe sit
and why there should be a refusal on the no
is we part of any property or land owner lie
to any considerable extent, subseri- cot
the bing to this railroad, as the manner nat
ana, of paying and the means taken in pre
nte settlement, are certainly within-their On
reach. Every thing that can be utili- no
z of zed by this Railroad Company-cross the
ties, grading, corn, beef, labor of men We
and teams-will be thankfully receiv- ty I
are ed as subscriptions, and stock of the sue
Company issued therefor in shares e o
Sone hundred dollars. ged
g Why canot onr land owners do- we
nate lands in the same way-good wor
Red River lands in such quantities, "
n say from 50 acres up, as their means mili
will admit t This is fully a PEOPLE'S as
ROAD;r to be owned and controled by we
tbe people, and all must come for- kh
we ard to its support. lati
icb Information will be freely furnish poor
-upon application to any member of dow
the the Execuntive Committee.
~is yoK
re In looking up ourold readings upon of N
is this railroad now to be built from
bat New Orleans to Marshal or Shreve
he port, and remembering the agita- Cr
tion of the question by our leading be
nt people, when a boy, we strike upon that
San iddress upon the subject of rail- will I
* roads in general, and thisone in par- toan
d. ticular, in De Bows Review, for 1853. much
r At that time the warning uttered bine,
n was: u
Or "While New Orleans is losing her trade tion
upon so many point ; and must ha~ie in -
the fuoture'little relile upon the 'North ain
mt west, it beomees her, if posible to open large.
new obasnnels of enterpris, (la ow winte
futhile was all this pi sound common
Ba se stalk.) "T''ixas presnt a virgin bette
Sfieldb wblbi ifshe is wise, will more than
etulpmaste fur ll.lastq.. Few persons N
Shavea clear conet.tion of the resourcees
I" of Texas, and.the important position she nearly
Is to attain in the Union, To senure for Missis
our'elty ias intimate commereial relation
eship with her would be a master-strotke seem
Sofplcy; but nlesit s speedily done, Lamai
iR .tcaee ofth eIJad$ lof1Oterourse, lar eot
STexasm will have a nearer coneailon with at
SNew York than Louislana." nately
kBow true the prophesy and At what "thick
a late hour do we awake from the most
r have elapese sin~e those words were o tot
auttered, and during that time, not poor 8
a move, amounating to a semblence of htaUit
suaede, hasm been msadei c, a
Shall we delay longer; our interest dowi-t
* forbid it; boduld we, the mailed hand this Fa
o, 8 Louis will grasp the jewel of Keli
eommeree asom our Queen eity. Let m
us movie onwitd more,
"And msee: a through some pin hole kghin
"should the wind relate
Wedgingly piere .bt one, Ia with a rah
oames suercessr
Two rh's last Week, sad the May- be offei
,v's Court was a little lively. Ctty- d
Treasury richer by & phatic
A heavy hal' atorp oosrre on. e h to wh
. neighborhood of Mr.. Leo Dullho's, "small
below this city,4/n Satu'ray, doig Monnen
'm-iteh damagae li steet' of which
we have not y&e 1ersed. A wid No d
storm, very violet also -tmpanlsed i the
it, prostrating eorn4ai Wtowlg roof's
fron eabiIs, 444i shacerely t5r5y Dconteit
itisayaeo~~the'~$r, resened.
XItUhiseoij froua or Dispatches
 ,; .3r, S a doods abo F riend
Still oaneP ce.
8b.b rbe to te People'is Vii- ide. Li
dicator. of
Past and Present.
al status Tlhe present depressed condition of
chial au- our parish, is )wing to numerous
ag before causes; causes twat have been talked
ve legal over time and :;ain by our ablest and
Shope of best men. We should rest satisfied
eans and in argument; wth the fact, that the
for sonme eect, we feel nnw anti have felt for
assed by some time deepj-.
ed by the The situationfl a country like ours
and the when involved h general ruin, leaves
ly render no escape for idividnual members of
urply of the community and we cannot bet
termina- ter illustrate thls than by quoting an
the ques- extract from aspeech delivered in
f taking the Athenian Seate by Pericles, the
cities in most accomplihed statesman and
warrior of anciot Greece. lie said:
" as in- "It is my firm opinion that by the
I and fill full health and rigor of a State, the
erally as happiness of itsconstituents is better
nd while secured than Then each separate
say pros- member is thrivng whilst the publihe
Ve have wellfare totters. lie the situation of
aders all any private iltzen prosperous and
ie great fine as his heftt could wish, if his
pon the country be ruindl he must necessarily
t, these be iuvolved in ts ruin. But he that
ally be.- J.tmfy-'t,-- 4ua t Ilourishing com
and me dients of red eq,,catch hd , expe
thoem; How applioeble to our own srua.,
,ry also, tion are these words. Private pecu
to such lations may suceed for a day, but
we must when that clash ¶f riin comes, these
p build individuals will fed they have laid
rity-to up riches for narght. Look at the
ailroad. history of our owl Confederacy as an
er sub- example of the 'ew prospering, but
all that when the downhll of the country
was re- came, the wealthof the individual was
tion, to swallowed up in the vortex.
many, And why do not our people now s
es, be- prosper, even tiose who make some- Ii
smore, thing feel the general depression a
uncing Becauce the comtry is in its present o
inert- dead condition, it
), will So long ha, Natchitoehes been °
mand- sleeping, that it will take the snort of U
nainly the railroad eegine days to awaken hý
is they it. Our peopk need one great re. It
uation. quirement, and that is vigor, a quali- t1,
line of ty eminently esential in this moving at
their age. Egotism will scarcely stand H
build, against the sten logic of facts. We w
must may wrap the Oantle of superior die
indi- tatorial self importance about us, but at
not in this will no more stop progress than a th
)orate closed umbrellt would a locomotive.
Every one admits the distressing
lieve situation of the country and the great
a the necessity of doing something to re- he
owner lieve it. Am the cities, towns and
)scri- counties of thisState, to remain stag- ed
inner ant or dedine, while the din of
mn in progress is Beard everywhere else?
their Our people ane, as a macs, bankrupt, n
utili- no light gleans in the future to guide
cross their steps to wealth or prosperity.
men We must add to the general prosperi- 4
reiy- ty before we can hope for individal of
r the success. Dobta atarm na in the face Del
s o on every hand, our energies are clog. d
ged "with what we owe," propet.ty cie
do- we have is plenty, but it is a drug, L
:.od worth notone cent. tem
bies, "Let us then throw aside this hu- as i
sans miliating inertness and act for once0 a
LE S as sensible men. What a country Sen
I by we would have could such be done; ince
for~ IWhat wealth developed; what popu- met
lation, and yet we are now too, too cren
lish poor-afraid almost of our very shad cert
r of dows upon the wall. Throw off this imp
yoke of bondage-come forword men bett
p of Natchitoehes.. mea
"Let us then be up and doing,
m With a heart for every fate."
ve t
t- Crops in this ~ection, we fear, will folo
ig be greatly damaged by the late rains, the i
mn that is cotton; faom the fact that it lion
i- will take a new growth and shed off
ar- to an alarming extent. We hear of o
* much eomplaint of this already. Sa-. bond
ed bine, we are happy to learn, is in a Nove
flourishing condition. More atten- ment
tion has been palid to corn and pork i
Sraising than in prions years, and a . W
n large abundance wiil be for sale this Supr
Swinter. The cotto rop was never llo
in better. then
s Nominations hne been made in Giy
be neaH all the Districts in the State oforg
or Mississippi. The iState Convention over 1
n- seemed quite enthutiastic and L.. autho
te, Lamar gave Grant lind Ames partica- by u
lar its. Grant a8d Ames, unfort whu
nately for Mr. Lrmar, are of the who
t "thick skinned" lchiss and can stand on id
lmost heroically al4 philippics from cand
ru -*eple. The a~mpaingn is one
e or te same old ~ent r oy Pwurcn tons We
,t poor State was redoieed to her present ther
i situation; barbecu0 a and chin m- our liti
Isic, and if the whites of that poor sa thu
tI down-trodden conney, don't eat crow pletelj
I this Pall, then we lrophesy no more. "whis
if Kellogg and hii crew no doubt for, ye
t seem highly datted at this old and th
move, and be will jearly kill himself about
, laughing when hei goes North, and firt tr
relates the news to ia friends.
*aj. Monoure, t is stated, will we ar
Sbe offered the vant Aunditorship by C.
--and we state that it will ibe em
phatically refnsedl. These "tubs Thea
to whaleas arel calculated for be the
"small men," not for men of Maj. tending
Moncure's standing. We n
homorab
No decission '~ill be rendered of the C
in the case of Mers -v. Chaplin, We a
contesting Judges of tis Julicial bension,
District, until th O su.as tera' play of
of the Supreme (oGi~ aeon at
our igni
Friend Times, i e Ballatin fr The co
uaace. Bmra-si tie., Give ita doubt, a
(90,OO shot, and eharge to--Bour ma in ,
aids. Lift them on the railioad ar- bat we
tile of 2, question
The Ohio Election.
dition of The canvass in Ohio is as spirited
umerous as one could wish. The plank of the
an talked Democrats with relation to the finan
)lest and ces, has not "shook" the party as
satisfied some would have supposed, on the
that the contrary, the "inflation" dodge of
Q felt for the Republicans has been pretty soon
exploded.
like ours The only demand made by the
n, leaves Ohio Deimocrats is for more money,
nbers of i. e. U. S. Treasury Notes, and less
not bet- National Banks and their oeuy.
sting an Less contraction of the currency to
rered in benefit the monied class, and a re
rles, the turn to specie payments at such a
ian and time as the exigencies of trade and
Ife said: the country will permit.
it by the Floods, such as we have had in the
tate, the vWest, and a few more Duncan, Sher
is better man & Co.'s failures, will knock "into
separate pi" all these howlers about "rag mon
e public oy." So mote it be.
'ation of
Old Field and Clinton are still on
tus and
Shis the rampage. From our view of the
case, .e are inclined to the opinion
cse that that Clinton is the most honest Radi
eal in the whole "layout"-far supe
Scrxpn- a'ior to Kellogg, Packard, or "- :~
pe er u man," of thlin r--0""
n s tau- oish has tried Auditor Clhn
e poe- ton and hie uu, ^i l he could for us,
sy, but and told Kellogg to his ree last year,
s, these of his allowing Blunt and that party
ve laid to rule him. Clinton was our friend
at the in an emergency and Kellogg was
y as an not-but lied in his usual and most
ng, but graceful style. For these reasons
Clinton, to our mind, is the best man
ountry of the two.
dal was
It is a very amusing thing to see
le now such little 'gad abouts'-'bloody shirt' I
some.- owlers as the Washington Republic,
ascion I and that ilk, ripping around, crying
present out, rebellion ! murder! Now, we are
in a situation to laugh and we do e
been so with pleasure. While the whole i
port of Union is being reconciled, feeling!
waken happy that at last Horace Gree
at re. ley's hope is being consumated-
quali- these poor miserable, weak pulings, Q
loving are rushing about like Patrick Henry's f,
stand Hooke, disturbing the general joy ft
We with their cries of, Beef ! Beef I n
ir die. Bah I Get out, you are all too late, e
s, but and no one rejoices at your end more is
han a than the South. v;
otive. *'' - - b4
We are pleased to announce that ni
seing the right of way through all the di
great plantations in this pari;s, as far as
0 re- heard from, from this to the lower
s and en
parish line, has been cheerfully grant
tag ed by the owners. Ti
a of
else? We are proud to know this as ma- er
rupt ny of the "contraries" predicted that ir
guide refusals would be numerous, although be
we could not see upon what grounds. so
~rity. sit
peri- Act 29, regarding thme government po
ridl of this city was voted for by every
Iac Democrat in the State Sna. They aly
believed the law to te a d one l
log- and hence supported it.-Natchito- in
'erty ches Republican. see
Irug, Now that's decidedly rich-to at. Jo
tempt to gall a people with such stuff Co
ba- as the above, when all know that not al
ance a solitary Democrat was in the State a
utry Senate of Louisiana, when Act 29
me; incorporating this new town govern- wh
mpu- ment was passed. Act 2) was the ti)
Stoo creation of the "Hahn bayonet con- seit
ead cern," and unless Tom Anderson is Are
this implied, the Front street organ had cha
nen better "post up." If Anderson is tia
meant as "every Democrat," then tmhe C
Republican is for once correct. the
------'-- cape
Governor Kellogg has received the was
ill following telegram, which refers to deri
ins the issue of bonds know as the mil. reca
Sit lion levee issUe, which was referred will
Sto.in N. O. the Times of Thursday : D
off Monroe, La., July 29, 1875. Vc
Court will not decide the million lion
- bond ease, Morey intervenor, until i
Sa November. The Court afirmedjudg- ire I
n- ment in the Forstall ease. ever
rk JOHNs RA. sion,
a What has Kellogg to do with the itis
bi Supreme Court 7 But we forgot, lart
'e Kellogg is the State-so I says-and rie
then you know-who dares doubt it.
-- - --,__
in Give us a decided rest on that wit,
of "organ." You might have skipped
Sover to us, and you will find written W
C. authority for the statements made did
Sby as with relation to the where- ilg c
abouts of 8. Van Dusen. Mr. Lachs, wind
e who is well know here, saw the per- lodal
Id son in Miisappi, and stated he was a le
m candidate for the State Senate. Se- name
5 We arnsrn street sages for
it thenr kind wishes for the scuuss of phisa
i- oar little daily-but we are sorry to p
ar say that the advise ia thrown com-a
r pletely away on uas. When that
,. "whistle blows," you ask s to wait Lon
t for, your earpet-bag will be packed, patch
r and there will be an anxious man, re t
? about your size, to "lope out" on the ho
I first train.re
breke
Kellogg has gone North, and Monda
1 we are now barberously governed ular t
by C. C. Antoine. thems
turban
The city of Cineinnatti appears to deitl
be the center of the rain storm, ex- Sanis
tending 100 miles in each direction, i repo.
custodJ
We moust beg to make the amd.e theP R
honorable to the correspondent 8. .8.. comli
of the Coushatta Citie. pre
We are not very dall of epro- and se
beasion, and we say so without adis. the
play of egotism, we hope; we have The re
seen and read satire, but admit hundreo
our ignorance of this "new kind." of aevet
The correspondent 8. 8. 8. Is no
doubt, as the Citizen says, a gaentle. Pan
man in every way worthy of respect, San 8al
but we must beg to demar on the ticalrio'
question of "irony." h ab
BY TELEGRAPH.
spirited
ik of the Special to Vindicator.
ie finan- Nicholson's Captured.
iarty as
o til Ilinggold, La., Aug. IS.-Nicholson's
caught in Arkansas. Just left here
nige of for Coushatta chained together.
tty soon MiEcellanious.
by the New York, Aug. 10.-Judge law
rance of the Supreme Court, granted
m itC, a petition for a bill of particulars in
and less the suit of Mayor & Co., against
owney. Tweed. The suit in the case is to
,ency to recover money paid on all alleged
ficticious bills to Edward Mariner, ap
Sre- oved by Tweed as Commissioner of
such a Public Works. Judge Westbrook
ade and placed the appeal from Judge Bar
rett's order denying motion to reduce
Tweed's lond on Gen'l. Teina callen
Si the dar for the 23rd inst.
, Sher- Neow York, Aug. 11.-Right Rev.
ek "into Bishop A. Martin, left for Natchito
ag mon- ches to-night.
Washington, Aug. 10.-Commodore
Amner, acting Secretary of the Navy,
still to-day received rom acting Secreta
ry of State, a dispatch from Tripoli,
Sof the dated August the 7th, stating that
opinion Mr. Vidal, the Amerioa, Ir ...-aa ore,
it Radi- and his lady, v,, cn insulted by
,Tripoli an ý.ors, and asking whether
ir supe- . t ur vessels of war could coni
,ar "7 veniently reach that point. The act
ing Secretary of the Navy gave or
r Cliin- da(rs that the U. S. steamer Hartford,
Capt. Harmorey, now at port, sail en
f route home from the Asiatic station.
Bt year, proceed to Tripoli, to enquire into
't party the facts and demand that the perpe
friend trators of the insult be arrested and
g was punished. Rear Aduidral Worden,
commanding at European Station,
id most was also instructed to keep himself I
easons advised of circumstances, and if nec
'st man essary, to send other vessels to Tri
poli, to demand an apology and pun
ishment of the parties. n
to see ;Montgomery, Ala., Aug 10. Complete 9
r shirt' returns received. The majority for 4
aublic the Convention is 16,500. Delegates I
elected: Democrats 81; independent 6
crying democrats 6; republicans 12. 8
wIe are Fort Gibson, I. T., Aug. 10.-The S
re do election passed off quietly except in 0o
whole the sixth precinct. The returns come hI
in slow on account of high water pa
eeling which prevented voters reaching the fir
(Tree- polls. It is generally conceded that slh
ted-_ Ross has been re-elected. The Ross ch
lings, party has the Senate an Council. tii
Jacksonville, Fla., Aug. lO.-The bi
enry's following resolution were passed be- wI
.1 joy fore the city council of thie city last sit
night for the purpose of patting an
Ilate, end to flying reports of yellow fever et
being in the city : Resolved, That it go
more is the unanimous opinion of the Du- gr
val county Medical Society, there 25
being at full attendance, that there has
that not been a case of yellow fever or any
I the disease resembling it in our midst.
rar as Omaha, Aug. 9.-It is estimated J.
that the number of Texas cattle driv.
o er en into this State this year, will we
rant- amount to over one hundred thousand. cit
They are mostly held by cattle ntis
;mao ers along the line of the Union Pacific
that railroad, from Kearney Junction to
Sidney. Forty thousand, the num- J.)
ough her driven to this year, have been
Inds. sold, and a large number will be ton
shipped East this year, through this no
nept point.
very Now Yprk, Aug. 9.-James Henry, me
hey and John Hall, cabin passengers on
ne tho eteeneM Kapetork, from Havre,
ito- have been'arrested, and in their pos- to
session was found among other things, froI
at. jewelry, some answering the descrip. p
tuff tion of the family jewels stolen from
Countess Dudley, in London, and
not also a diamond scarf pin, stolen from
ate a New York lady iin Paris. . vol
- New York, Aug. 9.--Two ships
which had been laden with wheat call
and corn by Archibald, Baxter & Co., Fu
he the value of which was 400,000, were Cr
an- seized yesterday in Brooklyn, as 24 c
n ie Archibald. Baxter & Co., had pur- Ci
ad chased the' grain promising to pay t
cash, but had failed to do so at the
is time of their suspension, whe
e Charleston; 8. C. Aug. 9.--Parker, ths
the e-Treasurer of thisState, who es- ave
caped from jail last week, where he oa
the waconfied awaiting trial for plun-, o
to dering the wtate while in oce, wasthe
i. recaptured in Camden' last night, and
ed will be brought to Cohlmbia in irons. o
Detroit, Mich., 4og. 9.--Gale so- Po
yere and several vessels and tug
Vulcan, lost, also a raft of two mil
On lion feet of lumber. aver
til Milwaukee, Aug. 9.-Another shot
Ig- ftire has broken out at Oshakosh, n
every thing is int the wildest confa
sion, it may possibly be pat out, but rn
ho it is doubtful. No further partico.
lara up to this time, 2 p. m. gre.
Memphis, Aug. 9,-The river hasbo
d risen one inch assee sis o'cloock. Last
it pen advices from St. Francis river ar ot
threatening.tr
it, gnat 8 eg Servi Bezm o*. San B
a Washington, Aug. 9.-Par the Ohio
Svalley, ennessee and Gulf Statesm a
decidedly warm weather and iqrs.
8 inug cloudiness with .. 'to South est
, winds. Slowly fallina barometer and fun
.- lo~al rains. The Misissippi river lia abr
fallen eighteen inches at St. Louits Cor
and two incehes at Cairo. At the last Cl
'named station, it is now forty-four d0e
feet and eleven inchee or fr feet Wn
probby . o the dange nes Itn
of thems sattions. Is a
Foreign. ,. 4
London, Aug. 10-A speeial di Pacifi
, patch to the Standard from Glasgow, shall
reports that ~ ty ripters, many of ed I
whom woe badly hiit, were brought g
heofe a Mutae testmda iind
broke oat again in the ,ierba en meats
I Monday, and the volunteers sad the D
I lar troops were oered to portion
themselves in readineus, but the die. Stnro
turlance was quieted by readingof otsaid
the riot act. Mobs of Catbolics, arm.- shall,
ald with hatchets sad knives, are or- from M
gamnised and acting under leaders; it kana, a
is reported that several men now In Brookit
custody, are Head Centers. then ac
Pan.ama, Aug. 10.--The poiion of come w
the Republieaus of Colnmbia is more constre
eomlicated. Th eonst for the loweve
prl deny threatens a gerel wa 1874,
and second fight took in at CIame. deemed
rion ad State of ud- betwee asId Te
the State foresa etonists. shall hew
The revolatiooiat, aoalstie of ais povisim
hundred;, were defeated wjti a loss ofroe d
of several olker'nd .part of their pany, a
artillery. It is considered thit war view of
has begun. toreeom
Panama, Aug. lO.-Iu San Miguel, from ,u
an,8.alvador, where~he reeent thlei
tesl riots took place, order bhas been a
re-establisheod. Presideut Gonzeales from She
had about fifty of those engaged, allo of said -
in squads, nt different tow n betlween.
San Miguel and the capital, causing
the ipadre who occasioUvd the out.
break to witne.ss the executiou. Many
red. criminals confesied they were assured
by the padres that tlley might rob the I
iclholson's rich provided they gave part to the
left here church; great sorrow and indigna.
Iter. Lion have been expressed throuaghout
Central America at the event of San
Miguel, in which the respectable part
dge Law- of the clergy join.
t, granted Havana, Aug. 9.--The cargo of the
ticulars in British vessel Laura Price, which was
inst pursued into Ilaytien waters by a
ae i to Spanish gunboat, has been embargoed
11 alleged as contraband and will be taken to
iner a Havana by a Spanish steamer. The
rioner, of Diaro thanks the British counnel gen
eestbrook eral in Hayti for his good office in the
idge Bar- smatter.
to reduce London, Aug. 9.-Many fresh ar
u callen- rests have been made in consequene
of the renewal of disturbances at
ght Rev. Glasgow between home rulers and
Natchito- orangemen. The military are held in
readiness to prevent further disorder.
mnmodore Lodon Aug. 9.-The trial of Alex.
lie Navy, and Win. Collie for obtaining large
Secreta- sums of money under false pretence,
Tripoli has been postponed; Alea. Collie haw.
iig in absco,~ero. The pree-.
tha, tin vr.Le unwilling to ptosed against
bylteen c William alone. $5,000 reward has
whether Ibeen offered for the apprehension of
nld con- Alexander Collie.
The act- Montreal, Aug. 9.-During the past
e or- week two commercial houses, perfeet.
Irtford ly sound, as far as assets and lisbili.
t, ail eD lies are concerned, have been obliged
station, to make special arrangements with
ire into creditors for extension.
Ottawa, Aug. &-The rains lsu
sted and week will cause heavy loss in pa
Worden crops and there are thousand of acres
Station, of oats which cannot be cut wih
him self cytue or reaper.
Iif net- MARKETS.
i to Tri
nd pun- New Orleans, Aug. 10.--Sgar ir.
mer, fair to fully fair 8#91, prime
onmplete 4o10; molasses dull, commeo 40B
rity for 45, fair 50t55, prime tocholers g0 .
legates flour, upward tendency, IX Ps
resdent 6 75, XXX 78 .50, choice and *mAy
8 75@9 50; corn meal firmer, held at
.-The 4 25; corn scaree and firm atSg78(8
sept in oats flrmer, 68071; bran mcaee $1. 25
is come hay Brun, quoted at27 for old pd m.
water pork firm, held at $24, dry sat me
ag the firmer, shoulders 91, baeeo firs held,
d that shoulders 1016131, sides 15}, Uam,
e !ose choice sugar cared, firmerat 14 lard,
iI. tierce 141, keg 15; coffee steady,
,-The bing, ordinary to me 18 ;
ed be- whisky firm at .1 Gold 113i
ty last sight 31 premium.
Ling an New Orleans, Aug. 10.-Cotto qa.
fever et, middling 141, low middling 131,
That it good ordinary 12. Net receipts 19,
e Da- gross 31; exports coastwise 6; sales
there 25 bales.
,re has .i u
-st. Coushatta, La., Aug. 12th, 1875.
mated J. A. Wolfson:
driv. Nicholson's captured; just arrived;
, will were caught in Arkansas. Great ex
easmd. eiteinent.
riBa. WoLo
Paciic
ion to Coushatta, la., Aug. 12,1875.
numi- J. H. Cosgrove, Editor Vindicator:
been Nicholson's captured- at Wilialmg
ilthbe ton Ianding, Arkansas. They als
Sths now in jail Itere.
First bale new cotton received by
[eury, me to-day. JULES Lso.
on Shreveprt, Aug. 13.-River rose
Ie ten inlches the last rise ; nw amnueats
to four feet seven inches. Latest mere
g, from Fulton report river falling faSt.
fo Poiladelphra, Aug. I1.-A meedag
aof tne stock ndolders of theim Texs &
r Pacific Railway, held and adoptd
voluminous report of the Presidet.
The work of constroetion is practi-.
sa cally suspended now, but will be s
ausmed in September.
Co., Frankford, Ky., Aug. 11.--M.
f Creary's mnjority nearly 3,O00, witg
S 24 counties to hear fronm.
pur- Cincinnati, 0., Aug. I.-Te G- .
se tte hs letters fom 114 oeaty esats
ewhlere the flood ocurrd, wheich
ke that the prospects are mes .bim
than was expected. Whet and sbs
)es- have suffered, oftbeformer two tbu
o of a crop will be saved, of the lit
les than half can be aoved, af lo
and there will be more than o vera
an oP, owin.g, to increase uacrsg
ne. otrts will yield largely, aillioug h
Ssome few farmers eOPlai of n.
Smost points the yield will be over the
average. The Hay erop will noet dl
short of the average quatity, het
thequality isb not as lgeloo a" sul.
, Bteg, Aug. l!.-ExGov. Win. '
but ralm, of N CaroPlia, died of
organic disease of the heart at Co *
gress Hall this morning, he ame her
Sabout three weeks since and had been
confined to bi .rm foer d .
8an Diego, AAug. l1.-Tte Purser
m of the ctly k PAn mgreiI. inilrt
the revolutionists attempted to seak
San Blas, bhut were defeated adldd.
ho heyenne, Aug. 1.-Gen lCooke
nCol. Stanton, rtetrned ~ ti teh
to Blaick ill. and rellorLtte ale@i
S.preparing to leave the 8 coutry It "
et ther opiiena that the moatnalaesre
nd full of quarts, sad thit eapial iad
'i labor wll develop mimes el to
i Colorado and Nevado . Ther were
1100 Lmiaers on the Hills whp had
Sdone much preleminary wutk.
me Washington, Aug. II.-Tha Ser..
the following letter to the Pl i
and it has been retorised to bhi with
.its reonmedioa approved. Do
Patmeat of l.aterier, Wa s,
A.4,. 1875; Sir: On tlse td
April 84,so muach of the ' smetil
a Palo railroad uas liebEtwees- u
of ed in the rst Jma o Zr. Ho Blf
I_ gon cm r n m, who let eah e
ig stance complanse, wit e re*qire.
m ments of the priated luastredoue o
r- the Department in additie to the
d portion tus accepted by yoa, Mr.
f of sad ead, oeuctea fron -
-shall, ut at of Teas and loiuians,
.from Marball orthwanrd to Tesar.
it kana, and from Shrman eastward
n Breokston, these potions were not
then accepted, besse they did not
t come within the athriaing of the
B construction of said road, since ne,
a h owever, tme at of tise d of Joune,
S1814, has deulaed raid perioes re.
Sdeaemed adtakhe to be a prt of ahe
I ia Teras and P.iho Railro ad.
 .shallheream be re t to dln
I pmrvioas ad liltotio.s d the
of Congres Inetor adug ai.d or
pany, and tm heuple tU 1bra *
view of this ast. I hav te hener
to recommend that said feh a
from Marshall to the Udary i
dividing| Txas and Iso a sa -
Marshall to T~aES ., Ar ise .
from bherman to Brwiton, Texas
of said road•, (avorably reportes on