OFFICIAL
Paper of the Parish and City of Natchitoches
JA`. H. COSGROVE, - " - Editor.
SATURDAY, - - - JULY 13, 1týT.
FOR THE STATE SENATE.
The friends of WILLIAM L. JACK,
ESQ., will support him belore the Paribu
and District Convention for the State
Senate.
Constitution of 1 S N.
This instrument, which we have
hitherto designated as a blot on our
civilization and an insult to our man
hood, is claimed by sonme to possess
great attractions-if garnished with a
few amendments. Indeed, we are told
that the Constitution of 1868, when
"remedied" by the amendments, will
be far superior to the Constitutions of
Pennsylvania, Arkansas and Georgia,
which heretofore have been cited as
models of organic instruments.
These arguments-at least tlhey
are in line with the deluge of words
which we have been afiicted with for
months and we call them arguments
through courtesy-are the latest ef
forts of the votaries of conservatism.
Let us see what virtue there is in
this talk.
The Constitution of Pennsylvania
is the pioneer of modern organic laws,
and its provisions, if we are correctly
informed, are purely democratic, in
this, that they prohibit monopolies
even to the extent of making it un
lawful for two chartered institutions,
not possessing exclusive privileges, to
combine. Vide, the Atlantic and
Pacific and Western Union Telegraph
companies and their contest with the
State authorities. We give prece
dence to this "monopoly principle"
because we consider it the enemy of
democratic liberty in America. It is
a vicious anomaly in a republic that
any set of men should have legal
rights or exemptions from the opera
tions of law not accorded to each and
every citizen of the country. Mono
polies are such legal exemptions, and
they are contrary to the theory, in
consistent with the practice, and sub
versive of the spirit of true democra
cy.
Do the amendments destroy these
enemies of popular rights? They do
not! Nay.- They implant them (by
refusing to abrogate) firmly in our
system of government. They place
them in such a position that naught
but armed revolution can destroy
them. Here then is a vicious and
alarming principle retained-aye, en
dorsed by the amendments.
The enemy of human liberty does
not come in the same garb in each of
its assaults on mankind. No sane
tyrant would think of branding the
assumption of power, or the usurpa
tion of an inherent right of the citi
zen, as a tax on tea or "ship money."
In that guise the most ignorant would
recognize the monster, but it comes
again and again, clothed in all man
ner of robes, to accomplish the same
end, however, the subversion of po
pular liberty and the crystalization
of power into the hands of the few.
Here then is a principle of demo.
cratic government which the Pensyl
vania, Arkansas and Georgia consti
tutions boldly enunciate, declare and
maintain, but which is not in the
constitution of 1868 and which the
amendments do not supply.
In that instance, a fundamental
and fatal instance, the patching does
not, nor cannot, blossom the bayonet
edict of 1868, into the full blown rose
of a popular and democratic consti
tation.
This subject will receive our atten
tion from this time forward and we
mllpose to show conclusively that
the ameodments are even more dire
enemies to our rights and liberties as
citizens than the vicious constitution
they attempt to better.
The State Debt.
As a sweet morsel, these people
who oppose an honest constitution,
continually roll under their, tongue
the stale quid that the "conventioniat"
favor the repudiation of the State
debt and the destruction of the State
credit.
Sach a cheWe as that made against
honest and honorable men only shows
to what desperate straights these peo
ple are reduced, in their, loyalty to
bad in order to meet oqr arguments.
In order that this charge may not have
longer the semblance of a cotempto.
oos silence which it deserves, we de
sire to state most emphatically that
we are in favor of the rigorous pay.
moet of every dollar of our State in.
debtedness. We accepted the scaling
'law as a compromise with our credit
ors, sad we intend to insist that it
shall be maintained to the payment
of the utmost farthing. This, too, i.
the sentiment of our people, and we
call on all our confreres in favor of a
constitutional convention to give the
lie, for once and all, to this sale
charge of our being repndiationists.
Th9 Constitution bnlliiTstlls on.
AvoyeIlee, Caddo, .Biendille anSI
Richiland are in line. fhow abont
DeSoto.
'Oarw pmila Nnrh area dead . rlor.
<breveport for a *bole
Lt. (Gvernor Wiltz.
A valued cortcspotndi'nt of this pa
per writing from New Orleans, and
for whose utterances wease in no way
responsible, has in a late letter, attack
ed the past administration of Gover
nor Wiltz as 1Mayor of New (Orleans.
We do not Lelievo our correspondent
intended to charge that that adnminis
tratiou was corrupt although his lan
guage was susceptible of that con
struction. However, Governor Wiltz,
not only in that capacity but in all
others ihich he has acted as a pub
lie servant is as spotless as snow.
No charge of that character would
hold with us for a moment, because
his life is an open refutation, a con
elusive argument against it.
We must admit that Governor
Wiltz is our beauideal of a public
man; our dream of a democratic
leader. A man, who though young
in years, has occupied no position,
and he has occupied many, without
adorning them. A chivalrous South
ron, bred with all the honor and sen
timent of his race, he would scorn to
stoop to the committal of any act
that could even be tortured into cor
c ruption. It has been our fortune to
become fully accquainted with Mr.
Wiltz's administration as Mayor of
New Orleans, and even his bitterest
enemies have, with universal acclam
ation, pronounced it one of the best
the city ever had. We prepared an
article taking issue with our corres
pondent at the time of the appear
ance of his charge but it was unfi,r
tunately mislaid. We are pained
that any friend here should suppose
we were "going back on Wiltz," as
some have felicitated themselves, and
we now give these "few remarks" to
show where we stand, and to which
they are invited f-or consolation.
Since writing the above we have
received foma ied a fiend a number of
the New Orleans Democrat of July 16,
1876, which contains a complete and
full reply to these charges made by
Amieus Curice. It is useless for our
people here to reproduce that refuta
tion, they have all perused it, and
had they not, their knowledge of the
character of Governor Wiltz, their
confidence in him is too firmly fixed to
be shaken by any charge of this or
like character.
In 1876 our people opposed Gover
nor Wiltz's nomination through mao
tires ofpublic police ; in him as a man
and a citizen, as a public servant,
they had unbounded confidence, and
that confidence has been increased
tenfold since. How much we regret
our mistaken judgment in not sup
porting Mr. Wiltz in 1876 for the first
position on our ticket will be shown
by our people on tnhe very first occa
sion that offers.
Shall we Have a Convention. .
The last Legislature passed a reso- F
lution to submit the question of call
ing a constitutional convention to the I
people at the election in November. D
I This was doubtless considered a con- c
a cession to the democratic minority
which favored the calling of a con
vention; but is it not apparent to
the most obtuse observer that this ,
will be taken advantage of by those 1
false democrats who are determined
to force the white people of this State
to live forever under the vile radical
-military abortion of 1868. Nine
tenths of the white democrats are in I
favor of a new constitution, but the
renegade white vote added to the
solid radical vote will make it appear
1 that a majority of the people of the
s State are opposed to a convention.
t Are the people to be tricked out of
9 their rights in this manner? In this
matter the people are sovereign, not
the legislature. If the people wish to
change their organic law, the legis
e lature cannot defeat their will; the
t exercise of this inherent right does
P not depend 4poen the consent of the
A legislature. The inherent right of a
free people to change their govern
ment at any time and in any manner
they wish is above the law, is higher
than Courts, Governors or Legisla
a tures. If corruptionists and syco- I
phants have such power in this State
as to control the usual channels of
action and subvert the will of the
majority, let the people ignore these
unfaithful servants and act for them
selves ; let themn rise in' the majesty
t of their might and measure strength
a with Howard's Lottery and the other
foul incubi that have fastened them
i selves on the body politic; let it be
decided now and forever who is mas
e ter in this land.. Let the democratic
- convention soon to meet in Baton
Rouge call a conatitutional, conven
t ion, let a new constitution be framed
and adopted .by a majority of the
- voters of this State';-; let, a govein
, anent be established tinder it, and
then who will oppose it. The con
t stitution of 1845 was framed by a
ti onventien called in 'this way. The
model constitution of Pennsylvania
p was framed and adopted in same
Swmanner. No one thought of disre
e garding the constitution of 1845 fr
. 'hii reason ; n;, one to-day thinks ,of
resisting the government of Pennayl
vania. Otlher States have pqrsned
he same conrse 'with eqgual success.
Vthenever the usual 'chaennel of gov
• rmental actiau are eoutrntlet and
tliceeted as to defeat the will of the
lipr it is not only. their right hbnt
'. ther duty to aeaetb and maintain
+ili3i wer -by their -*o ipdepen-t
t action. " Tlre ba een so
aind o1ise rg nd rv%p(eVI 14P o ... i f"l1(
O(t ItiiitVy ft at (I 11(' Ick4 l is e l fi I
go vo 111411, 1:; ºt(n tol i,1f
changed. A lititle O1tV hkt 111 4 .e4imbE
o'f popular i IiIt, ýý ii l In 1 I(tt idcI~l
of the peolu1c, or. re 1l11 `'lllal 1
prcmio ? It, is WI·ll to Settle I iii e11,,,
I tiunl now.k.
H~'U'K) MIOUNT ('III lt:ii,
July 4th, 1878. i
DEAR VINIICATOI :
I have the pleasure to report thalt
the Barbecue advertised to take place
here this day, has proved an entire
success. Early in the morning the
people began to assemible, and at ten
o'clock by an urnexagerated estimate,
about five hundred persons were
present. Mr. E. F. Presley anld MIr.
J. F. Smith delivered appropriate ad
dresses, which amply did justice to
the occasion, after which all repaired
to the tables prepared near the
Church, and loaded with the choicest
of barbecued viands, to partake of
the good cheer of the worthy people
of that vicinity, in the afternoon a
Sermon is to be preached by Rev. Ir.
Atwood, and I would not be surpris
ed it in the evening the young Ladies
and Gentlemen, by way of a set off,
have a dance. Everythling is passing
off in a lovely manner, and I can as
sure you, that nothing has occurred
during the last ten years which more
clearly and surely indicates an im
porvelnent in the times, and the pros
perity and happiness of the people,
inore than this pleasant reunion of
the people to-day at Rocky Mount
Church Barbecue. MOT.
IIPROCEE DINGS
OF1' THE
Pol1ice Jury,
PARISH OF NATCHITOCHES.
REGULAR MEETING, JULY 1878.
Monday, July 8th, 1878. p
Body called to order at 11 o'clock a. m.
Present-nWm. Payne, President.
.los Ezernack,
Carroll Jones,
W. C. Ross,
A. V. Carter,
W. B Butler,
M. B. L'lorens,
H. E. Jackson.
Absent-L Chopin.
F. Jennings presented Commnission as
Police Juror Ward 5, vice J. B. Flecm
wing, from Governor F. T. Nicholls, and
took his seat as member from said Ward.
ELECTION OF OFFICERS.
By W. B. Butler, a
Resolved. That the present Officers of 11
the Police Jury be and are hereby re t
elected to, and retained in the offices r
to which they were elected in Jnue, 1877. a
to wit :
Win. Payne, President. P
A. E. Lemee, Treasurer. P
.I. H. Cosgrove, Clerk. a
ROAD PETITIONS. o
Petition from D. F. Williams and oth- 9
era, for Road from Lake Village to the
road leading from Sparta to Campte, at or a
near the Shiring place. Granted, and
T. J. Brittain, L. W. Sheppard, Pat. 1
Coffey, John Nash, Albert Tarkington, 1I
W. C. Ross, and D. Moody, appointed to r
mark out said road. A
Petition from S. M. Crump and others, c
f,,r Road from Allen to Pleasant Hill s
and Brownsville, at or near a point be- (
teen B. H. Hlollingsworth's and Ferry on
Bayou Pierre. Granted, and D. A. Black- a
shlier, Win. M. Prothro, Henry Harrison, 6
R. H. Brown, and R. J. W. Knott, ap- d
pointed to mark out and trace said road. t
Petition from J. G. Riedhiemer to change a
Road leading from Campte to Vernon, so
as to pass by Riedhiemer's House and
Mill, prorided, it be done at petitioners a
cost, and in a good and lawful manner.
PAUPER PETITIONS.
The following named were placed on
the list, on petition, and allowed amodunts
set forth hereinatter. e
Marcelelin Andre,Ward 4 $2,50 per month t
Widow Jno. Thompson, Ward 4, $'2,50 " r
iJohn Ransley, Ward 10, $2,50'per month
Laid Daniest, Ward 4, " "
9 Delieh 1HIbbartd, Ward 1. " "
G. W. Hodnott, Ward . ..Granted. e
and $2 50 per, month for self, 4nd $2 50j
for wife, and $1 25 each for 2 children,
1 per month.
e GENERAL PETITIONS.
e Petition from J. P. Riedhiemer and
others at Campte, Ward 4, asking action a
r on Act. 84, Acts General Assembly 1878,
a regarding the sale of liquor on the Sab
bath day, presented, and under discus- i
sion. I
f Petition of M. Boyce referred to the I
SCommittee on Finance.
REPORT OF ROAD TRACERS. I
Parish of Natchitoches, i
D State of Louisiana.
- To the Hon. President, Police Jury of the
e aforesaid parish.
8 Be it remembered, that in pursuance i
to an order of the Police Jury of the
e Parish of Natchitoches, dated February
a 23d, 1878, ordering the establishment of I
a pueblic road from opposite Grappe's i
Bluff, and connecting the said road with I
r road No. 106, also establishing a public -
p ferry from Grapp's Bluff to the opposite a
landing, the following named freehold- I
ers being duly appointed .CommissiOners
- to trace and lay out said road, to-wit; i
e. O. Mabin, Josiah Adams, N. F. Sco- I
pini, M. H. Nowlen, T. L. MeMurin, and
f R. E. Hammett.
e We, the undersigned, after reviewing I
the said road, agreed to establish it as
e follows, to-wit:
- Commencing at the lauding opposite
Grappe's Blud and running up on the
bank of the river to the line between T.
C. Donovan and Adolph Prudhommes', a
r or Halifax plantation; thence west on I
said dividing line to the public road No.
106. All of which is most respectfully
e submitted. Police Jury Ward No. 3, March
1st, 1878.
(Signed) J. Adams,
N. F. Scopini,
n M. H. Nowlen,
T. L. McMurin,
R. E. Hammctt.
i -State of Louisiana,
e Parish of Natchitoches
Grappe's Bluff, Ward 3.
d To the Hen. Members and President ol
the Police Jury.
SWe, the udersiged Commissioners ap.
a pointed by your Honorable Bwly to trace
rid lay out a road opposite Grappese
Binff, along the river bank to the public
Sroad No. 106, submit the following re
port:
T'lhat on the day of March, 1878
after being duly sworn, proceeded in a
Ir body and reviewed the racd, and laid i.
,f out as follows: Con De coing at the
Grappe's Buff ferry lauding opposite
Irappe's Bluff, a ad running the toad nl
d th~ river front within 4'! ftet from the
Shigh water mark up to the dividing lan1
between the Tonoean tract and Halifax
tract, to the p blic road. We also r -
d rort that there is no demages to assess tc:
any person, as that part of the roi d in
ethe lane, Mr. Adolph Pri dbhetme cn.
It seated to give a right away sdleicnt for
a ioad up to? rn,' No. 10O
SWe aspeseftully subnit to youPr con
* 4. 1 T. Is. MoMurra,
. ii n l inli , III
; E. Hiunoit , ci
N. I'. S4'olpin,
.Josih ah A ms cs,
M. II. Nowlen. ti
I herely c.'rtify that the above signed
lhevi\ewrs have taken he 1o.th as pr, -
Srt iled bly law.
MJlinh Is,.
Jt: tice of I. lI'14, \\', ,rd 3.
Ihe h, i 1 1or1 wau Iretc. r,' aml ;itpn ,i I1 l,
:tIi the said load as t11,4.4.d .1114 laul 0 1i.
\\a % h d clared a pl,1 liC road, alll 11liImb t'
iiid 127. i
T. I. Mellarin \a. .p ,piltld I,1d
Overseer 4of r1:l I1 7.
A.p.jol rn dled till :3 o'clock p. ,l. t
EVENING S:ESSI N.
R,.ly ust as per adijournnul It. MS;ae It
ulclle besl ' Ipreslent as :It Ilornill Sl,"si; , b
with Ithe' adlition of L. ('lhopin.
PI lition from ,,o . A. ';I rroll, r, latil:'
to Bridge \Vr:nr:ut ftr -7h5, (N1, is. ,.l !,y
P A. Simmounss' Poli,' ),hIey 'for hunilin t!
Ilrhilge over Lake Vl.-h 1n,nin ('.l',,a,1,.
received, :1ul1 re rtf.rrd to I'enoll itll ' ,lto
I Finan'e'. Inldry ('::ninhs of A. P'. li'i., Cj
I Coroner, for seVt'era;l years plst, aild pI- P
proved hleretotlO're by stieceeding P'olice 
Juries, reft;rreul to ('olu nittc ,ii l:i- o
Snatce.
ORDINANCE No. ti
By Mr. A. V. Carter
Be it Resolved, That the salary of the
Parish Attorney for the year 1878 be. and I
the same is herely fixed at three Iii- h n
dred dollars, payal.,e litarlterly oni his Ih
own warriant ; nd lt-i 1e it further b
Resolved, That the su1fi of two hu11iI- a
dred dollars lihe, ull Ihei same is hereby a
appropriated fromu the (eneral I"nid, to 1
pay said salary, in addition to the !10 I i
heretofore approlpriated. Adopted a
Adjourned to to-limorrow at 9 a. tit. I
TUESDAYS SESSION, July t9.
Body met as per adjournment. s
Present--Win. Payne. President. y
Joseph EIze rlaeck.
('arroll .Jones,
W. C. Ro.,s t
A V. Carter. s
W. It. Butler,
N. B. I,'loren s.
H IE. Jacksonu.
F. Jennings,
L. Chopini.
ROAD L WS.'
An Ordinance in relation to Road Ap- I
portioners, Overseers, Hands, &c.
ROAD APPORTIONERS. i4
SEC. 1 Be it Ordained by the Police 1
Jury of the Parish of Nat, hitoches, That
the Police, Jury shall appoit at its reg
rilar Jaouariy sesstiin in eachli year, three"
householders nI each Ward of tilet parish.
sitlject i to rolad ditty, lwhose duliity it shall
be to act as Road A.\,portioneas for the
term of ltne year, anil w hose jnriisdictiot
as such shall he limited to tilhe ward for
which they are aploinited. and of whticli
1 they inust be residents.
. SE. 2. Be it, further Orlained, &e,
Thait said road apportiouers shall, witjl.
in twenty days from the receipt of their t
appointmlents as such, at)portiou then
Shands, residents of thlieir wards and liabile
to work on the public roa'd, to the seve
rat overseers of their respective Districts,
and to furnish lists to said Overseers, of
all persons liable to work the roads, of
which they are Overseers; and such
persons shall be sulject to the orders
and directions of said Overseers, and no
other persons shall be liable to road ser
v ce except those whose nialnes appear on
said lists. The said lists so furnished.
shall be attested by a majority of the
said apportioners. 4
SEC. 3. Be it further ordained, &c.,
That shonul the Police Jiay fail .or ueg
lect to appoint the road apportioners as
required by Sec. 1 of this Ordinance, the
Apportioners appointed for the year pre
ceeding shall hold their offices till their
successors are appointeld and iduly noti- I
tied of their applointment.
And any Appoltioelr duly aplpointed
and notilied, who shall refluse to act as
such. or neglect to discharge any of the
duties preseribed in the proceeding Sec
tions, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor,
and on conviction, be sublject to a tine
not to exceed twenty-five dollars, or im
prisonment not to exceed twenty days, I
Sat the discreasion of the Court.
ROADI) HANDS.
SEC. 4. Be it firther Ordained, That
Sall male peresons Ietween the age of
eighteen and forty-live shall he slubject
to road dityg, on all or any public
roads within the limit of the waril, ill t
which they reside, except ordained Min
isters of the (;Gospel, .Jnsti'es of PeIace, t
Postmasters, Licenused Physicians, Apoth
ecaries, keepers of Public Ferries and
Stheir regular assistants, Teachers and
Students of public schools. Proinded,
that no person shall Ih compelled to t
work on any road to which he has not i
been apportioned.
a EC. 5. Be it fnrther Ordained, That
I any person or persons who shall fail to
, appear and work on the roads to which t
- they have been duly appointed and tduly
-notified by their Overseers as hereinaf
ter required, and in obedieince to instruc
e tions of said Overseers, shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and on convic
tion, shall be subject to a fine of five dol
lars for each day he or they shall refuse
to work as aforesaid, or imprisonment. I
not to exceed twenty dlays, or both, at
Sthe discretion of the Court.
SEC. 6. Belt further Ordained, That
e in cases where it shall be made to ap
e pear to the entire satisfaction., of any
road Overseer, that any person who has
f been duly notified, is nunable to piformf
a roald duty, owing to some physical disa
I bility or other uncrontrdolable cause, tine
c said Overseer shall have authority to
e excuse for the time being such person
- from wo king on. thle road.. Any persmoq
' shall also be excused from rohl duty who
shall send an efficient substitute not lia
- ble to road duty. And further, any per
I son furnishing on the demunmd of the
Overseer one ox wagon or one plow
g team and plow, shall he excused froni
S road duty for the time said ox wagon or
plow team and plow, which shall be con
sidered as equal to one hand, shall be in
e actual use.
8EC. 7. Be it further Ordained, No per
, son shall be compelled to work on the
Spublic roads more than ten days during
any one year from January to January,
Snor shall any person be compelled to
h work the road during the year in which
he shall have been duly notified to serve
as a Juror.
ROAD DISTRICTS.
SEC. 8. Be it further Ordained, &c.,
'thateach P9lice Jury Ward of this par
ish shall be, and is hereby constituted a
Road District, and the said Road Die
triete shall be, and are hereby numbered
in accordance with their numoer as
SPolice Jury Wards All roads embraced
il each of the several Rosd Districts of
. he parish, as hereby conetitured, shall
ie nunibered consecutively, bsginnihg
it aumber one in each District, until the
.ntire nnmber of road- embraced in each
if the said Road Districts are designa
;ed by.uumnber.
RO.D OVERSEERS.
Si. c. 9. Be it further Ordained, &c.,
a' ihat the PolicO Jury at its regular Jan
e tary Sessanion in each year. shall appoint
e' isRoad Overseer for each public road
In each Road District. to serve for the
, term of ore year; provided, that no per
*x ,so shall be compelled to serve as a road
, verseer two yeals ill succession. And
c if from any cau'e a vacancy should oc
n -ur during the year, the President of the
. Police Jury is hereby empowered to ap
ir pouint an ovelseer to 11fil1 such vacancy
tluring the remauinder of the year. And
should any person appointaedin accord
ance with the provisofl o. tti ,Section,
efous.eor fal to ot a he sball be
' L'"  
demned guilty of a ii lde'm":anor, and on
Clnl'ictinl, shall ae suhtjeit t) a fine (if -
tilty dollarl' , or IIllPrl'i ailllt llui io t to ex
ered thirty days. or both. at the discrl'
tiol of the Colurt.
S II Bie it fIrther ordained, Ae.,
I' ,' T tl t ti . ' np' " : ,hpointuent to r'oadl over.
elt, .,l':t' . hl I . it ,iI.)I t by the ' lerk o' t
I thl r, ,li, c j, sit it hil l ta, ity (ia ,.i ,f'l.'
ihil :ii'ls l, ,S l. ,al" pi i ri d ill the
I-li li d 1,1 A il'l at" lih l' ( .,I l t' i ft, , ii tuitI'
ast the .l ' t (.:11 i It I n ttti 1able is hurt . ,
to tt otill tlll mh lit. a Slr it't it, thin tit.
'laV., l't, i ) ! I l ovel' ' till S , h al tuliih A' u' lltti'l
ti Ih ;ie nds as hi r sfiu . i l sl . l'r ll lat liil
shoith r hi e sill tool or iltrltlronultlas lir o
thalle e In ii('ll d Ii'cit'ed to furIli,', l ils
tIlo n, Ihen the i ' rto title of ot le tlile
Jll'r, is her'eibyv uiiihotrizted Ili h:ate :tilt
Sfir ori mo th'rvln tlin e do llalr, reelovI r ,
ard in w io e l,, ha .! .i,11 a lin ded tflt
t+e l<t pai ll It, h ti h ,r , l I i e nst l ijet to r1111 -
pe pi'int!iuil ut ilil tite Pa ih, l l Jall for t hOt
Li ' th'lian iui or l i 11 .hb 1 tetl it.
tIf,;' . II ,. H it tail lli,,i t. bi:iin,'d . TI'i:t
l i ini itfl hit ll , ti' thie Ilit'b rtk or 'lt. ol rish
Constable to malre lti ly'it il the tiie, iTn
Sposedt o ti hel t ii h. It" ' ,-tlio ink l t tiiint
tlI. Thle y sha tll l oa ,lr.i in i p yli, tihe ll s ll
- of twenty dollars, t eat ; t llte .dedned
ti lni their nalaries, aiid appropriate., iy
fhi, 'freaslrer to tihl' n' e t' lo uhli'" ro;adls.,
IiI"I'IES OF 01 VliImE''Nls.
t ic. 11. lle it fllrth,'r (Ordlhilned, &ck.
It shll i he the duty of tll roli ;et Ovrrt
I- withil i daysi aillr tile li at s h road
s hands apportioned to thrmn shall have
bNei .l i'eccived by thelli, itr anroll s ho'the -
- atr!- as tihe.y IllAy i ee111 lost prol , to givp e
i at lea, I thr,e daysil t lit tle or lrhs ibl
on otice to all lplr:wlncls w Ihotat amie; shall
S the tillt o ti l sa id 0 lil 'ºlsi's, t o a h teim
idanl pti'e ias ,illverseet imay desigi telil t
fR it' t1aid purpose.s ofr warkingi the r:ilLs.
Proviled, the whoIle timateIv osnble tllird
working the i roads by the said hands
shall not exceed 10 days, daring each
, S 1EC. 13. I1 it further ordained. &e.,
"'hlt said ovelrsef inblic ing n alotice to
thile hte nds as afli' sornl, shllllt at the
same time notify each haiid wh:it tool or
iclearednt he shall he rl'l tirelf to tiler
' sht with wo cix to woet i the rocelt aolt
on the lfaiiae of:l aley road luld to brin
with hill sullh tool or instrument as lie
shall have been rot thequiried to fu ornih, I
hoall be ailject to a ti lle of not less the
five or lmor than tell dollaris, recointaii
h'e efo t e JJus tice of ofPeace of tarshe
Ward in which he resid s, alnt inot defat
of layament, lhe shall ile subje1.ct to ise -
trii i ccllen:tl i the Parisrh Jail for not
at less tIan five nor miore than tell OdRis
San it shall s wre te dty fenall road oller
seeo to make affidhvilt heltre the J-of
lice of the ei'ice. insti all patlies otf
1fItvding, as f itre-lstiated, aid oil their
i ilu'Re so tol do. they shall be serlte t the
Sfthe penailties hereinafter es ribed f r
neglect of liuty.
1 SEec 14. lie it fuirther Ordainedl, &c.,
It shall he the duty it s all Road Ovker
stoes i this pAttorish to keehat tileir roids
in goo1 d conf the il dulrinlg their Ite'rls of
Ser'bi'e by w iti by t ile Sin at icl
S time ias lt l they I it em most proper, or
1toil Ii written ppllcatio signed hby throe
the tree-holihrs, residents ti the wards in
whith they arle I o.eteer. It shall h'
C il dlsty o the said f oltrseersl to kelp,
eall bridges and cross-ways in their re-
Spectlive load istpicts in good repair at
all tiance, and whlln frolil toy icause aty'
se of sathe bridges or cross ways nay be des
Stroalled, to ie niediately assem ble their
P thands andiit replace the sainle.
S S"' 1U5.t li. it furither Or ained, &0.,
The Overseers of public roads are hereby
e directed to have completely lt ands
cleared all 8stumpsil aind trees ter tlhe
width of sixtee to ir esni the cele ofaI
the hilwas uder their areand t o ef tr tie
repair and build the necessary bridges
othi ogh sw'iS till' il er als o\' ' eSmall risll
' itcreeks or stl'l Jr it hall
S' . 1 Be ii fnth. r Ordain, & ..,
-It shall hu e tle d'llty or l all Vtturelers a if
roads, inunldiatel-y afttr each thii they
thi irold, lo Repol t tile nlamel s of ile airsons
inwho have il ilfied to cll ay wilth ther
olaws fori alisy maller aill hereish Citairtsed
to the Justi.e of e it fithaec of their wards,c,
-aginst all sbe the dtelil of eacls without de of
S, thesPolic t ie ourly bSession to re
'3'a aist sithe codliionueofts then their same
to le r llted an red i tof from those report - te
ischB Treasy for the it propeublic roads;
V d they nall iiect where Ptishe penalttoy hal
uproeed in the Parih Court irhea the -ird
lions ahlaint hall cparties violatending thepr
deliver iio s to o t hads f the heroad iw.
a Sc. 2017. he it furthr Ordained, &c.,
is Tnat all rcase ds hlre itof soll e inde kiowid
' to the Parin estlilshel rney. that the Provis-r
ed ion of the I'olice Juyi, n 1 o, have iothe
of sare hereys, i (lal le lti he picf the sad.
all It 1Attoiey bo ila iul iforayt itdividua l
itgh tlirolgl pw i " hand lre th e PaiPohJy shall
Ire ourt, aplid l roaeed ts i sh lsei s pro-utto
i- SEc. 21. Be it further O ilained, &c.,
ThA t oveasel to e Ier oiter a pli rd aplneil
under the , visiohall lit oetion iy of thisJr
'of the duthiets detolving ipon him as
lrescri-ed B the rlaws of this parish,u It
Sshall lhe eed guilty of a i iiduIdemnyffl
of holders to han ltra l doll a rl, lch or es,
Sthni tset, dlllir, aii d ia default p lo t
Sllayn tiellr jle of iprisonlres, and to asore
asthlch twenl daes or less tany ea teon day sue
si Tit shall e lawfubrile to the Grand Jullowi
ry of this parish1- to presetnl y stear th said
C' wioverseers to the roaisdrict Conrt fdr neo -
trol laid aly te Police Juryr of the Paril t
n Naga thist irnhs toerseer viotatin any oad
eIt shall be the duty of each nmemer of
port the conditions of the roads in their
tain.
NEW .A1)VS IETfISWI1IENTS.
NOT IC'E!
DEM(OCRKII1S 14IVYARDI.
dlh~r le a MAS MI;171'fIN( of
1' thef Dt o li(llatl( Pakt' V' o1 \' iii t at the
tol' 1)1s t1 Il o'l4lcrk M , 1)11
WFI)AS ,11', JUL I1 171?, I S'%
!in' he ll rl)`Sr 4) ' cl.,. ;11^ 1111' :Itl to
~lr 1I1 o:·. 1...:4 N: 4t( ' 11t11 N'l l '. 1.1..(
1 I.
t ~ A (A.LL.
LI)III "'cc I tn 41A.'li (I(\ 9(1 1;1'ýI'lIltli1u L I t (lL 1t
IiI4
121
I t e t i: t 1?II' )!')'ii!i 1i1tle !111en';iit ºri ( d -
Il:,. ,1 1'194 ntn 1\"")111 )I 01 'til' It hrl 194)1I:t
1 oII "(:1 M.)1 J. CINN'4IN;.I' )TAM;,'1
g C Ia i -man, \t riIh E 1"1 t i 1))in '
) t'I .111 11 "111 )` )t . t ,I '.''
ýt 1 1
n -
p ) e o f eh-cctillm delegates Iinnloir thiis call.
r ti uCi 1e 1 fl hig tol W l
- cronl
TO ADVERITSERS
Geo. P. Rowell & Co's
SELECT LIST
-OF
LOCAL NEWSPAPERS.
Many perso n % nnpdnos this list to he
compolsed tof CHEAP, low-lpriced news
papers. The fact is quite otherwise.
The catalogno states exactly what the
papers are. When the name of a paper
:s printed in FULL FACE TYPE it is in
every inltnee the BEST paper in the
pl:wce. When printed in CAPITALS it is
the ONLY paper in the place. When
printed in roman letters it is neither the
hoest nor the o- ly paper, hbut is usually a
very good one, notwithstanding. The
list gives the population of every town
and the eirculatio.n of every paper. IT
IS NOT A CO OPERATIVE LIST. IT
IS NOT A CHEAP LIST. At the foot
of the Catalogue for each State the im
portant towns which are not covered by
the list are enumerated. IT IS AN
HONEST LIST. The rates charged for
advertising are hardy one-fifth the pub
lishers' schedule. The price for one inch
j four weeks in the entire list is $635
The regular rates of the pape's for the
f same space andl time are $3.136 35. The
list includes 970 newspalpers, of which
163 are issued DAILY and 507 WEEK
LY. They are located in 825 dithrrent
cities and towns. of which 22 are State
Capitals, 32A planes cf over 5,000 popn
f iation, and 444 Cuenty Seats. Lists sent
on application. Address GEO. P. ROW
ELL & (O'S NEWSPAPER ADVER
TISING BUREAU, 10 Spruce St.. (Print.
ing House Square,) N Y
June 22-4t.
JOHNS . TUCKER,
1 Magistrate Ward 1.
St. )enis Street, : : Natchitochcs, Lq.
R; D OMPT attention given to all business
1 I entrusted to his care.
f fig Claims collected at small cost.
Refers to the Bar Generally.
Jan 5 '7I-ly
! JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS, '
e - -- tr
SherilPs Sale. 1
Victor Pisson vs. Monette and Leroy. '
Parish Court-No. 612.
t DY VIRTUE of a writ of Fi. Fa. issued CO
I) in the above entitled and numbered 9
' suit and to ame directed, I have seized °
and will offer for sale, to the last and ti
highest bidder, at the door of the court
º house in the city and parish of Natchito- o
ches, on elt
i Saturday the 17th dady o/.Aug.st 1878. t
5 the following described property, to-wit.
V Two certain lots and parcels ot land, C:
A with all the buildings and improvements
º, thereon and belonging situated in the
town of Natchitoches, on 011 river ; oner
e having a front of seventy-five feet on
8 river or street, anrid running back one ar.
pent and hbonded on the North by prop- SX
e erty formerI' ly belonging to WV C Melvin.
South by Ilt formerly belonging to lIMrs
Drauget and West by another lot of [
Chais Leov. .
Another Iot or tract of land. one acre of
square, contigllouls to and adjoining the wi
lirst lot iiinamedl, being the same two lots ale
ie prchased by the Ilate Phanor Prudhom- tl
me Itt the succeessioll sale of Caroline
Poissot f. w. e. about 1835 and conveyed
Sby the heirs of said Prudhommr to Chas. th
o Leroy in 1ý66. in
Terms of Sale : T
w, Cash-with the benefit of appraisement. II
s I). '. BOULLT~, .I., ,
July 13 -tds. Sheriff:. i
SHERIFF'S SALE, ;
f J. W. Cockerham vs. D IBonllt, Jr
r District Court-No. 8217.
re DY VIRTUE of a writ of Fi. Fa. issued
to ) in the above entitled and numbered
o suit and to me directed, 1 will ottfr fin
a- sale to the last and highest bidder at the -
Ie door of the court house in the city of
Natchitoches, on
Saturday, August 17th, 1878.
the following described property, to-wit:
id A.certain tract of land situated in the
r trsh of Natchitochles, in this State, h, .
a .ng lot No ls and being partsof sectiomi
rs Nos. 15. 16 and 17, in township 9, rang.,
.. c. gontaining 451 acres, together with alp
al the buildings and improvemeuts thereon.
11 Terms of Sale :
CASH, with the benefit of appraisement.
A. P. BREDA.
t July 13-tds. Coroner.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
Sy James Henry Jeter vs. J. C. Cammaci.
It District Court-No. 790o .1
S Y Virtue of a writ, of Fi. Fa. in the
, 1) above entitled ad( numbered suit
and to me directed, I will offer for sale
to the last and highest bidder at the
door of the Court House in the City of
Natchitoches, on
)g Saturday the 17th day of August 1878.
the following doscrilwd property to-wit :
A cert.ain tract of land situated in the
iIh parish of Natchitoches and designattd as
id pre-emtion certif cate No. 8333 ofdate 16th
of October, 1$51. Lots No 1, 2, 3, 6 and
7 of section 3tI, town-hip . ra
' t~wi' hip " rangie 6, o
inI, 1': 1.7-I acres. A l anothe
t iI oft" laying 1roil the lion .i"eu ando
know'a tnthe .]i; liahnd adjoini .. the
Ia d 0 .1t 1 1. " t" 1111.ii( coutainij 213
arls, more or le%, : alo the North frac.
titnal half of the south \Vest quarter of
sectionti 2, towu'-hip range 6, cotlJais
in, d.t2I-l L nacres; 4l also atler piece f
land c ntlahtug 1..,, ,- aces t, nr .
taken o411 frolm the \% ,t side of the No
1We1t i;uart"t" of ill l oa tIfh West Nr.
to]r of section :', hy a li ne runnin Nart
,lid Southl, lth whole tract betg con.
tignons adnotmakin, t018 -'rels t ogehe
tI all tiell In ldiii and improvement
tgel-l-on ; alSo til following movable
IPrI"l" ty, to-*
12 Iead of Munlts.
I lilt" s 1 1 ,f h .
(hue lot of Ge-r.
Onit It of line...
Term.' of S,'a:
t'i;h-'a ih the hut of awpraisment.
I). II. I ' LiTl' .Ir., Sherigt
.luly 13, tIals.
.. E IDIIENT.
('ar'olitn lHtimenthal \',,. S. Winhargt her
I i sland.
District Court, lParish of Ntehitoeh
•No.. ".1' :t.
N this ,ib. by rilasl of the law and
il t' i ,c' hi eiuig ill favor ofthe
i'latintiti, t'aroline H1o ntilihal, it is ther.
fore orderedl, aitljiilg,ld ani1 decreed that
h dol hiave aniid trecover of the d41efndant
sioi \Viilthrg, lthe ',li1 of Four Th,.
'aill Sttl'i litlitlrd Dollarta with 5 r
trit iint'rt lthreiotitl froml the 12thday
t"f NMlrch, 1574. lind costs, willt recogli.
Lion of hler lrivileg, and mliortgageonthe
ioitveble ianilid inoiivahle property oher
huisheid lthe said Simon Wiunbarg. Itis
futrtlh r ordered that thlie commiunity of
S qltetts aind gains liheretofore existing he.
her and her said husband le, and the
Ssauie is herebly dlissolveld. and that Plain.
till do hltreafier have the control and ad.
iministratiln of her separate estate.
I D nt and sigiitd in open Court on this
2,tih dla!y of Jane, I"
(Si,,$n;idi D. PIERSON,
Distriet Judge.
I STIATE lOF LOUISIANA,
Parish of Natchitoches,
Clerk's Oce,
I herevby certify tl,' above and forego.
ing to he a tr'ue and correct copy of the
original Judgment on file in my offlee.
Witness my haud and of
[L S. f icial Seal at Natchitoches,
La., this 3d day of July,
A. 11.. 1878.
W. H. I'IUNNARD,
.llIyd; -3t. Clerk.
NOTICE.
r Stccessi.ont of Peabodq A. Morse.
e LEXIS E. LEMEE having filed his
s 1 p1etition to be appointed Administra.
Stor of the Succession of P. A. Morate,de
ceased, notice is hereby given to all
Spersons in interest. to show cause within
N ten days why the prayer of a id pall.
I ioner should not he grante'..
r Witness the Hion. P. A. Simmons,
r .ludge of said Conirt, on this 2nd day of
t July, A. D.. 187s.
,JNO. LAPLACE,
r July 6-2t. D'y. Clerk.
- SHERIFF'S SALE.
A. B. Sompayrac for l'se of J. W. Cok.
Serbuham transferee vs. D. H. Boullt,Jr.
1)Y virtue of awrit of aliasFi.YJi
I the above entitled and apbked
- suit and to time directed, I bihate se
t and will oiter for sale to the ls iD
Shighest bidder at the door of the oi-Lt
- Hotse in the city and parish of Natchitil ,
t ehes, on
Saturday, the 2.) day of JIy, 1878,
the following described property, to-wit:
A certain piece or parcel of land aitas
ted in the parish of Natchitochee, being
the east half of north east quarter of the
north east quarter of south east quarter,
and south east quarter of south east quar
ter of section 4, containing 16'9 acres;
. also 3 28 100 acres of the said east half
of north east quarter and north east
quarter of south east quarter of said ase
tion 4, being excess in said tract over the
area located by virtoe of Military Land
Warra'ii No. 73.95:1. also thi, noirth Iast
I llt:l4 of toitrlh ul li'ts ihlional quarter
b 4 scction 9, containing 25 7ti-lOt- acres,
also 2 76-100 acres of said south' easI
a quarter of section 4, being excess in said
Iract over the area Iocaied by virtte of
.Military Land Warrant No. 87,886, in fi
vor of Walcott A. Strong; the whole of
satd tract of htinl hIt ioi situated in towhi
adip No,9, tiortih of range 6, west, and
1ontauii g the aggiegtde quantity of
193 80-100 acres there or less, together
Iwith all the buildings and iniprove.
nments thereon, it being the same acqait
ed by the vetidor froin Robert L. Jack
i'oi, iln the 9th day of August, 1875,5a
1icr lrivilate aet ol sale duly Recorded is
the Recorder's otice of this parish.
T'i,.us of lSale. A
1 Cash-willh the benefit of appraisement.
A. P. BREDA,
June 15.- Coroner, ex-otficio Sheul,
SUCCESSION SALE.
,ic'uewssion of Marie Louise Leras*
seur, dcd.
I D Y virtue of an order of the Hon.htl
t) Parish Court in and for the parish
e ot' Natchitoches. nud to me addressed.
e will sell to the last anti the highestbid"
s der at the door of the Court llouais
4- the City and Parish of NatchitocheiN
Wednesday, the 17th day of July, 1I
. the following described property belelw
ing to the ninor J. Lestan Latglois.,
A certain lot of ground situated int
Towii of Canipte, in this parish, coniaUtU
ing four acres, more or less, boOad
north by lands of Joseph Henry, astA
by lands of Wm. Levy, Iist by lHrt
h- irs of Jules Condo west by hau5d
M. aud L. Perot, and E. L. Hart.
Ternms of Sale.
Cash, subject to appraisement.
D. H. BOULLT, JR.
1 June 15.-tds. 8herit
Dl Sherlfs Sale.
J. W. Cockerham vs. M. H. Carve.
District Court-No 8213.
Y VIRTUE of a writ of seiuret6
)sale in the above entitled and Ea"
,ered suit and to ti directed, I be
.eszed and wi'l offer for sdre to the l
tad highest lilder at the door of
'ourt House in the City and Ps
Natchitoches, o 1
t Saturday the 20th O day of July, 18
:he following described property, to
A certain lot of groun I sitnated la
,(wn of Natchitoches, on Front
having a front of 55 feet oi said t
vith a depth of two hundred and eig
.ive feet, Iei ,g the same propeY
h juited from the sucession of 1i
t and on the 19th day of JanVicr,,
,le aid lot of ground being bonde b
he ty property of Mr. Clara Laplace, F
of .y propert' of T. Lacoste, Eabt Ily_
street, together with all the bani sl
titd inmprovementis thereon or in
wise apertaining
t Terms of Sale ::
CASH, with tLe en'fit of lt rtisease
th D. f. lOl i
-Jane 15-t4I,