THE
People's Vindicttor,
FOR 1875.
We take pleasure in annnun.cing to the
lnumarous friends of the VINDICTOR,
th hat we have perfected arrangements fot
t!h, co:tiniuatioll of its publication upon
a firmnn basis. The public are well aw..rn
of the ,liticnulties under which the Con
servativo press of Louisiana labor; the
iutit'aous printing law nassed by a parti
san Legislature, solely to foste- and up
hohl, at the expense of the tax-payers.
jotraals entirely untagonistical to their
interest, and at war upon their lib rtiea,
and by forcing, under the forms of law,
our citizens to advertise in these oilicial
papers, to break down their power, the
Conservative and Democratic pre.s ; con
sequently we are compelled to depelu'
for support upon thlie gelirons contribu
tion of a people already poverty-stricken.
hut we feel assured that they will not
fail to sustain their main power in the
war of virtue against vice
The Fearless While Man's Press of
Louisiana.
The future tone of this paper can be
judged from its past. We will continue
to ad!vocate to success, the rights of the
TAXED, that honesty and capability,
ALONE, shall constitute grounds flt po
litical preferment, and a continued and
never ceasing war upon Kellogg and his
corrupt otficials-knowing theml to be in
comnion with their Chief, both usurpers
and thieves.
We can assure the public that we will
not hesitate to attack the acts of any po
litical organization, when we believe
them to be antagonistic to public good.
We are the servant of no clique or party,
and intend solely to protect and defend
the rights and liberties, in our honest
way, of the whole people-beliting that
we have done sullfficient service in the
cause of the PEOPLE in the past, we
confidently expect their support in the
future.
TERMS :
1 Copy 1 year.................... $3
1 " 6 Ilos....................... $2
(Invariably iu advance.)
We furnish as a premium to each paid
lup subscriber, for one year from the first
of January, a fine STEEL ENGRAVING,
19x24 inches, of almost any Historical
subject.
JAS. iH. COSGROVE,
Editor.
PELLI & AREATIX,
Publishers.
THE BEST PAPER.. TRY IT.
POSTAGE FREE.
Beautifully Illustrated.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN now in
its 30th year, enjoys the widest cireula
tiohi of any weekly newspaper of the kind
in the world. A new volume lommeuces
January 4,1875.
Its contents embrace the latest and most
interesting information pertaining to the
Industrial, Mechanical, and scientific Pro.
gross of the World; Descriptions, with
Beautiful Engravings, of New Inventions,
New Processes, and Improved Industries
of all kinds; Useful Notes, Recipes, Sug
gestions and Advice, by Practical Writers
for Workmen and Employers. in all the
various arts.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN is the
cheapest and best illustrated weekly pa
per published. Every number contains,
from 10 to 15 original engravings of new
machinery and novel inventiens.
ENGRAVIiGS, illustrating Improve
ments, Discoveries, and Important Works.
pertaining to Civil and Mechanica Engi
neering, Milling, Mining and Metallurgy:
Records of the latest paogress in the AIp
plicatiois of Steam. Steam Engineering.
Railways. Ship-Building, Navigation.
Telegraphy, Telegraph Engineering, Elec
tricity, Magnetism, Light and Heat.
FARMERS, Mechanics, Engineers.
Inventors, Manufacturers. Chemnists, Lov
ers of Science, Teachers, Clergymen, Law
yers, and People of all Professions, will
findthe ScIaxrTrFIC AMERICAN useful to
themn. It should have a place in eva.r
Family, Library, Study, office, and Count
ing Room; in every Reading Room.
College, Academy or School.
A year's numbers contain 832 pages and
SEVEIRAL HUNDRED ENGRAVINGS Thou
sands of volumes are perserved for bind
ing and reference. The practical receipta
are well worth ten times the subseription
price. Terms $3 20 a year by tmail, in
eluding postage. Discount to Clubs 8pe
cimens sent free. May be had of all News
Dealers.
PATENTS In connection with
I the SCIENTI FIC
AMERICAN, Messrs. MuNN & Co. are
Solictors of American and Foreign Patents.
and have the largest esthlishment in the
world More than fifty thousand applic,
tions have been made for patents through
their agency.
Patents are obtained on the best terms
Models of New inventions and sketches
examined and advice free. A special
notice is made in the Scientific American
of all Inventions Patented through this
Agency, with the name and resident of
the Patentee. Patents are often sold in
part or whole, to persons attracted to the
invention by snch notice. Send for
Pamphlet, 110 pages, laws and full di
rections for obtaining Patents.
Address for the Paper, or concerning
Patents, Muxx & Co.,.37 Park Row
N. Y. BIrach Ofle, cor. F and 7th 8s.
Washinton, D. C.
Jany 11875.--1y
VIA THE
LONE STAR ROUTE!
INTEafltONAL An GREAT NORTHE~RI
Rlau RoA,.)
Passenletr going to Texas via Memphis arnd
Little Reck, or via8hreveprlt, strike this live
at Longview, ,e Best konat to Palestine'
earne, Waeo, stin. HunatsVille, louston'
Galveston and all points in Western, Central,
Eastern and Southern Texas.
Passengers via New Orleans will flund it the
Best Route to Tyler, Mineola. Dallas, Overton.
Crockett, Logliew sad all points in Eastern
and Northeater Texas.
this line is well ouilt, thoroughly equilpped
with every modern iumprovement, including
New and Elegant Day Coaches, Pullman Pal
ace Sleeping Uars, Westinghouse Air Brakes
Mill!r's Patent Safety Platforms and Coup.
lersa; and nowhere els can the passenger so -
completely depend on a speedy, safe and com
The LONE STAR ROUTE has admirably
answered the qnery: "How to go to Texas."
by the publication of an interesting and truth
fnl document, containing a valuable and cor
rect map, which can be obtained, free of charge.
by addretsiag the GENERAL TIh:KET
AGENT, International ad Great Northern
Railroad, Houston, Team.
Ayer's
Hair Vigor
nor restoring to Gray Hair its
natural Vitality and Color.
A dressing
which is at
once agreea
ble, healthy,
and effectual
for preserv
ing the hair.
It soon re
"' , stores f decd
or grayu hair
to its original
color, with the gless and freshness of
youth. Thin hair is thickened, fall
ing hair checked, and baldness often,
though not always, cured by its
use. Nothing can restore the hair
where the follicles are destroyed, or
the glands atroplded and deeaj"ed;
but such as remain can be saved by
this application, and stimulated into
activity, so that a new growth of
hair is produced. Instead of fouling
the 'air with a pasty sediment,, it
wir seep it clean and vigorous. Its
occasional use will prevent th9 hair
from turning gray or falling off;
and consequently prevent baldness.
The restoration of vitality it gives
to the scalp arrests and prevents
the formation of dandruff, which is
often so uncleanly and offensive.
Free from those deleterious sub
stances which make some irepara
tions dangerous, and injurious to the
hair, the Vigor can only benefit, but
not harm it. If wanted merely for
a HAIR DRESSING, nothing else
can be found so desirable. Contain
ing neither oil nor dye, it does not
soil white cambric, and yet lasts
long on the hair, giving it a rich,
glossy lustre, and a grateful perfume.
Prepared by Dr. J. C. Ayer & Co,,
lBaetieal and Analytical Chemists,
0 LOWELL, MASS.
OLD ST ALL DRUGGISTS EVERYWHEII.
Ayer's Cathartic Pills,
For the relief
and cure of all
derangements in
the stomach, liv.
er, and bowels.
They are a mild
aperient, and an
excellent purga"
tive. Being pure
ly vegetable, they
contain no mer.
1 cury or mineral
whatever. Mlncd
serious sickness and suffering is prevented by
their timely use; and every family should
have them on hand for their protection and
relief, when required. Long experience has
proved them to be the safest, surest, and
best of all the Pills with which the market
abounds. By their occasional use, the blood
is purified, thie corruptions of the system ex
pelled, obstructions removed, and the whole
machinery of life restored to its healthy activ.
Ity. Internal organs which become clogge
and sluggish are cleansed by Ayer' Pill.,
and stimulated into action. Thus incipient
disease is changed into health, the value of
which change, when reckoned on the vast
multitudes who enjoy it, can hardly be com.
.puted. Their sugar.coating mutkes them
pleasant to take, and preserves their virtues
unimpaired for any length of time, so that
they are ever fresh, and perfectly reliable.
Although searching, they are mild, and oper
ate without disturbance to the constitution or
diet or occupation.
Full directions are given on the wrapper to
each box, how to use them as a Family Physie,
and for the following complaints, whiich these
Pills rapidly cure:
For DyPlepsal or Idigestila, ELste
lesummeo, amgur, and Los of A..
: se, thley should be taken moderately to
stimulate the stomach, and restore its healthy
tone and action.
For Liver Complaint and its varionu
symptoms, BIlious Headache, Blek
Hi~eadahe, JMndice or Gree Sick*
mese, Billome Colic and 3111.oe e
vers, they should be judiciously taken for
each cam, to correct the diseased action, or
remove the obstructions which cause it.
For Dysentery or Dlerrham, but one
mild dlose is generally requiredl.
For RLheumatim. i oet, Grnvel,
Palpsaleiom of the iearS, Patm t
the SIde, Back, and Lol.s, they should
be continauously taken, as required, to ch:age
the diseased action of the system. With such
change those comnplaints disappear.
For Dolpsy and Dropsical Awell.
Imag, they shlould be taken mn large and fre.
quent doses to produce the elfect of a drastie
purge.
For Suppreoslomea large dose should be
taken, as it produces the desired elect by
sympathy.
As a Dinner PtI, take one ortwo Plls to
promote digestion, and relieve the stomach.
An occasional dose stimulates the stomach
and bowels, restores the appetite and invigor.
ates the system. Hence it is oAen advanta
geous where no serious derangement exists.
One who feels tolerably well, often finds that
a dose of these Flus makes him feel decid
edly better, from their cleansing and remo
vating selt on the digestive apparatus.
PREPARED BT
,. C. LAYN a CO., Pratlul Cheala.
zOW nEL , MAId., U. 8. A.
sea SAL nUt A DUooIrsTs auvanWasU.
WILLIAMS' MOWER A REAPER
SBIPLE, BIRGE & CO.,
18 South MainStreet, St. Louis,
' learsu state lawbat pperysusatbls
PATII ctBD
Spsoely ani Stee. The Stdmrt
Deate8slxplurl ug TravelIa Bognttna, 1Vis.
lag. Trappliha as g1 ere desezOptlen sea
SEMPLE, BIRGE & CO.,
1s lOuRW aEIz 1 REET, ET. LOols,
'htn plo sebein wbap olpriyieu t
I? Get your printing done at
the VnaC.axIo Job Ofae.
I
SlNEt;A i ' : ,' t .:;[ w;t der'
lni invio ;:nt th!l.t eV r .Sl' s i alC(i
the sin,;ug) rsten.
N . Per. 1i:.l jtil thi'll i*:ese BIit.
terin aecordt'ill' to dirlectih1,. ;uld re
main loo. 'v.weltl. prlo'viled their
h(olies are iot[ destroytved by li, ieral
plis;on01 or other t1 ea.I anti vital or
gnlls s\ t \ ' t yuio"d 'pair.
lilio:is. 1einittent, and In
It'r ili.ttint Fever'S, which are so
Drev:ient ill Ihlie 'valleys of our great
rlier's tilroutghout the U'lnited States,
especiafly those of the lississiplpli,
Ohio, .Mi:;souri, Illinois, Tennesseer,
('.tmberlandll, Arkansas, Red, Colo
rado, ihrazs, 1i,' (.:rande. Pearl,
Alabama, .nMobil.,, Savannah. lo
alwk1e, Jdil',s, iiadl I:;llly others,
with their vast triblutaries, through
out orl" (lentire cotuntry dlurini the
Sulinier ato Alltlltllln. nti rell iarka, -
11 so dhin; selaºsols lof 4 unutsual
lb',lt anti diryiiess. are invariably ac
t'oemlralliel by ixtensive dei'lnge
lnilts of the stt'u;aech and liver, allil
other aitdolminal visceral. Ill their
trea !il:tt: , at i4ur :tti''V , exeCrilig L
IltWe'i'it e ilit l'nce 10o0 tlwst: vari
utl,. cl',.'tlll is ess5elltlly nltele'SS;a'y.
'l'here is no eCthurtl'ic foir tht pllurlm-)e
equial to )u..1. \'.tl.Ki :i's \'1N :;A.lt:
i.rrr:,-!s, a; ther will s1peelilyv Illaive
tht dhllrk-colored 'iis'i 1id n:li her with whiiii
the owels are lol tli'd, at the sllle tilne.
'tin1:iatlati till s~crettiolls of, Nt- live~r.
iiid gelel'aly re.tli'hlg the hieflthy fiune
tioh s of the I!!l11itislt'l; 11r,:anl.
Fortiiy the body n~:iinst dli:;
PIase by purifying all its fluids \villti
i hii:a..I.l luIIhi'rl s. N\o ep leitic call
take hold of a sy .temll thuis fo6r'-ar4ted.
,)rspe lsia or Ildigei st i, lhmea.
ilehe, tPai lln the Shhlm'ers. Cotutghlt.,
Tightness of the Chest. I):hi.es. inr"
l'' tatioh i of the St'iomlalch. ilad 'T'itli
in the Mouth. Bilious Attactks. Pailipi
tion of the Hileart. l itlhl4ii lltion of the
hlng,<, Pain ini the regiioni of the I' ilne'..
;aid a hllirh'ed otther paillul ,1)':,l4ntin s.
lare t lt' 4tlpringsof i)y<t p p l ht. (Pite hot
lie will irlirve .1 h1 l bett r' Lu a"tf e ll its
Illelits tilhalil a hiilhy :ulvttr'ism' lellt.
Se'roflha, or liinlg's !vi White
Swe'lling<, L'lers, Il~ysi :pei. Sw:lhed
Neck. thlitri. Scr4* ,l41!,, lul!alnuil:hti n .
Indolent inlainuiiitioni,. Mercurial alket'
liols, Ohl Sur'e.,, Elliptions f tf lhe Skin.
;ore lEyes, 1 e I n° I the ltis. tU iU all othlr
conistittion!:l isei stI.,. 11.1 in ;i a 1.1
0.:L I ihTrrns hae shVowiN their xre:lt cur
ative powers in the imiost ohhut1iaLe anti.
ttlractahle caites.
For Inllsniui:ilorv lnt ilTiro:liC
ilhillilitiSill, Gout, I ilious. Rtlit
illt anid Interlmittelilt Fevers, i)sel:-,
of the Blood, Liver, Kitiey's antliiladller.
these Ilitters hiave io eiqula. Siillh li:
ea.ses i're eaustedi by Vitiated IlMood.
Mtch:illhuicl ;iseas',.- Persn.ns
elngaged in Painits and Minerall'ls. SIch ;I
1l1umlbers Ty''pe-setters, Gold. heaters nid
Miners, ts 1d1e aItti ll i in litie. arte i!l
eet to lpiiralyYis tt thile lihwels. T'4 g ltt,
Igliihst this, take a hlo<e of W.LtinS
" INEoAR lirrllls ecai'ionlia.
For Skiu Diseases, Eruptions,
'tttter, Salt-lthetini, liotches.iSpo.ts.t . i'u:,
ples, Pusttile,, lhills, Cal'bunci~es, linea
wovlrmus, Sealdh-ieadl, Sore lEye,,. lErysitp,
ii... Itch, Scurds l)iscttloratilnl 44l tim,
'kihi, hiumnitrt aind lDiseaies of the Sihin o
Ithatever name (i atulrf. tre lietlirail
:tug up1 atid carriet out of tile 5steii i4."
.h4irt time by tile uie of thse Ilitliers.
Pil, Tape, and othltr Wol'ti,,
•irkhig ill the systenll tf 144 ilimIlVy th4'Iz
21!ids, i1rc effect1ially destr'ii'tsle alid re
ilove., Nol systemi of liiidic~iie, Iio \'er
nifiltges, no anthehigilnities will freel tle
v3'otei fron rtllwornimsike thei.e iittetl'..
1[orFelinaletOiliplailt in ,myooe
,r old(4n married or uingle, itt the dawli t,
• t1i1imauihood14, orlthe turii o4 li'i,. these Toil
i litters diplzhy 44 teciteted tnil influncl,
Ji:tt ilnprolvemlelt is soon )per4,1ep tible.
Cleanse the ¥itiated Blood
whenIever yu find its impliurities burstilg
through thie skin in Pimples, ErupltionS,
or Sores; cleanse it when you lind it ob
structed and sluggish in tile veins; eleause
it when it is foul; your feelings will tell
vou when. Keep the blood puire, and the
health of the si-stem will lillhw.
R. II. IrlxlDn~h also atlco,
Drugglts & Glen. AgIs.. San Fr4mnciseo. Ciuifor
1ia, & car.of WaVhin4gton and Chdrlohl $ts..N.Y
Sold by all Uruggists aind IihIeler
Dr. J. Walker's Calirornla
Viniegar Bitters are a purely Veg
atabile preparation, made chiefly from
the native herbs found on the lower
ranges of the Sierra Nevada moutn
tains of California, the medicinal
properties of which are extracted
therefrom without the use of Alcohol.
The question is almost daily asked,
" What is the cause of the unpar
alilled success of ,VIEGAR IIT
rERis " Our answer i., that thiey
remove the cause of disease, aiid
tile patient recovers his health. They
are the great blood purifier and a
life-giving principle, a pertect Rieno
vator and Invigorator of the system.
Never bheu're in the hiistorv of the world
has a medicine been comltipoulded pos.
sessinlg the remarkable qualities of Vi.x
Ko.II BITTEns in healing the sick of
every diseae man is heir to. They are
a gentle Purgative as well as a Tonic,
relieving Congestion or Inflanmation of
tile Liver and Visceral Organs, in Bilious
Diseases.
The properties of Dn. WALK
Ita's VIEsAR IlilTTlus are Aperient. i)ia
pho reti'. Carminative, Kntritious, Laxa
tive. l)iuretic, Sedative. Counter-Irritant,
Sutorific, Alterative, and Anti-Bilious.
Wa5to..- We will give
energetic men an women
Business that will Pay
from $t4 i $8 per day, can be procured
in your own neighborhood, and is strict
ly honorable. Particailarsjree, or sailiples
worth several dollars that will enable
you togo to work at oence, will be sent
on receipt of fifty cents.
Address J. LATIIAM & CO..
292 Washington St., Boston, Mass.
JOB OFFICE.
ALL KINDS OF
JOB PRINTING
EXECUTED WITH
Neatness and Dispatch.
POSTERS,
HAND BILLS,
CIRCULARS,
WEDDING and BALL TICKETS,
CARDS
-AND
BLANKS
Of Every Description
•Printed at Reasonable Rates.
!T Persons desirous of having Jo-
PRITrING done neatly, expeditiously and
cheap are invited to call at the olloeof
nt -YwasGATS
1POSIIVELY NO CIOMOS.
bhe DAW3VUT News.
FOR 1874.
Costaining every week FORTY COL
UMN8S of choice reading mnat
ter, printed oa elear, haud
some type, and fine
whi:e paper
Tlh NEWS is edited by the Danbu
ry News Man ; is contributed to by
George Alfred Townsend, the chief of
Newqspaper Correspondents, and ether
excellent writers, who will furnish fresh
correspondence from the leading cities,
and contribute to the editorial columns.
The NEWS has its own Scientific,
Fashion, ChIiss and Puzzle editors?; pub
lishes the best origrinal matter, the best
miscellany, and tie freshest and best
miscellany, and the freshest and best
stories. In all its departments it is
edited with scrupulous care, and, is, in
consequence one of the best Family
Journals published. Sample Copies free
-send for one.
TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION::
One Year ................... ...... $2.00
6pecial rates;e: Postmasters and clubs.
BAILEY & DONOVAN,
Danbury, Conn.
Harper's Periodicals.
HARPER'S MAGAZINE.
There Is no monthly Magazine an in
telligent reading family can less afford to
be without. Many Magazines are ac
cumulated. Harper's is edited. There
is not a Magazine that is printed which
shows more intelligent pains expanded
on its articles and mechanical execution.
There is not a cheaper Magazine pub
lished. There is not, confessedly, a
more popular Magazine in the world
[New England Homestead.
A repository of biography and history,
literature science and art, unequaled by
any other American publicatiou.-[New
York Standard.
The most popular, and, in its scheme,
the most original of our Magaziues.
[lation.
HARPER'S WEEKLY,
A Journal of Civilivation.
The best publication of it class in
America, and so far aheads of all other
weekly journals as not to admit of any
comparison between it and any of their
number. Its columns contain the finest
collections of reading matter that are
printed. " " * Its illustrations are
uumerous and beautiful, being furnished
by the chief artists of the country.-[Bos
ton Traveler.
Ilarper'e Weekly deserves its'priiuacy
in this class of-publications, alike for the
value of its reading matter and the ex
cellence of its illastr.ations. The edito
rials on puillic 'aflirs are models of dis
enssion, weighty and teml.er;ate, support
ing high principles in an elevated tone
and a chastenedt literary styl e.-LExamni
oer and Chronicle..
HARPER'S BAZAR,
A qepository of Fashion, Pleasure
nsad Instruction.
It is reially the only illus trat.
chronicler of fashion in the eo ulnt,
Its supplememnts alone are wloth the sulb
scription price of the leaper. Whilh
fully main aining its position as a mir
ror of fashllion, it also colntains stories,
poems, brilli:ant essays, Ibesides general
and personal gossip. [Boston Saturday
Evening Gazette.
There never was any paper publlished
that so delighted tihe heart of woman.
Never mind if it does cost you a new
bonnet; it will save you ten timles the
price inll the houtehold economy it teach
ee.-[Providence JourLal.
TERMS:
For Harper'~4Magazine, Weekly and
Bazar.
arper's Magazine,'one year $4 O~b
Harper'sjWeekly, one year 4 00
Harper's Bazar, on year 4 00
Harper's Magazine, Harper's Weekly
sad Harper's Bazar, for one year,
$10; or any two for $7.
An extra copy of either the Magazine,
Weekly or Bazar will be sipplied gratis
for every club of five subscribers at $4
each, in one remittance; or six copies
for $20, without extra copy.
The postage within the United States
Is for the Magazine, 24 cents a year; for
the Weekly or Bazar, 20 cents a year,
payable yearly, semi-yearly, orquarterly,
at the office where received.
In remitting by mail, a postofiee or
der or draft, payable to the order of
Harper & Brothers, is preferable to bank
notes, since, should the ordnler of draft be
lost it can be renewed without leoss to
the sender.
Addres HARPER &. BROTHERS,
New York.
The Largest and Best and Cheapest
Paper in the World is the
TOLSDO BLAD
NASHBY'S PAPER.
(Fifty-six Wide Columns 8 pages.)
For $1.50 per year, in Clubs!
With Books almost given away!
, specimen copies sent free to any
addrelss. Send for a specimen and exanm
ine it.
I-' Nanby writes his Political Letters
eiclusively Ifr the Blade. Address
LOCKE & JONES.
Teledo, Ohio.
WHy YOU SHIOULD TAKE
THE CINCINNATI ENQUIRE'
It is thbo Peopl:'s paper, 'ievo.,l
their interests and welfare.
It is an impartial friend to :ll ;l,..: t ,
measures that benefit the c'ountry.
It is the enemy of all men anu, .."
ures that seek only personal gain at,
expense of the country's wetlt·i,,.
Its editorial colnmns are ftr t .
cial purpose of exposing the fr. :,,.'1
government officials. and htava ",
in languagecalculated to dea, i; tl:,. ue ,
derstanding, and jtmake plain t, i: ý"n ,
ers the motives, causes and! ,-' a
general and special legislative rts.
Its news columns cont:in tte ia
newvs and intelligence that c:n ,e )11:.
ed from the four quartr 'ers 41 t!,1 o
lby means of the telegraph, i:iils
correspondence.
Its agricultural columns are th!
adapted to the wants of fr:I',r....
whom are invited to give th:ij 'I
ence and results of new ilPeas :a :
periments of all kinds of iczlpr,\,v,.. .
calculated to advance the fanrinau
terests.
One issnue of the Enquirer rcu'ta
more solid information and intceli;,.
than can be had from fifty of the so, ,
ed hliterary papers. None i'n lay as
the Enquirer without adimitti in,
able pIddition to his or her stock ofe kn
edge
It market reports have for yea;r li,
acknowledged as the most coMletph.r,
reliable published, and of great va:tlh
Stock Dealers, Producers and Troa
men kenerally.
It has departments and Jeading fortl
old and the young. For the faniily .
cle and the counting house-For the bi,
chant and mechanic-For the fiuer ai
stock dealer, and for ladies andl gent!. L
men of every calling and statioa in lif
Its terms are low as any first class r.
per can he printed for, anJ the qialll.
and quantity of reading matter uved no
excelled by any other paper.
Try it for this year. A Chrono f
every $2.00 Subscriber. Send yo ur s
scriptiou direct to the office.
R. R. R.
RADWAY'S READY RELIEF
nURS Tro woes"r AIIs
n from One to Twenty Mlnutes,
MOT ONE NOUR
* aWsureimgsaswui...mua erag4am
UFrPIr WITR PAIN.
BADWATS R11ADTL IIJhS Ii A CUIR /p
START PAIN.
I witLheb tasl
T'e Only Pami Reonodr
Ext lraTIxoBa-orr4 wattl, lses
iesp i o .sbu rs. ..
Be nreI. s opr niad wlr d niumarr,
IPIIAMMATION OI TELW ID I
Od TEIOAT DIPVICULT
lsBuC/ Clout. Vt it mO »1
NIADACEE, tooaT NaW.
NSUUAMIA14. iARAnU mA
cOLD CEILa, A NUU CaIUI.
Theapp m esneis Reey als-etaput
smwId" orimera d s am mwolkdr
DTHKTE IS T OLICWIIO00 0I0I 0
andrll 'TSIhkAL PAl . m
wansers e. wst m aeylb ohl ts
ayd Aes . s et aeR r e I. I
hsl.Ylw, sadild
LISP. PI m e,a tll.
HEALTH! BEAUTY!!
rIfOnGND Putt 3 3ro wU SDe, clN.
5m5a us!WLomtlazu ll mil
DR. RADWAY'S
THE OREAT Ll ePeitlpiEtE
m U I alo . rurA Allr tI
ayullai ht ig.s
e lelld, l rmt)wot.
Aler .,l so wheaeae e sma ,
emm L, ee m Ualleas.U olm1
wmer 1al. e)ID s¥ mmii. r
aur tsalWe mbl geuSm elDiabea,
AmD"r o Al) TrmUK" r.
C1prd 6 Z O.dues's RewlV
LJ'er, Bowels, ziraeys. Biadse. Jeriman DisU.t
lisebls. Coauitp.Uou.4asirenms IndiW.uesino
Visears. Wusareaeredoobamtspo estees.
Ismfram tbe sbevenarndeamere'r. Prac,5
per lbo. SOlD) II? DfLUoGIIRT5
RHAD " FATiE All) TRIT3' Sed em
I Spl t ~R ADWATA co N No.WrF 5IOt