_______----- -~ -- -.'~LI~''~~~` -r' ."~CL=~··;SUN'-'~r'i·~; I;~j..iLsi~!~
Tl s, 2 ?Per Annum. TiE WELFARE OF TIl P.E P II Ts ,il; SUP1RELMI; L\AW.
VOLm IT. . x HTCIITOCIIES. I )OII, (L)A OCTOBER 14. 187G.N
Mlll'.LiANDIL.S.ftlR1S
Alvandllrii a to N atchitoc!Iei.
.1 rri rlls. ep rt r,·en.
'Iii' -! ~ 4 P. Ill TI'ltruda 9 a. nt.
1 'ritlyt I p. in. saliiilay ; l . in.
undayI p. il. Mtnav 9 a. in.
NatcltlittcllhS to Slrevecport.
T ic4(tln 9 a. In. rtnit sdc 9 a. In
'IIn-lvt 9 a. iii. 1'I'n~sliMLi a. Ill -
Sa.d Iii.. ý ; a. I. Saturdilay 9 a. in
Natcb itochle to Tax'rnas.
T i s ay G p. Il. M1 ondav 7 a. in.
Saturday ; p. in. T'hursday 7 a. in
Na~tchi toclies to MIiIdcn.
;p. in WIsnla v 7 a. in
ijI: ý; l. in. Satuiiay 7 a. in.
Natchitoclles to Ti aieliui.
Tnctllnv 12111. Tnet'sday 1 p. in.
k'riia) 1, in, Fida Ip. in.
All.. MAIL~S r.(N1.1 ET 8 A. M.
Oflii'e lrnrs-- fi~nl 7 A. M. to 12 X.
(1 frum '2. 1' \ to 1 1' NI.
Pust. Master.
Professional Cards,
IT. II. JAI'K. D. PI}rFSON
Jacl. cit 'lMorsc n..
dIttforIºcys andl( C'olii'sf l'ºpg at Late
N A''c I I IrOLHES, LA.
aidl titnii. an'! in Ii"' S'lpt'"u rl; tirt uf" the
etas,.·~ ('.111+ p(rntuIIitl tt itittl edr to.
.March .J-1V.
1f. . \f~lt;1: C. . I'lId~i(N'E uE`.
MORSE & DRANGUET,
Al ttorrae'ys at Law.
Otfileoji Secltnl St reitt,
Marchit 53 Ncttcitooihes, La.
M. J Uuunigihan. T. P.:haplin.
Cunningham, Chaplin &
Ct1i anighlain.
Atiorntcys atnd C(ut1i.wclorv at Late.
St. IDellis 8t., Natchitoches, La.
in the coturt, ot Rip
F ir .9 ("irant. 1 Slit., IS itot,
edI~Itr a ii X;tthitluhrg, and thr
l t~i~4 pit 1ut~tly itte uh*1"" to iii anyt
(Art of the lUni. . a Slur 25-Is
Bunsidies Cards.
C. A. fLLAlTI)" N. H. ('AMI'BELL
Millard C m& C pbell,
-uEA.IER' IN
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
ITARIWVARE,
And.l IGeneral Merchandise.
Cornecr FI:oNT . Lr.ivE*rri Street,
\alelrchh ens. , La.
II(HiT E T ca-h price pidt for eottin and
n ntri produice in eaih or mucrhbandiste
Murch .5 -lby.
TWillis 3EIIClmes,
Fr)NT STruEE.T,
Nýtcehitoc~c heý, LA).
-I)EALElt IX
DRY GOODS, Groceries,
Hardware,
Crockery,
Hate,
Caps,
Bootý,
Shoes and Notions.
Special induetnwmnts offered to Cash
u rchlrsers. Cotton anit conntry pro
uce, Ib ti at highest Cash rates.
March 25-ly.
John O0. Trichol
(ialinsley's Brick IBuilding,)
VWashingtoni Street, Natchitoches, La.
Wholesale and Retail Dealer in
Dry Goods, Groceries,
UA Es,
CAPS,
BOOm,
SHOES,
And Genoral MERCTANDISE
17 Itighlest price paid feu- Cotton and
stuer Country produce, in g'ash or Mer
bllanduse.
March '5'ly,
'Theo. Sohuman,
-D)EALEI IN
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES, and
GENERAL MERCHAN DISE
Cor. FRONT and ST. DENIS Streets
Match 25-ly. Nuatchiteches, La.
Peter TVeuleman,
--DEALER IN
FA'JIL JY GqROCERIES
A full aisortenteiu of WALI-PAPHR Con
stantly oni hand.
Special inducements to C.As Customers.
WASHINGTON STREET,
March 1 natcitoches, La.
25 c ?-l y.
0. Shaifrath,
Boot and Shoe Maker.
CHALLENGES the world for neatness
land ldurability of work. Satisfaction
l tit and material guaranteed
Shop oi St. Denis S.
JI .e90-1
J. G01TE c- CO.,
- Dealer ini
DRY (1001)8,
Gl(OCEgIIES,
IIAIU)DVARE,, and
C1NEFR AL MECH(IANDISE.
WASJz1(;1' )N STREET.
Natchitochel, La.
Marth 25-ly.
I-Iarris Jaffa,
F irot Slreet, Naitch litochies, La.
--ilrIn
DRY GOOD~S, GROJCER{IES,
AND GENE:RAL .IERtIIANDISE.
t~-g Special iudnceuitet otitred to (Cah ('ns
t *ucrs. Marc 5-ty.
It. E. flUItI3,
-th tier itt
G~LOCERIES
FRO NT Sl'1~J:E'r, Nolchlocht8, La.
Caspai'i & Dietrich,
ILa,'oqto Buthldtng)
FROMT St., NA'I'CIIITOCIIES, Lu.
G RAND op~ning of it NEWV MAMMOTH
SPRING and SUMM ER STOCK,
Iir,'t from the New Jl Trans and EacRtir ner.
kits, rcoaniating inr!part of
DRY GOOD)S,
CLO'ITII IN ,
BOOTS,
'ton1's,
SHOEq,
GRO)CERIFS,
CROCKERY,
IIARD
W'.A1E, &c, &c.
LAI)IES AND) (ENTS'
FURNISHING GOODS.
III fact,
A fulfl Ilint ofOO0OD1 for the counretry trado
All of wchic hi tlivae- iFrlhiug at lens taen NEW~
o:I.EAN.' PIth E.4
FOR ('A1Sh.
Call and examine the isvroet and mast coin
Ipe I ~trick c e', bieijht to, this marke~t, te,
eat;,fv vicereel vet ac to tle.ir } iii ·t.
: Iir Ilides price paid fo ti ' tfr u an i suun
try procdluce. in each or zner& handino
Meirete 23--ly.
J.A.S. T. 1IIT-r,
WATCHMAKER
-AND)
~1 Jeweler.
3 Shop on qt. [)1N1 S0tree t
, 6 (Be1tween 2d uand 3rd.)
Watclhes, Clocks, and Jewelry repaired
at Short notieo, and in a workmanlike
nialiner.
Solicits a Rhare of patronago and guar
ant(ees satjsfactiou.
Dec 4.-ly.
HARRY PERCY
PARISH SURVEYOR
-AND-
Gneral Land Agent.
l n TILL attend to all surveys in Natchi
tlih. s parish, alTu attenl to the en
tries of land at. Natehitoehea, New Or
leans and Washington, 1). C.
IrEEris WITH PEICMIS$SON TO
Icon. Win. M. Levy, Xatehitoeces, La.
Jack & P'ierson, Attorneys at law.
L. lnpleix, Register of the Land Otlice.
A. E. Leinee, ReceiveroftLhe Land Otlice
Hlon. Judge C. Chaplin,
C. L. Walmnsley & Co., New Orleans.
All husiness intrusted to me will he
pronmptly attended to.
Oflice: at thle LAND OFFICE,
NATCUITOClnES, La.
4<
Tg-4-~
Theo. IE~allr.
Coper, Tin and Sheet-iron worker,
-DEALER IN
Stores, Tinware and House Furnishing
GOODS,
Washington St.,........Katchitothes, La
Sole agent for the Unrivalled
BUCKS BRILLIANT
Coo.ing Stoves.
Gutters, Pipes, Mletalic rooting and all
kinds of repairing, done with dispatch.
A liberal discount to country trade.
March 25-ly.
I cycar G12c~piI1s
(OTTON TI't( OIL
COMMISSION MERC .ANT,
No. 65 LAW1( N1 EL'E' S'1'
.Juiy I -ly Newv ( )vl n-'.
C. 1. WA LM:1SLEY & CO,
COTTON I'U( TORS
OENER.IL CO)MMISSION NiERCII.NTS.
P'erlido St., Newv Orleiifl, La.
MITart-i "5 1v
PII(RENIX SALOON,
Qt. Dcui; Stree~t, Natc.titcilibs, La.
1'31. IPAlt, IC ProprietOr.
(1 1)(1 ýicLCt ~ ii(i'r
*********
tl
l ? 'p"1ý it
I)
1(1
(1
tl
Cl
a
COTTON GIN
at
TO $4 50 FER SAW.
a l;
- I11
DANIEL PR1ATT'S IEPCP&VED ~
"Revolving hea CIn
I 'T'
s ci
- - 10Jý ClI- ,
COTO 1i i
P-' FSNTlyJII in:I 1fo tepat i i
lIJCIE RI:DUL'EI)
.11
TO $4 50O PER SAW.
ti
'V
in:
'10
rT'HIS ( IN has been in nu.e for t1 e past M1
1 tlhree siason., a, d sever;al recent in - li,
prvn",V"1en1t. hav\e been added . It obvi- it
ates ill friction at tlhe ends of the cotton of
Iox, pz'rventts th1 roll fromi lh akiunz,. an( n,
vi\vs a LAN GEl:r YIELD O1' I f-NT fi at
Ctu same nil,'nnt of Seed than any outl er
G(in in use. The 'liivclinug head light
ens thu dIraft aril causes the (Vit to runi
faster with less dlriving power, thuns do
illg a great deal more work within th hi
: tie tuitu, while econoiiting steaim or d
animal poiwer. than any other (;in. The sl
s5id brimin ginetid vIty close, tile (eigth t1i
Sof t he stale is iincrtsid, lanrducing ot iIi
ton oti this aiiount of grin htr market *tj
value. This improved value, givenm
lengthIi of staple, with extra product Ion
of lint. a:dried to incriase i atioinit of I
wnork ldone, mlol than envers the cost
of the iiu in every IOU hales ginned. P1
'Test i noniais dent t by mtail on application.
JOS3. B. WOLFE & CO.,
GENEIRAL AGENTS,
5J........CAtuosnl.ELT ST........59 J
NEW ORLEANS, LA.
a1
C. L. WVALMASLEY, Agent, ti
Aung'ust 12 .1 T(HITOCJES, L.1.
t1
HENRY GE'NIUS, L
Worker in Tin, Copper and
SIHEET IRON. A
tl
Corner FRONT & TRUI)EA \ STS., P
NATCHITOCJJES, LA. C
H
Itl
c~tl
n
l1Ii
I4 1~
-lii
II'
Also, constantly on hand all kinds of 8,
HEATING AND COOKING STOVES o
of the most inproved patterns. g
All my stoves sold at city price and 'ij
gaarantced to be as represented. Lib- p
eral advantages offered to the trade. Ai
Also, a fine stock of Tinware, Metallic p
Rooting, &c.
Gutters and pipes promptly and care
fully repaired.
HENRY GENIUS, p
Corner Front and Trndeat, Sts., .1
*athlitoches, La. I
Jlar~ch BS 1876.--lrr. 'C
The Income Tax Siandcr on t,
Gov. Tildon. iyt
N. Y. \orld.
The camnpaign of calumny seitt f oot :u
he the TI'NM is ulier the (iriie'tioii of is
ºtecuc" I "lisy ;oil by order of ('bans St
lr, tilitiri l N ofdiof the Repulican af
parts of reform. i+ a II int, of ourIe
{a crinlu atgainst Society, dec,-;^y and T
the laws. Lut it i+ worste than" a l
crime : it is a blnder. To the whole r
imliictmlent of the Rtepnblit b party ?of
iy the cormnon senwu of the iountrv, as
the so!e a;ns'cer imale by tle tor; Insle
of the Adrin'istriation has lcno the ac
chargi e t''l;nt ttov. Tihlden ('i ourtieo p
ears ci go hnm inIgl, 'iwtillfully aiind to
wickedly emuninittedl pherjury in ma~
king his return under the income tax.
The heipubhli'arn orgains have not at
teumpt edi to deny that the ulminiistra
tion ofl the ailirs iof this country lh
i or pIat doring all tiie fout teeit
years has s in natinal di
gr';lte and inldiwiduial ruin without a (it
lraitllel in our history. T'heiy have th
not attempteid to deuy t!hat the'1th- ih
lie service under their sway has he- 11
tine hopilessly crrniept tand demor- ti
alized. The: have not attempted to li'
dily tI1 it is im possible for them to in
shake their party freet of (.;rant anil
(antistii of the (:haiherliint , tihe O
'aikarris, the Spenceis and the Pat. V
teisons in the South: of thi Blin la
Butlers, tihl L1attin and the Moirt ns
int the North. '1 hey have not attenip
ted to deily thIt uider their control 11i
taxis have intcreased and inil ieiit'm e
shrunk all over tll-ver e country until the
burden 'of .uilp orting a wastetful ov
ertiineint is dr ivin ; the capitalist onut i
of all his etiirtiti SieS, and reducin' Iigf'
the laborcr to despair. They have N
had only one thIitng to plead against tit
the popular demiaudm for a complete te
change in every department of the
administraiit tion, and totr a; ciomplete
new departuire in the hueth ods andl (
the spirit of the publie sertvice: the
nmillennial lie that Gov. 'Tilden coin
rittcd pielury fourteen years igio
and sv indled the Treasury of his .'oS
coUutt I 11)00 the iCstiibil islumiit(t t o(it 5'
this ato st outrns chargei brought in the i '
cri is otf a great political contet I
a'ainst a citiznll who fori thiree'Soi'e at1
Syeais had lived in honor and in good on
repute in the ointnercial titropoilis is
of this countity, honored and applaudl- d
ed by the anthris tlhemSelves of this th
inie rable slander, they have deliIer-i i
atly stakc d their political hopes, to thi
win or loste tlhei all. This is a scan- Itt
dalons noa wi'cked thing for the or-1 al
.ans of a great party to have dojie. e1
It is also a silly andl stupid tiiig to tli
have idore. Tot abuse the pla intillts lii
attormi'y uniy be a clever iLviee. ini a
portifoggi g cast' betore a petty court. t
It is a sen slss aril sitiidal device ii
where the case in Ivolvei s the wellfare
of a nation, ndto the tribunal is theii ' P
Consie enc icand thei ciont minon senseti of el
forty iiillioii of people. hi
At the u' gent request of the Chair- Sti
mran of the !i'eiocratic' National (ornll - I O
nittte,c Mri. Hewitt, a fill and ela- fo
ht a:e account of the fact, in reli- ip
tion to this mo ousttouts slanuder has toi
been lre'pa:enid by Judge Siotiiott, who li
in I s twas thle totitidential clerk of iz1
r. Tildlen, and this account we publi as
lis to-day. rlt. llewitt has prefaced it
it with a clear and concise statement bt
of the iat uire atind origin of t he calin- I
iiitny, and itli a sunnitary ciuialtly clear et
and concise ofti the plaini tale of truth ipt
which Ur. ýinnott has bt'ern asked liv il
limi i to tell and has toll, ablioit it. I
te leave these documents to speak all
for themsel ev's, iiot even plantsin to- fo
tlty to tnticlutenit poii thle i iiltceiit
share t akt'n lib ltie Governm tent of Oh
the United States in bolsteting un ti
this refuge of lies which titull's now 11
abtitt the ears of' its hui blers, by thi
sncd iiing tini pa ;ie rs froiii t te pubi tildc I)
arh il veCS at \'\ashi t ti itoiti) be mu seil I
ii gili hg clor to partisan talschooils to
published in a part is iuewspiiaper. i
The Greatest of Speeches.
We received firon Albany lost tuighit
a remuarkabl e polit1ical sieceli, whIih Tit
hoC. Tildeix hoof a liotd iii get tinig up, 8
and w hich Lucius Roiiuson hid a ci
Ii oger in. It is a short speech, tint at
thete is ot. a voter ortar tax e iii ie di
State of New York lvho lvill dcuin
thlait it is a pweiful tine. 'T[le Ie -
publicans will join hands wvitli die to
IDemoci :ts ill i'(jiiciiig ovei' it. It is li
favorable to the colored ieupl', to r
the aioptet citizens, and to native .i
Amuericans. It will giatity at ones Ii
the businiess people and thce wor'king to
people. It vill hid ice a feeling of
satistactioti froiii Queens counts' tio ir
Cliii ton, and fromi Chia itit untal to Ii
Rensselaer. Every body will see that Iii
there is piorit in it, a til that it is of I
the most jiractical kind. It con ttin is
no assault upon any opponiit, and ti
can not i tscl t be suecessf'nlI ' assaulhtetl. t 1
T1his political runaiiit'sto of Tiil ien and Ct
Rtbiiison is one IVhiieh, we ar ihliippy iii
to soy, does hot iiet'( uh niiei mu ient ittI
or explaiiatioii fi oni us. In thuis ri s- 1
piect, it is an exception to most j'tt- Ci
lie documents-! einoci atie CS will 35 iii
lRepublican. The best ot' thitse often ii
have parts that are illogical, or unni
sound, or ehuuisy, or con fused, or in hn
stiie other wily uiisatisfactoi'y. But
liiis one is pet fectly logical, aint as ii
nleat as a tilm, anld (I00 her is0 iio a vst
woi d in it. While the etatcsniar ciii
lptonder ovei' it $oi' ii tlik, the ci hid Ii
ciii cinmprehend it at a glare. 1t
Let us now get into this political nii
speech, wlhich we hiave thus rcferred 'F
Ito, lest einhe of' our readers should bi
overlook the few' lines of small tele- I
graphic tyhie in which all of it is coin- ti
prhsed. We believe, after studying iO
'it, that we had better repeat in this a
phoce the whole of it, as it come from tl
Albany over the wires, and in these L
plain words:
"Albany, Sept. 27.-Comnptriiller
Robinson is pieparing to send out ii
the usual notices to conuties, of the it
portion of State tund school tax re q
quim ed of them for 1877, tinder the tI
3 11 24th mills levy of the last Leg
Ishatuore. Thu total of taxes thus tI
called for ia officially stated at 8,32),. q
1;1 '1.:W an a(h tiEd ltt rit "Join ia~t
year (tf ?5 ,1;77, 5K¶..''.' (Co
This is the lat st po1litic al s'ec'lh t'
in wiih (G . 'i'illin ladc ha p s.l ti
lie
m ciid LIiitil RltobittPnPo a teinger. This ti
i the experie n:cn of the people!l of the' h
State nett~r the' clittini'tration of its
affairs by lot. Tilen. the
ittt theen- ac, ay-M1r. Samuel J. 1
'lileln it i not a real ireforlner. anl
luicinus Rblleiiion ii nott a real ttormt- 2
of Net Fork. after listenin g to the
assatits Hn!t detractions of ftov. Til- t
den's tumting advtet.acriens, look at th ti
actual work he iets Ihus done, and thli (i
1
pioitive reMI lts of it, and thlu juige ;Il
for themselvt's.-N. Y. Suin.
- ***4~CC--- wh~l
"ilt
The Campaign. for
it I
THE SITtTATION Mi'c'it I1'ROVED. o
Ili(
Iric
The past week hs shown a deci- not
iedi1 ttnproevemenit ii the lprospects of i'"
the J)t'titeratic party in Lotieia ura. the
[hie (week has een poeitiely n- i u n
usually uiqet. the Ieen cerats have eli
not yet began their cantsis. Not. ett
l ii
w ithstandlli g' this, and ast ith tatnd. hat
ing tli gar that the l:a'iic"1 iiave 11- too
reiidy three l (a'( iltgtnini: l urties ini lip
the lield ai itrte' lineri:ely diý.tciutittog,
I
whi sky, tti ielllonenrya cate counit on c(Ia
large ;.ills over the' entice State (il- ieis
inItg this ;tti i;dil of tieit. 'oi
'FThe ' h l: has been wiihout any the
even llnecording to the Ileplicat, "I
Itoh ttWii ciisttlt~ceroices tefn~ srany~ · hiie
and has thlerel'e', deltu'oitatei the i
:'it that i't 1 l' itnS arl e fhaiclt t'l' . to i
i'se1t1 A lltC)''e without a:Cl ascsi taiitr' e (
ifrot tlihe hovetrn entt. eit ler State or all
National. It has ik iwVis i iecti shown falt
that li tiliial speake ts c Ian, in 4Y tiet
part of thet Country, -iay :iuythli~g
'lie i t'si maY: tthe moi it iiliet'udjitas' th ic
and bloody speeches tt itholtt allS rli
cdangeri, harm or ill treat meeit 111 con- l1'(
i oltence--ai l that these M'etVcIes d o coel
tlc
inot wiln th rt a ennvetlt. Sitd
in the cenitral paris he of Neorth i k
Loniciana. Ilienvihle,, lcjictln, aeck- the
son, Unionc and CIaiorne, the lRel-1 tiI
ical party has l eee oltihptetely routed 5v*
anid (est.oy ed die ing the past week, tlh
andt will leprolally lnot even hlave
candidates in the field. These par- W
ishes shot`,tet1 sietelt' timte ago a te n. eel
eet'ey to cast off theie Radical party. ºI 1c
tli
the t Radical vcte Ihas igrown smaller lie
ande semaller each year. In 197'l uil iP
these parishes were ecried by uis by st
the handsome rote of 4737 to 1710, Ccii
aIltthough the two races are ilmcteost It
equttl in nutlher, and in Claihorn e 1 me
the negroes have a large majority in of
pIoplatiof. This year the Radical eOtl
ltete ticket Aill not eolI 35t(1 iotes in me
thle esix parishes. 'iThe hegoriw eel
have altogether deserted them. In tia
caihorce aloen' 71)4 ofC thetia partici- se
patelc in l tlhe llemocratic primtary an,
e'leetion. llhe Riadical leaders also Se
bolted Patkacud. The two Radical
Senaitors froni t these pt slihes', aItnd
e'ceri eee of the Radical cacc icates fro
for the Legislature at the last el c. his
tion, hnt (one, haec corie it sitrongly cut
fot Nicholls and Wiltz. '['he lieput - tlt
licean part has leen tatulill disorgan- titi
ized, and the foreer leaders will trun the
as "Indepehtdeelt" cancidel tes, seep-. tet
portintg thte State L)emntcrttic ticket, s('
but nct the national ticeLt. it i
in ('arroll andI Madlistoni also, iand it
eveni in (etacheita, quite ac nuitller ofe fne
ia'cckcit ci, tutu whlii lc tltrefutel to esc' t bee
steupcie t Tl'clelen, will spoeck eued vote The
feteo N icfleels cd Wiltz tehe
ali Meoree se pctish the I r. p:'ts N.
are mm-e t hate flettel itg. Thee ugh t is
vieltictly lVol. IEv'ery leaeiiig ltcd- I
icih ice tlet pariisht hces either jeicict tcet
let lheeDteoraicy, iORi, Iik e N. 'fi,. C.i ess
iUene, as cc eteitiher cef thle St. Chalea cs its
'I'leccutre Cut Iveit tioti and IDisti ict At- "It
torni sl coe tic ocet enliecl eiv in a card ie
ed etl etire tilt egetlier fiote plieit ics
reue Ilacic liplitiCs--es tie dirty. onl
Tflee lctstrcp iRejetebliccan gives uc p the ned
fight, ceeln
The feelinet of dissatisfelation pee- Nce
valerit in the nciighteccilg liarisles lecc
t re-td cycle to Otecchei t. It is t here I
e vileeceel ini thle cicclcirct jion c lecce- he
els likhe J tieges Bakctrcitd lccy nc-pi -eout
eiciting liii '-tile ticket. 'Flee t rece ble w i
ite Ilect pmcith, thict ceni t and teeliisi lg Wvi
eef tie neegreeei, 'o coetel .' e vly1 poete s'-t ibI
to be I le l1'itk of thee seeccller Rai- itt
i~els ssill nee itdens it -c't setietusly Ic-s
:ripliiig anti iieakenieeg tlecit poe55e 5f
citd cete', 'n etletd'eis trig Cenese-nva. cud
live Thjeiubiieciis wistl thetir inte ret- tln
ticelcu 5 cu te l ass. cc
'Thee lBat ne Reutgee celored I em- teea- e
ciats leave st teetti t'e: t e-tci i'aecikeel thic
atie his ang; tlecy laeit listeend cet un
their exectalele cutet biietlood--'iit liti
Mhtie'(tS ee tihilie-als Ico thu-tetir t suit'
isittetis acud p1sionsiie, cccl sse-et calty
feetie thee iweictitg itreet lDeiietiretic I't
Ietitu evil. liniti l'etitt Jttci:, ces a ecte
ccittre, Lice ueleir'ei ticmetitreitcc liel y
tee' hect- "pIe-it iin.. ta thim l e'gcv'te to ls
ttlith heighiti tug pat e.he eel 'pe'ii st R cn t h<
lite;, ' hii''e tvi 'e I )tt tiocei elieei tht
cure ice p1 i' '- oh ltd tat iee, c detiel (-ei c
teo~e le ' ile v I\eee t e tee.cit s cit c
encle than dittct-' ti,-i.P .1 thi iee-ie lind- ciet
**itc thee Ii lt l'ttwie-e- ti'0 letiials, lot
Vae'ieltee cite \VIetoni, heir itthect0- Let
cete'eslip. ceici they k a eathly ti tic
setlie eN ler heitx thut sih l euler.
In lihi rest ot the State the: cccim If
1eaigte heus lecitely 5(et fully Iebgci. In i
I bet ic thIe lDcmoctrats meie ct ss cek let
ecileg cliii s, etiet in t'eeeeerdi'c citd
FTenscs thee lltciccals ei" sieeilti ly it
lensy. Thlee fear theat hIe~ liegieecs iee
will lee aptihctetic cit tle coiltilig elve- tei
tijen, still noct take thee titeeble tee s-ete, btl.
tande tie pl eveint this euai: t rojhee cre of
st i-is tt tte get ectt tlci-ir fall veete' iy leo
thee fitenctit ri of the-se ciubs.---N. 0. Ice
Demeoerert. (Ill
.- --.--- - - o
What do y'oui sell those 101515 fete ?" 'de
iinqeuicet a perseee of acic cue cittern lt- es
ing tic eisjeese of seecee eheich ens of cc c 1
cqnest itlablelt apjeeauratcce. '*I Sell lv
themn for profits,ii wcs thee neivse'e. vie
''Theciek youe feet thee itilftreiati'it tltrt I ie
they ate lttieltet't," rcje pneedte thee 1k'
clul('ist, '1 toeok thece to lee iectlicercles.' inc
I t I I I ; º t o h ~i l , oil rut i r .I :;11i 1I /n (
('onlCto[ih the Ill li~tt, d :;rws a rrlcll, 1 oft (,1
tin d l r i tdti 1 for 1 kilt'v e t f i t l: oitn:ll
ft ciirn t11~l rvii ~a a fir hlis stvicc~ its ~ir
the pl c.ºinm andt his erad til~t that
Ile 11t rt elive hl s mind cocIir iig il
the klte Indian canipait n. (hie thoun- ,f
smnd Joio !;ctc a tio with not 1pay for v
the sIeamoats tl it cltetieen Inot tliif' ttfo I
tutu! the Yellowstone, t hilt i:. i:. t
10;:-lay ,, Co., hashed ( a d:ºy fat
into trains with ('rook's f'ommantd.ll tl
iihuilo itiill sivs our airimv did not
want to fight the lruliahns, anil tanrd
ing to aii tiitepondilent of the (Cilc- ii
go 'ITribuntet
`1'It saui plainly that the ' oildiers f.,
( il not 'anit or intent tIo ight: that it
She lih waorn linsiif iouit finding In- l
di;ins; antil whren hie dd dittuvei their to
lhereabtoits, thesis was no title to go ih
Ifor ther.' Touse LhiS own Iiiguiag, *l
SVit was tident t to hint that. no oue at
Colnte ted withl the aryii had lost, iany li
ii diains anti c'oise rlntlhy lthey wv ere
inot going to hunt for any. 1it s-aid oI
Ihe had polinted out trosh trails, antid i
lithey hal teen pooh pooItt ed :w old; a
antid whlirn he repolftei bodis (of the ri
enery, no troops tcould hei got ready
nutit all hope of sutctessful pursuit
had laded away. This, and mulh l1
rtic to the sarie efTt-ect, fell fro; the li
li ps of the noted scout, who witne'red I
'r1 i ht! atiuitspiokeni its htis dehiit- hº
elation of the entire busiot-ss. Wi-i ct
Ilia Storie's uncoerrobertte~hd, ther~e t1
rwould he ao010 exeuse for pissinr og
thei byl, or ni ttrihotiug them to ux- li
cess or vint o niqt iii5s eiisiei1itt ulP- tI
on iline 1r1l or ijlaginary' atl'rout; ati
bunt, lilt f'ortu lntelyv, they are fully colº- I
finnted iv the huh iun scouts employed I
-Crows, Res :nd M1111131- These t
all tell the Same t ale: That they 1t
friuto 'Inmuch Sioux' often, and that A
thIroe w-as no rightiniig.
lii"Many are outspoken in the opinion
thlat oune of the causes oi f thu failtr11
his een itotemp ierlancel; and tlhere gi
our ciriumstancet wlR hich go to give u
colori , if not coitinution, to this l out '
sile; of direct cvhience. I shoui!d
like to rus over the freight bills of
the Nor lithern Pacific ilailroad, 11and1
lfind Jliust how mulch wi iskcv, ale, iand it
w1in2e has been shipped to lifiord iandl
the Yellowstone this summer by A. aIl
C. Leighton, Post-tlrader at ifnrt d I
Whiting & Co., Post-traders at Liii
colt, and by the Couiiiissary andt
Medtlicail IDepartments.i I tido lriot be
litve hat: a dozen boats have come I
up the river that have not brought 1
stores of this tlsc rition ai ionllg their a
cargoes. One loan tn the etplouty of g
I t ti dtri, saidl that the line of Terry's t
march could be tillowed lby the trail I
of ecmipty chaimitpagio bottles. Au- if
other, also in a tlrader's empitiloy, told to
me that, in o ne evenigr, he haid openl
ed iin the oftcets' departmenlt of ithe
trader's tent., one iiudred ind( eighty- a
seven hottf hles of aIle, besides whlistkey
and wine."--Cinucinati Commuereial,
Sept. 23. cl
The kind of reformii to be expected II
from them auy le ii rr-ed from the 0
history of then ie- miostrois frands and i
cil tliritions in PennItoisylvania, where;
they have 'lebauched every Legisla
ture q-eembhled for' carp, plundered
the treasury continuous~ly and sus- 1
temnatically, and maintained them
silIces in powe'r by theli it-ais whiichi I
it IS now lir'posed( to use in Indiana
and Ohio. Zach Chlndlrr picks his
thn. Brilstow and Schuriz are s ii;b
ied and sent to the rear, while the
Catiierons, Mackey anr d Kemble are t
biliughit citpltitolV f the fioot. t
Th-3'ey hIr the men fur flue tight, and o'
thme' will be the men for thes feast.- ji
N. Y. Suit.
Proof moitipt ies on 'e'v ry hunl, si
that the tRepiflithican is a1 party of dtend ltm
isueos, lii vi ing ill t le pa5t lillld fordi g ci
its bost elei- ets ito the backgroaiid, all
while the I )mocracy stauuls out the nii
elmbohi metit of live pol iticea! ptinci - pu
tilt's-a patty wh'iicht Iloioks lorwarti ti
oIy and not back ward, vh-ii beuts ai
not wi thi issues of the past, ho t those
oinl of tfle rnledl t ttiid the fiitiuri.- it!
Nuishivrie A mericant. ati
It is oifort-nate that thte rehotuld
he any solidif!ietionili of' soilions iiiw
out pioluitit--s-atdl wve hiojiti (I II thI l;lt' Ii;
wvill totmo whent both Niut'th and South Iiu
'cill di vide iin nat iona~l contel sts; liii al
whelin wt'Ieulernielbe tltat the ptdmt'v ot
ithle Rt-piidbtlica party hias lbeii Iliad
lessly Iiarslh toward t he vu'iinaoislutd
Setifi; thtt it is now ivok iug thi it
oh l wvar spirit if' thle Noithi :igaiiist n
lie I ieiiiit cyi C1,til In thit it- prii se I -t
a IiOet t'conttructlitoii tf several of a
flth Soul hero States, who t wouili-i I
that I th Soothitrnt whites shim I! lie
unoitt-i :gin¶ilst it 7-St. Louis Ut-1publ- iw
hicait. I)
oyIn lier Rijtlhcau dfthtlt0 flicn tr
ty vontin~ttute tlie V1rnatio. Nuioiilv I
elsi' is etiuit li-idr to lie litter-uiou (f !
Ithe Natiuotil (;tvi-i-tttuet. I titfide y
thlii select (old ill arie aissaiins, ttiti
derors anii traitors. 'This is tlit Iu-to
ilui iii tIC1fu'' (aye iii mpaigti st-chies;
aiud liii ji-~lcpe ati joilge Vthothe lt-ihe lI
iiiei whit unlocate stitl doit ri tis ri
hav liy Thtr~iotion 01 lititisty.-- Vt
C'uut ier-.Jouilil. ft
Tm: I~ XI;-! Tirr~i:T I'N LnutTI;N.l.
If toy tinttlligi-tt Nut tlht-m Tian g
wi-It fto citti tui rho jirisi rtf SI *Jnmos, lu
-it-al lie rrty lie, fto-tda, huh 506 flt- e
Itil tu tii iin thuo hiav' luci-t jiltetl in l
blii, hue wouutil sliitbldir ;t the- th htt ohi
Iof' tnl Iuhti nwn ittihig In 1 lt-gislat ivo ii
lioiy its t Ire rt-ftresentito i es tif 20I.INJI
(1(11 vort-hi of pitroet;',' at the rut t of
altrunt :9 per ct-it. hu- m iI tinn . \ott
o)ne of f le eagiditlatis tf Lgikt
tustate tinot ite tif' thicim cit hld ft mitt it
lv ; thuty an' all s'ouihg anth iiu(xhi(- I
rietced. aiti luttking i-vt-i- q utahi Iii- I
Ial tin rci-sahr' tii iiikt trusts mit it
ficito t liaw tiah-rs.--- St. Jiafmes iSrit - I
- rd.
I: Etr:iet froim the speech of Gov
* ver. IIubt!ird , of TIexas, at Phila
dlphia: 'Sir, you have been told
It ha e Ire dem tI I Ins in hate, a"n gloat
in the tiounhit of war and bhloi. 1Men
If New Figlaind-ines of the greatL
Sil`otit :l 41oYii believe 1ow wen for
IIthe two Iilliors of peoiple wiIhonl I
reipr 'n ti ald tih tiiid'e South as
well, I dnolnce the utterance as an
inhuman slander and a damnable. and
t r 1niblU ftal hlonod agi rinst 8
brave and GoI kntiws, a long-snffer
iig leople. Want w ar! Want lblood
. I airs we an. poor'--in'oIke iil
fortuno aiind rick at heart. lad you
t stoodl, aý I have stoiod, byiv the I ruitled
lat thtstiores, by the vret(lks of for
' tunre, which are scattered all alorng
the shore ; had you seer, as I havie
seen, the wolf howling at the door of
t tani a onuei happy houe-widov.w
Y heodl and orphain:ee starviing aind
'veei iIg over nev(.r-retutuilng sires
andl son,;, who fell with your honored
1ll -it Gettysburg and Ianiassas
SI:! vcon }eatr, as I have heard, tle
throbi1;g of the grait niiversal
it1 1iihein heart-thitobhijr for puanra
I anal yearn iog for the old and fai thfi
i lore btwee the `states: ouili you
Shave seetni and felt anrd heard all thlieso
' ttinyg:, mvii curntryimlcn, yiu wourt,
- black of w!iitu, RIpublican or Denio
" crat, t:ake re by the hand anid swear
t tlhat the arrn tlihus uplifredl na;riiist us,
9rand the tongue a hicl utters the great
libel in oir eiro shoiiuldl wither at
theii socket anrd Iccuorue ipalied tfrever
at the Iot I r'pea't again, let our
spears be torno-d i:to pruniniiig hooks
I ,n1 our swords ieat into ?iainwharuf,'
e to erlllai erl aiIuawtlitq nienrorials of 1e
Yurrilg piace anti goodi will to the
It American people."
SThe New York Herald is much
c Rigi en to startiing sensational rumnors
., and aftu'rtwarals ridiculing to absurd.
I lear time, however, the salo of the
i saper is iin-ensedi thereby. In its is
in of the 234 it all iles to the mcor
l frito Washýin gtinin, whlich it first niade
ti public, of declaring nointial law in
1i in the Siiutr anid sais this is, of course
L all noulnscilS" It thot goes on as fol
Slows:
. 'hlie truth is the Republican party
Sdo"pe "'nt deserve to carry any South
,_ ern States, unitless it lie North (Caro
Slirina, where tfho parties are equally
it matched, and where thIe Republicansr
it are as respectahlh* and as certain toi
it give tho Staite a good government as
s the Democrats. They might have
it carried a inoiher of the other States
. if tihey haid paid onily a little attention
d to good goverinmernt down there ; if it
. hadi not been to long the policy at
e \Yashington to encourage and siupport
. with the f'eiieral patrona:lge a set of
graceless and unscruulorlits political
gariilers and adlventurers, to the ex
clunsion of hoinorable and honiest men;
ihio might easilyv have eern broughtr
into the RIepiublican prty by the use
Sof a little isidomn and good nmannage.
Slmenit. 'Tlih t tlhe South; is to-day i,
" unit, or very nearly so, for the Do
Stnocratic party is the fault of Reprh
lican rt smianiagement at Washington:
Every roan, no matter whether tie ii
itepuhlicarn or leniocratic, who de
II sires to see the Soutiher i States hon
Sestly ruled ruinst wish that they shall
Is be carried this fall by the I)Democrats.
Li IN LoursrsANA.-Thu, lawless
e condition of affairs in Louisiana is not
t. the resnlt of tlie heathenism ofit.4
4 a owr people, or becaurse 3a lrgo nmr
- jonity of tle ma are riot hiw- ahidi rg a ni
're ritizeirs. It is the resnlt of Kel
ligg's roisrmaragerierit, deception;
I, anni tr caitiur 'lThier'e is nro Govern
4 meant in Louisiana. Orrtsluidt of this
g city, the situation 14 orw of absol ut
1, anarchy, so far as tho State Gsovern
e rneetit is concerned. It is powerlcss td
i- ubnl ishi an'r violator of thre law. In
di the oeantions where Iirh aniria life is safei
Is mnii tlihe righlts of projierty are rcmc
Co hidcte, thid uloc irei iirinlebteil to t he
- roral iii soiI restrai i ts of society
ald riot I o thoe oiivi'rrrrreiit nq. Irnal
adhriii ist rid by lKellogg's followers;
i iit t here are places in this Statn
ii w here tire worst ulenreni is in society
( have thu control, a coiditlon firm
II wi ci I tlin ho now a pjna is rio avail
it able ruiiedv.- Stale Ileui'e
--r4g .- -
I
I I I Ife corid i ion of fli'pjIihulieanr Rrtc
e n'cs iin Noviriiiir is the eoot mmiii
5 oiuvni'rmin'1;ts i 0 iihit llii iii h;Onli iui-lini
;urn
iieilrut tillrtuin of .lun' SiuutliL' hu y0 rhei
guguld h~ubs'~i~glii' ptirisil'i s h animnc
iii"' l ii n li r ii th r I to i rt in i, t
li shr ihi nil h:u itatii gl ri! lmii. N'i
thIi Yrklaiic lI (Sictrui-Istthep.) s
tianr iiii "tiar 1)iinnifrti'c iFedmeripo-n
'5ntv liuat an ulueritea thiiii morn tot
iid mroutig jofe gnviutu h'sloinl
-; ne , ili hUl Uuivi; ur ot r eu-t ill b frl in
hn'cuiirf o the 1utk himini nliio . t nr
Vlint tiehuer lim l, nSerni Ii ihuihli.in
ii' en t l5iare : M iil:ulu t i i is tinhnhei
'5 i, the u t tat' i'lun't tiu n tai ni ih e ii o-i
?uI~iiuin' tuurlini shuinnln nai tt fil l %un it
lit th m urly iii nh'ui'nir ante', ithlie
vi rmunieu - ltmsibladehinhiia in poulat[idn
II 1enderif oer. r(onrshl al
~ in the 12th0 inst.,it th-ain )i'rilie if
'ii \ItnannIll. achi ievi'l gloniiiiuliuruuun
ni K inn tnniinnteri Int (-lill limpbit. -Utr
huh.it innims on wlt't . rumahiiitiui mnar
at- ith f . iins uu'u i 5iet itt i' o if I t' vote of
'I. nih riun! lu ('i'uin erifi tinfet ofn Ihil.
jule momnt. *P..iiadel-h Ties II n~do-