O FFICIA IL
Paper oflhe Parish and City of Natchitoches
JAM. I. COSGROYE, • . Editor.
SATURDAY, - - MARClI 30, 1878.
TO THE RESCUE.
M. De Tocqueville, in his maus
terly work--l)emocracy in Ameri
ca, depicts with wonderful accura
cy the class of men who enjoy the
fruits of victory, won by great
parties, lie says in substance,
that after a party of principle has
succeeded in revolutionizing public
sentiment, the command thereof is
as a rule usurped ''"by small miten
and small parties," whose very idea I
of greatness consists in owlish si
lence on measures of importance
and intrigue and barter to achieve
the most minute end.
Louisiana has reached this co- 1
dition. The smallest of the small
have succeeded to the crown of I
victory-won by the greatest of the '
great. This conclusion is inevita
ble to those who look below the i
surface. The VINDICATOR has
been persistently right from the "
beginning, and had we met that a
support from our confr'ercw of the a
Democratic press of this State, I1
which the gravity of the situation t
demanded, we might be able to
point to other and better results
than those which now imperil the
autonomy of our party. t
The policy of the Nicholls Ad
ministration is, and has been a (di
luted copy of Hayes'. Both these 8s
efforts are the ideas of "small men" s
and are as wretched in their ends b
as the means employed to reach t
them are ignoble.
The Supreme Court in the mat- P
ter of Tom Anderson only perfor- g
med its part of what is now known p
to be the price of our liberty, a 8
most shameful bargain. c
Nicholls, either in person or 1
through his authorized agents, (at
least as the head of the Govern
ment he must assume all responsi- C
bility,) made a trade with the Radicals of
last year. We understand fully tihe I
responsibility we incur in making il
this declaration, and upon mere
technical rulings the. evidence
which has impelled our reason to tc
this conclusion would not convict; v)
but, public sentiment, to which he I
and we appeal, will not fail to ac
cord with our views. rn
The Governor has done his a
share of giving rewards and sus
pending punishments. Ieginning
with Pinchback and ending, God
only knows where, he has certain
ly assumed to himself enoughl of
the contempt that the patriot lmulst
hold for all such as deal in these r
questionable means to achiever
questionable ends. Man can be
come satiated with reproach even,
and our Governor is no exception li
to the rule. He tfelt no doubt that
other co-ordinate branches of the
State Government should assumne I
some of the disagreeable denunci
ation'as well as to enjoy the honors
Oonferred. The Supreme Court re. ne
sponded to thisecondition ofafltirs
-this crisis in the tide of intrigue all
--and as an earnest of their capa- th
bilities to carry ont a bargain, le
they have turnled loose upon socie- t
ty a criminal whose hand struck a an
pa,
blow, and well nigh a fatal one, at t
the very foundation of Civil Liber- th
ty in America. -w
It is not our purpose or province lth
to look at the decision from a le- sRe
gal andtechnical standpoint. We
are told that the cold law is sus- the
ceptiblil of being invoked in the on
m1il
interest of almost any cause; nor dri
do we forget that Courts of learned Tl
jurists have heretofore based de- I
cisions equally as outrageous upon
equally as flimsey pretexts. r
Anderson is free; but with that
fact comes the rerelation that the are
Bapreme Judiciary of the State, 2
which should be held in high amnd
holy esteem by all classes in our v
eommonwealth, has covered itself
with lasting and well merited dis. and
wik
They have rescued Anderson, hut,
bat have lost themselves. rogi
Editorial ('orrespondence.
N\W tih.I ,:NN , ,A.,
March '3dh, !W71.
Dear Vindicator:
lies After an exceedingly pleasant trip
on that excellent Steamer lhart Able,
or.
your Editor finds hiuself in New
7S. Orleans-the charming (iescent City,
with its good people and its had, with
its rings and monopolies, and d itlh
those who are making all patriotic
effort to destroy them.
II SIN ESS
ra-of course is flagging, as this is the
the tail of the season, and, beyond a
eat country order now and then, the
Wholesale houses will do nothing 'till
'" Summer is far advanced. Perhaps
las they do not want the kind of busi
li. ness offered, or that which will be
offered, because it must be on timne
money is not to be thought of, as it
tell is non est. The resent failures have
lea had their effct; or peihaps, and
ý correctly speaking, they are in them
selves efeets. The Red River peoplle
suffer some, as they generally do
Ve when cotton men play short. One of
our parish planters loses $271?0, and
1M00 bales of cotton by the suspen
sion of Levy & Clark. This house,
all with that of It. T. IBuckner & Blro.,
of I. Bloom, J. Walsh and Page & ,Mo
he ran, t're the recent large failures, and
are monuments of the policy of coii
traction w hich has brought values
he down to nothing all over the country.
as STATE SEFCURITIES
are down to 74; to-day, a fall of ten
cents in one week. Many reasons
It are assigned for this sudden tumble,
he and I snbjoin the Evening Items re
te portorial results as to the causes of
the breakdown in the credit of the
State:
to A reporter of 'T'iE I'EM was dispatcheld
in search of reliable views as to the cause
Its of the disastrous decline in State securi
le ties, a falling off from 85 to 77 per cent.
in less thian three weeks, or a hloss in ane
tnal values oi consolidated bonds alone
of over one itilliou dollars.
A PROMINENT MEMBIER
Ii of the late Legislature stated that he had
made a canreful study of the Kellogg
so scheme for readjusting the St:te debt in
comparison with the resources of tile
i" State and ability of the people to pay,
and was satisfied that a vital error had
ds been made in fixing the rate cf interest
at seven per cent. In the present condi
l11 tion if the financial world no community
could afford to pay it. He thought thiat
had not the crops tfailed last year, a more
1 prolonged effort would have been mladet
to carry out the funding act pledges ill
r- good faith ; but with the shrinkage in
values of our leading staples and real
ill property, ultimlate ailure would have
been unavoidable. He is studying the
8 subject minutely with a view of submit
ting a plan to the next Legislature for
refunding the entire outstanding debt,
bonded and floating, in a new five per
cent. interest bearing bond.
at A LARGE OPERATOR
in onlds attrib)utes the collapse to the
"non-eliasticity" of the banks. He says
Carondelet street has been eaten up by
its enormnous interest account. Instead
r1 of reducing the interest rate to five or
even four per cent on good collateral
1e loins, the banks prefer to go on shaving
unsecured conmmuercial paper at eiglht h.r
Ig cent, or to crowd their vaults with idle
nlonhley In England Supllplly andl demand
regulate theilt rate of interest for I)lmoney
Sas well as the wvlllle of Incerhandise.
Further, inlstead of sustainling their cus
to tomersat the molment when the Legis
lature was trilling with tllhe State's credit
t by threatening t., tax 1nlds, the brokers
were first to take the alarm, and by call
e8 ing for additional margins on loans llased
on State bonds, mainly created the fiel
C- ing ofdistrust which has resullltced so la
mentably.
A SlIREWD AND EXPEIIIENCED BROiK(Ei
I attributes thie misfolrtune solely to the
thinancial unwisdom of tlhe Legislature.
Had proper neasurie hbeen adopted to se
enrue inltr.'st p5V1men'llts, :ili' tll p!t', ' 14
the worhl lhat t itotnor o" Louisiana
tI woulh never he miirchcd with repuldia
tion, the glut, of bonlds in this market
f- would have been miaterially rclieved anlId
at lprotitable ligures. The money thus
f released would have sought investment
in a score of ways that must have prov
ed generally bileneicial. Thle Pacitic
so railroadl would have caught much of
this released capital; new mannufacto
-e ries and new grain elevators would have
been erected, and a fresh impetus given
&- to all now established enterprises. But
the strongly bhacked proposition to tax
I, ohands, though finally defieated, indicated
that thile germn of repudiation is in the
people, andll instead of selling our bonds
at at a profit, this market is having those
held abroad thrulst upon it, and these
oe must either he taken or prices will de
cline to a tigure that call leave but a
18 wreck of many a fair fortune among our
citizens. He sees no hope of restored
Sconfidence until the next elected Legis
lIture accomplishes tile financial reforms
which thile "late lamented," with criminal I
. negligence or recklesusness, omiitted to m
enact.
A LEADING BANKER,
although expressing full faith inll the
patriotism of thle Fiscal Agent, declared 1
Sthe belief that hlie could not afford to ad- :
vance the sum requisite to make up the t
deficiency in interest tax collections next
July. The cost of collection, he under
Ssttrd, had been increased in this city,
and a discount is to be allowed for speedy
paymnlents. This will reduce the suma
t total, without in his opiuion, increasing I
the collections sufeficlently to liquidate I
the coustantly growiug claims. The
worst of the depreciation was yet to come r
-when sales began on account of ex
hausted mlargins- a (lay lnot distant when
e the flags of Carondelet street would be
strewn with the remains of "hbusted"
speculators.
STHIERE I A WELL GROUNDED REPORT
that a representative of the London as
sociated banks recently arrived in New
Orleans with a purpose to buy several
millions of Louisiana bonds, but he was
r driven incontinently from the field by
the legislative scheme to tax the bonds V
I This gentleman remarked that if the 1
right to tax honds at all was assumled by d
the State, it was a legitimate deduction
- that it possessed the power to tax them
out of existence ; and be should carefll
ly refrain from subjecting the capital he "'
represented to any such hazards.
Ui
No BAn vrPTCIES
are yet reported, and we sincerely hope Il
all dealers and owners of State bonds will p
" "weather the gale," which is now sweep. ol
ing away so much of their subsistence; hb
but it will take nmany a prosperous ad
venture to regain to Carondelet street its
rhcent losses. c
THE STATE DEBT i
and its payment is a "sentimuent"m
with a large number of good citizens
who are "gravely interested" in it;
huot, to the "suffering yoeman" it is
regarded as repre.senting the price oef
l tcli listn whlih'll ri'li ilis s it lulh l
anlel to he paid by posterity; e
' ha ing paid the cash demand, even
to beggering ogurselv es.
STHIE ILEGISLATURE
h as adjoullllLed atL last, and I have no
doubt tlie fact will Ibe a souice of
much gttiticatinll all aroiunld. It's
gity good works can he stalted with c se
iii and rapidility, while its silns oft llmis
iti tn are so many that a vyear woul
lie Cexpendedtl in ellumlltlerlting them.
Considered from a purely D )'no
the critic stlld-)iint-which n1ia1 s
d rinciple ind practlicael rc/crtll-this
t legislaturelll' is a molillist dismalill fliilire,
'till and as a evidencel that they recog
nizo the fact themselves, tlhe Senate
'refused to appoint a liunclionie ('S) ll
I hei
tlrtt til lCOlil t Itc1(111 fin I tlilci ail iS-
10
erieatulres of iulagililtionli. Ml I. lhite,
e the emlinelnt, clllllnt and tip hip
ad(oserratc'tire Senatorl f'ronll IOrleans,
cohlhd'ilt galvainize the lileas:ure witlh
i slla spread eagle spleech. hItllch, the
lnegro(l Senator froml East Ilaton IlRouigo,
rather set back the ('onset vative cle
an nment t whenit,in reply to Mr. Wlites'
labored and futile etfiort, lie exclaini
ien
elf, anll that right firvently, that lie
"aidinireIl and respected a )Demnocr'at,
t but he had an titter contelmpt fir a
unIl Conservative." IlBrch struck the
lipopular chord in Louisiana, however,
wlien e reftrred to that noble and
clidvalric son o(f o1r bleloved c1llllOmmon
weailth,
.1'T. GOVERNOR LOUIS A. WIILTZ,
as aIn "out and ont" )emnocrat in
whomu all ien could and did repose
, conlildence--wholl all respected anld
re
adumired. Louiiaiiina will and mlst
.vet honlor Louis A. Wiltz as he de
serTes, and it will lie l plroud day for
lier whenl she does.
iuse TIlE SENATE
'i- of course, adjourned Withl dignity, be
uiit.
Cause sulch scenes as the
lone loi'SE
indulged in woul linot have been tole
had rated for a Imomlent in the former
ogg body. Imagine a hlndred grownl
t i" up Iitn engagedt ill disgrl'iceful reIwdy
>ay, ism-tossing paper pellets--takilng
had chairs frol ullder sitting gentleell
si-and depositing them the gentlemenl
nity not tihe chairs-- n li tlhloor.
Ihat Last year it was Cane presenllta
lore
ad tioiIs anid guisli, this year it was
w ill pranks, utterly ulnbecominig tile dig
di, nity of a body tlhat was bonsted into
are the session 1by some thumb-sucking
the country jackinapes, who edits (God
nit
for save the imark) a 12xlI paitelt out
hIt, side, as "all the brains in Llouisiana.''
per Nonsenise, they fell us, and tell it po
etically, to nimake it palatable, is tel
the ished by the nwise, Ibut I have yet to
ays see tie nmuses e'ven inlvoked to justify
ea1 rompilg rowdyisnm.
or TOMI ANDERSON,
a the "persecuted," walks forthl from I
per his Iprison 1by reasonl of the Sulpreme
ti Coulrt thcision defininlg a clnsolida
ley ted return as "lnot a pIulblic docn
Is. ment." I have reserved lilhy views
ol this particular poinlit for any edi
ilit t'rial whichl the VINDIrcArOR retders
trs can take as "'onre." Public sentiment
- here is shocked, and I fear the "agree
ment" ihurts us badly as a party. It
la- is
CONSERYATISM
 reduced to practice, however, and if t
the oulr people are ever again tempted to
li take it as a refige from Radicalism, a
RP I sincerely hopel they will rii llerl fo"i
in lionllits of its fill anid untramnmelled (
lia- eforts, and thlen take deathll in prle
cet ferlnnce to thie degardation. t
,- News from Our Friends. c
cf VERNiN . ,.
to- PAIIstI OF VERNon, t
ye March 17, 178.
In Dear Vindicator :
Tlhiereis nothing in the way of lo
e cal lews wortlhy of iotico to write t
ho you tlhis week. Several of our plant- o
d1 era are tlhrough with corl pilanuting. L
se Nearly every one has pilanted iiiore or e
e" less and tllohughing anid planting is ti
- being pushed alheald with vigor. a
i Well, oulr Legislature (so-called)
Shais dole atnd gone anlid did it. An &
i- extra sessloio ! I was exlpecting it. II
as They had not accoinplished any thing I
tal durinug the regular session, and 1ve
to all know they inlltended to do some
thing, and hence an extra session
was a necessity. The New Orleans
eo Democrat (I am told) in comlnentillng
ed 1upon the extra sessionl, says, "the
Id- extra will not meet with favor from
he the people at first, but when cony in
xt ced iof the necessity that inipelld it "
Stlhey will endorse the act, &c., that
' Governor Warmoth, through his fian
n aging iutrigue had chlieckmated the
ug Democrats in every reform measure "
te brooglht forward by tlheni, lanld hll i
lie prevented the passage of those great I
ne reform measures which the condition a
x- of the State so urgently demands" (or i
Swords to that ef'ect.) If the J)cnDo- '
erat is correc,t it is a very hlunilia
ting truth, to think that one man pos
sessed the ability to control the whole l
Legislature, that containled tihe as- l
seinbled wisdonl of the Conservativei
SDemocracy is too bad. I wnould'nt say t
so if I thought it, MIr. Demnocrat. r"
v What good will an extra session do fa
SWont Warmoth lie there too ' And if cl
he ie could beat thie Denmocrats for sixty s
3' days it seems to une that lie coald t
ll hold out for fifteen days longet. It
Swont do, gentlemen, throw up thile
- sponge and comne bole and ,go toeI
ploughing a'r sonmethilig else that has tI
no Warnloth in it. I am afid i you ed
stay there that Warlnoth will goblble a
the last rine of you. Collie home and
I place yourlselves under the prlotection Co
Sof your w!ives, you are too precious to
be out any longer, and those of you
who have no wires to protect you,
can crawl into holes and pull the
holes inll after you. Ltok out, War
moth is after y3,l!
Yours truly,
a VERNON.
thii
iarried.-ia Baltimore. March 15, by tie
Rev. Vathmr Giuwtiali, W G. Wisong oft Balti 8i
f more to ulse Leura Fleury of Natchitoches. La. t
•al The Robbe,l,ry olr SNtth larolila.
0 J 'l'lhe mania I trll ,x ti 'ite till 'on-.
len tilitis. ill .outihfi ('.I11, 1 ;i . anii asit oll
rtogue follows :ilo, he, ' it h his eiunt
of rsacllitrv in lthat Siltl', ill the days
Of ea;ltel't.I atg rlil., t here selln s tol he
DIo not a little eiii, itlon inll Ihe mllt'lcr of
of disclosure. The storli( first told welte
i's had enough and disgra.t.til ent inh,
bnut as each witness tilts :1, iM':, hi
" p el''lll'ee.'sst'--iitil t ulls t'll hi- illrel
its v wilth toltralle sti r'i S -the ,;l legL tie
l ,l ' sheft and, p11 litdl r tlhic 1 h ha 4 h. .i
I ii iid Lre to tlhe pi li.il ;,; I llh, lih,.
t' rillcr 1 ,,1 11( fW \ ,llill . ( it Is nIt, l i. l,,
hi e'l el r I hi t I tli' a ill 1~\ it 11;il it ' lil,.1
i i- IIlite, ,i1 i i the liS ite1 tltlit'lc ssu
h . lil' t o 1 11 tar e i itet ilitifi (I 1 41111i
in Ming tht'i is. o of t iRIIbb' dol 1t
f adahit'i helt the Statile hiut unlhin
h'R" le.ft tir lhe carpet hu l t g s ,to .1tI:i
ate aVal w1n llimilthring hal pe t: lr e to
-s l'n, .f the uminor itlems of plhn
,lter we have alreadi alluded 1,, il,
Sclntding the i"lot" vllwhih ieilherills fit
ti, lhe Legisla iet iiuadie otl' with, iln lth
t io)i sliha e tt li iltitlt e, carlpets, slli, i
ery, ho's,,.s a1id earriit '.'-. ]ill Ill
si'ba s tel he actllla ".arle " in ,,an1, thes
;lp)olpriatitlils ofi whai thi I ariless
thei Welititk used to call "per-inali
g lrtolelttty'" sink into utter insigniti
Scantei. 'The thieves we·re royal itt
their desires, if not in their tasltes. antl
right rtaill] did they steal while Itl
I iortunity lasted. The coummlon tiltnl
le atdolted vwas the il'ocit ing of aily ct'r
at tiieates from the Speaker of the
l' Houe :tll President iof the Senate.
ra in a single session of the Legisal;ttri
bie these cer tiivailes were isstld ito tlh
er, amnout of t 1,1 I;,25:5, the act, nml pt:
nil 4f legislators andI emtloltes ainlllnt -
ing to blut H) (I II1I. The excess
i- went to lhe legislative ring and t lhe
hionI ring, tilthe latter lating' i etileeed
by FIni:iilin J. lMoses antui Seinator
i on itterstitl. Most (ti rlho iarticiliants
ii the franld had assumed nllailes till
Ider which they received the money.
1id F . I. C'artza was "C. l. Fran kfiort :"
ist Senator 1'. C. Andrews was "C. T.
le- Andl n; Jtohn Lee, the S peaker tof
for the House, was "John ileant." Muses
untd lPatterson dislained at sulch sllub
terfuge and plundered openly in their
own nlames.. For that nattelr all the
- plundlering was duoue openly enogh
the fra id of 1 hiI il t'atdoza was ton -
viet ald foriti which litie was rentt to
plison ht elle plainily on the ibooks
le- of the Relpuhlicau P' lnting Colmany.
So did aotlher fratul, for which no.
er 1boly has hien punished as yet, by
%l ) which .?8, 71 94 iin certificates
I- was dilvided between the prliniting
n Comlpany, til, Stalte ollicials and the
Senators. Certificates were drawn.
Sllalso, to the anmunt ,of thoiusand. of
n, dollars for the joinit -outimittee that
visited New York in 1571. The tiienl
bets of the comnflttlee, live in um-n
ber, took a recess for a month, but
as expenses tiling thallt ime were lay
tt) In doing whatl they dill they acted
ig ntder the advice, it is said. of Cham
d berla i, whom the IRepuhlieans have
since held uip ats the one faithfil man
1- among the faithless of Soutlh Carolina.
' The details of all this peculation,
o- larceny anld robbery wo, tld fill a vol
niune. Indeed, it does till many vol
tiumes of the state records. A good
to general idea of the tepacity ntani
fy fested can be ,gathered froml a cota
ipaison of the legislative ex penses
nuder lephlhlican arid l)enocratic
rule, as show hiy the report just
m made of lhe investigating cominatiittee.
SIn 17th - I the eoast f bthe se.sstilt was
s ti9i 207. tl 1I71 2 it was swelled to
Ia- ,41~ 2i5, in I572-3 it receieidl to
- ii3$,602, anid in lI7 I to t ~tt7, 151.
t These were lepnh ulicanm years, In the
f- session of 1577, whent thie lei,·tace\"
had control hof the Legislat.ure, the
cost was 77,1I19, or a trite over one
tt ninth what it was in J573 -I. Quite as
iInstructive aS tie l otiin iarison of snt, e
tt the items. Thus, there was paid
fIr clerks in the year 171-2 the stum
S fofit2J.i,(1t6. hi 177 Ithe snan ptaid on
the satto account was ei,,4h'5. Mes
to senllgers were eltloved diti'itig tihe
n, session first thtinted at an expense o'it
r I15.7:7. ITh, la.i legIsa l.iie pi idt
' ~155. The hIorters six years ago re
i ceived the muagnificent snm ot $14,
- 4315. Last year they were et,,ilielled
to content themselves with $994.
Revelations like these show thel,
truie significance of the statemenlitl
once so vauntingly made, that there I
was five years more good stealing i ll
South Catolita. Unfoitunately firti
those who rejoiced in this belief, it
was fiounded in misapprehension;
othertwise there can lie no doubt that
,- they would have slhown thteir faith ly
to their works. The mistake was one
0. ot lime only. Jrtdiciously distributed
4, the stealing would have lasted five
tr years; but the repacious rivalry of I
is the carpet-baggers compressedl it in to I
a much shorter period. But, as we
I) intimated before, it was all dinte,
Sshort as the time wias. And if there I
t. hlad been any more to steal, that, too,
g would have been taken.--Ftrce Press.
_ I
- Affecting Seene in a tleorgla Court.
S Athalnta (Ga) (1onstittlioi.]
An old time master appeared in n
Georgia cturt-room last week to plead
for a muiIde-er who Ihal onto been his
Sslave. The prisoner was a cohiled
tinan, almost sixty years of age, 'wh, t
had tnileitltred anther negro, 'a
Jontesbr,, for offering an insult t, his
wife. The julry reldered a verdiiet of
uianslaughtler, with a reeommtenda
Stionu ti mercy, buit before sentence was
Spassed" the venerable :David James
asked to say a word for the prisouetr.
In a voice Iremulons with emotion he
proceededl to speak of ithe early lift of
tlhs negro, who had been tle nurse
antd companio of his childhei, aId
the muost obedient, affectionate amd
ha d-working slave le had ever own
ied. The tears t.ll fioi the old gen
theiran's eyes, and kneelitng at th, t
railing near thie prisonter hie hid hIis
face int his handu s antd sobbed like a
child. The Judge, in imaposing a light
sentence of three years in the peni- -
tentiary, spoke ,f the incident as il
lustrating the fairness and kindness
with which coloted people were treat
ed by their white fellow-citizens. On c
the samte1i day a white man was hang
ed il Central Georgia for mutdering
a negro.
Cotton Receipts.-- it
Received previously, 5,930 bales. f1r
" during the week 67 " B.
Total 5,997
The Home Stomach Bitters stands
thiis day second to none in the quali. R
ties demianded of a remedy which ie
suscitates euergy, strength and vilali. ot
ty for debilitabed human nattre.
N I'AV A D*'I) EI'IM:M I;N'I' 4.
1 ý VEGETINE
it.
Purifies ViZe B1.)od. Rnlºll, .valtis
1' Ad Thvi, inrates the
Ii
Whu,'P Sr;:te'n.
XI .41 i '1. ICý .'·c8
II
`.c , t l ( i'! ruin ' Ev ien ceh, i
II ; I ýi
II inhin (' 1 1 ' i i n!,u in in l, iii t in " i n'l~l h injl1
1-i at inn ~11,1 , 1 i i ""n 1 a
I'1rl. 1\' 1 11~ 1 t )l~nl' 1111 : '1'1i :1
S1,1 ..iiiI lIni, :1 I i" t hr":11ii
` " ot l ( I .11 1 do 1111· iiili l 1141,1_ 1 .,(11 i
,t't ln, ,11i mi .,,, r li i, it
lu II lin ,; it inn i.1 1
11I
'V co'e'tiu1 ANII - 91 :I'I'll ,,i
>^ ~ 41, 111 in," nri : 111 4 11:1 . i'iniin (haul
e' ,.,1tII \ i ll 1114i . tin~' tdi''' 1111 i
1.11 ..in% I I1nl div i l Iin. \ '1""I 'i 1ih '.
h 11.II11 11k i ; nn,' fit, Ill..
1.1ii uO~ tii N in iii $ fi t 4.1111_11i1. 1 1
'"X ctii EXCELLED
vI
T iio,"11"h and hm iiu 1 Sht, Miss.
('" ( t 11 ('I 1:1 ,1 111," \ 1.1.I111 " fi1'llil 11:,1
'I In P111i · 1 1 ,irlnl. 1,\ 1" Is to mIi
11Ae. 't 1 C ' k1:ii' 11 I i AI y"11111.
thi 1 '1g. 1111 1;" l \1h iiifillVl4CiiI
Yiciuns Ipeti ith.:
A'Mrs.cii . . : Mi Es
NHealthas1 Strent.
Vcgtin dIT-h, 14: A elie
Vcgc .fa "'Viittiii e1lit lt
1'" ('"(.'1111(()' 1 elc·1n1..1:lti (' .llitlittr, l. ia';lll
ieo1etiue i STn
it \'g11d ill f:LIa 111'1 d hl11' In :11111
VliC I hut t li(ii of. and :1 'g1't .
rIndul~r :ii R''m eal ':tj va~tl. g.
11 \'(º" ('t il *( \1 It ' t 1ill' i''li.
th I n sn Strne.1t .
VVcgtinEC T ICE.
H. H. II R.VES BOI:VrON MSS
ge " ftilb is a ld ave usAl Drnrtsmed.
v egcti ine 1rqar uti: s illInc talliV fll
snV,"ral Vea : uI aadlthin thatfn
I' _ SI,"otlitY o r( ankelor s Idc mmrs
p" i-i lit ill.sprit,- lnedelllcu it,
is the hes! thin;;,i ever us~d
in thing. 1 can ch,""rftl' llll tn
su r't a ºue llliciiicP.
H. R. rsE A. A. DS\O1 OR1S.
~'cgc~ilr~ is iol 19 Russe ll Street.s
* NEW AI EVfTISEMENTS.
NOTICE.
SLL 1persons owing ('ity LicensesM.. are
tl nitilicd that unless said Licenses :ire
S rpaid befrt'e the nth day of April, I will
iiproceed agalinst IIthemI accordillng to Iaiw.
' LEON (;RENEAUX,
City (Collector,. (City of Natchitoches.
e Collector's Office, Mardi 3al, ISIS. 2t
31. S. (CU'ITES
PRACTICAL MACHINIST
-AND
EN GTNE ERT?.
ARhCHiTLCT, CARPENTER & JOINER.
,I, kitlds of Maehine work, Eugi
fI n.erin,,, tarpenteling awl Joiner
work dlloite with dispatch, anid in tirst
' cl:lss E 4unu ,r.
EstiInates :and plans for huildings
promptly furnished. Parties desiring
wIiok within tih e scope of niy tradles will
call on tile atl, any time ifor telrms: which
t will eI liberal, hoth as to price and time.
Slhop on WASH INC(TON STIlEET.
NAT( CH ITOCHI ES, LA.
Jan 12-ly.
TIlE TIIlIORUGBRED STALLIOIN,
(PRINCE ALBERT T,
Will stIand the ensuing season at
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
DESCRIPTION :-'PRlINCE ALBERiT T, is a
dark Mahogaiy Ihiy, withonti hite ; iX Vears
old : sixlteen lianls high, and in line hea lih lud
conldition.
PEDIIGREE :-PRINCE ALBtERT T, was
sired bliy Prince Albert, Jr., anll he by Trtlli
imn's Pirinece Albert. aindi he by nimported Cleo.
eland bly horse, Ynllg Lordll, thr prl'operty .llcfK
. i. ('lay.il of Iourholl ll conll ty, Ky. ilis tlaln
as irc by old i il.ported Vialent ie; his grand
hai by Forestr,. : he by old Blerlrand: his reant
rll:ilad 1lal. Ainenida lrg.allt hby i Ske.
p eclll'. Vaientine wal nsa thoroni lhbre1 d Ihl-tr
impinorti i iprove tl h hthiorghEied stinck of
Ihisonntir. Ahada Vailentine, the danm t'
Prince .Albert is Oite of the finest mares in
IInticky. The, dam of Prince Albert, Jr.,
Mollie, wassired bya thoroughhred iaie-hlrse
ner daIn was sired by UIl Wood NI'ckr and lie
wasl the sire o ootld Grayt Eale. 'lTheI dam of
Prince Albert T, was sired by John Printer.
anl his gratnd ildarn by old lPlltk Hawk.
WILSON MERRELL.
TERMS :-Single leap, $7 01, payable at service.
Se;soui, $lo , payable during season.
Insuralce, 1.5; (i, payable when fact
ie itcortained or narl ltrii'rred to oither owni
Pastlurage and care of Ilares can hle Lad frolim
the undiiilerligned.
Post Oflice, Box 123, u P. IIUTT()N
Nalchiioche-s, La.
March 9-3m.
FIR)M 1-Hlt ASHES.
The Ph'aixy has putll on new life laul now
cators for public favors.
J Wirren Suddath
has taken charge and I)AN now dlispenses
tihe clhoiicest
BRANDIES,
WHISKIES,
LIQUORS,
fe. b
RICH ST'. LOUIS BEER ON DRAFT.
Don't forget, ye thirsty, the PIuINIx I
on St. Denis Street.
Feb. 24.ly
!JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS,
('ONSTAIILE'S SALE.
14e')uben lihaxton vs. Nicholas Momaln, .1ir.
Ninth Justice ('court, IParis'h of NatchilIo
ches. No. -t4.
IY ,irllc ,f writ of Fi. Fa. ,to me
) directed by tlhe ll. W. B. ('arr.
Ninth .JshtiII cf the' I'e:.ce, in : rtl flit
pl the' Iari ofI' N; chlite'hes, I will ilro
'ed lto lell It hpub 4li4 one1lrv, at the p11111n
tltio elf \" l' 4: St1. Annll I'lrull t.llell , on
,1'eto in,/!, .1 pril I:11th, I`1 ,
It i w4 .1 I , 1 1, 1k 1: .,
1 .3l.1 l SIit:1 i, llhra.I de l 1'S.
.b,' ,, ..i I,Ie(. 1l' ,eei . 1 11. l or (1.1' sei/.-.
1 e ill 1111 ah;lo\v' eltlti.d l Id n11 h11111,ier. e
TrºIs of ,ile.
'(, -I h u 1 II hI)v(4it. ' el llt of 1', 'lll 'llout
01'f hil 1 :1 Ih' Rhec ,tar',ge tilr :,lierl i"in , .
1i1 i nllillli tll4 , 1:l\ 1ill .usa :li. :lll1l ('0lll l lb,.1
I'. 1e e1 I: 1i'. "ii l . 1 I:.
M a. i :h :; ll-l . lr,,, i,.l (', tl:ehh,.
IIII I'F"'s S.A IE.
I ('.ti l riA )i,.1oht1i \ ..h.lohn ..\. M ;urtii
X- lIii ri,.l 1' r11". N\o 81 ;I.
S ) \" \irt e 4)l' :1 \\ril of i" i. I'a. i45,, )d
) in lhe a1iei\' ent l il cite and niti herel'i'
sui. :el tI4 ne dlireei'dl. I ha e, ' sei/el
Intld \ ill ,it1e', tfor s.i:l e I1, lhe 'l:-t :inln
highest , ºlleh r at t he' elog lf Ihi Court(
1iie ,e' inll (l1e' h eils and l rilth ,rl N:t11lh1hih1
SNoierdli, ith eith d11 1 f .ll,,:1 I4"4,
hthe mlloe in1 dls' rlee'.td 1,,lel,Iri.. l( 1- il t
i .l' l if" th I ll 'iud :lie'(lllitrlle y .11lh' .1. A.
S Mii ri1 i 'ra i u liroh h theiEllh r, ,hose,'lh .l :irtii,
by l a l W ill aii1d T l'eItiullll lt. i l:\ ilg olii
1t e 1 1 ill' \ 11 side of B fIIi t. .l l 11o. hn1 , .r1cll
111iuilig 1ll li O II l ,... Illl ir"e or les's.
Also the 114)1t1 \%e)e-.t qu te1ii (it ' 1t i4it1
last rt of niorthh ilt lwest iilartei. sec
tio'l ., tow\\nlshl ,, inge . contains 'llli
' ti ll-1 :lore..
Soith erai illiallter of north east 4111111.
te, sectio n 4, \ou slhill 8, llge', I, c'll
taii nilg 4dl l - 11til1 ! :1lelC .
North w\est 1 uarter lof south aist iIllal
tier, section -1, to\\'shi ,' rlang' l , con-li
i tlili 411 il 111) n s)
t 1 illth west, qI l r:till, of south ieast  l : ir
ter, $1.1'1ill I:13 , twlshl il) 9, lrange , (o"i *"
or tainig i n the llggregate' 211 41 1tllle-lres.
i' Also lioI'rlih est qterllt' of nlle east
q 1ll;al'tr oft so5ct)i)i I 7. towhnshii 7, rangei
it 8, Coutalillii :19 77- 1i ) ai cres.
i. Alsol the wholhele' l :s4l) Ic ieslitl lhaerte
Ir i of ell ltli cast illartl er. s5ctiolIn I, Ito\i\l
11 h lt . t`, iranie -, contlalllihlg -111 ahl 11111
Also nllth east ql ilerT f' ) seith west|
q111arti, sctiol 4-. township , lalrge ,
lcontaining 41 0ac-ews.
Nortllh cast Ilialrter lof nort west h l "lUll'"
telr anlld Inortrh west lliallrter lf linorth
Wvesti qiarter of section 19. tlonshiip ",
rain) , co talll ilinllg 79l 53-1)11 acres. to
gether with all 41l he h1nii ngs :ll l iln
Alsl '251 ll hells of I4el'c1n, lorel or less.
' I ]lilcek Sallilon.
S 1 IBlac'k Mule'.
t 1 loa ii Ioh se.
- 24t he: of lioes, morle or' less.l
it 57 head ol attIe'ile more or less.
S I f lSteai Sow Mill, EEI,.itili. lhtiiler and
fixitures.
tfill ileetl iof' lllierl , t i ol'e or less.
'Terms /of Sale :
C(taslh-\\il1 thi hen-cll et' lllpraiseil'lll
I). 11. i 13) ' 1,I '', ,1..
tllarch 2 .--its. Sheri't.
('tibsthilele Sale.
'. VN. A. hiron \ ics. Richard Willi: i:: nd
1 .lie. , 11 k..1 .ly.
F'4ilrlh .hi.lcice's (ilcrt, I:lrish elf Ni
(chlihlechls--No. :Ill.
l " VII' TI'E eel' 1 vrit l lf Fieri le'ites
) issued ill lihe bliheu'le e'i it hit iii i a ililii
here'll sitl1, :elcet te e l irc c tli d, I hiave'
11 Mi/ed liaiu will otlir fer sale to the Ilst
iniel highest lli.lciddi'. ct lihe oetei'e elf the
I"eeitrthi ,Jhstice' of ihe PPe'ai'e in Ihe tlowei
ofel' (Clcilie ,. Olc
t Saturda# the 6t1h dla/ of J))ril, 1878,
lice' t'l ililcwing dec'ilbed '1oiellrty- seize'd
as thice ecr 'i'erty e" the tic fel'llalct ,Jolcces
llakely, tee-wit:
A e'erltriin tr:iet or pal'rceI of 1iiiin1 silci
ate'd ic lihe Plarislh eef Natehchi toehes et ni
1he Coulc'' eI'E',cc "ral hle, teeiig lhe east
half efl' sth we'st llcarlter, sec'tionl S.
teown'thipil II eef . ,:'.'e : - i4a4 iitl ,/ "
i7 I ti , r.e-'. "... ; . . eI lee' ilie 4iV il
prol'4C'icits tllher'eto bi'eellngilcg.
Tecicc'l el' {ale'-('Cash, with the leeni'it
ol' appli selli eltl.
,' JOHN CAI'CilLEN,
March 2-his.
lheriilft Sale,
Stcte ofLc., vs. Valsin Moneltt, e't l.
Nee. 11.i0.
B " VIIRTUE of a wril't of it. Fi'. islseil
I ic thice abileve entit lh l'ld n micllere'd
suit a1d to Ic e dhieelted I hict\'e seized
aclid will ofler feer sale th ihe hi1sl ailid
highiisI1 hiddetr, I he elloer of Ihe Court
HIe)clse in lhe e'i'y a 1141 puitri'ish eel Nactichi
Mtlirdi, lt tith daOl e'fApril, 187t,
lhe follo\witcg del('c'iieed ]lrope'rty, to-wit :
A cirhtai tracI , oi' paiircel of laccll sitli
:lteld ill lhce Pari'ish of Natichiitoch's, boeicnel
e'el 1)01rlh !hy Buiyc'i Nuelclhez, e4ist & soilti
by li)lvii Ntih e'hz aicel Emiiile Soiileaty
irlac, iilcel wist by Old River; said Irl'act
ccicticihug ice hliuncllded nle's, licclee ee
less, teehl ier w ith all Ihe hiildihegs ,cded
limiIpl'oe V liitelti Is I heI''coli.
T'rm)) / S" l' :
' Cacsl, with the lee'litl'ct of iippcraiisenie'it.
D. tl. BOULLT, .in.,
Nherpiljrs Sale.
Slate eef Li., vs. JTaek Eldwares, e, ail.
District Court-No. 1210.
BY VIlRTI'rli of wee writs of Fi. Fa.
issued in the ahl\e ectiiled and
lllllmb''reel sicl and to ee e dire'.ehd, I
have seized acd will cellir fii' sale to le'
last and highest hidder, at the heu' of v
thie Ceiurt Hlhse, il the cily and perish c
of Natclilih:hit'es, eoi
Saterdhy, theethdl# adey cf April, iS7,
the foihilling deihsc'riheil lprellee'rty, to-wit:;
A ie't:i1n trait'l. oel ieierel of' hl:4 sitie -
:cted iic thie ieri'ish o41' N'atc'hiteeehe'-,, anel
leeilg cll Ithat tetiolc i tIhe, seeclh west I
qai:irtler oel' stjecei 7. toneicship []l, iriinge p
7, l]cyiicg soulh I lf I lyel-i htiil'he'ii.x, aced
coelcitnini oill e' hclilred 'iic'Ie5e, 1orelic, orc
less, toge'thc'' er wiih all ihe heliilihcgels ccl
Terms o" ale:h'
(C:slc, with 1h1' hlee'1c'ith of :ipleraisiieliet. 1
1). 11. BOULLT, .u,
March 2-tes. Shetifl.
FUBLIC SALE.
B Y" virhi4 of ani order of lhe Holii. .l'.ge.
(of tlice Pcrish Court of Naltcehiches,
I will oller for stcie :it lililiie ncloe'tieol, at
tihe store lioliuSc of Peter V4unlmlin, oil
Washingtoel street, ill thie city of Natchli
toches :ct 10 o'clock A M., elli
Weduesda!, April 3d, 1878,
the following property belonging to the 13
late partnership of Peter Veuleman and ta
Mine. Christine L'il'rison dlec'd., viz :
'hIe stock of Groueries, Proviisions,
Liqmors. Crockery ancd Sardices, 41 hated.
Also Two lHor'ses accd Two Wagons,
HrinI'Uesu,, & c.
T'/r4)1,1 of Stle:
('AMI oin thile spot
I1. Ii. TIOULLT,1R
Irlheriil, & ex-officio AItitnr,'
a. MIrch 23-2t. o
helrifl's Sale.
i( ('a1pr'i & I)'eitieh Vs. N. F. DarInell.
i I'arisih Coturt, N . 1i .
) Y' VI T'I'E of a writ ot "izare
i) salt in t' ,l ,hor, entitl, tan av
I Ir l' Iiu. '. iii 11fw fit ' ;II tIr of thb
'i lat.'rdii t /, ;e / ,I, diii o*f April, 18178
I, tris Nts. 1:, . I1. 1, . 1 i 2' , u iti l
It in Sli n, ilh . n, ar the ci l of natci
S: 'h, . ih a;ll th,. h.llihll n ;Il iblegrog_
'li t li ithei'rnt , ~l"" l .,th"' ' sfllte at f lM ae
. .,.IIi II. }lH lllF , f . , II E
S i t. hi', , iv hi liti n .iii ,' ti u t1'l' tl 'A theli
.\1, Mr No. 1. .' : in, • l" , .
23I , l, oh ' M: til' quire li \ It iiwi• ,
Sf it l t hl . 1 i l t I f al i t tn
'F it' ltli'l ti.'l' f , l i . iiiiti,
i
SELECTION NOALE.
In coI, f ý nlith h it t i ,lirtiot , ,I . t
eflt' sett itlt ( 'iltuf .I-J st' ihyi f '
In ,m h tarit n..tli ti' Naf i l fii'li'. eletl o
: it 'rd ll I"ive tlthi 11e;ri th1 1 h-l i, ait l tn
l ' 1" i .\ l ! I' i.ll tI'l f,
tI, o1t , AlUil rni 1ii, Iat fu,,
l whit h tine 1 liit lit' il ,e all ualili'ktl vt
'i1tel s, r' lt' tii le r f ,el id o\:r1'd jr, 1 ".ls
ii1e toi r'paiir it ,il cft l'roliil let
tfrth.
'Thn tle lnlorail , Iolic. . Jilr of this Par
ish have Ivine, conltiliuted and appioint.
S eiid lilte' ftl hi :ilil ' ieuniu i rslt les and Clerk
- i'ii s aii' elec.io ni, in 1a11rd1a1 11'ni with lawi
4r0li-l t e are re ird qt ualif- aliud t
i tund the dtiles i lel'rt aii'llt 'ito thleiro J e
oIr hn ire day aclto date ihiulre r ioned
t l e'r'i':,it t it u it' ('llluliilloner
S A. A. %111"1cis ll .
t i T. ,.I |.1triillSi,-Cl. irk.ii
MV1. P.\Y, I?,
1'(Ol lin ial:) Prtesdth 'llon liie Jil' t.
'ith J. i.('C nltlet ', u t
('leek.
NOTICE.
i SALE? (i F' if itlie1111,,:.
i 1'llt ht lic arei herblly notiied that
I. tlhere wi ll lie lil (ill K t' AT 'l AY.the
i23rd day oif IMiarc'hi 17bl i, the followint
linelly established ,ioieriels to wiVi:
At h'a.ppe's luilt
|r oad wile rli's , lrosi n,
( urve'r s P laee filll r('ant iver,
Mouth of li:(o ' litonh,,n.il.
Also he ( llhe \ vi, ng Ferit iriets not helleto
tfire s t .ill an il hes it, w Sih- h thetetlr
(f' sa l, halve \ti' ll n tot it li tld with,
il At ll lie t e t'le 'ilf 1 el riveilr.
hIi\ ts Fel'l rn .
t hlta lt' i i's I F err t. .l
Mi ic oti ahlr s l lie li itl liltl' k i'.i kei , vill be
sohl for 5 ,tairls.
eTh, eothiers will Ie., sold flitr the tierii
tlniuIIngd th e 1 ,slt a. ofl It elrcfiblr i tfre .
fThile o 'rchase s . icil lr i . fli' till tlu li t,
i i nll y li~' ih I, I r' , not ilh ':tllt v iled.
irThe llt lse;ihll ll il 1ofire hoo it m u',ll lisv
ielqirtled ty law. We1. PAf NE,
Feh i-tii Iri 'lf t. pri, i lt i olifc e h'iry.
.*Jtlln h i . teihlet l s t . h s'v it el Pi arsfnit .
listi'i, t c ot , lii- risih fi· N\r llhirior
Svirhite arit' o f Sl i. l. iss i
C SIIa - witl i o ble dii tuel', l ia Ise izd la
h u'rcesi y o'hllfThntuis Bilt i offer
ii scale tlol th lst "lie l tiilleti hiltlhr io t
the ilori of tihe r't.' H luist i ll thl city
n parish t t.hit es.
,'ihr'hi y, 21lh d !/ f pril' 11f7d1,
0 l1 Id 0. t(h i itgH.I1 e t' ill file
still s of Na lCh i n l'et h inilhli nna fr t ol
feet, mlore orll'h.s aind rulilh lck f
depth iie hiundhed ti , oreli oi' less 1t
hled lhvr. 13ounded ol the ilrth b)
propierty forlerl% bhlgiighl i GJeln e
ui\eix o i tih Sllith liy piroprrt, of C.
L. Whlmshey. ial bly \he led liv'er, uia(n
thgetllhi(r \vith .'i'l lhle uihdinigS a d llI -
Snei ls, oi t h, lic day olit Miiy', 17T, ia
SNa'.t hit och,,.
tet, mlre or ltss, oil said srtlu , alla
March 'J3.-'2t, Parish Judgle.