- - - - - -- - I ?- --r & 2 2
b e$Ir trcifh3 r
AtIvertislazg Itates. 11I
= li i oil ill,- u0$3) of)
THE WELFARE OF TILEPEOPLE I THE SUPREME L AW.
,'I +7 -21p)(1 II III :;o , o III.,) oil(II ~I;. i 1~!1I~ ..... -)r:
I. 1::) 5: -- Offcial the White Citizens of Red River, Sabine, Winn and Natchitoches Parishes. All i
u irf -Ich srbS NOL III. NES, LA., SEiPTEMBIER 15, 1877.
Tk'rot inflfrIPVU -: (I'WNEI er - -- re. T, f n fn,.i'p tiatuind V M. NATCHItioi
-._-- - - - , .. rnr1 r v_- I - \Fý'ýi NOs h _ (O~l1101 - - rv rCII1IOII·
[ BUSINESS DIRECTORY.er 2d ad T
K······· St I t I S1.
, 1.\1Yl 1:'ilt--Wodti. an ll!,ucksith Work,
;1. ('hnlrchll Street.
p+EII NI--Th, N Stianl--I;er (;ardens,
. Fi ' 'in,, .ilura nd C'ilr.. C St.Dl. nis.
iLL LtC\ I-l:·;tar.ut, St I)enis Street,
A [EX LA".MEE.-Notaty Public, St. Denis
Sstree CtI_
V\ .iEirY  ITKE- -UK  '"ahlollecitng
Ag-enit a 'd I'avmser St. Itni street.
) LTDWTI'H 0 V.\R T WWdwork and i
I) BlacksmIithlin. (.,nnr , aln Sily s
tIrl(K ;,,r.unl Pistols olt, ,atde and
. Il'epail ,.d, St. )Denis Street.
1 'ItLAltD & CAMIPiT.L'LLerc.Ihaiidista1ul Red
)ýPlan tation Supplies. Front stlreet. Sl
(-'ll It'IN \ CININII.A i & CI.LI'LIN--At- (' ]
itoriyas atLa singto'n street .part
-T .Ltf AN .EVi'-FamlyJ Groceries anid
-; enerail Mlerchandize. Friont s treet.
( ISIAkIl & DI-ITRICIH-Drv Goods. Gro
Si ceri'e ' (andGeneral MAerchandize. Solte
APent+s ftr .rew Bottom Shiies. Front street.
S-Gi EGA IRZIA--Famlily Groceries, under
I i [aon Lodge. `tit Street
FOrTE1\TI) -PTlant i ot r el-Favoritc
I farli'r' in sltralltlgels' iresolt, St. IDenis.
rI RIIEN -hoots and Shoes made and repair. ,
Jr. ed, St Denis Street. _ lit
GFOLGE W. Ki;A:,RINE:Y..-.Rcorder ant No. of
lar Plublic, Court fIolue. d stl ict. ti tl
 - - - -- - . . .. . .... . . .
ERK Y GENlNTt'S-I- 'harter Oak Stoves antd
In.'l inware. Front Street.
KAFFEE.--Dry Goods and Groce ies, Front
1' street.
Lr LIT II'I ENS l N'- General assortmenit
I )ry IGoodlis iandl Iroeri es. Front streit .
II RI AFFA-.Dry Goods and Groceries,
Fronlt stre'et.
1', It'Clt -. Sturveyor. St. Denii street, tell
I 1i N- ity voodlls antd Groceries, Wash Hat
1* rn u Stet . & ('
S li r tt-t)r d (; tlods andt Groserites, below antt
.* the Dirt britld'e ..Itlerrson Street.
JOlIN RiUSi.\--l)rv G(l;:ds anti Groceries, -
J I l]ow the Dirt bridge. .efferson Street.
T No.(;.ENiE & ('t--Dry Goods andtGroceries,
J Washinfton street.
TAS. GElVIUS-D)ry Gtoods and (roceries,cor
Snir ,Jetterson and Amuhlet Streets.
l W. SUDDATH-The Phoenix--Choice Li.
Squora ndl (Cigar, St. Denis Street. DI
rAS. 31. B. TUCKER-Attorniey at Law St.
SDents Street.
TA. KING-...VWatchlmaker and Jeweler, St.
JDenis street.
J DUNCKLTEMAN.--.lHarness and Saddlery,
WJashingtonu street.
1 C. Tl'ICHEL--General Merchandize,Wash- H
J. ington street.
T DUCASSE-General Assortment of Mer
.* chandise, Wushington street.
JT i. STEI'IIEN-S -Lumber Vlarl iitrseetiin
' Frlonlt, Lafatvette and WVashiuntloin streets.
J. I, &l l RKll( " l(ll.(--;en eral Wholesale
S* and Retail Dealer andl sole Agent for Wag
ons. \Vashington streelt.
J A. IUC('OURNA UI-F. ne' ad Staple Dry
I Gotlds. oots, Shoes, IiHats and Clothing,
Front street S
L C .\1.RE-ITh-re (in Biar lRoomn, choice
Wines, Liq utor andl (iars. Fronit street.
LTEVY& PI'HIT.LIP-Fill stock Fancy andt
IStiplelDry Goodsi and tGr.cr.ici,.Front at.
L. DUI'LEIX- Land Agent, t. Denis stroet.
MORSE & DRANGUT --TA.ttortneys at Law,
Il 2Id street, cotlrner rutll, .
M . CARVER-Drv Goods, Groceries and
SGe Ceral Merchandize. Front street.
O SCH:IAFFP.RATII--Biot and Shoo Maker,
. St. Dellis Street.
O( CAPHARTlN-4oiertltl assortment of
* Goods ot all kinis, Jetferson stetett.
p VEULEMAN - Undertaker, Washington
1 Street.
p POETE-..-Baker, Jefferson street.
P VEtULE.MAN--..Fatily antid I'lantation
SGroceries, Washington street.
R. S CALVES.-Dentist, Jefferson street.
R. E BURtKF--Cheap Family and Western
SGrocery Dealer, Front street.
R P. IIUTSON-Livery, Sale and Feed Stable,
IL St. Denis Street.
QSNELKINS- Dry Goods antl Groceries, Jeff
. erson Street, below Dirt bridge.
8 WINBARG-General Merchandlze, Plan
Station andt Family Supplies, Front Street.
T. PONS--I)ry Goods and Groceries, Wash
SIngton street, _
T LAC(OSTE-Drugglset andti Apothecary,Front
.L*street.
T. HALLER--Buck's Brilliant Stores and
. Tinware, WVashingtou Street.
T 1 BAIRNET.-.Dry Goods and Groceries,Front
.L street.
T AUZIN-Billiard Room and 3ar, Front
.LStreet.
T SCtIII[.AN-Wholesale and Retail Mer
chmnt-sgenerail assortment for the trade
Front street.
* fl H JACK..Attorney at Law, 2d street,
v*. corner Trudau.
W . DOMST-Boot and Shoe Maker, St. Denlt
Street.
W B. POWELL-Physicain and Surgeon,
*t. Denals Street.
Professional Cards.
M. A. Dunn,
Physician and Surgeon
Moutgoua ery, La.
., . J. CUNINGI HJ.M,
ATTORXEY ATLAW.
44 Caroudet Street, NEw ORLEANS, LA.
ILL tttt the June and December terms
al the D letriat eourts at his old home
Natcbhtoehw, La.
Wm. 3. "Tacl.,
(SUccessor to JACk & Plzaso')
Attorney and Counselor at Law
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
tILL practice in the Courts of Natchitoches.
Sa bine, De.oto, Red River, Wian, Rapides,
aia Grant, and In the Supreme Court of the
at. Claim pr mptly attended to.
Wan M. levy,
ATTORlYY A? LA W.
(uae R med the Practice of his Profession.)
WiTL practie it, the Parish and District
a of Natchitoches and Red River
) * Court of Louisiana, United States Di.
S al Cironit Court of Louisiana and U. 8.
?;eat of Claims at Washington.
i R"0( * in the Lacoste Building (Up
Stairs.) 3
NATCHITOClES, LA.
Nay 98 Is7.
MORSE & DRAlNGUsET,
STTOIR? EY S AND ('OUNC ELORS .IT
L.I 1I.
OfilI' on Second Street,
NATCIIITOCIIES, LA.
May 2f 1N77.
C. Chaplin. J. 1I. Cunningham. T. P. Chaplin.
CHAPLIN, CUNNINGHAM & CHAPLIN
Attorneys and Conn, Itors at Law.
St. I)cnis St., Natchitochecs, La.
IILL practice in the courts ot Rap
id ides, Grant, Winn, Sabine, DeSoto,
Red River and Natchitoches, and tlh
Supreme Court of the State.
Claims prompltly attended to in any
part of the Union. March 23-ly
JONIIV B. ROBERTSO .,
(Late of New Orleans,)
ATTORNEY & COUNSELOR AT LAW
('O IS ATTA,
RED RIVER 'PARISH, LOUIS..N.I.
Will plactice in Coushatta, Natchito
chles. Manstield, Many, aind in every part
of North-west L.uisiana. Special atten
tion gitve.r to Laud cassc and Successiolls.
Juniie 9th, 1 77-tf.
Dr. W. B. PoOwe 1
MEDICINE and SUR1ER.
OFFICE on ST. DENIS STREET,
NATCIIITOCIIES, LA.
Calls to the Country promptly at
tended to.
Refers to TDrs F JTol1,on, ... S. Stephens., C.
Hamlin and (;. . E illr-pie. MNIe rs Bullard
& ('ampbell. Carver & Tailor, Trichel & Airey
and Col. R. E. Burke
April p.-ly
Business Cards. 1
- - -- - - - - - - - - -- - --- - - - - - - - - -- - --- -
C. A. BULLARD. NI. CAMPBELL
Bullard & Camplbeltl
-DEALEUS IN
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
HARDWARE,
And Genucral Merchandise. tl
Corner FRONT & LAFAY.TTE Street,.
\atchitoches, La. it
_TIGHIEST cash price paid for cotton and T
Li country produce in cash or merchandise.
Marth .i -ly.
Peter Veuleman, c<
-1)EA. LF.R IN
FA1MIL K GROCERIES
A full assortment of W.lr.I.-P.ApEl con
stautly on hand.
Soefal inducements to CAtsl Customers.
WASHIIINGTON STREET,
Natchitoches, La.
Marclh 2--ly.
J. C. Trivhel,
-DEALER IN
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD
WARE, BOOTS and SHOES, HATS,
ETC.
- Highest cash price paid for Cotton and
Country Produce.
WASHINGTON, ST.,
NATCHITOCIIES, LA
11 R. E. BURK.E,
-dealer in
GROCERIES
n FR(oWT STREET, Natclhitoclhes, La.
C. L. WALMSI EY. R. M, WAIMSLEY a
C. L. WALMSLEY & CO,
COTTON FACTORS P
-AND-- a
GENERAL COMMISSION MERCHANTS.
Perdido St., New Orleans, La.
March 25-ly.
Oscar Chopin;
COTTON FACTOR
-AND-
COMMISSION MERCHANT,
No. 65 CARONDELET ST.,
July I -Iv New Orleans.
F. T. IIansell,
(JAMES A. GRESHAM. Manager)
30 .....- CAMP STREET......30
NEW ORLEANS, LA.
PRINTERS, OOKSELLERS
-AND
STATIONE RS,
And publishers of the
, LOUISIANA ANNUAL REPORTS
VOL. 28 & 29.
All 4iud of LAw, MEDICAL and ScuootL
Books sent by mail.
Ie Address as above,
Lock box 847, New Orleand.
T. S. FOSTER JR.,
WITH
ORR & LINDSEY
--MANUFACTURES AND JOBBERS
BOOTS and SHOES.
ST. LOUIS, MO,
July 14-6m.
I. D. WORRALL,
WITH
'SIMMONS' HARDWARE CO,,
-IMPORTERS OF
H BARD WARE I CUTLER r
ST. LOUIS, MO,
July 11-cm.
I.. C.ASPARI. M. DIETI TCIl. Ti
Caspari & IDietrich, ,o,
t.aeroste Building)
AN 1) 5
FRONT St., NATCIIITOCIIES, La. FRAcU
WITNk
GRAND opening of a NEW MAMMOTH ERI.A
SPRING and SUMMER STOCK, ofW
direct from the New Orleans and Easter mar- Dnemo
kets, consisting in'part of atid l:
t ailsls
DRY GOODS, the 1,
CLOTING, Coimn
city st
1 .TS, ite p;
l'OO'S, at \V(
SHOES, befirt
GROCERIES, Ellis
CROCKERY, Repre
HARD- Stanh
WARE, &c, &c. field,
to cht
LADIES AND GENTS'
FURNISHING GOODS. puri
In tact,
A full line of GOODS for the count:: t.r:le toit lI
All of which they are selling at less thau NEW AmeiI'
ORLEANS I'PRICES tof ll
FOR CASI. c" !.il;
Call and examine the largest and most con:
pletestock ever brought to this market and Itns S
satisfy yourselves as to their prices. D)ebnS
-V Highest price paid for Cotton and cour agrd
try produce, in cash or merchandise. to 11
March 2---ly. Legi
tlat I
-M: H. CARVER. ......si
FRONT STRIEET, budy
Natchitoches, La. ly el(
i For the FALL and WIN- it I
CorrU
TER Trade. " no in
NEWV GOODS ! a"Rit
New Goods ! ! on3
TfHE entire stock is better and more cold
select than any every introduced into He i1
this market, anrd having been purchased lous
with CASH, can be sold lorwer than the dark
loirest. bag
td The Motto of the Firm is to sell theml
fe red
CHEAPER TIIAN TIlE CHEAPEST. nfIo,
T Call and examine our stock, which his o
- consists in part of ed at
CASSIMERES, orm
JEANS, but 1
rTWEEDS, of tit
tKERSEYS, lean
PRINTS, any
BROWN & BLEACHED COTTONS, polil
LOWLLS opqt
LADIES' DRESS GOODS, elen
TRIMMINGS, plea
BLANKETS, T
Woolen Goods of all kinds. coot
D- BOOTS, dBut
I, SHOES, Pac
LADIES' and I.ENT'S. HI '\TS De)
Clothing, a full anl : ,iniplete Assort cur
ment. Vot
Crockery, Hollow & Wil- D,1
- low Ware. tie
A fiull line of FANCY and FA.MIL v'tt
GROCERIES, WINES, LIQUORS. &C. car
Books, Stationery, &c., &c. Jc
In fact
A FRESII and select stock of goods always in
on hand, which having booeen purchased on I
LET a cash basis enables us to otfler extra induce- t
ments to cash buyers. i
Hljghest cash pricepaid for cotton and other Sp
produce, and liberal advances made in cash St
merchandise on consignment El
orlMarch 5--lr. Iha
S. hi
Foranier Proprietress of No. 7 Ar
Cartondelet Street fat
NEw ORILEANS, LA. of
S[TAS removed to No. 4 Baronne Street, 8
Il Corner Canal. Hteing very thank- a
ful for p:a't favors bestowed by her he
countty friends, andi eslecially those of m
the Red River parishes, shl now solicitfs wv
Sa continuance of their patronage, and lit
having better fiacilities and the finest u,
located house in the City, she holies by t.
proper care and attention to seNtre fhli
* patronage of her friends nadl th: ,puhlie.
The low rate of $1.50 pr'r d;ay is charg
ed for Board and Lodging.
A.. E. mi.eznee,
.30 .
"NOTARY PUBLIC.
S(Office under Vindidator Office,)
ST. DENIS STREET,
NATCHITOCIIES, LA.
April 29.- ly.
TS JOSEPH C KEYSER,
IIoo L Brickmaker and Layer.
ITS PREPARED to do all work entrusted d
UB. to him quickly andt in a workmaulike a
manner. Tonbl, Chimneys, Cisterns and ,
other work solicited.
Orders left at BULLARD & CAMP
BELL'S will be promlptly attended to.
Jan. 27, Iv.
o. Shaifrat,,
SBoot and Shoe Maker.
1HALLENGES the world for neatness
Sand durability of work. Satisfacti'
and material guaranteed
ShoDan St. Denis St. I
NOTICE.
PARIIsH OF NATCITITOCIIES,
State Tax Collector's Office,
This office is now open for the collec
tion of LICENSES and TAXES, due the I
Sr State and Parish.
L. N. LANE,
Office on St. Denis St. Collector.
Ma.Y 2t tt:
THE LOUISIANA INIQUITY.
How I)e Faito Hayes Hopes to Save
Wells andl Anderlon, - -nx
South I
ANI) SI:PI'InEs Ti E EVIDENCE OF II ouse,
FRAUIDULEN TITIIE--TE MOUTHII OF
WITNESSES TO lIE CLOSED WrTII FED
States(
El\AL P.\'-E. A. BURKE'S MISSION.
Washington, Sept. 2---E. A. Burke hero, i:
of New Orleans, who managed the
Democratic cainpaign in that city, -)i
and liid charge of some of the de- iana h:
tails of the 1)emocratic case before ton wit
the Senate and House investigating
Comnmittees, has recently b(.en ill this ti
city several days. Burke enas one of -Cr
the parties to tie Ifaiods coiference the efti
at Wornlley's Hotel in this city just
before the completion of the electoral temptl
count, at which Senator Gordon, and house
Ellis and Levy, two Democratic -TI
Repr.esentatives from Louisiana met
Stanley Matthews, Jas. A. Gar
field, and other Hayes Republicans, frauds,
to obtain fromn thlem an understand- thiroug
Ing as to wlhat (corse Hayes would -Jl
plsm, toe iotd Louisiana and South
C'aloliia if he was counted in. An charge
ag I(c nert ,.ras made in writing and with t
lotru.*, aI~ lni ke. The alailon- i says
nelll t I': .I.tl d agild the ire(, :ilion the 1 oi
o f t h1 . .N i c h o l l s , 'ov ' l J 0 elr t 1 1 ,º s 1i1 ; I -
0~,141an1e( with tills ilgi.eull i, i, d - Fi
B,,Ike acted in co,, .ert ',,t I tti t(, 1,i
ill ln MacV ,gh i lllllln i:i ll:\ ; ('11h
g as sent to New Orleans to Iasis the
Democrats in capturing emingh Pack- TI
ard members of the l'gislliate stiriir
to make a quorum of Returning Board
Legislators, and thus enable the corn \e lI
missioners to Ireport to the President of a la
that there was but ,ne legal Legis- _
lature ill Louisiana, and that that
body recognized Nicholls as the legal- others
ly elected Governor. ident'i
Burke is not a native of Louisiana, remov
but went to New Oileans during the --H
corrupt Warmoth regime, and held
an important otlice uuder the chief of the C
carpet-bag knaves. Subsequently the S
Burke acted with the Warmoth re- the cii
formers in 1872 ; and when Kellogg -
was counted in, lie was left out in the
cold by the regular Republicans. Bench
He is a smart, active, and unscruy- by thl
Ious politician, who had learned the Drum
dark and devious ways of the carpet
bag villains by his association with or ex
them during Warmoth's rule. He of- -T
fered his services to the Democrats, the w
who, in order to fight the devil with Jur
his own devices, accepted his protfer- \Jury
ed assistance. So long as there was a Wells
formidable liepublican organization sees i
in Louisiana Burke was tlerated, roami
but not respected by the great mass
of the respectable people of New Or
leans. Now that there is no longer York
any lepublican party in Louisiana, butie
lurke naturally looks out for a new lare
political organization with which to °
oppose the decent and respectable -I
element of New Orleans, which he is have
pleased to term the Bourbon faction true,
of the Democratic party. f
The MacVeagh commission was
constantly assured by such fellows as
Burke and Jack Wharton that, if the
Administration would abandon the
Packard Republicans, a split in the Lo
S Democratic party wonud naturally oc- Vine
t cur before another general election have
was hehl, and that a liberal party have
would be organized which would that
take off enough of the lower class of a lin
Democrats to give them, in connec- with
tion with the negro voters, control of fro
the city ; and a preponderating negro has 1
Svote in the districts this new or Ad- gical
ministration party woeld be able to, dep
carry the State. The appointment of I
Jack Whnrton to be United States teles
Marshal was in accordance with this I t:
programme. Burke still claims to be Ivctc
in full accord with the Democrats, non
ce- and announced, when here a few days gad
ago, that hlie w'ould manage Judge equ;
her Spof,rd's case this fall before the sitic
as Senate Committee on Privileges antd cot
Elections; but, at the same, he lad sole
had interviews with tie President and witi
- his friends, and assured them that all ke
Swas working well in Louisiana. the
7 Among other things, hie told the de Gas
facto Presideut a most welcome piece the
of news, if it only proves true. He i na
said that tile prosecution of Wells Rlu
and Anderson would not be pushed, ge
l,, because an arrangement had been wil
if nmade by which the witnnsses, who si
cits were to prove that tile forgeriesin sui
and I he returi s from Verton parish were Sil]
5nt ;ohe to the oider of Wells, would h u
t.y : restify. Without these important Ts
tir .it 'n s Bi -k- said the ease against r
.1i, . .:d Anderson could not be Se
arg- , anlld lihe Atto riy General ha
- l lie nmlnllletl d to e;ter tn ll in
o:,equies in their case.. lie was 1
asked whlethler or not tihere wVereil
other witiiesses in New Oileans who in
' could prove still mior thani the for he
geries In the Vernon Parish returns, i
and he admitted that thene were a ul
score of nmeln who had nmniufactulred ti
tile testimony for tilhe visiting states
men and the Returning Board, and t
hlie advised tlhat these fellows be takeni
care of, as Wells and Anderson de
L, manded tby dismissing the Hlerwig
crowd from the Custom-house and ,
giving the dangerous gang their pla
ces. Thus strongly re eiforeed, the i
sted demands of Well and Anderson will
ike of course be respected. Indeed, Shler- c
and man never thought of not respond- b
Sing to the denmands of the ex-Presi- at
dent makers, bat hie wanted the pres- ,
to. sure to be great so that hlie would not
have to insist that the discharges ,
should be made in tile face of the
civil service rules. Just how tihe pro
r. gramme which vwas agreed upon will
be carried out is not known yet, but
eeof course there will be a commission. tl
t Ha3es does nothing without a com
mission.
An exchange says that hbats intro
ES, duce bed-bugs in dwellings. 'Ne
never were in a dwelling where the t
ollec bats did anything of tilhe kind. All
e the the bed-hugs we me ihaCte met have seem
ed perfectly well acquainted and
Sfamiliar without waiting for ~bat or
ior. anybody else to introduce them.
NEWS NOTES. fensiv,
- tle li
)ontestic. ' ad (pr
- -Ex State Senator Lawrence, of ti e In
South Carolina, died at the Ilowald tfroe
HIouse, Ialtimorel. dispe
--M. Thiers, the great Republican We ta
Statesman of France is dead. captr
-Morton, indiana's bloody shirt 30,000
hero, is growing worse. Lal
-District Attorney Lacy of Louis. say
iana has been scont for from Washing- jsma
ton with regard to timber deprada- 1'
tions in this State. itr the
-Crazy Horse died Sept. 6, from Iloo0.
the effects of injuries received in at w
tempting to escape fromi the guard Lon
house at Camp Robinson, I T. corres
-The New York Aldermanic Com- ki I
mission is investigating the old ring enfoic
frauds. Wm Tweed was examined have
through counsel. againi
-Judge Bladley denies in too the tu
charges against him ill connection just b,
with the Electoral Cornnission. le
says he neither read nor expressed Par
the opilnions charged to Judge 'Field. ing a
-Fire in Chicago, New York and
r.,ok , :., with large losses, are re- order
po tel . nient
-The South Catolila peopIle are
stirig the th ieves up inl that State. with
We hope to soon chlionicle the caging enact
of a large nulnber of tlhse scioundrels. The 1
no pa
-Collector Jones of Chicago and to tlt
others refuse to resi'n at the Pres- he is
ident's request. They insist he shall iiit&ii
fortint
relmove.
-Raphael Siniuns, late Admiral in
t the Corfederat navy, commannder of Tlit
the Sumlpter and Alabama, died in lates
the city of Mobile last week. at Mt
er pu
-The vacancy in the Supreme in ge
Bench will, it is understood, be filled flock(
by the appointment of either judge hardi
Drummond of Ill., Judge Hunt of La., saw I
or ex-Secretary Bristow of Ky. marc
-The Shreveport Times demnends throw
the whereabouts of the Orleans Grand
Jury in the matter of Anderson and t I
i Wells indictments. That Ijournal blow
_ sees danger to free institutions in the imtakt
roaming at large of these malefactors. mcist
-D)avenport, one of the great New on
York cntorl, ditd lately and was the i
bum ied on the 2d inst. Iis funeral was the I
largely attended.l
S--It is repotted that the Democrats dese
is have carried , California, which, if bute
t true, secures a Democratic Senator any
from that Stare. be h
is FOREIGN. otile
othe
1e War News.
te London, Septemnber (.-The Tinmes' vict,
e- Vinena dispatch says the Russians ou
in have abandoned upper Lorn lines and t
tY have withdrawn their right wing on Pari
Id that side, which was at Poppskoi, to nani
of a line where they can keep in contact cti
e-S with the forces guarding the road
f from Osman Bazaar. Mlehemet Ali f t
o has thus gained an undoubted strate- d
d- ,gical by his victory at Karrasan. All dos
"to dtepends on how lie will use it. to r
of Th'I'le )aily News' correslpondent fr
os telegraphs from Gorgor, Septetuber ict
'is Ist: The Turks, as the result of their o
be victory at Karrasan, occupied a large i
ts, mountain forming the key of the HRas
S gad position and coninanding alniost
ge equally in the Lorn antd Russiani po
ie sition at Obaka and Gagona. The f
nd correspondent says they are acting 'l'le
ad solely on the defensive. The Czaro
nd witch will have little diliiculty in nt
all keeping his present line intact with e
a. thle possible exception of Inss of the Ier
te Gagoi positiou. (n the other hand1 l
CC thel Tiiks are nl uch too strtcig' to be b1
H inactive in tile face of an int'trior
lls Russian I'oic a111 the cIhaliCes are th
ei, great that the valley of Kaia Lorn rat
3en will soon be the theatre of a dCci
rho sie battle of lairge Iproltortiolns. A
S subsequent telegram shows thle IRus
ere silans evacuated Gagova. The Times'
ul Bucharest correslondeut says the
ant Turks and Egyprtians lrlsnrltl| them.l'.
ist Th'le Tiiles' Ilhlharest di latch of
be Septemnber 5th, ay.s oautuInial rains I
ral hive beg'n-n-it rained conutinually nli
le since last night.
S London, Slept. 6.-The Russian dC
ere I success at Lovatz Ildaces Osmnan Pasha a
v in the awt kward ipsition of havinig
for- hosti1 forces on bhih flanks. Either ce
ens, i defeat at Pleva or attempted with- Ii
re a draw;ln might result in the destruc- i
red tion of his army illelss lthe Russians
tes are cnompielledl to weaken thie force on
anti thaiit silde in order tco niet Meilenict's
ke advalueo fro:U lRasglrad. The I:ltter
de- seenls to pI)h', tilhe Czarowitch iin a
wg osition very siiilar t Osman Pash- a
and s. If Turkish a'COIl Ints may be i
la- trusted, and thlley seCc to be coltirl'- t
tle ed in these parlicullars by Russian ad t
will mission, the Turkish fi-'ce has cross
lher- ed tile Loian and reached the neigh- "
ihd- bothood of P'olalarka. These corps
resi- ar understood to be operating
pros- against Biela, but they jeopardize the I
not whlole Russian campaign cast of Gan
rges sea as well..as communication with t
the Tirnova.
pro- Bucharest, Sept. 6.--An important
will engagement ilas f;ught near lRust
but clhnk yesterday morning soon after
sion- the Russians commnenced to bomnbard
CO" that city from Stolbosia. It was re
plied to lby the Turks. The cannon
ade lasted all day yesterday and con
tr- tinued to-day. The garrison of
Widin has been raised to the strength
'ae of 000 men in consequcence of the
e the threatening attitude of Servia.
All A Battle Before Plevia in which Both
seem- Sides Claimn the Victory.
and Constantilnople, Sept 2--Osmn Pa
at oi sha telegraphs from Plevna. Aug 31.
a: follows : "We have made an of
fensive reconnoisanee in force against A
the llussian fortified iposition at Pliceh-- W\
ad (prohinhly PIlishal of the maps), icnrrint
five miles ea:t of I'levl ,n, and el l inco ; slituti
tercd the enetny half an hour's reach II('aus,
fromi P1ichad. After two hours' c'n iil
desperate lighting thl enemi- y lied.
\Ve carried thlree rtedoubtts by assault, I les'nl
captuired a gun, mliany horses aiul all adi
armls. The iRussians, who numbered opinit
30,)0(), lost heavily, we slightly."'' di of e
Lonidon. Sept 2.-A Hussiani official The Al
idispatch, dlated (,oriy-Sindin, Sept. other
say : "All is quiet toward Hnustchuk, amenliid
Osina-Blazar, Lotsc~lha, and the lal- iltil]
kan Passes. There was lightin be- pIe, all
fore PIlevnia on Aug. 31, ft'ron 8 o'clock inse
in the morningl until 1 in the fiter- ing a
noon. 'The Turks untleritd 25,1I1)0, this tit
alnd were reliulse.d aloing tho whole We
line. The Russian loss wast;0(O." five an
Londont. Se. St 3.--The hStandrtrd's hlst e(h
corresponident with the Turks at Ship- Itodly i
ki Pass telegrapllhs unlder date of Fri- i - mleth
day miorniniig as follows : "L'arge re- The
enl'foceteients aind several tlortars matid
have arrived, and decisive aitioi, ltnend
agaiinst the last l{Russian position will sl-,i'
ihe uaitidettaken shortly." ( thir tIle- thov i
grains say tllhat the IRussian-s also have I ol'rt
just been rtCeenfo cctl. no oni
Thiers' Funeral. t itaili
Paris, Sept. G. - Madan Thi ris havi- icnts
ing accepted an ofticial funeralll l for the lieg
her Iiusbaldl only on condition oft' feat th
being liherself allowed to arrainge the Alie
order of the corteg'. The gvi'ten-ii
iiit has decid(ed to annud the de- tetoti
crees published yesterday ordering a the coi
stato funeral as it caiinnot displense so girC
with Ilie execution of the existing recient!
enactulents regulating cereimionies. i :ta
The governmenti will, thirefuioe, take Iis
no part in the funeral beyonid paying e
to the decoased the honor to which lion t h
lie is enititled, as lie has lbeen a dig- Itg tit
nitary of the Legion of Honor anti ed. i
firierly chief of State. rItourit
A Nevada lotel's Guest,;.
Thie Viiginia (Nev.) Euteirprisc ri- 1 C.i
lates this of "HBob Iowlaind's hotel," has he
at Meadow Lake: "Bol, had noi soon- authot
er put up his sign than his old rl in- i a
intg and pIrosptectinlg aiuainta;nces was
Ilocked to his standard. 'hey could
hardly believe their eyes when they oxaih
saw Blob's name on the sign- it seem- bond
ed almost too good a thing. In they await
marched by twos and fours, andl Iistri
throwing their blankets ad other )irine
ps into the corner, advanced with Iand
a Hello, Bob. you infernial old thief oflice
If I ain't glad to see you may I be factio
I blowed!' They tllen pltoceeded to to ret
nmake themselves at hotle, 'ntevr this
missing a meal and never paying a rove
cent.' The butcher tinally shut dlllowni
"on meat for Bob's btoarding-liouse, lie ,
s the millkman sihut down on milk, and him L
the halket"r shut down on lirtiad. Bob eatti
expllaiiicdtl te matter to his lodgers, i
who to a man swore they would not Iint
s desert him. They would whiip the cittil
if butcher, the milkman, the baker, or ,) tf
any other man Bob wanted whipped, est fu
and if no meat, milk, or bread could
be had, they would worry along on
boiled cabbage and potatoes, or any I)i
other cheap stuff that could be had. to kis
Edward Reed, colored, was conl- cals
victed of Murder, at the May term of Indil
iour District Coutrt, and was scutenti- mites
d ed to bI hilung. llo yet linigeiss iu our Coni
n Parish Jail, and no day hias yet, beetn oie I
to naced by the Executive for the exe- -I.
ct cution. Surely amplle lime ha:s been Ii
d wastedt to do sonllhing in the case himi
i of this uinfortllnlate hillmaln being, and Tot
L'- red tape antd delay slholtl cotie to a hluni
close. 11ie has long been ai ,xpense Sit lfi
to the Plarish, andl it his ease lie one tiure'
t ifor Executive icnterltsition, why not rode
tr act and let hiim be scut to Blttiti Iis t
r Rouge. Such delays are not onlyI ! rjii
g crimital, l int expensive and inhuman. rattS
-Alexatdria Democrat. cat
.t - - .iliii
0- We uittd(letstanit thaint there ar a ,t It
e few cases of tyIhloid fever reported. ,as
SThere are a inumber of baciyards in toty
a filithy condition. If the back yards ai cc
i antl cisterns of Alexa:tndria werle kept dotz
ithi cleai, thele woild he no sickness
heIrc. This is nalturally a healthy ii
i lac,. T''vllloid f'cvrr is genrated its
eby beathing fiul air atid drinkkitig we
l- impure water. \Ve itvoke theIi aid of tiit
l- the city aulltorliticts aill( tlhOe col,-oC- lot
ot ration of the cpeoplt, to briing al)out Cd I
Ci- '1 good sailitaly condition.--lRaiihies 'iqi
Gazette.
e The 1,ileitt has l-in oeit' tken ait
ie v diree isforite wi yet i its t
siwaddling clothes, atid its young life
has beein (larkied by a hle-ivy eloudt wt
The owner of the IICR aniid nlatetia l (1
tily with which the joiatt u as ptiinted Ihl,
Sdemanded his piroperty or pla\'melt tf '
tan certain price therefor, and the eii-e
sha tor being unable or uutwilling tt ac.i
ig celde to the tcrins. relonquishietld tthe
press and tpIt'. \c unihdestaid t lhat
Slie iltenlid to piuctlolre atthiehtr outfiti, t
lc- and iln tlhis ev\nI, tl te ublicialion of! LI
the 1'iyilant will ibe resumed. Mr.
t lt ynas t d shlo]lshio l lose ino ililo a ohiiltt
itt getting tildit' way agaii. his brief
i , a expeli clihe ilt the hetil field of D)on
l ldsoii\illo jourllismu diirhg tlhe
be past tfiw wcleks should convill:tc hitillt
tllhat the'e arl'to scv!leal iliildepeiidctt
fi- ortltunes lyiilg atirotin loose, iimitLilIg i
to fall into the hands of alcy iilalt oir i
i- iluntber of Itteitn whot will starlt (in or 1
i u more iewsllpt'trs hel'te. The great l
ti' wanit of this coniitllitity is newii'Sa
thpes-io italtter about their sizt,
Sstyle or older of na-iril; any tlhiig
-itl that is published stlui-occasioniially it
andl cnl be called a paper wili do, n
cvcn it it is edited wih the she.'rs, ki
t printed 1on a chliese press, with shoe- c
blacking ftor ink.-Chiif. s
A relminder of the late warilike
Sr- times is fmund iin the curentrt jok's.
tOn 'flue facetions mian catchels ujp withi t
conh Iis fiiclnd oni thie street keeping time
ivocally with, "Left, left, left; hlet
nti " ll wifel and foulertet childruu left, I
Sthe left, left."
Both As Geincral Tcherthelaoslemtnhe1uolfl' 1
was leaviung for the wars, his sUweet
1 Pa- heatt reiiatied to lhin, iu tears:
S3,. "Though I to more belhold tlet, yet I
i of- is thy name a ,pill."
A ('onlstit ut onil C'uonvention.
We have not yet taken part in the
erllrent discussion relative to i Co'n -
stittiional '1 Covent ion ; not, however,
hIeaause we have not ihad positive
contietilns on the question. That
nilly CIhaniges illn te li-atuiles of the
present t constitution shoul hd be made.
all admhit; but somine difl'erences of
opinion exist tas to the nIo(#Ii8s operall t
dii of etl'ctilg the changes needed.
'I'The Alexandº i i I),l ocra+t and somel
other papers think that the iequisite
anlllilmhlents Ilny he seured bly lsul
litting thelini to the vote of the pei
Iple, and by so doing the great ex.
peniise aid luestionable policy of caill
ing a Constitutional Conivention at
this timie will be avoilded.
We tlhink the di,:astroius fate of the
live iamendments voted upoll a tlihe
last election onglit to satlisfy e;very
body iof the iilrliacticaility, of such
a mietlhol of au leidnient.
Thet d-nlaigies of l t hih part lies
mlade a handle of these piopoeml
,ltiienidiinenits inl this Upaish, anid we
suillppose elsewhere ill the State, and
they will do so in the futurte if the
opportunity be again oflfred. It was
no ilncollnlliOn thing here, to find pol
itici.ans thAt halld favored the intend.
ienlts antid elped briig tihetln beforo
the people, woiking secretly to de
feat thetI, by issuing tickets broad
cast against them.
And then, if several anmendnlents b
S lllllitt'li to Vit':, at thet' Salie till'e,
the coinfusion conlseqlent scenits to ll,
so great, at least in tihe case of those
recintly submnitted, hat. the lBoard tof
('alvass ls Canllnot reach a conclusioni
as to hiw lithe vote was cast.
We think a Coistitutionilll Conven
tion the only niethod of accomplnillsh
illng the changes inpetatlively demllland
ed. Of these changes we shall have
much to say ihierealtei.-Opilousus
"t'ourier.
F- nalM the city paper we learn that
C. (G. Pages, 1Postlmaster at this city,
hlas been arrested by the United States
authorities oilt lhe tcharge' of fulllish
oI ai r forged hoil forl 11,0(00. 'Page
wli s brought before Conlnuissioner
Southworth onilt Moiiilda, waived all
examina ntion and in detfalult of $5000
bond was sent to tjie Parish prison to
await trial before tlie United States
r )istrict Court. Pages' has` always
1I borne a good character in this city,
i and since lie has been in the Post.
Sotliee here has given general satiy
faction to the people, and we regret
to record the fact that ie has got into
tlthis selions troullle. If it can be
n proven that lihe willfully plierpetrated
the (,il'elce that is; charged agailist
lhin he should he lpunishedl to lhe fiill
Sextent of the law, hbut until this f:act
has beeln iproved iigaiiit hin, jiudg
t iig fromi his past good coniidct, tte
e cannot help believing that this is a
consllpiracy, into which Le has fallen,
Sty the luich rilg t liwho are his bitter
' est foes. [ liatonl Hong e. Adviocate.
tnOur friendii of the Vindicatlor wiants
to knaow "if tihree ciats alticatch thiree
rats in three minutes, how manly
ti. cals ill it reqlilre to catch one
oif hnldred rats il one hulltdred tlin
c. tites ?' If the onlte hlundred talls are
ul cnvenlient we imitlagile that about
, one hundlired cats nall do thlie bhusiness.
e. - iation IRouge Advocat.
'Il The editor's imagilnation has led
se him astray on a simple propiortili.
id To catch oneo hllinired rats in oneio
a. hiunded initUtes i'e idely riq iiires a
se sifltici i Iin lvei olft' Ihe "le liilie crel
nio til'es to ('aplittire it average ot oiO
on1 rodeii petr ftinute ; :nil this uinnlser
m is thiown by thle statenieat of Ihe
iu i rileti. If tlhree clats catclh thirei
it. iits in tlitee! tnillites, crqo, lireeo ratll
catch i ie on it. iin ite iiliillte,, or 11o
li nlr'ed rIats ill olie liln l'tdred lilllintes.
- At liist. htiishi this orilhmhni is about
•d. ,I:s o flills l ;i8s its moo ,l . a cit ltli jpt.e
iu totlype: Ifachitken iltnld a half costs
ids a ceit ail a half, hlow tuitlch ,will a
't ldoCin chickees ucst ? -- [Chiief.
hiv ColiN is itade tiind cotiton IuHs doiIe.
elit its best. l"riiii all lhe statlesnijnlts
tiof tiols of Ihlt tiiish the cori crop has
he- iott ttrlitl not as well as was expect -
ott ed t Wlio mnonth lagl ; yet a sitlicient
des ilnnimtity htis lieten miaie to hrlail the
iarish. Cotton has ieen it'ailing 'V -
rih tusl t killet' the dr illh i I t 'otlnlh t Cii ei td
t anil w.'ill not pt'oduce+ t,a1' the quiln
It. lit.' ,if sta le Ithait was ;ati first ex
li.fe i e'cted. It has sled ol' a' gireat deill
Ild Itla I id siliiit, entt irel\ i st vo l gro wingifi,
- a whi "le t ie wortsll t l i tlll ih lista ditgL
ac- Now Ihali't the titling o' the Suiretme
thai Court of itiis state iilioni th It.utilt iii
,+; thi el'ction on Nov. 7, 1 71t shows
hi hat tive electin held i o this Parish
. hais bee i cliaeteiuiued by fraud and
ut ' oss vioilativiivs of Ilaw hi, whiet h cer
riu t al paLt.ties were et iiclllirioaiei elected,
,ih decent i' espect for the law nnd luuih
t h i oieln "onhi .icit the tie nailpublib'
dei et o the 11o1icc Jury, ltldihig their po
iting sitiol by virtue ut' the v'ott's of dead
It o uteri, toitiity yonvicts, zc., to
ni ll at once resign their oflice, aol retIre
(lgreat n) iblbh v .. -[..h.. ibedx 1-... C -
hing I ., Ci iii iiiat i l1iioer Iden let, a liied
tilly t o , cvstolllr tol a letter cit' lecto -
I do, tuieiidation ol0i cettiili brhJdilih of whis
ierlis, ikey It he haid iecetitlv soldl hiitii. The
shoe- cllstOlller wrote: "I have tited all
soits of iiisi'ct liOiSoii, and Iiid nonii
equal to 3 our old cabinlet wh.liskec."'
arlike . - .
jokes. A lllnoii.  wranit has lhitee isots,
with triplets, aged flourteen, wiiu arte sil
titne anicl iilike that the luitdlord lit the
; eft hotel \where she stops i only chaigea
left, hl"c boalld for oie 1 ,oy.
I'" is liei iouilSlt'e i lit v I llk fr
adol1f ran'ten,:nts fr is~suting a tIt-thlhlr
-weet- gol coii, iand the whilhe thing hllos
tears; like: tn tinder-hlie dei. atI ' ti i , ieI p.,
'c, yet gold eatirety beyonid the re;ech I)!
III l l p pll 'r III t ft