raperotthe Parish and Citº efeachitoeIhes
itS. {I. - IJC, E l t ie.
S AT I'l:I) , l', )C I,1- .
Srtate Prinil Inn;.
The state lonad of P'ublic I'rint
irtg, comIos'edl of thie Governor, Lt.
(Governor, Speaiker of the Ilouse, t ae
Senators anuid two Iº' p ese iniita .
met the other tliy to centract wtithi a
Public Printer for the State, as the
law directs. Speaker iIth i h intro
red u "hid" resolution: that is, lit
proposed that the l1.ar shoni 1 awret
the State printiig ti th lie Itvest bid
4 pr, ponl a call fur se:aled proposals.
The printing la.. Act "It, regular
,Sessiron Ir77, states that the saidc
Board "shall bhe, an d are hereby an;
thirized to conatr(rtit at rU aIoiNIhle
rate, not to( exceed theii PIriices liere
inafter nam ted, witIi such( person as
they may consider proper and re'pon-a
Bible, to do and peifirm all the print
ing andt pithlishingi. of h:iat ev-r ina
ture," necessary for the use of the
General Asse ndbly, &c. This clause
Speaker Bush tells us, nieans thlat
scaled proposals shall Ihe adverutisedl
for, aind a Pu blic Pu inter selectedl
who will be the lowest bidilde.
That the clause q toted admits of
Aschi C instruetion, contorted as it
Iay l, nve muost positively deny :
and that the law means what it sa;i
in S) mahny words, we have the dle
bates on the umensure to show.
On February 2lIthl 177 Mr. George
from the commnittee on pbiillic prinlting
reported froi at cota inmittee nuiinir- -
ous amenldlments, amlong whIich it was I
recommended thait, "after the would
responsible" in line :33 should be in
aerted the following words: "'after I
the consideratiiion of such Iproposals as
may be r-cetred by tIhemI." This,
had it been adnlopted, wouldl have al
lowed the Boaird to have received
bids, and at the same timne would have
given some shadow for Mr. Bush's
strained construction, but it uw'<s ioted
down by Ithe Senate. The very title of t
the act contains no such intention as (
Mr. Bush would have it to contain, e
and the Constitntion expressly insists Ii
that the title shaill show the contenits v
of all bills.
The printing excepted fromn this is t.
plainly stated in thie Inav, for it pro ti
vides that bids inay be received for s
work for the Auditors otlice &c., but n
it is impossible to ring such a can " it
straction upon the tilst clause of the
bill. i
The debates on the bill took a wide "
scope, and it wasi proven that tl.e hid nII
system was the most outriages of all, %
because the bids were iniade without 1tl
regard to a fair compensation for thie Ib
work; were, in fact, put in at ruinous i
figures; at amounts that could not nor it
woeld not pity for their comnposition. 4
And why t Simply becaunnse the ob- tl
ject was to secure the contract cat lany it
price, and thie Legislature was expect
ed to wake up the loss and give t(ie
contractors their protit through dc/i
cieicy bills. This has been ilone tiumie hi
and again in this 8tate anil it is Mir. li
Bush's bisiness to know it. To stip, Ci
this demand from impecunious public It
printers was5 one oliject in fixing a fair Ii.
rate for the printing andi selecting a hP
person, both proper arnd responsite to Ii
do the work. Iii
And besides this. Act -19 as passe.], h'
was intended for a purpose wvhich eiv- 10
ery Democrat in LouisiamnC hrtlfectlV tc
anderstood and which was made pub
litt iroughu their represeu tat ives and '
preserat the time iof thie (liscussion hid tn
ptassage. For a long time the pCotle
finlghit Radicalisrm without the aid of tlu
a met roipolitlan journal pubilslied in re
tho Euglish language. The tilul Buld
ela in 1874 retlected their views, buti
it was forced to succumb from want cr
of patronage. The Times nud Pica- in
yuue, both owned and colitlolled by I
those who were nill thing but ftieils 5
of popular liberty in Louisiamna, play- tlh
ed contiinally into the hiandis of the iP
enemy. They were in fact of more to
ue tqoRadihcalila than to the people. w
This fact was recognised fi-onm one endl t
of Lousiiaia to the other, and MIr. 1o
Bush, Governor Nicholls or no one bi
else can deny it. This vant of a re- a.
prgentative paper in New Orleans tIi
was sapplied by the Denocrat and to
that paper the people iiltenlled tIke pub- ml
lie printing should be firen atf/air es- *
tablished rates.
1k
The rates fixed by law are not one
cent in elcess ofa fair and honest coit
pensation for the work, and are much a
less than private individuals have to
pay for idvertisiag, und Chit' attempt to
cover up this under an interpretatiou lii
by which to get cheaper work and th
sae msoney for the people is simply
bosh, because wv have e shown wh-re rt
tbis saving ends when we cite the de
ficiency dodge, as practiced by thesett
biddiog contractors from time imlue
morial in this as-well as other States.
"Our people construe this strained ta
ab
interpretation into an intention to de
priie the Democrat of the position of I
State Printer and otfcial Journal, and
obl
wS warn the Board of the danger ot
saos a game. No doubt tlhe Picsaune tu
owned by WYarnoth, and the Timea
aned by Clinton and Kellogg would Sol
sait some people as "democratic or- to
gAu"M? but the great mass of Loiisiau- bnu
iaus bave somethiug to say io the the
Irtter* Iti
Let this Priniiitiing Board do what
Ithe law tils thent they can do. Let
the rates provided to be paid by law,
Sthemll ia~ltraetwhh (tl ile DciiiOCraf att
Ili the people will he satistied. I1'
ithey desire to elect another printer
than the !?cnioeira, contrary to the
;i7. wishies f tihe demtocratic parity, let
then, have the mnlaliness to do So and
let them not attempt to dodge so plain
_t- :II issue belainid lthe miserablle subter
L] it e oft 'eaniling for hits.''
('onstitutional Convention.
TA 1ºI editor ial in Last ,reek's i~sse
t a cif till I)Es:.r'.t, headed "W~arni.
the t"arnmenting on the till necessaltdy
tili navy expeii t' itiii e of tilt State 1ov
I. rnmnt ;r nt : ru ing the present
1 0 : t.lti tifr annum civil list charged
r'to n alo l u pioverished people, joist es
aitl i troi utter rain, aid anw he
ts. int); l s oi ut by the lax ctlleitirs,
loar t ( it e 1 I 7,o0t , irn 1 45i, whlen tlhe
peloople note happy and prospering:
;tl and inrsisting that the party in power
n- a rift in pait tv par excellence, sIho tid
rhlc at the earliest nitit ent gite the pe'
rlithe oppoltonity to remodel the organ
it. law, or else the echiefs would he
IIli thrown overhton;rtl antid others put ii
finl their plc'le's-appears to have given
at- great utfiee to a halt' dolten or so of
h-. % iry wti lI "r'telit lni'' lalet's anth is
th iiie fi ale citizens, sente t if thet ilil per
stnaitl t tendls of oar. We draw that
rice conclusion because, as their si bsºcrip
bait lion period expired just then, they
qed peretttptaiily dleclined] to renew Onele 1 ito'l an pººnll o 1c; h d
ill- a ! oDul h'l iness posittion be'sides,
said "he o'initi't af til it ; a dl an
of other, a most (xiclient gentleman,
it i hira ii e: te't n highly. a iai ied
(llly and sharply to our tretnhming
and b ish solicitor, ''No, sir! no. sir!
S no, sir ." Anil ;o on lull ett etern.
le Nilow, we egit't to ilose such siuhs
t libets. especially where wie ihave a
tlpersonail regiardl fior oIae, lased on
even a s ihoolhiy -a't n aititaiicie. it0t
fg we shall, inevert'le ss, pe asist in far
ra- t ing oiit the buhto en dlil ts of an
as h itliIt jol tlialist, in n iatters oef this
rd kind. W'e never vet eliti thie tknee
to puiblit' ten and pol iticians andt e
ni- re ton oid to begiin ntow. So, gentle
et'r men, good-hye ; the I)l:ur. 'itan very
as well get along ithtiout your names on
itsSubscription ist. Otheris, equallv
is, orthy aol patriotic t, will take their I
il- I p'lce.-1 ". (. iSuiiitlif Delta.
Ni We noticed sne olii f our exchiangies
vi' defending those otlicials who opposed
i's a Constitutional Co nveni)tion firot tihe
ed imputation of living interested in re
Of taining their high sal i ies, ittml now
as this settles that question beyond
II, cavil. Oautr f itiend of thie Dellta shoit I
ts have fijien the namcs of those oillicials
ts wholt acted in the manner reported. t Iit
The people of this State are the nas
is ters ; that it pit will he demontistrated
n to Democratic ollicials, should occa.
ar dion demand it, in as forceable a roan
it ner as it was done to those of ithe trad
1 icel persuasion. f
ti The iwh ite men in Loutisiana lare f
firtiily determined on a point which it A
le would he well these otlicials should n
d understand, as it may save tlhem a t
1, worild of trouble ; anti (hat is, (hut ,
tt they i I not lie robbed any lit nicket- (
ic by friend thiai by foe. The salaties
is now paid tofliciusin this State is (oth- n
>iinhg less thiat i'olterv, atid the peojde
e. so regard it. Hence (le necessity I1
i- (hat (hle ilcial sldltl tI Intiake uip 1h is r
ty mind to a change aid at once.
-u Iiol ocl iv a~rclt
re The Tax Collector's Duty.
i- We learn (hat some partIes, lvhio
tle have bt'et placed on (lie ilel inquent t
r. list fttr ntn -payment of State taxes, ,.
p tire utaler tle imnpressitni (hat tlie ci a
ic lector hlais tletite onarty powers in (ie I
irt ai.tter ; t hat lie Cant wait on (lie tax- s
a payer uiiil it is convenietnt to pa'-. hi
a it fact, tht (lie whle w power and p
mtitdea of collecting, as well as the dis- n
1, tnusenlent of the fitiuns collecteil, are i
lodgi't in tlie hands of the tax collec- h
( or, as litretofore. Ii
Our people surely have sint'red te
siffieiently trom ,jst such tax collec- y
iitors whit rni (lie ltusitness of their of
flies as a speculat tinaemhine, and
Sthey should be liete last to hint for its
return.
Under (ie law, (ite Tax Collector's a
t dities are imperalic ; lie lits itn dis
cietifinary powers whatever. His p
books ate open at all times for (ihe in
spectitin of this public; le is their C
servant and his work is siubject ti)
their criticism at all times, utnt in
, postptonutg ltie da3y for pa-ment of i
taxes, or in allowitig ne taxpayer pay 0
hient lie feels like it and fturcing fla n
1 other do sit Soat once ; that all be- pl
Slongs to radicail days, sod the law for
ebids hint 00 do it. AiI are treated
alike. They have eleve n tontiths it
tie twelve in which to pay taxes T
wit hout cost, after that tit tlie law (1
- makes it his duty to advertise and mlu
sell. l
That State taxation is high ; hiiylier at
than in any State in the Union, we ad- hi
e mit. We have democratic oflicials
no'w execnt ing a radical couititition,
which is grittding tie people to thite gi
duet. Onr Govetnors, state officials, sa
judges, parish officers, &c., are paid a
higheir salaries now in our poverty ap
tuan before (lie war ivhen we were lic
rich ; ant beiesse these oficers have
muil~ithpied three fold.
QOr duty is to siveep this constitu- po
tion out of existance; to construct one ret
dint wvill benefis Ithe people; reduce to
taainby cutting down salarues, thi
abolishing useless offices and curtail. etc
itig all tiecessary expenses. a'
Let us not abuse tax collectors for
obeying tie law but let us change
that law. There's the reniedy. Ne
Conklin of New York says that the
Soutliherit people have not submitted
to the 14th and 15th Armeudments
but that they have simply yiclded to
them for a time. Dogberry mark
this fellov 4down an ase..
The Vindicator.
The VINDwAToR grows in populari
ty as it grows olIer, and we feel a
piide in chronicling the fact. We
can assure our frieniids that it is no
little labhor to get up a readable paper,
so full of marked and choice features
as the Vlixi ti TrI~ro p1esents weekly
to its tlioiiusanid subscribers.
As a local Ipaper; as a political
*jouralt, we how to liotne il the State;
while for news, we furnish a full
e pitime of terse gleanilngs, so Ithat
our friends are fully soppli ed with
e e'ri imi port antit e vent which oceCnisas
soon through oni collmus Ias thIrough
city weeklies. One marked depart
0ent1 is our Religious columiiiin, edited
by the Rev. Mr. Hough, which will
tolm)m1en1i itself to and demand a pe
rusal from Christian, Jew and (entile.
Th'lis lhas growInI to be one of the YI\
1)1 AToSI) most poplhar' features, and
has. we are ha;ippy to say, addled
,lreiatly to our circulation anId infin
This week we pres'nt our readers
witlh 1$ columns of choice reading
ma:tter, and that to, in small type.
liing, we venture to say, more than
treble the amonunt fo rnished by any
counlltry paper in the State.
It has been our aim from tIhe firist
to bIild up a paper second to none in
the State, anid we enn with confidence
ask oiii people to sulipport us to that
end. The VINDICAT.OR, to reach the
standl:1d we hav-e marked ont for it,
must needs have, not only thie c:are
andl attention of its Editor, but the
e: rnest support and co-opperd tion0 of
the peoplo whom it hais defendled in
the past, and will protect in *the fu
l tole.
It is reported that Governor F;lamp
ton of Southl ('arolina iintends recoi
mending to hid Legislative iiAgembliy,
this wiinter, that they pass a "'general
amnlesty" law, pardon ing ail the
Ihieves whlio have pinndered that State.
If hIe does this, we movre that the Gen
oral Assembly of South (Carolina vote
himi n leather medal at the same time.
hIn mpton's thieves ought to pIleand the
''agreement" and then get on the State
School Board, friom llichll exalted po
sition they could look down with si
lent contemipt npon the darned fools
who played patriot for nine years, and
endeavored to free their people.
That's the way tlhe thuig is done in
Louisiana.
Our friend Potts, of the Mansfiell
Reporter, warms up those D)emncrantic
fellonws who have got into the snnug
featlhered nests, lately ocenpied by the
great nnwashed repniblienn officials,
and now err out against being distur
bed in performing about the only thing
nature or art Ihas properly fittedl them
for-drawing hig salaries. These an
ti-Constitutional Convention fellows
are a precious nice lot. They expend
their time in slinging overbonrd four
hundred dollar clerks, cutting down
printers bills and liawing their own
pay-while they look big, and talk as
little sense as a booby.
Notwithstandiing the severe beating
the Demniocratic party hnas given to the
repuhlicans, the votes of the latter on
a political question are very solid.
This goes to prove the fact of the
splendid organization of the party of
hate, of fraud and opposition to the
people, while the democracy, iceally
and truly the poor mans hope and
shiicld, is led by a'set of nambly-panm
hys whose whole idea is to keep Conk
liug and Rhaine in a good humor and
to say nothing that would likely hurt
Mfr. Hayes' nice feelings.
In the name of an impoverished and
tnax-ridden people, we demand such
le-giintion in Jannary, as will secure
a reduction of the amnountof taxes col
Ieted commensnurate with the depres
sion in incomes andl the value of pro
perty.-Alexaudria Democrat.
And the Democrat don't want a
Constitutional Convention.
Tlinhursdany last wnas dcesignnted nas a
day of Thanksgiving and prayer by
Governor Nicholls. Onr people did
not obhserve it to any extent, but will
pray heartily to morrow.
Some of the lower parishles lhave
quit politics and .gone into religion.
This is a good thing; and they start
the ball withi a Sunday Law. In the
meantime, while the Democrats and
whites pray on Sunday, the radicals
and negroes are fixing up to prey on
the other six ldays of the week.
Moftett's Register, now used in Vir.
ginia to register the drinkR taken in
RalIoon l upOn Which the State levies
a tanx of 2& cents per drink, is being
agitated for tne in Louisiaona We
heartily favor the measure.
Effnglam Lawrence, as collector of the
port of New Orleans, is an earnest of the
return of \VWrmoth's stalwart republicans
to the ontaet. In other words, the era of
thievery will recur, but-the thing to be
stolen this time lies under the muzzle of
a "shot gun."
If we can build the railroad from
New Orleans to Shreveport, and by
this means get our folks in full line
withl markets both ways, we will be
perfectly satisfed: Hence the reason
we don't howl Tom Scott. And, speak
it gently, we're not in favor of dis
banding the democratic party to do
either.
[Couniulicate d)
MALNY, S. nINE P.l'tsl LA,
Nov. 26, 16 7.
a Edilor 'indicahtr :
re IDARI Sm- In my absence of abnhont
two wweeks, attendingl to t District Court
to in thlie parishi of Vernoin, I lost sight in
r, the ianetutei'e of your Correspoendlit
friomn this parish. (In liy return, in look
ing at your paperi I hfinl tlhat he has con
It tinned butting a.way at mar with as much
oltdulracey aind persistlency as didf the rain
at the mani. With your pemeruissiot, I
l desire Itow at this first ojpportunity to
f;lnotice the philiiipp ic f this miyste'rious
ill 1)1n Quixote against mue during may ab
semee.
It IIi*.:ing failed niost signally to make
ii good his clharges against the ITreasi rer
and Police .Jury of this p;arish, and seeing
is that his per veiriolis and gross falsehoods
hi weere so fully expositd that. he now takes
i tle tack track, and denies charging the
t 'olice .Jary with elishcnesty, stmiiedity
mil and igranº1'alce. '-Auegels amid minmister's
lof grait' eltthid its."' After Imaking these
ve'iy clharges, as his letterls will show, he.
- sides pre'frr'ing lthe rmost obfscencc and
a. pprlohions epithets to tlhose' getitntleme,
and findingg tihat he has been refuted and
exp osed inll his pierftiy, staunds up now
td ainti pleads not guilty. 'This conednet re
l sen ltfei the nserpentiine conise of the
reptile whiich v.ired in anid wired out
1- and left the people: still in doubt, wheth0
er the sinake that made the track was
goitg il or corniint back. The admiis
siens in hiis owit etter conevijts hiill, Iot
ig only of the miost glaring incotsistenlcies,
, but betrays a miost laiiI'ntaihle iginorance
of the law uJpon thle subllject of the Sn
1n pervisors claim, and the' action of
s" the Police Jury in regard to that
claim. and the t c. I ment of the
C'oiurt lupon the samne.e. e1 seem's not to
st understaind that a cihanige of a JudgUment
111)oni an appeal aionuits to a riversal itt
law, andl that the 'iolice Jury was by
,e law prohibited front paying any( debts of"
at fotrmier years, except withl thit revenuels of
those Years itt which the dept was coi
ic tracted, and under this law they cotdt
t, pay oult with tlhe revehtnes of that year,
,of 1x76, whtich they did niot have, and
therefore tnu i tit not pay the SipiervisorL
t - flaiimi, eveni withI lifty crents on the dollar,
if or any other atioitt. IHeI also involves
himself in an inexh'tricralle muddle 11t
I 'i coifodlltitg ilias oIf exceptions with
- thie issuesof defetnce aionl the tmerits of
the catnst, and pratets aspuat j1r'isdictiout.
registration and prescripttion, L th'e ionly
tmeaias of d''etnce, which hail nothing to
lo o itih the real issue in this ease, the
lev'y tani collection of a specidl tax ill
I currenlllltC'y. I repeit again that the Po
Slice ,tJury was f'ully Sustained by tile litw
Sandl tlhe Co'illIts upon the s lhject of this
celebrated cIaimt. I arn aisked to explailnti
P what addtitional diities have been re
Suired of the Tr easutrert. lUnder the' late
lrevenue hill it its muiit titt dlty of tlhe
tParish Treastrer to keei'p aII book in
e whict he shall tratse ile flrom tihe tax
Ciollector's hcnki the fnau's of the taxpav
el'', and the altionttit of their state atid
1 Parish taxes, antid make qa trterly retllns
e of the saIlite to the State Auditor. The
Police Jtrr as enot aware of this law
Sat the tune tile lhat tihey rednced the fes of
- the Treaiiurer, but immediately upon in
fotrmtationl thiote fact they i unaimoislyt
agreed for the commissions to rt'tain as
ii they were Pireviottllyi. 1esie, the 1Trea
Ssrier was retiired to provide thestatis
etis of the financial atla irs of tile Paristh,
atl prepare the report for the President
of thie Police Juryt to t ihe Auditor of
Public Accoun ts as ricittireld under the
Reveni e Act. He again betrays his ig
1 ioralce of the law iIi rlegard to the dtu.
e ties of the Police Jury in the appoint.
mtent of Patish Attorneys. This law is
imiperative, atlnd ulltelr outr systen oft
r criminal law, a Parish Attorney is indis
tpensable to its elifotreenI'tt and I plre
stlne tlhere is not it Parish in the State
ut what has compni lied with the law inl
thte aeppittm'nt of a Pirishi -Attorney.
I thuik J hlave now ccatri tish'w thaut
' the lice' Jry have irpedi'ctly ttih'c omie
with the law in 4uil respeetee, anti stand
a'ndn enanu ationl ofe this perlid'N ious andIO
i fickctins write~lcr. I c~la ~im~y fil thatI av
f ttlii eleribilel tin, (hlralcnt'r tend statas
iof this writer ill ttlm' frmier letters which
Ihle (flets tint even rte'ni, 'ut enleai'rs to ,
crilluinate tce iin the s oiine iie iof l
itct with that of ltislt, f anel his asso- .
ci'tesC tio wh'ichi I till petsitive'ly demeure,
as I tteve'r was elegradeid to this exte'nt
lie tillu ides to mity habits otf over thirty
V('jir's agei, which hft c'xagi'ratIs in a most
ri'ckess banner. I cain safely saiv that
in toy hrtilking Clays I ei'e'r stitighit to
stahi andi slnler tii character cf ithers
li false' nmatis nidei'r litit olts timles
Never en's''atdc thit cause to' d anel
of religion by' ireac'iinig butriese ser
Iuoits in 'r'lnt'f rivels, never was -in
ifooe in the uitcrests of oether ltie'n w i thi
ritgs a' cliieiue's retd the corne'rs anel
'esil aels of ccorritii, nevt'r was Je'rrv
ttt IDiile'r in the private' affairs of othe'r
I feople', alne e'nnottet ite'ri'oru le ilentit -
lied with Pro Bnei Pitlico, or tis asse
ate's and ex-ligmitaries eiter in thte
st cir tile hrese't. I utterly det'st all
siiei ceildltet anel eat btsve lii sytiijathiy
or atflilliaition with such characters, and
atm reaelv tine willitig at all titnes to
mtect anys attack which their comnbitntel
malice may lnggest against my charac
ter.
I again express niy regret in placing
before the public these disaigreeablie pc r
sontal batters, Lett the course wihici I
have pursut'd being necessary to th~e die
fence eif my character, I trust the blame
wiill ntet attach to me.
l'. F. PRESLEV.
The Agliculturtal btrean at Wa.hb
ington, D. C. hna lowered the estimate
of the cotton crop of this year. About
4,000,000 is the figure now.
Ten thousand Lonisinna refiugIees
Ihnve returned to New Orleans since
the overtlhrow of the carpet, bagger's
regime.-Shlirereport Times.
Played old man in the bear tight,
did these nice ten thousand fellows
and we suppose they now make more
noise than all the men who stayed
and fought it out, put together.
If George L. Smith, the small rad
ical god (with alittle g) about Shreve
port will step down from the presi
dencv of that railroad comlpany we
think those rival lines can consolidate.
Cents as change have been introdut
duced in the retail bsnainess of New
Orleans, thanks to the Democrat.
The increasing popularity of Home
Stomach Bitters is a strong evidence
in favor of its medicinal virtues and
those who are nsuffering from malarial
effects are earnestly requested tu try
them.
Cotton Receipts, 18 7 7. -
Received previously ...... ,250O bales
Sduring the week....373 7
Total............. 1,623 "
J. J. McGOOK & Bro,,
Have the Celebrated Chufa Seed for
sale, and they pay the
HIGHEST CASH FIGURES
for Cotton and Hides, and have a full
assortment of good t the lowest cash
price4. Nov 24-2umos
:,mt DE31~ S 5 P SP jý
IrI
in IIOU4E,
nt
nk
- SIGN, AND ORNAMENTAL
I('h
'I I ii~ i 9~
it's
Shop on FRONT Street, ('orn r TO'LINF,
ike NATCIIIT(O'llES, LA.
rer
als Q LAZING, Grininng and Stnining done
ý''y ill the mon(st artistic styles. Orders
11t sirlictet anid n tiiiinates fnrnithed oin ap
it' plication.
ers Dec, 1-in
. ·CLO' '1IIIN(L
lii
ei,,
;rid
I fl,
M. BATH,
t Merchant Tailor.
ith
s CLOSE FITS, HONEST Wl'O'k.
IN-t
MATERIAL FIRST-CLASS,
11('
in -AXn) AT
,t PRICES TO SUIT THE TIMES
he
to Call at my Establishmenet,
Ill
1 ,ST. DENIS STREET,
of
eof NATCHITOCHES, LA.
In- Nov. ,24 l 11.
nil -- - ____________
Lost or Mislaid.
rd -
1 r ilE public are cautioned not to trdle
tr, fit oloing 15tirtgigullit notes
.,, due nu'.
hv Three certain notes executed and sign
ti e'd bty Lawson S. GravLihn on the Ist Jant
of Ina;ry 1i7ti and iviad I payabile to A. MI.
111 Garrett, as follows, viz: ine note ft r fit'
,y, ty dollars, tinte on It .Januar' 1, 79: tnl
to tu tefw fr ifty-five dollars, lne Ist Janrn
he rv I#7-, ani t ne oitl fifty-li e.tve d ollrr dltie
in lt Januarv 1576, all hearing intervert at
>_ n per cent from date until paid.
iw 'These notes have beten lost or in"mislaid,
ig and I will take',lega:l steps at onct to se
cin i're their pniyiielt.
.. Nov 21I-2t A. M. GARRETT.
ite
ihe' RESIGNATION.
in
ax WINcsCHE1rEnI, TENN., Oct. , 1877.
y I have this daty resigned Illy position of
11tl Agent to my miother, 3Mrs,. . ";a.lnslaey,.
Is ijn view of other binln'ss 'llengagem enlts.
he (;. L. WALMISLEY.
IW
of NOTICE.
1i
;l As my son, (George L. Walnsle.', has
;S this day.t. I . th, 1577, resignetd as my
a Agent. I to irchliy accipt Iisi risiglnati on,
. and all :are notified that I shall not Ihere
h after 'oulsile'r myself bound by any of
It his transactions.
of E WALMD LEY.
ihe Winchllester, Tenn.. Oct. x, 1l77.
in NOTI('E !
it.
TO he rented to the highest bildder for
of T the year 1878, in front of L. A. Ser'
'- Store, at Cloutierville on
"e- WIE IsDAY, December 19th, 1877,
to "The Se.raphin Racial Plantation.'" TIhe
in lessor to texecute his piromissory note
3'. with goot antid solvent ReennritV. Possi's
it sion of the plAct to he given on the let
Ni day ofJjnu ry s79.
ad L. C HALEl ILLE,
is Dec 1 3t Tutor.
id -
: LOOK HERE! !
to
8 . WINEARG,
it (Corner FRONT & HBoRN Sts.,)
dEmllnES RElBlLLIN
ri
--ON
4
1IG13 PILICES
;Ii
I FALL AND WINTER
G-OOBD.S
t A full, complete, select as
!' sortment of mcrchan
g dize, fresh from
I
market, and
bought
at reduced prices, which
* enables him to sell
BELOW the LOWEST.
8
's Youths'
and Mens'
CLOTHIING,
of the finest ma~ke and material a
speciality.
r A complete stock of
FIlURNITULE,
p the Best and Cheapest ever
brought to this market.
All lines of GOODS suited to
the wants of Natchitoches cus
tom.
COhE BEFORE flEY ARE ALL GONE.
Don't forget the place,
S. WINBAlrGr's
Corner Front & Horn Sts.,
NATCHITOCHES, LA. t
For Account and 1 taite St. Ann I'riu
dhonaine,
Lani Certiffcates.
t1h (' 1th00 4 it tr, sec 'titon' 7, t fri
111'st 1010 Ac 4:''s Wt" of s o' IIl lie
tjiift'htt'r. (l º ti . 111 llsili 4, ;l.lr,- S.
39;0 A acres, North east't qIl zM'ttr r of pe
11)41 7. st ban isiilit 4 , l IiI rtli: 12, 1I 7 i't.
3!tA 11 Acre", * . So ml i 't 0) 8:t ct't'of
ty S'md\es 1141it)(atl1 s (ifti ll, honllt- -14
For iccounilltand .iont' ot J. 't. ;rId.
'I't o e a tit ifol t:l'~trt ut' ' I rt ii. !it i7 t ((II
SaW)," Mning l 7.
1"or (hit II icsllIs ~i tolisl, .I
t FOR SALE.
L21` llti . i l iti) g ill Sal, 1\'c. t 1 4 of .1. 1.1
So'uthes 'flt~ltI~tllg 7of 7,"'1-Hn 1"(1''!.ante
ThisR l)11Irlttiofl 11n14 Ilo~' ill l'llltivt-n
1(411s half1 .)f44' I lie i Ea t 1:1t '. n 1 )1411)1 3,(
1111 l11I~iltillgi ill till(]' 1lgi'.'g:1rt4'. 123¶)
794-41 11-r)s. lor A t'rles. Ea t h lis o S1n111411
- 44:1lillnlat llg 41 ion I1,1111r04 IIh'iI t, l i tr
~l'I"I t ificatt' 17111:1,~
l1o0 jt!llfa lrmaio III',11 tt' to 114 tlll uh 'I'
sIned), 1, nmi t' blow tili' tiol. lrIt
Kill tcl re s, N or th w est44 Ill(l t } I clr of Q1 '
1r (li 1 ra1 -1 , f it tl(' c Il;It' o t' til ritill i'44
,fearl d anid' iofll s \\ wtert'illt' Hull
Alit' 1slt (If Mit.le). ' ors. wor'd (r 5
TlcllOtt44, 1]411( to h lOsold Iit pivate :rtll'
atu al s tint', I}'a tl e kit o oftine cllllc,(' l
2ae 3. Hi. Ariltr lolI tit'1 in 11Lc'ZIIIII44. f 't
N. Bor J ucc'lut als rstat tof or tlrt'.l
eaIIeE'4 vIlde of Saline10 1 1 a'. at I i \( 1
ab ve84 alrie, 41itlilll llt 1"'IS
} acres lit' cypress break, ad:Ipt'd ill ;Ii
will titconi i~i l' arf nls 11ot1"41:1,1
n''st n11lnk 6:11 1,-1110 lose :l t, hill land.
EMILI:E( tier, ANN tle kiofIil oi MM\·:,
Pale. A r3T rhni(']14111tH '. (º.ills
land, s nill alst rIi ill tit' of tlrrt'
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS,
SHERIFF'S SALE.
Thelco Schumant vs. A. & A. Taizin
Parish Court. No. 11149.
Y virtue of a writ of Fi. F·. issuned
in the above elntitled and Iinu ler
edl suit and to uee directed, I have seized
andt will oter ftior sale to the last antd
hlighest bidder at the door of tlhe Colut
House in the city and palish of Natchi
toches, ou
Saturday, ilk day of Januar, 1878,
the fidlowing; described proiperty to-wit:
The undivided two-thirds interest in
and to a certain plantntion situnted itt
tihe Parish of Natchitoches, on the le'ft
bank of Cane River descendting, oppo
ite the city of Nathelitches, con tatii ing
three haundred acres, tmore or leshs, togut b
er with all the buildings and improve
htteuts thltereon, boutnded above by lands
now, or formenrly belongings to Antibroise
Leconlte andI Attbroi-s. Sotopayrac Sr.,
and below by lands belonging to said
Ambroise Sompayrac Sr., and being the
same plantation acquired by Al la and
Ambrozine Tautin at thlie Scecession sole
of the property and eflkets of John IBlair
Smith, imadtle on thle 10th day orf Februa
ry, 181i6, the upper third of said pl;inta
tion having been sold by the said Alida
andt Ambrezin Tanuzin to Virginia Bos
sier, wife of .J. Jules liossier, by act of
sale before Oeorge W. Kearney, Recorder,
on the 14th day of December, 1874.
Terms of Sale.
CASIH-with the beneflit of aplpraisement.
D. 11. BOULLT, .Ji.
Dec. 1-tds. Sherif.
NOTICE.
Succession of Jaareelin fhauin, dec'd.
ALL personls haIving claims against
the Siuccession of Mercelin taltzin,
are hereby notitied to coim fo rward aind
present the saute, and thus. indebted to
said Estate are reqtuestesl to comte feer
ward 1an1d settle.
JULES l)UCA8sE,
Nov. 24. Adtninint trator.
NOTICE.
Succession of Georqe Curtney.;.
jI ENRY V. TESSIEIi having appliel 1
II for the applointmient ot Dative Tes
tamentary Executor of the last will and
testantent of George Gurney, dlec'l. No
tice is hlaereby given to all persons con-t
cerned to show causet withint ten laysn
from this date why the application of the
petitioner should not he greanteLd.
P. A. SIMMONS,
Nov. 24-2t Parish Judge.
F Get your printing done at
the VINDICATo3 Jo Ofb ce.
sil 'j,
1111tH \t' ('o , tl,;,t;,
' 1 ,?. "1( ciri
(It ft a! .I fi rr iIjljl 110 4j4
i I I , i 't l ' t' 44 1V 11 (4'
-r ii - K i t lll') IA .t cart11' irf
"^ t i 111111 f Of I~
rt ;(,t' l ' tI1'.i i i. F l j: lf!,it s a nd t o i) r
it t l I itt I
f ie'itoo 11 'il I l1iui ; st i.4t~lidrhe (aot
oi I t 4'114 41ok.~ I.` 'F l '4 11ei
F'rerie r ( I.144"' .11F r jrf l' 1( l. ? Thou
Ili f FI 1:F~ 1i'.1 ,1' i 1ý , , J'ii ertj ý ' b th
lire, th0uth o
P Ilittti l l tn,1 ol the
ýjt ,.tr'tt l ;II [.lll,,. ,:ý:'. ofN. thl'tpe tt
of 4 lll44 11:t111 l, o I l;t a "Iir I onh
01114llr (1f'' I In
I iii Li u, 4I:4ii iI 444 44ftlurjii let) half
r :I4F W th e " i:i i l 41F'"4'.1 ; 1 1 ` 1 JMi l- l riqo
nF11(1· Itilatil Iulli cf ~idlE' Norutho
,;1!Ij;. in-,; efinr htl Ue Ti
It , t ,l w t1ir:i\' Ir. it N at emli e
B i~ ii~~e. 1 IiF rl~i1t i~ltile
o~ t hI 'o it rIi :;lI ie It'-u~tisfnld4o0 fi
nilc~8
,t II ul ý..\r'. IIY.
(Fn\d th e w rms o': eiii ht
the lii~r('~iit.t Sot p).iej
I I I) ifia
I1 fo I.1 1 tt Ii r 1) on t0il' letran
frtlclc i iii,' ['r;4 ,I r It i F Jlli.11 Il 'gtelre li
k 1;I-(·-'i IIAu EI eI r -,n;cfF'S RSALE.
I ,1i:I l ifIt 4si .4'h 'i t I 1ll . tl o oti rtgu i orlo
- '1ft of t ilt , tl !l o Ff I\ateli.1 Ito Ue a
t " ) in c i~ Ihf t li ii . ( I t Ih i tij )t ' iF T jif and
j 1ayIII u ~fe :uul t"cI~l~s. ]:rittingtill! fntst
1l it Iat"1" ( )le 1 , 1 1 ' l ' hf' f N a teh itoehe .at l t t o
o 1444 04, < tl iit 11 : 111 th 'e mouth4dim
" I .'ie 0I 1z' . li uo Aiiiaitlalil oi
I rfr n/ t S.ohleDc.
SIi'A S! wi thOl I ,tI l n owi ll :4li' f' r iealle
N 1v Ii 1i;g iits i 1' Shteth dooo
Rite411~14 a . A.S Mrs. ( Elo is h Ar an
mu r iit. isttd! J foli C. cember ltd
Di-t l"Ii'i' Cou rt'14u044'h4'n. lNo.t a
Gir oi x 4 tc' Fe 441 4 a witih' oftreet, AndTOue.
1 by44 t1 h o l( o is t1 rit (ihll 'llnl it't'd and
il r Ill t 44. I l 4\ hi t 1 of N 'tij i'tcw is, aut to
11444 ilr rtl4 I40. su 1441 f.0lit lt . 44fvt rn iih
I 01;K eselil l 'anti willt oI i ll f r mule todihe
Al'.i4'4ndighest~4 hit ofr a14t~t4 sthae do
I i li(I I 44l?, ill4' !i tic('Iiir~i(i(yl ad P1141 k14wuf
'1I li414'54'4. 41t4.41 (\, 4 l F,. fl(414tilitt ofIota
5141'aetl/, iit (lay!,41 of Decem ber l4V aul
the ti~r~~ic llowiH.-, 11o1' t. to 11a;m~it 6r
. y i lviuig 11 foiltt o f E'jxtllsitiuae i h
ot s1xt Sei c onl4 l ri'et, l iWit Streetepth a ru.
ht sixy-tre' 4144(1 hMi ~i fet , nrh b i bleyl~do
ii 44: 4,1401 j FIunt hi b lotr fPt. jest , hi lot No,
il4,s 14(410i, g ,e t for lli rl the'buil ting
an lili4.O:d iIll it440'ellle thereon.
Also :411 a 14' c tain it of t'oni oitateil in
in t i ill. ll 'fIl 114 1 1if ' \ rtrit o'iI of , andtknown
and Ste Jiic~etl as lot Norrc. >` on plat of lots
14Si4 -vlyi on-4i 111thla 441 fil~ly bySit
A.4 ft'4 t lick, vin l a li fo t t o itji':414 i
it 14"' 141 0llcc ctr~ l iet bnilrlinlga
tilt on Sibley Street, with a depth o fo:bO ae
S 441 rilcetl anti ii ixti04 i fret, bon14 r4 on
thee. a st 4 y 'i:iiti St1e4 t ( l'nest14 h t lotNo.
Illt !r. nor th 1 (44 l tot i io l ,tr belngingeto
- Strix" i'l3l1'M 44404401e anti44t fi wi Cthral
t4 a14 Jill 14;';ll Iluis. Iniii(44144 44( thereon,
so an oti h r lilt of 1. 4(4 44' 40hi ' it N o.
frnting,014ixty-s1x1 feet' on SIi be SI11 tree t; a I
4444nt144i r 4444) liack llnnt 144'l4 ir 44
Sl eeessiftn sale of S. M. Ilcoafus of 16t
1 of Mt , 4 ' 1 lO, 4'.tii-4'llthebu 'idng
an' X illpor t t01144 Vits'4 therefon 11iiitte
ill LO ld 041 111 tie lo't of4 114044 41g t' e ii
61 file Cityl aiti(Parish fit, Natchitrihhso
44t . 414411li o jog ( 11 44140 4! 0i' 't -tw feet ot
_ is'ix i,r iloes1, tll on 44 s olltt etl o, f Church
AI to'. pari' ioi 1 i: e; I1t tre et, l o e the
_ tast. ot No. 141,4on the w's tig o" uitmbtreo.
41t 14 tl t 44lif Mi" irtl b lyC' ti4 (tlatiS r eet, ad
no thle on' by L lot Pe1lc, 444 2 to ort14'
Clo34iSeriz4d:s eIbilrt i tOe
ITlid lt, fiM r. E 404'A 'I411i
Oct. 27orc.-dhri.
N()TICEg'
t ail' (?4' ·144144' 4i'u·iltl I~ oil' i tlteP1ie .ltlry, I
i'iII1'( 44'l4 hra tlf i 111, at 1tl 4' 1114?144t4,31la
14'tlc 414clur of tl~e Cltt'Io.Ie betwerrren tlo
144441' oS 12 141 a':ndt 2 p. Itt., 040~lane
I Sattrd, the 1st da oftlc D~lch~s ecemrrc '77S
al(·ol thle publc ofenrries wilcth~inl &ni P*heb
Mlme1Ittc' of o·llnr 40rnil e I( oleth
CloontiervI:lle.~ f~~c lll~ l'~ h
Lake Villager or Mctnlonaild' B'luff.
.4414i1 P~ coini:ti. ;tatnst e
Said fce( tires will3 he soul o hef11*
Ft41 liIl'crltii44 jir.sl'C4 to bhe reeriildCsf am
One thIitrd ot' t~ll' 141'C4(Oe pr Iice payS'
li' 41 thre t olf'. ('tcifn~~w 4444. oh 101 i h
44(4th 1511 Sday out ~i04'I1 i her I 579. in er
A~lly~r fliltre to crrylrll ou~r~t tl ii t bel'8o
n~ili'T wil~l (ipt'~lltO (O cvttit''llrit iont afrc]
'14(441l~ Pthe1r4'Midllt. o 144' P44104'o Jidtry4
tll~licrctl olf' 541etotel'photl h;:iildci'!r fo
Ion aSe. any I'ern'i are 4444lli\(' toO i tY
oo'ill liea r'thitil. .it a,: f~ctim oh
iioo tii id 044 the (lel O~lflr 0(41 '.
ov. 3-td'o P~l~~uen~tvlllresilo P. JtttY
~1 w~llt offr for oalet to th higes
city 4 Nateit4''1e5 lw 104.414. 1(14fd
$4'eond StreelltH and to llnf.o'oi4.1'