Weather warm.
We were pleased to meet Mr. Jno.
HIewitt, of De Sto, on our streets du
ring the week.
Business! there is none. Let a
coontryman dare shake a dollar bill
on Front street and forty clerks would
lt ob'c mob him.
Fishing excursions are in order.
Perini has the Beer emporium, don't
fail to give him a call.
District Court begins here on Mon
lay next.
The Police Jury meets and organi
zes on Monday next, June 4th.
Bnnker's fish emporium at Campte,
sends a preparation of dried fish put
up by Bunker for use in soups, gum
boa, &c. Who says Natchitoches
parish is not getting on the enter
prise toga.
Cane river continues to decline
rapidly, and unless the upper rise
strikes us before many days we will
be without a river.
Reports of the condition of crops,
from gentlemen who visited our office
during the week, continue quite en
couraging. Some sections are in
want of rains, while many others
have had refreshing showers. Corn,
we understand, is looking splendid.
Boarding house keepers are prepar
ing for Court-we saw one of them
buying 5 cents worth of beans the
other day.
Little boys will go in swimming at
all times of the day, and then they
have big chills. The Devil in the
VINDICATOR office has had a shaking
up.
Mr. Louis D'lpleix was not remov
ed from the School Board for any
other reason tlhan that, as an oflicial
of the Government of the United
States, be could not receive a Com
mission as a State oflicer.
We hope the "Conservative ele
ment" will be satisfied with, this.ex
planation, as we are sure Mr. Du
4leix is.
The Mayor's Court has been barren
of results during the week. It seems
that law-breakers are scarce. This
speaks well for the community, if not
for the Treasury, and gives the Mar
shal plenty of time to unbell the cows
withdering out to grass.
Let some enterprising young man
get up h street sprinkling apparatus,
and he will succeed in taking in not a
few dlucats during the Suninmmer months
from the dust býgrimmed citizens of
the business sItreets. Try it !
bur old firiendl Wn. Trammell Ins
alumber yard also, and made a sale
,lbne bill of 30,000 feet, one day
dtdring the week.
Our good people all over this sec
tion should make it a point to sub
"bribe at once for the VINDICAtOR,
the paper thant stood by th'emn in times
that tried men's souls; the paper to
Whilti they owe no small amount of
their present happy condition.
It is said to be human nature to
forget friends, we sincerely hope the
people for whom the VINDICATOR
fought, will make an exception to the
role in its favor.
fed Broeck ran it mile on the Lou
itville race course lately in 139(, beat- i
tug the best time ever before made,
141j, 11 seconds.
VIJDICATOR VIsIToRs LIsT.-Tlhe
following gentlemen paid our sanc
tum a visit during the week:
esers. E. Masson, L. Charleville,
j. Alf. Prudhomnoe, Norbert Peopini,
Sidney Harrison, Mortimer Perot, R.
E. Hammett, and from them we learn
ofthe great happiness and conthnt
mi-nt of our people under the new
Cnde of governmentD
The Tax Collector's and the As
sieor's olce are places of resort now
Inl business is fair in both depart
Msats, we unaerstand.
the VINDICATOR is the "official or
of the Sebhool Board of this
'The French Opera troupe, tromn the
'JI.. Rojale," gave a performance
h Saturday evening at the Fire
I-h Hall. The musical and buf
isrl it 6f the entire entertain
-at were pertect drags. One or two
md songp from Mr. Mayear, was all
rth brLoke the dead stillness of the
OPera" One interesting individual,
m thie mall boys yelled out ub
4.r theanae of "Bannana's" and "Ice
*1 . ind so," was egged most
Mr. James (ieuls, corner of Jeffer
e0a mad Amulet Strete, is potting
it bwldmkg toin fine order, while his
Iar s fuall and complete-ready for
ie lSummer and Fall trade: The
Sst te cromssings leading to his store
o'fthLe me# order of. improvements
O"ur lity authorities should give
ewak hever to the owners of
S!cutyae our best business streets
i Mil m priog badly,
+ 0' Get your printing done at
4PJ 1 IDATO3 Job Office.
-. Oai.ou .....d~ ois'
Special Correspondence to the Vitidicator.
News from Our Friends.
SATCHITOCITES,
N.ATCITOCHES, May 29, 1817.
Under the Oak.
Mr. Editor :
"'Thlloo mny friend ! how do you do 7
I at gla i to i'et up with yu." Such
was the siLlutat  oin with tvhicli "ln ol
school-mate grteeted mie a ',w days ago
as I was ret'lrning front the other side of'
the Bon Di)icl. Excuse me, sir, I replie'd
-you cert'dnly have the advantage of
me, for I c:in neither recall your face or
voice. "Is not your name I- r'
Yes, iir, you are correct, but that does
not tell me who you are. "Well, look at
me a while longer, anld pIerhli.:ps you will
recognie die.' We took his advice, and
finally did recogniz e him. Ili answer ltoi
your first greetilng nmy good friend I)---,
I tam w'ell, enjtling good leialIth, and
most delighted to see ydllv Of all the
beings on earth, you art the last one I
ever expected to meet, for I had been
told that von were killed in olt' of'. the
hiattles Iore Richm ond. "No, hut John I
(vo. re'ieu'leh''r ,John, ldon't Voni ), twas
k illed at Mailr'iin ill, iand though mi
li other ml inst say, that lis death like, his
hearing in the arly, was a gallanlt one."
D)--, Its very hot out here in thl iiti i
I see a I arge oak tree alouit a Ihtitdredl
yards hleyoind, whic'lh ha. it very invitiig
alppltearanle, let's ride ulnder it. We rode
to the sturdy old oak, whiole ibranches
like parental arims, seem'd waiiting to
elnlrace Is. anld alighting, sioo foiundl
ouirselves, like Virgil's Tityris, reenbans
sub trymitnefiugi.
Ah, that's it. You had, however, hbeen
re, ortid aitoIii the killed. 'Yes, hl.t
fortn inately it was a ntistake, a yiui seet.'
Death, imy dear friend, is always a sad
occurrenclle, hut whenl a voluinteer solliher
in the holy caiise atiil deliverence of his
coulntry lmeets it, Time itself as it were,
becomes hdeconimlosed, Ale becomes de
cayed. andl when he falls, he is ('oNIt:AIn
or. lint this it an unpleasant suhbject.
my frienid, for I seet by your very looks,
that lenlory is recalling by gones too
vividly. Tell me D- , how did y -i
hlave your good mnother and sisters ?
"They are all d dead ahd gone." As
lihegave me the iainfuil news, a glistening
tear gradually foircld its burning way
from his sockets. and I ifllatsed to allow
his emotionl fill "freedom, A Cgentle,
ple;asant breeze reltewed itself at this
Iionrenit, touched as it ve bye, by sonle nu
seeni, slpirit-hand to cool the ardor of his
feeling. "The shock was too great for
theni 1., and like so many of outi noble
Souitherni womenl, they found consol;ation
only in the grave." Yes, and I have
searched in vain the page!s of history to
find their equals. low eani we ever re
pay our mothecrs, our wives, our dauighi
ters and sisters of the South, for the unag
nificent part they all took in that, grand
though fruitless struggle! "You are
right ; there is no pay but vEilERAT'rION-
their battle cry was that of the hero
upon the field of Shrewesbury, "send
danger froml East to West, so lhonor cross
it from North to South," and like hiim,
are covered with glory,". No, nor can
this pay. Pay a womau ! Why D-,
you are joking. Hleaven and Earth unit
ed could not doso. Not all the "wealth of
Ormnus or of Ind," piled as higlh as Ossa
upoIn Pelion - not all the precious metals
embowelled within the Eartlh-nor all
the cpnutless gems that adorn with won
der the firmarnunt-all, all combined,
eould not pay woman for one hour of vla
crific, of lore or dcrolion.
But it is getting late, and I mtlst part
with you.. I am sorry you cannolt cross
over and rpemld a fiew days with mne-lut
I shalll expect you according to plromiste,
ont your return froml lrt\eeplort, when
the can talk nire at length about the
good ''old tilne's." "Yes, I mtust be in
(Collshatta by to-mriorrow night-tilme' is
niot lily o.wn --I l,.am working for others.'
"I haVe talkell a (oiple of houlrs frolm nily
etlilhlo\'.rs, pileasantly spenit iundtr this
lheautifl oak, bit it hat nlot ilnterfered
with blusiness." If I cln get thrbough in
time, anti can possibly steal ra itlrch <if onrt
dlay, onl tly return I sIhall ride dtown and
splend it with you-until then, good lye."
Thus we parted, anid mny worty friendt
Ijoggced along in dust and sun, ftitbhftull to,
his engagenient.
On last Stnliahy evening the beauty of
our Coast, pluaued with the white tc rings of
Pece ciime out in true Ailiazoliiaii style,
ritniidinng tis of tbhe good old days, whlien
virtue and innocence, beauty, gayety
and love were thet hand-maids of honor.
manlood, intelligence and worth, and
creatted the charuni of society throllghont
this whole State. Their appearance, like
the visions of fairy-land, was a cure for
sore eyes.
No news of any local interest. The
frogs aire crying themselves hoarse, and
si, far no rain. We Ineed all we can cit
righlt now, We trust the newly alppoint
ed pplice jurors for this Parish will be
on hand Monilay next, to take part in
the reorganization of that body and of
things in general. We'll see.
Hors'rvn.
SABlINE.
FRitxKLI~ PArTsn, LA.,
March 30ttl, 1877.
Goodloe.Evans Homicide.
J. J. IloirtoN Esq., Many La.
Dear Sir--Your favdr of the {th inst.,
just received. My father is seventy years
old, hence this bhnsiness will rest with
mle I have no doubt that the nmunrdered
man is nty half brothef, Dr, Sidney M.
Cook. He was a mnian alboiit fite feet
eight inchies high, well maide linibs, lIght
hair inclined to curl, sometimes woro a
moustache of a brdwn colri brown eyes,
and very ntat about his dress.
The alleged bank robbery is 4ii lie,
without the shadow of a doubt, andl as
to liigainy, lie was so unforttnate as to
marry a woman with a liifing hiiaban't,
from whom she hitd to divorce, conse
quently it was not a legal mari'iagc, adu
therefore the charge of bigamy is false
also. He was no more a bigamist or
bank robber, than I am or you are. iHe
was born and raised right here fli this
parish.and town, and was well, known
by every one; giradulated in the Den
t'l College of New Orleans, with honor.
A st .tet~ent you can verify by writing
to Dr . A. Metain, M. D. D). D. 8. and
Dean of the College, or Dr. James Knapp,
or Dr. N. F. Chandler, all Dis. 6f D~itis
try, also J. Baldwin Dlnff, Mi D, Vice
President, and Superintendent La., Col.
lege of Pharmacy, and Dr. J. MI. Angel,
of New Orleauns. I have his diploma
,here at home, left accidentally by him
on his back visit. I assure you he was a
gentleman of good standing, and to veri
fy the truth of niy statement, I refer you
to Wilson McKerall, .Mayor of Franklin,
La, and J. A. O'Niel, and Donelson
Chaffey Esq ; aml my fathers Attorney, A.
C. Allen Esq.
I am unfortunatey po placed that I
cannot at ptegent handle money enough
to be of any use in this affair, from the
simple fact that it is so invested that any
speedy returns from it cannot be erpect
ed. I cannot even visit your town, but
I am not by any means poor, nor am I
without friends, and I shrall ruse every ef
fort in my power to' bring such influence
to bear as shall make this whole country
too warm for the parties concerned in
this affair. The Police authorities of
New Orleans shall be (if you will kindly
furnish me a discription of G. B. Good
loe and Porter Brown,) on the watch.
I have also friends and relations in Mar
shall, Texas, and Fort VWorth, Texas,
who will a0 their bbst endeavore against
these men; also in Shreveport, who will
hnt them down; in the mean time I
call On Iour and the people of your town
and' viidhuitlj,1 i do every thing youtan
to pursue, capture and convict, (in God's
name, and the name of humanity) these
men. In Marshall, Texas. I have two
uncles, Michael and Reuben Knight,.who
stand among the first in the community;
in Forth Wortlh, Samuel Evans, a lawyer,
and ex-State Sinator; in Fort hend (Co,
''Texas, Robert Hodges, aI cousin of Dr.
Cook, and in Hlarri.burg, Augustus Toru
lirson. anrot her.
I meiian to make Ttexas and Louisiana
too hot to hold thein, if o"lt will oinly
stnitd, and send quic-kly,. a diseription of
theta, with a copy of lIhe warrent swtiis
out, togetlher with ait copy of Coroner's
verdict.
If you have any iloullit of Dr. Cook's or
mry own\l rl'estpeetalility. you only have to
write or see any of the parties above
inentioiltd. hint Sir, if he had been a
bank ollubber and ligniinist, the miurdt'r
would hal te beeni rouio the less foul. aind
these tllen equally deserving of plnilirl.
I tlihanik you for the kind interetst
:lhown hotth, ftor niy herlealved iiiother arid
voiiilr Iluinble Servant,
EDIWARID lE. EVANS.
I certify that tlihe ablove is it true :ind
correc't tcopy of the originail letter, exceplt
,ine seniiteice, whiich halt no ll'learing ill ithe
Case, aniid is tpurposettly left out ; tlhe origi
ni:l is opeti to any one who wishes to
read it.
J. J. IIOR(TON, J. P.
Santrs P.ttslmr, May 2-S, 1,77.
M.r Editor :
I ioticed ta lfew weleks since, a coninuu
inicaltenil in the \ INDIt1Ttiei, fl-oi aill ex
'perieneed writer of this parish, ''Vox
Pou i' xli." ixpr'ssilg thie selltiimeltr of thli
imajorinty of our citizens on tihe political
situatllion. I fIilt highly gratillfied t hav
ilg such an able writer, a personl of such
imerited talent and inosteintaton to eilui
chitlte the sentinienis of the people of oir
p:rishli. I filt assiured that in the fuilture
"Vax I'opili" would be, to the parliiish of
Sabineiit, what Hleairsey is to the State .,f
Louisiaina. the true assertor of thie pio
ple's rights, unceasingly wielinig his
trenchant pen in blehialf of an optpressed'i
iiand persetclteti people ; bulit alas ! I find,
'''ox,' is silent and the sentimients of
the people of Sabine, are no longer pub
lickly 'expressed.
Can it be possible that R. K. Goodtlle's
epistle in thle ViSiAlrmt was too em
iliatic and truthful to be refltted or Ibe
cause his assertionls collcur with the
views of "Vtox Populi." I asQure you I
know not but am truly sorry I hat Sallline
shiouldt sustalin su.chll a selroitH loss as his
silenie in tile VINotrcrDaT .
I, with niy. very- limited tlent, feel
conlstrainted to corlllunicatei on thir s oc
casioni a few relimarks sincterely hoping
that "Vox" will again devote his talent
to the advancemenit Cf the ptarish, by dis
cussiing all tiliestionis concerningu its wel
fare, in the collurlns of the Vindicator.
The tinostenltat ios writer's re-appear
ance will Ibe hariled with edla.t
Mr. Editor--I regret that your valu
able journal is not imore liberally patron
ized by the pleoiplo of Sabine. We,, in
genetrral,.manlifest a great deal of indif
fierence totward'ls reading, which is to lie
regrettel it accounllllts for thlie great want
of inftorliaation noticeable in our people.
We have in the "'Natchitohes Vitdica
tor" ia fearless, able and inllependent pa
per; its colrrrns are oplen to outr people
for the discussion of all questions cou
cerning the parish ; yet there are not in
the parish twenty-ltive:who suibscribe antl
pay for it.
Discussiing politics in this section is (I
may say) olbsolete, the people being now
fully satisfied that thievery is at an end :
that there will he protection fir life and
prtoperty ; that the liws will be proper
ly adrlirnistered- ; that tlhe teerrorism alrnd
lawlessness which pervaded our State
will now cease ; anid that peace, halppi
ness anti prosperity will he again res
tored to our once heaiutiful Louisianral
have settle down to work to live in peace
uinder the Nicholls gov-erulnent.
Collurt was in sessitni last week; the
logie and eltquence of Metsirs. Sinith and
P'resley was listened to only 1iy few as
there were inot many ini attenlanece.
There was a tlohody renconultei' ili MJ:iny
on last, Satnrdal y week lbetweeln W. II.
Holloway and C('hap Cole, the latter re
ici\'ed sorice very severo blows, one
Ibrteaking thIe britige of his nose arnd ttwo
had cuts with tlhe jaws of a knife on tihe
lower lips Ilolloway lhaid a relirlminarr v
exanuiia tion before Judlge J C Arnstrolrg
aind was plliced nnder a bond of urie
thousand dollars. The following niigiht
the jail tldoor was broken and Holloway
set a liberty.
Crop lprospect at present fs flattering
corn a hittle spotted hlut inlproving fasl.
and now has a beantifii color; cotton
doingi well. We lIad a very nice rain on
Satirdiy.
OBSERVER.
VERNON.
PARtsiH OF VERNON,
- May 21, 1877.
Dear Vindicator .
The usually unvarying rotine of life in
a rural district, like the parish of Ver
non, afflbrds hut few circumstances that
would interest thIe sensational reader.
Thie sultje't of politics iB worn thread.
hear. Madanr Rnurmor is stlruck dum ly
the sobriety, and dtlecrmi of the people,
even tIhe old ladies are striving for a
sulject for a dish of.gossip. Then air
der these distressirrg circumnstnrces, how
can air nnpretending inldividnal, like
your correslrondent, find mnitter for an
interesting letter I Not even a dtrunken
brawl, r: n-away mlatchl, or a quiet stay
at homne "get mnarried." In thie tirst place,
Ike's whiskey has taken so mich to cold
water, that it won't mnake a mean drunk.
All tne lrorses in the country are too
poor (fromnl hard work) to support a ruin
away nratch, if anybody wanted to ran,
and the young gentlemen can't go out
courting yet, because they are just cut
ting their beard, at least I suppose that
is the reasibn; to say the best I can for
themr, they are very bashful, and seecm to
te afraid of the girls, for I saw several
of them i'de tip to church recently, with
olut gaIllhitk,, and after services, ride off
as tile'y caine.
I think from tihe best informiation I
can ge that the ipland crolis of this
pirish aire pronrising, thongh from some
sections, the report is, the crops are
needing rain; in the viciuity of the Ana
coco ptalirie the.e is yet Sortle .planting
to do, and it catnnot be finished until
there Its rain. Most of the fflacklarnd
planter, have had to plow up and plant
over several tir'es, whIich baA thrown
them behind. The ciops that afe up on
the Blackland, are looking very well,
and the dry weather is suiting them.
The general health is excellent, in fact,
I think it would be difficult to find a
more healthy locality in the State than
Vernon. Onr School Board met and or
ganized on last Saturday, and it is to be
hoped that schools will soon be in opera
tion throughout the parish.
Yours truly,
We leatn thiat the Olan'ders, that
dreadful and fatal horse malady, has
broken out among the mules near
the upper river line of our parish.
Mrs. Tally Brown has lost eleven
mules and a number of horses and
mares; in fact her entire stock. Our
farmers and stock friends had better
keep a look out for this 'disease or
they may suffer seriously likewise.
(i~ et your JOB'PTITIMG
.lonew the VlNDICA R Ofice.
THE GAME LAW;
No. 60. AN ACT
For the protection of Game, A nimals am?
Birds in the Stoic of Louisiana.
SrCTIoN 1. Be it enacteil by the Son
ate and House of Representative of the
State of Louisiana, in General Assembly
convened, That it shall be unlawful in
this State to catch or pursue with such
intent, any mild hIck, die cr fawn, or
to have the ?ame in puss swit.n after it
has been cauaght or killed, between the
first day of February and the first day of
August of each year, under a penalty of
twentv-tive dollar for each offinse
Set. :*. "Be it further enacted, etc.,
That no person shall catch kill or pur
sue with such intent, or have in posses
ion after the same has been cau hlt or
killed, any will turkey between the first
day of April and the first day of Sept
embnler in each year, tiuder a penalty of
not less than five dollars nor more than
tw'enty-five dollars fir each offense.
S-ts.:r . lBe it further enacted, etc.,
That no person shall catch, kill or pnr.
sue with such intent, or have in
possession after the same has been
canught or killed, any quail, part
ridlge or pheasant, between the
first day of April and the fifteenth
day of September in each yvear under a
penalty of inot less than live dollars nor
more than twenty-five dollars for each
offense.
SEc. 4. Be it further enacted, etc.,
That no person shall catch, kill or put'
sue with such intent, or have in posses
sion after the same has lbeen caulght or
killed, any whip-po-will, sparrow,tinch,
oriole, blue bird, swallow.; night hawk
or black bird, except the salne shall le
:lestruntive to t:he fruit and grain crop,
under a penalty of not less than.five nor
m,,rC' than twenty-five dollars for each
offense..
SEc. 5. Be it further enacted, etc.,
That no person shall rob or destroy
nests or eggs of any wild birds wlhatso
ever, sat'e only those of a pred'tllo"y na
ture, and destructive of game or inseit
iverous birds, under a penalty of not
less than five nor more than twenty-five
doillars for each oiffhlse..
SEc. G. lit it further enacted, etc.,
That no person shall entrap, net, kihl,ur
pursue with such intent, or have same in
possessien, at any time during the year
any song bird, especially the mocking
bird, except domesticated birds, except
the same be entrapped for the purpose
domestication. under a penalty of not
fcss than five nor more than twenty-five
dollars for each offense, except when the
same shall prove destructive to the fruit
and grain crops.
SEc. 7. Be it further enacted, etc.,
That the possession of animals, or birds.
intended to be protected by this act
.: ithie the pcriods for which the!r killi:ng
or pursuit is hereby prohibited, shall be
prima facie evidenet, that the said ani
mal was unldwf iilly caught or killed
and the possession unlawful.
SeC. S. Be it further enacted, etc.,
That any person exposing for sale any
of the animals or birds intended to be
protected by this act within ,the period of
which the taking and killing thereof is
hereby prohibited, shall for each animal
ot bird so exposed for sale, except such
as are domesticated, be subject to the
same penalty as hereinafter provided for
the unlawful killing or taking of such
animal or bird.
SEC. 9. lIe it further enacted, etc.,
That the unlawful killinE, catching or
possession of each and every one of the
animals or birds intended to be proteet
ed by this act, shal! comstitnte a setn
rate offense, and shall i)e punished ac
cordingly; and two or more ofbtnses may
he jninedl in the same warrant or indict
ment thereof, and the person so offend
in,,, if convicted, shall hie fined for each
ofiense.
Si.c. 10. Be ft further eriac.ld, etc.,
That no person shall at any time dur
ing the period firbidden by this act, kill
or take any of the animals or birds in
tended to be .protected by this act, by
means of any trailp, snares or other like
ldevice, nnder a penalty of not less than
five nor more than twenty-five dollars
for each animal or bird so trapped
snared or taken; provided, nothing in
this act shall apply to the migratory
birds or fowls.
SEC. 11. Be it further enacted, etc.,
That all transportation companies,
steamboats, railroads and other public
carriers, of whatsoever charactor, are
hereby prihibited from transporting any
game iird or animal mentioned in this
act during the period provided for the
protection of such game, birds or ani
mals, under a penalty of not less than
five nor more than twenty dollars for
each offense.
SEC. 12. Be it further enacted, etc.,
That all fines, collected for violations of
thIe above provisions of this act, one-half
of said fine shall go to the informer. and
the other oie-hdlf shill be paid to the
treasure'.of the parish school board in
which said fides are imposed, and shall
be applied for the benefit of the parish
schools.
SEc. 13. Be it further unaeted, etc.,
That any person convicted ot vyiolatiop of
the provisions of this act failing to pay
the penalty or penalties prescribed here
in, shall be imnpriso6ned in the parishl
ijail for a Iperiod not lehs than ten days
nor more than thirty days.
SEc. 14. Be it further enacted, etc.,
That all acts and violations of this law,
denominated as offenses in the foregoing
sedtions, shall be and are hereby declaredi
to be crimes against the State of Loimsi
ana, and it shall be the duty of all dist
rict attorneys, and district attorneys
pro tempore of the State, tii prosecute,
before any court of competent jurisdic
tion, all offeddgri and persons commit
ting misdcineanors under the provisions
of this act.
SEc. 15. lje it fdrtler enacTed, etc.,
That this act shall take effect from and
tfter the first day of Jun'e, 1877,, and all
laws or partsof laws in conflict with
this act bb and the' same are hereby re
pealed.
(Signed,) LOUIS BUSH,.
Speaker of the Honse of Representativos,
(Signed,) LOUIS A. WILTZ,
Licntenant Gov. and President of the Senate.
Approved April II, 1877.
(Signed) FRANCIS T. NICHOLLS,
Governor of the State of Louisiana.
A true copy.,:
WILL A. RONCo ,
Secretary of State.
Quetry. Is it Governor Nichlolls'
polfcy to allow the Coirts to' pin'iish
crime, or has lie aken n'pon himself
"olders" to closi' o!it unknown crimi
nals at lshort notice The District
Judges' of Calcasien and Felicians
parishes seem to think, by their an
swer to the Governors telegrams, that
they understand their bnsinuess and
their duties.
We trust that the new police jury
will see to it that no favoritism is
shown in the payment of claims due
by the parish. We understand that
the scrip issued for election expeiises
in 1876 is made receivable for licenses
tof 1877. In other words, a debt cre
ated in 1876 was nevet provided for
and is expected to be paid from the
budget of 1877 all of which is always
covered by anticipated expenses. No
wonder the parish is in debt when
such illegal !~inalgmeunt as this oc
curs.
The Commission appointed to sit dn
ling the recess of tihe General Assem
bly, consisting of Messrs. Zacharie,
Chatle, Sclhrieler, Shiakspeal, and
Berry, organized Monday, May, 22d.
This Commission is to examined into
and "'eport 111pil licenses and pmst
charges., The license system to this
State is a grlinding fraud, introdured
by Rieley, the Spanish Governor of
Louisiana when a Province, in order
to kill the industries of the then
youthfuil Colony, and throw all im
migrants and ai tizans into Mexico
and we, in our bli nc bigotry, have
clung to this wreck of despotism like
griin death, when in no other State
have they such laws to drive away
cotnlmerce and hrt!zat:s.
G. T. Beauregard, late General in
the Confederate army, and Colonel
Blatant Duncan, are in correspond.
ence on the Turco-l1oss war. Gen.
lIia'regard sends General Forrest
(by letter) h ti Middle Russia, andl
plays the very devil with the Czars'
supplites (on paper). The G(enk'al
winds up this g,'ohing "what I would
idot)," with
"But I am a man of peace, now
that Lomsiana is free. I remain
your fi iend,
"G. T. BIEAr.'T.Er A.'.
"Col. Blanton Duncan, Louisville, Ky.
The gallant General might have
consistantly added ; "I am alsi Agent
for ChIarley IIoward's Lottery swindle,
and if there are any damned fools in
Kentucky who think ther can beat
it, my dear Colonel, send 'emi down."
Tilhe first number of the Southern
Sportsman accidently found its way
into our office one day last week, and
was read with considerable interest.
It is thel only paper of thelkind puti
lished in the South, and a.s ft home
institution, should receive the en
couragement of Southeri: gentlemen.
and as it "grows in usefulness and
strengthens witl! years" it will be
come a weekly visitor, none will wish
io) be deprived of. The Sportsman is
published in New Orleans, by Messrs.
Goodwin & Babbitt, is handsomely
printed, and bids fair to "climb''
into notice by not 'f arieg to "fall."
We bespeak for the enterprise in this
section a full share of patronage,
andi wish the publ-'hers the!' full
measure of success.
'"I ha:e unsed serdral liotties of
Simmons' Liver Regulator, and you
may record the fact, that my feelings
are so far changed that I can eat
hearty, and am more like a well man
than I have been for years past. I
have suffered four years and aim
grateful for relief.
"J. RAFFERTY;
Periodical Store, 1806 Market St.,
Philadelphia.
II. C. Myers, District Judge of tlhe
late and not lamented Boullt ring, is
at it ,gain. This blundering thief,
alter gobbling up a large amount of
the funds previously paid the School
Board of this parish for proper dis
birsement; and for wlhich he stands
indicted with a strong likeliliood of
conviction, proceeds to take in the
Juno and Seitember apportionments
of 1876, as well as the January bal
ance of 1877. Tile school teachers,
who taught under his regeme must
suffer, as it would be utteriy inipos
sible, as well as nnlawful, to attempt
to pay Myers' old debts from tile col
lections made in future for school
purposes.
Thle schools 6'ould hIve to lie clos
ed for at.least two years to do so, and
the public is not prepared to stand
such a "pospolineiment" in order to
settlo up the dtealings of Henry
Myers.
WVe are velTry sorry fr the teachers;
who rende red honest service, but we
see no relief for them undcer tile law
and tile imperative detnmands of pub
lic good, save, as MIi. Lusher very
properly remarks, out of Myers and
his securities.
A fashion report Isay( th'at gentle
uhen's hlati are provided with a new
kind of ventilator which will last
•munch longer tihan tile h'ole style. Any
thing that will outlast a hole must be
a valuable additiodn to the resources
of a people.
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE.
Succession of Suzctte Benoist, dec'd.
V ICTOR S. BENOIST, administrator of
the sncccssion of Suzette Benoist, de
ceased, who was administratrix of the
succession of Clemence Benoist, widow J.
D. Wood, baying filed in this ofmee his
final account of administration, notice is
1hereb~iygiven to all whom it may con
cerni to make their oppositions thereto in
ten days, otherwise the same will be
homologated and made the judgment of
the court and the administrator's bond
cancelled.
WrrTiss, the lHon. P. A. Simmons, Par,
ish Judge, this 23d day of May, '77.
JNO. LAPLACE,
May 36--2i. Deputy Clerk,
NOTICE.
Sscession of Yalery Gaijnnie.
TERENCE CHALER having tiled in
I this office his application to be ap
,painw!Ladministtr.ator of the Succession
4.
of Valery Gaiernie, notice is hercey giv
en to all personsi to file their oppositions
thereto in teln dla y, otherwise the prayer
of the petitioner will bo granted
Witness the lion. P. A. Sinmmons,
.Tndfe of said -(ourt, this 19th day of
May, A, I). 177.
JNO. LAPLACE,
May 26. l'y. ('lerk.
NOTICE.
Sneeesion of Suzettie Benoist, dee'd.
I ICTOR S. I;I'ENOT, ulinistrator of
tlhe licteession of Suitte elliokt. (lie
eiased, having, tiled in this olice his fiwl
account of Administration, noti-e is
herchy given to all whomn it maly concern
to make their oppositionthit.to in ten
days, otlherwise thlle smn will he o11mol
ogated and made th jmdlgme nt of the
court and the admiin it ratt r's bond can
erlled.
WVrrjss, the Hon. P. A. Simnmos, Pair
ish .Jinlge, thi 21 dav of .!;y Iu77.
.JNO. L.P IAC '
May 26-2i. I 'munty Clerk.
__,i__1 t . :. III ,
[OFFICIAL.]
Proceedings of the Board of
School Directors of Natchito
ches Parish. N
IN pursuance of previhus notice, tlhe
followinºI unc.nld morn!els of the
S~clhool llo: id hItl at 2 P. M., on :Monday, 1
the 2"th d:iy of May, 1877. at the oitice
of William 11. ,Jak, in the town t"
-atehitoehhs, to-wit: lI. 1E ihnntiett,
IR. L., Fanlknr, J. J. I:arin. Rihard
Brown, i'ltnryv Levy, and 1 illi a 11. S
Jack, for illhe prpope of iftect ing a per
liaiet l I : l tl,,"a izat ion.
Th',le sveial iithmIIer, having first ta
kein the oath lliin ch eases pIestribedl by
law, on motion tof that ltlt, E liam
mtet tl wa, e'i1 (1 to the Chair is temporary
Iir.esidint, a:in William II. Jack as See
iet; .v liº" |t:nl. A
\hilre.npon William 11. ,lacki nonmina
tedl William A. Ponder as I're.,idlent of
the l ,ard, whichl 1.,ing duly s ^rnddl
the ite v as taken, andl W. A. Ponder
was Iluit;llll nIonsly sIleited as President Iof
the. I, l ri 'd, attd was soI decolirted.
( in Iotion of Ilenry Levy. William 11.
Jack was nominhated as Slerettary of the
!liortl, whiich heihig dill' seColil(ei, tllh
vote wias takl,i tm lit Williaun II. ,Jali k
was inaiiinio.sly e!ected Secretary ot
the Board.
On miotion of J. J. Mairtin, duly se- fr
comb l , the ftllohihig aniled persons
were duly elivted as a loardl of Examni
iners, Villiaun 1f. Jack, Jas. I.. Cosgrove,
and C. F. l)ruiignet.
) miiotion to that efflet, Henry Levy,
nh.ll..1. M;rlin, and R. Brlown, wire ltp
plintred a Coumliitt tol wait on Henliry
Roiiy, President, Louis )niupeix, Se.re
tary, and II. C. Myers, Treasurlir of ihe
Io'iuer School Board, an dilemand of
the tihe delivery of all t!ie l. Ioksn, Pa.
pers, and Fuondls helohnu~ g to the School L
u(ar1d of this parish, aid to report their
piloeedings at the Vext session of this
Board.
On motion of R. L. Faulkner, a speiall
meeting was oideted for Silaturday(;i the
Itth of .ulone, t 1( Al., whlerenpoltl the C
Board a(llliirncil to said slieial inteetiig. P
(Ollicial.) WILLIAM H. JACK,
Secretarv".
REGISTRATION AND AS
SESSMIENT,
TlE Taxpayers uand voters of Natehi- it
toches parish are hereby notified l
that I will visit the dtlerent polling a
precinets of the parish, on tll ftolowiing 1
days, for tie pulllrpose of Assessing proper- 1
ty for State and iParish taxes, and of
Registering voters, to wit:
Ward 2, II. II. Hathorns, Friday and
Saturiday, JTune 22 andi 23.
,i 3, (rappe's Blufti Motirday and
T1nsdlay, June '5 and 2)6,
" 3, Jiroalldvlls, V tednesday anlli
Thursday, .Jun' 27 and 28.
' 4, Campto, Fridiay ll and Saturday,
Jiune 29 andl 31.
't 4, Butler's Store, Thnursday anid
Fridiay, .July 5 :nid . -
S5, 3enlll h Church, Mondaiy and
Tuesday; July 9 and 10.
"t 6, Glover's, Wednesday andThurs
day, July 11 and 12. ,
" 7, Zion Church, Mon.ay and
T'iesdaiy, July if, and 17.
" 8, Beasel's, W'ednes(lay and
Tlhursidai July 18 Uand i..
" 9 E. Ross', Miouday and Tuesday,
July 23 and 24.
" 10 Cloutierville, . Wednllesday and
Thursday, July 25 and '2ti.
" 11 Carroll Jolne&, Friday 'and Sat
urday, July 27 and 25.
As the timr for completing the rolls is.
very short, the tanspa) ers are relquested
to prepare fulli discriptiops of their
illds, Horses, Mules. Cattle, ragons,
-and( all kindl of taiabhle l4loplcrit, i. ind
havheS h lists ready on the lhias, and at
the placiies above doksigiiat ed.
Under rleent laws, the Assessuor is
chirged with tho dLluti of Registering. j
voters, Ianld in order to vote t fuIture
electiousl, it is aibsolutely litcesialy that t
ithe !11i11('8 shall appelir lon the lnew rolls.
I will be inl my office at all times up
to 22d of June, and on all days Ilt iset
down sabove for Sippointinenlts. Parties
may tfherefqro ucake their assessnients to
In at any such tie es.
J. P. .JOHNISON,
Ascs.or, Natchitochies Parish.
Ofllce with T'ax Collector, St. Denis St.
NatSchtolches, May 21st, 1877.
Cnd IWack mO1Y j.iOlinest stock hi
thl worl, bre acing toveri 3000,000
Chlromnos, Paintings and Choice Printls,
at our clarged ART ROOi10 . All the
ilew anld po ililar sulejevts at iaock-hot
tomr piees. iThe Falls of thie 'rhine, size
21x28o romantic land granll Scene on
the lSusqieha iii, le of the hits of the
season, size 19x27; Lake Lucerne, Swit
zethand, the most beautiful lake iii the
worlI; Isoli Bella, a charming scene iii
Northern Italy, compnanion to the prece
dlung; Off Bohston Light, a leautiful ma
rin, size 14x20, in great demanld; Old I
Oaken Bucket, White Mount ains, Nhmig
ra Falls, Newport, Saratogo, Gathering
Prhimross, At the ea Shore, Padldy i
Difficulty. Also Virgin Vieta, Snow
Storm, Ainericai Firuit, all oIher '2x30
shjects' Floral iilness Cards, Sunday
School Cards Statuary, Mottoes, Black
groiud Prinels, etc Also the finest and
miost coiplete assortmiit of xlI Chro
mos, both on white mounts, blue line,
andL black mounts, gold line. Our stock
embraces everything (desirable for Deal
ers, Agents or Premium purposes, iiuil all
should test our p1riee and quality of
work. The right parties can realize an
independence in every locality hy taking
an agency for our stretched and framed
Chromos. Particulars free. Illustrated
Catalegue on receipt of stamp. Send for
$3 or a5 outftt. Address
J. LATHAM & CO.,
419 Washington St., Boston, Mass.
JOSEPH C KEYSER,
Brickmaker and Layer.
I PREPARED to do all work entrusted
to him quickly and in a workmanlike
manner. Tomb, Chimneys, Cisterns and
other work solicited.
Ofiler left at' BULTARD & CAMP
BELL will be prompt)$y attended to.
Jan. 27, l.
J. A DUCOURNAU,
Cori~r FRONT Aisu CHEIRCI[ Streets,
Natchitoeches, La.
I EEPS CONSTANTLY on hand r,
.coimlplete as ortielt of DI)R
GOO)DS, SHOES, HAT'S, CLOTIING
etc., consisting iu part of:
FANCY GOODS,
ENO I,:SIH AND AMERICAN
IPIN'S, JILEACHEI) ANDI)
BIOWN COTTONS,
I;INEN ILAWNS,
CUTT'I'ONAI)ES
TICKINGS,
PLAID
OSNABIT - S,
CASSINIERES,
BLACK GOODS,
.tlB1ONS,
R11lS, LINENS,
WHITE GOODI)
llOSIERY,
Trimmings of all Kind,
PILANTERS' LINENS,
ARTII'ICIAL FILOWERS,
CROCKEIRY
AN 1)
('IIINA WARE,
FRE;CII
BLACKING
NOTIONS,
IIATS,
SHIOES ANI)
CL,)THING.
Also a full line of Gentlemen's Wenar.
A FULL ASS(.RTMENT
OFP
LASILKS DIES IIPARASOATSLS,
siLK, s PA.iRiASC)LS,
FIsIING LINES
AND I1OOKKS,
I'POCKET KNIVFE,
TOILET SOAP,
PERFUMERIES;
STATIONARY:
.\LL' t'E ABOVE AT BOTTOM PRICES.
Grand Ecore
WAREHOUSE;
WM. FRENCH; Proprietor.
H \AVING p'rchashed tleo business of
liChambers & Batrbee at this point,
;lil sectured their Hservics, I am prepar
ed to ,store and forward promptly, all
'freights and cotton consigned to my care.
tes(, of ir'tgc; iui future will be as
follohv s :
Fifteen Cents per barrel for freights.
'Thirty-five Cents per bale for Cotton.
WM. FRENCH.
March 24-tf.
EXTENSIVE SELL OUT.
Uncle Sam sold his constitution
For 14 Amendments:
U. S Grant swapped Sam Tlldcu
iFor laves and Casey.
HIayes swapped Packird for Nicholls.
Chamberlain sold his tax collectors
To Wade Hampton.
Packard gave the State Iouse as a don
ation Mortis Cause to
Franci.s T. Nicholls.
Jacob A., sohl his stock of goods, wood
yard and ware house
business to Joseph N.
Wolfson.
In retiring from the trade I have been
in for the last 32 years, iq this parish, 1
desire to express my thanks to my friends
and nciStolllrs and eonulend theml to the
new firm who purchases my stock and
have the facilities required to supply
I heir wants: Very Respectfnlly,
JACOB A. WOLFSON.
Grappe's Bluff, March 5, 1877.
- ,\ . , ·  .
Leopold Cartel,
COPPEE HOUSE
Corner FRLONT and HORN Streets.
March 25-ly Lunch free every day.
PHOTOGRAPH GALLERY
-AT
GRAND ECORE.
rictures !
Pictures !!
Pictures ! !
You can have Three Card Pictures taken
for FIFTY CENTS, at the Photograph
gallery at Grand Ecore, La.
A. G. RUDD,
Plroio'grapher.
Dissolution.
David Pierson havring hpeote District
Judge, the Law Fiti.n of Jack & Pierson
is dissolved. The infinislhed business o;
the Firm will be coniducted and settlcit
by the umndersT,'i-ed.
April 23-tf: WM. H. JACK:
LOST OR STOLEN.
NE iLArE li vin mare, . with Texoa
O i ;'d edt on the left shoulder, hvingy ttic
two hind feet white. Also, two treeh,
haS miares, hbranded I). Two cor0 .
I'rainded A. C. and counter brande A, C'.
nd manlly other cattle branded 20'f.
A ýuitable reward will be jpid to the
finder. L. 1). LxPAVI.naln.
FROM HER ASHES.
Tihe Phlenix has put on niew life and now
caters for public favors.
J W arren Suddath
has taken charge and DAN now dispenses
tihe choicest
BRANDIES,
W~ISlKIES,
LIQUORS,
RICH ST. LOUIS BEET ' 6') DRAFI'.
Don't forget, ye thirsty, the Pria:xxl
on St. Denis Street.
Feb. 24.ly
RL. E. BPUIIE,
--dealer in
FnR.ONT S'rmitn', NatelCitoclwes, La.
LUMBE.R I
LUMBER.
-AT
Wn. TRAIMMELL'
STEAM SAW MILL, Five Miles Soith w,
Natchitoches.
Is prepared to furnish at short notir ,
'iolow cash prices:
WM. TRAMMELL-,
1 1, . 2.-lv