Paper olnh Par;hii and ('it> natc1hit1nCh
SAS'. II." V4)i. i nv; - - itr
SATI'I· i).\~r·-- · ;r- 0' ~ Ni V 7
l I:
Solitl Vote.
how that t~h h ntr if ' t .l, ' m I e,, I
:111 a1 l :1 t:hi k of :I;l ie'l ti!n has a
chain 'e of l iii' t ti o II, ; l:Vp l lie,, it ". ,Ih!
.e will to c'all lint II. ton I tsW' : i l'f t 11: " 1 
v2 t."o1" thi I .,,' li' I t ' luI ho t Ipio .
forld r ,r d ti l . L : :,..
that p Ipos ; ish to divide the IDefoe
;irV'c 4141 [Of il l iy ' I rll :..M t" l ' ,tt ihioi i
cra ,'i p1:rty of th;, sixteen Stattes South.
Wedl I, ol lh h:t ayll s for 'at temnptin!
dh: aid a: h falil, l , as ;til lie oini t hali
MII er 11 \' ( a l l (l'l llrc ll ,tt lllee:, w'e l. (1
lol :astol isihed at tlh "S'olid l ot,' of hl'
lh O)ubliean :• oI pollitic-: i1ienl 't io l.'' W e
iiiist re iil'sr that the l;adicl p:arty
illnvi nrllsare l(orl0il men, theiy have livid
on vwr :uil its rude a:l:imni Iih" 'vonteemi
yen r, and by that they won.. Theny hiave
not yet Ilinni away :llilition. llnor d4
they p po~,se' :any more thman we, to I,(,
and they will not yiild it.
W, ii are prodl to sly, that all this
never had ily ef(ect ullloo 1it, ', too}k
Ilay:i; for what hlei was oil lh. WeV were
pl rfirltly wi!lin, to .isil'.inl lih-ih with
hii, it ntlarri;1l/, u;;.41t of the ques
tion. ():if, bl,";1 : 1 ll al v, ' was, that Hiayvl
'wasI Repluhlilan, anld s sullh political
alliliationi ,h,,.ren V hli n nLii d the io:ns.; of
the South \.;:i, 1i,, to he tlo gi ht of.
Maiiny of oit'r Solthlie'n Cteilpiiol'ariesl
w ikelý i.: `\`>i'td'e- . ily f; lie il oi eate
dream of (he S :tillilr, when tlhe lvote, oi
seatinh ; 0lbalm of loui.siana in the
Senate'. ~,'Iilr, ;nil lh:'y now feel like
the Iboy, "u''ii aill over."
Let 1, . 4s r em eb I ' i ; t inc,, that as
long as the Ivernlmeut last.,s, there will
be two poli('cal .la!'ie>', and as men are
lioteI l , y .\ e il "vite ,11111d,' n1 t h Ro
inlch on early eonviihtionis as they do
Ipoll party selntimc'nt.
lanke (llihti, of ('Califoruiia, said once,
that lie had heardi a great many speeches
which hal chan-,ed hiisopiniion, bu t never
one tlihat eh:iiged hiis vote.
Let De1noorl:tie raniks close lup gosh
never yet won a lattlie, it tn!ks hnard
liieks, andil noilt sioft speeches to do that.
(ood1 day iMr. Milyes, oulr hugh has
sol.ded and you must now hll your
owl1.
Payne Police Jury Warrants.
In the proceedings last week our Police
Jury paedºl an ordinance which they in
c tended should not have had the scope
and effect it really did have. What was
intended was to h;ave made the paper
issued in 1675, by the Payne Police Jury,
a bodly that represented the tax-paying
and intelligent citi;:cns of this. parish,
and whose acts were outrageously and
wantonly swept away by the ?nc eedling
body of Radicals, receivable for the
taxes due and collecltable in 1776, instead
of which, the resolution stated "receiva
ble for the taxes of J.i7t(," which are the
revenues of 1877 and held sacred by law
for the expenses incurred during this
year. The tax collector wa-; enjoined
from receiving the paper spoken of for
the taxes of s'7;, and very liltle of the
money was, in consequence, paid in.
Our Police Jury has so far been a mod
el one, and the public are fully satisti d
they did not intend to pass an ordinance
of the character and ecope the resoln
tion of last session was very properly
susceptible of.
The parish finance's now stand on bet
ter grounds than ever before. The cur
rent issue is at par, while all indebted
ness is paid promptly in United States
culrrecy.
The present Democratic members of
the Police Jury are ge'ttlemen of stand
ing and high character, and they have
made a record as offlicials their peot le
and party may well be proud of ; hence
we say that no criminal intent can he at
tached to the passage of an unfortunate
resolntion, which is now very properly
stiopped from enforcement hy law.
To the Editors of the State ofLouslana.
The Louisiana Bureau of Immigra
tion is receiving many letters of in
quiry trom various sources calling for
information for farmers, mechanics,
laborers, business and capitalists who
dosire to settle in this State, or in
vest capital hero. Our bureau nas
issued two descriptive circulars, with
maps, for the benefit of such inquirers.
We have sent off many circulars, and
topies of "Louisiana As It Is," and
written answers ini response to letters
of inquiry. Our bureau has opened
books to receive descriptions of lands
for sale, propositions to lease land, or
to have lands worked on shares -any
propositions that may enlighten the
immigrant who wants to come to Lou
isiana.
We will record all sueh descrip
tions of lands and propositions in our
books, which will always be openled
to puatchasers, and these descriptions
'ill furnish the bureau with an
additional fund of valuable informa.
tion for future circulars, and to be
used in our letters in reply to inquir
ies.
As our board has no funds and no
income except the small amounnt fur
nished by merchants and others in
New Orleans, who subscribe to assist
us in our labors, we respectfully beg
the editors of the State to publish this
notice, for a few weeks or months,
without charge to the board for the
benefit of immigration and the State.
WILLIAM BOGEL,
President.
Office Louisiana Bureau of Immigra
tion, No. 3 Commercial Place, New
Orleans, La., Oct. 6th, 1877.
King of La., Iras not had his name
seat to the Senate for confirmatibn as
Collector of the Port of Now Orleans.
(Gcn. (leo. B. ;McClellan.
Should (Genhu. Gen. B. McClellan
stick as had as he did in the Wilder- IP
ness canlmiig., the Democrats of or
New Jersey uwill make a poor out at ti
clhelting him G overnor of that State. O
I 'at riot- ) emocra t.
Mcle'hllan is a very good civil en
-ineer, hbt as a General he was a ti
a:il ure and as a statesman he is a
!treat er sham, if that be possible.- i
I)o,;inild,iville Chief.
The above clippings ate from two t'
I of outi best country papers comment- t,
, ing upon tihe nomination of Gen. i
SMc('lellan by the De)mocrats as a
candlidtto for Governor of New Jer- f
sey. But of that we do not wish to V
~pe(ak, our purpose is to correct the
!atril-l emocral first, and then show I
how great iminds have differed from
the (hi'fh, about the ability of Gen. º
McClellan
Gen. McClellan "nerer stuck in the
SIildernewss,"' for he connmmandled no
feideral army at the time the cam
paigns of the Wilderness took place.
Hlooker, in 1(;83, and Grant in 1864,
were the Wilderness federal com
manders, and we beg our confrere of
the Patriot to look up the history of
the Lost Cause on this matter, and lhe
will see we are correct. The Chief,
Swe tldJlk...Ulijr,° otflr 'l1tiacfl'it'e
ofccers, as to McClellan's capacities as
is General. lis retreat, after being
odf riven from the lines before Richmond
in 1;_2, showed hiin to be a great
' General, andt1 it should be remember
ed that the gaining of a victory de
Pend-s upon tlie soldiers and the
Gfeneral, while a successful retreat
:l depends upon the General alone.
of The campaign of titý( was a bril
,f. liaut one, both for our arnis and
is that of the Federals, although the
t lIenelits remained with us. After
"'en. McClellan had been assailed and
driven at the bayonet's point from
Co seven lines of entrenchments, with
all the disheaitening effects of these
as
ill defeats, his army successfully resisted
re ours at Malvern Hill ; and even after
so Pope had been routed at Manassas,
dlo McClellan made a most brilliant and
splendid, as to results, battle at An
1' teitam.
'' The Democrats will elect McClellan,
er and in so doing they will endorse his
standing as a soldier and character as
sl a civillian, which the Republicans
thave attempted to belittle and tra
duce. Democratic papers should
ur therefore not echo these dennncia
tions, when they so little understand
the causes from which they spring.
Is It Really So.
We learn from gentlemen residing
in Cloutierville, ward 10 of this par
ishli, that the Governor has appointed
one J. 11. llornsby to the position of
Magistrate of that ward, and that I
much just indignation is expressed
thereat.
Hornshy is a notoriously bad char
acter and was one of the plundering
police jurymnen made to resign in 1874
by an indignant, outraged people,
and it seems that people, who assist
ed in electing the present State ad
ministration, are thus insulted by
their own friends in this outrageous
appointment.
Where are all those promises of
"honest men for office" made by the
Democracy when they were demand
ing the suffrages of our people ? Is
this a sample of "good and true"
magistrates that we were to have
when the new era came ? Why Kel
logg dared not do such a thing as ap
point this fellow to office. Even lihe
had a decent respect for public opin
ion with regard to Hornsby. No
wonder the people of Cloutierville,
one of the most important wards in
the parish, are indignant and loud in
their denunciation of this appoint
ment.
We think this reward of enemies,
the enemies of peace, society, civil
ization and property, has gone quite
far enough, and when it culminates
in the appointment of such creatures
as IHornsby whom the people drove
from office because lie was assisting
in plundering them, all classes be
come justly angered and demand a
change shall be made.
We ask in the name of the respect
able people of ward ten that this fel
low be at once removed ! Their wish
es have not been consulted in the ap
pointment and they are indignant
and insulted when such a character is
given office by a State government
that is supposed and hoped to be vir
tuous.
D'Orsay Ogden the actor, whom the
boys of the old Army of Northern Va.
remember as the manager of Mrs. Mc
Gills Broad Street Theatre in Rich
mond, "jumped the town" of Charles
ton S. C., and left his bills unpaid and
his actors in hoc. Ogden had himself
"embalmed" during the war and tried
to slip through our lines at Fredricks
burg, Va., in a wooden box as the
body of a dead Maryland liner,,but
Stuart's cavalry picked him up and lihe
was sent, after being formally con
scripted, to Castle Thunder. We hbad
not heard of him since, but we see be
is at his old tricks-jumping cities.
Extensive land swindles have been
discovered in the Western States.
Several Bankers and Land Agents
have been arrested for being connec
ted with the fraud. The lands offer
ed for sale were located, on the maps,
in Texas.
The Sectional Party.
"'Mack," the Washington corres
pondent of the St. Louis Globe-Dena- -
ocrat, ,has this to say with regard to 1
the visit of ex-.Governor Dennison of
Ohio to the President for the purpose
of arresting him in his pet policy-
the "Southern pacification."
EX (;OVEIINOR I)IDNNISON tI
is the latest missiona:ry from the Repub
lican party to the White l nouse in hope v
of :arresting thel ack-sliding tendency of t
the abodle of greatn'-ss. l)ennison was
telegraphed for a few days ago, to comieo
here as an old friend of the President, t
and to reason with him about the pro
priety uof chanuging his policy, at least so
far as not to umake it a sin to have snp
ported the Rlepnldicanl ticket Inst fall.
ilH sends word that he is on the way. It
is prohahle that he will talk with the
P'rcsidecnl to-nuorrow Dennison is known
to have expressed the opinion that the
Southern policy and the Civil Service or
der, if persisted in would ruin the Repul
liean party throughout the country, an1
make the election of a Democrat in 1880
inevitable.
We trust our people clearly under
stand what tile talk of Gov. Denni
son means, and, should the talk be
productive of good, what we may all
Sexpect.
f It is another argument, this oppo
f sition to the pacification of the sec
' tions, that the Republican party as a
party of peace, good will and honesty,
e correspondent, who is the editor of
s one of the leading Republican jour
Stalds of the West, tells us plainly that
I unless the Republicans resurrect the
t bloody shirt ; unless they goback like
ghouls to feed upon the memories of
Swar; unless they array the North
e against the South "the election of a
It Democrat in 1880 is inevitable." In
other words, theo Democratic party is
- a National party, a party of peace and
d reconciliation and the only way to
e defeat it is by re-opening war issues
,r and giving the country another era of
1 Grantism with all its horrors.
n This is what is clearly intimated in
i this dispatch ; whether it succeeds or
e not, is with the D)emocratic party.
d Hayes is not the person to conciliate;
,r the people of the Union must see that
s, the Democracy is worthy of their sup
d port ; backed by l(hem it can snap its
i- fingers at Mr. Hayes, the fraud, and
the whole array of plunderers that are
1, backing him, and who hope for po
is litical preferment upon the: ruins of
15 their common country.
The Irish World (N. Y.) pretends
to be a Workingman's advocate,' and
the vociferousness with which it calls
for high tariff, steamship and railroad
subsidies, &c., leads us to believe it
is alfalse friend to the horny handed
laborer. The demagogues cry, of a
"high tariff to protect us from the
pauper labor of Europe," and the doe
mand of "a subsidy to all lines of
ocean transports flying American col
ore" are idiotic clamors that should go
hand in hand; for protection walls
out foreign trade and "ocean trans
ports" would lose money unless paid
by the poor producer.
No man in America except a fool
would attempt to justify high tariff on
any grounds save that of personal in
terest. Protection has gone to the
utmost bounds, and its result is fully
pottrayed in the commercial and ag
ricultural ruin of America. When the
idiots all learn that trade is an inter
('hange of comnodities, this humbug
high tariff scheme will end; and it is
certainly a stupid thing to subsidize
lines of vessels intended to trade in
foreign ports when you debar the pro
ducts of those ports from ours, ex
cept they pay a heavy royalty, which
they do not have to do to other coun
tries.
Transfers of Real Estate.
The following are the transfers of real
estate during the month of October, as
recorded in the Recorders Office.
E. St. Ann Prudhomme to Louis
Swift...................... $360 00
Mrs. Eloise Armant to Hugh Mc
Kenna...................... 600 00
Keyser & McKenna to C Chaplin 1440 00
" ' " J. Dncasse 430 00
" " ".Joe Henry 1600 00
" " "D. Pierson 550 00
Jas. N. Johnson to A. P. Cockfield 1800 00
Total......................$6420 00
Pinchback in the State Senate Tues
day September 3rd 1868. "I want to
tell them to beware. I want to tell
them (the whites) they have nearly
reached the end of their string. The
next outrage of the kind which they
commit will be the signal for the
dawn of retribution- a retribution of
which they have not dreamed, a sig
nal that will cause ten thousand tor
ches to be applied to the city anil it
will be reduced to ashes*"
It is stated that the Democrats can
secure control of the Senate, but they
hesitate to do so. They could have
sworn in a President after the people
elected him, but they hesitated to do
so.
The salaries paid State officers in
Louisiana is $279,640 more than we
paid previous to the war.
Pinchback has gone to Washington
to contest Mr. Eustis' claim to the U.
S. Senate. Pinch should be lifted out
of the School Board during his ab
sence.
Oakey Hall is still in London.
W. C. Gilman, the New York for
ger, is a nephew of Beecher.
Father Ryan is lecturaing in Texas.
Ben Butler is acting quietly on the
President's policy.
NATCHITOCIIES PARISH. J
We are emtlantllv in reljipt of letiers from
pnarties in the North. principallv from Indiana.
making inquirie's if laidls in this parish, their
price. and the terms upon which they could Ihe
bought.
A' grreat. manly pe,('.1s' owningr lands llhere
are willinrg to se'1, blit it is difficutlt to buy ft'rloi
tllhe in small tracts. 'Il'herefore. colonies
should leI ftimed by those in the North who
wish to emigrate South, and one of theirl
IItitnumber shiouhld ciome as al advalnce' agent to
link at the coiu 1tr", see the' 1111s. jiudlg of the
climate and soil. and make such other arranIge-'I
tm-ritsa 11a1s ty tic tolSsrl'y',
People Norlth are natually creduloul s when
we tell of the fertility F our soil, the gi-ial
ty of oulr liie, and tl cheap prire of laul.,
'andt our mo',1h' woul I h Itltipret''r l he) shithul
cotrie anl see for thlremrelves., Large bodIlies of
lnltds are niow lying idle. and have liv-eni since
the war. that previous to it iwere iI cultiv:ition :
this landl is situated on Can'e, Little. Old anrd
Red Itivers. and their nnmerous tributary hatv
ous and streams. and is of the finest alluvial
soil. This lautl is in large' tracts and cannotll
he iought except in bulk: therel'or' it is best
that theII colnies should purcllhase it in pquiantii
ties. and then divide it up to suit their- conu
V'ellr'lltc i allid w'aIIts.
It this plan. lands iof this quality can he had
fi hr lss than fifteen doll:as pr' acre, and on
long time, with a 'esi 1 aIvn mot.
An agout of colonties. if stationed here du
ritlg the Wi-nute, could buy at Sheriff's and
Si-cession Sa'le, FOI t'Asli. a large l iiantit"
0 of the best lands at even less than ten dollars
per acre. We know of a plantation of SOo
acres. which will blie sol at Syndic Sale in a
feiw days, of the finest lRed River hIottn landl,
that can e' purchased for less lthmi ceight dol
- ars a nacre. This plllltat:lin would tmake six
splendid farnms for immigtranlts of tile class we
desire. Besides this, over "(|.Olit acres of the
saume class of land, for sale in largei tracts. andlt
situated below Cloutierville. on Cane RiveTr,
close to transportatitt : soil alluvial, witlhin
ten miles of the New i)rleans Pacitic Railway,
- which the owners will sell for $15 per cre',
with one cash payment, say onre-fourth r or o11
third, with long credit for thle remainder.
ta Our Lands.
We'o extrnt the f,,llewing iitoenlration from a
Circular Ihll] lishledu1.k 'wevr r s, eagu .t .w.itI re
"The s it of tife Parish may be divided into
two distinct kinds; the alluvial, or bottom
land, and the lupland.
The forcer is a rich deposit, similar to that
of the I)lta of the Mississippi. he'in the ac
ceinlation of centu'ries, inexhaustihle in its
character, and cultivable with less labor than
any known lands in the Union. Indeed, we
a.rle forced to admit that this natural fertility
alnd ease ot cultivation have had the etli'ct to
lprevent that deve'eloluent and imprvmeenet of
its rIesnolrce's, by the use s of new and nmore valn
ahlo a'lricnltural implements, which would have
bee'n rescorte'd to, had the Inluds been less fruit
fulmlnaturally. and relsoledl less readily to sun
perficial clt ivation. The alluvial tbottoms
were ierm.elly oce'lpie'd prinlcipally by lat ge
,roprietors, working very large plantations,
:ealcll under one lnagellllenllllt and bi large num
hers of slave laborers; and we ere confined to the
prloduction of the grcat staple of the Soutlh.
Tlhus, nearly all the capital of this section
under the slaveryv v'sttcom Ras invested in
these river pla'ltati,,ees, and the uplande' wvere'
alecost entirely neglez'cted, and when worked
at all. only in small qcualt;ties or parcels, by
polrler people, who had net the mecans to em
lploy slave labor thereon, while white labor,
fromn thie very nature ofel our political condition,
hlad nuo inducelments othlred it for exertion
thereon. The war and its inevitable conse
quences, the lost impol'tanlt of' which was the
ealncipation of slaves', has etl;.eted a stupen
dous chan'ge, and swept. away. with almost
mlilareulous swiftnless, an agricultural system of
nearly a centurvy' growth, leaving these rich
lands unceultivated for want tl lablor. this being
the unavoida:lle result of the abolit:oll of the
aeenmulation of eeebersof hands on compara
tively few plantations, and scattering these
handts over an immense territory susceptible of
cultivation. Thulls it will be seen, that these
wonderfully fertile lands, and this productive
soil, which. ten years ago readily commended,
where it was cleared, and provided even with
ordinary improvements. from one lhundred to
one hundlred and fifty dollars pe'r acre, were by
the inexorable force of events deserted, and
the
Prices have Fallen
so that now they can readily be purchased, on
Ifvorable terms as to payment, at from live to
fifteen dollars per acre. and land easily cleared
may be bought in suitable quantities on long
terms, for inmch less. The other class of lands,
via: the uplands, while inferior to the alluvial
or River lands in fertility of soil, are still of ex
cellent character and irodluctiveness, and they
aflHrd advantages in many respects which are
not possessed by the alluvial bottoms. These
uplands are sufficiently rich in soil to stand
many years cultivation, without resort to ex
traneous fertilizers, and judicious changes of
crops enable them to be cultivated for a long
tiue, without incurring the expense of emplov.
ing these fertilizers. The convenience of all
necessary timber standing within arm's length
of those who settle on these lands, the fine
springs of water, which well up over the whole
country, are inducements, borh to comfort and
prolit. which are high recommendations. While
much of this latter description cf land belongs
to individuals, a very large quantity sl;ll he.
longs to the United States government : that
belonging to individuals, can be readily pur
chased from one to three dollars per acre, and
that of the government, as well known, can
be acquired at a cost which is really nominal.
Health.
A very mistaken impression prevails in re.
gard to the health of the alluvial sections. It
is trankly admitted that chills and fevers. and
such diseases as are incident to mankind in al
most every locality, snech as catarrh. affect our
population at times, but the mortality of our
'arish is ,'ot greater than will be founld amnon
the same number of people engaged in agricul
tural persnits in the North, the West and the
Northwest. and than the uplands--no healthier
country is to be found in the whole Union. It
is a well established fact. which cannot be snc
cessfully contradicted, that no case of cholera
or yellow fever has ever been known to origi.
nate in the uplands or pinewoods section of
North Louisiana, even during the epidemic
re.valence of these diseases in the South and
,outhwest, and they are constantly resorted to
in the summer and fall months, bhy invalids
from other sections, on account of their health.
iness.
Productions.
The soil of the Parish is adapted not only to
the production of cotton, corn and srear cane,
ulnt also of nearly every description of grain,
and of all the friuits and vegetables raised in
other sections. As we have before stated, prior
to the late war, our large agriculturalists con
fined themselves almost exclusively to the
cultivation of cotton for exportation and sale,
and corn for domestic consumption.
Cotton Receipts, 1877.
Received pre viously......384 bales
" This week......108 "
Total receipts...........492 "
SPEAKER RANDALL.
The election of this gentleman to the
position of Speaker of the House of Rep
resentatives by the democratic party
seems to have unnerved the Tom Scott
people all around. The large vote he se
cured in caucus leaves no room for caril
or doubt.
Our opinion of the Southern Pacific
Railroad and the subsidizing of the same
by the general government has never
been crystalized. We have seen the dis
astrous result to the whole country from
these rail road jobs, and it was but a short
time ago that the entire democratic par
ty condemned the whole principle as un
republican and unconstitutional.. The
Democratic party must be a party of
principle to succeed, and its success has
been our cherished ambition. Those prin
ciples must be based upon and emanate
from the constitution of our country and
the traditions from its framers.
Low tariff, gold and silver the legal
tender, anti-National Banks, State Rights
and local government, are the points at
issue for the patriot. Subsidizing Rail
roads, granting aid to private corpora
tions, are the offsprings of radical repub
licanism, and against which the whole
people turned in 1876 and overwhelming
ly elected Mr. Tilden President. Let the
democracy be a party of principle, not of
expediency, and to that end those who
cherish it most will be gratified at the
election of Mr. Randall.
The New Orleans Times has added
blackguardism to its already long list of
serene accomplishments.
The New Orleans Republican is to
be revived.
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
SIERI1F'S SALE.
Jnles Ducasse vs. Mrs. Eloisc Armand
and John C. Triclihl.
District Court, No.- N
Y virtue of a writ of Fi, Fa. issued 1
by the lIon. District Co: rt in and
for the Parish of Natchitoches, and to th
nm directed, issued on a twelve monits in
Bolndll of Mrs Eloise Armland and J.lohn
Triehel, in fi'avor of .Jules Ductsse. I
hav'e seized and will ofler for sale ito the
last and highest hidder at the door of l,
Court House in the city and P'arish of b
Natchitoches, on II
Saturtday, Ist day of December, 1e77, w
thle following propert., to wit: I
A certain lot of ground situated in the o
Parish of Natclhitlchl's, hlaving a frolnt
of sixty friet on Sibley Street, and run- r
ning back for a depth one hundllrl d andil ri
sixty-five feet, bounded north by Sibley
Street, south by lot of 'cetijean, east. by
Third Street, and west by ly t of S 1.
Il'vants, together with all the buildings
I and inlprovemll ts thereoln.
Also a certain lot of groulllnd sitiiated
in the Town of Natchitches, and known
.and described as lot No. S on plat of lots
S1~ur' ye'd on loth day of July by Sam'i. .
I" A. Burdick, having a front of sixty-six
feet on Sibley Street, with a depth t ofone
" hundred and sixteen feet, bounded on
a the cast by Third Street. west by lot No.
9, north by lot fiormerly belonging to
l Antoinll Prudhonnell anlid wife, with all
the buildings and illirovelinents thelreon.
© Also another lot of ground situated ill
the Town anlid iarish of Natchitoches.
fronting sixty-six feet on Sibley Sttreet,
alnd running back oni huntlred  and sixty- 1
.. ,,, .t c h' b etif ,ui frlll the
t of Marci, 1870, with all the buildings
and improvemients thereon.
it Also a certain lot of ground situated
in the City and 'Prish of Natchitoches,
i and nullllbered 11, running eighty-two ftiet
six inches, on south side of Church
ty trelt, parallel! lines, bounlded oni the
tl east lby lot No. 10, on the wvest by lot No.
12, on the north by Church Street, aind
r on the South by lot belonginlg to or used
it by St. Josephli's College, together with
all the buildings and ilmiprovellents
"" thereon.
Also anl undivided one-fourtih interest
nl in and to three certain lots of groundil in
it the town of (Grand Ecore, Parish of
It Natchitoches being Ilnulillcberel 3X-31 anld
in 10, each hlavinig frbont of seventy ftet oll
r' Second Street, andi runnlilng back for
Sdepth one hulllllndredll and sixty feet, ltiUnltl
cj. ed north by Second Street, soutllh by an
Ir, Alley, east by Rent Street, land west by
n, lot No. 37, said lots being so nullllimbered
" il on a plat of said 'own of' (;rand Ecore.
m lnladce by Louis Pe!le, on 27t;1 dlly of Ma'y,
-n 1836. Scized as the lroilperty of' the Dc
it felltalt, Mi'rs. Eloise Armlandl.
h Terms of Sale.
CASHI-without the hcnefit of ap
prrraisement.
se D. II. BOULLT, Ja..
of Oct. 27.-tds, Sheriff.
,ae!
SHERIFF'S SALE.
Jerome Sarpry and Neristin Metoyer vs.
Win. 11. Bonllt.
District Court, Parish of Natchitoches.
No. 8161.
BY VIRTUE of a writ of seizure and
sale in the above entited suit and to
nme directed, I have seized and will offer
for sale to the last and highest bidder, at -
the door of the Court House in the city
and parish of Natchitoches on,
Saturday, 1st., day of December 1877,
the following describe.ldpropcrty to wit:
A certain lot of ground in the town and
parish of Natchitoches, with the dwelling
honse and inmrovements thereon, said
lot being on the North side of St, Denis
Street, fronting on said street, bounded
East by the lot belonging to Theodore
Schuman, West by Third street, purcha
sed by Mine. Desirir Hertzog from Dr.
Thurbur, and purchased by defendant at
Sucession sale of Mnle. Doselir llertzog,
to satisfy the vendors privilege and spe
cial mortgage on said property.
Terms of Sale :
CASH, with the benefit of appraisement.
D. II. BOULLT, Jr.
Oct 27 tds Sheriff.
CONSTABLE'S SALE.
Oran Capmartin vs. Antoine Twine.
Justice's Court, Ward No. I.-No. 15.
BY VIRTUE of a writ of Fi. Fa., issued
B in the above entitled and numbered
suit, and to me directed, I hn:vo seized
and will offer for sale to the highest bid
der, at the plantation known as the Lake
Jerico Plantation, on
SATURDAY, the 10th day of Nov. 1877,
the following described property to wit
2000 pounds of cotton in the seed, more
or less.
I Bay Mule.
1 Black Mule.
I Dunn Horse.
Terms of Sale :-Cash, with the benefit
of appraisement. A. L. BRETEL,
Oct 27-tda Constable Ward 1.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
John Genoe & Co., vs. L. VanSchoubroek.
Parish Court, Parish of Natchitoches.
No. 1601.
BY VIRTUE of a writ of Fi. Fa., issu
. ed in the above entitled and number
ed suit and to me directed, I have seized
and will offer for sale to the last and high
est bidder at the Tan Yard of L. Van
Schoubrook in the parish of Natchitoches
on
Saturday, the 10th day of Nov. 1877,
the following described property to wit:
2 Cows and Calves.
30 Sides of Harness and Sole Leather.
15 Calf and Deer Skins.
7 Sheep Skins.
4 Goat Hides.
500 Sides of Beef Hides. in process of
being tanned.
Terms of Sale :
CASH, with the benefit of appraisement.
D. H. BOULLT, Jr.
Oct 274td m Sheriff.
SUCCESSION SALE,
Successsion of Victorine Gagnier, dcc'd.
IN ACCORDANCE with contract and
agreement made by the heirs in said
succession and filed this day in the Re
corder's office parish of Natchitoches I
I will offer for sale to the last and high
est bidder on the plantation of the de
erased near Campte, La. on
Wednesday, November 7th, 1877,
the following described property to wit:
The north west quarter of south west
quarter of section 28, township 12, north
range 6 west containing 40 33-100 acres ;
south west quarter of north west qunarter
section 28, township I2, north range 6
west containing 40 33-100 acres; south
half of north east quarter, section 29,
township 12, north range 6 west, con
taining 80 86-100 acres ; north east quar
ter ot south east quarter; west half of
south east quarter, section 29, township
13, north range 6 west, containing 121
27-1000 acres; amounting in all to two
hundred and eighty two and 79-100
acres of land.
And also the following described move
able property: One horse, one large
ox wagon, one small two horse wagon,
20 head, more or less, of cattle.
Terms and Conditions of Sale:
CASH on the spot.
R. P. QUARLES.
Oct 20-tds.
SUCC('ESSION SAL.
Suecesion of Sc:ezte .1Iorin, l're Lou- Sa
is iMorin, De'1d.
BY virtue of an order of the lonora
hle .edge of thle Parish Court oft ii
Natchlitoches, I will oiler for sale at the I
late residelnce of Widlow Lollis Moran, onil
1!'edesll day, the 7th November, V177,
the following described 1ropet' y belonlg
ing to s'aid iiiccesshion, to-wit: th
A certain tract of land in this parish, sit
containinlg lahmnit fur huiiulred .Tpents, t
more or less, situ ted in Il l re rvelle, Ioil I
botb, sides of ('am, River, hounded above si
by land of M"Ine, C. N. l.olnes, brlow by I,
atlands of dieal Cont andl .JIrry Jos. In
with all the iinprovemcnlts thereon, said
land being divided in lots, atrd will ihe l
sold in lots of one hundred arpents, mIore o
or less each.
Lot No. . 1. On the right side of said
river, dseindiung, hounded below by
Jerry Jolnes.
loot No. 2. On right side, honihded
above ly Mine. (C. N Ip,ltes. -
Lot No. 3. On left side, bounded above
by Mine. C. N. loillnes.
Lot No. 1. On hlIft side, lounlded Ielow
hv J,"ai l'ouint.
Also a certain lot of household furni
tllre, &C t,
Tenrs of Sale,
For the nmovalbles Cash. The lands,
oine fnlrtlh cash, at d the hallance paya- c
hle in equal instaliieuits ill 01e and two
ve:irs fromll day of sale. i nrichaselrs toI
Igi've their Notes for the credit terms, t
p aLable respectively, one and two years
Sfrom dayl of sale to lthe order of the Ad
Slininistrlto, hearing 1 wr cent intierst
tfromi day of sale, thlie notes to le secullred
lbyv special iimortgage and vendor's pirivi
'le, retained and the sale to be miade
wit in ine clause r nuonl nnllOllla ullu.
C. B. MORIN,
Oct ('-5t. Adminisiitrator.
SUCCESSION SALE.
i Succession of Anaise lletoyer, Vre C.
N. Roques, Jr.
1 Y virtue of an order of the lfonoralle
tl ldge of the Parish Court of Natclhi
1 toclhes, I will olttr for sale on the prenlis
1 is of the late residence of the deceased.
oil
4 1Fednesday, tile 7th .orember, l177,
) the following described property of said
lc e';ssioll :
A clertalin tract of land in tihei parish of
r Natchitoches, on the right liank descenld
ijg of Cane Rivier, boulnded above by ,J.
E. Roilqles, below by Ilherinolgee ]Roijies.
in the rear by A. M. Mletoyer, and in
Sfrollt by ('lloe River, contaillilng one
uniildred and twenty arpent.s, imore or
les.
TTierms of *Yale.
One third cash, the balance payable in
twelve monthlis, the purchaser to execute
his notes for the credit term, payable to
the order of the Administrator, in twelve
months from day of sale, and bearing 8
per cent interest troll day of saLe, and
to be secured by special mlortgage and
vendors privilego retained, and the sale
to lie made with the clause of non-aliena
l tion.
ALEX. DUMAS METOYER,
Oct. 6-3t. Administrator.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
Writ of Fi. Fa. t11 Twelve Months Bond.
B Y VIRT'UE of a writ of Fi. Fa. issued
- by the I on. Pa rish Court of the par
ish of Natchitoches and to mie directed,
issued on a twelve months bond of Am
broise 1)e'lieux and Muarzelie Deblieux,
aided and authorized by her husband
Alexander Deblieux. in favor of Aaron
H. Pierson, Syndic of the creditors of the
succession of Jean It. Cloutier, Sr., dec'l. r
I have seized and will offer for sale to
the last and highest bidder at the door :
sf the conrt-house in the city and parish u
of Natchitoches on t
Saturday the 3d day of Xorember, 1877,
the following described property, to-wit
1. A certain plantation situated about
seven miles below the town of Natehito- i
ches, on both sides of Little Red River
and containing about 476 superticial ar
'pents and being the same acquired from
J. J. Lambre by public act on the 20th
November, 1827, with all the buildings
and improvements thereon.
2. Another traet of Land on the right
bank of Little River descending, centain
ing about 211 44-100 arpents hounded be
low by the tract above described and
above by the land described in No. 3, the
fillowing tract, with all the improve
ments thereon, the same aclquired from
J. B. 0. Buard by public act on the 16th
February, 1862.
3. Another tract on the right bank des- I
cending said river next above the tract
described in No. 2. above, containing
about 117 85-100 arpents, more fully des
cribed in the inventory, and the same ac
Iquired from Jose1ph Soldini by public act
on the 22d December 1858.
Also all of the present growing crops
of corn and cotton on said plantation or
tract of land.
The above described lands will be sold
as one plantation.
Terms of Sale:
CASH, in ready money without the
benefit of appraisement.
D.H. BOULLT, JR.
Sept. 29 tds. Sheriff.
SUCCESSION SALE.
Succession of A. H. Pierson Sr., Dec'd.
BY virtue of an order of the Hon. the
lParish Court in and for the Parish
of Natchitoches, and to me addressed, I
will sell to the last and highest bidder
at the Court House door in the city and
parish of Natchitoches, on
Monday the 29th day of October, 1877,
the following described property, belong
ing to said succession, to-wit:
A certain house and lot known as the
Office, situated on the north side of St.
Denis Street, bounded op the east by
office of Mrs. John Blair Smith, and on
the west by property of Mrs. Ausito Rou
bien.
Terms of Sale.
On a credit of twelve months with
good and approved security.
D. 11. BOULLT. JR.,
Oct. 13-tds. Sheriff.
SIIERIFF'S SALE.
Jean Conant, Administrator, et. al. vs.
H. O. Roques- Parish Court-No 913.
Jean Conant vs. Ii. 0. Roque- Parish
Court-No 941
BY VIRTUE of two writs of Fi. Fa., is
iued in the above entitled and numn
bered suit and to me directed, I have
seized and will offer for sale to the last
and highest bidder at the door of the
court-house in the city and parish of
Natchitoches on
Saturday the 17th day pf Nor. 1877,
the following described property, to wit :
A certain tract of land situated on
Cane river, about 19 miles below the
city of Natchitoches, bounded above by
lands of N. P. Metoyer and below by
lands of Terence Chlaler containing sixty
acres, more or less, together with all the
buildings and improvements thercon.
STerms of Sale.
CASH-with the benefit of appraisement.
D. H. BOULLT, Ja.
Oct. 13-tds. Sheriff.
Beverly Tucker,
General Collector.
,P All Accounts promptly collected
SUC('('ESSION SALE.
,S:'rr,,cc~hit /f John Wolelellt, dea'd,
[} Y v\irtue of ord,-r is.slud :ld rlel
I) to nei by the lii n. I 'atl i ('u
the parish (f Winll. State of Lo,, o,•
I will other Ifor sal. to tle I at ,ul1 11
cSt hidhlldr, at or lnr r the pI''lllises to le
sohl0, lon
ifednesday, :31s dyI of OefbMer., 1,
Sthe followirkn dlesrild tract oif Iia
situated in to [ b i isli of NatlhiitIhep'
State of Louisialin, Oil the soulth Hide of
six (t) w~st. 'fil i iitiig I hlie h11iuud
andl frty-i Wiioan. airis, Imornr or
I,.ing lots 2 and1 :L. i, a track of land o.
taining :11.1 al'res: hIndeld on the Nortb
hv lIatl i\ier. ll the ea.t Iby, L Athaonr
ollposite the lad lit Pierre ilthsset
Tcrme of Sale :
CASll-suijelit to iapilraiseraent.
ALIFR:IID WAI))ELL,
Selpt. 29.-td.s. Adliuhistrate,
SHIEIFF'S SALE.
Jolin Syvester vs. IFrank Mitchel.
Y VIRTItI of a writ ori seizure a -
sale in the a:love rltitrled suit ai4
to rile directedl, I ihave ,ired and Will l
her for snae to the liast andlll highest bi
der, at the door of tilh c"ort-house in tlk
city and parish ofi Natchitoches, on
Saturday ( orembcer 3d, 1877,
the following described PrOperty, towit.
e A certail tract or parcel of land sit.e
- ated in the lparish of Niatcliitoches, Stat
t of Loisiian, anlid liing all that portionot
1 the sounth west qnlarter of section number
- seven in township nllumber ten, range
' numbler seve, lyingll south of Bayo
liilllri,,.ri, ilndl contaiuing one httndr
acres, more or less, together witha l the
buildings and inprovements thereon.
Terms of Sale :
CASH, with the lienetlt of appraiserret,
D. H. BOULLT, JR.
Sept. 29-fds. 8herilf.
e SIIERIFF'S SALE.
J. S. Stephens, vs. F. M. Hartman,
Parish Court, Parish of Natchitoee,,
No. 1602.
d Y VIRTUE of a writ of Fi. Fa., ieas~
in the albove entitled and numbaer
suit andl t a me directed. I have seilu
and will offer ftr sale to the latsi
highest hidder at the door of the aow$
house in the city and parish of Natabi
n toches, on.
>r Saturday the 3d day of Norember, 187,
the following described property, to-wit:
A certain tract of land with the boil.
ings and improvemehnts thereon sitnate
n in the Parish of Natchitoehes in'the 8tat
e of Louisiana being the south west qlrutr
0 of section No. 28; the north west qusde
the north half of the south west quart
8 of the south cast quarter and the south
i1 west of the north east quarter of secties
i1 No 33 and the south cast quarter of a»
le No. 29 in township 9 north range 9 wea
- containing six hundred and forty acre
said tract of land being better knows
and described in the townships mahpel
the Land Office as a Rio Hondo claim of
the legal representatives of Antonio Meot
No. If,4 and designated in said misp;
section 39 township 9 north range 9 weal
. Register and Receiver's report 1840.
A Terrms of Sale :
r- CASH
Ii, D. H. BOULLT, Jd.
ii- Oct 13 -tds. Sherit
x. - -
NOTICE.
Succession of Alida Taulzin dec'd.
THEODORE SCII'MAN having ap.
plied to be appointed Administrator
of the Succession of Alida Tanzin, dee'd,
notice is hereby given to all parties t$
terested, to show cause within ten dis
from the publication hereof, why t
prayer of petitioner should not be grant
ed.
Witness the lion. P. A. Simmons, Par
ish Judge, this Oct. 25th, A. D. 1877.
W. II. TUNNARD,
Oct. 27-2t. Clerk.
SPECIdL .N'OTICiE
STATIC TAX COLLECTOR'S OFFICE,
Notchitoches, La., Oct. 15,187.t
An impression seems to prevail aibDg
many persons, that the Auditor has ez*
tended the date of payment of tatl I
know of no law authorizing the Auditot
or any one else to suspend the Revenw
law at will.
The law which governs tax collecto
is imperative and thcy have no optioa
lnbut to oiey it.
In the desire to save trouble and cods
to tax payers I again notify all percas
interested that I shall execute the law
litterally.
L. N. LANE,
Oct 20 -tf. Tax Collector.
VINDICATOR
Book 4 Job
PRINTING,
ST. DPENIS SRTET,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
-00
We would respectfully call the atten
tion of Merchants, Lawyers and all oth
ers in need of Job Printing, to our s s e
rior facilities for the prompt sad trsteni
execution of everything needed in that
line. We have first-class practical work
men employed, and personally attend tO
everything entrusted to us, and are thu
enabled to give our patrons just what
they want.
EVERY DESCRIPTION
-OF
BOOK & JOB
PmRNTITG,
SUCH AS.
BILL HEADS,
LETTER HEADS,
NOTE IIEADS,
BILLS OF LADING,
STATEMENTS,
DRAY TICKETS,
ENVELOPES,
CIRCULAS,
CARD)S,
LABELS,
POSTE RS,
PROGRAMM ES,
AUCTION BLLS,
PAMPHIIETS,
INVITATION,
BALL TICKETS,
BRIEFS,
CIIECKS.
NOTES,
I)DRAFTS,
We do all kinds of Job Work at the
VERY LOWEST PRICES
and our styles ac not to be surp.asl!
"