, i ;ll e', ,,l l 5 <. 11ll, . Augggl:L JI I RMA 1, M r I jl At get mmaa mus mines 11(@ psI a,'.t,,-n' ' I,,."L A L I& I tp
6 Lt I opl it's 4'itsrtil tor. -- -- -
Sdfcl rti inr 1ate s. I,
- ----- - I h- -u1~ -' u t- iJ
-, ,
g..IU"i"""' ; ', i II U II 00 5, II D25 J.H. COSCI
, ,,,alt . -' .. C iii i :1 'I U' I " 0 "" Ii I ll -I I Ochio h s ar heO,"sltT .. .t fl
. '1 1700 111 :, 2 :1 t 10 35
pro . :14 u(t 011 :1 5 0 111 4V 14) n
- THE, WLF:r O IS THIlE SUPRIIIIE LW. suIlsc.i, lio,, OFr.
nI l n! :Ilf.. p ll II) Il l l) I ll
"I t"" " fll" ' ( 111 " ""' "T .111f Official Organ of the White Citizens of Red River, Sabine, Winn and Natchitoches Parishes< si, ,,,,,,,,, ,.,,, ,,
,, nin, , ,, , ,B ;,ir.t i n,,, n t , , I ,,,,, -V O l l. oI . .. AII I.,,.,,, . . ,., , , , ... . , , --
g", inartir:; tn " , ";:2;lr I " V L. Il. I NII I IC..,I., H IU U T 4, 1877. I
BUSINES6 DIRECTORY.
1 K.\tllN-Fl tih mri 'I,,ie,, Corneir 3,1 and
SSt. I n.i i S tr eets
Ac tl.1 YEI'tI-WoI.. ail itla karnith Wotrk,
1 . ('hiIc St r eet
A Ii:INi -Th [i , V'" lStd -Il er 'Gait i ns,
A 1 M.\L 'li--l ue'l ta ttott St )ceni Stelt"i.
A LEX I ,E1 lEE N ot lIty ', lii, .°il. ltni
U EVkl!L1 T I 4 1':-G t ral ('ile tilli
II IIgt 't, l:T'l W\V'.I:E;-\V,,,lw,,rk od
h . k n a1. ntithiun (,',o. ,e :11 i a .l :tnd , S tt.ley "
B lI'ItoH.+-Gun nd Pistol .ol, madle ,ad
t ll, paired. St. D hi ui, St reet.
r ) t r t 1 Et.'lt K I ' t 't. -I, lt r hr, uti. lNi:t
LI EPlSt.'ti S-'n t in it4 b aroil ..toreer aI
Ill [15. -'N( IMI. ltitIt 'IA PL LIN -.t.
tlinsat ,i t t aw, it~. Washinl tn tle.
3 L-+ I)I .I'M N f. hEV\-t I",.m ilv G r'n'e.ie; andt l
, thon d Mtler hantdizi. Fliro, t istreet.
J . L ',ot II I a t flt 'l Tl n Il- l 'i " (;,ods. ro
S'liM0 and Generaiil, l i ehianlize, So
Aiit- fr ,tcrt w litrnt Shows, Frtruln stret.
t 11asonii Lrdge, Jefrit( Street ..
(I' EONTlEll',T-I"lanters I citel.--- F.wnobi
O RItES -Boot and Shoes inule and repair
Sedt, St hin, in Street.
SEtlE DW. KDA.I rhN ..ieni'rhr Il,val No
G urtare I'blic, Courtl M;ultt .ld stret.
'[ ENlVt G;E NI-th:rcter Oak Stoves and
1 Tinware. Front Strei trt.
J KAFI"I".I --r13 '.oods nd t ; ocelies, Front
Del" Street.
H LITCHITENSTEIN-General assort,,nut
* Dry (Goads anod ! Groer'ies, m}'ntu tree t.
HARRIS JAFF.L---Dry (;oodts and lraetries,
J eFront street.
liEY-C1'., Surveyor St. Deni. street,
. IIMO N-1)r (roy od and I;roeris, Wash.
* ington Street.
r .ACO lS-Dry Godsi and Groteries, below
J the Dirt bridge. Jettersi n Street.
JOIN RU.'ITSCA-DLiry Goods and Grroceries,
b tlow the Dirt bridgeT Jefferson Sttret.
J O.GENOE & CO-Dry Goods and troceriest,
Washington street.
AS. GpEN IUd -Drv g ods and rot 'oer'iers. car.
Sner.ieterson and Amulet Streets.
J W. SUDDATFI-The Phnenit-Choice Li
Sqenors and Cigars, St. Denis Street.
JA . 1 R N. TUCKER--Attorney at Law St.
-Dis StTreet, .re rd
1. KING--...Watchmnaker and Jeweler, St.
Denis street.
J DSNCKI EMAN---IIarness and Saiddler,
' Washington street.
JC. TULICE ,--Genteralk.1erchlngi tensh
D ECAST -eneral Assortment of lt er-ti
Schandlize, Washington street. D -
J Si.S'EPHEN\S-Lumbhr Yard. intersetiin)i
. Front. Lafayette ailt Wastitgton streets'
J J. MR c ) K & K Re .--nam ral nd holest ler
"JJ and Retail Dealer asld sole .bgut flot Was,
onts, Washingrr n street.
I A. I)T'CORN.I'-Lrt, 'anc and Ftaple, 1)r
S* G,,nods, Ilo,,s, Shoes, Hlt+ts and Clothing,
Fret* street
L C 1 i RE.-The (.'ietm roi. , choi'e
L aines, aLid rs and Sp'igars, Front street.
EVY& PII[ItLTPS-Fill stark Fancy and -
Staple Dry Goods and Groeri +,Front sWt.
. DUPLEIX--Laud Agent, '. Denis street.
OR.S & DRANGUET- Attorieys at Law,
hlastreet. corner Tradan,
SH. CARVER--Dry Good. Groceries and A
*" General Merchandize, Front street.
0 TSCIAFFRATII-Hoot and ShoB Maker,
" St. Denis Street.
O CAPMARTINe-Goneral assortment of
" coolys of all kinds, ,efferson _t-eet.
VEULEMAN - Undertaker, Washington
P Street.
SPORTE.--aker, Jeffearson treet.
* Groceries, Washington street.
* St. DOnis Street.
NELKIN8.- Dry Go--s ad Groceries, J Cff
* erson Street, below Dirt bridge.
Professional Cards.
M. A. Dunn,
'i cian and Surgeon
*_ igomery, La.
!. JP. CUfJ.1IJ eIIHJ.,
ATORNEY ATLAW.
44Cmodet Stret, Ni-w OBLEAN S, LA.
WH t.Nt1 . Jane and December terms
Scourts at his old home
(Sucoqaor to JAcK & I c u)
Attorney and Coup r at law
NATCHrpCHES, LA.
I L practice i tihe Conrts oflNalthitoch
WUijiPDseSMr led Rivert, Win, Rapides,
Ot mea. d i- the, Bpreme Court of the
"anR M. wevy,
Ad'lRNEY AT ?LA .
xihated the Practice of his PrOfesion
N iit t the lariu ;su DOtrt
tLouisniana Unjzedgati, Die
WWICoua ofLolaana Jand tr. S.
,4*d at residence on Second St. ,
- NATCHITOCHES, LA.
icy -
MORSE & DRAN(' iUET.
.1 TTWl.VEYS .IJ)D ('Y)NI,.tI.(1'.N IT
S.1 11'.
O()fice on Sec',,il Street,
NATCHIIITOUC'IIS,. LA.
(. Cha(l lin. J. Ii. Cu in.,,hani T. 1'P Chaplin.
CHAPLiN, CUNNINGHAM & CHAPLIN
A- /lltores ard Culasc,, lrs t Law.
St. Denis St., Natchiitochcs, La.
'1iI, practice in the cotuts of IRap-I
1 (i.1 Gr1n. hinl, Slhine, . 1)cSoto
1,'d l viv'r mid Natchitoches, and the
S,'upreme C'ourt" of tilhe State.
S ('laims ir,,mptly attcntled to in any
part of the Union. March 25--1y
JOiJf It. ROIIERTSO.i',
(Late ft New O(rlhuns,)
ATTORNEY & COUNSELOR AT LAW
('0u lA'T'I'.A,
RED I:iEREi: '.ISlli, LOUISI.AN.I.
Will practice in Coushlttan, Natchito
ches, Manl.liehll, Many, :andi ill everC part i
of North-xwest Louisinal:. Special attill
iii g.ivli Ito L;iiandi castes atilt Sl'essioinis.
June thlr li77-tf.
Dr. WT. B. Powel 1
MEDICINE and St' IGElt .
OFFICE on ST'. DENIS STREET, i
NA'TCII'ITOClHE., LA.
Calls to the Country promptly at- t
tended to.
Refers to T)rs. F. .lhn, , ,ln . S. Steph, ns ('.
Haulin and G. E. Gilhlsplie. Mt,,sra. lhiliarid
& Call ill., Carver & Taylor, Trichel & AirTv
anlll Col.. . . Burke.
April ý.- vl
Business Cards.
C. A. r'ULLAID). N. H. CAMPBELL
Bullard & Carfl1)bell,
--I)E.\IERS IN
DRY GOO1,
GROCERIES,
IlIA 1,WAR, rE
AId General Merchandise.
Corner FU:ONT & L..V\YETTE ,Street.,
Natchito,,c.he , La. o
- rIIHEST cash price paid for eotton andml
. on co try proluce i, cosh or merchandise. IT
Murlth'5-1N.
Theo. Schur~an,
-IA.LER IN
DRY GOODS,
GRIOCERIIES, and
GENERAL JMIERCHIINDISE
Cor. FRONT and ST'. DENIS Streets
Nl atclitoe lc s, La.
March °5-1Iv.
Poter Vreulirean,
-DTI.LER IN
FAMAIL Y GIROCERIES
A full assortmneut of WALL-PAPER con
stantly on haud.
Soeceal inducements to CASH Customers.
WASHINGTON STREET,
Natchitochcs, La. me
March 25--ly. C
J. C. Trichel,
-DEALER IN-- .
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD.
WARE, BOOTS and SHOES, HATS,
ETC.
Ilighest cash price paid for Cotton and A
Country Produce.
WASHINGTON, ST., ac:
~NATCIIITOCHES, LA. 'n
pro
R. 3.33tURE, ,
-dealer in
GROCERIE S
FRONT STREET, Natchiluctc8, La.
O. Shaftrath, H
Boot and Shoe Maker. ll
(HALLENGES the world for neatness the
C and durability of work. Satisfacti' a
and material guaranteed hai
Shoi on St. Denis St. loci
Jiro
Di C. L. WALMSLLEY R. IX, WVALMLEI. Y
C. L. WALMSLEY & CO, e
COTTON FACTORS
-ANI)-
SENERAL C0OMMISSION MERCHANTS.
Perdido St., New Orleanm, Lia
March t--ly.
Cscoar Ohopin;
COTTON FACTOR
-ANID-
A. COMMISSION MERCHANT,
No. 05 CARONDELET ST.,
o July 1-1v Ncw Orleans. mE
loti
T. S. FOSTER JmR, BI
WITHI
ORR A LINOSLEY,
--MANUFACTURES AND JOBBERS- Th
BOOTS and AHOES. ca
ST. LOUIS, MO,
July 4-6m.
i. D. WORRALL,
the
WITH BR
SIMMONS' HARDWARE CO,,
-IMPORTERS OF
IHARD WPAfRE CITLE R! R 1
ST. LOUIS, MO,
July 14-6h .
Caspari & Dieti'iclh,
Iplun.
t.t . I i
direct from the New Orleans and Eariter nepi.
ket*, c(nsisting iin'part 'f 6
otu,, DRY GOODS, t)
till' CLOTIIING, a
anrt hA'S, IT
-1] BOO'I'S, it
SIIOES, sl
GROC'I:IES, E
CRIOCK II"Y, e
,W ADl)- 13
WAIIE, de, ter
LAI)IES AND GENTS'
ito FUIRNISIIING(; GOOI)S. o0
O- I.ANS PI'IC'ES
1 FOR ('ASI. c
('all and e .arnieII lIhe largn-t arnd r1sp con) i l
pleteostock ever broirrht to this l arkei t nlll
i satisfy iurstlwesr as to tI heir prices. I
" .l li;hst prire pahl fllr llotton anI r aoun
at- try produce, in cash or merchandise. a
Mar'rclh 5--1y.
- ......................ll
DM. H. CARVER.
FRONT STREET'P, e
Natchitoches, La. all
For the FALL and WIN- i1w
• TER Trade. io
to
NEW GOODS. !
New Goods ! i ,i
r' l[E entire stock is better and more il
Sselect than any every introdurcedl into Sh1
this market, and having been purchased tel
ttiithi CASH, cant be sohl lohcer, In trthe silt
ljtrcst. fi 1
I. I'he Motto of tihe Firmi is to sell !ll)
CHIEAI'ERI T IIHAN 'liE CIIEAPEIiST, to
to
1 Call and examine ourn stock, which we
consists in part of her
CASSIIiERES, fat
JEANS, si1
fors
ts PRIN'1T', us
to;
BROWN & BLEACHEI) ('"OTTONS, sist
- LADIES' )RIESS GOODS, 18
STRIMMINGS, at
tlet
BLANKETS, the
ºS Woolen Goods of all kt!r!:,, the
BOOTS, the
1- SIOES, and
rs. LADIES' and GENT'S. HIATS Ole
Clothing, a fiull and Complete Assort Sie
meut. and
Crockery, Hollow & Wil- b'o
low Ware. ,ar
die
A fall line of FANCY anrd FAMIL as I
GROCERIES, WINES, LIQUORS, & C. bod
Books, Stationery!, &c., &c, lea
bes.
In fact wit
IA ,FIIESH and select stock of goods always tine
on hand, which haring been purchasedl on [j
a cash basis enables rs to offer extra induce- tool
ments to cash buyers. dle
Highest cash price paid for cotton and other to t
produce, and liberal madances made in cash .
merchandise on consigrrnment
orMarch 25-lyv. sta
tlhis
Mrs. C. PERLR.Y, sayr
Former Proprietress o( No. 7 ylo
Carondelet Street lea'
HAS removed to No. 4 Baronne Street, Dot
11 Corner Cnut,. Being very thank- son
fnil for pnrt favors bestowed by her mol
country friends, and especially those of quc
s the lied River parishes, she now solicits cot,
a continuance of their patronage, and it ar
having better facilities aind the finest maia
located house in the City, she hopes 1 by un
proper care and attention to secure the n tl
i patron:age of her frierds and the public.
The low rate of $1.50 per day is charg- oul
ed for Boarld arnd Lodging. ad
hise
NOTARY PUBLIC. .hbi
halt
(Office under Vilndicator Olice,) avoi
ST. DENIS STREET, ron
NATCHITOCHES, LA. whe
April -,.- ly. SCCO
WaRS
JOSEPH C KEYSER, hi,
Briekmaker and Layer. it
]8 PREPAREb to do all work entrusted bloc
. to him quickly and in a workmanlike Wrall
maunnel, Tomlb; Chimneys, Cisterns anld molb
other work tolicited. and
Orders left at BULLARD & CAMP- serti
BELL'S will be promptly attended tb. as l01
Jan. 27', ly, proc
FROM HER ASHES. of o
The Phoenix has lput on new life and towv remi
caters for public favots. . en
J Warren Suddath "
I1hne
-----w heIl
has taken charge and DAN now dispenses 4t t!
the choicest in t
BRANDIES,
WHISKIES,
LIQUORS,
CIGARS, TI
&e. Inm
RICH STI. LOUIS BEER ON DRAFT, imm
Don't forget, ye thirsty, the PnE~.s der
on St. Denis Street. War
Feb, 2t1.y burn
cll. The Early Days of Texas. t
Till I: FALL OF 'iiie ALAM10-TIII: H'T- c
Ii, E r Tl " " ':iI.IAIl-- 'ILoA ING S 'i..1: ,.
i1I T'iH: lr.1(VOilT'"r'i)'N.
L). I'ilihhlphia Tiins. 1
If there was nio rliie.sel'er of defeat I
for the Alailmo, then the last inscril.- o
lI t lIol on the o clllllllellnt, for elOq(ul llCnce,
etti'l'litness, ald ll teI aiinig has never C
I. ll. en t"qualed I bit there is a tolera. 0
bly well authenitieated published it
~hstaitement oif oe Ia:i esciilhing the f1
sla:ughlter of the Alamo. .Mosts R1ose,
a nalitive of Fra'ince, an eally emiglrant a
to 'Texas, had aeconlmpanied Col. Bowie tI
all through Texas; was his warns ri(
Iparticular frliend, and was with Ilowie T
in the Alamo until the evening before di
its fall. The following is the sub. hi
staniice of Rose's published stattllent:l to
"l)uring the last five days anid C
nights of his stay in the Alamo, the to
S enemiiy Ill barded the fort hnc ii~it- ill
til- ly and several tines advanceill to tile A
wall, anll the men within were so 1
constantly engaged that they arte and co
stept onlly at short inltervals, while ('
olne body of the eeniiy was Ire.ting fit
to be, relieved iby another." a
A few houll' before sunset (on the al
evening before the.' capture of the lip
e tlot t, the bolnbardurent, which had Il
licen kept upl for we('eks, suddenly at
ceased, and the (ineiIy witloliew anl t
unusual distance, when Col. ''iavis, foi
r taking adlvanitage of tile lull, Iariadled l
his mnen, and addressed them for the tiI
last time iu a thlrilliig slpeech, such j
a speech as couldl only emalnate from
a noble and brave mlan. Thile follow
ing is the speech as reported by Mr. of
Rose :
lIy 1lrave Companions :--Our fate l'
I is sealed. Within a very few days, ed
perhaps a very few holurs, we nmust i,.
.:. all be in eterliity. This is our des- wa
itny, and we can not avoid it. This In
- is our certaiii doom. \\'oe must die an i
our speedy dissolution is a fixed and to
inevitable fact. Our business is not cv
to make a fruitless effort to save our dc,
lives, but to choose the manner otf an
our deaths. Blut three niodcs at'. ie
nresented to us. Let us choose that act
r,. which will best serve our country. in
i,to Shall we surrelider and be delibera- Ies
seal tely shot wvithout taking tile lifo of a thin
the single ennemy ? 1;1hall wei try to cut li
our way through the Mexican ranks att
and be killed before we can kill twven- me
ty of our ladversaries ? I anl opposed T''
to either method, for in either case any
icllwe could but lose our lives withon pro
benefiting our firienids t home, our the
faters anld miotihers, oiur brothers and T
sisters, and ont' wives and little ones. the
My choice, then, is to I'remaini in this of
fort ; to resist every assault and sell awi
our lives as ilearly ais lºossilºle. Let sac
us bhatil toglther s as brothers and vow lrl,
to die together. .Let us resolve to re- cha
sist our adversaries to tilhe last lnolI f:ct
n men t, and at each advance to kill tts bef
milanyl of them is possible. And when ter
at last they shall storm our fortress, the
let us kill them as they come; kill fort
theum as they scale our wall ; kill poo
them as they leapl within ; kill them nlJe
as they raise their wealpons; kill no I
them as they kill our companions, the
and continue to kill them as long us pIlis
one of us shall remain alive. But I to t
leave every manil to his own choice. ed
it Should any man prefer to surrender, hion
and be tried and shot, or to attempt the
to escape through Mexican ranks and on i
be killed beore lie can run a hundred San
yards, lie is at lilerty to do so. My cick
own choice is to stay in this foi t and na
die fighting for my coullntry, fighting caRl
as long as breath shall remain in !11y ovel
body. This I will do oveli if yoe Tle
leave ine alone. 1)o as you think kne
best, b'it no lilIan cVi die wvith Inc nie
without afn'ording lO i coiufort in the
n tihe moment ofdeath. mu'
on Upon finishing his sleechl Travis asid
Ce- took hiis sword, and with its point and
drew a line extending from tihe left intli
ir to the ring of the file, and said, now u
hI want every man that is willing to who
stay here and die with nue to cross the
this line. Who will be first f Rose M1a
Ssays every man whlo was able instant- spot
ly crossed theline but himself. Col. to tl
7 Bowie, who was sick and could not glec
leavr, his bed, said: "Boys, I ami fiou
tnot able to come to you, but I wish not .
k some of you would be so kind as to eros
cr move lmy cot over tlhere." At his re- as f
of quest four men instantly ran to the take
ts cot, and each lifting a corner, carried of ti
d it across the line, and every sick mian of I
'at made the same reqlluest, and their serv
Il bunks were removed across the line taki
in thle same manner. Rose was the theil
only mnian who diml not cross the line, lIon
and as hlie stood there alone, Col. rend
- Bowie, directing at him a glance froni cupi
his cot, said : "Rose, you do not thar
seem willing to die with us." To
which Rose replied: "I am not pre
lpared to die, anhd will not if I can
) avoid It." Hesitating no longer, Rose clu
sprang upon thile wall, and, dropping ol
from it, fell into a pool of blood, tt
where, he lay stunned for several the
seconds. Upon rising to his teet 'he cli
- was amazed at the scene of deat Tim
which met his gaze. Fromn the wall triti
to a considerable distance around, of M
the groutnd was literally covered ina
with slaughltered Mexicans in pools of lnd
d blood. Recovering sufficiently to trolh
Swalk, hlie passed through the town on nioU
id molested; every door being closed, ap
and San Antonio appeared as a de- ity C
- serted city. At the time a stillness Spa
as of death prevailed. When lie had em
proceeded about a mile from the city ex
his ears were sanluted by tihe thunder valr
of tie bombardment, which had been Pe'
renewed. The thunder of the cannon
W reminded hiim that his companionsa og
were true to the cause and fighting
thei.r last Ofight. The thunder of can
non was kept up until a little before An
sunrise oni the morning of the sixth, part
when it ceased. Such is the report 11en
Sof the only survivor of the late scene ene
in the Alanmo prec
revo
A FLdiD BI DISASTElR. dam
The indiscriomintte slauglter of the ry t
immortal defenders of tie Alamo was dive
immediately followed by the sirren- rat
der and massacre of King's and Silt
Ward's commanlds at iTefugeo, time fortl
buruilg of Suan Felipe antl W hltlhlg
ton, and the capture and roll-lood- a
ed bntchery of ('ol. F'ainnin's entire v
' T connnand at (;oliL. A flood of dis- i
astelS .'relled to I heaten thel des- In
truc:ýoi; of the enltie Amelicanii col- c
oniit. ut tlhe fi-rociols tyrant had c
irichasedl his i pl tlium hs at a(e ltly ~
feat price. \V'il tie r contest was ari
rip- ollS and (dilitdl, amil the ene.miv pow- I
lce, e 'ful in inumbers, the lLtle; hbatd of' e
ve r icolonists were 't rrung in the I:ecliltud i ,
ra- of their cause and inl that imlestln.t- I
Ied ible inheritance of gallanti y diirlied si
the from their illustilions siies of 177;. T
st, (;cn. Sai Ilhmstlono, wll had bIIn II
ant appointed by 'r.sideint ,Jackson os- ce
wie tensilly as an Indian A.getl, but in or
rlln reality to obtain cl:oti uln d of the pl
wie ITexas at my, had been alllde coitnir1,- \
ore der-inl-chief, and was retreating l with Si
ab. his small force from the fJanidahI!tnpe i
nt: to the CoIloradoI. Santa Anna, ilush- h1
mud ed with Vicetory, was plressing forward
the to lbring onil a general elngigenlnit,
it- itending to kill a11ll dliv e :very i
the American colonist out of the conr ii iv.
o The retireat of thle 'Texan anry ias
d contllinluel , u del Ilonston. lilst to the
ile ('olo:rado, thlien to the itrazos, adl
nk finally to the San hLinto. The Tax- to
ans Svere imlignant at luhstol, for.
he avoiding battle. anid lie was fore,.d to Iv
he light at San Jacinto orgive up toni- ' l
ad wand of the aniv, his refusatl to fight po
il i at that time ~ lotllih I a\ve ll llliii I 1'i l
an the arny. lhoston had a lti lose ex
is, for retreating whIich was afterwar t
ed made known, but of which at the
he time the troops ueeu not in the se
cl 'cret. li
tI TirlL" O.tTrL.: iO, .A\N . l1 N li.. le
O n the morning g of the twenty-first tli
r. of April, II, there was an anxions ic
spirit pervading the Texan camp. ill
te The Mexicanl General ('os had eflhct- i't
5, ed a junction with the ho coImanlder- no
st in-chief, Santa Anna, that nlolning kin
s- wlich largely reinforced the enemy. Inc
is In thie afternoon of that day the Tex- cli
Sliat~aicerls held a council to fix a time rai
Id to attack the enemy, whether on that lief
ot evening or tihe next luorning, The lay
nr decision was for an immniediate attack, the
ofr and in a very short time the conipa- sp(
I uies and regiments were prepared for tich
at action. Th'le Texaus passed forward
Y. in regular order in perfect silence, Bc
l- reserving their fire until within less
a than a lhuildred yards of the enemyv's
lit lines, when siinultaneloully with the ai
is attack, a most defening shout of "lic- ter
m1e- benlr t he Al aio," was seiit i1.i,
d '[lhe yell Was temeuldous and fiearflll, tin
e antid was, per:hap,, 1ore ofictlive inll
it producinig confusionlt l a l panic iiI ill
ir the Mexican rianks than the tire of the list
d Texans, as after the first discharge the
s. the Mexican seemed to forget the use the
is of their arms, aml throwing thetn ltd
I away depelnded solely on tfight for likt
:l1 safety. Santia Anna a111 his staff' of I
w brolke front tfhe fiehl at the ilrst dis- as 1
charge. Fl'or a while there was a per- tak
- fl:ct slaughltr of Mexicans unlltil jnt loc
i15 efireb sunseltthe pIl.sit anld slaugh- lui
n ter ceased, by Col. Allnolnt, ha!iing*
the terrified Mexicans and making a 0io
II formlil surrenlder. The action was bei'
II poorly contested on the part of the to
n lMexicans. They made but little or
II no tight. Not a gun was fired after 1)
4, the sorrender, and the coluiins of the
l prisoners were countermarched to lie I
1 to the Texas camp, which was reach- -el
ed about twilight in the evening. An stin
lihour or two afterward Deaf Smith, dise
t the noted Texani spy, rode into camp stilt
i on a large ,lick stallion, on which pho
1 Santa Anna had fled from the battle- deli
t field. The next morninig Sanlta Au- iec
Sla1 was calptlured alnd broughlt into to ti
g catmp, anid a COllncil of vwar was held of a
V over the captlive President of Mlexio
There sat, with his elbows on his F
k knees, his face bowed alpon his lhauds, -I
n iever raising his head, tihe butclher of
Stite Alamo, the cold-blooded villaini t
imurdetrer sf Goliad, whlo, setting bcdi
s aside e-very law of civilized waifalre, lier
t anid every instiuct of Iihuiiianity, hal nld
t inlhutanlll y ii utirdered, in coldl-blood, Il i
i ulward of two hlundled gallait t ineIt
) whose lives lie hadt guartnlteed uindler C
s the soliemn sianction of a' tlleaty. it.
I Many were for executing himnt on the
- spot, and much censure was attaclicd iii
to tlhe superiolr otilceis for their lne- gui
t glec to do so, iut lie was sa-ed is I
I f'ron the fate he so justly merited, hti
'not so miuch from any mawkliish gen- l)
) erosity on the part of his conquriciers, t
as firom nmotives of policy. I will t
I take occasion to state that at tie timne Iacl
I of the battle of San Jacinto a plorlioun
I of the Texans were placed on ildetaclhied vn
Sservice, atid w1ere ircelventedl fironi i
Staking part in the fight, antd although be
Stlieir names were ltot tiven in Gien,
,Houston's publlihled list, yet tlhey llii
rendered i||plortanti service aind oc- fC
cnpied a position for more perilous
than those that were in the battle, to ci
TIlE RIESULT OF TIlE BIATT'IE. row
The event of tihe battle of Snan Ja- take
clnto itself, coniisidtred as a battle two
0onlyt was of small significance ; but to
that victory was tlhe culmination of cor i
the Texas strouggle, the positive on t
achievement of hier independenrce. brns
The loss inflicted on thlio eneny was lay i
tritling, compared with the capacity tie u
of Mexico, alnd would have by no stacl
mieans been decisive of the contest cove
hadt the power of Mexico Ieenu con- (ash
trolled by ant efficient andi harnno- but
nious adtlmintistration. in itr mnoal bott
aspect it bit maniifested the superior- remu
ity of the Anglo-American over the thor
Spanish-Aztec irace, Wticlh moral pre- and
emiunence foirms a chief elemcent, and tion
Texas was more indebted to the ri- usin
valry of unprinitcipaled chieftains and T'ak
perpetually ocnltring revolutions in haRIt
Mexico, than to any conceivable thaw- as y
age or discoui'agcemincnt conseqlueut on once
the batthi ofuan Jacinto. seve
During thile lng retention tf Santa way
Anna by the Texans, thle tedeial TI
party in Mexico, derivting encourage corn
ment by the absence of their dread best
enemy, renewed their energies and and
precipitated the country again into wor
revolutionary broils, and tihe still F-or
domiinant centralist found it necessa- will
ry to defer thie invasion of' Texas and grou
divert tlheir energies to the coiser- i and
vration of their power at home. Upon l, cc
Batait Anna's return to .Me.io ht Fl-i
foiind that his ecleniies had supplanl- the
ed him in po'vcr and dptrivcd hin ut gout
o] - fall ,abhilit to perfitect hIns trrtangenei tI
Blir with thie goveilllintt of 'ex;is, and
dis- ial to rItile , to his rrienfda(, at 3;i
dles- go de ('lai\o, ir doubtless the lc
(c( - 'ollhections of heis captivity and the s,
hadl chafing ofl k iron fittrs t oftenl g!! - c
-ly ed hi;ii li ilit to Ita Ih utiin thirst for '"
it- i . rnen ;,. Ihtfore hlie could lteinstate; I
1- hi ,selfin atutharit' :ti horne settius it
Iof enrhl oilnc etts \\iti th h (lllllve lllrnment
id oi 1 ' ance , an ld i,:'tcrc .ard with l le 14
I- r' nil td s t;;tes, sni up sed ilh con- oi
vld silrItiltlis of the mninor allairs of
1- ex;t a . t h ow fi r this thirst n1igllt
11( have 1|1, gratified htl c'iricu sfun- i
Scs favored hi in seeking revenge
in on lTexas, no lumlan ken can tell. his
the prodigious eiIort. puit forith! in the st
1'1 wars with PlanTe and the it ilg;
iti Sltates indichate sonmething of what he
anpe miht lla, ave oImplished in 'Texas i
sh- had those diltlicultits sltuervenetd. 1)
,-i. A I(, )NN( 1.10]1(,"A 11)'.1i i:1, ,i '.
Isy Cough Remedy. te
the Xtl
In A tabtlespiunfil of w'ood lioIr ice. I
tabi iIespooniftll of sliplery 'cl1i, andi a
o tbhh spoonful of ra.I isins. ('lt Iutul
vetV snmall particles each ini'redii't.
I Add a l!int of water, let tlhNem slowly
i siuiiner, or keep near tihe boiling
d point, until the stretnglth of ith is ti
extracted. Whicn ready tfor use,
r there should be half a pilnt in qluanti- o
e ty, as water may hlave to be added
s- . ile steteli ,tg. le very piariticuhlr li
in selecting the material, that they
hlie of the very hest, esleeially the edi
licoriee, which should lie so Inist
ist that tlie outside looks dark, and the
ns wood bright and yellow. 'The rais. do
I1p in, also, should be rnoist, and cut t
it- nto slmall pieces, but the seeds imust da
1r- niot be taken out. This has beeni
ng knownii to entirely cure a oughl, after il
iy. months continuance, as the slippery by
- clml temonved the intflaination, the int'
li! raisins strengthen, and the licorice "vII
tit leatls as fast as the intliamatioI is al- the
ihe layed. A thorough trial will convince aift
:i, the most skeptical. Dose-A tea- cel
spoolnful every time one conghs or a,
or tickling sensation is experiertctd. or
Boraic Acid for Skin Diseases. tili
's tat)
IBoraic acid has lately been used wci
he abroad with great success as an ex- exf
terual applicationl in the treatlment of ant
vi.gctable parasitic diseases of thb I a it
skin. In the ditt'erent forms of the
' otine, - 7. fo)?trit-,  terreinrter-and
in that v(iry trionllcsome forml of the ;
disease which affects the sciotum and
Sthe inner side of the upper parts of the
the thighs of man:y i uropean in icy
1 India, its apiplicatiotl is aid to act
like a charm. A solution oia drachlnt n
i of the neid to an ounct;e tof water, or t
as tivch of the acid as theI water w ill tici
take up, is foud to meet the rerl i liii
tmeints of the case satislhctorily, As the
i'urthelr treatment the atllccted larts lia
should hle well bathed in th(lie solu- turt
tion twice daily, stome little friction htt
being used, and the solutiin allowed tuti
1 to dry on the lart. ti
)i' --- - Olti
r )Dr. Davies, the mtedical oflicer of foot
If the Wi\exhanl \Volkhose, states that also
o lie has substituted medical stiiiinlants Ite
- -eggs, bcef-ttn, etc.--fo.r lillholic As
n stiimulants, in nearly every form of but
1, disease, with the Imost beneficial re- whl
p suits, even in cases of erysipclhs, ty- per
iI phoid fever, inllauiation of the lungs,
deliriunm trienens, etc., which hav -e 1
- hcnii itlherto considered imlpolsihle
o to treat sucessful\i3 without tihe aid A
1 of alcohul. ei
s How to Grow Broom-Corn. sho
Broom-corn shouldl ie pll;lilted ii the a .lh
Splring, aboIut the sa;iie timie ais I- is cr
Sbeen thoroughly piulverizecd wilIh a time
harro\w. Mark out your rows It Iree teor
and a half or four feet apart. Siloin- as fi
kle the seed ns evenly as you emi by fiorn
the hanlid ; orli what is better, iae a Etl'ih
caionoiil garden drill. l'Ths will sow silht
it just thick enough. Cover by pas-s- the
ilg over it light oiie-hiirse hrliow, twh-i,
goilig twice to tle row if the groiund tcill
is Ihnrd or cloddy. After it is "Ip Iext
abiout two iuclice, lharrow witih al two- beii
, horse hilai row, going twice to the row. hlivi
Dl)on't Ie afraiid of tc:riing it up, as C~ni
Sthe great fault with Inost peolplo is in altllh
ltallnting too thick. Thlis kills tlie ed i
C weeds and gives lthe cornl a start. gavie
After this it requires the same culti- that
vatiln as othlier corni. Whell it be- ~olie
gillns to shoot out in head, go over andl safe,
bend down all that is faiiily out, to priv
keep theni fronli gettinig croolld. tii'e
Thlis operritiOln will have to be per- ini II
-foinied several times, tacRi
S lWhen the'sceed is nearly riple begin kno(1
to cut. First cut tihe birtsh front two tegu
iows I cut just above the last joint ;
- take off the leaf, theu cut stalks fromil Di)
e two rows lay thenm crosswise, So ias i
tto mnako a bed that will keci the of 1
f coin off the grouid; lay your brush piut
c on this bed, whlichl will hohl the gool
. brush firoin eight or tlen rows; lot it aIn
s lay in the sun two or three days, then nrl
Stie up iln bundles alnd stack ill roulid cleii
, stacks, p)utting i) otf 12 !u la stalck will
t cover this stack wiilh stalks, lent invi
lfashlion, miaking it tight at the top,
- blit so the air caii pass through the "
I bottom. In this miauner it slioiuli slice
- remain two or three weeks, until ntao
3 tliorougIhly dry, then haul to the barn ia lii
- and take off the seed, Tlhis opera- boili
1 tion is best and quickest done by ents
- using a corimoi threshing machine., gills
1 Tfake off the top and have a boy to a tii
i hand Sou the brush, takting as much and
as youi can hold in your hands at in tl
. once. Jnoo man and a boy can cleaun ing
several hundrcd pounds a day in this Iilac
I way. 1ifoil t
1 Theie iarec several varietiesolfbroon- use,
cornm, but the Evergreei is IImuch the kin.
1 best, as it yields mnort both ill teetl
I and brush than aniiy othei, Iand is Ci
Il worli a great IliOl ill tlii il'rket. tlost
I From two to four quarls eif good seed i shin
- will dlanit one acre, yielding in gnoii niai;
Sgirou lid 7!t0 or 80(0 lipluiidt of bit.}hti, F b \X
- and i. bushels of seed, whkih is uneart- liow
S13y elqual to corn for feetling plirlpose-. the
SI Flat, loani-, or river -ottlol land I in u
- the boat for hbr'it citt ; 'i t Ii  ( , a
I g od c'oin land ,.1ill do. :1l in: th, ith
)PIll ('ffle f'nce to ('e *sttll- tll d or (clt
Sand, sod.- amtuel Wilson in Ohio !Fagu:
Ie le. Deep lilowin". --First it gives Iid
i tlhe scope to the ro.4ts of ve.tabl,h.
go r! - ('cal-1bII them to be lmore tilbrulis thuJ
.t I'm wtitd tlecouell ill a J!ctI ( i l, at'
s,'ate Ihnnne to affuo'd 111e pl'ith far ll b t.
thuls (11omtuities 4f t11ding.
Inent Second --It adnlits the air diler(,
º the to the s'poli-lines of the roofs, with
lconi- out which ni, planit -"i )Ive ' h alli
i' Iof lgwth.
ihlht 'Third It raises the hluilj ltratlre oi,
stall- the soil in spia:ug by admitting lh1
eJge! lilraq i 01 aI 11 and wai I1 la J . rl.
. llis l oulr h---it i re hlhs th. oil to ah
i ltie stolt laruge  ul antiit': oi f fit l'i lz; ."i
itied gases troi itie attmo sffloher&.
It he Fifth- It acts as a draihf in excts.,
i'exas ively wet weather, eatlsitg the watei
ho setl dotwn ai d escale lthriougl
tlihttubisoil , o" itnucdiately l tong thi
t i lIth e.
SI S ixth- t lelads Lto nmic rapild de
composition of dead vegetable :witt
ter in the soil by britigti it dlrectl.
ce. ; i'7 'ontn '" , w\t! h the deo. m l ,11 sll .
Inl a l gases, tihus speedly convirting L t ite
Ilt ptlant food. -Journal of !'rogCe;.
IIt.
i . . te ,,t;etl potatoes may he sl a ie
il laomn either vines or draws, evn,
Ithrough the weather should remaid
uI extrtemel.v dry. They can be made
I to -rw ly," wahati ath tb ie ofI
to getling out, and if dipped in water
u efote putting lnt, most of them will
ed thie dirt be tpressed tli';ly airon,d
t hem att the tiohe of set ling. But ilt
the all case; h.n sfte'h a thiig cant be
des- conveni.entily it is lbest to sheltet
It o iher 1riut he sa n 1etll f'- ti io º~ i'eu
ust days with tme kind of covet lin g, re
be1 Imovtnf the cove'ring at night aid re
lfter placing it ill tht; m+,orning. The gain
itby this plan lies in the fhtt Ihat the
the plants start offi to grow at onie;
i whereas, if' not sh elt.ertel, imost of
it themn die dowu and tarilt Ip lagaint
after cousideralho delay, froI ti-h
tear central hbud. Two staltl hits of dry
or a bark leained together uver the plat
makes a good co itiiing,. and ill the
pine countryu his tay b le iasily otb
taitned. It pays, as it gives out po
. tatoe, i a dry timef, froml on to twii
ised week's start of tlhoi set out anid i, i'
ex- exposed t tthe sun without Covering.
it of and in the ease of I late crop this ,'
the a t:atter of no little hl!pot"lance,
the
i About Barley.--Editor Souithettitt
the Fartner: lt responise to all ilquitry
sinl in a recent issue of your paper uit
s of the above I oiler (I- tt liºiloting : iar
in cy shoutli be plowed in about Its
act wheat or ots5, andt should hei sowed
iut !ti Septemiber or tIctober; frotm one;
to onel and a (quatier husldcl fi sift
til ticient to the acle. IL will glow ont
most any kind oi land, but tite ti'icher
the ilad the monr it will spread.
its liarley miakes the best winter pas
ILu- tute of :any kind of small grtain l
ton have ever ttied. Iitri'lg the war tmy
ved father had sotle1 sowed iin the sameI
hield where there was wheat and
lats, anl the stock ivonill alwas Ihe
of ftund grazing on the bailey. It ir.
hat also hine grazintg ftr htogp- with a lit
its lie corn they will fa tten very rapidlv.
tlic As to thle nitrket hiir baithe I kniow
of buit li ttle about, only here in Texas,
wr- Where it sells at frontm sll to 71 ('cIts
ty- per ushel, and is always iln demand
Ws, V. IV. S. Ty'.,Sx.
Ilt -
tit Ah.hol ic A. itsthesit. - Soic ittli
('Iting (Xlep iittetilts )ht tle in ( ,ettitu
in the lj e t o of t l .ore uit itltsthesi;t,
sItow lha , if lhe hal ot te imtiitersei tr
the a .hlort i, itu ice water serte Paiu
-II is cao sei,, but that ito r-hn Iait is
:ts priodied i n itltc, t ing the Ita td it!
re teilraft. re of t Illt alcohtol is as low
- Ias five tlt g-rees Cient. (; tycerill Il was
Iby (lltudtt nto possess a sinlilatr llnrpet,.
:I Etiher ocasitou ed pa iin, aild quick
tiw silvtnt more acute pain :till, catsing
ss- the spetdy " ithdrawtt of the fiitger
w, wiui pinttged inlto this lituid at lI
id teite, i etattlrc of threedegreesn. II. wa:.
iup iext asCtlltaitned that, Olt the titgi r
Lo- beiitg heldh fotr a iong time in aliohtul
as Colt., to pt.in wtis exiterientced, attd,
in although the linigerdisi lnely pe'ceiv
he d the intest tIouchiie ict, ssharp iricli
rt. gave io pain. This seemts It shiwt
i- that the application of cold tlehtol,,
ie- ot of the tiitsl sitti e a ~i ell its
nt saf,,st p',cesses, has the et'ifct of tie
to plriving the palf it of ti specil sensi
t.1 tivenefa to pain without, hioCever
tr- im iih iti he <helieacy of th'tie get, ntral
taclile sIen.Ia tifo whIilh ts i wet ll
;il kown, rLesides iI the supltt.idial itt
ivti teg mtlle lll;.
it;
It six O11hiluncets leut su1-r i'tth- Out pinr
it of boiling water, add one-quttrh1
slt pint of lemon juice and half ats mch
he good sierry wite. T'hei aidt thrit
it quarters of a pintt of etdi milk, slir
en ring well and s l'ainitg o I l a0lk it
id cle~a, chill in t ihe reft'igeralor and itt
:k will be foutd a mo.st rel'reshiig ati
he Shain Cha liagtic.-Otne IhttniltI
Id sliced, oue Spoititttli tartat-ic aeid1
tr a hala of sntir. Itotr fetn quIattts (If
in- boiling wate" on the tihove ingredi
bi ents. Wlhen blotd waitm. itr it twu
e. gills of honte-tlade yeast, cover witli
to a thin piece of galit? to keet uttut tIies
icit and insects lttid allow tt s.htdtu all day
at in the 81tth Whei cold hi Iliheveti
a iitg bobtle, eottk 111 wire it, thett
his llaec it hit the floor (El ' lt" hel ctolh ,. it
fitttv-eight liours it will lie ietidy lu"
tn uie anti will pay the iituhic of iita
et. ttostrils siitOe I tlerotted silgati, tift ut
fil itiaict Itliti, alSE welit iug tite tii eittit
sit,0 brw wi-ll. II. -,u il' Utp a littie
il-lpowdered catiithi". III. hthaliu;tt
ts" the tilitit f ti itt spiits l hitath rn t ii