JAS. 11. COSGIIROTE, ... Editor.
NATCHITOCHES
T A'I'ID.AY - - September 4, 1875.
Advertising Kates.
I *qn.lr.... 5 0 . I 0 00.
I sul'ar'..* 70.1 10 0 is Oi n 1 0
a ill're.l... 100' 11 00 1 00 T5 10 30 00
4 gqnlarine... 14 IN )A 00 *j 0 :lo :1) 35 0(0
41 aqluarea... 1704 ) 0 0 11 O0 5 00 40 N0
$ sgnar.ls... 1nM 24 1) 35 00 49 00 -45 00
SI nalprae... 219 27 7110 31 00 50 00 70 00
Ssquares... 4f :10 00 400 05 Il 0 o 11o0
I Wultlres... 50003 00 59 on .7 00II . 00
1 4qllre ... 4110 60 00 71 00 100 00 125 00
:1 6llarm... 6 o100 9 00 !1 00 150 00
alnfulient ashvertimenleut$ 1.50 per .pare -f
In linem Brevier. first In+m'rtioln. Ealch sube-.
quest insertlen 75 cents per square.
All changes in advortisements to be
charged as if new.
Transient advertiewoents must be paid
for in advane.
All bills with regular advertisers ren
dered quarterly.
One inch of solid brevier constitutes a
square.
SMarriage and obitnary notices beyond
theainlple anlonncement, resolutions or
cards of thanks, charged a a advertise
ments.
A 503 OeP ICIE is supplied with a
gmreat aioety of type, sad work in this depart.
moat performed with neastes and at nmoder.
sti prlees.
Tou, CAUK on delivery of work.
Itate of Subslcrption.
One0 ~onv one e...r ., a.n.rmcH.
Jc.hn J. Herbert, is ouar duly authori
sod travelling agent.
Notice to Contributors.
Nocanmnnfnentimns will be pnllshed
unlems seompaniedl by the nnathor's real
name. But one side of the sheet to be
utjitten upon when senut to s for inser
tion.
Artidles to lm short and to the'polnt,
rp have attention.
Thase are our rules and thley must be
strictly adhered to.
Premiums to Subscribers.
The Viundcator will be furnished to
subscribers at the following rates.
1 year .... ............ $3
imos.............. .... . . $
No suhaeripti tn received for less
than Aix months.
Az. 8vnscwrrisoxs INVAI.InrLY Ix
ADVANCR.
We will furnish to each yearly sub
serlber a manifcent Steel Engraviug
194 inaches. Now is the time to
iubgcribe-write to our Editor for
Club rates, in which we offer special
indeesments.
WI., Ad ,S iI RW 1 t 1
NOTICE.
WORK from this OQJe,
mta~t pay for the same on
delivery of the work.
No deviation from this
rule.
Persons indebted to this office are
requested to come forward without
delay and settle up.
 gD ra---- ...
We want crop reports from our
country friends; shost and to the
point.
'The New Orleans Paeific Italroad
has aliled for proposals to furnish
rails for the road from Alexandria to
this place, to be delivered in three in
starlments--September, October and
No.ember.. This looks like work.
* We uadmatand also, that Maj. James
is grading as the rate of three fourths
of i mile per day.
Mr, H. . B. Wa ley arrived at
holmeo per steamer C. H. Durfee,
Tueay. He is looking in splendid
health, and we welcome him home.
Iio iafbrms oa that the people of New
Orleans are in dead earnest about the
ILilread qneitioe.
Mr. Davie, the Manager of the
Merelnhat Unmo Telegraph Compa
ny,,Jnbt etqrned frim the eity, io
forms as that the La., Telegraph
Company ra live thing, and will
pns 1through their lines'at onee. It
is proposed' to connect s with' New
. '--Pi-'..t in'forr, as that a
"lgpabileaa Council of Freedom"
beenorgamised in, New Orleanas
who hine eed t the world as
splendid k platirma of prineplpe as
one ellira wish, bul-Tom Audersao
is tobe Governor and Jim Lewis or
Plaelhok LI. Governor. Oh ILord.
ThuPleupuse says.--Colmcil of Pree
doe, you are like the rest of your
rdalb pils--You are the same 1od
th is a bange of eostume.
-_  Ou~-------
Ti Comveglhe of 1lZisisa Dam-.
/e it, ~ ndt deammed by some of
our ly l dI ~yM e pariabes.
We enset see whit greo it would I
do a thia time to bold a Convention. t
Or p slee to o buo y to give lbed t
to p ltil mattmer just now, with af.
fairs em g moment. CropL . .e, r
being k an .a qplrit of pablie s
umpieredtst 1 .and snd& . h
to~b~lPilil~h~i
Railroad Benefit..
Our merchants, and particularly our
planters, are not all fully acquainted
or. with whlat is known as the Rebate
System, as practiced by the New Or
leans merchants and Commission
ihouses.
We ae not aware that this is car
ried on to-any extent in other cities,
but in New Orleans it has assumed
such proportions as to demland the
g attention of the consumer. We know
t that discounts are allowed at differ
oo ent rates of percentaige on many ar
pQ Oil
, a0 ticles which are in constant use and
in (Ml
is demand by farmers and mechanics.
'Giuns, gin bands and machinery of
.1 nearly all kinds, range at a discount
won upon gross price from 10 to 20 per
r cent. For instance, a farmer orders
a gin stand from his New Orleans
j,l merchant; the merchant pays for
Pratt's stand $4.50 per saw, or $450
iaid for the gin less tes per cent, or $45.
ren- Tlhisis the Com. merchants profit, viz:
A 100 saw gin costs $150 00
Less 10 per cent $45.00
and 21 per cent to purchase 11.25
a or Total $56.25
Or 12* per cent, and no mat
ch ter if you have ten thousand dollars
part to your credit on the books of the
said merchant; in other words lie uses
your own money and takes out 121
per cent for his frow8le of doing so.
.. W1hat ?aJ,14i4 I%, i'aVl i'Ajg i'
_kind. You can apply this same rule,
orl- in proportion, to all you buy. Last
week we estimated the amount of
purchases of this parish through
New Orleans Commission houses at
eal $600,000 upon which was paid 21 per
,le cent as a Commission to lurchase,
ecr- and that the rebate allowed these
fat, lionses by dry goods, grocery and
other merchants, could be safely es.
be timated at 5 per cent. Place our
.. parislh it a position to go to compe
titive markets by reason of quick and
cheap transportation, and unless New
Orleans merchants put a stop to all
these cuttings, our people will go to
$3 others to bay. See what a saving
5 per cent on $600,000 will be--$30,.
e55 000, a large fortune to the great ma
jority of our citizens.
m The railroad from New Orleans to
Shreveport, Marshall, or any other
point on the Texas Pacific, will place
Ug us in a condition, for more than one
to reason, to dictate upon what terms
wor e will sell produce and buy sup
a plies in return. Many will say that 1
we must have advances from New
m Orleans Commission houses to raise
crops-we deny this proposition in I
tote. In thdrst instance, should we i
really require these advances, other t
cities are open to those of our plan
ters who now enjoy good credit, as
well as New Orlcans, and it is cer
Stain that money eould be procured at a
Sa leea rate ofinterest elsewhere. But I
we take this view of the case, looking a
Commission houses, beanuse he can a
' brow money, with his land as secu- I
1 rity, which will upon the completion a
of this road be in market with a value, c
at less rates of interest than now, anud
havting the cash he can run hisi farm o
100 per cent cheaper, taking all things a
Sinto consideration, than now. f
SThe farmer then pays wages instead
of the now fabulous priced share sys.
tem-he works his hands and pays
r them only for the time that his crop d
a requires it; not having to feed for a
two and even four months 5, 10 or y
more hands who are doing nothing- -m
I he goes into the markets to buy what e
t supplies lie requires with cash in his
D pocket, with which he gets them at a
- the lowest prices-saves to himself is
I all rebates, commissions, &c., which tI
. eat fearfully into bi priots upon the o
s crop. In fact the farmer becomes in- h
s dependent of the merchant, which is E
a eonaumation mnost devoutly to be ti
wished, the merlhant is also bene- I
Sfitted by the change, for he also sells ai
for cash exclusively, makes no bad ;a
I debts in conseqluence and much more
money.
In summing up these many bnen g
fits and great savings made withl r
railroads and competitive markets; w
suppose we recapitulate our figures p8
and show the gross amount put nla g
tihe pockets of the tax payer by them. c
cor'rox. at
Drayage, storage and mending, sar
ved, 10,0o0
Commis'ens saved, 2t per cent 15,000 bi
Insurance saved, river I" " - Qo
Warehoouse charges on river, es
timated 2,000 to
---- hi
On sale of cotton crop of this
parish alone $42,000
IMBIOHANDIBB.
2itp'rest o @I0e,0000 * 7,0ow
5 " Rebates on "' " 80,000 to
** ----837,500 it
Grend total not being paid 79,- on
500 to New Orleans iq the way of sh
unheard of and onerous charges, by d1
ouar planters and merchants, which pe
would be done away with should we sti
be brought In a line with competitive bo
markete. thL
------*** - ye
One thing strikes uss as being a lit- pu
tie sigular, and that is the desire of thi
the elected Radiesal Congressmen from
this 8tate, to procure certificates of em
eleetion from Gov. McEnery. It is far
rather heavy on Kellogg to be thos toi
slighted, bat we suppose Kellogg at
will allow McEnery all the honors if tor
ie be alllwed all the pay.
Heavyratn on Monddy, and more the
eetyd,
The Grand Ecore Road.
our After much hard work the hands
nted upon the dirt road fiom this city to
bate Grand Ecore, 1 road of more iapor
Or- tance to this eity and parish than any
sion in the parish, were got to work~tpon
Monday last, and up to Wednesday
car- morning, 4Mr. A. Simmons, who had
ties, charge of the work, informs us tnat
med the construction of the poleing and
I the dirting across the Roarbenx swamp
now was progressing favorably, when
ffer- Mr (3) J. E. Breda, the radical Par
ar- ish Judge of this parish, appeared
and upon the ground and mwade a .speeeh
nics. to the negroes at work, advising theta
y of to quit, as there was no legal Police
unt .uJry, and they could not be forced to
per do road duty.
dore This is pretty talk from any one
ecls claiming to be a citiaen, when be
for should know, that supposing there
450 was no Police Jury at all, that every
545. man owed certain duties to the com
viz: mnnity, one of which is keeping the
0 00 public thoroughfares in order, that
.force should be applied to to goord
eitizen to require him to render. The
6.25 force of law in these cases are only
nat- for the unwilling and bad citizen, and
liars Breda knew it.
f the This is only another case of his
nses cheeky intermeddlinog; a something
121 to annoy the white people here, and
". bring 1him further into their notice as
"it i j d111f" sneak, and it is about on
role, tierville, last election. If it is ex
Last pected that our people will be forced
it of to accept the miserable, ignorant Po
mngh lice Jury now attempted to be palm
's at ed off on nus, Breda and his whole
per crew are mistaken.
aee, This is a nice commentary on a
Itese party that boasts of a desire of pub
and hli improvement, and our leading citi
es- zens, who are. interested, should take
our measures to complete the work them.
ipe- selves, at once.
and This is plain, prliudging the whole
4ew matter, as the hands who fail to work
all as required by lair, not by Police Ju
a to eris, for it is a State statute requiring
ing the working of roads, and fixing pen
3A- alties for failure to do so, will in all
na- posibility be tried before himself.
We have heard lhat one opinion
to expressed, and that is mniversa cons
her demnation of the conduct of this
Breda.
ace
me We desire to inform our friends and
m1s the public generally, that the Daily
'P- Vindicator has not paid the Pyoprie
sat tors of this paper one cent polt sines
ew its issne. All the income hae beewt
ise paid out for Press Dispatches nnd Ia
in bor. Our reasons for publishing it
we was to give our merchants and buse
itr Hess muoe the benefit of late Dispatch
o- es daily, with the hope that, at no
as distant day, it would become a ne
1r- cessity to them. The rule we have
at adopted, whicl Is tke rule wlitl all
ut Dailies, of paying the Carrier's each
agweelk haso
in attend to duties at the office, without I
I- being troubled with this, when it is
m so much more convenient for all con- h
e, corned, to pay the carrier.
id We will continue the publication r
m of this paper nader our own rades,
P and the Daily will be delivered in
future at its anal time to subscribers. d
5- What has caused the inclination to t
Fs war on the whites by the negroes in t
P different localities of the South, we P
ar eannot understand as others seem to
ar view it, Our opinion, as expressed b
- in relation to the "Caroll parish quj- Ii
at et", is that, let him (the negro) rule
is without opposition and hIe is happy 1
at and contented, politically; butshould
If intelligence or property objeet, then N
:h the negro gets on his paint and goes outi
1o on a scalping expedition from which
i- he generally returns mist his own.
is Experience has taught thle mass of
oe them nothing, nor do they seem to
e- heed the igns of the times, which evo
I idently indieatemn end, an everlast.
d ing end; of the role of Ignorance.
MaJ. James' bid for cuting and N
•' grading the l(ew Orleans Paeiie Rail- t
t road from Alesamndrfa to Mansfield,
i wasn 25pe, cent less than the lowest P'
a put in against him. It requires but
n $75,000cadrs to prepare the road for
.I cross ties and ironfrom this to Alex
andria. So says Mr. Wheeler. m
. - -- ---.. . ...... de
i The pap fed "organ o m Hiorp street, or
0 bristles up terribly this week and wl
eumu lIurt atsauitialJsehaippear.
ed in our Issue of 20th, with regard Ia
0 to the faIlua of the ceasues taker in of
-his dutieb. As ikr as were concern.
ed, wtbeare but little what the Natb.
itohes ',epbiams sarys or does, but m
when it flares up about the Viondiea. of
tor and the Vidicators Committee, th
Sit shlows the utter want of sense'to St
- understand what we meant. We
d shonid have said thle '"entral Execn
ir te Committee in New Orleans,n and
Sperhaps we would have been under-. foi
, stood by the Hort street magnates; ti
ihowever, we remember a Committe cn
that did eauif in these parts not many tbh
years snlace, tnhat rather made the Re
publican and its clam sing how, nd
Sthis may be what it referred to. mn
We denounce no one, but we mey
J emphatically, that the Census fIs a lru
fe fse in tbhis parish, and we propose
Sto prove it by pubhishling a list of the
'namea of those who never gave in re- Ca
turas ' ., ; . do
- 'o-.--- - '
The Amlte City 'DeMocrat is.after out
the cenies taker of his section, with
, .adrp ad, tc
There is much talk among our
ads farmers and land owners generally, of
P to a change in the payment of farm
hands for their labor. The present
system of sharing the crop has proven
to be quite a loosing one to the plant
eon er. While other laborers are receiv
a ing pay per month at fixed rates, and
that to for the time they work. Our
farm hands work less than six months
in each year, are fed for the whole
hen Il months, and that at the expense
of the farmer. This system must be
d changed, but at present we see no
way to do so unless white competi
tive labor comnes in. We should all
strive, therefore, to bring about a
means to reach this desired end, by
not only agitting the construction of
the Railroad mt the Red River Val
le ly, but by holling forth inducements
to immigrants. Col. Roubeaux in.
forms us that Jo is now in Corres
rey pondence with hentlemen in Virginia
and elsewhere, vith a view of getting
that tenants for hisplantation next year,
and is hopefdlof success.
SLet othecr gvitlcmcn, who are also
linterested, assit him in this, and we
will see oar hmes of good labor, as
a well as our gret material advance
his moet, realized alin distant day.
sing 3Ve are pleansed to note the many
and liprovenhents ging on all over our
e as parilsh this year. Our 8 per cent
on taxes hung auon the people like a
lon- dead weight; ill lost heart, and noth
ex- ing was donei the way of improve
reed meats unti tli year. The might of
Po- our citizens s~ok off the incubus of
Im- bad rulers, *d Immediately enter
iole priauprung p. Plank fencing, new
barns, farm hatses, improved steam
Sa Engines, new gas, &c., meet the eye
ib- at every turn. 'ruly this is a matter
iti- of great congratlation to our people.
ake
em* The New Orlans and Pacific Rail
road have, we larn, made a splendid
sole contract with I1j. James. The Com
ork pany pay Mat. James in cash, the
Ju- amount necesasry to feed the con
ing victs and pay iae guard, and James
en- takes the reslde of the price in stock
all in the road.
on The Repuhlien State Central Com
mn mittee of Louisana are again agree
his ing omaj lig redlction of expenses-
in their plattorn for 1876, of course.
ad All this econonical gush is lost on
i the white tax raying voters, for the
ir little game of declaration of honesty
ee has been repeatel too often. Radi
ecals po'sess a tropical fertility of
a- promise, and an arctic sterility of e
it eetion.
ti T. Jefferson Davis has been ino
vf rite to address no less than eighteen
o0 Agricultural Societies, mostly North,
e since the Winnebago curs set up their
re howl. We enderstaind hie has declin-.
'l ed them all.
t those who read, with much interest. I
is I We, of tlhe Vindicator, anod its friends,
. have been charged, and that with the
7th cavalry under the bloodless Mer-.
Srill, witl being a band of gore seek- 1
, ing "Wlhite Leagners." The New
n York Ss), true to its intelligent on
Sderstandbg of our situation; in its t4
calm ant logical style, refuted all h
o these "bl ody shirt" charges; and we I1
a think thai our people, the southern
e people, uonld not fail to sustain I
o DAxA anmDIhis Sun in the erusade of to
d bonestfp4lciples against Grant and w
Shis party.j a'
* d
W bnt buke to the "swash buck
lers"of kford, Ill., is given by the
noron gricultural Societiesea
lNort, viting MIr. Davis to de
li er ses at their Faius thils e
Fall, and w small must the Winne- p.
blas , rs feel after the fearfou thi
I liaotg them by the whole press t
wof tiye , particolarly North. of
S We he that ex-President Davis
will o ,himself again, in a po.- aie
sition ft nsulted by the mob of drt
Norther o ler. The good men of as
the cb a r a return of "good wh
will," bu would be powelless to
] protect hi fin the lootings of suechl
Sas the Wie isle
MIURDE learn that a negro oft
man was k below this city Sun- cin
day night, i getting a watermel- a
Son from hi 3, by another negro Sea
I who shot h with two leads of Isl
M - oti dobls baerrel gun. of
I Steps have ken for the arrest wo
Sof the asuss * ace
-- -- that
Mr. L lick has opened nor
ian ofiee for ale and location WIl
of lands. ill be found at TI
the office of r ohn Deegan, on adshee
St. Denisat t
The return he Department W
of Agricult ' Washington, taet
for August, s decline in es- route
timates of th n and corn to Al
crops of the In Louisiana beek
the average is 6 perocent. i
80,000 person ded the high De
mass in Paris I nday 22d, in
honor of ia Bather a uma
large "honor" d Empire.
The Telegra between with
Campte and Co , has been Whe
down since Mon orning ear. list
13, hence our tU7yto bring
out our Daily as .
"b iibe to thi cator, ' monh
g our Communicated.
ally, of The Importance of Good Schools
)f farm That it is the duty of all good, kind
present and nfectionate parents to look well
proven to the educat ion of their children no
plant. one can doubt ; therefore, we will
ask them all in this parish what are
rec they doing towards the accomplish
es, anld wient of such an end f And the an
r. Otur swer will reechllo in their hearts most
months painfully nothing, each and every one
whole struggling on as best he lmay in hli
own private way, hoping year by
yxpense year to be more able to acemplisl
oust be some good ill this direction and every
see no year only the history of others repeat
npeti- ed ; aud in the mean time his boy
is growing up to man's estate in ig
ld all norance, atindl has soon to engage in
boot ai the business of life, and the opportun
ndl, by ity is lost to hihm forever.
ttion of Now to effect anything in this vital
matter, we must have concert of ase.
or Val- tion and organization, and with this
ements effort and a few well timed acts, we
or in. will be astonished at the results, In
Corres- speaking of the power of organized
effort to accomplish any great public
irgmna good, the late Dr. Channing said:
getting "One of the most remarkable features
,t year, of our age is the energy with which
the principle of combination or of
acting by joint forces in associated
re also numlers is now manifesting itself.
m sd we Men have learned what wonders can
or, as he accomplished in certain cases of
van-union, and seem to think that union
can accomplish anything. You can
ý* scarcely name an object for which
some institution has not been formed.
Smany Would men spread one set ofopinions
or our and crush another f They make a so.
r cent ciety. Wonld they improve the penal
like $ code or relieve poor debtors ? They
I othmake societies. Would they encour
t age agriculture or manufactures, or
prove- science ? They make societies. Would
ght of one class encourage horse racing and
bus of another discourage traveling on Sun
day ? They make societies. We
eater- have immense institutions spreading
g, new over the country combining host for
steam particular objects."
lie eye We have here in this city and par
ish all the necessary material for
atte making a first class school or male
seopie. Academy and by "combination and
acting in joint force," we can succeed
3 ail- in organizing a school that will be an
lendid ornament and pride to every parent
in the parish. The building is here
beom- blonging to the citizens, and with
ih, the some repairs and additions can be
con- made pecularly suitable for the school
James in contemplation. Teachers can be
secured who are now in the city will
ing to uutlertake the task, and surely
there is no want of young boys who
are sadly in need of good sound in
Com- struction. Now with the teachers,
igree. pupils and building on hand, what is
mss- required ? Simply this, for all the
ourse. parents interested in the matter to
come together and decide on a plan
st on of action, and after so deciding let us
or the all fully determine to succeed.
nesty We woud, therefore, suggest the
Radi- propriety of calling a meeting as soon
as possible so that all parties taking
its of any interest in the matter may have
af es. a voice.
We nrgently solicit every parent
S in the parish to think over this mat
en in. ter and decide to give all the support
,hteen to it that he can. We know not
what we can do in this life until we
Forth, have made the attempt, and once
º their fairly started we will all be surprised
eclin. at the wonderfitl result. Our sister
parishes are all far aeadul of us in
this respect and if we awaken to the
sad renlity, we will certainly not have 1
mean of young men who are to come after
crest. us.
ends, Name the day and date gentlemen I
fna the thne counltry suintable to your I
e lconveniene, ntad we of the city
Ier- ironmise to respond with our almost
seek. hearty co-operation. G, .
New -- ___ _ _ 1
- We beg to be informed in relation
a its to the public school fund of this par- e
I all Ish. Is there any money on hand y
I we If so, how much t b
hem While upon this subject it would
,tain Ie weltf to agals ask the board to e -
Sof tablish a duite school in thits, 1iti
and ward. We hsve had none in ye i
and the tax payers, mostly whites,
desire some retarn for their money
ack- as do in fact the entire parish.
the These monies have been in the
hands of a set of thieves for several
S years past and Myers is known to
his lave gobbled up a huge slice of the
e pie ; nt as his bond was cancelled at Cl
Sthe request of parties here, we don'/
ess see why they should escape the charge E
of colusion.
Vis Come up with that school money
po- and establish a school for white eclil- '
odren in this eity, is wa s is demanded,
of as a simple act of justice by our
od white tax-payers. fe
tos tar
i ollwsTr.--The Conneeticut Leg.- 1
islature seems possessed of peculiar a
notions as to how the public money gre
r ofthat State should be expended. Re- C
Icentlv that body voted 8900 to the son
nuarord Post, in compensation foris c
oh- aseries of bioortaphical sketches of nyu
ro Senaters and Repremsntatives, pub.- has
of IsLaed by .thatjoaurnal on the fmrst day be
of tm suasRio. The Past- saosnoes be s
Iat s, sopreme contempt for the men ield
t who voted the money and declines to turb
accept, "even one acnt," on the groand that
that the legislature had neither moral stor
d nor legal right to grant it.-Irid lt
I World. Ho1
t The average Radical Louisiana n*
sheet would have went for that $200 age,
and howled for more like a sick baby. i..
**- who
t We learn that Maj. James, the coan- Caug
etractor for cutting and grading the tO P'
mroute for the railroad from thlis point wo
to Alexandria has been at work for a bet
week or more. Additional hands will vent
Sbe put on the road next week. other
woun
Depaty Sheriff Little brought in on won
Tuesday, the negro who commitred Ne
the murder mentioned in another col. til
Imn.e
and p
-- - ; -,ee sin
Jail fall of crimirnal-most charged igs
with mdder; all colored bat one. about
Where Is Myers with is big murder ea
list p
Two United States vessels have The a
been wrecked within the past three dimini
months. Loss one million. ports
m sentf,
cated. BY TELEGRAPH.
chools
1, khind SPleial to Vindicator.
ak well Miscellaneous.
Irew no
will Augusta, Ga., September 1.-The
lit are trial of tihe negroes charged with in
mplish- surreetion, was committed at San
the an- derville, Judge II. V. Johnson, presi
s most ding. lHe wade a most fair and im
ery one partial charge to the Grand Jury,
V in his cautioning them to divest themselves
car by of all passion, of prejudice. and in
eplish structed them to conform strictly to
I every the law. The fact that those charged
repeat with insurrection, are those who were
is boy lately our slaves, may intlnence the
in ig- indignation of the whites, intensify
;age in their feeling of insecurity, but they
portun- are now free and entitled to a fair
and impartial tiial ; the jury must
is vital ignore the fact that the accused are
of ac. negroes or were ever slaves, and deal
tit this with them as if they were white. Hie
ats, we paid high compliment to the coolneis
ts, in and forbearance of the whites, and
ganized instanced the fact that not a iingle
public drop of blood has been shed. In the
said : trial the State will be represented by
eatnres the Attorney General and others, and
which the accused by Heon. A. F. Akerman
or of and several leading members of the
ociate' local basr.
itself. San Francisco, Cal., Sep. 1.--Rals
ers can tor's funeral was of the most impo
ises of sing character, Cavalary (Church was
union surrounded by twenty thousand per
o[ can sons that were unable to get in. The
which ceremonies at the cemetery were con.
orined. ducted according to the Odd Fellow's
pinions rites.
e a so- Paris, Aug. 31.-A private letter
e penal from Egypt reports great confusion
They and excitement there, consequent up
ncour- on military preparations. Troops are
res, or being dispatched to the Abyssinian i
Would frontier; at the same tame the Khe- i
ag and dive expects a call from Ust Porte for i
a Sun- aid for suppressing the Hergegoven
We ian rebellion, all officers on furloughs,
ending and among them Col. Long, haver
)st for been recalled.
London, Aug. 31.-A letter written
d par- by'a member of the Polar expedition a
al for on the steamenor Discovery, previous to I
male her departure from Rettenbork,
a and Greenland, says, after leaving the
neceed upper Nairk, we strike out into the
be an ice in Mellville Bfay, which in the
parent most dangerous part of the voyage, f
a here when we reach open water at the en- I
I with trance of Smitlhs Sound, we make t
an be for Catey Island and then make a I
school running survey of both shores of e
an be Smiths Sound; visit Capt. Halls t
r will. grave at Polaris Bay and make for a
sorely our winter quarters. The Alert will
s who push on toward the Pole as fast as poes
ad in- sible and subsequently return toward i
nchers, us, winteiing not more than 20 miles r
rhat is from the Discovery, both vessels will
11 the then survey with sledges; in the
ter to Spling two sledge parties will join the
plan Alert and start towardl the Pole with
let us six sledges, one will retuarn every ,
week, transferring its surplus pro
it the visions to thle others, when tile ex
a soon ploring parties is thus reduced to one
taking sledge that will push on alone and
rhave reach the pole by itself. Who will
have this distinguished honor I don't
parent know, but I think it will be Com
Smat- mander Markham, of the Alert. If
ipport this is done satisfactorily, and all the 1
w not surveys are completed we will return
til we home during the Autumn of next
once year, ondl if not, we will stay out at
prised 24 winter; under any circunstauces 1
sister we can control we will not stay lon- a
us in ger th:an that.
o the New York, Sept I.-Judge Brad- .
t have Icy granted nn attaelnent against
, = su Im~ m an, an suit of Jos. I).
after Harpier and Jamnes 11. Galley brought
on bill of exchange dlrawn by the de
lemren fendans on Rental bank of London
ySor for 15,0010 which was Iosted, r
eit San Francisco, Sept. 1.-The Goan
nost eial situation develops no new fea
G. tures this morning. The National Gold
- Bank and Trustt Co., and Merchants
ation Exchange banks remained closed.
The election to.-morrow begins to
par- congross large public attention which
and? as Igltened by contradictory reports
believed to have political signiflcance
ol as to the bank of California and the v
prospect of its resuming. nm
Se- New York, Aug. 31.-To.day is time
t last of tie cotton year. The follow
ra inog is tmhe comparative cotton state
n ment for the four days ending to-day:
Net receipts at all United State ports
oney 4315. Saune week last year ~86.0. To- .
tal to date 3.473,634. To same date ty
the ast year 8,763,814. Exports 3010. A
r al e week last year 5380. Totalto o
date 8,600,201. To same date last year a
a to ,821,424. a
time New Orleans, Sept. -..-Tlhe price
Sat current's annaual statement contains -
the following : Stock, Sept. Ist, 1874,
/595,3 hales. Receipts total 1,157,507.
are Exports J,1i0,212. LStock on IshalH
9976. I~lceipts proper ,0,63. All U.e
e ir . prts receipts 3,406,342 Exports
lil 2,654,01, Stock Sept. Ist, 1774, 10f,
713. Stock on buad to day 717,283. wet
led, Stock at interior Sowns 700. at
our WIaC,, Texas. Aug. 31.-A duel was
fought last niaght tn the dark at a dis
tance of four feet and weapons six d
shooters between Chas. Carrack and
g J. M. Turner. Three shot were dred
lar and Turner was killed. The fight
sty grew out of a trivial oquarrel.
Re- Chicago, Ill., Aug. ;a0.-Dr. Patter
the son of te aylum whgre Mrs. Lincoln tin
for is ecnfned writes to time Tribune de- NI
of aying the resent statement that he m
ib. has .ivena sertiieate that she should Slatc
gedaL. . Iedsu meight
, bes.fref uItHer sste at Spring
en feld bat sie is at present more di- gore
to turbed in mind than when hie made
a that statement. He also denies the wine
astory of her being locked up. us
S Boston, Aug. 30.-Yesterday, at bsir
Hopkins, 20 miles from Boston,, a boy, sa
sa nanted Morris Ryan, sixteen year of
M age, started down stair with a loaded nct
gun, iatendamg to shoot a cat when c a
T his sister Mary, aged fifteen year, e
who desired to save time eat's li ears
a- caught her brother by the abonlde r t
Sto pull him baek, at the same nmoment
two other yenger sisters cane to the
t head ot thie stairs, andl in the serflse e
a between Morris and Mary, tihe gun ege
II went off, killiug Marv, and one of the mw
othler sisters. T'he third sister was xam
wounded in thle arm and Morri h as en
a wounded in the leg.
SNew York, Ang, 0.-At the Cotton
Exchange there has been quite an a-c. Ne
tire business in cottoo ou the spot airn c
and prices have imprloved, the advan- was p
ee since Mouday being Ie. The deal. enger
I ugs chiefly for spining, included New
about 6835 bales, whbia was fully et; 5,
Sthree quarters of thie week's sales. i3i9
The improvement is attributed to the ceipt
Improvementat Liverpool and nfa 679.
varable ccounts of .Indise cotton. last
The available supply has gradually 2000.
diSdinisbed, but the receipts at all the New
ports show a gain: the entire move. I O'l ca
meont for the year shows the total re- 9 ,
ceipts at the pttns to le 3,
bales, a ,ich, ndded to the 8,,..It
conucillJpit i al:d oveIrlald -Ii a o d rI
direct to points of eonpi mltion, li
aggregate clr."e to 5j F" j .
which is fully 411,0,100 less lt a.t
.-The estimate made last Octoelr. Ae
ith in- counts of growing crops are generajll
San- favorable ; there has been Iesa ra,
presi- and the Mississippi has as far sul j
nd int sided that no danger is anticipatd,
I Jury, From some sections there are reports
selves of rust land rot and in sonic oliuinj
id in- the baloil worm has appeared, but tI
ctly to general average indicates the pros.
iarged pect satisfactory. There w'asa bun.
o were ant fteeling in the early months for
ace the future delivery with quite an active
tensify busimess. The total sales for the
t they week were 98,12 bales, of which ea,.
a fair 2110 were on contract and 10,28 for
must immediate delivery, 2199 for erport,
led are 6t: for spinning and 748 for aspe>.
Id deal lation.
. lie Condensed Telegrams.
iolucgs
i, and At Jersey City yesterday Jane
single Durr, Catholic, and Robert Colt
In the Protestant, lad a heated ieligieg
ted by discussiot. Colter shot Durr fatly
s, and and escaped.
erman Atlantic Mills, of Lawrence, 1ame.,
of the resumed after seven weeks' idleoe.
They employ one thonsand hands.
-Rals- Seventeen tramps locked up Friday
iampo night at Elizabeth, New Jensy, are
'11 was threatened with vengeance. They
I per- burned three houses the Sunday prýe
e con- A New York dispatch sys Presi.
hllow's dent Grant, on the revenue cutter
Grant, conveyed Mr. and Mrs. Sarto
letter ris down the bay Sunday afternoon,
fusion and they sailed for England on the
at up- Baltic.
ps are The new postofflee at New York is
sinian in active operation, the business ar-.
Khe- fMg been removed from the old bail-.
rte for ing at ten o'clock Sunday night.
iove- Henry G. Lambert, publisher of
g, the Brookly, New York, Daly Pelt,
have was drowned on Sunday, while bat-l
ing.
ritten An Indianapolis, Indina, dispat
sliton says Rev. Isaac Demnan, a well
us to known liaptist minister, aged 8
bork, sears, was run over by ars at Lodi,
a the Ildiana, Sunday afternoon and killed.
o the The Remingaton diamond badg,
a the contested for at Creedaor Suandy,
yage, was won by L. L. Hepburn. Maior
e en- Fulton, of the American team, t
make the winner, both making 98, but Hep
ike a burn's score at 1000 yards being high.
As of est, he was declared winner. Among
Ualls the contestants were G. W. Yale, A.
Eo for V. Canfield and 8. W. Ballard, of the
Swill American team.
spos- In Montreal fourteen dry goods
award rmas were compelled to make a.
males rangements with creditors last week.
a will Cairo, Ill., Sept. 2.-EaUsh Stons,
the a colored man, while resisting arrem
in the wal shot and killed by James K. Lane.
with Little Rock, Ark., Sept. 2.--Big
every men will be hung next' Friday, they
prw- were sentenced at the last terns of the
e ex- Federal Court for murder.
Sone Milwaukee, Sept. 2. -Several stonm
e and washed away the track and riverdi
w vision of the Milwaukee and St. Paul
don't Railroad, between St. Peters sad
onil Redwing, and no train has got thrl
t* I since Sunday. It was believed
I the damage wauld be repaired to-day.
eturu New York. Sept. 1.-The commit
net a tees of the Western Union and Atlan
ot a tie and Pheifte Telegraph Compiaie
U ld another mdeting and stated that
nlo , understanding would be slumit
teha to the Keeative Conmmittee of the
inul* Western Unfon Company to-day. fir
",-a., Sept. I.--Thus
auglt Saiger, inside ioes, of Lehigh Cal.
e- lery, was kill by ve strange r
adon nother was shot ad two orhed are
reported iille. tanger had had
trionble with the misers atore.es ag.,
f ,,- sine, isa received coil ietters
Gi ordlerim,. Vi to leave the centry.
Washington, Sept. I.-For alf
s i tSate., ontinued hiigh barometer and
Sto temperature light; Southi east to
hice south west winds, elear or pety
orts cloudy weather with rains oa
enear the Gulf ennai. For the Obie
the valley and Temessee, southwest and
north west wind; alight changes i
athe aromneter, high temperatureor par
lo- ially cloudy weather. The lower
ate- Msassppi wil contfaa o t fall le
Cineimnati. O., Sept. I-A mm
To- named Peterson enticed farmer Trme
Iyte te's daughter to thi city. Trasty
S tnding her took her home, uad Peter
lt son followed .them maknkl th)ests
rear against the old man, ad last ight
approached his house. Tra teak
his shot gan determined to kill Peter
., on sight. Trua-tye's men, ad
eighteen, laing ofhi terk 'ts in
D tention approacied to disuade hidm,
Swhen his father, mistaking bim for
U Peterson siot him dead.
)ar San Franciseo, Sept. I.-A dipatch
.from Tspan, Ariona says: A
3 wealthy amerehant of Taspan and a
naturalized citin of Arizona went
Sto colley some bills and wan arres
lin. ? the carge of fnraishing arms to
isurgents. He had no trial bat was
d ordered to pay 020,000 or be sht
dHis grave had been dug when Mt
tntessngerarrivted rith the ranse..
Tihe ood. e nioed with rfages
ying from the impendiong revel
SoeNew York, Sept. l..-Siut ie.
menaed ysterda ib the Uited,
Stateie Dtariet oart agas the  a-
hue bo e Pritc, rre Co., to ame.
oever 78,900 Qleqed Ib, be dns the
government our impaidduties. 'Tio
; firm w a lare importer of nilka,
u, house bond lIND to enre pyment
t ofduties. They have diawcontiel
n business and eanot he fond.
San Franeiaeo, Sept I.-In Ca
I aection with the recent rumor coo
eering affairs of Bank of Califormi
respeeting over aeof eteck, dmp
learance of seenritiesand other fran
nlent pmredinegs. It ie kown that
rom ,30o000,000 to s000,0oo, of the
assets of the bank have been very
recetlty albstraeted witlMhout theokmowl
edge of directors. It is not kywa
bow this was dlone. Director arelu
examing affairs but it is not known
when their report will be read.
WRLKETS.
New Orleans, Sept. l.-Four ch'i
dren of Mr. Mier, in Ascension parish,
was poisoned with French worm Los
engers, and died in a few lieurs.
New Orleason, 8ept. I.-Cottn al
et; sales i25 bIales; low middln
1311w 131; dlin 141@141. Is.
eipt 80 Ez rs, coasatwis
079. Stock hand 9377. Unold
ovening, 8000; on shipbeod
New Orisaon, Sept I.--Suasr irm,
oald common 8O@8t, fair to fu.ly fait
fq!, pru!ie 10, choice 0); nolas0 .