Pap!! of he Parish and ('ity . rfl trCIit c1ihC
JAS. H. U`S1;RO1'E, Editor.
SATUIII)AYl. - - -NOV. 21, Ia77.
Wiarmotl, the W',arrior.
at
The most important thini we giath- t
er froml our W\ashingtoln dispatches,
and from the city press, is the prop- til
able return of Wartnith to the lead
irship of the stal\art republicans of t
Louisianan. s
A combination of circunistancc' ,
brought about, in a great measure .by
those whom the peophle of the State at
fondly hoIr:d wouhdl rp,ni.h felons fi s
]past ntIsdeeds., would seem, to the
timid observer, to render the chamnes .i
of this man successful. The crowd"l ti
that Warmoth once le:ad to the feast
of spoils are still here-free as air,
andl some of them, notably Pinchblack, ci
grace the reftril adtministration as p
an evidence of grand (?) conservatism.
These people are scattered through- n
out the State, positively stronger to- a
day than they were six miontlhs ago t
and their objective point, the pln- t:
der of the white properlty owner, is
one so remunerative as to call fhrth
the energies and hiain of the whole
mass. Besides this, they have now n
no fear of consequences. No timid- e
ity of action, in consequence of a
dread of the rigors of stern law, will
now deter them from doing their Y
worst. For have they not an ev.
idence that those in power now inti
Louisiana have a policy of "brtotlheily t
love" to accomplish, and are slowly 1
hat surely educating the people to a ti
firm belief in the utter depravity of ti
the human famiily, at least, so far as
that part of the family which resides t,
in Louisiana is concerned. Nay, they a
musteven be convinced, as we are,
that loyalty to virtue and honesty b
meets no reward in Louisiana ; for
have they not an evidence of this fact c
from the appointments to office, tn- t
der a government they hanl reason to
fear for their evil and illegal deeds, r
of their most vicious characters, some C
of them in the rural districts of those a
very men whom an outraged and rob- n
bed people in 1874 forced to resign. j
Th9 field seems, for these reasons, t
to be very encouraging to Warmoth, t
but lie has still something to fear- e
and that is the stern, inflexible deter.
minhtion of the white people to meet t
his arguments in a way that will be
irresistable. Although Warmoth's t
crowd" have every reason to nltici- f
pate an easy success they will yet a
find that it is reckoning without a s
host. Our city friends need feel no e
alarm on account of the rual districts',
where Warmoth is said to have his t
backers.
The country parishes, so fir as our
observation goes, are safe and solid.
Every friend whom Warmoth could
depend upon, is too well known and
has no following ; and we can safely
assure the Democracy of New Orleans
that a campaign by the whites of Red
River valley against Warmoth's arimy
would be more fierce thIan that against
Kellogg in 1874.
When Warmotlth comes, he mnust
come with brand ad bow for hie will
le met at thle threshold of our fair
valley, for we recognize it as a con
test for home and firesides, with stout
hearts and williig armas and if he does
win, he will rule a desert, not a gar
den.
BUELL, the Washington Corres- k
pondent of the New Orleans Democrat, 0'
pleases to say that President Hayes w
appointed. Jack Whalton U. S. Mar- 11:
shal for Louisiana, upon the ground :1
of his being the Rhoderick Dhu of si
the swamps, and that the mere fact
of the announcement of Jack, "the re- p
doubtable warrior," being appointed
would scare the "shot gun b'hoys" b
out of their very boots. Jack's stand- a
ing as a good fellow is abont on a 0
par with that of his notoriou quali- ii
lications as a blackguard, and as for
the "warrior" part of the story, Jack ,
Wharton never aspired to that posi c
tion. \\'harton, as is known to every 0
officer jn Forrest's cavalry, was a ,
most infamonus coward on the field, t
and a veritable Falstaff in camp. s
Gen. Forrest, by order, sent him to I
the rear of his regiment for "cow
ardice on the field," where he remain
ed and marched, joked and bragged t
for more than a year. In fact, the
only fight in which "Marshal" Jack
commanded with "brilliancy and
bravery," was in Bossier parish in
1867, when he murdered a whole ý
plantation of 'niggers."
We fear Hayes will find "Jack" a I
poor Rhoderick with which to fright
en the "b'hoys" up Onachita or Red
River.
Amount school money received for ac
count revenue of 1877, $2,39..8.
Amount Disbursed, 1,110.85
Balance on hand, 1,284.83
APlportioned as follows:
Ward 1, $ 6,34
a, 134.80
" 3, 46,77
" 4, 255,77
" 5, 1&3,33
S6, 15,38
S7, 11,00
8, 36
" 9, 363,69
" 10, 32,351
School House and Contingent
'unid, 132,04
$1 284,83
Amount receivcd for Rev. 1875, 153,6t
An organic law franled to benefit of
the people anid not as a profit to ofil ni
citals is w hat Iounisiana must and will in
have. In that organic law these is
points must be made strong. do,
1st. ''That all power is vested in and tilth
consequlently derived fronm the peo
ple; that o,ficials are their trustees. , r
and are at all times answerable to tito
then.
2+1. That the object of a constitu- Tb
tion is to orgalnize a governlment; pre- e
scribing the natuire and extent of the ,art
powers deleqaled Iny the people to the
several departments tihereof. ri
1d. 1'Plpe'tlities and monopolies are an
contrary to the genius of a republic rit
and they shall not ho allowed, nor Iv
shall they exist within the State. nII
th. That tile enumeration oif the Itl
rights of the people or of those powers trt
they delegate to their servants, shall
tnot be construed to deny 13any right re
tainedl by them. All powers not spe
ciallyv delegated are retained by the co
people. All ipowers arei excepted out l
of the geineral powers of thre Govern- t
nment which are not therein slpciarlll cr
mentiioned, and all laws lpassed con- ld
t trary thereto or to the provisions con. a
tained in tihe ('onstitution shall be ip- th
so frtfo nuill nld voild.
I5th. The exticise of the ballot is a
high pri'ilege not a huniinii right, and
v0no petrson should be plermiitted to ex m
ercise that ptrivilege without having
paid a poll tax for the support of the Ir
public schools of at least t$,50 per 11
r year.
6th. No person should be permitted vi
to hold an office of honor, profit or of
Y trust urinder the State Governlment, at
Y unless Ire be fully qualified by educa- SC
a tion and moral chilracter for the posi
tf tion lie aspires to. I
s 7th. No person should be allowed
s to sit upon a jury who cannot read s,
' and write the English language. oi
8th.. The sacredlness of the ballot- lit
box should be grlrdlled with care.
r 9th. Every salary siouild be redu
ced to the lowest amount necessary to
retain good servants, and every office t,
n0 ot necessary should be abolished, ii]
viz : Lt. Governor, District Judges, in
e Corotnels, Recorders, Tax Collectors a]
e and Assessors, and the Supreme Bench is
made a court of law only, with three P
t" Judges. The Senate to be reduced tO
tt to thirty members and the legislature
r, to one from each parish and one from
each district in New Orleans. Andt
10th. Tile Capitol removed to Ba
Bt ton Rouge. 1I
e These are part of the strong guards d
' tie people demand, which it would be i
- folly to sutippose could be passed or C
t adiopted by namendments. A Conisti
a stitntional Convention is the only p
Smotle of procedure, alld with a Con
tititltion embracing such Ballient
l' pilts s j hae iave nllled \woll leave
s thie sltate inti noeconditiln for tihe ad
vent of Wirmaotlh and his crowd. r
The Lamb and Lion "usiness," to o
use the slang of the show people, of
was enacted to close perfection when
the Democratic members of Congress fur
joined with Warmouth and his co- ol
hurts in 1Washington, in recommnend- I,
ing Effingham L ,wrence to the post si,
of Collector of the Port of New Or. tro
leans, "Brutus" the home Correspond- lan
cut of the New Orleans .Denwerat, D
and a gentleman well known to the cai
S"patriots of Louisiana," presents it
in this way:
But the wonder of wonders to all who
t have had any real hand in the relenip St
tion (f poor Louisiana is, that our own wi
Democratic members of Congress, placed thi
in position through the agonizing throes
of deadly opposition to Warmoitlismn in li
all its phases, should have joined War- pry
moth in recommeuding Lawrence. God en
knows Lawrence alone, Lawrence sas
tained by his own business capacity, his an
own high purpose, his own patriotism,
R would have been bad indeed Yet we
have all these high qualities in Law
rence (?) but for which he has never been 0o
d distinguished among men, and Lawrence ta
f sustained by Warmoth ! And our Con- tlt
gressmen, too, have joined Waruloth in
reconmmending Lawrence for this high in
- position! ti
, Of course to the unsophisticated voter
,, who has gone through the eight years
battle against corruption and despotism. gi
1- and has learned-aye, taught the world
a over again-that only brute force can or
crush out brutality, this is one of the
i- insolvable enigmas. We place this act
,, beside the appointments of Pinchback,
Longstreet, Howe, et id oane genus, and
we ask ourselves, CiI bono? No answer th
conies; lbut the politician whispers in
our tired ear-c-o-n-s-e-r-v-a-t-i-s-ml! in
S Worcester says the word Conservative
a means "tending to preserve-preserva
d tive." And to preserre our property and
our civilization has been the fearful
P struggle of every decent white man in
to Louisiana for eight long and weary years.
Every peaceable meanr was exhausted in
vain; had only progressed to worse. At
n - last blood was spilled to preserve, and
ed the era of preservation dawned on as.
Reason and solicitation were mocked to
ie scorn; only force could prevail for good.
ek Who, then, have been the "Conserva
ad tives Y" Who have caused the starlight
of preservation of a cherished civiliza
tion once more to flicker through the
)le dark cloud of Radicalism I The Pinch
backs, Howes, Longstreets and Lawrenc
es f Ask the blood-stained stones that
a pave Canal street!
t- It will be remembered that the VIN
ed DICATOR has all along insisted on the
Democrats allowing the Radicals to
transect their own business without
ac- let or hindrance; however, they seem
8. bent on "putting their foot in it"
.85 every opportunity they get, and we
suppose it best to let the "fools learn
their own folly."
Judge King. the head and front of the
"Louisiana Conservative element," re
signs his position as collector of the port
of New Orleans, and thus passes away
the glory of the house of Anderson.
Cotton Receipts, 1877.
Received previously......1 ,018 bales
" during the week....232 "
Total..............,25U "
The Work in Congress.
Our branch of Congress. as the HIouse
of Represuetatives is popular:ly known
with the people, has, for the first time
inl years, begun that which Buckle tells
Its is the only good work legislators ever it
do, to repeal the had laws enacted by
the predecessors in office.
The silver hill and tde repeal of the
resumlnption Act are the topics of legisla
tiin which now engross attention, not t
only in the Iialls of Congress, but in
every village and hamlet in the land
The hill demonetiziig silver passed un- .
der the rnag law in the tlemnhlie'n ('on- 1
gress of 1:73, was one of the miost out
:raeoucs and flagrant violations of the :5
rights tof the masse's ever perpetratid t
and was so cliarly in the interests of the
ring of hoid holders, :is to have met in
every election since, the most stulbborn
alnd emphaitic denunciation of the pe- a
ple. This hill the l)emocratic louse..
true to constituents and pledges. have t
repealed by a vote of 168 to 34. It is
beforee lthe do Senate for their concur- t
rance, with every hope of their doing so.
In the mealltime, the m(oney power
conies to Waslhington fromt New York,
lston. and other Eastern cities to pro
test againt a ine:IIsire not one of then
canl say is not of vital benefit to the peo
p l1 at htrge. and this body of lohhyists t
are moving heaven and earth to defeat
the will of the masses. It seems that
President Hayes has not given them
that attention which they have hereto
Sfore commnaledl , and we have every
assurance of the final success of the
Illeasl' r.
The repeal of the Reisumption Act. is
e now udetr discussion, and will pass the
r house.
These t win measures, with a new aind
I vigorous tariff for R'renue only, will he
r of great benefit to the entire country,
and there consequences will le at one('
seen in a return of confidence, a renewal I
of industry and an invigoratinz of the
whole body politic not before felt since
before the war.
Let our Congressmen and party be
steadfast and true to these salient points
of party principle, and all will not only
- e well for the people, but llemiocratic
paI ty su!cce'ss will be assured.
Standing armies are standing menaces n
to popular liberty, and they are totally
inconsistent with republican ideas. It
makes no ditfference 'ihout the size of the'
army, it. is the principle of the th thing that
is incomupatable with our views of a Re
public. We remember that last year, a
single regiment quartered by Grant at go
the Capitol, overawedl tkle whole Ameri
can people, who were sutlicient in inunm
bers, it is trite, to have destroyed the
regilment. Ra
English liberty as now exercised and
boasted of, was secured long bef'lre the a,
(lays of her standing army. Had it been o(i
in existance when Hamlpdlen, Pymoln. and
Cromwell, made their successful ell'ort.
'"English liberty" would not be a thing of
pride as it is to-dtay. France gains and fr
then loses her liberties as she puts de wn
and Ililhs up her National (lnardl. When
these citizen soldiers are replaced by to
regulars a coup d'ctat follows certain, and
some one rides to power on the bayonets G
of the standing army, and upon the ruins
of the liberties of Frenchmen. le
America wants no standing army- she it
wants none at all. her State Militia is
far better, both as a principl', and as
soldiers. The "frontier protection !" why
Indian forays and Mexican raids are
tt simply augmented by United States of
troops who, on the frontiers, are the
1. laughing stock of both Indians, Mexicans,
t, Desperado's and the Rangers. An Indian
Scares no mnore for a regular soldier than y
it for a wooden man ; it's only the frontier
Ranger and Indian hunter that he dreads. t
0o Let the government pay the frontier
p States to protect their frontiers, and there
n will be no more Indian wars. Disband t
< the army and encourage a pride in State
SMilitia organizations, that will niot only
r- protect us from foreign foes, but from an
ed enemy more to be dreaded, the home
W ambitions tyrant.
M. Bath, popularly known with
onr citizens last winter as a first class
tailor, has returned permanently to
this city, and those who desire cloth
ing.which will fit and are at the same
time stylish and cheap, as well as of
the best material, should not fail to
give Mr. Bath an early call at his shop
on St. Dennis Street.
DISTRICT COURT.
The following is the Civil Docket for
the December term of the District Court I
in this parish. Judge D. Pierson presiding: t
Jules A. Blanc vs. Jacob Kile.
Pierson & Levy vs. heir of Mahala
Sprowl. t
C. F. Blanchard vs. T C. Payan et. asl.
Blanchard & Gullet vs. Emile Dupre
et. al.
Harris .iaffa vs. Wm. O'Brien.
M. C. Debrial vs. Emile Dlpre.
W. P. Kellogg vs. E. Holcombe et. al.
Harris Simon vv. 8. W. Whitfiehl.
A. F. Armand vs. Jerome Messi et. al.
O. Capnmartin vs. V. Sers.
R. M. Kearney vs. Parish of Natchito
ches.
Jerome Messi vs. F. Luchini & Bros.
Caspari & Dietrich vs. B. M. Lynch.
Jno. McDonald vs. A. J. McDonald.
Mayor and City Council of Natchito
cites vs. Rachael Williams.
W. W. Breazeale vs. Jaff & Parsons.
Jules Ducasse vs. Keyser & McKenna.
Catherine Jones vs. A. L. Dupre.
Miltcnberger & Co. vs. Chits. B. Trichel.
A. Perini vs. Caspari & Dietrich.
Caspari & Dietrich vs. Jas. K. Colton
et. ale.
State of La., ex. rel. F. Houbley vs.
Geo. W. Kearney.
Josephine Flores vs..lJos. Ezernack.
3M. E. Blanchard, wife of Win. Payne,
vs. her husband.
C. L. Walmsley, asignee, vs. Geo. E.
Gillespie.
C. L. Walmsley & Co. vs. J. J. Allen.
John Syilvester vs. Frank Mitchell.
Jane Anderson vs. L. G. Barron.
G. M. Tommons vs. J. W. Cockilield &
Boullt.
Sarpy & Metoyer vs. W. H. Boullt.
T. C. Donovan vs. Jas. Bonds et. al
Bullard & Campbell vs. J. F. Wagley.
L. L. Brnmby vs, W. P. Hall, District
Attorney.
F. L. Carroll vs. Sam Parson.
V. Rachal vs. T. L. Metoyer.
W. H. Boullt vs. Sarpey and Metoyer.
J. P. Harrison. Jr., vs. M. F. McDonald.
RELIG(tIOUSC ('OL'MN.J .A
Edited by the Rev. T. J. llough,
Bible Study.
The Blilble is a scieuee that yiehds up its si.
erets to the diliglent iltudent: to Ihe und.rrtod
it mst e relail caref' ully. aund with siome oh.ieit
in vi'ew. (tlri Saviolr said ".Siarch thlie' scrip
ture's anld all whi lot' hint should be willilg to
hlt'V his mlllllland.
If ie iteir upllllon the stulld ift11Av science we
first Icliininit to nlletliorl tl' ie stri't rules bV
whichri W' are ti Illo' ,..overneill, this evIery school
lhv kinows and aplpri'iatts. Lit Its tlhtl now- (
"If any man i will ldo his will ie shhall klnow  of
ih di'i trini . ' 'Th reti' imai lsi' whil are' Itring
impossisiilities, thait is the,, "i, eitd,':leaV inr_ to
rvl rs'l ll' irIIri'i'trsabI ' la w, they wish to ki now
int ord.r Io doi, whireias t ll' iteverlsable law
tiileh'i's us that wei ninst do in orlder to knoli'.
'lTo illustrate-threie or fur tIarse real estate
owners were sitting down in an oilive, disin's
sing' tire Rlille, its doctrines aril partiintrly, ('jll
the dolrines of tird anid 'ilth. They inte.r
mingled their dis icrion of Hii sti i lotrios
themlles wih red hot li ths. anill d teilR,1 I al thil
these l' o tr'li istit d li s. aii r\1 i. thelt" wI'i v .
ating tlhe plai. . l ine s tlt. laid down in thi. iblei .
wt ilii, fItl t oh, wetre iilett ritni r tit solve tih. l e
oit lntin s. ,l llhn t t lyow I , ll t lrn vtei lrs, foll.o
asil 'nential .l li ni'utl .n and toi i salt lo, whi t lii' O "
that th i dwI the will of (hrt ll irst, asln I will
gluarnt'e thas t in three mlhs the nn il will under
listand tihe dtrinesi. anild this is what thii are
to do. Ist. lHmluwber thi, ahbath day to kle (li
t il ltl.l ed. ilH onstai t in P rvyer. 3 it. Have
faith in f(l, fr without faiudy the is iittisible to I1
Iitllaset haid-ain on i In.livly-'. or rT l not Itw e l
lae ul f thei' Lord thy (std in laiin." and lastly 11d
as a duty nilt'rcid. "'Than shalt lntoe thLe Lr i
thv (;ld with allthy heart." 'St. l'aul says "the
natI' lilln:a rl~ el ivethi not thll, thi.s oif till'.
spirit of Gtod: Ili thhey aret fvtr lisbntll'si lut lrhim; l i
neither ian he knollw  them. ittelnt e they ari rv 1
spiiriit na s discernedli." i efttre, the thriee noimthus'i
trhatl hals itlpstd the man will have found the
spiritual lenses and will more full llylnItstaxtd 'l
Without having one in h ind. or rtil hIor how toi
aid the mnemory i. tlht studdy of ither i .ih. :ld -
fitr this ilnursite rr w nting t atlts thai ttiht trir li
the t iht ii an sil phaetis' t -aln'-;lnurlul thit, tliti". or
llt one of the Ietnieri l l loi t the l'u ttirs ofs st
lt'h ailphabet andl hlt ithe fatnily r'pe at suhoi pis
S s, ,.es oilf liptulitre as they imay rm' m llll i"r c 1,1m
t neitinri w iith that letiper. In this rw idint we i
give the letters and t' reTlie, bill the rfi' lil or
may lie oiittd t r llhollte. 4
A --P1'a 4--1. p
C As the hart panteth aifter the watel r brooks,
so pant'iilh my inl after thee, (l lld.
(ininilit :-t hen lithe fll h at er) oa in
hunto yu and btunutev in mid sinnriti r. and is alo
llmost fiuni.hin- for w hatel, and sls .tp hliet nhn, .
tailin ,,'. a silrer'v -tr.arn leaping from rok to i
rock. hEi, pants. and hounids onallird to satisfy AL:e
his thirst in the litpitl strei ,, and 'iiso w itttli'
aitn heart sick wit lithe trinhlsr and disappoint.
inults nif this world.let us press onward ti t-hat
crii -L f12.3-untai apin from the wtlinid -;de
of in iiot.r, anil satisty tfhe t ravings of our
thirsty soil
B. -Eph. 4-A6.
it gn plary e and sin not ; let not the sun go fl
,down oil your wrath-- Ag
(.-Matlhew 6-41.
Consider the lilli:,e of the filcdl how ihtv _,row: at
tllsv- tiln itl. neith r 11 thil i y sl in. and yet I say hi s
unto ton, that iv esn c lomoni in all his glory
was nolt arraed like one of these.
)D.-Psa 192.,
tDay unto Iay nttereth speeclh, and niglit unto
night show'eth odi l v ririal
F--St Jlohn 3.3.
Exclept a man hlie i:orn again he cannot see the
kingdioin of (oi
F--Luke 12-32.
Fear not. little flock, for it is your Father'
good pleasure to Bive yon the, kingdohi.
Gi. Math 641.
Give ius this day l our dailyi bread.
It - Hlebrews 2-:1.
How shall we esicape if wt neglect so great
salvation.
(I--.. nt( 1-26.
If tany man amtli lich lo e istll thre ilib is.
I and bridleth not his tln,,n, but i,,'civeth his
w' liellnt, this a 's rl igioli is val.
J--Math 7 1.
JudOwe not that tyei be n to ld one an
tKi tiuhe son ligt e ofe aihrye and yis ie rish
from the way. when his wrrath is kiiilleil but a
little.
S L,, nh, ilin say whinu l is temid, I im
at hisp sttoiG .
. -Psa 13 -19.
lne are tow ty ceitor in the ayflicin s of thy rih aeos b
a Go dliv h t h uh. f the al.
r thro is toi elop rews 1tai he.
II ow not ctiaslslth t r tl lreh sen.eth o
le rtous hmli grit,\clvu i, n cllterth .,l Iv i hfterwarti.t
it e-ihsded tlt~ eiabr n frauitl wiof rllint osnestd,
nti them which ae excreisld thereby.
VOwe no man anithing but to prlove oner, another.l is
aP--Pa I6y.15.
mt ilcis saints.8
Qill a man r 143
a Qroickeu Gle 1VI) Lorl i fir ithy aml tt ke.
Store;baileir y owi LChy i e-aolr in the liyns of hyr
eof t thllenot who madwie iu, his own conceit ?us
o tnth ore tire ructho of the soi, yea h e. tenth
tof all our grois receid nptoi t hem that wait for hi
otpel th o s the heathnkt, n pprt i inhim.i
'ilto him he lr in spthe ofchus. Is it Christr
lhad tesu f throughoilwct al ages, world wia r in t end,
Vanity of vanities stt th the preachert , t all isn
lait W i any lay, ichi 3 at8 l i n-.
ItWill a man rob aGerd lnt t od of ir
lhait anience m nhl hreavirhis tre of a Ilao, wlouiil ie
to guilty ione te gat accordin nice to te ible st creant
al. id wao, ld e have robbed hhni "i- tithres a tl of
feringi" and for that re Itlason e asl , "yhave tare
pr cursed with ra c:llre." It is clarly aisctiernabl oe
tenth oa the produtc of the e osl.tye.il one tenth
iof all r gross re. and eiptll cutine to arry on his tnvetil.
is law isa to u ee t churchs, to ry the
goclspe fit of the iheatho, aind s Ippllrt his cminbis
al.try, mlan if wne ro oi of with his one ofent, e will
clleetit hnlself in pthe of llns. tI in an pn ftira
itro- sitin sea say, a ot an is able t tie pay wile
had lhe fluet in his pocket for an crop ieu this sup
portwehave had institutior years, plans 'ther has no money,
lawyers and ios o werthe offenijoed at the idea"co I
anofd ainci a ountiiFl harveat, extlec til indict'
ito be, abnl to ainy hiul leth will hs e nuch got s
lwith a prrt for hiny days eat, drinkt and bthe aecrry."a
Itn wiias not heard aWhout before that the Gd of cuei
thexistence who stooud sohave hi share: a lronf ite lil
forgive our onerts be senteh according to fithe vBile sitan
hel.ard Wrionmeuld have een reeeied withf rluin, his
leing know man ofotlietldilnr of alln "we havu telcen
ton crSed with a otCi'ne" the Lrd hl to is akun ilts one
tehnlh crinteh iokterent, ly holht, wius,
train and sfear lest ti wil contimue upto do so until
v rocky cist ourf the gitintaito sare, tond has Goembede who
his pearls dthis letter, Iarlnder the ocean wae, anti of
yne, ian has one o wok wth hos key of knowl- the
iedge andoinlockf Persia. d bythe nlountains, profane penetra
E. ath seas, haXerzes Kigotten o the goil awh led out the pearls
landest ruit in his pocketld, and now refughses to sup-inst
to sareeks.
e sWhile this is going on thave ofdewritten s "com
passed about with no great a cloud of witnesseshad.
and accusts, anels are drawhng up the indiet
with a warrant for tis arrest, anftche alcwsa
iprnounceta on the indivilnl who is guilty of
i l' a good thi.ng. lf
M ar rie dl
BULLARD-SOMPAYRAC-At Trini
ty Church, on Tuesday evening Nov.
20th, 1877, by the Rev. Mr. Cameron,
CIHARLES A. BULLIRD ESQ., to MIss M.
M. SoMrIAYnAc.
- L - Fii~orr1or
M. I3ATIIH,
Merehant Tailor. '
(,LO1E FIT IONEST WORK. the
MATERIAL FIRST-CLASS,
-AND AT
PRICES TO SUIT THE TIMES 111:
:1 1,
('all at my Establisllment, the
ST. 1)ENIS STIH'fE ',
Sotntl
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
No\. 21 lIrn. 7
r'1`IE piublic are : i'c autin d nt to t ra: et
lilt lle. (;
'T'hree certain notes exec.intld Iait sigh l
itd iv Lawsionl S. ('ra;al on thel Ist .lan- II
nary lti; aiil lmulie payaihle to A. M.
(U :treltt, as follows, viz: ono note I 'l ll ' - II.
Itv dollar+s,, (li- ( lln Ist .Janta' I 9: -1)m o Ilt
uts' fo" lifly-'tiv'e dollar, d(I' Ist .1;tla 11a
ry ," and o1ne' for lifly-tive dtolla;il's i t' Ii
1st Janu;l ll ly I  1 I, a:ll Ih.aring i e st int:esl lt a at
t per cent from flait until paidl.
These notels have hen hlost or mislil l
mini I will taktht lhg:1 steps ;It once to St.
t,4'l e th11 ir la, yl llt' t. t
Nov '24-2't A. 31. ;ARIt I'rTT. It
- - - - For
J. J. McCOOK & Bro,.
lHave thie ('elelrated Clhufa Si! 11 fnr T
sale, alld they piy the r:l
10IIIIE:ST CASH FIG1(;'IES
for Cotton :11l Idiihs, and have a full
ass.ortlent of goods at the ,lowest rash
p1 1eWF". N , 2-1 2 l-2l t5 IN,
IIESIGNATI'ON. -ii
WiXx cn:s'rl:, TiNss , Oct. , 1r77. Ft
I11: h ve this ,1;ay riesi:tnel my ,position of
AeXnt ito ly Imiothler. Ml's. 1. W\ rl'slehy,
in view of oi' thet r bullsiness '14 g;le4l'lnts.
(G. L. W\ALMSLEY.
NO'TI('E.
As niy son, *( 4fGorL_ L. " , 1al. ll'y. has
Sthis di., I , s Ithi, 1S77. ri ein d :H s ily i
Agent, I tio l'i\tli aiicept his lIsiglin tiol, 44
and l ;Ire ii'lnoliied tlhatil I shall niot hirre- 1
after catlnithr mnysclf ountd by ally of
his transacthilts. We
E. WAIMIEY. '
Winchester, Tennl., Oct. I, 1,77. 1)
LOOK HERE!!! x
S. WINBARG, :I
(Corner FRONT & hIORN St.,)
at DECLARES REBELLIANO
--ON- a
II
109
ih
, FALL AND WINTERt
SA full, complete, select as- 'rU
sortment of merchan
dize, fresh from
th market, and
bought
h, at rieduced prices, which '
enables him to sell
BELOW the LOWEST. p'
SYouths'
and Mens'
CLOTHING,
'" of the finest make and material a cU
rspeciality.
are
, A complete stock of
t FURNI'TURE,
fir thle Best and Cheapest ever
ike brought to this market.
;(Hn -------- -- IR
i;r All lines of GOOI)DS suited to 0
kn the wants of Natchitoches cus
nlle tom.
th COlE BEFORE THEl ARE ALL GONE.
j' Don't forget the place,
SS. WINBARG'S
t Corner Front & Horn Sts.,
SNATCHITOCHES, LA.
.: AU CTIO T SATLE.
ty of
and TOWN LOTS. t
who r will offer for sale to the highest and 1
me lat bidder at tile Court Hlouse door
n of in the city of Natchitoches, on t
ithe Monday, December 3d, 1877, 1
Sthe twentV lots of ground, situated in the
at city oi' lantchitoches Iletweeln, andi front
Second Street and to Baiyyo Jilcko,
unto numlbered on the Map of said city, from
lots No. 1, to No. SO, iuclusive, each lot
contailing a front of 96 feet, running
ways back to a depth of 165 feet.
Terms of Sale.
One third cash, the balance in 6 and
12 months. Acts of sale at the expense
rii- of the punrchaser, with vendors privilegeo
Nov. and special mortgage retained to secure
ron, paylment of credit terms.
M. J. LEONARD BULLARD,
Nov. 17-3t. Auctioneer.
___________"_i_____ o,,
For Ac.ount and Estate St. Ann 'Pr- th,. I,
dhonutte. 'l
thl 1
Lani Certificates. (,.
39 83 "10 Aees, \North\c stl 411ll;t r tof by l11
the s tiilhw'est o t:ithr, Sectioni 7, towli- East
shill 8, rinlge 7. Il i,,
:tl) 71-e 10 A(1 t s.1' tt ellttl i'st q Iartier of li1llldI
the Sonthit lt ii L't'i r of sction' 12. l t 12. 1in
township ?i. 1,ng'e S. inw
':D 79-100 Arre,, Northeavt ii;qulrtlhr lf llr
sll uthe9st (1 'l: n 'rf st a hillf 1, tllii iilip ilnl
l,, r'l i t i' S. I , .11"
13t .5:l(110i Abrl'iS' SmithetilSl q1ilrl\T'1er of
l lt st ` il '1, a t rlii 'r of'i thle So titill t liani
4lilll:,Itt r of scl htion 7. 'wlihipi s, r:ile , i1( ;It
39 :i-100 A res, North:st (11r r(i1rhr of ISi
the Sionuth7west (arter ofIctiu 7 town- . I it
ship I 8l , I cPne . arn'i
Southeast qinf iitr of section 1a . and th1 r,,
Foas halcofllt' Iti Ettelf of sit. io. Plrn
tovnl ii `I. 1 ' i o Pitintge I 14, t. ('
79 51-1t:tl .i1iis. :is )al h lf 'nof%, nlhgI lst
1iirirlfer, s1 et io l i. toi\nshiip s, range .
Certillelt 171119.t
1tl .(t-1i0 ii\Atres Nolhithiast l narter otf
sectill 1l, to hVll~tis Iit k ', ;orth. range ,i
w est. ,11 ('
1(10 Acres. Nortlwi st qulart(r of se,- [1
tn 7. tou nshiip . N, 1r11Th. rang i. west. I I
100 10-l'i's. .it s, t usituialltd oil tilt, right nee
liiik of liolt o.i l ititi , lying (onti tit 2 - nli. A
s all lisnd above S. P. halulini i. III Acell s 1i(r l }
hrcl: il( i, anrdinliovd. with hosl, iand da1;y
i.lter, t'lh i 7lanl-i : wol9dl: 1it, of Il
hese liands will nhe .l 'I privliate sale
ati 1y htit, payable ol ne, h lt ' esi , hai ll- \4
Silllr i h ill It.l (two al'lll bis . with good
solv lt sc t i rihtis. To 'he sfol( on thelt 1,
.:u.tnil itlh M lialy's in Dctelmher next inh
1 P'tlit e Antini to the highest i hi , r.
For a feoutl t and Estatle of J. B. rl ill
ist'dI nh rllltllnn. , fron te
Two iiliStifuil tracts otf iand. lyi"ng n 0.
aci sidt oftit Saline i ,lyou ,i fi, ile i
i'--;l ittli it'i'5, I" ilolX ' I0' .11 li, litt i Ilshi ti'- itr
a olti\e St. Mailie, containiting 10pi ntl cts , nl ,ll
Coll lign tll to Oni e linidrd 111'fi Si!t y 'i
;i all't'e iof cytl'ris, lbreak, allapedr to'f " ha l "
iw-Mill. lastll
.Ariland tracts t Oh 111 R iver. hank ('on
S ltai tod l c it tiltiis i i:,.; rl ,l n tno s o hlln and. Nlit
W St, I,;l :,nl i;:ll 1--- -I is rll H ll L0l a in r (d. ,f
iitFor 1 :itl i tn lal's apply o to o n 1 t
EMILE S'r. ANN I'PI'Il)IIOMME, the
('(a p;tlll e 1. (1. A"
o Natchit.s 'arish. La. 1- lo
ofh
FOR SALE. SAiL
six'
/ ('".jETAIN plantation or tract of
Iland, tliat Ad ill tihe pAlish io lied hi
livIr. Slate of Lollisiana, oll the right 1y
Towlak f Clt h livr, dtesending. opposite anf
Logg lrtlaon, Ihcin, i sbctions I23, 1.
i Ef '2. 2. il Township 14, nge 11, of
This plantation has now ill ctitiva- ilt
(,lon and under good filletc, auolnt :.o) A.
-ares, more or less, with v\albFI L E - i
pro-"ielents, consisting of a dwelling il
hoN -e, gi  lls ro etwlill s, cr orn lIs
crihs, and all nece l'ssarV o t-hll ildingh . .
''i. Ils pla~ t tion is inel. y tiln ere , , ric Antcr.
notl slecdt to overilows, al will he sold
A certain trit of land r plantation tihe
situated in the parish of Grant, Staff, of r1,0
Louisiana, on the left holik of til hon il
Dian river, 2desn Linc, sisting e of a I \'
Frant il 1 Ji'es of land 'oliHried by Si
ongress t -o Letstoi ridhhnte, as as- f
sipnl of John hlapisnte Breve lif, and ano
:49 I,-100 alrens pnhased by the d e
(vased, lestan Prillholnlle, fron thlhe in
lion is t alo nW illn ltivation and witph n
about three or fatr lunidred ni'ew un- 12,
Pd r d ,oodl fi 'll(e ; is lit ly wl\ u lood ; trot fill
'lill' to vce tlow.:nd has all the Ives- 1il
irv WiliIIgs Kid ilrovlmnti thirA il
Ol1.
onr i't formltyli tllirsty tle PlUnixsl- I
lbu.hounne, hin he city vf Noiehifoches.
F. A. PRI'IlIHOMMF.
Feb'|. 2i.ly y
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS, ,
NOTICE. a
Succession of llarcelin Tau:in, dec'd.
A LL persons having claims against
the Succession of Marcelin Tanzin,
are hereby notitied to conie forward and
present the samel, and those indebted to
said Estate are requested to come for
ward and settle.
JULES DITCASSE,
Nov. 24. Administrator.
NOTICE.
Succession of George Gurney.
I ENRY V. TESSIER having applied
for the appointment ot Dative Tes
tamentary Executor of the last will and 1
testamuent of George Gurney, dec'd. No
tice is hereby given to all persons con
erniied to show cause within ten days
from this date why the application of the
petitioner should not he granted.
P. A. SIMMONS,
Nov. 24-2t Parish .ludg :.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
John WV Cockerhnia vs Robert F. Hmnri
son et. ols.-District Court No. 8122.
John tW. Cockerhamn vs. Robert F. llarri
son et. als.- District Court No. 8142ý"
Y V\IRTUE of two several writs of
SFieri Facias issued in the above
entitled and numbered suits and to me
directed, I have seized and will ofler lfor
sale to the last and highest bidder at the
Court Hlouse door on
Saturday the 5th day of Jan. 178,
' 'l l ,' ! i ' , l i V\ l' .,I P l , ., . f ,i r t h i i t t' r tm t o f
a 1Irta-in ir:twl 1 .f I. l P!llaitationl
x-ituat,.d il, th0 , pmtt h, ,f, .:It, hin ,his o0
ti lle' lt 1 h :l' 11- ,,t' l ;1,111tt l' lnlliei dl 'seen.
Ming. ,11i t' l l , ,llli , l li ,i 11(b 1 half of
tlh I -land k;it :,t , :1i II l ±u , l'dai[p anll
coot:linit, in ":r11 ap t h )lt I , Thou
santd awr,'- .i ,, ,' }, -, haun ded below
by thi tIl .r halft t .u 1 I -la l. ion the
;East l 1y ithe i tb. i. o il t\\et y the
i~, n itt l' dIt I n toi'te , i \ith all the
Imlldints 1al1 i i lrto i n,',ln ; thcre n,iu.
eilnllnt Pte:' t i'i, o l;, ir,,l,'r a lit -
1ilaid of tl' r iFlnta iit hI.l leift ri te
1t 11 S1 f.-11, i ii t plidhe tire
,y'tiler «h1w1n1 the Ihmbdlllings and imn
illro1y1t l' " . hete onls
Siermatr ofof ,t :
('.Sui , withli the h in f.it f :Ill wraismtent.
D. I1. 1;h JuLTdgJr.
Nov 17 ids Sheriff.
N~I OTIS E.
Succession . of ,Jr,,om, .Vlesi, Dee'd,
i' l:.)ls E. MIs SI 1t.vilg applied to
SI.. applinttred At dnisrat. r of th.
SIn eVistiol of Jerome oIessi, deeeased,
notlirc is hertl gseil en to all wlon it
Sl\'i co'lll Iin, to s tfhow ensltles within ten
ida".s' frit l this dati, why fusle applicatio
ofi' titioner ihould hpt the granted
P. A. SIMMON, 1
Nov. 11-_1!. Parish Judge,
8!!ERIFFS SLE..
IJuhls Dt as;Ntitse si. r. Eloise A front
and ,idmn C. Trichel.
District Court. No.
) Y virIt 13 of a writ of F'it Fa. issa,
i. ) hy the Molh. District Co: rt ih and
f- r ill Parish tf Nathilitt' tchet , and to
t nlir\' liect', isstned on a twelve, ontf
Itml ynof Mrs Eloise tArmanld and John
S Al'riel, inll favor of uls d uitnatee.
Natchitwchl'e.s tl k
Nid tlrda't. list da/ Iof December, 18177
the f|,llo« ing proplrtyx, to wit:
-1 ce otn;it11 lot of groultl situtll d in the
ari.sh ofi Natchitches, having a front
i of sixty.feet en Si' ly Street, and ruon
Ring back for a dea1r0h one hundred and
sixty-tive f', t. lonnd1ed north by Sibley
S( Street. south h` lot of Petijean, eastb
T"hird Street, and we.st by lot of .
yttiti is l together with all the buildings
It le llland improvemenpts ltherereon.
Also ' certain l o t of ground situatedi
ilthe Town r of nNathit oces, and known
id descrihed i as i t -si n . i I oi pllat of oiet
Snr\" ye'l on Ilthl day (it' .ibly by Samd.
tl lurdiik, having a fr ont aof sixty.si'
, feet on Sibley Streeti with a depth of te
I hundreid anil sixteen f. et. hn ded on 1
the east by Third Street. westi by lotNo.
S.1, north 'y lot formerdy hIlouging to
tit Antoine Prlho, itl ad tifhe, withlall
I the h uilings andl improvements thereon,
AlsoI anlot her lot of gronnd ituated in
Sthe Tow( n tittl Parish of Natchitoches,
p fronting sixty-six fret oi Sibley Street,
awld rinninm hatk one hundred and silty,
live feet, acquired by Petitjean frond the
I) Succession sale of st M. tlyams on 16Chrc
of Mtr tch. 1le70, with all the buildings
1 and improvements thereon
Also a certain lot of ground situated
in hilte ('its and Parish of Natchitoches,
and itrtleied II,runn'ingightty-twofted
six inches, on south side of Church
Street. parallel lines, hounded on thea
i east fy lot No. 1f, otl tihe west liv lot No.
12, on the north by ('.Church Street, and
fill the South hy lot ,helongin to or used
hi"y t. Josvpt'fhs College, together with
Sall the huihliigs attd inlproveument
lltt'reolt.
Also, an iiitli\id,'d Itne-forrtlllh intetU
r- in ttatl tt hrete certain lots of grotunldin
c fthe town of (rand Ecore. Parish of
.Nat'thitoclhe's bc'iuig i utbl,'red :1-839 and
40. eac( h lhaving a front of seventy feet on
S'ee'dlt Street, and ruinfning back for
'depth rone hiiudrtld aintl sixty feet, loud.
ied nIr'th hyV Seeonl Str'ee't, sotth by a
Alley. east by ReIt Str'eet, and werathy
lot ,o. 37, said lots hI.ing so nnmbernd
o11 a plat of" saidi Town of Grand Ecorm,
m:lde by Louis Pelle, on 27th day ot May,
Ilo 1:1 Seized as the Ipr)pe'rty ftheDe
fiendatnt, Mts. Eloise Armnand.
Terms of Sale.
CAST--w'ithont the benefit of sp
* praisemenrt.
er- D. 11. BIOULLT, JR..
Oct. 27.-f tds. Sherif.
CONSTABLE SALE.,
rte Ist Jlslies Conrt, Ward No. 1, Parial
of Natchitoches, La. No. 32'17.
Joseph Levy vs. Fredrick Jones.
SY virtcue of a writ of Fi. Fa. itual
.) ft'ollt fite, tllo. the 1st Justice Couft
in ant for the Parishl of Natbehitodch
State of Louisiauna, I have seized sa
ny. will offer tfor sale to the last and hihlll
est hidder at the door of the Coli
hounse in the City and Parlsb of Naltchi
toches, on
'" &aturday, 1st dtay of December, I187,
the foillowing describeld property, to.Wi:i
All the right title and interest of thL
defindant Fredrick Jones, iu ai
3,600 pounds of cotton in the asee
or less.
Terms of Sale.
ses CASH--snubject to appraisement.
A. L. BIRETEL,
No,. 17, Constable, Ward 1.
NOTICE.
SALE OF PUBLIC FEiRRIE,.
The public are hereby notified that in
IsX atefrdance with a resolution adopted a
the( Octtol,er session of the Police Jury,
will proceed to sell, at public anctiou.a
i the dtlor of tllohe court-houise, between ts
hours of 12 mi. and 2 p. m., on
S' Sat urday, the 1st day of December, 1
all thle public ferries within said Pariah
viz :
c'd. Monette's or 40 mile.
iiint Cloutierville.
i, Twelty-four Mile.
ant Moutgomery,
i to St. tMauIrioe.
for- Gunucny
Johnson's.
Grand Ecore.
. Campte.
Jordan's.
Lake Village or McDonald's Bluff.
Jombia Point.
Staln & l)imt'ery's.
Said firrries will i be solt on the fo0ll'
tg terms aInd conditions, fto wit :
'es- To be sold tfor a ternl of three .yeb
an The purchase price to be receivable i
o ani:ty lgnl il'arish warrants, as fiollows:
coi- Oiie thiiril oftlit' puirchttse rice piP'
tlo 15th da:y of Noveilber 1c , and one ti
on the 15tlh day of November 1879. Tl
piurehaser to give bond as dinrected by *
e Any failure to carry out the teor
sale, will operatte as a cane'elation Of
iid the P'resident of the P'oliee Jury
rtri- atthorizedtl tio lutt uI s'aid Ferry 0 thd
2. st tiny of Decemtnler following, aad "
thr salue to thit highest hlder, .l t
r- In case any Ferries aret' not sold tb
will be re-,otl'redt. at a time to be 0
: of notlnc(c on tin e day of silt.
bove WM. PAYE
StNov. 3-td Presint P
iIr iiI -
-i& et-your printing doue t
the VNDIsoCAT0 Job OfMc.