Campaign Song.
r% JA.MES M'KF.ON, TEUTn WARD.
Air; Wearing of the Green.
tte ntjlio , all brave Di"mocrats,
AThe time has c~nue at .last
'or down-troddnen Iimianl
T'L'o rhdemrn the Litter past.
fling to the breeze your banners;
P'roe'iniln it i'verywhere ,
icundricks for Vice.l'reasidlt
And Tilden in. thee air.
CIlORIU'.
Rise up. ye Democrats.
And let your war-crying ring;
Join us in thle chorus, Iboya,
For Tilden we will sing.
From' East to West, fron North to South.
Proclaim it everywhere:
Ile,drieks for Vice-President
And Tilden in the. chi;ir.
Election day is apprmachin;g,
And w~ll klad them such a danco
That the carltet-ha;gs atn sc:lawags
Won't stand thl slight&et chance.
Oh. Kellogg, we've concluded
That your rule is ue.rly o'er,
A rdl Blh Packard might as well pack up
For Maine's y shore.
lHer's to Nou. brave DsoCRnT,
And itll your gallant crew;
WV, have nominated Nicholls,
And we're bound to see himn through.
With Wiltz our second in comnand,
And a vote that's strictly faiir,
On tile fourth of March in '77
sio Tildse take the chair.
aTY07 tie Spartan mother to tier eon,
"Got vindKCate the right."
nese is the man who uo' shirks of
bremn Nicla1ls in the tght.
."'ow, 'bels," "banditt," traitors all,
WIPo :* "ma ofraid4-m't are,
3n4 trot's frsa hnye 4 "Sitting BDll"
C06'01 ";a l dcb 5 ma the labit
?hrongLhoit tis bhny Ilan4:
,e'1ll ambit 4 ** s&etraiiagi L t et
To maniplateh out hand;
)og IMuM '1e! with bIgat Soter.
list a l'slle ttrictly squeieI
"nd an kosu* thlly . - wmitA
*TI.. Nichalls take* the `. '.
o SpECIA? NOQTIQCW e.
hitfi
IeY wish it distinctly under, she
stooi that if camlitates nominma,
°" tad ot foeoe nawilling to pay btwi
tot tbei announeement. we siall
not oanoauna them. Thi rule we dm
thaa adopted in commoo witb oar
Consrvativo contempotaries, nd ng4
it wlnuott deviated (rome cnd !
includes al candidates pot upon to
thto saiona and. Starte tickets w
Ou: tergum saw as follows: 51*
2ominea for Otngressonal and
1witric oýeets, .0
onaines fotr Parii Sedge, leg
iratle, Sherif, tC erk, eaeC etJ,
nd Comlnet, s15 stn
Nominecs tfot 'oice Jror 110 1o
liminees for Ward un4 City r~
ofli&cgs., m
wil
Ethan Allen's Liberal teDpubli. t
can dodge at Saratoga, was a dis.
astgos failure. He indendc4 to
carry "the party" he represents
oedr to Hayes, but the party
" broke ranks"; and went over to
Tilden. Exit Ethan Allen--JY
the great Jehovah and the Couti
nental Congress! ts
eaeri l a1Morga has been nomi
nated for orvernor by the Repub
licans of New York. Gen. Mo-,
ganl wjill ome out in the Nor"ve
ber election 40,000 votesr-behiud.
,Kilpatrick says: "The bloody
shEirt itd money," is the ouly hope
for :Hayes in Indiana. Alas! T
poor Hayes,
Catfsbuts must be "snowed up."
"We have not heard of his where- I
abourt for three weeks. Come
outs , :an s peak mit de boys!"
Sigel is looking for you.
.pi Muaiu, Stnndanl
gives a n.nt r "Yes, di-d hard," ~
aneulattI Rehpblican laboring man, !d
w fair .way to stirve for -
i emOyent As he gazed at 1
the < p l 0transparency hung t
out as ther"ledqnrters and rd read
thu E v mitoney."
tA 61i the New York Times,
bac-lMr.- ! i "'here we hpve
tha ks to .. b ti.prs of Samuel J.
Tildea-fall aid complete evidence
that Wmi. i Twee ditr only from I
' a enmomm, f in haring e toile tens
otnau~dil..'uti of *t1oI. [
r as T.- +,. befor+eTilden was i
PIEttslwtv w ayse; Petrhaps
C ~ fck9 wl' unot feet like firing
lhii beatk ie  t Palitzer, Ottenderfer
iid Por;ka4i tin whenl he reads
M o taoan'i = i In the light of that
SeveI Mr. Scolsl t masi see
iw pas1b1pttl *e of the
Isa 11\al his frieLs ,
nio says: One of
.thls pre~Lbr
' r etafore the,
-., 1
'~Yesses1
~n~Alfred
MARTIN & SMITH, sup ernvie
S son getti
8 T.E .A ,7
SAW MILL, Ca
Six mines south of the city of Natchitoches
PRICE: for.
At the mill, per M. ....... 5.00 to $10.00
Delivered in town,pr M.,.........14.00 THE
W\yE TAKE pleasure in infoiuhg the
pV ,Iblic that we ar preparp to take
CONTRACTS to build cabins, furnishing
therefor. lnmber, material and labor, at
very low rates.
BOX COTTAGE,
with gallery, 14x18 feet, complete, shin. itlh S
gled roof, put up for $125.00 its 30th
BOX COTTI'AGE, 12xl feet, with gal- of
lery, complete, put up for $SI0. in the
Planters and others will lind it to their Jatsi e
interest to give us a call. its co
Orders left at this oflice or with Louis intueCst
t)npleix, will meet with prompt atten- IndrstR
tion. - gres o
Ti' Orders left with Mr. E. Smith, at B t
Willis Holmes' will meet with prompt New I'
t tA TI.. of all k
attenMtion. MARTIN & TII. ti
April 10- ly. various
- The 1
'I Get your pnilting done at ehealel
' the VLNDICATO'$ Job Office.
----- ------ --- lnillin
WILD OATS. :':;
PIROSPECTUS FOR 1876. pliRetil
liznilw:
Telega
Chbapioa Americaa Cotic Paper ! tri ity
*-- Invent
211tstrated by f tpl)Reofthe' ert Ameri- ers of I
ran artists, and *onltbit4 to by thSe ers, i
emsot Iwlyla humorists aeda eatirists of finl tl
the damv. them.
ild Oait new enters rtweeesfly ,p-. Imil:
a0 the aith year of its existnlee, and ing I
li hi. ome *th estahllished hnmlmrenws ad i Colleg
satirieal paper of the eontrl . It was A ye
stunt$d and cuitinwfel the lhst year as a .,Yar
Sislhtthy, thore, e sastisfy the d.mand , Wds
the puIlir, it was ehanstd ** a fortnight. Ig +ia
ty. aitil altisuing its gsal wor df ar
bitting folly as it flies, ard showing up pricR.
11 She politicat saI social shams by its 9eldii
ueasterty artoons and pungent e( ria als, imif
it achie vd even greater suce than DesIk
a belfor, san wl recognized as tht ablest
asm b rigli4 of itedals. Since then we
aies s-icked still fatl*er to the npublic Alea
Sdemand, antd onew blish Wikl Oats Solict
weekly Ib s literally grown into its and I
y pret shape ow its itrinsie Inmrite, be- world
lt4 g telw a tt sncorsafil w;bly humorous tions
pps ever published in this country. their
S Ameelg the artistso e* milly engaiged Pat
te fiarie', illstaltiolns for Witld Oats are Stale
Frank lletlew, Thomas Worth Hopkins, eaam
!t& Wales, heltn, Welf, Jump, Keettels, aotic
Stnekbard, , P, lotand, t u d seral of al
etherm who ase yet kows to fame. Ar
a its literaryt. depaltneaut Wild Oats te11
1wil, ie it always has, stand stone stn/ part
unappresetlabte. At beast urs lnrstels iwve
eg- teriai tory will atway be foawd in its Panl
pages, by the best bhunaous, eatiries. rsati
Sand s araetst writces in the Unitel A
115 States; while it. eketches n4d seqih Pate
will be sparklin, originat end pointedt. .
Wild Oute will be dr-eslas ill every Was
partietla, and an this seOennt mey be Ja
taken into tirs net families without fear
Sor easpiria, as e word or illtiration
will appear that ta offeua the meet Lea
tidism ,
' e * e for a4 Sample Copit ant
Co riases Yr.turA
S UOSCRIPTIOs PTCE: A
Ants _ne _s.....-............ . .. $*
ihiTn ltecotbie....., . 0 ...... 1, Ti
Any person ee·ding aos tsl Of Are Far
sulateritber I£4 em oes3 will erive tlr
a ri- -ss1ra et4,
- cotL¶s & eMALLr
lubliaheft, 13 Fattoa Strot, N. V.
1101 -* of
FlflD ten
TIEg WOL2f 1.
he Postage fre-.a'l w* a e epik eri aei-e.
)a !' This popular Monthly Magazine gives
more for the DAoney than any in 'the
world. For 1878, it will be greatly im
proved. It will contain One Thousand a
Pages.. Fourteen Splendid Steel Plates, u
la Twelve Colored Berlin Patterns, Twelve an
o Munmoth Colored Fashions, Nine Hun- e
man dred Wodl Cuts, Twenty-Four Pages of sc
Sfor Music. All this will be given for only
e at Two Dollarls a year, postage prepaid by an
og the publisher, or a dollar less than Mag- a
Iread azines of the dls f "l'ceterson Its to
TIRIlLLING TALE8 AND NOV- in
hues, ,, ELTIEBS t
e Ar the best a aished anywhere. All
the Iot populaur writers are employed as
ncel teo writseorigially "Peterso." In 15, ri
i itn addition to the sual quantity of short ci
tens stories. Five Original Copyright Novel
lol- etta will be given, by Mrs. Ann 8. Ste- cI
n wa phaens, Fratik Lee Benedict, Jale G. Auer is
tin Mariettsi Holley and Daisy Veantner. a
,ai MAMMOTH COLORED FASHION
iring , PlATES
ads Ahead of all others. These Iplates are
fttat eugravMl on stel. Twice the uaual size,
an,] are un-qualed for beauty. They
will be superbly colored. Also House
She bold and other receipts' in showr, every
i*thins th.g intereasting oLa i.
SUPEIIB PREMIUM tNGRAVING !
S To every person gttns wp either of
ee the following clubs for 1S75 will be sent
i-R* gratis, a copy of ocr new and splendlllid
ii fr*smezautiut for farmihg, (size 21 inches hy
r the ), .Walshihtaon' First interview with
al s- His Wife." Thiulsa Five bDollar Entra
rbn ving, and the imost desirable prennum
t)tu ever offered. Ferhrge elabR, as will be
eseen beloi, al extra copy' of Mazaztintoe
c~i1 to bea be t additod.
~ TERMS IAlws . Advane) 88.0
...b.. . 4400
superb mezzotint. ",Washiutou's First. 1
interview With His Wife,' to the per
son getting up the Club.
Address, post-paid.
CIHARLES J. PETERSON,
30G Chesnut street, Pa.
Specimens sent gratis if written
for.
THE BEST PAPER. TRY IT.
POSTAGE FREE. U
B ti utifully lustrated. And 0w i
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN now in than
its 30th year, enjoys the widest circula
tion of any weekly newspaper of thie kind
in the world. A new volume coimmences
January 4, le~75.
Its contents embrace the latest and most
I interesting infornmation pertaining to the
Industrial, Mechanical, anld cilentific Pro- We 1
gress of the World ; I) scriptions, with and N
t Beautiful Engravings, of New Inventions, shows
t New PIroess'5s, andl Improved Industries ternal
of all kinds; Useful Notes, tRecipas, Sug
estions and Advice, by Practical Writers.
fur Workmen and Emlployers in all the Hela,
various arts.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN is the E
t cheapest and best illustrated weekly pa
per ,published. Every nIumber contaitis
folm 10 to 15 original engravinigs of new
machinery and novel inventions.
ENGIAVI 'GS, illustrating Improve.
ments, Discoerities, and Important Works,
pertaining to Civil ad Mechlanica Engi
neerin g, Milling, Mining and Metallurgy;
Records of the latest progress in the Ap
plieations of Steam. Steam Engineering,
lJilways. Shilp Buiilding, Navigation.
Telegraphy, Telegraph Engineering, Elee
tricity, M:agnetism, Light and Heat.
FARMERS, Mechanics, Eugiineers,
Inventors, Mauufacturers, Chenists, Iov
i. ers of Science, Teaehers, Clergymen, Law
va yers, and People of all Professions, will
i falnd the Scins'rnIC AMEiICAN useful to
them. It should have a place in every
p- Faamily, Library, Study, office, and Count- A P(
e ing s Rol; in every Readming Room,
id College, Academy or Schooll. This
t A year'. munnlrs conlt.in 832 pags and cal
, avr.tat. ltcrwpa: ExifIAVINSII Thow
.f saends of olntus ace ltseorved io, bind
itn. g and refetrnce. The practical receipts
d are wtell wtwth ten times theentmeripltont
p' ti.e. Tetra:u :1l a yeaw y mail, sii
its elsiilnl postage. Disc. sat to ClullOs e
ims, ont seut free. May be hlid of all News
an Dekslro.
w PATENTS. hI elr,;merteuenit
lic AMt:sce, leum ars tlw & to. are
its Solictorsof Americani and For ign Patents,
its and have the largest esthlisuhment. in the
be- world eore than fifty tlhousand appideA SO
)Uo tions have been msade for patents through
their agency.
reA Patents are obfainted on the lMat tetamS ere
amre alodels of New invetry *lO anru sketches sand
is, ezamine emal adoic trie. A special irer
ae, notice is made in the Scientifie Anleiica the 1
l of all Iiiinvet Pions ateutl thlough this .tree
Agency, with the lamie asun triduleil I rire
ats thte atentee. I'atents airt often sold in Leal
urt part o wbtle, to persnm attractedl tot e its a
Ine invention by such notice. fend fot DiL s
sits Panmpllet, tll pages. las 11al full di.
ct. seetione it ob)tbainiln Patents.
t A dress for the pap~er oreoncmrning
tits Patents, SI stm & Co, 31 Park Row
e. . 1. . . Drltihome ,c . If ia' It!' 1 ts.
rry Washinton, D C.
to Jany 1t87--1.f
... JOURN L .. Os
ten? AGRICt LtL1? .1.1 Illt1IlI nor)
A Weekly for Farm, Or'-.
tral
IThe Wehkly $oat end Parmen ia kin
cnmm,didatio of the nouthlly Jouenal of
S Agricelture ini thOt Weektr Misiiuri
Ova Farmer, ;enow the greatest lealing iopu
vs. * l'arm sad )'reside apa ef tfd '
bouthwest.
It. departumelats t4mkt om nete i sht
editeu. Tie Grange l s a leading festum,
sd uthis lm department ie stway feli f ai
i. 0*n things c outrimt.e ?p Lthe amhmers poil
Sof tllhe Orde. Te ladties a·r tearld ig
throtugh thb he lme lmm vte, to their in- ace
tewet., sad maniy hints of bhousehold sell
tility snd gils sdvike can be gleaneiid an
, bhy thorn wse wish  m become ornaments yor
is their tmene ensd by their firesides. '1
All class will be instructed by reading ham
the Strnalst E Arienltnre nid Fannrmer, are
Snd so o sfamil l4ld be without it. Its yoi
MArlKET REPORTS hai
are complete, authentic and reliable, and le
the plpe is worth the suiseription price I
salone I o et its markets, fresh and relia- o
ble every week.
Send for it! Read itj Take its ad bn
gi l't vice, and it will pay you. hili
Simu- Men and women, boys and girls, old Ia
usand and young, give the Journal of Agrienul
'ltls, ture anld Farmer a trial for one year,
welve andl see if you have not made a good in
Hum.- vestment. Itis a nlarge 8 pa;ge, 48 eclmolun e
es of weekly Agricultural, Grange and Fami
onlly Newspalper, and is free from political s
id by and religions .discussions, and its chaste
Mlag- ad well writte, pages makes it a wel- to
ts come visitor in thousands of households
in the great Mississilppi Valley.
Club agents wantel, to whom liberal
terms will be given. We want agents
in every town amd village.
SAll Send for specimen copy free, and we th
l oyed ask that you send tas the names of your
S187i, friends, so ,hat we many sind them spe
short cimen copic. .
ovel- Subscription price, I2.00 per annm; H
. Ste- clals of 5 or more, $1.50 '.aCL. Postage, re
iAu 15 cenets mmst be sent with each nmam, n
atnor* as we prepay every paper sentG ont. e
110 O Address ' ii
CiE\V, CORDELL & CO.,
a s sre 310 North Sixth Street, O
Ssize . t . Louis, Mo.
WHITEWA TER WAOAt
AGSU11ING AND DEMOCIAT WAONS.i
Where we have no Agents
pm ~wwwill aI1 atlket t1O +artles
-4sllig :thszn+ ]P V n I nd
he ploaton. The Whitewatet
ostsa t.,fter orthanodt-.
I*860 nat*+W _ ut is tbe
t o st the hg un
.8. 00 -il.&~ea ze!wtl i w.thI{.p :
Wii0Tsh i A & give
Si e. +-,T VDato Omba
+++.+.:- a++ t+.++++.~rrl';t~u +.,;+.+. . + +
WE WANT AN AGENT IN
EVERY COUNTY FLI
-IN THE-
UNITED STATES! P ry
---no--- tions of
Gold Coin! $1,000.00 in Gold! er sm
- _-00. ful and
a We Challenge the World, rl
And will forfeit $1,000 to any person iwho can qiroduce a remedy which will prove Jai. 1
by actual test. a lure speedv, certain anud effectual eaure for all rains and Aches of
b hatevcr foim, eterI nRand inteisnll, acute or chronic, deep-seated or otherwise
t Dhanr. Radcliffs Great Remedy,
Seven Seals or Golden WONDER Del
- We have hanI this challenge of $1,000 promniaetlV displayyl in all our Circulars The
tit ad News.paper Advertiseieultnts, r the last four . ears, and not taken, which of int.
1W, show s the s-peridr .excellence of our Kelmuedy over all other. For External or In- sketch
csuw t ,prnal er-. )Copic
i,, It will Effect a Speedy Cure in all Cases of
he Headache, Neuralgia, Toothache, Sprains, Bruises.
he Flesh Wounds, Burns, Colic, Cramp, Cholera
Morbus, Flux, Diarrhoea, Bronchitis. Catarrh,
" coughs, colds, Inflammatory Rheuma- The
tism, Asthma, Phthisic, Ieartburn, THE
Indigestion, Summer complaint, Dlly
Pains in Side, Back or Loins, POST
Piles, Ringworm, Felons,
Sc- Stings of Insects, Bites of free.
e Venomous Serpents,
and Especially Ru
Itoll matism.
A POWERFUL REMEDY Which is taken Internally by ANY ONE.
------oo---
This celebrated medicine is beyond a danibt the greatest discovery in Medi
it: cal Science known to the wo li. Its action is at once felt I Its wonder
lO- ful Cures are' instaintaneous; in fact it literally demolishes pain.
iitatS EQUALLY GOOD FOR UMAT OP. BEAST. Dp
,-to sh
SEEMEMIER WE GUARANTEZE~i ET B DOTrL Th
No Cure, No Pay ! o
* Try it, and be Convinced. ;"
Puts, ..-a-........ 7
,Iem$ sot'URE OF HIt.PINESS TO MILLIONS OF SUFFEkItf (iIIUMANITY. Aite
Dntilg the poast f, eo oars the w ,on2etfa! cmcea of thD Gtst Bemeyl Haso fat iaL
to3s ercsleds our tiMst uln i *e exlpectations thoslands hbave beell inums, seo thets ctw
ees santis hare fti, out from actual czperlierr tlat Dr. atdclife Bmest Ieatndyl, '"1
at bvlen W "eal ortolden Woado is the Most Woinderfuli Paino l)utrUoye in Esltetee, Ire
ric . the Mt s i, :iffe an.. pinh ,weitrd Reimedy Luown i tat lr  World. Cores are atr
this ..rtaekotd stflrt nstihntly, asif tbr Ma ie. Tleassals of Cett.tl aIrt baa. bees Ne- "I
at of r"ied frurs il parts of ous tbrout lea,, stieftel snid nnanskeod for. nlaking in of tl
hd ain theafet and universal praise of this Oeat tem~dly.l from ijstereotl krouledes of on
rte its almost nitheaulou powers in eating the most obstinatB ve prot rcted eas e of teal
fao Diseases, ,oen
Idie rln - ae Wsin te
Id. 1o000 Profit hi }od rf Mouth s! d1,72 One Dollar onttles Sold ! Kis
Row U DTlISm
os ar~ottt Town, Lawrence County, Ohio.a _
hasrem. 1E ounD1y (er CO.-..-.est its: At this late IUr It will inforsI glt of thie
Arens taacelit I received from the . s of Dl. "lodclile trret Rremeda . Vc ealo s aril
Sr, atr nli at el, after briugteamontil o ml tou m f1i rl eighse yearn s wi ta omptica- a.
Sims of tdialseasli : Dylpea.l 6ti , uraehtin, l'alitatiot to the illeit, Pain is sth. lul
Neit Side, its' Gs-ieral l)iluity, fat vbin el I tried the akill of our bote a p hyn- hu.
reima, aim a .lortr of New York Cithk t r 4 two of Fittslbrlele, sid p one i ther tire
Snortbrr part of inub. Tk eiugh p ,Rtnt turditilnra to swium -eil t ano ptr.
paur. Al teugils I was inettcert to tr.y )r. m olefs l eei oeas Hals oe (a,idea Wonuiri. a i
d I t and got a i flifty caut bottle. , aoal k4i wa Kning i t ,11 t I w lmyelf alobi osse
rF' t ll  ioa bnlthy Tok he on oee its sale lag April. lone ioitlsk o ag lS ls
bret e.e Sesh or G"u o l en , , i2 tle s, mp to u 'i d1 re, A igt5 ,eth, b 87l , antl
iuC eaLo gis t 5 ori (l e ofer t i c s rl e - ar *ghe si l ( ,1 000) bttl e , ie r d en1 .u t A.00
vaea. m clntlearn, if yo think this wrd tb unin~, y ear do a as I etam gemtll
ki Wa kOn s ovcilr three c'lli s a or wof reat " c ' g " te 3. t tLcIN I
hldsf We an a lempeetfually
A ItEMEDX I(yon IlArs T131k . 02Y IT.
fO Tills GREAT RIEEDt WP r 11 iu OL' A eCT Is CtI, ENTI. r
tre, t i9s i: -The alove fill, estplilH ti erticles we viAh Se SeN. '2hi talitis '1
ll atI is honorable, and by bein elnergetic, ejili nly .on wll. It is oti desle. Cole 1k!
aens point an agent i e'very countygn ill men f tthe .iid S tates bs . Cnad, ratnt., Si
hear dg to eaclh tile exclsive right to el h e net d vottle det ia Ihe rosnt9, oLuflhd ldo el
air in- accept the agenicy for one or more eoluuie, !low eiall have thl excibeive eilhb bo
sehold sell everyv bottle sold in your connsty, a long MI yoll sotinlo ?st l 5l l a g ud gent, f5
In and all orders which we may reeive fr roal eriorj ehllI ie thrneu eVe l
mnt your account. r
mides. This Wonderfu l Remedy, Seven sc:hn to  slte Wemlt, slk Cripidl 4. tie
neliig hanids of the right ki and of men tne wr, and twe want l l. Now if yo Ln you I
ner, are the uan for the work, fotrward yonr onlrder, namin yor ounty, and go to aore In
, Its you can sell a gr~ns inl a few days, without ndoutb. We have olle an weho byls
onn aai avi~rage three gross per week, antl his tders ate increMiug taaiddly, and he an
has a snril aounty, (Perks Co., Pa.) He writes thathe epoeti s to sell omem gros
e and 1r ., at retail, e " e tu coinsen, ot eonting whet l e.l "iou n hav e teprv
ilGe af selling wlolesl or retail, or pulttig i t on eo.lnisstion with druggisto , or
* el ig yrli su-o agenits. This bnsines is wo rth the attention of good men raod men
re of caetal 8mold you m ake but reasonable wages- ay 100 per month for the
t irst three quonthe (many make nore)--you would nfvertlmeless be establishing a
a ad buenss that would pay yon largely in the end.
Agents are doing betteio wihtlh our Remed than a thing ele they ever toAok _
holdef. Why is thisl Beaucso the Ruonedy does just sa fr e say, and oar agelnts
olid can warant every bottle. No rce, no pay. Knowing that we make all iosss.i
goAs,- g one, should t s be calld on to Ideemt a bottlo agents ran o risk o.f loss. .
evey seals or Gotden Wonder is put np i $1,0, and fit50 cent bottles, elerantly
fodin isllied in neat ald appropriate wrappers and epaked in nice boxes, one dozena in
, an h larchox.
i To drnggists our seale of prieesare--Large size, $1.00 bottles, per dozen, D8.aOE
oliicl small size. h0r cent ttles, pker dozean, $4.50.
c Wate O give special terms to ouar Counlity Agents at such tgnres that threy ean sell
ael- to druggits and onltry stores at the areve pricte aild ake a handsome protit.
ueharlds We also give am
liberal oExtra Premiumn to Agents !
gets In oter tohy live, energetic men to take hold of the bsiness at once, we
have eyncluded to give free gratis to each and every agent a present of a handsoae,,
fn thbine a.
un ape- Coin Silver Bunrting Wath, Free,
Bleautifailly engraved, and correct time-keeper, wortlh $2,iLO0, and a cettilcate of
ennum; agency giving SOLEI CONTROL of ucilchlunty as the algent lisis select htot al
'otage, ready taken); aillu, furthermore, all ordlers conlin om iehu. counties as the age|nt
ii hlI, may sole.$t, *ll boAnt haskiby s to (he agentFo he *i#ld-.in fact we give sole
't control' ofsuch counties as long as the agent eontinnes iu tie bsinress. eanemmber,
ithle Premium Watch is given gai to the agenUt h. We take this plan to have our
Great Renmley quickly and thoronghly introduaeea . Let us hoe froe you at your
0, earliest eonvenlieit, and secure your coeiuty at ons, before heingl k n by some
one else. Remember, this offer is open for a short time onl,.
s A mall Capital Reqlired to R tn a Large PPai. Bmdicas.
The capital reulired is very snmal, and the profts forom it will fully equal that of
tlsonasaids of merehllnts who have invested a large capita in theit bueiuess. Hunt
dreds in all parts of the country are making fro $i1500 TO $5,00(0 A TEAR.
(10 And hundrs uore will date their success Iri accepting our libersl offer at this
time. Any one willing to work for success can force it, hut those who believe, ut
it eau he Lad from idLeness are not the kin.d of inea we want to push our busiuess.
, We want
A LI VE, ENERGEVI AOGENT. i
As one mclh is wortll a dozen wlhoe expect a business to push itelf. We have spent
in piushing ourbnidaes ONE IUND)RED THOUSAND DOLLABS. -
It las paid us todo it, and it pays our agenus - it advreelses it Ihouronghly iu
every state, County and Townshiip'ju the United States-met only for us, but fair
the Agent. l?#miesber, this is a life bushtiesand that ever year it grows larger
and iltrger.
We will mud to parties umtemplating to act as our Agents a SAMPLE DOZEN
BOTTILES .nerel lmeaked with our difterent Poaters, Bills, 81ho Cards, Terms, ele.,
AjpjUPON THE RECEIPT OF $2.50. ,And all ending *J..50 for Sample Dozen, we
•will mnd free of charge. 8smples of our Eight Elegant 'hr-moa, entitled:
Good Mornbin g! Good Night! Feeding ts Chkickeu! i Mothler's Grae ! Oat
-of thel riwg Pan ! Pep I ead.sg the Bible I *etrt LIsonu !
nap. f you want your connty, let his kllow 1s seot as eouveniet, as the territory may
bat e tkLtea We would be pleaed to have parties who eelttemplate taking au ageus
oei- cy, to bend for Samphl Piimge of this wonderful Beumsdy before egllaging Iarg.;ly
a t Is the bnsiness.
n. - REBEMMER, WEIe GUARANITE EVRY BOTTLE.
'1O CLTRRL 1 #O PNo
kCO. With tlmeseduinggeions we leave thie matterwith you. We do not wisbhyou to
Nit enaig uugst you waillt ofow the business-as a busilnes, and really desire to antke
lnoney. We want none but hopesr, copescietieus iuen. To such we will guarantee
"il sCCe s. MWhz'sssIl eemumasieaitieuf toCO
1.- .Please site inwhat paper you 8w this ov~tiem5emt&t
VICikk FM
FLORAL GUIDE It C
V'or 1876. their tute
It is al
mteasures
PUBLISIED QUIARTERLY. JANUIA- It is th
ry Number just issued, and contains tres that i
over 100 tPages, ,1l0i Engraving, tcaCrip- ex Selne+
tions of more than cI t) of our best Fliw- its editL
era and I'eletables, with directlons for cul- ceial purpo
ture, Colored Plate, etc. The tmost use- governu
ful and elegant work of the kind in the in langual
world. Only 215 cents for the year.. Pub- derstan: d
I lished in English and (lerllan. ers thd
Address, JAMES VICkt, general a
e Ju. 1G-1y. lRochester, N. Y. Its thi
of niew.s ad
ALL PAPERS QUOTE FiO r! er from ta
correspon
THE Its agri
; Detroit 'ree Press.arcit
- iMlimiiuent
Irs The liveliest of family newspapers, full clcnilate
lh of inlltresting news, literature, hulnorous terests.
[n- sketches, spicy paIrurarph, etc. Sanmple (ne t
Copies free. Subscription $2 00 a year, more sll
postipaid. Address than ann
DETROIT FREE: PRESS. ed l.terat
*. Detroit, Micl. th. e kne
edge.
NEW YORK TRIBUNE I .!co""I
The Leading Ameicean ewspnaper. l;ek'1 'j1
THE BEST ADVERTIS?'O MEDIUM. In en
Daily, $10.00 a year; Semi-Weekly, olIan iA
$3.00; Weekly, $2.00 ecl and t
POSTAGE FREE TO TIIE SUBSCI- chant an
BER. stock de:
macn of r
Specimen copies and advertising rates Its tet
free. Weekly, in etltbs of 30 or more, per can
only $1.00, postage paid. Address and quo
TIHE TRIBUNE, excelled
New York. Try it
every $2
ARTIUR'S ILLUSTRATED
ai. HOME MAGAZINE
FOR 1876. CU
lriglhs, eteerulsst4 1e$si**, itarse a j)
tuo tle a4vanleiig rl uhilt of the timeu.
The tomlae 1 agazife taks ea:lt it te 0s O
leatnlg s Udsarlt inlllelilin tial p iellal
of the ds . It is iths eil4 of t:m pe
e sn tuAtrute christisan soralit?. What
e'es is niurtift it conideanl eithbut
d". tram f*f o, andJ sake itself fClt is the
home of the eople s s powes fute Ge1t. G s
The Great Hlouswhold ltagaiine of Ind
TY. Anaerica, is unre tlhragtilily identified ea
sitb the peolle in their boh e asd seo. e
s ft cia lile than arty otbher rieodisl in the a
aedy, n 'M~ras Nnrman; hicr wiok tL ea rt
1ee toward.?' A mew serial story by T. 8
I re ttbnt will be conastenlled ii jausry.
a 1*- "'FWTi T"EALS A(GO; of the ealin ,
a in of the West," by itsedlla Rie. 1~e an- .14
e of oalncs this new series of artickles with 0SD1
we of ~jeal ensuse. kowing as we do that it
wille he onafg the mnst attractive that
we shalt sifter ea tesdets ' ta t ir-. l. A
S Min Ai ce, iweides bhllieg the Ipe ofa tra
S reatdy writer Ihas ine het peasssolnl A large! bs. a
amount of origin r l matttrial fr(l whiteb i s.
to draw, and a wi?!o aiquaiitta*nc with
" p ole whose personal rrcninierae0sW are
fthe rich Iwtith iouceitit Uts tUI esped- YrsJ
plie- elosae fr thl e r'tmlep," a series .t ad- `I
a " nltal tug.tie arttdese,4 bunsee and rwae
hbyW how to saike thea plaurt and sttrae- e
ti tIh tive, tby trs E. B. liufe. ..
r. *Th titory ul|,rt?." This eparhtment
'ewill be unsn.ally rirh. l'eidt's ast f
birnoame of ;hort Lbtorie, t we ortre dTi As
4 and seri:al will t. aiven during the liear.
,,I "1Pipaisiwiy" Petit the inimitabler &- . 2s.
aesst tautciret tune life stl etaradctr, yilt
r all ave o st',le is every noumrlw.
Bautftaick'* aewett ptteruo lot rla,ti
sad rchiailetuils ,tictke ore givet by ape-H
aisi er'IIIImnt evr  o utth. srao
the ttothumst t)parlauetit will be arne- (
Ally edited d hoave unggestiv articles
T. IeIaUt tMeit 'ei laes e~q'rieuced wri
ilss Time folleeelrtd' ,TartnmeCi willbs
bj. fidalllnt wratical, d centaim Ilany col
Irnts tributions too eee.sp rd taee
S Them ioni inl I at*' stJ hen .errulp- ti
tgent, t*f Readet," two lirge anld splendid pre
ious uminum enrarai'ng One of them tis ent
free Op ete7y ubcrimeri. 0
im tie 50 a year it the price ofARTIIUR'S
k you ILLUSTUATED HOME MAGAZINE.
r wo;In clllbs; 3 copie, for $6; 6 and one ex
buys Ira to the getter up of the club $12. 10
aud ho and oie extra $)21. 11 15 cents must A
gro heI added to each subalscription for pre
piv- paylentit of postage for the year. Spe
stn. or cmien numbers 15 cents, in currency or
p me r postage stuasae.
for the T. S. ARTHUR & 80N,
hiug a Lhiladelphiia, Pa.
i. WILLIAMS' MOWER A REAPER -
gd dmntly raor
Izenin,. I
, O se.m0 . soMl
110, We 1le'
Icate of b
1ZP .mO aJI CO.,
ji$inr, %tate gatiia a., h s.
y me YERY FARMER HIS OWN ILLEL
CHALLENGE FEED MILLS
tat ofl Combinlet
Y, 1 SELLER AID BR11NDEN
att thia m sm )
, suines. rWaheastl .
ye spent Osage Cown an4 Cob Vill. a
e ..p-- -l-n sal Puissmes a
uglly in SiMPLn , B .I , t. CO.,
vs larger Ub- biuaes IStmena
DOZEN g . MsYg kage es. BSY. LOUiS
runs, tli,
bouu we - J
:d: *1H DUBOIS PATENT
r l Oit ( plMns-n)
- per the see.f.
isat.. Nare Qla.. LT. aLOl,.
WHY YOL :Ij't.l0 T.\iE
THE CINCINNATI ENQUIRER,
It i4 the 'eoplle' a rapc,. '.a-trl t,
their Ilteretst anod welrut..
It is a rn impuartial frit: , t, ail i.1  ',1
mteasures that benefit the c.,uttry.
It is the elxnemy of all tea and mulas
ures that seek only pers"tual gain at the
eXpetnl'e Oif the c(,llint.rya w'elftre.
Its editorial colitlnlºs aire for the tesp.
eid purpose of exposing the frutlýt ,t
governmetllt Hotilid. and law"n cueohyl
in language calculated to dteteive the uil.
derstamdiludg; 'Ind wnake plain to its rear
.ras thll mititives, caus :and et'ceti of
gener.l and special legislative acts.
Its tite.i columns containi the lattt
ineW and intelligence that can be oblai0.
ed fromI the ftidt qluarters of the Kglol
by means of the telegraph, mails aI
corresplondence.
Its agricu!tutral colutins. are the hmot
adapted to the want. s of farmlers, all l
whom are invited to give their exlrei.
cite and results of tnew ideas and el
pnlinienuts of all kinds of improveeu:ot
enlculated to advanace the failliihng 1
terests.
(ne Is!ie of the Eniqnirer cantaimi
amore solid Iflt 7rltionl :and iltelligee,
than aaln lie ifat! from fifty of the so cal
ed literary paly.er. None canl lay: asi
the Enquirer withbttt admitrinilg a vala
able aIdditlon to his tiat hrl stock ofknoea
edge.
Its market reports have for yea s
acknowledgel as the most cofikete# a
reli:ile ipublished, and of groat valut ii
Stock Dealers, Producers antd Tra-el:
i. rtact generally.
It litai deplIstmIleit anid reldiing for tit
old and the voting. 'r the fatimiljy ii-,
ele and the couutkng hounse-For the aet
[- chant and mechanic--For the famer and
stock dealer, and for ladies and geltke
men of every calling and station i life
' Its terms are low as any first class
per canli be printed for, nad tlhe qtiliti
and quittity of rending mtiltter usell an
excelled by anly other paper.
Try it flt this year. A Chromo fad
- every $2.00 Subscrilber. Send yotr sah.
ecriptiou direct to tile ofice.
R. R. R.
RADWAY'S READY REIEF
lcuEa TME WorSr A&iliS
tIefn One to Twenty MlIui*rg
.geT bum NOUl
i eigrilit gtibtl4trt.=I°m'itnt alp reti
e CFFIl WITS &15.
r-totits tsý. W :1 IT ctng rd
It w 0hi are' a: is'
botilýOilY Pssta stme.*
At. miit ltl y ptllelllt mostPelmriinitig pi1r:, :ý.%r.
iLng4, mat*, a (ul i ui a.e t wm,1 ., it
o s fr o n en t tMtRS tat.%!tr?3;
.ll0on o1 , C t'rllli F&At311
it am ltox o tIg llr t ernhdlu t in s
LLMMSULti , lees. IIwll. rirmple l. eqwI
ht melgic, l r rau with ,lhS ma tIIS
iM. I lblrtO4 S ItIE ¥ & 154
ItU Wi tt eltt c1us 4l. t
ill' plic 04n Ytofl tie (Pi E otaRll .
iti 3 li53 .,,133 oAp lvrwri.to naii0Tl .
l IL i e hAl atl (1 A Y llh w
EA tHt , BILArvAtT~I o i .
ARt tAi c RCI AD W PA Y'
i ' i TH id T rUli Y 1O4E1
'IllS T taiT tlal .
ad water llUl/ti Irleltt ln .t1,is fr bLsL.,
ltt ait-rl n e tysi wlLorfi ta 1illl I.
atvom bidl tisehaaf ·ln- alt
howei, atdL l um 1r ".S lflits
Elllu n cerlluY.* i'.
2.K- . Ult Ci btle.oe ctpe
~ldLAict ll, sler P is , !_II
ow edl l, asitek as lgisll&% lillllllll Elf
DR. RADWAY'S
'* THE liEAT BLOOD PVUI i t.b
O. IlilS TRULY WONIPIFUlW
1' A PatA! tti iI
ut r ouse YoSal h
drplr li ofa ls ooRJJd'- ISi
I'earis. of
·ukU i aid ¶615f4
ss Dd p'.i l res mpi
cessaraldlth walea . W, s .ml -i
iS 3olbi lut f i
hsseru wltirs.irlit ¶.4-- , is4lrn._
fDa4dtUud hlsltlltp P D iprnwlsSL.aL,
6' .Ua ..imd kW IIPo
I UbUI6
n'**. 3NV4ro u33 oisA~u~nrrt~~ ltC!!.hj'
hIST·hID·l M ii~ihA
gbue~fW 13 Si.uih U.S. auIr g
na~rs1~rlbU5lsr