Po;itical Notes.
The political 'field at the present
morment presen'ts on the surface very
lit: of interest aside from the efiects
of tile recent decision in the Grant
palisla case. 'That has undoubtedly
prhiduced a very ondeleri'ul meffcct
nnong the Radical state makers.
Prior to that decision Boss Packard
certainly had tihe call asthe probable
candidate for Govornor. The names
ranged in the following order: Pack
tl, Warmoth, Anderson, Ray, Lude
liu, with some talk of E. North Cul
loni. The ticket which it was thought
wonhl be put through was Packard
sad Beckwith. But as we have be
fore said, Packard was Boss only be
ouse United States troops were at
bis beck and call to do his bidding.
This was prior to the recent decission
of the United States Supreme Cort.'
Without troops Packard, in the eyes
of the faithful, is not much. War
nuoth seems now to have the call,
with Returning Board Tom Anderson
running him very close. Kellogg is
nowhere. He gives out the idea that
he is no candidate for arenomination.
Tihe runmored investigation into
Castomnhouse matters here does not
induce the happiest feeling among
the worthies in that national house of
refuge. Packard says he knows noth
ing of it. But we think we can safe
ly promise him, and not only him,
but his confreres, Jim Casey and Beck
withi, that before long they will each
anld :ill of them find themselves and
itiei' actlons in their departments the
slbject of very interesting inquiry.
We wonder how Casey and Packard
-and Beekuith would enjoy the whole
truth being brought out, in the cotton,
whisky and sugar cases here. Not
muelh!
Among the Conservatives matters
continue very, very quiet. Scarce a
ripple disturbs the even current of
events. Not that there is nothing
being done. Very far from that. Or
ganizLation, thorough, complete organ
ization, is quietly going on all the
time-orgalization for complete vic
tory. Candidates are not talked of
:or nmuch thought about. The fight is
between the honest masses and the
thieves. The issue demands true
nien.--N. O. Democrat.
A Great National Work.
The Centennial tistory of the United
Statesjfronm the discoreraj of the Amer.
icoan tfintinecnt to tile close of tle First
enitury of AmlCriuca Independence.
R jalhcs D1)e.McCabe, Author of"A
Manual of General History," "TIre
(treat Republic," Etc., Etc.
There has long been a great and uni
vetrally-felt want of a history of the
Unitcd States suitable for general use.
This want is now being supplied by The
National Publishing Co., of St. Louis
Who have issued a handsome volume,
styled "The Centennial History of the
United States," by James D. McCabe,
a well-known historical writer. This
work will, undoubtedly, take rank as
the Standard history of the United
States. It is no dry umass of details-no
bonmbastic etrort to inflame the national
pride, but is a clear, vivid and brilliant
marrative of the events of oulr history,
from the discovery of the American Coln
tinent dlown to the prew:smt time. It
traces the evidences of that mysterious
ra.re, the Lirst occupants of our country,
snd gives a mrost iuteresting account ot
tihe Indians of North Ammerica, from the
time of the comning of tihe white men.
'ho voy;age~i of Conlumnus, the ,exilora
;tiolls of thle diffren t nations of Europe
'nd the final occnpation and conquest of
the a;ul by England, are told with
g~rph; power.
very step of our colonial history is
'traced with pati(ent fidelity, and the
sunrces of these noble. and Wec trlust, en
during institutions which have made our
country cree and great, are shown with
remarlkable clearness. The causes of onr
great struggle for Independence are told
'with ai logical force and ability tlnsur
paied in any work of the day. Then
follows a clear and succint account of
thejformation of the Federal Constitmf
tion; the establisment of the Union;
'the coarse df affairs until the breaking
'ot of the Second War with England;
soda fiull and comprehlensive account of
that War snil:its results. The events of
our career from the close of that contest
o the commencement of the Civil War,
'fdlk~w i their order The history of the
Civil war is related with intense vigor,
Sad ~iith a strict tidelity to truth. The
author plenads the cause of no party or
Section. He states facts, points out the
lesmu whick they teach, and appealing
to meither passion nor political feeling,
trust to the gooil sense of his country
'me. to snstaij his views. Tihe book
'htasai it Appendix, giving an acconnt
V" the approaching Centennial Exhibi
It is comprised in one large, handsome
otetirb voluhe 'of 925 pages, and con
taks 442 fine engravings on steel and
wood of historical personages and scenes.
'hep rice is so low that all can afford to
Nilueae a copr, and each ensubscriber is
!Nhmted with a superb lithographic en
t-llg iof the Centennial Exhibition
kWldiuga and Gronnds. It is sold by
lhaaription only, and the publishers
Wit agents irr every coauty.
MARK ET QUOTA'TIONS.
( S(t shoild be remeabomred our quota
S re for round lots, at retail, higher
`` iIes will have to be paid.)
Weeklyeekl y yCarver A Taylor.
... - ~ ............................. 9 l o
. . dry.................... ....... 10 -
green...................... ...... a 7
¢g. _t1.-The marke les in good supply,
i 5 des are quoted a li shoulders at 191;
--Ibacon at Is1).
aL i good supply with fair demmnd.
Met. a XX att $7 ; low XXX 1505715 and
" ý I tC 8 00; Choice XXX at $9 00
OI-- arce and quoted at $26.
4!1 -.-In fair supply, demand fair. RPm~
l18; per ya No India in market.
.M-In ligt supply with good demand. In
dehranit sply and demaitf limrlt
e-  md atre cnoted as 18e.
l i.-u good samply. Liverpool coari e ell!
YWJ!srack. Fine i5aic higher.
SWiL.---Noue but rye in market wiicn
s It aSp Wbrbuabie.
T- ts-The market i le good supply,
'adare sellinglat 4plai'Pr'p I ber
*" a esss..&- roe. Cibise Loutar is be=
Si |Id adt 17; per galloa.
~U l Is-l in good supply aid is betet a
- gallan.
* Supply good. Good ptein' i0
S 65ea. and se bright at at pet pouned
The supply is limited sad demand
-{. Prlme at `3a 5.
darelina in market. Louisiana is
.at tO. per pound.
sea'roe, but no demand.
E!--tra olive bar 0oe.
Lenislaaa prime is quoted at ;- yel
`I ld a llte; euashed and pewdered
W"- W ita aud bed are held at 1 50
i Bharboa oemaMais p 50per gas
isoeapOlast whLfahdemand eand
s.P , siikbsek shobt at$.
ppliy t large ai I. he
-deleriu
-ate -~ta
fa r.@ a . 53
$sraEM, N~tW. La.
J. L .iEQUtLOULW,
Cornir FRONT A\D CIIURCHI Streets,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
JUST RECEIVED a fine and Stylish
stock of
FRENCH and ENGLISH
DRY-GOODS,
which he is iotiering at very low prices in
order to openlc a good thll trade, to wit :
LINSEYS,
FL.A1N'ELS,
JLL
COLONS
.NDI
81.I DES, C
POPLIaS,
WHITE GOODS OFALL KIN)D,
MOURNING
GOODS,
BL EA CITED
AND I
131W IVW
COTTONS. I
BLACKand COL'D ALPACAS,
HOSIERY
AND
GLO IES,
Complete Assortment of
GENTI' FURNISHING GOODS,
ARTIFICIAL FLOWERS, r
WHIIITE (
AND
GRAY
BLANKETS,
ShA 1VLS
AND
SCAR FS,
TO IELS AND
NAPKINS.
Full assortment of SHOES, HATS
and CLOTHING.
In fact all goods that crill be called l
for in a Dry Goods store. a
March 23, It6.-ty.
C11F\S A1D JIAPAI PE1S,
The introduction of these crops I hrough
out the south will enralrh, us to keepl our
stock and till our sltloke-houses as cheap
ly as it can be done at the West. The
Chuit is plhanted in a ridge like po.
to toies, .yields on commiiion land 200
b'"shels per acre of t hie richest feed, uine
qualeil for ilttening hogs, poltry-anid
children. Ole acre will fatten more hogs
than ten acres of tihe best corn, besides
furnishing grazing all summeln r. For the
truth of these claims we refe'r to U. S.
Colnmmissioner of Agriculture, Washing- t
ton, or to any agrieultulral paper in the
South. Price, by mail, postaige paid, 20c
a package, 40c a pint, 76lc a quart by ex
press $4 a peck, $15 a bushel.
The Japail Pea fully established its
lmerits several years ago, and is now in F
universal detlnlau. It grows uplright
like a cotton stalk, is cultivated like I
corn, and yields from 150 to 30 bushels
in acre on ordinary land. Stock of all
kinlds relish it and thrive highly onil it
withlout other feed. Also excellent for
tale use (after boiling about a week.)
Price rby mail, postlage aid, 15e a pack
age, 30c a int, a quart. By express,
$1 per peck, $10O per bushel. Theseseeds
are so scarce and costly that we cannot
make any discount to wholesale dealers
or granges.
Whenl Southern planters grow their
own stork-fredl and fatten their own hogs
we shall Ihear lnol mole of hard timnes and
"lmirlhllelnmenr" lir this will pit an elnll
to loth. If you fear to invest lrirgely it
will cot blut a trille to try these needs,l,
anld unless yomr experilece ditlers fromt
all others, you will be forever thanlkful
for tihe trial, Address,
A. F. WITE & CO.,
April 1-nt. N1ashville, Teinn.
THE
WEEKLY DEMOCRAT
The New Orleans Weekly Democrat is
a landlsome eight page-forty eight col
umn newsl)alT:i printed in clear type,
and is filled with
EDITORIALS AND SELECTED ARTICLES
upon all the topics of the day. It con
tains the news from all portions of the
world, up to the honr of going to press.
Its Washington specials and general in
telligence being especially fuill and reli
able It contains full Com mercirl, Ma
rine and River news and rep, rts, prepar
ed by experienced and competent editors
and reporters. Its
AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT.
will be found valuable and interesting
to farmers and planters.
AS A FAMILY PAPER
It has no superior in the South-its Li
terary Department embracing poetry,
romance, religion, sentiment and humor.
TiE IXLU8IO OF TlE DEMOCRAT
Is the redemption of Louisiana from the
thaldom of Radicalism, and the restora
tio n in its borders of honest Government
--the supremacy of the
CIVLIZAIiox 01 THE NLYETEEN CEYTURY.
-IT 18 A
SOUTHERN PAPER
In every sence of the word, and itt aim
will boteo ep~euent Nouthern vieW~; feel
ings and opinions.
Its already extensive and still riiadly
iticreasing circulation in Louisiana, rex
ad, Mississippi, Alabama and Arkansas
renders it, withioit question,
A First-Class Adrertising lied't'm,
and as such we commend it to the public.
'Terms of Weely Democrat:
(in advance.)
One Copy, one year.............. -3 00
'en Coipies, one year, one P. O .... 25 00
Twenty Copies, one year, one P. 0. 4500
i Fifty tlCopies, one year, one P. O.... 14000
WM. WOELPER & CO.,
April 8-t, Proprietors.
- Davtris sb 7acTezi*
DISTILLERS.
SCIOLE PROPRIETikS of the (elebrlted
7 GLENWOOD WHISKEY. Thebse jood
I are warranted strictly a pare SoUi MASH
WmISKEY, made on the old plan of Distilla
sIie a ad plrtlealarly reeommended for ME
DICIJAlk cWRPoSES. Orders Solleited aid
rleutl~tl tle from Wsrrrslel e
No. 2! MAIN 8TREiET,.
i OU lWt.ILs B KENTUCICIY.
Apr414-tgak
I( r I'ayl o ,
IFRo()NT S'I'REET,
Natchitboches, La.
For the FALL and WIN
TER Tirade.
NETW GOO)I)S !
New Goods ! !
rLHE entilre stock is better and more
1 select than any everly hilntoutillcil inlto
this market, and haviihlg been lirhliaisel
with CASII, can ll sol lodter thaln the
hoenit.
The Motto of the Firm is toa sell
CIIEAPEIR TIHAN TIIE CIIEAPEST.
7 Call and exaiiinine our stock, which
consists in part (of
CASSIMERIS,
JEANS,
TWEEDIS,
KERSEYS,
PRIN I'S,
BROWN & BLEAC HED COTTONS,
LOWELLS
LADIES' DRESS GOODS,
TRIMMINGS,
1lLAxigETS,
Wfhooleu Goods of all kinds.
BOOTS,
SHOES,
LADIES' and GENT'S. HI.TS.
Clothing, a full and Complete Assort.
ment.
Crockery, Hollow & Wil
low Ware.
A full line of FANCY and FAMILY
GROCERIES, WINES, LIQUORS, &C.
Books, Stationary, &e., &c.
In fact
A i liESIT and sRelect stock of goodl always
on hand, which having been pulrcllaseld on
a cash iasis einables us to otrer extraL inlidUc"
ncents to cash hllyvers.
liighest ash pl'ice paid fur cotton and other
produce, and lilberal adtvarlcis mlade in cash
or nmerchanndise on .ononsigilmtent.
Mliarih 3-l v.
MARTIN & SMITH,
-STEA M
SAW MILL,
Six miles south of the city of Natchitoches
PRICE:
At the mill, per M. ......$3.00 to 510.00
Delivered in town, per M.,..........14.00
hE ''TAKE pleasure in informing the
V V puhlic that w r a lrc',:pared to take
CONTRACTS to build cahina. 'lnrnishing
tlleretior, luniher, material atl hlabor, at
very low rates.
BOX COTTAGE,
with gallery. 14x18 feet, complete, shin.
gled roof, pot up for $125.00
BOX COTTAGE, 12x15i feet, with gal
lery, comlphlte, put up for $100t.
Planters and others will tind it to their
interest to give us a call.
Orders left at this oltice or with Louis
Dl)uhlcix, will icwet with prompt :atten
tion.
r" Orders left with Mr. E. Smith, at
Willis Holmes' will meet with prompt
attention. si.
MARTIN & SMITiH.dT
April 10- ly.
I3outrdinig house
(Corner FR:ONT and TOILI E Streets.)
NATCIIITOCIIEs, LA.
TERMS: Only One Dollar and a half
per day.
HIlAVING le:sed the NARCISAE PRU
D| I)IIOMME building, and furnished
it with new and elegant Furniture. I
am p1repared to acconmmodate boarders,
both, trauisient and permanent, and si)p
ply them with all the dielicaies the coun
try aflrds. L. H. BURDICK,
April 1-ly. Proprietor.
-I FALER IN
FAMILY GROCERIES.
Special inducements to CAsu Cnstemners
SECOND STREET,
Natchitoches, La.
March 25-ly.
NAZIZTOCRSHP
HIGH SCHOOL
-00-
'PHE bnilding is completed and will he
1 opeled for the reception of pupils, on
MONDAY, 3d day of APRIL next.
Classeset t~e of three grades.
e1st Elementary Spelling, Reading, Wri
ting and first rules of Arithletic.
2nd Same continued, with History, Ge
ography, Oral Arithmetic, use of
Globes, English Grammar, Rhetoric,
Exercises in Elocution and Composi
tion
3rd Higher or University Arithmetic
advaiced Mathematics, Natural and
Moral Philosophy, and the Ancient
Languages. (Latin and Greek.)
* TERMS:
Tnition, for First Class, per month $3.00
" " ktoud " " 4.00
" " Third " " " 5.00
(Payable monthly.)
Board can be had in the city with
private families, for fronm $10 to 512 per
month.
W. C. JACK,
March 25-tf. Principal.
T. DAmNET,
-DEALER IN
DR Y GOODS,
GROCERIES,
BARDWA*E,
and GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
8t Bargains to CASH Customers.
JEFFERSON STREET.
March 25--1y.
. A full supply of Job material jusY re
ceived, and prninu g of all deecriptiod
executed with neatness and dispatch at
this office.
Jamnnew Gazulum,
orner Jettetheom'd Amulet SLeets.
-dealer in
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
IA4DWAIE,
AND GCEEA'At ERCHANPISE.
r ' Brgarins offered to CASH Customers. 4
kab 3-JI.
.JOIN ALCOTT.
IA -IAS L, Texas.
Tr,,veling Agent for 1'
A. SiMNER& CO., St,. Louis.
WE INVITE cor
respondenmce fro in
lany onle needintg a
PIANO or ORGAN.
:and think we can ll
-o if r inducements 01
not to be equraled. Sattisfction guaran ll
teed. Ii
There is no nsurer sign of civilization t1
and reflinement in a household tluhan a
PIANO AND ORCAN, f
cheaper for cash thaln ever offered before l
or stt Ietter figures on long timalt and easy a1
installments to suit purchasers. to
TIhere is no necessity longer waiting to or
:se'ure :l thist class PIANO or ORGAN if II
t, nteied a satisfahctorv instrument and ai
ha\ve lot full means it' i olalll , write
us for ceataloge and terms. The well nI
known house of A. SUMNERl & CO., St. ti
Louis. will guarantee to sell better in- pI
strinunts at lower figllres than any oth- o
er Lhose North or South, haviugeolnnand a
of iltumetse capital and years of experi- m
ence in the PIANO husiness, Initg ex- A
tensively on a clsh al, sis, can sell lower a
than any competing house.
Correspondence of close buyers solici- m
ted.H
Most liberal terms otlfre l to Churches Ji
Lodges, Granges s:tl Teachers. ct
tl
Attention Planters.
THE TRADE ElTGiE.
71TT 11' shell of Boier in one0 SoI.IEm
i1 Ypieco of wrought iron and double
rivited. t
Prices in New Orleans.
4 horse power..................$10000 00
S" ..............x ,00 U a0
8 " " ................. 00() 00 !t
10 ; " ........... .....$101) 00
Send for circular.
t
L. DUDLEY COLEMAN & BRO.,
Mann facturers of
FLOUR MILLS.
Corn Mills Saw Mills, Mill Furanisings,
.Ceiring, and Cotton Presses,
dealers In
Steam Enginaes, Colton. Oins, Cotton
Gin Feeders and (ioencral Machinery,
No. 12 UNION Street, New Orfiams, La
Dee. I8--2m.
She Weekly San.
1876, NEW YORK. 1876.
Eighteen Ihundred and seventy.six is
the Centennial year. It is also tile year
in whlich an Opposition House of Reipre
sentatives, the lirst since tie war, will
be in power at Wahlington; and the
vear of the twenty-t-hird election of a
President of the Unifed States. All of
these events ,are sure to be of great in
tercst and imlportanle, especially thle two
latter; and all of them andl everything
connected withll them will Io fully and
freshly reported and expoanded in The
SUN.
The Opposition House of Representa
tives, taking up tlhe line of inquiry open
ed years ago by Tile Su, will stenly
and diligently investigate the corrup
tions atnd misdeeds of Orant's adminie
tration; and will, it is to be hoped, lay
the foundationl for c new and better pe
riod in our na:tional history. Of all this
TunE SUN will contain complete and ac
curate aconnils, frrtishing its readers
with early and trmistwortlih' hIforfdlation
upon thoese absorbing topic,.
The twenty third Presidentihl election,
with the preparationmls for it, w'ill be me
mnorablle as deciding lupon Grmant's aspli
rations for a third term of ipower and
plunmder, and still more as dciding who
shall be the candidate, of the party of
Reform, and as electing that candidate.
Ooudcerning all these subjects, those who
read T in Sxu will have the constant
nmeans of being tlhoroughly well infiormedl
SThe WEEKLY SuN, which has attained
a circulation of over eighty tllousand
copies, already has its readUers in every
8tate and Territory, and we trust that
the year 1876 will see their numbers
donlded. It will continue to be a thor
our gh noespalper. All the general news
of the day will be found in it, condensed
when umimlportant, at full lenIgth when
of moment; and always, we trest, treat
ed in a clear, interesting and instructive
manner.
It is our aim to make tlhe W]F:-mrY SUN
the btdi family. newspaper in theo world,
and we shall contiline to give in its col
umup a large amlount of miscullhineous
r~adin, such as storie, tales, poems
seientific intelligenieo andagrimtlturai
informatiht, for which: we are not aile
to iake' heomn in our daily edition. The
agricultural deparkment especiallv is one
o its pronineut features Tihe fashions
are also regularly reported in its col
umn.; and so are the markets of every
kind.
The Weekly 8Sun, eight pages ith
fifty-six broad cokmmls only $1.20 a
year, postage prepaid. As this price
barely repays the cost of the paper, no
discount can be made firom this rate to
elubs, agents, postmasters, or any one.
The Daily Sun, a large four-page nes
paper of twentY-eight cohariias, gives all
the Ilews for two cehi: a copy. Sub.
sc riptioff, postaige prepail, 5Sc. a month,
or .0j a year. Sunday editietb, ex1ra
$P.l per year. We hiVrte no' travelihg
fagdM TE.B , New York City.
SAptild 1.-tf
bSubscribe to your home paper,.
Price reduced to $2 a year.
Art T:' t( !
rFrsliflos fir 1Sim-Eighth Iear
T"IE AlRT .1; ) ITN,\I OF AMERICIC'A,
ISS'TUED MOVTIIL i:
"A Magnificent Concelption, qonderfrlly
carried out."''
'Thell necessity of a popular trnldinan for
the representation of the prolllctions of e
olur gretat alrtists, has always brer rleccg.
Ilized, anld ma111in1 attemlpts hailtve i'eei
turtde to tseet the want. Th' si1ce,1sive
ftailulires which so invaribly tollowed e. h
:ttenlpt in this country to esti i,:lish!:U u
art jorn ral, did rnot prove the itndlitir
nlce oIf the people of Alerica: to tithe
claims of high art. So sonri as ai prolper l
aplpreciationl of the want al ndt a bilityv
to meet it werel shownl, tllhe public at
oncte rallied with ,uithltsiasmu to its sop
iprt. and the result was a great arltistic
a1n elmnt'reiatl t riuilllph-Tf'E.A l)LN E.
TilE ALIINE, while issued with niall thei
regularity. has none of the enimprary or
tiIImely interest. c'haracteristie of ordlin:tlry v
pert dieals. It is an elegailt nliselhany
of purr', light atnd graeeflil literattre; and
a collection of pictures, tihe rarest speci
mens of artistic skill, ill black antd whit,.
Although ench sel.e'lirig inumrtl allbrds 1
a fresh pleastlro to its friends, tlhe ri'al
vahlte at-d heInly of the Au.INsK will he
iost. :plrt'eciated after it Itds reent hrnlrd
tpll at till' liise' of the year. While other
journals ilav elaiia superior che:pness, a:
'cotpared liwith r .rals of a similar class,
thei AIixNE is a tnlique liand origial con-i -
crption--alotie aull llnltiilr utoachedi-also
llutely without comwpetition in price or I
chllr:iclte. Thle lpossessor of a collllete
volumle rinnat duplllicate tile qantuittlt of
filne' ill'paper t111lid1r o lingsll5.5 i ll any other
shape or number of|volnmes taor ten times 1
its cost ; and then, there is thll ChroEIr
liesid'es !
Natirnal fe:\tnre of T'IIE ALDINE
must ie taken itn no narrow senset. Trli' I
art is coSlnlOpolitan. While T'IHllE AL
I)INE is a strictly Amerie:rtl institution,
it do'es not conlltil itself entirely to ithe
reprodlction f (I:nttlle art. Its mission ,
is to cult:Vate a lbrid l :alnd apprl'ciativu i
art t:iste, one that will dlis.tcriiiiatel only
on groutlls of inhtrinsic lmerit. 'Thlls,
while phleing h,,lre fire, patrnnits of TI'11
AI.1)1XE. as a hle: ading chrnieleriti', fire I
proru'lcltiorns of tile nutist lioted Almerican
artists, attlentionl will rlways hie givetn to
sp'cil'4ns fromll fitrign masters, giving
shsefthers al ll ihe pleasnlre a4al1 inllt rte'
tion i;hlthinable fronm hone or fErteign
Still re4s.
TheI artistic illustration of Atneritcl
se1nerv, originald with T'IHllE ALDIE, is
an important fieatlre, and its ltmanilicelt
plates are of a size Ittore appropri;)ter to
thl satisfactorV treattmlt'lll of deitails
thn ta1n be afforded by anly inlti'rior
page. The jndieions interspelrsion of
landsaepe, ruat'iue, tigure, and nimnal
sullhje,2c., sftisait all IliliIthated interest.
imlpossible, where, the scope of the work
confines tile artist too closely to a silngle
style of suijeet. The literature of TilEl:
ALDINE is a light rld gracful aceon
paniment, worthy of the artistic feta
turs, with only such telhnieal disq; isi
tions as do not inlterfeire with the popu
lar interest of the ~(rorkl.
Prenmiumll for 1875.
Every suhserilher for 1875 will recerive
a Ibeantifil portrait, in oil colors, of thel
samie noble dog whose, picture in a for
mer issue attractedsl so nmuch tatttii 10on,
"MlAN'S UNSELFISHI FRIED)"
will hle a weleolme in every honme. Eve
ryiIaly loves such a dog, andl the portrait
is execuhted so true to the life, that it
seems the veritable prensetce of the ani
mal itself. The Rev. T. De Witt Tal
mtage tells thrat hiis own Newfolinrllnd
dog (the1 finest inll Brooklyn, lbarks at it !
lsthorotgh so natural, no otnet whl o Ses
this Irelminln tlhrotllo will have tihe
sligithhst fear of beiing iitteu.
L14sihds thle cbromllo, eveTry advanc'I
snhll\nriler to TIlE ALDINE for 187. is
conlstituted a nlenther, alld entitled to
all thie privileges of
THE ALDINE ART UNION.
The IUnion owns the originals of all
THE ALINE picthu'es, which, with
other paintings and engravings. are to
be distrihn'ed amonllg tihe tlelmbers. 'TIo
every series of 5.10{0 subscribers, 100 dit
tttrcut pitces, viahud at over $2,500 arte
distriluted a. soorp as the series in fitll,
and the awa,~t"'i of each series as made,
are to bIe pullislled inll thle next Siueccrell
ing issue of THE ALDINE. This fei
tlure only apilies to subscri,4rs who pay
for one year in aldvance. Fnll particu
Iars in circular sent on application en
closing a stamip.
TERMS:
One 8ubscription, entitling to TIHE
ALDINE one year, the Chrome
and thie Art Union,
.6,00 per ann~n,'iu advance.
No charge for postage.
Specimen Copies of THE ALDINE, 50 cts.
The AI.DIE will hereafter bie oltainable
only by subscripltion. There will le no
reduced or citl ralte; cash for slubserip
tionlls Inust be selt to the piblishlers. lirect,
or handed to the lowal calnva.sser, wiitlout
responsibility, to tie pulklslrers, only in
car~S where the et'tificarte is given,.brar
ing the fac-jimilue signature of James
Sitton, PresiLdent.
CANivAss.ns WAINTED.--Any person who
wishes to act permanlently as a local ean
vasser, will receive full an pronlllpt ini
onnration by applying to
THE ALDINE COJMPANY,
58 1Maiden Lane, NEW YORK
)W O1ILEANS
MAlluNKRY DEPOT,
166 Gravier and 17 Union Ste.
NEW ORLEANS.
CuAs. G. JOtNSNEN, C. B. CHICIIILL.
Proprietor. Manager.
CONSULTING ENG!NEEýS,
Will furnish Estimates and Plans, and
contract for the construction and erection
of all kinds of Machinery and Iron Work.
Manumfýctvers of
Cotton PresSes and Cotton Gins,
Manufacturers' Agci't Mit
Blake's Steam .Pumps,
Braxter's Portable Steam Engines,
Shapley Stean Engines,
Straub's Corn and Wheat Mills.
bew York Comp'y Blting.
Hose' and Packing.
A large stock always& pon l nd, which
we will supply to the' TR.PE at man
ufacturers' prices.
A!oe Agene for th'
Readitsr it . ii4rke.
A full supply of their Pipes and Boiler
Tubes in Store.
Dealers in Pipe Fittings, Brass Goods
MACHINISTS' and ENGINEERS' SUP
PLIES.
Send for Illustrated Catalogue and
rico List. Nov 20-tf.
Siiiging IBook.
We ",uilIil :all the utteition of Te1ach
13, 1n il('l' 111t'4 Stedl in I3ll33j4', to
the fidlo) Ig woerks, an hin'iig Ithe bote.t of
their class :
MUSICAL CHIMES.
A.(New ('lass litok fto' eahle ' Voices. 1
Price e9 per dozen sample coldes, mail li
ed, pst-141paid41, on roe- ipt of I1.
FAIRY ECHOES.
A CI:ss-PBook for Children. Used in
all the prin ilpal 1Puhlie S.holls., Price
Sper doz1eni Samples copies aniiled, li
post-p:aid, on recVipt of7;i" ts14.
SONG ECHO.
The Most P'opular 3'IIml Singing-look tl
evIr J4ulblisud'l. Price 7.("0 per idozen ,Si
S:uamplh( copies mailed, post-paid, ou rc. i
('eipt If 7'1 cts.
Atldre..s, J. L. PETERP, (
843 Bromd'iaIi, N. Y.
1876. AGAIN! 1876
LOUISVILLE WEEiLY it
COURIER JOURNAL n
Conltillnues fr th!e preselnt year its ileral .1
. rt:utge 3t1tl3t, whe'elhly, o44 the, ;list of J
1e) i" Il.her, 1"7), it will distribuItI iiilpatr
tially uilng. its suhsitribkrs, :
In 1r,'se'nt.. 'olnp)risiug (reenb:u. I s and i
n141arly V nt thous:d 1us3f4 ad 1141 leauitiful 1ai
Sarticles.
The Conurier-.hornal is a losg-estah
lislhied, live, widle-awake. lrogressivt,
tnewvsy, bright and ilspicy papecr.
'No 4 othei ' perp ) 4ilE. suchl in1llh'nl3llots
to 5us154Tihbers a1d (111 4 ,; :its ('irtcut1irs
with full .rti enlurs anid slid . :4elt cOp
ies,ti fi:,, 11.n 1ip li(ation.
14Terms, ~'.H)0 a y1'ar a3lt4 liral f)1115 rsI'
toclnhbs.
Address, W . IAL1)iEMA, ti
Pres. Courier-.hJor'al Co. LIonisvillh, Ky "
º1. 1; ti
WE\VIEKLY ENQUIRER,
A Paletc' t tr the l'People, a Frienotl of t11l
F armer alnd Industriall Classes,
A ItEAUTIFUL r'
NEW C(l-IOMO O
1:NTITL'EID
f Perry Vilory!"
" it
(irein to rer!i ý2 IIOS,lubscriber.
This 4picture r3eplr4 t 'on i. 4Oliver 11. Per
-IV 11t 1 thi act of paItli t' fr',ll ,n114e s ip to In'll ?etif er1
iii a s lmall op41 1at. uilriug thef he t of battle,
exipos'd to the thie of 1the tll enlmy4.
It Measures 16 by ýh Inches,
Is ai ti'{ica.tl! ffisih'dtl in thirtlei' colors and i pI
tlid4nllhtedly 4 11the ost desirabile ch·o ehvl er
offered .s a pre4ium. Singl , co.pies .1fi sel4l 1at ti
i 1001. We have at a gr eat outlay securedlll the
r excl1nsive e.nllllt 4l an111 sale of it, ald t1ellrefnr
1are' enahled to pres(ent it to our patr' 'onl. aIs aiove.
The Es(QI'u:.Er still stlands pr e4n:inmt as a I
- firsnt clas3s ewapap4er. Its valrioetldela-'trlt"lln 1
allottfed to
Editorials, Hlumorous,
AgricultuIre, 1'oetry,
t Correspondece, Ti'eleruplhic
t And GeCerul A¥crs.
All give ervidenlce of the' iare and pains taken
to sulpl' ii. rei4drs with all the' new an,! a
v1 it V Il' 4 :3 ' 3i14g 13that 4r334 hllnll i t 3l 4 o interest &
e3ch and 33 4ver3i4 nm'mbe" o4f tl44 h3ul3h4ld'1 . Sub- h.
'rlibe tlhlrough nlr agents or ~ltld ditect to uIs.
W'4i dhsir'e u3l fi1l'Ill at '4'very Post Office, and
wher' 33l9ollle are yet. apuiilnted, let sonme of our
fi, hlids nl4 pIly flir thil h 4ge'3c'y.
Addressa 4
FARAN & McLEAn, Publishlers,
toINcNxA'rT, o.
The Saturday Evening Post.
The Oldest and lest Story Paper Pub
lished.
Founded August 4, A. D. 121.
ijor m11or tIhanI half a century the
SSaturday Evening Post h;ls been the
I, GREAT LITERARY WEEKLY 1
Sof the Country, aInd has ever 1orne a
widesplreaid inie tlbjibishtI3 repultation I
for thile utisirprssed piu3il'i retinemeln l
Sand excelle'ce of the Serials, Sketehes I
1113(1 Miscellaieons Itr'adfirg litittet.
It is pre-rilnently
The liBest Family Paplcr
that is published in thiscounltry, from its
never coItiltliiing aInythilg thalt Wollild
offelid thile felingis of alny olne, eitHer in
a religious or piqlitical s1n1e, o0 $irit
could not Ie1 re14d at, nilly irel'li~te iithout
objection I'rodi tile anlt fisfhlinius.
The eircillaltioh of the Saturdaiy Eveln
ing Post, thtfough ndt qirite do" large
perlhaps, lA ht yolnget coditeinlmiraries,
Ias not, like ifat h1f shnie of them, tihctn
. atilng, and too often short lived, bllt
SUI1E, SOLID AND SUBSTANTIAL,
Iascil upon the intrinsic merit oif the pa
i pr' itself autld inot dclp'nlldelll otl l lny i'x
traneous inlf)tnce!,s, such as tihe polIialri
Sty of individfial Writers, &c.
Good, lioever, as the Saturday Even.
ing Post has been in tlhc past, it is our
inltention to mnlke it still better ini tile
Sfuture, and3 with this object iln view e
will effect i liimirk41d imnlproveillent ill eve
ry delpartlellt of lke paIper, ll3nl will
SCall to our assistallce Wlriters ofl'adillittted
ability aill knlownl reputation.
By illcr;easing its tirmlcr attractions.
14nd aldtlilng mnfl3l' jlldiciolu. 1l34 i 14]lean
illg nIovtltices, by studying how to lease
and cultilvtie tile l)Illhir talste, ly inl
orieaslg illnhstr'y anl3 enterprise, alidI by
enlarged falcilities, we ihope to lmake new
friends with each alnd evtery issne; ind
conltilille to nu3iiltilnl t1he elaini of the
Saturdayllv Evcing 'ost to its title of Tiui;
OLoEST' ANBD THE lBtEST Of Famiily Story
SPapers.
Terms id iibscriers:
One year I copy 3.00 Ole monlth 2l
" '2 4copies 5.(0) Two Iilhlths 50
" 4 copies 10.00 Three mlo,. 75i
L 9 copies 20.00 Fourr 11141 0
To nlly 0ole seuldinlg $'0 for a Clhl, of
9,n adltlitional copy will by stnt FREF.
Speciimellin c4opic an cAii bye fad0l on 3ap1l
cation.ll. We Ellploy3' no Traivelin..g . Ag:.t5.
All communicaItilh,*.iiist ,4e addressil to
R.: j: C'. ALKER, Propietor,
727 Walnut Streett .
P. iladelphi
GRANGE WAREHiUSE.
At GRAND ECORE, La.
J. M. POuTER, Grange Agent.
SECEIVING, F orwarling duidi PInr
I, chasing agent fir the Ph~tro4 of Huf":
bandry. All blusine- inltrnkitlfed to' hisl
b cafrle will recei'e li'lintti t.telitIt llt)i anti
u- the paitronis cin re5ti3.nlreid or.,binig lib
eriilly'd.alt iith i1i cln3r1A,- &c.
A shnIa of business is respectfully Sc.
licited.
March 2.5 Gm.
SLeopold OCaz'oel,
S Coraer ?lPXT ald BORN Streets.
Ill__..ll " !--g L• n ..... |_ er p •
11T!ii!L;ili 1,_ INO,' or l:ATE.1
IO'S: ii 1 tIºI_, ' itl.
It is'tlh ilintenion of "the cnrldertorns et
Ihias MIagazine to still ' rther make it a
mnohl of literary- all,'i mechanial excel
lene, ani. with this view, no tlliteallttgr.
will' h,'`inrgle]te,,d Ii 'e either talent of
capit' l canl rolulnnonld to gendter each it
sle an agree;ble ant i nlstruetive olnpeli
diumi of
Po i'ULAlt R:Ai)ING.
Its pa,:ges will l,e dtlevoted to popular
literatlzt+. scien, e. art. edt hu tiunt and nu.
viall devtelo unt.t. I cIltulraeteri-tic fea
ltllr'e iis V'lmaprth]ltcisrivllness'li, The mlanU
scripts iow' oil hand, anld ot01 lt's espelia -
ly eng;aged,. ilembllrace an unusIlunlly attrar
tive list !of 1 )ecl'il.tive. Sketcheis of 'irav
el. ,Strial Stories. Tales lT'oemls. Papers oi.
,S'iel,.ce :nal Art. I',ular ]'::say.. N:arru
lives, Literary Criticislms, I"ashions; etc;.
togetheriir tith a variiey o"f :thle 341t in
TIrsting :articles uplon the Inlpurtant
Questhiis ol the iiay. A large plroplor
t itt- o"f till .'a:i id's, ,especia:lly those det
eriptivei of Itr:ir , will Ie
I'Rt iF'I'SELY I.LISTII'RA'EI).
The pietorial emnbellisi;:'ttt of th
Ma:gazinlc hereafter collstituting bnuo o
its mollst alt tra;lctive f;allltres.
The pUl'lIosl of the 'Publishers is to fur
mish a periottlieia i.'ih shall he iustrue,
livel ini The l;lonsIIhoill, The Librar.y andi
The Ri-aditng It~hf, giving an abnidance
(at' entertaining atli popular literature
iltl ilntifo!riationll for both olld and youllg:
carrying light. comlfort :ind. good nnitli
iltii evuery 1ithilv. and m111akillg it aice'pn
tiable tfor thel whole flouaeholl---fathei
alnil illiimother, iiy1vs illd girls, younlg men
and y)ounlllg wiomellll.
The Ilhl(strfatefd Ilolseholwd Mltagazief
incldes several Diistinct I)epartments.
each limier comllpetent anditi c dlenlt manll
itgenult, viz:
i. Skeit ehs-c nsistlig of i)escriptions
of Tfraivtel :ald Adlventure, Serial Storiesi
'I'irs ianid Narratives, lavishly illnd ali
prtopriately illust raled.
2. .Iisrellany-llnnde up of brilliant Ox
tillc(ts frol!l new hIooks, highlyl entllrtlail
ilng skitltchs of notablle lie rsons and
Ihhirgs fromll the Lest Foreign I'iblica
tiinls. Poems anil Papers on llierlCe aua
Art.
3. Editorial Ih)partlitnit-in which is.
given brilliant essayils upoln a wide rllnge
of ilIjectrs; social tolhies disCussedl and
cullrrut ilcidntlls lanlti doings ghini:ed at.
4. Fishilon D)lpalrtllelt-containinlg a
resllulme of tile i;lis. Lonldolln and 11ew
York Fa lshions. illstitrted with engra
vig.s iof tile latest styiles.
5. Literac u Notes-ldevolted to reviews
antlid c'riticisims of nlew books and genIutrt
ilorinutiatiql.
I6. Chilreni's Delirhtntmlnt-fitri'iishinr
instrulction avid entelrtaihineist to the
4Boys ald Girls, and thlose older JIeop;i
whilo fiile .oliung hearts. It is emnelish-..
ed with high cl:ls illustrations if
Natural hlistory, W'olnderlll cenery andt
rare ilncidtlnts.
7. Hlouseikeeper's )eiiltrlllnelr t --onI-.
Iprisig iforllalilltionll aniil recipies, mlay of
which iare original antii lillishel fo thei.
first tinue, all collectedl frim the init?
lautllheltic soutllcels.
It will Ii, the constlant aim of th.
lHoisehold Publishing ColplllaIly to Ilake
TIlE ILLUTIRATEi ) IIOUSEHOLIJ
MAGAZINE ill tile future, as Woodl'
Housllehold Magazine has been in thise
past,
TIIE BEST DOLLA , Mfll TI1LY rPP
LISIIED,
spairing neither eflort, trouble nor el
pelle iln sctcuring the Best Writers : t
conltrillltolrs, nid the l, Ist)Art.sits to pi"
duce illustrations to enr.ieh its pages.
AGENTS WANTED.
We reqnire a gool, faitihful Agent ir
every town tlhrouiihotilt. the .ilitld Stiltli
nlild Calllla, who will elrnecst.ly eRiage it!
the Jilisiness of Ifrocrinill suilscrilir-
Ilot tor a few dnlays or a Iolonfh dnly, blut
periane!ientlty-with a firm ileterllinatioll
to calVaiSs thoillollghly 211d careffilly the
etltire fieldi selectedl, ilmproving every op.
lortllllity to realize lil thif cill poillssib
H uiade from fthe ihdriitifiu of fthi
Magazine.
Our Prenitiui ads Clu.bbling Lisets
ofifer great inducementsi for working in
our ,beharlf. Schoiils lnd l r1Churches harv
hei4 it til itsulli opJlort!llitly to lrocUrC
,Mushicil hiirnitlrens firom tlh tL st mml lli
ifaictulireS, wittl birip"lratively slight
exertiJins. Arlisaus, J'rofequsionl . *Mer
anid ~tfiden'lts In-i gilUify their literar;
tadtek by inhelrilig froln the Clubbil.,
List. Children lily cirnl r iiil iin wIls llall
long desired articles by obtainillg tl:i
few subscribers L 01rciuired.
TEIMS :
YEAARL USscEitfrq.~f Ali.c,
Splechmlei , Colpies Illailedl, Iwst-luid, ti
any addrIIss u IllpolL 'rcipt of Ten CLenl,:
The Ipostage wihlin the IUnitehi Stt,"
is Ten Cents a1 year, whiiellh lllnlt be fill
wanrted with tle llullscrilption, as tih
new Piottial Lw4 rqmluirilg tire prelpay
mIent of nl 'g1i;lilneR l. y pnblisdeik
tllelinselves. insteilall of slibscribers, cmia
piels 1 1. to ollec tilt postagel illn dlvacllil.
Sedl foir C(irclhlr Cll i otaiiinIg rates a
conlniission anl idllldelllellst to ClIIlVan
14r4. l. tid the 1'remir r lnnd Clnbbhlin
Lists
THE YOSEMIEi' VALLEY.
We cotltillue to otfer this cEilelbralt.l
Oil Clhronlo ill c'OllietiolY witlh thie 1!
Slustlrated Houehloldl M:lgazine, fllrnisl
ing thleln to olr slllscriers upon II
following very glnint'rlls ter:ln:
With Moun'tl oted Chromio, $2.4J0. (Ii
noritied Chroiko, $1.50.
, The MloYited Chromo is delivcered .r
(oll' oltice, or Iy!'fav:lassers, or boxed I4::'
Ssent by exilr'ss 2l srll!1- i"wr 5 Iexplenl
, or 5ntlilly Inllil ulioli receipt of Twoltl i
SClents extra tor postage. The Ullmonmlle
eel Clironio is setil firee bY Inil.
All comlilnlllicatiollrn lillst lie aildre,'i
ItOiloUSEIOLI IU;iLI1HIGN CO.;
41 Park Row, New L6'rk.
Siianlotte's Line.
all and Whiter Arrangement.
f FOR GRANDI) ECOIRE, MONTGOMEIY,
AI.EXANI)I:IA, PINEVIIL. NOIIMAN'I
L. All Way JaihInygs.
The A I'Mainfleeint; nl !is4
rillluilag IpaseIger packeC.
BART AtlsE !
R. Srxorr, Master, ow, itleik
L EAVI"S Grand Ecore p'sitively errc -
TUIEsrIAY at 12 M.
For fr'ight or passal' apply on Isard or I.
aJL7EL E. It ESSI. 4Aenll
SMarch .---f.
0. COapmawztlzi,
) Corner Frolit & Jtoeleron Streets,
-DEALERl IN
SDRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
- HARDWARE,
and General Merchandise.
Bargains offerel to Cash cus:on ,.
Mlr'liT~5.-1y.