In the l4nd of Science all things
beco3e1 valuable by adaptment, and
slutary by thlir applieatis. Thus,
$. J. .WALKER has obtained from
eertain vegetable products of Califor
nia, that have been trampled upon
for centuries by the ignorant, the in.
valuable curative known as the Cal
ifornia Vinegar Bitters, a medicine
which is exciting the wonder of the
community by its beneficial opera
tion in the worst cases of Rhenmatism
pulmonary Disease, General Debility,
Congestion of the Liver, Constipation,
Scrofula, and Malarious Fevers.
our latest dates from New Orleans
by mail are the 28th March, good old
time.
It is asserted as a fact that every
canvasser who has turned his atten
tion to the introduction of the New
Family Sewing Machine in his local
ity, or who has been fortunate enough
to secure an agency, has outstripped
the best efforts in making money of
the old and tried Agents of the high
priced machines, which latter they
now replace. The demand is enor
mous, and sales so rapid and money
made so readily with so little effort
that Farmers, Tradesmen, Specula
tors, &c., are flocking into the busi
ness as fast as they can secure terri
tory and get their goods on the
ground to supply anxious customers.
it is marvelous how these machines
sell when exhibited, it being a recog
nized fact that the people will buy
the best at the lowest price. \ It cer
tainly is the Machine of the times
and does the same work, as other
Lacbines at $80.0o or 90.0oo0, and we
really believe it would sell just as read.
ily atlouble and then not cost half the
usual price of so good an article, for
it is astonishing to. see the vast
amount of labor it performs at so low
a oat. The inventors are daily in
-ndsteit with testimonials of the
worth of their new Machines which
aM suddenly and suncessfally bounded
into popular favor. It proves to be
just what is wanted every day, by
every one, everywhere, who have a
fahily. It has attained an enviable
reputation in many thousands of
homes and factories, for its solid
strength, power, rapidity, simplicity,
certainty, and ease of operation, with
extreme beauty, flneness and reliabil
ity of its sewing ; while the wonder.
fuYl o price (Twenty Dollars for a
i.g ad4somplete Sewing Machine
itI 'h table And treadle),
,lt-ýsaiit a of eoeipetitien entire
ly out of the question. It stands alon.e
-qls.merits and price. We advise
yon to invest in one at once for your
Wife, Daughter, Mother, Sister or
Lady Friend and make a home hap
py, or put them in your factory, or
what is better if you are lucky enough,
aseure an agency if there is none in
yamr town, and make money your
self. The many New Attachnknts
for doing extra fine skilful and dif
iealt work, are a surprise in their
eimplicity of construction and far be
low even "grange prices," and will
be delivered safe at your door, no
matter how remote you may reside,
if you write for them. Address, J.
TaoxwON, HANNA & Co., 907 Broad
wayN. v.
liaaamial, Commerial ad liver News.
(COTON STAT3EIENT.
On hand last report ........4359 halos
Received 'during week........ 28 "
Total receipts..3....4385 "
MA. T QUOTrATONe.
(It iholild'" remembered our quota
thJ#he for oeont lots, at retail, higher
as will hbae to be paid.)
erreed Weesy by Carver A Taylor.
, .................................11 * 13e.
f .........................l... l -
-, mark4 is In izmited as'ppav
s"lt-si sqoetalt 1ee; shoulders atc;
Ie n Flood sapt witht'fobr thiasnd.
We s a aftL SOri loe t.S 5 and
8;d W Chol~e a! $ 50 obies
Ila be Es'dt.
1 wOith h ad. I
Se. M j eam lsis.
t1-oL 1coue ells
S150eb ighe.
St -bt r bit whlch
bCHse kvnridas Is be
M tce per; g$ies. By the
1 13 g i s o11 is hel at
J' y ged. Oe lla edle' to
-eisd a564tdla. AM aF s901t 5 0per
si. Prismae s had clee at-.
3ucs.-No Carolla Itn tarket. Leuumlb is
floraisl. fpri st nu d, jt.
Si4'1 rushesdsd 0
,-Wbite sa ed ere het1at 5 so
SBourlbon osmmanadss4 5 per gal
with as faeirdsnd and
Tau supplyla Biited agn Io hld
k'~pound.rli~t~~,'r~.
Sr0. . ...;lOto $10.00"
.; . own, .-........ 14.00
'e  a urrmin informing the
li thate tepred ake
r l tubnid catbinasu, rihing
lumber, material awd labor, at
S 4z" ,opledei
$, l9 lotf, rth gal
,.; ,:- p for (x:
feR to then;
A il ' th Loi.
[aei ;. .t) - attea
sweet esetaor
NEW ADVERTISE ;MENTS.
$50 REWARD.
ýTAS STOLEN from the undersigned
VV on the night of the-2Gth nit., a Bay
Mare Mule, five years old, no brands re
eollected, has the marks of an.old fistula
on the shoulder. I will give fifty dol
lars for the mule and thief, or twehety-five
dollars for the recovery of the mule alone.
WM. M. LEVY.
April 10-tf.
LAND! LAND! LAND!
A Rare Opportunity Offered to
Farmers of Limited Means.
I AM OFFERING to sell. the following
described parcels of land on the liberal
terms set forth below:
One tract of 378 acres, situated twelve
miles south east of the city of Natchito
ches, and about one mile west of Old
River. Two hundred acres under fence,
ond hundred and fifty acres open and
about one hundred in cultivation this
year. The other improvements consist
of four or five log eabi.ns, gin and press ;
small orchard, with a spring of fine
water. Good steam saw mill within four
mile of the place. I will sell this place
at ten dollars per acre, one sixth cash,
the balance in 1, 2 3, 4, and five years,
without interest. Four-fifths of this
place is fie.. frcmsh alluvial river soil, and
will yield .1O to 50 bushels of corn or a
bale of cotton to the acre
Adjoir.ing the above, I'have 583 acres
of the saime character of unimproved
land, which I will sell at $5 per acre, in
equal annual installments, without in
terest.
I also have 320 acres situated between
Red River and Bayou Pierre, about six
miles from the city of Natchitoches, all
fine river bottom land, what is termed
"Buckshot" laund, two hundred acres open,
gin, cabins and fences almost entirely
destroyed. I will sell this place for $5
per acre, Cash, or $8 per acre, one-fifth
cash, the balance in five equal annual in
stallments, without interest;
1 have still another tract of 132 acres
ofgood level hill land, situated one mile
from the above described place, and im
mediately on the Grand Eeore and Texas
road, five miles from the city of Natchi
tohes, land well timbered with pine,
oak and hickory. Improvement consist
of double log dwelling housel log kitchen,
smake-house, small orchard of figs, plums
and peaches, 12 to 15 acres of open land,
all the buildings a little out of repair,
thongl! occupied this year. On thiwsplace
is an iuexhaustible well, of the finest
water in the parish. I will sell this place
for $600.00, one third cash, the balance
in one and two years, without interest.
To purchasers wishing to make larger
cash payments, I will make liberal de
duction from the above prices.
There is no excuse for any man being
without a home of his own; my terms
are so liberal that the annual payments
only amount to a emadl rental.
M. H. CARVER,
April 10--ly. Natchitoches, La.
TRAMME:LL'S
SAW MILL.
(Five Miles from Natchitoches.)
50.000 Feet of Lumber for Sale.
TERMS:
From 5 to 10 Dollars, (according to
quality) per MI. at the Mill.
Delivered in Natchitoches, at $14
per M.
Match 27.-ly.
NO COMPROMISE!!
L, E.am~ cto C€o.,
FaNrr SRREFI',
ARE OFFERING THEIR LARGE AND
Select stock of
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
HARDWARE,
BOOTS,
SBOES,
HATS,
CAPS,
&c., &a.c.
At New York Cash Prices
,Come early and seepre bargaise.
Remember the house, I KAHN & CO.,
and that all GOD8 are at COST Price.
March 13- .6m.
TIK PAYORITgI IOU lREMDY
Is eminently a Family Medieine; and by
being kept ready for immediate resort
will save many an hour of sufferiaF and
mnay a dollar in time and daotors bills.
Aft over Voi Yo'ear'. trial It -i still
receivIngthe most anqualifed testinpo- 1
nisto it virtue fr om persons of the
dihess -haracter and -responsibilihy. i
Einenqt ;physicians commend .it as.the
most i
EFFECTUAL SPECIFIC
For -ll diseases of the. Liver, Stomach
anmjSpleen.
The Simptoms of Liter Complaint are
a bitter or bad taste in the mouth;
Pain in the Bask, Sides or Joints, often
mistaked for Rheamatism; Sour Stom
ach; Lass of Appetite; Blowl alternate
ly edstive and lax; Headache; Lose of
me , with a painfal sensation of hav
ing f tis to6iet ng.wrhieh ought
to hat b h done; '-do ebility, Low
ahick ºsWl' w Lppesrauoe ow the
n aEyes, a dry COon ofton -mis
takiiefor Consamption.
Sometimes many of these symptoms
attend the disease,. at others very few;
b er, the largest organ in the
bj'i8otly; eiealyh the seat of the disease,
and i not Regulated in time; great snuL
ferln,'irr.ctere llea and Death will en
'or.Dgpepsia, Conetip ation, Janldice,
Bl~ol"s attacks, 81eok -leadache,; Colic,
Depression of Spirits Sour Stomiqoh,
Hart Burn, a i, e.
:Thsoheapest, Purest and Best Fami
ly Medlie ".in tliie'World L
MaafactntRed only by
3. . ZEILIN & O~.,
Mesoa, 0&1 alad Philadelphia.
Price, =140. Sold by al Druggists.
D6.5. ..?:a on,
"i-i
*1.
FITS CU RED F EE !!
Any person suffering from the above
disease is requested to address Dr. Price,
and a trial bottle of imeeliciun will he
forwarded by Express.
FREE!
The only cost heing the Express char
ges, which owing to my large business,
are smlil.
Dr. Price has made the treatment of
FITS OR EPILEPSY
a study for years, and he will warrant a
cure by tbe use of his remedy.
Do not fail to send to hint for a trial
bottle; it costs nothing, and he
WILL CURE YOU,
no matter of how long standing your
case may be, or how many other reme
dies way have failed.
Circulars and testimonials sent with
FREE TRIAL BOTTLE.
Be particular to give your Express, as
well as your Post Office direction, and
Address,
Dr. Chas. T. Price.
67 William Street, New York.
March G.-ly.
PEOPLE'S LINE.
E GU AR A lexrandria and
Gland Ecore Low Water PACKET.
For (rarnd Feore, Montgomery, Mouth of Cane
River, Alexandria, Xorann's, lI:arhin's,
and all way landings on Red
River. I
The Al extreme light
draught passenger st,;eamer,
BRADISH iOHNSON1I
JOHN HEINN, Master.
WM. CULI1ERTSON, Clerk.
TILL leaveo New Orleans every ''hurs
V ºday, and arrive at Grand Ecoro eve
ry Sunday.
For freight or passage apply on board
Oct. 17..tf.
CONSUMPTION CURED,
To the Editor of The I'eople's rindflator :
EsrEEMElJ FRIEND :
Will you please inform your readers
I have a positive
CURE FOR CONSUMPION
and all disorders of the Throat and
Lungs, and that, by its use in my prac
tice, I have cnred huudreds of eases, and
will give
1l,000 00
for a case it will not benefit. Indeed, so
strong is my faith, I will send a SAMPLE,
FI:EE, to aty sufferer addressing me.
Please show this letter to any one you
may know who is suffering from these
diseases, and oblige,
Faithfully Yours,
Dr. T. F. DBUrT,
69 William St., New York.
March 6.- -y.
Mllen's Planet Jr Hand.
bDruLLs and wnlrLioe.TRuanaew
styles. "They sow like a chamm;' ,a hoe
better, euierand six times faster
thian thle hbandl hoe. $EM.1'
BIROE a Co. 3 a. main
St. iLouis, Mo. Circulanrse. A
Liv Agent waned ineverytowl.
arPlease state In what Paper you read this.
Sinnott's Line.
Fall and Winter Arrangement.
For Grand Ecoro, Montgomery, Alexandria
Pineville, Norman's, iarbin's,
art DeRussy,
And All Way Landings,
The A I Mgniteent sand fast
running side-wheel passenger
packet
BART ABLEI
DIcx 1itorOT, Master.
G. C. HAMUILTO,
T. J. DOWTY, Clerks.
WILL leare New Orleans overy'4atnrday at
5 p. i., returning leaves Grand Ecore
every Tuesday at 12 x., and Alexandria every
Wednesday at 12 I.
The steamer
will leave New Orleans for Grand Ecore and in.
termediate landings every Saturday at 5 P. x.
The steamer
R. TWP.BRYARrlT
will leave New Orleans for Grand Ecore and in.
termediate landings every Tuesday at5 P. x.
This arrangement will continue until high
water permits the BAIr Am s to resume her re
gular trips, of which due notice will be given.
For freight or p ge apply oan board or to
JULS E. MESSI, Agent
1875. AGAIN ! 1876
LOUISVILLE WEEKLY
COURIER JOURNAL
Continues for the present year its liberal
arrangement, whereby, on the 31st of
December, 1875, it will distribute impar
tially among its subscribers,
10o,oooO
In presents, comprising Greenbaeke and
nearly one thousand useful and beautiful
articles.
The Courier-Journal is a long-estab.
lished, livb, wide-awake, progreasive,
newsy, bright and spicy paper.
No other paper offers such inducements
to subscribers and club agents Circulrs.
with full particulars and,speciulen cop.
ies sent free on application.
Terms, $2.00 a year and liberal offers
to clubs.
Address, W. N. HALDEMfAN,
Pres. Courier-Journal Co., Louisville, Ky
S NNPAREI:ILLS
?nd lotte4o.ed imlleod .
WIheJ'tdlpaphletfre. Addeasu.
b 4wpleahusateIawbhtpape ,y read ti
WEEKLY Friday Packet
For Grand Eoere, Moentgomery, Moth of Came
River, Alexandria, Norman's Bar
bln's and all way landings
on Red River,
The Al and very light draught
passenger steamer
SEMINOLE.
J. C. MicrLcL, Master. As. L. Robins, clerk.
LEAVElS New Orleans every Tuesday at 5 P.
If., arriving at Grand Ecore every Friday
at Iux. The .Seminole will be replaced by a larg
er boat when navigation permits.
Will make close connection at the Falls da
ri.dgextreme low water with the light draught
steamer Ida Leon. Passengers can be aseured
thatthey willbo put through without deen
tion and shippers will bear in mind that freight
will be promptly delivered as in high water
time.
For freight or pssge pply on board or to
C. 1. HaRKINS, Agont.
Boot and Shoe Maker. ,
C HALTLENGES th worldkfor neatness
and durability of work. Matisfaction
in titandl material guaranteed
.Shop on St. Denia St.
Jane AGl. "". i
_._----.--..i-·· ýYý
WEEKLY AND DAILY FOR 187.a
The appronach of the Presidenti:l elec
tion give:4 unusual ihmportance to the
events and developmncllts of I875. We
shall endeavor to desriie them fuilly,
fitithlifiny, and fearlearsv.
TILE WEEKLY SUN~ has now attain
ed It eiretlation of over fventy thou
sand copies. Its readers arel' ound in
every State and Territory, and its qluali
ty is well known to the public. We
shall not only. endeavor to keep it fully
up to the old standard, but to improve
and add to its varijety and power.
THE WEEKLY SUN will continue to
bIe a thorough newspaper. All the news
of the day will be found in it, condens
ed when unimportant, at full length
when of moment, and always, we trust,
treated in iL clear, iiteresthg anild in
atructive manner..
It is olr aim to make the Weekly Run
the best f:unily newspaper in the world.
It will be full of entertaining and ap
propriate reading of every sort, but will
prinit othing to oflind the imost seripun
loens and delicate taste. It will always
contain the imost interestinig stories and
roiaitucles of the day, carefully selected
anld legibly printed.
The Agricultunrar l Department is a
prominent feature in the Weekly Siun,
aind its articles will always be foniid
fresh and useful to theo farmer.
The tiunnbter of men iudepetndent in
politics is iecreaiing, iniul the Weekly
Sun is their pape'r especially. It beloiigs
to no party, anl obeys no dictation, con
tending for principle, and for the election
of thecbest nltle. It expossis tie' corrllp
tion that disgraces the country and
threatens the overtlirow of republican
institutions: It has no fear of knaves,
laid seeks no favors fromi their support
ers.
The markets of every kind and the
faIshions :ar regularly reported in its
COhtII1llSq.
The price of the WEEKLY SUN is one
dollar a yeir for a sheet of eight pages,
and fifty-sit columns. As this barely
pays expenses of paper and printing, we
are not able to make any discount or al
low any premium to friends who may
umake special tiooris to extetut its circula
tion. Undor the new law, which ro
quires payment of postage in advance,
one dollar a year, with twenty cents the
cost of prepaid postate added, is the rate
of subfion. It is not necessary to
get up ihb in order to have the W'eek
ly Sun at this rate. Any one who sends
one dollar anti twenty cents will get the
lpalper, post-paid, for a year.
We have no traveling agents.
THE WEEKLY SUN. -Eight pages,
fifty-six columns. Only $1.r20 a year,
postage prepaid. No discount from this
rule.
THE DAILY SUN.--A large four-page
newspaper of twenty-eight colhunns
Daily circulation over 120.000. All the
news for 2 cents. Subscription, postage
prepaid 55 cents a month, or $650 a year.
To clubs of 10 or over, a drecount of 20
per cent. Address,
"THE SUN," New York City.
THE
Pcop!o's Vindicator,
FOR 1875.
We take pleasure in annoudeing to the
inumerous friends of the VINI)ICTOR,
that we have perfected arrangements for
the continuation of its publication uponl
a firm nbais. The public are well aware
of the difficulties under which the Cou
servative press of Louisiana labor; the
inifamolis priuting law passed by a plarti
anul Legislature, solely to foster and up
hold, at the expense of the taxr-payers,
journals entirely antagonistical to their
interest and at war upon their lilbrties,
and by ulnder the forms of law,
our citizes to advertise in these oficial
papers, to break down their power, the
Conservative antd Demuocratic press; con
sequnently we are compelled to depend
for support upon the generous onltribu
tion of a people alreadypoverty-stricken,
but we feel nssured that they will not
fail to sustain their main power in the
war of virtue against vice
The Fearlcs lWhite Ina's Prss of
Louisiana.
The future tone of this papeor can be
judgedl' from its past. We will continue
to adlvoeate to ncaese, the rights of the
TAXED, that honesty and capability,
ALONE, shall constitute grounds for po
litical preferment, and a continued and
never ceasing war upon Kellogg and his
corrupt oficials-knowing them to be in
commnon with their (Chief, both usurpers
and thieves.
We can asseeure the public'that'we will
not hesitate to attack the acts of any po
litical otganization, when we believe
them to be antagonistic to public good.
We are the servant of no clique or party,
and int.nd solely to protect and defend
the rights and liberties, in our honest
way, of the whole people-believing that
we ihave done antlscienrt service in the
cause of the PEOPLE in the past, we
Sconfidently expect~their jsupport in the
future.
TERMSCS
1Copy1year.................... 3
1 i6nme................... .
(Invariably in advance.)
We furnish as a premium to each paid
up subscriber, for one year from the first
of Jantuary, a fne 81'EEL ENGRAVING,
19x24 inches, of aumot any Historical
subject.
JAS. I.. cosGROVl,
I' Editor.
PELLI & AREAUX,
* Publishers.
THE DEMOCRATIC PAPER OF
THIE UNITED STATES.
WEIEKLY, Published Wednesdays.
Full reports of Parmerst Club Live Stock
Markets of New York, Albany, Brighton,
Cambridge, and Philadelphia; the New
York Country Prodh:ee Market, and Ge¶
eral: Prodnuce Markets of the Country,
nd full Reports of the New York-lMar
ket, Exhaustive Summary of the News,
Practical Agricultural DepaLrtlent, and
.Iamily Reading.,
TERMS :
One copy one year................ S2
Five copils, one year, separately ad
dressed........ .................. 7
Daily~, Terms.-One copy, one year
.............. ............. $10 00
Semi-Weekly, Terms.-- One copy,
one year........................ . 3
Two copies one year, separately ad
--dressed....................... ,
Terms Cia, (in advance.)
Send in Registered Letter, Postofiee
Money Order,;or Bank Draft. Bills sent
by mail will be a tislersk of the asender.
We have no Traveling Agents Speci
men Copie, Posii.;-Ete, smt free of
Ae ,wbeerer: mii *heuevyr desired.
THE WOLD,
Newt York City.
i? GQt. your JOB PRhITHIG
done at the VIwMCrAmTo OffiCe.
Art Taste !
Frospectus for l75--Eighth Tear.
STIHE ART JOURNAL OF AMERICA, it
ISSUED MOYTTIITY.
"A Magnificent:Conception, wonderfully
carried out." in
S- II
r The necessity of a popular mnedinvt for gi
a the representation ,f the prnoldntions of Hi
our great artists, has always been recog. N
nized, and imn:iy attempts have been of
s t nno, to meet the want. The successive g4
- ilnres whi1'h so invarihly tillowed ea'.h I1.
I attempt in this country to establish an v:
art journal, did not prove the indiflhr
-n en of the people of America to the el
clnims of high art. So soon as a piorer 1"
I appreciation of the want and an ability r'
to meet it were slhown, the public at I'
once rallied with enthusiasam to its sil,
port. and the result was a great arti ie  tI
and eonmner'i:,l triumnph-TTHE ALI)IN E.
STIE ALDINE, while issued with :ll t he "
I r"gularitv. hais none of the tent ,ornar or
timely interest chlmarteristic of orf or!i::rr p
peridieals. It is an elegant miscell:anlv
of pure, light and graceful !itotature; andl 1
a collection of pictures, the rnrest .peci. i-t
nunls of artist;c skill, in black and white.
Although eacnh neeoedicng lnhm!! er atllords I
a fresh pla~las~r to ilt frien!ds, the reail t*
vlhine :dl hlwnut' of the ALo.NrN will he i
mI ost appreeiatoel after it, hlts h,:en 'n',;,d1 !i
up at the ellosp of th.e yh:ar. Wh:ile other ti
jonlli:ls lia'' nu lllh11i liperioler h,r.'l , 8as
eoltmlied w.iilh r.'als of a siiilar class, il
the A. .IX5 inS ;a urfe anlldl original ,.n
eeption-l-aline and unapplroachedl - ahlo
lutely without omnpetition iii price or
character. The poss.lieor of a unmpl'ºte `
olnume cannot dnplicate tthe 4.ji.titvy ,of '
fine paperr and el;'gavingn in any other tIt
shIape or nluhber of vonllum's for tell tinm .A8 l
its co.st; and then, there is t he Chrt1,1 to
besides! - ci
National feature of TIlE AT;INE la
mnust he taken in 11 narrlow sers. Tfrne
art is cosnflpolitanl. Whil,' ThE AL
DINE im a strictly Ameriein i,stijuti,,m, A:
it does not eonfine itself enutirely to thin
ireprolnution of nptive snt. Its nission at
is to cultivate a broad and appreciative `'
art tastel, one that will discriminate onlry it
on grounds of intrinsic merit. Thus. t.i
while pIlacing;tiefnre the patrlos Of THE
ALI)INE, as i loading charancteritic. thll M
prolductions of the most noted American o"
artists, attention will ,always he given to "'
specimens from foreign masters, giving ot
snl,scribers all the pleasure and intrulc- A
tion obtainable from home or foreignu tl
sources. P1
The artistic illustration of American i"
e scenery, original with TIlE ALl)I;E. is I
an important fentnre, anl its magniecllet i
plates are of a size more appropriate to
the satisfactory treatment of details I
than ein be afforded by any inferior
a page. The judicious interspersion of
landscape, marine, figure, anal animal
) nhubjects, sustain an nnabatei interest,
impossible where the scope of the work
confines the artist too closely to a single
style of subject. The literature of THE
ALi1)NE is a light and graceful accom
paniment, worthy of thm artistic fea- A
tures, with only such technical disqrisi
tiona as do not interfere with the popu
lar interest of the work.
Premium for 1875.
Every subscriber for 1875 will receive
a beautiful portrait, in oil colors, of the
same noble dog whose picture in a for
mer issne attracted so much attention,
"AfAR'S 1NSELFISH FRIEY"P'
will be a welcome in every home. Eve
rybody loves such a dog, and the portrait
is executed so true to the life, that it
seems the veritable presence of the ani- i
mal itself. The Rev. T. De Witt Tal- ec
mage tells that his own Newfonndlanml
dog (the finest in Brooklyn, barks at it I
Although ao natural, no one who sees
this premium chromao will have the
slightest fear of being bitten.
Besides the chromeo, every advance ci
sulbscriber to THE ALDINE for 1875 i r
aonstituted a memlber, and entitled to f,
all the privileges of
THE ALDINE ART UNION. 2E
The Union owns the originals of all .
THE ALDINE pictures, which, with (
other paintings and engravings. are to
be distributed among the members. To
every series of 5.000 subscribers, 100 dif. A
ferent pieces, valued at over 2,,i00 ares
distributed as soon as the seiies is full, ea
and the awards of each series as made, sc
are to be published in the next succeed
ing issue of THE ALDINE. This fea
ture only applies to subscribers who pay
for one year in advance. Full partien
lar i n aireularseont on applieation en
closing a stamp.
- TERMS:
On ubscripties, cntitling to TkE TI
ALDIN~E one year, the Ohrorme
and the Art Union,
$,.00 per annaum, i advance.
No charge for postage.
Specimen Copies of THE ALDINE, 50 cts.
The ALDi~E will hereafter be obtainable
only by subscription. There will be no
reduced or club rate; cash for subscri p-f
tions must be sent to the publishers direet
or handed to the local canvasser, without a
responsibility to the publishers, only in a
cases where the eertifioate is given, boar
ing the fac-nimile signature of James r
Sutton, President
CANVAssRus IVANTrD.-Any person who tl
wishes to act permanently as a local can
vasser, will receive fiull and prompt in- oi
ormation by applying o
TIE ALDINEIP COPAN, oh
68 Maiden ~ane, NEW YORKn
POSItrlVELY NO CROOMOS.
at
Uh o ¢hoiSt A r ewdin . m
ino
FOR 1875. fi
wi
Containing every week FORTY COL- ca
UMN8 of -choies reading mat- ab
ter, printed on clear, hand-.
some type, and Iline an
white paper ir"
era
q'IHE NEWS is edited" bythe Danbl- e
i ry News Man; is contributed to by fri
George Alfred Townsend, the chief of co
Newspaper Correspondents, and ether Sn
excellent writers, who will furnish fresh Or
correspondence from the leading cities, P.
and contribute to the editorial cilum:ns.
The NEW' has its own Scientifsc,
Fashion, Chers and APumle edlitors; pub- 01
lishes the best original matter, the best
miscellany, and the freshest and best
miscellany, and the freshet and Ibest
stories. In alW it departaeuts it is
edited with sOcrapulons care, and, is, in
consequence one of the beet Family
Journals pnblisheL Sample Copies free
S--send foroo .l
TERMS-OF SUBSCRIPTION:
One Year.................. ...200
Special rates to Postmaters and clubs.
BAILEY & DONOV ov ,
Danbury, onun. i
TiaBEST PAiE. TiRiiS
POSTAGE FRltEE
Beautifully Illustrated.
Tie SCIENTIFIC AM'ERICAN no, in
its a0tth y'al'r, enjoys ;tle wideslt i:'cnta -
tion of any weekly newis !uper of t!he kill
in the world. A new volume commnouce
Janu.ary 4, 18Tr,.
Its contents ernbrace the latest and
interesting information pertaining t
Industrial, Mechatnical, and Scientilic o
gress of tihe World; Discvriptions, with
Beat ifull Engravings, of .NIw Ii ivnitiol.,
New Iroeess, t s, and Improved Industries
of all kinds; Usef'ul Notes, R1eeipes, ug
gestions and Advice. iy I'raclil Writers.
oer Workmen and Employers. ,in all :the
various arts.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN is the
cheapest and best illustrated wveekiy pa
per published. Every nunmbl'er contains
I'rol 10 to 15 original e1lgrarvinigs of new
lmachiiert'y anid li ovtl invclit ioun
ENGRAVI GS, ilhlstratin;r IImIrove
Iells, l)iscor+': ires, and Im portant Works,
pertaining to Civil amid tAechanica Eugi
neeriug, Milling. Mining and Metallurgv;
'l' coi,'ls of the latest i,"re- in the A.
plications of Steam, teanj En'rgieering,
R ilwa)s. Ship Btuilding, Nvigutionu.
'T'olegrai:hy, Tel,'graph Engi l'iteen., l£lec
triciy, Magnetnmt, Lighlt andl lea.
:AMEIRS . , Mscl;a,,ics.. Eugineer:.
Inv:ntors, Ma'mn faIn'elrs. ('heCmisis. ,Lo
ers of" $r ienee. '1'er:hers, Ctl'rg.yieen, Law
yers.. atnd P'el.ie of all Protlssions. will
!iu!d the SiL.YN'!LVic A:Mt:!I,I!AX If'tll to
themt. It ;hotild have a !,;:c',' in evr rv
lnamily. .:,hraiy, iSt utdyl, orn. ndei Comnt
iug " ..lomn; itn every lMiending 1o':em,
Couih ge, M'andesv, or 1~rhol].
,n '; "eat:;' I t1.1e er coRI' lltl ,8O 'ltp s anlid
SE\%:IteAl IlI\Nl t0ID , I Ef AV:i 1Itlu
'lndlas of vol ttiequ. are perserved for hind
a :oto t'erlt kti',. The pra:ctical reie,'ipts
:crI. well wuoth 'tn  times thi+ suscriptiol
,'rie. T 'rN t2ma.:2 a. by lsv iil in
chldint g ,l:t isl,,g. Diac;luut to Clubs .11e
iennlu: nstlit ir ee.'g ai be h;,d of all News
,talera.
1) e TEŽTs'J In c1tn.ection with
! i lai'+ Ik thc ScuxK r'tw
AmI:IIICAN, Ma|,li's. MLNUN & C,. are
Solie'torsof A et ica antd l'oreign Patents,
and have the larg'est. esthlli:hhnluent in the
world More than fifty thm(uIstd aljpliet
iiottn ltave Ieenjulade for patents through
theiir ,gncsmy.
Patents tnre oltainei on the blt terms
Models of New inventions and g(setches
oxttminetld and advice tree. A special
Ilotis't istnaiti in the Scientific Americau
of aillnventions Patented through this
Agen'cy, with the name and reoideut Ot
the Patent'ee. Patents are often sold in
part or whole, to persons attracted to the
invention ,by; suich1 notice. Seud for
pleampllt, IlI' pages, l;tws anld full di
Irections for olbt:tiuing Patents.
A-,ldress for the Pa:ter, or coloerningt
Patents, !rix & Co., 37 Park Row
N. Y. Brarh O~lee, car. F a:nl 7th Sts.
Washinton. D C.
Jany 11875.-1v
WEEKLY ENQUIRER,
A Paper for the People, a Friend of the
Farmer and Indnutrinl Clasees,
a
A BEAUTIFUL
NEW CHROMO 1
ENTITLED
"Pcrrfs Victory !" '
Givente ver $e2 0 bscriberhr. as
This picture represents Com. Oliwor H. Per
ry lu the act(of paesing from one ship to another
in a small open bat, dlaring the heat of battle,
exeposed to the ire of the enemy.
It leasures 16 by 22e Inches,
Is artistically finished in thirteen colors and is
utnonbtedlyr the most desirable ebronmo ever
offered is a prem.ium. Single copies of it sell at tl
i:3 n. We have at a great outlay secured tihe n
exclusive control and sale of it, and therefore
are enabled to pres eu it to our patrons as above.
The E.QI'IItEu still stands pre eamiuetaea t
first class Newspaper. Its various departments e
allotted to
Editorials, Humorous, C
Agriculture, Poetry,
Conrrlpndence, Telegraphic
Adnd General News.
All give evidence of the care and pains taken 01
to supply l eI readers with all the news and a h
variety of reading that cannot fail to interest M
each and every membe- of the household. Su;,.
critbe through our agents or senod direct to us.
We dsire oan agent at every Poet Offiee, nad :
where none are yet appuintedl, let some of ear a
friends apply for the agency. ti
Address L
FIIAR~ I & cL1EAN, Publishers, Ic
CIXCINNATI, 0.
The Saturday Evening Post.
The Oldest and Beat Story Paper Pub.
lisled. as
rounded August 4; A. D. 1821.
For more than half a century the
Saturday Evening Peat has been the
GREAT LITERARY WEEKLY t
of the Country, and has ever borne a
widespread and unblemished reputation ce
for the unsurpassed purity, relinement ew
atnd excellence of the Serials, Sketulhes L
and Miscellaneous reading matter.
It is pre-eminently
The Best Family Paper
that is published in this country, from its 0
never containing anything that would !u
offend the feelings of any one, either in '
a religious or political sense, or that
could not be read at any fireside without i
objection from the most fastidious.
The circulation of tl~e 8aturday Evea
ing Post, through not quite an large
perhaps, as its younger coitnmporaries, 0o
is not, like that of some of them, iueta- "
ating, sinl too often short-lived, but o*
SUEB, SOLID AND SUBSTANTIAL, a
based upon the intrinsic merit of the pa
per itself and not dependent on any ax
traneons influences, such as the populari.
ty of individual writers, &e.
Good, however, as the Saturday Even.
ing Post has been in the last, it is our
intention to nuake it still better in the i"
future, and with this object in view we y.
will effect a marked improvement in eve= e1
ry department of the lIaper, and will m
call to our assistance writers ofadUlitted b;
ability and known reputation. A
By increasing its former attractions, tl'
and adding many judicious and pleas- o'
iug novelties, by studying how to please li
and cultivate the popular taste, by in- i
creasing industry and enterprise, and by il
enlarged facilities, we hope to make new 19
friends with each and every issue, and di
continue to maintain the claim of the se
Saturday Eveining Post to its title of TEa ol
OLyEST AND T:MS EShT of family 8tory O
Papors. gi
Terms to Aubscrbers:
One year 1 copy $3.00 One nmrnth '
" 2 copies 5.00 Two, months 50
" 4 copies 10.00 Three mo. 75 P
" 9 copie. .0.00 Four me 1.00
To any one sending $20 for a Club of
9, an additional copy will he sent FREk:
Specimen copies can be hadul on appl (
eation. We Employ no Traveling Agents.
All communicationa must le addressed to P
R. J. C. WALKER, Propietor,
727 Walnut Street, IF
Philadelphis.: t
i2 Get your printing done at
the VInDICATOR Job Office.
THEi': ILLUs!'lRATEi-.I)
II01 EIIOLD G TllI0 l .
WITH WHIICH LS INCORPORATEI)
rI UM W11 186 ZIt
It is the in:nttinn of the roniduetorq ,'
atis Ma;,aziitc, to still f,,rtlh.r imake it :.
8 1,1(h.'1 of litl'rar' and Inech:a i.al exrt
|lvrlw , u:', with this view, no, dvant;te
will 1.r ielected M hich eithe.r t:'ilit
capi{L I1,rn c ollallll d to, rt:leder" rcahl is
sule ;an :!lreealle adl instructive coinel]";.
tdiull of
POPI'ILA I: HEADING.
Its paLt.s will be ,'evot ed to l,,Ipl.: r
S literatulre, sc:iellc, ,rt, ednentin au l : ".
Scial developlment. Its ch:naa':cltiristic frt;
ture is ot-lnreheltnsiveness 'flhe luanu!
s scripts now on hland, :nud others espeti:*
y I e.ng:edl, embrace an ni1saltitly a0ttiru:
'ive list of Descriptive Nketchrs of TrlP.
SIel, Serial s, trie s''ltale Poemsn, Papers :on
Science and Act, Popular Essays. Nartra
tives, Literary Criticistus, Fashions, eci..
tmogether with a rvriey of able and iu
terlsting ailticles Uponi the Import:,nS·
QieNstin:ls of thie Day. A latrge priopl t
tion of the articles, a.'cially those t -
e triptive of trasvel, will )be
I. PROFUtSELY IL.L STRIATErD.
Th 'e pitorial etnhellt-:1nl;n ts of ts '
i1;aMy;ziu, hereafter cortituitng or c.,
its most attractive fetL urt's.
The pn?·'r1en f t!t't- Pil,lisirr:i is to i'
lish i periodliel -whigh shall hlie in still
tive in The lhousehold, The libraryv av.
''lce lradllng ionut. giving an ihunldainc.
of entertai;tin; and popllar" literaStut.
and iuforzu:al.ion for h,,(1l, old n:d yeuu.
carrying light, tonmfort and good nature
i into every f:unily, a.nd pa.tkki, it occe!
table for the whole H selhold-tat't.e"
'aIId ilother, Ulnyv anll girls, young msue
7:111 !yn.iuig womuen.
it T1h 'llutalte1d liet1;ohd .u gazr:- a
iuclnlds several Distilct l)epart.ineute,
each under competent and etiicieut man
S:.geltllol t, via:
S1. Srketches-couaisting of DescriptioA
u of Travel and Audvrenture, tSerial Stories.
T''ales antd rnrr:tivee, lavihly atnd Sp
pi'opriac lv illustrated.
*C . Mxil;clltan--matpt! ofrilliast ex
e tracts from new oonks. highly entertaiit
' ii1 sketches of Inoinhl personsl al'i
thllgas from the beat ForeignO Pul;lica
Stioens, Poems and l'apºrs on Seieince and
SArt.
3. Editorial Department--iIn whiekh it
givun brilliant essays upon a wide ranlI
of subijects; social tvpics discussed au.:
f current incitlelts andl loings glailced at.
4. Fashion Departtolnut-c·ºntainfig a
D resume of the Patris, London nud Ne*
r York Fashions, illustrated with *ugra
Svings of the Ilatest styles.
5. Literary Not:es-devoted to reviews
tand criticisaus of new buooksaun geioeru:
P iuformation.
6. Children's Department--furbnishirg
instructioln and eutertainmeltt to tI
Boys and Girls, and tlhoe elder peolIe
whlio have young hearts. It is embelisl
Sed with high clasA; iillustratioI , If
Natural History, Wonderful Scenery sam
rare incidentb.
p 7. ilousokneeper'e-l)epartment -coit
prising information and ~wfpes, many of
s which are oiiginal and published for tl.e
tirst time, all collected from the mn. t
authentic sources.
It will Iee the constant aim of the
Household Publishing (Company to make
THE ILLUSTRATED HOULSEHOLI;
MAGAZINE in the fntnre, as Weodi',
Honsehobld Magazine has been it the
past,
THE BERT DOLLAR'"MONTHLT PU -
LISHED,
sparing neither efiort, trouble nor ex
pense in securing the Best Writers us
contributors, and the Best Artists to pre
duoe illustrations to enrich its pages.
AGENTS WANTED.
We require I go:d, faithful Agent in
e versy town throughout the United Stat-.
r and Ca':nlds, who will earnestly engage i
a the business ,of procuring snlubscriber
Snot for a few days or a month only, hi 1
I permnanentltll--'ih ai:iraidctez mninati.hn
, to c:nvass thotoughly and carefully tlh
Sentire field selectedt, imuprovig every el,
pertunity to realize all that can possii .
,be made from thuefintroductioi of tie.
Magazine.
Our Premium andjChtbbiGd fl'sg t
ofbr prent indueements for workinglic
our behalf. Schools and Churches ha.
hero an unusual opoirtnity to procur
Musical Instruments from the best nl.
ufacturers, with com l ratively .ligb
exertions. Artisns, Pfeidonal It n
and Students miay gratify their litera y
tastes by orderilng from the Clubbi,;':
List. Children may earn and own muimr
long desired articles byl obtainin't.L,
few subscribers required
TERMS8
TIBARI BUBSORIPTION ,I.co.
Specimen Copies mailed, post-paid, tI
any address upon receipt of Tea Cent,.
.The postage withia the United 8t'ter
is Ten Cents a year, which must he fr.
warded with the subscriptien, as tbL
new Postal Law requiring the p'repal
ment of all magazines by pnblishe .
themselves, instead of subscribers, craS
pels nas to collect the postalge in advance.
-Send for Circular contalning rates or
commission and inducements to canv:;r .
sers, and the Premium and Clubbi.,
Lists.
Till YOEJIITE VALLEY.
We continue to offer this celebratel,
Oil Chrome in connection with the J.
luetrated Household Magazine, furntis
ing them to our subscrilers upon Sti..
following very generolus terml:
With Mleuted Chromte, $2.00. U'.
moealed Chrome, 1.0.
The Moullhd Clhrome is delivered a"
our office, or by canvissors, or boxed ate
sent by express at, ,ucriber's expenrt
dr sent by mail upon receipt of Twen.
Centll extra for po.stagel. The UnaUsoi
ad Ch¢romo is sent free by mail.
All coimlrtnicationa innat'be addreiaso
ROU8gluOLD PBL'LISHING CO.,
41 Park Row, ?ew York.
2Dmploy-n.e;,t- -.
women amnd agents, wo have just w!,
you need Our 9l1l hMounted Chn.
onttell anything in the market. Mr. P.,
mons wrie: '"I struck out yeaterdlay, ,;
by wo'king enry four hours, clared $'
A lady has just reported her profits t,
the forenoon is $Sd: yesterday uip I. ,
o'clockhhe clesredl '7 0. We can rtro.
beyond qtnestior tha;t one agent order.
5,i00t() f these inhrnios in eleven wOr,
hig days. W.hllave the largest sud flu ..
tseortmniet in the lUnitetd States; hie::
dreds of choice subiljects fromi which ,
select. We will s;nid you an asso'tt d i, ,
of the hist selling free of charge eU tr
ceilpts of 'i O. Send it lour ordeln ,
gitve us a •e!l. Samples by mail 5c., •
12 for $1.
BOSTON . FRAME AND CIIROMO cco
29t2 Wtashington St., Boston, Mass.
P. O. Box 2fAi.
Important Notice. ,
SUBISCE.IBERS to the ,RAND Ecr·,
SAND NSiW OuLKANS PEOI'LE's Lr:
PACKrET C(.PIANY, are he.rcby noti:
t hat the first I:nstahlnent of the a11o:t
:ulbscrbed (25 per cent on each share,
now due. They are respectfuillyvoinv
ted to come frward and settle at o:, .
their indebthedness.
By order of tih Director9.
Kov. .--tf.