OUR bUPPLE3I ENT.
Owing to an unusual press of business
matter, we have been compelled to leave
out several columis of original jokes
(dlipped from our exchan1cs), and a very
able article on the political situation, pre
pared especially for this number by that
astute critic of American civilization,
Denis Kearney, Esq., of Sand Lots. If
objection is made by our readers that a
good deal of space is occupied by a de
scription of Louisville, and the advertise
ments of her business houses, we reply
that Louisville is a large city, and a
Southern city, whose citizens are warm
in their attachments to Southern people;
and that to give even a faint idea of the
immense resources and developments of
that great metropolis, we would not only
have to use our supplement, but our en
Lire issue. We cherish the belief that
we have conferred a favor upon our
readers by giving, in a condensed form,
the capability of a city which is bound
to us by every tie of sympathy and in
terest to supply the demand of our peo
ple for those commodities which we are
necessarily compelled to purchase from
abroad.
LIVE LOUISVILLE.
Our own Representative
Drops in on a Few
Business Houses,
Has a Brief Chat With the
Proprietors,
And Makes a Note of His
Observations.
Amount of Business of the City
Estimated at *100,000,000.
a
If there is one trait which characterizes
Louisville business men, whether as bankers, t
merchants or manufacturers, more than anoth
er, it is their character for honesty in dealing
and patient determination to achieve success
by legitimate means. While in many other
cities the avenues of trade are crowded by
men ot small capital and large pretensions,
who are dependent upon a favorable turn in
the wheel of fortune to bring about success, re
the business of Louisville is largely controlled
by men who have by industry and integrity
built up their trade and know the value of
money too well to risk it in visionary specu
ýtion. Rascality in business has never been
at a premium in Louisville; there is no room tic
for the sharper to operate. Steady going do
bankers look askance at the sleek, well-fed, Su
fuhionably dressed confidence man who pro
poses to open an account, and listen with ioy thi
incredulity to his plausible tale, and usually l
send him to try lis fortune under more auspi- Ca
eious skies by inquiring for his collaterals.
Tnz DRY GOODS TRADe , an
There are not in the Missisppi Valley four Pu
firms whose charcter stand higher in all the el
requirements of first clas merchants than m
those whose cards appear in our supplement,
Messrs. Bamberger, Bloom & Co., Messrs.
Carter, Bros. & Co., Mesrs. J. M. Robinson
& Co, and Meessn. Davis, Trabue & Co. fal
IRON AND HARDWAR. tie
We have given, on the first page of this hei
paper, several important facts relative to
the iron trade of Louisville which will serve
as an introduction, and we will proceed to Th
specify a few of the prominent dealers, whose a I
long standing and deserved success mark them abl
as representative men in this important de- a f
partment of trade:
Mears. W. B. Belknap & Co. have been so the
long identiled with the iron trade of Louis- and
ville as to require only a pasring notice. The
house is on a strong financial foundation, and froa
stands deservedly high in the estimation of day
perhaps as large a number of customers as any
house in the country. ing
Messrs. Tarwater, 8ayder & Rankins, im- the
porters and jobbers of hardware, are oneof the
most enteprising and thoroughly reliable tt
irms in Louisville. They are agents for the
sale of Diuston's circular and mill saws, patent I
perforated crosscut saws, Pieree's superior au- poil
ger bits, 8pruce's hand-cut lmes, Sycamore The
Powder Company, Howe's counter and plat. mez
form scale, Auborn Manufacturing Company poH
and Amerlean Screw Company. hon
John B. Thomas & Co., a well known and geni
popular Arm, are alsoim importers and jobbers frie
of hardware and cutlery, and agents for the tion
o l Scale Company and Parker's breach- Brei
0. J shotgun. win,
Gdler Co, successors to arvey, Roil
e .tesie ide being importers and edge
ns, ve agents 1or adware, cutlery and Miss
& Son's ard agets ho brated H. Burden since
nam & Co. and "Norway" Ir and .hoPut very
shoe nails. " orse
The trade of the above mentioned
extends West, South and Southwest, and th rrn
is not a town or city in those sections where m
their names are not familiar.
PLOWS AIND fARMING IMPLMIUTS. Co.
The city of Louisville is fast becoming fa- smil
mous as the seat of several of the largest the I
manufactorie of agricultural mcbinery in some
the Country. There is every reason why this thel
should be so. The cheapnes and superior ad a
quality of iron and coal would of itself be a jaw-i
sucoient reason for the congregation of a also
large number of iron manufactures, but when been
this fat is coupled with another equally im- of al
portant-that the mountains of Kentucky are thinl
rich in the production of the best quality of Sout]
white oak, which finds its natural market in their
Louisville.-the importance of that point for dealt
the manufacture of machinery into which tryd
Iron and oak enter uas the principal oompo. thee
ents, is quite well established. rare
The success of the Avery & Sons, the
iness Brinly, Miles & Hardy and the Meikle plow
companies are due to this fact as well as to
the enterprise and business capacity of the
jokes managers of these monster establishments. It
very is unnecessary to make invidious comparisons
pre- of these well known makers. One of them
that is the largest plow factory in the world, and
ition, they are all widely known in the vast extent
If of territory which is covered by their trade.
The Southwestern Agricultural Works are
extensively engaged in the manufacture of
de- farming machinery, and Messrs. McGill &
"tise- Truman. Hewett, Field & Co., C. Mercke
eply & Co., and Lewis, Gage & Co. are manufact
d a urers' agents for all the best implements
rarm known to the trade. The prices at which
these articles are sold are strictly in con
)ple; formity with manufacturers' prices, and
the there is nrthing in the line of farming
s of implements from a bulltongue to a threshing
only machine that is not found in their catalogues.
en- Twenty-five summers have come, bringing d
that their g·.lden harvests, since the McCormick
reaper issued from the workshop of that re
nowned inventor to astonish the muscular
hr, harvesters of Illinois. What a revolution in a
und grain growing has taken place since then I
1 in- Dozens of inventors have followed in his
peo- wake, but the grand principle upon which his
are reaper was patented remains unchanged; and
such is the mental activity and determination ti
roin not to be outstripped by later rivals, the Mc- J
Cormick reaper stands to-day at the head of t(
the list as a perfect working machine. It '"
would be interesting to trace the improve- k
" ments that have been made by this inventor tl
since the advent of his first reaper, but we w
ye have space only to mention the latest im- c(
provement. The self-binder, which in its S'
automatic action is so perfect as to entirely do th
away with the necessity for any additional C(
help, is a boon not only to the farmer, but to as
lB the busy housewife, whose recollections of fi
summer were not so much of new mown hay Ce
and birds and flowers as of weary, aching
bones when she retired late at night after a
day's cooking for a dozen stalwart harvest an
hands. &
ity Since the first advent of .,eamboats upon sil
the Western waters,Louisville has been known is,
as one of the most important points for steam- an
boat building, and to-day the Howard ship is
zes yards are known along all the tributaries of de
ers, the majestic Mississippi where the symmetrical an
th- prows of their magnificent floating palaces arn
ng plow through the waters sot
088
From lands of snow to lands of sun.
The boilers, upon which so much of the the
b safety of these boats and their precious freight th
in' depends, are made by Joseph Mitchell, whose tril
reputation for this kind of work is so wide as cot
to render him almost without competition.
ty In stove manufacture there are three large r
f foundries, one of which, Messrs. Bridgeford re
& Co., are manufacturers of the celebrated gel
American Range, which in its perfect adapta
m tion to the culinary department is without the
doubt the best' cooking stove in the world. mu
Such is the demand for this chef d'ceuvre of yes
ranges that a large portion of the force of Son
this great foundry is kept at work at certain and
m seasons of the year to supply the constantly goo
1- increasing demand. Messrs. Bridgeford & put
Co. are also manufacturers of many other coal be I
and wood stoves for heating and cooking
r purposes, and sole Southern agents for the dea
Scelebrated Garland, an anthracite stove-the enti
most beautiful and perfect working base ma
Sburner in the market. in t
VON BORRIE & CO. gro.
n Von Borries & Co. have imported for the celli
fall trade a remarkably full stock of all varie
ties of cloths for men's wear. Tailors can T
here select styles of English, French and thes
American goods which must please the most in tl
e fastidious of their customers when made up. for
SThis house supplies the South and West with you
a large portion of the best and most service
n able cloth go'ds used in those sections. It is T)
Sa firm of very high character. in fa
F. Jaeger & Co. have at the present time o0r
Sthe largest and most complete stock of chins of ai
and glassware ever brought to this market.
e It is not liable to remain here long, judging TI
Sfrom the quantity of crates they ship every man
,(day. They have got the pull on the queens. Flor
ware trade of the Southwest and South, judg. side
ing from present indications. Dealers all over "Keu
the country will find the house of F. Jaeger and 4
& Co. always with the best and latest designs, tiona
at the lowest possible figures.
SWHOLEBALE GROCURS. Tl
SLouisville has become a varust distributing Soutl
point for groceries and provisions of all kinds P"
The firms engaged in this important depart- housE
ment of trade in the city of Louisvillearecom- excel
posed of gentlemen of marked enterprise and low F
honor, who are happily endowed with that copy
genial bon homme which makes a customer a the ",
friend for life. It is only necessary to men.
tion such houses as Wheat & Durfi, Moore, Fo:
Bremaker & Co, Jackson, Loving & McGood- the b
win, and Carson, Bowman & Co., Stege & under
Reiling, to have them recognised as acknowl- up to
edged leaders in the grocery trade of the
Mississippi Valley. The trafie of these houses Toi
since the abelement of the epidemic has been of M
very large indeed. buildi
KAY, rLTCHER & CO. propr
"Where does all this wide variety of no
tions and furnishing goods come from ?" in- quant
uired an astonished stranger, as he contem.
d with intense curiosity the immense Th
S the warehouse of Kaye, Fletcher & and f
C. - ',, said one of the Arm, with a quiet much
smile, "I d nk you can name a land on buyen
thefaeof t he that has not contributed
something to our t. Work fr quanti
the East Indies, Persia, I Holland, Fran s an
and a score of small Duchie urope with
jaw-breaking names, is here. En an Thh
also the United States, of late yearI.)d trade
been making vast strides in the manuhfate of the
of all sorts of notions. This afirm does the usne
thinking for h4pdreds of firms all through the r
South, in this special department of trade, ad They
their reputation for integrity and honorable and in
dealing is so widely acknowledged, that coun. stok
try dealers unhesitatingly buy their stock on
the educated judgment of the Arm. Thisisis a when
rare tribute to their high harer, but it a .
ns, the fully merited. This firm stands at the head of
e plow the trade in their line in the city of Louis
ll as to ille.
of the LOUINVILLE WHITE LEAD.
mts. It Louisville white lead enjoys a reputation
arisons for purity which is phenomenal in the white
them lead trade of the country. To instance the
Id, and fact, large corporations owning iron bridges
extent which they desire to give the best possible pro
rade. tection from the elements, always use Louis
*ks are ville white lead for the paint, or rather red
ure of lead, which is merely white lead burned. This
Jill & is a strong tribute to the honorable dealing of
tereke Louisville's two great white lead companies
iufact- the American White Lead Company and the
rments Kentucky Lead and Oil Company. The man
which agement of these two great concerns is in the
con- hands of gentlemen of exceptional integrity
and and high character.
rming W. T. PYNE & BRO.
ashing This concern, with its enlarged manufactu
ogues. ring facilities, shows what pluck and work can
nging do for a business. This firm is rapidly climb.
rmick ing to the front rank as millwrights in the
Iat re- trade of the South and West. They furnish
scular mills, build factories and mills, and supply
ion in all needed machinery for them when built.
then I The energy and honesty of W. T. Pyne &
n his Bro. are widely recognized.
bh his MUSSELMAN & CO.
1; and Louisville h.:s a wide fame as the great
ation tobacco mart of the world, and the firm of
SM.- usselman & Co. has aided very mater;ally
ad of to produce this result. Their facilities for the
3It manufacture of leaf tobacco into all the forms
rove- known to commerce can not be excelled, and
entor they have numerous appliances of their own
it we which give to their tobaccos a flavor and ex
im- cellence seldom found. Dealers all over the
n its South will find it to their interest to obtain
ly do the goods of Musselman & Co. Their tobac
ional cos give increased satisfaction to consumers,
ut to and largely advanced profit to dealers. This
ns of firm employs two hundred hands, and has a
hay capacity of forty thousand pounds per week.
thing J. T. GATHRIGHT & CO.
tor a It is safe to say that in the matter of saddlery
rvest and harness the great house of J. T. Gathright A
& Co. stands practically without a superior
upon either in the South or country at large-that
town is, when you consider the general adaptability C
eam- and effectiveness of their goods. This house S
ship is swift to grasp any new invention that is a
e of demonstrated improvement over old processes,
rical and all through the great South their goods or
laces are esteemed as being beyond all question
sound and reliable. The business of the firm
is constantly increasing, which goes to show
the that solid merit is certain to be appreciated in
ight the long run. Mr. J. T. Gathright has con
hose tributed many valuable inventions for the
cB omfort and convenience of horsemen and
horses. Mr. J. T. Gathright's new saddle,
which is illustrated by a cut in this paper, has
rord received the warmest commendations of S
gentlemen riders, and is meeting with a large
sale.
pta- MRS. EMILY TRIPP,
tout the successor of Louis Tripp, who was in the
rid. music business in Louisville for a great many C
of years, is agent for the celebrated Decker & h
of Son's pianos, and other popular instruments,
a and keeps a general assortment of musieal U
Itly goods, sheet music and all of the late musical
publications. Orders sent to Mrs. Tripp will
moal be promptly filled.
D. H. BALDWIN & CO.,
the dealers in pianos and organs, is one of the most Fi
the enterprising houses in Louisville. They have
se made themselves well and favorably known
in this city, and have established a large and
growing trade by their enterprise and the ex.
the cellenee of their instruments.
le WAR, & BURKS.
an The Commercial College presided over by
nd these gentlemen is one of the most complete
ost in this country. They have ample facilities
up. for giving a thorough business education to SU
ith young men.
C WILLIAM POUTCH. Mo
5 This gentleman leads the city of Louisville ma
in fancy engraving. His wedding cards, mon- 1
me ograms, stationary, ete., are executed in a style
as of art that is classic in its elegant simplicity. BI
et. BARCLAY'S BELLB.
ag Their tuneful musio has been heard for get
ry many long years, from the everglades of whi
s- Florida to the broad stretches of prairie by the gan
g. side of the Red river of the North. The ad
er "Kentucky Bell" is probably the best sheep
pr and cow bell in the world-its fame is na. shot
is, tional. yo
WM. SKENE & CO. Pri
The development of the oil trade of the
Southern country is due in a very large de. B
f gree to the enterprise and intelligence of this
Shouse. They have facilities which can not be
. excelled for supplying the very best oils at
dlow prices. Dealers are advised to send for a
t copy of their new and attractive paper, called B
the "Journal of Light."
I BARBNES & BRO.
e, For all kinds of jewelry and spectacles of
the best quality go to O. P. Barnes & Bro.,
under the Louisville Hotel. This concern is
- up to the times in style and price of goods.
ie J. G. MATHiERs.
S Tower Hall is the most prominent feature
a of Market street. It is fitly so, for only a
building of palatial proportions would be ap
propriate to display the gorgeous styles of
carpeting which are handled in such immense
quantities by J. OG. Mathers.
eWANN a SNODDY.
The wide variety of the styles of hats, caps em
and furs handled by this house hu attracted plicit
much attention on the part of out of town tors
buyers. This house handles straw goods, poseI
Sladies' trimmed hats, gloves, etc., in large p
quantities. This firm has anionorable record c
as an upright business house.
M'CORD, BOOMER & CO.
This house is a recognised power in the hat
trade of the South aid West. The resources
of the firm are large, their knowledge of the
B usiness in, all its details is perfect, and the
· rek ility of the house is above all question. is
1 They e the fullest confidence of a large
and incr~t number of customers. Their T
stoclk of hrim , gloves, umbrellas and
adies' trimmed b l something immense,
whern judged by o.h q, wholesale stand
[Continued on 'hird )age.]
Sad of tr-Correspondents would confer a favor
upon the advertisers by mentioning that
Louis- they saw the advertisement in this paper.
white The "Eveing Post,"
e the LOUISVILLE, KY.
idges
Eo- ENLARGED& IMPROVED
red '"IllE EV"ENINI; t'l) I'.JPANY is. pleased to
anlnoul n theil ir;:l mtttlit of tile paper with
This the hie. i juii; t i tuntmn.
rg of It it the only :dailty paper in the city inlmpelent
ies- tone and fearl,~-s in its fair treatment of till
quy tions of nubli,, interest and import:inrc.
the T l'Po will cn!liiiltt to re.-ognizc the fact that
man- the whole clunl ry is interetet in tho restoration of
n the Soiithrn ipr-ci rity through the exertion of the
rity Southern peopc!'.
It will fiavor lbonst iioney. ii t revenue tariff.:nd
a closer union of the SM.tts. It will defend ht,
c-ty. solvency. tn l property tigain.t:t the astlllt, itf
ietu , derEa le·' :iandi aill not be di-turhoeld in its .he
Can Is, of the interest: of the euntr by bany appeal.
to .pa ,ion. lrijudtice. or ignorance.
mb- I ili reports olf proe lings iin State andI Fedetral
the e,tarts are givten ealh blv.
nib lh irket reporti, ca-etflly cornlvilel, are reportted
l: ily frain all ceutral points of trade.
u Terms of Subscription.
By mail, per annum - $00
By mail, six months - - - 3 00
By mail, one month - - - 50
t John Bennett. D. P. Bennett.
n of J. & D. P. BENNETT,
ally .Manufacturer- of
th Parlor Furniture and Mattresses
and of Every Description.
ex- 107 Market St., between Third and Fourth,
the Louisville, Ky.
lain -
'his
sa Kenda pliid 18 karat Gold Lngagsment or Wedding
5I Ringby mall latoes rtsk)tcanyaddrsss on receipt etprlce.
ek. ries var sr ordliung to ilse and width at V.$ 6. $,8 $10. 51
Linger you desire fitted with a narrow piece of aper . We
engrave any name, motto or date free of charge. oy m
be sent safely In registered letter. DABh 150., Jewe
,ery 2t4 Main aL, Lelsaviui, Ky.
ght A. T. Gilmore. W. W. Hite. Sam'l Ouerbacker.
hat GILMORE, HITE & CO.,
ity Dealers in Steamboat and Railroad Supplies,
Cordage, Twines Oakum, etc., all kinds of duck.
use Sole agents for Downer's mineral sperm oil. (300
fire test)andHlarcourt's patent iron-stra -ned blocks.
No. 2 Fourth Street, bet.Main and Hiver.
les, LOUISVILLE. KY.
Tarpaulino, Awnings and Horse covers made to
ds order on short notice.
ion
3. F. FITC
in Importers and Dealers in
n- LADIES' AND GENT'S
sFURNISHING OODIS
of Silks, Mourning Goods,
ge Fancy Dress Goods, Crapes,
Cloak Suits, Shawls,
he
: SEAL SACQUES,
A A SPECIALTY.
al Laces,
ml Embroideries,
ill White Goods,
Table Linens,
Towels,
at Fancy Goods, Napkins,
re Toilet Articles,
SPerfumery, Powders,
Soaps, Fans,
Kid Gloves,
Handkerchiefs,
s Hosiery ~ Underwear
SReady-made Suits,
a Suits made to order at Short Notice
Special attention given to Wedding Trosseau and
Mourning Outfits. None but competent lDress
makers employed.
- 170&o 172 Fourth Ave.
BELLA MANO GLOVES
Cure chapped hands, prevent hands from
r getting rough, and may be worn at night or
r while at work about the house, and are ele
Sgant street gloves. They are just what every
lady who has any pride in
BEAUTIFUL HANDS
should have. Give size one size larger than
your size of kid glove. E. L
Price, $1 per pair. Sent by mail on
receipt of price.
B. F. FITC EI,
Louisville, Ky.
BRYANT & sTRAITON
BUSINESS COLLEGE,
lo. 8o MAlW sTIRM H'I
THIS LIGHVNING AGE
anThosraUh, Praccutiral rhtool, kfoSrced by
Bpr iiness e, te
ee Iper ot full particular, and will be nd
Mraand
Weas & BUcReS, Proprietors.
Sstty ei, [Established 1848J hoo p .Po
tiallemen ofu bu r seducation, Thepropri- (St
pose to satisfy it. The course of study is briefly
perfect system of actual business transachtons. Our
college paper contains fuBell which particulars, and chillbe
sent gree to a ddreduced sPrices. .atisfaction
ow .ll [Established W 8 Shno ektr r,
Cor. 4th &r Market Sta.. Loolsville. Ky,
favor JOHIN L. WHE \T. J'IIN R. D[T F.
that WVEAT & DTJRUFFI
, Wholesale Grocers, Commission Merchants,
I. And Agents Frankfort Cotton Mills,
No. 231 Main Street, Louisville, Ky.
I'onstantly on hand a full linlle of Coffees, Sugars. Syrups. Molasses, Spices. TeaI. ' iar. Tl oa.
Cordage, Woodcllvwllre, Powder. Shot. Canned Goods, Nails, and all other artiile. usuall ,i
wholesale gro .ers
sed to SPECIAL ATTENTION TO FILLING ORDERS,
tith by mail or express; also to the sale of country produce, as Feathers. ;inse!g. WoI. FJ1 r. ,is their
season), etc. Produce price li-i t when requested. The Frankfort Cotton barn . lor which a.. are
nlent agents, areconsidered the best in the market, and wherever introduced they largiy lke tkthe p .c of
of all all other brands.
CITES. JACKSON. II. V. LOVING. ,10HON LOVINt. J. J1. Me(iOODpWIN
J ACKSON, LOVING & McGOODWIN
Wholesale Grocers and Commission Merchants,
a, 217 MAIN STREET, BET. SIXTH AND SEVENTH,
Or' Opposite Louisville Hotel, LOUISVILLE, KY.
in. The Great Dry Goods House of the South
100
100
$, BARZ88 & CO.,
oett. 109 and 111 Fourth Avenue, Louisville, Kentucky.
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.
;ýý Ladies Colored Dress Goods, in great variety, from to cents per yard up.
Black Cashmeres and Black Bombazines. Mourning Goods of all kinds.
Laces, Trimmings, Handkerchiefs, and Edgings, Hosiery, Underwear, and Gloves,
Brown and Bleached Cottons, Prints, &c.
rth, The Largest Line and Greatest Variety of any House in the South.
- PRICES UNIFORMLY LOW
I Particular attention given to making up Bridal Outfits, or furnishing the goods. Special
induoements offered to persons living out of the city to order their goods from us.
Persons ordering samples will always receive them by return mail. with price cper yard and width
marked on. In ordering be careful to return samples, so that no mistake may occur Paikagem not
weighing over four pounds can be sent through the mail with safety by registering them. We make a
, specialty of Ladies Cloaks, Plaii Cloth, and Mattelasse Cloaks of all sizes. In ordering, give size
e around bust and length of arm. In this way a fit can be secured. Cloaks vary in price from 3.50, .
!7 $.00, $61.OO, 87.00, up to 310.00.
SHAWLS OF ALL KINDS AND GREAT VARIETY.
er. We solicit a call when visiting the city. or your orders when sending to the city for anything in our
line. Our Prices Always the Lowest.
e NEW YORE STORE
FOURTH AVENUE.
to W.B.BELKNAP& CO:
MANUFACTURERS AND JOBBERS
Bar, Hoop and Sheet Iron.
Steel Metals and Nails.
Railroad and Boat Spikes.
W. 8. Belknap Wagon and Carriage Supplies.
& Co, Farm and Plantation Supplies.
Depot for Heavy Hardware and Plow Material.
GENERAL AGENTS
BURDEN'S H. Burden & Sons' Boiler Rivets.
Horse ai1 Mule Hussey, Binns & Co.'s Shovels, Scoops
and Spades.
SHOES. Miller, Metcalf & Parkins' Crescent
8, Jobbers in Cast Steel.
Horse Nails J. Painter & Sons' Hoop & Band Iron.
Eagle Anvil and Vise Works.
Cleveland Spring Company.
Standard Nut Company.
LOUISVILLE, KY.
New Catalogue just out.
TPhomas ~Leikl.1e , Co.
LOUISVILLE, KY.
mufacturers of most approved patterns of
STEL AND CAST PLOWS.
Finished Steel Plow
Shapes, Southern
Patterne, Patent
Wrought Iron Clev
ises. We call spec
ial attention to our
new and improved
r Sulky Plow
e& Cultivator
,a Combined.
T. J. McCOY, President. T.H. McCOY, Seeretary.
"We Guarantee our Lead."
-OFFICE OF
aXZZLZOLN WZZTZ LID OOxhPa.w,
COIRODERS OF WEIITE LEAD
LOUIBVILLE, ky.
We call your attention to our well known brand
T. Ji, McCoy & Sons' Guaranteed Strictly Pure American White Lead.
J. A. CARTER. J.O. CARTER. J.C. BETHEL.
E. L. CARTER. W.B. CARSON. J. A. FORLIN,.
CARTER BROTHERS & CO.,
(Successors to Carter, Fisher & Co., and Oarvin, Bell & Co.)
IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS IN BTAPLE AND FANCY
DRY G00ODS AND NOTIONS.
Noe. 290, 281 and 288 West Main 8treet. LOUISVILLE, KY.
iA. . . . . . . . . .
$10 SILVER AMERICAN
Hunting-Case Watch.
"ILLUSTRATED"
and Price List of Jewelry sent free. OTIS W. 8YDU,
Manufacturing Jeweler, 18 Fourth Street,
LOUISVILLE, KY.
Old Reliable House-Established 1853.
DICKINSON FURNITURE MF'G CO.
(JOHN A. DICKINSON, President.)
FURNITURE. CHAIRS,
Mattrasses and Bedding. Best and most popular
styles ofsta le furniture. Balesroom 78 and 80
Sixth St., Between Market and Main,
(Steam Factory. Nos.265, 247 and 269 JAcon St.,)
LOUISVILLE, KY.
Special attention to orders and freight contracts.
4.D.BARNUM
(Late Krrs & WnRes.)
JEWELER 112 Fourth Ave
.Lonuisville, Ky
Is in receipt of an entire New
Stock of WATCHES and DIA.
MONDS JEWELRY SILVER
and SILVER PLATED Ware,
CLOCKS AND BRONZES, to
which your attention is in.
vited. PRICES AND QUAL
ITY fully guaranteed. Will
send Goods on approv
al, for selection.
sErr1 |PLANTS, BULBS,
IEEUO! wTrees, Shrubs, etc.
S............... end for an Illus
trated Catalogue to
NANZ & NEUNER,
192 Fourth St., Louisville, Ky.
J WE'LL BEDDO,
MANUFACTURING
140 Fourth Street, LOUISVILLE, KY.
AN IMPORTANT ITEM
In the outlay of every household is
It is therefore the interest of every housewife tA
consider where she will get the best value for her
money. JAS. F. WHITE & CO.
104 Market St. - - LOUISVILLE, KY.
Recognizindg this fact, will offeron Monday Novem
ber 1A, an following days. EXTRAORDIN~ltY
BARWAINS in every department.
STEGE & REILING,
SHOLESALE GROCERS
Provision and Liquor Merchants.
107 and 109 Main;St., bet. Third
and Fourth,
Louisville, Ky.