-. m a g m A .t - . a g . & & ..... . . ..
,.-c geopoe' , -indiator. lAKl pl
S Advertising iIatei s. li 1 . ' |t
* J i osf. t
I sqnare... . 4 ,I $, ' WI $15 * 0 1i 0il it ii
2 square ..' 7 Io 1 5 n ,o Ill th. . ,'
s square'es. .. 7 liti 11 .l ll :1.1 iIlf is ...
4 squlare " ""s"...1 1' Il "' II'.ETL WELFA182 OF" TIlI PlOlLE 1S TIlE SUPREME LAW. , , i .
Sqa a s . Ir 1 + I I I I 4 g a e u 7 1 o H \ J L ' R 1 U " ' C { 'T;J [ L ; I H I I E I J 1 t '
" n0quarel... 5,11 3 ;1 1111 ;i l ll .5i7 1 u lay nll - - - - -- -10" . l'................ .
3 4l l, fill 1111 1111 1111 Official Organ of the White Citizens of Red River, Sabine, Winn and Natchitoches Parishes.
o square 4... e..ll) 0 n 1q11 011... .... . 1500O1 1it 1ll ll li. I ii l l .. . . l  v
30 irna k"ier. f.rM)f"l't"I EahSI" "". V Ii III NlOranofEh If , ,(-,,,,-,, EL A Y 1 1 1 7 pN, 9 ' ,, ;, ,,
qlent in1ertlin 1'. rIntl per lare. V OL I km I.IniI IM .I N T( (2m m LA.. H AR 10. S
MAII_. S.
ARuIVAL8 AN I)DEI.I{TU1 RFS.
Alexandria to Natchitoclles.
Arrit'als. Departurc.
tnesdhlay 4 p. n. 'r'irday 9 a. ti.
Friday 4 p. in. ,aturday 9 a. tn.
Sunday 4 p. o. Monday 9 ,±. ,.
Natchitoches to Shreveport.
!'nesday 9 a. nt. Tu,,day 9 a. m.
Thursday 9 :a. it 'T'hnr'day 9 a. to.
aturday 9 a ii. Nit inlay 9 a. in.
Natclittlche. to 'Fcexai.
'$'uesday 6 trp . rii ' " 7
Maturtday 6 p. Ii. . I 7 a. u.
Natchlitfechlo to Mllilden.
stledayv p. i IVednrsday 7 a. II
t'riday 6 p. ni. Saturday 7 I. In.
Natclhitoches to \Yinlfield.
Tuesday 12 in. Trtt.day 1 p. in.
r'riday 12 in, Friday I p. in.
ALL. MAI.S CLOSE .AT 8 A. M.
Office lhours-from 7 A. M. to 12 M.
And from 2 P M1 to 6 P M.
W. D. ITAitKIrs.
Post Master.
Professional Cards,
W. II. JACK. 1). PIERSON
JTaols cu e Piorson.
Attorncey. and Counselors at Latce
NA'TCIIITOCHIES, ILA.
WII, I practir in thn C'mrts of Natchitnoeh s.
aW ',inu,, th).Ito, Red River, Winn, Rpidv,
and Grlnt, and in the tsupreme C:iurt it' the
state. ('9:i n14 promptly attncdhd tb .
March 25-iv.
P. A. MOR.~. C. F. uI) .Nc'.T.
MORSE & DRANGUET,
Attorneys at Lawc.
Office on Second Strret,
March 25-Iy. Natchitoeltes, La.
Y. J. Canningham. T. P. Jhaplin.
.. H. Cunninghnam.
Cunningham, Chaplin &
Cunningham.
BAorneys and ('itunselors at Lawc,
St. Denis St., Natchitoeches, La.
TILLl practice in the conrts t o Rap
idl's, Grant. Winn, Slhine. h80oto,
Red River and N,ttchitieh's, and the
Suprremo Court of the State.
Claime promptly attirh.l to in ani
part of the Union, Mharlh 25-1y
Business Cards.
O. A. IIULLAIDI). N. II. ('AMPi'IELL
Btillat'd & (C:mpl)bell,
-UDEAI.FILt' IN
DRY GOODS,
GROCE lIEa,
IIAR I)WARE,
And Genetai Merchandise.
C(Ortler FRONT & LAFAYETrT Street,
XNatchitoches, La.
HIGHRST cash price paid for eltton ild
country produce ill calsh or merchandise.
March 25 -ly.
Tohin 0. Triohel
(Walnaley'e Brick Building,)
Washington Street, Natchitoches, La,
Wholesale and Retail Dealer in
Dry Goods, Groceries,
HA rS,
CAPS,
SIIOES,
and General MERCHANDIISE
W Highest price pajid for Cotton and
Other Country produce, in Cash or Mer
ehandnae,
March 5.-1'.
'heo. Sohumain,
-DEALER IN
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES, and
GENERAL MERCHANDISE
Cor. FRONT and SI'. DENIS Streets
March . tchitochos, La.
March 25-ly.
Zeter Veeuleman,
-DEALER IN
iFAMIL Y GROCER1Eo
Aflail sassortment of WAUArPAP:R con
etantly on hand.
- 4,oal indtueements to CasH Customers.
WASHIlNGTON STREET,
March 25-1y. Natchitoches, La.
Earrc s Ja-fy,
Front Street, Natchitoches, La.
-dealer In
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES,
HARDWERE,
AND GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
t' Speeal inducement offered to Caash Cue.
trs. Marc. 5.-lv.
-dealer is
P'Itor BSramr, Natchitoches, La.
, SBhattrath,
Boot and Shoe Maker.
bIIALLENGES the world for neatness
V andarability of work. .atisfacti ",
and material guaranteed
Sho n St. 8 Denis St.8
(Caspari & Dielrich,
t(1 r ',ite B uib lin)
F1RONT St., NAT(I'H'I'TO('IHES, La.
_ .It
CRANDI opining of a NEW )IAMMIOT11
SPRING and SI7MMEI-E STOCK, C
1oirect from ths New rlra()l a r ull En'.''ir trar.
k. t ,.,,oni.t';L: inI'pn t ,f
ITATS,
IHARI)
WAIE, &c .&i.
LA)iES \AM,) GENTS'
FURNISIING (GO)ODS.
InI tact,
A full line ,f t;GOOID ti r thl , i' ltt trade
1:ILE.ANS P:Hl 'ES
FOR C( S . ,
i'allta d examit'nei tl lair.g 't i"l nult coin
,lp t,,toc, k (,ver lbr iu:ht t,, th l, marIl' t, and
try pro llne, ifn c:lsh or nircriha nltisne.
aarch 2L--ty.
J A.S. T. iIBJ.L ,
WATCHMAKER
S -- AN )
J4 ewoer.
Wcaitches, ClohcIk, antd .ew
,lhy c;refully repaired ald warranted.
Standard T'I E Kept C
and Watches set and regulated correct
\ly, freet of ciltharge.
A utie lot of \VATCIIIES anud CLOCKS
for eahe cheap.
(()lhe on St. I ,eint st , bet w:enl 2d1 & 3d.)
Feb. 3-ly.
HARRY PERCY
PARISH SURVEYOR
- AN º
Giiei('tI Liind Age Il.
LL, attend to all snrvevsin Natchi
oe t 1.9hes parish, also , tt,' lnd to tl¢e ,i
tries of lan)d at Natchltct.hes, N.VW Or
leans tad Washington, D. C.
RtItEIS, WITHI IPEMISStI)N 1'(
Hon. Win. 3[. Levy, Natchito(ches, La.
Jlack & Pierson, Attorucevs at l:aw.
L. I),pleix, Register of tie Land Otfice. I
A.E. L.ecee, 'e'ce-i vet oft he Laud Olice to
hon. IJtlge C. Chaplin,
C. L. Wailusley & Co., New Orleans. the
All hIlsiness intrnsted to me will e , (i
promptly attended to.
Office: at the LAND OFFICE, in)
Nil
NArc'ICToCioErs, La. t'
- of
tet
of
5fsotos 59
Theo. HEaller,
Coper, Tin and Sheet-iron worker.
-DEALER IN
Stoves, Tinw'are and House Furnishing
GOODS,
Washington St.,.......n. ateitothes, La
tole agent for the Unrivalled
BUTCK'S BRI LLIANT
Cloolsin g Stoves.
Gutters, Pipes, Metalic rootin g and al
kinds repls ting, done with dispatch.
A iberal i <'nut to country trade.
March 25-1y
Boarding House.
L. I. BURDICK, Proprietor.
(Corner FRONT and TOULINE Sta.)
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
EVERYTHING NEW.
ROOMS ELEGANTLY FURNISHED.
The only First-Class Honse in the ciiy ;
in fact the only house where transient
travelers can be accolmnodated.
Tables supplied with the best the mar
kets afford.
Attentive waiters and the comfort of
guests in every particular guaranteed.
Haeks run in connection with this
this house.
TERNS MODERATE.
Files of daily papers will be found in
the ofw
Oscar Chopii-;
COTT'ON FAC'I'TOR
-- NDS
COMMISSION MERCH'ANT,
No 65 (AIO)NII'1DET S'T,
I .July I -1 NL 1V ( )11],eti .
C. I.. \ALMISLE & CO,
(OTTON F.('TOtS
C XE liL, fII))lJ I!,.)' ,!l ii. , ll ,TS.
lPerdido i ., t (Nrh4LtauI . la.
St. I)Denis Strcet, tNatchlitllues. lL:.
WIJ, PA l'NIc:, Proprietor. !i:r
1(" lOII .; w ine., LiquI rs ad ('i.ar'
I, he drinik. anti at tent ic'u r-tIlalulte ; t
I - I
DANIEL PRATT'S IMPRiVE]D
COTTON GIN.
PATENTE-) JULY 1 i l.
IllICE HEI)I'('EI)
TO $4 50 PER SAVW.
rTIIs GIN has been in use for the past
i tilree se1,sonlls,:and several recent iun
Il,,'e ln ,nt lIiave hbee. -added. It obvi
S ate, a1l 1 1t'ic1il at tee s of thi cnls lo the cotton
box, pirteveits the roll fromi braking, and
gives 'i LA|GE(Ri' YHIT) I)F LINT trouui
ithe lsal iiuloIunt of Seed tani an"V othltir
(in in use. 'lThe lvolviiz lead light
ens the draft and cmuses the Gin to rnll
faster S wi ll 1s driving piower, thulls do
inlg a great deal tool- work within thel
N I1me time, while economizing stean or
aniimal poi wer, than any other Gin. The
seled liillng ginlled velry' close, the lenllgth
of taie stapled is iicreaell , pliill(neing cot
ton onl this amouioneit oft a greater market
Saloe. This, inmprovedl value, given byv
lenigth of staple, with extra .prodnetion
of lint. add-ued to increasedl amollunt lof
we k done, more than covers the (cost
of the (:in in every 10t hales giiled.
Testimonlials stenit by miail on appliheation.
JOS. IB. WOLFE & CO.,
GENERAL AGENTS,
59........('AR(NI)ELET ST........5
NEW ORIILEANS, LA.
C. L. WALMSLEY, Agent,
August 12 V.IT('HITOCIES, LA.
HlENRY GENIUS.
Worker in Tin, Copper and
SlHEET IRON.
Corner Front and Trudeaut Streets,
NATCIIITOCIIES, IA\.
Wholesale and Retail dealer in all kinilds of
HEATING AND COOKING STOVES
and sole agent for the celebated champion
CHAiRTER OAK
cooking stove. All stoves sold at man
ifacturer's prices with freight added.
Mannfacturerof plain and fancy Tin
Ware Metallic rooting, etc., etc.
A large and select stock of Tin Ware
and House Furnishing good on hand.
GUTTIERING, ROOFING, nud all man
ner of Job, Tin and plumbers work exc- i
crted wiith dispatek
IMPORTANT DECISION. tI
In the Case of Charls Lafite vs. p
Morgan Morgans. Io
I',lie'' 41r . r 's Prohi, iu d fr,1mi Ler!i'!Ut
a Ta.s jr A.!n Ay i'Pri.sh l'Prpo.s ti
,'hich Shall F..rr'ild ne' ll drild 'tl
I er ('entinm ,of the late T't.r tr r c
I,7; - ' lh' State 'l.r is Onaly 1' o"
M.ills oi tl' I+alh'r. ",
in the cae of ('hales litte vs. #
, lrgni Mlrgains, t:ax collectlor, which
\as 'befor'e the ,Sullpl(le Cou'rt on ane;i
appeal from the coult of the parish
of t. Cihailes, (hief Justice M ian
iting read yesterday thte iollohing
atles and important decision :
The tax coll'crtor of the parish of
iloplalty it til' l. u';"1til' to enifnc, p
the ptayment ti ' the itt lli.h t 1, " t
I1i, assessed upon lt l ineil fs li roll. t
s(t" 11 t tile lrlltie of t fo rti l a( i alt i
half'mil- on the doll:l, when plain
s asstssmeut of fot'r mills on the dollar,ii
's equal to that levied filr the general d
t expelises of the State Goverlnent
and tihe school tax, and ejoin iid ithe
tcollection of the residue upon various t
grounds, of which he irst is hat the i a
iiiee juries of the parishes are pro- I
hibited fromn levt ling a taix totr any t
tiax f' rtiii th i tt t' , uln that the i';ate
tax vwas only four mill: on the dollar.
The lat w upO which the pi t s i llil illt
reli cs to sl lpott that i d' 1 in
,Iijunction is tlhe p lhihition contained
in the following section of the acli of i
1721: "-Nor [hall the police jury of
any parish levy a tax for any la,;ish
pllr'pose except to pay indebtedness t)
incurred prior to ihl a p.,soat e of this
iact, d(ri-'ti anly year which sh:ill ex
w'I l ione \ llded ptler elluttl of the o
Staite tax for that year, ut tless Sl Ih
excess, i hether levied h y villatle,
city or partochial authoritiest , shall
- first he; sat 'tione.d bly a vrte o'a ,
s smaolity of the t oters of staid villanc,
city et parish at an etlection held for
that iº lrptiue." Aets of 1`7 , p. 56.
f:titit ti r Iiiiilic fulrci th.' Acts it
gtueridC tha ausetsineli tat yeart
it is enacted that "an actual ad. val- ,
oreuº tax ,f it, or mills on each dollar
of the al attin fior each eatr of all I
the renal a l p,,tsonal property it the
State sniljet to l; xatiax on sc l ill be as
sessed, levied rand collected in s lt'r -
irent miony for thip pse pt u ose ot s1p
pol ting the (ov,'erm, t of the State,i
of payin, the public d iebt and of pro
moting the public inter test." Acts of
i i 1, p' tit!. i
i- '1 s ec l lI t i' lenied th( g t , h .et is
is.simtt .t " t f ih Iat1i mills on the dollar
h" the Police July was in contraven
tion of that law. inastncnh as that
was te sut of total of thae tat:es S
lor that year, and prIayed a dissolu
tino of the injauciiiio with 1l l per 'n
cent. upon the tax'les enjoined as dan
ages. The jldgment was in his favor ,
and in accordancet with that lprayetr.
The tax of fout, mills on the dollar
is for tie purpolse of supporting thef
Governmelint of the State, of paying
thee public debt and promoting the "
piS blic interest. Othertaxes are im
posed under athotlity of special laws
i- for special tiitise's, e. g., one to prot
n telt the lands froil overflotw by the
I construction and repair of levees, n
other for the supiport of the public
stihoole ii, third to pay the inter-u
iiest ofii i t hle ,ublic debt, etc., a nr
t. these cannot e I diver ted fromi the
axpurpose to hich thoe have severally f
i'been ensecrat d. If lhe tax t f fei r
w mills on the dollar is deemed sudli
cient to defrayo t the expenses of the
Sistate Go tilel s iil' , tit nliluy rlelsO
quate to the suplo' t of the parish
goeti'le r elnt, i llid lt t inthe restrictto
t imposed by the act of 1087h was io i
ite'ed to "e imeasured by the rati ae of
taxation authlized each year for the i
Governient of the State. t
stru ction of statutes isb that inq irye
Smust be ladei of the mishief to be c
tie which t itnvpel led thue Legislatre
to enact the new law. Blackisto ne
says : "The most uiversal and ef-t
fectual way f discovering t he Iart ti
mening of a law, when the Itords
are dubious, ies by etsidering the e
reason l and spirit of it, or thie cause
e which moved thle Legislature to en
actt it."-I, aon., 61, loit a t. ti
It is a part oft the public history ofi i
ineriately ipneceding the eni etmen
isof the statut e we are considering, thei
orfchiad athori tis of l lt y partishe It
ets had ade lavish and wanito ex- ht
penditures, ud that plteically stheir
ouer tha i tae(1 t ie legisliitred o
in their o un opiniio. It was exer ,
enact this act restricting their power
within specitieti limits.
The defenldant insists tha; all of
the taxes levied by authority of thea
interest tax, the tax for the State Gov-y.
ertnment, etc., are but one tax. This
theory is necessary to stlstatu hits ar
gunient, that the expression, "'State
tax." used in the statute, means all
the State taxes ; lint the fact is other.
wi'uise. The tax of fintr mills on the
odlhou'lr for the expenses of tlhe State
(;overtlnmett is iipiised by the act of
n 16li ; that for the pnvment of the in
terest on the pihlitc debt by an act of
!74 (acts, p. 3d) ; and that for the
cutstrnctiion of levees by a later act 1
uu- of the same year (idem, p 95).
The view uve have taken of the
mmea'ning of the statute of 1872 is cot
firmed by oiher acts of the Legisha
ture. In 1870 it was enacted that
e neither police jurors nor other parish
iauhorities shlll nuako appropriaitions
o0 expenditures for the puupose of
ninaking or tepairing piiblic roads or
bridges until provisions or expendi.
uires hall have hbon Imade, by l'evy- f
intg a special tax on all the (eal and v
u*prsoual propelrty in the pa:rish, :and '
i;4ymlni'nt shall lnit hle mtade out of any
other fnd. Arts 1 71), ]7. - .
So again '"'1 he electors of a dii
trict \when leally as'mhhled shall 11
have power to l\ev' s3uchl tax, not x1 I
c (idint;g three m3ills on the 1doll:3r, to a
1pur alii'e of leasie a ,sch1ll-htouse, andi11l
to h alld a, s 1chool.hoise al(nd for 4om-3
peliiatioll of tea4cherl,.'' Rl '. "tat- I
!Itei,, of 87(,0 see. ' 17o . 1
The all iigi. h, etl ve,1 i the po1 er ll -.,' I -
ercised 1by thie General Assenihly illn v
illipoii. tax-es fort 3 Statie pi rolllll l , and I
that cunferrled hy it up1ºon the police i
. jlries foir lparl chial pi rpoi,4I in co'li - I'
plete'. Whiile a tax is impos1ed yh it h
for ithe Qsllll l't of tlhe l ital e (iover'ln
iu,'ent 3an1d 'l0ovis.iI i sc alde IOy special 1
pirp .e, .1o in like mannii er it ie. I
lI its tlihe pllile .jnries to ai tax f'r
the ,ll· f ,rlt o' jtairo hi, i;il] ,_ 'f f4 lili t
of onllo ll ,i 01 per. c llittili 11) ".1
. 333 43 31311a I t haiyi ;!1, I Iii'i l '
l i Ill ' o i'fll,, i8 f 1 i !illj -ud ,i" ilt.
State i l overlllbltif, 1iiitl ;433'
these ,bodjies to levy special taxes Il,
1defined purposesi . Nr' hlas the Le;- 1
ihiattlre onllitted to ltprovide fur other r.
iaiid 5,pe4 ial eontil1glviesi . If lan ex- I
tr:i, r1lin:1'ry e tereniiry shall ldem;nliil f1
ia hiigher rate of tfaxation is permitted 1
to e lhevied if it 'shall tirst he :iro '
tiined i vh a core of 't najl; rijtily of the ni
voters at 1an election hieil for tha;it t
purposel' ,"' a;lul the powe' r to levy :1
tax to pay indile 'teilline' , ines 1v'red1 i
prior t t he tlli.pa.sl: l'of the t ti of 1 72Il 1;
i. spei'i;illy ,excepted fromi Ip 1 hihitioh ,
1 to the riate slpcihied therein. i
The opinion we have ':pre.ssed i
oI on the gi'oIlind 4lf i iinjilition .just e
examinedii , ienders tIuillnece',r.v a1 dis- c
cission uloli lthe other illrounds urged t
hy plaintiliff. )
It is therefo're ordel'red, ,diji'"g'ed and
decreed thait the iInlnenit of Hil lI low
i.er (1l tts be avoided i llll id reserved 11
1anl lhlt the injunclltion he p1erpetual, lI
allnd the plaintiltl have Ilnd rlecover
from thei de'fendanl t the costs of4 bloth f
cou rts. c
LOUISIANA.
A Teminclest in a Teapot. I.
IVry Imp aint Di$'iission ill the
]un p Leglsinitilrei ljioi the
Electoral Bill.
In Which Wlrrimoth Rland O(nters .MIi aket
'Some ,iid4i4(' 1 ji..,.1oK se' ,1ihtilly; lh1,n -
aginl to Tlheir Party-.
\' P  ID ft ll' | I ý , ' lUV 4 ' I, , I'll El I ',l1'[ ItI l '
NIHLLI..S ItEC.IVI') TE.N T'tP3 [
.l ND 'i li r11 - Y 0 : T11 il!
L .1; i_.\ , VITE.
Sl4cial Dispatchtl o tio llh nil3qirer.
New irhlea is, J u;l3. t.d.--Pcll-d',s
1li3i4p Generial Asslimibleyv is lii31kiilg
strmt'o , e 'fforts to hi ll-doze (Coill
g.ress lil, the entire 11 331 of 'roin s'-er -
votive Republicas,, iln the North.e
,ast eiV' 1c1113e1in i R.llltilon pa1sd theI
ower lpart of tIihat inp, d neca- l'l
ting aily C, ongressional action loo1k
ing 3to a collpromliise on the Electoral t
(1question, and declaring it to 1ie the
sense of the 1Houclt thati the Electoral 1l
Bill shtld not pnas. .1
Immiediately after the two rnump
branches uniited to ballot for Senator a
for the short terlil, when a'il e4t'rt
w\a. m dlt1 o to t I the i' e'lillltill l
tihrlgh hi0 oit I \l A8ssenbiligi. ]luhclh, t
ie gro ll tea )I', mil ide1 10 ii tionl that ni
Asseilliy to pi(telpare ai ri'8 lu ti o .e3lii- n
hodlyi'iii tihe eltitnelits of he J.hit tl
Asse,o inly with ieglld to4 thie Elicto
r'il Bt li foril Colgr1'ss, ,anld rioi3t41
thie t133e0.
Millilanil (whit4), frim'lye of Co- a
liinililis, Ohio, thlilghlt thle Jililt As
4e1il11ly wa1 called11 tlgt elh' for t1n4
i)nrpose of hallohtin fior Uiiite d Staltes
Sll li, 3o'., ialid 4 1(1 3ithi 1ot 'iprlt'ly act
il4nli s3lch 1 nmo1ion. V
WV1rnloth wits s3lrprisid tlhat lMc- V
to opplose tie resolution, l,esl,(.cially
as I)thl Iloni.4es of (i.4)liotr4n were t
waitilg brelthleOSSly to hear tIhe 'oileo
oif ole ) l f the Legisldat 3rel of ILAis- 11
ila: eorli're tiikilig illy a1lian uI4 3i)i
the bill. It 81ecl' eme toio hdl that i1
liemllber houhl wanit to hush that a
voice, plarti1cularly sitce sicch eIff4rt ll
had h1een mad3(1 to mkllke it adilllhtle r. I
80111ailig pel'sons 138 mlenibersl who hi||11
Iot beei retlrl n tiled ele3c8 i't'd. (
Mr. McMillia dlischhii4ed anyfl il- vI
tenti4n of tryhlg to hish the voice of I
the Joint A88elhily. hie' 11 34lly Wainlt- i
ed to imnl)res3s uponli the Initia4 uf Ilurch
3that3 i hill igll averg war al d
blotlsdhe'd,, 1ind all t113t sort of lhinig.
if sich 1isall tels came uoll tile ,oniii
try, it mlighlt lllljlflen that tlhe tLeg
lsiatilre Woulh hle deprived of the 1
emini1enlit services of tiite Ialtoli ]oge I
t ell ito l'.
Wari oth imadile al peech. Thle res
ol4tioi ,l passel hy tlr Hoiise diring t
1he nmorlring wilsill-advised. lie did
3io(3 believe 13 dozen of tie mlemberl8
of the lht' e had 1 e11d tie Ehlctoal t
Bllik Thl' ad p13 the'lr5'rI i' )
r('cClr1d witholtt klowil, what they
were doing. The Electora tl 1 h\as i
the result of efflts of the best minds j
in Congress to find a solution for the
irsentdlliculti' s. The gicrat fact
3remiahne1d tllt hOllnest llC all ov\'er I
the coltutry difl'Ired u4pn the ques- I
lion, 1d 4t1 y wtre -o f irnly tixed 4
i tIheir b'liof 1hat uinless there wais
t- a&ll 1are tiS tihe result f the diffler
ece of oyiinion wouhl ble wiir.
SDinkglave wainted o) cml)n1prml4nise
with D)eniocracy. He lbeliev'd the i
SP'ehident of the Senate had tile rigllt
to collunk the Electoral v4)tes. Ihiyes
lihd been elected, anii t13 vote' 4f
Electors shonhd be coinnted as they I
are cist. If maintaining this vihw
wonhi briug about war, why let wia'
Warmoth l aid it was just sirch
speeches as thlse t(at kept the white I
and black people of the 8)ruth apart.
There was too much bold talk a1d1
lofty declamation, and too little in
the way of deeds. If the member
Sfirom .11adii.in (1)inlk,il 've) and tihose it
I \whlt chlrltd hlill So l n ,tdly wanttd it
1 wa:r--if they Were ttt :it:ll seehkinl I\
fIi it--\\hfl, thel y hald but tor shollleihc'r ch
a mutt tui and sfili o;ti sidh e u ofthe ct ;
\111 i the gell tle ,11;1( (
- hi'ckl ; I ii I la t gi, it t' '
º i !] hil fr,:, ls. if t ,i th 'eri' watm - <c
u11r1111 , t'hl. n t hav e h'atd the.ir 1111- n X
- hiIh' R,'ltpuli;lllu ( vh\.e(t lliInint of th'e
iitu hald iti a t artlicrle of ai tholit s t
Solltsli,(e of the s lilel ll house, alll .yet its
I war, lll i .,est s 1'u I'Ipte ls rlleL n 1 ll, ili i
Patt ick I'-.i' I'-m wa;ir. ])id nuti
Severy s' toiugii1u ohfl i Ii l ejpuhlieanuiuis
su'',t iit lti withulit a blow oli ll tlhe 9tl ,jn
itof Jain;ltt ? Ai lll oe ight :ot th it 1
f.tlI ,ltlte hie si flli(hieit it listl ai fnit
Iti hlltltlie ins frolt gi\'viiuig too louse tit
I l i, s to to lh il l c itt1. folr t'wa'r
itltkgiave waited to kllowi wh lth. i
, Wttit liii thought that i.ti :lls or lo'
I'.i' iard ail s . li th( ted t. 1ci
\\'.:I!itl h t .lil 1:i n ite ft.le of thilt e vi
,I ' i! I' ti r Inthe r ti ' t tua ;:iýa l , itrd 'i
I i tt a h.r,'d that Niech- l t ,t l i
St'llu t tell thou 'iiitd ih 1 wr. r eilll I
oard i'eportel, a ] ajl ili l k io : l.1,i
L the t t tii e tlalr t io i lit, lht ie wSi ol wh i
I they dlli. When it fiwas explained totil
him ithw th i lt was foee it w riached, lie
Swoiil thouen l e prepatill to stay lho Coit -
ai.d been l'gally lheIted t(le g rnor.lii l
Wfrhenl all the il not irs of tihe Lee
Irislat'ur \\h o were electedi shole IlleCti- iC
iltlre in .Joint Assett i Cll v whoi had to
Schtimieof t ihe iiv lcirnor, l ie wasii. realliy
It (recognize that , maui, t lie Nicholls
or Packard. lo(
Mr. i'Mi.l illan said l i Vh i ;idv c to the Sir
Legislature was to keepct its halnds ol il
the ml i o tlie i, i L isiie Ita r. tall lr.
inte-ested party. It is Gete vote which is
i in dispute.l It wo l be in hi d ll ite cti
flr the Legisla ire, uinltd r the Lprscnt GI
circimstillances, to take anilly part ill t
the inattei'.
.M1r. Waiirmoth hoped the gentleman t,
from Cartoll would not asse.ll the
reivslUsiliility iof dlcating theo lecto- co
ral pIill niw i wfolr Congress, as it
wtnlt l not paiss wutithout the Legila-e
fortre of eLotisiltit being h~eard firom. f
"Now," seaid iWartith, "si wev hatve
it woul be as well, perhapsl for theu cr
Legislaturli e to take actiol uiiloi s(i
imporltanlt a sllljiect." let fiatorled
the motion lofleiredi iv fir. Blrch.
While doing sotlle lvieweld with iiaazet hi
AilMe t ate stitl futic te cu ill trhe to lli
try were tvis wiig Illoutls ti act byer
comlplonliise tulimlt, riot, bloodshed, sa
and perhap l civiilt wal on the Prf cit
dential luestion-the Legislaitui' e oft
Louisitnia irushed t uhceding into the
Vortilex of setItling it tby t hlrrah. If
mAsiii111, 'S of the ,Joint. Ani ssembly oic i o it
Ielt the Electoral Bill, they would th
Vote ' 13 Illinlliilnilsly for our elepre
scitatives in Congress to support the "'
Tli res as thelt y hall vot ed inttrlti t n 1t
inlg th l to Orppose it. Consideringl
the l-estionable condition in which a
th e t anstood mfor the counrs try ick .
lay, it wias in extremel, y hadre tanste to !;
hl inrryi t hrough suich llan important Al rn
measure asfi, tis without drtle cInsider
tiotln.
MIr. Bofrc thods gh the ptower of ctunt- of
ing th i Electoi e Ira o th, lonel l to llthe
Prtfe idl t of rntl entll le tr cll the i 1h,
tllrhiie lidric Lt ,i.-n lturea dl st lasked in
t be heard inl ts l a atlh cris t.is, l u did
ink nig lihoe gino mlnitt Iy tricki ain act ,eI
that thwi hdy to wh lihe w laisounet, wt(e L
I lot thte t tlegal l i ctnur Ioii tfiu t t. i
c rield, t t vili l h Si, l hilgl-di iz'l. -
tlld t' the Eicc.it itral Bis, llta he d tl,
The it re, r. ndmotheler's Trick,
T It was in Natchez, whersa e atn gaciilel r
Sw ill iidice, tti sho wiit ug. hir litil s i
Soi f''mi ii cilh ge(i i. ai ihut, said f
a dollars with ithe gi a i idu llthi t", ta fick, l
tfllg Edward Tl(r iiVi thnl. at
''thelaneih. l hl; etiudg e ties i ii tIIly .,
Sciriitical in iS ch riacteri'-kiw io ith- ti
.ijgfe cards oiyorc thle tiit.1c of tlo
SwhI cittitteI to li a irvls , :t ilho l . i)t
Slit-it el i, them ti haup itver hasked dl
Ot' thIe igre fin others trtik, to whea ri:
tlie inditl nt int was readit , u lkell it ti
i l'e whe adi'yhio ini tl h sta tua thesu
Sciillain it ras inS l thdil ta rick h l icl tl i
ct. r l na of swili g i. ,ci-rally. " I
Fhdii't knaew whf ith isc" iId the page,
S"n av ite s pvlel ti sktsh o isrll ilnt-, a
e dictiently rtsecwec th il lurlt.r, 'le
3-tri'k is tire iu kh e s hatets d tnos't i
If ' .ow el tril. n lha.i,' huaon o he tu i
y distict attr y, "t;e h ai i e t witnis i
. the trick, d if ie c lrt, tlctiac, wr
:t' will ha *j hil show tig Ifo.for thise
''I t i i ty t
t "Lt hiuT he callr d then t o
hI tih toisney. Ith w ti. t done aid t hej
of kiaeolis was lorovirh-L|. -it
Si'. trioer , h' . Ihiift f" aset the t
readi'dsf htrk l ticar, iid shitisnds ii
aie judege fte tirrn ted the ctti-aid, lit.
r and carefuilly (thneitdi the caird,, when
Iir c,'lnch.ldd l 1t d wvn on. hisi docket, ex
'' cilaining v i r .hel i.nenitly , eai ant,
Sai:g1i : " S witdlling-swirdlirlg of ti,
' very wiorlt sl't; let the c.ase prI,.
i nI cc, l," und tilhe inilictinent, was toiiti
r- guility, ined :inid imloriioned to til,
1- extent of the ilw.- -. .'l'imes.
itr
its ith Tdex1s aE iie li{ailroadl hill ai,
in e. Ln , ilh.,d in tI, holluse of its friendcll
,t - tlhe l1onoise of Rll-'esellniatives.
J Judige lhalley is the ithll Supreme
th iJ of dg e Co n ti i olission, Judge Clif
ilº folrd is l.'resident .i tlI ( Grand H,
Sturnij g lIoal
MIl:liox, Littleford and Pickett,
dr have ht liig.ht in upon the Returninl
:)1' i ' ,'
llin'd ml ii, acioi W\Vt'lls had the
Fb voites of Vernon, ptrish changed iii
norler tr (elt t 11unier a lil Atidrews,
Thl lii ii0 t ,i . \'1e1.i vote be
i.l i Thtl lli ,lsit, ill. n . I'l i r  i :\';.
d l orihu wis th; , thy n i st ite ivti' w ,i
IN. to the GIralnld (urnil i, ioli for :Li1
tr;ltionl; it was decided in favor i'
Ili Work lhas been so backwardi Id
(t ,Congress,c on accouniit of the jolitical
deadll-iloc of three months past, thliit
night Fe'.sions are to lie held il olrdetr
tll g et thlroulgh buisilness.
IThe Euiropelan war cloud does not
look as thireaning as it did a week
Ie since. This may be all chliingcdl  '!it1
Ill in a week, hiowever;
s NoW that a ipeaceable soluition of
It the political ermlloglio will be had;
it Grant has orderedi the troops, lately
illstatiolied at Washington, to be re
ain turned to their proper stat ions.
he Wells asked a million dollars to
Scoulnt LouisinilUa either way.
ai. General! A~sc selily eioglged in ic:
nl. forminig abusest generailly.
Ne ew Orleans DEeMOCI.\T now a first
he class morning Daily.
40 TilE POSITION oIF GENEmIrAL SiIEiP
I; has never svyiiipatliled with thit Radi
i"
ed cal _ins irators, and thinks that'' il
cs den will he inaigurttied;
by C,\rlt SII'rz says tihe keiublic i.4
aI, safe, and that Tilden will be declaredl
the next President by it large niajorit
he ty.
It KE:NN'ir AND) (C.\ss.tAVEI , the two -
e i.u l (.4ieturuinig fIalders, testify that
pI the election ini Louisiana last year,
he was the most pieacaihile and quiet
t they had ever witnessed.
-Ii MAiIDox AND I'ICKET, Wihi assisted
-,. Littlelield in giving ?a ii the Return
to lng lor,1rd, are ibot! Southern mein
t and oldl friends of Mat. Wells;
,IMAT. WELLS and the Grand Julrj
it- of the city of New Orleans will iinot
, have it out. 'They l begatl peloced
l ig.s lb ordier of Judge Whiiltker oil
lt the ist ist., nod lare likely to get
it, Mlat. on the 11illroad. Tomi Ander
a'i. sn will sliare the nililO fate, iilessc
ni 11L agr'ees to tullrnI State's evidelce.
Tint: Co:tMritMlsi.' ELI.I.ToRAL BiLl.
had the ctflet of reviving busiiness
all over the coiuntry. New Ydrk tin
otlher biui:ics~ ctef ile have gone to'
icr wolk with ta vill. A ciirrespnl idlig
i~t ne is felt even to thie interior toln-'
iil of the State.
:k.
o SENATOIR J. B. EIrsTIS has ilitrodll
tly ced a bill in thile Sltate Seinate to pro
le tect stock fromln thliievM ,inil llBpredn
li tlors. The hlonortable Senator will
rd phiich thlie faiiners iiiner eveiiastilig
eCi o(!ligatiois to him for his action in
ithis miiitte, feii' thierS is nothinig tiore
t li~astrilins to iiir agricoltlural initere.st
re tlhln tile inablility to alise stock, and .
ie tliat inability arised a,'lofie from the'
"i imlposibility to pi.otect it from thleves
iii iider our ipresent hlwa,
l's Te r CAVIS; oif the bllalk of lite,
ci.fississiil'l river ihas benh going Oii
to anii alalniiii g extelt ,for the past
lie minth, and lhis prodilced nearly as
grealt dlaiiiage as Ithle In iinail high
a watelrs of ftriic(tr tears. The river in
' fronit of th city this winteillr lhas mnk
is e oile alini il half f'o it lowet than waii
cvel kinlwow liefcie'.
ek iorIsN tO PaiE.s--A little gray eit
attacilhedi to lie presth room of the Ciii
- cilniiti Conitltiercidl olttCe, tlok ai lnotiionl'
tie tlhe othelr day to jmilUp'l ilitto the hlear'
of th, lt e icerfect i ig pre.-es, while
Sii nittionii. Si, hiinig oli i the cylin
edi dr liv:iely, aiii iilad:ile a iinumber of
i-l. rev'lltiuinis il, ssiW fillly beflore tihe
ive res f ris etihl be ltoi'ped, when site was
at oilice takenlic oirt. Shie seemned unsatis
the lied, Irnever, it eincig thuiis inter
tl raiptedl in her litthe ainsement, adtl,
going li ck to t, Ihe engine., jimped int't
tire fly.-thel,, wlih ictl carried lihcr rouand
ir," lll rmilil il at tlie raIte )f sevelt
rieevlirt oltions ai miinte. The itgihii"
wis. stoplrpetu, arid the igelllel r t tiined,
the g yiiail~ltical cat, lilt outf ldoors. Slit
ild resented the insult by abseitiiig her
self altogether flrotl the othlice.-Ex.
or- -- ' -'
There is niethod in distributhtig
oi types its well its it set t.imig thli".
lo That stamsll, nimay Ie lifted stl'liglt ii
the is necessally they ishould ell depositidl
ii so as,8 to Cneeld no t1lo'iinig oni th le way.
from thate ense to thlie stlick. Methill
idsl, Dhop in withll the back of thie hat-,
hen towards: the clase.