__--" _-____-__....._-______-_____-._ ---__-._ _ ........ - ..............
TERMS, ,I2 Pei Annum. THE WELFARE OF THE PEOPLE1 I THE SUPEE LAW. . SINGLE UOk, 5 t
ELs. II NATCHITOCHES LOUISIANA, AUGUST Anu 2 . O.5
VOL. II. NATCICHITOCHES LOUISIANA, AUGUST 26.1876. .-O.5O
,Jr. *r .tv ,, ·;L * 1 1 1111· 1
1MWAIL.lBS.
Aki IVALS AND DE;rPAl tRES.
11:v OlITE1ANX, R:..El River Landing,
Sinninsport, Mor'eiin ill, Cotton (
Point. .vergron., ('hrnuyville Kamo
nie, \Wellswnd. A le xlndria, C.t'le
aln Clontierville, Arrive aud' ~.i
:pars Mnouiy, WednIesday andlPrida-;
at 8 A. M.
IRF:WE~EI'ORT, Spring Ridge Keachie,
Mansftild, Sunny-South, Pleasmnt
1Hill a ii Marthaville. Arrive Tues
,day, lThttrdaIV and Saturday. Depaqr
Mony, ;'c,,ieAtdyl dnd t 'idSy, td
:WN AuISI'STIN'E, Milaun, Sabinetown,
Pondleton, 31any, and Fort Jessnp.
Arrive T'l'uesdit y and Saturday. Do
part Monday and Thursday, at 7 A.
MINDT)EN, Bnrkhoin, Ringgold, Iverson,
Conushatta, rappe's 1Ill1 fad Campn
te. Arrive Tuesday an FridyI be
part Weduneslayaund Saturday it 6. A..
\VJyINFIELD, Atlatta, Montgoii6ry,,a d
St. Maurice. Arrive Wednesday and
Satur day. Depart Monday ald Thurs
day at 6 A. M.
rLT. tAILS OrASit AT 6B" M.
Office Iours--frnn 8 A. M. to 2 P. M.
4idl from 3 ex to 7 ip M.
W. . D. TIrAts.
PoAt f!hAter:
Professional Cards. ,.
W. [..IA(;K. D. PIERSON
Jack. cib Pierson.
Attorneyu anld Cotis.elors at trtu
NATC HIITOCIES, LA.
Wf Lf, ,prac~tic in the Courts of NatObite
Sabiue, De4to, Red RRiver, W
ld Gr put,and the S npr ee,outrot tho
arte. Clainm promptly Attruded to.
March tS--v.
r. A. MOgr i C. c.. Vi DRANGUIT.
MIoda8 & J1JAN* * f'I
O tter~eY&aiJat t (
Otfete on S ionA stet,
March 25-ly. at~ thiohtes, La.
M. i (idsfngbiim. : . P , Claplin.
. . F. i. ankinhsam.
umnninghani, Chaplin &
Cunningha m.
.Awvseya and Ci1e q re at flai.
S &nSais St., Natchitoches, La.
*e Jtdea, Grant, Viun, SabAie, eto
lI'l Rive#R --teltitelle i, 4nd the
: 'l 41, #rqgu.tly, attended to ta any
r, ar. oC teUi uIan. Vaºtel£ y
Business Card*. pl
Bullard & aiampbIil. t
-DBALKES IN
-bar soons,
Saoc GOOsD
ý.a . . HAkDVAhW,
CAnd Gleneri Xartchanise b
ý'Cornet Pas6F t WA il base L
lh 9s -Isy..
WGUU8TaP $ ir srMor. oostaon
Nat.ichOtece, aI
C rooker,
ILI I
_-~r v- H lCape.,
'Bootee
h.. f haoea. 1da 4ta ae.4
f.t anemetsa otereal t bCash
(ottoa sa Osantvf pro
both at highest 4ash rites&
s ;ý C. a t hituf l leaL
.irs, .
APS r
and Oeuet*1
ýa t, FP~,'
l- d
P :dy .0
~i~i~V
4.
j. GIEWJOE cd CO.,
- Dealers in
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
HARDWARE, and
GENE3RAL ME1ilHtANDISE. J,1
WASIIL\GTON STREET.
Natchitochcs; L:a.
March 23--l1. C
Sari 3i JrZi,
Front Street, Natchitoches, La.
-dealer in
)DRY GOODS, GROCERIES,
HIARDWERE,
AND GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
"pedial indncement ollered to (ash Cus
tomers. Mruc -f~- .
R. ME. 3EITy tL3EK 1,
--dealer in
GOROEREES
Fi{uoTu STRIEET, Nalthilorl'k, La#.
L. c t. CM. 1)IEIrICI I.
SCsla 'i & D)ietrich,
tiae.oste Building)
FRONT St., NATCHITOCHES, La.
GRAND eopning of a IN'W MAMMOTH
SItRING and BSUIMER STOCK,
0 dircttirom.the New Orleans and Easter mart
kets, consisting in'part of
DRY GOODS
CLOTHINGO,
HAT61
BhlOT$,
' ' ' SHOES,
&c,* . CROCKF ', D
wAihag a., e ; . ,c "
LADIES AND GE i' '
FURNISHINq GOODS.
In fait,
A fril lind of GOODS for the coantt3 tttde
All of which they are elliug At lIsI thatn 'EW"
ORLEANS JiIti S
ly Volt CASItO
Call in examin the the largest and iiidst com
pletestock ever brought to this market, and
- satisfy yourselies as to thiii jirices.
• i" Highest pe rpaid for Cdtton anm cdttn
try produce, In cash or merchandiset
March 15--ty.
JAS.L. 'T a 1.I O, J
WATCHIAKER
-AND
r ý'goWe1r. T.
Shop on St. ENIS Street
(Between 2d and3r 3rd.)
Watches, Clocks, and JaweCy repaired
at short botice, and L( ia Workmanlike G
umanner.
Solicite a share t'patronage and ~uar
antees satdifactionl. 'in
DeM4.ly.o . ' .s
e ! 4 r ani
see
oft
HARRY PERY ton
Goerld lAnd :, l .
. _
Hon. Wn . a.
Jaok ?r1Iersem, kAtirug as aw.:.
C. k Vatmdt.3 & Co ,New Orleans.
prompTly attendeeto .
Oare: at the LAND OFFOICE,
' - '' ~ d ii, us, .L.
* `*
4m v'
71, ?F ~
.. `aI'i ~ rYiJ: :6'+':L i·.i ri -·"'1 '¢'0.. 21k
Oscar Chopin;
COTTO FACTOn
COMMISSION MERCHArT,
No 15 CARONDE'iT ST.,
Jl-1" ly NNo Orleans.
L. w.\LJ SE ". It, IALMLET
C. L. WALMSLEY & CO,
COTTON FACTORS,
-AND
GENERAL COIMISSION BEICI.AMS.
Perdido St., New Orleanu ISJ -
_[ h'h i5--1y.
PHitENIX SALOON,
St. Denisi Street, Natchitoches, La.
W.,PAY . 4tpric or.
hIIOICE Winest Liquors and Cigars
Ic ul drinks and attentivo bar tendeors
tegr
v/1 citiz
2 Lou
J rI beer
SCol
at -
SI # said
the
6 . don
So t(
flit
"Revolving Head"
COTTO ,GIN HE
PATENTED JULY 15, 1873. (
a cil
PRICE REDUCED I of
M n
TO $4 50 PER SAW. it
Col
ital
as
the
THIS GIN has been in nuse for the iast kt
I three uest,*ind bul seVeral recent im
prAveiTilit htve been added. It obvi- C
ates all friction at the ends of the cotton Cc
box, prevents the roll from braking, and of
gives.a LARGER YIELD OF LINT from BE
d the same amount of Seed than any other p
SGin in use, The lRevolving Heat light r
ens the draft and Causes the Gin to ran o
faster with les driving power; thus do
ing a great deal more work within the i
ahiS time, while economizing steam or
animal power, than any other Gin. he St
seed being ginned very ldose, the liingth
of the staple is increased, prkdeling cot- i
ton on this account ot, a greate, market "1
Svanlue. This improved value, given by H
lenigth of staple, with extra prodndtion a
of lint, added to increased amount of a
work done] tabre than covers the cost
of the (nil .every 106 Itaes gtblmed.
Teatimodniitldeit by mail onappiieatin.
'JOS. 11. WOLFE & CO.,
-.5 . .; L..CARONDEL "T ST..: S, *
SNE dittiLEANS, LA. ii
S C: L WALMSLEY, Ageag
SAgust 12 XATCHIiTOCHES, LA.
c'
da. HENRY GENIUS,
SWorker in Tin, utopp er and
1fE T. IRON; '
be -o ner RONT & Tut tEA l STi8 ,
ven ATCHal to i, LA. '
I~tno teuucnl t l~e ~
~alu. Tia~iproed ~~Lu, ~vq' y4.
An Explanttion Wanted,
the Republicansa ave charged that Thi
the Democrats and ,Conservatives in all
were forming secret societies to con- shouh
trol the election. The ciiirge is en
tirely nitrue, h ,t in niaking it the the p(
opposition raises the prespmptiont conye
that tl'ey lave not resorted to any Ave
such devices themiselves. li. triuth
though, tlte prlsuiiptidn is as faile iCs iave i
the charge.,, A niyateriFion society convc'
knwuoiw as "The Councils oIf freedom" ing al
has been discovered in existene lowin
.among the negroes in various parts of
the States. The objects of this or- julri:
ganization, whiib have heretofore '~F
been a matter of conjecture, ai'e re- tee m
.vented by the publication of a cou- imate
aisi55on which cstablishes inlislpta- imen.
hly the connection of that boily'with theo
the Rcipubiefar State -Central Coul- tren
umittee. The commission ha:s hlen they
brought to light by the Moriehouse sonal
CLARIION. Here is a copy Of it: the I
REPUBLICAN STATE CENTRAL COM t Le
MITTE OF LOUISIANA. . Iis ci
SClltill
s To all who het these Presents-8-Get'liIg : duct
Know ye, that reposing special con- qaeaj
fidence and trust in the political in- egate
tegrity. ' f -'-, a Republicani anui gy dt
citizen of Morehouse parish, State ti teresn
Lollsiana, and duly certified to have teres
been chosen chief of the Repnblican takoe
CounCil of Freedom No: -'-, located didal
at - (a ward) in said parish, wO do lman,
issue this our collissionl constituting defe
said - Chief of said Council, and I tfo'
empowering hlhn to execute and fulfill t
the duties of said office under thile let I
conditions recited in the Constitution trisdt
of th Republican Council of.'Free- egate
dloin, and inst'ructions of this Coin- whai
mittee. truth
lit testimony whereof the Republi- print
oan State Central Committee of Lon- saffe
isiana have caused. this commission who
to issue, and the seal of the Com- of t
mittee to be herenlito affixed. sele(
Given under my hand and the seal lt6pi
of the CommitteA at the city of New peru
- Orleans, the 17th day of March,i in aLit
the yeast of our Lord one tlhousad chow
eight huidred and seventy-six., who
By order of the Committee, tivel
CuAs. .iILL, "Secretary. pen
On .the Back of the comnmissioh is ica
the Allowing:
HEAIQUARTEItS RE1PUnic. PATRISH oi
Cott. PAIISIt or' MORHaiOtSE. il
Commission .of .=- Chief of Coun- ail
cil No. - the ,epublicanu Conqcilt
of Freedog, located at Parish of
Morehouse. This done in comtpliance
with the Constitution. of thle itepubli- S
Scan Coupiuil of Freedomnr and by di- all I
rection of the Republican Parish it I
Conmmitee.
(Given under our lhandt this 17th
day of March, A. D. 1870. - peri
J. J. ScrkAtruT,' Presidentt. 1
ALuRT EILFE, Acting Secretary. tize
r What does this mean t The Demo- whi
Sratic-Conservative party hasLiledged
itself to secure a fair eleetion so far cOlL
as it is concai-tned. Do tlih Repuhli- and
cans mean to t'esort to intimidation hav
and vilentce t Mr. (hias. Hill is a that
well knowh Ch'atitinhouse offliial. It
will be necessary 1fr him *to explain
whiat lie is trying tO do with the'ne. feel
grues in the ;oitnttry. The people of
the State want to know, and mean to
know, too, why the Republican State
i- Central Committee has created these tit,
ton Councils of Freedom. The hllstory resa
md of the "Union Rights Stops" in East wili
rom Baton htonge is too Atjent for the get
her people to have forgoatten it 'that nor
oht rgauization murdered' a letPea~be a ee
ran tolored Inpan bematlse, being a Con- res
o- servative, lie would not join a Repub
the licanu club. Every Republican in this e
T States who has any setel k iltWs tills
gth was the ody reason for killlug the wii
ot- man, who was murderedt by these Re
ket "Union Righllts Stops.') Mr. Charlea dt
by Hill knows whitt the objects of the an
tio rganiatin orgi a rin Which owns im as Im
of secre!tAry. Will lie state to a slightly mi
Simpatient ptitdle whlat it Is expected 4
tin. to aecomplth . ha
iMr. tCharled Hill Wasr here a few th
daysl sinee, and the re!tilt of his to
"totlacil of Freedom" lodges is told
in another column of tile Viadikator n
in sich an eniphatic manner as to
be intelligible to all. In
Charles Hill may coneeive his $o'
- ciety a good thing, bLIutI the itadieals i
of Natchitoehea have but one idea of
politiecal orgianisations, and thait is,
and to rob and plunder, anid comnit all
nthtiritites without plnlshnlent. t
, He has brought out.Bhlnt, Lewis, h
Boullt and 1ireda, and will mo doubt ti
havre Myers ap here In ta fet days,
)who will come to the front as full s
tltedged reformers, and attempt to ti
Inlb the whites of Natchlitocheso, as il 0
the past.
e we r in error in stitung that
Mlir. Chatles Hill, thle Crand High
Coithmisioner of that nysteialua or
ganiuation the Republican Councils
of treedotu !t* a ",well knowl Cdis
tomhouse ofl al.f;. Mrl. Hill is the
State Audites etaminier, and his os
tendlble busiesse it to' examine the
acecouts of the State tait-Colleetoib,
for which he lit pd asulary of $100 00
-ydea 'bd an additional $1500as an
allOwitste for traVeling expenses. It
e~ , bastowever4 thiat i~de real sertice
tor Jidch ,he. draws 'thi anidsome
esida y istg slttrawlin'g aboat the
. bv~t the ights whdeh it
?t l MjC-' hf the Ijveranment to 2
p'b p oke, iat tltr + intiCItei is the
p . I,,orgamof hiljlts i:, bi e advances
b othig tlappte the well-kdmiOn
4lh fast thkt the, holderee metngs at
""· mu'iii+nt e blsthiton th ex
,7', -+,,+..++ +.++ +
::-+,+,,.:1,8lt~d .'.-.+, ,.++a+;.-,r +=+ :+ .+; - )
.:.+x--+ '+ ,? :. ,€+ o &. ,++ .' "J i: . .. .
A Proper view. trust w
- inn 1g ispuOtOl
SThere las been m riuch talk riind l , Tme I
in about the proper spirit whih do not
should actuate delegat ites elected, y tºemniel
the people to the aplprd;icllig parish bail sh,
convention. lhein t
We havi\ inever seen any article; portui
have never heard a view expressed in If in
have d
collnversation, that comes so near he- le.at hr
ing all that we could wish as the fil- ontn sai
lowing front that stirling and pariotic ly step
ijornal, the N. 0. Democrat. at the t
7ipe National Democratic Conimnit to thilli
tee urge the local con entions to nomiA
inate true, tried, iailrble and jioplihtr
imen. The comimittee declare that
tie ionmiatilot of such li l .r will
etrengtilll! Y iiiiail ' itll ll
tllthy silenttleir prlr~illdices nhd per- Govern
sonal wishe01and act for the good of New Y
the people work.
Let each lelegate ask liim.self, on
iis conscience; and in view of thie sot. Ge't
emln issues that hang, upon his cnn- hamln
duct and vote. nas a delegate, thes "Red I
- question: "Who ,mde Ine ai. leJ- It th
egate ? What am I here for? Is it ters t<
y. duty to reward nMy persoinal in- Advert
t' erest I i(nght I not to act fuir the in- Dcmoc
e terest of the Ipeople %imhen I uinder
Itake thlle diuty of naming their.can-. Ne
I didates f If I nominate an uInworthy on ord
n man, or one who is unpopular, sti d iºiats
Sdefeat conies to t,.e people, howv can knap a
I forghive' iiyself' 1" E.
1I Let delegates bewgi rliow thie et el ; .
e let theml thiiln well; let them not Virgin
i trade away the people's rights. Del- s.
egates, nominate honest nletlt me and or
whose whole lives illustrate tiller
truth, their integrity, their iidelity to
principle. Nomiinate men who have one to
suffered with and for the people;, and tte I
i who have nev'er forgotten the' wong field
of the pleople.. Partiellarly in te credit
selection of .Judges, and Senators and ep
i Itcpresentatives, cloogs nien of cx- Trea
iv perience, integrityi industry and cap has le
ait aity ; and with these qualities, also clared
d choose men who are populahir, ahd presid
who, with their friends, will go asc- ri, J,
tively into the canvass and ralUy the declar
people in this struggle against ISad- The
j icalism. hen .
Oive to thi poAple, as candldates
on the latal Tickets, men such as we te
have described and there ,ili be a a
ii iiversal rally, and succss is certain. little
I'ail in this duty, and defeat will be "'PP0
the result ; acid defeat il Lmoislana, thi gr
means civil and political deathl. A i
iSuch, we take it, is the view tiat "Man
all take who really desire the return for i
41 if Democratic government ind wiitll heard
ti it the surety of peace; law and pros- but al
perity. " jIt
We conileid it iii that spirit to Ie tilh
y tlhe considerationi of those delegait's Sni
- who have been elected to fcpresent ong 1
constituencies of the difelent ivats; oC
i and also of tile ditienas of wards who St, I
in have not yet selected t'epresentatives, ddctl
a tlhat they may select such men as takat
willbe atctnated by the expressed me
. feelings of time New Orleans Dleaoerva.
of - More
t ho h 4ewt York lerald has had a beinj
to representative in New Ocleans hives- Sein
e tigatiig the political situitioit. Thie trant
ry rosult is an intetetintg letter, Iii' Asse
ot which the means iAed by Paiickird in jgt
lie getting tile noniimtlliiii Alid the ian- liout
mat nor in whiich he espects to secure his Ada.
le election, are given. Tile Herald tor
- repondent ysk I.
-. It is d t generally blileved among Arg
his iepnbilhnies heret ta lt ih party Can 'Mj'
mis rry the State in Noveniber; even f
te with the lhelp of an iicoimmodlating the
e Returning loard ad Federal bayon- t
ets . Tie dlitoriigemlent is genurl, aI d
i and alteady thie mnost'active cavasser won
Shave left thie State and Iiade engage- P
Smeats to canvass in Northlern .States.
td Warmothl, George Sheridan, Pincl- lst
back, Ray, Andersonu, and othirs like thod
rw them,Lihae gone North, and will re- fn
is turn only to vote. Senator West s Plai
also diseouraged, lint Paekard 'sAys ian
hIe can do without them1 ; flt they are lute
ator not necessary tO iis plan of calillatdigii&
ito 'le ieporlt is tllat lie has alreadv
perfeethd thslni He neans to bllegintlihe Oit
canvaes very late, say abont forty
daysbefore election, and eipects to
lave a tlorodugh organimiation in every iud
aof parish fifteen days beifore election- ci
Isi Abot thlis "title ie will begin his ihl
alusual- practice of inlimidatilng by io
s making al'est of white cit!azes in hi
thoset parishes whlere thlieving otilce- im
I,, holders tf Keiig have been w" ined " li
Ibt to resign .He will make arrests oml wi
allhdavits of DIeputy Unlited 8utates say
ays1 Marshals,. who will net as, United ioi
ll States olleeier of eodsee, and. withl
Sto the help of troops where rdsistanlehO is J
s Im offered! aid the:persons arrested will fjtj
be carried to New Orleans, tile seat the
of tlle united 8tate dollrt, and the ga
tl only Unmied litates prisonl in the tie
itgthe. Juge Billingsa, mlleantime, for
al till iiale lnb, North il1, and will h
sor fail ton open hiis durt on thie irst An
nell Monday i Oetealher.., Io facti hIe will thi
' -not retd'it Dntjl fts thl electione.rr
the The $ibited $tes Coonmlmisionert o
5 te Shannoni will und limsself unauthlr
iged to acedpt baili and the pftioners
will be jailed untliafter elettioun,
"Let us hait ee · r
,l Eiotnt Y5AIt, Ant ..e W.I9f., -1or ml5.
some nearly eight lyears--in falt, .fir just I
t the seven yestas and esi nonthma-the hIm-e
iteal pablicans have luder Grant had Cnon
Sitrtol of the national (overnmler t time
t to bE eutlve and e.seatI unnlnter.
a rd~uipiedly at iHeI ieas iet a-ti
ll e Mr Iett of the tli ., r_
h hiit Ii i long str -ti 6itk~t.
rnee W1ha has been agreoinp!iilsld i Ifrai re
doi quilligin the godtB... (I
ig at We wilt :iept tie s.tltaemeits of d
y the thelpuhileaid themeilres rn reply. ni
. the 'iakidthe baditidai 1 t-e sotliern Ij
g n. States et@J what the l tses! It,5 Ii
ti the madt what Is thte EentntemtA o the i it
trnust which they hnaVoe.ien found so
inilpltenit to. administer.
, The Republ;ican orators in Cl~ress
(do not ,eni to realize that it is for
themielives they aire mnikiwi Asvch a I'Pr
bail. show. when they exhibit hl a b)einoc
deploralile conldition, of .the States voters
whiei they have had this long ol W.
portuntit" to wield absolute power•. maln aI
If in seven years ani a hntf they lain
have donell 1) little, they should it to exp
least hve learnen distrust of their which
o-an aidlity, and, silould now Imodest- elearnI
ly step aside( and let otheris try a han1d le ilin
at the good work in which, aweording and s
to their own shRoyin , they have so sho4nlil
sigtially ailed.--N. Y. Sn. cided
-- . - e to 1
t Political Points. tion t<
'ile general stiffl headqnarters of  J
Governor Tilden at 59 Liberty street, J. W.
New York, where thirty clerks orb at F. it.
work. John
OGeneral Ailihens Baker, an Ala- R. L.
L.am orator, is known to fame as tihe On
e "Red Iiemlock of the Chattahoochie." thro a
It takes fourteep goodi-sized toos -oia t
t ters to do the Montgomery (Ala. ) resio
AdvertisePs crowing over the recent Ites
Democratic victiry in that State. iartid
New Yorkerscenmpluin that tthere is thlp N
v on ordor from ithe Crdtgn. water that and 11
d lieats that of i ant, RIlrepon, ilcl- that
i knap anti lioutºell combined. confil
Exi-Mayor Keiley, of Iiechmmnd' will I
one of the Democratic electors in enden
t Virginia. !nas entered upon the can- er, be
vans. He is a man of imuch energy and c
alid oratorical ability. tions
ir "A steam cnllidpe which plays only knav
one tunie" is what,the Worcester Ga- the gl
ed itte ~auls ity neighlbori thel Sprinf- Re
field Rlephblican and it gives it tie alteri
credit of killing dams. Puris
id ptain L. E. CAdmpbell, earonnty that i
' Treasurer of Hardin county, Ioai, to at
P, has left the Reiphican party aid dd. froni
a clared for Tillden. L. F. Wisnert one t
id president of the Hardin o01oquty Bank, Hle
- end J. M. Scott, vice-prefident, also son o
le declare for Tilden and reforn. tee l
- The Evansvile ion'rier says that t
Sslen. Iarrjson, the Republican candmi Cvon
e date for Governor of Indiana, is s Seit.
a man oftxclnsive habits, who has t set.
n t I little sympthy with the masses. His R
Ssuipporters are nrging 'ua ejection on atieti
tlie ground of his aristocraticliCneag•. shal1
A letter fromn Morrisville, Vt., says ish n
at "'Many Republicans hav .declared Ite
for Tilden and 1endricks hee.. I pltss
hreard out. say lie never voted other expo
t than time Republican ticket in his life. mocr
)- butt after the .l sity had stoilen half of ngs
i hish rolftrty in oiie way and another then
to he thongt it time to 4ith thleni.' .TII
ten Said Aignath lelmont: "I iliaft'e
t long believed Goverinor Tilden to be vote
onie of the few statesmen in any iar- t
Ia; ty capable to futil the pledges of the J
ho St. Lonis platform in respect to re
es, duction of etpeilditnren tvislon of IR.
a, taation sind a retind' to spliece psv'
meats *iith steadinessi Cise and safe
ty."
i rot1iar itowitls thinjs tterbe is g.o
hmore probpbility "of Mr. pontwell's a:
ha ieimng re-eleeted to tihe Inited Sthat
es' Senite than there is of )iis being
me tianslatedr in a f(ery chariot, to the
in' sscembly of the just made perfect.'
in at ine allowance esidtld be made.
siin liontwell has no connection with thei
lis Adams fam.ily fron
or- his, fron tlie itdrtlandi Eastein mmij
SArgus, teifk~ to~ rant: "Tie last Til
pa project is to drnke hin lifo president le (
of, the SmitLhsonian Institute, with of t
tig the salary of a General. This iA a Tin
capital idea. Only one new feat'te- tie
l, a distillery of whliskey., 'straight, thel
set would need to be added to make the ti
In. aplpolntulent just the thing.^ par
. The "epblidant of Clyuve, odne dia wi
cl- Ast ieek siad a pote.raising, and al- the
ile thoigh the town i only seven le Mr.
from where lIsyes hies, the dletelndcc
SPlaindealer suiys thete was nO entm-. pla
s Aiam or speaking. The Democrat rete
are intend to raisd a hiCkery that will lea
igni oter-top the walking-stick of theldr i
neighlors. 'The I)Demuocrats of Clyde tti
iart3y it wide-awake. t
a t When T'ilieli was ntoy it linsei t k
iery tike hind two houlrs to dlig imit and _
ioth olly ten minutes td cattel a niess la
his gls.-iartflor I'Posmt. 'Ihats imin f.
bY lie lns beh ctsitheit tongCt "catting
i in hnit'i this time, lit thie * Itl is is
me- hlitnhing in tlihe ish is a wonder td be
inmd n,1d. An old itepnlhlean cnulpin,
A oi whoi has jnt i5. Ceadi/g tim letter, to
ttes says: i"le's get me, mire! P--New i
sited Yotk Ezpress, u
with
".in An "Old tiepiliiconnn of Spring
Iwill telhChiarke (enniet, Ohio writes to
seat te1New Yodrk ldn that e ilnds hi his
tis tuswhiip teienty-ope voters *iuo ae
the toid fori,4rnt jn id7 that will vote f
time for T'ilden and reform. Ther re arei
wI three Eli's-Eli 'iroxel, ii Kiblinger
first dad ili itt.er -'iho voted for G(rant,
will tlit will vote faiur'ihden. The Demo.
Ction. Cratid ~iote will Ib increased 1,000 ad
unmr5 over that of i87" hut tlhalt coonflly 4
iners itR the nmahnt lerahldi "Time
Ildie| pr5.h is grinding away. on
1'ilden's letthf They Alay manilpum
]ite it in any ~inji t h!y Mepse, ad
smsal dtves, twi it *trp .it, tt msix
ist I to*etier-nnywa y d tlhAlt, their
l readers mnity. Jtt itj ald we utall be
I Cna isfied. Thliere is more troth iii tdlt
te hett r thltti they tan stallow iti any
Inter- shape between th lis and Nuttiter."
x.{ioverenor sistid Blair,dt idchi; L
6 SimaC Rn; an orJlino l LibbrdlBe tibican, h
41r ' repiddhlitee Ethan Allen ani lays of t
ovefnot Tildei t Hie man'litiu h
its of enmepromlss rith eurmiptliti; and 1
reply. nitr emeks to irtdid the Inmlty
UIternh hAings As it pMttiial reforeer ht
ihit It1 has leitli- wM to tnIe testo'attiil if
i teir I.dt and eoniomital govrnnmreint, i
~ iY itin thmle m· rdivity4stisible s by a viri.
) ty eam ita tt~aopon he ipowerf ambi
ve ultot ioolitifal' peceaitrs, wbo6
$ batitousessed theniseltes of tUe I
M mmie i of goernment.
Meeting in Wiiti:
qWA:i. Si, WINN PAnusn,
r . Aug. ,12, ,1876. )
I' Paranant ` t  biltf telkth waldi
S1)eoilcratic Executive Committee, the
s voters met on the 12th inst,
SW. J..RIobillns was ejected chair
nlali and J. 11. MeCain, ecretBry. .
SJamens W. Jones was called nupon
t to explain the object if the meeting.
r which he didl with great .force and
- clearness, urging the necessity at. pub
d1 lic infnrmation regarding our affairs.
and showinig lwhy every white will
shoulhl vote on the issues to be dL
cided in Nov. next.
The following delegates were eleet
ed to the Parish Nuominating Conlven
tion to be held at Winuteld :
S iELEGATMIS. . AtTER*ATEt.5
W. J. Robbins, J. M. McCain,;
J. W. Jones, W. J. Wilson,
a F. M. McCain, D. M. Smith,
John F. Shaw, l. W. Curry,
R- I. L. Jackson, James Till.
le On motion, S L. Morris, II. ,I. Pro=
" thiro Iland Jilnames . Jones, were ap
. poihited by the chilair a comnmiptee Od
resolutiolns whieli were adopted. .
t .ltesoIvcil, That we, tihe cit iesi of
Ward Six ii criivtentioi asemnbled,
heartily endorse the . niitiitionms of
s they, Niathiiiil Demiocratic convention
at and the State Deniocratic conventiona
l- that we ratifyi' their pi;iafori'Ms,. in .
confideiatiently. hope their uonoinee
, will be elected, which end wre wilt
in endeavor to do all in our limited pow
e- er, believing that if elected the State
and country will be governed in ac
cordalnct with.our beloved, constlt
tions; blightinii usii~rlitlbM and
i knav'ry of all sorts anM developing
the glories of our comnmon ntry
Resolved, That both doele a tl
me alternates bie requested to attend tls
Parish nominating Counvetipni, and
ty that in case of failure ofany delegato
'i, to attend, those presemit may chose
Id. front among the dltFInAtes present
sr, one to represent srch aeliit. . .
k, Resolveda That Vice.lreadidnt Wil
so son of the Parish Executive Commit
tee lee requettd tO cnf, r with. the
at Presdtent of said cohithlttee with at
t view to fix the tile fir the j'arishl
Conveutioti on thie fltt Saturdliy li
Selit. or as soon thereafter as .pea
si, ible.
IResolvidl, That th1i minntes.ff tini
ion utting duly signed and ntteted
lshall brve as credentials to the Pir
i ish nomlinating Canvelition.
ed Itesoliiel that we oedor.s the "''ei-:
I les Vindicator" as tie able, fMrtees
ler exponllelnt .,f the principles of the D)c
fe.. mocratic party, and that the proceed
of ngs of this 3tefltliib he published
ter therein.
.The Convention then adijomirneit
aftel reconlntelnding names as follidrA
ia for the vatidas ofices Iy it lanlitusou
vote :
the J. . Jones, fdr Relih6ssit4Ativs:
re- J. M. McCain Patslah Judg~e.
of R. C. Jolult, Ctlet*ý tf Coart.
I. t. L auinnt litt, " Sherif
S DAvid la)uui i e
i". J. lOBBINS,
,l's .: Sc. cCAWs,
test lecrettry.
t'"r Mr. Orth ~eiines.
ct.i
ide. Thi $onnralt'i Oole6ve 3, .3r;
the wlinif tli thEeecti3jatA witlutritid
from the AumiiaIl niti, thiAlt ui&
ein miiight head tilr !udiana I teplitsllhAl
last h'iket,,has at lairt Aic jtned Ltat
lent le cannot reciivi ;the imnted biiiprt
vith of the party whlicirh hl adoapted him.
an a Thus one by one are the upl ders ot
- the 1reuent , Adlnihietiathlh tnlediul
t, tlhenlmelvas h'erwi dllnidd by.the wv.
the telr oi pdiliti opilinine. -Tfha thdi
Iarty of whiich Mr. Ortli wu it ti
cal nimlerntier sire 1lmiitlh patisalre
a which in hoIgl bironght 1t bear filolt
i l- them. ils eVidlhoiel by the ict Fint
ite. Mr. Ortl's resigination was p!~emptl
ni accptedil; Aid anntliet uann uput in lIA
t plalce. He was not even requestled to
ratb recdlliido .bli deterllinatiounj the
wil leaders lt tile 4ghlit twdru of his pil
ther ind as to the nalvatatility ohis hn
lyde tidlounce. Tliis p tht tIe indMilku r
pnblielans of the AdnhiniititoM n galCgl
into a peqa~rious position. -They ao -
d knlowledlced thAt Mr. Orth adslo thieir
atromigest Imanl to bronght Lini tiol m
, EIrol1tri to I !t!e! llstAndard. letrsr.
him le is ibeiited before the iOtditt Is it.
ly comnienteui w*at; tllereford ead
f hi Is emthrd ,ir do flaCet is that thel
fleil is in thlid hililis ftthe Ielilddrats:
pi It hldh not wdnt Ihe Venetnela frandi
e to Wsigh down Mr. .Orths the Ad.
uinisitratidlh corrulisod Wat sutfikenti
and this blurden listat It btirn iby an)
maii watl is leiitified with the party:
rin Tho lepublicaens of judiana may ais
n la well,as A body; i ftlow thieir eindlb
n ha atais example, and rtird tWitlh gltd
Ioe from the cntmmest. This li the lnt)y
nisrmlm I i whiclh the_) lihuop 5i thel.
o re selves frdalt igudiolinlos defnat
tim l The Adininimtrritin argins ire dti
100h ilindg their cause by their reitbriehd
dereaists of ielr y. Reptiblitniqn ieliat
o'The ir repres~lnitive s an Who ham beted
n ndtn the aibjtet .lbtf.ttietlon
Son They, slilnug to thle aid of linbt
imp- and li~lhianlp they jiaride lfllaide a.
e, ad a hetlO wie lnk 'beardtdi the retmil
rg or comlmittee nll their. deml." SBihlct(k.
iias an lattyr df lilhit to irity of
tall h arteterlan d onoc'cy prpr;:
D.hnl wian lg the ptIl at tliel*fbel
naliee," etc. Al many ldf tlelie gad
Stleqlid hadive been ecomanIll l oew'
eeal theiHtiselies from the ilhtllht pal
ichi; by resin!ing, or are even mtO in thdi
blican hands of inlftoralle juatidCei tis eOnlz
ays of tinned attentpt tOd iaiv ithat thl$
lajg ij have heeat feldctl t utit, iie i~d
js so ly hen liadia l Jdldrlar l
nlty of standing ndmit thiir v,- 'i ~hi" -
n)er h tiles. dchiufdplddna   aeto ma
tiai it destruetir' cor reptloo. Ti t
nent, i.,,ipy want no reform in theii' .
i:t.; iuiuistration of plble atfairhn, aid arq
gra .e deely ineensed l lras - there sis
s, i strong proapect of a pericd being pt
of to tihe ers of'l isge sitleal,.-Coir' r
6tpfutal