i..r--
Iargest Ctrculations of Jny
Country Paper in the Stale.
Rates of Subscription.
One Year..$........... ...- - $2 50
Bix Months................... 1 50
No subscription taken for less than 6
months.
oo i0 SS
Arrialand Departure of Mails.
NEW ORLEANS.
ARRIVE: DEPART:
Tueeday 4 P. M. Monday 9 A. M.
Friday 4 P. M. Thurlsday 9 A M.
Saturday 8 p. M. Thursday 4 A. M.
8ouday 4 P. M. Saturday 9 A. M.
SIHREVEPORT.
ARRIVE : DEPARTT:
Every day except Every day except
Monday, 9 A. .M. Saturday 9 A. t.
TEXAS.
ARRIVE : DEPA RT :
TaesdaY 6 A. M. Thursday 6 A. M.
Friday 6 A. M. Monday 6 A. M.
WINNFIELD.
ARRIVE: DEPART :
Thouraday 6 P M. Wedue4iday 6 A. M.
Friday 6 P. M. Saturdaly 6 A. M.
MINDEN.
ARRIVE: DEPART :
Tueday 6 P. M. Wednesday 6 A. M.
Friday 6 P. M. Satnrday 6 A. M.
MRS. M. A. BURKE, P. M.
Special Notice.-Cavil Brayv sq., of
Vernon parish, is the duly authorized
agent for the VINrnc.ATOR in Vernon Ipar
ish, and all contracts made by him will
be fully ratified and carried out by ne.
E. F. Pressley and J. H. Caldwell, are
our agents for Sabine.
PARTISH AND CITY NEWS.
LOCAL GLEANINGS.
RBsiness is dull.
Let-tuco have peas.
The rain fall of Wednesday was 21
nloches.
The Doctors tell that the health of this
parish is distressingly good.
Cane river is rising rapidly, as is Red.
From above, the rise is reported heavy.
Antilly again presents us with a "mess"
of fine Irish potatoes, for which the VIN
DICATOR returns him many thanks.
Fine lot wagons at reduced prices
at McCook & Bro.
The Bart Able arrived on time, with a
Dne trip. The VNDIC.aTOR is under re
aewed obligations for favors.
Jodie Pierson is holding Court at Con
ashatta, Red River parish, while several of
our lawyers are attending.
GotoMcCook & Bro. for planta
tion supplies, &c.
What's become of the numerous candi
date. The VINDICATOR is open to all
annesancements-for cash.
We learn that the wind-storm was par
tluoalarly severe along the line of the
U"oast" Fencing, trees, cabins, &e,
wre blown down, and the devastation
vs considerable.
45O PLOWS, different stvyles and
make at McCook & Bro.
The total amount of collected taxes and
licenses for the quarter ending April 30th,
for this parish, was $784,05. Collections
have been so far very slow.
The Internal Revenue license collector,
Mr. Lehman, was in our city during the
week ining licensee j* dealers.
QuarnY: "Why will men smoke com
mon tobacco, when they can buy Mar
burg Bros. 'Seal of North Carolina,' at
the same price t" Feb 9 '78-ly.
We return thanks to Hon. .. B. Elam,
U. C., for late and continued favors.
W. A. Strong Esq., Secretary of State,
has our renewed appreciation for kind
favors.
One of the most convenient articles for
home is the Patent Shade, owned and
sold exclusively by McCook & Bro. CaIll
and see it.
It will be a severe blow to Tom Scott
and his crowd, if the boosting they gave
Bradley with the Carriage Brigade pane
out nix for them. Scott will weep. The
eoantry, however, won't mourn.
During our absence, our old friend Dr.
8. M. Potts, visited our sanctum. The
Doctor is now representing that sterling
sheet, the New Orleans Democrat, and it
would have given us great pleasure to
have met him. However, we commend
him to our friends as a sterling good fel
low and wish. him unmeasured success.
Nor Too LAma-A small lot genuine
Cheathem's cotton seed for sale by Mc
rsok A Bro.
We have received several nnmbers of
the 8hbreveport Evening Standard, which
Ia well edited, newsy evening journal
* Wlished in 8hreveport by lI RI. 81m
;lbs. The Standard is democratic and
bs the ring of the true metal.
* RESTER WHITES, SOW PIGS FOR
V. 'Pteedting purposles. Apply to
Agll ~904 J. C. TRICHELL.
We ms a eipt of the first number of
the &WIIS si suea sprightly weekly
pblished Ia Many, La., by Mr. W. P.
fatehesna. We ecogratulate the people
f Sebine apon their good fortune in havy
lag 5aallent country paper published
g them, and we wlsh our contempo
1517 all manner of good luck.
It aswer to our local in lst week's I
liise Mr. Eertsog Lecomte took upon a
hlsitthe honorable and pleseing task I
of soliciting subseriptions for rope for the ,
Tewn Clook, and as mlght have been ex
pstedl, Mr. Leconte succeeded beyond :
CI eetation. The Clock strikes one! in
hmrhito him, wiflId the watches of the (
dbal mj ditto. e
eorns happy by buying a famikyu
hltcfpatr t broom sad serub broom 3
4yeed aIMeook & Ero.
Moses, the celebrated New Orleans
Sphotographer, will visit our city and re
main for the period of one month from
I next Wednesday, 15th. Our gallant
young friend and artist, Jimmy Moise is
associated with Mr. Moses in the "picture
business," and we advise all our people
) who trant picture8 to give these gentlemen
a call.
1 h)r SACKS Texas Rust Proof Oats
ieJ jest received at McCook & Bro,.
HOTcI. A IIIvALS.- .PLA.NT ERS 1us1.
Joe HIernandez, L Charleville, Wm Rob
inson, S Lecornte, M Brosset, N Scopinie,
Chas Lehman, R B Stills, I1 M Payne, W
Ser; Louis P'rndhonune, J 1I Caldwell, J
F Smith, R Caggy, W E Hall, .1 W Mun
chius, OGus Lecour, J Rains.
We call attention to the card of our
young friend Henry A. Walnisley, Esq,
who advertises her purchase of the stock
and business of M. IT. Carver, Esq.
While regretting to lose the enterprise,
business integrityand public patriotism
of Mr. Carver, we cannot but congratu
late our young friend upon his enterprise
and wish him all manner of good luck.
Buggies and Wagons for sale at re
duce prices at McCook & Bro.
Mr. Louis Dupleix, the efficient Regis
ter of the United States Land Office at
this place informs us that the total
amount of lands entered, under the
"Homestead Act," from January 1877 to
May 1st 1878 was 14,190 64-100 acres.
Considering the large amount of fine
lands enmbraced within this land district,
the amount taken up is very small
A full line of all grade goods at re
duced prices at McCook & Bro.
RAIN STousr.-Onr vicinity was visited
on Weldnesday morning last, by a heavy
windl and rain storm. Toe waters of
heaven ldescended in torrents, and our
I parched earth was nmuch refreshed there
by. We have been without rain f·r over
a month, and crops were hbeginning to so
rionsly snter from the want of it; this
rain, however, makes farmers happy.
MAYOR'S CotuaT.-Since our last report
the City Court has been particularly dull;
however, a few were soaked ;in. Louis
Bronner for howling and disturbing the
peace was fined a V. S H. Beal, for run
ning horses in the corporate limits, fined
$5. James N. Carnaham. the same. Jas
Ilylaut and IH. E. McKnight, for fighting
I and disturbing the peace, were summari
ly ordered to leave town-they left.
Mc Cook & Bro. is still receiving at
full line of all styles of goods at low
er prices and to suit the times.
William Porter Brown, the convicted,
sentenced and now executed murderer,
was baptised and confirmed in the Cath
olic faith on Tuesday last, by Rev's. Ron
bo, Martin and Dicharry. We have been
permitted to peruse a letter written by
him to his parents on the eve of his de
parture to Many. It breathes love for
them, his brothers and sisters and is full
of contriteness for his awful crime. Of
course the usual certainty of heaven is
dwelt nptp at length and the warning of
"bad company" &c., fills more than one
line. We have a special reporter on the
ground at Many, who will furnish us with
a full account of the execotion, which our
readers will bave in oar next issee.
Corzvr Housa Norts.-Hotel D'Bonllt
has six inmates, awaiting the action of
the Jane Court. The roster is as follows.
Edward Pelle, Larceny.
Green Cummerlander, murder.
Ben Gant, attempt to murder.
Jim Scott, Larceny.
Dan Anthony, Larceny.
Tom Stewart, Larceny.
The sheriffs office is particularly dull
and a good fat client would be a God
send.
W. H. Tunnard, Clerk of the Court, re
ports the following marriage licenses
since car last.
Allen Bellfeld to Elizabeth Allen.
Wesley Fouche to Louise Black.
J C Foattaire to Martha A Manasco.
Messiah to Jenny Lampkins.
Ten new suits have been entered in
Parish Court Docket since April 19th;
last report.
FisRv Jusvxcas' COURT, John M. Tuck
er. presiding
sate vs. Francis Perrin, Breach of
Peace. Ordered to keep the peace for 3
months. Bond $25. Pay costs.
State vs. Alex Green, Breach of Peace.
Ordered to keep peace for 3 months.
Bond $25. Pay costs.
Civil transactions are few and far be
I tween.
The concert given at the Firemen's
Hall on Wednesday evening last was not
as well attended as the performance mer
ited. Of course the exhibition is not a gi
gantio affair but what was done was well
done. The music was excellent, the sing -
ing, and particularly the "old log cabin
in the lane" in character, was particular
ly charming and the glees, jokes and
comedies, new and refreshing. The young
men propose giving another performance
thie (Satarday) evening, in which Mr.
Tom Laithan, the renowned banjoist will
positively appear in several of his
specialities, and we ask for them, what
they certainly merit, a full house. The
object is commendable and our people
will not regret the pleasant hour speat at
this exhibition.
Brown, the murderer of Evans, who
was hung yesterday at Many, made a
confession to a VINDICATOR reporter just
before leaving our jail for the place of his
execution. He said: That Goodloe ask
ed him to assist in arresting Evans, and
conveying him from the Louisiana side to
the jail at Hemphill Texas. That he ac
companied Goodloe for that purpose, and
asethey were returning with Evans, Good
loe shot him (Evans) in the back, and he
(Brown) finished the job by killing him.
Brown is a young man 23 years of age,
and has from long confinement, become
pale and bloated. The story he told our
reporter is about what he has told others,
and he tried to impress the listener with I
the idea that he and Goodloe were justifi
able, because, "Evans quarreled" and
said he had a "right to marry as many i
women as he choee." All of this does no
eredit to Brown, and shows him the
young, hardened crlimnal and cold-blood. 1
ed matrier. 1
s The Antecedents of Disease.
Among the antecedents of disease are
I inertness in the circulation of the blood,
t an unnaturally atteMnated e", . ni-;n of
the physique, indieating that the life
current is cdticient in untritive proper
ties, a wan, haggard look, inability to di
º gest the foodl, loss of appetite, sleep and
strength, and a sensattion of unnatural
langour. All these nmay be regarded es
among the irndicia of approaching disease
which will eventually attack the system
mand overwhelmt it, if it is not built up
,ad fortilied in advance. jnvignrate,
then, without loss of tinme. naking choice
of the greatest vitalizing agent extant,
lonstetter's Stomach Bitters, an elixir
t which has given health and vigor to
mvriads of the sick and debilitated, which
is avonched by physicians and anoaylysts
to be pnre as well as effective. which is
immenesely popular in this co intry, and
extensively used abroad, and which Ihas
r been for years past one of the leading
medicinal staples of America. May 4-4t
1812 Pensions.
Under this act, any person who served
fourteen days or participated in one bat
tie, in the War of 1812, is entitled to a
Pension of $8 per month from date of ap
proval of act. Widows of such soldiers
as have died after similar service, no
matter what was the date of marriage to
the soldier, are entitled to the same Pen
sion,
No other parties are entitled.
All 1812 Pensioners dropped from the
Rolls because of alleged disloyalty are
restored by this act.
Applications MUAST be executed before
an officer of a court record.
ºSend to us for any information or
blanks needed. GILMORE & CO.
629 F Street, N. W.,
April 6-tf. Washington, D. C.
Our Town and Parish.
Natchitochaes is a town of about 4000 inhabi
tantO, situatedl on Cane river, a stream navigable
tiring the winter season by the largest class of
steamboats, and withinj four miles of Red River,
which is navigable during the entire year. The
New Orleans Pacific Railroad, now in course of
construction. will pass within ten miles, South
n,ld West of us : efforts have been made to se
o:e a tap road whieh we are certain will be
effectedt. At present we are within 40 hoursn
run of New Orleans, per steatmer, and within lI
hours of Shrerveport, where raiiroad cornrlunlri
cation is open to all WVestern and Northern
markets.
Our town has three churches,. Catholic Epie
hopal and Methodist, (the latter in course of
constratinn;, attended by large and growing
congregations, while niutonrens churches of the
smaie denominations, and the Baptist, are scat
tred throughout the larish, afllrding'religiots
facilities as good as in any section. We have
three handsome school buildings. and numerous
private and public schools in the town, whilst
over 404) public schools were sustained during
the past year in the parish, through the public
school fund.
Public ednucation is attracting great streation,
ant during the one year which the niative citi
zen has had control of them it has IbeenI shown
that the importance of a good common school
edttestion is not to be overlooked. Some tron
ble has been had in securing the services of
cumpetent instructors but in a short titme all
difficulties now attending our public schools
will be overcomer
Natchitoches has over 40 stores and business
houses, blacksmanith shops, and wagon and cart
shops; while there is a great demand for mann
factories none have yet sprong up. A Foundry
would pay well there, as also would wagon antd
plow factories, cotton and wool mille, planing
machines. etc.
The town and parish are growing some in
population, and recuperating from the long role
of thte crrpet-bagger and $ignoraut negro; as in
f ct the Slate andi the whole South. The poput
lation of the parish is about 2(,000. while there
is ample room for ten times that onmber -not
mere than one-tenth of the areable land being in
cultivation. The soil'around this town is alu
vial and as rich as any in the world, while it is
inexhaustable. Farmers raise Cotton. Corn,
Oats, Sungar Cane. Rico (highland) Grasses, To
bacco; and ont climate makes this sec:ion con
genial for the yield of grains of all kinds. As
a stock country this is unsurpassed. Our win
ters are mild, never beginning before the early
part of IDecember. and rarely continuing later
than the last of February. Much attentioa has
been given, within the last two years, to the irum
proving and rearing of cattle, horses, sheep and
hogs, and within a short time this section will
sncceesfully compete ,with any in the Union
in th m.
Good land can be had for from $s to $2) per
acre. The price being regulated by improve.
meats. locatlon &c. House rent in town from
$3 to $20 per month. Good. comfortable tene
ment houses rent readily for *10 per month.
Crops are caltivated on the share system, very
few paving wages.
A. a home fr an agricultural population this
section has few to equal it, certainly none stt
perior, and all stuch would meet with a hearty
and generous welcome. We tiesire. ant especi
ally Invite mechanics, agriculturils and capi
talists from the North to cnmo among us, "to
obey the laws. forget all prejtdices. work hard"
and to aid tas in btilding tp otr town and par
ish, and brlttingn prosperity within our gates.
To all anch we san. coxR ! WeV have the HOMES
to exchange for your brain and muscle.
The Overshadowing question.
Congressional Action Must be Taken
-Hayes's Complicity in the Frauds.
From the Philadelpia Times.
The crime confessed by McLin and his
accomplices is the greatest political crime
known to the history of thits country, a
crime so heinous in itself and so far
reaclting in its effects that there is no
greater of its kind.
A Frand's Self-Complacency.
From the Utica Herald.
None of these things seriously trouble
Mr. Hayes. "'Now I am in, they can't
get me out," is one of the phrases Se na
tor Hamlin quotes frol the President,
as said, March 1877, with something of a
cneer. It expresses Mr. Hayes's position
toward both parties.
The Time has Come for Action.
From the Indianapolis Sentine).
The time has come for action. The
overthrow of these miscreante must in
augurate a new era in American politics.
Subserviency now meane submission to
the greater wrongs that will surely fol
low. Let the cry be raised, "Down with
the traitor."
Hayes Had Full Knowledge of the
Fraud.
From the Savaunah News.
These confessions show conclusively
that the treason of the Florida officials
against the Constitution and the rights
of the American people was but a part
ofa deliberate scheme of villainy con
cocted in Washington, and carried into
execution at the inmtigation and with
the full knowledge of Hayes.
Hayes is a Usurper.
From the New Orleans Democrat.
Mr. Hayes is a fraud; he holds his
oflice in violation of the Constitution
and the laws; he was placed in offlee by
a conspiracy which trampled upon the
legally~expressed will of the people; he
is a nusrper, pure and simple. It is
strange language, therefore, Democrats,
or, for that matter, American citizens of
any political party, use when they speak
of the policy of acquiescing in his ueur
pation.
Hayes will Dodge the Issue.
From the Baltimore Sun,
The personal friends of Mr. Hayes will
direct their efforts in case of investiga
tion to enlarge iho scope, so as to in
clude various collateral questions, the
purpose being to protract the investiga- 1
tion that it may be made practically
useless. The anti-Administration Re
publicans will doubtless find it to their
Interest to assist in this plan of tactics.
New Jersey on the Fraud.
From the Morris County Chronicle.
That true Democrat, John R. McPer- a
son of New Jersey, who is solitary and i
alone of the Senators openly in favor of
the Blair bill, says:
"I do not believe in condoning fraud,
whaturer it may cost the country to blot
out the most infamous record of our his
tory. I would1 favor any measure that I
would proppee to unearth the greatest I
political crime in the annals of the is- i
tion." '
TIHE BOY SUICIDE.
Tired of Life While Yet on the Thresh.
hold.
As Stoical as an Indian.
A sad and terrible occurrence took
place at St. Maunice, on Friday, April
26th. I was summoned to attend a lad
(Ramnie Duprey) 13 years of age, nephew
of Alcide Helbert, who had deliberately
;hot himself with the intent to colummit
muicide; of course, 1 was impressedl that
had Ireatinen'. inhuman treatment, alone
culdl drive one of so tender years thus
to take his life'. I found the boy upon a
blanket in tinr tent of a traveling Artist.
with a pistol wound inmmediately above
the crest of rhe right itlism, (hip hone)
the ball ranging square across t'he ab
ldomen andul lodging just below the stom
ach. He was rational; suntfring no pain,
a little pale and self-possessed; the pis
tol used was a Remmiugton double bar
rel. Nickle plated, carrying quite a large
hIll. After administering a dose of mor
phine and applying wet cloths to the
wonud, I deemed it my duty to inquire
into the true cause for his commnitting
such a deed. I approached him kindly;
my son, what has indluced you to do
this? have you been abused, ill treated
to such an extent that you were driven
to this i His answer was "'No, they make
me mad." Waiting a moment for hin
to reflect, I repeated the question, guard
ing hint to tell me the whole truth. he
answered as before. "No, they make me
mad." Do you know this is a terrible act
for a man, much less a boy t He made no
answer. I was then introduced to his
Uncle, who was shedding bitter tears,
and he assured me no ill treatment had
brought it about; as did another mem
ber of the famuilly, that nothing of the
kind had occurred. It appears some
words had passed between the boy and
his Aunt, and. he told her that belore
three days, hlie would he dead. Why
Ramie, are you not ashamed to talk in
that way --"You'll see." He took a skiff
belonging to a neighbor, and boldly
pushed out into Red River from the Mc
Tyre place, where his Uncle keeps a
store, and pulled up at St. Maurice, some
15 miles below. Being absent, his Uncle
he an to search for hlinm, and found he
had taken the skiff', and so followed on
down the river inquiring for him; when
bhe came to the bank of the Saline Bayou
he saw the lad, and before hlie could cross
over, the boy went into the tent took
up the pistol, looked around and put it
to his side and fired, the Artist was out
of the tent at the time, some distance
off, but saw him when he fell, hlie stood
bent for a moment or two, then stagger
ed and fell. His mother is a widow and
requested her brother to take this boy
and control and try to make a man of
him, to punish him if necessary; he had
lived 3 years with his Uncle, and his
mother could not control him. Ilearn
that lie had tried to obtain strychnine
befliore coming to St. Maurice.
Hlie manifested no concern abount his
conditio , was as stoical and indifferent
as an Indian. He said to his Aunt, "I
will die by night," this he said the morn
ing of the 27th, and at 12 o'clock that
day hlie died.
This statement is made by me simply
in justice to the family as they are rela.
tcd to a family of distinction in Louisi
ana. D. S. WADDELL, M. D.
MEMORIAL DAY IN MACON.
Ex.President Davis' Letter on the Con
federate Dead.
[Macon Telegraph.]
Col. S. P. Fort introduced Mr. J.
L. Saulebury, Jr., the gentleman se
lected to lend tihe letter of ex-Pres
ident Jefferson Davis. Mr. Saulabury
rose and in an eloquent manner read
one of the grandest letters ever pen
ned by human hand. The selection
of the reader was peculiarly felicitous.
In a voice modulated to great perfec
tion and in a manner which showed
how deeply the reader felt the een ti
ments of glowing patriotism of the
great ex-President of the Confedera
cy, Mr. S. executed the trust assigned.
The letter was read as follows:
LETTER FROM PRESIDENT JEFF. DAVIS.
MIssrslzPrl CITY, Miss., April 11, 1878
Gentllmena:-I sincerely regret my
inability to be present at the laying
of the corner-stone of "a monu
ment to be erected at Macon, Ga., in
honor of our dead Confederates sol
diers."
The event possesses ever'y attrac
tion to me; it is inspired by the La
dies' Mlemnorial Association; the mon
ument is to be located in the Key
stone State of the Confederate arch,
and to commemorate the sacrifices of
those whio died in the defense of our
inherited and "inalienable" rights.
What though we were overborne
by numbers, and accessories not less
etficient, truth is not to be measured
by success in maintaining it against
force; nor is the glory less of him
who upholds it in the face of onequal
odds, but is it not more to his credit
that he counted all else as dust in the
balance when weighed with honor
and duty ! On many a stricken feld
our soldiers stood few and faint, but
fearless still, for they wore the pan
OPY of noquestioning confdeoce in
the rectitudle of their cause, and
knew how to die but not to surrender.
Let not any of their survivors impugn
their faith by offering the penitential
plea that "they believed they were
right."
Be it ours to transmit to posterity
our unequivocal testimony to the
justice of their convictions, to their
virtues, and the sanctity of the mo
tives by which they were actuated.
It is meet that this monument
should have originated with the la
dies of the land, whose self-denial
was conspicuous through all the tri
als and sufferings of war, whose gen
tle ministrations in hospitals and at
wayside refectories so largely contrib
uted to relieve the sick and wounded,
and whose unofaltering devotion to
their country's cause in the darkest
hours of our struggle illustrated the
fidelity of the sex which was last at
the cross and frst at the eepolchre.
I am profoundly thankful to them
for inviting me to represent them,
as their orator, on the approaching
occasion. Had it been practicable to
accept, their request would have been
to me a command, obeyed with no
other reluctance than the conscious
ness of loability to do justice to the
theme.
Thanks to the merits of our Con
federate dead, they need neither ora
tor nor bard to commend their deeds
to the present generation of their
countrymen. Many fell far from
home and kindred, and sleep in on
marked graves; but all are gathered
in the love of those for whom they
died, and their memories are hallow
ed in the hearts of all irue Confed
rates.
By the pious efforts of our people,
many humble cemeterielL such, as,
in their impoverishment, tore posei
ble, have been prepared, and the Con
federate dead have been collected
in them from neighboring battlefields.
There annually, with reveratial af.
fection, the grave, alike of the known
and the rnkiou n, are decked with
ve'n:dl flowers, ex plessive of grati
rude renew, ble forever, and typical
of the hope of a resurrection and re
union where the wicked cease from
troubling and the weary are at rest.
To be remembered, honored, belov
ed iby their people in the rewardnt be
stowed on our Confederate dead. It
is the highest which a good and pare
ly patriotic man could desire. Should
it be asked, why then huilil this mon
ument I the answer is, they do not
need it, but prosterity may. It is not
their reward, but our debt. If the
greatest gift a hero gives his race is
to have been a heiro, in order that
this gift may he utilized to coming
generations its apprecialtion by con
temporaries should be rendered as
visible andr enduring as possible. Let
the moniiument rising from earth to
ward heaven, lift the minds of those
who) come after us to a hrigher stand
ard than the common test of success.
Let it teach that man is born for
duty, not for expediency ; that when
an attack is made on the community
to which lie belongs, by which lie is
protected, and to whliich his allegiance
is due, his first obligation is to de
fend that community ; and that under
such conditions it is better to have
"fought and lost, than never to have
fought at all." Let posterity learn
by this monument that you comme
rmorate meni who fought in a defen
sire war; that they did not, as has
been idly stated, submit to the ar
bitiament of arms the question at is
sue-questions which involved the
inalienable rights inherited from their
posterity ; but that they strove to
maintairn the State sovereignty which
their fathers left them, and which
it was their duty, if possible, to trans
mit to their clhildren.
Away then with such feeble excuse
for the abandonment of principles,
which may te crushed for a while,
but which, possessing the eternal vi
tality of truth, must in its own good
timne prevail over perishable error.
Let this monument tenach that he
roism derives its lustre from the jus
tice of the cause in which it is dis
played, and let it mark tire difference
between a war waged for the robber
like purpose of conquest and one to
repel invasion-to defend a people's
hearths, and altars, and to maintain
their laws and liberties. Such was
the war in which our heroes fell, nod
theirs is the crown which sparkles
with the gems of patriotism and right
eousness, with a glory undimmed by
any motive of aggrandisement or in
tent to inflict ruin on others. We
present them to posterity as examples
to be followed, and when knowledge
shall have dispelled misrepresenta
tion and delusion. It is unreason
able to hope that mature reflection
and a closer study of a political his
tory of the Union may yet restore the
rights prostrated by the passions de
veloped in our long and bloody war I
If however, it should be othet wise,
then from our heroes' graves shall
come in mournful tones the
"Answer fit:
And if our children must obey,
They must, but thinking on our day,
'Twill less debase them to asubmit."
Yours, faithfully,
JEFFERSON DAVIS.
Daring the reading, almost at each
sentence would fall, the applause of
the assembled multitude would rise
upon the air.
Never will those who heard it for
get this letter. But stored away in
the treasury of memory it will remain
a diamond never to tarnish, sealed
with the signet of immortality. The
reader, too, who so eloquently gave
otterance to the words of the absent
patriot will not be forgotten by those
for whom he once offiered his life as a
sacrifice.
State Central Committee.
Rooxs STATE CENTRAL COMMITTEE,
Democratic Con. Party of Louisiana
New Orleans, May 1, 1878.
The committee met this day, at 7:30
p. m., pursuant to a call, Col. I. W.
Patton, president, in the chair, and a
quorum present.
Tine following gentlemem presented
their credentials as delegates, and on
motion it was ordered that they be
recognized as members of this com
mittee :
W'ill A. Strong, parish of Wiun; F.
B. Poche, parish of St. James; Chas.
Brusle, parish of Iberville; J. 8.
Young, parish of Claiborne; J. H.
Coegrove, parish of Natclhitochnes.
On motion the rules were suspen
ded and tire following proxies were
read and accepted :
L. A. Sandoz, representing J. J.
Gardener, of St. Landry, on a half
vote; Joseph Lemle, representing F.
P. Stubbs, of Onachita pariah, W. J.
Briscoe, representing J. C. Goldman,
of Tensas parish; C. H- Mumford,
representing H. V. McCane, of Grant
parish.
O motion it was
Resolved, That the vote on the hold
ing of the convention be taken in the
following order:
1. As to the time of holding said con
veation.
2. As to the place of meeting of said
convention.
3. As to the ratio of apportionment for
representation in said convention.
The following resolutions were read
and adopted:
Resolved, That the convention of the
Democratic-Conservatfve party of Louis
iana be held on the first Monday of Aug.,
1878.
Resolved, That a convention of the
Democratic-Conservative party of Louis
iana be held at Baton Honge for the pur
pose of nominating a candidate for State
Treasurer and members of Congress for
the various congressional districts of this
State.
Resolved. That the apportionment of
representation in said convention shall
be one delegate for each two hundred
votes cast for the Democratic-Conserva
tive candidate for Governor in 1876, and
each fractional number less than 200 and
exceeding 100 shall be entitled to one
delegate.
Resolved, That inasmuch as in certain
parishes dissensions existed during the
last campaign, whereby opposing fao
tions nominated double sets of officers
which resulted in the lose of several
members of the Legislature; and inns
much as these dissension if contioned
will seriously jeopard the Democratic
prospects in certain localities, that the
President of the State Central Commit
tee be and he is hereby authorized to
call a convention and make all neceerary
arrangements for the holding of the
primaries in any parish, or ward of the
city of New Orleans, in which the antag
onistic factions refuse to unite in a con
vention, within forty days of the hold
ing of the State convention.
On motion she committee then ad
jourued. PHILIP POWER, JR.
Secretary.
P. MrYLTAw, Assistanta craatry
PROCEEDINGS POLICE JURY.
Parish of Vernon.
The Plie .1urN of he 1'. rih of Ver
non met pursuant to adljourrnmen t.
Present-'.WJ. J Self, I'resident.
C. F. Conerly, John, ,J. 1 eason, Elijah
Pearson and3 Thos. F. Crawford.
Thie Iminutes of the previous meeting
were read and adopted.
On motion of C. F. Conerly,
lie it ordauined That all keepers of
stores, shop, groceries and ten pin allies,
doing bunsines, in the Pa';rish of Vernon,
are hereby riequnired to close and keep
closed andll are plrohibited from opening
their respective places of business on the
sabbathl day, either to give away, buy,
sell, or exchange any goods, wares, or
nmerchandise, refreshlmenlts, liquors or
produce, except in cases of sickness or
deatlh.
Be it further ordained, That the fol
lowing persouuns and no others are ex
etmpt from the operationls of this or
dinance, to wit : Keepers of Drug4atores.
Be it further ordained, That any and
every person violating this ordinance
shall be finlled for each and every such of.
fence in a sum not less than twenty-five
dlollars nor more than one hundred, or
suenfer imprisonment in the parish jail
for not less than ten days nlor more than
thirty. One half of said tine to go to
the ilnformer alnd the other half to the
parish treasury. To be enforced by in
dictment or ilnfiormation before any court
of competent julrisdiction.
On nlotion, Be it resolved, That the
Police Jury of the Parish of Vernou hau
ntg been informed that the H1on. J. H.
Cosgrove, Editor of the Vindicator, has
kindly tendered his services to the Police
Jury to publish its proceedings gratu
itously; therefore, he it resolved, that
the Clerk of the Police Jury be instruct
ed to forward a true and correct tran
script of thle proceedings of this meeting
to the said Editor, J. H. Cosgrove, of the
Vindicator, to be published, as indicated
in his generous offer, with thanks of this
body.
On motion of C. F. Conerly,
Be it resolved that J. J. Kirk, John
Franklin, Roderic Mclnnis, F. M. Snell,
Abe Weldon and John Mclnnis be and
they are hereby appointed to review a
road leading as follows, to wit: Leav
ing the Many and Leeeville road at or near
J. Kirk's and thence by or near F. M.
Snell's via Roderic Mclnnis, and inter
sect the new Natchitoches road at or near
the old Stage Stand, at the parish line.
On motion of J. J. Deason, the follow
ing gentlemen were appointed to review
a road leading from the town of Lees
ville on the most direct route via Gip
Johnson's in the direction of Sngar Town,
and intersect the old Sugar Town road
at or near qrs. Barrington's, at the par
ish line; E. E. Smart, Elias O. Brian
J. W. Davis, Thomas Davis, Jessee Gill
and W. H. Kemp.
On motion of Elijah Pearson, adjourn
ed until 1st Monday in June, 1878.
W. J. SELF,
Attest : President Police Jury.
W.H SMART,
Clerk Police Jury.
LATEST NEWS.
The Railroad Decision.
Pluck Wins.
[Shreveport Times.]
Editor Shreveport Times:
The supreme court through Chief
Justice Manning rendered decision in
the case of the State of Louisiana ex
rel. New Orleans Pacific railroad com
pany vs. F. T. Nicholls Governor, and
others, reversing the decision of the
lower court and ordering mandamus
mdae peremptory, and two millions in
bonds to be signed and delivered to
relator.
Thus, by indomnitable perseverence
and pluck, E. B. Wheelock has
brought this grand home enterprise to
the high road of soccess. The re
joicing is great over the action of the
supreme court. G. W. DUPREE.
New Orleans May 6.-The Supreme
Court decided the great bond case in
favor of the New Orleans Pacific rail.
road. It declared the two million is
sue to be legal and ordered the Audi.
tor to issue $250,000 immediately in
compliance with the conditions.
When all the present valid debt is
funded, including 3506,551 of consoli
dated planters' asscemated bonds, the
debt will be only $12,089,128, leaving
more than enough loom for tIle two
million dollars for thb railroad before
the limit of fiften million dollars is
reached.
I. 0. B'nai B'rith.
The convention of district grand
lodge I. O. B'oia B'rith met to-day at
Odd Fellows' hall. About one hun
dred and twenty-five delegates and
grand o8icers were present from the
States of Alabama, Florida, Louisiana
Mississippi, Toneesse and Texas.
Packard's Beward.
Stephen B. Packard has been nomi
nated by the President, so-catlled, as
United States Consul at Liverpool,
England.
Election Riot.
New York, May 6.-Special from
Weldon Noith Carolina, says the elec
tion of county commissioners was the
occasion of a serious riot here this
morning between whites and negroes.
Both races had candidates in the field
and great excitement prevailed.
About 10 o'clock a riot began and
clubs, knives and pistols were freely
used. Quite a number of persons
were shot, cut and bruised. One man
a negro, will die, it is thought of iDja
ries and several others are regamuod
dangerous. A military company has
been telegraphed for to Norfolk, as
indicitions of a fresh outbreak are inl
minent. The presencefof the Virgi
nia military on the other side of the
river may have a quieting effect.
The Radieat Jrogrammie.
[Morehouse Clarion.
From what we can gather fiom oar
State exchanges, the Radical pro
grammoe in the next campaign will be
about as follows: No State organ
ization will be effected, but in the
strong Republican parishes full paro
chial tickets will be nominated. In
the Democratic parishes no contess
will be made. In those parishes,
however, which are considered any
ways doubtful, they will place in the
feld what they are pleased to call
"independent" tickets, which will be
composed mainly of old, broken down
Radical politicians, with a good man
mixed isl now and then to give it res
pectability. The candidates for Be
presentatives on these tickets are in
every case to be Radicals of tihe deep
eat dye, and they thus hope to elect
enough strait-out Republicans and
so-called independents to give them
control of the lower branch ofthe
General Assembly.
A tramp walked into St. Louis the
other day, and Chicago immediately rose
on its hind legs sad whimpred, "Now
they've got one majority.
I'EW AI)VERTISEMENTS: .
1U tWi l(f(l I'IIIsF vn Gaol -i
triges. Address, .1. Ikntn & b u. 1:1
& 13-4 WVood St., Pittsburg, 1';a.
50 That Sanford's IIadicali
$50
Cure for Catau 11ii i.i it
instantly relieve iii s nit
ily cure. l
Henry W1'ells. 1:"I., W,1l
Fargo &A Co(' .intoi, N.
For a Casey.; W\\m. lvii, 1i.,
M ic H atton, G r: unt e Srt.\ .
en. St. L4ouis Teti oHi
als and treatise ;i inwil.
of Catarrh Price, with nilptlcrs (I iii
haler, $1. Sobld ev1r1\
where. WEEKS & POTTEI . flroprii
tors, Boston, Mass.-vol. iv-no24- it.
O RGAlS! 1igheit honor at il
ti@! World's Exhtibition,.
LatestCatalogues and Circullar.s \\itb II to
styles, reduced prices anind mui Chi intran.I
tion, sent free. MASON & HAM31 IN t l?.
GAN CO. Boston, New York or Chicago.
PIA OS & ORRG1 S Atl atro pnrie
to close out our present stock it s NeY
and Second-hand Instrunments of ive liG
class makeis, fully warrantld :Iu'i it
prices that defy competit ionl ' th is fe : t
of Instruments. Agents wanted -ill hWa -
ters' superior bell organlls andl )itllno,.
Illustrated Catalorues Maile I. Iliul tu -1
WATERS & SON. Mlanlltflhet l elt mI
Dealers, 40 East 14th SNet Yn VI;. A lko
Geneal Agents for Sroningers (cll,)ratedc
premium Organs.
1812 Soldiers and Widows can now
(J get Pensions by writini to.1n,
Kirkpatric, Cambridge, Ohio Magistra
tee wanted as agents.
IA' Another battle on high 1 1
I NiO prices War with ilonotl- tititi1.1
olists remewed See Beatty's la i-st Ne;wspa
per for full reply sent fte. Il-lir· in ing
PIANO or ORG %N read my litest cir ularI
Beatty's celebrated Pianos & Oirga:i, Ittleau
tiful instruments! Challenllge eitn;trisott !
Rivals are jealons of toy sw nne >! t laItl.
succesful house in AImerica! CtInInI-elicetl
a few years ago without a dollar, salt-s
now nearly 2,10,o000o anlnlually. L.owest,
prices ever givenu, elegoat Iltosewootdl P'i
ano $135, 1ti stop Church Organs, 51i5,
WAR tremendous lbarigains inow WAl
ready, Address Daniel F. Beatt y. Viash
iugtou. New Jersey.
VEGETINE,
DOCTOR'S REPORT.
H. R. STEVES, Esq.:
DearSir,-We have been selling gout'
valuable Vegetine for three .years, :aid we
uind thatit gives perfect sati-f;Ictioi.. \'o
believe it to be the best blood lluritit-r
now sold. Very respectfully,
Ds. J. E. BROWN & (CO. Trnbggist,
Uniontownl, vKy.
DWSON'S CAINE PLSTE
was invented to over come tii greati ob
jection ever found to the old st-yl of ior
one plasters that of slow action in tIt inig
ing relief. Benson's Capcine ItIioroIs P11s
ter relieves pain at once mand nur's: quitk
ly. It imparts a sensation of glent l and
stimulating warmth, and brings rest and
comfort to the sufterer.
Benson's Porous Plaster rlectl- ed the
highest and only medal uawarded to plas
ters. Price 25 cents.
Each genuine Benson's Caperino Plaster
has the word Capcine cut tllhroulgh the
plaster. Take no other.
GREENBACKS
FOR BONDHOLDERS
GREENBACKS
FOR GOLD GAMBLERS!
GREENBACKS
FOR NATIONAL BANKERS!
GREENBACKS
FOR TIHE PEOPLE!
GREENBACKS
FOR ALL PURPOSES
For which money is used interchange's
ble at; par with Gold and Silver, in a suf
ficient quantity as to pronmote induistiy,
invite immigration, and dt-velop the re
sources of the country, is what the
CINCINNATI ENQUIBER
Claims is the only remeldy for Ihe ills
brougnt upon the country by Legisbition
and Laws, enacted for thit beneflit of ta
Monied Class, and the oppi-essiou of La
bor and Industry.
Government Credit sustains our hlotitis
for the beneilt of the wealthy, let the
same Ciedit
SUSTAIN GREENBACKS
For the benefit of the People who sustain
the Government.
DALY ENQUIRER, per year : $12 00
WEEKLY ENQUIRER " 1 13
Free of postage.
Agents wanted,
Send for specimen copies.
FABANA IcLEAN, Publishers,
Feb 23-3mo Cincinnati, Ohio.
TAX NOTICE.
STATE TAX COLLECTOR's OFvICmZ,
Natchitoches, March '2Sth, 1b75. )
THE public are hereby notioliltd that I
am now prepared to collect State and
Parish Taxes and Licenses now due.
The following discounts are allowed by
law on taxes paid during
April 3 per cent on Tax Bill
May 2 " I i
June 1 " ' "
L. N. LANE.
March 30-tf State Tax Collector.
FROM HER ASHES.
The Phmnix has put on new life and now
caters for public favors.
J Warren Suddath
has taken charge and DAN now dispenses
the choicest
BRANDIES,
WHISKIES,
LIQUORS,
CiGARS,
&c.
RICH ST. LOUIS BEER ON DRAFT.
Don't forget, ye thirsty, the PRENIX
on St. Denis Street.
Feb. 24.ly
J N. B. TUCKER,
Attorney ansd Counsellor at Law,
OVFICE
St. Desi Street, - Natchitocles, La.
W(ILL practice in the District anti Par
. leh Courts of Natchitoches, Sabino
DaSoto and Red River, and the Supremo
Court of the State.
All businees entrusted to his care will
Srecive proalpt attention. Apr 13.l1