The Report of the Sub-Commit- ` tlr,
tur
tee. inc
The report of Messrs. Foster, lim
'Phelps, and Potter is one of the MuoSt ere
resmarkable and important lpolitical ru
docnment of recent years. It hai St,
rarely happened that a Committee of St
Cougress deputed to investigate any !l
isbject having a direct partis:a bear- ai!
iog has been able to arrive at a unan. 111
nuous conclusion. Party consider;- p'
sinus ijave their weilht with the uhr
Iea Ot upright and patriotic of men, hia
swerving them from the line of irn- YO
partiallitV, sometimes against their id e
esolutions and without their knowl- .lt
edge. it was natural that a consis- hil
tent Democrat like Mr. Potter and a er,
stanch Grant Republican like Mr. tlh
Foster or Mr. Phelps simuld look at tai
the conduct of the Administration of
party in Louisiana with very different and
eyes. But whatever their sympathies slpi
predispositions mays have been, they i'o
were not long in discovering that to bei
the story of Louisiana there was only or
one side. They invited Kellogg and ha
his friends to state their oun case. wi
They titened to counsel. They ex- l
amined nearly one hundred witnessess foi
and heard wl:at will amount when yo
printed to fifteen hundred pages of Sa
testimony; and if common report ha
speak truth, the Republican members Shi
did all that honest men could do to Wj
find their party in the right. The re- by
suit has been laid before the country, of
and we believe no good citizen has tol
read it without amazement and indig- ev
nation. 1
For notorious as the rascalities of are
Kellogg's Government have always the
been, we never knew until now how pa
utterly without palliation. were its .
outrages, how complete was its sub- Fi
version of all the principles of a po
polar repulbican administration. The
wrongs committed by the Returuiag
Board hardly deserve the name of
frauds, for fraud supposes some pre
tense of integrity while the operations
of this precious company of scamps
were so bold as to be merely a de
fiance of law and justice. The com
mittee give specimens of the process
by which they reduced a Conservative
majority of 29 in the Legislature to
a minority of 3. The commonest
trick was to throw out returns on pr
pretense of "intimidation" of the ne- C0
groes. In not one instance, after the
most careful inquiry, could the Com
mittee discover that such a state of
things existed. The vote of the.
whole parish of Rapides was reversed i
on the affidavit of the President of
the Returning Board that intimida
tion had been practiced at three of ta
the polls, this gentleman no having
been in the parish on the day of $
election, and declining to give any
testimony before the Committee. It ti
further appeared that his affidavit had ei
been smuggled into the proceedings ,
of the Board without the knowledge
of the Conservative counsel, and t9
moreover it appeared, from the in- .
vestigations of the Committee, that p
his statement was entirely false. In
one place,*ertain petty local function i
nrirs appointed by Kellogg, and dis
ilaced by McEnery, had not returned 5
to claim their offices after the supll
ipression of the September insurrec- T
lion, merely because the officers were
inot worthi anything; that was called
intimidatioin and made a pretext for a
rjectinlg votes. In another case a
Federal Commissioner was visited by
a procession of citizens to offer bail
for certain persons under arrest, atnd
he called that a derision of his pro
cedings which was "calculated to
intimidate the colored voters." Inn
another cas'e, where there was a Con
S servative majority of 1,000 a Radical
Supervisor stole hisown returns. In
another case the Supervisor hiid him
self until the time within which the
returns were required to be delivered
to him had passed, and then where
they showed a Conservative major
-ity he refused to receive them; htt
if the majority was the otlher way the
limit of time was not observed, - No
negro could be found who professed
to have been intimidated. No white
man had any evidence tlhat such a
thing bad been done. On the con
trary,the Committee report that the
violence was on the other side, and
the wholesale military arrests of Con
servatives for political offenses serv
ed." Otherwise tiey believe the re
cent electiou to have been nnuonally
free end fair. Respecting the sonat
itog of the vote, they reach the ~very
moderate conclusion "That the a
tion of the Returning board on the
whole was arbitrary, anjust, and il
legal, and that this arbitrary, unjust,
and illegal action alone prevented the
beturo of a majority of Conservative
members to the Lower House." They
coald not say less than this, and if
they had not possessed an enviable
power of self-control they could bard
ly have said so little.
SAnd what manner of governalent is
Sit that thus usurp Oauthority and per
pe'' tuates its usurpation by sitting
asidel elections ? The Committee
tels that itla hba orgaalmation of
i drsPtRiapt g hated sad despid by
the wole people d "ol phld
by th$ "Fedetal military? .4he Go
eraor wields a degraeof poer sear
SeLy exqre~sea by any soveriga in the
world)n His' Legirsurh b ol
-shed and set up courts in order to
Ill the bench with ]is creatures.
verys kind of politidal ontroi has
heenlodged in his hands. The police
frae of New Orleans has been turned
into as armed~State militia stbject to
his oderse. The extnriordinary elee
tim law has given him absolute con
trot over the registratio, casting,
iul onatingof votes, ad made it
'last imposible to dislodge him.
Wel uit, approprations of moeoy
:!-aced at his dsposl, and ni
of memooolies are ereated for
his benafit. Jnder this system of
.epatmio the searities of the State
hisvhtlea in two years ftom 80 to
todof the City of New Orleans
8gD) to 40. B ies is destroyed.
U alues are rapidly tuombiidg.
0~~ln no lnser Th paid pa
throughout the country parishes are
turaing freebooters. The public debt
increases even beyond the generous
limit of the law. Kellogg and his
crew grow rich while Louisiana is
ruined.
There, gctlemen of the United
States S;enate is a picture of
!ourj[ doings, drawn by three of the
ablest of your own associates. D)o
not imagineo that you can humbug the
people by throwing the blamne of this
shocking state of athiirs upon Wil
liami Pitt Kellogg. lie is nothing but
your creature. You allow the Pres
ideut to trust him i nto the place he
abuses. YoU have retllsed to t'rn
him out when youl have had tlhe pow
er, though you have known for 1uore
than two ears what he is. You sus
tained hiti, ip spite of the disclosures
of the Senate Committee in 1873;
and you mean to sustain himn now, in
spite of the revelations of Messrs.
Foster, Phelps, and Potter. It has
been a worse crime than negligence
or servility on your part ; for you
have done all this with your eyes
wide open, that you might use Kel
1ogg to control the vote of Louisiana
for the Administratiou. Go on, if
you choose, and complete the outrage.
Sanction all that the President
has done. Seat Pinch back and thank
Sheridan. Tihe people will settle
with Kellogg and all the rest of you
by and by. Meanwhile the Report
of the Sub- Committee passes into his
tory as the most terrible indictment
ever brought against any political
faction by its own members, and there
are many of you who will read in it
the death-warrant of the Republicais
party.--'. Y. Tribune.
FiUancial, Coummurcial and Biver laws.
COTTON STATEMENT.
On lhand last report........ 3950 bales
Received during week........ 141 "
Total receipts......4090 "
MARKET QUOTATIONS.
(It shouldl be remembered our qnota
tions are fobr round lots, at retail, higher
prices will have to be paid.)
Corrected Weekly by Carver & Taylor.
Cotton........ ......................II 13c.
)ides, dry..................... ..... 12) -c
lides, green........................... 5 t ic
U.Tcos.-Thle market is in limited stpplv
Clear sides are quoted at 18c; shouldhers at 13c;
lBreakfaet '-ascun ut 19e.
FLOUv.--ls in good supply with fair demand.
We elluote XX at SO 50): low XXX 7 eiT7 23S and
good XXX at 8 73; Choice XXX at x9 3); choice
family $11 Si.
PoRK.--None in the market.
B.acut;s.--In fair aspply. demand fair. ITemp
and juteat 19c; per yard. No India in market.
LAenI.--Il light supply with good demand. In
tierces 2)c: in kecg 22.
HAns.-Are in light supply and demand limit
ed Canvassed are quoted a 20c.
S u.T.--In good supply. Liverpool coarse sells
at $225 per sack. Fiee 15'ice igsher.
SEEtU G1x1AI.--None but rye In market which
is quoted at 81 75 per bushel.
Iuios TIcs.-The market is in good supply.
The arrow is held at lt and the button at lue.
tper pound.
MoLe'ase.-Scarce. Cholae Louisiana is be
ing nold at--; prime at 9~c. per gallon. By the
keg $8 oW,, 9 50
CoAL. Oi.---Is in good supply and is held at
1 50c per gtllou.
ToAcco.--Spply good. Good medium is
quated at 65e. and tine bright at 99c.al1 2 per
pomnd.
ComEp-The supply in limited and demand
8 good. Prime at 25 and choice at -
wv..-.No Carolina in market. Louisiana is
held at ile. per pond.
SColcs.-is in ,;ood supply but no demand.
it OAP.-Extra olive bar 10e.
Su :n-Louisiaa.prime is quoted at :- yel
low clarified a l2 c; crushed and powdered a
Wt uatser.-White and Red tre held at $1 50
er galloue; Bourbon commands $56 50 per gal
0 SnoT.-Ts in good supply with fair demand and
sold at $2 75 per sack and buck shot at $3.
Powawn.-The supply is limited and is held
at 5)o. poeronnd.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
MULE STOLEN.
A Mule stolen from my of,
plantation near Grand Bay
on, Red river, about the lstday
of October last. I will give Twenty
Dillars reward for his delivery, and hope
somebody will be able to say "UHE Is
YoUR MULIL."
Said mule is a light Bay, or Sorrel
horse mule ; is about fifteen hands and
three inches high ; six years old, rather
light bodied; walks long and holds a
high head. Has no brands, but I think
has a small wen or lump about his pose.
It is believed he was taken by a Freed
man calling himself Win. Lawson, alias
"Hankins," and traded for a large sway
backed Red Roau horse, near Campte,
Natchitoches, or Tiger Island.
Addres, " ISAAC MUNELL,
Feb. 6.-4t. Minden, La.
1875. AGAIIN 1875
-LOUISVILLE WEEKLY
COURIER JOURNAL
Continues for the present year its liberal
arrangement, whereby, on the 31st of
December, 1875, it will distribute impar
tially among its subscribers,
S10,000
In presents, comprising Greenbacks and
nearly one thousand usefnl and beautiful
articles.
The Courier-Journal is' s long-estab
lished, live, wide-awake, progressive,
newsy, bright and spicy paper.
No other paper ofter such inducements
to subscribers and club agents Circunlrs
with fall particulars and specimen cop
ies sent free on application.
Terms, $2.00 a year and liberal ofers
to clubs.
Address, W. N. HALDEMAN,
Pres. Courier.Journal Co., Louisville, Ky.
BUIST'S CARDEN SEED.
JUST RECEIVED direct from the grow
er, a fall supply of the above celebra
ted seed, onion sets, and early rose pota
toes.
'Boist's Garden Manuals for gratuitous
distribution at
Jam. 9-t TRICHEL & AIREY,
CITY HOTEL!
Corner CAxe and GiOa vi Streets,
NEW ORLEANS, LA.
IlUIFOi3 ud WATSON, Proprietrs.
Dec. 5-tf
City Billiard Saloo00.
(LAcosTE BUL'ILO1i, Front Street)
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
A. KAFFIE, Proprietor.
TI11S house is openedl for the reception
o f guRis.ts, andl being the lest fur- G
nished and finished Hall with uiore con
velnic'lles. it is the resort of tile elite o1'
the City.
A l line Bar i att:;chle to the lliiliartd
Parlors, where the best and pr:st, of dire
Wines and Liquors, and the clhoicest Ci- i ie
ga,4 c;t 0 e loi ainlhd.
Lunch furnished at all ihours 'oIr a DR
reasolahl:h: charget . Flre Lulnch every
day Irolu 11 A,. dl., to 2 p. M.
.Jan. 2.-ly.
PLEASANT HILL
MALE AND FEMIALE SCHOOL.
rpill: next session of this school will
I (orrlenclle on the eleventih day of
.Jannary, and close on the first day of
July, b17i.
TEIRMS :
Primary Classes per mouth $3.00
Cla,,ses comninencing Latin, Geome
try, Algebra, Rhetoric or Phi
loiolilhy 4.00 In
Classes in Caesar, Virgil. Greek, A
Trigonometry or Surveying 5.00 All
Board to be had in gid families at OR
reasonalle rates. Any one wishing
more deflinite information, will address
J. W. FOSTER, A. M. C
Jan. ?2--ln. Principal. pi
sat]
C. C. CHIArLIN. T. P. CllhAI.'x.
CHAPLIN & CIIAPLIN. try
Attorneys and Counselors at Law.
St. Denis St., Natchitoches,,La.
1I TILL practice in the courts of Rap
ides, Grant, Winn, Saline, DeSoto,
Red River and Natchitoches, and the
s Supreme Court: of the State.
Claims pronuuptly attended to in any
part of the Union. Jan 2-ly
J. W. SIDDATII. JOHN CIHAMBERS
SUDDATH & CHAMBERS.
i Forwarding, Receiving
--AND
Commission Merchants,
GRAxD ECORE, LA.
c --dealers in
DRY GOODS, anocenRis, HARDWARE,
I. CUTLERY, &c.
d And a full and comnplete stock of general
nlmerchalndise suited to the wantsof the
colutry trade.
p Consignments of cotton and merchan
t* dize thr shipment solicited and prompt- 1
Sly attended to. o0
t. Oct. 24-1y.
le ARTHUR'S ILLUSTRATED g"
SHOME WMAGAZIIE A
FOR 1875.
Bright, cheerful, progressive, always up
at to the advancing thought of the times.
i The Homie Magazine takes rank with the
or leading and most intllential periodicals
of the day. It is on the side of temper
nd ance and true christian morality. What
ever is hurtiful it condemnns without -
fear or favor, and makes itself felt in the
homes of the Ieople as a power for good.
The Great Household Magazine of
America, i' more thoroughly identified
with the people in their home tmand so
so cial lifle than any other periodical in the
al* country.
.n "Deborah N1rman; hler work and her
reward." A new serial story by T. 8.
eld Arthur will he' eommenced in January.
"FIFTY YEARS AGO; or the cabins
a of the West," by Rosella Rice. We an
nounce this new series of articles with a
- real pleasnre, knowing as we do that it
will be amon0g the most attractive that
we shall offer our readers nlextyear.
Miss Rice, besides holding the pen of a
ready writer has in her possession a large
amount of original material from which
ity to draw, and a wide acquaintance with
pe people whose personal remiuiscence are
Is rich with pioneer incidents and experi
ences.
rel "Homes for the' People," a series of ad- t
ad mirably suggestive articles on homes and
er how to make them pleasant and attrac
a tive, by Mrs. E. B. Duffey.
nk "The Story Teller." This department '
ie. will be unnusually rich. Besides an
ed- abundance of short stories, two or three
las serials will be riven during the year.
sy- "Pipsissiway" Potts the inimitable de
te, lineator of home life and character, will
have an article in every nunber.
Butterick's newest patterns for ladies'
and childrens' dresses are given by hpe
cial arrangement every month.
The Mothers'Department will be care
Sfully edited and have suggestive articles
from our best and most experienced wri
ters.
The Housekeepers' Department will be
full anld practical, and contain many con
Stributionas from experienced housekeep
ral ers.
of "The Lion in Love' and "The Interrup.
ar- ted Reader," two large and splendid pre
mium engravngo. One of these is sent
free to every subscriber.
$2 50 a year is the price of ART.HIR'8
ILLUSTRATED HOMIF MAGAZINE.
adu In clubs; 3 copies for $8; 6 and one ex
ifl tra to the getter up of the club $12. 10
'and one extra $20. rp 15 cents must
ab- be added to eleh subscription for pre
ve, payment of postage for the year. Spe
cimen numbers 15 cents, in currency or
itt postage stamps.
'irs T. 8. ARTHUR & SON,
op- Philadelphia, Pa.
PEOPLE'S LIuE.
RE GULA R Alexandria and
Grand Ecore Low Water PACKET.
For Grand Ecore, Montgomery, Mouth of Cane
River, Alexandria, Norman's, BarliIn's,
and all way landings on Ned
River.
The Al extreme light
draught passenger steamer,
BRADISH JOHNSONI!
JOHN HEINN, Master.
WM. CULBERTSON, Clerk.
W ILL leave New Orleans every Thurs
day, and arrive at Grand Ecore eve
ry Sunday.
For freight or passage apply on board
Oct. i7._ý;
L CAhT'ARL M. llET'MlCil.
Casrtri & Dietlrich ,
(Lacoste lluilding)
FRONT St., NATCHITOCIIES, La.
GRAND opening of a NEW MAMM3OTH
FALL mid WINTER STOCK,
direct from the New Orleans and Eastern mar- 'Ih
kets, eonsistitg in part of ry 1i
1ll .1
DRY (OODS, 1.xV.)
CLOTHING,
Isn 1
HATS, ,,d;
BOOTS, 4: 0
Sexccl
SHOES, .a
G1OCEIRIE, allot
CROCKERIY, i
I ARD- c
WARE, &c., &e.
LADIES AND GENTS' ll
Ari
FURNISHING GOODS.
In fact,
A full line of GOODS for the country trade W
All of whirch they atri seiUing at less than NEW W110
OILEANS PRICES tric
FOR CASH.
Call and examine the largest nd mosnnt com.
pletestockl ever brought to this market, and -
satisfy yourselves as to their prices.
ri Highest price paid for Cotton and cour
try produce, in cash or merchandise.
Dec. 5--1y.
HENRY GENIUS, '
tioli
Worker in Tin, Copper and e
SIlEET IRON. bll
Corner FRONT & TRUDEAU STS.,
NATCHITOCHES, LA. ere
ty
slun
of
ell
A o sWid
Also, constantly on hand all Mainds co
tR
All my stoves sold at city price and fre
fully repaired. t(
HENRY GENIUS, th
LIto
esinnotlt 2 Line.,
: Fal HE and Winter Arrangement.OVE
For Grand Eost improved, Montgomeryns, Alexandria
Pineville, Norman's, Barbln',
And All my stoves sold at city price and ,'
giarnteedThe Aas reprMgnient and fasti
ral drunning side-whoffrdl passenger de.
Drooc SINNO, , &. taster.
s. iC. AM .To,
S 5 P. ., returning leaves, Grand Ecare
every Tuesday at17, 12 7., and Alexandria every
it Wednesday at i .
S Tlle steamer Arragent.
owill leave New Orleans for Grand Ecore a in.
w ill leave New Orleans for Grand Ecore ad In
termediate landig everW y Tuekday atnns. .
This arraTgement will ,Mnientine until high
water perits the BA T A ABL to resue her re
atFor freight or passage apply on board or to
G. C.Iis, JULES E. MESSI, Agent
a T. J. )M. oWY ARTMAN,
Sign, "The Tral leavelers' Rest."
n. Te rudteau Street, NcrrocS, L.
d OARD frnished by the sngle meal, day
Swill leek or mave th.w Orleans fr lGrw as thre anlowest n
anThis arrangement will akntiafoe dntil high
E UBSCRIBERpit s th AnT A tohe Greu Eor re
ulPACKET COMPANYtrips, of wicar de lhereby notifiedn.
-that' the first ornpastame t of the amountr to
slmeed (25 r cent o each share) isget
be gnow due. "They are respecstfully invi
oted to come forward ante sinettle at once da
Stheir indebtdness. lo as the l
I By order ofthe et the maDiret ors,
L. DUPLEIXo- ec-.
Nov. 8.-tf. Agent.
River, Alexandria, Notice.rman's Bar
bin's and all way landings
10 PACT CPTe AINY, arend verey nolight draughts
e- sucbel (i pnger cent o each sme r ) is
pat- no due. The Seminae wirlbe replaed bcflly invia larg
or Wil t l to comseforward and settlea at once
teamer ind Lebn. eassengers can be as.ed
Fy order of thage ap)irectors, o to
Nov. . K.-gtf. Ageut.
1 Ftolhor fPdsreih or 1 nbor rt
WEEKLY ENQUIR.ER, o0n,
A Paper for the People, a Frie'ld (: the "
FIrner and Industrial Classes,
A ,IEA.UTIFUL 9( ll
NEXW C(1I-O1 O 1i s,
ENTITLED eati(
"Perry's Vit a ry!" I
(;; ido crery ; (10O Sub.s;cribehr.
This Iceture lrepresents Coen. Oliver I1. Per.
1r 11 II the "'t o 1f pi sini from' o(! i. ship to ,l . -i--t r
i a snm ll oIpen lot. thl ni l i' he Inat of lat, .At
expt'sed l to he fire of the een. y.
It )Iesures Iiu by S',} Incihes,
I. rti,icall lUiishid li thih 1.1,o c4 ,, s a'i l i<
ellltll lll t-till, m( os0 1 i r.il1,t e lln"h!0 hromii I've'
i il're a i lrP l i l'n t I , l hivg oi( ,rf it Xl.l It
'exclusivee, la s:1ol. 1' it, il^ thei rlefre
areo tlillt'l d l) p'h sel nt . it t' 00 t 11 :, Il:c., r In: 1i . :thov l. l
The EIr o!uIII sP i , ,ll lvoral pre 1i91, "t ais a
first clhis Newelpapt.r. ItsI v i',us lde;rt iiil:eIlt l
allotteid 1i
Editorials, . 11umllnroros, .
Corresponldence, 'elcyrapi '
.Andl Genera! Neus. IT
All giv'e evience of it he ear' uitll pnli s talen ' 1he
to supply it : realtrs vith aill the IE4W$ ta1 :n i olur
variety lV itr teading tlhat lllrt1i itail Ito ilterlst ' iZ
e 1hill and every tiiio e-O of tie hltl· nvihoild. .ull. i
ertcri li. thucl i o ^h i 11, 14 orl. s ,ed tl ii i-.4 to i S, 11, :1
We dhre iilt 114* aet nt every Il Oitice. and fill
whi'ere' t1 ' are Vle t y llltlpitinted, ltt o-iie of our atti
fricude apply foru the uell, iy. rit t
Addlilr, II(
FARN & Mt'LEAN, Publishers, ciii
-- -- ^'CINCINNATI. )t. upji
3e I il$
WEEKLY AND D)AILY FOPl 1875 '1
Si r-regi
I'The approach ill of the rlltlll i ial elcl. t El
tolh gives tnusuali l.l imlllortl'ille to the
events 111ul de;vei'plimn1n.t1 of 175. \VeI
shatll endllavor lto desrieiI tateiti fully, j 1cii
e:l a circulantion of over sevetly thou- ii a fi
.sintlI clpies. Its relhls 4' lir filili i (11
every State and Tlerritory, and its ilulli- Ino
ty is well kinown to tu l pub lihc. . W
h11i 1 not only efideavor tio k.ee it fully ,lo
up to the ll11 Standardl, buint to improvec
Ianid add to iits valriety anld power. i the
THEI WEEKLY SUN will co('ltinue to 'II
be a thorough nlew spaper. All th news ,
of the day will be tfinnd in it, coidins- 1i e
eld when unimportant, lit till length .ol
whel of imotlIlent, and always, we truist, Tli
treated in ai clear, interesting and in- .tI
structive manner.
It is onr aim t toimke Wile Weekly t Sun he
the best fatiiily liCewslalper in tithe world.
It will be full tof etertaini4ig n111 ill- 111iin
plrolprialte reading lof every sort, but will lilt
print nothliig to oflend the mto.st scrupu- il)i
iulls tand delicate taste. It wiill 1lways it I
contaiiin the imost interesting stories aid rY.'l
romances of the day, careluily selected 1is5
a1i lelhgiblly Irinited. art
The AgriCuituiral D:'partnllit is a on
proliuelt featur te in the Weekly Silu, wi
tland its articles will always be fnouud Al
d fresh and useful to, the farmer. pr
The uni1ihe1 r of imel indepiendenlt in Jarl
poiitics is increasinig, and the Weekly 41i
l Sun is their plaper e;specially. It belongs ul '
tio no party, alnd uilt'a no dictation, con- tic
tending for principle, and for the election I So
of the best men. It exposes the eltorrup
tiou that disgraces the country anld cti
threatens the overthrow of republican it14
institutiols. It has no fear of knaves, pli
and seeks no favors from their support- tit
The mnark,'ts of every kind and the lta
fashions are regularly reported in its 111
Scol0ulns. 111
Th prie prinz of the WEEKLY SUN is ole ill
dolhlr a year r a s4heet of eighlt pages, CO
and tifty-six cohllunis,. As this barely
lpallys e'xlensiett of paper tild prilnting, we
i10 niot able to make 114 dil scounlt or a|l- Pl
low 1ly prenium to ftiends who lmay
Iliakd SjleCilil cllirut to extend its circulha ti
tionl. U hider the new law, whhch r- li
quilires cayleltitl of plostage in alvatice,
ole' dollar Ia yclr, with twenty oe]ts the
t cost of prepaid, p. state . ded1, is the rate
o r of subscriptiol. It Ias not licessay to a
get tip at chi il order to have the tWeek- -
ly 8111 at this lrate. Any otie who st'Es n
o0ie dollar tl1t41 twenty cents will get the a
paper, plost.-piid, fhr a year.
Whe have no traveling agents.
at Ti'e WEEKLY SUN., Eighit pages, ry
re fifty-six columnns. Only $i.'0 a year, is
ry jtoitage Itrepaid. No discount from this ,e
rule.
THE DAILY SlUN.-A large four-page in
. newspajler iof tweuty-eight colnmls 'i
Daily heinrulation over 12i I00. All the A
leWs for 2 cents. Subscription, postage t1
preptlid 55 cents ai mouth, or $650 a year. e1
To chils of 10 or over, aI discountl of 20
1n per cent. Address, 54
"TIE SUN," New York City. ci
The Saturday Evening Post.
The Oldest and lBestStory Paper Pub
S ishied.
5 Founded August 4, A. D. 1821. 1
For mloret tha half a century the *
Saturday Evening Post has beei the d
GREAT LITERARY WEEKLY a
of the Country, and has ever or1e .a i
widespread and unhllmliiishled reputation
y for thie llunsurpassed purity, retliienlent
eat and excellence of the Serials, Skectuhes
and Miseellaneons reading mllatter. c
It is pre-eminently
IThe Best Family Paper (
that is published in this coln try, from its
lE never contaiiing alythiug that would
Ni offlid the feelings of any one, either in
ed a religious or political sense, or that
nt coutld not be read at any tireside without
Sis objection from the.nlost fastidious.
vi- e circuuhttion of tile atunrday Even
ac ing Post, through not qulite so larige
perhaps, as sts younger contemporaries,
is not, like that of s Oie of tiheil fl ticta
ating, and too often short-lived, but
* SURE, SOLID ANDi SUBSTANTIAL,
- bised upon the intrinsic merit of the pa
periself and uot delneldolit ont any ex
tl'3itoils inlliuences, such as the populari
ty of individual writers, &c.
Good, however, as the ESatnrdaiy Even.
ing Post haes been in th past, it is our
intention to make it still better in the
future, antd with t'ais object in view we
wgt will eflect a mn:ked improvement in eve
ry departmluat of the paper, and will
call to our assistance writers of admitted
Erk. ability ajd known replutlition.
By increasing its former attractions,
and addhing many judicious and pleas
larg. ing novelties, by studying how to please
and cultivate the popular taste, by in
o ,ereasinll industry and enterprise, and by
8 enlarged facilities, we hope to Imlike new
flin. jfriends with each and every issule and
igbhi continue to maintain the claim of the
atlor Saturday Evening Post to its title of Tna
r to OLDEST AND THiI BEST of Family Story
IPermis to ~ul scrhYer OeYa cns:n n~li'ro~e .u w
9 C.9o l icr i u .U J PI oir iuio 1 I ;
Ti, any: ohe stnl:; '') fir a ('1ii tit
9, unn :tddiijonni copyN w-ill 1e ren FlKI
'rospcrtus' 1f ;-- 1i1:h:h Year.
T .E P.ART JORhN.AL OF A 11CIIA,
ISSU)E 3'TI1JLY.
A Mnýida nOit t : 1 ',t.;:,:l.ir ',1L'
oca'i'ri. d lO l t."i
Th it;c' t't :it ut a le in l; r ri 'dir m t rii f:"
the ',llipi & S ti:t i :l ol " tut` l | 'ohictions ,'
our grlatt :ii wr " .-:. :l ',:. + .i jia ct+';
otille , mild I,:"l.'y e ll, i hli t ie I'.,ld
iloi t. : ie to li lli  oi \ .:a a !. 'it .;: ii tia
flilui'ers which ot) intlv: r1, '1':y ! n,+w td c 1
attiii tt hii thI c, untry 1 ,t  lt:: 'ailii :.i
art joturn ial, l did :.,at ,rvi- *h.. bl r
l'llncl oftit. pl :1g1tri of A:tritat" to Il l.:
i claiii(s ti P f tigh :ll.. 'r ,:l l:. ;I :i" a a l pl'r.pti-r
S tlil tre ii i a ii ltla' i 'i ll l::i iil a ;r l : itl .
to maueeg it welt' *shaa l i1, tli;aeI bleii. at
regilarity, ilhts Iohll ' i f tilt' llio;r, , ti)'
lit;ict;)" lale~eitatii' a , l i' lit ' t" . a i:'
p:p ri' di'id hi. tI .t i , ,:, t::t I i,:n clli
li' plr.ligr ht l d : , l tail+l.: th l'ur -: li;r r i lnt ld:
-1 cille tioin oft' pi :i!':>:,, the r, pra :|,ci
eol s t ail rti.te ,. .ill. ii it i: i i: A i n ilitd.
lthouiigh acth.,u uldnl ith ali titl"li' t'i'r lbi
Safresh plasu:re i, i1 i.- li i+ Itt,, th'e ia:Ii
valuIe and ib.aity of ot chle Al:;i'l'l wi l h
most aiqprreiatcd air 0:r it L..r hist i1 bUndltl,
ip) at the cilo,,e of tI yeare~.ar.l 'lh of ci 'b
jouri:ls nita cltiuh ..1 erior chal. isa asli
ctipared with i .a I -.' ailr cl .lo ,
thei AL.IN i ris a u1ic nai u iui na.ihtul l;o
teltioi--aloin ati l unilbp;irii'oblcl:t Ii - aiti)
lllt'il te l tithout l :atletlio l ih l a1ra. o or
Chiiaracter. The la.-,t' , I a 't oiillaeta
voihlllr e( uaot (h!i) ta tl c a qith qi tl.al y ai
lies lll' iiild e rlll ,, it , i t Iai i o1 other
shiap oir" liamiiil' ir tA luli. filr it(it ta .Il
is icost;t andi th.', titce, is atle tlaChr o,
beside!s
National feature,'il iof 3. L.II.
;imust be taken in : iiarll 'ro;" W.a .. 'Tili ato
art ii cosmiopoliUia.. W,'hihd, ''" t.L
l)INE is a: strict"l Axt;r itcl ir: titiloil,
it Ilues inot c(ulihi'e tsli-f :iihly t t ihe
I reIproduction of iuat i-iv; art.f its ]1ssitn
is Io cultivate a itloail auInd :tPliarat tliva
art taste, one that Iwil! il i:l'liniitte olil"
Oiln grounllds of intii.i;c lmril:. 'Thust,
ivwhile placing bieftorc I ue'+ ptraol l! 'lfillE
SALD)INE, as a leadin chraiaterlitir. tihe
iiiiproductions of the miiO.t . Otedi Alit 'icai"
artistss, attention will 'tlays le givei It
Sspecimeis oliii .J iirii ic n r; rs. ii giving,
aiubscribers all the ,le:.:alti t a:i t ilt irue
. tioli obtainable iroln holie Ior;,f tl g
s sources.
The artistic illustration of Ainriealni
I scenery, original with THE ALDINE, ii
i an important feature. mald its aaIniiihienIlt
plates lre of ie size or nilapil r aopri:it, loi
the satisfactory treat 'nliit of details
than can be afforded 1.}" iia, inierior
e ipage. The judicious' iunte ,Irsrsihan a;f
i landsape, llarine, figure, oi14 tuiunitial
subijects, sistaiil i l l iii luaitt.d ilt-reit,
e ihapossible where the 8lscole of lthe wlvrk
4, confines the artist too (losly to ia sinthgl
y style of subiject. The lit:rat'iure i ,' TilHE
e ALI)INE is a light :nid grnaceful , 'oie
I- paniiieit, worthiy of the artistic tia
" tures, with only stichi technicail diislrisi
tionius id do not-ilnteintlrhr{ with thi lte 1101.
Slar interest of ihoiwvurk.
Premilluml for IS75J.
e Every subscriber for 1875 will receive
o a beautiful iportrait, in oil 0i0l'0s, of ihlao
siame noble dlog whose pct-ure0 i:i ia lofr
s Hier issue attracted so nuch l lia l tttli ion,
e "MA1N'S UXSfELFIS11 FlIElJND"
will be a welcome in every home. Eve.
rybody loves such a dog, and the portrait,
r, is executed so true to the 1it', that it
is seems the veritable plrilsence ofl the i
mIli itseltF The Riay. T. De Wiltt Tal
nluge tells thaIIt his own ~cw ioiundland
dog (the inlest in Brlokliyn, lharkls at it !
e Although so niatral, lio oie \iwho sea
e this prenmiunm chromo will have the
i. slightest air of laeing bitten.
i Bleside the chirono, -very ailvalce
subscriber to TIlE ALDINT 'for 17.3 is
constituted a J iueL r, iand entitled to
all the privileges of
THE ALDINE ART UNION.
• The Union owns the orihinnls of all
THE ALPINE haictur'es, which, with
other pintings ad ellLitgavings. areli to
e disriued aolig the memaer. To
every series of 5.O&' subalcribers. 10111 dii.
Lre tirent pieces, vahlted at over 82.50O are
distributed as soon as tie series is lull,
and the awards of tacih sLr s as nintw,
are to lie publishedti i i i te ,i:t sicceult,
a lig 1i110 of THE ALI)INE. This iaa
n tmure only applies to stiib,.el.rihrs oho pa}y
it for one year in ahdvaiace. Foll !auitiei
e lar' ihi circularcelir nl on application cii
closing a stiui.
TERMS:
t Oie Subseription, eCtitlimv to Tll &
ALDINE one your. the Cri'oaeo
in and the Art Uidou,
, a No charge bor itotta ,re.
ge Specimen Copies of THE AI.DINE, 50 ets.
e' The AL~Ixrt will hereafter l, bdahnjmhlaaa
a only by eulbscription. Thor,.te will he iao
reduced or club rate: cash ilr "tisiCeri!)
tions luist beseit to thea pithlisiui's ;iri' f,
pa. or h|aniled to the 1o0cl caivaaker, wititont.
* responsibility to ilh' pnlishlterm, aulay in
in- cases where the certiflarate T gi\ei, hear
ing the tflc-simile sigl'natura; of ,JIaiites
en* Sutton, President
IIr CAxVASSEUS WVANTrED.-A t" pt'ion whila
the wishes to act peraniiatuitly as a local ,ali
w a vasser. will receive ftil ~an lproiml ii -
ye- ormiation by applying to
ted TIHE ALDINE COMPAIN4Y,
58 Maiden Latti, NEW YOiIK
Boot and Shoe Maker.
i(HALLENGES the world f'r untners
and ldurability of .ork S:tisfactLi.l
in fit and material gl'llll.-d
Shop 4n sit. D'eni S:,.
.,ºne 0-1c.