tO~piet' W1inhalhiD.
0 FF I CIA
raperefthe Parish and City ofNutthitoehes
JLA. N. (1 suROVE4 . •. Editor.
SATURDAY, - - - FEB. 9, 1678.
Political quiet.
The death that awaits a Republic
is preceeded by a clamor on the part
of despots, aided by weak men, for
quiet-political ealm-a cessation of
aggitation by the people. To-day,
history is repeating itself, and this
seeming desire for the welfare of the
citizen, which is lshown by such con
sideration held out by the opposers of
a "Coustitutional Convention, will
end, as it las always ended, in disas
ter and ruin to the people of the
Common wealt Ih.
Political agitation is the life blood
of a Republic-quiet and calm, sunch
as the ninnies now ask, its winding
sheet. For a year or two after re
construction had settled upon us,
"political quiet"sneceeded, and it was
the boast of Warmoth, that the whites
of Louisiana were the "best behaved"
in the whole South. That "behavior"
was the lethargy that usually pre
ceeds death. jt was a fatal sleep,
foem ht ichg happily we were awaken
ed in time to save, at least, our de.
molished and ruined homesteads, and
a remnant of our liberties.
And" yet to.day, we find men in
sisting on "political quiet"-loudly
clamorouo for a "cessation of politi
cal strife," when the end would be
political death.
All men must understand that the
history of the world goes to prove
that one continual battle has been
waged, from theo foundation of human
government down to the present
time, between the rights of the gov.
erned and the exacting demands of
the governors. It has been a strife
in this country, conducted with va
ried success, between liberty and a
licensed centralized despotism, claim
log the power to dole out such rights
to the citizen as may suit its interest.
When newspapers presume to urge
i cessation on the part of the people
of a rigorous strife, they but invite
them to surrender their rights and
ibetttes to the few despots who cloak
their efforts to secure unlimited pow
er under all manner of subterfuges
this cry of "political quiet" being the
most plausible and the most dan.
gerous.
No. The people mast be ever on
the alert. "Eternal vigilance is the
price of liberty !" ,nd when the hour
comes in this country in which "po
litical strife" ceases and political quiet
succeeds-the nation will be wrapt
in the pall of political death; the
gloom of slavery will mantle the face
of our Republic; liberty will be en
chained, and the people be known as
a free people no more.
Our Legislature 0
Up to the nuinr of going to press-- ti
after 34 legislative working days, has o
done nothing to recommend them to
the eonfidence of our people. But a
26 days remain, during which to dis
couss those Constitutional amendments C
which are to be submitted in lieu of C
the call for a convention. Every 14
usae man kInows that during that 0
time, not half the amendments--aye
not one tenth required" can be acted
upon, simply becmse it is a physical e
impossibility,
We still cling to out opinion, that C
the session will end with a call for a
Coastitutional Convention.
?l Shreveport Tinses dh$ad: The I
jaudiciary committee of the house pre- I
seated a majoity report on the bill to '
respel the set creating the Louisiana 1
Lottery Company, and recommended I
its passage. A minomity report was
submitted by Mr. Voorhees, who is of
the opinion that if the act is repealed
the state will be called upon to re
fead the bonus paid by tie company.
The special committee on retrench
maeat and reform has reported favora
bly oa the bill abolishing the con
atructive mileage and limiting the
cos pentatioo to 08 per day. Tle bill
hae been made a special order..
Mr. Ifaimn' ftroduced in the house a
bill to license gambling Institutions.
The Picayune mrakes the following
comments on tie proceedings of the
legislature:
It i becoming evident to most of
the members o the legislature that at
the presenattate but ansmall portion of
thm isessary legislation will be com
pleted.
There have been introduced in the
house already nearly three hundred
bill, and in the senate about one
hadred;.also an immensc e number of
putiedes memerials, etc.
VUlens the regular order of business
is adhered to it is apparent that but a
aga portion of these bills can be dis
ed ofi aking Into eoesideration the
fetha the report of the committee
de enestitutlonal amendments and the
itg chRtet will shortly be laid be
fes the general assembly. Is. theme.
a uext a sesltoo in view I
The hlgitattou echemers has at
las etambted. Two ore State oe
emI- with $3,su salary for the presi
la d s good one for his secretaty.
Let the A egslatureo st downi on tbatd
~st ltU erso at ever the 81Sta
hivnt l b assely last year. The
lss sas --by having
trait _ s01 t im. people-oill,
who b" paseroq,. .y way.
The Result of Bargains.
In January 1877, the question arose
in our party--and for that matter
the same question had been broached
and its suggested policy adopted on
each such occasion, for the six years
anterior to that date-which was,
whether it was better to buy the ene
my off, or to fight him ; pnd the
buyers prevailed when the 'question
was put to a test in our counsels.
Mind you-our buyers did not pro
pose to disband their fighting men.
Oh, no! that was to be all along a
part of their stock in trade, in fact
tlhey carried more of that article of
merchandize than any other-"immn -
nity for past political offtences," ac
cepted.
Now this policy--miscalled a "peace
policy," was put in force, and all our
old clothes-dealing politicians were
called to the front. Men, whom the
weakest child in Louisiana, lisping
at its mothers breast, would not
trust out of its sight. And they have
been to the front erer since; making
that victory which was heralded forth
to the world in cane presentations
by Kidd, payment of Packard Police,
speeches by Young and yells from
the gallery generally, as the work of
sublime virtue, the laughing stock of
our sister commonwealths of the
South and a disgrace to the honor
and manhood of Southern blood.
Tile "redemption" of Louisiana
presents to the outsider; first, the
gallant, glorious battle and victory ;
second, after the defeat of the enemy
the traders and barterers come to the
front and reduce the gallant achieve
ments of the fighting men to the
victors paying tribute to the van
Squished, and third and last, the ter
B rible agony these trading fellows are
now in to explain away their action
in the redemption (!) scheme as afore
said.
Our telegrams are burdened with
ef xplanations from this one, and de
g nials from that one, and every fifty
cent note borrowed by any of these
gentlemen--oeven for cocktails in the
morning.-has to be fully explained
to a gaping crowd up North, who teel
they have an honorable set of people
on the hip, through this same bar
B tering and trading, and are indulging
in all manner of flings to torture and
wound them.
If this trade won't bear public scru
tiny-let our traders quietly shut up,
and Mr. Chandler and his crowd will
only have the echo of their own voices
tot answers to their impertinent ques
tioning. If there has been nothing
dishonorable in these tape-measuring
political blunders of Jannury
r March, 1877, out with the whole thing,
and silence Chandler's crew for ever.
--"Let them call it mischief;
SWhen it's past, and prospered, 't will be
Svirtue."
New Orleans Pacuife Railway.
Representative Kelly of Winn, has
introduced a bill in the legislature of
this State granting aid to the New
Orleans Pacific Railroad. We are of
tihe opinion that no enterprise can be
of such material interest to the city of
New Orleans and the State generally
as this railroad. Representative Kel
tey's bill proposeaqto lend the States'
credit to assist in the construction and
completion of the road from New Or
leans to Shreveport, and the State line
on the route from Mansfield to Mar
shall Texas.
The State is to issue bonds not to
exceed $2,000,000, payable in forty
years, beating six per cent. interest
per annum. The bonds loaned to the
Company are to be secured by first
mortgage on all the property of the
Company and the Comlpany is prohlib
Ited from issuing more than $5,000,000
in first mortgage bonds-one-half of
which most be pledged to the State.
The bill provides amply for the pay
ment.of tile interest by the Company
and protects the State fully from, any
,f failure on the part of the Company.
d This road will be a paying one from
the start, and the action of Repreaen
tative Kelly will be cordially endor
sed by the entire people of the State,
who desire the prosperity and a de
velonpment of our material resources.
War Notes from Europe.
The following is the latest state- i
meat of the result of the armistice '
between the Russians and Turks.
The Czar's telegram to the sultan: 1
"I desire peace as much as you, but
it Is necessary for us that it should
be a4 solid and durable peace."
Thele is thaunkgiving services at
all the churches in consequence of the
armistice. Flags are floating all over
the city. Preparations are beieg
makle for a brilliant display to-night. 1
There is great satisfaction in Conu
stahtinople at the settlement of peace
preliminaries. The following are the
condition of the protocol :
First. The creation of Bulgaria
into a principality.
Second. A war indemnity or ter
ritory in compensation.
Third. The independence of Ron
I mania, Servil, and Montenegro witb
i an increase of territory for each.
Fourth. Rufoars in Bosnia and
Hersegovinia.
t. Fifth. An ulterior understanding
between the sultan and the csar re
garding the Dardanelles.
SSixtha. The evacuation of the Dan.
ublan fortresses and Erseroum.
England is still disetisled, while it
is said that Austris wont submit at
all to have Turkey dismembered and
destroyed as so EaropseU power.
tahe New Orleans Daerent gently
S4*fai up the General Assembly of
tlhe tate on its duty-to call a Corn.
stitutional Convention and adjourn.
The loffettt Register.
We sincerely trust our legislators
will turn a deaf ear to the clamor of
the barroom keepers of New Orleans,
and adopt this much needed mode of
revenue.
The genius of taxatilo is in reliev
ing lands from all burdens possible
to make them, from light taxation, a
sought after investment for capital.
Louisiana is purely an agricultural
State; abounding in vast landed
wealth, and her riches and prosperity
must spring from their development.
It is, in our estimation, useless to
nask immigration, of tihe class and
character of inhabitants we desire,
while the present burden of 14? mills
rests upon our lands. No citizen will
come forward and invest his money
Swhere it assumes such a taxation.
SIt has been estimated that a net re
B venue of at least one million dollars
can be derived by the State from the
Moffett Register. It is reasonable tt
suppose that the present rate of taxa
tion on real estate can be reduced to 9
mills. What an impetus even this
would give to the development of our
farms, and with their increase in val.
ue, this could be ;educed to a mere
nominal rate of taxation in a few
, years.
The reduction of expenses-other
r than clerks and pages salaries-with
the adoption of the Moffett Register,
would go far to prove the sincemity of
e our pledges to the people, and we
earnestly entreat our Legislators to
adopt some relief to the already over
burdened real estate of the common
wealth.
Surrender of Wells.
NEw ORLEANS, Feb. 4.-Ex-Gov.
Wells was brought to the city by the
morning train of the New Orleans
and Mobile railroad. A carriage was
in waiting at Claiborne street inter
section to avoid the crowd which had
gathered at Canal street depot. Wells
was taken to the parish prison. He
is suffering from a slight attack of
pneumonia, Dr. Smythe, his phlsi
cian, was sent for. Wells declines to
answer any qutestions as to his reasons
for leaving the town or surrendering.
The current report is that he sur
rendered to save sureties on his
bonds, but the fact is his counsel ex
pected to get a favorable jury out of
the new panel which was drawn for
the present month.
Receiving but cold contort from his
friends in Washington, Wells returns
-and lie returns principally because
a favorable jury panel has been
drawn-for him.
We are fully preparjd to see Wells
go scott free. The people demanded
his trial and conviction-his guilt no
man questions-but a combination
has been made to secure his, and the
entire Returning Boards' acquittal,
which the Attorney General, the
Judge, nor the people can overcome.
This matter ends or will end in the
political seclusion for life-the self
hermitage as it were-of more than
one, at present howling, Democratic
Conservative retormer. When men
claim to be extra-honest and conduct
political battles on the principle of
throwing high-dice the quicker they
are sent back to the rear the better
I for the citizen of the State. Selah !
LATEST NEWS NOTES. of
New Orleans. t
General Assembly protests against re- W;
duction in Sugar tariff-Returning Board of
refused transfer of ease to U. 8. Courts.
Motion for Commission to take testimony
denied. At noon, 26th, when ease was
called, Returning Board failed to an- C
swer, and Judge Whitaker stated that B
Oourt was not to be trifled with. Bonds tl
declared forfeit, judgment nisi entered, U
and capiases issued for the arrest of ac
cased-Sheriff Houston proceeded to
Custom House, where Wells, Anderson,
& Co, had bolted themselves in, and de
manded admittance in order to execute
warrant of Court for their arrest. Mar
shal Wharton took charge of the U. S.
Marinee, and his chief deputy arrested
the Sheriff. Judge Billings refused to
bond the Sheriff, as he had not been ar
rested upon process from his Court. The ci
following is Judge Ogden's letter to ft
Cha's. Devens, Attorney General, U. 8 : a
To Hon. Charles Devens, Attorney Gene
ral, United States, Washington, D. C.:
Four persons- J. Madison Wells, Thom
as C. Anderson, G. Casanave and L. M.
Kenner-who are under an information 0
for felony under the laws of the State, I
- forfeited their recognizance. and have, I C
B am informed, taken shelter in the ens- 4
tomhouse of this city. Writs for their d
arrest are in the hands of the sheriff and s
he went with the writs to arrest them, t
t understanding that they were shut up
in a room of the building. He was
dbout tp force an entrance for the pur
pose of arresting them when- he was
himself arrested, as I am informed, upon
e affidavits that be threatened to open the r
r door by force. I am not aware of any E
g cessioan of exclusive jurisdiction of this
building, nor of any law that would give
immunity to offenders against the state
law within its walls. Please inform
whether the federal government has an
thorised or will sanction this condnet.
a [Signed] H. N. OOGDN,
a Attorney General, Louisiana.
At a conference between Assistant At
torney-General Egan, United States Dis.
trict Attorney Lacy, Sheriff Houston and i
- Marshal Wharton, it was agreed that E
I the status quo shoull be maintained un- R
til telegraph instructions are received 1
d from Washington. The sheriff still keeps I
his men around the eustomhbose build- I
g ing.
Mr. Goode introduced in the state 1
. senate a resolution directing the Ju
dieiary committee to report a bill pro
it viding for the removal of the seat [of
it government to Baton Roage.
Mr. Gary has given notice tihat he
would introduce a bill in the legisla
l7 tore making it a misdemeanor for pa
f rents-argardians to refuse or neg
" lest to send educable children to
school.
OUR WASHINGTON LET'ER.
W.ASlIsTosO. D. C., Jan. 20l, 1878.
If Senator Blaine had the same
command over his own passion that
lie has over tile average Republican
of Maine, lie would be a wonder in
deed. lie would compel respect '
where lie now receives only a ques- s
tionable sort of admiration, and his bi
opinions, now utterly disregarded on
all the questions of real interest to F
the people at large, would have V
weight. We may hunt the proceed- I
ings of Congress through from the (;.
time lie first entered the House to '
the time when the other day, he need
lessly and inopportunely attacked
the State of Massachusetts, and we
shall not find one important measure
which originated with hinm or one to
which h gave gave character. He Jias
not the confidence of those with
whom lie serves ; nine men in ten, in
Congiess, will tell you in advance m
that in anything Blaine proposes I
there ill be somethingseltish or sen- ti
sational and nothing that is broad or ti
patriotic. The attack on the past of ,
Massachusetts is an illustration of si
what I mean. There is not a mem- I
ber of Senate or House who does not u
agree with Senator Hoar that, but for *'
the fact that Massachusetts helped e
to defeat Blaine at Cincinnati, the ai
criticism on Massachusetts would not
have been uttered. The boundless
self of the Senator must make a fail
ure to support him a cause of attack
dpon the history of a State.
The debate on the subject of silver
r in the Senate on the 24th inst., was
interesting. Senator Lamar made a
lengthy speech, declaring that lie
should vote against remonetization.
f Senator Thurman took exactly the
B opposite ground. It is believed a vote k
will be reached on the Matthews re- n
solution to day, and from that vote
we may judge pretty well whether or
not any renonetization bill pass over °
the expected veto. Estimates of the
vote vary considerably, but the best
opinion seems to be that two-thirds
of the Senate will not vote for the
resolution. If not, of course they
e will not for the remonetization bill,
a and then, if the expected veto comes,
a the silver men have only left to them
Sthe resource advocated by Ben But
I ler, which is to attach the bill as an
a amendment to some one of the ne- f
e cessary appropriation bills.
f The cases of Gen'l. Runkle restored c
- to the Army, and Dr. Draper, to the
a navy, come lp in some form every a
s day in Congress. The Judiciary
Committee of the Senate have charge
of the investigation of both cases.
s Curiously enough the same Congress
which proposes to condemn Mr.
if Hayes for his action in these cases, is
r about to re-open the case of Dr. 1Ham
mond, formerly Surgeon General of
the army, dismissed by sentence of
Court, Martial 14 or 15 years ago. It
is to be hoped Congress will not make
e fish of one case and flesh of another.
a It seems to be the general belief
entertained here among politicians of
every school that the efforts now I
making apparently to re-organize the
i Bristow faction and to put that gen
0 tleman in training for Presidential I
n nomination by the next Republican
Convention, will prove quite as de
cided a failure as was his candidacy
, in 1876, though lie should come en
Sdorsed and urged by the present
* W~ite House incumbent. It puzzles
theose here most familiar with his
achievements as Secretary of the
Tr reasury to account for the distinc
n tion sought to be conferred by giv
. ing him a "State dinner" in any way
other than to suppose it intended to
formally endorse him as a suitable
t person to succeed Mr. Hayes. The
f careful grooming, so to speak, that Ihe
y has just received at Boston at the
hr andls of the click of hermaphodite
politicians, who dominate political
affairs in the Bay State, is pointed to
as confirming this view; but outside
of a few personal adherents, most of
them credited with nothing higher
than interested motives, Mr. Bristow
e was about the most unpopular here
d of any of the several candidates who
made tile race at Cincinnati in June
S1876; and hlie was almost forgotten
i when it was announced that Messrs.
u Schurs, Evarte and Sherman of the
a- Cabinet, Senators Edmnnds, Allison,
t Beck and Davis and Chief Justice and
Stheir wives and daughters would
unite with the President's family in
honoring Mr. Bristow at a State Din
ner given last evening at the White
SHouse.
ALBION.
Drowned In a Cistern.
(Colfax Chronicle.)
Last Baturday night a little negro
boy, named William Brandon, and
aged about twelve years, fell in the
cistern at the back of Mr. C. H. Mumni
ford's store, and the fact was not dis
covered until Monday morning, when t
tile body was found floating on the
water.
Saturday night Mr. Kraft asked the
little fellow if he could get a bucket
of water. As he disappeared and did "
not come back that night Mr. Kraft J
concluded lie had ggone home. Sun
day morning a trope and bucket was
discovered in the cistern, when it was
supposed the boy had dropped it .in
the night before, and,,. becoming
frightened, had run horme to his motJ
er, and still nothing wae thought of
it.
It seems the child's mother all the
while supposed hle was in town and
gave herself no uneasiness as to his
wheteabouts, and no one suspected ý
" the truth until Monday, when the
horrible discovery was made by a ne
gro man, who had come to catch the
bucket.
The Parent of Insomnia
The parent of insomnia or wakelthness
I is in nine cases out of ten a dyspeptic
t stomach. Good digestion gives sound
- sleep, indigestion interferes with it The
d brain and stomach, sympathize. One of
a the prominent symptoms a weak state of
I- the gastric organs is a disturbance of the
great nerve entrelot, the brain. Invigo
rate the stomach, and you restore equli
e brium to the great centre. A most relia
ble medicine for the purpose is Hostet
ter's Stomach Bitters, which is far prefer
able to mineral sedatives and powerful
f narcotics which, though they may for a
time exert a soporific Influence upon the
brain, soon cease to sot, and invariably
injure the tone of the stomach. TheBit
Sters on the contrary, restore activity to
the operations of that all important or.
.gan, and their beoifieent influenoe is re
* fleeted in sound sleep and a tranquil
state of the nervous system, .A whole
some impetus is likewise given to the ao
o tion of the liver and bowels by its use.
Feb. 2-4t.
N1'EW ADVERTISEIENTS.
VEGETINE.
HER OWN WORDS. 1
BAIUTIsOItE, MO., Feb, 13, 1r77.
M. H. .. STVNs Ps
Dear Sir,--ince several years I have got a
sore and painful foot. I hadl some physicians,
but they couldn't cure lme. New I Ihave heard B
tf your VEGuETIPE from a lady that was sick a P,
long time, and became all well frontm your VE(;
F.TINE. and I went and hIight me ol;n Ibottle of
Vegetine ; and after I hatd used olne, bettie, the
pains left me, anid it began to heal and I bought II
one other bottle. and so I take it yet. I thank hI
G(od for this remedy and yourself a and wishing
every sffthrer may pay attention to it. It is a
blessing for health.
Mtrs. C. KRAlIE, 638 West Baltimore Street. 11
VEGETINE.
SAFE AND SURE. ii
MR. I. R. STR~vs. 3
In 1872 your Vegetine was recommended to
me, and, yielding to the peisnasions of a friend,
I consented to try it. At the time I was stiffer
ing from gereral'debeility and nervous prustra.-.
tion, superinduceº,by overwork and irregular
habits. Its wonderful strengthening and cnr
. alive properties seemed to affect my debilitathd J
vstem froml the first dose ; andl under its per
I sistent use I rapidly lecovered. gaining more
than usual health and good feeling. Since then
I have not hesitated to give Vegetine my most
unqualified indorsement, as being a safe, sure.
r and powerful agent in promoting health and
restoring the wasted system to new life and
I energy. Vegetine is the only medicine I use;
anti as long as I live I never expect to find a I
better.
Yours truly, W. H. CLARK,
120 Monterey Street, Alleghany, Penn. C
VEGETINE t
THE Best SPRING Medicine.
CIIALEsTOWNu.
H. H. STEVENS.
Dear Sir,-This is to certify that I hare used t
your "Blood Preparation" in my family for sev s
et al years, and think that for Scrohula or Can.
B kerous Humors or Rheumatic affctions it can- a
not be excelled; and as a bloodl purifier and I
spring medicine it is the best thing I have ever J
B used, and I have used almost every thing. I
r can cheerfully recommend it to any one in need
of such a medicine.
r Yours respectfully. 1
B Mrs. A. . DINSMORtE, t9 Russell Street. 1
t- -* t
VEGETINE.
WHAT IS NEEDED. s
BosTo, Feb. 13, 1871.
H. R. SEVErS, ESQ.
Dear Sir.-Abont one year since I found my.
self in a feeble condition from general debility.
0 Vegetine was strongly recommended to hme by a
- friend who had been much benefited by its
use. I proenred the article, and. after using
several bottles, was restored to health, and dis
t continned its use. I feel quite confident that
there is no medicine superior to it for those
complaints for which it is especially prepared,
' and would cheerfully recommend it to those
who feel that they need something to restore
them to perfect health.
e Respectfully yours, I. L. PETTITGILL,
Firm of S. M. Pettengill & Co.,
No. 10 State St., Boston.
VEGETINE.
Af ALL Have OBTAINED Relef,
SoUTtH BERiWICK, Ma., Jan. 17, 1872.
H. R. STEVENS, Esq.
r. Dear Sir.--I have had dyspepsia in its
wf worst form for thle last ten years. and have
taken hundreds of dollars' worth of medicines
without obtaining any relief. In September
iv last I commenced taking the Vegetiue, since
which time my health has steadily improved.
My food digests well, and I have gained fifteen
I- ponnds of flesh. There are several others in
t this place taking Vegetine, and all have obtain.
ed relief..
Yours truly. THOMAS E. MOORE,
Overseer of Card Rooms, Portsmoth Co's Mills
1 "ECTINE.
It PREPIARED BY
R . I. 8TEVEN8, BOSTON, ASS.
Vegetine is Sold by All Druggists.
ypYLTE B ARODIf0
ie MRS. C. A. M'KENNA.
e Has opened a Private Boarding House
e Corner THIRD and SIBLEY Streets,
to NATCIIITOCHES, LA.
e Where the permanent and transient
of publlic will be entertained with the best
r table the market affords.
W Feb. 9.-tf [ TERMS MODE RATE.
re -
Nlotice.
IN pursuance of an ordinance of the
I School Board to that eflect, the public
School Teachers of this parish are hereby
notified and requested to meet the under
signed committee at the office of Win. II.
Jack in the city of Natchitoches on
Saturday, the 16th, day of February,
inst., to receive the balance due them on
their salaries.
W. H. JACK, Secretary.
A. E. LEMEE, Treasurer.
H. M. LEVY, Director.
Feb 9-2t Special Committee.
NOTICE OF DISSOLUTION.
The law partnership heretofore exist
ing between Chaplin, Cunningham and
Chaplin is this day dissolved by mutual
consent, but all basiness matters of the
old firm now pending in court will have
the attention of the undersigned.
C. CHAPITI,
J. H. CUNNINGHAM,
T. P. CHAPLIN.
Jan. 12, 1878.
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMEiNTS,
SUCCESSION SALE.
Succession of H. E. Ternier.
BY VIRTUE of an order of the Parish
Court in and for this parish, will be I
sold at public auction on
Thursday the 21st day of Feb. 1878,
in the town of Campte, to the last and
highest bidder-
One cow and calf--one yearling--one
saddle, belonging to said succession.
Terms--Cash, subject to appraisement. I
SAMUEL RAPHAEL,
Feb. 9-21, Administrator.
Sheriff's Sale.
Mary C. Hunter, Administratrix, vs. T.
C. Donovan.
District Court-No. 8145.
BY VIRTUE of a writ of Fi. Fa. issued
in the above entitled and numbered
suit and to me directed, I have seized
f and will offer for sale to the last and
highest bidder at the door of the Court
House in the City and Parish of Natchi
toches, on
akturday the 16th day of March, 1878,
the following described property, to-wit:
A certain tract of land or plantation
1 situated in the parish of Natbhitoehes
i and on the right bank of Red river des
Sceending containing one hundred and
Sthirty (130) acres, more or less, bounded
above by lands of Robert Simmons and
below by lands belonging to Robert Sim
moos together with all the buildings and
I improvements thereon.
Terms of &Sale.
>- CASH-with the benefit of apprasement
D H. BOU T JR
Feb. 9 -tds. hcriff,
Jad muent.
M. E. Blanchard, wife of Win. Payne vs. ,j
Her Husband.
District Court-No. 8155.
IN this case by reason of the law and
the evidence being in favor of the
Plaintiff M. E. Blancharil, wife of Win.
Paynle, it is ordered, adjudged and decreed I
that there be judgment in fitvor of M. E. t
Blanchard, and against her husband Win.
Payne, dissolving the communiity of ac
que.ts aind gains heretofore existing be
tween thetm, that the administration of I
her seperate property be fully restored to
her, and that the Defendant pay costs.
Done and signed after having bIeent read
in open Court on this 5th day of January
1878,
(Signed) D. PIERSON,
Judge 17th District La.
I certify the above to be a true and cor
reet copy of the original Judgment on
tile in my office.
Witness my hand and official seal, this
31st day of January, 1878.
JOHN LAPLACE,
Feb. 2-3t D'y Clerk.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
Jas. Miltenberger & Co, vs. Mrs. Mar
celite Trichell.
District Court No. 8035.
S'' virtue of an alias writ of Fi. Fa.
lU issued in the above entitled and
numbered suit and to me directed, I
have seized and will offer for sale to the
I:at alnd highest bi dder at the door of the
Court House, in the city and parish of
Natchitoches, on
Saturday, 16th day of February, 1878,
tie following described property, to-wit:
All the usufructory rights of Marcelite
Trichell, as survivor, in community of
Sev'erin Trichell, dee'd., one half intere-t
in and to 567 acres of land, situated in
I the parish of Natchitoches, and being the
same acquired by Sevetin Trichel, by
act of partition executed before Wm.
. Payne, Recorder, on the 30th day of
.June 1860, (Recorded the same day)
between Severaun Trichell and J. A.
SLandreaux. Gilbert Trichell, and Adelaid
Trichell, wife of Adolph Vienne, Severin
. Trichel, taking for himself in said parti
tion, 567 acres of land, bounded on the
north east by Adolph Vienne's, and
south west by J. A. Landreaux's, situa
ted on Bayou Bourbeaux. All in town
ship 10, range 6. west.
Terms of Sale :
CASH, with the benefit of appraisement.
D. H. BOULLT, Jr.
a Jan. 12 tdas Sheriff.
BY C. E. OIRARDEY.
EXTENSIVE AND VERY VALUABLE I
School and Convent Property in the town
and parish of Natchitoches, La., with a pl
large tract of land highly improved as
and admirably adopted for anll institu- ra
tion of public utility, educeational es. is
tablishment, hotel or farm and resi- cc
dance combined, on easy terms and long fo
credit. m
BY C. E. GIRARDEY, Auctioneer-Of- sa
tflee No. 31 Camp street-Saturday, pl
Feb. 16, 1838, at 12 o'clock, M., at the ai
St. Charles Auction Exchange, in the ro- es
tunda of the St. Charles Hotel, in the city cc
of New Orleans, will positively be sold at
public auction- or
THAT HANDSOME AND EXTEN
sively improved property, situated on
Old River, and extending back to Sibly's
Lake, in the town and parish of Natchi
toches. La., and lately occupied and own
ed by the Ladies of the Sacred Heart.
It was formerly known as the residence
of the late Dr. James Taylor. The tract Ic
contains about 200 acres, more or less, as tl
per plan and sketch, which will be exhi- tig
bited at sale. A portion of the land is
finely timbered with pine, ash, etc., and
interspersed by running streams and sev
eral spaings of excellent water.
The improvements thereon are an ex
tensive and substantially built three sto
ry brick edifice, conveniently arranged,
with large galleries wide halls, airy and
well ventilated apartments affording ac
commodation for at least 200 pupils.
Commodious outbuildings, and all the ac
cessories and dependencies of a first-class b
educational establishment.
The grounds surrounding the bnildings
are luxuriantly shaded and have been in
a high state of cultivation, with fruits,
flowers and vegatables.
The property is exceedingly picturesque
and located in one of the most aristocra
tic and healthy parishes of the State.
The buildings are erected on an emi
nence commanding an expansive view of
the beautiful town and surroundings of
Natchitoches.
Corporations or religions societies in
quest of an establishment for an institute *
of public utility educational or hygienic a
purposes, will find none more complete
or combining greater advantages. i
The property is equally desirable as a c
magnificent residence, farm or hotel.
'lerms and conditions - One-fifth or one
fourth cash, and the balance from one to t
five years' credit, at the option of the pur
chaser, in notes of equal annual install
ments, bearing all the usual clauses of 6 1
per cent per annum interest current, and
8per cent. per annum eventual interest,
and secured by mortgage and vendor's
lien on property sold, the 5 per cent at
torney's fees in case the notes given in
payment should have to be sued upon to
enforce collection, and the improvements
to be kept insured for a sum satisfactory
to the vendor,, and transfer the policy.
1 The purchaser to assume the taxes paya
ble in 1878 over the price.
B Act of sale before Octave lYArmas, Esq.
e Notary Public, at the expense of the pur
chaser. Jan 26.4t $19.75.
SUCCESSION SALE.
Sucuession of Francois Valdsi.
BY virtue of an order of the Hon. Par
ish Court of Natchitoehes there will
be offered for sale at public auction, on
Wednesday, February 27,1878,
at the late residence of the deceased
h near the city of Natehitoches, in this
i Parish, the following movable property
belonging to said sucoession, to-wit
3 Oxen.
1 Wagon.
d 2 Ox Yokes.
3 Plow s.
e 1 Set plow gear.
2 Bales of Cotton, more or less, in the
seed.
1 Black Horse.
2 Axes.
1 Double barrelled shot gun.
Also the following real estate, to wit:
A certain tract of land situated in the
. Parish of Natehitoches, about one mile
north of the city of Natchitoches, con.
talning forty-one 2'7.100 acres, and repre
sented on a plat of survey filed with a
proces verbal of sale in the Succession of
Jean Bte, Prudhomme, as Lot No. 2,
3 bounded on the east by lot No. 1 of said
d plat belonging to Augustin Ronques, and
rt west by lot No. 3, belonging to John and
- E. St. Ann Prudhomme, acquired by the
deceased at the Succession sale of J. B.
, Prudhomme, made on the 7th day of
SNovember, 172.
STerms of Sale.
CASH on the spot.
SJ. C. TRICHEL,
J anJ O.--tde. Administrator.
SUCCESSION NOTICE.
ALL persons bolding claims against the
Ssuocemion of Francois Valsin, dec'd.,
will plses present the same to me or to
my Atttorney, J. H. Cunningham.
J. C. TRICHEL,
Jan. 26. Administrator.
Judgemenat.
Josephine Sherring vs. Wade N. L~,
her husband.
Pariah Court-No. 167l,
1 t this ease by reason of the law and
the evidence being in favor ofsh
Plaintiff and against the Itefendlant, it is
therefore ordered adjtiudged and decre.
that the Plaintiff do have a;nd recover of
the Defendant Wade Low, julgnent for
the sum of five huntldred dollars. That
her privilege aind mortgage on her said
husband's property be recognized and
enforced, as prayed. for. And it is furt.
er ordered tt:hat the community of as.
quets and gails heretofore existing be.
tweet her and her said hiuslinad he and
the same is hereby dissolved, and thatabe
have, in future, the right to adainister
and control her separ:ate estate. Defer,
dant to pay costs of this suit.
Done, read and signed in open c
on this 27th day of Nov. 1877.
Signed P. A. SI3IMONS,
Parish Judge,
State of Louisiana,
Parish of Natehitoches CU.EaR'S 0'nca.
I certify the above to be a trae and
correct copy of the original judgment s
file in my office.
Witness my hand and official seal this
9th day of January, A. 1). 1878.
W. H. TINNARD,
Jan 12, 1878. Cler.
Judgment.
TN this case by reason of the law sad
the evidence b~ing in favor of the
Plaintiff Emma F. Draughon, wife of
William H. Barbee. It is therefore or.
dered adjudged and decreed that the
community of acquets and gains heretp.
fore existing between the Plaintiff '
ma F. Draughon and her husband the
said William H. Barbee be and the aie
is hereby dissolved and that said Plat-.
tiff do have henceforth the sole ceeotr
and management of her separate eL
and the administration thereof and that
defendant pay costs of suit.
Done and signed in open court, on this
30th day of Nov. 1877.
i Signed P. A. SIMMONS,
Parish Judge,
State of Lnisiana, r
Parish of Natchitoches. CLERK'S 01icu
I do hereby certify that the above is
true and correct copy of the ori*gp
. judgment )n file in my office.
Witness my hand and official seal this
9th day of January, 1878. 1.
JOHN LAPLACE:'
Jan 12, 1878. Deputy Clerk.
JUDGMENT.
Tennessee Dnnkleman vs. Albert t ..
payrac, her Husband.
Parish Court, No. 1673.
I TN this case, by reason of the law ail
n 1. the evidence being in favor ofthe
a plaintiff, Tennessee Dunkleman, a-d
d against the defendant, Albert Somups.
L- sac, her husband, on the trial hereot It
a" is ordered, adjudged and decreed thattbs
i- community of acquets and gAins hereto
g fore existing between Tennessee Donkl.
man and her said husband be. and the
f- same is hereby dissolved. And that the
, plaintiff do have in future the right to
e administer and control her own separate
- estate. And that defendant pay all
y costs of suit.
Lt Done. read and signed in open Court
on this 27th day of November, 1877.
r- (Signed) P. A. SIMMONS,
n Parish Judp.
State of Louisians,
Parish of Natchitoches,
Clerk's Office.
e I do hereby certify that the above and
,t foregoing is a true and correct copy of
is the original Judgment on file in my of
i- tice.
is Witness my hand and offical
d [L8.] Seal, on this 14th day daa
uary, A. D. 1878.
JNO. LAPLACE,
- Jan. 19. D'y. Clerk.
ESTRAY NOTICE.
I' STRAYED before F. P. Meziere, J.
I'4 P. Ward 4 on the 27th December,
1877, by the undersigned. One dark
bay mare mule, small size. No brand;
marked with a scar on left hind leg.
The owner is hereby notified to come
forward, prove property, and pay costs
within 90 days.
A. M. GARRETT,
Jan. 19.1m. Campte, La,
SHERIFF'S SALE.
IH. Lichtenstine vs. L. Van Sehbabook.
Parish Court, No. 1595.
BY virtue of a writ of Fi. FL. 15a1ed
in the above entitled and numbrell
suit, and to me directed, I harve uised
and will offer sale to the last andalg
eat bidder at the door of the Court Heos
in the city and parish of Natchitoed
on
Saturday, 16th day of February, 17 ,
the following described property, to-wit:
A certain tract of land sisnated in the
arish of Natiches, containing twobai
dred and eighty acres, more or less, a1
being the south half of the north M
quarter of Section No. 31 township-l
range 8, containing 79 40-100 ares ,
The north half of the east half of'the
south east quarter of section 39, to*
ship 9, range 8, containing 39 72
acres.
The north west quarter of the
south east quarter of section 32, to"*
ship 9, range 8, containing 39 794W
acres.
The south half of the north east quar
ter of section 32, township 9, ranug,
containing 79 30-1000 acres.
The south .east quarter of the oith
west quarter and the north east quaft
of the south west quarter of sectionl ,
township 9, range 8, containing 79 6.
100 acres.
1 The sonth east quarter of the ooth
a east quarter of section 32, townships,
range 8, containing 39 72-100 acres, to
gether with all the buildings and.
d provements thereon.
Terms of Sale:
Cash-with the benefit of appraiseait
D. I. BOULLT, JR.
Jan. 12.-tds, Sheri
JUDGMENT.
e Lucy D. Prothro vs. L. E. Prothro.
Parish Court, Natchitoches, LonislSI
IN this case, by reason of the lawr od
evidence being in favor of the Platei
1 tift, Lucy D. Prothro, wife of Leonard
le Prothro, Defendant. It is therefbre
dered, adjudged and decreed that t0e
community of acquets and gains hereoS
fore existing betweeu her and herE O
o husband be, and the same is hereby dig'
solved, and it is further decreed and l
id judged that the said plaintiff, L~UnYa
id Prothro do have in the future the 08gt
to administer and control her sepW'_
e estate, and that defendant, L. E 
1 thro, pay cost of this suit.
of This done, read and signed in oji
Court on this, the 28th day of January,
1878.
(Signed) P. A. SIMMONS,
Parish Judge.
State of Louisiina,
Clerk's Office,
Parish of Natchitoches.
I certify the above to be a true sad
correct copy of the original Judgment aO
le tile in my office.
., Witness my hand and of
t ([L.8. ficial Seal, this 4th day of
February, A. D. 1878.
JNO. LAPLACE,
Feb. 9. D. Clerk.