OFFICIAL
Paper ofthe Parish and CityofNatchitoehes
JAS. H. COSGROVE, . -Editor.
SATURDAY, - - - JULY 6, 1878.
A Picture.
As a matter of serious contempla
tion we desire to call attention to a
few of the points in the constitution
of 1868 which are disloyal to repub
lican government. Article 1, Bill of
Rights, is a plagiarism of the Declara
tion of Independence, and declares
that "governments among men derive
their just powers from the consent of
the governed;" Article 2, enunciates
the baldest paradox thereon, when it
declares that we as citizens owe par
amount allegiance to .the United
States. Allegiance implies loyalty to
government when used in the sense
indicated, and the government spoken
of by the framers of the constitution
under consideration implied a power
directly foreign to the people, who,
according to the expression in the
first instanced article, are the deriv
itive power from which governments
are drawn. In other words, the con
stitution of 1868 contends that the
Creator establishes a creature and to
that creature the Creator owes alle.
glance.
Here is a vital principle of demo
cracy which the constitution directly
assails and which the amendments are
silent upon. Article 154 contains an
opposite, not only to the high sound
ing declaration of the Bill of Rights,
Art. 1, but to the very theory of re
publican liberty. It says that this
constitution shall be submitted for
ratification to the "registered voters"
of the State (meaning that every man
who was engaged in the defence of
his State and cause were rot included
among those to whom this precious in
strument should be submitted) in ac
cordance with an act of Cdngress for
the "better government of the rebel
States." The very idea that a con
stitution was necessary, not for the
happiness and welfare of -the peo
ple ; not because the citizens demand
ed it, but simply to govern them ac
cording as the ideas of an implied
greater power might desire, is so ut
terly repugnant to the very essence
of democracy that it is.appalling that
men should contend longer to retain
it. That in the beginning= this con
stitution should declare that all pow
or, all government, must spring
from the consent of the governed and
then to say that this very instrument,
intended as a restriction upon the
rulers, should assume being, have
legalized form, should be adopted,
submitted and ratified in accordance
with the demands of the `.Congress of
the United States, stagcps the whole
instrument with the indelible mark of
its creation. It isnot our prt1pose to
follow this constitntion through and
point out those defects which are ap
parent and which are repugnant to
civilization-those infamous carica
tnres which attentpt toassome Deity
and would force a commingling of
races in places of.commoi resort and
in publie schools. which the amend
ments shirk, an4 by that'sliykirung en
dorse, in a most coontemnptible and
cowardly manner-,bat;,we, only call
attention to where the very spirit of
the whole is violative of eery prin
iple of true democrdiicy ~id subver
sire of liberty. Ad to cap all we
conclude with the fellowing resolution,
among the last acte of a convention
that will stand out io history as an
instrument of despotism, which is
even more conclusive of the .f~cts we
are attempting to illusttrate that
the Instrument of 1868 id antl-rejab
lican. -
By Mr. Belden,
Resoled, That a committee of three
be appointed by the chaiz to wait rn
Htajor General Hancock. rpd juform
him that the Constitutioadl Coeen
tion has competed its laborb and' that
the (onswtitution is now ready to be
submitted for raatifatio to the qual.
ified electors of tlhe St4t. :.
Ouaseai ta PNls*
A correspondent oL the 't..0.: iem
oorat, whose letter we publish hrin this,
issue, tells as how a minority of votes
can control a paribsh, Ihe refusal to
submit the action of the parish con.
vention tgvoters of th whoileb parish
shows at once that Seator Subbs
knew where his strength lay. y..
There was joyin the namp of a
few newspapers ~vr Onaebita's so
tion, but tho joy we' fit aeort du
ration, for the vast majority of other
parishes laugjbd ,'t 'Oae;it or al
lowinog themselws galled in soach
an uapopular, undemocratic meodi as
the opposing of a (oalettio Con
veatlion. -
Riehlhand parlshhas erganied. Thei
Democrats of that para reftbsed to
pot say one on the:, Central d o'Co i
tee who was not in favorotf Coasti
tational Convention; Is thxladther
"gac," or what. .,
The Point Coupee Pelean has dis
covered the "wsda ditsrnce between
a Radleal and a Repqbliap." Bayes
le a Repoblca, , ppe~p9pq , and
,Joha Sherman a IjcaiCnamea,: I i
Those Amendments.
It is now a matter of History hone
the amendments were adopted. The
New Orleans )Democrat told that long
since. When the legislature assem
bled in 1878, -t knew as well as when
Senator White so declared at its close,
that further reform was impossible,
because it wos estopped by! the C(onstita
lion. It was known by that body
also, that public sentiment was al
most a unit for a Constitutional Con;
vention, and the members knowing
this, set themselves deliberately to work
and impudently raped public opin
ion.
Going back to the beginning, we
can trace this opposition to the Con
stitutional Convention to its true
source, and the man must be besot
tedly idiotic that cannot see it.
In the first place the plan of barter
and trade was adopted, and that was
our first step to the degradation we
have now reached. Money was re
quired, and Charley Howard, and the
other monopolists and the "hulls" on
Carondelet street agreed, in consider
ation that they should be sustained, to
furnish it. l)emas was bought, and
so were the whole Radical crew who
held legal seats in the Packard legis
lature, while those who did not have
even the shadow of a claim, save
what the Returning Board gave, were
paid per diem for ninety days, and
mileage.
Iloward's Lottery had a fee simple
title to the whole concern, and he
managed it from that hour down to
this.
A new Constitution implied an
enunciation of Republican principles,
and monopolies would have been
killed. A new Constitution implied
a reduction in the number of officials
which the present instrument has in
creased to a swarm. A new Consti
tution meant fair salaries to officials.
A new Constitution meant a curtail
went of all power now held by the
Governor and the Legislature; it
meant a government of the people
and for the people, whose rights and
liberties would be sacredly guarded.
All corporations, individuals and of
ficials, whose interests a new and
honest republican Constitution would
have effected, planned deliberately,
and with malace aforethought, the
defeat of that measure.
The first step was to denounce the
people as ignorant asses, who "did'nt
know what they wanted"-and this
denunciation came from men who
weie dependent upon those 'very pen.
ple for their exalted positions. The
Governor's Message was silent on the
subject. Nay, it was silent on all
subjects of statesmanship or utility
to the people- a dreary recitation of
evils, which the merest tyro knew
existed, without the suggestion of a
single remedy. The Lottery Comnpa
ny held in hand the bought Radicals,
besides a number of corrupt Demo
crate. All these forces were colmbin
ed, and the defeat of the people is
measured in the amendments.
We have never cared to study tjese
lostruments of our defeat with a view
to ascertain what a reform may be in
them. It is suficent for us to know,
as we do know, what motives gave
them birth. No benefits will ever
naccrue to this penple by their adop
tion, and we predict that when thakt
fatal step is taken the republican
eonstitution, the dreamn of the patri
otic Louisianian, for whiCeh he has
poured ount ld' blood, will' be indefi-"
niately postponed, and can never be
achieved save by revolution.
Pinchback has sprung the color
hine in the canvass for Congress in
thie 5th District. The Louisianian,
his papser, says thts:
Thank God! the time is past when
colored men can be herded together
and voted like cattle, in obedience to
the stern- dictates of rings and com
mittees, and that they can be no lon
ger ralliei under thie old election
shibalethaT · ,.:
Something more tangible and per
manentmust he promised to senure
even a respectable cohored'votej at the
hpproaohing election, for :Repoblican
nominees than timhe mere prospect of
pacty success, out of which they whil
get nothing bbrtithe hatred of. politi
tidaldoes and the neg$lect of political
friends-.
Jo far as the Fifth District is con
ernedl, the colored' voters are deter.
minAll 'to vote';for one of their owni
race, for Congress,' at the coming elec
tlon, all manipulations of committees
and eboventions to the contrary not
withstanding. And political ring.
masers had just as well 'tecognize
this fact now as later..
W6 trust the Ouacbits "endorsers"
will cI tI e attention of the "pres
gat. administration" to the fact·that
one of its pets has broke loose in a
new spot, adid needs "consillation'i
ibstatitly. A, lucratiye tai colled'br
slip 'onl. render lini quite "'Con
servative,." -A wrord to the wise, &c.
Twedtity-nind nbwspapes' in Loa
iiansa atre tor a Constitutional Cot
vention and several parishes yet to
hear'from. "
The ew Orleane  lmmocrat tim
pro;rsawith the age and:in popilarity
eery imour with the miistes. The
'clr actpdemocrap~y of its eitirals5 its°
laphi rnd newsy dispatces, well se
leoted4 lippingd'and super5 locals de
partihd~fplice it fa' beyond the. .7mne
or Pj.agnse in eiceMpcee, and ifs aed
-iveri ,auo'. t aDemocrat from a
pslmlg stenme1s pbry mail,Ihondnt
want any thing. " ' : "
The Merchant's P'arty.
New Orleans is like Iaris, shie mu.st
produce something new. and wovet i -
fill each anid every year or sht, ihke
the "q'teenU cily of tie world," is not
happy. The latelst senlsltInn is the
"'Merchants pilitical Marty," anld they
come on with a ltourish of tr'un;Ipl-s,
which no doult was intended to
make all the other 'small fellows anid
little parties" take to their holes
and hluni the holes in after them.
W'ell. We have had the trumpets
and the names of "starters" and the
other fellows did'nt hide worth a
cent. (en. Bussey--we think we see
hlim now with a hand-full of tickets
and a paunch well lined a ithl capon
and other things, skiplping arollnd a
primary. We have in our minds eye
Tom Bynum holding another Plenn
mass meeting--consisting of thile presi
ding officer and the committee on
revolutions--and we can imagine Tom
Airey full of benzine shouting "'rah
for'ray." Just think, my country men,
of John Chaffe stagget ing about town
with a tin torch, and W. 1I. Litcliford
as president of the Cassimere invinci
bles or the Brown drill guards, (each
and every one guaranteed full nmeas
nre, and warranted not to shrink in
the wash.) Why, the thing is funny
if not useful, and Minen those boys,
Burnside, Boyd, Bossy, Airey, Penn,
dont feel like turning out they can
hire somebody to run the machine,
which is all the same.
Old fellows, one question. What
does Penn want this time ?
For A New Counstitution.
Judging, and we think correct by,
that the several journals throughout
the State which advocate a Constitu.
tional Convention represent popular
sentement in their respective parishes
we find that the number of delegates
for a 'erPb Constitution, an agressire
can rass and for redeeming! Louisiana,
once and for all time, will number
from the country parishes alone, bira
hundred and serenteen, or about se en
ninths of the whole number, not in
eluding the city. From indications
the patriots baud, the Constutional
Convention delegation from New Or
leans will number one hundred which
would make the Newr Constitution
delegation stand, 317 to 10"2 for the
radiacl organic law.
It is safe to say that the question of
a New Constution will be carried af
firmatively by a vote of 3 to 1. Let
us work, those who have been faith
fill, to make the vote as near unani
inous as posible; in order to convince
those unreasoning people who thought
otherwise, that the people do "know
what they want."
A CALL
NATCrHITOCHES, L&., I
June 29th, 1878.
M. J. Cn-L.onHAMx Esq,
Dear Sir:.- The undersigned, your
friends and political associates. would
request your becoming a candidate for
the State Senate from this District. We
are aware that to do so you are required
to make personal sacrifices. but your pt
riotism and loyalty to sterling Democrat
'Ic principles; your unselfish efforts in
hebaf of party and people in the dark
est hours of our tribulations, lead us
to the opinion that you will lay aside
your personal.desires fbr the public g. od.
Natchitoches wishes to present to her
fellow citizens of the several other par
ishee of this Distric% a canldidate, who,
not only po esses the enpahilities net
essaly for the position, but, who has
made a record as a pure and spotless man
and Demoorat. through times which
were as the "fiery orideal." In you, we
are proud to know they can with con.
fideece present such a man; and in pre
senting him give the District the assu
rance of being patriotically and ably
represented in the State Senate.
Very Respectfully, your friends and
fellow-citizens.
W. W. Breazeale, C. T. Chaler.
L. A. Debllenx, J. P. Campbell,
C. A. Bullard, Albert Sompayrac,
J. J. Johnson, S V. B. Cox,
J. D. Lambert, Numa Gongre,
W. M. Trammell, R. P. Hutson,
Geo. E Gillespie, Ja's. C. Moise,
Chas. Hamlin, C. Chaplin,
J. E. Messi Emile Cloutier
Jamels Beasiey, M. T. Boswell,
E. Masson, A. E. Lemee,
PP;E. Prudhomme, Theo. Schuman,
H. St. A. Prudhomme, Jno. Genoe,
Jno. Dunekelnan, J. C. Keyser,
C. F. IkHerisson, Jno. C. Trichell,
C. E. Airey, W. E. Russell,
T. Haller, E. Smith,
Joseph Levy, C. C. Lorbitt,
J.'F Goodwin, M. H. Carver,
A. H. Lecomte, L. Levt,
Johb A. Clemons, ThO's. '. Chaplin,
J. W. Snddath, Edward Phillips,
Henry M. Levy, P. F. Bouis,
J. A. Ducournau, Thlo's. J. Flauner,
A; Dcournanu, Z. T. Gallion,
M. S. Onrtis, L. A.ossier,
W. H. Ware, Tho's'F. Porter,
J, F. Wagley, S. E. Curtis,
lean c Kah, J. P. Hartman,
A. A. Pelli, 8. B. Simmons,
Abraham Kdhn, Jas. K. Colton,
C. J. Smith, Marx Jackson,
Benj. Simon, F. M. Hartman,
Dan'l. Bell,. Chas. Miller,
J. R. Lark G. Fontenot,
P. 8. Prmdomme. John M. Tucker,
W. J. Smith, W. H. Galliou,
Jas. M, H. MeCook, Jules Janin,
,Jos. P. J6hneon, Geo. W. Kearneys.
F. Lattier, Jno. Laplace,
.~G. P, Ezerna~k, Henry Coltou,
L, Perot, Emile Deblieux,
Evarists Greneaux J.H. Kile,
V. H. Barbee, Willis Holmes,
Cha's. HIf. Levy, S. M. -Hyanies,
F.P. Rlggio, ' Jas. T. Sprowl,
A. E. Sompayrac, C. F. Draiguet,
WJ .Roe, ·W. French .
W. Payne, . James Atkinaon,
NATCrITOCuES, LA.,
July lst, 1878.
GEXTLltEMA :-Your note of Jane 29th,
has heen handed me I have cogent per
sonal reasons why I shohild not aeept
any Lfegislative otBee, but for other rea
,esoeis is desirable to me, and I have
ooncliidedto asoede to yonr request, and
become a candidate for the Stategenate
at the ensuing election, snhject, to the
nomination of'the Democritio Senatorial
C'obvenilion of this District .
the very flattering tone of your tall,
land the elaetity with which it was sign
ed, are'very gratefnl- to my feelings, but
at the same time they iaspire me -th
the-fear that twill not be.. able tlste
the expectations of my f 4tWd4., IL
111.'1 , >" t l :i tl lily' Itr. 'tl III,1 11| | catn otllIN
- y 111.h1l , 11i1\~lug :I f'rl, tle'd ourl illvita
tift (1 lt, 4leii t aI caidida C, I deeum it
lly d11111 to yo11, as will us tO itryst f, to
11-," i! 'ir and hnollo illa melRS to se
1r,' I1v o liln:tiltio n n ele01c0t i o - ia
t.I.4 if telected, I wi!1 serve the' pel4op11 ' of
he i.strict and State. honestly.. otl1sci
nlhtih 4.1. aand tf the lestli,' a:. I,1,1m1 l,.
ablility.
tf t lhctidl to tilh S i,,lati. I shall d,4I. m
it my lirsi duly, as it will Ire Ily hligh, 
pl 'l.'4Isul'i, to ri iplts nlt aldl c 4r;'y inllt vIl
tIct th,' wis41 's :lt l, opi('111 s i t4 1;,' p - 11
ple, so far .1;, Ia. he ahb* to usitit:dill
thani,: inl, ti thl t 4.1 I 44 1:hail aj u ll ca4l
Sth calling ofI a oit' ilutioinal 'on\(1t -'
tion, ill orderIiI thlat the i .eolC of ourn l
State may hart- their orgalnic iJw framed
by delegatis shl''teid by theml for that
specific purposi, and adopted by their
fire and voltltary suii'ra.'s. I o t op
posd t-l t he ratlilatit ti,,n tof t 'he 11p'r1 ,,'idl
allt-ndlc liits. 1st, hi':11 se the ) present
Co rnstitti rn, h llth in suh.stllce l anill the
uanner of its 'i loptiion, is radically 4tal
incul'rahly dtfcctiv. andt4, heuciise I et
gtulld thalt notll te of aloplill t or illi4 1al. h
ly chanigiig the C'lnis'itaiion as vicious
in principle anil Ilunrl., lican ill c('1 1i0
ter. Our gove'rnnllt is hiastd on Ihe
Consent of the governed, :tail it orIldr to
preserve it, in spirit and substiuce, the
people should. and umll;t repuiiat, ally
govelriiillmint not of their selection. The
people of the Staite wallnted a new (Con
stitlution, they were entitled to it, iand
they should vote downi the Amendmenilits
without regard to their ilrit.s, and elect
a legislatlluri' pltldged to Ii (ll a C'onstilni
tional Convention. 1We annot have' all
teconomical or a realty 1)cnio)r:t ic gov
ernmet'ili it ill this Stlate untill this is 1done.
In maitti'rs of glilneral an1d ordinary
legislatitll, I shall Ihaive an eye' si igle 1t4
th lt est inticrst of the people. I hiiave
lnever had anu iliterei'st, ipersonal or Ipro
fess'onailO. iliantagonistic to thalt Iof tilthe
geinerail publllic; 11141d, whether I alil
elected to othici or not, ily public and
political acts shall i11n tihe fulture, as tlhey
have been in the past, lie plroimplted lby a
desire to prolmote the generall wel:fare,
without undntllO iinlllncncle fromn frien'ids or
special inter-sts.
Thanking yFoi. G(entlemen. for your
confidence, andl trusting that thle ifuture
will proive it not to haive been miisplaced.
I have the honor tol subllscribte myself
Your (Olb't. Servant,
M. J. CUNNING11AM.
The closing hours of Congress,
front all accounts, waits as indecorous
as a Radical negro or a Southern
Democratic legislature. D)runken
men, ribald shouts, cat calls and
songs, is a very nice way to end a
Cougress that was expected to be
productive of so much good. Yetily
Nero fiddled while Rome was burning'
The people don't seem to rally in
this State as of yore. If the Baton
Rouge Convention says, no Constitu
tional Convention," the number of
statesmen (!) cominig up missing this
fall h ill be fear fuill to think or dream
of.
The "bearts" have been at work
endeavering. for their own person
al ends and interest, to injure the
States credit. Thrnough the machi
nations of those wiley fellows, Kel.
logg and \Warmoith, a ciicular was
conlocled and distributed throughount
commerchil centers which conveyed
the intelegince that the July interest
wolild not Lie paid. This caused a
i uuible in co4hsi5l5 to 68, but since tle
tiick wIas exposed and the pityinent
of the interest heen assured, they
have advanced to 84.
Our Candidate.
This issue of the VIoiCATOu c,,n
tains a call, signed by a very luige
number of respectable ind akiknowl
edged workinig Democrats of this
paish, upon Mr. M. J. Cunningham
to become a candidale for the State
Senate from this District, and Mr.
Cutnninglham's reply thereto accept
iig the honor conferred.
It would be a matter of superero
gation on our part, to eultgise Mr.
Cunningham, for lie has shown to his
peoiple of this parish and the entire
District, that faith which is in him by
works that speak louder than words.
Always a .Jirm, unyielding, rigorous
Democrat; a gallant, melitorious
Southern soldier; a chivalols, honor
able man and friend, Natchitoches
can, with pride, present him to het
sister parishes of this Senatorial Dis
trict as a candidate well wowthy their
hearty support. His ability none will
question, and we sincerely believe,
as we confidently hope, that his iame,
linked with tile rememberanc,, of his
gallant services for his native State
during the war, and since, when
Radicalism overshaddo wed us like a
pall, will be snileient to grant him
the cordial and united support of the
vigorous Democrats of the District.
Give us Joe Cunningham as our
Senatorial candidate and Natchiito
cthes parish is cer-tan for a Demo
cratic majority !
Packard still insists that if Hayes
carried Louisiana, lie did also. Well
now, there is'nt so much falsehood in
that surmise as one would "suppose.
Kellogg and Jeuks.
"Hell and damnation," he ejaculat
ed; "why, Ahe is awaking herself and
everybody else ridicuns! She was
employed in the office of my attorney
general as a sort of detective, for
whikh she seemed to be suited by the
peentiar facilites of reaching certain
people, who could have been reached
in no other way. Bult here she is go
ing on to make out that she was the
life and soul of the government itself!
Of course I can't stand this.
MW a. Prrie ca.
;OUSY-q.OSS-On Thursdlay, June
27th, 1878, by the R v. H. M. Ragan, A.
I. Cone, of La., to M. E. Raos, of Mo.
Die d,
CROCHEROR'-In this City, July 3rd,
1878, Mr. CAROLINE HESTER CROCeERON,
Wife of 'Dr. 8. B. Crocheron Born in
'airlield District, South Carolina. Aged
4 !J  ,e a .. .. I 
Sadl aceldent.
A crowd of youths were out riliint
last Sunday in' ruiug: when tear the
Stivers pllace, j:est abIoIve town, Joh u
F'rey and ('harley CamIpton got to wh lp
pinhg achli o!ler'! hoes, l and fromn
rhulr 4it into a rave tup the road to.
t'Ill 1 ;IE t Ott hl.' 4 tl . t 1
d int4in 111t1 his I l:I~ 1Iiii'i C 1ive tie';o
inlt 1 thuii;L'lit 1( 1111ti ha e rttl ttll r;ll 1'
htle j',ii~l tor il', t I it it h!ii1tIt'tt, 1'1it
hors atcn ,'att t he :n tree wculievth hiet
whrilch i~t thf. 1 inch it'l h h I t htisrigahtI
('ide IIh i l t rief l~ii wi hitt t111 vI~in Lim
b adlt si tier itlly a'.1ithl' ta l. t bIt
Judg tIAoiMP to ohavr htleen t 100Iotrn
hint hut 1 1 i, Ii 111 Is 1llhc(4 of d sll htle
;Ili, nioninl\"tt 1t' haier it' It I r t~i~tiltit
tra t'lt 1l.r Cit40ty11 hors l hint% 'I-i;.re Ilr t
doesn't thke uihen in this country bongI
tod lear whlltry totwitn~.- JIaw~ -ev ix
NEI:\V A I)Vi'lISEM ENTS.
linou.ýt. ]PtI rnull Exi:c irT'rE {'oMrMHrr:E.
Natelitochl s, I,'..
Junle 19th, 178.
A CALL.
In necord:iai with Resolltionsll adlopl
ed at the nmeeting of the Parish l:Excvu
iive Committee on Satul'day last,. 1.th
inst.. a Convention of tihe Democratic
parly of this parish is hereby called for
Saturday, July .0th, 1 ;7,
to which all the Wards of this parish are
respectfiully requested to send delegates.
Each Ward will he entitled to one
delegate for each 50 votes cast for F. T.
Nicholls, in I 7,t. and one delegate for
each fraction over 25 votes east at said
election. The represelntation of the irs
pective Wards will be as follows:
Ward 2 4 votes.
"' 9 2 "
II "t
'' 11
" 10 4 "
" 11 3 (.
"' 12 7 "
Total 37 votes.
The members of the Central (ommit
tee representing the several wards are
requested to call mletings of the Demo
cratic party in their wards for the pur
pose of electing delegates under this call.
It is hoped that a fill delegation will
respond.
M. J. CUNNINGHAM,
Chairman, Parish Execntive Committee.
NOW'S YOUR CHANCE!
Mr. G-. Moses,
The Celebrated New Orleans Artist,
REMAINS BUT A FEW WEEKS.
The most exquisite
Ambrotypes, Gems,
Ferrotypes, Porcelaintypes,
Ivorytypes. Photographs,
Chromio Photographs,
Microscopic do.
Life Size, do,
In every style of the art.
We guarantee our work equal in exeen
tionl and finish to the best Photographic
EstablisLhment in the U'nited States.
1846 Eilablished in 1,46
B, & C. MOSES,
Of New Orleans.
JAMES C. MOISE,
Of Natehitoches.
Portraits Paintdti or Retouched.
A full assortment of Frames and
Mountings.
Prices loeter than in New Orleans.
LACOST'S HALL,
Front Street, itedhitoehAes, La.
June 1, 1878.
FOR SALE.
ONE SecoInd hand RugiZ*ls Jlohbber, in
good condition. For Terms and price
apply to ;E. C. PALMER. & CO
Fe' '2-tt New Or e:nIs. La
Watehe, $3 to $7. Revolvers
$.50. OveL 100 latest Novelties
Ag'a watrd. So.6upply(Cn . Naish~leTen.u.
Diseases of the EYE and EAR.
Dr. C. B E . I. D,
OCULIST AND AUTRIST.
142 Canal St. New Orleans, La.
Hours from 9:30 to 3:30.
April 20.-t.f.
TO ADVERITSERS
Geo. P. Rowell & Co's
SELECT LIST
-oF
LOCAL NEWSPAPERS.
Many persons suppose this list to be
composed of CHEAP, low-priced news
papers. The fact is quite otherwise.
The catalogue states exactly what the
papers are. When the name of a paper
is printed in FULL FACE TYPE it is in
every instance the BEST paper in the
place. When printed in CAPITALS it is
the ONLY paper in the place. When
printed in roman letters it is neither the
best nor the only paper, but is usually a
very good one, notwithstanding. The
list, gives the population of every town
and the circulation of every paper. IT
IS NOT A CO OPERATIVE LIST. IT
IS NOT A CHEAP LIST. At the foot
of the Catalogue for each State the im
portant towns which are not covered by
the list are enumerated. IT IS AN
HONEST LIST. The rates charged for
advertising are barely one-fifth the pub
lishers' schedule. The price for one inch
four weeks in the entire list is 9635
The regular rates of the pape's for the
same space and time are S3.13G 35. The
list includes 970 newspapers, of which
163 are issued DAILY and 907 WEEK
LY. They are locanted in 825 different
cities and towns. of which 22 are State
Capitals, 328 places of over 5,000 popu
iation, and 444 Ce.nty Seats. Lists sent
on application. Address GEO. P. ROW
ELL & CO'S NEWSPAPER ADVER
TISING BIURE 41T, 10 SpruceSt., (Print.
ing Hone Square,) N Y
June'22-4t.,
N E~ A I)VEJ fIS:M ENTS.
JOIIN M. TUCKER,
Ia i-~~t ti' lolle Ji VtO I'd 1.
P R1)i1I'' attenitio n gi viio n bu:llsi nessm
P litrlII;t (i I Iiiý (ýrý .
T -t' .5ili ol~ iv t w tltn t
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMIVENTS,
. i IN 'I-fl T.
f ;11t 0< nhi. ' ý t lhal \-. N. \\n'.th t 1, her
1!1:.1.e.1,,1
l :-l i , 1 , 1vt uni t, ' i: h ,,i" f t hit ; ,']ii lioi ,
i N ti i', 1 ;-1' hIi, I,.I.ti ,1 ' of l I 1t t h itd
I lh ' t chh ,I ,, I i , i tl'; tit, tilh.
alnl'l.jlt, .14l'.i,,ilo l,-,',th1ld, it ,ý 11h,.'+,._-`
fu e rd crho le ;w ;lull lit - 1f t .* " tL .1:b
X i;' t it, h .l , i. 111 1 I * h 1, u 1, h tit. :
: u,111 ,l .W n li le,,l',d l ilb s tith $ I
1' tI i nt lllerl'e.,l l1hi th 'r ,n1 l'l 111 tily 12tlh 1.1
lt ithrelt, ai 1. ottd e.,s' , with ntd ,tti
tiSu of he r 1 l rit i d , . A.l, .t t ,rl.*u ni thie
mll \'e Il, 1,id il InEEllo i prinperty of her
hushe inl til. p.:h Sianl Win hardi. It is
frtlh'r o of th n sin f hf linlulM its, ofd
iI'qlll4;ts ;11l41 ';Il5 hle-l'r'tl 1l'1' existinl g he
her and hutr swl h ih l oh Ie, and till
pare is hi liner : d',ilved, . t h .d that 'ahin
ti lld y h y threIpfIr ha, ; h, ct tr, l aid 11 ,l
uini ratiiera of her s'tparatl, estate.
1) ,Il at, `'s u d in open ('t.lrt oA n thi s
l,,th day 1.1 June, 1-7 .
[SiS HE R ] F1). 1 lEIN.
District Judge.
"q'l.\1i'11 ul. L+OI'1sI~i A.
i :ori t of Natchit .l.eis.
O 1 ks(tlire.S
I hrebly etovify the ahove and lum',red
In to , an trit e nlcdi correct d , .vy if the
oainid w l .ofIormlt I le to it lasy anlli
\\'ithess my hand and of
[Io ] ticital Seal at Natchitoches.
I:,,., this :t( day ofly 7ly.
.\. D . 187,.
W. If. TI IXN\AIDl
,'lh1,0 -:1t. Clerk.
NOTICE.
Succe'sio,'n of Peabod y A. +llor,,'e.
ALEXIS E. LEMiEE having filed his
petition to be aplpointed Administra
tor of thile Sutession of P. A. Morse, i'i
ceeased. notice is hereby given to all
persons in interest, to show eause within
ten lays why the prayer of sid pelti
tioner should not be granteo!.
Witness the Ien. P. A. Sihlmons,
Judge of said C'ourt, on this 2nd day of
July, A. D., 178.
JNO. LAPLACE,
July 6-2t. D'y. Clerk.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
A. B. Sonpayrrac for Use of J. W. Cock
erham transf,,ree vs. D. H. Boullt, Jr.
SY virtue of a writ of alias Fi. Fa. in
thei above entitled and numbered
suit and to me directed, I have seized
and will offer for sale to the last and
highest bidder at the door of the Cotu
House in the city and parish of Natchinto.
ehes, on
Saturoday, the 20 day of Ju ly, 1878,
the following described property, to-wit :
A certain piece or pIrcel of land sita
ted in the parish of Natchitnches, being
the east half of north east quarter of the
north east quarter of south east quarter,
and south east quarter of south east quar
ter of stetion 4, containing 186 5 ares;
a•lso 3 8 100 acres of the said east halt
of north east quarter and north east
quarter of sotth east quarter of said sec
tion 4, being excess in said tract over the
area located by virtue of Military Land
Warrant ,o. 73,953, also the north east
quarter of north east fractional quarter
of section 9, containing 25 76-100 acres,
also 2 76-100 acres of said south east
quartter of section 4, being excess in said
tr ct over the area located by virtue of
Military Land Warrant No. 87,86, in fa
vor of Walcott A. Strong ; the whole of
saul tract of land being situated in townl
sdip No, 9, north of raoge 6, west, and
con taoiig tihe aggregate quantity of
193 80-fur acres more or less, together
with all the Juipligs aHni i hprove
menits thereo, it bein.g th, eams ayquanir
hed oy the v-C1o. 'tn Rowert L, lack
,on, on the 9lth day of August, 1875, as
per private act of sale duly Recorded in
the atecorder's ofeite of this parish.
Terms of Sale.
Cash-with the benefit of appraisement.
A. P. BREDA,
June 15.-- Coroner, ex-offcio Sheriff.
SUCCESSION SALE.
Stecession of Marie Louise m eras
seur, dec'd.
Y virtue of an order of the Ho' the
Parish Court in and ofr the parish
of Natchitoches, anai to me addressed, I
will sell to the last and the highest bid
der at the door of the Court ho'se in
the City and Parish of Natchitoches, on
Wednesday, the 17th da, of July, 1878,
the fodlowing described property belong
ing to the miaor J. Lestau tanglois.
A certain lot of grou l u situated i - the
Tow of Camptep is this parish,eiontain
Illg four acrles, mlore or less, bhtltded
north by lands of Joseph Henry, south
a" pauns of'Wm. Leoy, east by land of
heirsvaf tlrats sond,1 west ch ainl of
M. athe st. Phrot, a on E. L. Hart.
Terms of Salte.
(nsh, subject to apy-fraiseLent.
D. I1. BOULLT, Ju.
thene 15.--tta. Sherigl
SUTC(ESSION SALE.
Succession i f Leton Prudhe m B e dec'd.
up Y virtue of an odcr frm the He on.
t Judge of the Parish Ceigt, t own Natch
itoches parish, to sie wieteed, I will oter
at public sale to the highetat hither nt
12 o'clock, M1., at the door of lith ('murt
House in this parish, on
Satnrdayh July 6th, 1878,
the followin~g described tracts of hind be
longing to said Succession, to-with:
A certain parcel or tract of land, situ
ated in the parish or" Grant, he<,ginning at
a point on the Southecrn boutary of
section (8) eight, towinship (5) eight,
range (6) six: west of the AntoiW'e Itri
dhomme claim, now known as the Sul
livan tract, sixteen 34-100 chains west
from the south east corner nfgsaid claim
or tract, thence south on section lined
beingpart of the western boundary of
section (75) seventy-fire, Lestan fPrn
dhomme tract seventy-t wo 65-100 cha-ins •
thence west to a point on the Rigolet" det
Bon Dieu, known as "the Break ;" thence
up the said river to the south west cor
n er of sectiont (8) eight, township (8)
eight, range (6) six west, known former
Iy as the Antoine Prudhonmne claim, hut
now kllowl as the SulliVnnt traet, thlenlct
along said southern boultdary 1o the
Ilact, of heginllilg.
A certain parcel or tract of land Ibotnd
ed as fiollows: From the Pecau tree on
the river bank of the Rigolet de Bon
Dien, below the Gin House, north 3'2
east to north, west corner of south welt
quarter of south west fr'actional qularter
of section (7) se ven' " t ow nship (8) eight,
raunfe (5) west; thence east to Western
boundary of the Auguste Langlois claiim.
Termtt and Cenitioites of Sale.
For the s+aid 1st tract, fifteen hundred
dollars cash, aud for tho s..s..o of t
prirchase prici, onel half th
,, thi l t dI . of fir`
l. e , (.c lc I littlest the1 eoil r, WO". ,
.I t 1 1 tH ai, : and the otherb -
abe 4111 the 1st dlay 'Jan ary " t-"
liike i 'terelt, firoim lay of Sale
For tihe d tract, live huliad
cash. adI for the balanue of s
price. on a credit of ." lit' r of
"I sa, lWitlh 8 pir cent intert ar
from swil day of sale, until eat
tdo t privilege auIt special  iot
1:i61,'d 4ol the lmands alcove od,  '
li 'isth,) of inon-alienatrhlo to the
if he vendorl purchasers of
to ex.c'iute their twelve I0ontla,"
fr the, credit I t<.e, c, ith ,oth
sitnh Ihlnds tol haven full f0-" le i
ai t tolv' mt" , tont s'onds takln lt
ittlier u rit t ( fti t1 fitiai a
lectionl of said ionllan to be enf
the l aite Iialnriit as trelne ° It
Moo(ls talken in naclrdan..e a Nib;
7111 and ,'N of the IColl, ( rac I tiv,
I'. S. P{I1 ,D+,il
.'ine I. td . Admisto t
Ilelitrat
- ilERI FF'. SA,
lit l lt(tt. t C l,, .ili if 'Jfrleaik 
N i. ,'' 1i.
) iY ir tu t" a writ of Fi. a i..i
) fhr alh.e entitled a nd 
it s! to Iiim,. dinr ,td, I
and \will tofl't1 sale to the t ,
hightest l,;d,1"r a: the Breazeale tpi.
tit, 1. it`.t1: , il the. pJarish of iu'at it0
, i"", 'pi,.l bv J. P. p. road,li
.,,i',O/?/,lr , be 1 / ,ll , of Jutly,1
th ); 1ttii i e.c iht d 1i roperti t
<::") '1 h lyit , , - ., of MI, :le. ;i
l - Id ofMIlea.
4 Four hal of l oltrses.
(".1) Tw~ety , ea .al of 1:, h ad-. 
(2 ; 'Twenty-livre head of Sheep.
(;t) Nine hbead of liogs,
I20) Twe'.nty heiad of Cattle.
(7) Stv(n yoke ,,f OXeu.
(1ºt0) Flifttcn hundrdl blaheis o
C'o rII. Ilore or less.
(") S'Vel Waugnt.ri
(1) (One Carts.
("1") Forty-tiv,. Plow s.
(n.t Bngzy and Harness.
Siine lot llitnsehohll and Kitchen ei r.
nitu:e.
)in.e lot lihkl'siitl's and Carpentert
tools.
I he oIt of l )y Goods, Groceriesa
Ihlardware.
Tw cty thousand feet of l]aber,1
'lhe lease of the Breazeale Plulati
t'or and during the year 188; all the
HBttsh. assets a nd i apertenat I belot
ing to the store.
Terms of Sale.
CASII-with tlhe benetit of apprai
111('tl1
D. :1. BOULLT, Ja,
Sheril', Parish of Natchitoeb ,
Jun L.-tds.
SHERIFF'S SALE,
Payne, Demorant & Co., vs. J. P. B.
well.
I)istrict Court. Parish of Orlean
No. 30661.
B Y virtue of a writ ofFi. Fa.issIlhi
the above entitled and nukmll
suit, atnd to me directed, I havenil
atnd will offir tor sale to the laund
-highest bidder at the Pro AClha
plantation. (11I
Saturday, the 6ti day of July, 1~
the tollowing described property,to.v:
A certain plantation known a Ai
'Pre Aux Cleres piantation," sitadon
the right bank of Rtd l iverdamenldiu,
in the Parish of Natchitoelhosuit(j)
twenty mil.s ahove the ci4 ofaritfto
ehes, bIounided above Iy lldth no
lately belouging to E. L. Hlyam, ad
below by lalndes now or lately be.liel
to Buen. Grappe, and c(,ntainlag -
93-10O acres.
Auother tract or parcel of landitl
rear of. and attached to said planliU
containing (134 87-100) one bnhd
iand thirty-four 87.-100 acres as+ P'l!
dtrawn by Thomas Hnunter, 1. 8.Npt
Surveyor, bounded on the north wel
laInds now or lately Ielonging to Li
Hyamns, and on the west by saetica1s
;:1, in townlship 11 of range 9.
Another tract of hland Ibeing the Im
vided halfof a tract of land in eatm
No. :3, in townoritp 11 of ralge OfS
:,.·is ,:ainI by HII. hL. ienuettal I
M. lyIamlS, contaiuing two hundrdal
te tly-nilJe 51-10ol acres, boundedl
the north enst by land now or IlItb~
longing to Belianmin Grappe, eamtb
tiol No. 36, in township 11, of raa,
tlll en the south hy section Nlo,2, to
ship lo, of range 9, west.
Another tract or parcel of land ki
lot No. 2, and the east halfofthesll
west quarter of section No. 2, itei
ship No. 10, north of rangoe No.9,1.
containing one hundred and fetolin
76-100 acres.
Teras of Sale :
Cash--with the benefit of appraislu
D. H. BOULLT, Jr.
Shecriff, Parish of Natobitoots
Juno 1 tds ,i
Sheriff's Sale.
Keyser & McKenua. vs. Parish of Nati
tOllhes.
District Court-NO. 7902.
Y VIRTUE of a writ of Fieri M
is.tile illn,tl alove entitled sadl
btered sulit atd to me directed I l
seized andl will offi'r ftir sahl' to the l
and highest bidiir at thl- door lt
(Court house in thie city and Fri 1
Natchitoches ion
Saturday the 6th day of Ju lp.,l ,
the following ldescribed property, :
Forty thousands (4(0,0'0) brickS,
or less, 3and and ccument formlilli
ontsitut;:! g th:! britck paveme,
ihg Iromii ii Ioiut opposite thlity 0..r
Maslic lHalli, oni Second street toIJ .
froit antil arolulntl t h Coiurt llonsel'd
tXitremtlt iiouth seist cornler of the
Ternms o' Sale :
Ca.sh-with the bcnetlit of appraia0#
1). .. BO'LLT, J-.
Junel.-tdln.
herilPs Sale.
,l. \W. Ccklrham vs. 31. .H.V!t''
DI)istrict Court-No 8-213.
I)Y \IRfl'E of :i. writ of seibtIe
) sale in the above entitled sad.
hered suit and( t to 11 directed, I I
seized and will ,tfiter hi-, sa:le t to I.
and highest Iidder ;at Ihe door .
Court House in the City and Pa
Natchitoches, on
Saturday the 20th day offJli y '
tlmi folltwing descruibd property, to-S
A certain lot of ground ai uatdim _
towIn of NatchitoCches, on Frontl
Ilaving a frout if Si tfeet on said .hI
with a dcelth iof t o hulIdred and igPt'
tive feet. -linIg the saml e S lllt rol.Y
qulired firolm tlhet succession if VioetD
rand o1 the 19th ,lay of January,
said lot of grtlullltd beiig bouuded 5o
by prlletrty of Mr1. Clara LaplSl,'
by proplp't'y oftT. Lahoste, EsI br pa
street, toutthetr with all the beil-l
atmd iulpro,\,..llents thereon or il ,
wise appertainilg.
Terms of Sale:
CAShl, with the beneti of aIppWL
June 15-tds, .