w -ý~
.~,6.,
151 Er OSff31 , H *.`'+ "" Editor.
- S0W~fl~A :.. l.. .22. JS 9.
MIN bis lisn. ofthe VuwcAlTog we
due ose, as asupplement, the Constitt
toit thb s~ta adopted by the late
amvoonttos." " It is a carefully compilea
ind atbhestla d.smeat, which we con.
" " a."g criaidesatioa ofour ireaders.
iamddatmss are respectfllyl tnforui
Cadwidatsare 1 Lave an elect'fioi
tbi'lt lbR&.Pce #10.
" Tb. Ifah uW Virllg say. the
," .Heir C(.etuitaioms -wilt. be overwhelm
'A:: Democratic (1)
3 f RI a the Constitutlio
" . f6$thag.I o) l1871
.5' Mdm a.ea
TselgrspA, that we
dP ~ee""aa a hopeleus~a
º,ý ieosis of any thiii , "
.', rI "Wlvedm in .
t uhlree t'1 ,or *itat be a 1
·f epwiidm#the Neiortgh was wi'
ý,,",: airy .kw days , te Con"
1:... alYU m1C~aeiantI, thbufrbt oeri
j'J' tC loadhtldbder ll be for..
Rt gr 41.. the. virtues of Bill
sh'eWkbdlte. for Cosltable, a
a~ wh t ý b kitm s ocial: r
h., "'ub Bth ' way, how doe. s
r r, on 'te ONa$ part a
r Nr t±Wi alasdg is the 'etrl" a
"" e bi eam to'0e01d flag r, ,,,,.:. 1I
t ý*; lapperbtiaes tl
a ud cee adopt. 1i
.I& tsAs ie 6dsi e; s 4peire em.
enall paragaph that will commend
so 1*" 4el a large Itl f the
. Iha~,tlpb3 2,,f the e'rdimase ,
preseatal byp -e Committee on $ý
SeIi. aMletw. e It
>uutine~at mew eraiutie Is the.
03f-ilroad omsparnies, liE
A-~-~ Oi
/ ebe
:v!if4 tS6S ..83
: w M * PTOs esugvaSmlat. the th
p et Jbsiulaaao . their gsod o ,
M :1Thq b. ecu~rq4 sthe TO
ý''himeaeemegaiutiam which cerO
'Isy Ilia wris 'iptfrs Ida ll tqe Stag..
dr~ s ~ it. atema which
t I Wib ,w ee fty Is rio t1)
'i s d prve m " Is ftuM re, ups-. dighe
cyý,'1'1b l tleb :. s ttle -' tb
5o0pt4 uiscaat* te1
5Ieptind;e''gheb.i a.
th the mWay or
h pI~ $per N ce voted .
Th afto money to the wil
-" l ublY CI m I? 1: 'i ,
oot W i'' ptqree5 gears iIOSA w *
uI4;zI·.tl.ladtSl .5j 1868, she ~s
~itarisua 7 per eeg forM yea~rs·ro1cn
*~rI~~i~~ thatel!r19
AI~~a e-r. ug a1 e6 u "
r,')i7 ' *· ·
theb
e~'~"'ITthl ,*1ir~aXEldO
4' )
'sit ree.r
·www9 lrt 1,4sp
5*7.,ilD. 1)·"sd
balii ie4&&dl, LU¶d
rd
~Lrl L~wl~'d atI ~~l
SISIU ~~I-~lL d tltII~
~rt ac~tb~·;rr~~;i I,,k ,:
·Y
N~iu4 ..dt4~~d.JA Pt?)
Ru ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ d ·Of): .I(aj :~
e'~~ 'j.
*V4.i~
...dla p9lleaopweo lek the Nouth
relies for comforts us well as In
aries is now the subject of much cor,
lat ees corn, for It this moment its dreaded
enemy, the aterpillar, iay make its
torapperance, hehe fields, to day lux
2, J879. urieut l" dlc e get le ',eIs hIad.!
Swith bbo,,en and half(evmiped aflle,
AT we )ay to-niorr'ow present it ad pie -
Constitu- ture of desolation. Silent a:1 all I:
the late conies these pests and as certain ias
compilea that grim monster are they to des
we con. troy. Eggs of the caterpillar have
rireaders. heen found in this section in quanti
tipa and our farner friends are much t
tnfor,- alariedjhgreat ; not only, our farm
elect~'oi etire,ds, but all classes as well.
'Th following is what we know of a
the Caterpillar : a
Telbe The eggs of the moth are deposited 1
whelmt on the under surface of the tender
ratie leadve, they number 10 to 15 and re- t
tititmomseible in color theleaf. The period
of incubation is estimated variously
S fOm 6 to 15 days. The time of hatch
int g isat nightl the young worms le- t
l gi e,;oting very soon and grow rapid "
thi, y ., Withio 15 to 20 days after at
o teaining full size they cease to feed,
ftdim an imperfect eacoon ,of a leaf t
as l and silk,and .io this they pass the tli
chrysalisistate-frisn 10 to 12 days. 1i
After this the moths come forth, lay
e Coo- their eggs and the work goes on n.- tn i
t goes til they increase in numbers su0i- re
be for clently to destroy the crop.
of Bill Observing persops state that they ,tr
liable, appear at intervals of 3 years in fri
social numbers ad others elaim that their "e
Sdoes greiteat ravages occur after intervals fin
at Ii of 21 years. 'The yearq ,1804, 1825 do
Tetrl and 184l are cited as evidences of fto
Sflag the eoetnetes of this theory. In Pe'
the year 1800 their appearance was
wa lirt dotici and South America apl
op i the accredited Iqom of the insect. ni
, w Many plans have been suggested to be
mend prevenot the ravises of the worms te
', sin to deMroy them. Paris Green I
na ue s largely' and with e.cecy. We
S nod from our Tess 'e changes that pe
hi. IS used' With greater elect upon the f,,
a t moth dlian lh worm, "in this wise, the
The poison is applied in water mixed wit
with mrolases:the flt will sock this eve
*lsu, tiunid land.Is destroyed by thousands. hwi
Oarq moth dead is 500 worms cut off, Ans
bones we -believe it best: to use the age
Paris ieblt to kill the moth and not plai
the wait until the worms appear in large
no a tumbers. At. lest ,the practice in thin
the Texas is well worth a trial here. that
Cer, _- war
dates' 'Te ' Oedl A
9Wl se that the New Orleans Times, At
lot the claimed prepesentative organ of weel
art thbonrld hilders, lies announced its bloc
P diertnatlion to support the new if coi
le copstitation and to dfeat, iit can, not I
thle debt ordlnace. -The imfr and able
nthe retJidltlr' uhl make istrange e
fijfow1' l rilr tze comring nTauIs,
a. we o ra.taj~nd it li. the Intention o r
ay of that body of gentlemen also to de- Stat
oted farthe debt settleament. Besides wefenc
will harv another exemplification of seld
p e0 fret tathat itremesll will nmet." a i
.As he' eruelf we intend to sap. verI
port thd enatlttiion, debt ordinance well
sidl dilt aind we do' so beenase w T
know the coastitution is an Instro- grass
ment of which we may ,he. jstly she
0j pront anid ithat the debt settlement in or le
the Asa o4,a one' for th'people as they l
es conld ask. inqi
log .We srperfety llmawae of the facIt We
that there is an Ilmense amoant of rater
g.pial fng!$atf amada by, small te
'j s pashose aly stoek I. trade coa- puene
sisteears few. pt phrAsle,-s.ac a• grow
alldu *nmu e," tlihef," 'ffamous ' ol. so th
Ij ,W i it r Warmotl a, out ota 11r
t,,,t'iq, r btt it.thmepople of Loun- in tim
lapEm~r e b 3he bylaeb aen, thIegr
Shnieb they a~vf no eaud ;ataoi bm'plain cj
,t)aflahne and (hihdler fr ''"keeping only b
Spp j~pr war' for they are doing the r
it* same',thing. seed f
csrface
I1 li shi Idn the nbw Covatitation wtre
Ithat tazep shall be 68 illi on the dol-. mo
lar.. That is 7 amille lea s thea b ry o
were ina 1873. p. er
• d )irpm'1110lIi??,0!0,o is ei ,o,.
.,.+ Thilr ea, sad ,.one1lf .mills ron
4lbSom Etle rm ,8aZ9,0 alid a
lte nek C i i ifioitin beats thp ould uhiet
Pn iome 0lil, e r y'ear. low u
!iol i . lilt'.sehall receive
Thi . Tlereb as not statenlanmilp
t or tlitue m4t6glhin iti to enable it to ualie:
a s atoi of, t atse a
i o ieven farmer,
b ~4 woul4 we'h. been $6OW, N
e State I if ied worith
I tandaird. shrunk
i rte r e l toe, th eh
ashrinka
e.fI.., We,1, eth
i ralO. t ito ls7, S
em lil h wla C lh car 'ahi
settluiiespv i the thise k
e ni . ct oi p v ews rlll ani,
.,. w thedl. In17
 rS-lilll In We
iJ
IARM TOPICI,
a oouth
's (III- COTTON W'K.M INt" ALABAMA.
clh co , The Sel0:,i '"'ie;.'. ,f t he 15'I', .tlns
dreaded I letler ,f th. li1 ' ti' .,:n, !,,ntw 'e
t Stlluio, allnonlicirgll It Ijnt "crp'"
of cotton werms, fully" developedl,
'ay u many of theta alread" webbed up'.
had'd .The writer, a ,ir. O. F. Harrell, we.ll
'd bºill, keenoein In Selaiue !d who appears te
d mian oe uclmee thl' SIaly t' lihe, cotton I
SR.UC a i l ,ts'eimeal t , reeilIs t he Eairl
E l thalt in I'73, elien ItheI d.estmruc
rtain its liool of the Cleoll e:irol iin tlutd section
to des- was almost complete, lthe first eC.l of
ar lhave Vnoli I was seen oe tile 12th July;
the second crop on the 29th July ;
quanti- the third crop, or "armI" worm on
much the 18tlh August ; and during thIe sue
p far.- ceediig four nights the cotteJI plants
roll. were entirely stripped of everything
thiat tihe worm could find to feed
now of upon. The worms have appeared
every year since, inclnding 1871, from
posited eilgt to thirty days later than in
tender , and the amount of damage done
by then each year was in proportion
end re- to tile dlate of their appearance.
period Mr. iHarrel goes on to say :
riously The regularity and, I might add,
hatch- tile invari:ble iproduction of the
second and third "crop or army," es.
Ea le- Iablihes one fact beyond all collto.
rapid. versy, I think, viz : The only thing
ter at- that lhas saved the cotton crop from
f lestruction any year since t1873
e (which is as far back as the observa
a leaf tions of the writer extend) has been
as the that the crop of worms did not msake
days. their aplearance aufniciently early to
permit the propogation and develop% I
, l met of the successive crops before
n on- the condition of the atmoslhere ar. i
s81eu rested their progress. r
The ipeind of lime required for the °
prodinclion of the "army" I flid to be a
they sbout five anslid a half or six *eeks
irs in from the appearance of the ratst
their "coop," the weather being favorable a
rvals for their developlment. t
In speaking of "crops" of worms I ii
1825 do not wish to be 4understood as re o
le of teering to the appearanee of Cue, or h
In perhaps a few worms, to be some k
twes imes fiknd on a eiiclmescribed spot:
about the plantation; hlut wert their 01
erica appearance is oo general and ini such' it
iseet. numbers as to indicate that they' can fe
d to be found, upon a close search, over no
thee greater part of the plantation in, ýa
orms fested with them. I
Ireen It is a well established fect that D
We when the "army" onee makes its ap- h
lthat pearance, every section of country th
contiguous to that in wltelh they are or
the found that hbAs ever b'i .liablp to th
rime. their deprediatiei, wiltl be visited th
nixed within three or four days and nights, tl
this even to plantation and communities f
where the preieneeof the second and wI
ands. third "crops" was never detected, yet jleJ
o ff, sulfered equally as giueh by the ray- w
tie ages of the "army" as the ,immediate oil
not plantations op"ib which the speeh. oh
sire crops of, couns were produced., the
arge As far as can be seen to-day, every
s in thing points to the destrnetion.of all gr
that part of the cotton plant that tie m"
worm will feed.uppon about the 25th e
of August, perhaps a few days earlier p
but not much later. it
s, At this season of the year about six pe
w of weeks is required fromn the time a the
bloom falls fri,m the stock to the full the
its maturity of the boll ; consequently, nt
mew if correct in my conclusions, it would bin
an, not be dilfficult to estimate our prob. l
and able crop, eves at this early date. ms
TUS LE8PIDEAW. . .ot
The Lespideass is a specie * elo the
ver that is creeping into ses part do
Ioa of Miuissippi oad nther Gotbher m
deo States by the sides of the roads and th
w fences, in the edge of timber, in old
fields, and other places. It grows on
stalks more like a garden herb than tral
st." a clover stalk, but its miniature lo1 mi.
p. ver leaves upon eclse observation are lis
nee well marked as membees of the lo- in
ver family. "s au
This plant is neither 'prised aa 'it
rn- grass or Ihay erop, but cattle and will
ty sheep eat it very well when it ie small
is or half grown. I' however lea ~omere
qualities whice re deem veluable,
and we lave been watehing it nod
inqeiring into its charneter for years.
met We believesit is an eatellent regelne T
of rator of old poor: sills. It shades Cn
the grpound so elheel7 'that in many r
Splaces ma t a rmy of annslhine can t
'- penetrate or paes irough 'it. A hleavy tie
as growth ft ermlida canino' shade it o
so thoroughly. cod
I~ grows in the hoUo nme of old dit'he t
Rad holds all of the aendimeut, so that it
n.- in time fills p these ditchbes and make.s Te
Stle grwlsii rich. lt i.s ine for stopping ining
irregulaer waisheon iilisidtes. It goes to thlt
in see just beredre frost. atI the seed cau relia
og only be gathered withldificulty. A good evid
way is to mow off amd cear ohi a patellch say.'
e where the growth is dense ;etfer the cm
seed fall out, take hlf an inch of the c
surface earth and seed,' throw them in a c
cart and scatter them from the cart O
ao where they are wanted to grow. Thrown origi
. amoag weeds or glrass without plowinog, 'bull
arrowing or covyinl ..ts will come 8tatt
7 p, and take root aen spread the mest than
year. They will choke ouat aedi-nrass such
I,, ragweed and wild ',¢hammomq 4 'n r
otler weeds_ dnde'gri~', and tmlml~ullt mlttg
posess ion fthq' hl td Huri.i it" i. a
o e yearsn tbould b" billed 'iang were
clover," for it rulae the othee grasses It orr1
iseasier killed iln the field with, a plow ed, i
Id l this any of tie: weeds., It seems to o- venti
low up the war and emancUipation 'to CCurs
take possession. of the old planitations by
and uancoltivated farms and gotchee and o
Sgullied Side bills, to save them them tnat
Tise iissiippi Republican thus ills- leei
Crates what it toiant lg shrinkage ofi
P values: "The unindebted farmer is bl d
o lquite a rich now, with a farm valued at
a I504 am he was ten vesrs ago when his 'price
it farm was valued at 1500 ; bat the bebtor Puses
n farmr, who ownaed. a farm. valued at It U
, lB40, mortgaged for P4500 Is to.day pot A. Pa
j worth a cent. Not that hi. farm has es I
'sronk in real value till it cannot pay gtd
tbhe dpebt, but that the debt habtsindeda I
in value till it ahborbi the ftelm. The quetl
bl not let beir lits'rorh, "bat C
mosy t besen e dombled o 18in pltrha- atioli
I igpwneW-sad this ite Jwhole mseeret aI i
I et, tj) tjamae "leeomenou, weafl Palfr
-The tnml prmdauelefthe United Srte# s *rh .
1878 was 4,398~130 hoegs, of 100 9gond." would
_mple, Itel It 8it w"4,8o,318 l Or! the ns
ti bijumeber thie j .i m 9,506e propw
lwe¶dr'm I i &., iZ from i
i veehuadred m sit msehhbem 4l the ratgne
P.~ltth _ dissie. pmedled ,1i341i the C
"'in 187 masebiuslarl thei WIbelil gd :thu
distriet as tes same tUi, mthurm 83 cu5se
• isugd eMtrt, ,.: ,,, : t: , el
cedekdi n te-r o r Id b y p o
Cr ·
C.arlllatlon and Aggreason.
MA.[Wahin;ton IP,.t.
Accordlinla to W·. l. '.ihaindlIer, Mr.
l*, .las Ilayls thinks "thl. !,,liev of aggression
' is better than lthat of conciliation'' to
I *craq." ward! the ,Southl.. Mr. Hayea is deffeea
elopel, President of the. Uii'ild States. As such I
lied tip. ,he has nothing to do with ronciliatiou
II, well or :agresNlion upI'n any portion, of the .a
1ea ls . to ,,wo ,le or iny se',ti, l of the colllll'y. It
cotton is his sotle Iiisiness to see that the laws
'are fait hinlity execute'd ansd that the de- I
|ar tlltllnl s. haiviYig illll'leli:ae ('harl'ge of
ese nl eiienec tli tnalged. It is in the highest t
c p otf degree improper, iitllerltilnet altnd in- I
I July ; suiting for him to single out any lsection t
July ; or any part of the people of the United t
rmn on States as victims of Executive aggres- j
h*. sue- Sin.
lasls Tile Sollt asked for none of his "col
elliation." It "hilnply deandedtl j1sfice,
tlhing leuanded what was its right under the
to teed Coastilution. There was no inre legal e
peared aiuhrioty for military interference in t
I, train Louisiana nld South Carolina than ilthe fre 1
lIha in would have hobe for the same tyranni
' done cal and nnconstitntional dentonstratio lt
portion in Ohlio and M:lsnaehlnsetts. Mr. Hayes d
knew this. His Cabinet knew and ad.l
initted it. More thiani otne of the legal
t adl gentletien who constitute MIr. lla3.s'
S:ilivisory board is on record as blaving
Sth declared, in the spring of 1877, thal
, A- there was no law, fulndamiental or stain
ontSo. ory, by which the Federal army 'onlld ci
thing he employed to uphold Packard or
from Chamberlain. Mr. Hayes tried to make fa
l873 a show of great and exceptional virtue 0
servo- in the withdrawal of troops from South Ie
ben Carolina and Louisiana, when, in fact, Ip
he was simply performing one of the 11]
snake plainest, easiest and most imperative
itly to duties devolving on the office which he 0I
velops had uIsrped. t
before And not only was it an inmperative TI
re ar, duty, but it was unavoidable. The out
rage of attempting to control the inter. in
or the nal afti re of a state-a sovereign state, to
to he the equal of any other of the fanmily of fry
teek states. -by Federal bayonets had been Co
carried so far that it could not he con- lia
first tinned longer The infamous gamne was fit
table up. Grant would have withdrawn the al!
troops had he not been prevented by the an
rrms I interference and intercession of A Mr. qj
is re Hayes' manUgers. When Hayes came in an
e, or he had no other possible choice but to be
get the soldiers out of Columbia and be
ome Noew Orleans, and let the people of Sh
spot South Carolina and Louisiana run their col
their own state governlments. ie had to do ori
such it, anal do it quickly ; and yet, in per. del
can forming an imperative anI'. unavoidalle cal
over act, he put on the air of a great bene- ha
o in factor of the Southern peopile! He who ele
held the ohice to which the Southern shl
that Denocrats and their Northern hretbern Ipa
had elected the uman of their gboice, he '1
aPQ who had been placed in power because sta
lutry the South preferred to suffer wrong tath- the
are or than violently insist on the installa- tioi
It to thio of the duly-elected President, had the
sited the effrontery to claim special credit for onl
hits, taking the iron heel of despotism from wh
tic off a portion of the Southern people
and. when he was absolutely compelled to do
Sjust that thing, and could do nothing
' else. lie called that "eonciliation." As I
lrvi well might a,barglar claim to be a con29
iare eiliator when, closely cornered, he is
ses- obliged to surrender a small portion of
iced. the booty he has stolen. apt
ery And now this eman talks of an "ag- tiei
all gressive policy." This man who has no scri
i the more right to commit an act of aggres.- ot
sion of oppression toward the South A
lier than towardsa the North, this de facto Ro1
President who cannot use such language that
without an offense that ought to be imra
I all peachable, talks of agrreasion to repa I
ne a the South for "ingratitude!" Becase had
full the Soathern people would not get down Lief
tly, into the dust of humiliation, anid offer Pil
sold him tributes of praise and thanksgiving T
rob f doing one proper act that he was B
literally obliged to do, he speaks of them apr
as if they were alien enemies, and bad ea
not the rights of citizens the same as if
, they lived in the North. Mr. Hayes will e
ar do well to rid himself of that spirit and
ar that feeling. He performed no "con- pe
e iliation." He was not asked for an. to el
d thing of that sort. And be will flind it
old highly codneive to his peace of mind, w
on and to the tranqnility of his adeninias- fnd
ian tration, not to attempt a resaion. He sh
lo. might go too far. He night endanger nit
are his oefticial head. Let him 3oietly mind ruin
lo. his bausinres. and he will fin that there t
is no call for him to conciliate any7body, an
and no chance for an "aggressive policy" dev
8 'without serious risk of troubles that he a
in will not cars to emonnter. Na
ne as an
de, The Cerruptileam Caremlttee. bond
rs. N. O, Democrat. -, W
The committee appointed by the
e Convention to investigate tle grave As
no rnmora of corruption of memberso of oi
'ithe Conventioo and their speela. aid ce
it lions in State consols, pending the %oud
Seonasideralion of the debt question, l,
es made its report on Wednesday, priord
if to the edJj rnlma nt of the C'nvention.
eTise etmmittee deelared, after examr- Thai
ng ining some forty or fifty witnesses, the l
to tIat it could trace these rumors to no turnir
at reliable source, "either by direct his ha
od evidence or well.authenticated hears "Give
cl say." "On the enotrary,n says thle religic
he committee, "It appeared to our satis hands
e faction that tie alanders upon the
art Cevention and its members were In
s originated and eireulated by the mises
ag, 'bulla' and 'belrs,' specolators in sy. A
no State bonds. for. no other purpose versees
Sthan to aflfect the market value of compo
aucsh hoods,n poem
I From this iavestigation the cent.
Smittsee eoneloded that those rumors
were the vilest of sladers, that no
i orruption,ftad bad ever ibn rais-e
ed, and that no member of t'he Cob
. vention had been ifSlaeneed ian his e on
o course in regard.to She debt questio thisof
s Iby an considerations that were not 8. Wo
I honorable. They further, declared Entry
* that all the scandalous rumora re, ,pon t
fleeting upon the integrity of mem E. ,
Shers of the Convention, were traces W t
s ble directly to Carondelet street, and with a
thet their object was to effect the entr,
SPrice of bonds for speculative pur- danyo
a It will be remembered.that Col. E. mony c
t IA. Palfrey was a very important wit. ment.
Sness before this eommitteeof investi
S.gatpon. HIe refused to answer eertal
Squestions, and Was arraignepd before Aug
i thi Convention for contempt of its
Sautltofty. :,It was disclosed that csp
l lsh inquirv had beea made .of Col. Take
1 Pailfrey to know ,it it were neesryrs e d
Sto. prevent repoudiation would Is nub- one
I aIrsbe ensey. He answered that Ih etop
u w ould not, but hie refuead to disMloe er-bt
! the name of the party whoe made the
I propellifon because of his absence, .
from the eity. For this he was ar
rained betf.re. the Convention, and
I t Convention very properly decod. The r
I.d that lie was not in contempt be are fled
aumpftf his refOsal to name the pW remain
ty whSe had proposed a acheme which f
4ers had never been an effort even,
to carry out. w e are con
.lAhthe coammittee we ar con.
1 tio all rumore refectings, up JOn
the intgtitis of any * usmber of the
PCtwpetiqp Is regard to the, setle'. I
an: od the debi question 'are ile
landersad .oought to be s treaied IrR
* CF'r· Pw 8 well onpwrn Ia manner.
tdiseolmaem to require say visd1 w
rthe directory of the company of whlich
he is president is eompons.d of men of
well-earPed reputations for integrity.
Mr, All of Ilthe have bhre'n sta~nchl,
Ps ion friends of the Nicholls gitvernen'llc t
i' to- drinug its hours of peril, and investl
facto ed in Louisina consios. '1eclause (of
such ~lfr taith in the l)emocrat, i pit i%.
ation They would not sanction fraud,
' tlit ol'ruplion or wrong dIlngig, andlJ it
eaas a gratuitfus itsintiaia t, IIl p.
e Ited Iby ary taltiflmony known i.
. ~ the pubilic, foir' ('ol. Lott to intimnite
nld that eorllOption mighlt lhave beeni dis
he't tcovered but for Col. Pally'" rcf lfual
I in- to dignify an idle renartk by drag.
etion ting into public the name of a party
iited then abselnt and unable to defend
Iree- himself if assailed.
coun We regard all these charges of
', "fraud, corrulption anid purcthase," as
,tl6 elinbating from persons who guagel
sin the morlals of others biy their own
here They w-old sell thenlellves, anid
ition think every onlle else ust per force
:yes do the same.
The Issues of the Campaign.
Washington Post.
- It would not be possible for a politi
tll cian to slake, a greater lli.scalcuilationl
or thalln John Shlerlnla is doing w1hleln1 he
iake fancies he can switc'h the campaign in
rtue Ohio and Maine ont to his side track of
011th resumption and refunding, aand save his
.at, party the drubbing il store for them for
the their recent record in Colngrews,
live The lth.eocrats who take the stulip in
he Ohio and Mainte will waste very little
litle on Sherman's tall columns of figures.
tire Th. people don't care a nickel for them.
'nt- The living issues of the hour, issues
ier involved were relegated from Congress
ate, to the counting the very existence of
ot free govermnunut, try. Shall the party
en controlling the Executive departmlent
,n~ have legal right and statutory facilities
,ra for keeping itself in power, despite the
the adverse votes of a majority of the people
the and states anrd districts ? That is the
Mr. q estion. Shall the army beat the beck
in and call of W. E. Chandler, or Mr. Hub.
to bell, or.any other Radical manager, to
and be used as a police force at the Polls ?
of Shall the attorney-geaneral appoint a
eir corps of bull-dozers, clothed with auth
to ority of United States officials, and or
or. dered to obey the instructions of Radical
le comnnittees and candidates ? Shall we
ae- have elections, or merely preteunse for
hlo elections? Shall the majority rule, or
rua shall it be understood that the "ins" are
mri. permanently in ?
he These are the issues. John Sherman's
se stacks of digits will have no interest for
lb. the people until these permanent ques
Ia- tions are disposed of. Let him howls to
ad the cast wind. Amateur bankers are the
for only persons who will affect to care for
,t what he says.
leo -- W
do Memphis Fever.
Ls 109 cases reported to date, of whom
' 29 have died.
of A large number of negroes made
application to the Howard Associa. I
li. on for employment as nurses. Their
o services were refused, as they were
- not t eeded.
hIt A private dispatch from Dr. W. E.
to Rogers, at Ben Aqua Springs, states
. that Lieut. ,obt. Dowdy, who went
v there frotm this place ten days ago,
had a genuine chase of yellow fever.
Lieut. Dowdy is a graduate of West
,r Point, not yet assigned to duty. I
g There are hundreds of guests at
s Bon Aqua and if the fever should an
I spread the consequence would be
d featful.
S Merchlants here complain very bit-. ol
Sterly at tihe refusal of St. Luuis to
. permi; goods shipped from this place
. to enter thir city.
i ---- --- . .... .. .. .
I, When John Shermin explains his re
funding the size into four per cents. he FC
lshould be frank enoogh to state that
ruinous Radical legislation, and his poli
cy so crippled the busiuess of the counn i
Btry that capital was withdrawn from Kst
Smannfacture, and other euterprises which
develolped our resources and kept labor t
Semployed, ad noht ainvestment in so
National secursties. le should add, too
as an important item, that the low rate
bonds did uot begiu to sell antil at be P
Scame morally certain that Radieal legis. ?t
latiob could afflict the country no more. d•a
- iWarehkto Post.
As as resmlt of long and profound study e
of Ithe woman question, the Boasto Her- a
aId comes out with the injnllotion: "If s
on dVsire to make a friend of hefor Ifor
life, pretend to mistake her for her hue
daughter." anl
A little religioa 'is a 'dangerous thing. t
That was Wellillnmrated in the case of hi
the tlreCaufing Virginian, who, while re
trning fromt a camp meet ng, held out au
his ha, d to an old enemyl andl exclaimel:
"Give me eyour hand, Sandere; I've gotf
religion, and I feel mreau, enough to shake li.
hands with a do.'"- Elmira Advertiser.
* In Englual eorrspondent. are dis
missed hby y.itora with hut scant court.:
sy. A shrinking maidell forwards some
verses upon a iBunch of Violets." The
comuposition is thus acknowledgml: "Your
c has seen the light. We lit our
cigar nwith it." PU
S.. NOTICE.
'1Yrrn e ahsA LAXD OFFICE,
NatUbitXocs,:La. July 28th, 1879.
Complainnt. having been entered at
thisbi office by Elg' Nash against Tlomas
8. Woods for abandoning his Homestead
Entry No 259, dated 19th August. 1871.
upon the N f N. E.and 8. E. of N.
E. #, Sectlio 26, Township 7 N. Range 8
West, in Natchitoches Parish Louisiana,
with a view to the cancellation of said
entry, the said parties are hereby urn
moned to appear at this office on the let
day of September, 1879, at 10 o'clock A.
N., to respond and furnish and testi.
moony concerning said alleged abandon
ment.
L. DUPFrJx, Register.
Aug. 2.tf. A. LEEer, Beceiver.
ESTRAY NOTICE,.
. Taken up by Clement Brosset and es
•tr{,ed- before the under.igned author.
ity, one gray borse branded 8 cressed at
the top on the left oulder, with an un
der-bit on the left eat, 13 hands high.
SAn- "" " E, MA880N,
Aug. s-4t. J. P. Ward 10.
ASSESSIENT NOTICE.
The revised Assanmut Rolls for 1879,
are filed ini the Reeorder's office and will
remai open for correction for thirty
days from this date.
.Aug. et. J. P. JOHNSON,
Aug. -It. a essor.
"".. " ......
JOSEPH C KEYSER
rlrckmaker a itayer.
iR PiP ED tode all work entriuted
_ to him qnlekly aud in a workmanlike h
.-aer. Tomb,'Cbinnmes, Cisterns and
other work soliclited.,
O r"1*lef at 3ULLARD & CAMP.
BBfL'I, will be promptly attended to.
: :J ll. , IY ... . . . .
F which NEIW ADVERTISEMENT.
nin of - - - -_ r
gurity. The Way to do Buslne's.
laiuinch,
nit.eli $ 1000.
Filst- FARMERV'II.LE, LA., MtAv 22, 1879.
S fReceived fromn the LOUISIANA
IIt EFQUITABLE LIFE INSURANCE COM
fnil*, PANY, Chelk No. 318, n the,. New Or
and it *u,,s Nati',al MInk, for 11000) ONE
' Isup- 'HOI ANI I, JOLLAES, in full for all
Wn 'i rlnims iindr P'olicy No. :3167, ternin.a
tinte *t41d by Ihi. d,,lIh of any brother, DAVID
n die l ' . 1 l. L'lll lE i l. .
fusal I enir lily Ihanks for th, I me prptness
drag. ali li.crality in Ia';ying my clail in ad
pnrty 1MATILDA LAUPHIEIMER.
lef t T IWrE.:ES :
ores Ofl'. LI(.
WM. P. EMMMlERNON.
e," as
guag., *(101e
own NEW ORLEIANS, JuLr 15, 1e79.
antl I-eivedl from i lit, 1601381NA
IEQUITAIlhE LIFE INSITRANCE COM
force 'ANY. of New Orl'haNs, Click No. :;::,
on theI. New Or:erlaM National RBiuk, of
N 'w Orlliins, for (4000) FOIURI TIIOUI
SAND DOLLALS, in fiull of all c'linms
lillder Policy No. :l10t. termlinateld b
Slle ,lealhtl I If li te ltct bul alld, D, E.
ILAIP'IIHiMEI.
oliti- I tlender tlhe Company nliy thanlks for
ti their proilllpta;,,. in h.ttliug tuis claim.
n he Very respectfullv,
Sin ELLF:N LACPHEIMER,
ek of Per E. BRUNNER, Attorney. [
e his WTN'EssES :
an for H. N SORIA.
Ip in CHAS. J. TROL'ARD.
little
LIPres STMABLJ ,
,"erf NELS. TAYLOR,- .- PlnomPilr oR.
party
menit THIRD STREE., of
ilities a
the OPProSITR E THE NEW ENGINE HOUSE. b
Oc(ple i
I the ALEXANDRIALA., t(
beck
Hub R
r, to (ARRIAGES,
oils 1 BUGGIES and to
lit a IIORSES TO LET.
I oi. HORSES KEPT by the Day, Week, o10nh.
dical
I we The STABLE is the LARGEST and
for MOST COMFORTAB'LE
e, or
ºAre in the State.
ian's J' Particular attention paid to for- I)i
for sea left on KEEP, or for SALE,
Sto TO DROVERS!
i the
for SPLENDID MULE PENS. ha
Will rent STALLS of
by DAY or WEEK is
tom FOR HORSES. e
ade HORSES; CARRIAGES, BUGGIES and lo
cia- HARNESS ALWAYS on HAND for SALE. eiti
heir April --ly. bei
'ere -------- Sal
E. Grand core o
ent in a
ot WAREHOUSE. i
ese WM. FRENCH, Proprietor. Isn
HAVING putchashed the business oU
at Chambers & Barbee at this point, roll
old and secured their services, I am prepas.
Sed to store and forward promptly, alt
freights and cotton consigned to my care.
i Rates of storage in fuiture will be as li
follows: act
to Fifteen Cents per barrel for treights. Not
Iee Thirty.fve Cents per bale for Cotton.
WM. FRENCH.
March 94-tV. C
re M -------.----
SFOR SALE ON EASY TERMS.
in st. A lot on Sibley street, In the town of
all katehitocehes.
i2. A honse and lot corner second & Horn Ste
c dl . A tract of land on Clear Lake, 349 acres.
Mar 4tb. A ...' on Old river, 4I acres.
8 5th. A " .*. In townshlip 19, rangp , wifi
6th. A tract of land on Red river, bounded On
tave boy lanads of W W Braeale and .U. U
l Payne. and below by O.  Iorse. 3. acres.
as. 7th. Four lots ln the town of Grand Ecore. at ti
re. dealgaedlaslot lo, 3, 73. 5 0. Also lot of it
arond in the town of Natehitocher, also A ty
trctof land. belng Rio Rondo clhm No. 16 hot
6th. A trat of land in townlshp 10, range e, on ti
eontalnlng 3 i 1 acres streou
th. &ftract ofm land In townsbhip 1, rnee 6, i
and towuship 1, ange 5, contaiagr 46 i.100tory
or Icth. Ales an uldivided one-third of a place
er Lnow u the Bocee place, containling l1O
Ilth. Aeonse sad lot on Jackson Square.
11th. A lot of ground on Jackeon Square.
g. 13th. A traet of land in township 6, range
of 9; known as claim 36, contalnltl 51 acres.
pMEgER WEDI & CO.
Apply to L. CASPARI. Ju
it June ,4-Gm.
:M. H. WILKINSON,
(8nccessor to T. LaePete.)
D: DEL G G . ZiT, ~ut
" NATCHITOCHES, LOUISIANA. higl
ir Dealer in
PURE DRUGS, at 12
CHEMICALS, 'et
PATENT MEDICINES, o
TIEPERFUMERY, of0
TOILET ,N'D FANCY ARTICLES. fendi
L d3V Perncriptions carefully prepared, C
. day or night.
B The services of Mr. Laecoste will be re- .l:
tained in the buinese,
SNOTICE.
Having sold out my entire stock of GO
Drugs, e., to M. H. Wilkiunson, I beg a
- to solicit my old friends and enustonmers
to extend to him a share of the patron
age hitherto so liberally bestowed upo suit a
me. T. LACOSTE. will
June 1. biddol
-__ the ci
JAMES C. MOISE.
at 12
PHOTOGRAPHS ty
-AND- 2nd 8
PORTRAIT PAINTER,
AIS Oallerq at LacoHte', Hall will Ibe street,
Deopen eer SATURDAY and SUN- ll
DAY. All kinds of Photograplq taken. t o
Copies made at reduced prices.
Cabinet or Inrial size peor do,. $ o00
' doz. 400 Cwe
Card size, pr dozen 00
" II 4 200 July
Other sizes in proportio.
JON . a MoA, & SS Tk
ALtANDI~RlIA, LATae
helewordameI a;ll Is branches. BOIlPdr. deecrih
fPortable. Cttem Ohm Ind5 , Pip. Atu. u brand
sad repoirinl of Cotton GTM, &Gwnllh
Sntrluuetlr • lluhdrmty. lls sl l on the
atedatew (hisass plieee frt l'ht
llorders fr the iu 0wrr'r'1 J. '.
ceryJatit~ah prlehsL~ LlymS(
NEWADVERTIEEMENTS9
V N~~OTICE. '`
, p r J i n d e .b t 1d t o t h e f i m l y i "
a* .ari S Dietihl. are respectfully
requested~ to call on ther undrsgnd Bomkeitpneitosetlmets pm
n~ekeirr~ll~ Oflflt fldt Figoqj ra
attention to the albove wilI be tolb.
teresat of those so) indel~te(l.
L. CIIPABRI
June 7-tf. Liqui' r 1R
TH M IEDICALDEPARTM T
(?it T E
University of Louisia14 I
NEW ORLEANS.
Poss ess.es unrivaYll ed advantage s fo lCTe y
hasi an annrtal admIIiision of mor0 t0e
Six Thoausand patietnts, and. I.1681tta
dlaily by the Prfulesors acoumtpsnjed li
the Students. b
Tale AihAitalp Circular will be sent k 1
T .lIIA DSON, M.ho D II3
~'J. DANDLE,
JPARISgl SU? VEI'Ok,
Is preparedl to attmnd the wabta ofth
public. Office sir iniles East of Nateh1.
toclws.
Addiress. Jx X v 9,' Post oice
Marcj 22.lv.
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS
SHERIFF'S SALE.
Fred. Wilson vs. T. E. Prothro,
Parish Court, Parish of Natchitoche
No. 1929.
't1Wro. BY virtue of a writ of Fi. Fa. ia.d
in the above entitled and number.e
suit and to me directed, I have seiaed
and will offer for sale to the last and
ROUSE. bighest bidder at the door of the Court
Homse in the city and parish of Natchi.
toches, on
Saturday, August 16th, 1879,
between the legal hours of sale, the fol.
lowing described property, to-wit:
0 LET. One dark bay Mule.
Terms of ale :
1.11th, Cash- Subject to appraisement.
L and . A. IJEBLIEUX,
Aug 2.-3t. Sheriff.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
Adeline Campbell vs. William T. Sims.
to Dor- District Court, Parish of Natchitochs.
No. 8254.
DY virtue of a writ of seisure and sal,
issued in the above entitled and
numbered suit and to me directed, I
have seized and will otter for sale to
the last and highest bidder at the door
of the Court House in the cit and par
ish of Natchitoches, on
S Saturday, Sept. 6th, 1879,
between the legal hours of sale, the tol.
S and lowing described property to-wit :
A certain tract of land or plantatir
SALE. situated in the parish of Natchitochees
being all of that portion of the 1ay
Saline Bend plantation on the west bask
of the Bayou, containing the aggregats
quantity of nine hundred and forty-three
3s-100 acres more or less, and situated
in sections three (3), four (4), nine (9)
and ten (10), in township nine, of rang
sit west, bounded on the north by land
of George W. Morse, on the west by
tor. lands belonging to Bonllt & Bro., on the
led o0 south by lands belonging to D. R. Car
point, roll and known as the St. Maurice plan
repal tation, and on the east by the &Sli
y, al Bayou and the plantation of John E.
Jones, being the same acquired by Wil.
be e. liam T. Sims from Ar Miltenbge r by
act of sale passed before A. E. Lenes,
Ihts. Notary Public, on the 9th Augt,, 1875.
too. Term of Sale
Case-sabject to apprisement.
L. A. DEBLIEUX,
Aug. L-tds. Sheril.
Saeesetion Sale.
own of
s ucceesion of Mim. Areore Metoyer.
cres. Y VIRTUE of an order of the Ron.
Parish Court, of Natchbitooe, thee
go 1 wi be offered for sale, at public auction,
ended on
U. Wednesday the 13th day of dug. 1879,
Ecore. at the door of the Court House, ln the
lo of city of Natehitochee, Ihe follow lg mp.
, erty belonging to said succession: The
house and lot in the City of Natchitoches,
age 9, on the corner of Jefferson and Amulet
streets known as the "Metover reiden,,"
le , and p rticularly described in the iave.
tory in said succession.
pie Am of Sale:
uare. Cash, subject to the appraisement
e. BEN MTroYaIR.
range J. AuLPaoNse PRUDROMar.g
J. ADOLPHE PRUDHOMME,
July 12-st. Executorn.
N, HERIFF'S SALE.
J. C. Trichel vs. J. E. Bredia.
Y virtue of a writ of Fi. Fa. Issued in
Sthe above entitled and numberedl
Ssuit and to me directed, I have misiu
alnd will otfer for sale to the last sad
highest bidder at the door of the .Ouart
House in the city of Natchitocheq on
8aturday, Auguut 16th, 1879,
at 12 M., the following described propter
tyto-wit:
'One certain dwelling hounse, situated
Northwest of the city of Netchitg~.s, la
township 7, range 9, about one juOarter
ofa mile from the limits of mil eity,
now, or heretofore occupied by the de.
ES, fondant, J. E. Breda.
Terns of Sale :
id, Cash-subject to alppraisement.
L. A. DEBLEIIi,
e re- July 12-tds. Sherif.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
Sof Gab. Brown vs. Isaac Krahn Co.
w Y virtue of a writ of Fli. PIs. ased
ron-t in the above entitled and nutbered
po suit and t, me directed, I have seisedand
will oter for sale to the last and highest
bidder at the door of the Court Roees in
the city and parish of Natehitoches, a
S&turday, August 16t1k, 1879.
at 12 M., the following described propO
r ty, to-wit:
. One certain House and lot sitaued a
2ud Street in the City of Natehitechus,
comprising three lots of ground with
the buiklings and improvements thee
on, bouded on the north by fTIgs
street, on the west by the Collese
- grounds, on the south by propel. if
en W. H. Jack and Toulin street, and
the east by Seeond street.
00 Terms of S&ale:
00 Cash-subject to appraisement.
L. A. DEBLIiUUIJ
00 Jnly 12-tds. Sheri.
ESTRAY NOTICE.
Taken ap by James W. Little ad
trayed beibre me the nndersigned auth
•D 3rity, one bay mare and her two aeillte,
n described s follows: The by am.
'n, brandel on the left shoalder D stad
Son the left hip M 2, and two hose elmt
I1 without brand or marks.
SL. MASSON
lej J. P. Ward 19, Parish of Natehitobis 
at July l.tl,