TOWN AND COUNTRYI
IBusiness continues dull.
..... ----.-.Nam-- --
The river conti'nuis to tlecliine rap
idly.
There will be a mass meting of the
Democratic-Conservative citizens of
uiund 4 to-day.
. .--. -.- 4. , -- -
Onr iaiJsh peoplle nae all doing quite
well now, in a political way. This
town ind country 'nuarrel must cease,
however.
The Lafourchle epublican says
that Judge II. N. O koit, the
D)emocratic nominee fobr Attorney
General of this State, comnmale( ed
the White Ieag;ei on the 14th of
September, 1i74. o,· * ont A)t!
The Parish Central Committee
of the Denirtiatic Conservative
party will mnet at their rooms on
Monday next. As it is their reg
ular meeting, a full att`ndftihe 1A
requested.
V" . -·...?... .--
eve have now to note that rflii
ias fallen in hally if not all the
hifferent portions of the parish.
V'otton worms have made their ap.
pearance on many plantations and
we are very apprehensive they
# ll` d6 damllge.
Blunt and Lewd ivdnit "blood
and aslis"-w il w 1
H- H. Hat'bhrin, Esq., bo Ward
', is spoken ofi by the DIenldi:ratic
'Conservatiies ciizeill aii a prob.
'able eandidate fr fth Legislature.
A gooal. man inid iaold make a
good representative.
The steamer Bart Able caine to
our landing with A good tr1ip oi
Tuesdly last. Capt. G. . . Itamil
ton commands this line packet
wfth Wolfolk, Dowty and Joffrion
as clerks. Of course she is like
home to all our people and lier
patronage is liberal and will be
sustained by ail;i
A negro was drowni, in front
"sf town on Sunday morning last.
dause, 'whisky and water.
The soldier who was wounded
by young Collier a week of twd
'lee, is, we are happy to ay
Sapidly recovering.
Dr. •. C. Cunningham-of .,ward 11
ripenrted the speeches mnde at Car
)igL Jones' and Mr. Perot gave the
T"ldicator informni;tion rehlting to the
Campte'gaetehit g of incendiaries.
Thank , gentlemen; foryonr klndihbsa:
Thweantlher Ias been 'riy- pleaiInt
for some days past, but tleire.is mnuoh
i" ninesks meportedi inl time bouitry;
'We Ihave learned that it has
li~tn Akit 1y solite fentlemen in
o'urtir towj, that the Editor of the
!fiat w-a- j o- ~f,-o and
'Cemt"oneeringtfor, certati partid tbfor
oftke in onrparish. Wearemuch
"Itedg that ariy gentlem an should
ie, so far. forgot his duty to
tatement-a s&temgelitk.- pro.
,bhiuthie VdiWoo); ir i th
ple's &gin, and we l .Avd aiu:
. make it a partiss Journii
Sthe beginninp. I~t'k. Iciitol,
ao Mieuds+ to ri&~i*d or ene.
to punish, fi thi: political
,al repmts, statfmnto, or
tlieSt1 the ontsry, not
tanding.,
s!ya 8y+.a any thnpg f that.
 q3 S:'.. We.t are on the
me o a io iqie oan
it dile mul , j 96~ up d8.r i oews,
An d... . e ullo .. ..ecla
wekg; wisen brimisll of whisky,
t Mf8 wiiit. nen irouh vote for
;la ay aaWnt rus jufiid , fit Be
labliggeaft0a.ades.rit the
~4 think-h the1
bra aa
wie wul
47'
THE BI.OX IO 'lO IG PITFOIIII,
RefoA, a Fair Electioi,; Public
Whools, Railroads; etc.;
Demanded.
TI, {'t. Louis Nominees anz Plat
form Indorsed.
Kie g and the Radical Party De
nounced.
Tihe following is the full epti;t on
platform of the committee tippointed
at the Baton Rouge Convention, and
of which Gov. Albert Vuoohles was
chairman :
REFORM.
We, the representatives of the temo-n
cratic-Conservative party 6f the State of
Louisauna, in convention assembled. do
hereby declare administrative and po
litical reform to be the lItuiiml'uint issue
in the coming general etttlian, and we
earnestly appeal to olr fellow-citizens of
every former political association, white
and colored, to zealously co-operate with
is in our pronounced effort to effect suich
reforin.
THE RADI.tAL PARTY.
We arraign the Radical Itt& r, ouiLpu
iTiana for marked aentd il en viola
tionaot the.letter and. .ppirIt of the con
stitutiou; for the 'umptiou .p t'illicit
ppwers for the bened qt" .tle pirty, and
to the great injury ani alnit total ruin
of the State; toh fo* nthnsti. i peuiionls
between the riceo ntid cue lerateli" ex
citing strife a;nd tiurmoil. thereby cruelly
saeriticing tile lives of colored and white
citizens, witli the intent of lprp~erntiug
unwarranted and alndlstitutiodtl! intei
foerence in our State afftiTh.
'rtlvt I. tl t2Io.
W . e .T:.*-Atieýi'. tJle us!irpative and bad
Goerovtr ent which Louisiana has suffered
tor.the last four years, ua usurpationa ln
det :which offticer elected by the people
have been displaced, the government a'r
bitrarily overthrown, by leeler'll poer,
the Legislatwry invylde.dat alJipersed by
bayonets in title of lir¢otulnd peaace, and
such violent mid tinlawtful interference
adds but adnotller ; d the long list of crimes
for whliih lthe eliiiblican party should
be hedt to deetiuut in November next.
A PAIR ELEC'Fro[..
We hereby proclaim that it is Iiitt de
sire 'and fixed purpose, under dty iind
every provocation, to have s1 fair. and
peaceable election ; but we demand and
insist that there shall be tid tioletic or
intimidation exerciqed ti.Mit6 ulch of
our colored fetllow-citizens as may wish
to co-operate ultli u for the redemption
of the State ost ijhisrale.
AMY0M IENTS 'tO THIE CONSTIT(TlOX.
We tihly recognize the binding effeid
S three recent articles of aulienl
denit to the Constitution of the United
states, and accept the sat)ti li, a final
settlemuent of the eo trtw,.vtsieii that ed
gendered vtvi wat; $iid we pledge our
selves to 'fotect every citizen in the ex
ercise of the rights acquired and gua;ran
teed by said amiendments, whatevbr be
his race, co.or or previous conditloll:
TRK 5TA'r )1 F.AN1E$.
We hereby pledge o6ir party to the sat
isfactionl of all the lt~gail obligations is
saied by thie ~ttot of-L'onuisihut , to the
nost streinouts elffots iu tho direction of
refornm and ate ..eeoitnlid1 dadministra
tioo, of the datertiniqi.t ad114 especially
to tia dildliti6n df ili itntcceasary pub
lic olmcIee tli tlJe redrdctl4ldtpf fe s and
salariesf ofl tlers t thle staundard of a
fai remnlnerationi and the consequent re
daictlon of taxation to the lowest Iposi
116 linilt comnenisurate with the neces
sary expense stf the. government anid
the preserv:ttidn of the public faith, and
to the edrtallment of the daugerunsly
large patroini e of thle dtief' llxuicutive
of the Stat; . -
We deelare oursel es iln ft.f;o ol.the
Iassage of tile 'l'ex,, ~['ii tc ailc iroad
bill, nowv dilting before Cwlrngiero, arid
recoiltJietii (ar luniembeIrs # iVng;s' to
advacate ts paisage at an eai'ly datte:
i. advocate tie f6lrhfn of tjle pub
lie gehools for thile benelit if alltile1 edn
eatilio clltilten cf the Saite; itll that
eqntl i Mt tl$itllTe Ib.given to all chliildrenu.
colbid taS Fi'e!'f t hite. " '
We e, pprole of alnd endorse
the l 'o tie National Democratic
party, rite-il alssemnbledl in convention
.st, [ ai..dnd tfeel inspiritI. wiih the
jeii4o4~l.ittir Governnent jll the fu
tt hilt tile great questioni of rerlrm is
JiTfore the people of the whole
counn 1 li ty great natidnal lhitv, and
e pldgois oilisdrils to use our utliost
efforti to seeiite the Success of tloIoe
reat eionents of national refrmni,
laml. ..Tilden and Thos. A. ITendricks:
For Sale.
f ORthepfly btat a.
offe for e;
t 6tik ti*act of
I tt `ide p 0104 Qf Re, River,
ti  hm k right 'bank of
mgI , psee " o, Sog
Bnih, Ve lloe -tennin.s 23, "4, 2 anid ",0;
.n Thii elh;agea11e Wst;eoMtain
o  an eentt h e i i
iI tbve
aio
e a 6 te~e sant,
ot 'thbr 'bellaoig terms: e
Onp-third cash; the balance ioe: and
tfo ear', tith' mortgage and vendor's
pdvilg .teervedw vii inte s4 r t the
r ecent, on thocui latjPdrehiee
Et ý fir i fore :,i ..:. r
Idertain tr of hnd or plants
ion altuatedin ,the of Grant, State
of isind ba of the
rat of 6i0 aiores of Ml by1
on to Lml Prudhom, as
aar tidh or uh I
, - A, PRUDHOMME,
el tblrud
THE PLATFORM.
it. T!,,1. Jt'te. 28.-Thll c"n ' vtion
was calledk to orda? at 215 I tF. i -
.S 10gq31,creditli,iof Virginia, Clhainri
of Committee on Resolutios, presented
the report, stating a great many tyol.l
tions were tu'esented, all of whicli had
een c;arefully examined iand discgltmed
before coming to an agreelnent. 114 re
quested .Governor Dorsheimer, of New
York. to Aicd it to the convention, as fol
lows: ,,,,,
THE PLATFORM.
We, the . legatles of the D)emocratic
party of BIt ,lit.t States, in National
Convention asselniil,,d, do here declare
the administration. of the Federal Gov
ertnllen4 to Ihte it utgent need of immedi
ate reforun· 9 lhereby enjoin upon the
noniibreep :f this Convention and of the
Democratic party in each State a zealous
eff rt and do-tperation to thii end, and
do hereby. appeal to odt, fellow-citizens
of every former political connection to
lthaderhike with Q' iJis flAgt ald most
preing t iatrioticd tsty. lNoi.tihe Demno
cracv of the whole conuntr .e.,do here
reaftlnim iur faith in the .pertnn1Jrtncy of
the F.lderal Juion. Our derltidi to the
Constltutiuhd of the Unit.&d States, with
its anietl dmenta universally accepted as a
final settlement of the controversies that
engendered civil war, and do here record
our steadfast confidence in the perpetuity
of Republican self-governieni.t; ilp abso.
jIte acquiescence ip the will. ýf the ma
jority, tihe yital itilici ils rf republics;
in the,. sirpnihli~,y,, P tihe civil over the
military arqthelrity; in the total iepern
tion of.Chuscli aud State for the sake
alike of civil and religious freedom; in
the etuality of all citizens before just
laws of their own enaetment.;
IN TIHE LIBERTY
of individual conduct, unvpxedl. dl llp
tuary laws. In the faithfd eduedcaion of
the rising generation, that :.hey may
preserve, enjoy,atld titfnlit thesa, best
conditions of hluman bappiness and hope,
we behold, the noblest prolucts of a hun
dred ye,ra of changeful history; but
while utiholding the bond of our union,
and the great charter of these our rights,
it behooVes a free people to practice also
tlnl; eternal vigilance which is the price
of liberty. Reform is necessary to re
build snd establish in the hearts of the
whole people the unioln eleven years ago
happily rescued front tJe dangii ; 9t, cor
rapt centralisum whlikli, after.. in icting
upon ten States the rapacity of.,
C .TPET-IBAG TYRANNIES.
Hlas haney-comthed. the oflieeap of the
Federal Goverilenl't itself tthti it'capaci
ty, waste and fraud, infected Staites and
municipalities with the eontagiion of mis=
rule, andl locked fast the prosperi.ty ef. hn
industligt ius1~ 1le'..i Ithe . pnrlySis of
hard .titiesa ., ,form is lieessary to es
tablish it sornd currency, restore the
ittlitd t;dit, and ut;iin .rt. tfitnational
lhonor. WIe dletuoin.oe the ,failure for all
these, elev,en yeu r, to. take good tihe
promins of the legal t{alder notes which
arie i chaiging standard of vnlue in the
hands of the people, and .the non-pay
ment of which is 1a dcjsrqgard (of te
plighted faith of .be flation., i e de
nounce the iiiiroviulece which, in elehve
years of peace hais taken from tl .people
in Federal taxes thirteen tilns tsteliohole
amonut of tlie legail teuied nbt  aind
squandered four tinles this snitd in use
less expense without, accuinulatinti any
reserve fdir their .redemptil. Wq de
nounce thei financial imbecility tid im
nmoralitj of that party whichli, during
elevent,yeat;, of peacoe ,hag usaid.tio al
vyauidtoward resutmption; that instead,
has obstructed resituiptimit by wasting
our resoreces amd exhauLitilig all our sur
plus inicoije, itid while annuaily profes
sing to intend
A Si1EEDY RETURN TO SPECIE
PAYM.1ENTS
hnas annmally oenact"LE ii enh id tilndaes
t.hei.eto, as aich it liitildrauio.. we de
uoliilne the resumnitit il calnuse .OL the act
of 187o, ui \o,llwhera' dasiliuld its repeal.
We alemlaid .,,aaicitd .systenm of,.pre
paration by Plilic, ecoiulifilije, by official
nrtn~eilltgidiill Wy \fi*e thlatnce which
shal tinjible t ., titiui to.. iin.ire the
whielr i.oril of i~Iperfect abilit. and its
perieet readiness t n'eet ,i:y d its Iirom
ines at the cal of t rl . reditor hrtitled to
pauient. We be e such a system,
well dleviseldal LaoveO ill eUtrnated to
conelnpeteti lianlt Jiji e~citlln, creating
at to tilho d i thti id d:iai'ity ml f i:y r
rencv mid it iiuiti3 ailartilitig the pub
lic ,;indi nti altlldhwial .ff tia)it vas
ter tilitide'jy oa' chredit lify,ich ninety
five ior.jpnt. of all Isilness transactions
are pelformed, a systenm opsiI · ilimb and
iuspiringi~,'eral. confideice would fromn
tIe day of itat19tiii e .
h.iNs iefli. Obb iTs WI NGos
to all ou hiarsepAl i.hnn.try and ¶t in
mlotiOn tihe Alieels.,pf .CoplJrie 4 lu#nui
fct.ureg antit thq bahilcal tt, re,,ore
elMitloyflet tb labrF aid rtalnew iu ail its
atibuali ,eonrte tie prosperlty . the
peqpldt. iefornim .isec~srary.,, tHe sumn
a*md mode.of Fedeitdl tax tiao tlhe end
that cepital may be eet,frBe from distress
aiid labor lightly bantdoitid. We de
uounce the pilit tiliff levied upon
nearly four t.hap sntl articles as a master
piece of illj;jutii iiequality and false
plretenk;.it. '1lda a dwindling, not a
yearly risio,?reVenue; it hui imlpoverish
ed mo iItluntries to snbsidize a few;
it prohibits imports that might purchase
the products of Amerien la bor; it b~as
degraded American commerce from ithe
tirst to an' inferior upon the high ~reas;
it has acut dowu the sales of.
AMERICAN vMANTUFA"iliE
at home andl abroad ai.p .dei etAthe re
turans of American aarturt iir 'uds-l
try followed by ba 1o 4 p6p.,e f,cotst;
the people five tiis m ljt pro
duces to thi i er3) ; iflM~rmctsti i pro
cess of pritlffetioli an'1 wea the fruits
of laIb :vit lprouiote~' ftid aand fosters
'smnrihee dltuhoeg.t oflcials
andl Iaispt hest merbants. We
c de t hf Ifi (lnstoma~hqe taxation
8tai. i~ ha' ,1OUtC0m,.
000,000 gold in ta%, m ' ,,u eur
rency in 1870: or i oi udeee ' om lees
than fie doloiT iae f|e:.t& ml, e tham
:eighteen d .r.y~per .:.L SlOae, the
peae thim, lpi lend paMto that tax,
S.that mient
neey pae r a fo every of
toer of th goverp h ek,.o 'w s o
•tail tntau £Vs tajImo *hieh
hair ptd- tL, ir et of
-emrsou¢.tlmt . M r-e usi
corredit l
£eh~i~ij~tlW~!a .fou~ab~ib~ adk
Id.ia: s teeCW h a*lt4fh
toU-s~uupy pO
..i '.- 4~i
1%~
legihlath n hy I 'ol,,.::,sy, within+' a musti
tutirnld lili'tai sl shall prev)illi tihe
further ilporttt!.tl t or inumtigrat.lu of
the Ioulgoliait aiec. Reform is ia
ry al, can I I(ier he etru'oted but ul y ~1t-;
king it thei retrolling islite of thli: ,lec
tions. and l1,il6ng it above the two 4tllso
issue;i with , hitch the ollice-holdingl ca!:Lss
and the li pil: in power sek to smotlher
it. 1l:h,o+tso issues with which they
would eikindle
S tCTARIA:1 STRII E
in resappt to the public schools, qI',,tic
the estabishmlnent and supuort 4lwl ng .ex.
clnsivel. tu tme several States, antt! which
the Del),ocratie party has eheri s4d fomain
their titnidation aml resolvei..to maini
tailn d!thout partiality or lJift.ir; e: for I
ali l'c.ass, sect or cre d, and. ithout onnm
tril;utillg from the treasury to ally. .The l
false Issue bIy which they seek tt light
a'nW the tieing enllers eC f ctjrtial hat.e
bettieen kindred lpeople o nC c i dniatitral.
ly estrailgedtl, but now reulliitt it pniei
iund!isible republic anld i cdtlinl',ll des
tiny.
eform is ,necessary Sa he ilvil ~i vice.
Experience prove$ ,t1ilt tje,. eflicient
ecollnOlical t.coildct iot f til. goveranllletatl
business is Mlit 1ýusible if its civil service
b1e subjected to cauligiq 4 every election
and be a. priie offered attlih ballot-box as
a brief reward of party zeil,.instcaul of I
posts of honor assigned for proved. coln
petency, and held for fidelity in the pub- 1
lic employ. That the dispensing of the
patrolinlge should ineither be i tax upon
the time of all our public illen, nor the
INSTRUMENT OF TIIlt9R1 AMBITION.
lere again prfti;ssons thiilsiled in the I
performance al est thlilt..tle,..plirty in
power caii Adrk i.o Iirectical orl' salrtary
retifolarm.Iii \ 111.l isl.lecess:ury even ilmore
in thie higlher. giwltes tit pIildte service.
Presint i . Vice-lreeltetlit, .Itadges, Slousl
tor,. R4 plreeuea tirsn, Uinbtlilt Olfcers,
theme, ui!ild dl others ill anthority are the
petolºle' servants. Their oflcesl are lnot
a private perquisite. They are a publlic
trust. Whlen the aninalt of this IRepuib
lie, the disgrace and kelisilte of a Vice
Presid uit, a late Sllelker of tihe House
of Rep)resenitativels imarketting his ruling
as a plresidhig 4ofllCter,
TIIiEE SEATOITIS$
iproflltig seci'ctlL Iy 1tlii 't vote4 al law
Imakers, live. challfnuil of the leading
coiluittees of ith .latih Miouse of Repre
sentaitiv;n expo!,ed in ,iobber, a late
Secietelly of the Treasury tin'iIg lhaloie
es of thel public aecollllunts, a lie Attorney
General miisaaplrpropriating lilhlic ill uls,
a Secretalry of tile N.4y enuliched or en
riehii,. friends by percenlta"ges, levied off
the prolits of colwtriat.rt iwiTh his depart
ment, an Anllfsiador toi nghlll censur
ed in a diplidlliulrable speculation, the
President's Priiate Secretary barely es
capllilg conliction IIpou trial foir glilty
coamplicity in fraids upon the reveiue, a
Secretary of War inllpeelied fdI' lIigh
crimes and confessed misdelimeanors.
THE DI~MONSTRIATIdN is CdMiPLuETE
That thl firit stepI millust be the public
choice iii Ithonelt men from anotlier party,
lest the disease of one political lirganiza
tion ilfest the whole body pohlltic and
thereby making no ehaiigt uill' l1lel or
pafty, we call get no clitIgl ul ttsleasurls
lid 110o reform.
ALL TLtti,3 AljUSE;
wrongs inr crillles, tile pIrolduIetof six
teen y ,a.io it. ices aehtli ,o thlie fItilibli
can ilpt't., create a necessity for reform
c li'fesed by the ielilcainciulsa themnselves.
But these reforners aire voted down in
conrvetaiuttlind.dlhilllhCel front thq Cabi
net,. .TTh, liIart.: ' JnIuiS of hoIlsti votes is
pouwcilels to resin . s . etalilty tollinsild
oftice ihitlerit', its le:lor ain( gl ides. lie
forili c;Ii.tily l, lhlmiil by i peaceful civic
r.voltti.l;i ...We detliuld, tll change of
sy,:aeli, a lhailge of adlliliistratioin, a
cl!'iug4 of parties, tlhit iwe miaty have a
change of men.
s1ll s' LA "ItE RE" T lTO,
For all diseases bfi tile Liver, Stoihnich
aund Spleen.
After Forty Years trhil !t it
still receiving the Inmct ililail
itied testimionil of its Ii;'tes,
frolt Peslol ofit tile liilghest
chlracter ln d riesiijiihllilitvy.
Eunilelcut lilysiuelaiil cuminleld
it as thle most.
It is euiiu tiv a Fnamily
Medicine, itli)3.y being kept
redd~iy. dlt ediaite nrsrt,
will ave iiiuiny an hour of suf
foring, inud many a dollar in
tiltie afitd
DOCTORS' BII;S; ,
jtiir Regulator is one of the beet fami
ly miediciles I ever used. I have not
spent olne dollar for my .fnilil, for mdli
clue iu five years, only fe' yepiJtleula
tor, aind must eay it douat an lt; says it
will. Yo eau also eednimne f i Colic
for Stock, it haviil cir a t.$fie maile of
mine worth Five Ilyijirm dolare.
J. A; pIlsox, Maent l a.
The LYIA,~ the oarjp~t urgsgl
in thlg a,, gq tYI&f thie
Sseattfthltj' seie, amud if not
Ieriilclt 5.i W tedlel; prit diue
If yon feel n, dr ; Eted
hihe, a,,nllt
y*a me nlgrie p
Liver Fr. "Billiousnueen". nd
nothillg.ill ctt yo em peedi
Rion. Alex, Hi Stephens..
"* oeaesiially use, wbon nvy igl
tlon reqiitrs. it, Dr. imiaddi' tfor -
i ulator, with Lood efeot?--Ilon, Alox.
.a Stephens.
S Goveraor efAl/auid:
"Your Regulatlour l le iu i l a I my
fhmily for some ttddm,. i'd im i' persinL
ded it is a valinule hddlition to the medi
cal seiee,."-Go.: J, . flI1 horter, Ala.
"1 have di? nt lieteIuator in may difN
fly for the lit't ieventeen years. I can
Sjwaely recttinenitft to~tlid *tile the
beat medicine , aveeer, d that
clams of 4i1eiasesi psho'r do cire."
H. F. 'Thigpcn;.
.. to" yie,( tn yiiui ' Luhivei " - I
Seru lfoots Iisi herbs whc~ko u
f 911 lYljpy e nee Iss jl~I.p"
[ In iconmifles where Li.Ver Dia
i 'Iuvile gvl yen'our medioeiune itor.!
o "
upl eleeil to p e-er itF.
r 55l tll; lV fl~ tt Ad.:,f . Ma
ai atrlsipf'~+llt- f lysppls inadn
Ii .b _ . &-iinot billqd-oqiv e
,.. ' :. &s- J '.4w . W ,:.
to taithiii b e ls~~ie .f iptiht
um, Ware"4*v 1Ml
Nl , H. CARVER.
FRONT STRIE1ET,
Natchitoc'n s, Ta.
For the FALL and WVlN-.
TE1R Trade.
NEW G-()0IS !
New Goods! !
' 'HIE entire atdek is..2j-ettler anti more
Sselect th:ht atnly eveaty introduced into .1
tlhis nuuark4t. and Lu lti bii t l.]c I .usl
with C('lt cinm be sold loeter than the a
lowest.
Thie Mo,tt,; of th.e Firm, is to sell
ClIEAPPER TIAN THE, CI!EAPEST.
Cg- (.:'iladn examine our, stock, whlicll
consists ill part ,of
CASSlMlI RES,
JEANS,
TII..DSS, ,
PRINT'S, I
BROW JN & liTl4ACII:D Cl ('rCY ONS,
0 9 WELLS
LADIES' I LESS GOODS,
TRIM.J1,NGS,
hLtANKETS,
Woolen Goods of all kinds.
BOOTS,
,llOES,'
LAD1.iS'' di GIl'INT's. II Trs.
Clothing, a fil and Complete Assort.
Croc kry, Hollow & iVi
low Ward .
A full liue of FANCY anlid FAMILY
GROCERIES, WINES, LIQUORS, &C.
Brs,ks, Stationary, &c., &c.
I> fact ..
A lkit 4It anald .clec; stock ofi goos always I
on hand, which hbaving beul ul'nrchased on I
a cash basise oables. us to oter cxtra indlue
Imellts to cash buyers.
Highest cash price paid for cotta n,atil other
produee, and liberal aihnani mlude lii cash
or merchatdins on sonslagnllntct
Marcih 5-lv. *
13Boirdin1 House
(Corner FRONT and TOWLINE Streets.)
NATCIIITOCIIES, LA.
TERNS a Only One Iollar iiid a half
S ' plite day.
ITAVING.ieased the NAIICISSE PlRU
1I DIIOMME buillitg, and fiuttllshed
it with lneq. alpd, cl.gant l'rnit.:rdi I
anl preil'rel to, acCtillmodate Idairders,
botht, titiddent atn permanent, attei sup
ply them a0itl a althet delicluies the Coini
try athbrds. L. ii. IURII)IlCK,
April y-ly, Proprietor.
-STEAM-
SAW MILL.
(Five.Miles from Natchitoches.)
50.000 Feet of Lumber for Sale.
TERMS:
Frtlti 5 to 10 Dollars, (acco:dlilg to
qunlity) iper M. at the Mill:
Delivered in Natchitodiictik; it $14
1er M.
Match 25.--ly.
HIGH SCHOOL
-00-o-
IHE T1l {iidtg i cospleted and will be
i opltied fir tli reception of puplils, on
MORiY), 3d day of APRL nest.
1st EleUadnti;r@ 8peing, ludflig,, Wri
tiung and first rdlgi lf Ari.awtic.
2nd Same contJniud 1Itb History, Ge
ography, Or;il Aritiitetilc, use of
Ulol., English Granmmar, Rhet riC,
ts6teies ini Eloeidtiol mid Composi
3ki HigIet' or Unilve~lity Aritlhlmetie,
iadvw&4,.d Mathematics, Natural and
3Moi"l I'lossolhy, and the Alcienlt
IJadgnages. (Latiti anld Greeli.)
TERMS:
Taiuie, for First Chilt ito'nl il 3.00
" " Second " : 4.00)
" " Thlirld ' I 5.00
(Payabc poti ly.)
Boarcd lie IsTd ihi the city with
private f tilki;,' fion $10 to S$1 per
WC c JACK,
Marelt il-t, f'Ptncilpl.
W. BA.KNMrlBW,
-DEtAIER fl-
DiiiY dociopd
OIOCERIES,
-iARDWARt,
and GENERAL MIIERCTA~)DISE.
I'-]&argaiu'a to sinM C'uto er. '
March 25-L .
PT-.
W. CSU)I) A ,.IIBAB f B R.s<
ior#ardins [edihiusi
, .A ND-
enimissioin Merchants,
OGaxD ECuilk ist.S.
viredo D8t t.. J, .. IA.RE.
C oee t eto and inernitidi.
(i11 0r inaninit solicited and pnoinjt
;OOFEMnto the Trade, at
e I iim.n -g
csinfpu fl p .d
'S4. lidiaci's Colvent,
FOt;NDi) ED IN 1825.
lnn(r.i, the iir:,ction of the Reliigious of
the Society of the Sacretd Heart.
ST. JAMES. PARlfSIS. LA.
"PTHIS Institution iL. p-satiantly stu:ate.d
I or: tihe, Misini,,ippi E:ver, aBout 6I0
mniles ilbove Netw .O)rltv ' The icuildings
aroe paciouus and will ..ventilated. T'rle
alil ofit' 41. ' l (ligJoUS ct1uctingl it, is to
(1r:l111 ,to their :pil1't thorouglj and a.c
S ,led elt t i':.atslou . Siula,'icCity of
tldres i ien alr ed, 4y. the rule +. Their
health, is the ojlictt,ot Intirinlg ilicitn de;
ad.! ickp.s,,l:;h ey :are afl:lctiotuatcl,
andl ;:ritantltttd i telld to.
Tllh. hol b:is:.tl: . .:lr, wlhii l\ s divided
ilnto iwo sessionis of ftive oe ths each,
iumlollnclleIS oil the tlirt t celh day of
Octolecr. alldt terlituate ila the last week
of the follwilng July.
Terns ,for the MeiColastl Year,
P;ayuable in cltrclit funds1 and always in
ElitIrai 'ele, (hiut once) Sc
liu;rd, ith tuition ill EI glis, tutt
S FJrelch 180
Blioks and Stationers 14
Dtitor's Fee, 6
Smniner btithl 2
Musie 80
Use, of I'iiaao or larii 15
D)rawing , 30
Vacaeti uto 'heate, (1cr ,Xi 't 3t
epteiellrr) 4"5
]4Pupili a dr al itiiliteties at ilt tittle, and
lcharged eIt; frtljll tine. clte of entrance.
o ilctlrilo is made tirl a pupil who
II.ayv be wtlithdri n bethire the exli.ration
of the $MieJ1on unalk's. it t ion aCcount
of sicknessl ,
No pleltici lt i i .' t ,l!1 ! ' ethc l,. ex
l,11e MeIiuo ii s ej ' ,ti hi tl"iltertl, ithd ini
slillntt ,t ilk aliactt tllluld l, ti hnally
while J',!; hilet or Iaiilnsoolk,
Each lliipil htttould hl lt i p1rotlhb! witlh a
blue, it :hte 11-ii1 a rik d lreis! "white
plaini lhohIillet, veil, two itindl it half or
Ihreerlr.yats lhiig; ite, t:oir(Ie nite the size oft'
the yoltn, ladyI t i tthl leiuth IHobbinhiet
:.il, twelve chaJesr o rf under !itrentllts,
twelve pauirs oif lhuiie,, t dozenliau n ibhalf
or two doyen I ;,cI kt.Is!' liiIl'.a .ti!et, eight
large lntllkisls, 6i4lt towel :t.twelve col
lars, slxihllrht-gowl:s t;e fliar t eufi oshes;
a tiotnt titl, toilet bolnt il ork Ihx; goblet,
table-litiift; fiirk adid .tlspoon two pliirs
of blaeiicliet thlie 11- csir I! heets, three
and a Illalt yards li. ni dn; wl uit! It halt
wide; a hluituitaiait, of whlii ietting.
two yardf long, ati top to li live feet
lug; tw andl a ball' wide. .11. to be
distilth litked willi tith tils iiiLber as
signed....11.
'arueptil i'IillhtII tlie ir children to le
flu'uishe . w'it1,elaht!iiugi , rtc.l are ex
pecte' ,to ileprit, with the Treltrerr
tdiids Jil tile pU!trpit'e.lo
Pupils of every tdledomldnt!itti itAre re
quired to asswit at the, lintul1e,. lei'.isels of
religit ,y-no trither,ienllhccCe Is 'er ex
ere sl, overi their Loajictitius oii this
grave point.
Visits. are etllillied, wheIn priicticable,
to Suiitl'ti aid Thuirsdays,. ltd are to
be mcade only by parents, gliartlianls and
near ielhitives, unless when .tuithorized
by slci as have power to tid so.
Epistolary correspondetlit le ssubject to
itnspection.
For circularl auil fstrtliei, ),articulars,
apply to, or addlreht the. M1iOTHER SU
I'EIlOItU, ,lt.Mijchi!cl'i Clenvent.
3MR. P. FOtl·SilNE, 140 i) rivier Street,
New Orleans, or
MR. 11.. It CAQVlAt, \tteeitiiches, La.,
Agents. MayL'tO-tt.
Conmer FRONT A, C(HIURIH atreet_,
MATOHITOCHE6. LA.
Sr.S i.iipbsed, a ew as sortmellt of
FRENCH, ENGLISH aud
AMERICAN, Spihig and
U8I1MMER GOODS. Ccisisting in part of
AMIERICAI AND ENGLISH
PRINT8,
COTTONADES,
LINEN DRILLINGS,
APHON CHECKS,
ILEAC~ED & BliOW COT'rONS,
MOURNING oodiS;
LN1R LAWNS, of all #idlu..
hiOSIERY and iLOVES,
ARrII'ICAL Fi4 )S ,
, I AgAnSL$pt dir kinds,
LAD ES' ECGRUi ,CAft
LA.IES' & GEN'rLE,1E'S HATS,
Ndiions of uii Dieeriptions,
Tol'fECI AND NAPKINS.
FnTl asisrnmeait of lStftI; HATS
and CLAtYI[!4d, .
In fiact all gillod tlit c'zii b called
for ill a ry docls tore: .
a'!lI Blf wi1cl1 tis offering at
very ' ' bt.ice.,
lardh 1lyVi6.-ty.- ,
GRANGE WAREfHOUOSE.,
A't G'RA1 I O FCOE, i.
J: ,I PonRtR, Grange i Agedi.iel
D ECEIPiNG, Frariyin Ai Pur
il chasling algeut tifor tlell lCatresae of luat
bandry; All lnmusiuecs tuetud to his
carete wilt receiae .priipt iteutioun and
the .o tra1 lea rest asuricl of being lib
ydel4 ~?f altges, &e.
A aiare of bIe~iare is releetfilly so
lieited:
Marchi ' *
* NOTICE.
SlIirilg bounght Mr. 8. Parson's entire
stock of Hores, Hacks, Buggies and
-Hearee, as well as a full asnnortllmet of
coffins, I now itlvite a coiltiaueihce of
the patronage oftbo pnblic,.
Chairges will be amoderat. . .
Hire of Hearme witlhin ,e.o $pitii 15.
SPrice for distances baeo.d j'rvie lim
its will. be govereItb ti es distac e
from as to$. . ,,.. , i,
CoMs-f hdtetles. 6n b d, priacl
,lienging frd t215'ro$100.', : ,
~JuLy at. P. VEULF'1AIN .
Z.M6opold. Can.ei,
[ ie,,.r rfil b i r.bri ior a t,r,..
IW A fall supply of Job matulat iste
-l"~ivYei, ad pnting of all deacriptiop
oIenL24d1eita l w e mt a 4 dtieatch at
IEAD Tr'fE AN OUNC:tE.I '
CF TUE.
Murray Hill Publishing Co;
John P. Jt-rett) ilatsger.
CHRO NIC E vw.stL C;reid
ýGyRO ý l'w p,.n uis. Jtrked out :,
,Healt! by that 1lailnet" ,:
il books-1LAa)Ls 0Io- TAL( aS N.) IEl:l.At.
COUltoi SNsE,tl :hi:I euntIbisI herIy 1ts)UI.ap .
of orighlal matter, ~s ttertaiahI as a laciLiorii:.
story. Health and !rlnf life Ili.de enay for 11_
leatled and i itealtrit.t. C'haumnrd l ull of lr,.I,:
V1ew Idea., t :lch are therrilsa to thm sick., nni!
intensely entert.,intigto thuee tiro ar llfrtll.ltl,
anoughts estcape uisieu.. I l;gunrds tl c :ýa-tin
Igainat th(: piithulus of lhaiant an ril,- a::d
bolntathe way of a.'liveranre to those w.I% t.as
ilready cnfuil'h d. By ail taw:;s, ft:d act i;!
about t. It is It.r yout. W' atuu r, )r. i:
II For, wf io1)0 1 .:AuwTo Avrse. IN.:
YORK6 is Coenst:lcd tVy igairlide at li.a;e Il0a
pbroad, In person and iy lhtttr; and has tad tei
pperience of nearly aquadfr erApra ceteatry
1athetreatnment 1, aldo; I i uIe t diie.alt du*
tases af ereirý araacteri cuce &is ,.blftav tc
write practical truths foo th.e Iaulid teadter. IlI1
otisultatioJ are rfat to the tick ever) tlti ,;
hence histintlens correspotndent.e ith the!iek
all over the glob, Yot,. ietADorn. , E.r AT .u
aTY ?TUcots, l the able auttior sf l'tan Hlse
Tlik le Aileal COQoUaltn It use. R rite to bld
iild ot w!l be rutk witli hli C',nmvl Sease
Whatever your u aluad, you illl rsceive light
.hicj will do you: gpad, by lisn.tiit only i
rostage stamlp, and critalg to Ilr. F. 'Welirl,
Io literest you in lotlt the i ctor and hlis it.
mortal book.., Th Bohik ste.lff, which gives
sfiaction to 1 who rean i,. can te had of
tbts, or of the ttaislarel dire ct. Plain anmu
hlnding,,,.23. in the t."ittdich or termanui
lnguaage. LIbrtary bindintg, tit F.ngllash only
5.75. Sent by atonil, loet e sreptnid, on receiia
pf the ice. A lad" Writes tie author: " I
lnave always t t tha you wesHi tl plahyrician of
the worlQ from thl fact tof olr wonderful suc
Cas and orsigtai ideas." Ifne reader ays
"1 hav' fulfht t to be ot e of the gnandest
rorks of tlhesAes.' Another lave-+-" I would not
be without it forltwice its cost Similar letters
tch the autho ivery day. Coutc±tt table
tree 3W seeIni:.ahso l
. FrTE. Clh-1. cd
. t.on. b vole. In. 1, neatly
so 1 :. t2: in 5 searate vols. at $5 anl $7.AI
pecording to bindging Sct by mail on receipt
of price. ,lua.te thiugforyoung people. Cuo
te table free.
I I PublleatilonIe We can for*
l11sh all  ,ftt,. |ooth's ,,pular
L)Iimoisalatlgtl11 onu health and
k re toice. "OLI E1I'S.MADE NEW.,
tells hOw to rottora t gigt an"Id ge upglaunscs
irlthon thie !id of,9r'1-ot r l cdice. ihallf
million have been lesued already I 'orooarsa
AwnD uri roas rils NtrtnE:n' is a aaluabu 4
litonograiph fo thise who are afflicted with Ilnp
tre ol..feriai. "PIIesOLiaeI'AL IIatruoIEaI
or IllumANITr," relates to the sutbject ol haLvin
people hIrn right. "PIm'i)oLOlsls: fal:Laaiaoa."
Igr thle latest researchem s n, grde g the laws
governi utpneirauenilt ctajltjiLt ., & e.
A rTEr P KWAcIaub, rettelI sicon lderatd
legislatlon comnerning (lthb. eteution of
COIn, pttiuar .-' SsdtL'ATaroipuna,"' or Se1iN
ahl ,brit rnrts lwith lidetce. of its curability.
Cadot,, Its catites, pre entiolland en," lncav
table tO evlrp mother bavting the cam of sman
children. '" 1'uoa.Fuc r" l raiuse, preventlo
antd cut"f Ah 'one f of.dlae frg.oilrag bDllu
Puldlalons will be sent by mail, postage prc'
paid, on receipt of ten cents.
abileateion 0We «"ll slp.
.... y U. . Fo-oitrs's. F. , hlct
L one. "G ratuito iAdrtef to Mlt
8ick, pbroad at rll at onse a circlar ofu
.value to the ielk... ", de V Dr. Fos's
Suea ;'": sC iy page pampyIlt, ru by maiml.
-end for tem.-
AGENTS " "r
foreegmg [mbul)tlons, ýtnd A4L:mvctsl. eelt
pnbnlhseb y tl. Rot. III of tie alw6e, and
send forparticulars,a 4ddress fur ter eallltai
&c., The Murray !lilt 'u~ilisltiar Compay, i19
L.'st ,8Qth '1 treet . erto Fork.
The fadld Itndc.ii.ook
of vaiu h1e litnormitio to every
womani OLD or t'Ot ,O -
Marriedl o Single. LADIES me
will thank .us for this q .
Ilaud-)o ok, and no ,. m
Motaher will object
to placiing it in the
ihandsof herdaiughi
tcrs. Thesel Iul4tli- B
Books are ti u DCREBtAN
private trcat- 1' obti
lees, but are e';s particularly
lntendedt and a ji ncr
for ge n- ous, denwgementua;
eral ir- Lheir Catuseai d ("'G4
cult.: iul Essay will be found
cula deebly nrstinr g to l1
tion. perrous sufflerers. BOId
of EITIER of the foregoiag
0 .HA N-100(KS sent rmtet
any. gddres. Addremar .wit
tamp,N. Y.P.Co.BcedfordMassu
L T. It IIUELhli,
Cujar am lk t iit'rer;
No. It! DEC.rtrU Street,
Opponste I'ot Ofc,, NEW ORL'.ANS Lt
(46ls Agent-J. 3. P'RCEIL.
J. J. McCOOK & BRO, on. w aslpin$
ton street, keep constantly on hand the i
Celebrated Cigiirs at holesale and reaif.
April 22-6nm.
A . n1 Le otmo
!O T N[ T1u(de "'" La .
(Oiie el fs.cifig .ridgE/ "id .
BEDIINE, aqd NUIJUER¥;..
OFFIcE on ST. DENIS sit~rEE
. NATC.HITOC~[le'.L
Calls to the Couliry~ timpI
tended to. .
otaM retri F.; Ii 1i.4. eptJntn .e, . ;.
Hsmlin.,asl C. E. Gillmpei.i M*ewre. hlolb
_ CatbeIl, larrer & T'aylr, Trkihl & Aires
and ,l... -. E. Burke.
Apri ..-1.v.
mai d WhtxAk tsubeat
Ol: O alrt iXOrE, )IONTGO3IttY,
al-x.-i,'m,, rLVZINEV.o No IIA.N's
B ARBI's, ORt.DERtI'8T,
All Way Lamliaps.
SThe A IJagal cent sad nat
runuiu pasmelger packet
BART AILE !
R. Saor, 34I .er, ",UWTT. Clcrk,
LEAV$ 7(al4M E ore etiwl eve,
J TucEsY at 4.-A .
For ni; ht & passag o boats edt!
* JUiLb- E. -ESI, A.Ac .
Corhu t Frekt dc& ergon Streets.
-DEALER IX
.OCEBIES,
IIAIGIWARE . ..
and G.cbeeral 3Merclmadise.
BargMis offered to Cash cuatonleh
sMarch 25-.y.
-DEALBRt.. ' ,
FAM!I{Y. IOCERIEs.
,8pecI iaiun cPmeats. tqCAEr Cad irer
EFCOND 8STREET,
Yatchitoc'as,
SMar& 25-ly. '