JAS. H. 0O0SGROVE, - - Editor.
NATCHITOCHES
SATURDAY - -- - Dec. 19, 1874.
Advertisiug Kates.
euptas, l a g g
.OUas. o •
opope
I ,are ... $ 4 10 $ 50110 $ 00 $15 00 $.K (0
2 equaray... 701 10 00 15 00 r) 00 25 Of
3 square;.,. ,I 000 13 00 18 (25 00 30 OJ
4 sglnares... . 14 0 18 0 IS 2 01 :3l 00 35 (10
5 -qnare?... "1700 o o 237 00 35 00 40 Co
q Hq,larJ.... 2300 4 00 :32 00 40 o00 45 O
7 srnalres... 23'00 97 00 1 00 .50 70 00
8 aq,,are... "5'0 30 00 40 00 65 00 s0 00
19 sqtalree... 3 00 35 00 59 00 57T 105 0
15 quares... 4.500 a)l 0 70 O 100 00 125 00
20 ,qu area... O 00 8(O 0O b90 00 195 51)(00
'-]'.ienut adhvertisementa $1.50 per aqtare of
o lione ilrerier, first inserton. Each subse
qnat insertien ?5 ce!ts per quare.
OFR J0 OPP'EVCR is enlpplied wits a
great variety ef tone, and work In thti dspart.
ment perf ,rmed with seminess and at mtoder.
ate price ..
Terms, CAAI on delivery of workt.
Rate/ of Sberlpt!a .
OaCCops one year ...................... .$.04
Ooe Copy sic meaeth......................1 5n
(Payable is adveace.)
* Notice to Contributors.
No 'ommunieutinns will be pwhlish.d
n leus acconmpaniid by the anIthbor'i real
name. Buit ,one~a ie of the sheet to be
written upon when sent to aN for tnser
til'n.
Artidces to be short and to the point,
Po have attention.
TheRe are our rules and they msnt be
strictly adhered to.
We again, and for the last time,
call upon those who owe si to come
forward and pay up. All know the
conditions upon which the Vindicator
was sent them without prepayment;
otur part of the contract hsa been ful
filled and we insist that parties must
make theirs good. Parties who do
not pay before the slt January, 1875,
will find their paper stopped, and
find their bills in the hands of a col
lector.
We had tlhepleasure of visiting the
camp of Company C, 3d Infantry,
stationed in this city, and found the
quarters"and encampment models of
neatness and comfort. The officers
in command, as well as the men, have
made lasting friends ofour people by
their gentlemanly deportment.
Gen. Morrow, arrived in our city
on Tuesday eveniug'last, on his tour
of inspection. We know our citizens
will extend t, him that hospitality
for which they are noted; and we
trust the General will see, from per
sonal observation, that we Ihave been
badly abused, agd ,have patiently
borne outrages no other, people would
have enbmitted to.
We have had, for several days of
the past week, rain and cold. The
river is still slowly rising; and the
latqst from the upper river, reports a
rise with heavy. rains. Grand fcore,
our shipping: port, is fall of cotton.
Some 700 bales-with receipts in this
city alone of440 to 500 bales per week;
and it is f nnd difficult to ship. We
lhaveevery reason to look for a per.
inanent ':rise and continued boating
water. '(otton still held at $2.50 per
bale freight., Up freight It card rates.
Cannot the Contractor of' the mail
route frenom this place to Shreveport
arrange his connection at Mansfield so
that we can get the latest papers as
usual by that mail t The latest Times
on our table is' five days old; when
before the late 'change we had the
Shreveport Timae 48 hours after pub
lication.
We learn that U. 8. Commissioner,
MORSE, of this city, is instructed to
take testimony in the ease of the
Grant Parish prisoners .with a view
of trmnsmitting the evidence to the
"Department of Justlie at Washing
ton. This is done to release those
who were indicted by the U. S. Grand
Jury in error. Gen. MQrse will go
over in a few days, and we trust that
those gentlemen whohave been charg.,
ed with complicity ina the Colfax af
fair, will be 'speedily released.
Cannot' some one muzzle the Jack
ass of the New Orleans Republican ?
His braying inght slarm some of the
children in the city, or throw them
into conulsleu. What a brave lit
tle bchap he is to be are--"when no
enemy 1is a sight"-Vide 14th Sep
tember, 1874.
Coxxirmag"O v SavxxTr. - Their
will be a meetlng of this Committee
on Wednerasls net,. 23d lst., mem
hers should ber : the time in mind1
and let thie be  full attendance.
The steander Ple witl he in port
to-day, and. w beg to call the' atten
tion of oar sbipperip to the Tact that'
Capt. Mitchqal Ia been preserving in
his endeavors to supply the wants of
oar trade,; and-has alwajs extended
his trips to Grand Eore, even 'at
considerable 6las. We treust.this will
not be overlooked 'otoltg6tten. That
geniala'qentleman J.' Robbina is in
charge of the offe with Rowland' as
Second Cie.' Padsedanger accommo
dation unsurpased.
The Policy and Principles of
Democracy.
The Chicago Tribune, since donning
the armor of the ldministration, has
assumed an attitude in its logic, at
once serious and ridiculous; with its
trenchant lance poised at the grave
subjects and" divided opinions of our
conduct of government, it pierces in
its tilt but thin air.
In the scheme for checking the
Democratic reaction as laid down by
that journal, its points of attack and
defende are so vulnerable as to leave
the "doughty knight" at the mercy
of its adversaries. Its argument are
all assmplntive, and the hope of suc
cuss. to the Adnministration party,
as it deduces, lies in the precarious
splmosition to:yl the Democratic par
ty, by reason of its formler position
upon certain points in the cornduct
of government, are bound to commit
certain acts which will destroy its
prestige.
For instance, it says in substance;
that the great and fundanmental prin
ciple of thie DemLcracy is that this
is a "community of Htates," a "con
federacy of sovereigns;" which we
admit to he no true as to designate
that, as the CodfKN STOY. of the
Democratic structure, and we agree
fully with that jonuraal in the belief
that with the alhaudonment of that
doctrine, the party itself would be
disbanded; just as we know that the
attempt to reform the Republican
party within itself, to purge it of its
Butler's, Grant's and Williams', its
Blain's and Mortons, would be the
distructiou of that organization. But
ithe error lies in the Tribune supposing
that when we return to the order of
this government, to "States Rights,"
its fundamental principle also; it
necessarily involves the "pecuniary
recognition of the rebellion." Here,
is where the greatest of its assump
tive logic comes in, and we conceive
the argument to weak for comment,
almost.
Great stress, however, seems laid
upon the "pecuniary outlay" tile peo
ple will be involved in, in the event
of the non-centralization party's as
suming control of the Government,
and we discern in the gist of the pr
tide before us, the sum and substance
of the idea of political government
held as orthodox by the Radical Re
publican party, it is not a party that
would intend, or even intended to
justly benefit in the line of Govern
meat the people governed, beyond
the simple belief that all'patriotism-
power and principles were gauged by
the satm of dollars and cents; the
opened-mouthed and never to be sat
iated coffers of its party favorites,
are to be the recipents of these ac
crued benefits, without regard to pub~.
lie good.
The studied effort in its argument
to prove that the Democracy, in its
mission of reinstating the doetrine of
State sovereignty, must reimburse
the States and individuals of th'e
Soutt for losses sustained during the
late war, is conclusive evidence of
one of two things, that thie Republi
can leaders are attempting to drag as
back to the political battle fields of
1868 and '72, or that to them all mat.
ters of principle in government is
sank to the miserable and grovelling
quagmire of mammop. No Southern
man, or statesman has in his wildest
moments ever dreamed of such a
thing, and the entire Southern people
are a unit upon thle subject of indem
nity. The idea of revenge against
a seetion of thie union, as practiced
by our Northern brethren upon us,
to our and their ruii, will not be in
dulged in to such an extent as to bite
off our noses to spite thie remainder
of our visage. We are at lose to ac
count for the authority time Tribunae
would use to sustain its hypothesis,
for we have yet to see a Demoeratic
paper in the Union that is not direct
Iy opposed to ireactionary legislation
or even discussion. The wdr sad its
claims bave long been settled by ast
and thIe feelings engendered by that
strife have not been kept alive, we
are preoud to say, by Demotats, but
by'the compainfoas and aeoiates of
the |Ilbnme; knowing, as they did,
that the glitter.of the '
"Proud elrouomstance of glorioaus ( war,"
was required to blind the people to
the radilal defect in the Republican
party, and that defect amounted to a
total want of principle in its entir
organization.
It would be well to call the atten
tion of the statesmen (?) of the Tnb.
ien to the fact, that the beneit .of
Southern indemafll would be:iejoyed
by a very small portion of the ouatlh
ern people, and common seantr would
at on.ce give'the lie to the belief thliat
the great majority of .a people would
willingly assme an unbeaialple bur
den of debt to benefit a few lIndivid
nals-not mlore than 100,000 in our
,popjlatiaonof 8,910,000. :
Thie St. Louis Rtnepblcan i,, wise.
ly said, that the army that depends for
success upon the blunders its op
ponent may commnit,is reduced to dire
extremity; indeed, the chances are a
hundred to one, that the opponent
does not bluhder--how much are these
chances increased, when the Republi
can leaders so wisely (f) assume a
plan, we must necessarily follow, that
the apple of success may drop in
their outstretched and eager hands.
We are constrained to believe that
this labored effort on the part of the
Tribune, to show that. the Democrats
intend to push the State lights doc
trine to radical extremes, is not so
real as it seems. The question of the
"pecuniary recognition" of tlhe re
bellion is not the arrow the liepubli
can partisan fear, but that which re
mains in the quiver; the recognition
of the PRIINCIPLES OF GOVERNMENT
for which the South contended ; strip
ped of the thin gauze of "freedout to
the slave," with which the Radical
leaders have so far endeavored to
cover the naked deformity of their
uunjust war upon us, is what the
'Tribuneflars will reacr the vitals of
its party through the broken nteshes
of its sanctimonious covering.
The Southern people yield to none
in their adherauce to the PRINCIPLES
of the Union. We were not Seces
sionists for the purpose of bringg dis
organizers, but because the dominant
and sectional party were opposed to
that construction of the constitution
that its verbage demanded and its let
ter and spirit required ; and we are
well content that even at this late
day, the Northern people should ad
mit that we were "right, but they
stronger," and that they should verify
the expression of our great leader,
"that the principles for which we
contended were eternal and were
bound to reassert themselves at no
distant day." Our ideas of policy in
the conduct of government are at op
posite extremes to that of the Tiibune
people; we consider that protection
to the life, liberty and property of a
citizen, are questions of paramount
consideration to that of high Tariff,
protected and fostered monopolies
shinplaster money, pnd the cringing
demands of lucre for a lashed-back, a
murdered subject, or an insulted flag;
dignity measured by dimes, is a hide
ous deformity ia respectability we
cannot lend ourselves to.
Parties that control governments to
the end that benefits accrtae to the
greatest number governed, will al
ways retain the confldence of the
masses; that the Radical party has
failed, and that most signally, to meet
this requirement, the judgment pass
ed upon it on the 3d November last,
amply demonstrates. Speaking from
a Southera staud-poitit, we are as
willing to allow the acts and sins of
the Republican party agais't free
government and civilization, to be
buried in as deep oblivion as the war
of the rebellion. They were twin sis
ters of iniquity upo j·rintiples, and
the future greatness of outr common
country, tihe wellfare of our posterity,
imperatively demand that they should
be eradicated from the American
heart, erased from the tablet of our
memory. Looking only to the future,
each citizen should strive to make
both his plirivate and puiblic acts re
dound to, the glory and advancement'
of his State and the Union. This is
what policy demands-what civilisa
tion demands, and what christian ea
lightenment requires-what the Tib
Use and its followers thidli of, or how
they intend to act in the matter,
amounts to but-little. The stater of
this Union are the CREATORBS, the a
tional government but the Creature;
what legislation iq f'r'the good and
benefit of one must redound to the
greatneds of thle other. Centraliza
tioi is incompatible with iberty, and
tme "Corner Stone" of Demiocracy the
"Sovereignty of States" underlies the
whole atrltctre'of iar Goverament.,
Destroy that, aimd '$a bit rear in its
stead .a despotiprm that would involve
us in ruin andwar, .
Speaking of a Telepaph line from
Shreveport to Alezandria, the 85bev-'
porte Tm. says:
We earnestly trtulit that th enter
prise ,in questiqa will sp~hi becme
fil oe il, adwe stieas advi
sedlywhen we ea that Niatchi t~oie
and ManAsfield -will 'give:ubtkntiahl
aid in tihe nmatter. Of course the
smaller towns along the line of route
will be bound to' "tlt to a certain
extint. Self-interest ' will cos mlel
tdise to'fddctlfy themdlvres with sactih
an ituportant scheme. '
Out p pl r willing to sbseribe
to the estent ,f their ability to this
eaterprise; for a Telegraph is a want
sorely felt by . emut people; .1000 or
$!.500.cold no a'dbiubt be raised here
in a moment fori g tpt purpose. Lot
the agent of seme responsible Com
pany come lhtihough' a ow, while we
are fluilh and in l~i'' mind, and we
ate sure the Telegrah will be a Snc
,cess.
The Enemy Unmasks.
DESOTO PAIISII TIIIIOWN OUT.
NO ROPE OF A FAIR RETURN.
TWENTY SIX PARISIIES UNDERt
CONTEST.
Great excitement prevails in New
Orleans over the action of the Re
turning Board, with regard to their
decision in the count of DeSoto par
ish.
Bean, the Radical Sutpervisor, re
fused to turn over the returns to the
board, but endeavored to sell them to
different parties, and leaving them
in the hands of a lewd woman in the
city, one Lou Dudley ; has fled to
Washington. Reynolds, Dis't. Clerk
of DeSoto went down with the re
turns which were on file in his office
with the ballot boxes, and upon
these ieing tendered the Board, they
refused to entertain them.
The feeling against this move is
intense, but not noisy ; the Return
ing Board met on Saturday last, but
the pressure was so great they were
forced to adjourn until Mobday.
No hope is entertained bI) the most
sanguine, for a fair count. ' Twenty
six parishes have been con ested.
We must now take our s and firm
ly.iu this matter, no looki g back or
lagging; we have stern w lrk before
us, and those who have ut stomach
for time fray, had beat hie themselves
from our ranks. We want no dissen
aions, no compromisors, our only hope
is in solid phalanx, and we but speak
the universal sentiment of our peo
pie, when we say, that ire hare won
this victorg, and we pledge our lires andi
fortunes to maintain it.
It is useless to suppose we meap
less; we have borne this outrageous
government as long as human nature
can endure-death is far preferable
to this continued slavery for 'thieves
and villains. We have no war for
negroes, but eternal and everlasting
hatred and hostility to the vile car
pet-bagger and his companion in
crime, the scalawag.
Our (?) Law Makers.
"Eddy" Pierson and Henry Raby,
two worthy confreres, the one steeped
in vice and the other running over
with ignorance; have assumed by
virtue of U. S. troops, Deputy Mar
shals and the Returifing Board, to
play 'the parts of Solon and Lycur
gus, for the parish of Natchitoches;
a poor parish whose people have been
sorely afflicted for the past six years
with all ranks and sihades of official
thieves, fiom' pauper warrent pilfer
era to the heavy beetle-browed vil
lain Who runs Coum ts, Police Juries,
And manipulates judgments; and now
Providence has again given us a twin
affliction in the persons of a light
tingered Jack and an ignorant Ass.
Pierson has it, that he goes into the
"Radieal party for Reform," to re
form, we think, its style of stealing,
and to put up instead, a scientific
manner of plunder. Our people
would as lief have Captain Kidd to
represent thenm' as "Coley" Pierson,
and he knows it. Rab&i has had the
honor of being a Itw maker for our
parish for the past four years, and al
though an ignorant fool, you will find
his vote recorded with the aye's upon
all plundering bills. Tihe people of
Natchiteches have come at last to the
wise conclusion to puit a stop to being
represented by these inter-lopers, and
we will be in 'New Orleans in aufbl
cient numblers' to see if our will is
not tespected.
Pierson has rendered himself more
than odious to the white people of
Natchitoches parish; his character
was nothing before this campaign,
for his record from early youth was
anything but good; a deserter of his
country during the trying lihoars' of
the war; he deserted' his home-peo
pie, his race and family during the
last campaign, and gave with his bra
zen heek and bluniag asrontry, all the
back-bone the gang of tillains had,
since' June last. It is therefore but
to be expected that we hold him more
grity than ieven Boullt,' and when the
hour icomes he wili learn how we is.
wad'thos wheo betrqy ns. '
Raby is a t associate of this fel
16;, and as far as hi Is" aoncBrued,
he had better 'return :heme and re
same his trade, whieh he wil find
more honest and'a deal more profita.
ble in the end.
Our latest by. private advice from
New Orleans is not encouraging. The
same game as played in 1872, isnbeing
re-enacted, and it remains to be seen
what the result will be. Smith, of
Sabine, was counted in, instead of
Self. Kellogg wants to cempromise
and is willing to give up thbe State it
he is ,seat to the U,. S. Senate, but
this is indignantly refused by our
people. We are determined . to.enijoy
the fruits of thi vi etory, or none others
shall.
Shall wa, Or Shall w3 Not ?
Remember, virtuous citizens of
Natchitoches, that your liberty in fu
ture depends upon your action in the
faice of the events of the next six
weeks. You have to congratulate
yourselves that in the war you have
made against the thugs and thieves
who had well nigh ruined you, no1
violence was used, on the contrary,
the aid of the strong arm of the Gov
erniment of the United States has
been invoked, and your citizens ar
rested without warrant of law, and
for no cause whatever. Midnight
raids of Cavahly with Deputy U. S.
Marshals have been used to intimi
date and drive you from the polls,
and still you were successful. But
the Returning Board maniplulators,
have olllluted you out ill c.omnmon with
a majority of the Conservative par
ishes, and you now tind yourself in
the condition you were in, in 1872.
It is useless to have any more elec
tions, for we have carried two, and if
it were a thousand it would amount
to the same thing, for the Radical
canvassers would return themsellves
elected at all hazards, relying as they
do upon a partisan President to sup
port them in their villainy, as he hlus
previously done.
The question now presents itself,
and you are required to answer it.
Do you intend to submit ?
Look at the political history of this
State for the past six years ; look at
your abandoned, tax-ridden and des
olate homes; then upon the individ
uals in the capacity of rulers, who
have caused all this ruin and degre
dation, and answer us-would you be
true to yourselves; to your posterity,
by submitting now, as you did in
1872 ?
You can hope for nothing; no ray
of light beams for us in the future,
and submitting to the rule of Kellogg
and his minions, means the everlasting
orcrthrow of our social as well as po
litcal structure. Sons of Louisiana,
are you prepared to submit ! Is your
liberty to be purchased at such a
price, or are you still the worthy sons
of the proud heroes of a glorious anu
cestry. Natchitoches, the first in
this fight in 1874, will be with her
sister parishes of North Louisiana.
We amust be free or perishi in the at
tfempt.
President's Massage.
This document is before us, and
that part relating to, the Louisiana
case is remarkable, and well worthy
the brain and pen of the man who
wrote it-Williams, the Attorney
General, for if we mistake not, it bears
his ear marks.
What a mean despicable position
must a person place himself in before
the American public, when he flaunts
in thleir rebuking faces the old and
worn out lie of thie "bloody shirt"
business. In oar chiidihood, we be
lieved that Presidents had something
like respect for public. opinion, anud
governed to the will of thee' mjority;
but this is not the case with O'rant,
for he ass:imes the redieulous and
shameful position of a defender of
carpet-bAggers and sealawage; the
Messiahll of Southern thieves, and to
play the role to life, he assumes all
the qualitidts, language and bearing
of a first Clat liar. Our able cotem-u
perary, the Shreveport Timtes, desires
to enter ithe editor of the N. O. Rupsl
liens as tihe champion liar; we beg to
call its attention to our worthy (I)
President, and are constrained to ask,
"how is hle for high I" Ananias No.
2 Eh !.
PICKLBD NGonoss.-The New York
Herald says:
"Twenty barrels eitered as "salt
meat" and t'Anstralian beef' were
seized at Portsmnouth England,,Octo
ber 22d, ahdin each barrel iw~s found
the corpse of a full grown: negro.
They reached England from the
United States, and were intended for
disseetion! d In London; but who sent
themn and where did the sender get
them i"
Ask thewhiutejeaguers of the South.
-[Wsshingtuir Chruoniele.
For ouarselves we have.to say the
Chronicle is mistaken. The qbestion
was ouder discusion In the league,
asito what should be done with the
dead niggers; but the proposition to
pickle and export was voted down by
S large ajority, as too expensive.
Perhaps this was a 'private, lot ex
ported by the editor of thie Shreve
port Times.-[Vickasburger.
No, we ,have made arrangements
with the editor of the Memphis Ap
peal to eat all we kill.-(-[shreveport
Times.
We were under tie impression, from
the- tone of the Memphii Appea!, that
its editor preferred to eat dirt.
We would be pleased to have the
Presidents of the two Base Ball clubs,
fornish'i's with a list of their mem
bers for publication, also,.with the
score of runs of each game.,
Thanks are extended to the polite
and attentive agent of the Garry
Owen, Mr. A. J. Albert, for files of
city papers.
The Next Legislature.
On Monday, the 4th of .Januar
next, the Legislatu ,r of the State wil
assemble in this city. la the l,,'Wer
House the Dolnocrat will hIlav s
mnajority of front twenty to thitj
memubers, whilst the Senate will st;,ii;l
twenty-one 1)esoersts to Iittteen .e. k
publicans. This will give uisa trmng
working majority, and will piLn'e the 
State Government entirely in the I
hands of the Democratic party.
Of course there will le. a r' ,
amolllint of work to be donie is soor 1
thl Legislature is called ti,getlher.
in tirdel to aive Iucih villml
time it would be well fAor every 1 ."n
cratic Iriti'der elected auud e'vesy r:
testaint, to be pIresent iln t,.* eit. at
least oer week priort to the irst MIo.
day in January. In this way a great
deal of work can be planned asnlo
thorough interchange of views can le
had aulong the ,members, s, that
when they meet in legislative council,
there will be a Iperlect uuderstanaiung
asul harnouinous action.
Upimin the organization of the Lee.
ilatutre will dlelpeusl, il, a gt.eat Wlea.
sure, the solution of the Poilitical
proble t that will be preseutld, and
it is of the last impuortances that lthere
sholdl be no blunders cosmnitted il
the outset of our ad(nlinistation. To
iavoil :istai:kes it will be necessary t)o
discuss the whole qaestion in all its
bearings, abtain tie best :ulvice and
agree to act with unantnity. Tii:i
eati lonly be tlolle by freqi'uelllt consul.
tations among the leusenbeis, said
hence the importauee of their pred.
tne in the city some days previons
to the meeting of th.e Legislature.-.
.U0. .iulletiu.
A CARD.
Editor Vindiealer :
Sia-As much has been said detri.
mental to me, in regard to my poli
tical aotion during the last campaign.
I desire through the columns of year
paper, in vindication of myself, to
say to the public, that I took no part
whatever in any manner, in the late
political affairt.
in May, mouths before the ilectioa
and before any "People's orgauiza.
tion" in this parish, upon represeuts.
tioas of parties whoh I consisdellh
friends, I hee:ue a member of the
Republican Alliance"; finding that
organization not such as was repre
sentated to me, I tendered my resig.
nation to the "Grand Master," which
was accepted. I was never at any time
prior, or subsequent to such action, a
member of any Republican club or
orgasnization.
Upon my appointment as Clerk,
after the resignation of Mr. Msziere,
I called upon leading and influential
mewmbera of the *'Peolie's party,"
stated to them thie position 1I oesq
pied, and assured them that .I would
anot accept such appointnaent-r ules
it was agreeable to my people, "the
white people of the parish." I at.
temptedt an amisble adjustmet at
the afttirs of such office between 3ri.
Mlesiere and his chief deluty, witi
out avail, as those gentlemen will
testify.
At last election I did not vote. ow
ing to to the fact, that I forgot my
certificate of registratio ulpon leaving
for Ciouatierville, I being onte of- the
coumissioaners of election. at that poll
So far as tihe forced resignatiorn of
eorrupt .ad incompetent otliheald: is
concerned, I cocur with the people
and indorse their action, I.desirn.t,
see a faithful and economirala aslniu
istration, in boltl, State and starwihl
atftairs, and to that end will lesa, ray
anl all as;sistance in my pswe'r.
I have always beell and shMll alwya.s
be in full accord with the white pea
pie of any parish.
I am 8ir, respectfully, &e.,
JOHN A. BARILOW.
ATTRaTiOs.-We desire tihat .te
citizen, of'sach ward, or the Pasi.
dents of each ward club, would spl
ply us with a list of the names of all.
the eolored men who voted the P.o
pile's ticket, and also ofr those who
did not vote at all.. We will pab.
lish the list 'in aljiiabetil ordler,
which will be on'nali ; with a view to
let our people know'who of the col
ored men are our true friends, that
in making contracti the preference
may be given to those who voted for
us, and the 'next, to those who dial
not' ote at all.
We trust that tim good policy ef
these suggesti. willj be at once
seen by. ear people, and that they will
not loose sight of the fact that the~t
colored men are more than friends to
us. By 1870i we feel assured thatt bes
great massIof colored men inl Natel*
itoches parish, will be good and sound
Democratic voters. Send in the list
at as early day as possible.
BAss BALL.--ThI secon4 game be
tween the eitizen's nine and the mill
tary nine, took place on the growuds
of the latter, last Sunday evenig"
We are pteased.to note a masked ia
provemnpnt in the t play of both elubs.
The military tlne were again victori
ons. A numbeir of our Ladies and
Gentlemen graeed the eccasion. wit~li
their pmresenee.- To-morrow, Sundayo;
at 2 o'clock,the gam e will be rebnewed.
A cordial invitation is extended to
iall who desire to witness the play..
The attention of our readers is call
ed to the communication on the out
side of to-day's iesue, signed P. The
views expressed therein are concise,
and will no doubt meet with approval
by a naijority of our citizens. A
Railroad through the valley is requir
ed, and we must stir ourselves in the
matter.