In te landl of Science all ftlinlgs
bec'nle vlnalble bLy. aildlaimeit; and
salutary by their opplicatioa. Thlus,
D,. J,.WIALKER has obtained from
certain vegetable products of Califor
via, that have been trampled upon
for centulie, by tile ignlorant, the in
Valuaable cnraLtie Iknown as tihe Cal
i forait Vhi eg'r FBitters, a mredicine
i·fi.is( ecitiug the wonder of the
jIowunlity by its beneficial opera
tion in the worst case4 of Rliheumuatism
puolaIotrY Disease, Generail Debility,
Coagevtion of the Liver, Co:nstipatiou,
tofOla, and Malarious Fevors.
,%NIe of tile most fervent of the
.rYing tenmperence women in Diu
e, lown, has a drunken husband.
St.related that she found him a
-,i ghts ago intoxicated in a saloon
ieacuftl'ed him soundly and then said
o, the proprietor, "See here, sir,
,dl.arned miserable skunk, this has
(fr enough. During the crusade
blayed for you , and since then have
o to you with tears in my eyes,
lat it seems to have done no good,
.ad sow, if you ever sell him another
doof wbisky 'I'll come down here
Widsoatch you ball-headed quicker
ao lhell can singe a cat. You hear
my gentle voice 1" Then she took the
ld mano.--[New York Sun.
'It Is asserted as a fact that every
ailser who has turned his atten- 1
ion toethe introduction of the New
Family Sewing Machine in Iis local
1, of who has been fortunate enough 1
tmecure an agency, has outstripped
the best efforts in making money of
tIWold and tried Agents of the high
priced machines, which latter they
pow replace. The demand is enor
mioop, and sales so rapid aind oney '
glade so readily with so little effortl
that Farmers, Ta;ulesmen, Speeula
Nts, &c., are flocking into the busi
a~es as fast as they can secure terri
tory and get their goods on the
po-nd to supply anxious. customers.
t is marvelous how these machines
all when exhibited, it being a recog- i
sa f iCt, tbat the poople- will.: by i
tdlkatt at the' lwest price. - It. cer
taloly is the Machine of the. times
Isa does the same work, as other
Machines at $80.00 or $90.00, and we
reallbelieve it would sell just as read
ilyatdozuble and then not cost half the
a dg prfee of so good an article, for
It is astonishing to see the vast
agoqant of labor it performs at so low
a~st .''The inventors are d(illy in
alated 'with testimonials of the
rili of their new Mlachines which
s sou4denly and successfully bounded
i ,pawppilar favor. It proves to be
jat'what is wanted every day, by
evri'J one, everywhere, who have a
fsadly, It has attained an enviable
reputation in many: thousands of
hbes and factories, for its solid
4euigth, powpr, rapidity, simplicity,
tyT, and ease of operation, with
1 e beauity, tineness and reliabil
iyd isi sewihg; while the wonder
fhiw price (Twenty Dcllars forja
Lp and complete Sewing Machi(e
1t1h' a strong table and treadle),
piaces all ideau of competition eqtire
fl oat of the question. It stzuds 0i6i6tie
ed its merits and price. We advise
you t iavest in one at once for youir
Wife.: Daughter, Mother, Sister or
LAdy Priend and make a home hap
py, or put them in .your factory, or
what i' better if you are lacky enough,
dure n agency i there i none in
r tw and wake money your
"s The manvy New Attachments
doinug extra fine skilful and dif'
wiork, are a surprise in their
ItIit'y of consetintioh anld far ¶i
Yeken, "'grange prices," and will
deiivered. .afe at your doore no
 how reate you nayv reside,
Swr'it Tor. bthem. Aldehmess, J.
xJhma & o, 907 Jlyoad
iuNMIo - iaaineia ansd liver 'News.
4I r orror WhixWtFY. X t
aste roport.4....4385 lates
, daron week.......:... 4; "
* otal receipt...... 4409 "
b. remib Q'!. '' .q t
rluni , t rhtail$hr.
,* 1 .- ..
a he limited supply
at18d; qhtilders at 13;
XXEatP 50t ohlice
rNoIndia naga
ý.- ý, ' goo ,d -y.
at e0 and the battesa a Iuo.
c.hoIa.et iiaar i 1 be
, -4,p" r gal.. n... , y- the
obod"p I. held at
* t rt mediwfiw is
ih dlzeat9o. t1 %5 per
t aot & uail
-4
Uapply f fair demand and
Ssadlootd shat at hel
limted ' tis held
&legsa BM gg
Ibooity.ofltchit chbc
in mi ling the
r take
ing
2o~tdo d S
: r at
shn.
gal-.
lo theiF
-r -y r ··i ' ý4Rir~aapi i
teu
1 $V 'on-a
/-·r
-NEW ADVERTIS1nMfiNTS.
* $50 REWARDi
WTAS STOLEN from the hiclersigned
V on the night of the 26ti nlt., a Bay
Mare Mule, five years old, no branuds re
collected, hast the marks of an old fistula
on the s oulder. I will give fifty dol
lars for the mule and thief, or twenty-five
dollars for the recovery of the nullle alone.
W31. M. LEVY.
April 10--tf.
LAND! LAND LAND !
A Rare OpportunitYr Offered to
Farmers of Limited Means.
SAM OFFERING to sell the following
Sdescribed lparcel sof land op the liberal
terms set forth below:
One tract of 378 acres, situated twelve
umiles south. east of the city of Natehito
ches, and about one mile west of Old
River. Two hunldred acres tinder feuce,
one hundred and' fifty acres openl Id
aboiut ,one hundred ill cultivation this
year. Thi. other inllprovelmeuts consist
of four or five bg cabius, gin and pros ;
smal,;l orchlard, with a spring of tine
water. Gfood steam saw mill wltlhin four
mile of tl' Ilac,. I will sell this place
at ten dollars per acre, one sixth citsh,
thie hinlanue, in 1, '2 3, 4, and five years,
without interest. Four-fifths of this
plre is lin, Ifresh alluvial rive'r soil, anlld
will yield 40 to 50 hushels of corn or a
bale of cotton to the a:re
Adjoining the above, I have 583 acres
of the salne clhract:'r of muniwprovx'd
land, which I will sell at 55 per acre, in
equal annual installienuts, without in
terest.
I also have 320 acres sitnuatel bletween
Red River and ;Bayon Pierrel, about six
miles from the city of :atchitoches, all
line river bottom lind, what is termed
"Buckshot" land, two hIundred'acres open,
gin, cabins and fotlees al:most elltirely'
destroyed.. I will sell this place for $5
per acre, C:hh, or 8 per acre, one-filth
cash, the balance in five equal annual in
stallhnents, without interest. -
I have still another tract of 132 acres
of good level hill land:, Aituatedl One uile
from the aslove described place, and im
uetlbhthly o)1 thie Grand Eccoreaml P s
road, five miles fmm the city of Nahi-ht
toches, land well timbered with pine,
oaik and hickory. ITmptoutvcent consist
of douhle log itwelling holet, log kitchen,
lanak"-house, ranaltorchard of figs, Iplnums
and peaches, 12 to 15 acres of open land,
all the buildings a little out of repair,
though ecculpied this year. On this place
is an inexhaustihle well of the fitnest
waterin the parish. I will sell this place
'for $600.00, one third cash,' the balance
in one and two years, without iuterest.
To purchasers wishing to snake larger
cash payments, 1 will make liberal de
duetion from the above prices.
There is no excnse for any nlan being
i without a home of his own; my ternms
are' so liberal that the annual payments
i only amount to a smlall rental.
M. II. CARVER,
f April 10-1y. Natchitoches, La.
TRAMMELL'S
SAW 'MILL.
(Five Miles f 'om Natchitoches.).
50.000 Feet of Lumber for Sale.
TERMS :
From 5 to 10 Dollars, (according to
quality) per M. at the Mill.
Delivered in Natchitoches, at $1.
per M.
Match 27.--y.
NO COMPROMISEII
X. Xai. c, Co.,
FRONT SRREET,
A RE OFFERING( THEIR LARGE AIND
Select stock of
DRY GOODS,
GROC1RIES,
HARDWARE,
BOOTS,
SHOES,.
HATS,
CAPS,
-  &ec.& A.
At New York Cash Prices
Come early and asecure bargains
SP.ememberihe ti i e,, XIRATN &CO.,
and that'all (~OD S'are 'at COST Pibb.
irch 13-6inm.
il
o al ie o th iI
;ai inte Bk ideoJne ion
wi7o dh L. uf
Skebewing a EyR a*fjun
unial to itie i 'sie i 4efsur few;the
ay.i inent ci ha 'It''ei the
.: 7 , sN : - . . -., . .
'ýrE WIOT.UAýL BP.SCWI(
For all diseases of the Liver Stomach
ý2s r o a 68i1r tcti  ot' iic;
Pain in the Baok, 8ides or Joints, olten
tl en! fr gonmauR*o toni
Biloat he in.t ; Headache, Loe if
aorpo p h 8au br #.enea ýoginha,
iug faili.f'fdo eomethin Wh*h- ..upnght
Skin and Eyes, a i ami
kq Mfor Coanmp tion.
attend tP l Miie~ju i. :4othees·.ery tew ;
-+;r 1 sZ; i'· ··, + tlon;,'aindice,
) Bilion attlces, Sick Headache, Colk,
A. tirt 'fi ,; 'S'pur ZStcianch,
The tand ,Best Faupn
Ma~on,- i! ..;*rlId!
Prip$;,( r0a0. uggie s
,FMarch1tP Irw
+ Cno.tl':r .. - - "
04
FITS CURHI-i ] EiI .!!
Any person sullffring from the shove
disease ia requested .to atldress; 'r. .'rice,
ard a trial bottle oif uwetdicine will be
forwarded by Express.
The only cost hling tihe Express char
gC's which owing to my large business,
are small.
Dr. Pri~e has made the treatnment of
FITA OR EPILEPSY
a study for years :mid hit will warraint a
cure lby time use of his remedy.
Do Ilot tfail to send to him tfor a trial
bott!c; it costs nothing, and he
WILL CUME YOU,
no matter of how lolrg standing your
case allty be, or liow many other remie
dies may have tfailed.
Circulars and tetimuouials sett with
FREE TRIAL BOTTLE.
Be particuhar to give your Express, as
well as your Post Olfice direction, and
Address,
Dr. Chas. T. Price,
67 William Street, New York.
March 6.-- ly.
PEOPLE'S LINE.
R i EGILA I .Alexanidria nid
Grand Ecore Low Water PACKET.
For Grand Ecore, MIontgoiery, Monuth of Cane
Aiver, Alexandriah, orninau's, Biariin's,
andiil A11 way laiiid 8 i :ed
!River.
-Thke Al extreme light
- dr'atlgitd pass"l enger stc-amler,
BRADISH JOHNSON!
JOHN IIEINN, Master.
WM. CUILBIEITSON, Clerk.
(,ILL leave New Orleans every Thurs
S"a.y, and arrive at Grand Ecore eve
ry ISunday.
For freight or passage apply onl board
Oct. 17.-4f.
': N UM 'PTION CURED.
To the Editor ofi The 1'eople's i'aditalor :,
: ESTriEEDI) FI:ED :
Will you please inform your roaders
I have a positive
CURE FOR CONSUMPION
and all disorders of the Throat and
Lungs, and that, by its use in umy pruc
tice, I have cured hundreds of cases, and
u ill give
$1,000 00
for a case it will not benefit. Indeed, so
strong is my faith, I will send a P.RsPIr.x,
VaEEn, to any sntlferer addressing me.
Please show this letter to :wnr one you
may know who is suffering fromi these
diseases, and oblige,
Faithfilly Yours,
Dr. T. F. BURT,
69 William St., New York.
March 6.-ly.
Allen's Planet Jr Rand
bILLS and wu LiOUl. TwRteanew
styles. "Theysow like ttearm," and hoe
better, ealerand six times faster
than the hand hoe. SEMPLE,
.BIRGE a Co. 13 S.Main atree
St. Louis, Mo. Cireularfree. A
LivoAgent wanted in every town.
gs-Ples state in wjst Paperyou reed this.
Sinnott's Line.
Spring and Stnmmer Arrangement.
For Grand Ecoro, Montgompery, Alexandria
Pineville, Norman's, Barbia's,
Fort DeRltussay,
And All Way Landings,
The A I r agniticent atdul fast
running side-wheel passenger
packet
BART ABLE I
DicK SI1NOT, Master.
G. C. HAsI.TOS, ~ I
T. J. Dowr', $ Clerks.
WTILL leave New Orleans every'Saturday at '
V 5 t,. l., returening leaves Grald Ecore
every Tuesday at 12 a., and. Ale andria every
Wednesday at 12 U.'
The steamer
C. H. DURFEE.
will take the place of thle Bart Able in low J
water, and continue in the trade regularly as 1
long as possible to snake weekly trips.
fiy patrons can rest assured they will never
have to pay over ONE CARD) rates freights, as
long as can make weekly trips.
DICK SINYOTT.
1875. . AGAI .... 1875
LOUISVILLE WEEKLY
COURIER JOURNAL
Continues for the present year its liberal
arrangement, whereby, on the 31st of
December, 1875, it will distribute impar
tially among its subscribers,
*,, 10,OOO
In presents, comprising Greenbacks and
nearly one thousand useful and beautiful
articles.
The Courier-Journal is a long-estab
lished, live, wide-awake, progressive,
newsy, bright and spicy paper.
No other paper ofters such inducements
to sttubscribers and club agents Circula'rs
with full particulars and specimen cop
ies sent free on application.
Terns, s:$2.Q0, rar Ad jiberal offers
tocinubs. - -
Address, . W N. HALDEMAN,
Pres. Courier.Journal Co., Louisville, Ky
N NPAREILMILLS.
l ses tt h D[awl p 8t test; L01411q
WEEKLY Friday Packet
For Grand Ecore, Montgomery, Mouth of Cane
tiver, Alexozdria, .Norman'a liar
' ba's aud'all way landings
on Red lRier,
The Al and very light dratught
pasenger steamer
SEMINOLE.
J. C. MIrTcts., Master. JAes. L. Robins, clerk.
rEAVES New Orleans every Tuesday at 5 F.
i ., arrivIng at Grand REore every Friday
at 12 n, Thp Seasineol will he replaced by a larg
er boat when aav1gustioA op its.
Will makb'itaoe conneiona at the Falls da
ribg extreme low water with the light draught
steamor Ida Leon. Passengers can be assured
that they will be put through without deten
tion and shippers will bear in mind that freight
will be promptly delivered as inl high water
time.
For freight or pasage apply on heard or to
C. J. HAIRKINS, Agent.
BUIST'S CARDEN SEED.
,JUST RECEIVED) dreet from tih grow
Ser, a full supply of the above celebra
ted seed, onion sets, and early rose pota
toes.
Buist's Gardep Manuals for gratuitous
distributnfion at
Jan. 9-if. Th ICHEL & AIREY
June2--ly N atckitoches, La.
WEEKLY AND I)AILY FOR 17.
'The approach of the Presidential elee
tiuo gives iuntsual imlportance to the
events a:1l0 developenllts of 1d75. We T
sl1l endleavor to destcribo thetr fully,
h ihfully, andm farl:ssly.
TH1rE WEEKLY SUN has now attain
orl a cit'culaiiou of over seventy thou
sand copies. Its readers are tiinul in
every Stale and Territory, andLt its qlulli
ty is well knowin to the public. We
shlall not olndy endeavor to keep it fully
upi to the old standard, unt to improvte t
and add to its variety and power. oi
THE WEEKLY SUN will eontinue to ni
be a thorough newspaper. All the news mi
of the day will be foutnd in it, condens- ft
ed when unimportant, at full length at
when of momnent, and always, we trust, ar
treated in a clear, interesting and in- en
structive manner. el:
It is o.,r ailm to make the Weekly Sun all
the hest famnily newspaper in the world. to
It will he full of entertaining and ap- on
propriate reading of *every sort, but will 1
print nothing to offend the most serupu- all
lolls and delicate taste. It will always
contain the most interesting stories and re
romatnces of the day, carefully selected tit
and legibly printed. pt
The Agricultural Department is a of
prominent fea:ture in the Weekly Sun, n,
stild its articles will always be found m
fresh and useful to the fannrmer. Al
The nnmber of mien indepelndent in a
poiitics is increasing, and the Weekly v:1
Sun is their paper especially. It belongs ni
to no1 party, r'lnd obeys no dictation, con
tending for principle, and for the election jo
of the lbest m1n. It exposes the corrup- co
tiou that disgraces the country and th
threatens the overthrow of repiublie:tn e
institution:is. It has no tfar of knaves, In
and seeks no favors front their support- cli
ers. v
The markets of every kind and the tit
fashions are regularly reported in its sit
columns." it
The price of the WEEKLY SUN is one be
dollar a year for a sheet of eight pages,
and fifty-six cohluns. As this barely in
lipays explenses of paper and printing, weli nr
arme not able to make any discount or al- D
low any premium to iriends who may it
Iake special eitorts to extend its circular- re
tion; Iinder the new law, which re- is
quires paylnu clit of postage in advance, at
one doellar s year, with twenty cents the or
cost of prepaid postate added, is the rate w
of :nbscription. It is not niecessary to A
get tip a club in order to have the Week- In
1y Stinl at this rate. Any one whoI seuds al
(lol dollar and twenty cents will get the s'
palwr, post-paid, for a year. A
We have no traveling agents. ti
THE WEEKLY SUN.-Eight pages, a9
fifty-six columns. Only $1.20 a yeasr,
postage prepaid. No discount from this st
rule. Ii1
THE DAILY SUN.--A large four-page p1
newspaper of twenty-ciight columns ti
Daily circulation over 120000. All the tl
news ltr 2 cents. Subscription, postage p.
prepaid 55 cents a mouth, or th i 50 a year. I1i
To clubs of 10 or over, a discount of 20 si
per cent. Address: it
'THE SUN," New York City. e,
THE A
Peo'pl's Viidieator,
FOR 1875.
We take pleasure in announning to the
numerous friends of the VINDICTOR,
that we have perfected arrangements for t
the continuation of its publication upon
a firm basis. The public are well aware
of the difticulties under which the Con
servative press of Louisiana labor; the W
infamous printing law u1assed by a parti- r
:sut Legislature, solely to foster and up
hold, at the expense of the tax-payers,
journals entirely antagonistical to their
interest, and at war upon their lib::rtioes,
Iand by foreing, under tMhe fonrms of law,
our citizens to advertise in these official
t papers, to break down their power, the t
SCouservative anti Democratic press; con
sequently we are compelled to depend
for sipplort upon the geuorous contribu
tion of a p)eople already poverty-stricken,
but we feel assured that they w'l not
fail to susntain their main power in the
t war of virtue against vice
SThe Fearless White -ilan's Press of I
Louisiana.
The future tone of this paper can he e
. judged firom its past. We will continue f
, to advoceate to seccess, the rights of tle d
TAXED. that honesty and capability, a
r ALONE, shall constitntto grounds for po- a
Slitical preferment, and a continued and ii
naetei ceaeiuing war upon Kellogg and his t
- corrupt oftticials--knowing themn to be in i
comnmon with their Chief, both usurpers II
and thieves. .
We can assure the public that ve will
not hesitate to attack the csets of any po
litical organization, when we believe (
them to be antagonistic to public good.
We are the servant of no cliqne or party,
and intend solely to protect and defend
l the rights and liberties, in our honest
,f way, of the whole people-believing that
we have done sufficientt service in the
cause of tihe PEOPLE in the past, we
confidently expect their mlsupport in the
future.
TERMS':
1 Copy 1 year.................... $I r
" 0, os.......... . ............... r2
(!uvariably in advance.)
We furnish as a premium to each paid
uIp suebscriber, for one year from the first
of Jannary, a fline STEEL ENGRAVING,
S19x24 inches, of almost any Historiecal
' subject.
JAS:H. COSGROVE,
Editor.
PELLI & AREAUX,
3' Pahlishers.
THE DEMOCRATIC PAPER OF
THIE UNITED STATES.
.. WEEKLY,- ublished Wednelsdays.
Full reports o~af 'armuers' Club, Live Stock
- Markets of New York, Albanly, Brighton,
Cambridge, and Philadelphia; the New
York Country Produce M:arket, and Gel
is eral Produce Markets of the Coullntry,
and full IReports of the New York Mar
ket, Exhaustive Sunmmary of the News,
Practical Agricultural Department, and
bt 1amily Reading.
One copy ohe oyear............... $
k. t., FI opies, one P yealr,' parately ad
... . 1........................... 7
I. "Da , .TeoLms.-One copy, onle year
'I- ................ .. ........ So10 00
- Semi-Weekly; Teraes.-- One copy,
b' one yar. ......... .. .......... I3
.e w o'rcopies, one ypar, aepalrately ad
, t :; -ed ...."..".................. 5
, or-. ·: Zerms (ha, (in ad, vane.)
to 'Send in Regi~stere& -Letter.i'ostofie
.Money Order, or Blgftiitraft. jills senat
Sby madil ll'Tie at thi riak of t4e senrder.
We have no Traveling' Agent, Speci
^en0opies, Fosters, Etc, seat free of
-. !aige.rhorver, and whenever desired.
a-. ddeairl and letters to
a- -. - THE WORLp,
, -I New York City.
O, At on e Coudms at L, ,
Oflice on St. Deal Sttreet,
Jnne tiG-ly. NutcAitoc~ea. LY.
A iRerl'.eactattive and CLallio: of.anerieran T
Art Taste !
Prosperila for !75--Ei~hlth iYear.
TIIE ART JOURNAL OF AMERICA. if
ISSUED MOxTI.L t!t
"A Miagnificent Conception, wonderfuilly
carried out." il
. s11t
' The necesseity of a popular medium for !r
e thel i', tlel tntatiao of the 1il.l ii tilnl s of In
our iz'eatl artists, has always Illven Tre!o;
+ nized, lland many iatttlnn'ts have beet of
s wiinal to mlieet the want. The sllcuessivve ge
- failures which si intiVal jlly ollodtwed e vI h I)
I atteimpt in this conllltry to estalish an vi
art journal, did not prove the ihlithir
- lene of the people of Amerl'ica to tlhe cl
cl:itlms of high art. So soon as a proper I'
Il appreciition of the want anld aun ahility it
I. to eloet it were shown, the public at lIlt
once rallied with enthusiasm to its sup
1 p'rt. and the reslt, waIs la roent :ltisti.c it•
anld eominercial trililh--TlIE Ali),lNE. lie
s TIE ALDINE, while issued with all the li
l regularity. has none of the temilniralry or li
i timely interest characteristic of ordiniary ili
per !icailsa. It is an eleganit miseelhiany .
i of pnre, light and gracefn; literature; tani Tl
I, a collection of pictures, the rarest speci- tri
I nlets of artistic skill, in hlilek and white.
Althiough each succeeding tlnnler a rfftrds i
i a fresh pleasure to its friendls, the real Elr
~Ivalu and ll t:nty of the AislSNE will I,e '.
y most !appreciated after it ltas leen oul l ill
- up at the close of the y.a:ir. 'While otlher 11
'journals mlahiV lili sipeitioar cha nue'sºs.us i'
comniparedl with r.ails (of : similar class,
1 the Al.mnxI in a unitqule t:ad orilhinal Con
eI eletioln--alone and tialltpprll lhedl - ihso
i, Iltely withllout comaptitiln ill Inice or
character. The poisscwor of a: eolmilehte "
volume enunoiitt dIlJlineaite lhe gnlultity of i
c Ie li paper and elingravings in alny olther i
s shape or numbiher of vollitlies foil t, tiilies ill
its cost tandl then, there is the Chrotuo cli
C besidea! cvil
, ' Nationnal feature of TIHE ALDINE I R
V must he tnken in no narrow sense. Trul'le
art Is cosmopolitan. While THIE AL
I- DINE is a strictly Amenrican instititiol. A
y it does not contine -itself eltirely to tlle "
- reproduction of native art. Its mission nl
is to cultivate a hrond anil appreciative "w
t, art taste, one that will disrrilinate, only tie
e on grounds of intrinsic itmerit. Thm.. ti
1 while iilacing before the paltrellla of T'1E
o ALDINE. as a leadig elaraicteritie, the I
prolllucltions of the most noted Ainericarn '
lI artists, attention will "always hoe iven to n1
t specimens fromt freiglTn tatilttrs, giving of
subscrilbers all the pleiasulr and iinstrue- AU
tion obtainable froml hobie or foreign th
s, sources. p
r, The artistic illustration of America: it
is scenery, original with THE ALDINE, is Pa
an important fqeature, and its mlagnificenlt
oe plates are of a Mize; miiore, appropriate to
s the satisfitetory treatment of details P.
te thani can lie affortldetd l,y any iliferi'. N
ie page. The judicious interspersion of
i. landscape, imarine. figure, and anilali
O subljects, sUftltin an unIall tetd interest, L
impossible where the scopel of the work
confines the artist too closely to a sinrle
- style of sulject. The literat'nre of THE
ALDINE is a light end graceful ancom
panliment, worthy of the artistic fei- A
tllnrs, with only such teehnlial digrisi
tions as do not interfere with the popu
lar interest of the work.
Prtenlhum for 1875.
Everyt subscriber for 187.5 will reerive
,o a beautifiul portrait, ill oil colors, of the
Ssaino noble dog whluse picture ill a for
Ui mer issue attracted so nmuch attention,
re "HANiMS UNSELFISH FRIEHP
t will be a welcome in every home. Eve
Sryboldy loves such a dog, and the portrait
is executed so true to the life, that it r1
Sseenlms the veritable pIreIenCe of the lani- in
.' tnil itself. T'ie Rev, T. Do Witt Tal- es
l a~ge tells that his owln New\onthndltlltli
'•' do (tile finest in lrooklyn, larks hat it.
itonilgh so iatural, no one ( thio seN I
be this puefmiuln chromio will have the "
e slightest feanr of hIeing hitttn.
. Besides the chromito, e'very advance e
Ssullbscriber to' THE ALDINE for 1875 is ~
, constituted a nenber, and elititlcd to a
ti all the privileges of al
le THE ALDINE ART UNION.
The Untion owns the origiiils of all -
of TIlE ALDINE pictures, which, with C
other p:ailitings and e!Igralvings. are to
be tlistribnlted illiong tile llnlibelrs. To
be every series of ".0O stihataribers, 100 dif.
Iu fereidt pieces, valned at ever *2,500 tire ,
I i distributed as soon as the series is full, a
*, and the iawards of each series as Inisade,
o- !are to be puluiished in the itext succeetd
ad ing insse of TIE, 4LDINE. This rea- r
is ture only applies to slbencriIbers who pay
in for onle year in advance. Full particu
re lars in circulllar Efet on application en
l closiung a stuamp.
e. TERMS:
. One Subseription, eulitling to THE
*, ALDINE one year, the Clhromeo
dat and the Art Union,
* $0.00 per annum, in advance.
e No charge for postage.
he Specimen Copies of TIE ALDINE, 50 ciats.
The ALr.xf will hereafter be obtainable
only by subscription. There will be no
$' reduced or club rate; cash foI r suhbcrip.
2 tions must besCenit to the publisherst ireet, a
or handed to the local clivasser, withont
id responsibility to the publishers, only in
cases where the ccrtilichate is given, bear
s ing the fac-shimile signature of Jaimes
GSutton, Presideu t
S CAINVASEIRS WANTImn.-Ally person who
wishes to act permanently us :a loeial can
vasseer, will receive fuill awdl prompt in- '
onreation by applying to
THE ALDINIE O3fPANf, a
58 Maidenu Lane, NEW YORK
/POSITIVELY NO CROMIOS.
. I!
r FOR 1875. "
UMN8 of choice realiwg wiAt
S ter, printed on clear, .hand
2 sumle tylm, aidl tiuoe
white paper
7
0~0 IfIE NEWS is edited by the Danhu
J ry Newr blZiu; is coatrilluted to by I
$3 Oenige Alfred Totnlleldt, the chlieT of
Newspaper Correepla delhts, and other
5 exeelletat writers, who will furnisw t fresh
eqrmepondene frola the leadiug4ilties,
sad tic-Jarltte to the elitoria. coitlnus.
Rce The NEhW, has it.s own Scieitihic,
ent Fashiot, Chess and Pnzzle editors; 1pub
her. ishes the best origihunl matter, thel blest
sei-, gttellhiiuy, a tlhe f'oshest anl best
of rniiellaiy, ula the freslhest and best
ed stories. In all its departmNeits it is
edited with snrupilous care, and, is, ilt
consequence olie of the best Family
o irg qbltlshed. Saimple Copies free
" -·T' l 0MS OF SUBSCRIPTION:
On O Yiar....... ..:.. W........$..00
,a.pcli ratsitoe ' Postumiatrs and lubs.
S DAILEY t DONOVAN,
,"l l~ly t= . . . i .. !. .. . ' . . .
POSTAGE FIºEE
Beautifully Iilustratcd.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN now iln
its 3J0th y.war, tttijoys the wi,,,t c,',ul.
tionl t,f any weekly uewspai,.r of the !:intl
ill tlhe wtoril. A n9ew volutnie counInce.
January 4, 1875.
Its contents emlbrace, the latest :and itt
htteresting, inftrniation plrrtaining t t i.
Inlthistr'i:li, Me ch ie 1;ý,1 '11 i; '1 11111' Pi'. -
g't's; it" Ihe' W\ it'Ill: I)' s'ri"lt7.ils, with
iantifllil Ei'gnraviltgs..tf New I Ivewtij1tt.
New v 1r'itts ', atit (iiip rotvdtl In dutrijs
ofI all kind.~s: .lI- ul Nots, c .eil'*., Slilo
g.stions anti A.Ivir1,. hy Pra'lrical WVritersi.
for Worklien anti Employerý'..il all the
various arts.
Thue t41"NT'I'FIC ?AME RICAN in the
cheapest an:l':llld he,t ill.nsatrfed weekly pan
per plnllisht'edl. Every luliunitr cotdains
fromt 10 to 15 original I."nr:avings of ntw
lclihilller't ;f l Iltno v'l iinvention.i
ENUI:AVI (.. :Lu4.atir;g It:irove
nients, l)Diseoveri, . tah l, ipllinltrltrt Wor-ks,
peltariIhiilg to Civil .i.Al M tlhalnlitI lil i
neeling, Mill in. Mining and Miii tallrgvy
Rt!orldt of the litfest prire.lss in the Ajp
'liat ions of 'ta:i. 'ltrln a i t ginteer;ilg,
rail'ways. $hi!! ]h1hildin, Na:iationl.
Tehglnhl'y, lTo'llgraph tEiginrllteinilg, .lEke
tricity, 'Manltisi, light land Hieat.
FA.l.AMl lS, Mechanices, Et.ine'l rsl,.
Inventolrs, Mlianuthetr. irs. Cheli t1.4, Lov
ers iof Neiencel, TcJh;is.r (',l'rz:ymlnll Law
,v't, " int Pioulltt ot alli P .oi.:ioots, will
tinld the SCIN:xttlicu Al~lc:i.tlAN ull,f'l to
Ilheit. It should have a 0h.i(t'i i evt ry
"aiihly, Library, IStulyulthie., au tid tti:i
hig tl:llIot ; in every i trihiig lol~,
College, Anldemy or Shool.
A yaLr's uiltihth eta ctt inii f'3 ltles qudill
santliis of llie.s ar plet rs t'irv'dti' tfo hid
ini andl ';cthi' tN. Tl'aicl :n d l relt'i
tril weVl vii It1 t ilmtes Iit' tutitin
prie. Teriims *32 ai year by imail, in
cluding lpostag. l1)iet to Cloin e pi"
clnili sient tri'ee. lail lIe had oi all News
Siºalrs.t
PA TENTS. Tl cuitctiowit, h
AI.llCA, Messrs. Mi.rs & Ci. are
Solit'etr of Aneliein lanid l"oreig Patlents.
inudl have the Inlrgesit a tltlisheillont in tihe
world Mret than filty ihonuilsand appli
lioutihave liben itade for patents through
their agency.
Patert, n.e oht.ainetld onl the best ternms
Model~s of *w inventions and sketcles
examined 1and advice tree. A special
notice is niade,in the Seienititie Amierican
of all JInventioinsi liatented throinugh this
Agency, tiith the iaulj ind re's!ildent of
the Patentee. intints are otten sold in
part or whole, to persous attracted to the
inventti Iby isui. notice. Send for
Pamplilet, i11 plagts, laws andi full di-.
rectl ions tfor obtauiiing Patents.
A-dress for the Palter, or concerning
Patents, MrTxx & Co., 37 Park .ow
N. Y. 1lraieh Oltie, car. 1 , al lth 1Sts.
Waaihintoln, :) C.
Jaiy 118775.--1
WEEKLY ENQUIRER,
A Paper for the People, a Friend of the
Farmer and Industrial Classes, '
A BEAUTIFUL
NEW COHRM0I 1
ENTITLED
"Perry's Victory!"
Girepdo erery $2 00 Sabacribr. s
This picture represents Com. Oliver It. Per
riy i the act of passilg from one ship In antot.:. r
in a small open boau:t, tlurinlg the heat of battle,,
exepesed to the fire of the etneiUy.
It Measures 16 by 221 Inches,
Is artistically titiseled in thirteen colors anl iu
udIllllobtaedly" the Inmst desirlable chlromolll ever
offered ;'r a premium. Single copies of it sell at I
$3 ti0. We have at a great outlay aeut'red the
exclusive control anad sale of it, and therefore
are enabled to preselnt it to Iour' patro I'saablove. I
The EsQI'Iit still stalnldsa pro emlinet. as a
first clasn Nowupaper. Its varioedepartmtents 4
allotted to
Editorials, Humorous,
.Agriculture, Poetry,
Correspondence, Telegraplio
And General N ewes.
All giveevridence of the caro and pains taken
to slliply i a readers with all the nItews a ad a
variety of reading that cannot liil to interest I
each and every mllllembe of thlelal aeihld. Sub. i
neribe throubgh our agents or a1rl dirert to us.
We desire an agent at every Plot Office, and
where none are 'et appointedl, let smine of oar
friends apply for the agency.
Address
FAIIAN & MXeLANi Publishers,
,CICINNATI, 0.
The Saturday Evening Post.
The Oldest and Bsat Story Paper Pub
lished.
Founded August 4, A. D. 1821.
For more than half a century the
Saturday Evening Post has been the
GREAT LITERARY WEEKLY
of the Country, andl has over bohIt a
widespread and unblemished reputation
for the unlsulrpassed, ulrity, rlinll'lellt
and excellence of the Serials, Sketches
and Miscellaneous readinlg matter.
It is pre-eminently
The Best Family Paper
that is published in this country, from its
never contaitling anything that would
offenda the feelings of any onll, either in
a religious or political souse, or th.at
could not be read at any fireside without
obujectioit from the umst fastidiusa.
The cireulation of the Saturday Even.
inug Post, through not quite so large
perhaps, as its younger contemporaries,
is not, like that of some of theam, Iluctu
ating, and too often short-lived, but
SURE, SOLID AA\D SUBSTANTIAL,
based upon the intrinsic merit of lthe pa
per itself antd not dependent on any ex
traneonle inluences, such as the pojlulari
ty of individual writers, &c.
Good, however, as the Saturday Even.
ing Post has been in the past, it is our
intention to make it still better in the
future, and with this object in view we
will cifect a marked imuprov:emeunt in eve
ry departumcut of the paper, and will
call to our assistance writers of admitted
ability and known reputation.
By inereasing its former attractions,
and adding many julldicioes tl pleas
ing novelties, by staulyi.tg how to please
and cultivate he te pular taste, by in
ere:tingain-dut;try and enterprise, and by
ellalrged fatcilities, we hope to make new
Irieltu with etach nttd every istne, antd
contintitue to n.lutintain tilhe claim of the
,ataurdtay Evenintg Pot. to its title of Tit'
O)Ltesr bsu Tirlt EtS'T of IFamily Story
P'apers.
Terms to Subscriers:
Ono y* tr t copy $'100 Olle mlonth 25
" 2L colp;,' 5.00 'T'wo mlontht [,t
S 4 copies 10.i0 Three ltln. 7
" 9 copies 20.00 Four muo 1.00
To any one sonding $20 for a Clnb of
9, an adhlitional copy will be euit FIEIE.
Specitneti copiesti can be had on apll
cation. We Employ no Traveling Agent s.
All commfuicationa must be addlressed to
R. J.C. WALKER, Propietor,
727.Walnut Street,
.jPiladelphia.
', Get e your I'rinting done iat
the ViDicATo Job Office.
THE ILLUST'RATED
HIOUSEHILD MICIZINTO
WITH 'I IIHICH IS INCORPORATED
!W . LtL 44t l, HiA ll
It ik the il't(nti:on of the coi:dntItors ,of
this Ma:avile to still f rtlheT Ilhake it
h:atl l ," literary and nttech'1:!ical exe
;lec1e, oil!d. witli this view, nIo advvadialt3
a\iii i itctti.ted' whithl either talenit (:
,,a":tital ±11 cm:u:1'. to rehder each i"
sie' ll i agl'ctral' ;tl nd iunstructive COtPliN.
'OITLA RRE.\ADING.
Its plage-s will ,e devotled to polpuhlau
i i: eliratil; , sc(inc4e, art, education antld i .e
'il detelhopwnt. Its charalct'ristic fr&-.
llare is ctlprehensiv'l'eness Thie Wianli
S1ri'ts lltow oi illatl, and others eshlwci -.
Iy etlgaige'l, emlirace :ai uinusually attraue
tive. list of Descriptive Sketiches of Trav
el, S.iie l ,tories. Tales Poemsl, Papwrs ol
svience alnd Art. Popular Essays. Narra
tives, Literary Criti.icins, FIashions, etc.,
th3Ke.tlhcr with al variety of able and ln -
trtrsting articles uponi, the Inllportul.t
Qlestions oft the Day. A large Iprovloi
t ion oft the articlos, espeLcially thoset dea
eriptivo of travel, will 1e
PRiOFISELY ILLUSTRATED.
The pictorihal enl,,1llishnients of t1*-,
Magazine hereafter coustitutilng one tof
its most attractive features.
The lpurposle of the Publishersc is to filr
oisih a pe.riodical whi.h s1hall be instruv
t iel'i1'e lthe Notsthold, The Lil rtary antll
The itealiing tloIun, giving ati ahi1:itlaice
of intertaitiilng and ptoplar literature
aidl illorlautilon for bicih old 11and young.
caIrr'ying light. coilfort and good natuilt
utol every' famiily, ainl Indmkiug it accel-
t.ilhl for tlle. whole Ilouu,'holi--fathbl'"
:1111l iitlih'r, olys a~1i girl., younilg ae
.tut yo-tug w-omi11.
The lltustrated Houcewold Magaziin
iicludlel several Distinct Departlnellpts
each ulndler comilCptenit iand ellicient maWl
agetieut, viz:
1. Sket ches-consisting of Descriptioiul
of Travel and Adventure, Seri'ial Stories,
T'aics and Narratives, lavishly and ap
propriate'ly illustriteid.
'2. Mliscellaity-m-lia up of brilliant ex.
tract. fronm nlew books, highly eicterttait
illi sketches of notable persons andl
things ifro'm the best Ioreligtl Publisa
tions, 'oems and Papers on Science and
Art.
3. Editorial IlDpartilent-in which is
givent brilliant essays upon a wide raigu
(of snlujcts'; scial topics dliSc'Ised and
current itcidelits anid doings glaniied at.
4. 14l4hilonl Depiartmluet-ciultainiug a
resulilme of the Pailis, Lbndoe and New
Yortk lashions, illustrated with uugra
viugs of the latest styles.
5. Literary Notes-devoted to reviews
and eriticisils of Inew booka11l:d general
information.
(6. Childrlien's Deplirtnment-furnishing
instruetiou and enlteirtinlmenti to the
Boys anlld irls, andl those] older people
who have yollung hearts. It is enbelish
ed wilth high class illnutrations Iof
NatuIral i[istory, Wonderful Scenery adl
rari incidents.
7, Housaekeepor's "Dcpartmlent -coin.
pri, ing ilfourmailtinili and reciptls, tiany of
which arl'e original and pubilished for thI.
first tilue, all collected fruom the moues
authentic sources.
It will he the coistant aim of the
Hlousehold Publishing Comnpany to mnako
TH11i ILLUSTRATED IIOUSEHOLD
MAGAZINE in the future, as Wood's
liousehold Magazine has been il the
past,
THE P.EST DOLLAR~I ONTHLT PUL.
LISHTED,
sparing neither etffort, trouble nor es
pelnsl ill securing the Best Writers so
cointributors, and the Best Artists to pie
dtuco illustrations to eiiarich its lpages.
AGENTS WANTED.
WVe require a good, faithful Ageatn l
ievery town throughout the Uaited State.
l1dl Cdllal. who will tearnestly enguage is
the huiniless ift procuring sublseraber
not folr ii tiw days or a month ony, lhaul
lperianIi0enly--with"natrtin deternirlninn S
to cainvass thonoughly and earefully the
entire l ield selected, improving every epi.
lortunii y to realize all that can poesily
be mnade fromi the introduction of thei
Magaziue.
Outr Premiwns and'Clubbimg LiWl
offer grout inducements for workingpa
our behl;alf. Schools ald 1Churches lrave
holeu an unusual opportuuity to procure
lhisical InAstruiuiets from the best nma
Iflcturers, with comparatively slight
exertions. Artislhls, ProIfe'sioiin l e
andil Sti udelts iniay graItify their litef'ary
tastes by ordering from the Clubldib
List. Children may earn and own mrany
lolg elhsiriel articles hyl obtaifnigIL
few ittcbriberirequired.
TERMS:
YEARLY BSUBSCRLIPTIOK $i.09.
Specienen Copies mailedl, peot-lpaid, to
any addtresui uponll receipt of Ten CetOs.
Tlhe postage within the United Sttes
is T'u Centsl a year, which uast le fit
warded with the subscription, as the
ln1w Pkostal Law requiring the proepy
Iient of all magazines by publishles
_thiiemslvecs, inisteael of suhbsoribers, comr
p uls is to collect the postage in advance.
n Sor! lfor Circilars eoutliaiiiig rlutes or
I Icolitllsionl d induclleouiits to catniy
i"ld. lii3 tlho Premiuim and Cltubbiun
Lists.
271E YOSE0JITE VALLEY.
We colitiulo to offer this celebrated
Oil Chroilmeo iln conllnectioi with thLi li
Sluslrtrtel Hfouulhuhl Magazine, furnish
ig thamu to our subeIilbrs upon the
o llowing very generouls terms:
IWil. Iountled #Chromeo, *2.00. tsa
mounlted lC'lkrro, $1.51).
The lMounted Chrome i delivereld at
oulr office, or bIy callvasers, or boxed tM
Srsnt, by express at subscriber's expenas
or sent by lail upon receipt of Tweutp
cnt extra for postage. The Uumeuai.
ee Ularomeo is se1t ftee by rail.
SAll conlliiieations nllist'"le laddressedl
I- LOUSIllIOLD PUBLISHING CO.,
41 Park Row, NOew York.
e womlneu alcL agents, we haive juot whls
, you 14eed1 Our lill Motsted (Chromeas
outrtsell anything in the nlarkct. Mr. Plei
II sons write: "1 struck out yewterdlay, pai
Sby wc-king eaLy four ihours, cleared Li$7.
A aldy has.njust repolrted her profits fel
tile frclrenono as $ti; yesterday up to i
. o'clock she cleartced 7 O. Wei cani proe,
SIsyoltll question that olie I'agent ordeyj
, i'i5,(l0 of,these chirotiies in eleven work
in~. g days. We have the largest and lin&' s
aM, alrtllmtrlt inl tile Ihiited Staltes; han
d tr'edse of choiee subjects from which t
,, lecl:t. We will senld youll assorlted It .
Sof thie best sellig free of chargi el re
S iptis oif $( itl. Send in your olrderw n.
giu'e us a cvll. anplesl by" mail 25c,! o.
L2 f, r S1.
BOITO',N I 1RAME AND CHROMO Cc.
212 Waalhiligton St., Boston, Mass.
; P. O. BoIx 26k.
of Important Notice.
SU, iCRIBEE S to the Gitruwn Ecor.
'. ANI) N':w ORLEANS PEOPLE s'LL.I<
SPACKET COMPNY, are hcreiby itotitic'e:
that the irst Inslalmentof tlhe amoun,.,
subscribed (25 per cent ou each share) i
uo" due. Theyi are respecafully jiv' -
ted to como forward salid sttle at onel
Stheir indlebtedness.
By order of the Director,
S L. DIJPLEIX,
YoJ;. '.--tf. Ageut.