[Continued from Second Page.]
TRABLE, DAVIS & CO.
ASouthern gentleman of prominence said re
cently that Louisville should bea great cotton
mart. The firm of Trabue, Davis & Co.
have for years been in the habit of handling
large quantities of cotton in the bale. It is a
house whose irreproachable integrity is known
and recognized all over the great Southern
comstry. Year by year cotton comes to this
famous house in larger quantities and from
longer distances. This pioneer house in the
eotton trade of Louisville has gained the con
fidence and esteem of the cotton planters and
delers of the South.
ALFORD, NEWHOUSE & CO.
The gradual growth of the business of a
great wholesale house is one of the surest in
dices of a general increase in the population
of a country. We were very forcibly im
pressed with this fact while looking over the
steok of the stanch and well known drug
house of Alford, Newbouse & Co. Every
tbhg that our rapid advance in civilization
has made necessary as material for the supply
table of the chemist, or pharmacopia of the
druggist, is to be found in their immense
stook. The multiplication of means of trans
portation has largely Increaacd the buiuevns or
this house, which extends throughout the
whole South and West.
A handsome compliment to the integrity
and well known liberal dealing of this house
came up during the yellow fever epidemic.
A druggist of Memphis, temporarily in Cin
cinnati, received a telegram from his clerk for
a large line of drugs to be shipped to Mem
phis. The druggist at once telegraphed the
entire order to Alford, Newhouse & Co., of
Louisville, with instructions to fill it at their
best rate. This incident is indicative of the
aniveraal esteem and confidence with which
this solid house is regarded.
HARBISON & OAT1IIOHT.
There is not a stancher or more reliable whole
sale house in the entire country than that of
Harbison & Gathright. The sterling gentle
men composing this house are familiar with
the intricacies of the harness and saddlery
business, and their insight into the needs of
the great trade of the South and West is best
evidenced by the superiority of their stock in
all lines. They have every late approved de
vice in bridles, harness and saddles, as well as
everything appertaining to horse gear. The
vivid interest which this firm takes in their
great industry is admirably shown in Mr.
Oathright's valuable and unique inventions in
saddles, saddle trees, irov horns and gig sad
dies, besides numerous other inventions of
great merit. The firm of Harbison & Gath.
right is a power its its line.
DR. WINTERSMITH'S CHILL CURE.
The name of the above gentleman has been
made a most familiar one in those sections of
the country subject to malaria, for Dr. Win
teremith's Chill Cure has been found an abso
lute cure and preventive of all descriptions
of malarious disease, including chills and
fever, bilious, typhoid and remittent fevers,
and all others of that class. Arthur Peter &
Co, the great wholesale drug house of Louis.
Ule, are the general agents for all of Dr.
Wintersmith's famous remedies.
CHILTON, OUTHRIE & CO.
bhia well known trunk house is one of the
most stable and reliable in the trade of the
South. They have all the latest and best im
provements in everything appertaining to
trunks, traveling bags, sachels, etc. Their
manufacturing facilities are of the best, and
their goods are of a high grade in excellence
and low in price. This firm is crowded by
orders this fall.
LTFE INSBURANCE COMPANIES.
The recent failures in life insurance com
panies in the East and West serve to bring
more prominently into notice those which
have weathered the storm, and, after a most
searching investigation, are found to stand
upon a firm foundation. Among the best and
strongest institutions in this kind in the coun.
try, as far as solvency is concerned, is the
Soathern Mutual Life Insurance Company of
Louisville. The offiicers and directors are
among the most respected eltizensof that city,
and the rigid economy of expenditure, coup
led with judicious investments has had the
legitimate eflect of securing the confidence and
respect oft its policy holders.
JOHN P. MORTON & CO.
It would be more appropriate for us to ask
John P. Morton & Co. to introduce us to the
publc than to perform that office for this old
and well known publishing bouse. From a
persiod so remote that the memory of middle
aged men and women run not to the contrary,
the publications of the Armof Morton & Gris- I
weld have been as familiar as household words.
We can really form no estimate of the amount
of white paper used in thisb establishment, but
it mut be enormous. In holiday goods the
largest line kept by any house in the city, of
all styles, from the cheapest to the most ele
egant, is to be found there.
THE DICKINSON PURNITURE COMPANY
is one of the oldest and most favorably known
of all the factories in Louisville. The facilities
for obtaining walnut, which abounds in Ken
tucky and which finds its market there, are so
great as to render that city the cheapest mar
ket for furniture in the country.
BOOTS AND 5HOUS.
In boots and shoes there are a large number
of bouses, among which may be mentioned
Butelifie & Owen and R. L. White & Co.,
wholeeale dealers, whose trade is coextensive
with the South and Southwest. These houses
are thoroughly reliable and trustworthy, and
are well and favorably known by all dealers
in the South.
In leather and shoemakers' fadings the
house of J. H. Ryan & Co. stands pre-eminent
in its specialty. It gives us pleasure to call
attention to this strong and well known firm
whose vast business has been built up by strict
integrity in dealing and good treatment of its
army of ecstomers.
The house of Cannon & Byes, wholesale
dealers in millinery goods, is an example of
gret successu earned by fair dealing and
the strictest attention to business. The fre
quent change in styles never catches Mr.
Byers napping. By long experience and
perfect management the shelves and counters
of this model establishment are always laden
with goods of the latest fashion, and there
never seems to be a strain to work off an over
stock of unseasonable goods. Purchasers may
rely upon getting the latest styles at the low
est possible prices, and that an order will re
ceive the same scrupulous attention as if the
purchase was made in person.
HAND AND POWER MOLDING MACHINES FOR
METAL CASTINGS.
Messrs. Aiken and Drummond are pat
entees and proprietors of a moulding machine I
which received the medal of honor at the re- I
cent French Exposition. They have pre
pared a circular explaining its merits, which f
is addressed to manufacturers of brass, gray
and malleable castings.
TO THE LADIES.
We most earnestly advise ladies who desire s
a pair of shoes or gaiters, to go to J. M. Dab
ney & Co's. You will secure a neat fit at e
a low price, and will be in every way satis- -a
fled with the purchase. Mr. J. M. Dabney is a
remarked as one of the most honorable gentle- e
men in Louisville. His genial, sunny temper d
and pleasant manners have made him a host f
of friends.
We also call their attention to the card of 11
Mrs. Jennie Richards' Ladies' Purchasing a
Agency. This lady is thoroughly trust
worthy and an excellent judge of goods. La- b
dies in the country will find it to their inter- a
est to secure her services. g
W. M. JONES.
The above named gentleman has earned an
enviable reputation as a Main street com
mission merchant. His high honor is beyond
all reproach, and his sterling integrity is a
part of his solid business capital. Consign- t'
ments can be made to Mr. Jones with the o
positive certainty that he will do the very
best he can for the consignor every time. '
B. MATHEWS. I
This gentleman has the artificial limb trade
of the South in his hands. He is scientific
and thoroughly upright. o
D. P. BENNETT.
This house has supreme control in two
specialities-fine parlor furniture and mat
tresses. They supply dealers who have the p
choicest and most fastidious trade all through
the country. Their mattresses have already t
made a very high reputation. Mr. D. P.
Bennett is on the road most of the time.
Dealers will fnd him to be a gentleman in o
culture, and thoroughly posted in his busi- ,
ness. f,
GILMORE, HITE & CO. I
The river trade of the West is under many v
obligations to this go-ahead, honorable house. a
They are always up to the times, and sup- S
ply all the needs of their customers with
speed and fidelity.
J. F. WHITE & CO.
This concern is the Market street great re- i
tail dry goods house. Mr. White is a gentle- i
man of infinite experience in his line, and a
his lady purchasers reap the reward of his b
shrewd skill in buying by getting bargains t
from him which can not be equalled in the
city.
INTERESTING TO THE LADIES.
One of the most enterprising and prosper
ous business men of Louisville is the ladies' a
man, B. F. Fitch, who has now one of the t
largest and most elegant store-rooms in the
city. From a small beginning in ladies'
goods a few years ago, he has gradually grown f
to a position that is second to no merchant in
Louisville. The ladies all over the southern
country know him as an extensive dealer in
ladies' goods, such as are enumerated in his
advertisement in this paper. Persons desiring
goods in his line may order by mail with the
assurance of being suited and receiving full e
value for their money.
We can not close the sketch of houses vis
ited by our representative without referring
to th'e largest wholesale and retail dry gdods
establishment in Louisville--8. Barker & Co,
familiarly known as the
NEW YORK STORE.
This house has for many years been known a
to Southern people through its order trade, in I
which department it far surpasses any two s
bouses in that city. Orders for every kind of
goods in their line are received daily from all
the States between the Ohio river and the '
Gulf. A glance at their mail is sufficient to
give one a conception of the immense extent
to which the order business is carried. Here f
is a letter from a modest young girl in G(eor- t
gia, who, with many a blush, confides to the
firm the facet that she is about to be married, t
and inquires the price of a wedding trousseau. b
Another, from a matron, incloses a half dozen 8
samples of goods, with an order for a bill of "
goods. She is an old customer of the house,
and writes briefly and to the point. The v
letters,duly registered, are handed to the super- P
intendent of the order department, and the
goods selected. Many letters contain re
quests for samples of late style dress goods, t
all of which receive prompt attention. The b
store on a pleasant day presents a gay appear- d
ance, crowded, as it almost always is, by the j
beauty and fashion of Louisville.
The silk department presents so many at
tractions for fashion's votaries that, in order
to afford standing room for the throng of cus
tomers, it was found necessary, the last sum- a
mer, to build a large addition to the store for t
this trade. In it is a dark room, lighted by
gas, to show the effect of gaslight upon party
silks. s
The cloak department is on the second I
floor, a large portion of which is devoted to I
this line of goods. Every conceivable kind
of wrapping, from a zephyr shawl to a fur I
cloak, are to be found in this immense stock,
and it may well be imagined that this room
also is an attractive one to the ladies.
The New York Store is par excellence the
most fashionable dry goods establishment in t
Louisville, and has few equal in the Missis
sippi valley.
TaH saddest words of tongue or pen,
" I'm going to pay, but I can't tell when."
--[Yonkes OuGaetta .
r. GEMS OF THE PHOTOGRAPHIC AR.
d The beautiful exhibit of fine photogsphs
rs made by Washburn is one of the most atlact
n ive features of Fourth avenue. The pitures
-e are all made from negatives taken at hisgal
r- lery in the regular course of business, ad are
y faithful representations of the work nade
r- every day by this well-known artist.
The soft gradations of high lights witblbad
e ows, producing the most delicate blendng of
half tones, is the result, not of accident, out of
a skillful management of light and of atistic
posturing of the subject. In a word, itis the
result of knowledge, without which noartist,
e either with the camera or the brush, cal hope
to produce portraits worthy of the name.
It seems almost unnecessary to call bhe at
i tention of our readers to the work of an artist
r who has so long stood at the head of the pro
fession.
A few days since a group of ladies were
3 seated in the parlor of a gentleman, whose
wife is in Europe, when he entered and hand
. ed them a large sized photograph of his
" absent wife. The picture was received with
i exclamations of delight. "How perfect in
every lineament," said one, and "How softly
do the shadows blend with the light upon the
free," said another. "O)ne can see at a glance
that this a f reisrn icture- our artists never
learn to produce such perrect ,enecuIIcs u, fil
and shade," said a learned connoisseur.
"Where was it made, aMr. D.?,' "At Wash
burn's," said the gentleman, suppressing a
smile, "and I am sending it to her, as she can't
get one in London that pleases her."
H4,-~ ---
"PURE WATER."
What is more desirable than pure water?
Why should we use impure water from a foul
well or cistern when we know how essential
to health pure water is, and when the means
of removing the impurities are within the
reach of all? Among the industries of Louis.
villo is one for the manufacture and sale of
the " Mayfeld Water Elevator and Purifier"
-not the machine invented in 1871 by Dr.
Isaac Mayfield, of Mayfield, Kentucky, but
one having all the merits of the original and
the improvements that inventive genius have
devised and added to it.
We would call the attention of thoughtful
people to this invaluable machine. We have
examined into its merits, and pronounce it to
be the most valuable invention of the age for
the purpose for which it was designed--the
production of pure drinking water. We
believe the Elevators are manufactured at
other points, but the facilities for manufactur
ing, and the superiority in point of workman
ship of the Louisville machine, renders it the
favorite wherever used. Messrs. Browning,
Losey & Co., 153 West Market street, Louis
ville, Ky., on application will send circulars,
price list, and terms to agents. Agents
wanted to lease territory throughout the
South.
INSURANCE..-W call attention to the ad
vertisement of the Royal Insurance Company
in another column. This company has the
largest net surplus of any company in the
world, and does business with our Southern
agents. The managers for the South are Bar
bee & Castleman, of Louisville. In Kentucky
the company does a third more business than
any company in the State, and its business
here is evidence of its popularity everywhere.
"WE ARE ONE I"
This is the title of a new book, one of the
most readable and pleasantly interesting books
that has been published for many years.
It is a story that takes one from the flower
fields of Alabama, where we seem to drink
the fragrance, to the magical twilights of the
far North, where the falls of Minnehaha
(laughing water) gladden nature; and from
the snows of the grand old White Mountains
to the slope beyond the foot-hills, away to the
great ocean. There are many beautiful
glimpses of the land we love, North and
South. It is a pleasant story of pleasant peo
ple, with a little of the evil of human kind, a
tragedy, a great deal of nobility and broth
erhood. It seeks to plant flowers on the graves
where sleep those we have lost:
"Under the blossoms, the blue;
Under the garlands, the gray.
Under the sod and the dew, * * *
Waiting the judgment day
Love and tears for the blue,
Tears and love for the gray."
We are first given to look upon the love I
that a good, brave man evinced for a frail.
sweet wife, that holds "the span of her short
life in her hand and sees to the end." This
spiritual woman has a noble mother and broth
er and a sweet sister, nappy in her own little
family. There is another family around
which centers much of the interest of the
story-a mother and son and daughter, true
and noble in heart and mind as they are in
physical proportions. This group forms the
Southern element. The two young men are
fast friends after long asso-iation, faithful each
to the other in promise and performance. In
the eourse of events these families meet, and
"At eleven o'clock 'good nights' were said and
two families were one-the Northern heart
had absorbed the Southern heart, and the an
gels bore the news to the ramparts of heaven,
while the sentinel at his post proclaimed, 'It
is well !'" After this there are many beauti
ful days and dreams and cruising in pleasant
waters. There are happy meetings and bitter
partings, where a subtile pain is hid beneath
a smile, and, too, where hearts ache and tears
flow.
Running through all the story is a golden
thread of pathos, tender with peatlly tears,
because of the fair, sweet loved one whom
death has taken by the hand and is slowly
leadming away from the glad, bright life she
had planned; yet so beautiful to her is her
journey that we only seem to see her going
.home.
There is another death, where the soul goes
out in darkness-a tragedy, terrible in its re
ality. There is convicting circumstantial
evidence that leaves no doubt in the minds of
the community as to the identity of the mur
derer. The case is apparently hopeless, and
the grief of those who love him is deep. At
this crisis comes the friend-almost brother
and labors untiringly for him, until, amid the
profoundest silence, he said: "If your Honor
please, and gentlemen of the jury, in view of
these facts,I move that my friend, your friend,
our Southern friend, , be discharged
from custody." "Cheer upon cheer rent the
air, and the old court-house was shaken to its
very foundation. Justice imied serenely
upon this demonstration of appro;ve~s', and the
recording angel echoed itin heaven.'\ "How
fickle is popular opinion I A single strote of
the pen, the utterance of one thrilling sen
tence, may be suffcient to enroll a name on
the immortal page."
When first issued the price of this book
was $1.50, but having had a large run, it may
now be had for $1, sent by mail to 8. L.
Ewing & Co., publishers, Louisville, Ky.
ae-Correspondents would confer a favor
upon the advertisers by mentioning that
they saw the advertisement in this paper.
London & Lancashire
Fire Insurance Company
OF LIVERPOOL.
DEPARTM;EN
Managers.
Agents throughout the South.
Established 1840.
WM. SKENE & CO.,
MANUFACTURERS.
LAMPS, CHANDELIERS, LANTERNS,
OILS, FERTILIZERS, AXLE
GREASE, &C. 0
OrFc : 153 W. Main St., LO' ISVILLE, KY.
3 FACTORY : 177,179,1, l 1 3. 115& 17 lligh Ave.
D. H. BALDWIN & CO_.
Jianos and Organs, Decker Brothers' Pianos,
Valley Gem Pianos, Estey Organs.
- Mat(chless in tone, incomlnarable in workman
ship. A large wholesale a ld retail stock of these
celebrated instruments now open at No. 80 Fourth
street, Louisville. Pianos rented until paid for.
Send for illustrated eatalogue and price list.
D. If. I'ALDWIN & CO.
W. M. JONES,
1eneral Commission Morchant,
Dealer in
Agricultural implements and Seeds,
zo5 W. Main Street, LOUISVILLE, KY.
S. L. EWING. G. C. KNIFFIN
S. L, EWING & CO.
General Advertising
SACENTS,
120 Green St., Courier-Journal Bnil~ing,
LOUISVILLE, KY.
J. G. MATHERS,
Tower Palace Carpet House,
150 W. Market Street, bet, Fourth and Fifth;,
LOUISVILLE, KY.
aWIf you are interested in improvements in
SHome Corn Mill and Cotton Gin Drivers the new
circular of the Faught-Deering
BARN AND GIN HOUSE
CENTRAL BUPPORT HORSE POWER
will interest you. Ask one bypostal card addressed
Faght-Dee gPlantation Machine Works, Louis
rille, Ky. Cheap Transportation.
McGILL & TRUMAN,
SDEALERS IN
t SEEDS andl FARMING IMPLEMENTS,
WHOLEBSALE AT FACTORY PRICE8.
SAvery,Meikle, and Bichmond Plows,
bSouth Bend Chilled Plows,
Kitohell Parm Wagons, Pumps,
t Corn 8heller., nCutting Boxes, Etc.
r 90) Main St., LOUISVILLE, KY.
I SUTCLIFFE & OWEN
AND
SSutcliffe, Owen & McCready
Jobbers of Boots and Shoes
Sand manufacturers of Ladies',
U Misses' and Children's Fine
o Sewed Shoes.
r 987 Vest Main Btreet,
LOUISVILLE, KY.
W. T. PYNE & BRO.
SMILL-W1IGHTS
KND
MILL FURNISHERS.
Mills, Factories, &c., built by Contract or
otherwise.
e A large assortment of new and second-hand
SMachinery keptin stock. Illustrated Circular and
Price-list furnishrd on application.
F Omce, 487, Wareroonims, 435 and 437 "'
e Main street, bet, 11th and 12th, .~ntueky.
SLouisville, -.
SASK O
A ositive cure fo.appedl Hands and Face, also
STsbeyhad E" "i ROBS3NHAM x CO.,
. b r. 4th Avenue and Jefferson St.,
* Prie 25c. LOUISVILLE, KY.
THE ' GALT HOUSTE
Is Being Entirely REFITTED and REFURNISHED.
PRICES REDUCED-Full Board and large HANDSOMELY FURNISHED Single
Rooms Three Dollars per day. J. W. A LM Y. Manager.
J. II. RYAN. W.N. WAT.UN.
J. H. RYAN & CO.,
lManufacturers and Dealers in all kitd- of
SHOE AND SADDLE LEATHER,
El Shoe arid Curriers' Tools, Best Tanners' Oil.
No. 255 West Main Street, one door below Seventh,
.. LOUISVILLE, - - - - - KENTTTCKY.
- IiJCOUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
.I
S VERY'S CELEBRATED CAST AND STEEL PLOWS,
N BLACK LAND PLOWS, WALKING CULTIVATORS, DOUBLE SHOVELS, &c.
Are sold by responsible merchants in every town. Farmers should send us their names and address
on a postal card, for which we will send our large illutrated sheet, with full information, free of cost.
The Beet Plows are the Cheapest. Address,
B. F. AVERY & SONS, LOUISVILLE, KY.
JOLE P. MORTON & CO.
SBOOKSELLERS, STATIONERS,
AND BLANK BOOK MANUFACTURERS.
A Full Assortment of
Holiday and Juvenile Books,
Bibles and Prayer Books, Photograph Albums, Writing Desks
Work Boxes, Card Cases, Inkstands, Papeteries, Games, Al
phabet Blocks, and all the novelties of the season. Orders
promptly and carefully Filled.
156 and 158 West Main Street,
We manufacture a e variety of Plows, suited to every kind of soil aEd work, all of Mr. Brinl'
GENTS' AND LADIES' SHOES MADE TO ORDER.
150 FOURTH AVENUE, Between Green and Walnut.
THE SOUTHEIR3N
Mutual Life Insurance Company
LOTISVILLE,_
Issues policies on all approved forms, and managed by well known business men as Directors,
under the rigid insurance laws of the State, examined personally by the Insurance Commissioner
and approved.
Assets One Million Dollars, with an Increasing
Surplus Exceeding $170,000.
Its policies, by their terms, are made to continue in force for such time as three-fourths of the
reserve will carry them, or choice of paid-up policy for defnite amount given, after payment of three
annual premiums. Time of extension and amount of paid-up insurance printed on the policy
For information address
J. B. TEMPLE, L. T. THUSTIN, 8.Y . WILSON. ""
President. Secretary. General P
," LOUISVILLE, KY..D SASH WEIIHITS s tUhe
]HARDWARE MERCIHANTS shoaldl purchase MACHINE M'o rough, crooked weight made by
ae hre the onlyperfet weight in the market, and are sold as chZeRUMMOND,
, JIK'- LOUISVILLE, KT.
- Main Street, between Twelfth and Thirteen'
W . rOUTCH,
RIJDING AND VISITIONG CARD
nEno p er, Stationer and Printer.
No. 179 Fourth Avenne, Libraryo Building,
.4 LOUISVILLE, KY.
Wedding and Party Invitations, Visiting and Business Cards, Monograms, Cresto, Ete
kEngraved and Printed in the latest style, and at reasonable prices.
utAR.lDNER anc CO.
WI-IOLES.A-LEn
TOBACCO AND TEAS
. No . 205 ain Street, LOUISVILLE, KY.