iert ih ialnotn 9f Any Conntry Paper
Ino the Stat..
,DA II CO4IRO1E, *- E,:'roR
Veaneamlde 5tamb t Ias Wr rnhUi
AP .C be . pen *a Ce aka.M nd Govi
' -iu..Te tepadllism Party's luaidl*
S, e ,~alhm94ite Upom the Iimits of
e.j agtitiUoa-JIge A'aPltloeset theTow.
4 4* CoapragLed.
erfnor SeymotIr rectly delivered a
lifiti addrets to bhb ftllow-townatmen of
ae; . Y., from which we make the fol
lownlg ,,tracts, regretting that want of
spac will not enablle uas to give in full the
Wopv ,f wiedom that fell front the lips of
t'old man eloquehlt." overtnor deymotur
aid:
p, II pt iol l,o forlOtten that this (overn
tel' i14 longe, r $itra silea nuichti!ry It wl
Sthe ,ril'" dtays of t le Kepublic. Tihe
b-colil' ' Yf Alerll1tit cIA over. f'he Interests
the ko0vnil'ct haue )to heal with art nolong
aC th'e .f a sIaill uhmrliher of agrictlturail
-..in •itla. with hlwe landl therl. a conuner
*il town". They irc thle interests of nearly
Sl5 til4lonll ,i peopks spredt over animA
iul .u'if:iec, wtlt ocutpations, ptursuits
dl lidtlrll's ef idlssl variety and great
wgiulilde; ltarge t' itic with 'entlentts (of pop
Ulatla ~n tourly known here ll the early (laYS,
"l lll (he prednlicing asplrations ant hii
II1 so pilhlii, PowerTiul laid eoniplhcicule
i tuiP minrtrle, lnt io aon imtily appalllinl
I he nVi tlllrlinwnt rlihttallcy or wronlgfrli1y,
t ,a 1 rrlqillllleinit' - of stilterliUatlushtlp l.
iled In tbi tse are far dilferent from
which su~€filet a centtli r ego."
t * a r it nre my Words. If Ilhad itttredt
:m it 5cldll be felt Ulat I Wia imlaktll aI
kc e charlge againaL the Adlini.trtition.
iril thi staiteiiimlet5 ipit foIrth by onic of
htcfl'Icrlul llWpt. l ll Irkflii lili ea .lpallCiC(
rg l oa|+, who ,|peiks fromhs xeiec
laemo rrof the Clainet, and an oneI who
iuerlly laa a seat in the luSenate. Thls dee
ion imde by Mr. Sclhurttisolleinlci4 har*.
. Is will be so viewed in other countrles,
l illi rejlice the enemnllcs ofJ our Uovern
y wile. I mIoltIllen the American people.
spedl'lh frl wlheh thie.lr atrues wasl tauenI
iam Iit as al le ading olie in this canvas
p i1 view ot flireeltnillt dissnlsiols. It was
aled with ipplaise y site louirlmle oif the
anUi iparty, and by the lending meau
js ltltin orgtanthiiton, I.ts startling declh
foroe -aI oar ndtiId!s the (uestlIonis:
, e disorders, the telpnlilttlon5, aiil the
stjon which press our uovernienat due
haracter ulnidaetlrlicttla, or to ithe mnan
inwhlich it t mbttlniilbtsterld? o othler
*, p I~e s grayve or so nrgent is involved ill
dendIll oitonteat. If it tI true that the dif
tatin llnthe wa l of ant honuest conlduct of
affirs lite so rIllt that there ri.wst be
Iuleyrliaitlelttiois for the I'reuldency of the
Sldsedhtaltes than those ofl intelligence, Ihon
ua.ynd patriotlfm; if our tkovernenlt cani
0 be acriled oni by an exceptional lman,
Wlliimay not always le at oureotlalinand, then
whnve nnderlone a revolution. When we
g. sold lhit a statemaln is essential in the
eDlillon of oIu aljfiLrs, it diturbs lour mindls
p when we aret told that it physician of un*
aual s~kilrl i nit iled iu our lutliles. It tmeans
dineabe ld (lnger. They lare luaaully the
ae we healer but a little while before the
lape upon oir d1oor1 intores our neightbors
o.the and result. II our 4.1vtlrnllntllh iF 50 tn
amhbered with the eonilton growing out of
Illultblla fpeople and howr varied inter
anul pnriis, It is clear that when that
-. ISaion witlln th lIfetlllioe of inany before
Lihll hatve grown to one hundred niillion
4i th e pon pltltetlI interests of olur oelluntry
a mulpllpielod fourIold, tat our Giovernminet
ag pd be overwhelnmedl or Ithere nltst be
d a1Irldreforminn its conduct. This is not a
,les, o0 uncertals tlngll er. It lsone that we
,DIiatiOnrllt now; It tileaidy tales our in.
itand eiixdangers our pro.isLurity.
, (tWl J113 It) Io llE CONssTIUTION.
,:, ,lth. state ft affairs Idue to the structure
f oar (overumentt,or to they way it ha been
idliInlereni4? It is nolt necessary at this
tfI that we perplex oarnelveewith qglestilos
bet the way onl CIonstitutton was qdopted.
:W d tker f loasnfeyl by a compaict betwee
1k, ,lates, or by the people ol States, or b)
p in their pnlualry individual ca
" I'JIY, a i enoiuih fIr our puLrpose that It is
, lumnhble bondof unionl that it imakes a
ia (lovernment, and it recognists the
,,r llhs of States anmd o person; thaL allthese
; f" sqIaly saredtt; tle tlssolution of tile
N ,Urrl i etrtlon of States, uIsurpation of
me o,.llr the wlping ont of lines wnhch limlt
tla respeetive juriadiclioNs, would ealic be
hq lrevllaalionary and tdislstro's. Wheni
Ith e Ctonstitutilon we lild it miakes tint
it eobnervative tsovernment in el~ttence;
Snaoneny other systern,1I uptoreetst lie
Qipeuonsad el a nd let.. It mI ii
ioat withl etartftul ternlatlie jurslietltn of
. It gives to each citazm-l rights of
' , of property, of eollncience, tlnd of
be welllgalnrdedtl that I single man ay,
ietlu'd to themll, dely the oveurinmeit
hit mary act under the iupul.es o[
R t zenbot itmelf. It pliic(e thle resi
and Utalgres.t, and States under the ,u
iioii ,it.b, Jhl itry. This Lbto act as
rl t aer Lteltween them, and Iupon
awhich eoncern the jurindtlictIon
SIt of either. Tbs method of de.
.- agu d seearing thie rilghtsof alldepart.
't l  Aerties of tshe people, is nn
Le n tlhe-world's niatory. roen
d o What t calls its constlta
d the protection Whteh is
Litseas, PIarliamuent can, if
loylife,Uberty and prop.
wer to reiest its decreers.
Is but as litnstruaient to
bowever destruetlveof
, coaaitationakpriaeiples.
lttional law is a dead law.
Til SlHID'rPtmLICAUs.
s vtrptiosauda nbuase whehlch
I~rIsales as rse the
le Jt.-mwibllemm ith
'Wiasare I1 N dolog who
wi4 tth the dties ofl ad
seek to hold powew?
as thattiBemthodeof those who
andl ~ nofrUbPt the
tate, tahe aueenr[
its w en t re . ln thl first
dtbelllpobCla Iiulm¢
el t inhe Con I
~"aeat ol %rdsue the-it
.. ~ abut heiw eilin that it
I lmaes leal ishould do
* chatn i the chirecer ol our
pl ab uou llnl he i
Ai tat lt whic·hIl
titltlain o t-- hhl -~l'rIet .
la the eant as m o that
I * places ae Senators o1r
or ioamn oettons
IPinsetAel I btriatir Iorna of
tiIlRa,alu, Was to
mieldl  webytakIng~ frm
home highs They
i i i e-l m em me eakin
Qb sc. . dermae a ndi
Ill mlell! Gess~e asi tivmnlnete
s eth
ecrapres..bhsn
ilit i la ute tah
wantt  , e, Ib me stue of
d .is ,e ejlo. tonsee thia donetn a
!!I li'llil rULnuld wll ie rrnli
llllllillllllolYu lbor llk midI t.
iiew _, all dbass . of
w ac d ithe
e slatzlsssehiveb was sib tmftted
We nhotiam Otherstmkumeu
- '  ' ,. e.1 -7'.l~tbl . n
tshutto eAotmeviss e po:ers
bptarIahatew t sa. one toere
~to
The ces
I tth hafr -
sp here, vlulis.
era d
for
han~e.~ anyrt W en.
"Wereo
95IS hD5 3laudth ta toers
at s
an su
es si'
weal mmd
it view of the state of afain from that giv a
en by his colleague. He dwells upon the busit.
nesss prosperity of our country. Overlook- .
Ing the indlustry of our people, the favorable
tsans no that have rewarded their labors with
Sampttle harvests, the demand for our products 4
fromt other countries, he claims for the Ad
nuinLstration the gratitude of our p('op)le for i
all their blessings. I have no unkindly feel. 1
Ing for Mr. Shermtan; I regret that he does r
hhnimself a wrong when he is t
UNGkISTIUL TO GOD t
aIadunjust to the laborers of the land. It is I
not the statesmanship of the Cabinet, but the I
stataslnarship of the plow, blessed by a fruit
ful seasop, that gives Us our growing wealth.
Not the skill of the Treatury Diepartment, but
of nlechallnics and manufacturers, that make
I he spraigs of our prosperity; not thie talk In
Sonllress, but thie toil of labor in all its varied
fields. In another respect he does himself a
wrong. lie does not warn our people of the
danger which the change of seasous may t
I nake. Hle does not, as he should, aldmonish
them that ait this time, when nonevy is abuntnl
ant, men should throw off the burdtens of
debt and extricate thenmselves from positions
of peril it times sihoutl d change. liee teaches
the false and mischievous doctrine that gov
e erment policies, uand niot honest toil and frti
gal care, that the schemes of the brain, not
the sweat of the brow, give competence to
men. Much has been said about the absurdity
of fiat money. iHow munch more absurd are
Mr. lSherman s teachings of fiat prosperity. In
this direction Mr. Sherman outstrips Dennlis
Kearney.
NATO'ON..tLIS W.
The points most consplcuous in the speech.
es and journals of the Itepublican party are,
first, that tisl. is a Nation, and next, this ele
tion is a contest between the Northern and
Southern States, In which a victory' will be a
great gain to the former party. We charge
that the dentutnciatiolns of the south are used
to mask their designs toge jurisdiction over
all the Union, and nmainly over tihe interests
and people of the North, as they are the most
important and varied; tlat the itera Nation is
selected bectuse it i is a word of obscure and
indehfinite meaning, and if it is substituted for
the legal and proper title of tovernment, it
will enable them to make changes in lt8 char
acter hurtful to the rights of the ieople and
disastrous to the prosperity of their business º
and induistrial pursnits; that the mischieft It
will create will not I, tfor the remote future, s
but that they are pressing upon us now, and
will he left in their full force tront this tite
on unless they are averted by the results of
the pending elections.
It isaitnarked anli consipicuous fact in the po.
Iitical fi;cuissoans tthe past four years that the
Republican leaders have sought to bring into
use the words Nation and Nationalism when
Sspeakingof our country. These have bee-n
Iheretotore used without tiny special sgliti-i
cance,. us terms generally applied to different
divisions of the hulman race into coommnunitie-s
governed by some forms of law, atnd iln this
aanse we have used them to avoid the repeti
tion of the term Union, United states,or Giet
eral tiovernmltnnt. tIut they aItve now Iec'onme
the shibboleths of the Itcltiblicnlt party and
of all who have schelies for which they wish
to gain public sapport at the seat of
r Government. While the meni who use
tise ts teans neverJ ine theim. their very oh
setrilty serves the purpose of covering their
u timate objects, anti a tae snnue time allow
in all who have political tlheories iconsistent
with our Constitution to feel that they favor
their views. In its primary sense the word
Nation means those of conmmlon origin, and
applies most aptly to tile stnaller divisions of
tribes or of those of common lineage. In this
more correct signitltance it is certainly not
e applicable to our country, whose population
is made tip of mlixed races from all lutarters
, of the world. In its snore conunon use it sig.
nifies political divisions, rallging fnron the
f lowest to the most elevated political organi
zation. When, therefore, it is said we are a
t Nation, the term gives no idea of the charac
ter of our own toverntpent,but it leaves ev.
n ery one to infer what he pleases of its signiti
cance.
olusCUR AND UNSIEAANINO AS I ,
e It was adopted with the solemnitty of a Con.
a gressional resolution, as a term which told of
e the power of our gieneral Gevernment. In
1. 77 a resolution was offered which deolared,
uamong other thilngs, that the people of the
United States constitute one Nation. All of
the t lepubitetn nmembers voted for this, as if
e it threw some light upon the character of our
Union. So far is it from doing this that it
simply tends to make that obscure which was
elearlpy dQ.In our Co}titutio tthere is
StintreU' the woris United ates, the
nion, tile Geteral tovernment, wlh is in
conflict with the purposes of Mr. Garfield and
lhis friendd, They do not tell us distinctly
wbthat they aim at, but we tind that those who
a seet for more jurisdietion use the term Na
tlon,or Nationality, whenever they )ave oc
caston to speak of the Jurisdiction at Wash.
i, igtoan. We always tlndthatthe men who use
the word-a-id many like Senator Blaiue love
to call it a Sovereli"p Nation-are inq favor of a
different constrton of theConstittion than
bhas heretofore prevailed. Mr.Garflild openly
.states this when he says that the views held
by Mr. Hamnilton are growing in strength, anti
he rejoices that ouriGovernment Is gravitating
to more power. We find, too, that thet favor
tihe plans of that dtlstingnishtett st.tesainat of
gailnlngjnlrislictionby co"instiructlonspnt upon
the word!s of the tionstitution. As they do
, not ike, lit this monlent, to develop nill their
plans, whith would excite alarm particularly
ait the No,rth, to mask their purposes andt to
divert attention by exciting passions and
r' lerjudtces, they use the word as far as they
ae in eonection with sectional controver
a sies, so that it may be felt they only have In
Sview the strengthof the Union. It is this idea
which gives their phrasles a measure of favor
with the Iepubilcan party. They also take
Sgreat pains in their discussions to carry the
i dea that Nationality means something favor-t
_ able to the Interests of the lbrh. We charge
that the purposes of the Regablican leaders
A. ru IN CONvLICT WITH THreni CONSTITUTIOf
that they endanger the peace, the order, at(
Sthe safety of the Union. They draw to the
SNaional Capitol hordeseof men who hvenielf
, Ish and corrupt objects, who tempt otclahs to
Stiolate titlty flom motives of ambition and
greed for gold. They impair the interests and
.moaeriYof edtffremntectlons oft our Union,
h by iw s framed by men ignorant upon the
Ssubect upon which they act, antid by legsla
h tlio not only in conflict with the letter of the
o C(omtintion but rih it prllit and the genius
I of all our politieal ianstitutions, both local and
Sgeneral. have already briefly sketched the
ouihestoay no flatares of the so'atitutlon. I
e he, set lfat i thie Ilngeuas ob Mr. soehn,
the evils which now prevail about the Capi.
Stol, rowl o~Mt of the various and eompu:
Scateda eets whiseh are Improper yerried
there for leglislation. I have states that te
elepubtlea leaders seek to increase this evil
s ate of thing_ by wtdenlag the uuadletioo
tion, the growth of all its abusness te 
so fatr hfar giving st greler urtty.,
only reste morn e mpieation, more r*o
Ser.morediftcultes, e eharge that those
i t6 eek covertly Ib brlin taboatthesne ,sult
are animated by selfsh purposes of amhltlD,
love of peow, or lust ot gare, which make
ehe a le sto f etn consequenes it
h itey em t Aa6bw eet of their desires.
IGood Rpubleatrna s, we pray y dou
nt at IanduIa In seestonal hates; but if you will
be led into such warfare at least look and see
Sthat yesu are to staer nmre than those you
seek to linjare. Do not shut yougr eryeato tohe
r faet that, while the advocates of Nationaity
have much to gaai, you have much to lose by
Yths4rp . flp4 ht are, talklng
a a3 cosrIs? wrn ra n so8rm 1s A
t . , 1tZrUpsl5Ul ,
t under cdter of which you are warred uponD
SIt must not he thought that the change
L tioMnwihtch theymnasa to t upon them, re.
L .. .r.,ire-n too aum ta es;d reelote to be
Soft immediate eoeern. Th~ey afeet us now.
s They not only threaten but work disastrons
st results to the commeree of our country, totbe
to interests of the farmers of the Western State
4 and tothe busainese prosperity of the wio
of eounUt. We nmow thatciheap tranporta(tls
t Ib Ifted of business
hort time sines
dwa fefS lrpsttffttf.'llabIiy to sendi
a what wem aend r to the of
of .&ththb ~ rib Thpuetsofthe
are ega o iudntrh do _ r from theo
oote o nt.reventteir sal; st
ra andmuan
YePC mompes with
r, produettia
* the markets whihb we seek to gain. A small
. faew years lncte,tbcu ahrges w ucih
s. .St whew eld mott htmtla h which
e we ean now sell at a ofit, Whoever will ex
f amine tje rates forr rl eilghtor tenyeas
_g agow iru hO b* theyt a of all ales ia a
LenWral after 4.*
 llwae of d d was
et He
5 hbasgrowut oifl taerse of
esoer subjetewblek en be moen wisesand;
r W OthUllk 4 dtilheatlesndb st
th oewe o the
4. teass i ns tie h
N eaU emah Io ~
Na
I.
~ .Welu.wm - umm.I'
sonsor for payment of Interest and principal
of the public debt. The expenses at Washing.
ton after makingthese deduction are,as near-*
ly as I can learn, more than twice the cost of
the thirty-right States of the Nation, yet Mr.
Garfield and other Republlcan otleials seek
more jut i-diction, more cost, more taxation
under the shadowy phrase of Nationalism.
They ask that they shall be intrusted with
more power, more patronage, a11l the dis.
trfilution of larger sums of money drawn from
the people in unequal proportions and by ex- N
pensive methods. 2:
THE POSITIONS OF GAlRFIELD AND HIANCOCKp
CONTILtSTED.
I beg our Republican friends to look at the e
attitude of JMr. Gartield with regardl to the et
Constitution, and see if it is one that show p
lyaity to its provisions. it is the charter of
our r:'hts ant liberties. Hle has on many oe
catsioll wort to uphold it. On the 4th of '
March next he will, as it Senator from Ohio,
take a s",Ilemn oath to suppolrt its provisions.
TliseSetate wts organited to assert and(t de.
tend the letter and its spirit. ID).es ths con
duct of Mr. Gartleld accord with the-.#, oaths?
lie avoids the use of the titles it gives the a
Governlment. These were selected to showits b
character and object. lie uses in a markedl
way words the framers of the Constitution re
jeered, and shuns those they selected. What Ii
could be thought of a clergy men who should L
substitute for the grand, clear tones of the h
Bible, vague and unmeaning words which ob
scure the law of Christian life? Yet in this C.
way Mr. Garfield treats the law which makes ii
the life of our Union. In view of his efforts to
change the O(nntitution by substituting con
struction for its language, you doubt ifl i his it
oath of office, he swears for or at the Consti- ti
tution. You wonder what he seeks, which is
rebaked by tihe title of "United Stares," the h
"l'nion " the "General Governmlent." What o
leads him to dwell upon the words
"Nation" or "Nationalism," which are weak,
obscure and trivial? Let us see bow Mr. Gar
fheld looks at his interest and position. We latn
give his ideas almost in his own words when
he communes with himself. lelu says: " ltp I
to be a Senator from Ohio for ei years. Hfi'ft tt
ilton was right when he said that Senators
should hold for life. I am glad thati his opin
-ons grow in favor. lie did not like our Constl- a
tutiolk but said everything depended upon the
way it was construed. This heavy volume on
my table called the Civil List, shows the bt
names of more than seventy thousand men
paid from the Treasury. This does not in
elude the soldiers or satlors. *I am glad to
see we are gravitating toward more power.' p
The Senate, of which I am a member, gives (
most of these men their places directly or in
directly. They depend upon conflrmantion by C
us of the President's nominations. In view ti
of this fact, he usually sends in the names of
those we want. If he does not, we throw them
out. While large numberbt of those in the b
Civil List are not acted upon by our body, yet
as a rule they hold untler those we conlirm,
so they all look to us for supimaptI. If we can R
make the Civil List up to a hundred and fifty C
thoustand, we shtll be able to hold our places
for life. The thinugs most in the way are thi.
words of the Constitution. I have thought 0
much about them. John Quincy Adams once
wrote some poetry in which lie put in the
mouth of Mr. Jefferson these lines: 8
"' If we can not change the things 2
I swear we'll change their name, sir.'
"'The troublesome terms in the iUnistitn
I tion are the 'United states' the ' Union.' It
They tell of States and otherrfghts tlhe those c
controlhed by Congress. I do not like the
words General Government, as ittells of other
Governmnents andl States; there are some c
terms such itas Nation and National, which
those who made the Cobnstitution would not
have in it. They were kept out by unaniamous
vote. They are vague and do not show whvat
is meant by their use. I want thewm for the
very reason that led the Convention to strike
thetlout. If we get our people to, use them a
t they will (ill into the habit of lookingto other
tGovernments than our own for usages and
laws. We have got this practice under way.
In 1~ad6 all our party in the Ilouse of lRepre
sent dtives voted for it solemn resolntion that
ours was a Sovereign Nation. We all wore
grave faces when we did this. It taught us al t
I much about our Government as if to show the
a prerogatives of the President we had with
equal solemnitv declined that lie was an indi
vidual. The world is full of nations. There 1
f are many htundtreds of them,of all kinds, from
I the Sandwich Islhtats up to the Russian Eim
i pire. Their habits and usages range from
I those of the King of Dahomey, who kills a
s few men each day for his health's sake, to
a those of the Queen of England, who leads the 1
quinet life of a good woman. There is nothing
Slant Nations do not do in the way
I of law-making, and no one can
define their character as a class. The word
a Nationalism has diferent meanings to differ- .
eat men. In due time, if we are firmly seated
in power, we can tell the public what we I
mean by it; our definition will be that we 1
want more jurisdiction for Government; this
means more cost for more men to do more
t duties. The additions thus made to officials I
Swilt give to S nmators more power, patronage
and wealth. 'I will use these words, Nation
I and National, as often as I can. I will strew
I them through all my speeches and letters.
They are now the shaibloleths of our party,
and of all who have schemes before Conuress.
T They sound well, and many think they lift its
nup to a higher rank as a people ,o be put in
the list of tribes and of barbarous or ultcivil
Sined Nations. But we nust take care that thei
people do not get ahltmat.d at the idea of more
cost and more taxes. We Ihave the most to
I fear from those of the rNorth, for in nine of
their great States there are more than half of
the people cf the Kation. But they have only
a eighteen Senators out of twenty-six. It was
unfortunate that we told them in debate that
r these States paid three-quarters of the taxes
Sleviedby Government. We must keep these 1
facts from their minds. We must stir up the
old hate of the South and make them feel thlat
Swhile Nationalism will help them, it will hurt
those in the Southern secrtion."
These plain words age you the theories of
Mr. Garfield and his friends about this elec- I
tion, and their plans for the future. What
they say and do shows you what they aim at.
SWill it not be wise on the part of the greatRe.
publican party to learn and think who will be
the victors and who will be the victims if they
have their own way in this election? If they
do not do this, they may fall into the trap set
for the people, and that we all shall feel that
Nationalism is a curse.
Turn from Mr.Gartleld's letter of aeceptance
to that of Gen. Hlancock. Hle bows to the de
erees of 'the Constitution. lie accepts its
teachings, he is imbued with its faith; its
terms to him are sacred; his earnestness
shines out in every line, and when he swears
to support the COpstitution in its letter and
spirit we know he means todoso. Thiosewho
formed It not only chose itaing words to tell
its meaning, but patriotism, like religion, has
its symbol. No l whiceh floate in the wind
of baven tells Mso munch as ours of the bhistory
and character of the Government it repre
seats. Its strpes recall the names of the
States which fought the battle which gave us
libert, and whch erowned their glorious
workb forming our Union. The States are
nu boy the stat weh glitter upon its
tlue eld. He who would strl eonestarfrom
its plaee or who would bleand or blur theas
symbels, so that they would tell only of ob·
sareNationaltsm, has latent treason in his
heart.
We are asked why we took a sldier for ear
standardtbearer. To whomnacawe intrust it
with m ore safey tban to one whobas had its
deep ad d signitdcance burnt into his
very belngby the ires of battle-fields?
There isnot a color upon its folds, there is
not a stripe upon its emblazoary, there is not
a star upon its azure ground, that hla.s not
Sbeen made sacred to him. Thle appeal Which
drew hlt and his fellow.soldiers from their
hemne to the mbattle-ield was to rally around
She ad trnpes ad to auhld the
i T make our hag an un
.i ea lntior; der will see tol that it re
Smains atrte emblemof the spirit of our Con
Sstitlation. By the people's vote Gen. HIaneock
r willbearthis standard on to vietoryla this
Scontest as he has heretofore done on the
bloody flelde of battle. I has learned fro I
p it the grand purnoses of the Constitution by
a teachings amid all the soles lessons ofL war
a strgglewas eed. e has learned the great
S of ahii t es ol
o Igace, ft antionl
y It w noew ehm by t opponents
a that we are nnsit when we place
* a soldier at the head of the Government.
t The propriety of doing this depends upon
Sthe charater of the tman and the nature of
thtO ee hvel O dad thehhlo obeef warg .
SThe1Iernsl o s fought olon r t ic f or s o
eot a ,mt or is baate ea sd enlv to
m ofmoe eer ambton, o gratfy oteh
sioldnohlyleslons of forcetand finolence. But
[ thoe who have daredtheperis of war to free
I theireountrJ of oppression, to gin for it an
SI ndependent Government, to resist hoatfie in
i vslotw_ootouphold It aaistreistaaee to
tlftrlglhtu auth-ority have their minds fill
r With Iatelleeat qualekeedbyal the dagers
and excitements of the strf see more
elry than othpr men theva m otobedlenae
Stolaws, andthe dutyof egal thins
for their eoantrys jood. 'It was in his school
a atherd the mind dty of
i ylqnia h do d syor 4 IprIvate
1(li a'hi Wi ~ MuNoilnra ra
,r crown aso Lewar Td s an eo a osn ly
k ia I
Siset dtire weevesy
'I
this
)* r
I A DEMOCURATIC ntTI' TIOn. p
An Immense te etieerPite DeeOamtratelmn ti
C-,e ('ii: y of 'w YOrk---|)Uer I.iO9 ])I!
In l.te Tln, I. h*nl t In 'ousitell-lI--A rsLt
rc .,n or'T,, t.ch'etI er-M--Speeches by Die- ti
tingiLachd j1es,lncsatc . a
'The united De)miyracy of New York n
held all immuenlse ratiiicationl meting in
New York City on the evening of the it
23d, which in all respects eclipsed all a
previous efforts in that direction by ti
either Democrats or Republicans. It is n
estimated that at least 150,000 persons n
participated in the4dcmustration, and of o
these fully 4.5.000 were torch-bearers. l;
i The meeting was held under the ans- o
pices of the Tamnmany Society. John Kel- fl
SIpresided, and Daniel Dougherty, the fi
man who nominated General llancock t
at Cincinnati, delivered an interesting fl
s but brief address. lie said the choice it
of the Cincinnati Convention was one o
t who had sealed his devotion to the e
a Union with his blood, who had proved tl
his fidelity to the Constitution when a
a clothed with absolute power, and who, a
in honor as in stature, proudly, emi- ti
nently stands as a tower. The nomi- o
9Itl ion, unlike that of Chicago, was not b
the result of man:Snement. Schemes o
had no hand in it. ft was a conviction ti
of conscience, an inspiration of patriot- N
ism. The nomination for the Vice- h
Presidency wits a tribute to a distin- o
Sguished citizen atnd to the gallant De- I
Smqiracy whose vote in October will be it
'tthe next harbinger of victory. .
August Behnont was the next speaker, "
and combated the idea that Democratic e
success was inimical to the country's in- .
terest. He denounced the reckless a
partisan spirit which could trifle with
the Nation's credit for seltish party P
purposes. He declared that the Amer- t
Scan voters recognized in General Han. n
y cock the great and successful hero in c
the darkest hour of our struggle; the t
M honest and upright citizen, without a c
e blemish of suspicion, and the patri a
whose acts and utterances place hi 1
among the foremost statesmen of our l
Y country. They know that he will sur- t
round himself with the tried champions (
t of sound principles on finance and Con
stitutional liberty, who will give a fresh
and vigorous impulse to our onward t
march toward greatnessanid prosperity, d
fostered by true Union and fraternal
love between all the sections of our
e common country. , J
SThe speech of Senator Bayard was
e chiefly devoted to controverting the al- t
legations contained in Senator Conk
ling's recent New York speech. He (
showed the fallacy of the claim that the <
Republican party brought about Re- 1
n sumption, and arraigned that organiza
a tion for its bigotry and sectionalism.
. Senator Hill defended the South from
the charge of rebelliousness, and said I
el that section fully and unreservedly ac
Li cepted the logic of events. He said
that it was not indebted to the Repub
lican party for the abolition of slavery f
e but to the Divine power which directs
1 human events contrary to human will.
a And, looking at the result and effect of
a this last revolution, he, as a Southern
man and a born slaveholder, lifted his
a voice to Him and said: " God of 'my 1
y fathers, I thank Thee." The Southern
rt people have been the most benefitd,
and are the most contented with the
e abolition of slavery. He had seen the
time when he would have given his life
to have prevented the abolition of 1
i slavery. ow he would give his life a
e thousand times to prevent its restora
tion.
S. The resolutions adopted aflirmed that
* the surest and most effectual way to I
9 reform the civil service was to elect
" honest and capable men to office; that
the Republican party, pretending to
Sfavor civil-service reform, while nomi
nating notoriously unworthy men for
I President and Vice-President, were
i guilty of hypocrisy; that the Repub
icans, by inciting sectional strife, were
s guilty of a crime against the Union;I
Sthat the re-united Demoeeracy of New
SYork pleded the vote of the Empire
rt State to the Democratic candidates, and
Sthat the Republican nominees are con
fessedly unfit and ought to be over.
wt helmingly defeated; and the Republi-.
Scan party was arraigned for its viola
Stions of the Constitution, its encour
Sagementof jobbery, and itssquandering
p ofthe public money. The resolutions
t wound up by rejoicing with the Fdion.
s lies of Maine, and cataloguing the re
Sforms which the Democracy proposes to i
Sestablish.
s There were asim overflow meetings in1
a the immediateneighborhood which were
Saddressed by Wade Hampton, who
a spoke of the "Solid South" and said
i that it was a monstrous falsehood that
r the term implied antagonism tothe
N North as charged by the Republic.
ans; by Samuel . . Randall, who di
es ussed the payment of Southern claims
Sand showed that the Fourteenth amend
, ment barred the payment of any elaims
* preferred by those na rebellion; and ly,
I Robert MN. MeLane, of Maryland. who
spoke at length upon the position occu
( piedbythe Demrcy durigthe war.
15 The Partlea ad the Tletets.
There ae many voters in the countr
t on whom party ties rest lightly. i
Selections are at hand. We ask toe
Svoters to eandidly, dispassionately,
e without prejudice, take a fall, long
look at the two parties and the two
. ticLkets in order to determine impartially
k which rt and which ticket is more
Sdqer rrWl eir.sepport in this elec
, ion. Iti reported that the illustrious
aoldier who was almost nominated for
e the Presidency at Chicago said of the
Snomination of General Hancock at Cin
cinnati that the nomination was excel
lent, but.he did o like the arty, that
rhad b talnated Hagoock. Whaever be
d the truth concerning this prt'that
Sjepti~ptq isthe lardec efublican
Sarguimenfidtia this canvasa. Unable to
Sattack the Democratic candidate, the
SRepublican managers attack the l)emo
4 cratiq party.
'. In any city on the globe that has
o stood maay years, the people that pass
i- along Its streets will notice here and
there the sign of a mercantile or bank.
e inghouase containing the statement:
" "Estaiblished in the year --." It is
regarded as a oldm topublicofladence
if a banking or commereial houise can
* point to the fact that it has existed and
Senjoyed publc conuidence for a long
s term of years. Firm names become
Svaluable with age, like some wines and
Ssome books. May not the antiquity of
sa p'litiegl party be important and
. empshatic an argument as tie antiquity
i of a bank or a coamerial flirm? Is not
a* the facet that eithr .bas been engaged
i. i buosanet a long time, Jln saophe sensme,
a tso the aldeto e of the jbic?
is h eemocritito sanelent
ospe Blp--b i' Itbeq with
thI orytl w h et the ep uliceonst
e$%*wA Itale. dIaur'
r* ethu 1patL domeoatiies not
ktheate h h
Democratio party tht has made the
power and gloryof the 1Republio among
the Nations of men.
'The one is the ancient party of the
Republic, old as the century, tested by C
time; the other is a brief and accident
al iparty. The one is the party of the
majority; the other is the minority
party. The one is the party that began
its career as an advocate of free speech,
a free press, and by opening its arms to
the alien; the ancestors of the other
made free speech sedition and de
nounced the immigrant as a foe. The
one is the advocate of the rights of a
laboring men; the other is the advocate c
of monopolies. The one is the historic
friend of the people; the other the
friend of privileged classes, of corpora
tions. The one is the party whose
fundamental principle is to exalt the
individual; the cardinal doctrine of the
other is to suppress the individual and
exalt the Government. The one is
the party of a Government simple
and small and gentle as the atmosphere
about us, strong in the affections of
the people; the other is the party
of a 'strongGovcrnment," made strong
by force against the will and the laws
of the people. The one is the party of
the Constitution; the other is the party
whose greatest leader boasted that its
legislation had been for years wholly
outside of the Constitution, and which
in twenty years has been guilty of more
infractions of the Constitution than the
previous three-score years had known.
The one is the party of local self-gov
ernment, close and dear to the homes
of the people; the other is the party of
a Government central, powerful, dis
tant, unrepublican. The one is the
party of the farmer Republic; the other
the party that has given three hundred
millions of acres of the public lands to I
corporations and monopolies. The one
to-day is the party of peace and one
country; the other the party of section
al hate. The one is the party whose
legislation for six years has been fol
lowed by prosperity; the other the par
ty whose latest legislation was followed
by the panic of 1873. The one is the
party that hada large majority of the
popular and the Electoral vote of 1876;
the other the party that stole the Presi
dency, trampling the sacred right of
suffrage tnder foot, electing lHayes and
N icholls, of Louisiana, by the same vote,
just as the ancestors of the Republican
S party, at the very opening of the cen
tury, tried to steal a Presidency. The
one is the party of economy; the
B other the party of extravagance. The
one is the party of home law,
a free, unintimidated ballot and
a fair count in peaceful elections;
the other the party of Deputy
a Marshals, bayonets, Federal force and
Returning Boards. One party to-day
says: " Let us hive peace, with its ac
d companying blessings of closer com
merce and more abundant prosperity;"
9 the managers of the other party say:
, Let us have war and hate if we can
also have the spoils." These are some
t of the contrasts between the parties.
What of the tickets? The candidate
of one party for the Presidency has a
y record and a name white as the driven
snow; the candidate of the other has
1 been culpably involved in every Na
tioual scandal for fifteen years. The
e candidate of one party is the Union
e candidate. His life has been wrapped
up in the Union. He volunteered in
a the service of the Union in his boyhood,
and has remained in the service of the
Union till this hour. Among living
Lt men there are only two or three who
0 have rendered such illustrious services
on behalf of the Union as has he. There
It is no other such splendid example of
0 heroic devotion to one country, to the
- Constitution, to the noiseless glory of
r civil law as General liancock furnishes.
· General Garfield is the sectional candi
- date, the candidate of separation, of dis
Stance, of enmity, of malice and bitter
Snesses, MTr. English is a gentleman of
honor and business. He is a man of
great method and attention tohis atffairs.
SHe is a man of the highest business
1 integritv, and of pubhlc experience.
SHanncoek and English mean public vir
= tue. Does the ticket Garfield and Ar.
- thur mean public virtue? Has it any
Ssuch odor about it when tihe whole
Seountry is talking of Credit Mobilier,
and De Golyer pavements, and Sanborn
I- contracts, etc., and since Arthur was
-expelled from the public service for
inefficiency and dishonesty? Which of
these tickets stands as the emblem and
the hope of the purity of the public
Sservice and the Constitutional execution
0of the laws? For which ticket can
unpartisan men vote with most self.
itrespect, remembermng that we' our.
selves are measured by the men we
Shonor, by the statues we erect, by the
- men we crown? Can a great people in
*a great Republic afford to lightly re
Sgard public virtue? Can they atord to
Sisurethlie lien Who have a plentiful lack
I of it?-Omiainna iZequircr.
"Vote as YeS hot."
The stalwart p ss-Is shoatiang opee
more its old battle cry. It does not ad,
drem itself to the reason and conscience
Sof the voter. It has no argument to
I persuade the thoughtful or to convince
p the doubting. Its only resource econ
Ssisats in Its oft repeated and hackneyed
Sappeal to sectional prejudice and pas
o aon. "Vote s you shotl" I's the suni
y and substance of its argumentation.
We are disposed to take the stalwart
- editors at their word.
a Aye, "Vote as you shot." Be care.
r ful, though, if yaou do, that your bullet
Sdoes not strike Mr. Bayes' late I'ost.
- master General, Key, or Mr. Hayes'
. Plenipotentiaries to foreign courts,
t Longstreet and Hilliard, or Mr. Hayes'
a Consul at Shanghai, Colonel Mosby.
i "Vote as you shot." But if you do,
a remember that your gun will be pointed
o in the same direction in which General
a Hancock pointed his swort it Gettys
- burg and the Wilderness.
**Vote as you shot." If you do, your
Saim will be, as has been that of General
s Hancock, in war and in peace, at tl19
d enemies of the Constitution and civil
S'"Yote as y shot." If you do, you
s will draw a bead on the new enemies of
a the Constitution who refuse to. submit
i to its authority and insist on governing
Sthe people outside of it.
,,Vote as ou shot," If you do, you
will probably lay low the thieves and
Splunderers who have brought dishonor
i ad shame on the Republic and who if
i they had been caught plying their trade
y in the army would have been tried by
a drum-heid court-martial and shot.
d By all means "vote as you shot."
But you did not shoot with Garfield
Swhen he left you on the battle-eld to
t enter on his career of corruption in CA.
Sgress You dldnot shoot withthe sut
-lers and contractors and camp'follor
- eus who now control the Re~iub!lean
art.v You did not shoot with the
'itMobiller sied , the De Golyer
pa vmentlobby, the whisky Fii~ or the
yItoyn shot," and you Will~ t in te With
t he Haooek veterans pouring your vol.
re ley lnto the waverif Zinke es ti'the ly
enemy of Union and Peace that yet:
-mahs ,the moaribund ad:imor. Re
e publcan party.-ilarriurg (1 Pa.) Pal
e rio.
The Repablicea Recerd.
" Look at our record," say Republi
cans; "upon that we are willing to stand b
or fall." Well, let us look at this record. it
it will be twenty years on the 4th of ri
March next since the Republican party cl
came into power, and the first result of ti
its supremacy was four years of civil v,
war. - Whether Republican rule from
1861 to 1881 is worth the price paid for g
it at the outset, we leave the people to it
determine. The opinion prevails in
Ssome quarters that the article is cx- i
ceedin ly dear if the count.try had re
ceived it gratis. But it is s signiticant h1
fact that Republicans pride themselves o
more upon their war record than upon
anything else. They resemble the s
famous doctor who always threw his
patients into fits, becau-to "he was
heavy on fits." One of their nmost distin- i
s guished leaders, the late lamented c
Chandler, declared that "the country
e would never be worth a curse without
a little blood-letting," and there cer
tainly was "blood-etting" enough to
Ssatisfy even the patriotic thirst of the ti
Michigan statesman. Republicans claim v
that they "saved the Union," meaning a
thereby that their party did the fighting 0
which secured National salvation. If 1
this were true they would be entitled L
to no more credit than the man who,
having set his own house afire, suc
ceeds in extinguishing the flames ,
without the assistance of his neigh
bors. But it is not true, "by
a large majority." In 1860, Mr.
Lincoln received 1,8861,322 votes. 11
During the'war which he superiutend- n
ed there were enlisted 2,678,967 volunh t
teers. Republican lightning calculators
d may rise and explain where the 792,645
extra Union soldiers came from; and, C
Sif we are not mistaken, there were t
0 several Republicans who did not go t
within smelling-distance of rebel
powder. The war having been brought t
to a successful conclusion by Denmo
cratie aid in purse and person, Ritpub- '
licans took entire charge of the process
called "the restoration of the Union." I
It is another and equally significant I
fact, that Republicans do not pride i
themselves particularly upon the per- I
formances between 1865 and 1877. They *
are inclined to ignore, as far as possible, 1
the twelve years spent in an effort to
1 Republicanize the South by machinery
` composed of negroes, carpet-baggers a
and federal bayonets; though noboey is
e likely to forget that the machinery was
used until popular pressure compelled
a Republicsan Administration to adopt
the Democratic policy in Southern af
fairs, and that then its abandonment
s was denounced by more than nice
Stenths of the party as an act at once
suicidal and unnecessary. But saving
LYand restoring the Union did not mo
c nopolize Republican energies from 1861
,, to 1877. With the war began that
system of organized corruption and
Srascality which plundered and dise
gracedthe Nation, and which came bold- 1
ly to the front no longer ago than the i
to hicagoConvention, when a Republican
ex-Senator exclaimed: "What are we
here for, if not for the ollices?" In.
m deed, the candidate who came so near
as being the nominee of that Convention ,
was himself the representative' and
1n champion of rings the like ofwhich the
d world had never seen before.-one of
in them, according to, the estimate of a
prominent member, robbing the Govy
e ernment of nearly $3,000,000 in a single 7
revenue distrlet in six years. And we
may remark while Grant thus narrowly
1 escaped nomination for a third term,
and is still the exhaustless theme of
Republican eulogy, Bristow, the hon
est Secretary of ithe Treasury, who en
o deaored to punish the whisky thieves.
whom Grant protected, has been driven
into political obscurity by "the party
iof great moral ideas.'" When such a
fate has overtakcun such a man, it is not
of strange, perhaps, that the same party
of has never thought it necessary to apol
. ogize for any part of the ring iniquity;.
and th~t its Presidential cantidate
Sto-day" stands convicted before a
Republican investigating Committee,
of participation m one .of the
most shameless of these steals
whichhe supplemented by erjttry. Asa
f, itting erown to the Republi~an column,
r we have only to point to the conspiracy
of 1876-77, by which a candidate whom
the people h~d rejected was thrust into
Sthe Executive chair. In that inftamous
transaction, too, the resent Republi
i can standard-bearer linured conspic
n uously; first helping to tit the fanud as
a aViting statesman," sad contirming
andconsummating it as an Electoral
Commissioner.
S Such, in brief, Is the Republican
reeoCbd, upon Which thatpartyprofesses
in to pride itself, and which it urges as an
all-suffielent argument for its retention
in power, Possibly the Amerlean.peo
Splema accept and lnderse the srgu
ment b electing as their, Predident a
man whose name is dissolubbly oon
nected with Credit-Mobiller, Do ~I'olyer
and the Electoral swrindle; and electing
I as their Vice.President a maM who was
4 klicked out of the New York Custom
co House in order, as Mr. Hayes said, "to
to insure an honest administration of the
ce oillee." But we do not believe the
i- American people have yet reached that
ed depth of demoralization which Suinch seo
e- eoptanee and inadorsement would re
u qumero.-B. Louis Ritpublican.
-. -----~-. ---
rt Address by the lNatioal Cemittee.
e The National Democratic Cohmlittee
let has issued the following statement rel
•t. ative to the election inalaine:
s' IlgADgrT'ns NAT'L DEMOCRATIC COMMIrTaEn,
NEw YOahK, Sept. It, 1880.
The latest reliable sad oielal returns re
' celvd from Malne are as follows: Returns
, ifroam 4 town give Plaisted 70,013; Davis, 70O,
S ieB; RepubIan majority, 7ll9 . In the same
* townsfin STthe opDosition VOte was $7,L0 ;
SRepublican, ; IotepubliS majority, 15,
$6; ii pullhomoss in 180 from ths eorre
spending eletion in 1876, 14,57. There are 5S
8- i townsand platatio9ns yet to be heard from.
The riative gain in these towns as compared
with 18e0 would give us, at a low estimate,
r nVer ,O) Democratic majority. The Repub
ilcan manipulators in Maine are pretending to
g claim a majority for Davis, antd atre unildotbt
dly trying to doctor retutrns to bear out
thisbolaim. It remains to be seen wecther
they propose to begin in Maine to roinaugu
ratethe framids otli18. Fortwodays Blaine and
1epublican leaders conceded i'lalated's elec
of tion, as the Republican party did Tilden's ain.
ut 1876. The entire machinery for counting the
vote ts in the hands of a Itepulican Returning
Board. Usually, inpat yers, it has ,tdy ri,
quired about two days t)aaLcrtain doininte
results in Maine. This year all tirst returns
Sshowed great Democratie gains, anid It was
id only whed Republiean manipulators have
or stopped returns coming in and delayedi
Sthem until they could be altered that
camges were made In favor of Daits.
le As an instance, the county of Kennebec,
Swhich usually completes its returns in one
day, was held back until after Thursday, and
it is openly asserted by a former Republi:can
" leader that retunms are kept back for manip
u lation. Two  Io thie Congrcssmen-March
and ladd-are 'eoneeded. hilbrick, I)emo
to cratle andidate in Blainle's district (te
SThllrd), wlhile otually eeted may be counted
outby fraud l sr a n ve mal nIJority-uhder
One hunded. In theimt riptt, Annderene
. Democratic candidate, is ietieal in the
same position. ha tloe peblobns sbly
claim a maJority for Reed of 14-thus shuw
h laM that put of veCoe ressumean four Dem
er aets were eects T is the best critripn
b tlek (b judgte popular' sentiment of
8t state. Plahsted is oiady elitectedL, audan
aUg c hbe defeated by fraudileqtt condt, 'Tho
lh li s shown bythe Republican party, or
by them e l.a Democratlic couanties.
Scesslbs b.tle ph an away from ines
tatFuson t/iete b ni~wlarge fal l ii ow, r
e- the btate in tepubileaan ioetad :countles.
the Republican gain lais clidle in Democratic
counties. WsLUtt IL BARnmM,
Chalrman.
POLITICAL POIYTS.
- The Republicans will carry lows
by a large :Sajority. Du . totice hav
ing been given, we concede that point
right now. The ltepublicans need not
claim, on the ormqing' after the elec
tion, that they expected a Democratic
victory.-(ininui EJa ir.
-oColorado is called.. . epublican
State, and there is iMote d' iwry with
in its bordleis in-irdpofitol~t the num
ber of its inhabitants than ever existed
in any Southern State before, during
or since the war." This 'fact seems to
have been overlooked by the outrage
organs. . .
- "Upon what rep'ou, chance of
success?" ,inquires a .publican ex
change. Money. ,Your 4amplaign of
slander and sectionalism does your
cause far more ,harm than good, but if
you can buy outright halt a million
votes, or such a mgfteq4g mnay elect
your man.
---John Shermanr issues orders for.
the Republicans to -top blowing about
what they are going 'to do in Indians
and go to work.- The result in Maine
ought to give Indiant#t'bast $250,000
more of circulating medium, if the poor
Department clerks and scrub-women in
Washington hold out, .
- There is no disputing these facts,
.vit;: tliat afew amiineseevery promi
nent Republican paper pronounced Gen
eral Garfield -.s, lanil, who
traded foir money sl o c a influence
in Congress, and for which a Republic
an Conventio in ihis o home dis
,trict called upon him to ign.
' T 9i4~ uat of rebel
clilJms to Il Hancock and
the othet * t " get into power,
take-a limgh i, tiomi and add ciphers
until the line is fall. You cannot get
too maeny. This is the system of arith
metie used by the.New York Times and
other reliable liRepub i journals.
---ThereiIordedi ork for the
Republick n S reme °it of Maine.
If the County CavaUle tall to count
in Corporal Davis tle' Suipreme Court
is to be called on to tinker the law so
as to crowd him in any how. The Re
publicans invented a double-edged Con
stitutional amendnment which was to
react on the election . q,this week if
adopted, and the progf tnme now is
a that this baek-e st l taaatnent is to
be good law or ba4 wv p tcing as it
l helps or hurts the blan party.
The Supreme Court hts h ofore dis
played its willingne o, o,pe the law
t to suit the emergency, an wll hard
Sly fail its party in'thb1i 'ilM te strait.
--Exchnge.. ; .i,,a ,b
The SectionalA ik iat.
t The argument app t ntly and
I strenuous a emo
cratie cadtid~ t y that they
represent a,-''edteonal party that will
e have the support of the . olid South,
a andthat should they: eleReS they will
e be the tools of the tltt xtremists
and Confederate .be igtdbt The ab
r surdity of the arght shbI what the
Republican org a5ners think
of the iatpilige, Veople to
a whom such reazsi  be ad
f dressed. t,_, 0
SWhat are thh plaIi lhe South
- er States kireDe . hey were
e made so by. ItepubstaliohUla, misrule,
Splunderin~ Mk wF~WL .'lhetrwere kept
Demoerttl 1 ,orpý.p tbag Gov.
orantauitis, Federal troops.
The whole polity o l . Republican
Lparty since9 th wr l d directly
to make and keep theSdtl Demo
cratic. ~et, in spite ~f'te1facts, the
Ssupporters of ranut contended that
y were he nomiiteda the Iepublicana
eould carry tWo if hot foi~atfhe South
t ern States, end Reporeeitatlve Loring,
at the conference In this eity, urged
the Regubliota  a  Irai to send
Smoney and spuakenr to ,lolda, which
She felt iasre eoul4 .,r argIfl by the
SRepublioans if they wouidpend money
Senough there. -aIbV gumL nnt, so far as
it goeq, tell di4 t)gn) the Re
- publican partyj bi ' U~. : ibyness ap
pears fromp the nditepubi
' cans themselves that the d is not
Y solid at all, but , 4t.4 yje at once
a were tey toenoankho seto man,
o and also hrominsthecthrt~ hope to
secure the vote of oune.min State
Sfor Garfield.
But the North isa~t siyRepubll
oan. Coaieot!cat lsui u k~llaneock,
who may orry MthWk WId w Hamp
shire. lew Yorork 15sidatSM for the
a soldier-statosman of Pennsylvania, and
Penanusylvanla, onee wra nghold of
Republicralem andet(msia rule, is
a now doubtful. • peelawHare
Sand Indiana ma~e 5 moeratio
c andidates. Ill ,tin m in the
Sbalance, al jtr row her
Svote for ,.IItian4 . OhioJs
are concededts In
fact the North is el divided
Sbetween the two parti, te of all
Sthe efforts of t o&  le0lI ns to keep
it solid. No'e Whrt;liftH sectional
e party--the onei wheh~M3(Ib sulpport
t ofall the SoutherahbblrtdIrIl of the
, Nporthern States, 9ora,teJt has no
. support whatever save.,nibie section?
Which is the truly Natid flfrty-the
one which is snppor tile South
ern and halilf stChr .ts or the
one which is 'st pbr by half
e the Northern Stte4P nltquestion
. needs only to be s:tated,- 14.Iow the
desperate straits: tholjldoa ans are
in. The fact that I r ryland,
Virginia, North E t aoliina,
Florida, Georgia , aissippl,
- Louisiana, Texas A i n esee,
e Kentucky. and Misr, ustitutin,
Snearlyohne-half of th' 0 are solidly
opposed to the Repbti L,F"ty, while
' it is In a minority ln,-hklalIe olther
SStates, brands it as seetidanatad makes
it dangerous. , , .',L .ti
The D)emocrantic jarb e. he truly
National party. 1w$ sCg'l lies in
every sec:tion of the. lUion. "s policy
enIbraces and provldefr\tW nterests
Sof every section. lIte*dgIf orm pro.
. claims peace, fraterity,, P f will, an
c end to all sectiombitd rl. odl. claims
Sthat all the resnlst 1 li9 shall be
sacredly kept, that hlPfl ifIIdments
to the Constitution WhaIolbolenorably
e observed in lettaer' sagdptjnd that
I the enmities of the pstf, judices
? and passions born . j , and
the antagonisms 'of 'M eions,
shall be bIrled 1oreki i'UC~ioin and
Sconcord and prospetidulso Repub.
lie, which Irrerft? shall know no
? North tir SdoutHi:f. l 'tieor West,
e but one upepI utzd.alk overa.
- Imeat ofjUs a l. And
er North
tern *ay a imbued
- with rN ddi ftiments,
, they vae thhsi MIYatiklbi holding
,, omprpebemqin lmeevwofHa]upal duty
and poLIcy, .j , Ive to a
rF oto the
'[ thelatiAs'f ' sti~h'1' e sup
| pht of'all elases, W ll*ell ts of the
,. Union, are beyond coggAbn with
ie anythat can be trl put forthbyits
sectional netwalrivL-XY. aIt p ae.