4 sq " ca n"+ Sub s,1ipt' i I '11 .
•I • _ Vin_ dicator. 4 \. .. . -
.11 . Il-1 X . . ! j 1 p " ' I- . I i11
, I 11 li 1 nu- l: It l . :,}IW A, 11b
.:-...n1\ NAT -1 a.IT (,)COlCR LA., SEPTK ClVl+ 14. 1878. I lh .\ L" .1 , 1 1.
'II1' it i 1 i,' l i- ', i t i .
" t l ', t I; .... U.', '"' :+ 'i-ht].v r
I ii f --r Im'l lll ll411 lzl P"~ · ~ 6C1+"- "",'l."rq IT F·-m l Iqt, P'l _q Allhll I I II III I I I Yltl'F lq II I c=+•itll II I • IIi Iiml I I,._ -----m I•"
.y. . ,J (' '."I1"'A "'C GII*In '
.I7 Il', .\'. i I1 I 1 1. II.
ýt. 1), ' i l > I, ,.I. 1 .,t,'hit, h~~ h , .1:i.
1 ,' I I " l, ' i ,', th r'l ~ i', o I 't ,f ilh it ll , !
n IE i a (, n t f i ' t
. tl',ih't ul l ' &i ' (l'i ii a" t la,(
.i .VT(' 'rll !,].,1 , i,.
4trliI pr , .1 i", ii.i i to tit: , l ih .
Sabin, l,,I : ,,t , ., Itive r, \\int I:tpt|' -,
S181,". 1;1:i,1, pr+ + .ip, tly ,tt. in t ,| t,,.
' ;. !. l, iE I . i ll'.i i I . I\l(I s;lI"l.
.1( 7"I'. t 1. I I,. 1I ' I..I i 1 :.
\ 'lA LIN : , I) ... 1'. l i,il lEl't,,, %%111t I, Ii,
EY T& t O' IIESR LAT0 .
1 Cin the tl ;rir h anti i laistrli: i, ht. Clih rt" itd
r i el r)i+ric· , and in the p: r ei.h ,, o \' in ;i
rnt.h S preL i, I' irt H l. t-i n . 1. IS,
tri l " d Ianl lTl' irlrnit l rf i ' i- n ili 1 '. r.
'o rt ('fih ' tlinst \ 'i.hinIItn.,.
VItlihe in t Ih INaCste li lth litii
t te State .
iNA T tiTiO(L'lii \.r.
AH g.L I'';Ft ,
fterit ti t& tllitseilat i l
St. Denis Street.,
NPhclitio e l (' , : :
`_ ij, ~ive' rll ini ll l rl olr' o it
h ,ltllIl ll :io b sll'lle n trt, l (I (o)
his cirl'0
Pra ltic s ill h il 1 i-i'irt 111, I : 'i14h
('ul rt-il thl , ll, iri-h, t f  i ,lta ta 'hle-.
l(,l id , 'r, 9 Sl toln;in l Sailin .il iland ,llor,,
the Suprl l ' ai' l ;I M e pl it( li 
iill'f i '. .1;1!1 ." .; -i}
JO ll. i' It. I1t " II " FTif I* '
ATTORNEY & COUNSEL OR AT LAW
('Ot".I'i "l'A..
R1 1) llll: : 1I'.il ,UlI. 1,0( 1,l.l\.I.
Will practice ill Cousha ta. Natlhito
ches, Mliaitih ill, NMany.inl ini i \I'vlt i part
of North.wi-'t L, ilsli;llia S, n',ii l :ittlte -
title Riven to Land i l eall ': n a lll ' 1
,11111t !)fh, -7;7-1'.
C. ('nA ,rt.tN. t' V. OtI%)It %, 4 '. '1', 1'. I'll \i'I.I
1HAPLIN, liRAN1N 'ET & CHAPLIN,
Attorney.!s at ,Lac.
NAT'IHIT()OC'llE, L,..
PRACTIC in the District Courts of
j Natchit,.ohes,, talbini, I) S to .11111
Red River mid in the Supreme ('Cort of
the State. i'arch :-ly.
X. B. 'Io 'KER,
Ahttornly ald Counsellor ,It lat,',
St. Denis ,Stret, - ,atchhithrhit,, L(1.
W ILL practice in the district auin Par
rish Courts of Natihitle'htes, Sabine
I)DSoto and Red River, aiii the Supremle
Court of the State.
All business entrusted to his rare will
receive prompt att. ition. A11I1" 1-11!
Physician and Sutrge011
Magistrate.
OHN M. TUCKElt,
Mattistrate W\a(rd 1.
$t. Denis Street, : : uatchitoc'hes, Lea.
P ROMPlT attention giveni toi all 1bsinmss
entrusted to his caim,.
JP Clairns collected at sna:ll 'co,.t.
Refr to the BariI hinrally.
SfJan 5'78-ly
Business Cards.
J. C. Triohel,
-DEALER IN-
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD
WARE, BOOTS anti SIIOES, HATS,
ETC.
IIighest cash price paid for Cot toil and
Country Produce.
WASHINGTON, ST.,
NATCHITOCHES, IA.
C. A. BULLARD. N.H. CAMPBELL
Bullard & Campbell,
--DKALkER IN
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
IIARIN)W'ARE.
And General Merclhaulise.
Corner FRONT & L.AYFYrri: Street,
Žiatchitoches, Ln.
HIGHEST cash price paid for cotton and
L ountry produce in cash or merchandise.
March 5 -ly.
C.L. WALMBLEY R. M, WALMSIFEY
C.L. WALMSLEY & CO,
(OTTON PACTORn
-AND
OIlllAL CUOMISSION MERCHANTS.
Perdldo St., New OrleanN, La.
MarehZS.-ly
TIi
It
lI
CHILLS, ýVERVS, cSPErtiA
Fornmlo Disor '.ie}r:. C id ty iz
The Home LB.atto: ~O'., t olr i
Preqcrierd D',y E7(st F h'tscians,
arid S.)d -, ,+ hr.' -:rs './rcr'where. Ir
J4 NT i-fNEav.!
BOERiCKE & TAFEL'S
lOMi OPATHI
PHARMACY, 133 Canal Street,
NEW OR1LEAN i4.
A ftll ,toek fl" pultuai rhal.uileHome opathio
Medicines, as wedl as Family Medicine Cat's,
and iloul, ih Etgli'h. Gvrmantnn andt Fret:ch con. 'I
stant:Cv n hain at Now Ym k Prices.
&',d for descriptive Intrie Current.
$100, $200, $00. $1000
l10 -'0 I ,', I,.lII \ v ('U.,
: : N4.. N I,. \ _Vt:I , , t, N.w, Yfrk, nmake
b 8 tln nts in rk \\hits b f: 010
I. i a 1r1 '.i i n i'." rI, ittm"i, nt ill.
-!rd. : i,', ', !Ih t nnl] cual:' " a, Ionn as Olt
n +r,., tl I,, t,' ,-it ,t"f thl!',-', t". ", t. l I' pluanatoiy
cireila:us and oxeukly rlour t, it free.
0R.BUTTS,
No.12 N. Elghth St. i.
St. Louis, Mo.
Who has had treater experience in the treettment of the
sexual tl11, te .f b,,th tio t and femal, tohan air' ph'iciott it
in tIe to .t,. gitol the r,- u.(t of ha lon g amnit uc setulf
practice in his two new work., just pubtahtd, entitled
The PHYSIOLOGY OF MARRIAGE "
The PRIVATE MEDICALADV;3ER I
Books that are real:y '(tl ld.B it ldelf.lnltretrort in all mat ,
Itre pcr'triti g to Iuth,., 'n.d 1 nhon % nit eoupply
ranth og t't. lThhv a. b."' uuftt'I lI Iultraled, atd il plain Ih
la.,guage, e +iy u:, r. id. T.ht. th o touko etk bra.t'e tS
pagest, anld 'r :itt ,ita lhte Infrna. on ln for both matrriedand
iln 'le, with al t Ih re'. nt tiptr,vements m nmedicaltreattcnt
toadwhatoirhmepp.roec: "l'Tneknrwihdgetinptparted t
to Ir. altts' new works ot in no way of questionable charr
meter, but is remrethig tht everyone should hauow. Tha
oeath, the victitm of early indiacretton; the Nan, otterwoioe
perfectly healthy navyhe,butwithwanin vi or inl the rime
of life, and the WHman, ian miser.
from the many ills her sex is heur
to."-St. Lotui, Journal.
POPULAR PRIt'Es--O cta. each
both in one volume, 8l; in cloth an
gilt, 25 cte. extra. Sent under seal, 0 t
receipt of prio in money or stamp. ..
'the, Rtemedy of the 19th fooatry.
TAAOt Barham's Infallible
PILE CURE.
Mt!anu :tured by the
Ba ham7oC.0 :t., Di:ham, . C.
t MAR it never falls to csure iremorrholtd
g or Pile,. when a iearn in possible,.
1100-P I Prier List and bona flde teUmialale
furnished eo apliciation
Madison Dispensary,
0O1 S. (Clark St., Chirbaqo, Ill.
tt' . Ittfi .OW, havng 30 -asn etx nrton'e. t
S tratt it, i L t l i lllt 1 11 l Mui. I1: n.S it
tw~th oesU a.9 . Sleneg. P'RIAIoOLY.
11'111 11 )))i'llfl, Ltum "exual a1, "r or
rae e..ý', pranucoit~ IItt'lI'ttLM'O, I't111'1"1tS
"en in0 ' P tl it t . , I . it ,. v :. n ptrme -
.tt.to pt ,'t .,i ei . I tl l :l t :'1 Ir 11llr;rttt o tt l b tIi.
t'0 tFIDLIa111 .. I a'': . Ppi - i: t. i Fa t :-l.'' . lO t
Send fb o fulr - a l-, h tt ,.r  ,ot. . ..1 .t-'r-uts
PRESCRIIPTION FREE-!
f anht,,)d and all diotrtr'; Irought on by indis
rctlin or Px,'tes.s. A\nIy lrug,.t ihar the inure
dlents. Address. Dr. %'. ,.AQUE% &t CO.,
130 Wee, Sixdla rh  *,l. .'inaInuatl, 0.
* _
Wn llhea $3t h .i,, Ievolwer+ 
. t2.'t. On,'v lip) Litte,-t N,,vrltie'
. 1 g' ws auted. Su.aupply'P" Nu,hville.teuu •
S l. -e' Solved. t
TIe l reaith'.ilt .ll)dir tl Il'i.ipl oi
.11,,glr; 'jim,'s.' T','h .l!ltsttrituiIs
( hi-ru ie-il If istrinc JDisteuirr'd,
a,,d ,a ( 'rtain (',re' I'rori
&,,f. 'T'he ,loanh,m~b
j.irir, t atd lttirl.'
1i,' I 'tilt I' ,it"
ltio s IlusIn ,XII 'lli,l~
"lhe (ht,'t .\nti-liillitns lHI, i, m u~L
3h.mutti' lissnlt , S .
PARSON'S
PURG-ATIVE PILLS
Are the t'esult of lon,-rantiur'ed ,%ien-l
title inves.ti,,ation., and are \Vaurranhd h,}
cur, all ,ti.*,as,'. ori,i,,:,ti,, i,, the
Stemnaclh, Liv,'r, omtl lhi nlls No grip
ittg p|tlilus fiilhiw the tle of ilt.+se Pills,
unlss -the Bowels att it, itniedw but Re
lief, Ittnediate Relief, may ihe r-lied
upon. As a Common Family Physic
PABSON'S
PUIIG A TIVE PILLS
Stand unequaled before tihe worhI to-day.
By varying the dose acetorditg to direc
tions, 'tarsotts Pttrgtiv '"ils et" ettll y
Pttrify the Blood ain go'atly alle.iate,
if not eCntirtt.velt, Srt !s.~ iGpsia Scrofte
o.r King's E\ il. lst', Erslwhl'i,,hs or St.
A\thon''s Firee I]rt htui.. tld E tleh b.
a)isd'astt'.  e' th i Skin. s lt lu he,,,,. TI ,t
thr, tiigwolrm t otg s, litIls, T"'t o rs,
.\orbid swelling,",, thlteratitns, P'mlph'
an| Bh hc, I Pr.
JuneY BOX WRRANTED.D
Most Ctmpilette Satistfaetion Guaranteed
or No Pay.
Full directtito.s aroullnl each box.
P ,h y ,,,e in ,ts s u t p li t.< hy sn a i ], lp o s t- l a id,l
l;,r :;2 50 pter t housand, in hulk+. ,'ash in
adlvan,',. W\' will s,.nt lt, se Pills t,,
a n y re lia b le d ru g g i ,t o rt m ,.,'th a tt ito s ,ll
;.nI (cornllllion.~ .Agents, \\'ilted ever?
S. JOHNSON & CO.,
BUGOiR, MBE, Proprietors.
IJune 23-Jy"
'OIR''IIA' .A I'PE.1 I.
S 11 l l i llil r ;i1 1k.
I tIl , tlI il t\ Ii h tI li 1' l h I 1l 1 f1l I' ':lini l lhe '
1'}11o tino p h,V '' ,1'n ,':VthV. It in t i' I ,  ,l41
II 1 11 . I l.- th lW i ll l t .i1. 1 4 111 hi th;l t
X' 1' 4. \' 4 II .
i ht11rl tilI 4I it hl\ it. , cbai Iiat t tht .i
lls nI,,'llhl' l tl ii( ' l o ll llll11
1Vi 0'II. ! ,110 1 h°11 " : , ll41 id . ill
11 is . ' liclh 'lp , ili the I1h':1ir's of kteilT>,
.\, ] i.uiih t 1. l111 , a m1 11 iii mi a h11 \ j i'lt illll
\1'I'1-." o t dIlllo'rn ke'r lhilai i hil'1. ,\\1.
'i'hlieIr t ri'le In)- ancient. \\1all-'e. 'l frililll
Slhlln, ll . i , ht by plh1-". considlr tlhl.
Thiit ili lli, Icollll of .justice 1144114' of I1s
Shouldh ,00 silvation; : hilt :S to that.
I'll hb t .4,l t1i\h , ,,llaii'rs against a roittl'
Th'i'at \',"ii !l\'0vl vet cl~o, noulgllh to
" 4'lv1l ;"111 Ion ,to')' it witlh a
EIne * - horMCl 11 \\01r I ll'esen i.
ST'ATE NEIWS. tir
Thil cuon ut vagolls ale biss at c"
all hl n -s tt the day hauling in thei
staple, and the pickers are plying o0
nimble fingei s to gather it in. The ci
wolrns e illn lIIerolis, but the cottonli
is so well advanced that they will
not l(' able to d muich harm. About t
an ave'rame crop will be made. h
,n idne.',dayS we were infoimted ',
of trh fact that Mr.. eter had a new
p ioll iri inil. and that the new bird
heid blhind olts and hats notwith
tandlin . I'p-.. i'nquiry it ri as lh arn
r di that Mllie 'Thomas, the nitum wt di
man contined in jail fo' the murder w
of her husband :,n the 24th of last w
.1hnl ,' bIth given hirth to a male child. a
Tih, litith rascal is as bright as a"
i icket. and dhoes not seem to be set
haick ion accliount of the blad company (
Mtarksville Bulletin. ci
\We are glad to report that the cat
e1ripillars hlave not yet done ns any k
harm. If they will only hold up for V
ten days mmire Avoyclles t ill make i
a very large crop of cotton. When i
the aplpearince of the worm was first
signaled tre predicted that we would Bt
reach the first of September before g
any damage would be doine, and we
think that our prediction will he ver
ti ed. F
)lir qluarantine which for a few 1i
days was suspended, owing to the tiuni
\i illingness of a few persons to do
viullunteler tinty, has again been estati
lishedl and this timue onl a more posi
ive and effective footing. To our
energetic Mayor and cautions and in-lc
telligent Cunicilmieu do the people a
owe these necessary prrcautionary
measures. On all sides we hear the
highe-st praise of our town authori
ties and these they richley deserve.
We must all admit that if the yellow
fever should spread in the country
anl that we ate spared its terreible
visitation, it will be due to the wise
and prudent measures adopted by
these gelltlelnetl.
,hrevelprrt Thires.
The wife of a negro preacher of t
doubtful character named Jack Tolo
good died last Thursday night. Just
hefore her death she declared that
her husband had poisoned her. Ap
prehensive that the colored people
might mob him, hlie the piour Jacob)
1pateced himself in care of She ill lienfe.
ner.
TUil: (CJ'lrrox ('iuor.-Col. J. Hloll
ingswlo th says the worms have eaten
ip all the leaves on his cotton and 1
most of them have since starved to i
deat h.
From all quarters we here very bad I
reports of the crops-both in the hill 1
and bottom lands. In the latter a s
half bale to the acre may be set downi
as a fair estimate in this locality
while a bale to four or live acres is a
libe at estimate for thie hills.
A dispatch recieved from Delhi yes
terday states that there were nine
casits of y(llow fever there of which
rtw hail died. We could not learn
the particulars but heatd the relport
that it was carried there by a man
who had returned from Vicksburg.
Delhi is a small village on the Monroe
and Vicksburg railroad, about equal
distance between the two places.
The appearenco of the fever in that
Squarter will prompt a still more rigid
, quarantine against the east, and we
Strust that the police jury of Bossier
-will at their meeting-to be held at
SBeillevue to-day, we believe-estab
ilish qtuarantine and make provision
for its rigid enforcement.
Shreveport Standard
The committee to whom was dele
gated the authority of deciding weth
er the introduction of mail-matter
from infected polints, under the ordi
nary quarantine against accondary
mail-matter hitherto in force could be
.slccessfully combated, reported yes
, tcrdav afternoon adversely to the
- p esent mail system. They go furth
er, and declare that no nail-matter
of any discription shall be admited
into Shreveport from any point what
soever. We do not wish to be inder
) stood as opposing any measure whose
' adoption point to the practicable te
dI lief that is sought under this regula
tion. But it does seem to us that
:. compliance with all the precaution
n, iecessary out of regard to ihe saluto
n rv welfare of the community, wouli
0 cc sufficiently reached by manty of the
- known and perfectly feasible pro-es
ses of disinfection by which other
cities have protected themselves
against evils similar to those against
which uve seek protection. Why can
not the same precautionary measures
Iv tie ;inthority of the ('it' oft \'a h
il t,4l in lar exemlple, wlelte ithe siee
oil asu ºnail matter is subject to a
hIated tetinllptatlre of two hundii red La;
de.gieee-, ftahrenhteit. "This is certaii- de
I a 5uilicient ;lllaonut of heat tllies- Vii
troy ally ;emits what(ever that Stay tht
vxist. \VIhat Inake. the inconven- dil
Iincel mIIIte irksomei , is Ihe fact tlhat tl,i
almt.t the on1ly chainnels oP,,i to the th,
m ,Crchant' aindl the publitc gentilra'll in
alt',, with one exception, Ihat to Texas, in;
these leading to poinits whe-re the yel- thi
low \ ever has linever eenll knoi'lII to goe
exist heretoforei , in an e)pidemic foirm. A.
whose elevated situated denies all is
sulstenance to this maildy. In te- le
gard to T'lexas, of lhat avail is aquar- he
atoine against a State within whoes Cot
Ilorle.rs not a single case of fever ftir
exits ? The St. Louis mail night be ph
excihded l ftrtm the pitohibitation at a.11 es
eveIts, as it comies in a package to
It.elf anod has no chance of beinig tix- to
ed with Cincinnati or Souithern mail- ve
niatter. \\e atlmit the itmpl acticabil Ith
Ity of protectio n against the surrep- Ci'
titions introduction of mail from in- f@t
Sfected districts, as long as the mail is all
permitted to arrive in the city without lie
pioevious examination in order to re- wl
ject thie sprllious matter, bIt Mayor Nt
('irrie's suggestion that the mail agent diu
he permliitted to examine the mail bag be
previous to their a rival here, and tml
Stake out all Iletters, etc., ftoum infectted be
ports pro)vihales aga;iinst this defect. ve
We knhw that the subject will be it
cat lfully studied for the gentleimen 'ta
who have the "Ialtter in handt are zeal- in
otsisly axioit for the. welfare o(f our it
city. Let their imotto be festina lente. ge
Shreveport Ilerlald. da
The first frost last year was on Oc- at
tober 20th whiclh was very light. The ie
lirst killing frost was November 7th. 1i
'I'This infima;tion is gained from Mr. in
J. B. ('amtfbell, sigtnal service otlffcer, th
and ially be relied upon as correct. se
The liiemen did not wash Monday or
ievenling. as was expected-[Alexan- ta
dria (La.) Pl'eople. They had better co
washl pretty soon or your authorities th
will have to disinfect tllUlem. This is de
a dangerous time for men to neglect I of
"washing." a
Ci
The following is the list of nurses
who have left here for Memphis to c
aid in caring for the sufferers of that
city. W. T. Dewing in charge ; John I
Murray, lasae HnMter, 'T. E. Htch- ri
kiss, Jos. E. Maguire, C. J. Schmidt, ki
Wylie l)owns.--Blackman, M. A. Fee
ney. Aug Albert, John A. Logas, Phil- fo
ips Giblain, J. W. Logan, Geo Ditt
mer, N. Newman and Thomay Bry- hi
son. Free transportation was very
generously furnished all the parties th
as far as Hnmboldt by Col. George H
Noble, Superintendent of the Texas
Pacific railroad, and they were sup- D
plied with funds to procuire provisions,
etc., by the citizens of Shreveport.
A!
Louisiana Journal.
LoiiSIANA COAL.-According to the
llnrrisonubrg News, that section of
Louisina will soon become a great et
coal market. Near Danville, in Cat- ti
ahoula parish, coal has been found in fa
immense quantities and of a kind in- oi
ferior to none. Capt. Blanks, of the in
steanit.r John WVilsonI, has tried some ie
fifty boxes and pronounces it very b
little inferior to the best coal now la
in use, Means and enterprise can d
j0soon make this a very profitable in- ft
dustry. I
Sugar Bowl. si
W\AIES FOR ROLLING SEASON.-We
have heard several planters express
themselves upon this subject to this S
effect: T'I'hat tile low price of sugar
requires a reduction in the expense
of the grinding season, and hence C
they do not feel able to pay more
than 75 cents a day and 50 cents a
watch. We believe this is almnost the
universal sentiment of sugar planters
Hossier Banuner. C
EI. J. Dineen, 'hlo murdered Mr. J. c
1 Bearden, at IRed Land? on the 17th ,
instant, and eseaped, was arrested on I
the following Tuesday, and brought t
I to Bellevne Iby Constable H. H. Wil
liams and a posse of citizens. On the e
Ssame day, Dineen was arraigned be t
fore Judge Fort. IVW. T. Benthall
and Thos. M. Dunn, witness, testi- e
Sfied to the killing, as published in
our last issue. The prisoner was
denied bail. t
Interesting Items for Police Juries.t
Claiborne Guardian. t
I Some months ago the District At.
t. orney pro tem. for Claiborne parish
a made a comparison between the as
i sessment rolls of the parish and the I
map showing the amount of land en
t tered in tihe parish, and found that
I over 50,000 acres of land were pay
e ing no taxes. Upon his report the
r police jury appointed Jolhn R. Ram
t sey and J. HII. Simmons as experts to
-investigate more fully the matter,
n and prepare a statement which would
enable all this land to be taxed.
These gentlemen have bien at
work now for several weeks and in
' form us that their work will disclose
the fact that for years over 50,000
Sacres of land in the parish have paid
no taxes. Uponl this land the colt
Y lector will collect taxes for three
e years and will thus place in the State
' and parishl treasury over $6000 in
Smoney.
S They police juries in other parishes
' should autholoize similar investiga
d tions and like omissions will doubt
t less be found in the assessment of
r their parishes.
SWe have no doubt that a large
. area of land in this parish has escaped
t the tax gatherer.
o- "I suppose you have been to your
I lodge, she scornfully inquired when she
ie opened the door on him suddenly at
m. miduight. "No, no my dear," Blink re
Splied with gushing candor, "you see I
stopped at a strawb'ry fes'v on my waRy
e home-llanl' the berries soured on my
st stomach. Confol nl strawberry festivals
in any way s'urly in tha season; last one'll
es take me in."
iELAL.OW FEVER.IL
jl elorts frorm the Statllard.]
Thi ladeauc, Sept. I.- Reports from
Laladui vil:l alltinnounce :it lleises ; n1o Sill
deaths anld otly one dangeriirous. A WI
Sister in Monist I'arml] o;,ve'nt, in the
the suburbs of Thih',ll ºux Iris just ot,
(died. Three Sistes more ted in on.
tl.is convent \vatilin fifteen days; "tl
two frurri elloh fever. All the viases 1)'.
in town have (ligiinated in that build- hi`
ing ; the vic'tims lhaving lten visiting %ll
lhereini. The two Ce.ses untside ate ,ar'y
getting well. The wife of Sheriff L. er
A. Welber was taken Inst night, but in
is doing well. Case replolted o11 of
Loris' plantation, two miles above p1al
here. A lHoward Association was da,
formed here yesterdlay. Citizens are sid
finruigatinIg the town by burning sul- the
phur everyv night in front of the li4t the
es and pine tar iln various plancs. di
('inrcirnati, September ..--Sone H li
twrnty or thirty cases of malarial te sm
ver are lIl1ported at, Newpolt, Ky., on lift
thie South batik of the Ohio, opposite age
'Cincinnati, which resenlbles yellow roc
fever very much. The physician i al
attendance, l)r. l'hythian, says he be- aun
lieves it a mild type of the scourge for
which is now depopulating Mempnlllhis, pa
New Orleans and the South. lie pr'- of
diets that all the Northern cities w ill de;
be visited by the plague in fiorms I
more or less violent. There have fac
been no deaths fromn the disease de- sta
veloped in Newpolrt, and it is hoped nf
it may not prove of ;a ver'y alatrilng of
natnre. There are iccasional deaths
i 'in Cincinati fromn yellow fever, but. wit
it has been thus far confined to refut- soi
gees, There was one death yester- he
day, a Miss Davis, of New Orleans. an
Memphlns, September 4.-The city cir
at present is one vast charnel house. fle
UCndertakers report ninety six inter- be
mients for the twenty-four hours end- of
ing at six p. in. Of these ninety- ed
t three were caused by yellow fever ;
seventy-six 'we're white; twenty c11- as
ored. A visit to the County 'iider
takets' establishmentitlit to-night, dis- str
covered the fact that at nightfall th
there were about sixty inote leported
dead but still tunlburried. Question
(if disposing of the dead is becominig Ine
a serious one. The Citizens' Relief tit
Committee hass employed a burial ot
corps of thirty negroes to assist the he
county undertakers and their men,
and it has even heen suggested to Pa
Iburn the dead, if they cannot be hu- ihe
ried more pronmptlv. Corpses aire w
known to have laid unburied for wi
forty-eight hours, tilling the air with th
foul odors and becoming so revolting
that people have fled the neighbor- Al
hood, and it is with difficulty that m,
men can be hired to haul them to le,
the Potters field. A. F. C. Cook, a en
Howard visitor, was taken down. at
Mayor Flippin being sick with fever, cc
DI. D. F. Goodyear, president ot the m
Common Council, is acting mayor. ve
An appeal to the Civilized World, fronl se
the Finance Committee of the Citizens'
Relief Associationl, Memphis: "1
We ask yvor aid, that we may be fr
enabled to feed and clothe our destii cC
tute, and furnish necessary material ly
for burying our dead. The appeal is I
only made as the last extremity, and lij
in view of the fact that another week mn
will exhaust the means already given de
by a generous people. Death has o0
laid his heavy hand upon us; the
destitute cry for bread and the sick 01
for such care as can only be given by "e
open.handed generosity. Those de- pi
silrous of giving aid can address ni
James D). Plestleyoe, No. 9 Union W
street: W. N. Thacher, of the First hi
National Bank; S. R. Clarke, of the P1
Phoeuix Insurance Comnpany. The
Relief Committee of the Independent eI
Order of Odd Fellows also appeal to al
members of the order, al
New Orleans, September 5.-The situna- l
tion is growing worse. Three of the t
asylmuns are infected. Two Sisters have h
just died in the Couvent of Mercy. Theos.
C. Wilkinson, an attache of the City p
Item, died last night. rumingi the new
cases are Maljor (. Starke, son of Gene
Iral 8tarke, of the Coufoderacy; Alex
l)alsheinner, a preniilnint lawyer; Major
Na illrhail(k of the Picayune. Fred
Moxon, a telegraph operator, who relaps- g
Sed, had the black vomit all nilght. At
this hour of writing, 10 a, ni. he is in
his death agonies. The tigures relpresent
ed by the Board of Health are far be
neath the actual sick list, as many doc
1 tors have not time to report their cases. '
I The Howarlds and Yorng Mens' t'hris
tian Association are working nobly .andl
unceasingly to relieve the sick, whilst
the Peabody Association takes care of t
the falishedl and convalescelrt. The It- c
ter Association is now feeding nine hun
dred persons.
Father Dufo, the only priest in Shreve
port who survived the opidenue there,
goes to Vicksburg this evening to assist
SBishop Elder. Mrs Mattie Norvell, wife
- of the late C. P. Norvell, of the Demo
* crat, died to-day. Her husband and I
Stheir only chlld died last week.
B Canton, Miss., Sept., 4
To the Associated Press:
We have about one hundred cases of
' yellow fever under treatment. Sixteen
Snew cases and four deaths preceding 9
o'clock a. m. to-day. We are in great
, need of money and colored nurses. Any
- one desiring to contribute money to re
lieve our wants will please send by ex
press to W. J. Mosby, treasnrer of the
Howard Assooiation.
[Signed.] GEo. W. THoMAs.
I President Howard Association.
e Grenada, Sept. 4.-Since last night's
e report there has been twelve new cases
n and eight deaths-one negro and even
whites. Dr. Gillespie and nrother, MIrs.
s Morrison, Mrs. Hughes, Aleck Refolsky,
I Ike Williams and a man name urnknown.
. D. H. Holt died last night. No abate
sent of the fever.
New Or eans, Sept. 4.-12:25 p. m.
Weather unfavorable, heavy rain. New
e cases 121; deaths 72.
d Holly Springs, Miss., Sept. 4.-Over
sixty vases of fever here. Six deaths.
Stores all closed and people gone who can
get away. There is a great need of nurs
r es and physicians. Physicians are bro
he ken down; two are sick with fever.
at Many cases will die to-ldahy. The gloomn
e- of despair and death rule the hour. The
I situation is simply appalling. The out
ly side world are appealed to for help.
y Telegraph operators are going to leave.
'l Now is the time to put your hone un
der bonds with a coop on.
11onlan'sr Ilravery in Memphis.
Memphis Avahmw'he.
There ate gWOrliel of pluck anid lln- lo
surpassable ievotion in u letlllmphis.
who are daring everi thing for those
they love. Th., taithlehss are of thei
other sex, of Ihose whom the world in o
one of its great niiioiiers has dubllbed Ire
"thle stronger sex." Wh\\'lile John l e
D)onovan forakes his wife iollll laves wh
hiip children t, tdie in sttitalgels' hliilds c:
while a son hies to Arkanlsal Sp,rilng 'I
and leaves his nmother anid two broth- en
ers to le borne Iby othets to the grave, era
in contrllst shines out tihe faithfulness (
of woman, as a devoted mother, as tnl
patient, attentive wife, as life-risking dra
daughter, sister, friend. Ily the bed- hoe
side of the burning botly, inhaling the
the poison of the sick rooml, foul with blo
that odor which tell the nature of the in I
dreadful disease , performing services tak
which lone other will do, wet ing a ori
smiile while the heart is breaking and Ta'
lifting up the head when in the last Oil
agiiony, her person is Ibefobtled by the opt
most repulsive and horrible of all to I
substances -- black vomit-she sits tw(
and watches, and nurses and cares boi
for her loved ones till lie live again or out
passes beyond her aid. The penalty five
of her service of love is generally of
death. pre
Instances come to the writer's mind liri
faster than lie can record themn, in ice
stanices which are bint a few of the Tai
niny which have become like a part
of Ilhiven in so niuclh of earth's hell. IIot
A Citizens' Relief Committee man He
walked into an humble cottage ill the bat
southern portion of the city. There a 1i
he found two children ill, one weak lie
and listless, but evidently convales fee
cing, the other tossing in burning dra
fever. A little woman in black sat tic,
between the two and was in the act thi
of kissing the brow of the little fever- spi
ed one. bli
"Can't I send you a nurse, madam n" fev
asked the visitor. sto
"No, sir, (the pale little woman A
smiled ); "I have brought one child ltun
tihrougll and I shall bring the other." Shi
"But you are warn out." ma
"Olh no, sir. A kind Italian woman or
near by comes in and helps me some- of
times." She would not yield ; no In
other hand but hers could minister to ot
her little ones. it e
An old grandmother told Rev. Mr. or
Parsons not only of Ihaving nursed bu
her grandson to his death, but in ap
want of some onle else to do it had thi
with her old hands prepared himn for rei
the grave. til
A child was stricken with fever on fUl
Alabama street. "Go," said the thtt
mother to the father, "I shall never flf
leave the boy, but you most not be an
endangered." The coward complied, go
and saw from over the way a short
coffin borne out of his home. The fe,
mother is paying the price of her de- ca
votion, and by to-morrow will her be
self pass to her last home in the city. ml
A sick man's.lady friend wrote: br
"Please let me come," and when his
friends thought the die was cast they
consented to his summoning her. Bold.
ly she laid aside her hat, pushed back to
her hair, and forcing a smile to her me
lips, entered the room. Some of his do
male friends stood outside on the Ja
door steps "to inquire how the dear co
old boy is getting along." gr
The keeper of a house of ill-fame tel
on Gayoso street dared the loss of Ru
"business," dared the desertion of her Su
place by all but one oftits inmates, to itF
nurse faithfully to the end one who of
was to her a comparative stranger, P(
hut wholm chances had brought tt
plague stricken to her door. ta
These are a few of Ihundreds. Moth- a
cra hIave made their sons leave town, h
and then relieved apparently of all ar
alarm, have sunk down to die. Wives at
absent have returned against the pose til
itive orders and wishes of their bus- oL
hanlds, preferring to die witlh those is
they love rather than suffer tile suen di
pense away. t
God ill his mercy has sent tlhese in
ministering angels to nlmake its forget n
for a timae tilhe horors of wholesale
deaths. and contemplato in thlem the di
glory and beauty of a better worlt. oi
A
A CARD. u
SIlREVEI'ORT, Sept. 5, 1878.
To the Congregation of St. Marl' s i
Church : d
A solemn sence of duty impels me
f to go to Memphis. I know that every ti
one of you will feel that I am doing b
God service in going. During my
absence there will be an appropiate
service of prayers every Sunday
' morning at 10 o'clock, by thie Lay
e Reader. Go to that service Rand in
your prayers make mention of mae and ,
Sof all those who are snffering and af- ,
flicted. "I commend you to God and
to, the word of His grace."
Your affectionate pastor,
W. T. DICKInSOe DALZELL. I
I I I
Dr. Stevens, a French physician, saw a
t butcher killing a pig. He observed that
She stirred the blood of the animual, ad
Sded a handful of common salt to it while
Sstirring, which immediately made it
crimson, and the stirring being discon
tinued. remained fluid. The change of
color awakened his curiosity. The butch.
er could give no explanation of the
' phenomena, except that it kept it from
3 jellying and spoiling. Dr. Stevens seiz
n ed a vessel, caught some blood, andt
'. made severll experiments by putting
y, salt into it, and found that the blackest
f. blood was changed instantly to a bright
e- vermilion by salt. "And," said he, "here
is a fact that may lead to a practical
- rule." He had observed, in cases of yel
w low fever in the army, that the blood
drawn was very black and fluid, and, on
er adding salt, it became vermilion mand re
s. tained its freshness, whereas putridity of
an blood is one of the characteristlets of
r- yellow fever. He therefore abandoned
0- the usual mode of treating it, and gave
er. his paties a mixture of various salts, and
m in a very short siute reduced the mortali
hie ty of fever in the West Indies from one
it- in five to one in fifty.
Americans are a great deal like po
.- tato-bags. They will go to Paris
green.
A valuei frienl insti l ne  t1 , t,,',
lowiitg remeldies( for , ell,,w 1'\, .
which we publish nith lt:-ut,' :
TREATMENT tI YEI. I. \\ i i.\ I:.
W e find the lfllo \ ill; 1l,,,l,' ot'
treating this tertibhle di- ,,- il il,,
Ne- w trleans ('tiili-tia l .\ nlt',.
which has beta u,,,l \\ ith I .:, ,rt .i,. -
cesS ill tlh t eil\ fill' toe\,lnt\ x . t<
The first svtnyptomts alrt patin in tlh
head, back, sick at the -tilieroh. git
erally preceded with a s!ight c;ill.
Give a hot inmstard foot hati in a
nub or water bucket, sit oni a cli;hir.
draw a blanket closely over tlhe , hilt.e
body, rub the legs and thi;hl ý ilt
the same water, drinjk It thh l,.t
bloom tea, while in the lat t , wlttt iri
in the bath until a filee lr plioti.i.n
takes place (perhaps :its mi ut-,". r+,m
er closely in bed with t\,o It,)itl -.
i011, or s ntlicie n ,t fi c:r thte o iel
operations. A thick fotled i.-elu ihli
to be kept on the ftihriadl. I. ia)n
two of these cloths place ine,. in a
bowl with a lump of ice ont it (whith
out water) and exchange thlen v el'
five minutes, dnting the aIilv nltila
of the fever. This faithfully ap1tlidl
prevents a disordered ilintl oir de
lirium. 'hey can cat ice a;tnd i inkl,
ice lemonade with Crenam a: cter andl
Tamarind it it. G(ive a telit ,l thIi il,
a water bucket every two or tlhrie
hours, fifteen miinutes Vadh 1till,
Hleat three or four quarts of the li
bath water, add a tumbler of vintugtr.
a hand full of salt. The patient will
lie on his back in bed, drawl up hi,
feet, and place them in the lMnt-,.
drawing the blankets over all. Par
ticular attention should be had It l
this bath, especially when the Ir't
spiration seems to dry. or it 1u!,i Ili
blood t he head. This draws tle
fever from the head, and relieves the(
stomach from sickness and opp)l)res ion.
A cup of hot Elder tea, thilt(c', ,ix.
and eight hours after the l ath.
Should there be any diflllicty in
making water, give a wine( glass thrte
or four times a dlay of the. tea moad,'
of the inner bark of the Ehldet tree.
In good weather let there 'lhe one
window open in the reoom, het c-lo.e
it on any change. If on th(o ec(rlil
or third day there he a noiLtess or
burning sensation in the st tin:eh,
apply a poultice of tllaxseeld with
thirty or forty drops of Laudanu1m,
repeat every three or four honts uln
til relieved, take three or four spoon
fuls of corn meal gruel or beef tea on
the fourth day, (no milk whatever),
fifth day change clothes and beel,
and get up for a short time if it Il.
good weather.
Any one that has never seen yellow
fever before, if they will faithfully
carry this out in every p)articular, bnvy
be certain of success; let this treat -
ment be continued until the puh)lse Ie,,
brought down to sixty-live or sixty.
YELLOW FEVEII"R.
West India exchanges have much
to say of the success of a new treat
ment of yellow fever, recently intro
duced by Dr. Alexander Fiddes, of
Jamica, which, according to their i(e
count, will relieve the Islands ini a.
great measure of the ravages of Ihis
terrible scourge. The practice coni
sists in the internal administration ofl
Sulphurous Acid in one or ,other ofl
its combinations (as the hi-Sulphate
of Soda, the Sulphite of Mageesi; or
Potash, or of Anlmonia, thei lirst met:
tioned perhaps is the best, as hIeing
tasteless) in doses of twenty grains in
a glass of water everjy two or trcee'
hours. Iced sheets are wirappedc
around the boldy when the skin is het
and dry, and a vapor bath is some
times used when the skin is dry with
out being very hot. This tieitmeint
is said to have been very successftul
during the late oitlhreak of fciver in
the West Indies, and thee results I were
in marked contrast to tho.e of oth(er
t methods.
Calomel, Quinine, and other :-emcl
dies are discountenanced as beihg i loet
only useless, but actually itjluriois.
A full dose of Castor Oil is hcwever.
usually given at the conetnelct(enletic
of the disease.
The efficacy of Sulphurous Acidl in
this case is supposed to depie;:ld Ipe)i
its power to arrest the tendentcy tee
decomposition and alteration in thee
Sblood of animals, as esttablisheee Icy
Sthe experiments of I'rof. Poil, oe' Mhi
Slan, and others.
S Bishop Leray.
S [Shreveport Times.]
SIn times of suffering and death thel
d most beautiful feature of the (Catholic
Sreligion shines forth with reslhlendlent.
d lustre. We need scarcely say this is
echarity-a love of and consilderaticen
for our fellow man, which, we have'(
the temerity to believe, will at the'
judgment daylbe placecd high: alcove li
the other virtues. In tihe intfeete-d
a cities the sisters of charlity are.(', a
usual, doing noble work- .a work I1ie.
le requires a loftier courage than, in the(
it beat of hattle, to storm a e(doniht
n- bristling with the death-dealing cast
of non.
h . True to hIis calling and to the'
he promptinga of his heart, the Rt. Rev.
m F. X. Leray, bishop of this dliocese,
Stelegraphed to Vicksburg, whe\re hee
is well known and mich hlov.tl, te,
Slearn if his services arie )ne(edeel. Ily -
ht inug received the subjoinedl eliu;latc-lh
re in replt, the Reveretnd Fatihcr \\ill
al proceed thither at once:
VIcKSBURG, Sept. 2, 1i7,.
on Initense chlarity if you cali c'o.mcu.
re- Father MeManus died this tor)rieui.
of Huler Cand Oblerfelt are sick. Vitcl,
of and nlmyself are on duty. T'wo litit'si
are sick iu C;anuton.
BistIt*' lii.ii
)You have lal heard of inent l nt h i
did you ever see : fea;let].c ,nllt.
Po ' Fewer men have gone to elstrl¶t ,,
s- over the brink of Niagala tlhen lhave le.it
destroyed by the little cik-,ids.