c44ibscrirtin' recCepits'. Week end.
ivg lY 27th:
Dr. J. S. Smairt, J. O. Winnfree, J.
I. Wood, Judge C. B- Burr.-Vernoon
parish.
Oar r~Iporter "on a stroll" finds inm
provements going on everywhere. al
tlrJ. os. lhnr is putting his Front
street bnilding in first class order, the 1)
0wer story for a store-room the upper '
ftora resideince. O.Sclaffrilth has his }
resiilence decorated with paint and t
it looks as hew and cosy as one could ti
wish. Suddath's I'Phlenix is all span w
new willh its .ou! side-awning ad sI
ditioin ; while several other buildings N
are in colnr.s0 f ercction or repair.
The lumber yards are doing a rush
ibg business ; we notice that our v'
friepd; Stephens in particular, is
selling off rapidly. This looks like
old times indced. h
0.4-40. 0 -- -_ r,
We congratnlate our citirPen on r
having control at last of Natchitoclhe
parish. We have the finance part by s+
the throat and that's all the radical 1
thieves wanted. m,
, .. -- .ti
The conditiou of crops thlrolghlut Ri
the parish is quite flattering-espe
cially the corn. The warni weather ft
is bringinlg ouit clotton tinely. It is n
reported that the acreage of corn is
much li trger" than in previ oil years- q(
we will not dispute it, but look as
usual fig a demand for corn about si
January next. P'
District Court still continies in seRa.
I)'
sion in Red River parish. The con- ti
viction if crirnilal, so the Cilizen
says, has not lmet expectations.
-------- .- ---- is
Our citizens shioulA a6 t forget that ai
District Court convenes on the first 1'
Monday in June. Let as nauy citi- i,
zeas as can attend to witness the vi
opening of a Democratic court under v
a Deinmeratic judge and Democratic he
State administrntion. 0
On nid after the first day of Octo
hler next all parishes and mnnicipal ai
voporations are requitred by law to
payanly in United States cnrrency. t
It is made penal to issue paper other yT
than juror and witness certificates.
- 111, " ----- to
Pic-Dics and tishilng parties are t,
now in aider. The young and the y
old of both sexes are indulging i hi
the pleasant pastime. 11
Weather continues warm, entirely h
too mtuch so for solid comfort. n
The fruit prospects of this parish e'
is quite enicoulraging. We notice .
the peach trees in town, ar. hbreaking g
down with the loads of that fruit.
We return onit sine'rb thanks to
the rci i,ltlu rtrnity of Nest Or
\teak for killl gree'tilgs and conslile
rations a hile on our visit to thelir t
delightni city. h
COane river as well as ol chl id ci, -
tinsues to irecede lal idly, and oar pen. .
will shortly miss the Bart Able nnd "
htr plena rt ,' ekly visits.
The "Town Ditchi" begins to strlell
Slittle load, andil needs attending to d
hdly. If the city fathcrs don't be- t
lieve it, let soltle of them t:iake a balI t
in its perfumed waters. h
See notice of Aesessor's appoint
ments in another colusin. I
----~~· - ----- n1
e are under obligation to A. '. 1
Harrington, of 118 Canal street, New
Orleans, for one of Colton's mIaps of A
Turkey, the scene of th,. ,v-ean cnn.
fliet between tile Turks and Russians. 1t
Witlh the thermometer at 9)o, it is is
outbf the qaestion for a fat nlan to
play more than two games of bil-c
liards withont taking "suthin" cool
lD. The "solid" nien all seem to
have a preference for Saddath's arbor, o
------~c - ----- A
It will bo gratifying to the pub- E
lieto know that or distinguished
fellow-citizen, Col. Wm. M. Lery, I
haa concluded to resume the prc- r
tieof law in our city. Col. Levy a
is an able, eloquent, and popular I
Attorney, andi we know his 'prac- 1
ties will be large and remunera. d
tiu, I
----- -..--------~C----- .
Oar newly appointed Police Ju.
ror, will not fail, we are assured, I
' to a on hand oni Monday, June
4th, totattend and re-organize the
PoPdie Jury.
We must beg of the Mayor to
Pat stop to the driving of beeves
through our streets. Several la
dies, and children have escaped t
muJnr, but somie one will be badly
haut yet, unless it is stopped.
We understand that Bishop 1
LeRay will assume charge of this
diocese, on or about 1st July
next. t
the High 8ehool Comhmittee, that
ou rervices are at their disposal
nylnshrli asstaling them in
levising mleans to pay off thbe
debta of the School.
~-`--------ii.---------
The hooting gallery shot out one c
. A. Pounder, Easq., visited our
[ l Thuxsday ad Jiparta I
Idtllog of crops anid people In
- . .cti.g .
Special Correspondence to the Vindicator r
News from Our Friends.
di. A 1 ITOC HIES, e
R
ScunOL-rROUl. MON ONIIF itB! i
Nat'hitoehes, La., May 2d, 1877. j
MCr. Editor: it
Ihlaving yot two schIlit's to examine, i,
will you he so indtuilg ut as to allow men
without intlrrlpti-i, to iursue the nsu- ti
re. al course of theirtt examination ; in th t
c(iel I sha11ll glstion nmy little girls uponli
the first eleLents of unltural hliilsiiphly.
leDo V ro, Miss At*", know your hI.,son?
SYes, Pai What miiht your agoe i? I
shal ltl fifteen hin Ihly. S` eet ifileiu!
S Have you eer east th1 h'tl t retletini
upd n a future life, nay; your own fi
ld tre wellare ? Not in the least. Why v
so ? $irnply heeanuse you soupply ime 
with all my wants and neciessities BUint
llshuldlEhi athl call tme away, what then
shall ie your destiny ? I will be omle a
gs Nun. A Nun, isty child! A vncatini no
. less Inlahle, hut ilyour tioulles will he.
increased t" i-fold that of a imother's; in
the cares of others' children. Shouh ii
,ir Voil adopt a different course, what is
your d 'linitim: of :t h ata id,':l] ? Is it a
gmntlehnaut with It polished edhuationt, of
Sac,.,pliMhed n,,nn,.r., ot' excelhert inin..
high-toned, flashy and w 'alihyv in all
respecits, or, is it a ynitIg itan with less s
o ac'ltiretmeuts, who is respectful, labors i
hard andl js iuldustrious. with sonic ediiu
lcationt of the two, which shall he .ouri
Sselection ? la. this will l'dependl upont Ii
cl his 'uritcte'r, Hlow will you know that ?
ilaving ,rim my intancy alwavli placel
Mch Intiph'it confhdent',' in yon. I shouhl,
Ii st fritt youl, itunltire of his trie diispo
t sition or i ha'ateristics, tlhen, honuhlI the
induMrioths ytotlºg gelrithltilt tteet with
vyour, tiplºti'oval, lie sh)nl hlie tny choice,
ie' for phlosophyv te,:ti hs us, that there is
no greater wN'althi than real hallppinei'ss.
Truly so. t. h have you been taughtl
in tithe' house deplartment ? All the' re- e
quisite's thereoft'. Already Yes, Cir!
what else1 I 1 til prepare a nice oyster
gn gubo, make excellent bread, tickh' le the
rit soil with the hoa, 40t plants, t'tise goldcrl
pullets, & c. All ItI ' acc mniplihtne, ,tt I
Andl more too, to love liy (iod thid l p:a
rents. Atid to whoim do voton vctititltr
owe' so many acquirtelucits I To myo ts- II
t1 ter mother, whom I lovb most diiJinly. t
re Now, Miss El"', what tilt'ou yotuii"
son f I know it, Pa Ilow old are pin t
Sweet f ittteen ! Can you tell, Cil what
is the Jlhilosoldhy of life ? It is to love'
I and bhe loved! Alreauly tny chilh! what
rsi do yvon mean hy that f I mean to int
fy that wdE' shouldl befriend himanity, ftP
r Tespective of creed or station ! I)ild youit
e ever entertain the remlotest idea, alter C
visiting the uworl of fashion. to Iecome
the favorite of a gallant f Not in tilhe ,
tic least1! Have yol iver had a fancy It
Once I didl! How long did it last I Un
til Mo'phetis wrapped mne into swee't
slnmher, when it disappeared like a vis
ion. bid I notice it ? Yes, Pa, you did !i
ti and what is it yon can not see! lint,
to danghtter. the tikin may come whllein those g
fancies might be ealized, what then in f
y the ffiatte1' of a sutitor 1 I scarcely know
i vet! At all events &A tell tie your feil
ittgs, in that rspe.t t't Whyv, Pa, if I
were to 5eh't a life's colt:lition, I would
take a t'young .tlahn dev oiid of defei ts, ift
to be foindl i Who shall be yolr reteree ?
li' T i'on, and nl one else! What shall he
Shis atttihntes' lie mulit ie- '.A good I
Christhia, not in creed only, bli't In act
anal poeti.," fur it is by ou.r "t;'s We
shall et judlged, all not by our rtlt ;
,I he moast be of hooiioiah+ parentaige,
neither chew tobacco not drink ': that is
lily bean ideal of ,t latta ! olt will not
Seven allow hitn to take A gliias with a
friend, not even tiia solitary lass t -No
Sir! Ald why for ! i'nlplv liei'anse one
t glaw leads to an'ther, lbr having seen Ir'
yon, thonligh ;tldollm, iteet fl'ielIs Intll tl
eni'ljln Coite too imau, which callsied lit- Ii
ih dizziness, the natural eionselierice of l
i io a arss minhd. Did I ever inflict any ini t 'e
yoir fi' l'y oni'')e , Pi ; t the love lp
o'fie hi"t' tiat uvilig b t en teSreud b
withuill evlti the einohilnege oitthe ne
r tastable rod, but ttithd ratherw in the
a do ami sweet stream of. hml' kiud
n,w>,',vonr nolw lit uffert'lol nas no0 loillul,
ei a diither shofat. In the course of tihle
yolr life's chnice, yiehl to the h~linful
effects of" lilhationi, whuit thienl ? $ long
t as he reiuins qniet, I shall indlg y, him
with all latient eniduraicer i hct whn
h- blecomies turlbullhnt, what will yoiu
do fl will lbox his ears !
I amn donie! if other fathiers will unl
Sdertiake the ta.k, to them 1 shall say,
that mly seat ;is I1 teacher is vac'ant !
Respecthng other iatters, with regard
to Mr. Wariniouth runtior says that he
has gone tlo New Jersey, to form 1in atl
liiliice with a Miss-Lolise-Atinia, if so; I
wish her niulch, yea, nimich ha:ppil tss;
nmore so, than whetn hle fotutl Id lhe 1c
iiiliitaince olf ount bwailed, widowel
miothier, Louiisilia i Whose chihlren lie
left dienuliied, in distres., tn ettrutle wlint
and destitlltitifln, while he reveled in all
the Iixrties antd princely sildeudor of alt
Alexis; lbut as sure as there is a living
(Go(l, lia fiarinedti Diiahle, doviililnra soti !
How freqlenit are thE small links tihlit
i lead to rti~lutiiito ! Aliout. a ctEnttri" ago,
an ovet RealCouis Monk, ill the city of
i Florence, h1l1l ('liast & beantiful statne of
the Niadona. ly artifice the eup of the
ahead was 1so fxed Ii8 to retariil Sifl
) cient water for twenty hoi rrs poured
into it in the shade of itight, and falling,
drop as e dp from tile corner of the eyes
tuas Itural as tears. His n'eess was
apparently complete. The statue was
set tpon a pedestal in the cutitir of the
I. Park, wleire all the people wbuil eon
gregate to render hinuer to the mother of
Dolores, who wept ftir eAil man I by dal
ly prayers and kneeling before thle lni
raculons statue. When a year or more
after its ilitrodnction, the Monk as usnal
availed himself of night to renew the
supply of water, he was detected by an
lr indiscrete yountig man returning from the
ac Theatre; who the next day went with
twenty or more young cnilpanions to
r* destroy the statne. The work was quick
ly done. The cap of its head was shown
to the poplllace, half filled with water.
The maie of the people arose, a revolu
tion tiok place, a new King came into
, power, whose elevation was dne to the
poor Monk, who died in despair, for in
1 His solemn words we tinidi:.
e "Thou no Gods shalt have butt me.
Before no idol hend the knee."
So likewise. the long wars which last.
ed scarcely without intermission, for 100
'ears, between France and England. took
e its origin, by an English and Frecl'h
sailor, front the abuse of aqna-vite, in
' the city of Bourdeaux. They fought. all
ed the sailors shared in the quar'el, 'which
involved hoth fleets.
As from streams, rivers flow,
So from acorns, trees grow.
In the same manner wan the parish of
p Watchitoches revolntioiized in 1874,
when 'lio speck 'clouded the ceritleati
vault that arches the Universe." I may
y recall a certain puissage thereof, from
the Congressional Olobe, of 1870. Until
then
tof "'iew are not with a eritte's eve,
Bit pass my imperfectiotis y."
i Most Hespectfttlly Yours,
A&LO'TZOE
a ' NArnToCKiES, Miy 29, 1877,
b Mr' Editor :
Since my last commrntatitn to
your nothing of any interest has Ec
e curred. Hot for this season of the
yea,', Mt. We meed rain btidly. We
.are sorry to learn that this will be
sur flte la.i trip of the plupihr steamer
ts Bait Able, tIhough outr r)#e't, it4 hbe
whistle, fheard often, and oG this
In morning, has the toneh oi a pdrting
sound. As the VIN.DICATOR jUStl."
n remarked, we hind grown a little into
the habit of anticilpating her weekly
visits. We do inot think that hier
worthy Ca ptaiun, Sjinnott, caun justly
complaini of t1be unAiness which Cane anid
River has hi"roiig h. hhi, for the last low
Shlree weeks. It is true, that tho Sti t
)havini,. hIsine's, hurried it through In
in anticilpithin of ita shiort stop in her tIh
rips. The hteonvenience to the they
ne ft'rers a1id1 tlantter1s, occatsin ied lby 'at l
i- thie slili and ralid fall of the rivei , Ibra
t we ie sure, is io les felit lby the 4'1'
t .owners of the Bal t Able, for were it doib
a regular thing in this river, the oat, Itt,
t as well as those ot l' wise interested, tl
It! t\.otl have evertlhing to gain. Penn`
l l Sice out" liast to youir popnaill' wtil
n- WVeekly, (n the snhiject of a "railroad mtu
ty visit," lt niIerous parties, we iinder i yt r
i' stand, have taken advantage of the and
it cletmetcy of the vweathet, as well a. tura'
'I the sugegstions of ilorst+I; , and paid Yi l
a a visit to their camp, where as usuanl. 11"
o plitnre tdded ti plelasd re; aiplllly f"l
in 'eaidll the. ll e were ileased to hus
Id notict tlhe 'ttn ilrt of touri w6ithv fel- hi h
is low '.citizens  M ,4rs9. ,as. t;gainis, The
a lliJudge Chaplin, 'iit ll e lEditt of thell that
if VIN ii'iAT)ot. iusinliess always cills Is l 1
" i lway front hi l nite- it love ittd l ll it'e- I
ill on i i h ri in t i k. "ly'1'iv aire "It
I olkliing vl'ry well, alid riepl t cveryI "'i t
thing en mtr/che dte progres. A:. t11' lt
o'f the lroofs of the stability of tinr ti
in present G eilverinietit, we are pl'ased in r
tor notice the civilities and iltritisies lon
el so liapily exchianged bel weien the flr
ii, diat' and National anthorities in Ietie
i- New Orleans. The visit of the Gov- ; r
1" ertior anti Staff to the iU. S. Mt l-of- they
ti war lyvtliothli, the exchange of salittes tl
is ;, i she l iiisi he tiitn ttlllh ldtstn
it aslt passed it ie city going down, tlit
sý, are, ltI tiitily evidi'enes of accordi be- it' 41
Iht tt!,en the State andi Natioial Gov +l'lit
re- erin ienits. We hear it vagniely t natti
ir! pitred that the ('nmpate to which his
ter the liarit Able belonlgs will br'eak il hal
Sonls the fi'st of l.1' '. We art sorlt y to attn
i hiear it, billut betre partilig 'witl the hi:
a'- I'icket in our river, we must expiress .
ir sui lrise upon aiscertainingiii that they p
thave (ii'rgell the fll Jefferson ite's h:is
ly. for all lowi'er laniditgs on our rivet', has
- wheleas theyi  il t'lhairg id the Granlld Io
i Ere ('i',es for tht ditil of NatchIto' the
at crhes. 'the pr'ivilege of this boat in blo
it our river, atler all costs nlleie. thl
. We havti e bheein soiewl it pained to "II
o. learn, thit. in onr last to yolt puii r, ker n
,li in reoference to the .Atihblishnietit of a ti
I'r C'hihpel on thi Coast-:that the party ul1'
no after whism It i4 to tlie tined, was ail
i'e 0oiitl',it otffeitlhel at the 1llinilon. hi poat
c f wIa hWtlli r fit' - Pfhttin li I,.nnd, volt
n- wish, ait lt h ltt rt 'tll of tellid atl ' ltonel ll
.et for we lhavit s*inice learlnedl i nt tiR wit ill
hIe nulllfed ifth il' oe ol oitl oliet :inil id nl
it, Ihet citizen; A llentlemiti whose iatm
,se genierlosityl sea itely eIquial liI wish voln
in for good, and whosiie itntieroils g idil g
Sicts in ll this neightloi'holid abunldalitly Ln
ollrve p toe a lltat his lheart luiil his mijnld- i l
his wish anid his disjoiition, his will )vle
hi and his geine'roi, otl'eritngi have stop-hi
itd lhi rl'li lliill v-ifl lil orb wll
ped tIe' ert'iiihiiing voith of nmotr thlu i t
11
het one pinching., /naicing w:int, whichi all1
on has been upon ill the poilt ol di'stftyin g to a
Le his friends. Hi irit'l'R;
; VEIRINON. sil
PARISHI OF Vi.:NO.s, M
it May 13, 1677. coin
a )ear V'indicator : our
' ThIlet position of Editor of a newspaper yot'
no, hieh seck.+ hlonestly ailid faithfully to cur
'1t lischlni'g te lduty of i w'atchman uiipon i n
it" tl llthl, l:ttlei il'e ts of Lilhtrty. tnlst. truly viel'
t lie one, to trv tlth. nerve ofll hii. who at- t
of'! triNtts it. 1i-'rause it is oftten ieess'ary will
I' for huit l t r to i;h are to till' gaze of a cihi
n' hl ii llthllill puihll El, the l llatak's. lor s"
''l iler i, li ilS of hI" 1,,l. Itielnts. This I coi
-' thli u ik s ino\ lthI ' sill aition llf the F.dit 'rs PiI
h t of tl- llin e'rati; .titiiriis ot this St:ii'. wi
ib- 1)lir inmrt o'i. in the dt-ati  i~t g i' which nm'
ll, lih s rl'tilll'd in tlhe triu llmph of light alnd tf
iei .ti i,' ovl, r FrI lid llld a n Villainy. eitain- th
fitl iy dm'serve the hight'st mIred of piraisi, hon
tu l iR , at thfe So tiin e thtv l are resit ionsi- l l
n lly to te . Pni. lh ,br til'all thltir nts, iln iIt
piled inol ntin h -liigh. p:nill the sh -ldhhors I t
in- I it ?n over-taxd il an deeply inuri', con- I
tt, stltueniv. tfhir nmeritoriout neals \"tihl bitt, ot
tior shi 'ilid it, ilt mnv oprio10, sh tirl thti rin ru
l'om Ri 'litiire fe their t is'lr iils. Alhl d i
he ias li ditt of llirdi u i t lug tt ill hlic in t i i'
all iN seltiie't, devolves titpoti the Pr'ss, f
it' rhiqu ire s 1 mat if ll i i ' o 'Ilto tinlii disCriti- I
hiati,,it to fill lhi Lditiirial .('liril I ho
i hilve bellen ltd tll thrli.' refetliions by of
e your papt'er in regid to the irtionlt o the wi
iTistnt re Isht Ierttli CWases olf "ina-g. er
t:l lanimity,' bitt go on tiy dear sir, and if t
al these things are rlight, it will cal forth age
g lhe urcessiary exptlahiatimt, and iof wrolg,
S! l't the tlrtbe of putnblic se ntimentt ie a isi
'it pllted, the depth of' tile Wtoundi deter- h
t miineti, atd thei proper re'nedy applied. yol
i in ookilg over the colir lf t'News to
the Notes," in youlr issue of May i5th, I lit
t see under the a'lt e "Vernon ' ln extract imt
froni he Burklevillt Ediri, tite fllwin g:a
rel "I is ti he'.vnd a doi t that e i
g, tv of nimct frol Lilsialt.n, who atid Bill
areC Hlu'rlr untdir ,rret charged with horse
s stealing, killed hinl a fiew miles east of t
rai finrr's Fet'rv, in Loilisiana.".' with solne 4
t' toi'inttients f lroml the ra. The Er mlan
ois nistliakci, t.he captors of Harper. were -
t' " ornoii Calctasen parish, and in lace of R
".'- Uillini "hini a few miles eCattt tfiltrr's
wlit- Eerry" (which woitl be in 'Vtriionli lpar
o isht they took hhut do*n the Sahttie
al River into the l arish of Caleasieil andT
the may hlive kilied himi, if they dieh, lie glt th
tn his jist di'serirs. The citizens of Virnoh
the have to' comtlpassion on horse thives. We
ith have recently had ouir jail burned ley al
to a Texas horse-thief, and lie was fotind
k- afterwards in ,a lke in the State of
STTexas, shot all to pieces. We have tried
er. Courts of law, and it has no effiet on
u horse-thieves, and the citizens of Ver
to noni have determined hot to bother the
t l'" oCotrts with fthem, 1and if this should
il happen to fall under the eye ol" Soy utf
those gentlemen whot have a liking for
other penople's horse , let tlhett lake
warnimig and aivoid Viertnon arish, when
'ki I mentittonied to yon souiertime sitee.
.,k that thefe were two Tax Collector's in
ch this parish. Well, the Packard mIan
came forward a day orl two since, and
all sirrendeed, without the fire of a gun.
ich "Peace and harmony prevailing."
Yours truly,
VERNON.
BLACK LAND, VY.ftxo PAiltH,
of May 10th, 1877:
74 De iaric Fi"datmn:
e The people in oul part of the country
Oiy hive hIrdiy got fete tlhe glorious news
iof thti a ttlelentof odr. goverLnient af
fairs. There has been great rejoicing
and it seems to tle that every thinrg looks
brighltr and that hippiness has t'et(rn- t
ed after so long a tirite to family circles.
Cows, hogs, chickens andi all stock are
), doitig better than ever before and ihe h
crops of corn, cotttt, 0ane antd pull(tues
7 are in a flourishing condition, Jf we
only continue tis a people to do our part.
hi the discharge of the great dity that I
to rests upon u& as citizent, thete ind no/h
tc- tng tnder the san to prevent as froem he
the lag rich', prosperous .uad happy Every
We one has gone to work with a vim and
with renewed energy. n, s do
no .. S.. Kennedy, lresident of the
State Notional Bank of Louisiana,
ing has been uttnatilttflOsly elected 1'tscal
tly Ageut of the State.
[Colnniunieatctd.) Jul
',Let is havle p$e'iie. exclidtilit Grant
and ithe Minions of his Court to the
hdown -troiilen people (f the Soulthern
sttes. while his mnyrnmihnn cohorts l.t r
Iloose as dogs of war, rhled, pilln~gd. '
plinnd'er'd. il and gronll : S down to earth Cit(
with :ill their innate ranror of soul, ns if i
thel' dcleteriln',l to extiifu,,ish thlie l :;t
y snark oif htinaltity that glowed in our in
lr :least. li rititne it high, anld nic'l her
e h i v a l r i ' s p i r i t t o Ia . o.i i/ f s e r v il e a' r f - 1i ' (
t d o ll . " G i v e l! l ib e r t y . o r , g i 1o i il t,
death " vried1 the i nlnu rt iil ,nirv. in hl l
the la gul l, of the P opi I llll e, "Thel y iel' ,
nalt' hllr se'rvalnits to rule uvr l ." .
P n', pe, e; 'llhe stlill--not la lino ;l':nll
wtlil' we deilsolate iyour iells', arii' ry ofl
olti flo'ks sand hlerds. your ctt oni :il
votu' iorn, yol' sildvr rand 'll"r lilat,'.
( a ill :ihat you hlold of value ill the
torhld. (C'omnplain not while we lerri've
Vol io f yonr Colmmon riht, a li th
privilrgres you once enjoyed as Co-egnl'll
f, llh--r.itizens of o111 elinimionl cotltry-
Doiwn. idown-he satistield tlhat yol live
hhush--he still-the langrn'ae of the
hiighwa'ymanl -`yo1r iise or Your life."
T 'the pelon' they iwoidil Tivile would lie 11
e that of the hlius in ;Esop's filili's, when tll
h lie frolgs croaked mlil oniplainined, as the ,
hbys pelted them with mnll andi stones.
"It iny- lihe sport tio you'il, but it is
de,:tih to us.' a
What r~i:ked Grant with his s.O,ti0 a
year, toe.lhe' with all i tiih l en lillharg
Ses or hiis It 0.il, intIder'lis waiiloiWili
in weallih wriiinclici froit our heart
' blood what reeke'd they what. Wet silf
Sfredl Our sntli'ri'ogs were not theirs, Si I
I Ieedlless, utliglil they ruled us with j
.a roil of iron; insatinhlle vamplliliires,
thely ihave rHioled ini oulr lil(od. Nrl'
tIhldhled while lioue was iii, Hmles Grant c11
tfeastedl. (I do. nit say tihltld ;tl . lo Ilot l
belie ye there is :in. in usie i is soil--t
if there is, it iitnit hI of that naturile thiat
liealtentis, evlrv softer fteeliii of an litnai
iattlire) lie feaisted. .d:lee.d, autd enjoyel.od
11 his iirn,lnlei'nits foil W'ashingt; to ell
SLonlig Ibranich, w'ih hlis iddlers, dlllners,
acttors and i't iacl;aesses, his singittg ment
and w\tinllun to di\vert himn after th e busy
C les in d i perlexin g ciilllarrasslients of
GIov 'rillll ta'lt,] lit;'.
y Pietce, however, thoughi long del viiyi,
h:is at lentth Comne-lthe Ant.l iof Pleatce
i, has eonilesienided to visit our land mlie 1
Siiimre-nulrit as G'rant would have it or as lJir
. iho Apostate BHlaine. or. Mo'rtti i of flth T)i
Sblloody shirt, or thei Intidel lnt.ersolll, or Nat
that loig loelistt tt:illt ilf l irtues witid ;h
coinlede --iutt Peace, the Peacee of i[ 'at
en o, f a h enigliant Providence. tlhat
knows tdie tintles iand the se:asoins; ild
Swheii to turni the wiked course of innl,
and ddlilie gooId fromii evil, to soothe
i and to heal, to dry up thli, tear, and
[ poni thel hali of coisdlaition on the
1wond iled, broken hiart.
Thank ll aveni! hind, irolpitiols Hlear
pIi. "Thanik (iodi," pivimilitieli thie gootl
Nicholls WVe halii, noble Goftertor,
poireli,fottli oiur ha:liksgiviig on the I
ise h . tist instant, in cottnfo'iti"ty wilt
i your inslrnictios. On tihat lday hehll as
tl d great l'estival, 'iittinielnor:it ive of 11our1
Sloid and iiiu: il"r's lasension from earth
hi tilip habitationi. if his Father'e glory.hi
It where he is stated at the right hnd iof
. thll' Maiity op lhigh. wihetnce he looks
down aintd ltlohLIs thet dwellers oil EIrth
--the dell a1lid the good. 'The ,Judlg of
allh to Ealrtli will do right, anid Mitei' out
to al tlit to enclh, just anld elllnhl nla
nIll, a,'eorldiig to his deeds, inerty to
Iwhm merryl, aitd jlust retribtlltiotl to
such as hiave refnit'sed to have mirtu .
or to deal justly with them.
Iellolw-eilizl"n. lung mnl: I'tii:at ~eace
otllilltlt with its hienitirn infllenl'. TlienI
our gardenis shall bloomi again, ais of
iir yore , with fruit att, flowt'r ;ind shlial:
to nto ldr ficlts ill lhi ro\ elr with lht' ghl
t en lhar' ,ists toft Aitmini r otir rattle shall
ly yicl their inltnst': our rwhole land
it- teetlt n ain with Inxnrianc'., antid flow
wy with milk atill honeiiy. ill wi i anid our
a chillre'n, 'iild our elihil 'ren'i e thhl'lie ,
01 shall ettjtov this.', ift s of i" :iveln il qIli f
I rnntittlllll't, whd with trltitiidl', e cIic
I's it, i ' his mwii vine ao ll tighe., lhut
i. whi, I. lh .s P vlrt fiort oh r ( f1i1 ' aii.t'ih
l of t lit' go, tl., lit' hravi'. lllndall llihtel sl'its
1- that pt'rseve'rillt y htlf li hiri'iig this,
ottlog a tt dreiary y earst for its, that tav'
i- htt''e:stil lhe storni, antd niever" dis',rtild
lthl, shil uiitil thtey havII, Hiilonl her sae'ly
ii Ioorl'l iii tie haven of liace .'t "ht'ir
' i,||tietotihril' l t rir hiVP r'rlh ,ii t l grit
s in tlht heil.lts of a gratefiul people..
1- To seeCuirt tiHis 1tli'. an tiI hu fruitsl of
it, oulr victoryV iroullight ,haboutlf tle myst,
m riou s hand of tihe rnler of ih drilestini
i if ntlin ailii nations, we i lllist tiidls li,
ad vigilait. Onr fo,'. itditinatit at theji'r 0I
s, fiht. nitid at ia omnitiint theyn thly ftudly i
i- ttitltted tlmstenitl es thi t:iflitir iltilli- us
I tion anidl inrc.siste1d cointrol of thile rins id
by of ~thi'.,rlllment was scnrr·t'lv I11 thi ir P
in In:!ts fot the next foiur years at lIhst, ii
le will he stire, with incre'.asid hato andl en- a
i. l'rTy. t'iltiew their etrts, th lleir pain.us, I
it' thci' schemes, to re·nili their lost vant- h.
tll arge roiinll; miutl efflict our overthlrow. co
ig, ~ow is th t linii, or tiever, bi wise lk-, li
I- islationl, while un cain ald mayi, to JIti
ht,- h'lge oout -orti tntemiesll---to hnil uip tllr
i. your walls, to ,rec' -oihr ,attlei!,ents and fo
iwer, an t r, i to eldtrler fue citadel of youlr iof
I ilierty aiil all you hold ,acreld and ill'ar th
nt imprlguable to any forcei the enemly can thi
g: ar;l'v aglloqt you. Now hi tnever. "Pro
r- riatintion is the thief of timne. "
,11.
REGISTRATION AND AS=
BSSSMENT. ST
- Pai
HIE Taxpatrs and voters of Natchi
toches ljarish are hereby notified
that I will visit the different polling cor
precitiCfs of the parish, on the following fi!
days, for the purpose of Assessing proper
ty for State anil Parish taxes, and of
Registering voters, td wit I
Ward 2, H. H. Hathorns, Friday ,ind l
Saturday, June 22 and 23.
" 3, Grappe's Bluff, Monday and
Tuesday, June 253 and 2(. I
" 3, Broadwel 's, Wednesday anp .Tiiu
S Thunrsday, June 27 and 28. is e
4, Cimpte, Friday and Saturday, the
Jne 2f and 30. by
" 4, Butler's Store; Thursday and A
Friday, July 5 aird 6.
" 5, Beulah Church, Monday and
T''esday, Jly v 9 anl 10.
" fj ; lover's, Wedneday abd Itlhurs-
day, July 11 and 12.
" 7, Zion Chdreh, Me1Ui i dy ind
Tuesday, July 1C and 17. tw
" 8, Beasely's, Wedneesday anlld ba;
ThIurday, July 18 and 19. hr
" 9 E. Ross', Monday and Tuesday, an
July 23 and 21t.
" 10 Cloutierville, Wednesday and fin
Thursdlay, July 25 and 26.
"t 11i Carroll Joe.s'. Friday anid Sat
lrday, July 27 and 28.
As the time, for completing the rolls is Th
very short, the taxliaYt'ers aftu rqt4fsted cat
to prepare full iliscriptions of their
L unds, Horses, |nles. Cattle, W\ngcms,
and all kinds of faxable property,; aid
have the list4- realy on the days, and at
the places above designated.
Under recent laws. the Assessor is
charged with tile dut; of Registering. B
voters, and in order to vote at feuture
elections, it is abhsolutely nec. BSaty that
the names shall appear on the vew rolls.
I wilf le in in office at all tines np
to 22d of June, amrl oºe4 anl (~"lds not set
down acve for appointments. Parties R
may therefore make their assessnents to
fie ft aniy such timunes. On
J. P. JOHNSON,
Assessor, Natchitocues Parish,
Oflice with Tao Collector, St. Denis St.
Natchitoches; May 21st, 1877. '1
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS, J
NOTICE.
Suc'cession of SC.te e Vlenoi, dec'd.
VICTOR S. I1ENOTI', ralinistiraitor of
S i s 'necession of Suzette lencii-t. de
co:,,;it. who was administrIrix of the Iý I
S',ireession of lChenene Ilennist, widow . Itc.
1I. Wood, having., tiled in this ir.lee his
fi:nal account of administration, nrtice is 1A
hereby 'given to all whom i* may con
iiil to m;tkei their oppositions ihereto in
hen day, oth.rwise the same will he
hornalo.;ated and ado fie bj.dgr.n.,t of
the court and tlhe amliuistrators hond
o~n,',lh'd.
\V1i .:ts, lthe iflo. P. A. Simlnmonts. Pr
ish .1unilie, this "-.M dav ofaM:l, '77.
JNO L',APLA('E,
Mayc 3, `i. Deputy (ler-:
NOT I[('l.
S,tc.essionf of Fhlery Gjiennie.
T q.lEN('F, ('ll.\11.1'1 ha'in  Ihl, in
this offier hip :lplie':tiohn to he lp
pointrd a,hninistrator of the SIh e, -,lmi p
of \ lit'r Gllennie. utice is herc', gir
en to all pefrsonu to file their -l]nositilon
tltaeein in tenl dalys. otherwise the pIa,Ier
ii,tflu petitioner will Ie granted.
W\itnesgs the lhion. P. A. Sirnmuns,
.Jndie of said Cou:rt, this 19th day of
May, A. D. 1877.
JXO. ,,\VLACE, do
fay 24. I]y'v. ('hlk,
NOTICE .
Snecess.ion of Su:e ttfe Benoist, dec'd. Al
"r 'TOR S. llENOI~T', ai,'i. itrator of
Sthie sfu'cession of Aguette 1.ii 'oist. ide
eeased, having tiled in tilus oflie his hial
•e oiint of Admrinist n'tili, hiotici is Sf
htrel given i.to all whuui it niay conicurn
t.i nik. tlheir pu,, eitiolu: theleto in ten
dlays, otherwise th s:t:iu will ihe hlijni
oatedl and made the ,ludlgunt of the
court and the administrator's bond can
eelled.
WVITEss, the Hlon. P. A. Simnuons. Par
ilh Judge, this *~3 day of May 1177. :11
JJNO. 'APLA(\'t
May 96-2i. Di epnty Clerk.
LIST OF JURORS.
List of Jurors drawn tor.the regut
,Jucne term, 1877. of the 17th J.ulicial
District Court, in and for tlhe parish Of
Natehitoches, according to last.
No. W.tm. i
1 Eid e Perot, 4. a
2 Albert llaxonu, 4. d
3 Joseph I)nis, 11.
4 Tomn Smith, 3.
. Joseph O'Con, '. fol
6 J. V. Atkinsuin, 11 1
7 TL. C. R;ehal, 10
8 F. . Ford, i
.9 A. Duenornau, jr. 1ý
10 iaynard Clark, . _
11 Laldry )Dupre, II,
12 1? lh.rt .h:uks n. 4
13 (hats. Renhen jr. 10
14 Leon Woods, 12
15 l en Joe, 6
1I Win. lHenry, 4
17 .Tames (rahani; 2
18 Theo. lhIller, 12 ;
19 Isanac Itve'l., 3
0 lh, hendersoit Slorks, .3 (Ih
21 lPeter Reede. i2
'J St. Andry. F"reemad, .4 1
23 Andrew Murdock, 12
2? .1 C. llointry, 12
°2> J. U. Perot, 3 Jl
26 (':esar lier, 12
27 Scott litiekhan .5
28 Azenor ('hristophe, 1J
2) G(.eorge lhuinsoti, 3
:3 I;dward lBerry, 4 in
31 .Too. ]Whinson, 11 dl:
:32 S. Spikes. 7 an
*l Ros MtcClerlndon. 4 ne
t C. J. Marhaker, 3 ha
: Jake Maxxity, 12 th
sr; 5rin Doe:lt+c, 4
.7 Antih t iiliiltms, 3
3t ShtrhickO (ay; 0
Wl Tji nr ..Mdrgan, 4
4( . 1.J1. "ireh. 4
41 , I Sintilihr, 2
42, lichard lDieker~dr1, 12
43 Peter Yeharlid. 4
41 John Bat,'hie1 4
41 Joe ph Roy; 4
u ,Jos. Ae.hile, 11
• 17 1. WV. lilrkit, i;
i V. Deslohlches, 10
4; R. \Vullet, III
5, .hhn hludonr ii
51 110z74kiah Elzy, 5
52 W. A. Mel:ean, 12
W,. e . A. Sihinions, arL.h Jtudgi, II.
. ' . M Cdlre, C.erk of the I istriut ('ort
taid favidl H 8alilt. Jr., Sheriff of the
I arish of Nutelt!trhti.. Sidhit of .Liis
Sidtau. and j,,hes. Genin't anl Elwai~l
r Phillips duly qualilied electirs of said
1,arish and State (of l,ouisiats and dhuly
1 aplliftehd by the PtarVilh Judge ,LA re- ga
, qditti hy law fir that putrltie. do here.
t-hy certify the foregoing to he a brue and
correct list of the pelwos drawn this ,lay
|. !1.ri, ini tIccordarIce with law to serve as
SJuriirs, at the regular termii of lihe Sov
Seniteitnth Judicial IPitriet Coart, in anni
i for hlie parish of Nitchlito'hees :aipl hiltd
r of Lorrisinia, to lie breou and lidrleni on
the 4th day of Jhine, A. 1P., 1877, iL eihlig
i the first Monday of said hioltin.,
Witness oar hands and oaicitil gigna- (i
tures, at Natchiloehis. La., this the
25th day of April, A. 1)., 1s77.
(Signed.)
P. A. SrIMMON,. Parish ,indge;
H. P. MEZIERE. Clerk D. C.
1). It BOUILLT. .Ji. Sheriff.
JAMES GENIUS.
EDWARD PHILLIPS Electors.
STATE O) IO-IsIANA, CLERK'S OFFICE
Pdrish of Natchitoches.
I certify the above to ho a true and
correti4 copy of the original Venire on1
fi" hi imy office. t
Witn's mv itajid and ofticial seal, this
95th day of April A. D. 1877
[t,.S., JNO, LAPLACE, li
April 2S-4t. Deputy Clerk.
fissolhition.
David Piersflitr vingi lierohio District
.Thidge, the La' Firm tif. Jie.,k t 1iie'son
is dissolved. The utiinnshed busiihess of
the Firmi will he condueted anrl settled
by the unidersigned.
i April 28-tf. WM. H. JACK.
LOST OR STOLEN,
hNIE LIARGE bi" llra , with Texas -
I,( brand on the left shorlder, having the
two hind feet white. Also, two Creole
nd hay mitres, htanded II). Two cows,
branded A. C. and connter branded A, C.
, and many other cattle hranded ID.
A suitable reward will le pali to the
finder. L. I). LEPAIr.'urn..
SFROM HER ASHES.
The Plhanix has ilt o0 new life and now
d caters for ulblic favors.
J Warren Suddath I
has taken charge and DAN no,, di~iites r
the choicest
BRANDIES,,
CI(ARS,
&c.
RICH ST. LOUIS BEER ON DRAFT.
t Don't forget, ye thirsty, the Pli'NIX I
on St. Denis Street.
Feb. 24-y
1t. ( Get your JOB P1IXT.IG
"lone at the Vr!nImQR. (rcc .1
j, A. I1JCOURIAU,
('tint-:' I:O\T.I t'1 C 1~1:( fl StreetsJ
Natclllti),das, La.
o~f'NY ( ESCNTNL n:H
T. H ., ons tit;; ll pa t o
ENI3 118S11 .\Ni) AM ERIJA N
iP R1IN'US.; mJ:iLIl:AIEI) ANI)
1' R( '.\V N C. TT)OI NS,
P"INEN LAWNS.
'1' 'c,'`.l. IN.\ IE .
1~- PLAID
CAS$1 NI i'lElA,
1li I; o ,s,
11'I I'I'f (;IIQJ1)s
P tdinntilng oif all Kind, Y,
"" Cl Iº'l~il·: !!
ANI)
of F1WN"('II
BLACKING
XOTtOS8, In
lit
,C'LOTfHltr: rig
ri. Also a fall li ne of (.tnHitt,,wc'n'V Wear. 17
ofA f'ti i A4sSOIurII i"t
LAhIE IIt'i'S. hi
't ;`1-111\1 LIX JEi. ,t
N:' '
L'i
A S ) liii ,of
(iand Ecore
n. WAREHOUSE.
oF WM. r'ENCH, Proprietor.
II A~I \h:,n ii~,. .\ l;tIt~ thli'os~ oit.
;ll ti c ar,"ii tt i rI sIt i ,ii vi,:eS, 1 Cfil 'rtel,:r
eii ti it l stu i an lorw:ird I pllrompttly, all -
frin zhie atiji cotton consirntedI to liy care.
Riitaes of storagi' in future will Ii. as
follows: ti
F"iftecn Cents p'er Ibarrel for freights. C
'fhirty-fivye Cents per tale tivr Cot ton. at
WM I1'UiE'NCII. nIl
\1areh't-tf. t
EXTENSIV! SELL OUT.
U'ncle f aili soldl his cornst itltio11
ioII A ,ii cu ndii ifents.
. Sc;Grant swappeildi SM.iJI 'riltli) Casey.
For Jlia -mil Casey.
lHaves, s'oIppd l'a;cii. id for N ehoills.
('haiiiberlain sold his ttx colllectors
To Wade Hampton.-il l S
Packardl gacii the St;It' llouse. as a doti
atio mu .fwi.I Cansa to
Farln ii I. Nicholls.
Jacob A., soulld hii' stok of' gos, wood
Ya41 and4 ',ar ye oise'
ausoiness to *Iiscilih N'.
In retiring tirom thle ii iile I hazve lbeen
in for tho last a2 veuu'r: in t hi s parirsh, I
devsire to exp ess t,'- han tkt to myt friendls
anad i'iiotniueI a ii fOiiii1d iourt hant to thel
n~ew firm wchi .Otnicitisi Iin Atack ald
hiave thel tic ilt1's. reujuzured1 to supply
Iheirs wants. I'r peecti'azhly.
TA( Olt A. NOLFSON.
;rappe's Bhuuf'. M*a reib 1,77.
Leopotld Cartel,
diFPEE HOUSE
Corner 1I(ON\T and IIORN 'treets:
March 25-1y ;,itich fr o every day.
PHOTOGRAPH GALLERY
-.IT -
GRAND ECORE.
Pictures !
Pictures I !
Pictures . ! !
You fra ilive 'i'hi e CnrT PiVetircs h;iken
lifr FIFTI' CENT'I, at the Photograph I
gall'ey at Gr:aiIIl Ecore, La.
A. G. RIUD)D,
Phlotographer.
Steam Saw 1Mill.
J. H. STEPHENS.
(Seven Miles South of Xatch itoches.)
II AS ON HAND and is prepared to fiur
t niSlt on short hotice all kinds of the j,
iEST QUALITY it . •
Ye-ll ev 1eart
PJINE LUTBER.
Has well stocked lumber yard in tills
city and at Mr T. Chaler's, on Cane riv
er where parties can Ihave orders .itthd
promptly chi ripliciatiudi.
PRICE:
Fid to 'ten dollaird plr i. at mill.
Fohtrfen dollar per M. in city yrd.,
J. 1 STITI'ENS, r
At d3ill.
dr J. C. TRICHEL,
Natchitoches, t
And T. CHALER,
Feb. 17-ly. Isle Brevelle.
HUTSON'S i
LIVERY and FEI l.
St. PIenis Bt., NrATCHIT'OCHES, La.
I s 'REPAREf) to necoiinnmidite the
puldic in everything in tie Feedl and
Livery line. Starb! Is first-class adit art
ranged i,epeii;illy for the convenielice and
comlfrt of st'ol.
FEElt FOR HORSE $1 PER DAY.
Hacks and hbiggies on hire and fur
nished promptly on ap!ie:ation.
It P. HUTSON.
eb. 17--1v. oprietor.
x . MEil. "Ebt72tREM,'
-dealer in
G R E. NRIOES, La.
Fuor $TRE-Tr, Natchitohews, La.
DANIEL 1'!tf l, IMOR'Vzn
SCOTTON GTN.
PATEN i'lIf .1! 'Iy i-=:.
TO *4 50 PER SAW.
t 1 tl I':S
D
rrl $GIN )ms hr'r'i in nur I i the jiasi
i ~~~tic h.: VIa Ii 'n ab~ltd. it. 011%
i~tte 1191) Idleiotj at the~ %~V t1If thýý cottont
bio, pie~ettl ,he roll from btraking,~ auLl~
hlit saut.ie :;uoi l q;' Hteed thain nyl oiilie!
(linlt I tMOe The'tt r~evol vin'r I fad l iglht
('it the u1-e1 a111 :mnl lsis the Gin to inum
fastebr t' t tn le li\ lriviitg lower, thnu doi
a:utin';i.1 potwr, thani any other r iun. 'I't:
tcil 1tintg ginitirl eery ·lose, thle length
oftiChe staptle is inlCreltit.t, jprotli~icng cot
value. 'ITis irlrtrtive.I vitlue, given bIy
Il·n-tl i of stapler, with, e ex(P1 prodluctionii
otf lint, added, to ixlcretaed auiiiut (to
W 0ok done, more than c'ttvt thte.pFo4
of thec (;ini in every lol al4,. 0Kill nut;
'L'stitiialti nctiant by iuai! on appication.
JOS. HI. WULFE & CO.,
(ElC.X A(GVNT4,
51 )..... CAJLONI)EiY' Sr........ .
1EW OI LEANSS, LA.
CC. L; WALMISLEY, Agent,
t.
r- Aiittn t "L' A':1 T(IIITOCITIES, LA.
il, 1 iI /. (YM3i OS. ;i11esC~t CI:
c~lrc 0r~t" fill ii
the h n)rlti, embracing ll tiyet' 3,(H)000,W
CI 1ninns, Painttingit (fuel hoice lirjuts1
at our enlarged AtIDU I' tfi5IS. All the
new a nil potphlar so ijeett nt"ocklr-bot
'_12 romtant ic: andt grandt i c S ctieO
the Sitsql"lniiaii:i. cu! (ot tIne hile ol't~it
st;txtlt, size 19x37 ; Lake Lutcerne; Swtt
zetittitiu, the host. Iºeantifal lake in tiji
world; Isola Bella, " charming seguce ini
ts. NNortliern Itatly. c(itnltiiii to the prece
ding; oil' Boitton Ligh t, a beautiful mm:
y. rinle, size 14x20, il great demand ; Old
Oaken 1114et! \ hite Mountains, Niaga
ra Fatlls, Nlew 1tiit't, Saratogo, Gathering
Prinnmo~t ,, At thi I S la Shorc, Padull lit
,I~Diflic~nlt?- Also 1ýit·L"iri Vesta; ii on"
to Storml Alncrichn 1,1i.t0f And other `tihx '
Nnhtjrctw' 1ý hora P nlhrtitt~.CatndN, IMunda)
,l. $:rhttt. Cluidti St tnscr, thMittoep, Bhiuk
sr. grotitithr Panls It 1c Algti thw0e I~tt. a~id
N. motitrit tnllj iu u! .tor tnjet it td UxII lChro
hunt. bottlh on white umtmonits i. Ine line.
and hbh;lack mnountsI. gold liine. ( or stcrk
en embraest everytlhingt desirable otr I )eal
encs, Agt'nts or lPretuiiiin puirpotses, anid all
Iitlioult tt our prices anul tiqality of
lhe wvork. Thu' right. p:art e; t realize mut;
,`li indejeuderutmc. In cu e y lo&.-u 1 v byakiu
wagit.c attlºt Inaromirtý tit itlvl mmiui. mainme1
ClItilittltn. I'articuItt ii ft'c. llnstrater
C('tale got' on receipt of stamp. Spud for
g $: or $5 out lit. Athdress
.1. LA\'I'I{AM &.CO..
., 419 Wasliinptonl St.. Icrctt)Ii, MassJ
It
THE
S I NOr 30 R
WtITH HER
Crowning Victory:
Tbhe C it~ftiitul Commil tee oil Sea,
ing aIniehies, after a thioruughl exaim
C inotion of *tie Various . ulclhiues ni?
exhi~iti(+ti, httive awarded
The &Si ,e y Maiaunf acturing Coornp& i
The very highest I f ijiittitliadt couild be
conferrae upou any Exljibitot
AND) CON IISTS OF
T110 j1U']DAIS OPFl ýfifb0!
A 5 7 Tn'0 DT!hOI M AS d Mti lT!
Onehonlf of nal Piie Sowing Mnctines
Sold in the Ye:M' lrt3, were SINOER'ft
which' is sufteieri t eaidetice of iMl bil*-'
riorit.y overal~l qthira.
All we ask is to test THE SIUtIfi: Ie
fore mnrehpyili; andy other. &14 n61J on e
terms. LiI~er~a (liscunt fior eneb.
lls;a~e, of, initatioi Situ efs,, and old
SING EWS panluted over to }is like new,'
and bflerrst f'or Sale bty the t''tnviassers of;
soic oftfhe other Sewhi º aiii v tij Cdon
panies as genuine Nest Sfng r 3facliunes:
..... Apply to
THE SINGf:R MA1UJ~'iACTOIRING CO.;
No. 91 CANAL4 STREIET,
Nr3W..ORLE4ANS, LA.
Or G: v. RO1ThRTS. Cjrnyua r,
) At NATCHITOCI1ES; LA
LUMBER!I
'f LUMBERS
-AT
Wi n. T-RA MIELL'S
jr. STEAM SAW MILL; Ftl'e Miles Soith of
Natchitochcs.
Is prepared to fnrnish at short notice
'elowv cash pt ices.
WM. TRAMMEL:
Feb. 24-ly
MILTIO N A, DV'N1,
Phys'au and Surgeoo
llfontlmeryM , La.