.IAV.. II. ('(GtROll'E, . Editor.
A. A. I'ELI.1, 1al Wnl. II. AREAUX,
PUBLISHERS.
NA'TCI ITOCHEtS H
SATI'IRI)AY - - - - J'ine 27, 1874.
Advertisin Kaftes.
,(i .*A l f ,.
I dO]arl . . tH I 00 I ill ) II 0 $I . (1 II$0 00
2 q'are'. .. 7 01 II) ()I) 13 O) 2) 00 25 (01
a Hlquarn,:.. 111' il I;(1100 18 0 45 11 30 I
4 AquarllR'... 1110 I1 1) 22 00 :11) 110 5 00
7 niquares... 17 0 2 (10 27 0) 33110 41 0 0
1: .q tlfls r ,s... 2:l 1 1 '24 0)) 3' ! 0 4 10 45 0r 1
8 qq :Iire'.... 2L300 1(0 00 4 301 11 6 11 0 00
1) sqlle ... 30 1111 31 5 10 III )0 57 10 105 l 10
1. q ar i"a,. 435 111 (ill) (1 711 III I11 1112i 00
2 1 I ll r'llr . . I III ii , 00 (111 )) 011 1 5 O llil il 001
'Transient adv elrtiMl mlnts l i1.50 per sqllaro of
10 lins !h'revilr, Iirt. insertlion. Each subse.
que1nt insertion 75 cPIents pi square.
Rates of Subscription.
(,oe ('npTv no yrl ...................... 3.
One Copy six mnilths. .....................1 50
(Payable in advance.)
OrU'.IilO OFFICE is slupplied with a
grieat variety of type. and work in this ldepl:rt.
in.rtt perfirnlmed ith nnIleatlle!. and at nlodel'.
atis pries.
T'ermn, CA)EII on d(lirtelry f work.
fr We must call attcntio, co a
fact, which should he apparer to all,
that we cannot run a newipaper, no
matter in what patrir'e interst,
without means. Thesup)port of a
paper requires bnt)l aite fiom each of
our citizens, and , propose to do our
part by them sl"11ld they give 11 that
support. Seltelense compels us to
tliscontiniie'fter this week, sending
thi papa to any one who lta.s not
paid. I . Remember, that you can
all t""3 the ipaper if you will, for six
inuhls or a year, and a imore fitting
,.asion cannot occur than that of the
.lass Meeting, to bring us the sub
scription price. We hope to-day to
add at least a hundred paid up sub
scribers to our list. Who will be the a
first to help those who are willing to 0
help them.
 l, ,--- ....
The attention of the city authori- ti
ties is called to the condition of the at
Dyke over Amulet bayou. The heavy pi
and continued rains and high water hi
of the Spring, have caused the earth ti
to wash away, and! a large cave has "'
occurred on the upper side, render- tll
ing crossing dangerous. Both the up- se
per and lower street crossings on that sa
bayou are in bad condition, and re- al
quire immediate repairs. tic
Our parish has been visited by a
numblr of fine showers of rain, which
has greatly benefited the growing or
crops. Cotton presents a fine ap- cI
peltrance and gives promise of a large
yield. Corn looks fine indeed, and
roasting ears are common diet every
where. In fact no more flattering e
prospects have been seen for a num
her of years as this. More attention n
has ibeen given to corn than formerly, n
bitter experience having taught our me
farmers that the cannot raise too
much. .'T'aking it all in all we have
every reason to congratulate ourplant- ke
ing friends with their prospect of sue- to
Citizens of Natchitoches; do not the
failin your Mass Meeting to-day, to eip
enforce the resignation of those mem- at i
bers of the Police Jury you have thil
pronounced either corrupt or incom- rig
petent. Your action so far has been act
to mitigate evils, and you have before A
you the very cause of some of the gar
most flangrant acts of injustice heaped wit
upon you, and you will be deserving acti
the condemnation of all good men, the
should you fail to remove it. They fina
should be given to understand dis- pro
tinctly, that they must resign and that and
immediately.
There is yet one more chance for a terr
"steal," and should the Republican has
leaders io this parish, exercise their ly 1
usual proclivities while their "hands vei
are in," we will bless them ever here- 1.0
after-that is to-"fold their tents p
and silently steal away." ed,
. ...-- .l, ,thos
Court adjourned on Monday last. and
Numerous eases were disposed of, and corr
some few criminals convicted, how be,
many we have not learned. One de- he
cision was, rendered, which we must do t
give his Honor credit for, although it in e
is one setting aside all his decisions peril
on the same cause, that of the legali. fled
ty of the issue of parish paper, ren- beot
dered while he was Parish Judge. In mat
the ease of H. Simon vs. the Parish, Mea
a suit brought to recover judgment that
on parish paper, it was decided by mov
the icourt that Police Juries had no posi
authority to isse warrants upon an Le
empty TreasMry, and the ease was gest
dismissed at Defendants costs. This cess,
is a good and lawfil decision, and sible
rendered in striot accordance with firm
those of the Saprenie Ceourt for some aers.
years back. But it seems strange to efforl
us, his Homor 1ap net seen the justice str
of this ceoarse before, and we are led
to believe that it is like the old time t
precaotion of "locking ,the stable "Peo
whuen the horse has been stoleno." .papIel
The Political Outlook,
Since the campaign of V172, which
itor. will ever be rencmembered as the epoch
of concession and comnprcmnise, the
.UX sinking of prilncil.'e for policy sake;
the rank and tile of the solid citizens
have been in confusion. Not as to
. the main desire of all true and good
- people, but as to what line of act ion
should he taken to secure the much
wished result. The demoralizing in
S flutncc of the compromise of the Bal
tinmore Convenition in li72, has been,
2 o0i and is ieing felt, in our State nore
rn particularly tiha in llany other part of
the U1nion. It is true tha thanthe prin
79 o0 ciples and objects of the ('incinnatti
P) 00
105 o part- were in the inair tile sanle as
the l)emnocrats, but tic effect of such
areof'a compromise as Vas mliade in the
iSe nolintlOlion of p'el who had previ
ously rclprerse ted ideas totally oppo
site to thle'e enunciated during the
.53.lfl whole crl'se, of their lives, was well
..l so nigh .1sastrous. and many leading
. nii,m s think thie action then taken
ilih a
partt. ,As simply a colup tIe leat of the ene
rtuti. ny, to secure the masses from the
leadership of the old harness wearers
of the Democracy.
all, 'he theory is certainly a good one'
that new converts to anly punlic line
I11 of policy should for a season rehearse,
as it were, in private, the role that
if education and social standing should
entitle thenm to among their new
t friends. The principles enunciated in
the Cincinnatti platform, were sub
stantially the same as the fixed and
ing often uttered truths of the great Dem
ocratic organization. That being ad- 1
mnitted, why the necessity or policy of
ng having the men, who had suddenly :
nldiscovered the truth and justice of the
b- demands of that (the lemnocratic).
to party, placed at the helm to guide I
them to'a triumph of those principles, I
le and on such a great anlld momentous I
occasion as the one then before us.
But the evil eftfect has not been con- c
fined to the disaster of the 'National t
ri- ticket, the moral of the rank has been i
he seriously tested. The idea of comn
vy promise although not a new thing, c
der having been once put in force by
th those who were supposed to be the e
as "wise doctors," following example by y
!r- the lesser light, was a necessary con- Y
p- sequence; the lesser have met the 0
at same fate as the greater, as has been ti
e- abundantly shown, even in our por- If
tion of the State. a
The only element possessing any ni
a strength or standing, opposed to conm- 8
Spromise or concession, in either State 01
Sor National politics in 1872, were P
P classed by us, and when we say us,
we are willing to include ourselves;n
as fire-eating, unpracticable Demo- d'
crate or Bourbons, and we can now le
see how wise was their then seeming p1
nnpracticability. We wish not to be o
a understood as advocating all the I
' measures then proposed by that ele- In
ment, nor do we wish they should P
0 have all control of thie party, as their d
e liking and wants might not be in til
keeping with ours, and detrimental fo
Sto public good; but we must admit th
I that the Bourbon element, as it was ef
t then termed, had the virtue of prin- "5
o ciple as its foundation stone, and has pi
- at last secured thie approbation of all tn
e thinking men, or nearly all, of being
- right in the main, in point of line of n
r action. an
e At present we are "at sea" as re- ge
s gards a fixed basis of conduct and, thi
I with the exception of the isolated loi
Saction of citizens in many parishes of col
,the State, no well settled and de- tem
rfinately marked plan has yet been by
- promulgated for the fall campaign, sui
and it may yet be premature to do an
so. The idea of compromise, on any sin
terms and under all circumstances, in
has we are happy to see been entire- liti
ly abandoned, and the fight of No- the
vember will be made, we conjecture, isI
upon the broad and high platform of bei
principle. No alljances will be form- ".,
ed, or tolerated by the masses, with bei
those who have in the past organized jul
and controled the colored vote for is
corrupt purposes. This is as it should tw
be, it is not a question of redeeming for
he State. only, that is at iesse, but to p
do that, and at the same time place
in hebarge of the welfare and pre- for
perity of the State, men well quali- "C(
fled by reason of their intelligence, fve
honesty, and identification with the pari
material interests of the people. trac
Meanwhile it must be borne in mind teen
that no false step should be taken, no bun
move should be made whereby *ou ting
position should be compromised. Poli
Let us calmly snurvey. the field, di- allo
gest all the plans proposed for auc- ~itl
ceses, and after selecting the mos~t fea- war
sible and less liable of failire, we can that
form our ranks and. spread our banm
-ers. Victory will only .crown our funE
efforts by a reliance upon our ow, boul
strcugtA. Unity of action is the key ed
note to success,
tP2 Don't fail to subscribe for the The;
"Peoples' Vindicator." The only live er, '
paper in Natchitoche. cy a
The Republican on the People's
hicli Meeting.
poel Under tlhe caption of "The People's
,the Meeting" the Republican, a sheet
ike ; published in this city in the interest
izens and representing the views of thile
as to "powers that be," has an article, if it
good can be dignified by such an appella
t tion tion, upon the action of the citizens
mncu who assembled in our city two weeks
in since; and as we are aware, that the
Bal- circulation of that sheet is very limit
Cean, ed among that class of persons, the
nore tax payers, who composed that meet
rt of bing, we think it but pryoper to give it
inn- a little ventilation.
Intti It says, the avowed object of the
e as meeting was to adopt measures to
iech stop the ?unnccessar!/ expenditure of
the funds by the Police Jury, and inaugu
evi- rate means to decrease the burden of
po taxation--lbut mark you, the declared
the object was the personal abuse of "of
well licers in power," and that this was
ling evinced by the series of resolutions
ken promulgated, and by the language
me- and style of address used by the speak
the ers on the occasion; to quote fully
rers its language, "by appealing to the
excited feelings of the people to arouse
me, ' them to acts of violence, against such
line officials."
rse, This is all "bosh" as that Journal
,hat well knows. Will it please explain
mId to fie satisfaction of the people,
tow why (!) they are excited ? They admit
I in that we are, and intimate that we have
ub- just ctuse to be excited. We will
cId tell you Mr. Reiublican, and we gain- I
mn- say your denial of the fTcts, why
Rd- the people are aroused. They have I
of awaked to a just sense of their duty,
nly and they are just beginning to realize
the the dreadful condition they have been t
Gic). drifting to by the acts of your Re- c
ide publican rulers, and that they have
es, been shamelessly and systimatically
>us plundered by your officials. S
us. We defy you to point to one offi. c
on- cial act of the Republican party in tI
mal this parish for the past four years,
en intended to benefit the tax-payer or P
m. to meliorate the condition of any g
cg, class of our citizens. If
by Examine the records of the pro- ii.
he ceedings of your intelli! nt, your good, b
by your loyal Police Juries, and what do d
y,. you find in the mass of Senega mbian d
he or idiotic legislation, any act passed ci
en to benefit the parties who pay the si
or. money to support your officers f What ce
are toll and road bridges, your map u]
ry and immigration contracts? Open at
n- swindles or steals, done in dlefiance "
te of law and the protest of all decent Ia
r people of the parish, both black and JI
, white; it is useless to say they were Ip1
; not put in effect, that thIe courts had
- decided them fraudulent, the onerous a
Slegislation lies at your door, and the re
Spressure o.f public opinion, tile opin- cj
e ion of those, who assembled in mass y
meetingou the 13th inst., and who y
Smeet again to-day, and to whom you ti
d proceeded to read a lecture upon their e
ir duties as peaceable citizens, and in- ye
n timated that no "real" wrongs existed so
11 for which they should demand redress; (ti
it that forced yodr courts to destroy the it
, effects of such legislation. You must loi
S"stand thie point" nor will the peo- sul
Sple allow your party to claim the vir- pr
II tue of necessity. ap
g Look at the squ.ander of publicti
f moniesto bogus paupers and favorites; of
and here lies one of the most outra- dii
- geous and long continued robberies in $8'
, the whole lot, under the name of al- an
I lowances to pauper funds and pay for tiv
f contingent expenses, thousands, aye, s
- tensof thlousands ofdollars were stolen a
c by your "individuals in office," under thl
, such flimsy guises as, warrants upon th
c an empty' T'reasury to panpers long an
I since dead or who haid only existed me
, in name, in, the minds of your "po- tio
litical leadlers," at the rate of over a lie
thousand dollars per month, and there 14i
is at this moment paupers who are I
being allowed, by that model, that insi
"new" 'Police Jury, paying saleries for lou
Ibeing mpeidicants. There are in "ti
Ijudgments obtained against the par- par
ish, warrants calling in amounts from par
twenty to one thouesand dollars each., bo
for allowances as alms to the destitute kee
poor. of i
Your warrants issued to favorites con
for suchnell swindling measures as the the
"Coart House paintidg job," of sixty.t me
five uidred dollars, which the very wee
party who did, the . work, had con- you
tracted with the Sheriff to do for ff- ted
teent hundred dollars. Steals of six agi
hundred dollars as "extra pay con- ger
tingents" to the Clerk of the Barron sion
Police Jury in 1871, which was never ply
allowed in open meeting, but adroitly ed 1
interliCed by that "Prince-of-pauper. pub
vwarrant-issuers," the theu clerk of evem
that henorable bod.. be
What is the condition of the School you
fund Y Where are the fourteen school eve
houses built in this parish, as report- pari
ed to the State officials by your - ( did.
Mlculate board of"school managers ?" verJ
They are where Hamlet sanw his fath- an a
er, "in his minds eye ;" and the mon. and
cy abstracted upon those fraudulent cani
le's vouchers, has been added to thle al
realdy overflowing pockets of your
"such offlicials." Where are your
et oasted schools in "euccesstful opera
tion ?" They ate as that of your lRon
the orable Senator's academy in this city,
f it who draws his salery of $1Sf) per
month for teaching, while he pays $30
to have the drudgery of that sitna
tion done, that he may "air" himself
in the (;cneral Assembly, or strut
through our streets with his loud
nit
the mouthed decantations upon "AshL.n
tee political economy."
Who derives benefit from the mon
ey collected for school purposcs ? )o
the the white tax payers of this city or
to parish? Kecting, ye gentle "confis
f cator," ordered a white school estab
lished here a year since; Why has it
onot been done f Was it because there
red had been no funds left front the steal
of- age of certain oflicials, or that the
fiunds had been lost with the notorious
''s "Tin IBox," the reward for which had
e been paraded, to attempt to delude
ak- the people into the belief that the
liy money contained therein, was vot to
the the credit of the private account of
some o one of your school board in a
cll city bank.
These are some of the reasons, ta
tal ken in connection with the notorious
,in speculations of your Collector, Mr.
le, Republican, and his penchant for dis
nit troying courts and removing Police ]
, Juries, that he might have no imrpedi
'ill ment, in a legal way, in his "crush
n. ing" process, of the white people of
. our Parish, added to to the insolence, a r
re part of which is well shown in your a
issue of Saturday, with which the C
zo remonstrances and supplications of'a
the people, have heretofore been re
ceived by your party, why they are
excited and justly indignant. a
ly You say, or intimate, that no occa
sion existed for the assemblage of
f. citizens upon Saturday, 13th inst., a
in that the Police Jury had "met at the a
r, tequest of tax payers, irrespectire of n
party distinctions or race," and had n
Sgiven the desired relief. This state
mert is false in some particulars, and Ii
in keeping with the insolence which hl
I, has marked the career of your plhI- Si
lo dering party. Irrespective of "party tl
n distinctions and race," forsooth-who pl
d composed the call made to your Pre- gt
e sident of the Polic Jury, and which AI
t call ihe politely declined to acceed to, e:
p upon the plea of "saving exliense," tl
n and were informed with a smile most h1
e "child-like and bland" that it wonh IR
t lay over until the regular meeting, ce
d Jnuly 6th. Examine the namnes of tihe s
perisouns composing the Comlmittee of al
ii Seventy, appointed at that ameeting, I'
Sare they not composed of mten "ir- th
e respective of party or race." The d
- cill made and the nmeeting held, which T
s you allude to, was brought about, when an
o( our Republican leaders saw the no- d
N tices of the mass meeting of the citi- or
r zens, upon thie streets of our city, uand e
your statement of any other causes of wi
i so suddncu a return to virtue, are only wi
; ithe utterances of a fool or a knave. ze
o it was the fear of the just indignation, ar
t long pent up, of thIe people against no
such outrageous acts as the $900 ap
propriation to I. C. Myers; the $1500
appropriatih to DI). II. Boullt, and "
the pay for mrileage to each member
of 50 cents per mile, making an ad- lel
ditional cost to tlhe tax payer of over ti
$800 per annum in pay to that body, di
and in direct opposition to Legisla
tive enactment; arrayed with the long t
succession of villainous plunders that 1ta
Irhas suelled the rate of taxation to
the enormous aunt of eiglt per cent; cal
that led to the call of the Police Jury, ip
and the hasty repeal of some of those we
measures, and to soften the indigna- ar
tion of the people and allay the pub
lic pulse, the taxes were reduced some
14} mills. ha
Does the Republican suppose for an len
instant, that tile lpeople are so credu- t
lons as to be imposed upon by such
"twaddle," as that the Republican wid
party.is pledged to "reform" in this i
parish ? No, sir! we know too well c
how you make pledges, and how you
keep them. Look at the compromise
of 1872, of Parish and city officers, a o
compromise made by your party for wot
the same cause that led to "your call
meeting" 'of the Police Jury last tre
week; fear of the people. Hol haowe
yoa kept the plkdges tlhen made? Viola. tle
ted it in every instance when you im- son
agined the people had been no lon- Rg
ger on the watch for you. Your mis- by I
sion as a party in the South, is sim. For
ply plunder, and you stand condemn- to p
ed before the bar of the Northern Be- left
publican party upon that chlarge, and we 1
even the colored man no longer can side
be duped by your protestations. If
you mean reform, why is it that ish
every honest Republican in our fou
parish has deserted you, and why Whr
did they attend and take part in trhe
very meeting which you allude to, as W
an assemblage to provoke antagonism 8
and to make political capital .' Be- past
cause they know what reform you are rice
al- Ient upon, and what your pledgcs
our amount to.
our 'lihe canting demagogue can cry re -
era- form as well as the purest citizen.
Yon- Your acts belie the whole tenor of
ity, your pretentious.
per You found the Parish of Natchito
$30 ches six years ago, happy and con
na- tented, with but very little debt --good
self schools--her social and political con
drut diton quiet and calm, and what is her
ud condition to-day ? You have destroy
ai-. ed her happiness and contentment;
hundreds of her sons wander in for
on- eign States exiles from your rule, her
1)o lands have depreciated ten told, her
or labor destroyed, her fields, the richest
(is- and rarest in all this broad land, are
a- abanlloned wastes, her palaces are
s it given to the roosts of bats and owls,
ere and poverty sits at the hearthstone
a of her people-crime stalks abroad
tire and virtue has fled the once proud
)us temple of justice. ",Simul motus c/.r
ld ideltium." You have arrayed the
ile black man against us, you have squan
lhe dered $250,000 of tile money of her
to people, have incurred a debt of a
of Hundred Thousand more, and when
la her citizens meet, the very persons
who paid or have to pay these taxes,
taw- who support this government; they I
must he read a lecture upon their du
ties as citizens, and advised to quiet
submission by such sheets as the Re
ý,e publican, whose very existence is an r
li- example of the people's sufferage, and I
h- insolently told to seek redress through t
of the courts. Courts packed by your U
a minions, judicial benches presided a
ur over by men reeking with villainy and 11
1e corruption; this is the song you would
of attempt to lull us to sleep with. We n
e- spurn your advice as we do you. Your
re "might" has, in the past, made "right" I
and we intend to show you in future
how men, however they may be in
the minority, so that they represent, f
as we do, the tax paying, intelligent i.
and respectable portion of the com
trf iunity ; "knowing their rights, dare o0
ntmaintain them."
W- \e understand that a committee df
d Radicals, waited upon Mr. (uinning- 01
h ham, Chairman of the Committee of 3"
t- Seventy, with a view to understand if t¬
y the meeting of citizens which takes t
o place to-day, was an armed demon- 01
stration. This is going a little too far
h Mr. Republican leaders, and if you s
, expect to make political capital in al
" that way you are sadly mistaken. We l
ut have said, and we repeat it, that thie i
d Radical thieves are treated here with l
, entirely too much consildration, and tn
e such a conmnittee as the one named
f above, should be instantly snubbed. e
, They niust have outraged us more T
- than is shown, tlhat they should feel 0
e deserving of extreme pnnishment. OI
1 The Republican leaders have time and
n again within thie past six years para- cr
- ded gangs of armed negroes through it
- our streets, insulting citizens and 51
eI ven going so far as to threaten them ni
f with death, without consulting thIe (a
I white people aboutit; and should eiti- lil
zeus desire to bear arms, we are not P
Saware of any reasons why they should t
t not, or iny law forbidding it. -
We trust thie Mass Meeting te-fday, th
will do something to rid rs effectual- wl
ly of some of the causes of this bad ifm
legislation, with which our parish, i
through the Police Jury, has been Ih
disgraced, Le
The question, as to whose interest ser
they, (the Police Jury) are being rnn a i
has been' sufficiently answered by the
President refusing or neglecting to Th
call the meeting, as required b!y lae, He
upon the petition presented him lastt t
week, signed by a number of our
largest tax payers.
This way of treating these thieves
with such marked consideration has Yo
had the tendency to make them inso
lent and arrogant, and we prediet a
that unless you assume a stern line of
policy, do what you say you will do, a
anrd say you will do something that be
will make them quake from center to
eircumferance, your meetings will be A
barren of permanent good. A
Remember that you have started in a
for reform, and unless you "burn your ye
boats," you will find somne persons ty
who will suggest the propriety of a re- .ne
treat, and retreat means ruin. o
_______ ter -
We were pleased to meet during not,
thie week, Messrs. Collins and Ander. sion
son, the former editor of the La. State Iov
Register. They have been appointed all
by the Government to appraise the live
Fort Jessup Reservation, with a view vha
to placing it in the market. They shoe
left for Ft. Jessup onu Thursday, and ed
we bespeak for them the kind con- acte
sideration of the people of Sabine. comr
The Republican party of the Par- Vp
ish of Natchitoches, is pledged to re- te
form.-kepubliear. 20th. !havi
Whena thIe Devil v)as sick, ; Saint hlie ad
would be;
When the Devil was well, devil a Saint l
was he. dog
See the steals of the party for the eral
past four years, and thie citizens mnass '
nicetlinr, j.and
gesi (rafuldlalher Whiltljeadj' s Sl,.
r o iiow muclh like the chilrens stori,
re - often told our liltle ones, reads te
of article in last issue of Ihe I:,tLblic,.l
over three '' o. flow sugar-coatel
it the ords, and hoIudl the advice, a
it- perfect "soothing syrup" as it were
wod with its anxiety that no clauic sehould
on- arise or occasio ur, that aun one
( should 'et hurt." hBut to render thi.;
story instrittive, the writer should
it have pointed his moral; as he lhs
' overlooked or neglected to d6 Ro, we
or
her will attempt to supply that deficiettcy.
her We will skip the preliminary part of
est his tale, ad.l "assumnw the asp.ct" of
are putting a litle plain English to apply
to the meek and water effusion now
before us:
Ine "All of the jiudgment creditora,
with a very few exceptions, were pre
sent and participants in the Imeeting,
d yet nothing was done with this tax
.r- then and there, whee the most oner
the ous taxation existed, and was repre.
sented. When the prelimiiiary Ipart
It of the meeting was through with s,-v.
icr oral speeches were made, exhibiting
fa marked efforts of passion and temlper.
en The iweeting assumed a political as.
pect. l'The Republicans were denoune.
MR ed individually and collectively : the
es, court and judges denounced, alk for
cy the sake of taxation. We cannot for
n- our lives see what the District Court
het had to do with taxation, or the do
ie nunciatioln of individual Republicans
:e- had to do with the postponement or
an reduction of taxes. The taxes had
tid been reduced, and remitted in two
i particulars. The occasion was cer
tainly a fitting one to nmakean attack
ar upon the Republican party, because
?d advantage could be taken of the in
id flamed condition of the minds of the,
Il people, on account of high taxation,
and hence inflammatory speeches
e were in order.
i You cannot see "for the life of you,"
V7 why you are denoiniced. Of course
re you are not responsible for this tax
i ation ; for the issue of parish money;
t, for the present condition of our par
it ish. Oh, no ! It was caused by the
- war; Which war ? That of I1l2 or
re or 1865 f You could just as well ap
ply the one as a cause as the other.
It does not take a people possessed of
our advantages a century nor ten
f years to recover from a war, no mat
if ter how disastrous. It was perhaps
the Democrats who stole the money;
of course they have ruled the parish
. for the past six years. Suppose we
u say that these Republican individu
n als, the viry ones named in the reso
lutions and speeches at the miass meet
ing, are the persons who arc responsi
h ble for all this ruin and degredation
that is now upon us, vwhat then.
1 "They give no credit to the Gov-.
ernor andU the Auditor f,,r causing the
reduction of C nlmills of State tax.
e They give no credis to thle Attorie
I General for saving the State $504l,lNit
ii the Gelierial ilropriation Bill,
iand saving 8950,HiO on the S~tae
Iloluse conltract. All thlese thing. are
credits to the lRepubllican party, but
I it seemls they discussetd only the debit
1 side. If the intention of the alrgu
lment on that occasio in was designed
to array ollne race against the othelr,
(and we cannot see it in any other
- light), and organize a white man's
t partyJ, tihe gentld en taking the in
itiative hae assumled grave author
ity anld responsibility; they have a
ponderous load to bear, one that we
do uot envy them. We agree that
the last legislature did some acts
-which were discreditable, and one
Sinstance in particular which we con
sider without precedent, that of pay
ing the mileage and per diem of those
who were members of the McEnery
Legislature, and wholihd rendered no
service to the State, and for the largoe
amount paid to those persons, the
people of this parish most bear a part
of the burden to pay by taxation.
These payments were not made to
Republicans but to Democrats, solme
of whom cannot be too violent in
their dennanciation of the Republican
party."
How did you reduce your State tat
6) mills, was it notjust this way ?
You contracted a debt for the people,
and not your people either, for all the
taxes your Southern RIadicals pays,
is but a tithe to what the Democrati
are forced to put up; that debt hadl
been increased; all the time to your
knowledge, that of your Governor,
Auditor and the Modern Senegambian
Kanga:roos, whom you delegate each
year to represent other peope's proper
ty in your General .Assembly; to
nearly twenty millions beyond your
oin constitutional limitation. No mat
ter whether this was a just debt or
not, it had been incurred and provi
sions had to be made for its payment.
How did you do it t Oh ! shades of
all the political economists who have
lived and died, you know nothing of
what you wrote and practiced, .you
sholild have seen how tihe toned, learn
ed makers of the laws in Louisiana
acted. Governor W. P. Kellogg re
commendls and the willing legislature
rcpelihtecs the twenty millions and
then the party claims thanhks (?) for
having ref urd payment of ajust debt,
and credit for the taxes having been
reduced 61 mills in consequence, Wr.
do give credit to Mr. Attorney Genll
eral, asl far as it goes, for his isaving
O(I,600O on General appropriation,
and '9J5o0.00 on the State louse con-