OFFICIAL
Paper ofthe Parish and CityofNatchitoches
JAS. H. COSGROYE, - . - Editor.
SATURDAY, - - - JULY 27, 1678.
ANNOUN CEM ENT S.
FOR CONGRESS, 4TH DISTRICT.
HON. J. B. ELAM,
Of DeSoto.
FOR STATE TREASURER.
J. C. MONCURE,
Of Caddo.
FOR THE STATE SENATE.
Natchitoches Parish presents
M. J. CUNNINGH 4M ESQ.,
subject to the action of the Pleasant Hill
Convention.
For Sheriff.
We are anthorized to announce L. A.
DEBLIEUX as a candidate For Sheriff.
snljoet to nomination by the Democratic
Convention of this parish.
Vested Rights.
A writer in the Delta over the nom
de plume "Legislator" defends, or at
tempts to defend, the amendments,
and favors their adoption, as well as
the defeat of an early call of a Con
stitutional Convention, for snndry
reasons which have been answered
fully by the constitutional convention
press.
One point, however, we deem
worthy of passing notice. This cor
respondent is evidently a lawyer, at
least we judge so fromn the peculiar
ignorance he displays in confound
log apolitical right with legal prir
vileges. The same stale, absurd ar
gument is advanced by this writer
which has been employed by them
all-the inhibition in the constitution
of the United States preventing a
State from divesting rights or impair
ing the obligation of contracts. All
this is very well as far as it goes, but
there is a constitutional principle still,
which "Legislator" failed to mention,
and which completely riddles this
"vested right" theory; and that prin
ciple is, that no citizen can BY LAW
enjoy any RIGHT, PRTVILEGE OR IMMU
NITY not accorded to other citizens ! No
legislature has the right or the con
stitutional power to grant such ex
clusive privileges. No form of con
tract can be made constitutionally
binding which excludes other citizens
from enjoying the political rights ac
corded therein. The right to own a
certain property is one that cannot be
impaired, but the attempt to enforcie
such a doctrine as, that no one could
own property in Louisiana save a
certain named person or persons
would subject the doctrinaire to ridi
cule, and yet this is the very doctrine
that "Legislator" advances, only in
another form. To say that Charley
Howard should have the right to
conduct a lottery, or that certain
companies should be allowed to sup
ply water, gas or beef to a city, is legal
and proper, but when you step be
yond the bound of granting them that
privilege and deny the right of other
citizens who desire to do the same
thing should they comply with the
same requirements, then you invade
theirpolitical rights, with which they
are solely "vested" and of which you
have no right to deprive them. "Ex
bIsive privileges" are incompatible
with the genius and spirit of our in
stitutions. Certain qualifications mey
be stipulated as a requirement to the
enjoyment of a stated privilege, but
to eclude from its enjoyment any
oitizea whatsoever is 'imperial and
tbrepublican. A Democracy can ex
lst, and does exist, where certain sets.
duties 'r possessions are required of
the citizen before he can enjoy cer
taMo privileges or perform certain.
functions, but the attempt to inhibil'
the citizen from performtina tho se ats
or doties or from acquiring those pos
sesions would smash the whole fahbrie
ot democracy and render the, govern
meet an oligarchy. Yet tLhe werne
:principle underlies all these elatmed
"vested rights" and solemn "ncon
tracts." "leaislator" needs hot to re
alize the fact, that a citizen cannot.
under oar form of government, he cx
eluded from the enjoyment of any
right immunity or privilege whiceh
another citisen may enjry ; and when
be realizes that fact tifk beantifi|!
house of cards; bis obligation of
"contracts;" his "vested right." thlro
ry, comes tumbling down opon his
head.
C. B. Tebaolt M. D., President Cit
isenas, Taxpayers add Workigrman's
&Asseeiatloo, favors as with a copy of
the Constitution and By-Laws of that
Asoelation.
We notice that the Anti-Copetitu
tional Convention men are talking of
"vested thit" agito. Isi* it stinl
gplau that~iJs fellows can't under
seand the diference. between a privi
lege sad a right
St L has had aa asi soy
8unastroke. in one day, of which nim
berM died.
he ae7 throp ahoaiothe Ntt thas
been very oppiresive for the pest toe
des4 and eon str~aSb hbeen ow-est
akge by the arndus.
Democratic Discipline.
There are certain journals in this
State that claim to be extra democrat
ic, and they deprecate in most un
measured terms the calling of a con
stitutional Convention. Some of
them have gone so far as to say, that if
the Democratic Convention at Baton
Rnouge, in obedience to popular will,
endorsed the call, a large "number of
Democrtals would not support the
ticket ;" and intimate that the party
would lose their raluable (?) services.
as outspoken (!) journals, during the
coming contest.
These fellows are the "hairpins"
who continually prate of party disci
pline, and are forever flineing in the
faces of other people their want of
"loyalty to the party."
Constitutional Convention,
The result an far, in the selection of
delecntea to Brton Rni,ce instrneted
to vote for a C.nntitutionnl Conven
tion. has exceed-d nour most anaCnine
prpectatinn. TTp to this writing hnt
we parishesº have nut themQelves in
nnposition. Onehiitan and Assention.
Tt is sasfto Rn that the anti consti.
*ntrinanlR convention men will not
nnmhber one hundred in the Con yen
tion. Of all North Louisinna from
the month of Red River to the Ark
ansas line. and from the 1itaissirini
to the Sahine, there will be hot three
nnrishes in ornnnition - Onachita,
Union and Rapides.
1 Indicated.
The handsome tribute paid the VI'
DTCATOR by the parish convention, in
adopting resolntions so emphatic and
in line with our utterances, fills ns
with no small amount of pride.
Stubbs and the Donaldsonville Chief,
who are waiting to see "the peo
pie go back on the VINDuICATOR and
its class," Rill have to postpone for
another two years their anticipated
enjoyment.
The citizens of Natchitoches, as well
as the citizens all over Louisiana,
know upon what men and what news
papers ttfey had to depend for help
and hope during their darkest hours,
and knowing them they will uphold
them so long as they continue to
battle for the right.
M. J. Cunningham, Esq.
The democracy of Natchitoches par
ish present to their fellow-citizens of
the parishes of Red River, DeSoto
and Sabine the above named gentle
man, as the choice of this parish for
State Senator from this District. Mr.
Cunningham requires no introduction
at 'our hands. lHe is well known
throogk~ot the Distaict as a compe
tent, honorablo gentleman and an
unwavering democrat.
We confidently hope for his nom
ination at Pleasant Hill, and in that
event we are sure of his election.
The Malls,
We have stood the vagaries and
failores of the mail carriers as long as
any people could, with the hope that
there would be a change for thie bet
ter, but that which we complain of
grows daily worse. We are ten days
without a paper from New Orleans,
and the latest Shreveport paper,
which should be with us 24 hours af
ter publication, bears date 21st.
Who is to protect as from this mail
monopoly, and to whom are we to ap
peal for help Mr. Peterson, speak
up.
RAPIDES NOTES.
Proma Our Special Reporter.
Alexandria, July, 21st 1878,
The much talked of mass meeting
came off yesterday. Thie same "old
patty" had tlding fixed up as usual,
hat tllenyas' rather slaughhtered their
plans. At least they did so partially,
which gives evidence that the next
time they will do it folly.
The commit tee on resh)utions after
endorsing Nicholls and tlhen compli
'imenting rthemelvrs, haid tacked on to
'ha tail of the Resluti.ons that well
known. "B,!it Reol'ved," That the
,.ha •.r point'i r ith: -dgTlA gate.s-and
riglht there the h,s raisled a howl,
•nd carried as an am dmed nt, by a
large majority, that the delegates
should 1* elected by ballot. The re
silt of the election was as fallows:
Wise, Jeffrie, Texada, Blackman,
Ryan, Williams, Fellows, Ragsdale,
Pergusoh and EG. RG. nter. A reso
alanim "to instrnct thie delegates to
vots fS .Vsintional Conv-antion
was ionst.andi they go nninatructed,
wfhi a msjtrity of thd delegates fa
voring.a New constitution...
We have a new paper the Gazette,
claiming "indepeodency" of thought
andbeltation. Weather being hot. Crops
throughout the parish' floe and the
planters lItertaio no fear ,pf the cat
tqpiar pest.. The 1ore[crop bids
fair to be more abundant titan ever
before known and oar "oldest and]
best" farmers put the price do p at
25 cents per bshel this fall.
Old Rapides, I am proud to say, is
enjoying the blessing of good health-
which is something as an offset for the
weather.
'The VINDICATOI will again hear
from me and I hope to note a victory
for the "hodlnims" next shot.
.Y:ours. CnrsP.
Natbehitoehes uanoimouely recom
mehda Joe Caningham to this dis
I·-~
VERSO\ N)T' i.
' iont Or:r -pecial T "piort:ir.
"(t'm ot f (o`u and toittº; ' ;nlt , of
course all the rI tk. C(orn tolal are
made, so to spt, k, nid vt'er.' fine they
are, while thel, c,,to prlmliies to
yield handsomely. We are haviait
too much rain, which is causing tihe
cotton to shed in some places. No
worms yet.
We had quite a storm of wind iand
rain on 7th inst., a tree was blown
down across Dr. Smart's store, and
the crops on Sandy Creek injured
some little from water and wind.
Things political are boiling. We
are strong in favor of a Constitutional
Convention and will send delegates
to Baton Rounge so instructed. The
greenihackers are yet at work but they
don't seem to make mIuch progress
against the D).mocracy.
Yonrs B
In Line.
The New Orleans Picaynne hitherto
and generally, as Bill Arp would say.
on the "flop" has settled, down to its
issue of Nor. 9th, 1877, which will he
seen is in line with Ith Constitutional
Convention press of the State:
The time is at Inrild when the re
rresentatives of the people of this
State, convened in General Assemtly,
will he called nteon to consider the
necessity of authorizing and proi.
ding for a constitutional convention
or otherwise amending the existing
fundamental law.
The last constitution made hby the
people of Louisiana was nullified by
the resnlts of the war ofsecession.
Since the close of the war, except a
brief interval in the latter part of
1866 and the early part of 1867, the
real people of the State have had no
constitution and no government which
could he called their own. The in
strument under which our present
legislative, executive and judicial
machinery is carried on Ia in spirit
and truth no constitution at all. It
is not the act and deed of the people;
it was not made by men who can
claim to have been the representa
tives of the peoplt ; the body which
compiled it was not authorized by the
people's Legislature ; the nterests of
the people were not consulted in its
construction ; when it was ordered
at Washington louisiana had no
friend in the House. the Senate, or
any branch of the General Govern.
ment ; when the bayonet election for
delegates was held white men were
practically excluded from voting, be
cause of the humiliating and revolt
ing regulations which they were
oblige to observe. The orders for
holding the convention had no war
rant under the constitution of the
United States. The people of the
State were in the hands of an over
powering tyranny and were in no
humor to exercise the mockery of
citizenship at the point of the bay
onet. They felt that the convention
and ail the orders and proceedings
preliminary to it were nullities in
law. They did not try to vote be
'canue they aiO not Wish to indoreab vie
acts of reconstruction nnder which
their votes had to be given if given
at all. They weore in a waiting atti
tude hoping that the war would at
least be over and the ruthless hand 4
of the tyrant wonhd be unclasped
from their necks. They were under
a daress that took away freedom of
action ; they either refused to act, I
believing that such unauthorized vo
ting could result in nothing valied or
obhlgatory, or else vote *ith the hope
of some good outcome from an illegal
procedu re.
Yet this illegal and voidable con
stitution, instead of being a transient
instrument of oppression, has served
as the warrant for a wicked dynasty
that has insulted, reviled, persecuted,
slandered, mocked, deflied and plun
dered tire white men and women of
this State for eight tedious and dis
mal years. During that black and
hateful era there has been no peace,
no liberty, no security, no justice for
the honest white men of Louisiana. I
in a bideously farcical travestie of a
State .Government, they have been
obliged to see once honored stations
accupied by a foul brood of vagabonds,
betttr worthy of cells in jails and peni
tentiaries; to see men snmaking laws
who had no right to look a gentle
man in the face; to see mnen growiig A
wealthy by the sale of thlieir decisionsA
fromt the Lench ; to see adventurers. I
inecapahle of earning all honest liv'eli
hood, heconlilng suddenly rich on of. '
ficial plinderl ; to see the crerdit of the
State broken dwmn and a debt piled
,,pan her and h',r ,etropolis that
murte cripple both fr half a centnry ;
tor see mei, asmll)ing) to be r)preset )
tati 'es of Lotisian pimmpoily l'stint
ring in thle halls of C,'nOgress, whih.
inusy ill didviing schen,s (ti ,,e,
fltitlter oppilesail,n, and to he witles
sn Olf Ii8CeP ntll ilt d iuniitl erhlt tle aidt
,f fl,.ial t ialversation all over Ithe I
ltniniitiollWentl h.
Oiur ipresent legislators and. nur ex
ecuntive and judi(ian officers lhire bern i
e,,mpelled hy circulltmstances t, acl
ntder this mock Constitution, having
no alternative. The House and Sei- t
ate mat act rder it still, regadless I
of its spurious and villainous origin.
The .s1rengthl of the new and titls
Government was all needed in the
work of self preservation, and during (
the' re'ular and special sessions of
this year there was nhi, time whenq it as
would Ihave'been altogether expediente
to call a convention. In January and
Fehrnary next tliere will be no sellc
attendanrt hlindrances. The way will
be clear for snch action as the occa
sine demands, and the people of the *
Stateu may be permitted at last to be I
heard tlrough their delegates in at
constitttional- convention.
The seheons for a convention are
manry. :We have purposely limited i
otr remarks to thie statetmeot of a
single one, and that the most urgent.
A eonstitutiea shodld be called because
oes haever eoostitiuttion whici the peo
ple caa properly call tAit oesa. It is 1
derogatory to the lhonor and dignity
of the State to tolerate the existing
sham a single needless day. t
Alex. Steplihens has "explained" to '
his "Constitnerite," and he goes back
to Congress. Little Alex's, speech,
winch we waded throagh, is a dull
deluage of drab fueoim1 a s egotism.
ConstitoationalConantion.
i n uiJ; . N ril i n!' el ar e i ti fi ,tl fIait e l.
\ ,, ii inf; |'iiti hl' i ,ep0lr! 1f,1 a whole
f' \. i-- tiN ehit'telii V\inti-':itr '.
\e hag ito inform toihe Vindieator
a1i aud all thers beIlow iv anstiel.
Iia' thle mnitl ser'vice is good lttweeti
this ) latet ani Shrievelttti , hillh thai
IPeterson'I Iransportat| inn tftrilities ht'
I en this In'lc a l .Nat(tchllit ich ri,
Si Iliil, nit,hilng. Th'lw hay ive a p oli
o'l lirse that is i(all3 11 tilu lI. to ea -
ry the rider, ln l It.il s .; 'vl'al large I
'ls'c ot llutu. It is thlI rule., ild nlo
the exception, that hileu f.il ti o C.arl
the entire tniati through. Iin fllet,
there is neat vly alt wavys mail left't in
thlie post-oflice ill this pilacie. Ab lout
thiree days ago, we SIw tilhe nmail (arl
rier retlrn to the postMollice, after
going ihot i il huidti d yiards. iand oit
withstandiing the lerot!est of tl-he posf
Ilaustel', puntt :1 lIl re sik t'of aai) ilbalk
lill ihi Ires)--It c4'. N/W i \Vf.dl eM(
in the post-f.Iflij(. On Wedineid:i
PVeIill g last wI' hIiappllej d to to lie in
tlhe i)s.t f liee and ,;1w that, a I:Ire
tIt of mail fir N lCtellitlOclies and the
lower parishes w;i left Ibehind, hl.e
cae ist' ihey coIll not carry it. We\
have known while sacks of mail mat
let Ito lie left in oulr lomst itfiee fI'
s,' eeiil weeks at a liall. Petersonlill is
iloilig tll hi lu ng Imiuire ll r11' less Ilthati
owindlin the governllmet and n It
r:ugi ug the iPeoile. We ian pirove
all these hlla:ges and will d4 s1 at and
tine. The hlai rlequlires, we believe.
hat ilre mail sliiiihlo lie carliiil
hlluiingh frinl Shlrevlepit i t ilhe liuuit
'of Reti iiver in 56 holiurs, an ti e ie
live it to lie ii fetw , that mail mtitter
ii frequently 56 days on the route.
DeS,ºo Democrait.
Never. never have we had -ioch
horrible, infamonsu mail service as we
are now afflicted with. We beg
somebody to help ns out, or else let
the depal tment suspend the whole
land setvice. The river mail is all
we can depend upnIll.
THE STATE CONVENTION.
Hiow the Delegates from the Various
Parishes Standon the Constitution
al Convention Question,
The fill owing parishes have already
elected delegates t-' the Democratic
State Convention to meIet at Baton
Ronge, August 5. Most of the par
ishes have instructed their delegates
how to vote on the constitutional
convention quiestion. Only one par
ish (Ouachita) has instrulted against
a convention :
Ascension 6.
Assumption S.
Avoyelles 7-for a convention.
Bienville 5- for a convention.
Cad(to 9-for a convention.
Carroll 3-for a convention.
Claiborne 8-for a convention.
Concordia 2-for a conveution.
DeSoto 7--for a con veution.
Franklin (4.
Grant 3-for a convention.
Jackson 2-far a convention.
Lincoln 5--fr a convention.
Livingston 4.Ltwo delegations.
Ouachita 9-against a convention.
Point Coupee 5.
St. Mary 7.
Tensas 2-for convention.
Wohbefe, 0-"4r a convro.tiu.m
Winn 3--for a convention.
Natchitoches 9-for a convention.
Sabine 5-for a convention.
Total delegates elected 114. For a
Qonvention 86. Not instructed 30.
Against 9.
A large number elected delegates
last Saturday.
Sabine Sorts.
[From Sonthron.]
TnE LATE RAINS.-In Rsome por
tions of the parish the rains damaged
our farmers no little, in the way of
fence washing. The roads, every
where, are in a wretched condlition,
and several wagons have gone clear
ont of sight in the last two weeks.
Candidates are numerous in Sabine,
a lot oif whom will ron thriughli on
their "past blood," but like Mollie
McCarthy will be "distanced." Tihe
people will not support a man who
doesn't annmonce himself through the
colulmns of this paper.
CRoPs.--Fromn the best information
we can galiher from all parts of
SabiPe parish, the outlook for gool
crops are excellent; in fact better
than for years past. No worms are
re'ported. The coons and sqUirrelk.
IllweVer, are nmaiking siad havoc in
plnces, with the corn. Piwmler and
quirirel shot are ill great demand.
and the yniniigtsers are having tine
spolli jiust now slaying the sulallest of
ihe eat species.
In frinler numbers of ,his paper
. hliave lu'ged thie chiiins, of Sallols
f,,r fthe "Peiatehllil', 8h11d t P Ie aail
Ihe ation of t he l i, l . ' llPPli ig Moi!
lay.V nellx with inoi little iiterest. W.
havs. tlitchmnrged our dulty, and noi
,he ijinini, Hilist remain with the
D.-uieoircn- of thia llalishl. 'Chloose
se heiwei,, tIf S;ibilie has nio i:eh
\itllili itlie Irecilicis of her hliordels
whllo does loiLt liosess the abhility ild
is mi inllS the "fotids" to rihes a mid
act like a gePntllmniili,, lwhile aetilg in
the calariuy tof Selnitor iln New Or
I-ans, let thIe people say so, andil stoip
the wrangling bi.t if shlie has, a qiies
lion in our miilld tieyolid all cavil or
domiht, then we say letl the iighlts of
Sabiiie be heard at the nieetiiig, aiid
let those riglhts he naiintaitned iII aich
a way as to have lthe mleaning lof
:eraresttleal and not the semblauce of
"°child's play ."
Hayes has locked hornme, so to
speak, with Conklin of New York.
He has removed Conkling's pets from
the Custom Houase and we painfllyy
await the keen yell of the AdooniU
the Senate.
Hon. W. Joseph Blackburn with
draws from the race for Congressional
honors in the 5th District.
Claiborne parisl calls for a Consti.
tutional Convention. And yet they
come.
Win Parigh responds to the ,'slo.
gan" and sends her delegates forward
to contend for a Constitutional Coti
vention. ,* (ro0"o score a solid
Norih LousitinsSV dt4i rishes.
Par|sh ])ernoc; !ie conlivention.
On Satturdt h i,. tih day of .uly, 1878,
the Paris'i h (oll ( enti l I41 Itl ii ol,.dit'icet"
to a call of iw I. 'arih Executive (' oii itit
tee. T'! .i ('ifr v\,ti lti unlaI s call l(I t oir er
hr h 11. J. ('Cinuinllinl, 1;3q., chairnint of
t,, Pa I*,l :.1"nt0 r l l.e.entlveColnulit tee.
\', ). i,' ta ,'i I ctidlig as PrsidetIIt
,11,,. ,11.i' . l:,'..: --''o 7,C. I+'11.ln
lizr :a J a Xtl-toi+' idbieli--! t. i *
tn! 1d 'n"lu in'Id rson i W rI.''! P. Pt I nix
- a. lli S. ( f':ih. il. .1 W t , J. W.
Butr,I ,ad1 . 1'. h' e;lt i ,-- ean
i'l'CX Cl lll'r.:lu ii ll' -ls Van ) dii(ut,'el'| fi.
S, W. A. d.r- , f .\iPrd.h T
War--l, A. ". n' Wu" 1, ,. L.
Pbilhori l'ti, 11 , 1 " .h r ihi --rr
Ward 1~-Wi i. P;,dihn,, .1E-- sd , I..
\mitrll i, 1'. I'. L evy, II I ll r- i. T Hl .
v iz : J . A l lp h ni lse l' rn d h o' wl: - -]I , .
l1uekshr r Wim P}'11c.h
Th'li c'onllitt,"ee on crex- ri" ttelut i rr 'i
the fotilo illr e .pr ed 1. e!1 ' : iat ie p ly
nic. redited th, es otft i co then etin',i :
ari 'd '- i. P. laii , Io. Ii, lilthor1,
ardThe 1-,1dig , ielr y,.'. L. ' ppolllu.
Soitt-W. O. o reuollio, 1. 1 Col lis
('1x", \\' 8 (':npbll,".!, .) W\ Ehiti,,r.
Ward ,5 1) A llacksll, 'ler. Fl'e
Rains. J NI Butler. After retiri g fr a
silhort tile the (-oifii it tee rejorted the
Ward ollo i- A Ptondl ,r, .1 I Serp helinas.
\' li , Dortrtic plrts V f 111 pshonroish .
atrd ito -Srias in llberts, io'h. isenilti, C
A Presh y.
\oVirdt -Aoe t or caR t et i
't -J L Mlo as li t
tte -ntrl Comi0 teei I,roest "o'S i l-it. C
D D'lHain ,, L 13h Irh-vil,.
We II- - be PE Prllildho:n:nllii, .1 Alaph.
Prihei nelleillt , Allonl Whehlineag r.
Ward 14-W11ii Payn,., .I E \f1,ssi, C i
Smith H M Levy, J II Cosgrove, T Hal
ler \1 French.
The coliiliattee on pearailnent orgln r i
zation replorted he friollilig as the prr
ialent tnicis of the Colirvetion:
President, S O Scrti'~.: Secretaries, A
E Lemen. W H Bar eel Setrge nt-r to
arms, F P Raggio.
The following persons w\ere appointed
a committee oi resolutions : J H Cos
,rove, W A Ponder, 1) A Blacksher. S P
clains. J W Butler or. Aftr rct iri fr is
short time the committee reort can ed theer
following resolitions which were iillau
inuunsl adopted :
i'The Deionl r lti party of tlhe parish of
Natchito mes in convention assembled,
declare :
1st That republican constitutional
goverth .ent idoes not lllnor cannot exist in
Louisiana so long as the bayonet edict
of 1r68 is enot abtrogated.
lio. That the Democratic party of this
State, so long aglo as r 8 to throgh theri ir
Statil, Ce .ntral Conm ittee. protested "sol
emnly befire God and our country, and
ilc the iteres ofhi a con noi lineage and a
comlin eivili saven thainst ally recognli
titnion"f thatcn ifanlos instruie nt arn-ll
that pledge twehereby solem f ly reiter
ate and re-allirm.
:ell. Wp declare thatl the poStwer to
change. alter or construct organic law is
inherent in thie people alnd can be exer
jised only anid solely by trti lartnd in such
anner a c they alone in their sofvereig an
capacity miat designate.
onsth, We slienly deocle that Lois for
iJan )unwt be redeemed!' Not only from
spothe lilation bt her ciiizsens muist be oe
moved from danger to their rights and
liberties and made seenre in the enjoy
ment thereot. This we atlirlm cannot lie
accod lished savrce throgl h aniol d y a col.
stitionacip conlevention and we most earn-r.
esth.ly ret the D elegates from the seri
eral parishes throughout the State, when
assembled at Baton Rouge, to stand by
and redeem those pledges made the peo
ple by the Democratic party in every
are intructeion for tvote as a unit,on of anirst,
last and all the time for a constitutional
ConIveltioiU.
6th Rc~solhl, That the people of this State
owe it to thenlselves to again elect the
Hen. J C Mo:enure Sta:te treasurer and we
heartily rencmtmntlt' his lnominattion for
that office by the Baton Rouge Conven
tion.
7th. IR'.olrcd, That we regard tho Floil.
J B Elani ;ais a faithful aild elticient re
preselrt.ativ\e of thie pCeoplel oif this Dis
trict inl C'oltll-s, and weV earnestly re
cnmmenid his r"-noihilnation.
We recomnnmnd tlhat the Senatorial
convention be held at Pleasant Hill on
the 20thi day of August.
The following plersolts were dnly elect.
ed Delegates to thle Baton Rouge Coi
vention :
RE Jacekson, J H Cosgrove, Willis
Homnes, W H Jack, S (O Scruggs H H
Hathorn, J Al1phoxtse Prudhtmnme. Jos.
Henry, C Chaplin.
Moved andt seconded that the Dele
gate to the State Coivention at Baton
Rouge be authorized to east the votes
fir acandilate flir Congress for tlis Dis
trict (cartrid.)
Moved t:lti sconldel that the Conven
tion do now proceedl t, elect by ballot
nitie Delegates to the Senal:torial Conven
tion carretil.)
The followilng Cunninghau Delegate
to the Senltlorial Colnvention received
19) votes i'a.h :
P. E Pruollommnme, Win. Payne, J. E.
Keeman P. Jennings, W. W. Breazeal
S. I. H, ams, E Masson, WV C Ross, W
Iretich.
'Thle following Jack Dhlegates received
1) voters each:
N. H. Campell, R. W. Freeoman, J. O.
\t.,vyhn. W. A Ponder. L. Cnspairi. \\..
B. Blltlttr, D. C. Scarbolmrough, W. B
Carr, J. C. Trichel.
The Priesilent tli hereun!on naltiilcei,
'hit .1issrs. P i P, ithoi:ine, Wtm Payne-i
.I E Keegan, F Jenniigs, W WV Bre'zehtl'
S M Hyviiis. E 3lsitlll, V C Rossani i!
W Frelich wer', the duly untlhorized anl
accredited Delegates to the S'natoliAi
Convention.
On mntiot of J W Bttler and secolnded
hy W S Camphiell, the ehection of the
D.,legtoes was mnade ilnalnious.
On motion of J H Conagrove and dilly
secolUed, thle Il're'Selt Parish Execntiv.
Comlmittee is hertiy inlthorized to act
tiiiil the next Pi rish uonmouatiug coiven
tion.
The conventionl therenpon adjonredu
sine die.
8. O. SCRUGOS,
A. E. LIEMEE, President.
W. H. Batntie, Secretani's.
Lonuisiana Politices.
((Malvin Journal.)
The plolitical pt down hiere gets
hotter antid hotter every day. For the
Legislatiure; ithe material i, abluately
itiexhalistible. It is a high and hion
orable position, and has hardly ever
been abused in this State. Sonle of
the aspirants tire potato diggers and
some potato eaters; and every silgle
one is goinlg to save the country-if
elected. That is, he will nearly save
it, from termi to term ; leaving just a
little undnne each tiiw, s that he
may go back and finish it.
Pointe Conpee ihas been Ibeard from
She is solid for a Constitutional Con
vention. - -
A Chlicago man had the jim janms
tho other night and enuaghii snakes
were found i hirs bitotJ to startntil
seven new citcases on thb roali. This
is reliable,
MASS MEETING AT MANY.
A harge cot'ctil I of D)nlioctats
mel at t l 1' Hapti: C'hurch :iat Mlany,
on Monday, t1t "'d d (ºf. of uly, 1: i',
SE. )iug.in in the ('hair, adod 1). W.
Self, Secr.ltary.
On elmotion of J. M11. Flanktlin, a
Collllmitte' of (!t' e f(111 ('' each W ald
was aplpoinedl to iila'ft esol, tions
11i11 'm l !('·"t :mil' 1t(.,! .llwIelt d (I'letg:It s
to a.,( . , . -:. -ion al mutl S il
Til ' ('mL ' l, u l Ili tiow.ing
e tli t i'l i 'l l i ai . (',II tlll , \;hI(1 \ (''re
"l,.1-cj4 }y,.! } th; e m ','ti ln e.
I . 'W ,li (, F. D. Sill. '.,lid \Va t!, 11.
lIth ':1,!. E. F. i. l i : ih' , il1h i a d, .i.
Irt. I-l .'l. , hh \ dt A\. Litton, 7th
i'llei t ti . Ntll,in. 1t, h IW ald, Jacob
\\. !1. .' .-t! . of \ ': e i'lo 'h ý.
1, 4in _' d gu( , tll\ (':! I. l l , :l, -4,tt ''ed. b the
(I( i 1n1 1Hs1 a ,-,1  ,' h 1' t! 11 (,1111.
;I. El ,i ii s nli(':. il Ii, 'tIl l l i glt Ii'-ll
1Ei" a ind nniii miiig iini:(',ia , ilt W hlC
lii hsM tIdvniated and dlefeided heti
il tse of tihe DI ello,'lf 'l i ande he istr
er1 .t , f il o tit, A ii; .
tive i ' tile l' itr le otr' t ll egsoulail s e'
lol ehd t14 (' oirlls F r sl.e 14l
Cnpi,.e.si,,nal ])4'hsi.tes, .1. R. 1'"14
:iotd, E. F. l 'lte, That . F. ( lia-It i-l
C"hai . I),lnelle i ,,ln WC . 1n Aihon \.
D. \\. Sell', C. Hltltdil,. J. H. O. Ai
thon,.y 14a( J. M. Filanklin, \%hi,'h
O n lt ti'l il i 1 ,!,lctio n Franklin, tho
lt Ui ide lega tes o d le tllte ltrel nt a
Stllt'e C l n' Veilill it be hilitd oli tIt
cast thv oe iccol I ll paliy h.
The f,,lll\io i. Rl-, lutioni- ne\'le
Il,,s'ilel-! iv (h1 (t . io u i e th run ,,
Iheit ('th;irnuan, E. F. l'1'e.,hef 1.sq.,
Mid on motion, Wert' idptll.d,
1st. lhesiuvel, That we. the pell
kli of the allr-h of tSbie illn. . Cass
meeting Conleiln'eed, still hold the grin
eiples (il the Natiinal Democratic
Mitni t\'e, ltl ' Il hili tl , iroot' n is oll iI
tparty, as uentitles hi n t 11) its co vient
tiiot. anti Tgenerally rupported ey the
Cilpress t hr ionlin the iou tre Saty.
tlatd lesolveti, 'That the Hiecti. J
E.. Ela F.has nritd our highest rSL s
pecl and gra tilde cit, able, zeal
ptsi ad iln iins mnlaeet r wilh which
Ie ihas advocated and defended the
thight it isof the people of thlie istrict
Wlld of 4th4( State, as ollr Represenlta
tive in the hast extra anal regular ses
stlns of Congress.
3eod. lle.olvel, That weo heartily
tatnd colllilly ecomllenid him fior
nomination for reelection to that po
sitiy delicat the ensuiles ng elctiol, and
that our delegate tie arty Biatn I , ange
tatles Goveni. i to bei holl on the
Ilst is ndita in Auget next be, apin
they are hereby instructed teo cast
their vote accordingly.
4ith.i Resolved, That the well
kllnown caracf the e eoplh. J. C.
Monemie, for ability, honor and in
Ugii, and entitles hin to tlour coupidce
and luppolt for the responsible po.
iitinll of Slate Treasurver, and we e
CReloled, tlhis i e i enatiu by the State
Co nvention ask the oice of the peo
thle of~ hparih, asacandidate for
tchat eriteied the elp ili to tel ection.
E. F. PRESLEY,
Chairman.
enche of llwing Resolutions were of
that a Coins ttitutiolal Coriven tion ibe
Resolved, That the prudent andi
4statles an-t'like mattigei tet ot f the
the success tf tlhe party in 1 t76, and
resulting i i ihe firm esfablishmenlt oi
the peoplEh't govera.itent in Loitisiana,
enailels G- v. F. T. Niclholls to lhe
egralite of Aall Lf isianians. Thate
his wisdom, jIstict ai d derai
in the admiiiistra io olith f his high
Srras is ii l ,' iie. acioit d wi th the prin
cilles inticaluce by hir. i ti
E.By Mr. PDeGle,,
our hSarty Ihanks to the Editors ot
ihe New O'rlenan Democrat for thei
Se-cletary.
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
JUDGILEN.
Marie E. C. Banchaerd vs, J. W. Sud
dath.
17th District Court of Natchitoches.
No. 8199.
IN this case by reason of the law and
the evidence being in favor of plain
Litf and against defeudaut, on trial after
tegular assignent, it is ordered, adjdrilg
ld and decreed that the Plaintiff, Mrs.
Marie E. C. Blanchard wife of J. W.
Sadilath, do have al recover of the
Detfendant, James Warren Suddatlh, th,.
sum of One 'Lhonsantd Dollars, with five
per cent. per annum interest from June
8h, 1875, aid the firther sum of seven
ty-tive dollars, with live per cent per an
uram interest from May 1st, 1877, subject
to a credit of four hundred dollars paid
March 28th, 1878, the amount of the dat
ien en payluent of the Phoenix Salooi,
&c., that plaintiff's legal mortgage on all
immovable property of defendant, to
t'ake effect from 23rd day of March, 1878,
be, and is hereby recognized to secure
the payment of this .Judgument, that the
community of acquets and gaimls hereto
fore existing between plaintilt and do.
feudant be dissolved, that plaintitt he,
and is hereby authorized to administer
her separate property. and carry on her
separate business ir her own benefit
without interfereuce or control of her
husband ; that the transfer or datien en
payment of March 28th, 1878, be recog
iized and ratilied; and ttat the plain
titf be, and she hereby is recognized as
the owner and Proprietor of the "Phoe
nix Saloon" on St. De)nis Street, in
Natchitoches, its stock of fixtures, busi
ness, and accoupts as it is now being
carried on for her separate and individu
al account and benetit; and that the de
ferndait hi n tx,-rd with all the
thiM uit. eoMlif
'rhlli don:, reai:u and signeed in
(ort 01 this 29th day of .hlne 1tne8780a
Sim ";. j D. PIERnSO
Jldg., 17th DJistrict, L
STA'TE F LotulSIA,
SPa ish of Natch"it
Ulerk's O tice
I certift the above to e a 1
c 'rr ,.ct c ,p0 v Of the Original j td ue arag
lile in mty otlice. " neo
\Vit1es 4 my hand and oflicial seal, thi
5111 h day ofh Jmn, A.1). I) 1Xs7r
JOIIN LAPLACE
July 2t-;i. erk
, 'lJUI IEgET.
'Saah J. Johnsu,n va. Jacob T. Wagle.
17th District Co 't . 1arih " f( atf hit.
('Ches.
No. 21.,
N t1h1i , , 1: ,- r;lson of tile la ,an
ii l if i i' ,'i'c h,.icilr ill favor of the
l intiII lu'l a1 I tll: defendant,
ri!i ll -if ' l rd nl, ; r lar ,ag ient, it
• re " j " "d n '" d lcre e l th a il or
ll r I1 (\I l.l~C~1tbat , s
', n"o 11 ;t:llt' Of ax,,('I1h ain1 'aills hereto
: e . ., ii 1,, , plaintiff and de
t : ! ):li ,t , ; i .rll \ h- r y is disolred
hit 1 inllltitl. Sarah J. o uhnsol , Wied
I. . V. \: 1 v\ b,, and .lie is herebyhoa
rhorizd :lini, i rii ,, her sellarai .. -
,Ilty t'lr h11'r n '4livilual h, - - ithou
i1rfe1 r1 · or iolintrol lof her said hhb
1Iun1,; that iphl(intill hbe, alid sla hereb
Stc ognized" I tt OWnrrT, inll her indirida~
,i s,,p lrat,, righti of the Ote undividit
bird iutre;.st ill e; cirtaiu traet of la
.itn;latd ill tilt plariiih of Natchitaet
,,:. knowni as the '(C;arroll tract., to.w
'he ;l East halt of tIe. South Weat q-narte
Of sictioll thllae. and the South half of
Ihe South Ea:isl jil i'rtl' and Sout half of
th Solith We'st tlarter of section. four
11 it, towit shi s ev'enl, range seven, coup
rainiill two hundlred and forty aere
:II tweI'lily head of cattle received fro
!h. slleccessiou of her Ilotlher Rosanna
Johlisoll, and Ialso two certain lr ares.
rei \ed'i from thlle Isllec'ssion of her decesa.
,'l brother Sauiliil W. Johnuso; that the
reinailndr of ll1liIlits ildemand be dia.
:uis4ld 1i.t. in cass of non-suit: and lhat
till' dt1'ndaolit ho taxed with all cost in
this case.
Thus dlone, read and signed in ojp..
r:"Ot ol this 29th dla' of Ji le. 1818.
1S;ll ,cJ1 D. PIERSON,
.I ulge 17th District. La,
Sr.1'rE OF Lotsslg
Parish of Natchitoches,
Clerk's Office.
1 e'rtify the above to bea true aad
correct copy of fthe originlaljudgment on
lile in mv o;ice.
Witnless nly hanl1 and olticial seal this
2d day of Jly A. A. D., 1.7x.
W. I1. '1'tNNARD,
J1uly ' 7-;1i. Clerk.
NOTICE.
Succession of G(eorge CG,ucrle, (deeetd,
II V. TESSIER. Administrator ofthe
1 * ('eesio ofl George Gunney,de'd
having illed in thi Clerk's office hisli al
account of adlllinistratioll, aotice iusher.
by given to all whom it may concern to
shIw cause, within ten days from this
late whly said accounut should not he
homlologated and his bond cancelled.
Witness the lion. P. A. Siturnmos, Pu
judge, this 18th day of July, A.D., 16"&
,JOHiN LAPLACE,
July 20-2i. Deputy Clak.
SIE RIFF'S SALE,
J. W. Cockerh,!:rn vs. D laulllt, Jr
D)istric't Court-No. 8217.
Y VIj1TUE of a writ of Fi. Fel.issed
ill the above entitled and numbered
Snitrandto e10 dirteced. 1 ill fo for
•41r taO T e Iast nni t tign t iai'nwte
door of the court house in ~e citiy of
Natch: toiCh's, onl
Suturday, Aulyst 17th, 181%.
the following described property, te-tt:
A.certai tiaet oft'lanu situated in the
parish of Natchitoches, ii this 8tate, hb
iug lot No 18 and being parts of esatipo
Nos. 15., Il and 17, in township 9, r'b
G. cotntahililg 451 aci'rs. tgether with all
the buildlings and improvements therea
Terins of Sale :
CASH, with the benefit of appraisement.
A. P. BREDA.
July 13-tds. Corut.r,
.IlERIFF'S SALE.
James Henry Jeter vs. J. C. Calamack.
District Court-No. 7908
Y Virtue of a writ ofFi. Fa. ill the
B above entitled lld numbered sanit
,ld to me directed, I will offler for aeshs
to the lastt and highest bidder at the
loo),r of the Colt Hlouse ill the City of
Natchitoches, oi
SaturdaU the 17ith day of August 187~.
the folowinlg doscribed property to-wit:
A certain tract of land situated in the
plarish of Natchitochlles and designated as
',rec noltlOn certificate No. 83 33 ofdate 1681h
,f October. 1851. Lots No 1, 4, 3,6.nd
7 of seetiou 30, township 9, range ti, con
t iulinlIg 145 17-100 acres. Also another
,ract o(f land laying oni the Bou Dieu aln
:(Iown as the iuh1dl, laud adjoining di
allls of J. A. Dulcouornau colt.ainig ill
I:r'.s. more or 01' 1s,; also the North *a
i,,:nal hiall ofthe SollIthi 'tet quarter d
",c(tion 299, towushil 9. ralnge 6, coItll_
og 32 700i iill cle; also another Vices 1
.114 contiaitniulg 1730-100 acres t toIs
aken off tron rh ilWest side of thoe Nc
Iest ,p(trter of the Southl West aurI
,er of seCliol 39 by it line rulninlg dllt
1nl4 Solth, the whole tiract being CO
i ignilliS and lm'iakin 4ti8 acreSa together
vith a tll the buillilngs and illprovemeals
hereoln; alsoth the tollowing nmounh
',opI ,rty, to-\ it :
. 12 Heiad of Mules.
1 Horse Wagon.
18 Plows.
Oue lot of Geer.
Onel Iot of IIHoes.
Terms of Sale:
Cash-with the benefit of apprsiil'
I). H. BOtt;LT,'I' Jr., Sheril.
July 13, tds.
Sheriff's Sale.
Victor Pisson vs. Monette and Leroyr
Parish Court-No. 612.
DY VIR'TUE of a writ of Fi. Fa.
) in the above eutitled and Ilunull.
,nit adl to me directed, I Ilave I1
lnd will oier for sale, to the last U$
highest hidder, at the door of the cQ5
,louse in the city and parish of Nattbito
ches, on
Saturday the 17th doay o#'Alu9/t l ,
the flulowing dlescriberd prperty, to-.:
Two celrtainl lots anlld parcels of
with all the bulildlings and improveS
thlereon and belolnging situated ll
town of Natchitoches, on 011 rivft;
having a front of seventy-five ib
river or street, uand rultnling back Ogr
pent aid1 boiiluded ou the North byPrp
elty lorrl y belonging to W C·. Me1.
Southl by 1 t formerly belongiug to
Chas loeloy.
Anotlher lot or tract of land, 0o00
sI'lu're, colti nolus to nilid adjoi iDg1
dart lot uinamedl, being t.le sanilc t.'
IrLthMaedl by the late l'h:laor puCtll
1e1 at tlhe slccetiol sllale of t
'oissot i . w . abot w .141 l1.i3: aid a 1\con,)
by the leirs ofI said Prudhorlne to Cl
Leroy il 1l-C6.
Cash--with the benefit of appr".temei s
D. 1lU. BOLLT I.,
July 13.-tds.