',t of :lst Mi-, l Iy,) wils faitaIlly dLe
fective cclleau'c it charged a conspira.
cy to (I'ljl1i.e the colored PItarties COll
ce'rnltl f' rights which were ulo
gralted )1 l seltcureld by the Constitu
tii (r' laws of the United States,
nhtI'ly the right to lpeacefuilly asselt
iJbl aid ihear iit, which right the
court held, were not granted by the
Constitultioo, lbut exhisted indepen
dent of it, alld which the States alone
hiad thie tiplt to vindicate, alnil it was
nletti<arled thalt they 'Wete assniled
il nlccount of the race or color of tthe
party. One or twvo counts did place
the charge on accounrt of ra·ce aind
color, but they were so vague and
gelnernl in oilier respects as to hie to
tally ulinstainall ihle. No question of
the colstitutionaility of the sixth sec
tion was rlai.d. The defect here was
in tile indictmentts.
The specific anti fttidamientat idea
of the dncishio to-day is that murders,
robblteies, conspiracies iland all other
crimnes conmiitteld by one ilndividuatll
4agailnst anotler in a State, lare Ilpun
ishable by the IKAWS of tie State, atid
not by the laws cif the United States,
unless cotlunitted by reason of the
race or coIlr of the party againlst
whom tihey are comnlmitted, in which
case tfe inference from the decisionl
welhld seem to be that they are pun
isihable by the laws of the United
states, if Ipropler laws to that effect are
.anetlcd. This, of course, does not
'relate to every species of offense, bat
only to those which affect the fuln
dillental rights of the citizens guar
anteed lby the Constitution, including
,the recent amllendmelniets.
.A Great National Work.
The Centennial Jlistory of the UInited
,Mtates, fromr the discorery of the A mer
jeian Contieint to the close of the First
Century of American Independence.
By James D. McCabe, Author of "A
Jllaual of General History," "The
Great EepubliC," Etc., Etc.
Tiere has lotng lien a great and nlli
versally-felt want of aI History of the
United St.at, suitable for ge:neral use.
'This want is now being suppliJlied by Thel
National Publishiug Co., of St. Louis
who have issued.l a halndsomle vollume,
styled '-Tilhe Cenltennlial Hlistory of thel
United States," by .Jamies 1). 'McCale,
a well-known histlrical writer. This
work will, undonhtedly, take ranik as
the Standard History of the United
States. It IS no dry miiass of details-no
.bombastic! effort to intlahne the national
Spride, bat is a clear, vivid and brilliant
narrative of the events of our history,
from the discovery of the Anmerlic'an Coll
tiouet dowlr to the pre'sent time. It
traces the evidences of that miysterious
race, the firs.t occupants of our country,
and gives a most interesting acconUt ot
the Indians of North Ailmerica, from the
time of the corning of the white men.
The voyages of Columllbus, the explora
tions of the liffi-rent naIltioIns of Europe
:and tha tilnal occupation and conqullest of
the land by England, are told with
graphic power.
Every step of our colonial history is
traced with patient fidelity, andil the
* sources of these nloble. and we trust, en
* during institutions which have made our
collntry free andl great, are shtown with
relmarkable clearrness. The causes of our
great struggle for Indep.enl.ldence are toldi
with a logical force andi ability unsur
pas;edl in alny work of the day. Then
follows a clehr and snlcillit acrolnlllt of
theqtbrmratioll of the Flederal Constitu
tior ; thie est;rllisrllhret of tile Uniiur;
thie corllirso of itiir~rs ~litil the bIrea;kilg
osit of the $i'crrntd Wzrr with Elahind;
and a full ani coplllllreiheiisi.ve ai'c'tilli fii '
that War landl its resIlts. The eve'Ilts of
our calreer froml tile hloiSe of that contest
to thire commlrleelnetIlt Iof the Civil Walr,
follow in their ordelr. Thle history of theil
Civil war is relaterl with iintenise vigor,
arld with a strict fidtlelity to trulth. Tlh
author plealls the ealus~ of io paIrty or
section. lH states facts, IOihlts out hlle
lessons which they teach, anid appeailing
to neither palssion nor political feeling,
trusts to the goodl sellse of his colnltry
men to sustain ilis views. Tihe book
contains ai Ailpendix, giving anl acecoUnt
of the approachiug Centennial Exhibi
tion,
It is colmprised ill one large, haltldsomno
octave vollnue of '95 pages, alid con
tains 442 tinl en gravillgs on sLteel and
wood of historical plersonages and nscoles.
The price isso low that all can afford to
purehase a copy, anid each slunseriber is
preseated with a sulperb lithographic en
graving of thie Certentnial Exhlibition
Itildiugs and Grounds. It is sohl( by
sblecription only, and tire publishera
want agents in every county.
MARKET QUOTATIONS.
(It should be remembered our quota
tions are for round lots, at retail, higher
prices will have to be paid.)
gtrreeted Weekly by Carver & Taylor.
Cotton ................................ a Iit
Hldes, dry............................ IO -
Hides, green.....................•...... 6 a 7c
BACON.-The market is in good supply,
Clear sides are quoted at 1ile; shoulders at 121;
beakfast bacon at 16d.
FiLOUL-Is in good snpply with fair demand.
We qnot XX at 7 ; low XXX 7 5017 75 and
d IXg at 8 0); Choice XXX at 19 00
OaRK.--Scarce and quoted at $26.
SAOGI.v.-Inu fair mwpply, demand fair. Hemp
ilJsteat iSe; per yard. No India in market.
SLat.--In light supply with good demand. In
irees i8c; in kegs I9.
AlI.-Are in light snpply and demand limit
edaraveased are quoted a 18e.
SALT.-la good supply. Liverpool coarse sells
Mtb n5 persaek. Fine 15'25e higher.
S l ualrs.-Nooe but rye in market which
is quoted at $1 75 per bushel.
IoNx Tlgs.-The market is in good supply,
ab re selling at 71a8c per pound.
IOLtseces.-Scaree. Choaie Louisiana is be
i ald at 175; per gallon.
AL OIL--Is in good supply and is held at
1, per gallon.
ToBacco.-Supply good. Good medium is
qtled at 6f5e. and fne bright at 75 per pound.
.! ~CoO.a-The supply is limited and demand
1 . Prime at 32)5.
. O,-No Carolina in market. Louisiana Is
Mat 10t. per pound.
Soa.--ls scarce, but no demand.
O8AP.-Extra olive bar 10!e.
; UOAS--Louisiana prime is quoted at - yel
e clarified a Ili;c crushed and powdered a
Sm~Eal.-Whito and Red ,re held at $150
galloa; Bourbon commands l596 50 per gal
Si&r.-Is In good supply with fair demand and
.al at $2 90 per sack andbck shot at P3.
PoWDnt.-The supply is large and is held
ats e.p pontd.
L WIS
:31
z. W. D. PoweU
MEDICINE aud SURGERY.
:OFFICE on ST. DENIS STREET,
NATCHITOCHE8, LA.
Calls to the Cq~try promptly at
Ienided to.
to Dr. P. Jobhna, J. 8. Stepbens. C.
o . GUd. . Gillispie. YMse. Bllard
bl Caes & Taylor, Tribhel 4, Aire
" Barke,
'Sly
Corner FRONT AND CIIlURCII Streets,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
JUST opened, a new assortment of
FRIIENCII, ENGLISH anti
AMERICAN, Spring and
SII3IMER GOODS. Consisting in part of
AMERICAN AND ENGLISH
PRINTS,
COTT NADES,
LINEN DRILLINGS,
APRON CHECKS,
BLEACAED & BROWN COTTONS,
MOURNING GOODS,
WHITE GOODS8 OFALL KIXI),
GRENAI)INES and
PIQUES,
LINEN LAWNS, of all grades.
IIOSIERY and GLOVES,
ARTIFICIAL FLOWES,
SILK PARASOLS of all kinds,
LADIES' ECRU SCARFS,
LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S HATS,
Notions of all Descriptions,
TOWELS AND NAPKINS.
Full assortment of SHOES, IIATS
and CLOTHING.
In fact all goods that can be called
for in a Dry Goods store.
S All of which lie is offering at
very low prices.
March 25, I-7ir.-ly,
1HE EUCALYPTUI TREE !!
An Exhaustive Account of its Pe
euliarProperties--Reasons for
the Increasing Popularity
of the Tree-Its re
mnarkable A bsorp
tion of Malaria.
[From the San Francisco Evening Biulletin.]
0 WING to the constant inquiries from,
variols portions of the United States
in regard to the Encalyptus Glo ,loue, or
Australian Gumi Tree, we are induced to
give a thorough description of it, em
bracing many facts not hitherto pub
lished. Through the courtesy of SonI
tagg & Co., of this city, we have deveoted
much time to the cultivation of the tree,
we have obltainled most of the informa
tion here furnished. The Eucalyptus is
extensively grown in California, where
prolbablly no less than one nilion trees
are planted. In this city, in front of
handsome residlellces, you will litd it
with its mIIagnilient drooping branchies,
imaking an elffi-etie and gralceful shade
tree. In Oahkl:ad the broiad avenues are
linedlc with then.
In Algeria its cultivation was under
takeni on a larige scale. Some 13,000 Eu
clypti i were pllaited in an extremellly p1es
tilenlitll i llll lnhealthy section, werelC fever
Irevihle. to a great extent every year
Iuing lithe tirst year of their growth, at
thle timle when the fyver s eason usedl to
set in, not a single c;ai of fever occ-urred,
yet the trecs were olly lnino feet high.
Silnce then this p1:ice is reported free
from its Iluwelcollmoe visiat:t.ions.
InI, tile vicinity of Constantinolple, Ian
othler fever spot. mllarshy andi sickly, the
whole gronlid was dried uip by 1.1.000 of
these trees. In Cluba malrsh dliseases are
rapidly disaplpearing uipon the introdulc
tion of thllis tree. A railway statiion in
the Delpartment of Var was so pestilential
that the otticialscoluld not remnail there
longer thllan a yealr. Forty of these trees
were planlted, and the lunheailllthy condi
tion of the place was changl!ed.
Two mile:s from Haywards, in tlhis
State, the Surveyvor Gelneral planted two
groves of the Ellcalyptus, olne of about
ninety acres and the other seventy acres,
the whole colmprising about 150,0(10 trees.
They are now only asbout five years old,
yet nmainy of the trees are forty to lifty
feethigh, the whole making a nmiost ex
tensive and beautiful forest ; for filel and
timber purposes being worth thousands
of dollars.
Georgia, South Carolina, Albnama and
other Southern States are awakening to
the importance of planting these tirees,
and the sameo may be said of New Mexico.
These trees are propagated andul for
sale by
W. KITCHING,
Shreveport, La.
Price $6 per dozen; single plant 75
cents each. Orders left at this office will
receive prompt attention.
N. B.--Thiey are growing in boxes with
a block of soil for each tree and can be
shipped and transplanted any lmonth in
the year without risk.
April 15-tf.
,IHUFAS AXD JAPANI I'PES,
The introduction of these crops through
out the south will enable us to keep our
stock and fill our smoke-houses as cheap
ly as it can be done at the West. The
Chufa is planted in a ridge like po
tatoes, yields on common land 200
bmrshels per acre of the richest feed, une
qualed for fattening hogs, poultry-and
children. One acre will fatten more hogs
than ten acres of the best corn, besides
furnishing grazing all summer. For tihe
truth of these claims we refer to U. 8S
Commissioner of Agriculture, Washing.
ton, or to any agricultural paper in the
South. Price, by mail, postage paid, 20c
a package, 40c a pint, 76e a quart by ex
press $4 a peck, $15 a bushel.
- The Japan Pea fully established its
merits several years ago, and is now in
universal demand. It grows uprighlt
like a cotton stalk, is cultivated like
corn, and yields from 150 to 3i0 bushels
an acre on ordinary land. Stock of :al
kinds relish it and thrive highly on it
without other feed. Also excellent for
table use (after boiling about a week.)
Price by mail, postage paid, 15e a pack
age, 30c a pint, 50c a quart. By express,
$3 per peek, $10 per bushel. These seeds
are so scarce and cos*ly that we cannot
make any discount to wholesale dealers
or granges.
When Southern planters grow their
own stock-feed and fatten their own hogs
we shall hear no mote of hard times and
"niddle-men" for this will put an end
to both. If you fear to invest largely it
will cost but a trifle to try these seeds,
and unless your experience differs from
all others, you will be forever thankful
for Ibe trial. Address,
A. F. WHITE & CO.,
April l.-lm. Nashville, Tenn.
-dealer in
FRolMr 87gT, .lchittodhe. La.
FIr"N,,T ýTREITr,
N.atchitoches, La.
For the FALL and WIN
TER Trade.
NEWV GODS)!
New Goods !!
1'Ell entire stock is better andl more
select that any e.very intr,'odned into
this imarket, and ha'ving loen ipurlihasel.
with CASl, call be sold lorwer lhaut Ihie
The Motto of the Firml is to sell
CHIEAPER TIIAN TlHE CII EAPEST.
[J i Call and ex:iillniue our stock, which
eonsists ill ipart of
CASSIMERES,
JEANS,
T WEEDS,
KEfRSIEYS,
BROWN & IILEACI[ED Co(r'rONS,
LO\ ELLS
LADIES' I)IRESS GOODS,
TRIMMINGS,
13LANKETS,
Woolen Goods of all kinds.
BOOTS,
SHOES,
LADIES' and GENT'S. HATS.
Clothing, a full and Complete Assort.
melt.
Crockery, Hollow & Wil
low Ware.
A fill line of FANCY and FAMILY
GROCERIES, WINES, LIQUORS, &C.
Books, Stationary, &c., &c.
In fact
A FRI :S1I and select stock of gooud. always
on handi, which havin3g been purch'4ased on3
a ca.sh basis , naihles I.s to otltr extrai induce
Umlnts to cash ,nllvers.
Ililhest cash pl'ice. paid for cotton and othller
produce, and liberal aidvallnces mtado in cash
or lmer3ch(nllidise.on oi , nmOllnilll 43lt.
Martch i--1 V.
MARTIN & SMITH,
-S T E A M
SAW MILL,
Six miles south of the city of Natchitoches
PRICE:
At the mill, per MI. .......5.00 to $10.00
Delivered ill townl, per M.,..........14.00
W E TAKE pleasure ill ilforininlg the
1ublic that weair ipre'ltrell to take
CONT'IrACTI'S to build ca;tiinis. ifurnishing
tllherefor. Illnller, material and labor, at
very low rates.
BOX COTTAGE,
with gallery, 14x1 feet, complete, shin.
gled roof, put tlp for $125.00
BOX CO'TTAGE, 12sI5 fiet, with gal
lery, conphlete, 1ul up for $100.
Planters and others will lind it to their
interest to give us a ci Iail.
Orders left at this oltiee or with Louis
I)upleix, will liect with l)promp01t atten
tion.
IT Orders left with Mr. E. Smlith, at
Willis Holimes' will meet with prompt.
attelntion. 4s14.
MARTIN & SMrITHi.
April 10- ly.
ILonrding Ilotlme
(Corner FRONT and TOULINE Streets.)
NATCIIITOCIIES, LA.
TERMSI : Only One Dollar and a half
per day.
II AVING leased the NARCISSE PRU
)IIOMM3E bnilding, and furnished1
it with new and elegint Furniture. I
amnn prepared to {cconllmoda:te boarders,
both. transient and perimanent, and sup
pl' them with all the delicacies the coui
try aflbrls. L. II. BURDICK,
April 1-ly. Proprietor.
-DEALER IN-.
FAMILY GROCERIES.
Special inducements to C.t.tn Customers
SECOND STREET,
Natchitoches, La.
March 25--ly.
NAT'OITOCOIES
HIGH SCHOOL
-00-
-DO
TIHE building is comnpleted and will be
1 opened for the reception of pupils, on
MONDAY, 3d day of APRIL next.
Classes to be of three grades.
1st Elementary Spelling, Reading, Wri
ting and first rules of Arithmetic.
2nd Samte continued, with History, Ge
ography, Oral Arithmetic, use of
Ulobes, English Granum:ar, Rhlet,ric,
Exercises in Elocution and Composi
tion.
3rd Higher or University Arithmetic,
advanced Mathematics. Natural and
Moral Philosophy, and the Ancient
Languages. (Latin and Greek.)
TERMS:
Tuition, for First Class, per month $3.00
" " Second " " " 4.00
" " Third " " " 5.00
(Payable monthly.)
Board can be lhad in the city with
private families, for from $10 to $12 per
month.
W. C. JACK,
March 25-tf. Principal.
T. B.TRNT,
-DEALER IN
DR Y GOODS,
GROCERIES,
HARDWARE,
and GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
t Bargains to CAsHI Customers.
JEFFERSON STREET.
March 25-1y.
l A full supply of Job material just re
ceived, and printing of all description
executed with neatness and dispatch at
this office.
jEamnes Ge1nius, .
Corner Jefferson and Amulet Steets.
-dealer in
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
HARDWARE,
AND GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
sP Bargslas offered to CASH ers. .
March 25-ly
JOIHN ALCOTT.
MA tSllSA L, Tcxa:s.
Traveling Agent for
A. SUMNERL& CO., St. Louis.
WE INVITE' cor
resplonldence fr o In
4Ily one nling a
PIANO or ORG(AN.
and think wVn can
o if er ilnducements
not to be eqtuealed. Satisfactioln gttluaran
t(('ll.
There is no surer sign of civilization
and retinemenit in a: house.hold than a
PIANO AND ORCAN,
cheaper for cash than ever offered beforei
or at ,better figiures on long time and easy
inlstailhnenlts to suit Iurc'hasers.
'Tlhere is no nec'essity longer wa:iting to
secure a lirst class PIANO or OI(UlAN if
yonu Ille'Ed It satisfactoryl instrlull'enlt anld
have linot full means lit cotinllllluil, write
us for c:atalonte a:tl term'ls. 'The well
known houlse of A. SItJINEl . CO()., St.
Louis. vill gui:rantee to sell better in
st'lltinents at lower lignl'res than aniy oth
er hotuse Nortlh or Siouth, havinglmlmani:ntl
of inmuense capital an:id yearsl' of experi
ence in the PIANO hnsintess, bullyillng, ex
trlenively onl :a ecash lasis, c:an sell lower
thlan any col'peting house.
Correspondence of close buyers solici
ted.
Most liberal thorms oRt'trel,to Chulrches
Loldges, (:Grages and Tealchers.
Attention Planters.
T7E TRADE ENGINE.
W TITI shell of lBilehr in one SutI.n
lpiece of wrought iron and double
rivited.
Prices in New Orleans.
4 horse power ................. $100 0
6 " " .................-0) 0i) 0
8 " " .................oo 00
10 " '' ........... ....) )o
Send for circular.
H. DUDLEY COLEMAN & BRO.,
M:anu facturers of
IFLOUIR MILLS.
l'orn Mills Saw Mills, Mill Furnishing.,
Gcaring, and Cotton Presses,
dhalers in
Sfteam E1ajines, Colton Gins, Cotton
GinL Feeders arid General Machinery,
TNo. 12 UNION Street, New Orleans, La
Dec. 18-2m.
1776. NEW YORK. 1876.
Eighteen lhunudred and seventy-six is
the C'entennial year. It is also tie year
in which lan Olposition Hlouse of lRepre
sentattivcs, tile litrst silice tile war, w'ill
be in Ipower at Washington; and the
year of the twenty-third electioa of a
President of the United States. All of
these evenlts ;are sure to be of great in
terest and importauice, especially the two
latter; and all of thent alndl everythilng
coinected with them will be fully and
frieshly reported and expoulnded in Tlhe
SUN.
The Opposition Hollnse of Represenlta
tives, taking up the line of inquiry open
ed years ago by rTHE Sux, will sternly
tlid 'diliigently investigate the corrulp
tionls adl misdeeds of Grant's adnlinis
tration ; and will, it is to be hoped, lay
the foundationl for a iew and bIetter pe
rind in our national history. Of all this
TIE SUN will coUtaki Compnlete antd ac
curate accounts, firnishinlg its readers
with early and trustworthy iuformation
upon these absorbing toplic.
The twenty thirdl Presidential election,
withl the preparations for it, will be ite
mlorable as decidinlg upon Grant's aspi
rations for a third termn of power uand
plunder, and still more as deciding who
shall be the candidate of the party of
IRefonrm, and as electing that candidate.
Concerning all these hsubjects, those lwhol
read TiE SU will have the constant
iteanls of beilng thoroughly well informelled
The WEEKLY SUS, which has attained
a circulation of over eighty thousand
copies, already has its readers in every
State and Teni'tory, ?.nd we trust that
the year 1876 will see their numbers
donbled. It will continue to be a tilhor
ough newspaper. All the general news
of the day will 1e foundll in it, condiensed
when unimportant, lat full length when
of moIlellt; and always, we trust, treat
ed in a clear, interesting and instructive
ma-ner.
It is our aim to make the WEEKLY SUN
the best faumily newspaper in the worldl,
and we shall continue to give in its eol
inmns a large amount of miscellaneous
reading, such as stories, tales, poells
scientific intelligence ald agricultural
informatiou, for which we are not able
to make room in our daily edition. The
agricultural department especially is one
of its prominent features. The fashiions
are also regularly replorted in its col
utuns; and so are the markets of every
kind.
The Weekly Sun, eight paces with
fifty-six broad columns is only $1.20 a
year, postage preLpaid. As this price
lbarely repays thile cost of the paper, no
discount can be Inmade from this rate to
clubs, agentts, postmlasters, or any one.
The Daily Sui, a large four-page news
paper of twenty-ceight columns, gives all
the news for two cents a copy. Sub.
scriptionl, postage prepaid, 55c. a month,
or $6.50 a year. Sunday edition, extra,
$1.10 per year. We have no traveling
agents. Address.
THIE SUN, New York City,
April 1.tf.
Subscribe to your home paper.
Price reduced to 2 a yeasr.
\V' EEKLY 1)!EM OCIAT
The Now Or' lans Weekly Demloctrat is
2a l.itd,.s.one eigh.t 1page - rty eii , .I º'I
lun1111 nrw.laper, printed in clear tly,
and is lilled witlh
EDITORIALS AND SELECTED ARTICLES
uponI all the topics of the ciday. It con
Ilains the news t'froi all portions of the
worihl. up to the hour ofl going to press.
Its \Waslhiington specia:ls acnd ge'neral iii
thlligiiete Iing especia fully full ad reli
abhl It coutais full Coll inerial, Mla
Ilille 21l iiver news lnti4 r4cp4.rts. prepar
4ed Iy expelrienced and competent editors
and1 rieport4els. Its
AGtIIC'LTIr'IRAL DEPAIITMENT.
will he founld v:ialuble and interesting
to thniers aml planters.
AS A FAMILY PAPER
It has no1 superior in thile Soth-its Li
teriVy Iept:riiimeat etllhraeing Ipoetry,
rol1mance, religioill, senllill'menlt an1Ld humolllllr.
THE MIsSION OF THE DEMI(CIIAT
Is thile Ilredemption of' Louisiina frlllom the
thliilhlotn oft Itadlitelisil, al1d1 the riesthua
tion ill its Iorders ofi honest Goverlnmlent
-the sllprtu1.'t' y of the
CIVILIZATION OF1 TilE NINETIEEN CENTr'IY.
-IT IS A
SOUTIIERN PAPER
In every senle4 of the word, and its aim
will Ie to represent Soutllhern views, t'el
ings and opliions.
Its already extensive alnd still raplidly
increasilng circulat ion ill L.uisiaia, Tex
as, Mississippi, Alabama and Arktusu:
reldlers it, without question,
A First-Class A~ drcrtising M.edium,
alnd as such we commllend it to the public.
Terms of Weekly Democrat:
(In advancet:l .)
One (CopyiV, onI year.............. 4' I 00
1T4l'e Copies,one year, one '. P. o .. . 25 (n
Twenty Copies( , on4 ye2ar, tone P. 0. 4 o111
Fifty Copies, IlOe year, one P. 0.... 10IU to
WM. WOELi'ER'& CO.,
April 8-tf. Proprietors.
Davis cb Eadcon.
DISTILLERUS.
SOLE I'IOPRIET()O [f the ellbrated
1 LENWOO(I) VIhISKEl . Tlhse r I-o
are warrantled trictly a pore S()'UR. MASHII
WHISKEY, made on the old plan of )istilla
tiotn, and p;irtitullarly 4e4nmnnended fir ME
DICI NAL 1'I'lI'PO-ES. Orders Solicited aind
promnptly tilled from \W'aruehotue
No. 297 MAIN STIREET,
LOUISVILLE KENTUCKY.
April 8--1y.
JOURNAL OF
AGIIICULTUE A. ) FAIIllJR.
A Weekly for Farm, Or
chard and Family Circle.
The Weekly lJournal and Farn4mer is I
Consol l4tionl of the moIllnthlll Jo4rn1a1rl it'
Agriculture an~i the Weekly 1Minmouri
lranr14r, is n4w the greatest leading polU
lIr Fiarm an1l4 Fireside papecr of tilhe
Siouthl west.
Its ,hltpllrtnntls nr1 comnl(deto an11d 2lhh,
edlitedl. The rilngei is 21 leading teatieli.;
and tli-hi irjde lintm1il is ahl5ii.' full of
g4n1l tlhinlgs ointrilluted Iy thie Illetlllbers
1 thle ()Order. The Illin41js 1 Illr il2ud
tIhrough 111he coluinlis devoted to thellir il
thrcsts, aln1l liimlly hiiiits of lhoiseholl
utility 2l4l,4 giiool adtvice alll bl gleaned
14y tlloe wlho wishll t44 Ibeco4ile ornlllillllits
in tlheir lolmes 2414 by t iir , irsilles.
All 0'lisses will 14 histrllcted 14\" reaLling
the Jouilrlal of Agrih'i1tuilhure Lid FliriIII,.
a1Id iio flmitily slhoul, Ibe without it. Its
, MARKE'T IREPORTS
are complete. alltluentie alld reliable,, 1and
the jlalier is worth the slhscriltion itric,.
ilon4)1 to get its-iu1rkets, fresh aidtl reliL
llt cvery week.
Scud for it! Read it! Take its ad
vice, 1and it will play you.
Men a1l,| Womileil, boy5 3an girls, old
2ill41 youliig. give thIle ,hirnal] of Agrioli
till' 21l11 FariliiTr a1t hi2l for olte ye;ir,
2114 seCC if ou lhavelo inoit mllle a2 gloll ill
vestlietnt. It is a llrge 1 pagei 45 colllnl
weekly Agriciltllral, Grlnlge 211141 Fililli
ly Newspaller, a11ll is firee from political
21141 religious discllssioiis, niid1 its clhust4
l11d well written p:liges iia;lkes it i 'Il
4om1e visitor ill thlolSlrlsndso of Ihousehllol
in thle great Missis.sili Valley.
Club igelit.s Willidted, to wholu liberal
ternis will be givenl. VWe wait aLgeits
in everyV tow.li allli village.
Seind for specimlen cOliy free, anlid wi
iask thllt yon send is the Illliaes of youll
friendsl, so lhalt we ilanY' 1Ili| thelm 8l14e
cinlen Coplies.
Subscliptionl price, $2.0) per ainnnl;
clilbs of 5 or Imolre, $l1.50 e2ch1. Postuage,
15 cents allnst be senlt with ench llinalle,
as we lprelplay every paper sent lout.
Address
CHEW, CORDELL & CO.,
310 North Sixth Street,
Et. Louis, M.i
NE\V ORLEANS
MlACINERY DEPOT,.
166 Gravier and 17 Union 8ts,
NEW ORLEAXS.
C1As. G. JoHNSENi, C. B. CnURCHU.L.
Proprietor. Manager.
CONSULTING ENG!NEERS,
Will furnish Estimates aiid Plans, aid
colitrniet fbr thle con5tructionl 1al4i1 eictionl
of all kiiids of Machinecry and Irou Work,
Manufiacturcrs of
Cotton Presses and Cotton Gins,
Mlnuf;lcturers' Agent for
Blake's Steam Plumps,
Braxter's Portlllue Steam Engiines,
Shapley Stean EilgiresN,
Straub's Carn and Wheat Mills.
New York Comnp'y Belitig.
Hose and Pae'ug.
A large stock lilways oh himnd, which
we will snppl" to the TiRADE at mau
ufacturers' prices.
Also Agenuts for the
Readilug Ires IUbrlrk
A full "Upply of their Pipes antI Boilor
Tubes in Store.
Denlers in Pipe Fittings, BraM Ooods
MACHL1jSTS' aud IhNGINEER1S' SUP
PLIES.
Send' for Illustrated Catalogue and
Pice. List. Nov 20-tf.
Wc woýuldlcall tht attel:ion'-of Teach
(rs, ailnd o'th lrs ilihtie-hd i i . , Ili
I hie follohwing worlks, is hbeing thet best of
their class:
MUSICAL CHIMES.
IeA New ('lass hook filr I"eial Voicets.
Price ,$9 iur dozer. imle lopihs, iit:ili
ed, plIst-1paid, oill Ieriilpt of I$1.
FAIRY ECHOES.
A Cl:ass-lhuok for Children. Used in
all the prinlcipa:l Puhlih Sclolls. P'rich
Sper ldozeni Samnplels copies hailed,
ipost-paid, on 'receiplt ol' 75 cts.
SONG ECHO.
The !lonst Popular School Singing-1'o,
e\,r ituhli.hcd. !'ries -7.li pIer d' til
Salll4l: coptliies lia l, 1post-paid, onI r4
(,iplt of 75 I' s.
Addlress, J. L. PETERS,
84 I:r ,nadar,/i, N. Y.
1876. ACAIN! 1878
LOC ISVILLE WEEKLY
COURIER JOURN-AL
Contiluile for the piresent year its liber:al
|til4eibher4, 1i'75, it will distribute ilnla'i
hially anliig its sullhscribeirs,
'10.OOO
In presents. com;llprising Grleenl:lhcks lull4N
nearlyll one thousand uiselfl a il belutiful
arlticles.
The Colrier-,Jolral is a long-estahl
lishled, live. widel-awl ke. pro lilgressive,
newsy, ibright ilil spihy lpaper.
No other pl;1l1eIr oilers such indcll eitilt
to subscribers 1ill'illl111 111 algeilnts ('il'llil'
" with full lptartieulars iand speillell cop
it's 'ili fr, oil pplicai ion.
Terml'l , 2.00 ai year and liberal offers
to clubs.
Address, W. N. IIALi')EMAN,
Plres. Coullrier..Turnnill (Co., Louisville, Ky
WEEKITLY ENQUIRER,
A Papelr fr the People, :4 Friend of the
Fairnler iand1 Indllustrial Classes,
NEW CH-IROMO
ENTITILED
"Perry Victory !"
Giren to4 crerUy$ ()OSbscribcr.
This picttropr rep4sents Cml. 4 liver 11. Per
ry it lthe act oll 'passig frll one ship tio another
ill a sma4ll Jn41 101b t, dlurig (lie heat of battle,
exeplo st I 'l the Ile of tle ltne 'y.
It Measures 146 by 122 Inches,
Is artistically ilnished in thirtieen chlors and is
undoulhbtedly tile most ide4. irable (hromi everi
ofhlelred 'as a lpr)lih- . Silet' Coplies of it sell at
10tli . We' Ihavell gt11 t l1 t lltlay (secured tlhe
excluivce I ntrol aind 1sia'ltd it, and li lhere.tir,
are tiabledihl to lpreset it to ou patron |liasa bIov.
Th. Es F ulSEIEu siill standis prlll cint as a
first class Nwspapeir. Its variousdepartments
a9ll4ted toi
Editorials, Hiu Imorous,
Agricultaure, lPoetry,
Corresponden 'e, T'hleUraphic
iAnd G(hneral .tr'is.
All give .1 hWidence of the care an4d painsi taken
to supplyV i1 r4e4ders1 witlh 1all tihe ews and a
V l'1iety of Iealld ig tAl lht r4liainn t Ietil to ilntieist
e411h il 4 'V4ly mielllbi)" af the 1hou1inl5eholdh. Sub.
44'iliC Ihrloulh ul r a444 nts 444 r ,i4l4l| direct thI .
We desire a 1ll lgeln I4t 1v rv Post (fliie, alud
whelC noln lre ll:tl illli4inelld, let somle of oull
lihit1s il11 lis tile agelicy.
FAiRAN & XcLlAY, Publishers,
CINCINNATI, O.
SThe Saturday Evening Post.
The Oldest and Best Story Paper Pub
lished.
Founded August 4, A. D. 1821.
For more thai halllf a century the
Saturday Evening Post has bcJ4n the
GREAT LITERARY WEEKLY
of the Country, liltd has ever borne a
widespread idn illnlm;nlishll d relultaitioll
for tie liullinsurpllssed lpurity, reilillelellt
ald excellence of the 8crilalsl, Sketches
alid Misc'1lho0uilS readinlg ma tter.
It is 1ire-elielntinly
The Blost Family Palper
that is published in this Coluitry, from its
lever conltaiilihlg alilything ihilt, would
a3 reliitltol o4)1 p ol t setse, or that
oIllnd not hie 1ilis at aiiy ftr1 it ihout n
obrjlctionl f 14om14 the mo1t 1 ast Iitidiaults.
The4 circIllatiol of the Satuilrdity Even
ing Post, through not quite so large
iperilaips, s its youlllge'r coIlntempioraries,
is not, like thllt of 5slom of them, dluctit
ltthlg, liad too oftelli short liveell, btil
SUITE, SOLID ANl) SUBSTANTIAL,
4 )based upon the illtrilsic merit of thie p
per itself and not dependent on any ex
traneous inluiences, slluh as the olmluhri
ty of individuat writers, &c.
Goiod, however, as the Saturday Eveni
ing Post hais been in the 13ast, it is our
ilitlition to mIllike it still better iil the
fitllre, 1444d with this obtject ill vi4*w we
will ctfkct a malrked imlproveliellit inl eve
ry dell'artlmelit of the plller, 4lllln will
caill to oilr assistinllce writers ofadllitted
ability ant known repulltltioln.
By illcre:asillg its former attralctiols.
3la1d addinig mnly 1 jltiicioill. pilltl s
ieug novelties, by stul4dyilig hliow 4 to lse
114d lcultivateh "0the ipolaihr taste, by ill
crelisiag ilidlIstry and eltcrlprise, 4and by
enllrigl:4d flcilities, we ihol: t4o make 4elw
tiiellds with I:1lt:| alil4.1 C.;4ry issulle, 1141
c4inIltinle to mnintainil the claim oif the
ltulllrdayv Ev'leillg P4ost to its titlei of TIlE
O.IEST .AND TilE BIEST of Family Story
Papers.
Terms to subscrbers:
One year I copy $t:1.04) One innllh 25
" 2 COliies 5.00 T'wo 44lllo4hs 1 0
" 4 copies( 10.00 Three ll4o, 75
" 9 copies 20.00 Folur 1lo I 00i
To alny one sending $20 for a1 (lnh of
9, an additiomnal colpy will be s5uit FIlrEE.
$leailllen copies ciliI ihe had oil appl
cation. We Eilliploy ilo l'Trvc:lilng Agelnts.
All canll4nillliiil5ion t linsm t be addlressed to
R. J, C. \WALKER, Pl'roplietor,
727 Walnut Street,
Philadelphi
GRANGE WAREiO rSE
At GRLAND ECORE, La.
J.M I, POIITEI, Grange Agent.
rECEIVING, Forwardilng and Pur
1 helasinlg ,genlt lIr the Paltrols of HfIs
bandry. All lhusillness illntruisted to his
eare ewill recehiveo pirolipt aitt4r±ltion anld
tile l)tlr, in 0ll lst annllured of :eing lib
crally dealt with in cet'ges, &c.
A share of business is respectfudly so
licited,
March 25 tam.
aeopold Car*tel,
001133 KOSEa
Corner FRONT and HORN Stleets.
larch 25--1y Lunch free every day
WVITIW'i'1lI1 1 IS IN('(I1'ORAT'l'I)
WOO'S llOll : M F.
It is ti : illt'ntion ofli the' ¢e4|neduc ct'ors º'[
thI.il. :11i 1 ,in. t1o .Still If h3I r 1 mkl, it :.
1 li,5h' Io1i liter i':, l. 1 uuIil lli'''h li al ,x<, -
willt l, n gI:cglev d hil , l 4 1.ill eit r tal 'it ill
(capil -1 ,l l e'n. uni llI. t t 11 drl t.iI c" ie -
s11i. a1 1f 11'e 1ablhe :1lsI Vilst'lll'ivm coillpeºi-.
iui 111 of
Sll i ll'l'iA;i 13AI.IING.
Its ipari will le de,'ot'ld to populbti
11" , lliil', 3 .1lt it' , ialt, i h asl li ill. nttl to,
3 3ial dev i.h lo l lint. 1 it- f :h1r.trisi 1 ti ii
Itrl' , is *.llialtiln htel)e.ei ti' I.niii'
.ril ln331 w ol' n 11 hi ld, :.'liii th'ers et sluchi
I n1 14 t'ai 'o;1 1lllhl',c i l I uail ll ltlit:, -
ti' list tif lt' srit tlt I kl, .e k heh s oi'Lrlusi
el. ,Srial lStories T les Poemllins, Ppllrs .i
SIiience ruel Artl, IoIlliar Essaysi. l iNurl':
lives, Literary Clrit.is.-ni, 'l isie . on.I , ell.
tol ;.lthr with :1 varil'y il' :0lh·le alnd in
'ril.e 13431113g ivh4( llc.il| 33ll. 1i)il13131l u
tero stll ainc artiles 1111i the ila n lport1 L
I3 iest,1 1i1115 tif t l litay. A lar1ge prollg,
d ll o4 f tlhe arl3t iles, 1isnr .ially those p
t'i.letivre ttrav l,l 1 % ill il
311 '!1.'1"EL IY 11.I.'TRlTIIED.
The lpictorial u4ihelli.hn1Inis of tilt
Milillies hereafter cInsititiuig lone uo
it: c 1m1st attractive fitrlier lti3,s.
T1.t lirposlnis of iei ubl'ihishis D sito fulr
nish a lpriodtinl- wvhi,.h shall he instrun
ti'fe ill Thi e oIl ,1 llhl. The Ieil trary land
The Reallding illRoom. givi ail aulldalielet
of eitertaiinilig rr:t d ie tirll lite1 lltur4 -
and inforlmation for both hold nd youlg
clarrying light. ,Coklllrt and goold nature
into every family, and uin.king it accep
tabhhl fir the woll Huet hulfhlh-tLihcr
aill Ilil1 e111', Iboys 4ll girgth' 'J lll g iell
TheIl llustl'ateid l ho.sehlol .iaty.=ine
includeis Ie lral Distinct Irep;rtn Wntsl' ,
Iach lnler competenlit iand ciieit mali
,l'll lt viz :
1. Sketches--loisiStig if Descriptions
tof Travel I l AIdvltulre, Serial lStories,
Th'als ani i N arratives , lavishlyl and ap
propltritely illustrateld.
1. 1 Misctllaity-n11 llc Uip of brilliant ex
tracts lio llnew hook.s, highly entertain
inll sketches ofl notable personsli anti
thiiegs omr lhe t l bIet Foreigl Puiblhii
tioln, Poems auill Paplers on Science and
Art.
3. Editorial Dcllepartilent-in whichi in
given brilliant ess.alys upon a wide ran;g.,
of snllbjcts; social topics discussed andll
curr4'nt inidnts and doings gldnced at.
4. Fiahln i ptli arlnclret-contalinlig l
res'tl of the Pialis, Londolln and e yNew"
Yolk Fishliols, illustra:ted with engra
vitl, of the Iltest styles.
5. Literary Notch-devotedy to reviews
and criticisms of new books and general
Inl IIrt l lll io iln.
ti. Children's Delartnment-furnishing
instruction and entertahinment to the
IllBoys aill Ils, ldl thoil s older people
whlro have youn, g hearts. It lis el belicsh
elo witllus igh tlss illust·rations lof
Natural history, Wonderful '.euery and
rare uihtgtlnts.
7. Holusekeeper's o Department --coelllt .
plrising hinlrawtion anid recipies., laliy of
which are original m lnd pnliished for the
first time, all coIll eilcted ftrom the imost
iauthentic: sources.l llmti ery
It willI ir the constant aim of the
Hir11usehlil Puilishilg lli Companyllliii to irakre
THE ILLUSTRATED III IHO IlI'SEHOLD
nIMAGlAZINE i the ft Ulittere, as WoIda'
THousehold M lagiazhii h line has been in to
T"LE BEST DOLLAR MONTHLY PUl
LISIIED,
sparing neither ellort, trounle nor el.
lsell in lWI.irilii the lit Writers tas
'niltril tOr, and i t.l, fil.sEi Artli. .l . th po
,_le iosllustral ion wto erlich iles piges.
AGENTS WANTEI).,
1We require a gcl , tlithft l Agent iii l
evril htPo throughiut th i'ained ritteei
4'lid CmiiliAi, h4 wiill stl eIISt'iPe is
ithe blihss ,lOf plcrillllln 31i clubbier
not ir a lfw dis IlrT IiLnth nll- u
piermelltliily-with a hiie dchi rmnliratiil
to chrnvlss i htoihl ilid reiLiily tlli
eli trll(Iid I llct,, illm1 riv inlg every oi.
ipor lil to riliz a h lllth I oiiily
ie dt frioml the intro ducti.on of the
O nur P Itediu (1od ( .bbing List
offer great indhceylimeits for workinig in
o1tii' 1 beiehif ehl iiiI chulrhis hie1
hre alln iiiiiisl lllportui ' to prcutore
CSmisal hltrulnells fruigm thie Iist niili
ex'rtionms. Art1sal4 s, 3 r3itfree ionii u
Alld StuitleitlI UiVti grtpiiti- their lit5r41ry
tastes hy odiu rio g troi Lie .ihi g
F lw s an cri nters r Airraght.
-'O"E.11LA" S EClIS I 3PTION O il.00.
any address ul rLmceiplt of Tel u Clts.
The .~p 'gre wiihin ih, Iinitc.tn a ta.h
irw Poil Lilw rigiihig Ih.r plriky
linit of all iiiglizliite It 4 lbli) h
thi. nSIlN F s, ilster, olliscrilwt s, colm
_jSe ifr (ircilais cltiinel4il rit.e s e le
Formissii on g d ior thlc,,aii a ts io orlton
s-,. iin tho P mreini and Clubbing
W conetrinu to oJer lhis o e.lreetsed
hlusratcd HoiGenrl Merchiani dris. -
fBllowirg very toCaei sh t cus  oe
Ith Mor-uted Chrome1 , .9' ,1 U n
March'h 5--y.