j.s. I. .COSGROVE, ... Editor.
NATCIAITOCHES
SATURDAY - - - April 10, 1875.
,AwayL., 3 I B U I
1 squareA.... fiti 4 i $ 53 $10 0~ l5 ( 0 n:20 00
2 squares... 71 00 04 I 00 1 H 2 ( 0
3 ,sqnqat... 100' 13 0I0 1 OI 25 00 30 01
4 squares... 14o 11 010 :I2 9 0 00 35 00
5 sqaresn... 17n0 0 00 27 00 35 00 40 00
Saqunareo... 21 94 o00 32 ) 40 0 45 00
7 squares... 3300 27 00 34 00 5) 00 70 00
0 sQHare'... :: 34 ) 00 41) 0o s On 5 0 00
101 e1r*., 00 35 0 00 5 0 00 105 00
15 squares... 4500 60 00 70 00 I,0 00 125 00
20 g408are.... 69 0 00 (0 9) 00 125 00 50 00
Tran'sent aavertiAements $1.50 per 1qunar of
Slies .8revier, first insertion. Each aube.
quanet lsertiae 75 cents per square.
OUR .oaB OFFICE is aupplied with a
great variety ef type, and work in this depat.
ment performed with neatness and at moder.
ate priceS.
Terms, CASHI on delivery of work.
IRates of i bscription.
One Copy ine year..... .........$9.00
One Copy six mounths.................. 00
(Payable in advanee.)
John J. Herbert, is our duly authori
zed travelling agent.
Notice to Contributors.
No communlcations v ii be published
unless accompanied by he author's real
name. But one side oi the sheet to be
written upon when sent to us for inser
tion.
Articles to be short and to the point,
to have attention.
These are our rules and they must be
strictly adhered to.
Premiums to Subscribers.
The Vihicator will be furnished to
subscribers at the following rates.
1 year ........................ $3
6 mos........................ . $2
No subscription received for less
than six months..
ALL SUBSCRIPTIONS INVARIABLY IN
ADVANCE.
We will furnish to each yearly sub
scriber a magnificent Steel Engraving
19z24 inches. Now is the time to
subscribe-write to our Editor for
Jlub rates, in which we offer special
indnemnents.
.WlS PAII . i . - ILa W WI,
Wig, U~ui~sguummgm~sUq
NOTICE.
Persons ordering JOB
WORK from this Ofce,
must pay for the same on
delivery of the work.
No deviation from this
rule.
Alex. Garzia bas returned from
Now Orleans with a choice selec
tion of Family and Fancy Groce
ries.
Sportsmen are enjoying themselves;
at least that portion devoting atthn
tion to piseatorial amusement. Fine
trout, bass &c., are the rewards of
their toil.
River rising rapidly and in good
beoaing or4er to this point.
- j busy with crops and
no trade in consequence.
Yellow fever has broken out to
an alarming extent at Key West,
Fla., and Havana, Cuba. We
pray the scourge will not visit old
iled River this year.
Steamers Seminole and Bart
Able, at our wharf during the
neek.
To thos. looking for homes,
cheap, and with terms to suit the
dpoor. We tcommend the adver
tisement of IM H. Carver, in to
'days issue. Parties elsewhere der
rifug' to parehase, car address
him by letter for further partion
larn.
ohe Pennsylvauia miners are
n the rampage, in taet war al
most prevails there. No U. S.
tobpissed as yet, We suppose
that. ey are scarce at the North,
being used to support Bepublican
lathfod South.
The weather dlring the week has
Ieenm delightfully pleasant.
The .asn it ain have- wen twuo of
e lmatch games of Bias Ball agantst
the eitismea Mine. *.The play will be
res.o ted to-morrow (Sanday.) All
are crdially invited to ttenad.
we truta that our people wildo
m tbvng tl.yea  in the way of re.
pairing the red traom this place to
,.rand Eoem.' The swamp has been
' .`i te-duingthl edttite winter,
a is pdpi tt, ibe taken to put
he rseedla ordar as soon as posible.
ainl lemwatioa to the notice
4 1' Mam -214
j~i ~ C~
C. J. C. Puckette. to
This gentleman has assayed an ad- b(
dress to the "People of Natchitoches BI
parish" in the Republican of the 3d
inst., whitch we consider as worthy of
pa tice, not so much that we
fear ffet from his effusion upon
"the 'pie," to whom he so poetical- it
ly and confidently commends the con- i
sideration of his past actions, bit for se
the reason that we desire to give, or
not a "succinct,!' but a truthful his- ti
a tory of the gentleman's position in u
our parish since his political bow to
0 the public in 1872. He was elected
Supon the McEnery ticket a Senator
w in that year, and from that moment
w we date our allusions. His conduct
o from the beginning speaks for itself, I
€ and the act of his contesting the seat aM
of his defeated, but returned compe
titor, the negro Blunt, in the Lynch- 4C
Longstreet Senate, and accepting, af
ter a lame and pitiful statement of
his claims to his seat, the per die, e
and mileage; was sufficient to con
vince all of Mr. Puckette's political i
DO patriotism, and that his ideas of states
manship were narrowed down to per. b
sonal benefits, as he has declared he
was no "sentimental politician," and
what is meant by that is obvious to e
the most obtuse; every action of his
si life since that time, has convinced
Sthe public that Pnckette had apoliey
r- and was confirmed in it. "
The "succinct history of the mat
ter referred to," we propose to give t
e quite differently from Mr. Puckette,
and we proclaim that we will state
facts and actions that are susceptible
of proof, not vague conjectures and a
o surmises mixed with falsehoods and
slanders, as he has done in the ad
k3 dress now before us.
Let us go back a few months earli
er than the gentleman, and say that e
s about the middle of June, a move
ment of tax-payers was inaugurated
IN in this parish to relieve our people
from the burdens under which they
b- then labored, and Mr. Puckette was
ig one of the pioneers and leaders there- e
to in. He drafted Resolutions, attended
meetings and caunenuses looking to the
removal of the venial and corrupt
al Police Jury, then operating in the in- e
terest of Benllt, the tax collector;
n but when the people in their demands
for justice marched on to the cause
of the bad goverment, and demanded t
the resignations of Bonllt, Myers,
Bossier and young Bonllt, Puckette
immediately abandoned the people;
W withdrew from all affiliation with I
them, and finally, so far went over to
the Radical party as to do an act
which was sufficient for all time to
politically damn any respectable man
in this or any other community; he
C, voted for four of tlet men nominated
7 upon that tieket; a ticket gotten up
by Boullt, Pierson and others of that
Silk; he did this in oppositionto those
Spersons nomionted by the people, to I
whon hie now appeals for a favora
ble verdict, and that too, when the T. 1
n S. troops twere raiding through tlris
c- parish at tie instance of these veryj
.e Radicals, arresting his friends and
fellow-citizens, whom lie knows to be
innocent of any crime; then Mr.
's Puckette, to crown all, has the af
n- froutry to stand upon the public 1
ne streets and attempt to palliate the
of conduct of the U. 8. troops and their
use on the days precoedin, the elee
tien; to place it, ot upon 1the ground I
of an outrage upon liberty, but, "that 1
it was a political move." These facts
id Mr. Pauckette cannot deny, as they
are known to every citizen of honest
intelligence in the parish. 1
to In December last, Puckette went to *
St, New Orleans to assist in the over- 1
'e throw of the Kellogg usurpqtion, and
Id In his capacity of McEnery Senater, I
to take part in the conteiuplated 1
coup detat of the Conservatives,
Sbut instead of this, we find him in
he emnsultation with Kellogg, and not ten
days after the outrage of Gea. Sheri
dan with his troops in dispersing the
Slegal Bopuse under Speaker Wiltz;I
he at the moment when the. whole State
5' was up in arms against so plain and
to- palpable a violation of Constitntional
Le liberty; when the whole No'th were
s crying oeat against it, we l'nd Pack
u. ette,'a MeRnery Senator, quietly "en
deavoring to get Kellegg to make a
liberal compromise in the affairs of
e Natcehitoaqes pari sh;" and what were
al- his plane that he then pressed upon
8 Mt. Kellogg'? He fails to inform us
se of tbhat. InI these interviews about
the "middle ofJanuary, in the "basis
ef amicable adjusetment," submitted
by this worthy Senstor, he "comes in"
a a part and parcel of the "liberal
a compromise? First he would take
(in the interest of peace) the position
of Clerk of the District Coaurt, that
of failing, is the demands of justies and
lSt e1, 'he had no positive objections
be which might not be overcome, to the
U Pariah Judgeship, ,and before thib
people should be withoeaut bhis aluable
do ereesar, he woul4 be willing to as
s sept the umtlsankfl office of Tax Col
to lestor., Here we have "Mr. Pack
en rti's polities" in a a'nut shell; if A
 .net be a McEnery Senator, he win
t be a Kellg Tax (olleetor; what a
mighty falling from greatiess. M~(r.
Puckette, in politaics, has no suach idea"
ee as mspaid patrietism, unrequited leee
le. l.r the pple-oe, sad spela m i."
Sthe surs total be requiree as a re
i man-isashwn- by..it - appeals to the
people against the judgment credi
'4ff 
tors, and his endeavoring to ride into
popular favor again, by using the
battle cry of the people against tr
eBoullt, in 1874, in a movement which
Puckette for prudent motives or po- t
htical reasons, declined to fake part. to
He points oat the editor of this pa
per as "a relative" of judgment cred- in
itors, and that "loud professions of in
patriotism are often employed to hide he
selfish motives," to that we have hut
one reply to make, Puckette LIES in m
thus attempting to misconstrue our Il
o motives and position, and he knows
it. !Ie is too pitiful, selfish a sneak w
Shimself, to ever discern any motives t!
t in others save such as his meanness h,
would suggest.
This attempt to create a diversion tl
' in his favor, is so weak and palpable
as to cause us to smile; the public si
must remember that his Bondnsmen
were the largest judgment creditors in
the parish; these were his friends, p
whom he says, "certain parties were ti
' endeavoring by popular clamor to b
" induce to withdraw their names from
at his bond." Here Puckette was play- t
r ing another of his gaimes of duplicity; a;
r- by this appeal to the'public he hoped c
to be quietly permitted tocollect tax
es; with three large judgment eredi
tors on his Bond, he cries out to the i
people not be alarmed thereat, for b
he does not intend to collect the 40 tl
mills tax. The tax-payer's we opine, tl
do not desire such promises, as p
they have demonstrated, without Mr. ,
Puckette's assistance, the fact of their b,
e' ability to protect themselves from e
le injurious and illegal taxation. We ,
are no defender of judgment cred- t
itors more than of other individuals, ,
and our record has been made on a
that point. I
li- To state the case plainly, Puckette ,
at endeavors to build up his popularity e
with the thunder of others, and in.
edthe attempt, lie has miserably failed. ii
le His address, however, sets at rest the f
y hitherto questioned whereabouts in t
the political caldron of Senator Puck- I
e- ette, and he has sublimely verified t
ed his "straddle the fence" policy, in his
he letter to the public in these columns I
pt in October last, and has dropped on the I
n- inning sidle. aving once tasted the
sweets of political pap, the habit has a
ds become fixed; mistaking policy and I
self-pay, for principle, and imagining
ed all hen fools but himself, he attempts f
to defend his weak and vacillating r
conduct by an appeal to his unknown t
constituency. I
, "Policy will's some seeming cause be had I
ith To mako TlAT good, which justice knows
to for bad."
- --~~-- !
set Our people are resting very quietly
to and do not seem to be inclined to
an "bonditism," notwithstanding that
charge is made against them, and
ted they live under the pleasant imputa
up tion of being "gentlemenly cut
t throats." We suppose that the a.lic
tion is not killing, and we care but
little for the opinions of those whoi
love us so little. We are led to these
reflections by the persistant manner
i in which our enemies distort the ex
Spressions and views enunciated in
od these colmans. The Yi~ndicator is ex
Specsted each week to dish up a dozen
Ir. or so broiled Radicals wherewith to
feed the publio, and when it doesI
lie not,. a simple article on tle weather
he is immediately tortared into a thun
r der storm. When good resulted, we
"were not slow in holding up to pub
d lie gaze, public men and their acts,
t but now that nothiing can result frot
ets these,attacks, and being convinced of
ey our baring "gone through the whole
t list," we are led to believe that our
passions should be suffered to cool.
to True, some Radical sheets smarting 1
sr- under the lashes we gave them during
ud the campaign, which they then quiet
or, ly took, proceeds to "poke us up,"
ted but even thait, we are disposed to let
es, pass, and tarn our attention to home
il matters; the improvement of our
en country and the advancement of its
ci- true interests. This is the state of
th, our feelinoge just at present, but should
Sany imagine we propose to take
te abuse--well, the past must be our'
ad criterion for the future.
'-l " ..-- O [
re We call especial attentiqn to
ck- theb advertisement of Martin &
Sn- Smith, lumber dealers, saw mill
Ia men and building contractors, in
Sof to-day's issue. They-are prepared '
ere to tfurnish lumber of all kinds at
ou low rates, and to construct cabins,
ont cottages &c., promptly and very
isis cheap. We commend this new
ad enterprise to our planters who de.
in sire to build ontheir farms, as we
al are patisafied that they will save
tke money by giving Martin & Smith
o a call
hat s
nad The Queen of Packets, the Bart
ais Able; arrived at our wharf on Tues
the day last,and her advent was hailed
bil with delight by ear citiseas. The
bl efofoth-f Capt. Dick 8innott to punt,
m- and Jkeep in the trade, a magnitleent
oh- line of steamers suited to our wants
k- Is being appreeiated, and we knew
he his efforts will meet with that reward
il they deserre.
ta On' geJadal friead G. Ca. Hamilton,
r. haus charge fet tle olce, mad his many
le rlenes were pleased to .greet him.
ee Mesr. Frencm h aqd Dowty, are his
are assItants. ,aLg life and 'ICeess to
re- the Slnanott line.,
The mania fo spellng has
Spliprieid all ovetthe country, and
the maitbes seemn the order of the
di-al. da.
I desire in my private capacity to a
trespass upon the forbearance of the
public in a statement of my part in Be
the "Puckette horror," which seems
to have awaked so much sympathyb
from a certain class of people for that
individual, and to have called down t
his, and their, maledictions upon my
head.
Mr. Puckette has formerly stood in t
my estimation as a man of honor at g'
least, but when lie rushes into print bi
with columns of false statements and 10
surmises, I must in all candor say
that Mr. Puckette is acting very dis- Ic
honorable, to say the least of it. G
The difficulty between myself and
that gentleman was purely private, C
growing out of a report which I con
sidered front a reliable source, to the
effect that lie, Puckette, had made
promises to Kellogg to edit a Radi
cal paper at this place, in consider
tion of the office of Tax Collector
being given him. Mr. Puckette did tl
not deny or refute 'his to my satisfae- I
tion, hence tho difficulty. This is all a
aInd othling more. What consequen- a
ces followed I have nothing to do
with. The gentlemen who withdrew m
from his bond did so without con- *
" umiting me, nor did I solicit then too; b
r but thinlo that the public will view o
I the fact in the same light I did, that p
' the question of editing the Radical
s paper here was not satisfactorially i
settled to their minds. As to my o
r being a champion of the judgment 0
creditors; my having been put for- 0
e ward by them; my acting in their in
terest, Mr. Pucketto lies in his teeth c8
Swhen lie says so. I may be extreme, ti
a and I am not sorry for it, 4I am v
not so mean and selfish as ake 1
n use of slanderous lies, as Mr Puck- t
S ette does, to advance me with the p
q public. I have never said one word b
. in my capacity as Editor of this pa- t
C per against any Radical in this parish t
" that I am not prepared to prove the s
truth of. My extreme feeling amounts I
d to telling plain truths in plain en
is gilsh. and I think if Mr. Puckette
s should cultivate "extremes" for a t
1e season, it would improve at least,
e his qualifications for veracity. He
s can make the most of his "meal tub,"
d but I insist he shall not do so over me.
g Mr. Puckette can hold as many of- a
t flces here as he sees at; I have no
g objection, hat I claim, and till assert,
a that he shall not inflict me with the
penalty of a political outrage, for a
, personal rencounter.
Very Respectfully,
J. H. COSGROVE.
----. 4W - -
y The Conservative Press. ý
o We read the following announce.
ment in the Claiborne Advocate,
made by the proprietor Col. Napier
- Bartlett. The situation of the Advo
t cate is not unlit'e that of iearly every
t anti-Radical paper in the State which
is dependent upon the support of the
people:
"e We slall not conceal from our
,r friends the fact that the Conservative,
r- oer Democratic paper of the parish,
in after an honorable career of thirty
Syears, is new having a death struggle I
for existence. T!his situation is part
n ly due to the present printing law and
to partly to hardl times. Some will not
es advertise or subscribe, and some will 1
Snot pay when they do. These causes
make it very diefficult to publish a
" satisfactory parish paper of any sort. I
re Under the circumstances we can
. only state that without some show of
active ranerest on the part of its 1
' friends the career of this [aper is
n ended. Its naturtal allies must samy
of whether they want any longer expo
le sition of their rights and wrongs, er
whether its door shall be closed and
its type be shipped off for old matal,
Sort itsmaterial blended in that of some 1
ig better sustained paper. ,
ig Unless something is done to assast
t- the Conservative Press throughout
," the State, all will be forced to sue n
et pend, and if our friends in Natchito
me ches parish do not come forward with I1
or a measure for our relief, we are feart
itsful that they will be compelled to:
of vindicate their own canuse.
ke The compliment paid Senator Puck
or ette by the Republicas last week, is
good, especially that part which re
fern to "bitter partisanship." The
to white people of Natehitoehes have
& very little confidence or respect for
ill any man who "went back" on them
in lastyear, and Mr. Pauekette is inclu
Sad der the Uslider.."
at Until the offieial promulgatina of
i, the compromise we shall be silent. If
that ducumeat shall secnre a "limita.
ry tion" of the legislative action to the
w schedule of subjects stated in the
le. proclamation, or to such measures as
both parties shall agree upon, our
Re object of reform and order will be at
ye taimed, If, however, we find even
th the Picayune creeping from its own
position, to get within range, as soon
as the truce shall terminate, we shall
deny that the reorganisation is either
rt a term or an agreed eoasequence of
,a- the eompromise, and advise.our
ed friends to stand to their armes until
hey shall know whetlher they mare to
si a eompromise or a capitulation.
it The above from the N. . Re.
!pblicaa. does not smack so much
Sof a burning desire to eompro
d mise, in other words, if this new
Legislature repeals such laws as
n, deprive that joulnal of its S900
my 00ooperyear, pap; it will oppose
m. it and advise its fMeads to steal
Is on, repudiate reform and take
to poor loeisna, body and soul.
We will see the end in a short
as time, hnd now venture to aesert
i that the e2ptsn will indulge in
he some tall' howling belbre many
dysa.
We publish the following for tile [
benefit of the public without com
ment. The statements are in them
selves answered. Our people all
know them to be false and slanderous,
but the effect sought for by this tirade
has been had, an outrage has been
made of a personal difficulty and b
nothing we could say would undo it. t'
Mr. Puckette is too good a politician a
to allow an opportunity to pass so
t g sod as this to assail our people. We r
t beg to inform our citizens that we e
have it from reliable authority, that
Mr. Puckette's associates in New Or- i
leans, and his sympathizers are Allen t
Green, the resigned Lincoln parish ii
tax collector, D. II. Boullt, and H.
C. Myers. Associations make the I
man. Ii
e The Natchitoches Outrage. f
A CARD FROM MR. PUCKETTE.
_ Editor Republican : t
In your statement of the assault t
recently made on me at Natchitoches, a
d there are several trivial errors which t
I shall-not consume time to correct, c
i as your article is calculated to leave s
a fair impression on the public mind 1
u as to the main facts.
0 I am not willing, however, to per- a
v mit the following extract from your c
editorial to remain uncontradlicted: c
"To save his life, Mr. Puckette, t
bruised and suffering, fled to New f
f Orleans to call on the Governor for c
it protection." t
it Sueh is not the case. I remained t
in Natchitoches for several days after a
" the occurrence, freely pursuing my
Y ordinary avocations. I came to New
it Orleans not to "seek sanctuary," but
on business connected with my office. a
I shall return home on Saturday, con
scientiously and fearlessly, to dis-.
charge my duties as a citizen and of
e, ficial, relying for a just and favorable b
a verdict from a majority of my own t
'a people after a fair and impartial hear- f
ing. I am satisfied that the hostility
- to me is not personal, but instigated
is purely by selfish motives, entrenched
-d behind a feeling of political proscrip
tion for opinion's sake, which has t
been sedulously cultivated by ex
treme men in my parish. I ask no
ie special protection ; no partisan sym
ts pathy ; no governmental interference;
Sno ostentatious parade of the partisan
persecution or petty social ostracism
to which may still pursue me. I believe
a that the violent and vindictive spirit
•, which has held sway in Natchitoches '
•e parish for several months will finally
, culminate in this effort to wrong the 1
' people by crushing me, and that there
e. will be a reaction in favor of peace
fV and order as soon' as the taxpayers
to see the "little game" which is being 1
played on them by their professed 4
,. friends under cover of political zeal. I
oe Very respectfully,
a C. J. C. PUCKi'TTE,
New Orleans, April 1, 1875.
Puckett's Outrage Mill.
lle tells a Tale to the Faithful in Yew
Orleans-Copious Tears shed over
the Outrages in ILouisiana--enato
e, rial attentionia invoked.
o- In the parish of Natchitoches Mr.
C. J. C. Puckette has spent the gretat
Ster portion of his life. He was born I
b in Louisiana, has always been a De- I
he mocrat, was a candidate for thile Sen
ate. He was a property-holder, was
r an old editor, and his honesty none
e could question. le was fully idea
li tified in the completest scope of that
y slang phrase with the peoiple of his
pe parish. Acting on the represents
.- tion that all that was needed to sat
d isfy the opposition was the filling of
ot ofeces with honest men-men in Iher
ill mony and identified with the people
em -Governor Kellogg appointed this
a man tax collector of that parishb. In
it. that parish there are certain levies
n which have been over and over again
*f denounceed as illegal and declared to
its be made for the sole purpose of filling
is dishonest Republican carpet-bags.
my Nevertheless themre is significant and
*. uncontradicted testimony tending to
or show the benefi8ts of this levy would
ad accrue to others than Republicans.
M, Mr. Puckette, whether as a Democrat
n beliering the Democratic campaign
cry that these levies were dishonest
because made by Republicans, or as
an honest man beiong convinced by
at legitimate evidence, refased to press
s the tax payer therefor.
SMark the result. . A Democratic
Ith mob Immediately laugrated the
work of pereseuting, maltreatng sad
l driving away this Democratic tax eel
to lector who refosed to collect what was
denounced by Democrats as a carpet
bag maid rascally Republican attempt
k- at knavery. The leadership of this
i outrage was assumed or thrust upon
Sthe editor of the Yisdieator, and per
re- formed tie task with Democratie vin
he dictivenmese. To save hise life Mr.
e Puokette, bruiseed and suffering, fled
to New Orleans to call on the Gover
r nor for protection.
SoHe reis man driven from his home,
In- his parishand his duties, because Ie
is an eficial of the predeut govern
mentof LousIana. Ise hb a Repalu
of lican t No; a Democrart. Was his
Scharaceter bad No; its excellence
a. wals his recommendation for the offiee,
he for which his neighbors supported
he him two years ago. Didr he do a dis
as honest act in his ofee No; his isa
,r tegrity is above quaetion. Did he
,t attempt to carry out an obnoxieas
e, Republiecan measret No; he was at
n tempting to defeat one so denounced
on by Democrats. Why, then, is this
all honest man, eld and respected citi
aer zeus, Democratic leader and estima
of ble jentleman, driven from his home ?
,ur e as compelled to seek sanctuary
ti solely because he is an odfficial of the
to Republican government of Louisiaana.
n When, then, no other canuse can be
honestly assigned, is there not force
in the doubt expressed in the question:
ch Are Republicans ostracised because
ro they are dishonest Not only among
those more deeply interested in its
Ssolution by living under its effect is
as this qnestion important, but to all
who desire that justice shall be done
and the right triamph. To those
me abroad to whom we look for aid or
eal counsel, this latest ease is commend
ed. And should it meet the eye of
those Senators who have been most
prominent in their interest in the
a Louisiana question, should Morton or
SCamerqa, or even Thurman see it,
they can find much in it for ruflec
n tion.-N.. O. Bqpublian.
Y Steamer Seminole arrived last Tues
day evening, with a good freight.
The General Appropriation Bill. CI
The following letter explains it
self:
ISTATIE OF T LOrISIANA,
ExEcUTIVE l) EIDr' P3Aint:, fai
New Orleans, April 2, 1875.
Hon. A. P. Field, Attorney Gen'lt. Lniiana: at
Sir-On the 24th of March last a sit
I bill was presented to me, duly at pa
tested by the Speaker of the House st:
and President of the Senate, making
appropriation for the general expen- th
ses of the State. On the 27th o:
B March I signed that bill and present- m
ed it to the Secretary of State for i,
promulgation. I have since been in is
formed that the bill so promulgated in,
- is not the bill which was attested by
a the presiding officers of the two an
Shouses, but has been materially ob
changed, and another enrolled bill,
duly attested by the Speaker of the rid
SIlIonse and President of the Senate, th
has this day been presented to me th
for my approval. tr
I have no desire in this matter ex
cept to secure to the meritorious of- th
fleers of the State the payment of ce
their salaries, and to afford relief to s
t the charitable institutions of the State gi
, and I have no means of judging of in
I the proper enrollment of a bill ex- ,(
, cept from the certi'icates of the pre- i
a siding oficers of the two houses. w
I They having certified to me that the ti
bill promnulgated and now in posses- w
Ssession of the Secretary of State is
r correctly enrolled, I will, if you con B
cur, sign the bill now presented and w
transmit it to the Secretary of State dt
r for promulgation, leaving to the
r courts to determine the question of qi
the legality of these bills, or any por- a
I tions of them. Please give me your at
r opinion. Respectfully. it
I WILLIAM P. KEI LOGG. a
r ---" - II
t We desire to impress upon the y
. minds of our voters the great neces- sc
- sity of registering for the approach- le
ing City election. The office should
o be open from the 1st to the 23d of
a this month. We append the notice lii
for information:
P Whereas, in accordance with the he
City Charter, of the City of Natcehite- er
cles, an election is to be held on Mon- to
day, the 3rd day of May, 1875, for
- the purpose of electing a Mayor and fi
six Councilmen, for the city of Natch -
" itoches, notice is hereby given to all
qualified voters within the corporate uI
limits of said city, that the office of ea
n Registration for said election, will be "
" opened at the Court House, on Thars- fa
] day, 1st day of April, 1875, and close ft
it on Friday the 23d of said month. .'
All qualified voters within the cor- A
e porate limits are requested to be reg- 1
istered anew. Ii
tl
0 Arrangements have finally been ti
perfected with the W. U. Telegraph h
d Company, and the completion of the o
i. line to this point is a certainty. We d
consider we have good cause for self P
congratulation, inasmuch is one great 0
public improvement has been award
ed dull old Natchitoches. The line a
will be completed and ready for bu- t
.r siness within thirty days. Ii
Our Mexican neigliborA have been c
comnuitttag depredations upon the d
STexas frontier to an alaraminog ent
fato tihe past six months; their raids
- and devastations having extended 150
* miles into the interior of Texas. The ti
authorities at Washington are at last n
. making a move in the matter. We 
t append tihe latest dispatches in rela
s tion thereto:
New York, April 2.--Tribnne's
SWashington special says, informa
tion was inmparted at the War !k
r" partment yesterday through high ,f. '
Sficial circles that the President wold (
declare as the policy of the governe- I
mneat i disposing of Mextican raids t
Sand les of American lives and pro- i
Sperty reparation from the Mexican '
government in shape of money in- I
mg demity for depredations committed t
Sby the subjects of that government
d on the Texas borders. Our govern
to ment will insist upon this reparation, t
Id and in order to enforce a conclusion it I
Sis admitted that the Secretary of War 4
at wili, if no other resource is left, carry i
P out the determination by strength. c
Sening the Ameriean border line by
attaching thereto another streteh of '
SMexican terriltoy. It is intimated I
Sthat General McKenzie is to be trans- I
ferred from Fort Sill and take charge I
c of troops on the Texas border. The ,
SMexican government will shortly be I
Spresented with a film demand on the I
pert of our government for due re- i
s paartion or take tile oeely altemrnative 1
Sof war along the border with the lI
Spurpose f enforcing our demands. I
-Military.
n- -
r. ON. AUGUR TAKgES COMMANID.
r Saturday Gen. Augnur quietly took
charge of military affairs of the De
sr, partment of the Gulf.
Ie lien. Augur's staff is composed of
n.I the following officers: i
i, Major E. . Platt, Adjutant Gene- I
lie ml of the Department.
ce Major J. A. Potter, Chief Quarter
, master.
E Major O. L. Febijer, Chief Pay-i
is. master.
s- Surgeon James Simons, Medical 1
he Director.
as Capt. T. C. Sallivan, Chief Corn-i
S.Cpt. G. B. assel, First Lieat. J.
de A. Ugur, First Lit. C. Augur,
. Aids-de-Caa.
a. The aides came with Gea. Anger
? from Texas. The staff is constituted
ry the same as Gen. Emory'se; with this
he latter exception. Gen. Emery'asides
a. were Capt. W. W. Sanders, who will
be join Irhis regiment in Dakota; Capt.
ce Luke O'Reilly, who gee to the In
n: dian Territory; and Capt. Hays, who
se departs for Arizona. The general or
ug ders, announcing the fact of the new
ita General's sceeesion to the emmand,
is are being prepared for promalgation.
all ---..**
ne YELLOW FEVER.-It is reported
se that yellow fever is epidemie at Key
or West and HIvaa with possibility of
id. fever at Vera Crua. This will give
of the Senatorial excursionlat a pause,
et with ebaleas somewhat against their
he preeeeding farther. If they go on
or the Dispateh she will sail Saturday,
It, but as rethat vsel has just arrived i
mc. from Key West and fearing they may
have the germs of fever on beard the
party ma- go by the regular stemnuer
ws City of Havana, which sails Sunday
morning for Vera Cruz.
Cbtton Manufacturing in the
South.
[From the Sci(ntific Amer'e:an.
Tt is a well known fact that cotton
fa'tories at tihe South have been
ninking moiey while nmany of those
at tihe North Lhae been compelled to
smlspend eperations in whole or iit
part. Some of the reasons for this
state of things are as follows:
1. Labor is cheaper at the South
than at the North.
2. In consequence of a milder cli.
mnate, the necessary expense of liring
is less there than in New England, it
is also that of henting factory build.
ings, etc.
3. Coal is abundant in the South,
anti cheap water privileges can ie
obtained in every direction.
4. The purchase of the raw mate.
vial direct from the producer saves
the profits of numerous middlemen,
the cost of several buildings, and long
transportation.
To these advantages I am satisfied
that still another of great importane0
can be added. The Southern feto
should buy the cotton in the
gin, and then spin it, without packing
into bales; and it is to urge some f
your inventive readers to arrage
machinery for this purpose that I
write this communication. Some or
the advantages of such a system
would be as follows:,
1. The yarn would he stronger,
Baled cotton be prepared for carding
without beating, and thus weakening
the fiber to a greater or less extent.
2. There would be less waste. PeM.
quently much cotton is discolor
and otherwise injured by foreign asL
stances that have been packed uij
it. I understand that at the Neo
and in Europe it takes from 108 t
115 lbs. of cotton to make 100 lbs. d
yarn ; and although the waste is set
so great at the South, it is neverthe.
less considerable.
3. The cotton seed would be pmr
ed at the same establishment, ad
the oil and oilcake sold for many all.
lions each year.
4. The interest on gins and gin
houses, which are now idle the gratd
er part of the year, would be saved
to planters.
5. The raising of cottons ona malt
farms would be encouraged. TMe
plantation system is not adapted to
free labor, and is steadily bruakisg
up; but until cotton can be readil
sold in the seed, few small far
will be opened in the cotton seetie,
for the reason that a man cannot af
ford to buy and operate a gin if In
only plants a few acres ofe ottd
Better,cottons and more per acre vi
be obtained on small farnisatha
large ones. The reason of this k
that a hand can plant and enitivai
two or three times as much cottes
he can pick. During the picking as
son, the entire field should be pg
over at least once a day. Eva w.
der the slave system, planters wi
put in an acre of corn for each em
of cotton, and sent the smalleetpit.
anniry into the field to pick estie,
were often nnable to pick fadte g
and now that they have so little es
trol over their workmen, the resd
is sometimes disastrous. But t
small farmer if he is unableA to lt
extra hands wlhen lie needs Gem,
can generally rely on wife and dlE
dren to help.
I am confident that, nnder t1
tern proposed, the Honth can a
factnre cotton cheaper timan New
gland, or Old England either; m
that if tie proper effort is ulu,k
need not be long before her aes
from cotton will be double what b k
now.
Mexican Outrages.
New Orleans, March 31.-The - Gd
veston News special from Csr
Christi, of the 31st ult, ays s
erican timan with her hssa
company with a teamster from a
arrived here to-day and gives arse
statement that she saw at th b
Fernande creek on last Friday,a a
thlirty-five miles from here, twoi
ricans that had been killed. II
were stabbed in several plaus a
theit horses and arins still mea; l
apparently had been dead .l5,
Sday. One wasarvery stoutmil
heavy black hair and beard aed
Sother a light haired man, boh.d
twenty-live years of age. l -
str-bauied them in their
I kets and hastened o. she
Splace called Ch sola abat,
Smiles frm tis pa me
were hanging upon a tree.
Sevidently the work in thei
SRuamors from a rellable mers
e other similar eases; alsotha
Ibody of Mexicans have re s
Rio Grande frofm Mesxslee
this their objective polnt. T1'
great anxiety felt for the l
our citiseas and busines is l
entirely suspended and as
leaving town or comaing I.
chants say tupy will ordr 4 _
,goods till these outrages M
and they are offered some
SOur citisons and arms ar Si
to resist the threatened atteetlfi
I tisen and merchants held a _
ing today requestingthUr J
to furnish immediate reliu.
REDIPTI'ON OF MUTILATD
BENCT.-4ay a Washington qiu'i
March27: The Treasrer
t United 8tates will son inss e
lar amending the regulatio .P
Sing the redemption of United i
eurrney, so that in easses of
tion deduction will be made hi l
portion to the part missieng. 1
cease of legal tender noteq, atf hasl
Sone-tenth of the original p'U
to the note is missing, the aUllf -
will be disregarded. If @10
the note is missing, one-tenth d
I face value will be deducted. Ilf
*than one-tenth amd less ths 
- fifth lb missinges one-fifth of the
value will be deducted, and 0
-reckoning by tenths; but noa
which lesa than one-fourth d
original is presented will be rdll
without evidence thalt thle
portion is tatally destroyed.
I same rnle will be applied to" '
' ted fractional crrency, with the
f statution of one-fith for
STime amended regulations will
Seffect the let of May next.
A man who was sentencel to
I lung was vialted by his wife,
r said: "My dear, would you li,
I clhildren to see you executed " "4
r replied he. "That's just like "r
r said slu ; "for youa never wnted t"
cildren to have any enjoyment. "