Adetsn Rates-e1h~iiai ~p~.'Ii
JI H. COCRV
"d In I~n IIate i ;I:)__ V110~d e t w i~ t th t (
I I
s' i'"' r+,. Il .41 on In Susnili; 70Il) 1 e..I%+1
1itare+.l I____;___S bi n,_W nnndN t ch t o c esa ri h e s
d' '4 IIII k . 1:
;, 11 1 . 11 ý _ - - - ý4 - - - - - - - -- - --- - - -- -
,. 5 IIý 44 , ,I IIIIIII11 l 111o f c a Or a oft e W i e C iz n
I~44l' 1 4l~~~l Duel. II 101111 and 4e4a di4 81111# 444413 1p tt~O l
BUSINESS DIRECTORY. JO)
" " -III\-Family (Groce"i , CLrner .41 and
A Ž wittt ~ATTOI
+ It&-Wodand I laksmith Work,
SChurclh street. .E
NI-h, New Stand -i\, er giardens,
Sl Fine Will" , . ign rsn" '.iL " . .t.tni. W ill
-- [. -1- ] stantrant, tit Denis Street.
uP Nll'yý
[,E\ LIEMEE'" N,,t, y Public, St. lDenis
'. - -,uE l t r -l i .r C i ýEi l! t', , i' i lt , ti,,tt
j ,outt and '.  i,'se .. S i I ..is street. (, Ct i
O() i rr Kti rolI' 'i i ' i i veld, tal e and t
1) . arEL , St t. fiT,. Itt,'il ttreet. _ _
- & ., t\I'l i i, Tercha iliend
ý) Plantation Supplies, Frl ,nt street. .... .
-I -- I --ý,CI N INH tI\M& CH APL\IN--.t
L trnec a t' Law 'ashitun st"eet- -
turnenert
/O~ý-1 LEVV--F;mily IGroeries and
G Geeral Mercht dize. Front street.
.:! l' W l 1'--)rr G10,1+" r. Gr .
-1 be ll }
- Aria and ;ieinieralt .erc itha , tiz l S 'l 1i e St
tnt frS,',retw i;ttt n Shln . Front street.
I * E ir . atl '-\mi'A tittri'l. .\ ittr 'v in
, t\ A iN t h- W.miiii, \1 1. ,,ack Si nd St.
j/ I U las ot__.Ac ,1 , ' . . ii, t"tla i S t rlt ut.. . . ._- .
1 I, 'N' 1 r- 1'hau ters'' ftel -l',ivrit,'
J. farC. rT'+ ad It- ra,,' s r, , t Sti_ i. l 'i - lt
I NlE -Ioti , und St h s made all rtpatir.
D. e,, St lb..is Steir. \Vt
GORGEt W. KIEA:.dINE\I'-tnttrn r and No.
II.' I ' H ElNc, -tutu n lu t iI . - tr. t lI.
E Ml t ) K & B'll t-).h (hter Oak Stutits anm i t
Tl'inwvar' I'l ,t reet. - I F,,,
K:1 F Dl REtaily Icatrs andti e ites, Ag runt the -
*ut sheet. W-g t)rlg t
,IT I.I'I'1'IITEI':N TEI N- IeniHral asstmneln
11 D)ry GI,.d. aid f ;rt( ri"oe. Frntl -,lreet .
l] 111I1t1.[.\[ I.' ..liy I;,,,d- and liroverivs.
11 Front strtie t.
* E so T, street. ti
SJA mCOI t-ts Iwititt,. " tn St. , i.nu ti, ''t rei
1" th, 1ii --r.lidige,. , inet ,|rsn St lres't. \V .
ol CI'T L-h' v I in nl and rovrit.i Ieiw
" 6 o tlhe Dirt h ri dg,'. h Jlaf. rs, n St'reet.
EVY &P) 1 _Lt 1'11-- c~li,' tdi andl tekl ',i ti's,
+ 1 h taple Ilirl I 'rittttlit .i . it l tiitt IS itt tlt.
+ i).l tE.Xl - land' AgttitySl . Itun. s a t Il c.i-it. ,
e/ \Vla thin tou st.r'eet. 1
JAS. .F P" It'; º- -' I i a ,:nd Ir,,merieaca'r- 1
er, I',ottr I-n a liI .\tun 't a Sti teelrs.
J , \ ;DIV~ ' Il--TI' I'h h ni'-1'Ihice Li
. quors and ('1i,.,l'., St. Denis Street.
JAS. 31. I. Tl'CKEl--.ttorney at Law St.
Delnis Street.
JA3. KING.--Watchmasker and Jeweler, St.
eelns street. t
J. D I'KLE I.tAN..I tess u alnd Saddle'ry,
J Washingth,. street.
J C.TRElC I l--Ieeral Ml,,rchaultit.WaiSht
* ngton street. t
J DUCASSE-etnleral AssthrtmoIlnt of tMer
*c handize, Washington street.
J 1I.PHENS-L\umber Yatrd. intersection
* FrontLaf.yetto and Washington streets
ibl ' Ot)K & BO.-- al Wholesalh
a1 * nd Retail IDealer and sitle Agent for Wa
onL, Washington street.
T A. DIUCOU)RNAU-Fancy and Statle .Dry
** Goods, Boots, Shoes, Hats and uthting.
Front street r - it
JAMES T. SPITI)WL - IiuseM, sign, aurd lr
nament.l painter. Front Sut.e. corner' ulitne.
CARTEL--Th. Gem Biar Roi'n, chice
I A \Vines, Liluors antd Cigart, Front street.
EVY & PHIIILLIPS-Full St.ck t'ancy anud
I Staple Dry Goods and Irmoeries,tFront St.
SDTPl .[IX---Land Agent . n'. l anis street.
I tee.--_
I[ . CA l +t-I ryl G .t.ir els, t lroe rit'irt s and
. Gneral Merchandize, F ront strict.
%,iT H JACT~t--orne a,,t Law,, 2t, aret,
SSt. AFFRATS -oot and Shoe Maker,SD
IAPMAD IN- S treet.artmet of
O* Goods of all kinds, Jhetfti'.on st,'eet.
POWEtLL &+ .\ 11.1 ON--th.y.'i,'ai"" ,a,, Sur
geons St. lDenin Street.
P VEITLEMAN -- Undcrtaker. WVa.hington
e POET E-- Bak er.ht, Jtrso .treet..
work and Bhack.mnithing, Corner 3d ain
Sibley Sis.
vtVEUEA--.\\ amily,.,. .!.d -Plntatio,,
P* Oroeeries, Washington street.
RS. CALVES'"-Denltist, Jedi-r.on street"
E. tFRK<:--C+h,,. F+a,,il" .a,,, Weste,'n
*. O a,,,ery tDeale,, r ,,,t st,'eet.
i) P. I[UTSON--Livery, Sale and F,'ed Stable,
"---NEILKINSq- Dry Go..ds a.,d lrnw,,rie,., Jeff
k7 erson Street, below l)irt bridge.
W'IN'BARG--(eneral M,rchanlize, P lan
*. tti,,. a.,t Vam,,, u p ',pli_,:._ Fr,,. t S':tre,,+
T PONS--Dry Goois lanl Glro¢ccies, Wa~sh
*ington street,
1] LACOSTE-Druggistantd Apothecar'y,Front
FT. ALLER--Buck's Brilliant Stoves and
1.Tinware, Washingtou Street.
TTAUZ[,N--Billiard Room iandt Bar, Front
T* Street. -
rggg(2ftgAN-Wlholesale ,tnl Retail Mar
.*..ehant--.eneral assor'tment for the trade
lfront street.
W R JtfACK.-.Attorney at Law, °-d street,
* *v •corner Trndau.
WM. DOST--Boot and Shoe Maker, St. Denis
8tree .
Professional Cards.
7. .. CU..i A'INGI I*l1,
ATTORNEY AT LA 11:
44 Carondet Street, NEw ORL.ANS, LA.
IILL attend the June and December terms
e ot the Districts courts at his old home
Nathitoches, La.
Win. S. JacL,
(Successor to JACK & PIeRsoN)
Afforaey and Counselor at Lawe
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
WILLpractice in the Courts of Natchitoches.
Sabine, DeSoto, Red River, Winn, Rapides,
andGrant, and in the Supreme Court of the
State. Claims promptly attended to.
April 28 18".
T"Wn M. TIaevy,
ATTORNEY AT LA IW.
(Has Resumed the Practice of his Profession.)
WILL practice ii' the Parish and District
Courts of Natchitoches and Red River
Supreme Court of Louisiana. United States Dis.
trict and Circuit Court of Louisiana and U. S.
coart of Claims at Washington.
W Office in the Lacoste Building tUp
Stairs.) .M3
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
May 26, 1S""
JOI/. lB. lIOlERTSOXr,
(Late of New~ Otleans,)
ATTORNEY & COUNSELOR AT LAW
('OC;SI IA'I' 1'A
Wil11'1tirec inl ('ous51a11 a, S\atcrhiio- b`
rites, MI i~ti irlti, Mail;utii ~l in ( eery Dart t
of NbI'th.vt'st I.,tijsiaiiia. Nlpriilatt ri
twou given' to Landii rases anid 5rssioviMini. ri
C. CilºriIN. C'. F. 1)lIAýNI kr. '. 1'. (iI.U 11;IPi
a
(iIAPLiN, )IIRANGCE'E & ('IIAPLIN, c
Attuiaemys at Lawt".
N AT('IIIT(JC IIla, L A.. ]
l R)C'I'I('E in tie I)it et Courts iot
Slatc"lilic~ll·?l, `alinel, Drc·Sto andl
StIl Riviir au'tl iii till SuI1Iu~iiiut Ct'iiiitof a
the State March 2- y.
J II. (UNN I(AM.
Stto1eft & ( Ouu o Selo a 't %W,
St. Deniis Street,
I ' ti ir in ln e (i i t i :t uriie aat ui e
t1l ('(,lllrrs in the( I';llrislic. of N; trlt'Jiti ' Jlc s.
Retl - oo an! S0 ine Wil 114'011
1 )rtcauies. *ai57
lI
D.i.i"L. C. SiC.II 1ff G
X'1iI'" IIrREV UN FCT4 .
ILL1,1 practtice ill liii I ist rict: ;tid
SOite with IW\. It. *Jick E1sq., S cedil
1)lS. P'OWELL & I;ALLION,
___HAE ASSO)(IAT'ED 'FIIEMJSEINVES IN
''IIIE PR~AC1'CE 01' MtEDICWINE'
ANDI SURG(ERY.
i- OIO'I'ICl, ON
S- it. I)cuii Street, l, Natcituochies, La.
St. M. A. Dt
,7, Physician and Surgeon
itonjigourreUy, Lai.
Business Cards.
C.A. . BtCLLAID-) N. I.L CAAMIl'ELL
Bullard & Camp)bell,
GRIOCERIES,
|IARI)WARE,
AndI General Merchandise.
(tornerrl " l ONT &. L e. Yrrrr.: Street,
.\Sfaehif ohlem, Let.
;Peter Veuleoman,
-)DEALER IN
FAMJIIL Y Gi10 CEllIES
S, full asortnI'tlu t io W. l,l,-P r uit con
Sstantly on hand. 1
Snr.,ln l ildnleri'nlIts to C.sl i (C'llstolli M.I.
WASHINGT('ON STIREE'T,
SNatcIhitochlls, La.
March 25-1y.
-------------------------------
.J, C. Trichel,
m14 -DEALER IN
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD
WARE, BOOTS and SIIOES, HIATS,
ETC.
Hligliest cash price paid for Cotton and
tOt Count'ry Produce.
-- WASINGTON, ST.,
le, NATCHIITOCIIES, LA
1.. E. B3URIKE,
l-dealer in
ash- GROCERIES
ront F Ta N1 SlTIiET, Na'llchitoc'8, La.
( . . W1, . 1 ,M ,E Y . . a , M V .t t. W L .E Y
C. L. WALMSLEY & CO,
for COTTON FACTORS
1(--AND
.eDt, GENERAL COMMISSION MERCHANTS.
Perdido St., New Orleans, La.
enia arch t25--1y.
Oscar Chopin;
COTTON FACTOR
.IPI, -AND-
COMMISSION MERCHANT,
L. No. 65 CARONDELET ST.,
1ome July I -1V New Orleans.
M. S. CURTES
PRACTICAL MACHINIST
-AND
ENGINEER,
ARCHITECT, CARPENTER & JOINER
ALL kinds of Machine work, Engi
A neering, Carlentering and Joiner
work done with dispatch, and in tirst
class manner.
Estimates and plans for buildings
promptly futrnished. Parties desiring
work within the scope of my trades will
call on tle at any time for ternms; which
will be liberal, both as to price and time.
Shop on WASHINGTON STREET.
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
Jau.t12l-y.
I the moat g.nial balsam. c b n I t
euTerecs from afo 14ro" t + , '+ I'' i i
It in ropoi of h ... .
have a ,,ecitie t I!.'ct onl it. t I rot.t t It
lungs: eI,.ta hela iolit Iii air rev us al, -
ritatilg InattI.r; a1,iS' it to Io csla,'t - (t
rated, a;nd atonrT chek. the in:iiriun:t tf .
which produces the cough. A eiile do, ot
relieves the most dislre isi'tiiC ie I' th Ill',
-oothes nerv Onst ' inld 111l IIi]4l t .1' Ut l -
frer to enjoy ijilet rest at night. bis: :a
pleasant cordial, it toneia the i ,'a s.to;,
eh. alnd is spcian lly rcouaiueJd(t u. i
clhldren.
What others say cabou of
Tutt's Expectorant. tIh
Had Asthma Thirty Years, <<
I BALTIMORI3e, Feb nrY3, IS 0.
S"I have had Asthma thirty years, atd n ver e d Iround
t s medicine that had such a hap , afleet."
lk F. HOGAN, Chalse St.
A Child's Idea of Merit,
NEW ONLEA:X, NVvm'htr I t l, i;6.
ITuttsT pect ratce l is a familixr ntme in my hopT'. t
My wife thinks it the best mediince in the for ul,
and the children e:'v it is 'i ii r It in m -.ts . ti,
t candy.1"'NOAH WOODWARD, 101 N. Poydrl, St.
"Six, and all Croupv.
"I am the mother of six chi drIn ; a mll f t "'..t.
been croupy. W ithout Tuft's i.E wtl trAT t, I (l.t8
think they could have survived solte ou tho attar i...
It is a mouther's bl,'- lbg." i
MARY STEVENS, Frankfort, K;.
II A Doctor's Advice,. ,
" In my practice, I adlvise all fanimhes to ke Ti'.'0j
I' Expectorant, in sutdde etcrgeltcies, for cough ,
w croup, diphtheria, etc."
T. P. ELLIS, M.D., Newark, N. J.
Bold by all dritg lbsa. Price $. fi. o0; -
3th Mturray S.reet, NeFu' R ork. I.
e H. Bealed - um• S- , -s'o.
ill t
Tl "THE TREE IS n NN BeY llITS FRUIT."
' Tutt' Pi11h are tworth their , fi, 't ' .
REV. I. R._SIMPSON, Louisville, Iy
Tutt' Pills eiablrcir of the nine
tecnthceritury.'REV F. R. OSGOOD, New York.
'1 have used Tftt' il or torpor of te liver.
They are suteris r to any medictit olr bitiary uis.
of ordebs evdiorder m as Tutts Pid."
. PJOS. CAR, AttRichmond Law, Auguta, inia.
"I have U:sed Tittt's P i srve years in my family;
BodThey are u led orstiv. 5 renets a hli. Oe "".
r . . WILSONtr Georget own, Teork .
"TI have i nsel Tut'S MedicinieWith great he f t.''
r W. W. MANN Editor Mobile Register.
"We sell fifty boxes utt's Pills to five of all
others."-SAYRE & CO. Cartersvillo, Ga.
"Tutt's Pills have oufy to be triee to establish
their merits. They work like machelors ma."
W. H. BARRON, 96 Summer St., Boston.
)U i4There is no medicine so well adapted to the cure
of bilious diorders : Te. ut's Pill'."
JOS. BRUMMEL, Richmond, Virginia.
AND A TifJD MORE.
Aold b Yorkug . Sold b s all or. office
I ura Seet, New York.
TUTT'S HAIR DYE
HIGH TESTIMONY.
FRO.I TILE PCit .llRC IL.
"A GREAT INVENTIOQN
has been miade I 1)a Ir ir. i York,
That einlnent iehemtigtt haý sti nr,eC let In
it. U produlcing a IHlair LDce wht eli Imitates
id nature to perfectiOn. OId baihelors mtay
4 U now rejtiice..
Alto Yo'k. Solt by all druggiists.
JOIN M. TUCKER, Not
MIi[i:-lrate Ward 1. : whi
St. Denis Street, : : Natchiloches, La. Ire
call
)ROMP' attention given to all business g
Ietrusted to his care. Lic
-- Claims collected at small cost. the
lhRefers to the Bar Generally.
Jan ,'78-1l ycs
.A. EL LO e o jeus
tra
NOTARY PUBLIC.
(O(lice under Vindicator Office,) S
ST. DIENIS STREET, Ge
NATCHIITOCIIES, LA. Br
April 29.- p1
fri
II. NOOHES, Ih
He
JEWELER, iJEWELER, in
- AN- --ANI-
ti
PFT1CIAN. OPTICIAN. r
All kinds of repairing done at the short- of
a est notice, and in the most artistic nuiu- pu
ner, with full satisfaction guaranteed. zt
Clocks, Watches and Jewelry for Sale at t
the Lowest Rates. a
A FULL &B COMPLETE STOCK. -
Oflice and Shop on St. Denis St., corner Second. G
Dec. 2-ly.
JAMES C. MOISE,
Portrait Painter, Natchitoches La. (
CABINET SIZE:AND PRICES EXCLU- I
SIVE OF FRAMES, OVAL OR I
SQUARE.
8x10 $15,00. 10x12 $16,00. 12x14 17,50
14x16 $20,00. 16lx18 $25,00.
Slx20 $30,00. 18x24 35,00.
SLIFE SIZE, HEAD AND BUST, OVAL
OR SQUARE.
20x2.1 $40,00. 22x27 54 5x30 $550,00
KIT-KAT, SQUARE.
29x36 &' 30x36 $50,00, each.
Portraits of deceased persons lpinted
from photographs.
Dec 15-tif
9) ---------- -----
ER O. Shaftrath,
ngi- Boot and Shoe Maker.
SIner ALLENGES the world for neatness
st- and durability of work. Satisfacti "n
in fit and material guaranteed _
hngs lSho ,, St. Denis St.
ring
will
bleb ----
le. 3everly Tuooler,
General Collector
I 7 All Accounut promptly collected.
A Political Duel. I 00111, il
N. ). 1, cal lrat. a d rem
'Thlis is the vetsion of a duel which stnek I
ocolllted iu this City more than thirty - c se,
cs ago, in vlhich General Lewis downi
acted IlIhe part forced upon himn, oft was tak
frieofu l t of o (s thlt, Coimibtants. ln ws se")
this capacity the duty devolved upon wounds
teui. Lewis of loadin g the weapon friends)
of his prin(ipal. By this load ia lIave then to
nman, a flather and kusbanid, was kill- such al
ed. Twenty years afterwards, du- ;uFra E
1in our late wia, the' eye of the mhcetiiic
General, whlen marching at the head were C
of his coniutand through at village in Hagan,
one of the Red liver parishes, was gaged i
attracted by a sign over a small store and sat
which was painted with the letters wound
"Mrs. IlIeston, milliner and mantua acter tl
maker." Halting in front of the surgeol
store, he inquiiretd of soime citizens going
who stood ive:r': "'i the lady who Huest:
keeps this store thti' widow of a gen- charac
tlieman who was an editor in Baton this all
Rouge and was killed thirty years taking
ago ' "Thile saLte," was the response. cordil
*"My God," exclaimed the warm- made.
hearted vetcian to a brother otlicer Gen. J
who rode by his" side, "I loaded the The w
gun which killed Ihim." The terrible barrel
scene was brought to his recollection ed wit
*with a distinctness and remorseful came
sorrow whlich unmanned the stern day.
old soldieur. The teals gushed fromn attrac
his eyes, his utterance was choked (tuenl
withi grief, and one of his aids had to ruinot
. seise ihi b the arm to prevent his partie
falling from his horse. As soon as he remot
could recover from the shock of this elude
revelation and reminder of the uost two It
painfal incident in his long life, the ed.
General directed one of his aids to with
inquire into the circumstances of tite was r
widtow, alndi to tender anyv aid or pro distal
tection in his power to alleviate the "Fir
sol'rrow and destitution in which she The
if had been left by the unhappyllY bereave- rels
nint in which hlie felt he had bornle 'five
Ssi prominent a part. Fortunately, shot
however, the widow was in far better Lewi
. circumstances of worldly comfort and
than tlhe poor Coufedrate chieftain. word
As thie General rode out of the vil- Both
Ilage withi his staif, he related the ed.
facts. It was in 18-13 that a very Mr.
o violent political campaign occurred face
, in this State between the Whig and His
D I)emocratic parties. The contest was blacl
at for Representatives in Congress. a wit
sh Each party had brought forward its mani
strongest candidates. The journals and
i of the two parties were especially a me
vigotrous and agglessive in their as- be I
"' saults upon tie nominees of the ad- At
verse party. Personality and viru- char
q lent criticism were never before car- One
ried to such a pitch in this State. pics
Thie Tropic, a daily newspaper, anot
conducted with graat vigor and sa- Hue
agery by Col. McArdle, infused a was
fiercely belligerent tone into tile par- spec
ty and its press throughout the State. the
Many personal conflicls and affairs and
of honor resulted from this bellicose T
spirit. Theseiquarrels of individuals prol
were adopted by their parties, and the
the fights assumed the character of cilp
faction fights instead of personal af. met
fairs of honor. One of tile most un- his
happy and tragic ot these combats req
was that which resulted in the death A
of Hiueston, tile editor of the Baton wit
SRouge Gazette. liueston was of twc
Northern birth, and had recently as- by
u samed editorial charge of the paper, fire
which had previously maintained the I
L a, reputation of a prudent, sedate and the
cautious Whig journal. Ilueston iem
.es. gave an entirely new character to tihe 11
Gtazette. The 'Tropic had inocculated nt
thie GaTzetle with its partisan virus, otl
and its editorials bristled with sar- pri
casuls and otfensive personalities. aft
One of tie most offensive and un- be
justiliable of tLhese, whlichl led to tihe
tiagic scenet we 'have to relate, was set
. contained in a review of thie congres- fli
sional candidates. Thile Denocrotic wvt
cand idates in the Fourtlh and the lhr
eeSecond Congressional D)istricts were lo
Gen. Bossier and thie Ilon. Alcee La
Branche. -Botlh gentlemen were thi
Ihighly honored and admired by their an
party and large circles of personal sit
friends. They were Creoles. Mr. La tlh
Branche Ihad been Speaker of our ba
iHouseo of Representatives; was the pa
first Charge d'Afthires to Texas, and pr
I LER, in all his relations was greatly es- to
teemled as a gentleman of great pro
Spriety anid diguity of behavior. So or
far from being a duelist, as has been to
represented in tile sketch to which we tl
CIAN. referred at the beginning of this no- t
tice, hie was one of the very few of
s sort- our prominent public men who had su
num- never been Involved in one of those n'
ad. affairs. Gen. Hossier, on the other St
al at hand, the Democratic candidate in t1
the Fourth D)istrict, had had several a'
affairs of that character in one of tl
3CK. which, a sword combat, lhe slew Gen. e
S co nd. Gaiennie, tile great Whig leader of a
his district.* Now, the Baton Rouge o
SGazette, referring to these character- a
istics of tile two )eoiocraetic caudi- In
S dates, was unguarded and unscrupu
lons enough to taunt the Democrats I
L L of the Second District with a prefer- r
once for a man destitute of spirit and t
CLU- hanhood, and those of the Fourth a
)R District with a selection of a candi- 1
date who had, by his superior physi
cal power, killed his antagonist. 4
4 17,50 Nothing could have been written I
which was more unprovoked and
OAL unjustifiable, and to make the insult
more galling, as it affected Mr. La
Branche, alnlusion was muade to the
0 50,00 only personal affray in whllichl he had
ever been engaged, and whllen he act
ed on the defensive, and fortunately
t ned without fatal or serious results. This
affair had occurred many years before
and had been adjusted and forgotten
by almost everybody. Its reproduc
Stion in a political contest, and by a
Snewspaper not published in thie dis
trict it which Mr. L:a Branche was a
candidate, was justly regarded by
natne nss Mr. LaB.'s friends as an insult of the
inffcti'n grossest character to himself, his par
ty and his friends. Shortly after the
t. appearance of this article Hueston
visited New Orleans, where hie was
teceived by the fighting men of his
L er, party as a "lion." Hlis at rival was
announced in one of tie papers withl
.a forish. Thlereupon Mlr. LaBranche
ccd sought him in tile St. Charles billiard
0011, antld, demlioanlg sme repIara. ' uted to
til, fr the glnss) iusult offered him t eman,
and reeivinlg a deliant response, he and unit
stiinck -uesston ilth a cane or billiard iuity art
cue several blows, knocking him body of
down and disabling him. llueston tfing i
was taken to his roomns. A surgeon tnurultn
was sent for, \ho attended to his Mr. Alc,
wounds. Next ft iends (political maindet
'riends) were called in, and f'loi tion, rei
them two of the most exwerienced in neighbo
such alftirs were selected to make the re-i
arrangelments for the earliest possible who liv
meeting at the Oaks. These friends reproclt
were Col. W. Ii. McArdle and Richard Gente
HIagan, both of whom had been en ist'' anl
gaged in several alttairs of a serious in a awu
and sanguinary character. Hlueston's
wounds were of a more serious char
acter than was at first imagined. His
surgeon remonstratced against hisN [1
going out for several days. Blut ,No 1
I-ieston, with an obstinacy which To a
characterized his whole conduct in act No.
this antir, insisted upon the meeting Secti
taking place within three days. Ac- ate ant
cordingly the arrangements were theSt
made. Mr. Laltranche's friends were sembº13y
r Gen. John L. Lewis and Jos. Genois. act No
SThe weapons se weapons selected were double- be amn
e barreled shotguns, both barrels load- follow,
U ed with ball. l'atnpt1ly the parties of ecd
1I came to time at the Oaks at break of to atte
n day. A crowd of spectators had beenthe tici
n attracted to the scene. In conse- the I)i
d quence of this interruption and the to iuft
u rumored approach of the police, the te e
s parties changed the ground to a more i t
e remote locality. They could not in the
is elude the intruders, of whom nearly seven
t two hundred reached the spot select- The it
e ed. The seconds proceeded rapidly be en
:o with their arrangements. The ground from I
te was measured. Forty yards was the and fi
distance agreed on. The words were : ctual
e "Fire-one, two, three, four, live." the f,
re The combatants must fire both bar- mile I
. grels between the words "fire" and ing tu
io "fie." The weapons were ordinary Proti
y, shot-guns loaded with ball. Gen. shall
er Lewis loaded Mr. Lalranchie's gun once
rt and Col. liagan Mr. Ilueston's. The court
word was given by Col. McArdle. clerk:
i.- Both parties were cool and determin- the d
he ed. It was observable, however, that the cl
ry Mr. Ilueston still bore marks on his to hii
ed face of his recent severe beating. tile a
nd His face was swollen and his eyes ted.
as blackened. He wore spectacles and
ss. a white hat. But never did a nman Tt
its manifest a more determined aspect after
ais and a greater insensibility to danger, parts
ly a more desperate resolve to kill or be a+
is. be killed.
d- At the first fire both parties dis-. Spe
ru- charged their pieces nearly together.
ar- One of the balls from Mr. LaBranche's
te. piece passed througlh Hueston's hat, Lieu
er, another through his coat. Those of
iv- Hueston flew wide of the mark. It Al
Ia was obvious to the seconds and the (Sig
ar- spectators that Mr. LaBranche had
ite. the advantage of greater quickness
airs and skill in handling his weapon.
ose The seconds of Mr. LaBranclhe ap
als proached those of Mr. Ilueston with
nd the usual inquiry, whether their prin- No.
r of cipal was satislied. These gentle- to
af- meln consulted Hueston. lie shook to
un- his head with great positiveness, and Pd
tats requested them to load up. di
ath A second exchange was then had,
ttol with similar results to the first. Tie ale
of two balls of LaBranche whizzed close the
as- by the head of llueston, who again tse
fired wild.
the There was another interview of and
and the seconds and a repetition of the foul
iton emphatic shake of the head by Mr. Jul
the lHueston, His seconds remnonstated S
ited and apologized to the seconds of thIe Te
rus, other side for the persistency of their te
r principal, Col. Hagan remarUking that
ies. after thie next fire tlhe distance should Spt
n- be shortened or the parties retired.
the The spectators manifested the same
was sentiment by crying out that the af- Li
:res- fair-should end there. But ltueston
oticwas immni ovable, and wvith cool jocu
the larity requested that the guns be re- (Si
aerc loaded. His obstinnacy prevailed.
SLa There was a third exchange. As
we -e the smoke cleared away thire combat
their ants were observed in tihe same po
oonal sition, apparently' unhurt. One of
r. L the balls from LaBranclhe's gun had No
our barely missed time skull of lieston, R
the passing through his hair and slightly
,nd puncturing tlhe skin, causing blood
y e- to flow.
p ro At tohe third interview of the sec
So onds it was suggestedl that, Mr. iHues
been ton being wounded the combat should Ce
h we there end. This suggestion appeared C
s no- to inflame the obduracy of Hueston. 9
oof "Feel my pulse," ie asked of the
 ad  surgeon, "and say whether it does
trose not beat steady and regular." Tihe
other surgeon felt hig pulse and declared b
t t in that there was no irregularity, but
eral added that the affalir ought to end 3
r of there. So thought and declared jl
Gen. everybody else but Ilueston. He t
der of was inflexible in his resolution to kill b
oouge or be killed. With manifest sorrow
acter - and indignation arrangements were
audi- made for thire fourth exchange of shots.
rupu. At thre word thre parties fired, as
ocrats before. Each discharged both bar- i
refer- rels. At the discharge of LaBranchle's
it and ftirst barrel; this being his seventh '
,ourtb shot, Huestoo reeled and fell. He
candi- had discharged both barrels of his
p yssi - gun. LaBranche's second barrel was
3ouist, discharged, being the eighth shot, be
ritte n fore lre could perceive the effect of
i and the last. His friends anrd surgeon
,i ult advanced to Hueston, who was prone
rr. La on tIre ground, Ihfted him in a car
to t ire riage, and bore him to the city. An
e had exanrination discovered that he had
be act- been shot through the lungs, and had
iuately but a few moments to live. He was
This taken to the Maison de Saute, where,
before after the most intense agony, during
rgotte n which he begged ontre of his friends,
produc- as the last tiundness hlie could render
d by a himn, to fire a ball through his head
thedis- and enDl his tortue, he died.
e was a The next day a sorrowful cortege,
ded by composed of the political and per
It of the sonal friends of Hueston, conducted
his p ar- his body to the steamboat, and the
dter the day after delivered it to his family at
tueston Baton Rouge. No words can fitly
h Ie was describe the scene which the arrival
Sof his of the corpse produced in the little
val was family circle of which lueston was
era with the centre and the head. Let not,
,Branchre however, thre culpability for this
a illiard tragic and melancholy result be im
1iuteil to a gallant and lhoiil ISl'lt" gen
tlelan, whose virtues andl high traits
and ttiniltorcn courtesy atid Iiualii- E'opeal
tlit.y iare cherished by Iltlllnet"rotls
body of relations aind t'ields. Re- Stra
tiling shortly afterwards tr'ln the le tl
tumuoltuous scenes of political life, helan
Mr. Alceeo Lalhianche passedl the re- A synol
nainder of Ii is days on his plalta- pulilishei
tion, respecte ld alld beloved Iy hi tollows:
neighbors, and hleavin g behind him i l
the reputation of a clcole geuitleman llren t ad
who lived and dlied san pear I sons ial cessi
rcqnocle. ing the t
*General lo.sil'r iwas not a "noted duel- hundred
ist" Landll did not slay General (aienliie s still
in a sword conmat.-[ En. VINDICAtRII. llgaria
--'he ire
STATE LAWS. 'rurkey
[Froni the Otlicial Journal'] pam Iet.
No 46] AN ACT eludes
, To amend and re-enact section 8 of dlluteul
! act No. 44 of regular session of 1877. goritza
Section 1. Be it enacted by the Sen- tresses t
ate and Ionuse of Representatives of to lie wi
e the State of Louisiana, inl General As- Milita
seimbly convened, 'Tlhat sectiol 8 of ittomliL
act No. 44 of regular session of 1877 sai i
. be amlelnded and re-enacted to;read as ii tht
. follows: ''That it shall he the duty lussi
,s of each ipersonl drawn and slllunoneild Ay p,
f to attend aIs a juior punctually and for have i
11 the time for vwhicih lie is so drawn; and dispose
. the )istrict Judge shall have the right fr the
1e to enforce said aitendsltlalie ainy a tilon o n,
at the delinquent jior iof not nIiol thlian ~Ar
re one hundred dollars or impirisonllment guvs'
ot in the parislh jail for not more than lemnit
ly seven days, or both, in his discretion. rection
tThe jull'Ors who attend and serve shall Navi
be entitled to deliand and receive free fl
id from the Parish Treasury one dollar war.
ie and fifty cents per dieml for' each day's Colt
actual attendance upon the court, and dletly'i
.*' the further sum of live cents for every rlrt
m- ile he shall necessarily travel in go- Th
it ing to said court and returnilng hose; to be c
.13 provided, that the mileage in no case The
.n shall be allowed a juror for more than tablisn
an once going to lanid returning from the Ruse
lie court during the term, and the several change
le. clerks of the district courts shall, on The
n the demand of each of such jurors at d.
,at the close of his term of service, issue It is
his to him a certificate of attendance for land t
g. the amount to which he may be enti- Egyt
es tiled. It is
,id Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, etc., the 'i
an That this act shall take effect on and Russia
ect after its passage, and all laws and as the
r, parts of laws in conflict withlthe same Marmt
, hbe and are hereby repealed. Ad
(Signed) LOUIS BUSH, that I
is- Speaker of the House of Represen- the
r tatives.
te's (Signed) LOUIS A. WITZ, Ad
at Lieutenant Governor and President of is re,
of the Senate. been
It Approved March 1, 1878. The
the (Signed) FRANCIS;T. NICHOLLS, firer
had Governor of the State of Louisiana. Paps
ess A true copy.
WILL A. STRONG,
all- Secretary of State.
ith- Tb
tin- No. 49] AN ACT says
tIe- To change the time of holdling the Pont
ook terms of the District Court in the Sine
ad Parish of Salhine, in Seventeeth Ju- dti'a
dicial District. tion
had Section 1. Be it enacted by the Sen- T,
The ate and House of Representatives of priec
lose the State of Louisiana, in General As- ss (
n seiubly convened, That the ternis of guar
the District Court shall convelle in and
Sf and for the Parish of Sabine on the the
Sthe fourth (4th) Mondays of Januiary and IPo
Mr July of each year. dieo
ted Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, etc., disc
fthe That this act take effect firol and af- hor
heir ter its passage. core
that (Signed) LOUIS BUSIH, the.
ould Speaker of the loluse ol Represeno- piat
tatives. eloq
S (Signed) LOUIS A. WILTZ, The
f- Lieutenant Governor and President of cd
ston the Senate.
jo Approved March 2, 157. che
e (Signed) FRANCIS 'T. NICHOLLS, irr
Governor of the State of Louisiana. whi
As A true copy: tIle
WitI, A. STIuoixoP,
Secretary of State
e f - -
liad No. 55] AN ACT
Relative to the mode of opening and
gtlo imaking public roads in the parishes an
blood of Vernon and Calcasieu. ser
Section 1. He it enacted by the Sen (x1
,ae- ate and House ot Repiesentatives in
hues- General Assembly convened, That as
hould regards the parishles of Veroon and on
eared Calcasienu, all roads to be hereaftern
eston. pened and made, shall be laid out by on
of te a jury of tax payers, consisting of not CO
ldoess than six luinhabitanlts of either of th
T said parishes when the said road is to w
I aed be made; that said jury shalll be ap
, but pointed for that purpose by,thle police a
to end jury, and it shall be tihe duty of said be
lared jury of tax payers to trace anud lay out or
He such road to the greatest advantage of t
Skill the inhabitants, and as little as may t
row be to the prejudice of inclosures, and
r assess such damages as any person
shots. may anstain.
red as Sec. 2. lhat all laws or parts of Ct
ebr- laws contrary to the provisions of this
nle's act, be and they are hercby repealed c
evet to the extent ithe same do contflict.
8 en Sec. 3. That this act shall take ef
f is fect from and after the date of its pas
l s age (signed) LOUIS BUSHI,
Speaker of tihe House of Represen-(
tatives.
urgeon (Signed) LOUIS A. WILTZ,
re Lieutenant Governor and Presideult of I
SA the Senate. I
le Approved March 6, 1878.
dhad (Signed) FRANCIS'L'. NICHOLLS,
He was Goveroor of tihe State of Louisiana.
where A true copy:
r WILl A. STRONG,
ri Secretary of State.
I rrender --
is head Women are not born politicians, and
they canpack a trunk better than they
oortege, could a convention.
nducted The European powers are to hold a con
sud the ference at Viennua, Austria, to talk over
amily at the Russo-Turkish war. The Czar says
as fitly he don't see "'Vi-enla Russian shonld g~o
arrival dere."
e littlel
to was "Knotted damasses are seen among the
Let not, new goods."--Fashion item. Thht prob
for this ably refers to those clerks who part their
t be im- hair in the middle.
NEWS NOTES.
European...The Treaty of Peace* . -The
Indemnity.
The Straits Declared Free for M1er
chant Vessels in Peace or War.
A synopsis ot the treaty of peace is
lpllishc d. 'l'he on(ly new tpoillnt ar't "Is
Stollows :
Tl'h indeniity is tixed at flltiel'l hIe -
dred and ten million roublesl., ibut c. \.en
hundred tlmillions are coverted yV trito
iial cessions. Nothing is tixed cot, ( rn
ing the terls and patyment of tihe 1 tlhee
hlundred and ten millions. No gi:UaItll
is stillul:tedl.
Nor is there nmention of Egyptiali or
uilgarian tributes to the Turkish .ifeet.
lThe treaty snilply states that hlussi.a :anid
Turkey shall agree subsequently about
paynmenit.
Pirot remains Bulgariai; Scer'ia in
liudes Silunitza, Novi lBazar and VIVrulli
.Molitenlgro inicludes Anti ori, Snimi. I',l
goritza and Niesics. All liulgariau ir
tresses to be razed and the Turklisih llroop
I to lie withdrawn.
l Military roads will bIe estahlisdl tld
( Ittotan posts, andil telegraph and p:s
7 sage of troops, which, howtvel, miirlt linI
make lally considertale halt w lhih le
illg tlltlloigl lh the counltry
A l llssilb aliIls iliy return 1 Itlilgtrit. -
1 Anly loperty oft the Missihillniii' \\ lii
I' have iol retirinedl, which they hlt\e l n
d disposed of, will he sold after t \\ y'ei I,
It for the bnelit of the widowsand ,r
,u plans, funlld.
a Arrears tit' taxes ill Bohisnia and Itr.
it gvoniia, are, to ibe remiitted. Th, r,,
1ues, until l8 Il, is to be applied to ini
tI denluity for the sullclrers by the inull
IL rectiou and providle lfor local needs.
II Navigation of the straits is ihe arild
e free for merchllant vessels durilg pea':LtC or
ir war.
s Commissioiners are to be applointed to
d determine all dtisllUted claimsi in lii int,
ry Ilerzegoviita and the other iltselrcti'l In
iry priucipalitics.
i The evacution of Elurol"ilal 'I'nrli is
e; to be completed within tlhre umiiottihs.
se 'The Porte hears all exlpei,s oft re-i
it! tablishing navigation on the I)allle.
le Russia receives the Dorbrnudseha, to ix
'al change it for Bessarabia.
on The treaty to be ratified within fifteien
at days. No mention is made of a congress.
ite It is confidentially predicted that Eng
t ,r land will establish a protectorate o\·er
ti. Egypt.
It. is reported from Constanltinople t hat
c., the 'urkish government will permit till
ud Russians to stop at San Steflano as long
,nd as the English fleet remains in the Sea of
me Marmora.
A dispatch from Constantinople states
that by the terms of peace the nmothts of
Bn. the Danubes are to remain:under the con
trol ot a neutral conmmission.
A dispatch from Constantinople says it,
tof is reported that the indemnity has not,
been reduced.
The Grand Duke Nicholas, with 2t5) of
, ficers, wilt enter the city.
na. Papal Officers Appointed...The Pope's
Recommendations to the
Parish Priests.
The Rome correspondent of the 'l'illes
says Cardinal Franchi has been conlirllnct
the Pontificial Secretary of State, Card;n:il
the Simeoni Prefect of the Propagande, (Jar
Ju. dinal Morichini Camerlango, and Cardi
nal Bartolini President of the Congrega
n tion of Rites.
e- The Pope on receiving fifty-four parish
priests. recommnlended them to preach Je
As" sus Christ, his life and teachings, and to
a of guard their flocks against the infidelity
a in and imnorality so generally prevailing
the the result of a corruptive press. 'I'Th.
and Pope in all his exhortations avoids nient
tion of the virgin, with the purpose of
discountenancilg mariolatry, which his
predeeessor so long encolu'aged. It hlats
Sf shocked most people that the Pope in his
coronation speech made no allusion to
the.late Pine IX, although Cardinal I)ic
sen- piatro, in addressing the Pontiff, has ,,eenI
eloquent in praise of the deceased i'ol,'.
The omission could not, tlieretllre, bie ac
tof idental, and has been variously coll
mented upon.
The Rome correspondent of thie ManIli
chester Gualrdian says: Public olinion iits
' irritated at the irreconcilable attitudle,
aia. which appears to have been adopted atl
the Vatican.
We Have Somllle Also.
[Opelousas Courior.]
We find the following paragraph in
ised an exchange. It, or rather the last
sentence thereof, expresses our views
Sen exactly:
Sin There are some people in this world
who think that the honor they confer
and on a country newspaper by reading i,
after and allowing their names to remalii
ut b on its subscription list is sufticien!t
f not compensation the proprietors. Per
Sof hays they are correct. We colnfess
Sis to that we sometimes feel highly elated
Swhen we look at the galaxy of nIon
olie payuing subscribers that appear on our
said books, aud were some of these nanmes
ordered off we believe our grief wouldl
age of be inconsolable. It therefore dis
m tresses us profoundly to be compellehd
, to say that it is impossible for us lon
ersonger to support a free list, and we
hope those of our readers who do not
rts of consider the paper worth the price of
of this subscription or who do not feel dispo
pealed sed to pay the same will order their
ict. copy discontinued.
ke ef
its ps- The Storm. It Comes.
[Morehouse Clarion.]
, That the Legislature is a complete,
fresen- failure, no one can doubt. It lhas
been in session now for nearly two
PZ, months spending the people's mloney
dett of and, so far as we know, not a single
law has been promulgated which cal
culates any good or relief worth talk
LLS, iug about. This body has developed
uisiana. itself, and beyond that we know of
nothing it has done which will woi k
good to the State. But this is sonic
thling. The people will take cogni
zance, and we speak in most positive
sns, and terms when we say that they will, if
an they possible, place upon the heads of
those who have been recreant a crown
of shame and reproach. Nor will they
be made perpetual tools of reckless
talk aver men or silently submit to trifles. The
ar s past is yet too fresh in their minds,
should go and while there is power their rights,
demands and liberties must be grant
Sed. The infernal constitution of 18(;6
must be wiped from existence, aid
h ro the many ignominious laws passed b>
part their the Warmoth and Kellogg Legisla
tures slhould be abrogated.