JAn. II. COnGROVE, **Editor.
NATCHITOCIHE
PATURIDAY - - - - Dec. 5, 1874.
Adveretisiing lates.
aqualsEs, 3 g 8 g
0 o* p p $
I dqare.... " 4 di $6 50 e,0 O $1:, 00 f21 00
' 1 q:qure... 7 0( 10 01 15 Of.3 00 25 n t
3 uxe""... 1009 13 00 I 00 25 80L 31) Oi
4 snqucarea... 1400 I )0 2 00 :10 00 35 00
5 Rgitar,.... 1700 2) 06 27 00 35 Oil 40 00
a sqnaron... 2)00 24 00 :1it 0 40 00 45 00
7 aHgqnare.... 2190 27 (lI) 3; O) O 00 70 O
8 aqii'arP ... 2r, 00 30 0 4f 011 65 000 AO 0
1] a .quar*.... 310 33 00 59 f0i 57 (115 0It
15 sgqttre,.. 4510 ) 60 00 t001)1! 125 0 0
20 squaron... 4311) 41) no no 0O ei 0015) 00
T'ra':nIiPnt advertinanmntla l .5U ) per ,Ialnre of
10 lins frevier. tHirt insertion. EsACi anhar.
qcnt inserticu 75 cents per lalnre. .
Ptfl .OR 6 OPPofITC supplied with a
great variety of typo, and work in this dopart
nan lp,'rformed with vrntuess and at moder.
ate prices.
Torme, CAlII on Aeliverr of work.
Rates of aubsription.
On ,opp one ,,,er ....................... .00
One Copy ix Mennth ......................I 50
(PaIsrhle In advtnts.)
Notice to Contributors..
No communications will ho pu~nli.shed
nnless accompanied by the anthor'r real
nnme. But one side of the sheet to he
written upon when sent tq us for tnser
tioi.
Articlea to be shourt and to the point,
so have attention.
These are onr rules and they must be
strictly adhered to.
To Dr. G. E. Gillespie, who con
ducted the Vindtkator during the ar
rest and confinement of Mr. J. H.
Cosgrove, we owe unbounded thanks,
for the able and patriotic manner
with which he wielded his pen in our
behalf. The hour that he took charge
was dark and trying, and not only
does the Vindicator owe him thanks,
but we consider our whole parish un
der everlasting obligations to the
pure- patriot and the true friend, Dr.
George E. Gillespie.
What has "got into" the whiskey
that has been "getting into" the boys
lately. Regular old fighting stuff
and no mistake. We heard it said
that in one drink there were at least
nine fights, seven "cussins" and one
"regular built run."
Weather cool and delightful. Fires
and over-coats are in order. "Pitty
the gorrows of the poor" and send the
Vindicator a cord of.wood, don't all
speak or come at once.
COLFAX PRISONERitS.-We would call
upon our people to assist these un
happy and suffering men in their
present difficulty. R. H. Marr, their
counsel in the U. 8. Supreme Court,
is too'poor to go on to Washington
at his otn expense, and the prisoners
call .upon those who. sympathize in
the cause for which they have suffer
ed, to' come forward with their mite
and assist them to defray Mr. Marr's
expenses to the sittings of the Su
preme Court. The decision of the
question of the constitutionality of
the enforcement act, is a matter in
which we are aill interested, and we
feel ouecitizens will do their duty in
subscribing to the fund, at T. Sehn
mans, Carver & Taylors, Trichell &
Aireys.
We welcome the return, to his home
and business, our friend and fellow
prisoner, It. W. Taylor, of the popu
lar White, JLague firm of Carver &
Taylor. W6 hope his suffering for
the good cause will be appreciated by
our citizens, and that oceans of busi
'neas will be his reward..
Col. L. N. Lane, the last of the
Natchitpches prisoners passed up on
the steaumer Bryarly on Thurday
morning to his home above this place.
He' I in fine health and ready as ever
to do battle for his people.
The charges against the Natchito
ches prisoners have been dismissed,
and the parties discharged. A trial
could' not 1b fdtel, as Beckwith the
Attorney General, stated that he was
satisfied the "charges were unfound
e',"uid thlie arrests malicious." "A
palpable hit" to Messrs Boulit, Pier
son, and the arresters of "persons for
political purpoens'"
Special bttention is directed to the
card of F. IM. Iartran's Private
Boarding1ouse, to be foundin anoth
er column. Mr. Hartnian, we can
recommend as thoroughly acquainted
with this business j ud transient and
peratanent boarders will find it to
their. advantap to patronmse him.
Board can be-had by the single meal,
day,ir eek ot mSoath.
We are;s udde,renewed obligations
tothe steams tslta .ra her polite
offiees for espela favors. We ca
not speak 'tob'hihly -of this packet;
sheis a oromb boat saedher' .bse* s
are well known i? good business pen,
as Captain, obbins uld oiwland, as
Clerks, are ln t*iemielves a whole
eam. If you want speed and em-ar
tort, ldon' fait to ptronize-the FLEa
Folly of the Republicans.
The party of the "great moral ideas,"
has become chmlpletely dazed on its
defeat, and each leader as questioned,
gives out his reason for the great
"reverse," as the most sanguine Re
publican journals proclaim their stun
ning overthrow on the 3dk November.
This blindness even continues in their
stated causes, and a better illustra
tion cannot be had of it, than Came
ron, of Penusylvania, accounting to
the President for the results; in which
he speaks his "little speech" thusly :
"'Why, Mr. President,' 'our manu
facturers are doing little or nothing;
our furnaces are idle; the price of
iron is low ; our factories are ruuning
on leduced time, or not at all; and
the fact is there are more people out
of employment in our State of Penn
sylvania than was ever known beftire.
Tl'hese people,' lie eon,tinuerl, 'blame
the Repulhlican party for this state of
afltTirs, whereas it is the result of hard
times frotm the patniq of a year ago.
Many of them believe, and I believe,
that we ought to have had more cur
rency provided at the last session of
Conlgress to meet the demands of bu
siness interests.'"
This we consider the most ingen
uous of excuses, and puts a complete
stopper to the logician who would
argue from ettlet to cause. "Where
as it is the result of hard times from
the panic of a year ago," is extreme
ly rich, and Cameron deserves to be
immnortalized for seeming to think
that all mene in America were fools
but himself. The President of any
country, who would be satisfied with
such twaddle as this, and that from a
man claiming to be a statesman, must
be a veritable ass indeed.
Will Mr. Cameron be kind enough,
as he is up, to inform us what caused
the panic "of a year ago," was it the
war of 1812, or the capture of Derne;
or rather was it not the unsound ba
sis of American paper currency, man
ipulated by a fourth rate set of finan
ciers in Congress-a want of conf.i
dence of the people in the finances of
the Union; of the improper collec
tion and total disregard to all forms
of political economy in tihe disburse
ments of the Revenues of the coun
try-will le not go further and give
us his candid opinion or reasons for
the failure of the Republican party
to longer enjoy the confidence of the
masses. We can say to Cameron
and the figuring heroes of the de
feated party; look at your record in
all public matters; reconstraction acts,
14th and 15th amendments, enforce
ment acts, over-paid salaries to pub.
lie functionaries, corruption and bribe
taking in the ranks of the Radical
party, from the President down to
the "pettiest" of the petty official.
Jayne and Sanborn swindles, Tom
Murphy's, Boss Sheppard, Louisiana
outrages with its Kellogg, its Casey,
and its negro ruin; these are a par't
of the causes, for tile effect of your
bad government. The partisan acts,
outside of all these, of that party,
piled upon the backs of any set of
men, no matter how popular, no mat
terif they fought for the Union or
not, would break them down and sink I
beyond redemption any political or.
ganization having the temerity to go
before the people, reeking and drunk
with its crime, and acknowledge
complicity in such acts-acts that are
a disgrace to civilization, and a born
iug shame to our country.
Let the Republicans of the North,
come down to facts and real causes, i
not go "besting around the bush ;" a
candid acknowledgement of all their
jfaults will do them more good before
the American people, whom, we are
well satisfied, will never trust thlem
in power again; than all this idle
tdlk of "panics of last year" and the
"war for the Union," and seb stuff.
The sins of the Radical party for
thie past nine years are too volumi.i
oens for expression, and if Cameron., ,
Grant, Morton et sie de aimilibue, will ,
but a moment cease to upbraid each.,
other for being thile cause of the,
defeat of thleir party, they will see
that the American citizens are hearti I
ly sick and tired of this rule of party
for party ends, and that they have,
spoken ib thender tones that this,
government is OP TiLE PEOPLE AND
0olt THE PEOPLE.
For nine long years have our sen-:
ses been assailed by such eties as
"this is a nation," that the "Republic I
ment the "Republican party," and
all people who did not believe in itsl
principles were traitors, to hang when
it were a virtue, We of the South,
have felt the full force and effect of!
the party role and the party batred;
groaning under the yoke of ignorant
and vicious masters, we have seen,
the otter ianeonsistaney of the powersI
that held the reiia- of government;
we have seen thenm applaud Sarrano
of Spain, and len.ud a helpinog hend 6to
the Cuban., al. because they were
fghting 'for liberty-qbecause they l
exercising the inherent right of revo-.
lution, and at the same time we have
seen them pour their army and navy
,Iupon a State because they dared to
attempt to throw off as foul an usuTr
pation as has disgraced history, Po
land and Ireland not excepted. Is
this a party of the people and for the
benefit of the people 'I'he American
citizens 6f the Union, on the 3d of
November last, answered that ques
tionm from Massaclhpetts to Califor
nia, and from Illinois to the Gulf.
We do not wonder that alarm and
consternation should seize upon the
would-be Neroes of the IRepublic, it
was to us a great astonishment, this
overwhelming victory.
We had lost almost all hope in the
virtue of our people and the stability
of Republican institutions; we had
begun to believe that governments
were but the Iplaythings of rulers,
and constitutions the foot-balls of am
bitions men ; that the American com
munity had deconded from the pure,
honest standard of patriotic men, and
had become the children of the cant
ing demagogue, shouting when lie
shouted, and weeping when lie wept.
But this mist has been swept from
the horizon of our political firma
ment, the clouds of darkness that
once o'erspread the sky of our coun
try's glory have been dispelled, and
the sun of American Liberty, of
Freedom to all, now beams over a
happy and prosperous p.eople.
Republicanism and its follies were
but the mist and the clouds, l),mo
cracy, the God that dispelled tihe
gloom.
To our Land Owners,
Now that our State has been re
deemed from the thraldom of :Radi
cal rule and our parish from taxation
worse than confiscation, we dish to
call attention of those who are own
ers of, or interested in the soil, to that
fact, that a few months of Conserva
tire rule cannot fail but to bring with;
its benign legislation, the worthy inm
migrant to settle among us and help
till the vast numbers of acres of fine
lands now laying idle in Natchito
ches parish. Let us not flatter our
selves that the tide of immigration,
so long desired by our people, will
flow to us without encouragement.
No State in the West was settled up
by its inhabitants exhibiting supine
ness, and not exerting themselves to
draw to their respective neighbor
hoods the hardy tillers of the soil,
who have given to them their present
greatness and prosperity.
We have great questions to solve,
and surely none greater than the
settling up and cultivating of our
present abandoned fields. Thousagds
upon thousands of acres of rich al
uvial lands in this parish, are smi
lingly inviting thre plow and the hoe.
The settlement of the whole material
prosperity of this country rests upon
the solution of the problem of our la
bor. We can conceive none so fool
ish as to desire thie suicidal plan fol
lowel since the war, .of bringing ig
norant laborers, either white or black,
to Lp!isiana, and for momentary ad
vantage; a crop of cotton orsugar;
to place thie State in the hands again
of a beastial majority, owned and
controled by political demagogues, be
thb of na or against us. What we
need is small farms and plenty of
white intelligent farmers-the coun
tiy to be settled up by men in whom
tiere is mutual confidence--men who
will grow a diveirsity of crops-and
add not only to the material prosperi
ty of our parish, but to its honor and
pride. Some few people may say,
who have been reared to slav labor
or have only advanced one step from
that since the war, i.e. to run large
plantations with large bodies of no
grees, "how can we do that, we can
not make it pay." Well, we can only
ay to them,'that you live in an age
of advancement, and unless you keep
on with the tide, you will be crushed
beneath the wheels of the car of
progress. You annst learn to compete
with skilled labor; you must learn
how to make corn at 25 cents per
bushel, pay; you must learn hlow to
mnake cotton pay at 1O cents per
pound-for if you do not, in ten years
the Moath will be settled by a race of
men who will astonish you. by show
lug yeou how it is done.
We have thw lands afid require the
settlers. How to get :thlem should
be the question asked by all our land
owners.
We must eneourage the immigrant
to our parish by every means m our
power-schools must be established,
churches built, the price of our.lands
put down to easy Ofgures and sold up
on easy terms. Combinatibns to af
fect these ends mist b made by in
terested parties ) agentasentoutwith
full powers.to ,ct in bringing head,
of families to look at the country, -to
explain to those· who do not come, its
natural adiantages and what improve
ment it is usceptable of.
Elsewhere we publish a card calliog
together the land owners of our par
ish; this is the first move, which we
know portends good to our people.
Let there be a full attendance because
all are alike interested.
Who is Responsible ?
At last the muist has been blown
away, and "time, which makes all
things even," has revealed to us the
real authors, the prime movers in the
recent outrages perpetrated in our
Parish, wherein innocent men were
dragged from their homes, their bu
siness and their families, and sub
jected to brutal arrest and outrage
ous treatment at the hands of such
creatures as Mclntosh and Stockton.
It is a serious thing to make un
founded charges against persons or
parties, but we know whereof we
speak and are prepared to prove what
we say. But how very serious must
it be to make charges against indi
viduals known by the parties to be per
feetl linnoceut, and to follow up this
outrage by wholesale dragging to
Cavalry camps by Deputy U. S. Mar
shals.
Did these men think to intimidate
our people, to frighten therm into sub
mission to the rule of the "bright
idhining" thieves who have fattened
and grown rich at the expense of the
prosperity of our citizens. Did they
not know, that there are men in our
jparish who have lived hours in dan
g'er, a moment of which would quake
tihe pigmy souls from the miserable
carcases of such creatures who were
wont, to daily strut and smile through
our streets. Or did they suppose
that all we had said against them, all
we had done to rid ourselves of their
hated and ruinous government, was
idle wind and vain vauntings, that
like the slave, we would cringe and
crawl when the lash was attempted to
be applied to us. But they were and
are woefully mistaken, and as truth,
"though crushed to eartli will rise
again," our cause has been vindica
ted in their overwhelming defeat, and
notwithstanding past denials t he
names of the instigators become
known--D. 11. Boult , the Prince of
thieves, a man who has lived upon
our people, who has amassed a for
tune by trickery and fraud, whose
akin is white and whose soul is as
black as midnight, is the man who
furnished the lists of the persons to
be arrested, and sent them to New
Orleans by that worse than nothing,
individual, "Coley" Pierson. These
chairys e ee make and arte prepared to
prove them.
We, and the Vindicator speaks for
the prisoners; do not desire to engage
our people in any strife against this
'"poor old man," but we desire to
show up to the people of this parish
who may have some lingering sym
pathy for this publican, how like
Uriah heap he fawns and strikes.
What ills my countrymen, have we
suftered at the hands of this iudivid
nal-our fields have been nntilled,
eur homes made desolate, taxes piled
upon pus mountain high, immigration
driven from our midst, our presence
been insulted by the sight of such
menas Myers, Breda, Pierson, et ca
tra; all, all the prime friends and co
adjutors of thlis D. H. Bonllt-the
destroyer of ,i'dicial Districts and
Police Juries, the violator, of solemn
compromises, he to-day lives but to
disgrace humanity, whose form he
has been uffortunately rested with.
Boullt was the man w..o declared
to gentlemen a few days before he
was made to resign, that should harm
befall him "there would not be ten
bales of eotton,raised in this parish,
aye not one, there will not be a gin
house left standing, not even a tesi
denee, and your women and children
iball be clothed in fig-leaves and live
in bark buts." Citizens of Louisiana
and the Union, you behold now the
man of all imen who has done all to
oppresA:and rob our people, the boon
companion of Dewees the burglar,
and Twitchell the thief, the proclaim
ed house burner, the arrester of in
nocent people; and we would ask you
whant fate the ahescreant deserves?
We will answer it for yon, we are
the wronged, the oppressed. Let Aim
live his miserable existance out, shun
med by all that is virtuoes and good,
and dying, decend into hell covered with
the curses of every honest man in our
parish.
General abundance has assumed
conmmand ,in this departinent, and
beef, ducks, venison, pork, etc., are
being showered upon us in profusion.
Oh for a pocket book a mile deep,
and it full. -
The city Bilianrd Saloon Is in full
hast and is nightly the resort f these
i' asearch of recreation and amuse
mitcnt Ashie, the gentlemanly pro
prietor, will always be found on hand
to dispense the honors of the house.
Our Future Work.
Louiia ul redeemed, calls upon all
her true sons to be up and doir.g in
the glorious work of clearing the
wreck of the rain of six years of de
basing rule of Radicals and negroes,
and although the undertaking to the
timid may seem stupendous, but to the
pure,.virtuous and patriotic citizen, is
a work of ditty more glorious than
all the world besides.
Our State and local finances require
regulating, to sift the good clains
from the bad, to promptly pay all
that is just and equitable, and as
promptly reject such as are fraudu
lent. For to our wind the timp!le
idea of repudiation is horrible. Our
State is in no condition to have eve:t
her credit questioned, much less
abunsed. It is trfe that we owe large
ly, but when we exhibit a willing.
nes, to pay, creditors are always gen
erous and will be satisfied to wait un
til we can make our assurances good.
In fact all that honest capitalists who
hold bona fide claims against us, re
qure is, that the government of the
State be returned to the hands of its
material citizens, wlhenl they will be
perfectly satisfieJ that a proper ad
justmnent will be made of the claims
against us, and such legislation had,
as will secure the pay.vment of the
l:tst dollar. So also with our local in
debtedness, although we are fiuly
aware that a large amount of the war
rants issued were based upon fraudu
lent claims, and were for fraudulent
purposes; in fact we may say the lar.
ger portion of them come nuder that
head, and bearing in mnind the faet
that parishes have, under the law, no
right to issue warrants upon an empty
Treasury, still some of these claims
are just and equitable and mast be
paid. How this shall be done is left
to our Police Jury, whom we are
proud to congratulate as being able,
honest and willing, and we could not
have the financial affaiit of our par
ish in the hands of better men than
the body presided over by Mr. Win.
Payne of this ward. In the mean
time, while upon this subject, let
financiers who are interested in the
welfare of our parish, subnmit through
the columns of this paper, sugges
tions touching the matter at issue,
th.at those interested may have the
benefit of their counsel and views.
The grand object in attaining po
litical supremacy in this State, must
be accomplished by our people, that
is, less taxation, more immigration,
and peace nmuint reign rill. in our borders,
Canals and Levees are to be construct
ed, Rail Roads built and tie whole
resources of the State now prostrated
must be developed; how to do these
many things and not increase taxa
tion, will require our most experienc
ed talent. This gordian knot must
be unravelled by thie skillfull hand of
the political economist, not severed
by the sword of thle Radical blan
derer. €
We have no fear for our fnture;
with Louisiana in thie hands of her
white citizens, with the example of the
unwise and ruinous legislation of the
past six years before u, naught but
a successful issue to al. troubles can
be augured by the most sceptic.
To our Patrons.
Upon our return to the cl:nrge of
the editorial columns of the Vindica
tor, we desire to c4ll the attention of
those who are indebted to us, that our
situation, pecuniarily, is at this mo
ment trying, and we must insist upon
settlements being made before the slet
of January, 1875.
We started this paper at a venture,
determined-to.vindicat te the righlts of
the people of Natchitoehes parish.
Hlow we have. conducted the Vriadica.
tor to that end, and what benefit hats
accruetad ou- mr e iloppe Triii-olWef orts,
wre lave the community to judge, at
the sametime we flatter ourselves it
has not been inconsiderable. It should
be borne in mind that we have pub
lished this paper at a-steady loss from
its first issue, our people were poor
and ground down with taGxation,vwe
were in tie same boat with then,
ouraim was to assist iu relieving
them of the government that thus
outraged them, and we lived in hope
and fear, thlit our efforts would be
successful and that a Divne Provi
dunce would grant to us at the same
time an abundant harvest. In both
have our most sangauine wishes been
gmratified, and now we ask our reward.
Let all those who owe come forward
and settle, the amount is small to
each but something to us. To those
-bo desire to sustain us forther in es
tablishing a first class piper, we so
lieit your patronage, and you ean rest
assured the Vindicator wilI be what
it has alwayd beein, the lfearless de
fende of the rights of tde people.
Fine stem winder, double case gold
watch to'raffle. Tickets $2 each, for
sale at this office.
That Rotvirning BMtrd.
This concern had better be hl~.,1d
out to some parties who '"woudI rntl,
the machine" ;mori rapidly ii' nlt t:,
better advantage. Its act., so f.tr, ihv
been challinriiig, andl we have lo Ca;l .
to comphlaiu. IHow extremil-y -vir.
thou.i ImenC can be, twhei theyc ar,'e tid
to be so ; and we are ore conrinced
every day that therte is more reas)nlt
in one White Leagule riftie than i,4 it
stack of IptitionIs Ias high aS lei
vius. G(;o oil gCentlemen, yOU aIt j,
ing tinely-but we deshe to Kai ou.
word atlbout this par;ish 1hisue ,;i
renach it, antid as it is the candid slte.
lIInllt elf'our whole peop.le, it rutt!ld
SIewell for yol u t tiostl- laitleir
over tlhe ubject before ,on commit
yoiitiue ives. If you rrtiurn lile elrvtien
lwhcrsris+e than c"s drut YlutI byi JI.olu;i
ttheºrrt'irIr oflgeygistrtition ;. iff you rer
turn Piersot, Rtlbly. Bredl, and that
e(olas elt'l. cd,ltl 'expre't pe eeC :i 'this
par ish, yon are N'Most i,',lotllj tist'le:i,
icir people harce scorn nerer to subwu;t
to their rule and by lie *o'te d.aKd -li"
k cill.
" Melies unon taigtcre clmuO."
W. 1I. 't. stAu.--W1lhile under ar
rest anli conlined in the Cavalry camp
near this city, the albove nalii iil.
dividuail took occasion to cast iitinii
ating slurs upon what he chIoos4e to
term our "past conduct"' Although
he is totally unworthy of notice, and
we heartily detest a coward, and one
who would take advantage of a whole
troop of Cavalry to insult a ibe, we
cannot let this occasion slip to in-.
form Mr (?) Tnnh.ard, that we knot'
hin trell, knew hint when lie was a
rampant K. W. C. add desired to
drink negro blood hot froml their
veins, took delight in conspiring to
destroy RIepublicau printing offices,
howled the "Democratic Rooster" and
yelled the "Gay old Carpet-bagger"
in all the K. W. C. glee clubs in the
city, guzzled Democratic whiskey at
"big hilarities"-and we are forced to
say he was as big a dog then as ihe is
now. sVe dismiss this cuss wiii :1
fair warning that troops of Cavalry
are not tei'rors to birave men.
We would impress upon our puc
pie that, although the vote has been
had, the ballots counted by the Sn
pervisors of Registration in the sev
eral parishes,'fGtlt the returns semi
officially known, still the election is
not over. For the returns are in the
hands of those skillful msanipnuttar~m
who are more potent 'and powerful
in elections than all the uvters in the
Union, we meai the Returning Board.
Shodld we relax' one particle of our
vigilance, they Would cutlt as out
certainly. All the hopes, all the wish
es of the defeated thieves and plan
deerers, rests with this body, Should
they use thlafraud heretofore disjlay
ed in their actions, then farewell
peace, to Louisiana. Our vows have
been registered, tlhi *ie are knce with
these rulers now, henceforth and for
ever. Does it not then behoove our
citizens to lie watchful andt ever on
tie alert with Ohese people-people
who do right whel they fear to do
wrong. Lot us bul t attempt to tern
porise with them, and back we plunge
into this quagmire of degredatiou and
rain we have just struggled from
Keep ip your organizations, have
your monthly meetings and be ever
prepared for .- _ veament of the foe,
The Mouroe lnteikigescer in a late
issue after a straining voamit of the
acts of its own party for the past 14
years, eomplacently asks the Ameti
can people of the N(orth, whom it
classes as its "friends," if they
sent by their votes on the 3d of No
vember to "eadorse' theme things.
Why blessM you no. Nothing was
furtler from their intention. But it
doesmanke -ee smile to see this
"Bloody Shirt" business kept up, and
such standing expresions ias the
"practical results of the war," "iKu
klux ontrages, are., &c., still used
by those lately in power. One wonuld
be led to believe that the Amnerican
peopcle wet called upon, and that call
was a species of patriotism, to stand
by and see these carpet-tag and scal
awag thieves strip the 8onthera peo
ple, not only. of every dollar, but of
every vestage of freedom, under cov
er of the dubious expression of the
"practical results of the war.'1 Bah
-this is all nonsense, eat the crow,
we know its bad but you'll get nuCd
to it in time for 1876, for you'll ther
belt a large- quantity In "hot haste."
Physiologists say that our Bodies
are renewed once in seven years:
'The material of which they are re
constructed is the blood, and milcss
it be fully charged with the elements
of vitality, the strength and health
of the system decline. Of all blood
deparents, Dr. Walker's 'inegar Bit
ters is the safest and meet infallible"
There is no disease, arising from de
pravation of the blood, which it will
unt peedily cnre. * *-