,- -- ( !-.-,l ~l Iit., I Tt '.l --{ | t.,
~~~iiitll htio |'rjitd of t~l' lI"I PI I.
Advertising Iates.
-- *~I flP ndriil ifrieJ.14.Of tCROVE ,c
4au. o.s, l - o ? o hlidh,,,i.ery S.\'l TH. 31,rub:
I $4e -"" r If }h 50 &l0 00 415 10 $11 f2 000O
9~~~~~~~ squarevtio ..I;OtI al fll!9 u250
,_,_',_ - WELFARE" ." f ,.T," ..iloPLE I THE. SUPREME LA .............
tquarLe the W i +
iquae+.1711i ON 27 un 35 n 41) 00 5n THEi WELL' ARE OF TH LAW.yexnots.. .....1
a'rnv. $y, I i l |l :'1 111 1 .: | 1'. 00l0ni 1}10 -4~ - -"
' . I " 1. - .... .. .
I. , U, rit. .. (111 / 1 f 5., II/"' {"l " 11 . 21 O l~  -0 1011) - - -h.,. - i.-,- -.- - --,r -!- - ... -i,,, ---- -.....
S, "' "11 n 01: Ctlzens of d ol0ie Sabine, Win and Natchitoches Farishes.
. . .n.. 00 -A MA (I 10i 1877 N5 .
. I r g V ittli it I tt ti o l lo l ]1 1 I5I Sulppjo ised to I'l'3 J I t l.: ..e s hlag d o aI a l
+ , .1 I.l 2Ill Pil .. . I ,
AhnIlVAlT A41 I)EPARTURES.
Alexandria to Natchitoches.
Arrirals. Departures.
TnMeday 4 p. m. lThursdaly 9 .. Im.
Friday 4 p. in. Saturdla a. u.
Sunday i p. Il. Monday 9 a. In.
Natchitchw' s to Shreveport.
TsilMay 9 a;. t. 'Ti.say 9 a. tn.
Thur,ha y a. n. I'hurrMay 9 a. in.
Satirday I a In. Saturday 9 a. in.
N;tc:hitoches to Texas.
'nesay 6 p. m. Monday 7 a. m.
Saturdnay 6 p. in. Tiursday 7 a. m
Natcliitoches to Minden.
"nesday 6 p. ui Wednesday 7 a. m
'riday 6 p. Im. Saturday 7 a. nm.
Natchitoclhes to Winnfield.
Tnel1ay 12 mn. tlnesday i pi. m.
Friday 12 In, Friday 1 p. In.
ALL. MAII. (,I,4SE AT 8 A. M.
Office llonu-from 7 A. M. to 12 M.
and from 2 I' M to 6 r M.
W. D. II.ARKINs.
Post Mastr.
Professional Cards,
Y IW . J.l, K. D. PIERSON
Jaic. de Pierson.
-Attorney-s and Colinselors at Lawr
NATCtITOCHES, LA.
ILI, practice in the Courts of Natchitnches. t
V Sabine, I) *4oto. I~ed River Winn. Rlapideir,
n4 (irant, an1 in tit lII upre'Te Courlt of tihe
State. ClAi:i n promptly attended to.
March 25- v.
Y ,. Ounningham. T. P. 'taplin.
J. II. Cunnineham.
Cunninghamri, Chaplin &
Curnninghanm.
Attorneys and Conselors at Latw.
St. Denis St., Natchitoches, La.
IATILL practice' in the courts ot Rap
* ides, (.rant. Winn, Saltine. Deoto,
Red River and Natcliitoches, and the
Soupreme Court of the State.
Claims promptly attended to in any
part of the I'uio'm. March 23-1y
.Dr. WT. B. Powell
IEDICINE and SCURIGERY.
OFFICE on ST. DENIS STREET,
NATCItITOCIIES, LA.
talls to tie Ctiuutry promptly at
.aded to.
oerd to Dre. F..Tohnwon, .. S. Stephene, C.
Barlin and G. E. Gillvspie. .Meer.. Bollard
C Campsbell, Carver & Taylor, Trichel & AirV
and Col. It. E. Burke.
April a.--ly
Business Card.
ROI
.. A. BULLARD N. i. CAMPBELL
l1allaxd & Carrtpbell, T
-DRALELR IN in
bRY GOODS, trai
GROCERIES, T
HARDWARE, ket
And General Merchandise.
Corner FPItON & te.AYmrarr Street,
xNa1hitoches, La. thi
tTIGHEST cash price paid for cotton and
eL aountry produce in cash or merchandise.
March 25 -ly.
1Tohnb C. Triohel the
(Walmsley's Brick Building,)
Washington Street, Natchitdches, La.
Wholesdle and Retail Dealer in
Dry Goods, Groceries,
HA rS,
CAPS.
00oos,
SIIOES,
and General MERCHANDISE
W Highest price paid for Cotton and i
itner Country produce, In Cash or Mer
thandise.
March '15ly,
lheao. Sohulmalln,
-DEALER I
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES, and
O IGENRAL MERCHANDISE
htr. FRONT and ST. DENIS Streets
Natchitocees, La.
March 9541y.
Peite Veuýldnan.,
-IYDALER IN
.: JAMIL Y GROCfRIEo
>A 1il assortment of WALL-PAI'F.R con
stantly on hand.
hswaI inducements to CASH Customers.
WASHINGTON STREET,
Natchitoeheas La.
March 25--ty.
` m..t. DuasKnE,
-dealer in
FRaoNT Slramr Natciibche, La.
0. Shaifrath,
Boot and Shoe Maker.
S ALLENGES the world for neatness
Ssad dmrability of work. i3tisfacti "
and material guaranteed
Shop an St. Denis St.
*b . m". Zemed,
> N9OTARY PUBLIO.
ander Vindiestor Office,)
ST. DENIS STREET,
JTHITOnics, LA.
v'°"S.:DTI1,.ET
I, CASPARI. M. DIETRICIl. TI
* TT
Caspari & Dietrich, T
TI
(ILaoste Building) Tt
FRONT St., NATCIIITOCHIES, La: Tr
Ti
-- TI
'T
GRAND opening of a RiEW MAMMOTH TI
TI
SPRING and SUMMER STOCK, T
direct from the New Orleans and Easter mar. T
kets, consisting in'part of T
T
DRY GOODS; T
T
CLOTHING; T
HATS, T
T
BOOTS, T
GROCERIES,
CROCKERY,
flARD
WARE, &c, &c. 1
LADIES AND GENTS'
i'URNISHING GOODS.
in tact,
A full line of GOOIS for the country trade
All 6f which they are solling at less than NEW
ORLEANS PRICES
FOR CASH:
Call and examine the largest and most corn
pletestock ever brought to this market, and
Aatisfy yourselves as to their prices.
V" Highest price paid fir Cotton and couh
try produce, in cash or merchandise.
he March 5.- 1S.
TUl
3A.SU T. I N.EDGQ, TUl
Pr;,ctical TUL
WATCHMAKER
Jeweler.
O ~-AND- E
Watches, Clocks, and Jew- for
elry carefully repaired and warranted. hi:
Standard T I ME Kept tht
and Watches set and regulated correct- tr3
ly, free of charge. sa
A tine lot of WATCIIES and CLOCKS in
for sale cheap. ex
(Office od St. Deris st., betweeu 2d & 3d.)
Feb. 3-1y.
Boarding House. h
L. H. BURIDIL'K, iJ- p relor.
(tCorner FRONT and TOULINE Ste.)
NATCHIITOCHIE8, LA. D
EVERYTHING NEW.
ROOMS ELEGANTLY FURNISSED. .
The only First-Class House in the ciiy p
in fact the only house where transient h
travelers can be accommodated TI
Tables supplied with the best the mar
kets afford.
Attentive waitets and the comfort of
guests in every particular guaranteed.
Hacks run in connection with this
this house.
TERMS MODERATh.
Files of daily papers will be found in
the office.
..
Th Thbeo., a11er,
Cojier, Tin and Sheet-iron worker.
-DEALER IN
Stoves, Tinware and House Furnishing
As GOODS,
Washington St.,....:... vitchitothes, La
Sole agent for the Unrivalled
BUCKS BRiLLIANT
COO;lsKg Stoves.
Gutters, Pipes, Metalic roofin g and al
b kinds repa'ming, done with dispatch.
on- A iberal 1 es 'unt to country trade.
March 25-1y
LUMBER!
LUMBER.
-AT
Wm. TR A MMELL'S
STEAM 8AW HILL, Five Miles South of
Natchitoches.
Is prepared to fill orders at short notice
below cash pr ices,
a WM. TRAMMELL.
i Feb. 24-ly
JOSEPH C. KEYSER,
Brickmaker and Layer.
18 PREPARED to do all work entrusted
to him quickly and in a workmanlike
manner. Tomb, Chimneys, Cisterns and
Sother work solicited.
. Orders left at BULLARD & CAMP
BELL will be promptly atlended to.
Jan. 27, iv.
" .BiED THE LL"An
'' PILLS An
T vr'[",:A PILLS
T ei '["S O" UL dIsIce PILLS
TUTT'IS V PILLS
TCTT'S RESP :ECTFULL.Y offred by ILLLS
TUTT'S W. I. rtrTr. M.D., for many PILLS
TlTT  year` I),,montrator of Anatomy in PILLS Pire
TITT'S Ilth. Mtedi-al c'llege of Georgia. PIL LS
TUFT'I S Drhrltcv" of Irl'e. torlli thcer with PILLS
TUI'T'S tiftee' year" test of Tutt's I'kl1s, ILS I
TUTT'S ani tte tihoseouti of testimon als PILLS 'Iis
TCTT'' s l vlrn of their ctlli'acy, warrant me PILLS
TUTTT' i', :L' i ti thlat tlh l will positively PILLS i
T ' ,, r alltt ll-.:sii tihat resiult from a PILLS
TU ',tllie.,ld liver. They are not ree- PILLS ' 1
T UTT'S t'imen11Ieid for allt thle 1ls that affllet
TUTT'M lllllltt:IIiii IHil for 1 tlras.epI.,atiitn PILLS '_ 'o j
TU.. .r't li.. C'- costi iatloln. lles, Skin I)Is- PILL Q
TU.FT'S . ae'S. IllollS Colic. Rheumatism, PtLLS
TUTT.'I I~:llll: ion of t11 IHeart. Kidney PILLS
TUTT'. Atfetonls. Fetnale(omplalfts,.&c, PILLS T'is
TUTF'S all of whclhl result from a deranre- PILLS r
T meti of thew iv, er. ino iiedllines PILLS
TUTT'teivir ioVeli co 'wrie( It * as LIV. PILLS r s
TUTT'STI:''' VEGET'APILE PILLS For
TUTT'S CURIE SICK HEADACHE. PILLS in
TUTT" " . , .. PILLS l" i
TUTT'S .............. ..............PILLS
TUTT'7S TIUTrsI PILL% PILLS
TU"FT'S REQUIRE Ni CLIANG OfB PILLS
'UT'Sf'' DIET. PILLS
TUTT'S PILLS
TUTi'S TVTT'S PILL PILLS
TUTT'S ARE I'UIti:LY VEOETABtt.I PILLS
TtTT'S I ....." ". ..........i..............: PILLS
TFTS ................ .............. PILLS
TITF'r' i TI''rr ILL PI LLS eI l
TUIr'S I NEVER Gi|tPE )il N.AUSE- PILLS
TUfT'S ATE. I PiSIL
TUTT'S.........................PIILS
TUTT' ...... ............ .... ....·:: ! PILLS III
TI'rT'S T 'Fi' 1 S'IAN) FOP TUTT'' PILLS
TUTT' PIllS iq not rontin'ed to this PILLS
TUTT'S con:try, but .xt.nds to all parts PILLS
TUT'S .....................:::: ....: : t.LS t
TUTT'S ACLI:ARER AD,,lasti limbsh PILLS
TUTT'S good di.esiin, sound steep PILLS ill
TUTT'S 'PILLS
TUTT'S buoyant spirit. fnle. appetite,; P
TUT'T'S are A omFAl tie r, lts ofEDII PILLS ilt
TUTT'S TUfT'S tiS of IIlE PIL. i S
TUTT'S t ' PILLS
TUTT'S . .. ......................... PILL
TUTT'S :" ' FA' Y t'I, DI"'iE: ILLS I Ll
TI'TT'S TITT'S I'3Nll+ AIIE IEE, PILLS
TUTT'S BN lT-l ERFi Y RT IIAII. PILLS
TUT'P'8 RIE, T, Ef I TS. PILLS
TUFT'S......................... PILS
STUTT'S PILLS
TI'TT'S S I':tlt ENVCPt I iYKI. PILLS
TUTT'T PRICE,· TWES'tY-FIV'E TS. PILLS
TUT'T'S PILS tL,
TU'TT'S I'li NCIPA Oc '(l, 0 : PILLS
TUTT'S IS MUIIHAY nIREET, PILLS fit
TUTT'Q NEW YORK. PILLS
TUTT'S PILLS tli
DR. TUTT'S 1Y
EXPECTORANT.
This, unrivaled preparation has per
formed ssobie of the pmost astonishing
cures that are retorded in the annals 6o I
history. Patients sulffering for years from
the various diseases of the Lungs, after ii
trying different remedies, spending thou
sands of dollars in traveling and doctor
KS ing, have, by the use of a few bottles, c
entirely recovered their health.
k".) "WON'T 00 TO FLORIDA."
New York, August 30,1872
SDR. TUTT:
Dear Sir :-When in Aiken, last winter, I ueed yode
e Expectorant for my cou.Itl. a.1I realized more beefit t
from it than anything I ever tool: I and s0 well that
I will not go to Florida next wintor as I intended.
flend me one doeon bottl.s, b7 express. for some
friends. ALFRED CUSHING,
193 W3at Thirty-first Street.
Boston, January 11,1874.
Thius ertiles that I have reoommended the use of
Dr. Tutt's Expectorant for diseaees of the lungs
for the past two years, and to my knowledge many
bottles have been used by my patients with the hap
. piest results. In two oases where t wam thought con.
firmed consumption had taken place the Expectorant
ED. effeted a cure. R. H. SPRAGUE, M.D.
"We on not speak too highly of Dr. Tutt's Ex'
ili pectorant, and for the sake of suffering huinanity
Tent hope it may become more generally known."-Cualus
Sold by IDruvats.i. Price dl;00
IAr- - ------ - ---- -- -
Oscar Chopi-;
COTTON FACTOR
-AND
COMMISSION MERC!ANT,
NO 65 CARONDELET ST,
Jnly I -1v New Orldans.
L. WALMILI.Y* I. M, ALtSISLEY
C. L. WALMSLEY & CO,
COTTON FACTORS
-AND
GENERAL COMMISSION MERCHANTS.
Perdido St., New Orleans, La.
March 25-1J.
0 <i
1S j
A a a
~P;
g Q C
a itq
mI ats
' r0 i s, e
Q > 0: Q
C 4 eU
NT ly ef
FREE
WAREHOUSE.
CHAMBERS & BARBEE, t
GRAND ECORE, LA:
No charges for storage made on Cotton
or Freight consigned to our care. t
March 3.-1m.
D ALER
A WANTED
in every town in j
the South for the
celebrated
JrEED
SEWING
Machme:
,lhe easiest, learned, lightest runping,
most duabble and populat Machine made.
Received the higest award at the Cen
tennial.
Special Induceni etI O Yedt
Address
WEED SEW mG ik&Wi t 66.;
.No. 182 alSn Sbreeti 19e* O4e60
]l'ur thel' ii, lic·iito i .
"And, What i,: Fr'endthip but a I1
Name."
BIY W. t'. ,.
Pu1re friendslipl, is inre' than a inanic,
'l"is itself" tiun t'untt sint of bliss.
I'iure lrie'ndtshipt is always the sae.ll.
'["is all that rimlity is. r
l"is a light-litls jour ly to cheer.
'I'o the wostriiket heart,a a relietf, (1
.1'o joys, gives its sm1ile. 'Tor, ?ri'aw its ter,,
.\s a balil, ill the hour' of grl'ief.
T'is a spirit whose honle's in the sky.
T'is an c,:lio, frot mlllsie above,
'"is a streamlet, that never tris dIry,
For it flows froml the fountain of love.
T'is a seal, on the spirit hlirlr sS'd
In mercy to lift, it was giv.en
I'is a nlote' froht the harps otf :iless'd
'is a tgel, from the treiasIe s of Heaven.
lit i B l i
ltiiti 01
General Ncw1 and Netes. P 1nno
P. II. S. PINCulIACK repre sent- nalist is
ed to the ex Presented that Pack- itythe
and was a limp fraud in Louisiana; all the
and that Nicholls, if left alone, i 1876,
could sustain hiniself. statistic
EUROPE scents exercised over to2,0r3J,
the "war with Turkey" yet. It is The orni
now reported that i'zar, after fail- and I ,0O
ing to bluff the Porte, is now look eluding
'ig around for soinchiody to hold "f const
him.
IT IS universally conceeded by
all unbiased iien that Hayes is
the president by fraud. All at- Gril
temps therefore to cover iup this
fact by such intamious sheets as
the New York Hlerald are perfect
ly disgusting to decent men. We .'Vic
know of no paper in America so
utterly contempnltalble as this same d I
dishwater New York Ierald, Fa
MR. PARK GOODWIN has the
honor of naming Ilayes--"Rleturn
ing Board Hayes" and a new New
Democrat suggests an appropriate big gu
cognomen for his vice-president, free.
Williuam Accomplice Wheeler. to Pacl
Six REAR Admirals in the Anger
United States Navy died last er be i
, month. Sate
The Grand Duke Alexis, who, p
0 the us(
with a Russian Blet, soiiIht pro
tection in Newport harbor from Gog
the "'fury of the Turks," is dined his pr(
and being dined by Demo' to nnl
Scratic and Republican royalty- n- d h
b hoot-licks of New Yoik; t:f all.
TIHE Cincinnati Enquirer thinks The
t, that, inasmuch as Bradley was a is il
scharcoal burner in early youth,
Satan will be able to utilize him Get
in the business hereafter. follow
Col.(
TnHE N~oithein l)emocrat is wast- ot
ing time and breath calling the cartii
Southern people to account as TII
"harlots." When cowards become Packs
respectable in the eyes of honest your
and decent people it will be time
ET for the Northern to "shake up" XXttsl
the Southern democrat. We have To S
' fought for our Democracy and are Il
willing to do so again, when the date,
Northern wing of our iaity gets th
L up to that point-then they can optol
abuse, not before. mair
.. THE New Orleans Demnoerat puts in L
down the law to our trembling tary
northern champions when it tells ma
them if they mean fight for their bete
rights we are with thelm, but if it the
is talk and gas we will look out the
for ourselves. they
Sog E one was asking about the pull
"fool killer" the other day. Weo t
understand he is on the hint for rec'
the man that nominated 8. J; Til
den for president on the Demo
cratic ticket in 1880.
PLEASANT Hill, DeSoto parish, pe
has been encorporatedt. Gover- sii
nor Nicholls iippoilited the tol
lowing officials for the town : Ma- lea
yor, W. D, Gooch; Councilmen hat
Henry J. Davis, J. T. Harrell, S
D. Chapman and N. W. Parker, tu
na GovJRROR Nicholls has called ha
an extra session of the Legislature col
to convene Friday, March 2d for int
Sfifteen days. Education, appro
tto priations, revenue, hevees, elec r:
tious. tegistration, city and par- tb
ochial affairs and election to U.
ER 8. Senate are specified as the obh
Sin jects of legislation.
rthe Thn New Orleans Dernoorat to
gives our legislators warning that p
Sthe people re'quire real reform and
not wasted time. Let us see if io
they will heed it. o
ne . PRESIDENT Granit ordered i
Ping, the' title clubs of South Carolinas
Cen not to prade on the 22d Feb.,l
Washington9s birth day. Wash
red Ifngton has bee proveu b~y Mr.,
BHewitt and Iris niajority to' have ,
lberi b boid fosil-witness the1a
Et)~hial bill, and as the consti- h
t.uti l for xhi h hi t is s1 upposed to I11.13 hII. I
have "fit" is adirty sham, we don't can pay
jIocket.
see the impropriety ill squelhing pkhe t.
the gush of any individual who Niile oiil
wants to inike such a fool of him- ,issioun
self as to celebrate any thing that crid.enti i
reminds us of the past. No ct
REv. Father Bernard Keenan, who to ledtclti
died at Lancaste'r, Penn., last week,
was ninety-eight years old, and the
oldest Catholic priest in thel United Pt('LA
States. lie was a native of Ireland. New (
Nearly sixty years ago his physicinn lowing p
told hinm that he was in the last stages
of constumption, i;;n lobt of his lungs Ne
being entirely gone. To the 1i
THiE voice of Sam Bard is one more I cmon
heard in the land-this time as the abiding
.editor of the Democratic paper at nollthls
Pensacola. Hlis versatility as a jour- trial. '
nalist is only paralleled by his inutil- so far :as
ity. a stead
The namber of vessels of war of civic vir
I all the maritime nations amlounlited, anlfirs a
in 1876, according to sonmt otlicial than eýv
statistic lately'pulihshed in Germany, nmoderat
'r to2,039J, of which 209 were iron-clads. \Vc hav
is The ornanment omlprised 28sl 0,000 mene great- Cl
Iand V1,000 guns 110 war-vessels, in- samie I
eluding 56 ironl-clads, were in course Union a
( of coustillction. internal
- _ fore cot
By Telegraph. b
is the gov
tGrant Sets Doi'"d dn$ Parck- enfori
arl. history
and re,
ls 'O .ore Troops hf Ils. race ei
and shy
Ve .'ichollf the Gorernor.: Ionesti
80o any di
tie dud Packard Can Play rigfs t
Farce as Long as He Cat i
Pay the I~ er. tion c
he blessi'
t- [Special to the Vindicitor.j Ming
e New Orleans, March 2.-Fire tlhi o
Sbig gun and rejoice. Louisiana is oils, G
tIt, free. A dispatch from the President this, r
to Packard made public through Gen. all pe
the Ager says : The troops will no long- obserl
ast er be used io establish or pull down for th
State governments, and that public recon
o, opinion will not nor does not sustain feelin
the use of the military in sustaining sea.
S your government in Louisiana.
r Governor Nichol1 has just isneti
iets his proclamation enjoining all citizens "0oc
lo' to maintain the peace, obey the laws Ne
:y- anad have a just regard for the rights
bf all.
ins The biggest doubters now say there
is i h doubt. P. ng
ithl, New Orleans, March 3d, 1877. ular
him Gen. Ahger lasp night received the the
following dispatch, and isst:ud it to atio,
Col. C. C. Auger, Commanding l)e- tt
his- partment, New Orleans, with this all o
the caption.
as The following dispatch has g me to
le IPackatrd; and is hereby sent you for
yest your information and guidance.* Afte
time EXECUTIVE MANSIOS, Ivote
pWashington, U. C. Marclh 1st, 1877. had
ae To S.B. Packard, New Orleans, La. tSe
I ae n answer to your dispatch of this
the date, the President directs me to sny said
t that ie feels it his duty to state frank- pre
gts ly that he does not believe public Ha
oap oplonion will longer Bupport the as
maintainance of State go'ernments tion
puts in Louisiana by the use of the mili- ter
hingtary and thait he must concur in this i
tells manifest teeling; The ti'bops will o
hereafter, as in the past, protect life cou
ir and property from mob violence olenl fl
the 8tat atuthoritie fail, but, during ch
k out thle remaining days of his official life, dl
they will not be used to hstablih or ou0
it the pull doin either claimant for control ste
We of the State. It is not his purpose to
t for recognite either claimant le
W. T. SHERMAN, f
DemOflcial i Gen. Com'dg. 4t
C. C. Sniffer, See.
Governor Nicholls here ptoelaims ti
erieh, ace obedience to law and submis
sion to the will of the people as the
e fol plesident's ordurs to General Anger
i:M a- leaves the fate of Louisiana in the 1
ilmen hauds of her own citifens. l
'el, S Hayes it thoroughly committed to a
ker. the policy of nou.interferrince and p
led has expressed his wvillingness and in
le teution to entrtist the rights of the
colored people to the geneiogity and
for intelligence of the whites of the South, 4
apro- Gov. Nichoils will not be ehlbar- at
elec e rassed in his admiis'tratitni by fur- It
d par- ther tnterferance from Washington.
to U . Charles Foster and St'anly Matlrews r
Ir ob telieve the best and trut policy of
Governor Nicholls will be proclaimed
eooral to the people of Louisiana; that he
g t hat proposes to protect tbe rigihts of all,
rm and and eionsetve the interest of the State
Sias a whole; to all on the people to
obey the laws, redpeet the authority
of his government and abstain from
idered rviolence, e~cept iu strict self defense
t rolina against usurpation and usrpers, o
SFeb bl te attempt of
aash- iACKARlt'S USURPEiS
SMrIfto exercise authority, or to act any
' h have where as in authority from Packard;
1s the and, finally, to let Packard barricade
consti- him.self in the St: Lnnis Hotel aod
lay.13 ii hI i'li 's f11 V, ;I" lig a;" lie M a.i
cail pay the bills out of hirs o iln
Ipocike't.
'l'he legal lcogiiltion i l.. el a;t i,, i
Nihulil-" will come tthiog.h lit. ad My l ux.s . hi
missition f lthe Setator's bearing his pliciltatil
rdew OIlns, ics. .-i fl Mlt, i
No ico prcltiso has been nlle atie * hlih,,,41.
112 itu eon
1to il..lit un t ~olf it l lll. who i'tIe I
IIAxiR EY. the afD;it, ih
DIhil' tileI I 'lll
PRIIOCLAMATION I ll 0oV. NICh1IOLL. Iilc idl by
New O1 leans, March °.-'rhe, flti n (.,111t1nit, "I
-rial. T e h tlo 'r\ Of U it irs a scsll
lingprso cli t natri u oas beei i tsed ictts iclose.
To the Peiile of Louisiana :f tie c lial, If I1
I congratiulati e yolu violn you ll hicw- illteers, i
abiding clandilCt iihiung thle t ast Zacirii'y T
ileutl l~ olf nl lecede tell anlxiety liand I .wo miil
i e l t t e pil r t'
litol. The histo ryte lo t i ntlo li ricl I'~hl9ing,
lso far 1 yon l',are eonieriel Clbeei biut itt's co1
it steady tixiito ion of thue lighiret ile. The
cii vihties. IThe sitl ti ,n oill' your ) 11, o whI
llfaiis at tliirs a intt is o eilt dellmlinsltlit nore flrtiihi
thiil ever the exercise of tlrinless,  i cl staid
fon rtion aine ti evnotion toi pliic ilie; the I cli nc l
We have now lthe assurali that tie lilnd, and11
sthie her righitftl iposilion in the o f § tttiil'
Union lnd in the col trol of tler aOw ioscinhil
itCeriatintil a'fairs. You iuti, there- wuitn Il
ore cotliiie to ma intai the Liuilic tho whtle
peace, iefraii front V'iolenice alind leave given in
to ttloe charged with ttihe , utie.s of teil it r1,
thei gIoerinlelt thle rensplisibility of tlatttl
enforeiig the lavs. In the future iledia
and respect tlt fact that all class and in the l
race distinctions before thle p won are wi the
anli shall renoain aoisvh ed. Let us lelted a
hesilely accord each citizen, withouiti The firs'
Sany distinction, aI full leasnre of his neither 1
rights and equal benefit and protec- of Madi
lion of law, so that all, under the tue silo
blessing of God; may contribute to itively r
inug about an era of good feeling, exhang
peace and purtosperity.
hi Now, therefore, I, Francis T. Nich- tre in b
Soils Governor of Louisiana, do issue onl1 otl
t this, ilmy proclamation, enjoining upon take iii
'all persolis the mnaintainance of peace, tilie ti
iobsevance law and iproperl regard full d
for the rights of all persons, and 1 locks, i
recominlia the ceitivation of good on. wM
feeling and harmony amiong all clas- ian ly
sgeO FirNCis T. NICHIOLLS. their li
Governor of Louisiana. liol.
that M.
s "GOV" PACKARD'S 1'PROCLAIMATION. tols oil
New Orleanis, March 1.-Gov. Pack- theii.
ard this motning issued it ptoclania- brougli
ere tion convening the Legislature in ex- said ti
r tra session for' twenty days, cotimen-Iie
cing fronm the expiration of the reg not wti
Sular session to-day and specifying fire Mc
th the passage s of the general appropri- hours
t to ation bill and election of a United both ii
Statt S ent tor for the short tiern as the ex
i specid al objects to take precedence of exciter
all other business. the at
e to The Agony Over. tlo; ii
or Was hing.ton, March 2.-ouse- fatal r
After the vote not to count Solace's of war
N, vote, Randall announced the Chair comilli
7. had allowed estry Wi, gi tiiiatl; legislh ti
alive motion. The duty to ntotify the
SSenate is mnandatory. Several pro- A c
this positions were oer rruled, 'hen Cox t of
ni 3said there is no use h endeltvoring t" sight
ik- prevent thile Speaker froi cotlntilg in i S
liHayes at uice. 'The Speaker said the and It
it gentlement need not obj.ect, tle Chair te tl
theas no authority to reserve any mo- tim.
ents tion. At 11 o'clock the Senate en
ili tered, and Vermont was counlted for ldwn
SHayes and West Virginia hfor ' il'en, ti e ,
wi nd, finally, aftelr separation and twoe
hours' discissio.lli, Wiscolisini ai pistol
life counted for Hayes. At Ihatlf past. ger
when four, MIr. Ferry s:tid: "This con
clahiludse tihe colnut of ie 38 States; revol'
Ii the tellers will niow isceIrtainu adnd
life, deliver the reslt." Seniatoilr Allison, 1oi
i or one of the tellers, declared the vote scr
trol stood: Rutihe U. Htlayed 1l5, Slaiiielut
sJ. Tilden 184. Wht-efore I an- Pv
e tnounce Hayes and Whieler duly lind
elected P restiei t and Vice-lPresient
'for four years, commnelctig Mirclai
dg. 4th, 1877. There was a 1olitary hiss,.
The senato retired; the Hiouse ad- On I
jourteld, and tihe flag waiA dwered for after
aims thle first time since February 1s. ltial
bm is- Hayes arrived at 9 o'clock. It rain- ar
ed t orrents. Senattir Shernallt ac se
companicd !layes to the Hiuse. N, nor
nger one seents glad. There iltrle io clheer- sto'
'the liful congratilationl . rThose who din a
look so are sotrowftil and atrpeal tli'
and Prais3 from the Lododon. 'times- re.
of the Wshington, March 3.-The ion- 1no0
don Times this niorining lraise. te
a Democratic adie a for thleir iodera- like
ulth tion, andt thinks thliir codllulct will rr
shtbar- secure the entire synipathy of the io
)yfur- law abidinti Americant people who a ni
on are well able to appreciate modera- Imi
n tion and respect for consittitional i
ews restraints a Iolilg ptblic ltie l. IMr. g
lc y of Hayes' election cannot etcite g.manine o
itenthlusiabnl, exicept in those who re fee
hle ard politics as a gambling trickery the
agiahlne. It nmayv be reeived with ,nod
ofa ll, crate satisfaction ase an escape frot
ie tate the worse evil of the prolhngaioiu of f
iolexcitticfeiit or colilict of titles, bin t il
p tor. MHye, unfortunately, huis not thi
hri ly the n6ril weight necessatyl to ball ast
inrom a Reptblihcan adtlu i tiinitrion. Tit thi(
f efse situation being this, even with tliiu
ebest initentions, lit will .lfro~bably be
unable to carry into effect manryo t
the pledges of his letter to the Cnm
S cinlati codrv6ntiin. We truist our Iu
gnticipat ons may be wvrong, iadd
act any that Mr. Hayes may show uiiexpet
iek krd; ed force of clharacter aund con4ner the
iaide npathies of the .iiatkiL by an hon
tel t elind feat-Ieee tei, oriW policy.
Maddox as a Duelist.
i r :iltin'ur S:1n.]
Ali elpishde in thile enarly lif (i f li,.
Mladlox, which is well reI.ll lit ere' t
hv many icitizens of lltinllore; is Ii
pliclliilatioul in a fatal (1leil Eiuiii:
the Mexic;an ar with LIAeu!'enal
Mc.Phersnll, o.f Fredulick ('liuntl y ',l 'i
who acre familiar Nwith the details t;'
the affair, is ~lhstantitilly rs follow
lD)i .g lhe war tell riegitli't. f ill i
i lart I troops wirt' iiii t w lii e l lE
listed il the I lnited iStates t( , -
erinment, whic'h were disrillded aftifl
its close. O(ll llif thEsE' was thle Thiii
l)i.lglions, coln ml'ltlded by Co(lonel Fi
G. U . la ulert.ol`f Lt'l usInnhi ua With aijll ,'
Le',\ is (c , jr., soiln f G~rnll a l U'ii
tne half ithie reghiment, Iuiidr tihei
Sliciies, was slltationed I il Genet
t Zachiy Tilor's lin le at Mtier, tweli
I St-two ii miles ront I(inarlge, and tlli
iother portion, nii er the, Li iuten rlt
t Scott's coi niuiiiaiill at the city of Mex
t icol. The regiileli is considuee'
Olie of the most clective ni l e theBe:
vice, all of the ,ohllcers liiintg oltei'
' fl athith sohliery beatu ilg and itheir so.
ci al sitndini g aIt s geiltli in'llit. Onl e lof
lithe cllol m iln is ,ias riisedll ti l Sit y,
ind, iand two of its lieuteiatts weti
1,idldox and McPhersoi. Bith iof
lice rs wer\le fast friends, and highly
e cteentueil for their galltutry and pre
Uli possessing iiliappearance. At Mier .
s. ulddeln quarrel oEcilted lbetween tlh.
two while spending the tEvenitlg ill
tile ,llicers' llilitersi, vetr llt1 uten o-is
,e giveil in a heated Cellotroversy. Lib
o1 teniant lcPhl'itelsont ecate greatly exs
ii aspe attcd, andi challeiged Lieutenail
ielldlhhiax to lightt a duel. Mahiddo
Syielded a reluctanlt assient, anid fh
ll meeting tleook liace ait alil euII hliltif
id in the iiilriohing, near Mlier. Maddlil
re won the choice of weapons anll d se
lected a pair' of regilar d telling pis"
us tols. the distance waol ten paces;
it The first shlot was exchantiged nia,!
his neither party injuried. Te friienlt
c- of Maddlox. at his instailce, then askel
thie ciiliis lof M11iPherslln that tihE:
ihe duel shoudil end, but McPherston psl
to itively refused. A second shiiot wai
ng, exchanged without elit'?'t Mc'lher
soi Wias excessively angry at his fail
l-re in both trials and lbhisphrined tilth
weapons Used. lie demanded no;
e oliny other shot, but that they slthuilh
ltn take theih cavalryi ' Iils At ttha
ce, the the old "horse pistol." carryinrg
a full oilnce hall, hiad just beeni in:
id troved bly te addition of peic'ussior
l 1 locks, making it a Very deadly weall
od on. Maildde 's seondtis objlelcted polli
as- itively to this, as altogether iitregular
aild t foi some timie wild notl allow
their princilial to tincept tie prdiposi"
a. tion. Filnally McPhitisinlll detlirelt
that Maddox had taken duelling pis
. tols onily becaiuse n one could lus
ekthe l. laddox thenli snaidh, "Let hhin
lhave his way," aind the lellipotls were
lna- brouglt. Blfo, re the firing Maddorc
ex- said that hle Would have to wiint
in- McPhiertonl, hr ttere wouild nevtr be I
ternuination of the ifit'i, but lie dil
leg not wish ito kill him. At the third
aii tire McPherson full, and died in a few.
pri- hiours afterwiards. Thie bktring of
ited hbth meiln iln the tield wiit brave iit
I at the extreme; aliithough M.lPherson'.
e of excitement probaibly interfered witli
the accuracy of his aim. The cir
ienlstaclies were so favEorable to Mad
lox; in his iendieavo toi avoid til d
fatal result, that althIIoulih placed In
e- der nirest for vh1oll ion of Ithe ai'tilc lc
ce's ofwilr, General Wooll, Iio WtllS ilt
haili' com Iinld ,enver IIbrought to ,CAS I
isla tihal
ro- A CalifirIiii schioolliilnater who vil
Cox oIt of enipilyllenit andl fast losiig hi!
i g l sight wilked into iia sootllnig-galle$r'
a g IIi in San Fraticisco o ll feblriiy 13thl
I lttL and taking lip i large revillver flire
hlai two shoti at the target, liissing eaict
ll-ime. Appaiithy aiiiilyed lit hi"
een- poor shllothiog hoe str5 ., lE ilf wa\
t flo dsown the gaiilhsnry itnd tried again will i
den, the same ri'slfl, tind then, IoI the alml
I itwo azeiimenit oif all iresent, phiced flu
wl pistol toi his ear iand tilllied thb illig
astger. iefo'e the bystanldeir oeCilt
ion- prevlt him lihe put tlie iinatle of tihi
lte revolver hi hIis lnilluth and fired agtainl
a nd Upon his persl li wasl fniilll the tlol
hiti, lowing nOteC wrlinen in peiteil oni
ote scra llf li tiliiitr er I "lThoiias lig e"
aiiel UL.DP., disappolin'd an: wealry Elf littb
i- eyesigllht utterly fii , iln l oon bil
duly ilind."
MTcl re Wilsoi Co., (Gal el V iifet Iv
O nil- On Friday of hlat week, in tile eai1
e d foll fterinoonl on Clvingtoun stllet in so
it. Cial Circle, theie 4iecuiTelI hlot of thet
trl'in- ,tiange il hniiiiiiAInii that ever wiL.
iiac tsee' i elleirgi. It wftis ilthiig mla' I,
Lo neor $s thialii i g'ieiiie shIoiwer ilof
c her- stoines, vnoiinlg in size from a lllir
vio I a hei's egg to tlai t olf la liti'ls tIi
Itirle fists. The oEnes artile of ir'lreglirI
shatlie, of a dark gill.vsh color, iinte
pler edi with a lbiright, shiiy substancE
is esetlinhligt isiglass. Te sIihoweri
wlas very brhief, attld elhtendeld I t llt'
t ln- more than follur acrC of gronllll, ati
SPtte followed at eiplaoitve Otliuld iolt toi
iioera- ike cannninaitliii..A IrinickL\ tieICell
ct t ill pervalded the v'Iuhitt visheltld by ti,:
the lihower. lhllaPly, evtry ine excepjt
Ie h a negro' wol ani was in ool s at thi,
nodera- buP, else .illie one iighi hatt .bi' bt,.
tntional ininred. One iock, a. |l'e ?i. ii' man
it r i. two flsts, came nit str1killg this
,aonineom sani. As mnary Ei ia n E toill los
whtr feel on the roof Ef the eitloirs hiiuISe,
trikery though without doling mIuch iildatige,'
Titio of THERr fhas been a gleat slnbghti:
les, bitt 6f ctittfe in Nevada by railroad train;'
li lS not thiis winter. The sntotw has , ien .
a ballast deep that the atniinmals ilivA Ertnlih
dui t tr'icks folt Colii thlirl ie taniidiio
with 1Whplahiees, d ilpnlil tha: aptl'eirlane i::
ll b ba ft ili, after liakfiig frantic effo Its t,.
marty of scile the alin. i f snow lihihog, ito
thtCin - traclc, have been crushed im lagE'
itl0our iuibtis
an hon Chicago youth gave a florist ,!: not biy"
ing as. may bOuqnets as in. former via.'