No Capital
W hel you want a farmer to de
versitf his crops; to invest in
factories whereby he can sell his
cotton to the home spinner, he
tells you lie cannot, has it not,
nor can he get it, while if' lie were
to start in on the less cotton and
more cereal plan ire could at once
sell off the surplus tmnles he would
not require under the new order
of things. Three hundred sur
plus mules sold and the proceeds
invested in connection with our
town friends would start a Facto
ry costing $100,000. This situa
ted on the water power of Sib
ley's Lake would work up every
bale of cotton made in the parish.
By this means the farmer would
sell his cotton to first hands, and
would make all that profit now
given to the middle men. Let us
not then talk of "no capital," for
we notice that when a plerson
wants to go into exclusive cotton
planting, a b)usiness that does not
pay, lie can manage to borrow
mloney to buy three or four thou
sand dollars worth of mules.
COTTON PLANTING TO PAY DEBTS.
We have all along been of the
opinion that exclusive cotton
planting engaged in to pay debts
and mortgages, could not be suc
cessful-that it was not, our expe
rience in business has shown us
Every farmer goes on from year to
year hoping that next year prices
will be better-lie lives as it were
like many of our old planters in
the hope of a realization of his
Entopian dream ofa labor that will
gang like slavery, and be forced to
make crops by a physical power.
The 60 cents per pound for cotton
immediately after the war, has
ruined more farmers since than
can be counted. They think be
cause it then commanded that
price ft should now, forgetting
that the demand was great, and
of four years growth while the
supply was totally inadequate to
meet it. At present the demand
is for 3,000,000 bales, but the
farmers of the South rush 4,500,
000 into market every year, and
wonder why the price sinks so
low. As a general rule planters are
more in debt now than during the
first year after the war. lie will
continue to go in deeper until he
diversifies his crops-plants that
which will pay; produces on his
place what is consumed first-and
then cultivates anti sells his cot
fot for a profit, after he has made
his bread and meat sure. Plant
ing cotton to pay debts when it
costs 11a cents per pondm to pro
duce cotton, which the farmer
sells for 10 cents per pound, is
gambling on the hope of a rise in
the price, and the planter gives
the odds of 11t to 10. If farmers
are reduced to that to save them,
the best thing is to sell out, pay
all they can and start anew. Let
our farmers try 25 per cent of
ihei ecultivable lands in cotton,
15 per cent in corn, roots, green
crops and grasses, and they will
at once begin to make money and
them they can begin to pay their
debts.
What a Farmer Can Do.
On our alluvial lands fertilizing
if not required to a great extent,
still the yield of products is more
satisfactory and abundant when
they are used, and we have the
Best in the world in our cotton
Let us snppose a farm of one
hundred and fifty acres open land
eultivated as it slondcr be, whait a
sesult would flow from it:
25 acree in cotton, 25 bales '$50 $1250
25 " " corn 1000 bush 975e 750
50 " " oats and rye 800
35 " " Burmuda hl~y 000
"4S " clover, carrots, turnips
peas, beans, &c., 1000
1ow tliis can all bie dJone with
six hands, while the same in cot
ton and corn would require twelve
to fifteen hands, who would pl)ro
deuoe, say *6,000 in cotton and
torn at an expentce in cost of dou
ble the amount reqpuired to pro
duce $4800, and while there would
be no profit eemining to the es
elusive cotton planter there would
lbe to the diversified farmer.
Changing Seed.
Great diversity ol opinin etists
Ii reference to the propriety ofcchang
Ihgseed. A New York farmer of
same note contributes the following
viewe to the R/ra mre e
"It I anneeesary to refer to indk
vidkal assQe where seed ton has
ees. klept notbanged on the same
hvusmfor twenty, thirty o fifty years,
with Do degeneracy, but with marked
fi~provemeat in size and quality of
- le.by only the yearly selection of
i9 )II i eed, fir the ustez a
numerous, some farmners claiming
that, after selecting from the best
eared stalks, the yield has been in
creased twenty-five or fifty per cent.
On my own farm I have corn which
has been thus grown without change
dlring the past fifteen or twenty
years, and I am suie it has great y
imlroved in the size of ears and yield
of corn. The peachbhlow potatoes
have also been grown about the same
term, of years without change of seed,
with no appearane of running ont.
* * Driing the period of over for
ty years of farming on the same farm,
I have never but once changed seed
of grain or vegetable for the benefit
of change, and then with bad results,
for the seed obtained was not as good
as that on the farm, and the crop
grown walls not. as good, hlut have tlni
frmonly sown seed of my own growing
onlyv when new varieties have been
introduneed t tlhnht toi better than
the old. And i think tmy success in
croppin g has been as good as these
who have ipraticed ehange. Parst
ers may le ibeefitted often by change
of seied, if theI get seed more perfect
than that grown on their own farins,
but not othel wise.
Feeding Soft Corn.
Feed the soft ears of corn to milch
cows, a gain itn the flow of milk fol.
lows. Now stopi feeding these soft
ears, and give them the big ears, set
with hard kernels and it will at once
be seen how tmuch mnore good the soft
corn does them. If the cows are
over-fel, or perhaps should they have
but little of the hard corn, the ker
nel will be fitnd in the manure, unIu
tilized by the animals. In feeding a
herd of cows on hartld corn, sonic rcnws
will he always foundl not digesting
complletely the kernels. It is also
observed then when corn is sent to
mill before it, is sufliciently dry to
grind linte with the obl, it an utsatitis
factory feed. It does thlie cows less
good than we should expect, thus
clearly betra ing lthe fact that at this
time the mea;l is less nutritions, in it
self is less digestabtle thani minl mnlade
froui old col n.-Scienti ic Farmer.
The Reasons for Coming South.
1st. The lives of thousands who
are injuriously affected by the stid
den changes and extreme cold of
notrthern winters, will be prolong
ed.
.'d. Considering the social, edtu
cational and religious advantages,
transportation facilities, public inm
provements and fertility of soil,
the lands are cheaper here thant
in auty other section of the coun
try.
3d, Considering the cost of land
antl expense of tillage, a nunchi
greater net profit can be realized
annually in the south than is re
alized by the fitrmers in any of
the northern states.
4th. Owing to the long and
temperate suitnmer and mild will
ter the southern fthrner need nev
ier be hurried by his work, but
has ample time to carefully and
thoroughly cultivate his crops,
and prosecute successfully the
other operations of the farm. For
the business of stock-raising this
frature is of special importance.
5th. The title of emigrationl has
turned southward, and this sec
tion is destined to bIecome a
densely polpulated agricultural and
manufacturing region.
All fruit trees are liable under the
best of cultivation to lihave nre or
less insects harbor on tlhern. As soon
as the leaves havre fallen, will be
found a pirofitable season to paint or
wash them, bodies and all, the main
limbs and crotches, with some kind
of alkali wash. We ipractice puttinrg
up leach of wood ashes, anid nsinig
tihe lye tlhelefroln ; but a ,wash firout
comnmercial potash will perlhaps ie
eqinally good. The mingling a little
flour of sulphur or iciiinioni soot, so
as to form a thlin paint, is by some
counted better than the clear lye.
Hlorticulturist,
In these hard times there is a great
deal of conmfolrt in the thought that
an acre of tland will prodnlce jist as
nmany bushels of corn, antd a bushel
of easrn just as many plouuds of pork
as in the flush of business after the
war or the days of specie paymients
befote it. All we need rnmw is to he
free from the burden of debt, lwhich
we incurred when money was cheap,
and taxation which tnever seemis to
shlri ink or be delayed. We iunst set
tle down to work with a will andI
struggle onas best we can, but never
lose heart nor stop working.
Sweet Potatoes, Virginia Style.
Pare, wash and boil a sufficient nuam
ber of small light-colored sweet pota
toes, peel them while hot, put them
in a vegetable.dish, season with a
very little salt, pour over somnie par
tially nmelted butter, put the lid on
the dish and serve very hot.
Orange Fritters.--Peel the oranges,
part them in quarters, take all the
seeds out, boil them for 5 minutes in
a light sirup, drain them well on a
sieve, imtnerse them in a ligJt batter
and fry themt quickly in plhnty of
clear, very hot lard; when they are
of a lighlt brow' color, drain aInd
pare themi; sprinitkle powdered sngar
over and serve on a folded napkin.
HIot-Slaw.--Cut the cabbage in fite
shreds; ptt it in a e~ucepan with
salt, pepper, 2 tonces of butter, a
glass of white wine vinegar and 2
glatsses of water; set the whole on a
brisk firer boil quickly for 20 minutes,
drain in a strainer, dress in pyrami
dal form on a flat dislrr and send to
table..
Potato Cakes.-Prepare a sufficient
quantity of thick mashed potatoes
lightly buttered and passed through a
colander ; add the yelks of eggs, min
gkle well, and cook &uminutes longer;
pl the whole in a dish andi let cool;
when wanted roM. them down on a
loured table, give them the size and
shape of eod-fish balls, dip them in
beaten eggs, then in yellow-meal
flour; fry them in hot lard; see that
they are of a clear yellow color, and
ervre them on a folded naD)kin.
MONTGOMERY BLAIR, Editor.
Published Every Morning (Sutn
days excepted) at
927 D STREET N W',
Washington, I). C.,
BY HIENRY 0oI.KINIIO'N.
Address, Box 484, City P. O.
The UNION is served by carriers to
subscribers at Io cents per week, or 50
cents per unothl. Single copies, three
cents. By mail, (plostage prepaid.) l0t
cents pt ri month, or t.i7.01 L per o:ear. All
sublscriptions jliust be paid in\variably in
adlvance.
The UNION will be sent to clubhs at
the rate of 'd per year, postage prepaid.)
Rates of aldveritlsing furnished on ap
plication.
Newsdtalers ordering; TiuE l'iONX will
be suplplit'! at the usual rates. The
utolºey iitlllt inlvartiably l compantllilly the
order.
All bank chelks itnst lie stamped.
Post otlite orders arel pretlerable.
Al l ltlisi ,its ctltilttllin i tttic tions misu t lihe
tddlressed to the "'Iulllishet r oftl he IUnion.ll'
Thle 'liiion is conduicted onl entirtely
cash principles.
The U'nion is the onily Democratic dai
Iv piublished at the seat of (iverilieiiit.
It is dedicatetd to the li.lljtssioinatt ilis
eilssionl of the ev'ents antd issues of the
hour. In the llangnage of the initial
editolrial, "tilei inunediato objec't sought
in the estallishiinent of this paper insto aid
in ptr'eveiniting I he nation fromt heitig shub
je tt'l tod the ills whlich must result frolll
placiing its ('Chief Magistracy in aheyanice,
and frustrattingl lte great reforslll of ald
ininiistrationi and tittance decreed biy lthel
vote of Ntetiutier, and we ihopile so to
endtlnet the paper as to denitristrat its
utility to the countryv at large, and to
securei' sluch support ftrom the people as
to assure its siccess and eitrl'a Vency.
º PRIME ENJOYMENT FOR A YEAR.
Less than fottur Cents ca Week.
MAKE Ill)ME ATTIA('TIVE BY INTRO
li'CING
' IE S i1L 1 IEVEIIII0 PST.
Which for more tIhan 55 years has beel
the best
1STORY, SKETCII & FAMILY PAPER
as is well known all over the United
SStates. It is puiiblished weekly. contains
eight large ptLages. clearly prinlted on gtood
lipaper, tilled with thei chliicest stories aind
sketches tby thei best writelrs; noi sen
satioial trash, but such as a miother is
willing to have her childreii read. The
whole tone of the paper is pure and el
etvating
It also containis illistorieal and Biogra
iphlical articles : Scientitic; Agricullural
itnd It uisehold Departrtentis : Fashion
Article weekly, fresh antd excelledt ; lHi
Ittt'orois Notes ; Literary Reviers: News
Notes : Boy's anid GirlIs' ('olliuns
and Sparkling; Editorial, etc., etc
just such is a paper as eve\'rybody lov'es to
read, anll the plrice is only
TWO DOLLARS A YEAR.
Sample copy containling elubs rates. etc.
sent on receipt of a 3-cenit stamp. Address
NO. ,650 BEINS'TT & FICTHi,
7:G Snllsonl Street, Philadelphla, Pa.
N. B.-Be sure and affix the numlbert
;50 before BIE;NETT & FI.rIe , so that wo
may know through what ilaper the sub
sc'iptionl com'es.
FARMERS AND PLANTERS
SUIBSCRIBE FOR
RURIL SOUTIlLASD
FO i TilE YI"AlI 187. d
It is the Leading and Oldest Week
ly Agricultural papetr in tlhe Solluth; M
contains everythinug of \alhie suitlthie
to SouthTnri Agricuilture, such as the
culturllle of Cottonll, Sllugarl Rice, Tobac
Sco. Corn, Wheat, Rye', Oats, Peas the
Grlasses, Silk, Ramllir, Moss, Potatoes,
Turniips, Cabbage, etc., etc.; the rids
illg of all kiilndsofStock for tile South;
the cultoure of all kinds of Frlits. such el
as Peach'es, l'cPears, Apples, Orallges,,
Figs. Lemlons, Pineapples, Jlapain
Plums, Graptls, Ponliegrlaites,, etc.,
It contailns a chloice departmlellt for the
Faniily Circle gives all the News in a
colidtensed forl ; gives also the latest
New Orleiisn Market Reports; and
coltliains iilanly Valiuable Rcc1ipets for
use on tihe Flrli aidt Pllintaltion, as
well as inlilly Useful Facts for the
FamIily, the KItclhen, or the Sick Room.
The paper is printled fromil clear, nIew
typel, a11 conltailis sixteenI pagIs of
valuable matter every vweek. The 13th
vollluml cOiImmonces JailnLary, 1S77.
The Subseription price is $2.50 per
yelar, post-palid, * 1.5(i for 6 nililltis, or
25 cents for one month, in aldvanic.
Addlress -
Our Ilomie Journal and Rural South
lund, NEW ORLEAN~S
TIrI, SUN,
1877 NEW YORK. 1877
The difftert i'dlitiMos of THER Sl lhriling
the next yeir will be t e I samie as luring tihe
year tlht has jnsat Ipassei. 'The daily addition
will on week tla'tsbe a sheet of ftur pages, ,or
56 broad colutins; while tlhe weekly edition
will be a sheet of eiglt pages ef the stanie dituen
silils andt ciutrastet tat i're alreladly fanuliliar to
our friends.
THE SUN will continue to be tbh stretnlsu
advocate of roform and retreichmunelt, and of
the substitution of staltesianship. wisdom, andt
integrity tfor holtw pretelict. ilnbeeility, andi
fraud in the admilnistration of public nfflhis. It
will contend ftr the government of the people
by the people antd fir the people, as opposetl to
governmiienlt by frallts in thie baillot bos aml in
the counting of votes, enforced i- iilitary
violence. It, will endeavor to supplyl its read.
era--a body now not far fronm a million of souls
-with the mout earetll, complete, and trust-.
worthy accouitis of current evenlts, andti will
elipoyl tfor this purpone a nlrucerolis and cart
fully selected stafftof reporters and correspoun
dents. Its relpourts fromn Washington, espt-cial
ly, wil hefifull, acenrate, anlt fearless: and it
will doubtless continue to deserve and eljuoy
the hatredt of tho'e who thrive by pluntderlnug
the Trealsury or by usurping what the law does
not give themn, while: it will endeavor to merit
the confitdence of the public by definding the
rights of th peo ple against the eucroachlumeus
of unjnstfitledi power.
The price of the d:ily SUN will be 55 cents
a month or 0O 3O a year, post paid, or with
the Sunday edition $7 tO a year.
The SUNDAY edition alone, eight pages
l1 2O a year,.poat paid.
The Weekly SeY, eight pages oa5ti broad col.
nmns, will oe furnished during 1877Vat the rate
of $1 a year, post paid.
The benefit of this large reduction from the
previous rate for the Weekly can be enjoyed by
individual subecribers without the necessity of
making up elubs. At the same time, if any of
our friends choose to aid in extending our cir.
calatiou, we shall be grateful to them, andti every
sutch person who sends us ten or more subscrt.
bers from one place will be entitled to one copy
of the paper for hdmself without charge. At
one dollar a year,posthge paid, the expenses of
paper and printlIt are barely repaid; and, con
sidering the size of tile sheet anl tlo qnality of
its constenta, we are confldet the people will
consider the Weekly SeN tile cheapest newar
per published in the world, and we trust also
one of the very beat.
Addrss. THE SUX, Xcew York City, X. Y.
L? Get your printing done at
the V tDnaTo'3 Job Otio,.
Our Friends
Should subscribe at once, and
get up Clubs for the
PFIOFI'XS VINDICA1TO
FOR 1877.
--.oo.---
Our inducement to Clubs are lib
eral.
- 00---oo
ILOOK HERE!
We will let each of our old Subscribers who pro
cures us one new Cash subscriber at our usual rates,
Ihave the VINDICATOR one year for Two DOLLARS. That,
is, both subscribers can get the paper for Foua DOL
LAIRS AND FIFTY CENTS.
Club Rates.
Single copies..................... $2 50
Ten copies to one address............... 22 50
Twenty copies to one address............ 40 00
A copy of either, the
People'"s Vindicator,
Saturday Evening Post,
New York Weekly Sun,
N. O. Weekly Democrat,
Leisure Hours,
Furnished extra and free of charge, to each getter up
of a club of ten subscribers.
CAShl must accompany every order.
Remit by Draft, Postoffice Order or Registered Letter.
JOB WORK.
Our Office is supplied with a splendid assortment of
Job Type and Liberty Job Presses,
and we are determined to do as good work as New
Orleans, and as cheap.
BLANKS,
POSTERS,
CIRCUL ARS,
BILL HEADS,
LETTER HEADS,
BRIEFS,
PROGRAMMES,
BUSINESS CARDS,
and all kinds of work executed with neatness and
dispatch.
Address,
3j. . COSGROVE,
EDITOR AND PUBLISHER,
.IPEOPLE'S VINDICATOB, Nachitoches, La.. P, 0, Box, 120
OUR COUNTRY !
WHAT WILL
Become of It ?
Is the question no1w agitating the public
miind.
lhe grave issues before Congress; the
linal settlchucnt of the late l'residential
election ; the incomeicing Congress ; the,
new Presidecnt; t ite Policy of the netx
Adminiiistration; i ni d fiutuire welf'itaire fit
thie corunctry aindl Ipeopll, are' malIttcrs of'
great interest to cch iand .every individu
al. Such a crisis has not beien prese.nted
silice til Declarcation of Iclidependi ce.
A Tl'rnthfiil If istory of events. aild do
ings of Congress will ie gien with in
partiality anld fairness in the
CINCINNATI ENQUIRER,
a Slplic slpirited ipaper echoing the wish
es to thl l 'Iolle,' advocating sibmissiion
to the Laws, good (\ernc'llllllclt, :ctind the
Rights of the people to iºe h:eard nprnl all
lia:lttl'rs tIhat pertain to tilhe co)lllltry's
welfare.
The Trickv Politicians, alwayvs ready
to orLganizce trioclll', but who tne\ver L 'ar
ticipate ill danger, will lie (''iliwf ltip ill
their true characters. ly subs.crihing
fir the Ec'ncirr, you will get a faithful
record of vctllts as thicn" tranlliri., witih
out Party Coloring and uchii;Ised l pea
ty ti-elings. as thic truei, fri- lit inl a icnews
papper is its ablility and willingness to
give the
NEWS AS IT COMES,
and not as it is prelpared by ,party henma
gognes tIl misiead the le"'ople. Speinicniv
copies friee.
Terms of Subscription.
FO" WEEKLY.
Single (oly, on ye:ar............. $2 011
Five Copies ..$1 75 each...... 75
'en " .. I 60 " .....10 (i(
Twenty " ' .. 1 50 "O .....30 00
1()iR 1)AI LEY.
W uihnut Stid lcn I . With Setunday Iaue.
By Mail,. one 1ear ..I HI ln Il Mail I Fear $14 l0
Six Monthsl....... e; Six Mi lintlis..... eoi0
Three Moni h s.... : ' hr1 ,1 e, Montlcs c.. ::
One Monillt ......... 5'I (ti' e Moult, ..... I 1 5
Most liberal terl'ns to chili agetnts. Senlti
for specilnc ll copies Inlii ai'genits;' outtit.
AgCents wanted at edv'ery Iiost-oflice.
Adhdiress all letters to
FARAN & McLEAN, Put'i.cISuIc:tNs,
Cincinnati, Ohio.
GOD
BLESS
OUR HlOMES is the nahirc of the most
elegant French Oil Motto Chromo ever
issued. The motto is surrounded by one
cif the mnost exqlniste and richly-colored
wrelatihs of Ice'autifuil flowers on dark
biackgronild, anid is er'ifect icc all its die
tails. It is 11 x 15, We send this imotto
chromlie aniid the II()STON WEEKLY
U LOE11:, i ;argei eight page family, story
anid inews lpaper, with agr'icultuiral. chess,
ipuzzle, hloisehihl, :ndi all cilipular de
lipartinets, 3 imothsli, for only G0 cenits.
Cichrouio ald paler, G moiits for S1. A
heautiful gift. Agents wanted,
Address,
nlK KLT Q~L9g,
238 Washdingtonl street,
|I )STON, MASS.
THE BEST PAPER, TRY IT.
POSTAGE FREE,
Beautifuidly Illustrated.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN now in
its 30th year, enjoys thie widest circnla
tion of aiy weekly liewspapellr of tice kicnd
iu thie worldl. A new rulumhie conuienices
.Jacccuary 4, 1875,
Its colltecits enlbrace tlie latest antid liost
iinterecsting infoirmaitiol pertlaiining to the
Industcril, Mechanical, acid Scielitific Pro.
gri'ess of the World; Descriptioiis, with
ileaitifll Enigralviillgs, of New Inventioli,
New Process's, :nct JImprcoved lndcstries
of all kinls; Usefull Notes, Recipes, Sig
gestions anild Advice, Icy Practical Writers,
for Worlkneln ailld E]lpnloycrs. ill all the
variious arts.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN is the
cheaplest anil best illustraiiteil weekly pa
ler lllpli~shed, ]Every nuniber contains
fromi 10 to 15 original engravicigs of hew
machinery anid inovl invcentions.
ENGOltAVI\GS, illustratingt Iclprove.
ilents, Discovecies, and Impliortant Works,
pertaiicig to Civil aid Meclhaiiical Engi
niceriig, Millinig, Mininig and Mectallurgy;
Records oif tie latest progress in the A1c
licltions oef Steamn, ,tearn Enigilieeriig,
RIaiwacys, Ship lnilhling, Navigation,
Telegrclphly, Telegraiph Enginie-rfing, Elec
tricity, Magnetism, Light and Heat.
FAllMEIRS, MIchanics, Engineers,
Iliventolrs, MclnUfactirers. Cheliists, Lov
ers of Science, Teachers, Chergyien, Law
yers, aud Peolile of all Professions, wilI
find the SCIrKvrIFIC AMEIchCAN iieBtfil to
them. It slhonld have a place in evi'ry
rFalnily, Library, Study, otffice, and CoUlit
illg Rooci!; in every Reading Rooim,
College, Academy or School.
A year's a nmUbers coitcini 832 pages and
SEVERAL HUNDilEl Exn;IcVciGNs. Thou
sands of violIimes are perserved for bind
ing and reference. The practical receipts
are well worth ten times the suhscription
price. Termus $3 20) a year by mail, in
cluding postalge. iscfin to 0 Clucrse spe
cimens sent free. May be had of'all News
Dealers.
PATENTS. In connectionwith
AMtERICAX, Mbesrs. MUiNN & Co. arce
Solictors of Aiic'icanll alid Poreigci Pcitelits,
and have tlhe largest entblishinlcit in the
world More than fifty thousalnid appllic~J
tions have been miade for hcatentA through
their agency.
Patents are obtained on the best terms
Models of New iiveuntion# and sketches
examined and advice Iree. A special
notice is made in the Scientific American
of all Inuventions Patented through this
Agency, with the iname and resident of
the Platentee. Patcilts are often sold in
part or whole, to persos attracted to the
invention by such notice. Send for
Paimphlet, 110 pages, Jaws and full di
rections for olbtainini Patents.
Address for the Paiper, or concerning
Patents, MJnN & Co., 37 Park Iow
N. Y. Brach Office, cor. F'aul 7th Sts.
Washinton, D C.
Janny }1875.--l
ALL PAPERS QUOTE FROM IT!
THE
Detroit Free Press.
The liveliesl of fhmily newspapers, full
of interesting news, literature, humorous
sketches, spicy parraºaraph, etc. Samplpe
Copies free. Subscription $2 00 a year,
post-paid. Address
DETROIT FREE P1RSS.
Detroit. Mich.
'77 ThE PEOPLE'S PAPER f
THE LOUISVILLE WEi:KLy
Courier--Journal
The Great Nationul Family Newspaper1
Combines tho experience, ability and
tmi:terial reoirces ofl thr.ee old-time Lou.
i.ville' newsijpaers of nttional repute`
tlie Louisville C(orier, Louisville Jour.
ial and Louisville I)emocrat-and is for.
titli.d in the retlt..ct and contidence re
tsuiting from nenarly half a century of
their individual 8and comldined uceeeu;
'Tihe \V. .kl Corier-,Journal is nlot
mtre hasty hotet-pottcl thrown froii the
(1:oily edlition, but a complete, , ablespicy
family n(wslpa'per, carefully and iuteili;
gtlitly edited in cviy coluiinu and pall.
graph.
('hire firomt 225 standard hooks, or any
one of tit Ie aling nlagai.es or illustra
t( d periodietals for ia I1t'(` pittance il
atdditi n1 to the price of the Courier-Jour.
al atone.
I'n1ENT1'ICI'S POEMS ael the Weekly
C('ourier nal ,n,1 e v,.r o" r eau f .
A splendid Map of the South, site
•Ix 3. iuethes,. hand.some.y colored, var
nishedt t11(1 hung on ruOlers, retail price
$2.0(, will be presented to ieach subscri.
Ihr to the Weekly Co 'trier-Journal wht
sends us 12.01;
T'rin`i. $2.0111 a yealr, postage paid. Lib;
(Iril' otlers to clubs of tive or mIllore. Spe
cililnen co(p!y and descriptive circular free
to anv address.
Adllress W. N. IIALDEIMAN,
PneIs. Courier-Journal Co.. LouinviUll, £j
TIIE WV(iO LD
FOR 1877.
The New York World for 1177 Daily/
G"lnº-Weekly a;nd W\eekly, will he found
to lie the clheapest al hesatl t newspape
published in the' lUiited States. It will
lie prilltd i a ill i imllproved formll withner
typi' nonil the Iest paIper, and no expeng
or lalor will be spal:red to maintain itin
every deliartmlent at te higliest possible
stalndard, an tlo conllllnend it in all rec.
jetts to tlle confidenlle and approval of
the hest classes in the commniunity with.
o:lt regard to political opinions or relig:
ious ditlierences.
It will lay before its readers:
'irll N:Ews F1- TIlE I)AY of all kindsand
from all lularteres; bry mail and by tel
graph, carefiully colidensed and lucidly
arrallgedl, Slpecitl attenltion being given to
:ll C('onuntereil, Legal, Financial. Social,
anldl P'olitical Transactions in the City of
New York tlnd the lUnited States.
Fuit. RiEI'oiurs, Reciting and Illustra.
tintg all Conglressiolial and Legislative
proceedings at 'Washington and Albany;
all Meetings of importance, Religious,
literary, EInllCationlla . Scientific and Pol
itical ; all Social Events, gay and grave,
anld IPtrisonal Information of interestid
the public.
ClIIIESI'SN'PDENCE, expressly preparrd
for this journal by a permanent staff of
aiccompilished resident writers at all cen
tres of interest throughout the world.
LrreltnAr N\t:w and REVIEws, by which
our readers will be kept advised of every
thing worthy of attention in the current
Literature of Europe andl America.
Criticisms of all notable worksand
nlotices ft" all notable events in conniction
with Musisc, the Dra)lna, Painting, Sculp
ture andl all other branches of Art.
Ellitoral Articles upon every subject of
prelsenlt interest or importance.
For the pltritcipleh' by which The World
will ie governed in its disculssion and
tre:tllnent of the publllic questions, it will
sullice to slay that Tihe World, while con
servative ill politics, desires the conseva
tioll onily of what is good and wise in oar
public inlstitions and no limitation uponlloa
thle r.ighlt ofr IrlVilate jlldgmllelt _d the
--r'-.-"o . il.guEliI. BIivtlO m
tirlh'iuilol,ed bi u'ueuC-Jtrl1 it n
a ratitional respclerct for vested riglhts andl
for the honest opiunious of all classes and
sects eof titeni. While it has labored for
the priiciple's aiud hails tile tlrunph of
the ImtlnOocratic party as afforLillg l1s5
Ipractictil prolnise of ReLrmllu in our publi.
" lininustrations, city, state land nutional,
it will not be blindly devoted to the ad"
VIlllClemlleit of any party or any cliql
It will frteely canvass the public conlduct,
whllile it will tretat with reslpect thepri
vate riglhts, of Public lMen, and it will cx
almine fe;arlessy into the workings ofoor
naltional, state and municipal govera
inments.
It will inlcnlcate steadfast telianhc
ullpon the original principles of our poli
tical system as the only sound basis of all
ue'dedl imluporvetent therein ; an unfalt
ering dlevotion to the Constitution amd
tihe Union, a scrululous tidelity tothw
Tpirit as well as the letter of our lawsw
and a sleepless vigilance in maintainiag
all the great safegurads of Civil sna
lReligious Liberty. It will seek to mit
igate and not to aggravate the evils in
separable from Party Governnent in s
Free Country; to promote golod and not
ill feeling aniong oar fellow-citzens of all
creeds and colors, all sections and all
sects; and to advance both by its pun
eepts and by its example the reign d
Reason and of Law over prejudice rd
passion in all mr public action and Ia
the dliscussion ofl'all public affairs.
it will do justice always, to the bestd
itsability to all men and to all elaesesde
men ; it will recognize no enemies but th
enemies of good morals, public order anad
the law; it will endeavor, in a word, to
make its colnmns a terror to evil-dose
and a praise to them that do well.
Nor will it lose sight meanwhile of t1
great and legitimnate demand of the
reading public for entertainment. The
WORLD will keep ifs readers informtud
of all that is amiusing as well as of all
that is momentoes in the nlovements d
society and will spare neither troubkle
nor expense to provide them with a Vi
riend animated anld accurate picture of thU
times in which we live.
TERMS-POSTAGE PREPAID.
Daily and Sundays, one year, $9.50f
D; irlyonths. i: thl m ths. &.5O
•Daily withont BBuan s, one year, Yf
six months, $4.o5; three months, $2.25|
less than three months, $1 a month.
The Semi-Weekl'y World (Toeeay
and Fridays)--t'wo Dollars a year. T.
Club Agente---An extra copy for clab o
ten; the Dailfy for club of twenty-five.
The Weekly World (Wednesdays)- 0n
Dollar a year. To Club Agents-An ez'
tra copy for club often; the Semi-Week'
ly for club of twenty; the Daily for clak
of fifty.
Specilmen number seat on application,
T'erns---Cashb invariably i advance.
All conmunieations should be addretv
ed to THE WORLD,
Corner Park Row and Beekman Street
New York.
fit St lle fnt i
Patent Metal Lined,
These Pumpe arenot
excelled in finish or'
worrnership, and the
obje~ions to the cog
mon Wood Pump
caused by the gradual
wearing of the borel
in this pump obviated
by a metallio spring
Semple, Birge & Co.,
anWrTcrTaUse or PArItcULYrUru4LrI
MBZTI AND BPJLVIALTIMS IN HAaDWhB4
3 Seash rali Strees, It. L.lsl, 3M
lI Pllms slateta In wbai rpee ies rtii