\i'(i I a t)(I I:'
Tj I'.
1V . u.l. . il .
,ill d i : t' 1l tt l ,jl n 1 (1 . L  t. :, II
o"nce : on l s c.ill.", th 'n 1 1u. '1' 11l I; 1w.' i,
\a'i ,'u. t.: ,, h ,.t v ,r ,u-i~- t
ltv :it cohlt iti, e l ;nt Ie (f I;:".-,s and i
gentl"'ene! w\::re.
«'e h e h.,d v1 , r'Y ch~tl:,,.: alhh
eveatlher dutl _ in ;: t l , v,', tw~ee . ;;,,ene
rain, uI111e('I .',i , t I :n,! lt( etllher t t r
d oisg toge  . ( 'ott( l n., toinles to
d(otgw nil jtii Wtl l i iis e ,A it
always dot':: hche.:lr at .;c. Tper pound
tich t1.1,h0, ,oxvex'trs, lh, ylnd the
purchae of a small q(antity of ;ro
ceries ; 1u int:", il !,;! "]n . is tlat.
• ' v
Go to McColl!- Pro., tot fresh
drugs and medicines.
Try the fr..slh 'Trx:s t1ulr of Mc
Cook & Biro.
lhe, riw'. ' is onl the list--reporhtd
'22 iilches at (hanld Ecare. Thie D rnut
took out cou toil at . c. ) ,º. ,I ale:. ,.I.
)rown informs us that there is no
diffieculty in con'ing up tnow, lIt that
the boats must be p1ulcld out at the C
nlout owingl to the strong crrenlt t
that las set in firom the rising Mis
sissip)pi river. The "branch" above
was reported as risinng.
Pitkin, at the :u,,ggestio:l no donlt n
of Breda and Blnut, has sent for wit- ti
ýesses from this pi ish to testify, we u
suppose, to a pack of stocked lies in 1
order to count in Breda and Blunt
and that sweet pink Smith. t
It makes but little difference what
is to be proved, the parties gone down I
will swear to anlything that] Pitkin I
may want.
100 sacks of rust-proof oats at Mc
Cook & Bro.
The constitution provides that elect
ors sha.ll be chosen in the respective
States of the Union upon the first
Tuesday after the first Monday in
November in every four years. Ver
mont elected on that day an ineliga
ble person as elector and the legis
lature elected another person to fill
the vacancy occasioned by such an
election on the 17th or ten days after
the lawful day. How is that for the
constitution which says "all electors
shall be chosen on the game day" ?
We call panrtieular anttentinn to the f:
advertisement in this weeks paper of o
"Homes for Sale." If steady white e
people with small capital want the v
rich lands of the Red River valley c
'they can now buy them on terms far t
cheaper than renting. Mr. Charle- I
ville is an enterprising citizen and i
represents a large quantity of lands
all of the finest and he is fully pre- i
pared to grant bargains to first class i
wvhite settlers. Call or address letters
for information at Cloutierville, La.
The editor of this paper will furnish
information on application by letter
or otherwise.
Onr people are very fretful nnder
the strain of excitement of the past
month. It pains us to be unable to
relieve their anxiety Nvigl one grain
of hope. Our columns tell but the
details of the outrage, and time alone
will develop our bitter end.
THEY TooK THE TOWN.--A party g
of Texans slightly nnder the ihfluence left,
of whisky captured this place on L
Wednesday last without a struggle wa0
The fire of arms made the wilken thli
ring; doors were smashed and oar he
rulers, the negroes, ran for dear life. the
The radical officials, who are for four tiek
years to come to rule this country thl
coweled in their houses like craven oti
curs, bouncing, no doubt, like "Jack [i'
in the box" at every sound of the "
Winchester.
What a sad commentary on govern- R@e
ment is this andi what a had begin
ning. These rulers must expect no of
help from s--they have swindled th
themselves into position and must do an
the best they can. We are well pre- vi
pared to take care of ourselves.
TIIE FIRST GUN OF THE NEW ' (OR
DER.-The fruits of the late canvass
are now being gathered, and Blunt's
teachings as well as the "how the
niggers went back on us" will be ful
ly developed.
One Lacy, a negro radical henchman
man, shot and killed a negro boy who a
lives on Mr. Cammack's place on
Little river, on Saturday last, pub- (
licly proclaiming when he committed
the deed that
IT WAS ORDFR
to shoot all c'enoclatie niggers and
there was one, he was ready for an
other.
We had hoped that the matter of
negro rule in this State might be set
tled peaceably amnd without extermi
nation but it seems not.
The whites are fast recognizing the
utter hopelessness of their even ivring
here without resistance of some sort
and we take this occasion to say that
the negro had best move out before
the storm comes.
SWhat we .ean. '1
So,,e (;tf our fL ienlS, who pei lly tone,
l:e ith i s ill opinin as to nst thla t
(I.o:ts, think we were rather to se- him
vte in or lnst issnle Ipon the Nor
ihr l)m nocrIt, nil think we onght a
''to " i\ e' Ul l('l 4 cl( "'' to dlo soniC- '
ti ,'g ,efolre we So heart'ly eniid(ll titnt 1
tl Im. 1:'lh:l1pily for us. oIlthe South, t
that (iitini fo4r thei Democrats North full
to 1u HI.tithin, hIas well niogh ruined Of it
S!e,, '-el u1; do not them .s bel ieve shtat
ttat they hill do anything beyoml a
111per prtoCesi, which will lhave as lit
the ftlrc e anlld lfiit ct : so nIu'ch willl.
T'I'lo show our fliends tli:t we are not ter
iii 1lpr(.lltilre in thus plaitting the sitila- a
toli ; ini this stating lbohliy to o011 bli y
lie d le the int' , cl oertii ve r it t drecis- e
he ,t ni uiht lloiii, we propose4 to4 gi ce
t' he:.i ; the c ;ºo 4 1and ve ft hl -
" IsYill't't| I'C w1ii see we :are lint f.1r"
o from l it. il these reasons  t( oiit it
it liiv' cin e otlhle , thel we leaice time to
uida said in t 'C
' dei: de, leing certain th:at that cmlet
o 1h4 ~ ill suhin our hypothesis.
L( ' Thi o lii, tie '0otr'l a(ndr other hith-i
havre .ail i(1; lain worVls , a blut thi, till (
ill rilri In to thei C of l iio (.4i4 hl
pr slt,(.n Thi e Kll l:iurril kthl l eif
Itny Cof his ihi lother uth ernlt ri Stte ie
' ht'd " li lm lay i'" tlhe:;e lilea nlt, I sdill./
return .i'. Ihan t4s, /il l t herie il hei
4nit I ( notice, n (t is fr n settl r tile flo th 1
Iit- t le H ld Il ch 4th e4 4u il l p; t]i
in Thle. eThe YAoriol, the or1: ' these
Iunt ,o1rk Dmocc, '.\t'rys tie iAC
h Iat' "su!r coat," nd rwe s ret. lut the fel
(Cl pu licail liadoe's will, ini til'e net, dig
deewn their od grto ves thand ith ole
iyearck hn thy will be luy lrliSS d if t th
out hope of result eel ion."
Theow abomer e itali.i ficnz t fplacs ft,
lit. notiCe, acll is frtingsn article fro
wtit- the ction wich the all t uill be t
W wecithout commLnit avl4 fully indoI'se .
s in The New York World, the organ of
Hnt New tork Democracy, says the lsain
thing in other words, and with mtre
tvhat "sugar coat," and we are almost ful
town ly ipreparted to say that the whole
itkin pack of the party press of the North
ern Democracy will yelp in chorus at
the lit els of these "openers."
Mc- Now comes another significnut fact,
which is, that no State Democratic
ictorganization save Ohio, has made a
oive move to call meetings to denounce
first the action they all admit will be ta
ken by the infamous scoundrels in
this State, .nd to preonre to protect
eliga- their liberties. They are all peifectly
legis- sileit--slent as the grave. Upon
e fil the above facts we based our attack
last week oni the Northern Democrats,
and our friends will certainly see v
that if we hMve hurt any ones tender inay
Democratic toes, we had at least good such
cause to stamp rather hard. to p
Leaving out of consideration the ti
fact that the Nortlher Democratic lino
F organization gives forth no sound of op
eneunragentelt to their dupes, the peon
whites of the South now that en- Mnil
couragement is wanted, what does to t
r the."Iwo years hence" burying the this
- Radical party mean to us here in Lou- igh
1 isiana P Is there a man who is not a nd
S drivelling idiot, that dtoes not know it Pa
- means political and physical annhila- the
is lion. The man that dares raise his nt
s voice in behalf of this section, when the
. this villainy now being planned has sil
Ai been conslmnated, \ ill be stamped Lo
?r out instantly. ha
Idiocy and venality will rule the sul
hour, and liberty, virtue and capital, be
or will expire in this State amid the
At shouts and yells of the brutal mob f
of miscreants, whom Grant's bayo- w
in nets have foisted upon us thrice, and au
which will sustain them as before. D
Ti 'I'here is no hope for us but in our p
owuselves--submission will not miti- w
.t. gate our end--resistance is all that is in
1e left, let suivillers cant as they may. o
on Let our people prepare for the a
gle worst. Let them know at once that
-en this reliance on others to right wrongs
our that we only suffer, is futile. Let ,
ife , them know that our rights and liber
our ties must no longer be subjected to
itry the trembling fear of succor from f
yen others who have no interest in us i
ack save as it helps or injures themselves;
the who have no love for us save to the
extent of putting money in their pur
ern- ses or power in their hands.
in- What we want is for the white men
t no of Louisiana to take "their case" in
died their own hands and die, as they will
|t do anyway, fesisting the outirages andt
nre- villanies of the Grant-Packard crew.
The BEST the market affords and t!
well served, at Bulrdick's Boarding
House. II
---~c----
Fancy scarfs, shawls and cloaks at d
McCook & Bro. r
n STA:BNG AFFRAY.-We learn that
o a diflimlty occurred at Campte on
n Saturday last between Mr. A. M.
,- Garrett and James Graham. The
d origin was in the settlement of some
cotton gined by Garrett, so we ascer
tain, in which words came to blows,
,d and Graham, upon being struck by
n- Garrett, usEd his knife pretty freely,
inflicting several wounds, one of
of which, iu the right side, is dangerous.
t- Our last reports Mr. Garrett as likely
ii to recover. Graham has not been ap
prehended.
lie Call at McCook &Bro., for every
ng thing in the Dry Goods and Grocery
line, you will certainly .flnd there.
gat
)Ae A SQUARE MEATi PO: FIFTY
CENTS at Burdick's Boarding House
'The Austin Statlcsat, edited with
ability but sadly lahking in moral TI
tone, has convinced itself at least the
that no fight will Ie indulged in by to
him to sustain IMr. Tilden and coni- of tl
stitutioii li!.,rty "save as a quarter'- tr
lt mas1telr or Collllliissaarit.it S
The ta litor of the !utladsmainl need an
1 not have tohl the peiple of Texas ,
that ; for if they have rtead as care- is P
full y as we the drivelling no11en1ce stir
dt its columns fi t 1he past year they. rto
Swould he firmly convinced that the liea
Statesman has an eye on the A. Q. M. cn
San(d the C. S. depalt tnlettseven in isa
private life. wit
SEgotismn is not h1iains nor is hius- u
ter colr age--le'a nsi a paper is edited
a id hli:hed itn a clinititty' towi antll
Sby a country gntlem an ; that sholi ti
She ,i) rwaon wih%, his opliaion, shohll he
he brushid aside by a pull d p iteO Kt .
Sllf attm'll' lt6I1' Vwhose otallV quahiiit ntito n
fotr la'iilnS iS a p'ii l tII' e tf:'t of his
iediting a city journtu'nl, atd in the re
case tof the Statean:l that fact fails
Seven to elvelr iglnorltace, aillnd whose
e -:pe, front the ehiarge o liatter stlit
th- phidity is the power\ to frattile w"t s
lal:ll e i1t so alid wF iimh prcfera
jdilidgnl it in the case frti)ll ilillds Ii 11ot
.wirvttitIa attild iastd ii a keetnc scent of
h i, actin aldl clothinlg if the depa'rt a
Tshe 'l Statý I Si.n1i3 says, thatl Texad s alt c
stand I ayes i :o iiaatter if Ihe is fraeud.
- tletily counted in aand tiht enlighat -
di enld ja;nrial fi ther tfii atos, if we can
bi grasp its dri velling oefaaing, that the
t ortlh mtaih su abllt n:, well as we.
We have no ljectiit to Texas, the
Sr Nrthl, andl the Sta tesian of Austi nc
nI subma ittig, hut we have this proatest
ics to enter, which the St:atesman, exhibit
iing suchld a wilhl desire to preserve irs
n of own baicon and wcaeilg apparel, would
sae do well to point a nooral to, of the or
n sc a .w ...d1r ,.e ,
der of "lwhose ox is gored," and which wl*
protest is, that we of poor Louisiana
are in a very pretty condition to be tire
talked to in such a manner after.en- Noi
during so much to place Texas in the do
condition she is where she can bear yen
the "reign of the usurper Hayes." wh
The Statesman will no doubt say No
that it cannot see where and when the
Louisiana has benefited Texas. Well sec
then we can but pity its stupidity,
for had not Grant loaded himself tie
down with Kellogg in this State and ha
with his Durell outrage, Mr. Davis so
would have been responded to very
k sharply and the Texas government iT
would have been to day republican.
e T Statesman may talk of \votes and
Smajorities and of public opinion and
such stuff. That logic does very well
to people who have never seen the
1e "thing" work, but we of Louisiana
Sknow just how much good public
opinion and the sympathies of other ti
ie people do ; if we did not, the States
man's cool walk from us now is enongh
to teach us. We do not Ipropose in
he this State to help Mr. Tilden-to
fight for him and his inauguration
a and we don't propose to subnit to
it Packard either, for we know, which
- the Statemnan does not, what that sub
dmission meaus. We feel assured that
en the Stateman will argue we ought to
as submit for the simple reason that
ed Louisiana is a good case to have on
hand to make political capital for
tile such time servers as the Statesman,
tal, both North and South-but that ur
tihe ing we are very glad to say will in
iob future have no effect % ilhI us here.
`o- We intend to run this State ourselves
and and if allny Northern or Southern
ore. Democrat outside of it is hurt by the
our peculiar style we adopt in doing so,
iiti- we will pay them off in the samlre com
it is modity they are so largely dealing
nay. out to us-sympathy. It is cheap
the and good to those that et stand it.
"That coat is unice, where did you
get it" f At McCook & Bro., plenty Z
of them and cheap! tha
. .e --- of '
Vick's Floral Guide for 1877 isle- thi
fore us. For a number of years
Vick has catered in seeds to the peo- tit,
iple of our Union and we think that thr
c none can surpass if equal their qual
ity. We think they are the best,
both of flower and vegetable, of all m
n the seed grown in America. All par
u ties desiring to learn more of them go
II would do well to address JAMES VICK, 101
"d Rochester, N. Y. k
We trust that every lover of liber- gi
id ty % ill read the New York Suin's edit-. i
g orial of the 2Ed ult., headed ''count- a
ing the votes." It is a truly refresh- Ir
ing piece of advice and shows a wis- t
at doom wonderful eveti in the Sun. After ei
reading that article there is but one
thing for the Southeni people to do
ºat cut down the circulation of the Sut7
n by at least every Southern subscriber.
M. Will our daily cotemporalies please
'he copy this.
re JAIL DELIvERYt.- On Monday noon, f
while the prisoners were being fed, s
' two of them quietly and cooly walked E
Soff. The alarm was sounded and one E
of of them, a negro, was captured after
a sharp race. The other, a white
e man named Lacour, succeeded in
ap. making his escape.
MARRIED.-Mr. Win. Vest to Miss
ry Martha Coats. I--City Ex.
Mery- r. Vest no longer pants for his
ere. Coats. His suit has resulted favor
ably and he has garter coat for all
'TY time. We sincerely hope our bretheru
Use- of the pre. will not shirt up on this
p;OG . -
These are some of the reasoins why i
the Northern i)he mocrat will submit tie
to the ruthless and vilenlt II(asi r(' s tat
of the Radical Ipart y, rather than dis- O
turb thllir Case by a fight. son
Says the I)emocraltic Senator, Ker- hIe
"1 'il C
"I consider" "tlint President Grnnt ref(
is personally an honest man. Iis in
se tiects iar honoiable, lie is str
roanlded lby Somle doubtful adviiors,
and he is easily swayed. Ilit I he- tli
liev e ! ' woiU revolt t dishonestly flij
count jg in his successor. Hli term thi
Sis about evhded, and ho will not de
:irte to lave the I'tsideit ial chair
with the least tainit of unfairness or
Scorruption ulponl his closing lficilal r",
"T? say that Senator :eruianlu w e" e
i never more mistaken in a Inta] thii:l fl
d he is in Grant. Grant is no fool, as
e Ketnn ' unhl make him, and we in- id
1)" sist that there is fatality to the Amer- tli
IS ican people, because they 'ill not in
he realize the efact; that Grant is a
s shrewd, bitter partizan, and as amnbi
lions as Crwsar'.
Ii- Here we give a c(lincher to MIr.
Kernan.
or Kansas C'ity, Nov. 17 --Three com- i
he panies of troops passed through this ,
ni city to-day en ronte to New York
ral and Washington, one company from
SFort Riley and the other two from s
Fort venvenwortlh. They have been (
Lr a ordered East in consequence of the
not political troubles. The so diers seem
t of ed to e gre.tly rejoiced at goaing
East, and while stopping at the depot
awaiting transfers, exlpressed their
sentiments quite freely. They seemt
can ed to be very evenly divided politi
Intl cally and cheered alternately for
't- Itayes and Tilden.
ca \\'hen one reads such a dispatch,
the and sees no preparation made to meet
the open, plain, and pIallpably d(ereloped
the plan to seize the Government, not for
istin or by Hayes, but by and for Grant,
test ie rmust at once admit that the
ibit- American people are either too sor
e its didly ignorant to realize facts, or so
ould dead to all feelings and desires of
e or- liberty, as to care not who rules or
hici what becomes of them.
siana The Democrats North display en
to be tirely too much confidence in the
r en- Northern Radical-we, of the South,
the do not, for we have felt for eleven
bear years past the full power of a will
" which will assert itself freely in the
say Not th when their season of gulling
when the Northetn Democrat into fancied
Well security has been attained.
No matter what may )e said to ou
the contrary, the fact that people co
have as leaders in revolution save de
such al' spring from their necessities, re;
is abundantly proved when we calm
ly review the situation as it now ex- an
ists.', those who would claim the
honor of dictating public opinion
find themselves for once without a
patent hearing even.
The Sun and World may be lend
Sin Democratic cigans of a certain
c.lass, but they poorly represent the 0
true feelings of the people of this tl
State at least, and their teaching will
Sfall upon ears unwilling to listen to
n such drivellitng nonsense as they at- ii
o tempt to preach after so much blus- a
ter and muothin of "human rights" I
o and "American liberties."
b- The "forms of law" have been I
complied with, "say they, in speak
to ing of the outrages and fraud to be 1
at perpetrated in placing Ilayes in the
Presidential chair," therefore the
for people must submit peacefully. Mark
the smallness of thle knot-hole through
1I, which these bold leaders of the peo
2r- pie would crawl when the issue has
a been made up. "The forms of law,"
res and not its substance would satisf3
es them, and the people must submit in
the peace.
Ladies, if you want a cheap, neat, crat
fitting and pretty shoe call at McCook vott
& Bro. not
* -- den
Submission No.t Peace. and
ject
There are men-at least they bear it it
that semblance, who continually prato ReI
of "law and peace," and who seem to wh
think that all ideas ot prosperity and aor
government are merged in the qnan- P
tity of forbearance they exhibit tio
Sthrough lRe, the
These same "drivellers" will tell an
us, with wise look, that all govern- oF
m ents are for peace and law and not ti
for liberty of the subject. They ar- pe
gue in the same old strain that as
' long as courts sit, taxes are paid and cO
king's rule the acme of human
r- government has been attained and it a,
,. is simply sacrilege for the people who st
t- are lost sight of by these fellows, to f
h- resist any usurpation of simple liber- tl
i ty or wi;h to defend a right the "pow- tl
Sers" under the forms of law might see t(
ferit to abridge. "Such a thing," quoth t,
_o these learned doctors, "is not to ,le
t hought of." It is true the rulem s a
r have outraged your liberties, usurped 1h
your rights but peace is not to be dis- t
turbed by your caviling. "Pence is
all that governments are established
on, for, says the Herahl, and what answer
ed, shall we give the idiot that would in- 1
ed salt intelligence by tIle utterance of
)oe such a falsehood.
fter No, fellow citizens, there is no
site such thing as peace n ithout liberty
in there may be and no doubt is sub
mission but peace-never.
liss lHighest cashl plices paid for cotton
at McCook & Bro.
AUCTION OF FURNITU-RE
at the Ifoulse of L. H. Burdick, to day
at 11 o'clock A. M. Also one new Sewing
Machine, appraised at $~5. *Terms cash.
J. S. WHITE.
SyMPAThY FOR Lot'IStIANA.-'IThier
are a goodlIy nn11 It' of ex- ,Loisi` n
inns here who are wntl'hin, winth in
t tense interest 111he result in their old ;
State. Driven from her lby thli in
tolerable ,' ppI' in of cnltbag n .1
ih.inls and their ne'ro dnupe, te tiol.
sought ain asylum in ''Texas, but tlheir i1
inrt. s still yeairui towrtds Lmnisiana, ti ,
andl tllhe are( w;cl'lliing with gnilt e ial
anxhiety ihe 'struggle for li herty adt it
trefonrm, now gfing on there.- i)alltas
(T( xas) J erald. cLn
'liThe aihove extract we clipped ft in tell
the ShreveIort 'Trees, and as ,nr N
Sii iedl liattle- failed to co1 ent on r nt
l t his syinpalhtitet (fl'usiion we tlhink it i
but light to do if for' him. isl
i \What Lounisiana most reqlllires he its
ree iv es less of. SyPi pathlyv is cheap
-we get that comnmilodity from "''n,- !
eratc lhpublieans'" of tlhe North; in
fact, we have beiwen surfeitld w\i the
a si ush forn four years past. aSWw this N
in idea of Louisianians in Texas spupa drr
r- thisinig with their suil ring brothers It
not in Louisiana, is one of the coolest )
1 pieces. of cheek we have ever seen on
di- exhibited. The renowned Govc:en- Lii
nient inmule la:"ked a mile of jaw in :
Tr. Couimirisonl to it. 77
'"Driven from their homes by lthe o?
mi intolerance of rulers" is simply absurd. 2
this The ride rule has been grinding and in
1 toler'able we know, but her faithful il
rsoils were too true to their State to ,i
wen desert Louisiana and seek asylums in
the Tec;:s when she most needed their oI
i servic s. th
pot Why, the Louisinmann in Texas"'
heir who would publicly make such ad- in
, i mission as that quoted from the Dal- v
Iiti las Hlerald, ought to be spit upon by
every liberty-loving Texian as a base o
tch, fleeing coward, who rather sought ea:e l
meein Texas, lea\'ing his brethren in Lon- -
le isiana to fight the "intolerance," lie ht
fo i dared not face. It isjust such "tleeing Ii
rant, -to an.-aslunm-in-Texas cowards, that 1
the have put Louisiana w.here 'she is.
r- ad they been true men and brave ;
sor- hlad they loved their State and her
es of people, they would have been here,
es or like McGregor on their native heath, t
giving us help iby their votes and
arms-not with slobbering sympathy,
Y- which we have learned, alas ! too late,
to despise.
out f Louisiana has a son in Texas
l w ill who has any anxiety for her fate, his
n the place is here, for we tell him that the
hlling Itour has come that tolls her doom,
tlcied and if they desire patriotic graves
rather than to crawl out life in the
Sland of the stranger ; to be pointed
aid to out by the fair and the brave, as the
people cowaidly messenger of Themophltn
n save defeat, their shield and buckler stands
ssities, ready for them here.
calm- Sympathy we spurn-strng arms
>w ex- and brave hearts is what Lonuisiana
n the wants.
Radicals to Make No Conces- ecltit o
sions. ech o
The St. Louis Republican's New jail iiil
Orleans correspondent nuder date of ;IýO C
the 13th says : net (0
From conversation with some Nor- ct:tt1
Sthlern Re}Ibiicans who came to-day presse
it is evident that the party will make
Sno concessions, but insist that the p
Returning Board of Louisiana will ll
elect Hayes as President. They will hlnd
a not agree, they say, to any prnposi- city t
tion leaving the matter to arbitration signet
e by five men of each party, but have nast(
Re already instructed the Radical lead- a'
e ers here to push their case with all weev
k .possible vigor and compel the Re- cet p
h turning Board to throw out enough ordet
o- Democratic polls to count both Hayes
as and Packard elected. Tho
," Should this be done, the program- twen
f3 me as laid out in their conversation is Hat
in that when the two houses of Con- viF
gress assemble to count the vote, ob- Har
jections will be made by the l)emo- 1m1or1
Rat, crats to the counting of the Louisiana Tonr;
Kok vote. The twenty-second joint rule t
not having been adopted the Presi- to
dent of the Senate counts the votes sistý
and he pay no attention to the ob- haye
jection raised. The House will then, tiur
tar it is expected, withdraw, leaving the I
ate Republican members in the Senate L
1 to where the calling of the vote will he
and continued and Hayes declared the '
President. They expect the -Ionse gar
at- nfter withdrawing to g' into an elec- the
ibit tion tor President and declare Tildeh in
their choice. Hayes, then, with the mu
tell army and navy as well as the judi- liel
er- clary at his back, leaves Tilden with lau
not only the support of the people and ma
the Grant-Hayes administration is do
ar- perpetuated. Co
t as The Radical leaders here are in tih
ard constant receipt of 'advices from the zin
SNorthern office holders, counselling
man them to stand firm and determined sa;
ad it and not give up the State without a no
who struggle. Over a dozen telegrams jul
to from Washington are to that effect, of
i and to carry out these instructions tit
they are manufacturing for capital or
Piow- thousands of intimidation affidavits or
it see to throw out enough Democratic polls sc
pnoth to give their returning board a pro
text for their action. p:
Grant's expressed wish of having ti
ruler a fair count of the vote is laughed at ri
nrped here and is considered ridiculous in it
e dis- the extreme. Some of his own party c:
aassert that that expression is mere fr
e is uncombe and calculated only to di- te
ished vert public opinion in his favor, when, F
nswer after the present excitement is over,
id in- lie will let the returning board make
ae of their report. This is the reason and S
the only reason why he has concen
trated 'the army here. The troops I
is no are sint to see that the returning
erty- board are not disturbed in their-counnt
Ssub- and not to assist in Packard's inanu
guration.
Sonime of the Republicans now here
are of course opposed to such sum- I
cotton mary measures, but the majority, in
cluding several from Ohio, insist up
on this course. They have been in
TIRE consultation with Kellog , Packard
to dand Pitkin to-day, and from their
ito dasubsequent conversation I glean the
s above ash. ao their ideas of the course to
Tr be pursued.
BY TELEG. . .. I
N'w ( h1 , Nov. t 5. -No hal i''
in the .itoati,101. "'Th' lhi'tol Iii ýZ' . I'
tiol. A.s timl ' l1rog 'se , it l:,l,1 I
evidQllt to m ;i" that (t an fll iI1V", ,• .
. s ,; I 1 1111 " Iº
eidu.,1t T is fa ' ii s xto th loI ll l -
(c.mb,(r t1(' .ll l vl :t( ,,t th dil U l l ci
rat ) p lte, th.";, h; N - I
it ilt1 iti 2t:l 1111 ut tlll - (;1 of,
ofd u:n the eve ,tllielturn lha, , at l t.,11
le its daily ":. i" :lt \\'1 . . I. r- fri'
,. ,h' L t R.-oit - i I
nI u
1 t', ) 'r.,. . ,il .'.1.-111' 1.(11(' (it ' , d t .
1 1 l l 'led or s re , t l . .. h1" 1n .out.-
e ,st, H " : libll l 3t ho
11 in l , h . ,
! r ai t Filite t 'l. 11 '11 (liii liim lit il. 1 h i - I f it
the ; 7 . '|ilenl 17,1: I:hl tl, H i y s u
trd. II,  ; : T ill u 1;.i : , b; i nl l , ,iile t h
.,fu l g inghc.nt W, ' e ilct fixied foi r helrlin'
i 'Teti'l i <t rnis fiom lIe.tot pnrihi
Sel' ioi ou lt i ind tiltcloint t d in
i ll ri'ile p itkag' s llt' with i v il . i vll'll.
tlh siet i reIl,' r olt kill b1 tel'ii y t1he nlu hti 1
iis i ,rs f the 1 o dli tii'here were' fiuiid
d - hitthe I1 jSoiliale,1 ,tateieiint of
bas Wy r a i i.ge. in he l('l'of Iot lh r'dS 11111I' i
\'it lidavits. 'I'Ihi Secettry " t tl e B
ILon- .ei a 'ed OI1 the li h iis!t., 1and ) hiiti r
i hng l tilhe l' c·r11~ e "off inl eICtlin it i\\,
th at discoverell tll:ltllne of the pirutesl. of
1 ' the 7upe rvisor, ch ri` , F! ng : neural in- t .
N .. ti . 1atin, wa v 2hted No'. -I thl l i(
r( e Ol c miii r ljfiiilr tllhe ('ietlit (iomi t.
here, \Vlhen ctll,'d1 :,iipon to epl'iun ito lv
le t hil, protst lltnl the '3t a i cotlllll I'et it 1i
saeintd ed registered lpa'hic ae rIe.ceived bit
(Id iail o7 tIt I « tl in st]ant. the Secreta
ath, rv said he had receivcd t\o ipacu'l;iie,.
late, i 'was dt'tecth'd by one of tie l),m ni
oeraltic cunseol pIre.,iS'ti in the act of
Tain itig7 lilnolI'her eittV ill hiis blok, itf
Texas twito Tillc 7',s re'ei'c'ld. After sollle
te, his deltyv inoth!er palcka'e was r'llOct d
;1t te nil ifond to conelt;ill a consolhlntite
sItl, latmllt o'f tie e i tt't s miin d c ((1 ii;lt -
oom, siolnrs' returns, but no pi'otest. or
raves a l selt aWits.
i the The nit'nlbeirs of the Ilond were
ited uablte ' to explain tien mittri. annd
s tll Senitor Shiertinn, of the Rep niltlican
ase visiting coTuiett'ee, reanlrked tllt
toplii thl'rt'e was no ilse to disguise tile fact
stands that the r'etnrni haid been opetll ed,
and the protest.s inserted after trie
Spackage of retirnts hid cleen rce ei ved.
that a Supreme Court Takes Proper
ýo i. h ý prvtor ltl2ic 1 eerlil-t
C(lumi a. ilt C. Nov. i5'.- -The .n A
premle Clout 1h:!s just e tered .1,1:,- c
tIt.it of fifteen hundred ofil;'h:.s !in' sl, t
each and commitmet ofal! the mion-. I
hers of the 1 Itit;rd of Can vassirs to, l)!
jail till released i orider li f tdoh Court. t
f The Coturt i. no'.; prueced iig with Oi
the et." a: ain . U. " . . )it rh't Att. -
ney (~'rt ,in. ..sl f(1 the 1i:;,:1, fotr
- c ;t tºrtlt. 'ThI tre is cti .idterable su l)
Spires:'ed .x,:i1,llem nt. ip
The Conspiracy.
S What Does Grant Mean.
1 Special to Cincinina:ti En:lulirer.
Baltimore, ý-d., Nov. -20.--Twelx' +'
hn1hdreld Ite ts ,assed tlronh this t'
- city to niIht from Phil.v lphia, con
Ssigrned to \'asitl iont. The qutater- \
0( tasters here 1ha1ve be very a('ti \v, sti
and within tell days recrt'it i,': ofieters
have enliistcd 1000) colored men. who
were shipped in comlrpan's in differ
e- ent points. 'Two hatteries have been T
7b ordered from Fort McHlenry to Wash
Sington. There is a mobilization of f
es troops rom the West at the Capital.
Thio third train of troops within
m- twenty-foun hours from Texas, Terre it
is Haute, Ind., and other points, via the
Fort Wayne Railroad to Pittsblrg,
via the Pennsylvania Railroad to t.
d- lHarrisbhirg via the Northern Blti- n
o- IImore, and via thei Baltimoro and Po
,na om'tac to Washington, will pass h
ule through the i ',n d1 -lot at : .' o'lck i
toi to-ntrrow mt ni I. Railro l dis
] patches annlolu(e that lth train cCoin
tes sists of eight ears, and arrangements
ob- have leen In:ule to have the Itrain go
en, through to W\Vashington without stop
the ping. e St. L
, [Special to the St. Louis Republican.1
GAnLRISONINS THIE CAPITAL.
W\as;hinjgton, Nov. 20.-The rapid
garlisoning oft the capital, especially wh
the arrival of several ships of war 1no
in addition to the 1:anII forces, creates tO
miuch talk here. By all except rabid
Relpublicans inu ofi.hc the movelment is oi
h IaughedI at. Grant, Camerol, Sher 0n1
1 lan et al. deterlinctl oni this proce- 1o
Sdure to avoid I iirttng in troops when
(ollngrr(SS \ 'as iin "tus',ion, as it WOIlIL
1 then have the h pearaiuncC of bu'hldo- f
c zing the Ilouse. all
Gen. M.tr'ook, of Sherman' s staff, an
, of colurse, is ridiculou s. .1e:Itall i.
,, 0 the , j_ twe , I he s a . o -n
is the sight of atiiiy titieel(.'s galnopi gI
11 over lpeaceii tll str 5ets, C ;i'ia.lt'i b
l' orderlies, is as Irelrs: hillg as it is 1t011
Is seCilsical.
The aldmtinistration oflicials were t'
zl
particularly anxious to-day to denyt'i
Ia that there way signiticance in the ar
at rival of troops, although they werv
in iinfirm:d that theI movementl had
t:y I15(d great ex'itceleiit whieret ver the
e tacts were liiown. It aiy he a dodge
i- to atttra:ct attention froni Louisiana, I
n, Florida and 'South Carolina.
I'r, Latest.
i( Special t, Vindicator. _
,- New Orlans, Nov, 30.- Rt.. rnin.g
-` Board coisidering Ounachita. Gotod (.d.l
(sot tall prjlur' by n(;o. 4 in it. Ahno ,t
l every I'parish (examin(d1. 29 p¶rotest.d
ilt against by Repulicais now unllcIr coil
tu- .ideration.
Situation in Southll Carolina critical.
ere Two legislatures. Rldi.al iiislature
i- has no 1quiorumt. Sev\ral 1Republi'ans
in. acting with D)emocrats.
( Great ,,:.it:iiInit in thO North New
Yrk Ilral ad a \V'orld iSit o( Grati's
iinlpeachnet. Th'lvy S' I there c.a lhe
nd III! plce (a -le su:hnission to him.
eir 'ituation m ,cI iprtoino .'. Tlharm1t'n!l''
the Board r(fu1es to sy whi'h (:11'; tilh
Sto Ihave tcunttL, until tiY'' ar throiuil
.iih ~ l.il.
,t 1,; t• i+' . 1. . . \". li'k in
I t' I '. . .. I , ,
.. . I . , .I i i
], rl" nf1, t. l ," ; . I \ . . l i . II
. 1 1 , ', .1it1 . b i" .
i, I.".. I'. 1 Ir, . ' . K li ,
i, . . II, "!'-, : i , , , .
l~it', , hk l;li.!i, ,". \ I '. ... . I II jf
I 1 "
I 1 11 111: ' \'.:I i 1 11o 1:.Iq.
• ' ' I 1 ., C ' ,u h I 'ti111.
* ', '' I
V, h .' .1 _,1 ll , :11 , i, . , in 1 l e\y
ultt i 'thaiii
I1" . ;" .-,:l h , i, a . ; I('ilat oII
;,t!u i. j!1· 1i onL.:' l; IL' I ' 111, ilu i" ' u that
' I i i ,hl I t.i to i 1 I ig it 1 ; lle .
" If I . -e tA.
, h+ ul . h t-l, 1, a',, .lin" h 1 h , ,ave,
S f.iir 1. pi il!a 1:i1: ' Illhave 111 1 n 11'i , he lien
, ' br" th a ii', lra it. `i "1' iv , flue. in e', it l stio
th., i l t t ir 1 l' 1 . i, hi ., ,'.*ron ! gain.
"[Itoillu;-h h,.st til 4 1i1t
To ', Il'll la'V d( ';1i1',
t'e A friends.
ns 1!. '. A.
i A)EII for All.
1AN P, ':a 1,hie litl in iquantities of
r'lý 4 .10{ to 1.100 t) ' 'i h4r oUn sale
1r nt1. T'hi.-e lh :uI fý u!'tilh
ES'i'r1, :1:)'D iIVEl BOTTOM,
unuler a high state of imtrov\'muenttnad
ready f4r set'tlt, S.
f Inf•rt n f.n;:i ,, I on app.lication
St thi.s olive Ib\ ,' . a or lett or o all.
Ie L. ('11. \1I' 'L\11 1"E Q., or L..
a SI" , E 1., E ,.,Clu : 'i,r\il , La.
- IOR SE, AND .1Al.S, ecn hle bought
. r, Cash, Corn, BeevUes or Ilogs,
f T1wEBTY TO SIXTY I)OLLARIS.
of Apply at once' tio
11. P. AINTILLEY,
a1 t S,ºimpyrar place, oppoIsite tilt city ,
*1 Nit(. it ,,'tic D e. 2-m.
S Protect Yout Buildings.
1Which may Ie done with one-foiurth the
re usual expense, ,y nusing our
,a Pateni Siare Pditt
-!t (Fifteen Years Established.)
ie MIXED READY FOR USE.
Fire-plroof, W 'atdr-l'prool; I)urable,
) co..:inicalt and Orn(amen tal.
A ro''in m:'y 1he t'\'tr ,1 sti th at very
.t : .1 , a ndr ~ . : u ' h : ,t to ll i i o ý th in 
slat' b' im :' t'i l:, .1 i, A! "',, to 25 'eiars. "
11:111~ u::.le to 1:1 111)chc1 1,~ 9,tltd, ,
lt,.J ;:r nm ni t':l b ttcr :!t:l :, ' 11[2 1:,ti C l +ýr
thain l, w shi'"l's V. iiti the slatc,for
One-third the Cst ofIteshilgling.
le ,xpel s.e of .latin, ni'v slhiu;;lesi -
1 o1' t ut ) tint t'i'nt of -iml laying
tht' The p aint iL : 1!e Ulo : till
ly t.ted hv a } n '. ;.
It Stops i.ery Leak
and for tin or ir.l¶ hult no equ.il, asit.
exxplanls h;" h1 ',ýt, 1,intt' ts ly cold, all Z
never e:tacks 1I,," s.,1., - ls o fs cov rr
with Tar healthinti. F, It can be manll*
r- wa tcr-t Ith it at : . :ll 'xpl|enh', andlli J
(', l'V'v.'d foh. 1an y1 \yiars. .
rs This Slate lPailt
t Extremely (hieahp.
'n Two g:lbln"s wVill eo'velr a lhunnlred 591w_
bh tint of shlingfle' 11(0, whivl1, on til, its
It'f , iatcltt'(id tllaris. or Ianly :l iooth es t
n. fe, Irom two quarts to ono gallon
1 r 'ltrt'r'""l to 100 "'luare trot of surf5a ,
al 'd ,.lthlhugh the p:viut has a heavy lbo
'I it is ,astilv lppiied with a brush.
rg, No Tar is used in this Conmpositilt
to therelfre, it neither cracks in Win
ti-~ l notr rn ill Satuml!l*,s .
0- On deenle'd sh llS, it fills nptk
aS h 'ile:11(1 pol's, anT .ives' a nlew 6
S:k st: Il':11 rooLt that will last for ye
i ! Cutled or warped shingles it brings
their pl:('es, and keeps theWn there.
tills up all holes in felt roofs, stops .
al It'siks -l01( ailthough al slow dryer,
n d'S nlot, atlect it a f.+w hours after SF
up plying. As nearly all paints that i
black Coita i Tar, 1i e .ilitOU Ot
tn.J our g~eLtinO "article, \hich (for shi.
roofs) is
tpid Chocolate Color.
all wheion first applied. changinig in alol'll
war m1 th to a ui|iform slate col!r, audn
ates to all intents and lirlposos Slate. 0
dbid Tin Ioots
it is our i-"1 color is isoally preferred, as
her cuat is equal to five of any ordinaryPi
Feo- For
]ten Brick Walls
0111oni rlshl S5
11110 oir hhi:ht R1"(d is the only relible
:Paint ever introduced iithat will etl
ally prevent dal'Upness from pcnetl-t
0a01', an( di s,.l, rin thle plaster.
leu 'l'hese lp:ints :ae also largt'ly usedl
oat i inOt-houses Iand feces, O, as a pri
i oas, o ti ( U ulIniln i:!ti s. .
It re 1ne only colrs aru, Chocolate,
igi'r Bright Red, and Orange.
101 Newi Yor0( Cash Price List.
5 Gallons, e:alI and ,,ox 5r
were 0 " ke: 16
dly o( ") ha ltrrel 1ri
le O " un,' harril1
're hI bave itl sitIel, of our own ll0
fluctltr, r',li n; iihnatelils, etc., :tl
followi ill low pin 1 : ,
el- the l01 roils cxtra l bhwr RoItin,
i o ,'de ytset per situare foot. (hr we Will
S i, alsilh Unlht r RooliIg, Nil CIs, ('1118,
, L 1t" I'flint llr an entire l.v: rooi; a
ct lilts ' r S' tilar' foot.)
2 09 rolls 2 Ill T'I'rrctll ooiltg i
at Ily clt liper S 'lta e' ii it. 5
irnl tll 3,l00 1 oils itply' IT arrii d 1o l gl,
I 1 t s per sd'are ttut.
:hl,1s1 200 rolls Tarred Shc',ithuing; at -
ostelstd pct'r eqliun foot. It -
elr con- S iii ",_alhelis tiny 1.an1nil Paint, Wort
ready for iuse, oil in41e or oltsiud -
ritical.' it . 2 ' Y .r gai,.ilv : i all aI (s.h .i .
slatuire 100)0 11111s Sl:hte Flour iar , 3
,lial'ls : a S ,t .)Fomn, Flh" a 3
S l.,lt (i'rnlt' :n1 ' nr:i l al
New 1t:, " 1etalli(' Point, dry ' ,l nd :
Grant's ` ,.,' p i '1j li per 1 lt,, or ('li-- >.
arl b 'e ill l" i 1.1" ltl. ', :' l:ni,,1
.. thv ; . ". 1(l' -r ol l f"( tI '1;T iId 'lay ,