Cost of Meat.
The quantity of fteat reIquiired
ht.v the fiarmn laboring classes of it
this parish, which we will esti- i
timate at $2.500, is 5 lunds each t
1er week, or 12,50(0 pouls per t
week for all.
iLet us then1 st.. lhow uiiihli
moiy. goes oIIl to kie'(' ill, o ill'
"slmoke House" in l'imnialiali.
12,5111 pound, ls lhacºn or 'orlk at t
12c per pound, and that is a very
low figure, woihi he >13)00 per
week, or .7S,000 per ye; r.
Does any one s1I)ppose lthat any
less than that amlountlt is expended
yearly for Iavin a1d pork by the
larimwrs of this parish ! We sup
pose, not. To buy tlhis meat it re
quires of the crop prodluctd, 1:5t;0
hales of cottoni at $50 per hale.
That is a very heavy dig into the
crop.
I)o not our ftrmers see that the
buying-pork-larming cannot be
made to pay !
Hogs-Use of Grades.
We find much information in
the Amcrican Agriculturist, pll,
lished by the Orange Judd Com
pany, 245 Broadway, New York, I
and can recommend it to our
farmers as a capital, first class
Monthly fitarm journal. It says on
the subject of Hogs; a sulbject we
think of vital implortance to our
farmers, that a sow of large com
mon stock, which is also a good
milker, if crossed with a male of
any of the improved breeds, es
pecially if he be of medium or
small size, the progeny will almost
surely be tine in quality, of large
size, quick growth and early tiht
teaing properties.
Black or slate-colored pigs are
freest from skin diseases in hot
climates. The choice is practical
ly between the Essex and Berk
shire for males, with which to im
prove the native stock of hardy
grubbers, or root-or-die variety.
The Berkshires are to be pre
ferred of the two, because they
are wide awake and good foragers,
while the Essex are of the eat-and
sleep and the sleep-and-eat va
riety.
Either of these varieties require
about one-half the amount of food
to fatten them that our land pick
es do.
These hogs, half blood, will
weigh 200 to 300 pounds net at
12 months old. In other words, a
hog of this variety alt 12 months
old, presscd for pork, will com
mand $14 to $21 in our market,
and be in brisk demantl through
out the entire winter.
A Cas min Pom~r,
Our last weeks article relating
to the sad picture in Georgia
farming, and how well it was re
flected with our farmers in their
vain attempt to raise hogs and
stock, was scarcely in print before
a case occurred in this parish that
eovers the whole ground.
One Richard Valsin, a notori
ones hog and cattle thief living
near Cloutierville, was caught by
some colored men in the act of
stealing their hogs, anrd was ar
rested by them and brought to
town. Now this was lawful and
right, but mark the following:
Scarcely had they arrived in town
before a letter from a neighboring
planter was produced, stating
that hIe would ge on the bonwlof the
thief, whereupon the sympathetic
Magistrate fixes the bond at $50,
which was given, and Valsin re.
turns to the field of his expl'oit,
ready, and nio doubt anxious and
willing to steal more stock.
It is a question, and a serious
one, who is the criminal in this
ease-the thief or the bondsmen.
We, South, are situated dtifferent
ly from most communities, and
every hog thief in a neighborhood
is generally known from the fact,
tiutm they each have been tried ai
aequitted, at least once; acquitted
because it is a scratch if you con
viet a thief, as the chances are ten
to one that nine-tenths of the jua
rymen are no better than the
criminal. But this planter bond
business must be stopped, and
can be' stopped by mutal under
standings with all honest farmers.
We would adise our farmers to
call meetings. in every neighbor.
hood, and enter into a solemn
agreement to prosecute to the end
all stock thieves, an. to disown
and discountemance any farmer
who will bond out a notorious
thief for the sake of his labor,
Labor is plenty and there is no
excuse for this conduct. We will
take pleasure in publishing such.
agreements in these colnmns, and
we beg of our tarmers that they
atove at once iu the matter.
Don't Feed Corn to Your Fows 1
In forty-five out of fifty flocks of
poultry yon will find the leeding
boxes suppldied with Indian corn.
This grain is the lazy man's bless- P
*l ing. No work is required in feeding
of' it oit ; it keeps clean ; the fowls like
Sit; and inthiung is wasted.
Now, for lay iig hens it is worse
'i than ueiseless; there is so iirinch fat
,Ii teinag material ill its comiiposition,
anid so little alinillnous, that eggs
cani not lihe nianifactured from it.
"h Your hiens ' ill eat it when they
It ill eat anytlhing, but the only result
will lie lanl increase of fat on their ''
bodlies anild ii id.tCiiase of vitality and
at prod nllti\ve ness. n
i '' Thei grain which ialonn in :hilhi -
niiinoids onily should ie ted ito poultry.
I ()tr expellielie has bieen tlihat for tI
thei breaktfast a dry dnlge of shorlts
is sullicient- ift' you have sonmic skim- i
mitilk tou mix it with, all the better. '.
ed A good siupply of oats ali l blarley
he shou lie keplit in the feedtilig boxes
I thrloliugh the d:ay, and at light a feed o
l of whole wheat saahou t be givein
theli,
t) Wheat screenings al're not ecnoi)
Sle ica;l, and the weal seedls they coiln
tain ac re enouligh to "d''isqualify" thliemi
he even if they tlae otherwise desiriable..
Many ipoultry-keepers have discover- I
lie el the perniicious etfects of corn cni
their poultry, atld have tiiead to
chlanige the food, but as the birds
stcanily refuse to chanige tlheir diet, it
the olwners have finally yielded and i
"acknowti ledged the corn." 1i
In such eases the only plan is to I'
il starve tihe fowls ilntol eating some
11i other footld; they will conia to terins
Sien tlhey get snitlicienlli3 hlungry,
Il and after theiy have become arets- -
t-k, tonied to a less attrlactive diet they s
Swill imiUprove in every way. t
Corn shoul lie fed onlyl in the co(' hl
weallher, and then spatiingly and for
ol the last meal of the day.-Mass.
we l'ongllug an.
)ll -
1W- Diversified Farming.
oil Every farmer whlo hans praclticed a
of diversitie(d firmting the lresenlit year,
shas rleasonl to conigratalat himiself
upon hla'ving done so. It has con
or triblted not onily to the indepelndence
ost and comfort of his entire llousehold,
but hais enabled him to learn an imll
ge portant lesson in comnparing his conl
lit- dition with that of tliose who have
adhered to the crop system. Profit,
tlhen, farmners, by this lesson, andl
pre plant wheat and oats this tall stuf
1lot ticiently for all farm purposes--not
,al- only enough for immediate family use,
but for all the laborers that may lie
rk- necessary to wol k your farmn. There
im- certainly can be no such thing as ,
fly farming with protit until the farm is
able to feed itself, and from its own r
production. Labor can not anid will
ire- not be regulated and rendered protit ?
able until the laborers are fed from n
ey the sources of the farm they work.
rs, There is something fascinating to the
td- laborer in the alppearanc of a fall
corn crib and hay and fodder stacks,
a and the fragrant odor of a well-tilled
smioke-hoise, as well as the beauty
ire of sleek work-stock. There is also a
peculiar charm in flour bread to the
)od laborer, andi the prospect of full
'ck- stomachs and fat living will secure
help and retain it when notlhing else
will. \Ve therefore urge our readers t
vill to look to these things, and see to it
at thalt they do not fail to provide bouu
tifully of them. Something has to be
', a done to ilmprove couditins, antl we
tls know of ito liore suse way than that
n itndicated, <oepled with tihe avoidance
of all unnecessary and foolish expeu
et? ditures.
gh
Diseased Milk.
One can not give tihe niame of milk,
ihg at least of pure milk, to all the liquids
giu which come out of the teats of a cow
re- whbse udder is in a state of irritation,
teir or the interior of which is inflamed.
In such pathlological connections, all
ttd the functioins of the ndder are in dis
ore order, and the tihree great secretions
ht of the lymlph, b:ood. and milk are
wrong. Their resplective globules,
altered in tlieir form land ordinary
ori color, lose their special characters,
otten to thle degel'e of not being re
Ing cognizable. 'The particular route
by which each of thlese different secre
t of tions tollows near each other, in a
state of health, they break through,
an and the three kinds of blobules be
to ing confaunded togetliher, come mixed
and to the outside by the ends of the
teats. The cows sick with the foot
lig andt mouth disease, furnishl those
)wu lilquids in tlihat state. It is well to
kiknow tlhat milk conttaining lymjlhatic
Ig Iand hbloody globules is not hurttful to
g health. \Ve thintk, in spite of the
the disgust whlich it m5ay excite, mtilk in
ti that state nimay be nourishing, if the
bloiles, though dead, are entire,
O, niad liot yet rdecollposed aiid passeed
re to a purulent and fetid state. Oine
, thinig suriprises ait tist--if we do not
know that the adder rf a cowv colil
and posed by colntignity and connection,
of four distinct udders, each termi
nating by its own teat, and the func
us tions of whichl are earried on inde
this pendently of one another, as much as
the separate breasts of a woman-is
to see the same cow, afftcted with a
MIt. disease, often produce from one of
and its teats excellent milk, and from an
ood other, l' astuated at the saU side, a
dead, inodorous milk, and fromn a
hct, third a purlulenl nmilk with a horriuly
aqs fetid odor. This proves the hide
ted peIdeitee of the sources of the physi
ological fuietions of the foullr silmple
qot- quarters of the udder, though inti
ten iaately bound by ap-roxinkation in
one udder.
ond Hog Cholera.
and In a recent letter to an ex
ier- change, tihe writer says:
ers "In the case of the discovery of
s to the symptoms of the disease, or
bor its active appearance in! a herd, of
tmt swine, the best means of allaying
end them, and in mild eases of enrieg
)Wfn the sick ones, is fresh beef or the
ier muscular tissue of animals of
ons every eatable kind, including
cracklings and scraps from the
smoke-house, fed in reasonable
I lo quantities, supplemented by pla
rill cing within easy reach of the pa
iel tients a trough, protected from
Sthe weather, containing a mix
tore, in equal parts, of salt, slack
he k lime, and unleached woodt
alshecs7
M)ON1TGOMIERY BLAIRI, Editor.
'Publlished l:Ev'ry Morning (Sun
days excepted) at
927 D STREET N. W.,
Washington, 1). C.,
f'Y ItENRY PIti.KINIION.
Addrlestis, o iS1, ('its' P. O.
'The' I'NION is serv\cd by arnrilrs to
,t * ',rilb,t' ;t I ents pir wieek, t 1' 30
icnts l"' u"'mth. Single, copies, tlrese.
S I...ls Bly tm' i. ( I.ostage prit('li,) tl
I cent it l uri on th, .t 7.10 1 t r Year. All
sulstcriptiins lutist lit paid invariahly in
:11 a lie'.
Til' I NION will li- sent to cluhs at
1 the raot of 6f; l.'r ,car,, I lpstagv pre'paid.)
IRates oladvertisilng fIurnished on alp
_ lit'ation.
New..dialhrs ordering TilE I., 'iiN will
Ie sUiilt li aIt tlih usuai l ra1ti s. 'lhe('
monly mu.-t invuarialy aeconspany the
S All hank hec'ks 1,111.',| he st m Ill ed.
1 liost tfict ' tl 'rhrs are prfc rt :li 'l I'iii tie.
All jii nsiii s milt. nmiicanios must le
SI addrestlr t to til t, 'l ' hlisher t ltlhe 'nml."
The U:+ion is ctdneted on cutirtly
cash prinpilhis.
'1i', 'ni on is thCliif Malt v inoratic dtai
Iv Jllll ished at the sei of (l,'vlr'n illllt.
It is dtctdlcatd to the dtisl ,ssion htt dis
it i'i ionl of tit l etiiint'. :1s t 1 iss'u s of the
S ihitr. f li (tl' ilnl- ' of the initial
s editrial, "till isf tiif t l it e ljc t soug, ht
,in the csta lishf,ict of this pialr isto aid
Sin rtieve nting the nation from bIing sub
ji tell to tl,' ills which moist result frot
S:a frustratirng the gre':t rf'athrms of ad
n ntiistration :andi linanc,' decrecd by the
hvote of Novwmb,,r, and w\ , lhpe so to
PRIME ENJOYMENT FOR A YEAR..
Less tol four Cents a Week.
MAKE IIOME ATTRtACTIVE BY INTRO
it''CING
T2 Sll iltIiAY EEl 1 FllllN . T
\Ii Which fur more than 53 years has been
I the best
, STORY, OKETCHI & FAMILY PAPER
as is well known all over the Unitthd
' States. It ispullishid weekly. contains
© eight larg,' pages, c'larly printed on good
t, paper, filled with the choicest stories and
d sketchels by the l, lost w itefrs: fli sin
.I sational trash, hut stih as :t mtuther is
t willing to have her chihh'n r. al. The
whole tone of the pailir is pul'e and 'l
' evatinu
e It also contains Ilistor'ial andIti Bitgra
e phical articles; ,%iutntiti.; Agrinultur'al
ISand Il us.hohlIl epartatints Fashion
is Article weekly, fresh :aod exietlildl; li11
t morous Nttes ; Lit,.rary ieviews ; News
II Notes ; Boliy's and G(irls' ('itlumus.
t and Sparkling Editorial, etc., ete
il just such a i Iraper as eve°rybody loves to
re.ad, and the price is only
TWO DOLLARS A YEAR.
Sample copy containing cltls rates, ett.
sent on receipt of a :3-cent stanimp. Address
a NO. 650 IIENNETT & FICTIIT,
p 7"46 Sansom Street, Philadelphia, Pa.
1e N. B.-Bi sure and aflix the uintuher
se650 beforie i:NNETT & FIT('ril, so that we
'S may kniw' through what paper the stiubl
it scritnition comes.
FARMERS AND PLANTERS
SUICRIBE IF'OR O
ll HOME JALIIIIl AlD
FOR THE YEAR 1877.
It is the Leading and Oldest Week
ly Agricultural palpr in the South;
Scontains everything of value suitahle
to Southern Agriculture, such as the
culture of Cotton, Sugar, Rice, Toba¢c
co. Corn, Wheat, Rye, Oats, Peas. the
Grasses, Silk, Ramie, Moss, Potatoes,
Turnips, Cabbage, etc., etc.; the rais
ing of all kinds of Stock for the South;
the culture of all kinds of Fruits, such
Sas P'eachesI, Pears, Apples, Oranges,
B Figs. Lemons, Pinlapples, Japan
, Plums, Grapes, Poniegranates, etc.,q
It contains a choice depart mut tfor tihe
Family Circle'; gives all the News in a
condensedu formn; gives also the latest
New Orleans Market lheports; and
conta ins many Valhuable Receilpes for
use on the Farmi and Plantation, as
well as manny Useful Facts for the
Family, the KItehen, or the Sick Room.
The plaper is printed from clear, new
I type, and contains sixteen pages of
valuahle matter every week. The 1:lth
Svolume commenices January, 1S77.
The Subscription price is S2.50 per
year, post-paid, 31.50 tfor 6 months, or
2 5 cents for one month, in advauce.
S Address -
Our Ilome Journa! and Rural South
lind, NEW ORLEANS.
1877 NEW YORK. 1877 1
The different editions of TIIE SUN during
the next year will be the same as durlting the
year that has just passed. The daily addition
will on week days be a sheet of finr pages, or
56 broad columns ; while the weekly edition
will be a sheet of eight. pages ef the same dinmen
sions and character thao t are already familiar to
our flrielnds.
TIIHE SUN will continue to be the strenuous
 advocate of reform and rt'Ottr hllent, and of
the snuhstitntion of statesmanship, wisdom, and
integrity for hollow pretence, imbecility, and
fraud inl the admhinistration of public affairs. It
will contend for the governmen t of the people
by the peope peopl and for the pople, as opposed to
government by frauds in the ballot- box a nd in
the counting of votes, enforced by military
violence. It will endeavor to, supply its read
ers--a body now not far troml a million of souls
-with the most catre·l, complete, and trust
worthy accounts of current events, and will
employ for this prurpose a numerous and care
fully selected staff of reporters and correspou
I dents. Its re ports from Washington, especial
ly, will be full, accmrate, and fearless ; and it
will doubtless continue to deserve and enjoy
the hatted of tl,ose wha thrive by plundering
the Treasury or by usurping what the law does
not give thew, while it will endeavor to merit
the contidence of the publii by defendingthe
rights of the people against the encroachments
of unjnstilled power.
The price of the d:tuly SUN will lhe .5 cents
a month or $O 50 a year. post paid, or with
the Sunday edition $7 TO a year.
f The SUNDAY edition alone, eight pages
$1 20 a 3 ear, post paidnkl.
r The Weekly StN, eight pages of.56 broad col.
umna, will on furnished during 1877jat the .rate C
Sof $1 a year. post paid.
The benetit of this large reduction from the C
previous rate for the Weekly can be enjoyed by
individual subscribers without the necessity of
making up clubs. At the samne time, if any of
our friends choose to aid in extending our cir
culationu, we shall be grateful to them, and every
f such person who sends us ten or more subacri
bers from one place will be entitled to one copy
of the paper for himself without charge. At
3 one dollar a year, posta'ee paid, the expenses of
paper and printing are barely repaid ; and, con.
sidering the size of the sheet mad the quality of
Its constents, weare confident the people will
consider the Weekly SL': the cheapest newspa
per published in the world, and we trust also
one of the very best.
Address, THE SUN, New York City, N. Y.
£( Get your printing done at
the VINDICATOQ Job Office.
Should subscribe at once, and
get up Clubs for the
PEOPLES VIDHICATOR 1
V t
FOR 1877.
it
-oo
00
Our inducement to Clubs are lib
eral.
---oo----
LOOK HERE !
r We will let each of our old Subscribers who pro
cures us one new Cash subscriber at our usual rates,
have the VINDICATOR one year for Two I)oLLAnu. That
is, both subscribers can get the paper for FoUR DOL
s LRS AND FIFTY CENTS.
Club Rates.
Single copies ......................... $2 50
Ten copies to one address ............ 22 50
Twenty copies to one address............ 40 00
A copy of either, the
People's Vindicator,
Saturday Evening Post,
New York Weekly Sun,
N. O. Weekly Democrat,
Leisure Hours,
Furnished extra and free of charge, to each getter up
of a club of ten subscribers.
CASH mnust accompany every order.
Remit by Draft, Postoffice Order or Registered Letter.
JOB WORK.
Our Office is supplied with a splendid assortment of
Job Type and Liberty Job Presses,
and we are determined to do as good work as New
Orleans, and as cheap.
BLANSKS,
POSTERS,
CIRCUL ARS,
BILL HEADS,
LETTER HEADS,
BRIEFS,
PROGRAMMES,
BUSINESS CARDS,
and all kinds of work executed with neatness and
dispatch.
Address,
f
3. H. COSGROVE,
EDITOR AND PUBLISHER,
PEOPLE'S VINDICATOR, Nachitoches, La.. P. O. Box, 120
OUR COUNTRY ! '
WHAT WILL
Become of It ?
Is thie ,lugt'io now agitating the' pnhlh'
iiill. (:
'Th' gh i '; iss:es 1telbre C(ngre"s: the to
final st tlhnwlt of t he latr I'r,.side tti:l is
eleclin '; th ' inu'i in (',ntI r1's-a; the
eltw 'resiiillet the 'illic (of tlhe next
Administrationli 5' iill f:11 itire welfat'e of tit
the colillltr' 111l people'i , a'"1 illiltters of sI
cleat inteil'eSto toenc1h and .'eieryV imllividu- tl
since the i claa i loll of Inderiluili'nc . i
A iTrllthful 1lisltoir of \eve'nts. andl 41- ii1
i11s iof (l'ogress will be given with ito- I
partiaility anid lairioness in the
CINCINNATI ENQUIRER,.
a publlic slpiritetd pal'r eclhoin thile wish 1
es o the Ipeople, .l\ ocatini:i sl iiSliiisioii
to thie Liws, good hi\.l'lilllernent, null thl 1
lighits of the lpeople to Ie heaidl upoll aill
matters that pertain to the countlrys c
lThe Trhicky Politiiaiis, lwilVS reatlly .
toi orgailize, trot'till,, hut who il)ever pa'
icipateil ill (hager, will lIe shio\Vwi ulp ill
their true' (haracters. By snulscrilbiir -i
fhur the 1li1uireri', ,ion will get a failht'iul
iet'oi'td l) even'ts as tlhicy tr'anspieh, with
old Party Coloring aii tiu ilnhilsi, hed lhv l cr
tyv fhliurgs. ns th' ltle ,elrit iu a news
1u1"'r i:, its ability aid w\illiilgucess to t1
give thlit
NEWS AS IT COMES,
and inot as it is l',epare'd by party 1detui: -
igo~nies to miislead the )people, Shlt'cilnlc
,epies free.
Terms of Subscription. t.i
FOR WE1:KLY.
Single (:Copy, oeilt' 'ar1'.............. S2 i0lt
'ive Copies " ..l i75 each......S 75
Tell " I M;0 ' .....1 11i
Twenty " 1 .. I 50 . .....30 00
IV'R D1AILEY.
Without Sinuay sav',,. With linday "la..r.
I:'. Mail, .,'n v.atr...- l t n 111 y I'lnil. I viar e14 l0
,ixs '.ut ib s...... . i nu, Six .l inths .... I1O
lThree . nltli hsi.... 3 ': 'hrve M nlltls .. 53.
lin Mn,111lth......... I 5 (.I lle M unth..... 1511
'.ost libe ral tertus to c(lu aIgenºts. Send
fir tt-cil n copies 1111 age'ilts . Stit.il
Agenlits antllltedl at e'vIr poSt-oltlice.
Adtlirss all lettcrs to
FARIAN k& MTLEAN, Pani.lsulll:los,
Cincinnati, Ohio.
GOD
BLESS
OIR IIt)MES' is tihe miun' of the most
elegant French Oil Motto ('hromno ever
iýsued. fThe motto is surrounded by one
of the most exquniste and richly-colored
\\rteathls of h.eantiful flowers on dark
;l("k'rotllllnd, and is perfict in all its de
tails. It is 11 x 1. We selld this motto
hrlonl and the ItOSTON WEEKILY
GLOBE, a ;Ege eight page family, st.,ry
andl nts paper, with :Igrieultural. (ch(ss,
pzle. househol, antl all lpopular de
pir,1tments. :3 monlths, for only l0 cents.
Chromuu anld paper, (i mouts tfor $1. A
heuntiftul gift. Agents wanted.
Ailddre.us,
WE.KLY CLOBE,
23' Washi.ngton street,
h1si ) .l .(-, .
THE BEST PAPER. TRY IT.
POSTA(GE FIElE.
Beautifiully Illustrated.
Tlh SCIENTIFIC AMEIICAN now in
its 3(Ith year, enjoys the widest circula,
t ion of any weekly newspaper of the kind
in the world. A new volume conunmmences
January 4, 1875.
Its contents embrace the latest and most
interesting information pertaining to the
Industrial, Mechanical, and Scientific Pro.
gress of the World; Descriptions, with
Beautiful Engravings, of New Inventions,
New Processes, and Improved Industries
of all kinds; Useful Notes, Recipes, Sug
gestions and Advice by Practical Writers.
for Workmen and Employers in all the
various arts.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN is the
cheapest and best illustrated weekly pa
per published, Every number contains
from 10 to 15 original engravings of new
machinerv and novel inventions.
ENGliAVI 'GS, illustrating Improve
ments, I)iscoveries, and Important Works,
pertaining to Civil and Mechanical Engi
neering, Milling, Mining and Metallurgy;
Records of the latest progress In the Ap
plications of Steam, Steam Engineering,
lailways. Ship-Building, Navigation.
Telegraphy, Telegraph Engineering, Elec
tricity, Magnetism, Light and Heat.
FARMERS, Mechanics, Engineers,
Inventors, Manufacturers, Chemists, Lov
ers of Science, Teachers, Clergymen, Law
yers, and People of all Professions, will
find the Scue:x'rlic AMEIuCAN useful to
them. It should have a place in every
Famcily, Library, Study, office, and Count
ing Room; in every Reading Room,
College, Academy or School.
A year's numnhers contain 832 pages and
SEVERIAL. iUNDREI ENGRAVINGS. Thou
sanlds of volmlles are perserved for bind
ing and reference. The practical receipts
are well worth ten times the subscription
price. Terms $3 20 a year by mnail, in
cluding postage. Discunnt to Clubs Spe
cimnens sent free. May lm had of all News
D)ealers.
PATEN TS. il eonlleetiol, ith
PAT NTS the Sc I,E NTI ! F IC
AMEIC'AS, Messrs. M'xx & Co. are
Soliotors of American and Foreign Patents,
and have the larg'est esthlishment in the
world More than fifty thousand apple;O
tions have been imade for patents through
their agency.
Patents are obtained on the best terms
Models of New inventions and sketches
examined and advice free. A special
notice is madie in the Scientific Ameriean
of all Inventions Patented through this
Agency, with the name and resident of
tile Patentee. Patents are often sold in
part or whole, to iper.sos attracted to the
invention by such notice. Send fior
Pamphlet, I1I pages, laws and full di
rections for obtaining Patents.
A4dress for the Paper, or concerning
Patents, Muxx & Co., 37 Park How
N. Y. Braicl Office, ctr. F aual 7thl Sts.
Washinton, D C.
Jatty ll875.-ly
ALL PAPERS QUOTE FROM IT!
THE
Detroit Free Press.
The liveliest of family newspapers, full
of interesting news, literature, humorous
sketches, spicy para:zraIph, etc. Sample
Copies free. Subsicriuption $2 00 a year,
post-paid. Address
DET!OIlT FREE PRESS.
lDetroit, Mich.
'77 THE PEOPLE'S PAPER 7'
T1II LOL'isVILL. \V'EEKLY
Courier--3ournal
Tie Great National Family Newpnper,
(ConlhiIsI the e'Xp('rie('ce, ability and
m,;;terial l'rS., 'rce, of tlh'ee ohl-time Lon.
isvilh' new-lpal" Is of uational repute-.
the lUnisl ill. (',Courier, Louisville *Jour.
initl anId ll i.,i,\i llle 'll. nl'rat-and is for.
sulling fi i nearly half a ')l' tulry of
their inliI il al) and ,lmilnred success
T'it,. \\'ee.kly ,,curi-r-.Journal is not a
m 're hasty h,,tch-potchl thrown from the
d.tily lijii ,, biut ia ml hplete, able, spicy
family new,,Wpaper, c-refully and intelli.
g'ltly cditetd in every column and pera.
graph.
('iMi"e from 225 ,taldard books, or any
one ,' tlhet I'adling unagazints or illustra
t( il periodicals ft,I' a tlie're pittalnce itt
addition 1to thf lpriice ,ft the Courier-Jour.
111 1 alt 'ne.
I'KIEN'TICE·$ POEMS and the Weekly
Courier Jo;rnial ftlte year for $3.00.
A slplendi, Map of the South, size
,x ;ýl ilnches, ha:ldsoime.y colored, var.
ni~sl.hed and hung on rulers, retail price'
A'.)4, will he pre.entd to each subhecri.
I 1fr to the Weekly Cole rier-Journal whof
sends us ý3.i00
'lrIni, .2.00 a year, plostage paid. Lib.
eral ofllrs to, elus of five or more. Spe
cimu.n 'co1 y audl dsccriptive circular free
to llany atddlress.
Afllre'ss W. N. IALI)EMAN,
PrIs. Colricer-Journal Co., Louisville, Ky
W anted- A carpenter and:
wife \V h were \\l'recked on the Steamer
llM -I l d1esire, ni'lo nyment. ''he carpen.
ter is a goodl workmanl , and wife cook
laulllll'ress or'lOlluse serl'valllt..
Aplply by lItter through Post-office or
to ED)WARD SCOTT,
At Mrs. McLauren's Landing.
R. R. R.
RADWAY'S READY RELIEF
CURES THE WORST PAINS
In from One to Twenty Mlnutwe
NOT ONE HOUR
der readingthis advertisement need any emj
SUFFER WITH PAIN.
RADWAY'S READY REI.IEF IS A UREB
EVERY PAIN.
It was the fintand Is
The Only Pain Remedy
that instantly stops .ie most exeraciating pains, albns
Inflammations, and cures Cmngestions. whether ofl4
Lungs, Stomach, Bowels, or other glands or rluan, I
one eappllcatuoa.
IN FROM ONE TO TWENTY MINUTE,
no matter how violent or exeruciating the pma 4d
RHEUMATIC, Bed ridden. Infirm, Crippled, Ner ,
Neuralgic, or prostrated with disease may saler,
RADWAY'S READY RELIEF
4 WILL AFFORD INSTANT EASE
INFAMMATION OF THE KIDNEYS.
INFLAMMATION OF TUE BLADDII
INFLAMMATION OF THR BOWELS.
CONGESTION OP THE LUNGE
80RE THROAT, DIFFICULT BRIATHINO.
PAlJITATION OF THIE HBA3
HYSTERICS, CROUP, D1IPHTERIA.
CATAJIaI, INTfLUNIA
HEADACBS, TOOTHACHE.
NEUR AITIA, RHIUMATIYI
COLD CHILLS, AGUE CHILLS.
Theapplicationofthe Ready Relieftothepeai
parts where the pait or diflioulty eists will lford s
and Comfort
Twenty drops In halfa tumbler of water will las s
moments cure CIIAMPS SP'ASMSOUUR STOMAV,
HEARTBURN, SICK HEADACHE, DIARKUOI4.
DYSENTERY COLIC WIND IN THB HOWKI5
andall I TERNAL PAINS.
Travelers should always carry a bottle of R
way's Ready Relier with them. A few drops a
Water wilprevent sickness or pains from change
water. Itisbetterthan French Brandy or Blttrn Mr
stimulant.
FEVER AND AGUE.
FEVER ANDAGUERclredforflfty eents. There
aota remedial agentin this world that wil cure Fedf
and Ague. and all other Malarious, itmlou, Seu
Typhoid, Yellow, and other Fevers [aided by R
WAY'S PI ,I. SJo quick as RADWAT' ELADT3
LIEF. Fifty cents per bottle.
HEALTHI BEAUTYII
STRONG AND PURRl RICH BLOOD-INCRIEAS
OF FLEikI A ND WEIGHT-CLAR SKIN AMN
BEAUTIFULCOMPLEXION SECURED TO ALAt
DR. RADWAY'S.
Sargapillia lResolvent
THE GREAT BLOOD PURIFIKI.
BAS MADF. THEg MOT ATONRTINTC "URU:
QUICK,(O RAPID ARE TK (:HANGES.TI
BODY UNDERGOES.UNDKR THEINFLUINO
OF THIS TRULY WONDERFUL MMDIOIN,
THAT
Every Dly a Increase in l1esi
anl Weight isSeen and ell
ivery drop of the SARSAPARILLIA. WR '
VENT communicates through the Blood. Sweat, Ur 4
and other Fluids and juices of the system thevtgor
lif., for it repairs the wastes of the body with new
mound material Scrofula, Syphilis,. Consumpdo,
Glandular disease, Ulcers to the throat, Moultk Tt.
mor, Nodes i n thGlandaandother parltof thesyldn
SoreEyes, Strumorousdischarges from the Ear
the worst forms of Skin diseases, Eruptions, Fevw
ores, Scald llead, Ring Wormnalt Rheum,Prysipelas
Acne, Black Spot, Wormslo the Flesh, Tumors Can.
cerelnUthe Womb, and all weakening and Inpol d.
charges, NlghtSweats, Loss of perm andall wastesa
thelifeprinciple, are within the curetive rangeof t
wonderot Modern Chemistry, anda few days' use will
prove tony person usingitfor ether of thesa forlua
disetae its potent power tocure them.
If the patient, daly becoming reduced bytheu
and decomposltlon thstti continually progressl, sa
deedsnarrestingthese wastes, and repairs the
with new materlalmade from healthy blood--ad AS
theSARBAPARILLIAN willand doessecure-.4m
iseertain; for when once this remedy commsecese 1
workof purifcation, and sncreeds in dimlnlsling t.i
loIs of wastes ts repairs will be rapid. and every d5
the patient wll fee htmselfgrowing euser and stluFO
the fooddigestiug better,appetite Improving, and§ es
and weight inereaslig.
Not only does the SastAPtltrLtat Rerior.vu essta
all lnown remedialagents l n the cure of Chronte. Ne!.
fulous, Constitutionas and Skin dlsease ; buttitlS*
only positive cure for
Kidney & Bladder Complaient,
Irlnaryand Wombdiseases,Clravel, Diahe:a. i rokf
Stoppage of Water, Incontinene of Urinse, Isriht's
ease, Auminuria, and in all cases where thare are
brickdust deposits, or the water is thick, cloudy, mi5.
with substances like the white ofan egg, or threads UI
white sIlk, orthereis a morbid, dark, biliou loappMS
ance, and white bone-dust deposits. and when thelad
Ipriekmg, burnsu ensation when passing water, arr
ia Intns smahl'ta eJ Back and along the Los.
ITumor of 12 Years' Grow&
Cured by RadAway's Resol'nsr
' DR. RADWAY'S
pefeetly tasteless, elegantly oeated with sweet tK"
purge, regulate, purify, cleanse atl sreraii ·o
way's PIlls, for e cure ofall dlsordra lb he t -,msa.h
Live, Bowels, Kidneys Bladde,. Nervous DLis.cs
Headaebe, Coastlpatlon. noatlvess, Indlgetlon,D Ps'
pepsta, Mllousness, Bilnas Fever, Ilnammnation ofih
Bowels, Piles, and all I)erangements of the luternlL
lacera. Warranted to effect alpositive cure. Fi
Vegetable, entinlng no mercury, minerals or dt'
A re doe of R ADWAY'IR PLT. will free tb~sl
gimfromalite above aIlmed dtrters. Pricd.5
per Box. SOLD) BY IDRUGISTS.
READ "FAISE AND TRUE." Send one let1
MamptoRADWAY k Co. No. 32 Warren SIt.. ID
tork` Information worth thousands will be ent yoe
Ti St Lois Fari P
Patent Metal Lined.
These Pumpeare not
excelled in finish or
worLkmanhip, and the
objections to the com
mon Wood Pump
caused by the gradual
wearing of the bore i
in this pump obviated
aby a metallio spring
For aL w l.Piks '
- address
Semple, Birge & Co.,
MANUPACTURERS OP AGRICULTUTRAL tPI*'
MiINT8 AND SPECIALTIEB IN HARDWAD.
13 8athL Maime treet, 8t. Leabl s,
sR Please stat in what paper you red tbiL