Spirit cf the Ccuntry Press.
Attakapas &n'tinel, St. Martin's par
ish, hoists the name of Louis A. Wiltz,
Of Orleans, for Governor; speaks in
very flatoring terms of the crops gen
cverally and of corn in particular,
which it says is the "largest ever
grown" in the parish. Democratic
aid Conservmtire club are organ.
izing throughout the parish uhd the
people are enthusiastic.
Democrat, Rapides parish, says
that the Radicals need not expect to
be ieased by the Democratic-Con
servative party of that parish at the
expense of priuciple-"that's played,"t
and the whites of the parish as well
as one third the blacks intend to vote
the Democratic ticket.
Sentinel, Lafourche parish, speaks
in glowing terms of F. S. Coode as I
the proper person for Governor on
the Democratic ticket. Crops are in
tne condition.
Courier, St. Landry prarish, notice
with glatification the general favor
with which Dr. Jno. A. Taylor's name 1
is received in connection with the
lomination for the office of State
Auditor. Supreme court is now in
session at Opelousas attended by a
large number of the legal fraternity.
From the tone of the Courier we
would judge that the Democrats are
still divided in that parish.
Times, Caddo parish, says crops are
in good condition and the political
outlook at present calm with great
hope of snccess.
Caddo has hitherto been a strong
Democratic parish and we see inoth
ing to change it frIom the fold save
the ierttness of its people and the
idiocracy of those that would follow
off the teachings of the incongruous,
contradictory and ridiculous letter of
Leonard's. We hope, for the intellih
gence of that parish, that none will
be so ridiculously insane as to do so.
-[Ed.
It is reported that death war
rants of the negroes now in our
jail, and sentenced at last term of
the District Court some six
month since, have been signed by
Kellogg, and the execution of
these criminal will take place in a
short time.
The day for compromise with
corruption and affilliation with
thieve, has gone by. On all ques
tiorts of administrative reform,
our Convention must give forth no
uncertain sound, and the candi
dates SatM be taken from the thick of
the fight-not the fence.
A Mass Meeting of the Demo
cratic-Conservative citizens of
this parish will take place on
Thursday, August 8tb, to ratify
the nominations made by the St.
Louis and Baton Rouge Conven
tions.
Let every man in every ward
tira out and march in ranks to
this meeting.
The spirit of "bill-sticking" Ihas
seized upon our hotel keepers to such
an' extent that unless some limit is
put to these advertising fiends, our
Court4toom will be papered with
"Boarding Hoope" notices, hImedi
stery over the Judges stand ald on a
line with the head of that officer, is
displayed in bold letters, BOAnrDiNso
lottsos, "cheap meals,n c. If the
thing is not stopped, we are fearful
that advertiseaments will be posted
promienenously over Benheb, Bar and
Juryl thes we will have perambula
fang notices of Cheap Board, in the
persa of Judge and Lawyers-this
would, no doubt, ibe amusing, but not
mueh more inl bad 4ate than h the dis
jtwy of the advertisement now over
tblluges, stand.
obert MI. Isher Esq., is an
nouaeedas a eandidate for Super
|ftendent of Public Education for
this Mtate. ,
, b. steam-er Oreole,plying in the
lower aesaet trade, esdploded her boil
ers, totally destroying the boat and
krllng anid wounding a large number
Tb. San Antonio Ilruld says the
stage dnvrer"between that eity and
Ausn, are to be provided with Um
tweila. to hold over the stage robbers
Is ease it ruins, while they are rob
iag the malile sad paessengers.
* e a ,s In rleeeipt of a communiea
tio fros la friend iu time eountry ini
ti~t'ito tieclaims oftmea for the
ss.ltto-of Governor, at time Demo
seat'i party. We agree with opr cor
ueapfndeitla the main ad would be
g· d to pblit his well written cnar
ePlieo,p bat we dobt the policy
Sni the. i enemy public
1i* t . wi eoiple and we will de
tohfitjulatuymetltled to it, but
)n * set charge each ether with
ipnmow ,tha every thing
s, pesp t.sai ty of good eit.
;issn tn State. S in building up
. Evea s , ake, br, k
~'pbn i .i~ ! nnemlveud with
Abs ~*sltioa
MARTIN & SMITH,
-STEAM
SAW MILL,
Six miles south of the city of Natchitoches
PRICE: f
At the mill, per M. .......$5.00 to $10.00
Delivered in town, per M.,.........14.00
WTE TAKE pleasure in informing the
public that We ar,. prepared to take
CONTRACTS to build cabins. furnishing
therefor, lnmlber, material and labor, at
very low rates.
BOX COTTAGE,
with gallery, 14x18 feet, complete, shin.
glcd roof, put tiup for $125.00
BOX COTTAGE, 12x15 feet, with gal- t
lery, complete, put tp for $100.
Planters and others will find it to their J
interest to give us a call.
Orders left at this otlihe or with Louis is
Dupleix, will meet with prompt atten- I
tion.
tV, Orders left with Mr. E. Smith, at I
Willis Holnimes will meet with prompt I
attention. ds4. c
MARTIN & SMITH. i
April 10- ly.
- Get your printing done at
the VINDICATO3 Jgb Office.
WILD OATS.
PROSPECTUS FOR 1876. 1
Champion American Comic Paper! '
t
Illustrated by a corps of the best Ameri
can artists, and contributed to by the
most popular humorists and satirists of
the day.
Wild Oats now enters successfully up- t
on the sixth year of its existence, and
has become the established humorous and
satirical pape(r of the country. It was
started and continued the first year as a
monthly, then, to satisfy the demand of
the pnublic, it was changed to a fortnight- e
ly. Still continuing its good work of
hitting folly as it flies, and showing up a
the political and social shams by its
masterly cartoons and pungent editorials,
it achieved even greater success than c
before, and was recognized as tht ablest
and brightest of itsclass. Since then we
have yielded still further to the public
demand, and now publish Wild Oats F
weekly! It has literally grown into its E
present shape on its intrinsic merits, be- a
ing the first successful weekly humorous o
paper ever published in this country. t
Among the artists especially engaged t
to furnish illustrations for Wild Oats are
Frank Bellew, Thomas Worth. Hopkins, I
Wales, Shelton, Wolf, Jump, Keettels, e
Stuckhardt, Day, Poland, and several r
others who are yet known to fame.
In its literary departmeuts Wild Oats
will, as it always has, stand alone and t
unapproachable. At least one first-class I
serial story will always be/found in its
pages, by the best humtorous, satirical, I
and character writers in the United r
States; while its sketches and squibs
will be sparkling, original and pointed. I
Wild Oats will be first-class in every I
particular, and on this account may be
taken into the best families without fear
or suspicion, as no word or illustration
will appear that can offend the most fas
tidious.
I9* &nd for a Sample Copy and
Convince Yogurselres.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE:
One Year ...................... $4 00
Six Months..................... 2 00
Three Months................... 1 00
Single Colpies................... 10
Any person sending us a club of five
subscribers for one year will receive a
eopy gratis.
Address,
COLLINS & SMALL.
Publishers, 113 Fulton Street, N. Y.
EVERY LADY SHOULD TAKE IT.
PITBUSO 'S IAGAZIEl
TIHE CHEAPEST AND BEST IN
THE WORLD.
Postage Pre-Paid oe all SBtbscriptilone.
Thids popnlar Monthly Magazine gives
more for the money than any in the
world. For 1876, it will be greatly im
roved. It will contain One Thousand
Pages. Fourteen Splendid Steel Plates,
Twelve Colored Berlin Patterns, Twelve
Matummnoth Colored Fashions, Nine Hun
dred Woodl Cuts, Twenty-Four Pages of
Music. All this will be given for only
Two Dollars a year, postage prepaid by
the publisher, or a dollar less than Mag
azines of the class ,f "'Peterson." Its
TIIRILLIYNG TALES AND NOV
ELTIES
Are the best published anywhere. All
the most popular writers are employed
to write origmally "Peterson." In 1l75,
in addition to the usual quantity of short
stories. Five Original Copyright Novel
etts will be given, by Mrs. Ann 8. 8te
phens, Frank Lee Benedict, Jane (. Aus
r tin Marietta Holley and Daisy Ventnor.
MAMMOTH COLORED FASHION
S . PLATES
I Ahead of all others. These plates are
Sengraved on steel. Twice the ustual slze
oal are nteqnaled for beauty. They
will be saperbly colored. Also House.
hold and other reeeipts1 in short, eve.y
Sthing interesting to ladies.
SUPERB PREMIUM ENGRAVING I
To every person getting up either of
the followinog elbe for 1875 wilLbe sent
- gratis, a copy of our new and splendid
Smezuotint for farming, (sise 21 inches by
96), 'Washlngtsm's First iaterview with
SHis Wife." This is a Five Dollar Etgra
vidig, and the most desirable premium
ever offered. For large elubs, as will be
seem below, an extra copy of Mazuine
will be sent in additon.
TERMS (Always in Advanee) 2.00
a YEAR.
Postage Prepnid bg the Pwber.ce,
a Copies for...............8 60
I 3 U................ 400
6 . ".................. 1000
9 " " . - 14 00
I's~* " " ................ 16
-"'t bpp
superb mezzotint. "Washington's First
interview With His Wife," to the per
son getting up the Club.
Address, post-paid.
CHARLES J. PETERSON,
306 Chesnunt street, Pa.
$ Specimens sent gratis if written
for.
THE BEST PAPER. TRY IT.
POSTAGE FREE.
Beautifully Illustrated.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN now in
its 30th year, enjoys the widest circula.
tion of any weekly newspaper of the kind
in the world. A new volume conmmences
January 4,1875.
Its contents embrace the latest and most
interesting information pertaining to the
Industrial, Mechanical, and Scientific Pro.
gress of the World; D'scriptions, with
Beautiful Engravings, of New Inventions,
New Processes, sntu Improved Industries
of all kinds; Useful Notes, Recipes, Sug
gestions and Advice, by Practical Writers,
for Workmen and Employers in all the
various arts.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN is the
cheapest and best illustrated weekly pa
per published. Every number contains
from 10 to 15 original engravings of new
machinery and novel inventions.
ENGIRAVICGS, illustrating Improve
ments, Discoveries, and Important Works,
pertaining to Civil and Mechanical Engi
necring, Milling, Mining and Metallurgy;
Records of the latest progress in the Ap
plications of Steam, Steam Engineering,
Railways. Ship Building, Navigation.
Telegraphy, Telegraph Engineering, Elec
tricity, Magnetism, Light and Heat.
FARMERS, Mechanics, Engineers,
Inventors, Manufaeturers. Chemists, Lov
ers of Science, Teachers, Clergymen, Law
yers, and People of all Profetssions, will
find the SCIENTIFIC AMERIICAN useflul to
them. It should have a place in every
Family, Library, Study, ollffice, and Count
ing Room; in every Reading Room,
College, Academy or School.
A year's numbers contai n 832 pages and
SEVERAL. HUVDnED ENGRAVINGS Thou
sands of volumes are perserved for bind
ing and reference. The practical receipts
are well worth ten times the subscription
price. Terms S3 20 a year by mail, in
cluding postage. Discount to Clubs Spe
cimens sent free. May be had of all News
Dealers.
PATENTS In connection withl
S tile SCIENTIFIC
AMERICAN, Messrs. MINN & Co. are
Solictors of American and Foreign Patents,
and have the largest estllishment in the
world More than tifty thousand applicae
tious have beeu.made for patents through
their agency.
Patents are obtained on the best terms
Models of New inventions and sketches
examined and advice free. A special
notice is made in the Scientific American
of all Inventions Patented through this
Agency, with the name and resident of
the Patentee. Patents are often sold in
part or whole, to persons attracted to the
invention by such notice. Send for
Pamphlet, 110 pages, laws and full di
rections for obtaining Patents.
A,4dress for the Paper, or concerning
Patents, MuNN & Co., 37 Park Row
N. Y. Brach Office, cor. F anir 7th Sts.
Washinton, D C.
Jany 11875.--l
JOURNAL OF
AGRICULTIURE AND FARIER.
A Weekly for Farm, Or
chard and Family Circle.
The Weekly Journal and Farmer is a
consolidation of the monthly Joarnal of
Agriculture and the Weekly Missouri
Farmer, is now the greatest leading popu
lar Farm and Fireside paper of the
Southwest.
Its dlep trtments are complete and ably
edited. Tile Grange is a leading feature
and this department is always full of
good things contributed by the memblers
of the Order. The ladies are heard
through the columns devoted to their in
terests, anid many hints of household
utility and good advice tan be gleaned
by those who wish to become ornaments
in their homes and by their firesides.
All classes will be instructed by reading
the Journal of Agriculture and Farmer,
and no family should be without it. Its
MARKET REPORTS
are complete, autbhentic and reliable, and
the paper is worth the sulbseription price
alone to get its markets, fresh and relia
ble every week.
Send for it! Read it! Take its ad
vice, and it will pay you.
1 Men and women, boys and girls, old
, and young, give the Journal of Agricul
Sture ail Farmer a trial for one year,
- and see if you have lilt made a goodl i
f vestment. It is a large 8 page, 48 column
Sweekly Agricultural, Grange and Fami
ly Newsluaper, and is free from political
and religious disacussions, and its chaste
and well wxitten pages makes it a wel
come visitor in t1housands of households
Sin the great Mississilpii Valley.
Club agents wanted, to whom liberal
terms will be given. We waut agents
I in every town and village.
Send for specimen copy free, and we
, ask that you send us the names of your
t friends, so that we may semnd them spe
- eimen eopies.
- Subscription price, 2.00 per annum;
- elubs of or more, 11.50 each. Postage,
15 cents must be semt with each name,
as we prepay every paper sent out.
Address
CHEW, CORDELL & CO.,
310 North Sixth Street,
St. Louis, Mo.
WHITEWA TER WA00
fiR FARM, PLAITATION AND FIEIGHT.
AL80 n81N8 AND DEMOCRAT WAOOlS
o Where we have no Agents
we will sell direct to parties
desiring them. Price and
dsiso pt hrl/funished on ap
pcaton. The Whitewater
O costs a triflenore thlan ordi
nary wagons, but is the
0 cheapest tn the long run.
0 SEMPLE,BIRGE&CO.
0O l84/TIAllST.. 8T. LOUI8
0 Partles w rlting Us, wIll
please mention in What va
Sper they read our a ets.
Smen .s We · wish to give
edi~ wRhere It-Is dau
U- tiq4~s~ia YdbWORO*&
WE WANT AN AGENT IN
EVERY COUNTY
-IN THE
UNITED STATES I
---OO--
Gold Coin! $1,000.00 in Gold!
--00-
We Challenge the World,
And will forfeit $1,000 to any person who can produce a remedy which will prove
by actual test, a more speedy, certain and effectual cure for all Pains and Aches of
whatever form, external and internal, acute or chronic, deep-seated or otherwise
than
Dr. Radclifs Great Remedy,
Seven Seals or Golden WONDER
We have had this challenge of $1,000 prominently displayed in all our Circulars
and Newspaper Advertisements, for the last four years, and not taken, which
shows the superior excellence of our Remedy over all other. For External or In
ternal use.
It will Effect a Speedy Cure in all Cases of
Headache, Neuralgia, Toothache, Sprains, Bruises.
Flesh Wounds, Burns, Colic, Cramp, Cholera
Morbus, Flux, Diarrhoea, Bronchitis. Catarrh,
coughs, colds, Inflammatory Rheuma
tism, Asthma, Phthisic, Heartburn,
Indigestion, Summer complaint,
Pains in Side, Back or Loins,
Piles, Ringworm, Felons,
Stings of Insects, Bites of
Venomous Serpents,
and Especially Ru
matism.
A POWERFUL REMEDY Which is taken Internally by ANY ONE.
This celebrated medicine is beyond a doubt the greatest discovery in Medi
cal Science known to the world. Its action is at once felt; its wonder
ful cures are instantaneous; in fact it literally demolishes pain.
-00
EQUALLY GOOD FOR MAN OR BEAST.
00oo
REMEMBER WE GUARANTEE EVERY BOTTLE.
No Cure, No Pay!
Try it, and be Convinced.
--oo
SOURCE OF HAPPINESS TO MILLIONS OF SUFFERING HUMANITY.
During the past four years the wonderful success of this Great Remedy has far
exceeded our most sanguine expectations; thousands have been cured, and thou
sands have found out from actual experience that Dr. Radeliff's Great Remedy,
Seven Seals or Golden Wonder, is the Most Wonderful Pain Destroyer in Existence,
the Most Expedious, Safe and powerful Remedy known in the World. Cures are
effected almost Instantly, as if by Maic. Thousands of certificates have been re
ceived from all parts of our broad land, unsolicited and unasked for. speaking in
heartfelt and universal praise of this Great Remedy. from personal knowledge of
its almost miraculous powers in curing the most obstinate and protracted cases of
Diseases.
-00
-0-o-
$1,000 Profit in Four Months ! 1,872 One Dollar Bottles Sold !
READ THIS :
Scott Town, Lawrence County, Ohio.
Messrs. KENNEDY & CO.-Dear Sirs: At this late hour I will inform you of the
great benietit I received from the use of Dr. Radeliffs Great Remedy, Seven Seals
or Golden Wonder, after being contined to my bed for eight years with a complica
tion of diseases,Uviz: Dyspepsia, Bronchitis,. Palpitation of the Heart, Pain in the
Right Side, with General l)ebility, for which I tried the skill of our home physi
cians, also a doctor of New York City, and two of Pittsburgh, and one in the
northern part of Ohio. Took enough patent medicines to swim in-all to no par
pose. At length I was induced to try Dr. R:dclitrs Seven Seals or Golden Wonder.
I sent and got six fifty cent bottles, and before using it all found myselfable to
travel in a huggy. Took the agency for its sale last April, four uonths ago, and
have tpld thirteen gross, or 1,872 bottles, up to this date, A ,gast 20th, 1872, and
expeer ma the growing demand to sell ten thousanrd (10,000) bottles in the inext
year. :eutlemen, if you think this worth using you can do so, as I am generally
known over three counties as a man of great alliction.
Yours Respectfdully, II. J. DARLING.
-00-
A REMEDY FOR HAIlRD TIMES. TRY IT.
FOR THIS GREAT REMEDY WE WISH YOU TO ACT AS OUR AGENT.
Dear Sir:-The albove fully explains the articles we wish to sell. This business
is honorable, and by Ibeing energetic, will pay you well. It is our desire to ap
point an agent in every county in all parts of the United States alnd Canada, grant
nig to each the exclusive right to sell every bottle sold in the county. Should you
accept the agency for one or more counties, yon shall have the exclusive right to
sell every bottle sold in your county, as long as you continue to act as our agent,
and all ordemrs which we may receive from your territory shall be tarned over to
yoar account.
- This Wonderful Remedy, Seven Se:ds or Golden Wonder, sells rapidly in the
hands of the right kind of men, and we want none other. Now if you think you
are the man for the work, forward your order, name your county, andl go to work;
you can sell a gross in a few days, without a dloubt. We have one aman who buys
on an average three gross per week, and his orders are increasing rapidly, and he
has a small county, (Berks Co., Pa.) He writes that he expects to sell one gross
I per dlay, at retail, the coming season, not counting wholesale. You have the priv
Silege of selling wholesale or retail, or putting it on commission with druggists, or
selling by sub-agents. This business is worth the attention of good men and men
of capital. Should you make but reasomable wages-say $100 per month for the
firat three months (many make more)-you would nevertheless be establishiug a
business that would pay you largely in the end.
Agentis are doing better with our Remedy than saything else tlihey ever took
hodof. Why is this f Blecause the Remedy does just as we say, and our agente
I can warrant every bottle. No cure, no pay. Knowing that we muake all leoses
* good, should they be called on to redeem a bottle, agents run no risk of loes.
Seven Seals or Goldden Wondler is put up in *1,01 and 50 cent bottles, elegantly
finished in neat and appropriate wrappers, and packed in niae boxes, one dosen in
Ieach box.
To druggist. our scale of prices are-Large size, 1.00 bottles, per dozen, 88.00
I small size. 50 cent bottles, per dozen, $4.50.
We give special terms to our County Agents at such tigures that they can sell
- to druggists and country stores at the above price and make a handsome profit.
SWe also give an
Extra Premium to Agents !
In order to have live, energetic men to take hold of the business at once, we
Shave concluded to give free gratis to each and every agent a present of a handsome,
r fine
Coin Silver Hunting Watch, Free,
Beautifully engraved," and correct timne-keeper, worth $40,00, aMnd a certificate of
agency giving 80LE CONTROL of sueh county as the agent may select (not al
ready taken); and, furthermore, all orders coming from esuch conuntles as the agent,
may seeet, will be seut back by us to the agent to be filled-iu fact we give sole
control ofnceh counties as long as the agent continues in thie busiuess. Remember,
thie Premium Watch is given gratis to the agents. We take this plan to have our
Great Remedy qaickly anid thoroughly introduced. Let us hear ftrm youea at your
earliest coavenience, and secure yoar county at once, before being taken by some
one else. Remember, this offer is open for a short time only.
--o
A ewmaU Capital Bequired to liuu a Large Paging Bamime.
The capital required is very small, and the profits from it will fully equal that of
thousa.ds of methlumat who have invested a large capital in tlheir bnsiuess. Hun
dredrs in all parts of the country are mnaking from $1.500 TO $5,000 A YEAR.
And hundreds more will date their success from iaccepting our liberal offer at this
time. Any one willinug to work for success can force it, bhut those who believe that
it can be ,bad lfrom idleness are nmot the kind of men we want to push our business.
We want
A LI YE, ENERGETIC AGENT.
As one sneb is worth a dozen who expect a business to push itself. We have spent
iupn shing our business ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS.
It l.s paid us todo it, aid it pays our agents, as it advertises it thouronghly in
every gt.te, County and Township in the United States-not only for us, but fr
the Agent Remember, this is a life besiness and that every year it grows larger
and larger.
We will send topartles contemplating to act as our Agents a SAMPLE DOZEN
BOTTLES securely alcked with our dilferent Posters, Bills, Show Cards, Terms, ete,
UPON THE RECEIPT OF" .50. And all seuding p.10 for Sample Dozen, we
will send free of chr ige. Samples of our Eight Eegan, Chromes, entitled:
Good Moral.,r1 (IoBRlNigkt ! g G TB ChYicke.! MothTr'r. Gaw Out
of the .ryagr Pea! B Peep! .eBdisgtheBible! wrs Leeo..!
If yeo want your eounty, let as know m soon au convenient, as the territory may
betaken. We would be peaed to have parties who contsemplate tlaking an ager
cy, to send for Sample Package of this wonderful Remedy before aging lagaly
REMRMBEZ WE GUdtARANTEE EVBER BOTTLE.
NO CURIE NO PAYI
With 4.uwggcstions we leave tIle matter with youea. We do not wishy to
sge rI ess yea will follow She business as a buLsiess, sad really desims to make
money. We wat none buthonest, o sientioas mel. To such we will guarantee
scess. Address all eommqioatieais to
KEN1~BD & 00C,,
Soa Proprietors, Pittbuargh, Pa.
FLORAL GUIDE
Pozr 1878. P
DUBLISHED QUARTERLY. JANUA
ry Number just issued, and contains
over 100 Pages, 500 Engraving, descrip
tions of more than 500 of our best Flow
ers and Ivjetables, with directions for cul
ture, Colored Plate, etc. The most use.
ful and elegant work of the kind in the
world. Only 25 cents for the year. Pub
lished in English and German. e
Address, JAMES VICK,
Jan. 16-ly. Rochester, N. Y.
LL PAPERS QUOTE FlROM IT!
THE c
Detroit Free Press.
The liveliest of family newspapers. full
of interesting news, literature, humorous
sketches, spicy parazraph, etc. Sample
Copies free. Subscription $2 00 a year,
post-paid. Address
DETROIT FREE PRESS. e
Detroit. Mich. ta
NEW YORK TRIBUNE I!
The Leading Ametican Newspajier. ri
THE BEST ADVERTISING MEDIUM. n
Daily, $10.00 a year; Semi-Weekly,
$3.00; Weekly, $2.00 ci
POSTAGE FREE TO THE SUBSCI- cl
BER. si
Specimen copies and advertising rates n
free. Weekly, in clubs of 30 or more,
only $1.00, postage paid. Address P
THE TRIBUNE, "
New York. C
ARTHIUR'S ILLUSTRATED $
HOME MAGAZINE
FOR 1876.
Bright, cheerful, progressive, always up
to the advancing thought of the times.
The Home Magazine takes rank with the
leading and most influential periodlicals
of the day. It is on the side of temlIper
ance and true christian morality. What
ever is hurtif d it condemns without
fear or favor, and makes itself felt in the
homes of the people as a power for goodl.
The Great Household Magazine of
America, is more thoroughly identitied
with the people in their home and so
cial life than any other periodical in the
country.
"Delorah N.rman ; her work and her
reward." A new serial story by T. 8.
Arthur will be commenced in Jannary.
"FIFTY YEARS AGO; or the cabins
of the West," by Rosella Rice. We an
nounce this new series of articles with
real pleasure, knowing as we do that it
will be among the most attractive that
we shall offer our readers next year.
Miss RIice, besides holding the pen of a
ready writer. has in her possession a large
amount of original material from which
to draw, and a wide acquaintance with
people whose personal reminiscence are
rich with pioneer incidents and experi
ences.
"Homes for the People," a series of ad
mirably suggestive articles on homes and
how to make thenL pleasant and attrac
tive, by Mrs. E. B. Duffey.
"The Story Teller." This department
will be unusually rich. Besides an
abundance of short stories, two or three
serials will be riven druriug the year.
"'Pipsisiway ' Potts the inimitable de
hlneator of home life and character, will
have an artilo in every number.
Butterick's newest patterns for ladies'
and childrens' dresesq are given by blspe
cial arrangenent every month.
The Mothers' Deipartment will be care
fiully edited anid have suggestive artilesh
from ouir beat aud amoist experienced wri
teors.
Thie Honusekeepers' Department will be
full anld practical, and eontamin many con.
tributions from experienced hIousekelep
"TThe Lion in Love' and "The Interrup
ted Reader," two large and splendid pre
mium engravings. One of these is sent
free to every subscriber.
$2 50 a year is the price of ARTHUR'S
ILLUSTRATED HOME MAGAZINE.
In clubs; 3 copies for *6; 6 and one ex
tra to the getter up of tihe club $12. 10
and ose extra *20. 1' 15 cents must
be added to each sabseription for pre
paymlent of postage for the year. Spe
cimen numbers 15 cents, in currency or
postage stamps.
T. 8. ARTHUR & SON,
Philadelphis, Pa.
WILLIAMS' MOWER A REAPER
SEMPLE, BIRGE & CO,
S13 South Maintret. 19St. Louia
Idathammabaht.ia tv easesdthMs
EVERY FARNER HIS OWN HILLERL
CHALLENGE FEED MILLS
ass
Combined
8HLLER AND 6RmIDE
e uil -, bdmd e
Osage Corn and Cob Mills.
SEMPLE, BIBGE & CO.,
r edm1I5 a isadwam
S-somab Mit Us., ,.t Leas.
STHE DUBOIS PATEN'IT
nto'rsea;aL, asesa., e.a. taa Ah
Si-sam magdug 1 ege stam lSaat
dURn, I1oE· C O.,,
UsL alb aalm le. lT 1Wo s
WHY YOU SHOULD TAIg
THE CINCINNATI ENQUIll
It is the People'a roper, de. e
their interests and weltare.
It is an impartial friend to all l
measures that benefit the coUntry.
It is the enemy of all TIen aan
ures that seek only personal .)
expense of t!,e country'. wsela "re.
Its editori,11 columns are for the.
cial purpose of exposinI the
goverument officianls. an law
In language calculated to deceive t1
derstanding, and make plain to itchy
ers the motives, causes and r
genneral and special legislative act,
Its news columns contain the
news and intelligence that can be
ed fronm the four quarters of the s.
by mlane of the telegraph, mai)d
correspondence.
Its igrieultural columns are th. o
adapte to the wants of farmers, U
whom are invited to give their eu
ence and results of new ideas a6e
perimeuts of all kinds of inMtf
calculated to advance the f
terests.
One as7te of the Enquirer elli4
more solid intfrmation and intelli.
than can be had from fifty of the %4Nk
ed literary papers. None can lary
the Enquirer without admitting a r
able addition to his or her stock oflb~I
e(t e.
stI market reports have for yeas hel
acknowledged as the most conmplete
reliable published, and of great valh s
Stock Dealers, Piducers and Trea.
len generally.
It has depat ttnent. and reading forth
old and the young. For the family4
cle and the counting honse-Forthel
chant and amechanic-For the famer al
stock dealer, and for ladies and prath,
mlen of every calling and station a 1s z1.
Its terms are low as any fiaterate
per can be printed for, and the qln
and quantity of reading mnatter ua .
excelled by any other paper.
Try it fir this year. A Chrome fr
every $2.00 Subseriber. Send yeouz.
scription direct to the office.
R. R.R.
RADWAY'S READY IEUY
CURES THE WORST PANr
In from One to Twenty Minukte
NOT ONE HOUR
abrreadiothisadvertisementneeeaoe
SUFFER WITH PAIN.
RADWA'S BiRADY RRLTWEP IS A CU Ina
EVEaY PAIX.
It wasthe fnad Is
The Only Pain Rsemdy
that instantly stops themo etcruts ae la
hlammauons. and cures Ctmgam oes. a
ungs, ultmach, Bowels, aor ther gla sr
IN FROM ON TO TWr TY ar3 ,
sM matter bow violent or ezer cialag tI t Io
RIlHUMATIe, IodetridItm. Itartre, Crlis Ej,
herunlIc, o prosurated wthdiuemsyarl,s
RADWAY'S READY RELIEl
O WILL AFFORD INSTArNT 3AL
IIFAMMATION or TUE KIIexEIB.
s ralnost or aut no ra.
INFLAMMATION OF TUE EUWELS.
CON4ISwTION of TN I
tiII eu TOHKALTATINOA F
IUATERIit, CROUP, DIrPTEiA.
HEADACHI, TOOTlACHI .
NIEU  orAIII d 3 AUSm
COLD CHILLS, ANGU CHIA'
Theappileabtmoftte Ready RetleftasgAe
parts wNthe painaelor diuaty eastti. leist
sl tCaorL
Twenty dreps alfs tumbler ef wavt aae
mve iureCtAMPzPAutLM5.SOVU i
DTSFNTEUY (IOliC WIND 1N T WI.s
adall ITH ISAL PANE.
Travelers should always carry a bue d
Way's Ready Relief withthem. A it
water wilpreent sickness or 1inso tehaleN
water. It s beter than FErh ushra IYr men
I FEVER ANlD AOIIS
VER ANDACURGerea dorfty seab. aSrl
Oteremsiartlgeuttn world that will amelrt
and Alne. and all other Madlrousa i,
Itho tYellow, and other Fever.
WY'I PII.I.Sisqutck R ADWAIIAIm ,
LI~P. F lyciiseperbottlr.
HEALTHI BEAUTTI!
DR. RADWAY'S.
S raafilliai BI enir-i
THE CREAT BLOOD PURIFmb
QUICK. 0 CAPID ARK TbIM CA
M3D YUND R OW.UNDRtJrIN
OF THis TRULY WONDWarUL
InA eigaaela alii
arrel Ibthe SASiuat UA IW -UI.
Oleadeter FLdsa Uer th y the,
rat wRuhewstelthi e ed
Vmdnyr & Bler.der oL.
tek yaM ews if Ster Iesa., Keus_,s ew"
Acme. Irers Wmbiea ---at t Diaa,
o Law oler perai
Piathe seot dibecoMe tadrl
we lek . and alll succeedss dbbl
the lgesBaheWarS tassmetmetaulet
1eetJ yabl salaratsumaaeart
ilmw remealaUeaola ots, d lb. UM e
tuloU. Coklotad d
eat tMstlleo Lurearl
56 oo buno s ti s
WHilboaetseel mebt.d s I
we~Alar la gn atta
rsimple BrIe Za s ZWo.,r
'DR9. orADWAT ALTSrf*
al D t crALge INt BAif th