Largtst Circtlatit4y o/" .deny
Ceputry Pt'a er iit the State.
Rates of Subscriptiou.
One Year....... .................... $ 50
Six 3otl........... ....... 1 50
"Nonluscriptioln takan for less than (;
months.
1'AEII IS
ýrlttL~~ A dw, ,,: , \r N . "S
LOCAL IAUL.
Pouched DInr.1i the Week.
Pithy and to the Point.
Divine Serv ice to-morrow at the ('ath,
lic Church and also at the Elpiseopal.
Sickness throughout the eountry has
tbeen c lispYelld. 'We hear very 'little talk
'ot it, and our Doctor's don't look happy.
Dash me, if there isn't a Washing IMa
'chine man in town; he's iboardi,' at Fon
"tenot s.
'Capt. George lHamilton, 'the genial
gentleman, is on the deck of the Dnrfee.
George knows how to ring the bell.
Our friend Charley Smith, runs the
V, and about 2"WJ men bher there nu
ring the week.
"Caltels' C('sey" i thrFront street Sa
loon, where the nptowners take tlheirlast
drink "as they go w.ending hem.'," (hie).
Judge David Pierson h as retur.ied from
PeSoto, looking a. well and as happy as
ever.
'The remains of Forrests' Cavalry de
parted hence, amid the tears of the en
tire conmmunity.
13r.Joseph Aaron has returned toNat
chitoches, from an attempted residence
in Mississipli.
Onr ynune friend Jimmy Moise is the
crack billiardist of the place. 'rleble
discounts the best players.
Dr. S. 0. Seriggs was with ns last
week. We have not had the pleasure of
seeing the Doctor for many a day before.
The rlarkdi men are porking their
customers. It has not been the case
b,(c)fore in some time.
Murky, d(lark and lowcry, is the weath
er some days, when on others the sun
shine dispells the gloom.
Young man, if she does',it ask you in
after seeing her home, don 't waste any
more oyster soup on her - it's a hopeless
case.
The talk in Natchitoches goes on ; this
time it's about Cotton Factories, and it
will be habit a hundred years before the 1
talkers come down to action.
Our river hReporter at Grind Ecore ,
has. got the shakes; he's afraid of too
big a rise. (h.:nil Ecore wouldn't be a
"port" then. youi know.
The White's stole three bales of cotton
from Petitjean, and, after selling the e
same, sloped. Deputy Sheriff Collier is c
in pursuit.
8omebody has opened a barrel of sa ,
tred whiskey in town. We heard a n
loaded cuss singing "Old 1!undred" last f
Satnrday. e
The rains continue this week, and they t
are disastrous to the cotton crops. As 1
far as we can learn the rain fall is gener
al all over this section of the State.
Major Lane, parish Tax Collector, has
been in town during the week. He is
looking well and reports the situation in I
hisneighborhood undisturbed. t
Our old(friend Dr. J. W. Cockerham
paid Natchitochca a flying visst. The
Doctor isrusticating in Wine, and looks
-agenialae ever.
"If yon call that coffee," said a conn
iryite to a dispenser of the "fragrant" at I
ten cents a cup, "you are not acquainted
.ith beans." t
Elijah Cox beats the corn men with I
an ear from the Hills. It is of the straw.
Berry gourd seed variety, and the grains I
number 1430.
Antilley's pepper stalk 'wasn't a yarn.
"He brought two in town from which
nearly a half bashel of peppers were ga.
Tainalas-that is, mush stufled with I
shbopped pork and boiled in shucks, is a
h!yenrage at the Phenix. Ellen is sel
"ia' them. I
It i sail that ·hard times don't make
+sahs; they only bring them to tb
aurfac. Lord, what hard times have
oe bad in this country lately. "
A young man talking of beginning life li
-thlu town with only ten cents in his
b-hesh pocket! Why uir, we know
men who" began life here with no,
behes at all.
The Is one umnversal howl over the
-iaThnee or the loaves of bread our ba
ier soels. It takes two to make a slice
ottoast. That baker is not well bred,
or he wwld give us bigger loaves.
"When yo a see a young married man
coItemplating baby carriages with a
calm eye you may infer that the matri
monial sky is bright, serene, and a little
Sonny m."
Ashley, the old Telegraph operator has
hmn succeeded by a live young man.
lihd In your orders. The line is deter
ised to waddle along ahead of the big 50
ule in future. in
W. H. Tunnard, Clerk, reports the r
Blowing marriage liceses issued during n
, , eek:
~!al Detrbanne to Miss Zeline Rerry.
J:b: Jtay to Miss V. T. Koriard. b
$' O.lity tax collector has become fully o
6h- d that tufts of grass wont bring on
-i-L ta delinqunents, and he is going to fo
- their property to the highest o h
S 1hajor It. Stanley, t'rom Vernon parish,
Sth'opped in the VINDICATTou Sanctlm ainSd
talked with our chief. Major Stanley
ary reports tlhe cotton crop of Vernon short,
but the bread yield is ample.
D A. )lae('lishere Esq., visited our city
during the week, and is brim full of im
,0 migration. Mr. Blackshere is a large
50 land owner, who will sell to settlers in
any ,'laantity.
S "You Buind!" yell(ed a Dutchman as
* an irate towniti downed hinm with a
blow from his list, last week. The Dutch
man owed the townite for corn juice. and
swore he'd "he il-n if he paid it in solid
corn."
The river continues to rise with a rush
and is in splendid lFIat ri i order. We
have now two packets in the:.(;rand
Ecore trade. 'T'lhe l)irl;ie on 'Tuesdilay's,
and the A lexainldria on Friday's. They
will continue in the trade until the Bart
Able resumes her trips.
They have a new name for it. When
a city official stays out 'till 2 o'cloek in
the morning, he don't charge Ii- friend
tho- iown with Ildetaining him-li-he "has
1,ee, engaged in org:nmizing a Co('mnmittee I
has of Safety."
alk Sweet potatoes, pork, and fowls are
TV- now tm mau ket, but in limited supply.
1fa- Potatoes 75 cents per bushel, chickens
*,z $2 .0 per dozen, and Pork It)0 cents per
pound, is what they ask for the "coun
try produce." 1
The rush on tlm tax collector was tre
fee.
mendons, but still tile delinquent list is
large. If the present delinquents can't I
the pay the taxes on t),ir lrolperty lht them
(u- sell out to those who can make some- I
thing otf of it.
Sa- The wifei of Johln G. Lewis, colored
lait memlber of the Legislature from this par
ic). ish, lied on Molnday last in this city.
'o Lewis cruelly deserted his wife some
timte since, and his wherealbonuts .' i un
known. Of such as hinm, is the radical
party..
de
en- A youth from Georgia, flat broke and 1i
on the snooze, wanted to shove his
watch for three dollars to one of the r
at- leading nmerchants on Sunday last. Geor- p
Ice gia still keelps time, and has gone to
meet Captain Dufrock. s
the "But I'lass," said a minister one Sun
ble day, in dismissing one theme of his sub
ject to take up another. "l'heni I make
ast it splades !" yelled out a man from the S
of gallery, who was dreaming the happy r
hre. hours away in an imaginary game of eu
.hrt.
lr
Tfow nicely this fits our milkinen we'll ei
leave the public to judge by the howls
they'll indulge in when they read this is
sule of the VINIIc.ArTu. An 1up tos\ ni la
in- dly found a imunnow in the last pint, and
the larteal vendor vowed "the brindle P'
in cow had been ill swnlin' agin'." ill
,I.
ny IIalf the fools of the IUntited States tI
Sllthink they can heat the doctors curing the J
sick; two-thirds of tlmhem are sure they
is ean beat the ministers preaching the gos- of
it pel ; and all of them know that they can
he beat the editors running thle paper.
The "aInst Capltiini" made 4itris e the
re war by the''oi.federates. is living in our th
00 Town. lie crossed a Florida river, in a re
> skiff General John C. Breckinridge and ca
stuf, who were on their way to Cuhan, for or
on I hich service he w:as knighted by Bree.k
he enridge aniid made a Capltain. We would te
is call him a Naval officer! In
'Our citizens want to know whether the
a city government must look into the milk
a mens' adultlterated stf andi protect us
st from the pangs of too mnuchl water in our
coffee. Is every hit of our statesmanship na
ry to Ie wasted on the Town ditch V For- I
As bid it Heaven ! i
r- A man in Benton wrote to the officials
for "a ohlanuce to run on the B. C. & M. ti
as Railroad." He was told that lie might
is 'riim ou the road" a.I mcch as he liked if
lie would only keep out of the way of the of
trains. is
dir
A "po-ik" thus states it truly : e
m The thirsty skeeter folds his languid us
wings,
ke Draws in his augur, and no ionet sings; ne
No more artesian wells hle tries to sink, le
Or cornmes up to the bar to get a drink; Ye
n- ILi sleep he waits another season's cupl; ni
at He's comatose; his pump is frizzed up! be
ed Drones, according to Naturalists, are
the spontaneous offspring of the queen ge
th bee.' If it is so, there is many a fellow ly aU
w. ing around this town, in a standing white ia
as collar that's a "spontaneous offspring" of me
the biggest sort. The elffort of rolling a of
Sa cigarette nearly takes their breath
*h away. as
a* The Unitel States mail from below, e
transported by the well-known big mule QI
h line, failed to reach this place for seven ti
a d(ays. We understand it has been dc- t
1. tained by the ferryman below this, at 40 sh
mile ferry, for debt One himn by the con- sp
Stractor. Can such things be and over
come tu is a republic. In justico to Mr. mo
Richardson, sub-lessee front this to the is
forty mile ferry, we would state that he fill
has done his duty faithfully, the fault ea
Slies on the line from the ferry to Alexan- h
dria.. wr
Mr. Joseph Henry has sold all his Berk- S
shire pigs at $825,00 the pair. His next of
litters will be for sale in February. As str
San evidence of what hogs these pigs e
Swould make, if let run to 18 months old, co
0 we are informed that one was killed at
S12 months which weighed 282 pounds, dci
and another at 14 which weighed 312.- ne
1 They were not pen fed either. ou
a This is the Mayors' Bakers notice in "
- New Orleans, issued daily, and the orders gfo
a must be adhered to. ry,
Sixty ounces for twenty cents. ma
s Thirty ounces for ten cents. d
Fifteen ounces for fifteen cents, cro
Bakers of bread are required to use on- ed
- ly the hest flour of the above value ($7,- gro
5 50) per barrel, and the use of damaged or al,
inferior flour in bread offered bor sale in his
this city is prohibited. Consumers of ago
e bread are requested to report at the gre
nearest police station any violation of the et
above ordinance, either in variation of A
weight or quality of material. Chi
Could'nt our City fathers see to the dou
bread here. gSay they gave us forty-eight e
r ounces for twenty cents. Twenty-four hon
J ounces for ten cents, and twelve ounces resh
) for five cents. The complaints from pur- sh
Schasers is universal, and there is a bread ove
ordinance which has never been aforced* at t
risl, A contemporary says, that a Dutch
Aind Editor went Bear hunting and shot a
iley Polecat, supposing it to be a heat. lie
ort, put his booty in his hunting bag, and
told everybody he mit he had killed one
city yong bear, afi hlie smielhl dl plenty mire
all along the road for four miles. They
rge burned the lDuthman. That Washilig
Sij1 toun Street townite tl:at was splashed
last week, must have smelled like this
Das utchman's bear.
11 Mayors' Coiurt d;urin the week con
el- sidered a ro\ betwlecln Sollllll o land
an l Oeren, hlth of African origin, although
olil the i'lght splinig from pure whihkey.
The ruler of Sheblia was the last qiein,
with Whomn Solomon had a row, and it is
sli
We reioled he hli a line iirei: we hear
testimony this was a, finer- ;; ami
costs. Molomnon departed without glory
h asyid the Queen went East ; that is,
across the river.
lart
'"Old farmnler liggns most sadly said,
hen As eke hlie scratelhed his snow-white head.
in "My craps is iighty slim this year
I'll starve to death 'fore spring I fear,
SWhy, ' wheat is worth its weight i1 gold,
has And corn ai'int to it heoiglht, I'm tohl.
tee It's just lly luck when grain is high,
To harvest craps in thin supply.
1577.
ar l ow's craps ? why blast the cusscd Iuck!
- 'reckon as it's nii andl tlek
ens As how I gets 'em iii at all-
'T'he hIa\tves is so big this farll
Morte a heat. more corn, oats, and rice,
un- Nor can we sell at any price.
The imarket's full--I know too well
I'll starve because I cannot s0l'"
is It is understood between Mr. Hrall, the
in't Dist ict Attorney, ald the Bar that the
ent Criminal I)ocket, at the next term of the
te- Distriet Court, will he 'aled on Tuotsday.
December 4th, of the first week, for the
red purpose of ftixing cases. All accused per
sons under bond, as well as all witnesses
ar
heretofore sunmmoned i criminal cases.
who have not leen discharged, will find
it to their interest to be on hand that day.
cal The bontls of acclsed persons not lpresent
will be declared ffolitedl, andl albsent
witnesses will be attach.ed at their cost or
nil lined for contemnpt.
his Assessor Johnson has completeed his
roll of assessment and forwarded it to the
or- State Auditor.
to The value of property for this year is
$1,212.3,40, agaiinst $1,095,305Inst yetear.
State 'rIaxes this year.........517,57`,93
SParish " .......... 12,1'3,40,
11b- --
ko Total....................... .$0.702,33g
State, 't'axes last year.......... 13. 9t;.-12
P l Parish " ' " .......... 15.1'1(i,.42
u
Tot al ......................317 92,94
hRelnet ion first year l)emo
11 eratic rule........... .... . .$2,096,31
lIs
is- RELIGIOUS.
il A cordial invitation is extended to the
lie public to attend a service of lihile read
ings, and Lectures delivered by Rev. T.
J. Ioulgh, at the Protestant Church in
es this city every Thursday at 7 o'clock P.
he M. Scitxs fic
ey In answer to inquiries made 1by many I
is- of our country triendasas to bo" these
an services are conducted we would say:
'T'hose who desire to engage in the servi- 1
ces take their seats with Bible in hand.
le Tickets aure distributed, with luiumbers ill
dlicartinrg the verse, chaptcr, anrd book in
ur the Bible, which they are expected to t
a read; aftri" siirgs and prayers, the Pastor
nd c.lls urt thle nntibers, beginning with
or one, auIe conitinuinrg until all have read;
as each rnaumler is called the pcrson hav
- ing the ticket reads the verse as indlica
Id ted o his or iher ticket, and tihe Pastor
makes such commenlt as he mnay deenl
proper thereon.
ie We give a synopsis ofn reading and
Ik lecture condulicted last Thursday evening
on the inmportant subject of
Bible Womnen.
Including what the Blible says of wo
men, of their oftices and their work mider a
r- Divine commrandl, and remarks on the I
duties and resplonsibilities of womeun who s
are nowantnrlbirs of tile church,
, We do not iiteidl to dliscuss tin, ques
ie. t u of "Womtn's Right's" or "Weonan's
lt Preaclrhing" techlnically so called. We Ibe- t
lieve wormin has her legitiimatu sphere of a
if action, which dliffers generally fromn that
. i of inan; and in this legitimiate siphere sihe
is both happy and nsTful. We are not
disposed to believe that it would be sub
servient at all times to the happiness,
d usefulness, or true dignity of woman,
were she permitted to occupy a promi
n; IIot part ii legislative halls, or take a
leading position in Cllhrrch Conferences. a
Yet sacred and profane history point to
nineronrs instances where women have
been calledl to occupy exhlalted positions c
in Church and State, andl where in the
re providence of Giod site has met the oreer
i gency with becomring dignity, wisdoui,
Sand woruanly grace.
t Anti when from time to time woman
has been called to sustain positions ot
of mormentous trust, involving the destinies
a of her country, facts show that she has
h niot been wanting in ability to tneet the
demands of her station in such a mlanner
as to cormmand the respect of her constit
uents, or the homnage of her subjects.
' Look at Her Most Gracious Majesty,
le Queen Victoria, thie reigning sovereign of
n thie nmost mighty, intelligenlt p)eople of 5
this or any other ago. Who questions tl
hlr ability for her station ? or says that I
0 she has transcended the bounds of tile
- sphere of woman i a
r- And yet, many hold in derision the idea 5
Sof a female pirophet, a femala judge, a fe- i
r male poet, a femnale warrior; and yet, it
to is an undeniable truth, that wonmen lhave
e lilledl all these offices with credit to them- S
It selves, and with satisfaction to the pub- n
lie; in the highly honored list of those
Swho "Trough faith subduel kingdoms,
wrought righteousnress, obtained promi
ses, stoppedl the monuths of lions, quench- v
Sed thie violence of fire, escaped tile edge
t of the swordnl, out of weakness were mrade
s strong, waxed valiant in fight, and turn
ed to flight the armies of the aliens," fe- 8
male nanies, too, stand recorded with
i, commendation and renown. P
t While oaur blessed Lord was betrayed b
ldenied, andi forsaken by men, yea by his p
chosen disciples; we know that woman t
never stung the Saviour with a traitor- in
ous kiss; she never denied him with an
unholytongue, and while apostles and
followers had not nerve to brave the dan
gers and awfiul tragedy on Mount Calvy- ar
ry, anrid tied and forsook their Master, wo
man composed of finer material than tIhe
dust of the earth, followed Himn to the
cross. and with agonised hearts, witness
Sed His last sufferings, heard His expiring
Sgroan, and followed his body to the hurr
r al, and. after thie sepulchre had hiddlen
I his form from their vision, sat :over hi
f against the tomb to mourn. Neither the
a gretat stone, nor the governors seal, could
Sdeter them from the object of their love.
f As two-thirds of the members of the to
Christian Churches are females, ard as to
doubtless nine tenths of the deep piety,
and devotion to the cause of Christ is to
be found amnong the sisters of the church;
! honesty demands that they should have a Co
Srespectful consideration. e
If woman was first in the transgression
she has atoned and paid tor her act twice
over, she was last at thire cross, and tirst p
at the sepruchre. ru
ot a any ,po itir ,to wom1ni1 w ,iplk, let -ss
1,se('(h vO beforiIe w piroceedl furllthr to
lei c 1onsihl1r ,ou 'self as inll the ilnulldi;at
lx4 presence of the Father of Lights, hI,I im
Sone,~ l u 1 lDivine illumlination, rtesoilvedl that
or , ton ill 1(14 our lid up to the con
victhion. ( truth.
ihy For oulll c(lll' leilncc, anll for the Ibettler
iIng- ulderstanding of the Subjiect, weh shall di
vide outr hlcture into ti,u, dift rent parll..
this •.st. Are to keep silent.
2d. l'commendatmlions and Trusts.
coX- '; . P pl'l ltesses. t
4th. Minitlrs
:l 1st. Are to Keep Silent.
gil 1 C r 1t-314.
,key Lt 'ntr w'rlln keep 5silen ill the
en, th -urhiie si , fi it is noI t pcrluitte'd 4 1Ih'nl s
it is l to speak ; Iut they 'are (ovm natuldt' 1 to Ile
heal' uui'r olldie1nce, as also saith the Law.
x 11: this passa)4 of se4 iti re Imore t110
for anlly o(ther ill tile lBible t seal thell months 11
of those holy 111( coosecrattid \womneni
55'ho have r'c((-i\v'ed the ha:ptismn of the tll
ly (ilost, and 1ho desire to impart the
kol1w1'ldge' 6f its reception to oth1er, an111l
this "unet Isuhtle ofi all the hblists oif thi
te l ic,,hl" has ifus d t his it h i(ll nto tihe til Ils
of l nll1" good 1 ll en anl d o\1 en111'i4 .
Let Ils ask f'IroII whIcl e illm, th 4 llelll ,
c hl ' lil m 1 x + n 11' 1 art ll- .No to k11 (,1 p silent 111
in oui, 1hurc hls W \'11h'1 h,.)as pl -r'Salc 1 thi
sall lieto cireb 4ron her il ipl' Celt inly not
rv. rtll' lfl i t c 1 ios.,o ll usages-thinik of a 1
hall r ,1 rl. or gath ring on s lnt fslt til'
lk! occasion. \whe.r( sil;'4e, wotthl he inolmsvd
ton wolien, who woluldl attend sluch t I ga
liCes, i till hoit" ' Ir wonhl ie ljoy it if llthii
dil aIctl d ? lu o, i i. not til woril thll lat
e, cliirsce,; tho good lbook well ways Theor
generation than the thild'en of light.''
It iste lvoice oft at few oldti chr11 ihes,
(and Methodismliii i not e1 tiIel'4 1.11 te' front
the the ice,) hlito h f l(ril,il. tuhat woai;nl should
the on' hr mon 1th int prayer in the as1se- ii
plies of:slints.
tr If lPaul',s pro1thibition "Let your nmtle li:
d keepil silent ill the churches" is cto e rar il
the ri d out o the letter in relation to ther.
l- wprophesyh ig of the cwtllrc, regardle iss of1
I t expllanaltory Tnt ye retios, ahnd ii tilel' Pr
Iee Loryl, assages, c hty shollhi i tht e ars- sti
Ssit her iout tolettoeer inotli r respec ts It tl
111l the apostle intended to enjoin hileace in I
I ll t11 asolf t e fr ll c. l eu ollu a sli:p co:ur- l ,
frhliclls trespls agaClllinst this prohibition p
et ' te ,lI) tlt' f Ii lllnn i l in ('0lillthls, 1i114i th e
of stIlt b vy 1'heure,1 54r1allt of the callirl lIt the
tor 101 in their hea-iti'iul chnrch liturgy, c"4
and tyrepenoullrel.ty r1ep. our Lords r 11
in concert with thcir brethren. 4.
his And thus d lo W llome n also trespass
bthat galnst thii ptlro)hib iui eVly tl they1 14
break the silence. and unite in holy song
in the ehaireh of God in any d<enoination.
is'This soIll allotw is all right, l lbut when1 1
l the spiri t of tod is po led outIn the il,
,93' dan ghfirs Zion, ivingi thleie toi w (ell
, 11, ig irrllre1, sile ut to terances of Gods
-- great go(nel+s , .ante cohl chrchmnan is le
,33 ready to say "that is all wrong." t1
Th irregulard ity ilPaul ti Ctplainied o1f 1
1 h> itwas peculiar toi thle r('oris hia1 chllurch
2 llld was not applicable t1o llly othlllerL
-- churches of his day, nnInch less to thill
!ll chur'ches of the sllt etil lte. Th lilap ts- 1
ihe did not urge any oljertion to wo1iens i
,31 his ilnging, or praying during church se
vices, to the contrary lhe gives splreciat l di 0
rections ,5as to how the women should hel
attired hen ti hey, are pllraying in the to
churcihet, or aret engaged h ir pubh. lic wr
eshiP. ft
C- at ihe di int-t qil to restrain Vomen is
of e of takin to part in tenhli l debates in o
n the matterms peI'taining to religion. In t th
I 'Jwisfh l.yn,'gCh. s it, was not unl sale utio
f'or My e one to interrupt tll speaikers by
propoundiihg a question. This practice (
Shad S no l lb ºt, i hcn infrtti to itotlo h1
ese Corinthian Christian church, and \Vlionlen
erp disth osed to take part i these 1de- e
hates. his Acts. Pa1-9l did not approve f, t
in- Alnd the satrie man l invor11 dlIgt theors, fi
Slonslu arwi niclid prophesy. I
:" A S Judse if that gs ch a ostle
It were to Cnll int solleo tile wife of l'tilth
S An' wDlbo l el Pavorilig o attract es tei
-Prophets pby ltinl ithe hir I-liiwtilr, ,r h
d il uttering themir ilk, o t in tig aut andlblic
is lac4 ohir li affiin their m to tlile gtes oif to
tr ing and other scripture. " e kp
silend in th l of the o s rch."os,
Seard, iRer.tioi wndalnt and Trusys. f
tI commht enter in ato yot Phebe or sisters to
Sworshich i a servant of th e Lor church wh a ist
eLord, as bleometh saints, and that ye as
sist her in whafsoewr hnsiuess she hath
Ma Mst d lebe, a servant of tholl chtreh atl
Scipesthat Pals ipstle dao tlhe Rl,nll81 itt line
n le laliu froke these thiwo eceds unto her. s
that Phehe was a 2-erval. of th church,
e that sh hse should h unto tie elas beeomn thi
a to allt, that she had been of gret assist-i
Yae toand certain that tails the ost l
Scmportant eliste was etonitrusted to the l
ecarle at this sainted plchnl.d devoted wouin
o An the church, she carricklyd it to the i-y o
Rit plhre withand read i i the churchesand reat jo, and did
un this important businss. or
run to bring his disciples word, o
adk Mark. 10-J.
5 And when Jesus wns \a, risen early thlt
r 11 first day of tile week, he appearedl 6.st
hit to lMary Magdalino (and said unto l'r') go
ii- to imni hwrcirrtn ad so i u tlo fui u I ascendll
hut uto mny Father and to yorur Father, and
t"- to my (tod aiid to Vyour ;godil.
Matthew, 2J-10.
i Then 'l said .Jsiis unto thenr (1i' wo
l. miin) he not afraid: ;(o fell ty brr threen,
John, 14-39:1
And mlaniy t' lthe satria:lrtlrl of thr at
city b,lieved on him, for the saying of
It is i1,\ imslyv clear froi the foregnoirig
scripture' that witiran was I he first roes
stnilgi'rs tha:it hOle the good news to tihe
worhl of the rpsill'lretti+", of our Lord.
the I \' iytt t l'eV ' rt'ij'rted tt h t loving iltr
º siIti', iled.iling listinoly for .hesns hie
,he ct'lse it Aill front thie atlc'tite it:lt' e lips of
whUillo an. lf'litl \rilirin receivingi frolm
fhe lilts of thl mighty angel the first
(',lliihinlllIsill e\ver given lto mankindl to
Ils illihiin :i risen ('hrist, l"'ear iot .' saitl
the' a1gl, ''F'or I knot\" thIt ye seek ,.1
slls, whlit \\'was clniii'ed. Mi. is not here
toifor he has 1is51i, ('(iii4 swe0 the iilaii, whltre
l thei tinlli ity:' Hliow s\ect 'this Iit'esS',t'
hlIt lit e would niot have Illtin linger, hei
lly lhidh. th uli hasten qn 'ikly, and tell th1
descil'les, yvs ito Itatch the tutlte ix of tllhe
8- word, that their Lord haild risen from tilhe
i dead-what a grand and glritios imes
his sage'
I h low sitrangeili antid Inwarrantable th e l
nliat*maitiln (1' of il who profess to he
( lii 'i,s dlis'ciple, of the present dayti. \\wht
fee l t'i'tempt oull sly hoars the testiill ,y for
, i.Jesus helratise it thills fro11 theli lits of wo
11111.1
Ia t Let ll S;hlll ke'r .ilcnl iln andl ) out of
he ('hitrchev ttllil tIhey .ýidy thi.s rll-importhntl
Mr ,luject ,ilh m1.D pray,.r 1n1f ,.vliU-.
iy ("'llilOiltn l i' t d]
In I ANY, S.\lINi : I '.\lir il, L.i,
11 Oct. 1a, 1-77.
Il- I'ditor findiato' :
In t'tin t ll ri t 11n(i of lily letter of previ
o1rits issue. I will, iii as ftw w\iords as pi',
, silh, emdieni lo" toi show hIcw" til' ''risTirsl
le I riid Litegill Adviser has iilin, ,tii lthe
f Pl'lice ,Jury to re jetit, (ntil i reriist Ir as
iyou haid it iin iny' last) tl,' ;iil ni ll of Peter
I- lii'i;ion, Suiltlrvisorli, if egistratirt n, hi'
I h tilling thii l thatin "it was prtre.t:criled'" in;
i in taliset' eiii' titf its nut 'aving lti'ee'i
l regisrt.tred within sixty dayl, vaiter' ual
ii pr'o\:il, by li lt' proper irthoritihs."
le The cla;inns of the Clerks it'f egistra
he tion, lie told tlhat l, (mli! not hle ollti
Stlle, as th, P ;llish (.'ilrt h:il ro jujlrisdie
Il tion, anid tlhat shit aa inst thiiii e ltt itrish
c1ild il ot lit inistituted htefii' a' Magis
I'; ilrate. No', I an led to believe that lihe,
io asit a Iawver(?(1 tlanli have kiionii bletter.
in iis the decisioiis ofthe fl ritl irts haive piro
l i cei conh lnsi\vety, that lie was wrongll in
.hltl t ii iin- s.lilts. Them what i ho Il hiave
hie le ri his liotive,`j other thanr to 'c1ure ai
i" Aeltnig i ltler' the advice of r.lt Pres
i ley, the Plitice J'iry, in Anpril, inst lited
the TaIx Collectior to collct t lhei rlveielli's
n of I471', iist'ad of 1`77. U'li to ltheir
li meetingf in Octobelr, (this motilih) the
i'r Collector lhal ltaktlen r illa nilt l)11100 or
1l A1lit oif th,, 1 7ti lpapert, hleaving about
ºs- $2kl0 yet to be collected. The officers of
I the p:irisih l't itilt'ill the Poil e ,tlir'y to
'- revtke ltheir fortli'ir orldinances, anit
ii u'ke it thlie dluty of the Ctollector to
Ilt' olklet tihe rveinues of S877, alce-tdinig
II to shlatlh' lair.
ir- ere Mr. Presley again tcaml e to the
fronit and. tells theiu that suc1h a letiiiandi
i is ucontrary toit law, &e., and trcoriding to
in it' adviste of this legal gret l'ilalnh lthev
rl refu'rrd to tntertain the li'opotsitio ll fior ;l
al innlnieiti, wvl're'iiptino (lir Assessor. Mr.
' ('allw ,ell, instiltntiu f cllit to i nril i tihe
re Co(' lllector fro colleti paper oft' lS76.
le re al :iili Mri . 'ret.l0y's talent and le
'il l nbility \'htas inuatle rianireist, he tiltugil
e this sit with all the 'nelrgy aind ability
iif that lhe possissed, but i this, as ill all
of his other suits, lhe riade a alig nil
i failure.
r I liavL heard of la rit or clitue hailv
ilg its origiill antid xistecle ii Mulmy, Iut
Iehave her'd notiiit otg of thrtir irhVlig rlun
I' llte prishir to tit ' iehipsc by adilvishig the
f Politce Jirry cont U rl';r'y tIo law anti justice,
ianidl invol-hvinig the prinh in uininitectssa'lry
ir liti'tioii, or of tlheir reudeti riig st'rx'i
i cits fhr Ia sti ll utihatei sllnl, alnd then re
rt ctixiin n i;iln iiltnt dinuhl that aritouirit.
'ii T'ht oliit`, Jurit's nhel't, t tore, hayvte
trari'iaieted tith"irisiness upion htht"'
own jUdglimiliint. prhiiuitallv, lnt the pr',
itt .Ilrry (with thnt exteptnhioi of R.II. 1
Arliistmor ii uinul Wr.de Anid'stSon, \iwht
~ ortluii tt ly, flil' ll oor ftl'auhini, h ilhet` ltads
rs of their owlin) are dictated to hy .tIrh.
c Prs`h,-anti Il rlrfortniatily thl'lx- con
Sstituit tih I'oi'inr toltrurhlers- and cll r ll
I posed th( "rin*i cnu" Jitry linitt, r'riaislettuld
r- lrsirlrss otn Octflel r 1lst. Mr. Ar'lristronrgi
ariid Mr. Aridtriirsin hici rg sick.
t- Thiy have fietir lId by this legalI geni
i therin, arnilt lith, likt tiie faiil igrllrnsfi
it tlls, has btg ileld tlhcinr ito thlr sloglih.
lot t which it wil l t i; deillienrlt for' thlierr
aever to ;trileato thlernsehi cs.
0 Nevrt, inr tire autiils of onir parociil
hinstory has ilny miiair hail such couimilrh
-antd nilimiitell conlrol over at bo'dy lof'
iilrleln as this mlanI, nevlter dil a nlllll rise it
lmore to tlhe perffeclion of his own errds,
aiid to the detrimnent of the parish, thlirr
Shltes olur Ir,'l 4dci',r, trley hax'e flu'r
towed all tllie elnolirirenits uiid cerptn isits
if oilice rin hilirm, anrd yet he deties
haiiihg nii nrlrictcd thln'r in aniny way.
1 rThe oftice of Parish Attorinity hras iiot
i been filled in tlhis purrisi,, wixhin tire
rermiemblirrniee of tire writer, niot even inn
thu guiuod old di$'iays ontie be//lliumt-as the
Sservicets of' all of thu lcgnl git'ntlhimeli
hiave ev'ir eun at. tihe. ispios:il of I hl,
Policut Jurr', aind thtiri' having revu'r btlrn
arty buisirreis fur ohic to atte d to. Thc
rni'rip'' ritt ir Octuitrbr, and ftiiind thrat
l they" could bestow this, onl rrrore ooctle
i upori Mr. P. whh'h hIe inugerly acceinteul,
ult a salary of $:itt0 anti the pay of his
Iielieis uts Attorinrt ' .0. Stin iifter"
lthis, thie Culnlectoir ufeiaiullded the rrnuritil'
lifr' his l ierius, lie exirltirgly rteliih'd,
0 that the Piulice ,Jury hmid lli'ow'll hhn
his lii''nusc in colpnleiisnt ion utf si'rviches.
l'rnd still reilseid, unntil the Punrish Jhdfge
r't hiitrro ithiin urictice withont tlrhelii.
If he had beu'mr ehected AtU'riny beforie
he lost nll of thosen snits, it wonld hrave
beeni beliiter otn the t;rxpay-r's. Let nus
1 see now how miairy pouitiont s tins l'egal
pt1 oicunpiesi; luiuhs behitng a Pr't'acher
aitd a Lawyer (7) he is Ptar'ish Treaanrcr,
Parish Attuuorney. Sec'etary of the School
hloaiud, ninid Tn'('auenr l' oh' sI h ool
ft'nnds; t'nrni yolr ltu'at thirt fur a miirioiopoly ?
If tinti nld stlce ,err nittid, I worlmId
show to tire h]titrnylrnhrlruded sons of .ia
fhme, how iiiuich all this advice cost therm
Thins I niny tio in tire' Aiture, irut firt hue
rsinrit.'n llhoiv rritr to sirhserilii a3'self
Sthe"ir friend, anit ,-ouir well wisher,
I PRO BONO .lUBLICO.
Cotton Receipts, 1877.
Received previously...... 49 bales
c" This wedi......164 "
Total receipts ............656 "
The statistics of the military prison
at Oberhaus, in Bavaria, contains
some curious information as to the
capacity of the Bavarian soldier for
beer. One, an artilleryman, who was
discharged for lung disease, said that
twenty quarts did not exactly hurt
him. A second, a mason by profes
sion, said : "I never count up to more
than ten or twelve quarts, but after
that it goes quickly;" and a third
was of opinion that, if hlo could get it,
he would drink twenty-eight quarts
a day, and not feel it. Another ex
claimed indignantly that he was not
drunk, for lie only had eight quarts;
while one, a regular habitue of the
prison, insisted that lie was no black
guard, but he did like drinking.
' 1877.
n,,.
THE LATEST GRAND
FAi L O PEINGL
The Immense Stock Just Received
n'
CISPARI & DIETRCIC.
Ih No complaint can be made now, for our Pricer
I are below the Cheapest and made
to ]meet hard times.
IF YOIT WAITT
, DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
HARDWARE,
Bi OOTS, SHIOES,
IIATS, CXAPS,
CLOTHING-,
CROCKEY W A RE,
SGLASSWARE & FURNITRUE
GrO TO
Imperial Building
I Where Bargains can be Secured,
' Come at once, before the rush is too great.
Cotton and Country Produce
Bought at the highest Market rates.
Our prices are down below any,
thing ever heard of in Natchito,
ches.
Ask for Caspari's Store,
Front Street, Natchitoches, La.
it'T Of JURllORi~
List of Jurors drawn for the Dcem -
her Termn, 1877, of the 17th Judicial Dis
trict Court, in and for the Parish of
Natchit' chis, State of Louisiana, in ac
cord:nUce with law.
First Week of the Court,
Beginning Monday, December 34, 1877.
No. . Names Ward.
1 Cls Lacour 10
2 '1' B Burkett 6
3 C A Payne 1
4 Mathew lHertzog 9
5 Arnmas LIaveslierro 10
6 P E Bossier 1
7 Aiugustiu Fredien 9
S M Givanovich 10
9 L A Prndhonllno
10 Jack Hooper 4
11 W T Eversall 10
12 W H Barhee 1
13 T L Mathis 5
14 M Hirsch 4
15 J M Flanagan 2
16 Geo. R Pharis 7
17 0 gPerot 4
18P E Prnuhdmnlue 9
19 G W McClendon 7
20 N Fuller 7
21 George Pickett 4
22 Jas E Prudhonuue 4
23 C Bertrand 10I
24 E V 1])blienx 4
25 A 0 Chalher 9
26 ,J C Johnson 10
27 C J Harkins I
28 Tranq. Metover t
29 .J P Campbecll 1
30 L V'ercher 10
31 L 'Pet 4
:3 A E Cooli 6
3:1 C E Airev 1
34 (; G Sornpalrat 4 f
35 W 0 Breazealc 4 "1
3 G C(:halet 9
37 l) A Cttrry 9
38 Filbert Clontier 9
39 P Leonce Pruldhotmmel9 9
40 Jessee Nettles 2
41 .t .1 Hiles a
4"2 E B Levassent 4 [
43 .J I' Scarhorongh 6
* 44 J J Kimball 4
45 11 I Wah1iley L
46 R P Hutson 1
47 W R Hampton 5
4 IlR laminett
,).1 J C Cannnack 1
50 F L Grappe 3
4ecnmd Week of the Court.
Beginning Monday, December 10 1877
No. Name Ward.
1 Uob't. lilackrtoro 1
2 James Genilus 1
3 WO Carter 6
4 .1 E Tazhin I
5 Gabrie' l'rttlllomnoe 4
6 W M Tramnlell 6
7 W It Ware 1
8 Ernest Masson 10
9 T J Howland 6
10 C H Levy 1
11 W D Carter 6
12 R 11 Jo.nes 6
13 W 1 Butler 4
14 W A Carter 6
15 J H Barleronso 4
16 Richard Grant 10
17 J.let1 J Grappe
18 Thos. Casson 6
19 J.1 W Tohin 8
20 J 0 Maybin :3
21 J D Lambert 5
22 J F Henry Ilertzog 9
23 le'n Scott 9
24 1) T Pharis 6
25 Jack Spradling 1
26 W W Jones 5
27 If P 1' Uallien 4
28 J F Roberts 7
29 1J W Cockfireld 10
30 J G Readheiner 2
Third Week of the Courts
Beginning Monday, Dec, 17th, 16f1
?No. Name WThrd
1 W M Plrothro 5
2 A N O'Quin 10
3 Wm llohitnson 9
4 .Tas K Colton 1
^ Fred Trichel 4
6 Alex Vercher 10
7 P V ~irtllhoumnto 9
, .1 C Keyser 1
3) 11 I M,(_Clendon 7
10 E:mile l)ehliceox 1
11 . J Allen 1
12 J 1 I' Hl:lheimer 4
13 M 8 Curtis 1
14 Wim lhBeasley 7
15 CD 1)lBhlane 10
17 Ediward Poc1ho 10
18 P'hillip ihoset 10
19 Alexis ('loutier 9
20 M 4L llltes f
21 U E G;rantlham 4
22 Juts {ebirnintnldez 1tI
23 If G Vowell 7
'24 W If Areaux 1
25 A I, Metoyer 9
Qti Lanmy Chopin 10
27 Westley Walker 5 ,
28 A I Griminer 10
'29 CC Corhiltt (6
30 C N Carter d
"tnae of Louisiina,
Pa;rish of Natchitcwhes
Clerk's UOfl'ec.
I certify the above. to he a trite and
correct copy of the original Venire uldraw,
for the )'ceelhber Term, 1877, of the 17th
.I1 liibial ID)istrict ('nurt, lit and for tfli',
P'arish of Nat hitoches., St;ate of Loilisi
a:a, by- the duly gnalihIed ,Jury Conii:
mission,.lrs, onl th 1st dIly or 1thilctidt'
A. D1). 1877.
Witnsa my hand : tsd Oftici; Seal
".t Natchitwe'hes, La.; on this,
[L.S.] 2nd day of Octolbr, A: D. 1877,
W. II. TI''NNARI),
Clerk, )istrict Couri.
Estimato of Expenses.
PA, uls Th'FtUsuIE's OFI'ICuE,
Natchit clhes, LA., Oct. 18, 1877.
'I'o the lio. President and members otf
the Police Jury of the Parish of Nat.
thitu hel..
G(entlhemeni : - I have the ihonr to sub
mit the following estimante of the ainoutnt
required ifor tlie payment of tihe expet.
t's for the fiscal 'year heginuting oit thdl
Ist day of.: .lanuy nml ending on thb
:11 I1;y of Ic)embher, 1878, patyable in It
S. Curr('.t'ety, to serve as a, basin for thab
levy of the ta xes for the year 1877i vizh
Criminal expenses (heing Clerk's
Sheriisll fees in critiinal ca
ses and pay of witnesseses and
jurors ...w ... .... . $6000.C
Pay of I'Polite .Jnrºr, Preident,
Cler:k, ('onstahle an'd District
Att'y plo tet............ 1600.00
Jail e#xpenses, maititenaune of
prisoners, &c .............. 1000.00
Jnstiees (of t he Peace and Consta
1bles ........ ... ..... ... 600.0r
Election expenses 1178 .......... 510)(.01t
Paupers .......... ......... 00.
Contingent Fund ...... ..... 1000.t (I
Expenses in collecting retenle l10lO0.0f'
$12,000.00
The lxiime Iteing one per cent on ttlo
assesse(f value of taxable property in t(h
Parish.
Very Respectfully,
A. E. LEMEI,