The PolicelJury.
M. J. Cunningham arrived from ri
New Orleans per Hart Able last Tues- t<
day, where he had gone upon duty as
a Committee of the Mass Meeting of
the citizens, to present to Governor
Kellogg a petition demanding the re- t
moval of four of our Police Jurors.
The success lie had In securing the
appointment of two, W. A. Ponder
and It. E. Hammett, entitle him to
our hearty thanks. c
lie met in the Governor's office, on c
a similar mission, Blunt, Myers and li
Boullt, Jr., and was unable to secure
the appointment of any other of the
four named by the Mass Meeting, or
in lact any good citizen, who was
competent, on account of the persist- t
ant opposition of the above named
individuals. And the Governor ap
points two at the suggestion of Blunt t
and his friends; viz, Alf. Woodward
and C. M~etoyer.
We have this to say in the matter,
and we commend it to the considera
tien of our people. Blunt has pPo- C
claimed that he would have nothing
to do with the Police Jury, that lihe
was pledged to reform, and all such I
clap-trap mouthings, and the erCyfirst I
movement he makes is to interfere in t
the appointments by the Governor,
and ratifies his pledges of reform with
a disgraeefal recommendation to ap- e
point two unworthy persons. Of Alf I
Woodward's honesty we have nothing
to say, but of his being under the
control of certain individuals hero we
fully know, and we make nothing in
the exchange of him for any of the
-colored men just resigned on the
,score of incompetency, for he is in n
no way competent, being unable to I
.either read or write and is no tax. pal
er. Not possessing any of the re
quirements we demand, he himself 1
had the good sense to see it would be
.useless to act, ant' promptly declined
to,accept the commission. Metoyer
the other appointee, is a villain of 1
deepest die, and one who we think.
reflects Mr. (T) Blunt admirably-he
is the individual that led the move
.meont attempting to gut a Christian
,Church in this parish, and convert it
into a Radical Club Room, because
,the minister of that church, saw fit to
oppose their joining secret societies
of any kind, because it was in direct 1
opposition to the colunanIds of the
'church.
This ,is the character of men Blunt
would take an interest in getting ap- 1
pointed, and none other, because fifty
persons were named to him in the
presence of the Governor, Republi
cans and Democrats, but honest and
scapable, and lie declined to take them. 1
So much for all Blunt, Myers, Bbullt
or any of them may say. If we wish
reform we mnut bring it about our
selves, and two things we put our
foot flat down on now and forever.
1st. h'o more communication ofi
cial or otherwise, with the Radical
leaders here in this reform movement.
2d. The unequivocal rejection oft
MIetoyer's appontmetit.
Reform must come from pure and
honest people, and we :atre but wast
ing time and rendering the honesty
of our purposes questionable, by com
mnbicating with the thieving gang
here.
What the Auditor did Say.
NEW ORLEANS, July Oth, 1874.
To D. H. Bonllt, Tax Collector.
In answer to your communication
of 29th nit., in explanation of the rate
of Parish taxation, and the action ta
ken by youin relation to the state of
Delinquents, I would say tlhat I fully
approve of the steps taken by you.
In no instance is it the object of this
offceto embarrass the action of Tax
Collectors, and the exercise of the
faull rigor of the law by you, in fore
ing the collection of taxes from af
firmed resisters, has the endorcement
of this ofllce.
CHARLES CLINTON,
(Italies ours.) ,Auditor.
We understand our Tax'Collector
here, proposes to consider us all as
"affirmed resisters" and will proceed
to enforce the collection of taxes by
the forced sale of propeity, which
had been suppended because our peo
ple were unable to pay.
We have expressed as Individuals
our williagness to pay our taxes, have
published as a people, Resolutions of
amass meeting to the sameeffect,
and the whole action and tenor of the
tax-payer's movement speaks our
feeling and sentiments plainly enough,
that we will pay the taxes in the fall,
' when we will be able to do so. The
view taken of the Auditor's letter by
D. H. BoeHlt, Trax Colletor, is queer
to say the least of it, in the face of all
the pledges we have made to pay
when we can commamd mean, to do so.
We had thought, iput we admit we
had doubted the, sinclaity of the
man's expressions, that perhaps BonUllt
really meant what he said, when he so
forcibly disclaimed any intention t
push the people. We freely admitj
our mistake in giving credit for seem- fi
juing virtues, which were at such a- t
riance with the individual's charac- f
ter, and out mind is now fully made
up that his action is an open declara
tion of war, in opposition to the ex- t
pressed wishes of the people, under
the flimsy guise of an order, or what
he tortures into an order from the
Auditor.
Such being the case we accept tihe
gage. Hie has, we hope, studied thet
consequences and can see his way 1
clearly, but we have this to say, that !
le will meet with as much opposition f
as le applies force, either with his
courts or otherwise ; and advise hintm
that his pet desire to war upon the
white people of our parish, will lead f
to serious results. Remember, lle t
who is so fearfully alive to hatred is
ignorant of the art of reigning, and
the Gods miake rild before they des- t
troy.
Bad Blood.
GRANT PARISH MEN ON TIlE WAll P'ATII
AFTEK SENATOR BLUNT.
Thursday afternoon last. as the
Bart Able was taking in freight at a i
landing between the towns of Colfax I
and Montgomery, on Red River, in
the parish of Grant, she was boarded
by a number of men, said to consist
of twenty-one, who demanded the 1
surrender of one of the passengers, a
person no other than Senator Raford
Blunt.
Blunt was then in his stateroom, i
and hlearing the solicitude of the inl
vaders to take possession of his body
lie naturally locked himself in, while
his name was being shouted through
out the boat. 'IiThe captain, IR. Sin
Inott, anticipating trouble, and esti
mating his own piowerlessness to de
fend his passenger, had resort to the
bell rope, and immediately the boat
comnmenced to back out.
A disposition was malnifested by a
portion of the invaders to remain on
tihe boat and compel the Captain to
hanul in ; but upon its backing out, a
panic seized the majority, and they
walked on the boat's stage, followed
by the minority, when all disappeared
in the woods.
The above information was convey
ced to a Du'mes reporter by Judge Phil
lips, of Grant parish.
Mr. Blunt, it appiears, recognized
one of the parties who boarded the
boat -is Landry Charleville, ot Grant
parish.--N. 0. 1Times.
The above can be counted for one
time, that the IRer. Senator Blunt has
been caught in a lie, and we are not
astonished at its appearance in thle
New Orleans Tiuxes, as that Journal
seems to take delight in giving pub
lication to any article which will tend
to put the white people of the State
in a wrong position. No matter upon
what authority those maticlos are giv
en them, as proof of w hich we have
but to call attention to the weak at
tempt to cover up thei real inform
ant, Blunt, in the pl)~son of Jmrdgqe
Phillips, .a man nlotoriously as bad as
any Radical in Louisiaim. The true
version of the affair front the officers of
the Bart Able, and MIr. L. Charleville
limself, are these:
While that boat was at the landing
referred to, and was engoged in ta
king on cattle, which were being
shiped by some Texans, the drivers
- and their friends were taking drinks
at the bar, when some one said tliat
- Blunt, tihe hero Senator from l'atchito
: ches was on board, whereupon the
Texans having heard of, but had nev
er seen that individual, expressed a
desire to be so gratified, and mista
king one of the cabin boys for the
Senator, shouted out "are you Blunt 1"
a BlunIt in the mean time had sloped to
e some secure place, where he would
be seeure from the gaze of "prying
. eyes," as no harm was intended him
at all. Some of the younger men
a helloed from the bank after tihe boat
I had backed out, for Capt. Sinnot to
-"take care of Blunt, and not let him
fall over-board." Capt. Sinnot and
t the Clertk, Hamilton, were asleep at
the time, and heard no noise of course,
and the whole matter'was regarded
by them and all the crew, as a "good
rjoke."
Correspondence,
NATCHITOCHES, July 15, 1S74
h To Messrs. W. tI. Jack and Ii. .L" Pier
son, Natcltitoehce.
- Getlemen:--We notice with regret
your cutting and satirical articles in
s regard to eaech other published in our
e city papers; jpd feeling that no good
can result theretom, we tender our good
f offices and suggest that further contro
t, versycease; and nnderstanding as we
do that each of you disclaim any inten
tion of assailing the personal character
ir or motive of the other in the mrtieles re
ferred to, we propose that you resumne
your friendly relaltions by the diselamer
I, ofanyintention of personal abuse. We
o trust our efforts will be appreciated by
both of you as they are intended, and
'Y bring about the reeonciliatiou which we
ir desire.
We are most4nly your friends,
WM.. Y.LEVY,
3 IDAVID PIERSON.
O ATCI I'Oc HIaS- July 15, 1874.
0 Messrs. Wmi. H. Ievy 05 D. PMirson:
Sectlemen:--Your communication of
this date, referring'to the newspaper con
Sttroversyt between Mr. E. L. Pierson and
myself, is received, and I would state,
giat, appreciating as I do, your friendly
i lucein the matter and having full con
fidence in your sense of honor, 1 cheer- a
fully accede to your request. In writing t
the article recfrred to, nothing was more
foreign to my intentions than an attack
upon the reputation or personal character
of that gentleman.
I am willing, on my part, to resume
the friendly relations that have hereto
fore existed between us.
Very truly yours,
WM. I. JACK.
XATCIItI'rOIEs, July 15, 1S74.
Messrs. D. Pierson t( IV. 1i. Lery! :
(lentlemen:- Your joint communiien
tion to Mr. W. H. Jack and myself, is at
land. In reply, I assure you of uny ap- d
preciation ofyour etfforts, towards effect
ing a reconciliation and restoration of
friendly relations between us. In the ar
ticle published in the "'Repul,ic:n" of s
the 4th inst., I had no intention of wound
ing the tfeelings or impugning the motives
of MIr. Jack : and if such construction has, Il
by any person, been placd up1on ilmy ar- c
ticle, it was not intended by me, and
therefore, I do not hesitate to make this 8
disclaimer, as suggested by you. With
your a:surance that Mr. Jack entertains t
similar feelings, I most cordially accede
to your proposition, that our friendly t
relations shojild be resumed, and on my 4]
part, bury :all unpleasantness growing out
of thle attir.
Very respectfully your frichd, &e.,
E. L. P l n>s,..
Railroad Meeting.
According to previous notice, a meet
ing of citizens was held at the Court
House on Saturday, July 21, 1873, to ¶
confer with Col. F. F.. Kellogg, one
of the directors of the Louisiana Cen- t
tral Railway, and to adopt such meas
ures as might promise the comple- t
tion of that road through the city and
parish of Natchitoches, with as little
delay as possible and on the most fa
vorable terms.
The meeting was organized by the
appointment of Col. W. MW . .Levy as
chlirman, and C. J. C. Puckette as
secretary. The chairman having ex
plained the object of the meeting, Col.
Kellogg was invited to address the
audience on the subject under con
sideration, which he did in an elo
quent and forcible manner, impres
sing ever~,body present with the con- 1
viction df his sincerity and of the
I bona fldeyintention of his company to
build the road without delay.
At the conclusion of his speech he
submitted a proposition to the people
I of the city of Natchitoches, which was
unanimously endorsed by the meeting.
By request, it was afterwards reduced
to writing and addressed to the Mayor
and Council of the city of 'Natchito
ches, for their action, with the view
of submitting it under the terms of
the charter of the company, to the
qualilied:voters of the city, and reads
as follows:
NATOImTOCHt:S, LA., July 11, 1874.
To the Mayor and Council of the city of Natchi
tc'hes :
Gentlemen :-In behalf of the Louis
iana Central Railway company, I res
pectfully solicit a donation of 04e
- utndred Thousand dollars from this
city, to aid in the construction of said
Railwayl according to the provisions
of Sec. 20 of the Act incorporating
said comipany, approved Jan. 5, 1874,
authorizing towns, cities and parishes
Son the line of said Railway to make
donations for that purpose, said dona
tions to be granted on the terms and
in the manner hereinafter set forth,
as follows, to wit: The said Railway
Co. agree to complete their road and
g eqluip it for tile transaction ot busi
ness frhnm the city of Natchitoches
Sto the city of Alexandria within eigh
Steen months from the date of the ac
tceptance of this proposition by the
people 0f this city in the manner and
torm spcified m the Act incorpora
ting said Company.
Provided, that the city of Natchi
atoches Agree to, and shall issue bonds
Sto the amount of $100,000, payable
twenty years after date, with interest
at the rate of seven per cent. per au
num, payable semi-annually at the
o ofice of said company in thie city of
d New Orleans-said bonds to be dated
Jan. 1, 1875, and interest payable July
slet and Jan. Ist thereafter: Provided,
Ialso, tlhat said bonds shall be paid
and delivered to said Railway Co. in
Sthe following manner, to wit: Twen
ty thoisand dollars when the said
;oRilwav Co. have completed ten miles
Sof said Railway within the parish of
dNatchitochles, and twenty thousand
more on the completion of each and
every succeeding ten miles, till the
Ssaid Railway is completed to the city
d of Natchitoches, when any balance
unpaid shall be paid over and deli
vered to said company. It is agreed
also tlmt interest shall commence oni
said bonds on their delivery to the
company-or, if interest has accrued
previoms thereto, that it shall be de
Sducted from the amount paid or to be
paid, provided further, that the right
of way through the town and city;
thile dike across old river, and not less
than ten acres of land suitable for the
Sdepot of said Railway shall be grant
Sed free of expense to said Railway
-compallny.
SA similar proposition was verbally
. made by Col. Kellogg for a donation
- of $200,000 br the parish of Natehito
ches, oh the saine terms and condi
e tions with proportional payments, to
' be submitted through the Police Jury
, for ratification by the qualified voters
of thie parish.
On nmotion of C. J. C. Packette, a
£ommintee of citizens (the number be
ing aftbrwards fixed at ten,) to pre
pare the contract between the Rail
ofl way C9. and the city and parish, jamd
- also to prepare an address to the vo
id ters of the city abd parish and super
t, vise tile preparation, printing and
a- delivery of the bonds. The chairmanl
appointed the following gentlemen on
the comnuitee:
AM. I. Carver, W. II. Jack,
P. A. Morse, Sam. Parson,
J. E. Keegan, W. A. Ponder,
L. Lupleiri, J. A. Prudhomme
L. Charleville, Jos. Icenry.
On motion of MIr. Dranguet, the
chairman was added to the commit
tee.
After which, Geni. Morse addressed
the meeting in a few appropriate re
marks on the great advantages to be
derived from the building of the rail
way under consideration.
On motion of Col. 1). Pirrson, Rie
solved that it is the Aense of this meet
ing that the proposition of Col. Kel
logg to the city and parish he ac
cepted, and that we recommend the
same for ratification by the people.
On motion of Genl. Morse, the
thanks of the meeting were tendered
to Col. Kellogg for his able and clo
Iquent address, alter which the meet
ing adjourned sine die.
WM. MI. LE V Y,
Chairmnan.
C. J. C. Puex rr,'
Scretary.
Married.
DUINN--RILTZI EIl.-At the residence
of R. F. Harrison in I his parish, on 'lhurs
day, July 9th, l; i. D)r. M. A. D)UNN, of'
Grant Parish, to Miss RosA REITZIEI., of
this palish.
Another of Nathitoches faiest daugh
ters hass joined her fate for life with a, true
and chivalrous gentleman. We returnr
our thanks for a ihluntiful supply of the
usual rtemembrance and wish the new and
h:appy couple a ple;asant and prosperous
voyage on the seO: matrimonial.
Pohtical.
Rooms DcIrtocn.r'rr c S'r.tT i
( ENTRA. COMMITTr.E, t
New Orllauns, July tith, 1874.
At a meeting of the Demoeratic St:ate
Central Conummittee, from the several par
ishes to meet in New Orleans on the 6th
inst., the following resolutions were ad
oplted :
Resoilved, Thb.t the several parishes
throughout the ;.tate, and the several
wards in the city ofNew Orleans, he re
questedi to elect delegate:.es to a Democrat
ic State Conuvent in to assentble in New
Orleans. on the tfurth Monday in August
uest, to select a State Treasurer, aInd
menlubwrs of Cbitgress for the several Con
gressidnal Districts
1Resolved, That the Democratic parish
organizations in the parishes, :and the
Parish Commit tie in the city of New Or
leans, are requested to cause these dele
gates to be elected by lpºrishes in the
country and by wards in the city.
Resolved, That the basis of represen
tation shall be t e saume as for the last
I)emocratie con cention. Every parish
shall be enitled to at least one represen
tative. This rule applies to new par
ishes. E
Accordingly the several parishes shall
be ert itled to representation as to llows :
Ascension ........3 Morehouse ........3
Assumaption..... .5 Natchitoches......5 1
Avoyelles........4 Ouachitat..........4
Ba:ton longe East 5 Pliqneueines......
Baton lRnuge wct 1 Pointe Coulpe ....3
lienville.........5 Rapidi ........... 5
lossier........... 5 lRed River........]
Ca:lddo.........10 Richlaud .........1
Carleasieu.........3 Sabine ...........
Caldwell......2... St. Bernard.......1
Cameron.........I St. Helena........4
St. Charles ....... Carroll ..........3
Catahonla........: St. Jno. Baptiste 2
Claiborno .......IO St. James........3
Concordia ........ St. Landry......16
DeSoto...........4 St. Martin........S
Feliciana, East...5 St. Mary.........6
Feliciana, West ...2 St. ammany.....2
Franklin .........4 Tensas........... I
Grant.............1 errebonne....... 4
Iberia ...........1 Tangipiahoa,.....1
Ibervilh.......... 2 Union............6
Jackson ..........5 Vermillion ....... 3
Jetferson..........7 Vernon .......... 1
Lafayette.........5 Washington ...... I
Lafourche.. ......6 Webster .. .....1
Livingston........' Winun........... 2
Madison...........
PARISH OF ORL.EAS.
First Ward........7 Ninth Ward.....7
Secoud Ward ......9 Tenth Ward.....9
Third Ward .......12 Eleventh Wanrd.. 6
Fourth Ward...... 5 Twelfth Ward'..3
Fitth Ward........9 Thirteenth ward 3
Sixth Ward.......6 Fourteenth ward 2
Seventh Ward ....... Fifteenth Ward 3
Eight Ward........
EMILE I, SEaRE, President.
ALBERT Voo(N IEs, Vice-President.
WnI. J. BUDENt/ol FF, Secretary.
Address of the State Central Committee
of the Democrtatic Party of Louisiana.
RooMS DEMOCRATIC STATE CENTRAL
CoMMrrrEtE, Jully 7, 16(4.
To the People of Louisiana :
the -Democratic State Central Commit
tee, in convoking a State Convention of
the DFimocracy at New Orleans, for the
fourth Monday of August, A. D. 1874, ap
peals with confidence&o all conservative
I votermwithout reference to past political
affiliations, to unite in the election oftde
legates to this Convention.
SThis committee is not unmnindful that
some may be reluctant to join the ranks
of a party, which, in past contests, they
have opposed. But this party is the on
ly national organization now confront
ing Radicalism and battling for constita
tional principles. Principles, in violation
Sof which this Usurpation has been foisted
on Louisiana, and our people snbjected
to political andljldicial persecution.
Recent dissensions among out people,
and a deep and abiding desire to unite
all the elements opposed to Radicalism,
Sadmonish us not to risk everything upon
our own isolated and nmaided efforts; al
though, i thls emnlergency, duty prompts
us ato exert ourselves as it we were de
Spendent upoh our sole resources.
Issues are forced upon us, which we
eanipot and do not desire to evade. But
Swe will meet them with sutch determina
tion and energy that we cannot fail to
achieve setccesn. ,
We do not ontemplate interfering
with the constitutional and legal rights of
the colored people, but, on the other
hand the Democraey are determined to
]uphold and maintain the rights of the
iwhite muan. The fact stares us in the
Sface tlhat the negro element has been
gradually, but effectually absorbing the
SGovernment of Louisiana-the logical re
sult of its conhined partisan action. as a
i rac; that tinaner the shallsow pretense- of
a legislating a1:nsan chase or race distinci
lions, tile colored Radicals have invaria
bly been establishing: such,. distinctions in
dislparagenenlt of Ith,. whites : and that.
the tenudoey of Loulsiana Radiicahsnl.
Inow thoroughly coit rolld by them, is to
establish negro lsupremacy in Loutsiau11.
The incubus of exces:ive taxation must
be removed. No taxos should I, levied
or appropriatious made, except to carry
on tllh flnctions of goverumncut hones.ly
and econlomically administerted; until the
tax-payers of Louisiana shall have lhad
an opplortunity to inquire into the nature
and validity of the obligations which
have been issued in the namei of Goveru
ment.
Tlherefore, forgetful of past differences,
and casting from our breasts all heart
bruinus, let there Ibe 3a cordial union0 of
allU th coscrvatiet i of ILouisiana.
Tith Dneulocratic party has no enmitioes
to gratify, and holls out the, htnd of feil
loiwship to all tIhoso who :ar' dispose(d to
aid us in this e:3uvass. The vital issue i:1
reodetmptiont from a1 corrutpt State Gov
ernment and local misrule.
EMILF LA SERFl, I'resident.
A LIURliT V()Olt iES. Vice Presid4ent
viM. J. 1I'1E3:NI)OIIFv. Sr.I'eta.V.
(I EKLY Satiurday Packet.
For Grand EcOre, sMolntgom~ner,. Alexandria
P'iuneville. Norman's, Ianrbin'sn,
Fort I)ellu.ssy,
And All Way Landinv,
'Theit A 1 MglAittict anid lihst
rnlniln sidl :.wheel p.'assetnger
pa;ckeut
BART ABLE!
1)ICK SI.NOT. M[asttr.
G C. It il. . .S, I
T. ,1. IDowY', J Cleklr.
TIL rnu as ln ,' as the witcr will pl'tlit,.
77 le,'inz Nw O)rlems o,r Saturday at 5
P. M., Gratu .,re every T"'sd'ay at 12 i., and
Alexandrii a evetr, Wed:Iiisday at I1 M.
I)nrin2"the low wator season. the kart Able.
will be replaced by the A i light draft steanwrt"
SAIHINE
For f'right or passaz,' apply on hoan'd or to
J V LES , . M E4S?, A '-t
HENRY GENIUS,
Worker in Til;, Copper ;alid
SHEET IRON.
Corner FRONT & TRUDEAU STS.,
NATCIITOCIHES, LA.
Also, constantly on hand all kinds of
HEATING AND COOKING STOVES I
of the most improved patterns.
All my stoves sold at city price and
guaranteed to be as represented. Lib
eral advantages offered to the trade.
Also, a fine stock ,f Tinware, Metallic
Roofing, &c.
Gutters and pipes promptly and care
fully repaired.
IIENIIRY GENIUS,
Corner Front and Trudeau Sts.,
Natchitoches, La.
Jan. 17, 1874.-l-v.
The Saturday Evening Post.
The Oldest and Best Story Paper Pub
lished.
Founded August 4, A. I). 1821.
For more than half a century the
Saturday Evening Post has been I!ihe
GREAT LITERARY WEEKLY
of the Country, and has ever borne a
widespread and unblemished reputation
for the unsurpassed purity, refiecnment
and excellence of the Serials, Sketches
and Miscellaneous reading matter.
It is pre-eminently
The lBest Family Paper
that is published in this country, from its
never contaiining anything that would
offelnd the feelings of any one, either in
a religious or political sense, or that
could not be read at any fireside without
objection from the most fastidious.
The circulation of the Saturday Even
ing Post, through not quite so large
perhaps, as its younger contemporaries,
is not, like that of some of thenm, flctu
ating, and too often short-lived, but i
SURE, SOLID AND SUBSTANTIAL,
based upon the intrinsic merit of the pa
per itself and not dependent on any ex
traineous intluences, such as the populari- 1
ty of individual writers, &c.
Good, however, as the Satnnlay Even. (
ing Post hns been in the p:st, it is our
intention to make it still better in the I
future, and with this object in view we
will effect a marked improvement in eve
ry department of the paper, and will I
call to our assistanece writers of admitted
ability and known reputation.
By increasing its ftormer attractions,
and adding many judicious and pleas
ing novelties, by studying how to please
and cultivate the popular taste, by in
creasing industry and enterprise, asuld hy
enlarged tacilities, we hope to make new
friends with each and every issue, and
continue to maintain the claim of the
Saturday Evening Post to its title of Tiu
OLDEST AND TUHE BEST of Family Story
Papers.
Terms to Subscribers:.
One year 1 copy $3.00 One month 2
2 copies 500 Two months to
" 4 copies 10.00 Three mo. 715,
0 9 copies 20.00 Four aim 1 00
To any one sending 200 for a Club of
9, an alditional copy will be sent FREE.
Specimen copies can be had on appli
cation. We Employ no Traveling Agents.
All communications must be addressed to
IR. J. C. WALKER, Propietor,
727 Walnut Street,
Philadelphia.
NORMAN L. UNDERHILL,
JUSTICE of the PEACE:,
FIIRST WARD, CITY OF BATON ROUGE.
Deposition4 promptly atteudcld t.
July 4.-tf.
THEE SING-:EI.
Tile lWorld's Favorite.
r 'llE SAILES of the SIN(;ER last year
Sw.as the greatest ever attained for
an ewing Machiihe in a year, and Was
nrarly double the sales of its highest
competitor, as may 1h seen by refirence
to the account of sales for 1873, from
sworn returns made to the owners of the
Sew ing Machine Patent-from which
statistics we select the live leading ma
chines, viz:
The Singer sold 2:{",41.1
" 'Vheelir & \'ilson, " 119,190
" )omest ic, " .10,114
i Grover & 1.aJder, " 3.q,17G
" \ee, , " 21.76
It will be observed that the difler'ºlce
in favorof thelibEI*(:l"Ii.I, fh en,.rmous
i munmttt of 113,:~54 over the highest com
petitor. This result has beent obtained
aiftr ve:ns of compluetitiol.
1We submit to an interested puhlic if it
is clai:minig too luch to say - the +Singer
is the most popular F&wing Machiue iIn
the world.
GEO, W. IIOIERT.4, Agent,
Singer Manutteturing C(o.,
rat, hii(l 'che.N, La.
J',une 20-:ht.
J. F. DITTiRICH,
--lmpolrter anad l)ealer in-
IIfFLES, 'i , 1.'s N I'ISTO ILs,
(eun M3Eaterials. Anuitioiion and Cut
lery, Ihreech-loadilg dtouble guns, of the
lahtst ilmprov.dl paterns.
Sole agent i ol r the 'Bismna'k )toubie
barrel Needle G(un.
.-'o. 8 C'artres Street,
NEW ORLEANS, LA.
liuzzle loaders altered to Breech loaders
Also relpairing done with neatness anaI
displatlch. All work warrented.
Match 7-ly.
I NEW ORLEANS AND GI;ANI) EICOINE
PACKET COMPANY.
PEOPLE'S LINE.
CAPITAL STOCK ............. $100,000
Divided into Shares of$100 00 Each.
B) OOKS OF SUR iCI:IPTION for Stork ia the
I1 almve Company.orgauized acecording to thi
laws orf Louisiana, relative to corporations : aer
now opened in Natchitoehes, at the offthice of I.
')U'rtix. Esq., who I duly authorized and and .
powered to receive slbscriptions. Twenty-fie
dollara (125) per Share will be required to be paid
in Cash by subsclilwrs when called on. say in
three nonths. The balance wlen required. i,
installments ti 10 per cent if which three
months notice will be given.
JOHN HEINN.
Natebiteehes, La., April 4, 1814.-tf.
GIFT. TERPRISE
The only iReliable Gift Distribution
in the country.
$50,000 00
IN V'ALUABLE GIFTS!
To be distributed in
I . WD. 8W3 8
168TIr RIEGULAR MOXTIILY
GIFT ENTERPRISE!
-TO BE DRAWN
MONDAY, August IOth, 1874.
One Grand Capital Prize
85,000 in Gold!
Two Prizes $1,000 g
ITwo Prizes $5,00 G GI:R:E ACKS!
Five Prizes $100 ; )
One Family Carriages and Matchedi
Horses with Silver-Mounted Iarness,
worth $1,500!
1 Horse and lniggy, with Silver-Mounted
H}larness, worth $0t).
I One Fine-tone Rosewood Piano, worth
$550!
Five Familyl Sewing Machines, worth
$100 each!
750 Gold and S&iler Lerer uiatin
Watches (in all,) worth from $20 to
$300 each.
IGold Chains, Silver-ware, Jewelry,
&c., &c.
Number of Gifts 6,000! Tickets
limited to 50,000!
AGENTS WANTED TO SELL
TICKETS, to whom Liberal Premi
ums will be paid.
SSingle Tickets $1; Si. Tickets $5;
'Twelve Tickets $10; Twenty-five$20.
Cirenlars containing a fdl list of pri
sos, a description of the manner of draw
Sintlg, 'nud other information in reflerence to
the )istriblution, will ibe senlt to any onut
ordering tlhem. All letters nmust be ad
dressed to
Main Office, L. 1). SINE, Box 86,
101 W. Fifth St. Cincinnati, O.
Oct 4-ly.
OBSTACLES TO MARRIAGE.
Happy Relief for youang Men from
the eile'cts of Errors and Abuses in early
life. Manhicot Heestored, Impedimnents
to Marriago removed. New methodl of
treatment. New and remarkable reme
dies. hooks and Circulars sent free, in
searled envelops. Addressne, IIOWAID
ASSOCIATION, No. 2 Southl Niipth St.,
SPhiladcelphia, Pa., an Institution havinjg
,;a high relputatioi leer hnorablle conduct
Sa rofssioal kill.
.Nv .. 15.--ly.