A TALE OF TWO CITIES.
When the yellow pestilence made its ap
pearance in New Orleans and Memphis and
Grenada, and the terror-stricken inhabitants
led from their homes in haste to save their
lives, and the doors of Cincinnati were closed
against them by a rigid quarantine, Louis
ville, with a courage which must forever re
feet credit upon her heroic people, made
every refugee welcome, and, with a spirit of
self-sacrifice so noble as to win the applause
of all who have hearts to feel for the suffer
ing of others, invited them to remain within
her limits. Nor did her charity stop here.
A hospital was erected and placed in charge
of competent physicians, who, with a full
corps of nurses, continued, so long as there
was a single case of yellow fever brought to
the city, to receive and care for their South
ern guests. Relief societies were formed,
who visited the hospital daily, carrying deli
cacies to the sick, seeking by every means that
the most enlarged philanthropy could sug
gest to relieve the suffering of the strangers
that the terrible scourge had thrown upon her
bounty. Meanwhile subscriptions to the fund
for the relief of the sick in other cities and
towns throughout the South were made, and
the money contributed sent to the Howard
Association, to be used according to its judg
ment.
Other cities gave full credit to the humane
conduct of the authorities of Louisville, and
there was not a dissenting voice raised in the
city to protest against it. No cowardly fear
of an epidemic in Louisville prevented her
citizens from extending a friendly greeting to
those whom the calamity of an epidemic at
home had compelled to seek the hospitality of
a sister city. The warm tide of Southern
sympathy flows freely in the veins of Ken
tuckians, and they were thankful to stand at
the threshold of the epidemic and accompany
their sympathy with material aid to the
plsgue-stricken cities of the South. For this
action she claimed no reward, and asked for
no credit from people of the North or South.
She simply did her duty, and in doing so it
probably never occurred to one of her gener
ous citisens to ask what effect it would have
upon her Southers trade. The epmergency
came upon her suddenly, and with character
istic impulsiveness she grasped the oppor
tunity to render much-needed aid, and de
elared there should be no quarantine against
their Southern brethren who were flying for
their lives.
It was reserved for the mercenary spirit of
the Cincinnati Enqgirer and Commercial to
turn the chivalric conduct of Louisville to
the advantage of Cincinnati by publishing to
the world a lie so flagrant as to arouse the in
dignation of a portion of her own press, and
wring frbm it a reluctant tribute to the heroic
conduct of Louisville. Dr. Minor, Health
Officer of Cincinnati, visited Louisville to in
quire into the truth of rumors which had
been spread either by emissaries of Cincin
nati or by one of half a dozen families who
had fled from their homes, and was taken
through every portion of the city in which
-the wildest exaggeration had located yellow
fever. The result of his visit was that he
found three persons who were sick of malig
nant malarial fever. Only this and nothing
more. An agent of the Associated Press
-amed Gordon, actuated by a devilish spirit
of perverseness, sent out a dispatch in which
he gave a graphic picture of the epidemic in
Louisville, founded entirely in his imagina
tion. Reporters for the Cincinnati Enquirer,
who only ask for a grain of truth to a whole
bushel of falsehood in the manufactare of a
sensation, interviewed Dr. Minor and a few
panic-stricken people, and obtaining the nee
essary quantity of information, gave under
startling headlines the most heartrending de
scription of the scourge which had visited
Louisville. It was nothing to those itemizers
that Dr. Minor could only report the exist
ence of a few cases of fever; the necessity of
robbing Louisville of any credit, which they
feared she had gained in the eyes of Southern
people, was too great to allow the opportunity
to slip, and in this way the news of an epi
demic at Louisville was given to the world,
creating no more surprise anywhere than in
Loauisville itself. A temporary excitement.
followed, which was at once silenced by Dr.
Bell, who declared that yellow fever as an
epidemic never had existed, and could not
this year exist, in Louieville. The event
proved the truth of his prediction. But
thirty-four deaths from yellow fever occurred
in Louisville during the entire existence of
the scourge in Southern cities, all of which
were imported cases. During this period
about one dozen deaths took place within a
radius of four hundred feet from an alley
which had been built between Tenth and
Eleventh streets, near the Nashville depot.
IR making excavations for it, several old
Pity vaults were uncovered, the effluvia
from was the cause of a malignant
malIa1 which would have proved
equblly ftal allow fever had existed
in Memphis or Ne eans.
The people living o adway, near the
depot, who were daily wit f the arrivals
of yellow fever patients from tl th, natu
rally referred the deaths which lace
near their residences to yellow fever, in
Dpinion they were in a few cases borne out
their family physicians, who advised them to
chaunge their place of residence for a short
*time. Acting upon this advice, Breadway,
betweem Tenth and Twelfth, was almost en
tirely deserted. A few families left the city
in a state bordering upon panie. As in all
similar ees, they magnified the danger from
which they led, and poured into the willing
ears of inneinnatl reporters a tale which
those eaterprisrig jornalists lost no time in
working up into a sensation of the most am
ple diaesions, the large eirculation of the
two mispaper, whleh vied with eoah other
Wd the display of headlines and ln the blood
,ourdPlgdestlo of the "terrible seenes"
on Looiville, cattoerdtbhe rumor far ad
widon d, although the falsity of it was at
ene Imade apparent byth.jLouiavlle press,
the onlyde atm ioh.whlh d a lve equa
circulation with the statement would have
been through the identical journals that had
first given publicity to it. This these papers
persistently refused to do, although the Cin
cinnati Gazette promptly contradicted the
statement that yellow fever existed in Louis
ville as an epidemic.
In consideration of the fact that Cincinnati
had established a rigid quarantine against
persons suffering from yellow fever, and Lou
isville had not done so, but had met them
with open-handed hospitality, the conclusion
is inevitable that the attempt to locate an
epidemic in the latter city was actuated by a
mean spirit of business rivalry.
A temporary lull in business followed.
Southern merchants, on their way to Louis
ville to purchase goods, were deterred from
visiting the city, and were obliged, in many
cases against their will, to make purchases in
other cities, but the effect was transient. In
the latter part of October business revived,
and by the first of November the volume of
business transacted on Main street was larger
than it had been for five years before.
THE INEFFECTIVENESS OF QUARANTINES.
If any fact has been more fully demonstrated
than another during the period of the plague,
it is the ineffectiveness of inland quarantines.
Aside from the migratory habits of people in
general, and the determination of the average
American citizen to exercise his God-given I
right to go where he pleases, the tramp nuis- I
ance offers an insuperable barrier to the ef
fective organization of a quarantine in a city
surrounded by land. It is possible that a
single individual might establish a quarantine
against all the world, if he could exclude the
atmosphere and inflate his lungs through dis
infectants.
During two months in which the Yellow
Fever Hospital was in operation in Louisville
seventy-six patients were admitted to it. Vis
itors were in daily attendagce-not only
physicians, but ministers of the Gospel and
other citizens. The ladies of the Flower
Mission visited it regularly every Thursday,
and yet not a single person who visited the
hospital contracted the disease. This would
appear to be proof positive that something
else besides contact with the disease is requis
ite to import it from one person to another.
Certain atmospheric conditions are favors
ble to the spread of the disease, and when
these phenomena exist quarantines against
people or goods from infected districts, even
if they could be enforced, are utterly inef
fective in preventing the disease. But the
quarantine can not be enforced. Notwith
standing the most rigid examination of pas
sengers arriving upon the railroad trains and
steamboats outside the limits of Cincinnati,
the pest-house in that city had more yellow
fever patients than the hospital at Louisville.
Numerous places in the Southern States
quarantined against the whole outside world,
and allowed no communication with it, but
the fever came upon them all the same, either
through the atmosphere or by being carried
in the systems of refugees, as in Cincinnati.
In the former places the disease spread, and
in the latter it did not. The Bell theory has
been fully vindicated by the result in many
places, both North and South, and has proved
the necessity of a thorough system of drain
age and disinfecting those districts in large
towns which are liable to produce disease.
Aside, then, from the unchristian and in
human character of quarantine, the result of
which is a constant cause of reproach against
those cities which instituted them, the use
lessness of attempting to bar out a pestilence
which defies all human barricades has been
proven to be so apparent that we doubt if it
is ever again attempted in the Mississippi
valley. -
AT HOLLY SPRINGS.
[From the Courier-Journal.j
No MORE unwelcome news has been brought
to us during the entire course of the pesti
lence now aifRicting the ill-fated South than
that which comes from Holly Springs this
morning. Col. W. J. L. Holland, editor of
the Holly Springs Reporter, and for years the
Mississippi correspondent of the Courier.
Journal, died at half-past 2 o'clock on Friday
morning, a victim of yellow fever. From
the breaking out of the fever at Grenada and
Holly Sprigs to the hour when he himself
wasu seized, his life was devoted to his fellow.
men with a faithfulneuss and heroisma unsur
paessed, and his death, occurring as it has in
the last days of the great calamity, when
there was yet hope that so valuab!e a life
might be spared, illustrates most impressively
the relentless character of the pestilence.
Indiscriminate havoc has marked its course
throughout, and the brave and generous peo
ple of Holly Springs have drunk their bitter
cup to its dregs. The tone of Col. Holland's
dispatches have indicated that he did not ex
pect to escape the fate of scores of his neigh
bore, but he never flinched before the de
stroyer. The following telegram is the last
one sent by him to this paper:
" HOLLY SPRINGs, Mss., Oct. 19.-To-day
there have been six new cases and one death.
Your correspondent happens to be among the
new cases, after having struggled with Yellow
Jack since the beginning of the epidemic.
He desires, through you and in the name of
this people, to express the lasting tratitude to
our friends in every part of the Union, who
have so generously and nobly contributed to
us in so many ways. W. J. L. HOLLAND."
AT VICKSBURG.
BURIAL OF LIEUTENANT BENNIER.
Jbpeela Dispatch to the Courier-Journal,.]
VICsaBuso, O-t. 17.-I have just partici
ated in the most solemn and imposing fune.
, ceremony I ever witnessed here in nearly
ma century. We have buried the com,
inueof the National Relief Expedition,
.tionale nner sleeps to-night in the Na
w atersol em by the side of the majestic
wars of the iver. e gallsat Ouster,
Shrtoh  r hs defense of and dying
'n ts o brave band " % did not meet
death more nobly tha this O iValpou
and heroic young offcer. the Mac
edonie cry, and in its incarn
our relief. The hero martyr fell I , red
Iperformance of the highest obligatio
- received him and his companions u an a
,meat of the nation's symath; wept ,i
,joy at meeting such tender noble, manly
courage and solicitude. When be sickened
we trembled. When he died this mornng
we ll w.ept in sorrow for so great a lossra.
The burial brought into procession every
moveable article. It was ever a mile in
length, and thousands thronged the streets to
pay their tribute o mourn0ns for tie publio
bmeement. -An th military eompanies,
fire companies, orders and societies, colored
and white, all the c!ergy of every denomina
tion, Catholie and Protestant, all the cnval
escents able to stand, and weeping women
and tender young people, turned out to testify
their sense of the calamity. The officers of
the Howard Association followed the hearse
next to Lieut. Hall, and the Mayor and Al.
dermen of the city accompanied them. The
Right Rev. Bishop Adams read the solemn
L service at the grave as the setting sun was
just passing from view, emblematic of our
departed brother, and amidst the surrounding
masses of real mourners we laid his mortal
remains to rest. May his name shine while
the stars shine, and good men pay homage at
his grave, while these waves of this inland
sea glide to'distant ocean; and may the mag
nanimous and philanthropic people who have
blessed us in this deepest distress never expe
rience the necessities of our helpless, suffering
and desolate condition. We send our sym
pathies to and offer our prayers for the sor
rowing family of the noble dead.
C. K. MARSHALL.
TWO TESTIMONIALS.
During the yellow fever epidemic two Ken
tuckians, who had rendered signal service to
humanity-the one by using his great influ
ence in allaying excitement in Louisville, and
the other by volunteering his services to the
plague stricken city of Hickman-were the
recipients of gold medals at the hands of their
fellow citizens.
THE TESTIMONIAL TO DR. BELL.
The offering ot pubic r'ecug ..u .. ........,
and worth was a beautiful medal of solid,
sterling silver, three inches in diameter.
Within a gold wreath is the inscription, in a
semi-circle, "Snnos suspitare 1/rosque
.anare." In the center is a gold monogram,
T. S. B., in bold relief, beneath which are the
words, "Et hominare et fac'ta dcstvnanus."
On the reverse side, within a gold wreath, is
the inscription: "Presented to Dr. T. 8. Bell,
by the Louisville Industrial Exposition, as a
testimonial of professional skill and moral
courage, which, by assuring safety, preserved
the citizens of Louisville from panic during
the yellow fever scourge of 1878."
The medal is a fine example of silversmith
work, and was executed by Messrs. Jewell &
Beddo, of this city.
THE BLACKBURN TESTIMONIAL.
The medal presented by the Southern refu.
gees to Dr. Blackburn, was made by Mr. F. D.
Barnum, who has added to his reputation as a
jeweler of excellent taste and judgment by
designing and executing this exquisite exam.
pie of goldsmith work. The medal is shield
shaped pendant from a circular pin, bordered
Swith red gold, upon which is the following in
i scription:
"1878. Testimonial of Love and Gratitude,
from Southern Refugees to Dr. Luke P. Black
burn."
The name is engraved upon a scroll above
the shield. The border of the shield is orna
mented by engraved lines, andthe ,surface
decorated by an exquisitely modeled wreath
in green gold, at the base of which is a sol'-.
taire diamond. Within the wreath a crown
in high relief, set with diamonds, rests upon a
halo engraved upon the shield. The pin and
medal are of pure, fine gold, and form a beau
tiful testimonial of the high estimate placed
upon the courage and humanity of the brave
old man who did not hesitate to risk his life in
the performance of a noble duty.
APPROXIMATE list of deaths from yellow
fever (including imported and supposed cases)
since its first appearance this year:
New Orleans............3.977 Rock Springs, Miss..... 38
Memphis and vie'iy..4,200 Meridian, Miss........... 71
Vicksburr and vio...1.138 Mississippi, seat'g......217
Grenada & vicinity.....327 Chattanooga ..............151
Holly Sprins ............314 Nashville, Tenn......... 11
Port Hudson, La........ 9 Paris, Teno............... 23
Gretna, La.................. 53 Mason, Tenn.............. 25
Carrollton, La............ 5 Germantown, Tenn..... 26
NearPat'rsonville,La 47 Gr'd Junction, Tena.. 7
Thibodeaux, La......... 88 Brownsville,Tenn......139
Tangipahos, La ......... 43 Collierville, Tenn...... 44
Morgan City, La.........96 Lagrange, Tenn......... 31
Dry. Grove, La............ 38 Martin, Tenn.............. 40
Delhi, La................ 30 Somerville, Tenn........ 47
Delta, La............ 28 Moscow, Tenn............ 34
Baton Rouse ............196 Williston, Tenn ........ 13
Plaquemine, La.........120 Bartlett. Temnn........... 9
Donaldsonville, La.... 35 Tennessee, scat'g ...... 46
Labadieville, La ........ 30 liopefield, Ark.......... 12
Louisiana, scat'g.......227 Arkansas, scat'g........ 13
Greenville, Miss.........287 Florence, Ala............ 44
Pt. Gibson and co.....225 Mobile, Ala................. 58
Canton, Miss ..... ....171 Decatur, Ala.............. 47
Bovine, Miss............. 7 Tuscaloosa, Alea......... 2
Bay St. Louis, Miss..... 74 Tuscumbia, Alea........ 2
Hernando, Miss ......... 59 Key West.................... 37
Water Valley, Miss..... 64 Hickman, Ky..............153
Pass Christian, Miss... 20 Louisville... .............. 31
Jackson Miss........... 73 Bowling Green.......... 23
Terry, Miss................. 20 Kentucky, scat'g........ 6
Osyka, Miss., & vic'ty 40 New York.............0.....
Winona. Miss............ 3 t. Louis.................... 31
Missiassipi City......... 19 Gallipolis and vic...... 32
Biloxi, Miss............... 37 Cincinnati.................. 16
Port Ends................ 10 Pittsbursh ................. 1
Lake, Miss............... 85 Chicago...................... 1
Bolton, Mis......... ......3 Cairo........ .................. 35
Ocean Springs, Miss... 31
Goodrich L'ng. Miss... 42 Total....................13,921
JACK FRosT having begui work upon the
outside of the yellow fever districts, a speedy
and entire cessation of the epidemic will of
course shortly occur. Then will come the
dread summing up of losses, and the melan
choly greeting that will meet the refugees
homeward bound. While the wheels of busi
ness will again begib to move, and the latent
vigor of social and commercial life reassert
itself, still sadness will long reign over hearth
stones, and tears will long be shed for those
whose places " will know them no more for
ever." And hard upon Azraels flight will
come the doctors trooping up with their ex
periences and conclusions. A devoted band
of humanitarians they formed during the
reign of death, but it is to be feared their
notions will be as conflcting as their lotions
were, and but little of practical good in the
way of suggesting preventives will be crys
talized out of the mass of evidence to be sub
mitted, It is to be earnestly hoped, however,
that some will earn a position on the pinnacle
'' where Fame's proud temple stands afar," by
giving the world a decided and rational disg
nosis, and an unimpeachable theory of cause
and cure.-[Courier-Journal, Oct. 30.
"KISS MY UPS."
[Mempls Avalanche.]
One of the thousand and one tragic inci.
dents of the great plague happened at Holly
Springs a few days since. A beautiful young
lady of New Orleans was being forced by her
father to marry an old man she could not
love. Preferring death to slavery, the young
lady ran away and gave her services as nurse
to the fever-stricken of Holly Springs. Af.
ter a few days of devoted attention to the
sick she was herself stricken. There was a
male nurseM for her, Themre wes no female
hand to soothe with its gentle touch the fe
ed brow. But the noble Ridley was there
.rfom the last sad odlces to the dying
I gr.-4oward the last she said to him: "Kiss
me." ~RidIy kissed her on the cheek she
.exclaimt ."Ki my lip," which he did.
S he then a ou are the only man I ever
hissed; kiss menie .s' While Blidley was in
Sthe act of kissing she threw her armi
tightly arond his ne,.and instantly ex-.
pared. Goodbles the bravea ts.
' tr.Corresondents would confer a favor
on 'the savertisers bsby mentioning that
iey saw the advertisement in this paper.
lihe Photogral)h M3emorial Itecordl.
'fhe ab),, is the title of a most artistic design,
11 inches in sizs, with a receptlcln for the photo
tph of your departed friend, with blanks for
4me, date ot' lcmae, and age.
pa;e wjill not allow . a full description: but a
cnple copy, with terms to agents, will be sent on
ri pt of 2 cents.
Ine agent, in a few months, disposed of 1,4I0
epies. Address
J AM 1SE. NESBIT, Louisville, Ky.
Ladies' Purchasing Agency.
Mr. JME iICBM D
No. 157 West Chestnut St.
LOUISVILLE, KY.
ITfers her services to Ladies In
the country as Purchasing Agent.
She will give prompt attention to
::I orders entrusted to her for the
purchaoe of goods in this city.
PuItr haes male at lowest cash
prices, atI merchants' bills sent
with the goods.
OANNON &. Dvcno,
WHOLESALE
MILLINERY
AND)
LADIES' FURNISHING GOODS.
191 Main St., bet. 5th & 6th,
LOUTISVILLE.
T. M. SWANS, formerly Truman. Swann & ('o.
R. C. SNonDY, formerly Snoddy & Parrish.
W. J. AIIRAHAM.
SWANN, SNODDOY & CO.
HATS CAPS STRAW GOODS, LADIES'
TRIMMED HATS, GLOVES and FURS.
229 Main Street, Opp. Louisville Hotel,
LOUISVILLE, KY.
Orders promptly filled and satisfaction guaranteed
J. M. Robinson. G. 11. Mourning.
Oeo. C. Norton.
J. M. ROBINSON & CO.,
Importers and Jobbers
Dry Goods & Notions
211 & 213 Main Street, cor. Sixth,
Louisville, - * * Kentucky.
CARSON, BOWMAN & CO.
WHOLESALE GROCERS
No. 193 West Main St., bet. Fifth and Sixth,
LOUISVILLE, KY.
BRIDCZEFOD d 00.
MANUFACTURERS OF THE
GREAT WOOD COOKING STOVE,
AMERICAN!
Also, COLUMBIAN, forCoal and Wood. Ho
tel and Restaurant Ranges a specialty. Particu
lar attention given to all
DISTILLERY WORK.
C. J. Sievers. J. B. Girdler. J. W. Carter.
0. J. SElEVERS e 00.
Successors to Harvey, Girdler & Co.
Importers and Dealer in Foreign & Domestio
Hardware, Cutlery & Guns
H. Burden & Sons' & Juniata lHorse Shoes, S. S.
Putnam & Co., and "Norway " Iron Forged
Ilorse Nails.
289 Main Street, bet. 7th and 8th,
LOUISVILLE, KY.
J. Von Berries. F. Von Borries.
Von Borries &Co.
Importers and Wholesale Dealers in
CLOTHS, CASSI!ERES,
Vestings, Tailors' Trimmings,
READY-MADE CLOTHING.
189 Main St., bet 5th & 6th, Louisville, Ky.
WE send our Extra Heavy Coin Silver Hunting
American Lever Watch (fully warranted) by
mail(at our risk)to any address on receipt of 115 for
the watehgand 50o for postage,or by express C.O.DI).,
subject to inspection (if desired.) Money may be sent
safely by mail in a registered letter. Send for Illus
trated Catalerue. BARNES & BRO., Jewelers, 24
by mail. L i
WASHBURN'S
Photograph Art Gallery
"WITH ELEVATOBR."
118 Fourth Street, • Louisville, Ky.
Photographs in every style. Portraits in crayon
and India ink, life isze-from old pictures or from
life-acknowledged by all the most perfect likeness
now made.
1. L. CHITON, A. I. OUTHI, 1. J. O G'THRBIa
CHILTON; GUTHRIE & CO.
Manufactarers of
TRUNKS
IlA.US, TRAVELING BAI S & BASIETS.
No.186 Wesu tMain S., LOUIVILLE, KY.
wFactory 21, 23, 25 and 27 Bullitt St.
A Hanloime Caer Case Ferlsleg Free
WITH FIFTY NEATLY PRINTED
VISITING OCBDB for 8bo,
By F. M. FORBES, Fancy Job Printer,
Northwest Cor. Second and Main, LOUISVILLE
C. H. & L. J. McCORMICK, /
MANUFACTURERS OF
SelfBners , e1f. ake, Drop;er Z wr,
CHICAGO, ILL.
-~
TO OUR FRIENDS AND PATRONS.
Our Self-Binders as well :' our otber.t arvesting Macn lne nave met with such universal success in
,h. `ý . *, , I. . u . .. . increase our handling tailities, land in order to protect our cup
tomers against exor-i fant freights, we have re.ently opened a warchou-e at Nashville. Tienn., which will
be managed by our own salaried oen. thus giving us full control of our own distributing. A large stock
of machines, extras, wire, &c., will te kept on hbaud at both of your ,iarehluse-.
No. 72 E. Main St., Louisville, Ky., and No. 8 Broad Street, Nashville, Tenn.
H. S. SHIELDS, Gen'l Southern Agt. C. H. & L. J. McCORMICK.
Bamberger, Bloom & Co.,
Wholesale Dry Coods,
Notions, Furnishing and Fancy Goods, &c.,
242, 244 and 246 Main St., and 51 and 53 Seventh St., - * LOUISVILLE, KY.
New York, 115 and 117 Worth St.
Jno. H. Thomas & Co.,
Manufacturers' Agents and Importers of
HARDWARE AND CUTLERY.
Agents Bulfalo Scale Co., Parker Breach-loading Shot-gun.
277 West Main St., bet. Seventh and Eighth, Louisville Ky.
Headquarters for
athrigbt's Patent Send for Descriptive
Morgan Side Saddle. Circular of our New
Patent Iron Front
Sathright's Patent
Back Band Hooks. Texas Trees
and ventilated Con.
Gathright's New cave Iron Cantle
Patent Iron Horn
Trees. Best and
and Iron Cantle
Strongest Trees ever
Saddle Trees.
made.
I athright's Patent
61g Saddles.
HARBISON & GATHRIGHT,
MANUFACTURERBS OF
aLL INDS OF SADDLES
HARNESS, BRIDLES, COLLARS, &c.,
Andl Dealers in SADDLERY HARDWARE & LEATHER.
257, 259 & 261 Main Street, Louisville, Ky.
STIRICTLY PURE WHIITE LEAD.
JOS. HASLETT, President. L. LEONARD, Secretary.
SEZNTTCET LZ.AD ABiD OIL OOXPANT
Manufacturers of
White Lead, Red Lead, Litharge, Lead Pipe, Sheet and Bar Lead,
LOTTISVILLE.
In our New Works we are now manufacturing a very superior article of strictly PUBE WHITE
LEAD, to which we beg to call the special attention of dealers and ronsumers, and ask themn to uive it
a trial. Ilaving lately added to our business the manufacture of Lead Pipe, Sheet and Bar Lead
we are also prepared to supply the trade in that line. Orders solicited.
THE KENTUCKY LEAD AND OIL COMPANY.
Alford, Newhouse & Co.
WHOLESALE DRUGGISTS
CORNER MARKET AND SEVENTH STREETS,
LOUISVILLE, KY.
s8 ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED. -e
JOHN KAYE. LOlEltT FLETCHER. II H. SHOWERBS.
Kaye, Fletcher & Co.,
Wholesale Dealers in
IOTIONS, EOSIERY AND GLOVES,
GENT'S AND LADIES' FURNISHING GOODS.
A Full Line of Cloaks, Fancy and White Goods
No. 253 Main St., corner Seventh, Louisville, Ky.
.. JAEGE-.
Importers and Wholesale Dealers in
QUEENS WA RE,
285 MAIN STREET, BET. SEVENTH AND EIGHTR,
LOUISVILLE, KENTUCKY.
Tarwater, Snyder & Rankins,
IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF
HARDWARE,
268 Main Street, - - * Louisville, Ky.
A Aencies--Disston's Circular and Mill Saws, Patent Perforated Cross-cut .saws, Pierce's Supeieor
Auger Bts pre' Hand cut l iles, Sycamore Powder Company, Hiowe'u Counter and Platform uCBates,
Auburn Manufecturing Company, American Screw Company.