[ConiIu uIIIiattd.
"Et Tu Brute !"
In the last issue of the Natchitoches
Republican, an anonymous scribbler
"let fly the deadly contents" ofa small
bored pop-gun at "Squire Jack." Since
the publication of the article, Mr. E.
L. Pierson, of this place, has vrolun
tarily championed its authorship and
laid title to its merits, which was
certainly an act of supererogation on
his part, as the taste and style as well
as the utter want of "pith or point'"
that characterize it, were amply suffi
cient to establish its authenticity.
This contemptible assault was wholly
unprovoked by any word or act on the
part of Mr. Jack, assailing either the
status or sentiments of the pugnaciotus
little gentleman, and it must therefore
le considered as a purely gratuitous
display of malevolence on his part.
It must be conceded, that there is
nothing in the matter of it, that could
be regarded as personally otffnsive,
for the gist, as well as the particular
motive, thatmay have prompted it,
is certainly one of those mysteries
"that passeth all understanding." The
ground of our con plaint is, that we
were attacked at all at this jgfnetu.re,
by that gentleman. We were fully un
dter the impression, that it was a well
known fact, throughout the conmmuni
ty, that "Squire Jack," in company
with many others, was on a "regular
Bear hunt" and was without any in
tention of disturbing the smaller ani
mals.
This being the case, it was certain
ly not expected that they would wan
louly annoy hint in the chase, by fool
ishly running into the line of his fire.
Whilst it is true, that it could make
no possible differeuce in the end, it is
calculated to make us lose time and
our usual good temper.
It has been observed by hunters
in the jungles of Africa that the Lion
oftentimes, when hayed in his lair, by
a pack of noble mastiffs, will, with a
seeming respect for such foes, main
tain for hours an attitude of serene
and majestic composure, whilst the
buzz of a blue bottle fly about his
ears will lash him into fury in as
many moments. Nor is this suscept
ibility of aggravation f r o m such
causes, peculiar to him, it is shared
in common with other animals and
with man himself. What for exam
]le is better calculated to disturb our
equanimity than the buzz or bite of
a puny musquito f"
It is due to our "author" to state,
that taking advantage of the rule of
construction, which allows us 'when
the letter is unintellegible to consider
the spirit," we have come to the con
clusion that the sting of the satire is
sheathed in the "Squire" part (we
may be mistaken however, aq it is
possible, he didn't know how to spell
the word) and that it is derisively
used to denote our relation to the
learned and noble profession of the
law whose worthy votaries are known
as Attorneys, Counselors, or Lawyers.
The word "Squire," (to judies,) is
inteedod to indicate, when applied to
the legal profession, a quasi lawyer.
We will accept it in the sense which
your words would import, (if they
mean anything) and for the sake of
the discussion, we confess and justify.
We will come squarely on the merits
--some, under such circumstances,
imight recriminate, with a view to a
'drawn battle"-and would call you
a "Squire" too, but we do not we al
ways make it a rule not to darge a
man with anything that cannot be
proved. Yes, we are a "Squire" a
"'Squire Jack" if youn will, and we
have conie to this "title"n by great la
bor and under great disatlvantages-, I
having studied our profession for the
greater part, over pine knot fires by
night and in the silent woods by day,
without a preceptor and without I
other enconragement than the as- I
surance that he may worthily wear, I
whlo faidrly winu. We may here add, I
witihout thie imputation of vanity, I
that that tide thus aoo, has within a
very few years raised as front a. con- I
dition of poverty and obscurity, to
one of tolerable competency, and to
that which is'of far greater value, the I
confidence of the people and the Lhsn- I
orable recognition of the Bar of Louis- i
mana. Nor is this all, it has enabled I
us to take under our charge and guid- t
ange, not a few young men, who were I
animated by. a like desire, and to t
lead them smoetkly over the once rug- t
ged path that we had traveled, until
they had reached the goal of their
aspirafions-admission to the Bar. ,
Here, let us state that what we have t
said, has not been spoken in a spirit J
of eelf-sufliciency. No one can more i
keenly feel than we do, that our abil
ities have been overrated by a too I
generous public, and that we have I
been thrown into prominence often- t
times, when others far mpre deserv- i
ing of such recognition have been
wholly overlooked. So far as we are
personally concerned, in this great
popular movement, it matters not j
whether we are ln the roll of officers
or in the ranks, so that victory is won
and peace and prosperity are once I
more restored to this unhappy land.
But to return to our subject. Mr. ,
Pierson in a style truly patriarchal,
warns the Repqbliean party "not to
he caught with sech partizan clap- a
trap as that used in "Sluire AJek's c
speeeh on Saturday last: I care not i
whether a man be a Democrat or Re
publican, white or black, green or
yellow, so he is an honest and eomn- a
potent man, he will receive the sup- t
port of all right thinking met," (It t
mlay be staled parenthetiaosll that
the words "green and yellow' were t
not used by Mr. Jack-the mistake t
was doubtlessly uniutentional if not I
natural, as Mr. P's ideas have quite ,
a pronenen to those colors.) We
must be excused in stating that on
firtt reading this paternal and omin
ons admonition, a feeling somewhat I
preternatural flashed over us. We I
almost fancied that the startled spirit
of Greeley, of Chase or of Sumner, had
come up from the shades, to warn the "
party, wnhose life-long servants they L
had been, of the hidden snares .td
pit-falls that "the enemy" was p a
cing in the way ; imagine, howev r,
our great surprise and relief on read
is ing further, to find from the disjoint d
tr structure, that it was not the work f
I- one of the "old masters" but of a li -
e ing personage and that personage o
. other, in his corporeal entity, th u
1- our former redoubtable and truly
d repressible Fusion supervisor of regia
s tration ! We could but exclain,
n Saul! Saul!! why persecutest thfdt
Il me ! "Wert thou not with us but a
º' short time ago, a Democrat after t e
l- strictest sect of the Warmothites "
P. Ditl'st thou not, among others, ho l
y Pinchback's political "robe, whie
e they Were stoning him to death "
e When ! oh ! when, "wert thou anoin -
8 ed, O King !'t We were vwholly ove -
e powered in contemplating the in -
s mense distance over which you h: it
b. traveled in so short a time-the fias -
.5 est political time on record.
d Next in the order of this article, we
1, find some indefinite question abo t
*r Isnue kind of petition, the Democr s
b, were trying to have signed, reque t
s ing a Democrat to resign, because te
e had voted for an honest Republicau ;
e if we understand you nright, we o -
, collect on one occasion, that an i t
- diridual applied to us to draw up sn h
a1 petition, which we promptly refis d
- as did another Democrat then prose t
y -since which time we have heard
r nothing more of it. .As to certa in
legal gentlemen being denounced iy
an "Oligarchy" for something, tlat
you do not explain, we must confess
our ignorance of the fact, as well as
the meaning of your allusiqp.-Did nt
your gun go off accidentlly alopug
, here t Let us now come to the g st
e of the thing (if peradventure, thre
3 be any) and see if we can not und r
I stand each other a little better. W ly
do you object so bitterly to the d c
s trine, that you so lately advocate 1?
a Is it simply because we announce ' f
v or have you concluded that the te ts'
a are too severe ? in either case, let us
assure yop that it was intended sin p
ly as a rule to apply to our own pa ty
e and in no sense affects you. Aga in,
s you take occasion to inform us, tl at
3 there is no danger in "the cloud r s
- Ing in the horizon, no larger than a
It man's hand but ever growing by t y
I and by night, until it shall sweep mhe
I whole length and breadth of the ltuid
- -the white man's league."
r So said the antediluvians, one to
f another, when Noah warned them of
the black-browed elements of a d1
u, ge, that were gathering in horrid i
f ence around them: So said the So o
t mites to Lot, even when the messt t
r ger was with them, that brought t ie
tidings of the destroying fires of Ile, v
en. Yea ! in later tiones, a sons al
and seltish Sardinapalus commanm d
his dupes to "On with the dane ,"
I when the exterminating Legions w re
already within his gates. We do ot
say however, that you are not wi er
than they of the past or even pres unt
generations-it may be, and we tre
led to suppose, that your suple or
foresight, has enabled you to pit ce
the dark mantle of the Future aumd to
say "that all is well." ' But be it 'e
iecmibered and let it notw beplaced y Bon
the record, that we, in view of the 11
omnened appearances, have decla ed
aloud, in the voice of solemn and oar
est warning to all, that a convul on
was coming which would shake his
Land friom centre to circumfere ce,
unless thie councils of thie good, the
wise and thie true, should avert it, tnd
that you Mr. Pierson, cried out "I eed
himn not-this is all lpartizan clap
trap."
We will do you the clharity, how.
ever, to suppose that these rash words
addressed to a people, were rather an
expression of your belief as to your
own personal safety than as to theirs,
and from this point of view, your
Sprognogtication of the "cloud" would
probably be correct. We are not cer
,tain of the fact, but we have inferred
from circumstances that it was the
settled policy of bothl parties to con
tinue you in a state of armed neutrali
ty during the present contest. If
there has been any change in your
seeming relation to both parties, it
has been quite recent and we haive
not been advised of it. At all events,
it is a position that you hiavve occupied
for some time to the great satisfac-,
tion of both belligerents, and it is to
be sincerely hoped that you will con
tinue to hold "the balance of power"
to the end.
One more word at parting. Do not
suffer yourselfto become "weary in
well doing" but occasionally during
this contest, let us hear the report of
your well known pop-gun. We think
it necessary for two reasons: 1st, it
will keep us from forgetting you; and
2dly, it will prevent the soldiers of
both sides from going in your direc
tion. It does'nt matter which line you
fire on.
WILLIAM IH. JACK.
W. H. Tunnard the editor of the
Republican, the ring organ in this city,
takes ambrage at some allusions we
made in an article in this paper some
weeks since, in which we declined to
receive soldierly advice from one
whose knowledge of the qualities of
a man of war, was Obtained from a
close connection with a Commissary
Department. We are truly glad the
shot has told so well. We perfectly
agree with him that "the records of
the past have nothing to do with
present political differences," but
they have mauc to,do with the charac.
ter of the men whoi advocate those po
litical difference; and we c6nted,
and all candid minded men will ad
mit, that the character of men shape
and give respectability not only to
political parties, - but to every other
position a citizen may take in life,
and following out this hypothesis, we
are free to admit that the leaders of
the Radical party here, look as if they
I had no war record, or had one ac
-quired in so good a school' as the
SQuartermaster or Commissary depart.
mnents, which were, during the late
f unpleasantness, notoriously corrupt.
If he did not wish to "resuscitate" the
war, he should have refrained from
such expressions as were used in his
issue, which drew the remarks from
us that so nettles him. Mr. ' unnard
you were the lirst to begin this "war
business," but we propose you shall
not have the last "say" about it. As
far as our statements then made are
concerned, we were not ignorant of
the ficts when we made them, and
if you desire proof of such a fact, we
are Iprepared to furnish it. As for
the "sanguinlry engagements," as
you choose to term them,. that you
took part in, we can only suppose you
allude to the slaughter of rats with a
blow gun at the Round House, during
the seige of Vicksburg, which you
sold to the men at 50 cents each.
Anrl1 we ca'n Ulie ,fuit authoriti .J/or this
also. Our advise to you is to be very
particular in future how you italisize
the word "soldier," when you allude
to us, as we Oar a little vain of our war
record, we migh!t he tempted to give
you a touch of a Virginia engage
nIlnt.
I Written for the Vindicator.
She is Rising, Brothers, Rising, with
her limnner in her Hand !
ilY WILLIAM II. JACK.
Our glorious Louisiana,
In weakness and in pain,
Ilhas claslp'd her faled banner,
And is risik g once agin.
'Gaist Tyranuny and Famine,
That overspread her Land;
She is 'rising, brothers, rising,
With her ba'uler in her hand.
In silent tears of anguish,
She has worn the alien ':hain,
And seen her children languish,
aut She's rising once again.
'Gainst Tyranny and Faminte,
That oversprel'ad her Land;
She is rising, brothers, rising,
With her banner mu her hand.
She darres to meet the danger,
Though friendless and alone;
And tell the heartless stranger,
This soil is all her own,
'Gauiust Tyranny and 1'anine,
That overspread her Land;
!ihe is risinig, blrothers, rising,
With her banner in her hand.
'Tis a mnother's voice of wailing *
That nerves the hearts of all,
And her sonis with love unfailing,
Are conling to her call.
'Uainhit Tyranny and Famine,
That overspread her Land ;
Slie is rising, brothers, rising,
With her banner in her hand.
GC-OWLER.
(This column is given to the public
for an expression of views. The edit
or is not responsible for the ideas ex
pressed in correspondence. Coin
munnications must be addressed to
"GRowI.ER," P. 0., care 'Vindicator.
We hope that our friends who have
"ills" they cannlot "bear" will take
advantage of this means to "unload.")
Dear Growler :
Please inform me what your opinio
is of an editor of a newspaper whose
columns are filled with articles sup
porting corruption; claiming at the
same time to make an honest livinug;
but when he is criticised relative to
articles which appears in it,. he says,
"he did not write theLn," and seems in
dignant that any personi should make
any "attack upon his private busi
ness."
While I am oil the subject of pri
vate business, please tell me which
is tihe worst crime, stealing a horq
or sevehty dollars per month from the
poor achlool children, and if it does iot,
cease to be private when it is general
ly known
Yours, RATTLER.
Judas, when lie betrayed his mas.
ter for thirty pieces of eilver, con
sidered it a "private matter," and no
doubt was tvery "indignant" when
"jerked up"'about it. From our
knowledge of the individual hie would
support, anytliing for money and is
in no way "hoggish" about the amount
paid him. Stealing a horse is of
course the greatest crime, for the theft
of $70 from the poor school children
is "excused" by the Ilth amendment I
which will be proposed to the Ten
Commandments.
Blunt says the incompetent Police
Jury shallneither be removed or. re
sign. All right Senator, School-Di
rector, Professor, Parson, President
Blunt, make your own litter, nobody
is to occupy it but yourself. But what
say you to your Mondays finale.
Silver Gloss S1trch.
FOR THE LAUNDRY:
MLanafhetnred my
T. KINC8FORD & 80N,
HAs BACOME A
HOUSIIEHOLD NEOE881TY.
Its great excellence has merited the common
dation of Europe for American manufacture.
PULVERIZED CORN STARCH,
-Prepared by
T. KINGSFORD & SON,
Ezpreeslyfor food, when it is p-operly made
pRinto Puddings, is a desert of great excellence.
For sale by all First-class Grocers.
June 20 Im.
NORMAN L. UNDERHILL,
JUSTICE of the PEACE,
FIRST WARD, CITY OF BATON ROUG 1E.
Depositions promptly attended to.
July 4.-tf.
TEAS ! TEAS !
, Established 1810.
' THE ORIGINAL
American Tea Co.,
NXl. 43 Vesey Street,
1'. O. Box, 1287. NEW YORK.
ROItEItT WELLS, President.
Price bits of Teas.
(O)LON(G.-lh:ak. 4011, 51, (, best 70 ets. pe.r It,
MIXED.-Green and Black, 40, 50, 60, Ie.jt eo
cta. per ft.
JAP:lA.-Un:olored, 7), 10, 970, es, het Il.00
pe.r lb.
T.fI'ERTAI,.-Greean, 60, 70, 80, 90, best $1.59
p1lr ti.
YOUNG IfYSON.-Green, 50, 6'), 70, 80, 9o.
((.0t0l, hest $1.(05 per In.
G:ITNiYPlWD1E)t.h-'reen, 81.Il , bst, $1.30 per I1
lENiLlS,1 liltH l E.1KPAST.--BIa,:k, 6,, 70,, 80:,
!il), heest.l.Ui0 per lit.
N. 11.-Wee have a speciality ofe Garden (Growtlh
YOI'IG IIYSON atnd l.1e'ltIA, at l.2,, aild
OLIIOlhNt, Extra Choice, $l,ltll.
Our Teas atre put lup in (iee Poundtil Packaiges,
with thie kindl anll price printed onl each.
A.iENTS WA'TAS'I to get up ihcluls to ,seIl our
Tel'as t Famnilies, Hlotela, loardhiig lltluas alnd
others. In wri ng tfortee'a'as or sOdintg orders,
hie ia:Ltiulr l oetltrl: address the IPrsident of the
Company, thus,
tlOnEIRT WELL.s,
No. 41 Ve.sey St, New York.
We are omanieli,,l to requelst this, :as other
partie.s have ill iatdl out firm namtte.
y EEKLY turday Paciket.
For Gral Eeclr,, M~llaltlnloerv, Ate.a;ndlhia
leiievilhe, 'orm Ui '.4, ktrbiii's,
Fort l ll ussv,
And All Way ,L.(i.dings,
The A I 'Maliatlient and i at
runninlig idhle-whecl ipassentge.
acckliet
BART ABLE!
TiCK SIN'NOT, Malster.
i C. H1A.II.ToN,
T.J. Iow't'Y, Cloerks.
W 11LL run at ling as the water will permit.
Sleaing N-W (iOrleans everly Saturday at 5
P. )t., ,raanad E vare t'ry ''aesaty at 12 st., andtl
Alexandria ovet !y Wedlnesday at '12 At.
tuirilig the ,law waiter secason, thle Bart Ahle
will be replaced Iy the A I light draft steaiultT
SABILNE! !
For freight or p,t*,tiiet apply on hard or to
JI7LES, E.. MEISS,SI A/gent
HENRY G'ENIUS,
Worker in Tio, topper and
SHEET IRON.
Corner FRONT & TRUDEAU STS..
NATCIIITOCHES, LA.
Also, constantly on hand all kinds of
HEATING AND COOKING STOVES
of the most improved patterns.
All my stoves sold at city price and
guaranteed to be as represented. Lib
eral advant:ages offered to the trade.
Also, a fine stock of Tinware, Metallic
Roohig, &'c.
Gutters anid pipes promptly and care
fully repairtd.
HENRY GENIUS,
Coruer Front and Trudeau Sts.,
Natchitochee, La.
\ Jan. 17, 1874.--ly.
The Sa' urday Evening Post.
Thit Oldest and Best Story Paper Pub
Slished.
/ Founded August 4, A. D. 1821.
/ For more than half a century the
Saturday Evening Post has been the
GREAT LITERARY WEEKLY
of the Country, and has ever borne a
widespread and un1lenmished reputation
for the unsurpassed purity, refinement
and excellence of the Serials, Sketches
and Miscellaneous reading matter.
It is pre-eminently
The Best Family Iaper
that is published in this country, fromt its
never containing anythiig that would
offend the feelings of any one, either in
a religious or political sense, or that
could not he read at any fireside without
objection from the most fastidious.
The circulation of the Saturday Even
ing Post, through not quite so large
perhaps, as its younger contemporaries,
is not, like that of some of them, fluctu
ating, and too often short-lived, but
SURE, FOLID AAD SUBSTANTIAL,
based upon the intrinsic merit of the pa
per itself and not dependent on any ex
tran6ons influences, such as the populari
ty of individual writers, &c.
Good, however, as the Saturday Even.
lug Post has been in the past, it is our
intention to make it still better in the
future, and with this object in view we
will effect.a marked improvement in eve
ry department of the paper, and will
call th our assistance writers of admitted
alillity And known reputation.
By increasing its former attractions,
and. adding many judicious and pleas
ing novelties, by studying how to please
and cultivate the popular, taste, by in
ereasing industry and enterprise, and by
enlarged tiaeilities, we hope to make new
friends with each and every issue, and
continue to maintain the claim of the
Saturday Evening Post to its title of TIlE
OLDEST ANiD THE BEST of Family Story
Papers.
Terms to Subscribers:
One year 1 copy $3.00 One month 2l!
2 copies 5.00 Two months 50
" 4 copies 10.00 Three mo. 75
" 9 copies 20.00 Four mo 100
To any one sending $'20 for a Club of
9, an additional copy will be sent FREE.
Specimen copies can be had on appli
cation. We Employ no Traveling Agents.
All communications must.be addressed to
R. J. C. WALKER, Propiotor,
727 Walnut Street,
4hiladelplhia,
TPIHE SINCt-E3R.
The World's Fr vorite.
rTill; SALflS of the -INGlIRi, laNt veiar
j wa.s the grc:ltst e,\'r attained. ftr
ally Sewing Machine in :a year, :mlvl was
nearly d-otble the salhs of its high..est
o.,llietitor, as may he seen by rI'et;cllc
to the accoiunt of sah;les lior 1H73, from
Sworn returnsl lItkte to tile ownlers of the
S'wing Machine, Patent-fr-tom which
statistics we select th lie leading mna
chinies, viz:
The Singer sohl 231,4 11
" Wheeler & Wilson, "' 119,19)0
" i)omnestie, ' All, 1.4
" Grov\er &. I;akcr, " 36,171;
" Weed, " 21.7i69
It will ble olservd Ilthet lhei, ditfl'iree
in favor of the SING !El. is I he en rn'uoius
amuotnit of 1 13,54.i over I1,o highest ina
,etitor. This rlesult has been obtainedu
after years of ctlilpetitill;.
We submit to ;al i 'nterreteld pitliei if it
is claliliil.g too lmulch to say -the Singer
is the nmost llopular Sewing Machiile in
the worldl.
(EO,. W. ROBEIIT.S Agent,
Siniger Mlanuiticturiing (',.,
J\ue -t dilo·hcs, La.
,uno 2n-:;n1.
J. F. DITTRICH.
-Importer and Dealer in
RIFLEns, C./'S . PIjTOLS,
Gun Mi:teriais. Amunlition and Ciit
lery, llrretth-loalding double guns, of thio
latest imnproved llpaternls.
Solhe agent for the "1isnIark Dti.:C-le
barrel Ntcdle Gun.
.ei'. 82 Chartres 'Strct,
NEW ORLEANS, LA.
Mozzle lo.ders altered to Breech loaders
Also repairing done with neatness and
dispatch. All work warreuted.
Maich 7-1y.
NEW ORLEANS AND GRIAND ECOILc E
PACKET COMPANY.
PEOPLE'S LINE.
CAPITAL STOCK............$100,000
Divided into Shares of $100 00 Each.
I OOKS OF SCBI:l4CI'TION for Stock in the
l ore ('nmpany, organized arecording to thie
laws of Louisiana, relative to corporation: ; are
now openPied in Natchitoches. at the tilice of L.
DI)UrT.EI. Esq+., who is duly authlorized and emn.
lowered to receive siibscriptions. Twenty-tive
dollars ($'25) per Share will be reqluired to be llaid
in Cash by nubscribers lhen called on. saiV in
tlhree nionlths. The balance wigu requir'li, in
ilnstallhme.nts of 10 per cent of which three
mouths notice will be given.
JOIN I EINN.
Natchlitoclles, La., April , 1~74.-tIf.
GIFT NRPRISE
'rheo only Reliablet Gift D)istribuntion
in the.country.
$50,000 00
IN VA LUABLE GIFFS!
'1o be distributed in
168TH REOULAR MONTILY
GIFT ENTERPRISE!
-TO BE DRAWN
MIONDAY, August 10th, 1874.
One irand Capital Prize
$5,000 in Gold!
Two Prizes $1,000
Two Prizes $.3,00 t GlUlENBACKS!
Five Prizes $100 ; )
One Family Carriages and .Matched
Horses with Silver-Mounted hlarness,
worth $1,500!
1 Horse and Buggy, with Silver-Mounted
tarniess, orth $6(io.
One Fine-tone Rosewvood Piano, worth
$550!
Five Familyj Sewing Machines, worth
$100 eachl
750 (Ioll and. 8ilier Lerer uIlmUntig
atlckes (hi all,) IrthI frjiom $20 to
$300 each.
Gold Chains, Silver-ware, Jewelry,
&e., &C.
Number of Gifts 6,000! Tibkets
limited to 50,100!
AGENTS WANTED TO SELL
TICKETS, to whom Liberal Premi
umus will be paid.
Singfole Tickets $1;i Six Tickets $5;
Twelvo Tickets $10; Twenty-five $20.
Circnlars containing a full list of pIri
zes, a description of the nmanner ofdraw
ing, 'uad other inforniatiou in reference to
the Distribution, will be sent to any oc1
ordering them. All letters must be ad
dressed to
lMain Ofiice, L. D. SINE, Box 86,
101 W. Fifth St. Cincinnati, 0.
Oct 4-ly.
OBSTACLES TO MARRIAGE.
Happy Relief fot young Men firom
the elfects of Errors and Abuses in early
life. Manhood Restored, Impediments
to Marriago removed. New method of
treatment. New and remarkable remne
dies. Books and Cirenlars sent free, iln
sealed envelops. Address, HOWARD
ASSOCIATION, No. 2 South Ninth St.,
Philadelj'hia, I'a., Institution having
a high repultitation hii iionoralle colndct
and lrolTession:al sUil .
Nov. 15.-l v.
Prospectus for I7t--Sercuthirar.
THE ALIE :
An Illustrateil Monthly journul, r aivir.ºal
J1 admitted to be the 1iand.saniest Pc
riotdical in the World. A Itel,re
sentative mill Chatm'pioun of
Amiri'iaen Taste.
THlE AIU)INE, whih istsuedl n ith aill rtie
regctlaril y. has tlroe of the tetiuourarv or
iiiitel" inllrec:t (dhar-ceteristic of ,)rdiilary
lt:erinlicals. It is ir eleganit miniscellany
Oi fpIure, light andi glratefuI literature : a8l
a collectiotn of jpictures, the rarest Cpec-i
onucs of .artistic skill, in black and white.
All hough each suct-ceding nlllllier n tulierds
a fresh ilehasuroe to its frie'nds, the, real
valiue anrd hbcaty of tile AL.INE s will it
mtost appreciated aflter it has been bound
ip llt the i'lose of thte ye:'ir. While other
jouIlrnals ltemay claim sulperiior ehctapne,;, aIts
collp)ared witll r1l .ols " of a similar class,
the AI.itINI: is a uniquie andl original col
('lll io--alone anlld ultiappiroached- ailm.so
hlitely w\ithilot cmilpietitionl in price or
chairacter. The posseMssor iof a conpllete
vohllune :iranot duilliicate the lquantity of
line paper iandi engraviings in any iother
shale' or InuI er iof volumes for tenl times
its est: and then, there ailte the C'hromzios
besihl'des!
ARlT DEPARlTMENT,r 14,74.
The illustrlatolions r the A.toINs hbare
won a world-wide replitation. alid] in the
art centres of Europe it is an aidmitted fact
that its woodtti cts are exiamples of thei
highest perfeltion ever att:ained. Thai
(commonll pItrijudlihe in favor of 'steel lplates'
is r:apidly yielding to anorl'e educated and
discrhimitatiilg ti:i~ate which recoguizes tlhe
advan\:tage-s anil siperior artistic qrluahty
Swiith gr'cater licility of plrodiciction. TheI
wo,)l-ctllts of the A.!lXi: possessl,, all th.
delicacly andl ela:lorlite finish of the most.
costly steel plateI,, while they aflor'd a bet
ter rendelring of the arltist's original.
To fully realize the wonllderful work
which the Aldine is dloilng for the caute of
art culture in Almerica. it is only necem
sarly to ceonsider the lost to the people of
any other dec-eat reprtesenutatiois of the
li'eoluctilons olt grelt Ipainters.
In a:dliilon toi designs by the imerbtiber
of the .Naional Academy and other noted
Anmericuan all its, the Aldino will repro
dlnce examilphs of the best foreign masters,
selected with a view to the highest artis
ti success anlld greatest general interest.
Thuns the isubscriber to the Aldinlle will, at
i triiliig cost, enjoy ill his own honae the
jpleaseircs and refiuinhig iutluences of trua
art.
Th'lee quarterly tinted platels for 1874 till
be b1y Thios. Moranlill aend J. L). Wool ward.
The Christmlas issue for 1874 will con
tain special designs appropriate to thet
season, Iby oir best artists, and will ns1r
lpa-s inl attractioinsany of its pradecessiors
'remiuums for 1874i
Every subseriber to tile Aldine for 1c74
wi l receive' a pair of chroinos. The orig
inal pIictures were painted in oil for the
publishers of the Aldine, by l'homas Mo
ran, whose great Colorado picture was
purchased by Congress for ten thousand
dollars. The subjects were chosen to rep.
resent ' The East" and "The West." One
is a view of the, White Mountains, New
ihianpshire ; the other giivcs the cliffs Of
Green River, Wyomling Territory. The
differelice in the nature of the scenes
themselves is a pleasiug contrast. and af
fords a gaod display of the artist's scoape
anul coloring. The chromnos are each work
ed from thirty distinct llates, and are in
size (12 by 160) and aplpearance exact fac
similes of the originials. The presentation
of a worthy examnple of Amlerica's greatest
landscalat Ieainter to the esnlaeel-rili,ts of the
Aldine as al bold but peculiarly happy
idea, and its siccessuil realization is at
tersted e)y the following testlimonial, over
the signaiture of lMr. Moran hlimaself:
Newarki N. J., Sept- 20, 1s73.
Messrs. Janlmes Sui ton & Co.,
CGentlemen-I alm delighted with the
proofs in color of your chromos. They are
wonderfully sluccessful rrerseiltations by
mechanieai lroceeas of the original paint
ings. Very Respectfully,
ThoMAs aloRAN.
These chromos are in every sense Aner.
ioan. They are by an original American
process, with muaterials of Americai maca
ufactitro, from designs of American scene
ry by an Anierlean painter, ind presented
to subscrielrs to the first sueceafiml Art
Journal. If no better because of all this,
they will certaitly aossess an interest lno
foireign iroduiction can inslaire, and leither
are they ally the worse if Ihy reason of pe
eular facieilitice of production they cont,
the 1puplishere only a trifle, while EQUAL
in ewery resPleet to other chromes that are
sold singly fir )QDOUIE the subocription
price of the ALDIXE. Persons of taste
will lprize these pictitra's for themselves
not for the price they did or did niot etnt,
and will ai)mreciate the enterprise that
renders their distribhtion possible.
If any subscriber should indicate a pre
fere'neo for a figure sulhject, the lpnbliahers
will mend " Thoughts of Honae." a new and
beantiful chroeno, i by 20 inches, repre.
senting a little Italian exile, wh(ose speak
ing eyes betray the longings of his heart.
TERMS:
$i per Annum in Advance, with Chromos.
For 50 Cents Extra, the chromes will be
sent ilounoted, varnuished and prepaid by
imail.
The ALDINE will hereafter be ohitainabli
only hey snbscrsption. There will 1e no
reduced or cluii rate: cashI for subIserip
tions mnst Ibe sent to the publishers direet,
or handed to the local canvasser, without
responsibility to the pjullishera, onlly in
eases where the certificate is given, hear
ing the tcil-silile signature of the pIublish
er '
CAXVASSERS WVANTTEDi.--Any person Iohe
wishes to act lperanentlv as a local (can
vasser, will receive fill l and prompt i -
formation by applying to
JAMES SUTTON & C0., Feblishersn,
1;8 Maiden Lane, NEW YORK
or. pSlerj Srp cii c cures D.pepsica, .ier
Coimplslnt, Coontipatienl, Vem'iting of Fond,
Soure Stonachl. Water Bashl. Ileartheurn, Icr
Spitits, &e. In thiriy-five yecar nIever failil.:
to cell' t1he iios.it obstinate aca-es Sold Iy
iruelggists generally.
Agllts for------------. Deepot. )1.
Eighth Si.. t. i.Circula:. nirmailed on appi
'aliol T. LA'O''IT .pnft Vil, jt,,it J.
chet . La .nit i-e on