O)FFIIL P1C1AiG-' L(N, L
uA Y. -, r Ire .
he", "rooS r ' tihintle cwmn
wahb ýathe ahurisi.., the bun..
Sun f rr~y dial CbtlD
a~~pm' -. hav~ab g~~l
4 . - a
g4.ume.up * 0 i oo
sus bp~ aba b'i .·
ofat sPU hbladI7 to the dlMthlb~
ales with *wpI the a!p~t$ 4gi
ested epatdltb "'We havte
MI1 !M per,: lend ,we 214n4
t suial." Baft t
few to pay a debt bekau pp1l i
* IWM IE *l6 b dellei
* ~ 5~~l ~cplsdrnr lm
N ai str ae et +ýlý ' iýt ag y
whJ1 sm qhuscubpi is pUg~
we Ibis t wvemfat of tuoper p
piVU41ahde~ts ropy thou,
bat wea wilumqte, vbk thibpht~u
;It m1Ibi Uthatwr b ded
bei oolNeth oem ppe&. baea
M t ebheb ftMn? ihu soot?
Isl ipw'4t~ e a le W
ban& tw tbat
&IWºI9IM *thejiM debt, or
sE'bb~ýMsL. We cuse 'j sibg an
~Ibi of 00*i
touir .fboie
Mt n lui t4 the ftol~lowingss
Isjfv4 ._N ds~s~ bfla ~ %º equ; +ug
spu. " it do "s.1a a
usbijemahl. their Iastem isv'
ý" r ii~rd
n 3i' thi pesu.
t 'I * at , "ed';
- s"~wn .9L*'~d ~Lilir. ~R
O *.sJ bairn sa
th#Ie~ th~ spi~ wm
La'~j
~c~~lr~lt~bp; bjdctrs~
*~s~eiisnmI tesdp
~~ub aemdesi: (
'-4 lsqltJ L~·ul)a~ perr.J
A ~ * .1 i ~ Id~ .* 'I
*'*1 ~ nux~ JdIm F t rtn.' ~ rc ~J I
-~r - at 1 Ri:
L: 351
if~l, O#OW~IIJI 4
a ·L~rk
Obets of Taxatile.
What we redeaveir o4' Isre ro n .e
a recent article relatie to the1.0,lf1ey
of tasing corporation] was not penr- I
hape, as cleasrl sprtsed VI it Ishald
have been. Our Ihrpons wn' t o im
preps the Coonpitiuionial Conventinl
with the understanding that eniititl,
esmmercial and other corpnrnti,",s,
fard when we say corporations we
do not mean monopolies) mhonld hear
An ( q~l~ parles of the public bur,,
dead '
"I` ,T wtrflb" l , , ,-'-,;,, - H 'm l in
invetament apen real estate-weCred y
by mortgage, and from ihieb large
Ijetest-Sevenuse Is derided, pays
nothilg inat the common fund:. Tihhls
asoe' i m vset wipital, amounting to 1
millioim, *hiedi'lhould be tblhM t to
l dare ,nf;taste, Apd which heing
dones, would, elieve. real ltate from
ets ptneesent wwrPls burden.
The Constultdi6fal oufMrinn ll aI
Sve done e noble wotk when:,it shqll
hate pointed out to the legislature
eobects of tlAIation, frpm which we
eTn gather roveltne, other titan land.s
ppd- buildMi a ait' ssuming all 'ob
iigatiops f Srtate, and theie corpolra
tioes 'and. capital inv'ested in what
soever maner, should and- nutial Ibe
mnade to contribute to publite purpo
pea before the relief sotigh; for, can
eb sitlitaqtially and Snally realited.
We eannot applsoimate an amonnt
from wheih jwtdgmnent could be form
ed, at whict' pmortgage.eapital coul
be assessed, bt'it is safe to .ay that
a revenue of notlJess than $250,00)
ebul be devved,from this source
alone, i$d this 'amoust is that mach
less tias rsl ei'taie new beas and
would bear, evehn iwild taaktion :ro .
dced tn dv.n nl lts ndel the present
lstem: of taxing tiel atlate illia'art
wholly,
:;Real estatel anssutments require al-.
Ssome adjustment. We believe the
arsesaments in this section t. Ibe fair,
mat !re 'andesptand tlht in the lower
and richerI parishes they are ridiel-:
,lousty lo.w' Withl 'a proper sadjust,
ment of thlis,arid an' addition thereto
of those objects we have anugested,
ie ena't see why more than 2 or three
mills shoIld be required after our
ieneacee nd poll tales are collected
:i' lho Trhue lde of Tanltin.
A'  i" war,' sn' Ib politics. 'the
ageithig ,atty suggested attad de$ by
41h0s age ies tewow k' ! ali into
e limes of capital, corporatons and
4daiild 'al.titatlons, hs raisned the
eaney Ai dti itjrle. `Now comes the
ýteiog,,b . ,gaid calls our.sugges
lions "'aovel, and wantsa more light
"e s strange a sabject.
Ifte prilee. thatbii revenuesi',t
we ha ed edto little purpose tha
Isbory of Freach ilnanceet ing. i
caphl ri tor~ Ia o.ts are inot' elt
t ,er catuisped. d more abl .to' ear
the whmle burden of' tie Strate even,
thanhtida, 'then "the suecet' of the
"novel 'plan"' in' Penneylvsania is a
.11th.
oBat the NeYs tnows better than
S li4 Wbawe th' wh~nh apital as
mmseeit'sjmsk share of taiation, when
corportloms-,seos. :ponepolisnware
tes~ *1Db. taibe fdisphsbt of blird
i timhesirheo,. 'Ihr l . , litll' lot lind
] r 'I: s- teateo, llry ,oto
,dleg will, a tenaie.y woriy of ia
hitt ease 'toth ith ea that tan4s
.lo , e, her o'tso
r support capitl, anor toiling thou
sands, bm tlgmwarasmsw.
I. l tide *h1t' the liendboidet and
i, tile Com'e im tiaMi their prim.,
alpal a.d teWhes saldl Ist be touch
id by the .sltsaaterer, bat' tbit the
shall cemns Ie , stagger aigei adet
o fp'l e the "hey iof t e State'
ainsll oar ilual a! interests are
hF F .teo~ ipty); Such
lsieni o wijal ot alas tila ' I e
will ,otpid l 9agt it. e
to p artlher. <lW.aitl
a.ssik _4!AeiterbasseeaA
ti, ever t lmg elid h.
9 asaseW aaImws .Wlq e trsA t are
to S n n t
tppeeh of om. J*. F'i.ryd incn.
...T . fi te f .lo i.g ,'k el , *c l of O W le' ,.1 .
J. Floyd King., M0.llhr of Ionro.,
from thle .t.lh Lonisiona iitri.t, de
livered te fore the louse of IelrerP.
r.ntatireP, is5 14id hefore our reiulers
eltder the helief that its pernfnlI will
he interesting, from the filet tl.,t it
vindicates our people and helie:s t?,'
hase atperasins and fonl calnmny
heapedl "One Mh, Psplume uponn the
nouthern people by the Repuhlicans
in CongreAs.
The House bheing in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, antd
having nnder consideration the hill (H.
R. No. 2) making appropriations for
the legislatire, execntive, and judicial
expenses of the 4overnnºent thr the fiste.
esst ending June 30, lPt%0, andlt for other
purposes
Mr. Kieg mid: :
Mr. :UAtnr~ Att : The meinber from
Michigmn, [Mr: B'rr owsa, in his re.
marks to this committee on April 18,
u,,dertfook to sustain" his charges
against the democriitie party by black
aning the name of Louiisiana. To
effedt this he quoted in part from the
majovity report of the "Teller eonm.
mittee," which ho ansplemenlted with
striking pictures of outralge drawn
from his Own vivid imagination.
IiIt Ist common exlelience tihat it
is easier to hatch ia foul broed of
falsehsood than it is to destroVy it
when it has once flown from its nest.
It is a fseless task to attempt to hunt
down all the winged fictions from
fertile braidis of men bent on decep
tion and strife, but I conceive it to be
imy duty not to peFltmit false charges
against the State l't ave the honor in
part to represent to. go nnrehnked.
When a mnemlt-r; atte'nipts to pass his
spurious emall eh.ane as the esusi
diary coinfe of pIolitics. I must beg
• leave to enter-my protest.
.Sir, I am amaned when I see a
menmbher of this House undertaking
to hose charges agninet the citizens
of my State upon tple flinrsy testilno
ny taken lyv the ,anj;,sitiy Ef tu.h
"Teller cominmitt'e," especianllh when,
it, nrot he within t1,e klnowldge of
thle membler from ?Michigan tlhat fott
of the very identic:'l genillrmeiie'in
dictet ilpon the cLh:ji gi* nmide hbefro
that.conmmittee s'it' :allv~,d e'limes
agailit lite eleetion , tn -conefronled
by the s.mei witnesse, 'lavn e heell
recently tried in the city of New (ir
leans and acquitted. 'lieir tii:al was
before a ljnry i) the memnloh: Is of whichl
the "tlet.* Eor "iron clad" oathl had
been applied, ant I presided over rby
T two Ulnited Stateo ,judiges. I repeat
that they were promlitly and honorse.
boy acquitted. Another lilt of over
fifty in number, whol, were indicted
and tried, 'failed of cnviction, and
Asill another lot of-sixty load their
lases continued untiil' ext Cfll upon
the'motion of tle Irililed States dis
trict attorney, made in open court,
where they were standing ready for
ttrial.
S. Wh d'ere these gentlemen so in
dietedst Were tmhey the red -handed
rnflan depicted by the member from
Miehigan " I' answer, no: and it is
scarcely permisasile with reference to
I the dignity of this House to eharac
terie these charges ats they deserrve.
sir, whie, are these gentlemen who
have been ar liAibg thus pcerseented ?
a I can fairly claimD that they ate the
peers of ' n onm this floor. Many of
them are rldmatesa o thie fIrat nni
.ersitics of ainopab, 'iid "of colleges
aned schools of this eneoatry,'dpqteeh
rtliatives of all the profesuions. the
heads and memnbers of sonis of the
most respected families of this Ira
tieo; property-owner9, they are the
Stre custodlans of peAce. They have,
so faras the United 8tates has cho.
* en to bring them to trial, been ad
judged gniltless of crimeas by tribe
eals whose loyalty and fidelity to the
. republieoan party cannot be quesation
, ed by gentlemen on the other side of
thidi Chamber, and they are ande to
Suffe~eimplIy ineeuse thley are demo
sratS..
; This, we are told by tihe member
Sfromn Miligain, is a trick. If, then,
I it tbe a trick, as ihas been well said by
'm colleague, Mr. Gibson, it is e'a
trnelk" performed by a Federal jqury,
a Federal district attorney, and
Ferenal judge., all of whoml were
r epublicans.L A trick, mir! Look at
it. Toron from loring ones at home,
ftrom weeping wives and children,
f0-p, aister. and mothern trembling
wlith gief, these gentlemeS were
i draged huodteds of miles, ayay. to
,New Orlans,uompelled to pay thieir
own eLpenseo and the expeseae of
their wltesaes,, to leave thei. busi
Snoa in' rmins and their families in
d disaeas. They were not tried by
. their peers nor by jurie of the vicino
Sae,- r~igts. guaranteed by the ol
gonLmon law of Eiglalnd, but by
- strangers, by men whose political pre
b judices wre liable to bias their judg
.nesapt.,. Whrr,.t is further from
Ith qes ,af thes. alleged ontrages
to ].wPrleans thon from this eity to
New York or Boston.. And yet everj
~ o, qftJ was acquitted! BEt
! ratp,they agilpat this
y tho,
SJ In tihe S4ri -'o
pg S t ro q rleans
ss a .that tlae. c hi
fe ceptions whnbl
W b , few pcaption,, all whe
Pwder tdhe chamrgys made
1 yn e T.?hIe yPiimege
oe to Appear I'e toat qotn
q :pt l awIm
af.re~
I:,·craia;
tihms oi olrmse. discarl, and crime i
1l11141 lt11 gage , |' 4,h" s i lee le;'s ill l.Ie
°uI 1a1,1e ll . ii, -'rhi 4i i te.*l g ei m iiell .
h~ st mt ih-ll ti e hutley rains 11O, lot
bt ti0e ftul. igimee,1e 4 ef4 elhlers, bilt ilt tof
lthe leg Iiagth o , thi s .1is,6l, ;lle l niefri.
lls l i.e l| el lt i IM p is W li", I h; 11. 1.hl''y
lme all lI1aol ien wi kledl alled 1e l1.
% I,,, dll ll ovese liele e rl. m I.a'n hr!-l t
ten thie he k ldais e f e el,, nI lie 'eio l iii.'
in l n.iJeel ell , lh, w1eeth e I e'i 'c,.e'ieleln -
livei ofl tlhe ieeople .ere drivge-b h1_
:hyeoneirs frti walls in th le leginla
tore to whlic h they lhad lwele doult
elected to give place to ignot.elt anid
brutal pllaederers. Rlut a fnew icharge.
or raether a new ceoenet of tihe ,old
charge againlt ouiir people is floW ile
ing made. It is said hby menlidacious I
prersie, and 1 ie ched iby eqeuall)
medlstcions perslion in this lapital,
that the eeloied man in Iing driven
fioe Louisianma by oppression and
Iplliticl erseclltionl.
Nothing is easier, Mr. Chairman,
than for the imagination to hnild on I
inolated eases a theory utterly false
in fact. At every corner of this city
able-l.eliLed Cehlred men stretch out
tlie hand of mendicancy with pitiful
tales of distress. There are mnlore
cegroes begging thiir bhread between
tihe White Holuse anlld thie Capitol
than between Arkansas and the Gulf I
of Mexico. Are tlhes cries oef ourf
feriang in tlhee strleets real and goenll
inc ? if so, is it noit the duty of tilhos
gentlemiren who are alhlring tle ne.
gro of Ltnisiala from his hiome
whllere hell can nmake a iasistence, i
even if it be a ,pooer one-to attend d
rather to thlese cases beftore their own
eyes, at their very doors. On tile
other hanld, if the ;daily testimony of i
tlies beggars, their eeft-repleated tales
of woe, lare fictions,. why should therel'
lie attacihed nmore credit to the eicho of
reports from di.stlaiit aiil unknowl Iw
persons, generally given on hearsay, I
selfeo, traidlictory. and as stlipenleons
in fabrication as tle AIralian Nightls P
We lhad a system of labor which,
with all its faults, eenrctl ceitain I
largea economic ieimllc alllt nld most (of
tlbe helfits eof eiviliz:tillmn. Wair alnd
philanthropy. whetllher Ll or pire
tended, swept it alway. \ ' did not I
stopl i weere over.ll1 e dealll4t1 hion of 1
thie sla"'ie ysteim, blet set tie awok to
re-estallish il'der ill soriety, to re
Ihild its ltendllntiions y patie i cel and l
midistr ; buit the t'uited States (oev
emoimmelt wasm inii the hands oef Isel I
who Lew iellthing excep" hllow lt le- l
iolishl l
Rcolstriei tieol Wasl)t wrse tlilan tile
destroction an:i hairte of Warim. 'IiThere
canse a:n airmlmy of licenseI4d thieves
amneig IIts, tiickedl lut in thie IIr:lp
pings of lithe law, paid fmetam the pub.
lie funds, anli d al llte.l onl Ihe' satuille
bloks as glvernlerst juIdges, ithrellt tey!s,
or nmarambiis. They r .lhheid is and
demnoraliziell our :ileor sysihte-matilmenly,
and then derided us lbee'ase we we-re'
poor nmld dlesorgamizedl biy e lh-ir own
wicked devices.
We admit our poverty anld ouir dis
organizatlion, and they will not de*
part fremn l. until we sie ridi of re
publlicann mllisgoveli melnet. lEven now
I while we are struggling to resteore our
fortunes, at tile very miloment our peo
sIle, straining tlleir credit, are pitch
inmg their Cr'Ops, at glealt agltaltio is
prodleed in the laboring class hy tile
catlteriing of lyming circulars "among
tile neaut imllora.llt to imlnlet t"hem to
desert their ilmenie. anSdl seek a new
laind ef Camnal.
Fortlb rately fier tlme colored uman,
this miovecmemt i nIot likely to assullle
Ilarge Jproportions. If it were so, I
salould silidder ;at tile poseible fate of
thisn unfoem mnhle elass of laborers,
seduced fromm liels of toil to wllich
they are tr;linel ,ind nacestollemeed lo
localities where thIey will seek to
earn their breld at every lpseibile
disradvanltage amld I exp-oed to tihe
keen competition of tile nmost indis
trious amnd energetic race in thie worhl,
before wlioase coimpetition they are
doomed to hepeles.s defeat amid lt e
beggary andi vice whliech have always
Ifollowed their UIllosccessfl conmpetli
tion witi whaiite laieer ill norlthermi
comnlmunitiea.
r In. scich a eoailtest they nmaslt go to
Sthe walil, amd nolne know this etter
r than thie political leaders in this city,
Swho for personal and larty ends iihave
Sinstigated lthi negro exodus.
I Sir, st lad been my intention to
adiscuss to some extelmt the broader
tissues before this committee, but
Sthey hIave been alreadly so widely andi
s eodeeply argued that it weold be
useles. for me to occmpy the time of
a the committee in doing so.
SThie question is recolved into a onut.
slhell. It is this: Shall we repeal the
f test oath and have a law that will
- give us fair juries Sihall we repeal
San act passed by a forier Congress
r atlhorizing lie ms. of troops and an
unlimited army of deputy marshals
Sand siervisors teo le appointed by
tim phe ly in mpower aind to be used at
- the polls ? Or, in othIer words, shall
we have fair jnries and flee elections
Sas in times past? Thie voice of tihe
n nation demands that we hall? and I
rAt one propose to sit here uantil that
demand socoomplied with.
M r. Chimirmmn, I am not herete
m bid for the favor of any section. I
I have mo cheap patriotism for sale. A
- iepotocrat have never been and
pe ver ' halitne the superservice
i p or amilatinn; but
L!iiave as Ionest a pur
r pole to secure the welfare of our
Seoumo opntry as th maost blatant
Sof thlosm wimo dlsc my State. It is
t for thatthat I am sent hiere by people
Mpio, thoughsffing, are not aliens
I ted fromo their Governent. I am
m their lperesentative here to secete
Btimes prtedial Interests and to utter
l teir, prqtest against misrepresentms
i lion. For thirteen long years did
t bis noble people of that State strug
d lep under time croel, infamous tyranny
, niposed upon them by sheer force;
i but now, thalok God, Lanisiani stand
: once more with her sister atates in
B ,kilaUTnio, at last free, and so lshe
Bsiatenads to remain.
-THE PUPULA RESORIT.
TI~ E FII4ENIX has ptt ott as new life
i eoo. W. Kilo has taken clarge
w Itters for public (arorr.
t ChTaiCleeat,
SLIQUORS,
1- 46- fi
f~d~lorgert, ye~ tlibita~9kiitfB PH(I Na
GEO. W.IKILE,
X 41.-11. Proprietor,
!omImotnwealth 'eonstitutional (Ionl.
lE'1 44311 .
[Report,.ed ty the Il:litor]
(Coltined I'r(l Fa 1.11 t Imiparel.)
Relative Io tile distribultion of tihe 1
mtneale$ r1 *'"eeive for taxes.
m i~lle\ a I'.('t l I le tlll" Is( el'I.4 1
Relalltie to the lullii .'rhool|,
lyv I)ehgleate eI 'lixz-- liiur IeV tO
tilhe Selhale boarell of Iliae i; e1e1;il ;A
Ily I )elehate ,o:lan - Iel;ative to tlhe
pAll1 ths 1 l' Il l ,'lNl'.er.
kelatlive to the exemplljtion from
taxeis -f' all kinds of all vetse.4el Ltlilt
in the Staue.
.By Delegate Stringfellow- le:laltive
to exemlliptianl Io n fro seizure a.ll alie,
and piovldiag f'or 8l se1 1 ecuring a
honest ead.
By D)elegate Kelly--Relative to
thile dlbilalienl of iii,{te'ilit'dl StaMlI
WlaSlR to aetl a1l set tleI .
By Delegate Ste.wa.'rt-lb Hltivie to
thie playm.nlent of corl'orllilo h In'xe;
providing that siuh taxpanlers Ihall
Ie exempist '14oml jparihi tlaxatio6.
By Delegate Wells--lhtlalive to
exenptions from sRizanle a4Ind Ile.
By Delegate Poche-elRative to
the waiver of homestleds andl el.he,
exemptions.
Relative to the tnalifi4ntions of
Senators and liepree'lllatijve, a1ll
tlixing a term of flhice.
By Delegate Smiiih--lHehlatire to thie
price of Illlllll l ilhor.
IRelaive to tihe advantages of plb
lie coil vel aitceo.
By Delegate Todd- Helative to ex
isting I. a'rishes a tl the cre: Lion of
neow 0110.
By Delegate lInSlkin-R-elativel to
tile mainltenance' of 1aillel'r o e rlland tihe
iIInane.
I.el1ative to tie protetion olf per
SOns, chalrl'ies and ropl'eelly I .
Relative to tile pIrotlctlion of 1im111-.
hers of the General Assemb.ly frolll
arrest.
Relative to tile eligibility of minis
ters to ottlice.
By Delegate Kenlnedy-Rlelahtive to
the publi, schools; plot iding fori
separate schlools.
Relative to chanlging tihe State cl'-
ital: providing that 1i 'i chan1ge shall
be nade iiuntil the 4qlest1ion is Stulblilt
ted to a vote of I e peI4'ople.
iy Delegate Jenkinslhl--Relativ e to
adultery ; providing tlhat it 13e si -
uiolunced as a erillle.
BIy Delegate It ,ema1sn-Ie-lative to
the leasilng of convhiets on planta
tios ; prolhilbiting su, le~I in;g.
IBy DI)elegate II'rnIe--lcelal i ve to a
division of tIlhe citev of New )rle;ans
into urban and rlural districts.
Ivy Delegate EInml.-lielelil4i to tile
incorlpol'lion Elnit :1.own4 ail cities;
providiing that such inc,l.rporalit
shall Ihe graltllled IV the Goevernor.
AttorneTy elI.elral and t Stt r 'l.ell
rer. andi not by iuse (eneral Assemlºly.
By I)elegate eGloin(;lil-celhlive to,
tihe ins)pelt'tion of articles of I'e.Id.
By Delegate Jast..lelski--elt ivse
to the graduatiolrn of ileliralhtlldie.
By Del):egate J4oflinill-Relativ to
exemptions from seizulre anlld sale.
I- D)elegate lil.lchardl--I -'lltiv4e
to tile nlakiung of pllrolit iout of schln,l
SmoneI,. making the samlln1l :1 It;l'Iny.
Relative to dlisnqulilc:tinst f3,r lthe
sofiaorae.
By Delegate Sell'---Rel:altiv to dim
qualifict11ions for the sufliage.
Relative to itlternal impalll ements,
prohlibltilg t114' S1it 1 ion :1i4ing
privrate corpoal';itionls
By Delegate G(lel'ringer--Jehllti t'e
to thie s31tIm of ileelical l alnl rIlt
By D)elegate Chllinpella-Relative to
thle Ir'e ision ef tilhe Civil (Code lt'114 the
general alltt1t4s.
Relative te t'ilts to i316 i31A114,4 hy
dC~ea f lel' t'0ohts.
lrelativie to pIivileges oi4) Illol eh,1.
Tile C(,onVieltienle C"IA hiee to l, ir
der at I o'c4lck. PIe'ri4hllt Wills ill
the chaeir 1I d II le Inlter, pre,lt.
lra.c0' was cll.,,eel bte l1ev. Mr.
I )e l4'itte lnf:ittl il't'tle n I'teolell tll
Ip'r'vildillg thI;et Itee l;ite. 'rre,,;eesllr (r Iie
Irl4e',l1tI 1t l lpi6y the t n llit' ;ntl l el l' i3
Celolvenltin lohl 114111 1ny 11) n'erIal finllie
moliey1e'3 ill tie II lct llenel'V. Ad li tsP .
Delegate Ilanlehall'd said hbe wo,
rcquest'tel by tile Stiate 'Trea'slr4er ter
their wariralnt hIe wohl sedl t lhct
echecks feor tile aImoullts if the wlr.
r; Iants were left at hirs oltiee.
RESOUITIO)NS OFFEIEltI.
r By Delegate i)enlas-That lthe
Slate Representatives in Cogl'ess I.e
requested to adtvocate the p;eIsai;ge of
a law doullling tile tariff' o1 all inI.
I potted sugars. ,Laid over.
HBy Delegate Simlon--Tllhat thie Ce.
verntion proceed to rix a limie iIuenl
I taxation in tile Slate hefele proceed
I ing to the consideralieln of ally 1lles1
Stion regarding taxation ad t hle Sltate
Sdelt. Laidover.
By Delegate Iienvenn--l'lThat tlhe
Slaws creating thie State lIoard of
SHealth and authorizing a qiarantitne
I be repealed. Laid over.
i By Delegate Bell-That tile Mayor
of tile city of New Orleans he re
Squested to furnishl all infornantion con
[ cerning the cost of the governrient of
lthe city under different admisiatra
I lios, aid the debt and interest paid
thereon since 1852. Laid over.
t By Delegate Noguez-Thtat the
Committee on Corporationsl Ie i;n
strtoeted to investigate tile workings
I of the State Lottery Company, tilhe
. Slaughuer-Hose Company and the
Gtas Company, and report thereon to
the Convention. Laid over.
SBy Delegate Gardiner-That ill
a'persons found carrying ciIicealed
weapons be required to pay a 1O1e of
$500 or two years imprisonument in
I the Penitentiary, or bolth, at theo lis
eretion of tlhe court. Laid ovt'r.
ORDrIANCES INTRODUCED.
SThe following ordinances were in
troduced, read onle0, l1l4d Wellt over,
a under tile rules:
By Delegate C(ahen--cllai'ive to Iht
seleetiontn of text.looks for lhe Jilhle
silools.
Relative to the creation of the ofie
of parilsh attorney, anId ah.lishiig
that of district atorney..
Relative to the cOIlposition of IIthe
Supreme Court.
RelataIre to Ihe lcreation anld Cegni
lation 1of State ofleers.
Iy l)elegnte Tlodd-Relltive to
taxation.
.elalive to puhlic etduettico.
I Delegtie Mearshrall-Relative Ito
qgah1oai ratima fir jugticr.' eel' the Sag.
ipreme alud distriet.citerl apdt justices
of thpe . ,e r.i
eleA oit flue -elieinahle Lights.
toif&Aeit iddi.Relative tO the
1e.(Iit Ii r I Ele' I i ' 0104 oIl listie s of.*,I
,Inltlctrp l!'(L o 1J Ilil'eoi(:.
lid' I~cl'h ga~lt In ckkrr(c n --l r'laitcVc
It y I tl uesjllll.;It\ M iiiidiiy--- -A II(IS';iIsg
to I I(i' Ii h it i ir s+,l ,+1.11 fu~ it th 00 [Itiu
w {eIa litcn ii I sth ciut ll liil \I uillieei ;,
iii this 1111 tilt, @1 ý-. I ( 7: 8a1
lid r lI)4uclrt lt4 luui«" - ntlritl
t ill ' i Eii t- i II xt te (I 4 tii a l oi 714 41the
1 '0Lrc l ill'Ii ( iii ull u isjiiI lu ' U)I gt C'so
11'tIf '. I 's 1(4 nuol4'-Ii. $ 71414 )5 Iº
lIt I I iii l o i' rs'je ctiofl tot' n il-,
tiJsiiiM: hack I tti [ 1 47 1 f Nron it
lbiliiE iii ,il lili Ie) si.1t ' 1u I oie1
boi- lInc'iih t . lu a li I'.t ith-lie l l t1 t4.
If Ieu1,11' taxi -,4 (ill -fo. 44 i, c to
Kthe di~c hit sll~it ilf t.iI It i il( Cu~l~rhittl
t 4lllIV. 14 ile Ilslle~cs ll. lli
i)' I)ehgL sl i i',t4 th rs±,ssirelttight tof
PiovI tIrla lilt 1 ,ttii he qiulfroIlh
By llli I eg is i li t 4111( falt e t
B yll Is~tigf11itIe i i (40 ills- -He iati (4lto
I1% DeegIi ''' ti " l Ii e fua -oi fi l lathse tof
4ill' i~tiii. fi'ti uil-iiiiiiaid'E. r USlea i
$ v ihiilIi 7tue 1isitl r-Relativd to
I~~t I~~eleg:'uli I~er n - eai ve t
~taiueIithe hut~lilli11(o vi'ijig; prloviiiiid
hu1e h ich 'u his. 14 u1aiu i
ha,0fll h.I ) l .gteSt li t ~d$~
Roll Ijt'ui Iii stlitissijitlfixi ng th ilt taxi
al.u t43i ra71 Ii hatlllIi liii lie e((leettio b
131h1 iStats a o1nIss'i4 4ii il-Iieshit vol ting
iB'g$Il Dle'it tlliek -541115' e to)(N
th goe11lu fi pari~s1 s sig'- hesiVI thei
I Ies iiiis Liii t'Ii'd fi m sit t n h o' ath ofiu
th74e. [T~i e ji itt 1:15 iris iiie %Im le a Sl as i
Nl'011F ti1.-1slu hell aIs)f-1''1.
By I Jeli ' Ic 1 ROuMa --elt i to
tJu~il ir1 i 1 i lmew 1r ill, dli 5411111in WO
By Jelsti'e lthe L;51 ltticgAl. i1tiidao Ii
ft' I (llS Eli i tlot StlisP j .1 .' o )1 (as li
ResaIi'elto'a Sl"4Vssit--u ltheot i 'to
the esismlile zat tieu out Ii 1 X l i'ih (11the
the.1 l ull iisi lit+isl' s S h Il. S au~(
IiiT f ODUCiD, 18X65. 1
STO'RP!IJ LIVER
Sthe frut! if ni Ietm g
a!, 13 .111,.;" \t:i j. 1 a "
DYSPEPSIA, SJI ; '? IEA tE, (COSTIVENEVS,
DYSE?.TElIY, RLI3ia K.f;, AL /:G ) I LVER,i
IA'J DICE, rILES, (I.;EUM"1A1LtM, } !JN[Y COM
PLAINT, LOLL;, ETC.
SY OPTAS iF
TOWP~) LUVER
Los:, fAp A ct.ite :·1 J '.~:ic,:.t, tao bow 1I
are costivo, b :t 9 it:t.; a iw termtn' wtith
ltoo:4iflavI4, relu ii Ita it i . OA a'acttlpaaui.e d
a itti aL)till saensatio alit 1 Ia': I It., k iart,Paia
to tt.e ra,tht. aide o aua aaaar tlt- alautiider
blatde, fal iiut'i.i altrt'a ttI a n., 'a illa it daittm
cliiiaat.oln to o':ottio: i a:o I's' ly riniatl, I api
tablity of tniiapu [Ir :v. iriva, 1.ossoI
tiuleol y,withi atenli:i:, ai h;iviungti. 'kcted
omn dluty, Gcaa..r it w4aatrinaa i; I)Daavine. ,
Flutt.eraut at the I'..rtt. Xut.+ Luloute tht.
tytge, Yullow t.iill, Iieadhu:lhe Kelte.'aly y
over the right eye, Hý +tha s tnesu at nug'
with fitful dro~aai, lughly colored Urine. 4
` THESE WARNINiGS ARE UN4HEEDED.
SERIOUS DISEASES WILL SOON BE DLVELOPED
TUTT'S ¶Lr S
arpe a tpcaIly adapt ,_d to suLc
cases, a singlo (3o30 effectd
such a change of feeling as to
astonishi the ý;ufferar.
TUTT'S PILLS'
Sie e 1411111 II·dric float 4I.l4 ·t halint are
Sells'I Ia':, l.¶ 1 .; 111141 hatiig.lrinti
trlluth ' 5.44-4,l4,4a ha aimii t ia uS the. Inaui
Si~itht El i t IIllstI I hal the) heictk he 4111tblod
tr(· cc lili-Mot~colr It i uo; .,so ul lhurt impart
h1-11n,11 It's Si t it 1l11 L riu od ( iiarthin g 'a
Iht' hottvbt to fit t fiuturlH? ( totllurru
» 11h h fio tll (il can fuel wel~~c~l.
A. Noted Divine says:
fDr. TUTI''P: - Ihatr art': for t -n )e-'. r, tatte linen
a, fit:, .1 1., r t..,iy .t *i,4 'I.'lati t a ll att and h'ilct . I.at
Xp.rina your t'kii', ':aa r".ataaaaaa'.aled t." ate If usId
t:a.t- tt. Itw tat itt e. Ut IthP. i a1W it well Lttain.
jilta+ gat:o . taut I haira 'vain lo tnart! odaindalad Ikaha,
Tla.:y art' wart a t 6,"r 'tegallt ian
MaI:v. It. I.. lhI thI'S' B', L tt;trille, Ky
TUTT9S PILLS,
Thear firat efrect i+ to iatrr u I h Appetite,
1111( auleathe I lo tuy to 'fake urn FleaS, ItatasSthe
M'Stleif isaouri'i'wu, Isa II)' tteir TonIc Ac.
tioh on the 1a )igtc·tlive orgttns, Ieilular
tiouuls are jacatt'aatld.
DR, J. F. HAYWOODO
OF WE\E4 YORK, SAYS:
"Few dita' R^exi tirt atet nnbe r1elieet y re,
ftnnnt taact I it r a .t rte of 111 1 'al:5ica, r.a . f I
thiat tarl, ata' tat h''atc.a, it". it": he·.. inrettae. t:: t
haas ias l.p:apty fitt i~atnts ICv I"1"i I'li~li:
SOLD EVERYWHERE, PRICE 25 CN'TS.
Oil1er uJi ifllurasy talle', :., lu York.
C.1`Dr. T1'"i'T Si ANU'Al. 't ':hnt;+l" la.ftat.
11n: d ion fund Uir111 LL tect·~ii:\; " N%; i.," 1· I.:,i.tlii l; t.
ants! iota aIti; UiI II '
Jaaanaataa. H IR
TUTT'S WI( ai9
aRAY It tilt o tSWk . la ' ..:'I a:' trL
1!Iatin RaaurtIt V ar.:.t I, t.. 1.,:t aca'Kit, '' "I tt
ash~rat te 1 s at...iat iv tr. '..ti. arla,;i, It'cga.
Office, 35 Murray St., New Vcr?'.
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS;
(btsstallle'w Sah.c
Sclunidt & tiglitr vs. ('ollnaan Levi,
.ls ice 4 ourt Wa1i1d I 1'.utishI of 1auteoi
I iiilai.-Ni,. 260O.
I IRU of a wr1it· o1' IFietri I";lc'ias
is~iie,1 is thI lieov ulito t 441 flhl
nliiumbered itiiit ant] to nme dlteeted I have
secizedl anual wvill oflei hir Mlei iii ttio store
ltelt.y occupiedi lIv tlhiit s' i~le nt Levi,
on PImroI. `t. City ol Na;tchitovuw8, oln
auturdray, Ithe .li day af May, 1879,
:it II n. m. the colnteltsi o1,111 4 nritm of
w;a :., I)rv 6410 I1, (Groeeti4i s &C.
TI'ermiis of Sird
CAsi --Su b.je ct to oppraisement.J
MiJ. 1. K2INa,
May 17 2t. Cona~table mVard L,
('onstalle's ".;:
.i:Mlll ll tc(:ook, vS. Ilie rly RAJ,' "
.',us ;.' ( Kurt, Ward I, Patripl of N
il ocmlhe --No 24,0.
) t V'ilC'TTI fd'a writ of' Fi. P1a
) siind I III I abi v-e, entilleld uant
hred :suit li to use directed, I| {
aii.,I :1:.I .. ill Iodi:r for Hale to the li
a0ul ha'g;w.n", I hnd .r at the d(Ior of IN
t1lllxh I 11,1 inl lil' t :it lf Niatktlitell I
,·,,,'1 ,,,i the is th dsl qf .June, IS
h.I 00 eenOf I,.a le.gl irs of Sale th
lo» i des ,.1ri ijd proqLrty, to-wit
.\ crtl:ai lht of Ugruolud with the0 bS"
Iy. andl ijiroveucsts tbereor ims
1 o  N a rf cSciloihes il the rear f t.k
ils .uillidllly Iuloaoliging tti Anltolb i
lLutlhui and Pierre llaviolette, :f. i*.
satl lot i.i sitatu)il between the
Ihlulitiui:Ji lots alli the baLsou, that r'
at the foot of the lull :yquliried hlt
luaby frou dnllucecesioel of S. A Dr~o, '
j.ilieuted to Heunry Rally, at scouungý
;ale ofl Maid Diroz. ,
Terms of' ,Sale:
Cash, subject to appraiseluent.
JAS. T. KING,
May 3-tds. Constable Ward 1,
Sherill" Sale.
Louis Dupleix, Administrator, vs. 1u
i). LePaulmier.
Parish Court-No. 1274.
) Y VIRTUE of a writ off. F.
i-A sed in the above entitled and s.
hleredl suit antd to Ime directed, I .h
seized and will ofier for sale tothel
aull highest bidder at the door u':.
tolurtlhluse, in the city and parish ,
Natchitoehles, o011.
Saturdliy, the 7th day of June, II "
.el weern the legal hours of sale, a:
:lili tract of l;lanl, with the inmprovesn,
l hereon, situated in the Parish of Na...
itloches. coltaiuing i seventy-eight 114
arl.les, being the anctle land acquild (e
Mlls. Viirgiia Bi.ssier at the serogsl"
t.ll'cts of Nizihla St. Amans, muInlade e
i;lh day of lUcemwler, 1871, and dueerll
In said plroes verbal of sale as lot it.
e:ntainiug forly-two (42) acres and 4!
No 2 colnta:iniing thirty-six 36-100 N -Olf
:icilir.ld ly Lonis D. LePaulmier fus
,IMs. Virginia lBossier by act of sale pih
d."i on 27th da;y of Feb. 1875.
Terms of Sale :
uat'lh .hltjecjlo appraisdement.
UU 1.. A. DEBILIEUI
May 3-tes. Sd I
SherilPs Sale.
Aol're Vascoce vs. D. I., Gilles.
Ilist ric (oul'rt, I';rish of NatchitulA
No. '824-. " "1;
1)V virtue ofa writ ofl Fi. Fa., issUdtW
) thi :a"hsvo entitled anlI noIiwa0i
blait a;l1i 1 n e direct.ed, I have ss~id
and k\ iil utles l'r f sale to the hlat s
lighe4,t Idder at tlie door of the
House iii the cily and parishI of NXatchi.
cuies, oil
Satutrday the 7th day of June,
Iet ween the legal holus of iltsa, thou
:liig describid properly, to-wit::
'Th pllltation whereoni Victorr ,
belwnutse firlllerly resided, sltuasll
the l'.oais of N:atchlboches, ou the i
salet ,1' Iltayou liourtlewa, wiith all t
bI,11 ilngs :a1d ilnlrouvelnientst tl1se
.olutaig 1l10 :ateresit, more or lss, h 
thatl portlion of lhe west half of lte
%'i ql:rter of sectilon No. 7. wltl
ason ltllºreau, containing 46
11111 or hut. b ;ee_
Also :inuher tr:atl of land, bei I
east half .f rtllh east quarter ot
l ion No. t, townsahip 10, range t..
tl:initiI:g 0 (i1-100 acl't. being tlaeae
p'rplty aqculired liy I) L. Uilhes
Acl otf ihate 27th October, 1Ii7, bi
A. Bailow, D'y. Recorder of snaid ii
TermscB of 8rde :
Cash, sulijectt to apprtaisecenst.
L. A. D:EBLIEIUI
Alsril 2i. Nherit
Secesslion Sale.
Suceeusioin q' l'itor Itahcdl, deet'
j Y V 'II rTI lB of an olrder of the
) il' 'ioic't o l'rl'o.bates in llald fort
l'ariih of N:atchiht ws, I will sell aT
;late iisidlceof miVeior lachald
lilrow tie tillw of Clotierville or
l1f Ihank of Cne riiver escendiry
taiuiig onie biilred and eolevel ai
Isisr oiii Mr.i N-irplain R ach.al,anh
lIh a tr it, ol lanl belonging to saui
icessiill of V. HItachal, in the rear by
md 4sci-r (hltloiin anl oni thme freot
('anlsriver, together with all tire
iigu mulssi iimiprlovesenits lhern.
I. A Ircet of lald situnatal on the
,hank of Cone river descenadinlg,
ijug one hundred antd eighty
moluse o les, b lounded abovenb thi
iof lfant Isbove deseriedl, let
a tract of llanld also belongling to
esccssitnoU, i hl the rear b Li~ t
fr aii.l on fronat by Cane the r,
wit,:all tohe builtings and impro
3. A tract of lantd i itunate on tl _
hI:ank of Cauie river descending,(l
ig one hundred antl eight and
uiIei)tt, boiunded above by trat _
Ist alboe tlescribeld, below by
Oscar Chopin, in the rear byi Lit
alid otn fronit by Cane river; with ,
lihe builldings and iprovesienue
4. A tlraet of land situated
miles lalow tlhe town of Clenti
tine left iank of Cane river d
iconetaininleg three huuidred and
llthree arpents, bonll ded above byt
iof Jacql es Lacour, below by I
nerly belonging to L. B. Radial,
rOalr by oittl te river and ufront
river, with all the brildings aad
vements therot. ,
4. A tract of land on the l eft
Olt ivert descending, ectall
lcr ens, more or lens, blouvndel a
lands of Mr. Beni. Netoyer, boilS
lands of Auguste N. etoyI
Iy puablic landse and on f at
ricr with t he buildings and t
therelon. , I
6. A tract situated on the left
Little river descending, con
arlents, bounded rabove bo
lihne oiAgudletoe, below ,1
Catherine Norris, in near by
and on front bIy Little liwer.
7. Acn undivided one-half of a
P land situntedl on tie left bankl
river contaicing one Ihtldred I
* two andt oe half acres, beat
by Ilaitnud of C. lklutratcdt irsi
lntndls IT. J.. Cocklleld, Ian rarj
of C. lIb-t rItnd jr., andl ocl fiuml
Also a stocl k of mchrclanditut
mullll-s, cattle, lsheep, hlrua,
firiitlire, and olher enovaihlee.
, lTerms of Sole : L
S The landi to be sold ou r
! twelve\ tnonths fronm day of sale.
, 'r.s to give tIheir bonds paya l t
•IdlhinistratLor with approved
with v-endor'st privihmge and
reta:linedh, which Ics Iste tO
force and eltticts of I welve U [
l taken in sals tunder writ ofi i .
lste mno\'abhle on all sums np.i#
lars CASU. Hlo, Iov ~ tat ealiaHIIIt l
to give theiir lottn sslisfsc
lhyabile to the a:sdsinistrat4Dr
months ftrom day of sale.
J. w.0oc.
May 10-tds, Adial