LEESVILLE, VERNON PARISH.
Sept 17th, 1878. S
Editor Vindicator: To t
I send you herewith a list of the
criminal cases disposed of at our last
term of the District Cturt which was O
adjourned last night after being in
session for seven days.
Hons. E. F. Presley and J. Fisher h
Smith of Many, were present also ~
Col. R. A. Hunter of Alexandria put
in an appearance, he Smith and Pres. here
ley were associated in the defence of of tl
Jacob and D)avid Gunter hlo were stitc
indicted at our last term of court for thin
the murder of one ('alvice Bass,
tried at said term of Cor I an1l found hou
guilty and sentencid to Ihe lpeniten sees
tiary from which sentence tlhey taken to b
an appeal to the supremle court and
the case was remanded for trial. On nex
motion of the district atitarney the to t
lase was continued and Col. R. A. new
Hunter and E. F. Presley not having in a
any other business, left for their Saic
homes. The old Col. is in very bad
liea!th and Brother 'l i.sl.e I don't acts
iniiagine can ear to be long absent sion
fromn hiscditolioal chair. I had also and
the lehasTre of nmcltting alli forming s0
ithe acqtlaiit l alce of Lew'i.s I. Loggiiis
Esq., ot Jasper, Texas, who bids fair whi
to make a bright start in the constel- forn
lation of lawyers. lie was a volun
teer in the defence of Richard Neal- sui
amn charged with the murder of one oral
Robt. Knight in our Parish in the of
year 1877. In his address to the jury mat
he acquitted himself nobly and not vote
only making acquaintances here he
made many warm friends. Sep,
J. Fisher, Smith was as you will see at s;
engaged in every case for t al
saim ,
was only a small fine. Our worthy
district attorney was present and n tuti
ways ready to perform his dutty to
the letter of the law for whihli he has
our kindest feelings and approbation.
His Honor W. F. Blackman presi- CO
ded with his usual dignity, his bear
ing and manner was sufficient to sa
tisfy any one that the law would be
laid down honestly, impartially and
correctly and that his ruling would esta
he correct in every particular. In fact
we had a nice time at our court ; all a
went on smoothly there being very or di
little of the overjoyful on the ground thot
and no hard words were even ex- at I
changed. tick
Mr. Editor please allow me in con Rou
clusion to say that while New Or
leans boasts of Castelanos as a crim h
nal lawyer, that we, the rosin healed Ort
boys, fines three cheers for our Fisher
Smitlh. Respectfully, thir
RATTLER.
CRIMINAL CASES I)ISPOSED OF AT VERNiON
DISTRICTr COURT.
The State vs. Jeptha Beason ; charged
malicious mischief. For the State E. G. Ii
Hunter, dist. attorney. Attorneys forde- first
fence J. F. Smith, Esq.-Vendict not Nos
guilty. elea
The State vs. Zediah Fristar ; charge Th(
larceny. For the State E. G. Hunter, the
district attorney. Attorney for defence biet
J. F. Smith, Esq.-Verdict not guilty.
The State vs. L. J. Sandle; charge car
rying concealed weapons. For State E. app
G. lHunter, district attorney. For defence sha
J F. Smith, Esq.-vordict not guilty
The State vs A. C. Hunt and JI. 11.
Self; charge assault with a dangerous
weapon with intent to kill. For the
State E. G. Hunter District attorney.
For defence J. F. Smith, Eeq,-Verdict sell
guilty sentenced to pay a fine of thirty and
dollars and costs of prosecution. tha
The State vs. Richard. Nealam ; charge ant
murdler. For the State E G. Hunter5 cen
district attorney. For defcnce J. F.
Smith and Lewis L. Loggiils, Esq.--Ver Tea
dict not guilty. eta
The Acklen Scandal. tha
New Orleans, Septen;ber 29.-Tho rey
death of Harry L. Smith last evening red
brought the Hon. J. H. Acklen again noi
into unpleasant prominence. About tht
three years ago a scandal was rife to tio
the Bayou Teche in which Acklen ret
and a young woman connected with ati
the Palfrey family, one of thie oldest int
in the State; were implicated. It was of
publicly stated that Acklen seduced an
and then married her to his hostler tic
to cover up the crime. It is certain all
that thie hostler married her, broughlit to
her to this city and then deserted Ga
her. Not long after a child was born, to
Tihe affair was generally discussed ti
and Acklen severely censured. He, au
however, produced certain affidavits pU
from the girl and her mother setting de
forth that the alleged ontrage was as hi
fabrication. The matter was then fii
dropped. About thlree months ago inl
Acklen and Smith had snme triable
about a publication beating upun the
Washington Bcandal. Shortly afrer
ward -math lheard of tlhe prlesence in bI
town of the girl above alluded to tanl d,
sought her out. She was in an imi- ac
loverished condition antd -mith If. ,
feted her shelter in his house. Short- di
ly afte sihe contracted fever and died. i
Before she died, howevet, according th
to Smith's statement, site gave him ant
affidavit duly sworo to before a Jus r
tice of the Peace, to tihe effect that at
Acklen had drugged her with wine n,
and thlen seduced her.
Last Sunday evening Smith told 'j
the Times correspondeat, in the pres- e,
ence of witnesses, that he not onlyI b
had that affidarvit but others, clearly ei
proving Acklen's guilt. These state- A
ments he said he would produce be
lri the Demota~tic tate"'ptral
- iCmmlttee bamt ma-u a..mltlm 
othe ticket. On Tuesday Smith
well the fever, but was doing
time am ay morning. At that
Ce ,ral Comi the Democratic
bearing the aflida upon him,
had obtained for.htidef. t Acklen
ed Smith for the proofs of his ask. I
Smith becamsgrstljzcited, rel e.
ed and died wilthld te W hours. Be
fore his death, hower, a Justice of
the Peace, at his own request, it is
said, put all his effects under seal,
in which condition they will remain
until examined by the administrator,.
Acklen avert that the affair was
the attempt of blackmail. Ther has
been considerable excitement in the
city over the affair and the examina
tion of Smith's efects is waited for
with intenseinterest. Smith claimed
that the affidavits in Acklen's pos
session were partly I forgeries and
partly obtained by hush money. The
affair is decidedly the sensation of
the city at present. An attempt was
made last night to get the child of
the dead girl away from her colored
nurse at Smith's house, but it was
frustrated.
Moore county, Nbrth Carolina, has
twenty-eight gold mines, six silver mines,
eight copper minee, and ten iron mines.
*. . The Rev. PrlsImage says: "Th1r
U4rdtbC~11~htadf
rdt >1
-I
SOFFICIAL.
To the Qualified Electors of the State L G,
he of Louisiana.
1st -lt
as OFFICE OF SECRETARY OF STATE, it
in STATE OF LOUISIANA,t w]
New Orleans, July 17, 1878. th
or In pursuance of article 147 of the con- Iau
'estriution of this State, publication is s"
s. hereby given to the voters of this State th
of of the proposed amendments to the con- i
're stitution of this State, agreed to by two- bh
for thirds of the members elected to each e"
88, th
id house of thl- General Assembly. at its th
n session of 1878, and which are required in
en to be published, three months before the h,
nd next general election for Representatives ta
he to the General Assembly, in at least one bE
A. newspaper in every parish of this State, h(
11 in which a newspaper shall be published. ni
Said am,,ndments appear more fully in
n't acts Nos. 73 and 74 of the regular ses m
'nt sion of the General Assembly, 1878, G
Iso and in No. 12 of the extra ses- pt
°g sion of the General Assembly of 1878, in
sir which are oflic illy published for the in- I,
el- formation oftt:e voters, and which will be gi
- submitted to the people at the next gen- st
e oral election, to be held on the fifth day it
ioe of November (next) 1878, in such a p
iry manner and ,frmn that the people miay to
le vote for or against each amendme t, th
separately, and if a mia (, = '
we a aid eletie ýaapprove and ratify rat
1- a or cither of said amendlments, the ti
lt same shall 1 econme a part of the consti- wl
by hi
,j tutiou.
SWILL. A. STRONG, ap
as Secretary of State. pr
In. -ac
.i O CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENTS. pr
ACT NO 73, IR. S. OF 1878.
be NUMBER ONE.
nd That the seat of government shall be
tIestablished at the city of Baton Rage or
til at the city of New Orleans, as the ma th
ti jority of the voters of the State may Iti
r determine at the next ensuing election ;
those voting to locate the State capital
)1- at Baton Rouge shall indorse 'on their
tickets, "For State Capitol, Baton a
Rouge ;" those voting to locate the Ju
r capitol at New Orleans shall indorse on co
ed their tickets, "For State Capitol, New l
Orleans." P
ier (Strike out ar'icle one hundred and clI
thirty-one.) di
ACT NO. 74, R. S. OF 1878. hý
NUMBER TWO.
-ed am
G. Representatives shall be chosen on the e
de- first Tuesday after the first Monday in th
not Novembr, every two years, and the of
election shall be completed in one day. tl
rge The General Assembly shall meet on t1
ter' the first Monday in January, 1579, and hi
hc blennally thereafter, on the first Monday ti
ar- in January, unless a different O'ay be T
E. appointed by law, and their se.osns e
ce shall be held at the seat of governumnt it
(Strike out article seventeeu.) r
lNUMBER THREE.
,h After the year 1878 the General As- s'
ist sembly shall not have power to levy in c'
rty and one year for all State purposes more b
than one per centum taxation, nor shall c
rge any collection of more than one per g
er centum taxation be made in any one a
T- year, on the actual cash value of all t
real and personal property liable to tax- *
ation, except in case of a foreign inva- C
sion or a domestic insurrection, and in
that event any additional taxation shall e
only be for the immediate purpose of e
rho repelling invasion or suppressing insur- a
ng redtion. The city of New Orleans shall
ain not levy or collect in any one year more
out than one and one-half per centumn taxa
e to tion on the actual cash value of all the (
den real and personal property liable to tax- t
ith ation within its limits. No parish or
met municipal corporation, except the city
was of New Orleans, shall levy or collect in
ce any year more than one per cejntum tax
tler tion upon the actual cash value of
tan all the real and personal property liable
ght to taxation within its limits. The
ted General Assembly shall not have power
rn. to issue any bond or pledge the faith of
Med -the Stat,' for any purpse, nor shall it
He, authorize any parish or municipal cur
VIII poration to issue any bInd or create any
tiig debt; provided, that this shall not pro
'a a hibit the issue of new bouds in exchange
en for old bonds, where the debt or rate of
ago interest is nt increased.
Sthe rNUMBER FOUR.
rer The members of the General Assem
' in bly shall be paid a salary o, five bhun
dant ded dtdlars t$500) per session, and
l- actual trav'elig expenses by the near
Seat t,ractiealle rute, u ,t to, exceed fifty
irt- dollars ($50) for any one memnber; pro
i rd. vided, that if two sessions are held in
liiiR the same year they shall receive for the
n ne second session in that year a salary ,f
Jus only two hundred and tiftydollars ($250)
that and actual travelling expenses by the
ine nearest prasticable route, nt to exceed
tifty dollars ($50) fir any one nmember.
told 'Ihe regular bienuial session shall not
ire- exceed ninety days in duration, unless
oly by vote of two-thirds of the members
arly elected to each house of the General
ate- Assembly.
be (Strike out article thirty-nine.)
tral
h (RYV tIFP IVE.
doing The General Assembly s1 ,ot pasea
t that any local or special law changing the
rati venue in criminal cases, changing the
hio, manner of persons legitimating children,
klet vacating roads, streets, or alleys, re
ask mitting fines, penalties, and forfeitures,
or refunding moneys legally paid into
Sthe treasury; affecting the estates of
tic of , or persons under disability, ex
it rtert from taxation, crest
r s eia anbo · opoly, legalizing the un
eail aor agent of aid acts of any ofice
trat or municipality , or of any parish
o. or mumeipality; any extra
r was compensation to any p cer agent
r has or contractor, after the ser en
n the rendered or contracted for; bee
mina- any parish seat, or creating new pa
d for es, except by the assent of the majority
aimed of the qualified electors of the parish,
Spon- or parish's, to be affected; in all othe.
and cases, where a general law can be madE
The applicable, no local or special law shall
on of be passed.
pt was
bild of NUMBER SIX.
olored The Governor shall receive a salarm
it was of seven thousand dollars per annum
payable quarterly on his own warrant.
(Strike out article fifty-aix.)
is, has NUMBER SEVEN.
ines. The Lieutenant Governor shall re
ceive a salary which shall be doubli
"hr that of a member of the General As
S (Strike out article ffty-seven.)
NUMBER EIGII'T. 77
Every bill which shall hat e
t I ,,th hlre.i s shall hle presrted i thii
Goverut r; if lhe appr-\ , it, ih' h , hal' ihI
.-igu it; if he does nit, he hball 1I ntiij 11
t it, with ii ,,objections, to, the h,,u;, in
which it origina,'ed, which shall enter au
the objectis,, at large upon its jovru:tI, th
- and pruoceed to recrnsider it. If, after ct
isuch reciusideration, two-thirds ,f all .i'
the memltbers plesent ill that hou-e shall tlI
te agree to pass the hill, it shall he sent, to
w- ith the objections, to the other husi,, re'
o- by which it shall likewise Ie rie- t
ch considered, and if appiu,,ed Iby twi, or
thirds if the nelietiers present in to
its that hlouise, it shall lie a law. But s
ed iu such cases the vote ,f hloit lr
he houses shall be determined by yeas Cel
and nays, and the names of Inert,
hers voting for or agaiust the bill shall N
ne be entered upon the journal (if each re
1e, house respectively. If any bill shall in
d. not be returned by the Governor within as
in five days after it shall have been pre ici
sented to him, it shall be a law, in like Jil
manuer as if lie had signed it, unless the lII
'S, Geeral Assembly, b,y adjourument,
'. prevent its re'turn; in n hicih case, with,
in thirty days, the Governor shall file
same, with his objections thereto, in the in
n- theice of the Secretary ,of State, and li
be give public notice thereof; otherwise it es
shall become a law, as if lie had signed of
it. The secretary of State shall com- Gi
ay municate said ,lbjections and bill so degs ,
1a posited to the house in which it o igiua.. 3
av teld n the first day of the meeting of
the next General Assembly, who shall
act upon the sanme as abovre provided.
•he Governor shall have power to v, to
f one ,,;'re items iin any bill approprliaS ti
t( , ,i di stinct itemis, li
hill, and the part or parts ot i e btill
approved shall become law, and the wl
item or items of appropriations disap- ry
proved shitll be void, unless repassed for
according to the rules and limitations (li
Sprescribed for the passage of other bills an
over the Governor's veto. cri
(Strike out article sixtysix.) Pe
be NUMBER NINE. t
ei
or No ottficer whose salary is tixed by IlI
a the constitution, shall be allowed any ea
fi tees or perin isites of otiet'. e
NUMBER TEN. dl
al i
Ar The judicial power shall be vested in a
a supreme court, district courts, and in
he justices of the peace. The district
on courts shall have original jurisdiction in ft
all civil cases where tile amount in dis, to
pute exceeds one hundred dollars, ex, thi
nd cltsive of interest. In criminal cases, w
and ill all prolbate matters, their juris- iIt
diction shall be unlimlited. They shall s"
have appellate jurisdiction, in civil suits t
from justices if the pteace, when thle l
amount in dispute exceieds ten dollars. of
he exclusive of interest. The justices of It
in the peace shall lie elected by the electors ti
he of each parish in the manner and with
Iy. the qualifications to be determined by tt
on the Genoral Assembly. They shall s1
nd hold oflice for the term of two years, and o
ay their compensation shall be fixed by law.
be Their jurisdiction in civil cases shall not
ns exceed one hundred dollars, exclusive of i
ut interest, subject to an appeal to the dis, p
trict court in all cases when the amount
in dispute shall exceed ten dollars, ex
clusive of interest. They shall have
s. such criminal jurisdiction as shall be ti
in conferred by law. The General Assemn- ti
ore bly shall have power to vest in the
all clerks of the district courts the right to
per grant such orders and do such acts s ,
ne may be deemed necessary for the fur. ,
all therance of thie adrniuistration of jus Ii
,x tice. In all cases the power thus grant.
va- ed shall be spee:fied and determined.
I in [Strike out articles seve:ty-three,
rail eighty-five, erghtyrsix, eighty.seven, S
of eighty-eight, eighlitynine, uinetyone t
ur- and one huudred and thirtythree.] r
iall
ore NUMBER ELEVEN.
za- The Chief Justice of the Supreme
the Court shall receive a salary of seven
ax- thousand dollars per annul, and the t
or Assiciato Justices of the Supreme Court t
city shall each receive a salary of six thou- I
t in sand five hundred dollars per annunm,
ax- payable quarterly on their own war
of rant.
ble NUMBER TWELVE.
[he
wer The Gn.rral A searbly shall divide the
h if State itorjidi,.ial distrints, which shall
Lr it rerain uchaltged fotr four years, and
for each district one judge, learined in i
Cor the law, shall be elected by a plurality
any of qualified electors thereof. 'or each
pro district there shlall be one district court,
nge except iim tile parish of Orleans, in.which
e of the General Assembly may establish a
many district courts as the public initer
eat nray require, rlot to exceed the nuria
ber niow anl burized by xis-itiig laws, ex
cept by a t wio-tlhirds vote ol all tlii
cm uteiihers elec:ted to both birauclhrs of tih
i (Genieral Aisemiiily. Uitil otherwise proi.
aid videdl by law, the district courts tno
ear existing in the parish of Orleans shrill
ifty have the juriidiction at present confer
r- red by laa ; no redistrictiung or chanrge
i in shall be made so as to take etfict during
the the incumbency of anry judge. The
number of districts in the State shall not
'Y " be less thitan thirty nor nlore than torti
f ive. The General Asselnhbl.y shall piro
the vidle by law for at Iaist four terms anu
ceed nually of the district court in every piar
her. ish. Thie General Assembly shall have
nut power to create irciit coutlr. te Co" -
scourt of thej en gT of tire district courts
eral within s circut. To dlirect the place
opc mneeting of said circuit courts
~o Pcoh ttld, aund to vest said circuit
ot'a with appellate jurisdiction from
OnU district courts within the circuit
where the amount involved exceeds one
pass hundred dollars ($100) exclusive of in
g h terest, and does not exceed five hundred
5 the dollars ($500) exclusive of interest. The
Idren General Assembly shall have power, by
a two-thirds vote of all tire meonvers
, re- elected to both houses, to restrict thie
tures, appellate jurisediction of the Srpreme
into tourt to causes where the amount involv
;es of ed exceeds one thousand dollars ($1000)
r, ex- exclusive of interest; and in case of
irest such restriction, the circuit courts so to
e un- be created shall have appellate jurisdic
fier lion of the elass of cases thus excluded
arish from the appellate jurisdiction of the
tra Supreme Court. The clerks of the dis
trict courts shall be elected by the quali
lget, fed voters of their respective parishes,
been and shall hold their office for four years.
[Strike out article eighty-three.]
ajority NUMBER THIRTEEN
arish, ita f the d'strict judges shall re
Sother ceive ra r, to be fixed by law, which,
made except in mariih of Orleans, shall not
r shall be less than tw -onsand dollar, nor
umore than three d dollars per an
num, payable quarterly m his own war
rant, and which shball not lieressed nor
diminished during his term ofo . He
salary must be a citizen of the United
naum, over the age of twenty-five years, anuc
rant. have resided in the State and practice,
law therein for the space of two year
next preceeding his election. The judger
of the district courts shall hold their of
fice for the term of four years. In thi
all re- parish of Orlean the annual salary o
double the district judge shall not exceed five
l As. thousana dollars, to be paid ars abovi
providea.
I{Strike oat art.ole ealhty-fouE..
S IJ n I.  of th ' lli , U, ,i"1' I; ,tl, 'r :Wli t,r
I i toly, iti,.,itu 'l, of, 19i;. t l r,' s ll he
bl t, d, t1 t he qt1u!Hi,'d voters of each
p is, a a state's attornl'ey thelre'Lfor, who
u hi l Ibw a cillzen of the United States,
ax1l wl,, shall Ihav'e heen a resident of
I, the Statl, and a practicing and duly li
tr cinsed aittorey at law, for at least two
e ars. lie shall receive a salary fromi
the Statl, If not less than three 1nor miore
than sevelen huiidred dollars pe'r alnnuiiiii.
Stoli.e lprovided yI law i141111 the ibasis of1
repreiisentation in the Host' o'f Reliptyi
- tatliVe, t is l ltparable ti:ialrterly on his
t, t witVI ;' iilla . NIt ' shail ibe ,r-olici' o It
n tor elly 'of fhce :lri'shll, andl ire, el. t t, nn h
II N la i tLrlln t lihe St . t': attnli. y ) hall
II parc ( hial iti oi tth saesr, nabove prt i ctel.e -
in han ii red dotlll's li l1 erl li ll . lie shall,
Iinoreover, receive such fees of otlice as
may el at lowed by h w. In the cityl of
1 New Orleslis the Staite's attorney shall
hl receive such compensation from the city,
l1 in addition to the salary above provided.
in as may Ili- established by law. lie shall
9 be elect-ld at the saute time with the
e judges of the district coulrts, and shall
1i(Ihol his ofhice fort tilhe ter of four yelarsl.
I, NISMBEIR I'IFTEEN.
It clie')ri olseWI wIher the jlleude mi:l lie
-'e('1le4d, an4 when lihe is not pei'rsonally
e niter'stes i thle a;itterls in conltestation,
d lie shall select a lawyer, having the linec
it essary qiuallCfitil,,ns rellnirel tirnt ajllge
d of his court, to try such cases; and tc l h
G- General A*we'lnillhy shall 1prlovide biy law
for the trial of those cases in which the
judge may be personally interested, (or
f hen he may be absent or ietuses to act.
if (Strike oult article ninety.)
N' llMBIE, SIX FEIEN.
to [In order to provide for the establish
Slienti of the judicial systeni c're:atedI, by
ithe al'oe 'ntenmllhlents, lid to prevent
, the evil ls o 'f a 1 tlrt''l'e' ilil'l. it , iM i y "
II , l. ,,0l,1, 44 I,, e1i,,sliili
First-'Tllhat the (General Assemblhy,
e ich ieets the tirst Monday in Janua
ry, 1879, shall, in accordance with the
d foregoing amendments, immniediately re
is district tile. State, and provide for the
Is authority of clerks, ald the election and
criminal jurisdiction of justices of the
peace.
S(co44nd-That as sootl as the Legisla
tu'e shall have actedtl as aflresaid, the
Governlor shall by 1 procl:mnlation (call an
,y elect ion for just ices of tle Ipeace' for
y each plarish. exten't ll, parish 4of Or
lealns, anii itor district judlges, ill each
district created lby the redlistricting,
where one or more p :irishes have tbeen
n added, or taken from the existing judi
cial district, and for State attorneys, as
above provided, excelit in the larish of
Orleans, where, the district attorney
it for the parish shall be State at
s tor'ney. This election shall be held oin
tlthe samle day' throughout the State,
, which day sihall not lie less than sixty
Snor limore thanlii ninety days after the pais
1l sge of saidl nact. The tIerms of the ol
ts icrs electell at sa:id election sihaill e'x
pire at the geineral election of l818, t:11lt
l4'the limitation on the (hallg' of district:',
s. ottener thaln once ev'ery four years, shall
of not be considered as having ettlect before
rs the general election of 1880.
th Third-That the judicial system, as es
by tablished by the constitution of 1868,
l11 shall remain in force until the expiration
ad of the thirtieth day after said election,
,exchlding from the computation the
day of the election.
t olurthlI-The ad4opt ion of' these aiiiend
of ments shall not vacate the ottices of the
i' prcsent clerks of courts in each parish.
t NUMBER SEVENTEEN.
ye Article one hundred and thirty-two of
be the constitution of 1868 shall be abroga
n, ted.
le NUMBER EIGHTEEN.
The Snperintendent of Public Educa
tion shall receive a salary of thirty five
r hundred dollars, payable quarterly on
1 his own warrant.
NUMBER NINETEEN.
e, No license tax shaIIll e imposed by tilhe
n, State, or au1y parish oil iunicilal alithoii
ntc tS, on ilny iiechauical trade, nmanunflactlo
ry or factory, excelit such as lmay r4'ql(ire
police regulations, in towns alnd cities.
NUMBER TWENTY.
me The Legislature is authorized to ex
e empt froIn State, munlicipal or parish
he taxation household goods, such as furui
urt ture, wearing apparel, tools of trade or
pus profession and famlily portraits, not ex
n, ceeding in aggregate vahle the suni of
r tive hlundred tillars..
ACT NO. 12, EXTRA SESSION (OF 1878.
NUMBER T'ENTY'I'-ONE.
the Stlrikl' out 1ll' first 1411rt p:rl't of article
all 1412 of the c4OiisitiitiOl of 1868, which
md reads: "A university shall be estallished
i and1 uiaintaiied inll the city of New Or
ity leans It shall be composed of a law, a
ach Ilmedlical and a collegiate Ilepartmenlt,
art, ci h with appropriate faculties. The
ich General Assembly shall provide by law
Sa lor its orgallizalion1 antil miiltlthiuaIlce ;"
tel'- ( insert: "The uniiversity shall be
nlii- m a hiill'4. It shall lie colpi sei of a
Cx' law, iI uiie, li;il a: lit in hiadmleilical de.
i8 *i'tleniit, aiuld -1ll' other leliartie'its as
t ih iia lie stlitlish d tiy li\\, each u ithi
o l lalrlollriate tleulitis; i'proi'ided, that Ih
hi law st4 imedical eiatheliltuiils, already or
all ianizel shill eotutllil' iii the city it
er New Orlheans·,alit the acecalleiicl alnd
ig. ther ilealrll'tliellns 1n13 be located else
'iu where in the State."
rh Il.August 3--tii,.
D ruggist
APDTHEC' &, DRUGGIST.
-D':v.ER IN
CHEMICALS,
PERFUMERY,
Fancy Articles &c.,
FRONT STREET,
Natchitocbes, La.
) [? Perscriptions carefully prepared
ºf at all hours.
TERMS MODERATE.
i ?eb. 2:l.-lyv.
Butcher.
ISAAC KAHIIN,
VBU TC HELR.
[] AS a first-class Stall in the Natchi
1' | toches Market House, where he has
r for sale during Market hours, fresh jocy
- BhEF,
ºr VEAL,
[e
a, MUTTON,
-, PORK,
rn F1 aud SMOKED SAUSSAGE,
es
f. SMI)OKED BEEF, &c.
lie And on Wednt ys and Fridays, fresh
of FISH of all kintg TROUT, WHITE
ve PERCH, BASS, &c. after market hours,
ve call at Abram Kahns, Corner 2d and St
Denis Str's., and have your orders filled,
Feb. 23.-ly.
Carpenters.
M1. S. CUITES
PRACTICAL MACHINIST
- AND
ENGINEER,
ARCH:TLCT, CARPENTER & JOINER
ALL kinds of M:cthine work. Engi
it'elrinlg, (';arpuntrrillg and .minter
w tork dhu with 11111 1 patch, in first
l FsII I iianll,, A.r.
Estim atel s aIIi l pu fr)ti li 'f ' Iilinill s
iLrit il p y fIlir l hel. l';irt il s desiring
\oki ll it i the sci,tc ' Iv itradles will
call on oil-l at :lly linit fol r t rl:w,., hi' h
wiltl e lieral .s Ito prie .,d ti e.
Shop oln WASllN 'II'iT N STREET.
NATClHITOCIlES, LA.
Jan :12-1y.
CA ! PI1 .1 'I'l!:1
---ANI)-
,i, tl E uiluesi. ned is
lirt c arcd l i t l i .ll
kinds of Car. eutering '"' ''
:;il Joining oi the slihortlcst notice, :lli4
in first-class. workniti-like ilanner. he
has lci ianentl lý b eaild ii Natchitoches,
iut will do work at any point in this vi
ciiity Mi hen wlled.
lhest of relyiran ,s givien. T'l'nms imod.
.JOHN LARK.
F I,. 2.- Il.
-IN SEASON,
A. ALLUIN'S
RESTAURANT,
St. lihnis Street.
NATI('II ITO(('HIES, LA.
T AIRM MEALS at all hours. Transient
I and permanllelt boarders accomoda
tedwith a table w.ll suppll ied with the
best ill the market.
SPARTIES, BALLS, WEID)I)IN(S,
;and enttrtuainennts frn'nisihecd with sup
1- ers oil li;lia lic t 111 ll.
ºl l nisine ill cltlr'ge of" the Proprietor who
is anl expl'er'ienced
CATERER AND COOK.
~ I Terms moderate. Feb. 2-tf.
'paATh BOARDING
1 HS. l'. A. 31'KENNA.
H1as opIned a Private Boarding House
Corner THIRD and SIBLEY Streets,
. NATCIIITOCHIES, LA.
Where the permanent and transient
public will be entertained with the best
table the market affords.
Feb. 9.-tf [ TERMS MODERATE.
A. M. GARRETT'S
BOARDING HOUSE,
CAiPTEI, LA.
o
re RANSIENT travelers enltertained
Iwith hospitality, and bfrnished with
the hest the market affords.
Single meals at regular hours ....25 Cts.
' " when ordered .....50 "
S Lodginr ........................ 5 "
h orse ed ......................25
ii- Feb. 2 '7T-1v.
Tinware alnd Stoves.
HENRY GENIUS.
Worker in 'Tin, C`piper and
SHEET 111ON,
Corner Front and Trndean Streets,
NATCHITOCIIES, LA.
I -
SWholesale and Retail deiler in all kinds ,if
HEA'I'ING AND COOKING T'rOVES
- and sole agent for tlhe celebli:ted chliampion
CHARTER OAK
•cooking stove. All stoves sold at man
ufactnrer's prices with freigl:h added.
Manufacturer of plain anl.,- ,^,1Q
Ware Metallic ro, nu,. flc., etc*
A,. Large and select stock of Tin Ware
and House Furnishing good on hand
'-"N~PERING. ROOFING. and all man
ner of Joh, Tin and plumbers work exe
cutde with dispatch.
Feb. 9 '78-ly.
Lea
bli
ac Theo. I~aller,
Coper, Tin and Sheet-iron worker.
-DEALER IN
Stoves, Tinware and House Furnishing
GOODS,
Washington St.,........,atchitothes, La
E, Sole agent for the Unrivalled
BUCK'S BRILLIAN'P
Dsh Cool.inzg Stooves.
TE Gutters, Pipes, Metalic roofing and al
rs, kinds of repa'ing, done with dispatch.
St
ed, ' iberal 1 is .unt to ountry trade.
March 25-1 l
Jewelers.
II. N1). E
JEWELER, JIE ER,
-AMN- I -.
OPTICIAN _P'li `N
All kinds of repairing t)on,.I i he' ti
t"St notice. llld ill tho' 'u-' :,1,'tift . I
Il1 l", w ith fill :! i.fa 't,i I' m lante'al
( locks, 1il1te 0s a1nid J , I; tl r gillr e
t1e Lio e. s l ilrN
A FULL & COMI'LP -:':'f" C' O' -
Ofhice anld Shop on St. I)D"l . So .,n tu" ,, .,,In
Dec. -I vy.
Sj AS. T. I_IlT
WA'1 I .,,'..
746
th.I c'lti')uli. rt' paire, d ui ll :tr&m:urnt\ l.
Standard 'I' I E Kept
a dil \W ia' thei s ct11 tll rcglll;itt.d 'ol'rec1 t
lv, free of 'hliir,,.
A tiie liot of \A''!llIE ii; l CL,()4JI
Ifor 'sal chei'ap.
(Otlic on St. Dliiis .t., hl \ioe;ue 211 & :11
ltFeb. 3-1 y.
1Iecrcllan.ts.
---..--.,----- ... . . .
HENRY A. WALMSLEY,
(S eevissor to i1. II. ('.AlVEIll.
-- I Ai.l. IN-
1)1{Y GO01).',
IIARI)DWAIIE,
SHOES,
B)OTS.
CLiOTIING,
CHOC(lERYWAliE, &C, C., &C.,
Also 3 general lice of Pla tationl and
Family supplies.
May 4, 1-".
FRED) VWILISON
lreceiviug, Forwarding
- ANu
COMMISSION MERCHANT,
Dealer in Dry-Goo,. Groceries, &c.
Blair's Landing,
REID RIVIlR, LOUISIANA.
I take this nethod of ihin"lIing iimy
friends and the public generally, that I
have removed from Brownsville to Blair's
Landing, one mile above, where I am
prepared to conduct a receiving, forward
ing and commission business. Rates of
storage from and after this date will bi
as follows :
Cotton - - .; Cents - - Per Bale.
Freight - - 1- Cents - - Per Barrel
No extra charges for marking and weigh
I ing.
I will keep on hand a'complete as
sortment of
MERCHANDISE
Which will he sold low for cash or coun
try prodluce.
Oscar Chopin;
COTTON FACTOR
-AND)
COMMISSION MERCHANT,
No 65 CARONDELET ST.,
.July I -ly New Orleans.
Saddler:.
I a
1Q--Cloutlf C
L''; UF
Bricklayers.
M'KENNA & BOSSIER.
Brick Burne rs
MAKERS & LAYERS.
SELL and LAY brick ; do plastering
and all work in thlt l inme -promptly,
cheeply, and in any locality in this or
surrounding parishes.
Tombs, $50 for Large, and $18 for Small.
Address, M'KENNA & BOSSIER,
Jan. ?l26m. Natchitoches, La.
JOSEPH C KEYSER,
Brickmaker and Layer.
1 I'PREPARED to do all work entrusted
to him quickly and in a workmanlike
manner. Tomb, Chlmneys, Cisterns and
other work solicited.
Orders left at BULLARD & CAMP
BELL'8 will be promptly attended to.
Jan. 27, 1v,
Steamboats. "1
NTEWTT ORIA.NAW
-AND -
(' 1A l) E ('C O R IE
W, wVeekly e l'ehket!
;. FOR
(" ran l Erore,
11t\ xahlria,
I arbin's,
- ND ALL WAY ILANDINGS.
T II E 'STE.1.ElA
IART ABLE:
't' I1('11:ll| SI[NNO'TT. ......Master.
' G. C. AM.III·TONI ............... Clerk.
''The Itl Aile will deliver Freight at
Natt'llitodjs, wL;ttcr p]riitting.
All hI r+ht consignei d to Ste... , I
- AIILE. othier Agent ('apt. R. \..
will Ibe ewarlrdedtl free of ])rayage u
Storage.
Leav'a e\\w Orl)eans evtery Saturday at
I.) 5 P. M.
Leaves IatchIitolhies and (Grand Ecore.
ret urning, every Tuesday, at 12 M.
Leaves 4lexandria, returuing, every
Wed(t sdaytat 12 M.
1For F'reight or passage ap'ply on Board,
or to her Agents,
R. W. AI)AMS, 21 Commercial Place.
.JI'LES MISSI, Grand Ecoru, La.
,I'.h . 9 -1
RED RIVER,
- -AND
NEW ORLEANS.
NEW ORLEANS and RED RIVER
TRANSPORTATION COMPANY
AND TEXAS PACIFIC
AND CONNECTIONS.
Tl'hrough hills of 'and .( and threugh
passenger tickets to all landings on hed
River, and all railway stations in Texas
" THE BEST ROUTE
-TO
;, HOT SPRINGS.
of The following splendid and fast steam.
be ers composing the line will leave as ad
vertised below :
La Belle,
Maria Louise,
'Texas,
h- C. . I)urfe,
Col. A. P. Kouns,
Lotus No. 3,
W. J. Behan,
Bonnie Lee,
nI. Dawn,
Kate Kinney.
FOR NEW ORLEANS
Shreveport,
Jefferson,
Hot Springs,
AND POINTS ABOVE THE RAFT,
-and all
and railway stations in
No whariboat charges, drayage or coca
mission will be charged at mnouth of Red
River, or at New Orleans, in forwardiul
freight consigned to the company by bhi
of lading.
For freight or passage apply on boar
of the boats or at the office of the co
pany, No. 1ll Gravier street.
JOS. A. AIKEN, President.
AGENTS:
New Orleans. M. JOYCE.
Shreveport, .,'t. SJlt..a-.
Grand Ecore, J. E. MESSI.
Feb. 2.-ly.
Livery and Feed Stable,
H UTON '8
LIVERY and FEED
St. Denis St., NATCHITOCHES, La.
S IS PREPARED to accommodate th
I public in everything in the Feed any
r Livery line. Stable it first-class and at
ranged especially for the convenience anL
comfort of stock.
FEED FOR HORSE $1 PER DAY.
Hacks and buggies on hire and fut
nished promptly on application
R. P. HUTSON.
Feb. 17-1v. proprietor.
Shoemaker.
O. Shaflrath,
Boot and Shoe Maker.
C-IIALLENGES the world for neatn9
and idarabilitv otf work. Satisfacti'
n fit and material guarante
Sho. on