organ
Supply and Demand. their
Some interesting statistics is dte i,
fon:it in the "Rleport of the Coin- in the
mnissioner of Agriculture" for the jri
:ear 1873. One fact is well worth ter w
the stuldy of our ftarn:rs, , which as on
is, that the report based on actual te
figures, shows that the very large Ipowe
crops of cotton made in the South ViAs
failed to 3iel as much money as er
a inediuimi one. For example, or a
when the crlop of 1869, 3,154,946 crow
hales, sold at 23 6-10 cents per ,t bha
pound, the crop of T870, 4,352,- othe
317 bales, sold for 11 9-10 cents roil
per pound; so that the large crop the
brought $14,633,191 less than the tilth
preceding mueditum crop. In 1871 nI
the crop declined to 2,974,351 the
hales, and the price roseto 19 3-10 "til
cents per pound. By these figures 1
we at once see what the crop. ,lhio
should average to yield average th?
gross value. 3,000,000 bales pro- g
duced yearly will bring as much the
money to thefarmners as four or five. t•eil
When will our Southern friends i,t,
study their own interest I (oe
cini
tiof
The average wages paid farm l
hands per month in this State, the
where wages is paid, is $18.40,
Louisiana produned 7,920,000 rein
bushels of corn in 1873, about the sit
same il, 1876, which was about tli
one fourth of which should have int
been the crop. grl
Louisiana has 76,300 horses, gio
79,900 mules, 89,600 Mitch cows, tlil
tici
171,900 oxen and other cattle,
68,800 sheep anti ""2,600 hogs. F4
All these are less than is possess
ed by any State South, save South Pe
Carolina and Florida. al
ill
Natclhitochies has a timbered Ipr
surface of 66:2 per cent of the fo
whole, amounting to 187,107 acres.
Sabine of 75 percent or 51,214
acres. it
Winn 74:9, or 69,881 acres. nI
Grant 54:T, or 36,409 acres. or
About "Balking." w
Lwriter -in The Golden Rule makes fo
soi~'very 'senafble remarks on this tr
snb,j;' If the education of the 'colt az
has 'bbein eoidueted.- in accordance te
with coirect principles be will not al
alkk. Batking on thIe part of colts hi
cs, for the most part, the result of ft
the tratier's ignorance or passion.
. Yelling and whipping oa the part of k
the trainer or driver, overloading, tI
sore shoulders, or ill-fitting collars- sI
these are the canses that make horses t
balk. But if you have a horse or si
colt that balks, while one cannot, e
wthout a personal knowledge of the f
subject, tell you what to do, we can ii
tell you whal t not to do--never whip. t
If he won't go let him stand still and g
think it over. He will very often v
think better of it, antd after a few l
montents' retlection andt a few tosses 1
of tlie head go on of his own accord e
Or if this does not answer, get out of 1
the wagin and p1at him and talk to i
him kinldy. A horse is very suscep- f
tible to kinefiess; and the writer saysa
lie has known more thian one qnite c
vicious horse gentled into good be- c
havior by a few gentle pats from a
1jady'i gloved lhand on the moiet neck I
and veined muzzle. Somietinies it isr
well to loosen a strap or start a bucekle.
The leire acnet of unchecking and re
checking the animal has sometimes
answered the ptrrpme. It took his
attention off in another direction,
changed the current of his thought,
and broke up his purpose and deter- I
mtinnation to resist. For this same I
reason an apple, or a bunch of grass
from the roadside, or a handful of I
oats, or a few, kernels of'corn, will1
often accomplish what an hour of
beating could never effect.
The trenth i's a man must govern
hlimself before he can hope to gov- I
er lower animals. A man flushed
with passion, his brain charged withl
heated blood, and eyes blazing with
rage, is not in a condition to think
Slearly; and it is jost this thinking
,levly that is, above all else, needed
in directing and controlling horses.
Hente it is that contact with horses,
and arn aetal etperienee in teaching
them, is one of the finest disciplines
a man can Ihave. lie grows to love
the colt lie is teaching; and no na
ture is utterly depraved in which is
going on the exrPrise Cf.af'etiton, no
muatter how humble the object may
be. Hlis employment makes it nee
esmory for hIt to think ; and this
keep. intellect, which might other
wise have no development, alive.
The language of the stable is not, as
many pious and ignorant people irm
agine, all slang. Care and anxiety
are felt in the groom's room, and con.
saltatlons held .upon the issue of
which the health and safety of valua
ble property depend. Plans are form
ed antd methods of procedure adopt
ed, apon which fame and vast sums
of money come and go. Faults of
amarre and errors of education and
practice are orreeted, and the trainer
diucorera that in ashooling God's
creatures lie .is being schooled him.
self. Thus, s in all- other branches
of honorable industry, the horseman
disoverls that he is the point from
which one current goes frth asd an
other enters in. He bestows, and he
rceuees~ b edocltes, atd bl etca.
ted; and the life which so many
thoegtles peopyle daespie closes, as
a the ease of Uirmn Woodruff--the
prltit ta beart and aet-wltli honor,
ad-. fame wbkh ean fail only when
kiadnesa twarudaknarl and integri
ty amonUlp et prp regarded us of no
aecount,
How to Have Realdt@y ?g s
writes as follows ia regard to the
proper trent'ment of iaking fur the
prevenutive o( diseme
Kelep your hogs clean. 1tep
thww fhom the hot, taeking bed of
C.
manure and close sleeping place, T
where the emanations from decom
posing dung, urine, straw and other N
organic patter are added to those of
their own Ikins and lungs when bud- Publ
died together in gtreat numbers. See
that-both food and water are clean,
in the sensae- of being free from dis
ease germs, and from the microscopic
particles of decomuptslng organic mat
ter which, within the -system as well
as outside it, furnish ap ptdpriate food Ad
for the disease poison, and favor its
increase, while they .depress its vital The
powers aid lesson the chances of the snbse
virus being thrown off. cents
And it is here that the pork raisers cents
are most frequently at f:ault. Fifty ceuts
or a hundred pigs are allowed to subse
crowd together in a filthy manure ad
heap, a rotten straw stack, or under Tbh
a barn, subject to the droppings of Rt
other animals as well as their own plies
prodncts. Their teeding tiounghs and Ne
drinking water are so supplied that be ai
they can get into them with their mont
filthy feet, and they must devour the ordri
most obnoxious matter or starve. If Al
under this abuse disease is developed, Post
the healthy are left with the sick, as Al
"they will all Ilre it, anyway," and addl
the result is usually a clean sweep. cash
When hog cholera exists, the sick Ti
should be plced by themselves un- iv P,
der a special attendant, and the free It is
us.e of disinfectants; tile healthy cuss
should be carefully watched, and on houn
the first sign of illness of increased edit
tenmerature, as ascertained by the in t
intlodnetion of a cinical Iherlotometer in
into the rectum, they should be at jpela
once taken Ifol the heard and se- and
clded. This, with active disinfec- ,ui
tion, will ena;rle the owner to cut vote
short an outbreak, and save, perhaps, cony
the great majority of an already in- ntil
fected herd. Again, the sale of an- sect
imals from an infected stock, to be to ;
0 removed from the premises alive,
e should be severely pnnishedr antd the
disinflectioi of the buildings where
the sick have been should be made
e imperative. We shall obtain_ the
greatest success with this disease MA
when we treat it as acontagious mala
dy, and wherever it is found to exist T
3, give our main attention to prevent
Sthe further generation and dissemiua
tioL of the poison.
s. Fattening and Killing Fowls. ST
g- Although the manner of fattening
It ponltry may seem easy, yet there is, St
nevertheless, a right and wrong wayy, ei
a long and shourt mode, ofaccomplish- pa
in the object desired. Never let ski
d poultry forage or shift for themselves sal
for at least ten days before killing, wi
Ie for they at e apt to range in the barn- wt
5- yards and pick up food, which pet- ev
14 meates all tlhrouglh the bird, its flesh ph
frequently becoming so tainted that an
it is unfit to be eaten. The best Ar
method for steady and regular profit in(
or for domestic use, is to keep them Nc
constantly in high feed fromn the be- an
ginning with plenty of clean, cool jlu
water; then they are always ready re
es for the'table, with but very little ex
is tra attention, their flesh will be juicer
ilt and richer in flavor than those fat
ce tened from a low and emaciate state,
lot always commanding quick sale at the se
Its highest price in the market, a health
of ful, nourishing, and restorative food.
in. Some cram their poultry before
of killing, to make it appear heavy;
Ig, this is a most injurious plan, as it a
t- shows at a glance the dishonest in
seR tention of the shipper to benefit him- so
or self and swindle others in his poor
ot, effort to obtain the price of poultry
the for corn ; the undigested food enters
ia into fermentation and putrefaction
ip. takes plaee, injuring their sale a
md great deal more thanl is gained in
ten weight. Fowls should always be al
ew lowed to remain in their coops at
seA Ileast 24 houis previous to being kill
rd ed, without food; then they will keep
Sof longer and present a better appear
to anlce. The best food for fattening
ep- fowla, old or youngr is barley meal,
sys or mixed with equal quantities of
iie corn meal and fed warm (a small c
be- quantity of iron in their drinking wa-; e
ma ter is recimmnended), which will make (
ck flesh faster and more solid, giving it '1
it is a file golden color after being dress i
kle. ed. Good fond is positive economy,
re The best mode for killing poultry,
mes as it causes instant death without
his pain or disfigurement, is to suspend I
ton, the biuds by tying their legs firmly to 1
3ht, a pole or heavy wire across the kil
ter- ling room, a convenient distance from I
tme the floor, and opening the fowl's
rss beak, and with a sharp pointed Iand I
of narrow-bladed knife make an inicis
will ion at the beck of thi roof, which will
of divide thle vertebrae and cause im
nmediate death. Dry-pluck the feath
ern ers anjd pin-feathers all off, neat and
!ov- cleanA, whitle warm, without Lreaking
led the ski, then piunge it into a kettle
with of very hot water, holhing it tliere
with only long enDough for thle bird to
ik "plump," then hang it up, turkeys
g and chikens by the legs, and ducls
ded and geese by the heads. Do not re
raes. move tile entraile, head or feet. This
res, mode gives thie poultry a nice buttery,
lin g golden color, that attracts the eye of
lines the epicure.-Poultry Journal.
love -
na- Ducklings Mdre Profitahle than
ch is Chickens.
may Tire saying often applied to young
nec- ducks that "they eat more than they
this are worth," may be a very unjust one.
iher- Several years ago we were speaking
live. with a woman who raised yearly large
it, as numbers of ducks and chickens, re
I - garding the coml arative amount of
let y food consumed to bring them to their
on- full growth. Site stated tllt "ducks
te of eat less in proportion to their growth
dna- than chickens-' Our readers may te
orm- surprised at this, but upon giving tlhe
lopt- matter a little thought they nill on
sums derstanld the reason. It is because
tR of the ducklings reach maturity sooner
and than the chickens, and, of course, the
miner longer it takes to bring a creature to
od's maturity, the greater the expense, not
him. oly of food, but of time and trouble.
c les Experiment has demonstrated the
tman fact that, with the same quantity of
from food and care, the ducklings in nine
*I* ty days from the shell, may be made
dd he to weigh nine or ten pounds per pair,
a- or over, while chickens, in the same
inansy length of time, come to weigh only
s, as six or seeenpoundi a pair. Hence
-the the remark quoted at thle.commence
enor, meet of this paper, does not apply
when when ducklings are properly and io
tgri i teHligently mauagoed-Poultry World.
Thie comb li the hen's pulse. If
that be strong and bright, and of a
good color and fullof blood, shaking
r ity, wii, every quiek movement of the
D tie bird in the eambed varieties, the bird
Sthe is in normal health, and in a'laying
condition. When the rim of the
tetept comb and wattlisehave a prplish
wt of inge, the bird Is sot well.
MONTGOMERY BLAIR, Editor.
Published Every Morning (Sun
days excepted) at
927 D STREET N. W.,
Washington, D. C.,
BIT IENgRY POLKINIION.
Address, Box 484, City P. O.
The UNION is served by carriers to
snlecrilers at 1 cents per week, or 50
cents per month. Single copies, three
cents. By mail, (postage prepaid,) 60
V cents per month, or $7.0) per year. All
subscriptions must be paid ivariably in
e Th:eUNION will be sent to clubs at get
the rate of $6 per year, I postage prepaid.)
Rates of advertising furnished on ap
1 plication.
d Newedealers ordering Tsit U'Iiox will
t be supplied at the usual rates. The
ir money must invariably accompany tie
e order.
If All bank checks must lhe starped.
I, Post office orders are preferable.
s All business commlnnications must be
addressed to the "Publisher of the Union."
The Union is conducted oi entirely
cash principle.
The Union is the only Democratic dai
I- l published at the seat of Governiment.
e It is dedicated to the dispaissionate dis
.v cussion of the events and issues of the
im hour. In the language of the initial
md editorial, "the immediate object sought
le in the establishment of this paper is to aid
e in preventing the nation from being sub
et jeoted to the ills which must result from
placing its Chief Magistracy in abeyance,
e- and frustrating the great reforms of ad
C- ministration and finance decreed by the
[t vote of November, ald we hope so to
)A, conduct the paper as to demonstrat " its
n- utility to the country at large, and to ý
n. secure such support from the people as
be to assure its esucces and permaueucy."
Ihe PRIME ENJOYMENT FOR A YEAR.
ere
de Less than four Cents a Week.
ihe
te MAKE HIOME ATTRACTIVE BY INTRO
a- I)CING
Vt TE SIIB1DY illIlIG PAT.
Ua- Which for more than 55 years has been
the best
T1S. STORY, fETCH & FAMILY PAPER
tng as is well known all over the United c n
, States. It is pulspdiHshed weekly. contains
' eight large pages, clearly prinlted on good
- paper, filled with the choicest stories and is,
let sketches by the best writers; no sen
ves sational trash, but such as a mother is LAR
ug, willing to have her children read. The
rn- whole tone of the paper is pure and el
evating.
esh It also contains Historical and Biogra
phical articles; Scientific; Agricunltural
and H usehold Departnmefls ; Fashion
est Article weekly, fresh and excelled; HIn
-ofit morous Notes ; Literary Reviews; News
tem Notes ; Boy's and Girls' Columns .
be- and Sparkling Editorial, etc., etc.
cool just such a a paper ar everybody loves to
aly read, and the price is only
ex
icer TWO DOLLARS A YEAR.
ate, Sample copy containing clubs rates, etc.
sent on receipt of a 3-cent stamp. Address
bth- NO. 650 BENNETT & FICTH,
ood. r
fore ISO Sancom Street, Philadelphia, Pa.
Iv"; N. B.-Be sure and affix the number
t9 it 650 before BENNETT & FITCH, so that we
iti may know through what paper the sub
cm- scription comes.
Fter FARMERS AND PLANTERS
lc a SUBSCRIBE FOR
" i i l l Jllill Ill
kill-at RU L SOUTBLIND
keep FOR THE YEAR 1877T
g It is the Leadingand Oldest Week
ly Agricultural paper in the South;
contains everything of value suitable
s of to Southern Agriculture, such as the
mall culture of Cotton, Sugar, Rice, Tobac
w3 co, Corn, Wheat, Rye, Oats, Peas the 1
unke Grasses, Silk, Ramie, Moss, Potatoes,
ng it Turnips, Cabbage, etc., etc.; the rals
nress' g of all kinds of Stock for the South;
omy the culture of all kinds of FrSits, such
Itr as Peaches, Pears, Apples, OrangesV
tot Figs. Lemons, Pineapples, Japan
n Plums, Grapes, Pomegranates, etc., ]
ped It contains a choice department for the
ly to Family Circle; gives all the News in a
I kil- condensed form; gives also the latest
from New Orleans Market Reporte; and H
owl's contains many Valfable Reseipes for
Ind use on the Farm and Plantation, as,
.well as many Usefil Facts for the
a 1 Family, the K'tchen, or the sick fotn.
The paper is printed from clear, hew
type, and contains sixteen pages of
eath- valuable matter every week. The 13th
t and volume commences January, 1877.
aklng The Subscription price is $2.50 per
yettle year, post-paid, $1.50 for 6 months, or
tihre 25 cents for one fnonth, in advance.
rd to Address
rke I Our Home Journa1 and Rural South
ue I land, NEW ORLEANS.
ot re
This 'H SUN
Itery,
1877 NEW YORK. 1877
0
than The different edition, of TIe SU'tN during
the next yest will be flue same as during the
year that hasjust passed. The daily addition
will on week days be a sheet of four pages, or
Oug 56 twboad columnne *ltile the we~kFy Sdition
will be a shleet of eight pages ef the same dimen
Sthey sions and character that dre already familiar to
our frlends.
TUE . UN oill continue to he the strennonus
eking advocateofreform and retrenchme~t, and of
large the substitution of statesmanlship. wisdom, and
integrity for hollow pretence. imbecility, and
is, r- fraud in the'administration of public affairs. It
unt of will contend for the government of the people
their by the people and for the people, as opposed to
government by fralnls in the ballot- box and in
ducks the counting of votes, enforced by military
ronwt violence. It will endeavrer to supply its read.
ers-a body now not far from a million of sonls
I -y 16 -with the most careful, complete, and trust
gi the worthy accounts of current events, and will
u employ for this purpose a numerous and care
fully seleted staff of reporters and correspon
Bcil5e dents. Its reports from Washington, especial
soonrly, will befull, acerate, and fearless; and it
will doubtless continue to deserve and enjoy
se, tie the hatred of those who thrive by plundering
are to the Treasury or by leurplog what the law does
not givetheam, while it nsi oimclavor to merit
thecoflidence of the publti by defending the
rouble. rights of the people against the eancroacehments
d te of nisiflled power.
ti e dce d the daily SUN will be 5 celats
aity of en or O50 a year, ptt.paid, r: with
ine- the Sunday edition $r 70 a year.
The SUNDAY edition alone, eight pages
ade a Slo a rsear, pst pa id.
r pair, The Weekly S, eight pages of 58 broad col.
s e mas, will oe furnished during 187hat the rate d
of $1 year. poet paid. . ,
II only .'he benetit of thislirge reductioa from the
I-Cese prmious rate for rbe Weekly can be enjoyed by
-. iltidAut msbfcibera without the necessity of
DeDCe- making up eluboe. Atthe amne time, if any of
apply our friends cehooseto aid in extending our cir
nod io. eulation,weshall egratfil tohbem, ad every
such wholer e a!lte0s n ,tmoreaubcri"
World. bers freo~ d place ill beistled to one copy
of the paper for himself without charge. At
one dollar a year, postae paid, the expenses of
- s.. If paper andwIatln are rl ;,and, con.
Id f I] its coatents, weare conflent the people will
bakihg consider th Weekly 8S time tmiespeat newspa
of the per published in the world,- and we trust aso
' one of the very best.
laying a~dread s Ti SUN, hew Yort City, x. Y.
of the
arg plHeh I Get your printing done at
the.VmDicAToT Jdb Offlice.
l7I, 1871. "o
wintl.
theI
great i
Should subscribe at once, and sinV
get up Clubs for the ingt of
CIr
F 18771l
es to t
1 to the
OU 7to ontP
paeerarl.
give t
`Ten
Wit
By M
LOOK HERE!
R We will let each of our old Subscribers who pro
cures us one new Cash subscriber at our usual rates,
have the VTNDICATOR one year for Two DOLLARS. That
Sis, both subscribers can get the paper for FouR DOL
s LAS AN FIFTY CENTS.
GI
tai
Club Rates.
Single copies........ ..... .2 50 a.
Ten copies to one address.............. 22 50 'P
Twenty copies to one address............ 40 00 c
A copy of either, the
People's Vindicator,
Saturday Evening Post,
New York Weekly Sun, 1
N. O. Weekly Democrat,
Leisure Hours, it
1 ti
Furnished extra and free of charge, to each getter up a
of a club of ten subscribers.
P1I
CASH must accompany every order.
SRemit by Draft, Postoffice Order or Registered Letter. i
- iC
tIi tfro
me
pei
1 ee
JOB WORK.
Te
Our Office is supplied with a splendid assortment of tr
In
- Job Type and Liberty Job Presses,
th
and we are determined to do as good work as New Fe
Orleans, and as cheap. Cj
ring
ior BLANKS.
ition ar
POSTERS,
noeci
I of D1
CIRCULARS,
BILL HEADS,
LETTER HEADS,
care
itBRIEFS,
t PReGRAMMES,
Dents i. P
'e BUSINESS CARDS,
ith
ages
.i. and all kinds of work executed with neatness an
ne dispatch.
odby -
ity of
ser of
e, con.
adrillal, COSGlOVZ,
;.ý. EDITOR AND PUBLISHE1t,
e at PorpI's VimmaTo, Nachitoches, La. P, 0, Box, 120
OUR COUNTIRY! '77 T
i WHAT WILL Till
3ecome of It ? Coi
The Or(
Is tbelqiiestion how agitating the public Conthin
mind. materia
The gtat-e i sues befofe Congress; the it'illi
final settlement of the late Presidential the Lt
election; the Incoming Cdugress; the hIl aitl
new President; the Policy of the next tlil iti
Administration ; and future xelfare of uiltl ii
the country anti people, are matters of their ii
great interest to each and every individu- 'Th w
al. Such a crisis has not been ptesented inhre h
since tile Declaration of Independence. utlily e
A Truthful History of events, and do- liail l
ings of Congress will be given with im- aently
partiality and fairness in the graph.
CINCINNATI ENQUIRER, Choric,
a public spirited paper echoing the wish td pe
es to tlhe people, advocating subminision addlit in
to the Laws, good Governllet, anil the nai alt
Rights of the people to be heard Ulpon all PIRE
matters that peitain to the conitry's Cotrict
welfare. A
The Tricky Polithiians, always ready 290x
to orginize troillile, but who never Bar- uiished
ticipate.in danger, will be shown up in i.M0U,
their true characters. By suibscribing her to
for the Enquirer, yoq will get a faithftl s n(ds
record of events as they transpire, with- Terin
out Party Coloring anid unbiased by par- eral of
ty feelings, as the trice merit iii a news- (uimen
paper is its ability and willingness to to any
give the Add
NEWS AS IT COMES, Pres.
and not as It is prepared by party dema '1"
gogues to mislead the people. Specimen
copies free.
Terms of Subscription. The
FoR WEEkLY. Sein-1
to ihe
Single Copy, one year.............. 2 00 oubli
Five Copies " ..$1 75 each ...... 8 75 le pil
`fen " " .. 1 60 " .....16 00 type 1
Twenty " ' .. 1 50 '" .....30 00 or lall
_ every
FOi' DAILEY. stand
Without Sunday Issue. With Runday sesue. the bi
By Mail, one year..$12 00 By Mail. I vear.614 00 out rt
Six Months........ 6 00 Six Months..... 7 00 io s
Three Months..... 32i Three Months... 350
One Month..... 1 50 One Month..... 50 ItA
TIll
Most liberal terms to club agents. Send from
for specimen copies and agents' outfit.
Agents wanted at every post-office.
Aidress all letters to all (
FARAN & McLEAN, Pii.itEl, and I
;es, New
Cincinnati, Ohio. • F
hat ting
prose
OL- GODall
DLiter
itieal
BLESS
OUR HOMES is the nait, of the most aeco'
elegant French Oil Motto Chromo ever Lr
issued. The motto is surrounded by one our I
of the most exquiste and richly-colored tIib
wreaths of beautiful flowers on dark Cr
background, and is perfect in all its de- notit
tails. It is 11 x 15. We send this motto with
chromno and the BOSTON WEEKLY Et
GLOBE, a large eight page family, story pres
50 and news paper, with agricultural, chess, i
50 puzzle, household, and all popular de- trew
partments, 3 months, for only 60 cents, sul
00 Chromo and paper, 6 monts for $1. A sorv
beautiful gift. Agents wanted, tion
Address, pub
WEEKLY CLOBE,
238 Washington street, a
Bosrox, MAs8s. ct
the
THE BEST PAPER. TRY IT, 1'
POSTAG1 FREE it v
vail
Beautifully Illustrated. a
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN now in at
its 30th year, enjoyr tie widest circula nat
tion of any weekly newspaper of the kind n
in thgworld. A new volume commences
SJanuary 4,1875.
Its contents embrace the latest and most ti
interesting information pertaining to the ne
Industrial, Mechanical, and Scientific Pro' eri
gress of the World; Descriptions, with tie
* Beautiful Engravings, of New Inventions,
New Procsess,&, and Improved Industries an
of all kinds; Useful Notes, Recipes, Sug all
Lter. estions and Advic by Practical Writers, Re]
for Workmen and Employers in all the ia
various arts. gpa
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN is the .
cheapest and best illustrated weekly pa- ill
per published. Every number contains e
from 10 to 15 original engravinge of new set
machinery and novel inventions.
E1RIGIAVI\GS, illustrating Improve- RC
ments, Discoveries, and Important Works, pa
pertaining to Civil and Mechanical Engi- th
neering, Milling, Mining and Metallurgy;
tecords of the latest progress to the Ap its
ications of Steam, Steam Engineering, Im
ilways, Ship Building, Navigation. et
Telegraphy, Telegraph Engineering, Elec- th
lt of tricity, Magnetism, Light and Heat. mi
FARMERS, Mechanics, Engineers, an
Inventofu, itanufaetuters. Chemists, l,ov
erms of Science, Teachers, Clergymen, Law- gr
yers, and People of all Professions, will re
find the SCIENrTIrFIC AMERICAN pseful to W
them. It should have a place in every of
New Family, Library, Stnudy, offlicei and Cont- tl
ing Room; in every Reading Room, so
College, Academy or School.
A year's numbers contain 832 pages and ri
SEVERAL hIUNbiHED ENGItAVINS. Thon- ti
sands of volumes are perserved for bind
ing and referenice, TIhe practical receipts
are well worth ten times the subscription
price. Terms $320 a year by mail, in- si
eluding postage. Discounnt to Clubs Spe
cimens selnt free. May be had of all News Ai
Dealers. I
PATENTS. In connection with
the SCIE NTI IC F I
AMtEuIcAN, Messrs. MUNN & Co. are C
Solictors of American and Foreign Patents, I I
and have thle largest estblishment in the
world More than fifty thnousand applie D
tions Ihave lbe made for patents through t'
their agency,
Patents are obtained on the becsfterms
Models of New inventions and sketches
examined and advice free. A special
notice is made In the cientific American
of all Inventions Patented throg h this
Agency, with the name and resident of C
the Patentee. Patents ate often sold in
part or whole, to persons attracted to the
invention by rstch notice. seud for
Pamphlet, 110 pages, laws arid full di
rectlons for obtaining Patents.
Address for the Paper, or concerning
Sai Patents, Muxv . & Co., 37 Park Row
. Y. Brach Ofioce, cnr. Ifand 7th 8ts.
Washinton, D C.
Jany 11875.-1rv
ALL PAPERS QUOTE FROM IT!
Detroit Free Press.
The liveliest of family newspapers, full
of interesting news, literature, humorous
sketches, spicy paragraph, etc. Sample
Copies free. Subscription S2 0 a year,
post-paid. Address
) DETROIT FREE PRESS.
Deutroit, Mich.
'77 THE PEOPLE'S PAPER'11
THE LOUISVILLE WEEKLY
Courier- Journal
The Great National Family NewHpaptr,
C Combines the experience, ability and
material resources ,of three old-tilue Loa.
isville newspapers of national repute
the Louisville ('onurier, Loulsville Jour.
Sal and Louisville Democrat -and is for.
ftili in the respect and conlidence re.
suiting frllll nearly half a century of
their individual and rombined sucres.
The Weekly Conrier-.lournal is lot a
mere hsty hoteh-pot'ch thrown from the
3- saily edition,. but a complete, able,. spicy
1fianly vwspaper, (ar,-fully andml intelli.
gently edited in every column and para.
graph.
Chice frou 22.5 standard books, or any
otie of l'I I lealilg mag:ziI.A or illustra
u tcd lperltl'lals for a hsere 1pittal;ce id
, addition to the priee of the Courier-Jour.
le nal altone.
Pll PiENTICE POEM3S and the Weekly
's Courier Journal one year for $3 ull.
A sltnlid Mail of the South, size
ly '2ix3~ inches, handsonle .y colored, var.
nr- nished and hung on rolers, retail price
iu $.0, will be presented to each subsecri
her to the Weekly Corier-Journal whd
asclnds us $2.01).
Ii- Terms, $2.00 a year, postage paid. Lib:
r- eral ofifers to clubs of five or mnore. Spae
ie- cimen copy and descriptive Circular fret
to to anlly address.
Adldress W. N. HALDEMAN,
Pres. Courier-Journal Co., Louisville, Ky
THE WVORLID
en
FOR 1877.
The New York World for 1877 Daily;
Sen-Weekly and Weekly, will be found
to he the chetapest and turst newspaper
0) published in tlhe United States. It will
5 e pilt ted in an improved form with new
100 type upon the best paper, and1( no expense
100 or labor will be spared to maintain it in
every department at the highest possible
standard, and to commend it in all ree
pects to the confidence andpproval of
sue. the best classes in the community with
4 'o out regard to political opinions or relig.
7 0 ions dittfferences.
1 It will lay before its readers:
'rIiE NEWS 1 tilE I)AY of all kinds and
from all quarteres, by nmail and by tele
g. rI'aph. carefully condensed and lucidly
arranged, speeial attentionl being given to'
all Commercial, Legal, Financial. Social
and Political Transactions in the City of
New York and the United States.
) Fu. REPORTS,, kRecitlng and Illustra.
ting all Congressional and Legislative
proceedings at Washtintton and Albany;
all Meetings of importance, Religious,
Literary, Educational. Scientific and Pol
itical ; all Social Events, gay and grave,
and Petsonal Informiation of interest to
the public.
C IIRESPONDENCE, expressly prepare4
for this journal by a pernmanent staff of
nest :aconplished resident writers at all cen
tres of interest throughout the world.
aver LITERARlY NEW and REVIEWs, by which
one our readers will be kept advised of every
med thing worthy of attention in the current
aiteratire of Europe and America.
lark Criticisms of all notable works and
de- notices of all notable events it connction
otto with Mustc, the, IDrama, Painting, Sculp
o ture and all other branches of Art.
Editoral Articles upon every subject of
tory present interest or importance.
less, For the principles by which The World
de- will he governed in its diseuasion and
treatment of the public questions, it will
Pntes suffice to say that The World, while con
. A servative in politics, desires the consevr
tion only of what is good and wise in our
public institions and no limitations upon
the right of ptitate judgment and the
afspira'tions of Reforfh, save those which
lre ilposted ly prudence decorum, and
a rational respect for vested rights and\
for thle honest opinionus of all classes and
S sects of Ilen. While it has labored for
the plrinciplesl and hails the triumph of
the Denmocratic party as aftl'tdiug us a
I practic:il lproiseit of Reforml in our puhlio
:nttmimstrations, city, state ant national,
it will not be blindly devoted to the ad
valneement of any party or any clique.
It will freely canvass the public conduct,
. while it will treat with respect the pri
Svnteriglts, of Public Men. and it will ex
Samnine fearleasy into the workings of our
reula national, state and municipal govern
kind nients.
enes It will nctnlcate a steadfast reliance
upon the original principles ot our poli
most tical system as the only saind basis of all
o the needed illorvement therein; an unfalt
cPro eri devotion to the Constitution and
wi the Union, a scrupulous tidelity to the
tions, pirit as well as the letter of our laws,
'strics mnd a sleepless vigilance in maintaining
Sug all the great safegunrads of Civil ani
riters, Religious Liberty. It will seek to mit
te igate and not to aggravafe the evils in
Peparable tron Party Government in a
8 the Fre Country; to promote good and not
Y P" ill feeling amnong our follow-citzens of all,
itaini creeds and colors, all sections aid all
f new sects; and to advance both by its pre
cepts anld by its example the reign of
prove- Reason and of Law over prejudice and
ork, passion in all our public action and in
Eng- the discussion of all public affairs. .
lurgy; It will do justice always. to the best of
e Ap its ability to all men and to all classes of
uering, men ; it will recognize noenemnies but the
ation. ehemies of good morals, public order and
,Elec- the law; it will endeavor, in a word, to
make i's columms a terror to evil-doers
ineers, and a praise to them that do well.
, Iov- Nor will it lose sight meanwhile of the
Law- great and legitimate demand of the
, will reading public for entertainment. The
eful to WORLD will keep its readers informik
every of all that is anmusing as well as of all.
Cont- that is nmonentons in the movements of
Room, soCety and will spare neither trouble
nor expense to provide them with a v
es and ried animated and accurate picture of the
Thon- times in which we live.
bind
eceipt I'EIERl8-POSTAGE PREPAID.
ription Daily and Sundays, one year, $9.S0i
il, in- six months, $5; three months, $2.250.
Spe- Daily without Sundays, one year, $8
1 News six months, $4.25; three months, $2.25 f
less than three imonths. $1 s-month.
n with Thie Se&ni-W'eekly World (Tuesda~t
T Y Ic and Fridays)-Two Dollars a year. Td.
D. are Club Agents---An extra copy for club of
'stents, ten; the Daily for club of twenty-five.
il the The Weekly. World (Wednesdays)- On#
ipplies Dollar a year. To Club Agents'--An e6
broughtra eopy for elsh often the Senti-Week'
lv for lanb of twenty; the Daily for clay
6terms d lifty.
ktchee Specimen number sent on application.;
npcial Tetms---Cash, invariably uIn advance.
nrican All cotimunieations should be address'
h this ad to THE WORLD,
Isn of Uorher Park Row and Beekman Street:
told in New York.
l to the -
i B Stf oIt ra F115
ming Patent Metal Lined.
se.l _heee Pumps are not
enoelled in fnish or'
workmanaship, and the
oldeotion to the corn'
T! mon WoodPump
oaunedbV the gradual
wearing oftheborld@
sS in this pamp obviateb d
by* a metallio spring
ers, full _ *c aalleet
imorous - .i
SlplO Bemple, Birge & Co.,
KANUPACTURER8 O AGRICUL IL INPIh
S &BNTSAD 5PDUIALTIIE IN tWAiDRI
i 1 lth Rlad btarees, ~t. Loeis, M*
a ik. .lr PLe. state tin wlet yaer m reaetit