JA4S. 11. COSGGROVE, ... *Editor.
NATCIIT( )CHES
SATiUI)AY - - - - Sept. 19, 1874.
Adverlising Iates.
I square.... I r) $6 5)i I0i 00 75 00 $20 00
'2 squarea,.. 7 1, 1l I 5 ' ' 0 25 0I)
3 Mqlareu ... IlIill 1:(I Ill 0 i( 25 1100 I )11
4 squaires... 1I.I 1 00 22 ( :) :) it) 35 0
5 qlnres,... 1700 21) 0i) 27 0) 3' 5 n1) 140 )
6i sqill... 211lHI 24 00 32 00 411 (010 I5 10
7 Sq uar'es... 23011 27 t0l 3I 0) oi 00! 70 00
8 squl'ares... 26 00 :310 i) 4 0 6; on I0 on
Il 8qu1'ares... . 45W a)) 0)0 5 1 50 01 7 00 3i 00
15 squares... 45 11 0il tol 011 711 0 inn 011'
20 sqiluares... 6i')1 10 811 00 1 ) 1195 00 150 011
Transient adlvertisemllent $1.5L) per squalre of
I0 lint's 11revier' , first illnsertion. Eacih sullbsie.
quilet insertion 73 celnts per sqluare.
OUR J.0 OFFICE is supplied with a
great arl'iety of type, ali1d work in this deplart.
ilnet perfurlmed with neatness and at Ilmoderl
ate prices.
Terms, CA ll on delivery of worck.
Rates of Subscrilltion.
One Cop one year ......................0.3.0
One Copy i. Iliolntlh ......................1 50
(Payable in advance.)
Notice to Contributors.
No comnunications will be pIblis.hed
unless iacolmpanield by the unthor's real|
name. But one side of the sheet, to be
written upon when sent to us for inser
tion.
Articles to be short and to the point,
to have attention.
.Tlhese are our rules and they must be
strictly adhered to.
WHITE PEOPLE'S TICKET.
For State Treasurer :
JOHN C. MONCURE,
Of Caddo.
For Conress--4th District:
WILLIAM M. LEVY,
Of Natchitoches.
For Senator.
J. B. ELAM,
Of DeSoto.
For District Jutdge.
Wm. H. JACK,
Of Natchitoches.
For' District Attorney.
M. J. CUNNINGHAM,
Of Natchitoches.
The notice of the visits of the Reg
istrar as published in this paper, is
official and correct.
Foreign persons will have their
naturalization attended to by calling
upon Col. D. Pierson, free of charge.
The steamer Bertha Brunner, makes
two trips to Alexandria, weekly.
We refer our readers to the adver
tisement of the Convent of the Sa
cred -art, than which no better in
stitution for the instruction of our
young ladies exists in the State
Their charges are moderate and terms
reasonable.
We congratulate our sister parish
of Rapides, upon the selection of her
ticket for parochial offices. None
better could be made, and their ac
tion will be a "slhining light" for our
guidance.
Our town is dull beyond compre
hension, not even a fight indulged in
to break the monotony of the times,
we can readily account for that on
the ground of no money, no whiskey
on .credit, and a good temperance so
ciety. We are credibly informed that
the sight of a criminal in the Mayor's
Court, would put the whole machine
ry of the city government out of or
der, for such a thing as an arrest or
even the breakage of the peace, has
not been indulged in for the past
month. Times are too hard to luxu
riate in fines.
After this lapse of time, during
which 'we have not had the great
American prerogative of "being gov
erned," we find, and speak by the
card, that we get along much better
without officers than with them, and
we cheerfully recommend a trial of
the seo rtae to our sister parishes..
John Oraborn the "statue" judge of
the 9th Judicial District, struts his
time about in New Orleans we un
derstand, to the good of all decent
people in Rapides parish. This indi.
vidual is the person who took great
pride in being a scallawag, and mn a
speech expressed his "dog like love
for his vomit." In our misery we
got possession of a strong decoetion
of the devil, but poor Rapides has no
reason to be congratulated on the
representative of the judicial ermine
she was forced to retain. Taking it
all in all, John Oraborn and H. C
Myers occupy relative positions, one
a full blooded hound and the other a
dirty cur.
Let us have Peace.
The howl of the paid hirelings, the
shrieks of the pap fed press of Lou
isiana, is truly alarming to those of
sensitive nei es, and well calculated
to make strangers imagine that some
awful and untold evil was about to
befall the Republican negroes in this
section of countlry.
North Louisiana is the recepticle
of the ch6ice language of these whi
lom bohemians, and if any thing is
to be proven by words, we must be a
sorry set of cut-throats indeed.
In all this storm of abuse, of villi
fication, we are uIIoved, for we lOS
sess the conscience of innocence. It
is the same old story, the out-crop of
this long fed and bitter hatred of the
blue.nosd Yankec, to the more warl
blooded southern citizen. We have
heard the cant and cry so often in
our lives, that we are not at all star
tied or alarmed at it. But we con
tend it would be better that our peo
ple should understand that we are to
be held as pnforgire, for all time.-
That the northern mind is not purg
ed of this enmity towards us-that
we must be kept down-made to
bow unwilling or not, to the yoke of
such government as may be chosen
by them to rule over us, to insure
this, which to them, they construe into
a matter of duty, our homes must
needs be made desolate, our fields be
come barren wastes and our very
lives, but the cheap privilege to
breath and move.
As long as we remain like the ab
ject slave, supinely quiet, and allow
the thieving hordes who emmigrate
under cover of the guns of the fede
ral armies to our midst, to plunder
and rob us at will; "all is quiet in
the South," and "reconstruction"
goes on well. But slhould we attempt
to assert our manhood, then the cry
goes up of the "second rebellion," the
South is at "its old work," and all
such stories that are eagerly grasped
by a mind willing to believe amkything
against, and nothing for us; minds
fed and nurtured in malice and ha
tred towards all mankind, who may
differ with them in matters of socie
ty, religion, or politics. We realize
and feel the same spirit that led
Cromwell and his crop-eared dema
gogues, to pull down and destroy the
pride and glory of the English ca
valiers. We see men who would des
troy science, art and literature, with
the fawning cry of "Reform in Lib
erty of opinion." There is in the or
der of nature a point beyond which
forbearance must cease to be a vir
tue, and we of the South have well
nigh reached that state. The worm
will turn and sting when trod upon.
Let us then have a fair understand
ing with our Yankee brethren. It is
far better not only for ourselves, but
for coming generations, that an end
should be put to this "half and half"
liberty, doled out to us by the stint
ing hand of a cowardly set of des
potic fanatics. Let us now under
stand fully the condition we are held
in by the North; those people al
though fully aware of the enormity
of the on:utrages under which we have
to this time patiently suffered, and
simply because they themselves in
the plentifhde of tlheir mercy promnilsed
to see us righted if we would-al
though they know we are now at the
verje of the precipice, . and make tihe
last stand in a fight of civilization
against barbarism; a barbarism led
on by a brutal, characterless gang of
rapacious individuals from their own
shores; tlhey havte choses to east sides
wrilt the negro against their own color
and their own blood. \We, ,of Louis
iana, are not alarmed at your mar
shalling of armed hosts, her sons
have faced steel and sonelled powder
too often to be frightened or intimi
dated at the display of a regiment or
so of puppet soldiery. They can use
them for what purpose they may
elect, but remember we have given
them fair warning, we wash our hands
of all responsibility in the contest.
We value peace, but we value liberty
more, our homes, our rights are more
dear to us than to purchase a cheap
luiet at the price of chains and slavery.
If this war is to be eternally waged
against us. Sobe it. ,
Our Southren brethren will agree
with as when we say that this ever
lasting suing for quiet, this supplica
tion for our lawful rights, must and
shalln cease on our part. We have
done with prayers, we are past sup.
plications, and if nothing but war
will satisfy the infernal Puritan spirit
of the North, then in God's name let
us have it. No civilized child's play,
but a war that will carry extermina
tion at the point of it; bayonets, and
destruction at the month of its can
non. Les us dedicate all, all to the
sacrafice, our homes, ourfamilies, our
selves. These people, cowards by
nature and plunderers by education,
are bent pou our dleatructiou, andl it
shall never be said that they met a
tame and abject people in their march
of subjngation. Rather a thousand
times, Saippson like, we go down
amid the thunders of the falling ruins
of the temple of American liberty.
We mayt fail, but bear in mind that
frecdom shall not surtivme .its.
A day of solemn retribution will
visit the once proud American lie
public. The prediction will be ful
tilled. The spirit of the Indian then
will say:
Thlun that has wasted earth andt dared desl pi.v,
Alike the wrath and merry of thli, skit's
Thy pomu is in the grave a thy glory laid
Low in the pit thy "hatraed" has tnmade.
New Orleans Democracy.
From a private letter published in
the Shreveport Times of the 11tlh, we
make extracts which we publish else
where, and in connection we nlust say
that we are not at all surprised. The
conduct of those political %~ ire-work
ers in the past, has left us but little
hope of their being made to work in
future to the end, that good might ac
crue to the entire people, should that
good, cause the failure of some cher
ished scheme, or wished for ambition
of particular individuals. That the
majority of the people of New Or
leans are true to their State; true to
the cause of the white men, we are
ever ready to admit, but they sutYer
themselves led into shameless and
indefeucible acts by the ward manui
pulators and political bummers, that
seem to surround and infest the every
endeavor of tihe honest and patriotic
citizen of the city. We are sorry to
see that R. I. Marr, than whom no
purer patriot lives, and who enjoys
the respect and confidence of all
classes of citizens, has been led to
commit himself to sign the address of
the Committee appointed by Resolu
tion of the Baton Rouge Convention,
as eminating from the "Democratic
Conservative party."
This is too palpable, and if the New
Orleans Democracy intend to continue
to inllict us with this shameless con
duct, the sooner the North Louisiana
parishes cut loose from their political
thraldom, the better.
Here is one of their "Benedict Ar
nold" acts, in violating an express
understanding had with her sister
parishes in solemn Convention. It
is asking entirely too much of us to
swallow all that these men require of
us, and if they desire even a sem
blance of confidence on our part, in
them, their conduct in future must
not be marked with such treachery as
has to this time been evinced.
We reject this circular as not erne
natinU from a body called in the spirit
of the understanding had with "The
People" at Baton Roule, and we give
it only that sanction we would any
truthful document eminating from
private individuals.
New Orleans, not as a people, but
its Democratic emolument seekers
are, in a measure, responsible for this
Kellogg fraud, for we contend that
the compromise made between that
functionary and its Wilts city gov
ernment (which in itself is a shame
and a disgrace, and should that be
the quality of Democratic government
intended fur the whole State, we would
be only swapping the "Devil for the
Witch" in the exchange of Radical
ism,) gave more strength and back
bone to the defacto than a thousand
Coushatta's would at the present time.
For it not only gave credence to the
statement of Kellogg and his friends,
"that he ruled by the will of a ma
jority of the white people, and that
only a few disappointed were dissat
isfied," but it opened the door for all
"vultures in search of game," and
gave a "because-yon-did-it" right to
all patriots in hunt of office.
The bane, the damning curse of all
movements of patriotic intent, are
these howling demagogues who im
agine that they must be rulers wheth
er the people will or no. For our
selves we will have no more of them,
and unless thile citizens of New Or
leans desire not the condemnation of
every true amid Rornest Louisianian,
let her show herself in unalloyed pat
riotiam-throw off these festering po
litical bnmmers, and nominate men
of *w peop~le, and from the ipeople, and
one thing of advice to "our Commit
tee,"-no more addresses to tlwk*ople
with the treacherous caption of
"Demoeratie Conservative."
We are in receipt of a letter from
our worthy friend G. C. Hamilton, the
popular Clerk of Sinnott's Line of
steamers, in which we are informed
that Capt. Sinnott will spare no ex
pense in affording facilities to our
shippers. He secured the Belle Row
land and the Bryarly, both staunch
low water boats, to run below the
falls in connection with the Bertha
Brnnner. Merchants and planters
can rely upon weekly trips being
made without fail.
A bad habit to get into--A coat
that is not paid for.
For the People, not for Indi
viduals.
We call upon the Parish Conven
tion which meets in this city upon
Monday next, 21st, to fulfil that mis
sion in the manner prescribed by the
whole people, and in full spirit anld
accord with the intents and meaning
of the white people's platform, which
is delegated to them by their respec
tive constituances. In this contest
we are not looking to help pIersonal
friends who need assistance, nor are
we to consider the claims of indi
viduals, this is no fight for individual
political preference, bult a contest for
the sup/tewac, oqf white cirili:atioa and
Ihe return of qorermauiejmt to the( hands
of its honest, cirtlous and cutpable cili
ZCus.
Let the representatives of the peo
ple in Convention assembled, keep in
view this main object of the work, to
select men as candidates for the suf
frage of the white people, of known
honesty, integrity and capacity ; men
whose standing and popularity is un
questionable, and whose names will
carry the respect and confidence of
all classes. No man has the right as
in ordinary contests, to force his so
lection upon the Convention, to stand
in thoe light of other good but more
popular men, and by persistent elec
tioneering and wire-pulling tricks,
secure a nomination at the cost of
our success. Too much of this old
time log-rolling has been indulged
in already, and we can but assure the
persons engaged in it, that their con
duct is looked upon with suspicion.
This should come to a full stop. The
people can judge of the best man,
and if we mistake not the temper of
the mass of the delegates and citi
zens, the vital object in this canvass
will not be lost sight of, and this con
vention, as with our State and Dis
trict conventions, can with pleasure,
upon its adjournment, .commend its
conduct to the favorable considera
tion of the entire people of our par
ish, composed as it will be, of gentle
men of standing and intelligence,
representing the material interest,
and reflecting the wishes and opinions
of all shades of political party. Let
us nominate our best, most honest,
and intelligent men, and our success
is beyond per-adventure.
Twitchell's Letter,
NEW ORLEARNS, La., Aug. 4, 1874.
T. S. Edgerton, Sheriff parish Red River, La.:
I received your letter this morning:
have seen the Governor and United
States Marshall; as soon as some
overt act has been committed, a
United States Marshal can be sent up
there, and he will doubtless take
United States troops with him. I
will advise you in case a demand is
made for your resignations to be cer
tain first that violence is to be used
in case you do not, and then to save
your life, resign.
Natchlitoches matters are not set
tied yet. The Governor will not al
low a mob to govern the State.
M. H. TWITCHELL.
So the "Natchitoches matters" are
not yet settled, although the Gov
erner (?) told our Committee guite a
different story. WVell, let the Mar
shal come on with troops to install
Myers, Boultt, Bossier and such like
and Mr (.) Twitchell and friends will
have the "Natchitoches matter"settled
to their hearts content.
If this gang in New Orleans and
among us, imagine for an instant that
they will be allowed to rule in this
parish again, they are most woefally
mistaken, rather would we sutffer our
heads cut off than such shauld be the
ease. When those men take seats
here as rulers, troops must surrounnd
thenm for all litac to come, and their
authority will 'not extend a foot be
yond the point of a federal bayonet.
We have said it and we intend to
stand by it as long as ifeo lasts.
Let our Parish Convention keep in
view thie fact, that this is a movement
in the interest of the people, not of in
dividuals, we have not time, nor is
our country in a condition to reward
friends. Nominate the strongest and
best men in the parish for office, and
you will commlnand the support of
your friends, and impart consterna
tion to your enemies. This is a fight
for principle and for the supremacy
of the white race-for the vindica
tion of intellectual civilization, and
no man has the right to thrust him
selfforward upon ay plea whatever,
let the people choose their standard
bearers, apd victory will crown onur
efforts. Pander to the wishes of In
dividuals for political preferment, and
yon but invite inevitable and ever
lasting defeat, and what is more, You
DEsEntvE IT. Onward our country
men, with the elhite people's movement,
for honest, intelligent and capable men.
Refreshing rains during the week.
Crop estimated not over one half.
Yield of corn shlort. Cotton is be
ginning to come in slowly. Prices
fully up to the quotations are offered.
T o Our Fellow-Citizens of 1
Ward 12.
A feeling has sprung up among you
which we are sorry to say will endau
ger our success in the comning elec
tion. A feeling so totally at variance
with your conduct, with your ex
pressed determination since the J3th
June last, that we feel, it to he our
duty to warn you of the serious con
sequence of following the lead of this
inclination.
It was the declared intention, and
the incipiculency of the nmovement I
against corrupt and incomipetcnt of
ficials that the movemuent should be
one of the people, for the pecople, all I
personal individual and political pre
ferences should ie laid aside. This
determination has been strictly ad
hered to in all our actions up to this t
timne, when we are sorry to say an
action has taken place which is far
foreign to the entire spirit of the 1
new party, we allude to a desire on
the part of certain parties to elec
tioneer for set individuals as candi
dates for particular offices.
This should hbe immediately check- I
ed, and to that end your earnest and
immediate attention is required that
the whole phase of the People's
Movement should not be changed a
front its high, noble and patriotic in
terests, to that of a miserable politi
cal scramble for official honors. We
are not political aspirants. and feel it
to be our right to express our opin
ions fully, in the selection of Dele- 1
gates to the Parish Convention.
It is our wish, and yours so express
ed, that none should be elected to of- 1
fice but men of honesty, integrity t
and capacity, and to gain that end
we earnestly intreat you to vote for
no man as a delegate to the Parish
Convention, who is pledged to any f
man or set of men, or who has indi
vidual preferences detrimental to the
public godd. Let us declare our
selves above such considerations, and
enter into this canvass, not for the
benefit of personal friends, but to
achieve a. permanent good for the
whole community.
Seizure of Arms.
KELLOGG CONFISCATES PRIVATE PRO
PERTY-AN OUTRAGE ON OUK PEOPLE.
Between the hours of 3 and 4 o'clock
yesterday afterinoon, Special officer
Pecora, accompanied by Ruiz, arrest
ed at the corner of Camp and Canal
streets, a furniture wagon, said to be
loaded with guns. Their authority
for this action was a warrant sworn
to by Special officer Smith, to the ef.
feet that said guns were intended for
a riotous purpose, and to be used in
the commission of a breach of the
peace. It was issued from Judge Mc
Arthur's Court.
The wagon and all parties then re
paired to the Central Police Station,
were the guns were delivered to pro
perty clerk Furnace.
Later in the day Constables Ryan
and Hurley called upon Furnace with
ithe following writ of sequestration:
State of Louisiana, Parish of Orleans,
City bf Orleans.
To Constable of First Justice of Peace for
the Parish of Orleans, Greeting :
Whereas, Armand Guyol hath this day
declared oti oath, before this coumrt, that
A. 8. Badger and A. Pecora have in their
possession, and which they illhgally re
itain at Dlavidson Court, in this city,
twenty.foro muskets with bayonets,
known as Pru.sian muskets, and one
thousand eartridges, containing a charge
of powder and a conical leaden hall, all
the property of atlant, of the value lof
(~1) minety-two dollars, afllant avers
amicable demand and refusal to deliver;
that he has good cause to fear that the
property will be removed or eonceealed
by the defendants during the pendency
ofthis suit. You are therefore command
ed to sequester mid property as above
described, and to take the same into your
Spossession tmtil farther order of the court.
Witness: W. T. Hoto,,
First Justice of the Peace for the Parish
of Orleans.
New Orleans, Septembler 8, 1874.
W. T. HoULToN, Fist Justice of the
Peace.
Well, what then..Will nothing In
duce the people of New Orleans to
act in the manner becoming freemen.
You have at your doors the eause of
all the effecet, felt throughout the en
tire State. When oar claims became
unbearable, we threw them off, but
nothing, no eircumstance, seems ade
quate to arouse the people of the
city to something like a definite ac
tion. This seizure of arms is de
nouanoed by the Ne Orleans press
as "an oatrage apon the people." We
do not consider theseisure as such bat,
in the submission is the disgrace. If
such a high handed measure had been
even attempted in any of the North
Louisiana parishes, they would have
acted warmly and immediately, and
that without an appeal to the sym
pathy of any one. Let New Orleans
go to work as she should, and help is
abundant. Stop the eternal greed for
office manifested too plainly by her
partizans, enter fully in the spirit of
the"White Man's movement," and
Sher cry for sympathy to us, will meet
with something like response. To
much want for pap and not enough
desire for powder, seems to be the
chief ailment. Cast it of"'
War Commenced on the Kellogg
Usurpation.
KELLOGG'S FORCES D)ElEATI').
Gen. Badger Serlousy Wounded.
Lieutenant GOrernor .T'enn'.- _ld41,
to the Peoplde of Louisiana, d,'.
New Orleans, Sept 14, 1'74,
Great excitement in consequence of
an attempt oftthe police to seize the
atuIlls of the White League. A meet.
inug of the citizens on Canal street
have just appointed a comniitteto
wait on Kellogg and demand his is.
mediate resignatioi. Will telleglg;i
again as soon as the committee r?.
ports.
I LATER.
T.port of the Comzmiittee.
The cdmmittee appointed to wait
on Kllo1g have just reported. They
say he cold not be found, but the
were mnet by Judge Dibble, who said
he was instructed to say that, while
Kellogg was always ready to receive
It deputation of peaceable citizens, he
could not receive this committee for
the reason that it was well knovw
that armed bodies of men were as
semblinig all over the city under the
White League organization, and that
he regarded these men as only their
auxiliaries, and hence declined to
meet them. Mr. Marr, on the part
of the committee, stated they were
unarmed and wished to see him in
the interest of peace and if he refused
the consequences would rest on his
head.
Conmmencemeznt of Iostilities.
New Orleans, Sept. 14.-After the
committee reported the people were
tol&tto go home get their arms and
conituence war on the Kellogg Govern
ment. About 3:30 o'clock the fight
ing commenced on the levee at the
head of Canal street between the
forces commanded respectively by
Badger and Fred Ogden. The police
were completely routed, twelve killed
and three pieces of artillery and two
caisons captured, there wet e about
four of our people killed-Fred Og
den's horse was killed under him.
Badger is mortally wounded. The
police have beef driven back at all
points, and are now in the Custom
house, State hogse and Jackson square
armory. Our troops are lying on
their arms. The United States troops,
about 200, have arrived but take no
part. They say they came to pro
tect the United States property.
Kellogj's Immediate Abdication De
oMta(IRde.
New Orlena, Sept. 14.-In response
to a call for a mass meeting on Canal
street this morning, to protest against
the seizure of private fire-arms of ci
tizens, men began to assemble about
10 o'clock, and by 11 o'clock, the
broad sidewalks of the great thorough
fare were filled for several squares.
Many stores are closed and there
seems to be a very general suspension
of business. At this hour, 12 St., ad
dresses are being delivered from the
base of the Clay statue. No distur
bance of any kind has occurred. Two
companies of United States troops
arrived this morning, and Marshal
l'ackard reports a regiment en route
from Holly Springs, blississippi, for
this city.
The meeting adopted resolutions re
questing the immediate abdication of
Gov. Kellogg, and the commitee, con
aisting of R. II. Marr, ehairnian, Jules
Quyes, Samuel C. Chopan, Samunel
Bell and J. M. Seiaxs, were appoint
ed to wait upon the Governor, and
the meeting is awaiting the report of
the committee.
Kellogg's Rc1)lN to the Committee.
New Orleans, Sept. 14.-The com
¶ mittee of five appolited by the Canal
street mass meetinog called at timhe ex
'ecutive ofkice about noon. The Gov
Sernor not being present, Brigadier
i General Dibble, ot the Governor's
I staff, reeeived the delegation. Mr.
1 Mart, as spokesman, said they had
! called as a committee to interview the
i Governor. Gen. Dibble msaid he wouldi
; convey the fact to the Governor. At
Stera brief absence he returned and
- made a reldy, which, at the request
, of Mr. Marr was reduced to writing
r as follows:
Gen. Dibble-I shave communica
ted with the Governor, and he directs
Sme to say to yone that be most decline
to receive any communication from a
committee appointed by the mass
B meeting assembled on Canal street;
hedoesso, I an instructed to say,
beeanuse he has definite and accrate
information tlhat them are. now as
msonbled several large bodies of armed
men in different parts of the city who
are met, at the call which contened
the mass meeting which you represent.
lie regards this as a menace and he will
receive noeommunication under such
t circumstances. He further directs me
Sto say that should the people assemble
· peaceably without menace he ewould
deem it one of his highest daties to
receive any ruetition addressedto the
- government. I have received an an
Sswered yon, gentlemen, as a member
of his staff.
S(8ig"ied) HaENRYC. DIBI E.
Brigadier and Judge Advocate Gen
Seral of the State military.
To which Mr. Mart formally replied
as follows:
I repeat that there are no armed
B rioters; tbere are no armed men on
SCanal street, so far as we know; we
came on a mission of peace, and we
believe that if the Governor had ac
ceded to the proposition we broaught
Sto-day which was to abdicate it would
r have pacified the people of Louisiana,
r and might o0twould have prevented
f violence or bloodshed. So far as we
are concerned, we are prepared to
Spledge him no violence in person or
L property and we feel in a p6sition, on
, the contrary, to assure him that there
should be perfect immunity to both.
The substance of the foregoing re
e ply was subsequently, by Mr. Marr's
request, redluced to writin,,, by the