?aperofthc ?nrish and City of Natebitoches
JAS. II. CQ'StROtI)E, ..Editor.
SATURDAY, - - JAN. 2(, I$r7.
EDITORIAL C('ORRESPONDENCE.
NEW O(lu.r.\.. LA.,
January 91hh, 1878.
The "chief"r' greets his dear polple
from "abroad" once nmore-.froll the
Capitol of unHiredeemned Louisianlla,
amid the iniinence of its "busilness
interests," with its native Iahlent full
fledged in the arena of LLegislatiuon,
and begs to tell thenl that all--i not
well! But first of;business, and we'll
dessert on politics.
TIADE IS ST.(;.NANT
from the fact that the failure in the
sugar crop was great. I have met
friends who are engaged in sugar
planting, and from their statemients,
the losses sustaimned by the planter,
and through him the llgar melrchant,
who advanccd neans to cultivate the
cane crop, have been beyond calcula
tion. ThIe late season of warm rains
caused the cane to continue its growth,
and when the sap ceased to flow, the
freeze came on, and hence the loss.
Molasses, however, is flowing in large
ly, and the rice yield has been hand
some, neither of which; however, can
compensate for the losses sustained
on sugar.
The city is very dull-in fact, the
stagnation in trade is the subject of
comment from all, and I must admit
that I have never seen it so flat, ex
cept during the summer season.
AMUSEMENTS
show the dullness of the times. Miss
Louise Ponrony, supported by Ford's
Baltimore Dranlatic Coinmpany, has
been playing a roend of Shakesperean e
Comedy at the Varieties, and she has
sustained her well earned reputation
as a choice reader and a careful stu- .
dent of dramatic effect. iHer Rosa
lind, in "As you like it," was a beau
tiful and artistic success. Miss Alice
Oates with her talented Comic Opera
troupe, hold the boards of the Acade- to
my of Music, and she is a charming s
favorite; drawing good houses, not- I
withstanding the scarceness of money. m
BILLIARDS fa
is represented by the Champion Cue nI
wielders of the world, and it was my al
fortune to see a game played between an
Sixton and Slosson, in which the an
former made the best average ever tic
made by any player in the world in a to
three ball game. The games were the
for $1000, 600 points, all corner shots pre
barred; three ball carrom, and Six- anm
ton's average was 31). His largest wht
runs were 182 and 136. This is some- pol
thing farther in the science than is flia
usually displayed at thie Phenix. car
THE CITY am
is bare of strangers, and hotel busi- aw
ness has been down in conseqnence. wit
However, the legislature being in ses. Sta
sion, has brought a good many of 1"4
our country people in; while tile Is
MIardi Gras festivities are promised to litm
be of unusual magnificence this year. per
Of course, tile usual mass, or rather tlhn
jam, will be here, and a;ll to seeC what w
no city in America can or does pro
ducee, save New Orleans. I
TIIE LEGISLATURE.
All eyes are turned, of course, to and
this assembly for relief, and much Can
hope is indulged in by thile people of Cp
reformatory legislation.
I ant fearfil their hopes will be
blasted in thie bud, for I canu see no
evidence of it (ion the surface. Clerks
and pages have been dug out and
their pay cnt down withl a fiendish 0]
delight, and let thenl dare scent a A
poorprinter gettinlg one cent profit age
for honest work, and tile whole body r-et
turn on him with a yell that is fairly full
startling to--the printer. Large sal
itried fellone, however, continue to
graze within the sacred preclnts of the tie
old law, and the Constitution with the
smiling indifference. The bung wastes Ila
a backet each moment, wile the ei
legislature is trying to save a diimble. ce
full at the alspiggot. Time assembly mile
LACKS TALENT V
in more ways than one, and I od of t
that if this be the assembled wisdom iml
of Louisiana, the sooner the balance W
of we poor devils are packed off to a ate
lunatic asylum, the better. per
10 eC
CONSTITUTIONAL COSVENTION. lowe
This measure is the theme of popu- eao
lar discussion, and although some of wen
the legislators have had cause to mile.
change their minds since coming here,
I am proud to say I am of my origi- mi
nal opinion. I am at a loss to under- aeto
stanm what reasons shook the faith a r
and ehauged the views of thIe country age e
members. I have listened patiently Pe
to every argument of thie "opposers," NE
and I have succesfully met them. Senal
It seems that the whole matter is and
misunderstood by our ftiends here, jrIt
and as time passes, thie country mea- and .
bers recover their poise, and the so. ty di
her eonvietlon is forced home, that s3on;
nothing short of the Convention will e
be productive of beaeft to the mate. MA
rial Interest of the State, and satisfy ate ai
publio opinion, meml
TI Hous0118E Is
is ready to pasa the measure at once, and S
and the feeling/is being strengthened age 2
every day in that body, while Tbh
THE SENATE ilr si
holds Iback and presents serious gre.
ldoubs about our being able to carry $3 am
the Sltate, &e. We trust those who
S are the old readers of the V\DICx.\
Toul see the point in this dilfference
between our l'gidslitive bodies. One
itochCe half the nenibers of the Senate hold
- - over for two years more, while all the
ditor. oul!se go out this year. See it
A large number of Influcntial citi
zeri front the co(untry are constantly
WoE. coming in, and wilh each arrival we
have solid lretiits to the Constitu
tional Convlentllionl; and they, of
comerse, exert it powerful inflilenci on
eol theii imniediate friends in the Ilhose
Sthe andl Senate. Capt. Jetlries and Col.
i ' \ii s, from ii pi hlides, Col. Mlorlison,
from Caddo, Mr. Tlool, foln La
u illche, Col. Caiinplielle, fromr ('ou
i coldia, and a large number of others
ilt a here, and they are getitlt
a hose opinions will be consulted andil
heediled. Thliey are all for the Coii
vention, anid are exerting ai great in
in thie fliuce in behalll of ti e people.
,iet iTIlE OI(JECTIONS
u to the Convention, (and I might say.
lents, ,lln pssant, that all agrlee as to tihe
iilter, ll'ritive nlecessity of gi eat clihanges
hant, in the organic law of our State) are I
e the t lie siiiiiiiled up as follows:
cIla- lt. Cost.
raiis 2nd. Fear we niight not secure the
iwth proper talent iii the Conlivention.
the t3d. Political excitement would
loss. again spring up andl the "peace era
"" be I L turbied, andll
and- 4ih and list, (strange to say) a
,can fear we might lose the State.
lincd It will readily be seen that in all q
these rcsouns(!) for opposinig a Coii
, the stitutilonal Cionveliition, there is not i
et one cogent eiiongh to stand alone. h
Ilinit We are poor, 'tis trne, but with an
ex- honest Constitution we could qare a
mnillion per year in direct tax9lion; Ct
and this saiinlg for one year, to say
Hs nothing of it for 4, 5 or JO, settles it
la'sthe "cost question."
has Better men will be nominated and "'
rean elected to the Convention, because its
has objects are of a higher order, and
genitlemen with especial fitness for p(
stu- the service will be chosen-in other
isa- words the talent of the Convention tl
an- will rank above the present Assem
bly by many degrees. be
iCra Political excitement is as necessary an
to a Republic as a volcano is to the iii
ing seething centre of our earth. Seuti
lot- iuent mlist ehbulite. The patinot do
eC. must take an interest in publie af
fairs, else lie must turn the govern- td
one ment over to the machine politician, pre
my and we all know what that mieans
en and where it ends. Only dreamers (
the and fools talk of a desire for a cessa- tio
per tion of politics-they are necessary fir
a to a representative government for
're the protection of our liberty and
ors property, and we are dispoiled of one Til
x- and plundered of the othlier, only thin
st wheni we cease to take interest in ace
e politics. Now, reason No. 4 is too wh
is fliimsey to comnlment oni. If we could thli
cariiy Louisi;iiai with the I'Fderal
armly stationed at every box to over
iiawe Ius anld emnboldlen our enemies; fli
withl the whole Iiachinery of the end
SState governmenlt in the hands of the
of Raldicals who knew Ihow to, and didl
ie use it. I say if we fought these po- rigli
t litical biattles and gained thliei, ihat ,
r. perfect idiotcy must it be to suppllose k
er that with all these things reversed idei
at we could fail. inte
CONCLUSION. zil
I might write pages o1 the sulbject re t
and bIe of interest in every line, hut real
thle Bart Able, yon know is on time, o!ci
O and won't wait. Sllohe goes thlrongl
Cane river this trip, and I know wri
Capt. Dick will receive, as hlie certain- sup
ly deserves, an ovation. vote
C thiiit
J. IuII.
S Legislative Expenses. Ittin
OF VARIOUS STATES OF TIlE L'UION. cons
a A compiled statement of the mile- gray
age anid per diem received lby 1Cnie- gove
bers of the Legislatures in the dilte- pels
Y rent States of the Union, lumakes the be a
y following showing : ng
VlnGINIA-Plesideint of the Senate
receives $90(0 for the regnilar session
Sand $400 for the extra session, alid
c the Speaker the same compensation ; t!e S
a the Inmembers receive $5-10 foir the reg- Sai
I ular session and $240 for the extra "9
sessions. The mileage alloedl is 10 Istral
cents Iier nimle. aseg
- VEsT VIRGINIA-Per diem, $3; no et
nailenage, 10 cents per mile. has II
V~uSloNT.-Per diem of President 'Y
of thle Senate anld Spelaker, $4; ot distli
menmbers, $2; mileage, 10 cents per Have
mile. "H
WiVscosr~.- President of the Sen. nor,
ate $700 per anlnuin ; S!peaker $350 oil aI
per ainnai ; iiiembeis 3350 ; lmilenge aroni
10 cents per mile. No mileage al- iallk
lowed contestants. way
SouTn CAROLINA.-Priesident of tlhe
Senate and Speaker $10 per day, and
Fmemlbers $6; mileage 20 cents per Wi
mile. and I
TENENESSEE.-Presidlent of tle Sen.geat
it.e iand Speaker $450 per se.ssionl engro
memihers $300 per session ; milelge crowd
actual expenses. 8018.
IRnoDE ISLAND.-Perdiem $1 ; mile that
age 8 cents per mile. book
PESNNTSYLVANIA. -Per diem $1000 new5[
per session. was tl
NElw HAMPsHIRE.-President of the IIIC iW
Senate and Speakler $350 per day, doubt'
and members $3; mileage 10cents but 11
per mile. the mi
NEW JERsEY.-President of Senate thl0o0
and Speaker 84 per diem for first for- carrie
tyv days, and $2 for remainder of ses- vote, i
sion; menlbere $3 for first forty days, im
and $1 50 for remainder. Mileage 'l and tt
per ten miles. at one
MASAcnHUSETTS..-President of Sen- flia8 (
ate and Speaker $000 per session, and "Is 1
mnembesI;j00. Mileage 20 cents per the rei
mile. appar
MissotnR.-Per diem of President "Of
and Speaker $4, of nembers $2. Mile- face th
age 20 cents per mile. the pal
There are as many more States not "Th
included in this list which make sin- less of
ilar showing as to per diem and mile- "He
age. The averagA per diem is about said a
*3 and the mileage 12c. per mile. ferry n
Ise who TILDEN ON THE WING.
slc.\- The Great Candidate Holds an Iuter
terence view oil Broadway--A Poor Prospect
One for Ilayes-"Uncle Samn" Still Hopes
to hold and Hankers, and Will Push His
all the Claim.
[New York li erahll.]
it chii- It was past the hour of htiglh noon
stantly3 esterdlay, and tie Tainity clhimnes
were about to recall the denizens of
al we Wall street to their midday cheer,
nstit- whlen the isual trong of bankers,
,y, of irokers, railway presidentls, directors
licce on eid 01oee s u Iilr a'ifletly bulllt Ilresaing
Iy mIade its way toward the telminiis
loie of the horse calr onl the gridiron plane
S(Co. thatil disfigullres the opeInin frolt of
iison, the lhraltl ollice. Quietly anid iaolb.
iLa- tlSively amoling the throing walked
the late l)eniclra'tic andlidliiate for
(lou- 'residenit of the Uniited States Sain'l
others J. Tilden. lie was jostled at aidil
lemei trod til uponi-walkiiing slowly as lie did
d ll --by the nilll el(nergetic 1l.mass of
yoting Amlerica that iioved onward
Coi- round and alout himu ind-that dil
at i- not know him. I)resse'd in a very
ordli;nary blue chinchilla overcoat,
allbeit he wore a Pairisian hat, tihe
brilil being consider'ably more curled
it say than the New York fall style of the
o the season allows, lie was the timost Inll
a11ies observed of all Ilhat trottedil along the
are ;pavetiits of thlie east side of iroad
waiy. 110 ceurtainly would have re
miiieitl Iuniliobserved but for the alc
cidlceiiltl recgnitioil on ll the ipart of aI
c the geiitlonian who had known the Ex
Governor of tihe Stalte of New York
iiillg his teniioriry residenCI e iat
.vould lbany. Witlh an eye ialwaysl to the
erl' Windward tl'he Ex-Governol'lir wals not
iii the least aistonislied when address
ca d by this gentileliin, anld it once
entered into a spilited coniiver'altiionI
with hinm, coIilieniencilg withl the ii
in all l ''(uir: '(vel'or, how do you feel V"
Con- "Never felt better in I1y lite," res.
Slinoiuided Mr. Tilden. I1is tappearance,
t indicated that he was coniintilticatlive
lone. in an inusual degree.
Ii an AN OIPINION 01F IIAYEV,.
rIe a "What do you thilik, Governor," 1'
ion; continlued his in letlocutor, "of the s
iiay policy President Ha;yes is pulrsuing ?" s
"I thin k hie is chilling the fanaticisim 0
ttles in the lRepublican party." II
"Is he blea;lking up the party in L
lanid your opinioiiiin " b
e its ''lie will have no party very soon," It
relplied Mr. Tilden ; "Ihe will in thre'e d
and years frol nlow hlave no 0more sup- t
for port than a corporal's guardl." dl
ther "Thien you think, Governor Tilden, s;
ion that lie will alienate from his supportI hi
both Demiocrats and Republihecan f" h
Ln1I- "I think so. The South appjiears to de
be disposed to pat him oin the back tii
ry and iurge hi tm forward in his work of pi
reconciliatioll, but will they stand by cti
the im ?"
Iuti- "What do you suppose they will smI
I iot do. Governor ?" 9i
af . Well, I sIppose they will do as wl
they always did, support none but a th
true-blooded Democrat that will re fie
fan, present them."
e THE SOUTHERN TRIP, ti
iere "l'hen you think that these ova- ed
san- tionls to President lHayes in the dif. ar
ary ferent Southern States were assumed e
tfo[or a purpose ? Were insincere, in
f, ct ?"
,"It was all humnbug," replied 4Mr. ke
me Tilden, witllh emphasis. "It c;in't Ie l
ly tlhat these Southellrn Demllocriats will lie
accept i1n Admilinislarllioll whlich theyC X
mIlust kliow is folIlunded lon fraulld land
too whIichi is lelubliclan in spite ef every
i thing."
;ral "lBut theyd lih nccelt it, Mr. Tileun.Y Cob
kr,ow the plreseilt Adrninistration is
;falling to pieces, aliid wlherle it will
le end heavlen only iknows."
lie .. 'TILEN WILL CONTEST.
id ")o 'yotin 3 i'plrpoie iilosecuttirg your
o- right lo tie Presidllential chair .
at ''Cerltalinlly, I do" ainiswredl Mr.
Tilden, spiritedly Tihet countryl
Sknows tllhat I wits legally electedl PIle.i
ed idcllt nld this Anierican icop'le is too pitr
intelhliget to florget tllhat ine glaring pit,
nllid plararonliit fact. On tlhat fact hot
tlie ve'ry folluidations of the Republic lint
ct rest. Ifthe voice ofa nltioll Ie nlot ttt
ut realized ill the srioits question of thri
, e!ectilng its slprenie irller, thliln iol to l
hIliy ciilcullate on bitterness of feeliing com
that will not be assuaged until the o
" wrolng is righted. The people who i
- Isuppiorted mo feel to day that their Cou
voles were given in v"iln. They feel ly ii
tllit tiliey imighlt as well ihave cast lorv
tlheir stiffnirages for a dlnny, allndl tlhey l"
unlmtber so large a plortiou of the polU- it is
hIation of the whole coulitry tlhat it is th
an unwise exlleirii'eit, it is oh little ti
consequence but I tell you one of thile il
g- gravest principles in i'elresentative ant
I goveriinent is irolvedtl, and if the
- peolhe do niot see to it the matter will
ie be a subject for deep regret to coin
ing geierations" At
iCe it tht
A PAI'iTY (OIN'Go TO I'IECE. ,
d lWhant do you think of the action ,of ter o
Sthe! Seniate in the case of the Southernr Ieni
:- Senatlo's ?" To
a "We\\ll, as I sanid bIefore, the AdlUiD- W 0:
0 rslllicat ion and lhe Relyiublican party tIe II
ale goinig ito pieces. lMr. lHayes s and I
in color andil tihe Republican party over
hius Io policy."
t "You appealr, Governor, to feel athey
I distrust of the Southern support of age F
r ifaves ?"
'"lumtbug," responded the Glover N
uort, s(,ntentiously: "'yoU CAl't lix
[ oil and water,l'," and then lie looked
a airounlid, saw whlat astonishled him and
walked briskly off, entered a Broad
way stage and drove up town,
WHIIAT ASTONISIi:D UNCI.E 8AM.
When the great candidate halted
and began hiis olnverisation w'ilh Itlhe
gentleman who haId kept his attention Bi
engrlossed, it was iot long before a
crowd assembled of at least 500 per- r o
sons. The wold hiad passed arodnd
tlhat tlhe elderly gentleman with a Plows
book under his arms and a bundle of Mal
newspapers sticking out lof hia pocket CARl
was the notable Sammy Tilden. Peo
ple whlo hlad never seenl him before
doubted the report anid laughled at it,
but they were soon convuinced tlhat Rat
the man who hand created so much stir tiot, a
tlhIonghout the contlry and who had L(
carried thie nmajosity of the popular
vote, if not of the various States with Sho0
himr was actually before them, then
and there. The Herald steps were .an,
at once filled with an incongrunous
mass of people.
"Is this really Uncle Samin" was
the remark of a quiet old gentleman,
apparently from Brooklyn. one
"Of course hie is; can't you see the
face they had on the banners andin pais
the papers every-where a year ago !" Hor
"That's him," said another, regard- years
less of grammar. Al
"He is a nice old man, anyhow," Blackl
said an aged lady on her way to the
ferry with her grandson. Jan.
"Per'laps he is, I;It we ar0e better
uter. off withoiut tim ijinst now," said a clerk
fionr one of the nieighboring stores.
spet AN ALERT rr I.I'E.1IN.
lopeBs By this time a sthrill whistle was
His Ieard. It was that of the policeman
on the heiat, whllo, f;earing the congrel -
gation of a moll, hall whistled for as
sistance',. It was really difticult to
non l move along the si5t1walk at case at
itls the time, Ithe crowd alwayIs nmIIIerousii
us of at this pai;rtictulhr j unction of tbe street
leer, halinig aindil occtyinvhg such positions
k iers, as would have ('used at dozeni "coils"
tors to draw their clubs as a iiaitter of
;in;g- prec1':itiot. "The boyis,'" typical of
1i1 New York life, with their lperitineniit
lane looks and inpliertinent remli enarks, tori
t of edl a circle around the ExGovernllor
ioub nd his il terviewecr befo.tre tlhey were
Iked iware t the fact, and with thait de
for teraitned visage peenliair to t lhie New
am'I Yoirk qainl, they wouldi have lbeen
ad only tot glad to hIave giveni "Old
; Sl i ni; itty" a ti'einendols tiger if 'ust at
Sof tlie tie Ili he policemian's rcinforce -
lird Ielts hllad not (1, 1 ii Jº ;i1i1d cileared
dill the crowd from the sidewalks. It
. was then and thlen only l that Mr. Til.
ioat, den saw the crowd tlhat had gatihered
the around him. lie went like a shot.
led 1
the The Suppressed Land Law.
till
S'. C). T'inlws.
1(- Our strictures on the lanid oftice anild
re- its chtif for the ilniexplaindl slpcs
ae- sitll of the liaw of last yealr, iluttitng
Ex tie public lands of this Stiate again
Ex- i nmarkct, hiave elicited a respnllse,
Irk lullishcd elsewhllere, which, aftier
at railsinig Cmliiiissi r Williatslln lit
gteat leigt, anl dilaling t.uthnllye
ot lpo iicomnipetent lautl llicials in the I
SIpast, gets iidown to the narrow of the 1'
et issue, and says the explilnation is 11
inn found in the fact that Conglll'ess did
i' not appi)ruriate iMon-ey enough to put
the law into exen tin . 1
Cs Is this collect ? Last March Cion
gie less aippoprtiated tenll t hotiiand dol.,
Ive lI to put this law illnto executionll illn
the live States of Ahlabina, Louisialit,
Mississippi, Florida and Arkanisas, to I
r," which it apllplies. In adilitionu to this, ii
ht such turither stiln s lis ighit be ieces
" sarly to pay tflr all thie proclamations at
stm of pullblic sales were allpropriatedl.
Have two thouisand dollars, which is ,
ll iS)liJ tlllils s shallt of this alniotunllt, ~
been splent here I Is it not an admit- ill
i," ted fact that nlot a cent has been tlp
e ldevoted to oiur State I Is it not ito
p- torious that thlie whole ten tihousand
dollars have beeni devoted to At kan- wI
, sas, 8 i here the public hilidl ale now ]
hit beiig sold at auction I Will ally.
f" body rise aiid say that two thousand i
to dlohlis, in aldition to the proclama- ii
ck tions, would not put more of the
of pine lands of St. T'alllntiy and Cal- tiI
ay casite into market than our logien bItl
wouldhi wisli to buy l lad Coniuis
ill soiier WilliaiusoiI dlline his lulty and
given us justlice, 1imin1y of our people,
1s who lie now in distress, would be li
a the owners of the governluent lairds ýINt
a from which the logs were cut.
On its Lace there is a land job in kiti
this business. Here is the law pass- 'l
ed a 'year ago last Julie, andI tihe lands ith
are kept back nine Inmoths on the
Jiretext that tlan al Proprtatiot is ieed
ed. Last ,\Iarlch atll apllrolpriation
was made, aind still the lands are
r Iept back, while the appriopriation is
eall beinlg used elsewhere. In tie
I ieanlitilie, Secretary Schuriiz is ex
ex peniIltg illr(e t; lhan thIo lanlds arCe
w1 lth ill keeping uip a swarml of tilt)
ber igentsi \
Cotlon Rl(ceiplts-
/it'eeiv'-d lrtevhosly, 4,432 bales.
S " during ithe week 313 "
Total 4,655
Among the )Dead Failures.
Of the Ipast, horw nliiiy IbIlogls nost'IIIS assI
linty bI nIt lilirrel! I gililit g their ca- 5
hris, bhizotied thr a tiie in the phbliii' 0
rin~', t n oil ttiztgii post.irst, oo0, hit Lanii
not toll soolli, were they rle;gated to thle vcr
lhnllltt f tlhiitgs lost oit carth. ilut ltos- our
tett-r's Stiontch litteis is a liviiig and
tlhl'ivhig rcntedly. It goes oi, Clnring lld
to cllre. N'chiahr Illldlhlliad lior iopell t a
conilletitioln iffect.I, it. OtI the ('coiirtil', rate
colltriast with illferiotr rivail ltreparations
olnly ilc'lleases its poloillrity. It hles been
rcepcattdly ilitatedl, w.itliit ,cca- is 1lt
CO(llmnterfeits of it lihve hctIi surreptitiolns- SoL
ly iittrohlneill, 1,blit Ihave flnhii tlat. Ev *"ti
erywlicre it elntriuches itself'itl the colili
dence oft tihe Iteolc ; inl well it may, for by I
it is a tlorioigily reliable ilvig"rant of
the feeble, banilish dlwplpship ani(Id coll
stilpatiol, brlt'cce the nerves, cinres rlhietll
niatic tilnielts and kilneiy complaints, hi
aldl cradicates anlid revcints intrninittent miss
andt remnittcnit fevers. tpli
sirilli
liarrled. suic
At the resitdence of the Pritle's father, mnik
in this parish, Jan. 14th, 1878, Mr. l'A1lp MA
Cuor'r to Miss Co . HEN It.IY, dlaugh- ti
ter of o(lr esteemed fellow.citizeun Joscllh
Henry, Esq.
To our young land hliantilsonlme frieiuds -
we extend a hearty congratulation, with
tle hope that the gettle breezes of loive
and happiness may safely waft their bark I
over the nuttrnimonial sea upon which
they have just embarked, and their voy.- ii
age he pleasant antid prosperons. of tl
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
LITTLEJOHN & WARE,
WHEEL WRIGHTS
S-AND
BLACK SMITHS.
flO all kindls of repairing to Wagons,
SCarriages, Buggies-Ilay and make
Plows and work in iron in all lines.
Make the building of
CARTS, DRAYS, WAGONS & BUGGIES
A SPECIALITY.
Rates and terms furnished on applica
tion, and as
LOW AS THE LOWEST.
Shop on 8d STREET,
NATCIIITOCHES, LA.
Jan. 19-Iy.
FOR SALE.
A FINE blooded STALLION
can be bought cheap. The
owner is a resident of Vernon
parish, and the Horse is too fine for that
section, hence his reason for selling.
Horse-sixteen hands high; eight
years old, dark bay, solid color.
Apply to C. BRAY, Esq.,
Blackland Cottage P. 0, Vernon Ph. La.,
Or to Vindicator Office.
Jan. 10-6t or tt.
,7 GVEGETINE.
An Excellent Medicine.
S FIprinli.hl. Cr., Feb.. -_, I7.
This li fa certir'y Ihal I hant uasd \','rfine,
II1 Ulaln ltlil'red hV" 11. HI:. stvens. 1iustnh M.s.
fo. r tlhnatiauI iini (;.'n.cle 'lPrsractiotll of the.
Nelsr'ots Syi'vte'll wit! lol r lnd .,ecess. I e'llnt
Itl \mend 'eieline as an ex'ellchnt [ldici('ne for
to su(IC conltplaitI s.
t l itls verlv trleJ V.
('. W. \'ANIllIIFT.
US I n. 1l'lalerif't. lIl' the firm of l nt,l.il.egrift &
hlltlitii:ll. is ni welli l tnlw lusissi Iane in this
l'e, ha:ving itne of the largt'. .st stores in lSpring.
US field. (.
of Our Miniptr', Wife.
of L.ll isville. K%., Iub. IlT. I?-77.
Mi;. i'. h. S'ru vs.
It L' I nh-ir.-'l't ee i t'11 r :sl't ,, [ct I .tlll's site'in l
l terribly with inllhrnm cfr% P.hnualtinim. (hn"
) ? lu i tis t e r ' , w i fi . td v is e d m 'e -t ( .af , . VI, . t in e .
:i 3ter tal.'in one hottlh. I as o rit 'el. relitvedl.
1 This year. fetlins, rettrn f ithy' di.seasc, I
a(. riain conmteniced taking it, allt amti .eing bune
fitted gr'eatly. It also greallly ltrpvesli lly di
I restioll. ltespetfilly.
lf .1is. A.. It I AiD).
Iull West eJefrtersonl Street.
Safe and Sure.
M!r. IT. R. STEV ENS.
( I It 1" 1 111vu'r \'eetillo was reCeronlmelinltdle toc
me: and. yielding to i rt per"s1nsiot o'a fried. i.
Ieo(isented to try it. At tihe time I was ilf
fee'lnlt frontl ;lenh eralt debilit and nervIii us proit-.
Stratin, s1tperindieed by -i"rwork and irre_º.
lar habits. Its woidelrfil  stren.gthenling atnid
,n'rativi' prol)perties w',inecd to Ialt'e'et m+ l Ie.
hiliitateld Vsteit frotIlll lthe fiTrst dose: and iHiler
its pters.istent 3 1e I rapidly reoverdl. gainin h
Morelle' th:nl 1sal health nlld tgccd f'ee'liclg. ~Sincei
then I ha:vc. nut hesitated to give\' Ve'.. tilne yi
lunost ulqilualified ilndorseIllent its being a Asti'l, t
sure3'. and Iwe'lrful :l,_en'lt in prtclllilnt heailth
( a nld Ie'lstll.il the l'waslted scstlclie to IIne'W life, :ind
e i'erI^y. e'tgetine is the only ,'1 diile I luse',
anlld as l ong as I live I nlieve.r e.xl'e(t to ftid it
n better.
i Yours trilly, W. 11. ('L.\ IlK,
1NO M.luntertly Street. All,.altany, Penun.
t Vegetine.
SThe ftlhwinhug littr from ,r;. ;. W..lfas
'field. fit ,nerly :!sti r of theI. M,.thodl i.t 1':pi-e'.
pIl (ihurch,. hI.lye Plark.- nut ain trlint se'ttled
Il 1.,)W1.ll. mi,,sti conin\·'lc ' i', t'er V on lttl who rI'tciid .
his iletter of the wonleirfuiil e'i:tive qualities of
1'ett i lu' s a t1horongh ' leti3lse' ,, lillt lieri" of
tlit Ilood.
Hyde Park. Mass., Feb. 1. 176. tl
Mr. I. R. Stetven.s :- -
]hear Sir.--.About ten years ol7 rit ell" ilth I
failed tlle the iltidep letl ig e'lles ' of' d\ysp l - ecI
sil: nerlyv v year later I was attitl.kedl 'y tIV
phlitd fte,'er ilc" ts wollst l1rn1. It settlled ihi rue
cail'k iand tlook the forli oft a hai.g'e dheep-seOatii 11
allscee.ss, wlhich' was fiftreili Inollniths 1 1 galthllrig.
I had two surlllgic:al operationlis Iby the lIst skill fe
lin the Statei , hlltt 1rc.' iveicc no ,pe'rllllicIell, t clrel.
I sultffered I,'telit lainl t tille.'lr, andi was coi l . i.
Sttatly wl'eakened lvi a profuic lise disl'arge. I j 1
also iust .33111al pieces of c'I,1te lit dilti rni t times. Ill
lMatters'lt el il i thus cItut seven veItrs, till
Matv, Ip74. alien a fritl-e1 rlc'vomenlldelitie cl, to )
geo to yoilr Ilfisc,, and talk with ,ii of the vhi.'
tliu of V1'e't ilie'. I did so, allt by your' kilnd. ll
Iless passetd h'tlhuogh Vorl' l anillactoiry., noting li
the lngrieldint.s, &e., by which your imtnedy is to
lrlel ner'l. "
BIY" what I saw and heard I r airineld somle con
filc'llce in 'egc'tinle. e
I colltlnCrret'l1 t1aking it 5sleon afterl, ,lt feilt to
worse fromi its teffects: still I perse'veredl, a;nol to
so feil'It it was benlititting Ie il olther respects. 't")
Yet. I did 3ot Isee tIhe rIesults I dlesiredl till I
had takenl it faithfullyv fr it little boe,1 tlhan a Il
'ear. whenl the difticolty in the' back was eaire'd :
nd fce r ninle lontihs I have eCljotied the best of N(
hlcaltlh.
I have in that tihnie gained twent.ft-ve p, ,ndu i
tf flesh. , bilng heavier than everr Icefolre in myll'
lit. a lil I was lneve'r more able to pierfcrm la.
ber than now.
D)llring the past few wee'ks I had a scrofllou
iwellineg as large as uy fist gatlher oil another
pa'I t f ro3' h1otly.
I took V'igetijle faithfully, and it ren.vedl it
lehvel with tiihe sulrfacet il i lt moutllh. I tlhink I be
should hllave beenl curedic of oic 31ain troullble
esooner if I had taken larger doses, after havilin
becoone alccuistomed to its effects.
Let yloulr patrons trolbled with scrofnlfa or t
kidney diseasel undelrstand that it takes time to Irte
cret' ehllrclic tlisersses: allod, if they will patient Pill
Iv take Vegetine, it will, in il3y judgmenut, cure bel
thelni.
Yours very truly,
(G. W. M.ANSFIELI,.
IPastor of th1e Metlholist ).lpi.scopal Clhur h. '
VEGETINE 1
PI' lEITED Il ee
R. H. SIEVI'S, BOSI'O, MaSS.
"Lefetine is Soli Iy All r Drugists.
V IND1CATOR
LAND AGENCY.
I'N ord r to supply "i want long felt in
tiis section, we have concluded to
assume the Lusiness of
Selling and Leasing Lands.
e Our facilities are hetter than ordinary
t Land Agents--for we propose to ad
e veirtis: all bluds, tenemients, &e., left in
oar charge for
SALE OR RENT,
at a small advance on the usual Agents
rates; besides which a
Monthly Land Bulletin
is in contemplation, and will be issued as
s~oou as suticient busiless is on hand to
-justify it.
Parties desiring to dispose of Lands,
by Luase, Rent or Sale, will address
Vindicator Land Agency,
Natchitoches, La. P. 0. Box 120.
TERMS:-For advertising and com
mission, will bo furnished promptly on
application.
Information fnrnished to parties de
siring to rent, lease or purchase, and
such Iparties are especially invited to
make application at all times.
MAt's ANDl luEscutrrioNs can be had at
all tiles for a small fee.
J. 11. COSGROVE,
Pro. VINsxuc.roi, N'atclhitoches, La.
Jan. 19-1y.
--------------------------------------
FHlE public generally are invited to
' attend the grand entertaniment to j
be given March 4th, 1878, by the "Catho
lie Ladies' Aid Society," for the benefit
of the Catholic Cemetery and Church
A magnificent supper will be the princi
pal feature.
Jan. 19-tf.
NOTICE. L
ALL persons, holding City Warrants
outstanding against the City of Natch
itoches, are hereby required to have the
same re-registered within the next sixty t
days from the publication hereof.
JNO. LAPLACE, '
Jan '78 19-tf City Treasurer. S
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
'Cha's. Hamlin vs. W. W. Jones.
Parish Court, No. J674.
BY virtue of a writ of Fi. Fa. issued in
the above entitled and nnmhered
suit and to mle directed, I have seized and
will offer for sale to the last and highest
bidder at the door of the Court House,
in the parish of Natchitoches, on
Saturday, the 2d day of ,March, 1878,
A tract of land situated in the parish
of Natchitoches, and described as fol
lows, to-wit:
Beginining at the northwest corner of
section No. 18, Township No. 9, Range
No. 9,'thence tast (20) twenty Chains,
thence south (200) two hundred Chains
between parallel lines, containing (100)
,ne hundred acres.
Also the northwest quarter of north
east quarter of Secton No. 18, Township
No. 9, Range No. 9, west, containing (40)
forty acres.
Terms of Sale.
CASH--with the benefit of apprasoment.
D. H. BOULLT, Jui.
Jan. 20-tdr, Sheriff.
BY C. E. (JIRARIE'.
EXTENSIVE AND VEIRY VALUAILE
School and Con\vent Property in the to\wnl
? a 7 l. tt parish of Natchit 'ches, La., with a
:tin. la'. tract of land hI hly illproved
n 1d adilira1lyv adopted flr an itstitl
r tlion of I nhli liliy. eduen ional vs
e for ;labli mntlllll.lt, hotel or ' f1arm : lad resi
d lice Cnlllli.ed, ol eashy te'llS IId long11 1
credit.
ri ) Y C'. 1'. ('a l. I-DEY, Aus ti,, ,er-I ):'
Stis ) lt No 31 ':llp st.'1 r}) - ,ilafllrdly,
:riii' Feb. 11, 1 7S, at 12 W'vl,.k. MI, at Iwh.
St. ('halrbs Auctioni 1I.i.hange. in the rn
tlullh l f tht St. (Charlel s litel. ill tilhe city
of New {thllals, will lpo! itively lhe ,1.h atll
l. . li "ii 1 .111,ii t -
i4 TIIHAT l IANINSOM E AN) I:EX 'IN
r si\.ely illlpril'cd rollr t \i'yrt , ,itluatnt. rill;
minO' River, aild exteniding btick tfosil\'r
I'r i Lake, in thl, town .iiil pl arish ollf Nathli-ý
it,.. tochns. La., .liitil latllvy cii pii d andul oit W
(IV di- ed yll the Ladies ofl tIhe S:.ltre1d Halrt.
It was forleli rly kilowi . tllhi e It shilttC
of the late l)r'. .l llnles Tayhlort. '1'l l tract I
ionttailis aout 2i110 a'2('cl,more or less, as
pli' plan and sketch, wh-ith will he exhli
itled ait isalet. A Iortlili of' the liand is
' t'l' , tin t d il l ti r will ine' , ashl, etc., iand
i ll itt. rpesledI btsl 1)v l'Ullltllni Ml'1llini dilnl n  '
S f- a'll.4 spt il s of excellent \vat er,
o' IThe' improveillictncts thereon are a exll -
,,l= Sivr ai ld ,11 nlstanii:slly huill thi1"e stto
ie. hr brick ellificv, conveil ilntly arrai;eid,!
itl'r with lalrgei' lleriesi wide hall' a iry and
funng well v t ih atlcitl apartments aitiutidiln, i-ic
o Ot li. co l lititis O tt l othil lilgs, tland i all t ihe e
enitth s.qlri('s and iltle lpl 'dinilt'es.o f tirst-classl
5 h', lllr llll i', i lrrifi l hii so iron llillli ( 11. ti i
t n e iti atiaoal establishiment.
I la tfle grogals l rrill onig th, hlinteivlillgs
,r illxantil l i shaded and haive hell in
:t high state of cunlltivatioi, with fr'its,
un.l tiwers arid regatables.
The pJrot, IIrlt is ,xceedlingl plieturesn-q le
iand located ini ol' of th.' ilOst aristocra
tie and lhealt lr H1y riarlhes d"( tle Sta tll,
lina The Ibuihlhigs ar e- ectrcd ill an emii
lef li( ' cOllIl ilintl lt g at ci panstiive vJi, w oft
len the Iu:iYtiful town and anlr'oudinhgs of
is it Ntchituhelts.
e ll Corpolrations ior religiots soit'i'9s i
76 lli est of in e alallisihliint tor an institlite,
of plitlihie ntlility ell u:ltional or hygileni
" lth p o'ros, will find 111( lnmore complete
el- oir coblihiitlittg greater atlvdintages.
' t The in lilt 'ly is equally delirable as a
iatll u naguiliceit riesid'en' e, lfrin or hotel.
l Tei 'l'ntl id coallitions - Oneii-fifth Inr one t
kill frint h cash, and the halalice fromt onle to
five years, credit. at the opltion l ftll ' i hetir
cll chaserl, ill notes of l iiunal anlnual install
n llellts, leallring all tlhe I(1io cllateis of f;
, till er lllt per II1iiiii111 interest 'nl ret' t, 1(nd
,i t per cent. per atniuil evclitual interest,
ill iad sctir'ed by liol'tltgage :t ilad veldor's
Cig lio i i lrolilety sold, the 5 per Iceit at.
Sis tolite3's teis ill Ciase the toles given ill
S layllnk shitlihl ihave tio be sued upoill to T
enforce collection, indl the iniprovernents
flt to be klept ilisirld for a sum satisf;ictory
ind to the vendir, and tralstisr lthe policy.
t The llpurcihaser to assume th , taxes paya
hi abie it 1878 over the price.
ed: Act of sale hetitre Octave l)'Arnias, Esq.
t Notary Public, at the expense of thei plr
nds chaser. Jdun 26-4t $17.21. I.
SUCCESSION SALE. l
COC
i Succession of Francois iTalin. fo
her Y virtue of an order of the lion. Pat l
lit j ish Court of Nuatcehiti'hes there will si
k I be offered for sale at public tauction, on pl
W Wednesday, February 27, 1878, es
Sat the late residencee of the deceased Co
to near the city of Natchitoches, in this
nt. Parish. the following lmovabe prloperty ol
Ile belonging to said succession, to-wit:
3 Oxen.
1 1'agon.
2 Ox Yokes.
1 Set plow gear.
2 tles of (C'otton, mtore or less, in the
seed. for
1 lblack Horse. tfu
Axes. fi
1 SI ou)ile arreltled .shot giul.
. Also uthe ti.lihwit! r'al e.state, to wit:
A certain tract of land situatd in the
Parish of Nittchiii tohes, ;iuutit olie mile
northi of th"e city of alniitolhs, con.
thihing fortl-one '7-19t aces and repre
- seniteil oil palat of't si lvl''y IihliI with a
p'oces verbal of sale in tllhe Sinecession ofA
bounideld o the east luy ilot No. 1 tof said
* plat Ii'higing to Angostilt RiintiiUes, and
west by oht Noi. 3, belitging to lohn inll a
SE. ~t. Aiti liifirhlniimtle, itcqire'd by tht,
o deceased e t sill; ccii iSll'iesiil sale iof J. 1.
Prudhotnne, made on tIh 7th day of
Noveniber, 17'.
Terms of iJule. Wi1
' CASH on thi e sloft.
I- J. C. TRICIIHL,
l ail 20.-tts. Adininsiitrator.
NOTICE,. -
EOPOLD CASPARI. administrator of r
the succession of Chailes Mclaltnl, it
deceased, htavinlg filed, in tihe Clerk's of t
lice his final accounit of admlinistration cit
Soif salid sllccessoll with lls petlition prly
o ing tot tihe holitologatioin of the same at
Notice is hereby given to all persims int.
terested to show talise within tell days,
from the date ltereof, why the sini C
should not be honologated according too
haw.
P. A. SIlMMONS,
S Jan 26 -2t. Parish Jdge. CA
NOTICE.
Succeession of Lesta n Prudhommle.
DIERRE SERDOT PIIUDHOMME hay
iung applied for the adnlinistration of
the succession of Lestai Prudhiomnie,
deceased Notice is hereby give toi all
whomt it nanty concerni to show causeLB
withinl tcl days, whily his application
should no be granited. t
P. A. SIMMONS, and
Jan. 26-2t. Parish Jludge. est i
_______ flin th
SHERIFF'S SALE.
Jas. Ii iltenberger & Co, vs. Mrs. Mar-te
Scelite Triehell. he
District Court No. 8035. ptA
Y virtue of an alias writ of Fi. Fa. drei
issned in the above entitled and benI
numbered suit and to ame directed, I r
have seized and will other for sale to the rantg
last and highest bidder t the door of the Th
Court House, it the city ant d parish of slouth
NNatchitoches, on ship
Sat urday, 161th day of February, 1878, oTu
tue foilowinig described propcrty, to-wit: south
All the nsuefructory rights of Marcelite hip
Trichell, as survivor, in conlmunity pof acr e(s
Severi Trichell, dee'd., one half intere-t Thi
in and to 567 acres of land, situated in tte 0
the parish of Natchitoches, and being the conta
sanme aequired by Sevelin Trichel, by Thi
act of partition executed before Wi. west
Payne, Recorder, o the 30th day of ofthe
June 1860, (Recorded tihe same day) It
between Severan Trichell and J. A. t t
Landreaux. Gilbert Trichell, and Adelaid h
Trichell, wife of Adolph Vienne, Severin cast
Trichel, takitg for hitmself in said parti- rtnge
tion, 567 acres of land, bounded on the gethe
north east by Adolph Vienne's, ,ntlul o
south west by J. A. Landreaux's, situa
ted on Bayou Bourbeaux. All in town
ship 10, range 6. west. Cas
Terms of Sale :
CASH, with the benefit of appraisement. -
D. H. BOULLT. Jr.
Jan. 12 tds Sheriff.
ESTRAY NOTICE,
E STRAYED before F. P. Meziere, J. tavin
i P. Ward 4, on the '27th December, accon
1877, by the undersigned. One dark cessio
bay mare mule, small size. No brands; wheu
marked with a scar on left hitid leg. sition
The owner is hereby notified to cone sane
forward, prove property, and pay cosse Wi
ithin 0 days.sh J
A. 31M. GARRETT,,
Jan. 19-lui. Campite, La. Jat
Judgement.
ll E .; ow"phi , ,hte er it' vi g lN deK
town it.r huhi,pd._ !1.1 h
dill] :1 -
viha
IvaId IParish (:urt.t--No I...
thatth 'h h i~ d "v' IIl dee
, t I. h m ,. t i l o r'w
TE, - th e hins fa., ore , Il '
1i n :i ntiw.ni r al .;i erri t the I .`41
I oni thie 'nle i hl r'i it ;in d .ll,r lteut "
(i Vel'.i,,'I, .....~i *,,.~:.ld. ; ii'"reogjil1 a
.. th a t lhi 1 ^(,.l I i'r;lh iul', Ih lv . .- , I i
*Oi- l ,.i; , afrw li, ilt '+ il . i, '. l'!r.oer
iay ve, il n fuih ' . I .,h t . . T
r i i ti- t ! ' ai.ri... , t i "n g , .,
,'" I . 1*± 'if'i11". 7' :(117i1 111?,4 t : IQ
I ".i-i ! '-In l :, , ia i s h ,1 rtsia - d it is
ail I'at i r of x : itiii r Ii 'sl
my I vurt ify 'theao;I Cto h,' 0'fti
acrtnt copy i thinal f tly true
e0ile i11n11 1i1i1e. gi - bil '
YEA ! tnlneN mt ha:,nd a herid l uid
9th I t ay i r .ut . i har,. Ai . D. "l a ttl
0 Jan 12, I17 . f . 1g t  .
I+l'l - n d I~l~l t x, ti 1. . r t".t (1 n't -, t . ... n utt
V liC- if U( Ii.et
"tt Ilolie.7 reail wtil ,i,ru,"t hino-+,
rs, ,1~,, '. A. ýIlfllO;
, thii le Peaso fi the ih
hi-i Pi, intate ofuna L 'ato, ei r ofa,
: larish I.f Nathl rh-,'h,, ij ' , 't. ..'
flts, (lru'd adjudged atid de toierefa r
corunrnt cof acquts uriul f
fin l e intinf" beth, e "lh. t ill
Simr F. Dranghu n erh
sani Wiis my hit Itnali , he anflid lth
*"tI j iWs Iwre (lSdiIssolv min (Ihat anit
Sof tir doillh v hdn.ciu't h the A. ) i78
S ofi anii manaiIgelIIn Ict u1' lie . 'Pir'itecet0
def('endurct pal' (fits lif snit.
t i uit id ;un;~:Iewi (11'ti Court, ontJ
lete Signed. I. A. T'SIM.D,
J an of 7iS Clij leo
otParish 'it Nati htc hit s. ICubp
V I, t- herc ('r'elify that - - a ve i.
1 an 'Imt (E ' the um t.
n hised n Nt his rile i} .n my othee.
., Witness tljhl and t(icireetld fit
etulnh i t day of a.tanrary. iTh'll ,
rent JOHN LAe PIIA e
11, 31
cr: ra F. Draiu,,hnn and het 1uI-''idm
or'said William . I ale Cle a rk.the
a t- ^
sn JL'DGMENr.
io Tmnes e Duinkmadssovd vs. At eidt i..
y- N tiffdos case, hre n ith theso le olat
Ithee videnrce being in favor afs
i plaintitY, Temeeef h,'paklernan, ag
- against the adefentranti thereof ad ti.r
ac, her' husband, on the trinI.bewo~'t
15 orderedl, adjudIgee(anti 1eermed thatr
communit"ait pay o ae .ts oand gai s ,
fore existing betorcvr Tennesaee Duntl
Sman and iaer sail husiand coue, aeat
'i 3e is hereby diolve. . tha.77,
Olauininister and control her nww wpemtr
estate. And that declsid aya
t'd eosts of snit.
si Done, read and signed irr epeu ae0
'ty ont this 27th day of Novenwber,1877.
(Signed) P. A. SIMilo,
Parish Jug
ate of , State of Loi ~
Paris ha s of NatchitNhao 'st
Clerk's Office.
t I d hereby citify tlhat the aboea ii
foregog is a true ar crrect cpy t ofigi
tu original Judgment "on l il t oliee. y
tice.
, Witnes ss my hand .1 ad off iciall !
S L thS.] Sea: l, o n taia 14th dt, .
(tJ IO. LAPLACE,
n. Jan. 19. D'y. Clerk.
n SUCESSION NOTI(ET.
of TenLL ersoes holding clan vs. gainsttl,
i2, S pccessio c Faets rHusbai, dee'
p N" this case, tty reason of'thelatrpj
th evid il pe prence beigsae in favor th
my Atttornl; TenneeJ. 11. uningklmn,.
ii J. C. TrIIdlHEL,
Jan. 26. Admitnistrator.
iiSHERIFF'S SALE.
William Clayton v's. Sylvester Qiliter.
Magistrates' Courdef nt, Alberto. 330.
Svirtue of a writd, on the. a., issueill
- ~thea above enti til ard nur nberedsoft
isand to re direted, adjIge and deerd t wllM
oir for 'nieu to the ln;,st and highest blie*
foire existing 1ºetwret Te'nnese a
ern and her said hIlslani, Plantatiol"
rilsaint' is hereby dissolved. Aid tbatlk
lsiiunti'ed on Cane river, in flthe paritsh of
admiinister and control Ilerewwwpo*lllill
estateitches abou t e7 milrtes below
Scity of Natchitoches, on
Done. read and signed in eppenu Co
SSaturday, the 26th dayo of Javember, 1878.
the followinit described property to wltr
(Signe Hundred P.nd wet-live BIM N
of Corn, more or less.
Parish IJig
TermState of Loaie:
CASHI-with the beniefit of appraiseueak
D. H. BOU'LLT.JRu.
Jan 12-tds 8herlif
SHERIFF'S SALE.
HI. Lichtenstine vs. L. Van Schubrifa.
Parish Court, Natehio. 15to%.
CY virtue of a writ of Fice. Fi. al
!in ,Ie above entifytled and nthe amoreiwd
suit, reoiand to e di crrected. I have sd
and will otir suale to tinilnst an ile high-m
est lidder at the door of th Court o
in the city and parish of Natchlitoche,
Saturday, I.th dai, of February, 188,
the following descried property, to-wit -
A certain trict of land hl isated in tiie
parish of Natiches, containing two b-hl
dred ad eight' acres, m1ore or less. antl
being tire south half of the north east
huarter of Section N d. 32, township to
range 8, Containing 79 4-l,00 acres.f
The north half of the east half of the
81outh ernst (luarter of section 32, town*
ship 9, rage 8, containing 39 7230.
acres.
The north west ofulrrter of the
south cast quarter of section 3i, townl
ship 9, range 8, containing 39 72-l01'
acres.
The south half of the north east quit'
ter of section 32, township 9, rangeii,
containing 79 30-1000 acres.
The south cast huarter of the north
west quarter and tire north east quartr
of the south west quarter of section 31
township i, range 8, containing 79 4s
101) acres.
The south enat quarter of thre south
cast quarter of section 32, township 9,
range 8, containing 39 72-100 acres, to.
gether with all the buildings and l1*
provermerrts thereon.
Terms of Sale :
Cash-with the benefit of appraisemolt
D. H. BOULLT, Ja.,
Jan. 12.-tds, Sherit.
NOTICE.
Succession of Wa.. Sullirant.
[ vi. HATHORN, Adfr inistrator Of
i * the Sbcession of Wem. Sund mlint.
having filed in the Clerk's Osiice his ginh
account of Adurinistration cif said 5ac
CcMsioni. Netice is hrcreby given to all
w~horm it nnay concern to file their oppo*
eition thereto in ten days, otherwise the
sante will ai parii h lo fattcd.
Witness the iwon . P. A. Siadrorus, Pat r
ish Jurdge.
JNO. LA\PLACE,
Jart. 19-2t. ws. Clerk.