OUR WASnHINGTON LETTER.
WASNlsGrTON D. C., Oct 12, 1878.
The farmer who said that he and a To l
neighbor ow'ned more cows than any
other tvo ireln neighor nine cowA
had the same reason has over the late f
elections. The party has lost its con
trolling influence in the Ohio delega
tion, so that if the election of I're- In
ident is thrown into the Ilouithe i het
State will be thrown aginst instead
of for them, it ha:s lost iemrbers i, here
the dIouse in for them, it has lost nienm- of tl
bers of the lonuse in Indiana and hat
escaped by the skin of its teeth a ti
rimilar hlos in Iria. The ione thirn.
that the Republicantl have to bhoast it
in that they have kept up their ll :gn- sI s
ization in all the States. This is mre tot h
than they felt sure of Iding a ft.w iex
m o tnths since.
Among the losses the I)elllo'rats to
will feel most is that of Milton Say- new
]er in this without thre self assert ill,, v
that makes smnialler ten ll(re prom -
inent, Mr. Sayler is a very able ran
and was infliential in the liouse in ti
and out of his party. He hil been ir
much spoken of as a candidate fir a
Speaker, and wonul have lilled the Sii
position with ability and ftirrnes.
Ilis defeat seems to leave the contest wi
between Mr. Randall and Mr. iBlake
hrnir both of ]homn ate sure of re- sl
election.
The exact result as to Cotngressmen1e
are as follows: In Iowa the Repih of
licans lose two - two Demotrats- ntI
G;reenback fusionists being elected.
In Ohio the Democrnats secure ele- el
etn iRepublicans. At the last plrevil s
e.lection I: l Repnhllicans anid I )elro at
crats were elected. all
In Indiana there are 6 lIputblieans,
fl Democrats and I one I)ertltiat tu
Gi reenhack fusioniat. lformely thete
were 9 Republictans tot 4 l)erolntaos.
In WVest V'igiinia the I)eortcl at. its
lefore, elhect tll ;I of the lH'etl, .1'tt
li Ves.
There is a peculiarity ii l t t poi
tion of Senator Conklittg of New Yi k
amitong the prominent Repbtililcans
and it is one that onuiht to he ireIked
by tihe voters otf that State, and \ hich
pirobabLly w\ill Ite. Of all the great "
pirty leaders Ihe ot, lv hits .ottgn ht to
stir urp seclioinal slii'e of repetaing
forgotten stories'of vialencet'iina ,.c- tl
Lion of the country. 'There arre l t
trial in the Senator's owin Slate to day t
persons chaunged with mnldel sihe
plain facts of which are rtore revol-i
ting than any the Senator rcan refer to
in the pottion of the country lie s.eem
specially to hate. Who thiniks of
Condemning New York because Mrs.
Billings was murdered there the otl,
er day, or bocause of any of the half
dozen other tmurders and naimeless
crimes into which grand juries, petit
juries, and Coroner's juries in that
State are now inqluiring fI WhoI asks
as to the politics tof the New York
murdered or the New York rrulrier
es a ? Tile time has gone bIy ' en
intelligent men will allow themseli es
to be tricked into voting inl national
election upon the question of the com
parative morality of different parts of
the country, and especially when, if
current facts are considered, every
section has all it can do to punish its
own criminals. Senator Conkling
will live to regret that he revived
this kind of warfare.
Reports from the yellow.rfever dis
tricts are almost as heart-rending an
ever. The disease is finding its wary
into regions inaccecsibhle to iiutside
aid, and is hardly ldeclining in tihe
cities were it has ragedl for nmonthls.
Every one who is able toggive shouild
remember that even after thie lever
abates the suffering from destitution
wvill be great. AN
Burying the Dead at MemLphi. s
[Dr. Barton of Cleveland.] t
In the city the work of caring for t
the sick and burying the dead is car- r
ried on like clock work.. A victim a
dies and his body is immediately r
wrapped into a sheet, put into a box, t
the cover screwed down, and the ie- 8
mains taken to be buried. No fune- t
ral his held, unless perhaps some
friend reads the burial service or a
prayer over the rough coffin as it goes
into the hastily-dug hole. Night and t
day the burial goes on, and. as one I
looks out upon the street at midnight, t
the carts piled up with the cotleiied
dead go rattling by, while the negro 4
grave-diggers, with shouldered spades I
march by in single files with a ste;di.
tramp that some how seems to sink
into the very lieart o'f the listener,
and hie turns his couch with a sickeu
ing feeling that he may perhaps he
the next to require their set vice. At
the cemetery the dead come and are
piled up awaiting their turn to be in
terred. They till graves fiaster than
the negroes can dig them, and they
seem to come in with a sort of rivalry
as to who shall be buried first.
Wanetsk o Equalize ' r" o
A dilapidated individual stood gaz- t
ing at a huge pile of watermelons in t
front of a Woodward Avenue grocery
until his mouth watered and he made e
bold to remark to a man who was se
lecting one for dinner:
"I wish I had five cents to get a
small melon; I haven't tasted a mel
on fqr over two years."
- The gentleman promptly handed
selec kel and went on with his
melon. bout the time he had his
coming out o the saw the vagrant
Sba lled out: on near by, and
' I thought ya ou at mon-w
ey to boy a melon o" iat on
"So Idid" was the very co
answer. I told you that t hadn't ta
ed a melon for over two years, an
after reflecting a little I found I hadn't
tied whiskey for over three. There
foire; I gave whiskey a show to catch
." up with melon and start off square.
Nothiiog mean about me, sir. Good
bye."-Detroit Free Press.
The St. Louis Republican notices
editorially the death of Gideson J.
Pillow, near Helena, Arkansas, on the
bth inst., in the 73rd year of his age.
Gen. Pillow, it will be remembered,
married one of the Miss Dixons, of
Bossier parish, and frequently visited
this section of country, on a visit to
that lady's relatives. His association
with the political and military history
of America, arb widely known of
course: He served with distinction in
the war with Mexico, having ;,been
wounded in the Berro Gordo and
Chepultepec engagement. His mili.
tary service in the civil war earned
for him the rank of Major-General of
Confederate forceas Of late years he
baa devoted himsel( tq agriaultsral
ypa " nern the mooth of the St.
t lvr..-Standard.
() 1'1CL IA A.
To the Qualified Electors of the State
T e of L.ouiiina. I
OFFIt . OF ,*:E - TARY il" STATF, it,
,T.\ I IF LtF t, i \ANA, wh
New t)itha s..)11 17l 117r 1 S th
In ursuane' ,I at rticle 17 of the voa- an
sti utint of thi. State. publiceationm is t
hereby given to the vtelrs ,f tthis State
,f the priTi,,se aIninelnts tI the, cin- wI
-titltiion of t! is State, agree'l to by two- hv
thirds of the lemnbers eleted to each t',
hiu-e of thO. enleral Assembly, at its th
session of 117', and wlihh are required in
to he plhlislhel, three ionths before the h,
next general election for Representatives i:
Sto the Genera:l Assetbly, in at least one hl
-newspaper in every pati.11h of this State, h,
Sin which a newspaper shall be publishedl. nI
Said atlndilnents appear more filly in
n acts Nos. 7:3 and 7-4 of the regular ses .
n "i'n of the General Assmnbly, 1578 4'
Ir and in No. 12 ,f the e xtra ses
5sion of the C;eleral Assembly of lT7I ,
t w hich atre oilciailly pu,,liýL d for the in
firmination of the voters, and which will he
snlhtittedl to the people at the next ,en it
Seral election, to be held on the tifth day l;
Sof NI veimber (next) It78, in such a
y manner anlld tio that the people imayt
vote for r i a ain.t t each aneilndlnell,t,
its separately, ,',i if a majority of the votes
(E at said election shall approve and ratify
all or i:l r of said amlendlments, the t
Is, sIile .shall 1,toile a part of the coniti
t tutinn.
it 11LL A. Ib TlN,
et't'I l' ti oit thate. 1
S'0 ONSTITIT'I' IONAL A3ENDMENTS.
"T1 NO 73, 1. . OF 1s78.
N I-.l tE t lN 1.
e That the seat fit govertnlll,'t hall ie
S .stabliLhi l at the city it' ]i att ,n l, in,' or
at at the city of N ew 0 lrl,.als, a:s the iia
t , jirityv of the voters if the State It ay
h tlcter'mine at the le. t nsuinii le.,ltion :
`t thnose voting to locatu tihe State capitail
n1 at Biaton l iote shall ind,,'si ' its their
uy tickets, " l'tr Sthltt' qapitil, lrnat11oi
he lRige;" those votitng t, Ioate the
ol- capitol at New Orleans shall iniluirse on
r their tickets, "lor Sta:;' 'alapitl, New
I' ' Orl1ns."
S (Strike out ar'' hle on, h, ,mured and
ilS. thirty-onr.)
af A('T Nt. 74. U. S. F Il78.
le1- NUMIER T'l\.
Iepreseitaltivesshall be cosen on the
ir.t 'ITuesday after the first Monday in tl
N ven,?er, every two years, and the of
Eflection shall be cImIplehted in one day. ti
Th'l'e General Assembly shall meet on tl
c the first Monday in January, 1 70, and 1h
I hieunally thereafter, on the first MIondiay ti
in January, unless a different day be '
,f appointed by law, and their sessl,ns
f shall be held at the seat of goverument. i
y (Strike out article seventeen.)
NUMBER TIIREE.
i After the year 1878 the General As- s
seinbly shall not have power to levy in C
- and one year for all State purposes monre
Sthan one per centumI taxationl, nor shall C
y any collection of more than one per F
le centum taxation be made in any one '
1e year, on the actual cash value of all t
* real and personal property liable to tax- t
Id ation, except, in case of a foreign inva
ser ion or a domestic insurrection, and in
ºn that event any additional taxation shall
only be for the inmmediate purpose of
repelling invasion or snppressing insur
redtion. The city of New Orleans shall
not levy or collect in any one year more
than one and one-half per centum taxa
or tion on the actual cash value of all the
r- real and personal property liable to tax
m ation within its limits. No parish or
ly municipal corporation, except the city
x, of New Orleans, shall levy or collect in
e- any year more than one per centum tax
e- tion upon the actual. cash value of
ne all the real and personal property liable
ra to taxation within its limits. The
es General Assembly shall not have power
nid to issue any bond or pledge the faith of
ni the State for any pu'rpse, nor shall it
lt, authorize any parish or municipal cor
ed poration to issue any bond or create any
tro debt ; provided, that this shall not pro
les hibit the issue of new bonds in exchange
di for old bonds, where the debt or rate of
nk interest is not increased.
er, NUMBER FOUR.
he The members of the General Assein
At bly shall be paid a salary of five hun
ire died dollars (,501) per session, and
in actual traveling expenses by the near
Ian est practicahle route, nt to exceed ihftv
iey dollars ($50) for any one member ; pro
Irv rided. f two sessions are held in
thc they shall receive for the
a second session in hn l a.iry of
/ only two hundred and fifty dollars ($250)
and actual travelling expenses by the
mz- nearest prasticable route, not to exceed
in fifty dollars ($50) for any one member.
The regular biennial session shall not
de exceed ninety days in duration, unless
se_ by vote of two-thirds .of the members
elected to each house of the General
a Assembly.
el- (Strike out article thirty-nine.)
NUMBER FIVE,. the
wb
The General Assembly shall not pass ha
any local or special law changing the te
venue in criminal cases, changing the Ge
manner of persons legitimating children, a
vacating roads, streets, or alleys, re- elf
uitting fines, penalties, and forfeitures, ap
or refunding moneys legally paid into Co
the treasury; affecting the estates of ed
s, or persons under disability, ex- ex
S roperty from taxation, crest an
authorized o oly, legalizing the un- e
or gethor of the acts of any officer
or . r tyhp fri
or municipality; r of any parish
compensation to any pub any extra tr:
or contractor, after the servt r, agent, 8i
rendered or contracted for; c bee.ni
J any parish seat, or creating new par'
es, except by the assent-of the majority
ie of the qualified electors of the parish,
P" or parishes, to be affected; in all other c
Scases, where a general law can he made
of applicable, no local or special law shall
ad be passed.
tn NUMBER SIX.
ry The Governor shall receive a salary
of of seven thousand dollars per annum,
in p yable quarterly oy his own warrant.
dn )(Strike out article fifty-six.)
nd
li- NUMBER SEVEN.
ed e Lieutenant Governor shall re
he eiv a salary wbich shall be-double
ral tha fa member of the General As.
SB **mo
I/ (trk article flfty-seven. .
Every 1ill wu ieh Ehall 1' a' i... T
,lhl h,".'s, s -tall b1e I," p 'ted t ' :l
;,, or;,,r: it l ,t a ipproiv" it, hi ,,i.l I.,.t
th l 1(i : it ihe does 1n,, }e i hall ,' " i I
it. w i lth lis b illj i,'i ls, t ' ii; ' i1 t - il
w h i ,c h i t o r i g i n a t , -,l , w h i c h :- h a l l , ' ti t ," , a nda'
theo bi ition- a tl ' upn i rs .int ttl, .
atnl l',r,', d 1,. r,,ausider it. If. a:1."r
suc'h rie,l s l.id ratl ,li, tw, n -third- ,f a i l i ,
th s eiit te prs ' rient in tthatt hot e shaill th:i n
aire. tol pts ih," bill, it all ,,be sit, to i,,
with tt, ,t!jl ctioll. to the ther h,,l I t, e .t, rer
bhi which it shall likewilse he ri- 1
Sithiirds d tthe t m i ibers present illn tr!
that hiv ouse,, it hall LIhe lli'.l ite lit l
Sintid b.ch lr.-es the i t.li of hahn lI
aholuses shall Ie deteriinie by yeas th e hm
e l nat i. anti te nalinit' ca seli, it' li a'
inbis \,otin flr or at ainst the bill shall \,
Sli ,.n,, ul , i theit p rnit al otf t ,ai l rth e
, use r. tspoei 'it ' i t. If a tl aill s ll in e
Sot be returned lby the Gl,ern'oir within l .
ive days after it shall have len prle u,
I s entd to hill, it shall be a law, in like lih
iann lt r .as if the haii signwhl it, unless theli
SGeniiertal Assembly, by adjournment,
revent its ri turn' i : in a ahich case, with.
i thirty days, trahe ot ernor shall iti- rei
a' sa el, with Ivs iig 'tiorns theret, in theint
Sllte of the `e'retary of State, and bell
Sgi eil publil notice' thereof:' otherwise it h ss
I shall b liecome ai law, as if he had sigued
Sit. Thle ilsecretary of stati e shall acoin- tr
y tnnll icate said o, jections and hill so dw-l'
a ,,,poitd to the house in which it oriina,-.
v It'.cin l11.i first day of the meetie ng oft
t ili next teieral Assemblyt" who shall
act 1111,ii the saile as above provided.
es I'lhel Governor shall have Ipower to vto I
fY oie or more items in any hill altppi'na" s
he ii' i N linti'y, ('. it eii distilti ithims, i il
while p rvi' i t hei iitlr l allti lls i' t ill
htill, lanid the part ,or artsh i th'ie bill
itlroved shall m ai, e lawt , and the
itetil ulr ie li o approl priati'on. iisats - it
I tproved shall hli void, i ut .<i repasset d lot
accordig tol the rihs aln d liilitlalti s idb'
*" presiriln dl fir th,e passage lof other bills au
Iive the (ovet nor'i vet '.h 'll
(striei ' tn t art'icle ixtv i , x. 2
NI't i Ill t NIe1. litl
t,, f No ollis,' . vt hoe salary is tied s v II
I til constituinn. shall l e all the'd ae lyci' I
tlV fr ,,r , .l ,i 'int  iis ' o otil t ' i Idi
t 1n : NlA'.I llii1. I'E.'. h
Ivt
tali' The l j'uiicial powe i r shall be ,. :ld in l .
ta s pl'lli e el c urt',iii iilr l d iistr C't ourts, antl in
titnl . jus tic.c It t t p acIl, . l The~ disttil't: l
the ,uirts shall have orig i. al ju'isdiction in ;
i't all civil nals whetl, le thamount in dis, it
pi diilte te, hll exe ds c l h teld l dollars, ex- tl
i lusive tof i ltet'est. In riiuinall ases,
Sm'ill inu al rill jat imcatteris, their urishal
die'tio shall be ulliui. ''lte G. The y shall
havoe a ellall avte juris iti , in civil ,iatsh
frall juclerks f the ilsti ipace, whtil the
mo int hin dispute csa eds ten dhollarts. '
the excllusive of i re atlt. i 'l justa ties of jut
y in the dpeace shall lh e eifi ed by the electori s t
the ,t each pvuiis}l in till, ilaniuier std will t
day. thin ualitiatik llts to icle dett irnuthel by
,t hi the i .t' ral Ai e lht ysi, ei.lty shall,
and old oihtyei flt ttll i term of two 'ears, aindt t
ati their one lhsi.,n Sall b d an titt by law. reI
y be Their jurisdiction in civil eases shall not
stony cxeedl oue hundred dollars, exclusive of 1
nleit I n lterest. subject tr an appeal to the dis' ,
trict court in all cases when the amount
ill dispute shall exceed teli dollars, ex
elusive of interest. They shall have
such criminal jun:'si.hction as shall be
A-i Conferred by law. The General Asset. n
or bly shall have puwer to vest in the
shall clerks of the district courts the right to
grlnt sluch rh,'s al d tll, such acts PS
. and one hundred and thirty.-three.]
NUMBER ELEVEN.
The Chief Justice of the Supreme T
Court shall receive a salary of seven oem
thousand dollars per annum, and the tax
Associate Justices of the Supreme Court tur'
shall each receive a salary of six thou, 1p1
sand five hundred dollars per annum, se
payable quarterly on their own war
prant.C
NUMBER TWELVE.
The General*A'senmbly shall divide the
State into judicial districts, which shal
't1m:ini uinchanged tfor four years, and re
for each district one judge, learned in ai(
the law, shall be elected by a plurality lea
of qualified electors thereof. For each Iue
district there shall be one district court, - .8
except in the parish of Orleans, in which Ge
f the General Assembly may establish as tor
many district courts as the public inter- an,
est mlay r(equire, not to exceed the nuim- min
her now anthorized by existing laws, ex- lau
cept by a two-thirds vote of all the pa;
meinbers elected to bot h bIranches of the 1mv
General Assembly. Until otherwise pro- ip
d vided by law, the district courts now lai
existing in the parish of Orleans shall ga
v have the jurisdiction at Iresenllt confer Nc
red by law; no redistricting or change otl
Sshall be l~~tn s to:take effect during Vi'
e t,hJ. innubency of any judge. The A
number of districts in the State shall not
be less than thirty nor more than torty
live. The General Assembly shall pro
vide by law for at least four terms an
Inually of the district court in every par- -
ish. The General Assembly shall have 3
power to create circuit courts, to be con
stituted by grouping the district judges A
into circuits, and composing the circuit
court of the judges of the district courts
within such circuits. To direct the place
or places of meeting of said circuit courts
so constituted, and to vest said circuit
courts with appellate jurisdiction from
the district courts within the circuit
where the amount involved ekcceds one
s hundred dollars ($100) exclusive of in
e terest, and does not exceed five hundred
Sdollars ($500) exclusive of interest. The
General Assembly shall have power, by
a two-thirds vpte of all the members
elected to both houses, to restrict the
appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme
0 Court to causes where the amount involv
f ed exceeds one thousand dollars ($1000)
exclusive of interest; and in case of at
such restriction, the circuit courts so to
be created shall have appellate jurisdic
lion of the class of cases thus excluded
rt from the appellate jurisdiction of the E
th Supreme Court. The clerks of the dis
a trict courts shall be elected by the quali.
t, fled voters of their respective parishes,
1n and-shall hold their office for four years.
[(trike out article eighty-three.]
ity NUMBER THIRTEEN I
sh, . e , the d:strict judges shall re
her ceiv a oheo be fixed by law, which,
ide except in th _ of Orleans, shall not
ll bolre than three and ollars, nor
num, payable quarterly o lars per an
rant, and which shall not be i wn 'ar
diminished during his term of o~ n
ary must be a citizen of the United Ste
im, over the age of twenty-five years, an
t.l>ave resided in the State and practiced
law therein for the space of two years
next preceeding his election. The judges
of the district courts shall hold their of
tice for the term of four years. In the
re- parish of Orlnau the annual salary of
able the district judge shall not exceed five
1rovd hIildien. Ana seven 'a
L i town, too.
N. i
. ~ ~ ~ W 7.1h "m'ostiau-s te
t".: i j. : ,"'I .: , t lt l . ." th!: '1t' o r' , : ! ito
- .Q I ,, a at th I'll tu d ,tat s.
:tlll , .ill 1, .lll .ll1 i\ 't' j",, iI t I .l',,Id ill in'
if. I ' t" t,, sm L .'tr tl,:.l 'tl.t'i *, \ :"I l" ,It: 1."!'t"
and wh lt) II Ihav' I ell r iNdellt Ij f
tlt Matt-., ti a prct~isI g and dlly I1'
r,:styi atoilrut\ at ltw. for at least two
I , S. . 11 shall relei\ve a sala'ry from
iieIrw I t, t not lesIt; than thret' lor mlrll''
than t. ,'nl iulntdred do ( llar, p,'r ;: nnln,
to h, 1r',11 itltld by law upon l!b h ., ,: 1
r" pr .i',s t ll tati,'ll in thel. , . 1 ,,"1 o Il,. r , i-,'Vo -Il s
.::ve. and lpaV'ble gIe -tei'lv on hi s
e\ n wat'r,,.nt. it. sh dil l,. ,.r- onfici, :It
1 tu "r of the l ltar;,h, and ',cIv, .. l, "
S a; )i'\ therctraot :'s way h," !1\, " h\' b i h
11 r1; 1 l,' t:111 a thl , , int ," , lnot to,, ,.x e.lt- d " - '. , 11
1,1 hun11 drid dollar, pttr )ni n lll. , ýit ,all,
m- lltr\Ieover1, l'vt'i\V' ,,ich ft',.s ~t" olltcth :;I"
clay h, allowetd hI\ lh ,. In thilt 'ity it
N\ w (IrIb.lws the ,' !,itt"'s t..tt rllnev ,.i:ll
h f'er ive, stl'i C illptl tl el' tioln frothl 1tI it'll
I i l addition to I .th ,alh'ry atbl\ plloVitd"L. -
in as m vay h e lstablislh by la\" w . lhe sha:tll
h t eI lect l-d ia t th + ., :t! te tiun , w ith th ,,
,judo .*es of th, di.;trict courts, and shall
e hold his PAtli 'e for tlh trl o-f t.,er years'.
il T
t. \'I'Xt ll,l{ 1.'l'I:I i~rl.X
'" In eer, case w., re ,.,t .,,, m:' be
It recutsed, ndu when lie is not pe-rsonally r
e interestd ill til tIlattlrS ill coiestation,
td he shall select a law t' r, having, tilt- m'1'- i
tI essary q aililiiatius ref"), is rtrd 11,r a ijtdl.' I;
1t of his court, to try 1 u' h e t , ses t alai the i1
1- I i',leral .ssebl,\"y shall provide by law i
ItL , ,r the trial of thisly. ases ill which theh
" udg" I a.1Y , e personally itt'lerstt' ,t oir
'wh n hth ie ay ll e abl,'nt or lilses to ict.
o" (".trikle out article nthn'ty.)
l NIMBEIR six11:EIN.
S In ordlr to provide f;r th1e ,sttallih
l nw 111(. o1: .it . t 11 ,i' ju I:Ial sI . nt, I tr,,at,,,l .) 1
I eý il abohi l l' tltnllillu lntsl) . :ll 1+l , \to ip e .ve t.
h.' the evils of :ill int,,rrelginu, it is here1}'l
orll l,-itd y t h' i It ple li L ui.is ma ,
Ill 'irrt-That the General ..m -nlhl\,.
lie \w 1hich ieets t.he lirnt Mntl:it ill .htotai:
i- r, , :. shall-, ,. il, a, rdrtiar ," wit" h t1'
setl rotleoinlr a: lndo ntsl , ill tl diattlly re
ns i district hi'e Stlate, ;ld plrovidel' for it'
IIs author'ity of e.hlrk , ald the election and
,criminal j risdictin of ,ljustl ices of thi'
peace.
,5riuld--That as soon as the Legi,.la
tur .. shall have alte.d a :isaforesaid, the
(hovterlnur shall h\" pro lainhutl rall no
h r'election fhr .ustice. of the leare for
nn) se l la'h :Imri-h, '\1.,, thn' imrish l 'of ()1'
l :t , :i , I; lnd '< t r i -li.,tlrictl j'lud , sx i a;Ch I,
di- I ict rri lt.,t l\ b " fl ' l' rdi trictili,
wh'l'e one or 1111'1' p:rl;'',shu hav't he.t:l
addltd, otr 1:luI'll ', from thile 'xistlug iu ndi
hill -: prt.t\ld h , l, txr,'l t i n lt` p la ;l tof
)lht, r lesi , wh,.rt.. thl. di..t'itt alltort 'y
f n fr the la :rU'lh l!hIll hl State at
tis orln'. T7 -is , l , ctirol shall I, hedhl en
ex, theo ,:ut liy tlounghont the Stiate,
, whirh :l'y sh:1ll not I.. l.ss than sixty
il' nolll ore tl hall Ilillwt\ (days lifter the li 11s
;al. -f sal rt. "I he trms ot" thi, ut
liters ele, t,'d at said elt'etion Shall vx
llir'e ,t lilt' ovl it]ll ehertioln .t" P'%'9 , :lilt
the limitation on tilt- l-hylgle otf di-tl t'ts.
's. oftenller thaln ont every toh t years, hall
ls of not he louillhrt co ras having othl-ect 11t1"l's
t is f th general election of 1+U+O.
vith Third-That the judicial system, as l.s
1 y tahlished by the constitu lnl l of 1,"l I"
Shhall renlnilv ill force until the expiration
hann of the thirtieth day nfter said election.
cam exclndinit from the computation tlhit
dlaw v ilof the electioli.
unot !orth-Thn' adoptlion of these aneutld
e of unts ,shall not v'oate the 111Xt1e' of tiht
l IlI'Selit cherks of cotltri ill eich uinrish.
NUiMEIl SEVI'N'EI'EN
Article one hundred and thirty-two of
thie conustitution of I sha lll be abroga
ted.
NU1M;l:lt EIGIITEE".
The Sperintendenlit of Public EdIuca
StiIon shall receivet a salary of thilty tiive
hundred dollars, payable ,luarterly on
his own warrant.
NUMBER NINETEEN.
No license tax sihall bhe imposed by the
State, or any parish oa municipal authori
tv, on any mwchanical trade, manufacto
ry or factory, except sruch as mayi rqIllire
police regulations, in towns and cities. t.
NUMBER TWENTY.
e The Legislature is authorized to ex
u empt from State, nmuntcipal or parish
e taxation houselhold goods, such as fnrli
rt ture, wearing appar. 1, tool, of trade or
profession and famitly portraits, not ex
e eding in aggriegate val il su in of
' five hundred dollars.
r ACT NO. 12, EXTRA SESSION OF iSi7.
NUEMBIER T\VENTY-ONE.
ic Strike out ith first part part of article
11 li2 of the contit,.,i uiot of 166s, which
id reads: "A university shall be established
in and maintained in the city of New Or
tr leans It shall be composed of a law, a
.1 medical aind a collegiate delpartment,
rt, ath with appropriatll facullties. The
h iGeneral Asseombly shall plrovide by law
as tor its organization and muintainaince ;
r- and insert: "The university shall he
n- maintaiid. It shall he cotmposed of a
x- hlaw, a medica ll and an icademlical de
he partnwnt, and s~uch other departmllnts a i
he may he cstablishcld by law, each with
ro- appropriate faeulties; pr,"uided, that the
1w law and medical departments already or
11 ganized shall continue in the city of
!r New Orleans, and the acadenlical . ::::'
ge other dlepartmee.Y" may he lIcattd else
SW here in 'he State.
ii August 3-t2n.
Druggist
IL. I~MYAaiN,
APOTHECARY & DRUGGIST.
D-DF.ALER IN
iEDICICINJE
CIIEMIC ALS,
PERFUMERY,
Fancy Articles &c.,
FRONT STREET,
Natchitoches, La.
rp Perscriptions carefully prepared
f at all hours.
TER3II,MOPERATE.
SFeb. 23.-lYv.
Butcher.
ISAAC KAllN,
13 UI 11 c HI ]F Ii.
H AS a first-class Stall in the Natchi
| lt toches Market House, where he has
r for Rsal during Market mhour, froeh jury
1BFEF,
ir VEAL,
MUTTON.
Sd PORK,
SIFRE & ,MOKEI) SAUSSA(IE,
of. SMO~b REEF', &c.
be And on Wednesa~e and Frida.a. fresh
FISH of all kind; OUT, WAHITE
ve PERCH, BASS, &c. AftfB are t hours,
| call at Abram Kahbn, Cort d and St
'a *nie Str's., and have your fillod
Carpenters.
I. S. CURT'ES
PRACTICAL .MACHWNIST
-AND
F NG-INE1I ,
ARCH:TLCT CARPENTER & 1J"ER"
work I ,:, wih '.t4h t.I it
V. , t . I '.; '1 1 I
.I l:  -- '
I N -
io l r11v 1", -1,.
1inll,:i l 11 ('Ti!'1ll, l" - . ...
.in \ i11 i .
,J1111\ I\ARK.
1" 4 _.-I ._
\. \IIA'IN'S I
RESTA RANT,
` 1111 'lll t ' II i klllll l -l i .tLll i ll' : l' ·.:) lllll il
I''lE .lf.AI at al l.A.ears. i
ty d t\\i h 1 a ltih \1," . ll ..n l i,,l 1\ ith Ithe
Iiu 1 n1 I h1 . ' l. ;,~l i'ik 4.
PI, lTIl 1;:, ita .',Iu l)rti5 C.
- ihll e5l,'t0rtinm. n0lt furniMihd witl 0i, "
O!- J1" .....IlI..............
('uih ilre l'l c..lltl.! l' i.'.ru.. o.ri. tl \. ,ol
i. il ills I2 'p- il'lll'y.ll
S !Tend, moderte. Fub. 2-tf'.
tll
11at  1nW , a ]'!'ivlte Lin,, inng ] sei.
o',,rnl.r Tl''111I:1 and sIl LIY Stre'et.
r- 'l I'i'o('ll ,ii L,.A.
\Vhe. tlh. p rl.inllnt and transient
lubllie will Ii. ell terlainedI ',ithll the Iestl
inhlle the I rk,,t affllo;rds.
FIb"I. ".--If 6.,' 7-rit,' MODEFI.iTE.
BOARDING HOUSE,
he ('AM PT'I. 1..\.
t I- T l ANSIEINT travelers entertained
S with hsnpitality, 'tol fur' ish, d with
the (est the market atlfru(N.
Single meal; at rl.gnhar hi urs ....2.5 Cts.
when ord,.red .....i '.
C- I.oLging............ ..... S.. "
ish orse Feed .. ....... ...... 5 "
ni- Fe . 2 '7,-ly.
Tinware ind Stoves.
HENRY GENIUS,
Worker in Thi, Coppelr and
SIIEET IRON.
Corner Front and 'Trndean Streets,
NA'TCI'(III'FOCIIES, LA.
Wholesale and Retail de'aler in all kinds of
HEATING AND COOKING STOVES
and sole agent tir the cc tlbated champion
CHARTER OAK
cooking stove. All stoves sold at man
ufacturer's prices with freight added.
Manufacturer of plain and fancy Tin
Ware Metallic rooting, etc., etc"
A large and select stock of Tin Ware
and llous.e F]rnishigtr good on h;nrl
GITTERING. ROOFING. and all imun
ner of Joh, Tin and plumbers work exe
cutdo with dispatch.
Feb. 9 '7- I y.
-L eoo. F a Lo ,
-- --- " -
SOOD s.
Washington St ..........atchitothCe. I
Sole agent for the Unrivalled
Ch ooking StCoveos.
E Gutters, Pipem, Metalic roofing and al
kinds of repareing,done with dispatch.
d iberal 1 is unt to ountry trade.
March 25 1 1
.Jc r clcrs.
,lI 9 :I RrJi LEll,
IHU H.R ý
, 111
I\.. .1 11f, 441 4 ii
r~1;
t 14 1 ; '~l1' 4 441 \\ . I11 ." :11:41~ '.1 ' III ; -
1411 fu 4 ~11 411
4444 A ill u 1 411'1\".'' I 144 \\~l 4411 O Ž41.% II
14 "--1). 4
l. 11
HE. ,Y A. WAL.SLEY, '1
(nece.,w-:, t,) l. IL. CIf .\;lV -.,
t\--t
'l"t'
1Ii Y (;( )1) (.
I1\H\NW A it ;,
8110) ,
('LT)''lIIINt,
tIl, it 'I Y A E. &(., &i'.
Alsoa gen,, rli i line of' Vlih tation utd
I':" 1 ily U lu1l l s111.
',y 4. I1-T.
"i"1) VWIL")N
it('evl lug, Forýiarding T
- .\NI -
COMMISSION MERCHANT,
- I ale r in 1)ry.Goo . lIrt, ries. A '.
ilal ili's Landing,
Ill) .IVEI. IA)UISIA N.\.
se I :take this i1ethod of iti firmi' g i1n II
t'rietnds and the l plblic generally, that I
have reitlVell' from Brownsville to Blair s
Latndig, on0 mile alhve, where I ati
,t l 'elr t o c t it Ia recei titg, forward
ing and coutmmis.,:i lusi1esv. lHate. of
storage from a li after this dat, will he
as lfollnws :"
Cotton - - :3J Cents - - Per Bale.
.Freihli - - 15 Cen!ts - - Per Barrel
No extra charg, for marking and weigh
ied nlg.
ith I 'will keelp il haund 1'1 ot1idplete as
Its.O t il orl( of
MERCHANDIS E,
SWhich will h sold lowI for e;+h ,or ctu.
try pr1odluee.
Oscar Chopiri;
ild COTTON FACTOR
COMMISSION MERCHANT,
No. 65 CARONI)ELET ST.,
July 1 -l Xyr O'l'oan s.
Saddlery.
'-7
,
I:
0 ,
I I 1''1 J i ý
II ý . 1 C , c l=r
Bricklayers.
M'KENNA & BOSSIER.
lBrick B3lrne r
MAKERS & LAYERS.
SEILL, and LAY brick; do plastering i
and all work in that lineo -promptly, I
cheeply, and in anyi locality in this or L
surrounding panishrs.
Tombs, $iO0 for Lanre, alld $18 for Snmll. c
Address, M KENNA & BOSSIER,
,Jan. 12.6m. Natchitoches, Ln. n
JOSEPiI C KEYSER,
Brickmnaker and Lnyer.
SI PREPARED to do all work entrustoed
Sto him quickly and in a workmanlike
l manner. Tomb, Chimneys, Cisterns and
other work solicited.
Orders left at BULLARD & CAMP
BELL'S will be promptlv attended to.
1 Jan. 27, ly.
Steamboats.
AND
FO1R
.1V Ny 1111a s dic t
.\lc-.x:iuri:a,
Slarbin'i,
AND ALL WAY ILANDINGS.
T I' STIE\\ l
BART ABLE:
• t-; l 11 Sl.\ l) ,INN T"I ' , .........l.aster.
s ( . ] . t ...............Clerk.
T'TlI' l'it .\A,1. ll ill Jt.!ivj ,r Freight at
Sat,'h it (hc ,,, 11;tt .x I 'ru lt tt ing.
All .'riglht H.,) wl to >t'itl r IART
.\-1IE. ,r " .h 1 'l u i'napt. It. W . Adams,
;ill Ii, f)rwae;ttd, t're r f ])ray'age or
I .l\Vs .Newt s ! nt.df Vl 'y .att niny a!
I. I. 31.
L, ia, '. Nat,'hiit,) h ,,s and 1;ratal E.ore.
rctt rniug, l vgery" Tn slaay. at 12 M1.
Ltav's .:Alex:ntlhi t, rtturuinug, evetry
W\' ludt t:..... at 12 M.
l.r I'i' ht "or lt ,ag9 -Iply on loard,
or to he.r A:vllntý,
I{. W. AI).\1S, 21 (',wmmrcial ilace.
,ll'Jl'i - 111qSl, (;ra l E )r't, La.
|',..h (.-1:'
- ANi)
ANEW ORLEANS.
NEW ORUILEANS and BFi) RIVER
TRANSPORTATION COMPANY
AND) 'I'IEXAS PA(I'lF'IC
ANI) CONNECTIONS.
'l'Thruugh hills of lading and through
,passeng.r tihkets to all laudiuga uu Red
lRiver, and all railway statiour i 'l'exan
THE BEET ROUTE
-TO
`. HOT SPI- N(GS.
' The following splenilid ul a fast steam.
ers composing the line will leave at ad
vertised below :
La Belle.,
Maria Louish.
Texas,
(". II. )urtfee,
('Col. A. P. Kouns,
Lotus No. ;,
W, . .. Behan,
Bonnie Lee.
Dawn,
Kate Kinney.
FOR NEW GCRLEANS
Shreveport,
Jefterson,
Hot Springs,
AND POINTS ABOVE THE RAPFT,
--and all landings on
RED RIVER,
and railway stations in
No wharthlat (charges, drayage or corn
mission will be charged( at imouth of Red
Riv'er, or at New Orleans, in forwarding
freight consigned to the company by bill
of lading.
. For ireight or passage apply on board
of the Ioats ,,t at tLtle o)l' of the com
lpany, No. Ill Gravier street.
JOS. A. AIK:EN, President.
AGENTS:
New Orleans. M. JOYCE.
Shreveport, J. If. JORDAN.
Grand Ecore, J. E. MESSI.
Feb. 2.- ly.
Livery and Feed Stable,
HUTSON'S
LIVERY and FEED
STABLE.
St. Denis St., ,ATCIIITOCHIES, La.
S I'PEPAIRED) to accommodate tb
public in evel~thing in the Feed and
Livery line. Stablh is first-class and ar
ranged especially for the conveniunce and
comfort of stock.
F'EED IFORHORSE $1 PER DAY.
Hacks and buggies on hire and fir
nished promptl on application
R. P. IIUTSON.
SFeb. 17--lv Proprietor.
oenaker.
O. 4hafath,
Boot iud Shoe Maker.
SH1ALLE ES the world for, eat-v,,,
Saun dubilit of work. S tiDfaeti ·
n fit and Interial guaranlteed
Shon on St. Deoni St.