()FFICIA L
Paper ofthe Parish and City ofNatchitorhei
JA$. H. COSGROVE, - . - Editor.
SATURDAY, - - - MAY 4, I .
Our Party Polcly.
A few years ago the test of l'e
publicanism was loyalty (o Gen.
Grant, but we tiust that the I)emno
cratiC masses of this State will never
descend so low that frilty to the
Democratic party is to be t.sted by
the endorsement or denunciation of
any man or set of men. A man may
approve the general course of the
present State government, and be a
Democrat, or lie may condemn it and
still be a sound Democrat. No one
doubts that Gov. Nicholls is a good
and pure man, and the same may be
said of each of the other oflicials of
the administration, the members of
the Supreme Court, and most of the
Democratic members of the Legislh
tate; but still many of our people
have been dissatisfied with many of
their acts. We concede that they
have been surrounded by embarrass
ing difficulties, which, to a great ex
tent excuse their short-comin,,g. Tl'h
eminently Conservative policy may
have been controlled by complicat ions
which they considered unavoidahhble
in order to save our State frot Radti
cal misrule. Of this the people have
heard much, but know nothing. Let
that be as it may, they are willing
that by-gones should be by-gones;
but for the future they propose to
shape their own course, arid if a
course is adopted different from that
pursued during the past year, those
who have been in power munst not
take it as an atfioat. \We do not
propose to endorse them or to de
nounce them. Either would be bad
policy, and our people must not he
divided on any such side issues.
A mistaken policy has warped and
embarrassed our political course ever
since the war. It prompted the
great body of our people to vote for
Wells in 1866, foir Taliaferro in 19ý8 ;
it has controlled many of our acts in
every campaign since, and we fear it
has prompted many of the acts of
omission and commission during the
last fifteen months. If the Demo
cratic party has an honest majority
in this State, as we know it has, let
it elect the officers and carry out its
policy-no cringing, half-way meas
ures.
We want a new Constitution, be
cause the thing we now endure is
villainously bad, and because it is
not of our adoption. We want a
Convention to frame this new Con- '
stitution, and what is to prevenit our
having it t Every one concedes the
present Constitution is miserably de
fective; the number of amendments li
proposed by its apologists proves that '
it is incurable. The legislature was
not elected to make a new Constitu
tion; the mode by which they at
tempt to accomplish this Abject is
vicious in principle; and the propos
ed amendments should be voted
down without mercy. We should rI
elect a legislature pledged to call a
Constitutional Convention immedi
ately, or we should resort to the
course adopted in 1843-vote for al
Convention and delegates directly.
We have but to look at the Govern ai
or's Messages, the Reports of the va
rious officers and the proceedings of t
thelegislature to be convinced of the
necessity. The cry from every quar
ter is that the revenues are not suf- li
ficient to meet the expenses of the va
rious depr;rtments of government; v
but no remedy is suggested. There
is none inside the present Constitu- ti
tion. We pay too much taxes, and r;
we are govered too much, and in or
der to remedy these evils our system
must be simplified and the powers of '
government restricted, the power of
rings and monopolies must be bro
ken up, the political atmosphere must
be purified, and the supremacy of the
will and interests of the people must
be asserted. To accomplish these
ends a new Constitution must be i
framed by a Convention of the peoa a
ple called for the purpose, and the %
party in the majority must elect at
government to carry out its princi. 1
ples, which will be responsible to its f
constituents, and for which its con- I
stitnents will be responsible. Let us I
have a straight-out Democratic plat.
form, a straight-out Democratic tick- I
et, and if successful, as we must and
will be, let our policy be to carry
out pure Democratic principles in the
conduct of governmental affairs.
Researches into animal nature has
certainly produced wonderful-surgical
results, and investigations into vege
table nature has given us that excel
lent tonic and blood purifier, Home
Stomach Bitters.
Cotton RBeelpts.-
Reeeived previously, fi144 bales.
" during the week 23 "
Total 6167
Edward Groves, an old and popular
steamboat Clerk, died in Netw Orleans,
d trheomatism of thie heart, on Fri.
day, the 12th of this omonth. He was
a native of Utica, State of New York.
ease to Rapides with his patents
when a young man, and was in tlhe
8Jh asrt of his age.
Speaker lushl's JMode.
Autlitor,lJ ] .l i. 1:«,le a nmeu'mber
of the State l:o;ard ,I of Liquidlation by II
law, and ho i. otmpelled to act as 4'
Secretary of the Board. Hlis duties
as such are oneroaus-anid coirnlOton p
justice requires, while the public de- ii
mands, he should be reasonably coin- tl
peansa;ted therefor. l'pon applyling
for the pay, heretofore allowed the It
Auditor as `ecretary of said Board, ft
there imnmediately sprang up "a legal tl
question." that "thing" with which h
this State has been cullred for the e
past seventeen months. Spenker a
Bush, it seemns, is acting as the Don e
Quixote in the defence, and for the a
propagation of "conservative reforml,"
and he, poising his lance tilted into a
the opinion of the Attorney General, p
given on this point at issue and which e
opinion Auditor Jnmel blased his de n
lands ulpon.S
Thel jnutness of Mr. .lJumel's claims
were recognized by the board, and 1
very properly in our opinion, not t
withstanding, Mr. Bush's protest anid a
vigorous den(egoguecal frothing. 0
Speaker Bush has assumed entirely t
too ninny duties, has constituted him- e
self tlhe guardian of entirely too much(
"'sentiment," for his calibre and stand- a
ing. The history of his own attempt
to sect're pay for' hIis services as a,
imem'ber of the sanie board, when a, I
such his duties were but advisory antli
not chlrical, is too fresh in the plb
lic iind to be obliterated by such
cheap clap trap as hiis "protest." Don
Quixote Bush seems to be acting in
a founrfold capacity on the "public
hoards"; he is ex-speaker of a leg
islature which for stupility and 'aNut
of reform will never, we hope, I'he
equaled in any State, he usuirps the
functions of "law ollicer" of the State
Ipoili ivci'ry' occ'siolll wvhere he,, an
din the public ear withi hiiis si- penny
reform ideas : he has a solenii and
never let go g lp upon t lhe tail of the
S'Conservative elemient." which he
evidently proposes to "hold up," and
last but not least lihe is a little too d--d
mnanimous a candidate for go -,'rnor
Sin l8rO.
The above we consider a pretty fair
picture of Bush. That he is wrong
in being and doing these things we
t dent pretend to charge, but we do
say that he shonuld confine his exer
eise on these hobbys to his own "ring."
and we protest most humbly against
his attempting to palm himself off as
t reformer of pure metal, when every
reading man in the State knows him
to be one of the galvanized and then
washed at that.
We beg of him to retire, he has
ceased to lie amusing, even.
IT appears that the recent disclo
snres regarding the election frauds in
Florida have caused the greatest sen
sation of this peculiarly sensational
administration. To us who for ten
long years have had such bitter ex
perience of carpet-bag election frauds,
it seems strange that the tardy con
fession of McLin and his confederates
should surprise or excite any one.
The Northern masses must be blind
indeed, or must have a fearful opin
ion of our veracity, if they do not al
ready know that fraud of the rights
and contempt for the will of the
majority of the people, constitute the
basis of the hayes structure. Is it
possible that they have doubted the
truth of our wrongs 4 It may be so,
as otherwise their hatred might prob
ably have forced us to endure them
yet longer. But it is hard to realize
that a man of suficient intelligence to
obtain a seat in Congress could be
lieve that Hayes was really elected,
and does not know that the electoral
votes of Florida, South Carolina and
Louisiana were counted for him
through the basest frauds and out
rages. All must know it and his par
ty friends cannot escape their share
of the responsibility. But time makes
all things even, and we hope the near
future has in store a fearful reckon
ing for the "visiting statemen" and
other innocent brethren who concoc
ted and perpetrated these villainies.
Mr. Davis' letter published in this
issue justly reprobates the admission,
so common with a great many, that
we went into the war to settle the dis
pute between the sections and having
been defeated we gave up tile contest
and submitted to the conqueror. We
have always repudiated the idea that
the war was waged for the destruction
or defense of the institution of slave
ty. Slavery was not the cause of the
war or any of our troubles, but a pre
text and aggravating circumstance;
the war was not the principal strug
gle nor the ens of it. Our quarrel is
not sectional, although it has assumed
that guise. The contest in this coun
try is over a.living principle and has
Snot ended, and will not be abandoned.
The vital principle of the republi
can party is centralization, the
greatest power to the government and
the least liberty to the citizen; while
the vital principle of the democratic
party is individual liberty and State's
rights-the largest liberty to the citi
zen and only well defined, delegated
powers to the government. This
principle is the bulwark of our liber
tr ties. The struggle for its maintenance
, began almost with the creation of the
world, and will last to the end of time,
if need be.
Cane river is still on the "down
erade."
Th'e (real ..
i n I.' hi y tIri ,' ii , 133 ,i s4 1 'i11" ' lt.
Th' 1,' i, th:" t I -l o'e ' I lll 'eiPng n-H
Ph,] " p-ºun l . 11 ou1, h il;v eveº=e th ,
lesult l f a plw"id n, ;il .le,- ,u ,
this great and pwu dial wMtl\
well ealh'ulated to di.courl':t.lge '\cr .
lover of flee ins)titil ons, ;lunl cl rv
flie0nd of ret publicaI govel'IIIIeut. II(tf
I the voit ofthe people P as Cexl ResS3('
by the hallot is not respecte d and e- -
eisive, the elecltive fi';tc hi3i i.' a framiud
and a delusion, and whenu it.Lecame
evident that the llld radical conspir- h
Uav was itS H oII to (' SIIes('e sfull] throlll)llh.
what setemed to us, the contem ptih'le h
Sanld e'l IIdly submiion of their iop-l i
inllerits, we weIre toiroughly digiust- '3
I ed, as well as larieInd for the per
annany3 1c o our11 form of govllernmIleni*i
Say whit we may of law and order. of
Ipeace, iquiet, and civilization, tlhe'
1 3mud)-sill of our institutions i niight- -
the pow3er of resistance, the spirit 1
1 and ability to maintain and delend 1
o3r rights iagainst iall olllers; and L
Sthe people who eet, and the man
- elected shouldl maintain the patty
I elected in office at any and ;ll inazards;
and in doing so they should not be'
t actuated by a 3h,tion to individuals'
1on the ote li hdii, or o11 the other' by
love of tlic'e, but. devotion to a; great t
prih 3ipl3 e should prompt all necessary
sacrifice from both sides. Tihlen was 1
i elected and ihe should have been in
n stalled and maintained in ofllice at the I
n cost of wa 'r, it iteed he ; and we were
( disgusted and dismaye'd when we
saw it was not to be done.
t Buit the introductiot of the i(immell
' bill, the diselosnures of McLin, Conk
p ling and othler' more or less intimetely
Sconnecteild ith the' conspilary, and
the (ongreisn3al investi,.atioo which
is about being had, give evidence
that the A 3melic ain penple mae not coln
te ent. witli the great frhau;l nd an re not
di')osed to allow it to go iunpulnished.
1Ha ve'S )my lhave shown1 somei sense
( of junstice and liberality, for w hich he
r may deserve etedit, or which lniay
hll e 'lh,, tl!le ineviti hl reliP lt of
r till, neessitie': of hi4 sitalntion : but
g in any event hi is none the leis .1
' willing larty to thii `~.enat frand
to which should and Imost, it' ftree giov
r- ernment is to survive, he mercilessly
." punished. He and his co-conspira
st tors have been guilty of an outrage
1s upon the elective franchiise, a crime
'S against the genius American liberty,
m and they deserve the execration of
'1 every one WIo lohves liberty or jnstice.
It is cowardly to cry out for quiet
is and public rest. No amount of pros
perity and cntentment can compern
sate thei iljutry to the body pol
,. itic which a submission to this great
a wrong must work. Eternal vigilance
3. is the price of liberty, and a people
al who canu snmnlit to this outrlage Iupon
o their right of self-government for the
- sake ,f peace and quiet and rest, are
fifirly on thie road to become fit sub
. jects of any usnurping despot who has
Stie nerve to seize the reins of gov
. erinment and drive tlihemto their tax
4 paying tasks. Let Hayes be investi
i. gated and let himn be unseated if pos
1- sible; or at any rate let him and his
ts party be crushed by the weight ot
le infamy heaped upon them by the
io explosure of their base crimes, and
itforever dliven froo pioweIr. Let it
le he known that we are still a free peo
o, ple, that we have a will of our own,
,. and tha)t it must be respected. Let the
m infamous fate of these tricksters be a
ie warning to all future conspirators,
to and our goverunment will have a new
Slense of life.
The Shreveport Times has a very g
sensible letter from a prominet citi ii
zen of DeSoto on the true policy of a
our farmers and the relative advan- a
tages of our State, taking DeSoto as a N
sample, over Texas and other States.
He notes the same improvement in
DeSoto we observe here to a limited
extent. Whereas we formerly pur- o
chased our beef from Texas, nod
most if not all of it is raised at home. a
More attention is being paid to stock, t
grain and small crops of all kinds, the 11
people are not quite sa, insane about
cotton as formerly. They have not
fully recovered from this mania by t
any means, but there is vtry conside
rable improvement and in a few years
we will have a prosperous country
full of independent farmers.
It seems from actual experience i
that even now it has been found to
pay to carry cattle from DeSdto to
Texas-that is, they can be bought
cheaper in DeSoto than in Texas.-
There is no doubt but that small far
-mers can succeed much better by di
versifying their crops and by paying
due attention to stock of the various
kinds, than they can by raising cot
ton and buying their supplies of pro.
visions, horses, &o., from other mar
kets. This last is a ruinous policy,
e and our unhappy experience has ful
d ly demonstrated the fact. Let our
le farmers pay more attention to stock
ie and small crops, and less to cotton,
+8 work industriously and wait patiently
. and live within their means, and in a
'd few years they will find themselves a
is prosperous, independent and happy
r- people. We have a fine country and
it will soon recover from its present
ie depression. We have already begun
the process of recuperation. The fi
nancial condition of the country is
very stringent, but the people are be.
rn coming more independent and self
snstaining.
2 P'sin u w. n i thn e l.i
I .vti 1 t: .11.11' - i lln brill A't"lt :h1(t it l liti ll
ifstl ' ti-'f a- iltl (ti ll/ d t11':11, ns as ti' -
1.(\ I lt'is oll us, I 'e,jllhl.(j'i :1t,, ' i l -t \ 1
li ,'.i t, ' ll, 1 1an'c k l' lt l" :,'I th i r ',''
1l.nd, it t,' lls of w it . a i,, r eh. i' l1
i' l;nt illn lth" st,,,, at ijti, 11 . ilvl!an ;"ai ht.
li'ht I' eti.',. :tn' .t I hat hii tin
,f t'l l, \\ 'i- i nl i l: 1i It. ,, l llll, I rn d el' ! t, i
' ni~ i rn e t tl O iti t, t h ti ' I he'ih ,
1', f N' , t' 1'-lfthe Ir \ ?i,,p ' ", c lilot rgo iitj l ii ,t i ,.
iin,1 a n t il.d ;l il l i , on t a1ll, Iot l -'!.
Al t -,.lcvI, 1l l !,eII \ t , ,l.'s , tl!a i ln n ti ls tft;
hn Il re oln d , ti mi ahI n , n fte l a it ' tl'i'rI Ilof
ilotwers, soatl awne d t i1ti heoi'init
of Mai ell int of ' h ll n !  l11. hi l, eml-illL lid '
( i e lo"nt . s; ti i e i illit ie l 1tit' tt; oinr' iltr '
i'Earl ill tti l I1t11' ler t ,hell lt t i otn'll ini
t i esent of tntn tili 4 Co in d nliditl , ht riti ht
, ve ll ili'h'rcu. ll n lt r perse l ii h 1 l i m, h . il-y
la , ie . nla, b lti' iiil Inil rqoliV - iin n,
iand slail l n. d "-El ( i t o i i al to 11111 the
i l( ,st of thil' l\ltui o lf Ml ay, l \''Ol. . :11,y!
'\ rleft' shhi -e" lri\t', a1 hlil t 'he"re t ,
cl'a'n l l t-hf ti-dlhoiZ I ' o h,; EhlM . t labs.
Dlo \wood. Pith,. Iickuitr, and oi thi' ftr
thence il ,tt' , rinl': of the little lo',lks e
neath the foreý"t shade, i til 1,1i.,h l .all:,t
T htl n th tll ll - u 1'i; + u ith "' -ill : f lit'h
cro\Bing of t' it li'n loi' l i ttI any
Qen 'h'ii ahi'ektinle(e tit Honor in
lisping al en'tits : ithe rustic 'thbln' Ins:h,4
with every delicacy and need tllr .th' in
tier lili : the soni ill , jest Ind liaughter,
whirh 7t i. :I Ill'\\w lll(oldly" to the lassili',
hri,;,ze, a, nd1 turns the ilnmintl iy ol'lil',
it into a iilillllhal .";,.:4 lit' rejo, i ingh and
l hidness. It wtas, Ill re I'i 1'll ]!i;t
y \\'ednesd,:., "hen olvelr oim hiitnlredI of
`pent the 11: lil.". its ulnll r g 'oilts
,l ,,li;egre. lilll' i g,7 thl \1 ih! 'lowers froni
the hill sides,. and i. eniii g honmte' war11
cro\'ln wiih w it l'l',',igreien and ferun.
Our M;iV day Will h, lo ,g reIl ethtrl'l
"" b, the little ones 1hio r'e(l'll'l hillhome
'' Iith tired lim ; a,,u : wuar' firmi s to  i e
d It' f loln and dl'lami tlht:t a s;lvtil airy {;ill '
i1' court, to thh:ni :l11 heatihi their lives
If "\ ith * itoil h of ltwl' liiliic \\fi lll.
i We are. pilei:lased to know that tli" ,\\ holeI
S ituiihr w'.. a snci{,is' that ,i\\llle the
children Mauhli the i o:ilt s ring with thleir
n-l'rry V-iet,,: anal the sages talked pºoli
ties., ti ii'. anal \c ilghty s.i jech s with
iecomlinh, dignity: y"nu " lsie'i and ]ill.
Mies stole ail!y in quiet nooks to talk of
\l what only the e es dare tell, and staid
Iminatrous were only solicitons fur the wel
,<fare of their helpless chargl,g ,ot :ii n in
ef cident neurreil to n1:1r the enijoylmeint
e. and good feeling shown on all side's.
ot Ah, Alwe need these Mial canials ofteni
times in onr lives, for they bring \\ith
themn only Joyful meliorihs and a softin
i ing inhlhenc'e whichihl betters human rli
tore and miikes man feel as if there were
nriesent iiionth of hauds ailid blas,,mas.t
New Orleansa, l.. April 7i, IS+>.
To J. II. Cosgrove. Natchitoches, La.
Two hundred and sixty-two, big and
little, Prnssian Pol:mand ('atholic Emi- 1)
grants here from '',tltll Anmerica. wher
they havr been fir the past two years,
and were badly treated. W'hat induce
mients (can your parish or peopl' oilffer
them ? They are healthv, strmong, in
dnstrious, and without nmnev. bint wil
lini to work. Ausw-'r to W n. Ilo!el.
P'residcttt Elitgratiam in're<n.
E. A. BlI'IKE.
We call attention to the above tele
gram from ;Major Burke,. regarding the. F
arrival of the Polish Emigrants from
South America. Probably no more fa
vorable opportunity will present itself
for us to nake a valuable addition to
the working Ipopulation of our Parish.
These people are on their return from V
South America whence they had immi- ft
grated, and where they failed to estab- a
lish a satisfactory foothold, and they
are in a very destitute condition, so -
much so that the ever liberal spirit of
New Orleans has been appealed to for
their charitable relief, Under these cir
cumqtances it will be an easy matter to
induce them to settle among us, aln in
a few years they would be counted with
our best and most substantial citizens.
It is true we have poverty enough
"among ourselves, and are in poor condi
tion to help the needy from other lands,
hut these hardy Poles with their patient
industry. countitute a capital much need- I
t ed here. Sturdy, willing workers of the
soil are what we need to make our coun
try materially plbsperous and independ
ent, substantial white citizens are want
ed to secure our political welfare. Will
not some of our enterprising citizens
take action in this matter as suggested
by the above dispatch ?
When a fellow tips his hat to you a
Ihundred yards ottf, inquires most par
ticularly abshout the health of your fami
- ly, and praises your good healthy looks
. though you may he as lean and lank as
a mangy cur, set that mtan down as a
- candidate and pin him tight. We have
g been saluted, those inquries have been
8 made to us and our looks praised and we
know whereof we speak.-Marksville
Bulletin.
I. -
All passenger trains on Texas
railroads are now heavily guarded. On
13th just a short while after the west
bound train on the Texas Pacific railroad
'I passed this place-at 12:55-it was dis
Ik covered that telegraphic communicatin
, with the westhad been interrupted. the
y railroad officials at once became uneasy,
fearing that another robbery had been
a committed as one was anticipated. The
a wires are still open west of Arlington,
yy but an accommodation train from Fort
id Worth this morning reports all quiet,
and that the train last night arrived at
ut that place.
Il ..- -- -
H- Theodore Tilton can now tile
his petition against Henry Ward
1" Beecher. Damages--loss of wife and
e- conviction before the world of being
If- a dung-b.hill in not killing the de
stroyer of his happiness.
NE\ ;\V \I)VIT1SI $ ENi'. A
VEGETINE
For Dropsr,
\,, 1 il' liv ulil; I hit. ' ' . t 1 til' l' it l ath 'r | ill
.h ,. -,!:. !.It , \', , :: , "" .....I
1, , 1 I I,1' I , , , t 1 I ! ' . , ! ' . t1
n. I, 1 'i I
., i _I. "' 1 \. ' Ui " .
I i 1 1!.i I.. i L
Ii I t
I:,' I I ''V I i, \ ' -. I IIt 1 li 1 h .
1 'I' I il - tl . 1 11 " l ' , I. 1 11 ..
SFor ki H ada.ch r.
Vý
MtJ-. 1A11 . MtS l EI
I bot ll ll , .:i , 1 f ll. ,, 'v l :i \ h ,1 . " 'I , .
I1h:l ti ell iv \ 'l ll I "i . .. ,, \k Is \ 1I 1 .':
i lll ii iti in
hII;. \D I ' l 'i l nIi. t;i llin i: it I I i.lit' i it
VEE. TINEN TN.
T. t 11. 1 1. i s is:i'. l E i- ll . h.l Vlil \
pll i tcl . I' l : it' ll hit sill ( . 1 ItIt ll' I .vhllh '
ltilli 11 t' ii ii. . i,'\1:11 II lii l Itt Ih Il ii.ill i 'lit i' th t l
4'1 ] ilt '. l .11: 11',:,. '. . I.l( l,,\` Ill.|1i' Vl 1 \ , . :. f i .
t I a'tll
VEGETINE.
r. R i. iltll
ea Sir . I ht n Vst,,i- fh rl
1 h I ;at e t Il Illi\11,'\'"' rit I i ihe a ti y f
,,,^ i- I o ', i " all.
11i, ... 1 1.S ( .E 11.
411 Th.rRV 3 A .
1 .li ti u'., lit- h r ( ii S ld It l tnl l'iigr i s1t.
I i b helt :1 ll't ! i, .1:mi 1:1'1 n l 1111. th f tw ri ei s S ,'l
uI teta. h.i". V--l , ti ll,- e:t l bI ' .: to he :  a, l ','
,, art,., i ,llulpl l n fth arious 1 uses rt til
VEGETINE
It . ' r , .. I ' Ivi l-ev bl t, 1 1 ,41 .
T- 'D11 tol" w' "l i t s : it hi vel  ll fill' Ill 1-1li t'
s" 'liik I'of it. I hrl n w it is -i ll gool tawl ici::t
1'0,i c the, ,ao liilint . \\r' w'hic'h it ir, rcomwit b Ih li
I1 u \,' 11" is a i It p w ll n tlt' ol. :1 ,1
fathlrs a, wl t tllh .v : fui it _i l|'s thein tisti-l'!ir-t
i et- 111: , 11:11if :r ^r h, ; \-,1 il'e l t hern N a .lt
VEGETINE.
IDear" Sir We have ho, n °llin_ vour valtuihl
reE.H~) t
HENRY A. WALMSLEY, ,K
(Seeess(r to 31. II. ('.\I IERI.)
SI-'.!.l.1h IN
I D IY (; )(i ..
;i :lES, B
BOO'T'S.
CLOTHINO,
S1O(' K "E I YVA UE 11'. &C., &C.,
Also a ge, ,tra;l litra .:1 Plantation and
Family u1ppili'1"
May 4. 17s>.
NO ICE.
;laNilng sioll ou11t IIy 'lltile s8tck to,
IENRY A. VWAlM.LEY. son of C. L.
Walmsley Esq.. I hwg to solicit my old
friends and eno1('nwlrltllll, tIo extelnd1 to himut
a slhare of the p'atr"o ugre hitherto so
liher:lly bestowed ,non mre.
I11. I CAIRVEI.
PHOTOGRAPHY!
14( 6 1;nltlished in I144
B, & C. MOSES,
( )f New Orleants.
JAMES C. MOISE,
Of Natchitoches.
WTILL OPEN IN NATCIIITO('IIEA -
ILL 1. 1th 1I7', at the LA('OSTE
HALL. .1
We are. I,,rc,''ed to take alt exceedingly
low 1picv.,
A mnurotypes, (I.1ls..
1' rrºotyleS. PloP'elaiutypes,
I ;.,rytylºes. Photogralhsl ,
('hrnmo Plhotogrh:is,
Miroseopic do
Life Size, do,
In every style of the art.
We gilarntee our work equal in execu
tion and finish to the hest Photographic
Est:ablishment in the United States. t
'April 27'78-tf.
RAFFLE
1 RS. ELIWANDI)O GARZA will raf
. 1t lie, for the benefit of the children
1 of Elisandro Garza E lq., dee'd.
A ITANSSOME GOLD )
WATCH, CHAIN & BRACELET
n TICKETS ONE DOLLAR EAC('H.
d Which can b,i had at. this Ofiice, nnd at
Plun ix S:doon,
28 ,Saloonl,
L. Cartel's Saloon.
M. 11. Car'er's.
M1cCook & Bro's
ST. chuman's, a1l
Levy & Phillips.
Raffle to take place on
, ay 13th.
it -~-
Diseases of the EYE and EAR.
le Dr. Ct. 3A. A.B. D,
d OCULIST AND AURIST.
142 Canal St. New Orleans, La.
- Hours from 9:30 to 3:30.
April 20.-tf.
I T11ý \ t.v. 1
'.1..
* ~ Ii 'I I.
, '
. '1:11 1* '
II 1 , I
. .i .
011.i 1 nt ,:t t iir t an I'u
1 , i t t, of \:lE l it - ;. i I
All htleii-i's ie ' hl tlhtd t, hii r\,i r' wt ill
Y , rit"" mi" tllll t :ill, n ioln .lr 1:I -13 1
. . ,'E I l hi( i INflh.,hS J-,llb'lrl, ill
toil condition. For 'l'eTtri Ill ii
-- - sL
Onw and ; : un.
1 Si arn. L iS B RO i iI. 1
'--i
0i I)tn tre I ..i..t I:,te, , i.
H oeeri.ln ('Co Il:lnI
P. ~, .,.< '". S.l\ r !'t l iE'S, 1.I.
F )I.€.1II) Hl, ASI-II' -.
The, Phn':iix h ,il- onl oin \ lifi and l, i
eiaters for lpllich. tivi',oi's.
JI !'! cii.ren Su</dlathI
has taken claire ld I)AN niw dispenses
thel choiitrst
BRIANDIEs,
LIQUIls.
RICH ST. LOi1S B1EEt O I)AF'T'.
S Don't foret, ye thirsty, the [l.:m'lX
on St.)Denis ltreet.
I[Feb. 24-1y
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS,
NOTI('E.
Succ'ession q/ EdIlrard L. Lcris, dec'd.
l[tS. SARAlI JANE L. LEWIS, sur
il viving wiilow of Edward Ii. Lewis.
having aipplied tfor the administration of
tile succession of Edward II. Lewis, de'tl. 1
Notive is hereby gi vni to all whom ii
may co(cernl to show cause, within ten a
days fiiomi this ldate why the appllietioin
of the petitioner should not be granted.
Witness the lion. P. A. Siminous, .Judge
of said court, this 2d day of May, 1874. t
JOHN LAPLACE,
.May t-2t Deputy Clerk.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
J. W. Cotkerhauu vs. ). .Boullt Jr.. et al.
D)istrict Court-No. 5206L. I
BY VIRTUE of a writ of seizure and
sale in the above ecutitled ani nlin
hered suit, aijnd to me directed, I have
seized and will offer for sale to tihe last
and highest bidder ait the door of the
colrt house, inl tihe city and arish of
Natchitoches, onl
Saturday, the lest day of June, 17P,t
the fillowiung plroperty, to.wit :
A certlin tract of land or plantation
laying and being in the Parish of Natchito
ches, State of loloisi:lna, and being the
South East fractional qunrter; the West
half of the North Erast quarter and East
fractional half'ofhlle North West fraction
al quart er of sect ion I, Townshitp 9. ;Rage
(i, containilng two hundred and fifty-one
42- 1)0 acres, and six hunidred and thirty
seven 33-100 acres of land lhing and lay.
ing in section 62. s:ane Township and
Range, being in all eight hundred an d
eighty-eighit 75-10l) acres, together with
all the huildings and implrovements
thereon.
Terms of Sale.
CASI--with the benefit of appraise
ment.
A. P. BREDA,
April C7-t ,s. Coroner,
SNOTICE.
Suteeession of Trantquelin Leromle.
OITAVIA LECOMTE anldinistratrix.
having filed in the Clerk's Otliee of
the Parish of Natchitoches, her final ac
count of adlnilisitration with tableau of
debts, &e , with her petition praying for
. their honmologation and her discharge
from said iladmiuistraltion. All liersons
interested are lnotified to show cause
within ten days from this publication,
why said prayer should not be granted.
W. H, TUNNARD,
April 20.-2t. Clerk of Court.
I '1'. t.,. ;li 1- . 4; 441I' lV.ra ( I'7 ,4
~,·i . i W. 4:. It lIA 14~r!. 1: AI( StllP~1 rt
·I S!\\. B. W:,4I1 11t. ' 4ih'
4. '1 . 4 i 'hi Ii. :I 4 II it (' a t, n ta f
t}", It rl 't "t \I tt jit r l 4'1 ofd~
44 4 4 l '1 nu llmlte
i I F't 11 ..1I ' Xf ( 'Dart
1 I n4 li 4 , '([.(ý 4": :311 ,
C . '1 . Ih~ . :I I 1: 1 ' rti, l
f i 4" ' '\ 4 1: 1 Il l4 4',44
I "111 1. ; '
"11. I'. 1 11 1~1!. It l'It'tt'Ji..t :i1'i'I"V " H l'1.1
I : 1 t : ' I .t ..I. ".r ,_.." l I X ` P roth r o
I It ·n II' trtili CI ýli
1 4 1\ . ' 1'I /t 0nt4
4 I \'. 4; 4h r t l lk
.1 ,I.- {;![ i i S ltvllt It, 1 )tteof o
I u 4 I
i/ ~ ·il! ·I·11 :Ir S "lrlit+'ths
V I tI l t'\41t t't 4 atl 44
4 4 I ' ! . I, I . r 1 ;.1ir4 Ih~lkt,
\ 44, 4 Ii., 1 ;1 . 11 ,~i4 t* ('\ i
t ' i i ' Irv Ik' Olc icely
! ..t t I . \ . i. N a , a dW nfwl .,
til ta4 1~t a tlteljnert
'.. u" !.\ l't.a. a iclls 114.t ll, d~ o
-. - tr *\tr .1I.,1. " . I). \1'a~
*+ t 'hA', i II .t). TI rNaigD
*\ l 1u 4.(;t1 II 1:k1.r4iitli'4 ('falrt
SilEIIFF'N SALE.
I' .q,:ri & )I tlriiIh v.s. ,John .1. A. Matia
I ) ' vii rlU , a i lit of ii. Fa. .is'ed
) in h,.1 alidv,, ,ntitlel a lnd Iumb1erId
Sst, uatl to tiet directed. I haveseird
id wuill othir fr l sale to the last and
hi-lheslt hilder, at the door of the Conit
I lous,' in tilh. city tid parish of Natchito.
i l's, oll
Sltutrdalty, the 4th Ilty of 3betl, I,
tihe' fillowing ,ieserild il lui'rlto to.wit:
'T'he north west 'ili:ttle' of north
east llllrti'r of nortllh ,west qllarttr,,a.
tion 4. township . t, '.;t" .. eotaini8l
)1-1uih I e .
olith ie:ol (il:larti'r ol iortl at qn ar.
t'l.". sectionl . ItowliNhil~ . ra:ng'9, to
taiu inlg 4 i ;ti-I h l1() :; .ri. .'i .
ior*th \et qurII'r of s11111h ealstl qitar
tel'. sN.ttion i4. t , town ti s ,. range ',r
ta cnlts 4ii -109 7-11 n 'rs. s.
Aith, the'st tohl of soluth et stilar~
trof. seti o e tsit t"ushltr . setion 4, 1to~
t:ining in th1' as' 'Zrl gate 911 44 1thensi
Akio the whole of south west tt
ship i, t'ang' .. eontaining 40 96 114
21)1r 11e:' h ,t ' t Itill tI4, 11111'. lit lels.
AlsI it it east u'l'rte t of solth We ot
cttlnitr, section 4,i tris t shii i', rangetio ,
ter imrll orth w.st "yllatrr of norll
Lwe't i rter of section IrI towenshipt
range 'Y , .'intaining it o, 5i-10 acrer.att,
gether with all tlh lnihlings and Ita
priovelients thSlreon
t i il,,nd of llos. 1n,,r.- or hess.
a.u00 liset of nluber, minote or less.
Terms of ,ttle :
(hl a ( r'dit of twhelve rusilths, theie pt.
chaser to ecette his twtelve n)ntlth bd
'for the pmr'hn,-r lprice, with good sec
rite in solidt,. and to he flrther seented
x .y special mortt,,age on the propertyohl,
said bhnd to nar eight per cent iunlt
from liay of sale
1). 11. lt)1; LLT, Ra..
April 113.-this Sherif
Shleriffs Sale.
C'aspri & l )eitrieh vs. N. F. Darnal1.
Parish Court-No. 1C9:.
1) Y VIRTITF of : writ of seizlret aRI
Ssalu, in the abot , entitled and noei
bered suit and to mne directed, l hti
seized and will olli'r for sale to the l1a
and highest, hidder, at the d.or of t
Court house, in thl ecity aind l arilth
Natchitoches, on
Saturday, the 4th dat of Ma1 , I8r78
theI foillowilng property, to-wit:
Lots Nos. 1:1, 1f, 21 and 22, siteUti
in springville. near the cite of N1atcb
ihes, with all the building and inipito
tients thlereon, being the smne acquiqt
hby the defendanit N. F D)arnell, from t#
Corporation of N atchlitoclhes, oni the i7t
Ilay o"f O)ctlobr, li 1
Also lot No. 12, near the Pump SpyiI
being t he salue acquired by the dertend
N. F. Darnell, front Elizabeth Devin,l1
with all thle builling andi improveD
thereon.
Terms f Soe'S :
On a credit of twelve months, tlieS
chaser to execute his twelve noi
bond for tllhe purchase price, with 
security in soli 'o, and to be furthr'
enredl by speti:1 mIortgage on thei
plrty sold, said b lnd to hear eigbtP
cent interest from day of sale.
D. 11. it11;LLT, Jr.
April 13 tsShe
Sheriffls Sale.
Jeroime Sarpe'y and Neristinl MetOyer"
Wmi. H. Boullt.
I Y virtue of a writ of seizureaind
) inl the above entitled suit and _
5directed, I have seized and will Od e
sale to thIe last ani highest bidder
the door of the Court llouse in thiet
and parish of Na:tchitoches onl,
Saturday, ltth day of May, " 1
the followinig describned piroperlty to
A certain lot of ground it i ,t
and parish of lNatchitoclies, il
dwelliig house and imnproe'eun.t
on, said lot being on the North ide
Derlis street, froitiig on tid
bhounded East by tbe lot belong*
f Trheodlore Sifniuanu, Kest be Third
Spurchasedl by Mine. Desirir Hertsog'
if Dr. Thunrhb,i and purchiasedl by
Xr ant at Snccession sale of llne. i
e Ilertzog, to satisfth lihe vendorsprivi
1s and special lllortgge on said P'P1f
STerms of Sale. e
1. CASH--with the benefit of Lp
April 13-It