,TOWN AND COUNTRY.
St
Weather warm to sultriness. awa
Payne has ice and cool drinks at of C
theo Phnix. tion
No rain during tie week but crops befo
in this immediate vicinity not suffer- e
lug much. low•
Corn crops are a wonder where any
attention has been paid them, and part
the yield will be baundant. We say Con
this, however, "there will be no sur- tEl
us." ate
People don't talk so tiluch of cot- lieI
ton as they did at one tilhe. That eti 1
plant is luxuriating luxtriously her- o
brtheless. Some people got up a and
"irorm scare" but no one was flight- Pre"
,ned much. Farmers can rely upon ,,,1i
abont ten cents, per pound for the the
htaple, if Europe is at peace, if at war,' C'
they will have to spin it up at home. lins
-_ - en"
The scarlet fevet is raging to a fear- ""o
ful extent in oir city amiong children. lit'
'ally fifty cases being reported to iori
ill 1
this date. Hlappily the disease is in
i rentakably mild form and yields tios
teadily to treatment. No deaths so i
tar, thank GodI ! It
MS:RDnER-One Hienry Smith, a col
bred niuin, who who was in the employ of tn
tePaulmier, was'shot and killed by the
home unknown parties on" Wednesday Pr
Migbt last. The body was found on we
thlrsday morning near the hump X't1
.ng, in the stburli of this city. ,,,
emn what we can learn a woman it I
*as the cause of the assassination. of
STILL ANOTHEuR--fob loss, not wil
the radical negro orator, was killed hal
on Wednesday last on Alexandre fru
Iompayrac, a colored mnan's place, on
Old river. No le to the murderer. H;i
We suppose the howl will go Oip Fe
that politics had all to do with this t
and we await with painful anxiety the rn1
fall of another big lie from the lepub- 6
flios.. ta
Aansiness is distressingly dull. Mer- E
6hants, tiechanies lawyers and labor- th
log men are all idle. lleyond the
building of one or two varandas on ha
Front street, the town is dead. An
"interiorite" with a load of pump- no
kins would create as big a panic as
Gabriel would with his little trumpet. au
-- -~---- eq
n oar trip throughonit the parish le
we met many warm and enthnsiastlc re
rfrends .and they are ardent in the ,n,
ause of good and hoinest govern
e most. The situation of the Demn- hi
S tic-Conservative party thronghont or
.g.arish i "just simplnly spendid,h l'
Al:id Natchltoches will give a tine- A
b 1nored old fashioned Democratit
Smajorily. h
:, C. Ross, Esq., of Black Lake, is ni
pllken of for the legislature. Witlh
,ch men on the tickeAt it will be
oii;l tee as Mir. Ross and we f6a
-nothing. p
RAnAD RALLY.-The Demoeraitic- P
oQgp~rvative citizens of the parishl of
i, ebiteches and snrronuding coun- a
- ei am .crdially invited to attend.l
an participate in a GlIAND RALLY t
~atghltocles on MONDAY, AU(4. "a
B 1870. Let every one com. i
+ Wards 7, 8, and 9' organized thids
esk. Let us now hear frotm *ard
d tlihe parish organizatron wilt be i
plete..
iiBoollll says ii.tetntnaito !at- I
teto to rebinai qietly a rionme
nl Novemher aex i to ote the a
)SImoerattc ticket, (Iat Wells
no 8miths nashe shall be used i
repubican ticket in Rapides or
parishes, and if Smith hat got
-returning board" after Ihim the
p. fby tried to fduce Mr.
tl.Citfgham tn rut as an to-
teandidtde'tfor District A(.
lnd assured him of the sap
,f the eoloed eletlba't of the
party. ..ar, Cunaluogbam sob.'
khnw he wasu not that kfnd
Si'h btes aEr .1 ebl tc&a iilt
p, a wil gr at aby gbtle
i  h ,ey .-odo; -it no'
*rias O cnth OAnfirtsee
Sn%.day next, i 12 )L
bsyer Baton Rouge per
~ i MselIA o 2neeaay
B& u of, i or
* *asbei~ ao Mr Jen
J ý '
S
c; ý _
`` ms i ,{k .y yýa s 3
THIE PLATFORM. and
treats
St. Louis, June 28.-The convention legisl:
.was called to order at 2:15 p. mi. tutiot
Judge Meredith, of Virginia, Cha'irman forthl
of Committee on Resolutions, presented the 11
the report. At'tting a great many resolu- ry an,
lions were presented, all of whi'h had king
been carefuldly examiined and discussed tins.
before cosling to an agreement. He re- issues
quested Governor Dorsheimer, of New and tl
York, to read it to the convention, as iil- it. '
lows : woul
TIE PLATFORM.
We, the delegates of the Democratic in rep
party of the United Stater, ill National the et
Convention assembled, do hero declare clasi
the administration of the Federal Gov- the I)
ernment to be in nf1ilnt need of immedi- their
ate ref;rm; dii hereby enjoin upon the taill
nominees of this Convention and of the any c
D)emocratic party in each State a zealous tribu'
etl rt and co-operation to this end, and false
do hereby appeal to our fellow-citizens :"tew
of every formner political connection to betwt
undertake with us this first and most Il est
pressing patriotic dluty. For the Demo- iidiv
cracy of the whole, country we do here tiny.
reaffirm our faith in the permanency of Ref
the Federal Union. Our devotion to the Expe
Constitution of the United State%, with econ.
its ameudentils niversally accepted as a busii
final settlement of the controversies that be en
engendered civil war, and do here record and i
our steadfast conidence in the pIerpetuity a brig
of Republican self-government ; in abso. posts
lute acqluiescence in the will of the ma- petel
p jority, the vital princildes of republics; ie el
in the supremacy of the civil over the patr:
military authority; in the total sepera- the t
s tion of Church and State for the sale INS]
o alike of civil and religious freedom; in le
the equality of all citizens before just perif
laws of their own enactment;
IN THlE LIBERTY refor
of individual conduct, unvexed by sump- in tl1
f tary laws. In the faithful edlncation of Pres
the rising generation, that they may tors,
preserve, enijoy and transmit tlheso best these
conditions of human happiness and hope, peop
n we behold the noblest products of a hun- a pri
tlredi years of changeftil history; but trust
while upholding the bond of our union, lie, t
a ud the great charter of these our rights, Pres
n it behooves a free people to practice also of L1
that eterfial vigilance which is the price as a
of liberty. Retfo-rm is necessary to re
build and establlis; ibt the hearts of the ro
It whole people the union eleven years ago mak
d happily rescued from the danl,'er of a cor- e
rupt centralimini ihich, after? inflicting sent
upon ten States the rapacity of Seer
CARPET-fAG TYRANNIES. es ol
Has honey-combed the officers of the Geit
p Federal Government itself with incapaci- a Se
ty, waste and fraud, infected States and rich
nmunicipalities with the contagion of mis- the
e rule, and locked fast the prosperity Of an men
º. industrious people in the paralysis of ed
hard times. Reform is necessary to es- Pres
tablish a sound currency, restore the cali
public credit, and maintain the nationald coll
r- honor. We denounce the failure for all Sect
r- these eleven years to make good the crin
promise of the legal tender notes which Till
le are a changing standard of valnue in the The
D hands of the people, and the non-pay- choi
ment of which is a disregard of the lest
plighted faith of the nation, We de- tion
p- nounce the improvidence which in eleven then
r years of peace has taken from the people par
in Federal taxes'thirteen times the whole and
It. amount of the legal tender notes, and
squandered four times this sum in use
ih less expense without accumulating any wre
ic reserve for their redemption. We de- teem
nounce the financial imbecility and im- can
ie morality of that party which, during cun
- eleven years of peace has made no ad- flnt
varice toward resumption; that instead, con
* has obstructed resuniption by wasting not
at our resources and exhausting all our sur- pov
h plus income, and while annually profes- offit
' sing to intend fora
'e- A SPEE)DY RETURN TO SPECIE rev
it PAYMENTS
has annually enacted fresh hindrances cha
thereto, as such a hinderance we de
nounce the resumption clause of the act
th of 1879, and we here demand its repeal.
We demand a jndicious system of pre
Sparation by pgrbli ecenomies, by official
f etzehmenr atd iby- Wise tinane'wblob
shall enable the nation to insure the
whole world of its perfect ability and its
perfect readiness to meet any of its proui
ises at the call of the creditor entitled to
Spayment; We believe such a system,
well devised and above all entrusted to
of competent hands for execution, creating T
n. at no timne an artificial scarcity of cur
rency and at no tiilm alsaiing the pub
id lie mind into a withdrawal of that vas
Y ter maehimie"y of credit by which ninety
r five per cent. of all business transactions
are performed, a system open; public and S8
inspiring geseral confidence would from
the day of its adoption
BRING HEALING ON ITS WINGS P
rd to all our harrassed industry and set in
be motion the wheels of conmmerce, manu
factures and the mechanical arts, restore
employment to labor and renew in all its ]
national source the prosperity of the
at- people. Reform is necessary iur the sum
and mode of Federal taxation to the end M
me that capital may be set free from distress
the and labor lightly burdened. We de
ls nounce the present taiff levied upon G
d nearly bfon thouisand articles as amaster
piece of injustice, inequality and false
-r pretense; it yields a dwindling/ not a l
yely ritsing revenno; it has impoverish
got e o many inlastries to subeldize a few;
he it prohibits imports that ihight purchase A
ir. therUitets of Ambrican labor; it h:s
Sde'*ded Ameridti Ammerce from the
Io-]f to ah hlferior apon the high seas; L
(.- It hau eat doin, the sales of
,p. AEltRICAi' MANUFACTURES
the |t het and. abroad and depleted the re
turunso A-merican agnriculture or hadus
,o.I try followed by half our people; it coets
Id tile people ive times more than it pip
ir d to the treasury, obtructs the.~pro
 eeesof prodnction and wastes the.it*ts
a1e- of labor; it promotes fraud and fosters
as? smuggling, enriches dishonest ,oiliials
and bankruptp honest mer6hbntmh We
demand that all Custqhniosie taxation
shall be only.f~rrevenne. Reformis nec- y
Mtee eary in -the sale of public expense,
Fe!eral, kate and Municipal; federal
taxation has swollen from $!0,0(0,000
gold in 1800 to $46,0(,00900 ,%utreu, in
:870. Oar aggregate taxation from $18,
t 00),000 gold-ifi 1860 to p730,000,000 cur
rency it 18?8, or in one dedde from less
p an live dollare per head to pre than
sIgletest dollar. per hqgt. ,. Sibce. the
peace the people have paid to their tax
eu: .o than thrice the sum of
$i IW 1~tiou c.0~t7 and Iade than twice I
Stliat iiW . t*ts GFd osvernment
slows. WtCe~eandra re tglity '
i Ineve deparment aand fromi evel of
or "
to put a stop tse 1 Is stil te of
P1hIb lt a lt bers, front ae -
0* tueael,  bythey pi iin wer, w:iich
hearg Iht quandaed two hdre millions of
oel gl~ioti athid alblfe, and out of
len- wi'f J l Ot isdikctl ..to til
oe the b soi felom isessaryoto
gross. d of or treaties, and
hmd-~y. strpped our
fJ mbirth' itktin
gad dr lil Atlantic ofthe
Sin 4do ur and have
el !iS slope
\-
LOCUS
and demand such modification of thli
treaty with the Chinese Empire or such
legislation by Congress, within 3a consti (
tutiolnal limitation as sha.ll lIrc.vetlt I hl
further importation or immigration of
the Mongolian race. Refrilmr is necessa
rv a:,! can never lie e(eted but by ma
king it the controllitig issue of the elec For
tions. and lifting it above the two false
issues with which the oflice-hhlding cheas
and the party ihi poiver seek to smother
it. The false issues with which they N ]
would enkindle
SECTARIAN STRIFE
in respect'to tilhe public schools, of which
the establishmenlut aid ullpport hilonr ex-jr rp
elusively to the several States. and suliceh
the Democratic party has cherished from this ' i
their fotiudatiot iutld tesolved to main- with l
tain without partiality or pre ference for 4,
anlly classt, 5se:t or cre. tl,and without con- The
tributing from the treasury to any. The
false issue by which they seek to light CHI
anew the dicing emlibers of sectional hate
between kindied people once unnatural-. t
ly estranged, but now reunited in one C1n
indivisible republic and a comn.e n des- C
tiny.
f Reform is necessary in the civil service.
Experience proves that the cilicient
economical conduct of the governmental
business is not possible if its civil service
be subjected to change at every election
aI nd be a prize offered at the ballot-box as BRO'
a brief reward of party zeal, instead of
posts of honor assigned for proved comn
- peteucy, and held for fidelity in the pub- LADI
Slic employ. That the dispensing of the
e patronage should neither be a tax upon
- the time of all our public mlen, nor the
B INSTRUMENT OF THEIR AMBITION. Wool
Htere again professions falsified in the 100
perfornrmance attest that tile party in
power can work no practical or salutary
reformn. Reform is necessary even more
. in the higlher grades of public service. CPi
f President, Vice-President, Judges, Sena
y tors, RepresentativeS, Cabinet Officera, me
it these, and all others rn anthority are the
, people's servants. Their offices are not
i- a private perquisite. They are it public
it trust. When the annals of this Repub
, lie, the disgrace and censure of a Vice
y, Preside lit, a late Speaker of the House
o of Representatives marketing his ruling CRO
e as a presiding otlicer, Bo
TIIIEE SENATORS
"e profiting; secretly by their votes as law- J F
a makers, live chairmlan of the leaditg on h
Scnnmittees of the late House of Repre
sentatives exposed in jobbery, a late aca
Secretary of the TreasurXy forcing balanc- ment
es of the public accounts, a late Attorney Ti1
e General misappropriating public imuds, Proa'
i. a Secretary of the Navy enriched or en- ormi
1 riching friends by percentages, levied ott
%. the profits of contractors with his depart
in Imet, an Ambassador to England censur
ed in a dishonorable speculation, the
President's Private Secretary barely es
je caping conviction upon trial for guilty
al complicity in frauds upon the revenue, a
l Secretary of War imnpeached for high TEI
e crimes and eonflessed misdemeanors.
hI THE DEMONSTRATION IS COMPLETE
ie That the first step must be the publioc
- choice of honest men from another party; it w
e lest the disease of one political organiza
e- tion infest the whole body politic and ant
nn thereby making no change of men or bly
e party, we can get no change of measures try
l and Io10 reform;
ALL THESE ABUSES,
ny wrongs and crimes, the product of six- J
Le- teen years of ascendancy of thfRepubli
n- can party, create a necessity for reform
;g ccnfessed by the Republicans themselves.
4- Pnt these reformers are voted down in DR
id, convention dud displaced from the Cabi
ug net. The party's mass of hontst votes is
ir- powerless to resist the eighty thousand
es- office holders, its leaders and guides. Re
form can only lie had by a peaceful civic
IE revolution. We demand a" change of rP
systelm, a change of admiuisttation, a Mtar
chalge of parties, that we may have a -
es change of men.
le
. Spring & Sumer Good- .
IJ.L. OIJIJOI8iRU, "
Corner FRONT A'i CIITURCII Rtreets,
to - NATOHITOCHES, LA. 1st
,m11m
ng (JUST opened, a new assortment of2
S FREUNCH, ENGLISH and
". AMERICAN, Spring and
dSlUMMER GOODS. Consisting iU part of
om AMERICAN AND ENGTLISII
s PRINTS,
in COTTh'cADES, T,
na LINEN D1RILt! GS,
its PRO CHECKS,
the BLEM~AED & BROWN COTTONS,
end MOYJRNING GOODS, pr
d- HITE GOODS OFALL KIND,
Pon GRENADINES and
leo PIQUES,
t a LINEN LAWNS, of all grades.
is- OS8IERY and GLOVES,
ase ARTIFICIAiL FLOWES,
th ILK PARASOLS of all kinds,
Ba; LADIES' ECRU SCARFS,
LADIES'& GENTLEMEN'S HATS,
re- ofons of all De' riptions,
us- TOWELS AND NAPKINS.
pio- Fll assortmenti ot 8HOESi HATS
Sand CLOTHING.
ters In faet al goods that can be called
efor in aD Dry Goods store.
tion * All of which he is offerinrg lit
nec- very low prices.
0nee, March 55, l1f8e.-Ily.
1 GRANGE WAREHOUSE.
cnr- At GRAND ECORE, La,
than J. M: P1olita, Grange Ag;ent.
tax" D lCCiVING, Forwar 1ing and #nr
m of chasing agent for the PatronLsof HuIs- a
meL baindry. All Iuesneas intrmusted to his
eit care wilU reeeive prompt atterition and a
the patrons can reesst  being lib- I
S- erally deshl with l charges, sc.
A siar' of ibmiiari' ir speettfhly o o
licited.
te of March 25 6m.
is of
P' DISTILLERS.
,Con EtNWOOD W minfY. Tnfem good.
are warrdnted strh.tly s pare p i. M ASl
d our wISEY,a. on the old pla of Di~tint
thin. yon, and iprtl ou rly.oqmmnendeo fWo.M
of the DICfLI U1, O Oidrs Soeoeited and
b have protstly Eitidfir 'thiarhoas
slope No. 5297 MAIN STREET,
pm01718jr,UIE LiLTtCKY.
rough April -rly.
".iv. Di~siuilDfli ofPaehJ~hip.
an r B E P A RT NE RSHIP, A est te e- i st-i
intag m rile elrd sa;t!hyl · otWnI
6;olt; ·l, tJ, is diisolide by I _in•ta
o wes atlls b tllitieus tihta e t. *
.as . Ja. e I. " 18? . i
- ' . ,
,..++-_ . ,m, .+++!.-- +j,+:,, .% : +.77,+: +;
' Ca rver T oylor, WE
FRIONT )TREET, Lm'
Natchitoches, La. hal
For the FALL and WIN- ,"~.ll
TER Trade. EDITO
NEW GOODS i 0o]
woIIl,
New Goods!! It
' 'IHE entire sto'k is better and more ble
-t select than any every introduced into ed tily ny
l this n:airket, aul: havig been purc:hasedtl nd Y'
with CASH, can be sold lower than the AGd
Slowe.st A
SThe Motto of the Firmn is to sell will bi
it CIIAPER THAN TIiEi CHEAPEST.
t 07 Cnll and examine our stock, which
e conlsists isn part of It. lhas
- CASSIMERES, teru'v
Ir 'li i
e. JEANS,
it TWEEDS, TlE :
al KERSEYS, .
co Is the
PRINTS, th:ttlil
as BROWN & BLEACHED COTTONS, tion it
LOWELLS -the
b- LADIES' DRESS GOODS,
he TRIMMINGS,
le BLANKETS,
N. Woolen Goods'of all kinds. In cev
he BOOTS, will b
in S11OE, iligs
e LADIES' and GENT'S. HATS. Its
ce. Clothing, a full and Complete Assort. ancre:
la-s as,
Smelt . ! . rande
Crockery, Hollow & Wil- A J
il low Ware.
Ce- A full line of FANCY and FAMILY
1IS
ing GROCERIES, WINES, LIQUORS, &C. One (
Books, Stationary, &c., &c. T'ren
In fact Fifty
SA Fit ESIT and select stock of goods always
on hand, which having been purchased on
re a cash basis enables itus to offer extra Induce- Apl
ments to cash buyers. %enid
t.y Highest cash price paid for cotton tald other
ps, produce, and liberal advances made in cash
Ue- or inorchandise on on signment J
ol March 25-lv.
t
l3Boarding Hounse
s (Corner FRONT and TOULINE Streets.) A
lty NATCIITOCIE8s, LA.
e, a
igh TERMS . Only One Dollar and a half
pTE er day.
TiAVING leased the NARCISSE PRU
>lio DHOMME building, and furnished not t
rty; it with new and elegant Furnitdre. I teed,
ad amr prepared to accommodate boarders, Th
nr both, transient and permanent, and snip- and
rply them with all the delicacies the coun
Stry afibrds. L. H. BURDICK,
April 1-ly. Proprietor. chen
or ,t
six- jamOes Genius, iustu
bli- Corner Jefferson and Amulet Steets seci
>rm
ves. -dealer in" you
t in DRY GOODS, have
GRO is ERIElS, knot
and IIARDWARE, Loni
strnu
l AND GENERAL MERCHANDISE. er he
3 of IJ Bargains offered to CASH ers. , of in
t, a March 25-ly _ten_
Lc a thll
_NATOCITOCelS tha
ted.
d. HIGH SCHOOL
----
I opened for the reception offuiile' on
MONDAY, 3d day of APRIL next
Classes to be of three grades.
1st Elementary Spolling, Re:aling, Wri- For
ting and first rules o;f Arithictic.
t of 2nd Same continued, with History, Gc
ography, Oral Arithltnetic, use of
[ lobes, English (Grammar, Rhet ric,
Exercises in Elocutiod and Composi
md tion
3rd Higher or Univeridty Arithmetic,
it of advanced Mathenzitics, Natural and
Moral Philosophy, and the Ancient
Languages. (Litin and Greek.)
T1EtM8:
Tuition, for Firis Class, per month $3.00
" " Second " " 4. 00
, " " 'Third " " " 5.00
(Payable monthly.)
)S Board can be had in the city with y
private families, from $10 to, $12 per
monoth: C
f)W. C. JACK, tor
D March 25--tf. Principrfl. wi
for
-DEALER IN
SDRY GOODS,
inds, GROCERIES,
HARDWARI ,
ATS, and GENERAL MEiiCHANDISE.
E)IS W Bargains to Casit Customers.
INS. JivsansoN STREE''.
IATS Marci 25-l-!y.
- WhESTEI'OSUNABliDGED
bI CTIONARY. a
FOR THE SCHOOL ROOM.
30h0 Engravinp; 1840 Iuarl, rindNl$
A NEW FEATURE.
ltr- To the 3000 Iuusa.ln~noss beretofo0e in Web- b
f He- . ter'a Unabridged we have added four plgies ofc
to his OLORElID ILLUSTRATIONS E
ie and egr sressly for the wol .it large ex
agNe rhib- Eery State Snperhiteudeut ef Pubdi
lIntraetionin ithe Union, or.corrysponding of
fl o eer, where much an one exits, las ~aeomjtnd.
et Webster's Dictionary in the atro uest C*mu.
Among eu fire tiose of alrn r
m l r ad~ead West ates
TY-IKGItT [ alt.: -
Tie State oiNW nORIE ha . plaed to
Seople of Webhster's Unabridge in as manys ofe
P't*8 ose .oI.ONslbout 50-nearly a
MlASl evey Sehool.
D ,.tlla T Sate pf MICmofGAX ade Ia w ovn
e sad phiu her ohPlbl tlsU ry all.' hI
SThe tat )  umdo peo
--- Iuaothe· teuahsa.ydre p epies.hi ..been pur
u, towt s'.. :<.,- .
What boiler ineitment ma be ome tr
a.. p -bbi2' i. 4fis oeau hY.iOl.ek 5l ast-bir
, ..,.-," , o. f the , r-b'. r, few,,ask.ow.
WEEKLY DEMOCRAT
l'ihe New Orleans Weekly Democrat is
a h:aidsone eight page forty eighlt col- Tnider
uts1n, newspaper, printed in clear type,
andi i.s filled withl the
EDITORIALS A4D SELECTED ARTICLES
upon all the topics of the day. It con
tains the news fiom all potions of the or
world, up to the hour of golng to press. ils n
Its Washingt.on specials and geeral in- ar sp
telligence being especially full and rl1i- i
able It contnius full Conunelrci-l, Ma- secure
rise -'anld RIiver news ilnl reports., Ireplm- oni"
ed by eXperieiieed and competent editis tress I
and reporters. Its health
AGR I ;ULTUI IAL DEPA.RTMENT. and, i
will be found valuable and interesting tntl eo
to farmer's and planters. The
into tv
A; A FAMliILY PAtER ceonne
It. has nosuperior in the South-its Li- of the
teralsy Depar:m ent elmbracing poeet.ry, Ter
romalinclle, religion, sentiment and humor.
Payah!
TIHE 3II SION OF TilE DEiTOC'RAT
Is the redemption of Louisiana trom the E traz'
thh:domi of ladicalistm, ani the reston'- oard,
tion in its borders of honest Government Fr
-the supremacy of the hi
IvIl.azATIuoN OF Tilo Ie SI CTE " CFNTUr Y. Dotos
-IT Is A- usin
SOUTHERN PAPER seo
In every sense of the word, awd its aim I rawi
will le to represent Southern views, feel- 't slti
ings and opinionus. Se
Its already extensive and still ra:idly chrge
increasing circitlatioii in Louisiana, l'ex- No i
as, Mississippi, Alabama and Arkansas tuy b
renders it, without question, of t lie
A First-Clas Advertisirg Medium, of skil
and as such we commend it to the public. elt
Ternis of Weekly Democrat: (t
(In advance.) white
One Copy, one year.............. $1 O Eo a
Ten Copies,one year, one P.. .. . 00 blue,
Twenty Copies, one year, one P. O. 45 00 plai
Fifty Copies, one year, one P. 0.... 100 00 three
WM;. WOELPER & CO., the
April 8-tf. Proprietors. twely
-end for cataloguc, price ltl,lteams,ac., lrge
--TO- lars,
JOHN ALCOTT, tabl
- 1tAISIIAL, Texas. of bi
and a
Traveling Agent for wide
A. SUMNER & CO., St. Louis. our
lontr
WE INVITE cor- distill
respondencet fromn signo
any one needling a
PIANO or ORGAN, fitirci
and think we can 1pete
- o if e t ilidicements fuitd
1 not to be equcaled. Satisfaction guaran- Pll
I teed. quire
"' There is no surer sign of civilization religi
- and retfinement in a hotisehold than a ercise
PIANO AND ORCAN, rav
cheaper for cash than ever offered before Vi
- or >it better figures on long time and easy to Si
installments to suit plrchasers.
There is no nece'sity longer waiting to Hear
secure a first class PIIANO or ORGAN if by s
you need a ,satisfactory instrument and .i
have not full means at commtaand, write e
us for catalogue and terms. The well
known hoes,' of A. SUMNER & CO., St. P
Louis. will guarantee to sell better in
'strunmeuntr at lower figures than any oth- MR.
E. er house Nortih or Sonth, having commnld I
of immenae capital and years of experi- MR.
euee in the PIANO business, buying ex- Agee
. tensively on a cash basis. can sell lower
than any competing house.
Correaptsdence of close buyers solici
telld.
Most lilberal terms offred to Churches All
]odges, G(ratges and Teachers.
TAKE
SIIOS l' IIER RBG1ITOR,
ri- For all diseases of tihe Liver, Stomach
and Splecei.
e- After Forty Ye..rs trial it is
of still receiving the niot unqual
S ilied testimouiai of its virtues,
s- from persons of the highest 0
character and iresponsibility. In I
tie, Eminent physicians commend A.un
d it as the most. give
lent It $ qmninentlv a Family brad
Medicind, and by hbeing kept lisI
ready for inmmediate resort, tagj
will savo many an hour of suf- nle
3.00 fridgi aind many a dollar in
41() time and tir
. DOCTORS' BILLS pr
Yidr Regulator is one of the best famti- are
ith ly itedieines i ever need. I Ihrave not has
pr pent one dollar for my family fr medi- wit
aie in five years, only for yuIr Regula- utal
tor,.and must say it does all it says it tres
. will. You can also reconlmueul ii in Colie lie
- for Stock, it having phrred a fine mule of I
mine worth Five Hnndred dlare,. ta
J. A. NLSOy, Macon, Ga. eal;
T'he Liver, the latgest organ tile
in the body is genQrally tile re
seat of the disease, anel if not
Regulated in t'ie, great sauf: the
fering, wretchedness, and set
DEATH will .ensuae.. yet
If you feel Dull, Drowyos De- Si'
[SE. bilitated have frequent HeId- fro
ache, Mouth Tastee badlly, poor i
** Appetite and Tongue Coated, tl
you ard esifferitig from Torpid- wh
Liver or "Hilliousness,", awl the
nothingwill cure you so sieedi- ral
- ly aid p'ermanently. ti
Ron. Alex. H. Stepieds. t
"I occasionally iti, when my condi- lo1
tion requires it, Dr. Simwron' Liver Reg- we
ulator, with good effect."--Iin. Alex. tit
H. Stephens. '
Govern6r of Alabaima. , St
"Your Begulator ha heoon in use in ,ny In
S family for some time, and I amn perna- th
,ded t Is a valuable addition to fh6 medi- TI
ca l qetse "iOti J Gill gborter, Ala. ye
i have ned the Roegulator in my fam- fe
ily for the past sevetuteen Vears. I can to
safely recoami1end it to the world as the ti
b best medicine I have ever nsed for that of
a of clags of diseases it ptirp'orts to cure."
H. F. Thigpenf .. t
.a e .- Sw."ore zsisopol-qvaw .thodi.. at
Plut.i This medicie is aecknowlede l
S ed to have no equal as a Liver
..m. aedieine; cntaingthoseSonthi
ei, e Roots and Herbs which an
a e Provgeyn,  n!t
ges ibht prevail rc
I04 ,. Ladies .endoaseme.L
"I have giveln your medfeine .a thor- a
.erly ough' trial, and in.np e.S hasIt failed to sl
r ive full estisfiction."-Ellen Meachamr, t
,Chatft4inichee; .Pla.
l ..... . .....Ptofeioa . -
"Ftoup actual experience in. tihe use of
this niedeiue ini my praqtice, I have been.
dhools. and am ejtiblied to usea anm prescribe it a
I pr as a' prgative niedicine."-.DrJ. J. W. Ma- I
eore JI, L. Florida coitferene. t
"I have used Dr. Simmona' Liver Beg
re ulator ou my. family for iyspepOeia and
Sela Headshesand regard itamy ipvalu
e f or i~able redy. It h·l not filhds to give
relief illans o sii stle."--Rev. W. F.
okswl- a lye a speo for thaClass of eqmplants
Sr."-B. DVId_
S1. Milchatl Coivci!, i
FOtMNXD)D IN 18235.
UIndcr thi eDirection of the Rlieligious of
the, Socie.ty of lthe uSacrl Heart. all Iboo
ST. JAMES PARIS[. LA.
- stay. I
11T IIS Institution it pl,(a1a Lt{ly ituad arned
I of the Misia'ippi River, shout OI es
miles albove New Orlg:is. The, building, moalh
are spacions and well ventilated. Ti,, t I t
1'i1n (cf the leliegions conhelutin;r it, is toi t[
senel' to tlheir ulpi!s a thoroug1h and e- about it
comunlishel edcJc'atitcc. simpiicitv of I. Fo
dress, Is et'oreed by the tale s. 'ih,. :i o
health is the object of untiring solicitude: expi d
'dl, in sickness, they tare' atetionatel. litht ir
:ti141 ,'ole stati ly att tlr ded tit. eases o
The scholastic year, which is divide.d lel t
inllto two sessionlls of five months elchl, hence h
eoeiellnlcelie oIn the first Weldnesdetay of allover
Octl edr, and termeinates in the last week
of the lallowing July. and yet
Termns for the clholasice Year, lcte'
Payable in current 'lnds, and always in to
mortal
Advance. satidrae
:ettrance Flee, (hut once) $0 lr int
litard, with tuitionl i ELngliah and langu
t French 1W1) 0IsO g
Washin 3t have
H~,ooks aid Stationery 14 tIe wo
Doctor's Fee cu acs
Sltulller Btlit ' works4
Music 80 be witl
UIse of Piallo or lHarp ireach
DI raewing o0 free.
SuVacation charge. (for Augus't and S I
S ;cltembet, r 45
Pupils are- ahlit'c at any time, and bound,
charged only f'ronl the date of entrfance of ric
No deduictioen is utldet for a pInpil who tent t
muay lhe withdrawn left're the e:xpiration
of tile Session, uI1esrs it be oiln aLcount
of sickness.
No par'ticelar dress is required, ex- kindre
eept (I Sundays audThnrsdays, when tells h
blie Merino isworn wo in winttr, and it in nimo
sIninll'er', link l:WIU. alild occasionally ANdl
white Jaconet or Nainsook. mono0
n Each pupil should be provided with a our o
a blie, a white anud a pink dress; a white people
) plai)n Iclolinvt veil, two and a half or gives I
0 three yacrds long, according to the size of or
the young lady; a black plain Ilolhbinet legila
.eil, twelve chatncges of unllder garmnlcuts, Concce
twelve pairs of hole', a dozen and a hadlf fnal
or two dozen pocket handkerchiefs, eight stble
' large napkins, eight towels, twelve to!' childr.
lars, six night-gowns, four pairs of shoes-; ad
a foot tluh, toilet box, work box, goblet, 'uhli
table -knifi, firk and spoon; two pairs
of blankets, three pairs of sheets, three FR
iand a half yards long, two andt a half
wide; a mulsuito-bar of white netting.
fiur yards long, the top to be live feet val
Tlog, two aind a half wide. All to be Siuwe
r- istintly marked with the number as- -Sen
signed.
Parents wishing their children to be
fu"-nished with clothing;, etc., are ex
tli pected to deposit with the Treasurer fore p
Sfunlds for the purpose. pubdt
t' Pupils of every denominatienu are re- c
quired to assist at the public exercises of Easi1
n" religion-no further infuence is ever ex
a ercised over their convictions on this Th
grave point.
re Visits are confined, when practicable, of i
to Sundays and Thursdays, amrY are to won
be made only by parents, guardians and
to near relatives, unless- when authorized Mar
if by such as have power to do so. will
41 Epistolary correspondence is subject tr HaU
te inspection. *0
ell For circulars and fairther particulars,
. apIply to or address the MOTHER SU- to I
n_ PERIOR, St. Michael's Convent. hane
MI- MR. P. POURTISINE, .140 Gravier Street, ters
nil New Orleansn or Boo
ri- MR. M. 11. CARIVEI; Natchitoches, La., pri
'x- Agents. M1ay20-tf.
- IE EUCALYPTUS TREE!! . or
eral
icAllu Exhaustive .ecount of its Pe- cul
culiar Properties-ltcfonh ns for ti
the Incrueasillng Piularty
of the Tree--Its re
marktable A iborp
ich tiou of Malaria.
[From the San Francico Eveniung Bulletin.]
O WING to the ecdustant inquiries fronl
various portions of the United States
ill regard to the Encalylptus Globulous, or
Australian Gum Tree, we are induced to
give a thorough description of it, eo
biracing many facts not hitherto pub- Oppe
lished. Through the courtesy of Sonn
tagg & Co,, of this city, we have devoted
nleuch time to the cultlvation of the tree,
we have obtained most of the informna- j
tion hero furnished. The Encalyptus is
extensively grown in Califrnia, where t
probably no less than one milidn trees Celi
Ii- are planted. In this city, in front of A
not handsome residences, ybn 'eill find it
edi- with its magnificent drooping branches.
la- making an effective scid graceful shade
5 it tree. In Oaklattdl the broadl avenues are
oie lined with thecm.
Sof In Algeria its cultivation was under
takent on a large scale. Some 13,000 Eu- (
a. ealypti were plantted in an dxtreluely pea
tilental and unhealthy sectibl, were fever
b revailed to a great extent ecery year
uring the first year f their growth, at A
tthe time wlhen ISe fever season used to -
set in, not c single ease of fever oearred, E
yet the trees cere only unie feet bigh.
Silnce then this place fs reported free (
foln its' tinuwelcome visitations.
In the vicinllity of Constantinople, an
other fbver spot, umarshy and sickly, the
whole grontd .as diied up Wy 14.00 of ter
these treep; in Cuba tuarsh diseases are a
rapidly disappearing nupon the introduc- Ha,
tion of this t~ke. A ralway station in &
the Departlnetft of Var wasso pestilential AU
that the officials eo'uld not relmain there -
ndi- longer than d year.. Forty or' these trees
Rag- were DluPted, mid the nnhealthy cndi
lex. tionl of the plye was changed.
Two miles from Haywiirds, .,ii this
State, the 8urvevor General plinited two
gr~;ves of the Eucalyptus, one,f about F(
nmy ninety acres and the other stventy acres,
stL- the .vhole comprisingl soout 150,000 trees.
.edi- They are now ouly aboit five years old,
Ala. yet many of tihe tiees are .forty to fifty
fam feethigh, the whole makiug amoest ex
can tensivo and beautiful forrest ; trs fuel and
a tie timeube:perpose0 king Wor thtlousands
that of4olJ.
S Georgia, South Cfrolina, Alabfama and
other o~thern States are awanldng to
the imlortan'ce ofplanting tliheseo ,treesn,
l and the same pay he aidof New Mexico.
These trees are propagated andl for
ssebr
W. KITCHING,
Shreveport, La.
Price $3 per do~en; single plant 75
cant each. Orders left at this ofiee will -
receive pompnt attent'ion.
N. B.-Thely are growing itni boes with
thor- a block of soil for each tree and ean le
ed to shipped and transplanted any month in
haim, the year without risk.
April 15-tf.
s of NOTICE
lcben. Having bought Mr. 5. Parson's iatire
he istock of IHorses, jacks, Enggies and
I. Ma- Hearse, as well as a fill assortment of
colitns, I now i ,ite a eoatinuance of
the patrouags of he public. I
e. Charges will be moderate. I
ja n ire of Hearae within corporation $15,
al Price for distanes beyond corporato ',;n
Sigre its l overned by the disrianes,
t from 5 to .
Coflins of all styles on haud, p~rices
ranging from $25 to$100. . ...
* July -tf. P; VEULEMIAN.
fYE&11 O T T1 iniSuý ef l .?.
or rue
Murray Hill Publishing Co
John P. Jewett; Mlihrngori
CHRONl
~rw path, aulakcd out t.
lalth by that plainest o
all booksa-PLAN lioe TALK AND C mEDICAI
Copsmo. Sr.at;t.wiiitvh contnitus early lUiop., '
of origin:dl llltter, aaeILtCrtaintlng as itstl'lilati
story. Ill'ith und lng Lire made easy fir tih
learned anri I;n ::nKr d. CramLunned full of brta.
newat dea*1, I .ich are cheerinug to the sick. :.
intene Iv l t clrliiiingZ to those who are JUIti..a'
stlownh tio ecapeu dl:case. It guards the readr:
age.inst the p:.iliu'.k of hununt stterin g."
Uoillta the wry of deliverance to those i ho ti.:
abouti. itl" it enji!td. By all imeans, find out c"
habout it it s li, tr yoU . It's aiuthlr.lt i.
B. FoTurT, of I't) LeXI:NTOTn AVEMr. -:
iToaK, is Ceottinited by iinvalids et home toa
abroad, in person and by letter. ald has had the
experienero of le:lrlh a quarter ofa oentur)
inthe i reatluulit of long standing aind diflicit di-
eases of every character; Lence his ability to
write p irartal ttuths for the invalid reader. 1i:
eonsultutious are FREE to the sick everywhere;
hence hiinmmense corre>pondetite with thesick
all over the globe, Yott, iEnaDER, it AT LIt
ERTY TO CO)NSULT the able autitor of Plain IIOn'
Talk and Medical Co:nnmon Bente. Writeto hinm
and you will be struck with his Common Sete.
Whatever your maladv. you will receive light
which will do you go(:d, by hlvethsti only a
postage stamp, and writing to Dr. F. -Wewisa
to interest vyo in holbh the doctor and his in
mortal book. lhe Book itself, which grvea
eatisfaction to all un o read it, can be had of
agents. or of thle pubii.i.ers direct. Plain nunt
lin binding, $3.2i, in the English or (German;
language. Library binding, in English only,
$3,75. Sent by mail, postage prepaid, on receipt
of the price. A lady writes the author: "I
have always felt that you were 11h physiclan of
the world, from the fact of your wouderful sac
cues and ouicinal ideas." One reader says -
"I have found it to he otne of the grandest
works of the asge." Another ae-"l I would not
be without it fortwice its cost. ' Similar letters
reach the author every dauy. Contents table
free.
SCIENCEI IN STORY; also by
Dii. FOOTE. Cheap edt
tion. 6 vola. la 1, neatly
bound, $2; In r5 separate vols. at 5 and 17.50;
according to binding. Hent by maall on receipt
of price. Just the thing for young people. Con
tents table free.
I PubIIeatlones We ea fur,
[ ish all'of Du. Foovi's popls
I LDime Publlctlthi on health amed
kindred topics. "OLD EYES MADE. NEW,"
tells how to restore the sight and give upglasses,
without the aid of Doctor orMedicine. Half a
million have been issued already I• ''CouroOt'
AND vttriE FOl TiI lttlrImI isE It a valuable
monograph for those who are afflicted with Rep
ture or lHernia. "PiritiOLouIcAL ltltoVEeii
oF Hl'UMAITY," ttHlaten to the subject of havin
Speople born right. .'"PclsioLOICAL MAaAkAxe
r gives the latest i'eearches regarding the laws
i governing tenmperamental adaptation, Ae., so.
A STErr JSACKWARD, teviewing incoasderate
legislation concerning the Prevention of
, Cole tlion. "' PERIATORUBil ," Or BSm
S inal Weakness with evidence of Its curabilit.
"Catort; its causes, prevention and cure," invl
Iolble t' every mother haring the care of small
children. "COLD FziT" causes, prevention
rid cure. Any one t foregoing Dime
l'ublications will be sent by. Uall, postae preo
, paid, on receipt of ten cents.
e PubDleEtiontS. We will snp.
f ply Da. Foro's Free Pabliea
L ions. "( rotufioua Advrice to t
bick," abroad bs tell at at Roa ; a circular of
value to the sick. ";'ideacsqf t!. oo0ltd'
w Sirccus " a sixty page Pplhlet, P fra aull.f
-Send for them.
AGENTSI meet leIS at in the sale tite
foregoingq publications, and a lso several
pnbllsied be us. head all f the above, an
ecad for partncularsa Address, for ternts, o~tfta
- ., The Murray Hill Publlshing Col , W1
tof u u $tka treet, 1e rt"rk; -
The Ladles' Mand.Doe
of valuable informationtoevery
woman, OLD or YOUNG ,ii
Married or Single. LADIES iu
will thank us for this s"M
Hand-Book, and oo , s
mother will object WER
to placing it in the E
handsof hrdaugh V 0 US
ters These Hand
Books are not 4 ERANG3.
private treat- ETSof both'
.s bu . .. es,particularly
ases, but are aiaiysis, Appl ,
intended g uilepsy, andll ner
for gen. vous . derangements
their Cause and Cure.
eral cir- his Essay will be found
cula- deeply interesting to
tion. nervous sufferers. BOTC
or-EITHER of tbhe foregoI
H AND-BOOKS sent wfunt4
any address. Acddressfrwit
I tamp,N. Y.P.Co.,Bedford,Jad
. IIqIJELnE,
LATE OF IIAVA NA,
Cigar MIan fadcirer;
No. It DECATU' Street,
Opppoite Post Ot1e1, NIEW ORLEANS LA.
Saile Agent-J. M. PURCELL.
J. 3. JfdO'006K 1110, on WVashing
ton street; ke ci nstan'tly on hand thee"
Celebrated Cigars at vholaale find retail.
April 22---m.
Al. Mle rePnee,
NOTARY PUBLIOC
(Office under Vindicator Offlce,y
ST. DENIS STREET,
NATCEJITOGUHIi, IA.
April 2S.- ly.
]Dzr. WT . 3. Powell
MEDICINE ani UBR1ERY.
OFFICE on ST. DENIS. STREEr,
NATCIHITOCHES, LA:
Calls to thie Country Ipromptly it
tended tid.
KoRefer to Trm. F. Johmeon, J.. Sk. tphens, t'
Hamlin and G. E. Gillenple. Mearas. Bullard
& Campbell, Cawner & Taylor, Trichol & Airey
and Col. I. E. Burke.
April 8.-ly.
Sinnott's eJine.
Fall sad Winter Arrmakmiat
FOR GRAND ECORE, M(INTOlOERY,
ALEXANDRIA, PINEVU.L LORMAB'M
BA IN'II; FORT DiR U8Y,
All Way LamdUga.
The A I'Megufleent and fatr
running paaehager packet
BAR'T AILE I
.ý-1LTON, p
R. Sinoi, lMaster,i. DwTT, Cl.rk
[ EA ES Gdran4 Ecreo positively ever?
ir T vEDAY at 12 M. ; ,
For freight or paaaFeel.J I ,Ele Agent
S. March 95-tf. r
O. CapSI.get
h Corner Front a ae'aon Preets.
R--DNALER IP
DRY J( OODS,
GROC'RIES,
H HAdDWA i
S and (reneral Merchandiae.
f BargaI.ns offereid to Cash CeistooierI
Match- 25-4yl
-DEALER IL
FA MILY GIROCERIES.
Special inducements to CASH COutomel o
SECOND STREET,
~c M ohitoe'eeo Le
Ma a-dr