io.S'lTI'V. l,' No) CIIIIOM'OS
The DANBURT News.
A'O!" L 1871.
Cu'nt:iining every week FORTY VOL
U.MNS of choice reading msat
ter, printed on clear, lhand
some type, amLi tine
white palel.
rU.. 1lHE NEWS is edited h1y theJ1)'.unn
Sry News lMan; is cenmtrilbuted t by!
erorge Alfred. 'I'wnsetl, the chief of
Newspaper Correspondents, :and ather
eixcellent writers, who will fiurnish fresh
correspondence fi'ro the leading cities,
atl contributo to the editorial columns.
The NEWS has its own Scientilic,
Fashion, Chess and Puzzle editors; pub
lishes the best original matter, the best
miscellany, and tihe freshest and best
miscellany, and the freshest :and best
stories. In. all its depaIrtents it is
edited with scrupulous care, and,. is, it
4onisflquen:c one of. the best Fl:mily
Journals published. Sample Copies free
send for one.
TERMS OF Ul:IISCH'IIl'ION
One Year......................... 2.00
Special rates tol'ostmasters and clubs.
IAILLEY & DONOVAN,
D)anbury, Cmun.
IIhper's Periodicals.
IIARPER'S MAGAZINE.
'There is no monthly Magazine an in
telligent reading flaiily can less ati'rd to
4e without. Many Magazines ar1Y ac
cumulated. Harper's is edited. There
is not a Magazine that is printed which
shows more intelligent pains expalnhed
on its articles and mnechanical execution.
There is not a cheapelr Magazine pub
lished. There is not, confessedly, a
more popular Magazine in the world
[NowrEugland Homestead.
A repository of biography and history,
literature science an4art, unequaled by
any other American publication.--[New
York Standard.
The mostpopular, and, in its scheme,
the most original of our Magazines.
[ Nation.
IIARPER'S WEEKLY,
A Journal of Civilication.
The best publication of it' class in
America, and so far aheads of all other
weekly journals as not to admit of any
comparison between it and any of their
number. Its colmuns contain the fluest
collections of reading matter that are
printed. * * Its illustrations are
numerous and beautiful, being furnished
by the olief artists of the country.-[Bos
ton Traveler.
Harper's Weekly deserves its primacy
in this class of publications, alike for the
value of its reading matter and the ex
cellence of its illunrations. Tile edito
rials on public affairs are models of dis
cussion, weighty and temperate, support
ing high principles in an elevated tone
and a chastened literary style.-[Exami
ner and Chronicle.
HIARPER'S BAZAR,
A RIepostory of Fashion, Pleasiur.
and Instruction.
It is really the only illustrated
chironicler of fashion in the country.
Its supplements alone are worth the snub
scription price of tho paper. While
fuillyv maiutaiuing its position as a mir
ror of fashion, it alse contains stories,
lpevms, brilliaut essays, besides general
rand personal gossip.--[Boston Saturday
Evening Gazette.
There never was' any paper published
that so delighted the heart of woman.
Never mind if it does cost yon a new
bonnet; it will save you ten times the
price in the household economy it teach
es.-- Providence Journal.
TERMS:
For Hlarper's Magazine, Weekly and
Bazar.
lHarper's Magazine, one year $4 00
Ilarper's Weekly, one year 4 00
Hllarper's Bazar, on year 4 00
Harper's Magazine, Harper's Weekly
and Harper's Bazar, for one year,
$10; or any two for $7.
An extra copy of either the Magazine,
Weekly or Bazar will be seipplied gratis
for ev\ery club of live subscribers at $4
each, in one remittance; or six copies
fior $20, without extra copy,
The postage within the United States
in for the Magazine, 24 cents a year; for
the Weekly or Bazar, 20 cents a year,
payable yearly, semi-yearly, or quarterly,
at the office where received.
In remitting by mail,' a postonfice or
der or draft, payable to the order of
Harper & Brothers, is preferable to bank
notes, since, should the order of draft le
lost it can be renewed without loss to
the sender.
Address HARPER & BROTHERS,
New York.
The Largest and Best and Cheapest
Paper in the World is the
NASBY'S PAPER.
(Fifty-six Wide Columns 8 pgess.)
For $1.50 per year, in Clubs!
With Books almost given away!
I? Sipecimnen copies sent free to any
address. eud for a specimen and exam
iue it.
' Nasby writes his Political Letters
exlusively for the Blade. Address
LO(KEI & JONE,
Toledo. O'hio.
Ayer's
Hair Vigor
For restoring to Cray Hair its
natural Vitality and Color.
A dressing
which is at
0110ce ae'(' -
ble, healthy,
and ecfectual
for lreser'"
ing the hair.
It s,un re
stores .tf(ed
or ,gray ha ir
to its o'ijinal
color, with tke !I oss (tud r;i' sh rcss !f
youth. Thin hair is thicMie(1d, fall
ing hair checked, and bahlness often,
though not always, cured by its
use. Nothing -an restore the hair
where the follicles are destroyed, or
the glands atrophied and decayed;
but such as remain can be saved by
this application, and stimulated into
activity, so that a new growth of
hair is pro(luced. Instead of fouling
the hair with a pasty sediment, it
will keep it clean andL vigorous. Its
occasional use will prevent tlle, hair
from turning gray or falling off,
and conseqluently lpreven"t 1halIn(ss.
The restoration of vitality it gives
to the se:lap arr'est.s ;anti proevents
the formation of ,laildrefi, which is
often so uncleanly and oIllnsive.
Free from those deleterious sub
stances which make somenic prepara
tions dangerous, and injurious to the
hair, the Vigor c:- onily loeilefit, but
not harm it. I' wantel mrely -for
a HAIR i)iESlNG, nothing else
can be found so desirahle. (oitaii
ing neither oil nor dye, it. does not
soil white c;unmbrie, ad yet lasts
long on the hair, giving it a rich,
glossy lustre, and a grateful perfume.
Prepared by Dr. J. C. Ayer & Co.,
Practical and Analytical Chemists,
LOWELL, MARS.
SOLD BY ALL I)RiUGGISTS EVERYWIIERL
Ayer's Cathartic Pills,
For the relief
and cure of all
derangements in
the stomach, liv
er, and bowels.
They are a mild
Saperient, and an
l i .,, excellent purga.
Stive. Leing pure
l ly vegetable, they
S cnta t noner
ncuryT or mineral
whatever. Much
serious sickness and suffering is prevented by
their timely use; and every family should
have them on hianl for their protection ant
relief, whenll requlired. Long experience has
irovefl the to e the satiest, surest, andt
best of all the Pills with which the market
abounds. By their occasiounal ue, the blood
is t-trillel, the corruptions of the system ex
pelled, ohslltrtionlti remve, reoe d the wholo
Imachineryal of lile ret-ttretd to its healthy activ
ity. tntlrnlt oignims wliti }heleoao .logg& d
aIdl sluggish are lean-ed by A.ier's Pills,
and stimulated into action. Thus incipient
disease is changed into health, the value of
which change, when reckoned on the vast
imultitudes who enjoy it, Cel hardly he com.
plitted. Their sugar-coating mtikes them
pleasant to take, and preserves their virtues
unimpaired for any length of time, so that
they are ever frc-h, and perfectly reliable.
Although searching, they are mildl, and oper
ate without disturllance to the constitution or
diet or occupation.
Full directions , re given on the wrapper to
each box, how to ue them as a Fami" l' hyaui,
and rlfor the fllowing comptlaints, wliich these
Pills ralpidly cure:
For ]ynlpepdta or Im nlie~stion. List
he*ane, ELangur, ;rad tow* of Appe
tite, theyv sholtd Ie taken toderalelv to
stimulate the bstomach, and restore its heilthy
tone and action.
For elri Complaint and its various
nymptomus, Biliour HUeasLhch., sick
eadche.. Jamuandlce or Grenu Milck.
me., IBiliouns Colic atld Bilious Fe*
wert, they ,-Ihouhl Ibe juldiciously tiaken ii)r
each case, to corleuct the diseased; :rtion, or
remove the olistlrluctions which i'lane it.
For Dysentery or Dihlrrhtl i, biut one
mild dose is geineirlly reiqiired.
For Iheulunaslti.i. Gent, Gravel,
Palpitutlion of the Heart, Pain ii
the Mide, liack, aind Loins, Ithey shllould
be continuously taliken, ias relllirelel to chilnege
the (liseased achion of the syvstemlll. With ach
change those coiplathints diisaillpear.
For Drolpy and DIropsicail Swell.
Imu, they should Ie take, n I large antl fte
qclulent doses to jirodtce the eflfect of a drastic
pllrge.
For Smpprsll ion. a ilrge loe tn hoonld be
taken, as It produces the desired effect by
sympathy.
As a Dmiaer Pill, take one or two PIllls to
promote digestion, and relieve tlhe stoml;zct.
An occasional dose stimnulates the stomach
and bowels, restores the aplietite, and invigor
ates the system. lHence it is olle, aldvanta
geous where no serions derangement exists.
One who feels tolerably well, often finds that
a dose of these Pil manikes him feel decid.
edly better, from their cleansing and reno
vating effect on the digestive apparatus.
PREPARID BY
Dr. . C. AYEBr & CO., Praetical Chmaits,
LOWBLL, 1ABS., tY. I. A.
1OR SALB BY ALL DBUOGISTB EVERYWIIHERE.
WILLIAMS' MOWER& REAPER
( g,,bile Speed MaeCble made. mmd fop
SEMPLE, BIRGE & CO.,
13 South MainStreet, St. Louis,
)tnd plee tate Lin what paap Jre tadh,
Beir -Improved 8ecio o BaEts
'rtebte SIpeely and trng. The Staudla
eaetsforhplurinag TravelIng, Brnting, irih.
lng Trapptin.. &e. Cv.or d eaciptiao sa
pre, address
SEPILE, BIRGE & CO.,
13 UOUT! NAIN STEEET, ST. LOUIS,
WAand please state in what paper yo'ema Lk1.
i- G*"(,t otVyour pirintiiig tlonic- at
the VI.Ie'AIOR Job Oliti'.
,. C
*.
UIratefil Thouwanlls proclnai
VINE(AR lI'lTTEItS the lmuost wonilr
ful Invigoraut that- ever sustained
the sinking system.
No Versoni can take these Bit.
tetrs according to directions. aund re
main long unwell,: provided their
bones are not destroyed by mineral
poison or other means, and vital or
ganls wasted beyond repair.
Bilious, Remlittlt .lt, and In
termittent Fcyers,, whicl. are S)r
lurievalent in the valleys of our great
iivers throughout the United states,
eslpecially those of'the Miissippi,
Ohio, Missouri, Illitois, T'c1'eissee,
Cumberland, Arkansas, Ied, Colo
rado, ]razos, Rio .Grantde, Pearl,
Alabama, M'obile, Savannah, Ro
anoke, Jalmes, andi manyT other.<,
With their vast tribltaries, through
out our entire country during the
Summer an([ Atlumnn, and remarkat.
blyl so ulinigr sasIons of unusual
heat and drynless, are imivariably ac
com1pº;lliI( by extensive diV(range
lnelts of the stomatch and liver., and
other abdaihal viscera. In their
treatmtent, a ptthr:t ive, exerting at
powt'erful influeni'e uponll theso vari. I
o(ls ol'fgitls, is esselntially necessary.
There is no cathartic for the puIrpose
equal to 1)it. J. 'WALKEt'S VINEGAlL
1irI'rTEIS, a. they will speedily remnove
the darkel -lored viscid mllatt.er with which
the bowels are loaded, at the samlu time
stimulating the secretions of the liver,
and generally restoring the healthy fimc
tions of the digestive organs.
Fortify the body against dis
ease by purifying all its fluids with
VINEGAR BITTERS. No epidemic can
take hold of a system thus t.re-arm'ed.
Dyspepsia or Indigestion, Read-
ache, 'Pain in the Shoulders. Coughs.
'l'ightness of the Chest, Dizziness, Sour
Eructations of the Stomach, Bad '~last,
in the Mouth, Bilious Attacuks, Palpitht
tion of the heart, Inflainunation uof the
Lungs, Pain in the region of the Kidneys,
and a hundred other paintiul symptomis,
are the oil:prings of Dyspepsia. One bot
tle will prove a better guarantee of its
merits than a lengthy ad vertisemenut.
Seroliula, or King's Evil, White
Swellings, U cers, Erysipelas, Swelled
Neck, Goitre, Scrofulous Inflammations,
Indolent Inflamnations. Mercurial affec
tions, Old Sores, Eruptions of the Skin.
Sore Eyes, etc. In these, as in all other
coutltitutional Diseases, WAL, Kt'S VI.N
cG;a B ITTrrus have shown their great cur
ative powers in the most obstinate and
intractable cases. "
For Inflammatory and Chronic
llheunmatisni, Gout, Bilious, Remit
tent and lnternuittent Fevers, Diseases
of the Blood, Liver, Kidneys and Bladder.
these Bitters have no equal. Such Dis
cases are caused by Vitiated Blood.
IIchanical Diseases.-Persons
engaged in Paints aid Minerals. such as
1Plumbers., Type-setters, Gold-bheaters and
Miners, as tihey advance in life, are sub
ject to paralysis of the Bowels. To guard
against this, take a dose of 1WALKII's
VINEUAR 1l'ITEI:S ocraionally.
For Skin DiselaCs, Eiruptions,
Tetter. Salt- Lhuienm, Blotehes, Spots. I iul
ples, Pustuiles,, Boils, Carbuneles, Ring
worms, Scald-head, Sore Eyes, Erysipe
las, Itch, Scurfs, )iscolorations of the
Skin, Humors andl Diseases of the Skinof
whatevcr name or nature, are literally
dug up and carried out of the system in a
short time by the use of these Bitters.
Pini, Tape, atnud othler WVorms,
lurking in the system of so many thou
sands, are effectually destroyed and re
moved. No system of medicitino, no v(r
mifuges, no anthelminities will free the
system from worms like these Bittern.
For Female Complaints, in young
or old, married or single, at the dawn of
womanhootld, orthe turn of life, these Ton
ic Bitters display so decided an influence
that imprmvement is Oomn percepltible.
Cleanse the Vitiated Blood
whenever you find its impurities burstih g
through the skin in Pimples, Eruptions,
or Sores; cleanse it wihen you find it ob
structed and sluggish in the veins; cleanse
it when it is foul; your f'eelings will tell
you when. Keep the blood pure, and the
health of the system will follow.
R. II. iIeDONALD & CO.,
Druggists & Gen. Agts., Sun F'rancisco, Unlifor.
ala, & cor. otf W~ashinmiton nd Charlton Sts.,N.Y.
Iold bly all Drugglts andul Dealers.
EYERT FARMER HIS OWN MILLER. -
CHALLENGE FEED MILL8S
an
Combined
8HELLERAND GlINDER
Wi Ortlad any hind at
Feed, whetber wet or drv
with ease ann speed, sub
withomut biaag.
MJ4
Osage Corn and Cob Mills.
Foe l~Dslption ad Futses aidra.
SEMPLE, BIRGE & CO.,
Mnaometuren ugrohturall pleeat rsd 8pe.
clatles In Ilsdware,
1. seth Maie Slt., ST. LOUIS
Please maeton ianwlasl paperea aSthi
CANE MilU8,
EVAPORATING
PA S,
FURNACES.
- rPamphlets
and Prices sent to parties
applying, who will please
mention in what paper they
Oaw this advertisement2
Semple, Birge & Co..
13 ., OUTIf MA/ri 1,, r . LOLm
ALL KINDS 01 F
JOB PRINTINGi
f
EXEU(TElI) WITH
Ii
Nciatness and )iSplat clh.
POSTERS,
IiAND BILLS,
CL(RCULAR1S,
WEDDING and BALL TICi ",
CA RDS
. AND
BLANKS
Of Every Description
Prinestd at Reasonable Rates,
1I- Persns desirons of ihaving Jot
PI'IU NTINI donie i eaftly, 4laIdit ioislySe. .anl
¶IC K'S?
ro
F-7 I t 4 rII3
,NO 1'AGES'; -IP; EN(:T.lVINGS, "adl
COwl"k|; 1 'LA I'l. 'uhlislhed Quar
terlv, at 25 (.'Cets a Yearl. FLirst . "
ISl jus.t l-sued. '.t German ,dition at
slln , Iricc.
,\dth'r-,'es, ,JAMES VI('1K,
RUochiester, N. Y.
THE B ST PAPER !
BEAUTIFUL, Y I TLUSTIR\ATED.
''The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN now in
its 29th year, enljots the widest tien'l:.
tion ,of anly weekl. nwspalper of thel kind i
in the world. A Inew \olumle ccOlLllllll-crfI
January 3, 167II.
Its contents embraco the latest atid imost
interesting infornijttion pert:tiuinlg to thit
Industrial, Mlech:aital, uand ei nt ilu P'ros
gress f tihe Wori; J, sr'iptilns, withl I
ilentiful Engravings.of New In-vlons.
New IProc.ses , antd Iproved Industries,
of all kinds: L.seei Notes, Il'ciles, Suif
gestio.ns and Ad vi-,, by Prlict ical WVriters.
folr W\orlkmen and E:,smployers. in all the
vaA-oilAs arts.
ilThe SCIENTIFIC 'IMEICAN is the
cheallest and best !ilustraltesl wee'kly pa- i
lper lpblihed. L 'cry uibnher" contains
fron 10 to 15i origi :ll enlgravings tof xnw
Im:l hinery atid nuo e"l illnventioliu.
li:itets. I)ii.coertes, and Imporitant \,Votrks,
sllritannin to Civi and MIechanicai Enlgi
nlering, Milling, Niining and Me.tallurgy ;
Iecords of' the Iat. it progress in thi Ap
tpliati;it1s of Steail.. Stteall, Engineelring,
lil~was. Ship- I'lihlding, Navigation.!
'I'ellerajphy, T'eleglhaplh Engineerin , Elke
tri'ity.. hlbnctisn, l.ight and Hlha.
FAlI: E'US, Mechanics. i'ngineers
I ilventielrs, all talllll 't.1Ier. C ChelliIst, L y.
els of $eience, T'ealchlers, C'lergylin, La \1 i
Vens, sd 1 411Pe1/0 o" all 'Protissi1iis, wil
find the cul:.NTlrli -t AMtl:lsANs usefilil o
iheii. It should I 'ive a place ill eve,.ry
Fasnily, Library, ~Sltlidy, olicc. and Coulllt
ihg lIolnil; ini everCy Il eading 1toilu,
College,' AcademyliV or School.
A year'l s nmlllers contain h3I9 pages nail
t1ýE t.tI. Ilesoulaº EN(ciAVIN(S 'T'huu
sands ofi volum is aret' lºetserved l'll i indil
ing llandl retiren'lce.i Thie practical rtreilpts
1are1 well worth teq tillies the sullscriptilonl
price. Ters liS S year by mail. Dis
:'-lnt n, CtlJ Sl echiileins sert free.
.May be had of all N ews lDealers.
PATENTS I n ctlmn,,,tio,, ithu
Amtlte'.t,. Ir'sss'. s x.x & Co. :u"are
SIliktor-; of Anmerican and 'Foreign Patenlts,
and have Ilthe largest estblishienlt in the
world More than tiflty tllhoulsand appllic
tilnls Lve ibeel I ude follir patents tillouligll
their a;g:(n'.
]'Pail,.s arlle olbtainced on thllc best te'rnis
!Models of New ilnvelltlos and sketchles
examlllillned and advicie free. All patents
are peblishedl ill the Sielntliici Aliericanl
the week they issue. Selltl for Pamnphlet,
110 piages, laws eni fill directionll for
ohihailiniln Patelnts.
A'ldrlless tilhe Paper, or conuerling
Patents, Mruxx .& o., 37 P'ark l1ow.
N. '.. lirach Olliiee, cor. F alnd 7t01 Sts.,
Waslhinton.i D C.
Jany I 8714.-ly
TII ESATURDAY EV1N1ING L'(IST.
A ieanut ifnl Clhroume to every yearly Sub
MAX AI)ILE1R, TIE wlI.rEAT IIUMORIST,
A WE1'I:.KLY CONTRIIlUTOll.
'rThe Sltlithiy ELvelinig P.ost 2has bccln
the igre:lt Literiary Weekly thrl half a nCdll
tlur". It Ipnlllishes"t'triaill after i'trial of
Lovet atnd Advelntre---alld yet lldoes lot
lieglect shlorter itotriies a1nd sketclhes. It
ivet s a short Hllstorical Sketch wckl\'.
Iax Adeler (the great Hllmnorist,) is a
regul:lr contlrilutor. "Zig," th i d piciest
of our lady writelrs, also colitrilnites reg
ularly. Olive King, Daisy Eychrighllt,
Ella Whe.leri, &c., &c., are fireqlentt cor
respoldlcilts.
Our pretninu Chllromo for thile coming
year, is entitled
"ONE OF LkIFE'S HAPPY HIIOURS."
It is : beauty-thle work of Sinclair &
Co. one of the oldest and elost cele
hrated lirns ill thie coUnlltry. A eol'y' ot
this CILromio will ble given to every year
Iv suIlbscribcr foir t1874.
"Reinenilber! The! price of the Post is
fliftycelnts lower to Chlb lSubscribters than
the pu'ices of the other filrst-class W'ek
lies, anlu ye4t we give toch of theni a
Chrotulo besides!
TERMSI-Always in Advianee.-One
copy (with Chroilo,) $3.00(, Four colltcs
(aiid four Chromos,) $8.0)., 8ix enpies (and
seven C'ltlluon ,) *,12.00l, cighilt copies (andl
eiglt jChronos,) $16.00. The sender of
this last club will be entitled t~o a copy
of Theo Post in1 Chroillo gratis.
One copy of The Post (.1.00,) and one
iof Arthur's Home M:igazilie, ($2.50.) with
the Premium Pictnres of Ioth periodi
cals, will be sent for $4.50. Ten eets
extra mulllt b(e snilt for lnailinig pietlre's.
'Tell cenlti must he senlt for every ('hro
m1 ordlated, to pay til) eXl)ense? s o'f lalil
ingi, or (fi cents if thel chrolilo is desircd
luolilltell Ol carl.boalrd or llitlslin.
Samiple ilnmbers senlt gratis.
Address,
TIlE SATURDAY EVENING PO~'T,
319 Walnut Street, Phihulellplhia
Nov. 15.--ly.
GO TO TW1sXaSe
VIA THE
LONE STAR ROUTE !
ILNTERN.u~r IOA. ANID GIEAT NORTJITERN
RAiL RoIn,.)
Pa~isngers going to Texas via Memlbphis aind
Little Rocrk, or via $hreveport, strike this line
at Longview, the ]hst Route to I'alestllne.
Hearne, Waeo, Austin. IlIutsville, lHoatton,
Galveston and all points in Western, C'entriad,
Eastern and Southera Texas.
Passengere via New Orleans wrill find it the
Best Route to Tyler: Mincoala. Dallas, Overton,
(hickett, Long-ie'w ano all points in Eastern
and Noitheastern Texas.
This line ia well built, tloronghlly eqnlpped
twilh evervy itmetlr i-,iuprovein4ilit, incluling
Ne'ew and Elegant 1)ay Coahes., Pulllmnan iPl'i
Sarce Slepillng Car, Westingholilsl Air li-ak, ei
Miller's Pal';tent Saflety Platforms and (Colup.
11rs; and, nlowhere ei41 c1ln thu passenger s4o
comlphlitelv depend on a spcdy, slatie and co.
forltabhio joll rn!le.
The LONE STAI IROUTE Ilas admirilll11y
answered the qutery: "llow tr to tlo t",xas i '
by th-l publiciltion of an intereWstiil ni t-l Iruih
ful illoshetlliI, ontilaiil a t alhlnlnlile ad 1 .lr- -
ri h''tmnai, whihh caiii Ie olltailied, ftree ot'rchar-e, i
hy aldir'esshin lhie ENElRAL I''CKET I
f MAGE.T'i'01 rliutelntiiul l ae Gre-at ~oI.ri,. II ri
laih ,i i lomn l llt o i . ..e ,
mETs) qZ
The Favorite Home Ilemedy,
This unr'b :led MeicdiM e is r, arra;:;
114.4 n t+ to 1ontain : It1iIIe partir!,: ,f la 1:
,r ;lly i jl riou1l' . .'llh.,l;t l ltl',, butIll. i,
P'Ill1:LY V':(G;ETABL.l:,
Volftlai+l" 1 hius' ,Soilthi rit .'ea lia tll helt;
wihiht an all-wist Providenie haIt ph
ill urittie~ w\here liter Diie.-..·s I,;
prevu''ail. It will ,.re al l Diiscae, cau: 
by dellige:mi.tnt of th, Liv .l.,l :m lnlowe
illmons Liver llgt;lalor. or Medicint,
1s etiini.tly ta Famili Muedi ine : :udl b,.
einiii k:ept ,a1l} l," iMuulullliatr r,'.urt wIi;
save ;t' ;luiry tll hour of  utl'trill . id llnllau
Sdll'ar ill tlime anlud d:loctor lt ils.
AI tr ove. r 'orty Years' triai, it is `till
S'Cteivin llth lu: Iuiat nlli;ittlillrd tsl h.tlnia>I
I II its virttu fron l)'ntur.os of the htit~1h
character .mtd ret.-.,nLibility. Emianet
p11hy.a ials 'l lllit ui ul it I1:4 the Illu
Eflcrtnal Speciir for ilyspepsia .or lai
gestioin.
Arned wit I tIJis A.tNTIDOT'i. all cinxtat
as ld cillictres of t atr land fbmd ma
tated without f,.ar. Asa 1:,l'emdy i 311A
L. IO . FJ.IR. lZEIOI.L (0O.,
I'L.I'-,S. ',tRstl-::nr.s, Jaundice, INa u.e
T "E.IALS 1NTO -BQ'TT' ,,
It is the Cl'healst. IP'urest and Il..Lst Fnau.
ly Medicine iln the World!
Is musaufactured only by
J. 1i. ZE LIN & :('0.,
.Macon, Ga.. and Illiladelplhia.
Price, One l)Dollar. Sold Iy All iDruggista
l)ec 20-1y
SR. R. R.
RADWAY'S READY RELIEF
CURES THE WORST PAINS
In ronm One to Twenty Minutes.
NOT ONE HOUR
slter rea.lirngthis alrertlrinaon nSeel any one
btF ::Il WITH PAI.t.
R.DIWA»S RIEAIiY REI.IEF 8I A CURE Fut,
F.Vf'EY PAIN.
It w n. the t(rst and 1i
The Only Pain Remnedy
that ;astantl: slop the mnat exrnetating pain., allba
Inll dtlll.alll . illrt e u :lle . eet , Uit . whether tll
Lun u', omlauth, Bowlts, or other giatdsor o: LZalu, b
oneapp!icagaun.
IN FROM ONE TO TWENTY MINUTES ,
4o matter how vioieot or excru'uiaunz the pair the
IIEIT yIATIt'. ]:Tl-rliden. Ir[t:rm. c:rpnle I. Nerrao,
.\euralgic, or pru.trated with tllame e may auler,
RADWAY'S READY RELIEF
WILL AFFORD IN.YTA.T EASE.
INFAMMATION OP THE KIDNEYS.
IN"LAMWAT:ItN oF TlHE BLADDEL
INFLAMMATION OF' THE BOWELS.
CONGESTI'ON OF THE I.UNG&
80RE THROAT, DIFFICtUL' BRBATHIi;l.
PALPITATION OF TILE HEART.
ETSTRRICS, CROUL, I)IPiTKEKIA.
'ATAIlt, INFLUENZA.
HEADACHE, TOOTHAC:H E. '
NEL'R AL;IA, RHEUMATISB.
COLD CHILLS, AG tI. CIILLs.
Theappilcationof the Ready Rele, ftotbepater
pa.ts where th palur ith uelty eaitbiwall atrd
anzd ConulorL
Twenty dropsin hafatumbler of wller will in fr
momnutesure CHRA.MPSSPAtMi.SOT R ST) 1t'll,
HEA'rBL'KRN, SICK IIEA ACII I, IARKIIOIA.
DYSENTERY, COLIC, WIND IN THE IuWEl+l,
"adall uTE RNAIAIPNS.
Travelers should always carry a bhrle of Rad.
Wy's RKealdv ell iefwhlthu: . A aew dropnurt
Waterwiliprevent sinelrkus or pails frat caluunge of
water. Itt. bLrhlua French 1r.andy or Uiider ~asl
PEVER AND AGUE.
FEVER AND AI 'Eairrel tfor ifty nts. There
Dota remeldatl algeltln ull world tht w ill cuare 'ene
anod Agle. and ull other Mlirioulsl, llunuu, ee.
TyphoidV Yellw, and other Pveri [aided by RAIl
WAV'S YIIl.Il~.' lquickas RADWA 'btLEADY RE
LIEF. 'itty celtsper bottle.
HEALTHI BEAUTY!!
BTRONG AN)D rIRE RIClh BI)OD-INCLEAISI
OF FLESlH ANtI WEIGHIT--OLEAL SKIN Aki
BEAUTIFULCOMPLIXIO NSRCUMREDT ALL
.DR. RADWAY'8S
Samrperillial eelvt
THE CREAT BLOOD PURIFIER.
'I HtAM MADE TIUr MOST ASTONI4TNG CURES: to
UII:iKsO RAPID ARKE THK CH.;NG.TX H
0DY UNI)ERGolS.IINDER THE INFIUENIt
OF THIS TRULY WO.D~ERYUL MBiLclnI
THAT
Every lay alanhi e in Fie
at Weigt is Seen a Felt
EIy drop of Ms RARISAPARIIJJLIAN RIll
VENT eommuniatesthrouhthe Blood, we(.t, Urlst
and other Fluaid and juices of tI s.sm the lgaordI
Eill, for ltirpatlrsthe wasiesao ths e wthusel
Glenale, diseane. Ulerss tbrhatS Nath 15
mor Nodes nthe Glmads and other l of the syalL
sorebnes, SrumoroundisehLrgme ems th iLars 81
thls worst forms of Skin diseases,. Eruptions., Fae
Sor, tealdiadll, Ring Worm.atRtollemu.lryslpe.
Acne. Black Spoa, Wormlnn the FIlesh, Tunnr. tis
eersinthe Womb, sad alwuakening aad paanoldb
charges, Nlghtt wesi iL opre a ndal wallel
theslifprinelpls. as wiJlna the cmrtivro nraofaH
wder otiModer Chemlstry. an4adfew hey." w tU
parove ley person lingltf oreitber of tIhes ali
dLesuelts peotent power tocure lthem.
If the patent, lillv beconlngredueld bytItuewsI
mald snmaltUion that is continually progreestnIg. -
eeedslnarresalngbthse wanten, aid ilint trand
with newmrltrialmande from hatsby bkid-en h
tilhARSAPAAIiLLIAN willsad does ere-er-aces
iueertta;i far wheones thls remady eonmencsa l
workofpuritIcation, and sucnceedsl in dnllnisingo li
bIrsa wastes llereprisrlwllbe rapid. andeterydl
U paent wiU feeol h wmselfrering betterand nt-rsag
the fooddiesttlng better,appettlM uaprovtin angles
Not oily doeslhe limuAiaUilrLu sw RloLmTs 5W
ellamwn remedialageles la he rure of hror.l5
tubus, Conaltutioanl, and ISkL diseas i baLittis
Only postive cure for
KWnVy & BIrdIcer Onnpretait
Urir WandWmebdLseaseOtrael, DIlb.tes,
iloppage ofWalterh Incolutmence o Urrira. Heright
seAlbumlun , so la all casems where bUcr
briek-dtust depol, or the water is thick. cloody, Sd
willtsnbsetnees lle thbe whlteofa eggr. orthbdr
whitesllk, orthlereisa morblId, b-d I sm pl
ane., and white boneed maepmta, and wihn*
aprleking, b ulna mlutoeal a w up alter,. (
2Smsor f Ys Pewr.' Gre0
cureas !e Btaway's ReolawP
'DR. RADWAY'8
perhetl stsaeles. elegantly coated wlth sweet
pUrgep, reulateprptly, cle:anseanlmtr ltben hn.
wy' Pi ll Fo, tre re orfalldilurd -rotf thet )M
Idver, Howels, Kideys. Bladder. lervoua Ilisae
eadache. (onuinpeilon,ltostivenesa, Ialacets.il,
selal, Lalioulaces., IBlllu sFver, Inflammtta o
IoTwel Pile,. auad all D.rangemtmu t of the In .
Vlscera. Warnreta eltlbeatplitive eaore. .'.
Tegetable, eoalallauugno mecury., linerals ordlte
susdrtaug.
Afew doeseof R ADWAY' PlTY.l will free cath
temfromnll the above lnamel ,hr. r. Frce. r.
per 15%. ~SOID RY DRUiGI.IT'.
IE.I) " EPAE ASIa TRI '.'' en'l o IStl
/ttlaptoll RAIlW. a .t 'iu.. N,. ;: W:arrren ..
Yurkl frlrm.ain w rulth thusal wi .... r e·l n''
- .