JA~S H. . OiOUOVE, .... Editor.
NATCHITOCHES
srTURIDAY - - - - - pt. 5, 1874.
Advertisiag Rates.
S.a.ARRs, 1 g 8 g !l I
o p a . p' o
l .+iaqure.. 6 4 tA) $6 50 $10 00 $15 00 )8 00
- quyaree... 7 0 10 00o 15 00 2000 25 00
3 rquarea... 100) 13 00 18 00 25 00 30 00
4 rqnares...- 1400 140 O200 :49 00 35 00
, s,aq eae... 1700 l 00 I 7 00 35 00 40 00
i.sq, arom... o00 24 00 32 00 40 00 45 00O
23C $ 00 - an50 00 70-00
A"+mitA.k. .35M .30 00 40 00 83 00 50 00
t~ s'itarne... 3000 .35 00 50 00 7 00105 0o
15 mqlareq... 4 O00 60 o0 1 100n 125 00
21 m ars... " 99-0)40 00 1 00 125 00 150 00
. 't'ranilnt a4dertis enltas $1.50 per aquare of
Imr IIur Orevior, fiSt nlsertion. Rabh eabse.
qrnnt iaertien 75 cents per aquare.
OdU)R Jo OPPFlRe Is anlppli with a
'reabvariety of type, and workin thfis depart
eant performed with aetness and at moder.
to prices. .
Terms, CASH on delivery of work.
Rates of Subsnhription. -
One Copy one year .....................t3.01
Uaptoepy tis seetha... .................... 50
(Payable in adtvance.)
Notice to Contributors.
No communicationse ill 'b published
unless acoompauied by the author's real
n:eme. But one side of the sheet to be
written upon when sent to us for inser.
LioU.
Articles to be short and to the point,
to have attention.
Theme are our rules and they must be
strictly adhered to.
WHITE PEOPLE'8ITICKET.
For Stat* Treasure :
JOHN C. MONCUTE,
Of0 Caddo.
For Congrea-4th District:
WILLLAM M. LEVY,
Of Nateitoches.
THE PLATVORM4
We, the white people of Louisiana,'em.
.vrac;ing the Democratic Party, the Con
, e:vative Party, the White Man's Party,
the Liberal Party the Reform ,Party and
r1 others opposed to the ldllogg usur
S~tion do solemnly resolve and declare :
'. That the government now existing
in ILonisiana originated in, and has been
u intained by fores and frand, in oppo
d'tion to the will of a large majority of
wv voters, of the State; in opposition to
a ppinciples of the Ognetitution of. the
miited States and in violation of every
:iuenciple of justice and liberty.
2f That the dominant fAction of the
ahdicatlparty in this State has, by false
:rod frind~tlent ieptesentatlns, inflamed
:h,~i io' and prejudices of the ne
groel, 'as,race, agsiuint the wbites, and
.as thereby made it necessary for the
-shito people to mnite and'act to;ether in
.ilf-defeuse and the preservation of white
.;vilization.
3. That the rights of all neb under the
.'nistitution and laws-of the land must
t rcspected and, preserved inviolate, ii
. spective o4,race, coloor or previous con -
.,ion, but we deny that Congrees can
on stitutionally enact laws to force the
:vo races into social union or equality.
4. That the white people of Louisiana
'.are no desire to deprive the colored
people of any righte to which they are en
:itkld,,but we are convinced that the re
t.xms imperativly demauded, can be
al'eqted only by electing; o.office white
men of known capacity and integrity,
aid we believe that large numbers of
colored citizens will vote with us to so
,'nre a government which must be bene
d!iial iAlke to both races.
- 5. That we disclaim' edrnestfy any in.
tntica of carrying, or attempting to ear
Sthe iproaching eleetidn ,y violence.
and t shargesto this esect emanating
onsm ou Radiu asl Gene s, are. without
rnn'dation and are falaely made for the
iiirpose ofobtMiilig the aid of the mil
tary ftee (f'the Uniied States in order
to over-awe the- people, perpetuate the
extistingsrpaibna subverts the true
.prineiplssf the governfent.
6. That W P. Kellogg is a mere usurp
er and we denouceahim as inch, that .his
governasmut is arbitrary, nojut, and op
::ssivp; and that it can nssmatin it
_If only through_ Peera4 anterference.
1. T shatthe election, and registration
?aewseildbr *hicathia edtio s being
c.:uadmeted wes6' IIftlii! to rpetuate
the uauratifont by daqii ' the people
aud especially oar uatUilkied eltizea 1f
.an opportunty to rgist and vote,s*at
we anmounee,, tPe ,rth ita + isthe
determinatn # t .ýpl .,to have a
fair and free les a ee·that the
result ii not bgiulyrir'vor lIQpde.
. t.iThatWe e n all our o rae in
everyMdiae tile right miia of felldosraio
rind a cordian h*ftatid t'coemb and
tle among ~s, and unite their destinies
" :A 'M : r ae ag in rOt n st meet.
ing pnctally the pqaspof!is )eglt
innate debt of Louisian w ae ianmo
Sa ' 9 i..bk sre.ogni.tious.4s.ied
lou ,tbi.pey pe Tpi
Sthi tiatisotSb i
4th WARD ME}ETINGG 4
'n. tino thb
lo - S ru _ -,*)'aS ,L k . .. , "
Wm. tha. *em.;.
Tef , ar a
the, be an of tk. opI.'. be
o Ft' e o It
of the ebsgliteds rlwfxlbiiitb
SOur State Convention.
That able body of patriots selected
and sent from every portion of the
State, to meet at' Baton Rouge, con
vened, deliberated and :accomplished
the'duty they were sent to perform,
and adjourned. The dispatch,. bar
niony and masterly manner with
which they applied themselves to,
and finished their labors, show how
important was the issue; how deeply
the people had reflected on the situa
tion; how cahtions and guarded they
were in their trust; and with what
devotedness and ability they were
served, on that most soleruf and mo
mentous occasion, by the noble and
liberal platform which is now pub.
lisbed to the world.
It is not often that in the political
history of a State, a Convention is
composed of so much integrity, abili
ty and worth combined. By the ac
tions and words uttered there, it
seemed that every delegate was im
pressed with the conviction that, up
on himnself alone, depended, whether
Louisiana was to remain perpetually
in disgrace, under the oppressor's
heel, or raise her head once more in
pride to become forever free. The
candidates put in nomination inspire
the people with confidence, and are
accepted as the best leaders to lead
them on to victory.
White citizens of all parties in Lou
isian, take that platform of principles,
read it, and ponder it well, and if you
are sincerely opposed to the violation
of every principle of justice and lib
erty; if you have any manhood and
patriotism left in you ; if youe believe
in the preservation of white civiliza
tion, fall in with year own race, and
show thht you prefer to side with it
than with any other,'
There is no excunse now, for the
man of any party who is really sin
cere in bis principles; aupright in,lis
opinions; disinterested pecuniarily ini
.his motives, and' who has been de.
ceived and disgusted by the infamous
robberies of the party ip power, to'
join the people of the State in their
efforts to re-establish a good healthy,
economical and a really 'republican
form of government in Louisiana.
The platform of the People's Party
is strong and broad 'enough to hold
all'citizens who wish ' to rid tih' peo
ile of men; who have ruled' only to
be pbeyed and revenged, ,ad to grati
fy their rapacity: and Iluxury. All
who desire to see the retnm of a
state of affairs, wherp those in- power
will. consider themselves the servants
and not' the mnste$r of the people;
where the governme t will belong to
the people, and not the people to the
government, can only see their 'hopes
realizel by joiing toe people's party.
It is not a partisan qpachinery where
log-rolling, bribery,' and nmere per
sonal popularity nItns carry and over
ride everytlhing that is honest and
pure. It is not a pary organized es
pecially for the gratieation of ambi.
tious leaders of political eteries and
cliques: bat it is the Pebjile's Partj ;
where the people ed smane is called
upon to seuire for theisehlves, a geo
ernment benefcial alike to all its eti
sens, It isa partyv who is. determin
ed to put an, end to corral|rion and
oppressuio; who believes that our
people deserves, and are entitled to,
such a State government a is con
templated by the people sad consti
tution of the United 8tates.
And they are not going to b8 swin
died out of it. The citizens of Loau
isiansa fully understand the issue.
Thley know that it is a life sad death
struggle with 'them, 'and they are de
tereined to be united 'by a singe
bonda; th. piblic gbod. To tithiu
that, they bave amaryballed their
streangth and victory or neyolutlon
must bathe result. i
'iitresiri~.- 8 q nob m akter, to
siiamons the peole ofr the country
from tlelr homes aA erope; to this
eity, .A... any s. n rgenoy, e-ept
through the parish OpstraL A.eesufre
eomaittep, ofP.or party, to .whiom
elos, that duty Is properly delegited.
We blatne no one. Tie late'"ii
*uthorised call was made by persons
wlose motive.s were certalnly com
meddable.:,All we. wish tn is sys
tsi~, order, 'regilatity. :To obtain
that, itere musi bebut one head, and
thatis the co.smttee abheove named.
, .The alarity, however, with wheih
the late tinJathorised eAl was Ten
p t d o, allow I, d th eep interesit
Plar cpuatry rmpoher teke In r nnause
sad isoiro iattl t paljl p ised
Tbiank tohtb 'tbaindra Ida Leo
Why.l. tfbe~t ....lI .. usg? Be
•St . - •i .'si - . w tl"i .. t
It's Only for Reform.
This is the loud and bleating cry of
the Radical spoilers; .the ravenous
wolves in sheep's 'clothing, which
have been. making such a ruinous
hanvq pmongithe hitherto tamtneP l
ly timolels, anAso easily slaughtered
flocks of Louisiana. But ntow that
the shepherds are wide awake, have
become more watchful, and have arm.
e tihemselves with the determinatidn
of driving away the ptowlers from
their ricj haunts of depredation, tl h
howling pack is frightehed, dislpered
and have-senqesgated to l the higher'
gronads of reform, whence their uln
lations rend the air. And now come
to swell the numbers of their canine
brothers, the last litter of hungry
whelps whose teethl have just beenI
cut, and whose] nostrils are voluptu
onuly distended with the rich odor of
slaughtered prey.
But their appetites must remain
unsatisfled. The recently anointed
in the Radical church, mostolt ex.
pect to gull any one but themselves,
by their loud and sauctimonious pro
fessions of rrphhtance and reform.
Their intentions are too manifest; I
their objects too plain; their deser
tion of honest citizens too obvious to
the4 understanding of the most oh
tuse, to mislead any one. What I
uabandon the society of the upright,,
the honorable and the patriotic, to
band with the base, the currupt, and
the vile, and the excuse Is reform, and
the professed avowal, the control of
the party for good! This is to bald
to deceive any one. We are to be
lieve them when . they lie; respect
them when they betray i admirethem
for their god-like influence; and ap.
plaud their sanctiloquemit petioman
ees. Hell is paved witl goud'inten
$ions, and the Radiical party is made
p and finished off, with auch a set of
smooth and presumplioss whbite men.
'The 'imps 'of darkness 4tIl 'of Radi
calism all act in the same way. The
only difference is, that the former
never carried out their good inten
tions, and the latter "etrer Intend to.
This is reform with a vengeance,
and with an.impudent effrontry really
admirable in these times of wonder
fill' aid cometic appearances. Tolis
ten to tOhei, iq to hear msen rady to
burst with the purest motives. '"They.
are ally all 'honorable men." -
WhIo ever lieand of a gagg of high
way robbers, coosing for thmir lead
era, the scrupulous, the virtuous, 'the.
honest;-who wall suddenly 'change
their evil ways, and-ol ikb nissFIe
ly, the commands of chiefs utterly
oppoed to their avocationst Such
an undertaking is the greatest feat.of
presumption on the partl of these po
liticallatter day saints, that Ra:dical
training has hitherto been able to
achieve. What! just gradnated in
tile medical college of Rldaicalism,
with the ink not get dr on their d,
plomuas,, and ; they, confldently pro.
claimi themselves to the people of
Louisiana, as a bnieeek, and fully
comipemt toh '.0ond Cure ,ftle gan
grenes, cancers, and leprous diseases,
whhichhave edmpletely 'covered that
political ibodiy, aInd eaten their way
into its very 'one ,
, That party pmust,:paiuly, be on its
death bed, and et itslast gasp, whein
it has iP~sort tii, ,amd Utth its 'eafl-:.
denee aui last ;hopei in, such quiaclks
and montehanks.;. BReform,.indeedl!
when the me·a lately appointed oi at.[
flee in this puIsh, by !thi eexunitve'
usurper, are more ,,j tionable t
the people, and -far worse n charac
ter, than those who bhraive been t*rned
out! If that. is reform,. t piople
pitt pone oft'f, They lavie iad..a
taate of it for several year-s; and
they lteno tla pitbli&nemny too well,
oer id fmrim tat ,quprtr.
SThe avery fact of tbrowuing them
selves, for salvation, intd !tlhe atms of
sune bae-faee mplmpsters, is a sure
sign of ;)e distremed. elaurnmijtances
nderwhlceb the Republican pauty of
,t2tet 8t ,lar boling. , The maioment
that party becomes ,.sinceme i ts
professions for ,reform; that m~nent
its death-knell ls soutnded, Ohange
the buard's thvoered motiels b|
stitnkina carriemd. id Iaima it the fresh
d u ,rnqorguptqd fqo4 of other feath.
ered tribes, the flthy .hird becomes
droopy and smasely dies. 'b' t It
with the Rabdiga pqty. Attemptto
cihtgp their moralij;Cd4 you have
Schange .their physlea 'organismso
They havd t ee bor I oar agsimn dind
1Ows 4 Cthegpg8asi ;n opr akles,
adn.do ,not believ, in·trismigrathio :
With thatart~itIs hh sisibl,ifiu
;'eon,Pso6t6"t' to "|neotutL
4 gnetflestn oicf the prieatter isi
the anctileadatd of the spirit. The?
las-~ .hTqezaua~l ofben gho
msvtkhats s ,rpw e~tue s ihs 4f*St
phistopheles, .bg selling their souls
to the devil; and they wish to do the
same, and roll in ill-gotten wealth.
They m&7 fool the negroes, but they
cannot deceive us.
Take Warning-The Die isCast!
The Constitution of the United
States Iras been ordained and estab
lished "to form a more perfect union.
establish justice, insure domestic
tranquility, provide for the copimon
defense, promote the general welfare
and secure the blessings of liberty to
onrselves and our posterity." All
these UAessings, Luisiana, as one of
the great confederacy of States in
this Union, has the right to claim,
obtain, possess and enjoy. The Fed
eral government, as seen by the pre
amble of the anlpreme law of the land,
is bound to be guided by the creating
power which brought it into exis
tence, and to see that its, bjects and
intentions are fully carried out in re
g.rd to every State in this great re
public. Now, when the State gov
ernment in power, over the good peo
pie of this State, has been imposed
npo them by fraud and violence,
in the very sight, knowledge, and
approval of President Grant, whose
duty it was to see that the laws and
federal constitution be respected and
obeyed; when we have been grossly
outraged, shamefully plundered, and
mercilemly trodden upon, by tile
gang of thieves imported among us
for that purpose, who have been ans
tained, upheld and encouraged in
their fiendish work, by the ignorant
masses of the colored race, and by
the deserters and renegades of our
own race, natives of the State; when
they. have stood all this, for eight
years, with the hope that the United
States government would put an end
to this infamous tyranny over a pen
pie whoma they are bound to proteet;
when instead of domestic tranquility,
,'eare threatened with a war of races;
instead' of general welfare, we are
,doomed to geteral ruin; instead of
the blessings of liberty we have been
reduced to the condition of pariahs
and ont-ca.ts in our country;; the peo
,ple iliave lost all patience, and are at
last driven to desperation. Nothing
can stop them any longer: neither
Kellogg's Metropolitan police, nor his
colored .,ptilitia, nor .United States
solders, who have no business to in
termeddle in our State affairs, can
prevent them from driving such mis.
creants from, power. The United
States army and navy have not been
created for any such purpose; and
we cannot believe that a true soldier
coild be made to stoop to uech dirty
business; or that an United States
offieer could be found who would so,
far forget himself or his profression,
as to unsheath his sword, disgrace his
uniform, and dishonor his epaulets in
such an unholy, fratricidal and oan
american canue. Gradt has tomuuch
pride, self-respect, and true appreci
ation of the reputation hie has earned
in. his profession, to ect otherwise in
regard to Louisiana, thtan ldo has acted
in Ar.husasu atid Miaiissippi. He illI
eertprinly leave onr people perfectly
ftee, to regilate their Internal affaire
in tlhei down watr.
We),:.theyerer a4vie our. piatve
whlite; fetllow.citiens of Lnieisllaa,
who have arrayed themselves against
their whitbrotlimhrs, to ret itrne their
whbl. atl ge !sT til tivpee left to
no s. WhlesB as war ot.raac.m isim
minent-and wp .tel., them that it is
immineat--leysahoild be found but
on one. side, battling witlh the cauea
sian rac*-wards of symiapdthy will
not do. 'The:pe6ple will be satisied
with nothing Whprt of ge.'(ar p4d
unmistakable. Tley lkave yet ,tie
to redeem themselves.: They kno·wi
full well that the waiite men of ;1itI'
State, are n~spe lWeginners is tois
arts of peace .r, par; and that ln
going tlhtrough su c an ;orseal, all
those who e-re qot witI ,e, must cer
tailf, be espdlut us; .an none saeh
will beo llowed ,to, remasin in our
pida, to tabke, us in lank or rear, at
the opptnune' adment,. When the
eoanlietwtilt hve temnmetneed it will
be too Date thler- The contest will Ie
"quicklt, ash i "ind' decisive." Lrt
themtake warling in due tiole, for
the die is surely east.
• Byferesee to the advertieament
in an· tlier colimn, it ill be en
titpeur friend Capt. Dick Sianott, p:
popularly known .in the Red.,liver
trude, will have twa' packets, the
Bart Abtle lrd Sablhe plying ular
.scre,: q s o ,.t the ..iver, is io &
a galpthteemeOditi on for as tare lasss
boias as'th: I art Able. IThis will
great a to our people ai.
will then he able to take livtrautr~,
ellthe rise ia tbh6e cotth makte' '
, ahe maIem, of no alid ~t.o wlil I·b
aI +.o d? v oin,fr ,aspq..s
Kellogg's Volthteers.
The commander in chief of the ar
my and navy of this State, the SOv
erigo of PJuOisana, by the grace of
Durell, th.e vice-gerent of God on
earth, the great Cyras-Alezander
Nannfbal-Scipio-Caesar -Na poleon
-Wellington-Pompey--Kellogg, is
getting up a fremenJos army of choice,
select, picked, invincible volunteers,
to conquer and subdne the refractory,
perverse and revolting subjects of
his dominion. The genes al orders
have bean given out, but are kept in
prof;mild `secret, 'o^that when he
opens the campaign he may burst up.
on us with irnesistible, short, over
wlhelming and crnushing effect. Ten
thousand velocepedes have been or
dered so that the evolutions and ma
ncenvres may be more rapid and ef
fective. The Napoleonic and Prus
sian celerity of military movements
Is to be thrown in the shade. The
victims of his wrath are left in the
dark as to the manner of his arming,
and the line of march he is to pursue.
Uncertainty and fear are to precede
him as hlie moves along. It cannot be
known whether air, water or land, is
to be used as the element for trans
portation of his innumerable *hosts.
1We are nonplused. We cannot tell
whether the thunderbolts of war
which are to destroy and blast us,
are to coune from balloons, Iron-clads
or land forces, on foot or mounted.
T'lhey are each and all armed accord
ing to the very latest style of improv
ed military accoutrementa. Their
gorgon outfit, it is said, will be most
terrifie and petrifying. Cowhide boots,
Winchester rifles, four Smith & Wes
son revolvers, largest size, slung to
their belt; a Derringer In each pock
et; double-edged sabers, and a bowie
knife between their teeth-they are
"so very" mad. Can there be so
much wrath in the heart of an uiur
per ,. Brothers, let us pray-;our
doom is at hand-our native land is
to be made a.barren waste; our sub
stance carried off; rivers to be pon
teoned; marshes bridosd over;
streams turned out of their course;
and our laurel groves to be cut down,
to crown the victors as they wend
their way back to the capitol in tri
nmphal procession- What are we to
do in this, ibur hour of need and trial?
Can we successfully compete with)
these modern, invulnerable Achilles,
who can be wounded only in the heel t
Are we sufficiently accurate omarks:
men, or fleet ehough to get near
enough, to wound them there, espe
cially if they resort to their veloce
p•iesl VWe have nothing but jaded
horses and mules, with which we
have been working our crops during
the year. That mode of loomotion
is not adequate to the occasion. We
are cut off from New Orleans, where
we had the only chance of mounting
ourselves like the; enemy. Besides
everything in that line is sold onut
tlhere; and it is nfow too late for us
to get a spppl from tLe Nortth, in
time.o, , - .
Texas, we nos call upon ' on-o""
only hope is in you 1eet mustangs
your ,nperienced horsemen, and
your anerring tlasoe.the spoils o
the war sdall hri ysre. Kow is yeou a
time for. WVincl.es r *fles; blooded
horses; g0ud Ipis ls; durable cow
hide liots, ad-kn ives with which
yn ,an\i. lnti(5er'. o"r .sere..oun
catfhave them all. As we ,will ouwe
yv .r safety, yontu shall eltainflie
eititledito all. Alas. Alas I! ,
Retistration, Again.
We must argu iiupon u'mt redrs
again' th n' e ity of treg~sterinog.
Il: 'r$pdoes os register cannet vote;
if he cabnot vote, he an do die LdState
no good at the coning election. We
must all l ~iem* dl dyS9d on
bha 4eo oaadlity , Ih i.
too important for any. one to b:. i
mims in this espect. We cannot ar
ford to lose one sing ravote.: Coi
one, ceome all. te every map tp
dle all hia neiglhbor' to Register.
Meet punpctually at your club rooms
-learn where the differentpre~eincts
are to be opened--get thel on the
frst day, for fear that sommething nn
foreseen may prevent yea from doing
m on any subsequent day. See tbst
your !egitterng papers are in firm
the blanksi properly Alled, 4erilght
dates and signatures .put to them.
Store them iapy earpflly totil elec
tion dg--remm ber where yoa put
thenm,jothaut you an pot your ftds
on them when you want them. Do
not forget them when yen leave home
ty'gapthv( polts Ild. rOte> Do abt
forget'them at the legistiattion oice
-take them b~ck httie with yo,
in other words, ;frmn itif y  n u, t
Registratioe be ytoder' engrosin
fthoughts by day, andyo'ur drms by
night. WIen yoi eahiigetil yearn
for soinfrlak, I, edtijsseilsl ygpr
thinng'torte Intdi,'liha, totee L.WLa.
Ins seeefiraSeesi, a•d yei .l-e
once oro freenmean.
TLey Would Not (o.
Kellogg, the usurper and would-be
dictator who has enthroned himself
at the St. Louis Hotel, endeavored,
last week, to send his gallant Metro.
politans to St. Martin par:shb and oth.
er portions of the State, but they re.
fused to go to the country rinder any
cosideration, because said they, we
know that we would all be killed.
2-7 pr;vates and 14 officers presented
their resignations on the sanae day.
Had they assigned as the reason of
their refusal, that they ig4.jever ea.
listed to'li paid for the assasusin
tion of their wih'lte fellow-citizens, we
would have some respect for thea-
but, when cowardice is the ause of
their resignation, we can have but a
supreme contempt for men who will
hire themselves and receive pay, only
to play soldier, strut to uniforms, apd
parade the streets of New Orleans
with glittering arms, banners dying,
drums and music, filling the air with
martial strains. It shows of what
material that metropolitan police is
composed-men of low hobaracter,
abandoned principles, and of unblosh.
inug cupidity-such are not the ele.
ments of a brave soldier. A high
sense of honor and self-abnegation,
are the only ingredients out of which
he can be made.
The Ozark, Noah's Ark or say oth
er ark, can never be the ark of safety
for such archetypes of thugs, rob
bers and cut-throats, if they ever
venture outside the limits of New Or
leans, to war upon the white citizens
of this State. We think they bad
better obey the dictates of fear, and
remain where they are.
Col. WiMX.-LevIy.
We clip the following from the N.
0. Bulletin of the 8th:.
The standard-bearer of the Fourth
Congressional District is one of oar
ablest lawyers and most distinguished
citizens, and his nomination is per
haps. the strongest that could have
been made.
Col. Wm. M. Levy was born in
Virgiiinia in 1827, and was educated
in the city of Norfolk, and at William
and Malst college. At the a of
eigh en he enlisted ts a soldier 'in
the, Mexican war and joined the Vir
ghiis regiment of volunteers co
mnanded by Col Hamtrameock, Thos.
Beverly Randolph and Major Jubsl
A. Earley.
"pbibethe tearminatlbn'of th tear,
he reskmed the study of the law as
the University of Virginia. In 1853
he settled in the parish of Natchito
ches,-and soon established-for him.
self an £nsiblabt. repaulhtom ma -
talented, skillful and eloquebt lawyer.'
He gained for himself the eonfdeneo
and esteem of the people, and, always
a sterling and uniunchi g Demors,
he represented his parish in the Le
islature in the year 1859, '60, '61. In
1860 he was chosen one of the Pree-i
deutiial elector on the Breckiuridge
ticket.
At the commencement of the late
war ihe organized a company and erv
ed ini the 2d Louisiana Regiment, in
Virginia, -until the resignation -of the
conumanding officer, Col L. G. Detas
sey, wheu Capt. Levy Wa elected to
till the vacancy, and served in that
capacity foaabout a' yeAr. After the
seven days' fighting around Richamonad,
Coa. fLvy was aigoed to the statofe
Gen. I. Taylor, as Assistant Adjtat
and Inspector General, and remalnbl
with Gen. Taylor until the dls of
the war. lie then returned to Nat.
chitoehes and resamed the paetse
of his profession and his agriculteni
pursuits.
At the last Demorati Conf veuate
iu'ed'ts'~ietate,anmd siane thene.
taken an active part is the work tof
redeemisg Louisiana troa-,tlie con
trol of carpet-liggers and thieves.
Natchitoches is, to arat bag tent,
indebted to hii. for the expulaion of
villainous oftldials from that parish,
and webieliewethe time will ieee
come when all the white people of the
Sthte will feel their ob~i e to
Col. Levyfr~ Ptherval uand es.
cient pri ar~p-n~ila yip do
theem when, ftae representative of
th&t th CM's·soiona District, bo
will take his seat in the Heoe of e
prm$siitatives of the Nati~oU. Corn
talented albdeloqet s lee i"d, sad
as a poqgressman,.i de bigglf
honor and be. c it to his
The contrastbetween such a' r .
sentative as Col. p ,.~
ran. ear -th i. , . L.
will be marked ied,ar Vm North.
ern members, too, will readily sethe
difference between an iutilligent and
honest souther. gegtleman and a
characterless adenturer and earpet
bagger.
Disrsaet' A xo ..tsAi,.
vasTK .-We would arge poI e·t
sister parishes of De8otea, Red River
and Sabine, the necessite sdgt
dele~ite to-the Diittit Ad Se~tato
rial Conventions,' t hie helditi Pr.zas
ANT HI.LL, DaSoro Paza., as this Is
t.hemost central' location whea an
commodation can be had forDele.
gates, and we would sagest
MONDAY, SEPT& pa, 1874,
as thaday upon which the Coven
tion should assemble. Red Biver
paish ha already rspea9s d to the
callfor Plearuat ill~ whit sy Sa
hine' and Deaoto.