JA. II. .COSIG(OYE, . - Editor.
NATCIHITOCHE S
SATUI:DAY - - - March 13, 1F75.
~ra.............
S A dvlrtiusit J(,ia es.
Isquare... 7 $ l 3.1 0a 15 111
5ýquare,...- 7 00 o :0 2 0' 15 0u: : o10
- sqi are.... t:) til 0, 3"; i 5 4,, 4
a7 quaemnt s4er ut7 Ofi 0 ( n1:
Ssqqlures... 43,11) 30n , )pI 40 ,. 5 ', fi ,!O
10 egtt'auna., 30035:i)1. C I '
 t*," "; :' 5!" (''  :"
('t1110 13 `1111 1':35 Ii). 5t 01
' r~LnsiA!lf lldrrrt'Fý'9J1Pnl N ."31.5') ((r'' Pl!tR'.' f
I lin,. Y.revier. first insertion. Eaoh :ulbse
geont insertin 75 couts per square.
OUR JOB OPFICE is supplied with a
grest vnriet of tcne, and work in this ce.part
mert pormrtned with neatness and at muder
st* price..
Terms, CASI on delrery of work.
Rates of Subscrilption.
One Copy one year ......................$.0
One Copy six mouths............. ........ 200
(Paynlabtlo in advance.)
John J. IIHerbert, is our duly anthori
ond travelling agent.
Notice to Contributors.
INo communications will be pnihlished
unless accompanied by the author's real
name. But one side of the sheet to be
written upon when sent to us for inser
tion.
Articles to be short and to the point,
to have attention.
These are our rules and they must be
strictly adhered to.
Premiums to Subscribers.
*The Vindicator will be furnished to
subscribers at the following rates.
1 year....................... 3
6 mos ....................... $2
No subscription received for less
than six months.
ALL SUBSCRIPTIONS INVARIABLY IN
ADVANCu.
We will furnish to each yearly sub
'criber a magnificent Steel Engraving
19x24 inches. Now is the time to
subscribe--write to our Editor for
Julb rates, in which we offer special
indneemente.
W M1 PAPER III ON ILE WIT
ws.. Adw UsI.C.maracts ess be waes.
Our warmest thanks are due our
Yrlend C. F. Dranguet, Esq., for the
*ble manner with which he condlucted
the Vindicator during our absence to
New Orleans. We hope that occasion
may arise to reciprocate his kindness.
We hear that Mr. Hale, of St. Louis,
has married a Miss Rain, of New Or
leans. Kind of a mixed shower that,
but rather hard on hail.
We call attention to the card of I.
Kahu&n' Co., in to-day's issue. They
are offering their large and select
stoek at New York Cost. Now is the
time for bargains and we are more
than satisfied that a call will convince
rill that goods can be had in their es
tablishment dirt cheap.
River rapidly falling. No cotton
coming in. Business dull. No money
in'sight and everybody sick, mad, or
drhnk.
, Dring our absence, an article ap
; Ipered in these columns containing
~Muitares against E. Esernack, the
elitorof the Repvblicain, in this city,
to whidh a reply was made by that
paperf enouncing the auther as a
S'barefaced liar" and that they would
aeow up the Editor of the Vindicator
in 3is true colors. The card else
: hee speaks for itself.
.,The Mayor's Court is as dry as the
cash drawers of our city merchants.
Times has got too tiglht for fighters to
get tfgk#i. Our higah looks dull and
is a: croe as a sore head hear. Can't
somebody get up a small sparing
match, for the sake of the old man,
s9 that he can smile once more.
nugg saw a cleani place on Front
S-ieet last week and proceeded to
htsi a little race all by himselt. C. P.
'di'hi hand into that young ma's
clar and the Mayor Aug fivesdollars
 rom his pocket notwithstanding the
: ansig man protested "he warat bet
't Timn Ae hve minutes. Cost live
4ollar.,'
WANTe .-0O,00() white farmers to
'ill' the baddoned rich Red River
:.pdsef Natchitoehes parish. They
;nabee erved as farm laborers, lessees,
or purchasers of homes. Now is -the
rite far all jersons living (making out
I~ tlle we may say) on the poor hills
of Louisiana, to seenre homes upon
ail the natural inoorease in the value
bf which will make them prosperous in
ean years.
I. tter. for information addressed
to this odiee will meet with prompt
: atteotP n.. . ,
I': . oiatva'titiasue we will begin the
-p. -~ a , eof. tha evidence :f the
a : tousIuu taewi es oia Natehisoeshe
lcstruction or Death!
We regard the adjustment of the
LOuisiana iffic.ulties as a strong card
for success, and the intemperate de
clamnnation and factions opposition to
such measures as t will put us in a
position to meet 'the enemy more ad
vanttageously, tends only to give the
opponents of the tune and good people
of our State and the South an op
portunity to doubt whether our mno
tives are really ftor tile good of coun
try or the glory of party.
We have on all occasions given our
views upon what we considered the
true policy by which Louisiana could
be benefited, in plain and unIrista
kable language; the 14th of Septein
her, 1,74., conviniced us thivt the Kel
logg nsurpation could not be over
come by force, and the action of
Grant on the 4th January, t175, set
tied, beyond cavil, the fixed deter
inination of the administration to
sustain Kellogg's government at all
hazards; not only against armed
forces, but against impeachment and
all other peaceable means to be etam
ployed by us for its overthrow.
We are well aware of how highl
sounding are the beauties of princi
ples when illustrated by eloquence,
but to a people on the "rLgged edge"
of distruction, with starvation look
ing at them from thle eyes of their
wives and little ones; with a past
whose path is strewn with disaster
and a future black with ruin ; "words
that burn" have not in them the es
sence of salvation. The people de
mand a "showing of hands," and will
insist that unless those who oppose
compromise can settle upon a well
defined line of policy, that possesses
at least a hope of success, something
that can be "seen and felt," not this
everlasting cant of Northarn Demo
cracy coming to the rescue, and lift
ing us from this "slough of dispond"
-this "high toned" abstract of sink
ing with a ship, when a boat is at
hand to save us-the PEOPLE we say,
will insist upon knowing what good
will come to them in their individual
capacity as citizens of Louisiana, by
acting out this sublime and God-like
role of self-immolation for the benefit
of high tariff, hard money, railroad
subsidy, (to Northern roads and capi
talists) loyal Democrats from the
trans-Mason and Dixons line. As
long as one ray of hope illumined the
dreary waste of our dark situation
we fought Kellogg and his damnable
usurpation, with all our soul, heart
and strength, but when we can see
no benefit, no rictory, naught but
ruin and defeat by a longer contin
unance of the battle, we do not pro
pose to rush to destruction to benefit
strangers; for we now make this pre
diction, that although a Democrat
will be elected President, with a Dem
ocratic Senate and House of Repre
sentatives in 1877, if this policy of
"masterly inactivity" is followed out,
Louisiana will be, in the brighltness
and bloom of her saved and prosper
onus sister States, black as midnight
with africanization. What Democrat
will dare say that hlie or his party can
then afford us relief t Will that par
ty go hack upon its traditions, upon
its principles, and ipterfere with the
local atfalirs of Lotisiana or any other
tte 1 No Sirs I netecr. -This incun
bus is fastened to you like a mill
stone, and all the "Democratic victo
ries" from now till doomsday, in the
North, will never shakoe it off.
Thle proposed and accepted settle
ment is a fixed fact, and we must be
firm and united in our endeavors to
get all the good from it we can; we
have by this adjustment atlast se
cured a foot-hold on the battlements
of tile enemies position, and if victo
I ry is not ours in tile enld then it will
Ibe lost by our own volition-by our
wandering to tile graves of the past
and weeping over the tombs of dead
issues. We must '"let the dead past
bury its dead," the future is before us,
and in it lies all that can save Louis
iarna and her people. Democracy
North has nothing to do with' our
salvfration. It is destruction to longer
fight, and deathl beyond resurrection
to stbmit, then we must "make trea
ty."
Louisianians, you hold your salva
tion or annihilation in your own
hands, act well the part of wise men.
. WASHINGTON, March 6.--U n ti
within a few days the plan of arbitra
tiing Louisiana affairs, so far as the
ecmmittee were concerned, was not
positively fixed. It may now be
stated that the case will be consider
ed by the whole committee, and that
they will begin work as soon as pa
pers coming from New Orleans reach
them, probably as early as Wednes
dhy or Thursday of next week. The
propristy of an extra session of the
Louisiana Legislature is still sug
gested by the committee.
The above sets at rest one of the
statements of the anti's, for it will be
made by the whole of thie committee,
four of whom are known to be favo
rable to our people. In the proceed
ings of the last meeting of the Con
servative cacnes on the day of ad
journment, a committee appointed to
wait upop Kellogg for information
as to the date of the call session, ion
formed the caucus that he would call
'an extra seosion of the Legislature at
[ny time that the Congressional Con-a
mitteetnow adjusting the Lopusian!
dificulty would be pleap d to ite-·
ti"o. We can, therefore, look with
thd6f ope to relieif froau' brb(a e
Ap:logieg and iegrets.
It was ve~ r reniitis ill us, of colrse,
not to bail thle Eiating of Sheridan ii
and Lawrence as another evidence of I
the hollowness of the Kellogg estab- i
lishlinenit and the folly of conceding a
an acqlliesence just as it is toppling v
to its filtt fall. Obviously we should a
have pounced upon the circuinstance I
as a triumphant witness, and pro
cceded to demlonstrato that if Sheri
tlhn were legally elected in S172, so i
also was the rest of the Fusion State e
ticket. Front such premises how t
natural the conclusion that the Kel- c
logg Government is a myth and the a
M.1eEnery Government at glorious re
ality ! On such a foundation how t
readlily and swiftly we could rear the e
structure of Conservative triumph f
andti restoration !
We fear it was sadly wrong in us I
to miss that opportunity of encour-II
aging the peoplle. It is st) ceasy to r
lersuadie ourselves of \what we most I
desire; so easy to keep our heads c
aiuoiin the clouds and ignore the mire a
into which on11 feet sink deeper every
ilda. Thisi Sheridan business is pro.
fotindl-r signlificant and niotaillh. If it
be truo thalt Sheridan is entitled to I
his stnit ill Congress, does it not ne- l
ccssarily fellow that the w hole ticket f
was successful ? And if McEnery e llt
the legally elected Governor accord- t
in to to the nailnis:;ion of Congress, ii
loes. it not eceessarily follow that r
Kellogg is a mere iimpostor who has .
no bnusiness in the Exentive chair h
anid ought to he kicked out instanter? c
And i-n't all this cuoigh to makoe
everyibody happy and to expose the a
ft'tilit, and uelessuess of any faither c
eolfort f a
These are beantiful and seductive Ir
conclusiolns which flow spoftanlleously
from the premises. l'rhe filct that I
McEnery's election has long ago been
established by a much miore dire'ct I
and explicit test ; the fact that the C
Kellogg Governmlent is conceded on t
all hands to be revolutionary and utn
repullliran ; and the further fact that, t
notwithlistanding these other facts, a
Kellogg has been maiintained for the t
past two years and is sure to be per
petuated for the two years yet to 1
come-these considleratios amount
to nothing, it appears. The gates of
"Fools' Paradise" have been flung 1
wide again, and there has . ensued a t
general putting on of motley and
flocking to the entertainment.
Tio Picayune, unhappily, had to
send "regrets." 1
The above from the Picayune of
the 6th inst., it gospel when used in
connection with our situation. How
often have we been buoyed with hope,
felt cheerful and could almost see the
end of our troubles by certain acts of
Congess, statements made by Grant
and the reports of this committee and
that committee. "Hope springs eter
nal in the human breast"-but ;we
have (we speak for ourselves) beconie
sceptical on the subject, more so on
the hope of relief.builn up upon such
premises as the above. All these
things are good themes for argument
but possess not one shadow of prac
tical utility.
The first sale of currency under the
Inew act of the City Council, took
place at thile Mayor's office, on Satur
day last, and the result of the meas
ure is cheering indeed to our city
taxpayers. The following named
parties purchased:
3ai. Genins, currency, P4O fo B$ l eiapr.
SH. Jal;,r, $50 " $105,
- ."$' 5 " 10 if " "
H. Jnaffor, " 50 " lln. " "
" " 50 " ,10.00 " "
S50L " 11I.50 " "
P. Poet, 5)" 111,50 " "
' " ,5 " 111.50 " "
II. Jailfor, " 2t " 441,40 " "
Total currency #415 sold for $899,50 city paper.
While upon this subject, we can
not let the opportunity pass to com
pliment our able and worthy )iayor,
DeVargas, rind his City Council, upon
the manner they have conducted the
affairs of the city for the past year.
Assuming control as they did when
our Treasury was bankrupt and the
city nearly nine thousand dollars in
debt, with power to levy but $5000
as a tax for all purposes, in any one
year-with the city script down to
25 cents per dollar, they have mana
ged to force it.unpl by judicious legis
lation, to nearly 50 cents, and by
next mointh, under a continuation of
this plan, we 'feel fully assured that
city script will be worth 80 cents in
cash, if not more. Some complaint
has been made on account of thile ter
rible condition of our streets, this
can be answered and very easily,
there was no money to do the work,
and the taxpayers were in no condi
tion to longer continue flooding the
market with script, which to the la
borer may have been but 80 cents for
each dollar, but to the city was as a
dollar. We feel and know that all
good citizens appreciate thile efforts of
the Mayor and City Council, and they
will not fail to receive that reward
which good action entitles them to.
We understand thlat the wire for
eight miles of the proposed Telegraph
line has reached Grand Ecore, and
that at an early day we will be in
,open commnnication with the outer
world. We earnestly call upon all
our leading citizens. to come forward
without delay and subscribe to this
great improlement, for we can as
sure them that it will greatly benefit
as all.
"WUAT I KNIow, I KNow,n sal!.
the great surgeon Magendie. "Give
me stubborn facts: I care not for
theories." .This is sound doctrine.
Possibily a medical martinet might
be able, in a plausible way, to show
why Dr., Walker's Vinegar Bitters
aought,oto cure Indigestion, Head.
achei Nervousness, Liver Complaint,
Moscalar Diseiases, and Miasmatie
Ferers; but as they 'do tih ev.ery in
,Itaineo effect that oblet, his fine theo
lo,.Wel4 be a waste. of words. As
lriagndio said, theo world gemands
'ct*i, iet ipciilstivo oriipion.
Arkansas and Louisiana.
,,'e I:y bfou're our readers tiis
morulilg a letter from Mr. A. [I. Leo- 8
miaid to the New Orlea'ns Picayune, p
defining his views on the compromise o
aml his reasons for supporting it. It
will he seen that Mr. l.eonard ifollows
almost precisely the same line of ar- 0
gunlent pursued by ns in an editorial ci
- published in the Times of the 4th
inst. We helieve that our article
m isd Mr. Leonard's letter, have mark
ed. out the true policy of Louisiana in P
this crisis, and that if we hor to ac- e
cornplish anything in the future, we c:
m3 lust net upon it.
In this connection we may remark d
r that, in the hurry of preparing the n
editorial of the 4th inst., we omitted b
1 from our examples of usurpations p
which have beetn accepted by the
people,, and through which the true
jiprilciples o'f ovclrnme:lts have beeni
I re-established, tie case of the l'axter It
Susurpation in Arkansas. Blaxter bi- tl
4 ec:ne Governor of Arkansas, precisely d
as Kellogg became Governor of Lou
isiana ; that is, by fraud and violence ; o
in other words Baxter was in every p
sense of the word a usurper. But he td
º was sustained as Kellogg is, by the
power of federal bayonets, and lhe .
t people, after vainly protesting against a'
the outrage and becoming satisfied it
they could not overthrow the de facto, d
accepted it as an inevitable fact, and
n under its authority, addressed themn
s4 SlveC to the redemption of their
r State and the re-establishment of it
Iconstitutional, through the machlinery c
Sof de fateo government. This they
accomplished. The constitutional ti
convention was called under the 1'
authority of tlhe usurper Baxter. a tl
new constitution framed and a legal ,
State government elected by the peo
t ple and inaugurated.
SlThis policy has brought peace to It
t Arkansas and has started that State
on the highway to prosperity. When
the Arkmlnsas people found they could 1)
Snot overthrow tile Baxter usurpation, t
thev acted wisely in recognizing its
authority and working under it for C
the revival of their prosperity and C
the re-establislnent of sound repub
· lican government.
t Now, until within the last two
f months the people of Louisiana have
believed it practicable to overthrow p
the Kellogg usurpation, and their d
1 war upon it was proper, patriotic and
courageous. But the 14th of Sep
r tenmber convinced them they could f
not overthrow it by arms, and the 2
f 4th of January convinced them they a
could not do it by any means-that
the Kellogg usurpation was a fixed
v fact, sustained by the army and navy
of the United States. Convinced of y
this, further efforts to overthrow it I
are simply folly, and sound policy
prompts us to recognize its authority 9
t and seek the revival of our prosperi
1 ty under it, looking to the future for t
the re-establishment of political rights
and de jure government in our ruined i
e and outraged State.-Srercport Times
e -- - ý-4 , .-- 4
u We can inform thie writer of the
W ICommunication signed "One of the
e People" in to-days issue, that the
t whole intent of those who favored
the Compromise or adjustment of the
difficulties'in our State, did so for the
express purpose and with the dis
e tinct uniderstoding to fighlt more ad
k vantageously and with better hope
-of success Kellogg and his minions.
- We accept the adjustment, revolting I
Y as it is, because we cannot help our
d selves in .any other way.
To us Kellogg is no less a usurper 1
Snow than six months since; we sinm
ply bow to the inevitable for tlhe sake
of peace, and that our people may
have a chance in the future.
If we, with fall control of thie low
er house, cannot work out our own
Ssalvation, then to our mind we are
not deserving of success. If, two
years ago, our Senators then elected
and returned, had gone into the Kel
logg concern, we would now have
controle of both houses instead of
one, in fact, the whole matter is con
n tnined in a nutshell, thle acceptance of
e thie adjustments is entirely for the
n future salvation of the State, thie re
jection -simply means that we will
continue to rear monuments in mem- 1
0 ory of departed hopes, and call upon
the world to witness our self-sacrifice,
Swhich the world will say is all very
y nice, but it don't pay. Those are
our views, short, sweet and to the
point.
n Will thley suit or not? Remember 1
we have found out lately that the
most of people like individual mar
tyrs, bht not one in a thousand as
' pires to the honored distinction.
The stamer Texas, with the trip 1
Sof the Bart Able reach Grand Ecore
on Tuesday last, and will go down
again on Monday next. Passengers
and shippers will "make a note of
this."
' We suppose it would be a matter of
Sno moment to call the attentionof our
enterprising citizens to thie condition
Sof the Grand Ecore road ; that is, if
h any person would be brave enough
to risk his life in endeavoring to find
Sthe "blame thing." That road is in
Sthe same condidion as the backwoojl
.1 man's uncovered cabin; don't need
d any work on it in dry weather, and
is during the rainy season its too wet
Sand muddy to fool with. When, oh !
it when, will our people ever have en
terprise enough to build a bridge
over a ditch two feet wide Echo an
Swers--When ?
'r .The' blacks have already begun
w. I4hat they no doubt cousider the en
it joyment of thleir "civil rights." In
w several cities of .tlthe Union, attempts
r have been made to force themselves
1 into the white cireles of the Theatres.
t, The Varieties, in New Orleans, was
il the scene of quite a hubbub last
a week bat the affair was quieted down.
,- When Degrees force themselves into
la such place, we are of the opinion that
Is the case shouldb he made ne of as
sanult, and that tomptl.
The people of the (;tlh and 7th
wards of what is now Grant parish re
are extremly desirous, upon the re
peal of the act forming said parish, to
of being attached to Natchitoches, 8.
and we commend to the considerathion
1li
of our citizens the good that will ac- 'p
crue to us by such annexation. lis
The white vote of the two wards cii
is very large, 250 or 300, and as a nl
population, thrifty and energetic, and
en,'j"y some means, what might be of
called as an average comfortable liv- At
ers. Montgomery, the central busi- to
pr
ness point, notwithstanding many tl,
bad causes in the way of ruinous sa
parish legislation, &c., has improved tC'
all the time, the trade is quite lah.ge
with the interior, the merchants in
telligcent and enterprising; in fact, dr
the population is one in every way p'r
desirable for the material advancin.g '
of a parish; and as our future die
pends upon the immigration of whites all
to the negro districts, i. e. the rich de
.river lands, and by the counter-batl r'
rei
ancing of the ignorant vote in the ot
hands of unscrupulous men, this ad- fai
dition to our parish is in every way an
desirable. lpe
l'etitions, we understand, are lc- i
ins circalated and generally signed, tih
calling upon our compromise legisla- cl
ture, when it meets, to allow that th
portion of Grant parish, embraced in
the two inamed wards, to attach them
selves to our parish. We wish the
move success, and will do all in our PC
humble power to further it. re
IBASE BAlT.,--A series of games of
Base Ball have been played between
the "EXI'ERIIMEN'NTALS" of Company
C. 3d Infantry, and the "PnocGiRss" t
Club of Natchitoches. The bad ce
weather rendered out-door amusement
for two months past impossible and
in consequence, the game was sus
pended up to the 21 of Feb., on which
day the play was resumed, the game
at that time resulting in a victory n
for the "Experimnentals." On the
28th Feb. the same club defeated
again the "Progress" club, and upon of
Sunday evening last the "Progress" i
being reinforced by new and good a
f players were victorious. The fol
lowing is the summary of all the
games to date which shows four
winnings for the "Experimentals"and
r two for the "Progress" club :
iEXPERRXIENTAL. I'IIOG(;mEaS.
1 1 game 51 Rnns. I game 15 Rnns.
2 30 " 2 9 "
3 " _ " 3 " 25 "
4 4 1" 5 i
5 " 47 " 5 " 24 " b
B6 " 4 " 6 " 52 "
The Vindicator office will give, as ir
B a prize, to the victorious club in a e
3 series of three games of five, a pair of n
0 companion steel engravings, entitled, a
e "Fishing and HIunting." What do IT
- the Presidents of the respective clubs tl
- say tothatt ii
m. The Rump Senate passed the 'fol
glowing bills, which originated in, and d
-had previously passed thie lower e
House. House Bill No. S1, transfer- P
r ring the parishes of Red River and l
- Natchitoches, from thie 17th Judicial a
e District to - . House Bill No. 104,
y amending the act incorporating the n
City of Natchitoches. To what Jo- e
- dicial District we are now attached ij
n we are unable to learn, and from the f
e report of the proceedings in the Te- ti
o publican, we seem to be "laying c
d around loose;" made a kind of soft y
- crumb to be given some toodl ess rad- ti
e ical to munch npon. We can only
f say that this orange is quite dry, and a
- what is more, develish hard to squeeze. S
f We opine thIe amendment to the city a
e charter, to mean a payment of parish S
-taxes in future, of thie justness of t
I which we will in our next, have some
- ithing to say. We find that our eight n
n Senators were instrumental in defeat
,, ing nearly thirty "pet bills" in the
y Senate, which is something gained, y
e and further that their presence put a
a complete stopper to the general "rush "
through" of Bills as has been usual
r upon tlhe last days of the session.
S Some people delight in making fun
i- of thIe miseries of other peoplle, and b
"Perkins," a crazy youth, of un- s
known pedigree, has not escaped thile d
p rule. When "Perkins" is surrounded n
e by a teasing crowd it is difficult to t
n distinguish whetlher "Perkins" is cra- v
a zy or the crowd all fools. How is it
f gentlemen
"We make no note" of a change in "
f the weather-on the contrary, the
r i' Clerk thereof, don't give as time to
a ttake breath, but pours down his fluid
if in copiouas streamns. b
d We are pleased to inform the b
n publio thlat, that Queen of steam t
Sers, the Xew Rart Able, will re-.
d suame her trips to Grand Ecore, q
leaving New Orleans on Saturday
next, 20th inst.
We congratulate our friend li
SCapt. Sinnott, in so soon replacing i
. his fine packet in running order,
and we feel assured his efforts to "
give the shipping and travelling t
Spublic, the benefit of a first class
! steamboat will be duly appiecia
a ted. 6
05 We have had pleasant weather h
i this week, and the hearts of our a
farmers are cheered thereby. Corn r
planting has commenced,( and we a
] do hope that more acreage will be F
t put in than last year. Tis way
,. of short corn crops speals lad for
any country. o
A joint resolution, authorizin r and
re irig a crihlinal pro ,chti),:
a; ;inst all p1 rsr t. implicated in til
murder of R. A. I)owees, tax collet
tor' of the parish of )e Soto; Fralt k
S. Edgerton, sheriff'; llomir J.
Twitchell, tax collector; Clar!k !iol
la:d. supervisor of registration; W.
T. lowell, pal' isl attorney: ,MeWil
lis, justice of the peace, and:r of oter
citizens of the pa:rish of Red River,
on or about the twenty-ninth of Au
gust, A. I). 1874 ; authorizing and di
rec:tiltg a charngeg of venueo n the part
of the State on appllication of the "
Attorney General, of the district at
torney, or of the district attorney
protempore in certain Cases, whenever `'
the district or parish courts in afore- i
said parish of Red River may be in- (
terliered with. obstructed or prevent- a
ed frona hohli-lg their regular terra t
by' resistance or any other unlawful
neas ; providing the mianner of
drawin juries antil mode of trial;
prIvit!ding for the conmpu!lsory atten
dance of witnesses ; conferring upon
the grand and petty jiuries of the
parish of Red River jurisdtiction over
all persons impllicated in said tour
ders, either as principals or accesso- 1
ries, and whether said persons are
residents of the parish of Red River,
or otherwise; providing penalties for (.
failure of jurors to attend tha court.
and conforring upon the grand and
petty ijuries of the parish of Jefferson '
jurisdiction of all)persons implicated t
in said murders, whatever may be
the parish of their domicile, provided
change of venue is applied for in I
these cases on "behalf of the State in
the parish of Red River, and granted
by the court.
The bill was read the first time.
The constitutional rule was sas
pended by a four-fifths vote, the hill
was read the second time and refer
red to the Committee on Judiciary.
The above is a synopsis of a bill
introduced in the Rump Senate by
. II. II. Twitchel, and we comnnmend it
to the consideration of those who so
earnestly oppose an adjustment of 1
our difficulties, but at the same time
insist upon "perfect peace within our
borders." In other words, we shall
go to the shambles like sheep, and
be slaughthered by a negro jury in a
negro parish. to make political capi
tal for a lot of Northern men with
Southern principles. Bahli! we beg
to refer to 1861. We, and a number
of our friends are charged with being !
implicated in the above murders (?)
and for them we say that iithough
we may not compromise, we will uev.
er take any Jefferson parish in ours,
and being lame, we can't run worth a
cent.
[Comnlnuicatetd
MR. EDrroR:-Having opposed the
Wheeler Compromise from the beg
ginning, I would say now, since it has
become a fait accomplie, that we have
done so in no spirit of thoughtless
a impulse, much less of bitter madden
ed hatred. The men that have op
pf osed this measure are not of that
number that have heretofore coun
s, eled violent and extreme measures.
a The violence that has been used in
a this matter is the violence of Federal
interference. It is the violence of
Gen. Grant, that as if armed by di.
vine right, has ordered the enforce
ment of the midnight orders of a
l drunken judge, remanded into obedi
r oence a people triumphant over usur
Spation and insult, and outraged all
law and decency, by disbanding a
Slegislature convened in all the rights
I and forms of law.
What I wish, is, thlat no one shall
inistake our eompelled a'mubssion,
otherwise than the enforced obedi
ence of the powerless.'" In no sense
1 is it either the acquiescence or rati
e fication of the people or State. The
,truth is, that it is a farce to call this
comrpulsion, a compromise. True, we
g cannot do otherwise than have the
rt yoke fastened on our necks, but woe
' to the American people if this com
pulsion, misnamed a compromise,
Ssheuld so "denationalize" the Lonisi
ana outrage as to cause our sister
_. States a quiet acquieseuce, in so great
y a wrong done to the cause of all tile
b States of this Union. Snch.a delusive
acquiescence must inevitably enslave
the American people.
SIf they are wise,they need moast
t make tile cause of Louisiana their
Sown. It will not do to fall asleep in
Sthe shade of the Upas tree, much less
! beneath the sladow of a milit4rj des
I, lotism. If we need must accept this
a compromise, let it be done with a re
h newed purpose to make a more do
termined resistance in future,
* OaNE OF TIHE PEOPLE.
N'atchitoches, March 7, 1875.
n The only "reform measure" passed
d by the rump legislature during its
- sixty days howling, was the expnol
e oon of the negro, Ward, but as the
d majority of the expellers are no bet
o ter than that individual, very little
b- virtne ean be claimed for such action.
t Parson (i) Blunt, the windy Sena
tor, so-called, from Natchitoches,
SIwaxres wroth at the very name of
e White Leagnuer, and annffes battle in
i the-air. He delights in telling to his
d eager listeners what "hle knows about
bandits," and as his observation has
been large, his ken quite remarkable,
o being'able to see armeil men through
i two brick walls and a wooden one,
. I his Muncehhausen stories are no doubt
quite interesting.
3'1 In all the noise of non-compromise
we fail to hear any one advance a
dI line of policy for the people of Lon
g isiana to follow. Is not this rather
"old womanish ?" Reason and com
mon sense .should be consulted in
this matter, and not factions declama
tion.
- The home boat Seminole, reached
Grand Ecore on Tuesday last with a
fairtrip. We are under t:hanks to
rher genial oficers for favors. We
r are sorry to see our people not
u patronizing, the packets. who have
e stuck to them as they should, and we
Spredict that regrets will before long
Smutual.
r Thanks to E. L. Pierson, for files
of the journal of the Rump ITone.
"Tihe rumor grows ronder and be.
e!ins to obtain credence that one of
the secret :articles of the 'Louisia5
Compromuise' binds the C(onservatitP
to elect the Administration's brother.
in-law, Mr. Jim. Casey, to the seat
in the Senate at present ainlmed b
Mr. P. B. S. PinchIbak. In thle lte
breath, it is asserted that the Presi.
dent has cooled toward .Marshal Pate
a :'dl, whoml he ncctses of lying to his
about Lueisiana: affairs, and putting
him in a, 'awkward position.'"
?Where there is sn.mnch smokeit
would seeml there muc.t he somoe bi,
It' the miembelrs of t: Conservative
Caucus know anything of this lit t
atrrangemelt, they opht to enlirtgb,
the worhl. So far .a Mr. C(asy
S)ancetrned, it woO Id be cronomaical for
f hint to he 1leteld S.nattor, for he
s1eld"s Tlmos0t g"l time'e in 1Washim,
:as it is.-N. 0. Iihlletin.
If Louisiana can, by the electi -
of Mr. Casey, rid herself in fult -
of Presidetitial interferance in er
local allairs, for God's sake let a.
sey go to the Senate. We want
r control of Louisiana, that is the
i lsun total of all the principle in.
volved in the contest. Her sitn,
tin at this moment is such tha
i she cannot afford to "martyri] -
her people for the North, the bid.
I uce of the South, or any on
else. No one should at this m
ment consult feelings or passis
on the contrary, reason will bt
- us, that in no way can our 8St
be benefited by a further coni.
I nance of this plan of masterlyi1.
r activity. We have fought it
t enemy from the outside in for
D mighty campaigns, and we sal
if ftr from the goal of success ovr,
as in 1868, and our ability to sta
r defeat, a thousand times less.
Conservative Caucus.
i THEY ADJOURN SUBJECT TOCUe.,
The Caucus was called to eal a
l o'clock. A quorum present.
Mr. Estille reported that, uas ds
r man of the committee for that p
g pose he had called on goveraor J
logg, asking himn what time he 'pi
call an extra session. In reply h
hi stated that Governor Kelleg
said he would leave the mas~l t.
a, tirely in the hands of the commitl
a in Washington who, as soon a t
would have settled the mattert al
returns, would notify him wh mi
could call the extra session.
e Gen. Young moved that whAn i
cancus adjourned that they waI
S meet one day previous to the a i.
.e zatien of the House.
3 Mr. Jeffries thought it better tea
j. morn, subject to the call of Bpr
. Wiltz, who might desire thim b
It meet a few days previous to he d.
2. ed session, in order to conlittgPl
. er on what action should be taleh
n the session of the Legislatore.
a- Mr. Mitchell moved that the n
Df members of the committee appWoo
i. to take into consideratiom tihqem
. tion of compromise call the Cl.a
a, together when necessary.
i. Mr. Jeff'rieS's motion was ad.i.
r. Mr. 'Hammond moved a vt d
!1 thanks to Speaker Wilts, Mr. hi.
a J. Trezevant, clerk, and the ga
tL men connected with the amms 1
their services during the sittld
11 the caucus.
S Mr. Estillette offered a ubil~b
i the same effect, which was -
4 monsly adopted.
8. Speaker Wiltz said:
t I hardly think the people .u d
is i~ana or the United States hde m
re se together orever will agali
e a body of gentlemen sitting E
D in such perfect harmony is sed
a. cause. In every transaeties
Shave worked in a manner of
: the people may well be prel;
or in adjourning I return my theasLk
nt them for the manlner in whibch
ie have aided the cause of the Peph
e the State.
re On motion, all the members d t
Committee of Adjastment w N
at structed to act as a exeeti
ir mittee after the enauee
in the city members to act ain l#'
s sence of those from the eomntl,
,. On motion, the caueus thIt
is journed.--N. O. Pica ej.m
o
e- A CARD.
In my paper, the Natebitetdi
publican, pnder date of Felu.,
1875, I published an article i1
I stated that the author s Es
ed which appeared in the Popqlde
ts eator of February 6th,
l- my :ersonal character was a
faced liar." I now dedolae
he above offensive epithet was aS
t- tended to apply to Mr. 1.
;le grove, the Editor of the
as I did not consider him tlMs
e. of, or responsible for the a1
ferred to, he beilg absea~ t
city at the time; and I
' all that may be offensive to .
of Cosgrove, Editor of the pelA
in dicator in said article.
EDWARD EZELNA' i
March 11th, 1875.
as We return thanks to the*
le, sioner of Education, at W
gh D. C., for copies of the HiartyI ,
re, National Bureau of Edcaetie
bt other documents.
Our thanks are due and
se ed the polite oficers of the
a er Texas, for late favors.
er Grant parishl has been coe
i ted by the riddance of e e
in who pretended to reprecent hr
a- the ramp legislature; we allS
Capt (1) William Ward, whbol
expelled from the "Den" for
ud unbecoming a member of that
a table boly, lately sitting at Ihe
to Louis Hiotel. Poor Ward, his
'e have gone - well, we sapps
ot ry one knows where, and the
re of it is, no body seems sorry a it
The editor returns shanks to
SGallion, MI. D., foran invitstit t
tend the commencement exercit.
es thle. Medical Department of the
versity of Louisiana.
4-