'A real ii;o: Penot't pap., T ·'. I
,dveHliniag Kates ... ... . ,, ,
e i aof io eli4uo or i'1|+i. 'ret: itmtl outup':.,ke,
------ - .....,... - and the iud o te -OPL
Iqqlarc .I , 31; 5')' 0col $1 '~' o 00 ,' litor & PropriutoW ,
S- o n 00+ 5 100 3JO I'ub!sihed EvcAv rAT'RU0)A: M0in3n4
Suv ... 14 (NJII ( -42"2' : 00 01 3 0 ') -- --- - - -
j aqu1r-1 0111 " 00i 32 -43 114 ''0
HI . p01;r .c.: ,,',70 , 1)4 THE WELFARE OF THE PEOPLE iS TIIE SUPRIE3I LAW. usc.ii Itu(er;
9Vi600  0 0: 4 , rl n n( o 7') 4o_ One col-,,",ou e year ............ ... :r
1, )Q3-a-Rt I
d .,... 1 .M,) 0,1 .,,., oe,, ,h, o-cficial ogan of the White Citizens of -ed ir labine, Win and Natchitoches Parishes, O.e.. th
Sqnar ..t 6h e 00 (- ' -i5 _o 0_1_, _ _ o - - month,. A l S co,'ript.n, lJ .aale in advauc.
'C"Iv ert "or""L VO.II.uNArlTOif --H --S, LA., JUNE 3 t1877. NOpa.d !i
To i,;,c., lre;.,,+ti.,,,,,n i )11,) VO'1 \T0 L e. 1 NATCIIITOCeIIES, LA., JUNE 30, 1877. . NO
BUSINESS DIRECTORY.
KAIN-Famil Groverit ,. Corner 2 anl Til
SSt. Denis Sitre1ts. -
A MiAYEt -l-Woodand Black:mitih Work,
Church Street.
A, FERINI-The New Stand--lleer (;ar,1en. ,
SFine Wine T,hiqol,rsand 1-cia'1r-. st.l) 1nis i
. ALLUIX-Iestaurant, St Denis Street. Clil
ALEX LEMEE.. Notary Public, S'. I)enis lli
street. U!p
BEVERLY TUCliER-Qrnte:ati Colhcting hat
Aent andl Caurasser. St. Lents · ,treet. ,.
BLUDWORTHT & W¶RE-Woodwork aind Wi
Blacksmithing. Corner 3td and Sibley Sts. h,
B BROOKS-Guns and Pistols sted, nttdt and t,(
* Repaired, St. Den!, Street. till
hU-tLAr-D & CAI-PBELL,-..,:rthaldi seanid of
ll Pi atatino Supplies, Front street. _ - i
(IHAPLIJ.CTNNSNihIM & CHAPLIN.-At- pml
l / torneys at Law. Wnshington street. cL
OIOLEIAN LEVY-Fam;vl Groceries and .J
S(;oeneral fotchaddtle, rrldnt ttrt___ y
ASPARI & DFITRICI--Irv Go(;ots, (;o- J
Lcertcs and General MeIchan(lize. Silon i1
Agents for S. rew BIttonm Shoes, Front street.
EORGE GARZ7IA-Famidy Groceries, under t
l" asonic Lodge, r2d Street- to
S FOXTENOT-Planters' hotel--Favoritc
. farmers and strangers r-sorL. St. len!s. We
G' RHEN -Boots and Shoes made and repair. Ill
Se. edSt Denis Street. n-toh
EORGE W. KEARNEY.--Recorder and No- ha'
t tary Public, Court ilouie, ,2d street. In l
'GRY GENIUS-('harter Oak Stoves and`
11 Tinware, Front Street. arli
H KAFFEE Dry doods and drocceries. Front I"'I
He street. avi
H. LITCIHTENSTEIX-General assortment ti
SDry Goods and g;roceries. Front street. tR
ARRIS JA.FFA--.Dry Goods and Groceries, the
SFront street. e
vTPERCY.- Surveyor St. Dentssettect. - ti
. SIMON-Dry Goods and Grocerlea. Wash. 110
*Ilngton Street.
t JACOBS-Dry Goods and Grocerias, below tihe
1 the Dirt bridge. Jefferson Street. otl
JOHN RUSCA-Drv Goods and Groceries, na,
be low the Dirt bridge. J.efferson Street. li
JNO.GENIOE & CO-Dry Goods and Groceries, IP
Washfngton street. Ne
TAS. Q(NIUS-Dry Goods and Groceries, cor
1er Jetlerson and Amulet streets. But
J W. SUDDATII-'the Phnenix-Choice Li.
J quors and Cigars, St. Ienis Street. and
TAS. M. B. TUCkEh-Attorney at Law St.
SDeals Street. all
JAS. KING...Watohmakf r and Jeweler, St.
Denis street.
din
DUNCKLEtfAN..-lsrthest. and Saddllery,
J Washington street. sT
J C. TRICIiEL--General Mei'chandire.Wash- Alal
lnsgton street. Ark
DUCASSE-General Assortment of Mier- Ca
"* chantize, Washington street. Con
T . STrEPile NS Lmbitlr rd. interection Dist
" Front, Lafayette and l'ashlincton street.. e
1 J. c(X)Olt--Genoral 'ýVhlesaland I;ee n
t Dealer and ole Aogent for Wagou, oash own
tt~ -- --- --- Kee
A. DU 'O'(RNA,\ -F1'tn-y and Staple hry Lin
SGonods. UColr, Shoes, IL.its and Clothing. I11i
rnot stree t Mai
--- --. --- - M o.
L CARTEL-Trlh G,,I IBar RIto, n, choice ii
Wines. Liqutor and Citare, Front, street. \lii
yV&JHILLIPs-F,,! stock Fancy anti
Staple Dry Goods and Groctries,Frontl t t i.
DUPLEIX- -Land Agent, S,. Denis street.
O & DIANGUTE.--.Attornecys at Law, SoU
rest, cornfcr rot art. -,e
M H. CAItIP--l)rv Goods. Groceries and Vei
A. General Merchandize, Flont street. Wi
0 SCgHAFF'RATIk Boot and Shoe Makrct,
. St. Denis Street.
O, CAPMARTINtVGOo.nral assortment of
0" Goods of alt kinds, Jetiorson st-,.et.
VEULEMAN4 - Undertaker, Washington
P. Street... .
:- .POETE--.~Lkr, Jefferson street. Nt
. VEULEMAN-..Family and Plautation
Grocerios, WYashington street.
on
S. "CALVES-..Dentist, Jefferson street e.
S E. BURKEF-Chrap Family and Western
Urocery Dealer, Front street. -
. H P.B tSON-- ,vory, Sale and Feed Stable, ;
AS8llt. Dale Street
NELKTIN- Dry Ooods and Groceries, Jeff- 5(
I). eruoa Breet, below Dirt bridge Y
QWINBAkiOaenerl Merchapdio. Pl an
* htftio11.d.1ily Supplies, ront Street. t
" i JION -Th''Dy Goods and Groocries, Wash w
T U Nl( T$-Drtttist and Apothecary,Front I
'stretr a81
FI.T BALLER--Buk's Brilliant Stoves and ti
A Tinwlre, Washinffton Street. tl
ii, L~EKf1'---Dry Goods and Groceries, Front S
a T&o i -N-Bulliard fonom and Bar, Pront n
'I[,]etr Street.
SCHMA.-N--mWhoIesale and Retail Mer 1
, .Lhebut-general assortment for the trade tl
4rm eSWet.
i J .ACK·...Attorney at Law, 9d street,
T- ', r eoarer Trndau. 4,
t o and Shoe Maker, St. Denis
Phylsicat and Surgeon, n
I B~5trnti. ________
Attorney at Law, di
4.Hdanwdet $reet, NEw ORLEANS, LA.
and Surgeon t
Mapagomery, La. J
O E & DRANGUET, P
ATTOINTI" AND COUNSELORS AT c
LAW.
oe cwon * ti"t, I
" bI'CHITOCHES, LA. p
o pyatlee ta the Courts of Natehitehe.
DeBe, Red River, Winn, Rapdes, G
T EY AT ZAWS . t
L er4 the Practicet of hits Profeson.) t
iee is the P ish and 1istrict t
T LonBana. United Stesa Dis.
o 14,wfLou.an and U. f.
' iaht tdton. e
Seeiidenc, on Second St..0 t
aiHTOCHE, LA. y
o4 tuaa and U.7. t
Lrte riA. m ~e~it
Judaism in America. lit
TIlE NCIMBER AND RIEL' ;IIU nt' TA1 E 01 or
THiE ('110"!N PEI.Oi)LE. th
alit
[From the ( thtolic 1'\r1i.] d
It is diifiul't to estimate i itlh c- a
cnraey the numiher o(t' .Jews in tfi 'v(
United States. But tihe c,.l.isi of th
. 1870t affords us sile valuable daita it;
upon Ihieh a calenlaltiin lta.y he th
ybased. In 1153() thllere w·re :1ti ,lel i.h ino
syna.o)gues i tillhe litledl States ('
d with sittings ftr 1r.371 plrsons, a:,il sit
having a vale i of .4143,000. In 18I0 hai
Stllere were 77 synagogInes, with -it- wl
tings for 34.412 pIesIs, and a value G(
of $1,135,300. lu 1870 no less than ro
I le Jewish "orgaiiztal ions" weie it- . ha
tj ported; there were 152 synagogues th,
Sseating 73,265 pet sons and v'al ied at an
$ $1J55,234. Now in the city of New fir
- Yotl ther tle are 26 synagoguet, and the se
Jewish popI,)lation of the metropolis s'
iit. not less thani 7,00011. 'Thi woild th
give an average of s531me 3,000 souls ih
to e'ch synagogue : and. if we too:k Is
Sthis average as a basis of calculation, ch
we should ha:Vt' a ,Jewish ipopilationl At
in the whole of the Unitedt States tll
amounting to 435,000 siO uls. But we er
. have reason to btlieve that this is ('n
much less than the actual inunler. i
We have received from two high
authorities estimates of the J,\ewkhi . m
t lP"puit lin in the republic ; b)oth ale -
avow('tlly Ioly estimates, but they the
ha-llt heen made witlh cart'. One of ed
I he r'whole ipulhin," which would the
give a total of 1,(i00),000 souls ; the fei
other reports the ont her to be "al- Jt
. Iost exactly 1,000,000 souls." tw
Acbording to the census of 18701 nl
there it,'tt no Jewish synagogues or (il
other Hebrew brganizations in Arizo. thi
na, Dakota, Delaware, Florida, Idaho, ar'
Minnesota, Missisissippi, Montana, No- tl
breska, Nevada, New Hampshire, P/
New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, Vermont, tllh
Washington Territory, or Wyoming. an3
But, in point of fact, there tife many no
Jews in all or nearly all, these States aci
and Territories. The folloh ing table M,
will show the nunmber of Jewrish or- int
ganizations in the United Statel; the wei
number of their synagogues, with lat
their sittings and their value, accor-. Ie
ding to the census of 1870: Nt
ST.ITis. Otlan. Syuin. Sit- Value.
izatiou. alogues tings. liC
Alabama 2 2 1,650 $S3,00O foit
Arkaneas 1 1 3I 0i 6.5'10 cii
California 7 7 3,6 ) 314,100 C a
Collorado I - - -
Connecticnt 5 :3 1,55 105.4o (ill
Dist. of(Columbia 2 3 8 0 5,a 1.0l i
Georgia 6 5 1.41) 52.7 0 t
Illinoie lt 9 3.950 271.53, l
ftliAý,5 y -
Keituctsy 3 :1 1 5^', t( . ),,1
v Lnisiana 5 I 2, 30 '5,i1( t
Main,, 2-2 2l 7;:315 36.41,1:
Marylatd 5 4 2.75) 6 5,.,u ('ii
Ma:ssachusetts 5 2 1,5 ) 3:.,)i tli
e Mihigan 5 3 1.3.10 51.l1())
t Missouri 4 4 2,111110 217, 1
New .t'lers'y I I 3)1 5N,)t1 (il
Naiw York 47 33 21,410t 1.:31.930 t
- lrth Car(olinla I 1 200 `3
Olio 7 7 4,303 :360,5= I
1, eu,,1hIvallt 15 . 13 7,750 6S3 ,i1 tl
Rhode Ilandl I - o
South Carolina : :t 900 91,2 ._
''elIlller scO 4 4 1,310 2111i13
Te' ns e I I 41(1) 6,1100
d Vernlout 8 7 19,) :5,31 tll
West Vircinia l -
W\isconsin 4 3 150 8,5'3 )
Totals........ l9 151 13.265 5,135,234
of A Careful examiuation of this table tl
Sdiscloses sonice relmarkable colntrasts tl
Swhich are not withouit thelir signlti- di
canoce. While the syn8igogu(ges it an
North Car(olita, Iowa, iKat)sas, Wis. tl
coinsin, tnid sotme 'ler States, ar'e as
,mall anld cl)Pal) strnctnres, colstill.g Ii
- Olnly frln 500t) to $2,tl3)r t' s$2.U0l I(I
eachl, those in Geo(rgii have coist or tl
are valuedt at alln everage If $10.)0 ); hi
n in Alabama a3(d Maine, $15,OOt) ;in n
- lllinois, $30,001) ; in ( on3l3netictt, .I
le, $35,000 $ in Calitrnia, $45,01)0 ; ill u
- Petnoiylvania, $40,001; 1in t1hi, $;1," h
!' 500; in Missou1ri, $34,000 ; ill New e
York, $60, 00; and3 inl MaI'sland, t
n' $162,0O0O. These instances exemllifj tl
Sto s8me extent thle collmpari ative
sh Iwealtih anid religious zeal of thle chil- a
dren of Israel ill the different States
tnamIed ; and nanyy of our reldlers, we
- suppose, will learn wiith surl'rise tihat
ud there are far nmore Jews in Maine
- than in all the othlier Nuw EnIglaInd
nt States put togethler; and that tihe a
- Jewsof Marylanld r alre aparetly very i' s
Dt )Inuch more wealth3y and sealous than I
- tlheir coreligilnists in any other part a
of tie republic. Biut we mnst tIacet I;
thile history of tie settlement and
- progress of tilhe Jews in this country, ']
alt, 1od set forth thile outer as well as tlhe c
inner cansees which have tended to
a work changes in them;to American
ize them to a great extent; to re
on, move or soften the prejudices form- t
Serly chlerished against them; annd to
! weaken, modif3 or tldestroy, in a de- I
gree which can not yet be accurately
determined, their own religious faith.
a. Jewish emigration to thiis country
- began at a very early period in its
history, but only within the last I
Sthirty yealrs has this emligration as- '
sumed perceptible demensions. Thei I
Jews who came to the United Slates
prior to 1848 were for the most part
members of a low class ; they wece
Schiefly of Polish, Rusian, Portuguese,
or Spanish birthl ; they were either
poor or pretended to be poor ; thley
were pedlera, dealers in old clothles,
pawnbrokers, money-changers in a
small way, and petty mierelihnts.
- Pronm all social intercoutse with the
rest of tile qommunity they were 01t
off; they did iot seek tllhat which
iprobably would hIlIe been denlied
Sthem had they asked for iti thile trn
ditional prejudice against the jews
which exists so generally among tilhe
ae, Gentiles was not diminished by the
the appearsnte, the actions, atnid the gen
eral repatationl of those children of
- Israel. Thlney were supposed to be
quite devoid of atiy gcrdples as to
the mneans by which they niigh get
tn.) the better of the person to whomn
trict they sold or tof whlonl they booght;
iver, A Hlebrew Prlter of some note many
S. years ago remarked tihait the Jeits, as
a irace of petple, were morre wildely
. and generally known and less gen
era!ly appreciated than any other
class upon t.he.earth ; that the pectt
liarities hieh have marked themn as
obijects of dislke were by no nwrn n
original in their character, but were (
the fruits of centuries of opprelon elev
and dlegladati n and that thty ileed- thel
ded only a feiw years of existence in ftlle
a flee country, «where equal rights od
wvonhl he accorded to them, and i hene oin
tihey might in peace and "ecurity
ilmnifest the virtues which were in w
theall, in order to %% in for thenmselves wh i(
not only the toleration but the active blut
esteeml and t(spect of their fellow tr111
citizens. The truth of this remark 'ed 1f
has been amply snlbstfantilted bl hlav(
what has occurred in England, France tul'
Germany, and other portions of En- melt
rope ; while in this country the Jews I aItn
have sateeteded in Au;ericanizing
themselves to a very great extent, tIed
and in obliterating in a nmarked de the
gree the peculiarities which fiormerly that
served to point them out as a wholly It ail
sepal ate and foreign people That on iV
this process has been accompanied hv in
the partial loss of their religious faithi a';
Is lnnl esti,,ably true, but it is not a
clear w hether they have hecone
Anelicamt lized because they have to
this extent lost their faith, or wheth. C)OII,
er they have lost their faith, Le,- the
callse they havebecome American- tihe
ied. side,
The Jews in America a.t the plesent prot
monment are divided into live classes r;is(
-the "Radical Orthodox," the "Or- inev
ihiidox," the "Clonservative reforim
ed,!' the "Iefori'ed" lnd the "Rad
ical Reformed." There is a wide lion
gunif between the first and th e last of Inati
these classes, but the shadec of dif- the
ference between a radical Orthlodox Ile.s
Jew and an Orthodox Jew, or be- or le
tween a Conservative lReformed Jew with
and a Reforned, Jew, are sonmewhat of
diflicult to define. The Radical Or- earr
thiodox Jews are felt in numbher, and
are said by their corehgionist to be hr
daily gtwing less. They are chiefly tof
Polish, Austrian or HIungatian birth;
they for the most part, are in humbile eers
and obscure walks of life ; they form step
no associations with Gentiles; they care:
accept as the rule of their life tie pods
Mosaic law interpreted by the "Tal- to d
inud" and the "Cabala ;" they do not to d
welcome Gentiles, or even Jews ofi'al
later views, to their synagogues. We ister
believe there is bilt one sytnagogue in SIusp
New York helonging to this school At
of Jews, and in which one may wit his
ness Jen ish worship as it was per- and
formed a thousand years ago. The essa
children of the Radical Ortlodox High
Jews-especially the male chillren- -
do not adhllere closely to the faith and are
itual or their fltthers; and some of COllli
ilh~i' 'sdgli'ln''th'li ii r  otds, nlAn - t:~ tlT
Ilest a dispostrion to affilitoe themi- tion
selves with one or other of the less frilti,
iigoirous sects. Solme of thlle are (l
content to join the ranks of the Or 1)1)1
thodox Jews, who holl most Iilruly of tl
to all the essential rules of life lahi tii
down by the law of Moses; but who ati
the same time dispense themselves may
frilm the strict observance of a cer- SI1S
tain number of the more onerous ob- TI
servances and regulations enjoined reco
by the rabiuical wtiters. OtNl
The line of demarkatloti between
the Oi tlihodx Jews anti the Conser- Sion
vative Reformed Jews is vague ani the
undermined ; but the Reformed Jews
are very much advainced. They hold blat
themselves bound no longer to obey
j the ceremonial and dietary laws laid abo
down b)y Moses and his successors boo
and their faith in the predictions of
tile piroiphets has almost whiolly fadetl cou
away. T'!le higher class of thIle He- he
birew commuinity for the Inost part-ro
belong to tile IReforrmed sect; but stol
theseo congregations are alsoi stol
Slargely coItiposed of the well-to-do- hia
niddle class Jews. Nearly all of the dol
,ews of sect, and very miany of the th
German and English Jews resident
herere Re also illnernrs of tile Refoirm- i
ed synagogues. They openly avow th
their desire and anmbition to become le'
thoroughly Atneiicanized, and to
cease in all respects to be regarded con
as an alien and foreign people. ett
--.- a~ - ---- 10 @
"Dreaming of Home." As
Yesterday forenoon a Canadian In
dian Ingged a back-lo;iad of baskets to
around until tired out, and then lie bet
s at down on Randolph street, back to del
the wall, and went to sleep. His legs ani
stack out straight before him, the sue cou
Ieaumed into his face, and Ihe paid no
heed to the tread of feet aronnd him..
There was a igaIng of idlers at tile SI
corner, and thy naturally wondered i
how they could have sonic fun with
the red Iian, Hunting up ten orP
fifteen cobble-stones, they distributed fro
theu 'in the baskets until at least -t
one hundred and fifty pounds hadti cI
been added to tihe sleeper's load. the
That was fun as far as it went, but i it
was not enoughli A saloon.keeper e
Swas out washing hils windows with a l
hose and the boys managed it so that io
t hie had to go in and leave his wno.k. l
Then one of them picked up the pipe,
Sturned the full stream on Lo's head, de
Sand thelO effect was all lthat could lIae tir
t been asked for. The red man minnostlii
have imagined that the Falls of St. co
,Anthony had been turned loose to co
r ran down Ils back. Uttering a wild
shriek, hlie sprang up, fell down, and
, then rolled sideways off tile curb.
a IThIe extra weight of thie stones broke
. tile bark strap with which the load in
a was tied, and off came tile baskets. b
1 IThe boys had disappeared, the water at
i was abUt off, and just what struck e
d himu the Indian could not find out.
- He shook tlihe water off his hair, flirt
s edt it off his old wool hat, aid by-ant
t by picked p llis loadi. The weight tl
Sastonished him, and when hlie discov
-ered a rock in euih basket his amaze. ri
,f iment was intense, His jaw fell, a V
e cheap look ltossed his fice, and as he I
to heaved oat tile stones he growled: i:
t "InIjun brought 'em stones sis miles
n and didn't know it ! lujun good deal
t; of drubk or else big fool !'
SThe liieen of Belgium is t the
Smost accomplished equestrietine
r among the crowned bodies Oc the
old world.
Terrific Tornado. our
rely
On last Thursday night between to si
eleven and twelve o'clock, when
tilhe inhabitantis of our town had
filled it!to tihe irms of the drowsy
god, a terrible tornado visited us,
doing coilsideralde damage, it
was aiccollnlO1iiedl byi a heavy rain, .ra
whiich lasted atlout lifteen minutllt::, be r
but its work oý (destruction, fi;r so prlive
short a time, was great It pass- tion
ed from South to Northl. and must prece
have been a whirlwind. The' and
trunks ot pecan and other trees, here
meatttring at least three fret in di- wa"
ameter, were wrenched and slia,-' i~
ped like straws, and it stripped all lbut
the trees of their limbs and leaves, iie
that stood ifn the way of its fury. the I
It appeared to rise and full in its Goev
on ward course like the 1iclocliet- mate
ing of a cannon ball, anli when it ',esi
11lleC (close Io the ground, the "i"
havoc W'ls great. i4 I P
The damage in our village is >
considerable, but it appears that ive
the main force of the storm struck
the high bank of the river on this Ei
side, which served somtiwhat as I waoi
protection to the town, and it then a vI'
raised over the houses, or all would last
inevitably have been prostrated. mud
As it was, only a feiw d(wtlling iOr
houses were blown down, the in- se-s
mates fortunately escaping from of a
the debris withoult injury. Stav of a
bIles and out buildings wei'e more ert
or less injure(l, fences were leveled coliti
with the earth, and several things dnril
of considerable weight were
carried some distance.-Colfax tervi
Chronicle. C:11tl(
S----ý ý--- Quit
When the Republican State offi- to se
cers of the Kellogg administration at le
stepped down and out they were g"io
careful to remove, as far as it was f r t
possible, all clues which might lead iz
to discoveries of the numerous rise
frauds against the State, the ex. M1il,
istence of which the public long
suspected, SP
As the Indian when pui'sted by the I
his enemies covers up his tracks will
and takes to the water when nec lidci
essary to hide the traces of his ositr:
flight, so with Radical ofllchals who Jolh
are fleeing from the wrath to etlh
colle. It does not seem probable olsd
t:t rrTntd " plip(inig investiga- on pt
tions will bring .to light-, all the silt
Ira1uds (ommitted, but ticer is the
enýough of evidence obtainable to will
point to violations ofhl;It in several
of the departments, and now and cn
then qteer fhcts crop out which I i i
may serve to whet the edge of Post
suspicion at least. sac
The abstraction of important A
records and the mutilation of thin
Iothers are matters ot ftet wlic.h'l Stol
open the way to obvious conclu- hjegi
sions. There has been found in ther
the safe of the Auditor's office a ort
blank book from which the
side
HAVE BEEN TORN Wall
about twenty leaves, In this she
book, it is said, was kept the ac- ing.
count of the tiaounts received for
the rent of Cecrtain portions ot the .
groiund floor ofthe State-llouse lor t
stores. The revenue from these
stores or shops is estimnated to i
have aggregatedl several hundred i
dollnrs per month. The uses to
which the money was applropriated hca
might have beeu revealed had T
those twenty leaves not disap
peared. B
, The expert of the Auditorial
I committee,~ Mr. Brainard, is now
engaged on the Sherifl's hook show- T
ing the collections turned over to
Assistant Attorney General V
Dibble. It will require soime time
to make the examination, 11and(1 the
Sbearing of the result will not be atti
determined until the Treasurer's has
; and tax collectors' books are also of
Sconisulted,-N. O Picayune. ten
SThe Delta is found fiult with by U'
Ssundry reslpectable readers for its au
Sfree criticism of the acts of highly wa
prominent Citizens--prominent
Sfrom their past or preseiht career mu
it -acts of a more or less ipublic In
I character. With due respeep to
. the rights of individuals, wedbe En
t it the boundenii dtty of Independ- le
Sent and honest journalihsml to free- g
Sly express frank and honest opin- n
ion of acts of the kind alluded to co
which may be suseeptible ofcon- thu
, demnation, without at the same thi
e time impugning the motives or tic
t integrity of the citizens whose
it. course is so discussed. When we e
to couldemnl two or three leading p
11 Democratic officials for holding ,
d two offices at one and the same p
k. time, it is without any intent to or
( indulge in personal recrimination, C'
s. but to endeavor to correct an
er abuse that a party so much pledg- r
ek ed to so much reform should not
it. permit to exist, no matter whose a
t withers may be Wrung in correct- u
ing the abuse. In condemning ri
t the public endorselnetht by Gene
rals Beauregard anid Early of that
a vicldts nloiopoly, the Louisiana n
he Lottery Company, we do it nmore
in sorrow than i' anger; and still
le* wonder, that mIci of such hiigh
ai Cbharacter, men of such brilliant
histdrital prestige, should condes
cetnd to link and sink their fame,
he .with the records of the drawings 1
1e| of a scheme of legalized gambling.
the iBitt whattier our regret or woun
WarC ir5 1hll cotititnue to perform
our tl fty in sti'ffit ('irenIrstniieA, tI
relying on a just 1public slentiment
1 to sustain orctll oturOe,-N. ). Delta.
General Grant Abroad. A
[Cable to New Yor'k [lerall.] Gent
'Unusual social inter'st is felt in Ei- cIunti
gland re~garding; the arrival ,f e(,intral wool
Grant. The qileslion wethi h"t shall a1e if
be recreive as an Ex-Soverei(n or as a ducti
) priivatt cit:Zen is attractii, fr'E;t allttenr- "` l
Lion among th, anthorities. The only Ilanitoi
t precedents are the eases of Van Brten toi. t
and Filllnior. When Van Buren was -'heel
here Lord Palinerston cited that as hi f1ri'1itt
1was only regarded as a. private citizcn Ihvet
in America, the xovernIlent shoutd pay Cd in
all respect --to his persontal r.haracter, in sm
but ti;at it Citltd not treat him other- to two
Swise. than as a distintguished itizen of! shel
Sthe zepubilic . It is understioo h thIt th in ci
SGovernment at Washington will iuti- o"' il
Smahte to the Enilish Ministrv that Ex- "f eai
'President Grant will be r-xplitei to re- ih' a(
ceive the honors paid to ,Louis Napoleon "M,.il
and Louis Philippe. Tllhi, howeIe(. r, titre
shi ply coteerlns (illrial 'tiquett. In to he
private cirhles (Genera;ll G1 I'inlt will rIe- ftrl'o
cive unbounded hospitality. all I
S- roulgh
ELIZA uI.NKSi ON.-'thi tliotorions! vertei
woIIman is now in Madison county on lwhicI
a visit to her irelatit les. We saw her or pom
last Satunrday nodIt heard iher retail to grn
much pf the evidence given at the hept,
Louislana ithvestigation. Eliza is a iloini
ponr, silttple creatnre4 with snarely the S
sense etcough t kep to kp ot of a shower tkeelp
1 of rai i, but u ith all that shle is tCluch rIeasol
of a devil. She was once' lhe prop. hand
erty or the Briscoe family, of this lhe f1i
country, and was sold in Alabanta dlividi
during the war on acncunit of her ter.- I slrin
tible temper. She attracted no little w"nl)
attention, and halla, htnilter of in tt)ilti
terviewers last Saturdlay, %I hen it be. other
came known that site was in town. thile
Quite a crowd' gathered about her to ill Il
to see, it not the noother of Piesidents, ready
at least, a wench who has labored to the re
give the American Ieol'le an abortion aviern
for that place of high dllstinction. To A she
Eliza Pinkston thi1l', Ihttln to any one of wi
else does Ilayes owe his present. hlon, cents
ors, if honors they be.-[Cantont (Miss) siderti
Mail. year's
.. -.0 also I
Special Agent ten.i.. liviiiuan, of he we
the Post office Depa oitent, arrived butch
in the city on Stinit ta t'.ning, ial anmoo
- will leave iii a day or so for tihe Fe- Ithe e
lidcianns to iIv-estigale the so-clled and c
oiutrage on Siam C'hapinan (e) and the sI
John Dula (c), who, claimed that they the st
Seotldn't get possession of their offices, fact t
!bdack coflins, tough
on prolongetd It? t,,gi .. ....t . .....u -
st t of thiitg. Af't'r exaitti, inuig iuto Si
these' iltatters `pje "ial \Ag',nt Stheridati it vat
will pay t. visit to N;Itclhittchlt's to x. It
;llllminle the aCC nts of IIIII O ' (' ' 1 e(
1 iostiasters in that parish, whose ac- ttu' Il
1 counts are shot, and t ill then make this
Shis inldiingS known in ai report to the 1i1ot
' Postntaster General. Ia came, he aIwa
saw anid he left. increi
~~- --"Wit
After a noit hits ,coletd (,ff with his woltl
third dtat, hlhd the ,treets cars have raise
I stopped ind tning for the night, he think
I- egins to think ot "tturnii.ng in," atid ay t
n then it is pleasant to have Iiis wif'e aigl
a order hint to get the hoseo til utt ot i t; ge
the cellar, noll siplitikle the street, wool.
sidewalk, grass plot and the outside dticet
walls of thie house ifor two ihoursI, so of a
s she can go to sleep fanceying it is rain- casn
ing. tie(u1
-- -- are i
Tr) idget was sentt out one molrn- loss
iCg to buy eOlme. eliads d' lettuce. of sit
She returnedi withli postage stamps. ot i
\ WIheni asked how she nmade the wat
o mistake site perily answer'd,1 piti
"Ant sure, wasn't I tould to get is
Sheads ofletters! I"s
SThe haltd that rocks tlhe cradle est I
[) Is the hand that rocks the wortl; e
But the mana that wakes the baby will
Will get his ear-locks curledb. gist
-N. Y. Ma prec
inig,
SThe man who owns a haby, it tI
to If he's any sense at all, n
a W vill hitimself aise sud soothe it S
l When she first Iins to squill. is a
IC Washington, June ~.--TIhie listtrict
) attornecy fir the distri<'t of Mississippi, i
"s has been instructed by the dlepartltteIt Itil
so if justice, to investigate the facts at- n
tendiig the death of McClellan, in the
Kemlper county massacre, in complliance e
with a request made by the English
authoRithle, who claim that McClellan
Swias a British subject.
And the New Orleans Tines scems as i
er much overjoyed thereat as thie Chlicag' atlt
lic Iuter- Occan. ny
--ties
to The report o'f the Loiseltna State I teli
d Engineer shows that sin e the war the wo,
levees built along the ri'ers in that is t
?C State have cost $.0,072,441 47. This, dill
in- not forlocal benefit alone, but for the tnl,
to commerce of the ciuntry. In the North of
n- these levees would have been built get
me through the medium of an approprea- fet
or tion by Congress.-Conrier'.Jourtal. I:c
sta
s Postmastor General iey hias appoint- to
we etd DanielN. Gross postmaster at Na- Ire
ug perville, Ill. 'hose other fellows who de
uag 'anted the place declare that the op- pr
me pointtntnt is not only it DI- Grss atv
to outrage, bitt a Keylattity to the to't'iI-- lit
on Courier Jourthtd. - nt
an r. A. Lon. of Albany, si ii' learn t b
dg- from the Burksville errespolndent of the to
not Glasgtw Times, has reeettly teturted wi
ote fromna visit to' lowa. He has cet-a!nly iH
oCt- been A. Long 'way fromt h,,tie.-Cou- ht
wg riet-,Journal. ii
mue. - -- -- to
at A AFr~nehmttiI, writing a letter in En- bh
ina glish to a friend, and looking in the o
Diclothiry fir the word "preserve," atod u
fitilrl iding it metnt pickle, wrote as follows: t
"MaIty you and ytur fiamily b Fpickled tS
lil all eternity."
lant __
des- At Iowat itraip, ho has just filed a I"
ame soccessfdl. applieation for dinner at a 5'
ings bhonse on North Hill, got up and left the a
ing. table without eatinig a bite because the
oun- tan of the h5nse took butter itith hl 1
roin own knife.-Burlington Hlawky:.
`Illiit y'e ' im ;1 5
. .. . . . . . ... or t"
Improving Coinmon Sheep. ;, ,.
A bircrpnndlI;nt cf The Courityv $25.
(.etitlInani writes fh'nit St. iia'lWtnice iwcen
county, Niw Yirk: 'l1bii! is int a e
t1 wo -ll-, \'ll-r ing state.; that is, there t, I- :
11 are few r11t iers who make t he lro- lambi
a ductlinullo \"iut 1,1i r the breeding fm ill'pr
_ sheep a speciilitv, :!nil et a large for e
y amount of wool is produced anntially, itd t1
l for the keeping otf small f~ocks of than
s Iheep is vety general i itI all the butei
Sfrntllers through;out the State. I be- farmf
i liheve that the 2, t81,578 sheep return- rapms
Sed in 1x70 are kept uliiiist ettirely bled,
t in siill flocks, taniuig say fronm live per 1
to twenty-five. The lambs and fat and -
fsheep 'ret: disposed of to tithe bitchlers ied to
in eities .zu f't 'h . s. The prodIction their
of Illtton and Wool and the brelinllg nothi
of early lambhs ftl tllarlket 1s it :;tuan- he hta
l il aiijl lnct to the othT ? iiiti t lt'ii ofi y'carl'
I ,iialcllnritur. 1 d1o inot claim ii hit signs
lti is Viery lahirge amiountt of 1pt)lit all h
1i li tiitilade it t I 'tle ittse of a year' have
hroti ii dozent sieep, hut there is, on the i
all fariis, :aiiting lit sniutier and et e
rough tied ti winter' tihat caii he chil- Ti
Vverted into ltor ittolln andi w'ool, and ftlcll
v wlich woulld not ilaike h!tter, beef, tllth
r or iipork. Its s iilposibl for wteeds hle (El
I to grow i a lieil where sheep are I:ette
kept, til for this purlptte they ate wiell
tindllnibl, ,ilk lt)lt y they are sheep
tilhe scavelngers of thel firlm their ire 
ikeepling YcoSts biut little and this is the a tito
I'tireason why they are profitable in the
handi, of even t cateless farmer. To
the faiinter slceepll 'b stock that 1pay Evi
di ivildenids sei- ainniually; In the ing it
Sspiring there is a return of tool that paren
wiolild rlendlllrlthe inviestmeiint in lsheOlp lintl tI
sntlic:ieiitly lirotitable if there was Ino profit
otlher sourCCe of profit, and in the fall Alfall
Sthele is an equallly 'rofitable return hig I
in lambs, or tat her the lainmbs are yy''ar.
ready fitr market at that seasofl. Frontl ed by
the returns olf 1$70l we find that the glerI
i'av'erage clip per head was 4.85 poinls, partit
SA shleelp will clip neatly five pounds growL
itof Washed twootl;' wortllh say thirty coste
cenlts per polunId (it has beell con- l no
siderably ligher during the past few upon
years) ; this amounlts to 1I 50). She waste
also produces a lamni, which shold to kec
f he worth 55 wheni it is fit for the from
I butc!ei. This makes $6 50 as the for tl
ii amounII t realised frout one shleep for looke
tI!e y'i"r. iY e have to tfed tlit sheeplli every
11 and iare for her a entr but wb have while
I the sheep herself left at the endit of go to
hi S easonil , tier nlanlur also, land thie viled
, fact that this was accompilislhed oni wast
tliogh fced and an outily of very lit- ble fe
oltl0 Ti aki. * A'A' lai lllCT tF oltleolliare .a
lit varies with the difterent breeds. of ket
It is ini porittit that the cost of I lnit
Shecpiinig sheep shouhl be trenced to sIne
l tht lo lest poseiile ligure. And whlil negle
e tills object should not be lost sight of. turag
e alnother eqally important object may tical
always be kept in view, and that is great
iincreitsing the quality of tile flock. ins;g o
"Whaitet'er i worith dtting at till is hero
s wot th olitg wellh" If it will pay to disca
1" raise sheep for mnuttoni and wool (alnd I ard I
e think there is nio doubt of it), it will anly
d pay to raise sheep niaking the largi State
(' ,eight of muttoi land yielding tlhe of hi
)t Ilagest quan tity of tlhe highest-priced subji
1, wool. Sheep-llreedilhg ltilds oIut in- ever'
Ile dnicetlents as templting as any biranch atten
ºo of agriculture. It is very often the that
I- eCia that t busiRnessi i prnltible in profl
theory, whell engaged ill by "menI who nd
are incomijetInt, is apt to result iln hout
, loss anid dlissatisfaetioitll. The 1rofit
e. of sheep breeding depelds as tineh Ii*
s. on the intelligencem amtld ability of the 1h1.
le Iman who undlrtakesi's it s itloes tlie Frei
pi'.iiit of" III itliher bulsiliess irqilit lg las
Lt as lirge aill nlonll t of cxerientce ft froth
its situccesisfnil Iprosecition. It i itu- Liti.
Iossible for a mall who Ihas no iter- tion
est in the iibusitlitq to becolrie a sic
ce<sfiil stheup bleedEr, biltdl such a tatt att
will in lime quit thie iisiniess init dis- if h
guist. Unless a mtint prollte'l" np -
ipreiates tie sllheep tlhat hie is reed- to
ing, he calilnot have h iuerest lnoughl
ill thIl(.en to iiliiae his tuiaking tile ~u Iti
silt'ess a sucess. o
Silti it inpoittint to the flock. It
is a iatltelr of hea:illth tho th lck tit I hit
S hey atle olei.sii~ti lla el l c tgell flrolll nit
tiiit lihil to amitlothi1. Good jdll gmlnt tit
Iii, can lie slil i ni ill t|lie hiceding of the irs'
utlk. Thi e ue of ril In intihs ftr n
lio eelitg ia ielt elor', arnd whelet thisi
ietliodl of blreedtlinlg is adoiljted tl her e
e is a lack of 'ior in the lamiillbs, andi a
Ian stl'iady deteriolatuiol ill thile lick.,
'''There is a great deall to Ite dtone in rt't
iluprovhig the slhvep that we have. fall
as Tle olrditiUlary brleed of tie cotrtlll'y isi be
igo alllmost its mliuch of a distilict bteed Ie It n
linty oif the solcalletl iltproved vaic hitt
ties. It possesse sonicme If tile hall'lc- th
ate I temistices of te lorig-wlotledsi lto titc- No'
the woiltid and the tllltiton valeties. It, ti"
hit is the iresilt of the introdlictinl at Ioo
his, ditfelet c it ites, of all tIliese varities, fro
the alid woltld respond ql!icly Illto a cross \*i
itlh of aiy thorillhitbreldl stdck. Their mI
ilt general apperll'iiIce, liowever, is in
rca- feio'r, and tlieir wool especially is
lacking in unifoirin of quality arnid
staple. If a farter finds it lrolitablb t
int- to keep shleelp whelti tlle clill tilt ati
Na'- i'Ierage l,'e lpoutds of wtol, it is evi. -t
who deilt that lile will tfill it still oiloie I
P- pirotitble if lie catln iti~ct'rse that P
Iros averlilge to six pouinds, alld so iu- In
i.- prove Ihe qutilty tliat lie cith colll- a
Ililitd foiir or five ctliit lii!ilto per '
puiiutiid. A failtmer 'wholl tI ifi i prifita. Ii
an ble tl iraise hills wecighing frou lift"
f the to sity illlounli lat fliive iuntilh~ dhl,
Irned will find it still ihore profitanlhle to tatiie e
ilnly laubs weighltnll from eighty to ihe
Cou- inidreil pliiiutlls at the llsame r ige.
lto taii this be done T Otte. way is i I
to obtaii the lsheelp that will do it; I
I En- bta thlis is Iardly advisalle for the i
Sthe ordinary flrllier, as it mivitlves too
aud muuch expc·rse. A +Iter gttid .y is
ws: I use thilorttghbred i'aiis. Thiireare
mid io o i n ergagel in Ithi breediig
oif Ihllrouglhbie sttak t t 4 fainter
is nble ti prour'e a good lnihiiail at 1I
iled a iea,'n!liibIle Itrice. Whei'i thioe aie
at a several smtiall flock owners desitrous of
ft the ! btinLitlltg the use of a thoroughbred
se the Ir.iii; iliey should clmtb together and
t iil urclhrae ia suitable animal. By ju
diiousli prolongiitg tho0 6cao601, a
'odl anii'ial will serve forty of' lft
A man ticeping a flock of t'eai
or twenty-five ,theep 'an nsually pro,"
a.e1' a wil lired i'd( m uah fior ubotli
$25; hi I twenity owes wil! p ;'rdit:le
tw\\ ti l? ty li( a ^ 1 ll', ned it twe
enams (ialit(' 1 t lon f ion stn, it atd isabnb
to , thi .t rint) lieh will ,h:;li fillty
lambs. The cot,l if the te of the
inpiivedl ittil gill L' . j e-.t 621 cent
for each Ihitni. 't'herre is Iore profiti
itdtl les (ili tin (dl essing it la e hinti
tihan in dressing a silll i ati,
butchers know it. a I e !:inowti
farmers, who, by ttsing well-bre d.
ratste il their tocl:ks, have beent enlt.
bled, to i'l their.lambs for $1 to $1 1 5
per hI'-:il minuore than their iicighleil ;
and whllile their neighbors ,ici 1oblig
eli to keep tlleir hianmb till oveiiiber;
their ownl were l in Augliust. To H'1
iothing ofl the ritija Ia mibs, l!wever-;
lie hlas';o si'hlould have, In the twd
zieay:, twetit. ewte lainthbs. itl he de
signs to keep these he llln disposel of
all his old sheep, and helit will then
lityae a flock oft half-tired shoep. 1t1
the imllprovemenit of thll,9 tvwenty
evet he !hais pti Just. $1 25 pel head.
Thorull hibrled aniials have thl
ftc-iilty of iimpressin g their otf!pi ing
ilth their own alikeless i if reltarka
hie' degriee, and t lis pl i iciple is never
hetter illltlratet ii than in tihe use of
icell-bid ramlls in iiimplroving or'dlinarl
sheep, and a flock of half-lbred shleet
itre still better stock oil which to uaut
It thorliuglibred rain.
Hogs on the farni.
Every year the importance of rais
ing our own pork becoimes more ap
parent on this colist. Our fat-itflei
fintd that there is policy as well as
profit in raising pork tlpdn thei far;:
Alfalfa tields maltke thle best kinds of
ho,g pasttltei at any season of the
year. 4i';ain fields are easily harvest
ed by hogs, and the stubble t1elds are
gleauedl by them. On. many farmls,
particularly where ldtiiry big aild gritll
growing ate carried on together, thil
cost of raising a few hogs each year
is nothing, as they get their living
upon what would otlietrtis g t,1
waste. But it pays to feed Ihogs well
to keep them in good grownIi' ordct
from their birth tl1l they itib ready
for the butcher. The hog should be
looked upon is a necessary part of
every good farmer's stoclk. id
while he saves ailat woill (itltieriise
go to waste, lie shliold dilaki be pro
vided for in times wIheni there is iid
waste feed. A few sectionis of miOVa
ble feice will allow any111 graihi grower
il\yg ,'j a ak ,mlil,nmux, thlp, qtttlh.e
of keeping whitel orten pastulutge uis
not obtainable, w' 1e liD gtreatly It's
silned. No good farier can aftlrd tc
neglect tie mnatter of providintg pats
turage in this, or in soime other ecoio
ica! mannier. While swine !it 1th0
great pork producing StaWe are dy
ing off with fhog cholerli, Ithe herds
hero aft flet.iatthl'- ly foe fs ftro! . nl!
diseases. We canl prod tice healthhlet
and better pork on this COilt than itl
ainy other section of the lUiitecl
states. Farmers who feel the effect
of hard tiines shouild think t iipoll thitt.
subject, andl by tlyinking advauntage of
every sure nreatnl of prolft tuln ileirt
attention to all branches of farming
thalt will ipay, anld not neglect sit
pro1ttablle a resource as the growiing
aild flatteninig of swilne to supply out
homlU demaniild.
Pritect ion friot li ies,.-A contezin
pbhary. rciiotds thle discvery of i.
Freclh lilharlnaceultal celist \litd
has dlisco'eretlti a wlay to proltect hIloirses
frlom alt ltacks f flies, acco, liltig hto i
Iiuulond nimediicl pnfier. 1!is into
tion tihl~lt in iruliblung tile hI-rse,
elie~htill th yil palrts lllost olbject tj
attalck, Witlh it little coitenl'ifated oil
of ltaurel. 'l'halro is not ithe hait
dalngeri ill its is&, huid the cost is sail
to ihe very smiall. Atnoiher reitllent
suggestedl by tlhe satle ieron iJs a R
lintion of 0 graimnllles (1 lb. antd 5
ozs. avoiuduolAis) of assafoltidia ill two
ghi:sR iof wlater .itd olie of \'ilneai'.
If hiorses he well washed with thiti
nit ti lt. will aett tiltpoun thetat, its tih
a1tislfi'ttht di!tes the ties awily-4 This
drug kiia~ h citi !i-leliiitio s ijoatlit es .i ,
an externial aijllttittei, aiild may be
used unhtesitatitgly;
Hotw to C(loosos Ia Golod Caiw\.---A
cr-iplly hloiroi is a good ildhi athion, It
full ee aoliother. hr hiaid shouhl
be small aid shtoit. Avoit a Routait
ilnose, wi-hileh intliht iil,, .thhi inilk aitd
little ol it. See thalt sile is dished iii
tire faciee- sunk hectwecio tlhi e.es.
Notice tlhat slit: i h!ait stock Ini-n
Scall nl llod lhanrller-sklin ,of!t 1nild
hloose, like tlhe skii on a dIg. Deep
friom the loli, to the ihhlhr, and t!
lver' slith tail. A c.it wiilt these
Smarnfks never fails to be ta gtoid tililker
A Kiekiig Cow.-A dnihTiulai ite
i timrked that before tittilg down 1i
n milk a k1 kihg htifer Ile pi it 'ia- "s p'
i attachletd to tlit eutld ilf ai rol, ini.ii
hit h piose, , itd Iiid t ht) I'l1eii ii t 1) l h
Spiltt inti thl Attll d ' ii hth c-et ti;
u ngdl't , sl lltlF elevatiin. iier liO.ei
andi shie toid ad jutiltv 'hiile shin
erdI iilllkli , iS lio te liist gettullc cow
ti. i h st-ile;
* Soilp~ lr biennlng GIl,'i;ts. -ducih :
se olirj is , iliai lI. on e poutiuidig 3
hO ounces of igood, IhaRt' so:up, ilitll ted ill
I'1 ionln e of iwarm water, I olitce of
hypi-stiillphlite oif sodni and I drachni
;of liquid animonia. 'l'lii lxtlll e ii
Sapllllied to thie itretclhed glov- li
Ii mjlds of a piece of flnnil.
are 1
itg Crisp Cake.-2 pounndl of flaur, i
pol lind of sugat, 1)1 ld ft it ittet, I
ti i tlltbler of utilk, 2 1teaspooLIS of soda.l
Sof Roll very thin.
redt . --" -- ...
and At Austin, Nevada, thre isl a lirS
ju- Club, and the absence o. a Repubh;lcat
It ni \V l ,wirp in eur Tc ey flt...