JAn. 1. CO i- ROWV, . * Editor.
ATCHIiITOCHES
ATUIl)AY - - August 12, 1~76.
Rates of 4becrlptlenl
o py one ear ............. ....- .00
one Copy is maoutlm ...... ............. -00
Pavhlld In advalee.)
W. W. SHARP & CO.,
PUBLI BER8' AGENT8,
No. 25 Park Row, New York, el
Are authorized to contract for ad- y,
vertising in our paper. g
Deloratic Ticket.
FOR PBESID ET,
OF NEW YORK.
FOR VlCRCES1IDENT, - .
!hou A. 33351I0Z,
OF INDIANA.
fOR GOVERNOR,
FRANCIS T. NICHOLLS,
OF ASSUMPTION.
1o0 LIURTEYANT GOVERNOR,
LOUIS A. WILuZ,
OF ORLEANS.
FOR ATTORLEY G(IENERAL,
H. N. OGDEN,
OF ORLEANS.
FOR SECRETARY OF STATE,
Win. A. STRONG,
OF WINN.
FOR AUDITOR,
ALLEN JUMEl 4
or IBERVILLE.
YOR SUPERINTENDENT OF PUBLIC ED.
UCATION,
ROBERT M. LUSHER,
OF ORLEANS.
lOR (CONGRESS,
Fourth Congrdonal District,
J. B. ELAM,
-rOF DEsorO.
SA1IO;U EME T' . a,
ti
We are snthoL e to announcee..
ASSON; o. ,Cloaftiertilleo. s oa 1k i
didate for the oUie of 'lerk 6f . v
_Distrl Ydeart, ,nliject to the action ti
of the Parish Convention of the De
iocrade.o.tlaerrative party.
W. 8. CAMPBELLrespectrully an
noences thatse is a eandidate for the
nominamidr for the ale of SlElIFF
We arQ nthorised to anodoee the.
name of EMILE IEBLI EUX for the 1
oficep .rla of tLse Ditriet Court,
semneet to.the nomination before tiSe
bDemoratic.Conservative Conven tion'
of the adb.i M
Be it ilelV tb
of Wid lx. d fthis prih, be requested
to mlsait, hi sale,fo omination for,
SHERIFf of thia irnh, ia the Conven
Ste it fIthrth Re olrvd, That in the
Vent of isa setObi Lttbl cll, that this
at wi in diave soumt~l o et.
PriMasden, Ward i Ch.
f A kE.UEMEI , Eei,, wil consent
t how he .usan to go before the
DZmo oerd.=Cormnrvatfve Convention
ptiwtheoff dieo ce of dClsr of
V ,mioo Elr8, le will receive the
Uilri CuTrwzu*.
s .w'"p .P otf SR IFF of Natolbai
m iu s eet to:the action of
`_ °; e tIoe Conven
a Pleas. annoiws.
N k bewratle.Conuerv
n n..P~e
Afti~~i~~~E;a
-sadt IDariot ,ois.'
*ý I.iuhaia ing
rf. r ; ` ;u4tbi4i ni Of
tý,a a {r(1 ý 1.;
Q. ';
thu sisadla
mmi
To Our People.
With regard to choosing candidates The r
tor onr offices of Sheriff, Clerk and med "I
Recorder, we simply call the atten- the pub
tion of all delegates to the Jefferson- tine, th
ian tests of an officer : "Is he honest, out the
is he capable, is lie faithful to the mucli
Constitution.n theorize
We are to have an aggressive cam- edge ol
paign; choose no man that we will behold.
have to explain-either as to compe- We i
tency or past conduct. in Loui
To all candidates make these three cal rul
suggestionss: A nomination is not an ches ha
election; an election will not make conflsc
you rich, for the Democrats intend to freely
greatly reduce all official salaries and has not
perquisites. And an election will just re
not make you a great man. "Pig- people
mies are pigmies on Alps." policy
The offices of Legislators and Police for ani
Jurors, are immeasurably t1h most i-ts. the ch
portant offices to be filled by the led a
coming parish Convention. truth,
All the evils under which we now maused
suffer most be relieved by the legis- lig tc
lative branch of our Government. To and at
o this mighty work, it requires our If, I
lst talent; men of sense and men of had b
Orm.and determined will. ponisl
I Welaqt have men in the Legisla. they
tore who have the genius to originate, would
the wisdom to frame, and the integ- this
rity and nerve to carry into effect, in and a
spite of friends and foes, practical Mo
and substantial measures of relief dema
and reform. These men must be of quick
those who will add strength to the tick- order
et, and who are true and tried men of the a
the people. The splendid examples thy f'
of the Convention at St. Louis and come
Baton Rouge, most be the guide; or co
must teach our Convention to lay Repo
aside the skimmed-milk office-seeker, be ce
the middle men, the fence-straddler, it is
the turn.coats, the trimmers. good
The nomination of such men would what
be the simple signal of defeat; de. pray
feat lasting and inevitable. Let our done
people be not deceived ! Some men Ht
are patriots for policy, some are pa- Thei
D triots for show, and but few are pa- does
triots from PRINCIPLE. wan
When the dark pall of Radicalism they
hang like death over our land, there to p
were men; good fellows, whose lips gree
were sealed, whose walk was silent, rest
whose presence was wanting when cent
the throes of the people demanded ed t
their Tongoe, Brain and Arm. The the
men who tore from the form of Radi- A ft
3. calism the coverings of its deformity; the
the men who stood up in those dark ing
hours of the past eight years, and by and
/tt voice and deed, showed devotion to is t
lion the cause, MUST be the men who stand sani
Now at the helm. snce
Let the Convention select the ablest star
an- and best men in the parish for Legis. no
the lators and Police Juay men, and com- s8as
iFF tlo e
11 9el th 11 to __t 0h nomination, ti5l
h refune to serve his conntry. It would pro
the be the political death of any man to cau
Et, reject the unnanimous nomination by the
ile his fellow-citizens for the most im- da
Sportant ofee in their gift. the
pe Self-sacrifie is the loftiest virtue of int
: God or man. We have men in ourfl
parish who have in an eminent de. be
ste gree every characteristic of a good dn
Sfor candidate and a good legislator. Let on
VeD them be nominated, and svccis IS tri
a the CRBTAIN.
1thi tel
* The reign of Radicalism, extend- as
b. lug over .eight years, has prodaced ple
other great demoralizations, than
ent that of the lowering of the stand- R
rdthe of Btnesty. One, the lowering of to
to great and fundamental truths and be
sf fixed political asioms we have noti- bi
ced, and noticed with sadness, be go
cause'we feel from our own monitor
that e mean well for our own pena. l
p thei pl and do all we can to tlhe end, at
rd 5, that we, ino eomron with them, may w
ehi njoy dgood government. T
r oen 'The Radical standard of capability,
we arte ained to admit, has began to
show itself among our, people. Be. L
eause ignoramansea like Blint, have 01
.at been Seonra2to,1fsol like Raby, Rep. T
her- resentatives, and jackasses like IHeis
t and, Boullt and Breds, Parish Judg- e
s, every one who has a titillation of a
desire to serve his country imagines at
at once that lie ii eapable for any t4
S(hUg. This is a sad mistake,'and
one calculated to set back the end we
Shave in view, good government, for n
dj ! al nitd f prlod. 5
ai V scta te trust opuParlsq CGoan 0
vention will .bhear this,: i maind, and i
t In sQ doiig take the St. Louis and
Iofr p . tq Roue Conventions sfittaig
da ldplel ; as piae in thel selectioon
iqfproper men--uan of 'cspabiti,
sit Ar. 8 pshens,, Mail Agentl at
t i5 pin t ti,h , plased ohr.. om.
Seuaity uandbr everlasting obilga- I
aQd titur16or hi. prtilons in havuig'
L'7 aged the ;asil"s'Boole, so us a
Spat us tipts qiek commuonie
S8report. Our ,haetuorday o.
on gWa u sq uan4.r the
p iesi mwith all our jneaople, we thmnk
gMr. 8tele bthe wda lilary.
g e psr C1i a it Oa, asohted esp
MiUP~ latib~sE.Sf9B~~ ku~em e *.
~~¶F· i'~' 4t~ ti
Violence.' Co
The rural Radical press has drum- the
I med "shot-guns and violence" into and got
- the public ear for such a length of claratio
time, that many timid people through- form.
, out the State credit some "tire for so tle den
a much smoke," and dish up advice; the Rai
theorize on effect, without a knowl- to drun
_ edge of cause, that is sickening to citizen,
II behold. to slav,
We venture' to say that no parish stituti
in Louisiana has suffered from Radi- these 4
e cal rule such outrages as Natchito- truthfi
n ches has. Taxation has amounted to and W
;e confiscation, and violence has been This
o freely used towards us. Still all this people
, has not been sufficient to provoke a under
11 just retribution on the part of the pected
5. people, for the reason that public pect
policy demanded that we should "suf- men
ce fer and be strong." The "turning of make
a. the cheek" has been amply exempli- The
lie fled with us; but we can say with ed for
truth, that our forbearance has not and w
iw caused our enemies to cease attempt- good i
is. lug to rob us; to cease vilification events
To and abuse, and to cry violence daily. and st
fr if, in 1814, the Radical whelps here have
of had been justly dealt with, had been our rE
punished as their crimes demanded Poc
la- they should have been, our section result
te, would have been free, at least, from ponsi
ag. this daily howling of "bulldoozing are w
in and white league shot-guns.' color
eal Murder and violence per se, we con- with
lief demn heartily, and none will assist now
º of quicker in the maintaintainanceof law and to co
ick- order, than we; but we propose at tions
Sof the same time to entertain no sympa' good
)les thy for the riminal, even should he tofor
and come in the garb of a Radical olflcial, ten.
de; or covered with the sacred (?) toga of TI
lay Republicanism. This campaign is to color
ter, be conducted with peace and quiet- ty, 4
ter, it is to our interest, to the interest of one
good government to do so-that is no l
muld what the white element desires and bette
de. prays for, and will leave nothing un- educ
our done to secure. fate
men How is it with the Radical leaders ? who
pa` Their idea of peace, unfortunately, and
pa- does not coincide with ours-they
want no pledges of peace from us,
lisam they want no acts of guilt-troops T
here to protect them in intimidating so- ed t
lips graes. United States Marshals to ar- marl
lent, rest all who give them a manly, de- folf
rhen cent opposition, is the idea entertain- Fre
mded ed bº these fellows, of peace. It is that
The the only peace that will win for them. dep
ladi- A fair, honest and quiet election is whi
uity; the death blow they have been dodg- por
dark ing for years past, and all this cant in a
d by and cry of "violence and shot-gans" rad
in to is simply intended to provoke that Ho'
stand same "violence," with the hope that ists
success may come of it. We under- the
blest stand this thoroughly, and will offer I
egis- no pretext for the display of "troops pm
com- sustaining Republican (I) institu- for
tions."
rould propose to aeaUs opposing thee; that foA
n to can never be until vice he driven from the
o by the land. We intend to lash them
it im- day and night; we intend to inform
the publio thoroughly of them; weS
tue of intend to have a fair, peaceable eke- C
in our tiom; we intend so eolored man shaidl
at de be elub-gagged, shot at ; A.e stock M
good dowsed or his property harmed, with- be
oLet on a quicL, sharp and efeeftual re.- e
se s tributioe.
We have pledged ourselves to pro- BI
- tect and defend him in all his rights r
tend- as an American citizen, and that d
daced pledge we will keep at all hazards.
than Does any sane man suppose the
stand- Radicals want us to do this; the pro- h(
lng of tection of the negro, from their rob
s and bery and intimidation, is another ll
a noti- blow, this cry of "violence and shlot. -i
s, be guns" attempts to dodge.
rouitr We will answer for it, that quiet
n peo- shall reign from Avoyells to Bossier,
e end, and that in consequence, we come
o, may with a Democratic majority of TEN
THOUSAND!
gan to The following is the speeeh of Col..
. e L. N. Lane, of our parish, upon sec
t, have ending the nomination ofGen. Frankt
T, Rep- T. Nieholls at Baes Rouge :
SHeibs I lave the honor, an honor I shall
Judg- ever cherish, of seconding, on the part
of the Parish of Natchitoches, the
on of a name of FranIes T. Nicholls as out r
lagines standard-bearer in the oming aon
or any test. n
eand It is a.name, gentlemen, which 'has
ever been found lin the front ranksi :t
and the right, 'bittilng against wrng.ja
at, for name to whihirp lng some of th: l
sweetest mepories, some of thie bright-:
o es and most Ibrilllant gemsa "LoiCi .
lran's history; a naine famed in oar
e, and hgendarylaw-in story of eamp md I
als rad reside; a nmoe, in pese1 , honored
m tSltig withtheermine;i n war, it blood has
slctio dyed Ia crieson streaes many battle
fields, attedtlng that devrotion to State i
,iNff which thrills every Southern heart,i
that love'ofeonntry, the Inheritance
of Louhqbraa's children. .
But at It Ihaa been utrge that Gen. Nichollse
is physically Ineapaeltated for timhe
r 0o01' pers;io mce f t rdnoas duties l~ of
oblga- b eampalanand :of the 'oMe. tol
hav high weifielelat'bhim.
S Oeuntlemen, e, will gd to dtdbwl il
so s stained battle fields of Virginia, dig
n pca lup its hsoestere b aa and astie.
Sspaniards ba old di iwith tle drpse
oer uQueehln, plaee'them io the vg g
a pa and onwArd mhkreb to victory. "
us here But makea a he i s in her serviee,
ie g i whe where ies tihe son of Louis-.
timns who will not rally to tie rbaner
n ea*m1 of Firancis T. Nicholls, a banner Urns
at &mu relset MM rV9tat.
*For Asm benet of thees l i rn, we
1t54 ea t ist the District will maake spihe
In Cadddorelewhera.
.W-is J. B ZaEwll .. el:cte d by ash
Coafort for the Colored. GRA
'the colored voter will find econlfort Otf1
and good cheer in the emphatic de- The f
F clarations of our Baton Ilouge plat- took plai
form. It is a standing, inanawer- ast and
I e denial of the lying utterances of ast eandp
the Radical politicians who attemp t epNI
to drum into the eat of the colored ON pr
citizen, the stale charges of a "return ed enthm
to slavery,i and a "depriving of Con- g .
Il stitutional tights"'-and what makes ing, of
these declarations so emphatic and DeSoto,
truthful, is the nomination of Nicholls Rirer, a
o and Wilts to carry them out. chitoechl
o This is not a political fight, but a
a people's battle; every one's rights into the
a under the law will be properly res- ng of I
le pected and protected and that res' and boI
i pect and protection will come from Denmoc
f' men who are as able as willing, to A la
Df make such prolific of good results. were il
I- The colored man has been govern- t
th ed for eight long years in Lonisiann, and del
ot and we defy any one to point to a C F.
Pt good result therefrom. The logic of to orde
n events placed In their halnds freedom Gen. I'
Y- and suffrage, upon which demagogues named
are hae played, alas, hut too well for
en our rain and their good. Henry
ed Poverty for him and his are the R
o result of ignorant, corrupt, and irres- Win. I
)m ponsible government-for which we Deblie
n1 are willing to acquit the mass of the Kearn
colored voters-we do not charge him Dr.
,n- with criminal intent, but he must tie fol
ist now cease to be led by these fellows enthum
nd to commit by his vote, nsuch depreda- opted
at tions upon the rights, liberty and Ae
pa* good order of the State, as has here- tires
he tofore marked his conduct as a citi- La., ii
1al, ten. datre
'of The arguments we make to the Rte
to colored man are marked in his pover- earne
Pt- ty, degradation and ignorance, and to Sar
t of one gleamn of reason will tell him that all ey
Si no hope remains to him and his of neut
and better times, brighter homes and with,
un- educated families, save in linking his deeds
fate with the Southern white man ed b3
re who is his friend, and has the will
ely, and power to protect him. A. He
hey Ai c-Hi
us, Radicals Rob the Negro. we
top State
The most striking evidence present. gae
mar- ed to the colored man, of promises ment
do- made by radicals to him never to be and
fulfilled, is in the investigation of the ite
tins Freedman's Bank, wherein it is shown and
that the poor negro was deluded into latel
em. depositing his hard earned pittance, Bate
which was no doubt intended to sup. form
port him and family inIdeelining years, and
eant in a Bank specially incorporated by a guid
s radical administration; officered by of 4
that Howard and other radicalphilanthrop- ston
that ists, to rob and plunder the negro of witt
der- these deposits. that
offer That the object of this bank was ovei
0sps pure robbery there can be no doubt
ito' for fron the very first hour of its ex- line
t feaour iio had been flched by roan
from these lords of misrule, prominent A
them among whom was Grant, the aighty tur
form king. Had not a Democratic House plei
come into power, no one would have gus
Sever known the villainy of this tran
Ssaction; and it becomes the eolored Mc
man to study well the great difference '
with. between radical promises and radical no
Sexecution. dlo
In all their howl of "Confederate to
SBrigadiers," they cannot drown the e
rights cry of thounads of colored men, who v
that demand the money they deposited in the
zards. good fabith and of which they were the
o the robbed by Giant, Howard, and the lam
e pro horde of thieving satellites who fut- g
r robter traroud our aespitol warmed into mf
other life by an adoministration that has by
ylot. yielded nothing to our country but g
rain and disgrae*. de
osTer, Joe. Maloney was the first man
TEN brought up stanlding by the "Home b
Guard," and we sincerely trust at
- the lesson will not be lost on Joe he
,f Col. and othet colored as well as white vi'
o se5 Badical bulldoozers. St
Frak Joe, it wems, ia dyed.inRthe- la
wool Radical, to which we have o
epatno objeetion, but Joe hasa desire
., to whip other negroes when they b
as oturn Demorat, to whicb we most b
g ocon- Serionely 6bject.
i habs Joe was'gwen to understamund le
#pk sf that this call of the "Home Gunard'" t
oi s wou ld bethe .at oe madeiu l
brigh - ee, on hhm .,He caU do as he "
In pleases, politieclly or otherwise, k
p ad o fsrI Pit ido~ts not interfere with t
onted other .people's rights. Colored t
ba me men can be Democrats, and Joe a
S tate Maloney cannot molest them for
heartsi It at no one molest him for be- .
tI lug a Republican-should he think t
ichollh otherwise, he will lm taught a les- I
for tson lating it experience to him, r
sic to and an example to all other Ba1i.
eal intimidt&aoi. t
niaig "Let the Republicans of Missourt
ith agaie rihly around the tree Sovereign
the --the, comma sachool."- 8breveport
Telegra~p;
s ervice, Myes and Blunt wil rally every
I tim-te to tabti shibboleth. testinga ,
rad thimsb to, expect Gabriel to
shout, "up boys anotherpublic llschool
utremes to rob:" and they willres
-oeu, we poudeI
p rish- Tbh Publeaoas of Loiisiani hase
p b. "railild arpund the common school
Siith t~adsry,; until there is not a'S"over
eilp"Jeft tiOr-t. What daes the Tale.
,hofrnsfty ". .: ,
S SSG having a
GRAND MASS ME by the .
t OtTPOURING OF TIIH PlEOVPL1. twenty
The first tALLY of the campaign guiltt o
took place in our parish' oh Monday ac1 itt6.)
last and the attendance far exceeded
our expectations. Fully E
ONE THOUSAND PEOPLE
d were present and the most unbound
en d enthusiasm prevailed. Patriotic
i Speeches were made by Judge Man
s hing, of Itapides, lion J. B. Elam, of
SDeSoto, Hlon. Jas. Pierson, of Red "D i
s River, and Hon. W. H. Jack of Nat- and
chllitoches.
a These gentlemlten poured hot shot general
t into the radical hulk amid the shout- Wo a a
ing of the people, the flying banners violatio
' and booming guns of the unterrified the con:
Dt Democracy of Natchitoches. illicit 1
to A large number of colored men party,
were in attendance, and all returned fomest
*n- to their homes full of enthusiasm races r
in, and determination. and til
a C. F. Dranget called the meeting rineg t
of to order by nominating, as President it wan
D1 Gen. P. A. MoRsE, and the following terfere
"e named gentlemen as Vice-Presidents We
for W. C. Ross, J. A. Wolfson, J. C. bad
Henry, J. J. Rains, J. E. Keegan, II. usurpa
e R. McClendon, J. J. Key, Emile Rost, ed by
es- Win. Robinson, Benj. Metoyer, Alex. the d
we Deblienx, and as Secretaries G. W. throW.
t Ke Kearney and J. '. Sprowl. onets
aim Dr. Geo. E. Gillespie introducned We
lust the following resolutions which were desire
Cw enthusiastically and unanimously adl- ud et
da- opted: and F
and dena
We the Democrats and Conserva- no via
ere- tires of the parish of Natchitoches, towar
eitl- La., in mass meeting assembled de- citizel
clare it to be ; with
the Resolved, That we pledge the State
united strength, the vigorous and so
rearnest support of our fellow citizens
and to Samuel J. Tilden the man to whom feet (
that all eyes are turned as the embodi- ament
is of ment of practical reform, whose name Unite
is so conspicuously connected there
nd with, not from words alone, but by versi
1 his deeds, as nobly done, as ever perform- and
man ed by ancient or modern hero. every
will Resolved, That in his election for rie't'
President and in the election of Thos. s
A. Hendricks, of Indiana, the favorite
son of the West, for Vice-President, race
we see the people of these United
States restored once more to honest thel
sent- government, and to those attach- td t
nies ments which give promise of peace all c
to be anti lasting love throughout the
Union.
Resolved, That we fully endorse ble
lown and ratify the acts of our delegates carry
I into lately assembled in convention at
snee, Baton Rouge, and receive the plat
p form of principles there adopted as bein,
our best State policy ; concurring in,
Tears, and standing by every plank as our on tl
by a guide in State politics and as the hope TI
d by of our oppressed people.
Resolved, That we look upon the half
hp- istandard-bearers in the State contest Nict
wro of with love and confidence, and feel ard,
that such a calamity ma fail, cannot
c was overtake us with the names of Frank
T. Nicholls, of Assumption, and Louis 0
A. Wilts, of Orleans, at the mast eng
ti ex- head. That these are the Sten to lead to p
t
d by road td peace and prosperity.
inent After thie meeting every person re
gty turned to his homes more than
House pleased width the result of the first dep
have gun of the campaign. cat
--t--ra-n-- er
lored Moral of the Belknap Acquittal. en
erence Tha acquittal of Belkuap startles ar
adical no one, for that was a foregone con -
elusion whaen we knew his trial was
derate to take place before a body oft hi
Sth peer.
0, wha The exuense set up by Senators, that et,
ted in thley questioned the jurlsdietion of
7 were the Senate, is certainly one of the in
nd the lamest apologies it has ever been our go
to Out misfortuneto accept. The question
Sinto of jurisdiction had been passed upon
at has by the Beaute before the tridl, and the
try but Senators were as much bound bl that
decisios os theg are bl ag statlrtor
act which theky may pas.
it man For instance, would it not seem the
'Home Light of folly to have a "minority Sen
trust ator" plead, in a competent court if
on Joe he shoald be there tried for some
white violation of the laws of the United
States; that be did not vote for that
in-the law, and |n consequence it was In- (
have operative as fras he was concerned,
dirand questions ot jurisdiction are as
binding upon Senators when decided
n they by a majority of them, as laws passed
a mostby them are upon aeltios.
This pleading readers thleir vote
estand less exeasble and they are reduced
Buard" to the dire aecessity to being em
made u paled oa the two horns of a dilemma,
Sas he which ale, that they aeqatted Bel
erwise, kuap .iemseof the fobieo of Mesnrs.
eth Carpeter and Black's argument;
re that tlhey could not Vote guilty for
the reason that they were bribe-takers
ad Joe as well aselkuaop, that it had be
hem for come enstom and was tbherefore not
for be. onlawful for public oMenals to accept
ie think bribes; or else the acquittal came
at alese from the fact that Belkuap was a
to him, radical and tat was aujglietr to cover
r ha. all sais. In either ease the people of
the whole country wilt not aepit he
- bnate-that we can rest asured of. 1
Missourt Belkap's guilt is not questioned;
overeign thae evidence against him is over
rveport whlelmlug, and were it not, his own
candid admission of it was enough,.
11y every "Delkuap's disgrace" will pass into
teting history as one dark and damaning;
briel t but r, will also be written that the
eshool Senate was wilsling, is Ite subservien
ill res* cy to plrty, its wnt of mortal tone,
its daily iodulgence in vie-that
ns hae 'MaMnster, ofso frightual mien,
shool- Whiheb to be lhated need buit tobe see;
" Sover-Yet seen too oft,familiar with her face,
We tlstendure, thenpity, then embrae."
e Tle Was willing, as we said, to lessen
Cmothe sin and iniquity of this sret-con.
feamed thief, sad mireb themselvIes
pt wiwth befouled erlme.
 Bidelkeap, a .tinlster of the Uniated
d$ **States g ri mAin uiita 1.876L aoofusesA
havingo accepted bribes, and was tried Ma Ar1ti
by the Senate therefor ; whereupon tlts of
twenlty-five Settators admitted their poisoned
guilt of the same criminal practice by lingering
acquitting him.' (Encyclopedia for diseases,
1976.) Cholera.
Dots for Cogitation. western
Colored Men, Read and Ponder. went tnfi
healthy -
Patriotic Slahs from the State Demo- anatic sac
cradti Platform. free use a
or Gold.1
S"Do hereby declare Administrative remedy io
Sand Political REF'ORM to be the prevatlen
PARIAMOUNT ISSUE in the coming and, bhei
it general election." paration
We alraign thie Radical party of ty withio
,Louisiana for marked and frequent
violations of the letter lnid spirit of
1d the constitution ; for the assumption of Donll'
illicit powers for the benefit of theI meting
,n party, and to tile great injury and
alhnost total ruin of the State; for -
fomenting dissensions between the Attent
m races and deliberately exciting strife
and turmoil, thereby cruelly sacrili
cing the lives of colored and whlite Resolr
citizens, with the intent of procuring of tihe D
unwarralted and unconstitutional in- he ntlei
og terference in our State affairis. Thursd'
ts We denounce the usurpative and the purl
C.ad government which Louisiana hIs bers of
suffered for the last four years, a rochial
H. usurpation under which officers elect- her nex
st, ed by the people have been displaced, asentatic
,x. the government arbitrarily over- for evei
. thrown by Federal power, the Legis- I onenc
lature invaded and dispersed by bay- (and vi
uonets ins timne of profound peace. fifty vo
ed We hereby proclaim that it is our the sev
ire desire and fixed purpose, under lany be enti
U1 and evCery provocatioN, to have a FAI Ita tion:
and PEACEABLE election; but we
demand and insist that there shall be
ra- no violence or intimidation exercised
les, towards such of our colored fellow
doe- citizens as may wish to co-operate
with us for tihe redemption of the
tie State from misrule.
mod NO PUTTING HACK IN SLAVERY.
ns We fully recognize the binding ef
om feet of the three recent articles of
di- amendment to the Constitution of the
me United States, and accept the inme
y- as a final settlement of tihe contrn
versies that engendered civil war, In ci
rm* and we lpledge otselves to protect Intion
for every citizen in the exercise of the mittee
fs rights ac-quired and guaranteed by toehes
roit said amendments, whatever be It's said I
rite , race, color or previous conditionl assem
ited We advocate tihe fostering of the
est public schools for the benefit of all TH.
ci- the edncable children of the State,
ace- and that equal advantage be given to for tit
all children, colored as well as white. resoll
These are our solemn and irrevoca
orse ble pledges. These we intend to _____
ates carry out, and we demand that every Dis
at man shall place himself on record as
I as being existi
g in, Fon us OR AGAuNST US CARS
our on that issue. ed by
hope There cannot, nor will there be any ag
the half way ground. The vote must be of thm
Mteet Nicholls, Wilts and honesty, or Pack
feel ard, Antoine and rascality. Nay
anot
ranik Our friends in Vernon parish are
mast engaged at this time in getting ready
lead to poll the largest vote for the-De
and Sabine are in rivalry for the
II re- banner. /
than The Boston Post says: "The men
s ftst deputed to shape and inspire the
campaign work for Hayes and Wheel- -
er are well known, red-lhot perform
ersa , like Zaehl Chandler, Kemble Pat
terson, Clayton, Spencer, Packard,
Cattell and Cowen. The rogues are
trembling and quakling."
was W. A. Strong, Esq., candidate I
o for Secretary of State on our tick
, that et, was in town on Monday last.
If Wendell Phillips thinks hIe tas '
ft the inished up Siermoan, he should now
a our go into 8heridan. and
mestion me
upon PH(ENIX SALOON,
d the St. Denits Street, Nratchitoobhts, La. ath
tkt Wi. PA INE, Prepiuller. to
( I1HOICE Wines, Liquors and Cigars t
n Ithe lIe drinks and attentive bar tenders, 1
DANIEL PlAT', S IjftEB ,"'
ion
a Ir
"Revolving hl d o
COTTON GIN cOn"
PATENTEID JULY 15, 1873. ,
t'RICE REDUCED tain
TO *4 50 PER SAW. also
Sfeae
Sover
in'a
dho
It hie lee 61t o
e "J
r HIS GIN has beenIn lu e for the past M
IfTthree Wasons, and several recent im
provemoents bhae been added. It obvi.
s ates all friction at the ends of the cotton
r. box, prevents the roll from branda, and
gives LARGER YIELD OF LIT from
Sthe nsame amount of Seed than say other T
P. Oin in use. The Revolving Head light -
one the draft and caoes the Gan to run
a faster with lees driving power, thus do. a
ing a great deal more work within the o
Ssame time, while ecadmiisitlg steam or hos
animal power, than any other Gin. The
I seed being ginned very close, the length E
* of thestuple is nerased, predeing cot- or
ton on account of a greater market
value. This improved vi, iliven by
•, length of staple, with extra production
It of lint, added to inoreased amount of
work done, more than covers the oast
of the Gin in every 100 bales ginned.
;i Testiuonials sent by mail on application.
JOS. B. WOLFE & CO.,
n GENERAL AGENTS,
S59........CARONDaLET ST........5 A
NEW OBLEIAN, LA.
C. L. WALMSLBY, Agent,
SAugust 12 dlftBITOCEL,. LA.
MIALARIIAL IECIONS.S--tle inhablt.
tants of malarial districta, wko are
constantly breathing an imparo and
poisoned atmosphere are suhljeet to
lingering and malignant. and fatanl
diseases, Snel aasA.gue, Typhoid ['e
ver, and Yellow Fever and Asiatic
Cholera. In nimany s.tions of the
western countlry almost every one is
snhlject to chills andl fever. an ail
ilent most ditlicult to cure. The un
healthy effects of living in such r inqs.
static sectio nsare detroyed by the
free ulse of Dr. RIadeliffs Seven Sealis
or U(ohulen Wondor. This standard
remedy is ntequaled for the prevee.
tion and ctre of the class of disetsse
prevalent in low anid marshy lands,
Santd, being a purely vegetable pre.
parration can be used in any quanti.
.f ty without danger to the ,system.
August Im.
if Don't forget the Ward ,Masu
1m seeting on .Weduesday next.
Ae ttention Democrats and Con
le servatives.
i
te Resolh'ed, That a Pat ish Convention
ig of the Democratic-Conservative party
*- be called to assemble in this city, on
Thursday, deptenmber 14th., 176, for
id the purpo'e of nominating three mete.
a be.rs of the Legislature, and full Pa.
a rochial ticket for election in Novels.
et- her next: and that the basis of repre
'l, sentation be one delegate (and vote)
,r- for every fifty votes cast for John C.
s- Moncute, in 1874, and one delegate
Y (and vote) for every fractional part of
fifty votes so cast-under which lia
ltr the several wards of the pariah will
fll be entitled to the following represea
11i tation:
we Ward 2 3 Delegates.
be 3 2
led " 4 4 "
" 5 3 "
ate 6 4 "
the 7 2 "
S8 1 "
" ' 1 "
ef- " 10 5 "
of " 11 3 "
the " 12 7 "
ine
Iro- Total 35 Delegates.
ar, In conformity with the above Reso
tect lotion of the Central Executive Coen.
the mittee, the several Wards of Natebhi
b toches parish will elect delegatesto
his said parish Convention, which will
assemble at Natchitoehes, on
the
all THURSDAY, SEPT., 14th, 1876,
n t for the purposes set forth in tie above
ite. resolution. R. E. BURKE,
ca- Chairman, Central Es. Committee.
cnt- . W. TATt.ot, Secretary.
Dissolution of Co-partnerdlP
THE COMMERCIAL FIRM heretfo
existing nrmtr the uune and styes o
CARVER & TAYLOR is this d d iralv
ed by mutual consent M. II Calrnv5
assumes all the liabilities of the firm al
he alone is authorized to collect the debts
of the same.
M. H. CARVED,
RI. W. TAYLOB.
Natccht~elhe, La., July 28, 1876.
J.a LEWIS
1
For Sale.
UR the purpose of settling a suaee ' js
Stihe following described plantatlowi
are offered for am:le:
Be 1st. A certain plantation or tract o
land, sitnated in the parish of Red Biver
k- tate of Louisiana. on the right ba nk
Red river, deseenaing, oppO L ns
Baron, being in sections 2i, 24, 9i5a.d "
in t'ownship 14, Range t11, Weet,5ut :
ar ing -93 71i00 aeres.
u This plantation has now in cultivatlgV
and under good fence, about 300 N,
umore er lees, with valuable inpt *e
nents, conslating of a dwelling l u'
gin house, negro cabins, corn criMbs, a
1o". is d yi tinbsered, ad it subjct'
to overflow, and will be soeld, at prci
stie, on the foilowing terms:
Oae third cash; the balanee in one and -
era two year, with mortage and lve"ndor'.
privilege reserved, with interest ab the
f raLote ao per eat, on the credit purse -
of the price, from daa of sle.
Al. A certain tract of land or plants
tion situated in the parish of Grant,
of Louisiana, on the left bank of0
Ion Dien river, deulcmeemau ctin 'l
a grant of 040 acres of lae eenSL b
Congress to Lastan rR oiflw, .
aignee of Jofhn Baptiste li aveU
ed, Ltan 1 flndhUoem'e, :
States, ian Township 4 ,an
tanining, in the agglregte,
acres, more at fbe s -wS *
also, now In lt..vateio, tImd i
three or four hundred acres uum!5.. " -
fence; is finely wooded; not W "
overflow, and has all the neceI ry
ings and improvements thereosa + =-<.'
Terms of sale, the same as the
For information apply to the
sqed, 13 miles belo te tows .
ehltoehes, or to bis brother, SiIm +0.
dhomme, in the city of Natchiteeb '
F. A. PRUDNHOiW '
Agent and Att'y In Fact it the Mi
legal representatives of lat
me, decoeased.
Weekly Shreveport wm na.
Tetferquapwill insert the above A -
bill to this office.
1 July 2--3m. or tf.
MANFIEJLD FEHMLT.j
and
¶n IIHE EXERCISES of bb s
,they I will begin on, W__us W,11,
grta The faculty is Ihllcompetst ltd
run perienced. rouagdi.iesesshe
do- all the advteaa tur in ti .
a he of the b Nth West. Then
hornhtme institutions.
b ' _ Y o.. H
-M AFords rtlarp esae tbo Wit ._. ai
,.e study or Medicine sad SWrgefY3t *
Por to th ey. Pregat a ,.
the ibtu le lElsi wl begia I. sr •
sead *br Cirelar to
. w.us as us. T.O. gc Rli .