l c. INII III lI l IIt Iil l - -
A d ter l i' g oat l er . - - ."
y dltlnare:.. oI d l' , Ii I n ,, f--. .. . ..." ,- -----f
dll11. 1 .. ; 11 '1I IP)1)11 " 32II II11 ' " T W E L F A R Eon
,[ ,,.. .... ", .,, i 1 t  , OF TIlE PEOPLE 18 THE SUPREME LA V. I ii n jioli
.I All rtl e r a I u rtpi n li 4OL V1 1 k Io, 1 1t3u0 VM
• All a ho.'n leri s tIno. i thati ix.
)O - - -- - - - - -raA-.-e.
lrlk ,.i? .... . ...... 1. fl...i '..'~ '|. ....raoa~a~Icr NEI_.~R _l eu l Al iil UA "(I •|l I
Professional Cardis.
W l. H. JACK.
(ecce~eser to JACK & PII:.(ISN,
Attorney anvd Cjunselor at Law
NATCHITOCIHES, LA.
WILL pr.etice in the Courtq of Natchitoches,
deibne, DL`iot,, lied River, Winn, Rapides,
andt rant, and in the Inpreee Court of the
State. fhaeinm promptlv at teInedI to.
April S2 177.
W .1.1. LEVY. DANIEL c. -t tlila tt, l'lll.
LETA W4'ARBOROUeii,
ATTI 4.'1E rY . I1' .I II.f'
H AVIN.? amnoriated them1.1els w.'. pir ct ire
in the Paris.h a |nd J)itri't. the I;t h I ti
ri 'District, anild in the, pari.h.s o Winn, BTh autin4
Urmrat, opromle 'Ollnrt of Llluisi nia, I . l, i i
tr ct anid Cireuit 'rourts of L.nisi.:ieue .iand '. S.
i.mart of Claimn at Washlngte,,n.
Ofilce in thee Laeo.rote Ititiluiug
N'A'CHITOII'l('II:. ,.%.
Ang. 3, I.7$-ly.
J. I. A M.J.CUNNINfIH IA.
St. Denis Street, N:atchitlchll,. ,La.
W ILL give pronmpt citil pel,r .mal ;at
tftentionl to till luyuneel.. ctra~tel il,
their care
Practices in thlle Dtrict iil11 Pa:rish
Courts in the Parishes of Natchit.echer ,
Ned River, I)Detolnltl Sjaline. eali leifre
the Supreme Court ait 3le,,iroe ;ulll New
O)rlesns.,l '7;.ly
CluO.n. C. F. DIIAlct. 'I'. T'. 41.urILeI
C APLIN, DRA3l4UIET A CIlAPLIN
Attorneys at Lber,
NATCUIIITOtCIIES, LA.
PI)IACTICE in the District Courts oci
Natchitoches, Sabiue, DeSoto and
lbd River and in the Supremnie Court of
bhe Slate. March 2-ly.
J . 8. 1TCKERI
Attorne yand Coamsellor at Late,
I. Delki Street, - - Natchitcele, La.
lLL practice in tihe District tand Par
Sish Conrts of Natchitoches, Sabine
DaSolo and Redl iver, and the Supreme
Court of the State.
All busnwes entrusted to his care will
receive prompt attention. Apr I:-ly
Magistrate.
Oal N. TCIER,
Magistrate Ward 1.
S. Dels Street, : : NateAitoches, La.
P ROMPT attention given to all business
entrusted to his care.
IP" lanimn eollected at small cost.
Refers to the Bar Generally.
Jan 5 7S-ly
Business Cards.
J C. TRICHEL,
-DE-ALER IN
DRY GOODlS, GROC'ERIES, IHARD.
WARE, BOOYr and SHOES, IIATS,
ETC.
Highest eIah price paid for Cotton and
Country Produce.
WASHINGTON, nT.,
NATCHITOCLHES, LA.
eL . iUIiaE,
-dealer in
GROCERIE .
FoWt 1asai, Nlekitechsa, La.
i Ir. WALMSLET,
C(MlOSI PACTOIM
-ANoD-
1 C103155ll105 lOIN CIACI.
86 Imllde St., New Orleam, La.
Jm* IL-ly.
O(IA COPINI,
COTTON FACTOR,
C00MMIBSIOIN XlBRCOANT,
o. 7 CARONDELET STREET,
New Orleas, LaE
JeM L TILL,
GREG & FORD,
COTION FACTORS,
AND 0IRRML,
Conmision .Merciwhnts,
-3bMia- .
G01Om-M & WESTERN PRODUCE
9m, tl aen St levee,
.aUIPORT, L .A.
BrIm , wanm ,
COLLJ c TOR.
O a eI mr.esuted to him prouhp, y at.
S St,Deaie shteest,
NAUcrromS, LA.
-tibll to attead the waut of the
00es miles St of Natebi.
a'sp..
Miscellaneous.
THE GENUINE
DR. C.XcLANE'S
Celebrated American
:he. WORM SPECIFIC
ides,
the OR
VERMIFUGE.
SYMPTOMS OF WORMS.
T'iLfE countenance is pale and
en-colored, with occa:sional tluie.,
or a circumscribed spot on one or Lctii
checks; the eyes, be( ome dull; the
nd pupi!s dilate; n i at.ie s, ::icirt Ie
runs along the lower ekc-lid: th,.
nose is irritated, swells, .ind omnletiules
bleeds; a swelling of thi upe,,r hp;
occasional headache, i t:il hiluntning
or thro,hlin, of the Ce.rs an 'n!:u.,I
secretion of saliva; slimy or f!irred
tolngue ; breath very foul. particularly
in the morning; appetite variable.
Sometiimes voracious, with a gnawing
sen.t tion of the stomi. Ih, at ot0hers,
entirely gone fleecting pains in the
stlllomach occacsional nansea and vorll
itii"; violent pains throughout the
at. abdomen; bowels irrc;.ular, at times
I t ntivt'; :t ools sli v. In ot n'tilfleque' nt
ly tingedl with blloodu; hliv .s5 ollen
ish and ha:rd urine torlrid": ipiration
oN. Dc. tionally drifitilt, and acco'mpa.
r nit eT "d l hirough; ' ughl soml ttiles
tlw dr anid conviI"l'" u; uasy and di,
tiltche l sleep. with grinding of the
teetih ti(nllpe.r vari.;d,l, but generally
irrit 1h1., &c.
I \ \hene'it.r the above symptoms
are tiund to exist, p
[)I;. ". 11 LANiE'S VERMIFUGE
will certainly effect a cure.
ro r n ilES Nor (CONTAIN MERCURY 0
uid in any form; it is an innocent prepa
of ration, no/ cfrtte fdoin, /t sligktest T
istry 1o h, t"e most ,, rde,'r infant.
i' *li' genuine IPi. McLANE's VER- T
lII' l;t: btars the signatures of C.
.0,h'd..\tr and FLEMING BIRos. on the C
wrapp:r. -:o:-
DR. C. MIcLANE'S
it LIVER PILLS a
are not recommended as a remedy "for
ill all the ills that tleh is heir to," but in 31
y affections of the liver, and in all Bilious
Complaints, I)yspep<ia and Sick Head. Cl
R ache. or diseases of that character, they
stand without a rival.
AGUE AND FEVER.
Ti
No better cathartic can be used prepar.
atory to, or after taking Quinine. C(
As a simple purgative they are un
equaled. Pc
EWARE Ol I MITATI9Ng .
The genuine are never sugar coated. To
Each box has a red wax seal on the
lid, with the inmpression DR. McLANE'S Ti
LIVER PII.i .
Each wrapper bears the signatures of 113
C. McLANx and FI.ESING itkOs.
Insist upon having the genuine Dr. 1C
C. McLANE'S LIVER PILLS, prepared by
Fleming Bros., of Pittsburgh, Pa., the
Smarket being full of imitations of the Tr
name Melane, spelled differently but
s:ame pronunciation.
Lit
Pa
ha
ed
A lystery Solved.
ed
Channel of Disease Disco'ered, ter
and a Certain tCare Provi
ded. The Stomach, ha'
the
Lirer, and Bowels lat
the Centre of
Disease. ly
pal
P.aRSO'S PURGATIVE PILLS
The Great Anti.Billions Remedy and a
Misamatic Dissolver.
PARSON'S b
PURGATIVE PILL8
Are the result of long-continced Scien- S
title investigation, aundl are Warranted to
enre all dineasses originating in the
Stomach, Liver, and Bowels. No grip
ing pains follow the use of these Pills,
nles, the Bowels are inflamed; but Re- Mo
lief, Immediate Relie;f, may be relied UpC
upon. As a Common Family Physic bod
PAIIIO'S deI
PfRG A TIVE PILLsae
bee
Stand aneqealed before the world today. the
By varyinag the dose according to diree- a
tionm Parsons' Purgative Pills efeetually
Purif the Blood and 'greatly alleviate, ag
if not entirely cure Dyspepsia, Scrofula li
or King's Evil, Rose, Erysipelas or St. e
Anthony's Fire, Eruptions, and Eruptive nor
Diseases of the Skin, 8alt Rheum. Tet- (
ter, Ringworm, Sores, Boils, Tumors, Tn
Morbid Stwellings, Ulcerations, Pimples ra
and Blotches. obh
-- and
EVERY BOX WARRANTED. o t
pea
Most Complete SatIsfaction Guaranteed r
or No Pay. jail
Full direetions around each box.
Pbhysdicans supplied by mail, pst-pak,- _cld
for b0 per thousand, in _b&,eash in
advance. We will send these Pill, to
any reliable druggist or merchant to sell
on commission. Agents wanted every
where.
L JONsOIN I CO., € i
JoInes lly. 'Qua
The Elopement.
Their pa- From win
Rents said Dow ope
They must There hung
Not wed. A rope,
By which
Quoth he To slope.
"Let's fly
To par- Without
Sioi nigh.'' A soundl
llutih .he She reaIhucl
".y ! Aý, . The grolund
iHer lov
li. night l'r lnlnl.
' he I se, ll ,
'r'uk her They fled,
'IH'st ciit lheels, Vir e turnln .
W1hile l',,p Elnou^h said.
Did doze. -- l'ruk.
The I illage Mill.
Yes! slowly, slowly, round,
These giant wheels are turning,
TIhe village there its corn gets ground,
The iniller hand-toll earning;
In dark, in light,
Ity day, by night,
In winter s frost and sumnmer's burning.
And no the universal nmill
Forever goes a grindling,.
Where we are groundl. or will or till
itnt who the Wnill is mnindinding ?
Now swift, now slow!
Now weal, now woe!
Rut all the bolter somehow finding.
-[New York Observer.
A Sterling Old Poem. t
Who shall judge maan from his manner,
Who shall know him by his dress i
Paupers may be tit for Princes,
Princess lit for nothing else. t
Crumpled shirt and dirty jacket t
May beelothe the golden ore 1
Of the deepest thoughts and feelings
Satin, vest can do no more.
There are streams of crystal nectar
Ever flowing out of stone; it
There are purple beds and golden,
hidden, crushed and overthrown; t
God, who counts by souls, not dresses, to
Loves and prospers you and me, t4
While he values thrones the highest a
But as pebbles in the sea.
4 n
Man. upraised ab* his fellows,
Oft forgets his fellows then : it
Masters-rulers - lords, renmember U
That your meanest kinds are mIen
Men of labor, lumen of feeling, r
Men of thoughts. and men of finame,
Clainnhtig equal rights to sunshine b
In ia man's ennobling name. It
There are foamm-embroidered oceans.
There are little wood-clad rills; P
There are feeble inch-high saplings, h
There are cedars on thit hills. tE
God, who counts by souls, not stations, it
Loves and prospers you and mle;
For to Him all vague distinctions a
Are as pebbles in the sea. M
Toiling hands alone are builders tt
Of the nation's wealth and fame: B
Titled laziness is pensioned, p1
Fed andi fattened on the same; to
By the sweat of others' foreheads, I
Living only to rejoice, W
While tie poor mlan's outraged freedom tr
Vainly lifts its feeble voice. hi
Truth arid justice are eternal, n
Born with loveliness and light; 2
Secret wrongs shall never prosper gt
While there is a snnny right; hE
God, whose world-wide voice is singing o
Bonndless love to you and me, th
Links oppression, with its titles, 81
Bult as pebbles in thie sea. la
of
STATE ITEMSl
Jnarnsox: The Gretna Courier tk
informs the publie that the olffice of as
Pollce Juror in that pariah Is going Br
begglngr. The Union Oil Factory na
has resumed work. It was consum. fo
ed by tire about a month sionce. ic
BATroN ROUGe: The Advoeate re. be
ports the departure of 40 or 50 ne
groes forKansas. A large sprinklinog ra
of the number were women fromlel
about towno-a class that can be very ne
easielly spared. eo
IsnrvniLLE: The South reports a cie
dull criminal term of Court. The of
Grand Jury and all Jurors summon
ed for the term were disobared af- san
ter three day's service, and the dock. el
et was cleared. ho
All the crope of our parish that isa
bare had the good fortune to receive ha
the copious showers that have fallen thu
lately are in good condition and co'
promise well for the future. (
AscwsxIox: The Chief reports dal. Au
ly showers for more than a week isb
past. It demands the enforcement at
of striet sanitary regulations and bei
every effort to protect the perish mc
against a repetition of last year's Ma
epidemic.
TiraRmoNe: The Houma Courier cot
has the following: cot
The weather warm and rainy.
rops reported good.
Watermelons searce.
Hummer fights In order.
Mosquito. raging. Bof
Business very dull. he
Loafers coming in. a
CALctASIEu: The Gazettesays: Ls atn
Monday Justlee Ferren was called toi
upon to hold an Inquest upon the Pr
body f one Matthew OCarmadl y who I
died at the Bailroad Camp, near the bel
depot. It apears that some weeks lea
ago, deceuased was struck over the bre
head, with a earpeater's square. bet
the hands of D. C. Givena. The wo
pont of the square made ito way uni
ibrough the skull off deeased, leav. t
ingan ugly wound, about an inchb or
long, from the effects of which de. we
ceasiedl ease to his death. The coroe. al
ner'sjury rendered a verdict in ao. the
cordance with these facts, and on ty.
Tuesday morning GOlvens was ar- ped
raigntal before Justlee Ferren, on the
obhrge of asseaulit with intent to kill,
and placed under bonad, in the sum ..
of three hundred dollars, for his ap eb
pearance before the District Court. and
FR-aslm: The Bun Pays: Our fori
Jail now has a happy ocupantp , com. bee
monly known as MJ.De Graetenseld, the
col'd. The Masor in a ft of freany oa
or lnsanlty, took it Into his head to mk
ctlndoe soottir at one Speneer the
orbit, col'd, but as his gon was seel
loaded with uilrrel shot it did ot of a
prove fataL The Major, It _seems, qu
had conversed with his intenaded vie. ed
tim, after wbhich be made off a little p
ay, and qol les g that he a s at
'idum~aao a UmleImo~~
St'1,s Moi r ,:a tPt rr- l rl.. -tiiut rt
m latere I rn jt il until re Mll 'iv. at
hunt lin the myn1 of $175,00. Guess
we'll have to feed him free until Doe
e1Pr her.
LAFOUCHE: The Sentinel says:
The t,ayou L tfouch has fall.n so low
that (eat fish and flat boats alone con
ig descend to rest on its muddy bosom.
The rains during the last twelve
days have been of immense benefit I
to the growing crops, which had
been suffering for rain so long. It
., HI..., .t-- , , , :trctm e,lphere ma
,'h i iily.
11,1 The ,utnrjiliter lh:;,; g itf ,t'ttfn ',ppres
orl .iv'ly it a4;rd th ', ha;s te'! h lt.n t .
inghle nig2ht thit ttWl tfto wtarml to
nid. o)rv.',ent slept'I) a1n(l re.t. Under the t
intluence of ugh we-it her the sugar
I1, cano is improving rapidlyv.
wd. The Seintinel takes the tNew Or- s
;id. leans Item to task for its snarling V
k. on the report regarding the prevail
aice of lenroey made by the Senti.
nel in LafGucleo.
WEBSTER: The Tribune gives the
following: P
Last Monday morning the Natchi- e
toches and Minden mail sack was o
fl, found in the road, eight miles from
this place, about half a mile north of c
Mrs. Tharpe's. The leathern straps o
had been cut, and the valuables of it
"g' the sack, if it contained any, taken ti
out. The driver James MeCarty, ti
was missing; but the mule and sul- a
ky, which he used in carrying the k
mails, were found near the spot. The o
mule was yet hitched in the sulky. p
The driver passed Mrs. Tharpe's just a
before sunset Sunday afternoon, ca
since which time he has u:ot been
beard of.
Sheriff Collins visited the scene of w
the mystery Monday afternoon, and oi
reports that there had been seen no p;
stranger in the neighborhood, there A
were no evidences that there had
been a struggle or fight of resistance ct
to robbery, and no blood, or any- to
thing going to show that there had at
been murder as well as robbery. of
Y let it is not certain that there had vi
been a robbery, for no letters were a
opened. But it is probable that who
ever cut open the mail sack, had an
idea that valuable letters were being
forwarded, and took them, leaving cc
the other letters and papers undis- it
turbed. Postmaster Chaffe has writ- re
ten to Natchitoches to ascertain it
any money was in that mail. eo
MeCarty had been carrying the wl
mail only four or five weeks. ta
Six registered letters were taken; tel
it has since been learned; amounts fri
unknown. tal
ST. LANDRY: The Washington News pa
reports: A Frenchman by the name so
of Ernest Duvat, reached our Town ph
by lone of our New Orleans Packets th
last Friday. He visited several per- ac
sons in and around town in search tr<
of work among the nnmber was our
Parish Priest, Father Jouan, who ha
had nothing for him to do, but at- pre
tempted to find occupation for him; eta
in which he was usuccesesful. He an
was then advised to ascend the Beiuf, of
as that section of our country was ne
more in need of labor than any oth- or
Ier. He left here on the morning of ab
the following day and went up the abh
Baufa as far as Mr. E Dubuisson's tot
place, where he determined to return gri
to Washington. He hired a poney els
from a negro man, Phil Baker on by
which he was to make his return an
n trip. The negro was to accompany hoi
him on an other, in order to return ma
with the stranger's; when about 3 dir
miles from town, at about half-past dra
2 o'clock in the evening, and in the mc
public road, he was shot through the see
head and killed. The negro that hot
ig came along with him wishes to leave the
the impression that he committed ant
suicide. The Coroner's Jury brought mil
in a verdict "that he came to his bei
death by a ball fired from the hand car
of some unknown person." .,.
The District Attorney who was of
presentand managed the examoina- an
r tion for the State immediately made ho:
if an affidavit against the man Phil
g Baker and another back man, by the
y name of Doreey Turner, who were
forthwith taken in charge by the of- tll
fleers of the law to await their trial ofi.
,. before the District Court. oil,
We have had the long looked for
g rains at last. Every part of the par
a lsh has received more or less. Some ons
y neighborhoods are already crying, a
enough; Immediately in town our
· cisterns particularly, stand in need T
Sof it. -A
Washington presents the appear- bor
.ance, at present of one of those west- bat
ern towns we read about; where a foft
howling wilderness, in a few months, tim
t is changed into a thrirving town. The pen
e hammer, the saw, and the clang of or i
1 the trowel can be heard at every of I
I corner. C
CAI~o: The Times says: Mrs.
- Auguotin FPalgoust of Asension par not
his, died a ew days ago, leaving
Snialnety-nnloe grando dldren to mourn pd
I her demise. Caddo has a grand- p
Smother who will almost come up to ea
SMadame Falgoust. v
We are in receipt of the following s
rcommunication regarding the dis- the
covery of the cotton-worm: in a
WOsKOM STATION, TEuAs, olt
July, s31, 1878, tho
samuvnoar T Is: We have had tbh
fine rains over the country as far as e
heard from. Enough water in many end
places to put up the creek. There is
Sfine prospect for a good crop of cot.
I too where the stalk ha not eesed to
grow. cure
As to the notioe of cotton worms
Sbeing in this section, so faras we can ti
learn, Mr. Rudd was mistaken in the
breed. It is thought to be am eros m
between the eropand bermuda grassI
Sworm, an improved variety hiieto
r unknown I this country and may In
time prove more thrifty than the m
original. It has a peculrty of o
webbing up different from the orgi sll
nal, and asfaruas known therivers
the only possessor of this rare varle
ty. Steps will be taken to get up a
pedigree and to keep the breed Pure.
Gaosts nx Ta Couwr-Housu Soaau, BD
-Binse the historical nlght of the two
ohlona-tree performance of voo Jones of t
and Hill, In whleh both were so n- gla
fortunate as to lose their lives, it has or ft
been thought by the superstitious bodu
that their ghosts preambulate the and
courthouse sequatre at the hour of opei
midnight. Indeed we have heard in ti
that themse ghosts have really been of c
seen by passers-by at the dead boutr ham
of aigh and a cold shudder would bodj
IquLien their e to the hant. lost
d spot. On Friday nht one of our obll
popular barbersn wo r fond of hunt. lg
Ilug ad keepe several fie dogs for boat
tait rmpwas wenable to sleep, or m
Isdr thiditrauk bhim, as the pso but
t I.I lar' i.1 n1w ilnrierative, he would tako'
'iv' ni the tIf.r.*~,ai dot~ wit.hiu the squar.,
nUess and exAreise th.'m for the coning
I Do. week's hunt. He was enjoying the
fun hugely till be heard groans pro
lays: cOedinU from a shaded spot in close
low proximity to the spot where the fatal
con. performance referred to took place,
om. and a glance in that direction expos
relve ed to full view a white form moving
anefit to and fro. Our barber friend did
had not wait t. investigate the ghost,
It but went headlong through the fence
ma- "urrying two or three pannels with
tlim. The last heard of him was two
l're'- blocks off yelling for his rlog "Le"
Pha whom he had left to the mercy of
n to the ghii st. It is needless to say that
the the ghost proved to Ibe one of the
utgar deputy sleriffs, who being annoyed
in his slumbers ventured out in the
Or- square in his night-.shirit to find out
ling what the devil was the matter.
vall
)nti. Houshehold Economy.
the POTATO SALAD.-Chop cold boiled
potatoes very line; add enough mine. c
chi- ed raw onion to seaeson, and pour I
was over a good salad dressing. r
rom CATCHIs MOsQUTOES.--Nail a small v
h of cup, like the cover of a blacking.box .
laps on the end of a broom-stick and fill I
s of it with a small quantity of kerosene; U
ken then hold it under the mosquito on b
rty, the ceiling, or press it up quickly so d
sul- as to cover him, and the fumes of the a
the kerosene will cause him almost at it
The once to drop into the oil dead. This b
Iky. plan will save the disfigurement ti
just caused by killing the Insects on the n
on, ceiling, as it is generally done. ti
een To DESTROY LICE ON FowLS.--Grease n
the top of the head and under each a
e of wing with an ointment of mercurial n
and ointment, two parts; lard three ei
no parts; crude petroleum, one part. tl
oere Apply in half-melted state. ft
bad BRAN SALAD.-Strlng young beans, si
nce cut into small pieces, wash and cook N
ny- tender in salted water, drain well
had and add so much finely chopped
onion as liked, with pepper, salt and
bad vinegar. Serve when cold, and add
'ere a little olive oil or melted butter.
ao Farm Notes.
ing During the heat of the summer
ing commence work early and continue
lii- it late-but take a good, wholesome
rt- rest in the middle of the day.
I if Fresh manure produces but little N
effect when applied to crops, but n<
the when it is well rotted it then con- t.
tains much valuable soluble mat- U
n; ter absorbably by plants. In
nts fresh manure the most impor- Pt
tant constituent of its soluble Ni
iws portion is potash, and it contains but Ni
me small proportions of ammonia and
wn phosphoric acid. Rotten manure, on
as the contrary, yields to the solvent TI
er- action of water large amounts of nI- Di
ch trogen and phosphoric acid.
our The health and comfort of horses re
ho have of late years been greatly im.
at- proved by the better construction of .
i; stables. They are made more roomy D
le and lofty, and provided with means
uf, of thorough ventilation. In many bl
as new stables lofts are doneaway with, no
;h- or the floor of the loft is kept well tO
of above horses' heads, and ample we
he shafts are introduced to convey away
i's foul air. By perforated bricks and of
rn gratings under the mangers, and dri
ey elsewhere around the walls, and only
on by windows and ventilators, abund. coi
rn ance of pure air is secured for the lea
uy horses; while being introduced in 1
rn moderate amount, and from various of
3 directions, it comes in without an'
et draiug~t. Too much draught is al. the
he most an unknown stable luxury. To rei
be secure a constant supply of pure air, ai
at horses require more cubic space than no
ve they generally enjoy. Even when as
ad animals are stabled only at night, a bey
ht minimum of 1.200 cubic feet should tin
is be allowed. In England the newer
Iad cvalry barracks give a minimum of t
1,500 cubic feet, with a ground area o
as of fully ninety equare feet per horse;
a- and the best hunting and carriage
le horse-stables have more room. th
11 l eHome hecter. in
REJEw o FO0 A CouGW.-A friead r
Stolls us that a mixture of equal parts dia
lof J.amalca rum, honey and linseed e
oil, taken three times a day, aspoon- mo
ful each time, is a most excellent fro
medicine for a cough. In her own the
case. where the cough was brought oln
Son by an attack of pneumonia, she the
Swas entirely cared by its use. sha
d To PREPARE Ax IsVIooRATxo BarT, the
-A teaspoonful or more of powdered gal
r- borax thrown intothe bath-tub while 18
t. bathing will communicate a velvety ni
a foftness to the water, and atthe same
s, time invigorate and rest the bather; co
ae persons troubled with nervousness corl
>f or wakeful nights will find this kind pik
y of bath a great benefit. tIe
CaR or Tan EIT.- When the eyes in I
become inflamed from any cause, do fal
not rub them at all-such irritation of
is dangerous-but bathe them in te-. P
Spld milk and water: keep the bowels sibl
- open by some gentle medioie, and vie
eat little meat. T. eyes areoery tot
sensitive to the state of the stomach. did
Avoid the glare of strong light. of
ig Rlnivixo Cvaaan.-Inale through Thl
1 the nostrils a strong solution of salt tak
in water. I would advise as strong a li
solution as an ounce to the pit, pt
though some will tolerate more. In ft
this strength it is not painfutl, but dol
aset as a tonicO and astringent, re- res
lieving congestion, preventinghe sup
endosmose effect which would ao- the
company the use of pure water or has
t weaer solutions. But it Ls a mis. Wh
Stake to suppose that salt water will site
cure all cases of estarrh. When the bea
condition is one of chronlo congee of tl
tion immply, with aerld secretion, it ditdl
may beAueiclent; but in the worse and
forms, where there Is a deep-seated a F4
aInfiamatilon with ulcsration, more rshal
o porully stringent, as well as Itm Aga
a uht, andeeV escharotic soutlutions Cal
are reqeisite to effect a care. Some/ be,
l of the best of these are nitrate of will
Ssilver obhlorate and permaganate of he o
! potash, sulphate of oper, sulphate ne-d
Sd lpho-arbolate of sine etc. he
Shen te douche does not seem to on t
* succeed, the spray froman atemibng- Tild
tube should be submitted. buz
L B1aTwo.-Avoid bathing within mar
a two hours after meals, the advice Gra
a of the loyal Humane Society of Ean lar
Sgland, or when ethausted by fatigue tree
a or from any other caose, or when the stat
. body is cooling after perspiration, non
a and avoid bathig altogether in the hei
f open air, if after being a short time sett
I in time tin the water,there is a sense eleol
Sof hoblllaes, with numbness of the bees
r hands and feet, but bathe when the of
i body is warm provided no time is Den
- lost In geUtlngto the water. Avoid Dial
r obhlling the body by sttig or sad* Bealu
. lug undressed on the basak or l gardl
r boe, after havia been inthewater, ter,.
. or remainin too long in the water, I!
r but hmy, tho water i manlmiateay elJI
Id tak~e there i: the .-ligFhts1, recling et cliil
squar- lineiss. The rigorous and strong may t
ominig bthe early in thein morning on ant
ng the empty stomach, but the young and l
is pro- those who are weak had better bathe
I close two or three hours after a meal; the e
o fatal best time for such is from two to W
place, three hours after breakfast. Those
expos- who are subject to attacks of giddi
noving ness or faintness, and who suffer
ad did from palpitations and other sense of
ghost, discomfort at the heart, should not .F
fence bathe without first consulting their y
a with medical adviser.
Stwo" A HiT To SUFFEaERls FROM NE-.
Ry op ALoIA.--Heveral evenings since I ol
y that was attacked with a severe dental di
y tht neuralgia. After resorting to fric- at
i the tion, cold and hot applications, etc., ec
inohe uwithout obtaining any relief, I lay w
idout upon my bed trusting that sleep m
mtight come and give me respite.
Still the excrutiating pain continued, al
and while I was suffering the "tor. to
tures of the doubly damned," undo. at
cided whether to arouse some tired Ti
oiled druggist for a bottle of chloroform or
minc. chop my head off (with a decided
pour preference, however, for the chloro
orm) I suddenly bethought me of
small what I read of an anaesthetie which
.box we always carry with us. Thereupon
d 11ll I began to inflate my lungs to their eq
sene; utmoet capacity, and then forcibly th
to on blew out all the air I could. Imme.
fly so diately the pain began to lessen, and tw
f the after a few repetitions of the process, '
s _t at it had entirely cased being dlsplaced me
This by a delightful tickling sensation in an
ment the gums. and furthermore I know asi
n the not, for in less time than it takes to 1
tell it was sound asleep, awakening It
rease next morning delightfully refreshed exi
each and without a symptom of my all.- ho
urial ment left. Hence, you see, I was not for
three simply temporarily relieved, but en- roa
part tirely well again. I wish other suf
ferers would try this and report re- tru
eansk sults.-Letter to Louisville Medical lah
cook News.
well Go
pped Calomel relieves: "SLACK-DRAUGHT" "
and res.
add For sale by J.J. McCOOK & BRO. to
Prematreness n Polities.
inue [Washington Post.] wil
tome Our igniefatums contempnrary, the
little New York ton, has, up to date. an
but nounced itself to be in favor of for
cothe high office of President of the
nat- United States, Joel Parker, of New
In Jersey; Winfield S. Hancock, of
por- Pennsylvania; Horatio Seymour, of
uble New York; Sandford E. Church, of
ubut New York; John Kelly, of New
and York; Samuel J. Tilden, of New
. on York; John M.-Palmer, of Illinois;
vent Thomas Ewing of Chio, and David TI
Sfli- Davis, of Illinois unreservedly, and friel
John Sherman, of Ohio, with a re- the
rses reservation. It declares unalterable to a
im. opposition to the aspirations of U, best
n of $. Grant, of 1llinois, and William ter'
y Dorsheimer of New York. The St. pita
an Louis Post-bispatch, which resem- dia.
ay bles the Sun in many respects, an. Mr.
pth, nounces its Presidential reference ores
wellto be Thomas F. iayard, of Dela- the
ple ware, and ts antithis Allen , a,
way Thurman, of Ohio " muel J. Tilden, soel
and of New York, and Thomas A. Hen- that
and drictrs, of Indiana. tr c
ml We are pleased to see our beloved bone
contemporaries thus energetically men
the leading the fight. We are more than woui
I I gratified to witness such evidences quir
ous of enterprise on the part of the Sun, 1,.1
Lout and such elements of dogmatism in pros
al. the Post-Dispatch. It is true there smit
To really seems to exist no occaseion for terrl
air hurry in this matter of Predential that
at ominations, but then it may be just ed of
hen as well to have the brush thoroughly tuall
it a beatenin advance of the meeting
Auld time.
wer But we have one old mild reminder I
a o t imprerss upon the minds of our
a journalistic friends. It carries with
te;. It also some few gtans of advice. 1
ae I the Lun and the Post-Dispatch, in nomn
their characters of Presidential nom Is he
Iators, resurrecticnists and execu- late
tioners, are only acting as skirmishl-rt
end ere, the beautiful but as we may say, y
rts disjointed vagueness which c e it
ed rises their remarks and figurative like
on- movements wll receive no criticism elect
ent from us. But if this early start in bee
iwn the field of Presidential politice s ya
ght only the begninglgana ttemps on
she the part of these two journals to e
shape the policy of the two partlsles tion
a. the Demorayor especially, with re. this
red gard to their National candidates in thini
nile 1880, we must take more serioeus cog- part.
ety nizance of it. ond
me For the present, however, we will sea
er; content ourselves with advising our ust
eas contemporanles to bea trnle morex. his
ld plicit In their statements, and a lit- part
tie more reasonable and consistent
yes in formulating their groundwork of
do factsupon whaich to base expremiloas
io of preerence or dislike. This will
te- appl to either one of the twopoe.
els sibobjectsabove referred to,as a OfIn
id view. We do not partiolarly objeoset
ny tothe Sun having ten favorite an-when
oh. didates for the Presidenoy.everyone an A
of whom It prefers above all the rest, in gl
gh Thi ls but natural. But we must an ,
alt take some little exception to the way bala
g la inwbhi both the San and PostDi umpe
t, patab dispose of the clalms of those the l
Inof the alleged asptirants whom they prepa
but do not avor and also to some of the
re-easons whioh they give for their A
he support of the other. or instance,
o-the Bunoppoases Grant because he dollar
or has lready had two terms in the would
Is White House-a good reason--sand For saL
ill site down heavily upon Dorshelmer
he because he reeently made public use
s- of the words "The differenes of coo.
it dltlon, every day beomltng wider j
re and deeper lvs ample security, in
ed a Form ofJly r ation, which we 81n
re shall have to mlconsider as absurd, the as
m· Agl thean su ports Parker be. John
au ease hels i New Jerseys Kelly 30o0o
me because the people of New York cit favor <
of will vote forhim; Hancock, because r vel
of he has not bea mentioned in con ohur
ite neetion wlth the ome as much as
to. he deserves; Church, because he is
to on the New York Supreme bech; The
ig- Tilden, beaus he ass dissolved his ness,
buresa of Nincompoops and Sher- at'
nt man, becau e is a saer man than
Ie Grant. The Post-Dispatchb, lia elm It ne
L·- liar tashion, rules Thurman of the vetera
us track because he Hves I the same whet
be state with Gen. Thomas Ewin;e prc o . t
n, nounees against Hendrioks Icase l
he he is not sure of carrylg Masasehu. takini
psete; opos Tilden becau he wa or ter
e ele5ted 176, and supports Bay sed a ba
be because he reprents every feare~
be of National pliy to w the six i
is Demoratlo West where the and ti
d Dispateh holdsforth, santagolnistl imes
1 Beasons of bthis ort we eamnota reapt
i ard as ulemat I weightr tieoi
ar In eonlusm, we desire to dis- l
i olaim any Intention of disounragig
h utir eiistingtsished contemIorr;aIle; il
gmay their praiseworthy eff)rts to say ~ind
1 and' (do something politically enterpris)
bathe ing. We respect, we admirn this
; the energy. We only wish their motives
wo to were more sincere.
Those
giddi. General News.
suffer
0 of The drought experienced here ex.
Id not endd over the whole country East.
their VirgRina complained greatly of des
trdved crops.
Nsz- The Inadians under Sitting Bull are
ice I on the war path again. Sixteen hun.
luentra ded lodges have crossed the line
fric. and Gen. Miles at last accounts was
, etc., confronting a large force of them,
I lay with whom he expected an engage.
sleep ment.
spire. The fever spread in Memphis is
nued, alarming. Every effort is being made
"tor- to ktep out persons unacllmated,
un. and to force those in the city to leave.
tired The New Orleans panic has begun.
cided - **
dloro. All Eqiual.
no of ]New York Sun.]
upon In this country all men stand
their equal-Jews and Christiane-before
cibly the law.
nme. There can be no distinction be.
,and tween the two.
cess, A man's religious belief le solely a
lacea matter between him and his Maker,
on in and his fellow man has no right to
snow assume any authority over It.
es to The Jews need feel no uneasiness.
ning It Mr. Austin Corbin undertakes to
hed exclude Jews from his railroad and
ail. hotel, it is safe to conclude that be.
Snot fore long he will have neither rail
t en. road nor hotel to exclude them from.
Ssuf. We believe that no man can be a
rt re. true Christian who believes in pun
dIeal ishing Jews for their religious belief.
How many of th6 chosen people of
God have been Jews !
NT+, The whole genius of our American
Institutions is opposed to the tyran
nical exolusion Mr. Corbin attemps
t0. to set up.
The people will aot forget ean.'
Grant's anti-Jew order when he was
commending our Western army. Nor
will they forget his connection
through the marriage of his beauti
the ful and accomplished sister, with the
frCorbin family.
the A man might as well oppose NI
ap or the Mississippi or the Hud
o ga brae, him.. against the
of
or --------_
oew Which the Big Bat,
ew
ols; [Washington Post.]
avid There a Is dispute between the
and friends of Mr. Charles Foster and
re- the Hon J. G. Bllane respectively, as
ible to which of those gentlemen has the
U, best military record. As Mr. Fos
lm tr's substitute was kept in the hos.
St. pital nearly all the time by ohronlo
em- diarrcen, and gotno promotion, while
an- Mr. Blane's substute got to be
nee brevet sergeant of a rovost guard,
sla- the friends of Mr. Blane confidently
0, assert that his reord is much more
len, sintililant and corrusoting than
en- that of Mr. Foster. As this is a mat
ter of great delicacy, involving the
red honor of two distinguished pblic
1ly men, we sur5est that Mr. Ha
Ian would do well to order a court of in.
oes quire. We eannot tell what glory
mn, M. Foster might have achieved, by
in proxy, i his substitute had not been
ere smitten and prostrated with tbat
for terrible malady. We are not sure
Jal that intentions thus cruelly thwart
st ed oughtnotto count as deeds c
gly tually done.
Ing
er Hayes Standlng In His Party.
ith [New York Sun.]
SIf Mr. Hayes was fit man to
, l nomlated for President n 1876, why
0* i he not a it man to be re-nomin.
ou* nasted in 180 If the Republlsn
pnr* t abould re-nominated Mr.
H5.s-he would not deoline. Indeed, "
It e w uell nderstood that he woel
Ive like to be "vlndicated" by an actual
"a election. But this will never occur
in because the whole Republlican nar.
oty know that he is ideliblsI nodl
on the assumptionof the h st f. :
to llei the country without an ele.
n the people. Were It not for
ti Itl would belthe most natural
in thing in the world or the Republican
g- party to nominate Bayes for aeea
ond term. The facot that no one
11 seaks of doing it, is the most aoa
erlucie proof of the univermlty of
n his coaemnation even nla bhis own
it- party.
Int ______
as The Admlnstratiemn andthe Crops.
II [Brooklyn Easgle.]
i Of Mr. 8herman's fancdal talk it
t i enourghb at present to say that,
a* when it . shown that the Republic'
me an Admilistration was instrumental
t invlng this. cuntry Iarle cros
rt bade ones, so that the
by balance of trade was turned toan
. umparalleled degree in our haer,
se theclaim to oredit will enase lobe
ey preposterous.
he
ir A man dial of liver complaint! One
Sdollar's worth of "SLACK* DRAIMTJt"
s would have saved hialikfeT. .'L
Id For sale by .J.J. McCOOK & BRO.
- a Hurmean Ont~eroplam
r St. Louis Globe-Democrat.] ,
re lnoe Mr. Hayes went up awonag
. the anels mnd met Zasob Ohandler;
. John Aa. Lega, hiatt Carpemtertad
, RoscoCo nlie hehs groiwn lnt e
j favorof the people. oe had aeen
.. irovellngi toe earth with OktrthU,
. Iohura and Evarts.
.s
The following oure for druhnken.
ness, whichlb we publhed some Utme
SIt never fails to cure the mose I:s
veterate mue:
Let the Inebrliate-it matem , aot
Swhether he is just gettlg oL is b
Sginning or on a "spree," b by
- taking every two hours oned .
ssor ful of elnoaona (Persv.
g od ,.This ,,willmk, ie b
ood. ecan inoresum th dost
e six drachms wilthout 'a d~ate ,
and take it a that wroportln t, tr
Stimes a dno Ispoll h-ip
i~n tle.. Ina io proper.
ctie of luohon to tell and
he loses not only fte tess lot the
tinture, but also for everythbgin
the wayoetalc ooLt