gI op 3O10ator. ler g .lra Vindltor.
- -- - - " A real live Democratic p,:per. Tl'hi tool
Adrertising Rates. of no chque or rin. Free usul outspoken
S * S1 0 o J. H. COSCROVE
uar.' 4 14 . Editor &: P1rotrietor.
quar. noo o oun i o n : n , Published Every SATHRD.AY 2T03niug
9s 21)Oil 2 o 32 10 41 00 45 0
Se.. 27 0 36" 'i 5000 70 THE WELFARE OF THE PEOPLE iS THE SUPREME LAW. nl .
7 eg0ire#oo '...
_. _, • - -- - One COlY six mionthl ... .. ....)
-g q. a"re .) 0 5O100 57 ,o0 5 ).... Official Organ of the White Citizens of Red River, Sabine, Winn and atchitoches Parishes.nb
1 q .reS-"" 400. 60 0 ' 7i, 10 ; )0 10 25 fl o thSnbs5rilo i ol. tkll S' oh·( hil l Pn:Q! e i\
c9j;oteroteiri'ie eh LL~ 3.5 I.4r N(1 1 81t *~f - m io tli are tranIiVnt n-d li I- - 1_ ltijl Yn 1l
10 et r . 1J..VOL. IV. NATCHITOCHES, LA., M7Y 18, 1878. NO.35 .,o
i, - "," n u n m i,,. in nu m u n i n i n i n ii
Professional Cards.
4, J. CU4'7NIVx'G Ii41l.1,
t -
ATTORiNEF AT L.I W.
St. Denis Street, Natchitoches, La.
jI ILL practice in the Courts of Natchitoches.
V1 Sabine, DeSoto and Red River and in the
Supreme Court of the State.
WV2-. 1I. ,0ok.,
(Successor to JACK .& PIEiSON)
Attorney and (Cotnselor at Law
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
gTfLLpractice in the Courts of Natchitoches,
V Sabine, DeSoto. Red River, Winn, Rapides,
tnd Orant,ad in the Supremu Court of the
State. Claim promptly attended to.
April2 I7.
VtVMn M. Lo.evv.
ATTORNEY AT L:I W.
(HU lesamed the Practice of his Profession.)
(TILL practice ii" the Parish and District
1y Courts of Natchitches and Red River
Supreme Court of Louisiana. United States Dis.
trctsald Circuit Court ot Louisiana and U. S.
ourt of Claims at Washington.
r Office in the Lacoste Builling (U1p
Stairs.) e4t
NATC HiI'TOCIIES, LA.
May 26, i'""
j H. CUNNINGHIIAM.
ftorury j& ounettllor at -a',
St. Denis Street,
Natchitoche., : : : ": Ia.
W TILL give proimpt anu peirsottal at
V tention to all Ins1,1 s entrusted to
his care
Practices in tih I)istrict and Parish
Courts in the Parishes of Natchitoches,
Red River, I)eSoto and Sabine, and before
the Supreme Court at Monroe andl New
Orleans. ,JanI 5 '-ly.
JOILr BI. IMOBERTSOV',
(Late of New Orleans,)
ITrORIEY & COUNSELOR AT LAW
COUSHATTA,
RED RIVER PARISH, LOU1SIINIVJ.
Will practice in Conshatta, Natchito
ches, Manitieid, Many, and in every part
otNorth-west Louisiana. Special atten
tion given to Land cases and Successions.
June 9th, 1877-tf.
C. CrLu'u. C. F. DRANGUET. T. P. CHAPLIN
CAIPLIN, DRANGUET & CHAPLIN,
Attorneys at Lanw,
NA'TCHITOCHES, LA.
RACTICE in the District Courts of
P Natchitoches, Sabine, DeSoto and
Red River and in the Supreme Court of
the State. March 2-ly.
'DO.L. C. SCJRBOORO CGH,
ATTORNEY IN FACT.
W ILL practice in the District and
Parish Courts of Natchitoches,
Winn, Sabine and Grant.
All business intrusted to his care will
receive prompt attention.
Office with W. H. Jack Esq., Second
Street, Corner 'T'rudeaux, Natchitoches,
La. Dec. b-.ly.
J. . B. TUCKER,
Attorney and Counsellor at La;w,i
OF'FICE
St. Denis Street, - - Natchitoche's, La.
WILL practice in the District and Par
ish Courts of Natchitoches, Sabine
DaSoto and Red River, and tho Supreme
Court of the State.
All business entrusted to his care will
reeive prompt attention. Apr 13-ly
Business Cards.
J. C. Triohel,
-DEALER IN-
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD
WARE, BOOTS and SHOES, HATS,
ETC.
Highest caah price paid for Cotton and
Country Produce.
WASHINGTON, ST.,
NATCHITOCRES, LA.
C. A. BULLARD- N. H. CAMPBELL
Bullard & Campbell,
-DRALKR8 IN
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIUS,
- HARDWARE,
And General Merchandise.
Corner FRo.T & LAPATRITr Street,
Natchitoches, LA.
gM3ST eash price paid for cotton aad
%' Msthy produce in cah or merchandise.
ltreA 23 -IF.
SWALML*Y. R. N, WALMSLIT
C. L. WALMSLEY & CO,
S fTOR PACTORS
--AUD-
SEIRUlli COIS1ON IIEBCHANTS.
P u t., New Orleans, La.
Omoar Chopizin
COTTON FACTOR
SOUUI880IN MERCHANT,
No. 45 CARONDELET ST.,
Jal I-1 Npw Orleans.
S oeaoaxnau
~- PIOU? Sma?
Miscellaneous.
Is the most genial balsam ever used by
sufferers from pulmonary diseases.
It is composed of herbal products, which
have a specific effect on the throat and
lungs ; detaches from the air cells all ir
ritating matter; causes it to be expecto
rated, and at once checks the inflammation
which produces the cough. A single doseo
relieves the most distressing paroxysm,
soothes nervousness, and enables the suf
ferer to enjoy quiet rest at night. Being a
pleasant cordial, it tones the weak stom
ach, and is specially recommended for
children.
What others say about
4Tutt's Expectorant.
Had Asthma Thirty Years.
"I have had A',AlA&WR9%fj Wil ot$fa
a medicine that had such a hapev effect."
W. F. HOGAN, Charles St.
A Child's Idea of Merit.
NEW RLEANs, November li, 1876.
"Tutt'sExpectorant is %familiar name in my house.
My wife thinks it the best medicine in the world,
and the children say it is 'nicer than molasses
candy."' NOAH WOODWARD, 101 N. Poydras St.
"Six, and all Croupy."
I am the mother of six children ; all o tlem have
been croupy. Without Tutt's Expectorant, I don't
think they could have survived some of the attacks.
It is a mother's blesing."
MARY STEVENS, Frankfort, Ky.
A Doctor's Advice.
4 In my practice, I advise all families to keep Tutt's
Expectorant, in sudden emergencies, for coughs,
croup, diphtheria, etc."
T. P. ELLIS, M.D., Newark, N. J.
Bold by all druggists. Price $1.00. Office
35 Murray Street, New York.
"THE TREE IS iKNIW BY ITS FRUIT."
4" Tutt's Pills are worth their weight in gold."
REV. 1. R. SIMPSON, Louisville, Ky.
"Tutt's Pills are a slciblessing of the nine
teenthcentury."-REV. F. R. OSGOOD, New York.
"I have used Tutt's i sor torpor of the liver.
They are superior to any medicine for biliary dis
orders ever made."
I. P. CARR, Attorne t Law, Augusta, Ga.
"I have used Tutt's aTs ve years in my family.
They are unequaled for costiveness and biliousness.'
F. R. WILSON Georgetown, Texas.
"I have used Tltt's a ~ -e with great benefit."
W. W. MANN Editor Mobile Register.
"We sell fifty boxes utts Pills to five of all
others."--SAYRE CO Cartersville, OGa.
"Tutt's Pills have o to be tried to establish
their merits. They work like magic."
W. I. BGARRON, 96Summer St., Boston.
"There is no medicine so well adapted to the cure
of bilious disorders as Tutt's Pills."
JOS. BRUMMEL, Richmond, Virginis.
AND A T h D MORE.
Bold by druiggtsts. * cents a boa. Oýles
83 Murray Street, Neow York.
TUTT'S HAIR DYE
ZNDO!WW.
HIGH TESTIMONY.
FROM THE PACIFIC JOURNAL.
"A ORIAIT INVENTION
has been nade by I. TUTT. o' ew York,
which restores vouthfil beauty to the hair.
That eminent ihemist has succeeded in
producing a hair Dye which imitates
nature to perfection. Old bachelors may
now rejoice."
PrLee $1.00. Office 35 Murray St.s
New York. Bold by all druggihts.
p -- - - - - -
A lystery Solved.
The Grenlest Medical Triumph of
Modern Times! T 'e M1ysterious
Chatnntel of Disease DIiscoered,
and a Certain Cure Prori.
ded. 7The Stomach,
Liver, and Bowrels
the C(enItre of
D)isease.
PARSO\'S PURGATIE I111,S,
The Great Anti.Billious Remedy and
Mliasmatic Dissolver.
PARSON'S
PURGATIVE PILLS
Are the result of long-continred Scien
tific investigation, and are Warranted to
cure all diseases originatilg in the
Stomach, Liver, and Bowels. No grip
ing pains follow the use of these Pills,
unless the Bowels are inflamed; but Re
lief, Immediate Relief, may be relied
upon. As a Common Family Physic
PARSON'S
pURGATIVE PILLS
Stand unequaled before the world to-day.
By varying the dose according to direc
tions, Parsons' Purgative Pills effectually
Putify the Blood and greatly alleviate,
if not entirely cure Dyspepsia, Scrofula
or King's Evil, RHose. Erysipelas or St.
Anthony's Fire, Eruptions, and Eruptive
Diseases of the Skin, Salt Rheam. Tet
ter, Ringworm. Sores, Boils, Tumors,
Morbid Swellings, Ulcerations, Pimples
and Blotches.
EVERY BOX WARRANTED.
Most Complete Satisfaction Guaranteed
or No Pay.
Full directions around each box.
Physicians supplied by mail, post-paid,
for $2 50 per thousand, in bulk, cash in
advance. We will send these Pills to
any reliable druggist or merchant to sell
en commission. Agents wanted every
where.
I.8. JOHNSON & CO.,
BANI0I, IlllB, Propritora.
Jae 23-ly
The Candidate. ti
"Father, who travels the road so late f" '
"Hllush, my child, 'tis the candidate ;
Fit example of human woes-
Farly he comes and late he goes, rv
He greets the woman with courtly grace ,
Hie kisses the baby's dirty face.
lie call to the fence the fairmer at work,
ihe bore.s the merchant, hebores the clerk,
The blacksmith, while his anvil rings,
He greets, and this is the song he sings: S
ti
"lHowdy, how,ly. howdy-do ?
low is your wife, and how are you i
Ah ! it tits my list as no other can, if
The horny hand of the working man." fi
"Husband, who is that man at the gate ' F
"Flush, my love, 'tis the candidate." o
"Husband, why can't he work like you ?
ains he nothing at home to do i
o casi at loneO, no credit inu towu,
r'oo stupid to preach and too proud to beg,
I'oo timid to rob and too lazy to dig, J
I'henr over his hlors his leg he flings n
tlud to the dear people this song he sings:
"llowd\y, howdy, howdy-do '?
lHow is your wife, aind how are you ? b
Ah ! it fits my fist as no other can,
'l'The horny hand of the working man."
Ti
Brothers, who labor early and late, ft
sk these things of the candidate:
What's his record i How does he stand
At home ; no matter about his hand, Y
be it hard or soft, so it he not prone o
I'o chlos, over money not his own.
ilIs he in view no thieving plan "
Is he honest and capablet-he is our nman. A
,hbeer such an or. e till the welkin rings,
loin in the chorus when thus he sings :
"llowdy, howdy, howdy-do ?
How is your wife, and how are you ?
Ahi! it fits my fist as no other can, t
The horny hand of the working man."
MOTHER'S WAY. tl
Oft within our little cottage,
As the shadows gently fall
While the sunlight touches softly "
One sweet face upon the wall, s
Do we gather close together,
And in hushed and tender tone,
Ask each other's full forgiveness F
For the wrong that each has done. u
Should you wonder why this custom
At the ending of the day, b
Eye and voice would quickly answer, p
"It was once our mother's way!"
If our home be bright and sherry,
If it hold a welcome true,
Opening wide its door of greeting P
To the many-not the few; w
If we share our father's bounty
With the needy day by day,
It is because our hearts remember
This was ever mother's way.
Sometimes when our hearts grow weary
Or our task seems very long, tt
When our burdens look too heavy, ol
And we deem the right all wrong,
Then we gain a new, ?resh comuage,
As we rise to proudly say, It
"Let us do our duty bravely, L
This was our dear mother's way."
Thus we keep her memory precious,
While we never cease to pray,
That at last when lengthning shadows
Mark the evening of life's day,
They may find us waiting calmly a
To go home our mother's way. a
p
GONE TO GLORY VIA THE o
SCAFFOLD.
W. PORTER BROWN MEETS HIS
DOOM. ,
S3ABINE VINDICATES LAW. e
(Special to the VINDICATO ) a
MANY, SABINE PARISH,
May 10, 1878. 0
The day for the execution of Porter T
Brown, convicted of the murder of e
Dr. H. VW. Evans, opened in all the
beauties of a May day in the balmy e
South. Nature, it seemed, puton her t
holiday garb to witness the vindica- i
tion of thie law's majesty upon the
person of Brown for as foul and cold '
blooded crime as ever shocked honor
able people.
ON FRIDAY MORNING I
the scaffold was already erected and t
in readiness, while vast crowds of I
men, women and children from every
direction, white and colored, were as- a
sembled, as early as 9 a. m., to wit.
ness the awful sight.
This being the first execution evera
occurring in the parish of Sabine,
large numbers were attracted from re
mote distances. They camne in wag-a
ons, on horseback, and hundreds(
trudged miles on foot to gratify a]
morbid curiosity-shall we not say to
satsify the cravings of thie baseness of I
hluman character, to see a fellow hu
man's life taken for the shedding of I
human blood.
SheriffLout, a cool, efficient and
intelhlgentoflicer, had taken every
precaution to preserve order, having
summoned and organized a guard as
cool and collected as himself. The
Sheriff went about his business with a
steady nerve, and exhibited in his
manner and bearing the officer, who
feels he has a disagreeable duty to
perform, but will do it because it Is
his duty.
From 9 a. m., to the hour of his
execution, Brown was attended by
thle Rev. Father Aubrie, of the
Catholic Church, who administered
religious consolation and prepared
the soul of the doonled man to meet
it's God. Brown's little brother,
eleven years old, was also present in
the jail with him during these long
and awful hours, and the little fellow
apparetd greatly aFected.
AT AN EARLY HOUR le
Sheriff Lout asked the prisoner at cl
- what time he wished for the execu- lo
tion, as by law he was forcei to per- E
form this disagreeable duty ietween fe
10 a. m., and 2 p. m., to which Brown d(
replied: "Bring it on as soon as you
e can. Let it be over with." ca
THIE EXECUTION. 0l
A few minutes before 12 o'clock m., w
Sheriff Lout led forth to the scaffold,. ec
the doomed man surrounded by a a
t strong guard who kept back the surg- al
ing crowd. Brown walked with a a!
" firm step and betrayed no emotion. ai
Farther Anbrie supported him on ft
one side, while the Sheriff, with li+
chief deputy, Bailey Lout osed to
. " ... .. u.. o. u, other.
Mounting the scaffold with ahn n
' daunted air, the prisoner gazed down
upon the vast sea of faces, upon the
green trees and verdure clothed fields, V
up at the blue vault of heaven, all 11
bathed in the bright sunlight of South- ci
ern noon. It seemed his gaze was o
rivited on these scenes lingeringly, p
for he at last realized, that hope was P
d dead. and that be must now meet that o
Maker whose laws lie had violently d
outraged.
At this impressive moment Father b
1. Aubrie uttered a feeling prayer after p
9 which Sheriff Lout read
TIHE DEATH WARRANT
and asked the prisoner if he had any
thing to say, to say it then.
THE ADDRESS.
Brown raised his head, stepped to V
the front of the scaffold and said :
"Gentlemen, I have been fairly
tried and condemned. I hope you
will forgive a dying man. I put my
soul in the trust of my God."
Brown then knelt and prAyed, tl
Farther Aubrie, placing his hand g
upon him with eyes raised to heaven t
brought strongly to mind the faithful tl
priest at the last moment, of Louis e
XVI.
Brown was dressed neatly, in white
pants and vest and black coat. He
was calm at this moment but very
pale. . n
TIHE NOOSE Ii
was then adjusted and those in at
tendance shook hands with the pris- p
oner, he bidding them farewell in a E
firm voice. The cap was drawn over %
his face and at 12 m.; precisely sheriff d
Lout cut the rope, the drop fell, and g
with a dull thud Brown f(
SWUNG INTO ETERNITY.
' The fall was six feet, and death e
almost instantaneous. After hanging it
a few moments Dr&. Curtis and Cade
pronounced him dead, and at 12 d
E o'clock 15 minutes p. m., the body E
was cut down and enclosed, in a neat e
BLACK COFFIN,
conveyed to the Catholic Cemetery, i
followed by a large crowd, where it a
received interment.
During the preleminaries of the g
* execution and the burial, the crowd
behaved with the utmost decorum c
and order. Not a word was uttered
an awful stillness seemed to have n
overcome all animate life, and the d
r vast multitude was fearfully impress
f ed with the horrible sight.
e William Porter Brown thus suffer- b
y ed the law's severest punishment for b
r the murder, in cold blood of Dr. H. s
.- W. Evans, on the 14th of March, 1877.
me The day before his execution he
Id made the following
r- V OLUNTARY STATEMENT.
"I was born 8th of August, 1855, in e
East Feliciana parish, Louisiana, on c
id the Clinton and Port Hudson Railroad.
of Ben Goodloe came to my father's
ry house in company with Mr. Beavers, a
5- and persuaded me to go with him to t
t Mr. Abram Roberts; Goodloe thought
Dr. Evans was there, but on arriving t
er at Mr. Roberts' found that Evans was
e, at Dr. W. R. Curtis'. We spent the I
e- night at Mr. Roberts', saying nothing
g- as to our intentions. I promised I
ds Goodloe to accompany him with
a Evans only to the Sabine river, the
to object being to arrest Evans and take
of him to Sabine Town, Texas, for trial
n- for bigamy. Goodloe told me that
of Evans had two or three wives, and
that his real name was Sidoey Cook.
ad On entering the Sabine bottom, I was
ry a little behind Goodloe, when he
og (Goodloe) shot Evans in the, back,
as who immediately fell to the ground.
le Evans started to rise, when GooIloe
la called to me to shoot him, which I
is did, the load ofbuck-shot taking ef
ho feet io the face. Goodloe tried every
to way in the world to get me to help
is him drag Evans out into the woods,
but I refused, Goodloe then took him
tie by the feet, and dragged the body
by himself some ffty yardsfrom the road.
ie Goodloe showed me a five dollar bill,
ed which he said he took from Evans.
ed The hat I had when arrested was
et Evans's, but was taken out of Good
er, Ioe's saddle bags; also, all articles
in belonging to Evans, which were foun'd
g on me. It occurred in this way
sw Goodloe had left me, sad in ~olo off,
,had ard aw essandI
left his in their place with me. I dis
claim and deny taking any thing be
longing to Evans. After killing
Evans, we struck out for Edrington's
ferry, crossed the river thereand rode riH
down to Sabine Town. go
I could die satisfied if Goodloe was Pr
caught, or if I could see him and know he
that be, too, was to pay the penalty dig
which I am about to pay. I acknowl- ra
edge I helped kill Dr. Evans, and I ti
say it is right that I should die for it; qi
and I want Goodloe to suffc the same I
as myself. I fired the second shot, sa
and I am willing to suffer for it. I a
feel that I have made peace with my sh
..... o no ear or aeamn. ur
Goodloe is in Stephenson county, Tex. so
NEWS GLEANINGS. li
sl
The Flouring Mill Explosion. al
The shock of the explosion at the le
Washburn Mill in Minneapolis on the
night of May 3d was plainly felt at
St. Paul and tIle flames were seen, Ti
creating intense excitement through- ao
8 out the city. Pieces of charred roof, m
paper, small timbers and cinders were
g picked up having been wafted here, TI
nine miles distant, by the wind. News
of the disaster was received imme
V diately by telegraph, and fire engines CO
were made ready to send to the scene, th
r but inability to secure transportation ne
prevented their arrival in Minneapo- be
lis in time to be of use. There were W
no trains to that point after the news an
was received, but hundreds of people of
went up by road, the livery-stables H
being emptied in an hour.
The dead will probably be confined
to the fourteen mentioned as in the Fi
Washburn Mill. mW
The flouring mills which were de- na
stroyed were the heaviest concerns in w)
the State. Chief among them were BI
the two Washburn mills, the property an
of ex-Governor C. C. Washburn, of th
Wisconsin, of which the one in which ila
the explosion occurred was the lar- ag
1 gest flouring mill in the country and on
the largest but one in the world. It w
was built in 1870. In addition to it
I these mills there were numerous oth- co
er buildings destroyed by fire, in- 0
cluding a large elevator and planu- p
ing mill. vC
The Mysterious Cimbria.
It is understood that the British te
Minister has information that the
mission of the " Cimbria, now ly- in
ing off Ellsworth, Me., with Russian th
officers and men on board, is a peace pr
ful one and has nothing to do with a Fl
probable war between Rusisa and th
England. The Russian Minister, ro
r who has just returned to Washington, o
r declines to communicate any infor- o
mation regarding :the vesel, on the tit
ground that it would not be proper ca
for him to communicate anything ex- ti(
cept through the proper channels to b5
which he is accredited. It is quite no
b evident however, that Baron Shishk in
S in is aware that the vessel has no th
B warlike mission. Members of the
a Diplomatic Corps very generally
decline to talk about the situation in
7 Europe, but so far as they are inform- TI
t ed, do not regard war as very prob
able, though admitting that the cable
telegrams are so much later than the
, mail advices as to change the latter fo
t almost daily. The better impression
seenms to be that Russia williexhaust lie
the last reasonable chance for peace- ed
ful solution before precipitating war. in
SThe State Department has not re- ri
u ceived any information in reference to
the fighting out of Russian privateers di
in this country. No official commu- t
e nications have been received at the 0
e department concerning the Cimbria. t
In conversation with a World cor- to
respondent to-day Assistant Secretary w
Seward said : "It is pretty generally t
Sknown, I think, that ever since trou- e
ir ble began between Turkey and Rus- V
[. sia both of those nations have pur- t
chased munitions of war in this coRn- D
try. Each nation was aware of what at
e the other was doing, but from the d
very fact that both were drawing t
their supplies from the same base, not la
a word of complaint was made on P
n either side. It would not be in ac
n cordance with treaty stipulations for h
, the United States authorities to per- q
Smit in time of war, expeditions to be 4
B fitted out in this country to prey ci
!, upon the commerce or assist either of p
;o the belligerent nations. But in time ti
of peace the presumption is that all I
missions or expeditions organized in
g this country are for peaceful purposes, t
LB and until it could be proved that the a
s reverse is the case, the United States i
Government is not bound to interfere. *
SBritish Oilals Trying to Get on Board.
SThe steamer Cinbria still remains r
at Southwest Harbor. Indications a
Spoint to a considerable' stay Two p
'e Englishmen-one Rear-Admiral W. t
al Gore Jones, of the British Navy,
s now on duty at Washington, and the
d other supposed to be the Britsh Con
sul at Portland-bare Leon there.
k They made many inquiries, but
1s could learn nothing new. They de- t
mo sired to see the manifest, and then
k tried to get on board the steamer but a
failed.
. What is the Mission of the Cimbria I
" The Central News says: "The (
1 steamship Cimbria was chartered on
f- the 24th of March last by the Russian
y Admiralry for a year serve exclusively 1
as a transport. The amount paid was
Ip £14,800. The value of the vessel is
is, secured to the owners by Messrs. Men
m delsoha, the Berlin bankers. Her
ly principal work will be to supply pro
visions and munitions of war to the
d. Russian fleet in the Pacific. Her
II, present destination, after taking
s. aboard war mnaterial contracted for in
a America, is North Japan."
The first impression that the English
Sdesign on the American dollar gives you,
d is that the eagle has just been roused
I from a brown study by a most awful and
, unexpected swipe across the back with
a ja Ited club.
Political News.
Another Confederate Brigadier. T
Postmaster-General Key, in refer- C
ring to a statement which has been V
going the rounds of the newspapers $15
purporting to give his views on the I1
Presidential title, said that he had the
been incorretly reported; that he C
did speak for Mr. Tilden and gene- des
. rally supported him in the Presiden
tial campaign; but added : "Thenal
Electoral Commission settled the
question of the President's title, and E
B I will not say unjustly-in fact, might clo
say justly. I believe in the decision J
and will abide by it, and think that is
every one, Democrat and Republican,
Sshould take the same view. The nat
ra'lt lusleress o the country demand int
some rest from the incessant noise
and agitation of past questions of po- cri
litical controversy. Publi a.boti.nn Hi
should be drawn into harmony, and C
all conflicting elements other than shi
legitimate party differences on State
policy should be put aside, whatever
doubts there may have been upon the 00
question of President Hiayes's or Mr. on]
Tilden's election. These were ex
amined and set at rest by the com- all
mission. Their decision was final." ar
The Democratic Joint Committee on
a the Florida Question. he
A meeting of the joint Democratic to
committee of the Senate and House for
, the purpose of planning work for the
3 next campaign. was held. The mem- yon
bers of the joint committee are Senators for
a Wallace, Eaton, McDonald, Ransom and
B and Cockrell. The members on the part ans
of the House are General H. B. Banning, of
Speaker Randall, N. R. Morrison, Eppa
Hunton, J. C. S. Blackburn, J. H. Rea
gan, Fernando Wood, General J. B. thi
Clark, jr., of Missouri, J. I. Blount and fro
e Frank Jones, of New Hampshire. The
meeting of the committee was prelimi
nary to the mo-t business-like meetings pec
which are to be held hereafter. Messrs. tra
Blackburn, Banning, McDonald, Morrison on
and Jones were appointed to act in con
junction with the resident committee and
the National Executive Committee, to thE
Ii lay out the plan and assist in the man- wa
- agement of the next campaign. The eai
l subject of redistricting the State of Ohio we
t was brought up by General Banning, and
o it was the unanimons opinion of the Ii
- committee that it will be wise to have Br
Ohio redistricted if the work can be done bol
in accordance with law. The subject of the eat
proposed investigation into the electoral
vote of Florida during the last elections
was informally discussed. The commit.
tee unanimously favored an investiga- in
e tion, but there was a difference of opin the
ion as to the scope and authority of the
investigation. It is believed by many of
3 the committee that the wisest course to mJ
pursue is to lay the entire facts of the W,
a Florida frauds before the people, that pri
I they may see how the Democracy was an
robbed of its President, but not to take
any steps looking towards a reopening
of the decision of the Electoral Com- to
mission. To give the country the en- pre
e tire truth was believed necessary, but to let
r cause a reagitation of the fretful ques- thd
- tions of 1876 was thought to be harmful
3 by a majority of those present. It is
a now quite possible that a resolution of kia
investigation will not be introduced in «q
o the House on Monday. «I
OVER THIE FALLS. m
The Details of the Drowning of the mi
eeileys at Niagara. for
e The Niagara Falls Gazette has the col
r following: 10
o Two brothers, John and Patrick Rei.
t ley, residing at Chippewa, Ontario, visit
- ed this place Monday, crossing the river he
in ordinary row boats, one brother ar- at
- riving some tints later in the day than ral
o the other. After the businese which
Sthey came over to transact had been
dispatched, the two men started to re- the
turn, about 6:30 o'clock in the evening. m
e One of the boats baving been taken back
'- to Chippewa, the two brothers started
to cross the stream together in the re
y maining craft. It is known that both an
y the fated men partook more or less lib- ne
Serally of intoxicating drink while in the gil
. village, and in this lies the only expla
nation of their suicidal folly in choosing of
the route they did when they left Port hi
Day for their Canadian home. For, in
t stead of rowing up the river the usnual
e distance before attempting to cross, the in
g men pulled directly for Chippewa Vil- p1
t lage. Two or three parties who were at all
n Port Bay when the two men started out, tr
noted the dangerous route which they s
had taken, but as both the Reilley
SBrothers were known to be well ac
quainted with the river, they naturally
e supposed that when they found they tic
Scould not cross so low down they would a
f pull up and cross in one of the usual
e tracks. In apparently utter ignorance of
11 the rapidity with which the treacherous at
in current bore the boat down the stream, of
the two brothers pulled on their way.
' As the boat swept lower and lower, the
e attention of others on the bank of the f
Srive became attracted to the impending F
e. ,catastrophe. When the boat, as seen
from the shore, had apparently gotten at
well over into the strong Canadlian cur- at
5 'rent, it had drifted down the river, and t
as at last, when too late, the brothers ap
Vo peared to realize their position. The
V. boat was headed up the stream, and the w
y, men beat to their oars with desperate i
e energy. Finding that they were pow- I
erless tostem the current, and having
drifted into close proximity to the first
a. of the terrible reefs at the head of the
Ut Canadian rapids, the two men were seen B
e- to deliberately turn their boats around O
en and with steady strokes pull their craft
tt safely over two of the reefs. The watch
ers on this side of the river then lost
sight of both men and boat, but others
on Street's Island andi|in the Loretto
be Convent, on the Canada shore, say that I
on the boat safely jumped the third reef, a
an when boat and men disappeared in the t
ly boiling rapids and were never seen again.
as The supposition is that when the men i
is determined to attempt shooting the reefs t
I they had a faint hope that they might
[er reach shore by taking advantage of the
comparatively quiet water below the
o- reefs--a desperate struggle for life, t
he which proved to be futile. Pieces of the
[er boat were found the next day in the riv-(
ng er below the falls, but as yet nothing
in has been seen of the bodies of the unfor
tunate men.
Patrick Reilley was about forty five
years of age and was unmarried. John
ish was about forty years old and leaves a
n, wi but no chihlreu. A mother and
led two sisters mourn a double loss.
ith Mrs. Tyler still wears half mourning
or the Ex-President.
PARAGRAPHIS.
There are 67,000 exhibil,trs at Paris.
Cardinal Manning is all skin mid gr;e'f.
n William Orton's estate is estimated at'
"s $150,000.
te It is a Frenchman's instinct tI wake'
d the most of a secret.
1O Cardinal Caterini, the senior carlrinal
deacon, is reported to be dyin,.
The Pope has not the facility ,f speech
making that his predecessor had.
Senator Bruce, of Mississippi, hears a
ht close resemblance to Kinig Kalaahaa.
n A daughter of the late Parau Sty.ve.s
t is going to marry a rich lElish brawr.
t' King Humbert's Prime 'Minister is an
id intimate friend and disciple .1' arillldi.
se Boston Globe : McLilts "1isto,rv ,f a
o- crime" takes the miind out if "ic:tor
an Hu'oQ caila.
d (Clara Morris hates to be called '"clever."
'n she says it is a nasty little E.:unlish wodl.
,te
er Delegate Cannon, of Utah, has a :31I.
lie 000 house at Salt Lake. lie taniutains
ir. only six families.
x Rossini's unpublished manuscrilts aire
i- all to be sold at auction in may. There
I." are 154 of them.
on Fox never wrote his speechesll' and was
fond of preparing them in travelinC, as
he said a post-chase was the best thing
tic to arrainge his thoughts in.
he Miss Marie Tuck is a lPetersburg, Va..
m. young lady, whom Strakosch is trainin±g
)rs for the operatic stage.
nd General the Earl of Lucan is both aged
rt and handsome. He is Colou.,el-iu-C'hi,.f
ig' of the royal horse guards.
pa
3a- Garibaldi has written to Victor lingo
B. that age and infirmity will pr'event hime
nl from attending the Paris exhibition.
he
ni- Railway travel in Connecticut is- im
igs peded by the fiend who goes through the
rs. train taking the votes of the ,passenugers
on on the question of perpetual punishment.
on
nd The ancient Egyptians used to gluo
to the mummies of their ancestors to the
in- walls of theirhouseholds. These are the
he earliest instances of "stuck-up" men and
no women on record.
nd
he In her novel of "An open verdict," Miss
ve Braddon says: "There are twenty poets
'e born in a century and about twenty thou
he sand rhymesters." We honestly thought
na there were more of us.
it- Brown tried to quarrel with his mother
-a in law the other evening. 11i married
the eldest of seven girls. Said she.
of "Brown, my boy, I'm not going to ruin
to my reputation by quarreling with you.
he Wait till all the girls are married. At
eat present, As a mother-in-law, I'mm only
as an amateur."
ke
ng A young man of twenty recently took
m- to a Pennsylvania widow of fifty, the solo
mn- proprietress of a couple of paying petro
to leum wells. Of him it may be truly said
fag that "he loved not wisely, but two wells."
fal
is "Belinda," said Clarissa, "why is a
of kiss like that sewing machine of yours'?"
in "0, I don't know. Don't bother me."
"I'll tell you why. It's because it
seems so good." Clarissa is going to be
married next week.
"Bertha":-If you have your choice of
he marrying far love or for money, marry
for love. Then you may have bread and
milk for breakfast, and have a nice little
he cottage with ducks around it, and you
ei- may keep a goat." T W
it- An editor's wife never goes thlrouglh
ver her husband's other trousers lpockhts to
ar- atrike apackage ofloveletters. Editors
i rarely have the other trousers. '
en The men in Congress who have gst
re- the tariff in charge should not get too
. much mixed. What the Americaun people
' ant to know is whether they shall put
a lgar into their coffee or coffee into their
e sugar, or whether they shall start a
Snew party and drink nothing but plain
the gin
la- Pope Leo used to write poetry. one
ug of his first acts as pope was to grant
ort himself absolution for the offence.
nal How strangely joy and sorrow are
the interwoven in this world. Pain chases
il- pleasure like a champion predestrian,.
at and the sweet tears shed by the maple
ut, tree in the pring time, crystyalized into
ey sugar, will give an infant the stomach
ache equal to a doctor's bill of $9.
Ily Harvey, the discoverer of the cireula
bey tion of the blood, is to have a statue
uld erected to his memory at Folkesto ne.
Sof Viscountess Kingsland, the widow of
on an Irish peer; has just received a grant
am, of $500 from the royal bounty fund.
he Boston Post: Congress has made its
the first move toward the census of 1860.
ing Fathers of families should reciprocate.
een The Chicago Times pictures D. Davis
ten and A. H. Stephens walking together,
ur- and thinks it must look like a sugar bowl
nd taking a stroll with a cambric needle.
re New York Sun: M. Adolph Thiers
the was a little man, mean and vulgar look
rate ing, wearing spectacles, and with a
sW- squeaking voice. His bats were half as
Stall as'himself.
the Mr. C. C. Beekman has received the
en Republcan nominattion for governor of
and Oregon.
raft
th Porter and Pope.
S Major-General John Pope-who
that used to keep his headquarters in time
reef, saddle and his hindquarters toward
the the enemy-has written a letter, in
;ain. which he says he "thinks thait thiu
men inquiry recently ordered is only just
e to Gen. Porter, and that he should he
S allowed to have the action of the
the court-martial examined in the light
life, of the new evidence which he expects
rthe to present." Inasnmucli as \lahjom
riv- General Pope was originally of the
hing impression that Gen. Porter ought to
for-be drom-headed and shot, it wolltl
fie be fair to presume that he has chanig
ed hIis mind. The peculiamity of l'olo
ves a was that he tried to make 'Porter res
and ponsible for his defeat at thIe secomi
Bull Ron, and wanted to shoot Ihint
for it, whereas the man who ought to
have been shog, for Pope's defeat ot
ruing that oeeadtn was Stonewall Jackson.