THE PLATFORM.
The Dnemocr;atie C'onservative party of
I:,., parish of Natchitochrs. in Con'Ven
ln assembled, prnoene thei fo'lowing
i, ie' the isl.eis iln this c:ulijpaign, to the
c.l l!lienlt of twhi'h we plh dge our peo
it if ealled'I to poIw r.
1st. The e'lection, to. ad grrnlithi:tion
i .office. of capablel,, toetlrle'tc-lt an11l h11:1
4-t citizen4, thoroulhly idetilitd with
I(!t n aitecial ilterists if our plrish.
'i'l. A reduilction of the expen:l-',s ,f the
'. 11 tO isi till:ilhan one halft'f its pr:sntll
.nish :1:"; a'ld to that ecid we de sand
:'i reluitioni of fees aid salhri'is of of
'""is to the standardl o,f a fair' rilaiincl'ra
i.1. A laintainailce nild foistering of a
rC:g rouls 1'IUI,IC SCHOOL yvstenl feor
he benefit and edllcation of all the chil
dr'ln of the pirish, Io!t white and bllallck.
4th. The full recognitioin of the rights
,f all icni, withoulit regiard to racel', coleor
o lI'Crevious coldition, le'bfre the law.
.t.h. The ena ielt aild enftriic''emen:it
of ai wise code of ilaws, to protect all la
eoring men in their rights, alnd at the
allie time to pirotect acll ecne'orage the
':lpital invested in oie parish.
Gtlh. \Ve plelge oullrselvies that nlot one
ioillar of tle's lill bie levied il to pay
,,st obligatiions of iour parish, tfor the
isonl that the law requires that provis
io to pay, alld approplriation for ex
Inlises, shall go huaid in hand.
ccih legael anud just cliimcs as are dclie
the parish, shall ble pahid from the col
!et ioun of taxes, that are alra': levied
.. accorldance with law, and sihu it and
dllcctihle.
All monies issuled in excess of appro
riations, andi for fraudulenl t pri'lilpos,
. condemIn as nill and void, ;lind we
. ,ianld of our elected oltillcials their r;
.r,:iliatiion in toto, acid 've ftirther pledge
1i:':;elv's, that legal SIteps hudl be taklen
::recover to the parish Trealsury all
'.nie!ltlllh cllaims of whaltsioever eharac
cr, which have been paid by Radical or
ictc r ofticials to any tpersloni o'r lersons
: lltsoevei''.
We arraign the Radical Republicani
'i.lers of this parish, indl indict tllhem
t the bar of public oipinioi oil the ful
! .wing counts:
1st. For tlhe election and elevation to
c. icial position in our parish, in alclest
Scry insitance, of rimenc totally disua:ili
41. by reasonl of their igliorance, or
,town corrupltion.
2d. We charge themn with having dis
''aced the bench of our Judicial District.
, the elevation thereto of a :ian who
',,as, and is a speculator in the fuillcl of
"' State aid parish-the moiver and iii
igator of jobbetry and rings, for the
,'clinder of the Treasury, aind the imlpov
S,'ishllent of the pleople, as witness the
.i ap contract;" the "b'lridlgce contract' ;
`to "pauper list ricng," and the "ilunigra
;:,Ic b'lreau schelllce."
We charge theni -with degrading our
pa:rish Judicial bench by foiting upon
iclý people Parish .Judges ignorant of
I lw, devoid of personal character, venal
:ml corrupt ; one of whom plublie opin
ion and an outraged communnity forced
..,om the bench for incomipetency. and
i: kinown atlilliation andl conlnectiou
. thI rinigs aindl jollbbers, and another
:..l tl indicted lefeore the Coonrts ,by a
Sc:nllptent hrand Jury, for embezzle
u.r*nt.
We charge thenm with appointing and
e ilnfirmling to pliositiloii, a Tax C'ollector
Siho, with a venal, ionicompetenit andii vil
1 sious Police .cury, also of their plarty,
Iulndered the people and the TrI'us'I y
t ' untold thousands--perjured hilus lIf
i; the isettleinelit of his accounrts-hl alhe
eI upon cis taxation at the rate of eight
per cent, and left csi is ldet to paiy 'equal
i amount to onie-ninth of the total val
i., of property in the parish.
We charge themllc with the plnnderinclg
,t the School Tc'reasll'y, th.lroulgh their
..udle, Senator, and Representatives, of
I'l.eulands of dollcars, thereby delpriving
t it" children and those of our colored
f flow-citizens of tile benefit of educ;a
:ice, a crimie that, ac outrageed coniliucnui
iv cannot too seve.,ly conducinu or Luic
• I|.
'er denounce them for havinc given tis
"Igistrates wh.ose duty it was to pro
'ect the citizeIn, suppress criie anld vii
c'; aite the law, bIllt who have blecen il
etied or couvincted for ccurdlelr, theft, or
Sirjury.
Tllhe Republican Ilarty of thle iparish of
.t.uicitoches, cienlleoteel of the imost ig
ai nllt, delased aiclil tcorrcpt bodcy oif micii
"..:owin to our State ior the Sollth, hlavi,
Sa systematic Jluccdlerinig rcle, redhced
;., valiatiocn oft r;eal alld iersonl:l prlo
'rty in ninie years--foilr ciiilliocn aiid
t uirteen thousand dlollhu's -levihd andil
Sdlected froli a neoplo iclpovecrislit d by
.,ir anld overofliow, three hllniidredl aiid
t , cuty-thlree thous:ind two huicdredl andl
I iicty-threeo dollars acnd six cellts, or ocle
1 .ird of thlie entiico present \alatiitnl of
Scoperty, both real aicld personal, ill taxes
,'c 1867--have li aped ulnon us in that
t'elo a ldelbt of over one hllcndred thou
.:lid dollars -wlhave arrayed tile colored
..'e against tile whites-have plnciged
. ops ileto ocr cliidst, cirrested cinid con
Sie! inuocenit citizens 'ithout warrant
ee law.
;Ve hleirgo the Republican lparty as
l.ing lcsponsiblhe for all the criami com
;ttcd in our parish, by reason of the
.cttlicieciy, incconipetency ,and vellcaityv
S' their otflheihls, andt we dtlelnlnciie their
'e vrcgnmeut of thei parish iand State as
. rinplt alid icifanmoti, tnid ncot desterv
i the supllport ac!l' conlfielscwe of ci shii
.,I virtauous maic in onr cocllrlcicnit;
WVe ciscounitelnlune all disturb'llbces of
t',:pce ofa .the parishl, and ldelounceo
:,in~seators thecceof.
Ve deniand, and will enforce Registra
; ,:, ai fairelectiion anud a fhircocult-alcd
I tlhlt ecld will hohl personially rspol
,: th to the peoplle of olir iarislih, those
;. countrel the electiou alnd registral.
i machinery.
O)nr oeject is reformn, retrenechclent and
L.:ief; tlhalt by holecty acd eoomcocny, we
" .y reduce taxation--and liglctel thlte
e.rdces of the peoplel and to tha:t cnd
\ call upon all he:ltriotic 8onis of N.itclhii
* .lies, witolt rliegaLrd to race, color, or
i.";:*ious'condition, to joinu us.
We ask bui a trial of conieitting the
': Yte anid parish to our keepiceg, anld if
a..td GOivernient, seciuc'ity, plrotectiec,
S..1 propetrity do niot dawn oie an over
;.sed, dlespoiledl acdl dishearte.ned lco
II', then drive usi froium power witlh scn n
;.. I indiguation:
IL'eon the parauconct issues hereice
e,.ucllceialtod, we coneirlliy invite thle ct,
,ccration of every' Decmocrat ,IInd lhpicb
It,.al, who is earniest altl willing in this
u":ms o" mu' State, ftvmite with us inc
ti'- great work of reform.
Cccn't be made by every
agent every mouth in the
Ilsiness we fiuruish, utn
those willing to work can:
easily earnl a dlozen dol
lars Ia daily right in theirc
:n localities. Hlave cno roomn 'to' explice |
re. Blsiilees lleahsaclt and lhonoralle,, 1
,';lcmeu, iud boys atl girls do as well as
ci. We will furnish you a complete
he:ttit free. The basines pays tletter
i ;. auyrthin. else. WVe will hear ex
",c:ie of startillig yo'. Particnlars free.
'.ito adil see. Farnmers aed ncwehanies,
Sirl sons acd ldaughter, adh all clhcses
i s need of payinig work at home, should
r to to ns and hart cil about the work
, a once. Now is ihe time. Don't dehly.
.,.ltienI TRUE & CO., Augusta, Maine.
Sept. 16.
Janes Genius,
Corncr Jsettaes and blmulet Steet.
-dealer il
bt:Y GO4ODS,
GROCE REl-,
IIARDWARE,
\,D GENERALI MERCHANDISE.
C.. Bargla  ered'toCASH ers. .L
NATCHITOrCHES
HIGH SCHOOL
-00-
''; l Unilding is umipleted and will Ie
I outned flor the receptio of pupils, on
MOND AY. 3d day of APRIL next.
('lasses to, be of three grades.
1st ]l',mentary spelling, ]1eadinr, Wri
tig and first iules of Arithmetic.
21nd SaIue continueCd, with illistory. Ge
otraiphy. Oral .\ritlhnietic, ue oit
(ilobes. English (Grallnuar, Rhet, Tie,
Exercises in Elocution and Coliposi
t iro
3rd Hligher or Inlliversity Arithletic,
advanceid Mathematics, Natural anidl
Moral 1'hilosol,hy, and the Ancient
Languaiges. (Latin anld G;reek.)
TER3MS:
T'uition, fior First Class, per month $3.00
" " econd ' " " ' 4 -1!
Thl'ird " " " 5.()tl
(Payable imothlily.)
Iloardl can he had: in 1the city' with
private families, froml $1 to $12 per
W. C. JAC.('K,
March 2--tf. Principal.
S? (ht yolllur printing dolite at
the VINDICATOIO Jb ()lliche.
WILD OATS.
PROSP'ECTUS FOR 176.
C'hampwion Amncri'int C'oaic I'Papr !
Illulstrateil by a corps of thell hest Arneri
call artists, :iil ('u1lrilltled to by the
11most 1)popular h olllilorists anid sairiists of
tilhe )ia .
W\ildL O(;ts now enters succestsflly ip
on the sixth vear of its existelue, and
has ;ie Cone thie etalillshed hllminorous llandI
satirical ipaper of the counitr. It was
startill and continuetd the first y\eair as a
monthly, then, to satisfy the hii mand of
tilh publlic', it was changed to a tortni'ht
ly. Still Colltilnill its good work of
hitting hlly as it fliois, andil showving up
the politicail andhu social shans by its
asterly cartoonlls ll pillnent editorials,
it ahievtdi even greaterl silcctess thain
Iefiorlc., iland was recogniized 1as the ableIst
and (l ightlest of its class. Sincel' then we
have yieldetd still filrther to the lplilic
deiliand, anld niOw publish Wild Oats
w(eekly! It has literally growni into its
present shiape oni its initrinsic Ili'rits, le
in); the first snecesftll weekly hlmlorous
paper ever lpublishel d in this counltry.
Among the arl'tists (especially engaged
to furnish illustrations 0for Wild Olts are
Franllk lellew, Thomallls Worth. Hopkins,
Wales, Shelton, Wolf, Jlllap, Keettels,
Stuckhardt, Day, Poland, and several
othlirs who arel yet known to faile.
In its literary depa'rtuments Wild Oats
will, as it always Ilas, stand alon1 anll
unapproachable. At least on fil'rst-class
serial story will always be fOlllnd in its
lpages, by the best huliiorous, satirical,
landll chiaracter wrIiter's ill the United
States; while its sketches andl slquills
will Ie sparklhg, original iand p1 ointelld.
Wild Oats will be first-class in ever'y
Iparticular, anld on this accounlt lmay be
taikeln into the best families without fear
or suspicion, as 11o word or illustration
will alpear that can otfflnd the most fas
titlioiis.
EGeY SeItl for a Sample Co'py and
Contlince Yourselres.
SUlBSCRIPTION PRICE:
One Year...................... $1 00
S8ix Months .................... 2 00
Three MIllonths................... 1 00
Single Copies. ................... 10
Any iper'stn s(l.lling i.s a nclh of tive
slliscri'erls for one year will receive a
(olly gratis.
Address,
COTLLINS & SMALL.
Publlirslrs, 113 IFulton Streelt, N. Y.
EVEIIRY LADY STIOU'LD TAKE IT.
I'ETERSO 'S IAI:G ZIN E,
THE CIIEAPEST AND BEST IN
THE WORLD.
Postalc Pre-PIid on all 'Subscripions,
This popular Monthly Magaziune gives
mnoro for the molney than iany in the
worll. ,For 1.76, it will Ie gi''atly ium
l'o'\'UId. It will contain Oln Thousatid
Pageis. i"ourtcei Splenduid Steel 1'lates,
Twrelve Clorl'd Berlin Patterns, Twelve
MailimuItIh Coloredl FlI(hiols, Nil1e U111w
ditrd \Wood Cuts, Twenllty-Four Pag:es of
,lu19i. All tils will b( give'i fIor only
Two )ollhars. a 'year', postalge prel)Iai by
thlle pllllislher, oL'r dollar less thilul Mlg
:azile'S (If tile class ~'f "l',terksn(,l" Its
T'lII LLINO TIA LES AND N07V
ELTIES
Are the best pubdlishlled anywhere. All
the lullt lIopuiilr" writers are emlpiyed
to write oiliginally ''"Petersonl." In 18i,
ill addition to th(e usual quaantity (If sihoit
storieS. Five Origillal Coi)yr'ight Novel
etts will be given. i)y Mrs. Alnll S. SCe
liiheiS, F'riik Lee lhincdlict, Jniiie (. Aiis
till Marietta: l Holley anuld Daisy Ventllor.
MAMMOTIIT COLORED FASIIION
PLATES
Aheand of all others. Th('so plates are
engraved oul steel. Twice the Ilusuall size,
1110d are uIlequlIledl for beaul Ly. Thley
will be superbly colored. Also flouse
hold iiid othr' receiplts; in short, every
thing inllterestig to ladies.
SUI'ERB PREMIUM ENGRAVING!
To every personl getting trp e(ithr (of
tlhe foIlowilg clibs for 1875 will hie sent
gratin, a copy (fIt our io1w itld splenlidi
iliuzzotiilt for tfaniililg, (siz:e 21 iliclies by
i), 'iWas·hilngtoin'a Flirst illterview with
His Wife." Thlis is a F'ive IDollhir Englra
ring, al1t d tie uiiost idesiralll lreluilillui
ever offlred. For large clubs, as will le
sen Ielow, an extra ecpy of Maznzine
will bo sellt ill additon.
'TIERMS (Always iu Advance) $2.00
a YEAR.
Postage Prepaid by the Publisher.
2 Copies for............. $ 3 60
3 " " ... s............ 4 00
f6 " "................. 10 00
9 ' "............... . 14 00(
12 '' "................ 18 00
Postages Prep:aid oa the Club, with a
copy of the superb mezzotint (21x26)
"Washington's First Interview Withl His
Wife," to tlhe person gettilng up the
Club.
Postage Prepaid Bn the Club, with both
extra copy of the Magaizie and the
sulperb mlilzzotilt. ''"aslhington's First
inter'ievw With Ills Wife," to the per
son getting up the Cluh.
Address, Ipost-paid.
CIIARILES J. PETERSON,
306 Chesnut street, Pa.
t? Specimens scut gratis if written
THE BEST PAPER. TRY IT.
POSTAGE FREE.
B cauti fully Illustrated.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN now in
its :30th year, enjoys the widest circnla
tion of aiVy weekly newspaper of the kind
in the world. A new voleiiil cotiiiulenes
January 4, 175. "
Its crotents embrace the latest and muost
interesting infortmation Ipertaining to the
Industrial. leehalnical, and Scientilic P'ro.
;'r;ss of the World ; 1) scriptions, with
lIe:tntiful Elng.ra'vings,of New Inventions,
New Process, s, and imprioved Industries
of all kinds; 1Useful Notes, E'cipe, Sag
g,,stions and Advice, lv I ai'ti'ial Writers.
for 'Workment aIld l'miployers. in all the
var'iots iarts.
The S('IENTIFIC AMERICAN is the
cheapest and best iilustrated weekly pa
pIr ptlli.hed. l: Evetvy number contains
frot!m 10 to 15 original engravings of new
achinery and mrovel inventions.
ENGlAVI\GS, illustrating Improve
mIents, )i.scoveries. and nlportant Works,
pertaining to ('ivil amid Mech:anical Engi
neerinI, Milling. M3ining :and Metallurgy;
IRecirds of tih lates.t p irogre i rlthe Ap
ilicatilns of 'thait. SMcatt Engineeriing,
HIailvays. Shini liidling, N.aIvigatioiT.
T'elegr:'phy, T'h'ggral h lEngineering, Elec
tricity. M~l tnetis n Light and Ileat.
I'ARMElll, Mtiha;iies, Engineers.
Inventors, \lhnltrulftnrer.s. C('hemists, Lov
ers of Scienre, T'eachner.+, ('lergy iCnr, Law
yers. and People of all Professions, will
indi the S(rie IT:Nrtic' A.MEIii.,N ulseful to
them. It shouhl have a iade' in eve ry
Family, Library, Study,otlice, and Connt
ing oome; in every Reading Room,
College, Academl y or School.
A year's rintlmers contain 82 leageq and
SJvF'ln.t. HlI'NDtI.u): ENGIJAVINGS Thll
santls of volumes are perserved for hind
ing and refi-rence. 'The practical receipts
are well wort eni ti toes the snscription
price. iTeris I: 20t a year lby omail, in
Il dinrig postage. Disc' no t to ('inbs Spe
cimlnes sent free. May be had of all News
iDealers.
PATENTS. Ii con t W with
AM3iir{'A, Messrs. Mluxx & Co. are
Solictors of American and ;iForeign Patents,
and have the lharg.-lt est lil hmnnt in the
world More than fifty thoiusadl applica'c
tions have ieni tmade for patents through
tlheir agency.
Patents are obtained on the best terms
Models of New invenl'ttions antd sketchlies
exalined and advice free. A special
notice is made ill the Scientitic American
of all Inventions Patented thro!ugh this
Agency, with the name and resident of
the Patentee. Patents are often sold in
part or whole, to persos attracted to lthe
invention by such tnotice. Siend for
Pamlphlet, 11ll pages, laws and full di
rections for obtaininig Patents.
Address for the Paper, or concerning
Patents. MiL.N, & Co., 37 Park Row
N. Y. Brach Otlice, cur. F auiL 7th Sts.
Washinton, D C.
Jany 11875.-1y
JOURNAL OF
AN ll[ Tl'l l :.D FIllIE ,ll.
A Weekly for Farm, Or
chard and Family Circle.
The Weekly Journalt and Farmeo r is an
constl idthtio of thle monthlly Jrnal of
Agricultire and the Weekly Missounri
Fa rnler, is now tihe greatest leading popu
lar Farm and Fireside paper of the
Sout hwest.
Its dcealremnts are complete and ably
edited. 'The (Grange is a leading feature, I
aIn lthis dep:rtm ent i is dalways full of
good things cotitriiuted by the itteinrs
of the Order. The ladis are heard
tlhrough the columns devoted to their in
terests, and many hints of household
utility and good advice can be gleaned
by those who wish to betoine ornaments 1
in their houes and by their tiresides. 0
All classes will beo istruitedl by reading
the Joiurial of Agriculture and Farner,
and no ftmily should be without it. Its
MARKET REWPOTS
are complete, anthentic And reliable, and
the paer is worth the subscription price
alonec to get its miarkets, fresh and relia
ble every week.
Send for it! Read it! Take its ad- I
vice, anrd it will pay you. c
Men amn women, boys and girls, old
aid young, give the Journal of Agricunl- i
ture and Farmer a trial fir one year,
and see if you have inot made a good in
vestment. It is a large a page, 48 column 5
weekly Agricolturil, Grange and Fami
ly Newspaper, aid is free from political
and religious discussions, and its chaste
and well written pages makes it a wet
come visitor in thousands of households
in the great Mississippi Valley.
Chlbm agetnts wanited, to whoai liberal
terms will be given. We want agents
in every town amn village.
Send for specimen copy free, and we
ask that vou seittl its the rianes of yoau
friends, so I hat we may send them spe
Subscription price, $2.00 per annum;
cluhls of 5 or itore, $1.51I each. Postage,
15 cents must be sent with each naite,
as we pL'eay every leaper sent out.
Address
CIEW, CORDELL & CO.,
310 North Sixth Street,
St. Louis, Mo.
WHITEWATERWAGO0
VOR FARM, PLANTATION AND FREIGHT.
ALSO SPRING AND DEMOCRAT WAGONS.
Where we have no Agents
we will sell direct to parties
desiring them. Price and
description furnished on ap
plication. The Whitewater
costs a triflemore than ordi
nary wagons, but is the
cheapest in the long run.
SEMPLE, B1RGE&CO.
380UT.tt MAIA/ ST., ST. LOUIS.
Parties writing us, will
please mention in what pa
per they read our advertise
rnent, as we wish td give
credit where it is due.
OF Get your JOB PRLNTIMG
(lone at the VINnDrCATOR Office.
WE WANT AN AGENT IN
EVERY COUNTY
-IN THIlE
UNITED STATES!
00-oo-
Gold Coin! $1,000.00 in Gold!
--0
* We Challenge the World,
Antid \\ ill tbrftit $1,0(00 to any persou who can prodce a remedy which will prove
by actual test. a miore. speedy, cert:in : d efcl uanl cure for aill Pains and Aches of
wvhatever fourm, external and internal, acute or chronic, deep-seated or otherlwise
than.
Dr. Radoliffs Great Remedy,
Seven Seals or Golden WONDER
We have had this challenge of $1,100 prominently displayed in all our Circulars
ad' New'spper Adertllisemeents, ºr the last fousr years. s, id not t akeis which
shows the stuperior excellence of our Reisedy over all othIer. For Exterual or In
temlal uis.
It will Effect a Speedy Cure in all Cases of
Headache, Neuralgia, Toothache, Sprains, Bruises.
Flesh Wounds, Burns, Colic, Cramp, Cholera
Morbus, Flux, )iarrheia, Bronchitis. Catarrh,
coughs, colds, Inflammatory liRheumna
tism, Asthma, IPhthisic, Heartburn,
Indigestion, Summer complaint,
Pains in Side, Back or Loins,
Piles, lingworm, Felons,
Stings of Insects, Bites of
Venomnous Serpents,
and Especially Ru
matislin.
APOW'ERFUL REMEDY Which is taken Internally by ANY ONE.
00
This clelhrated imedicine is beyond a doubt the greatest discovery in Medi
cal Science known to the wiu ld. Its action is at once felt ; its wonder
ful cures are in stanttaneous; in fact it literally demolishes pain.
-o0
EQUALLY GOOD FOR MAN OR BEAST.
-oo-0
REMEMBER WE GUARANTEE EVERY BOTTLE.
No Cure, N Pay !
Try it, and be Cnvinced.
-00
SOURCE OF HIAIPINESS TO MILLIONS OF SUFFERING IIU.[ANIT'Y
)i'inig the past fisrs years the woNdlerfull success of this Great Remedy has far
exeetled oul most ttlsatguiinit' expectations; thousands have been eured, and thou
saidls have found out firom actual experit net, that Dr. Eadelitfs treat Reiiuilvy,
Seven S eals or holdeen Wonder, is the Most Wouderful Pain Destroy.er in Existence,
the Most Expedious, Safe andl powertful Remedy known in the World. Cures are
tfleietd al usist Instantly, as if by Magic. Thousands of certisicat-s have been re
cei\'ed froni all parts of our hroad lanud, unsolicited and unasketd for', speaking inI
hearttilt and universal praise of this (hreit Reimedy. from personal knowledge of
its almost miraculous powers ui curing the most obativate andt protracted cases of
Diseases.
-00
X1,000 Profit in Four Months! 1,872 One Dollar Bottles Sold!
READ TIS :
Scott Town, Lawrence County, Ohio.
Messrs. KENNEDY & CO.-Dear Sirs: At this late hour I will inform you of the
grat benefit I received from the use of Dr. Radh'lifl's Greant Remedy, Seven Seals
or Golden WiVonder. after hiing coitintid to my 1.d foir eight years with a complica
tiou of disease-s,fviz: Dyslel sia, ,ronchit s,1 !'aipitaliin of the Heart, Pin in the
Right Siide, t ith IiGeneral I)chility, for which I tried the skill of our home physi
ciansu. also a doctor of New York City, and two of Pittsburgh, and onse n the
nirtliteri part of Ohio. Took enough patent mrudicinsc. to swim ins-all to 10no pur
pose. At length I was induced to try 1`r. Rltelitt's s8ven i ealts or .oldhbin Wonder.
I sent and ;got six fifty cent hottles, :andtl bethret using it all tfuiind myself able to
travel in ai t ,gy. Tfook lthe agency for its sn:e last April, a sr months ago, andi
have sold thirt'een gross, or 1,72 bhot tl s, up to this dlate. A giusr 2c)th. IN72, adn
expect fIomi the growsing dsssd to sll ten thisusand (10,0t)) hott is in the ssexb
year. GentsImeen, if you think this worth using osi can do so, as I am generally
kiioyvn over three coiuties as a masn of gueat aitliction.
Yours Respectfully, H. J. I)ARLING.
A REMEI)Y FOR HARD TIMES. TRY IT.
FOR TillS GREAT REMEDY WE WISH YOU TO ACT AS OUR AGENT.
Dear Sir :-Tle, above filly expl:,ins thle articles we wish to sell. "his business
is honorahlh, and by beiing energetti e, will pay you well. It is oisr desire to ip
point as agent in every county ii all parts of the United States and Canada, grant
isig to each the exclhisie right to sell every bottle sold iin the county. Shouih you
ecipt lthe ag-ency for one or m oricno t iess, yo shall have the exclusive right to
sell evtry hottle stihl in your county. xs long as you contianut to act as our agegt,
and all oudhrs which we may receive from your territory shall be turned over to
your "ttiniCOut.
This Wonderful Rleusedy, Seven Seals or Golden Wonder, sells rapidly in the
hands of the right kind of mein, and we want none other. Now if you think you
are the mniis1 for thie work, forward your order, namuse yossr couinty, asid go to work;
you can sell a gross in a few days, without a doubt. We huilve one nlats who buys
oii an avcrage three gross per week, anlt his orders sare inscreasing r.'pidly, and he
has a smtll cussty, (lerks Co., Pa.) He writes that he expects to sell one gross
per day, at retail, the coming sisson, not counting whideshle. You have the priv
ileg, of selliug wholesale or retail, or puttiig it on commission with druggists, or
seoling hy sub-agents. This htssiness is worth the attdition of good men and men
of capital. Should you make but reasonable wages--say $100 per moith for the
lirst three months (many make more)-you would nevertheless be establissing a
business that wouhl pay you largely in the end.
Agents are doing better with our Remedy than anything else they ever took
holl of. Why is this ? Becassse the Ressiedl does.iush as we say, and our agents
clii warrant every bottle. No cure, no pay. Knowing that we makie all losses
good, should they be called on to redeem a bottle, agents run no risk of loss.
Seven Seals or Golden Wonder is put up in $1,0t1 and 50 cent bottles, eligantly
linished in neat aid appropriate wrappers and packed is nice boxes, one dozei in
each box. /
To druggists our scale of prices are-Large size, $1.00 bottles, per dozen, $5.00 a
suall size. 50 cent bottles, per dozen, $1.50.
We give special terms to our County Agents at such figures that they can sell
to druggists and cotutry stores at the above price asd make a handsome protit.
We also give an
Extra Premium to Agents!
In order to have live, energetic mes to take hohl of the business at once, we
have concluded to give free gratis to each and every ageit a present of a haidsomie,
lteo
Coin Silver Hunting Watch, Free,
Beautifully engraved, and correct time-keeper, worth p20,00, and a certificate. of
agen(cy giving SOLE CONTROL of such countys as the agent may select (not al
ready taken); and, furthermore, all orders cosning friom such counties as the agent
may select, will be sent back by its to the agent to be filledu-in fact we give sole
(oustrol of such counties as long as the agent continues in the business. Remedwer,
the Premium W'ttch is given gratis to the agents. We take this plaus to have our
Great Remedy quickly and thoroughly introduced. Let us hear from you at your
earliest convenieice, and secure your county at once, before being taken by some
one else. Remenimber, this offer is open for a short time only.
-o0
A Small Capital Required to Rku a Large Paying Business.
The capital required is very small, and the profits from it will fully equal that of
thousands of merchants who have invested a large capital in their business. HIn
dreds in all pa.rts of the conistry sirei making from $1.500 TO $5,000 A YEAR
And husdreds more will date their success front accepting our liberal offer at this
time. Ajy oie willing to work fur success can force it, but those who believe th,|t
it eu be had from idleness are not the kimid of men we want to push our busiacss.
We want
A Li fE, ENERGETIC AGENT.
As oue such is worth a dozen who expect a bIsiness to push itself. We have spent
iss pushiing our husiniss ONE H1UNIRED THOUSAND DOLLARS.
It has paid us todo it, and it pays our agents, as it advertises it thouroughly in
every S~tte, C,,unty and Townshils in the United States--not only for ins, but for
the Agent Reuneinber, this is a life business and that every year it grows larger
asnd Isrger.
We will scud to parties contemplating to act as our Agents a SAMPLE DOZEN
BOTTLES securely isektd with ou1s difleretnt Posters, Bills, Show Cards, Terms, etc.,
UPON THlE RECEIPT OF $i.50. Anid 1ill seridiug $2.50) for Sansiple lozen, iwe
will sind free of charge. Samples of our Eight Elegant Chrsmos, entitled:
Good Morning ! Good Night ! Feedinq the Chickens ! Mother's Gra'e ! Out
of the Frying Pa, ! Bo Peep ! Reading the Bible ! First Lesson !
If you want your county, let ms know as soon as convenieut, as the territory may
be tsuken. We would he pleased to have parties who contemplate taking an agen
ey, to send fir Sample Package of this wonderfisl lemedy before engaging largely
in the business.
REMEMBER, WVE GUARANTEE 1EVERY BOTTLE.
NO CURE ! NO PAY.
With these suggestions we leave thus matter with you. We do not wish you to
engage unless yot will Ailokw the bnsinessas a bnsiness, and really desire to make
money. We want none but honest, conscientious men. Tu snch we will guarantee
uce.ss. Address all conununications to
KENNEDY & CO,
Sole Proprietors Pittsburgh, Pa.
1l1ease state in what paper o011 saw this advertisement.
ARTIIUR'S !ILISTblTED
HOME MAGAZINE
FOR 1876.
Bright, cheerftil, progressiv e, always tip
to the aidvaniinig thought of the timell.
The Ilonit; Magazinie takes rank wit Ih tihe
lhailing antd mo(st intl hntial lp'riodi'als
of the day. It is on tlhe side of t emu.er
ance and ltrue chtristian m<rality. What
ever is h'irtiful it condeu,' s \viltiho.u
liar or fayu\, 1 ul maIl;tkes it c lf tl It in t ho
hoi'es of the l'.iilh& as I povci' for 'ond.
'T'hf, tre;tL household Magazie of
.nmerical, is roore thorotughly identilhid
of with tll' i iople in their h111o anuil, so
Sei:al life' thaI ally outhr periiodi:al iii the
country.
"lborah Norman; her work and lher
reward." A new serial stiory by T. S.
Arthulr will l', co:.. nluuc ted ill Janull'tly.
"FlIF'TY YEARS A(l) ; or the cabins
of the West," by Jts,'tlat iii+e. We an
nouIlne tlli( ni ew heel'i of articles wvitlh
rs real ph asure, knowing as we do that it
i \ill be allionig tlt, nlti;t attractive that
t- we sha ill oflfer our recaders next y:eair.
Miss Tice, besides holiliiig llthe pn i ,a
reaidy writlr has in iher lipo$scssion a large
:nll til oif nriginlul I matlllerinal fri'n which
to dtraw', ai a wide latcqliintailiCe with
peopdlle whose personal relilis.enlc are
rihl wilh lpiolineer incidenlits 1andl enpelri
"Illollnes fhr the Pe'ile," ai slria4 of ad
iiirably suggestive ;artiulev out holes antid
Iihol to make tlh pleasii. ant and attrac-ll
tive, iby Mi's. E. 11. lnilhyv.
"Th" Storyv Tcelh r." This illpartlintl
will he unusuailly rich. Asidtths aii
Itllbunldaice of short ,stlr'ieS, wo or thelle
seriallls will he gi ven durin- g lti' year.
1"Pil:,issiway" PottS the inimiitabl ite
Illiveator eof h Poe l iiti call l'ctr, \ill
havell tl a'ill i.l in every mlieh rtr.
fIlutlei k's L ii0 .ea d ,e st lttierni fiir lad ris'
viial lrr;To.ment every i montii.
Thleli o sIikepers' l ),epartn nt will be
fall 1iiol 11 caliicl, iid Contain nicii tllon
Sltriltiol fioiit experienced itillli oukeep
fed lNewlhr," two large ;11141 splendid plre
llillii ellgrali vili-s. Mlle of thliese is se'lt
free ito eery sullticrilr.
'2 ,',0 a year is Ilhe price of ARTIll'II'S
ILLI'lST'RAlE) 11iTME 31MA ZINE.
II clubs; 3 (copies Bi' .i; s; and one ex
tra to the getter up of the club 12. 10
:1111 oille extra $20. 15 l5 cents must
bel laddled to each slibscription for lire
.liyi ,til of polistage for lthe year. Spe
eiliteiii unilbers 15 cents, in curreicy or
postage st:ml llps.
T. S. ARTHUR & SON,
Philadelphia, Pa.
ALL PAPERS QUOTE FROIM IT!
THE
Detroit IF'ree Press.
The liveliest of faniily newspapirs, full
olf interesting llnews, literature, llhumorous'
skietcits, spicy plitlllraphill, etc. Samplell
Copies free. Sibscripltion $2 00 a yearn
post-lpaid. AdLdress
DETROlT FREE PRESS.
Detroit. Mich.
rTy' Nirill jru issed, and contaiins
Dyers ld I alh s. with dlirec'.tions r l
tare. olirid Plti, 4ti. The l7lost use
ful ;i|ilegolit wolrk "of hl khui. ini the
wortil. O " 2il i cents for the )ear. huI
lislitd in Elgliih alnd I erlmian.
Aihlriiss, J\M ES VICK,
Jail. 10ll-'. 1o hiester, N. Y.
NEW YORK TRIBUNE!
Tho Loadiag Anmecican Newspapler.
TIlE lEST ADVERTIING MEi)IUM.
Daily, $10.00 a y3411r; Sein i-Weekly,
$3.10; Weekly, $2.00
POSTAGE FREE TO THlE SUiSCI
lER.
Specimnll copl ies and Idvertisilg rates
feie. Weekly, in clubs ol' "ll or itorille,
onlyl .0tl, postage paid. Address
THE TRIBUNE,
New York.
Davis h Eaden
DISTILLER S.
OLE PROPRIETOR of the 'eleated
are warranted strictly a pure SOUR MASH
WHISKEY, uiade on the old plan of Disitills.
tiioi, and p11r11iciitarly iecoimlneilded for ME
1)ItINAL PURPOSES. Ortlers Solicited and
promptly filled from Warthouse
No. 297 MAIN STREET,
LOUISVILLE KENTUCKY.
April 5 - ly.
WILLIAMS' MOWER & REAPER
The onl Two-wheeled, Centre Cý
Changeable Speed Machine made. ad for
this reason s uperlor to all oaere o
descrlipton and prices, address
SSEMPLE, BIRGE & CO.,
13 South Main Street, St. Louis,
*Ad please state in what paper you read this.
CLARH'SI PATU
POST HOLE AUGER.
Points of superior
over the old style I
will bore tkster in
conditions ofsoil, will
bore through soddy,
Booty, or Trashy
ground without the
hel of any other
too can be used to
eolae a holeaJready
Sizes made for Post
Boles, Hede Plants
Garap Stakes, and
Hop Poles.
MANUTAOTURED BY
SEMPLE, BIRGE & 00,,
AORCTOULTRAL I rPLP
IMENTS AND IIARDWVARE
S PE CIALTIES,
13 8. Maln St., St Louis.
Parties answering thie adrer
tisoenoet, please state in wbr
Daler they readiLt.
WIHY YOU S1It 4i'.I TAKE
THE CINCINNATI ENQUIlEI
If i' the Pettlh"s j, att,, devokd
the 'ir l,:tf r, sts a;Id i ,rl!:r',e O i
It, is an il)paitilt friei d t.all iel -
mIeasurer s that Iheetit the conltry,
.it is the enCltntVy of :ll m'liu and 'ia
u res that seeCk only lpersonal gain at
S.,,pelse of the counftrys t. el'fare..
Its editorial cfolu]lnill.< are foIr the e
t cii Dll." ); (i .ftilfsing the frauds
j Sl)fetlt1111tlit ofiials. an tiMI Couchd
in lauguage calculatehl to dt'ceive theta,
Sderstaldtin, antd miake plhii to its rea
fIrs thi lutff,, cfIa11s :111111 eifi ctt
g'n'etial stdf slffHtal legif iative acts.
Its wif\s clt iull1s cftfain il the hRtet
liis and intelligence that can be obtai
r. el f't to the fol r atrters of" the gloib
hby It:us ,tf the telegraplh, mails 4
Its allrintltll'tati Chllniinifs are the bot
aldalplc tod the wa;iiit of faireiirs, 8gj
a\\ loa all. invited to gi' their expeiL.
tClif al ;111 Ifslltl l. of nti\V itteas and n
eri il is of all kMitis off iplroveOtiln.
cicialtIated to aidvallt'ce the flistaiug 1i
()It', isaSi (f' the, Elnquiret'r coitaIn
1 il"ore slicl ifollirllation anlldl iitelligenco
than can Ito bhad fromt fifty of the io call
te' lit racy !italiers. None can laity aide
lit Eliquirer t without aidllitting a Valig
able additioiou to hli or her stock of knl rl
Sedtge.
Its market reports have for yeals hel!
:cknowl\edgtd Its the i(most coimplete fn
irfliatle puiblihill, and 6f great valut to
Stoci k 'Dealeris, Producers and liTr4a
uinll goineraliby.
It has dcltiep tlneicts anld reading for th,
old andl the yotuing. For ithe famtily t.:
tl'e anll the tollutilling hoile-F-( r the le.
chllait ihii elivclanic-ii-l'or the tamer anl
sleetk tealIr, andt for ladi s anlid grentle
ichi oif every callhing iiland station in life.
Its tunlls art low as ainy first Clase lay
Jir can he lptiiitd thlir, all, the qiltty
aul liqliantity of retidilig matter uai d IotI
excselled by aily other liaper.
Try it for this iyear. At ('hroo for
cv\erl ,'l"$ d.(ll ,SCbherielrI. Senid your ieL.
scription lhirect to the oflice.
R. R. R,
RADWAY'S READY RELIE
CURES THE WVORST PAINS
In from One to Twenty Mlnutes
NOT ONE HOUR
Afterreadingthis advertisemea need anyeog
SUFFER WITH PAIN.
RADWATS READnV R.LIEFP I A OUU I('
E\'ERI' PAIN.
It was the firt and Lt
The Only Pain Remedy
that lestantlystops*ae motexernetatilng pains, aIr
Inlainunatihns and cures t:ongestlons, whether oft
Lungs, Stom;eh, Bowels, or other glads or orgP,
oneaepplicatiun.
IN FROM ONE TO TWENTY MINUTIS,
no matter how violent or exeruitalitng the palh Ii
R1IIUMATIC, Beod-ridden, hluirm, Crippled, Neel
Neuralgic, or prostrated with disease may sculr,
RADWAY'S READY RELIEP
6 WILL AFFORD INSTANT EAr,
INFAMMATION OF TIIR KIDNEYS.
INFLAMYIATION OF TilE BLADIl!t
INFLAMMATION OF THE BOWEL&
CONOISTION OF THE LLUN(i
BORN THROAT, DIFFICUiT BRiNOATHINiI.
S PALPITATION (OF THI BAiDL N
BYRTHRICS, CROUP, DIPHTIRIA.
CATARRH, INFLUENfI
HEADACIH, TOOTERACH A E.
NtURALGIA, R3bUMATUSI
COLD CHIIILIS, AGUE CHILLS.
The applicenton of the Ready Relief to thep'll
parts w here the pain or dillicaly itstl will afiord
and Cotmfort.
Twenlty dropsin halfa tumbler of water will In
momenta curo OCIRAMPS,,bPASIMS,801 URI TOMAC
IIEARTIIURN, SICK HEAIACHE, I)IARRIHOEg
DYSENTERY. C)OLC WIND IN THE l 1OWI
andalll I TEIRNAL PAINS.
Travelers should always carry a bottkl of R.i
Way's Ready Relief with them. A few drops
Water willprevent sickness or p:ins from change
Water. It ibettserl hai Fon~uhUrandy or hters as
Itlmulant.
FEVER AND AGUE.
PEVER AND AGUCE lred for fiftv cents. Tbe*
Iot a remedial agent in this world that w ill eure Fe
and Afue. and all uother iMalhlrkus, BIlous er
Typhoid, Tillow, oand other Feers [aidedy al
WAY'S PII.Ilao quick as RADI)WAiY'IRAD
LIEF. Fifty oentaper bottle.
HEALTH! BEAUTYII
BTRONG AND PURE RICHI BLOOD-TNCRBII
OFFIiFIIANDI WEIlHT-OLEAR SKIN ANJ
B1 AUTIF ULCOMPLEXION SEC U ItILD TO AIU
DR. RADWAY'S,
Sarsaarillian Resolvent
THE OREAT BLOOD PURIFIEbR
HIAS MADF THE MOST ASTONTTITING CURFS :
QUICKt80 RAPID AIRK TiE CIIANGEI, Tl
BODY tDERN EsDERo ER THE INFLUSN~
OF THIS TRULY WOND)RFUL PL iLCJ
THAT
Every Bay an Increase in Fle
anl Weilit is Seen al Felt
very drop of the BARSAPARILLIAN RUW4
TV.NT conmunicaites through the Bloo. Swalt, UriJa
and other Fluids and juices of the system the vuorE
lif, for itrepalra the wastes of the body with new ad
iSo.und material. Scrofula, nphlls.i CoanuingPtl
Glandular disease, Ulcers in the throat, Mouti
more, Nodesit u thol, Glandsand other peutof the syla8
BoreEyes, Strumorousdliecharge from tis Ear asp
the worst forms of itin dlseases, Eruptions, FeCI
Bores, Scald H[mad, RIng Worm,islt Rbeum,Erysipsta
Acne, Black Bpots, Wormsin the Flesh, Tumnors,
cerltn the Womb, and all weakening and painful di,
charges, NightSweatse, Is ofsperm and all wastesr
thelitfeprlinciple, are within the curative rangeofth~
wonderotModern Chemistry, aid a few days' use
provetoany person usilugitforether ofthe~sorns
diseaetsotnt powertocurethem.
If the paiiit, dallybeeomlitng redueed bythewat
anddecompotlon thatis continually proagreslngalu.
ceedsnlarrestingthese watets, ant reparl thea
with new materalmade from healthy blood-and thl
theSARBAPARILLIAN will and doasleenre--eurt
Is certain; for when ones this rem'tdy commences I
workofpurilieation, and slcceeda In diminishlng tb,
los of wastes Iha repirs will be rapid, andl ereryds
the patient will feelhlmselfgrowtng I etter and stront
the fooddlgetinug better,appetite improving, uand '
and weigh increatllg. -
Notonly doesthe SAntPAtrLUmAa x RCsoLtFN Tl5L
aikoown remedtalagetts in the cutre ofOhbrone.e
fulous, Constitutional, and lSkin diseases; butttlllte
only positive cure for
fLdney & Bladder Complaats,
Urinary and Womb diseasesCira vel. Dialetes. Dropn,
Sioppage of Water, lucoatmncce of I'rine, Itrlght' I'D
ease, AlbuomninurtS, and toin all cases where there se
brick-dustdeposits, or thewater Is thick, clolde, nii s
withslubslances likethe whiteofanl eggor threadslit
whitestilk, ortheelsa morbid, drk, ihlllo~u ti pef P
ance. and white honedust deposits. and when thirer
aprlcking. burntngsenaatlon whelt paainp water, aa
pin inthe MIal otthe Back and ong theLolns.
Tumor of 12 Years' Growth
Cured by -Badway's Resolvesb.
SDR. RADWAY'8
perfetly taetelees, legantly eased with sweet rle
ptr.e, regulate,purify, cleanse and tregmtten. l.
way s Pills, fo' the cute otall dbaord.rseftbe Fwmlsch,
LIver, Bowels, Klidneys, lliadde. Nerevous Dlireasts,
seade. Constlilpatlon. Cotiveness, IndlEllRLon, tity.
pepslaa, lliitousnesa, Uilklus Fever, itlatmmatlon ofth
Bowels, Pilet, and all D,[rangements of the Internal
Viscera. Wsarranted to elTclt a poltive enre. Pn
Vegetable, oentaiitlgno mercury. niteralsordeleu
oun drugs.
AflwdcsesofRAl)WAY'S PITT. wll free the sy
tem fromallthe above nineddrlu Ierde. Pigce,5 ol00
per Btox. Holl) IIY ItlUiti;lTS.
READ " FATI. AND TIL' ." Send one In'tt'
IStamptRAI)WAY & CtO.. No .92Warren Ft.. New
Yor, Informetlon worth thousiads will be tent BId
ti St Lois Fan Pm
Patent Metal Lined.
These Pumpe are not
excelled in finish or
workmanship, and the
objections to the corn
.mon Wood Pump
caused by the gradual
wearing of the bore is
in this pump obvinted
by a metallio spring
* lto' Fl..cwlpteh and Prleu
Se ple, Birge & Co.,
MAN"IA('TI'RBltI OP AGNRICULTIRAL IMPL.
MIENTS ANI SI'PECIALTIES IN lARDWA)W BE,
13 lsuth Mai streee, St. L.iai,.MIs
£f PIlase state in what oaper you reasdtLW