S-g nap .e's . ,,ndicator - -- - b--7 .--_--t .
Advertising Hates. of o II! 1 ilig lt Ii ttnpokOi
-UA J. H, COSCROVE
,quaro -$1 $ 4'| 00 ,#r l13 or (21  00it , P lorit tor.
4 quare gj I ittt 211 liii 11111 iS it
squ1ar  7 I . 1 3  in
,.t"ts... ... 1) i..... . TILE WELFA{E OF TILE ll POLElL IS TIlE SUPIJIflIR E LA\W. Sc'ril"tioi Inhites.
" artl(g l eq9 , ()1. 0 l' 1'1 I11" l............... l p
- wtqutarm .. I I) t; ' ii I II I ugh ;1 5 to, 3i 1 ut nitt 1_________ __________
it: sqtiatC%.. ,. * , l,,,i -1 : ,,,, ,,, . Official Organ of the White Citizens of Red River, Sabin-, Winn and Natchitoches Parishes. .- (,,i,.' ",i,:..itt l,,,,,,,................
- .\'r giv, lli- .lil li l ,lt f l . lila ninw thal 0i
-I-g s..t... . ) ,," V O L . It T I I 11 , L A ., ) E C L M B E R 22, 1877. N ( l. 14 1...." I. " t'Ilt" "'oi ":d I'"9 ;i 3
luent insertiie nTu 7 tl lI per Sttat' . *t'
BUSINESS DIREC ORYt . '
KA IlN-F.unily t; eni,. c ]rnel r , d and
St. Dcen1is Streets"l I7
MA; 'ErlI-wV ,rd Ii l:hack...mith Work,
A. Church Stre t.
'ERINI-The Ntew Stanl--l'er Gardens,
. Fine W ine". Iiu'lr. ;nlt 'i._ar'. St.h'ni, .
ALLUIN-lrestatlr;Lnt. t Dnis .Street.
A L EXL EM - Not. I' fldii, St. lenuis
street.
--EERILY TrCKEl-t-Gen'ral 'Collecting
)Agelt and C(anvasser, St 1)ieni" street.
BROOK-,-C us and Pistols ,ldtl, umae and
SRepaired, St. Denis Street.
TiJLLARD & C 3IPBELL..Mlercthiaudis-rad
R Platftation Supplies. Front street.
- HAPLIN.(tC NT 'INAg f & I' II.\LIN.-At- Re
torneys at Law. W~,shingtonf street 5t
(-OLEMAN LEVY-Family Grocerics and
..eneral erehandize, Front street. P
ASPARI & DEITRICII-IDrv Goods, (ro
ceries and General Merchandize. Sole
Agents for Screw Bottumn Shtes. Front street.
GE(R(GE :.tLi:ZI.--Famil. Groceries, amher
3tamnoie Lod.Ie, -.d S;trv1-- --- -....
. fairmer' al a trirner.'ls rolt. Sot.s Denis.
It. RHEN -I,,ots and S"los ade and repair
Sed. St Denis StlciIt.
l- EOR(E ' . KE.AlI:NE V1---I:. ','irder and No
tary Publice, Court lhiut, e1 street. el
UENRY G(ENtIIS--(hartet r (Oak Stoves and
Tinware, Front Strii-t.
H KAFFEE---IDry Gloodst and Groceiries. Front
He street.
H LVITIm~ITENSYTEl N- ;-Genera:il Iassortlllnt
I Dry ioolds anlid Al rcer'ies. Froit street .
S F and Groceries,
H Front st reert. t.i t
H PERCY- Surveyor St. Denisistreet,
H SIMON-)Dry G(oods and Groeri-es, Wash- te
* ington Street.
T NELKIN--ry Goods and Groceries, Jelher
I son, street.
I JACOIB-Ir T Giods and ;ric'erle, below
. the Dirt bridlge. Ieflfersonl St reet.
JOHN RF'At.--lDrv Go(d, anol Groceries.
J b low the Dirt bridge. iJeffierson Street.
TNO.GENOE & COl-Dlry Iooils and Gr(ceries,
Washington street.
JAS. GEPNIUS-Drv , aonn and Groceries,rno
noer ,Jeterson and A mulet Streets.
J W. SUDDATI-T-' he Phoeni-Cºloice Li
, qnors and Cigars, St. Denis Striet.
JAS. . . . TUCKER-Atterney at Law St.
Denis Stre't.
JA. KING..--.Watclhnaker and .Jeweler, St.
Denes street.
J DUNCKT.LEMAN.-.-IlarnTss and Sadlillery
Washington street.
J C. TRICHE--General Merchandire.Wash
I* ngton street.
J DUCASSE-General Assortment of M1er- ]
* chandise, Washington street.
J R. ,STEPREN9 -Lnmhber Y:lrd. interenction
* Front, Lafayette and Washington streets.
J. 3MfcCOOK & BRO.--General Wthiesale
- and Retail I)ealr allld loue Agent for WVlg
nn, Washington street.
SA. DUCORNAV-Faney and Staphle Dry
SGoods, Iloots, Shoes, Hats and Clothing,
PTrolt street
JAMEST. SPROWL - HIonse, sign, and or
snamental painter, Frmnt St.. corner Touline.
L CARTEIL-The Gem HBr Roon, choice
Wines, Liquors and Cigars, Front street.
EVY& PIIILLIPS-Fu'll htoCk'lfFancy and
1 taple Dry Gioods and Groceries.Front st.
L. DUPLEIX--Land Agent, St. Denis street.
MORITSE & DRANGlRT--Attorneys at Law,
4d street, corner Trndan,
MI H. CARVER-Dry Goods, Groceries and
* General Merchandize,.Front street.
0 SCRAFFRATII--Boot and Shoe Maker,
O CAPIARTIN-Goneral assortment of
SGoods of all li is .Jeflorsoa st-eet
D VEULEMA( - Undertaker, Washington
L Street.
pPOETg-BLker, Jefferson street.
DBITJEAN llITI)WORITH & CO-Wood
I work and Blaekemithing, Corner 3d and
S1bley 8ts.
P. VEULKI(AN--Family land Plantation
*Groceries, Washington street.
R S. CALVES--Dentist, Jefferson street
R E. BURKE-Cheap Family and Western
* Grodery Dealer, Front street.
R P. TU rSON--ivery, Sale and Feed Stable,
* St. 3 mnls Street.
S. NELKINS- Dry Goods and Groceries, Jeff.
*erson Street, below Dirt bridge.
8 UINBARG-General Merchandize. Plan
tn'atlon and Fanmlly Supplies, Front Street
Yr P0NS--Dry Qoods and Groceries, Wash.
,liagton street,
T LACOSTE-Drngglst and Apothecary,Front
Sitreet.
T HALLER-Bock's Brilliant Stoves and
* Tlaware, Washlngtte Street.
T AUZIN-BilIard Room and Bar, Front
. Street.
T SCPIAN--\VWholesale and Retail Mer
ehaat-general assertment for the trade
hast street.
W j JhCK...Attorney at Law, 2d street,
WVeaner Trudat.
WL. O8T--Boot and Shoe Maker, St. Denis
Street.
W IB, POWELL-P-ytecatn and Surgeon,
"ok. IDeeie Street.
Professional Cards.
W. A. Dunn,
Prysican and Surgeon
Meolgomery, La.
. J- CJW~1V1.1'GRd. I,
ATTORNEY AT LAW.
SCarondet Street, NEW ORLEANS, LA.
JILL attenu the Jue and December terms
V ot the Districts courts at his old home
Nathitoobhes, La.
Win. U. Jack.,
(Sccesaor to JAct & Prmseom)
Attonsey q a Councfor at Law
NATCHITOCHE8, LA.
WILprepiee In athe Courts of Natchitoches,
Sablne, DeSoto, Red River, Winn, Rapidee,
-Grat, and In the Supreme Court of the
-. Cltaims promptly attended t.
'Wn WM. L.ey,
ATITOBNEY AT LAW.
-na fumed the Practice of his Profession.)
ILL praetice the Parish and District
CO_ ( Wetchitoche. and Red River
~ aMoort o Lesoilan, United States Dis.
am 3Circuit Court of Louisisan and U. S.
tlf ml at Washington.
0 Ofae in the Lacoste Building (Up
Stairs.) jj
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
L$ r Ms. 1
MORSE & DRIIANGUET,
. "TT7RRE1.% J .'l OUNS'.L'OIS .17T
LA IW.
Ollice on Scotnd St reet,
NA'T'CIIITO CIIES, LA.
May 2'; 1877.
('. Chaplin. J E. Cuningham. T. P. haplin.
CHAPLiN, CUNNINGHAM & CHAPLIN
Attorneys and Counselors at Latr.
St. Denis St., Natchitoches, La.
Ip liL practice in the courts of Rap
iYids, Grant. Winn, Saline. DeSoto,
Red River and Natchitoches, and the
Sunpreme Court of the State.
Claiims promptly attended to in any
part of the Union. March 25-1y
JOlIVt I. ROIl ETSO.',
(Late of New Orleans,)
ATTORNEY & COUNI ELOR AT LAW
COI " l IATTA.,
I/E) REI VEIl PI/RII, LUIlSI.1.NA.
Will practice in (Conshatta. Natchito
ches, Manltield, Many, and in every part
of N rth-nest Louisiana Special attel
tioln giiiven to Lanld cases and Sn ol('CSinls.
June 9th, 1S77-tf.
Dr. W. 3. Po'rweo 1
MEIICINE and SURG(ERY.
OFFICE on ST. D)ENIS STREET,
NA\'ICHITOCIIES, LA.
Calls to the Country promptly at
tended to.
Refiers to Drs. F i.hnion..1. S. Stephns. ('.
Il[anlin and G. E. Giillespie. Messrs. Biullard
& C1ampbell. Carvir & Taylor, Trichel & Aires
and ('ol. R. E. lBurke
April ;+.-ly
Business Cards.
C. A. BULLARD- N. HI. CAMPBELL
Blullard & Camnl)bell,
ItRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
IHARDWARE,
And General Merchandise.
Corner F RJNT & LAF.\YI:TTE Street,
Natehit*chcs, La.
[JIGHEST cash prir' paid for cOtton iand
•L country produce in cash or merchandise.
M arch 25 -ly.
Peter VTeuleman,
-IDEALER IN
FA311L Y GRO CElRIES
A fall assortmennt of WAILL-PAI'.:E con
,tantly ont hand.
SnP~nal inducenwllts to CASII Customers.
WASIIINGTON STREET,
rNatchitoches, La. I
March 25--y.
-----------------------------------
X. C. TIrichel,
-DEALER IN
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, 1ARD
WARE, BOOTS and SHOES, HATS,
ETC.
Highest cash price paid for Cotton and
Country Produce.
WASIIINGTON, ST.,
f NATCHITOCH ES, LA
IR. E. 3 .L-RKE,
-dealer in
GROCERIES
FuoNT STREET, Natchitoches, La.
C L. WALMSLEY. R. IY, WALMSITY
C. L. WALMSLEY & CO,
COTTON FACTORS
-AND
SGENERAL COMMISSION MEiIUIANTS.
Perdido St., New Orleans, La.
March 5--1r.
Oscar Chopiln;
COTTON FACTOR
it -AND
COMMISSION MERCHANT,
t No. 65 CARONDELET ST.,
- July I-1v New Orleans.
- F. F'. IIansell,
(JAMES A. GRESHIA. Manager)
' 30......CAMP STREET......380
NEW ORLEANS, LA.
PRINTES, BOOKSELLERS
-AND
STATIONERS,
And publishers of the
1 LOUISIANA ANNUAL REPORTS
VOLS. 28 & 29.
All kind of LAW, MEDICAL and SCHOOL
Books sent by mail.
Address as above,
Lock box 847, New Orleans.
T. S. FOSTER JR.,
WITH
ORR & LINDSEY,
-MANUFACTURE8 AND) JOBBERS
BOOTS and SHOES
ST. LOUIS, MO,
July 14-6m.
I. D. WORRALL,
WITH
. SIMMONS' HARDWARE CO,,
-IMPORTERS OF
HJlRDI'RE St CUTLERB
ST. LOUIS, MO,
July 14-6m.
fu"TT"S PIIILLS
A Noted Divine says
.They are worth their
weight in gold.
READ WHAT HE SAYS:
DR. TLTTn--Dcar Sir: For ten years I have been
a martyr to Dyspepsia, Constipation, and Piles. Last
spring your pills were recommended to me; I used
them (but with little faith). I am now a well man,
have good appetite, digestion periect, regular stools,
piles gone, and I have gained forty pounds solid flesh.
They are worth their weight in gold.
REv. R. L. SIMPSON, Louisville, Ky.
Dr. Tutt has been en
TUTT I gaged in the practice of
medicine thirty years, and
CURE SICK HEAD- foralongtimewasdemon.
ACHE. strator of anatomy in the
Medical College of Geor
TUTTIS PILLS gia, hence persons using
his Pills have the guaran
CURE DYSPEPSIA. tee that they are prepared
.. on scientific principles,
TUTTIS PILLS akare free from all
lie has succeeded in
CURE CONSTIPATION combining in them the
heretolore antagonistic
TUTT'S PIILS aies of a tre' theng
L Sg, ýf'pur ativet anda l~ur
CURE PILES. ijyzg toiic.
Their first apparent ef
TUTTS PILLS feet is to increase the ap
petite by causing the food
to properly assimilate.
CUE FEVER ~AND Thus the system is nour
AOUB. ished, and by their tonic
action on the digestive or
igans, regular and healthy
evacuations areproduced.
CUE BILIOUS COLIC The rapidity with which
m ersons take on flesh,
TUTTS PILLS while under the influence
Sof these pills, ol itself in
SKIDNE CO- dices their adaptability
pL ZI P,. to nourish the body, and
hence their efficacy in cur
iUS ing nervous debility, mel
SUTT ancholy dyspepsia, wast
ing of the mulcles, slug.
CURE TORPID LIVER gishness of the liver
chronic constipation, and
imparting health and strength to the system. Sold
everywhere. Office, 35 Murray Street, New York
TRIUMPH OF SCIENCE.
Gray Hair can be changed to a
atissy black by a sin cation of
Dr.Turr's Har Dye. t acts like magic,
and is warranted as harmlemss as water.
Price $s.oo. Oice 35 Murray St., N. Y.
WHAT IS QUEEN'S DELIGHT?
Read the Answer
It is a plant that grows in the South, and is spe
cially adapted to the cure of diseases of that climate.
It is
NATURE'S OWN REMEDY,
Entering at once into the blood, expelling all scrofr
nlous, syphilitic, and rheumatic affections. Alone,
it it a searching alterative, but when combined with
Sarsaparilla, Yellow Dock, and other herbs, it forms
Dr. Tutt's Sarsaparilla
and Queen's Delight,
The most powerful blood purifier known to medical
science for the cure of old ulcers, diseased joints, foul
dischargesfrom the ears and nostrils, abscesses, skin
diseases, dropsy, Iidney complaint, evil effects of
secret practices, disordered liver and spleen. Its use
strengthens the nervous system. imparts a fair com
plexion, and builds up the body witt
HEALTHY, SOLID FLESH.
As an antidote to syphilitic poison it is strongly
recommended. HIundreds of cases of the worst type
have been radically cured by it. Being purely veg
etable its continued use will do no harm. The best
time to take it is during the summer and fall; and
- instead of debility, headache, fever and ague, you
will enjoy robust health. Sold by all druggists.
. Price, $s.oo. Office, 35 Murray Street, NewYork.
L CASPAII. M. IIlETILII.
Caspari & Dietrich,
(I,acoste Building)
FRONT St., NATCIIITOCIIES, La.
GRAND opening of a NEW MAMMOTH
FALL AND WINTER STOCK,
direct from the New Orleans and Easter mar
kets, consisting in-part of
DRY GOODS,
CLOTHING,
HATS,
BOOTS,
SHOES,
GROCERIES,
CROCKERY,
IIARD
WARE, &c, &c.
LADIES AND GENTS'
FURNISHIING GOODS.
In tact,
A full line of GOODS for the country trade
All of which they are selling at leess than NEW
ORLEANS PRICES
FOR CASH,
Call and examine the largest and most com
pletestock ever bronght to this market and
satisfy yourselves as to their prices.
' Highest price paid for Cotton and coun
try produce, in cash or merchandise.
March 25--1y.
O. lehaf"rath,
Boot and Shoe Maker.
, CIIALLENGES the world for neatness
and durability of work. Satisfacti n
in fit and material guaranteed
Sho;' in St. Denis St.
Ar. 3. ITenee,
NOTARY PUBLIC.
(Office under Vindicator Office,)
ST. DENIS STREET,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
April 29.
JOSEPH C KEYSER,
Brickmaker and Layer.
s PREPARED to do all work entrusted
to him quickly and in a workmanlike
manner. Tomb, Chimneys, Cisterns and
4 other work solicited.
Orders left at BULLARD & CAMP
BELL'S will be promptly attended to.
Jan. 27, 1y.
OUR '.i WASIItliNGTON LI'lT'TEit. the
-- p1i
In the Senate yestetday, aII order ani
was adopted lixing next Saturday for of
contsideration of the silver bill. The i
vote on w hat was coln.idered a test jire
questiotn was forty to eighteln. e. If ilt
this should indeed be the vote by av
wthith the bill passes the nt'iate there oil
will be the necessuay t wo thirds to
oVeicome the veto. The vote in tihe
House is uncei tain, it noL being knowt In'
whether the measure has two-thirds I)i
of the votes there. Thie surprising of
result in the Senate shlitws that Snc- fiI
ator Jones, when lie annointled, be- hAl
fore the extra session colntteinctd, e t
that a large niajority of both llmises an
was favotable to retluimtetizatitl,
spoke by the book. 31
Seo ator Stanle'y Matthews intro- to
ducted a concurrenlt resI ttltio r'ecitinrt ('t
that all debts of the Ul'ited StateIs I
are payable at the ol tin of tie 1
I'uited States in silver ,tollha s ofl-I'' -
grainls each. This istlthe stanila:il iof l
lhe retnonetization bill now before tr
Congress. tit
The llouse did nothing yesterday. iv
Three reports foitm the Elec ition t itti- t
inittee were receivedl ii the 't'iloratlo li
case. The )Democrats rep itt ed in lit
favor of seating 'Paterson, thiee lie
iipublicanus in favort of lBelford, and onil e 1'
ileittiber thought there was nit valid Ih
election in C'oleraldo. t
When so solemnl a body as the 'ni-. 51
ted States Senate perpetrtaes ia joke
we may safely expect it to be a great .;
even if a clumsy one. The selectii on
of Kellogg of Louisianil, as a imet- ll
her of the Speciail (ntolnlittee to con
i ider the laws relating to the count-i t
ilig of votes for Pl'esidetit, is such a ti
joike. It need no comliinieit. It will nt
amuse every oine. It mill Ilmake a
part of history. e.
! r. Ilaes ".-ticks." The New p
Yotk Custom lioose nominiiationis and 1
neatly all the others known to be dis
tastelul to the radicals Senate, andIi
which were ignored at the Extra Ses
shiln, were againi seti i otilt yesterdaty. 1
This, of couriel, shows the fatility of ci
ill cfttorts limade to patch up a peace 8
between the Extcuntive andl. its opl- it
posers in the party. Your correspllon- uI
dent has nievetr believed since the dayli
the C'abiet of Mr. iiayees ais an- I
"inoUnecd, that there could be any 'lb
Ipeace in the :part as long as Hiayes w
was in the Presidential chair The 'i' n
explosion has not collie as sotoni as was ti
, expect'tl, but it is at hand. til
The WVishington Mittilinutenit Asso
ciation yestrday, alit a very full meet
inlg, tesolve d to send a Cotlinitteeft
before Ca ngress to ask that the funiiids
olted a year agt,,o be used at oncei toi
i COtmpllete the shaft accordiing to the
Soriginatil design. This is as it shiould
h be. A dozten dilltretn t uilnlicatiotins
C thallit desigc n have been sngges ed.
11iminotg thelti otne which w ioll 1iput i t
statue of Washinigton ait tile head of t
the half finished shaft; at a height I'
e where we could not know whether it
rtrepresentedl the Cat dillff Giant, To tn
d Thintm or Stanley Matthews. It is a 1
' pleasure to state tlivt, while li'ese i
plans have haIti the effect to delay 41
work on the monument, nonie of these h
have received suplport enough ito
Wnitko their adopltion iprobale. Lc t '
us have it as "the fathers" wished.
Anry change is a failure. 1
Democrats throughout the country,
if they wish for a Washington daily
paper, should for goodl reasonis pa- t
ttionize the Post, the secontd niinlltcber t
of whIich aippears this mnitrlling. It is I
Sbright as a new silver dollar, thor
oughly )Democratic and well pltinted.
ALBION.
FROM EYERYWVHERIE.
Washington.
Whatever many have bIeen the shifd
fling, backing and filling of the Ad
ministration on the Mexican question,
tlihere is at last a prosp)ect that some
tliing tangible will be done by Cot
gress, which has taken hold of the
sulbject in earnest, and is jiroceding
with intelligence." The Committee on
Fotieignli Affalirs has cited Secretary
Evartsto enlighten Congress as to
why the DI)iaz goveinnient Ihas not
- been recognized, as well as to have
thle beneftit of of the diplomnatic cotr
respondlence between the two govern
nients since the piresent Adtninistra
cante into power. The Foreigni Af
fails Committee will particularli
tmake inquiry as to whethler the threa
l tenitg troubles betweeni the ti'ited
w States and Mexico cannot be settled
by dipilouatic correspondenee. TIhe
commlittee will begin its labors lit once
and meanwhile the Military Conmmit.
Stee will continue to hear whaiilt army
I olfticers hlave to say about a war with
Mexico.
SThis committee has Ihad this subject
under consideration for ten days or
more, and has taken the testimony of
a large number of army officers. The
inquiry has been directed solely to the
ilisltsition of tihe armed forces on the
Rio Grande, and the extra occasion
which promipted the l)epairtment Coni -
ts ander General Ord to invade Mexi
' can tertitory.
At its meeting this morning the Mil
itary Committee appointed a sub
committee to consider the testimony
already taken with reference to tthe
Texas border troubles. This sub
committee will sit during thle holiday
recess, and endeavor to have a report
ready to submit immulediately after
Thie new Mexican Minister, Setnor
Zamacona; has accepted an invitation
to appear betore the committee to
lolm0row.
Gen. Ord continued his testimony
to-day. Senator Maxey read letters
to thecommittee from the Secretary
of War and Geb. Sherman bearing on
the border troubles.
The committee instrncted Senator
e Maxey to introduce a bill in the Sen
e ate appropriating $200,000 to establish
d four additional forts on the Rio Grande
border.
Senator Maxey introduced the bill
in the Senate, and it was pilaced on
theI calllln a'. This atill efltlallec tiI v Ia
puts alln 'Il to the i slastioln.; p1'ro ~toh
ces<('s Whic'h E.vlil i ls eils dii . Iit latie, 1 nan
aid tak(s the ,111( xican quIg stion lilt ltha
(, the luch of the ugIgh ty of the Ad- 1u1(1
,llinistration. ('ingress M1111 act ch;L
promptl}", ald the . usp n'n-e in w hich it i
tlhse afllits have so lin". been hehId I lo
will Sou) terminalte onle sVai of' I lh nol
otlh r. ito
There is no dohltl. Ii i t Ihle hehla i- l 'w
01' of Slunll ZL iii1:(oni: sille his arrival sikt
here has dotte much to thevate the -t:i
iDiaz administration inl the estimaltion too
of (11ongre.1s; and tile c(iourage and loll
Ifrankness With which the Mexican 1411
Amblssador c,11 t ts ill 1uil y a( setks
ia hearing halve quite put the trilliug ,
1and .pttifolggin Emvars to the blush. "I
If 1 lia z i.. ; isi strong in his 1control of iil
Mexico as Zamacona represents him 'ht'
toll Ie, there ;Ill ) he nio dou1 ht that 1r.
altnt 1n u' derl l t in, le , , w1h4 ¶ther tI h I del
dministratlion desires it or not.- ilt
.n.,u1,gh hlsts alt eady li1 en developed P"
mouaent settlehlmet of the Mexican dif
tic nlty on alt bwasis short of al l tete
hnoiiiationl of thi, , \e51111u ,me nt.
1.Mc ltr etr, the l lit n i4 quite sg'in' I
;el III ). that Diaz ias not
Ieen treated onfir'sly by i v ll. l
Evasts, in the diplomacy of the past i
Th'e first voti was toi s teat olelfod, Re- i
plblica1n. The result, yeas 11i0, nays
l-a strict party vote. The second WI
i which ti oll:iillV that t1hee wafOs li r;l b
id elction, yeas, 1tl , tnas 117. lle-ill
ilm, rats . voting aye. ('fntler, Sienger,
,ncred on tihe majmityik report conti ng
iPaltters. onl tellloat, eas e 110, d-ays
11). te
S MIr. Monei's Railroad Bill. " f
I ile hill introduced I !y Nirl. Money.
.of Mississippi, and referred to the l'a- t
cirf ierailroad committee allows the S,
e iouthern facile comlany to continue h(
its road l'ront Flort Ye loa along th t.
- route selected fr the Texas Paciic el
to ad until it tracks maeets that of the
hltter ro1:d. The hill grants tis lands al
iy. efore allote to the Texas PI tillte,
t hicl the mpa a ny l has fosfeited by
e not co11 ln l( ing with thle law eilnvri nge -
I the building of the road withinl a cer- t
Action is living taken on confitma
tions tis. Conklin , o if New YIrk, dS
Platterson's Futilure I'oranme. at
l(Specia;l tfo'grams from Waslllt h10 intoC
. It iays there is little reaon to dont tht
lithe 1t judi ial preoceedings against Pat
is seatsn in ,uthe scllato wli ll not he T
it pushed any further. It is stated by
it well informed persons that Pattersons
Sote and efforts for lti tler have secu- p
red ul4 relnity follr h oim flo rther le- t(
gis l hostilities tle ill be released ctile
on hail from the ies Atmellits which
a iefforts for Ilutler are all that are re
,t qUited of him.
t. It is a part of tie arrangement that t1
lhe shall in a few months hence resign ti
his seat in the senate which will bebery.
lilled by the election of fWade am- unti
Ston. Patterson will resign ostensiblg ot
II, For thile reason thatio of the Democratsti
-have beetition, given tille possesst tition 7,-of the
ii-State byI tle I es Administration, 2.
Sgand th ratif a ieocatic Senator canon.
Srepresent theqnstion ofbetler than hState can.-itl,
e real reso for ttree coutiis resigto ationt
will be tleo qstionake sure of tie cthis escape
n- StntGeorgia show the flitlwing voetel:lu
Sgainst raie costification.
1 On the questionler of the LState npitalt
i ocorty-threelt t counties voted fir Atlantaii
C tand thirty-onefr Milledgeville. Thes.
lldeville or,97tic; manljority inl Alaet
S26,578. The vote in these countres on
the question of th e lreatidn of the i
on tie conlst 3itution. tle vote f
Governo r last Iofli tile egisocrantie
'ie pens, orw thet ted so arties is a State
tie arte le regur preserve teir relativeoinees.
Tfrces so even mocratioc majority ietin to new
o Jersey in the vote fir Pesident in
i1876 was just ofSt.3; in thlse vote fia
lert list nor last imnth the Democratic f
[i ano t often that this coincidence hap
Stpeins, olr that two parties in a State
y Cllare able to preserve their relativeth 13
the other.
te- Thle Tarish ofsaySt. John harts thle sicali
avlest list of drelinquent taxeks payerst of
l11 Developments in the D1arrall-Acklin
nor the crookedness in tile Darrall-Acklin
ion contest in the third congrcesional dis
to- trict, have at last developed into sotme
thing more delinate tlhan mere rant
ny mors. The United States district at
crs torney has filed criminal inlforimation
ary in the United States circuit court
on against Gel. B. Iand, charging him
with inducing an oificer by illegal
tor meanus to violate hIis duty in regard to
en- a certificate as to thile true result of tilhe
lishi election in the parish of Iberville for
nde a representative in congress in the
third congressional district. It seems
bill according to evidence on whlichl infor
I oan mntion is based, that Geo. B. Land
It is claime'dl that tie i: 1e 'ºas dis I
clnuletd whit, the hallls eie .- o. .r .
couonted r m'l o1 l ]e( ' i f the ci ,ngres, - th
"1,11º ;rit ll llilt l lit Ivv t tak t lttloll.%'.--- ' this
' iTw lot hel 1, t u1"s \I h,, it is s;ail, as- "r
siat'| in the tr;Itn-:sItion, have aidentit am
ta:teunii ts of thel pat which they'l
took in it. Land tas under the l iti- iha
lo- administration superintendent ofi t nt
education. Wioll
WARIR' N T . kttit
Trhis dayi will witnucss scres of th h I,,,,,
wihlest excitemeut in Lonudon. All Thii
the morning paper, print a dispatch per.
frotm tlt. Ib tteNalf Buncharest, dated s0.
|t'tt that i City at 9I o'clock last night, fl
declurilg that (i.naun tastu a slirren- auitd
Sm17(1 at 11 1. tlh tt
It apptirs that ;a sortie bIro Ight a Slili
a stvete enligagement, i ti t hi lhas i, t
- e li f 19/i -lhr.s m titales ithe follow-ii dg
ig s;itten lan Pasha at -
ait ;ttacked ill trot land ear and 1 laid has
down hils arms ulnconlditionall;liy, after i
a furious struggle, in which lie was Fe- is t
" riotsli wouiitndil. All with one voice fi
i- pi'ise his cll duct. tll i
S 'Thlle llTurks in Plelna were dyiii ng re
the trijends (of iii key in England will I
Stcoile to ,ti iend to-hlay. "it
h A cruel and cil shilng bloiw has been i
dealt to blatant panegryists, iwho have PI
for moniths past iben telling of the a
prowess uof the Trlikish tr oops. g
thslan will cease to be a into. Al- o il
though reports fomnt ofihcial Russian it
sources speak of his Courage in the at
e houri of defeat, still ie has tlailedl, andl 4"
e tilhe Iu kophiles of England will tev- lii
iC i for ,give him i. 1 ion
C I'liis blow will cause a great shock, til
Is altliough it has been lexpected for s,
L, days. Only last evening it was the nit
Ssubject of almost universal discussion vs
g in the clubs where the hquestion as to (,t
the future took: the llowing form, thl
`After Plevlna, whiati' ti]
To-day the people of Europe Inmust
make iup tliheir miniis. It will be in
terestinlg to know whait the vet dit iit
will be. 'I ris ITi iU rges that the atof
Snmolment his now larrived when iiiedi- t
ation between Russia and Turkey is t1
i possible, and says it is to be hoped (i1
Sthat the h: ilish government will use u
i all efforts to that end.
e The Story of the Last Battle and the Al
y Surrender. C
i London, Dec. 1I.-A special dis- to
1 patch froni Bulcharest says, regarding tl
- Ithe Callpture of Plh'liant, that thlie criti
( cal conilition of Osnan asha'il lis army A
\i was certaiilily known inl Conistantino- gi
is ple. Ilence the recent effort of Sulci. I
- an Paslia to create' a div\e lSoll to enl ei
able himii to break out of Plevna, and nl
at the attempt of Miehemet Ali to assist v,
;n him. at
; The latter, however failed to ('o-op- '
- crlate as instructedl, and lie will be ft
i' reliCtved of his Colilland il a few \\'
)ie sliian Pashla tillliimg all rt:snuices l tI
'tn, cut offl his iescape iinlpossible, his -lil'
'n iy staiving anil Iei'ishiing with edd.h,
- anlld no hope of sueCOl, Coliiilliiiicated
il by letter \\with the Grianld l)ke N icli
pC olas, coinmlanding tihe investiniig for- 2
ces, but the latter declined ti, accepit I'
tlhis letter or to ieceive thie enivoy who 1
was escorlted to thle headlqtlarl'ers of
les Prince Cliiles conllnillidel' in chief
e: of tihe allied arnlies besieging Plevlna.
ti The letter cointaineil ia iequest for ;
7' favorable terims of capitulationll, niil t
- thait Osalai Pasha be allowedl to sur- t1
ity render his sword to tlhe GIrand l Ilke u
Nicholas. Tiis bleilng impossible the 1
l, lvo.v retutrned to Plevnlla. I
t On Sulnday another desperate as
e sault was milade on the Ilrussi;an riglht,
il- in which Osiiian Pasha himnself was
ta bldl.y wounded and ablout 300 TIlks t
ou placelI hol'rs de comllbal. Nothlling ill i
ie reiniiued but unlcoliditional surlirellder,
Silld tllhs closedl one of thle bravest 'i
defeiises of mloder' tites.,
'F At 2 o'clock on Sundaly thie Turkish
m- bugles sounded the retreat, firingii
ls ceased onl botih sides, lland aI Rulissiani
ii- victory was ucknowledged. Aid lir t
i- tile wotuuled was given indiscriiiiui
ately to the Tulrk and lnssiiani, while
e the nlegotiations werel ill progress; iild I
in by 4 o'cloc tle s1rrelder wa coli
for plhlete. TI'o day tlhe Russiallsii are eu
tie gaged in occupyingl the forts and bat
t is telies, and garrisonlling Plevon.
ate Glives it to Kellogg,
a A [N. O. Picayune]
As we have said, thIe bitter wrong
of the tranlsactiolln is endulred by Loui
siala; but the shailme of it is Il'anided
Ual- poln the face of the Relplublic;an plarty.
of It is one mnore speciHications of that
on- panity. Nevertheless, thle dtuty of pro
$t. test abides with us. Let, tlhen, suita
133 bcl mieetings le called at once, nill let
thlie spokesmeniii of tihe peoile, decllire
klinthe feuling of the State. When the
Genuc;i al Assembly shall hiave been coii
iveiled, let ililipropriate resolutions be
ic ilntoduced and passed!
Branded and Turned Out.
dis
me- [Terrebonue Progress]
n. Certainily, just like the bullet-head
at- ed "'outhlcrn Policy" of the Radical
tion party, thlis adlmission of KeIllogig must
nurt Iinlute inally to the benefit of oir own,
him for, who wants to vote a RepublicanI
egal ticket witli siuch facts staiing them in
d to thie face But as regaids lthe pIer
Sthe petrattors of tile outrage themselves,
for they would iichly l deserve toi be in
tie dclibly brlndeld "Kcllogg," oii their
ems brazen foreheads, and coniielled to
I afor- I cnarry a little Kellogg strapped to
and I their backs for the rest of their lives.
News from Our Friends.
V EN(O)N.
1 I' it 'lr r i tti r •r.
ltit Io think the ('hrk ofthin wtath
rr is-, tlt'intl lhi( ,'t1l4 l llha Ide ! \VW asi
It re,' IVi 1 '.. ", sit S'\',' t't,, i, t it' t..-sid il
tali. cliImate ,-o earl. in till steason !i t The,
'grou'd I+l;s." II l,'1 frt' ze frllt th1reeI" dhys
Ianl nights t nt tha:wint ill t i t' eat li'tht
da, in the shade. ant a dr freeze too; I
thilkl it unpr dcele telld. 've not scan
that tited ltl".ona ige the ",' le.'.t inhalti
:tat'" It' is 'frozen up, hu I ithink that he
wonIll agree with ll '. All thet' ,eel oin
that was inot well put. up is ruined, I
knot steveral persons in this teighibor
hoIul htuos sceed cane is totally spoiled.
This is inidetd a sever'e loss-, although nrn
lperson here ,lails more thtan ain alre or
so. Yet mtiost ot <tut planters depndl up
onit anii' of their own raising for tsyrup,
Iand thel area of ptlatedl can' would have
tIeen cotnsidtraIly increased nlext year,
thoie who were alrt'adiv llatinug it, were
explrtine to itiicr.as t hir tropt , ati oth
el's had cigag-edi steed fot'r aitheiter 'eari.
But this di-sa,stlros freteze will cause a
'it re I st ('It'sed . I' vve seent in sm(e
of the ntssp l a.rs comqplaints that the
nillne in thel rto.lt of th'e parishes was not,
yildiutg wvell this tfail, the' samle is the
case with us., althotuglh our caie is of
,good ize yet lthe ate tall rains have ren
dered it sppy, ailnd th're sleems to I' lit
Stle sacharinell in proportion to amon111t of
juiit'e. Last year from lS(l) to 2000 caneu
would i:ake a barrel of syrup, this fall it
has retquird about 30)10 to miake a barrel.
Our stadanitl illn higth for average cante
is thrlee and oine half tect. In some pda
cvs there. seems to I elnonglh mast to
fatttru the hogs, though as a genleral
thing the muist may be cusidlered a fail
nre in this Iarish. The health of the
counttly was nItver better.
YTat's Truly, VERNON.
November. 26th, 1 77.
I call butt hope that this tmay meet.
Iw ith bette'r lik than niy last did, as 1
amn infuirnmed that it, after going to Alex
adi-ia in the mail oll Tulesday made its
iap~ei atItnll illn Leesville ill time to le re
mailed en, tlie surecding ''lueday, to
aain prceiit itself to tlhe' attentive eyes
of the P. M., at Ailexandrlia. Perhlaps you
imay still receive it, it' yon do tihe P. M.,
at Alexandlia will certainly be entitled
Ltit yoiui te, deirest iegards.
Thi'e District (Cmort foir the 9th Judical
Dlistrict began its fall ternm for this parish
toni the 12th, and continued in session uti
Stil I fll owing Monday. Trhe-re were
Ssever. :i civil cases dispensed, with but the
Smost important case was that of t lti, State
vs. Jacob tiuter, and ])avid Unuter,
(fahther and son) who were indicted for
the murder of Calvin Bass, which was
taken up on Friday, the 16th, the Coon
sel lfor tlhe detfense declaring themselves
ready for trial. Considerable dilliculty
was experietned in getting a jury, aft.ir
t the eplaniltaeliut of w\hich, the llremaiiiitier
c of the tav was colsrncsmed in the exaamint
- tion of witnesses. At dark the State
s through District Attorney E. G. Hunter,
Sopened the pleading, Mr. Hunter spoke
until 11 o'clock at night, whenu court was
adjourned until 9 o'clock the next mo-e
nllg (Saturday) antd the jury locked tip.
SAt nlite o'clock oi Saturday court was
calleo, the court house (a large budlding)
was crowded to its utmost capaicity, and
the defenise opened their argument
g through E. F. L'Prtley, who was tfolowed
- by F. Smith, and hlie y . A llauter of
wAlexandria, the three consuming the
.greater portiotn ofl the day, and le aving
it'he District Atl'Ciiey the shank of the
evening to close in, which lie did, giving
cthe case to the jury at. dark. The jury
after being chargted by his Honor, in a
St very etlar aitd succinct manner retired.
and ill tle course of ani hour returned a
- verdict for manislaughter. The counsel
fotre the defence Milid a motion to set, aside
the verdict, and court smt after adjourn
d untl eight o'clck lon Monuday niotu arn
hing, at wthich time cour t was called atnd
tile Illoitoin fir auiw trial wa s read It
I- . A. hnter, disclosintg five points, as a
1 hasis upon w\hich t. Ihtonad their motion.
( 1st. That ho 'erdict was not in accor
- dante with the law and the evidence.
. 2it,. Thie incompctence of juror W. 4O.
lt rkins. 3rdtl. inctimpetec!i e of junror F.
o11. J. Rlichardson. 4th. Intiroper con
tduct if Dlistict Attorney. ,th. Absence
of their lpincipal witimss. Th'e chargis
eg'os against the jurors were of a very
* grave niture, aimonutinsg to nothing short
Sof preijuriy, and wilt nessesi weore introduced
u l to su~stintate the,, but fortunately ft r
r- truth and justice I is Honoir Judge Black
1e man |t0SsC'5ss I1 reteiitive iJtemory as well
'e uS a Ittiitd dtcermiied to mtte out et'cin
hinded juslice, nid in a writt en decision
overriled the motioni, .'1nd completely
vindicated the juiry collectively and tihe
ialso the District Attoriy', and showled
Sthat if their princilal witness was abitsent
Sit, was th'eir faiit, i not usingit due dili
Sgetce to olitain the ires'iuce oif ithat wit
st uess. ad in pri claitning tliestselv,'s sadly
fun trial withiit that witness, hle als
siI shlowted th'at hail that witness been prem
ent he wiu'hl only have supported the
ig tceslimotuy tof one or two of their wituess
n es who were pieseit, wlich had only
or tenihlt to invalidate some of the testinto
n- ny introohcusd by the State. After ren
ile derini his decision his Htonor scutencel
ni the prisoners separately, thei Sou, David
n- Gutter. to three years; and Jacob Gunter
o- to six years confinemuent at hIaud lahtor iu
the penit,.ntiary, and to cap the climtx
I- tlie sheriff permitted them to mesape ie
fire he ever moved from Leesville with
them. I've never heard the particulars
of thir etscape aid di not know that it
was due. to any negligence of time sheriff.
We have no jail and the prisomne's w'er,
tug kept ii nu ousmt hbase, and otr sheriff may
tII .ot be in fault. Yours truly,
led _______ON.
't3. Even So, Me Lord,
[Richland Beact ]
ta- The New Orleans l)emocrat is pret
let ty hard on the si-called independent
am- journals ; and it is about sight. Ami
the independtenmt press, that is fearless in
on- the expm'ession of its opinioots- inde
be pendent of.oflicial dictation and the
control of rings and monmoltiis-and
o,,e that will expose wickedness and
fraud r'.gardless of the pltitical faith
or pr[ft, stS.iins of the guilty, is a bless
ing to any country 3or community;
ad- hut one which proclaims itself indh
ical pendent in politics and disoins al
ust legiance to any party, like thie float
wn, ing voter, who votes with w'hat hs
tcan considers the strong side or the one
limitthat pays him the most, subjects itself
ith- to both contempt anl anspicion, is
Ves, very unrelitshle, is not likely to ac
111 cotnplish much imblic good, aid is
heir generally a fraud. In fatct it is hnatly
I to or quite as mutich an impossitllity for
d ti a newspaper as f'or IL politician to bu
LYCS neutral iu poitic.