__________ ý3g aepiýtidiotot
of nnO clique or r 'ing. m'iptu
and the friend ol thii P ,it .
Advertising Bates. -
I q ie." t4 ý,wtl ý; so $li' uo'$15 !)u"$:u ijo
t square.- "" oq 0u l ; 15 nolo l0' 2 .'ý o nuP,
3~~dio +4 Pitip "t tio)! f
yIUMIA I ;J.1 O CR V
sq1 0 Publilhed Every S T \d ! ) Il
, ,,4m su e O11 ,. . . . . . ...-S ubs eript io. ... ...
wf 17i 1u ultý ittr 1, _____
,,.. . , ,, , ,,1 ' . ... ,ý , ý^ , I , :1.5 ,, Oi.. .. . -t-- ... .. . T- M L A W ." "
;wgarw. nn1 i .,.. an T E l EL .RE U14 T11H 1EL TH)I L .UREL W
.Squarrip. . . . . . . . ),o:... -. . . :. .
" t T ie WELFA R E O 1_" TI.. n ' . I r Suh crptioi 1Iii
jq1lirei' t,,ii ollt . :c , I;,. .... One copy six llol li... .. .. . I
squ..ar.es -- Ri rn Sabine, W inn and .,atchitoches:rs e .hL
2'!ii ;U UIol m2l' il 0 1i 5 nnl -P-_a.. . ."s.. . . .. ..
"ij "uar... ,, t, Official Organ of the White Citizens of Red iver, i
15 squstrle 4 n 130 500. vne
ISt lit) r h U
-,,jqilrt.... ........... •lM "- : ...... NATCLIIT(,)-1lt ES, LA., JUNE :2, 187
T ran ie n-t. rst inse,.ion. E...h sul,ýP. V O L . { V .- > - A - I [ \
ý - r t - - p r - i. ..". 1. t ,ll i . tnlt I J ;L l 1ililiV 31 ), 1 ti . t tl k h o w h izlto l - .... ..0_ .YU
Professional Cards.
`;t. D1).,is Strect, NatchittdcMs, l1,a.
ILL )ri , tiri' iI thh ('ourt. (it at 'lh lit h. 1c ý
SS,,i, r, li,'!oto KIed River aRnl in 11,I l t'
Suprelme C('urt of t,, State. a
have
• Wira. IL. JacL,
(K 11¢ L ' no f r t o J . t: S P1 Orlt' w i t
ratel
Attorney aatdl C(tu,selot (ft LI,te fceo
NATC(I TOCHES,, L.A.ah,
chili
Lpractice in the (',un ti of Nltl hitiitch"tt.
abloe, D,.t'tt , tl i' er, W in,. t t.apide , jJ
and G rant. and i ,, th e S ,,j t .e . .t i ti th
sat. Claims prtonlptlV atteinded to.
Aprili l'ti.
Wmi MM. L.aOv ry,
A.ITORI E . -1T LA4J. ame
(l1,i Re"um,'d the Practice of him ProftWe itn. A
UT[ILL practice it the l'arith and Diºitriet
1 Conrts of Natclhitoche.  a in .i l Ruiver 4r
Shpremne Court of Lo uisinna. United States lDik- 4
trict and Circuit Court ot Lonuiviana and I ' and
iourt of C(laii at Washington. cnd
SOtffice in the Lacoste Buiillntig (jPt
Stairs.) J
NATClIII'O('Il'S, LA. beer
May 26, " thin
J H. ('UNNIN(4GHAM.
Sttornft & 0t n tOltor at , Ero,
St. Denis Street, ol
NatchitoeilU,. : : : : .
W ILL give prompt and personal at
tllt on ho all nslnl". entrusted to
his care
Practitce in the lhstrict atii Parish
('tollurt inl the Parishtes of Natchitocheis.
elled Kiver, DeSot anutl SIaline, anItd ieft'ie
the lnprlemt' Conrt a1 Monrloe anld Ne\%
Orleans. ,Jani 5 '-1
Jo11'r B. ROEDRTseO.1',
(Late of New Orleans,)
LTTORNEY & COUNSELOR AT LAW te
('Ot!Hs lAT'I'A. Ord
Tb
RED Ihl'EII PARIS!!, LOUII.IX...
Will practice in Cousihatta, Nat~chito
ches, Manttield, Man.y, and in every part
of North'west L,mnisiana. Special attetu
tion given to LantI eases anlld Sc('Ciessiosi. otl
June 9th, 177-tf.
C. CattiN. C. F. DUIA.\tx KT. T. P. ('I \ ofI l
IHAPLI, DRANGMUET & (HAPLIN,
Attorneys at Lalc, et
NATCHITOCUHES, LA..
DRACTICE in the Distriut Courts of
P Natchitoches, Sabine, DeSoto tiand
Red River and in the Supreme Coulrt of
the State. SMarch 2-ly.
DA. IL. C. SCARIBOROf I H,
ATTORNEY IN FACT.
W ILL practice in the District and
Parish Courts of Natchitoches,
Winn. Habine and Granut.
All bnsiness intrusted to his care will
receive promupt attention.
Office with W. 11. Jack Esq., Setcond
Street, Corner 'l'rudeaiux, Natclitocubhs,
La. Dct. "-ly.
. M. B. TUCKER,
A I'net'!i and Co(risellor at lawr,
St. DeIia Ntrrt, - - .Ntlhbitc:s, IAI.
1UtLL practice in the District iandt Par
ish Cmorts of Natehbitothes, saltine
Dd8oto andti Retd River, anil tlhe ,7ipretme
(anrt of the State.
All hInwiluess entrusted to his care will
receive iiprompt attention. Apr 13-1I
HENRY SAFFORD,
Attorney at Law,
NAT(CHIITOCHES, LA.
Ofi Omce adjoiurning that of Mr. Jack.
SMa 1aSR 4me.
Business Cards.
j, C0. Triohel,
-; -DEALER IN
DRY )000D, GROCERIES, HARD
WaRE, BOOTS and SHOES, HATS,
ETC.
llgbest eath riee paid for Cotton and
Coantry Prid uei.
WASHINGTON, ST.,
NATCHITOCHES, IA.
Q04L, iLJLIRD. N. II.CAMIPBELL
flard &, dampbehll,
-DKALKRfI IN
uIrT GOODS,
" , ,,OCERIES,
HARDWARE,
Addeaeral Merch:iudis.
h1p It LAAIrI Street,.
SNYatchitoches, La.
ss pride paid for cotton and
k ee in Dash or merebandie.
e. IWA ýwtrt t. U. t, WALNSLtY
G0,;t WALMSLEY & CO,
'i t i e ACt'ORI
Pw~bit*, New Odaeaae, la.
Q, 4
rii,.., ,-, mlftOYlll ·1
Itang5 *1,'ttcht from the ait (ellS all I
have and s pecitIonee oat
llnga; deta'che fromn tna cell all r
ritatinu n""ttsr; (hat."+ it to be exlrecto
ratetd, and att e hcie I .t I ho ilFt mirnatlion
which praoducrs thye ,ll. Ar single do~u
relieves the Imlot li l .. ulltC parxtl wlll,
soothes nervoIlldSleao,III(" R1 the urs
ferer to enjoy quiet resl at night. Beinga
pleasant ,ordial. it ton,es ftie' eak ator n
ach. and is sl,.eci.lly rcollllt0ende| fur
chlldren.
What others say about
ITutt's Expectoran t.
Had Asthma Thirty Years.
S BLTMtO'VR, Flet arn V3,I! )R..
"I have had Asthma thirty yeitr', and never lvund
a medicine that had such a hioi v te..Ct.t"
W. F. HOGAN, Charles St.
A Child's Idea of Merit.
"TuttsErpectorant is a falin tr erl nel my anug'.
Ily wife thinks it the best medicine in the world,
and the children s:lv it i 'ncer l.in mon'.t,
candy."' NOAH WOODWARD, 101 N. Poydri. St.
"Six, and all Croupy."
"I am the mother of six chtldr"n ; all o teh m hna.
Sbeen croupy. V'ithout Tutt's Ixpe,tL,rant, I de,
think they could have survived some ol the attacka,.
It is a mother's blessing."
MARY STEVENS, Frankfort, K,
A Doctor's Advice.
"In my practice, I advise all fauilies to kreep Tuht',
Expectorant, in sudden emergencies, for luugiai,
croup, diphtheria, etc."
T. P. ELUS, M.D., Newark, N. J.
Bo5d1 lq W W.rl MlgitS. Price $1.00o. OORioe
35 ld ll ay hSteet, it PYork. o
"THE TREE IS R I BY ITS FROIT."
STutt's Pillo are worth their wcightn'l peoh.u
REV. I. R. SIMPSON, Louisville, Ky.
" Tutt's Pills are aspil blessing of the nine
. eenthcentury."-REV. F. R.OSGOOD,NewYork.
,I have used Tutt'ts or torpor of the liver.
They are superior to any medicine for biliary dis
orders ever madc."
I. P. CARR, AttE Law, Augusta, Gs.
i I have r:sed Tutt's'Pi tlSf e years in my family.
ohey areunel ualetl for costiveness and biliousness."
S F.- R. WILSON Georgetown, Texas.
st• '1 have used Tutt's edcine with great benefit."
'I I hW.e W MANNt Editor Mobile Register.
We sell fifty ox,-Ts tf's Pills tI five of all
L othe."-SAYRE & CO Casrtersville, Gs.
"Tutt's Pills have on to be triet to establish
their merits. They work like magic."
W. H. BARRON, 96 ummer St., Boston.
I Ps "There is no medicine soweli adapted to the cure
of bilious diortlcrs as 'lutt's Pills."
N, JOS. BRUMMEL, Riohmond, Virginia.
AND A TIND MORE.
Bold by rlnngisft. .K cents a bor'. Ojfieo
385 .Murry q Street, Newr York.
of
TUTT'S HAIR DYE
ZZ DOBBED.
HIGH TESTIMONY.
Hs FROM THE PA C('F JOUR VIL.
'"A GREAT IVENTI ON
has hbn ,tad, bv Iit.lr ivr.,if.ew York,
which restores voulthflall hbeauty to tlh hair.
That emitlent hemist has suceerled In
aid producing a Halr Irye which Initatel
Snature t perfection d bachelors y
Snow rejoice.."
Prie $l.o0'). )Ti ,,' 39 lMarns/ St.,
o ii', 0
The Greartest AMIedticil riuslRph of
Mfode;rn Times ! The MllysteriOls
Jck. Channel of isease b iyolrerel,
deal. The Slon ainch.
iv 'to,, I' are W tf
A Theie (lrat. Alti. oillious R imtdy ath
ATS, Miasmatic Dissol ver.
PARSON'S
PURGATIVE PILLS
Are the result of loneg.coutintod Scien
ti ivetiationstgaion, lrtl arte Warrialltted to
e re all o liseEsi:s origiollatilg in the
Stomnachl, 'iver, nldt Bowels. No grip
ing D ains illfo'w the 1ski of those Pills,T
Eutbes thle BoweIR are iutlamed ; but Re
1, lief, I omediate Relief, maly be relit,
upon. As s Common Family l'hysic
PAPSON'S
PURIG A TIVE PILLS
Rh. Stand nneqnaledl before the world to-day.
By varying the dose according to direc
tions, Pareons' Purgative Pills effect.uallgy
Pnrify the Blood and greatly alevite,
if not entirely core Dysnepsila, Scroful
n and or King's Evil, Rose. Erysipelas or St..
idise. Anthony's Fire, Eruptions', and Eruptive
Diseases of the Skin, Salt Rheum. Tet
* ter, Rlngwortnn 8ors, Boils, Tnmors,
MSLUT ?orbid Swellinlgs, Ukerations, Pimples
and Nlot~hes.
EVERY BOX WARRANTED.
Most Complete Satiafaction Onaranteed
or No Pay.
* R?" Full directions sround each boa.
PhyBsicians supplied by mail, peos-paid,
il~$2.50 per thonnild, in blk,, Eah in
advance. We will aeod these Pills to
- any reliabl druggist or merebasnt to sell
on commlsuon, .Agents wanted every
9 wbhre. ,
*, JmfUAlSo & CO.,
Bllli Slll , frderiaean
i·'tig , feed 23.
S------ --- CeInts:
unther C(onlidenltil Letter,. bread. 5
!I.' l.i q ll iI. 1 ý IM \N .I.N",. E.ANI K"O*II 'j'N l .
. i,,on,, 11 . Ni, Y rk S1 n biraud pliaper.1' n the
, ,m t A u: n h-ro, , l .i1..olian . lilld \',
11'h n tir.st we Wtt1'e ,ac,,ll:ult. i nid tifh
iht n vyour jaw is oiled, Jim. i ple
You're telling what you know. d
Awl I an shakin in my ýlhes- eigls.
J,lim AIdesin, d my jo. ei i
clwes, w
.1im Andersoni my jo, Jim. a nPIIal
We planined the iraid thegithe,, two p1
Anl promis'ed that we never woull gaunt,
Go back on ane anither : -eddin
\We utggled the returns, hut. James. f ticki
Jim-lanwes, how could you blow cupy
And peach on me and Rutherfird- their
.ic1 Aderson, my ,jiO elemen
ii allowed
lin Anderson, my jo, Jimt. gaests
I promised we 'ould pay, in the
I°' iut yon despised a clerkship t tere
Three doCllars every day
(lid EvLrts should have sent you offt' white
Consul to Calo-In t
Blit hindsight isn't foresight much. bino a
. irm Anderson, nv i Frenmy
suddei
. im Anderson, my jo, Ji, iof the
'Twls not a fair divide; ing co
Y\'o stole the mule for us and then the da
We wouldn't let yon ride. and ti
And Stanley M., is sick, Jim.
And Hayes is lying low,
And Im the deadest sort of duck, daylig
. ito Anderson, liy .j- 1ons
_._ haired
NAMELESS, Newft
maker
Tle simer sun is on the trees, scold
And nOt a path is shady; Frec
Yon sit within the porch to read, iis Be
A very dainty lady.
And it 's , poem makes you grave,
Or just an old love-story thrust
T Of maiden bright and valient knight slats
%IWho rides away to glory visito
bare 1
Ky. I know the kind of story well ; the o
ie. The maiden's hair is golden, there
. The knight wears armor as they di worn
ds lin days we now call olden. worn
They m'ake their vows by moonlight, maia
Cu. ,dear,
In language rather stilted, duct
And then she pines alone fdr onths, he se
S And wonders if she's jilted. coon,
ter. cock.
all But he comes gayly back, to find upon
She is of maids the truest, the r
iih And lovelier far than maidens are rate.
With even eyes the bluest-
ton. Not lovelier sweet, than you to-day, mire
CUe With sunshine on your bower, rude
inis. A leafy nook, in which you look lifts
The very fairest flower. and i
ed, v
Wonuld I might'read the story too, draft
And chat with you about it; of
Perhaps it's just as well I can't-- oui
Indeed, I do not doubt it,
A pretty picture, dear, you make, trai
And in my heart I'll frame it ; of h
I do not know what you are called, to le
And so I cannot name it. trick
are I
RUBINO, THE BLIND BEGGAR. ti ae
What a Strange History This Mall Hi
Says He Has Had-A Teacher oar
in Milan and Paris Until He crof
Lost His Eyesight in the Siege can
-His Courage-- A Tram i s whe
Queer Hoite in Thomlpson ofa
to el
Street. can
[New York Su.] eg
Bartolomeo Rbino, now a blind pn
beggar in New York, was, hIe says, st
for many years a school-teacher in carr
his native city, Milan, and at onie lo,
time a Conmmuissioner of Education pri
for the subnrb of Corpi Sanlti. When cord
arrested recently hlie was Iplayiog a his
concertina in the street. His two lit- as t
tIe children clung to his coat on eith- ,
er side andt led him along. His long y c
S iron-gray hair is combed smoothly Whi
L back from his forehead, and hie has a did
log-pointed iron-gray beard. A mao
black slouched hat, a red flannel that
I of shirt, a black, fine cloth frock coat, left
bru shed clean and patched in a dozen abol
Splaces, corduroy trowsers and worn two
shloes forumned his costume. Ou his Min
blreast was a little tin disc, painted op
green, bearing the inscription in ion
whito letters :cert
......... . .... .-- · * * Pi.. .
IIIND SCHiOOLMAST'EII . ser
Father of' 6 Chiildren, la.
Victim of the Siege of Paris yea
durig the war of lS7t0-71. be
.. ... .... ........ .........,'''*- ' '*
Rubino is fifty-seven years of age. pyr
Hle has a thin, grave, intelligent face. 'i
Alexander, the little boy, is ten yearser
of age. A mnember of the New York to
lar is anxious to adopt himi. Min- U
nie, the little girl eight years of age, at
is a beautiful child, but has inherited ut
Slight brown hair from her moother, to
in- who is French. The fact that Rubino it
in the was able to pay a fine of $50 for men- No
grip- dicancy and to employ skillful coun- i
ills, sel shows that the "'make.nup" of the I
t n- party was effective. e
elid Rubino and his wife were arrested
i for begging on November 14th, but an
Justice Otterbourg dismissed them V'
with a reprimand. They were arrest
L ed again on the 20th of April by Ed- ta
to-day. ward Chiardi, special officer of Socie- CO
ir- ty for the Prevention of Cruelty so lit'
Children. Justice Bixby sent them
ofula to the Special Sessions for trial. Rn- thi
r St. bino paid his fine, and then his law
mptive ger,G. T. Simonson, obtainid a writii
m. Tet- of habeas corpus to secure the release
nmors of the childeen, who had been con
smples signed by the Court to tile custody of
the 9ociety:.
When Rubino arrived in New York,
'TEa year ago, he went to Innooenti Al- '
drovandi's house, at No. 60 Thomp- b
son street, where he has remained
ever since, proving himself a good
I bo. tenant. The hoase is innocent ofl
'paid aint, the weather-boards are' wast
Pills ing with dry rot, and many of the '
to sell shingles are tipped with moss. The
eeefront room in the groudrLatory, is Al
drovandi's restaurant. On the sooath
side r'ho room is his bar, In frout
of the 'bar 're half a dozen batd,
are oiu dS bearg
Ielt a t follws : "l,ti .tg, 5 'ce t t:" Ja nar
I ll.f-stel: and poll cho p. with po men l{
tatoes nl l an ha loahf' of hlt.ad, 5 sýlnurb.
Cents I:" ' Ieef stew andll half a lo:If of ! discove
bread. 5 ceits :" ".\A large hbt of draggel
solp n id al Iotf of Ibread, cti ts.." shoutee
'l'hi bowls arle verv I;rge. :A halfl Wvaitii i
loaf of lth .read .cighs six oncees. self. '
Inl tilhe no 'y ao\w e are several rooms, tanId I{te
I litlei with hal e Ilanks, six feet longi girls It
;l iltiftee' u in ches wide, laid hltrizoll- ha. al: s
tally on the small wooden horses.l :gllazi
'1hey are plianed, but. no ted clothing 'Pedlag
is placed upotln thiei. 'These are ithe to wh
bedse. lItl-t Wln eti h plank a its papers
neighbor is ;aII intcrval of tifteen in- Mii st
chles, which serves as ia passage. in hadul h
a smlille onc are couclles nmade of ii tihe
two pllhlks each, and covered with He Il
gaunt, rectatignular suggestions o llnorali
bedding, itnclosed in 'dingy ihle slips ties of
Sof ticking. It costs ten cents to oc- shows
enpy one of these beds. With all tie dr
their poverty these rooms have one Foulrt
elemelnt of aristocracy. No negro is
allowed to sleep in them. Colored
guests ale given a room to themselves
in thie bhck of the honuse; the beds
there are precisely like those in the
rf wh ite men's apart ment s.
In the third story or attic live lin
bino and his wife, an energetic little Sce
Frenclhwoman. The stranger, who bered
suddenly finds himself in the middle La., i
of the largest of the five rooms, hav- conse
ing come, as it seems to him, out of lay n
the dark hold of a vessel up a steep t t
and narrow flight of steps, is startled, parts
while his eyes are yet blinking in the what'
daylight, with the scrambling atten- by tl
tions of twenty or thirty little curly- a col
haired white dogs. Overtopping them not
by nearly two feet, marches a stately meat
Newfoundland. Madame Ruobino conV
makes polite lint useless efforts to agail
scold them away with a volley of ed fr
French, while the visitor recovers man,
his self-possession. A big handsome Char
white cock of some remarkable breed State
thrusts his red comb out between the patri
iht slats of a little coop, and eyes the peon
visitor inquiringly. The floor and men
bare refters are black with age, and agai
the occupancy of many tenants, but the
there is no litter in the room ; a well- syst
worn broom stands in one corner. gove
iht, Maidalme observes that her visitor prin
makes much of her pets, and con. the
ducts himt into her front room. Here stril
hle sees each in its own cage, a rac- ple
coon, a monkey, and a second white Dan
cock. Their cages are piled one defe
upon another. On the other side of lie'
the room are several cages of white rate
rats. When all these have been ad. then
mired, Madame takes her guest to a pert
rude box made to hold candles. She N
lifts out of it a mass of woolen cloth, den
and discloses a layer of little red-ear- Sen
ed, white rats,, all trembling in the tht
draft of fresh air. Warm expressions ate
of admiration greatly pleases Madame Der
Rubino, and she tells how she is iv (
training the dogs under the direction bill
of her blind husband. They are not ed,
I, to lead blind men, but to perform opt
tricks. In one corner of the room The
are two light ladders and other pieces prit
R. of apparatus on which the dogs prac- of t
tice. as88
anll Her husband opens the door of the con
large rat-cage and then blows a blast non
ler on a tin horn. Immediately the rats isla
IIe crowd to the door, and as many as mon
e can do so climb up on his hand. It pie
is the intention of Madame Rubino, per
P when she has completed the training '
ison of a number of her rats and her dogs, of
to exhibit them. Then her husband Dei
can assist her, and will not htave to F
beg. of 1
'flhe dogs being in irrepressible wep
d spirits, Rubino took the reporter down sto
ays, stairs to one of the restaurant tables, Si
rn tcarryirg with him copies of II Pungo- at 1
one o, a Milan newspaper, and other ish
lon printed mnatter and manuseript re- ful
Ien cords. He has certificates shlowing ait
his ali ppoiutmentt to various positions of
lit-as teachler ilt Milan and Paris. He
wit- was a teacher of the fourth elementa
lrg ry class in Paris during the siege. lan
hly While living in his cellar, as others ceo
as a did, to escape the shells of the Ger
A man army, he contracted the disease q
nel that destroyed his sight. In 1873 be
oat, left Paris with a daughter, Josephine,
ozen about fifteen years of age, and his
orn two infant children, Alexander and
his Minnie, and went to England. He
ted supported hlimself and lamily in Lou- en
Sdon for a year fby playing on his con- pe
certina, whiclh had costl himi $40 in en
....Paris. It is the same instruoment be a
uses in New York. He also sold hal- dy
lards in the street. At the end of thie li
year he crossed thie ocean and visited all
.. the principal cities of Canada, sup- wi
age. pyrting himself in the same way. He wi
wae.s alwa.ys led about by some mem- ai
e her of hits flamily. Finally lie went kr
r to Now Orleans, where hIe bought a of
Snumber of anituals, including an all- I
i g, wator. He first took them to Quebec, w
ited but after lte arrived there determined be
to take tilem to Paris. Learning that pi
bio it would be chleaper to ship them from de
me- New York, lhe came to this city, bring- he
n.n tug some of the smaller animals with t(
l ie him. Th!e others ie left at the rail- is
road station in Quebec, to be forward- o
eted ed to hIim here. This was a year ago, d
Sbut and Rubino says that he has now it
hem given ap h.pe of ever seeing them. n
rest He thinks they may have been de- b
Ed- tained in the Custom-house. They n
ie- cost him about $450, nearly all the o
l little board he had brought with him Ih
t from Parise. Sinco he has been in l
R this city lie has done nothing at plsay
Slaw- on his concertina in the streets for a
a writ living
elerse An article In II Pungolo of MaYeh 5,
So 1863, eniittled "A Geereas Act," tells
d of how Bartolomeo Rnobio plunged into i
a cinil' to save the life of s womati
ork who had jnmped 1hom a bridge. Both
iAl- would have been drowned had it not
im been. for the, assistance of another
mald Ian. TI'he aste journal, Jane 5, 1868
good relates itst while Rnbino whi walk
t tog with his friePd Oallo, a catalry
ast- sereant, he heard a woman scream
of tIe ing t teqr at a second-story window.
're Smoke *5s pouring out. Gallo dart
s Al- 1rte theor, butt t t was lockeld
R A tatino'cllnbied op the side of the
,n tlitis tld atered the window. He
I bd ii6~ld Othe wormaD show him where to
aid ikatuI , rid was thus able to pat
l UMihe Ire. JA Cronies Griiga of
• r:" ; -' .. : "· . . . .· ·· . " :
" January :3), I 844, ti lls how 1lartolo- ('ONCII
Imeno lubino, while walking ill the a
, slbuiirbs of Milan on Ascension Dlay .
4 discovering two young girls being Atte
Sdragged aloung by three rufftians. lie
shouted for the police, but without
It waiting for them began the tight him
s. self. TIhe rufllians were driven off,
s, and Itobi o took moth -the frightened New
ig girls .to their h n'o s in Milan. iulbini) (rat's 4p
hn h:lso in) his .'si'SSiLn :a copy of a Stu day
4. t "una/ile issned by the Associazione turin
I" Peda'ogice. an educational society About I
he to which Ie Ielonged. Among his negro t
its papers i a celrtiticl':t froln the French waiting
I- Minister of the Interior that nRubino had dot
In I had been granted the right to teach ket. 1
of iii the Paris )oaf and Dumb Asylum. riding o
ith He has another certificate of good were c,
of moral character given by the autlhori- cottou
ips ties of Milan ; und a third certificate feet of
,c- shows that he was entitled to teach fired at
all the duties and rights of citizens in the trees, 1
ine Fourtll Elementry Class in Paris. bullet I
is horse, 1
Ie The a:
res TIE PRESS ON STUBBS. oing ii
de - ascerta
the Ta-ta Old Fellow. had att
M (inden l)emocrat. I oran
ttle Senator Stubbs, it will be remem- act wat
rho bered, was mixed up in the North our bet
die La., Railroad steal, is a man of little headed
yv- consequence, less morals, and can length'
t of lay no claim to any honest sentiment.' the pri
eep But the people in Ward 2 ino his own ing ma
led, parish knew him, and had no respect at Dr.
the whatever for his opinions, as is shown kill.
ten- by their unanimously voting to call all col
rly- a convention. It seems there was were
tem not a man at the meeting so having
tely mean as to vote with him against a They
)ino convention. They were unaninous Arches
Sto against Stubbs' policy and he depart- king
of ed from Log Town a sad and wiser Mr. C
vera man. The names of Garrett and Mr. I
ome Chambliss are well known in the that tl
reed State, and to us they are known as the ob
I the patriots, battling in defense of the in 1
the people against a system of govern- lis8 a
and mont that Daniel Webster warned us the a
and against forty years ago as endangering also 1
but the rights and liberty of our people. A presid
cell- system that fills every branch of the plans
rner. government with useless offices and priso,
sitor princely salaried officials, paid out of grove
con. the hard earnings of the poverty after
Here striken tax payers. Will these peo- to to
rac. ple believe the solemn warning of prisoi
rhite Daniel Webster, who lived and died party
one defending their rights; will they be- court
e of lieve the country press which reite- befor
Amite rates the warning of Webster, or will force
Sad. they follow Stubbs, and his like, to courc
to a perdition and ruin ? this
ShIe We call especial attention to the herd
loth, denunciation of the country press by
-ear- Senator Stubbs. The utterances of
the thnf gentleman, if reported correctly,;
eone are neither dignified nor true. The . TI
dame Democratic country press persistent- tide
ie is Iv opposed the old Radical printing haps
ction bill, and they never expected, or ask- duel
e not ed, or desired any such bill to be ad- the
?form opted by the Demnocratic Legislature. ,,
room The Democrat, which had the State word
'ieces printing since the establishment
prac- of the Democratic State government, after
as earnestly favored a constitutional apon
f the convention, and we vigorously de- two
blast nounced the shorteomings of a Leg- wh
i rats islature [which failed in many of its with
as most solemn obligations to the peo- suc
. It ple], as did any of the country pa- was
ino, pe. the a
i iing The truth is, the Democratic press It
dogs, of the State truly represented the who
band Democracy of the State and the anti- acr
V tconvention and monopoly members nent
of the Legislature did not correctly
irepresent them. This is the true gled
down story in a nut shell. If Senator men
ables, Stubbs lets go his grip on his temper ieff
ngo- at the revolt of one ward of one par- two
other ish against his policy he will be fear
It r- fully hot before this campaign is over
Sanid it transpires that three-fourths clair
itions of the Democrats of Louisiana ate in
. He favor of a Constitutional Convention. auli
eota- We trust that so far as the violent turn
ege. language attrihbuted to him is con- T
thers cerned, Senator Stubbe has been mis- of c
eGer quoted.--[N. O..Democrat. plac
73 he, nett
phine, Peaches. f
id his Josh Billing. Ben
He Peaches and kream will convert at 1
L on- enny man who is worth saving. The wer
S con- peach has a douun like that on a maid- and
e40 in en's cheek, but It ain't half so pleaz- 'I
ett be ant to get onto the lips." Peach bran- as
d lal- dv is made out or the peach; this er
ofthe licker has been called mello, but like had
isited Iall other licker that I have tried, it sur
SsuP- will .lay out a saint, just as flat as it I d
w. He will a sinner. The faikt of it iz, thare
Weem- ain't no kind ov ardent rum, I don't hat
Swent kare how artless and gentle the name mel
ught a of it iz, or how rich and mello you "hb
an ali- ay call it, but will throw him who acr
eebec, wrassels with it, be he phool, or be we
rmined he philosopher. lhare is only one gna
ig that piece of humanity that kan stand ar har
m from dent spirite, and he z an inojan, and rib
bring- he kant stand it only just long enuff
Lswith to get civilised. Whea peach brandy coi
he rail- is flust made it is as hot as a streak shl
rward- ov lighltniOg, and just. about az pd- po
ar, 8Oden. I once drank a teaspooof or o
a now it warm from the:still, and.it Was 0 el
Sthem. mloonutes before I could draw a long gil
o de- breath. I was as hot inside ass chim- mi
They ney on Orfie. I shoughtit weald break
allthe out and blaie pumwhere hmt it idoln't
ith him happ"n to. I went at once and ioined
then in the Murphys.
ant play _______a_
,t for a Understant Them.
Ieah 5, Marksvile Balletin. a
t," tells The arrangement by which the Rad
ed to ical sliers propose to barter saway the t
wom oat olfes i this parish is not at all e' b
e.BBo h eptable to the eoloredevoter As
lion share of the oiers.. They think i
5, ,18 that if pDemocrate want oftice they e
i walk- should seek it in their own party. a
c ctalr S And they begin to see through those a
scream- uen who on the ee of electionas be t
window, comae sweet'conservatives. We wag. I
l e d art- 0 thiat tie colored men of this par
·lloed. ish understand the situation properly.
e ooffte h
weee to The New york Har'ld says that Mat
s theWs and Sherman are bound to go nn-I
('ON'ILIATIO) N IN BIAYO SARA.
A Nation of Negroe~ or Nothini. The
Attempt to Murder the White~,
WAS
A I'errible Retrlmtioln cated I
( N. 0. )houlrat.1 yesterd
New Orleans, Jaune 7. The )cmo- uittee
.rat's special frluon Itay Bara says: On ny of L
i Sunday night last 1)r. Archer was re- taut nu
e turning to his hueuI . from Maj. BIurton's. of tram
About 10 p. in. he was fired on by six everybh
negro men who were lying in aimbush ing. we
II waiting for him. Five of the negroes structii
0 had double barreled guns and one mus. simply
II ket. Dr. Archer was on horseback and iana R
t riding on top of a levee. The assassins certific
d were concealed behind two very large forged
1 cotton wood trees standing within a feBr commi
e feet of the levee and all of the negroes of Lot
It fired as the doctor was passing those No. 1,
1e trees, his clothing being riddled with constit
bullet holes and he was thrown from his States
horse, but fortunately not much injured. tors sh
The assassins took to their heels run- and in
ning in different directions, but it was that tl
ascertained who the parties were who person
had attemped the foul act. On Tuesday all pet
morning a large number of citizens col- of the
lected together at Raccourci, where the list th
Dh act was committed. A jury of twelve of mit a
th our best citizens, most of them old gray sent f
:le headed men, was chosen who, after a tained
n lengthy and thorough examination found Presid
.' the prisoners, five in number-one hav- .paper
" ing made his escape-guilty of shooting tution
ect at Dr. Wm. B. Archer with intent to compl
N" kill. Many witnesses were examined, gard.
J1 all colored, and two of the prisoners ing to
as were allowed to make their statement, was tl
so having requested permission to do so. ed b,
t a They stated that they intended to kill Dr. statul
sus Archer on Sunday night and after ma- these
rt- king away with him they were to kill other
der Mr. C. E. DeJune, Er. Wm. Piquet'hnd fresh
nd Mr. Frank Burton. They stated also They
he that they beloed to an organized club, Vice
as the object of which was to kill the lead- by tl
the ing white men in the country and estab- conta
Sthlis a nation of their own. They gave by tb
is the names of many of their members, recte
ng also the name of their president, vice cuted
A president and a general expose of their no v
the plans. After examination closed the was
td prisoners were conducted to a shady The
of grove by all of the citizens present and Stati
urty after mature deliberation it was resolved the
eo- to turn them over to the law. The curie
iedf prisoners were placed in charge of a come
party and started in the direction of the cy.
be- courthouse, but had not proceeded far velo,
ite- before they were interrupted, taken by
will force and hung, all five of them. Rac
, to courci iesin Pointe Coupee parish. At
this hour, 11 p. in., Gov. Nicholls has D
the herd nothing of this trouble. corn
by Fern
of The May.Bennett Duel. ord
stly,;" they
The . The following extract from a long ar- eva
ticle in the New York Times gives per- rela
sang haps the true version of the celebrated to t
duel between Mr. Bennett and Mr May, tI6a9
the brother of his affianced: of i
are. "The party took their places, and the
'ate word was given to fire. The direction S
sent was to fire at the word "fire," and not A
ent, after the word three. Almost instantly son
onal upon the word Mr. May fired. "One, He
de- two, three!" followed, and Mr. Bennett, cal
who pulled at his trigger, and evidently poll
its with the best will in the world, did not his
ro- succeed in getting his weapon off. He prel
pa- was baffled by the hardness, or rather elec
the stiffness, of the lock. ali
reAs It was an exciting moment. No one fore
the who looked at his eye as it bore straight is n
beacross the angry wound which his oppo- cou
c nent had inflicted upon his facesa few pasm
rtle days before (while his arms were entan- A
rto gled in his coat), could doubt for a mo- iive
ment what he then meant to do; but the of C
per ineffective pistol exhausted the "one, Cot
par- two three" by its reluctance, and drop- the
pa pd harmlessly by his side. the
ver His second at once interposed and mel
te claimed that as Mr. Bennett had suffered cer
i in his risk and disadvantage through no not
io fault of his own, he was entitled to a re- nut
lent turn shot at Mr. May.
co- The claim being according to rule was,
is- of course, allowed, and Mr. May took his
place, empty-handed, before Mr. Ben
nett's pistol. The fatal disk of the aven
ging weapon covered him as the merci-.
less word was given, but the face of Mr.
Bennett changed as he saw his opponent
riert at his mercy, and before the signal words ha
T ie were counted out he had forgiven him
naid- and fired in the air.
,leaz- 'l'lis terminated the proceedings; and d
bran- as the party left the ground, Mr. its
this Bennett, who during the whole affair, th
like had acted on his jadgement, said to the *
od, it surgeon, "Well, Doctor; do you think ti
as it I did rightf" a
thare "I should have been very sorry to he
don't have killed any man who was at my it
name mercy, "was the answer of the Doctor; is
o you "but," glancing at the shining fresh sear o
w ho across Mr. Bennet't's nose-a sear he ps
or be wears to this day, and will carry to his ho
y one grave-added, "but with such a pistol- a
d ar hand a yours, I bshould have been ter- P
and ribly tempted to wing him." e
enuff "At any rate," says Mr. Wilkes, "his t
randy eonduct was generous, and his opponents ii
treak should have been glad to take any res- a
Sud- ponsibility of precaution (if that is what b
a t cv overned thgn) to save him from being si
ii 9 efamed and branded as a coward. Thei P
along gift of a life was worth certainly as d
chim- much as that. i
4ido't A Winter Peach.
folned I-- I
The Petersburg (Vs.) Rurat Me- '
senger thus discribes this fruit, which,
it says,. originated with Mr. James
Hawkinslo, of Dinwiddie. Va., before
the war, and which is called the
eeRad- oHawkins Wiater Peach." Thatgen
ray the tieman has had for moie years tee.
all aE t In full bearing:
r. As "The frait does not begin to ripen
uthe ntil the leaves hu fallean from the
vthink tre Noebei in November; is no way injur
a they ed by the severe frosto of that season,
party. and hangs on the tree until it assumes
Sthose a beautiful red cheek. When ripe
in s be they may be.tpichd -u pat away to
Te wag- be carried to mar1et at ,leisare--as
hiipara any time in November or early De
operly. coimber. 'The fruit i lat (the fist
important item in a mnarkets tpeach),
eolorwhbitish, richjaui and pleasaont
at Ma It will .Ip far ito! vt
go in- out ro aiun. aaJn e .yt,r
POTTER AT WOt)l1.
The Forged Rellluri 1 Is ,,clt It
the ('oullniis ion.
,rASIIINTON, Jun 1111' . T1 A
ciated Press report of t, Ill,,t' , ,lints ,t
yesterday before the liv, si;,ti t ti ('t n -
inittee gave at great l'neth the tc'ttim -
ny of Levisee upon a stale and ni;ilnrful
taut matter, while the real dvel,\nItnt11i
of transcendent importance, :,i, t i h i,."l
everybody in Washington is now tallk
ing, were dismissed in a Irief and Iuin
structive paragraph. 'l'The events1 :are
simply the presentation Iv ti,. it.ui
liana Republican leader of t w ho ett i,:al
icertificates with 1lr. Levi~,ice'e na:,,
e forged thereon, and the countint iv the
r commission of the eight ch.etur:al \,,1.tt
s of Louisiana for Hayes ultpon .iitnt
e No. I, which was outi tih, tllh 'FehralI
h constitution. Article I) of tli l'nitled
s States constitution requires that thi eh'e
i. tors shall vote by ballot tur a lPrsienit.
and in distinct ballots for V\ice I'resident;
s that they shall make distinct lists of all
o persons voted for as President. and of
y all persons voted for as Vice Iresident.
1- of the number of votes for ,ads, -which
1e list they shall sign and certify and tr:ua
of mit sealed. Now the cert ritic:tte tir
y sent from the State of Louisi:na tonl
a tained the list of persons voted fo' as
id President and Vice President in on
v- paper, and not separately as tih, c,,suti
ig tution requires, and wholly failed t,
to comply with the constitution in that re
d, gard. It was, besides, defective in fail
ts ing to contain upon the envelope that it
i, was the electoral vote of the State, sign
io. ed by the electors as required by the
)r. statute. Upon arriving in W\ashn1,gttn
a. these radical defects lyeing atscertained,
ill other certificates were sent for. 'T'heso
ud fresh certificates are in regular form.
lso They state the vote for President and
ib, Vice Presidenit, separately, as rclluired
id- by the constitution, and the envelol'
bb- containing them is indorsed as required
ive by the statutes, but these lists thus car
rs, rected, I am informed, never were exe
ice cuted by Levisee at least, and therefore,
ieir no vote as required by the constittitioll
the was ever cast by him, as there stated.
sdy The certificate of the Secretary ot the
tad State of Louisianna that Levisee signed
ved the same, is therefore false. It is a
rhe curious fact that these matters have
a come to light through Republican agen
the cy. It is said that other and worse de
far velopments are tot follow.
ac- Latest News.
At
has Democratic members of the Potter
committee are comparing Senator
Ferry's testimony Saturday with the rec
ord of the electoral count. They say
they have caught the Senator in two
evasions in regard to Louisiana; one
relative to identifying messengers, the
other surreptitiously opening the rett'us
to ascertain the irregularities. Repub
licans have strong hopes the testilony
the of Mrs. Jenks will overthrow Andtlerson.
tion State consols are down to (iS cents
not A reporter interviewed Henry Watter
nty son of the Louisville Courier Journal.
)ne, He said it was right to show up politi
iett, cal corruption, but thought it was ito
titly politic to disturb Hayes. When asked
not his opinion of the resolution Butler has
He prepared declAring that a presidential
ther elector having sworn that his signature
affixed to the electoral certificate was a
one forgery, resolved that the title of Ilayes
ight is null and void, Watterson declared he
po- could not see how Congress could avoidl
passing the resolution if offered.
tan- A Washington special says S,.ncer's
wo- investigation resolution is the otliriig
,the of Couklisg,,snd incomnmittee althoirized
one, Conkling to be hairlnman. Thlle pith ,f
rop. the proposed inquiry is in reftlnce, to,
the overthrow of the Packardl gver
and meot and recognition of Nicholls. SItu
ered cer says he wished the counitteo to, b'
no non-partisan, consisting of' al equ1al
Sre- number of Democrats aunld lI.publihc:s.
k his Letter from Caddo.
Ben
ie N. O. Democrat. 1
cri- Our fellow-citizen, the
nent HON. JOHN C. MoNCII:'L,
vords has been numerously solicited fro ni all
him portions of the State to become a canid-
and date for State Treasurer. I can:autatur
Mr. itatively state that he is a candidateo for:
fair, the position, and.that his nam.e will be
the submitted to the Baton Rouge eotvbn
hink tion for the nomination. North Louis
ana will be a unit for him, and I aplpre
r to bend that he will encounter little oppyo
ny seitim in the convention. Major Moncure
tor; is widely and favorably known thrtugh
scar out the State as a gentlemalnu of exalted
r he patriotism, brilliant and varied talents,
o his lofty courage, incorruptible integrity
stol- and unsullied private character. He
ter- possesses great powers as a public speak -
or, and his Democracy is of that cast
"his that towers above suspicion. Ilis nom
nents ination would be a platform in itself and
y ree- a herald of assured victory. It is due to
what hinmi that he should be placed in lthe po
being sition to which he was elected by the
The people in 1874, and of which he was
ly as deprived by the machinations of the in -
famtuous Returning Board. It is pclu
liarly fit that he should be selected as
our standard-bearer at this jun.ture,
and no more stinging rebuke could be
Me- administered to Radicalism in this State.
which, than his .triumphant election.
before Couvention or no Convention.
gea- [Cmol Conservative.]
Will undoubtlybe the main issueo at
ripen the next election. A very large mnajor
a the ity of thepeople of our State arre deci.
njurdedly in favor of a new constitution.
' Therefore let the;work he done and the
-snime old "rattle trap" manufactured, under a
Srpe different order of things to what now
ay to exist, be east aside, and a Copstitution
5 for the whole people take its 'place.
he filet tch Work:ou such an importaint puplie.
o l)document as the State Constitution will
ee) not be productive of any good, and t,
ea kour judgmelit A t1* iuihis& moeasure.
SWe are opposedto amiendments 'u s a
snUstitut for a. new Convertioun.
.. . ' ,;j
, ,;