at ver I n l. iatesI i\ a [ "
S,ý,":"'., ,11,1,11,1, ,",,,' ,,,I .I,, ':"" TlTHE WELFARE OF THE PEOPLE 1S THE SUPREME L A. ,
S. .. . . V..... H l' . .....I.
11 ,v, . .... .... ,. Official Organ of the White Citizens of Red River, Sabine, Winn and Natchitoches Parishes.
. ,., .., Es VO,. II. N L. U NATC]IT-1IIs, L,, AGU'l', 177.
SI I A. I I n I
_ . . . . . . . ..cr. .. : ...l. .7 g. .- - -
B-SilNESS DIRECTOR Y.
K.\ll NF:unilv (roet hies, Corner 2,! and '1
It. _lh' 21ril _ .---7
. Church Stn et.
'ER I-''Thei N'ew Stand ller ' arldn
'_ I.'%'- L t,.{alralit, St lh il ,`ltrey t.
C.
S,;EX L1IEI-- Nututy Public, St, Dnills
.. 'lrcI.t. __-
B .1,rt al, ',u \aer, St. lenist street.
LFl)W\VRIIITIi & \V.11 -W1Voodwork liind
lilacksmiithintg, Corner 3d Litt Sibley ,ts
tiiHt(0A-, iu. a nd\ Pi.tolols told, uladt and
Slepaiell d,i St. l)en lis Street. ..
D LLA tII) & 4iAMPiBELL-.M. rlandis and
i il'ltattimol Snpolial, Firont street. S
i11[A!PLINCI,",'lNH 1.M , '[N~-. C
S/&t trne'ys at Law. Wsint stre
10,11F;yI.1N [InVY--Fanily (troieies and
(% ineral lerchanildil,, Front street.
1.sillPi & Itl'ICTI-1)r Good(ils, tGr.
cries and I eral l erchalndiiz. iSole
E-l;; I AZlA.--Familily glroeriesC, underI
yltsui c ,t Ldg, e4t1 St reet
ý--- FT'O-SN \OrTl)-Planters. IIhotel--F; ...ite ii
G . farm lr'' aiti sl'alglit'.' iitrt Sl. lhI lli.i
1 IIIN - Bolti and Shloes iade and repatir
G. el, it. Ienli.i Street. th. .
-EORGiE W, .KE.\AlNRY---Recorder anIld No
tary Public, Court House, 2d street,
ENRK Y ,EVNIUS--Charter Oak Stovces and
Tinware. Front Street.
KAFFEE-..Dry Goods and Groceries, Front
H street.
LITCIITENST'IIN-Genral assortmnnt (
H* Dry Goiods anld Groceries, Iront street .
TI ARRIS JAFFA..-I)ry (ioods and Groceries,
J. Front street.
-EIICY Surveyor. St. Ienis4 treet. te
T SIMOX,--)ry Goods and Groceries, Wash- 11
H. inlton Street. &
I JACOBS--l)rv" Goods and Groceries, below
. the Dirt bridge, Jefferson Street.
OIIN RUSCA-Drv Gods anid Groceries,
b lotw the Dirt bridge, Jefferson Street.
T O.GE\OE & CO--Dry Goods anld Groceries,
Washington street.
TAS. (GENIUS-DrV Goods and Groceries,cor
Sner Jettlrson and Amulet Streets.
T W. SUDDATII--The Phnenix-Choice Li
, qngors and Cigars, St. Denis Street 1D
TAS. M. IP. TUCKER-Attorney at Law St.
SDenis Street. ..
TAS. KING...Watchmaker and Jeweler, St.
SDenis street.
J DUNC(KLEM AN -.Harness and Saddlely,
SWsl.lagten strlret.
J TC. TlICIIEl--Goueral MtSrchandize,Wash
Sin"ton street.
_ DUCASSE--Gieneral Assortmuent of lcr.
* chandlze, Washlington street. .
J I. STEPEil s -nlmber ;Yard, intlersect ion
SJ.Frlontt, .Lafayettte alnd Washington streets.
T- J. ,i 1OK & llRO.--GelnTral Wh'lroeale
Sand lletal l Dealer a1nd solo Agenlt for Wag.
onelS, Waslhilngton street.
4 4A D IU-llIINV.\-Flntt and Staple Dry
I; o t, ho o ti , S hi o es , h a.t s a22 2 1 1 C l ot h i n g ,
]rmlnt street Ce
CARTE.--Th GCoi Bar Roolm, choice
L wVlns, Liqiors aid1 Cliars, Front street.
TEVY& PIIILIPS-FIIll sttiock Fancy and22
t'1iI1e 1Dry Goods and Groceries, Front st.
L DUPLEIX..-Land Agent, St. Denis street.
ORSE & DRANGUET.--Attorneys at Law,
S1 street, corlner T rlaln,
M II. CARVER-)Dry Gtoods. Groceries andl
X General Merchandlizte, Front street.
O CHAFFPRATII-H-oot antd Shoo Maker,
, St. Deuits Street.
O CAPMARTIN-Goneral assortment of
SGoods of all kinds, Jetferson steet.
p VEULEMAN - Undertaker, Washington
" Street.
p POETE--Baker, Jefferson street.
P, VEiLE A.\N- Ft ily and Plantatiottl
SGrocories, Washlingtoln street.
S8. CALVES.-Deontlist JeffLerson street.
. Ew.BURKE-Cl,:aT ,:,mlily and WestI,,,
3 Grocery Dealer, Front street.
D P. HUTSON--Livory, Sale and Fod Stable,
t. St. Denis Street
S NELKINS- Dry Goodsl and Groceries, Jeff
, erson Street, below Dirt bridge.
S WINBIARG--General Merchanldieo, Pt an
.Uatia and Family Supplies, Front Street,.
f PONS--Dry Goods and Groccries, Wash.
n Ington street,
T LACOSIT-DrDttggist and Apothocary,Front
*atreet.
T. HALLER-Buk's Brilliant Stores and
* Tinware, Washington Street.
UT BARNET--Dry Goods and Groceries,Front
S* street.
Ti TAUZIN-Blliard Ioom and Bar, Front
_* Street.
UI AICHUMAN-Wholesalo and Retail Mter
a*ehmnt-general assortment for the trade
et street.
S ITB JACK.-.Attorney at Law, 2d street,
'e * eerier Triidan.
Wlt~l .OST--Boot and Shoo Maker, St. Denlt
° B POWRLL-Phyalcain and Surgeon,
Sl*SI.Deal. Street.
Professional Cards.
M. A. Dunn,
Physician and Surgeon
Monutomery, La.
*. J. cUITJ.W1&OHd.1,
ATIORNEY AT LAW.
44 Carondet Street, Nxw ORLEANS, LA.
'W,L tteuA the June pad December terms
otf h Distriate coune at his old home
Natchitochs,
Wm i . MaJaol,
(Successor to JAct & Pntfsao)
Adtetorey and Conselor at Law
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
LLpratict e in the Courts ofNatehitoches
&bbne, De8oto, Red River, Winn, Rapides,
Grant, and in the Supreme Court of the
laims promptly attended to,
Wrm M. Ievy,
ATTORNEY AT LAW.
lettmd' the Practice of his Profeasion.)
pratise ir the Parish and District
of Natehitoches and Red River,
4t ofLouisiana. United States Dis.
Circuit Court of Louisiana and U. S.
' CCUhim at Washington.
, residenco on Second St.
NATCIITOCHES, LA.
9 1877,
MI}ORSE & I)RlRNGUET,
.I 'TOI E YS .1 i C('0S"NSELIORS . T
L.I IW.
Ollice on, Sc..ond Strt'ct,
NAT'I'(ITOCIIES, LA.\
May 26; 1"77.
C. ('haplin. J. II. C( nnlilghal . T. P. ' haplin.
CHAPLIN, CUIN INGHAM & CHAPLIN
AUttoriy8s titul Coutnselors at Latw.
St. Denis St., Natchlitoches, La.
d ILL practice in the courts of Rap-i
ides, (rant, W'iun, Saline. DeSoto,
1 Recd River and Natcthitoches, antl the
Sutprenme Court of thile Stat'.
t Claims promptly\ attended to in any
- pairt of the Ullion. March 25-ly
JonIIy I. ROBERTSOA,
(Late of N w Orleans,)
ATTORNIEY & COUNSELOR AT LAW
( 'O1S 11 A'"I'A,
11RED RII°EI: P.1 R1T, LOCISLly. . .
r. Will practice ilt Coushatta, Natehito
ehe.i, Mantield. MaI:tn, a:lll ill every part
of North-west Louitsinna. Speci:al atten
tio, givenll to Land cass and Snlccssioll.
June thl, 1, l77-tf.
Dr. W.T B. Poweo 1
MEDI)ICINE and SU RlER.
lt OFFICE on ST. DENIS STREET,
NATC'IIII'OCIIES, LA.
SCalls to the Country promptly at
tended to.
Itit'vis to 1)rs. F. .lohtson..T. S. Stctil, ' n, ('C.
h Hamlin sihl G. E. Gillespie. Mt,rs Brullard
&( C'anmlbell, Carver & T'aylor, Trichiel & .\irey
and Col. R. E. unrke.
April p.-.y
Business Cards. F
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
C. A. BULLARD- N. II. CAMPBELL
Bullard & Campbell,
-I)PEALEIRS IN
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
IIARDWARE,
And General Merchandise. th
Corner FRONT & LAFAYF.TrrE Street,
aitchitoches, La. lot
UT1-GIIEST cash price paid for cotton and
-I conutry produce in cash or merchandise.
March 5 -ly.
Theo. Shouznanm , c
-DE.LEI. IN
DI)Y GOODS,
GROCERIES, and
{GENERAL MERCHIIANISE
Cor. FRONT and ST. LDENIS Streets
Natchitoche's, La. 13
t March 25-y.
L
Peter VTTouleman,
t. --IEA.LE IN
FAMIL Y GROCERIES
1A full assortment of WArL-P.lPEsI con
stantly on hand.
rSex,al inducements to CAsu Customers.
of WASHINGTON STREET,
Natchitoches, La.
'n March 25-Iy.
-------------------------------
... . C. Triohel,
- -I)EALER IN
a DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, IIARD
WARE, BOOTS and SHOES, IIATS,
ETC.
Highest cash price paid for Cotton and
Country Produce.
WASIHINGTON, ST.,
f- NATCHITOCHES, LA.
a.R. E. B'LI.IIRE ,
-h. -dealer in
GROCERIES
FRONT STREET, Natchitoches, La.
e O. Shaifrath,
Boot and Shoe Maker.
mit
C HALLENGES the world for neatness
and durability of work. Satisfacti '
do and material guaranteed
Shot) on St. Denis St.
C. L. WA~blBLK.Y. . M, WALM.V.Y
C. L. WALMSLEY & CO,
COTTON FACTORS
.-AND-
GENERAL COMMISSION MERCHANTS.
Perdido St., New Orleans, La.
March 25-Iy.
Oscar Chopin;
COTTON FACTOR
-AND
COMMISSION MERCHANT,
No. 65 CARONDELET ST.,
July 1-lv New Orleans.
T. S. FOSTER JR.,
WITH
ORR & LINOSLEY,
-MANUFACTURES AND JOBBERS
BOOTS and SHOES.
ST. LOUIS, MO,
July 14-6m.
I, D. WORRALL,
WITI!
SIMMONS' HARDWARE CO.,
-IMPORTERS OF
HIRDIWAR'E St CUTLERY
ST. ,OITIS, MO,
July 14-6rn.
Caspari & Ditrichl, i
(La o, +s h aildin:
FI)ONT St., NATCI'ITOCIIE'lS, L-a.
in I
t(tlll
1R:ANI) opening of a NEW MAM110Tl wit
SPlIl(NG and SUMMIERlI STOCK,
direct from the New Orleans and Easter ilar. u
kets, consiisting in'part of 1pa1
DRY GOODS, It (
CLOTHINGC, ent
IIATS,
11001'S,
81HOES, atit
I)e
GI O('ElIES, Joi
('lCRO('KERY, It
IIAIRD- I1
VW ARE,& e ( , . crze
C'C(
LAI)IIS ANI) GIENT'S' t
' F'URNISHING GOODS. of
l nI tact, ti
A full line ofGOODS for the country trale its
All of which they are selling at less than NEW I,
ORLEANS PRICES 11(
L FOR CASHI. so
Call and examine the largest and most cot tm
plete stock ever brought to this market anti
satisfy yourselves as to their prices.
_ Highest plieI paid for ('otton and coon
try proltuce, in casht o! nm rchanudise
March 25--tl.e
lYI. tH. CARVER. <
FRONT STREET,
Natchitoches, La. to
For the FALL and WIN- o
TER Trade. Pi
NEWV GOODS ! to
New Goods ! ! t(
THE entire stock is Ietter and more s
Iselect than aly,- every introduced into I1
this market, an1d having beetn purclha.ed Ill
with CASII, can be sold lower than the w
llors(Ct. to
.'l The Motto of the Firm is to sell if
CIIEAI'ER THIAN TILE CHEAPEST. ti
L1, p Call antd examine our stock, which
consists ill part of 11
CASSIMERES,
JEANS,
TWEEDS,
KERSEYS, I
ts PRINTS,
BROWN & ILEA'TIIED COT'rTONS,
LOWLLS e
LADIES' I)DRESS GOODS, a
, TRIMMINGS,
BLANKETS, t
Woolen Goods of all kinds.
- BOOTS,OES, t
Ies. LAI)IES' und GENT'S. HATS
Clothing, a full and Complete Assort
luent.
.-. Crockery, Hollow & W il
low Ware.
RD- A full line 'of FANCY and FAMILH
TS, GR(OCERIES, WINES, IIQI'ORiS. &C.
Books, Stationery, &c., &c.
and In fact
A FIIESII and select stock of goods always
on hand, which having been purchased on
a cash basis enables us to offer extra induce
A. ments to cash buyers.
Highest cash price paid for cotton and other
produce, antd liberal advances made in cash
S merchanlise on consignment
orMarch 25--tv.
Mrs. C. PAJII..Y,
Former Proprietress of No. 7
Carondelet Street
HAS removed to No. 4 Baronne Street,
I Corner Canal. Being very thank
fiul for past favors bestowed by her
c country friends, and especially those, of I
the Red River parishes, she now solicits
a continuance of their patronage, and
having better facilities and the finest
located house in the City, she hopes by
proper care and attention to secure the
Spatronage of her friends and the public.
The low rate of $1.50 per day is charg
ed for Board and Lodging.
.A. 7e, I-eaem e,
NOTARY PUBLIC.
(Office under Vindicator Office,)
ST. DENIS STREET,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
April 29.- ly.
JOSEPH C KEYSER,
Brickmaker and Layer.
IS PREPARED to do all work entrusted
to.him quickly and in a workmanlike
manner. Tomnb, Chimneys, Cisterns and
other work solicited.
Orders left at BULLARD & CAMP
BELL'S will be promptly attended to.
Jan. 27, ly.
FROM HER ASHES.
The Phoenix has put on new life and now
caters for public favors.
J Warren Suddath
has taken charge and DAN now dispenses
the choicest
BRANDIES,
WHISKIES,
LIQUORS,
C1GARS,
&c.
r RICH ST. LOUIS BEER ON DRAFT.
Don't forgeot, ye thirsty, the Piuszx
n St. Denis Street.
Feb. 21.1]
Lou!si1a P'oltics.
"FmtEI:IA;I. INTEI":REIiFNCIE' AND ITS R'- A S.
St'ILTS.
Albaiy Argn. To
Louisiana has been a leading issue been
ill Federal politics, from the first at- scient
tempt to set ulp a State governliiet acnt
I without electing it, until the present ftici
momnent. This hIistoyv has beeu re- velop
Speatedly written, and need not be somet
I again reiterated. From the first gov. Crtous
ci ernment to the last the Republican fully
party has never admnitted the right of A c
the people to otlicers of their choice, torest
It does not now admit it. The prIs- a lul
cnt administration make no such con- going
COne'ssioi. Road
The friends of Hayvs olodertake to AitLe(
say that in overthroting the Pack lh1ang
aid government he steppeld upon exa
D)emocratic ground. The Ereniny Mars]
,oiural takes this absurd position. Yo
It indeed :sserts that in denouncing tiotl
)- I layes, the A rguis is opposing I)emo- Loui:
cratic doctrine and I)emoceratic pre- the p
cedtcnt, and leve rsing its own recent his si
teachings %\ith regard to this State of tli
of Louisiana. It is unnecessary for excit
us to say that in taking this position tirint
the Journal is renewedly illustrating the s
* its irresistible propensity so ilagrant
Sly followted tnow that some of the Itobl
most conscientious of its political as- her f
sociates condemn its lack of candor.
No more wanton interferance in whe
the attairs of a State over took place excit
than that by which Iiayes overthrew s"rt
the Packard government. It was ev- TI
idently his purpose not to admit that et;
he hadl no right to intet fee. lie dle- kept
termined to adjust matters throughi solic
maclhinery set up by himself, in to- well
tal disregard of law, and -wholly out. pot
side of the constitution. To call this that
a democratic way of doing things is Inity
" to confess one's recklessness or lack the I
of perception. Iurr
S Further, to charge that the I)emo- the 1
cracy deny that t is the dtuty of a sliit
President to pass upon all applications aron
for Federal action in State affttairs, is (calsn
to degrade intelligence, alike in read- car
er and wi iter. And let this is what juad
the Joutrnal does. It might as well sati
ore say, if a forged or a genuine check is eye
ito presented at a bank, that the teller the
std lmust not pass upon it, as to say that tion
the when an application for Federal in- con'
terference is nlade, the Presidetnt the
must not pass upon it, extending it boot
if the case conies within the constitu- iod
- tion and denying it if it does not. col
ich Federal intetterence in Louisiana 11011
has been denounced in the past, be- ring
cause the flcts did not warrant it, imu:
and because the law did not author- ure,
ize interference in the manner exert- A
ed. 'The Leg.islatures of 1872 and to I
1574 were alike the result of fraud, or Y'OU
force, or both. In I74-, ano'iheiLeg- I
islature was set up by forged papers. and
In I:'71i, it was again attempted to tha
,LS establish a Legislature by forgery, zed
and to secuire presidential electors by (tit
thnesatie means. reti
In 176 Mr. Hlayes superintended of
the p1reparation of his own forged !º(º'
title, through Jno. Shlierman and other ait
agents selected by him. These agents tUr
he has paid by v'ahluble considera- taL
tion. lIe then, by moral bribary a s
Tshut the mouth of Win. 31. Evarts, a C
who had most biterly assailed pre- tin
sort ions wrongs agailst the State. Ilav- tlt
ing secured the forged papers upon ihai
which his own title existed, Ilayes an;
hi- then obtained a jtudlment" that the cal
forgery could not Ie set aside. He no
now seeks imumunity from punish- c~
ment for the forgors. fet
S Not only did Ilayes do this. HIe' on
wC. entt further. Hlaving secured his Yo
own forged title, hie nactively inter- as1
feted to subvert a State govenmuent iha'
whose title rested upon the same ar
ways forgery. And now we are told that n
e o this interference must be defended ir
Idace- because it was in pursuance of D)e- k
rmocratic doctrine. The pretext is a
tahe stupendonRs falsehood. Al
h If Mr. Tilden had not been cheated ti
out of the presidency by the forged th
papers presented by Hayes, the Nielh- hi
*, oils governmlent would have been tl
continued without any illegal inter- l
o. 7 ference or unconstitutional circum- je
locution. But Hayes wished to pre th
serve the right of Federal interfer- fi
hnk- ence in State affairs, and hence lI a
y her thus interfered indirectly. If Ie had s
iosu of respected the rights of the State or
olicits of thIe people, lhe never would have
, nid laid claim to the presidency upon a
finest forged title, and if he respected law I
hCS ble never would have taken illegal
re the methods to subvert Packard's govern
public.
charg- tnent.
It is tile duty of every honest man
- to denounce this forgery and all who 1
P are responsible for it as utterly un
worthy of moral respect. Hayes 1
.0. could not have takeu tihe course he '
did with honest purpose. We canu
)iice,) understand how Rlepublicans can
honestly stand by the Returning I
Board villaiuy, under the hallucint- '
L. tion that it was authorised by law I
and justified Iby "outrages" ~hlich
never occurred, but which tlhey ihave
been made to believe did transpire.
But we do not see how a man can
cr. deny the binding force of the acnets of
the Returning Board, as Hayes did
trusted when lie set thIe Packard. govertrnent
raulike aside, and yet honestly deem himself
us and entitled to the .presidency. IHayes
knows hlie isa lawless usurper, rest
CAMP- ing his title upon forged papers, for
S preparing which the forgers ought to
be in piison. Having set aside the
result of this forgery in Louisiana,
ES. hie ought now to be legally branded
Sno as standing upon a paper foundation,
tihe product of as graceless a set of
scoundrels as ever understood to steal
property by forged and fraudulent
S title ; and the national results of the
forgery attained in his inanguration
Sought likewise to be set aside.
An unfortunate, truth-spleaking
child was not tar out of the way
', in applying a general termu to the
)A. name of an article in saying to 'a
gentleman caller that her sister
couldn't see him "because she
Shad her dressing slack on."
Remarkable Escape.
A Sleepm:n Boy Deserts a MTIov- i
ing Trainm.
To whatt solunatbulism is dul has (ea
Sbeen a sulnlch t of discu.sion amnon]' n
_ scientific minlls at all times, without 1
It accord or remedy. The fiakls and ilml
t fancies of "'sleep walkers" have de- sc,
. veloled incidents al\lys iltcrct sting, thi
sometimes most titamusing not Inli :wa
crous and sometimes sadly and pain- of
f fully excitiig. the
A ca&o of more than ordinary il 1'ot
toreest occuirred a day or1 two go oil out
.a Pullman palace car upon a south wa
g going train on the Iron Mountain Li,
Road. The subject was a young man hot
, sixteen years ot age, son of Mr. str
lhiigliu, imaster rncllhanic on the mu
'Texs Pacific Road, and residing at de:
I Muarshall, Texas. pot
n Young IIanglin, in charge of his to(
, rother was returning hoimie front St. to
.: Louis, where he had been at school so
e- the past year. Hlis rmother knowing t\\n
it his sol natnibulistic inclinations, andi gu
te of their special d(Cvcelopmetnt in the au:
ur excitemtent of traveling, hbcfrt, re- Ip(
I tiring for the night coinruanite;ated w\\
Sig the samie to tihe conductor, aid -x- 1c
t pressed hier fears for his saflty.v Capit. la;
Ile Robb, the conductor, at once relieved tct
. her fiears by making his porter .aith- col
r. man and assigning hiiin a position h,
in where egress frou the heth of the ki
ec excitable youth could could be ob- e C
Sserved. i ti
r The night woic on and all was qil- mu
at et; still the porter "watchful vigil til
Skept." The m)other, wakeful front th
h solicitude for her sun, even though so ki
Swell guarded, felt impelled to look in 1
t. upon hii, 'to satisfy her foolish fears .n
is that all was well," and took opportu M
is nity Inlon the temrpolary stopplling ofi h p
ck the trai at a station. Imagine her w
horror at finding his lied vacated, of
o- the berth without its occupant. The ed
f a sIlicks of the 1inw distructed mnotlher bi
ils aroused her fellow-passengers, and in
is called officers and emplloyes of the,
td- car to her side. Diligent search was fi
rat unade Ihroughout the long train to tI
ell satisfy the nmother only, for the quick at
is eve of the conductor detected at once to
Icr tihe open window of the youth's sec- s
at tion, and was alive to thle sickening 4.
in- conviction of a violent death, and to A
mut the belief that all that was left the h
it mrother of her son was a mutilated el
tu- body. Hlo concealed, however, hisj t
convictions, desiring by continued
mna hope, alternating with her feats du
be- ring the short time before his fate
it, niust be known, to break, in a meas- -I
or- ure, the great shock a waiting her.
Srt- A hand-car and men were provided
utd to nmake with her search for the lost
, or yo tlh.
eg. 'le journey was mnade in silence
ers. andti dread, each mioilentll expectant
to that their worst fears would be reali- p
ty, zed. At length the, whole route
by (fromt the place where le retired) was
retravelled without discovery or sign 1
ed I of remains. hlope brightened in the
ged possible chance of his having escaped
ther at a station on the way, and they
outs turned southward againl, halting t,
era- make inquirty at every station where t
,ara- a stop had been made. At length at I
arts, a country house by thle way, where
pre- Umusic, aucing and merr'y-miaking was
lay- the order of the night, they were
Ipo hailed with the inquiry if they knew
ayes anything of a lost boy. Entering t he
the cabin the youth was found, thoughr
lie not in full party dress, quite uncon
ish- cerned and enjoying fully the rustic
festi'val and dance. A '"section hand"rl"
Ie on his way to thie dance found the
his young rman in hIris night attire, sound
ter. asl'eep by thre track, allparreitly as ihe
reut had droppled from tire train. Ie was
ame aroused with difficulty fiour his soiiund
that nap, and foundr to be without irurry
ndled or scratelh from hris fall, arid witrhott
D)e- knowledge even of his leap fromu, or
is a having been left by thie flying train.
At thire alspot where Ire 'was founid tihe
ated train was runninig at tihe rate of
rged thirty five mriles per Ihour. Nine
.ichi- hundred and ninety rnine ceases in a
been thousand a person in a normal condi
tter tion would Ihavb be'u nraslredl to a
cutir- jelly from the fall. W'hat protected
pmr this youthl in hiis abinor Iral condition
rfer from bIruise ur scratch is a mrystery
rcc h a piroblcmn to be left to wiser Iheads to
ilad solve\'.-St. Louis Reputblicanl.
How Custer Died.
IIOW\ARD'S VISIT TO StTTING BULL AND
WIIAT TIHE INDIANS TOLD 11111.
[New York Tribune.]
Howard talked with the camp fol- [
lowers regarding the Custer massacre s
and disclosed some new facts. This f
body of hostiles, or a portion of it, I
was with Sitting Bull in that bloody t
affair, and thus the story that Ilow
ard relates may be depended upon-
as they, not suspecting his mission
among them and in consideralion of
his residence among and relationship I
with him, talked to him as one of t
themselves. They state that many I
of Custer's men were killed by mount
ed Indians, who ran over them and
f killed them with their knives. The
poor fellows were huddled together
here an there and fought at great dis
h advantage yet they killed a gleat
many of their assailants, fighting
desperately to the last. Sitting Bull
assorted that the battle lasted but
thirty miuutes all told, ending with
the death of Custer and a few men
and officers who had rallied around
j him. This forlorn hope had gotten
off some distance, and could have es
t caped ; but, unfortunately, Custer
I changed his mind, turned, and or
t dered a charge, and the devoted par
e ty rushed upon the Indians with re
volvers, shooting down the astonish
ed savages right and left. Custer
killed five himself, when his pistol
emptied, and the foe pressing about
him, he closed with a grappling say
age, and beating out his brains with
the butt, was shot as his victim fell
i to the ground. The doubtless true
`story supports the theory advanced
r by military men at the time of the
C nnmssaeme---the idea of sonic desperate
finl ... ct,,f r cl",,i'qnlf ?:[1ºTOI' fr,., the
po'sii lltji iollan locitioi of the groupl of "i t
iodies abouiit Cu(ster, viz.: that le,
s ein;., his conumnad annihilahted, and
fearing to Iface the conseqniuencis or
scorning to live when his soldierw hiy
s dead about hiin, h:Il deliberately
g' iu-Ihed to certain dlethl it
it Hlls body was: not recog',izcd at
S itst, te. Inldia s tllikinig him i t
- selit ; but beig Soonl idelititied, Ill
I that rcainiied ol the famous General
I was plopped ulip iagainst the corpsi's t
of two soldtIs, 1and1 soi left to ireceive i
the advalciln g lint too hite troopts.
1Poor Toim C hst1'r hIeatL \i; s not cuti
ii out, as previously reported, but he
h was barbarouly killed with kuivcs.
in Lieut. Sturgess was knocked oiff isi
nl horse, hLot and kitld,* .his body
F. stripped and thrown into the rive. It
In ust he Stargks:; death which is tlhu.
at described, as the Indli:au tell of this i
poor fellow as ta yonlg waarl ior whoi
is rode with a builekskini coat sitraplped t
t. to hiis saddle, and it is kniown hie w\\
l so eqlippled. They also reilate Illthait
ig two soldieirs, Iwho threw down tiiheir
Ai guns anid surrenldered, w\ere set free
ie' aId advised "'to retuini to tlihei lipe
a- ple aiid tell thei and the whites t
id wou\ld llt the hSioux alone." TheI
- t lor fellI\is left, but the inex
t. day, lprobaibly crazy froni friight, at
Lel teilipttd to retllrn, w'he they e- I
1- countered smie Indianls who hadl
in liee en riggeil agoliust Relino, iliii \rt
hie killed. Iowalud recognize.d 11111ny
b- Custer troliiics inl the ea inl , aiiioii n,
Sthell Cooike's saddle and accoutre
Ii- nents. He thinks this camp of hos
gil tiles muist lie sevetiol dealt with ;
li tlhat Sitting lhlull mnust Ie seculted orI
so killed, ot else the seasol's successes
inl and sunrtalers \\ill go almiost for
urs uihnli. I al conviiced that Gen.i
tu ,l Miles shaites this opllinioni, at least
of partially, andil that lie is ight in op
Ier lposing any Cessatiionll of active andiii
ed, i oftilisiv\e operations until the sulggest
'he ed results he attaiiied. It must inot
ci' be ilniineld that lie is bloodthirsty
ind in his hlans or ideas in this buisiness
the --o the contraryv, ho rec'gnlizes the
ias fact that the Sioux even has lights
to the goverlllllt tuiist respect ; but
ick at the saune tinie he litels with all in
Ice telligent observers that its strong
C- arnl mlust now thoroughly assel t it
ing self before the field be abandotned.
to Any other course can ibut result in
the loss of all that has been gaiiied, and
ted endless repllettiion ofcunlaigu against
his the Indians.
~t . . . .
After The Thieves.
MAKING SOrTII CAROLINA TOO HOT TO
IIOLD TIlE REMNANTS OF TIIE
CIIAMBEIIILAIN GANG.
Cicinunati Enqui er. n
Columbia, S. C., July 3.-Shlcp
pard, of Edgefield, the young lion "
of the I)emocracy of the state,
who, by the way, is as modest and h
unassulini g as he is brave and t
true, arrived in the city yester- j
day. He has been regarded from v
the start as the great worker of s
the conmmittee, and, now that his s
hands are loose from the court a
work in which he has been en
gaged for the past two weeks, he
will enter into the researches
which the committee have been
engaged in so assiduously. Im
mediately after his arrival today
c hle had brought before the coll
mittee the great furniture theif, J.
CB. ])ennis, of Massachusetts. This
fellow was the right bower of
Chamberlain and the intiimate
friend of Whittemore, the ab
sconding Senator. He is known
t as the man who got the contract
r for furnishing the assellmbly halls,
I. one item of his bill in fliling his
e contract being the purchase of
f several hundred terra cotta spit
'1 toons at 818 apiece.
a Scott of Ohio, the first carpet
i bag Governor of South Carolina,
was examined to-day. While I
n can't give my authority, I never
- theless feel at liberty to say that
to his testimony was thoroughly
damaging to some of the rascally
scall)ps who have preyed upon the
vitals of the peol)le of this State
so long back. Nash, the black
Senator from this county, who
was, in the better days of the re
public, a bootblack in the princi
1l- pal hotel of this village, will be
re summoned on Thursday. This
is first-class statesman, who is a vil
t, lainous as he is black, will have
ly to tell some very ugly tales about
- his friend Chamberlain and the
balance of the crew, or p)eljure
f himself to such an extent that the
l penitentiary gates will open wide
of to receive him. The work goes
y bravely on, and the arrival of the
t- Attorney General, which is hour
uid ly expected, will bring about the
'lie end devoutly hoped for, and which
es was predicted in the dispatch
I which appeared in Saturday's En
ing quirer.
SUNDAY AT IlOMIR.-lantinma-"\Now,
Jack, there are ten conlllallndlenlits
you have to keep. If yon took a
thing that wasn't yours, you'd break
a coInAIIRII(' uent."
Jack (rentenmbering something alo't
some little Indians) - "And theu
there'd be nine."--lPunch.
It is a good thing for the melon
patches of the South that a negro's
eves are so constructed that he can't
tell the diffIrence in the night be
tween; a straw-man with a stick on
his shoulder and the owner of the
patch all ready to blaze away.
An indiscriminate slaughter of dogs
is threatening. All right ; hot lv.
IOi(lrI that evi.v dlog lkilihed hea\l es
sevlal hunolied tflaS to ", cag 'd fr
('irptiol o(f them is qui "e,, unlen e('ss.;ll 'y.
It would he absurd to say thay mae
of little cnsti lique'nc( , but still :s ab
surd to :Oivise the ritction of a hLntso
becatnuse heli had tlheil, as til prln!t
tv of suih a piurchuse dependl iin
tiiheir etllet, not tliur' plti,.ence. liei
Itilv have very iXtensive tt'rnm! attl(
vet he :lwayvs soun1td on them ; or
very minute oies to thlie eye yet be
seriously inconvenienced and lamed
iby thel . Ilundrteds of hIorses hiave
(orns \ it lol it auly eune suspectinlº it,
oild so lint' as hie reiulai;ied soanti, tfi
I ntaly so, the fil''t n.;ty nuoev r bl
k{no11 n. If hle ecormes Itae, and lhis
tfeet are in conseq.iiiit of it minute
ly examii ed, the draw inj knife lets
the owneir lr smocthody into( the me
rt. That ht lecoming known, the
foot properly put to rights, and with
ar loper shoe put on, the horse pro
hatly goes souinlet tha hlie has for
muonthis past. If a horse has corn
the principal thing to be looked at is
Inot so much the soreness of thenie, orI
iow far lie iuy eveni go lanie on
then but the kind of foot lie has.
SIf lie has good \wide, or, ill mlore
stable pilirase, opel heels, and
the wall or crust is strong, so as to
a l'id good ntail hold, there need beo
b very little fear of corns, for such ai
toot will allow the means of taking
oft pressure froml them. They will
often, in such a case, hold out pros
Spect of cure, or if nut, of such pallia
tive as atmounts to nearly aIs good an
r elfct; that is, feeling no iconlveu
ience from them ; if, however, the
theels ar narrow, it is almost impos
siblet to prevent the great aggrava.
tion of the disease, namely--pressure.
\VWe may even in such a ca;se take
away super pressure that it, pressure
ttfrom the shoe on the affected parts
but then there will remain what is
e termed lateral piressure, which will
t be between the bats ant the heels, or
t court of the foot. These bars are iu
i- tended by nature to act as props,
g keeping the heels at their proper dis
l- tance apart, and are usually left, say
an eighth of an inch or tlore above
U the surface of the sole of the foots
\We say we cut away the hails, which
st in coni cases is often done, it only
means they ate so tuich lowered as
to be on a level with the sole ; but as
the corn is seated below this, it will
become evident we cannot, or at
least, dare niot, cut the bars away
deep enough to prevent pressure be
tween theml and the heel, which, if in
close affinity (which is the case in
narrow heels), is veiy great; in fact,
p. the corn is in a kind of natural vice,
n whose almost acute angle presses it
on on either side. A horse with corns
t1i and such heels should not be brought;
d he will rarely be sound three days
rid togethe. 1le will be more or less
er- lamne if he is not worked at aill, and
01 work will lame hiun further from the
of soleness and inthituimation it occa
his sionus ; but should the foot be good
art and cool, the hot se in work, and
Ssound, hlie may safely be purchased,
I iowevel extensive the aplpearaeitc of
the corits tiay be; for should even a
les little tenderness or soreniess be per
CCn ceived after unusual work or hard
Ita- roads, keeping the feet in warm wa
lay ter a few hours for a day or two., will
)i- set all right again.
j lt ' cases w .helre soretiess ct.. mes onll
fio'ti courts, if the feet ate goind, 'tlo
h. getierally know the worst, nitid its
reluetedv." Such lanliUiess is out, how
ate ever, fike failing tif the situews, likely
t1) to be lpertillnent, or eid in crooked
witieSs or hiel lhssnes., ( )i the contra
lV;t \ \ ith eare there is nti stuch danger
l1s, Itt e tvey pilosect of thi lt care being
hiestcni jitised hy the euilparativ5e tr
ofi titil soiutlitness of t lhe horise, or to
sl the h-ast, 1i. freedoln fioni lame
li, ess. -Westerii Itural.
'clliialtion.-A plisticl an recom
metls ias essential to health the epen
ing of the windows iof every room in
a Louse for a shot timue daily, that
the altmIspIhele may he purified and
changed. The want of piroper venti
latiot is one of the pronlnent causes
of typhoid fevei, in connection with
unclosed conduits to the sewer drains
k in bedrooms.
To Cleanse the leaId.-A dime's
worth of pulverized hbrax, dissolved
thorougthl y in a pint of water. Cleanse
the head, especially the partings, once
ia week, afterward rinsinsg with cold
C water. iiill keep the head very clean,
t and impnart a glossy look to the hair
e especially if each application is ful
e lowed by a vigorous brushing.
Cockroaches are much esteemed by
the lIussians as a diuretic, and a crys
talline substance prepared from them,
C called antilyVdro['in, is a specific for
r' dropsy.
It Fish Pie.- Take any of the firm.
l- leshed lish, cut in slices, and season
with salt and pepper ; let them stand
in a very cool l:ace for ' or 3: hours,
v, then put thenm in a baking-dish, with
ts a little cream or water and butter
a and flour rubbed to a cieanm, with
ik minced parsley :.id nhaid boiled eggs
sliced! line the sides of the dish
,'t half-way down, and cover with a nice
en paste, Bake in an oven, qlick at;
first, but gradually glowing mioder
ate.
on -
t Chocolate cing.--'l'ake :1 eulfls of
e- whlite sugar, pour on it just enough
water to tnoisten it, let it boil till per
n fectly clear ; beat the whites of 3 eggs
very light, and add to it. 3 outles of
grated chocolate : thn11 Ip'r on it the
boiling sugar and bat until otcold. It
is imuch intmp\ovd ily luhlin;:g 2 lumps
d,,' c itric a c id d i s' d 'til in ,t tI I ,a)llp o :.