, Cfrdt C elton of .iany
Cowntry Paper in the State.
Rates of Subscription.
One Year........... ........ 1 0
i Mont...................
No subAcriptiou taken for less than 6
months.
r - -
isN0otlce.--Cavil Bray, Esq., of
lernon parish, is the duly authorized
o'eat for the VINsDICTOUI in Vernon par
i;€, and All contracts made by him will
he fully ratilied and carried out by us.
E. F. Pressley and J. H. Caldwell, are
oar agents for Sabine.
m tmi m|
SPECIAL NOTICE.
No Judicial adcverlisement will be
iserted in this paper hereafter, un
Its the Attorney becomes security
for the adrertising bill, which must
be paid ont FIRST INSERTION, or
they will be discontinuted.
PAKTSH AND C"ITY NEWS.
illll If m amm
LOCAL GLEANINGS. a sell
an II
River going down to the bottom fast. hind
Bonnie Lee up instead of lhlrt Able, In
curm
The greeback club of this phe'c has re- erly
tired front circulation. Rogi
plan
Weather hot bt nights cool a:ndl pleas- and
ant. cord
Mr.
Our streets are very dusty and rain is r.
wanted. ing,
Police jury in call session on Thulrsday. of ºc
Quarantine business. two
Pleasant Hill convention must be our on I
excuse for a dull paper this week. [(
The fruit crop was ablndant this year stil
unt is now about extinct. afte
The quarantine by this parish against beir
any and all inficted districts is being agai
rigidly enforced. wfh
To those candidates who are skipping Wit
ronnd as dark horses we would sany
come out and let's see who you are. con
The cess poll on the vacant lot near do'
the McCook's store has been "filled ,up"
by the corporation. it
QUERY: "Why will men smoke coni ster
mon tobacco, when they can buy Mar
burg Bros. 'Seal of North (arolina,' at 1
- the same price I" Feb 9 '78-1 y. Cot
I)O:
Eggs. Butter. chickens and country to
plduce is becoming very scarce here. the
Can't our country friends report? the
me
The boys are fixing up a fishing party. we
NIeb: Fish hooks one-ninth, whiskey an
i~llanths, fish-'(bic) nary a b(hic)ite.' p
Camn-well everybody tells ns they ch,
b Dty, and with good fat hogs, we the
lfMb least keep hunger frout our doors Sh
logrow "sassy." an
Our friend Joe McCook, the live mner- fr(
ehant, has been in quarantine for several ra
days but he appeared on Wednesday
looking as happy asa lark.
WANTED HERE.--A plaining machine, ha
a brick machine, a tan yard and a foun
dry. These are a few of our wants and ar
capital would realize handsomely if in- bi
vested in them. at
ra
The Executive Committee of the Dem- n(
ocratic party of the parish of Natchito- it
b ches, will assemble in this city on Mon- at
day, September 2d, 11+78. A full attend- it
anee is earnestly desired. al
M. J. CUNNINGHAM, li,
' Aug. 24--'t. Chairman. cl
Call at the post-office and see our t
redueed pitse list .of fruit-trees, flowers ,
and ornamental shrubbery, from G. W. n
Stoner's nursery at Shreveport. All to P
. be sold at hard time prices.
Aug. S-3m. PoRTmra & CAtIVIR
Capt. uhis Moses, it must be remember
ed, 6 still with us and for the Summer. n1
He is reedy for business in the picture si
line, and all who desire them had better k
call early and seenre something they I
will be proud of in the future. i:
Cotton e6ps. throughout the parish
are in good condition. However, the ii
caterpillar is reported in increased num- i
bers sad before this reaches manuy of our
b sde0trb hre will be great damage. done i.
by these pel~i. 1
M. J. Cnaningham, Esq., has been con
ained to his bed for more than a week
.and was at one time very, very ill. His
host of friends will be glad to learn of
his rapid improvement.
The health of our town has .improved
gi ree$Ity within ihe past week or ten days.
 be dlptherl~a, which prevailed to quite
an.-t extent, has almost disappeared,
*,in. ht4ryL,~,tl0.el a~. we hear
'. wlge lalnts of other diseases.
m every direction have been
,ICtmatlned and, It', ahard matter to
g 9 p a readibl6 ~r. We miss sad
i citdy exchanges but hope some ar
 ::tiqplmhhdeto put us in
s tcgr lestkithk the city by mail.
9,0utstlof . Green'
.-~ft8a'mfeto s. The
!b learn has gonoe on his way
a*i*,ugtkatuh at his eespe
a lls of qaaraine.
.... l the tine to a
~is tn hle iupper
rstioS tesit pariebsh. 4e te senth
* r bi5 t by t btt WP 45 CP)
- ~· haw'1hi ]re awhile ,O4pt. Brogan's
Wril'ot0D te; *he apper'limits
a-Mr. Willians1urudr killed
ef hitapik 'lard to heat.
Minuted on this
Candidates are crawlitag out. Mr. W. THE
S. Campbell announces his name in this
week's issue as a candidate for Sheritff'. ruEtI'I:
Come along boys; there's nothing like
making it lively. The
No man can go down the dungeoni of inteivi
his exlericewe and hold'the torch of truth burn,
to all the dark chambers and hidden car- Congre
ities and not come up without a shudder Mr. Bk
and a chill as he thinks of the time he organi:
undertook to talk politics with the deaf great
old father of his sweet-heart while the in the
girl was present. Preside
A gentlemrn in the country delivered as sal
a lecture on "Bible Wines" a few nights will be
ago. It was a Hamin-ateur effort and the pitchec
lecturer thought he was treated Shent lines
fully because nearly all his audience re- t f
tired before he was done speaking. But gactfe
they couldn't ig-Noah the fact that they 11ackl
were getting cheap bored.-Exchange. would
I-say-nh! isn't that enough to job down tions.
i us at one time. It Lukes so to us. a
crate.
d It was doubtless. Kearney, the great Natiot
"Labor Reformer," who was the hero of a coml
11 the following true story: After one of strong
the Kear:ney riots in San Francisco, a killi
Chinese washerman was observed sitting
e disconsolate on the ruins of his shanty. to the
To him a passer-by : hurt t
l"How about your wash-house, John "' atic tl
' Washec house gone hellee!" procil
• 'How about the hoodlums i'' tcky
"Diam hood'nnum! Go tlen shirtee who
q- first time in lifee !"-Toledo Blade. life.
/y The stum-speaker is not regarded with creati
the sane reverence now as he used to be 'Telf
in ancestral days. Even the small boy assrt
W does not hesitate to tell him to "pull had b
down his vest, ' or to call on the crowd this cc
to "give the calf more rope." when the
M speaker is in the very emptyrean of cottri
4. eloquence, and is about to clinch things that
T with a volley of verbage that would knock ident,
a schoolmharm clean off her feet and make
an unabridged dictionary sit down on his
st. hind leg and howl.-I)alhls Herald.
In our oliimns, recently, a mistake oc- W1
curred realtiv.e to Mr. LI. Perot form- I., by
Ce- erly of this city. We reported Mr. 11. ('. to pi
Rogers to have said that Mr. Perot's New
plantation would produce two hundred Ifles
and ten bushels of corn to the acre. ae.c
cording to a statement to that effect from dier,
i Mr. Perot. This was altogether wrong. Mis
Mr. Perot said that lie intended purchas
ing, to plant on his place, somne of a lot BarL
iy. of corn exhibited at the Mobile fair that Iilac
was said to have produced an average of The
two hnudred and ten lbushels to the acre also I
mnr on land in the vicinity of that city.- His
[Shreveport Standard. lawn
i Mr. J:nm Ware, a typo fill from the hand
stair' way of thi, llerahl office yesteaday Ba:L
afternoon ahout 3 p. iin. andl ece near mlusi
inet eing done fr. lie struck his head and
against a post in falling and was carried were
to the hospital in a state of insensib lily, Hon
where his wound was dressed by Drs. Elizv
iWithwortlh and Fisher. He received
only a slight contusion on the head, and guii
after a while recovered from the stunned catir
condition he was in, sulliciently to come H. I
down town. Hll made a narrow escanpe.- Belli
Shreveport Standard. fathe
' We were not a-w:are of that name for Cow
it before. We tar .J:ames was snu iGail
nm struck. Loon
Iar- lion
at The N. 0. :od R. 1I. Transportation P. F
Company will place the ('onxIE: BRAN- 01011
iDON as a weekly packet from Shreveport
itry to Grand Ecore during the prevelauce of
the yellow fever in New Orleans. Our A
met chants, planters and farmers will do ne
rty. well to take advantage of this enterprise neg
ikey and supply themselves from the Shreve- M
ite. port market, which we learn is full and wil
they cheap. or from St. Louis and the East for thal
w, the fall trade. Freights from St. Louis to his
oors Shreveport 85 cents per barrel fir flour 11'
and 5 cents per cwt fir bacon. Freight old
neer- from Shreveport to Grand Ecore card will
reral rates. See advertisement. ext
eday CONSUMPTION CURED. si
ver
An old physician, retired from practice, aiu
bine, having had placed in his hands by an ant
Foun- East India missionary the tormul of a a
n simple vegetable remedy, for the speedy
and permanent care for consumption, prm
if in- bronchitis, catalrh, asthma, and all throat bot
and lung affections, also a positive and em
radical cure for nervous debility and all ed
Dem- nervous complaints, after having tested lan
hito- its wonderful cnrative powers in thons- boi
Mon- ands of cases, has felt it his duty to make p
tend- it known to his suffering fellows. Acto- ma
ated by this motive, and a desire to re
I, lieve human suffering. I will send, free of
an. charge, to all who esire it, this recipe,
with full directions for preparing and so,
nour useing, in German, French, or English.go
iwer aent by mail by addrec'ssing with stamp, coi
. W. nameing this paper. W. W. Sherar, 149 im
All to Powers, Block, Robhester, New York. 9
Overtasklng the Energies. do
es It is not advisable for any of us to las
overtask our energies, corporeal or mental
uer- but in the eager pursuit of wealth or fame en
nmor. or knowledge. how many transgress this WI
ictsre salutary rnle. It must be a matter of foi
Ietter greoat importance to all who do- so to
know how to regain the vigor so reckless- tw
they ly expended. The remedy is neither cost- l
ly or difficult to obtain. Hostetter's e
rih Stomach Bitters is plrocurahle in every be
city, town and settlement in America. and
, the it comnpensates for a drain of bodily or
nun- mental energy more effectually than any he
f or invigorant ever prescribed or advertised. wi
Laboring men, athlete, students, journal- tb
done ists, lawyers, clergymen, physicians, all w
bear testimony to its wonderously reno
vating powers. It increases the capabil
o- ities for undergoing fatigne, and counter
week acts the injurious effects upon the system
His of exposure, sedentary habits, utnhealthy A
arn of or wearying avocations, or an insalubri- '
one climate, and is a prime alterative, di- Ii
uretie and blood depurent. d
proved .: a
a days. Hon. Jno C. Vance has been nom
oquite inated by the Demoocrats of Bossier
p for cepresentative to the Legislature. ti
e bear o
The Democrats of Red River parish, a
s been so we learn from our friends Marston r
,tet to and Pierson, whom we were pleased to
s sad: meet at the Pleasant Hill Convention, t
m r ill make a desperate struggle to
t us i carry that parish and we hope they
will succeed.
Greeni The "Greenback partyof Louaisi
1. The ans" is the Democratic party and any
is way body who attempts to "rassle" with 1
Sesape those "Ohi plasonks" in our platform
will look like one of Hayes old line
diet l- whigs whea e gets through. It's
ae to 9 like bogging arisly bear.
Ippper_._._ _ -
s:-tb' ; WiHeps hbildrees, otntraia Blasnks,
OCapt* Octav. Jnve and Aaron Cartee, all
r ogan's eolored, were oung at Donaldsonville
liai La., Aug., 14, for the murderof Na r.
cisse Arrient Dec 26th 1876.
K'44Ida A city yoang lady vlsiting ·Bridge
beat port, having aitnessed the pedestrian
' feata.o ..Mis-Voe Hilera, started
n this .oat tit o'ether evening to walk four
*mi d miles Io one Ihounr. After proceeding
led qdarter of a mile ashe saw a toad in
anid lthe road, and with a scrcam of af
igf rigt turned around and retraced Jier
L seps. The bst gimue was iades d i
D . ame r m,-a orriatow Hrisd.;
THE DEMOCRATIC CAMPAIGN.
S- The ce
iTEPIESEN 'AT1VE BLACKBURN'S VIEWS
Man i
ON THE PROSPECTS. accept I
The Washington Star published an
f interview with Representative Black- tro inr
1 burn, Clhairman of the D)emocratic
Congressional Campaign Committee. The I
r Mr. Blackburn reports his committee control
f' organized atnd at work. He attaches
f great impor'tence to the fall elections, lt A
e in the effect they will have upon the tit
Presidential election, and is reported "If de
d as saying: "The coming election, don't li
9 will be the first instance ot a great
e pitched battle along the skirmishing "Wh
lines. If we lose, our d feat in the see the'
tight for a President will follow." Mr. You o
Blackburn said the National party but itt
would be a potent factor in the elec- my bacl
tions. Its principles has become pop
ular and will not bother the Demo- Greer
crats. Ile further remarked : "The sized gr
it National movement is also assuming stonacl
a communistic phase wherever it is in bon
strongest, that is the surest way of him on
" killing it. The sending of Kearney
to the East as their apostle will also A -
hurt them. In the raving of this fan- can get
atic the people will see the dangerous Band ii
procilivities of the party. In Ken- such a
tacky their leader is Blanton Duncan, our cor
('e who never did a stroke of work in his about
life. Their final destiny will be, after townl
th creating a disturbance, to disappear." An
1e The interview concluded with the into a
V assertion of Mr. Blackburn that there meter s
hll lad been on instance in the politics of degreel
he this country where a party had gained clerks.
of control of both houses of Congress old ma
that it did not elect the next Pres st y"
ck ident.
ke We 1
ls High Jinks in 1881. ges are
Bosion Post. singing
c- When Grant becomes, King Ulysses tireles
in- I., by the grace of f it will seem funny for
('. to pick up the Court journal (the be p
ts New York Herald) and read : King four h
,'d Ulysses drove out this afternoon, ac
'' conipanied by Court Zachariah Chan- Wet
m1 dler, Lord Babcock and the Hon. go tog
Dg Miss Gail Hamilton ; Duke Casey and more
lo- Baron Orvil spent the afernoon at the cal an
]at palace and dined with His Majesty. tentie
of The royal family were all present, We ht
re also Count Schenck. In the evening mer.
H-is Majesty gave his second grand
lawn party. The Royal Little Rock A y,
the hand, under the leadership of Sir Jim ed by
lay Blaine. B. F. discoursed fine classical rte
ear music including "Johnny Morgan"
Nadl and "Pause, Emily." The guests he we
imdl were received at the palace by the jectoi
t o, Hon. Miss Agnes Jenks and Lady her
)rs. Eliza Pinkaton. Among the distin- straw
iid guished personages who graced the oc- you
ned casion by their presence were HI. R. per d
tune H. Prince Secor ; H. R. H. Prince
e.- Belknap; the Right Hon. Grand- Gran
father Taft, K. C. Lord Shepherd;
for Count Jacob Rehm, Duke De Golyer
Sun Garfield, Very Rev. Parson Newman,
Lord Landaulet Williams. the Right 1"
lion. Sir James Gordon Bennett. C. said
tion P. P. and the Royal family and nunt- day
:.ts- erons others. dred
port - - -menu
se of Negro Labor South. "I
Our A correspondent of the Farm Jour- the
nal writes: "My observation inclines cools
r me to the opinion that the system of "(
negro tenantry will not work well. fathe
eve- My opinion is that the land owner clhli
and who persists in this policy will find the 1
t for that it end in the utter exhaustion of his c
is to his soil and the dilapidation of his mar'
four improvenments. It may secure better edly
inmmediate returns from his worthless Whn
ight old fields, but in the lng run there of J
card will be no profit in it. In a pretty toa
extensive experience with the negro and
since he was made free, I have found in
very few who are not too thriftless "1
:tie, and improvident to make good ten- tion
r an ants. My opinion is that the only git
way in which the freedman can be and
ed profitably employed is as a hired la- as i
roa borer for money wamges. When thus "
aid employed, paid regulaHrly, and work- "
d all ed unnder the superintendance of the "
ested land owners, he is the best hired la- fatE
bons- borer I have ever seen iu a cotton in t
make plantation. The truth is, the freed- frot
Acto- man is doing better as a laborer than
Sreof we generally predicted. He is care- doa
e less and indolent if permitted to be con
c so, and the farmer who expects to get daj
glish. good work out of him must have him No
tamp, constantly under his eye, but this inb
r, 149 imagine, is the case the world over In
with any sort of hired laborers. My wa
doctrine is pay good wages, adhere I
strictly to your contract, settle regu- roc
ental larly and fairly, require strict obedi- w
ae ence and good work, and the result
Sthis will be more sntisfactory than hiring het
ter of for a part of the crop or renting lands thr
soto After a pretty close observation for ter
klee- twelve years I have not yet seen a an
cost- plantation on which the tenant syse m.
tteern has been practiced which has not to
v been constantly deteriorating. On be
i.lnd the other hand, the only farms which I'e
any have been lkept in good repair and tel
rtised. which now wears the appearance of in
urnal- thrift, are those which have been TI
us, all woiked with labor hired for money re
reno- ages I',
ipabil- ________ ats
inter- THE STRICTURE OF THE NEW ORLE- eo
elt ANS DEMOCRAT.- -We at the time tm
nbr overlooked the article that appeared b!
ve, di- in the New Orleans Democrat some
days since making a rather unfriendly
attack upon the TIMEs bt.cause it ex- c
pressed the opinion that there were ti
SoI more cases of yellow fever in New te
lossier Orleans than were reported. The ar- t
ature. tieletakes occasion to allude to the n
opposition expressed by the TIMES I
in 1873 to the quarantine established a1
parish, against Shreveport. This comes with d
larston rather bad grace from the Democrat,
sedto whose editor was, at that time, one of b
etio, the editors of this paper,
Be this as it may, our comments
gle to were not prompted by any disposition
me they to injure New Orleans. Far from it.
The fflicted city has our profound
sympathy, and we would forft our
own self-respect if we did one act or
Lo isi- said one word calcolated to injure
ind any New Orleans or any other city imi
l" with larly afflicted, even though it shoald a
tobring a iore lucrative trade to Shreve
port than it ever before enjoyed. It I
Id line is idle, boirever, for the Democrat
.. It's to gaiuay the fact that the presence
of yellow fever ht New Orlesans has
heretofore, if not this aeason, been (
habitually suppressed by the press 1
Blaks and the authorities. This suppression
tee, all may be justified on the gron4d that
soville there is more or less fever there
ofNarr every year, and that it is needless to
excite unnecessary alarm.
We elaim that our statement was
true, and, moreover, believed that if
Bidge- the authorities here bad been lulled
destrlan into a false aecarityAbhe fever would
s arted to-day be prevalli i is our midst.
lkfour 8hreveport was. taught* lesson in
eeeding 1873 it tis evert likely to forget; and if
toadd in wejty ayjgaShted in the andption of
So - "extreme. measures to keep out the
aeed hir drodil scoa~ge,, certainly Shreveport
made.1 i is th city.L
[Ih renfort 2hisi#.
THE CHOICEST. Call f
The early apple catches the small boy New (
Man proposes, but-he is not always calls aS
accepted. on the 1
An important suit-the first jacket and izes par
trousers. chose di
T'he l,reatli of s~candul if, beyond the
Scowntrol of cardamon sedtls. Cher
Salt fish for breakfast arnd a rIubber hack ya
e outlit will keepl a man dry all day. eaten
e ýied friý
"If death loves a shining mark," why dIluked
don't he get in his work on old Sol tI lucked
"What would you say if you should they wt
see the Indians coming right down upon yard in
you now 1 "asks an Oregon paper Hav
en't given the questio much thought, jo
but it strikes us "we wou!d say "excuse
mny back." York,
a witae
- Green apple pies.-Ex. Yes, a medium
e sized green apple boiled on nn empty poses t,
,g stomach, pies the average man's thoughts aggress
in about thirty-seven minutes, and starts
him on a dog trot for an apothecary shop.
--Rome Sentinel.
1o A young man writes us asking if he
- can get a position as leader of a Flute
3s Band if our town becomes afflicted with
a- such a band we shall endeavor to secure PAR
n, our correspondent the position to lead it
is about 47,000 miles out of town-Norris- CALl
town Herald.
erOn 'I
An aged colored individual stepped Police
lie into a store and asked how the thermo- Payne.
re meter stood. '"A hundred and forty-nine Prese
of degrees below zero ?" replied one of the
ed clerks. "Is dat a fax ?" exclaimed the
s8 old man. "den I've lost two dollars. I
just made a bet it war a hundred an'
fifty."
We notice that several of our exchan- The ]
ges are anxious to trade'off their sweet- citizen!
singing office boys. If they will take a to corn
ies tireless speller in exchange, we are in the pul
for a dicker, with, our "Double p u, don- may d
he be p i, double p unkin pumpkin pie." cing ft
Requires to be wound up once in twenty- the adi
ug four hours. ces as
Ic. Quaral
in- Wealth and extravagance do no always On a
3n. go together. Because a man is rich is no Be 1
nd more reason why he should be economi- pointe
e cal and set an example. So all who have the di
wealth and are extravagant we call at- Parish
tention to an important fact in history. lowini
nt, We have worn a four cent coat all sum- Police
ing mer. Gu
mnd Guard
,ck A young nman who wrs recently reject- do sob
im ed by his girl, immediately lost his ap- and it
cal petite and began to pine away. His all the
an" friends thought he would soon be laid Ordiu
away in the silent tomb, but last week lation
,ste he went to Atlantic City and saw the ob- Parisi
the ject of his affections-or what was left of other
idy her-in a baggy flannel suit and an old Peesid
in- straw bat, bathing in the shurf. That officer
oc- young man now eats three hearty meals go hel
R. per day, and a big lunch between times. filed 1
ace ____mmm the at
Grandfather Liekshingle On the Hot
rd ; weather. Hnnd
han, Oil City Derrick. may 1
ight "This is very unpleasPnt weather," Parisl
C. said grandfather Lickshingle, yester- ing t
uii day evening. "I,am goin' on two hun- and o
dred years old now an' I don't re- tbe I
member ever seein' nothin' like it." ceediT
"It's awful," growled a member of By
lur- the family ; "if it doeso's soon get Be
ines cooler I do think we shall die." Guar
u of "Cooler ? die ?" exclaimed grand- of th
yell. father; wit-whi-what d'ye mean straci
rner child ? I wasn't complainin' about be de
flnd the heat," he went on, buttoning np. on ct
n of his dressing-gown. "I was about tore than
his mark that I never see such confound- than
itter edly cool weather at this time of year. the d
iless Why, only think here's it's the middle forth
here of July, and the thermometer down On
etty to a hundred an ten in the shade," jonri
egro and he shrugged his shoulders as if a in or
o lund Imp of ice had slid down his back. 10
"les "I wouldn't be esurprised," he con- J
ten- tinued, if the blamed mercury would
only git down to a hnndred afore it stops, -
a be and freeze half of us to death, same T
d la- as it did once out West." -
tius "Out West ?" .
ork- "Yes ; in St. Louis."E
the "You must be mistaken grand
Sla- father : St. Louis is the hottest place
tton in the world. People aredying there
reed- from the heat by the dozens."
than "Oh, I know they are noe; and I Fi
care- don't wonder at it-people have be
a be come so everlastin'Iy delicate these
. get days that they can't stand nothin'.
him Now, when I lived in St. Louis ii was
Sthis inhabited by a different breed of cats.
over In them days the reg'lar temper'tore IMP
My was from 250 to 300 in the shade."
Ihere Here the member got out of the
reg- room, unperceived by grandfather,
bedi. who continued :
result "That made it kind of pleasant and
riing healthy. But one summer, right in
lands the middle of harvest, thie thermome
an for ter fell down to a houndred an' five,
sen a an' I never see such distress in all
,ys- my life. People just literally froze
is not to death. If your grandfather hadn't
On been tougher than a pine knot.hole,
which I'm sure he wouldn't be here now to
Sand tell it. But I had lots of heavy cloth
ice of in' and managed to worry through.
been There's somethin' in the air now that
aoney reminds me of that desp'rit time, an'
I'm afraid his story is to be repeated,
and he began blowing on his finoger
ORLE- ends, at the same time turning around
time to see what Wffect was being produced
peared by the recital.
some Fioding himself alone, he said :
iendly "All right; I can stand it tf they
itex - can. I was only tellin' the story that
e were they might know a little of the his
aNew tory of their own country; but if
he ar- they don't want to hear it, they
to the needn t. If they prefer to remain s pa
T IMES ignorant as the beasts of the field, it
blished ain't my loss. For my part I'll go la
eswith down to the ice-house. It can't be
nocrat, very much cooler there than it is
one of here," and picking up his cane and
fan, he went.
nments ____ _-
oosition NEWS.
oofound (Shreveport Standard.)
rfi our New Orleans, Apogust 20.-A "no
Sact or vene" or nine days irayers in all the
ir Catholic churches o. this city for the
sehold cessation of the scourge. Bishop Elder,
Shove- of Natebes, directs the recital of daily
. It prayers for the aversion of mortal
mocratsic kness.
,oesene New Orlena, Aogust 20.-Rev. J.
a n has K. Gutheim, Euward P. Korshed, and
o, been other otfietraof-the Hebrew Benove
l press teatAssooiation makes the following
pression appeals: "Sieknes, distress and suof
ud that fering ainoig the pooris increasing
dr there eery day. Our funds are nearly ex
dles to hausted. In lthis sad calamity we
deem it our meleacholy duty to the
leotwas symyatbies of our brethren through
i tliat if out the United States for speedy aid.
i wnld New Orleans, Aagust 10.-Numbers
w of applications are being made to the
nidat. Howmcrd A lo.tio, daily, by indi
n i gent sickD which meet with prompt
,tndf attentiol.A Some of the mues are of a
out themost destipte character. The Asso
vt ciation are; receiveijg liberal dona
reeport tiom from diffesrent parts of the cooa
r • -
Call for a Republican Coventien.
New Orleans, August .7.--The Re
publican State Central Committee
calls a State Convention to meet here
on the 16th of September, and author
izes parish executive committees to
chose delegates in parishes not orga
nized.
Cherry rum refnse thrown into the
hack yard by a Bangor woman was
eaten by turkeys that apparently
died from the effects. After being
plucked they were thrown into a heap
on the grass. On the next morning
they were found walking around the
yard in undress.
Major Burke will return from New
York, where he has been attending as
a witness, in a few days, and pro
poses to enaugarate a vigorous and
aggressive canvass all over the State.
PROCEEDINGS
OF THE
Polioe L'ury,
PARISH OF NATCIIITOCHES.
CALL MEETING, AUGUST 1878.
On Thursday, August 22d, 1878, the
Police Jury was called to order by Wm.
Payne. President.
Present-Win. Payne, President.
A. V. Carter,
F. Jennings,
Carroll Jones,
M. B. L'lorens,
Joseph Ezernack,
The President read a petition of twelve
citizens and free holders, requesting him
to convene the Body in extra session for
a the purpose of taking such action a- it
- may deem proper in relation to provi
ding for the expenses of Quarantine, and
the adoption of such additional ordinan
ces as may be required on the subject of
Quarantine.
s On motion of A. V. Carter,
0 Be it ordained, That all Guards ap
pointed or to be hereafter appointed at
'e the different Quarantine stations of the
t Parish, shall take and subscribe the fol
r. lowing oath before the President of the
a" Police Jury or any qualified officer:
"I- - baving been appointed as
Guard at Quarantine Station at-- ,
t- do solemnly swear that I will faithfn ly
P' and impartially discharge and perform
Is all the duties incumbent on me by the
d Ordinance of the Police Jury and Regu
k lations of the Board of Health of the
b- Parish of Natchitoches, and obey such
of other instructions liven to me by the
d President of the Police Jury or any other
at officer designated by the Police Jury.
Is So help me God." Said oath shall be
33. filed by the Clerk of Police Jury among
the archieves of the Parish. Adopted.
By A. V. Carter,
Be it ordained, That the sum of Three
Hundred Dollars, or so much thereof as
may be necessary, be and is hereby ap
propriated out of any monies in the
" Parish Treasury, for the purpose of pay
,r. ing the different Qunarantine Guards
, and other incidental expenses, and that
.e_ the President of the Police Jury draw
SChcks on the Parish Treasurer not ex
of ceeding said amount. Adopted.
By A. V. Carter,
et Be it Ordained, That any Quarantine
Guard violating any of the Ordinances
d. of the Police Jury or Regulations or in
an structions of the Board of Health, shall
*t be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and
p on conviction, shall be fined not more
Sthan Fifty Dollars ($50) or imprison
ment in the Parish Prison for not more
ad- than Fifteen (15) days, or both, within
r. the discretion of the court, and shall be
Ie forthwith dismissed. Adopted.
wn On motion the Honorable Body ad
," journed until its next regular meeting
fa in October.
k. 1Official] WM. PAYNE,
. J. H COSGROVE, President.
aid Clerk.
B NEW ADVERTISEMENTS. A
A. G. HALL. M. DINoLB
-WHOLESALE -
LIQUOR MERCBANTS
Fine and Common brands of
WHISKIES,
BRANDIES, &c.
and dealers in
* IMPORTED AND DOMESTIC CIGARS.
e SALESROOMS :
No. 17 LEVEE STREET, B
SHREVEPORT, LA.
In -
e- WAREROOM:
No. 10 WASHINOTON STREET,
so LOUISVILLE, KY.
ft March 16--1
h- Diseases of the EYE and EAR.
at Dr. 0. SB A .I. D,
to OCULIST AND AURIST.
ler 142 Canal St. New Orleans, La.
B( Hours from 9:30 to 3:30.
ed April 20.-tf.
ey TAX NOTICE.
hat -
t- STATE TAX COLLECTOR'S OFFICE,
Natchitoches, March 28th, 1878.
la HE public are hereby notified that I
y am now prepared to collect State and
s Parish Taxes and Licensee now due.
it The following discounts are allowed by
go law on taxes paid during
be April 3 per cent on Tax Bill
S May 2 " "
md June 1 " " N
March 30-fL. N. LANE.
March 30-ti State Tax Collector.
Butcher. T
ISAAC KAHN,
BUTCHER.
- h
AS a frat-class Stall in the Natchi- tl
1 toohes Market Hoouse, where he has
for sale during Market hours, fresh jacy
BEEF,
VEAL,
MUTTON,
PORK,
FRESH and SMOKED SAUS8AGE,
SMOKED BEEF, &c.
i* And on Wednesdays and Fridays, fresh
FISH of all kind; TROUT, WHITE
PERCH, BAbBS &c. After market hours,
e call at Abram Kahns, Corner 9M and St.
Denk Str's., and have your orders filled
t Feb. W3.--y.
a
SPhysician and Surgeon
eMongemery, La.
Grand Ecore Cards.
H. MANHEIN
GRANI) ECORE, LA.,
Unusual Bargains
-IN
GROCERIES,
Of which I have a large stock, of both
Staple and Fancy,
BOUGHT FOR CASH,
and can sell cheaper than any one.
I keep a large assortment of general
. Merchandise, complete and full in all de
tails.
DRY GOODS,
FANCY ARTICLES,
CROCKERY,
BOOTS,
Ce SHOES,
. CORN,
BRAN,
OATS,
AND
aIMEDICIlNES,
ye Which are all
'" Marked Down
it to the lowest figures.
1- Price my Stock and you will certainly
nn be astonished.
of The highest CASH PRICE paid for
Country Produce.
Feb. 16. ly.
l- Grand Ecere
,he
as WAREHOUSE.
ly WM. FRENCH, Proprietor.
the UAVING purchashed the business of
n- Chambers & Barbee at this point,
he and secured their services, I am prepar
,ch ed to store and forward promptly, all
the freights and cotton consigned to my care.
her Rates of storage in future will be as
iry. follows:
be Fifteen Cents per barrel for freights.
ong Thirty-five Cents per bale for Cotton.
WM. FRENCH.
March 24-tf.
Blacksmiths.
LITTLEJOHN & WARE,
WHEELWRIGHTS
-AND
BLACKSMITHS.
DO all kinds of repairing to Wagons,
Carriages, Buggies-lay and make
Plows and work in iron in all lines.
Make the building of
CARTS, DRAYS, WAGONS & BUGGIES
A SPECIALITY.
Rates and terms furnished on applica
tion, and as
LOW AS THE LOWEST.
Shop on 84 STREET.
NATCBITOCHES, L4
Jan. 19-1y.
ALFRED MAYEUR,
Wagon, -Work
- AND-
BLACKSIIITIKY,
A LL KINDS OF WOOD-WORK DONE
11 at the shortest notice, and in a Arat
class
Workmanlike-Manner.
BLACKSMITHING DEPARTMENT
IN CHARGE OF
JOE IOLOIY.
HRORS-EmSBOING A
SPECIALITY!
- SHOP ON -
CHURCH STREET.
NATCHITOOHES, LA.
Jan 5 '78ly
Saloons.
J. SMITH
S PROPRIETOR
S Ome and See me.
Voice LIQUORS.
Harming CIGARS.
Heerful Company
St.Deids St. NATCHITOCHES, LA.
FROM HER ASHES.
The Phoenix has put on new life and now
caters for public favors.
J Warren uddath
has taken charge a-dDAN now dispenmes
the choicest
BRANDIES,
WHISKIES,
LIQUOBRS,
&c.
RICH ST. LOUIS BEER ON DRAFT
Don't forget, ye thirsty, the Pnaiax
on St. Denis Street.
Feb. 24.ly
LOUIS LE PAULMIER
KEEPS on ale the aieat etn
BEEFV, VEAL, MUT
TON PORK, SAU
BAG ES, &c., at his STALL in the
whmA fa and juicy meats are sold by
him at the lowest prie.
The oldest Bute or in the trade; he
olaime the paetero e of the pablic.
Feb. 1i-1,
SPLENDID OPPORTUNITY
TO WIN A FORTUNE.
GRAND
MONTHLY
UAJWI G
--:)AT(:
fr
NEW ORLEANS,
TUESDAY AUGUST 18, 1878,
of
ail LOUISIANA STATE
re.
LOTTI RY OMfPANY,
This
Institution
was regularly in
S. corporated by the Le'g
islature of the State for du
on, cational and Charitable purposes,
ake in 1868, with a Capital of $1,000,000,
to which it has since added a reserve
fund ot$350,000. ITS GRAND SIN
GLE NUMBER DRAWINGS will
take place monthly. It wtr
- Look at the follow
- ing Distribu
tions:
1 Capital Prise,
iso , 500.
9 140,00 nTretel at Two Deillrs Each
Balf Tlekets $.
LuST OF PRIZES,
1 CapitU rie of $l30,000.... 30,0oo
1 Gdal Prize o . 10,000....10,000
S I Grand Prize of 5,000 .. 5,000
9 Pries of 2,500.... 5,000
5 PIsu of 1,000.... 5,000
SPriNse of 500.... 10,000
I100 " o100.... 10,000
100 " 50 ... 10,000
5o0o " 0.... 10,000
1000 " 10.... 10,000
APPROXIMATION PRIZES,
0 Approximation Prizes of $300.. 2,700
9 do. do. 200... 1,800
9 do, do. 100... 900
185 Prizes, amounting to...... $110,400
8 . Write for Ciruaue or send orders to
M. A. DAUPHIN,
P. O. Box 602, New Orleans, La.
B All our Orand Etraordinary Drawing
are ounder the supervision and
P PaaMx MIANAGEMENT
I -or
' 0.. 0. T. BAUITR EGARD,
i h the
re sold byAND
a Ga. JUBAL A. EARL 1,
Of drgkal