Paper off he Parish and City of Nat hihorhes
JAS. 1I. 1COSbROV E, "- Editor.
SATIu)AY. - - - JUNE 9, I877.
The Conquest of Mexico.
OIr (city conItenimporaries ihave
overlooked the wlailn point o01
Statesmen should make in urging
the coneuelst of Mexico. So lfar
the question has been argued, aInd
very properly, as far as it goes,
1upon the groundiiii of thIe mere ac
(quii itionl of the rieh' territory- of
that country ; a country abound
ing in agi-icultnial, mu ineral, and
pastoral wealth, for the purpose
of furnishing a peaceable and
stable government to that revoln
tionary and distracted people, and
developing its resources, by influ
sing Anglo Saxon vigor into tihe
blood and business of Mexico.
Such a view we consider as emi
nently proper and philanthropic,
but we would urge that there are
reasons more potent for the con
templated advance uipon Mexico
than those so far tleveloped.
Since Cortez andl his band of
Spaniish niobles and heroes inva
(led the territory anId cilrushed the
power of thle Monteznunas, the
conquest of Mcxic ha.s Ibeen the
drerm of Statesmeu. Aaron IBurr, a
statesmman 'oi wiseo cnd far seeing
for his day, woo the first Ameri
cani who attempted to plant nponm
its soil Anglo-saxon manhlood.
Since his day we have had an
ASntin, a Houston, a Quitman
and a Walker. All these were
urgedl on by ambitious schemes.
None by patriotic motives. Love
of and desire for power and
wealth were thie main-springs to
their desire for the conquest and
annexation of the fertile soil of
ae us Texas, Scott and Taylor
added the territory of New Mexi
co and California. With this, the
conquest has been, from other
and mighitier matters nearer home,
which demandled solutionrr, held in
abeyance.
Mexico anlid its great fertility I
can hardly be described, The I
great mass of its territory consists
of an elevated plateau formed by
an expansion of the Cordilleras,
from which slopes decend to the
Atlantic on the Eost, and the a
Pacitfic on the West. The climate 8
from the rapid differences ofele- a
vation is temperate, and it is one
of the richest and most variedl
zones in the world. All its riches
lie, in a measure, undheveloped ; its
people as a mass are bigoted, in
tolerant, ignlorant, lazy and revo
Intionary, although there are o
many of its best citizens wiho re- d
cognize the deplorable condition 8
of their country, but they are pow
erless to chmeck or eralicate the
evils under which they labor. tI
These same citizens would wel
come the advent of any power a
that would give peace to the un- a
happy Republic and stabiity to n
its muterial institutionis.. p
'The United States is at this n;
momneni, from tile peculiar condi- N
tion of her society, ready for the OJ
advance for this rich country
The late war engendered a milita
ry spirit in our population which tl
is not compatible with a country l'
as sitoated and governed as ours.
A vast number of men are out of gi
employment; and there is also a W
vast number who were neyer in s
emlploynmexist-men reare4 under -
the sound of war and iuttrsed upon ra
the extravaganco and crimes it ar
Ieri bud. To these mlst be ad
ded the tees of thousands called
from the cities of Europe to Ameri- is
ea when men as food for powder at
were in demand. These men are gi
the volcanic- matter at work with- ap
in the besom, of our civil society. br
This class have no business with ra
in the heart of stable governments, a
and when they reach strength in mo
numbers they are a power that cei
unthrone liberty and torn loose wil
license. France and her d'ays of cot
horror, her reign of terror, were of
but the eruption of a maximni t me
gathering of her volcanic classes.. of
It has been regarded, since eca- 80O3
-ou and civilization hae been in bee
be
jected into civil government,. the bu
height of statesmanship to pre- B
serve i society the stnrdly citizeni ten
from the inroads of this lawless no
class. What better occupation alth
could be afforded them than this Thme
contemplated coaquest Wha.t astan
better reasons can be advanced. plar
for the acquisition of Mexico thanr it gc
that of furnishing wai for a war
like class, in order to preserve-.u mue
own civil society intact. To
We are in favor therefore of the this
conquest of Mexico, because we cotto
l+want peace at home, anad to se
cure that peace we consider it to
be the duty of the statesmen of
titorhes AmerIica to furnish (occlpationl
Editor. Iabroad, to the war-like classes
- that are now tugging and secthihg
77. in the bosom0 of our home civil
o society.
A war for the coinquest of M1exi
have co will do this, and the outlay
t one will be amply repaid by the rich
irgii g territory obtained, while we will
o fril have fulfilled a tiuty to (od andt
, .1nd civilization, by giviag a firm and
goes, stable governinenit to tlhat 110ow
rt ae- distraeted country, as well as in
ºIr% of sturing peace1l, Iaw, andil ocrder to
ound- all its citizens.
,and Let us have Mexico, for tlhe
irpose good of 0111'our own society, as well
and as for the happiness and loosperi
Lvolu- ty of the Mexien;ini
, ail Let Them Mind their Own Af
infu- fairs.
o the To show- the litter imbecility of the
exieo. "Ip ologising pog1licy" ad(oplted by soiiie
. leading Democrats, con fined mostly,
s ciiii- ,r'if ) oo rla nlilr icsl
it is tIrue, to the old hneads of the
lopi,' North, but found in loenlities hlere,
Sae wre have but to refer to the late comi
COll- uents relati-ve to the killing of the
lexico notorious Laws in Feliciana.,
Laws, from all accounts, is of ihat
11l of cl'ass of srcoundrels who, clothed witll
inva- a little brief anthoriry, crido d0own, or
i the attempted to ride down, every sent -
, the blaice of decency in the State, Laws
tied when the respectable people
a1 thre
would not longer submit to his 4i es
urr, a tnce. After supporting Packaid by
eeing testifying in New Orleans Hurt every
dncni- wvhite man in Feliciana was a cut
ntpon throat and a smuderer, and every J
hood. white woman a viperous demon in
1( all petticoats, which testimony availed
itmana nothing for Packard, and that was
were no fauelt of the Laws' elam h he re
turns to the conntry he ruioned, and
enmes.
Samong the geatlemena and ladies he
Love vilified and slandered, with as much
andt inmpudence as a conqueror; the re
gs to suilt is, Laws is killed by unknown
t and parties.
ail of No sooner donP.i i , :'.---'
iiLfI nrnown loan Ie is flashled Northi as a t
aylor bloody Southern outrage, and the en- t
les- tire Radical party from the Intelr- r
Oe cean to his fraudulncuc , rise up on a
the"their hind legs and paw the air with a
ther therr fore legs, while the pukes of the 0
aoe, South begin to shako in their boots
Id in and whine out sickening excuses, p
yelliog all the time for Governor it
tility Nicholls to call ont the militia and fi
The hunt down the "assassin." t
sists We are no excnsists of the killers ,
d byS of Lawe, and we want the law, which it
has been ontraged by these mnrder- ,
eras, ers vindicated, hnt we most emphatic
Sthe ally deny the right of Mr. Hayes, or I
the Mr. Evarts, or Mr. anybody ele out
mate 8ide this State, to interfere in the 1,
fele- matter.
Sone Louisna is a sovereign State, T
Lrietl ameinable to no anthordty on purely '
ehes State matters, and she is folly able
and w illing to sulppress all crime
:;its within her border, but her peopleo
indignantly repel the attempt of Mi'.1
revo- Hays, or 'any of Lrs party, or any C
are ~thler party, for that matter,-not 110rsi
re- dents of this State, to dictate to It hir ri
ition sovereign authorities in any matter ho
pow.- wlmatsoever. pi
the illisio' nian do nat justify the
Lbo01 killing of mny man, buht they insist di
they shill not le held responssble for "I
wel- the acts of murdereis naul assassins, iC
)wer andl they propose to hurl back such p
un. accountability to those who charge it,
v to hot by excuses, whinings, and ex- eC
pressions of sorrow, but by indig. CIc
this nantly telling those people of the edl
ltli-. North, who seem to make it a point nii
the of atteiidilg to every one's husiness
hot their o(n, that this is no affair of tiE
liti- theirs, and they h ad better look at all
their own out-laws at horne before U[
they throw mud at other, and better
itry people than they are.
urs. The Sonthermi people have noapolo
it of gies to make to Molly M1aguire&'--nor thi
so n will they whine out excoses to anly
'r it set of men u-ito, backed up for ten fei
ider years the veona and corrupt horde of .el
rascals who left Louisiana a desert, gr
and her people staruing.
8 it ''That's our sort."
ad. Il* - i~
Weather and Crops.
lle( The weather at this present writing p
en- is hot, dry, and disagreeable. In the lII
(Cer afternoon eloand gather su-ficieuntly to
are give promise of a Incli-desired efie
ith. appear, and the stare shine forth tht
!ty. bright and brilliant, and hopes for his
thu rain must be credited to the cooining (
its, morrow. The meruory now begins E
to range up in the nlaeties, during li(
mid-day, and the snn's rays are ex ina
at cessively hot, parching the grass, or 1
n8e wilting the corn, and stunting the arr:
of cotton. The cry comes from all paits cha
are of the country for rain! rain! and are
1111 many planters have already despaired y
es.. of mahing a full crop of corn. In logl
some favored sections the people have mmi
in. been blessed with refreshing showers, for
he but they hare been confined to very yen
semalil cirermscribed localities. And prn
thus it is "%o.day, man puts forth the N
C tender )eaves of hope," but alas Ilive
88no fruit-timie may come for him, to a
MI although through no fault of his. its p
lis The cotton is reported doing well, so
at stand good, and grass all killed; this such
Kl. plant can stand long droughts after atioi
a it gets up and under way, the "lap W
r- root" hawing the facility to seek the call
, moisture, however deep it is to be driv
bonnd.
The prospect stands about tlInu at Thu
e this present time-corn crop ight, that
8 cotton, with no future accident, good. war.
to se- Do We Mean to Purify.
it to The New Orleans Petnorat some
nII of time since sounded a note that met
ationll responsive echo throughouttlhe State
asses which vas the vigorous prosecution
thlibg of those radical officials who have for
civil the past eight years unbluslhingly
violated ltwv nud the rights of the
fexi- people.
utlay The Democrat very wisely selecet
rich ed the Ihends of the judiciary of outr
will State, the late members of the Sn
prcnie Court, as fit nsubjects upon
anllti
niwhom to begin Ile work of political
l(Iu t rification alid we have anx iously
1olw looked over our city illes in) H)opes '
S Ill- that our Attorney General had "plant
Nr to ed olne foot before" upon a nal eh I
that woldi hot end till these male- I
the factors had disgorged thie sums of
well their robberies or that they were
lcrr- safely secured in the penitentiary as
a warning to future official plunder
ers. We are pained to say that our I
Af- resenach Ihas not been rewardled wiit
>f the I word or line lwhich would justify' I
soie oar applause. º
1
4511 , And the Democrat has become sod
f the slt 1(11 and ominously silent .'
If h
here, What does this meatn 7 i
coni- We Would be pained to say that
the the sootlhing effect of the usual Siren i1
that sings on thie tfags of our "btisi- "i
that Oess center" lha;d had its Influence 4
with Upon tlyrit clirioi voice that awoke
1 to life the Iautnhoiod of NorthI Louis- I
RAW lina. It will be a fittirg time to dieo
laws 1when , tae convinced that llearntsey,
Sopole he ''"i host. Words were bonds, I
I es- his h oata ortcles,''" to all of this se-c
d by tion, had been huall~ded by the trim- f
veir iters into a disgraceful silence, t
cut- But this Saodden droppiting of a stib
;ver' ject which is so vital to society asod s
on in our cause in the State, is certainly c
ailed strange to the people.
was Has the filthy finugers of the trader I
e re- smirched the snow-white esCuntcheon I
and of our victory with "dirty soap '" c
es he Does disgraceful traffic underlie t
nuehI the sheen of the bayonet that gained c
Sre- our independenee ?
town Forbid it I-Heaven 1
Tire constitutioo of iiJ''s--U ' n^--o `
.. -....._, "n tite ýnpreme judges but d
as a these juldges, by a statute lobbied o
c en- through the corrupt legislature of Feb [
utter- ruary, 1871, have drawn an increased c
p on amount, contrary to that constitution, o
with of $2,500 yearly for six years, or $45,- v
f the 000 in all. r,
toote Where are the pmronisces made the s
uses, people of this State by the Democrat- b
rnor ic officials to discharge their duties c
and fearlessly ind without favor f Are
they the pie crust of the hustings, a
lhers made to be broken I We demand c1
hicl in the name of the people an enforce- t.
der- ient of the lat ! We insist upon the
ntie purification of political society and
s, or political morals by promply punish
ou t- p'i
out- ing political malefactors. oo man P
the has a riglt to engage in peculating
ante, rnd obbing the public treasury and ,
escape punishment,
aele If any trades or hargains ar belen Ct
uiade y which thiieves and itialefict. c
me C
ople ors were to have gono un wlipped of P
Justice, the peoleo demand that the ,,,
ny condonerg should be punished as well 114
asny as the criminal. No ofliciel has a he
it rirht to Compoond a uylon, and be el
ttei o he igh or lo0w, lIe should be prom'ptly je
punished.
the Iet the Attorney General do his thi
sist duty, no miatter whose toes are tread tic
'for 111)0on 1nd,if iluy of these 'raschilly rad- ti'
i cs, ical threveg present the plea of a 1'
nehi protiise not to prosecute, from any en
ri, demcrtatic official or citizen, pros all
ex. Pecite that official or citizen to the full wi
lig- exteft of the law. He has compound- Li
the ed a felony atnl deserves the utmost ho
)int rigor of the law. ag
i('s5 We await with pnitful,it.nl'ons pa- ris
r of lience the Attorney Generilds action,
Sat and we are listening for' the Democrat W
ore upon the sulbject. bu
ttCr se
Enemy Within the Citadel. fi<
1 W'Vhen it was lWomi50d Packard W2
nor' that hle should not be prosecuted for thi
myh past political as w'ell as personal of- acI
ten cs, as it understood hle should
of remain in the State in order to tele- est
uit, graph North every killing of a negro, po
distorted into a political murder by by
his fertile brain and facile pen? do
The white people of the country tlit
iog p~arisheaB desire to know, and threy am
thehave a ir tUoot right to be informed thie
to lust how long it will be vers.. *'be of. sel
red ficit-ls they elected begin the work of t
& p"numt iesknI Mtato. Especially do as,
rth they demand that Mr Packard aod MIr
for his customlso gang be sum-marily Orl
ng dealt with, by our courts. the
ins Since these radical oflicials are such One
ng sdicklers for the punishment of crim- Mr.
'x inals it is nothing but just and prop- pen
se, ci- they should be punished for that fiud
lie array of crimaes of which they stand ma,
ts charged, and which decent people dill
4d are made sick to contemplate. son
ed Who is the greater criminal, Kel·
[n logg and Packard who outraged and
e murdered hiberty and law in Louisiana Pi
'5 for four years, or the man who re- wil
ry venges his private wrongs opon a was
id pri-atC individual f a Ji
O Mr. Packard has a perfeet right to ple
live in Louisiana, but he has no rtght
t, to make himself the public accuser of ovid
t* its people; ihe should be dealt with inTe
some way and summarily for Jud
9 such a crime as the continued defam- hiu
'r ation of a, whole people. we I
P We, in the name of the people, and
e call o-nI the officers of the law to self
e drive oat this enemy from the citadel. gene
- guihf
There seems to be reason to' believe
that England, France, Germany and Thb
" Austria will soon be mixed in with the wOint
* wa~; Keep the flour barrel. in the shade. war.
To the Patriotic Taxpayers;
some The Polce Jnry has passetd an tir
Smet dinance reqiiriug the paytment of
State licenses for 1876 and all forteited
ntion bonds in currency. This we tousider
e for an ordinance wise and pattlotic, not
ingly withstanding the fact that the law 1
the quibbl, r: have risen in arnsn,as it were',
against it.
'lect- The cry has gone up for years a
1our againist, pot only mnismanagenment of
a Sn- parochial affairs and the squander of
upon1 public monelys, bitt everyt one has ex
itical priessd slihame that our parishi issue '
'usly should lie hIiwketl about as worth
iopes less for li'ant of a buver ; and many'
Iant- pjoor menii htave beenl compielled to at
aficli tIend courts, have done work and fur
Iale- iiished material to this parish and
us of were forcedt to t;iake worthless paper i
were as ait represenitative for money.
y as 'l'he present Police Jury have de
ider- terfuined to follow a line of financial
our policy which they have formed and j
with digested and which will place this
stify pa lish upon its fect financially once i
iore. i
sudtl- T'he law of the legislature forbids
uniider extreme penalty, the issue of
iany warrantts after the first ltay of<
that October next annd the law gives that
iroen length of time simply to allow police
11si- ,uiies to prepare their fiuaqcial con- I
ence ditions to meet that wise change. It
voke would he the height of folly to sup I
mnis- pose that an intelligent police jury
die 'toiild set tlown and isasue certificartes
eo, onil up to the first day of October,
indis, hoping that a '"Micat her turn up'. f
see- would relieve themn and the parish *
im- from a ilt we hate dragged in for I
ten years or maote. 0
sFb- The issue of all paper has been c
stnd sto)pped. Witness and juror certifi I
dlily ('ates alone excepted and they ire re- r
ceivable for current taxes. Some (1
aderI money is required to nicee daily ex- t
ieon penses; to meet the entitre expenses
of the present District Cortt; to pay s
erlie these very witness and juror certifi- r
ied c:ates with,in fact, anrd the police jury t
have set aside and namied a part qf j
the tax due the parish which they re- r
fl--o 'Iurie 3t,11l be paid in currency in or- s
but des to meet these expenses and carry o
bied out their piants. Thley rely ulpmx the is
Feb patriotic taxpayer to respond to their a
Ised call and they insist that the clamor e
ºion, of those who do not understand or r,
415,- will not understand, that the way to n
resume currency payment is to t@- u
the some at once, shall not be allowed to c
rat- bias their faith in fit iortk for flu'an- g
ities cial redemptit now going on. i
Are The present police jury 'till make a
tigs, all classes of paper now out 5(1 per sl
and cent better than tAt p'teseit if-tile p
ree- taxpayer pays his taxes--tihat's all. a
the - - -
I The Abuse of Wiltz. N
'r There are a certain class of slip- n
1811*
ish- pered, obese growlers, who persist- b
W"11 antlV abuse any attempt of a youing p
tin' ntan of talent to rise ahove the corn- "
and mironl tel of t follower of the "old- re
est nnd the iest.', 'hlese art those a
lOen who would have assisted in c'rtcifyiinw y
act- Christ, hind they lived ii liis thai-, sirlo- Ii
i of 1ly becamse he coitfounoded the learn- al
the rd doctors at the earli age of twelve, cl
'ehll not thitt l was smart1 btt becaoe 1
is a lie show-ed it when lie was,. to them, sil
be enti-rely too youthful. Tite main ob- y<
>tl jecetiot these played out fossils urge y<
agaiinst our Ltl EGoverftr, Wiltt, is t<
his that he is too yontag and too ambi- s
iad tious, and that he is not Conserva- 'o
rid- tire. In othet words, Lt. Governor m
'f a Wiltz has developed THE MA1& at aKl d;
ny earlier age than Ihey think is rrght, rt
5a ianld he hais preserved, in all the dirty ct
fuill wreek lf political bummncrists in ce
ni- Louisiana, unsoiled skirts, and is fo
ost lond and clatrion-toned in his war ri
against fraud anrd its creatures, the be
pa- rinqs of New (arleans. Ia
ion, We ohiposed the nomination of Mr. st
'rat Wiltz uipont our ticket as Governor, Ia
but we were for him strong foi the SI
second place; our opipositiol spraneg in
front no adchl causes as ate put for- to
'ird ward as arguments against him by tit
for those in whose way he stands in the bl
of- accomptishelatne of some asiniter end. be
ild Mt. Wiltit is too popular i his iron- WI
le- esty of heart and partiotlam of pur- co
ro, pose are too' welt known to be affected
by by the clamet of these fells19s who pI;
do nothing for the State and people at
:ry themselves, but furnish a certain
ey amount of paunch and ponderosity to dik
ed the party which, they flatter themn- bie
af. selves, renders it respectable, til
01 w', hand down these few remtarks Ie
do as a ,eo, .., ., *,,,,,,. dei
od MIr. Wilts, by certain parties in New Set
ily Orleane, and they are welcome to all
the comfort they can find in them. not
ch One thing they can be assured of, er
u- Mr. Wilts is in full accord with the thi
p- people of this State, and his views De,
at find respiouse in the heart of every I
Id man in this section. They want no Tw
le dilly-dally with tire enemy, but a ntu
sound flealocratic State government. *
; - tie
d DISTRiCT CouIT. - Judge tiavid er,
Piersna fpened Coatt last Tonday T
. with a toll attendance of the lat, It Gmen
a was really refieshing to see once more
a Judge on the bctch whom the peo- and
pIe had elected. From the manner not
in which he went to wnirk, It was T
Sevidetnt Ie was aufallat Iris bkeiness. som
n The docket is a lengthy one, and of
Judge P. hrs a labotioits tasf before live
himu for this hot weather. Howeter1 upt
we thiink hbm qnite equal to thle task, dent
and feel assured he tiill acquit him- .won
self with hronor and dignity, and give hav4
general satisfaction, lecept to the the
guiltyp
pure
The Sultan of Turkey says that the will
women are to blame for this European parii
war. St
"Siu
s Beginning of Court.
t1r- His Honor Judge ----- opened a
t of court with all the dignity suitable to c
ited the occasion. Th2e first thing entered i
ider into was the hearing of the excuises
not- of bhe jurors anxious to get back I
law uhome, tid to be relieved from ser- '
crc, ving their country at a dollar a day.
'TheI first juror J. Smith cane forward r
(ars and l aid he wl anted to be exclseCd if
t of the judge would so allow. '"state
r of your grounds for excuse" said his
cx-I Honor. "Well judge" said Smit h,
ssue "you see mly family is all sick, crop I
rth- in the grass, andT no one to attend to r
aany all these mattelrs but myself." "Your a
at- grounds not sufricient," ruled the tc
fuir- J nudge, and tip stepped Jake Aquadrcr,
and "'Why should you be excused," quer- t
uper ied his Ilotuir. "Well you sec Mr.
Juidge, I'se bill juryman afore, and a
de- dozent tink its far to make one man t
cial do all tie work." "When trCto yuan a
and juror," asked his Honor. ''Las J
this court, sal, las court sure." "Who
)nce was judglt at that timue,'' demanded
the court. "I)at gemluan settin rite
bids dar, Mars Chapman," (pointing to
e of Judge C- ) "'You can ihe excused,"
of coinplacentlt y reinarked the court.
that Next was John Adolphe, "'lWhy
lics should you be excused," interrogativ
'oil- ly said lits Honor. "Marse judge, I'se
It an old chicken, iou bet. Why forde de
ºup Lord dis chile had grand children li
uryT when Sam Hiuston went from hli'ar to t
0
rtes (ite the Mexicans."' "'What y ear 0
;er, wag that," clhronologically inquired ti
up'. flue Court '"UDon't no bout years, ii
rish .Mlarsjudge, but I'se been hi'ar too
for lonfig not to be out'en the juryman
age." "Where were you born r' lo
reen callyS questioned his Hlonior. "Rite tl
tifi. hi'ar, Mars judge, rite hli'ai down de I:
re- rilber when a squirl coud jump cross P
ine de Bonju. " Have you any registra- d
ex- tion of your birth," asked the court. wv
ises "(hi no Mars judge,, 'is culled pus
pay sons had no 'stration papers in dem -
tifi- reb times, its only since 'leCtion
mry times us has denI plapers." "'The
qf juror is excused," blandly teniarked
re- his flonrr. Next catne up a tall, thin,
or- sanclltilllmonious cUil,,,uwi sjetilelJ w
try of humanity and said lie was ia uinD- I
theI ister of the Gospel. "Are you reg- ui
iCreir ularly licensed for the calling 1" ask- ti
nor ed the court. "No, sir, Ibut I tim
0 or regurlarly called for to preach," -
to meekly responded time Juror with eyes
i'- upturned to the eilinug; "The ex
I to cuso is good and the prelacher may
an- go," said his iHonor. Next man camnie
up with a sullen air atnd defiant look.
ke '"Whlat excuse have you' td offer,"
perI sharply asked the court. "In de fust
the place Mfr. judge, I am not a demecIrat
and what's more sal, I neber will be.
Now my comprehlenshin oh de biz- lI
ip. ness is dis- dis a demecrat court and cC
ist- lein a good publican voter, its my gi
lug positiEonf ndt to eari'e witl? any of demn d:
mu- w'hito lheagers." "Well sir unless you
14d retire, d.-termirnd to do your duty as ca
ose a good citizen, the chances aiud thrat
iing you may serve in jail;l" quietly re- its
imi- iiarkcd the court. Whereupon the
n-. ambitions poliitician retired somewhat
'e, crcstfallln. Henry CO'ikien caine for
use ward asking to be excusedl. "Why L.
im, should you not he ¶vidling to serve
ub- your country ?" asked the court. "If
rge yer 'onor plhaes, I hdare no conntri- thi
,is to sar'e, entirely." 'How is this?" f
bi- said the court. '"Well yer see yeri de
ra- 'olor, last Fall in New Orlean I lost of
nor my naturalization papers and the I -
an darn radicats wouhl not give me my Pc
irt, registration papers; theref'ore I ave 1a
rty concluded not to be a citizen of any
in country." "Thif country will hence
is forth protect hor citizens in all their
rar rights, whethcr native or foreign
the born, whether they hail froma Green- r
laInd's icr immutains or India's coral
Ir. strand, the protecting otgis of' the pr
ar, lawT will follow. Go, and wlfen the dao
ihe Sheritfcalls,answer to your name, re- ty
Re
ng instate' yourself in the role of your
,r- country'sa oior, and when election
by times Comes around, the beneficent
he blessing of the elective franchise will
id. be restored to you. Sheriff proceed
n. with the regular business 6f the
ir- court."
ed Thiis is abmit w ftat might take
ho place in any cotirt room tn the Smith
aie at this time.
in In 187(6 Kellogg "requestd'" that air in
to dictment against Cain Sartain for rob
1- bery of the School Treasury, should he "
quashed, and the Democratic press and
P, eople were justly indignant. We un
., derstand that a certain Denmocratic State g
Senator appri6hcd the District Attor
ney of this District, anl state( that pro
ccedungs against M. H. Twitchell, the
n. notorious bnnmer and thief Of Red Riv- A
f, er parish, be delayed. postpdnxed,-or some r
ie thing of that sort, at the request of the Lar
r' Democr'atie AttoriieU General of the StateP riid
y Is it in order to inquire whether this e
,o Twitchehl pestponement is part of the U
8 tulderlyung trade by which Lonlsiana 1cha
t* was so gloriously (?) waol or is it a lit- voto
tie continuation of the rulbf the rsurp. hec
ml er, Kellogg ?
The people demand that the Attorney· to 2i
t General stand up like a little man and dow
a speak out They insist on knowin may
and knowihig imnmediately, whether or
r not they have siip1S chritged rfasters.
5 The Record, established in this city ~
- some six weeks since upon the ruins -
I of the pap organ, the Republican,
a lived through five issues and threw c.
uap the aonge in disgust. Indepen
i dent jouritalisur in corlntry piarishes DRY
- .wont pay, as the Recordr managers
have sadly learned. The material of
the Republican (late Record) has been Anu
purchased by Mr. John Hewitt and
will be removed to Mansfield, DeSoto
parish, where he will establish a r{IG
"Simon pure" Democratic papcr.- Macr
Wo cllil for thie VIND)ICATOII the
largest circulationi of anly country paper
a in the St atfe, and our already flattecring
n circulation is coiist:tiiit i cre3 i nrei . ()fit
1 i nflutiencec and readers are not pimrly loo
s cal ; Sai ne, Griant, W¶vi jn, Vernoii anid
R lied Rivcr, comlie within tlio scope of our
weekly visits; IWjsideqs which, the VI\
Cf'Ai4 JR is well kntownx in all Darits (If
I ouisia.iIIln Ad vertisers1 whio desire1 to
freach a cu3st'13m f r their l rtiii,'ss will
pi lurtig thei \is X T 'r. In.
J Mr. II. 1I. Baker, ol New O '1ean3s, is
o)r oiinly althowrized agent tor that city
I) a id (1313 Ilkl i(ess 31031 :irc 3esp~ect'uhll
r etci'itu toi hit il or termls aind Cates of
r adllvertisi5. r.Mr. lB.iker cai bleC f(oti l at
the , ]º·,,rocrrnf of icc.
'lliii interest. of 'New Oileans~ dknll 13(
haiit ;;!ie should strkve fr the tradle of
this se'tlon3, which St. Loui3s and ('ii
cin u;i t i are lighi( I~ug her ftol. 'n. bte o ' rr
aiil to 0)t' hoilO meltt'opoPlis can1 he found
1 than~l thle I'!:EiPLE'ý. YýI~onATlii.~t
Las JUDICIAL Al)VERTISEMiNTSI
ho
oed NoIicc.
to OVii:1i, ('IF STvA'PF TAX Clor ECtOr,
d," NAT 'Hii 1(' 011 E$;, LaA., Ju ie ý, I 77.
tt, alTT'ENTI ON (t Tax Pa':vers of this
S ` PaIrish ( is called to Sec. 51, of tlie
Revenue Act of ' T7, a:s folows:
IV S- ,. 51. Be ii fiurther anacted, cfr.,
l'se That as sooni as frirnisbed with bIlank li
e cetises thle tax collector shall give intice
to each person liable to the paytmet of a
ten license tax that paynient thlereof In ist
to ibe tmade w ithin fifteen days, a.111 in case
of failure to pay such liicewe he shall,
ear within twenty (lays firom said t ?tifica
red tion proceed to seize and sell, after ten
tdays aldvertisement, property olf thie de
irs, linquent to satisfy said license.
too E:c. 53 directs tihe Collector, on the
I 1_ ist Monday of November to file with the
Recorder a list of all unpaid taxes.
lo- The filing operates as legal seizure of
lite the property, and will hear 8 per cent
d intetest. On the 1st Monday in )cellm
he er all property so seized will he chi :at
0ss puIl ic auction, without appraiseminltt.
ra- Being mandatory, the Collector has no
a discretion but to execute the latw, and it
irt. will be done to the letter.
us- L. N LANE.
June 9.-*tf. Tax Collector.
emru
i: Estray Notice.
'hed
I HAVE taken up and estrayed two
SI Mares, one brown, with left fore foot
ten white, and both hind feect white, heft ear
n cropped off. Branded on the left should
er JI7 (connected) and cbuuter-branded
g- under it, the same JD, and branded on
so. the left hip AH (connected). Also one
Slight brown mare br uded J W on left
i hip. JOSEPH WELCH.
II ,"
Estray Notice.
ga IT AVE taken tip and estrayed, one
me sorrel maure. no brand to be seen ; two
). tears on the right ,jaw.
, ~ýJOSEP K. WALKER,
1st NOTICE.
rat Siccesjion of Eleocadie Coniin, dlr'd.
I'j LACOSTE. Admtinistator of tnhe
"* SucFcession of Elea;idie(;onin, dec'd..
iz- having tiled in this otfice his final ac
,nd( countt of adm inistration; lot ice islicthly
given to all whom it may concein to
my mwake their opplusition,i thereto in ten
Ctm days, other*ise the same will bie lr'nolo
on ated arid mnadrlo the Judgmentf of the
Courf,, and the ddrministrator's bond
al cancelled.
t Witness the 10on. P. A. Siutnons, Par
ish Jludge, ibis 4th day of June, A. D.
C 1877.
lie JNO. LAPLACE.
aInt June 9.-2t. D'y. Clerk.
tr- CONSTABLE SALE.
by L. Charleville, t
we vs. 10th Justice Conrf .
Mf . H. 0etrhricks. No. 50
If By virfue of a writ of ti. fa. issued in
rvy thie above entitled and numberted suit.
,and to tile directed, I have seizeid and will
otler for sale to the last and highest hid
or der, at the door of the Tenth Justice's
,st Office, in the town of Cloutierville, on I
Thursday, June 21st, 1877, the foMlowing
lie described property, to wit: .One Sorrel
ay Pony. Terms of safe-Cash, with the
e heefit of appraiseifent.
C. E. COMPERE,
y June 8th, 18i7. Constable 10th Ward.
c
:ir REGISTi~RATION AND AS
n~ SEGSME'T Y:
a- rTHE Taxpayers and voters of Natehi
a1 1 toches parish are hereby notified
that I will visit the differeint. polling
e precincts of the parish, on the followint
IC days, for the puirposo of Assessing ptroper
O. ty for State and Parish taxes, ndl uf ft
Registeting voters, to wit i
Ward 2, H. H. Hathorns, Friday :tid
Saturcday, Junte 22 and 23.
it " 3, irappe's Ilatff, Motiday and -
1 Tuesday, June 25 and 20.
S, Broadwall's, Wednesday $np
Thursday, Junt 27 mid 28. ,j
e 4, Cantpte, Friday and Saturday, is
Jutne 29 and 30. tI
" 4, Butler's Store, Thursday and b
e Friday, July 5 and 0.
5; " le nlah Chtrch, Monday and
Tuesday, Jtly 9 and 10.
" 6, Glover's, WVe3nesdayaiiThurs
in (lay, July 11 and 12.
b" 7, Zion Church, Monday amd L'
Tuesday, July 16 and 17.
,e ael', J dlesd and i
d r uly 18 and 19.
" E. E'`onday and tuesdaf, H
te a te Clnttierville, .lednesjlay and
Thursday, July 25 and 26. p1
>- " 11 Carroll Jones'1 Friday and Sat
As urday, July 27 atd 2S.
. As the time for completing the rolle is J
very short, the taxpayers are req nested
D t& prepare full discriptious Qf their
le Lands, Horses, Mules, Cattle, Wagmns,
r and all kjuds of taxable property, and
irve the lists reauly on the days, and at in
the places- ablove designated. de
.0 Under recejit laws, ille Assessor is an
a charged with the diuty of Regfstertug. no
voters, and in order tt vote at fitture ha
elections, it is absoltttel necessary that th
the nautes shall appear oti (ire new rolls.
I will be in mty offic at all times up 4
to 22u1 of June, and on all days not set
down above for appyintments. Partica 1
may therefore tuake their assessments to
me at any such titmeS.
r . jA P. JOHNSON,
Assefr·, 'Natchtitochics Parish.
Otce with Tax Collector, St. Denis St.
Natcltitoches, May 21st, 1877.
C. A. BULLARD. N. 1. CAMPBELL
Billard & Campbcl1,
-DEALERS IN
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIESS,
HARDWARE
And General Merchandise.
Corner FRoN'r & LAPAY.1TrE Street,
Nactchitiches, La.
HIGHES~T cash price paid for cotton andd
[I country produce in cash or mcottn inodi
March 5 --la.
tln f
ring-- -
onr .1JO II.~ l. ROfuI gI't s `
v - (Late of New Orleans)
.ad ATTOIRNEY & COUNSELOR ATiU
our (J l)i}( ATT'I
1 x- RiED RirI rFE PARIUSH, L0I.I
to will prafltice in Counshatta, Xate~i1
vill ches, ManIshll'l MaII, aadw in ever,
of North-wl t · uisna. Specialta Pt
1aap tion Ki)nvI Land rasesand ISule)
June 9th, Il 77-tf.
's isSTRAYED ORSTOLEN
City
all ' %ISALL Sorrel Poneaiy .
Of streaks ia face, bla t
at on leoft hiip. Had onlnsaddlel
brit dle w hen m issed. A li beral reid
will bh pail for te deliu' ry of theE
snd JOHN IE'yNKoLEftb
I: of June 9-2t.
11- NOTICE.
tc; L cost "illas me tIneas Clerk of
and Court, have i heli placed in
hands of Dan' carbroughrrl for eol1e
Lion. All Iers'Csm are inotified to pay
lihiii, and hint alone.
Ir .H. ' 3IEZIaRE
Jlute 9. Clerk.
Special Notice.
O atIa Nii:S, June 4, 187,
o 1On atd after to-day, all mcsaD.8
received by the Mechant u 0
this 'T'elegraph Cuompany for New Otleaps
the the tariff will be fifty cents for tee
tr, words, and three cents for each ald.
li ditional word; the tariff from Natch.
tice itochles to New Orleaus is one dollar.
all offices on Merchanut Union Co.'
ast 5) cents. ENGLISH.
;I'll ___ ~__________________
i WHEELER & WILSON
the
the
of
'fat
toir
111
Iait
'it.
1101
Id it
>ot
eatr
ld- Highest Preminm at Centennial.
led
on PRICE, $75 to $100.
Also the Famous No. 1 & 2
iA MIL Y MA CHINE'
The Qualitits which Recommeod them ti
1. Beaulty and excellence of s.tch,ialike
)met on both sides of the fabric sewed.
wo 2. Strength, firmness and durability of
scann, that will not rip nor rilvel.
3. Economy o1 thread.
- 4. Attachments and wide range ofajp.
plication to purposes Iand materials.
'd, o Compactness and elegance of model
aand finish.
i: fPuplicit7 naid thoroughness ofcou
ofl o strnion:
S7f. Speed, ease of operation and man.
Sagemlenat, nmid quietness of movemnent.
hni Parts, such as oil, 1needlCs, &c., alray.
Ilo- on hiand nand for sal., by
le 1 J. I'. JOHNSON,
fad at JI.IL. Carver's.
&'S'iall ott en&lr ufonthly tcrma..g
D. NOTICE.
S 'tate oF N.v'r crrmocnvES,
St'tf TaK Collector's Office,
May 22d, 1877.
This offict jp noW opcn for the collec.
tion of LICENSES mmd TAXES, due tht
State and l'arish,.
f. 1. 8. LANE,
Olce on St. Dcii St. Collector.
* May 2( tf.
d
c 'the Maricolla Dwelling Honue, on
oil Texas Street.
ag Apply to J. TRICIEL,
rel Apal1.-tf. Agent.
l1e - - - - __ -- --_
PHOTOGRAPH GALLERY
·t.-AT
I GRAND ECORE.
Pictures I
Pictsues if
LPictures Ifi
a You can have Three CardPictures take!
(f for FIFTY CENTS, at the Photograpk
gallery at Grand Ecore, La.
ad A. G. RUDD,
Photographer.
Dissolution.
P t)avid Pierson having become District
Judge, the Law Firm of Jack & Pienso
Y, is dissolved. The unfinished busine's of
the Firm will be conducted and setted
ad by the Caindereigned.
April 18-tf. WM. II. JACK.
. EXTElNSli'E SELL OUT.
ad Uncle Sark sold his constitution
For 14 Amendment'.
ad tI. 8 Grant swapped Sam Tilden
For Hayes and Caaey
5., Hayes swapped Packard for Nicholls. .
Chamberlain crld his tax collector.
d T'o Wade Hampton.
Packald gave the State House as a don*
ation Meortis Cbse t.
Francis T, Nicholls.
I5 Jacob A., sold his, stock of goods, y;d'
d yard and ware hood
ir bnsiness~to Joseph N.
Wolfson.
d In retiring from the trade I have beg'
at in for the last 32 years, in this parish,1
desire td Olpress my thanks to my ieaYI
s and cfastomers and commend them to thi'
S. new firm who purchases my stock 5l@
e have the facilities required to espply
t their wants. Very Respectfully,
JACOB A. WOLFSONi.
P Grappe's luff, Ma rch 5, 1877.
Zaeoca. 1d Caztel
001FF133 053
Corner F&ONT and HORN Street'.
March 25--ty Lunch free every day
LUMBER!
LUMBERU
-AT
I¾m. TRAMJELL'S
STEAM SAW MILL, Five Miles Sooth df
Natchitoches.
Is prepared to fnlnish at short notice
'aelow cash pm ices.
2WM. TRAMMEC*i*.
we -