lpirit of thq Country Press. My
Record, Union parish: People
thoroughly organized for political
work, aind much enthusiasm mani
flrted. Six
Telegraph, Ouachita parish: Cit
izens organized and preparled for At
action. There will be no falter. Deli
ing ip the line, but a steady ad- w
vance to victory. CO
Oracle, Claibourne parish: Is ILt
full of communications fron citi
zeus. on the situation, all of which
speak boldly, and augur much it
good. leii
Clarion, Mlorehonse parish: D. Y
I Norwood, Esq., Editor, was shot "'¶
by negroes, but fortunately very Dal
slightly wounded, for his out-spo- i
ken opposition to the Radicals of WI
that parish.
Beacon, Richland parish: De- A
mands that the citizens shall lay
aside private animosities and come tl
forward as patriots to the assist
ance of the Democratic-Conserva
tire party. Clubs are being form
ed, and outlook encouraging.
The Louisanian, Pinchback's
radical paper, says in substance,
that Packard has no standing for o
"character, ability and integrity,
coupled with identification with
the State," but, since the Conven- n
tion has nominated him, it con- th
siders it a "duty to support him."
That is just the way all the re- l
form Radicals talk. Much bluster 1
about good men, and then a swal
low of bad ones.
-.-- --hi
Our friends must overlook short- tI
comings in the columns of the it
VINDICATOR. The editor is ab- I,
sent attending the Baton Rouge ,
Convention, and when he returns di
the work of the campaign will
fairly begin, during which the i
patrons of this journal can rest
assured he will do his duty. t
As success become more assur- s
ed, eaution should be the watch- .
word of the people. Because we ,
can elect any one, it is no reason '
why we should not pay regard to p
the real wants of the public. We
are not speaking in particular
terms, but in general. We are
for the samcesu of principle, and t
that principle is reform; that hon
esty, virtue, and capacity, shall t
rule, and we are not for individuals,
If the party fails to recognize
the fact, that the most honest, the
at l l ,et aw n d.the mosf t ar anble,
..- u.a-putUpon the tieket, thiey
musat not-expect, and will not re
ceivethe support of the people,
We wear no man's collar; we con
tend for honest and available men,
if they are not given, then we will
a t defeat with shame and
bhiialiation, as will our people. If
a change of masters is all we are
to gai!p it were much better no
battle be made, and we question,
gravely question, whether oar
best men will consent to take the
responsibility of a campaign to
elect "sticks" or "bummers" to
oSieo. Let us then be careful and
wise inthe selection of candidates.
The Lonisiana State Register,
republican, repudiates the Redical
Btate ticket, and enters its sol
S emit protest against the use of
troops in the State during the
ieletion.
---,ID -I- -
Slate makers are busily engaged
fit iguring up the probable re
sults of the Baton Rouge Conven
tio" and the oomparative strength
of eandidates. Patience a little
while.
Grant determined to convince the
people of the Union that the Bris
ton orowd of reforsers are one
to ]republicanismn, has order
EPo t Master General Jewell, to
pb t'..- dial., yom have had
'est have opened the
gatat laid the goldea eggP, and
bet lieteCaretse up high. Yoa 1ave
,lsa.tbllgs of smillous of dot
b laind mniogs of men. lou have
bled tim Constitation and made laws
fm myoti ad. nagaipst that of
ibeem you have deliber.
o d efully robbed. You
ith tsuzt stieo till it has
krh prmlety vale
' Y tbe filled -the nland with
ibe ehts. You have
roee bCbebsinm faese to
'a.'tha s to. look after tihe
t . Yes heve thought
oi yor' personal oad
,t tim mr)y of molions
e-e"shigueas.-Pitaburg
-..his oumldri, ., Teei.
tvalt: duIlhld
"~~es o
414 1; sm
IMARTIN & SMITH, 81i1"
eont
-STEAM
SAW MILL,
Six miles south of the city of Natchitoches
PRICE: for.
At the mill, per MI. ....$5.00 to $10.00
Delivered in town, per M.,.......... 14.00
WT E TAKE pleasure in informing tihe
Vp lhlie that wear prepared to take
CONTRACTS to build cabins, furnishing
therefor, nlumber, material and labor, at
very low rates.
BOX COTTAGE,
with gallery, 14x18 feet, complete, shin. TI
gled roof, put up for 125.00
BOX COTTAGE, 12x15 feet, with gal- tion
lery, complete, put aup for $100. in t'
Planters and others will find it to'their JaIt
interest to give us a call. It
Orders left at this tifle or with Louis inte
Dupleix, will meet with prompt atten- Ind
tion. grel
-- Orders left with Mr. E. Smith, at Bea
Willis Holmhnes' will meet with prompt Nev
attention. elsd. of a
MARTIN & SMITH. ges
April 10- ly. for
Viat
ei Get your printing done at eihe
the VINDICATOT J:b Office. per
trol
WILD OATS8.
lpei
PROSPECTUS FOR 1876. Re
Hi
Clhamapion Am fTel
Champion American Comic Paper ! trio
Inl
Illustrated by a corps of the best Amieri- ers
can artists, an1d contributed to by the yei
most popular humorists and satirists of in
the day. the
h Wild Oats now enters successfully up- Pa
on the sixth year of its existence, and ill
has becone the established humnlorous and Co
r satirical paper of the country. It was
started and continued the first year as a S:
nonthly, then, to satisfy the denmalnd of sal
the publlie, it was changed to a fortnight- in.
lyv. Still continuing its good work of are
lhitting fidly ps it flies, and showing urp p
the political andl social shams by its cl
masterly ca rtoons and pungent editorials, cn
it achievtd even greater success than Dl
. before, and was recognized as thi ablest.
and brightest of itseliass. Since then we
Lave yielded still further to the public A,
g demand, and now publish Wild Oats S
weekly! It has literally grown into its a
present shape on its intrinsic mrits, be- w,
e ing the first successful weekly humorous ti,
paper ever published in this country. tlh
it Among the artists especially engaged
to furninsº illustrations for Wild Oats are M
Frank Bellew, Thomas Worth Hopkins, es
Wales, Shelton, Wolf, Jump, Keettels, ut
r- Stuckhardt, Day, Poland, lind several of
t. others who are yet known to fame. A
In its literary departmcnts Wild Oats ti
' will, as it always has, stand alone and i
Sunapproachable. At least ones first-class it
serial story will always be found in its p
0 pages, by the best hnnmorons, satirical, rt
and character writers in the United
States; while its sketches and squibs p
1r will be sparkling, original and pointed. N
Wild Oats will be first-class in every `
particular, and on this account may be
I taken into the best families without fear
or suspicion, as no word or illustration
n- will appear that can offend the most fas
ll tidions.
e, IF Send for a Sample Cop!l and
7e Convince YoIrselves.
SUBSCRIIfrlON PRICE :
, One Year ...................... $4 00
:v 3 5lflhen.................... oo
Three Months................... 1 00
e, 8ingle Copies................... 10
fl Any person senling us a club of five I
subnscribers for one year will receive a I
Scopy gratis.
'll Address,
Ird COLLINS & SMALL.
S Publishers, 113 Fulton Street, N. Y.
EVERY LADY SIIOULD TAKE IT.
, PETKRSON'S IAGAZINE,
to TIIE CHEAPEST AND BEST IN
to THE WORLD.
Postage Pre.Paid on all BibscrJptions.
Cal This popular Monthly Magazine gives
nol. more for the money than any in the
world; For 1876, it will be greatly imr
,roved. It will contain One Thousand
th'ages. Fourteen Splendid Steel Plates,
Twelve Colored Berlin Patterns, Twelve
Mammoth Colored Fashions, Nine tlun
dred Wood Cats, Twenty-Four Pages of
ed Musie. All this will be given for only
Two Dodlars ayear, postage prepaid b3y
* the liublisher, or a dollar less than Mag
'en- asines of the class .f "Peterson." Its
th TBRIILING TALES AND NVOV
Ite ELTIES
Are the best published anywhere. All
the most popular writers are employed
heto write originally "Pterasou." In 187.i,
in addition to the usual quantity of short
na- stories. Five Original Copyright Novel
nette will be given, by Mrs. Anttn 8. Ste
phens, Frank Lee Benedict, Jane O. Aus
er- tin Marietta Holley and Daisy Ventnor.
to M4MMOTII COLORED FASHION
had engraved on steel. Twice the usnalsie,
the and are aunequaled for beauty. They
and will be nsuperbly colored. Also House
ahe hold and other receipts; in short, every.
lot thing interesting to ladies.
i of SUPERB PREMIUM ENGRAVING!
er To very person getting up either of
ion the following elnub for 1875 will be sent
has gratis, a copy dof our nlew and splendid
ie- meazotint for fanning, (size 21 inches by
itb 26, "Waehinton's First interview with
ave His Wife" Thhis is a Five Dollar Engra
Sto vinag, and the most desirable premnnm
the ever offered. For large lnubs, as will be
seen below, an extra copy of Mazazine
glt will be sent in additon.
erg TERMS (Always in Advance)' y2,00
a YEAR.
-e Poste Prepaid by tae PWMiher.
In Copies for..............$ 8 00
s.d 8 " "................ 400
t.e .................... 1o0e0
1s~tq.Us.·th C~ubL
superb mezzotint. "Washinrton's s First
interview With tlis Wife,'' to the per
son getting up the Club.
Address, post-paid.
CHARLES J. PETERSON,
306 Cilesnut street, Pa.
,a- Specimens sent gratis if written
for.
THE BEST PAPER. TRY IT.
POSTAGE FREE..
Beautifully Illustrated. And
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN now in that
its 30th yelr, enjoys the widest cireula
tion of any weekly newspaper of the kind
in the world. A new volumle coummences
January 4, 1875.
Its contents embrace the latest and most
interesting informationl pertaining to the
Industrial, MechanicaT, :and Scientific Pro. A
gress of the Vorld ; I).seriptions, with 1nd
Beautiful Engravings,of New luventious, siho
New Processs, and Improved Industries ten
of all kinds; Useful Notes, Recipes, Sug
gestions and Advice, by Practical Writers.
for Workmen anid Employers in all the Hi
various aitS.
The CIENTIFIC AMERICAN is the
cheapest and best illustra:lted weekly pa
per published. Every number contains
fronm 10 to 15 original elngravilgs of new
machinery and novel inventions.
ENORAVI 'GS, illustrating Improve.
mients, l)iscoveries, and Important Works,
pertaining to Civil and Melhanica' Engi
ncering, Milling, Mining and Metallurgy;
Records of the latest progress in the Ap
plications of Steam. Steam Engineering,
Railways. Ship Building, Navigation.
Telegraphy, Telegraph Engineering, Elec
tricity. Magnetism, Light amnd heat.
FARMERS, Mechanics, Engineers,
Inventors, Manufacturers. Chemists, Lov
- ers of Science, Teachers, Clergymen, Law
0 vers, and Peolle of all Professions, will
,f tind the SciEV'rtFe AMEtlIC.tN useful to
them. It should have a pllace in every
- Family, Library, Study, offllice, and Coun- A
Sillg Roomli ; in every Reading lRoom,
t1 College, Acaldemy or School. TI
is A year's nunlbers contain 832 pages and
a SEVERArL H'.t'Orv ENOnAtvmNoS Thou
[f sanids of volunies are, persecrved for hind
t- ing and reference. The practical receipts
af are well worth ten tines the sunscription
p price. Terms $3 20 a year by mlail, in
ts eluding postage. Discetllnt to Clubs Spe
s, cimens sent free. May be had of all News
in Dealers.
SPATENTS. t1im Scolelion with
IC AMEnIiCAN, Messrs. MriNN & Co. are
ts Solictors of American and Foreign Patents,
to and have the largest esthlishment in the
t- world More than ltity thousand applica) S(
us tions have been made for patents through
their agency.
ed Patents are obtained on the best terms cs
re Models of New inventions and sketclhes a
, examined and advice free. A special Sr
Is, notice is made in the Scientific Ameriecan th
ral of all Inventions Patented through this el
Agency, with the name and resident of ce
its the Patentee. Patents are often sold in he
ih part or whole, to persons attracted to the its
s invention by sunch notice. Send for 1)
its Pamphlet, 110 pages, laws and full di
al, rections for obtaining Patents.
ed Address for the Paper, or concerning
ubs Patents, Muýx & Co., 37 Park Row
rd. N. Y. Brach Office, cr. F :1al 7th sts.
try Washinton, D C.
be Jany ll875.--ly
tar gi
as- JOURNAL OF ti
AGRI;ULTUiRE ND FARMER,
A Weekly for Farm, Or- t
chard and Faw4ily -Crolo.
00 The Weekly Journal and Farmer is ak
10 consolidation of the monthly Journal of
Agrincultulre and the Weekly Missouri
ive Farmer, is nlow ithe greatest leadling popn
rea lar Farm and Fireside .paper of the
Southwest.
Its departments are complete and ably
edited. The Orange is a leading feature,
and this department is always full of i
egood thinigs contribnted by the members p
- of the Order. The ladies are heard n
through the columns devoted to their in- a
terests, and mauny hints of household a
utility and good advice can be gleaned a
u by those who wish to become ornaments y
in[ their homes and by their firesides.
All clases will he instructed by reading l
the Journal of Agriculture aid Farmuer, a
and no fiunmily should be without it. Its y
MARKET REPORTS , Ii
ore complete, authentlnic and reliable, and
the paper is worth the subscription price
ons, alone to get its markets, freshl and relia
ble every week.
Send for it I Read it! Take its ad
the vice, and it will pay you.
i Men and women, boys and girle, old '
andand young, give the Journal of Agrienl
stes, ture and Farmner a trial for one year,
elve and see if you have not made a good in
inn- vestment. Itis a large 8 page, 48 column
we of wlyAgricultural, Grange and Fami
Sly Newspapelmr, aud is free from political
I by and religious discussions, and its chaste
lag- and well written lages makes it a wel
a come visitor in thousands of households
). in the great Mississippi Valley.
Club agents wanted, to whom liberal
terms will be given. WVe want agents
All in every town and village.
Send for specimen copy free, and we
ask that you send us the uiames of your
friends, so bhat we may send them spe
elcien copu~s.
8ubscriptio price, #2.00 per anuum;
lAns- lubs of 5 or more, 51.50 achi. Postage,
uor. 15 cents must be sent with each name,
as we prepay every paper sent out.
ION Address
CHEW, CORDELI_ & ..Cn- r
a.. .. n rofli- Sith Street,
size,
ithey Et. Louis, Mo.
WHITEWATERWA00O
er Where we have no Agentf
esdid l them. Pie and
p ation. The Whltewate.
osts a trifleomoze than ordi
nary wagons, .but 1i the
4 0 ehepest in the long run.
o SEMPL.,E, BIRGE&CO.
4(N) I580UTH 'M158t T, ST. LOUlt
P- e w it00ine g ts, wll
~Iesa engo ~ipl.'I what pa
WE WANT AN AGENT INF
EVERY COUNTY
-IN THE
UNITED STATES! P
-00o--- oni
Gold Coin! $1,000.00 in Gold !
- 4---oo- -ult
a We Challenge the World,
And will forTeit $1,000 to any petson iwho can I1auence a remedy which will prove Js
And ...uglt. a 110 .......... d i-et rtaiu and e trctu ii Cure tor all P'autus and ALhes of__
bhatever form, external and internal, acute or chronic, deep-seated or otherwise
Sthan
hDr. Radolif s Great Remedy,
5
Seven Seals or Golden WONDER
We have h11d this challenigo of 01,000 prmuiinently displayed in all our Circulars
i and Newsilper Advertiselments, tfor the last touir years, and not taken, which of
Sshows the superior excelleuce of our Remedy over all other. For External or In- sk
's teriial use. C
ten .It will Effect a Speedy Cure in all Cases of
SHeadache, Neuralgia, Toothache, Sprains, Bruises.
Flesh Wounds, Burns, Colic, Cramp, Cholera
Morbus, Flux, I)iarrhoea, Bronchitis. Catarrh,
coughs, colds, Inflammatory Rheuma- T
tism, Asthma, Phthisic, Heartburn,
Indigestion, Summer complaint, D
Pains in Side, Back or Loins,
Piles, Ringworm, Felons,
Stings of Insects, Bites of
Venomous Serpents, 01
and Especially Ru
tl matism.
SA POWERFUL REMEDY Which is taken Internally by ANY ONE
--oo----
ill, 0
This celebrated medicine is beyond a doubt the greatest discovery in Medi
S cal Science known to the wohld. Its action is at once felt ; its wonder
ful cures are instantaneons; in fact it literally demolishes pain.
its 00
Oi EQUALLY G D001) FOR MAN OR BEAST.
i- -00- ti
e- REMEMBER WE GUIARANTEE EVERY BOTTLE.
No Cure, No Pay!
ire Try it, and be Convinced.
theý
c SOURCE OF HAPPINESS TO MILLIONS OF SUFFERING IHUMANITY.
During the past four years the wonderful success of this Great Remedy has far
ins exceeded our most sanguine expectations; thousands have been cured, and thou- c
lies sands have found out from acietual experience that Dr. Radeliffs Great Remedy,
ial Seven Seals or GolenI Wonder, is the Most Wonderful Pain Destroyer in Existence,
can the Most Expedious, Safe and powerful Remedy known in the World. Cures arc
his effected almost Instantly, as If by Ma. ic. Thousands of certificates have been re
of ceived from nll parts of our broad land, iisolieited and unasked for. speaking in
in heartfelt and universal praise of this Great Remntedy. from personal knowledge of
the its almost miraculous powers in curing the most obstinate and protracted cases of
for Diseases.
di---00
i 1,000 Profit in Four Months ! 1,872 One Dollar Bottles Sold !
ow READ THIS :
Scott Town, Lawrence County, Ohio.
Messrs. KENNEDY & CO.-Dear Sirs: At this late hour I will inform you of the
great benetfit I received from the use of Dr. Radeliffs Great Remedy, Seven Seals
or Golden Wonder, after being confined to my bed for eight years with a complica
tion of diseases,Iviz: Dyspepsia. Bronchitis, Palpitationt of the Heart, Pain in the
Right Side, with General Debility, for which I tried the skill of our home physi
cians, also a doctor of New York City, and two of Pittsburgh, and one in the
northern part of Ohio. Took enough patent medicines to swim in-all to no pur
tose. At length 1 was induced to try Dr. Radcliff's Seven Seals or Golden Wonder.
I sent and got six fifty cent bottles, and before using it all found myself able to
" n _ _ 1 . I S . - - .. . l a ~ t , n1 i t t l o r m o th s a o , a n d
travel in a buggy. lTok the arenucy for its salo last April, f•ur mo"ths ago, and
have sohidthirteen gro.s, or 1,872 bottles, up to this date, A gust .0th, 1872, and
i* ortnAt front Ii.' l r t .'. tny .k....... to oll 6..oo *IOlttsad (11,41000 bhottlet is inhe Slext
year. Gentlemen, if you think this worth using you can do so, as I am generally
i known over three counties as a aiat of great affliction.
I Yours Respectfully, 0H. J. DARLING.
p A REMEDY FOR HARD TIMES. TRY IT.
the
FOR THIS GREAT REMEDY WE WISH YOU TO ACT AS OUR AGENT.
ubly ---oo
nre, Dear Sir :-The above fully explains the articles we wish to sell. Thus business
of is honorable, and by being energetic, will pay you well. It is our desire to ap
bers point an agent in every county in all parts of the United States and Cana r, grant
sard nig to each the exclusive right to sell every bottle sold in the county. Should you
in- accept the agency for one or more counties, you shall have the exclusive right to
hold sell every bottle sold in your county, as long as you continue to act as our agent,
med and all orders which we may receive from your territory shall be turned over to
ints your account.
des. This Wonderful Remedy, Seven Seals or Golden Wonder, sells ralidly in the
'hug hands of the right kind of men, and we want none other. Now if you think you
ner, are the man for the work, forward your order, name your county, and go to work;
Its you can sell a gross in a few days, without a doubt. We have one nman who buys
on an average three gross per week, and his orders are increasing rapidly, and he
has a small county, (Berks Co., Pa.) He writes that. he expects to sell one gross
per day, at retail, the coming season, not counting wholesale. You have the priv
ilege of selling wholesale or retail, or putting it on commissior with druggists, or
ehca-selling by sub-agents. This business is worth the attention of good men and men
of capital. Should you make but reasonable wanes-say $100 per month for the
first three months (many make more)-you would nevertheless be establishing a
ad- business that would pay you largely in the end.
Agents are doing better with our Remedy titan anything else they ever took
hold of. Why is this ? Because the Remedy does just as we say, and our agents
old can warrant every bottle. No cure, no pay. Knowing that we make all losses
icu- good, should they be called on to redeem a bottle, agents run no risk of loss.
Seven Seals or Golden Wonder is put up in SI,0i anil 50 cent bottles, elegantly
finished in neat and appropriate wrappers, and packed in nice boxes, one dozen in
each box.
smi To druggists our scale of prices are-Large size, $1.00 bottles, per dozen, $8.00
tscl small size, 50 sent bottles, per dozen, $14.50.
Ist We give special terms to our County Agents at such figures that they can sell
wel- to druggists and country stores at the above price and make a handsome profit.
tolds We also give an
Extra Premium to Agents!
feral
ents In order to have live, energetic men to take hold of the business at once, we
tave concluded to give free gratis to each and every agent a present of a handsome,
~lefine
you Coin Silver Hunting Watch, Free,
Beautifully engraved, and correct timie-keeper, worth $20,00, and a certifleate of
ur; agency giving OLE CONTROL of such county as the agent may select (not al
tage, ready taken); and, furthermore, all orders coming from sutch counties as the agent
rse, may select, will be sent back by us to the agent to be filled-in fact we give sole
control of such counties as long as the agent continues in the business. Remember,
the Premium Watch is given gratis to the agents. We take this plan to have our
Great Remedy nuickly and thoroughly introduced. Let us hear from yot at your
.t, on se7 e i Il tr tme only .. -c**n
Mo. A ktsall Capital Required to Rsn a Large Pqing Buejuwss.
The capital required is very small, and the profits from it will fully equal that of
thousands of merchants who have invested a large capital in their business. Hun
dreds in alliparts of the country are making from $1.500 TO $5,000 A Y.AR.
And hundreds more will date their success from accepting our liberal offer at this
time. Any one willing to work for success can force it, but those who believe thst
it can be had from idleness are not the kind of men we want to push our business.
We walt
A LI YE, ENERGETIO AGENT.
As one suech is worth a dozen who expect a business to push itself. We have spent
in pushiig our business ONE HUNDRED. THOUSAND DOLLARS.
It has paid us todo it, and it pays our agents, as it advertises it thouroughly in
ever 8tate, County and Townshi in the United States--not only for us, but for
the Agent Remember, this is a life business and that every year it grows larger
and larg~er.
WeBO TT" send to parties contemplating to act as our Agents a SAMPLE DOZEN
BOTTLESeeurely packed with ourdifferent Poster., Bills, Show Cards, Terms etc.,
us UPON THE RECEIPT OF $2.50. And all sending '2.50 for Sample Dozen, we
will send free of charge. Samples of our Eight Elfegant hromos, entitled:
it ood Merniag ! Good Niht ! Feed'ug the Chieke~n. ! itther'e Grave ! Out
66 of the Fryiag Pass ! Bo Peep! Readiasg the, Bible ! Litt Lcne! "
f beyu want your county, let us know as son as convenient, as the territory mya
betken.o We would b pleased to have parties who eontemplfite taking an agen
di cy,t s for S am Package of this wonderful Remedy before engagig largely
Lli@ RBMEMBEE, WEB GUARANTEE EVERY BOTTLJE.
.NO CURE I NO PAY!
With ties. sggesetma we leave th. matter with you. We do not wish you to
S egag n S hqsl. ye wll tlw th bualaces s a busineag, and really deaire to make
u, W ant n but s scsct iouts men. To inch we will guarantee
r :l ,ce. Addes ailcmmrnn..... on t4
I've KENN'EDY & GO.,
i~ ~ Pit3abargh, Pa.
VICK'~s
FLORAL GUIDE THI
It
For 1878. their
1)BLISHED QUARTERLY. JANUA- it
ry Number just issued, and contains tires
over 1l00 Pages, 500 Engraving, descrip
tiolls of Iiore than 300l of our best Flowa
ers and 'egetabltes, with directions for cul- eial
ture. Colored Plate, etc. The most use.
ful and elegant work of the kind in the in la
world. Only 25 cents for the year. Pub- derst
) lished in English antd German. er 1
Address, JAMES VICK, ,
'e Jan. 1i-ly. Rochester, N. Y.
if - new'
ALL PAPERS QUOTE FRON 1T! ed, f
corn
THE It
Detroit Free Press. w
peril
rs The liveliest of family newspapers, full calc
i of interesting news, literature, humlorous teri
- sketches. spicy para rulaph, etc. Sample Ot
Copies free. Sulscription $2 00 a year, utri
post-paid. Address that
DETROIT FREE PRESM. ed 11
Detroit. Mich. the
able
edgi
NEW YORK TRIBUNE I ! eIt
The Leading Animeican Newspaper. rei
THE BEST ADVERTISING MEDIUM. ntcu
Daily, $10.00 a year; Semi-Weekly, ol
$3.00; Weekly, $2.00 l e
POSTAGE FREE TO THIIE SUBSCI- ciai
BER. stoe
Specimen copies and advertising rates me
free. Weekly, in clubs of 30 or more, r
only $1.00, postage paid. Address
TIlE TRIBUNE,
New York.
-eve
E ARTHUR'S ILLUSTRATED
- HOME MAGAZINE
FOR 1876.
Bright, cheerful, progressive, al ways up
to the advancing thought'of the times.
Tile lonne Magazine takes rank with the
leading and most influential periodicals
of the day. It is on the side of itemper
ance and trituechristian mnorality. What
ever is hurttifui it contdelmnts without
a fear or favor, and makes itself felt in the
homes of the ieople as a power for good. a
Tlhe Great Household Magazine of
America, is more thoroughly identified a
with the people iin their home and so
far cial life than any other periodical in the
on- country.
y, "DIeborah ,,nuan ; her work and her
Ice, reward." A new serial story by T. 8.
are Arthur will be commuenced in January.
re- "FIFTY YEARS AGO; or the cabins
i n of the West," by Rosella Rice. We an- II
of nonulce this new series of articles with *
9 of real pleasure. knowing as we do that it
will be amtonoi the most- attractive that
we shall offer our readers next year. I
S Miss Rice, besides holding the pen of a C
ready writer has in her possession 'a large
amount of original material fronm which 0
to draw, and a wide acquatintance with
the people whose personal remintiscence are
Gals rich with pioneer incidents and experti
encees.
the "Homes for the People," a series of ad
it irably suggestive articles on homes and
l how to make them pleasant and attrac
tive, by Mrs. E. B. Duflfey.
Tr- "The Story Teller." This department
will he unusnally rich. Besides an
iabundaitce of short stotries, two or three
and serials will be iven dtuing the year.
ind piiiway" Potts thle inimlitable de
allt ntor home le lf and lcharacter, will
lly have an arti::le in every number.
Butterick's newest patterns for ladies'
anid chlildrens' dresses alre given by spe
cial arrangetenle t every maonthl. a
The Mothers' l)epartment will be ere
fuilly edited and have suggestive articles
. from our best and most experienced wri
ters.
tess The Housekeepers' Departiment will be
apl- fill and practical, and contain lmany con
nut- tributionus from experienlced hounckeep
you ers.
it to 'The Lion in Love' and "The Interrup
out, ted Reader," two large and splendid pre
ir to mium engravings. One of these is sent
free to every subscriber,
the $2 50 a year is the price of ARTHUR'S
you ILLUSTRATED HOME MAGAZINE.
1ark; In clubs; 3 copies for $6; 6 and one ex
nys tra to the getter np of the club $12. 10
ad h one toextra $20. [V 15 cents must
rs be added to each subscriptioi for pre
riv* paymlent of postage for the year. Spo
, or cimen numbers 15 cents, in currency or
te postage stamps.
T. 8. ARTHUR & SON,
Philadelphia, Pa.
took I
S WILLIAMS' MOWER £ REAPER
n in
t al- SEMNLE, BIRGE & CO.
e 1 South Malnstreet St. Louis,
sOme CYCftY tMlfiG VlI IIE W ILLL
CHALLENGE FEED MILLS8
atof Combined
AI SHELLER MD BlURDER
incars. wih uu
spent Osage Corn and Cob Mills.
yin SEMgLE, BIRE & CO.,
iarger ( t
THE DUBOIS PATENT
m OTTON GIN.
- Tuui J amel, plase l t
a- Fa.Ns meIr agn aseat Linuu
"utrb, m'a'
L U113s33 *50.
WHY YOU S1101 LD TAKE
THE CINCINNATI ENQUIlt,.
It is the reople's .a:tr, devvot.I t.
their interests and we,.are.
It is an imlpurtial fientild to all n
measutes that Iwlnetit the ctntity.
It is the enemy of 11 m,.n and
tires that seek only pestuail _gsin ta
expense of tile country's welfare.
Its edlitorial columns are ftr the
cial purpose of excsing the fral.o
governhletet o0fils*. nd laws ante
in langttage calculated. ti, deeire the, as.
derstandiig, and make ploin to ite d
ers the motives, canteas and eflect~ *
general and pecia legis.lative 9ets.
Its new eslniurns coutainu the ht
news and intelltgeince that can be obti
ed froni the four qnarters of the lu
by means of the tdeegraph, muils n
correspotidence.
Iti agricultural clmtne ate lB til
adapteld to the wants of farnnes, lltj*
whom are invited to give their aii
elice anad results of new ideaIs nl i
perimenats of all kinds ct ihlnprv al
calcnlated to advance tile farm, in t
terents.
Oie Is1ne of thle Enquirer eontsiig
Ilml'oe olid inftrmati-n aeld intelligte
than caln he ad fronm fifty of the .e l
ed ht'erary palw'r.. Nohbi eit. l . I
flite Eillquiror without admitting a er +
alle aubddition to his or her stock of krol
edge.
Its market reports hove for yeants
acknowleldgetd is the most coluplete.5
reliable pnblished, and of great val a
Stock DIealers, P~ldcers and TWr; a
ncu gouerally.
It has depao tmelti and reading for t.
old and the youig. Ior thle faml !
de and tihe countig houmse-Fuor ters
chant cnd micihal:nic-'t, r the famer ad
stock dealer, atld for ladies and path,
men of every calling and station sa l,
Its termns are low as any first cbtpeli
per catll be printed thr, anl the qia~i i
and quia:ntlty of readitg matter used i
excelled byI ay other papeIr.
l'ry it for this rear. A Chromo It
ev'ery $2.OII slnseriler Send ,outr le
scrilption direet to the oilite.
R. R. .R
RADWAY'S READY RELIE
caUREs TrE wosTr PAlUS
In from One to Twenty Mlnia.
NOT ONE HOUR
iAer esrmlhgtbi advrtsemePnfSt aIn u s
aN iFFEIR WITH PAIN.
RADWATW READY RELIEP IS A CtRE1 l5
EVsRi" YAIX.
It wasthe first and is
,, The Only Pain Remedy
t1. tht tnutantlystoplhnmnartem.zrnueiutig sin*, im
lf Ila3umo attu , and citiea ttisbarkets, WlRhrlr &
Lung3sz Wench, Ilowels, or other giiudlBrgoirgsby
Seme appuicasson
a. IN FROM ONs TO TWENTY MIsUTU,
• io tter arw viotleit or Cexerwlatlnf thsal
IUM ATII*,Bed-raJde tna. ,irm.prppl(e-i. .su,
eoroleL. or protrated witthr , diseM maeyer,
RADWAY'8 READY RELIEF
* WILL AFFPPORD IN.STANT RIASE.
INPAMMATION OP TIER KIlNEYRN.
U8 INFI.AMMATION OV Tile BLbb.
i- ZNFLAMMATIOS oF THE noWELS.
C ONOMYTIoN OF TIE IT5g
h ORE THROAT, DIFFIC'ULiY BRaTIITiL.
it PALPITATION OF Tiii aWs,
ait IITERICS, CioUP, DllalERI.
CA TARRwl, INFWUIL
r. BHEADACAEF, TOOTHACHE.
(EODRAAIAI, RUEUMANI".
ICOLD BILI, AGUE CHILIS.
C Tbeapplicationofthe Reedy RIclieCtothLepte
Ii ,rits wherelhepllor lQicult" rhCiSalaOss
I ad Comlork.i
Teyd 'ptablfartomblner of water wll n..
re 3nom esurn DIRAMPS5SPAtSIi,5hJORU5IOA
BLEARFiURN, 81CK HEADAU'IIE, DIaMOP,
i- DYSKNERT t COLIC(:, WI5D IN TME 5OWl,
abail I TEIKAL PAINLS.
I 'shTmvelerbould a rray a b. si ef
l- Trarelers ta a
Rllyl ed elief wliththoa. A m' dom!e
ad ater r llreveno t ickille or rill rsr rol o
waer. It fa beirt' thant F enQu and·"i ior
c- mualait.
"tt FEVIER AND AOVU.
i FEVER AND ACL'Ecure'dftorfifty cmni. IsIi S
tso romolln1gentia this world tbt will ousme
ec d Alu. mi adll other Maloriotus. l -
phold, YCellow, atd other Feversvl m_
I Ic- I .Id'it qLIaqukksRAl )WAIII
LIISP. Fiftycentstapboutle
~ill ** *
: HEALTHI BEAUTTIL
re- ll AND WKIf L 3 t SKIt Mt A
BBIAUTIFULCLOMPLXION dbOUDO
DR. RADWAY'8
Suanprilliai lulveit
P- THE CREAT BLOOD PURIFHUi .
1U1CK.rO B4 RAPID ARE Tilt CHANIWP
I1ODY UNDERGOLUNDR THUND R IN U
OF T'ls TRULY WONDrIiUL IIm
I'S THaT
Eerjaalnrh
uore S eal t a aadt ;:+:
r s d srat ibeJA3RPAl I s ,all lB
sod
lbserst r ea easoM thires d
' djuem"4 able
w, nore ae led t eBr a h
lrioarysS ealditSt, 305 .rnsibb3.1~~e
whaIrgott, NetwhemiT,, oe.I ds ue
i, see( imn O wan
oolagitfoto de I3gi
Rnvs ii~iiomwpera m _rbl(
s ARSAARILLIAN wl io doe5M 'Or
leerilt; Dr. RAe D Ahir Y m
%BLossageBUUt)steer, T, angia
MII kompiue abven asOdis dimoIrbbis
uuoiw , Inu oteroudl. •u v1- 'w-s
Sl llertnip "miigfbq ld~L·Lsnlnb~ ----"
's O. InADWs' !
lPsteint Metal Lirali
th odieTlm etiOeit pea
gal, ,auh eor n- ino
v .a d ,dmv a Bl kar tbu$C
~;;;s~"Siw ortunca~ ns p~nd
Oii~~otWMst~b bionstof the ai
Whlomliborheeimao mwo. uI+ *U II9
U dlaal..;i~i~ ~"Wm'lll llmm iuwm ,,I '.
mim wh-o-e.o4ioeeu. .o
- 1 watent 1 l Y+u
anoo Wood Pu i*
agieate .dn uut o a t
Dsefar .ni,.t·ildamtd-rebso
• Iiemlovo' l M u
as esourmans
cuL seelni, uNI· so.... nd* owhtamrire sa
SDoro osl Deas gerUinS IS sf15
mne~, pOOL rr SOL 3 bitttItTS C F -
"FAME AND TRE. SleYmi
s. 'Dmp 3ADWAI~h :
meIdi Snidl~in
-nr L~.u ·IDr~rt W oo PnR
lbn. wmiit~~l oftbbalh''
ypagsejar p~e~ Birge& Oo
JI 38Wa1U1 0t1Pi Ii
I' w atim r auwrr mres LirJ