or lOry paper in 1the State.
Country --
ates of Subscription.
S$2 50
on ear- ...... ................ 1 50
Si nbe!ription taken for less than 6
months
A,-I I) Ir, Nv
~fi~iH AN~ (:'l''r W1
A--PS. was a tin
- like heair
Good Things Here, and Clipped. ars.
Nro jurymen to be excuse" this time. o on't do
Weather during the week cold and de- this time
lightful. tore and
Our toy and grocery stores are the pla- tears-}
ces of rushing resort about these times. Full mar
Old Cane river co"tinues to climb the The (i,
bank. and is in fine boating order. he
The prices paid for cotton are still up Full mat
-91 to 10. s
Thanks to the officers of tile B:rt Able Has " g
for full tiles of city and Western papers. stl
The river at Shreveport has begun to Our si
decline. Ti t ·tn
Hotel imen and eating houses are doing without
a good business, it seems, during these This is t
court weeks. scribe ft
Mr. Didn't-know-'twas-our eg islike- parsimo
ly to be introduced to Major-Janmes-on for thei
the-railroad. pers. I
Josb Billings says: There iz no man Master'i
who needs so much watching az the one their
who iz always watching some one else." raisd 1
Our batchers are giving us very gootl
at beeffor 8 cents per pound and we are phia p
glad to note an improvemeneut in the tly Mor
bread. this col
Sabine is represented in our city by has to
Judges McNeely and Smith, both of whom hour at
have been attending court during the tors di
week. ed the
A World reporter has found a baby 13 lingtor
inches long and a pound and ten ounces It is
the other way. It will have to be span- United
ked with a cigar lighter. trade.
John Patridge, of Pittsburgh was "roof
thrus'ed into jail for thirty days f.r cre- lvj ins
sting a disturbance. The sentence dildn't H rald
make him quail, however.--Norristown if they
Herald. tley s
Several of the ladlies present at the pockeo
Twombly-Vanderbtlt wedding, Wednes- Our
day, wore sulphur-colored dresses. Not must
much out of place at a match -making lnve
scene.-Boston Traveller.
So it strikes us. The
Went off with a flea in his ear-The
man who attended the dog.show.-Cou- and s1
rier.Jourual. The fi
Why did he embark in the business, if on ha
he was going to tell tales about it. lie's the ol
too much of a wag for a dog-show. Capt
The Springlield Republiean knows of' a we a
ase where a bottle of nmeilage saved a while
child's life. It swallowed the mucilage mond
lastead of some Paris green just as handy.
That story will hardly stick. "ami
Our Editor attended the wedding of
the daughter of our esteemed and cher- It
-ibed friend, Dr. J. W. Butler, which the I
happy event occurred on Wednesday last. to p:
Mr. Armstrong, one of our popular young cash
gentlemen, was the happy groom, cates
Fate seems down on the farmer. Here case
comes christmas and his pork is not yet minl
killed-but it will be, by some one of law
those dusky citizens who fears to lose his pror
"rights" under a democratic government Mr
sad wants to go to Liberia. not
Our streets during the week, have been ret
crowded with cotton wagons and the igni
merchants seem to be doing a very heavy
purchase business. Very little goods are
elling however, notwithstanding their dia
low price. mu
Capt. Andes Hailey,js spending a few hee
days with his brother-in-law Dr. J. W ti
Butler, on Tiger Island. The Captain is sn
looking in fine health, and it gave us otl
pleasure to meet him. thu
The railroad hands, save about 60, have wi
been moved up from Chopin's Cut, which ur
they have nearly completed, to the Kiasa- IT
chie Lake, and the Provensal grading pe
will be resumed. de
The trial of Capt. Sam Hynes, for th d
killing of one Sullivan in 1876, resulted a
in aaverdict of not guilty. A verdict in a
full accordance with the law and the ev- c
idece.bl
8peaking of the Black Hills editors as ,
poker players, the Deadwood Miner says, of
ifa fence rail was put uip as a blind, the
Uditors are so poor that not one of them
seold straddle it.
Our sanetum was honored during the
wsswith visitefrom Messrs. Prudhomme h
Mabin, Garrett and Charleville, while
we hald the pleasure of meeting our geni
a eind E. Maeson, the Democrat from
' eliMerville, on our streets.
SA arrespondent wants to know the n
idaition of the word "dealer" and whe- a
ther it means any person who sells goods. d
Io it don't. The dealer is the one who i,
haule the eards, turns Jack and plays it
Several exebhanges are giving directions e
"How to deeams. The most sensible way v
is to stay inbed'uatil the fire is made, i
sad then take year eleothes and trot out a
to the dining room atove.-Rome Senltel. I
S"Ym, Mr. Cameron," maid Mr. Welch, as
he Wrote out an trder for a first clas ca
bino pasage to England, "this is an 'oft '
year you know,' And Simon caokled a
demoniaeal laugh and answered uneasily:
"Off,'-yes, I see it."
Mai hal bittle peeled in two or three
glnersbefore His Bonor the Mayor. They
wess snquelched out of the usual V and
- est forth sadder and "broker" men. So
SUaa for Buckingham !
'e gin hbouse of Mr. Waters, near
SImamaery, was consuned by Aire on
:hiuday lil Mr. Wates and a man
Umse Slate was badly burned. Mr. Wa
: ' S mevely as to render his recovery
CI1irtnl,
The biggest "spoke" in the Senatorial Anthony
wheel is Wadleigh-spoke thirteen and a New trial.
half hours.-Free Press.
And the feller must have created a hub Jack Stre
bub. hIe has tongue enough to tire a Wash S
camp Imeeting. Wag on with your jokes. Guilty.
Soloman
The La. State Lottery Company send Virgil Br
us an invitation to attend a grand distri- guilty. S,
bution of over a million dollars. Ye Gods gprilonty S
what aggravation. We, a poor country costs ofsui
editor to sit there and see it showered costs 15 ca
out without the hope of clutching a cent Zango s A
The men, who have been in the habit trial.
of rushing into Barrooms, calling for a Henry
tifteen cent drink and throwing down a guilty.
quarter and going out without his change w" J. C
are studying how to beat the toy mer- guilty.
chant out of Christmas gifts for their lit- Lawson
tle children. to rape, gi
His aspect was at once mild anl bland, James A
and his countenance needed soap. There to murder
was a time when his childish prattle was Win. 1
like heavenly music to a tond mo!hers Sentence,
ears. lie used to slip offl and go fishing Jirm Ti
on Sunday "mit de poys," but -alas, he not guilty
won't do so any more. He went hunting Sam'l 1
this time, stumbled into the wrong pas
ture and picked up a stray pig. Two
s years-l- ailroad-next. Choice
Full many a gem of rarest hue serene
The dark, unfatlomed caves of ocean AgTxI
ago on tl
hear ;permon
P Full many a maid who toyed with kero- purt own
sine hands eat
he Has gently clamlered up the golden rollers, it
stair. hbut the
would ha
Our sublscribers complain of their VIx- arwn also
T)IC.rIt's being taken from Post Offices stopped I
Ig without their knowledge andl consent. P'ysi
sc This is done by people who will not sub- 'li, ami
scribe for the paper, being too mean and to say ti
e- parsimonious to do so, and prefer to pil- well. -
oil fer their news from their neighbors pa- ORtF
pers. Let our subscribers name the Post is to sa,
an Master's who give out their mail without has as!
r their consent, and you'll see some fellow the del
~ raised plumb to the limit. cimeter
"Woman graduates," says a Philadel- And hich
are phia paper, "are knocking at the doors of izes th
the the Massachusetts Medical Society." Bul- short,
ly for the Massachusetts woman. Out in mined i
this country it is the poor husband who Old
by has to get up and dust at midnight's holy prime I
hour and pound bedlam out of the doc, granite
tor's door with a brick, after lie has pull. mind.
ed the bell knob out by the roots.-Bur- ness.
13 lington lHawkeye. is his
es It is stated that ten members of the the Su
an United States Senate are printers by famou
trade.-Ex. N. B. We should like to see howev
"pwas roof' of this.-New York Comn. Adver fight a
tiser. Yes, their course in Congress hard- extrica
cre- l '"justifies the statement.--Norristowi ing d
Hln't Herald. A good many of them behave as' iem
Wit if they had been brought up at the "gal
leys."--Philadelphia Bulletin. Yes but& t
they have got the quoins down in their -Ite
the pockets.-Free Press. CAD
nes- Our impression is, thatthese hard cases extrer
Not must have struck a fat take to be able to Ed. F
have a bank account. Foste
The steamer Bart Able graced the mud n Boey
The bank in front of our city on Tuesday last, jtred
Cou- and she looked as pretty as a picture - died
The friends of Capt. Dick Sinnott were night
s, if on hand with hearty hand shakes and reach
lie's the old fellow seemed as happy as a lark. while
Capt. George Hamilton, the ofliec man, stjn
e a we are happy to say, was never hetter, litera
la while Tom D)owty, Ben Kay and Red the a
idy mond looked the same genial gentlemen man
as of yore. John the barkeeper was twen
"smniling" with every one. and
g of with
eer- It was reported by designing men, that D
s-ich the parish authorities were not prepared ry
Slast. to pay witnesses and jurors their fees in and
oung cash, upon the presentation of certifi- puty
cates to the Treasurer. Such is not the nol]
Here case, as the parish authorities are deter as
Syet mined to pay the pittance allowed by ma
n o law in cash and all have been paid rout
se his promptly when presenting their bills at thin
ument Mr. Lemnee's office. We warn people we
not to believe everything they hear about any
the court house. There are speculators dow
Sbeen ready to lie, and takethe advantage of the pris
d the ignorance of witnesses. hi
Leare Hungo Richords tells a laughable story te
trof two friends who were attacked by In- an
dians in Arizona. They were both on an i
muleback and time Indians right at their the
Sfew heels letting the arrows fly past them dis
J. W. thick as a swarm of grasshoppers in Kan
tn sas. One of the mules could outrun the al
Sa other, and its rider became alarmed for ,
the safety of his friend, who was spurring est
O, have whipping and yelling at the animal to po
t, which urge it along, but it could not keep up. lee
e Kisa- The foremost man looked back, saw the
ading peril of his friend, and, in a frenzy bar- Fo
dering on despair, sang out, '-Joe, why
fr th don't you come along I" Joe, whose legs
resulted and hands were flying in the air like the
ict in arms of a runaway windmill in a storm,
could not let the opportunity pass, and as l
an arrow flitted by his car, which, ifpossi- sh
ble, increased his exertions, he exclaimed, th
"tors Do I act like a man that was throwing to
r says, off t"-Arizona Miner.
lind, the eo
of them The sheriff of this parish is a genial
cuss; a Happy Jack fellow. He told a
witness in a criminal case, of not much ti
og the magnitude, and when conviction would 'q
homme have resulted in a fine only, that the de- tl
e, while fendant had made threats of bodily harm Ia
r geni- to witnesses in the ease and that be (the
t from sheriff) had armed his deputies in conse- E
quence and wanted to know if the wit. te
now the nesses "were coming fixed," as well as
ad whe- advising them to do so. The defendant 1
le goods. denied the threats, and when the sheriff
ne who is brought up about it, he says he was
Splays it "in fun." We are truly glad to learn that '
such a vein of humor permeates the oth
irections erwise solemn judicial structure. Fun!
sble way well now that's rich. Is not this fun bus- 1
s made, inese getting to be "rather monoton ous,"
trot out as the fellow said when his horse had
SSe ultel. bucked with him for over an hour.
Welch, as So, the struck buzzard stretched upon
Sclass ca- the plain,
an 'of' No more through armies and loyalty to
aokled a graze again,
i neasily: Viewed his own feather on the fated dart,
That winged the shaft that quivered in
or three his heart;
yor. They Keen were his pangs, but keener far to
al V and feel,
men. So He nursed the pinion which expelled the
steal.
era, near (Patterson didn't say it.)
Sire on W. IH. Tunnard, Esq., Clerk of the Dis
d a man trict Court, furnishes us with the tollow
Mr. W- ing result of the criminal trials to date.
is recovery Chas Monroe, Larceny, Guilty.
Remy Silvey, Pemjury, not guilty.
Anthony Thomas manslaughter Guilty.
New trial.
Jack Stron , manslaughter. Dismised.
Wash Stephens, Petty Larceny, not
Guilty.
Solonan Doty, Larce y. Not Guilty.
Virgil Brown Assault & battery, plead
guilty. Sentenced by court to I day im
prisonment in Parish Jail, .nd to pay
costs of suit, and in default of paying
costs 15 days further imprisonment.
Zango Moore, Larceny, Guilty, new
trial.
Henry Roan, malicious killing mule,
guilty.
W" J. ('oilier, malicious mischief, not
guilty.
Lawson Hankins, assault with intent
to rape, guilty.
James Atkinson, shootinº with intent
to murder, not guilty.
Winm. McLanghlen, assault, guilty.
Sentence, fined $1 and costs of suit.
Jim Thompson, assault and battery,
not guilty.
z San'i lyrnes, murder, not guilty.
STATE NEWS.
Choice bits from the Country Press.
ATTAKAArM :-We learn that a few days
ago on the Mathilda plantation near Cy- 0
ptermont lautling, Mr. W. S. BosworthI
part ownter of the place had one of his
hands caught in the cog wheels of the
rolle'rs, it w as compiletely crushed, yet he
had the courage to jerk it out, nothing
but the stump remaining, but for this, he
would have undoubtedly have lost, the
armn also, before the machinery could be
stolpped to extrianto him.
'hysicians being immediately suimtulron
ed, amputation was deemed inecess.ary
and Ieing skilfully made we are enabled
to say that the younng man is fast getting
I- well. -'T che ('ourier.
- OLEANs :-Anderson is King. That
t is to say he has King's position, and
it has assumed the responsibilities of
w the deposed monarch. He wields his
cimeter of power with that unction
which is peculiar to T. C. Anderson.
And yet he is not happy, for he real
izes the fact that his reign will lie
1- short, and in view thereof has deter
in mined upon making it sweet.
to Old Madison Wells, the present
ly prime minister to the sovereign of the
granite building, is in a like state of
mind. There are several reasons as
signed for the wily old man's uneasi
ness. Prominent among the causes
is his probable trial and conviction in
he the Superior Criminal Court. The
by famous and unequaled "counter,"
ee however, designs making a tough
er fight and will strain every effort to
I extricate himself from the embarrass
" ing difficulties which now surround
S\im. Whether he will be successful
alu & otherwise, time alone will develope.
eir -Item.
CADDO:-SAD CASUALTY.-WO are
ies extremely pained to learn that Mr.
to Ed. Foster, nephew of Mr. James
Foster, who was living on the old
Boney plantation near Keachi, was
on Monday evening last so badly in
st, jured by the saws of a gin that lie
- died from the effects the following
ere night. \'While attending to the gin lie
and reached his arm under the stand
irk. while the machinery was in motion to
adjust the seed-board, when his coat
sleeve was caught by the saws which
ter, literally cut his arm to pieces up to
ted the shoulder. The unfortunate young
men man bled to death. He was about -
was twenty-two years of age, was active E
and energetic, and a great favorite
with all who knew him well.-Times. It
that DESOTO :-There was a jail delive- a
n ry attempt on last Saturday night, bctf
esin and but for the watchfulness of De- b
rtifi- puty Sheriff Hogan and W. C. Rey
the nolds, who is our District Court Clerk
eter as well as jailor, they would have
I by made an escape. The most obstrepe
paid rous among them are ironed down,
Is at and if the Police Jury don't do some
thing towards the repair of the jail,
tople we mway safely say it is useless to lock
ibout any one up, unless they are ironed
ators down, which is a great cruelty to a
>f the prisoner this cold weather. The law
while having full authority to in
carcerate men for crime, presumes
story they are innocent until proved guilty,
y In- and it would be a terrible injury to
,h on an innocent man to lock him up, and
their then be forced as our officers are to
them discharge their duty and keep that
Kan- man until called for, to iron him down
i the to the floor, or beep guard over him
a the all night. It would be bhad enough
if you knew the man to be the guilti
urring est of the guilty. Somebody is res
nal to ponsible, and we cannot tell who, un
p p less it be the Police Jury.-Reporter.
For Account and Estate St. Ann Pru.
dhonune.
Lana Certificates.
39 83-100 Acres, Northwest quarter of
R the Southwest quarter, section 7, town
ship 8, range 7.
39 79-100 Acres, Southeast quarter of
the Southeast quarter of section 12,
g township 8, range 8.
39 79-100 Acres, Northeast quarter of
el Southeast quarter of section 12, township
8, range 8.
a 39 53-100 Acres, Southwest quarter of
h the Southwest quarter of the Southwest
Id quarter of section 7, township 8, range 7.
39 83-100 Acres, Northeast quarter of
the Southwest quarter of section 7 town
m ship 8, range 7.
e 238 10 100 Acres, West half of the
Southeast quarter of section 12, and the
e- East half of the East half of section 13,
t township 8, north of range 8, west.
as 79 51-100 Acres, East half of Southeast
nt quarter, section 13, township 8, range 8,
Certificate 17049.
160 40-100 Acres, Southeast quarter of
as section 1, township 8, north, range 8,
at west.
h- 160 Acres, Northwest quarter of sec
tion 7, township 8, north, range 7, west.
*! 100 10-100 Acres, situated on the right
is- bank of Rigolet Bondieu, lying contigu
ous and above S. P. landing, 40 acres
ad cleared and improved, with house and
cistern, balance woodland.
These lands will be sold at private sale
at any time, payable one half cash, bal
ance in one and two years, with good
solvent securities. To be sold on the 1,
to 2, 3, and 4th Monday's in December next.
at Public Auction to the highest bidder.
irt, For account and Estate of J. B. Prud.
in homme.
Two beautiful tracts of land, lying on
to each side of Saline Bayou, five miles
above St. Maurice, containing 406 acres,
respectively,
the Contiguous to One Hundred and Sixty
} acres of cypress break, adapted to a
Saw-Mill.
Annand tracts on Old River, East bank
)said to contain 455 arpents bottom land.
West bank 634 18-100 arpents hill land.
)W- For particulars apply ti,
tte. EMILE ST. ANN PRUDHOMME,
Campte P. O.
Natchitoches Parish, La.
THE LARGE£ST SHOW EVER IN' ......
LOUIS-IAlTA.
Since the
_O I"N TG- TO-- (,.(Which too]
World has 1
nal in tlhe n
ing. intetn sl
truthiful."
Friday and Saturday, Deeinier 28th and 29th. "Pary. t
IREQUIRING TIiE SERVICES OF seks to in
teacher. T
17 5 111 so200 II liD 1115 s 01. r victol
it by prefi.,
san triumpl
TOvances, but
1lOl 11 lo of a
analld fori n
for a tllorm
service alnd
of our pa'
inand wot l;
it
lENAGERIE, CIRCUS & COLOSSEUII. r,"ltolg"y
" word. TIll
5 fcrotic part
public sert
: t public scru
r" the Dmoc
W1
con tains aI
s ented iO ;
' te. ner ; the t,
li-e-- ters senut I
_-- parts of 1
1e taminr ell
est to the
e . 6holrt
from wee]
erfor The W
I tFull rD
S1lIt is in
ai maOne year,
of _ - " TO CL
atbthBes Peoer eer cogregated o Etcol, ht
of dressel
Sof fifty
te t copS f
of d ressec
a of tw
see '' With SI
min free..,_
(he With SI
gh postag
to With S
e. Witou
repost
Ala ESunday
ra raL A Pe c
Wtti et registel
ieg Addi
O t torates.
tand we o
oat where
ip to whr
bou f
res In the MENAGERIE DEPARTMENT you will see many strange
aimals neer before o Eibition and in the CIRCUS many daring
alets b t Best Perrmers ever congregated in one Establishment
Sbefore in the History of American Armuseilmeilts. OR
Rek- her o
alek WEE
have l prize
o~n, For t
lock For t
1 For
~uilty, For 1
are to For
oter \will
pert
Adi
trter of ho
.arter of
fa i mhi l Wh a
E range 7.
oarter of
CMutheast
range r,
7, west.
in Tn rE mIS .
THE WORLDI) VE(
-FOR- WILL CU
1878. Mr. Aler.
druggist and
Since the change in its proprietorship Me., always at
(which took place May 1, 87ti) "The with Rheumal
Worlt has become the brightest, spright- Rend
liest, most scholarly and popular jour- Sl'nixt
nal in the nmetropolis." "It is entertain
ing. interesting, bright, decent, fair and Mr. it. R. Ste
truthful." It does wrong wittingly to Dear Sir:
no man. no creed, no i terest and no I was taken s
party. It treats all subjects of impor- unable to ni
tance earnestly and with respect. It Fromn that t
seeks to make itself an agreeale cornl- this fall I
panuin, as well as a faithful guide and riheoiuatLisn.
teacher. Tile WoultD. regards the re- weeks at a tit
cent victories of tlie party witih whiclh ste'l,; Ihese a
it by prefeirence acts not as mere parti slltfilrel ever
san triumphs gained by partisan conltri- Over three yt
vances, but as the unmistakable expres- iienced takin
sion of a dlep and genuine popular de- up until 1 ha,
mand for new methods in government, had no rlnh]
for a thorough, puritie:tion of the public always advise
service anId 1 r a rectification of the aims with rhenuIal
of our party organization. Wherev'e: not ulti'r for
and whenever the Democratic party statent int is
proves itself loyal to this popular deit- Stevens is co
nand Till h WOI'LD) will resolutely up
hold it ; wherever a:iwhl whe v.rit hills Firfm of A.
short of or attemptt to (ont teraet this and Apo
popuilar demand THE \\WORLD will as
resolutely oppose and denounce it. In a V
word. THIE WORLD believe a the )emo
cr:ltic party to exist for the good of theHASEN
public service. It does not believe the ASEN
public service to exist for the good of
the Democratic party. Mr. Ii. It. Stn
SlDear Sir,
WEEKLY WORLD, severe attacl
contains all the news of the \week, pre- left in a ti'n
sented in a concise and attractive mttan- advised by a
ner: the best of the miany excellent let- tine, antlt aft
ters sent Iby able correspondents from all fully restore
parts of tihe world; bright and enter- 1 have I
taining editorials on all matters of inter- Rhleumatisn
est to lhe public. of the Vege
Short sturies and st.ories continue'd anL happy t1
from week to neek, written expressly I h:ave iree
J for The World hy the est auothors. others will
lFull reports of all the princilpal mar is a great
kets o t lie Unitedl States and tbreign blood; it is
countri's; a grange departlt ment, &c. cheerfully r
It is in every essential a paper for the JAM'ES
fa:nily.
One year, 52 nnlbers, postage free, less BHEUNL
thin 2 cents per week .......$1....00
TO CLUB AGENTS-An extra
copy for club of ten, separately ad- The blots
dressed. The Semi-Weekly WORL) contain an
for clui of twenty, separately ad- acts by ct
dressed. The Daily WORLD for club diseased co
ot fifty, separately addressed. tion. Vel
SEMI-WEEKLY WORLD which is v
One year, 104 numbers, postage free $2 00 Veg' tine ýn
TO CLUB AGENTS-An extra lelrmanent
copy for club of ten, separately ad- ially, in
dressed. The Daily WoI.D for club tine is sobh
of twenty-five, separately addressed. your verdi
THE DAILY WORLD. thousands
With Sunday Edition, 1 year, postage foundtl so ,
free ....... . ...... ... .$10.00 Vego tine.'
With Sunday Edition. 6 months, ly of Bark
postage free..... ........... 550
With Sunday Edition, 3 months, "Vegeti
postage free......... ........ 2 75 "has no el
Withoe t Sunday Edition, 1 year, ing of its
postage free...........--...... 8 00 all other
Without Sunday Edition, 6 months, the labera
postage free................. 4 25 its genuil
Without Sunday Edition, 3 months, barks, rot
postaige free ................ 2 25 highly el
Snuday World, 1 year, postage tree 2 00 ed in sncl
Monday World, containing Litera- tonishing
ry Reviews and College Chroui
cle, one year, postage free ..... 1 50
TERMS: Cash in advance. Send
Post Office money order, bank-draft or NOT
registered letter. Bills sent by mail will Sot
be at risk of sender.
Additions to club lists may be made Mr. H. 11
at any time in the year at the above Dear S
rates. Scrofula,
We have no travelling agents. Speci- for three
Imen copies, posters, &c., sent free, goo unil
wherever and whenever desired. tine. I
and 5til
fItlll 111 11 1l lII 1V11.
A CHANCE FOR ALL. evry
Cash Premiums No 16
ent To the person from whom THE
WORLD shall receive, pre:vious to March
31, 1878, the money for the largest num
ber of subscribers for one year to the
WEEKLY WORLD we will give a first
prize of
$300.00.
For the next largest number, a second
prize of Veget
$2oo00.00.
For the twe next largest lists of sub
$100.00 each.
For the two next largest lists of sub
scribers, two prizes of
$75.00 each.
For the six next largest lists, six prizes
of
$50.00 each.
For the eleven next largest lists, eleven
prizes of
$25.00 each.
All persons desirous of comnpeting for
these prizes (which are offered in addi-t
tion to the regular club premiums) will
please signify their intention of so doing
and send to us for full instrnctions. WV t
will not award any of these prizes to any
person snpplying TuE WORLD to sitt
scribers at less than regular rates, viz:
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR.
Address all orders and letters to
"THE WORLD," 85 PARK ROW, JU
New York.
N. B--Those subscribing before Jan
ary 1st will receive the
"WEEKLY WORLD"
until January 1, 1879, for
ONE DOLLAR.
Dec. 8-3t.
..AS. -. KEIZTQ,
Practical
WATCHMAKER
- -AND-
Jewele".•
Watches, Clocks, and Jew
elry carefully repaired and warranted.
Standard TIME Kept
8 of 2Zoo00- and Watches set and regulated correct
.Capacity ly, free of charge.
It 8tands A fine lot of VATCHES and CLOCKS
for sale cheap.
(Office on St. Denis st., between 2d & 3d.)
Feb. 3--1y.
tthe EN- ---O- 
Days and
Boot and Shoe.Maker.
' 7th. CHALLENGES the world for neatnes6
Sand durability of work. Satisfacti"
tti i r. i, fitand material guaranteed
pDr-Shop i St. Denis St.
VEGETINE
WILL CURE RHEUMATISM.
Mr. Albert Crooker, the well-km wn
druggist and apotherat'y, of Springvrle1
.Me., always allvite every one tribthed
with Rhgllmatism to try VEGE'INE.
Head HIls Sitatement t
SixmtrN(;VALE, MuE., Oct. 12, 1876.
Mr. II. R. Stevens:
Dear Sir :-Fift.ee years ago last fall
I was taken sick with rheumatism, was
unable to move, until the next April.
From that tlne tuntil threei years ago
this fall I sutlcred everything with
L rheLotiliaistl. Soumetimes there would be
w,eeks at a time that I could not step one
l step; these attacks were cquite oftten. I
siufltred everything that a man could.
Over three ears ago last, spring I conm
- nienced takling \egetine ul tfotllowed it
up until I hatl taken seven Iotties; have
1had1 no rhematisIm since that tie t. I
always advise ev'erylone that is troubled
i with rhenuiatisnm to try Vege.tine, and
not slutfi'r for years as I have done. This
state,i nt is gratuitouls as far us Mr.
- Stevens is concerlnedl. You r. t,..
ALBERT CROOKER,
Firm of A. Cro,oker & Co., D1uggists
s and Apothecaries.
Vegetine
HAS ENTIRELY CURED ME.
lf "Io'iroN, Oct., 1870.
Mr. IH. It. Stevens-:
Dlear Sir, My daughter, after having a
severe attck of Whooping Cougllh, was
- left in a tielbe state of lealth. Being
1- ad vised by a frieind she tried hllb, \'ege
t- tine, and after using ita few bottles was
11 fully restored to health.
'- I have been a great sufferer from
- Rheumatism. I have taken several bottles
of the Vegetine tfr this copllaint, and
amu happy to say it has entirely nrued me.
'l I have Ireonollteded the \Vegettine 'to
others with the samie good results. It
ir is a gre:at cleanser anl d puritier of th11
n blood; it is pleasant to take and I can
cheerfully reconmm'end it.
he JAMES MORSE, 3l.1 Athens street.
RHEUDATISM IS A DISEASE OF THE
tra BLOOD.
l- The blood in this disease is found to
Li) contain an excess of librei. Vegtino
id- acts by converting the blood from its
ub diseased condition to a healthy circula
tion. Vegetino regulates the bowels
which is very imllortant. One bottle of
00 Vegitine will give relief, but to effect a
tr ermanent cure it must be taken: regu
ad- larly, and may take several bottles. es
SlIb ecially in cases of long standing. Vege.
tine is sold by all druggists. Try it, and
your verdict will be the same as that of
thousands before you, who say, "I never
age foundlll so much relief as fron the use of
0.00 Vegotiie." whiceh is cntionsed exclusive
ly of Barks, Roots and Herbs.
. 50 -
"Vegetine," says a Boston physician,
2 75 "has no equal as a bloohd purifier. Hear
ing of its many wonderful cures, after
8 00 all other remedies had failed, 1 visited
the laberatory and convinced myself of
4 25 its genuine merit. It is prepared from
barks, roots and herbs, each of which is
2 25 highly effective, and they are compound
2 00 cd in such a manner as to produce as
tonishing results."
St1 5 Vegetine.
ft or NOTHINC EQUAL TO IT.
i SouTII SALEM, MAss., Nov. 14,T17G.
made Mr. H. R. Stevens:
Dbove Dear Sir, -I have been troubled with
Scrofula, Canker and Liver Complaint
peci- for three yea:s; nothing ever did me any
free, good until I comnuenced using the Vege
tine. I anm now getting along first-rate,
iantd still usinig the Vegetine. I consider
there is nothing equal to it for such com
plaints. Can heartily recommend it to
everyblody Can heartily recommendlit
to everlhody. Yours truly,
MRS. LIZZIE IM. PACKARD,
S No 16 Dagrange street, South Salem,
Mass.
L::! VEnETnE
PREPARED BY
I. I. STEVEIS,IBOSTON, IASS
second g
Vgcatin' is Sold by All Drunggists.
p Fall Season.
--Oo
J. A. DUCOURNAU,
Corner FRONT AND) CIIURCHI Streets,
Natchitoches, La.
JUST received a fine lot of
JEANS,
DRESS GOODS,
PRINTS,
FLANNELS,
SHAWLS,
LINSIES,
CROCKERY WARE,
HATS AND SHOES.
gr At prices to defy com
petition. ,€
I Grand Ecore
ect- WAREHOUSE.
CKS
.WM. FRENCH, Proprietor.
HTAVING purehaslhd the busincas of
I Chambers & Barbee at this point,
and secured their services, I am prepar
ed to store and forward promptly, all
r freights and cotton consigned to my care.
Rates of storage in future will be as
ºtnes8 follows:
eti ", Fifteen Cents per barrel for freights.
Thirty-five Cents per bale for Cotton.
WM. FRENCH.
March 'M-tf.