`A (I'll iovadir 1.4
- - i -
N A'i'cii ITOCl IIFS
~ArUI:I)nAI - - SchlflW~Pl~? 1tf~. I7
at I
qui
thE
he
Ir,.
ap
Ile
fir
AliI ~ Ire'1 ,~h
o0 IIIW ~Ofl'I I
of3 1 y.ou2.3 , hi
103 yJ(3.-PZSIMI". eli
OF lNDW S1. a
103 6OV3WGL,
Vra3ce3 T. NICROLIA
or 1l/eMM1-'4.
-- nt1lJ ()V1~Y1
LOUIS A. WILTS,
OV Oil EANS.
103 ATFON3YGUIIUA1
no N. OGDEN,
01 ONLZA. &
you ZCITLRT OF stAll.
WMn. A. STIIONG,
or WIWn.
103 AUDIOS.
ALLEN JU;NEL,
or iUSUYtILL3 .
05 5VU 1'S13IDU @1 PUBLCN' IF
.wCA103,,
30533? N. LUIISU3,
01 ORLIB$.
oll C0 N~k!.
Feimit CuigftuiOaal Difrict,
J. I EL AD
Of D381O.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
We wish it distinctly under Dstr
stood tht if andidates nomina
ted for elle re unwilling to P1awy n t
l their .ilSeaonament, we shall nl
nt sna w themt. This rule we nw th
have adopted in common with our JIrni
CoMnervative eonteampOrie, and Clert
it will nSt be devlated from; add rhar
Includes all candidates not upon at
the National sad Stasi tickets. the
Our terams are as follows:
Jelinees for Coungreuional and and
Dietaet odteers, o* f  J
leuainees l Parish Judge, p prLes
islatme, he`rW, Clerk, Recorder, of ti
and Coroner, $15 lay
Nomdnees for Police Jurors $10 Eig
Nomlnees for Ward and City with
gDee1s. in tl
The Prenidetl of Ward Clnl. are Q
reqssteed to appotnt Committees on n
RItittaties at once. slat
C. P. DRANioGET, grt
Chatrsan Plrih Cental Commatl e.
As lawutorly o the clothing of
Twllteell, Radical Senater sad od- s
oat ftot Red ier perih, taken on one
his arrival, s as follows s Shoes, l
she 14; Wstk, 1--ue 121; stockinsp,
}--pat `eof a plir; seapesnder, 0;
, Lurl.e Sasseil; shirt, 1, white,
a mary so; vesta d; east, 1; ever. t 9
ae, 1t paper ellar, 1, prsed);i
seltlre, , (sctmstlg). Ilt hat eir-.
1114el sigbal dis ress, eevstalil of wh
a oafh da dintig nd hair stickiadg o
. thep thre+l*.
W1 many ne be ailes i itatlns
thai whom Tiritdhet 1t Red River to
lis irmteuy. easibted of slest ome- as
býate pessty / t s the peish, lees h
two ars, wbleb lee be s eees
misrestspec bS bses*P*tbh04ls
by as eer eethi r o e pieople
west, wh arem s better mrally, .e
WAOONS t Psetry pnee, to he
ob b UICOOK it og
;, tha W,oon a m dated ti
betweer msta st stand Oenteeril,
aes in wes rep*uiated by. V
e ~OiW smlbely, wauns auor.,
I IN. S urtM uis new ,ais5t
bihtbVO who lsiad ie prtb p}.
i r 4pe9 fitkJUeneste swe eltfa.
irte' dtbdillwt ePP.
-ais weak ark allt to apps that
judgmet ed aes thr e great sle*
a The peoplea sh et after them;
thela amdsst wle wiped ent is 1I
sam we e o Beeting dews ti e
mn whe ieasagstld the "msap dan
IN 4' th ebetb  *oetreot," the
Os eeml tell taul p.ees"1 t*he
feP wd tuber " nt theme
j*& absm that bedoa lihpar
khh wi -o m wer the1
clris, jp u, lg t were the a ,Crr
ma overyheelb bewe whe are see*
SrnottTl'rn br s.rca
irnuta gSSISTBEt>!
"lartis glateresteat THE CO1
"FOR PROFOUND LYING MUCH " "
RENO WNEDO." T., so.R I
Bluster n, Bluff of the Radi- it wouh
cal "wiad-ba e" J. Ernest Bredk serMCos, to
The communiecation in last week's that awrs
"lhand organ" is sdeh a weak attempt nominate
at sppeial pleading as to scarcely re- Judges, i
quire nJtice. stars.
The letter written by the Editor of Eight I
the V'INoICATOR to tile Chiecago Times, each with
is sigverd i. fjll by Aim, andt for which make up
he is perfectly responsible, leaving "other" p
"parties interested' the eclnalive prev- This "1
P ihedge to place what ever ennstrne- cations, 1
lion upon the language contained persimme
therein they se ft. "draw ul.
We charge that Myers was indicted slon. TI
far trhaling t17.000 of school funds streets go
ef this parish. It is not denied, but windaws
a weak delence is nasmed. there win
The proper place for Myers and his ing" ien
friends to plead Is before t the te r This I
of the 'Courts, two sessions of wMich forced, a
have occurred since his indictment, of whils
for he can rest assured that the public For the
do, not judge a man innocent that cell won
I dodges the Coets. the chari
We charge that J. E. Bredal is in- chitehe
dieted for cbasling O$10 from a poor We do
negro man, the champIon of whose radicals
race this Breda now presumes to he. penitent
We said bribery in the letter, bunt may a
that is a mistake, the crime with ought to
which Breda is charged Is worse. Of co
J. A. Barlow, Clerk of the Dis- mere nm
triet Counrt, furnished a certificate to of this
timhe "parties interested," and their world
character can be well judged by the parish i
fact that they forget words and inter. ile par
loped themt is that crtifcte a.. as to If an,
entirely change the meaning of it. presm
Why we fell into the error in rharg- Myers a
log Brolda with having been indicted rined
for bribery instead of embrezlement, lack" e
was, that Breda as Judge, took $300 to tie r
fmom the negro boy -and dismissed they ca
him without bail, as Pariah Juf1d; vincin'
'", for which Breda should have been in. hlolnOt..
dicted for bribery, but Radical law- cies, of
makers have failed to make bribe-tak average
log an ofence.
To show that Breda was indicted catiiOn I
and is under charge for embezzlement, to "g
.we append a copy of the indictment, asnject
and its perusal will damn Brtedin in Yu
the eyes of every honest man In oin r one to
Sparish. Boots,
etute of Lomuisana, m
Parish of Natchitoches,
Ier District Court, Setventeenth .iici;ll
int- District, June To-rp 1d876. Wa
pAY In the arishl of Natchitoches, to-wit: trAi
haIl in the mnami and by the authoritV ist
SWPe of the State of i.oulmillialnn, the Grandl
out Jurors of tihe State of Loiisimtnml duly
and elected, empanne'lled, sworn, ad A f
rldI charged to enlmire in anal for thethe fr
Phodv of the Parish of Nwathitemches. in
ets. the Seventeemth Judicial District of who is
the State of Louisiana aforesaid. at follow
a Dlisttit Conrt began and held in h . rlich
n and for saild Parih on the Ist Mmonday
S r0 of June, A. D. 1874?, npomn their oath is
Le. present: That J. Ernest Brela, late Pier
rler, of the Parish afortmaid, ob the ~3Id gees
$15 ,ldray ot Novemnet, A. D. one thousand It.
$10 Eight hundred and Seventy Five,
Cit with force and arms in the; Pnrish., 'g
Distriet and Stante afoMresMid. and with.- Panl,
in the jurIdictIon ct the reventeeth drivim
*Judicial Dislrict Conrt, did wrongfuil the f
rly me, dispemee of, and ealsm ttee the e h
hu ndred dollars in money, United
States correnq, the property of Rob.e ti*'
ert Btraston, f the vale of thine of fi
Ihmmrndred dollrs, which mney he a d
the n sad there rtIs et iv ben M
URobert Brstas "na Adepmait," t be
held tMliU meh .l time as tem honds he It I
nd signs this day, three in ennmber, of J. H.
en O* one hundred dmline seb, two being rbbi
s, - lece honds, and me frt Asamelt aed
in s try, are msalkled, aM rmdas ,. It we
insi them Parih Judge, and ordering Hor
ts 0s;ead Bnrasu to be released from sr- n th
whites, rest and imprlmnnmel, nn his said
ever three Blnds, i, three ases, without
red); ueseoully .n eansldetstoe d ohis iamv.
nto in said mnsey" a the hands of aid Clarti
Brd.,a*as speciat depository, and 2*
li se g whfr hmoes sail Red st nedI fhis Pr
ishlag own aeneem , and fold to refnd lto J
Msaid Brastn wher lawfuly requesmt
ed rand msunisd to doe. · n.
aing nera to thpo._ d the Stat.
Rive intsl sueh ase made stand pnroide I
t and agant te peae and digity o
i, lees the lute of Laistlana.
oi lIe&l ) J. M. . TUCKER,
S i Attorney Seventeenath Judl
Iladi that Distriet.
pOOl I certify thie shore to bhe crareet
orally, tapy of the erigaIia |idletmsenl oa
ile in my .in.
JXO. A.BlARROW, Wy. Clerk.
, to Clerk'sa oie DisrrIt (Conrt, Parish
of Natehitoche, Sept. 12th 1876.
ThL isk' smply sulicient to sinwT
t thim the entlt odlte hl the Cl To*
A iNI hoos fnoml egiing t- end, intended
facc eNorther  rders," In every cmne j
u e at home know the fets stobe motar qi
I judg. to whst "tr t-es Interested" bhae *I
staited. 1
r ,ed by . rmts s atile oftioem th el
ns emls; thie redP and willing bklse le
aanst of lye rs sd R adiel taseais; the s,
Sps. l'Ubl tie pnrbnfd lying t hl e blow
Sa Iton tthe trighat arm," and dthe dare of
the whoe eptle, we think J. E. Blre-.
dI iat b the aluethlr theref, tim
rest sin- We ,sere the Chi.p nTse letter;
rl gmed ear semmse to It in full. WeF
lihehere aer t ma he t see a a y time
- 18 mmd al y lhar, und are rtue olbler Im
er*y wood therein to this doughty 1
w lne £mlghlrany of hi frkdls. ml
l th. Whoe Beda Ib, it .*IWa sIper-.
s l : inl to fy, that le IndkIntmet for
r- embesalemest shows hitm to he thief.
roe hl sl euIldpalt for Iby t fols ur
.. b* 0, 5m05, sow w ias to be
S n arnrsmlttrooey, his letter at +
- Cap I Bad's "ri t artm," .s
ha, o. f Imdltaher doo net
S [aoe M ..t e. we
" knew of, a ik ehiesn.5s .a dle 4
irive at o his vaunted aesrap, he ma
elkteess f etism, plre m e md h eppebat
uanyWt sOsab.
THE COUNCIL OF THIEVES. t
They aKT Mud rLovED and PANTED. This ce
Radicali tia
TilE sORE LIPPED BRIGADE HOBN-O. Erery 1
Soldier i
It would provoke mirth, were it not niany of
serioul, to we the elans of delegates eglihdeiial
'a that assembled on Wednesday Iast to era for
it nominate candidates for radical Nichols
- Judge, District Attorneys and Sea Every
atomrs. party w
if Eight black and greasy negresm, publican
s. each with a mre on his lip, went to parirh, a
-h make up the "rpresentatives" of the Wie a
g "other" parislhes. Red in
V. This "hrigade," from facial indiae- hung me
c- eations, had been dieting on green the w1
rd persimmons for a week in order to "lost ea
"draw up" Inspiration for the eLes- and eat
rd Sion. They wandered through our years a
do streets gazing at the wonders of show Yankee
at windows and no doubt thinking that cause c
there was "several years good steal- never A
ie inog" lere yet. ed, for I
oI This persimmon party was re-en- shot wa
Ich forced, of course, by a demi-brigade would r
nt, of whilom convicts from Natchitoches. gusted,
lre For the chlracter of a penitentiary went t
sat cell would be sadly marred unless party,
tire charmed circle therein had a Nat. Itepubi
in- chiteches radical to grace its society. parish.
nor We do not mean ,by this that the Brol
one radicals here have been or are in the but he
be. penitentiary, but simply state, that we the wai
but may not be malsnderstood, they at a U"
rith ought to be. war, a
Of course, these conventions are judge
)is. mere matters of form, and the result incest
Sto of this orgy tends to confirm the sight a
seir world in general, and Natchitoehes war R1
the parish in particular, that the "rad- enemy
ier. cal party is pledged to reform." high b
s to If any idiotie doubter of this section for a
presumes to demur let him Inquire of (or in
mrg. Myers and Bodllt and he will be can and p1
eted vinced that God Almighty "went Bill
ent, hark" on Satan when hie hurled him was a
)nO to the regions of the dammned, at least Depar
saud they can cone as near that as con- up his
ly; vincing tihe ordinary mortal of the and na
h il. whnesty of the radicals of Natchito- the wl
law chites, of disabusting the minds of the shook
tak average, citizen of the fact, that qe if the
"rising," the pr.opinqtuity and the one them,
ited casion is all the "Blunt" erouad want e h
t to "get away" witlh any tilitg not ter th
ent, jected to a white heat. lister
IsWhite
ll in You Iose money by nit going at
1 our ,onee to MeCOOK & BRO'A., for cheiap
Boots, Shows, Hats, and Capis. las
Legalized Robbery. cal
ici hat aras this; ift be not "refrm lick
.wit: ritiin the pLarly"y-KhIclg's Ma- gickia
orit islrates "on the P('ot"-A rMn- partý
rnndl ple of PEmiient rate. throw
doly eired
Slid A frietd who paid the money fr
thtih ry o
s. in the freedmen aind saveol their Ihorses,
et of who is not a RAlhical, hande-d us the will
id. at folwing Bills of Costs in a .nit mill
d in hch occurred in ward 9, in this par.
itnh l, entitled Clarey St. Andre .si
, late Pierre Are and John Paul, all me
Uand It seems that Andre, or St. Andre's B
ai ng broke into the faIrm of Am and ONE
with- Panl, and thley set dte dogs upon it per
t tth driving it out. It was proven that D1
asgtl time fence was goomd snt lawful, that d
tile hg was not injured, still the IJn
Rob- ties "found for plaintiti" in tihe sum A
the of fivre dolars and enels, ana we up C
She ped sthe bills "of nsame hereunto,"
tl . as thy sy in eort.
sl he It is hardly necemare to ,my, that to p
her, of J. H. Hloresby is the Justice (f) who beg
ein robbed in casts lthee poor men, and 11
It an it wanld be sMaperrlanms to add, that De
dering Hornlby is a respectale () Radical l
n ar- in this parish, that is, as espectabtile I
as asny we how of.
t Came River, Aug. Bth, 1876.
of aid Clnare St. Andre v. Pierre Are sd dra
r, mld J. Paul. No. 24 she
ior hi Principal on Judglenet !0 del
ad t* ,Justis costs I1.75 p
KInst- Conastables eots .
ta Citatlons, milleae, e., 9.10 a
ided seouin and milease, t.40 i
y 13 das keeping hores at1.
1, per day, 1.00 tel
b di- mileage, 8f
correet Reed. Paymen, TI,
ne nt " Eo. MARNON. an
er Natehiteew, Lat., Aug. , 517, all
ParishCla St. Andre vs. Pierre Are ad
oh Jml Poul. "
to sh To Tite Repatldian, Dr. em
SChl- To publihlsing nae, 31 sq.2 i.. So $70i
Ilee'. Paymnat.
F . KZ EE.NACNK,
intended pr Ed. Massau.
Jery ens adlgpest 5; eotas ilstt $40.05
Sistrry tea~l 51.05; ani l all this for drivinlg
" hrae a ogfrom y'r own keld.
This i a sample of lRadicall di
imnei- elary that "pe lies interested" shoeld
deke interest themselves in, and not gas
l is; the so much.
the blow I
a da re of All kids of genes ar selling at
. F lBr.- IcCOOK BRlO'8., at ltower priees I
thean ever before.
e letter; . SBaIAL NrtIcO.-The mcmsh
a. me er of the Cenutral Executive Com.
miStee of Sir Democratic party
a doughty are reqested t meet this eve I
5. ming at? o'eclck, sharp, at their
Ssuper- eeamos o81 Denals street.
be athief. The BEST the market aderds and
asr well served, ast Brdick's Boarding
n ,t Hous
rm, nd a The members of the Tns ad
'c a letter atl ulu CampainOClub will
rm" or met promptly 'fo organriation at
* -* - lolek thiL s ,eremlt, .Int all ,1*
p C he c ad m wt bargns at
tMeCOK & RO'S.
Union and Tildena. oceeed
Cosner
This connecting Union men with tiorit
Radicalin.i . is an insult. The Pari:
Everyr Union mein anil former Union eratic Cola
,oldier in oar parish, aned there are to order Ib
nt Imny of both, are open. avowed and Parish Cei
Selnthlsiastic supporters of, and work. who airail
era for Tilden and lendricks, and On inti
i1 Nichols and Wiltz. T. J. Spa'
Every fou nder of the Republdeisa ,Seretari
party who longed to to the first Re- Cmitt
. puhlican Club ever organined in oar ed, comli
to parishr are for Tilden and Nichols. each War
V Wise are the Hayes mep then gatisan fr
Red iot, howling lseessiemfs-thlt W erer
tee wast
* hunng negroes and Union men during Ward I
Un the war; that wrote histories of "
to "lost ecaues," and wanted to kill, slay "
a- and eat nelgres mad Republicans, for
or years after the war; that damned ,
w Yankeens, and howled the glorieous
st canes of the South, for whom they a 1
it- never flred a gn whet it was need
ed, for five long years after the last . I
n- shot was fired, and because all men Afer
sie would not go with there they got dig- tials sub
es. guted, went over to the Radicals, tee mad
try went to stealing and digraced the were ro
re party, driving from it every original On oc
at Republique and Umipa ua i the elected
ty. perish. J. Case
the Breda, the .ndge, is a Radical- were - C
the but he helped hang a negro just as t we
we the war began--never snapped a cP nomalait
y at a Union soldier during the whole Wards.
war, on the contrary, if we are to Tlie C
are judge by his present cowardie, he rlowing
suit incontinently took to his heels at the
the sight of every thing blue--after the
hes war was over, then hle opened on the H.,
ad- enemy in grand style. Swore before J.
high leaven that he wouaild never vote
ion for a "-,igger;" wanted to barn up - .
e of (or down) Radical printing oiceas,
on and play hob generally. C.
rent Bill Tonnard is a Radical-bt he W.
hire was a big injun ls the Comnmiasary B.
east Department during the war. Rolled F.
ron- up his sldeeve and measured out meal
the and uwat with each savage vim that Go
tito* the whole Northern army would have
the shook it their boots-with laughter, En
%e if they had seen him-if lie had seen
SoeC* them, we can not say what lie wounnld J.
rant leave done-delicacy forbids ns. Af
oot ter the war Bill wrote poetry and a c.
history ; organized the Knights of the The
White Came'lia, gptrle Democratie was r
Swhiskey at hilarities, and hoawled the linMI
heat ' aid Carwt.halgger" at their glee ltge,
clulbs, and of such is the entire Radi to nan
cnd party of our parish. mitted
Parians, Williams, Munroe, But
slick and other Republicans, who or- J.
'I ganiard and made the Repuldican J. T.
party, quit it four years ag,, when The
thwse howling Confederates who never herih
fired a gun, and were a terror to eve- i
yr one but the enemy daring the Pat
wsr, ,am.e tn and whean the outrage. E.
st ntill and stealinag Iminess. W. E.
suit A& for mm Uni!o "wn Ituit, in the, M. ii.
par. Repuidkau iprty in Natchitchaes par. *
' iltl ais conctrned, at least, it is false
I e and a slander. Eae
mire's BOARD AND IA)DGIN'O-enly t
e and ONE DOLLAR AND FIFTY CENTS abo
pen it per lay, at Borndick's Bnarding llHouse. arely
tat DRUGS AND MEDICIlCNE--Cheap t
t and pare at MhcCOOK 11 BO'8.
t sum A SQUAREa MEAL FOR FIFTY tie
0 rP CENTS at Bardleck's Bolardlng lene. Ing,
unto," HAD
PFor the beneit of thoe that"o per I
Sthant topmint"to defend a had easse, we
Swhe ICg to state that the pauper warrant
i, · isse for the twenty menths ending ,
I, that Decetmber h o, 11, by the radinl hav
Pd , Polie Jury of this parish, was tiqI ti
lctaie foar thksaaad doelIs SrEr
There were and are today in judg
lpy mont in tie Court Bounse, warrants 0(
re drawn on the pauper fund bor one ai
e heeand dodlara, for ive lhulndlred ath
50 dollars, and thes for fty delar and an
2.75 upward to two hundred are quime ,
anumeraous. e us on ate suit and al
.0 judgnent for the uesad bs fD. Kill
1. i. Beu often parish warrants fr d
30n fifty dollars eah, drawn in favor d e
I.0 te diluent paFtle *sfe 1 skpF lag
e8 feed and on sheet of ie warrants has
to the sheet, tlat ,wee w eo ior apsAort.
These warrantsare iled in, diened( "D
N. and the adendresment witnesed, end the
1876 all in the maie hand writing.
Are ad The committee in 1674 that es
aminal the affais of the pariah hand
Dr. over/ur lsudrdl pep rs an e a Oh
Sfl0u drawmlag pay at the rate often doltlars
pelr po.tlt. It was so phlitely m
' ported and sever lea bee denied d
until "parties interested" after san
divitn ofd d * pros uns , o w hI a
stale Sat lie as a dealal.
Thie is a warrmnt in juidgmet
kr " drawn on the "paper foond fer ao Iver
one hundred and eighty dollars in
kv nr of a negro tdea was dre'ed a
gutefore k uarrmest oea dmraw.
wiln at ,Parties Intereated" had better ap
price ply themtselves to a study f facts e
ftare they reah lo to ime support of pap
- er warrants thieves witsh a whole
me l batch of ltis. t
I p arty L H. BURDICK wants it khown
h is evi the best mealttls ad the h beds
t their be h*d at ' hi Hotel on Prot St.
SLOOK TO THE NUMBER AND i
rrds and NAMgIE on your Registration papers;
Baording see that they are eaorreet
1- L. Charleville wante one thmosad
Jan N md heed of heef cattle, for which thes
Jlab will cash is ready at Cloutiervlle. U
eation at
t a ll at- Rally at once and buy the lowest
pried Dry Goods, at McCOOK &
ar a ter u lSeeI ceyou ota!e
Prooeeditgs of the Demoora*t1 I
Conservative Parish Conven
tion.
The Pariah Coventilon of the Denmo- SlRFI
cratic Coiservrntive party was cnIled Editor Vii
to, order hr by I. V. DrAIngliet, Chairiman Two lif,
Parish Centratl |neemItive Comntittee, gave Con
who called )r.1).8. 0. .er,,ag P to te Tolbot. Di
Clhair, its tenopraiv Chairmanm. Conner 41i
On mlotionu M. J. Cunningham and gail 7,847
T. J. Sprwl, were elected temporary uave last
Secretaries. itr. In th
On motion, it was lesolvedl, that a ithe total
Comumittee on credentials be aploint 1:14.01l0 A1
F ed, composled of one member from 12.000. .
each Wand, to be named by the IDle- ed two-th
gatlm from tile respective Wards. of :i Setl
Whereupon the following Commi- PORTLJ
tee was appintede : eleted t
8 Ward 2 W. C. Rims. tinn. TI
f ' 3 . E. Rtss. 000 Repu
v 4 J. H. Hill.
SS T. S. BRsch.
" 6 VW. A. Ponder.
I , 7 C. W. V. Clark.
I" " 8 A. R. Dowden. Londol
S 9 L. Chopin. Madrid.
" 10 V. 8. Benoist. Tweed h
S " 11 Allen Wheeler. LATEr
ý" 12 J. H. Cogrove. Cwmpin.
i After eonsideration of the ereden wiitl det~
S. tials submitted to them, the Commit- sos
Is, tee made report that all tle Wards Londo
Ie were represented, which, on motion, a e-py ni
was received and adopted. gIaph Ci
l On motion, Dr. S. 0. Scruggs was "if ads
e elected permanent Chairman, and M. gram n
J. Cunningham and J. T. Sprowl, Twide j
were eleeted permanent Secretarie o kidnapp
this Convention. has beet
It was Resolved that the vote on laced
P nosaleations be had by a call of the
e Wanrds, mande
to The Convention nominated the fl- A dial
l owing Prih ticket buy eelaumi CompAn
after ballot. M. Two
he or Rep esaeatir. have I
he M. Perot, Ward 4. Vigo, al
he H. H. Hnthoer '" . tman Ca
ie J. Alf. Prodhomme 11. under Il
Ste For Pexik JudS. one 1m
p - B.E. HaEnmett, Ward 3 at
si, For Pollee Jmro.
C. L. Wahsley, Ward is.
he W. C. tis', 2. A fUNM
L. Chopin, " It SR
try B. H. MeLeades , ' 7.
led P. Jennings, " Charl
cal For Reeordr. Ieen in
hndll Co
lst George W. Kearneyr Ward 12. of tie t
eve For Cler. A ihl
ter, Ernest Malson, Ward ffW. oti in
en ' For erif. street
old 3. E. Keegan, Ward 6. throng
Af. For Coroner. Tihe
1d a C. IHamlin, Ward I2. tied d
thie The I'resident of the Conrent4in  retl
stie was eimipowered tio name thirte.m pli'eiC,
imem, lwrs *of uht pi;li't Is. nmemlbiwrr at soem
h large, of thlle Prsh Central Commit. tlremll
p tee. saimd eachi Ward wasn empowerel te I
sdi to name two miembers of said Comta- tihe
mittee for each waard. ticely
8. , SCRUGGS, il a
President. Idle
orM. J. C rINi|AMt, ts fo
icra J. T. SrmowI.. Secretaries.
he The following named gentlemen are tie ft
ever hereby appointed as mInmbers of tihe as
eve- Pmllish (Centrall Colummittee for tlhe iage
Parishi at harge: white
ra R. E. linrke, M. J. Cnuninllgham, oa, ti
r J. Ii. Co. C~asre, Henry .t1 Levy, wit
W. E. Russell, Chas. .1. Smith, police
time M. II. Ca(irel, Emlu Climtier, eftilt,
. G. E. Gillehpi6, W. H. Jack, not ti
L. CLmpari, T. Schemaumim, tie :
Willis lHolmes.
Each Ward in the pawish will elect All u
nl two members i t i tsi Commruittee mmudei
at oneC. Time thirteen appoimtedl lil tI
NTS above will proceed to work ionedi Numtry
ause. arely. 8. O. 8IUO(S, few t
Chairman of the DemocratiMce Conven- and e
heap tii, ath
Terevia Longria will be founmd at Chat
FTY the Market Hene,s on Monday morn- of
se. ing, time 18thb inst., selling beef at tie a
HARD TIME pries; FIVE CENTS his I
, * per pound. of a
rant Poltloal Paragraphs. ig
din The Indina war ia over. The Slone at.
hdlt avin disng eded ad ater tie ele. the
d tion it ia determined to resoulte our M
forces sad "avenge Cuater." '
rrt Gen. Sherman's orders to the comu
n se manrdersn l trops in the Seath, ha
dredl rather taken the blood ;out of Taft's whli
and unlawful order.
q qite Indiama Wpda us greeting, ioo the
It m d shape of bsig psmies of eceess. e
I fD. Killpatrick, 1e of *plenty of money '
t fo and tihe bloody shirt" notoriety, hb Wm a
va f been kicked out f the State for rln- a
P"D lag the elanes of Radleaitn; lorton all
r rats has takeu to bed siek, Plumebebk hula
,comae lme, mnd it is reported the
eed, "Democrats sre playing Il.-l'" wim d,
,, ad the Radicals all over the State. wh
tWhen Zaeh Clmller wrote to Mr.
flekey. the pistibaster at Bhlek Jack, ram
SggOhio, for a esatrhbetoim of ten di- er
I mlart ars to t "beblmudy lmirt eampaignn
emoney," Mr. Ilickey wrote Icek: i-r
a " emnlygt *1 4er sear; take thim e
her fr d--d loetIad go to h--I. "n
witTl e ep takeS ter Number f *Peter  -
nm's M'againe," is en ea table,
Sgreetintg au, as we open it, wIth "Jack
i aIn TheI B aIn a engraving, that or
l makes us cry ot inelsmntarily, "how
d a unning.' The. fashio.plate, for ,
L he month, are esesally numerous,
tetr ap - and the edotudre ate.plate is sape. t
dca- ally eltautill. GPut am tlme asories
r have altways bees in *lternlm," tley 
hole eem to s, thlyem r, to te better d
than ever. . We itmle, particalarly al
SoM in thi nmmber, letheating erme, "Time
kown GIo den Pumpkhn Seed,' amd tIa irat
e chapters of a ap Wnveletd by Mrs. F. II
elidema Bsmoae, ones of the mor, a
R A ND powerful of Autrican writels. Sed
.for a specimem. Addres Charles J.
po Petersno, 3; 6 Chestnut stroet, Philo.
delphin.
- - - - - . .--- -
tlThe Uspublicamn corresponmdents,
hph the "Parties iteresmted," are respetfully
S refered to tIe rcords of the enourt in
mt me jdaslgient steals. S>eventy-ove
o per e ent of the jmagments were ob.
tarined for tile e' and benessit of D. 1
H. Boull t, alth~ogh i his Atterney's
te!
TELGRLPHIC. Newapal
The p
MAINE RLECTION*. Lfondon
fnnREVERoRtt, LA., Sept S, 1876. fiult to fI
the big Wy
I Editor Viadieator do things
STwo hbtldrtCd tand farteem towins "Centenn
i've Conner, trepublican, 52A,$7+; in the Eul
SToltoat. Demoerat, 41,422. Last year may mee
Conner 46,4.1; Rotehrts 46.967. Net of the N
g ain 7,847. The trwn5 unheard from regularly
uave last year 307 Republican mj. ,r-see them,
sty. In the aggregate vote of 34,070 You are ,i
a lh total vote will preolhbly reach vbr to a
134.000 and the Reprfblican maj(rity presed,
" 12.000. Republi'ans have also elect- ilg the b,
ed two-thirds of the louse and 27 out pae!y .Y1
of :a0 Senators. an agre
S PoaTLAND - The Rltepublicans re- from Its
elered their Congressional delegpsa visitor to
tion. The Inatest tigures indicate 10,- to Ib oile
000 Republiean majority In the State. rst won
among tl
ENGLAND. the New
TWEED ARRESTEID. the ama'
London, Sept. 8-A dispatch from v thetil
Madrid, received here, says Wmi. M.l emrte
Tweed has been arrested at Vigo. cosmmn
LATEIR.--A tehl.rsm to R,.cter's ,onsultit
Company eondrms the arrest of Tweed, without
with details he want
it. 0es TwED IN A FrosTRs. shelves
as London, Sept. 8.-The following is States o0
in, a copy of a dispatch to Renter's Tele- the ers
as ,adC ptt. 8.-An Aoelal tele- elrs of
ran reeiedr ben annonaces that aildin
aI, Twide Anteline. an Amercanm , who largest
of kidnapped several Aerican children, Howell
has been arrested at llontevadre and enterprl
o placed at the disposition of the Wash. * o0,(l
the ington Government, which had de- b
manded his extradition. ing it
!o A dispateh to Reuter's Telegram acd oel
Company, from Madrid. says: "Wm. declarei
M. Tweed and his cousin, Wm. Hunt, exceed
have been arrested in the port of nations
Vigo, aboard the Spanish merchant- Y
man Carmen. Tweed was traveling th L
under the name of Secor. noth pris. the dit
oners have been lodged In the fortress t
it be te
at Vigo." have a
THE CHARLESTO RIOT, liver,
bile. I
A sUMMARY OF THURSDAY'S ROW-lTHE tack o
mrEWS AND coUtIaR'S IRI'OR r.
Charleston, Sept. 7.-The city teis NI
Iueen in a ferment all day. The News
and Courier, in sunming up the facts
of the riot of last night, says
A hhlnldy and dipegraetli riot broke ona, all
oat in the nlper Ipotion of King
street last night, and for several
hours spread excitement and alarm
throughlcut the city.
The affair was the result of the set.
tied detertiinantion of a gang of cl- To
tron redl .ewtHies, calling themselves Re.
temln p1lhiecans, to wreak vengeance upon TOR
ra Ht F.eesme nie's of their enlor who have at the
nit. prestedl to publicly affiliate with 18th is
ereld tihe Denth ratic party.
for- The trouble began by a compara
tively small body of rioters, but speed. Give h
ily assnumed formidable dimensions. Sept
't. Idle acd exciled colored mien and -
boys from all quarters hurried to the
a crowd and increasing the tiumult, and .e t
Sare the main thoroughfare of Charleaton
f are was for a fierce and howlling muno, of
the negroes, eursaig the whites nan say- In c
agely attackilg anld heating every of wa
white man who lirtppened to be withd
ham, on the streets. Captain Endricks Grand
º, with a squad of thirty of the city I salic
th, plice finally s~oeedled by persistent ent
r, efliets in disperingl the rioters, bult I ,
not till a lon list of hlcody casual- a
ties ( iad ,ecrct. Seone of then are l)rfe
seriouls lnd ierhleps faital in ehlrceter. port
lct All accounts agree tha the police de
nitter tulder comnmald of the intrelid chief l
eiitedl lid their duty with deternrmnd gel. crai
atedi autry', but they were altogetlher ton e
I, few to deal with the mob as 1,ranr ptly
ev- andi effectively as the case requivet.
The issue is now squarely present
- edl to the citizens, whetber or not Seg
iaid t Chirleato is to be left at the mercy
oof a mob of iginoatat negiees when
or eeriare.vieous leaders may give
ethe aslgal for a riot. To.day there
ENTS hctben a deep and general feeling
among the whites that a repetition
- of a distuarbance saeh as that of last
might most at all haards he prevent.
ee, and the military organiations
Sionu mud. State arms sue eselrsively in
e e c the hsnads of the bleks.
The work of private o irganluatlon
Soar for defense lisa been gJoing n today.
By noon stoday it was imposible to
e .om. purchase a revolver I the city, the
stock being ehasusted.
th, ha It was the settled resolve of the
Traft's whites that the colored Democrats
should ave smother meeting to-lighLt, e
aned if they were again molested by j'h
to the mob, the tioters daould not again ulY
IucCss.be vistoretlns. P(
on e The epublica negroes however j,
were elated at tldir sccess and ,ie
ty, h a made no secret of tlheir intention to £
ai re 1 aeack tbe Deusteratic negroes, and ,
otto all night long there seeaed to e nFl
Shas every potlility of a serlouns on
diet. Th c tured DesAerlae seet t
ing wras held at Hihernianr Hall, on
i" wilt der prtection of alout 1000 armed as
e. whites. n attemps at a disturbanee
wais maIde, the tored Repuldicans
ato Mr. enlnitg tlheir demonstranttns to
ek Jack, rotaming the streets in turlolent
te t d- erewds, nriug pisttle and emuskets.
mpgAt this hnur-l I:3)--thee has been
ek no serious etlisiei, thloughlt armed
E rrorwds of Iacks asd whites are ghat- an
tk e theIe id t. allious poJnts dts) tOitye he
enlttlOnelIe in a very ec'itel conditLion. W
Berkuer, one of the, whites wound
eter ed last ilht, died this eventuing.
aea Isvt r soE reacAtoers.
t " Jack Charleston, Sept. 8.-All nIght c.- th
Fln, that ired mlita and whites clnbs rema - in
ily"ow ed it their places of tenleavous un
dert aras, bt the niglht wre away.v
te s widthot say serious allehki.
Immrous, AApurty of pasn tlaithte l hinto
Is e sle. tue armory wten ltws of tie Moltgini
is toaes rsy OnId. The Ire was retunned,
oworndihn eI of the blacks. Except
iog this s et or two other niltoer
he better distlarsaees, tlhe streets were quct
ital early sftr itdnight, bet the pablic feehing
n "T he cottieues ole of deep euAsitineses.
dThe blacks talk of havieg a torch- u
dlight prceeion to-night Effct.rts are
Iy Mr S. F, hieing made tO ptevenlt it, as troubleI
tth m oM l will proMbly grow ,t of it. I
S.Sed By the iatervenltien cf Congress
Chmaren SenalI, the Coaihiee strikeLrs I
Charles J. have Itwoo irnlaact to disperee with
tt. Ph ia- out further nolestation of those labr
ore who continue at work in the rice
-- -- Selds
sspectfully . DOWN WITH PRICES is the cry
e eourt i at Mc:OOK & BRO'S.
venty*8te ---- ------
were ob- The Vermont eleaetion smns up well
toit of D. for the Deuoecratio party. A elear
Att ttey's ga in of 40 per cent in a State that
sever went Democratic is no bad sign.
Newspapers at trio Catsoals
The Speelat Curresp.ondent of the
oandon Times says it would be dif
icult to find an apter illutrnttin of
the bigt way In which the Amerlicaos
do things than that furnieahil by the
"Centennial Newspaper lluilditog,
in the Exhibition grounlds. Illre-i'Efo
may see any one, or, if you like, all
iof the $,129 newspalers tpulimhdl
regularly in the United States, and
see themll, one iand ali, for nothing
You are not only permitted ai a tn
vor to wse tlem, but invited, nay,
pressed, to confer the favor of enter.
ing tie building and Calling for what
papeq you like. It is about as cool
and agreeable a place--quite apart
from its literary atttirations--as a
visitor to the Exhibition could wist
to be offered a chair in. He may at
lrst wonder how, among @,(110 papers,
among them such mighty sheets as
the New York lerald, he is to pgt at
the small, loved print of ipi home,
thousands of miles away, it may be,
over the Rocky Mountains. But the
management is so simple, that, by
cotlsulting the catalogue, or even
without the aid of the catalogue, any
one can at nre find whatever paper
he wants. They are pigona-holed a
shelves in alphabetio ,r.,er of their
States or Territories and their towns,
tihe names of which are clearly Is.
belled on the shelves. The proprie.
tors of the Cetenniall Newspaper
Bt uilding are advertisin agents, the
largest in all America-Messes. G. Pt
Bowell & Co., of New Yoek. Thef
I enterprise will cost altogether about
$*20,000, or £4,000, including the
building and the expwnses of "r'n.
ning" it for six months. The 0,000
and odd American newspapers are
declared, by the same authority, to
exceed "combined issues of all other
f nations of the earth,"
--_. 40 -
YIitL.ow FagR.--To ameliorate
the dreadful effects of Yellow Fever
a take Simmons' Liver Regulator. Iet
it be given in large doses, that it may
have a iummediate effect upon the
liver, and remye the accumulating
bile. It so acts upon the liver, stoe.
ach and blood as to prevent the at.
teak of thli terrible disnase.
NEW ADVERTiSEMENTS.
NOTICE.
September 19th and 20th is Rosh Hash.
ona, and 8th is Yum Kepur.
EDWARD PHILIPS, Sec'y.
A CARD.
To the P&bUe of NatitoChCs.
TORIVIA LONGORIA will be found
at the Market House from Monday the
18th inst., selling beef, fine, fat and choice,
at the rate of FIVE CENTS a pound,
Give him a call.
Sept. 16- -4t.
A CARD.
To the Shipplg mand Travel'
fal PUbli.
In consequence of tie pr1sent low st:ar
of water tihe stoeawr Iltrt AbI. ha hRn :n'
withdraw r on Hfrom t, New Orle'a',i alnd
Grand Ecore trade and th, atcamner (.
II. rfCee saubstitUted. far whilch hntat I
sallcit a coetiane of e o or patron age.
As soon as buiness will n.til it, it, i
may purpose** *.*...* . -
l t'acket leaving on opusitle days to the
P I)lrfi*e. thereby anlonring increasot op
. portlnities for shipping cottou and or
eI derlug lsupplies.
I beg to return my thanks tier the lib.
cral support yeo have extended nmse, and
to astsure yout that while I can make trips
without serious detention, no increaus of
F present rates need be antlicipated.
Very respeetthilly.
it Sept. 16-21. Steamer Bart Able.
It. BEEF CATTLE for which,
- I the highest CASh pricesi
In II will be pak tb the untdr*
signed on delivery at
i Clunloartivlle.
Y. 1L. 1ABLEVU LLE.
...
TO TIIC WORKING C¢LAUJ,-We are new
npnr, s to fau all clanes with eoitant
Stymenrt home, the whole of the time,
i-mtre amI a to 05et evenig, and
m to ther boespre. monad irs, anse sew
l es mucl e t.m. That all w a .thls. '
tie may seed their address, $ u eat the ae.
si lns we ake thlm usrralled rr: To
MObch as o fot wel atulede w ill see
I one dollar spay r e toentlbe o wlilti s
FI Fll particular, sample worth several 
las toe asnoE oru3 on asa ,-pspo U5
al Fireside Oi of the bav gest and tIiat
a. ain. " tp'la
agefnt every month Ia the
husines we fith, InSbut
those williaU to work e
esily sard'i doa n dl
tars a day right in their
sw localities. Have so room to euplina
here. Iusines pleasaut and honorable.
Women. and bys and i do as Well as
mn. We will fanridi 'yon a complet
atfit free. The bsins pi e httWer
than anyrthian elme. We wl bear ea
lenle d istarnti yo. Partieall frese.
Write aln ee. LamersI IaId meehenles,
their see as d danghtersl and all clauses
ill ned of paying r o Lt bhoe, should
wrile to ts aund lear all abot the work
at once. Now Is the time. Don't delay.
Address TRUE & CO., Augasta, MaJ
Sept. 16.
Boardinag ,House
L. II. BURDICK, Proprletor.
(Coneor FRONT sad TOULI Mta.)
NATCHurOefI LA.
HIS House ha vin been rettted and
newly Iherlhds is the only fir
clams enuse in th'e city; in fast the only
Houms where trandent travelers can be
well scoommodateu.
TEER S' ly 0.17 0 1 r uaidaM
per day.
A eemmndioau stable in aPo~ ctio
with the Houre. Mc*pt. P.
 _ ,
Bi0