.... . .... ........ .\ """. . : llld livi 1 i~t i I ,t, i h, T!
1 1 X 1 i n" I to r. ,1 1
" 'i ,J. H. COSCROVE
Ii I. I I h h 1:· \
" TH lli ý h LARE OFT POPLE IS THE SU.;E,,-,E, LAW. ,,i,,
6 I I I " Official Organ of the White Citizens of Red River, Sabine, Winn and Natchitoches Parishes.
.| >, i~ ul lt , . I IIII` In ,1 -I- l ,i I , ,I l ,I.- ...
1 P Iii' 'l VtL. Ill. NATCHITOCI IES, LA., SEPTEMBER 1, 1877. NO. t "" "
ý), t ll . Ii a . : . III e .II I111 *-. . tll - m
,1 l . i ii l . . .. .1... ... . . . -- " - - - -. . ... , ll .' llll li
BUSINESS DIRECTORY.
.I (\l -F uilv : ;ru i t l,, C(iiir :,1 antid IT
iimr I D " 'i nk im Str re'+_ - -
AAk 1.\VI,:I 8'- W-o.I ditil lan ,'t1 1111i)h 1,\1ork,,
, ('hurch Str'et
~ ~I '1": -IttF t 1,l Im~artlrn
. ,l NI-T'l'hi, N v S ta in t'l ii ardeni
i ,"Vine Win-ie. ittllo",rlil 'i,,rs. St.Deni .
A 1Li. I-ll' r urnt, St Dellis Sirtreit.
A ,EX LE 1 I .. N ot.try Public, St. lD enis 11'.
. tret. ---
1)111;11.' T'I KF;I;-Gen, ral ( nille ting
1ýent andt ('.tatavscr St. De nis t'rcet. : r
I I ItI'r lW i l F x I' " W .I--\' - Iwd ork iland
!) Ilakvtithinl, Corner 3i"d and Sibley Stis
B i1t,1K0-l)(SUns and l'iitols sold, miutalde aiid
I i epiaird' i St l' nis Street. 't t
I) !I L.\11l) i CAMNIIELIL .M,,rch,indis 0 1n"u 1 t
1 l )ý ntl . tiu ýi, l) p _ll 1' ) _ _rn _t > t e . - Sill
IN I ti i t DNNI N I.4 1 & r 'IIAPI' N-.t- (
ý aIrurtsat L Iat, .Walhing l lt'tet ll'
( L.1(; ..1\" L-7:%V-F-.,,,ily Ihrocerihe, aul
G Ell I S a irchanili, Fol lt sii l r ii'et.
1.151'.1l:1 a AEITRIi -lirv (oods., Gtot
t ",tivits m ul e eral \110 chandizt". Siub
1:,tst fur ti rrw outit'' Shonev. Pruit tirrrt.
(I l: E If\ 1.1Zl. --FaRilniv Gri terics. und"
tJ W.o Ul i ' L -i' en'. ii Streeti
i Fo,'lNTEN li '-- 'iit, r t er is I -ilFa'wit i 1)1
f . t .Ir r' I l. ' , K. E -'.titt1 o r1 '. St. Liaw t .i
(( RiiN -1I:,iS li ll Sh -s iliatd,' and pi
. Id, t St P lii Street. SIiht
J Itl'(; \. .KE.\ NEY-- .R,,ctrhr a J lir \o oft
,II1 N' iliK I C urt A oi,-', ld i ltr, it. tin
SI'\Rt" tE -I 'S-ihirte aIk ( lll alMi,
Tlillwaiy,' F oint l' i S rii ee  .
I TKA ,'F'F;E.-Dry 6ood.s and l rocd sic, Front
I I1TI'IITEN' TEI\-1;enr l I <s rt,,l t
*J" lDir\ GI;,dd A tlid I r jri'.es Fr nut str,,et.
I )'r\I--!P'LEI..- X. !. mnI I.- . tgiris t &;.. . I. a iii,,, ill',, h .,
1- I :1I A l Fl- V --tr N l ;otld. rt, and reil,.A, t iaws,
l Front street. l'i i.
i ie I' .th l'- SurF r-! , t vt. E nI'is t .r ' Il'
f SId ION-Iº r iGoods and Grcerii s t'aih' lit.
*I7 in Et t ' Stree tt. t
JA. GI('OI-Ic)ri Good and Grocleries, elow
" the n irt , lthie ntol, ett" l sont Stre''t.
J 0 1 1 . R SU D ' .1-V 1' ( fu d s a n d p h o i t-- e'l i et s -
b low the DirIt blite, Jetfferson Street.
Jy . I tlNO i S CO--Ch ret Faiu l ysan d Wr c ernie ,
JW Grashinoeto a street.
AS. GENI-'S-Drv otles and Freeriescor
J or Jetterson and .turle, Streets.
J W. SUDDA1TiI-Thu Phnotnie-('hnice L,1
.Lquors a Cigars, St. Denis Street.
WAS, M. II. T1'CKErl-Attorney at Law St.
J teanis Street t. l
JAS. KING ...Wtch k and Jeweler, St.
Denis stre ett.
J 1 YICKLEI-AN'. rialnel and Saddle)ly,
SWishingtli loni s treet.
C. TIN('Ei Er-- erl MGo i andrceite.,Foh-n
r in-otn street.
J 1'CSSE--i tineral Asortuiaet tof Mrl'
. chantlize., \Wasi ton street.
T 11.IEII'ENA -Liniher Y'ardl. intel sectii l
Wi Fru'it, lt. ttil \Vn ashinton streetn,
,I. D\et ('sK ,s ltllret.-Genial Wholal t:le
* iiJ ,i" a .t' l Iea r ndlsole .g1,,it folr W i
onll, WI,.hiingtol l.+tree.
1" A. 1)t ('I'l.\° \I" - ,;t'ies and ýitiplth 1h)1
"f * ;40411 lin 1 is, Shoes. Hits atlul CI'lllt n;,,
,'lut , trei I i t
S t ' \:iTE! -'I h," G,,in tBar Itovw , rhuie,
S in'ull  Li.ttlel, ,1 ('ig : , F r nt vtr"l t.
SE"V& k illlI -lS-Full stoie!. Fanty auit
A Staplh Dlry foods tutu Grutovi-i,;.i lit st.
I)DIPLEI-l -Laid .Agylt, S.r Denis street.
TOIiFE & 1) N: ,ET. -Atturnl'ys at Law,
.L d tstrreet, t,,rner 'T'rnal.L,
1.II. CARVER-lirv Goods. Groverie, and
*l General Merchantive, Front street.
O S('IAFF'IVtA'TI--lIn-t antd Shoe Maker,
" St. Denis Street.
o CAPHAllTlIN--toncral assortment of
" Goods 1)1' all kinls, ,Jefferson street.
P VE1'LEMAN - Undertaker, Washington
P. Street.
POETE-...laker, Jeffterson ,trect.
P , VEULEM A\N-- .Fa luily and Plantatio tl
*Groceries, Washington street.
.S. CALVES.--Dentist, Jefferson street
R E7. IlU sR K - C hi, e F-am,2ily an d WY es ler r
*ll GJroeeryi Dealer, Front street.
R~ p. HUrTON--Livery, Sale and Feed Stable,
*IL St. Denis Street. .
Q ELKINS8- Dry Goodls and Groceries, Jeff
,t,* erson Street, below Dirt bridge.
S o W INRARG- -(eneral M erehandize , P l1an
r ation anti Family Stupplies, Front Street.
T° PONR--Dry Goods anti Groceries, Wash
_ __ngton street2
T LACOSTE-Druggist and Apothecary,Front
*°treet.
FT FI.LLLER--Buck's Brilliant Stoves and
.•*Tinware, Washington Street.
Ti SI ARNET...Dry Goods and Groceries,Front
.L *street.
I TAUZIN'-Billiard Roorn and Bar, Front
.L* Street.
T SCH JtLIA N -- W hole .ale an ti Retail M et
*cehant-generall a.sortmnent for the' tradlo
Front street.
W I JACK.--Attorney at, Law, td st'reet,
* erner Triidaiu.
Wl. DeBT--Boot and shoe Maker, St. Denis
Street.
Wo ,P)WELL--Physicain and Surgeon,
Professional Cards.
3. A. nunn,
Physician and Surgeon
Montgomery, La.
*t7 . A CU.[J.VIJYGIIJ.I,
ATTORNEY AT LAW.
44 Carondet Street, NEW ORLEANS, LA.
VILL attend the June and December terms
othi the Distrits courts at his old home
Nlatchltohes, La.
Win. g. SaoL.,
(Successor to JACK & Piaxsos)
Attorney and Counselor at Law
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
WILL practice in.Lhe Courts of Natchitoches,
Sabine, DeSoto, Red River, Winn, Rapides,
and Grant, and in the Supreme Court of the
arte. Claims promptly attended to.
April 2d 1877.
Wan M. Levy,
ATTORNEY AT LA W.
/Rue Resumed the Practice of his Profession.)
4 WILL practice it the Parish and District
Courts of Natchitoches and Red River
Sterme Court of Louisiana, United States Die.
lot and Circuit Court ot Louisiana and U. S.
."it of Claims at Washington.
?I Office in the Lacoste Building (Up
Stairs.) .j
NATCHITOCIIES, LA.
May 6: b, 77.
M.ORSE & DRANG(IUE T,
. ITT VI" ,F 1 .1 '0 r'ONSELV)l'S .17T
NAT'lIIIT)C(I1ES, LA. 1
.'l
May 2; 1-7g7.
C'. (Chaplin. ,I . ni'nuninl ihaml . T . P 'haplilln.
CHAPLIN, CUNNINGHAM & CHAPLIN S
.Attorn'flfs ald ('o, .uselors at La,.r. dlil
St. 1)Ducnis St., Natchitoches, La. kets
lILL practice in the courts of R"lp- DR'
? id.s, (rant. 1Vini, Saihij. D)esoto,
SIR dEl Rivticr liil Natclhitochlie , ;tinl tihe
Slit'u iiin e Courtl op f the S tlt('.
('hihi; pllm'ltly attended to in ancy
piart Of thie tnion. iMarchl 25-1Y
JO.# n. IHOIERT SO}i,
(Lat' If New Orleans.)
ATTORNEY & COUNSELOR AT LAW
('( SII .VrTA. w'.\
I ED l, I l: fl1:1, I l'IIIN , LO 1.';I/.I..
W ill practice in (tn ltt:l, Nat('hito
Ich,,. tla.n tithl. Many.v, :nd in cv'v y p rt. In 1
of North-\ ,',st Louisianm. S olrial att.n
tli ln iVýt'll t i .,illtl t'nl i'ý,tllll w ." h --illo l'. .A
i ,Jllliu ' 9Ith, 1-7T -tf. .11l
D, Dr. W. Bl. Powoll
- ME~ll(INE and SI'UItER. (,
't 1l'lFIC'l ,n >1'. I l.:\IS STIl'l].ET, p1ht
- I NAT(IIITOCIES. LA. t.
('alls to the Country promptly at- try]
tended to.
ItRfirs to irs. F o.Ihnsi, n ... tI. Stephin. t'.
lamlin an ti . E.b. Gill i. M .,r, l ullardt
-& ('atph t ll, 'ar' Ir- &. Taylor, Trichcl & Aircy
andti Coi . E. lBIlurko
April ,.-ly
Business Cards. F
C..A. IUILL.\I) N. II. CAMPBHELL
Iulllaut( & Campll)b1ll,
--DEAl..:S IN
1DRY GOOI)S,
GRIOCERIES,
II.\il)1VAIRE,
Anll General Merlchandise. th
Corner FtIONT & L.\-.\YETT'rt: Street, w
utlchi tot.(s, La. lo
ITIGIIEST cah price paid filr l-tton :and 'i
l [ (:iIIltt pr'odulce ill cash or mercthitalladiSe.
Peteor Veuleman,
--I.EALEI IN
1'i IlLY G'ROCjEhliES
A full auor inltnt of W .1.t.-l'.i',n 'oil
sialilly oil ha11.11
Soc.,til intlt ntt l ltts tlo('.\,ll (n'tulto uel'Is.
\ASHINGTO(; N STRE.'T,
Natchitoches, la.
I Maruh 2--1y.
--------------------------------~`~~~
J. C, Trichel,
--I)E.\.LER IN
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, IIARI)
S\VARE, IIOO'TS and SHOES, IIATS,
ETC.
- lillest cash price paid for Cotton and
u Country I'rodurce.
WASHINGTON, s'r.,
NATCHITOCIES, LA.
R. E. EBURIEL,
-dealer in
GROCERIES
rn FionX STtu:I:T, Natchitoches, La.
[ O. i* haifrath,
Boot and Shoe Maker.
CH TIALLENGES the world for neatcnesn
n- and durability'of work. Satisfacti '
S and material gularanteed
hShou :su St. Denis St.
C. L. WALIIMLIEY. R. JI , W .LMSI.ErI
C. L. WTALMSLEY & CO,
COTTON FACTORS
--ANI-- l
GENERAL COMMISSION MERCIIHANTS.
Perdido St., New Orleans, La.
March 2-1y. l1
O-soar C'hopiz1; P
COTTON IFACTOR
COMMISSION MERCHANT,
No. 65 CARONDELET ST.,
July 1 -1y New Orleans. (4
1 T. S. FOSTER JR.,
WITII
. ORR & LINDSLEY,
-MANUFACTURES AND JOBBERS
B. OOTS and SHOES.
. • ST. LOUIS, MO,
July 1 l-6m.
I. D. WORRALL,
WITH
SIMMONS' HARDWARE CO.,
,s. -IMPORTERS OF
be TIRD IP&ERE 4 CUTLERI'
ST. LOUIS, MO,
July 14-6m.
NOTICE.
PAI:ISI OF NATCHITOCIIES,
ict State Tax Collector's Office,
Rr May 22d, 1877.
This oltice is now open for the collec
tion of LICENSES and TAXES, due the
?p State and Parish.
L. N. LANE,
Office on St. Denis St. Collector.
May 26 tf.
aspari & Pietrilch,
tlI
(Lal'oyte l' uilbling) 11(
FRIONT St., NATCIITOCIIES, La. as "
gon(
-11111
IIl.\N op I nitn of a NEW M.AMMLTI[I n nld
cialti
SI'lNG :uI( t SI.131Elt II I STOC'I , the
direct flonl the New trlteanis and Easter nlnar- .Plll
kets, consistins in'part of lIn:s
DRY GOOD)S, an
CLO''IIIN(G, ,1j
IHA ''S, (1
l H ý )l ) :l1 ,
F(':;t '1':E E118 , Na;
LAD)IEIS .\Nl ;I:NTS' mtu
iitl.,
In ,:,t, lion
But
.\ f lllinv,, t't ; º)) ll t,,r thle ,unlry trV : ,,a t
.\All of ai hirh tlh tre sellling at lcts than NEW
IRLI,.\ NS l'll('IE.S citl
i F'()I ('ASHI. pop
('all and eXamiin the lat'est and nmostt cnt Kith
pltes-tock evir hit n_"ht to this muairket ialld llle
satifv uirs,lvtes ai s ti their prie'es '('
i s" itliet prc pait ti'or 'otton a l i ciUin ,iok
r- I prodiiel . in csh or li rcitlhandllc, 01)
March .'5--Iv. Vid
11101
M,. H. CARVER.,
FRONT ST'rl:EET, t
SNatcl:toc Ls a. a.i
For the FALL and WIN- ',
orit
TER Trade. .vil
NEV GO))ODS! il
New Goods ! ! fl'r""
rT'IlE entire stock is better and more rI'I
I select thin anny ever,' introduced into owl
this Market, and having betlt Intrihased intl
with CASHI, can Ie sol lod1,r than the evce
Iloteste siat
1 'Th'h Motto oif the Firmu is tot sell r'ln
CllEAl'I:R TIIAN TilE CHiIEAPESI' i:T. st
in
j ('all tl ex:uiine oulr stock, which I the
I conists ill part if
CASSIMEltE:, pot
y I A S.hi
fir
r IuIIN'IS , his
IIROWVN l;t.LE.A ilill tllTtiNS,, tih
LOWLLS wa
LADIES' DRESS GOODS, Iolh
dei
BLANKETS,
Woolen Goods of all kinds. tie
Gr e
BOOTS, tih,
S, SHOES, alt
LADIES' and G(ENT'S. IIATS wl
tl Clothing, a full and Comnplete Assort tll
ment. tin
Crockery, Hollow & Wil- bo
low Ware.
A full line "of FANCY and FAIAMIL ev'
WI
G;ROCERIES, WINES, LIQUORS. &C. se
Books, Statiounery, &c. &c. c
In fact a
A FII ESII and select stock of goods always
on hand, which havitg len purchased on
a cash basis enables uis to offer extra induce
ments to cash buIyers.
Highest cashi price paid foir cotton andt othler
Sproduce, and liberal advancts made in cash
merchandis oni consignment I
orMarch 2-lv. i
1Mrs. C. 'PE~3 iI,
- Fornier Proprietlires ol . 7 7 1
E Carondelet Strieet
), NEw OIII.r:.AS, L.I. I,
TAS removed to No. 4 Ba:tonn Strett,
11 Corner Canal. Btintg vwryv thilnk-"
ful foir past favors l,'stow'dl by her i
contry frienuds, atl esliecially those ofI
S. the Red River pwn'ishes, she nlw sliits -
Scontitiltnce oft their laitr'onage, anI 5
having iletter t-ilities allitti thie linest i
located house in the City, she hIop'as lIy
il- proll'rert aind attlltiit)lltO c to se te lie
Spatronllage of hi'r ftriends and the puillic.
Thet.t low ralte of $1.511 per day is chalg- r
ed for Board and ITodging.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
S(Ofice under Vindicator Office,)
S ST. DENIS STREET,
NATCII TOCIIES, LA.
April 29.- ly.
JOSEPH C KEYSER,
Brickmnaker aid Layer.
IS PREPARED to do all work eutrusted
Sto him quic(kly and in a workmnanlike
manner. Tomnb, Chimneuys, Cisterns and
- other work solicitued.
Orders left at BULLARD & CAMP
BELL'S will be lronmptly attended to.
Jan. 27, lyv.
0,, FROM HER ASHES.
The Phoenix has put on new life and now
caters for public favors.
J Warren Suddcth
has taken charge and DAN now dispenses
the choicest
, BRANDIES,
S WHISKIES,
J LIQUORS,
lleic CIGARS,
ethe &c.
RICH ST. LOUIS BEER ON DRAFT.
Don't forget, ye thirsty, the P1rEGNX
r. on St. Denis Street.
IFebh. 2t.1l
A LUCKY FIN). iron
The Romuacee of an Old Bureau-how er.
a Rus~sian Tradesman Made ilis For- tilew
tune. low
Russia has been caustically defined at Ic
as "a chunltry with its upper class ")
gone, its Tiower class not yet come, we \
adl no middle class at all ;" and it is insp
undoubtedly true that the coinlmer- Wou
vial and manufacturing interests of sayi
the empire iae still vely hiadequtely him
replesented. At the time of the trou
emancipationl of Ir861 there were in tier
illssisa proper, out of a popullation of -c\
53,11l,l(l.01t , oily .l-ll)00 00)t burgesses mad
and suolstainttial tradesmen, a large all
lroportlon oft \\hoi werte utterly un- got
ilu.enllted : ii:1ny , indeed, has actulally as I
ill , 11 , "" f' th"in,, l ei \ '-, ;11l11 owed their
.lf iii ' i -:' t. I ..' l (heir ow l in I- I
l tli i .i, - Il- -, il- r If li11
l\, ,,;, ,'~~i !,t l . ht1(i ,  e i L ol.
. 1ll 'l l 1't ; i , t . i II". oI , n"ll'n lt 11 1
I !'ok es clns, ', t: ill . i- i t llt e l ii' - , ,r
l'l.c r li4 iu'r tl S t.q . 1',,!."'" n:"2. ,l tlit ! l i.
Iit\intli, de\ t i~l t, I,- til. gllr ci, fts s q,,
loills t eli \' ll t t('Ii," ;I .- tee I hea s f a -o lli'ilt
lint it 'u.! c i d that li t lIthe bu lk h el
oi this lo s tla :ii lt veris' "irouilgh di ial i
irlldt," i -l deel. Thlli Russian tCi r- lllot
chant, as le appeals on the stiage land : lif
Iepopulalr inovel. lulket llpt. uni ased, it t I
r'edole Iof iad hlali ly and worle to- llan
bacco, gamlished his "convedrsatione at si
every turn \\ith coase oaths, and il
okes coarser, i till, is mercely a humn- ,t
eoris exa,.ggeratili of the real indi
vidual, who chanlge s his shirt once a cult
molllnth, drilks tea by the gallon, li nd s Il
Seats sialteod en tlibers b the bushel, aol
c(iiibs his hail \\ ith his fingers, and eitn
S ltgreets every l neii tance with i ti
stentorlin shoul t of "\ell, yoe ous t ll of
a dog ! how the devil ae yoiuhi to-dayh it 1
l n t infetrally glad to sene you !" ot
oangh iand uncultivated as the mI aj-s
orilty of this classd i , however, they ii
yield tIo no nln living in their apti- t'he
tlde for business' and not lin frequent- iv
"y aiCCninlllate elloi'lllots fortunes' at .
)liie of the richest tradesmen h i St.. t!
Ietershltrg at the lpesent time was a
serf before the emancillpatiiin, alind al
Sowes his wealth eintirely to his ownll
i industrly. In one or tlwo cases, hot '- ite
( ever, the alrtered fortiunes of the RuIis- n
art
Iian traders, have had ato uch mliore
iroanltic history, iand one such in- Mel
stance, which occurred while I was lar
in Rnssia, is well worth quoting in hol
the words of thet the ro himself t:
"When oily old uncle Niokolai Oisi- th
pltti (hay the kingdot m of Heavenli teilit
his), came to die, we expected that ihe tw
would leave us something hadsoame.
for 1 haul 1vlwy.s been ai favorite with
hin ; litut all that he tgave was WI
his old carved-oak bureau, telling he
miie thait 'there was more in it than lot
there seemed to he,.' However, that All
wasn't the case, for we found I just to
nllothig in it at all ; so we made sure h
that the ohnli an uslilt have been wan-tire
derishoi, and tlouiitil no more aiout it. art
At that time l usea d to keep a lit- ed
tle shop down at the far end of the
Gorokovalgl (one of the three main I sai
thoroughfares of St. Petersburg); nd a g
although I didn't get very far upon hatl
lhat l mlade, yet still there wtas
I enough to buy bread and salt, as me
the saying is. But when the had tel
times cname in the year '6(, and every- w
i body was shot t of money, I began to wi
run short, too ; and short got to short
er, ad shorter s lstill, till at last I hard
hly knew w.hich way to turn. o ll o
Sever, as the proveib says, 'crying a
won't niend a broken leg,' so I just
set ny teeth and workld fon. But Ic
can tell you that sotoetines, when the
children cameot about lve at night, and i e
asked why I never brought them any tl
ii pre ctty tllngs now, as I used to dot it
was as bad as ift somebody had beaten l
sli e. a 1
"Well, at last it came to this of it,
elt ,- Pol tie wncll altogt'her so the iS
- ag - for i hd saol. i so tixed, and the aiu is
n oincem iil t st lt iut. Aind then,
aift_ r to ib li et .i ht d t tlie heart oil
''' he r il, tt alll , , \ itt y lad, -. ys
Iid had'oi s hlet I mr Ie.t, li;s ct s-d
st, g t ie i), iy kniow mult i eUi' piis t i
lu cke llr cl t ii t uet vli-every ottimus
hahe is euepsatid di wns.' o nali
'i - Thohling e:wh olhel'snhtit ays I i;bu
Iti saiyg a Wodat ithn iall at liiic,
ArT there nsi i e k ck it . tt he imloor. ut
y "I wel t o oney . t il' the o alt tts tth-e
SPolice Iat slreinspetor of he qarte, on I
. khind ta lil s tver livd, alln a' lionl
fiiesi of inie, aint in lie cgimet and
shook 'Wll by the hand q tite heartily.
" 'Cheer st, Stethka, lay ladte tays
shc 'to live tolifeline is not like cros
sing a bh, h ou know. Ianiiil the
luck h ier turu yit levry g nivey must
" 'pThat's trfr e ewhottgh,y Y The; 'ut
I'n sorry to biart nwitn the ol things,
tii all that. n owever, a spps its all
have rniliey to live tpo teiot'stritet
endnugh what the boverb stais, i Moiaey
is not God, but it shows great o i erdy.i
" 'Well, anyhow, d 'll do what I t n al
for yon,' hys tred, clapuping h oea the
afr about it, and they'll all be
qthere to-uikorrow, ard give you a good
i '" Bice fr what they rey. Thee'sp
sesthat oq l bureau, reaw, i the cous er
sr tonder-athat ought to fetch soioe-r
solid oak t'
where Uncle Nikolai's whreau was
standing, and began taising th and
o trying tre grawr of the wood with cis
quite quick and excited like :
i' 'Bring the light here, Stepka,
quick ! This bureau of yours has a
to pressn his fingver agaiust a little
iron p',on., just like "t rtusty nail,
which stuiick outli from onle of the corn
ters. Ill a Itllnnlentl the whole topl
tlew boack. and there was a deep hol it
low full ,of halnkl notes. to ti tue Wi i rai
at least fi,'t ) lhubles. ( ':.)lllllll) reCti
"Well Vyou laily think what a way ia lne
we were in, and how we tlhanked the11 peilt
inspector; nbut he (God bless himl) vent
wouldn' it touch a kopect if the fi itnd,
saying that it was qilite eontli forll it
hliin to see ISs slaved out of all louri I
troubles. And after that -just as it't es
there were, a blessing ion thlie money tlll
-everythin tig went well with tiie, aindl I l
niade my fortune in just no time at tlie
all ; alili as for thet old bureaui, I've tio
got it. now, and I'll never part with ii as y
as I ong as I live l"ilie
THE HI.IE llEl 11 hi1'!:I. her
Long Houlirs and Ntume'rou, ift' 'ot li
Lxutrious, Meals*, o
The llinnutl t'nllng of the ri'vetr not
ilricer \,iho1se tenits are 10ow pllitchled to
nieal 1S on tlhe lhksnk of tlhe Aindlr- I d
s itig, lili, is all 'vent alxiolsly aw\iait- lia t
t thisi year', linot onlt y y the i her hlte'
imanufacturers, il l t 1als tIy thnI e lilli'l a
het consuil.ll And not by thl.t corn
alone; fior the Illiin, Ui nen 1 will s n i t Ili
eae lo Ian q's at f lueguits atllyf ani
clothes liland t lith , Ilix rlies of civiliz nc It
lifei'. T ihey llel, t igtl'nst Oi glti, ti"l t 'li
tien, ' ediri g i jollyl i iif ta laborouls and not
dangerous Iiftei. A glai ce at their slai
style of doing things on lal not aet Imo
without interest at this time. pre I
Three hundreld meni will covet and terli
lit a section of abouiii t threte miles of t
square, taking off i0,00l lots, which The
would measure ablnoua t l10,0ien, fcl tt, f oetl,
eich selass . ',eork d egi t s at dafy-. CO tl
light ant ends an to da; an ll hen each
tithe. days rlen , osuch s the ioon favorst in l
a long. wilight or earil'y i ti'rni l the f le
1e get 1 eltthe henlietie l in longer work- te
ini hours. hil the rivers, lihen the inti
drive is started, work begins at three basis
o'clock in the mlorning and ends at TI'
nine in the evening, the men haviing n( 1
Live mIlealt--breakfast at three, lunch in t
it nine, dinner at twelve, supper alt eugt
live and tea at nine. Tio mleal con- upoi
tsiste of pork andiii d i ean, oi bread, hlIr
nmolas.es cake and tea or coflfe. calm
No stint is given to a ma's appoe t 'h
Lite. The fare, such as itis, isabud.e c ook u
ant, monotonous, nutritiousand cheap. to
_ A cook is provided fir every tifty tinu
men. The beans are generally the got <
holding about hal'f a bushel, then ten, ill
pounds of polt k is set in the middle of You
the belli ns tr in the polit, a a 1raall tf
I 1iiik ovraills, '(Vs lOi l liltt , natl tIlon
Spints of woolasses pouredlis, is t in, and then of tie
old pt is sack liet i ed in. a piello nd brill
with hot ashes and ur ning charcoal, t
3i the, top colIred with a stone, over "up
which a heav tilwood lie is ailt, and ill
b dh tfrey stliy flrom five to eight rli
hours,ettin ou t a e teitii spalat nhdiesh. at n
All the cbakinig is de in rudely built so t
tone d hores, which are hated before till
the dough is mixed with a goo] wood l otio i
arout set upon the stones and oar cook-e a he
ed quickly and thoroughly. ci
A campod of 3ten. All will conuted va
daily ftour baunrels of ilans, half a I e(
barrel of pork, one barrel of flour, sha
1halt a barrel of meal one quarter of be
Sbarrel of sugar, and tli men gallot eis of
molasses. The mend o' tare season, tld in
tents, making their beds of boughs', I
or fwh tile e their extra gleoting, a spair c k
dark overalls, woolen shirts, and two can
pairs of woolen sofks, is kept inll all t
Sunday in the woods is always a
dil' for sharpening axes, nlendlng t
llsleds, repairing l iits and clothes, po
csettig oui a new tenting spot hander, t
to thine others in thewooes, alind all
the odd chores which would grow ou e
aest of the congregation of so largt e ai i
body of men. All well-regulated l
lcamps exclude liquor. eing usually
fifty to one haacitndred miles from ay
settlement, and the men not being
paid until thorse end prithe seasonr there
is littloe indueen, wle e fllinto for any specula- s
gtor to peddtoble rui through the wt os, to l
lust oron in a fritolstrag Ioffin sey'cht ot c
n The onsulplion of allt xes and hli'n-t s
C i Ihs is en rio , 'l as a ql x lasting a ilte I
nthe aInl. a hanidle is slhree, ldweeks.
my then axes ale (liarened dat ily, mainster ii
ae'ms ti a kllaing at )e lier sharislei liner I
whll thers egot tllire beach Ini to, i
rukeer ie hdis owna iino toder. Thlk e woldll
wax hare eveor a lected orl'nib the jnkil
i dealersin tLhe distanoor horse to ship te l
a ll ainil stood oni great to angka itan ou
o n siould niarel seen hor-- l wistown
out ( Maise) Jour nal, as if to sa, Tlak
[Chial's Wou l,]
pkA homise was pranc unkindg over thea
icrds othne day, whehi tne intell into ace,
t ditch and coul not b t olt. i11 was do
oe help himn ither. inot old Whltey It
ed, tho isght of lai tha lI he knew wouwlsa
ltwork. hi bounthat d offes i to tall omi'.
o then walked , noble but the master ik to
ted hel ini knew it once de wished hioi- t
ito o to the pfrsti So e started,
f ot itrt itg.
'rh Vl tin~g lle Of tilie south ist
realizethtthe Ihat the istorical period of
reconstltionll Is at ani end, and that The
a new era is upon them. The dislp- ons n
pearance of the woful rnle of the' ad ny
vent rer, the negrlO and the ayli:leOlll't e
frees their hands fromu the struggle said
Itith their own wronis. Their dis- a
enthralled section suddenly lifts its ilds
f. eyes fromu the contelImlatlion of its excel(
long hleeding, but now lhealing uiilc
wounds, and finds itself tmerged into livin
the new nation, partaking of the na- o
tioh's life, and possessing a vast bot need
as yet latent influence in national af-they
fairns. Shall she step to the front ivte
with a steudlv trie:,l, anu hold her Or t
own upon this hiig.tor plane, or shall!can tt
her souh'n ex:iltiation iMlake her diz- 1and t
'zy'. (listr;let heI' coilunels, narrow her cilolin
policy and caus.e her' to' tile hlse into the ci
provincial insigniiieia ce ? It will
I not do for' the vyoinig tu' of the Soitlh
to !give theI'sel'ves up to re'jici'ng
and ofli ce-hling. They are the Th
light of her fultuire life, her brains, her (c iI
Sheart andt her Ihope, and her leaders proili
i nci w i(i i illi;ant epoch of the talit
c ountri's history, as utli'ke uhe past co11
a, Iilitght is unlike day. They have We
f ser'ti s wll  oll' ok to l . that
I It is theirl duty to shulwv the woihl ijustIt
: that the o.verthrow of ne gi'o rule is t
Ii not It r:lilio ill the direction of who
r slavery, but a priogr'essive forlwalrd ate
( niovc'tell lIt. It was the iieCessal'V 'ie
prellhd ti, the establishmllent of fra- nali
1 terntal telntlios and to the behinning their
s of the deiy of sectionl l\nimiosity. Ial(
SThe brlave men of the XNoMh and the ing i
S.outh leharned to respect each other 14(o0l
-on the battle liehl, and uIdonlll tedltv lti
Seach section standstl to-day flu' higher deep
s in the other's esteem than it did be- Ing.
e fole the war. The time is auspitcious, vatl
th'erefore, for cementting the sectionllS C)
e into an emuling union upon a lasting
e basis. i
it The North at last distinctly an- a1nd
g nouteces its desire to ,eeeive tLe South rye I
h in the national councils, not as coll- tril
It quered foes alndl repentent sinners ric
upon trial and toleration, but upon lich
1, the fullest equality, as proud mien tile
comoing with no apologies to lmake. ei's.
This generous invitation the Youngi been
. South accepts, and turning her face ablc
I. to the flntte she bids the "good old ill El
times" forever farewell. Slavery is tion
Ce gone, and all that is left of its spirit it ii
ts tmust also go. Its spirit was necessa- -1'
n rily hostile to immigration. The W
t Yoeung South throws its doors open to d
a all the world, and invites the children
t of every land to comie and share her lli
A brilliant promise of fortune. bo r
, The Young South, whose tnotto is ce ti
r "up with trio schoolhcouse and down ii
t with the revolver," will bend its eIn
It orgies to providiing every child with
I. at inctst the rtdimenits cfan1 ed!icati,, Ot n
It so that it will be as well equipped for ''l
ic thie bttle of life ais if it had beenu
cI olrin in the centre of' Xew Enlgland. I'"
e The Youig South, in short, will push Upil
ah- ead like the West. She needl not in
cease to be noted for chivalry and paris
Ihospitality, ibut she should grow rich llY
a and pow''erful, and her influence in i
r, shaping the destiny of the natioti will
of be greater thani it was even in the I
of paluiest days of the slave regimie. Ias
Si -- 4l .----- ..ley,
' It is sonice ears silnce farmers could farn
Safford to be as complacllent as they 'The
a can be now. Genealnly this seas,i, this
1° there has been, and is now, little to lasi
comiplain of. Wheat anid rye, and (lai
oats, where cot, have done well; if no 0
a not verS well, hay has turned out norl
Si better than it li'rolisetl in the slpritg; cse
potatoes are a good clrolp inl spite of
e the beetle; bfodder crops, coru, and A
ll rtoots, are doing well, :andt outside of Let
"' the fallm, busi(ness is lookin g lip. \\re the
a have got over the flurry of artificial litti
ed values ; we Ihave come down to "hardlI fart
ly pan11," 1and tlhose who are out of debt wc
n feel as well as ever. Confidetelle is iac
n returning ; it is a wotnder that it 'was are
rever lost; and if any itnui in tlher te
Ia- worild should be conifident, it is the fir
us, fiarlter who is out of debt, and who ing
chl knows ihow to use his farm wiIell. u
Unfirtuunately tlhere are collllarative. cl
i-. lv few siuch; but the exlerielcle oflii
a the ipast few Vciits ouglitt to addl an
'ks. grcatly~ t the lnuiber of this class.
S'lThie great stiudy of thie farmelri niiow
Irs, sholdt lie, to addt to tilhe calilacit' of aIC
to his soil by evert aplplihtce Iollci\in to to
old science. lhow \we have ehantlgl dil- lis
'ik rillng thle lpastl fetw years! No inenic
ai re no\w liore elger for scientific llo
an knowledge than falitiers ; atidi years ji
i ago tile idea tihat scietlice coulc do tiu
atcythiing for the tattm, wias sected itl
by the gi'reat majority of theli. ltllt hi
whalt has been done is too lalliily l!
seen, anltil it, Is too cletarly undlllerstood i
now, how mitch crinutiis to be |ldiie
the before the farmlner can say that lte is
to satistied. We are jlust begiillilltg to
was know how to leanr. This is the fitst
ool step in all edlicitiion, anll it is i'retty is
not certain that, in the next few yeats,
itey we shall see a great advance ill otr i
Il systeln ef algricultlure nclid in its irol- of
his italle operatillon. Noiw' is the ti11e of
ilc our i neceissity, and netcetssity being
Iand he inothler ofi inivetition, a Wily" to i
ster iartive it the needed lend wiill be soonti
im, reacheld. And the end we oed to
tht reach, is simply to bring the jInc'cithie
liI iue cli:city of thle farnim to ali equali
ted. ty with that ocf other intustries which
Old hive, filtr years past., shot ahead lof
anid gritullture. - Acieican Agricultu
If rist.
(ald
7 EnrUAcil,..-Thhink not that -Ou I
oit are the on ly one who has to endure
aou and who dreads the hlardslipsl of life.
bbed Ease and colnfort are Inatural de
sires of the Ihuman heart; and thlere
acr ;e tliorns, reail or inmaginariy, in eve
iderry ole's Iathway. Bti sitfing do\wn
nc d brooding will uever bring power
ee to overcome theni. Ralllther hIe "up
I ildo doing," thlankful for the blessing
still renaining. If yot havei health
? a adil strengthll yo l have reasotl to be
ti glad, iu spite of. Fol'tuno's frown; for
h' ow uintch harder iwould be your Iot,
S or etfrfts to gain a living, if you were
ow / :ihMle, bliuti, or deaf?
AM( )N(w the 1, 'A I~MI ',1 .
FARM NOTES.
llean, and P'eas as Food.
The white hean, known by v.u.
o nall metme, as the naivy beIant, I,." -
miy (lll lt, Cand soletl i II is t t tlhe Y111
Ie heanl , is amo stt excellent ii l i. li
said to contaiO n more t li t rl'illl ellit 
any other, r an at less exapelse. i':i
kinds both peoans and beans, are mi .l
excellent, cooked olr dry, :and t11e
would be a great dilt'ren e in tihe
living and health enjoyed it' (1nl1v
morl'e were 5lsed. C'ountr'y propl)'
they have only to plant and enltit
vate to have pleunty. Plant a is ceI
or two ltss cottonf than youI think ouni
n manage, anllllll d haIve ai good llgarden t
and track patch. Try it, just lfor ttc
comuing year, and you'll always keei
the custom . p hereaft ar.
Root Crops.
The American Farmer urges f;irll
ers not to eglehct tihe root trip.s, atl'
pretlicts that t ll timt.e is not tl dai
tant \then their P roduction wgill hei
come as general as that of1 "o11) itsrl.
\Ve hiave long held and t our sct iti
that no l ainefr is even now doil,:
ljustict to itilmsf, or his duty to the
amute beasts comlltlcdteitd to pis care,
who negleets to grow a it least hid
(rate supl)ly of sune kind of roote.
Tihe antity that can he taised tcill
make amends for any deliciency in
their nutritive iop crties, and their
health-giving 11nd health maintain
ing innluence shouhl determine their
product ioll. Whatever kinds are
cultivatelld they ca only he grownt by
deebl ceatilvtion a d thorough , anr
ing. \Vilp th ese pre-requisits, alny
variety may be, in ordinary seasons,
counteld upoU as certain of giving
good yieilds as most tof' our crops.
Investiga tions by Prof. barklyon
and Mr. Cooper, would seent, to place
rye before wheaat in the scale of nit
trition. They pronounce it one-third
richer than wheat. Rye is especially
ilow in gluten. to hiscrresponds with
the generally received ideas of farm
ers. In Pennsylvanlia rye has long
been considered one of the most valu
able cereals as Ifood for horses, tand
in Europle it is held it hig el it isa
tion for fead. It winters easily and
thitives on a comparatively poor soil.
--l'airio Farmer.
Weeds need onstantly to bet olook
ed after and taken y the fori etop.
Rlemes ter that every tweed that is
allowed to go to seed this year, will
be replaced by hundreds and thoa
slas beext year. "(toe year's seed
ing" of weeds is said to produco
"lifteen years of weeding," and it is
not far frcom theo t o t ch..
ThI "rdecline of Ironias" will trict
pr toduclive of great Ienlefit, if it frcl e
upon our judges the ploit that color
in such a breed as the Brahma is com
paratively a ui"or point, and that at
amI rate size and form are much muore
ilportat.--Fanciers' llazette.
Some of the best hay which we
have founs, ie the market this year
has been that madt( from Nepaul bar
ley, the yiehl of thich on some tole
I farms exceeds three tons to the acre.
TFho greatest hay producing district
I thisryear will include the reclained
t lancc, and even lands partially re
Is claimled, the ownerls ttof which have
Snro compiaints to luake about dronrth,
e northers, or heated tarts.-San Frat
cisco Bulleti.is sccssull tit
Sletter writes as filltaws: "Don't killaof
1. the lrows, even thorgh they raise lt
c fcilrter iil ouir towi i.ll sh ot o te lst
week, and fi is crop literally
f acked with itatolC ieetles. Tool hest
4 ar milte)r 1, 'llpeds tha)in crows." 1icitl
L ar't ifecoirmed ilhat ta Lnigdnilderryt
l fa er is this year successfuit illy tight-in
I in thlte hlgs whitth a little ab ny of
t claim that ducks will cart an honest
1living destlroying the bugs.-'it iraor
d and Farmer.
Melons sluld he l cre t flnor theylds.
to '1lpee, IcaVsolle owilg t0o,1 tnteqtal
d is it 'ittign of the SUtctit caus tlveit
, wmelons, lthe hslc i f the a tfit does
)that, next ti the ftit I(stalk retaiusl
Iintoler1hly hitter, so that ay phinti
sliatll te is etlta ', they ripen graduabelly
Sal cociSion, ili front tnuilely.
yel'e wan| ,ialt'i'rs in OuiIr Fxtriencelds.
atThe revsiol ' ofur 'tlator system
t tawrought eshrikage and deplit e
ioicnl strmer valus urkd bulkpoi
iciof our prductis ene, t b
tu- Seitut to that disct reonucy has been
toin l oncllsio, resulting frof introelve'
Syears' Olnde1'lation at d experience,
yo wilts the "sxlelSe (f a 11111' eant" Rye
lte as t hli e focst, ailmost pro itable anids
ifectomical systet'lu' to work upon inrk
tlion coulde 1ti: eessity of intrl-e sin
cing on our stiaiilg anta tilns labor-ce.ving
ion tplemets and achiery that or negrs could not Le
t saftly ethxpelltse of a mante s averagec
uP dynamic force, aideill byO sc ingeniIous
ie o latrinclhiesry, tlrodt requ moired work
althan could be ointelli ained frm the sint
ce lin, Experiments were made everyio
f owhere, and their solution etablisheir, o
t disafely entrusted with, ad the care, direc
pere pliances, imperftctiuon or' dcicieuiei
that anleared..