i1st geople's 'i .pditattr.
Advertising lite. ot no hi i or ring. Fiti anti tttapokct
:s " - ntl tihe friel.tl of the l'lPI,'i.i.
tlyu"'s', I i ý I C 'j I /
__.=_l_:__lJ. H, COSCROVE
I q~ar -.  '1 $; ,l i -/ E dlit,,, & P r',priet,,r.
On are .. ti 6 50 $ 10 il 115 00 t 100
sq 4 7tt i7 O n 1 ) t101 n 2( tiu0
___ "" I.4 " ihr:,__ L IJt t
" n: iqt," ito i: i on 25 ott ito Pouno l|liished Every MATVIIIJAY M~i'ning
3 iyqllal'rý ....I 3 (Ii14 1 1 1 1
s~tnares.. 14 t) 18 I00 "1t it, 00 35 it) 0
i qciar.)S--- I 24 Itt i; ti ! Ott 45 to
":"""'7 ....ii ,," .0'0" 3 l. .)THE WELFARE OF THE PEOPLE IS THE SUPREME LAW. O . Cy, i . ........... .
p /11a rl 31| U0 s'V I.ý1I1ii IIII III IlI i"1' III)l -(I
_s___a,..... .. .. .. . ... .. . . .. One copy ,six _oths...._.._.1_._ O nn
, ,,... I, (,;:1 , ",,, ,,,. 0,1 Ofcial Organ of the White Citizens of Red River, Sabine, Winn and Natchitoches Parishes. , ,,,
) - -. All advertqsem,.nt for hm time tnan n m 5
m E i ctL C1t p 47 ptIre of _ - - - - - -dli
- ) r q a r; ,I _y . .. ... . ...... . ... . . . . .. .. .. .. . . . .. . . .
,,, , ith, . i ",o. VOL IV } NATrCHI'TOCHLS LA., FEBRUARY 23, 1878. NO.23 ,,,,,,,. b,,,.
.I 1ti lge1tins1IIi,,, 5-I, p e r stI tar,'.• , ,,n,,
BUSINESS DIRECiORY.
A KAgH--j Family (;roceries, Corner' d and
A St. Denis Streets. I
_ MAYEl'-1VWodI and Blacksmith Work,
S. Church Street.
S PEINI--The New Stand-Beer Gardens,
A.P finae Wines. Igiquorsand , 'i im's. St.Denis.
_A A'UIN-Rlestaurant, St Denis Street.
ALEX LEINoEE-- Notary Public, St. Denis ti
street.
"-----Y T'(UCKER-General Collecting
Agent and Canvasser, St. Denis street. -
O.-1 and Pistols sold, made and J
.Repaired, St. IDenis Streelt.
i Lt-,ARD AM l'IBELL.-'lerchandise and
B plantation Supplies. Front Atreet.
HAYGPLINC INIIA M & CIIAPLIN-At
Ctorere at Law. Washin!ton street `
OLE tN LEVY--Family Groceries andi
CGeneral ferhandize. Front street.
,_mSPAI ,h. 1)" ITRICI--)rv Goods, Gro. II
, eles and General ,Merchandize. Sole
Agents i.r S,'rew Bottom Shoes, Front street. C
tN1EL C. SCARBOROI;lI. Attorney in
/sct. Office with W. II. Jack, Second St. tl
GEORGE (;A RZi A-Family Groceries, under
Masonic Lodg:e, td Street
FONrENOT-Planters,' llotel-Favorite
,. farmers' and stra',,rs' resort, St. Denis.
' RHEN -Boots and Slhoesr made and repair
ed, St Denis Street.
fL1 ORGE W. KEARNEY---IRecorder and No
tary Public, Court Hlouse, d street.
HENRY t;ENIl:S-ChIrter Oak Stoves and
t1 Tinware. Froi,: ,treet.
H KA FFEE--DI)ry Goods and Groceries, Frout
" street. S
LITC HT ENSTEIN- General assortment
*.L Dry Gonds and t;roceries. Front street .
SARRIS A FFA---Dry Goods and Groceries,
11 Front street.
H1PEitCY-- Surveyor St. De ni street.
U SIMON--Dry Goods and Groceries, Wash
9 ington Street.
I UELKIN--Dry Goods antl Groceries, Jetler
* son, street.
T JACOBS-Dry Goods and Groceries, below
l. the Dirt bride. Jetrersoo Street.
OBN RIC A-Dry loo,,s and Groceries,
J b low the Dirt bridge..ettl'erson Street.
SINO.GENOE & ('0-Dry Goods and Groceries,
-V Washington street.
JAS. GENIIUS-Dryv Goods and Groceries,cor
tner Jetterson and Am rlet Streets.
J W. SUDI).\TI--The Photni'-(Choiee Li.
" quors and tCigairs, St. Denis Street.
JAS. M. B. TUCKER-Attorney at Law St.
Denis Street.
JAS. KING...--Watchmaker and Jeweler, St.
Denis street.
J DUNCKLEIAN.--Ilarness and Saddlery,
Washington street.
J C.TRICIIEL-General Herchandiro,Wash.
" l* ton street.
j BUDCAS.4E-f('neral Assortment of Mer
, oehadiMse, Washington street.
J H. STEPHENS -Lumbher Yard, intersection
J Frolt, Lafayette and Waslington streets.
J /. M:IOOK & BRlO.-General Wholesale
Ssnad Retail Dealer and sole Agent for Wag
uns, Washington street.
J A. DRC(I)lUIRNAI'-Fancy and Staple I)ry
i Glds, Boots, Shoes, Hats and Clothing,
hent street
TAMES T. SPROWL - lIouse, sign, and or
'rnamental painter, Front St.. corner Tonline.
L CIRIEL--The Gem liar toom, choicee
SWines, Liquors and Cigars, Front street.
LEVY & PHILLIPS-Funf stock Fancy and
Staple Dry Goods and Groceries,Front st.
L. DUPLEIX...Land Agent, St. Denis street.
M- ORSE & DRANGUET---Attorneys at Law,
2 dl sdtreet, corner Trudan,
M H. CARVER-Dry Goods. Groceries and
. General Merchandize, Front street.
SSCHAFFRATHT-Boot and Shoe Maker,
SSt. Denis treet.
r0 CAPMARTIN-Gonueral assortment of
*Goods of all kinds, Jefferson st-eet.
,DOWELL & GALUION-Physicaiu s and Sur.
,geons St. Dents Street.
*-- VEULEMAN - Undertaker, Washington
* Street.
SPOETE-.Baker, Jefferson street.
PETITJEAN BLUDWORTH & CO--Wood
work and Blackemithing, Corner 3d and
Sbley Sts.
P VEUITEMAN-..Family 'and Plantation
SGroceries, Washington street.
B S. CALVES-Dentist,. Jeferson street
R E. BURKE-Cheap Family and Western
* Grocery Dealer, IFront street.
D' ) P. HUTSON-Livery, Sale and Feed Stable,
L.. St. Ienis Street.
0  NELKIN&- Dry Goods and Groceries, Jeff.
U. erson Street, below Dirt bridge.
WINBARG-General Merchandise, Plan
Statlon ad Family Supplies, Front Strees
TP;" PONS-Dry Goods and Gioeeriees, Wash.
" ,inguton stret,
I:. . J.ATCOSTZ-Draggistand Apothecary,Front
E: " AIA ER-Bnok's Brilliant Stoves and
*l ltaware, Washington Street.
l TAIU2lN-Blliard Room snal Bar, Front
. SCHOUANA-Wholesale and Retail Mer
" : eha.nt-general assortment for the trade
s 4JIUt Street.
H JACK...Attorney at Law, 3d street,
* eerner Trudan.
. DOST-Boot and Shoe Maker, St. Denis
Street.
Professional Cards.
o', •CrJ.I.VOrd deW,
S'' 'TTOREY ATLAW. -
( Street, NEW ORLEAN8, LA.
tend the June and December terms
Districts courts at his old home
'1'e' ~.: eor to JACK & PIEPsao)
Sand Counselor at Law
SNATCHITOCHES, LA.
ei*e in the Conrts of Natchitoches.
, De~oto, Red River, Wian, Rapidee,
in a them Supreme Court of the
- Ia promeptly attended to.
~Wms 3LE Lesey,
ATTORNKY AT LAW.
Immwaed the Praetlee of his Professin.)
, st_ eie t" the Parisb and Iitrlet
St oef Natchit o heh and Red River
Qt toeLoauila0s, United States Die.
SarlitCut ort Louieslians and U. 8.
i the Lacoete Building (Up
ta r s.) la
JOll' II. ROBERTSOV,
(Late of New Orleans,)
ATTORNEY & COUNSELOR AT LAW
('OUtSH ATTA,
RE!) RIVER PARISIH, LOI'ISLINA.
Will practice in Coushatta, Natchito
ches, Manslfield, Many, and in every pnrt
of North-west Louisiana. Special atten
tion given to Land cases and Successions.
June 9th, 1tW7-tf.
J, H. CUNNINGHAM
Attornca & otunslflor at "Etr,
St. Denis Street,
Natchitoches, : : : : La.
W ILL give prompt and personal at
tention to all business entrusted to
his care
Practices in the District and Parish
Conrt. in the Parishes of Natchitoches,
Red River, DeSoto and Sabineoand before
the Supreme Court at Monroe and New
Orleans. Jan 5 "78-ly.
DA.l4L. C. SCiRBORO UG HI
ATTORNEY IN FACT.
W7ILL practice in the District and
Parish Courts of Natchitoches,
Winn. Sabine and Grant.
All business intruisted to his care will
receive prompt attention.
"Ofice with W. H. Jack Esq., Second
Street, Corner ''rudeaux, Natchitochecs,
La. Dec. b-ly.
DRS. POWELL & GALLION,
HAVE ASSOCIATED TIIEMSELVES IN
THE PRACTICE OF MEDICINE
AND SURGERY.
OFFICE ON
St. Denis Street, :: Natchitoches, La.
Jan 5 '78-3m
M1. A.. Dumnn,
Physician and Surgeon
Monlgomery, La.
Business Cards.
C. A. BULLARD- N. II. CAMPBELL
Bullard & Campbell,
-DEALEIRS IN
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
ARDIWARE,
And General Merchandise.
Corner FRONT & LAFAYETTE Street,
iNatchitoch('s, La.
f IGHErST cash price paid for cotton and
LE country produce In cash or merchandise.
Marchi 25-ly.
Poetr TTVeuleman,
-DEALER IN
FAMIL Y GROCERIES
A full assortment of WAt.,.-PAPER con
stantly on hand.
Sn.,al inducements to CAsit Customers.
WASHINGTON STREET,
Natchitoches, La.
March 25-ly.
-----------------------------------
.T. C. Trichel,
-DEALER IN
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD
WARE, BOOTS and SHOES, HATS,
SETC.
Highest cash prico paid for Cotton and
Country Produce.
WASHINGTON, ST.,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
d -dealer in
QGROCERIES -
FRONT STREET, Natchiloclhe, La.
n C. L. WALMSLEY. .L , WALMSLEY
C. L. WALMSLEY & CO,
COTTON FACTORS
-AND
GERBBAL COMMISSION MERCHANTS.
Perdido St., New Orleans, La.
March L--ly.
- oaa Cr Ohopiz;
COTTON FACTOR
t -AND
COMMISSION MERCHANT,
No. 65 CARONDELET ST.,
t, July I -y .New Orleans.
JOHN N. TUCKER,
Magistrate Ward 1.
St. Denis Street, : : Natchitoches, LL.
P ROMPT attention given to all business
entrusted to his care.
il Claims collected at small cost.
Refers to the Bar Generally.
Jan 5 '78-ly
M. S. CURTES
PRACTICAL MACHINIST
-AND
ENGINEERS
ARCHITECT, CARPENTER & JOINER
ALL kinds of Machine work, Engi
_ neering, Carpentering and Joiner
work done with dispatch, and in first
class manner.
Estimates and plans for buildings
promptly furnished. Parties desiring
work within the scope of my trades will
call on me at any time for terms; which
will be liberal, both as to price and time.
Shop on WASHINGTON STREET.
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
Jan 12-ly.4
1 "
Is the most genial balsam ever used by 3
sufferers from ulmonar diseases.
It is composes of herbal products, which
have a specific effect on the throat and i
lungs; detaches from the air cells all ir
ritating matter; causes it to be expecto
rated, and at once checks the Intlammation n
which produces the cough. A single dose
relieves the most distressing paroxysm, tI
soothes nervousness, and enables the suf
ferer to enjoy quiet rest at night. Being a
pleasant cordial, it tones the weak stom
ach, and is specially reconunended for
children.
What otherssay about
iutt's Expectorant.
Hfad Asthma Thirty Years,
BALTIMORE, Feb y jaP.
tI have had Asthma thirty years, and never Loudd
a medicine that had such a happyv effect."
W. F. HOGAN, Charles t. i
A Child's Jdea of Merit. ,
Nsw ORLEANS, Noverb IIrt 1876.
"Tutt'sExpectorant is a familiar name in my house. o
iMy wife thinks it the best medicine in the world,
and the children say it Is 'nicer than molasses
candy."' NOAH WOODWARD, 101 N. Poydras St. t
"Six, and all Croupy." (
"I am the mother of six children; all o them have
been croupy. Without Tutt's Expectorant, I don't
think they could have survived some of the attacks. 1
It is a mother's blessing."
MARY STEVENS, Frankfort, Ky.
A Doctor's Advice.
In my practice, I advise all amilies to keep Tutt's
Expectorant, in sudden emergencies, for coughs,
croup, diphtheria,.et.' i
cT.~dip . LELLIS, M.D., Newark, N. J.
Bold by all druggists. Price $1.00. Office
s5 Murray Street, New York.
"THE TREE IS IDWN BY ITS FRUITS"
"Tutt's Pills are worth their weight in gold."
REV. I. R. SIMPSON, Louisville, Ky.
"Tutt's Pills are a spbcialblessineg of the nine
teenth century."-REV. F. R. OSGOOD, New York. I
"I have used Tutt's sTortorpor of the liver. I
They are superior to any medicine for biliary dis
orders ever made."
I. P. CARR, Attorne!at Law, Augusta, GOa. I
"I have used Tutt's li s ve years in my family.
They are unequaled for costiveness and biliousness.
F. R. WILSON Georgetown, Texas.
*Z have used Tutt's Ie wne with great benefit."
W. W. MANN, Editor Mobile Register. I
"We sell fifty boxes Putt's Pills to five of alt
others."-SAYRE & CO. Carteravile, Ga.
"Tutt's Pills have o to be tried to establish
their merits. They work like magic."
W. H. BARFRON Summer St., Boston.
" There is no medicine so well adapted to the cure
of bilious disorders as Tutt's Pills."
JOS. BRUMMEL, Richmond, Virginia.
AlND A TI D MORE.
gold by druggists. 5 cents a box. Ojo
35 MurraU Streets Neow York.
TUTT'S HAIR DYE
HIGH TESTIMONY.
ro.on THE PACJIFIC JOrRx. IL.
has ueen made by R. ITT York,
which restores youthful beauty to the hair.
That eminent chemist has succeeded in
producing a Hair Dye which Imitates
nature to perfection. Uld bachelors may
now rejoice."
Price 1.00. ofces 3 Muhroay .
oew York, Bond by all druggsiss.
O. Mb.atfrath,
Boot and Shoe Maker,
CHALLENGES the world for neatness
and durability of work. Satisfacti '
in fit and material guaranteed
Shop ao St. Denis St.
.A. TD. eznee,
NOTARY PUBLIC.
S(Office under Vindicator Office,)
ST. DENIS STREET,
NATCHITOCHESB, LA.
April 29.
-I. N1'E~~ES,
SJEWELER, JEWELER,
WAMTI M121
-AND- -IAND-
OPTICIAN.- GPTICIAN.
All kinds ofrepairing done at the short
eat notice, and in the most artistic man
ner, with full satisfaction guaranteed.
Clocks, Watches and Jewelry for Sale at
the Lowest Rates.
A FULL & COMPLETE STOCK.
Office and Shop on St. Denis St., corner Second.
Dee. 92-ly.
JAMES C. MOISE,
SPortrait Painter, Natchitoches La.
CABINET SIZE:AND PRICES EXCLU
SIVE OF FRAMES, OVAL OR
SQUARE.
8x10 $15,00. 10x12 $16,00. 12x14 17,50
soe 14x16 $20,00. 16x18 $25,00.
18x20 $30,00. 18x24 35,00.
LIFE SIZE, HEAD AND BUST, OVAL
OR SQUARE.
20x24 $I0,00. 22x27 S45,00. 05x30 $50,00
KIT-KAT, SQUARE.
29x36 & 30x36 $80,00, each.
Portraits of deceased persons painted
from photographs.
Dec 15-tf
JOSEPH C KEYSER,
R Brdckmaker and Layer.
STQ PREPARED to do all work entrusted
r to him quickly and in a workmanlike
t- manner. Tomb, Chimneys, Cisterns and
other work solicited.
g Orders left at BULLABD & CAMP
BELL'S will be promptly attended to.
Jan. 27, ly,
'* "EBeverly' Tuwoler,
General Collector
I' All Acconunts promptl collected
OUR WASHIIGTON' LETTER. t(
WASul.ITox. D. C., Feb 9, 187 .
Has any one heard of any one who
favors Senator lilaine's adjustable sil- I0
ver bill I The Senator spoke an hour. wi
yesterday on the subject, frankly con- -
fessing that the measure had no
friends, and that he expected no con
-erts. lHe did yesterday what lie has
never done before in Conigress-he
thinned out the galleries considerably
even though he did not speak as long
as Voorhees or Bayard had done on a
the same subject. The truth is that
Blaine, unless his subject is sbnsationi
al or personal, is not attractive as a
speaker. He said nothing SAzv on the in
subject of silver, and there is inquiry R,
why, on the whole, lie spoke at all.'
It was hoped the Senate wohld vote
on the Bland bill this week, but that i1l
is now about impossible. Too many tu
Senators have said and repeated what di
they thought or thought they thought
on the subject, and the managers on
both sides, seems to have believed at
they would gain strength by delay.- -i
Aside from the injury to the country
from continued uncertainty regarding
the result there is the further evil of PI
postponin glegislation on other im
portant subjects. It is said that Mr. it
Hayes has been of late in consultation
with the leading silver men nfld that V
an attempt is being made to have the 3(
advocates of remonetization agree up
on somen measure that lie will not feel d
compelled to veto.
By the way, the early annoupce- ir
ment of Hayes that lie would be found tl
''amiably stubborn" on the policy he ii
had decided upon seems, in the light
of what has followed, like a" huge tl
joke. Except the Southern policy
which could not have been reversed
after its first adoption, lie has not
failed to hesitate, vacilate and eqniv- p
ocate upon every subject on which lie c
was announced as having an opinion. tl
With protestations of civil service re
form in his mouth, lie has selected
less responsible men for ollice than e
any of his predecessors and has given ii
lplaces to more personal friends than s
all of tiem together; and lie has not t,
hesitated to use his otlicial influence to
dictate the choice of Senators and Re. s
presentatives from Ohio, and Speak
ers for the House. All iris life a hard
money man, and as clearly oa record a
as Mr. Tilden on the subject of re- i
sumption in 1879, he had not been in
oitice three months before ihe was a
dickering with the leaders of the anti
resumption movement. He is amia
bly-amiable.
Toni Scott has commenced in ear
nest his attack upon the Treasury in
behalf of the Texas Pacific Railroad. I
His argument in. favor of his own.and
against a rival line, summarized is ;
this: The Southern line must be a
competing line. free from all control I
by other corporations, and with the s
regulation of its rates reserved to Con
gress. That to insure low rates the r
line must be built at the lowest cost,
and that at this time the great advan- r
tages of location which his proposed I
line has are supplemented by thelow
est prices ever known for labor or
material. He thinks the line could t
be built for one-fourth the cost of the
cost of the existing Pacific Railroad.
Aside from the indisposition of Con º
gress to vote any subsidy for any road. I
Col. Scott has active opposition from
other ailroad men. His chances do
not seem bright.
Yesterday was a day memorable in
the history of the country. for then
one of the men who fraudulently chlan
ged the result of a Presidential ehec
tion was convicted of his crime. Now
comnies the turn of Wells, far guiltier
thitan the man just tried, and believed
to hare had an understanding with
prominent Northern Radicals on the
subject of the great crime. Wells I
will be tried in March. It will not be I
enough to convict and punish these I
men. Thie "visiting Statesmen" 4
whose presence at New Orleans at
last encouraged the Board, and who
were actually present withl the Board
at the secret meeting when a majority
Sof eight thousand on one side was
made a majority of four thousand on
the other side, should be reached.
ALBION.
A Sweeping Liquor Bill.
- Talk about laws! Neal Dow has
prepared a new bill for the Maine
, Legislature, by which he proposes to
wipe out private nips at the demijohn
and make people drink water whleth
- er they like it or not. Thle bill is a
. stutner. It contains twenty-four
sections, and makes thIe sale of liquor
a felony, and the penalty for the first
offense, single sale, $100 and six
months in the county jail; second
offense, $100 and one year in the
State prison; prohibits the transpor
tation of liquor within the State,
- even for private parties, making par
ties responsible on whose territory It
is found; apparatus for selling to be
deemed evidence of sale; takes away
all power from county attorneys to
enter a aol. pros., this to be done only
L by the courts; in default of parties
paying a fine, an additional year in
the State prison or jail; officers hav
0 ing seized liquors not to give them
up, except by order of the court, the
burden of prooi to be on the parties
d claiming the same; the horse and
carriage conveying or drawing liquor
to be seized; persons arrested as
- common drunkards to be sent sum
marily to the county jail for one year,
to be let out when the person selling
them liquor shall be convicted, no
surety received from a person who
has been convicted of selling liquor;
I liquor runners fined $1,000 and one
e year in the State prison; a reward of
d $20 offered for the arrest and convic
tron of parties; no stay of proceed
ings or compromise made at any stage
of proceedings; $500 floe and six
months in the county jail for display
ing a sign offering liquor for sale, or
' advertising the manufacturer, all
other lhqunor laws be repealed.
The above is Repnublican legisla
tion onil lar RIooms and Liquor 1)eal
ers, and we publish it because we
hear persons talk of Radical and
te
I)emnocratic taxation, and insist they at
were as well off under one .s they of
are under the other.
th
The Mo111ti Regis~er in Kentucky. of
at
[FromI the (Curier-Jour;a:l.] 1
Gardner, of MagJflin county, last St
week introduced the resolutimn, which in
was referred -to the Commniittet: on
l'inance, relative to the introductionl p
in Kentucky of the Motlitt Liquor at
Register, which has been established til
in Virginia with such extraordinary it
success. The register is made a fix- .,l
ture of every barroom, and every Jt
drink is taxed. The reventue thereby f
derived is very handsome in amount, ili
and in order to get Senator Gardner's I,
Ideas about the prolposed meI:sure, I
called upon him, and the following
pertinent coeli'nversatilon ensned :
'"When was the register introduced ci
into Virginia, iinatliu" I asked. hi
"It wias ahlolited bli the act of the iii
Virginia Legishiliaire apiproved March
30, 1 77." tl
"What was the object of its inltro- I
duction intot that State?" el
"The raisinig of at flund to meet the I
interest on the public debt, and for st
the general support of the Govern- st
uterit." el
"How did it strike the people at it
the start ?" it
"It was laughed at considerably." S
i"llhis it gi own to be popular since ?"
"It has." (Ilere Senator Gaird'ii
plroduced a letter froti a hleadinig mer- p
chant' t Riclihmond, Va., indorsing s,
the register.). tl
"Did the liquor dealers object P" r
ll'lhey were at litst bitterly oppos- v
ed to it, but they are now decidedly 0
in favor of the register, for the lea- s
son it comllpels customecrs to piay cash l
for their drinks." t
"It. then aibolishes the slates of the dl
saloon keepers " t
"It does." V
"\VWhat will be the avowed purpose f
of the introduneion of the register t
into Kentucky ?" r
"The iniprovemtent of the rivers
t of the Commlonwealth." a
"\Vat will it net the Treasury '" I
"I should think about half at mil- c
lion of dollars annually."
"What are the profits in Virginia P" t
"About four hundred thousand dol
. lars every year."
'9Vbiich has the more saloons, Vir- I
ginia or Kentucky I" i
"Kentucky. \Ve have, as near as
II can remember, about four thou- -
satnd(."
"\Yho will collect the tax if the
register is introduced I"
"Ti'e Sheriiffs. The general ar- t
rangement will, I suppose, be made
I by the Auditor."
"What will be the tax schedule "
' "The same as in Virginia. For less a
I than half a pint of alcoholic spirits, t
21 cents; for a pint, '2 cents, and ic- t
cording to their ratio for the amount (
ordered. For malt liquors, J cent I
for less than a pint, I cent for a pint, I
1 and so on."
"What will these registers cost i"
"About $10 each."
1 "Has it been established in any
I othler State than Virginia I" 1
"Not that I know of. They are I
talking about it in lowa and Ten
' nessee I am informed."
r "What do the temperance people
I say "
S "So far as I know they are opposed
Sto it. Thley say thie greater thIe tax
s the stronger thire legality of thIe whis
P ky traflic, and the harder it is for tihe
i temperance folks to coniduct the work
"of leformation. This is Geu. Green
tClay Smith's idea."
r "Do the river imnprovement advo
l cates think well of the measure 7"
' '"They are favrablie so far as I
I know tromt personal conversation
n with Judge Craddock and others. For
my own part, I ai arxioils the regis
ter shoulrd be adopted, whether or
not the river-ittproveurent bills are
carried."
"If both the river inmprovement
scheme and the register are adopted,
1 what tlhen ?"
e "My idea is that thre State appro
Spriate the two hundred tlihousand dol
n lars asked by thie river improvement
- people, and work be comnlenced. By
a thre time that amnount is exhausted
ir the register fund will have accunlu
* lated, and thie furthier prosecution of
it the work of internal improvemnent
x may be pushed by means of the reg
d ister."
e "You are preparing the bill 7"
r- "I amn, arnd w-ill have it ready for
b reference to thre Comnmittee on Fi
nance within a few days."
"t "Will it pass the Senate ?"
e "I think so."
y Senator Gardner is one of thie most
0 industrious members of thre Senate,
Sand is enthusiastic in the advocacy
Sof thIe register. Thie adoption of this
n mode of raising revenve would not
tend to interfere with thie liquor trade,
m and would certainly redound greatly
Sto the prosperity'of thre State.
It is useless, we suppose to ask of
r our legislature thie passage of this
5 law. They have the habit firmly
" fixed of doing as they please, and
that "plei.se" is very generally
o against the demands of their con
o stituents. However, should this be
Scome a law, it would save a large
of taxation from real estate, and lessen
c- its great burdens.
ge The long-armed woman is the persent
x envy of society. She can wear a longer
.' kid glove with more buttons.
They call red-headed girls "raging
a- blondes" in San Francisco.
A New Political Party, tin
[N. O. DeUocrat ] for
The managers of tlhe Louisiana Lot ltI
tery C ('ompall y :11d tlheir henlclh n . ItIn
arlle e'i'I avt'ill to ward oil' the force oe
of the lblow we struck that timinoploly
Wedniesday nmrniing by Iepreseilting c'"
that a);ve C. Johnson was not1 seiteni- co
tenced to impl isoninelt on the charge il
of violating the infamous acts No. 9 IL
and ll1 of It 7".I, but belclause he diso
beyed an injnllctim i of the United tel
States Crcunit tcurt. If we were try,- t
ing this case nipo hlegal technii alities,
we do not deiny that this defense il1
thle lottery against our 'charge wouhl
prove a very folrmidable one. But we
are not doing that. We are iproisect- Vt
ting the iilunolos lottery monoioly of
brotlder grounds; we are prosecuting n
it upon tile gleat futidal nenltal plinlci
ples which uderlie evil government. tic
Johlisou teas iinlrtisoned, it is true,
for violatinlg anl injiinction of thie c t co
and not dirclly for trespassing upon 111a
the sacred franchises of the Louisiana pa
Lottery Company. Bitt the inj ction vc
for the violation of which lie, a flee to
citizen of Louisiana, was imiprisonetd, ti
was issued to lestlain hiii from do- Ti
ing that which was no ottlrnse what of
ever until a corriupt Lgihlature,
ihonglit np by the Lotteri Collpanlly, '
ill lhe interest of tliIat co lpaily, tranis- lit
tfoumed it into a crim1e and deprived
the pierpetrators of it of tlie in;.Iea.L
ble right of trial by jury, and tile ben- ti;
elit of the most commollllln and just rulle ts
ofevidence. Our charge, therefore, tii
stands good, literally and in every at
sense of the word. A great crime was v(
conlnlit tted in the implisolunment of thiis
Iman Johdnson under the anthority of is
an elinactmenltt of a Legislature of this to
State which the present IHouse of lie- k
presi-intatives refused to repeal.
Had the Legislature, elected by the c1
people of Louisiana in their great ii
struggle for emancipation frontm the iit
thraldolm of Radicalism and for the C
re-establishment of constitutional go- C
vernlient, repealed tile rotten charter I)
of the louisiania Lottery or primiary I
school for gamblers, or the damnnablle r'
laws enacted to increase and protect A
the franchlises of tllhat immoral and J
dcbasing ilistitution, we hold that li
thiis liian would nol. have been depri- L
ved of his liberty. We were, there- t
fore, sunstantialtly correct. Perhaps t:
the case is even worse than we first li
represented it, and the country is in- S
vited to contemplate the spectacle of S
a Federal court called upon to issue a 1
high writ of injunction and to inipris- it
ont an American citizen on the strength a
of laws of Louisiana, enacted, not for b
thle protection of society and the re- 1
pression of crime, but for the benefit
of a gambling monopoly and the up l
holding of practices which, in erv ry
civilized country, are outlawed and I
stigmantized as disgracetul and deba- I
-silng. In justice to the Lottery Comi
pany we have made this correction of -
our article of Wednesday, and tlhe
company is welcome to whatever ben
efit it may derive from it. n
Bunt it is not onily because this mo- I
nopoly has been able to have a citizen
" of the State cast into prison at its own
s sweet will that we have opened war
, upon it. The Lottery Company is a
constant menace to the best interests
t of the State. It exists in contraven
t tion of the plainest principles of mo
rality; public sentimenlt naturally anl i
tagonizes it, and it necessarily and c
naturally, in self defense, antagoni- a
zes the people. In tile nature of
Sthings it can have no politics and will
always cast its wealth and rally its
ehenchmen on thle side which will offer I
it protection. \When radicalism was a
in thie flush of [power thie Louisiana 0
SLottery was a generous contributor to .
its support. Whlen tile pouver of that
d compnlany was evidently on thle wane
x tile Lottery became wonderfully De
miocratic, and poured in its contribu
e tions to that cause. How does it stand t
Sinow ? II actually threatens to oranize '
a Loollisiala Lottermy iart! la the State.
It has combined wiith otlter monopo- I
lies and withI rinlgs of speculators to
maintain thieir own corrupt existence.
I IThis conlbination constitutes the nu
i cleusof tie Lottery party. All the I
i corrupt, weak and l)parchliasable ele
- mnients in the leadership of thie Denmo
r cratic party lhave been or are being
e bonght upl, and a large following has
been gatlleled in from thie lRadical
t party. This combination is solidly
1, arrayed against * constitutional con
vention. Far be it from us to say
- that all who oppose thie conventiou
I- are parties to tils disreputable com
it bination. We know that there are
y many good anid patriotic muen wihi op
l pose the convention. BIut it is nonie
- the less true that the force and
f strength of thie oplposiltion Is in thlis
t scandalous coumbination. Yesterday
. tile agents of thllis new party, complo
sed of rings and monopolies, untrue
Democrats and corrupt Radicals, were
r busy "fixingi" thlie Republicanl mie
. bers of the Legislalture. Duringsev
eral hours ot thie day ItRadical members
were seen in gangs of two and three
going into a certain room iu thie State
t House, adjoining thie hall of thie House
e, of Representatives, to confer with a
notorious agenet and henchmana of tlie
is Lottery Company. A short time af
4 ter these sigiilicant visitations were
e, ended a prominent Radical remarked,
that thie convention was now surely
dead, as every Republican member of
tlie House would vote for the amend
nimenits and against the convention.
The secret of this is that thie new
y party has but one end in view-the
d preservation of the so-called vested
ry ights of thie monopolies and rings.
It will accept any and all amcndumenuts
Sso long as there is no effort to repeal
e- their charters or disturb the power of
Sthe mo, opolics.
The theory of thie leaders of this
new party, organized against the peo.
pie, is that if these cliharters and fran
chises are undisttrbed they can soon
nt control thie polities of thie State ntder
er any sort of a patched up constitution
that mnay be devised. They are wil
ling to retrenchl on every hand to
please thie people; they are ready to
ug abolish mixed schools to conciliate
Spublic opiniou; they will go for cut
tin dow(ln iany salary oI expense, ur
for inc'reasing any that will captivate
the public tancy uIcoc reconcile ulblic
olpinion to their own pecrnicious exist
ellce.
No systecr of reform, tlherefore, is
comlllcte, that does not dlcst aro a
c(Illlbinlation oft nmnII stosities in our
political system which is actuanily ito
day stionger Ihan ithe Legislatiti,,
and which may, when it suits its in
ter'st, Icelegall tihe State to the con
trol of Riadicali im.
History.
Let tcveiy patriot who reads tihe
V'INDIICATOlt put thie following list
of votes carefully away that lie may
know the TRUE MEN in this State
froni the false:
T'Ihe debate yesterday upon thel
constltional aUneindtUellts was long
ailtd earniest, cllisutning the gloeater
part of the day's session. Those ft
vrillng thie aeiutcillccnuts had but little
to say, leaving the speech.l-makilng to
the convention mien in the mtain,.
That qutiestion Calile illup in thile motionl
of Mr. Kidd to strike out the elactiing
iclause, which, had it been carriedl,
would have defeated thile amend
illclita.
After the close of the debate Judge
Lyonls moved to lay dlr. Kidd's nlo
tioi on the table. Upon this the
ayes anld noes were taken, those vie
tilln "laye" being, presumalbly, favor
able to the amnendmenlts, and those
voting "no" in faIvor of a con ention.
The vote, however, was not regarded
as a test vote, but we give it in de
tail in order that the public may
know how the members stand :
Yeas-Messrs. Buth, Aldige, Ay
cock, Barron, Ba, nett, Berry, lBell,
Heard, Briggs, Billies, Brooks, Blow
den, Biown, Bosley, Buck, Burton,
Cariloss, Carville, Cressy, Comlo,
Cole, I)avidson, D'Avy, Dayries,
l)ejoie, De Lacy, Detiege, Dickerson,
I)inikgrave, Drury, Fobb, Gantt, Ga
ry, Gaskins, Gandet, Grecien, Hill of
Asceusioii, Hill of Orleans, Hlolt,
Jonas, Holt, Jones, H. AM. Johnson,
Kelly of Orleans, Keeting, Kern,
Leeds, bhwis, Lyons, Magicire, Mlil
- on, McGehee, Newsom, Nunez, Peral
SLta, Porter, Raby, Randolph, Romero,
t louton, Ryland, Shakspeaire, Smart,
- Suaer, Self, Self, Sellers, Stewart,
f Semmes, Souer, Taylor, Tremoulet,
R Tolliver, Voorhies, Walker, War
- tmoth, Washburn, Washingtiun, Wat
asion, Wilde, Wood, Young of Clai
r borne, and Young of East Baton
Rouge- 83.
t Nays-l-essrs. Brice, Bridger, Do
lavigne, Duke, Dupree, Estopinal,
lltzlpatriclk, lFoeralr, Ci!leepio,.Heilm --.
d Hliammond, Kelly of Winn, Kidd,
- Lamuare, Lea Leonard, Leonhard,
- MlaIrin, Means, Pitts, Rolle, Steele,
f singleton, Spiller, Toler, Vance and
e Wise-27.
Not voting--Messrs. Brady, Des
muarais, Drew, Durden, Huntington,
SKennedy, McMillen, Stagg and Wil
n lianls-8.
n Those who voted "xo! are for the
a people-while those who roted aye,
are for themselves.
The following is the BLAND silver bill
in the shape in which the Senate is dis
d cussing it. The portion of it in the
brackets is the concluding clause of the
II house bill stricken out by the Senate
Finance Committee, and the lportion in
r parenthesis is was the Senate committee
as added in place of the sncutnce striken
a ot :
o 'All Act to authorize the free coinageo
it of the stalndard silver dollar, and to
e restore its legal tender character.
- "Be it enacted, &c., That there shall
. be coined, nit the several anints of the
d the United States, silver dollars of the
! weight of four huudred ai'd twelve and
a half grains Troy of standard silver, as
Slrovildedi in the act ofJanicary eighteenth
l eighteen hundred and thirty seven, on
:o which lshall be the devices and snper
B. scriptions provided by said act; which
- coius, together with all silver dollars
ce l wc:rtofore coined by the United States of
.- like weight and fineness, shallll be a legal
-. tender, at their nonlinal value. for all
,ldebts and dues, public and private, ex
Scept when otherwise provided by cont
ltract; [and anly owner of silver ullion
Inay deposit the same at any United
lI States coinage mint or assay oice, to Ie
1- coaned into such dollars, for his benefit,
ly upon the same terms and conditions as
eI giold bulliou is ldeposited for coinage un
. der existing Ilaws.] (Aud tile Secretary
ei of the Treasury in authorized and direct
ed, out of any mnoney iu the Treasnry
' Inot otherwicse Uproiliatcd, to purchase,
e. front time to tilne, sliver bullion at the
mlarket price thereof, not less than two
millions dollars per monthl, ilor miore
ty Ithan four million dollars pler nlonth, and
- caells the sacce to be coilned into slich
te dollars. Atnd allny gainc or seignioralge
re lrisilng from this coinagut shlall be ac
Scoutcedl for aud paid into the Treasury,
Sas provided uncder exisitinglaws relativet
to ilcthe subsidiary coinage; provided, that
the auount of muoneyat any one time iu
ve ested in snch silver bnllilon, exclusive
te of such resultiig coin, shall not exceed
sl tive million dollats.")
e Fen~ale Society,
rc 'You kuow isy opinion of fenalo so
d, ciety," said John Ranldolph. "Without
1' it we should degenerate into brutes."
Tf his observation aplplies with tenfold
torce to young nlci anud those who are in
, tile prime of manhood. For, after a cer
Ie tain tilme of life, tile literary man may
ed make a shift (a poor one, I grant) toi do
without the society of ladies. To a
Syoung nanc nothing is so incportant as a
spirit of devotion. next to tile Creator,
1 to somel amiable woman, whlose image
of may occupy his heart and guard it fromn
pollution, which besets it on all sides. A
'is mn ought to choose his wife, as Mrs.
Bo. Primrose did her wedding gown. for
n. qualities that "wear well." One thing
Sat least is true, that it nmtrimony has
ler its cares, celilcacy has no pleasures. A
Newtou or a mere scholar may tind em
nploylnent in study.; a man of literlry
taste can receive ic books a pocwerful
to auxiliary ; but a man must have a ho
to I som friend an6 chilren around himt to
ate cherish and support the drearinese of old
ut age.