ýa xý' ut hM x.
OFFICIAL
Paper of the Pariah and City of NatchitochOs
-------- --3
JAS. H. COSBOYE, . . . Editor.
SATURDAY, - - - JUNE 8, 1878.
Under Which king.
The New York Sun and Tribune 0
stand in remarkable juxtaposition in t
their crasade upon the South. The r
Bus slanders us because it feared we
would refuse to support the Potter
resolution, and the Tribune denouno
ces as as "rebele" and "dishonorable 0
men" for doing what the Sun de- t
manded was required of us.
In God's name what are we to do
to please these "Anthony Absolutes"'' I
They are certainly equal representa
tives of the "stalwart" opinions of
the Northern section, and we cannot
for the life of as see how we are to I
please one without "mad'iog t'other."
The South is pretty well used to
the frothy fosmings of the Tribune
and we beg in all candor to inform
that journal that we need not its as
sistance in preserving our "honor."''
We have given assurance in more
ways than one that we were fully
able to protect it from the rude as
malts of the Trilbune's class.
The LTribuse is a nice journal to
talk of honor, when it was one of the
chief instruments in stealing a pres
Ideacy from the people! Nothing as
resm the Sooth more, that we have
parsaed the proper course in voting
for the Potter investigation, than this
howl of the Tribune. The "stalwarts"
yell "rebellion !" in order to hide
their damning sin of the rape of the
ballot box.
Hayes Hopeful.
The Cinciannati Enquirer's Wash
iogton correspondent tells as that
Bayes has DO fears; that his title is
secured, and he goes on to tell us that
Hayes says : those friends of his who
visited Louisiana and Florida assur
ed bhim that the majority of votes of
those States "were legally and fairly
east for him."
Is Mr. Hayes a natural born fool
We judge him to be if this "talk" be
true, which we see no reason to donbt.
"Legally and fairly cast!" why, man,
don't you see the legal decision of the
Florida Supreme Court staring you in
the face, that they were not! Don't you
see Governor Nicholls executing the
laws of this State, while his competi
tor, Packard, received more votes
than you did t Stick to the "electorsl
commission" old fellow ; hang oR to
it with a death grip, and don't make
an ass of yourself by talking about
thj.rlitly of votes in tooisiansa
and Florida being cast for you. Every
child in Louisiana knows better and
should you bang on that tender thread
all your hopes of a non-distorbance
of your title, they'll kick you out of
the White House in six weeks.
The Latst Dodg.
The baldest attempt to circumvent
publie sentiment, public demands and
public wants, by the amendment men
and the Conservatives, is that whihb
suggests we shoald not make a "Con*
stitutional Convention an issue thisl
year. "It might "split" the party,"
say these meek people.
This suggestion bears on its face
the stamp of its intention. Driven to.
the wall the sen, who have proven
reereast to every pledge made the
people by the democratic party, low
grasp at any means to avert the enan
elation of such an issue as the em
phatic demands for a Constitional
Conventlon; for such'ironld be the
eaondemnation of their corse.
The Democratic party of this State
is in no danger of diaraption from
such a course. Individuals may won
der e., they are nottbe party however,
mush they may imagine so, and we no
heeltatingly affirm that all any man
now actinog with the democracy could
take to the radieal camp, should be
depart, would be his own personal
baggage. Me bhave tried that who
had more personal power than any
man In this Sate has to-day.
This "dodge" is the last gasp of
the "uabIhUimM They must sabbiit'
to the will of tie peopl#r they will
demand a Constitutional Con1wenlo
sad support no man who does bo
bnor it.
Abher Ilaek.Epe.
Judge Bousteon, of New Orless,
deeMAe that pst*tI charged with
v1olasSg the Lottery ltw are otitled
Stral by juary. At last a judge has
bees Lamd who knows no law which
a a, te macred prerogatives of
t .Judge Milteaberger, Rea
~ eder Ad District of New Osleas,
s afeed to p the Lottery
l, as, la his op loa, it was namon
atitudeal. All hoe r toh thetwo up
--- wme--m
rightr...
P1%seyvaalsa Demaeorats In con
eatmm applaud the l.vae toi$. ef
sawe 48 their party GCoegreass.
The epablcash are rigbt d
"*sten .thdh Hayes sad Job.
gherg have the *shakes" wore
tl say oem. * Mhos, at Ohio,
aye tlat Sermua will be i pea
tesd" tola als weks.
Let do imew k It we peemsut
Deprst l that lF beUi"
l: ,mlruck.
The Donal1otn' lle (Oief has, at- del
ter many days, incubated what we oi
must accept as a reply to our very "a
proper, and certainly called for, tlhe
strictureS upon its impudence. The a$
Chief owes its present permanent con- f e
dition, and its asuccess so far, to the pa
impetus it received, in money and toy
things, while in the sublime capacity
ofan 'official organ' of the Radical par th
ty of Louisiana. When our nuomrous fu
readers understand this-and it is the Ci
truth we can assure them-they will ti
be astonished to learn that the Chief t
is the accepted monitor of the elegance a
of the section which has the inisfor- pi
tone to be represented in the way of 01
a PRESS, by it. We have no war to tl
make on the "large majority" of those tl
, people" who, in preference to demo- `t
cratic papers, sustain the Chief. They I
f are, in our humble opinion, but little
t removed in the scale of political de- a
;o pravity from thie fountain at which t
,, they drink political wisdom. But L
when the Chief talks of "Boumboos''"
e and "Last Ditchers," men honorable c
n beyond the ken or hope of such fel a
. lows as "preserve reasonable conser- t
,9 vative attitudes," in the same breath,a ,
e and classes them in the same scale i
with Radical thieves, whom it here- j
stofore represented and' supported, it
at once becomes insulting to the man
o hood and virtue of the white people
of this State. The Chief, with all its
s carpet-bag class, to-day eats the
bread of "Bourbon" charity and en
ye joys the freedom of "Last Ditch"
ng clemency. Why, it hasn't been a
g year since it howled in unison with
SPinchback for mixed schools! and
de then this fellow has the impudence
he to tell us that he enjoys the "confi
dence" of the "majority of the people"
of his "section."
If suech is the fact, and we are far
ibh- from believing it, we think those
iat "people" are more to be pitied for
is their want of virtue than condemned
at for their depravity. Their ignorance
rho of the very laws of civilization enti
or- tle them to the charity of man's
of seilODce.
We will have the Chief to know,
however, that neither it nor tile
"large majority" which it claims to
represent, has authority to speak for
the Democracy of this State, nor the
right to insult the "Bourbons" and
"Last Ditchers" when the very immun
nity from spoliation we now enjoy is
the result of Bourboo council and
Last Ditch valor.
Let the Chief confine itself to in
creasing its patronage among a peo
pie who don't know, if we take the
Chiefs statement as gospel, an hlon
orable man when they see him, and
who prefer to support a journal that
spent its vpare Mioments from their
robbery and defending robbers in
degrading their race and civilization.
L The (chief can proceed to incubate on
1 these few remarks.
Judge Whittaker Extra Judicial.
In the case of the State vs. Agoati,
for violation of act No. 9, we think our t
friends of the New Orleans Democrat 1
have overlooked an important point g
against Judge Whittaker. If we no- tl
derstand the ruling of Judge Whit- P
taker it is, that the sheriffs ball retain
in custody a person sent to jail on
the order of another Court-that of S. f
J. N. Smith. Now this is purely er t
parte and unjustifiable in law. Agosti
was under sentence from Smith's
'Court; was not before Whittaker at '
all, whereupon Whittaker mandamuses
the Sheriff to retain in acustody a pris. I
oner put in charge of the Sheriff, not I
by Whittaker's court, but by Smith
Sof another court entirely. We sub
mit that such proceeding is entirely
unknown to our law.
Sabine Scathron.
This excellent journal, under the
able management of Mr. W. P. Hutch
neson, has assumed a place in the
Sfront rank of cpihbtry jourtalism.
SPqititcaly sound in democracy, filled
with able editorials, pointed local
lNas and choice selections, we con
0ider it second to none of our
country exchanges. As an adver
tising iedium, through which our
business men can reach aeir friends
it n Sabine, it is valuable and we ad
1 vise them to take,advantage of it.
The csrculaty of the Southlron Is
rapidly increasing and we congrate
late our friend Hutchbeson opon his
success.
The astl-imvestigators have found I
a host of people in the South opposed
to ousting Hayes. Isn't it strange
that we of the Seath never bear of
those great fraud lovers. Out upon
such staff. The South is a unit
against fraud, and it as an insult to
suppose she cares for Hayes. Some
railroad stuck newspapers may be,
but they are not the masses by a
long shot.
S phrqy, 'the Wiseonsin Con
grossman, who quoted history to prove
that' standing armies were prterv
ators of people'slibeatis" had better
read up Macsuley on Charles 1 and
Elisabeth. What an obtuse jackass
aý aust be to talk to Americans
1of stoading armies preserving the
libertsis ofi apqople,'
Hsle' address' to the-loyal North
thbt tthsr ý'bousats Niwo propose to
pres the~frauds whereby Hayes got
t ; t tte to '%exiceaeize
;V J
1* 4
ei Sorrow, lrt lager.
Th'I' lorehlousec Cluarion, it' e otn- I
derstaind it correectly , ill cei n all
vocating a Constit il ioal 1 Co' f1 ti"n tri
''at 1his time" Iwcaonre it f,/ears that acs
the party would Split on such . aN
.~ue
issue. The Clarinti has hitherto been
a strong worker in the calse of hon1- en
eat principle and we arte ery nmuchll th
pained to see its defectioln.-- .tc\hiC
j toches, Vindicator.
In an article of several weeks agou
we took occasion, with intterest of Fe
the party at heart, to deprecate the w
s further agitation ot a consttutittlonal
e Convention until after the Fall elec
tion, because we were fearful that it
would divide our people and thus 0
Sgive the radicals a good chance to A
e again get into power. Yet we are I
SIprepared to support the organization J
)f of Constitutional Clubs if it is shown
that such a course would he better C
than a neutral policy. We only G
te threw out our suggestions regarding
. the matter as embracing what we
Sthought the best course to be pursued
ein the premises. Everywhere in the J
State there are a great many good t'
e- and true Democrats who are opposed e
bh to a constitutional Convention. This e
ut is a fact. Then we ask Col. Cos
s, grove if the Convention question is
converted in one of the issues in the n
hle coming camnpaign, is it not plain I
l and beyond a doubt that a division of
r- the party will follow?
To accuse us of d.ficiency doesn't
h' "set well." The Clarion, good friend, I
le is not defective. It stands to-day I
,- just where it has always stood-rea
it dy to battle against radicalism and
- fight for the good of the old Pelican 1
.State. it will he on hand when the I
le fray commences.
We assure our friends that we bro
spoke in great sorrow when we chid- me
ed them, for we "touched elbow" with bee
the Clarion in those days that "tried
men's souls." hol
Our question is still pertinent; dic
what issue are we to present to the ace
people, as a patty, if we do not ad- art
vocate a'Constitutional Convention ?
Further "legislative reforms" are out feu
of the question-the last legislature
tried that through a whole session of we
seventy-five days and at a cost of
over a quarter million dollars, and lat
they failed, from the simple fact that
it is impossible to reform and redeem wi
Louisiana until the present Constito
tion be abrogated. That being the pr
admitted fact the logic of duty stares
the party in the face ! Would the
Clarion have the Democratic party gi
Sabandon its plain duty in order to
r conciliate a fero men, not a great many C,
B as the Clarion supposes, at the price
of our principles? We judge not.
We think the opposition to a con
s stitutional Convention had its chief
a support from corrupt motives and by
corrupt men. That there were some
-honestly opposed to the measure we
do not doubt, but the majority, who
e yelled on their way-heedless of pub
'lic clamor and deaf to public entreaty
d -were not prompted by pore patri
t otiam. The monopolies and the rad
ir ical minority, aided by weak or cor
n rupt Democrats, defeated the will of d
. the Democratic masses. Surely the c
n Clarion does not propose we should
yield to such an effort as that u
We know the Clarion will do
"battle" for democracy but we would
: II
that its efforts, always able and man
at ly, should redound to the permanent
ot good of the people. One other point
. those who oppose a battle on princi
t- pie; who propose that the present
in Constitution should be retanloed, not
an because of peace, not because of a
S. fear of the enemy, but for the reason
,x that the officers under it and provide4
tij by it are more in number and greater
+e in remunteration than an honest con
at stitution oould employ; these men we
ys say, will be joyed to know that so
is. fearless a defender of democratic faith,
ot so outspoken a champion of demo
ith cratic principles as the Clarion, had
ib- weakened in the face of their clamo9
fly This is why we chided the Clarion,
and we feel assured it but wants to
be reminded of these things to return
to the vigorous advocacy of those
nhe truths, from which it has been with
h- drawn, we are assured, by the purest
. motives.
What Natchitoches Will Not Do.
We take great pleasure in inform
inlg our political friends that Natchi
toches will not support any man for
any official position who does not
pledge himself in advance as favoring
a Constitutional Convention, and to
ezertblimsel to secure it.
Beformayan only be had with an
honest Constitution. The liberty of
the citizen can only be secured by a
Democratic Constitution and for
those reasons we are determined to
oppose every man who opposes a Con
I stitational Couvention.
VTenom Parlsh.
F A letter from a Verson pariah
friend informs as that there has been
t too much tal. for the farmers on the
SBlack .Lauid acd that $1ey are some
a what behind with their crops-bow
ever, the prospects have never been
ai betcer for good yields of cotton and
corn: Health of the people 'good,
and all solid for a, Coustitotiomal
Convention.
- Meetlg of Our emalttee.
j Elsewhere will be found a call for
a meeting' of the parish Central Com
a mittee. We 'trust there will be a fal
e attepdance, for the principle object of
the meeting is to call a Parish Coa
vention to selet delegates toitteitid
b the State Convenflon in Angpst.
t XXX resounces INDElRErNxT po
P Jaitial parties and yields fealty to the
I- Democratl party lash. VTid Co
abatta Wiise.
COURT NOTES. 1
(0i, MIontay J uinte aiI the lioi. Dis
trict ('ourt wais openeiid in this parish
n(cording to law, the Hon. D). Pierson IS
I)isticet Jndge, presiding. Nearly l c
entire panil of J urors i santioed for
t11- first week answeredl to t lheir Mi
names.
M1r. A. V. C'artet has selected a, .
f Foreman of the Grand Jury which l
Swas then drawn as follows: i,
A. V. Carter. Fotreman. Vol]
G. W. Brown, Narrcisse Clhelettre, Iul
O 0. Shaifrath, W. J. Turner, feel
o A. J. Lestage, %I. E. Barberouse,it
' T. D. Black, B. C. Rachal, Jr. `"
n Jack Thibodeani, T. P. Prudhorume,
C. E. TricLhel, J. N. Hendricks, ii'
y Geo. Ezernack, W. D. Booty, "
g A. D. Wrinkles. b11
to The charge delivered by the District of
e Judge was a masterly efiort being
td thorough, comprehensive and lucid,
d embracing nearly every infraction of
1i existing law.
is Col. Win. M. Levy then delivered
lie a short eulogy on the demise of Gen.
in P. A. Morse and after reading a series
of of resolutions in memory of the de
lt ceased, ordered to he spread upon w
d, the miputes, court adjourned in bi
ay honor to the memory of the deceased. a
a- Tuesday was consumed in sounding i
an both civil and criminal Dockets and i
ie fixing cases for future trial. ti
The Grand Jury also reported and
we brought in a number of new indict
id- ments, and the following trials have A
itht been decided: '
led State vs. Edw. Palle charged with a
hog stealing and found guilty. Ver- Y
it ; diet set aside by order of court the "
the accused not having been previously 1
Id- arraigned. h
n James Scott charged with same of- c
out fence also found guilty.
ore Wednesday morning Edward Palle
of was again tried and found guilty.
I of State vs. Zongo Moore charged with
and larceny, acquitted.
hat State vs. Jas. Thompson charged
etm with trespass, not guilty.
ito- State vs. A. Gongue et. al., nolle
the pros.
resa State vs. F. Conyost, nolle pros.
the State vs. Daniel Anthony, robbery
irty guilty.
to -
any Cases Fixed for Monday, June 10,'78.
rice State vs. Jno. J. Woods.
State vs. Walker Johnson.
on- State vs. Alfred Mayenr.
hief JUNE 11, 1878.
by State vs. H. C. Myers.
State vs. " "
we
who JUNE 12, 1878.
oub- State vs. H. C. Myers.
eatv State vs. J. A. Reeves.
Key and Stephens.
These "statesmen" are out in letters y
denouncing Potter and the Demo
crate for their attempt to fasten the
frauds in the late presidential election
upon the guilty parties. Key and
Stephens are both mar-plots. The
former is an insignificant ass and the
latter a significant one, and neither
of them have any following in tihe
South.
Alex. Stephens, we honestly be
t lieve, is the smallest man of this or
t any other age. *'l'he South tried to
make him a liero when we elected
him our Vice-president but lie was a
Scomplete fizzle. He had rather be a ti
lickepittle demagogue "on credit"
than a patriot "for cash," as the sol
dier use to say. He was a Whig
Sand a centralizer in tihe days of Cal
houn, and when that great man was
Sdead and his theories had been fought
out with meuskets` Stephens turns up
da violent Calhoun man. Taking him
all in all, he is a man better described
oas being at all times a "leetle too
o damned subsequent."
n If Georgia has any respect for the
SSouth; for the honor and oplnion. of
ithe Southern people, her citizens will
t vote this shriveled up humbug into
private life.
Key; Why great God, who ever
heard of Key until he was made no
toriously infamous by taking office
under HIayes A little jack-leg law. a
'V p
yer from Chattanooga, Tennessee, p
gwhose on º"record" before his office e
Sgrabbing p roties were expanded a
was In.. o geadlig s regiment of a
Tennessee conscripts that eat out
of every commissary they could find
a and fled incontinently from every a
or enemy they saw, As a presumptuoos d
to snob Key is a succss. The people of
n- the South spurn his letter as they do I
him.
The "Returning Board," which red
mnouthed ref!mers are so prone to
,h yell down as "infamous," for no other
en .reason than that it is "so easy you
he know," has been fully endorsed by
1e- this adminiration. Dubaclet was
w- never elected; he holds his office by º
ea rea of the finding the Beturning
nd Bdtid is 1874; the man whom the
)d, people elected is in Shreveport, and i
al has been since his election, and yet
this "Refbrm administration" has
never made one effort to vindicate
the sanctity of the ballot box by pla
for cing him in office.
m
S The inveatigation of Hayes' title has
o given as the opportunity to count the
1. Dnumer of imbeciles who contend
aid that Vemocracy has no chance to win
on fat-footed principle but most de.
pond for success on the "disbanding
poG of Repuiblicans."
w. Waterproof, La., has gone solidly
DeInosrtle.
NEW ADVERTISI,. T Ii
VEGETINE
IS RECOMMENDED BY ALL
Physicians. it
4t~ .i Srnt:t4 , '4Q \lco. t Lo\4 IN 4*,~4 NY~l
tit
Mr 11. H. Stev4n4s:- 1'
Detlt( Sir.-I take the pljasut4 of w1 i.tin' ut n to i 4
14 .m 4ll 1 4440rtil 4a .I c 4 4ernin4 l egiIet 4 pr44 4r
1'1 hvc %nn. I have 4,,", n %t sustst. -rt wsth the
1))'sp'psila tilt aver tot tv } tar,, :old Iileav hall (1
the I'hrontie Diart hlla f'r ov r sib netnthx, 111111
hawe tri "d molt Ievery1 thine; : e \a iven h I to II
dlie. an444 d4ll ht expect to live 41Jn d4ta to a41
a4ll4 t4l 'l Ph ician tioui4 ld toh1444 14V n ' S(e. 1 sa at
Volrt \'e44tine re444 no' d 144e4'41 m 444re I)ySaep4in. ;
I 4('444mm44444en uIin it. and1 I 44ontin4ll44 doinjg ai.
mun4141 444now 41' well w11 an wil4 restored41441 tj o i4 1'
feet h1nith. All who are alt444144 with this ter4 ru
able d41s44e. I w1nhi kinyI 4 ree444inmenl444d to 111)41l
it for the Inet4 4411 their h. alt . utndi it il
B1 I 4. T. I. I4oth4 4, M1. 1). for
INl s. W01. 11L FORBER a
Sc44:4lN4:.--\ llWh4 tIll 1414l1 14bre4llu4 lit4l441(
m4d 4tat44l4t4 either from t1h4un4 e 4 of4 4w4ather l44 - 4 4
ofelimInate, w14at of exorcise, irljIt4llar diet. or 4II
fromi 1tn) 1ather can1te, the Vegetin44 will renew
blou1d, 4ry : 44f t1e pultrid h44or, clea:s4 the44
stomachl , r4'g latl ' 4the4, 14 1 . 4l441 jlln n :p rl4 tole 4'
of vigor to the whole u iihd
1 VEGETINE
Ff or Cancers and I
CANCEROUS HUMORS. ,
(1 The Doctor's Certificate.
. READ IT.
es Ashley, Washington Co., Ill..Ani Ji 14, .
Mr. 11. R. Stevens :- e
Dear Sir,. 110i4 4 14 ceto 1rtif14 that I h44d been
) sufifering froll a 4ose Cancer o4n ily righlt bre'ast l
whichl grew very rapidly, and all4 m41 friends U
II had given me upi to the, W1hen I heart of oulr r
d m u'n4cin41, ' egetine, trec444.! 1endd fr (Cancer'
Sand Cancerous Humor4s. I c om41umnc ed4'4 to take
it, atnl 4n4on4 tillud 1 4elfIr eglninng to i feel bet1
igter; my health and spirit both fell the 1henign
nd inadence wh1ich it excite'd 1and ill a few mo44nths
from1 the time I co4nmened 114e t 4e u4 of the 14ege- 4
tine, tile Causer cam1e out almost bodilIy.
CARRIE I)DEFOIRREST.
I certitv that I am personally acqua4intel l
t- with hirs. )DeForrest, and consider her one oft
our very best womlen. DR. S. II. FLOWERS.
ALI. DisaP.48ESOP THE BLOl4t.--If Vegetine will
relieves paini, cleanlne, purify, and curle such dis
eases, restoring the patient to perfect lhealth
tti after tryingditerenlt physicians, many re1medies,
suffering for years, is it not conclniive drooof, if
you are a sufferer, you can be cured1 Why
ine i this mediitnle performintg such great cures ?
It works in the blood, in the circulating tluids1
ay It can truly be called teh Great Blood Purifier.
The great source of dleseasne originate in the
blood; and no medicne that does not act direct{
lof 1 upon it, to purify al rtlenovate, haIs any just
Scloiim upan public attention.
VEGETINE
I regard it as a valuable
FAMILY MEICINE.
Jan. I iBR. t
H. R Stevens, Esq. ,
Dear Sir- -I take pleasure in saving, that I have
used the Vegetine in my family with good re
subls, and I have known of several cases of rie
markable cnlre effected by it. I regard it as a -
valuble family medicine. Truly yours,
REV. WM. McDONALD.
The Rev. Win. McDonald is well known
through the United States as a minister in the
M. E. Church.
THOUlSEs\ SPE.tAK.---Vegetilne is acknowledig
ed and recommended by physicians and apoth
ecarries to be the bear puritfer and cleanser of
Sthe blood yet discovered, and thousands speak
in its praisrie who have been restored to health.
VEGETINE.
The M. D's have it.
Mr. H S Stevens:
Dear Sir.--- I have sold Vegetine for a long
time, and fnd it gives mjost excilent satisfaction.
S. B D)E PRIEST.. Druggist,
Hazleton, lud.
VECETINE.
PREPARED BY
H. R. STEVEISiOSTON, IAl8.
rs Vegetine is Sold by All Druggists.
NOW'S YOUR CHANCE ! 'ap
trr
Mr. 0-. Moses, Mi
The Celebrated New Orleans Artist, vo
sa
REMAINS BUT A FEW WEEKS. sh
co
The most exquisite 19
Ambrotypes, Gemsn, wi
Ferrotypes, Poreelaintyes, m. i
(vorytypes, Photographs. ed
t'hromo Photographs, so
Microscopic do. pe
Life Size, do, th
In every style of the art.
We guarantee our work equal in execn
tion and finish to the best Photographic Cý
SEstablishment in the United States.
1846 Established In 1846
B, & C. MOSES,
Of New Orleans.
JAMES C. MOISE,
Of Nathelitoches.
s1
I a:
1--- a1
SPortraits Painted or Retouched. h
SA full assortment of Frames and ti
Mountings. cl
0i
SPrices lower than in New Orley8. s
Sti
SLACOST'S HALL,
S Front &reet, Natchitoches, La.
June 1, 1878.
r SPECIAL NOTICE.
s The tax pa'ers of Natchitoches parish
are hereby notified that I will, accomn
panied by the Asseesor, meet them at the
I, places namedt below for the p se of
e collecting the taxes now due a -king
assessments:
d Ward*- UH. Hhorn's, Wednesday
if and Thure June ill & 6th,
it Ward 3- rappe's luff, Tuesday and
SWednesday, .June 11th & 12th.
Ward 3 -Broadwell's Store, Thursday t
y and Friday, 13th & 14th.
Ward 4-Canmpte, Monday and Tues
day, June 17th & 18tb.
If Ward 4-Butler's Store Wednesday and
to Thursday, June 19th & 20th.
Ward 5-Benlah Church, Tuesday and
Wednesday, June 25th & 26th. 1
Ward 6-A. V. Carter's, Friday and
k- Saturday, 28th & 29th.
4 Ward 7-J. E. Turner's, Tuesday and
Wednesday, July 2d & 3d.
r Ward 8-James Beasley's, Tuesday and
nto Wednesday, July 9th & 10th.
Ward 9-J. Alphonse Prudhomme,
' Tuesday and Wednesday July 16th & 17th
5s Ward 10--E. Rost's, Friday and Sat
ay urday. July 19th & 20th.
Ward 10-Cloutierville, Monday and
'9 Tuesday, July 22d & 23d.
he My office in Natchitoches is now open
id and will continue open except on the
et dates above mentioned.
t L. N. LANE,
as May 18-tm.j. . Tax Collector.
teo NOTICE.
a- -
Rl . ALEXIS E. LEMEE holds my
ill. Power of Attorney and is fully an
thorized to represent me as Attorney in
U Fact, in all matters touching my duties
he and powers as Liquidator of the late
d partnership between Mrs. C. L'lheriseson,
dee'd, and myself, and also in regard to
in my individual property and business.
e All persons indebted to said partner
ship, or myself individually, are request
Dg ed to make settlement With my said At
torney, and those having claims to pres
ent them to him.
PETER VEULEMAN.
I Natchitochees, MaY 18th, 1878.
May 18-..)
OUDICIAL. ADVETISEM TSi.
NUCCESSION SALE.
Succession of Le.''in J'rallhon it tlc'(Cl l.
Y1' virtue of iau oirder from the Hion.
SJuidge of the Parish Coiut of Natch- ad
itoches parish, to mie directetd, I will otler sa
at Iu"blic saic to the highest hidder at th
12 o'clock. 1., at thlie ndoor of tilt 1'olirt hit
t House ill t his pnn ish, 111 T,
,S 11(8 rday, July1 1Il, I *i , tht
the bellowwiug a ": tied i ttact.s oi' laiutt he
~ longing tr said ,ýnlcession, to-a it:
A ccerlain 1parrcel or tract of aInd, situ
" atet' ill the parish of (Graut, begintling at
It ponllt on tie Southern hontdary of
t". section (1) eight, township 18) eight,
r" range (lt) six; west of tihe Aiitoiie Pri
dlhottime cha;lins, now known as the Sill
livan tract, sixteen iil-it l) chains west PL
frondi tilet smititth east corner of said claimu 1
or tr;a t. ithiet(' soult Ii on sctioi line.
h eiuý barn of till,' westc'rnu hotlndary of
.I1
v uetig t At t ,ig i' ( t sº i n wit.l, Lentail t t rit-i
ur dbommen t Cart s e utity-t we' (ý -1111 ca ints:
iv the tce w iest 1tit a ipoiit (iii the Itigole t do
ion tu ien. kinown as "t tri itreak; tIheiiitc '
ed as fotIiwi\s: 1·'l'tlll tlit Pt'cati it'c e ott
thle rivet' Itaitik iii' thle igtigclet tie laioi
D~ lieti, belui,v tile (;i11 ~litiiit,, titttl 'it 3 :2
east tohe saiit river to the south west h-Wet
dner of sictioi (8) eight, tosinship ( 1eigt.
t1Il t. at lgel ( s) wst; tettst ttio Witfoilrnl'
'y as the Antointe 1truhattittne claim, but
nIOW known as tit for tSullivan traltce of; thene
1iiit"li~s I"iliit, tilec ha~lf thlt'reof Iayahtll!e
along said sloifnt hJlaitarv 1i , io the
place of heginningº.
tt'tl S per'1 cet'it itit;lerSt tit~lereoII trout day' of
ii A cterti parcel ;lld thract oft r half paound
ed as followse: From th Pecan tree ontl
siht Ill nt.le 1st datyl tc .Jhlalllry I8HII, w\ith
Ila like itrttt're~t frititi day of sale.
the riveor theank of thtrct, tie tirt ollari
Di ensh, belo tr the bilance of norch s324,
east to north, wesit of rne r of south mest ta
c'quarter of south west fractional quartereon
Id of section (7) seven township (8) eight, 1
lilt range (5) west ; thence east to Western c
n Iu frola i day of the Auguste Lauiglois claim.d. u
Tt701s and (onditions of, Sale.
er. dFor' pthivilee aist tract, ifteen hundred
thedollars tied sh. and fort the b l the
pclahase ofprice, o-ett tohalf there prjadiyace
of the elst day of January, 179, withnd
ted 8 per cent interest thereon from day of,
for tle credist priceday of January 188,ecr with;
[ i like interest front day of sale.
sth For the 2d to hact, ive hundred dollars attict
as twelve ittoitthi' Ioitds ta~ken ii salt~'s
ndr rit of ieri facias, ades, cash, and for the balance of purchaseol
plectice, on i rodits to be ea forcel ino
es of salue with 8 per ascent interest thereonths'
ids, from said day of sale, until paid. Ven
se.dor's privilege and special mortgage re
to tained on the laccds abovnce sd, with articlhe
atet clause of non-alienando to the prejudice
of the vendor purchasers of Prsaid landsce.
to execute their twelve months' OndE,
for the credit price, with good security ;
such bonds to have full force and etrt.
as twelve moths' nds taken in sales
under writs of jieri facial, and the col
lection of said bonds to be enforced in
the same manner as twelve months'
bonds taken in accordance with articles
,ae7191 and 720 of the Code of Practice.
1ar e. P. S. PRUDHOM ME,
r re- ,June 1.- tds. Administrator.
as a
Sherlirs Sale. S"ti
A. B. Sonmpayrac vs. D. H. Boullt Jr. the
District Conrt, No. 8034. A
city
BY virtue of a writ of alias Fi. Fa. in feet
i the above entitled and numbered Sibl
suit and to me directed, I have seized 120
and will offeir for sale to the last and Car
highest, bidder at the door of the Court said
Hlouse in the city atyl parish of Natchito froi
ches, on Job
Saturday, tke 6th dayr of July, 1878, inA
i.t
the following described property, to-wit: o
I certain piece or parcel of land situa- as c
ted in the parish of Natchitoches, being froi
the east half of north east quarter of the of 1
north east quarter of south east quarter, act
and south east quarter of south cast luar- core
ter of section 4, containing 162 acres : T
also 3 28-100 acres of the said east half im'
of north east quarter and north east lots
quarter of south east quarter of said sec- A
tion 4, being excess in said tract over the Foi
area located by virtue of Military Land
Warrant No. 73,953, also the north east
quarter of north east fractional quarter C
of section 9, containing 25 76-1(0 acres,
also 2 76-100 acres of said south east
quarter of section 4, being excess in said
tract over the. area located by virtue of -
Military Laud Warrant No. 87,886, in fa
vor of Walcott A. Strong; the whole of
said tract of land being situated in town
ship No. 9, north of range 6, west, and I
containing the aggregate quantity of
193 811-100 acres more or less, together
with all the buildings and improve- r
mnents thereon, it being the same acquir- L
ed by the vendor from Robert L. Jack- inl
son, on the 9th day of August, 1872, as th
per private act of sale duly Recorded inI 1
the Recorder's oticte of tik parish. ed
Terms of Sale. Hnl
* pe
SCASH-with the benefit of apprasement.h
A. P. BREDA,
June 1.-tds. Coroner, ex-officio Sherif. of
aHERIFF'S SALE. m
Payne, Kennedy & Co. vs. J. P. Broadwell. ar
District Court Parish of Orleans.
No. 8856.
B Y virtue of a writ of Fi. Fa.. issued in
the above entitled and numbered
suit and to me directed, I have seized
and will offer for sale to the last and
highest bidder at the Breazeale planta
Id tion, situated in the parish of Natchito
ches, now occupied by J. P. Broadwell, C(
onn
*. Saturday, the 6th day of July, 1878,
the following described property, to-wit:
(44) Forty-four head of Mules.
(7) Seven head of Horses.
(20) Twenty head of Mares and Colts.
(25) Twenty-five head of Sheep.
(9) Nine head of Hogs.
(20) Twenty head of Cattle. P
(7) Seven yoke of Oxen.
sh (3500) Thirty-five hundred lbushels of
n. Corn, wore or less.
he (II) Eleven Wagons.
of (2) Two Carts.
(60) Sixty Plows.
One lot Fodder.
One lot Hoes. 91
y 00gt Buggy and Harness. a
.One lot Household and Kitchen Fur- h
ud niture. P
One lot Blacksmith's and Carpenter's ;
ay tools. t
One lot of Dry Goods, Groceries and
es- Hardware.
ul Twenty thousand feet of lumber, more t
or less.
The lease of the Breazeale Plantation,
nd for and during the year 1878; all the
ad Books, assets and appertenances belong- 1
ing to the store.
end Terms of Sale.
CASH-with the benefit of appraise
ud ment.
D. H. BOULLT, JR ,
ne, Sheriff, Parish of Natchitoehes.
7th June l.-tds.
at
Sheriff's Sale.
mnd
Keyser &. McKenna, vs. Parish of Natchi
toohes.
the District Court-No. 7902.
BY VIRTUE of a writ of Fieri Facias
issued iuthe above entitled and numn
r. bered suit and to me directed I have
-seized and will offer for sale to the last
and highest bidder at the door of the
Court House in the city and Parish of
my Natchitoches on
in Saturday the 6th day of July, 1878,
ties the following described property, to wit:
late Forty thousands (40,000) bricks, more
ion, or less, sand and cement forming and
I to constituting the brick pavement extend
ee. ing ftom a point opposite the corner of
aer- Masonic Hall, on Second street to and in
st- front and around the Court House to the
At- extreme South west corner of the Court
res- House.
i Terms of Sale:
Cash-with the beneft of appraisement.
D. H. BOULLT, Ja.,
Jsanel.tda. Shorill
SUCCESSION SALE.
Suercauain of Ti'frin Jaiptrife pitia
me, dec d.
Y 1" virtue of an order of the PagmL1
Court of the parish of \atchitoe
addressed to me, I will offer at Public
Isale to the highest biddetr, at the door be
the Court Ilouse of this parish, at the
hour of 12 o'clock, MI., on
Thursdiym, the 13th day o qlJue, 187d,
the following dSeiscrihtd rpOerty,to .w
23 sha:res ino the New Orleans Ne
Cotton Press, Stock No. 1047.
Terms of Sale:
CASH.
EMILE ST. ANN PRL'DHOMME
June 1.-tds. Adminietrator
By order of the lion. P. A.Simos
Parish J.Idge, gw anted on the 30th a
May, A. 1). 1.7.-.
.1SO. LAPLACE,
D'y. Clerk.
SherIfil" Sale,
Jeromie Sarpy and Nerestiu Metoyer ra
W1'n. 11. lioullt.
) District Court, Parish of Natchitelse,
) Y virtue of a writ of siezure andgl
) in the above entitled suit and tole
tirected, I have seized and will ofer or
sale to the last and highest bidder atte
door of the Court House in the city ad
ºparish of Natchitoches on
SSaturdla, lthe 15th d(ay of June, 1878,
I the following described property, to rtt
r A certain lot of ground in the toy
., and parish of Natchitoches, with the
n dwelling house and improvermentathle.
1. on; said lot being onil the North iiaof
of St. Denllis street, fronting on saidtreet,
b bounded East by Theodore t chaina,
West lby Third street, purchased by Mrs.
SDesiree Hertgoz fronm Dr. Thurber uad
1 purchlaseld by defendanlit at cesion
if sale of is. Desiree Hertzog, to staiW
the vendor's privilege and special et.
lx gage on said property.
Tenrms of Sale.
rs On a credit of twelve months; thepp.
;e caser to execute his twelve months' id
L.vY for the ipurchase price, with good msee
in ty in solido. Said bond to bear inteyr
n- from day of sale.
e- D. IH. BOULLT, Ja.,,
e May 25-tdls. Sherif.
ce __ _
SHERIFF'S SALE.
Mayor andtl City Conucil of Natchitchbe,
vs. Win Hi. Redmond, et ala.
District Court-No 8008.
B Y virtue of a writ of Fieri Facles,
sued in the above entitled and num.
bered suit, and to me directed, I has
seized and will offer for sale to the lt
anld highest bidder at the door of the
Courthouse in the parish of Natehiteche,
on
Saturday, the 15th day of June 187P,
the following described property to wit:
A certain lot of ground situated in the
city of Natchitoches having a front of t
I feet on the East side of an ally known a
Sibly Ally, and running back for .depth
I 120 feet, bounded North by lot of AnMw
1 Carter, South by A. P. Breda, West by
said Sibly street, the snnamebeingacoela
from A. P. Breda by act of sale asme
John Barlow on the 11th day ofMasJ2
Also two certain lots of ground i.4te
in the City and parish of Natrhitoche,
opposite of each other on an ally known
as Sibly ally, each of said lota havinga
Sfront of 75 feet on said ally, with a dth
Sof 100 feet, acquired fronm A. P. Brediby
act of sale before George W. Kearny le.
corder, on the 27th day of April 1874.
Together with all the buildings ad
Simprovements on thie above deserih
lots.
Also One Billiard I'able, FenrteeP
SFour Balls and One Pool Board.
Terms of Sale :
r CASII-with benefit of appraiseiet.
D. H. BIOULLT, JR...
t d May 11.-tda. Sheriff.
Juhdgment.
Ernestine Nathan vs Martin Heremk.
Parish Court, Parish of Natchisochsu..
No. 1754M.
IN thnis case on the trial hereof by fel
son of the law and the evidence be
ing in favor of the plaintiff Ernestine Na
than, and against the *1eteundant, .
li IIfrh. It in rhereifore ordered, Aski
ed and decreed that she do havem
ment in her favor as prayed for on
petition decreing a separation of .
perty and dissolution of the com j
of acquets and gains heretofore eisI
between her and her said husband, ho
that she do hereafter have the edoti
management and control of her own sep*
arate estate.
Done, read and signedl in Court on this
25th of May, I 8T.
(Signed) P. A. SIMMONS i
SParish J'ade.
SState of Lonisiaai
1 Parish of Natchitoeb,
SClerk's 01..
-1 certify the above to be a
icorect copy of the original Judgnt ona
file in my oflice.
WVitness my band and Q00
[L.S.. cial Seal this 29th dayIf
May, 1878.
W. H. TUNNARD,
June 1.-3t Clerk.
I. ___________-------- yx
SHERIFF'S SALE,
Payne. l)emorant & Co., vs. J. P. BrN
well.
I )istrict Court, Parish of Orleani.
No. 30661.
B Y virtue of a writ of Fi. Fa. is
the above entitled and num
snit 'and to me directed, I have
and wiil offer ror sale to the t
I. highest bidder at the Pro Aux.
plantation, on
Saturday, the 6th day qf July,'
d the following described property, t.,
A certain plantation known as
'"Pre Aux Cleres plantation," situated* I
re the right bank of Red River descend
in the Parisi of Natchitoches, about(W
n' twenty miles above the city of Natcblfr
'e ches, bounded above by lands now W
g lately belonging to E. I. Hyams, '
below by lands now or lately belJ
to Ben. Grappe, and containing
e. 98-100 acres.
Another tract or parcel of land in tb
rear of, and attached to said plantai'.
containing (134 87-100) one handed
and thirty-four 87-100 acres as pet ri
- drawn by Thomas Hunter, U. S. Deputy
Surveyor, bounded on the north west b
lands now or lately belonging to E.L
bi- Hyams, and on the west by section N&
35, in township 11 of range 9.
Another tract of land being the di.
vided half of a tract of land in sectia
S No.- 35, in township 11 of ranp 9. for
n1- merly owned by H. L. Bennett ad B'
ve M. Hyams, containing two hundred 5ad
h twenty-nine 51-100 acres, bonný
he the north east by land now or 16tbe
Slonging to Benjamin Grappe, east by 0
tion No. 36, in township 1,of ra3gI
, and on the south by section No. 2, tow'
it: ship 10, ofrange 9, west. u
are Another tract or parcel of Iaod.
and lot No. 2, and the east half of the'P
nd- west quarter of section No. 2, it to'
of ship No. 10, north of range No. 9, wd
in containing one hundred and foot
the 76-100 acree.
urt Termsn of Wade:.
Cash-with the benefitof apprales
D. H. BOULLT, Jr.
t. Sheriff, Parish of Natakikb
June 1tda