1876!
THE BEST, THE LARGEST,
the Cheapest Weekly Paper.
Pubhshed.
NOW IS THlE TIME TO
The St. Louis Times.
Daily, Sunday, Tri-Weekly and Weekly.
THIE
Leading Democratic Paper
WEST OF THEII MlSISlIPPI.
The ST. Louis Ti' Es is a large
sixty-four coltunil Newspaper,
the largest and cheape t
Weekly Newspaper
published in the
United States.
$1500 IN CASH PREMIUMS
AS FOLLOWS:
DAILY.
$250 Cash to any person from whom we
receive lithe largest. list of subscribers
to the Daily Times for one year (be
fore the 31st of March next) of nIot
less th:an one hundred and fifty
nalmes, at $' per anlnum.
$160 Cas~h fur the tnext largest liit of not
less tI:an 100 names at 5,8 per annum.
$125 Cash for the next larcest list of not
less thant 7. Ilnlljes at 8r' per :ailnu .
$75 Cash ftr the next largest list of not
l."s t Itn at nllaml's at $ per annum.
$,O0 Cash for the nlext luargest list of not
less than :i30 mines at $ per ainnlum.
$30 Cash forl the nelt larges. list of not
less tlhan! 20 iis at l !per illnnum.lllln
Casll tir'the next largest list of not
less than 20 names at $J per annum.
TRI WEEKLY.
$125 Cash tor the largest list of sulbscrib
ers to the Tri-Weekly times (before
the 31st of March next), of not less
than one hundred and twenty-tive
nanmes at $4 per auilnulilit.
$75 Cash for the next largest list of not
less than 75 names at $4 per annum111111.
$50 Cash for the next largest list f not
less than 50 names at $4 per annum.l
$25 Cash for the next largest list of not
less than 30 nalies at $1 per annln.
$15 Cash for the ntext largest list of not
less than 10 names at $4 per annum.
$10 Cash for the nlext largest list of not
less than 10 iailnes at $l per annum
WEEKLY TIMES.
t250 Cash to any person front whom we
receive (before the 31st of March
next) the largest list of subscribers
to the Weekly Times fer (tin year, of
not less than five hinrdrod names, at
$1 25 per anllnu.
$125 Cash for the next largest list of not
less than two hundred and lifty namles
at $125 per aunum.
$75 Cash for the next largest list of not
less than one hundred and tifty names
at $1 25 per annuml.
$50 Cash for the next largest list of not
less than one hnudred namesl at t$1 25
per annum.
$25 Cashi for the next largest list of not
less than lifty namues at lt 25 per an
ium.
Cash alst Accompany E :ch List Sent Il
An account will be opened with each
person contendinlg for the premniunils, and
natmes or lists received from time to
time placed to his or her ercedid which
will be footed up after 31st of March next.
Preminms awnarded within thirty Ldays
after March 31, 1875, by the Times Coim
pony of St. Louis.
No subscriptions received before De
eemaber 1, 1874, nor after March 31, 1875,
will be added to Prenmium lists.
Under the new plostal law, taking effect
January 1,1875, the postage oil nliewsp:t
petrs is required to be prelpaid by the
publishers at the titme of maIlliling, thns
reliovilig tihe subscriber of the necessity
of paying at his postotice the quarterly
postage as heretofore.
Postage Prepaid by Publishers.
The unpreccdented success with which
the Times haius met, since its estaldish
ment, is convilcinig evidelnce that the
people of the West and South, fully ap
preciate the effiorts of a journal, which,
in addition to its enterprisei n as I ews
paper, has the courage to boldly declare
and constantly maintain the principlcs
of its political faith.
The public journal mostly descrving or
lDemocratic snupport is the onel that, in
addition to beilng a fill alnd faithfll and
consistent advocate of Demoeratic prin
ciplhes. A Delmocratic newspaper in the
newspaper for l)emocrats to supplllort, alid
the idea soietimnes sought to ie ilncIleL
ted bIy those who hluive anll interest of their
own in doing so that the peolie P msl t ito
eltside their party organ to "finld the
news," is absurd alid irrational. There
ino sort of incolmpatibility wh;atever
between the political and non-political
jolrnal as to the matter of news; manlly
of the papers now published throulghont
the country, and especially valuable ir
'he amoulnt and 'variety of their intel
ligence, 1eiug also knowvn for the ablility
ald elarnlmiestuess with which they chaln
pion their petculiar party views. Henceit
all thiligs else Ileing equ'al, it is manifest
ly the diuty of )Demluocrats to limit their
newspaper lratrolutage to sIuch is are' of
their owln tay of t inkinlg, land nt to
squllnlltlrtlertheir le:lnlls ll thollse that wfge.
consltant w'lrfalre uponI -their estalblishlied
colnvictions.
It is our mesirle tfo seei the Tinmes in thel
hand of all Ithmulcrats, land cvcry well
wisher of tihe Governlllment throlllghout
the Itland, landi ini orderl tllhat this may ibe
ldone, we are Ilow offering the follo'wing
uxtrulordilnary inidlclmlemnl-nts to those who
will ilnterest theillelves andlll act in the
capacity of clubs agem ts for the Tilmes
throughoult the oilult ry.
The 'l'ilnes is ulnder ithe editorial maInn
agement of SrTII.)so th.T'rcill.s, one of its
lomlalers, associailted with Jolls N. El
Wulls anld R. II. S'YLVWsTmst, who lare
well amd fidrvallly knlown to the Delloc
racy of the Northiwest, in charige of a
large atid capable staff of writers and rc
porters.
DAILY.
Ilucding the "Mamumoth" Sunday
Edition, contitaihi g "All
tie, News."
Daily-Seven Papers per week, per
year,single subscription, by lmail 8 00
Daily-In elubs of five or more, lper
year, each subscription, by mail 7,50
TRI-WEEKLY.
Tr i-Weekl --Issuedt Wednesday,
Friday adrl aturday--.iggle sub
ucriptmon, per year, by mall$...... $G4 0
In elubnis of five or more, each sub
leription, by mail............... 3 75
WEEKLY.
Wee'ly, per year, single copy, sin
glu tubicriptiom, by mail-......... 0
In clubs of tell or' more, each sub
scrijption, by mail ................ 1 25
rl Agents Not Contending for Premiums
Will be allowed ten per cent comnmisson
from the above rates, to be deducted be
fore mailing money.
The Merchant and Business Man can
not take a nore usefuil and valuable
newspaper than the Titmes.
I Latest Financial Reports correctly
given.
The Times, for its sire, is the cheapest
pap er in circulation.
The Times gives the most complete
* Local arnd Foreign Market Reports of any
lpaper in the Mississippi valley. The
y. Market Reports are made up with the
greatest care from all sources, anlld the
subscribers to the Times may rely upon
having the best.
A first-class Literary and Family paper.
ditorial articles upon all the current
topics of the day.
The Agriculturist will always find the
Tinmes a paie'r suited to his wants.
Suppoet your own newspapeler.
Now is the timlu to subscribe for the
Times.
Sulbscribers to the Times should send
their moneeny, by postoflice order or ex
ipr'es, to thei. address of
TIMES COMPANY,
St. Louis Mo.
WILD OA ,8.
PROSPECTUS FOR 1875,
e Champion 'American Comic 'Paper !
ilt Illustrated by a corps of the best Ameri
ty can artists, :and contributed to Iy the
inmost IpIlpular humorists anid satirists of
rt the day.
it. Wild Oats now enters siweressfully up
,lt on the sixth year of its existenceC, and
t. has h'omlle t he establishetd humliorous antid
lt satirical paper of the clltr' . It was
n. started and continued the tb'st year a:s a
at mon thly, then, to satisfy tihe' ede1n111.1l of
n. the publiec, it was changed to a fiertnight.
it Iv. Still contining its goodt work of
n. hitting folly as it tflies, and showing up
a the political and seciald shans by its
. ilasterly cartoons and pllllUgent editorials,
it achievedi even gre.ate'r success th:lan
betfire, anltd was recognized as thl ablest
f,- antdl rightest of its class. Since then we
e. Lave yielded still further to the pnblic
delmand, and now publish Wild Oats
ie weekly! It has literally grown into its
presenlt shape on its intrinsic iunrits, be
ot ing the first successful weekly htumorous
,papc'r ever publelished in this coltuntry.
t Amonlg the artists especl,,ially engaged
to tlhrnis', illustrations for Wild Oats are
at Fr;k lhellew, Tlholans Worth llopkins,
Walhes, Sheltone, Wolf, Jumnp, Ke'ettels,
tºt lickhardt, Day, Poland, andl several
o. others who are yet known to ftie.
t In its literary departnieits Wild Oats
a will, as it always has, standi alone and
utintapprloachalle. At least one first-class
serial story will always be found in its
re paLes, by the best humorous, satirical,
:I antd character writers in thel United
rs States; while its sketches and squibs
of will he sparkling, original and pointed.
it Wild Oafs will le first-class in every
particular, and on this account may be
let taken into the best fonilies without fe'ar
or suspicion, as no word or illustration
will appear that can offenld the most fas
tidious.
es I·'9 Send for a Sample Cop'! ad
t Convince Yeo rselres.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE:
.. One Year......................... $4 00
t- Six Months..................... 2 00
Three Months................... 1 00
Single Copies... ............. 10
A Any person sending us a clutb of live
o sulscrileers for one year will reccive a
h copy• gratis.
t. Addlress,
COLLINS & ISMALL.
- Publishers, 113 Fulton Street, N. Y.
, EVERY LLDY SHOULD TAKE IT.
Pi TEIISO 'S I1AG.A NE,
STIIE CHIEAPES'T AND BEST IN
THE WORLD.
SPostagye Pre-lid on all Subscriptions.
This popular Monthly Magazine gives
more for the money thatl any ill the
Sworll. For 175, it will be greatly im
Sproved. It will contain (hue Thoueisanld
Pages. Fourteen Splendid Steel Plates.
'lTwelve Colored Berlin Patterns, 'i'wel, ve
n Manuneth Colored lashioens, Nine H[tin
ii dreld Wood Cluts, Twecnty-Foulr Pages ofl'
.' usic. "All this will be given for only
STwo )Dollars a year, piostage prepaid by
the publisher, ,or a dollar liss than Mag
azincs of the class f "i'eterson.:' Its
o TIIIILLING TAI ES AND NOY
SELTIES
SAre the best Iplblished anywhlere. All
tile nmost popular writers are oemployedl
' to write originally "Peterson." In 1,75,
t in alddition to the usual equanti" ofel short
r stories. Five Original Copyright Novel
etts will be givlen. "y Mi'sl. Ann S. Ste
'dihens, Frank Lee Benedict, Jane, (. Aus
tin Ma:rictta Ilolley and Daisy Ventnolr'.
.MAMMO''1 COLORED FASHION
I PLATES
SAhead of all others. These plates are
enigraved oli steel. Twice the usual size,
anl are iinequialedl for beauty. They
will be superbly coclored. Also lHouse
hold and other receipts ; ill short, every
Sthing interesting to ladies.
SSUPERB PREMIUM ENGRAVING!
S To every pierson getting up either of
S1the following elnbs for 1575 will Ibe sent
gratis, a copy ocf our new and splendid
mnlezzotint fort fahuning, (size 21 ilnchles hy
"';, 'Washington's First interview with
His Wite." This is a Five Dollar Engra
ving, and the most desirable premilm
ever oilltred. For large clubs, as will be
seen below, an extra copy of Mauzaiine
will be sent in additon.
TERMS (Always in Advance) $2,00
a YEAR.
Postase Prepaid by the Publisher.
2 Copies for................ $ 3 60
S " "U................ 4 00
6................. 10 00
9 " "................ 14 O0
S12 " ".. ............... 1800
Poetages Prepaid on the Club, with a
copy of the superb mezzotintt ('llx6)
S"Washington's First Interview With His
Wife," to the persmn getting up the
Club.
Postage Prepaid on the Club, with both
an extra copy of the Magazine and the
suplrlb lnzzotiut. "Washington's Firts
Sinterview With his Wit'," to the per
sotil getting up the Clu1,.
Address, ]post-paid.
CIIARLES J. PE'ERSON,'
30i Chesutit street, Pa.
l ,e- Opecinenue ent gratiw if written
for.
THE BEST PAPER. TRY IT.
POSTAGE FREE.
Beautifully Illustrated.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN now in
its n:Uth year, enjoys thel widest circulla
tion of ally weekly tiewspaper of the kind
in the world. A new volume couttreucebt
January 4, 1875.
ItN conitenits embrace the latest and most
interesting informatitll pertaining to lthe
Inldust rial, Mechanical, .all(d Scientific Pr.
grass of the Wmolit; I)h seriptions, with
liehatiful Etitgravings, tof New Iniven tions,
New Procwsss, :, Inhiprove*d Indullstries
of all kindls ; lst'ful Notes, l'eciples, siug
gestionsi atnd Advice, by Pi tat ical Writel's.
l or Work mien and Eimiplihyers in all the
variotus arts.
Th1'e SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN is the
eheallplist anid best illlustlrated weekly pa
Iper publlished. Every niimlber contalisi
frmlll 10 to 15 ourigin:l enlgravin of lnew
Iachineryl ad nlovel illvenlitiOtis.
ENOI lAVI (iS, illustlratingl Inlprove
imenOta, l)iscjover ies, anld liilportanlit Works,
pertaining to Civil andll Mechanica Eiigi
inering, Milling. Mining anl Metallrgy;
Rltcvreilds of thle latest lIagi'rss in the All
pli.'i tions ef Stearn. eatultii Engineering,
Itailwavs. Ship fitildiug, Navigation.
'T'elhgraph'y, T''elhgrah Enhi eering, Ilec
tricity, Magnetisnl, Light :anil Heat.
"A RM I: l.S, Mec'haiiie's. Engin eers.
Iiivetors, Manillnf:;rturers. ('Chemlists, I ov
ers of Sri'inie,'r, Teachers, ('lhrgyllmen, Law
yers, anid Peophle of all Prlftssiolns, will
find tihe Si'IEN'Ir,'Iit' AMEHI('AN uIserful to
tllhiln. It shollid hiave aii pilie ini every
iFuily, Liblrary, Study, oitice, :anld Colut
in liaiiiom; in every REcaitliig Rioom,
(College, Academyili otl Sc.ihol.
A year's i lllr r contilailn 8:12 pages rrand
Seviiti. III Nmi t,:i ExNiu.vivs 'Tlhoi
sanilllds olf mvl illnllms are pilrservedt for Ihind!
ing andil rl.terenaa. Tl'hi lpractical recilpt.
are well wnrth i . tie inrs ti sillsucrilttin,
p'ie. Tlrins $3 t1 a year by mail, in
c'ludilin lPlostagi . D)i scOlilit to Clnils S.pe
eilnens icint free. May be had ofiall News
PATENT S. " w, th
A:IEIIuc'A, Messrs. Mrxx & ('o. are
Soilicitors of Atlmerican anld Forileigrn Patents,
lland have the largest esthllislhnlllint in the
world More than ftity thousand applica)
tions lihav e ibeen atle for patents through
their agncne,
L itentl are ircobtained onil thl best trnlms
Momtirls of atNew inventions and sketchhes
eunIilin.l aIotl advicie Ira'e. A special
notice is Illilll,' ill the S'ienlitic American
of aal Inventions Pa tented throigh r lihis
Agencyll,, with the naIot and residlent eof
the P tiitint e. Patentils ar' otfteni sold ill
part or whole, to persons at I raeted to lihe
invention by suli ci h entiice. S-und ftor
'Painphl et, 1 0 pages, liaiws and frill dli
rectionls fllo obtaihiiug Patents.
A lress tior the Laller, orucolOcelrning
Patents, Mlu xx & Co., 37 Park Row
N. Y. Brach Ollice, War. F1' wl. 7Lh Sts.
Waslhiitoui, 1) C.
Janiy ll7.i.--lv
FITS CUIREI) FREE!!
Any person srtttIringl froil the above
dis:t',a is rllaliistetel l to ailress Dr. Price,
anl a trial lot tle of li'ldicirei will be
forwarded by Express.
FREE!
The only co.st being the Exlpress clar
ga's, which owing to tny larg', business,
are manll.
Dlr. Price haas liladnil treatlinnt of
FITS OR EPILEI'SY
a stiully th"r ye:ar's, and hie will warrant a
enre llay tlhe ns'e of hlis ruaelmly.
Do not tail to seind to hril for a trial
bottle; it costs ilolhitng, ain lite
WILL CURE YOU,
no matter of how long staniding your
case may bell, or how liUanyl other rclmc
dies Illay llhave faiid.
Circulars, aMd testilunoials sent with
IFREE TRIAl, IO'OTTLE.
Be puartienular to give your Express, :is
well as your Post Ollic:! directionl, ind
Address,
Dr. Chas. T. Price.
67 William Street, New York.
March 6,--ly.
CONSUMPTION CURED.
To the Eldilor of lthe l'oplL' Vind~calei :
Will you pileasa inform ylour readers
I have a positive
CURE FOR CONSU.MPION
and all alisordL'rs of the Throat arid
Lungs, aild that, by its use in my pra.
licc, I llhave cured hiulndreds of cuass, and
will give
$1,600 00)
Iir a case it will not Ibarrtit. Illdea'd, so
strongl is ly fii ltl, I will sellal a SAMi'IE,
IcaEI, to ally sitlt'trer alhldr'PsSi~ag Ille.
PIlease slhow this lhtt, r to any ora you
iay kllnow who is sulitring friom these
,li.seases, and oblige,
Faithfully Yours,
Dr. T. F. BURT,
69 William St., New York.
March 6.--ly.
Burdick's National
HAY & FEED CUTTER,
WiBot morqe, l aliven tamo with1o opo~ga
then any Cattlr la the arkeLt
A b5e of roa may be
nn late this uasan.
When la tallmotion, e
we will warrlnt nothll
'.,e to ooer theu
emall Gent la the kiae.
leeomudeld by thb I utmet l hlway
of 8. LotIti ad Louaitvle.
lor dscrltption mad priees addrds,
SEMPLE, BIRGE & CO
Mtanacehres plcrniawl Implments st nps
otolti.. Ith fn r mr
1S **t . 1 g. agi, St. Leuto.
WPleasoN mento tn wibtpatper oe relthil
SORGHUM MACHINERY,
CANE MILLS,
EVAPORATING
PANS,
FURNACES.
SPamphlet.
and Prices sent to parties
applying, who will please
mention in what paper thee
saw this advertisement.
Semple, Birge & Co.
is 8'UTH MA/m $t1., gr L
S "
Dr. J. Walker's California
Vinegar Bitters are a purely Veg
t stable preparation, made chielly from
the native herbs found on the lower
;t ranges of the Sierra Nevada moun
,m tains of California, the medicinal
. properties of which are extracted
i therefromn without the use of Alcohol.
T, he question is almost daily asked,
Wh" What is the cause of the unpar
alleled success of VIxNEGA(It BIT
rlirs f" Our answer is, that they
remove the cause of disease, and
the patient recovers his health. They
are the great blood purifier and a
life-giving principle, a perfect Reno
vator and Invigorator of the system.
Never before in the history of the world
has a medicine been compounded pos
sessing the remarkable qualities of Vlx
suo.a l T'rrRS in healing the sick of
every disease man is heir to. They are
a gentle Purgative as well as a Tonic,
relieving Congestion or Inflammation of
the Liver and Visceral Organs, in Bilious
D' iseases.
The properties of DR. wAr.x
Wa's -VINE5AR I'Ilrr'kas are Aperient. lia
phoretic, Carminative, Nutritious, Laxa
tive. Diuretic. Sedative. Counter-Irritant,
Sudorific, Alterative, and Anti-Bilious.
(P lf'atraitl I ;hg,i-. . <..
- ful Invi.ortait t h.t ever sustained
1, the sik!king systeiu.
No Person c.tli take these Bit.
ters according to directions. unl re
nmain long iunwell. provided their
bones are inot destroyed by mlineral
n poison or otler leans,, and vital or
I- gans llstert ueoyond repair.
Bilious, Remnittelt, and In.
terniittent Fevers, which are so
h lrevalent in the valleys of our great
rivers throughout the United States,
especially those of the Mississippi,
Ohio, Missouri, Illinois, 'Ieninessee,
Cumberlalnd, Arkansas, Red, Colo
Srado, Brazoe, Rio Grainide, Pearl,
h Alabana, Mobile, Savannah, Ilo
anoke, Janmes, and miiany other's.
with their vast tributaries, through
out our entire counltry during the
SSummnier an(l Autumn, and remarka
Y bly so during seasons of unusual
" heat and dryness, are invariably ac
ei companied by extensive derange
s ments of the stomach and liver, and
r other abdominal viscera. In their
treatment, a purg:itive, exerting a
powerful intlhence upon these vari
ons organs. is essentially necessary.
Tlhere is no cathartic foir the purlpse
equal to DRe. J. W'ALKK:'S VINEiAR
rrITrlits, as they will speedily remove
the dark-colored viscid matter with which
the bowels are loaded, at the sanlle time
stilmulating the secretions of the liver,
and generally restoring the healthy func
tions of the digestive organs.
Fortify the body ag8:lilSt di.s
ease by purifying all its fluids wit!i
VinE(ls fi I'Ilr'TY.sS. No epidemlic (al
take hold of a system lhiis lilre-arieldl.
l)yslipepsia or Indigestion, iead
iache, l'Pain inl the Shoulders. Colghs.
Tlightness of the Chest. lininess. Sonr:
Ertitatioins of tilhe Stoimai;ch. Indl T-·-
in the Mouth, Ilitious Attacks, Palpita
tion of the Hleart, iflainnlatiuto ,f the
SLung. PIain ill thelregioll of the I,. iclyr.s,
iand a hundrid other plainful .tllptorun,
Iarc the (ll])rihg5 of l)VSl!, tia- 0h bU -
tie will lrov~ a hotter gmuranuYee of its
lmerits than a lengthy adlver'tislnwlnt.
Scrotila, or hi.u-s Evil, \\'hie
SSwellings, Ulcers, Elyvsipclas, Swelled
SNeck. (oitre. Serui'lous lI imflm, nuations,
Indlolent I nihlanunat itons. Mermurial atife
tinOs. Old Sores, Emritiolts o tihle Skin.
Sore Eyes, etc. In these, as in all other
constitutional t)iseasO.s, WALKIM'8 'IN
Et;AR IITrrTKs hav'e .shownl their grmeat cullr
ative powers iil the mnost ob.tiniate and
ilntractable cases.
For Iltiamlulnatory and Chronie
Rlheunllatisll, Gout, Bilious, Remit
t;lt and Interimittelnt 'evers. l)ikeaoe;
(l'the Blood, Liver, Kidneys and lIlldler.
these Bitters have no equlial. Such l)i.
cases are caused by Vitiated lilood.
iMechalnlieCal Diseases-Persns
'ngaged in Paints anld Mitmei'als. lsuch as
l'iunbers, Typle-setters, Gold-bleaters iand
Miners, as they advance in life, are sulib
ject to paralysis of the liowels. 'I' guard
agailnst this, take a dose of WALbEEim
" I'.It;AR iill'I"rIESI occastionallY.
For Skin lDilsases, Erupltions,
''etter, Salt- llthemln, llotches. Spott. P'in
ples, Pustules, Boil, Carbunclces, iin,
wormsn, Scald-head, Sore Eves, Erviip;
as, Itch, Scurfs, liscolorations of tlhe
Skin, Hluners land D)iseases of the Skii of
whatever namne or imature. are literall
dug up land carried out of the systenm in a
shorl't time Iby the Iuse of these Bitters.
I'ill, Tape, and other ltl'oriIms,
lurking in the systemmi of so mainy thou
sands, are efltictually destroyed and re
imoverd. No systemn ofl' mleditilne, no ver
niilfges, no anthelminities will free the
systeml fronm worms like these Bitters.
Fo FenaIleCon lplaints, in young
or old,. married or silngle, at the dawn of
wominanhood, or the turn of lilfe, these Ton
ic Bitters display so decided an influence
that improvenment is soon perceptible.
Cleianse the Vitiated Blood
whenever you lind its ilmpurities bursting
through the skin in Pimples, Eruptions,
or Sores; cleanse it when you find it ob
structed and sluggish in the veins; cleanse
it when it is feil; your feelings will tell
you when. Keep the blood pure, and the
health of the vsystem will follow.,
R. II. lil-DOST LDl d O.,
Drniggilst & Gemi. Art,., Sun Frincisco. Califor
nlia. & cor. of Weasinhtoll and lu(htorlloNi S..t..
iold pBy all ihruglislt aul Deal-lr
CLAKS PATWNT
POST HOLE AUGER.
Pontlatofoauperirlf
will bore haterinall
conditions of soil, will
bore thro9 Soddr,
Riooy,_ or Trasph
round without the
of any other
can be used to
grabolalfeatly
sizee made fbr Post
. AnJU ACTUErID BY
BEMPLE, BIR3E a 00.,
AGRrfOurr,.AL IMPLE.
ti2'T5 AND HARDWARE
- PBJcIALTIE5q
13 L Dlaa Bt., Ba LeakL
Palrtife answering this adver
tigmen, pleo ustate ln wip
paper tief ed IL
1 Get your JOB PRINTIIG
done at the VINDlc &TOR Office.
JOB OFFICE.
ALL KINDS OF
JOB PRINTING
EXECUTED WITII
Neatness and Dispatch.
POSTERS
HAND BILLS,
C1ROCULARS,
WEDDINGaiud BALL TICKETS,
C RDS
-AND-
BLANKS
Of Evervj Description
Printed at Reasonable Rates.
TT Persons desirous of having Jon
PRtsTIoX done neatly, expeditiously and
cheap are invited to call at the otkce of
the VVEJDIcToR."
VICIK
FLORAL GUIDE
Foor 1876.
1)-BLISPIIED QUARTERIILY. JANUA
ry Numbler just issued, and contains
over 100 Pages, 500O Engralgvinlg, descrip
tions of mnore than 5001 of our hest Flow
ers and Vegetables, with directions for eul
ture. Colored Plate, etc. The most use
tful and elegant work of the kind in the
world. Only '25 cents for the year. Pub
lisherd in Englibh and German.
Address, JAMES VI('K.
Jan. 16-1y. Rochester, N. Y.
ALL PAPERS QUOTE FROII IT!
THE
Detroit Free Press.
The liveliest of family newspapers, full
of interesting news, literature, humoronis
sketches, spicy para raph, etc. Sample
Copies free. Subscription $2 00 a year,
post-paid. Address
DETROIT FREIE PRESS.
Detroit. Mich.
NEW YORK TRIBUNE I
The Leading American Newspaper.
TIlE BEST ADVERTISING MEDIUIM.
Daily, $10.00 a year; Semi-Weekly,
$3.00; Weekly, $2.00
POSTAGE FREE TO TILE SUBSCI
HER.
Specimen copies and advertising rates
free. Weekly, in clubs of 30 or more,
only $1.00, postage paid. Address
TIHE TRIBUNE,
New York.
ARTIUR'S ILLUSTRATED
HOME MAGAZINE
FOR 1875.
Bright, cheerful, progressive, always up
to the adan,'ing thought of the times.
The Holern Magazine takes rank with the
leading and ,most intiuential periodicals
of t he day. It is on the side of temper
iance and true christian morality. What
ever i. hurtiful it condemnIs without
frar or fatvor, and imsakes itself ftilt in the
homencs of the people as a power for goond.
The Great Household Miagazi ne of
America, is more thoroughly identified
with the people in their homne mid so
cial litie than any other periodical in the
country.
"lDeborah N,,rman; her work and her
reward." A new serial story by T. S.
Arthur will be commenced in January.
"FIFTY YEARS AGO; or the cabins
of the West," by Resella Rice. We an
nounce this n)ew series of articles with
real pleasure. knowing as we do that it
will be among the .most attractive that
we shall otlr our readers next year.
Miss Rice, besides holding the pen of a
ready writer has in her possession a large
amount of origina:l material fromi which
to draw, and a wide acquaintance with
people whose personal reminiscence are
rich with pioneer incidentt and experi
ences.
"HIoles for the People," a series of ad
mlirahly suggestive articles on homes alnd
how to make theni pleasanlt and attrac
tive, by Mrs E. I. l)ufni'y.
"The Story Teller." This department
will bie ulllsualy richll. lBesides an
allllld:lllce ofl short stories, two or three
selial.d will bIe given dullrilig the year.
"Pipsissiway" Plotts thile inilitatlle tl'
Illncator of hIlmlle lift' and3 chalracter, will
have an artile ini every number.
Butterick's niewest patterns for ladies'
and childrens'dresses are given by spe
cial arr:alngelnent every niontlth.
The Mothers' D'partnment will be care,
hIlly edited laid have suggestive artilcls
iorom our best and most experienced wri
ters.
Thle Housi'keepers' Department will be
fill andl practical, and containl many con
tributions from experienced housekeep
'The Liou iln Love' and "The Interrlp
ted Reader,"5two large and splellndid pre
innilln engravings. One of these is sent
licee to everysiubscriber.
82 f0) a yenar is the price ofARTHIUR'S
ILLUSTRATED HOME MAGAZINE.
In clubs ; 3 copies for $6; 6 and olle ex
tra to the getter up of thie club $12. 10
and one exttr $20. f7 15 cents must
Ibe added to eteh subscription for pre
payImlellt of postage for the year. Sp(e
ciluell nllulmibers 15 cents, in currency or
postage stampls.
T. S. ARTHUR & SON,
Philadelphia, Pa.
WILLIAMS' MOWER A REAPER
ERIPLE, BIRGE & CO,.
13 South Main8tret, St. Louib,
 lpaa steine atvrent paer rAma th1
EYERY FARMER HI8 OWN MILLER
CHALLENGE FEED MILLS8
Combined
8HELLER AND GRINDER
wi trmed ar kind l
Feed, whether wetordrr
wth ease ena l aj
Osage Corn and Cob Mills.
leor aners n. d Mulse aiesa
SEMPLE, BIRGE & CO.,
eaasetueeaAgprte ral lmpleuamet mS l Spa
elattle In ieedware,
13 Peah Mals St., SbT. LOUIS
THE DUBOIS PATENT
(iweved FIie-aMb)
COTTON GIT.
The Higbeat Piemfumee t the State Paire at
Prtles uewertng thiL, pla sate tn whet
paper iby re t tI
da PsL,, alssR a C0,,
Ara ultllauplma t & Dlawsre 8petltte4A
Ii Iqatb Wals SI. 1ST. LOI'Is.
WilY Y"Ot' .IoI'I.I'rAE--
THE CINCINNATI ENlQ ERli
It is the I'Pep'les pll''r, dt.voteel t
their illrte t s Iti i wel.i.i ,." 0
It is aln impaltial ti'end to all nZ:enLd
nlleasllres that bellcefit the t'.ultry d
It is the ,enemy of "ll ne.nr andl meal
ures that stk only ieronal; gaill atIt
exipeuise of th: coiltlllli 'Y elfare.
Its editorial columns are tihr the t
(ial pf1pose of exposing the frauds of
goevertller nt ofHfials. and laws coucr d
in language calhculated to deceive the at.
derI.sta;udlig, anltl take plain to its re
ei's the mlotives, ':tt si a t eflcts of
general and special legislative acts.
Its ,ews colnIII II Culai fit latest
new"s and intelligence that can ibe obtain.
ed frotI the ftLtur quarters oft tlhe glol,
byv eans of the telegraph, mails a
Its agricultural columns are the i tg
adapted toe the wants of falln ers, alleg
whollui re invited to give their experi.
elcee ;toili results of new ideas and e)
perirnelnts of all kinds of imlprIoemeet
calculated to advance the hrlriug i.
teresti-.
One issue of the Eluiirer contaia
mire solid inftEirnation :rd intelligene,
thian can Ie h'al fron ,u t'if ifthe so call,
ed htterary lpaplr. Neoei E:an lay aside
the Elitlirier withilit aurll;ttiltg a vall.
able additiou to his or her ,tock ofknowl
edge.
Its market reports have foir years be
acknowledged as the imost compiletemad
reliable lpubli.hed. ail of great valan to
Stock Deale'rs, Producers and Traaea.
1I1lel geiiraill".
It has dep.'artments and readiug for:th,
ol and the youting. For thei family cir.'
clet and thll couutit.g house-For the iner
chant and meehanic-For the famter and
stock dealehr, and for ladies and gFeole
,ellen of every calling andl station m life.
Its terms are low as any tirst class Pj
Iper can be printed for, anIt the qualit'
and qallntity of reading matter used aw
excelled by any other ipaper.
Try it for this year. A Chromo fm
every $2.0( .Snbseriber Send your aub
scription direct to the office.
R. R, R.
RADWAY'S READY RELIEF
(1VQ31 TMW WORST PAINS
Ina from One to Twenty Mlnutag
NOT ONE HOUR
aiArreadlangehladvertisem ne al eara
SCtFFi.R WITH FAIN.
hADWAOT REA DY IRELIEF 18 A CUl 1FOI
VlterY PAIN.
It wasthe ramd to
The Only Pain Ieomedy
that Instantly stops the moeste'zcrctating Vals .lall
Ilalammautins, and curew tongetust. Whr ofd
rLuqs, stomach, Bowels, rother bladserepa, by
Seappllcau-ua.
IN FROM ON TO TWENTY HINxta,
so matter how violes or eseruetallg tha tas
BIIEUM.ATIC, Boedriddea, Infirm, c:rippled, res,
Neuralgl, or prestrated with diseasemay mulr,
RADWAY'S READY RELIEu
WILL AFFPORD INSTANT RAI.
IIFAMMATION OP THE KIDNETI.
INFLAMMATION OF THE I.ADDS.
INFLIIAXATION OF THu DoWNL"
CONGESTION OF TH l leW
3033 THROAT, DIPFCL'(LT DBUATHING.
PALPITATION OF 1J3I EIM,
TfiTEZBICS, CBour, DIFlTTErIA.
ADAC, TOOTHACHE.
NEtLBALlTA, BI3lUATIL
COLD CHILLS, AGUE LIIILU.
The appiication of the Ready Reliefite tl.
pans wherethepain or dialecuay emtwr lllMwd
and ComulorL
Twenty dropsin lhafatumbler of walr wllsh
somenta cure CH RAMIS SPASiNSUUSCT a WiOr
EARTBL'TEN, SICK HIADACli, DIABIUOIA
DYSInTERY CLOLIC. WIND li TES NOIL
adaall I 'TKit(AL PAINS.
Travelers should always arry a boll d W a
Way's Ready Heliilwtthelme. A fwneSa
Water willpreveal sacknes or Baias som etagp d
w·tar. It is btralba F.lS ra mly lier I a wo
/Ithant.
" FEVER AND AGE
FRVRR ANDAGOIl eredfor fly semta. Tamse
asaremedial aentia thin world that will earmFees
end Ague. aud aU .ler abarioua, Nilome,
Typhoid, Yellow, and owhr Fever tsidd bI4
WAY' PIIIA.SI quick as ADWA)I'M IaDE l
LIEF. F SIy euat per bears.
HEALTHI BEAUTYII
1T30O AND PURS1 BICH BLOOi.-I]CII
OP LEII ANb'i WRIKT-sJLEAR L lA
igAUTIZULCOM'LE.,IOM dM IIUfiO
DR. RADWAY'S
Sansli.illia Iclrat
THE CREAT BLOOD PURIFIE.
HAS MADRTIn MoST ASTONrsINGI CUIII
QUICK.80 RAPID AP.R THu cHANOK.I
BOU RGEOU UNDER THINirLOIIb
THAT
gvereT a) ailirearill
anl Wei t isSee al ell
bery drop of the sAR1lfAUIllfAW 3W0L
YENT emomieatisethrgouihtbe Blood.SVet mr
bnd other Fluids and juices of 5lo..mli heflprt
If ,foritrepairslhewaistedIhe bed, wlth3lWad
mound materIal. Sroeftl. 5t, slit, CS5pU,,
Olhndnlu diseas. Ulere In thei I ned. 3t IS
mors, No4ee e !h OlGlandeand ethr j du- e
More Eye, lllrumorouedilhargu r UB _ 3 U_,
theI worst form. of Stol duaseesee, 3VIT W
Sorw, Scaldil ad, Ring Worm.nastlrhUU.4
Acne, Itstaktpots, Wirmsri stltele, teTe a
esrslsthe Womb, and all w hakle gdg W
h pn etilL or~riowo wi nthin :he curtlte ..uig.ef
w-onderotlodern Cbemilr., sn Iaew. Ytt meW3
prove loanypersoa ulgat fore sher eflM mab
anss its potUetpower tIneurethem
Ifthe patent, dally becomintg rdef hly
a ddeonapelllon tblhal I conimually parOYfU
eeedsinarrestlngtbese wasts. Ianrni5 --U
wih aewmaterialmade from hilhys obbdudd
teIIAKSAPARILLIAN willand dllsurW(Sr
fIcertaln ; ,r' when ene thin rem -dr dommiii7
workofpnrtilcatio, and emeceeds aI diathIB
oenef wutsm iter rlrwill bo apd. and_dey f
h in wilsfe rdl hlmelr owe aIUg tiee
hbuefoddilgsii betes.,epperit io mCyuiSap
ee dwl h jblnoreaalsa.
only positlve cure for
Zidcy &0 Bladder CbmpearuA
Urlays adnr Weab dlteame.Or al. Dittabee.
Sloppageof nWater, Incostmnee tof Irie, I '
euSe, Albumlnurtows, and In all ers wherelie
tridus4dtdepole, or thle watr Is tc c, loud.
w-lhseehoatneslk Ietbe wbl.rofag , naor thm
whlteslik, ortherelsa morbid. irv-tliomua
nme. and whie b~se.dnstdeLe ,te. md wh-m
*phcklt. buwlan realtlt wlrn nd
1mwe of 12 rare as.*' G
DR. RADWAY'S
purge, retulat, purify, le uieafl.lw  t
-ry' rilhufur tsA ecuareoft alI didr d._.re Otthrt.b
Ltver, Bowels, gideys, Bladder. NernotlIl.5,
Beadache, Consupai. n.cocrene. IndkWto~. o
peplia, tMllounes. Bilnns Fer'r. 1a aM oI
_iwels, PIle,. aid all DIsrangeolntsIl of the IJD
acearsn . Warraiedto effetaposltiU ae e~r
Teoable,emsaimlng IomErcry. mInersilr -
Atwa. daesot ADWAY'PffLS wit *0W ~
hmfroma i the abovenamee dirirtes- rIIU -
per Bo. 8O.LD BY DRUesI:clsT.
BEAD "'PAI.RK ANDI TRltUR" ged St
mpo RAD tY A 1.O... Nob S2 sreU .. ~
et,. lnfrmatlou worth thibad wilt beint .t
f St LaiE Sn 1
Patent Metal Lined.
ThesePmpasma nt
iEslledi in lnish f
workrmanhip. sadtbl
otl~ections to the coW
mon Wood pumP
causedby the d#
wearing of theboreit
in this pump obd
by a metallio mpill
Sepmple, Birgo & Co.,
-AmTI!ACTURIER OP AUIJCULTUUAL 1_113
rENTS AND BPBlIALTIIS IN ~B JDWABIe
3 Seentk Maim S(are, Us. Ieas. 3e
SP'lea.e ette lawhatpsper ueeraltt'