J is. ;tlif or
c TI.'1] ~.1' - - ia rcli 17, 1rt77.
Largest Chil'elt1ion01
of ally Coulntrx papeI'r il
thle State.
Rates o ;i hu -criptiofl
O)ne Yrou"...................... '
No snili4eiiptiu')I aki-i nI l1I-.s 14;1
months.
$l.!I51tir s~1n:Ire for t he first iiwrfion,
Ten linen or II'M. licl IBreVier liuNti
tute t It jIt11are. or ole liondied worlk.
Jndiicial Ad vertivl ~rfhtM One 11 ollar
per hlullredr words, (s1liare) fir1t ini e -
tioti, 5O cents for eahli Nlthreqileii t nser
tion. Paalblel in ailVaner.
All lTaicllniett A~tvertinhimit5 p'"ya
idle in adlvancee, anid all Adveert senro uts
for i Iile time1W tlihini 6Iunltll.. art Trall
iei itt.
Rlhil;air Ad ve l jNclftlltit yi ta
terl v. in tl :iln'C.
Ad eirt i rs in the Northern ('iiics
Iisi applº1y to uior A gelit For t,.rnsllstll
colitrlhtM, fotr '11 attentioti Will lie birll
to applllicatioilw to ts ill lilt ol frornm tbat
SI til iull.
AGENTS.
All ordctrq fur'~I At .t~tisig ini'.t ht
No IIIiUtll iiI to Iitji~t01 IX
(ý. I. iP~sw1 1 &ý ('t., Niwv furl:.
S. M. 1 t.trxg~ill & {.
intul t ut A tilt . ( ' ojio it ann. ll~.
Tltr;st l &ý ('hc"niaii, `t. [LIuiM. ilo.
\V. V. Sharp t C-..2, 1'a.k Ikow. N. Y.
Phu. ýr~n}' rN V()lt~tý,La
LOCAL AGENTS.
'The following inim'ed gentlemen have
kindly eºnseIted, anid are herehyv nc
erediteid as Agents for the IVEOPLE'S
VINDICATOR.
Col. J. F. Piersmo, Coushaltta, Red River.
3Bej. Wolfson,
Mon. D. W. Self, Mlany, Saline parish.
J. II. Caldwell Esq., " '
Cavil Bray Esq., Black Land, Vernon.
Thos. Riehardson, "
Hon. M. F. Manchen, Winllfild Winn.
Dr. Mf. A. ])nnn, Montgomery, Grant.
Newspaper Laws and Regula
tions.
i. Subscribers who do not give express
notice 1o tihe contrary, are considered
wishing to continue their subscription.
2. If subserilers order the discontiinn d
anoe of their periodicals, the pullisher 1
may continue to send them until all ar
rearages are paid.
3. If snerihers neglect or reflse to
take their periodihals from the tflice to
which they are directe'd, they are held
responsido nntil they have settled their t
bills, and ordered theom discontinned.
4. If snhseribers move to other places
without informing the publishers, and 9
the papers are sent to the former diree
tion, they are held responsible.
., The courts have decided that "refiu
sing to take periodicals from the office. 1
or removing andt leaving them uncalled
for. is prima fl'ie evidence of intention
rT fraud."
6. Any person who receives a newspa- 1
per and makes use of it. whether he has
ordejed it or not, he is held in law to be
a subscri her.
7. If subscribers pay in adtvamce. they
are bound to give notice to the publish
er at the end of their time, if they do
not wish to continue taking it; othe!
wise the publisher is anthorized to send
it on, and the sublscrihers will he res
ponsible until an express notice, with
payment of all arrears, is sent to the
publisher.
All adrertisetents mnnstf be hand
ed in to this office by Thursday
ereningf of each week, to insutre in
aertion that issue.
AU Judicial adrertisements must
iepaid for in advance, or they irill
be discontinued fser the first inser
tion.
Correspotdence containing wsir of a
general nature is solicited from this
and neighboriny parisles. The real
name of the writer must accompany all
letters, but the name' will not be pub
lished unless so desired. Letters Mn be
wrritten on one side of the sheet of pa
per, and toecontain ncars of general in
erest : brief, crops and weather re
ports, gossip, local happenings, (fc.
J. JB.LEW IS
SHREVEOt LA.
The Best Churm olnade--Hern
don's,.at T. lIaller's Tin cstablish
ment.
The statls quo seems (to be tihe
only thing observed hI the State.
B~he rights pf tb9 people are of
small moment, but the question' of
ualers nusrps all.
Si3tOW IilE. SUBLIME.--lunnt, tihe
negro incendiary, ex-Senator, when
Florida wae enunted~for Hayes andi
q'Cheeler, sernt up word to his "flock"
b be-ready to meet him with drums
and colors, in Mfarch. WleifLouisi
ana went the same way he joyfully
wired them thlt "I am e oing with
Droops," but wbeo" Hayes, appointed
that Schurt-E'varts Chbinet he mana
ged between the gripes- o the colic,
to yell out. nr the prayers of the
faithful up this. way to eastain him
in his agony.
The Democratic Press of the World
.tfipe are extremely anxious, that
oIyes- should, recognise Packard.
Thiy.thowi that the National Demo
eratic party proposes to trade on out
gi9sties and political death.L
Exit Status Quo.
In necordlance with instructions,
that the sltahRs (jit, had hIeen dissolv- men
edl, Judlge David Pierson, of the 17th man
Judicial D)i.trict, assumed the fanc- of tl
tions of his office on Wednesdry last, cash
without oppnsiti,,n-peaecallly and n on
legaily. Of course the Breda crowd ferry
refnsemd to obey the writs of the grvi
('ourt. hut they were snspended, and plet
vielded uip aunthority to Inwfully con- tiro
sti'nted sesll sors Witlhont even a spo
protest. seeming glad11 to escape the livi
trinmoil of the contest. Mr. Meziere, get
l)istrict fClelk. nid colored RTepunli- took
enn promptly recornized ,Tldnl e Pieir- SI
soln, and is conducting the office as f;ic
usal. ma1
it woild le well to note, while :at 'I'
this pooint, the fact that all i,pposi nitl
tion to the quiet and legal estallish- deel
nent of the rightfill governmen,'t in talxc
this State here ; all opposition to its the
mandates, comes from white cnrpet- eCIi
ggl'ers and scalawags. Every col- F
owedl Repullicaii promptly comnies to 11 %v
Nicholls' support, and it is a qlUestiioi that
which the whit Radtical thief enrses par'.
loudest, the 1)imnoerat or the colored prh,
Heplubliean. In fact the colored me'n cite
of sense have either been with us ed,
during thle cnnvass, or they came to pel
us with Pinehirack. to 1
Judge Pierson's nnthority was senl
proimptly recognized by the entire the
ialr, and the lawful anthorities have rilr
- now full charge of the lig.hts, pro V
pIrty, anid peac'e of this coinunity. tina
There were more luieniini- faces on thei
o1r streets during the day, of ioth with
white and colored citizens, than we -ti
have cver seen Ibefore. Every one vet
seemed to tlink thant now peace is ften
assuredl arol law will he enforced. for
Thlie Radical ni:llotent is of ciourse 1 n
not pleased with this turn of alffairs wit
that deprives him of his occupation con
e and will no doubt howl Instily. When pro
that class howl it is a sure sign that lean
honesty has got into power again.
as- - a
IIERNDON'S PATENT CHURN we
AT T. IIALLER'S STOVE DE- ad
POT. sir
the
Mlnnchansen, the greatest of mnar
con
relists, hasl been eclipsed at last. We
heard a party relating a "bnflilo sto
ryv," which lie lays down in Texas.
the other day, that completely caps
the Baron in his wildest flights. Hle CE
says; at daylight he heard, while ri
ding on the prairies, a terrible rnmh
, ling noise, and the ground shook asn
if afflicted with a first-class earth
quake. After riding 15 miles hie
came to a bog in which there were a
r thousand dead and bogged Buffailo, ap
and lie learned from a friend on the as
d site, that C.ipt. Mills had chased a
me
gang of Bulfflo numbering, accord
ing to actual count 7000 into this col
e. hog, some 25 feet wide, and that the
I 1000 in front were bogged down im
mediately, while the rernaiing 6000 it
- made their escape by using thle bodies
of those 1000 in the mire as a bridge.
The story wis listenlled to attentively;
' taken down and referred to a Conm
lo mittee of the oldest and most ninscn- f
a- Inr"trnth distorters" in the conmmi- li
Snity; who, after a time, reported tf
th tre whole story wortlhy of thie most to
lie solemn nnd religi,,is credit-except
the width of thie bog; which, in their vil
estimntion, was "a d-d lie." If thIe lr
teller of that Buffalo story will agree gr
Y to widen thie hog to 50 feet, his yarn dI
will be swallowed, Buffailoes, 15 miles, I.
shake, bog and all, by the whole of fo
f this Committee of first-class liars. t'
ill --- TI
r- Champion Improved IUCK'S th
RIRILLIAN' Stoves. BERN- or
DON'S PATENT CHURN, anti S
r all lines of THOUSE FURNIST- "'
Iis ING goods at T. Haller's,
cal -
all Tosr. BotuLT.--Thlis little pink of
eb- Radical rascality, whom we have
beshown op several times as a hrlmumer
a- and a thief, played one of lhis usual
in- tricks which is likely to get liim in
re- trouble. The negro Norbert, who f
maliciously fired flto a pri-vate resi- I
Sdence in this city, was arrested on
Wednesday by order of Judge Sin- .
moons. Bonllt is an office IDepnty 1
for Sheriff larron, and Simmoniis fix- b
ing the trial for next day, Thursday,
turns himi over to Torn Boulnlt, who
releases Norbert om a bond offift!l d(,l
ltars.. Mind you, this deputy Sherciff "
releases a prisoner' on a bond wit lolut
I* I
the orFer of Conrt, arnd fixes, the
anmount of the bond himself. In othlier
words Tomn gloullt is giving sna a taste
of what kind' of governramet Packard
the and his crew would havo doled out e
Lte. had they, nnfotlunately, goit entrrl.
of lIrE plnays- tlo rolb of Sheriff and f
of Judge,; and' releases a prisoner, eharg
ed with a cajital ofeneerthe pmlish- r
nlent for which is ten y3ears in States
the prison and $2000 fine, and tile proof
hen so conclusive thalit there is no escape, i
Rnd upon a miserable bond of $501 tlnhat
ek" has no effect in law.
Ims It is oe, solemn opinion that this I
isi- parish has been afflicted Ibung enough
iliy with the infamous Bouit family, and
ritl the sooner they re themselves out
ted of public notice and ) iquietly retire to
sa- thie rear, thire better fori all concerned.
dic, All thie horror of Radical local role
tie with 8-per cent taxation is intimately
him associated with. thIe Boollt's-they
should recognize that their day ofbthe
, dogs has been had, and-piass out.
that The fifteen days' EXTRA SESIOlN of
ard, the legislature close to-day. When
mo- the smoke and dust raised by the
oor legislators is swdpt awav, we can tell
'what has been done.
The Old Way.
We contend that our City govern
me'nt lhis acted in a very unwise hiA
manner in dealing with the revenues I 1oo
of this city. Instead of "resmling read
cash payments," which they were in npor
n condllition to do at once, they pre'- eago
ferred to "'slilsh alo,ºg" in the old worn the c
.rove of the Natchitoches Philoso- "lusi
Klpt/s, and grind in City Plaper 'gvc
through the hopper amn out at the At
sunt, satisfying themselves with tiil,
hving done passaily well if Ithey ,ove
get no deeper in debt than when they theii
took charge. nry,
Suclh systemn will nfot be at all sat- corp
isf;ctoty, no Imattir how mnluch some dii
ininv contend it will ihe. hail
- 'lherere are many th lings connected otlie
nith the science of filance which lie rev'
- ldeeper than the mnre collection ot indi
1 taxes-with which it would he well for payi
I the lately installed Demnocratic ,ov oldi;
lernllment to becomrite conver(sant. gatil
For instance, the collietio of the cost
taxes are really for other purpoefs that
than that of imaking the scrip go at taxn
Spar. There ae IC'ertaini works of I1an
I public good to be constructed -ot omllic
1 city is to be e(,nhelished ilial aitili- i a
s ed, if we desire to att:act to it lt '- keel
i pie (if thrift ane ialnpital--schools are til" e
to he built and fstered, and a tlonu- shit
s sand other things which n ill add to calli
e the wealth of our citizens aitd the i/en
e rale of their r'opfi!f. minst ie doue. corr
With a properly digested plan of N
finance. closely and ~ wll execurtel . mi i
n there shoulhl e in the City Tren:sury tion
It within 90 days, nearly, if not iqite cott
e lt)lt) in I. S. cnrrency. We are that
e vety sure this would give the coffer a lne
is terrible ase of shakes, so to speak. still
tot it w honl be a new thing to have esc
Ie tone/y there : but it can he done, and gov
s with it the vcal.ation of property oftf
Scould, and should be increased hl ind
n proper management fifty per cent at pay
it least. the
W e make these suggestions simply Soy
as reading matter for the public, for is t
we have not the slightest idea of their rip
adoption by the powers ; and we de ern
sire futther more to hie in ad ;nce of '1
the "I told yon so's" wheni the smash slo
comes, as it will surely come, under col
the oln plan of the "grinding in at Kit
one door and out at the other. po
;\ A SQ.\ARE MEAl FOR FIFTY rid
e- CENTS at Burdilc.'s Boarding hIouse se
Mr. Ben. Wolfson, a yong gentle- ern
man of high standing and "true to ges
the clan," has been appointed Tax but
Collector of Red River parish by elec
e Governor Nicholls. Mr. Wolfson's be
a appointment is one eminently proper, eig
as lie possesses the confidence, res- go
a pect, and esteem of the most solid wil
men of that parish. dia
We searched in vain through the oil
columns of the Conshatta Citizen for ant
te is bit of cheering news, tand think tre
n0 it strange, a localn paper clinming op
Democratic proclivities, should have T
overlooked this piece of cheeriing in
.news to the people of that parish. f
S Th ene fence straddl smelling fr ome
u- afar the flesh pots, has hegulin to shlNo
- his hand, and vaguely whtispers the oti
ed fact, that ''Co m promtise" is the watt
st to settle our present diltlculties.
pt We are fully nwawe that the indi
rir vidual we allide toT has no power to
e brling into play his pet hobby, still it
ee gcsto prove the genus is not yet
in deadt. All these stories of "Compro
mise," and "Wheeler's coming,r arg
of for the purpose of inaugurating dis- t
trust anong and with our people.
There is nu bottom to them, but if
Sthey are talkedt of to any extent some
- one will be seriously hurt in this
nState, and we are preparedl to say it
will not be the Radical thieves.
T, Hltler's Stove emlporiium l
o keeps Hlerndoin's Patent Churn. I
ner List of Arrivals at Principal Holtels.
una Bturdijk.s House,
i1 C. .. Stewart, Paish ; A. 0. Rhode, at
thoParish; Chas. Steward, Tex;s J E. at
,Messi, Parnsh; T. M. Foster, J.W.
0Warri'tl, St. Luis, Mo.: W. T. Par
o tin, Winni, l a.,; Jaeob Kihl, Parish; ti
tn- Miss N. A. Alde, I'ish; Wal ter r
niy Rogers, New ()rleats, La.,; I ,,ar- a
fix- lew, Gramid Ecori' ; S. L. Dickson.
Milford, Tex ; W. T. Munster andg
Swife, St. Louis, M. ; Miss A. ChaTIr
]ho eville, Clountierville, L . ; Joseph
rl;4. Miller, Richmond, Va., I; T. llek and
iff wife, Ft. Jessupl), Ia.; Mrs. . Simo. I
o New Orleans; J L. )anield. Snbint
L, ; Mrs. M. Josepthine Williams,
out es,. parish; C. If. P. Gallien, parish; J.
roh C.. Cammack, parish ; E. Prudhonme,
parish; F. W. BI re, Texas; T. W. ii
and Harper, Tetnas; B. R. Cargis, Texas.
irg- Alf. R. Williams, Shreveport; T.tRach
is- al, Cloutierville. La.; B. F. Woods,
ttes Bayou Pierre; L. Prndhonume, par
ih;. Clemens Perot, parish ; J. C.
roo Leopold, DeSoto; Jno. J. Gordon,
ape, DeSoto; A. B. Prothro, parish.
Wanted to exchange Texas lands
this for Louisiana latds.
gh J. J. McCoo& & BRo.
nd As ouar city fathers have, in their
out wisdom, decided to take in city pa
re to per for ALL-taxes and licenses, it be
ned. hooves some one to stop the bung
role leak that will ocent by this saving at
tely the spiggot. In other words, while
they the collector is takingiothe city paper
now out, some creditor should have I
So injunction issued restraining the
a of city government from giving ot any
ihen more nttil money is in the Treaeury
Sthe to tedeem it,.as~ the law requires.
tell Let's have an observance of law for
ece, at least.
[(Con0iiii iiic te1 . I1
The Only Romecly. l
My views on our ipolitical situation the
R look at it as a gloomy laspect. I i1
Zread all the lipape l'I can i la y my 'eyes
Nupoe, New York, New Orleans, Chli
e ago, St. Lonis, etc., on both sides of
tl tlhe 'estion, and I come to the con- Rod
c.lu.sion that our lRepnhliean florm of f
Sgoverlnment is a t,c!,pid.I1.
e And is now the beginning of the ,D
Send, I dlon't meatn the lparty but the l
Sinovernllent itself. My reasons are
i these : That the ITnited States Treas
ury, State 'Freanry'l , couuties, cii , es id
corporationsl 1k, Ins, railroads and in
e dividuals, tie big average. are in a p
hnrlikript situation. T'"e governlinti :
1 o cll ers hlave sthlcn and spent all tle ti ll
e revenu e. The governmenlllllt as well as
givo
Sindividunals, kept nil their credit, by all I
i paying high interest and 1 igini D ori Dre
obligations, than redeeiing old obli- sto
gat iolns. Every two years election
e acost miore, directly niand indirectly,
lhai can lihe reasonabliillly colcellted by ,ji
t taxationl. II fct, no real honest anl at a
f :ian ifii'd to be ai caindiaIte for anyi
o oIlice beeiaue hie muist lpay too muc('hl
- il advance for campnllaign expensel to
Skeep up p i arlmy. of ox stuflers, cer- of \
' t iente naniOfillturerst I nds bloody St
Sshilt preachers,. lnd all sorts of las or
Scally alnd lazy hanger'-on. The cit- 1pr.
/C izens are sick and tired of the pIresent
. orrullpt, swilnllig goveirnment. low
if Notwithlistandilnug aill gold and silver Sll
1. lines and niinerials of all desclrip- the
l Lions, grain, lbe'f and coal oil anld ýI
c cotton are at least 80 per cent mnore Ie
e thlnane can coisiime. Cotton, to. it v
aI lico, sugarandl rice supply the world, fill
k. still the Amellrielanl peple, with the Ill
7e exception of a few Spenilaltos andll Unl
ll government agents, colltrIctors and I
ly officials, have hard work to get alonig coi
º: and the innsses of theim can not even
at ay the presenlit high taxation on ofl
their homiesteadsl . In the Nortli, WVest, IC
ly South and East is the same cry. Who of 1
or is to blaine for all thlib This cor
ir rnpt, rotten, dishonest, selfish gov- te
e ernlenlt ! ul
of The only remiedy for America is a tll
sh short revolution accompanied ihy a ni
Col
eI coil)) 'Etat, declare anD Amelnrican
at King or Emperor witi constitltional thi
powerC. Repldiate all governmllental 1)
fraudulenlt obligations, you can get
rid of ; make universail laws ; punish w
e severely crimes and frauds ; elect gov- I
e- ernors every ten years ; appoint jdl- an11
to ges, from 33 to 63 years of age. None tP
ax but membersl of the Legislature to be nil,
iy elected every 10 years. Vacancies to di'
b's e filled hv the two ITises. Seven o
r, eights of the people are tired of this ite
s- goverinment. The North lind West C
will i always le trlounlll by the In- seI
dians, calusced by the rohllely of the all
he officials, by swindling the Inlians lul
or andl ib not complying %Aitli thei i
nk treaties in good faitii,. The Siitli is nI
ng Opllressed lby thle nnnatnlal lahs'.. st
ye IThle aenlniiDiments ale iladel to Afric
i auize the South undIlI r tihe ipretence 1,
of the Equal Uiglits bill whiciih nmust,, co
sooliei" or later, Ireak oilt in a, war
i of Iraces. Thie negro clnlment will al
ways be a tool to one party or the 10
Sother. hlis iglnorl'ance is the miain tD
* pelenent, which political thieves mnakeD D
ise of, and in genieral lie is a natural
ileneiy to tile white mnan in the South
ato s the Indllian is to the civilized world. 1n1
t The only remniedy in tihat point is ii
et to give them indlicement to disperse i,
rullgradilly among the different States
are and territories. Slay there are fifty b
States and territories, ship 1000 ne- n
Sgroes eery year froma tile Southl to co
the Northi East and West for five
im years, ,akes 25000 less at the South; i
i keep on that way, aniid immigirationi 1
wit ill come in South nearly as fast as to
tile negro leaves, and both races will
un be belefited, niot only in the South, n
lbut in tile North, West and East also, i
anti will destroy tlhe danger existing s
between white and black. It is an I
i indisputllable fact that a natural jeal
ous.y and hatred exists between white
leg, and black. The 15tlh Amendment e
SE. and the Civil Rights bill, &c., are en- a
Snatural acts and of no effect in prac i
sr; tice. It is only a party measure for
Iter revenge on the Sooth, and makes a
lar- more disturbance and'. hatred than a
1on good feelinlgs on both sides. I
iar The unscerupulonse carpet-baggers
ehl are tile only persons benefited by it r
and pecuniarily. I
- - ~lEY PLArTFOuR,. f
ms, 1. MI tliis country wants is an
hlonef4government.
2. Universal laws, civil and crfm
inal.
g- 3. Ony the President, by consent
Sof the Cabinet, shall have the pardon
W. ing power.,
4iiS 4, Encouragement for manufactures I
ich- and agriculture.
r 5. Discourage unnecessary impor
C. tations of any kind.
doi, G. Divide the black element among
the different States.
nd 7. Make your offices more an honor
and less of profit.
8. Moderate taxation to keep up
necessary expenses.
their 9. Free common schools and com
Spa- pulsory attendance,
tbe- 10. Gubernatorial election every
bng ten years.
g at 1I. County and city officers every
rhile five years,
mper 12. President, king or emperor for
have life, or to the age of 75.
g the 13 All officers eligible from the age
Sany of 30 to 65 years,
Ieary 14 Property qualification and read
ing and writing to vote.
w for 15. Reduction of the Army and
Navy to one-halt,
I6. Full religiois iliblrty. Ijpr
17. All incorporated railroad and Arki
navigation companies to carry the i'r
Ilthe mails free. of p(
li1. All huildings in cities and in- less
corporated towns tmllst le fire-proof, Al
- and built under (the super\'isiiion of a ed ti
urveyo r or architect to protect life it sei
and proplerty. effe
19. Once a defaulter, never to hold '1'
any office. Elec
C 20. Federal jdilges to he appointedl I nti
by Congress-State judges by the I'ii
l ,egislat ulrel. p
21. None but lawyers shall mAke In
' and administer laws. Sant
This mode of government will bring
a tion
peace, prosperily and satisfaction.
andd will pay all strict lionest obliga
tions in less than 15 'veams and will TI
,s of ali
give 11S an honorable standing among of
all nations in pla'e of where we are of a
standing now. We are the laughing P
stock, like Mexico, for all nations.
xxx miitt
- - ---- -- cook
S Jiiust re(i'IveIl a new lot of wagons
Sat. McCook &, lro. 1 hen
v -.
-I Lotusiana Comments. cin
o The fol lowing thoughtifil comments
- of \\'est, ex-ladical Senator front this flli
- State, will not he relisheld by Rural Stat
or State Repl'l licans who howl so "t"ei
l- )-i.stanltly for Pa;ckard : tho
t Vashington, M arch 7.-The fol- that
lowing is wide'ly published : "''Ex- been
Sr "'nator \\'st says tihe inll;ntral of iti
the lpresident ian lite t isted any way
vol choose. In regard to the Pack
l aid igovernmenti, lihe says the only notl
rie iclit to he derived o1l1(ii sustainiing and
a. it wounld ie to keep in positioi fill driv
d foli yearls mnore a haIdftl of office
I hollei(1'. iiand these would of inecessity
llhave to lie kept in power by the li
Id bayonet alone, the
i i in the meantile, the blacks would and
i conltinie to suiler ahnse. lie Iheld
n that the recognliitioni of tihe P'ackarld T
1 rovel.r1nrell t iinvol\ es aI coIitiillation 1
in of the Iantagonisln bletween the two
it. races with such saclilifees on the part Rep
io of thlie weaker as lthey have made di- T
ring the past four years. By its re
rcognition a principlle will lie vinduica- bag'
v ted at the cost of the sulffering of its and
upholders, anlld to the detrinmnt of tho
a the national Republican party. The
llnaintenance of such a iogovernmenl t talk
a colil only lie upihehl bly the bayonet. to I
nn The American people are tired of mos
al this. Its attemplit will drag down fr
il President Hayes' administration, de
t flr the era iof gool feeling and dis- to d
silation of sectional issues to an over- and
sh whelniiig reverse in the colgl'essifon- Soi
- al elections of' 1878, and the complete l e t
d_ and final overthlrow of the lepublican
n 0 party in the next presidential telec- gn
tion. ReIlllillitatism inl the South
be must nimake a new departure. Its A
to division upon the colior line has lie the
e comiie so attelllla;itelii as to rendi er it teel
Sinicapable of self suppoirt. Corruption, l
venality anld alost iiarbrliiism in ltol
Pst ciinparisoi with the populliar idea of ll
i- self goveurnment have rendered it an saili
le absolite farce in thie coniidcet of l{e- of I
n ilil''in institntions. To-day it is co`
is defeated and overiwhlelmniod. If it rc- ann?
'' uogniizes tthe fact orptortinatelly, it Il
is miV rc'tCOVe('l' itself tlirough the Ile'c's- tl
s. sities of the eleniint iof oipposition.
Its iveed ia the re-riiitmlent of new
iiatiria i .- Its crnsCiolilsiess ald till e ass
CC realizlatlion of the fact that it has be- B-'
st. conre t xhlalstel .
ar Senlliator \Vest says all thre evils
al- we may allhiost say horrors--of Loir
isiana of the past fomr' years, must.
the follow any attemrpt to surstaiin upon
[in the point of the bayonet the go\ertn- sch
ike ent of Pa'ickarld tfor the next four jmi
ml years. Let President HIayes andil the ,il
Sentllehldhl their hand, avoid sharp
land irritating islues, leaving to ti iile
I1. and events, rsuch an adjllustllment as do
t is rmay be peaceable in lieu of any forc
rse ible contact of opposing intlerests.
Th'e peace policy caruiot be enfiorced. La
tes It nlmst germllinate flonl inter'est and Ca
ft beconme perfect tll.hrou~gl disinterested- I
ne- ness and the welfare of time peoplle is
to concerned.
We Redfield, of the Cincinnati Colmer- r
tlb; eial, thus works up the Republican
ion opinion North on the Hayes policy
as for the South. go
Will With so-called Replublean goveirn- firl
ith, ment there (tihe sort that has here
, tfo'e existed) these States ihave been '"
isolibels upnl civilization--murider, as- be
ing sassination and Iulldozing rnnnning
i an rampant upon thie onltaide', with no
al- pwer to check it, and fraud. corrup- E
tion andul bribery on thle inside, and F
no power tocheck that eilthlier. HIeav
lent en forbid that we should see the like in
un- again ; deliver us from color line pol
ac itics and black governments.
for As much as I regret the injustice J.
of a State like Mississippi, for in- th
ies stance, "going for Tilden," yet I am N
;han always glad when the white people
obtain control, for I know from ex- i
Tierience that that means a cessation te
gers in a large degree of political murder. II
)y it riots, miassacres and bloodshed, amld
at the same time a mnuch better, high
er-toned, moro economical antid satis
factory local governmeet, antd a great
cr respect for law and enforcement of P
law. I would rather see the voteof ]
rfm- Miississippi cast for Tilden, when I
know that a majority of her voters
sentare not for Tilden, than to see that
State in the condition shIe was under g
don Ames, the two races in bloody an- h
tagonism, riot following riot, rmas
;ures sacre following massacre, a legisla
ture of stupid blacks, a governor who
did not know what to do, and finally
por- did the only thing lie couldl, resign.
Contrast, if you please, the condition e
song of Mississippi now with what it was S
then. t
And for these reasons I hope Nicli
onor oils will be recognized governor of
Louisiana, and stop tire bulldozing, 0
i p murder and complications in thatt
State for nothing else will. The at- 1
attempt tomaintain a so-called Re
crm- publican government there means
endless trouble, the races in constant
very antagonism, and half a dozen mur- s
ders where there" would be but one
if the cause of irritation is removed.
every Let Hampton rule in Soutlh Carolina
and Nicholls in Louisiana, and let's
r for enjoy the luxury of peace in the South.
That will bring peace, and nothing
else will. Bayonets will not, pro
age clamations will not. They do not
reach the spot. Recognize Nicholls,
read- and the "Louisiana ease," which has
kept the country in a tumult, and
perplexed the wisest statetmen for
and ten years, will end in ten days.
There will be peace after the long I
uiproar. jeist as lthere is llow ,pl0ace in A
I Arkans:as, Alabama and MisslssillIi. t'i
ITrust to the futuilre to divide the
white votes. Lett tle negro dropl out
of politics a while, as it will hurt him alrtl
- less than to try to stay iiis . (liss
All this nnd miore ha ieen pileanch- is r
e cl time and again by oar people, and rind
it seermIs now to have taiken sudden Thri
effect on the li:iyls admlinlistration. Box
T The ('ol)lilltee of Pri\vileges and Lea
Elections, ihy a strict party vote, . r
rinthorized the chiiairmani to repoirt iii
f'avor of sentaling Kellogg. Demlocrat'ls l li
presenlt ;a dissiistilng reporlt.
Ii relaitioiin to Loi.isi i anti lives'o
Sont!i ern policy geirnerally, ftilnal ni- ,
tion vias to hi:iae l'beeIr taken ySestelr
day (Fridahy.)
The nllppointll!llent and collfirmatlli lion
of theli IHlayes e;iliet is the evidence
of a victory for the local government 0
p:hlicy of layt s. the
Kellogg's eiedentials were l ccom
mitted. In other words, Kellogg is
coked. ll
Packard telegi'npllihs that lie will let aii
them, (hIris friend here) know what he
can di for them.
- - _-- 1,--
Beainregarid and Eairly, prop tihe
ifalling foirtuines of the Louisiana villel
1State Lottery swindle, and it only
1 needs the Legislature to now say A. 1,
tlironlh the Commnllittee-"-'we find Hi
Sthalit the Louiisiana ~tate Lottery ihas
- been a niº'ot inmlnoral andi swindliilig
if institution, ibut the geintlemen who O
iron' have taken charge of it, had
noitlhing to do with those sW\indlers,
and consequently it is lnon(' as pure as
i" driven snow."
W Where, in the name of Heaven ! is ]
e Washnllurne, that lie does not come to
the front with his tub of whitewash,
and give this swindle a duaub.
( The United States Senate, after
1879, will stand, 45 D)emocrats to 31
,t Republicans. Nato
I
e. The Eastern Democrat as a "gas
t- bag" has no equal. The "patriotisnm
ts and "orve of liberty and country" of .71l
lf those fellows, seems to consists in
It talking abont it, but doing nothing
t. to protect or save it. The last and
f most idiotic suggestion to us comes
jn from the New York World, which is, A
. to draw party lines and fight ItSyes
r- and his policy, right or wrong. The e
- Southerin Demnocrats promptly refus- t
ed to do any such thing, and we are -
c. glad of it.
ts A correspondent who has visited
t the girave of Aindrew Johnson, nine
it teen miionthl after his interment, ex- I
pre.~.~i his siurprise and indignation
i, to find tile tomrli nnmarked and ni- It
of lhonorred. The rrrounds were in the loll
inl sarie conditionn lhey were at tirhe timi e n
. of his burial. A little wooden shied f"
is covers the Crnaves of the ex-President
c tind his wife, who lies lhuriried at his
it side--n Ilich side is the q(rlestion for
n. riither lgrave bears a single nimark.
a. - - ,~ -- _- -
Flrniitlre of all kinds antd a full
he assortment of Goodls at McCoook &
e- Bro.
- SPEII, B[SIEWSS IMEiTION.
ist Ms. M. A. ALisox has opened a
:n- school on St. Denis street, for boys
mr aind girls, whelre Englishll and French Fi
ie will be traughit. For tllerms apply to w
i'll iMr's. AIrusox, at hier residence, next
as door to thire Land office. La
rc- St
ts. M. F. Manchelin Esq., Attorney at S
ed. Law, Winnfieldl, Lit , publishes his fo
nd Card in thie Vindicator to-day. Mr.
Mal nclihen is a sterling gentleman and -
fully deserves thire patronage of the
public. All mnater~s comnriitted to
his care will receive prompt attention. ca
icy Our friends ini the vicinity of Mont
gomery will find iin )r. M. Ai. Dunnn a
tn first-clases physician, although a youngI
ee man, and one in whom confidence can i
as- be confided. See Dr. Dunn's card. B
no The Free Warehouses at Grand
Ip- Ecore have botlih suspended, Mr.
und French retires and goes into business
like in this city.
nol- R
The Law Cardt of our old friend M.
tice J. Cunningham Esq., will be found in oi
in- this wee's issue. He is located in
am New Orleans, and we hope and be- -
ex- lieve our friends will be but too glad
tion to give hiur all thire business they can.
ir. lie deserves it certainly at our hands,
aRdI for more reasons than one.
tis
eat- r. Rudd calls attention f hiis
t of Picture Gallery on St. Denis Street.
e of MIr. Rudd is an Artist of no mean
ii ability, as we know, and those who
ters
that desire life-like, lasting, and really
idergood pictures, must not fiii to give
ai- him'an early eall.
isla- A NEW IlORSE REM.EDY.- Little as
lo many tlhink, it is proved by experi
S ment, that by mixing with one feed c
tion each day, about ii tablespoonful of
was Simmous' Liver Regulator, holrses I
that are let.down will itllprove in
c healtlh, becomne hearty eaters, shred
ing, off well, and get in condition sooner
that tian by any other remedy. It slight
at- ly moves thi bowls if given in larger
Re doses, and is easily administered by
itant mixing trhe powder with thire food, for
runr- stock will eat it. Major Bacon, tirhe
one great stock farmer of South Carolina,
ved. uses it for stock and chickens with
let's great success.
hing Parties having purchased the
pro- right for HERDON'S IPATTENT
rot Cl a N, are informed that T. HAL
hLas LER, Tin and Stove dealer on
and Washington Street, is prepared
a r to supply them with Churns com
long plete, on demand.-Ad.
A NEW~ .11'; I1111) iiat
Cnlrr,
Col l, ('old l~ Ifl fli it and Ca
and Lung !Ieuliuug ClolOifics Ast
(ii solie in vonr loon ti. a liuanun,
i.-I genfratedl and ir1ialod, Ilt-alcit
and i'omitnl in iliect contact, will r nru
I'Tb toot and Liot t O!ieasef, Teal
oxes, by niii, .. 1i)r. *J. Ij*
I Lean, 314 ('luteslnu 't,, St. Lnolil
at I i 4li~rI·. Ala
t il tS is hip T til "a Ita! I I it. dti rft.,il n
ishll \ . 1 . ti, s1 i wI~t:11 t 11TU, ,fej
i"I Ii " FEm zi
" ~f lbi iltll ntl , !rt: with t{~" r, 1 ah" -1 P·: 1 ih.,
h", V.itý. and h. i 'rn (P . I' it hii'\ l r.l hii bh
lntý i'in11nI U~u~i~tý t is « iuhr rtlin
rlt " :111. anal ill ., II1 I"'L'F.F: the (1.9.
G ?- fiet -oILI' prlltng done a
the VTNDIcATo'1 dJ41 Office.
Married.
IWECK-STMON-In New Orleats od
Wo. litisi1.i 11. di 7th. i.'nn, byt~o ReF.
i1'\ \V tI fltI' ,. Lt.
ý.t\CI-:tO1 t tI t -InS Cf'loptle
Viii.e. La .oil I'll tty.I;i , March 8tit, I~
,- X.IIt t.%. oi1 FdLtt IIuttnt 1 iott;c, to Mji4
Died.
n01 lridlav. M~larch 9th, 1877, DR. O. C
(TIN.XNNGI[A3. a,_,v 3 :,a
S"cv irIIIr ve nti•
Pictures !
Pictures !!
Pictures!!!
You can hlave Thrcc Card Pictures takl
for FIFTI"Y 'INTS, on St. Denis street,
Natchitochcs, La.
A. G. RUDD,
Photographer.
,I. J. CtUP '°I. tr'GHei f,
Attorney at Law,
44 Carondet Street, NEW ORLEANS, LA.
.71. F. .IVACliE. '
Attorney and Counselor at law,
WINNFIELD, LA.
AT LL Business confided to his care will
r( receive prompt attention.
MILTEAN A. BUNN,
Physician and Surgeon,
Miontgomery, La.
To the Puiblic.
Ini view of rnemoval of Free Ware
houset at this point we again offer our
serv\ices to the public as receiving and
forwardi, mreha.'nts.
t 'lThankful foir past favors respectfully
solicit a continluance of your patronage..
IR espectfully,
r CIIAMBEIrS & BARBEE.
Grand ELore, March 14, 1877.
THE NEW STAND,
1. Perini,
On St. Denis Street.
Finest Old COGNAC BRANDY, Pured
WHISKIES, First-class WINES, Impor,
ed and Domestic CIGARS and the
Lager Beer EMPORIUM of the City.
St. Louis and Milwanlkee creamy beer oa
ti). Drink and grow fat and nevf
forget A. PERINI.
Feb 24. tf
FROM HER ASHES.
The Phwnix has put on new life and noo
caters for public favors.
J Warren Suddath
has taken charge and DAN now dispeni'
the choicest
BRANDIES,
WHISKIES,
LIQUORS,
CIGARS,
RICi' S'it` LOUIS BEER ON DRAFF.
Don't forget, ye thirsty, the PaHT
I on St. Denis Street.
Feb. 2-1ly
Steam Saw M11.
J. H. STEPHE.NS,
(Scren Miles South of KlatCeitochei)
JAS ON HAND and is prepared to ft'
11 uislr on short notice all kinds of tle
BEST QUALITY OF
ellow Eleart
PINE LUMBER,
Has well stocked lumber yard in thir"
d city and at Mr T. Chaler's, on Cane ri,
)f er where parties can have orders filld'
SIpromptly on application.
PRICE:
d Five to Ten dollars per M. at Mill.
Fourteen dollar per M. in city yard..
r Address,
J. H, STEPHESS,
At Mill.
)r Or J. C. TRICHEL,
e Natchlitoclies,
a, And T. CITALER,
F PIeb. 17-1y. Cote Joyense.
JOSE PH C. KEYSER,
t6 -
Bricknmaker ajd Layer.
L- 1 PREPARED to do all work entrusted
D to him quickly and in a workmaulike.
munner. Tomllb, Chimlneys, Cisterns and
td other work solicited.
Orders left at BUII,LAIRD & CAMLP
BELL will be promptly attended to.
Jan. 27, Is.