J,,; 1I. CORSGRE, O .... Editor.
NATCHTITOCHES
r'T'1IAY - - - May 22, 1875.
Advertising Rates.
WARM, ... . , .. ..
?qur as, I E 0
Ssquare.... M 4 00n ? 50 j10 $o15 00 O$07 0')
2,squarea... 7 Oo 3 0 15 04 2 n0 0 $: st
1sclnares... 10136 13 0' 8 00 23 0! 3A0
twquarey... 14 S 1) ý02 01) :o- cu 15 On
Squrtce.... 170'; 2 01 27 01 35 0) 40 00
Tsquarwi... 0100 24 (M 33 00 40 00 45 00
7 aquare'... 2370 .:7 00 36 0ii 50 00 70 00
8 squnr s$.. 2600 31 00 40 00 05 oft 0 00
10 squtarea... 3+/ 00 3.5 00 51 04) r,- (h 1(:5 00
15 squares... 4501) 6) O 70 00 100 on 123 00
30 squarns... (') 10 R0 00" . On 1`25 00 150 00
Trantielt aII ertinren.u llta $1.50 per :l:gurer oIf
10 lines Brow'tro, tirrt ihoelolnrl. Eclh slbso
qqeathprtiP rr75 cnutU por squlare.
OUR JOB 09F|€lf is supplied with a
greatvarrlety 6d" type, and work in this depart.
menat perFarmed with neatnoss and at modor.
ate prices.
TerriT, CA9I on dgliveryv of work.
Rtates of Srbscrpttlen.
One Copy one year.. .................... $3.0
One Copy six months .....................2 00
(Pa3htblo i 1 advance.)
Joh J. "Herbert, is our duly authori
gtoelitvelling agoftt
Notice to Contributors.
..N communications will be published
unless accompanied by the author's real
name. But one side of the sheet to he
witteu upon when oont to us for inser
Ariceles to be short and to the point,
to haVM.attention.
These are our rnlos and' they must be
striotly adhered to.
Pre~niums to Subscribers.
The Vindicator Will be furnished to
sbseribers at the following Tates.
1 year. .................... 3
6 dos.., ...... ................ $2
No'uobscriptioh received for less
than six mont~hs.
S4'LL-SUBSCRIPT1ONS INVARIABLY IN
Swill funi to ach yearly sub.
msiter a magnifient Steel Engraving
1 x24 inhese. Now is theo time to
subwitbe--write to oar Editor for
ib te is,u iwhibch we: offer special
iiabie!mentea.
PaMR " 0x IU wrait
3e Aa
- be-~
NOTICE.
' 8nsp~bordering JOB
WORK frnm this Office,
rust pa f4or the same on
delivery of the work.
- No devtion from this
ride.
.,Bhe steamer Bart Able arrived at
GO d'Eahd re ou time Tuesday morn
iat+ )a..I Her polite and attentive
o res ave .our thanks for' files of,
laetpapers.
kAtding to lah accounts 726 can
dIl&tf iad been nominated for 'Proe
aid et in 1876, ijy the epuntry press.
T1!oseabalaxri of names is now ex
hAs ted, to .we see that one little
sheet away ,ii ii'`thie "'frzenti'ond"
h+ osi d'. snmoeof John imjih.
r.c. +,GgQriortha, aertt in the Mays
S ahtriekal of thelhdrse, is now In ofrk
:e a . hing nchlas'desire, the man
i- eanimals. We learn
r be .vlatqueiended 'eu-President
ev r- ,e a :-k a, by the citisens of
Sl.the late Houstoz Fair, was
og .to hinIelf, no doubt, as
+;.h `to.o t he friend- .of that pa
Ui. 8 nitleman all over the Soutl..
;. weo  ae the return of our
SfeId-dllowt-citens, Mayor
.+ +: + D, arg , ,.1. 1. E. Burke,
4,Carer, ne.. F. Laplace and
+ d1 o i kIng weltland, much pleas
att `ti"ei: 1t.. t i to ..e. Or
li;'bas.itution, as "elates to our city
g ntes t, remains -s at lait wri
St tlibi : l fDe .p'rtiaertzmliinthm
and we feel assured that ia Sfa and
d egi)a~ d 'AAAM on thbe ht of.otr
P dpq rw .ng? d a relief frpa tle
s wthatp M rateM te.
"gs1saa oir thanks,
woell not alarm;
t 'that fonei nov
h oljc =teudencie.
S :rt . t..rkedi; now :, we
. . e•d ' Yl :.. .
+l a i(*: a
.'++ ++ .,. ,
+,+!+44
'l , A*+. 4: . *]-'
Democracy and Radicalism.
The skirmishes and slighli engage
ments now being fonght: by the dem
ocracy with republicanism, in the
Northern, State and manicipal elec.
tions, all tend to encourage the dem
ocracy in a high degree.
New IHanipshire, although the third
term and Southern outrage business
were serverely denounced, and the
contest made squarely anti-adminis
tration, the republicans lost when it
came to National aflhirs, and in the
State election, had nothing to brag of.
But Connecticut, swamped as it
were, the entire concern, showing
that the mighty tidal wave was still
sweeping on, notwithstanding inde
pendents and others, whose hate for
Democracy in the abstract would
make them almost lose their liberty
before they would acknowledge the
justness and patriotism upon which
those principles were founded, made
haste to tell the world that the over
whelming victory of the Democracy
could not be attributed to the "sound
ness of the doctrines they enuncia
ted," but that the people were "tired
of the rule of radicalism."
Even so, bjpt at the same time why
has not this movement, this "tire
some affair," been checked ? Still
the mighty wave rolls on and threat
ens to ingulf all parties, all men in
its march; the march of the bone and
sinew of the country, tired of the
worship of false Gods; tired of jack
a-lantern patriotism; wearied and
worn out with jobbery and thieving
in high places, to a return to first
principles-those principles for which
the founders of the Republic con
tended, and which they left for our
enjoyment.
Much has been said and much
more written about "progressive par
ties"-'+men of advancing ideas;" in
fact of all those new theories, whose
practice for the past few years have
wrought such a mighty change in ,hu
man affairs, and this pet parhj of the
American people has been extolled
to the sky, as a part and parcel of
the mighty dreams of Mills Vaughn
and Huxly.. This republican party
has been shouted over, praised, and
even worshipped by Americans in the
madness of the hour, as a thing of
God-like attributes and power. How
sad must be the awakening from this
rose-tinted dream; what must be the
feelings of those whose faith led them
to prostrate themselves in the dust
before this bright shining idol, to see
it stripped of the thin painting with
which human imaginatioq, human
bigbtryhad enveloped it, and it stood
forth to'the gaze of the common horde
in nll its naked deformity, reeking in
tlie oon-day sun of honest, healthy
public opinion, the thing, that like
the wooden horse of Troy, we were
upon the point of demolishing our
walls to admit within the citadel of
our liberties.
All the good the Republican party
has done this country has been more
than reqmted by thie horrors of its
reign-by the indignities, outrages
and debts it has heaped upon the
people. The genius of the age mighlt
have dema'nded the abolition of slave
r, but nature itself would., shrink
with horror from the murder andpil.
hlag of the Southern people, and the
destructiqn of the lierties of the iahites
of 4he entire Union to accomplish it..
History will accord no blame to
Robespierre and Danton, for their sac
tlom iU demaniding and asserting, the
lib~rty.0f the French people; but all
cehristians consign the memory of
these men aid their followers, to
eternal obloquy for their reign of
blood and terror; no matter what
causes might have existed; no mat
ter hiow muich Frenchmen might have
suffelted,' pi the moral world must
ever be shocked by snch barbarous
retribution as that which was meeted
out to Louis XVI and his nobles.
Will impartial history not consign, to
the same fate those, who,from a false
spirit of philanthropy, augmented by
a bitter hatred to the South, wouald
cosign to a worse fate ten millions
of widtes, tieir own flesh and bleed,
in granting freedom to four millions
blacks t :
i The bitter and malignant per~sen
* Tfostered and. kept: 8live in ;he
breast of the American people by
this Rhpublican:party, has spent it
self, and the eyes of all, now being
oijan behold the 'yawning chabsm of
dse.sptlsm at their feet. T'e folloi
fuittt thle mandates ,of p i part'
and theo dictates of ihts leaders, is to
Splunge tlzneselvs into slavery. This
is sfle r~Casn for thi'mighty reaetion ;~
it ip but history repeating i~tlfi; tliht
the. Ameri~aa peeple have irashiedt
blindly ft excearses which they are
hasteiinn6 coreet wiith that rapidt
'htintiitianlmitj that itheir o~ htif
'J,49PrdaJ., There a, 0 .@ ciu
the evils of 'the Repubicln party;
Wiithst itself; already has the .poitidel
Sguillotine been at 'workl hijon thoge
--'gi~T aetioter nen' -wr bad' the .e
$umner, Trombull, .4 , .lrtes,
ie.id, and a hpst oa o!~b tx hav, felt
"the ae" and are ,aow lwadeling
emijBatb " from their :-t)ty. ' The
iighL  r of t...e i . n, -vit o
troy the enemies of country and in
dependence, who have so long used
and shamed Aiuerica nnd the world,
under the guise of the Republicanl
Be United-Be Firm.
Never before in the history of Lou
isiana has an occasion existed when
the patience ot a people was so rude
ly tried as now ; and where fortitude
and forbearance was so greatly de
manded. After being tried in the
furnace; passing through such times,
the thoughts of which are enough to
make one shudder a greater selfdenial
than ever, is now required, of our peo
ple. The motto of "try, try' again,"
will now become us:properly.
We think much over this when we
hear so many of our friends speak
despondingly of the situation and so
hopelessly of the future. This, to us,
is childish, and unbecoming the pa
triot sons of Louiaiana ; heroes of the
suffering rule of radical thieves, and
plunderers for seven years, should not
be cast down whn when we 'are upon the
eve of success, although, through
mistaken judgment, our friends should
have caused us, by false 'promises
from our enemies, to pause in our
.advance to victory.
Now is the time to try pure patriot
ism; the time when we should be more
united, more determined than ever
to secure the boon. foi which we con
tend. Individuals, pure and.patriotic,
may, from mistaken policy, stray off
in search of succort' for our people,
thisjs no reason we should ,denounce
them or dispair of ultimate victory in
the end. 'The great cause for which
we contend should ever be in our
minds. Tioe grand prineiplcs, the
success of which should eves animate
the bosom of all who desire to be free
'must over lie our gniding star. Prin
ciples% not men, are whait we contend
for and no one should despair of gain-,
ing ultimate success. "
Examples are not wanting in his
tory to show how perseverance in the
end achieved success over almost
hopeless obstacles; but .with us,
the prdspbits, although Beoemingly
gloomy, are brighter and more cheer
ing titan for any time: within, the
past eight years. Our ranks are solid
and determinationi fird ; the 'cause
for which 'we contend, is hnorable
and just and we. have the. approving
aeelamatioh' of our fellow-citizens all
over the Union. Look theda to what
our enemies contend for ; 'iothing
save a continued reign of plunder;
their ranks are shattered andl broken;
the are convicted"' and :bctdemned
by all honest -men; our banne1'is
planted upon .the outer works .apd
with one more charge the citadol is
our own.' ""
Let no one iatternpt to divido us,
such would be fatal; let therebe no
murmuring, such gives assurance to
our foes; but let all be united,' be
determined to achieve for ourselves
and our country that liberty which
the God of nature.has planted in our
bosoms arid which the principles of
true government demand.
When Vice-President Wilson via
its the South, or "al3r' "ther man"
North' say. anythfbg im! comhdiment
to us, not in. complimoent, '.but. the
trunth,,e tee that some, and we are
pained to say many, begiti the "slob'
bering'business--coxaxapplamdefai'i
on-the-back style way of sioiying. to.
those:peeple hormnch we love t!hem
and their trays. This is tihe veriest
stuff, and we are painfulty sick of it.
We veptureo to say that .when Gov.
Allen or S..eator Thhaman: or anyo
Democrat eoes South; 6tit one-half
the 'attention is .showni themt th
would be to a, dirty Radiocal--Kelly,
for instance. Now this twaddleeo1
sensible plen won't do. 'Theda e
eantilng Republicans sO not "oi0r
lveirs" from convictio,; as long as
it paid, they hated nu,bat now,.knowi
itig ;oar'eay, gullible nature, they
begin to tell us all' wanner of funny
stories to get tla in a.g.od bhmor.
The very fact oftheir conviction is
owing to S, pressure of ytpqibli opln
in brug a bh Cb ni manly timmod
ad a free exprueion4~ oppinioaudn
we would desire to dee the. Demoerate
of"te Bouth naiutnat, at east, their
We understand that the Kellogg
appeinteesr , representing themselves
as thraE gal PollteeJTy of this pr.:
isl" will"''roa -i m bgyi tIe (Mart.
to conatest rights fpthe,.eas wElth
the EitBye Plolice Jury. 'rlbia ire
think, sets at 1 tes qheet, bf tbsi
we opin.will be. developed to itsa 
Sc1mo I'rt~lP. -..;ga, wo....,1 p c... ,
linag ltop.tl o u&g bseaklag, dr4, 4te
morethan plaaed with th~naveSst
I puent. 4o illightt tdif$
bor Tb:PProfepY'will ate
of ttiistektlapll
"main t isekitageSLv
=  i ·~t'r' ffi/n; 'ru,
JOHN C. 3RECTENRIGE
TI no more. in the 17th inst., lie de
parted this lift at his. Cottage home
in his native : lace, Lexington, 'Fay
etle county, K ntucky.
When a ma i like Gen. Bnecken
ridge dic., it i a loss to his own im
mediate neigh orhood: and particular
friends which they ltecl deeply, and
gradually the wave (of grief widens
from its cent. r and permeates his
country, his rate, his nation, until
flnally distant and fo, tign countries
take up the fu sezal cry and echo pray
ers for the res of hit,:noble soul.
At a very e rly age ho gave prom
ise of a futui life Mf extraordinary
brilliancy amn usefilness, for at the
tender years f eighteen, he could
have graduate I at Center college with
the first how lrs, but was persuaded
to postpone t e takink of this degree
for two year . Soots after leaving
college lie he wa admitted to the Bar,
and directly quired a large and lu
crative . pract ce in co-partnership
with another distingiished member
of the prof ssion,f Slack Kinkade.
Shortly after his he ;vas put forward
by the democ tie party to represent
the Ashland District in Congress,
from whence o denoocrat had been
sent for many years. The old Clay
whigs at that lime, thonght it was a
piece'of temez ty on tbh part of the
young demoer t, andi laughed at the
idea that he c uld thiclk of defeating
them in their stronghold, but defeat
them he did, a d serv d his two years
with fidelity nd ability in our na
tional Congr s, anui was again re
nominated for re-elec.ion. This time
the whigs put forward their best man,
and as, before, Gen. It eckendrige was
returned with an ingeased majority,
and from that time hIs popularity be
came national, for at the next Presi
dential election he 'is placed on the
democratic ticket for hezo second place,
and was agaii elected, and all of us
can remember with v hat dignity and
distinction hb perfoimed. the fuuc
.tions of so exhalted 4 position incum
bent on him 1s President of the Sen
ate of the 11nited States; At the
unext eledtion he wjs placed on the
ticket of the Statees Right party for
the highest place. But alas! the
dark clouds of revhlution obscored
the star of his destiny, as likewise
the fate of the So4th, whom he so
gallantly served bath in the field
and in the Cabinet, and they have
gone down hand anal hand together,
he to an untimely` grave, and the
Solith to a degradction worse than
death.
!"All cold, the hand !hat soothed Wo's
weary hepd!
And quenehed the ey , the pitying tear
that shed!
And mute the voice whose pleasing as
cents stole,
Infusing bala 'into tle rankled soull
O,.Death! why arnu with cruelty thy
powe, •
And spare the idle weed, yet lop the
flower."
The love and veneration for laws I
enacted by Kellogg, now that he has
Sbeen "recognized" and goes swinging
'"around the circle," by the people at
large, in poor, piti'ol Louisiana, we
fear is sadly lacking. Kellogg must
do something to "'stir us up"-some
thing to give ns a kindly and wer-]
;shilping feeling for the Codes enact
ed. Suappose----well supposee, he ap
Ipoints, or attempts to appoint some
oGlTLEMAlf to execute' those laws,l
ind it 'ay beothat aiore heed will be
Spaid to them. Try it just once Gov
ernor to see "how the: thing works,"
Sand, notwithstanding that New Or
leatis and soeus'iejAer places, h'ave
made themselves ali right in the love
ly "adjustment," we don't think any
oneuwill be particularly 'angry with
yon. Be reasonable once, old bhy,
but if it don t, why -yo must "weed
,your own ow,t: and before yon "chop"
long you'll f$fud odt that "comprom.i
ses.and adjustment4" do not by any;
Smeans begin 'to givue "bottom" to a
frandulent Statfe gogrnment. "When
yoS find the place turn down the
page and niake a neite of it."
RA.fxo rPA SSON sRONG on DEATH.
-"After tw Coan asfonl. commit.
tees and the' whole poetall e North;
liavedqnourced. .e !g and his gov
ernment astfnul ot ge,, and the acts..
of the 4th .JTnuary,;i1875 an innova
tion upon Aerihcau llbert7 not. to be
countenanced by A'nricga citizens,
we see e that tie, Kellogg, has filed In
;the daee of Vailghnu!vs. Kellogg, per
in'ptory ej eption( on the grouimd
,u'pon which ihe use the troops, that
he was iting .in Bs oFeial capacity
as Governet' to *sintai-s the Slate
Itvernment, This i~ a cerious posi
I'ti ''o take, to esy.~he lea otof it, ip.
t:'fa·ie of eh overwjelmling lpablio
.opinion, and, although his judge 'wll
sustain his Ip!ea, we imagine it will
de Keth1gg' lgttle good.l as. matter of
record at hn e or abroad. It goes to
l sl0w, howewr, wkfat little ef'et pub
.lie opinion, no mattdr *hes 'or: hb6r
expressed, ha. Qmn'o .he~ie Carpet
Sbatggenr in power, they cling to their.
idols, d tloe "'rufnlg passion re[
:mains," asa esee ' tlm !ndwtlna'e,
i"atroug'n debti." : .
; :n ou~- ';i. -. '-i-l. i .bro r.I
t1pz from NeoQrleamus, we learn that
Ithe idttrem in that 'aety, botlequent
te lp.l . aengendered ,by bhad
p no * .ent, hrd to c- teqlates;
vihtl C h., i u, risti uirig will
The Anti-Radical Candidate.
A member of the Cincinnati press,
writing from Kentucky, represents
Mr. Beck, M3. C., as expressing his
opinion on the ditltereut Democratic
candidates for the Presidency, a Il
lows:
"The way the tide has set in every
thing seems to be directed toward one
man. You have Allen and Thurmaan
anl Pendleton up there in Ohio. and
Hendricks in Indiana. Hlendricks
ruined Pendleton's chances in 'u;d, so
I that both are out of the question.
Thurman has been distanced by Al
.len because Allen canme in at the right
'ime .and rescued the Democratic
party from complete annihilation.
You will nominate him for Governor
again this fall, of course, and if you
elect him by a good maujority-say
forty thousand-all hell itself couldn't
defeat him for the Presidency. I can
I ot say he is my choice for the place.
II would rather have a younger man
chosen, not because Governor Allen
is not a hale, vigorous man, and per
fectl3y competent to discharge the
duties of the office of President, but
because, if elected, he would be apt
to gather around him a class of ad
visers who are old like himself, but
who are not content to let the dead
past remain buried. lie would call
in, I am afraid, the mean of reminis
cences, and would have this or that
wrong to bring up from their memo
ries. That is not what we want.
The Demnocratic party must look for
ward, not backward. It must grasp
the future time instead of recalling
the past if it expects to have its lease
of power, now just commenced, con
tinned. Allen is an able mant, a man
without stain, and in all respects,
save this, a suitable one. And if he
is elected Governor this fall by a good
majority, he can't be beaten next year
for President."
"But how about Tilden 1"
"Oh, he's out of the question. The
Southttnd West will have the*unam
ing of the candidate-you can't keep
it from them if you want to-and no
Eastern bond-holding candidate will
stand any show whatever."
The question of Railroads in Lou
isiana is now assuming some definite
shape. Heretofore large and extrava
gant State aid has been offered and
accepted by corporations, with no
practical result save to swindle the
people of the State out of millions in
Bonds. We see now that New Or
leans; its merchants, bankers and
capitalists, agree to subscribe and
pay $1,500,000 to complete the Mobile
& Texas road, and also the road from
New Orleans to'Shrevdport.
When this is done, we look for a
rail read and with it the usual pros
perity attendant upon such improve
ments.
We are pleased to note the im
provements going on upon the farms
in our parish, which have, in fact,
sprung up within the past twelve
months. Plank fencing, substantial
ly built, is rapidly superceeding the
old Virginia rail; frame houses, neat
and comfortable, with brick chimneys
and glazed windows, meet the eye
every where, and they are with white
and green paint a pleasing contrast
to the break down log cabin with
stick and mud ehialoney. The laborer
is more out of politics now than at
any time since "freedom," as they
say, andl the most sensible of them 1
will tell you that they "have had
their eyes opened." Bad government
Sand ruinons taxation can be demon
strated to colored men as well as
white, and when the "shoe begins to
pioch" they are as ready and willing
Sto kick as any. Crops, although
Sbackward, are in flne condition, and
our farmers generally hopeful,.
We again appeal to our white citi
zens throughout the parish to fail not
Sin filling out and returning the blanks
- to the Census taker appointed by
SGov. ellogg. There is a deep laid
Splot to swindle in this matter, whieh
Sthe whites ean thwart by not being
Sremiss in their duty. By making up
a negro majority, which will be at
I tempted, and nothing left untried to
effect, the Kelloggites hope to pro
duece an impression that they are re
r ally in the majority in the State, thus
I viodicating the crimes and outrages
I of 1872 and 1875.
SWhen you refuse to ill out the
blanks handed youa you do just what
the Radicals desire you to, and as
the old adage goes, "bite your nose
- to spite your face." [
Capt..Eads and Col. Andrews have
arrived in New Orleans to inaugurate
work on the jetties, and deepen the
Soath pass outlet of the.Mississippi
river . An ovation was tendered
them by the mnaleipal authorities
apad the Board of Trade and te eiti
i ans of New Orleansa, seems willing
Sto heartily co-operate: with these gen
tlemen to further and comilete the
Sjetty system. . .
Prof. William Creiglih'ton. has open
Se.d a writing school in our eity, and
a I invites the attention of our citizens
1 thereto. Prof. Creightonhas exhlibit
I ed his qualifleations as a penman,
If and those thliat we have seen cannot
l certainuly be eicelled. We cordially
- recommend him to parents as a gen
r tleman fully competent to instruct
-i their youth in chronography.
S Leaving aside the fact, that "threats
Sare idle" in agreat measure, we would
beg to state to many of our people,
that what they say, in an agry and
un agarded moment, is often repeated
t to persons who are not of no, by
t those who, too eowardly and pusilan
t imous themsaelves to meet a foe, are
i ever temporizing; ever ready to see
I quarrels and difficulties in tolhicl they
- wil itake o part. We treust that in
a this leeture to ourfriends, short as it
I is, "a wotad to tie wise will te saf
Aflcietn" "
All true people of the South, , illI
read with sortow, the following from 1t
the New Orleans Bulletin, 14th inst., 1
in relation to the gifted, honorable
and greatly beloved son of the Sotlth,
Gen'l. John C. Breckeuridge, of Ken
tucky:
"'Frol dispatches received Wed
nesday night we learn that the last
hours of tihat noble soldier and chiv
alr'ous gentleman, Gen'l. Jolhn C.
lBrcke'nridtge, are fast approahing.
lie has been ill for some time past,
and the real cause of his sucllr'ing has
been a matter of much debate. Au
importanlt surgical operation lately
perfoirmed by I)r. Gross, of Philadll
phia, and Dr. Sayre, of New York,
served to convince these gentlemen a
that the true secret of his sufferings
is that it is the sequence of a blow I
received from a fragment shell during
the war.
The fieeble condition of Gen. Breck- I
inridge prevented the completion of º
an operation which might have been i
productive of the most satisfactory I
results, and now the melancholy fact
stares us in the face that the South
era people will, in all probability, t
very shortly lose another of the most I
zealous patriots and warmest friends
that ever lived within the borders of
their sunny Southl;and. Indeed, it
is more than probable that before our
readers have perused this brief notice
the soul of John C. Breckenridge may
have taken its flight to the land be
yond the grave.
It is not alone the State of Kentuc
ky that will mourn his death, for it
was not alone for her he exercised his
great talents as a soldier and orator.
He doubtless dearly loved his native 1
State, but hig great loved encompass- 1
ed the entire Sonth, and for her ihe
Slabored and tought, and it is from the
entire South that a requiem should be
chanted to his memnory, or let us hope
a prayer of thankfulness be breathed i
for his recovery.
Dissipation brings its excuses as
I well as regrets, and we often smile I
at the sly dodges that' are every day
practiced by.those who are its vota
ries. "Dining with a friend" (hic) is
a played. out tnorceat in. this quiet
town, and a patent right is claimed
by more than one,. for sprained an
kles, slight fevers, sick headache,
billious attacks, and ouionuiMydlear.
Well, men will be men, 'whether whis
ky is good or bad, and to drink it is
a human weakness that all love, not
"too wisely but too well." From
present indications a monument of
blue-mass and crutches the "cure
all" of "fevers and sprained ankles,'
to say nothing of the pedestal of on
ions, sWill- soon be erected in memory
of departed drunks, not with the
hope, we trust, they will retuln
again.
Is it not remarkable what an
effect the administration of a
slight dose of pap' has upon the
tone of such journals as "live by
the fraud." We could name more
than one .who were wont to give a
"Kellogg's minions hell," so, to
spak, in times gone by, who are a
now as meek and lowly as lambs. a
The truth i's, the3y have come to lie I
with a small animalwith long earns
that is clothed in a skin bearing I
the semblance of a mane. When I
patriotism is so low in journalism
as to be silenced with "soft soap," :
what hope can be entertained for I
a man's "potato patch."
Of all the exchanges that comes to 1
us froii New Orleans, thf2uaie suits
us best. For tone, sound judgment
and reliabilitycoinmend us to its col
urns. It has been a "growing freitld"
with our people, snore and more ap
plauded foir its ability, aid o eught,
after by all as the paper to read. As
a large number of ioar dcitLens are
subscriblipg to city papers, we beg to I
call their attention tQ thfa, fact that 4
the Imese is a papeas, jidging from its 1
tone and the ability displayed .in its
management, untramelled by outside
influence but is conducted for theim
benefit of the peope and in the Ister
Seat of those who pay to support tihe
goverameat.
The Mindea Democrat seems ex
orcised at unoe hitherto unknown
hetetof radical groelivitie, by name,
"1,,l7 Herald," for being clamorous
against Kellogg forgiving the public
,printirg -to a Democratic paper in-:
Istead of one of the faithfl. The i
uquestion from an outside stand-point !
i is qaite amusing. The Demoerat says
I the arerld is an "unknaown and in- i
a ignifileant sheet," we think, pardon us
Sfor our candor, that if the geas. is
: all this, how stands the Democrat t If
- wantof "notoriety and insignifigancee,"
a particularly the itter, are the: ques
tions at issue, although we have nev
erns.p the BeraF. we are i:ndonbt,
extrnmse doaubt, upo"n whies si16; to
determine. . T.~:,iluMinaden I r)etc4
has never, to our knowledge, evinced
"significance enough li "ibarn up an
, ocean"; and since bain . ellsitionm of
I the right by lcpll~kgh ' Adivine," to
publish judicial ad'vertisements, we
t may look for at least a mpaudlin dis
play of sympathy for that delectable
cuss. DeuicrSt, old boy, whe' you
Seani't show character show your gums;
Il slobber, when you,~nas'ttalk.
I The tear- ct-tmroat brigade re
I sumed last week their game with a
7 full chorus. One gentleman lost
Seighty cents. and has not seas been
e seen.
Beverly Tucker, on St. Denis
St stells Oeeocries cheaper thlan
[ the cheapest. Just received, Ale,
- in 'qtatt, and pint bottles, of the
ibest biand. G(ive him ~ call.
.............. ..... .... r , lf the ac,
tion of the adlj'i teld (;' :nral Aselt .
1'ly and their non- ciotn at the tal
session is viowed at the North :
I.:E '!, IX .ouxOI-ANA.-If it . W
not a dlistinct Irituain it wa; at lean
an informal a.tgree':ment Iht th.t he1n t
LotuiFiajia (*Conservative. gave in their
adhesion to Mr. hKeillu=r and took th
•eiats assignll.d to tlhem in the at1
Ilouse by Mr. WheeVlethr's 'amtnitteL
there should he sIntetlhing like j
genuine attempt at ref,rm. Thea
publican legislators were to turn ofr
a new leaf, and Mr. Kellogg and tiS
friehnds were to try, just by way of
variety, to give the people, not p,.
hap sa strictly honest State adei-.
istration all at once, but a govers,
alent so moderate in its rascality this
most mlen could aftlrd to live under
it. The Legislature has adjournr
and there is somne curiosity to lea
how the promises of the compreiia
have been kept. Beyond quarrelint
over the retention of four Republican
intruders in the lower House, who
had neither credentials from the Rle
turning Board of their own party nor
certificates fromt the Compromise a.
,itrators, we do not perceive that de
Legislature has done any serious work
except voting [117,0(N) to pay i4
owu expenuss.--[N. Y. Tribune.
From the lights now before as, we
are of the opinion that a decent re.
gard will be paid to the demsnds of
the tax-payers of this parish, net.
withstanding there seems to be a de
sire on the part of the blatant of te
lRadical party, with refugesli ad
leaders at hand to provoke a diSa..
ty. Such, we hope, will be avel,
and no matter how much the "ters.
ed criminals" may desire revese,
we can assure them that persecatim
is not the way to gain it. Weoe
right in what we did in ridding ar
selves of our past rulers; we do set
propose to be burdened with my
more of that .character and class, ma
th# least said about it the better for
all concerned.
Kellogg and Field have siged
release of the State's interest in the
suit now pending against the N.0.
Mobile & Texas R. R., also vitiati
a judgment for $75,000 the State Wie
already obtained against the Boat
Kellogg looks out for all crsdlta
except the State it seems, and the
talk in New` Orleans is that Heti
got a huge bonus for this job. The
white people are becoming more -il
more convinced of the utter wattf
good intentions even in this masaJ
contact with him since adjusiiat
He refuses to sign a relief tax bill hy.
cause it would "break faith" inde
our creditors, who ar far the it
part, a set of men that la1ght .
bonds, warrants, &ce., from War
month or Kellogg himself or their
goverments, and, although the
have the debt to pay, they deirvl
no benefit from it; but when ite p
to tlah State being a creditor, i
Mr. Kellogg does not care a striw
although he is the Governor ad
sworn to protect the intereattd
people.
Some people foolishly talk d t
Southern man upon the demeoedl
ticket next year for vice-praeig
There is, to ui, too, meh jas a
about this for comnment. Ahle bt
phens, who is second in peoe, li
in Wir, and first in ofilce, is aleielu
only man ape enough to "go .iin..
bait-excepting, alirays. some
geniuses.in Louisians who wouald
for any thing from assistant
postmaster to-to-to--well ndsthlg
abarrier to their ambition sandbeasm
itelf has no soft place tithin its gif
equal to their desiresi.
- - ._- _ _- -
The heaviest annal rain fahl
the United States is sixty-Itwe*
chee, viz: Florida, Geor Mis
bama, Mississippi and Iou f
the lowest five inches in thegl
inteior platean east of thie &
Navada mountains; the grn
in the worMd is at Cherra 1~i
in the East Indies, where thle: M
reached the amount of six hrabt
and ten inches.
The case of I. C. Myers v 
Chaplin was decided upon 11,
day last in favor of the latter. a
appeal haeshowever, been ta
taken to the Supreme Court, w
the matter will be finally and4
sett~qle. Would it not be wldlp
have Myers arrested and broI T
up here for trial for stealing 0*
000 or more of the school money1
This, we think, would be a ,t
Afiidle for such a cus.
Some parts of our parish -
sadly in need of rain, although
this immediate vicinity we a
eblcsed with delightful shover3.
"The New York Graphic bib
that Carruth, the Vinelanddt
who persists in living with a bIU
in ihis head, is establishing a bad '.
ecodent." The Graphlie is qnite'di-S
Our rindera will bear as oat ise
assertion that when a newspspr
editor receives, in the regular ealN
of blusiness, a bullet in his brainD, e
ought thereunpon to crawl into S
"patent container" and retire rN
businels.-Courier Journal.
Have patience; perhaps when "fP
bullet," which is no doubt peralb
hating around, will finally fid thL
editor's brains;.but from the leasth
of time he has lived, we don't tdnh i*
will kill him when found.
Acting Mayor, Sramuel Parson,bhd
before him last week some of the
denizent of "Goose Bottom." $5 apd
cont.--bo Jesus, was what they gt-,