UEJ. W ILF fEPIE, o Editor.
NATCHITOCHES
SA'r'RDI)AY - - March 25, 1876.
Advertising artes.
- -
I 'JtRS- , ý e - -
I Pqiaro.... : 4 IP $1 A14 I, ne 15 In 4i1 0)
2 aql:uarp... 0 III I ) 13 (4li 2' 025 (N,
Ssqelres... 1101) 13 0l 18 0) 295 04I 30 00
4 sqnaroa... . .14 9 I (00t l_ 00 :t4 ()O 35 00
5 imltnaea... 1710 21 0o1 27 00 L35 0 4o cO
4 *tIwares... 2 4( 24 00 34 0) .10 (00 45 0)
1 squares... 2:011 27 00 :4 n 50 UO 70 (0
"! squares... 23, .0 0 0 4) (r10 5 0 ell 110
n10 square... 3100 3 0n{ 5) 00 57 00 5 (10)
13 squardsa... 413001 O) 00 7 0 00 Ion (25 (n1
I( Squarea... 6'10.-80 00I90 04)125 0no so0 n
Tr'apident atvertieemen't t1.50 per square of
10 lines irevier. first insertion. Each subse
quent inserten 73 cents per square.
All changes in advertisements to be
clarged as if new.
Transient advertisements must be paid
for in advance.
All bTils with regular advertisers ren
dered quarterly.
One inch of solid treviir constitutes a
qunare.
Marriage and ohitunry notices beyond
thi sinple annlnueement, resolltions or
cards of thanks, charged as advertise
nents.
Rates of Subscription.
ote copy nc t'ear ................2....
One Copy six nonths......................I 00
(Payable in advance.)
BAIENTS FOR TlE VINDICATOB.
nowell & C(hemm.n, St., LouIs.
St. Lomia Pnllshing Co.,
C. 1P, .)epell & (Co. New York.
,. )3. Pattengll & Co.
W. B, Sharpdi. Ue
Thbn., IlItyro. New Orleann.
"#'All person sdedirint to Advertise with us
In those citide;iMUST.apIly to our Agents.
Circulation larger than aiwy paL
per in tlie State outsidle of New Or
leaits or sIhreveport.
%Wis PAPER MI ON E WIT
ose AiweueYnca abe mrie.
W. W. SHUALW.P & CO.,
PUBLISHERS' 'AGENTS,
No. 25 Park Roir,: New York,
Are authorized to .contract for ad
rertising in our paper.
To OurlFriends.
We begin ngaiu the publication"wof
the Vi.dicator which ll .be. et .to
all subscribers *Wlo have heretofore
receffte itr but in conseqience of
limited means, we will be cotni~elled
to ask the. price in advance, other
wise the" paper wilt be discontinued
to those not paying. We have re
dluced the price within the reach of
all ($2.00) and cannot afford to send
it unless it is paid for. This' will. be
an invariable uotle? and to sustain
ourselve; 'it must strictly be. qdliered
to, and carried out uncompromisingly.
River at this point rising, with
water enough for small boats, also
rising at Shreveport, from last ac
counts.
We have just received the Lou
iAville Courier-Journal, with ite
new head plate; mammoth size,
and clear type. Making it alto
gethet', pne of the bandsomnes
'weekly newspapers published in
America. The paper will he seht
to subscribers, postage paid, for
the small sum of two dollars..
The'weather since, last'Sunday
has been'inconstaun yartable aqd
capricious. On that day we had
sain fall of two h~hes, wheen to
wards sindown th1ý wind changed
from 8. E. to ,. W., .very,.cold.
Monday: morning we had slight'
fall of snow,, visible on the tops of
thelliouses, srid on Tuesday: morn.
ing the hUeernry stood at 280 (F.),
thus marking the lowest point dn
ri'g the winter of 1875 and 184,
with, ite nearly half inch thick.
Wednueday.'frost, Thuriilay rainy
with disagreeable wind from 8. E.
PTom a ptiLat disp*tIh rt i eitVW8
from our distinguishied meember of
Congress,.Hop. Win. M. Levy, we
learned he was quitd nnw11, l fabNet,
conlned to his bed.' iis bhealth was
not g.w wJ ienr , left ts, but :i was
hoped thbb hag to a more NQth;era
climate with ttobaielng and iavigo.
rating atmosphert, would soon "reei;
tore hd to his 'mihial 'igorns ' endl-:
tion and ordinary:healthfailness.. May
ki~n Providenq*- grant the realisz.
tintn of the :hp.,. is the wikbof hi
iy f:terwde thronghount the district.
A large ºlatiltr of this, parb i n.i.
formsu ttus tliP : Ital seed co `oat
witmaImke aweaye-Sre buebels to thae
aer. urdim ori +yary circuumstances,
id if the s asans are favorable, will
maikei_ e. We thiik ft .'wead ibe
wOli for l t fouar ple.ters . to secure
some orithi eorm immediately.
. ------. . ~--. -- ,,
A mbluter of ls: MlUiMtary Commit.
mittee in the House' Ia said, "Tha
it tlhe #id at'soansweris not .famor
abh!ri'p ritaeadarute will he made:
tbu~uq par oor ,e m oney 4ro
pr ted foithe, tpprt of the. army,
*baISihap M te:baaidmealo ; trP i
Sahr.* tpi e BeSwalk 8tohtisi eeo
weineppeyepa tJals asm adieu to
The People's-Vmdicator.
"Avant ye shadows,
Richard. himself .'gain "
Once more we come before our pat
rons rand friends, and cast our'frail
bark on the sea of journalism, and
"sink oe swim," "live or die," come
weal or come woe, we hoist our col
ots to the. mast head, and inscribe
thereon, "No quarter to the enemy,"
and while we float we intend to per
sue with unrelenting energy and
watchful vigilance, the Radical party
with all its accompanying horrors
and unhallowed corruptions.
Nor shall our mission be flnislred
until the last vestige of power has
departed from their hands, in this
State, and the mime of Radicalism
sunk i a poolt of infamy, so deep,
that no resurrection morn will ever
dawn for it agan. We have yet this
work to do; the objective point we
started for,. and our task will only
end with the- entire overthrow of its
power, and the complete- dispersion
of its forces. For long weaty years
this terrible incubus has been weigh
ing as down, and sapping, vampire
like, our very life blood; for long
weaty years this stain has rested up.
on us, for long weary years this bur
den has been borne by our people;
until now, in this the centennial era
of our existence, they kill declare in
their might, that they will be freed
from such calamities, or die in the at
tempt. We are not willing'to begin
another century with the Radical
thieves and plun.derers, holding us by
the throat, and we want our victory
.tocomplete that the evil deeds they
have committed will be remembered
as a horrid dream, and those who
have played a part upon this infa
mons stage, either as principal no
tors, scene shifters, or sopernumera
ries, will be classed'. as enemies to'
their country, and in this category
will they live abhorred and abomina
ted by bonest men,, and dying, go
down to unihouredt graves, unwept,
and lamented, because of the dis
grace of theij kind.
To the erring, and to tliose who
have been led estray ; to those who
have been. worshipping false gods, or
have fallen prostrate before the "gold.
en calf," we can say in all sincerity
and candor, "Turn from your evil
ways," and come with' us; come'!
the hleld is laIge, and we have room
enough for 1all, leave your erring
pautis, desert your false gods, aban
dan the 'golden calf, ahd come into
thelkght of truth, and' ' march o6 the
high riad, of' "j stie t t fn ,ie as
Ilazed out by t.he.great .Democratic
tooservative Party of this State..
Come, while thebppltrtnity is grant.
ed you, for after awhile it maybe too
late. There ,i danger in delay, and
fluring your vacillation, the doors
airy' be dosed, and then you will
luid yourselves slint out forever.
Kotwithstanding our best energies
will be devoted to the overthrow and
destruction~of the Radical patty, we
will not loose sight of the commer
cial,agricultural and material'inter
est of the country generally, and of
this parish particularly; anything to
promote tlheir interest will always
fiud- a ready advocate in us,. anid.
whatever we can do for the improve,
meet of our wretched condition, will
be willingly done. Therefore, nPp
unies o? all sorts must be preparei to
la handled without gloves, for in our
determination to so aet, :wewi! not
be deterred by fbarfavor, or.l note
tion. We will..always be found in
sympathy with the greet National
Democraie llarty, which to-diay is
making seaclh' a noble record for its
self, as will be known pnd fqlt in
every part of the civilized world.; a
reebrd bright with all the glowing
splendor and brilliancy of patiotlec
deeds, sonmling down the corridors
of time, arousing the emalation of,
unborn nations, and destined to leave
its;impress on American politics' ne
er to be forgotten.'. ,
We woiu ,g our readeirs to bo.a
little patient, with as for a 'while;:
our- harnet has been so long off tliuf
we are not. yet working to our bs1ff
faction, We can assunre themi.pow-.
ever, iht aerich and red-hot treat is
in store for oar anmerous friendas.,,
We will enter:into a full expsuise
of the ways andtricks of the rejected
Distriet Attorieyship of Mr. ~sn,
nabghlam, .sahortly.. In this there Is
amuch that'.will startle not a few in
our lpiarish, "aed ed enCi''n r:t nsas
ed, that their' nemesis lias arisne, 4nd
will pprsue them, asall false frieds
to the people, to their pohliticalgraves.,
:Was iot that attempt on the part
of iDnpleik to stop the' sal of tlhi
Red RIrer Newi, so that the i·fsc.' .
TOU imtgiit nt erive, ratber a 'at
failure t
We think so, buat we can assure our
tiitle friend (t) that we bave a bi
welting in store for': hlibm. Wldie we.
are on thisa slujet tao public would
not object to know uh prompted,
dtiis elxhibition of ~lptriotisu? T ihey
*re snaelebthirtDptlej would not
hav 4done saehaa .hing anlesi sag.
gestabfed'h ·sia bmacker. Whb 1s
thegiai f, 4bt oldri ai:yhij, I li
killed't thUti pl lI iiehool tea.eh.
hshilastVedmat e~ls temprms. i
Self-Interest and Country.
So long as men are swayed by per
sonal considerations; so long as men
are prompted to public acts by pri
vate motives; so long as men are
tempted to leave the .counting-house
and momentarily. middle: in -things
they know nothing of; 'io lodg as
men allow this mighty "cent per
cent" to be paramount to all other
thoughts; so long as lawyers `want
Courts, thht fees may come of litiga.
tion, just so long will our people be
divided, n4d the hated Radi qal party
continue to. urp power ip.tiState,
and maintain their tyranical rule over
us. HNiw merchants in tlie city of
New Orleasm could leave. their places
of business to go to the L.gislature
and dictate a course' of action fOr our
Legislators, is beyond cotipy1lpu
sion, unless we charge upon them the
prmmptings of selfish and interested
motives? As'Mr. Wiltz said: "Hate
they taken an oathl.to protect the in
terest of the State of Louisiana, and
shall irresponsible, persons dictate to
the members of this Hous.e what their
course shall be. They were not ac
countable for their advice,, or their
dictation to members. They escaped
every responsibility, however' much
they might pr~ianne, to, disregard lth
conscieuce and, the honor of .a repre.
sentative. 'As to the nature of the
charges that' had been. found Agriiuqs
Kellogg, they were of the gravest
nature. Would any one. on thatfloor,
or off it, eharge hit .(Mr.: Wilts) a na
tive of the State, de.rly loving her,
with i design to pirov4e ,turbulence
or disorder t' And 'now, 'when the
S'final test came, .meralhnots' ery -onl
"oh don't do this, you will drdle awa3
oar business,. "idi divert a (fw eotto,
bales from their legitimate, destinra
tion?.- And- the-lawyers say. "01
o don't'create a 'eiolntion, you will
close all the courts, and our occupa
tion will be gone." And' forthwitl
they sign 'a ard protesting egainsi
the impeaclinoiet 'of Kellogg, whc
takesit and sends it to Grant, stating
that all the intelligence, 'wealth, anm
respectability of the city, and State
are opp;i d o ,tolhis. violent -aetion ol
Sthe House,, which only represents the
turbulent and irresponsible elemeni
of the State. -Nothing was 'rnid
whet 'it was pro1o~ to inpreiac aud
prosecute' tile:; ptaioer offenders, but
when it waa question of driving awa3
cotton bles and,,sttingers, or .losine
court alsd ustopping fees,' then thin
"lighily respectable and intelligenl
clam," lrse as one: an .and cry out
againstI  '.
Throughoii. , othese long years of
persecution and: shameful nsurpation
Ion theo part of the Radicanl: party in
Sthis State; lhad we all been' fiisnl.
, united, and not allowed perisoual'and
I selfilsh motives to diqtate eo acts,
Kellogg and his noble btand of thievea
a would have 'been driven frpmi thir
j State, and the Jawful and elected
( Goveinor: sented.
- And now, in conclusion, we have
- this to say; if we expect to: sneceed
f in the aoming contest and route thie
,' enemy,"'Wemnut resume our couramge,
a sd dismae r care," discharge eve*
i. ry f~eeliug and, thought' of self, diseard
all ideas of division of sentiment, and
I go inte tis cnnitmpaign with S nnani
- mity of purpose an one man; and th.ie
idesM of Ntovember next will see us
r free for ever ftom Radieal :riltec and
i then a~id then only, wlll tihelitate o,
SLouisiiiia resume her prou4g, position
Sas an important member of this Union,
I and be placed on the hIgh.road to
Iprosperity .
We would call the attention of our
farmers to a communication from the
SState'(range' of the State of Teas,;
Iover thi ijture ,of W. W. Lang,s
and easrkedl olseciaL It is addressed
. tothe Patros of:Husbandryj hnad ib
well worth'the serious eonsdderation
o Ianyione, o0t only in Tex , but in
this 8tate, where , s: many. sneglect
every thing for cottona .mad at the
end of the year-lehd themselves poor
'ir thanuwhen they began the years
Swork.
After reumating on this low'pr-e
of cotton, a:l the liglr price' di pro
visions, lie .sys;, "'iherefore ear
;estty.Jbo t 3yeO ati.pp :very begio.
ing obaeedlina, ,to deliberately and
pr)ldatlf ctishdder th is ipiortance,of
shortenstog your Ie'eage ,of cttep.
To d4pereaee the acarpge *1li ot a~e.
esiurily :reduee the iproductiou, My
efrmleltilt is, that a bSetted as' more
cari.n tutatlon, upon s much less
acreogewill'produce eqnallys great
a quantity with a mueh improved
staple. lHe iays in so u'sauy vrds;
"get'the verry fnest meid to iLehad
and cultivate the ,rdld to iits' t
most capacity." Th e main feature Ii
his cInmonianitale II5: the ree6mmea
datoii t if i dt~TvS'lhe. crop, so that
the tiarms will selfsupport~ . .g.
We will taoke oeasio to may isn; this
oonnecetiono, that whatever will inter
est thd'Patrobus f IlusIuaidlry or 'the
fairuinigenerally, will l4l ~og a
spas.os:is oqr olnmps, O4 aso paas
'will be spared to gather the.latestakd
bsit news.
We woelm mitH th6ltetodul e Ipar
ents to the a8i~tii entt OFttihh
locatlon for at tobe fsmrand in
tih im, h terabla pl.esi: nud,,e e
iBealrW a swditterutiud t.'ske, the
uslirtukftig * h~
No Compromise.
From this day henceforth and for
ever, we want it distinctly under
stood that in no ease will we advo
cate compromising anything with the
Radicals in this State. With the
light of experience before us, and
full knowledge of those with whom
we have to deal, we are perfectly
satisfied that' this determination will
meet the approbation of our friends
and those who have observed the
magch of events in this State, for the
last eight:or nine years. We are go.
ing into this canvass with our eyes
open, and whatever we win we mean
to have, and we will not, under any
cirumstances,; entertain any propo
sitions for less. Many of our best
citizens, and with the purest motives
that could actuate mortals, went into
what is known as the "Wheeler Ad
justment," or -"compromise," think
ing thereby to get some considera
tion for our people, and stay the
thieving hands of the Radical party,
but alas, vaip' hope, the stelling con
tinued, and tlioe hated and hateful
Kellogg sits to-day on his usurped
seat in consequenee of that delusion
and snare known as the "Wheeler
Adjustment." "But the longest day
must have an end," and thank for
:tune the day will soon dawn for us
when we shll' get 'possessoil of the
State, and be freed forever 'from the
contact of this carpet-bag and scala
wag tribe.
Talk about compromising with a
,set of men who have come to this
I tate solely for the purpose of plun
dering and robbing the people, and
• who have systimatically robbed 'and
plundered us for eight or nine years.
i Talk about compromising with a set
" of men mean and low enough to fol.
S'low in thel wake of the afore-men
I toned carpet-baggers, to pickup the
' rumbs of office, that they might
!graciously dole out to them ! No!
t never more will our people be hood
winked 'into an-' s'uch fallacy. The
time for midnight orders, signed by
I drunken Judges, and executed by
United States bayonets, is gone, and
r the High Officials at Washington will
> hereafter Ihae their thands full to
t take eare of their dear selves, and
may need all the soldiers they chn
I command to save them from the agt
gression of the Democratic majority
in the Congress of the Unilted States.
Soon, perhaps, the President will be
i called upon to "set his. own house in
t order," and then Kellogg with all of
his. villianes and'hiis vile crew may go
to - well to any place of safety le
can find; .which surely would not be
within the' borders of the State of
Louisiana. Even that we would not
compromise, nay, verily, he can go
and "seek fresh fountains in a foreign
soil," and no man in this State will
ask him '"ahere he is going.
Valedictory.
In retiring from the editorial charge
of the Peopl's YiVdicator, I trust I
will be excused if I thus presume
upon thile usual custom of depart
ing editors.
MI; connection with this paper
ceases from this time, I hpe pema.
nently, as there is nothing les in
vitiug to the stomach of a poorman
thian the field of Democratic journal
ism in Louisiana.
SI have the self-satisfaction of hay
ing done for my' people what I con
ceived to be my duty. with all the
ability I could command; and I hope
that they will appreciate, at least,
the motives which ever actuated me
throughout my journalistic career. I
have masde enemies, bitter and per
sonal; but they are of a class I am
proud to construe aes such, and 'for
them I leave my lasting, pgadying
contempt;.
I. shall carry with me, not only the
cbnienice oness h1 aving dine what
I could for my peopld, but that fepl
iog Sor tlhose,, my e~mpM'riots sad.
friends, who have striven withlr ee,;
whieh sball boa·emsolion-and a
rewarl thlt amply repays afl .y al
'hors in' their behalf. -'"
r retau 'to my bre@t.q of'thie pea
my,thaspks for tltsetr watwye during
my' brief but evemtfal eonnectles with
themn, and, I eann but 'liop. thft: 'e
g~rap of lhr enemmw r ay be suseesae
fulaind that thLo may smet'that *
wurd they so hiblymarit I. bid Oia
MeCook h BrQt the champion
Natchitoches meorhants, on Wash.
lngton street, havle just receivelsa
large invoiee of EirW RIMaE TzPgaS
FLoUan, which, together with as full
and complete assortment of Geaer al
Merchandise, they are offering 'ate I.
daUed AguresforCA8H. ' Teias XXX
aid choiee Family Flout, hwib'nse d
cheaper than Western aour, r ~m be
found at McCeok & Bro'k. establish
meat, in quantities to sUhit patch'ars.
All tie' best dogs many ave died'
last'Fail durinog the dog-slekeeas bat
for certain, all the barklag ones did
not. " ..
.'. ,mma may mile, and smile
A. d..be s villain; .
• : p,,. a may wesp, and weep,.:
'And be no mint;
Iat wtnd.h' not a'c '
S',. : ,m .;
Organization.
Resolted, That the different par
ishes throughout the State which
have not already organized their
Parish Committees, be requested to
do so, and report the names of the
officers elected, and their Post Office
address to the State Central Com
mittee.
J. W. PATTEN,
Presi,lent.
The above is a resolution passed at
an adjourned meeting of the State
Central Committee, held on the 14th
February, last, in the city of New Or
leans, and speaks for itself. We
would therefore call it to the atten
tion of our fellow-citizens, and urge
upon them the necessity of imnmedi
ate action. If we expect to accom
plish any great good, this year, in a
political way, we should not delay
the proper organization. Without it
we are powerless, with it perfected,
we are a tower of strength in the
land, and prepared for any emergen
cy. We cannot too soon organize
our forces and prepare them for ac
tion. A great deal is to be effected
during the coining campaign, and by
early organization, alone can it be
done.
We are perfectly aware that plant
ers are very busy with their crops, or
preparing the ground for them, yet
one day devoted to the public inter
eat will not be carelessly thrown away.
There is a time for all things, and
"unless we sow we shall not reap."
This now is the seed time of mighty
events, and if we do not come for
ward, prepare the ground and sow
the.seed, our harvest will prove men.
gre indeed, and not worth the liar
vesting.
We want close and perfect organi
zation in this parish, and in fact in
every ward, and our friends in the
country must prepare for the work.
We are going to win this fight, cost
what it may, a Radical Returning
Board, to the contrary potwithstand
ing. So gentlemen, wake up to the
importance of the occasion, and be
prepared to answer the call on the
shortest notice for organization. Such
an organizatlon as "will strike more
terror" to the Radical camp than did
the memorable year 1874.
The organ of the thieves on Fropt
street finds much to commend in Act
No. 21, and its article to that effect,
is a rich logical document, so rich
that evry sane man should 'eip it
out for future referance.
Up to this moment that sheet has
persistently opposed (it says consis
tently) the taxing of the people for
construction of the New Orleans
Pacific railroad for reasons which it
did not state at the time but does now.
These reasons are as follows:
First-That thIe expepses to be in
curred in submitting this question to
a vote if the people would be a use
less expenditure, because hlie believed
the majority of the tax payers were
opposed to it. Second--That the
burden of taxation already exisiting
in this parish was too onerous to put
an itdditional weight to it. Third
That the property holders attempted
to deprive citizens on account of
property qualifications, of their con
stitutional rights guarantee4 by the
laws of this State and of the United
States, of exercising the privilege of
voting on any question affecting the
public interests.
"Now," says the Natchiteches Re
publicma, "these reasons are done
away :with by act No. 21.
With what ease does this "flip-flop
per turn a flip-flap." Does act 21
render tAe tax pqar. of this parish any
more able to pay tlhe tax P Is the bur
den of taxation already existing ren
dered less onerous from tihe fact that
a legislative body of a State hIas em
powered a railroad to tax eitizens for
its construction ? Does the mere fact
of the State Legislature, a part of
which legislature stinks in the nos
trils of every decent man in the State,
having enacted Act i21, render that
railroadany more popular or more
liable to be voted for by the majority
df,iza;'payer t* And further, by
what right, nder the consaititution
and laws of the United States, have
shy set of persons Irresponsible and
Inon-property owning, to tafr .persons
responsible and oweoing property. ?
The Vidicator favored the con
struction of this New Orleans Pacific
railroad and advocated the tax, for
speailo, ruaons plainly stated, and
wIl.emetimue to favor itisly so long
ythorse who most pay, say ther will.
SWhe t reterred to asNo. is as,
yt under a load, and, the manner
and modeof its passalg is a subject
of grave thought to the mass of patri
otie citizens. However, we propose
to tqll what we know regarding it at
some fuotare time.
Tlis'attempt to display. tears over
the ills of the tax payers, to weep at
their burdens, on the part of the Nat
chitoches Republican, is the thinest of
namby-pamby. There was a time
when the tair payers groaned under an
8 per cent load of taxes created by
radieal thieves to ill their pockets,
and we heard not a tear drop from
the now weeping machine on Front
street, on the contirty, it attempted to
show, with just such reasoning as now
aued by it, that the tax of 8 per cent
was notmuch of a tax to make so
much noise over.
-4-.-----r
Pro 'Sitliman declares that the
profits ,o the Emma mine haive
moon to, ectly 61,333,38 33.
I'The Eoslhi stockholders, however,
having received - only the odd l3
oeate.Woald like tolknew where the
remainder went to.-'Courier Journal.
The Mission of Congress.
Many montlhs before the House of
Representatives settle down to their
work in earnest, the minority opposi
tion reported through the columns of
their party papers, "That the Demo
cratic majority were pursuing the
Fabian policy of masterly inactivity."
Little did they know how soend this
"upasterly inactivity" would be
changed into marterly activity" and
the work of exposure begin. Little
dreamed they, that a mine wals being
laid, the explosion of which was to
be the death knell of their party
supremacy.
They persist' in cottfitug hakes of
soap," "the cost of towels," "Tlere
are too many scrub women"u "and
there is too greaf waste in street-ear
fares." These, and many more are
the charges against' the Democratic
majority in Congress that the Repub
lienus have been mockingly casting at
them. "The scrutiny of public ex
penditures is very well in its place,
and we have no doubt the appropri
ate committees will do their duty
in preventing extravagance and
waste; but they will not permit
themselves to become parties to the
magnification of infinitely small things
to the 'detriment of the great meas
ores now pending. And it is the
bight of imbecidity on the part of the
opposition to endeavor to tear down
a great political organization and to
build up another upon the stationary,
soap, btrine, and orel gueslion." Titus
wrote a Republican paper some
months ago when every thing was
working smoothly and lovely in
Washington. What have tlley to
say now f Are the whisky frauds
"magnifications of infinitely small
things." Is there any danger of
tearing down a great political organ.
ization and building up another" by
such work as the committee on War
Expenditures have recently been do
ing I Is it the "hight of imbecilitv"
to unearth the gigantic frauds of
which Mr. Belknap has been lately
convicted t These are the acts "That
make nations illustrious, and weave
chaplets of fame upon the brows of
men."
And now since it is a question of
life and death with the President him
self and the Democrats are fearlessly
pushing on the work of investigation,
their "Bankruptcy of statesmanship"
is not quite so apparent. What now
will the Republicans have to say when
they have to "meet their constituen
cies face to face." How can they go
into the approaching campaign with
this load of sin and corruption on their
backs? They may explain, staminer and
stutter, but tlhen te shame will rest
and carry them down to sure and ccr
tain defeat.
WVe have seen, during the week, a
pamllphlet, with startling head line, en
titled, "The White League in Louise
isant." It is apparently issued witil
out authority, as no name or names
can be found attachled to it in any
umanner, shape, or form. Therefore
those wiho are instrumental in its cir
culation here, will be alone respon
sible for the grave personal charges
contained within its paimges. This be
gins to look like serious business, and
if the Radical party jn this State ex
pect to carry on a campaign by the
scattering and dissimination of such
documents as the one spoken of, the
chances are that before the election is
over, somebody will come out second
best in more serious conflicts thtan the
simple act of putting ballots in the
box. We will take occasion to speak
of this pamphlet more at length ano
other time.
Tie Supremne Court of time State has
decided that P, A. Simmons is en
titled to tim office of Mayor and dis
missed the plea of the Councilmen;
Also affirmed jtilgemnent of lower
court decreeing tltat the soreties on
the official bond of Redmond should
pay the amount demanded, but
amended thejudgement so as to corm
pel them to pay 5 per cent interest
from judielal.deman&.-'
The aunities were condemned, in
solido, to pay thile follownlag amount,
viz, $1,330 66.
Thlis is a curious piece of politico
legal work, and hereafter we propose
to show how this wheel witlin a
wheel; this mighty stro.ke of fine poi
icy has been carried on, and the fruits
tlhat were expected from it. But
notwithlstandinog all their fine work
and wll laid plans, the are out in
the cold, and there, likely to remain.
Has the law in reference to hogs
rnning at large within the city limits
been repealed, or is it still in forte ?
The hogs must think it has been
repealed, otherwise they woold not
be taking such liberties with our
streets and side-walks.
A. very serious misunderstanding
has transpired between the church
wardens of the church of West Baton
Rouge and their pastor, and they have
been forever interdleted by the Archis
piscopal Coo ncil of New Orleans un
less their legitimate postor is put in
possession of the church withlin the
prescribed time mentioned.
--
A subscriber, to a Southwestern
newspaper died recently, leaving four
years subscription unpaid. The edit
or appeared at the gtrave and deposit
ed io the cooffin a palmn leaf fan, a
linen coat, and a thermometer.
Shall it be Cotton Agai
The exceeding low price at a
cotton has been e~Pllil)g duril
past season shonld, it Iappears t
impress uIlon the cultivhtors of °
staple the 1ccessity for a 'ea'.trit
versity of crops. Cotton ao t" di.
at which it hasI been ROid of late l
which are likely to obtain during, c
conmming year, cannot be cultiai
except at a loss of about 20 per eCl
of the money investel-even if at
coming season should prove mt
propitious and the labor prove mu.
usuallya industrious. But if anot&
large crop, like that of the past
be made, still heavier losses will lj
experienced, and the little whick I
planters have left will have to ge
meet then?.
It is suicidal policy to continue 14
exclusive cultivation of this stial
under such eircumstances, and
sincerely hope that the planters ,
discontinue it at once. We de na
counsel an entire abandonment of ti
production of this important eemo
inodity Abid fih making of it oje
one of the priodlctions of our fti
A portion of every farm and phela
tion might still be devoted to it wig
a hope of profit, but let other m
obtain at least an equal amount
attention. There is not an acre
land in the South, where cottee j
cultivated, upon which other ae
could not be made, and in many ease
at far less expense. Where eas
firmer and planter in the Southwa~
to pursue this policy, while tie et.
ton crop would be shortened dt'
one-half, the prices would advase,
and for the small amount produnel
as much money-or nearly so-as i
now obtained would be realized, msl
the producer could besides coel
among his gains the sums receiv
from the other productions.
It would undoubtedly prove a hat.
py result, for our impoverished ag.i
culturists; and be the first step l.
wards their entire emancipation fre"
the thialdomn of debt which now isa
Ipers and cramps their every efeli
To goon cultivating cotton exclujiy.
ely, is to soon find themselves in tdo
condition of inability to cultiua,
anything. to see their lands pass frf
their possession and to rUah lilu
into harkruptcy and rain.
Is it possible that with subbla
lacts like'these staring theta in the
lace, they will continue in thiscourset
Or will they, now when it istig
adopt the sensible course, andi
doing so, repair the losses
upon them by previous mistakes-&
Mr. Lamar,. in his cool, inci6i
way. completely unhorsed Mr. ,lj!
Gillespie Blaine on Tuesday., "
chanmpion of the Republican side of
the House has npw placed himsluf
the position of a defender oftheis.
tire course of President Grant temei
ing the defeat of all prosecutioss
against Government offeniders. Blaie
has placed himself on the side of the
whisky ring and on the side of Bd.
knap's friends, and against any is
vestigation into the official corrp
tion of his larty. As a champion d
the Protestant religibo lie is, theem
fine, in a rather peculiar posities.
Mr. Blaine has grown desperate, ml
will learn that the closer he cling to
General Grant the more proDnouand
will be his losses as8 a eandidatofkr
the presidency.-- Coner-Jourrma
At a recent meeting of tdie BLitif
Economy Society of Paris the mhs
ject of disecssion was the 1dcs.iv
the value of silver. It was geunerally
agreed that tihe solntion of the prub
lem is to be found in the immetr
production of American mines. '
was also said, in the course of dh
cussion, that thie monetary policy of
thel'Unired States is not .et uadr.
stood. i. Chevalier declamct'L
the present glut of silver was pre.
dieted by lumnboldt in 180V, whilee
was investigating the Mexicran ies,
of which he then wrote that they
were only "skimmed," and, wie
worked by enterprising people, wealM
produce enough to inundate Essep
with silver.
Thie longest night in Norway la
three months, and, when a yong
mlan goes to see Ihis girl, her moth,
before retiring, tells her not to rai
her health by sitting up moe thai
two montl.
We publish in this week's iSis,
the proaspectusof the COte-idii
History of the United Stats,
from the Discovery of the mI
can Continent, to the elose df
first century of AMnricna'5~ t
pendence, by3 James D. MWClsb
The Author is an able and Vil
known Historical writer, and i
book will prove quite an intenet
ing addition to any gentlemnal
·Library.
It is published by the NatioJ
Publishing Co., of St. lIaias. ·
The toes of Erin had beatikl
weather for the elebratiom St,
Patricks .Day, ha New rS aon
the 17th instl Rich aud peer prti
cipated, and everything went . 15
merry as heart could wibsh, St. Pat
ricks Day as elebrated in the Ci"'
tennial year, will long be re.ibler*
ed by the pimople of the Crescent ail.
John Deegan, a resident for aP
years of this eity, and we belied;s
native of Ireland, died suddenly e
the 2d inst., in te town of Campte.
Mrs. Patriot went to the CQentqaui
masquerade and fancy dress ball the
other night in a costume repremt
ing the Star Spangled Banner. Soreas
body attempted to haul her down to
supper and was immediately ",at
on the spot."--N . Y. Aai
If you see a man with a big dis
mond on his shirt front, Iave him ar
rested. It may not be Tweed, bet it
will serve him right anyway.
Incident of Judge Black's interU
view. with Belknap, who wished tO
retain him as counsel: After listen
ing to what was mid, the Judge id
dressed himself to Gen. Belknap, sad
said: 'You amre the patient, I am the
physician; the patient is dying, I
anu do nothbin;.