IUSITIV5:LY NO C1tOmIS
SDAAWnlUAT News.
.FOR 1874.
Co:Iniininit every week 'O1rrTY COL
L' :N' oI choice reading mint
1e'. }rinied oil clear, lhand
r:.nl type, iand ;lies
whi,e p:'pt.
riºl: f N\'WC is ditel:' hy'tlhe Panlt
Sry W.:.s .M::n ; 14 eoutributedl to by
G;C1rge Alfid TlonwnstCnd, the chief of
Ntcwpp:ier 'orrespoldentits, anl tther
c .t wu,,l riter,:, 'who will fnrnih frew'h
er'. C1'n CeCe lfrom the leading cititv.
ld Clt hi''il I'ltell to the editorial columns.
'l , I' NEWS has its own Sieittitic.
iC'hiC'. Cl'.ss aul Puzzle editorF; pu'
li.les the best orilinal :matter, thu bn.st
lICs.ClmalnV, and tcl if reshe st andI best
,CiclausyltiI, and the freshlst Ctid b:.st
storiec. in all its dpartlliurenis it is
edited with scrupulous care, and, is. inl
oenseqecllle one of the lbelt Family
Journals published. Sample Copies free
-acind for one.
TERMS OF SUBSCRIIPTIO\:
One Year .................... .$2.00
Special rate',to Postmasters and clubs.
BAILEY & DONOVAN,
Danbury, Conn.
In,'per's Periodicals.
IIARPER'S MAGAZINE.
There is no monthly Magazine an in
iliigtit reading family can less afiford to
be without. Many Magazines are ac
clumilatd. Ilharper's is edited. There
i, not a Magazine that is prited which
11..,r mI ocr intolligent paois expanded
r',· ii art·iclea a!di'naechanical execution.
'i' .lro is not a cheaper - i Mugazine -1)111
ii~i~d. There is not, C(ofis'(edly. a
mr-e p'ipular Magazine in the world
:New England Homnestead.
A r.pulit),ry of biography and history;
I; t::rt mre seience and art, unequaled by,
:;:. tit'er .Amrican publication.-[New
inck Jtamdard.
Tho ::rL)t popular, :and, inl its schemlle,
thoe Imst original of our Magazines.
liiation.
HIARPEIR'S WEEKLY,
A Journal of Civilivation.
'T!e best publication of it' class in
. ,, ,riea, and so far aheads of all other
w c"':lvy jonnials as not to admit of any
cai'n;,lmrisoa betweenLit and any of their
' anber. Its columns contain the finest
colieetions of reading matter that are
printed. * * * 0 Its illustrations are
mneitrols and beautiful, being furnished
b, the chief artists of the country.-[uos
toil Traveler.
itartier's Weekly'deserves :its primacy
!,: tlis clh~s of publications, alike for the
v' ,'i of its reading imatter and the ex
,:,: of its illustrations. The edito
r:.; n pullic affairs aremnodels of dis
c ut..:,i, weighty and temperate, support
i:g high principles in an elevated tone
and a chasntened literary style.-[Exami
neo and Chrouicle.
IIAtPER'S BAZAI,
A Repository of Fashion, Pleasure
and Ihnuwtion.
It is really the only illustrated
Chr)onilr of fashion in thile conntry.
It uytphplments alone are worth the sub
icriptlon price of the paiter. While
frlly rmnain'ailng its positiot as a mir
rar of fashion, it also contaiuns stories,
Ipoems, brilliant essays, ,besides general
c•l pAT,1Cr.al g(osCip.- [BElOston Saturday
Evoning Gaz:tte.
Thcrle ver was Iany.r papier published
that so delighted the heart of womnan.
Nover m1ind if it does"cost you a nIew
ben:et ; it will save you teln tinles thle
price inl the honehold econowmy it teach
ea.--[lrovidence Journal.
TER M.8 :
For hlarper'slt3agazine, Weekly and
Bazar.
Harper's Magazine~,"oue year $4 00
HIarper's]Weekly, one year 4 00
Harper's Bazar, on year 4 00
HIarper'8 Ifigazite,E:Harper's Weekly
and (I aipor'a Bazar, for one year,
$10; or any two for $7.
An extra copy of either the Magazine,
Weekly orBaslsr will be sopplied g'ratis
for every club of five suebscrihers at $1
each, in one remittance; or six copics
for $20L, without extra copy.
The postage withinthe United States
is for the Magazine, 24 cents a year; for
thie Weekly or lazar, 20 cents a year,
payable yearly, seni-yearly,'er quarterly,
a$ the oelcb wlhfee rcecived.
In remittiug by mail, a postoffie or
der or draft, payable to the orderof
Harper & Broflthers, is prefierable6 to bhank
miotes, since, should the order of draft Ibe
Slost it can be renewed without loss to
the sender.
Address HARPER &. BROTHFFERS,
New York.
The Largest and Best and Cheapest
Paper in? the World is the
N'A SBY's PAPER.
(Fifty-Six Witde Columni t pages.) I
For $1.5 petr year, in Clubs!
With Books aslmatost given away!
VlP Specimen copies sent free to any
.idrea.. Send for a specimn uaid exan
1ne it.
' Naaby writes his Political Letters
.l.ainvely for the Bladte. Address
.LOCKE & J.ONES.
Tht-o. Olin.
Ayer's
Hair Vigor
Por restoring to Gray Hair it3
natural Vitality and Color.
A dressing
which is at
Ouce agl?:a
ble, heah'y,
and elffecltti
for lpreserv
ing the hair.
4It 5oh.'t rc
torts fiaded
S or grayi hair
to its orivinal
color, with i the lg!,s. and frc'shness fr
youfh. Th'in hair is thickened, fall
ing hair cliecked, and bahldiets often,
though not always, cured by its
use. Nothing can restore the hair
where the folli des are destroyed, or
the glands atrophied and dtcayed;
but such as remain can be saved by
this application, and stinulated into
activity, so that a new growth of
hair is produced. Instead of fouling
the Xair witlh a pasty sediment, it
wit seep it clean and vigorous. .Its
occasional use will prevent the hair
from turning gray or falling oij,
and consequently prevet haldlness.
The restoration of vitality it gives
to the scalp arrests and prevents
the formation of dandruti which is
often so uncleanly and of lcsive.
Free from those deleterious !:ub
stances which make some }repara
tions dangerous, an] i njuri:)us to t:e1
hair, the Vigor can only bene; it, but
not harm it. If wanted mnereiv for
a HAIR DRESSING, nothin~ else
can be found so desirable. Contain
ing neither oil nor dye, it does not
soil white camhric, and yet lasts
long on the hair, giving it a rich,
glossy lustre, and a grateful perfume.
Prepared by Dr. J. C. Ayer & Co.,
Practical and Analytical Chemists,
LOWELL, MASS.
BOLD BY ALL DRIUGGISTS EVERYWIIERB.
Ayer's Cathartic Pills,
For the relief
and cure of all
derangements in
the stomanch, liv.
or, and bowels.
They are a mild
aperient, and an
excellent purga.
tive. lleing pure.
Iv vegetable, they
 contain no jmer.
eury or mineral
wl hatever. Much
serions sickness and suffering is prevented by
their tihnely use; antd every iusnily should
have them on hiand for their protection and
relief, when requnrilr. l.olog experience hlas
proved them to he the salest, surest, mand
best of all the Pills with whlich the maiirket
abounds. liv their orcasiontl use, the blood
is uriilled, tile corriupllio of the systelmi et
pelled, obstructions renioved, a,nd the whole
lmachinery of lite restored to its healthy activ
ity. Internal organsi which become clogged
and slnggish are cleansed by A ler's Pills,
and stijnulated into action. Thus Incipient
disease is clhanlged into health, the value of
which change, when reckoneti on the vast
multitudes who enjoy it, can hardly be conm
punted. Their sugarcontang mnakes thenm
pleasant to take, and preserves their virtues
unimpaired for ally length of time, so that
they are ever fresh, and perfectly reliable.
Although searching, they are mild, and oper
ate without disturbance to the constitution or
diet or occupattion.
Full directions are given on the wrapper to
each box, how to use thei as a amnily Physic,
and flior the follouwing complaints, wlich theseo
fills rapidlv cure:
For Dylimippsia or IndigeltIaon. list.
lesnces, Languor. and Lass of AliPe.
lte, tlhey should hIe takeln liolderitelv to
stimulate iho stomach, and restore its heiilthy
tone iindi actiOln.
For Lver Complailt and its variounsa
synlmptoius, lllio.l .&Ldliche, Wiek
leadach., Jaundice or Green 5lck
ames, ililous Colic atnd Bilioqs Ie
iesr, they shIould be jillicinully takLt for
each case, to correct the dliseaseL actioli, or
remove the obstructions which cause it.
For Dysentery or Diarrhteea, but one
mild dose is generallv requiiied.
For llheuamasitnmi, Goat, Gravel,
Palpitation of Shet HeIr. Patl ia
tihe uide, iBlck, and Loia. thley shouhl
be conltinuolslV taliken, as requiied, to change
thle diseased action of the systemln . With stuch
change those complaints disappear.
For Dremy :and Illro;.iarw l Swell.
laug, they should hIe taken in large andl fre
quent doses to produce the effect of a drastic
purge.
For S eppusleo, a large dlose should be
taken, as it produces the desired effect by
sympathy.
As a Dinner Pill, take one or two Pills to
promote digestion, and relieve the stomach.
Ain occasional dlose stimulates the stomnach
and bowels, restores tihe appetite, and invigor
ates the system. Hence it is olen advanta
geous where no serious derangement exists.
One who feels tolerably well, otlell finds that
a dose of these Pills makes him feel.decid
edly better, from their cleansing and reno
tating effect on the digestive apparatus.
PREPARED BY
Dr. C. AYER I CO., Practical Chemists,
LOWELL, ZMASS., 17. 8. A.
103 lsI DY ALL DLUOOGGTS EVERYWHIIEIIRE.
WILLIAMS' MOWER & REAPER
is snerPlo_ a u 8k, loui
SEtMPL, BIfGE co.,
138outh i finstreet, Bt. Loap.,
rseS, address·
SERPLE, BIRGE a VO,
13 o0U1 AIN mEnTu, et. LooMB,
Ipal eims stateW la what rppsroMtm tbit
[ Get yolur printing done at
I he l.sirnCATOl: Jo)b ()fle,.
G(rateflul Thousands procliimn
VINEGAR BI'ITTERS the 111ost wonder
ful Ini'igorant that ever sustained
the sinking system.
No PeLrson can take' these Bit.
ters according to directions, and re
main long unwell, provided their
bones are not destroyed ly mineral
poison or other means, and vital or
gaus wasted beyond repair.
Bilious, lRemtittent, and In
teriiiittet't Feve'rs, which are so
nrevalent in the valleys of our great
rivers througlhout tlhe United States,
es.pecially those of the Mississippi,
Ohio, Missouri, Illinois, ''ennes see,
Cumberland, Arkansas, Red, Colo
rado, Brazo'4, Rio Grande, Pearl,
Alabama, Mobile, Savannah, Ho
tanoke, James, and many others,
with their vast tributaries, through
out our entire country during the
Suntllller autnd Autui 11, adltl remarka
bly so duritng seasons of unusual
heat and dryness, are invariably ac
com)panied byh tens\ ive derange
ments of the stomach and liver, and
other ahdo:inal viscera. In their
treatment, at lflr.;ative, exerting a
p'we'Vrful iniitence up," these vari
o.s ol';ans, is esselltially necessary.
'T'here is eno canthultrtic ibt the purpose
equal to l):t. J. VWAuuLK-'Is VINEGAI.
l';rr'-r is, as they will speedily remtov
the daork-colored viscid matter with which
tlhe ,bowel are loaded, at the :;ane time
intimltta:ing the s.eretionls of the liver,
and generally re:toriag the healthy lafune
Lions of the iige.ctive organls.
Fortify the bhotly against dis.
en;e by purifying all its fluids with
I'xEl:\IIt lITlrrlas. No epidemic can
take hold of a s.ystem thus tlre-arl'ed.
Dyspepsia or Indfcestion, HIead
acho, Pani in the Shitulders. Cougrhs,
'I'ightness of the Chest, Dizziness, Sour
Eructations: of the' Stomach, Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Bilious Attacks, Palpita
tion of the Heart, Inflannmmation of the
Lungs, Pain in the region of the Kidneys,
and a hundredl other painful symptoms,
are the oifsprings of D)ysppsia. One bot
tle will prove a better guarantee of its
merits than a lengthy aid vertisemuent.
Scrorfula, or liing's Evil, White
Swellings, Ulcers, Errsipelas, Swelled
- eck, (Goitre, Seroul'louis Inthnlunations,
Indolent Inftlatnl:ations. Mercurial ai'Le
tious, Old Sores, Eruptions of the Skiln,
Sore Eyes, etc. In these. as in all other
coustitutiollal Diseases, FWALKtLI's VIN
E.GAR iJl T;'raIs have shown their great cur
alive powers in the most obstinate and
intractable casos.
For luntammatory and Chronic
Rhlnllu atilsm, Gout, Bilious, Remit
tent and Intermittent Fevers, )iseases
of the Blood, Liver, Kidneys and Bladder,
these Bitters have no equal. Such Dis
cases are caused by Vitiated Blood.
Mechanical Diseasies.-Persons
engaged in Paints and Mil:erals, such as
Phunbers, Type-setters, Gold-beaters and
M.iners, as they advance in life, are sub
ject to para!ysis of thie Bowels. To guard
against this, take a dose of WALKERn'a
fisc:OAI Brr Eus cccasionally.
For Skin Diseases, Eruptions,
Totterl', Salt- Rhlileuml, Blotches, Spots, l'im
pies, I'ustuiles, oils, Carbuncles, lhing
wornui, Scald-head, Sore Eyes, Erysipu
las, Itch, Scunls, l)i-eolorations of the
Slkin, liHunor anid D)iseases of thdikhinof
whatever name or nu;tnre, are literally
dug Ip anid car'ied out of" the system in a
sihort tino by the use of these Bitters.
in, Tape, and other WYorms,
lurking in the system of so many thou
sands, are effictuaily de.stroyed and re
moved. So system of medicine, no ver
nnifuges, no authelminitics will free the
ystemu froin worms like these Bitters.
eorFemaleComplaints, in young
or old, married or single, at the dawn of
womanhood, or the turn of life, these Ton
io Bitters displs so decided an influence
that improvement is soon perceptible.
Cleanse the Vitiated Blood
whenever you find its imnurities bursting
through tle skin in Pimples, Eruptions,
or Sores; cleanse it when you find it ob
structed and sluggish in the veins; cleanse
it when it is foul; your feelings will tell
you when. Keep the blood'puro, and the
health of the system will follow.
R. H. D!DONALD &t CO.,
Druggists & Gen. Agtm., San Francisco. Calife .
uia, & cor. of Waslidngton andCharlton Sta.,N.Y.
Mold by all DrugiLsts and IDealers.
EYERY FARMER HIS OWN IILLEL
CHALLENGE FEED MILLS
Combined
8HELLER AND GRINDER
Wil 0Br.l .y atda .
Fee, whether wetordrt,
with ease and p lD
Osage Corn and Cob Mills.
lF leorespthas male zIANss
SEMPLE, BIRGE & CO.,
anaaltauaotrer.ArtPclsuutralapemntI lad p
elmtles. l aiawaere
ISSoulhMala s., I.nLOUISL
SORGHUM iCHIIInERY,
and m. Prlee a wsent to p a lese
opsanuho, wlI =s
meietion in what paper te5
Slaw this advertiseme4t
Semplo, Birge & Co..
r3 SOITY MAr'A 97t.. rT lW1
JOB OFFICE.
ALL KINDS OF
JoB PRINTING
EXECUTED WITH
Neatness and D)ispatch.
POSTERS,
IIAND BILLS,
CIFRULARS,
SWEDDING)and'BALL TICKETS,
-AND-
!
OfEivery Description
Printcd at Reasonable hates.
GP' Persons desirous of having Jon
P1it.TNGo done neatly, expeditiously g ind
cheap are invitel to call at tlhe ofMce of
('OLOUR I I PLATV'I'E. Plubli.-hnd tu'ar
Strly, at ., (etS, a 1Yar. First So. fo,
l;4 just issued. A ~lernan a ditiod at
Address, JAMEIS'VICK,
Ruchuster, N. Y.
1E- BE!ST PAPEI !
BEAUTIFULLY IILLU'STL'RA TED.
'lhe SCIENTIFIC AMEhICAN low in
it:; -:th year, lenjoys tie width.t cir(cula
tio t of any weekly netwspa:pei If the kind
in the worhld.' AI. nw volumle toln01111etl4e
Janlnury , 1874.
1IS (oiten ilts elnlrieC, the latest andl nioe t
I interesting inlormlatiou. p].rtaining t, Ithe
Ind1ustrial. Mechanical, and 6cIiutilic 1ro
,'ress of the World ; D scriptiou:s,i wiIh
ie:1 ifuil Engraviis, otf tNew In veltion.,
New Pr'moe'ss s, :llaid 1npiouved I:dustries.
of ;Ill kiM1Is : 'sfuill Not,.s1 , Ricllecs. Sg
gisti ions nod A'ivice, tby PI'tatical Writ.er:.
lojl' W4orknlti (l anid Luplouyes'.: inl all the
vai ious tarts.
The SCIENTIFIC A3II:RICAN'is tl.e
cheapelst antid best illustrated weekly pa
per published. Every nulunIhr coot:li:s
Iront 10 to 1.3 original engraviings of new
llachiilerv anll(i iltJ(, illvtnlltions
ING(ICALVI GS. illustrating Improve.
mlneiits, )i.'tCovel ies, and 1,,1 lurtant Works,
Ip.tainitg to Civil a1 3Mocthamica E.g1i
necriug, Milling. :lining and M:'talllurgy;
l,,o'rds5 of the latvst p: ogress i:l the Aj,
plicntiins of Stllll . St'1Ia ! .Ill;h iu i ritn' lg,
1aila'l'ys. Shill ituildling, av igatio i,.
Tel'graphy, T're graph Engii'eeing, IEI
trieity. M.1guetisiun, light lanld eat.
FAR3MElS, Mecan:lics. l tngin(etrs.
Invetoirs, Mlannfit ture rs. thenmist.:, is ow
r1is of I' ic.Ic' , TlM ea lht . tr, (_'lt'.nwt', La -'. -
yers, iandl P1ple of all Pro'tsiolls. \il
f1id91 tic 8Cii:xNTIFIC A11EII(CAN tetfisul t
them. Itf shoul have a place in every
FIainil', ibrary, S tidyl, of11li, auld Cllou;i
l'g IJuon1; in every 1ualdi:;g lican,i
t.'tle' gf(, Academy or . ehqol.
A ,'ar's I1111umbe s 1',ntain 1:3} ptagp s a1d1
Sit:VioL I Il'xnDtIn ENtI:.tLING.. T'hoi
lands ofi volu llws aire perstl'ived for ºhiltld
ing and reft'rem'IIe. '1The p1ractii.nt1 r'eeiplt
aor ivell wor'th tesn times the sulrceripltion
priceO. Termns I8. a year by 4mail.. .is
' ,iiit to C1lubs.. Sp;1cilnlons sct free.
May be had iof i.l Netws Dealers.:
I A 11 EN S. tiwl CIENIFnIu
AMI-:me'.tx, Messrs. Met' & Co. are
Solictors of Annerican and Foreign Pateuts, ý
:111 halit t the largest estldishmentr in the
world More than fifty thiousand apple t
tinshave )teel maitefr la.+patents thirulgh
their agency.
P1ate:.ts a1 1it, btindtl o4 tthe best terls
:h,,hls,of Newv i ovnti:4 411d .t rtchi s
cxamdined aw adt ei)v tre. All pahtent.
are publtibshed in the Scientitic Armerica':
I he week they, issue. eft1.u foIr Paia1Vhi:t.
!II pages, hlaws and full di rctiuo:s tir
oltaintig i.4)1'teits.
A ilhr'ss ..M the I:Paper. () nto!1c'er!,.inr
Patllts, 'xx &.i Co.. 37 P'ark Rmow
N. Y. I.:rath Otilice;, cu'o. IF and iith Sis.
tX'lashi;,tol n. I) (
Ja.y1 I 1'574.-1Y
l'CII SATURD)AYE VEXING POST.
l Bt'eatifull Chlroull to evtery ytearly Subn
selrit .,r.
.A i· AIELE TLIF E (IRI-T II IOl-1.;T
A Wi ER:LY CONTl' h il, , O.
The Saturday Evnling Po),t hai, b'41
he gl.at L:teiraly WIkIy fi'r hlf a c.l.
'lu'y. It plUhibishes S>r1ial aftter rial i
"iix Adder (lh, great iHill4Wuorist.) is .
larf c0llll o lr Ctor Ziu the sCpwlin(.,
Sliet ithl Wiitt , - i- o t e tri ofSi tclar rp
4., lrlv. O4liv4te Ji'. Dais 1b0.ri l,
l,'1(ti " h .hles , i tl,.t.. arl'V A'r lqu i, iol
Ori prciiun Chrono 1 or tlie co4mihnV..'
\,,ly i4t Chil~e1 o. h 7.
.Jl)., one iof) thie ohlest anid lnst tle-i
;his i.Chmranol will Ir give t oli l eveiy yentii
ieln1'litwer! The pirice of the Post i
fifty icTsll low er to Club Nubhcltriberts1'9 t1
the pri'ers of illtlhe otIhr lirst-chss 'ek.
lies, and yet we give eiach of tlhiin
Lth1'onio lI.Orith ,
TERMS-Alway, in A(dvfIce.-Out
copy (with harontu,) $3.00. Flur tropic,.
(and ftnn ChroinL)s,)8$.00, Six .omis'(iU d
iglht Chrouios,) $1t;.(t0; A I'h, s, r '
his lilsI cliub will be t'titld 1441 to a
,f ThtPoait andil .an oi .. .
Oiie tlrti op Till Slie et 10.'j0t,) il41i4.1l
f .\rihur :. l 119,1 i ' siv izi9 r,( ( -, il.) 1 1 i.4.,
It Lon mi4 t1 h1e Ilit lI' niltit i , ph t'rli( ,I
Her'n'i WntTos luiti h n ilo lul erV. I'ifi'
4) ,,rl e l. ll.. o ) i9. t 'he if'1r 1i,' if 4]lii
: 1. . i tv it it ti. C hr I nll4 a, 14 <( ,r 4.
THE SAT1URDAY EVEENING PO T.
•319 WaIniut lStreu, Philhdelphili
Nov. 15.-ly.
VIA THE
INrTER~INrl at L ANMI GoREAT NOlTllm:l1:
Pasanugers going to T"'exa via Mophi4i llA aRl
ittle Rock, '4r viO Shrievet'rp?, shrike, thi. li~ n
_la; Longrtiew, thie ,e ll1itm h'i ht , 9m PI'l44st
Hernie, Waco, Auntin Jltunitvsvle, nloul,
GalveaIton ,nd all poiOiLt in WeLtel rn~ ral.
ScL~asengltrs via New Orleana will la111d it tbl
iest lioutle to TylE"r, Melincol. 1)alla, Overton.
Cri'ockett, ilill-4ew iln all1 point1 ill ELal'ti
anil Norteaste.rn Texa..
This line in well (euilt, tlhoroghlV tq'uipped14
with every modern iOJproveineit, i1u :h1,4i4ng
New and 49leganet, Day Coaelhis, Pnilmani Ill1.
ace4 i1iWeping !'ars, WVestiughonise Air I'Nrah,.'
Miller's Pateut Safty ,l'|atormw and 4)coup
Iins; Blill I)d n4w1hre 1esn Can the pati.,eiger '.4)
eoiuph'ltly deipend oil a sploed., aae,14d 4c441i1
f1rtabhh j4nrill4 y:
'iThe LONE T'rAit ROUTE has admirablyv
11i..werl.'led (14e qliery,,: "'1tir 1o go tol Te'lx4i "
hy Ih1 publicalhini of(it I",t 4'Sreti! 19iin tilruth
ful docum4unt, conltaining a vilunbli' anui 4)r
i'tct ilaip, which cal be obtain ll. 'ice 44r h4ir4+.
hb addrea4 s'iing the GENERtAL TI' KE1
AGENJT, International ad Great Northero
R.aidrodl, Honetn, Texas.
I4itrirct E. l th It.
T'he Faoreite Home Remt4d,
T!'S;i un1 iv:~l!,'d r les#ic'ine is wnrtnasf4
not to ceoltui:n a single pat title of mta'rd
or any injurious substaceI, but is
"I:IEL' VEGETABII.E,
rcont;aitinig t ho.s Sout'hrni roots aznd hertl
SLieh on ail-wilt, Prov.idetnce tthas placed
in r+t'. riet sh'rt' Livrer Dis.ease s m0e
F it . t, It will Stute :JI D ct.~as . au'itt,4
I draiuriln;telg t of the Livetr and BoweL
Siu itlls Liter R ul;t:r, or lrdicit,
(. mtinet:tly a Famiy M.ditine: and by
b'ing k' t re.ady for inau.'dciatr rTstrt w;il
sav1\e malltV an hour otfl'.ri:L. antlmtamy
a dollar in time and doctors' hilljJ.
A.' frr ,,ver Forty Years' trial, it is. sill
r'.ceivirng thl:e nst unqualified ttstimoniala
to its virtue fiomt lw-IsoUs of the Li-gh"_
cltaracter andi responsibility. Etuiutit
phyllicians conimend it as the most
EtecttdI Spctit-e for Dyspep.ia or ill
gtstioa.
Armed with this ANTIDOTE, sill ciiat
;ild iliangers of water antid fted t V Ie
twee'id wit hunt fear. As a Remelly in R'.
I.AUlIOCS FEVEI:S, BOWL ('3O1
I'L.AI N'S. lPI.st lessntess, Jaundic,, NauSes
It is ti:, t hpalj'tst, P'Purest and Ikmt Fal
ly lledicine in the World I
Is manufactured only by
J. HI. ZEILIN & C00.,
Macon, Ga., and Phild1'hlphita
Price, One Dollar. Sold by All Drxggti
1Dec.2J-ly
R R. R.R.
RADWAY'S READY RELIEF
CURES TUE WStST PrAINS
In fromnOrie to TWenty MInutes,
MOT ONE HOUR
a~tmshr g det sdaaImemae m ea
5U'FFE1rt WIlI 1AI1.
BADWAt;'s iAllyT a.UI r A CUR M
It wa:theshLL.a
The Only i'a*. 1Renmedy
that instantlyW'op.themaIeant patas,
attimmauso. mtad sPe ttse. ewhaber
Lungs, umuaa, eowqet, e'  nior ra, bI
.aeapphieauin.
IN FROOM OEl TO TWlTT UIIUTIR,
to matter how Ytolent @ fsians t
Ieraignr eoirorwsates witamee m r .
RADWAY'S REABY ULIEP
, WBAlr AFFOID INTIA5IhSJL
INPANXATION OP TEHR ID1)UIp.
ISFLAIMATIEo UP tIm e.A
INFLAMATWN U1P THl SoUts.
BOBE THROAT DIFrlITCOLii
I'AW'ITATIoxt o
IITSTEBIcd, Cwuet, inS , 3fT
3BADAcR3, TOOTEArcs.
--lKU.rU 1a. SHUAWUIM.
COLD CHIIUM, AUUMl UNILL.
TheapplieitcaufimIthe Re 1r 0 ý twjttp
tai sieruaesapieo diamay iso ltep t esJ
and ('ustutr
Tweanty dropiilfaaII aa ewasf alasl
M_.AItefhtIR,, h'Kl 1. )ADJtD1 I)11 KEi4QJ;
DTSKNTERT, 0touc1 IN D Ill hOa0
a-lall I l'TRNALPALIS.
r'as veadl Rhlledlsml A t aa e
Wnter wtllprev nt u ea er r adIe _rau .Ihage
water. Itma tiorli fea b trllr i eates ma
attmulnit.
FEVER AND Aiei.
FPVER .lAD) GtTGecrafw lAy wP . TIer I
and Aloe ad alt usher aJtW atLs.. amrig
LIEF. fatycentsperuwe
HEALTHI BEAUTYIlI
STRONG A# W F rt e SaT OD-ICflA
All UTIFULUoUi.UII 85 toALd
DR. RADWAY'S
THE CREAT BLOOD PURIFIlE
HiAs NADETI7 ror AUTONr'ntl eatRE : P.
QUlII,.sO RiAPID ARt TSR Cla.E11
or"U T TIS z oLL MrW .DCItW
Ever lWy at keran inEl I
an Weighti Sela alFll
..Every drop of as 3LARSPttAULTT, SrJ V RE
-EN emalsal e . eRod.awe,. rle.
ad oth-r Flo. s hed  las syorte, oeteI
oud i sa IPalera vouer Iult.. .eu. .a
Wth*era itrao~ u *e.iltit, w*l
espnle noawilseob, e mSIpall rereue rad p . , .
ithnew m terial rom reql' t rol, ondal
wonderhtioreraihemles. cewss d- ' . "'
eeta poteat Pcur toersI lhe
Vthe put.istw.lly biecmtuar'l rdueeuln br lervl
heaeadd4eeomlpnDl.beerS tttetle r ranagsad Id
-ni-tdi wU n sdr wCeonbittserenp.Y
kerlaoiavef abermene r hi gem-uhF c.. se u it
op *eLane f terepe.ircntin ten r'pt. a:. ud
moe AlbUm doelretad n a1 ev a whtA r rt rea.'*
Iuek.4lusdLp emS sathe .a , itc., ~l d t irs
w-ltepoAti'dekcuethor ofa es$ ,;i
w-ite silk, 4 rh., re,. a td. a u ark. Canl:p- l,.
seeAi a, nd whet l*Ceah woit., o u ,e.il b1
,pricking. btirmlareasr na whe pwasing wte.r,
parnrn eate Is la Ta'n OtObsins
Ctsta, bV laldUI ' Re.oirllvet
' DR. RADWAY'a
.o eig, tale'. a c t s1eran iem ,,e of the In.
' rVe.gtb~reaiun r glpeeaa emal. Eor
1agueder tha . tte~p. ervous OnteMW
perBog. o. D HY IIpyoT.g -
READ OFAL RAI A?1r TRUILn" 3114 *te
xkjapt,,R ADWAYMuia I· t3W·oIaerL,"
Yoasrk In't'rna~quse t thousan e~at l