Advertisin~g Hates. Irui v leoit
)t~~ itni
2 qIar~ ii; III 1111 IS 111 ",I lIltý h~ 141I~t~l( 1:e~~\ tI
{ lg titi +,l " I I fill 'it .., ill till! I. ti lli;s /
4 + 'IgU l fica ra o ncWie iiesof1e avrSbre '2eny .aciohs aihs ltt XItitittiti ,tlt
11 1 1 IIIre+ lI I;Ii1, u, .. u !; n 6 O li
, ralIllrP " lhýý {1 I I1 Ilt l i i f l II fl
Agnarl'v..~~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ý ,o ýi.:n 0 uýýl!
BUSINESS DIRECTORY.
-A IIN - F:ilr l ;i,,,l i,<,,ii (', I I ' i '11111 r i
.. ('hurh i r t
PF'I "-T' " ý ~ l itan - I.tt ardnt -
.F l ine' W ine.. UI.,ln"1+a il it_;, St.l),.ni.
A LLp't-t-I -i I ,t lilr,,nt. i t - l i + S'il ,t.
. 1:\0 1 ;1 i 1 I, t. l ,1 i.
'-.reet.
S ,; 11 - '1a 'l , 'I, ,.f . r ' 1 Ih ull St- rl it.
KB I)I iL- i Nl. ,i; t ,l I'i -, l.i made tlllld
. TRep,it't ,. tit l ,ni+ 't1'' t.,
r (,''[ L - Itll ) c I' \ %\ Pif EI .L L \ , , 1 ,'h : n+li-u '.a t _
1 Plant ntttln l' w<t' ' n +front ,,+l t vv .
tor yr a t Lt a . W ,hin tn tetir t
C A LS~pI'I '1 LE\I-:!I', l' II; -lI ' tI' ,ot lC , a1ri l t ,.
1T111l. I I i tl l t ` . .
T a ncd-t. I ',, '. t ol
Ao E 1if S e ;In. . i h' l s. I r, ant ,t 14.tn4t.
--T --ct P : Il:01:'I, I ; 1. .\ tlnrnrc in
r A . LONi r" witt- W. If. .I:i r1 ',r11'1e Stl
J .I N i, LI t', .TItater i t i IIel- I i
( 1 e. fartler 'a td . I Iali1n ' "r l ot t.' . rh.im.
1IilIE' -1t',,,I : sh .s. m ;,o h ;l l a n !,.lir.
T DITI', K EM' . 'I.. IIt;\11 ': Y '- l .,r,, I 11(1 ili t, I N I
t Lary pl ubli',. ('nir t lI,,in- . "- l ,tiv,,t.:
H EST ENI 1.,1: ýt'rrrvanl
Ti'nwari . Ftr i ,et -.
[ j.)AI:F - . l.)iy .t" ,i, lll Iii lril', l'rolnt
i ' street. .
T DUCASSE't'fl a r0 I F l\orl tt 1 +1l- t ntlI
." Dry ;odsn and ;r 'vtrrit e. Firt +ntr l .
liiON 7A " -l ..... tt ual 1rV,'ri ....
Frolnt ,1tre i.
.PE ' - Sir Dialer at.t"l. ideA, ie-ti ',i
NEKIN- A 1-lr It and I t 7 i i' ,Ittr
F ronll, tr'eet.
SJAClei - iDry Gooi. ai l ; ir ,,'ee11 i+, I,.nltwt
. th fldirt b i lt . ,lt't n Stt r ,i'I,.
I- IV - I , 'lt+ ' \ _It, , . I - ii, w l I·rh,, ih, .
) l Cow h E' I)irt yi l t tfar.m+ t reet.
S1 ;Wa hin to Inct. r t.
JAS. GENI, I4 -1)r\ lioall 1o l1hd " ','iv ri 1
ner Jetlte"ron candl Alnlet Strot tts.t
J W. SDDll\TI--Th, Phoeini--t'hih' (i
Sqlors awld FiAirDSt . Tanid SitrCe
JAS. M. r. 'Il'KEl'N --, ttiorine at Lalw St t
Denin Stre ,t.
As. KINM A-l.Watelchmaker and ,tVa.li r, St.C
Denis street.
J DTNCKLI:,\L ...II,(rtmers awll , tilh 'y,
J Washino l·Jn 'L IIT (ttt.i
J CTRI( aEI,-- l tner lt, M rchandir .l'ahr ti h
VEI LEA ---I'.-i-y utiPlntaio
i. rIngtEonli street.
l DU. CASSE- ,n-- ral AI-lorttnl.irot ilf \f, r
cbhandize, Wnashin tun street.
P H.STEPFENS-[ltulneu" F ardl, intierr tion
SFPront Latfay'ette and \Vashin'lton strl'i't,
J. McOOerK al IeRF.-o-inerl r wht t leal
SaP Retail D-ealer i- d Sle A et for t agll'll
ol., Washington st relt,
J A. DCOURN.\l°-FVanev and t'.pl,. try
S* ollood B foots. S eill , Iats anl d (tlothillg.
FJront street
.AIfEST. SPRI)WL - Houe, sign,11lll IId or
Snmental painter, Fron t St.. corner Tol' lia
L l' C lit lti u' it , ,l o . li oicel
JWine., Lign'rs an Cii r I, I 'olF nt street.
LEVY& PHILLIPS-Full stock Fanciy and
Staple DIry Goods tanid Groeries,F'ront ,t.
L DIPLIX. -Land Aent, St. Denis street.
ý( H. CARVER-Dry Gonrnt, Grnrerii. and
"* General Mherchandize, Fronlt street.
O SCHAFFRATII-Btoot and Shoe Maker,
I. t. D nis Street.
O CAPMARTIN--ek ral Iih.ansortuwntut and
* GTids aw r all kindis, retti - +t -vet.
POWELL & ( A LLION --Ph.icahio iand lr
eLtonr St. IDe is Stireet.
p eaTLEMAN - euaI de takor. Iu ahltincrliroaltlo
P t street.
p H A ('LE -- n trk.- itiain.t ,tre tt.
Cwornk ard hankmihing, orer i and
P VEa AN o--- e.m ly "a e, lntatio.Dn
S. . A LVE lS.--lD, nltist,+ Jeff', rloll tr, Ieiet
R , . pEL RKlMl--hl iap Fanily dil M aiter'
* Gro'try Dealer, Frontt r',l.
R P. tHUTON-Livo rySle andl Fh Stableh,
Physicians.
R.& POWELL & GALLION,
RAVE ASSOCIATED THEMSELVES IN
THE PRACTICE OF MEDICINE
AND SURGERY.
OFFICE ON
St. Desis Street, :: N: atchitoches, La.
J5a u '78-3m
'at. a. *Dunn,
Physician and Surgeon
nonigomery, La.
Notary.
A.. i0. Lemnee,
NOTARY PUBLIC
(Office under Vindicator Office,)
ST. DENIS STREET,
NATCHITOCHE, LA.,
Apra i.
Pr1of" Ssioliiail Card,.s
V" V m II. J'i 1ºýC1
I//i, Hi' \ l: 1( . .i; , tl u -ill l. I at'.
Ili l· N \'h.lll ' (:"IIITI Hl1 ' litil llll .II1I( 1'. l;
` `I. ~l'~.liw w. I ;.II nut 1:"1 I'lr1 11 lu h
1`In''("ý+11' t .1ti I .1 I'l I; t \l~ r
V01. m) DA:' . IG1EzOTV3',
.I T'v'IXI IT( CO 11Vs. L. H.
SItlo·iesti. Ilr,
I~\'rll CEl~tla in flrc· I')jstrlvllf\ Ciht1ir I1 ,
111 Itlini . i lr;It ti%.I V fii C1IiIfI :u trilici n ', tajtlru Glu t 1t'tlr
it tlt". ii l inli t!i~i tl\ li t( 11 1('n( (It',. t l~
ATPOR & COUNSL OR' A LAWI'.
C I PI (t'.I, tilt` ~I1NUEý t i. &~ (II' P11 I.` ,
` T I1 Il'rUtir iJ till. I', tiih a . iu
ittl) t i . t '( I1 )1 tI lt If II lt I tih it , ;I I- l i+.
IAuil iii I lii' J:"knt i nt Coin c ti S if
P N ie hu I rl t l'tus ti ulti en 1 Siit
I ' eiIt i 'e nilr a td iii liii', it, ciin llltitut It
Sn. Deluis StrG et,
A ll ,n.ieii l1i ttriitt n I't l l.: to I it-M(iO wl
rece tIive t prom t allhittunt 14111. `t'i
Otruliu ' w ith W.n II. ,Jack( :to., 1enu-ill
istreeIiit', Cone t i Ind eatiix. Ntcnlhitoclos,
(1La. ly lice. s-y.
Business Cards.
C. A. IlLL.A\RI) N. 11. CAMPBELL
Butll+rd & (1aniphell,
-I).11.E RH IN
DRY GOODS,
G-IOCER EIS,
iTA Il)WA Rt .
And Gencral Mt'rc, hanlisi .
Corner FRONT & L.\I.\YETE Street,
.\ tchhilocheit , La.
I IGIIEST cash prie paid for cotton and
I countryi prodnel in cash or mirrchalndise
Sarch '23 --ly.
Peter TVeu-Weman,
-DEALER IN
FA JIL Y GROCEJRILES
A, full as.sortlmenlt of W.\VI-P\PIR coln
stanltly oln hand.
S0n,.al indic lieneits to CASHl (C stollrcs.
WASHINGTON STREET,
N;Ltchlitoches, li.
March 25--1.
,T. 0. Trichel,
-DEA.LER IN-
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD
WARE, BOOTS and SHOES, lHATS,
ETC.
Highest cash price paid for Cotton and
Country Produce.
WASHINGTON, ST.,
NATCIIITOCHES, LA.
RE. E. BnT.R.i.E,
-dealer in
GROCERIES
FRIONT STREET, Natcltiloches, La.
c. L. WAIr.MS i. H. . , WAL.MIis.EY
C. L. WALMSLEY & CO,
COTTON FACTORS
-AND
GENERAL COIMISSION MERCHANTS.
Perdido St., New Orleaun, La.
March '25--1y.
Oscar Chopin;
COTTON FACTOR
-AND-
COMMISSION MERCHANT,
No. 65 CARONDELET ST.,
July -ly Naw Orleans.
Iv the :newst 1.1ni13 b::ii IfI ever :' -i Tiy
sufferers front n a,!p ntt::: ry ,el u :, ,e=.
It is corals .p',t of h~.r"i l pr"du,'t -, t lh,'h
have a sI'eilie I ,~~. o the, t rIl.a t :1 i1
lumnrg: IdeItch;E'li a irllIl hi . O'ells It' l i'
ritati, n i m atter ; ( cv 'l.- ., it to ',h , expr, "o
rated, anLd iut once ( t'h,'l. the int :llmailato i3
which produce,4 th. (+ou ihl. A i mi;le (don%,
relieves the most (list 1resIti' paitrox) s.l,
soothes Ttl'l '(lil;r n' Iand el 'll.bl' s the %f
ferer to e4'ionV (lict Ire t at nliht.'t It(ln:: i
plaesanlt (ortli:a, it lourl It' . ,nk i.;u
(teln, allnd is spCIIallC y recomlnllitle(d for
children.
What others say about
:Tutt's Expectorant.
Had Asthma Thirty Years,
It.\ rv1nVs, Feruarv 1, sc-i.
"'I have hud A'tihma ta.rty; vears, :uti no. crhiund
a medicine tlat i.hd such a !. I ' le t dh t."
W. F. H-OGAN, Charles St.
A Child's idea of Merit.
: E\w OIt.E \`.,, Ko''O _'rvnr Ii, 1 4.
"Tutt'sErpectr r:nt is a faiuili tr n.lncin i:y h:n.ate.
My wiie thinks it the best mcdit inc in the wornt,
end the crhilretn iv it is 'ni, r th~an me -: is ;
candy.' ' NOAH WOODWARD, 101 N. Poydrcs It.
"Six, and all Croupy."
"'I n:n ::c inotherof six clihlr,,n ; all of them hav"r
teen cr.' ,v. W\ ithout Tl tt'. ]xp:, cr t' rl't, I d(!r t
think tii v cic1lh have survived surme oi the attack .
It is a mother's blimin ;."
MARY STEVENS, Frankfort, Ky.
A Doctor's Advice.
1' In my practice, I ladvise all families to keer Tutt's
Expectorant, in sudden emergencies, for cough',
croup, diphtheria, etc."
T. P. ELL!S, M.D., Newark, N. J.
Sold 5 all druggists. Price $1.00. O'ice
35 Murray Street, Nerw 'ork.
"THE TREE IS KFOW BY ITS FRUIT,"
"Tutt'sPi!f nare v',,rtithe!: ir weiLt in fnd."
REV. 1. R. S!MPSON, Louisville, Ky.
" TuItt's PI;:! n " -r  'ic of the nine
teenth century."-.REV. F. R. OSGOOD, New York.
"I have ttsed Tutt' s r tnr;cr of the liver.
They are supator to any n;midic,:e for biml)ry dis
orders ever mi-e.l
I. P. CARR, Attorney at Law, Augusts, Ga.
"I have t:sed Tetd's Vhlse years in tny firmily.
They arc uncq alcd f rcostivenessand bi!iousncss."
F. R. WILSON, Georgetown, Texas.
'I have used TuWO's Miiewith great benef.t.9'
W. W. MANN, Editor Mobile Register.
"We sell fifty evl tts Piila to five of all
ethers."-SAYRE & CO., Cnrtorsvillo, Ga.
"Tutt's Pills have y to trinl to establish
their merits. Thcv t wrcliike m.ti u."
W. H. BARRON, 96 Summer St., Boston.
"' There is no medici well a ! :,'tc, to tthe cure 1
of bilious di'nrdcr< s lnt's Pill-."
JOS. BRUMMEL, Richmond, Virginia. r
AND A TH" SAND MORE.
Sold by druggists. 2 rents. a hn.r. Office
35 Murray Street, Ne'w l'ork.
---- I
TUTT'S HAIRDYE
"o"ZN DORS ED.
HIGH TESTIMONY. '
FROn. THfR P."!c'r" t' Inr'R.IA-L.
'A CREAT INVENTION
has been lady bly fI. tIt Il 'ie Yorkl
which restores ' a t htill Iaut It tothe hair.
That emllnent ellwilit ha. e'ncetle'd In
producing a lanir itve whitc I lrit:tes
nature t. perfection. 'ld bachelor-, mnay
now rejoice."
Price $1.00. Oflfen 3! Miurray St., t
New York. Sold1 by all drugigists.
N - -a
A iIMystery Solved.
Th/e( Gretftest 31culical Triumph of
.lloder, Time.'i( ! The l/ttlerious
('rhanel of I)iscna.e i)iscolered,
and a C'rtain Cure Pro'i
dfl, The Stomach,
Lirer, and Bo'c.ls
th ('entre (f
P.ih OO S lILLS,
)ij.~matic Iis-lver.
PARSON'S
PURGATIVE PILLS
Are tihe result of long-confin red Scion
tific illi'vesi:.tiaio, a.lil are Warranited to
Stonaclh. Liver, and Bow'ls. No grip-:
ijg pains hllow thie use uf tlhese Pills,
nIlles.1 tilt lhwels nre iutnlacled; but Rle
lief, Inlmlt diate RetTlict; may he relied
upon. As a Comlunot Famtily Physic
PARSON'S
PURG(; A TIVE PILLS
itanld lunequaledc bLefore t ihe ssorlI tto-day.
By varying the doe aetordingi to direc
tions, 'iar'stns' Pltrgative Pills efliectatlly
)'rtify the11 Blotid n1d grtatly allhviate,
if lot entire'ly cIllre Dy),sp'psia, Scrofula
or King's Evil, Rose. Erysipelas or St.
Anthony's Fire, Eruptionis, and Erptive
Diseases of the Skin, Salt lIheucm. Tet
ter, iilrwolrlm. So'cs, Ioils, Tumors,
Morbid Swellings, IlIera tious, Pinmples
utd Blotcles.
EVERY BOX WARRANTED,
Most Conmplete Satisfaction Guaranteed
or No Pay.
Full directions around each Iox.
Physicians snpplied by mail, post-paid,
for $2 50 per thousand, in bulk, cash in
advance. We will sei thteso Pills to
ally reliable drnggist or merchant to sell
on coumtission. Ageuts wanlted every
where.
I. S. JOHNSON & CO.,
BANGOR, MAINE, Proprietors.
June 23-ly.
remarkabl t htii t.iti. itgt near
till llTel., bi Deft olismti \it a o
M~orton.
About two years after the Texas
ievolutitsn, a ,ltti'tcultly occurred t e
tween the Government and a portion
,,f the 1,eoile, which thr,,atened seri
>os eonxseqtuences. Briefly, the Con
stitution made Austint the lermanent
pil al, but empoweredliti tlihe President
to o ]der the temporary removal f the
arehieves in case ,,f danger from a for
eign euemy or sudden insurrection.
Thinking th tt he exceltional emer
lgency itl arrived, as te Cti t'rmanch-,
is were committing ravages within
l'sight iof the capital, President ous
tou, who then resided at Washington,
on tire Brazes, despatchedl an order
It i impossiblei to descri o he ex
citement which the promulgation of
't'i i !ti't it host, \\lililtI oit. IC Ve lt', lit
'Nvi ' ti it'. t ]tOtli'i l it p are it h '.1 i il.
this order ra listed i Austin. The keep
rs of hoitels, boarding house, gdloce
S\\_______ on(ts tldlte tr\a I
fies, and ftro banks were aghast. The
measure would be a deathblow to
their business. A mass omeeting wasi
icalled, and ta het frers of the sur
rounding country, who were all more
or less interested in the question,
came in. After many fiery speeches
it was unanimously resolved to pre
vent the retioval ,llf t i aprcoives.
Four the led armed mten vol ntered
to guarod the State l ouse. The com
mande r iof this force was l. Morton,
who had distinguished himself in the
war for indepen dene, anti more re
Aetly in twil desperate duels, in both
Ff whitch he had cut t his antagonists,
nearly ato pieces witha the bowire-knife.
Indeed, fim his reputation for vindic
tivenessas well as courage, it was
thought fth at President louston woul
renounce his pupose as soon as he
shoiuld leat n wilt, was thie leader of
the opposition. Morttn swore that if
othe lirosidet succeeded in removing
the ttreorls he would himself hunt
him down likose a wolf. Scie even wrote
te erno of San Jaeinto that effect.
The latter replied in as note of laconic
brevity:anao an ght e
"Asf the people of Austin do not send
the archives, I shall certainly come
and take them; and if Col. Morton
can kill me is welcome to my ear
cap."
AOn the reception of this answer the
guard wasuna dioubled arouned the State
House, chosen sentinels were station
ed along the road leadting to the rcapi-e
tal, armed mn patroled the ostreets,
and a secret committee went into per
manent session in tha e oCity Halol.
aOne day this committee waere suor-t
prised by tie sudden appearance -of a
strainger, who se m e of enter ing the
room was a extraordinary as hois
tivenese as well as corvage, withiwas
looks and dres. He did not knock atu
the closed deer, but climbing a small
bushy-topped live oak, which grew
beside the wallo, he leapted athrough ao
hofty window. orHe wats clothed in
thebuckskin, carried a long and heavy
rifle in his hand, wore at the bottom
of his left suspender a large bowie
tknife, and had ino his leathern belt a
couple of pistols half the length of his
gun. He was tall, straight as an ar
row, active as a panther in his mo
tions. He had a dark complexion,
luxuriant, jetty hair, and piercing
black eyes.
ckWho are you who thus presume to
intrude among gentlemen without in
vitation ?" demanded Col. Morton in
his most ferocious manner.
aThe swanger returned his stare wite
compound interest, and laid his long
bony finger on his lip.
"Who are youm Speake ! or I'll cut
an answer out of your heart!" shoutea
Msrtang Thoe oanger roemoved hie
1 ift. hit tsi sieied antl hehl bta'k.
"Let him alone. Mortnll, for God's p
.(e," , xclaiu dll hi. f 1icltlds. "1)o
ii
tiu t nItsee th' t hIle is era.'y :"
A.t this nmonolt, Judgl Webb, a man '
of shrte d and c+ nstsI c (' ll(s Imlanner ni
stepped lforard anud addressed tlhes
iitrll l delr c( olatt'l lllul it : .
"My gioll flrie\l d, I presnnle you
have mide a mlst;tke in t tith, os.--- d
'T'his is a pivate meeting, \Mhiee none n
but mnebbels are admitted." n
Th c ltrangel r did not appear to 'om- fi
lprehe.nd the wolds: bute he dil the
courtesy. Waltzing to a table in the it
ceiitie of the rI'Olrl te se(ize(l a pen Ip
and traced one line, "I amn deaf.''." ti
,Judge i'eebh took the paper and
wrote a question: "Dl)ear sir; Will you sI
be so Obliging, as to inform us what n
is your lbusiness with the nmeting ?"
The str:anger at once handed him a ti
letter inscribed, "Tl'o the tcitizens of ce
Austin.' lie broke the seal and read ,1
it aloud. It was hotii Houllston: s4
Felhow-('itizens : Though in error, ni
and deceived by the arts of trailtos, I lc
will give you thiree days Iimore to de- ,I
cide whethier volt will surrenider the ,
ituqlic archi'ves. At the end of that M
time you will please let me know your hi
deci.ionl. SAM I1f ) 'STON. tl
After the readilng the deaf mann f
waited foi, a few seconds, as if for a ai
reply, and then turined and was about o
to leave the hall when Col. Morton
sternly bekkoned him back to the ta- tl
ble. The stranger obleyed, and Mlr- tl
ton wrote: "You were brave enotugh a
insult me by your threatening looks jI
ten ninllutes ago; ate you brave al
enough n(low to give moe satisfaction "' n
Thle stranger penned his reply: "I II
anl at your service! I.
MI ton wrote agaili: "Who will he
TIe stranger rejoitned: "I am too
gellnerous to seek al advantage, and i i
too blrave to featr ally on the part orf
others; therefore I never need the aid
of a secolnd,'"
Morton wrote: "'Name your terms." 1)
The stranger wrote, without a imo- d
(ments hesitation : "Time, sunset this to
evening; place, the left bank of the si
Colorado, opposite Austin: weapons, t
ridles: and distance a hundled yards.
Do not fail to bie in timne."
lie then walked across the floor and T
disappeared through the window as tl
suddenly as lie had entered. I
"What!" exclaimed tJudge Webb, t
"is it possible you intend to tight that I
man, Colonel ? lie is a mute, if not a Ii
maniac. Such a meeting I fear will e
sa lly tarnish your laurels.v"
"Ylou are mistaken," said Morton, 1j
with a smile; "that mute is a hero ti
whose name stands in the records of a
dozen battles, and at least half as
many bloody duels. Besides lihe is a 1i
favorite emnuisary and bosomn friend it
of Hlouston. If I have the good for- f,
tune to kill hibu, I think it will tempt ti
the President to retract his voww
against venturing any more upon the ,
tield of honor." ti
"You know the man, tlen ? Who v
is he ?" asked twenty voices together. C
"Deaf Smith." c
"No, that cannot be. Deaf rSmitlh
was killed at San Jaciuto," said Judge
Webb.
"There again your honor is mista
ken," said Morton. "The story of
Smith's death was a mere fiction got
up by Houston to save the life of his
favorite from the sworn vengeance of C
certain Texans, on whose conduct he 1
bad acted as a lspy. I found( that out e
.twelve months ago."'
"'Then you are a madman yoursell!"
exclaimed Webb. "Deaf Smith was t
never known to miss his mark." t
"Thle thing is settled," said Morton, '
"I have agreed to meet him. There '1
can be no disgraco in falling before
such a shot, and if I kill himn it will I
be the greatest feat of my life."
Toward evening a vasFt crowd as
sembled to witness the meeting, and I
so great was the popular recklessness
as to of1aire of this sort that bets were I
taken and offered on all sides upon
thie result. At sunset the two men ar
rived, with long, heavy rifles, took
their places, back to back, and at a
signal walked slowly and steadily off t
in opposite directions, counting their
steps until each had measured fifty.-
They both completedl the given num
ber at about the same instant and i
wheeled around. As the distance was
great both paused for some seconds.
'rlie face of Col. Morton was calm and
sniling. The tIce of D)eaf Smith was
as stern and impassive as ever. The
Colonel was in broadcloth, the scout
in smoke-tinted leather.
The two rifles exploded at thie same
instant. Col. Morton sprang into the
air and dropped to tlie earth dead.-
D)eaf Smith quietly reloaded hris rifle
and walked away into tihe forest.
Three days afterward Gen. Houston
accompanied by Deaf Smith and ten
other men, appeared at Austin, and
removed tlie State papers.
Deaf Smith was one of the most ex
traordinary chriracters ever known in
tihe West. He made hris advent into
Texas at an early period, andl continu
ed to reside there until his death,
which occurred, I bilieve about 1dS0.
But, although hie hadi many warm
friends, no one ever learned where ihe
had been born or any particulars of
his previous historiy. When he was
questionted on thie sublject, he laid his
finger on his lip. lis eye was quick
and far-seelng as an eagle's, and his
nose as keen as a raven's. He could
Sdiscern objects miles away on the
prairie, when others saw nothing but
- earth and sky; and thie savages used
to declare he could catch thie scent of
a Mexican or an Indian at as great a
distance as a buzzard his dinner. He
Scould never be persuaded to sleep un
ti der the roof of a house, or even a tent
Scloth.
b The country will rejoice at the pros
, pect of thie early repeal of the bank
rupt law, and they will rejoice the
t more if it is repealed at once, and no
1 future day named for a part to take
s effect.
[lFeliciana S. iut ii l.j
l'ursuant to the call of Goei. Patton,
lh'st., the Stale Centl r t('omnmittee
of the I)eniocrttic lparty will imeet in thi
New (rleans on tihe i:. t day of May
next. This will be really the first a il
step in thj, eiinilitig,. carolinitge, slid an
th
important step it is too. it Ne consi
der it in the full scope of its hearing bl
upon tle n i Inite omentois tlIuetiois tlhat
will be inv\olved in the coute t of ntext r
fall. :\Among other points for their
consitleration will hie that of the call
ing of a c'onveltion of the I)emocratic n
party, and if it were not for some in
titations of a disposition to ignore he
this qlestiolln, too plhain to ho niiscoli
struedl, we shlould ceri'taiiily deem it lh
unllnecessary to alludo to the subject.
\e tlake it as a concedei d llroplosi- :1
tion, that the Dl)emlocracy have sfttir- I
ed suttfeient huniiliatiln ait the hands
of venal and co\\wardly allies, in lieing' i
saddtlled with the reslponsibility \of the
muiserable lanid disgraceful failure (f tlhe nit
legislatuilre to achlivcle those gr'eat
ieastsrlle's of tine reforl'it to whicli the tli
great. )emoclraitic party. with its "onll
sercivative" ally was pledged in the
ihth grand contest which resulted ill
the wresting of thli State governmenlt
froni the liaiinds of the elirlpet-ba ggers w
and placing it in the keeping of our
own people. ti
All the odium of these failuires,
though not in juistice responsible for et
themin, will be hurled upon her with ti
all the might of partisan hate, in
,justice and rancor : she will be held
accountable for the misdeeds of men "
who "tlhough with her, were not of
her," and those 'who seek hIer down
fall will not fail to avail themselves so
of Ilie olpportunity thus offered, to ac- a
compllish her ruin.
We Will not supposei, that any one at
is so blind as not to lie able to clearly u(
see where the blame rests. This
question we will notl here discuss. It's sli
enough to know that the D)cniocratic fo
pari'ty will be made to suffer froul the
delinquencies of professed friends, or
to express it perhaps more plainly,
she is reaping now, the first fruits of at
that fatal step when, to mollify a
miserable minority of mnal-contents
whose generous andt patriotic I.:rTIMA- tl
TU;M was, "Go with us, or WE go with
the I'NE'M," she allowed herself to be te
forced into a political partnership tl
that has thwarted well nigh every
measure she has proposed for the re- I
lief of the people, anid has endeavored f
e'en to compliiss her destruction. In
view of this state of aflairs, we demand
for the people of West Feliciana, that rt
the convention he calied, and at an o
early day as possible, that the great ha
Simuon pure, ''dyeld in the wool" De
inocracy of the State may assemble d;
in council denounc and repudiate the is
failures and follies of recent legisla- c;
Lion, announce its platform of pltinci
pies and put men upon the platform ti
who will battle for those principles ft
through thick and thin, until they are n
vindicated and established. Let the
Committee call the D)emocracy in
council.
Who Loses the Eight Cents.
IHere is the way the New York o
Graphic illustrates it : it
Seventy or eighty papers have
come to hand this week inquiring in a
pathetic %oice, \who it is that loses the f
eight cents when a laboring man e
takes a ninety-two cent silver piece o
for a dollar. Now, this is the very
thing that has puzzled us. Ifa carpen- I
ter receives from the government a
ninety-two cenlt silver piece for a
dollar, and passes it upon his botcher
for:a dollar, and the butcher passes g
it upon the shoemaker for a dollar, t
ani(1 the shoenaker piasses it upon his
landlord forl a dollar, and the landlord
passes it for a dollar upon a nma1on for
work on tihe neow state-house and the C
mason passes it for a dollar to a mert
chant for a silk dress for his wife, 4
and the nterchaut passes it for a dol
lar to the custom hotise otlic'r for
import duties, and the Iniited States
treasury paisses it as a dollar to a sol.
dlier and the soildlier palsses it to the
saine carpenter herein before pIre
viously nientioned, we are unable
to see who Ihas lost thle 1
eight cents, llappy thought-per
Ihaps the loss fell oi the salne man a
who did not get it ! Seriouasly, the
sanme man who lost the eight cents
who loses sixteen cents evelry time Ie '
takes four silver quartel'rs, that have
only eighty-four, cents worth of sil
ver in them. But, even then, the I
the five cents nickels puzzle us. In
a dollar's worth of these there is only
niueteen cents worth of metal. Now
will some of the editors who lie awake
nights to figure such things out please
to inform us whio it is that loses tihe
eighty-one cents every time a dollar's
wortlh of nicklels is passed f Who
loses four cents every time a five cent
piece is Ipaid for a glass of lager or a
Scar ride f The little copper cents
Sare even a greater robbery. \W'e have
not the heart to go into a calculation
as to how manuy million dollars are
wrung fromi the horiny-hanlded bond
holders every day in the passageo of
t this debased cent, but it is inuconeeiv
s able how an opplonent of the Bllantid
S bill can pass one of these fraudulent
token-even at a distance-without
Sblushing for the perfiidy of his race.
To Prevent Moths,
j If a small pieces of paper or linen,
f moistonedl with turpentine, be placed in
a wardlrobes or draws, two or three times a
year, it will effectually prevent any dilam.
- age from moths. 1When frs are packed
t away in the Spring, they should be beat
en well with a rattan, in order to dis
lodge any eggs of the mo1th; afterward
brush thoroughly and sew up car'efully
in a linen pillow case ; over all pin news
pap,'rs, leving no crevice where an insect
e could insinuate himself. It would be,
o well to Ipaste the edges of the paper to
e gether. If well dtlone, you need not fear
for the most valuable tfurs.
li(-ge is a tav-iie i l' i , I ,,
The newest lace uitt ;,,:, i:- ,ý 
the ends.
l'a vlan embroidery is soi. ,n
tirely new.
New collars i l , ,nd ui IV ,  i,.
than ever.
alaarabou fling i;s still a 1',l', ito
black fringe.
Mlourning stockings,, at. in, i,, v:
ered with jet lhead,.
Jet will b)e the favor i!, I, ::l1 ,
miog this snnunier.
l'Pretty new fans are of l i-- iit a;1:
boo, hand painted.
Sprling bonnets will Ite el, , liit,
heap of arti icial ,lower:.
Silk gloves in eight-I 'l,,i t , I ,tlI
appear with sprinig, in t i,,,It. ~;,, ,.
l oire satin lit lon. ;:e h l11 ,1,1
minizgs for new spring In'tun <.
Quadrille a Neippe i, f I-, at-v . ,t ;
now flrench iiiateriai fir s,' iF 2.
"Clair de hine" has l;:d ii : d V: , al
thongh it will still be wrn : lit,.
lhinches of ostichl tips will I~" u-',i
fr gatuishing hats and Iour et-.
Pearl bead ornaments anti fini,:
will trim many of the slrinig toit,,,',:s.
Chambery gauze is one of tie l rt
Biest materials for evcliig i - i,..
New paper and envelol. ar'., caiv.
ered with Japanese designts in pi,:tle
tints.
White chip bonnets are lic ,d' ,i t
with pearl beads; black chip ok;S
with jet.
Lovely designs in dlantss-, sii l, arl.
small half-moons in diflrent coli oni
a solid groundwork.
Stockings entirely cheekeil or o,,n
ankled appear for eve i" r " w -a -
novelty in ladies' hosicrv.
Jet scarf-pins are shltwin in ti0l
shape of an arin and hand, ,n Iie
forefinger of which a bird is ,,rchid.
Dainty silk handkerchiefs ire flr m
ed into ladies' Ibrealkifst eaple, w h1
ate tasteful and becoming.
Card receivers of lnssi;a leat t,,.
with bouquets of flowers painic+l t ii
the center, are new and pretty-.
Even the milliners are hclipi i,
tempting bits of pottery as 1iaits to
those daft ornaments of this kind.
Princesse dresses ate mand'e w itl
plain round or square trains, but lpro,
tusely trimmed up the flout.
A whim of fashion just at iresent
requires that you must os-,sis yotir
own likeness on fans, bLacclts and
lockets.
Sacques and circulars have had I hiit
day, and the popular wrap for s1in iin
is decided to be thei graceful, licha
cape.
Evening dresses are given nn ,on
tiq ue appearance by using the lledlics
frills in the arm-holes and around thii
neck.
Gold and silver balls will he much
used for buttons and triiiming this
season. They are carved in a beauti
ful manner.
Exquisite coral sets are in the shalpe
of small half-blown roses; a dlwdrop
in the center is represented by a tiny
diamond.
Kid gloves, fastened with Igohl-link
falls, instead of buttons, are lhie In w
est styles in these implortant artices
of ladies' drIess.
The latest thing in bangles is ti
have the autograph engraved uiinii
thile coin instean of the monogranli and
crest, as fornlerly,
New grenadines are.- s,) \arid in
design that one scarcely reetgnizws in
them any tesembiance to tho Old and
familiar style.
The present style of invi!taitio
eards is one of extreme simplicity.- -
Monograms are discardedl; only pItiin
script is fashionable.
The new mlantelets are round-] ii.
hind, teaching just belohv the waist,
while long slender tabs, in front, are
across the breast in lichu ta.hion.
Ladies' shell backcombs har,'e m), -
ograms enit ini the cenitre of t ie tips.
Fashionable traip piigs a're i lik .,os,
of horses-all marlked with initials
and monograms.
All kinds of point lanes ai. greatly
reduced in price. Torchen lace is
now thie mlost in demand having large
ly isupersieded Italian laces, because of
its cheapness and durahihty.
A new invention is that of a reticlh
and ntufl combined. The et lasp ii -
vides thie centre and tlo Ioc'lt4 flr
tile hands are in each side. This is a
convenient arrangement.
Fringes, gimps and orlher dress
trimmings are made brilliant with tlhe
rair.bow beads popular at. Lresint.
These beads are no line that lilies if
the most fistidions taste are rsi g
them on mantles and dresses..
The ice in Saginaw Bay imoVXed out
of sight Tuesday forenolon, i .ireit
with it twelvei or fifteen fishermenl -
-A tl, with a large pit- ein biad,
i left Bay City yesterday nl nhiig .to
t earceh for them. It fountd and renri
ed the entire party, and brought thie
to Bay City this morning.
The jury in the suit of ,. \'. White
,to recover $41,000 on a dIii bill givni,
n by Daniel Drew, of New York, taile4
to agree, and under the instra ctios
a of the Court awarded Mrs.. rliew $2 ,t
000, the difference remaining on a
transaction on Northwestern shares
between the parties.
The uncalculating e-ithiusi:ianm wvhici
often accompanies ternpern tiii rieviival s
weas pecularly illhstraited .# li . Arkaes
where a club of younn Iue-n' plidged
themselves to abstain flio the use of
ar alehobolic liquors, and thl-i -elcbrated
the occasion by getting drunk on hei-.