OFFICIAL
Paper of the Parish and City ofNatchitoches
JA$. H. COSUROVE, . Editor.
SATURDAY, - - - JUNE 29, 1578.
The Convention vs. the Amlenduments.
We are led to believe that nimany t
friends ofa Constitutional Convention I
are mistaken in the means we should
employ to secure it, and misunder
stand the questions at issue between
the factions in our party on that par
ticular point.
Our opinion of the contest is one
easily stated, and we will do so in
order to set at rest the whole ques
tion, so far as we are concerned; nrid
in order that in future, in discussing
its merits, the premises of each, the
conventionist and anti-conventionist,
may not be misunderstood.
The demand for a new constitution
in Louisiana, and the abrogation of
the present so-called instrument, is
based upon the indisputable fact
that the constitution of 18t68 is uInre
publican, both in its matter and in the
manner of its adoption. Constitu
tions, in republican countries, are
the concessions made by the indivi
dual as essential to, and necessary
for, the government and well being
of the whole. The right to frame or
abrogate the organic law, which has
for its purpose the objects just stated,
is inherent in the people or the masses.
No other power is recognized in dem
ocratic governments, and no other
power can or will exercise it, save
through force, which the people are
certain, in time and if embued with
the determined and resistless spirit
of liberty we are, to overcome.
We ask, in all candor, if the con
stitution of 1868 is a concession of
the unrestrained will of the people of
Louisiana ? Was it not thie work of
force applied by the fanatics at that
time in control of the National gov
ernment? Was it not crammed down
the throats of the people with the
bayonet point; and was not the man
ner of it adoption and the men who
framed it utterly repugnant to every
liberty loving citizen in this common
wealth ?
We are aware that there are men in
Louisiana, thank God, however, they
are but few in number, who contend
that this manner is all "sentiment,"
and that if other than the recognized
power frame a constitution which is
good in letter or in spirit, the 'people.
if they do not submit to it, are fac
tious and "don't know what they
want." In this repubohlic there is bnst
one sovereign and that sovereign is
the people, and the danger to thleni
inalienable prerogative lies in pre
cedent. Once admit the power of
other than themselves to frame an
organic law and the right follows.
As an evidence of the unbending loy
alty of the people of Lonisitna to this
doctrine we have only to refer to their
patriotic resistance during eight years
past, to the doctrinaires of centralism,
the despots of radicalism, the framevs
of the organic law of 1868, which,
justice, reason, virtue and principle
alike demand should be .instan tip
abrogated. -
In what does the manner of the
adoption of these amendient4, l'y
the legislature, differ from the maro
ner of the framing of the constitution
of 1868 ? In not odte essential partiue
Jar I
The sovereign people demanded ~an
assertion of their inalienable prero
gative, it was refused them by the
legislature-their own creatire-and
a lot of amendments instead are
insultingly giren them to adopt: -er
reject as they may see fit. It is simp
ly preposterous that men claimiDg to
be demoorats on principle should ta1k
of voting for these amendments in
part or as a whole; that they shall
excuse the legislature for their trea
son In having attempted to usurp an.
undisputed preragative of the sov
ereign people in satmittiing these
amendments when they bdemanded a
constitutional convention, on the plea
of their being reformatory in their
character and "betted than the ori
gioal." That is not the question at is
use at all. What is to be decided, at
the Baton Rouge Convention is, shall
the sovereign people of this common
wealth surrender their sacred prero
gati.e of framing their own, organic
ha aIato the hands of a legislature or
not! On this test bang trhe loyalty
of every man in our -party, and we
for one will never yield to the per.
niciona doctrine which the manner of
the adoption of these amentdenots
attempt to inculcate. -
The matter contained in the con
atitation of 1868, whichl s a tWhstsan
menase to liberty, a grvseb. to amr
civilisation sad an insaW toii ddr p'i-ln-
ciples, the amend Aedge in a
most abject and co i~dfy manner.
The omissons not contained jo that
bayonet abortion, which: are juike
demanded by every principle of-h·otmor
virtue sad dewecratic liberty, the
amendments, with equal abjectneem,
-, fafltomapply, .-1 : -
The mere qu~et!n 6fAdld,
to the people, poverty atrick g, a
they are, in the way of redaction of
taxation, is a very ameit item in the
pontest. The reform we dennnnd is
* bime strar to JeJervemiaa priae Ib.,
to denooaati@ docutiae, which strletly
- -.- `
adhered to will lead of themselves t. i
pecnniliry benefits. We dethiand barl i
eis to protect our Ilhelt ties frim the as- I
saults of those who would assail themin.
'hen the qnestion at issue is not now
whether we shall have i eorstituiion
al convention, alone; but whether we
shall have a coustitutiotnil courit Jn(ion
oradopj)I 11W a(OendlmentI ! Stnhbs, of
Ouiachita. hIas ti:ale that the issue
when he has the eff'rdntery to declare
that an honest assertion of the pre
rogatives of the sovereigns of this
commoniiwealth "would be fatal to
good governmenuult." The people ac
cept the issue and in accepting it they
leclare there can he no conmnon roaund
between the c otentdinU parties. This
must be a commonwealth of people
sovereign in the fullest extenit of the
woad, and the ldemocraitic party must
be an organized aggression in defence
of that soveieignty or else it must go
to pieces. It is perfects futile and
idiotic to talk of "solid ranks"; of
'"beating the enemy"; of electing
good and true maon." Those men who
insist tha:t the aend uents should be
adopted; who resist the peoplle in the
assertion of their right to frame their
own organic law, nare csr ºnortnl loe
to riepIuliicfl lile'rtya>i anyl thalt c(<f he
found in (ihe radicarl pyre. Ve say
this knowing full well the responsi
bility we incur, and we propose to
hew out future conduct to that line,
come what may.
A democratic constitution for Lou
isiena. Let that be the slogan and
down with the amendments, born of
the samte horrible and vicioiºs pi inci
pIes as the initnomss constitotioLs of
186d.
Our New Orleans Letters.
Number Six,
Which Treats of C'ity Affithirs.
NEw ORLEANS, June ", 1?7S.
EEDIToR OF VINIICATOR:
Having shown the utter failure of the
state aldministration to rise to anything
like the height of the just expectations
of the people in the way of reform; and,
Sworse, having revealed the woeful lack
Sof political sagacity which has charac
terized this admtinistration frtom it adl
vent to the present moment, I turn to
hle consideration of another adninis
trative body, within; and under the con
trol of the State, which is cousideredl of
secondary importance, and yet, which
wields an influnence that is inevitably
felt to the remotest corners of the State.
ºI mean the administration of the city of
New Orleans.
I have often wondered at the utter in
difference with which con ntry membhers
of our legislatures regardl the conduct of
our city afliirs; when, if they woubl
Itake the trouble to inform themselves
and to think somewhat over matters.
they are bound to see that the proper
management of a great city like this, is
a s8et qua non to the State in which it is
located. If legislators wi I look at it
from a broad standpoint, they cannot
3help seeing, that to have this city well
policed, its finances honestly conducted,
and its people lightly burdened with
taxation, is msore important to any parish
in the State than any local concern of
Sthe parish itself. Every parish is, strict
ly speaking, an agricultural comununity.
and from this 2reat city each derives, 1i
rhetly or indirectly, all financial facili
ties it enjoys. Jnut as money is high or
lorv in the great commercial centre, so
f the planter pays ont a part or sill of his
crop for what he wants. If the city is
well conilncted atid attrtctive to Capital,
if those who pursue business in the city
are permitted to accumulate capital. in
stead of paying all their hard earnings
into the insatiable maw of the tax gath
erer, then the country borrower will in
evitably feel the advantage. So, also, if
the city is decently managed in a po
litical point of view, the country can't
t help protiting thel'iby; hut if she is
turned over to the: hands of the profili
gate and unscrupulous, ihe whole State
Ssuaffers.
And Vet, you will find country mem
bers assembling here annually, sthsorbed
in fhe effort to have Alligator bnyou
cleiced ont'Paris incorporated, or Stump
Bridge bafft, while some grand scheme
I for robbery of the Treasury, or taxation
- of the people of the city is being enacted
under their noses, anil even recieving
their votes, without their knowing it.
I was 'oreioiy struck by an illustra
tipn of this thing two or three years ago.
One of the most important, and at the
same time rascally, financial bills-for
the so-called benetit of this. city-was
before the legislature, and absolntely
B passed while the people were remonstra
i tin against it. I was afterwards talk
B ing with a member fram Red River, and.
while explaihiog the iniquity of the bill,
r expressed iaxy wander that a man like
hipushould not, have hseen lound in ac
tive opposition. He acknowleldged the
. truth of all I said. ablont the bill and ex
pressed his dee p regret that it should
have passed. 'BTit"-said I-"wl:y was
i' your voice not heard in opposition f"
'WelV'- said he2-"If must be candid and
tell you the truth, I was engaged in my
1 own lIarish business: I thought your
city members wonid attend to that mat
ter-woeald look after the interests of
your city people-slid I shokld not be
surprised if J voted yes, without know
ing.just what bill it was that was going
"through. .Then"-said I-"yuo ac
r know!¶3dge that you sre not rleally a leg
islatoir for Louisiana, but for -- par
iah." 'He "aocnowledgel the oorn."
IA- this picture overdrawn? Noba bit
of it. And I undertake to say right here
that there is not one single member from
ithe conutry who, on a caudid self cx
amination, will not plead guilty to the
geuorp charge I have brougl't.
Legislation, as betwbten city and conn
o try, id conducted by the active members
on the "yo.9grease-mte-and-I'll-greasse
y jOt1"princihpe, while the two gliat num
Ser of inactives are need as voters with
out their knowing it.
Will this thing never stop? Will not
the copnatry rise to the point of reforma
i tion and sen4 Actiye, thinking, honest
men, dowy here'tolegislate for the whole
State? .. .
I'erhips, yfn may say.-''Bnt 'why does
net the ciefl' sed a proerSe delegatioh,to
the legislature,' and' avoid the inangura
t tion of thw--wsomg yonuseomplavi of I't I.
r repl, that in a gi aticegmopokito places
like this, it is next to imps0sible to pvoid
-getting into the Cegishative Halls, some
m of the tools of teartop existing rings
andI it is into the' andW ottitse the
the country members fall. IT requires
effort study iarfityir hidden
t ih bfli *Lhicih 'are 'dipttvatfing "on the
obtaide aind eietibes - will'not exert
Sthemoite es. They: refer 't4' swop their
6 vAt one that will gw fbi bleen4eg out
Alhgafsi bayon. · I do iht charge- 'or
r tlheiberhe @ *An the -omitry,
liHt I ,tIadfgtenceito, ogreat in
Steardbt lekowp lodhi bi. s ad ob
t wi6ble - ss te,
8 unrely, 4fR t-.f' grtat seeet
to all the people of the State, whether
' New Irleans Ii lightly or, heavily taxed
a whether the souoalled debt that impos
ed on her is legitimate or illeg imate,
w wyther the city legally oweg fve mil
liot~dittwenty-two aulli', ons ofdollars;
and yet I have never coerd it a
single member from the ce01nt wli ho hd t
at all stuidied this snllijct'(', or wco di t
not, indied. .lexhibit a dlegr''ee af In
thereof, that excited llly wolnder I ty11 '
plain laiinatge shall hate the eff et of I
u:Manyi one Inture conutry tumbeth toº !!
tlfort in theII riight direition. I sha4:lli t'el I
that I h;ive not wrItto i l vain. al 1d
n ill be wholly reconiill to having aroins
ed the nger of tell gthri's.
I want our fellow-ritiZens (f IhI no
try to know that Nett )ihth'ai thi' ii
Snae of the wor.t mnal1d cities of 11he1
civilized worldl, and her people are not I1
Duly heavily but mint unju stly 1, ke1d for
ithe benefIit of a cllass whoi proII1,t lnioth
ing, who contributle nothing to tice gen-ill
rlath 'lir', nutanal who (their hadisne4. 11e
ring that (t' So-Galled Creditors of the
city) live hb' lotbyilig Couirts. Ligili-a
Itre' and City Conicils.
lit I hear ,ol s Iay-"How is this ' It 1
vill he six years neixt tall since city :It
tairs fell into I Tiiiirat it-t cisertat it
hands. a'1 iai thlingi' s h: Bail as all
this.'" I answer yes, worse ti an you ipeo- I
ptle of the coIlitr.' have :nclly idela o(it.
The Wiltz acl iicnistration was cl ti l'
1)enmocratic, but it smothered its 1)enmne
racv by asking Cmmnissions itf oftiie at
the hanus of l'inchbaek, acd by retain
ing the dcespiseld tleorge S. Lacey as City
Attornety. Of ollrS e, l'reforl witas tou
possi h. They sitmply Itu n the machi ne
in the Radical rut in which they tound it,
and wheti they wtllit out of otice they left
things worse than when they entered.
It is a long alind sad story- the histoiry of
that >laluiniistrationi-to) long Tit till in
tihese lItteris. Mitce toI say, thle ato'rs
in t 'he fb're tratgedy stanlld as notalht ex
aIiihleT of th titter unitlitness oIf imen
wIhec seek utice. :ind Ihe t worse than
tilly of a peoli ple voting tto ule Mtho ido
seek ttlite.
'T'l( Leeds,' administration seas next in
order. and it will always he known in
our history as au administration wllereof
one eightlith hart was really chosen byliill the
ipeople antd noHt byl a "ring" of enll ies of
the people, Polities had reached a fever
point under Kellogg that forced the peo
ple themselvell s to selection. I did lat telr
myNself oni that occasion with the hope
I hat thliv woul Ilo their work weill, but,
as usual, they stopped short anal seemed
satistied with dictating a Mayoilr. Charles
I. L-eedls was drawn out frtItil his prtef4!l
red retirea ent and made Mayor after a
desperate struggl in Colnvention aigainst
thel rin v power.
All who knew Mr leeds felt that he
would, to the fullest extenit of his intel
leet an1d physical capacity, te the friend
and servanlll t iof the whole people, and
work for the removal l of the onrthlens
which olppressed tihell . Ihe history tof
his incumbency is replete with evidence
of his faithfulness to the trust 'eposed in
himl. To say that lie il all he ctould doI
as Mayor, is not saying tone wiord too
much : lint lie waS powetless at lhut, for
his hands were tied by a thitihlss Board
of Aldministrators who owed their all
. glanle to the rings that put thlem in the
otheces they sought, and whose behe.<ts
were wholly antagonistic to those of the
peoplte.
I have lived hlere a long; tI1n, ri)nd I
have seen many a public otficial take his
scat in our City hall; but I can freely
say that ('harkles I. L ts is the only man
I ever saw seatied of whioI it might ibe
said-he has no axes ito grind for self or
friends True, I do not agree with him
in all his views of public policy ; on the
contrary, I think he oicasionl ly erred,
as he would inot have dine, Ier i he been
suurroinled byi a Coincill in full syntpa
thy with him, and intelligent enough to
comp'elientt his broad views of things:
hut, if he did err, I believe it was of the
head alone. His lheart always was, is
now, and ever will e, 0on1 the side of right
and honesty.
One would suppose that such a man
woultdl le kept in office by the people.
No, thatc is a bard thing for the people to
th, and they will onliy dot it'hen thie
are ground still further down iuder tihe
heel of the toney power. And yet, I am
distinctly disposed to blame Mr Leu'ds
for the fact that neither he nor another
man like him are in the Mayors seat to
day.
I hat-c shae said that Mr. Leeds was the
Mayor of the people. lie would have
much preferred the retired life be had so
long led; hut, he accepted the haton ot
reform whenlcalled ont, and he should
thave given distinct ai n at the end of his
two year' service. ot his willingness to
serve acii. This twvo years trl''ice hal
hot pre pared him for real efficiency, atn,
mitre important than all, it hal let him
- ful linto the secret of "the ways that
are dark" among Councilmetn. To not
one of those with whom he bad served
was Mr. Leeds. under any otligations
whatever, i, in alnoeinlig citmstif Icy
i letter, or by speech among the people,
s a candidate for re-election, and brave
ly revealing the inner workings of his
1 administrition, he could have so aroused
I the people as to have insured not only
his own retulirn, hut the election of a
Council that wonld have fully sustained
Shim ad led us out of the wilderness.
Sut this firm of publie levotion-i de
votioti that overrides all selfish consider
Stiotns and all lniseleeived considera
tion for public servants, who se known
to have been flagrantly derelict in duty I
-is not given to many men. Mr. Leeds
-i too modest and t thin totake his
gloves ol' in politics. He wonld handle a
rough of the City Hall as he would one
of his babes at. home. And I wonder at
this too, for the man has spent a most
Utsefl life in the atmosphere of an ron I
-Foundry, 'tnc isful y acenstomed to see
I ing that it talk hard blows to accom
plish great hthT lgs. When we tok st
1 the great trip hamnmers of a Fonudry
we see that it accomplishes its mission
only through aggression. New Orlitatns,
like the State at large, needs a trip ham
iner.
And this brings.us down to the
PREBENT CITY ADMINISTRATION.
On May 21st, the people of theillthi
Ward of thts City held a Mass meeting
- to protest against the late arbitrary ru-l
- ing of the P rlsh Central Committee in
regard to ward organization for the con-t
i ng campaiu. A siteaker remarked
S"we have a City Administration of our
own selectionn-when o mitai in the
crowd eried oklt - "yes. and a had lot
3they' are!"'
Seatentieous and correct remark, that;
and no dpubt made by oneQf those whpm
s we are in the habit of calling the t'iolo
- loi. But it is my experience that it is
among this element at most of what
- we term political sagacity and virtue is
to be found.
SYes, we he a City Administration of
- out own *seleetion-so-called--and to
0 oall them a "bud lot" is to~compliaent
Sthem.
Why a plan in private life tells you a
Sthing is so, and you find that it is not
y so; pr when he solemnly promises to do
- a.'tbing, ansd yet does not do it, unless
[, you are an unusually good Christian, you
,; eallthat man a liar So, when you find
is aman taking surreptitiously what does
a noti belong, to him, or were conniving at
encli an act on the part of' another, you
Scall that mhan a thief. And yet, strange
s to say, a public official may do all of
Sthis; and"'inore, and yet he is neither
Sthief nor liar. In fact, they will do these
r, things flagrantly, and then so far defy
r the moral saniiment of a comawnuity ss.
Sto offer tht'mselves as candidates for re
election to the oflhcet tilty haqye ditigrac
- This is- a dle'porable state dtiaffars.
- brit~it'Is not dl~cult iD 0xplalan' ahin
,t~ijtAs' Iiiiiter f(ys, 1 kafght say silewt
nlneetditthrde qniirter tilnesin tenjthl*
p se-called candidate of theqipop~le~ik a
r fraud in the very inception of the hiusi
ness. He niever was a candidate of the
.people at all. He was an oficee-seeker;
,i"went for" the place as a matter qf
rad psfieat, hat he could not get it
;without the ludorsement of a Conven
tioll, ndl this t, icillns tfl:tt hi U.:'st be the
tool of a $iie. .1 a ll xh ! ,iood faith I
there \\a. ill him was pliited clear r
aiv. i tuiiui th 11 ioplh Ieiiii ihi' aecep
tiiuiie of their pliattirmn wls eve? rean bed
le then swallowvt the platform with
mental reservations, just as the ('infilie
rate woien "took the olth" ! thiiiiitilit ,
wn.u-th.ouan h I ti j not m nd to ilu lii
ue~ do ..'' ii iin .iur the t'n i-i ii
iiei' tsh ihtt* with :1 t ' rl t o h* h irian i .
1,a tini t'. i 1 i iu :iilothiii fa ioif iii
th(ieltS, tliti t' Wiit ) it s ii )i :!j i tlle l moiptuh
a vc-ii ieu ou t t 1 ' b11 l : iut l' , ill \\i :lii
mortle. mid l." tgo 11, \\h d ny to Ih (·I"
* tr tei e ulet11;'iti to he "11ii t ti he1:1-lii ,it! 1'
11o+-Mlle fl'-o 111 ft, lit'' dl- tY 11,1} ills tomtit,;
of flesh tlemt~l1t!'l ed the+ Whb!Jlr tofspee
rions evintl 'e il o gf in" I dlai t' a sit.
a odica this iity . in i ithiration l iti' el
\\uet hinl odlic . iii :1o111e, hirl\i Inl
aof thefo h l' thiat 'v iil Iltt ate sulsuintis-l
ti':ltrniu ill pow\\er' a uto thi'n' f1ailure to
mee't the jus;'t exilrtt ;tionis lot th lo- peop
is even ?;'Prater 11:;111 that of thle ( fII r I.
i t itig has not i the Iast iti-r pointhi'
those of iis who uln erStood l0l tie liatu
the bedeIs' of t hiilfit' uIII, ha ttuinl.t
of the 'conllx t tt.
I 1er.xig xtli gt boit i u. f airtlilt il nri'garii
tfirt sthrroiited ilt. ofehis wii, p ilut'p
arou11nd his neck ; that while he relletted
the sentiuiuits of the i. ople, .ll would
tno-hi~y i
Iave carried out their bel hests, tio e \\ Itti,
$$8 Wi, 18); clholn ili coxiti' l, rI.2!t9o. ; ii"~
~lH,1ls.395. l-~iiiiiie ui~nsis~iieit iii~
hie! Nato~c is sit1 ilui~ n ;I ul~oix $1 ~t,ttlhrt,
I''li ~lu V. iIilieliless Ytv Iia; oxu tlxi iii tll!l)i
twre electedii ol' the ts of the salt r . with
hint, and Were plºedg;ed as ht' was to
hradical reformation of Wiist f it. t in e
inetnued by fear, igh Ina otre, toi 05he',
Mill thwarºtted every elibtrt at substantial
shanre of i erst o. the ratle (dtebt o1t
veuy. nenitt ite)UeIe, ihe the \I :1 olf :halt on
New trleansIhti, ml 1ow lllres citys ovr aet,
aun ther"1 (ouncil that has p1rov'ed I'blse toJ
the behests of the le and has utterly
failled to ialoi tie flleot accitiotti of the
thle him.l, New Orleaan isi taxudl one and
C ity uthir cellt ike the iextent that reallt
uxhovi' nlame .l besidi~'s ht2Uinuj'eils? of thuin
sterling intellieuce and faithefiil regarlds
tfort the interests of the Wer cit ta ople
ionrd i omplis h.t ar r itrta t
oWhat is l the condition of New OrIl lls
to-day '
st-She iis assessed oi hemi real estate, i
i .SN9,1i,1; oil income, t 1.229.970 ; on iot llorse
$Iehi37i; oitoii cks ii Vesely, &C., S-ee.
t;31 ; oil capital, .91r,J2.627. Total,
111,11g.s3t. iheire itir tassesir ovr t6mf
tie State is set downeii aet ihoa an t10 is 0i,
t00. r It t ill thus he seen that New Oir
Ctrrv.l the wo-rsllt hs uip~ueai'u I.
Whilet cit mrryig les hirtlen or thirdeth
Population Of the State pays miore th at
three filthy of the taxes of the saute.
But this is glynot the worst of i tlhe o its Athe
same41'1ue that~~t~l~~l she J1 pays , m e Ithan her
share. of interest on the State debt of,
S nd ,G1t,0the,, si-che pays all of tBht ond
about, ii.000.ilSl6., So-called city debt,
three-t hourtts of which is utterly spturi
onils- ill gain the fullest acceptationl of
dthe tin. New Orleans is tax, u one and
a halt' per Sent Oir the city t Slslresnlit
Councill~ retired ; $:u60,O0 hoolld, while ji
rabove ailiei , besides udreds of ttnhe tnt
sands iof tiial y of lireatonse oth trades
redtid ol f etitus-in all i1e total of aolite
$ or, 0 uni,000 per anntut, exc neive of all
State taxes. i1 the 1i per cent tax o tion
third is set apart tfor interest, or tha rede
tin of debt. ant tiyhe balance, win the i
lerse taxes. ghes to oy inol the art ex
Ses b of tillevery kind-iaclutdign tpublic
schools and por!e.
A Oy leoish ltor who will this k over the,
matter will at oedi see that tll this is a
Stremendous buri t hem for the C ity to car
rry. but thle worst has ot aprpeaterd.
hile carry t ing th luiiirthea our debtf
foes not decrease at all, ant each Year
the City is largely in arrears to its em
ployees.
m Under the nso-alled "Pre inm Blt ond
Scheme," in 1a7 lo, the City Conto i atim
reir ed more than h7 )t ,)J0 worth of hanids,
While it failed teo meegl i l ,t Iere of its otwn
Sor ntinances. Again, from April tith,
t 177. to Septin betr thaux7, the presuert
StCouncil retired $:16,000 ol nds, while
1 fordinances of that year to the extent of
i. 30,000 remst u lnpaid. Titus, whilemo i
s- ic h'stxdui; they~ feare~ld jut sercltit ily ofl
º their ofuicial publiations they claim a
.. Ae. cion d now t ..nl . the u ntd n o thyiver
a mIefore Kthiign 1 las 0 legi, slature ithv thir'
I rav failed in ituhei, ant hal igthe
a vtocn the etnt of er 803,nsib00! f;r I
h lned t h ot the city, legl thlegal,
S dretil toing Bonds at a hi t cen tshoxilh
dolar, ahnd ohe ren loitothey prknipe.
he and oul not asll th eaitr lait to nte
at 0 on the d olla r,!hut they had a
t fOu i~ odS r country liltor nevelr to h
la tpassed as abovino the hopter of ail
5 va~iciu hea Evlery ptossd Leffprt h~ans
5 beenumadhe to adb e upe the Pinfmy brut
I are mium Bonds r ioe this dayh32 eats,
t antd this, the waa ve ste bypcraeprit
rl toais, blt asai stree ono her speculaon
1 Anew Orleans ths sitd befuoe te the law
wt toadt tse had aot pilted anst erasit
- tlebo e2l,0O0i100nre t oi $.O t b,00ifl
t ona-iflt of'g hich wase hrilealitid he
rl Wstuging fur the pepl.laoy wca sheo u
acoeuld t the whotte mhasbef the hyones
knw that theey(l id towe tshealln martssi
r fom the tre xedtitre hold thsa hast stLnto
ceased uto eremuluorat fagainsto themsorn
8 reiehns; that pieil e up sth socalled deot
1 toheirclares that they wouu pexhaus every
- edfort to avoid paying it, axid they anti
Seheori tonlll goiul aldl trure hlo t--caelt
taPistu - not to touch them tthaoly thing.
t h le tet oue of molnu'y uasnes Ilall
r huiman undleistavuhixigr. 'fhere wasr no(
- anortnrt ot illefal bonds that conld hit
tlt, on t hiLs market atar shaving ilte of
dishcount that Sanks, Insuralnce Compan
niea &c woul ~th lr butio up.y hus the
Radicals were furnisberi nith pesotial
Sfortunes, and the. sinewrs of sileiticil war,
a nen moadroet beot citizetue" became thu
B opp~ressors of the City· aud State. rhits
it remi thBi the Premtiu Bonul S3cheme
if oriaindtedhrtb, ntand was foerced through
the legishutbtre by men who shsuld now
be found workinyg shoulder to sroulder
S Aitl honest irlnstoo e tiryl.
Instead of his, we have a "stchem:e"
w ehiCh involves the ptyment of $50,000,
SfotOin fifty yeaor, when we really and
~ honestly owe but about $5,000,000. and
awe have or City Hall turned into a lot
c tory shop where every month a glass
wheel shall determine i'at part of an
, illegal debt an dppressed people shall
,, pay--thus convertingR a civilized co~nlula
Snily into an eylgind of oppression against
i itstelf, and it halls o government into a
rslo icool for gamblers.
from the Democratic members of ltllogu's
m last legis.atnre had been true to tte peo
c, pie anul atbintive to business, the "Preun
daxliom fohad Seheme" would never have
tbn fatdcload ot t this Ciy. The history
of p at setojl will show an exbau-tive
I. and 'ltle cadi- reoport aghaist hiunlg
SBuitiacy uith e mlo s of the so-called
Sdbtnof uthe City, adi there was trung
k Rxmdiu\ii ppoaitlen tbthe 5 etIrCle ;" ~hot
a the nieasalrit was of Ds~mce~xbie 6tidio,
-was sll~statie~d by the! Democrat., anul;
a mfcourseenough of reladonl votes could
bp guttell to xarko it a la.v t
f Tihus were a people sold into slapers
t by the very men they had selected to
h protect t lem. th aIICUa b CUIf , ,
00 nlft er, hnw ral n
.114 191h, 187$.
1 ('ALL.
~II . huh III I: Ii .'.41 '( I's j4Iio .I4 441411
44 1 11 r"t : 144 4 t'44 4 fl:i I k1i 41 1114 r
I i " 4 1 ' 1 1.111 I i 1111' I ' 1 u t 1 '
Ic.i cI 111 i4' 4I4'411'1 4) "I Iii' (''1411 11 ( 44gI4 it "-.
I' 41 I 44444 1111 4 t \il42 1u4 " t4 '4aI 444444144 14)
ý .14'144'414III 14) 4 ,1 ;1:14441 towZ~ 41 144 ',1144" 41't~
1" 41l 4'I ') 11111 .\ t'I' 1 \ Z41 '' ý 1444414 1 :! 1'
II 4't : . 'l~j 1 i 41' 71 1 441 1 (hi'f 1 4..1 oll 0 1 ll h1'ý
Istt'tl\1' 44 .t l!ý \ l I. .1. (1 'N I ; r" lý .
(' .4 44. l'tIsi ..e4L V
VEGETINE
IS RECOMMENDED BY ALL
Physicians.
C1.tº.I0 Y `TutEMt. QCt!'EF1 ('n.. LONI- 151..110. Y Y
Ir II. i. Stevls:
iiear Sir-I tal cl the haire if ori ttin i tiyu.
it S]]u lln certificate eonncerningll ..\..`tills 1 Rep:1t
ed lf . on. I hatve I ern t suffite r with til l
I)vlpepsia t'or over birty telts. and hieve hail
the 'hi Ioni' Diarh ena for over six nonthis, and
hatie eti-i mostt every thiing wttas givet tip to
die, and rill] wt rtxp:et to live from day to day.
and no Phyvsici n ounlet toch my case. I saw
yoti 1egtitne reiomended o 0ure Dcyspepsia,
I com~mencted using it, and I tontinned doing se,
and am now a well woman and restored to per.
feet health, All whto are affllctld withh this ler
abli disease;e. I wonIili kindly reroltllmlnd to try
it tfor the ieiiintit uf their hleallth. and it is el
colliti as ia l t o puri f ieri
BY Dr. '. B. Forbes, _). D. for
. 'CWMT. Il. FOUIIES.
Vt.rTxel.-Whin the i lood beIeins lifeless
and stagnant, either froi m change of weather of
ifheitate, want of e4er Cise, irre..la diet. d ito
Tfrom in other etliitise. I the Vegitine will renew
blood. catty off t he put id hno s, eltae ithe
stono Ihf, regullate the bowies, and impart it tone
of t vior to the IlIIwhole hodtlyI
VEGETINE
For Cancers and
CANCEROUS HUMORS.
The Doctor's Certificate.
READ IT.
Ashley, Washington Co., I::., .tan 14. ls78.
Mr. It. R. Stevens:
Dear Sir.. -This is to certify that I hald been
Atttfeting t'rout a Itose I'alnei on mi right ibreasti
wthilh grew very rapidly. and all iy friends
Ihad gi miie iie up to die, Wihen I hpasrd of yoiI11
metn ile. Ytetet ini, re'i c ommtndei for Canlicer
and CaIerois lin ors. Im. caiilnmlencid to take
it, aiind soon found nilf tislfhnginuirg to feel ibet
Ser: my helalth and spirit both felt the eniign
inflience whitch it excited ued in i tew monthll
train Ue timeI comruruced thle use o tihe Vege
tine, the C.user ltille outt anoest htiidily.
CAItRIE DEFOItIRESTr.
I certify that I am per'onallt acquainted
with Mrs DeFurr~est, and contsider h. r non of
our very best women. 1)1. S 11. FLOWERS.
A .4. Dis. tsES OF' THE rI.oonii.--'f Veg'tine will
relieves pain, cleanstt .putrify. and cure snch dis
eases, restoring the patient to per fect health
after tryiniditerent phliysiiiais. many remedies,
sliffbtritig for years, is it not conel msie prom'. it
1on ar ara siittrer, yon can be iIred I Why
is this medicine perfoin inlg such great enres ?
It works in tlhe blood, inl th ci-ertlating fluidls.
It can truly be call i tei Great Blood Puritaner.
The great antrce of desease i mginiate in the
blond; and no mliedicte that does not net direct
Ily ioilon it, to pritfr'y and renovate, has any just
lanim upan ptihlic attention.
VEGETINE
Ireg'rd it as a valiuable
FAMILY M-EICINE.
Jlan. I 8 .
H1. It Stevens, 8 -
Dear Sir- I take pleasure in sain tin. hlt I hire
owde1 !h"" Veg.tive in my llinil}- with good re"
s1s1. and I lvtle knowin of severaIIIIl cases of re.
mnarkable utre, effected by it_ 1 regard it as a
valtble family medicine. Truly yours.
REF. WM. MclDONALD.
The Rey. Wni. NtcIintad is well known
throutih the ui iied States as a minister in the
3. E. t I'hnrh.
TuirstNis Si'm.. .egetine is neknowledg
ed ant reconuneitied by phvsici t nt illl apoth
etarries to he the hebst purifier and cleanser of
the blood yet discove re-l, arid thousateis speak
in its praise who have been i1e.sto ed to health.
VEGETINE.
The M. L'. have i'.
Mr. H S tereis:
Dear Sir.-. I have sold Vegetine for a long
time., and find it gives most exchlent satisfaction.
S. 11" BE PhlESTr.. Druggist,
Hlazletoun Ind.
VECETINEI
PREPARED PR
H. R. ¶EVEMS, B9SON, WASS.
Vegetin'e is Sold by All Dr'uggists.
NOW's YOUR CHANCE!
Hmr. . Gir. roses,
T'he Celebr;ttd Newc Orleans Artist,
REMAINS BUT A FEW WEEKS.
'Ilie mlost exqcuisite
Anibrotypes, ;Gemns,
Ferrotypes, P'orerlaintypes.
Ivorytypes, I'iPhotogrilhs,
Chrosmo PhotographiNs,
Mieroseopic dio.
Life Size, do,
In every style of the art.
We guarantee our work equal in execun
tion and finish to the best Photographic
Establishment in the United States.
1846 EstabHsilhed in 1846
B. & C, MOSES,
Of New Orlcans.
JAMES C. MOISE,
Of Natchitoches.
Portraits Painted or Retounnched.
A full asisortment of Frames and
Mountings.
Prices loweri than in Newf Orleans.
LACOST'S HALL,
Front Street, Wehitoelhes, La.
June 1, 1878.
'FOR SALE.
ONE $*4otd hal Rnml 1sR Jobber, in
good condition. For Terms ro d price
apply to E. C. PALMER. & CO
FH' 2"tt New Or eas. La
r1Wa. $8er1017 UIrtvnivrnd
Ove10& 1AWoO NogItUi
AWI'w~aa.4. M.AhepaC.JuMUI..2.ma.
TO ADVrETITVESE
(4eo. P. Rowell & Co';;
SELECT L!ST
1 I 't1\ ii~u~ir hue BLSI' 1·:'1 ' ,II ilu l nu it'
iliii~ Ii''I Put'.;~ s 1' r \i:'; a Lt'1 :I.I' !:il' A
jtiur. C':ill liJJ'tcl u t It rl ct
'I'lt' s~ tutup i f t h ! E'i ultluu~ tut lii
hut. itu it IR ('un'S'u'u itu'pu
'IIb\t iI'Eai'. it. Spzuue. Orcst. (Pit
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS,
SIERIFF'S SALE.
A. 1. Sittillilpaya for Use of J. 1'. Co ik
erlamit tranusfiree vs. D. II. Boollt,.11.
J ) a n v i r t u e sJo f a w r i t o f a l i i s F i . F a . i '1
3 the hliovre i ntitled aitd iniuilºeredt
siiit and to rie diirected, I have seize''
and will offer for sale to the last and
htlighest hiiihlelr at the door of the Cot' I
oU1s- inll the city and parish of Natchtito
hlies, ott
Saturdciq, the 20) dat of .Taly, t178
,he lttilowlng ildescribed property, to-wit
A certairi liecec or paircel of l;Indl sitn..
eil ill the pauRiisi of Natitcitches, eiitn
the east half of norith east qui;rter of tlit
inortli eatst qttr'ti'r otf soth east q lalrtir
aid son Ii itIrg quarter of south ieast qluar-l
ter of sc'tiont 4, i'ontaini ag 162 aires:
also 3 21 101) acres of the said east hal
of aorthI east quarter and north east
q arter of south east quarter of said see
tion I, bhiug excess in said tr;act over ti'l
area located by virtue of Military Launt
Warrant Nio.7;3,953, also the north east t
quarter of north east friactional quartet
of suction 9, containing 25 7li-101) acres.
also 2 76-11)10 acres of said south eas
(quatter of section 4, being excess in said
tr et over the area locatted bI virtue it
Military Landil Warrant No. 87.886, in fa
vor of Walcott A. Strong ; the whole of
suil tract of land being situated in town
,dip No, 9, n rthll of rauge I, west, and
'oItinilting the aggregate quantity of
193 8J-100) acres more or less, together
with all the buildings andit improve
meints thereon, it Ieing thq same acquit
ed by the vendtor from Robert L. Jack
son, on the 9th day of Ai tst. 1ti7.j, as
per private act of sale 11duly Recorded in
the Recorder's otffice of this parish.
Terms of Sale.
Cash-with the benefit of appraisement.,
A. P. BREDA,
June 15.- Coroner, ex-officio Sheriff.
SU(CESSION SALE.
Suer(essittn of Marie Louise ,irras
seer, deed.
1Y virtue of an order of the Iloni. thli
) Parish Court in and for the parish
of Natchitoches. and to tie addlressed. I
will sell to the last and lthe highiest bid
lter at the door of tlhe CLort ]louse ill
the City anrld Parish of Natchlitoches. on
Wednesday, the 17th day of July, 1871,
tihe fillowiing described property belontg
ing to the ri nor J. Lestan Lanrglois.
A certain lot of grotnd situated in tlhe
Town of Caintlle, in this itotrish, contaiti
ing fotur acres, more or less. hotduni
inorth y landil i of Jtoseph Ilentry, Sutht}
ity tlinds of Wil. Lt'evy, ,:.at by laIid iI
heiris of Julels Conide west be land of
M. and L. Perot, and E. L. Hlart.
Terms of Sole.
Cash. sublij:ct to oppraiseimen't.
1). 11. BOULl:T, Jru.
,111114, 15.-tds. Sheriff.
SUCCESSION SALE.
Succession of Lcelan Pltrudhonme dcc'd.
)V' virtue of an order fromu the Hor.
.1 Idge of the ParishI Coitrt of Natelt
itoches parish, to ut' directed, I will oitlht
at ipublic Sale to the highest iddler at
12 o'clock, M., at the iloor of the Court
Louse in this Iparish, on
Saturdlay, fitly Gth, 1871,
the fitllowing described tracts of land be
longing to said Siecessiori, to-wit
A certain parcel or tract of land, situ
ated in the parish of Grant, begirnning at
a Ipoint on tie Soutlhtern ioundrary of
section (8) eight. township (8) eight,
range (6) six ; west of the Antoine Prn
ldhomnne claim, now kinown as the Sul
livan tract, sixteen 36-104) chains west
front the south east cornter oif said claim
or tract, thence soiuth on section line,
being part of the western boundary of
section (75) seventf-five, Lestan Pru
dhommet tract seventy-two 65-100 chains;
thence west to a point on the Rigolet d
Bou Dieti, kniown is "the Break ;" thence
rp the said river to the southl west cot'
twr of section (8) eight, township (8)
eight, range (6) six west, known former
ly as the Antoirte Prnodhonrme claim, but
now known as the Sullivan tract; .thetee
along said sottthernu boundary to the
uilace of beginning.
A certain parcel or tract of lanti bound
ed as follows: From the Pecan t-ec on
the river bank of the Rigolet tie Bori
Dien, below the Gin ilouse, north 324,
east to north, west corner of sorth west
quarter of south west fractiotnal quarter
if section (7) seven township (8) eight,
range (5) wesnt; thence eaal to WVesterit
bounndaty of the Angnste Langlois claim.
Terms rind Conditiotns of Sale.
For the said 1st turat, fi.tetzn huudred
dollars cash, and for the balance of the
pirhlias,. risle, onie half thereof
on til I Ist dIt v of January, 1>79, with
pit iei ct il itrest thereon from day of
Iit'd Iaid tit and the tither half may,
abh. on the ist day f .January 1880,with
like i f(ie-t (rot (la of sale.
Fitr the 21l t ract, 'five hundred dollars
ash, anti for the halaice of purchase
l)i on 0]a Credit of aile year from day
of s;tl " th 8 pr (tit interest thereon
Irion sEid1 bli ot sale, until Paid. Von.
tllSr privilege and special uiortgagere.
Sined (III tl- lut above '(((1old With the
c nse it no -aoltilienaluo to the Prejudice
of thi I nt or: lrc IMaSrs of said lard
to exeiute their twelve months'
for the credit , iie, with good security
tith titds to have full fore( and ef t
aI, ohititi moot h.' hIitds taken in eates
ti er writt of ( ri (vuut.u, and the ct.
ution (f said lboinds to be enforcedi
tht .;luln( manne l ait twilve mionths'
(,owls tat: n ill ner idance with artistes
71', ;(til i"-I (f. the Conde of P'raetice.
P'. S. l'l1lH110
lair 1. - ik.. Adititttistrator.
'l1ElilKF'l'" SALE.
u"'.1':w hurln,: \ l \:. . J.i'.11roadwrell.
ºittill oit 1'.u l h ",f Orleans.
1 t11( 10t:1 ata writ of i;i1.i issued
I ;'e I:fbu .2 :* t twil il
suit and to tIe (inertt"(1. I haveseized
;(n( t ilt0 -r f(,r " I ," to the last and
Ili, In t hi(.11 t the lie1 eale planta.
:i(In. tit(oti il the pari.h of Natchito
! '", In l t i"pitd bti J. P. Blroadwell,
Sii, ( aiti, fi'tthe tik 0 (Iy t July, 1(8-8,
(hr 1101lin (l(,wri;b d prtoli"t-ty, to.w l
:0) Thirty'-t 'to hiall ('0 111l11.
(j ITilt x hl tii t EL.iaues and Colts.
I T wetit y-li ri headl of Sheep.
(1) ine hLtad of Ilg..
(Go TentyI :4.7 "ttle.
(7) i-ven yoke of (I\en.
.(1500) Fifteetn hunired bushels of
('orn, inure of less.
(7) Seven Wagons.
(1) ine. 'arts.
S1)Fort v'-live la,"
(ine lot Fttlodtir.
4 fne lit awid I iarttess.
( Pit lot l l onseholdi and Kitchen Fur.
itit t0e.
One lot Illackstith's and Carpenter's
tools.
One lot of I)ry Goods, Groceries and
Hit idwvt re.
Twenty thousand feet of lumber, more
or le-s.
The lease cf the f1reazhale Pt:1ntation,
for and ituring tfle wear 1878; all the
Nooks, assets and atpltertenatices belong.
ing to thI' titre.
Terms is/ Sille.
I ASII-with the benefit of apprai.e
wlent
). H. BOC LLT, JR.,
Sherirf, Parish of Natchitoches.
itne I.-tis.
SHERIFF'S SALE,
Payne. Denmorant & Co., vs. .T. P. Broad.
well.
District Court, Parish of Orleans.
No. 30661.
P Y virtue of a writ ofFi. Fa. isanedin
I) the above entitled and numbered
.nit, and to me directed, I have seized
mud will otfer for sale to the 19e8 9ad
tighest bidder at the Pro Aux Clras
lantitioii. on
Saturday, the 61t day of July, 1878,
he tollowitng described property, to-wit:
A certain plantation known as the
Pire Aux Cleres plantation," situadoe
he right, hank of tied River deep
IT tite Parish of Natchitoches, abott
twenty untlis above the city of~atchite.
hchs, hounded above by Jauds now or
lately lttlongintg to E. 1. Hfyams, and
tielow by lands now or lately belongi go
to Ben. Grappe, and containtig ti3O
I31 acres.
Anot her tract or parc'el of laud in the
tear of. and attached to said plantation
containing (134 87-100) one hnndrnd.
cud thirty-four 87-100 ocres as per p~id
Irawn by Thomas Hunter, U. S. Deputy
Surveyor, bounded on the north west by
ands now or lately belonging to E. L.
Hyams, and ott the west by section No.
I 1. in t~owctship 1t of range 9.
Anather tract of land being the undi.
xiled half of a ti-act of land in section
No. 3'5. in tewuslhip 11 of ratigi 9 for.
nerlv twitd ti ii. Ii. lItanett tanl 8.i
Al. lb tni., coittainting two hundred sani
tiienty-uine 51-lot, acres, bounded os
the north enat. by land now or lately ho
tinging to Benjamin Grappe, east by se
t ion No. 36, in township II, of range 9,
tuid en the south by set tion No. 2, towUa
ship 10, of range 9, west..
Autother tract or parcel of lend being
lot No. '2, antI the east htalf of the north
West (luarter of sectit1t Nt). 2, inl toWn.
ship No. 10, north of range No. 9, week,
containinir (tie huittreil and fourtuee
7fi-ltt acres.
Terms of Sale
Casi-w it h the benmefit of appraisemtent.
D. H. B()CLLT, Jr.
Sheriff, Pariah of Natchiteches.
Jitie 1 tds
Sheriff's Sale.
Keyser & MeKenna, vs. Parish of Natchl.
totuhes.
District Court -No. 7902.
BY VIlFT'E of a writ of Fieri Facial
B isanied iingthe alcove cut iled andunintti
costd st it a ttt to ute ,iirec~ted I barS
sized and will uttbr fort sale to the Iut
utic hiightest bid'h~ t of~ thle dotr of the
'iturt, I-ouse in the city and Parish et
.\Jcit~liEiCae on
.S'aferdlat fle Glth d1(1 of July, 187e,
lie tollowilg descrilect property, to wit
Forty thlutsands (4(4,0(40) bricks, tuoff
or less, saud ttid ctitent f~ormuing &
lug s*, ntingIe brick pavi-teti-t extend*
inc rtmi pitt (oIIitsite thIt cornet o
slasutiti Hall, ott Steccnd sire tt to jut1 iU
tiotit auth arotint thle Count Iltinse ti t'.
Nt eite Siuthil west corner of the Court
('asli-vith the henactit oft aptpraisemeit.f~
I). :r. IlOlLLT, Jut.,
Jun l.-tds. Sheriff
Sheriff's Sale.
J. W. ('ockerhiani vs. M1. H. Carver.
District Court-No 8.21:1.
- )Y VIRTUE of a writ of aeizturel
I ) stile in the aictve entitled null utl
bered suit and to nse directed, I horS
,se zed and will offe.r for sale to the lstt
and highest bidder at the door of th
Court Ilouse in the City and Parish U
Natchsitoches, on
S Eatturdfy 11cc 20th day ofJuly, i87$,
the following dlescribiec propeorty, to-wif'
) A certain loit of ground situated in the
town of Natchitoches, on Front t
Shaving a front of 'i feet on said StTSC
e iith a dobth of two hundred and eightY
, five fret, being flie waune proprftY
1uired front the scuccession of Victo
~-raud on the lt~h EdaV of January, 1 b
Usaid lot ot ground bei ag boundedl gth
by property of Mifrs. Clarn Iapac,
~'by Iprolperty of T. Lacoste, Eist brgdo
Sstreet, togct her with till the ~is sdof
±rand inuprovetnentus thereon or i n
wise apportaininlg. .
It Terots of Sale:
CASH, with the htenefit of apprRW0 '
~ j une1~.ds.D. I-I. BOULLT8~