(P L. , E"1NJ'1-i 'iE . - E4ti1r.
NATCHI TOC II ES
SATURDAY - - - JImte 3, 17;6.
I square . . - 41 r1i ll 5 ;I)0 1 l t I, 11 l s-' (i1)
2 ,Iarls.. - 7 11 , 0 ilt I5 (I "I ll, 25 il)
4 3,1qturl~..  4- I I0 1l 2 00 ln 0 :I :i1. 00l
5 qta'res... 17i11, 'Jo it 27 I 35 1l 40 I'0
Ii mqmIr,.. - 21 on "4 iti :i . 09 ;10 1)0 45 1(10
7 slIrel... 2:i(0 27 10) 31t 00 51i ii) 70 (!0
S Nqiuare... . X26)0 :ii 00i 40r11 l 1;5 Ol,) ±I ii
10 s na:,re,... 3)00 3. 11t0 53 1(11r 57 0l 10 l 1111
J15 agnare ... 4 ')1i ( h li6ti ( i' 71 0 lll0( (25 Ir l
Ir N, qlnla ... ) 10 1ii 00 411 0110 2 121 1 0 11 ill
'rankiet ad6vertiseml6ntI 91.50 pel r sqImalr" 'f
-e1nt insertlin 73 ce"ts per sqllre.
All laaings inll advertiselillnits to lie
chalnrg'e as if ftlaw.
Trlansient iad vertisients musIIIt lit, paid
for in ndlvanlcie.
All bills with rtegulllr ldvertisers rein
dered quarterly.
One) inch of solid breviher consltitutes a
slllare.
Marriage and obitulary lnotices beyollnd
tlhe simlpI l lllnolllncemelnt, resolntions or
carsl. of thanks, charged as adlvertise
Inetits.
Rates of Subscription.
Onl'e Copy nne yenr......................1!.:)0
Oneo Copy ei nlonthn....................1 00
o~ -...
THIS PAPER IS ON fILE WITE
Where AdWeldiud C..utrae ean be mae
W. W. SHARP &( CO.,
PUBLISHIER8' AGENTS,
No. 25 Park Row, TNew York,
Are authorizel to contract for ad
vertising in our paper.
The following resolution was
unanimously adopted at the Con
vention of the Democratic-Con
servative party held here, May 8th,
1876:
Resolved, ThAT THIS COHVENTION
EARNESTLY REQUEST TIIE VOTERS OF
THIS PARISH TO SUBSCRIBE FOR, AND
USE EVERY EFFORT TO INCREASE THE
cracuLATIOr OF TUIL PEOPLE'S
VINDICATOR, the true and faithful
eronent of the People's trishes.
WARD 3, May 26th, 1876.
The crop prospects, both, of cot
ton and corn, throughout the
neighborhood are better than usu
al, rather backward, but satisfac
tory. The corn crop in particular,
is very promising, and as the area
planted this year is much greater
than usual, I believe, for once, we
will not have to depend on the
West for a supply. ""e
It is reported tnal a few cases
of Scarlet Fever have occurred in
our city.
Business, we may say, has en
tirely suspended, and it is truly
distressing to see the destruction
of cloth, in pants, made by the
long rests of the merchants and
their clerks. The arrival of a
stranger with 75 cents cash, would,
we fear, produce a serious riot
among the hotel proprietors.
Speaking of hotels, reminds us
that we have now two first-class
houses, and kept in fine style, de
voted to the entertainment of the
public.
The steamer Hornet, with "Lum
ber to order," is the latest steam
bost arrival at our wharf. Capt.
Wmin. trong commands the Hor
net, and Capt. Prothro the lumber
pile.
U;. P. T.-The: Temperance So.
ciety meets regularly bn the first
Wednesday of every month
- next Wednesday will be the day.
Let all members be in attendance.
-----------,g O 
The Young Mien's political cam
paig, club of the 12th ward,
which, by the by, is a body of
workers, meet this, Saturday even
n"ug. at their rooms corner Front
and tfayette streets, and every
SlatOady 'evening until the elec
tion.
 rops are id a flattering condli
tieo throughout our parish. The last
tales have been just the thing to help
out corn, and although we have met
but few of our farmers on the streets
fortbreea months pst, thee we do see
st awk cheered ap at the prospects.
' bhiote at last succeeded oin get.
thing ia more corn land than usual
and now it remains to be seen whbeth
er that land will be cultivated pro
paJil or nst It shonM be leome
bed that aSreage wont, make corn,
bat plowtin properly does.
For the 'benet of the farmer we
weald my, that cotton is stlill going
dow~s, and that we think the hopes df
big price Cire futile for the futore--10l
to I cents .will be a fair average
(.ia r, nto latel, fall of. 1
owgriI~ tielbl borate, is Ie
now, like the a4W oPwta& street '
orpan wil be inA ae week,
~4~i~g~hforooft.
Radicals want Blood.
What is called the "first gun" of
the campaign, was fired upon Satur
day last by the Radicals of this place.
The people generally throughout the
parish, have been, and are still prone
to enter the contest thus early, but
when invitcd by s.uch as assembled
oil the day WCe niae, and with such
slpeeehts as 0was t1here uttered, we
have no doubl the gage of battle will
be accepted.
We wish it horne in mind, that this
contest now to take place is none of
our seeking; fi'om one end of our
parish to another we have heard men
say, "would to (od this cup might
pass." We have waited for somie re
acntion in the ttone and policy of the
Rtadicals in our midst ; we hlad hoped
sine new leader, really bent upon
the good of the country at large,
might spring up and teach the few
negroes who have heretofore been
made to believe nothing save what
was, tand is, detrimental to public or
der and general prosperity, their dlty
as citizens. But we have been dis
appointed; the wishes and hopes
that all good men cherished have
been blasted and the Radical party
without change in tone, respectabili
. , ... 1 , ,il`S . , Dli t 111 ," Ill I11 8 lit iC U
deformity confronting the virtue, the
honor, and respectability of Louisi
ann. Who but the craven dare re
fuse to meet the issue and do his
duty, his whole duty to his home, his
family and civilization! If there be
one, lie should have attended that
meet ing, heard the insulting denun
ciation ot his people uttered by such
a thief as Van Dusen, such a sworn
peijurer as Ezernack, such scoundrels
in human form as Raby, Lewis, Bre
da, Bill Tuunard and Blunt. These,
my conotrytinen, are still the Radical
leaders of Natchitoches; these are
the men who, after robbing you of
your bread, dispoiling you of your
homes, now flaunt their infamy in
your faces, denouncing you as "eore
ardly hounds, afraid to fght," inviting
you to violence and bloodshed, and
boasting of their oto power, backed by
the army of the UFited Stat..
Breda, who by the way is, in lan.
goage and action, the quintessence of
blackguardism, says that if one Com
pany of troops is not sufficient to
over-awe us, Grant has men and mon
ey enough to eat up the white scoundrels
of Louisiana, body, dirt and soul.
Lewis, the pathetic villainous cow
ard, who, even Republicans have told
us, is a deep-dyed, cowardly incendiary
-preaching to his color nothing ex
cept riot and bloodshed, gave free
tongue to his most violent thoughts
he appealed to the negro "who had
been lashed as a slave, to stand out
against the whites, and die for his
rigtls," defied the taxpayer to right
his wrongs-decried the virtue of
every man in the white ranks, and
called upon tile weak and silly negro,
to arm for the contest, inviting a col
lision in which he would act with
"discretion instead of valor."
But, Raby, a man hitherto unno
ticed in the Radical horde on account
of his smallness, a negro of besotted
ignorance, turns np with bristling
bayonets and drew the lines so that
there could be no mistaking the issue.
He said that the fight was to be white
man against colored man-the "slhot
gun campaign !" he shouted, "is upon
as!" "prepare for battle!" "die in
your tracks! &c." Murder and blood
was the burden of his oratorical ef
fort.
Now, these expressions might
amount to nothing in ordinary times,
but coming as they do from these
men, every one of whom has violated
every principle of honor, every feel-,
uing of decency, every obligation of
law, they are utterances that will
command deep attention-utterances
ifull of meaning, and the citizens of
this parish will prepare to meet the
result of snch teachings with spirit
and manhood.
In this way does thIe political strug
gle of 1876 open in this parish, and
we desire all to bear witness of these
radical utterances, to weigh well the
teachings they contain-to look back
at the history of Radical rule in this
parish-study the character of the
Boullt's, Blunt, Myers, Van Dusen,
the Breda's, Ezernack, Lewis, and a
few other vile, low-flung thieves and
villains, who againa attempt the ruin
of our ipeople.
The history of these men, their
eacts in violation of every principle of
right and justice, are known to al
most the entire Union. The names
of a Myers and a Boulit, a;e linked
with an eighjt per set laufi on; the
perjuries of a Blunt before the Con
gressional Committee, have been pub
lithed everywhere-the outrajeons
action of a Van. DaUes, BoulIt, and a
Breda, i arresting eitizens with U.
S. treeps for no crime, and without
warrant or law, are but to be referred
to, to command attention and condom
nation. Now we ask in all candor,
if any persoa of sane mind expects us
to submit to the rule of these fellows,
to submit that the colored man, now
peaceable and well behaved, shall
have the demon of bell slambering in
bhi moal lashed to fury by the utter
inags of such incendiaries Navun f
We Ihve too Jlanio tereat at stake
o.Q-low it-all e have on earth is
here--our ihomes, our 1 milies, our
here wet ile ad to wein1Eo l et,
shall uiot euler sac men so o me out
to breed discontent, to stir up evil
passions, to inflame the mind of the
ignorant colored man against us.
It is better that a few should suffer
rather than riot should reign, and 1
lthat few shall suffer rather than the
evil of local war shall afflict this
comnlnnity.
Tell the Truth.
The Natcchitoehes Republican, a
sheet, we cannot dignify it by the
namne journal, published here in the
interest of every radical thief and
hummer that boils to the surface from
the mud and slime ofsociety, presumes
to lecture the Vindicator in relation
to its few remarks about the stealing
of the indictments from the Clerk's
office a few weeks since.
We are not liking to decend to a
newspaper controversy with its order
of newspapers, nor do we intend to
do so. There are gross personal al
lusions in its article that call for oth
er than the mighty pen to answer; but
to the impudent attempt to defend
the only parties who trotult hare an in
terest in the steali'l!I of the itndictmenCts
from the charge of being either the
thieves, or accessories to the theft,
We llOeitl. o ~ r ar0 . i.,n. ,1r ' 'Iheek
1 :..tM to, tv comlmended even ill lt
iRepublican.
Does the Repudblican dare insinuate
that it was the move of Democrats ?
Does it dare charge that the white
people of this parish were interested
in the removal of these indictments ?
If it does, it LIES in its throat.
The evidence points and is eonclu
sive, as well as the mountain high in
ference, that Myers and Van Duaen
or their fripn',ss are the thieves of the
District Clerk's offiee ! That is what
we say and we say it boldly ! lMyers
is a thiefand.lt can be proven upon
i 'mn and he knows it. Van Duzen is
a thief and it has been proven upon
him and every one knows it. What
interest should the people whom the
Vindicator represents have in this act f
We tell this to the Republican and we
I say it in plain terms-it shall tell the
truth about the white cifizens of this
towsn anl parish; we will force it to do
it, else its Editors, whoever they may
f be, will be found oat and denounced
as liars to their faces; will be spit
upon and kicked through the streets
by every honest man in Natehitoches.
SThe Vindicator will now force you
to respect the people here if you have
none for the truth, and whatever may
I be the result, it will be known that
Sit was brought about by the slander
ons, 13ing of a dirty Radical sheet,
whom the people have suffered to
plunder them thus far, but will not
suffer its insults.
Drift of Radicalism.
We wish it borne in mnind, this time,
at least, that the Radicals of Natchli
toches parish have drawn, and that
too with no kind hanid, the co.onLOR
LINE. The burden of the speeches
made upon Saturday last by Blunt,
Lewis, Raby, to say nothing of the
white Ciceroes, (?) Breda, Tnnnard
and Van Duaeo, were of the "lash
and slavery."
TThe appeal to the passions of the
ignorant negro was ilndulged in to an
extent bordering on frenzy, and if
persisted in can only lead to unhlap.
py results. Lewis, born and educa
ted(I) in the village of Sandwich,
thie northern terminus of the ante hel
laun under-ground railway, and a veri
table negro carpet-bagger was particu.
larly "stirried up" on thie point of the
wrongs of his race. He appealed to
them by the memory of "lashed
backs" in the dim past, by the horrors
of slavery in the flture should the
Democrats succeed, to stand by the
Republican party. To jight the white
Leagues, and die for their principles,
whatever they may be. Raby and
Blunt's effusions were of the same
order, amid we submit, thus early in
the day, that thie radical negro lead
ers of Natchitoches were the first to
draw the color line in the canlpaign
of 1876, as they have been in all po
litical campaigns. So'that there will I
be no mistake in knowing how the
color lipe contest in Natchitoehes par
ish had a beginning, and wcho began it.
Farbe it from us to dictate to the lrad
icals a line of policy, that we are as- I
sured would be impossible, but we
beg, in all candor to say, that this is
not a contest of our seeking, which,
howeVer, since they are so bent upon
it, we will accept.
Fair warning is fair play, and to
that end we now say, that if the I
thing your radical leaders have iuau
gurated in our midst should grow too
hot in course of time to be borne, it
will be no fault of ours; at such a I
moment we beg all those whlo now i
enmbrace thie cause of the Radical I
thieves of this place, to remember
thalt "W TOLD TOU 810 1'
In Baton Bouge on the 18th of last t
May, thIe Catholics of that cits had a i
grand procession and high .mass, for
the celebration of the day on which it c
is said thle Virgin Mary appeared to
the little pasant girl, Barnedette, a
near Lourdes, in France, about 18 a
years ago, and which created so much a
excitement at ihe time.
Steamboat "JHornet",it the ti
landing opposita Jbiistown, lIJh a
;Bubeio to e indi, br
Public Meetings.
To peaceably assemible and hon
estly and patrioticly discuss the va
rious topics of the day, whether re
ligions, moral, scientific, or political,
is the undisputed prerogative of eve
ry free American citizen ; one of those
priviliges as dear to the heart of free
men as life itself almost, and one
they would not relinquish for untol(
amounts of gold, one the law unquali
fiedly grants them, and expressly for
bids its infringement. The meeting to
gether and interchanging of thoughts
and ideas on all the various questions,
is ennobling to the human mind, and
lifts one froim the every-day hum-drum
life incident to a dull monotonous
country existence, anid points out to
hil) beauties unseen, and gives feel
ings unfelt before. A man after par
ticipating in snch a assembly and
forming an integral part thereof, re
turns home generally a wiser, if not a
better ilan.
lie naturally feels kindlier to his
fellow-beings, his benevolence has
c been propiortionally increased, and
his charity stimulated to nobler deeds
and higher aims, There is a self
satisfaction about himwiutea. *.uls of
asuity :-l ~u ,ell, and he naturally
finds himself wishing to experience
a3nother such time, and meet again
those congenial spirits which aflrded
" him so much unalloyed happiness.
Slie, after leaving such a gathering, is
pronil to look any one in the faee, for
he is conscions of having done or
heard nothing to lower hiil in his
own estimation or that of any one
else, and he proudly walks the path
e" of rectitude, confident in himself, and
t fearless of reproach. Such feelings
8 are worthy the envy and desire of
1 rich and poor, high or low, or that
s of any one claiming tile sympathies
a of his fellow-mortals, or asking the
t harmonious approbation of mankind.
a Just so pleasanut and agreeable as
I these feelings are after the above ex
a perience, are those on the contrary,
a disgusting and degrading, self-pollu
a ting and debasing when other assem
a lilies have been attended, where the
r vilest passions of the human heart
I have been aronsed, calling forth all
t those bitter and accrimonions feelings
a which it is the part of civilized man
'. to learn to curb and keep within
s bounds, and under complete subjec.
a tion. He cannot walk away from any
v such assembly with that proud and
t lofty step that lie should, but he
skulks, fearful to meet his kind, lest
in his faces he should see reflected his
) own distorted anl hideous looks. No
t joyous sympathy makes him hunt his
associates, but there is an irresistable
desire to free himself from the coinm
paniouship of those he is now certain
are not the friends they professed to
Sbe, nor the proper persons to give
him that instruction lie knows and
Sfeels he so muchl needs. There is no
Skind remembrance in his heart, and
She receives a summons to attend an
,other such meeting with fear and
dread, and could lie butt reflect and
pause to ask himself whither suclh
things were tending, and what must
inevitably be the finality of such pro.
ceedings, lie might possibly decline
appearing amid such storms of human
passions and whirl-winds of human
hate. lint alas! the ignorant nod
thoughtless contiune on their vway,
little heeding the road they are tray
eling, until they are lost in im
prenetrable darkness.
What man elevated above the level
of the brute the slightest particle,
could content himself in listening to
such indecent and slanderous speech
es as were made at the Radical meet
ing held on the outskirts of our town
on last Saturday, where one of the
speakers, after it was asked, and an
swered satisfactorily, that there were
no white men on the ground. "Yes,"
said the speaker, "they may attack
and kill one of us by coming in gangs
of forty or fifty, but the eowardly
hounds dare not meet us man to man,
in a fair and open fight." Now we
think that every negro on the ground
who listened to such a speech, guilty
of an acnet of self-degredation, for more
reasons than one; in the first place,
they know very well that nobody de
sires to kill them or in any manner
seeks their lives, nor would any one
do them bodily harm, and in the se
cond place they are perfectly aware
that no one fears to meet the speaker
or any of his set, whether in "fair
open fight" or any other manner that
hie might desire, which fact has
been fully proven by subsequent
events, sufeicient to brand the above
named speaker as a falsifier, and ma
licious distorter of truth. Another
speaker appealed most strenuonusly to
the passions and prejudices of the
eolored men, as colored men, telling
them it was "time to prepare for the
worst." Well we think the worst
thing had come upon them in being
forced to listen to any such outrage
ous teachings, and if they would only
consider for a -moment where such
things are likely to lead, they would
never be caught in any such meetings
again. The quiet, working, honest
and industrious colored man, is per.
fectly aware that he has not better
friends than msay be found among
this vety class he bears reviled and
traduced at these publicd meetings,
and still bie is fpolish, enough toa)
teal them,' and lead, his ~blutenmae
and pvae te ID help swell the maar
her•
Who are to Blame?
Moore, a young man who is charged
with the killing of the notorious R.
C. Register, of Grant parish, was ar
rested by Sheriff Barron upon a war
rant from the Sheriff of Grant parish
last week, and upon being conveyed
to a Colfax fiom this point Mon
day last, by the oflicers of that parish,
was, we understand, forcibly rescued
from them at solme point helow town.
The killing of Anderson Douglass
in the jail, a week since, and this res
cue of a prisoner from a Sheriff's pos
se, are the first and only two opposi
tions against the process of the law
shown in the parish since the war.
It is useless to fly off in denunciation
of the act, for all law abiding citizens
deprecate any and all such conduct,
but it becomes us to study the causes
that would lead to the organization of
armed parties and their acts in de
fiance of law and order. Heretofore
our most bitter enemies admit that
the people of Natchitoches have slb
mnitted to the operations of the Radi
cal governnments, set up and maintain
ed iby foce over them, with a degree
of forbearance which has called forth
the wonder of all conservative peo
ple at least.
That the Radical party do not de
sire the vindication of the law, their
every act proves beyond contradiction.
At least two hundred criminals have
been before the Courts since the days
of reconstruction, and of that number
75 per ceut were proe.n guilty, but our
juries being judle.s of lat, as well as
facts, have acquitted all they could,
and such as have been convicted,
have, if they possessed sufficient in
fluence, been pardoned by the defacto.
If we mistake not, during the eight
years of Radical rule here, and the
consequent sixteen- terms of the erim
Iilal Court, but three Latches of con.
vietions have been made; that is, but
three terms of the sixteen have re
suited in success for the State, while
thirtden terms, with as many, if not
more indictments pending than at
either of the three, have resulted in
a clear acquittal of guilty parties.
Such are the facts which cannot be
disputed, and they are facts known to
Judges and Attorneys, as well as to
the entire citizen population.
To further prove that the success of
Radicalism depends upon the active
exertions of thieves, that the party
leaders are thieves or villains, we all
know. No Courts that are certain of
the successful conviction of criminals
will be tolerated. District Attorney
Cunningham, of this District, was
removed simply because he did his
duty, and attacked boldly the thieves
in his District, from Twitchell, Myers,
and Van Duseu, down to the lowest
hog taker. Judge C. Chaplin has
been, and is to day, the best abused
nlau in tihe District, by the Radical
party, on account of his seal in tile
enforcement of the law, and had Ihe
not been confil med in his appoint
ment by thle Senate would have been
as summarily removed as Mr. Cuu
ninggham.
There are in jail to-day three con
victed murderers awaiting the pleas
ure of his excellency (f) Win. Pitt.
No extenuating circuamstances sur
mound their cases-but they are here,
and have been for seven months,
without a move having been made by
tihe Governor to vindicate outraged
law. People begin to noderstand this
matter-they know full well tlhese sur
de-rers will everr be paniehed-they
are too precious as radical voters to
be sacrificed, when the Governor him
self is a tried and convicted criminal
of as deep a dye, and lie feels it in
his own heart, as these three negroes.
When society fails to bebenefited by
laIws that are fnlned solely for its
benefit-however much it may be de
precated by the submissionists of its
body, it will of its own volition avenge
the outrages committed against it.
Here, Courts are a farce, if successful,
the Governor pardons, then what re
course has society save to organize
itself under whatever name it may
choose, and protect the innocent
against the guilty thieves and mur
derers who control the whole ma
clhinery of the law. -
The rescue of Moore is to be de
precated as radically wrong-no po
lities can be attached to it, for Moore
is as much a Radical, so we under
atand, as Register was-the white peo
ple wash their hands ot the actper se,
but they submit in al candor the con
sideration of the causes of the seeming
lawlessness of the few. They ask, and
will enforce the placing of the res
ponsibility where it belongs. Let
the Radical administration, who con
trol this State and are responsible to
public opinion for its order, enforce
thie law with firmness and justness.
Let them begin by putting on trial
Msuch men as Myers, Boallt, Van Do.
sean, and others; let them guard their
Court-houses from the plunder of in
dictments, and thie good citizens of
Natebitoches will render all the aid
in their power. But when such men
as we have named can plunder a
School Treasury, steal a cow, or rob
a whole people and go scot free-aye,
be leaders of the administration party,
hold the ear of the Governor-remove
District Attorney's, and run the par
ish generally, then things must take
their coarse-then out-breaks will
contione, and the contest will be sim
ply one between the lawless Radicals
and the lawless few-in the end so
elet~y, with a strong vigilanti will step
hn &d4 pot down both with an iron
band, that will long be remembered.
Our Washington Letter.
Washington, 1). C. May 20, 1876.
nIIN. A. G. T'RII1IMAN.
No attempt is made by leading
D)emloclrats here to eoceall the regret
they feel at the defeat of T'hurmanI in
Oh kib. And this is wihilly apart fromn
thei issue iuponi which hlie was beaten,
or froml aniy hostility to Got'. Allen.
It is silely t riegret that one of the
grleat leadetrs of tile party had beell
remlUoved, by the action of his own
State, froms the, list of upossible can
didates for the Presidency. It seems
to be an Iccepted fact that, if we are
to succeed in the cofinlig Presiden
tial contest, it must le brought about
on the issue of Administrative Reform;
:titl that all other questions, uponl
which Democrats dliffer, as inl Ohio,
insist be for thile time laid aside, if we
world not invite idefeat. Those per
soils who hiave an opportunlity of
knowing how intensely earliest the
Southerln lDemocratsll are in their de
termination to slpport only those
candidaties irlto can be elected will un
derstand tihe regret with which they
see any diterernces of opinion amonglo
Democrats in the North likely to atfecst
the integrity of the party. They ar
gue that it takes a very sinmple cal
clthation to shuiw that, giveni a 1soli d
vote from thile South, it requiires only
the vote of New York, New Jersey,
lland ConneItictt to secureII the elec
tionl of a Democratic President. It is
not necessariy to success, therefore,
that we shall carry Ohio and Indiala;
for with the vote of those States we
shall lie defeated if we lose New Yolk
Mii(d (-,lunel.'liCtllt, to say nothilng of
New Jersey. It wars belioved that
Mr. Thurmlan would receive a more
hearty lsupport in the East is a neces
sary cundition of success, you will
readily understand the regret at Mir.
Thurman's defeat on the part of those
who incline toward a iWesteii ean
didate. Some of Thurman's most
earnest suplporters now declalre their
preference for anll Easterln manl ; as it
is evident thlat.Pe calnnot depend on
the vote of Ohio, either in.October or
November. On every hand I hear
the expression that the party mlnst
make this ia National and not a seec
tional fight.
TIHE CONTRAST.
One cannot fail to be struck with
the decisive action of the Democratic
House in the Fitzhaogh matter, as af
fording a violent contrast to the aie
tiop of the same body under similar
cireImstIuees, when controlled by
tihe Republicans. No sooner were
the evidences of Fitbzhgh's n altness
presented, than the House took ill
mediate action upon the matter.
There was no dilly-dallying, no shi k
ing from responsibilihty, no partisan
attempt to shield hiun, but a anan
imons desire to sift the matter to the
bottom, and, if tlhe charges proved
true, to summarily dismiss him, or
demand his immediate resignation.
The letters, papers, &c., bearing on
the case, were referred to the Com
mittee on Rules. It is now reported
that the Conlmittee will to-day ask
for the dismissal of the Doorkeeper,
and it is thought that Mr. Spririger'a
resolution providing for the coisoli
dation of the ollice with that of Ser
genlt-at-Arn,. will be passed, thus
setting the qulCestion of successorship
toI an office whose varied responsibl
ities, onerous ditties alid lofty dignity.
have lbeen described in su.l glowinsg
telns by thile pIresent i"eCns'nClt, ais
to largely increase in the boson,; of
those whlo alspire to his placle, the dei
silre to dispeulise the tIivors of l hIighi
a station. As a contrast to the de
cided action of the House, wherelby
they have ipr'oved the silcerity of
their professions, we ilay note the
undeciled and partisan actiloln of tihe
Senate inl thie Bllkikip matter. Heroe
they have beeln, ftr four or fiv'e weeks,
debating the question of jmuisdlietion.
'iThe object of del1y is to gailn timne,
in order to devise somne plan whbere
by the Republican party cuan be sav
ed fron, thie odium of Belknap's im
peameluuet.
iETRENCIMENT.
One of the most impol taut meas
ures for retrenchment and practical
reform in thie administration of the
Government yet proposed is embraced
in tie report of Hon. B. A. Willis of
New York, Clhairman of thie Sub-Corn
mittee on Navy Yards. He proposes
to secure a very great redaction in,
the expenlses of the Navy yards ex
cept those at Biooklyn, Norfolk and
Mare Island. This recoumnmendation
is based nplon the tlieory that the
only use which tihe Government now
Slius for navy yards is for the repair of
its vessels aind nmaclhiiery. Eventu
ally, Mr. Willis proposes to close the
Norfolk yard also, and to hIave all
works, ill time of peace. performed at
lBrooklyn and Mare Island. Aniothier
recomnmendat.ion is that no furtlmer
appropriiatlioles he made for League
island Navy Yard. Mr. Willis es
tilnates that the cost to conmplete this
yard and put it in good working con
dition will bie $60,000,000, and lie
.thinks that it will be better for the
Governument to lose the money al
ready expended upon it thlan to pay
out Iso large a sumn as tlils. At last he
would postponle the expenditure uu
til a more emphatte approval of the
project is obtained. These recom
mendations are mnade solely in thie in
terest of economy, and will, together
with the other measures Mr. Wiilis
proposes, effect a saving to thie gov
ernsnent of many millions of dollars.
Mr. Willis is one of the most ae
tire and efficient mnembers of time
House, and while hIis present propo
sal will meet with local opposition,
he cannot help receivinlg credit for
the energy and patient research he
has brought to bear in the prepar
ation of hiis report.
GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFICE 8SWIN-*
DLE.
The House Printing Commnittei, af
ter a thorough examination of this
concern, have made a report to the
Hiouse, which, in brief, reoommends
the removal, impeachment and crim
inal prosecution of Mr. Clapp, for in
competency and malfeasance in office.
Mr. Balon, of Rhode Island, appeared
as attorney for Clapp, and argued his
ease before the House In a nlannler
more remarkable for seal than goad
taste. It is isomething strange to see
Republican Congressmnen on the floor
of the House, defending, like paid at
torneys, offcials who have been proved
defaulters and thieves; but in this
ease, it is eomewhat more so, seeing
that in the' examnination of both Clapp
and hisson, they acknowledge to a
system of carelessness and extrava.
gance unsurpassed in the history of
this corrupt Admlinistration. It is
oat saurpriing, ahowever, tha6 t lie
lpEl'it:u party shoulIl le loth to Pa
ithl, s, a fl;.cti ve a political maehin"
is thfe Governumnit Plotnting OQfg.
foir, now that resources ;are ent o-
from the djirel.tienil of the Whish.
Riing, whichd 'lth'd" so liberally fou
yenars ago, the qluestioi occurs *s to
were the, party can get 'Nampail
fun11d1, i thle (~overnnlelt Priutiu,
Ofli'e is also abhlut ulip.
"lýett by lh':t Ih 'ro s fall,
Drltop by drop. the spritgs run dry.r
TIlE C'IIINc.iE I'IIO)I:I EM.
'ite imunmig. ation of Chinese into Ctl.
ifornia and the: pi psoet of their over.
Isnnint.i., iii untold thousands, the
whole Palcitict slope, is Ie'gining to be
looked upon as a serious evil. t
promised, at first, to be a bleasing
it flat I'colliiti a cuirse. I the QSt.
ate, a bill is beinig Iipassed, whoe oe.
ject is to stop the Chinese trac., Te
tact is, the 'tlct of transporting ae
infierior race to, A.\meica, has b.t
stlllicieintly tlied in the case of ,lh
nlegro, whose iresentce among us has
cost thelt coullntry its best blood, sall
is Inow the1 real bar preventing NortL
and South froml comlinl together. We
should, therefore, have taken waur.
iug ironu the South, anid avoided the
Mongolian as a p'estilence, from lie
first. The Chinese question my
lose us the Pl;:ific slope, if sot
priomptly attended to by the Fedels
G-ovtl"lnelrt. C. D.
'iThe Central Executive Committe
of the D)cmocratic-Conservative par.
ty ilet as per call on Mionday last, is
this city.
Col. I:. E. Burke was elected per
anante'nt Chairman, and 'Col. D. Pier
so1n itselmber of the State Central Col
mittee from this parish.
uech business was transacted ed
preliminary nature, and they un
the organization of the citizens of th
ditleient wards at as early a uomnt
as possible.
Meters. Burke, Pierson, Cunning.
ham, Ponder and Taylor, wereap.
pointed a Committee to eollet
facts with regard to the action of th
military here in 1874, and the arli.
trary arrest of citizens by U. S. It.
sbal Stockton. This comaittee wll
lay before the Congressional Commit.
tee or a sub-Committee, which we
hope will visit this point, all fheaS
relating to this outrage and thum
who are responsible will be made t
suffer for the indignities heaped up
on our citizens.
THE JUDICIAL AND SYVNATOtElt
CONVENTIoN.--In reply to our neigh.
bor, the Mansfield Reporter, conea
ing the Convention, we agree wth
him perfectly as to the principle
"Each one in Iis torn," foe it willie
remembered that the last Conventies
was held in DeSotor parish, althougl
not esactly in the town of launsfeld.
Now, going on the principle "Eac
mone in his tara," we cannot see why
we shuldo not elaim "our turd is
this particular matter. We gut the
first tcal, and it idoes appear tb
if it wohld be but neighborly so the
part of the RIprter to ail us, at
not try to appropridate to italf, Mr
tht,:der. However it is 3 maeirf
little coLscqiuInce to as, what iluae
diite pilace n" lY bl designates, ad ii
the delegates :asnined fre. ti
several parishes coflCaide, Idsthi7
prefer any oilther place tha*, oar litt*
city, we will most cordially acq1id
iu their decision, and with the stmb;
complaisance urge upon them Ie
nominaition of our best and bletd
citizens for the different olices. We
have no special favorites, or partile
lar friends to lobby through this, l
aly other Convention.
Wednesday last, the wind chsa
god from South East to West, gil.
fig us hope of a cessation I
showery weather for a time, at
least long enough to allow the
planters to get their crops elean.
We are now in the Smammr
months, andr hot weather mar
reasonably be expected.
Rain alnost every day tirs weeks
Superior articles in universal Is
qnest are always counterfeited, W
the pirates of trade, who pick up
living by depredating upon the righ
of others, are constantly tryiDl .
clheat the public by substituting, itn
tating and falsifying Simmon's LUr
Rlegulator; but beware! take .ee
except under our copyrighted, *
graved label, with meal, signature 5
stamp of J. H. Zeilin & Co.
POETRY AND PRosE OF 8 .
The glories of spring time Iiaaora
bIeen a favorite theme of the po
They glow with rapture wheodes
eribing how "Spring unlocks th
flowers to paint the laughing ll,
but forget that "Death rides a aer
passing breeze, and larks in e*l
flower." Yes, the vernal ~ggg ihe"
ever bright and beautitul it masy at
is frauglht with perils to the h-l
race. In our olimate it is the .u
dangerous to health of any porti d
the . ear. The sudden ehanod sage -
weather produce Colds, CoUlgb, t
tarrhb, Bronchitis, Rhomatia t ,
Newa.lgia, while the poisonous e
lations arising from the earth, lidu
deadly fevers. At this perilom6l'
son the greatest care should be a
eised, and the Seven Seals or Gld
Wonder, that speedy, certain **
fectual cure for all ailments
on by variable weather, or by.
ling miasmatic vapors, shoidd
kept where it can be brougbt q"iue.
into requisition.,
Sheriff's Sa.es.
Beonist C. Rachal, Jr., vohM. ,.
MI. Breazeale. Sale, of lar,PiOe
1870.
State ,n. Ridcard iiia06"=
James Blakely. Sale, . launJ.
:Sd, 1876.
Henty Saffe.rd s. hMrs. J J. "
sler. Camt,'Sallbtriy- lod, JeuOD .
1l76,