.? is. I~. (os IOWYE, .... Editor.
NA.IT( IllIT()CHES
::A'i'lI)AY - -- - August 1, 1874.
I silorý . 1 JA Of 4 5i)$10 0I15) 0 ( ý'l:f n
I B~pt 7 n I 00 1t 4W 1(F 0I1 25 (`0
S , ri . r' '." . 1100 13 0 1 1 0P '5 ] . 30 0.:
4 K" ,:r,,. .. $( o ,i (1 on !  : .0 a I :5 (
S11 -.. 17011 0 (10 27 ml ,5 I 40 0
t +.1 :lr+... 2100 "1 00 31 00 4 00I 45 00
7 4(" 0 27 0n 3f, (n 30 on 79 ol
4 ,lItr... ' 0 3 00 4 r,0 00 n 80 00
1 Iqlnre... 3000 .35 00 5000 i7 00( 05 0I
1 q uires... 43014 61 00 7:1 in. lo 1 0 0(1
2d0 st(Iar48... 6 (10 9 00 9) o00 125 00 150 (0
Tl'ran.ient, adcrrtinr n nt . f *f.51. per sqllre' of'
It !m"nI Previer. firlt inlrrtion. amc:h snbse
qulnt incortion 75 CAnt, per slfare.
OU'R JOB OVPl'I(' is cnpplied with a
rent vari'tv of t.v",., iind work in this depart.
;rent pe1'rfrmied With Ieatnel.n a alnd t inloder.
prilel.
TIernms, CA&I on delivery of work.
Rates of Suibsription.
I wh Copy ono ynnr.......................l3.P
na ('up3" sic niouths ......................1 50
(Payable in advrance.)
Vj \hite Citizens, Attentionl!
'rhlere will he a meeting of the citi
zens of this Wa'rd on Monday next,
:-d inst., at 12 o'clock M., to form a
White League and organize for.the
·oming campaign. A full attendance
')f the citizens iK earnestly requested.
MANY CITIZENS.
We publish in to-day's issue a let
'er from N. P. Metoyer, one of our
old time, respectable free men of col
or, andi we ask for it a careful peru
sal. It will be seen he is yet right,
tnd intends to show it more practi
,alliy this campaign than before.
W\ould that all our colored people
ould see their interest as he does.
WAnD M'IETNI.--We are request
ed to announce to the white citizens
of the several wards of our parish,
'that meetings of the people should be
held before Friday August 8th, 1874,
to organize White Leagues, and elect
:elegatcs to attend a convention to be
h.eld in this city on the date above
mentioned. Said convention to con
suit as to the best interests of the
white people of the Parish, and for
:he purpose of perfecting the organ
::ation for the Fall campaign, and the
~iection of delegates to attend the
convention to be held in Alexandria,
La on Monday, September 1, 1874.
S -- -----, -
Iet each Ward immediately or
ganize white leagues and elect dele
gates to meet in this city on Friday,
August 8th, 1874. Do not fail white
men to give this matter your earnest
attention. Let your councils be lihar
monionus and your organization per
fect and our success is beyond cavil..
The crops generally are in splendid
condition and the best we have had
in ten years. The increased acreage
of corn will fully make up for the
short crop. Weather warm with in
dications of continued drouth.
Our worthy and efficient Mayor,
:Jr. J. F. DeVargas, took up the Lovies
%who were having a liver little quar
1'd last week, and upon the report of
ýme that they were abusing each oth
fr in such language as is not con
sidered polite, he mentioned the fact
mat $10 or ten days each, would be
lhe sum total of the amount he charged
:or such conduct. They had a lovely
and lively time getting up the ten and
TiOUDABouT.--It will be remem
,,ared that last week, we made men
tion of the departure of II. C. Myers
and D. II. Bonlt, District and Parish
Judges. They, we supposed, were
getting out of the way of any Com.
mittee appointed to demand their res
ignattions, we now learn that they
were in Shreveport upon last Satut
day, and took the train for New Or
"cans via Galveston, that day. This
;s the first time on record that any
one from our city has taken such a
roundabout way to reach the city.
Tihe only danger attending either one'
(of them is, that they will be cited to
resigu their commissions, as one is
tatally incompetent, and the other, H.
SC. Myers, notoriously corrupt. Guilt
makes cowards.
RAIN.-Our city was visited with
delightful rains upon Tuesday and
Wednesday, which were much need
ed. The atmosphere, which had been
hot indeed, was cooled and the dust
!aid in our streets. Our farmers are
needing these rains at this time very
much for corn, and to enable them to
rlant potatoes. We trust they were
general.
We call attention to the card of
Wallace & Co., in to-day's isue, the
firm is one of the largest in the city
ad is too war known to require com
ment frum us. Maj. Cary is connect
ed with the house, which in itsell, is
,fficient recommeandition of Jheir
Complaints, Demands and Re- I
sults. L l
The troubles existing at this mo- t
ment in our Parish are of long stand
ing, and the causes can be traced back
to the conduct of Radical officials
here for the past six years. Although
we may be somewhat in advance of
the manifesto which will be publish- d
ed to the world by our Committee
just gone to New Orleans, it may not
tle saiss to give some, for it would
take pages to state all, the reasons
which have caused the people of our
down-trodden 'Parish,to raise in the
majesty of their might and throw off
the grinding rule of the corrupt men,
who have since 18ti8 enjoyed the pri- t
vilege of insulting and robbing our
people. .
Every iniquitous law which has i
been passed by the Radical General t
Assembly from that of the act of fore- a
ing 'Parishes to levy taxes to pay (
,judgments, to the organization of 6
State Militia, has been strictly fol
lowed out in their extreme letter, r
and we venture to say, and we defy t
contradiction, that more general laws a
for robbery and the better protection I
of the plunderers have been devised, I
planed and executed, by the leading I
radical officials in our parish, than any i
other one body of men in the State,
we have tamely submitted to their in
forcement, with some protest it is
true, but with no organized opposi- t
tion, the masses being frightened into º
submission with the usual ' threats
from the officials, that troops would 1
be used to sustain them, backed by
the support it is true, of some of our
own people, from good motives no
}loubt. 'The Judgment Law against
parishes, the School Board, and the
Police Jury enactments have been the <
greatest levers which have been used t
to hoist us to poverty, and to give
sonme show to these movements, some a
of our monied men have been indnec
ed to take part, looking upon their
action simply as a monied investment,
in fact such were the arguments used, 1
to enlist their co-operation. t
The first alarm that our people ,
took was in 1870, but after appoint- t
ing a Committee and),making an ex
amination of the affairs of the Parish,
a compromise was effected in which,
as usual, the people lost all, and the
Ring was suffered to go on.' We do
not blame the Reform Association at
that time for it, they had the solemn
promise of the Radical leaders that t
such things should no longer be tole
rated, that certain judgments obtain
ed on fraudulent lipaper would be
thrown out, these promises taken in
connection with pledges of reform &c.,
were satisfactory to a part our people,
and the affair at that time ended.
But the stealing did not end ; for
scarcely had our people become quiet
before all the iledges made were vio
lated, and the plundering went sweep
ing along until 1873, when the first
Democratic Police Jury we lhave hlad
since 1867, came in power, and went t
properly to work to correct existing
evils. The suit of P. A. Simmons in
his capacity as President of the Po
lice Jury, thirough the ramifications
of the courts are known to all-and
right here allow usto charge the latter
part of our troubles toithe scandalous
condition of our courts, particularly i
that of our Supreme Cotrt, whose de
cision in that ease will remain upon i
the Statute Books a niarvel of legal I
wisdom. Wherein a bonded officer
may, by ealition with the Police Jury,
swindle a'parish, thile blame, if any,
is upon the non bonded Police Jury, I
and the tax-payers of a Parish have no
recourse but to submit. Our radical
officials not satistledwith this decik
sion, went to work mad, arranged the
eourts by re-Districting this part of
the State, and forming a District with
II. C. Myers as Judge, when no legal a
impediment would exist in the way a
of the spoilers. a
D. H. Boullt, Sr., a man to whom i
must be given the credit of posses-
sing all the brains and imoney in the
party here, was Tax Collector, and to I
him we are indebted for all this; as
he publicly declared i the city of
New Orleans, after th formation of I
the 17th Judicial District, and the ap
pointments of H. C. Myers asDistrict
and his son D. iH. Boali, Jr., as Par- a
ish Judges, the removal of the Sim- I
mons' Police lury, which *as in it- I
self, a direct vioatir of a writtsn and
signed compromise made between the a
Kellogg andMlcEnery oleers in 1878;
that every thing was ar'range to his '
satisfaction, and he w dproeed to
grind uis to the dust. This was noo
idle threat, the ignoran and corrupt
Police Jary began its i ue of money
upon frandulent claim, and 8 per
cent taxes were levied to meet the a
requirements of all our ereditors, the I
Riag was complete, thej courts were ja
packed, the Police Jury was of them,
and our people were hoe nd hand and
foot, and at the merrcy of the mightyr
nman I). [. Iloullt. This )'crushing
process" was inaugurated and 30,000
acres of land o1ered at forced sale fir
tares in one 'week, this was the straw
that "broke the camels back." With
starvation staring us in the face,
no money to buy food for our
families, much less to pay taxes with,
and a rapacious tax collector thun
dering at our doors, were more than
sufficient causes for the people to re
volt. We met, organized, demanded
the resignation of the Police Jury,
and the reduction and postponement
of the collection of taxes, and we ob
tained them. We deimandeed the re
signation of the Tax Collector, the
District and Parish Judges, the Dis
trict Attorney pro temn., and the meem
hers of the School Board, and they
have been complied with. Our meet
ings have been conducted with dignfl
ty and quietude, and we have in our
owwn power.obtained those rights and
protections which, the courts of this
State have refused to accord to us.
The power of thtlitadictil party is
completely broken hare, not one of
thorn would dare attempt to organize
a club of negroes, far he is known to
be a corrupt man even by them, and
his intluence has passed away with
his power. Sister parishes of Louisi
ana "go thou and do likewise,"
Attitude of thie Parishes.
The parishes demind a hearing in
the councils of IAuisianla, and their
demand has so far assumed the fol
lowing shape:
1. We want a Convention to assem
ble outside of New Orleans.
2. We want that Convention to be
limited in numbers) so that its per.
sonnet may be select.
:;. We want the country to enjoy
an opportunity of making itself heard.
4. We want the name and the peit
cy of the white man's party for the
present campaigni to be decided by
the Convention thus assembled.
In other words--let those words
seem harsh atnd ungrateful if need be
-the parishes are .not willing to ac
cept any platform in whose construc
tion they have had no part; they
decline to adopt any leadership as to
whicih they have not been consulted
they have lost confidence in the New
Orleans Democracy as now represent
ed, and, to use a popular vulgarism,
they want an entirely new deal all
around. Instead of a convention
called and controlled by the Demo
cracy, they ask for a convention
which shall decide whether the Dem
ocracy is to ie an, important or un
important adjunct of the common
scheme. Instead of going as recruits
to the Democratic nucleus, they pro
pose to meet as independiet equals
the recruits of other armies and in
council wtith them confer the naine
and shape the policy of the conflict.
There must be no foregone conclu
sions, no cut and dried plans; the
campaign must take its rise under
their auspices, and the cause of all
the people go forth with the people's
direct alnd legitimate benediction.
N. O. Picayune.
We perfectly agree with our able
contemporary in the matter of our
wants, and the heed the Democrats of
New Orleans should give to our wish
es. Some of our people have gone
so far as to charge this movement of
the Democrats in the city, as one
planed and intended to bring about
dissension and diCisioi among the
white people of our State, we do not
give: credit to such statements, but
admit they are felt and uttered by
many of our best citizens. We have
great confidence in our New Orleans
brethren, sad hope they will reseiud
the order of the committee and meet
in Alexandria on the 1et September
next, if that should be impracticable
then let us meet not as a Democratic
party or White League party, but as
honest, white citizens, in New Or
leans or elsewhere and consult calmly
for the beat means- to save our belov
ed State. This is no timeto talk and
bicker over names, we want unity,
and we want our liberties.
SINCENDIARI53.--We bear from good
and substantial authority, that "very
serious threats have been made by
some turbulent negroes in our city.
These are men who Iarsve been thor
oughly taught the radical plans of
waring or burning, and their action
is not at all calculated for good.
The declarations made on our streets
Monday evening, that the RIadical
party propose to lay in ashes our city,
for some crime they may imagine hIas
been committed against them, in de
manding the resignation of corrupt
leaders, we consider as very incendia
ry to say the least of them. These
remarke have been made time and
again within the past six years, and
we have said nothing, but at this mo
ment the t~mper of the white people
is ix no condition to be threatened,
/m with unch a dire calamity as that
of destroying our bomes, thrown in
faces as an offset to our enforcing oar
rights, we are not in a mood to stand
at all The men who are indulging
in suech expreaeons are well known,
and we advise them to sing low.
ti?' White men attend the
meeting of the WHITE LEAGUE
on Mondlay.
Our Duty Done.
We suppose that our friends will
not consider us impertinent, when we
assume a congratulatory tone and ex
tend to our people that greeting we
consider they so richly deserve. The
once proud, honored old creole parish
of Natchitoches, after six long years,
years the remembrance of which is
filled with the recollection of the
nmurder, the robbery and the insult of
our citizens, has thrown oil that sick
ly sentimental conservatism, that
line of action without a principle,
that conduct of an army as it were,
seeming to engage the enemy with
its forces, but really when it achieves
a temporary success and that not ma
terial, its coummanders accept the first
offer of truce from its opposers, and
mistake the base surrender of their
liberties for real benefits, that con
servatism we say, which has, by af
filliation, by compromise, tended so
much to weaken our strength and
give boldness and audacity to our
foes, has at last been thrown aside,
and a fight upon high and honorable
principles been made and won.
Who three short months ago, would
have imagined that the ides of Au
gust should, in our midst, see an ene
my dethroned, an enemy, vast in
strength and resources, that had
ground our people to the dust, had
with the mailed hand of Radical and
ignorant negro law, grasped the bread
we would convey to the mouths of
our wives and little ones, seized upon
all avenues of revenue, and by a vil
lainous manipulation rushed our tax
payers into biankruptcy, an enemy
rendered unscrupulous and arrogant
from our conservatism and indifter
ence, and that trod alike, upon all
right, all justice and all law, in its
march to that one goal that actuate
such characters-the god, Mammon.
We venture to say that none expected
such results as have been accomplish
ed withohtt some serious intervening
obstacle. .lBut we can be doubly com
plimented, upon the manner wtlh
which we conducted our movement,
and the favorable termination of our
purposes thus far. l)ignity of de
corum in our meetings, firmness in
our demands, and a solid unity of ac
tion have been the great causes which
led to our success-and we are proud
to state that upon a plan well ma
tured, we meave not to this moment
made a failure.
To our sister parishes we can proud
ly commend our action, and will for a
moment revert to that expression
Sagain, conservatisni in dealing with
fraud, we contend, and are so much
I convinced in our opinion from the
surrounding facts of the case, that we
- willingly accept that olpinion as a tix
ed principle, that in our political con
3 test we must assume a radical posi
r tion, for we are radically riqiht or radi
f call , wrong, and we faiil to per
- ceive any middle ground that an hIon
Blest body of citizens could occupy in
f the contingency of a contest between
Ssnelluch parties. Thie question has been
t well defined and we venture to say is
B perfectly understood, that this move
t ment is not for the political suprema
t cy of any party, but for the salvation
Sof our common country, and we were
I strengthened in this when we saw up
s on Monday, such a large number our
I leading colored citizens come forward
t and fully identify themselves with
r the white people, and there can be no
m danger to our cause in being as ex
i acting in the future, as we have been
s determined in the past. This diove
- ment, which we claim the honor of
I having inaugurated, and coming as it
Sdoes from a parish so situated as ouars,
I demands the reflection of our whole
' State, and we ask it a fair considers
tionu Should you desire good gov
ernmento honest officials and the
wresting of our beloved State from
the hands of the vile crew who' now
revel id its ruins, you can accomplish
it as we have done, before tke Novem
Sher deletion. Publfe opinion will con
trol every thing, and to give shape to
an honest expression at the ballot
box next fall, an opinion not tram
Smeled with oath-bound secrecies, and
sworn allegiance to midnight con
claves; we must take ground that
such things will no longer be tolera
ted.' Let.each parish then put on
foot the movement to purify their
respective political atmospheres, in
sist that all citizens shall take hand
in assisting you in redemptiop, re
I quaire the Badical leaders sha.U ot use
their influence in keeping the colored
B citizen from your meetings,. where he
can hear for ijmself the truths he
should, and we wish him to know,
u ttered from pure and honest hearts
Sand with pure and honest purposes,
protect the colored man who express
es himself as your friend, and is leady
Ito give you his assistance, from that
threatened violence which is always
indulged in by some of the blood
5 thirsty bummers who follow in tile
wake of any party iu power-do these
and be true to yourselves, united and
darinig to detwrnd aind reqtcire any
right or immunity an honest citizen
should expect, and our word for it.
Louisiana will be practically redeem
ed before the election in November.
Mass Meeting on Monday.
CORRIUPTION DIETIIONED!
Natchitoehes is iedeemed!
13 00 Citizens in Attendance.
The larg.est gathering, by far, that
was ever held in our parish, of the
white people, took place on Monday
last, the 27th nat. It was impossible
for the Court House to contain one
half of the citizens assembled, and the
meeting was held on Second street,
in front of the offices of our fellow
citizens Col. Will. M. Levy, I). Pier
son and W. IH. Jack, and the large
space on Second and Trudeau streets
was packed with a deuce mass of de
termined ald quiet citizens, among
whom were over two hundred lead
ing and respectable colored people.
The meeting was called to order at
12:30 P. M., by Dr. J. V. Butler,
President of the Reform Apcociation,
who occupied the chair, with J. H.
Cosgrove, as Secretary. The Presi
dent explained the object of the call
fot the Mass Meeting, and staten the
peaceable intents of the assembly.
Col. Winm. M. Levy was loudly call
'ed for and upon his appearance he.
was greeted with three cheers and a
tiger. In a short and telling speech he
cautioned our people to quiet and de
termined action, that this was not a
mob as had been stated by our op
ponents, but that we had met as hog-
eat citizens to demand, as was our
right, that corrupt and incompetent
men should no longer rule over us.
The call of regular business being
in order, Mr. S. 1). Rains introduced
the following a
IESOLUTION :
Whereas, It is the sense of the tax
payers and citizens of the Parish of
Natchitoches in this Mass Meeting as
',sembled, that the best interests of the
Parish as well as the peace and quic
tude of the whole colmunnity require
the immediate resignations of the of
ficials hereinafter named, that for the
reason, that to their bad iniluence
and mischievous acts are traceable
the corruption which have brought
suaering upon our people and distress
and poverty ~in our Parish, therefore,
Be it resolved, That a committee
of seventeen be appointed by the
President of this Association to notify
H. C. Myers, District Judge, 1). I1.
Boulit, Jr., Parish Judge, D. 11. onullt
Sr., Tax Collector and J. J. Bossier,
Parish Attorney, severally, of the
sense of this meoeting as above ex
pressed and that they do thereupon
request their immediate resignarion,
of their respective otfices-(Unan
imously adopted.)
The Presideait then appointed the
following as the committee to whit
upon the parties designated and soli
cit their resignations:
W. A. Ponder Chairman.
M.H. Carver, E. 'Masson,
Jacob Kile, M. Hertsog,
Mortimer Perot, 8. D. Rains,
L. N. Lane J. C. Triehel,
Sidney Ilarrissoi, Joseph Henry,
E. W. Rawle, B. A Terrett,
A. P. Massey, G.C. Cunningham
Joe. A, Carroll, J. J. Rains.
Who immediately withdrew to fulfill
their duties. After a recess of an
hour, the meeting was again called to
order by the President and was in
formed that the committee was ready
to report. Which report was as fol
lows:
NATcITOCHES, July 27, 1874.
To Dr. J.Y. Bnthtlr. President of the Tax Re.
form Assoelation in Mama Ieeting amaembned.
Your Committfe to wait upon H.
C. Myers, District Judge, D. H Boullt,
Jr., Parish Judgt, D. H. Boullt, Sr.,
Tax Collector and J. J. Bossier Par
ish Attorney, and request their resig
nations have the honor to report that,
Judges IL C..Myres and D. H.Boullt,
Jr., are absent and the committee have
been unable to tee them; that J. J.
Bossier has given and signed a written
certificate that he had sent unto the
Governor his resignations of the office
of Distriet Attorney pro tern and also
member of the School board, that D.
H. Boullt, Sr., Tax Collector complied
with the request of your commitee
and signed his resilnation to take ef
fect from date. It Iso understaod and
agreed between said Boullt and your
Committee that said resignation is to
becarriedout in good faith on his
part, and that it is to be satisfactory
to the people, and said Bollt having
complied with the demand of the peo
pie each individoal member of this
committee gave 'his peronal pledge
that no violencewould be offlered him,.
and no harm done him by the people.
W. A. PONDER, .
W A Chairman.
Which seport was unanimoeusly ad
opted. On motion, it was resolved
that the Committee of Seventy carry
out the spirit and letter of the reso
lution demanding other resignations.
After speeches from Col. D. Pierson,
W. H.h Jack and M. J. Cunningham,
who advised all to return quietly to
their homes, bat not to relax their or
ganizations, and in future, allow no
man to hold office, who was nothonest
and capable-the meeting adjourned.
S J. W. BUTLER,
S President.
J. l. Cos',mrovI(: Secretary.
Rail Road Figures.
The Question of having :ad RIot
having a lRailioad, are being dliscuss
ed with all their bearings among our
people, in conversations aild newspa.
per articles. and naccording to pro,-.
ise we will now have our little say
in the matter.
Figures in array have been iused ill
estimating costs of building the road,
donations from parishes and citizen,
along the line of construction, and
in sununing up' the taxes we will have'
toWpay in-liquidating donations, meet.
iug accruing interest upon lonlds, &c
As we have previously iused igured,
suppose we continue to deal in them
to convey an ide'a of the beaeftis and
rerceipts which will accrue to us when
the Railroad is completed i grouping
these arithmetical numbers under two
heads: ftxes the Railroad .Company
will pay, and the approximated
amount of the increase in all business
and occupations, which will enable u+
to meet the residue of expenses.
We estimate the increase in valua
tion of real and personal property at
the low figures of $300.(100 more
than at present, placing the estimate
of the assessment of the Railroad and
its property running though the par
ish at $20,000 per mile, certainly a
very small estimate, we find this adds
$ ,200.()0 .to the taxable property.
Making the total assessment, from
which the parish is to derive a reve
nue as follows:
Real estate and personal
property $1,000.0A)
Railroad 1,200.000
Total $5,200.000
Now figure up our taxation on that
assessment of property at the rate of
100 per cent of the State tax, we have
$75,400, to meet the following ex
penses.
Railroad interest tax $14,000
Parish expenses proper 30,000
Total 44,000
leaving a surplus of $31,400 asa sink
ing fund and to pay off'judgements,
&c.
Of this 675,400 the Railroad compa
ny pays $15,080, $1080 more than the
entire amount of interest we will owe
upon the Bonds, in other words, the
Railroad pays, in twenty years, a di
rect revenue to the parish in the way
of taxes alone, the sum of $21,600,
which can be used in liquidating the
donation. -
This settles the question of tihe in
terest and taxes to be levied for its
payment, -on the $200,000 in bonds
we will give the company. The rail
road pays that, and over, itself, for
the privilege of using the londs to
facilitate its construction, and add
wealth to our parish.
Now turn to the other hand, we ain
reasonably expect an increase in bu
siness and general prosperity, in the
same ratio as the property valuation,
that of 4 to 1, and we can make this
more simple and easily understood
by exemplifying it thus. An income
at present from any pursouit is $1000,
when the Railroad is built it will be
*5000; in greater and less revenues in
like proportion; would we not in the
face of this alone be able to pay in
creased rates of taxation I Buat the
argument is, we conceive, unanswers.
-ble, when at the same time flgures
and facts show that the rate of taxa
tion does not increase ut all, on the
contrary, it is diminished, bling then
only ! per cent for all purposes, and
the Railroad #Ays one-fifth of that
amount; to put it plainly, we ame
getting some one to pay one-fifth of
present taxes of 3 per cent, and put
ting as in the way of being five times
more able to pay the balance than
we now are.
You will only feel high taxation
when you are too poor to pay, or
when you do not meet a proportion
ate revenue to pay with. We re ia
favor of a Railroad, and the Central
road more particularly, from the fact
that its managers say, and figures
show, it intends to do more for us
than any heretofore praoposed, and
asks as less for doing it.
We learn that an accident happen
ed to the steamer Sabine, on her up
trip last Monday, below Alexandria,
which compelled ber to return to
New Orleans for repairs. Her freight
was transferred to the steamer Lotus.
WVe are arry for Capt. Sinnott, and
miss his advent greatly.
We were pleased to meet Iaj. T.
W. Abney and Mr. Joseph Pierson, of
Coaushatta on Monday, looking well
and mauch'pleased witj our succesw
Thanks to yen gentlemen for your
kind remembrance of the Vindicator.
A CARD.
I Editor Vindicator :
Having for reasons better known to }
myself, ceased all affiliation with
the Republican party, I respectfully
request you to publish this card, so as
to disabuse the minds of throse who
are misinformed in that respect.
Respectfully,
IIENIiY JIERTZOG, .Ih.