0OFFICIAL
apereflthea Parih ud Cityormaltchitohes
JAS. H. COf4 ROVE, . "Editer.
SATURDAY. - - - SEPT. 7, 1878.
Democratic Ticket.
FOR STATE TREASURER,
E. A. BURKE,
Of Orleans.
FOR CONJREMS, 4TH DISTRICT.
HON. J. B. ELAM,
Of DeSoto.
FOR THilt STATE SENATE,
19th Senatorial District,
BOLING WILLIAMS,
Of DeSoto.
ANNOUNCEMEINTS.
For Shril
We are requested to announce W. 8.
CAMPBELL ESQ., as a candidate for
Sheriff of the parish of Natchitoches,
subject to the action of the Democratic
Convention.
- * I
We are anthorized to announce L. A.
DEBLIEUX a a candidate For BAerifu
subject to nomination by the Democratic
Convention of this parish.
SPIRIT OF 1874. th
Our people will remember with in- it3
dignation-nay, madness-the causes
which led to the splendid and blood- o
less revolution of 1874. They will pr
ever hold in scorn and abhorence lei
those miscreants who perpetrated in el
the name of law deeds of plunder t
and outrage which would shame a lo
tyrant. a
That glorious revolution, born in at
Natebitoches parish, served as an es- fa
ample to our citizens throughout the b
State, and right well did they emu- s
late it. That revolution resulted in
the establishment in January, 1877, c,
after a contest which will be marked
in history as the moat glorious civic c6
effort ever known, of the Nicholl's
government. The government of a
LAW, the government of ORDER, si
the government of LIBERTY and of I
the WHITE RACE in Louisiana. t
For two years has this government
been in existence, dealing justice and a
equity to all without regard to ram p
or creed. It is to-day the living. a
breathing promies of the Demoeratic
whites of Louisiana sad the South -
that all should enjoy equal and ex
act rights.
How has that government been re- e
ceived tl
In gladness and rejoicing by the t1
whites, because it has given peace and t
.quiet to all our interests. But the ne- d
groesas a mass are blind to every a
true and noble instinct. They refuse I
to accept, at least In this parish, good
government. They denounce the l
punishment of petty thieves of their a
color as an outrage on their race. o
They would trample justice under a
foot. They know no law but license. d
They demand to do as they please
without moral restraint.
After all that we have suffered
from their former leaders; after we
have proven them, even to the ,
most prejudiced, as plunderers and t
liars unworthy of confidence; these s
negroes at their mere beck and call '
again attempt to place in power those
whom the virtue of this State most
abhor.
White men, in th conservatism of I
their nature, and because their inter
eset require it, submit to a great
deal, but this is too much to ask of
them, We are getting disastaed with
the negro as a mass. (There as some
who are good mad aoble, however.) 1
The whites are tired of preebilea and I
talking, of begging saod praying to c
them to be honorable, sad act as gopod
and deeat eitiseas; we have sicken
ed tin the task of entreating them to I
support hosorable, hoaset, and caps.
ble ma for oddst position.
They have boees Wgtd, blind to
every appal-a- d we mow itead to
make them de it!
For yeats we have east aside par
manent resualts to oaperimet with
them. We have tesed them in all
forms-from a minaro ofaor childias
with theirs n the publie schools, ti.i
the spport of their bhat ad epre-e
stative mee OrtIh. mQ m hesborsab
sad lucrative ems.
It hbeue la aai; tJga mare r
on one objec-t-4he mcIal SmdW
of the whits aand. their awna p
litical sapremacy. To that lse hlei
it now come in this pariahm, fir tLe
sixth time-ad the Uast /
Every white mm recognise the
gage of battle. The spirit of 1874
is beginning to permeatn the white T
blood of the gallant sonis of Natchi. (let
this
toches. Their indignation is a nor- I
mer now, it will be a wlhill"ind of
wrath in loss than sixty days. nov
Blunt and his lieutenants must be in
disj
put down. Ou that is every white dec
man in this parish determined. He tree
is a standing menace to our peace, cy
and must be swept away.
vad
He battles now as always, from re
venge. He preaches hatred and dis- of
loyalty to law and order. 1
The unconquered and unconquera- the
ble Saxon will rule here as else- ali
where. Let all who stand in Ihis
train take warning, for virtuous yo'- nes
maury kin
"-Mustered in their simple dress. but
For wrongs to seek a stern redress; he;
To right those wrongs, come weal, come
woe,
To perish-or o'ercome the foe." ac
quarantine.
We are not astonished that certain
classes in New Orleans should feel
angered at the action of the country
people in quarantining rigorously all em
goods, passengers, &c., coming from
that city. But we are not prepared I
for such abuse and villification as the dn
Times indulges in, nor for the stupid bu
action of the Chamber of Commerce hu
in its long string of resolutions. We cli
desire to state to these parties, that apy
not only the health of the people of p
this section, but their future prosper- th
ity depends upon a rigid quarantine. oO
The Chamber of Commerce is a a,
merchantile association depending tv
upon and working for the business hr
I prosperity of New Orleans. They at th
P least should have known that in the co
o event of the breaking out of yellow pa
r tever in the Red river valley the cot- di
ton and corn crop would be a total ca
loss. Every white person, not at ed
once stricken down, would at once to
u abandon all, while the negroes would w
follow their example in great num al
e bers. The growing and now matured
crops would be abandoned and in- fit
stead of being a benifit to the busi J'
ness of New Orleans we would be- is
r, come objects of her charity. ný
d Malevolent abuse, and vulgar sar- i
I casm, such as the Times indulges in. h
serves, as the New Orleans Democrat
justly says, to anger our people. We
are ready with our means to aid the
t, suffering in the plague stricken city of
,f New Orleans but we do not propose S
to introduce the scourge in our midst
by way of sympathy for them. Vitu
peration only serves to render us ci
id more determined and the wiser peo- t
.. ple of the city would do well to have
Ic stop put to it.
Our Blishop to tihe lesce.
. Our noble Bishop has gone to Vicks
burg to aid the sick with his care, and ti
cheer the dying with his presence. ti
His conduct is truly noble and wor
thy of the days of Chivalry. He asks
e the prayers of his flock throughout d
I the diocee; will not those of every
Sdenomination ascend to the Thronela
of Heaven for the protection of his
Grace. He writes the Rev. Father c
e Dicharry as follows: I
Very Rev. Father-I will start to
e morrow morninog for Vickaburg. My h
successor there died this morning, two I
r other priests are sick. There is but
. one priest left and Bishop Elder, and y
two thousand sick. Pray for me, and
r order general payers throughout the
. district.
Youars very faithfully, r
f FRANCIS X. LERAY,
Bishop of Natchitoches.
The DeSoto Democrat goes for
Doctor Potts, because the Doctor,
e who is a candidate for nomination for 8
id the legislature in his parish, won't r
a sign an agreement to advocate the f
ll voting by the citizens for two condi- i
dates for the legislature, the parish
being entitled to that number in the
s General Asembly. This is done to
overcome "single shots." Doctor
of Potte contends for "plumpers," and
were we s candidate there it seems,
Swe would take "some in onr'o.n" i
of Charity.
Our allicted sister cities demand of
us every sacritce. God, In his mercy
r.) has so far blessed us with bealth
d let us be grateful to Him therefor in
Scharity to those who stuffer. Our no-. 1
ble women have responded to the
demand, and will visit each and eve
Sry person in the parisb for aid for
to the yellow fever stricken. Let our
. Ministers take up the matter andI
tale means for them.
......
EtITODTr lVITIrD TO AnrwD.
to The Relief Aooladtioe will give a
Literary Enarertainment on Wednes
r day aelt, which every one will at
tend. Messrs Levy, Jack and Gilles
pie, will deliver 1ectorep, while our
all youthfal amatares will entertain with
e recitations. The price of admission
ta. is gxed at 50 cents, and the proceeds
nto Ie donated to the yellow feve:
sferers of New Orleans.
Let everybody attend.
S The Clalbore Ousdis condemn.
itr. ir il unmeasured termsn We
,ast agree witi the OGunlas.
r Candidatp" had better hustle nl
Le .beir rsear The Parish Convention
,,eets this hy two weeks.
e Ramllytothe logan of 1874.
The Coutest. rol
haI I
Thi "'old gang" in this pa)riish lh,' tell
detrmineiid to give its a wni t i tllnl Iht l nt
liel\
this yeti. I i
It is well. c
The citizens nf Natchitchlls are ri.t
nolw piesented with indisputable facts, itw
in the shape of those robbetIrs I h i.
disgraced bouisiaua in the eyes of Pa,l
decent people for ten 3eats, that to nits
treat them with consideration or mer- timt
cy is but to warm a viper to life. 1I'
To say that deep indignation pre- Wit
vades the honorable public mind and
here, but feebly expresses the feelings 'sla
of our citizens. my
They are, however, ready to meet the
the issue. They have not sought it, the
and consequently are not responsible ouc
for what may, and is likely to occur. wil
From all sides comes the cheering the
news that the fires of '74 are being feel
kindled on the hill sides and are the
burning brightly in every white man's anc
heart. An1
This will be the contest for suprem- A'u
acy and we know the result. ble
of l
eve
RELIGIOUS COLUMN. see
qui
Edited bj the Rev. T. J. Hough. wil
of,
"The harvest is past, the Summer is ed
ended and we are not saved"- the
IJerenmah 8-20. wit
For eighteen months the multitudi- rev
notis and well dtsciplined army of Chal- the
dea had lain close seige to the beautifll rev
but doomed city of Jerusalem: gaunt the
hunger and white want was depicted on not
the faces of the besieged, scores of them in
clamored to ground arms and surrender. be
spear and shield to the Chaldeans, and sin
f petition amicable terms of peace But for
false prophets speaking in the interest of any
the King, and pretending that they had the
comnutnication with God, spurred the tai
soldiers up to further acts of bravery and the
R sacrifice, by announcing that the Egyp- gle
t ans were cotminft to their rescue with cot
troops and ntunitionsnof war. Thus these to
brave men sti uggled on in opposition to we
t the pro'phe'sy of that good and great to
tman Jeremniah, losing opportunities for of
compronmise, and witnessing their com- gr
N panions in arms fall day after day, in the ir
.din of battle. me
Harvest time was In early Summer, it rh
l came and past, and no relief was afford- be
it ed either of metn or means or hope, the en
long dry hot Summer days dragged their th
weary lengths al.,ng-and the Autumn mi
dwas upon them, and they now fully re- lit
alized that sinners and false prophets so
had been the cause of their utter dis- th
truction, and the rifling of their beaut;- ,t
- fuil city, with sail hearts they joined O,
Jeremiah the true Prophet, in the lamen- H
table words of the text, "The H irvest CI
is past, the Summner is ended, and we are lo
not saved." The glory of Israel was de- "I
r parting, her beauty was being trailed in lit
the dust, the hour of her trouble was at fu
1. hand, the Harvest of her opportunities cr
was past, the Summer of her beauty and do
Sstrength was ended, and they were not fo
e save. S
te Our text, we see, was occasioned by w
the departure of the glory of the Jews, of
out announced on this first autumnal at
ie Sabbath of the year, awakens in our J+
st minds many serious and sober thoughts. to
During the year now so rapidly gliding dl
' away, Satan has besieged many a pre- vi
is cious soul, the war has been fierce, the gi
] enemy has been brave, watchmen upon
the towers of Zion have sounded out the w
e warning voice, you have been told to ti
flee from the wrath to come and be saved be
from your sins, but the enemy has gone h
along the line whispering 0time enough s
yet, don't be alarmed, to-morrow, next
month, next year will be time enough to p
. call on the Lord for help," thus many t
have been deluded, many have procras- o
d tinated, and it is feared some have lost 5e
a. the Harvest, past the Summer, and gone I
down to the second death and fallen into k
r- the hands of the dread enemy. i
a But say many, "I have no fear that re
t death will come and find me still unpre- it
pared." The very fact that you have no ti
7 fear is the greatest cause of danger-as "
se long as Satan can keep you from fear, he i
is sure of your distrnction. He nrges J
nothing stronger than that you should
Br cast away fear. He exalts in your com- d
posure, and rejoices day after day as he a
sees the HIarvest is drawing to a close, re
O the Summer is nearly ended, and you ii
Shave no concern about your salvation. a
Si He is as much pleased at distroying a a
ut soul by lulling it to sleep as by urging t
d you on to open violation of Gods law. v
d The Summer is the perfection of the a
year, the trees are in full foliage, fi
thej rose (God's favorite flower) for n
he has made nearly five hundred va- n
rieties of it, flames out with divine ii
beanty-you have during the past Sum- '
mer whiled away many hours in ar- t
tistically arranging them into beautiful h
r boquets and rejoicing to place them on Il
mantle and centre table, that they might it
r, fill the room with their sweet odors and d
or gladden the hearts of family friends a
Our Summers are also the season of
t't malarial poisons and death-many eat a
he forbidden fruit, the sin of our first pa
I rents, and die-disease that had its root a
in some cold or cough of the past Win- 5
sh ter, in Sumoter puts forth the white blos- a
he som of death. But that Summer wave a
of beauty is receeding, the sap of the d
to tree is halting in its upward current, the If
or night is fast conquering the day, the 1
ad glory of Summer is past, the loitering a
sun rises later every morning, and like a
15, weary traveler passes earlier to his oven- t
ing rest. 1
The hidden and mysterious vitality of I
nature declines slowly from the high I
noon of its strength and fervor, andpass
es away witu the sweet and solemn dirge
of of sighing winds, and the melancholy e
Smarmer of fallen leaves to the cold grave t
of winter. K
Every year God clothes the forest and
in the fields in all the splendors of exhua. 1
Sberant life, and then lays their glorious
beauty in the daut, and so every thing a
he that lives and dies in the whole king
O. dom of nature is appointed to teach us I
that we must die.
or We tread leaf and flower under our
or feet, just as futore generations will walk I
d over our duast without knowing we ever I
had an existence - every cabange through
which we are swept jn the varied course~
of the growing and dying year, repeats '
to man the sentence proneonoed at the
gate of the forfeited Paradise. "Dust thou
·art and unto dust shall thou return" I
e hirs. Felicia Herman beautifully in
termingled the idea of leaves flowers,
stars sad death, when she said:
Leaves have their time to fall,
or And flowers to wither at the North winds
llth breath,
And stars to set, but all
ron hen bast all seasons tfor thine own, Of0
dr Ieath.
et How true, there is a season for every
thing sae deat)r-we know the seasns
in which to look for the falling leaf
when the cold breath of winter fans our
bcheeks, we reniember it is time for fa
a lded flowers-we have learned from As
•ronomy the time for the diterent star
W* o set-sad while learning all this, we
oave al4 lebrned that death claims all
easons for his own. -
When 8pring with merry laughteA, and
ol lursting buds, sul" e'rrpling birds emer
ioo es frmtn Winter, Death takes thp in
.ant child from the mothers arms and
whispers, "gpring in ended." When
Spring ripens ato Summer and the world
pit on its younrg manhood, IDeath come.
0 t lh' yitIh ;. 1.1 ofI I tting o r-es and(
hii4lit hop's aitl lliup se,, ;iili his platib atnd
t.ells himl, "'lst multiri' it~ ldd ? When -
AuthintI cilts and Ihei world puts on its
liery r ris. andl l ll all goes fotlr in the
primnt of liil to the Ilarvest fieldi, D)eath
lolnlt ;ntl s; iminoN hint flotlll 1faily ;11a11
;ri,,nld.. , ,,l tell. hint ".\unt m n I. ,. hle.t.
it is din,, for him Ito fall." A.nd "( h, i , lh,'
wºorhl is Nwhitlned hI the iIre is11d
nllOws it ' Winiters. lDeath olin,'s to r Iali t Ii
Pli, who is tottering onl his stallf. adl
twhose hteaildl is hlls,,tiig while frti eter- A
inity, and talls him, "Tihe yeair is elnded. ll
tintr is over, eternityi is et hand." St
we see tha tt fr thei criadle to theli, graei,
whether inll Spri l l, illlllni r, Anllt .nli or
Winter, death ('ides llp1111 every breeze at
and lurks in evenry tlwer. T'lhus adnlon- wll
islli ll 1, u to l 'e n: ly. '['There ain, ,- n1111t I
classes of l"Ir",, s tlo I ho)( lhi' \\,e'orts (lf
lly text are e~lcially applieahle. In lit
the first phlee they are aplplropriate to tit
the aged. E is
Our aged relahtives antd t'rienllds were lIt
once just. as wo ;are, theire W\i a tilll.
when they were full of life, zeal, energy t
and power, the world was as bright to
them theu as it is to us now, hut theyit i
feel life going away fcmn them, instead, f ,llit
the vigorouls imovemiienlts, thev move\'e
slowly and Caultiously ahbott, the bloomn
and verdure of their lift has drooped. 111
June has waned into July, anti Jul into tto
August, and August has cooled of ilnto
epteiler.m "Thi Sh intner is ended ;',
blessed old age, it' it be found in th" way l1
of lHoliness, where they lean llupon the W
everlasting arms for help, let them tde- ot
scend the western slope of life gently. il
quietly, meekly, soon the di'nnmed eyes
will be exchanged for the bright visions for
of glory, the faltering step will be chang- glo
ed into activity, the feeble voice into his
the melodies of the skies.
Our Text is applicable to all those
who have passed through lthe Sumlmer i
revivals without improvenlent--I know al
theltre ire somne who dto not believe\ ill1
revivals-- ut I aun of opinion that if
there had been no revivals there would
not have been a single Christian Church
in England or America, to-day. It would
be impossible to withstand the tlood ,f
Ssin and wretchedness-hid it not been
for the great gathe:ings of the people
f and the outpouring of the 1Holy Spirit,
I the Church of God could not have main
Stained its ground. Aftei the ascension
I the Christian Church started with a
- glorious revival: On the day of l'ente
i cost three thousand souls were converted CI
I to God, and this was followed by oth r Ce
o we iderfnl Ianifestations of God's power Wi
I to save multitudes. itt we have scores etl
Sof mien and women who have witnessed '"v
- gracious seasons of grace, sweet and p1:'
e trecions revivals, and who have been ,
moved by the Holy Spirits to turn from P
it their evil ways and seek God, not only
I. here this Summer past but at other places fol
t tud on former occasions. Through all
ir these seasons of revivals you have come
u my friends, and you are here to-day,
- living without God, and without a rea
ta sonable hope. on the way to Death and
s- the Judgment. "The Harvest is past, the
Summner is ended, and you are not save ."
d O, by the gooduess and mercy of our
I- Heavenly Father, and by the cross of
at Christ, let tie plead with you as one that
re loves your souls, to fly to .Jesus for help,
e- "For why will ye (lie." Do no' spend a
in life in frivolity and the cares and deceit
it fulness of this world, and then try to
es crowd into that ,ast, feeble, languishing, ,
id delerious hour. questions tot) momentous in
at for the mind of an Arch Angel. The go
saddest thing on earth is a death-bed,
ty with a wasted life standing on one side ht
ns, of it, and an overshadowing eternity to
al standing on the other side of it, and no
hr .Jesus, no Saviour anywhere to comfort,
e. to console, to take care of-all gloomn-all
g darkness-all despondency. T'lhe lHar
e- vest has ended, the Summer is past and
te gone, and he is not saved, not saved.
)n Again our text is appropriate as a
we warning to all those who rely on further
to time to make peace with God. This has
1d been the cry of your lives, and thie ve
o hicle of distruction to many immortal
;h souls. What is time T Only a few mo
st ments snatched from eternity to make
o preparation to meet God. And again,
y there is time, for our time is not our
s- own, but belongs to God. Suppose I
st send my servant for the marketing and l
he he loiters away the tinle until the mar- 2i
to ket closes and returns :rnod says, "I had
no time," would hlie not justly deserve t
at rebuke. He had no time, it helongs to
e. me, and so the excllse that you have no1 4
no time to attend divine worship, or to
as "seek the Lord while lie may be found" 51
he is frivolous and "will not stand in the
as Judgment."
Id Elizabeth, Quieeii of England, in her
n- dying hour, reclining on her royal cochl,
he with ten tllhousand dresses in Iher ward- I
e, robes, and riches alnd splendor surround
on ing her, cried ont in the hitter pains and
n. agonies of death, "millions of money for
a an inch of time;" she had wasted mtore
og than half a century, neglecting the S
weightier matters of the soul, and nowi
le would gladly barter a nlillion ofdollhuas
e, for a few noments of time in which to
ormake preparation for lHeaven. How ma
a- ny, O, how many thus neglect the most
ne important matter in the universe of '
m- God, hoping to lay up treasures here, and A
r- then in the last, the delirious, the awfiul t
ml hour of seperation of soul and body, to i
n lay up treasures in Heaven. How fool
ht ish, how ptresumptions the idea. "To- g
ud day is the day of salvation." Now is the 51
accepted time," the loving invitation is
of "comie unto me all ye ends of the earth -
at and be ye saved."
a- Time! Oh, what ravages has time
ot made in the world, when the morning
n- stars sang together for joy over a new
as- made world, hlie commencedl his conurse,
ye and when he has distroyed all that is
be deautiful on the earth. plueled the Suun
he from his sphere, veiled the Moon in blood
he Yea, when he shall have rolled the Earth
g and the Heaveus away as a scroll, then
a shall an Angel come forth from the C
n throne of God, and with one foot on the
land and the other on the sea, lift up his
of hand toward Heaven and swear by
gh Heavens high and eternal throne, that
s8- "time was but time shall be no more."
ge Oh bow important that we improve
ly evetry moment of time, to day is yours,
we to-morrow you may be in eternity. Re
member, lost wealth may be restored by
nd industry. The wreck of hbealth regained
ah by temperence. Forgotten knowledge d
as restored by study. AlienSted friend
Lg ship smothered into forgetfulness. Even
ag forfeited reputation won by penitence E
as and virtue; but who ever looked upon
his vanished hours, recalled his wasted E
aur years, stamped them into wisdom or ef
alk ftaced from Heavens record the fearful 1
ver blot of wasted time?
gh Oh, friends and members of my belon E
re' ed congregation, how long will yon trifle
at with time, with your b ood bought, pro.e- 'I
the cioas, inlmmortal souls, soon the Harvest
iou of opportunmties will be over-the Suam
mer of life will be ended, time will be no
in- more and nnless you torn to Jesuans now
er, and obtain pardon and remission of sins,
yon will soon wail omt the lamentable
words of our Text, with ringing hands
d and bleeding heart, "The Harvest is past,
the Summer is ended, and we ar, not
saved." Blessed Master, lift the veil and
O0 manifeat thyself to us to-day, pardon our
sins and save us for Jesus sake. Amen.
J'na Hayea, the Civil Seo vice President
{- (defact) ahsubscribed $500 to the cam
f i- paign fund of Ohio.
As - -*
* Blant's usinal place of resort is in
ll front of the Conrt House, where he is
t. tpWing politics with a cliwl of ne
r groesevery day. "
and Nortlhern cities are suboCrinig h1b
hen erally to Ite yellow fever suffere' of
Sthe Sonth,
5e
NEW ADVERTINEMENTS.
Roo3ls I)EMIP('IA'TIC ('E\N
'TI.AL C(loMIT'1'lTl:,,
n iill
Tl'l,'e ('(li'tral ('oltlinttee have y ,
,l."'iH tl lo I' n l h,' e1na lmin iln in ll
tlhis l'ar'ish on A,,,
SATURDAY 14TH OF SEPT.,, t
and have c'alledi a
MASS MEETING
it Na:ititcilohes '' 1 tha:t dlay, at
which time Maj. E. A. Burke, our
'a1hitlahte for' State ITreaul'rer.
oll,. .1. i,1. 1'1hi , 40 1 ':l lind 1h tt.
ftr C'oing'ress, anul Hlolilg illitams,
E'Sli., our' anlidate tfr stathe Sll wi
ator, will :addrels tihell pe h o!fl I
this l'arish.
O)ur ohl en'Iny I;BLINT altd
his crew, are tallvin. their bir'es.
anidl it behoI vest''. e'M ' ma il who
loves iS race and his lieoPle to gyni
iake every exel'rlim ill his. pow'l'r
to nliailit ill Ih e :es ih'niey iof' the A
I)ti'...n'ratic I rI'ty ill this i talt -
alid ill the Iedetal el4'ogress.
'We therelfore appeal to the Iºltri
otic people of thel various \Wards Ti
in this 'Partish to tiurn out ill full
force on the anniuversar'y of o r
glorious victory over Kellogg anti
his Ilniillionsl a tnd h rleet o1l or
choseni Standard li .ert'els to .'ake Wi
S\Vigoroul's and agg'ressive 't iI- Ecli
paign. ('otne in the spir'it of
1S7 -, aulidwe will carry this Parish
hy atn ovetrwhaellling liiajority.
N!. ,1. 't'NNINuIIA.M,
Chilirlli i. 'l'h
CI:N'rtIAI. EX, t'I'TIVE R(Poom, )
D)EMOCRATIC' PARTY,
Parish of Natchitoches. S aIli
Septenlber 2d, 1878. ge
A ('ALL. Ea
The uIemibers of the Democratic Parish 111
Ceantral Comanmittee from the several 40
Wards of this pa: ish. are hereby instruct
ed to call mieetinigs of thlie D)euocrati' I1.
votersof their respective wwulrls, at such Ec
places and oti such dates as taly le coll
Vellient, to ELEC'T DEI.EG.ATES TO Tile:
PARIsll NOMINATING CIONVENTION.
The different wards are entitled to the
following representation :
2c2d Ward 6 Delegates.
3d " 4 "
S4th " 6( "
5th 5 no
S 6th " 7 Il
7th " ?: "
Silt '2 " A t
f th 7 .. "
l, 12th II i11
I " Ill!
'l'otatI 62
The apportioiiment being maide on the W
Svto of 1576 the election of Delegates
tmuInst lie made by the wards as then or
e ganized.
0 The Parish Nominating Convention
e has been called by the Central Commit.
Y tee, and will be held in Natchitoches on
° Saturday, Septemnber 21st, 187$.
11 By Order of the Committee.
M. J,ICUNNINGHAM,
d Chairman.
L----- -C
LITERARYITE" lTlIMNT -
- --BY TIlE
: Relief Association
II, R
ir ON WEDNESDAY, 11th INST. tl
I ---- a
d 1st. (Openingil addtiess- -('ol. W'nl. M. Levy. p
r- 2id Pornsof\:t l Water: Leeiire-)-i'. G. E. re
i8 Gillespie b
'e :Ird V'arious Ro'ittiitl-uis-Anllatlires alind s
to Juveniles.
io 4th Reciitation tof Ioeii--Col. Wi. M.
to Levy.
1" 5th CloMiig Address--llin. Wi. H. .Jack. ti
AT LACOSTE'S HALL.
I, AplniaSioua .................ill Cents.
D- )oors open at 7' o'clock.
Pd roceeds to o to Yellow Fevri' suf
fereas at New Orlhans. 2
re Tickets tlir sle lat L. Casplari's, c
Ae Schnaiiaaaans'',( oks', )leaoral'eallins' Ge- S
SnillS'and Nelkilis'.
:Mrs. Phlillipine Kaln
of Will eontilnue the llnsiness of the late
ad Abrahama Kahn atnd has renaoved her
al stock to the store roolm uiledrt the Masoin
to ie Lodge on Secondl street.
,- A full line of staple, ftaar aad fnamily
o- groceries constiantly on hand and at rea
ie sonable prices.
is Sept. 7-6m.
J1)lIN L. ('1IlLL,
- -WITIa-
GREGG & FORD,
CCOTTON IF'ACTORS,
1 A&ND
6llI11 cluStilO IlicIAIII
-DEALERS IN
he GROCERIES & WESTERN PRODUCE,
Agesits PI ate I8lmprored Re'roling Head Gin.
0y , 21 and 22 Levee, a
at SREVORT -PRT - - LA.
ve REGISTRATION.
I I WILL open my office tfor the purpose
SIof registering voters for the election
ed in November, in Natchitoches, on Mon
day, Sept., 3d, at the Court House for
d one weeL. After that time as follows:
en Ward 2-J R Killingworth, Tuesday,
ce Sept. 10th.
on Ward 2-H H Hathorn's Wednesday,
ed Sept, 11th.
ef- Ward 3-Grappe's Bluff, Monday, Sept.
ril 16th.
Ward 3-J P Broadwell's Tuesday,
oy. Sept. 17th.
be Ward 4-Camspte, Wednesday and
re. Thursday, Sept. 18th 4 19th.
set Ward4 -Butler's Store, Friday, Sept.
. 20th.
no Ward 5-Allenville, Monday, Sept. 23d.
ow Ward 5-Beulah Church, Tuesday,
na, Sept. 24th.
ble Ward 5-Raius' store, Wednesday,
ade Sept. Sth.
ut, Ward 6-A V Carter's, Friday and
not Saturdey, Sept. 27th & 28th.
md Ward 7-Smith's Mill, Tuesday, Oct.
hur 1st.
en. Ward 7-B B Boswcll's Wednesday,
Oct. 2nd.
Ward 8-Jas Beasley's, Thursday, Oct.
nt 3rd.
a. Ward 9-J Alphonse Prudbomine's
Monday, Oct. 7th.
Ward 10-E Rost's Tnesday, Oct 8th
Ward 10--Cloatierville, Wednesday
in and Thnrsday, Oct. 9th, & 10th.
After the above, in Natchitoohes. at
ne- when the registration closes.
Under thelast election laws it is im
perative that all should register as no
previons registration in valid.
b- J. P. JOHNSON,
of Assessor and Registrar of Voters Parish
of Natchitoches.
Natchitoches, Aug. 17, 1878.--t015.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
GRIST-MILL MAN!!
S1'(:l ,I Tl' S W AI.' El{ i. n \\ i i .prlr d
T to r'plair and sharltl' (l ll. and
Mills.
No Satisfactii,. No py..
r)l' ,r, h t1'1 at '098 will ,no",.t pInupt'
atlyntii on
e'' - f ,l, . .1 . . 'I 'T , i I\tii,.
\ng. 31-iui.
S t. (F SHlREVE'PORT.
tit ln d R'd'l'i-i't. a. ti,
IS L ' I.. til EI I. a..l, Jt t
I ,,I1. .- l, l\\ ,'h , ....... !w (1 I) 1 ,",
i , ll and I.e',li tt ..lr i p
l gymel inrt llll . to
W 1deaay Ai. . Ill?, .1. I
Aug. 31-tst. President. an
_ 1_o
HO FOR SHREVEPORT, ,
Tfhe New Orleans and Rd River Tran-s the
pcorlatiol Companyll
Will ,esend oit h fre hr t t've for (traitd
Ec'ore al all wa hlnding' tle, light
drauglht stealmer
C()1NIE IIANDItON.
1.TT L. S('\El.L., . A:-t, ,
This Steamer will start hi'r weekly trip,
leaving Shrcvepo t on ant
Wednesday, August 2th, 1N7, thet
an2d sh has superior freight anld piassen- 1
ger accomnltlat ions. ch
All freights from St. Louis and the ja
East to care of their Agent J. OI .lort
h ,an, Shrevepor't, re-shipped free of char
Sges for storl'age.
Leves hrevep0ort tevery \Wedn,,l y at
I 1. A. 3M. R1eturning, leaves Grand
h Ecore e\ ery Friday at l A. B . e
W11i . FREN('lI, Agent,
: Steamer Coarnic rhandon.
Aug. 24,-tf.
Iepr e'nteautiful Concert (Gralnd lllt)ll
I I:A.I Pianos lprice $ 600 onlyfre lag
'425. Superb Grand Square Piano, price Si
$1,100 olnly $255. Elegant Upright Pia
nos, price $S00 only $155. New Style
Uprigit Pianos $112,50 Orgars $35. Or- Ill
Wans 12 stops S 2,50. Church Organs 16 iw i
stops price 5:390 only $115, Elegant $,75
Mirror Top Organs, only $105. Buyers ,o
cotme and see mel at. hotn if I am not as
repres:.nted, I. R. Fare paid both ways ti,
nd Pianos or Organs given free. Large ed
IllAt. Newspaper with much information
.Ionlt cost of Pianos and Organs sent free -i
Please address DANIEL F. BETTY. S
e Washington, N. J. Jlune 1 4w
r- The only cotmbination
SANFORD'S of the tru'e Jamaica i,,
gar with choice Aroma
tics and French Brandy
for Cholera, tholora Mor i
SI,hus, ,ramps and Pains,
JAMAICA Diarrhoea and Dyseentery.
LDyspepsia. Fratulenc',
want ofToneand Activity h
in the Stomach and Blow- .
.ls, and avoiding the dan
:era of change of water,
- C I N C E R. oud & climate. Ars for ce
AN FoRl' Jamaica Ginger tI
II RICK BLOOD1!
Parsolns' PuIrgative Pills make New
Rich Blod, and will completely change -
Sthe blood in the. entilie s Snteml In three
months. Alny perslol who will take I
py. pill each night fromnt I to 12 weeks may be
E. restored to salutid health, If snch a thing
he possihlt. S,,nt by mail or 8 letter
nd stampslll. . S. ,IJohnson &. Co., June 1 4w p
IM. IEhL'll F'RE PE Seven.shot Reol g
icIw E I ~ItuJ ver with box car- c
k. triges. Address, J. Brown & Son, 136t
& 13t Wood St., Pittsburg, Pa.
AGE'NTS \WANTE ll) Meal aidt Diplo
ma awarded for Holman's new. I
f PICTORIAL BIBLES
2,000 Illustrations. Address for Inew cII'r
i's, culars, A. J. Holiian & Co., 930 Arch
e- Street, Phila4la. AIug 24, 4w.
Jolhl . E3LEarnna,
NEW OR LEANS, LA.
ite l
-er -WitLES.IE DE.i.tl IN-
)II
SEED CORN,
ea- SEEI)D ()OATS,
IIAY ANI)
FEEl) STUFF,
1Riln Driecd Meal.
72" Ordlers solicited, and satisfaction
guaranteed.
May 11.--4m.
FOR SALE.
S gNE Second hand Ruggles Jobber, in
cin. good colitition. For Ternms and price
apply to E. C. PALMER. & CO
,. Fe'. 2-tt New Or canlll. La
Lumber.
Steam Saw 11111.
J. H. STEPHENS.
(Seren Miles South of Natchitoches.)
AS ON HAND and is prepared to fur
nish on short notice all kinds of tLe
BEST QUALITY OF
Yellow EKeart
PINE LUMBER.
Has well stocked lnmber yard in this
city and at Mr T. Chaler's, on Cane riv
or where parties can have orders filled
promptly on application.
PRICE:
Five to Ten dollars per M. at Mill.
Fourteen dollar per M. in city yard.
Address,
J. H. S8IEPHENS,
At Mill.
Or J. C. TRICHEL,
Natchitoches,
And T. CHALER,
Feb. 17--1y. Isle Brevelle.
NEW ADVERTISQE`IE\'T8
TAX NOTICE.~
Si ATK'AB CoI.( 114I'.';1 CWlýý FICE,
Nate'(iolý i, Mt'c `eli,, NIitb2t1 17.
Lu .In Vo lerIpared. to ii diect State an
P'arH,l Thx« K and( Licl4Ii(en 1W de
la1V onl t axes paidilduring
April ', p.r crii on Tax Hill
May2
3111)0 1 L. N. LAKE.*
Marc (I 30.1f C State 'hax Colletor
O pt', gui! Norphia, habit,1
UP.F dastamp f"
n.' ~n.J B c¢wGa e.Iqsji
LtD ~LL~kl~~~ ~zta
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS
('ONS.TA.II,F'S ,,LE,
It,.nm .1. L .vý l% El' .m'. nd Phillilp' vh.
H. Patrick .\ntilly.
,J,-ti( ('curt. W ird 1,
)Y virt(. of 'a ~nit of Fi . in..the
) hive ntithl a Ill ullnlhered Si tl
;tolI to, le dir',ct.ed, I will fter fior ale
to the llast aid hithi,,L.t bidder at the
dii r iofi th' C lunt ihu . ini the city of
Nat hilot hl"-, ill
'saturdlay, lthe 21st S'cptember, 17f8,
the tdlliwing tlhcribed property, to-wt.
(ite Dun lor.e, tainded All, an
h()oI dllu ' horse c'ill.
Terms of .dale:
('ash--with the i u'ti of alppraisent.f
.1. LEt INA JIA IR eLLARD,
SetI. 7. C'ovnstahle, Ward 1.
('onstablle's Sale.
L.%,\ & I' Phillip,N vs. 11. Patrick Antilly.
,usti'ce Courtl. Wa'd 1-No. 190.
1Y \'IK'II'E tft a writ of Fi. Fa. is the
) aitove entitled anid numibered sit
and to me directed, I will ofltr for aleto
the last and highest bidder at the door
of the Conrt House in the city of Nat
clhitoc-hes oil
Saturday, tlie 2list day of Sept., lat,
the following described property, to-it:
One dark roan mare branded All.
O4hi light roan mare and one roan colt.
Terms of Sale :
C' .nu, with lthe blenett of appraisemenl.
J. LEONAIR) BULLARD,
tlept. 7-3t. Constable Ward 1.
NOTICE.
Succession of Leantine Vercher, drc'l.
I EANDRE VERCHER, having filed
j his petition in the Clerk's Ofice ap.
plying to be appointed Admninistratorof
the Succession of Leontine Vercher, de'd.
Notice is hereby given to all persons in
terested to show cause within ten days
from the publication hereof, why peti
tioner's application should not be grant.
ed.
Witness the Hoel. I'. A. Sinmmions,
.ludge of said Court, on this, 4th day of
September, A. I)., 1878.
JNO. LAPLACE,
Sipt. 7-2t. D'y Clerk.
NOTI('E.
Succession of Marcellin Tatllin, dedld.
JULES DUCASSE, Adminiistrator of the
succession of Marcellin lTanzin dee'd,,
having filed in the Clerk's ottice, his pro
visional account of said auccession, iidice
is hereby given to all whom it may coo
ctern to show cause within ten days from
r this date, why said account should not
be granted.
W;itness the lion. P. A. Silmmon,odge
of said court, this 2d day of Septewlp
A. D. 1$78.
JOHN LAPLACE,
Sept. 7-2i Deputy Clerk.
NOTICE.
Succession of William Krebs, decd.(
R1 EORGE REHN, having tilb d his appli
r cation in the Clerk's ollice, to b ap.
pointed administrator of the succession
of William Krebs. deec'd., notice is hereby
given to all ipersons interestetd to show
cause within ten days from the publih
6 tion bereof why petitioner's application
should not he granted.
W\itnr.s the Him. I'. A. Slunlol, judge
o. tof said court, on this 5th day of Septeui
her, A. D. 1074.
,JNO. LAPLACE,
Sept. 7-1i Deputy elerk
NOTICE.
S ti ccCssion of ilenry Harrison. dee'd.
FREh WILSON haviig filed his ap
plication to le appointedt Adminiltra
tor of theI snccession of Henry Harrison.,
dec'l., notice is hereby given to all par
ties intulcrest-ed, to shw" cause withi n ten
dlays why the prayer of said petitioner
should niot be granted.
Witness the lion. P. A. Simmons, Par
ish Judge, this 2d day of September A.,
W. HI. TNSNARD,
Stlpl 7 "i Clerk.
NO'i'[CE.
Succfssion of Elijahl Sealrbo'ouo!ll \.
S II, ANEi, of the panrish of
SNaltchitochcs, having tiled his for.
al~l ali'liclationl iu niyv oflice to lie p
lpointedl adliinistrator of the ulccesic
" oft Elijah Scarloroughli, ic'dl., liotice i
herelby given to whoin it may coneern,
that unllelss opposition is filed in this of.
lice in ten days to said aiplication, he
a will be contirmed an adunniatrator of
said succession.
e Aug. 31-2t. Clerk
SUCCESSION SALE.
SSuccessionof Marie Adelaide Ilarriotte,
DY VIRTUE of an order of the Hoo.
) orable Parish Court of the Parishof
Natchitoches, I will ottffer for sale tithe
door of the Court Horuse in the city of
Natchitoches at 12 o'clock hi. on
Wednesday the 18th lday of Sept. l17!
the following property belonging to th
above named succession:
A certain tract of land, with the build'
ings -ud improvements thereon, sitasted
in the Parish of Natchitoches about three
) miles below the 24 Mile Ferry, on both
banks of Cane river, having a front of
two arpents on both banks of said rirer
r- and containing in the aggregate ninet'
five arpeuts, more or less, about 80 ar
peuts on right bank, and about 1,ir*
pents on left bank: said tract is bounded.
above on the right bank, by land of j'
seph Bagonne and on the left bank above,
by land of A. Lecomte and below on
) right bank, by lantd of .. B.D. Metoyer
and below on left bank, by land of A.
Terns of Sale.
d One third cash and the balance payablt
iv in twoequal annual instalments in ol
ed and two years from day of ale, witb
per eut interest from day of sale. The
pnurchasler to give his two proilllhmy
notes, each for one third of the pricof
adjudication, payable respectively il one
and two years from day of sale bekril
eight per cent per annum intresst frTn¶
said day. Vendorts privilege to be d
tained and splecial mortgago grasnk of
the property to secure the payoentoe
the credit termis of the purchase money
and the sale to be made wsith the clau
of noi-ailienation to the prejldice of at
p, rivilege anid mortgage afiresaid.
JOSEPH J. METOYER,
SAugn. 17-tds. Administratoz.