YoungiGentlemen in Search of
Employmenft.
N. Y. Si11.
In all large cities, in very vilhlige
thriougholiuiit thle Nourtlheii astern
States, there is lilt, nor has there
been for two years past, ally tadle,
protssitSion, or luisiu('5s that is not
ovetcirondcll. 'NAhei we see men
willing and able to watd for almost
any wages, v;iinly roaming fronm place
to glace is slat ch of occupation, we
cai'nnot lbut condemtiaii a eii ii i Iss of
young Dle hloret in New Yo'k whio,
withouit mteanls th selves, are wil
ling to live ulon their reilatives, and
would ratler tall; the last gently
from titit m llotheli'rlK I' sistters thati
gainl an honest livelihood by meals
which they deem deroogatorty to their
dignity. T 'se yoii gentImeIII('II
dress e (II, n iar boi toun 1(er1es -a s in
ple vinlet or a miodest rosebud
snioke good i'igaits, a111d dray be stell
almiost ally fitle day iin Broadway or
in Fifth avenule e1arnestly engaged in
"looking out for ia place."
'The sooner such creatures are
driven to work I)Y% absolute want, the
Ibetter will it he for themselves,', their
famtilics, andl the country . They a
drones in the hiiie. We consider any
able-bodied Anteici wan who deliber
ly levies contaibtions on the scant
pittance of a sister or a mother.. a
mtiserable apology for a Untan under
any circlmstatces; but when he does
it to ialittail himself in semi lnxii
rious idleness, the case is a tlhousandl
times worse.
It is no longer a question, evenc
with the most industrious andll wor
thy of ourtt young men, how they liay
best achieve fortuine, but how they
may earn a liViig. There are tell
applicants for each situation .lwhich
otters. We Ihave now on baud a ilarg
er supply of bankers, ibrokers, imer
chaits' clerks, accountants, doctors,
clergymen, lawyers, and tradlespeople,
than is necessary to tranisact thlie bu
siness of this communtiity. Every oc
cupation of this kind is overdone.
When, however, vacancies occur, as
will constantly happen in a great city
like New York, eveni if things are at
their worst, the extremely well-drcss
ed young gentlemnaa with a rose inl
his bout#onlicre, who has carefully
qualilied himself for lhard work by
two years of assiduous idleness, is
scarcely likely to be the successful
candlesa ,al uter tilese young gentle
men in search of eonployrnent will
exhaust the patience grill iteans of
those who assist or support them.
When that momenit arrives, we sug
gest thalt they abandon New York
and turn their attention to the only
occupation which is not overdone
farming. Let them go West, anid
assist in the crival of national pros
perity by working with their hands to
dlevelop our resources. To this it
must finally come. 'l'hey will be
driven from tlio city to the country,
tandl in the pictnresque language of
the West, the issune iof 'Loot hog or
dlie" nill be stu.a3cly placed before
them.
For those not afraid of hard work,
plenty to do mnay be found in the pe
troleuin region, where great activity
at present prevails. T'urtn asitlde tfrou
one of tMhe beautiftul valleys of Pennu
sylvania, into a ravine where you
attke your road as you go. In the
midst of the iirimieval forest, where
six motntlIs ago itnly the hauter foitiid
his way, you will see .i tall dlerrick
erected, atnd a shanty alongside gin
tamingng an olice a few account books.
Some round wooden tatnka are gt'ottpt
ed irregularly about it, ihto whticir
the iron tube raisiig up through the
derrick pours its stream of oil. The
ground is trodden lut) deep oily
lmire; the teamsters crowd up to con
vey away the filled barrels; two or
three- sontented-looking men are
checking them as they go. These
tmen left Philadelphia a year ago in
searelt of employuuemet. At first they
worked at *1.50 a day, Active, in
telligent, persevering, and industni
otis, they were soon enabled, pi.Irtly
on credit, partly for cash, but chiefly
by thu labor of their own hands, to
put down a well which yields them
twenty barrels a day, and is ntow pail
for. They wear neither violets nor
roses at their boa tonnieres, and are
dressed in clothes that would almost
do for shavitng glasses, so polished
and shiny are they with oil. 'These
genttlemen have iofunid eomtploy men t.
Let some of our yoUng New Yorkers
imitate their examnple.
The papem. which come to us from
the West and the Bonutl have con
stant and standing advertisenmnts
for money and mten to be esmjlo·yed
iD various agricnltural, mnatutictur
, mining, and couninercial tnder
ans. At a time when capital is a
'5 rtu utirket and profitable
investments were never so scarce,
when complaiuts as to a strphlus of
skilled and unskilled labor are heard
in all our great centres of populatiou
at the North and thle Eas, it behooves
our epitalises, and m0or1e especially
Sm~ployianenni,llt t~-aagn~dhe
ascertain where capital can be ad
vantageonely used, and where labor
is really wanted. We believe there
is urgent demand in Georgia, Ala
blama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and
Texas for certain classes of skilled la
bor, both in agrienlitural pursuits and
in all the various industries, trades,
and ocenpations requiring a degree of
intelligence, education, experience,
tult., and energy Inmrdly yet to be ex
pected from the average cohwed man
of those Statesb In Texas, cattle
raising promises mare and steady re
'tures. In Louibians. sugar and rice
lands can be bought for a song. Now
that the Soatherm States' have self
government, and tioubles between
opposeing racesare no longer opeta
tive, the SouZO offers a broader and
more profitable field Air the advaata
geous employment of intelligent la
bor than any other portion of the
country. We recommend a serious I
examination of thus subject to those I
young gestlemeen hereabout who real- I
ly want occupation and are whibing to a
work.
Breakfast Gems.-One pint sour
msk, tkree tablespoonfuls molasses,
two of sugar, one egg, one teaspoon
ig seoda i stir tr enough Graham flour
to make a very thiek batter. Drop
from a spoon ratoe yor gam pans,. and I
bake in a quick oven. Take frm- the i
pan as soon as done, and cover with ,
a thick cloth until wanted for the ta- ,
ble.
The Effect of Tobacco on the
Human System.
In theli fourthI annual report of the
Michigan State lBoard of IIHealth, Dr.
Scott ielates somiething new in the
infiuenceic of tobacco on the 'lsiuitan
s.ystemn, as ftllows :
'"'Theie has comiiie undelr miy notice
for several sears, but mole particti
us ily daring the last two years, a
iiind of rheliiiiuatic condition of the
, alls of thie chest. The patient com
plains of a dull Iheavy pain in the
chest walls. The dlisea;ise iln a large
majoriy oif cases i;is icontinedl to the
f left side. The pain is circuiscribed
aniid limited to a space of not imore
- than two inches in diameter, just be
Slow aniid a little to the left of the
left nipplelC. At times the pain is very
Ssevere, and always constant day alnd
s night, when the patient is awake. I
r have investigated the disease to soime
I extent, iand find it to be iore couiii
- mion among tobacco users, eslpecially
those who use the weed to excess.
II Pat iients snthring from1 tlihis cini laint
invaiiatbly come to their physician
a with thie belief that they have heart
tionble. I havie not foiund signs of
e IIIorganIic lesion in any of the cases that
e I have examineid, but there does exist
r in somie of theni what. might le called
e 'irritable heart.' I anm convinced
v tihat the greater nuitlber of tlieso
Cans sire1 thie result of ilnten perance
v eitlher in the use of tobacco or other
a stiniiulaiits, for thie ueasion that, whlien
r the patient ahbuius froni the use of
,s thlin for a short time, his pain ceases
- aind his onidition imiproves. In one
l raseu, where the patincut abstained
fromn the use of tobacco for thiriteenl
n months, the pain entirely ceased;
mibut at the eindtl of this period the
V gientlemiau recullumenciedl thle use of
y tobacnr , an1d afiter three weeks' use
i the old pain returned with all its se
Ii verity. I irn certalin that (lquite a
1numb1er in this vicinity are receiving
trecatment foir heart disease, when, if
;, they would reform in tobacco using,
, they would speedily recoyel,"
Rye for Pasture.
A corrcspond(lcnt of the Ellmira (N.
` Y.) Farners' Club wiites as follows
3 '"Fanners wiho are in want of fiist
t class pasture at least expenlse, fori) this
1season, should prepare a lot far the
1I purlpose and sow the sam110 t)o winter
3 rye ; and thecy will soon have a pas
t' tare for sheep, calves, poultry, in
'i fact any kind of stock; and for young
iI li t'dlih'( t 'Tto the g?>Ul,
?uZ do tMnpli antrh grud,
'to soIme extenut, if put on early ill the
11 seastiion, but later they can be kept on
it at a profit. Winter rye sown inll
'. the spring will not head out till thu
secoiind year, but will stool out so as
k to cover thle grounid, producing a
3 luxurian mass of feed that will pay
every explerimenltal trial. It can be
i( cut for soiling puIIrposes the second
1 year for grown-up stock, or it canl be
O raised for pastur e, as stated before,
it 0i it can be allowed to attain its
e growth and mature a crop to Iharvest.
It will also stand drontlh veiy well,
aiind enrich the land. From one aiind
a half to two bushels per acre should
C be sown, according to the wealth of
the land."
The Road to Success.
- Cotton Factories in the South.
SAstin Statesiani.
e If a New England factory can make
C a lprotit ot one ceit on a piouiid of
I raw cotton it has done well. A
k Son thein i factolry has an advantage of
oiie cent, 801110 Sill' 11100, oil tile raw
* material. Has it been cousidered
Swhat this meanis I This is eqliual to
Ii twelve per cent on the capital stock.
o I.f well Inailagedt it nuist make twice
e n runch as a Northerzi factory. This,
Y iii fact, hIas been done generally by
- tile factories in Georgia andl South
r Carolina, A factory that cost $50,000
C in tie South will wake as much clear
e jurotfit as one that cost $100,000 in the
LI North. A factory in tIle Soutli will
SmlIake twice the dividend of one in
- the North. Can our capitalists tlild a
- better place to put their imoniey tlian
g in lmuchi factories'l
3 Ponltry for the Young People.
1 That it pays to keep fowls, few, if
I any, who know how to manage thtleil
r will deny ; bImt there are thousaods of
a people to-day who could otriament
t OsDne nook or corner in the'ir city or
1 townI lots w itlI a small hlock of our
e doimestic pets, and it would he well
.worth while for them to do so. Parents
s generally believe that it will pay to
spend their money and considerable
1 time in making 11om1 attrictive, so
their children maI1y love it. The
s care of poultry will be interesting and
I proHtable to tIme boys and girls, andl
if any one of the improved breeds be
- adopted, much pride will b3 taken in
r their breeding.
Hints About Flowers.-fl on ae
f plants otught to be stimulated gently
1 once or twice a week. Rain water,
I so refieshing to sumiuer Ilowers, al
i ways contaius ammonia, whicl also
abounds ill all liquid innmires. If
of ferized car
gallon of water, it will fllako spring
water even more stimulating to your
plants tibn rain water. If you
water your plants once in two weeks
I with guano water (one tablespoonful
to a pail of water), they will grow
umore thrifty. Chicken manure dis
solved in water is excellent. Always
keep the soil in your flower pots
loose. A cormn fn hair- pin used daily
will stir the eirthi sfficiently.-los.
ton Journal of Chemistry.
Agricultural Arithnmetic.-Farmers
are not given to cultivatiing how many
grains of wheat placed in a row it
wouild require to circle the earth,, or
problems of a similar nature; but a
little arithmetic of this kind applied
to more practical Mubject is worth
the while, as, fot instance, the follow
ing: Let two machinesr oDq cotting
four feet wide and the other five, fol
low each other in grain for one day,
each being drawn a distance of twen
ty-four Iniles; the former will have
cut twelve acres, the latter fifteen
acres. To cut 100 acres of wheat,
tIle former must travel 200 miles,
the latter only 6&. A saving of for
ty miles' travel with a heavy load at
the end of so long a journey is a
matter of no small importance. It
is a saving, too, of forty miles walk
ing, or ten miles for each of tIle &our
binders. It is a saving, also, to thie
farmer of two days' labor for himself
and teamr and. the wages and board
of the tbou bndetrs 6r two ay's, in
cutting 100 aores of grain.
THE PIL
V oi'ds of Advice,,
I :5 L i ss,'; , ll cii. ¶.1). thl ir uwillS l'IL
ni ' S so I rt1 !.c1i ssi tr'' 1 55isild1' il 11.5
3 I'LLS
it v ia 1m w . warra n }' PILI 1S
' is : 11' : p'5I'i h..s ..'555 id p t.1. 1 .ILLS
t a r- It,'+Iýý tratnr,.f ,\u;Itonrr iu 1'11,1.5 '
i . . ' l l t I I ` ,I ,I,1 1 " " a l C , " o f l i r · r · ·i · ·. 1 ' I Il , L S
IT I :1t 4 ' t r n II I 1111
T I! ' llt t el, ' t. Th1'111.54oe I S
[liiir~
'1 ' I"I"', e t1",t ""f ttn ..collir:sit thn insthal n" l PILLS
PIl
Tl'!'1!li 1R 'l5111 '4 1111
I,.. r l t Is: t a '' i . v wlc xlii h 1'1L.1.5
.rT t, ;T Ti-l"l" PILLN' t Prmoa ILLLS
T'11 ll .......... ........ ...........11·i ILLS
'!{ ' T'IYEI.N FOI'RI ITTT'ILL
'Li PfIa is AoT . r t l tothit PILLS
'I.'! 1" , I ':t l1 Idi''I NI tilt' i i.' \ 1i 'II 1111,1
'1 '11' \II 4 11 .11.4 o r ' wlw]i 111- . I 4r. is 1 . .4
ll ::t ..t' try 1. Vt'!''.t Irten st aillp tl1 h li LT
11 1i "' II r 1' I't r "n ,Issst l t III.' L
. 1.1 El'ILi
TII'14~ILE;
ACIll ~(LE:A I EAD,sk.+lsclsslin.h. PI IS
'I. .' d iisi, sInd 1sxl. .. 1PL1.S
TI TT 1' ' ssr:sist spirit., his' sapp5sit5 ' 1.5 .4
Ti'I ' 'rsi's' sissne 'if us' rrecst~s ssf thes PIII1.
I''' 1"i ecI'E" o i'1'1 'K i1'A.1$. ' II Lb
11T O I o . ( L L S
TI T... ........ 'l
T ' A4 '....... ............. l ......... I It . S5
T'I" PL Ii'"''S '.IlN Al. THU, lF I 11
TETT'. 'IIL .
1, .. 1 ...I .. ..... ......... .. .............. ...........··· · ···: P l 1,1.5'
.....l'1 ." "........................... ...... ..... 1' 11,1.5
TITI S1 : PIILLS
TIf'4r :\,: 1 1:. 1: 1" :\º.; I l P i1.5
7, .I I" S :........... ..... . ..... .. ... ...... ..... ...: '11,1
'Ui H k rsi n':YWiln ILLS 'I'IL 1
q'1 P' t I cl, T'ii u i i' I 1 111.1,"
ATEr 1 EWY . f.1.A
TT .... ........................... Is
DR." '11 T T'"S
1'("('''1 i't l~t ie tn r <"u r ,I r · e: '11I.
EXPECTORANT.
This unrivaled preparation has per
formed some of the most astonlshinig
cures that arc recorded in the annals of
history. Patientk sau!ring for yeanrs from
the various disceses of the Lou'gs after
tryinrg di liercnt remedies, spending thou
sands of dollars in trveli rig arId doctor
ing, have, bh the rSe of a few bottles,
entirely recovered their health.
"WON'T 00 TO FLORIDA."
New York, August 30,1872.
DR. tT: AIT 1 ast winter, I used your
TI'Io I~i i. ('IT.1n
Expestln'Torsa rmough. ad rejliazed more brnefit
from it than anything I ever took. I am so well that
I will not go to Florida next winter as I Intended.
send me one dozon bottles. by express. for some
friends, ALFRED CUTSIIN.
12 West Thirty-first Street.
Boston, january 11, 1874.
Thfs certfi`s that I have recommended the use 1ot
Dr. Tutt'n Expectorant for diseasoe of the lnes
for the past two years, and to my kuowlelge many
bottles have been used by my patients with th halp
Blest results. In two eases where itwas thought oon
trmed consumption had taken place the Expectorant
esected a oure. I. . SPRiAGUE, M.D.
"We can not speak too highly of Dr. Tutt's Ex
pectorant, and for the sake of suffering humanity
hope it may become more generally known."-fCllcis
BoAnd e nedze bttecy xpesfo.sm
olt I b 1)BrggiEstsi. rietr' i1.OO1
S
TAKE
S c tifstha I 1have1rEmedeT hl
For all diseases of thle Liver, tomnacl
fnod Spleeo.
WILL CURE D)YSPEPSIA.
I MUST OWN t(hlt your
Si iunnoins' Lit-er Uegllator fully
desetl v's thave ben oilsbyya'itY it lhis iat
tainedr. Asa~ famiily medicinec~ it
hpit 110 eruInal. It cIse re myi waife of
I mIaIltdy I I4ti cooulnted ilIcriablo
---that woltaknno ofpotr Ametictlan
peoplel, D)3Yl"pepia.·
A . E. PALBERT.
Professor in Niclholas l'ublic
school, Parish of Terrebonne,
La.
MALARIOUS FEVERS,
Yon are at liberty to ulso my name in
pritise of your Regulator as prepared by
yoll, IItan rad'CollthllCsk it to eserg one ;s
the biest myrbvetotive' fglr Fevte'ra know Agute
in the worltd. I ilant in Sonthwestertn
Georgia, healr Albany, GCoirgi:t, and muirst
say tihat it Ilhas (1one1 mlolrc good on lly
pliantation among negroes thaln any ftmed
icile I ever used; it supersede Qtuinine
if taken in tiue.
Yours &c, HoN. . IH. H.ILL. Ga
CHILDIO'N !-Yonr Reg
alator i. $IupeOl'or to anllV other rom
cly fiir' Malarial lDrscases among
chldren, and it has a ftrg. e sPri in,
this setction of Georgia--W. M.
RUSsEI.1., Albany. Ga.
CONSTIPATION,
Tus1'xnloxY' Ol: T'ilE CHIEFJI' S:TIC Or
Gvomatol.--I lmavr imsed iSinsuous' Liv'er
Je3lWatw: fo.g cotl tijsationi of m' how'el.,
the liver, for the last three years, and a'TJ
ways whsen (sell ac ordillg to the diree
tious, with dceided benefit. I thlink it is
a good Inm'Eicine for the dersnugemnent of
tho liver--at least suhb ls been my per
solst experience in tile 11 of it.
Hrno~~r WARnER.
Chief Justice of Georgia,
SICK HEADACIIE,
EDITORIAL,--We have
tested its virtues persoII:tly, and
know that for DySpepshi, Bilions
ness ; and Tilobbing Headache,
it is the best medicine the wolrld
ever saw. We have tried forty
other remedies before Simmo1 nsI'
Liver Regulator, but nolle of them
gave 11 mtorel titan temnp)orssry re
lief; but the RegIusltor not only
relieveul, but cured ns,
Eu. TELEGC~n\IMP ANI) MESSdENGER,
Macon, Gat
Having had dubring the last twenty
years pf my life to attend to Racing
Stock, and having had so much trouble
with them witlt Colic, Grnbbs, &c., gave
mte a great deal of trouble; having heard
of your Regulator as a cure for the above
diseases I concluded to try it, after try
ing one Package in Mash I fosnd it to
cure in every instance, it is only to he
tried to prove what I have said in its
praise. I can send you Certiicates from
Angusta, Clinton & Macon, as to the cure
of Horse.
GEORGE WAYMIAN, Macon, Ga. July
24th, 1875.
Genuine prepared only by J. H. Zeilen,
& Co. Phladelphia, Pa.
gE Get your printing done at
the VDoIcATo3 Job Office.
DANIEL PRATT'S iMPROVED (
ReYol vig Heiea.d"
COTTON GIN
t
PATENlTED JULY 1 1Q7.. s
PRICE REDUCED
TO $4 50 PER SAW.
ti
TI3 S 1 IN has beca in use for the past
1 thr~ec `crnrson,antu several recent imu
Spro nuts l;itve been aidadr. It olvi
atesi a ll friction at the ends of fie cot tr
ox, prevents tiff roll fror irakl g, anid
Is gives a LAEGER YIELD OF LINT from
S the s:aute nirorut of Sved than any other
s (ii il Ilse. The Revolving I letl light
eras tire draft and causes the Gsir, to run
lister witha less driving apower. thus do
inr ai ranat deal more worak within thel
snre atime, whil econoatiariug teat or .
Sauilmral apower, than an}y other It' in. Trhe
S ae d litiii garllinad veary ienr, tille length
"of tlhe staple is incriasiel, protluirng cut -
to onii this nt couniit of a greater ri;arket
vaii rat. 'I'hi.s imp;trotvea1 value, givlen ly
alength oan stIle. with extra ptrtnation
of lint, added to increased amnount of
wioak done, innoe thiai covers the mast
s of the (gini in ever\ 101 hales ginned.
Testiniiuials sent by mni arin application.
JOS. B. WOLFE & CO.,
GENEflAL AGENTS,
..........C ONELET Sr........5
r-W O11LEANS. LA.
tý*
,f C. L. WALIMSLEY, Agent,
cp Arngust 12 JI T( II!TO('IEJ, 1.,
Sr
SSteai Saw M1111.
J"TI T. ý'TEPH-ENS.
ýur (Serem Miles Southi o(f Nutchitocks.)
a3t
;d. fjA1 ON IHAND rnd is preparreal to fir
ne I nish on shttirt anotice all kitnds of the
Et. SET 1QUALITY OF
of Yoellw Heart
SPINE LUMIBER.
a. tibs well stocked lnirilter yailrd in this
t city anid at Mr T. Chaler's, aria Cane riv
`et where parties can lh;a e orders tilled
prlomptly on nlpplicatitn.
- PRICE:
Five to Ten dollars per 31. at Mill.
Fourteen dollar per M. in city yard.
Address.
J. II. S hEPl ENS,
At Mill.
Or J. C. TRICIIEL,,
Natchaitoches,
Anal 'T. CIIALER,
Felt. 17-1y.Isle Itrevlle.
HUTSON'S
LIVERY ond FEED
St. Derris St., NI'TCIIITOCIIES, La.
IS PREPARED to neconnanoalate the
piapulie irn evarytha irig iin the Fecal rand
Livery line. St:iletl is first-class arnd rr
ranged espceilly for the councnience mnid
corifrart rafsttck.
FEED t'OR HORSE $1 PER DAY.
Hnacks anu hlraggies on hire anrd thr
niiihed pronmlttly on al apliciation.
It. P. HUTSON.
Feb. 17-tv. oprietor.
1 lY. H. CARVER.
FRLONT STIREIT,
a ?Natchitochres, La.
S For the FALL and WIN
e TER Trade.
NYEW GOODS!
New Goods i !
r'lIHE entire stock is b)1etter and more
I slcet than 'ny cvery inatrodcan d iuto
this ararket, and Iinmvrrig been purchased
with CASH, can be sold lowert Ihan tihe
loarcst.
p The Motto of the Firm is to sell
r CHIEAPEIZ THAN THIE CHEAPEST.
[ corrtg'gl1 ~ ad examinnne onr stock, which
5 CASSIMERES,
tf JEANS,
STWEEDS,
KERSEYS,I
PRINTS,
BROWN & BLEACHED COTTONS,
LOWLLS
LADlES' DRESS GOODS,
TRIMMINGS,
BLANKETS,
Woolen Goods of all kinds.
BOOTS,
SHOES,
LADIES' road GENT'S. HATS
Clothing, a fill and Complete Assort
ment.
ur Crockery, Hollow & Wil
low Ware.
oA full Te Cof FANCY and FAMILI
GROCERIES, WINES, LIQUORS, &c.
Books, Stationary, &c., &c.
· In fact
A FRESH and select stock of goods always 1
on hand, which having been purcrased on
a cash basIs enables ns to offor extra Induce.
monte to cash buyers.
Hiighst cash price paid for cotton and other
produce, aIrd liberml adnances mad. 0a cash 1
merehandiseoun connsigarmeotr.
orMarch 2.5-ly.
Iltt'>t m ll: in
Chrolmitl , Paintingtgs :ail Choice Priints,
at our enlariiedi AMlT 1O0M1. All the 7
new and 1,opular" subLjeet, at rock-hot
toin prrice . 1'he Falls of the Rhine. size
20x2X rmanitic anti grani; Sinte on
the 0s1h:itmn4:i, ('I of the hits otf the
season, sire 11.1,2; Lake 1. ucerne, Swit
zteiliitl, thO tittst hlnti tl hike in the
world: Isola Bella, a th:uniiiii stelin in
Northern Italy. ompianion to the prrre
ing; Off BoIstlon light, a ea otiftiol ha
rine. sie 14x20, in great ittniandt: Ohld
Oaken phiket, White ?tlmiiitains, Niaga- R
ri Falls, Nuwpirtt, Saiutagti Githuerinig
I riiirost s, At the e1a Nhiret I ahy inju
1)itlienlty. Also V iiin Vesta, Snow
Storim, Amierilili bruit itl iii itheri 210
siljei tsi Plu ral ' hitsiner s (tarlt s, H tiukd
Srboul ('arils, Stniaryum, Mottoes, Black
itrotuuul I'ainls, etc. Also thlie ti uet iral
uost coiiphlete assortmient of 9x 11 Cihro
Inos, hothi on white 11nnults, bl1ue line,
anti bliat muounts, gold line. the" stool:
embluuret everythiniug desirab le for lDiul
el,, A-ent, or Premtiumt purposes, 0114l all
shlttui test of rl. prices nitii t ali ty ot
work. The light parties can realire an
iiulpenltundrt 1i evtryiVt ltlit\ ly I inkiig
an mig'eily tier our 'tretrheil :mini tia'.eil
Chrouts. Part eilars free. Illustrated
atahegiti on receipt of utaniit. e Senfor
t t3 or "i oiut lit. Adlllress o
1 " J. LA THAM .t CO.,
419 \Washinugttnt St.. loIstoin, Mass
I1
ItL
WITH H111R
- Crowning Victory.
The Centennial Connutittee on Sew
ing Machines, after a thorongli exam
ination of the Viarious Machines ion
exhibition, have awarded
Ut . *eri h ar a11( ufitet it iltq Compnf y
The very highest Premiinut that could be
coinferre upton any Exhibitor
TWO M1|EILI LS OF HONOR!
AND TWO DIPLOMAS OF MERIT!
FOR THEIR
V One-haltf of all the ewiniig Machinres
d Sold in the Yeair IP 5, Were SINGESll ,
which is sntlitiiint evitlenie of its siipe
riority overa ll others.
All we ask is to test '1'Ti SiNGER lie
foire ptiihasi lg ally other. Sold on easy
terms. Liberal di coun11t thr each.
Bieware of limitation Siingirs. and old
SINGERS painted over to look like new,
and othtretl for sale li the Cumuvassers of
some oit the other Swt ing Machine Coin
pariies as genuite New Singer Machines.
Apptly to
THlE SIN~hiR MAN['rACTtTlING CO.,
No. 9t ('ANAL STREET,
NEW tOfLEANS, LA.
Or G. WY. fllBERTS. ('anvasset,
At 1NA'filhl"i'Ci~lXS, LA.
FARMERS AND PLANTERS
SUBSCRIBE FOR
HI IMI IBM W1i r
111111 lil JO8Iý 11'lDl l
RURIL OIJ¶'IIL D
FOR TIlE YEAR 1877.
It is the Leading and Oldest Week
ly Agricultural paper in the South;
contains everything of value suitable
to Southern Agriculture, such as the
culture of Cotton, Sugar, Rice, Tohac
co. Corn, Wheat, 1Rye, Oats, 'Peas the
Grasses, Silk, Ranmie, Moss, Potatoes,
Turnips, Cablhage. etc., etc.! the rais
ing of all kinds of Stock for the South;
the culture of all kinds of 'rnits, such
as Peaches, Pearsq Apples, Oranges, V
Figs. LemolA, Pineaupphs, Japan
Plums, Grapes, PonIegranates, etc.,
It contains a choice department for the
Family Circle; gives all the News in a
condensed form; gives :also the latest
New Orleana Market Reports; and
contains many Valuable Rteceipes for
use on the Farmu and Plantation, as
well as many IUseful Facts for the
Family, the K tchen, or the Sick Room.
Thei paper is printed fromi clear. new
type, and contains sixteen pages of
valuable matter every week. The 13th
volume comnnences Jannary. 1977.
The Subscription price is S2.50 per
year, post-paid, $1.50 for 6 months, or
25 cents for one month, in advance.
Address
Our Ilome Journal anti Rural South
land, NEW ORLEANS.
HENRY GENIUS,
Worker in Tin, Copper and
SHEET IRON.
Corner Front and Trodean Streets,
NJ ATPTTTO(C[ER. TLA.
yo
Wholesale and Retail dealer in all kinds of
HEATING AND COOKING STOVES
and sole agent for the celebated champion
CHARTER OAK
cooking stove. All stovcs sold at man
ufacturer's prices with frcight added.
Manufacturer of plain and fancy Tin
Ware Metallic roofing, etc., etc
A large and select stock of Tiik Ware
and House Furnishing good oi hand
GUTTERING. ROOFING, and all man
nor of Job, Tin and plumbers work exc
cuted with dispatch.
1IIIt tf A te
Cal andll Winter A nr.lnglBent.
l'OR )1 LI(NI) ECtilE, MI NTO'1OM ERY
\I.1.EX.NIV>HI \, PINIIvllI.r. 9 ",It~lN S
c
It 1:.1nftl*IX , m uºiT Illi;I ;"1,
All IWOay Laulting.
1, TIhe A.1 MagIifnitnt and thatt
I r-lunig pssiige un lilt
BART AliAB !
iI 1tim N. t
I- R. rSI'rvl", M1nde~r, DowTYt . 1(,le 1s,4U.h e\'l
n r IA\'IS (Gratia Ellr po(45tivly Iý 1erg'
Detor Irieet Pr pasy :tyly 11 h1res . to
hall Knl~owlt ! All Like It!
Detroit Friee Press.
1877.
lll t or Wit-lihihlr-Lthl-ll - Sklatilh
--(i1s\1i1-lFtshi lll--I; bl' ntll" -
- )tC m-I bute' ;14t Itrrignl
I ettI 1s.
You will illo it becttrr Ibhan any othler
'HOW HE WAS TEMPTED."
º A thrilling comtninnual Stor', written for
The I"Il: 'IE PES. by "lEIi"iy
Iliny' (F"alnny Andrews, Ile
noted Sout ltrtt \O it
will iwe a tfat'rt'
of 1-77.
\ I IiKL , post paid. *x:.00 per annrum
In la maingr 111 yourt List, start withl lth
I ltroit 1!rec P'ress.
Tll: POST '1ST''Elk IS A(1'T. FOR IT.
OUR COUNTRY!
L WHAT WILL
Become of It?
T* IS thtearquestion note agitating the publlic"
mind.
T' The grave issues before Congress: the
n- linal settlemient of the late Presidential
01) election; the incoming Congress; the
new President; the Policy; of the next
Administration; and futiue welfare of
41, th0 renantry and people, are mnatter's of
be great interest toI eia(l and evert inditidut
al. Such a crisis has not ltecu presented
since the Declaration of Independence.
A Truthful Ilistoir' of events. awl tto
ff ! ings of Congress will he given with in
partiality and fairness in the
CINCINNATI ENQUIRER,
it pnhldi1 spirited papºer echoing the wr sh
IS ttt t lt' peopilr, advocating &ubmnissionu
to the Laws, good (O)vernm1ient, ,111 the
I ielhts of the lpit ole to he hearid neon all
malttters that pertain ti the country's
wel1'.1re
' T' rit'kt t ''iuts Pi 1ty, alwpiays ready
$t, to trgaetijilg tr l'ntiti, bu1t who niller par
w, picipath is idatsg1r, will it dowilll ;1t4 in
their tne l haridrts. Jiy subcrlibing
4h_ for t111 Eimtit rer, i utt will get 11t '; TitlllI l
v\" record1 of evlents al the} transpire,wth
ou~~~wth-ry oor and nuhiasedi hv par
Ad ty thelin s. as the tle t jwlit ie l a ; uews
copits frie.
Terms of Subscription.
FOR WEIEKLY.
S Sinll ve Copy, tnt \ear'..............$2 on
Il give I Iles ".1 ac...87
0 Ten " " ..J (I ........ 16 0
041- nt W" S .. I T0 " . 000
FOR D1AILEY.
J By Maitl, one year.,tII 111 y MUnil I wtar.014 111
Six Miintha.0... O1 n Six Monthts....7 00
Three Mtinthts... ~32 Thrt'e Mttntlhs. 3314
SOne Month......I 51) tne Month....I 51)
Mlost liberal terms to clib ageintt s.end
Sfur specimien colpies iind agenlts' outfit.
Ageuts wiintedl 11 'very post-oftice.
Address all letters to
FAIRAN & McLEAN, PI'Ilaswns,
Cincinnati, Ohio.
0 PRIME ENJOYMENT FOR A YAR,
Less tkan four' Geuts a Week.
SMAKE IIOME ATTRA4CTIVE BY INT1RO
DUt IN
Which for more thiti i53 years has been
tlit litst
STORY, SKETCH & F'AMILY PAPER
as is well known all over the Unit4'd
States. It is pnltlished weekly, contains
eight large paiges, clearly priniteti on gootl
lplliei, tilled wvitht the choicest. storiesanti
skt'tches by the hest writers ; no sen
willing to have her children read. The
whole tone of the paper is pare and cl
Sevating.
It also conltains Hlistorical and Iliogra
plhical articles; Scientific; Agr'icultural
and H. usehold Departments ; Fashion
Article weekly, fresh and exeellied; He
amorous Notes ; Litirary Reviews; News
Not's; Boy's and Girls' Columns,
anti Sparkling Ethitorial, etc., etc.
1nst such a a papier as everybody lov~es to
, read, anti tie price is tonly
TWO DOLLARS A YEAR.
Samile copty containing elults ratt's, etc.
sent on receiltt of' a :l-c',nt stanip. Address
NO. 650 BENNETT & FLOTTH,
7@O Sansoma St ret, Philadlphiaa, Pa.
N. 11.-lie sure anud aflix the nlimulter
0150 before BlENI3rr & I"ITell, so that we
mtay knowv thrttngb what jiaper the sutb
scriptiton colnies.
ITHlE SUN
1877 NEW YORK. 1.877
Tite different etiii~tont of '1 IE SUN dnrring
the0 ntxt. year will bt, thi" saite as tuimnii ilth
year that hasjuist pasatil. 'The dihuy adittliion
wilt on teek daysheit. a shetet tt t'ttir jtlgt', or
of :6 liroatictit enman: while the wei'kly cilition
wil'l lie a hetii'l oit tigtt pages to'fluhe same tlimnt
s uions anti character that are aready familiar to
THlE SUN will contiant, to be the strenuouts
an advicet' iof rteformi~ antI retuencliunent, auui itf
tht subtStitultiton of statesmnanstip. wisilou, 11nd
lintegrity foir hii oll' prttence. inihecil ity, antI
frantt in the atlninistratioin of' piublie lifiuirs. It
II wtill conttenti icr the govetrlnut'Rt otf ut'ht eopllt
by the pieople and for tlii licopli', as oppttat't to
gotvernmtent by frantis in thlil halitliox neail in
thte counituig ofi votils, enolrctldt by nmilitatrs
vin olen~tce. It will t'ntlt'vtr tlt itpply it.s reastt
era-a Itoty now not tar front a miliilion of siutni
-with the intst cart'ful, compjlete. antI I nst.
*O worthy contiC slli ott cirrentt el''ntut, nan will
tll asplfoyr thiis prtizrose a litenerotis and care.
tifutevlt'cted staff ott relottt'trs and coIT'jrrell.
LI- dentit. ht Its eorts t'r'lm Whahington. ciutecial.
iv, will itt lull, accuralt', anti ft'arless: anti it
Cwill toubtllett54 titntinue itt tleset'v amid ilnjil
liho hatrt'd orf thtise wthi tltrise lty ulitotring
*he 'Troiisur.y or hr tsuniJng what the, law nots
tit hive th ron,. wlil it -'i*lt , ":q, to
li.,tly contl,1en e if tilt uhitii, ie b ~ 4,ji"rli/lt e t
ripht ý Ilit pr u t he Ito. iI!.,itil h t lt
T'he toil I of tlt IHly l tl FN will ht"3 a nt
:t mauth olr W6 SO a >ar,4 pun, t laid, of With
Tilt. S NLl l e I it 'y ,Oin ý;:"' fih
$1 JO n \ i*er. pntt Haid. * Page,.
'Iht" W et te I t N . ta i_;,t, h ers of',t hr, I or l .
111111, .nill tiefornnisual"i ning1 ll' ; 4 t the rel
of I :1 feat. tooit paid. i ate
Titiih I lit tI I, htre rX iu ti5n from il ia
pret i ts r.:t, fo e iii 1.," it' Va h" enijo(i y,
Coah up 11 rier hournatty
114 itl h.i ,:tit ny ol tna t , it' arep te
iitr fri neNii rihll i ;tirlel , i tf tliun Ilourl
eniatii wti tt.al le iratloti at-heinand fr.r
tilt p, iiitiit ~ I '10 eit u m ,['liii ciiuf t ii zicere;f
-itit tttgo ii tt iiil ha ltod t i 'efltiiry ofbc
t in nn ii w t intta l h," eotitnbiiid tut)eco
of thi papa or hu if \tit11toult 1 irgs . At
ne dllu . .ar, iti h t fel- potc l. thrwn efprnote'o
pialr url print lu_ a o hil et o r l; and, sopi.
gnutly Ime dit t.w ret an, the e o uality of
its e n frontt , 2eae ooista nt toks p orpl kl
1uil tlIl "ki St\tethaetnepry pubhli ;edl in the wotrld, usutl Kr truat alo
tine of the t i ltit- J itr
iididr eis "\ii "i11 Tili, t( ity, ta . T
'71 THE PEOPLE'S PAPER'TI
TH'IE Lt0CISVIlLLE. WEEKLY
Courier-Journal
Tile GrCat National atil' Newspaper
t ('om iineh the elioriei'yCt, ability ean
material rii itt 1 tiiu t' on rti, rhl-tiail Lori
i 11 tiWeeskalytirs of national reputew
the L isvilli C.ariear, Loista p.ll Jouri
ei 11n11 and Ltuit(ille lie mocrat-r l ir for.
t ilXll in tilt res pect s nu confi.j ice re..
stitling fri ii n-jourly half a . entury of
'their individual acid combined success'
ir -
itThe Wew Yor Wourld-four 187 Dilyo
r bre hasty i oteia-potchi thrown from the'
-daily edition, but a completi, able, spicy
tamiily l a rn tefuoly and intelli
gently edited in every column and parwt
Chive fromt 2'25 standlardl books, or any
one tgt thCi itaiditcg magazines or illustri
It1 peritoicls wo ll mere pittance it a
a'dition to the pri of th Coullrier-Jours
tuu:ol lsn.
PREtiNTICE S P01`14 -lilt the Weekly
C'ourit r Jo unal one year for .t:ko.0
A sprlendlidlA Map of the Southt, size
- Sro32 inheti, iartesoty.y colored, varb
gnished tutu harnt oi n roles, retail price
t2.00, will be Itielseteit to teinh sgibserit
blr to the t Weeily Co rier-Journal who
sends its ii it.00.
'Terms. $2'.00 a yecar, postage paid. Lib.
iral otfers to tlubs of tie or more. Spei
tiaelt copy and descriptive circular free
to ally address.
it Address Wt N. Ii HiLDEMAN,
fires.iCourier- eii-tal Co., Louisville, Ky
111E4L TVOLD
SFOR 1377"
rf
,t The New York World for 1877 Daily,
t- `eau-Weekly null Weekly, will be found
dl to hºe the cheapest and best newspaper
t.n'ished it the ioited States. It will
,- be printed in an improved formwith newh
I- type oupn the best paper,antdl noexpense
or labor Itill be shared to maintain it in
every department at the highest possible
standard. anof to comiend it in all ree.,
piees to tall toti'b ence and approvalrof
1. tlitheost classes in the con rynuaty with.
t out regard to political opinions orld
11 ions diffrences.
'S It will laig before its readersu
trem:ent of Tthe iub .4 DYi oftall kindi andl
s from all satarteres, by mail and by tel
tigopn. carefully condensed and lucidly
n arranght, openlattention reinggiventoh
tauli ( omrnercial, Lekal, Financial. Social
II and Political Traneactions in the City of
º- Nets' York edby the United States.
Farati Ri:ttalrsit, Reciting and Ilghstan.
f tinh all Congressional and Lcgislatis e
t proceedingo atit pashingtor and Albany;
all Mcetinies of importam n, Religious,
Literary", E'ducational. Scientific and Pol
itinl : all Soial ci vnts, gay and gratn;
it1 will nt hal inlyurndetiotd to tis aod
Itwilfelcnvs the public enut
iir whie it willh trat ithrespect sthe pri
vtit rlgbs, of Pubicden, rtr anit wilt .e
r aies ofeituressy itholot the workinso a
national, state and municipal go whrck
)s It treall winll te kesteadfastd ofreriuc
'5 thong wthe oriiualtPriincipltes ofcurrpoli
ii ticeal ~tuem as thre oal ond baseisfall
1-nede riiiiim of eili nthberein; s an ufat
ieingticevot lln to the Constsitutioncaind
0ihMsc the Unina stilna fideitytong thSou
tue n all the rea siafieguas of Airt.
se. iaorall Atroni upart (ever ubjent i a
s Liresen Conteryst o iproritae.go n o
will feeln aoee inon oir s feho-itcnsiof all
creesatmdectlorsh aullc s(ections aid wall
osefcets; and toadvaTce bothlby hile cre
(Cetsatide by pitcs, dexanire the reignrof
Reaon only of Lwhti over prejdwie in ou
paslion in all onr auhijo liactiont and if
the discusio of piall publicn affaithe
asirtwils iof Restim, alas.to thoe whicof
so its e aihint toallnien aitof all classes and
(tectiis of good Worals, puiita lorder fod
the lawitnwill esndehavoin ah wori, to'
make itsmoratic ut s afterordito c~doer'
randica lpraise to theni r tha dou well.
Nor wll itrtilons cigty mae anwhl ofatiron
gret arido legbitimat dematnd of the a
tead irimpant' for eny prtainnrenty Thqe.
ItwO Divl ely keepvits reaersubinfcormdut
sa wily aid will tprea weitherepc trouble
R norn fexpeissy itopoid them worith af ou
nedationaintted and acura icture gofethe
a timsi wtr inch wae livte. datrla
Daticl yte arl Sthdaosl soue year.s of al
six moeth, finptorememntirthern $2.50.a
ailyen wivtliontio Sunays Cosione yar d
six th nionts, $425 thee mponsthsit to i2l;
an leless tha trieloths. $1n mainth.n
Th eli eniou i-Wertyl Itwilil Tosekt it-Y
ngte aind 1noeltv)r tollagrsavt thear.lsi
a Clep agaetitromA extarty p foernm clu o
a tren Chintr aiy m ohi pofotwegodat3 d nos
'Ii Weeklyn ln Wori (fellow-ciazes) of al
treed c and6i chulor, of l tenc;tion Senii'W
lforsechub af toeiaty the Dotily for club'
pshiotlnn in alber spnboniic) aition ad l
thernris--cussio lof' ,al ulaihy Afirdvc.
Atwll doiiiunniceatti iwaiysl lto tiiiIFst o.
s itsail to TllHEn Wn o all lsto
Corer lark it wil andIeckvorn a tree to
WORLDwillkeepits ede inf ork..