ean 'a gir * tar .
urn U- (EIM OV UL " " EDiTOr.
NEWS AND NOTES. ra
dre
A S.us y aof laputEnt ete. 1
sad
PIRSONAL AND POLITICAL.
GnsIa L IIMncocE has written a let
t in reply to one from Mr. Theodore Cook,
of Clnclanatl, in reference to "' Southern
war elaims." It was published by the As- alo
seated Paress on the Mth. In it betakes the thu
ground that all such elaims are necessarily .4
lnvaUd, and rys that if he were President
he *would veto all legislation which might of
some before me providng for the considera- st
don or payment o claims of any kind for exý
lesses or damage by persons who ware in re
bellion, whether pardoned or not."
Miniwra CUesm mnCr has gone t
from Pae to Chill to present to the latter s
Government certain claims for damage
eaused to the property of American citzens
during the war.
It is announced that Col. James G. oM
air, of the Bonnn Irs, has signified his
willigless to become the Democratic can- m
didate for United Stated Senator from Ne- re
vad, in oppooetion to Senator Sharon, who bl1
i a eandidate for re-election. a
Taus was a monster Republican onl
dmomnatatit i Thladelphia on the night e
of the 2nth, aester waRin was he princd- a,
pal orator of the meeting. be
J. B. YrsaLott, Greenbusk candidate ,
for Secretary of State in Indiana, has with
drawn from the tifeket sad announces that 1
he shall act with the Demoratio party. of
A CALL has been issued, signed by U.p
8. Grant, Commander-in-Chief, for a Con- ph
vention of the Union Veteran Soldiers and Ino
Sailors of the United States, tobeheld at In- not
dianapoll, on Thursday, Oct. 7, 1880. me
PassIDnant Ha'rs and party have Co
gone to Oregon. lit
OrrsAaL returns of the Vermont tiv
eksetion: Total vote, 70,709; Farnham
(Rep.), 47,8)1; Phelps (lJm.), 21,223; sol
Heath (Oreenb.), 1,V78; scattering, 14; bo
Parnham's majority, *070. Cl
Tern Supreme Court of Indians has pa
overruled the petition for a rehearing ln the the
ease involving the validity of the Constitu- th
tional amendments. Judges Riddle, War
men aid Hiowk were against reopening the
case, and Judlges iblaek and Scott in favor. a
The State election will, therefore, be held 1&
in October.
Tuoeis ALLsE, President of the St. e'
Louis and Iron Mountain Railroad, has been
omianatad for Congress by the Democrats of tie
the Seuosd Missourt District (St. Louis). It es
s understood he will aecept. thi
GnO . GrarT, Gen. Logan, Senator tic
Conkilag mpd es-Senator Simon Cameron a
attended the reat Republican demonstra*- P
tlion at Warren, O.,on the eth,. Den. Grant
presided at the main meeting and read an Ils
address equal in length to about one-half sei
eluma of smal aewspapr type. Addres
e wmere also by Senators Conkling and 0a
Logan, after which all of these gentlemen we
ald some other preuseded by speeal train
to Mentor toae apos Gon. Ga4reld, where TI
they spe about hair an hear. Le
Tai New York Democratic State Con- ab
vmetl was hel a Saratoga en the s8th, 'P
the tweo faetio hemein tag throuhoout ia
IN he preseedags. The only andidate to P
be Nselasd wam (hief JastIe of the Court
of Appeals, for whAa Charles A. Rapallo
was ehees.
Tan Greenbaekers of the Second ni
Illnois Distrie (Chieago) hbave nominated
Chade 9. Dixon for Congress. t
Ta National Irh epublican Con- ft
atlen w held at Sratoga el the s7th. is
asolutimas were adopted ndorsting the Rle th
pbM Naio plafo tlr and the esadi* .o
des fee resident ad ies-Presidet. pe
mmaUm AND Iea.
Gus. Roaslrs of Tesas, and some
ether paemla nrseM t of ih Statea hve o
emaprtleSgtiUas wih the owners of I
IotIestm nt nthe ma mmoteh lP ed
etwsa Ghbslea ad a le adeatoua at
kew Orll Therenuel will triet te -
mn5It ir 1as, an tae beas otn. g
Alagen t Ihavehama defer the eep
ion mdamslm oethelumtlbna a ad tih
ImpWainaufrvin Shin esuatry, mosy
oerne do seesh &l iagst b5wdZoat
t*eel un esnabe. ItUl is now almost
a"iebw empnearwads ianulwhun it -
-lhash omnmi e at Falln .I
SItll lm te seed a r eelm i
5bimn, ar e resmmes w ded a garal Is
agigu epmlehq. eei t
W * l ~ a dispatchk says: The
a w wk en hteewble - began C
r leip II rve Iher wne * a
was repoest thatSh ,
s iteler, had been de.
ll II
~IITQinii .
stAIheea asoiasnsaa aue aly
agwr n a a ftM trali a the V dals p
AgadlPl swbnl a about ine mies
of b 21 - the death of twom ea,
- b e ,ee, que ser
!rum... Guarm, editoci e the
Ae urba shit* veded by lar ,
cuse o th e ann T
maN iglseiaw is
S~b7 h
alighted to open a gate near
her house she was seised by
a negro and subjected to the
most horrible treatment. The culprit was
tracked and captured by the neighbors, and
hanged to a tree. He was employed on the
Winn place.
Ax e~pursion train from Sacramento t
ran of the track at the Oakland bridge,
ditehing the locomotive and tender and
drowning the engineer.
Two Chicago children, aged three
and five years, have died from eating the
seeds of a weed known as thorn-apple, or
limson-weed.
MISCELLAINEOUS.
TiEl Chairman of the Ute Commis
sion telegraphs the Secretary of the Interior
that more than three-fourths of the male I
adults of the Ute bands have signed the
treaty. As the law requires the signatures
of only three-quarters, the Secretary will in
struct the Commissioners in regard to the
r execution of the treaty.
. A vUasL which has just arrived at
San Franciselco from the Arctic seas reports
that nothing has been heard of the exploring
r steamerJeannette. Old whalers believe she
has been lost.
Axonaza Irish landlord, Lord
Mountmorris, has been murdered, and one a
of his tenant farmers, named Sweeny, has
been arrested for having a hand la the com
mission of the crime. Sweeny had recently
received notice to quit. Just previous to
his death Lord Mounttnorris attended a
meeting of magistrates, whichpassed a res
olution calling on the Government to adopt
Scoerclve measures toward Ireland. The
affair has created great excitement, and it is
believed the Government will adopt more
e stringent measures.
A LAW just passed and gone into ef
t feet in the Chickasaw Nation imposes a fine
of not less than F00 nor more than $2,000 1
upon every native for every white man em- I
ployed by him in taking care of and assist
I ilg in raising stock, with imprisonment of
not less than one nor more than twelve
months additional, at the option of the
B Court. An act has also been passed estab
lishing the price of a license to marry a na
t tive at fifty dollars.
a IT has recently been developed that
; some time ago a package of .16,000 worth of
bonds was abstracted from a desk in the
Chief Clerk's room, Second Auditor's De
partment, Washington. An investigation
satisfied the Secretary of the Treasury that
the bonds were appropriated by Chief Clerk
Herring, now dead.
e As near as can be estimated, the
number of lives lost during the fiscal year of
1880, from different classes of accidents to
which steamboats are subjected, will not ex
ceed 185, against 177 In 1879.
THr Porte refuses to order the evaoua
I tlon of Dulcigno and defies the Allied pow.
t ers. The condition precedent 'to any fur
ther negotiation isthat the naval demonstra
r tion be abandoned. This has been refused,
a and as soon as Montenegro completes its pre
- paration the battle will be opened.
t Tia Howgate expedition to the Po
a ar seas has been abandoned for the present
is eason.
- POLITICAL agitation Is rife in the
1 Seandinavan peninsula. The Norwegians
a want a republie.
a A coamsrouanT of the London
e lbW. at Dublin says: " The murder of
Lord Mountmorri has excited feelings of
. alarm little short of a panic among the te
, spectable classes. Party differences are for
a the time discarded in the presenee of a
a epmmon and imminent danger. The
r scene of the last murder Is in a dis
lo trie whieh is the very center of the
land agitation, and is the result of commua.
Sistle conspiracy of the worst type. The
d country is fast drifting intoanarchy. The arm
of anthority seems paralyzed, and the exec
utiveutterlJy helpless. Although at present
i the panie is felt moat keenly by land owners, it
* is shalred by the employers of labor, who see
[ the growth of a refractory spirit among the
s subordinate class. Peaceable and well-dis.
posed people are now alarmed and anxious.
ly look for some action on the part of the
Government."
IS Pa nnK 81 ow, a former land agent
o* i the Burlhgton and Missouri Railroad,
Ifhas .bee arrestd recently at Omaha,
Ip hagetd with bhaing defrauded large num
t bars peple in i Mleblgan and in other
* tetae by ulliugtheam worthless land eerti
* atles. It Is said ei has realised many
P theasda of dollars by bhtsswindles.
A urP at Fort Dodge, Iowa destroyed
SthePlest lationailBank and adjacent build
tags valued st $10,000 and insured ir $55,.
i00
5 WWIWUSD TELIBAMNI.
- I Ta Alabama Democratic State Com
i mittee bas iassued an ddress heartflly iador.
lag en,.aneock's reent letter In refer.
ene to Southern cala, pledginag the party
ti ia that State to acept asu dnal the rasults of
ci the war, and guarnteeg a free sau d fair
exersie of the ftureahise, ete.
e Th New Hampshire Greenback
SConvestlosa naominatld full Sta and Elec
K- teal tikets sad the delegates pledged
k themuve to support the Natioal Oreen
hk tieket straight.
AT siehlmond, Va., on the 58th, as
the elephant known a Chief, belonalln g to
John Roblason's ireas, was being removed
Stfrom a freight easr, the nimal became en
Srged at his kepe, Johnlng,and erushed
him agilast a ear, emusoinsg tlnuries from
wdish he died within a few hours.
TeD Uniteld State Ciralt Court, at
Louievills, hai granted an lanjuntion re
stranlang the postal uthorities from en
forncig the Department's order prohibiting
Sthe delivery of letters to a looal lottery com
in pony.
0. L. Bnrt, a sewlng.maebineagent
at Wasaw, Ind., won the bhert of the hand
Ssome daughter of Morse Chapli, a wealthy
farmer livien near that town, and Induced
her to forge aehelek e her fatbherin hisfavor
for 00. The money was secured be
ftre the faud was dseovered, .ad
beth parties were arrested and
a pied in Jill. Smit was baled out,
Sbut the atheb rsfuhi l to give ball for his
Sdaughte, feerig she would elope with
SSmith. The folwle g day Slmith called at
the Jald ad was allowed to walk
- with MIs Chaplin in the beak yard.
SThej had at been them long when four
' Pistet shltswcrha daad wihe the) Jailer's
d family reabed the yard the dead bodies of
-t R Chaplin and Smith were discovered
im sideb by side, the smonklg revolver still
a belng in Smith's hand. Smith had a nwife
llb ad twsoedMln and was trylgr to gets
a |tasm.ltI heI Owlag4ent the gas:
II.inrrstterm wiybsasgsdeduple et
Oslms, dentlmdlamqes
, te Pair, stsbg at
* The next moleir beth
ta1)a l e , Is
1~-hW.. m
bit~ ":ba B+k
rA BIrave Fireanit Resneas Two Nelt.at
the l;ik of hIls Life.
T Tu li(.in'ty of Iearlmrn and South Water I
ttre.:ts during the early hours of last evening c
was the Scene of an exciting struggle between f
life and death, and the heroic members of t
Engine (ompany No. 13 can with pride point f
to their work last night, whereby a father and
son were rescued from a horrible death by
sutoe ati n. The feeling in the large crowd
which had gathered was intense while the
struL.gle was uncertain, and when success I
canmlt the feeling burst forth Into "three B
Scheers for the brave firemen." t
, At the foot of Dearborn street, between
Souh Water street and the river, is a shaft
about sixty feet deep, where the gas-main is
c:rried under the river. It was the duty of
AliexzanI:" (; .w, an old man employed by the
(Gas C'oi:,.iy, to descend this shaft every
r second day and pump the water from the
B main. Yesterday about four o'chlok he
e went d)wn into the dark shaft as usual,
but did not wait long enough for the
accumulated gas to escape. While engaged
at work he was overcome by the gas
and fell half suffocated on the bottom.
It was fully 7:~0 before his absence was
t noticed, and then the alarm was sent to the
a house of No. 13 near by. The firemen turned
out with long ropes and lanterns. The condli
tion of the shaft was easily seen by the lan
S tern which went out when abut thirty feet
down. Meanwhile a son of the old man, James
William Gow, a young man of nineteen, had
e arrived at the shaft. A rope was tied around
8 his body, and, with a foreman named Shay,
h. be was lowered into the shaft. When the two
were about twenty feet front the bottom a
piercing cry was heard, and on pulling up, it I
was found that the boy had fallen from the I
a rope, and that shay was overcome with the gas.
i By this time alarge crowd had gathered, and
It intense excitement prevailed.
*e A daughter and two more sons had arrived
Is and were nearly erazy with grief. Meanwhile
e the suffocating groans of the father and son
•could be heard fromt the shaft. No light could
live ln the shaft, and the men were too weak- i
ened to grasp the ropes let down into the aw I
e ful darkness. It seemed as if they must per- I
0 lab, with hundreds of willing hands above to
help them, but not knowing how. The shaft
on the other side of the river was opened, and
this created a slight current of air. The' l:an
terns went down a little further, but the groans
were almost dying out. Another son atttempt
ed to reueau his father and brother, but he,
too, was brought up stitled.
Finally some one had a good idea. A calcium i
light was procured from the Olympic Theater ]
and its strong light was directed down the
shaft. Then the crowd could see the father
lying on his face, and his son with his face
turned upward-both apparently dead. Mak
nlg another test with the lanterns developed
n the fact that the shaft was beiugcletred o the
1 deadly escaping gas. Then was the time for I
k volunteers. There was a short silence, and
then Lieutenant Thomas l'umphry, of Comn
e pany No. 13, said: "I'll go." A rope was
fastened about him, and, putting a silk hand
kerchief itn his mouth, be rapidly descended
0 the ladder leading down the shaft. His mo
tions were watched eagerly. He fastened the
tope about the boy. The crowd pulled eager
. ly, and the unconscious boy was brought to
the upper world. Then the hero Pumphry I
made another trip and similarly brought up
the father. The son was easily brought to,
- and was found to have sustained but few in
1, Juries, comparatively. The case of the father
- was more dillicult. He had been four hoursin
the shaft and was absolutely tilled with gas.
. For a long time it was a struggle between life
and death. The firemen chafed his hands,
t slapped his hare feet, and partially restored
hint with cold water. Dr. Arndt finally atr
0 rived, and succeeded in reviving hint sulli
is Aiently to allow of the removal of the two to
their home, No. 11 Kinzie street.
* Engine Coompany No. 13 has a hero.-Chicagy
f trIibuna.
A Fatal Laudslip.
Is the northern part of Bengal Is a cool aad
a sequestered resort called Naina Tal. It is
le perched up among the hills and has long been
a special refuge during the stifling heats of the
Hindostan summer for Englishmen of both
'e the etvil and military service. Many such
1- residents have been wont to fy with their
he families on the approach of the parching
m weather of the extrem3 season and to lhnd an
. asylum in the moist shades of Nailna Tal. A
et onsiderable mountain stream passes the spot
Ot n its course toward the plains, and n beauti
ful lake tempers the atmosphere hard by.
At Nains Tal some of the most romantic epi
se modes of Indian life have had their beginning
* and their end, and more than one novelist has
I- chosen the place as a scene for ploturesque
is incident and description. Such are some of
the associations of Naina Tal's past; but that
it its history will be embellished by similar pa
ages in the future is scarcely probable. The
b, village, as we Just learn bytelegraph, hasbeen
a, absolutely overwhelmed; and it is even likely,
.- If fears now expressed are confirmed, that
r Nalna Tal will be obliterated from the face of
Sthe earth.
The fate that has come upon this remote
B engal settlement, while a rare one, is by no
means without precedent. A memorable oc
ample has been known in this country, and
l the atune of Francania suggests its sad par
- ticulars. There is some likeness between the
two eases. But instead of lying at the foot of
one or two mnountaltins Naina TaIl was st'
rour.,l by them. It might be described as
lyiug in a cup or basin; and was liable from Its
, topbgritaphical pwsition to sudden inundation.
Itrasdue, no doubt, to a great rusheo
Swater that Naiuta Tal was destroyed. But the
* flood wa; only the indirect cause of destrue
ty tion. it appears that rain began failling heavi
ofly there, as we read the dispatches, ont last
fr riday morning, and that it contttnued to de
seccli in prodligioue torrents until Saturday
afternoon. The gtuge by that time showed a
rulnfall of twenty-ilve inches in forty hours.
0' The tlghbor:n- lake sawelli to a threatening
sd height. The river had become a cataract.
8 Soon after twelve o'clock "there was a sullen
roar ana rumbling, followed by vast clouds of
dust, and the whole plaee shook. The lake
U rose in a mtment far above its usual height
to and swept in a miasive wavetoward the river,
ed when an enormous mass of land came dowu,
g. burying the hotel and the band of reseners."
ed it appet:s that seoae of the visitors at the he
Stel had taken alarm in season and led. Later
on, when the rest were In imminent danger, a
plarty was organized to save them; and thoese
at were the "rescuers" who, with the remaning
. guests, were thus smothered by the avye
. lanche. Some thirty in tivesmand an unknown
nuamber of visitors were included among the
victims: andlby the last adviees the hood had
ntot sol, idled but was devastating the whole
sur'ounalingt country.
It The tmist terrible feature about this disaster
d- ha app:t:e.ttly lain in its unexpectedness. In
by parts of Italian Switzerland, In the high val
ed leys e'of the Rhone, or atbspots like the site of
Briel, in Va*lais, where avalanches of snow
have already occurred, It may be said that a
" danger sin ual Is lways lying, nal people know
Swhat they have to look for. At any paint 17
ud i; bhelow and near to a possible glacial frae
lt, ture sulch a chance of catastropho is ever im
is pen ling, and those who encaunter it do so at
th their own cholceand peril. Where, however,
at no such evil has heretofore been known its
Scoming is more awful, in the degree that it is
Sunlooked for, and that its victims are totally
untprepared either for flight or for any other
ur eans of protection.
' Inthcsof NnTa the ase of Nan Ta t fatal mischief
of bas obviou ly at the first thought beern' lm
ad putcd to a cataclysm aerely; but it may be
Ij stuspecteal that the tremendous rush of earth
go that Imried the village was partlyof a volcanie
a origin like the many minfoor earthlquakes whice
during the current year have been experienced
at so many points of the ghobe In both its
western and emastern hemisphger.-N. r,
ti listatng Ibest.
at Dua HarTINs, of BdAton, in ea k*
, riemarked that oii °aoMtegatiom :
r, Sop1eto do thei' *ug. ; ',,Wha,":
, r tm ,i, . "woomasohao Ir -
TPT ichu.. agvicleu raIlu does. h.
hal up a a rench twist beomuse heI
k 4 toh a e his es combur the
ig O~xm uu ant a cruls beter
miM P t a ddyIen
Florsa edoeas.
Most readers are familiar with the
story of Flora Macdonald's heroic rescue aI
of Prince Charles Edward, but there are soi
few who associate her with our Revolu
tionary War. The following extract is to
from Amelia E. Barr's interesting arti- at
cle entitled "A Romance of the Hebri in
des," in Harper's .Magazine: the
On her return to Skye she was mar- ne
ried to young Macdonald of Kingsburgh,
and on the death of his father became pr
the lady of Kingsburl~h. But the estate f
was greatly impoverished by war, fines mi
and unstinted hospitality, and when all idi
hopes of the Stuarts' return had been wn
abandoned, Flora and her husband re
solved to emigrate to the Carolinas. It be
was at this time they had a visit from ,r
Dr. Johnson, and it was very amusing
to find Flora writing to a friend two
weeks before it, saying, "1 am expect- he
ing from the mainland Mr. Boswell, and on
one Mr. Johnson, a gay young English he
buck, with him." ch
The Macdonalds settled near Halifax, th
in North Carolina, and seem to have
been regarded as the head of a large
Scotch emiration scattered around that
vicinity. l5nfortunately the Revolution- wi
ary War broke out before they had be- s.
come attached to their new home, and c
Macdonald, who had given his alle- s
giance to the house of Hanover when de
Charles's cause became dead and hope- l
less, transferred with it the rigid loyalty "w
that had been so marked a character- th
istic of his race. A soldier of a long
line of soldiers, and an intense partisan
of loyalty, he was quite unable to sym
pathize with republican ideas, or to see t
any reason in popular rights. co
lie raised first the royal or Tory th
standard in the Carolinas, and, it is of
said, was urged into active warfare by at
his wife. A regiment of Highlanders, pc
known as the Eighty-fourth, was at
formed, Flora's husband being its Wi
Colonel, and her eldest son, a lad of six- IP
teen, one of its Captains. The first wI
light between it and the colonists took sti
place at Moore's Creek, February 27, s
1776. Early at daybreak the shrill at
notes of the bagpipes called the High- to
lantimen to battle, but Macdonald was in
seriously ill, and hadl to depute the com- TI
mand to Macleod and Campbell. Both WI
were kille. .t the very first onset, and b3
the battle-which was the initial one of
the Revolution in North Carolina-was p1
r a brilliant victory for the colonists under m
G Cenerals Moore and Caswell. oi
After the battle of Moore's Creek, in
Flora's husband remained some time a 1k
prisoner in Halifax Jail, and on his re- he
lease served with his regiment in Cana- at
da. During these years Flora endured in
many hardships, and at the close of bl
the war General Macdonald retired on or
half-pay, and they returned to their pt
P home in the barren, cloudy mountains of
of Skye. lii
Their homeward journey was not un- at
Seventful. They were attacked by a w
French privateer, and a severe conflict w
took place. Flora remained on deck fe
during the whole battle, succoring and
stimulating the sailors by her heroic
speeches and behavior. Her foot slip
- ped in the blood which covered the
s deck, and she fell and broke her arm; di
but not even this calamity induced her hi
to leave the scene until.satisfied.that her th
services were no longer needed. in
She rejoiced greatly to be once again in
in the wild desolate freedom of the B
1 Hebrides, and she never more left them. ti
As a wife she had shared all her hus- tr
band's dangers and labors; as a mother w
she strove with a passionate earnestness bi
to make her five sons worthy of their ni
illustrious name. Every one of them fr
Sbecame soldiers. Charles, the eldest, al
Swas a Captain in the Queen's Rangers. tr
"a There lies the most finshed gentle- qi
' man of my family and name,j said di
-Lord Macdonald, when he saw him t
lowered into the grave. Alexander, tl
also ia oilcer, was lost at sea. The a
Sthird son, Ranald, famous for his hand. st
some person and elegant manners, had ti
a professional character equal to his it
personal one, and was a Captain of ma- it
- rines; James was an officer in the Brit- h
0ish Legion; and John, the youngest, 8
rose to the rank of Lieutenant-colonel. I
Flota retained to the last her beauty, fi
Shervivacity,and her spirit. She diedl n
on the 6th of March, 1700, at the age of p
seven years. Her wlindingsheet was i
actai one of those in which Prince F
:- Charles had slept % Kingsburghl.
A Pretty StMl.
r In Naples the papers tell avery pretty i
S.toryof theQueenofItaly. It appears F
a that asshewasdrivingtotheroa wood i
s of Lincalo the coachman mistook the
Sroad, and one of the gentlemen asked a
Scountryman the way. The man, seeing
the fine carriage and horses, and the
servants' livery, and all gay company,
Sthought he was being fooled. ,"As if
, you did not know!" he said, with a bi
Sgrin. The Queen rghed, and asmu d
a him that they were lost,. Then only did
* the countryman condescend to point out
r the way, after which he walked off as f
fearing to be laughed at again.
S"Give him twenty frarca for his
trouble," add the Queena to one of her
t escort, who going after the constryman
, said to him: "Here, my man, is a little
, present from the QueenM of Italy, who
thanks you."
"The Queen!" ried the countryman,
Sreturninlg to the carriage. "Forgiveme
that I dil not know thee. But I had
e never seen thee before. Thouen art as
r beautiful as a May rose. God bless
a thee." And the carriage drove off.
o Now the countryman, who had once
id seen the Queen, wanted to see her pretty
o face again, and the following day he
presented himself at the palace.
" know her, von know," he added
a mysterously. 'I spoke to her yester
,g day, and I want to speak to her again."
n Think"ng he had to doawith a mad
a man, the porter was about to have the
Spoor fellow uarrested, when the very
- gentleman who had given him the
twenty franes per and, reogni. r
ing the man, toIdm to wait. He In
formed the Queen of his presence, I
S"Bring him here,by all means," was
Sher answer.
SWhen the man was, for the second
Stime, before the Queen, he said: "Yes,
'tis thou. I thought I had seen a fairy.
o Thonuartjustanangel. I dldnot tell
- thee yesterday that I have two little
' ones without a mother. Wit thbu be
Stheir mother'"
b "That will,"sa mid the Quaa.
S"Thentheree's the twenty francs thou t
Is avest me yesterday. 1 thak thee but
I want no money." And he went away
sryiagad unfin like a child.
lr assith ta bl the two liatle
- I
5 e lab, muLuIhio, endued. muse I
a coal htabidth he hwa able to m ter I
tbw pJbkmthMl with esll~
S CIENCE AND IP~DUST'ET.
SILKS are "weighted" in Europe in
a far larger proportion than cotton-- i
a sometimes up to 400) per cent. ba
TmcnilN.E are by no means confined $9
to pork. Two French soldiers died lai
lately of trichinosis contracted by eat
inggeese. Dr. Glendenning has detected dr
the dangerous parasites in a pike caught am
near Ostend. ge
THE Pullman Palace Car Company or
proposes to do away with the old style t"
of silver or nickel plate for the trim
m mings of its cars and to substitute ore- ra
ide, which will resemble a tire gilt linish, de
wear like gold and not tarnish. th
EXPERIMENTS with a solar engine are gr
being made 4 II. Mouchot in Algeria. pi
With a concave -mirror twelve feet in tic
diameter he concentrates the heat of the be
sun upon a small boiler, within which icl
he obtains a steam pressure of about
one hundred and twenty pounds in an to
hour's time. In the preparation of th
chemicals he makes a practical use of in,
the heat from the boiler. of
THERE are now nine departments of he
the Government devoted in part or 4
wholly to researches in pure and applied ti(
science-the geological survey, the bi
coast and geodetic survey, the naval ob
servatory, the National Museum, the of
department of agriculture, the entomo- sli
logical commission, the tenth census, tii
with its special agencies for the study of d&
the natural resources of the country, the tm
Smithsonian bureau of ethnology and si,
the commission of fish and fisheries. b
THE London Musical World speaks of
the advantage of the use of gold in the d(
construction of musical instruments. Of ci
the four metals distinguished as capable to
s of being hardened to spring temper, h:
and in t~at state possessing more or less w
power of vibration-steel, brass, nickel hi
and gold-none equals gold, if combined p
with copper or silver, for ductility and lil
power of vibration. An experiment
was made in the use of gold wire for the h
strings of the piano with marked re- cr
suits. Not only was the tone consider- tlh
1 ably increased, but its quality was ma- is
terially improved. It has also been used N
in other instruments with equal success. w
The extra expense can hardly be th
weighed against the advantages gained h(
by its use. al
THE Providence (i. I.) Jmlornal
prophesies a brilliant future for the D
milk-weed, whose "seeds yield a tfier ,u
oil than linseed. Its gum can be used w
in place of India-rubbler, and from its of
a floss a fabric resembling Irish poplin ni
has been made,. while the young shoots fr
are used in the spring by some people 'h
d instead of asparagus, which they resem- w
if ble in flavor." It forgets the chief use,
or abuse, to which the milk-weed can be w
r put. The earliest Sanskrit Vedas tell us a
as of the famous soma drink, the water of 1
life, which gave immortality to the gods i
and prophetic power to men, and which N
awas made from the juice of the milk. h
t weed plant, bruised and beaten up and bi
k fermented with grain. n,
3 Electrical sltorms.
TtsE narrow escape which the Cathe
dral of Notre Dame in Paris recently
had from destruction by lightning, and
r the unusual frequency of thunder storms
in various parts of Europe, are attract
n ing attention. During the summer the
e British isles have suffered severely, and
the hail, which often accompanies elec
. trical disturbances, has played sad havoc
r with the kitchen gardens in the neigh
, borhood of London, and with the glass g
r under which the rarer kinds of flowers, h
Sfruits, and vegetables are grown. From
all parts of France come reports of ex
traordinary disturbances, and earth
quakes have been remarkably frequent
Sduring the present year. Unfortunately
Sthe damaes have not been confined to
, the vegetable kfngdom. An electrician
Swho has published a book on electric
. storms and the best method of averting
4 their dangers gives some figures show
ing the loss of life caused by lightning
in-Europe and Russia. During the first
Shalf of the l4st decade 1,4.52 men and
, 818 women were klulled, and 4,092 con.
f. agrations took place. In Prussia,
Sfrom 1869 to 1877, 1,004 deaths by light
lnin occurred. In Austria, during a
perid of eight years, 1,700 lives were
s Ist,and 40,000 fires were cased. The
French have suffered less from the
" bolts from heaven," for in the last ten
years only 880 have been killed by light
ning, of whom 248 were women. The
English returns are incomplete, but it
is estimated that on an average 100
nihmen are killed every yearby
. The almost total nj t of
Sthe use lightningrods in Eng and is
remarkable. This carelessness seems
Sthe more reprehensible when the words
of Fuller, the church historian, are
called to mind. In 1665 he wrote:
I"There was scarce a great abbey in
SEngland which at last was not burned
d down by lightning from Heaven." Yet
at the present time St. Paul's alone, of
all the public edifices in the United
Kingdom, is thoroughly proteeted. Many
of the lofty spires of the cathredals have
no conductors at all, and not one of
Sthem is safe. Several parts of Windsor
Castle, which from its exposed situation
Sis particularly liable to be struck, are
unprovided With lightning-rods.-New
Fork Bun.
--- 1
A Water Telescape.
SAcconoDio to Land and Wafer the
Norwegian fishermen always carry
with them on their expeditions a kind of
telescope called a water telescope. This
is a tube three or four feet long, with an
eye piece atone end. The other end,
which is opon, is placed in the water
over the ed of the boat, and a little
practice easly enables the observer to
diustinguish objects at a depth of from
hten to fifteen fathops. Tle fishermen
Sare thus enabled to discover shoals
Swhich would otherwise 0. unnoticed.
They then give the signal, thei* com.
Srades surround them with seines, and
Sthey frequently make wonderful hauls
' in places and under circumstances that
Swould never have been suspected but
for the use of the telescope. AMr. Frank
Buckland recommends the instrument
to the English and Scotch herring fishers.
le A GERMAn scientist has succeeded in
Sobtaining a chemical composition by
means of which a mirror image maybe
fixed and sold as a photograph. With
this composition the surface of the mir
Sror is painted, sad the back part of the
Smirror receives also a coating of oil.
The rror thus prepared is held be
Sfore the person to be photographed.
SThe oil coasting evapo~rates, and the
likeness of the person ienmains in natural
eolors onthe light surface. The Image
meo flted is broughtinlt h abth,; adis ex
e posed for a half hour in the sunlight be
he fore lis ready for delivery.
l  Iron sad Steel lnstute of Great
SBrifain held its uamnual meeting at Dus
sa uelrf thin year, in acordance to an
s Invimation issued by about thirty of the
SI lain g Oerman Iron works. GOrat dis
.wane tt lt, htowever, because
i Krlpp, the well lknown cannon
:. asaufaotur;rs, refused to allow the .
GENERAL.
n FonTY years ago a woman deposited
- $15 in the Middletown, Vt., savings w
bank, and now eight children receive hi
di $98.96 each asthe product of that well
d laid nest-egg. a
- THE car of Juggernaut was not to
d drawn through the streets this year, on
it account, the natives say, of the negli- th
gence of government otlicials. and the p
y omission defers its next appearance flr th
e twelve years.
- THE mints of France belong to pri- so
v rate corporations, but coin mIlone un
i, der the supervision of the national au- of
thorities. Any one possessing silver or is
e gold can have it coined. The five-franc
piece in silver is the only standard na
a tional silver money, the other pieces di
e being mere bullion for market conven
h lence.
it IN a Deaf Mutes' Convention at Bos.
n ton there was a pantomimic row over
if the charge of their President that solicit
)f ing agents had kept back 40 per cent. 31
of $4,500 collected for the proposed .
f home. The scene was a strange one- s
tr 400 persons earnestly and excitedly g.as. 1
d ticufating at each other without an au, Ii.
e ble word. B
- THE famous dry-goods establishment
ce of the Louvre, Paris, is a heavy loser by
- shoplifters, who conduct their opera
t, tions with such skill as to generally defy ri
f detection. A fortnight ago, however,
oe twenty-six articles were found in posses- hi
d sion of a young woman who proved to tt
be the keeper of a small dry-goods store
>f Ax eccentric Englishman, long a resi.
ie dent of Paris, has just committed sui
Jf cide, after having devoted twenty years
le to a strange mania. Every six months Ce
r, he had a coflin made for himself. Each
ss was too long, too short, or uncomforta. I
el ble in some way, until the last proved S
d perfect. Having no further object in st
d life, he killed himself.
it IN some foreign countries certain iI
te bridges and monuments, if not conse t
e- crated to suiqjde, are largely used for
r- that purpose; and a similar setting apart
1- is evidently sought by some people for
d Niagara Falls. Mr. Knapp, of Eltis,
s. who both shot himself and plunged over L
Ce the Falls, took needless precautions, fot
d he could not have survived the plunge A
alone.
it "As the American," says the Rev.
io David Swing of Chicago, "can out-chow
r and out-spit and out-talk the rest of the
d world, so can he out-swear the residue
ts of humanity. Sittinglbehind two gentle- si
n men for a day, as our train glided along til
Is from St. Paul toward Chicago, the words a
le 'by God' came back to me 700 times, be
i- when bedtime made me quit counting." ai
B, AN old English miser named Rhodes, ce
1e who began making money as a rubbish
is gatherer, and lived and died in squalor, of
A has beqoueathed $300,000 between the nI
is Royal Free Hospital. London, and the tl
I National Lifeboat Institution, leaving
Shis relations penniless. The will stands, e]
ad but the Charities have given the five b
next of kin $5,250.
DALYE-LAMA, the earthly god of tl
Thibet, lately became seriously ill. The a
priest applied to the Emperor for the n
appointment of a new divinity. The n
candidate has to present himself to the tl
dying Dalye-Lama, who transmits to n
himun his divine soul, which has thus been
passed down from the founder of the i
hibet religion, Dzon-Epa. The yearly
income of the deity of Thibet is said to o
C- be over $1,000,000. Ile occupies a pal- t
h- ace, in which are mord than a hundred a
golden idols. a
s A NOVEL election bet is reported as a
"' having been made by Hartford political p
m opponents. The loser is to black boots
at a designated corner for two hours on
Sa given day, the proceds of his work to
ly gao to the orphan asylum. The agree- e
ment also provides that all moneys col- (
to leted shall be given to the asylum; that h
Sno change shall in any ease be given to t
c the party paying for the shine; and that 0
g the one wg does the work shall provide
' himself wit a bottle of dressing with t
Swhich to black ladies' boots.
id The American Girl who Married a
na Mexican General.
Lt A DRscurtifow of the otse In which
a Gen. Ttrevino and his bride are located, i
r and some other matters, may be inter
he esting to your readers. The house is
he elegantly and tastefully furnished, and
en has a spacious courtyard, lined with
t trees, tlowers, and shr~pbbery. All the
h roomis are large an wtell ventilated.
i Stables and carriage-house are attached. 1
SThe hotise fronts south 120 feet, with a
Sdepth of 210 feet. It is one story and
of built on the side of a hill. The servants'
s quarters are entirely separate from the
a main building, and when the front door
ds is locked all is closed. It is so con
* structed that its inhabitants can see I
e: what is going on in any part of it, esape.
in caIly in the servants' quarters.
ed On the evening of the 8th, day of ar- I
et rival, the band of the Second Cavalry I
of and the Twenty-ninth Infantry sere
ed naded the General and lady. The bands
my consolidated for the occasion, and num
ye bered forty-two pieces. The streets 1
of were crowded as longeas the bandst
orplayed.
on On Wednesday a ball was given at
re the Casinoof Monterey in honor of Gen. i
STrevino and lady, at which the wealth I
and beauty of the city were presen.~.
The music for the ball was by a strig
band, and during the interdals between
the thdances the Twenty-ninth Infantry
band played sweetly in the courtyard of
'ry the Casino. Dancing commenced at 10
ofp. m, and continued until 4 a. m., ex
cepting the interval devoted to supper. I
a The health of the bride and groom was
md, drunk, and Senator Francisco Sada de
lar livered a poem dedicated to the bridd.
Dt )on Ignacio Galindo made a very neat I
speech.
mm On Monday, thle lth inst., the cere
mony of civil marriage took place in the
salon of the General's house by Judge
. Melchoa Villareal, with the necessary
m- number of witnesses. Last night a ball
d was agiven at El Teatro del Progre-o, in
bonor of G(;en. Trevino and lad c. by tihe I
t Governol' and the civil iand miNitt'i:i vli
ut nitaries of the State and rI·n l.li. The
kI ball opeued with a uniari:ille, Mirs. ''Tre
nt vino dancing with the Governor, and the
r" i General with Miss lholat Marquin. The
ladies were superlly dressed. The
in theater was handsomely decorated, and
Sthe loor for dancing carpeted. About
b th .KO lighfts, red, green, and white, illu
ithm uiated the theater and suppler rovm.
ir- The carpet, a dark Brussels, was dot
the lted with gold leaf, whi-.h had been
il -prinkled over it. The private boxe;
bo- were filled. The view from the dor
ed. was like peepling into fairyland. I am
he told that the attendance at this ball was.
rl greater than at any ball that has been
ge given in this city for the last eight or
x ten years. In the danza about one hun
Sdred and Afty couples occupied the
floor.
No hats were lost or exchanged. The
et supper and wines were excellent, and
us- plenty for all. As a generous expendi
an ture, a bar was open during the ball,
the free to all, w)ere yoj could, obtain any
is- thingyouw l ifrom champagne down
ae to mescal JAbeut4 a. the mause
LO ceases, lights are put out, and the grand
the ball belongs to the past.--fonter/y ('or.
I, $en Andntonio £qluse.
PITH AND POINT,
i A COMPOSITOR who can not
s with his wife says he must have t
her out of the wrong font.-Puck.
I To check is to stop, except in case of
a traveler's baggage, which is checked
t to make it go.-.\cw Orleans Picay4u.
PanoFPsSOR WINClrEL. says that
there were men before Adam. Let the
e Professor back his opinion by giving u
r their names.--Graphic.
aMour, than 2,000 pupils in the publio
schools of Davenport are studying Ger.
man. l'his is :all right, only we bare
often noticed that public school German
r is distressingly like Connecticut French.
e -llawkeye.
" AND that's where the farmer and I
differ," said Smiley, as he submitted $
number eleven foot to the chiropodit;
"he contemplates his broad acres with
Spleasure, while I contemplate mine..
and swear."--Booton Transcript.
t "CIIARITy begins at home," said
Mrs. Crouse, whea she bought a pair of
silk stockings for her oldest daughter,
and reproved the servant for giving stale
, bread to the woman at the area door...
Boston Globe.
i TnE Smith family at Peapack. N. j
had their annual reunion Wednesday.
We congratulate them. l)ynasties may
rise and fall; parties may come and go;
but the Smith famuily shall not fail till
humanity passes from the planet to re.
turn no more.--Boston Post.
AMONG the effects of a New Yorker
who committed suicide were 114 scarf.
pins. It is suspected that he took his
life because he didn't own 115. Abase,
craving desire for searf-pins will wreck
i young man's character and destroy
his mental equilibrium sooner or later.
, Shun the scarf-pin as you would a poi.
sonous viper.-Norristolw Hlrald.
" Ou, pshaw!" petulantly exclaimed
n Miss Lydia Languish, looking up from
the last new novel, in response to anm.
mons from her mother to come and as
sist in ptreparing dinner. " Oh, pshawl
I am just where Edward de Courcey
Montalbert is about to propose to the
i Lady Ethelinda Adele St. Claire, and I
wish dinners had never been invented!"
And the look of supreme disgust that
flashed from her eyes showed that she
meant it.
FOREIGt GfOSlP.
e LoenoN society will act unitedly to
snub professional beauties. It is a beau.
tiful light as it stands, in which the ugly
s and worthy will have a chance. The
b beauties will not be invited to parties,
" and in that case the young men will not
i, care to go.
I AccoDINso to London Truth the life
7, of the Prince of Wales is insured by a
e number of speculative persons, as are
e the lives of many other prominent per.
g sonages. Large sums were paid by ser
eral oilices after the death of 'rinde Al
be bert.
DRUxKENNESS is said to be reatly on
>f the increase in London. Ten years
to ago the persons arrested for drunken.
to ness or for being drunk and disorderly
to numbered 21,62b, whereas last year
te they had Increased to 33,892, or by
o nearly fifty-seven per cent.
in IT is understood that when the Ein.
0e press Eugenie goes to her future home
ly m Switzerland this autumn the remains
to of her husband and son will be removed
1- to the oratory attached to the chateau.
td All the furniture of her English hoot
not taken with her will he distribsted
I. among friends, nothing beinr allowed to
Spass under the hammer of the auction.
t eer.
n IT now appears that the resignation
o of the Grand Duke Nicholas from the
- command of the Russitan Imperial
1- Guard was a compulsory process, he
at having gone into a scheme by which
to the Czar was chared £20,oo000 ($100,.
at 000) extra by the builders of the livadia
e steam yacht, which aipount was give
th tothe Grand Duke.
ON the occasion of his marrirge the
Crown Prince of Austria will receive
a from the aristocracy of Vienna a pres
ent of a magnificent album, each leaf of
w!h isb will conatain drawings and warte-,
color copies of the most celebrated and
Sbest known paintings. About $76,000
" have been subscribed toward the paFr.
ed chase of this present,
th A LATE Berlin journal publishes aII4
b of the women filling the function of di
d plomatists under the Government of
d Russia. Of these there are Ministers
SPlenipotentiary at Berlin, two at Rome
id and two at Vienna. There are sevesr
s other Russian women, members of the
be Imperial family, cireculating in the
or minor courts of Germany charged with
n. diplomatic functions of a nature moreor
less delicate.
SMu. ASHMEAD BARTLETT and hi
aflfianced wife, Lady Burdett-Coutts, U
seen riding together, caused Olive l.
gan to write to the Philadelphia Timu
as follows: "What a contrast! He r
d fresh, blooming youth of eiglt.ald
Stwenty, erect, gay, the full sap of life
t bounding freely through his veinl, t
d tested by his sparkling eye~i lh'pn
cheek, his ruby lip; she, r.iveled !"
at to decrepitude, dressed sensibly, as
n fits her age, in a black poke bonnet,
Sside whose somber lack of style the
headgear of some Quakeresses is 5
and extravagant in form and color; i
n shoulders wrapped in a dark wools
shawl."
Ch icago as a Grala Market.
x- WHo has not read almost daily "all
3r. sions in the papers to the great arrivals
'as there, and shipments thence of thi
l- staplle? of a "blockade " or a Eicorner
Id. In itP of a rise or fall in the price? of
at fortunes made or lost? Yet the busne
shows no very marked - outwartd ad
'- vislS signs "" of its importance tothe
he transient visitor. It is in concentrate
g and compact shape, and managed with
rv admirable system and skill. In the yesr
all 1879 there were brought into the city,
in of flour, 3,370,000 barrels; of wheat,
lie corn, oats, rye, and barley, 122,533,
i- bushels. And it is curio,, to eoarnemts
he all came by rail except 3:0,000 l)5eis o
c- flour and 339,000 ibushels of grain b.
ie lake, and 42,000 b;arrels of dlour Cnied
he 479,000 bushels of grain by thec CD
he thus showing what the iron roads ha
nd done for the city. In WTiscoin, 1a,
mt Minnesota, Nebraska, and 1)ats~o oi
lu- Illinois and Misouri, and in that .,In.
giant of a State, Kansas; away up
ot the ed River \Valley, and aw o.,
Ci the Santa Fe trail, beyond theufreds
es meridian; on the fertile prairie l
ori which lie east of the Mississippi, S
m new ones in the heart of what .we
as. to call the Great American l)eS lit
on farmers toiled to raise this ar,i p(t.
or On all the iron roads the relg u'nd
in- were made up through long o1
he be concentrated on the lines -,it.
to Chicago, and to depositmuchdfha
he carryings within her ixlers. (i~de
nd ter are somewhat curiouly gsdl
di. The Chicago and Northwester
ll, road, for instance, which brem~lt,
3y 1879, 1,300,000 barrels of fori', o .
In only 7,000,000 bushels of $'
sie the Chicago, Burlin orrn s of flour,
nd egitered only 4i1,000 ao . A.
Hayes, Jr.,is Harper'" agrzine.