OF' I('IAL,
Paper ofthe Parish aon lity or ateliitorhes
JAS'. Hi. (,)SI:OYE, . * Editor.
SATIRDAY, - - - JAN.
Apply the K'life.
Our fiienl of the New Orleans
--emoecral, generally very correct and
nevetr wrongl ftiro the heart, deals in
strange expressions at times. We at
truist he will not frown at our pre- m
stimption ih calling Ihis attention to
swhat we consider a very grave and 'r
radical error in his philosophy. In a
late number 12trh Dec., we think) he
5nys in sabstance-that corruption in
government is a creature of slow
groW.tl, "and the reform of those cor
ruptions, in consequence, takes mtuch rn
time as well as labor." Irt
\'o must emphatieally differ with f
our learned contemporary in his ihy- '
pothlesis. Evils, which are plain to the
knowledge and sight; evils, whose
effect is apparenlt every moment, will ai
not admit of delay in their eradica- c
tion. The cancer in the human body, ri
slowly eating its sure way to the vi- P
tals, will not be checked by poultices
-the knife is the remedy. So with
government. Those corruptions and t
excesses, such as exist with us and 9
effect our material well being to the C
extent of prostrating our resources- 1'
rendering ius incapable of exertion,
call for ra'?ical remedies. They are a
apparent to sight and knowledge.
The mearest tyro in politics discerns V
tihe cause, and self interest only de. f
ters him from calling for the Surgeon's i
knife.
The corruption fostered and sus
tained by the legislation of the last
decade in this State lies too deep to a
be cured by any remedy less than
some great convulsion. The drunk
arJ in vain essays to "talper off'-he I
feeds the craven appetite with that (
food which has prostituted him, know- r
ing that he is but sinking to his grave %
with every drop imbibed, while he is a
equally certain that by an effort of
will-by stopping at once, life, vig- .
or and health will result. So with
human government. Junius tells us
that, "to depart in the minutest ar- t
ticle, from the nicity and strictness i
of punctilio, is as dangerous to Na- I
tional honor as to female virtue." e
And would it not be an impossilility I
to nsuppose that we could indulge in
excesses to a reasonable extent and
then claim virtue thereby because we
couhk have done worse. The propo
sition is saved from a charge of idiot
cy simply because of its rediculous
ness; for it is demanded that the
State should be released from the
dangers of the past-should be re
turned to the "nicest punctilio" ATr
ONCE!
This same question of "slow re
form" was agitated by the Democrats
of New York, upon Mr. Tilden's as
suming the office of Governor of that
great State. Some contending that
reform was a creature of slow growth,
while the great ref-rm Governor used
that immortal expression-"naught
can save us, but the knife!" New
York never was, in thire worst days of
its ring rule, subnhjected to the tortures
of corruption now feeding, like the
vultures of Promethens, upon the vi
tals of our State. The complaint is
universal, that the effect of had gov
etnilient still exists--ligh salaried
officials and enhjects in rags--ujust
and unequal taxation-revenues ex
tracted by an nsurous taxation upon
thie lands of the citizen, while capital
in monies, bonds, and stocks, pay
not a tithe-a cumbersome and costly
judiciary system which is powerless
to effect its purpose, enve at enor
mous expense-a debt heaped upon
as by the Radical ilnnderers which
should not, nor will not, be paid with
out a strict inquiry how it was incur
red. All these are ailments of the
body politic which demand, not the
slow process 'our worthy contempora
ry would have as invoke, but tihe
swift and .sure application of the
knife.
Louisiana suffered in the pastfrom
the disorder, now she suffers from
the physician ; it is now the hand of
our gpverntment alone that can nake
as despetatt,
Is thls a time to deal in theoties;
to put to practice impossible Ideas;
to talk of the "rights of the negro,"
of "quieting his mind," of gush, and
of sentiment? Our administration as
doing this. As the learned physician,
whor stands knife in hand, and diserts
open subjects that have no bearing
upen political philosophy, while he
aelays relief to the patient who
writhes with torture in every linea
ament of his body- so does this body
of legislatnras-tkhis administration,
which we had fondly built our hopes
spon.
We ask our friend to cry out with
tas 1 time. To call upon this legis.
lature tno assembled, to do that
which ftr os Is the knife to the can
eer. To eatl a Coastitutional ropaea
tion at one, rmd aieo r!s In that
lies the remedy. It is demanded
alike by patriotism) by the mute
eloquence at thousands ot poverty
striokea white men, who, this year
ielited, and frt the last time, their
last dollar ilta patriotlfo effort to sos
lain a goverament of iheir choice,
heaesn that gOverwent is nnet a
solemn pIromis to cuire the evils at
once, Of whiich they complain. If Ll.by
fail us-if they lea;ve timec to dire the
cvil-whait. Vain hojies hmave we in
dtulgedl in ? Andl should they ! those
ta enmat in silent w hen they shounld
ha;uve spokenl, will be elufthly to blameL
withu those imnplacable dreamnlAr' it has
been onr mnisfortunn ro elect to high
office.
Nothing Permanent. t
The year 1877, has passed without it
adding a sigle improvemlent of per
man'vcy to this city. It is true, that b
allowance must be made for the gene- i
r:l poverty of the people, but much ti
of the wantt of enterpri.s is clharge- "
able to an inertness on the part of the h
ity ofllicials, and a pandering to the n
"old ways" of the people. We look c
in vain for a new maik of improve- s
ment in the tenements of the city--a h
new residence-new stole house or t,
public buihling. Every thing stands h
as it stood tour years ago, only more II
decayed and dilapidated. v
Surely there is a cause for all this, g
and the young thinker of our Stfte a
can have ample food for philosophic C
reflection, even at his owr. d(oors. The c
principles which, when properly cul
tivated aln adhered to, lead to the s
development of great States underlie a
the smallest structure. That which ,
gives prosperity to a nation isRlnt the
cuhlui:atlion of the small streams of a
political economy from local efforts f
into nrC, mighty avunlacho of success,
and a study of the causes which lead
to the wealth, happiness, and pros
Sperlty of a great country, ale found
fastened in the efforts of small com
nuniniiies to better their conditions.
Ilow is it with us of Natchitoches? I
Is the start which strikes the eye
in our quiet city susceptible of an
Soutcome of any greatness?
We think not !
It is true that a disproportioned i
e load of taxation burdens down our I
,t efforts in a manner, or rather deters i
ns from making an effort, still, even
e with this, we should be capable of I
s some improvement.
,f The VINDICATOR urged a fact upon
our citizens immediately upon the I
1 installation of the Nicholls' Govern
s ment, which was; that the mere ques
tion of a Democratic government
8 being in power in the State did not
bring prosperity-that it was only a
mens, which the people should not
r be slow to use, to advance their own
n material interests-that unless the
citizens interested in the permanent
we iell-fare of the State went to work
themselves, unselfishly, and with in
dustry, to revive the prostrate re
sources of the country, all the State
e governments ever invented could
e not, nor would not, help them.
Time has fully shown the wisdom
T of our advice, and the present con
dition of the parish and city is but
' the result of paying no heed to it.
The wants of this place are many
. and apparent. System is entirely
it lacking in every effort made, and
ithe short spurts of improvement
1 shown are but the result of individu
Sal effort, unaided-aye, resisted by
tthe mass of the people. Truly, a
Wdog in-the-mangerish idea has got
possession of us, for we all seem de
Steimined to allow no one to do any
' thing that does not instaftlU benefit
us all in a pecuniary way.
The Utopian dream of living and
d doing as was done before the war
surely does not linger in the mind of
Sany thinking man. Let such thoughts
be dismissed at once, and let us do
something by united efforts to develop
Sby art those resources nature has
with so lavish a hand showered down
iupon ni.
Pitt Kellogg has at last been recog
nized. State Secretary Strong puts
him down as "Senator from Louis
inna" in his report. The Democrat's
article, which struck the patriotic
cord of every man here, seems not
to have found response in the cold
bosom of the State House.
To our mind the Inited States
Senate is one thing and they are res
ponsible for their own action, while
the State of Louisiana is another. If
Kellogg is to be repudiated on the
hustings and warmed in the parlor,
as is usual in this State, it would be
as well to know it now as to learn it
hereafter. The Senate might seat a
stranger in name and purpose, as
it bas doue Kellogg, but that is
no reason why we should take its
action as binding on us.
My Kingdom for an Adam.
A correspondent of the New Or
leans Picayune insists on all young
men being seat to the rear and only
"old men" be allowed to rule. Young
men for war! yells this fogy. We
nominate for office on this plati-
Duncan F. Kenner, Mad. Wells, Judge
Beatty, Judge Hunt, Gen. Hebert,
Geo. Williamson, Tom Anderson and
a host of other "gray-haired wise
acres" who would make "clear cut"
rulers-it the people would stand it
long enough to make the trial a suc
cess.
Estry man in Louislwna is on the
tip-toe of expectation and anxiety
regarding the ero~ition of greatness
which wjl break forth in the St. Lou
i lotel, (cNew Orleains) aboaut now
Hiomle Blreaa
Man is not a prophet in his own
countt'y-that is, he is given credit ti
for more brains, for greater enter- a
prise, and for a largtr aniount of vir- t<
tue, by strangers to his birth and a
nurroundinlg et:aly history, than by ti
those among lihoml lie was reared. ti
We think a rallienl interpletation i:
and llr'tIclce of the axithl hnirdly ti
fair-although we ael seinsible of the
danger to a change of egotismr whtin vI
its refiitation is attemplted. y
Let a young m-o -with a good i'
basis of sound healthy brain, a fair ii
education, and a thorough reading of 8
I those classic standards in literature, t
which we heairdl one of our abllest and r
best imen declare were all that were
necessary to give a man a good edu- r
cation, the Bible, Shliakespear, Byron,
Scott's lind D)ickens' Novei'ls, MaCaul
ley's Essays, and Juniulls' letters, at
r tempt to assert by 'insiinuatlion' even,
s his standing above the "commonol t
herd," and thlose amonnlg whom hlie
was "bi'oulght uip" relax into ;l "broad I
grin" of incredulity, or curl their lips
e at his pre.sumption. But let a stll- n
Sger, with a siiiattering of hlaw, niedi -
'ciine, or other professional accoml- I
-plishmnicuts-a manl that ean turnl a
e story in nmedium English and suggest 1
i an ilde old as the hills to thie ontaide I
I world, but nlew to backward people
C -COllic among us anlld we are at 1
once ready tv yield him the laurel
for bl'tius, when inl truth, lhe hould
She kicked fill, his ilnluldence.
ti 'omne hbred" peopilt are at a dis
count the world over. Onr wonmen
I look for Counits and nmarry French
barbers; oulr lprofessions hIunt for a
William the Conqueror, and find
Splaiisable idiots; our State govern
Snients strike ouit for alien hiains and
u end with pedantic drivils, or impoi t
ed pliunderers, while all aroiund u: in
silent waiting is a 1mass of nnialled
I for iintellect, bred to our ideas, full of
ir our hopes and ready but for the sium
'8 onons.
S''"Tom Jones, why I know him well;
f knew him since lie was horn; there's
not much in Jones." While all the
n time Jones is so far above his comi
m oIentator as to defy hiscriticism; anid
all because Jones lhas never been
S''called," never will be, perhaps, and
it if lie attemps to make his mark, is
ut chilled in his effort by the frowns of
a his neighbor, and all because Jones
it s "home bred."
n Now we submit that this is carrying
Sthe axiom too far, and a little "let
it ting up," a greater cultivation of the
k virtue and brains of men whom we
. know, and who know us, will greatly
benefit us all. Let us try a season
:e of "''Home Bred" people-we feel as
d sured the change will be productive
of good.
Sinnott and James.
Capt. Sinnott of the Bart Able, and
Major James of tile N. O. Pacific rail.
road, are going to construct a railroad
from this city to a point East of this
on Red River. They propose to do
this at their own expense and as an
improvement, which will benefit not
only this city but the vicinity when
completed, we think will be incalca
lable.
What is now required to assist
these gentlemen is for our city and
parochial anthol ities to do something.
We should have a road via Sibley's
Lake-dam to Adias, which would
shorten the distance near four miles
and by a road which with but little
expense can be kept in spendid order
at all seasons. We want a FREE FER
RY at Grand Ecore in order to bring
in the trade on the opposite side of
Red River and beyond Black and
Clear lakes, now scattered from Mont
gomery to Grappe's Bluff. The bridge
over Johnson's Chute has been let
and if the road beyond was ditched
and drained, which could be done at
less than $300, that country beyond
Spanish lake would be at our doors,
so to speak.
We await with anxiety the action
of our people: We have arrived at
a point when "talk" must cease, and
the hour for a practical, supreme
demonstration of the past gush must
be shown.
Will anything be done 1
See the Point i
The Supreme Court of this State
has decided that the act appropria
ting $250,000 for the purchase of the
St. Louis lintel property in New Or
leans for a State House, and provi
ding how the money should be raised,
is unconstltutional, in that it violates
the amendment of 1874, directing the
revenues of each year to be applied
solely to the expenses of the current
year and to the creation of a sinking
fund for the redemption of the pub
lic debt:
Of this, $225,000 has already been
paid by the State which is, or will be
lost to the people, because the own
ers of the building are taking steps
to recover it for the balance due.
This "State House job" was a nice
campaign document for our party at
one time, but like a good many of the
jobs that used t, be denoaunced when
we were "out" bas become on "fainili
iar acquaintance" not half as hideous
as we "thought it was." '
Friend Potts, please deliver us
from office. Any thing but that. Now
if you could plant about a hundred
good subscribers for us in your town
and1 viciui~y, we'd forego Congress,
and swear you friend. "And thlio
lovest tnc," do more of that ofice
A Falling Off;
It is a generally adiltted fact that
thie number tf bales of cotton grown
and packed this year is about equal
to that of last year. If this is so
and there is scarcely a doubt of it, º,
the falling off i1n the receipts of cot- Au
ton from last year, by the merchants,
is somnetihing reqnlililg serious atten- I
tion.
Last year the receipts to this date
were 453i; bales, anil the receipts this
year to this writing 3020 bales: show- M
juig a falling of tif 6I16 bhles. Natch
itoches has a population of near 3,(000
souls, with 30 odd houses of business
that deal in cotton, and these small
receipts spjiik lou der than we c'an of
want of enterprise shown by the peo
ple of the city. To even hold the
3,"20 bales here, fall quoted New Or
leans priccs were paid, and1 the loss
on cotton to buyers in this market, I,
has not been less than Q20,j00 during L
the past four months.
Onr merchants are so short-sighlted ',I
that they prefer to lose this large il
amount of money outright-lose it a
withlout the hope of one cents' re- ,
turn, than to make judicious invest
menrits to concentrate trade, increase
business. enhance the value of their
property and improve the city and
parish generally. If this 020,000 or
one-half of it, was invested in re
pairing onads, building bridges and
sustaininng free ferries, and in adver- v
tising the business of the city, a dif- "
ferent result would be the conse
quence. a
'The VINDI(cATOR has done mnore in
1877 for thii town and parish, in ad
vertising by Editorials, its lands, Iu- t
siness, c, ., at no coat to the citizens
and a dead drain on the small exche
Squer of this office, than all the men
ain the piarish comnibined. Some few
Sof our citizens and mlerchants have
I supported us to the extent of their
f ability, but we can count thiem on our
fingers.
iVe have no hesitancy in saying to
the people of Nat'r hitoches, that nu- I
less thew- wake up and do somethinig,
e the property arnd business of this
city, two years hence, will not amount
1 to a row of pins. Wihy, thousands b
of dollars are going from this town
I and vicinity yearly for shopping in 1
s Yet' Orleans. To buy fingers of rib- 1.
flhon. yards of prints, dress patterns,
s shoes by the pair, and every other
small article in the retail dry goods
line, and simply because they can
buy cheaper and save money, cren
Swilth freight and commission chaarWes
added.
There is no reason in the world
why goods should retail any cheaper
in New Orleans than here. "Old war
1prices" stick to most of our businless
men. They do husiness as they did
before thie ar; or rather attempt it.
No attempt is made to bring trade
I to us, or 1hol fast to nwhat we ihave.
Listlessness pervades all branches,
and property is sinking in value
daily.
We adlvise our merchants to organ
1 ize a Board of Trade, and take into
consideration these matters, which
are of vital importance to their bu
siness prosperity, as well as to tihe
permanent building up of oer town
t and parish.
Sustain Your Local Paper,
We sincerely hope the merchants,
lawyers, mechanics and business men
of this city will yield us a full measure
of support. They can do so by adver
tising with as, and he that adverti
sing ever so small fromn each, it, in the
aggregate makes a sum which en.
ables us to publish a good paper.
The mere fact of subscribing is
well enough as far as it goes ; the
amount will pay for the blank paper
but it leaves nothing for labor or for
brains.
ITave we not evinced patriotism, I
public spirit and progressiveness
enough to warrant the asking of a
liberal patronage from the business
class of Natchitochles ?
We think so, and that they will ac.
cord it to us as an appreciation of our
efforts.
Among the Dead Failures
Of the past., how many bogus nostrums so
may be nnmbered! Beginning their ca
reers with a tremendons flourish of trum- I
pets, blazoned for a time in the public
prints, and on flatnming posters, soon, but t
not too soon, were they relegated to the
limbo of things lost on earth. But Hos- tr
tetter's Stomach Bitters is a living and
thriving remedly. It goes on, curing and
to cure. Neither underhand nor open
competition affect it. On the contrary,
contrast with inferior rival preparations
only increases its popularity. It has been
repeatedly imitated, without success.
Counterfeits of it have been sutrreptitions
ly introduced, but have fallen flat. Ev
erywhere it entrenches itself in the confi
deuce of the people; and well it may, for
it is a thoroughly reliable invigorant of A
the feeble, banishes dyspepsia antd con
stipation, braces the nerves, cures rheu
matic ailments and kidney complaints,
and eradicates and prevonts intermittent w
and remittent fevers, ci
it is proposed that the white peo- v
ple of Louisiana shall pay to the c
State government alone ten millions
dollars in the next four years, in or
der to "quiet tile apprehensions" of
the nigger, and to convince him that
our duck of a government, Demo
cratic on the out-eide, don't "intend
to put him back into slavery." The
"nigger" seems to be a "dear llttli
fellow" in the eyes ofea great many
atiltrart patriots=-but isn't this a lit
tie ido expensioe a dance--too much
pay for so little music.
VEGETINE. JII
An Excellent, Medicine.
Spring i ld, C,., FI .b. _. r,;, 18 7.
ThiV is to .ertift' thai I have iuseid egetine,
inanucittured by II. R. Stltett. >>ston, Mass.
fur thutnatisum nand, (;vml x'ra," Pr.trs t titnl of the
N.rvons systein, witlh goo.d snie'isv. 1 r-li. iii
u led vegetii As' i.i ti xcrglhent tinediti ie fti '
sucth runspha.nI.
Our Minit ry I Wi fe. L
('. W. VAT. Ii. STIFT'\
Mf r. li Vanlrity . I ft t ti firm 1 ' \iii 'riotnd rifI ,u i
F nllso, is well.kulwn hu.miness an it this
,lace. ha\hig one of the largest stthes iTh Sprint;.
Shl, O. ill
Our i Minivter's rWife. tt
Lo..uisvill i. IKy., f lb.16, l i7.
r1 Il. ir. ij. ST i \s'.
)lear Sir.-'T'hr.e yecars ago I iveras su iringl 
ter ribly fith l bin:tonnll giiy tli llinn linl ll. (h 11t1
ilil iist4 s l fl. advised li )i eti take l'e gl ti'ne.
Aft.er takinllig n tllll l e . , I was illltirell. ti lie.ved. (Si
This yeta, fheling a etu'hrn of the dlisese, I ti
aiiil llWlt iln 'ig td tlakii g I it, t nr ant t n inig len a
fitted greatly. It also greatly m.proves m. y di-(lAK
gestion, Respecll t. II lly, '
M us. . . ].1 ,L L . l l:.) L
r
Safe and Sure. in
'.it. It. I. Sr:v xs.
In 1t12 unr YVegetine was reconuended t.o
me ': and, biehlinrc to ti perslasion f. a ft iml. s
I fi nsentld, to t it. i t the l time I wai s E,.iIo
fn'erinug frim t, gt{al debility a.nd nr'vouM pros.
elution, s ltperind ceed by oV !elW or 'l and i lregn. d
l' h('bitii. It.s w on.uerfl. l sltr lenglh in and ttl
prttive p ,roperties seeend to t"leet my dt- .
ilitatild isysttmn frl'ol thel first dve ; anlid unier
its persisithnt use I rapidly r'covyred, gaining "
more than us ual hIalth and goo.. feeling. Sitt . ll
then I hlave nst hesitated to glivc Ve gtin ill- iw
most mi t l iifieu d i .trsu i'an. t as 'einb g . sf, I f ,
r sa. II.pwfl agent in prottig healt
i lenergy. V'etit t'is the only aItadh'ine I li tu
id has ln1 its I lie I never expec I t st flud a
bettelr.
Y i nrs triuly, W. 1i. ('LA oRK.
9lOl Mouter'l y St'reet.Alleghay, ]eun,.
Vegetine.
r'The followhiog letter from ltt.v. 13. W. Mans
field, iiI'tillt'IV piaol' of the Method.ist Ellpi'.
p al o ('nurh. ill die Pa'rk, and .'t prelien tt etiled I
in Loelll. nst1 iiin nc  i u ll iery one who tll sll il
his lette r of the w nl tderfll et:i -ir qualit "irs
\'etlie asg' a thorouligh. I euStalis 1 nd pbut ir kf iill
the blood.It
Hyde Park. Mass., Feb. 15, Ifi.
Mr. 11. 1t. Stevens: o
Dealir Sir.--Abolut ten yea:ii i. ith health
failed thrlough ithe dIepl't it $1 - aftl"r. dpt epl N
ia: tnearll it year later I wll pttirketril bhvy tV
0 t lulli tlt it t is l 'O-n .liitiui' lii it liii leslets.
it Ioid fevt in its wl't formllll It settled lsill I1
hMda and took tthe iot'm o' a larte deep statnd t
arstcis, which liia tiftietn monthI- In gatheriuuri
' fihad ino surial I operatio nj bye the best skoti
in the State, hut recived nno lpermint tre.
I lired grea t p lit gin nte t ii-t'and wase con
stantly weiikerld by a plofuer ' dlicharge.
al'o lost snall pieces of hone at iillnbrent times. I 1
llMatters ran oni thus ablut sevl vi t, ti I ill I
May, I 7in, wlihent ii w eil I anlenl ai aoflme to
o  elliou oslito and talk with her on nof the vir
iess passed hrioug your ufat''ty, i't igi
hI t oh tients, faith . flly, ny whih your remorlly it
By i tv at h sIsaw andl heard1 I ained soe con
fsleionc in gti e . tobl
Slnor iinnted takling it soodn after. ivit flt I
lwors from its efltoi ts: still I persfct. vred, n
, sen felt it'o Was bntrolttililg e in other respectsl .
Iet I dihi sisee tundshnt rs1l t t desired toill
curclirollic ttitfsi' aii. it thIydwil patiet I
n had taken ittlhif ni wl tlr a li tle more than ca
iyear. when the ditlii ii illtn , tback was cred :
an ftor nine th onths I hlar, enjoed the best of t
I have ins that time gained twenty.ite poundls
it f 1t1lesh hIhing heayier than ever befre in my
lift,, anid I wtay never nminre able to perform la- .
br tanVEGETIEnow.
fluring the past few weeks I had asA"ofulous
Swelling a are y fist, gather on another
Spart of mlly bLdy.
I took V'e*etine faithfilly, and it removred it
- level with the surface in a month. I think I
should har'. been enred of mi main trouble
a plsover if I had taken lar_-er (does, after hayingll
or become aei'cltotmed to its 'efeets.
Let .Vour patrons tronhled with scrofnla or
kidney disease und(hTestand that it takes time to
rare ehronic disease»; ant], if they will patient
h is take Veg.etihe, it will. in liy judgment, cure,
Y1 Tours very trule.
• G. W.3.1.\N.FIELD, r
Pastor of the Miethodist )'.piscopal Church. f
V GETINE
PREP.IIEl) IlYl
to F. .ST .VlM.S, BOSw ONl, AS.,
Vegetine is Sold by All ])ruggists.,
J. SMITH,
PR.OPIETOIR.
Oome and See me.
Hoice LIQl'OIIS.
H; rming CIGARS.
SHecrful Company.
St. iSt Dui- St. :.i TCjITTa('ES, LA. 1
FIRED WILSON,
r
Receiving, Forwarding g
- AND
COMMISSION MERCHANT,
D)caler in Dry-Good, Groceries, &c.
Blair's Lauding,
RED RIVER, LOUISIANA.
I take this method of informing my
friends and the public generally, that I 9
have removed from Brownsville to Blair's
Landing, one mile above, where I am
prepared to condnct a receiving, forward
ing and commission business. Rates of
storage from and after this date will be
as follows:
Cotton - - Cents - Per Bole.
Freight - - 15 Cents - - Per Barrel.
No extra charges for marking and weigh
iug.
I will .keep on hand a complete as
sortmeunt of
MERC HANDIS E,
Which will be sold low for c Ish or coun
try produce.
M. S. CURTES
PRACTICAL MACHINIST
-AND
EN GINEER,
ARCHITECT, CARPENTER & JOINER.
ALL kinds of Machine work, Engi
A neering, Carpentering and Joiner
work done with dispatch, and in first
class manner.
Estimates and plans for buildings
promptly furnished. Parties desiring
work within the scope of my trades will
call on me at any time for terms; which
will be liberal, both as to price and time.
Shop on WASHINGTON STREET.
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
Jan. 12-ly.
NOTICE OF DISSOLuTTON.
The law partnership heretofore exist
ing between Chaplin, Cunninghftm and
Chiplin ift this day dissolved by nittalul
consent, but all business matters of the
old firm now pending in court will have
the attention of the undersigned.
C. CHAPLI ,
J. Ii. CUNNINGHA;$1,
T. P. CHAPLIN.
Jan.12, , 1878.
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
SII (IFF'S SALE.
C. J. C. iJ'nkcite vs. JJas. ,. L itt'e.
Parish Court No. 1(;:.
i Y tvinte of : wAiit of Fi. Fa. issued Phi
S in Ithe ahove entitleld ; land 111- tllt r
hi'red suit a11ld to lie dircctil. I hlav that
s 11iz 1 and will otilifr 1i0" salt. to the tht
last and highelt ihilder at Ii dlor of the
ish of NaIchitiliht s, on itlI
Saturday, i61/h day of Fcbrutry, 17, entio
the ftllowin,g discrihed proplrty, to-wit: :
A ctitain lot of gr'und situated in 1..
the ciuy awl parish of Naltchlit'his. te
ctintaining 5(I heet front on the W11est
Sside of ll' t roaid o.r Main ,tieet heli\ and
S the 1 lirt, lI iidge, on al i a ol A.lm ilbt. ru- ii
ning. back lul fi.et, ouhnded on the.
north bv a lotI firniirlv hhlotgiig to F. u
Ltmat and Adolph Valentine, south by
a lot. 1lheliiging to Flure' Maziere, eat
ih said street. an: d west by lot belonlg
ilgu to Augnutin .Laniii, f1'. w. lolor.
Also :another lot of groiund sitatedl in
IIthe city andu pnarish of Naitchitiches, I
purchased by M. J. Mel'ier, descrimid ias cr
louitde'd above by lot ofit her, tlhe ven. li
. ot, South by ('Cylres Street. east bhy
i1 Front tlriit, ant west y a lot helong 9th
in, to ''raDniquilin. containing 154. fret
stqunare. with all the buiilings and imn- .1;
proveliutlls tlihereton, or thereto it; allny -
swise pertaining to tihe' samie.
Terms of Sale. N
i ,i CASl'-with the benefit of :iaprais'inent. i t
D. II. BOULLT, .I:. lla
, Jan. 12 his. Sherifft. Wi
SHFi iF.F'$ 3,,, 1.} .. .ore
Jas. Miltenberger & Co, vs. Mrs. Mar- a
celite Trichell. sut
sis I
S District Court No. 8033. tiff
Is Y virtue of an alias writ If Fi. a. and
of I) issued in the above ciititled and and
hIiave seizedtnd vill otlcr fitr sale to the I]
last and highest hidder at the door oft he 30ti
( Court tHouse, in the city and parish of
p Natchitiches, otl
Saturday, 161h tkty (y' February, 187t, Par
the following described lroperty, to-wit:
li All tlhe nsufrintory rights of Maree:ite tin
C. Trichcll, as survivor, in eonnuniity of jil
SScvt'rin Trichcll, dcl'd., one half intere t '
. in and to 567 acres of lanuld, situated in 9th
ill the parish of Nattchitichts, antd heilg th'e
to sali' acquirelitd hy Sec in Trichel. iy j
a't of partition exeentell before Wmii.
g Payne. Eciiidler, oin the 30th day of
is .luue I1Stit, (e,:irded tihe same tliy)
hit 'wVc Eii t $iveaii Trich ll and J. A.
inl rltldreaux. Gilbert 'richel-ll, aiid Adelaid
'it 'richell. wift' of Adolph Vieniine, Sevierin
nd Trichil, takiung lfor himself in said parti- le
t tion, 567 acres of land, bounded oil the
inorth east hv Adolpih Vienne's. ":indt
south west h, J. A. Landreliix's, situ;. it
of tid on Hlay)ti Bliurbeaunx. All in towli- ert
ship 10, rangle . \we'st.
SITerlms of Satle: or
la CASH, wilh the lcnelit of alprlaisenient. en
D. 11. BDULLT. Jr. an(
r Janl. 12 tis Sheriff. A
A t
it atit
SHERIFF'S SALE. rig
"h II. Lichtestine vs. L. . Van Schubrook, bet
or IParish Court, No. 1595. Ian
1t- Y virtue of a writ of Fi. ]Fa. issued
ire B in the abiove entitled and lnnthered
suit. and to niii directed. I have seized
and will otlter sale' tio the last and ligh- efi
est litlher at the dtoor of the lCourt Hlouse
in the city and parish of Natchitoches,; ot
oit dai
Sat/larday., 1(it dtu! qf Febru!aryl, 1878, cr(
the fidtlowitng described property, to-wit: Pt
A certain tract of land sisuiattd in the
p]risli of Nat ichlts conttiniiing twio luin
dre nd eighty acres, liore or less, and '
beiug tle suth half th stl l the north east t
luarter of ,tection iNo.. , township 9,
ranltfe 8, Ccllntainin 7{! 40-10 aCrei'e. t
The nurlthl half of the east halff tlie
soutllh east qltua'ter of stction ::2, town- gr
ship 9, l'ange , ,contlining 3J 72-100 e
The'li nortlh west qluarter of the
Ssonuth east qunarter oif sectiln :i, town- lti
ship 9, range 8, containing 39 72 10it
The sonth half of the niorth east qruar
ter of section 32. township 9, range 8,
colntaininig 790 30-1000 icires.
Tie south cast quarter of the north Si
west quarter and the nortlh east quarter
of tlhe soutli west quairter of section 32,
townshliip 9I, range 8, coutaining 79 45
.l10 arcres. p
The south east quarter of the southll
east quarter of sfctiili 32, township , ti
range 8, containing 39 72-1(1 acres, to. Of
gether with all the builltngs and iu Ti,
proveulents thereon. th
Tel'ias of Sale : in
Cash-with thle benefit of appraisement
D. II. BIOULLT, .TR.. i
Jan, 12.-tds, Sheriff.
dr
NHERIFF'S SALE. us
William Clayton vs. Sylvester Quilter.
Magistrates' Court, No. 330.
'Y virtue of a writ of Fi. Fa., issued in
I 1) the above entitled and numbered suit
I and to inle directed, I have seli dlanld will
Soffer for sale to tile last and highest bid
der at the "Samunel Hlyanms Planutation'"
am situated on Cane river, in the parish of
rd- Natchitoches about 7 miles below the
of city of Natchitoches, on
be Saurday, the 26th day of January 18~ 8
the following described property to wit:
One Hundrled and Twenty-live Barrels
of Corn, more or less. S
TeCrms ol Sale :
-CASI--with the benefit of appraisement. bi
D. I[. BOULLT, Ju. t
Jh- .Ian 12-tts Sheriff.
as- SUCCESSION SALE.
Succession of Mnie. Aurore Lalibrc,
E, Vre B. ctoyer'. pr
BY virtue of an order of the Hon.
il. .Julge of the Parish Comlt of Natchl- Ju
itroches, there will be sold at public anc
tion on
Thursday, Janrary 241h, 1878,
at the late residence of the deceased on
lie Brevelle, the fiollowing mnovalhe prop
erty belonging to said succession, con
sisting of
i11 mnles, I wagon,, 2 hil of cnttle, .
36 headt of sheep, 5 oxen, 15 cows and
a calves, 1 ox cart, 12 mares and colts, 8
head of hogs, 1 carriage, a .ot of agri
cultural imlplei'ints, ia lot of suindries,
1and about 450 barrels of cornt, lmore or
i i- less.
ner Terms of Sale.
ret- Cash-subject to the apparaisoment.
J. ALF. PR1UDHOMME,
ogs BEN. METOYER,
ii ADOLPH PRUI)HOMME,
Executors.
me. F. P. RAGGIO,
Jan. 12, 1878. Auctioneer.
NOTICE. c
-Succession of Fraencois Valsin.
TOHN C. TIIRICHEL having liled his
it- petition praying h bd ippihinted ad
and iinistrator of tile said succession, notice
tntl is hlereby given to all persons interested
the to sh w cause withiln ten tldays fromnt the
ae publication hereof, why petitioer pIrayer
should not 'e grautedl.
Witness the Hon. P. A. Siuimons, Par
ish Judge.
JOIIN LAPLACE,
Jan. 12-2t. DWluty Clerk.
Parish ('oirtl-No. 1;;
N this ca;le hy reasnt of the law and
thit evidenr', Lein, ini tolta ' ofthe
Plain ti':ti t( ai i ns t , I h'fni ' l t, t: ei.
therefore1 ottIred adj:ul,g'ed :11 delreed
that th il alh int111' do 11:1. h : 11 riccover oR
the i lt' )ef 11a.l .t W 'al, L-, . o, ..i inu,. ,i t .if
the sun of five hud111rv1 lollar)s. '
her lu'iviheg;, l a nd ortr atl , ('n her said
husbanld's ' I rI'I"rt " , e, logl, 7 el and
e $ineed. a J ed f'r. A.w it isMirh;
er ordered that tof I., nnniit olf ac
iquis aol .:inti hereto a' e er IY'xisttingl
t\ 'een he'r anI' h1'r ll.ti' hto ,:l n tre and
lth .:ne is h.tl.h dia 's lved,A I. .sthat
IV. H. TUNA , 
have, in 1futur, th' right to Clerni t.
Judgmestt.
and: . control her $ep'rg:t,, estate. De e1(.
dan ti, case ,t rl ,son of ih la anit.
bone, readl :11 signed in opcl cetonl
th this 27th di: iof N i. 18 or th7.
igned Pi. A.l It i eeN S;
arih J ee d tage.
State of Louisianal
Parishii of Nit acll'itolhs c C111l: nli's OFIere
I '(c'rt ify tl aI1 aloe to btl a true and
eorrilt coly hl'lthe toriginal judgnle nt rol
itle in llllir. t of and t
i)ol' inl s hand'l ill land 'uial seal this
Uth day of t.nluary, A. 1). 17,
W. I. TSINNAID,
Jan 12, 178. Clerk.
ud Parish Jdge..
N this ase byof reason of the lawani
the evidence being; int favor of the
plaintiff Emma F. 1)raughou, *fIt,° of
Wiilliam ,. BIarbee. It i ' therefore o.C
d1ered lrljudgd and dcr t eed that the'
comll nli corit to of ts and gains he origieto
flore existing between the Plaintitf. Et.
SitFs. Drllugho lland her htiilealnd ths
said William i. Waof tee be and the same
is herelby dlissolved and that said Plain
tiff' do have hencefurth the sile control
and manCageent of titohr separate estat
and the admintistration' thereof and , in
del allt pay costs of sit. towit
Done and signed in l open court, on this
30th day lof Nov. 1 ol77.
Signed P. A, one MMONS,
Parish Judge.
Sta lote of L nllriana,
Parish of Natchitoh1is.f CLERK'S OFferr
I do he febllin certify that the abtove its
A trlue and corrct coll" of tlle oririen
j dllelilit ',n file ili my o' +ce.
Witn hsslfly hanll, Illnr oticial seal lhis
9th aynd of JaJ nu. ary, 78t
JOHN LAPLACE,
rai 12, 178. Dbl eputy Clerk.
SUCCESSION SALE.
Sutccssion of Mile. Louis b Monette. r
Y virtne ofvan order of the Hon. Pat.
e ish Court of Natchitoches, there will
he sold at public auc t won on
Th of rsday Jainuary, 24th 1878,
at t r lante residence of the deceased, in
this parish, thl followingt. niovbTe pa rop
erty belonging to said lsuccession towit
One Mule,t Sixty barrels of corn, motre
or lss nd lot f th honusehold and kithpa
n furniture, onetl o flat, of the shot gn
and a lot of sundries.
Also the following real estate to itrc i
Sticact of land containing the irty-seven
and a half arpents, more or less, lyinglol
itlile ht bank of Cne i lver desten toing, the
boined above by land of JT. JaD, etop
er, below by AchIlle Rachal, in rear by
land of Toures. inSh front by Cane rifver.
enfeRTt ms of order of the H
ror the movables, Casht with the ben*
efit oft' apprailsehlent.
Fo the real estiltctet, wullofect to appraisfe
menth) oUne-fiourth eorl, aDd the bar lan
oI a credit oy oie a15n two yeanrs from
day of sale, in equlinstd alhnents, elondth
credit terkn as hearing interest at8percent
psitr ua ln fron date. The nk of Rseriso
desendi half of then crodin tri and asevenabl
rsfructivly, to the sorder of the Aivillg widow ofnis
rtr nd two ylars frol dayofle:
nd C ari-g it ller benit of praiseminter
ist H.fro dates Speal mortgage to iSSE,
ser tie T redit ters of thGeorge Gure.s
price of said lands and the sale to be ma
S P. Br, . D., I. BOULLnry PeytoJ.
S.eession f G-Justice'e Court, rd --etc
SBY VIRT[E of an orderit of Fi.the Ho., s
I hilltge of th Probate Court of the
sit and to me directed, I hw i offer for sales
the Cour t those door, atof the hourt House i
Tuesday, the 15th day of Jaia*ry, 187li
ibe to said uccsiourrnfe allto wt oft
riThe one undivided it altof the pdfendl
situated on the right bankls of cotton.Red rive
TTns of Se :-Ch, suject to p
prCASin-with benefit of appraiseten..
. . V. TEBLAERL
Dec. 51-tds. Constbl Wrd,
.Jan 5-tds Constable Ward, h
M'KENNA & BOSSIER.
Brick Stone
WORKERS LA YER*.
SELL and LAY brick; do plasteriaS
and all work in that line -promPt.t
Scleply, and in any locality in thisl
surrounding parishes.
Tombs, $50 for Large, and iS8 for Suall.
Address, M'KENNA & BOSSIER,
Jan. 12.-6n. Natchitochbe, IA6
NOTICE.
The members of the Nathitoches seb
Board are requested to meet at Natebhi
choe on the 1st Monday in Feb. next.
W. A. PONDER,
Jan; 12.3f: President.
d- 825 00 REWARD.
S 1LL PAY THE ABOVE RE WAI
er for the aiIprehen'sion aItl con tioa
of the persoii who shot and killed Y
I horse, or I will pay the salme rewd f
informat.ion hat will lead to his disco
cry and conviction. I.S
idec )-lm