OFFICIAL
aperofthe Parish and City ofNatcitoches
JAs. R. COSGROVE, • . - Editor.
SATURDAY, - - - APRIL 13, 1878.
Reflections Political.
Our country contemporaries are
discussing very freely the future pol
icy of our party in this Stat'e. There
seems to be a "vigor of unanimity"
prevading those of them whose opin
ions are worth quoting, and we are
much pleased thereat.
The average "Conservative "is now
playing "sneak"-in other words he's
lying low, awaiting a full develop
ment of the pent up wrath of the peo
ple against those who have, for the
hundreth time, proven false to every
principle of Demoeracy. When that
storm bursts, these astute gentlemen
will be found "siding with the peo
ple," as usual, and assisting, with a
woeful and awful oscillation of jaw, in
denouncing the shortcomings of them
selves. This is not prophetic, because
we report experience, and it would
be amusing were it not so grim in
its results.
Louisiana politics are queer-so a
life-long Democrat, Mr. Marshall of
Indiana, told us in 1875, when the
celebrated Wheeler compromise was
supposed by its partizans to contain
all that was good and glorious for our
poor people. We are not prepared to
deny the assertion; but, that ,point
in the "queerness," which has and
does excite the most curiosity is-that
"90 per cent" of active, brave, vigilant
and intelligent democrats have suf
fered themselves ruled, led and duped
by "10 per cent" of weak, cowardly
and idiotic conservatives. This same
"10 per cent" has planned tile cap
toure of the "90" again this year. Of
that there can be no doubt.
We are charneol, however, with the
satisfaction of knowing that the "con
servative crowd" will not be indulged
with a walk over this time. This
very tone of the country press, to
which we alluded in the begining,
assures us that the heretofore success
ful argument of these dissemblers
blandishment, and an appeal to our
fears by implied threats of their de
srtion to the enemy--will have
no effect on the OUT SPOKEN party
men now. It has become understood
that a "Conservative" government is
so little removed from a radical re
publican government that the ad
vantages to the material citizen of the
one over the other are but slightly
apparent. If any benefits do come
they are so disguised in dishonor,
through the means and manner of
their being obtained, that the citizen
feels disgraced in accepting them.
For instance, the conservatives
claim that it was through their pol.
ley that Louisiana was finally won,
and if we were to admit it we would
at the same time be impelled to the
conviction that we had dishonored
our commonwealtih, disgraced our
descendants and covered ourselves
with everlasting ignominy, by com
pounding feloney, forgery and fraud.
In other words, we obtained local rule
tad achieved full States rights, by
admitting that tile means employed
to deprive us of the one and obliterate
the other were not crimes.
We can only hope that thie present
solid attitude of the party will be sus
tained to the end-with that hope we
are strengthened in our assurances
of victory as well as that some
thing other than gush and disgrace
will follow Democratic ascendancy
something real and to be felt.
Red River Steamers Lost.
The steamer A. P. Kouns struck
the wreck of the La Belle, at "Ne
gre Point," 15 miles above above
Barbin'a Landing, and sunk in deep
water. Three deck hands were lost
and the boat a total wreck.
"The steamer Dawn from Shreve
port was burned, at White Head,
plantation, thirty miles above New
Orleans. Boat and cargo a total loss.
No loss of life reported. The pas
sengers lost everything but what they
had on. The cargo consisted of 500
bales of cotton, 100 head of cattle,
300 sheep and 40 hogs. The boat
was valued at $20,000; insured in
Cincinnati for $18,000. The fire was
eauased by sparks from thle fnrpace
door. A brisk wind prevailed."
The rush of business on our hands
has delayed our complimenting our
friend Tomkins on the improved ap
pearance and vigor of his excellent
Journal, tie Minden Democrat. We
have a fellow feeling for our confreres
of the dark days of '74, when it cost
something to edit a Democratic jour
asl in North Louisiana other than
time or money, and we beg to con
gratolate Tomkins on his prosperity.
Cuandidates
Will remember that it requires the cash
in advance to insert their anonncements.
We have a goodly space, and we hear
that their number is not a few-so "come
alomg boys" and let the people know who
yo are and what you want.
Wells and Anderson command still, a
lrge asouant of attention than any oth.
ert tlwo men of the age. Hays Js show
lg them mech eomideratoun.
WV extract the following as an
epitomy of the latest situation in Eu
rope regarding war appearances.
The readers of the VINocATroI are
very well up in English demands and
their workings, we now give them
some of the workings of other powers.
General Ignatieff, Russian, is satis
flied that the result of his mission to
Austria has been attained. Austria
told what she required, and each,
Russia and Austria, knows what the
other wants.
And should the Congress ever meet
the programme which each would
support is already settled. As this is
much more than could be said before
the Russian dipomatist's visit to Count
Andrassy, General Ignatieff consid
ers that some progress has been made.
Prince Gortschakotff is engaged in
prepating a diplomatic note in reply
to Lord Salisbury's circular, which
will have a twofold object. It will
satisfy Count Andrassy, and will con
clude with an ultimatum for England.
This note of the Russian Chancellor
is expected from hour to hour, and
much curiosity is manifested to as
certain its actual contents. It is ex
pected that it will precipitate a gen
uine crisis and force England to an
open declaration of her true meaning
-in other words, what she wants.
There is less hope than ever of the
Congrcss meeting, and if it should,
nothing could be settled satisfactorily
by it.
Europe has conflicting interests at
stake which can be settled by war
only, and no Congress can reconcile
them. Prince Gortschakoff appears
to have made up his mind for war,
and, in fact, to prefer it as a means
of arriving at a definite solution of
the difficulty. He is, therefore, shap
ing his diplomacy with a view to that
end, and events will be influenced in
such a way as to precipitate the
struggle under circumstances most
favorable to Russia.
Every thing now points to war, and
the public mind iln Europe, from the
tenor of our dispatches, is fully pre
pared for it. General Tchernaieff has
been appointed to the command of a
special corps of eclairens, destined to
penetrate rapidly into the heart of
Central Asia, in the directions where
the Russian armies have already been
on several expeditions, composed of
Cossacks and horse artillery, who
will be augmented on the march by
such recruits as the General com
manding may see fit to take-there
are many volunteers for such work
as the column would have to under
take to be found among, the hardy
nomad tribes of Central Asia, and
the General will have no difliculty in
enlisting their services. General
Tchernaieff, who is an old campaign
er in Central Asia, will act with tihe
greatest promptitute and celerity of
movement. Adopting the tactics fol
lowed by Gourko after the passage
of the Danube. As he is familiar
with the ground, and has great ex
perience in dealing with the Asiatics,
it is considered here that no better
selection could have been made. It
is not known what the strength of
his command will be, but it its as
serted that the greatest care has been
taken in selecting the men and the
subordinate chiefs. Tchernaieff came
to St. Petersburg some weeks ago
for the purpose of regiving his in
structions with regard to the routes
to be followed, and conferring with
the military authorities on the pre
parations for the expedition. He was
received by the Czar, Sunday, March
4th, and afterward had several con
sultations with the heads of tile army.
Immediately after these interviews
General Tchernaierff departed from
St. Petersburg and set out for his
destination. He is now traveling by
rapid stages, and may be heard from
soon. There is now no doubt that
thie objective point of his expedition
is British India.
So certain do the authorities feel
of a war with England that the pre
parations have been thus early begun,
so that no time shall be lost after
hostilities commence.
Crops.
Our farmers are on the look out for
European war news, as, in the event
of hostilities between England and
Raussia, the price of cotton will be
seriously effected. Ben Hill's speech
in last week's issue of the VINDIcA
TOR, is charming reading to those
who are cotton crazy, but we opine
it will not have the force an Europe
an war will.
What are we to do to pay our debts
if we don't raise cotton f
Have any of you paid out by rais
ing cotton ?
Or, How did you get in debt ? Buy
ing lands and males to raise cottoo ?
Thie truth now comes home, and
we have shed a barrel of ink trying
to prove it all along, that cotton cost
ing 10 cents per pound to cultivate,
gather and market, don't leave much
margin to pay debts with, when sold
at 9 cents.
Will some one tell us how much
corn, oats, rye, peas, &c.,- are being
planted on thie alluvials this year;
leretofore the amount of these ce
rials grown by our river people didn't
amount to a very great quantity, but
we hope this English war will open
their eye.
Thl D l)Slato Democrat Ilies ,s to
task for our severe crilicii on t1le
findings of the npremeni Court in lhe
Andersoi cnse. We are sorty tIhe
Democrat shoild (1 id fault kith Ius,
but we still insist tl:hat  have the
right to criticise public men for piIll
lie acts. When it is insisted we
should not, we are asked to surren
der our ligbht to reason. We are,
happily, in a large majority on this
question--emnlr,,cing the "vulgar
populace," and no mnean numnber of le
gal mnen of our State, John A. Clamnp
bell for instanlce, and R. N. Ogden,
Attorney General.
We do not know law as a lawyer,
but we contend its reasoning and
conclusions should be in accord with
common 8sese.
The Suplremne Court, however, im
paled itself upon its own reasonilng-
at least, it seems so to our miilld, alld
we desire to make the point right
here. In its decision it Says:
"'The Supervisors' consolidated
"statement is not manid by the Stat
"nte the basis of the final canvass
"arid compilation of the vote, as the
"original returns of the Comnmis
"sionerls are, aid lience the altera
"tion and forgery of all of them, THE
"RETURNS OF THlE COMMISSIONER RE
"MAININGI I'NALTEREI, would not
"change the result of the electlion in
"any parish.
In other words, if the "Commission
ers' returnis" remained intact-were
not mutilated or lost, the mere foig
ing of the "consolidated statemenlt"
could produce no material results.
But in the very case, which they had
under conlsideratioln, the Conounaission
ers returns .from the two polls wlhichl
Tonm Anderrsou altered and forged on
the "consolidated statemnenlt," and for
which he was found guilty by a jur!y,
WERE STOLEN !
No sophistry, legal or logically,
can divest a "consolidated statement"
of its virtue in law and fact. It was
intended as a check upon, and a veri
fication of the Commirsioners re
turns ;" and no Court can convince
reasoning minds that thile alteration
of either would not be forgery.
We would desire also to call pub
lie attention to the following Act,
which Attorney General Ogden cited
in his supplemental brief on rehear
ing.
An act to regulate the trial of ap
peals before the Supreme Court in
criminal cases.
SECTION 1. Be it enacted by the
Senate and House of Representatives
of the Senate of Louisiana in Gene
ral Assembly convened, That all
criminal cases on appeal before the
Supreme Court shall be tried by pre
ference over any and all civil cases,
and shall be determined as speedily
as possible.
The only judgment whicll it shall
be competent for the court to render
shall be to dismiss the appeal-in
which case thie judgment entered up
on the verdlict of tlihe jury in the lower
court shall become final under the
usual delay-or a judgment granting
a new trial, in which case the cause
shall be remanded to be proceeded
with in the lower court as if no
trial had been had.
Sec. 2. Be it furtlher enacted, etc.,
That all acts, all laws, or parts of
laws, in conflict with this act, be and
the sanle are hereby repealed, and
this act shall take effect from and af
ter its passage.
Approved hMarch 16, 1870.
HENRY C. WARMOTII,
Governor.
OSCAR J. DUNS,
Lieutenant Governor.
MORTIMER CARR,
Speaker.
In the face of this, the Supreme
Court dismissed the case entire, and
released Anderson.
We can not add one word to what
the New OrleanA Evening Delta says
on this subject:
"The Supreme Court, to the aston
"ishment of every one, has refused
"to grant a new hearing as prayed for
"by the Attorney General, and has fi
"nally disposed of the Anderson trial,
"which will hereafter be known as a
"grand legal farce so far as thIe case
"before the Supreme Court was con
"cerned. From this last ruling it
"would appear that that tribunal had
"unanimously resolved to discharge
"Anderson whether or not there was
"any law to authorize such remarka
"ble proceedings. WVe confess, with
"regret, that our confidence in, and
"respect for the Suprenle Court have
"been greatly shaken by this exhibi
"tion of persistency in error that is as
"remarkable as it is anomalous.
Cotton Reeeipts.-
Received previously, 6000,35bales.
" during the week 31 "
Total - 6000,66
B. C. White, the able bodied North La.
prophet, predicts that George Williamson
will be the Republican candidate for Gov
ernor in 1880. White edited the Shreve
port Telegram in 1876 and insisted that
Packard would be recognized, even after
he had retired to the Custom-house.
Young men, remember when going. to
see your sweetheart, whose father may
look with disfavor upon your attentions,
that a trade dollar worn in the hip pocket
of your pants is very useful in case of an
emergency.
When Noah sent out the second
dove from the ark, she returned bear
ing an olive branch, and they knew
the flood was receding; we bear you
the olive branch in the Home Stono
ach Bitters to relieve chills, fever,
billiousnes and indigestion.
lk Tl ir Hreads.
(Dislatlri, ,to he Shrevepnwt Times.)
New Olceans, April 5.-nBsiness and
,lli,:ials circles are some\\1halt exereised
by publications in Eastern and Western
j.iIlurdals rtlleting upoin .ue conlition of
I onuiiana, warning minmuigr ltion, pietur
ig nkrlup'ey, iprejudilice and lawless
I,'.s and asserting that inlustr11ial ,een
patiles iare t:';ed (illt of ("". i n 1 .
l'ruinii'ent state otlicials claim that tlhe
I~l\\s w, r" nlllver lore pliom1lptly enforer d
:and that as to lawlesh,,ss na:dl lrime tiI
state will compare favorallyv with any
Noirthlrn stat,. TIaxalioin has been re
dulced from 1.l milk to I I mills, aside
from the savin g of fully half a million
yearly by redcned fi'' is to otileiin:ls. lBy
the r,.ep:Ial of the 1ad len s' \which ii he
legislature has alrea(1 ll .nit(ed :atil which
goes into elffect next year redn'es tax:a
tion to 11l s 8 mills td pssibly 9 mills.
Mtannifituries ain ilndistries are sp.ei:al
ly exempted htby vlaw, Ian the only :aldi
tiomnl object of tax;atin to hle aiddied lto
this yearsl' tas55sessini t is b:nk slaures.
The stlate officidls climtn the state is rc
convering as rapidly a;s iposilti contsi!er
ing the e11h b rresl111nlItS 1 alld lhnrdens
created in tlisle pastad the bIest e-\'
dence of her conlition is thy' fa.t that
seven state li colletcltrs ill Ne w Or
leans made nintlily settlilimenits Mih
thll atu itor (if l ith state to-flay intttit
inlg to tl,.0100, the collectio s of state
taxes in March heins' nurecedetued.
Gov. Nichlils says the taxes this year for
general funld purposes is `L mills upon
on1 hundred nld seventy-seven millions
of assesint ; iefire tihe war for g(nerial
1'1nd purposes was one hundred an(
twenty-three millions upon three hun
dred andl lifty.eighlt millions of assess
nlel t, or $ O,l0t(O less now \ h1 then.
The redtled taxation which goes into
e(lect next year (does not eflet't liet, in
telest fund, which trenmains as now.
About two years ago the above wounl
have "riled" ns to thlie llllrrow iloln's,
but we grow wiser as we glow older.
This sensationm we take to be thle second
step towards capturing the Democratic
party in this State by the Conserval ives,
the lirst was Ed. Whites "reftrm" speech
in the State Seriate.
A broad grin mantles the visage of
the Democralti party when this huble
is pricked, and we warn these gentlemen
that they are trilling.
The entire dispatch, save 8 lines, is a
campaign dodge of the faetion now lay
ing pipes to escape condemnation in the
coming State Convention. The 8 lines
are of the veriest stnld, fior we have
daily exchanges "from Eastern and
Western cities," and no such "publica
tion" have we been able to find.
No gentlenle. White's speech, al
thongh it will bear such repetition as
the above, and such endorsement as the
worthy Governors', may do as aln apology
for Conservative sins, bnut it will not do
as a basis for thel coming hattle in Lou
isiana.
Our platform. had we the making of it,
would be short and about like this:
This is a Convention of DEMOC.ATS
who declare,
1st. That the General Assembly of
18777-'78 has been unfaithful to its trust
and recreant to its party.
2d. Therefore we repudiate and do
nounce it.
3d. We pledge the people a Constitu
tional Convention, and a pure, honest
and economical Constitution, for from
that alone can flow honor and happiness
to the people
4th. No monopolies can or shall ex
ist in this Cotunonwealth, as they are a
menace to thle liberties of a free people.
5th. None but Romnnas shall be placed
on guard !
Thile above is terse, lure, and undefiled
Democracy, if the "Conservatives" can
not take tile pill, let them move bag and
baggage to Warmouth and the negroes.
The Gamie Law.
(Morehonse Clarion.)
Under the game law now in force, deer
must not be caught or killted betweenI
February 1e t amd Aiugust 1st
Wild turkeys are prottected from April
1st to September l1t.
Quail, partridge and pheasant must
not be hunted between April Ist andi Sell
tember 15th.
The whipJporwill, sparrow, tinch, ori
ole, blue-bird, swallow, nightlawk and
blackbird mtst not be canght or killed
at any season, except when dlestructive
to crops.
Nests or eggs of all wild birds, except
those of a predhatrory natnre, shall not be
robbed or destroyed.
All this unhader a penalty not exceeding
twenty-.ive dollars for each offense.
Cut tl iis out and paste it somewhere for
future reference.
Latest N¶ews.
CoRNINo, April 8.-The insane build
ing connected with the Swtenben county
poor house, was fired by a lhmatic, who
with fourteen others, were burned to
death. Iron glratings to the windows
prevented escapes of thle victims. Ie
tails are blood.curdling. One man was
badly injured; over forty were rescued.
The see presented by the charred ro
mains and the debris is sickening in the
extreme.
New York, April 8.-Ex-Gov. Franklin
J Moses, Jr.of South Carolina, was arrest
ed on Broadway to-night anad locked ilp.
He is chaiged with having forged the
name of J. Woodrunff for $316,000 and pa
sing the note upon James Allen. Moses
will be taken to Charleston in a few days
Ex-Governor Madison Wells had a
somewhat stormy interview with Sher
man before his departure. Sherman's ab
sence may delay action in the New Or
leans customhouse. It is suggested he
went for that purpose or to avoid res
ponsibility in the matter.
The new counterfeit dollar can only be
detected by weight. It contains 68
grains less silver than genuine.
To the Editor of the New York Times:
Unwilling to do an injustice to anyone,
I feel it a duty in view of subsequent in
formation to withdraw what was contain.
ed in my letter upon Loiisiana affairs in
regard to the Hon. R. L. Gibson.
[Signed] J. MADISON WELLS.
Parish Scrip.
[Shreveport Times.J
We give the substance of the do
cision of the supreme court, deliver
ed by Chief Justice Manning, in the
case of J. P. Smith appellant, vs.
Parish of Madison, appealed from
the district court. "A police jury is
without authority to issue warrants,
or paper of any kind, negotiable or
otherwise, for any purpose whatever,
unless specially empowered thereto
by an act of the general assembly,
and without providing in the ordi
nance creating the debt the manse of
paying it."
aW AUV ITemiENTS.
VEGETINE
FOR
"EYEVI, ANI) AGUE.
1 ttDr.I . -t N (. I .
.:;i i ble .n. 1 bi hle, \',-. n,. . uni" l ue ill Il 1
lll itil~ir \I'v 1!n I i , III 'Y, .
min _ tel, l o,11 , 1 llhe Ilt ',if f. tii 1 il iti t la ti l '.u
111t li t u'i , i f !;, 11t . f I ' .'t :;i11.t I" . ti ' bI .
laund  A e.  i f. t il h in a lls in
r1 it. 11!.h h 1.' l i h if 'tit l i l, i - .j i t Il- i . - ; , l'
it' sn illir . \ tgiA f i1t I f t .'it i.t ll i the I time:
tilt H a in i\, " ,,: re : l h ' d ii ! t h iilg l iU t ii.f
T 'J l l . l l d , ,, o'lt. , 1 1l l l n1 ,t h . i p !i1 ,;u al 1 ,; , I '. t i c ! .
f ,louli~ t lit i ft h li I tl l ft ,l i. tl . . h ," I, ,l o ,
l I:t' .\ , 1: .1 't ii ; B u n it'! ,! t , I,t . . I ) a:1 . 1 S I ) )r : " "1
'e r r i ', .n u n t. i nl l l h " l .a , , , "i , ! . I ' . ' .- r " ' l 'it. ll .
t h a t \ +"Y o l e W 1 . .I ', , t t t lu ul l ,, !, i ,t , a ,.ll
1 vat h n111 t. 1 . Iv ps :", n, .. 71' .
r A nd d ally .lii " !' h lllt.. h;' ,
1,,l inv 1 :ll. :a l h,' i+' "s ,,,,,h 'ly w i ,l -i, .1 , i, i
Wih'l;I lh, l il S iit , u lt i il i , ' ,' ., tii th '. i' . ti .
IWtI li'.it 1 1 ff i ll" rt-' fiif. fii fI If I t fit ;"ll: f I!,
tfi ' tll) "t, 'il l l It ' ti lt ' ,e I h I, ,,ii fill. 'if , l i'' , ,I f:1
: 'eI, Stff fN f i ,. f , 1 ' e,tilff I t lfitli f 111' l \t ,"i' t
the C hill. \" tpu in- I . irt. 1,,.'l I::-Il
g e a t;I e a t n c i ,ih i nh ' ill t ih , . 1 .q.t,0 l.
Je', ,'fully, .lll . . W . 1."( 1 ;",.
\l l 11 '. -\llll{ ,ith,.r ilu r nuti 0 u \ l it ' l ,
' I" ' lt ateh'. Walnlt of i \ If t-If. i0 l 'l 9. i I.1
'i1 l )IIV lih, r i ll s eI, 01t1l' V i \' , in· , St ill i , l ,'ii
the bh:,,,l, carr} ,, t;'th,' l ,mIri,! ii, u., 4h ,,-,11
th. e . s t ev n l te, E'l. th : ilp.l a
Dteoar Sf vir'-- t i the iwhole holly. f r
VEGETINE
DISPEP -:IA, .'.ITE . R .VOUS E SD'.
And G-ner lat D, biltty.
fiil 11.:Ia' \l.l'l iIiri xr . l f It.. ;f.lt.
W e, the stld .rsi red, haiviun )s,, \'u getiie,
take p leasure in re fitCilimfih g it to all three
NeRt Ioin wsn.: . o)r G ell niC l l ibility, it hlulu the,
I y eat like. w ietiu r S l by ,,. 'rlitwell A
ll ad Icite P t il l al tthe.r.
V EG .E L. F I'EKINS.
r. . I1 . S(R. t''tT'.
EIar Sr. he b lli our rTE
Ytlti:ITINfe. is the l'aitit thllell restor'tir- k
llra oed exfclusively f t arks. m.ts, and heis. i
is ry pleasant to take : every hi of like to ho
VEGETINE
NERVOUS HEADACHE
And Rheumatism.
('ar tIX.\Ti.0.0, April 9, Id 8 .
H. R. Stevens, Esq. :
Dear Sir,--I have tsed your Velltiie for Nts.
vous headache. and also'*for ]hiiumatisit, and
have fouilid enitir5 relief fro'n htlh. and take
great pleasure in reeililllnedihlg it to all with
may be likewise atllicted.
FREID, A, G" lOOD.
1iA8 Mill st., ('inn.
VEi.:tTINE has u re-iired thusanids to heialtit
who had been long and painful ,itltrers.
.VEGETINE
Druggists' Testinony.
Mr. H. R. Stevens:
Dear Sir,..-We have been selling your remedy
theVegetin. f-tr alhout three rears, atd take
pleasure in re+onunendinh it to inr ',stomers.
and in ro instance whtere 0, blood p'iritler would
reach the rase, has it ever failed to ftfet a cure,
to our kriowIred.ge. It ceatainly is that ne plus,
ultra of renovators.
E. 31, SHEPHERD & CO. Druggists.
it. VYernon, Ill.
Is acknowledged by all classes of people to he
the best and most reliable blood purifier in the
world.
VECETINE.
PREPARED BY
Vegetile is Sohl by All IDruggists.
Iliportant Notice.
T IIERE will he a meeting of the Parish
Central tComintee of the )Democrat
ic piarty of this parish onu SATURDiAY,
April 20th, inst. A fIll at tendance is de
sired as matters of importance will be
considered. M. .1. CUNNINGHAM,
April 6.3t Chairman Coummittee.
TAX NOTICE.
STrATE TAX C('LI.EIH'ToI'S OFFICE,
Natchitoehes, March '28th, 1e8..
TI!E puldic are hereby notilied that I
am now lrelrared to collect State and
Parish Taxes and Licenses now due.
L. N. LANE.
March 30-tf State Tax Collector.
E. BAKER,
SEED MA.,AllT
No 7 CamIp Street, New Orleans.
RIESII, PURE AND REILIABLE Gar
den and Flower seels sent by mail to
any address, postage paid.
Also a full stock ornamental trees,
plants and roses.
All Stork strictly First-class.
k Everything for the Garden. "
April 6-m1.
SSTRAY NOTICE.
ESTRAYED before W. B. Carr, J. P.,
Ward 9, on the 28th of March 1878, One,
Yellow Cow, branded 0.0. ol left hip, S
on right hip, upper half crop in right ear,
under hit in ]et'r ear. With two calves,
0no mark or branld.
The owner is notified to come forward
prove property and pay costs, within 90
dlays. .I. ALPII. PlI1,HOMME,
April G(.-t Bermuda P. 0.
LOST.
SOMEWHIERE oi Front street in this
town, or between town and the resi
dence of Daniel Sparks, 18 miles south of
Natchitoches, an old Leather Pocket
Book, containing a considerable sum of
money.
The finder will be liberally rewarded
by leaving it at this office, or returning
it to Mr. Daniel Sparks. April 6-1m.
H[. EYMW A.NN,
APOTHECARY &, DRUGGIST.
-IPDE LER IN
CIIEMICALS,
PERFUMERY,
Fancy Articles &c.,
FRONT STREET,
Natchitoches, La.
W' Perscriptions carefully propared
at all hours.
TERMS MODEIA.TE.
Feb. 23.--ly.
FOR SALE.
ONE Second hand Ruggles Jobber, in
gtood e mdition. For Terms and price
apply to E. C. PALMER. & CO
F e'. 2-tt New Oreaus, La
N-r
A.G. IIALT, Di. Dlsawrg.
1KAluts dt~ DI1~j~tE
3M.& OI XN;a
blJli(SIIIIEI1!,I,1
Fitio aiIid (1iziiiiinl l bIrand, s (cit
BlI;.AXI1IEy, &(".
IeTP3JTLD Ariý ý. uiýC C;tARS
T I ..' . I. : . 1.\
Iii i
.`'!. fti ;, ·`l) i, .t.: ,:~ ,."1,
r7
'JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS,
Shheri Ws Sale.
J,,r,,nmte .. 'p&y .111 .";,.ri,,tint M ,t,',.i vt .
\W i. 1. II. ll ll t.
)Y \villue of a writ of, 1 ,,, .t'e :111i l ,,ah.
) ill the a:th,\ l' cnlitled s, it ;li l d to lii'
direii ct l. l havl, ' seiz ed llll l will lI 1'r
s;ale 'to the last a1tt hligha.'st hiddll r. -it
the (door of the (.;'eilHl ouse iin the t(ilt
and parish l of Nat 1hi!ach,. ( o)
S.11rda11(y, :11; dlay oIf .IaI, -7.4S.
ti t, fll'ohwitng d scribel d l)r1 q,'tI y Ito wit :I
 i at. in lo t of g'riailiid ill ie, tul, 0
a:11 palish oi Natl chil ,. ,s. 11iih l' , w
dw , .ll iný Lone :1.1 n rlov't menl ts th.r,
nil, I id lot ,iio. N t I thl ' Ni rtll .id, of tli
lDenis streetl , filto ti) fill s: id l street.
Theodorhr. (ebu.man, West, I' 'Third si'reet
punr'h:ased bv Jrine. i tesirir :r1tzog frot'm
D)r. ''hurlr, r hind Ipurchheill by d11,'l;." l
ait at Sn'ce.s-ioi sale of Mhie. D],-irir
llertzog, to satisfyv the vini du's lrivilig,
aid splcial ,ol 'tgagie on said liprolrty.
7er)s of Sall'.
CA.S[--lt hith lth 1n1el llit of a:lllruls1m,.unt
I). .11. BOULLT', .Ie.
April 13-lt Shritl.
Sherilirs nSale.
(''ipari & I)eitrich vs. N. F. Darnell.
Parish Court-No. 1092.
SY VI 'IRTI] of a writ of seizure and
.-.) sal i he above ' enititled and nunn
hered suit and to ime directed, I have
seized and wiltl (oir for i'sale to tle last
and highest idder, at the door of thel,
Court hlouse, in the city and parish of
Natchitoches, on
Saiturday, the 4lth d(ay of May, 1878,
the following property. to-wit :
Lots Nos. 13, 14, 15, 21 and 21, situated
in Springville. near the city of Natchito
ches, \with all the lbuilding ait inprove.
nliclt thiereon, beinig thle sal e acnql ireil
by the defendanlut N. F )arnell, froml the
Corporatlion of Natchi toches, on the 7th
day of October, Il871
Also lot No. 12, near the Pump Spring,
being the same acquired by the defidaint
N. F. Darnell, from Elizabeth Devinniey
with all the buiiling and itulprovemenii ts
thereint.
Terms of ,%alc :
On a credit of twelve monthsil, lire purr
chaser to execute his twelve imonliths
hond for the purchase price, with good
security in solidll, and to be fiurther so
cured by special mortgage on the pro
perty sold, said bontd to hear eight per
cent ilterest froml day of sale.
1)ii. I1i1. B.(j'I, Jr.
April 13: tds Sheritl'.
SHEIIIFF'S SALE.
Caspari & Dietrich vs. John .1. A. Martini
District Court, No. 8169.
B Y virtue of a wri: t " !'i I'; . .ta s i,,
. it the aiove ium it llli and nilutbhered
suit, and to tie directed, I have seized
and will offer for sale to the last and
highest liilhler, at the door of the Court
(louse in the city and parish of Natchito
clhes, on
Saturday, the 4th dyl of J1tH/, 1878,
the following described property to-wit :
The north west quai',ri- of north
east quarter of lorth west. quarter, see
tioni 4, townshlip ý, ranlCge , contains i t
91-I100 acres.
South east lquirter of north ieast quar
ter, section 4, township t, range 9, con
tailiing 40 9ii-l- )l acres.
North west quarter of south east qntuar
ter, section 4, township 8, rhi 8 8, e con
tains 40 901 100 acres.
South west quarter of south cast quar
ter, section 3:1, township 9, range 8, coln
tainitig itt the aggregate 241 44 100 acres.
Also northi west qitatter of' o lih east
quarter of sectiolt 15, to)wnship 7,I range
8, coitaining d39 77-1110 aclres.
Also tlhe: whole of south west quarter
of south east quarter, section 4, toiwII
ship 8, ralige 8, contaiiuilg 4)) 96 100
Also tiorth east quarter of south west
quarter, seetion 4, township 8, raige 5,
containing 40 acres.
North calst quarter of north west qtar
ter an d north Ii est quanrter of north
,\e(t qiataner of section 19, township 8,
rlaPge 8s, containilg 79 53-100 ares. to
gether with all the buildings and imi
provetnients thereon.
Also 250 buishells of corn, rtore or less.
26 head of ]io)s, more or less.
301)0 feet of lumber, imo'e or less.
STerms of Sale :
On a credit of twelve months, the pur
chaser to execute his t\ elve nonlh bnd
for the purchase price, with good scee
rity in solido, and to be further secured
by special mortgage on the property sohi,
said bond to liar eight per ciut interest
from day of sale.
D. II. BOULLT, Ju..
April 13.-tis. Sheritf.
NOTICE.
Successioe of Chas Emile Sompayxae.
M RS. Marie Clarisse Sonipayrac, survi
i ving widow of Charles Emniile Som
payrae having applii'd for the adiminis
tration of the Sticcession of Charles Entile
Somipayrac, deceased. Notice is herelii
given to all whom it nitiy concern to show
eaise uith'i teit (dlys front this date
why the application of the petitioner
, 1should ntt ie granted.
P. A. SIMMONS,
April 13-2t Parish Judge.
NOTICF.
Succession of Thomas Basco.
rj ELIA ST. ANDRE, administratrix of
l the Succession of Thomas Basc,
deceased, having tiled in the Clerk's
Office, her provisional account in said
succession. Notice is hereby given to
all whom it may concern to show cause
within ten days from this date, why said
account should not he homologated.
P. A. SIMMONS,
April 13-2t. Parish Jndgo,
[0! FICI L.]
LIS~T OF t
llth .Iwtli i41 I lie; jet m'41"t 1ij_,o t
thle I ali'.! (41 NMtei4to.144.5 landfn
I i4t i.4i~u,4. III 144'4444 Iýj 44' with; la
L(;iui; I on.. 27.1' 74j
1 n lt 14144 i. ::t ( \Cj4( ,ý
.1 :1 1 (111 ' i" u . ai "1 1' 1i6"
1' º 1 1 I'r"I h I \'\1Nnt~1cu
lu I . II i., iri,
.J""I l n I .4J tr
4' " ~'4' callt
1' I l 4 t '1 \4 , 1 " ' an,4
I 4 ,
; 1` ' 1, *½I . 1 ~ 1 1 llll"1;q
%~ 44P41 W('4 of tart
" .. 1:. \ : 11 1 ;t : 1) r
1 \I I 14 l 4 11 444, 4 r11iip
V L., I' i 1 ~ '
11 l.4l4 114 ' . It
4 c ot~ 1414 11i IF4 d
S1.1 . t i,.w ý 1 .Il44 I t: ll~ '1 , M
IA .li.: 2414 01 (lrt
. ~ .11 1.4P4I
SI .''1,,1 4. hti ~l , 2,514 \44\4'111 4t1 u
1 t;\ ;'1l)'4 4 I4 (o r l a. t'
,; hI '411 4 ~t~i li1'Ir s~
I;, 1: st .\ 1 'r 111n~1:I i \4~134' '
I4 1'". ni of ofthtt~s
i~i''i' 1U ý' If 1 11H 4rct ia
i 1 :t ,. (1n 4} (1:las.d 1Jur1 Ca:
I. )I. I-' A.
! A( ril r :1. sea at. l atcit514' i,4Co
('ONSTAlBLE'S SALE.
R4'4 I r4 lirlaxlnt (44vs. N "hlohis M4444au~r"
Niti (4 1 .4stc" IC our44 t. Parl1ish of Natehi;0
('144a's \ o. 44.
BY \ iI it I4 I of a1 w4it o4f Fi. Pa. toy
41 i4'4'4t44l 14\. ti44' 11444. WV. B. Cur.
Ninth1 ,J44tiC4' 444 4144' Tract4', 1in and hl
(lie 1444i14 (o Na4tch4itoches, I will pr
ir'c~i'i to 54'11 at4 14444144 outcry4', at the pl
tat1 ion4 oft \Vi' 114S t. Anti4 1rudhomno~i
Saturdiay~, April 13th, (did,
att t welv o'cloc444k M.,
I Bty Stanllion, 14r:4444k1 yS.
AlIso "20 bh Is of corn'4, 444044 or Ieei atiz.
e(1 ill the4 a114414 4'ltit'.4'41 1444 414444415
suIit.
To'ls (of 5(de.
Thle jl44'4I4444'4 haying o'ut 444 the awoto
(if lois hid theliat vl44'S toit adlvertiN
Co01llIll 144issi fl, taix on4 suit, and( Constab~le!
MJ . B. TU('KER,
Attorney mand Conrellor at 1r
OFFICE
S'. DenIis Street, - - *tchitoeh L4
W ILL praitice in the District and
ish Courts of Natchitoches, SSW
D.Soto and led River, and tlhe 6unP
Court of the State.
All business entrusted to his cr1d
receivO prompt attention. Apr