Kentucky Slaw.
From Our Lady Correspconldenlt.
"Shave a white, had head o.f ioth
bage very fine, as if for sour.kroiut, put
it into a sance pan with one wine
glass of cold water. season with ibut
tcr, pepper, and salt. I'1. ce the pan
at the back of the stlv,\e, closely cov
cred, to steam for haIlf n hioor.
Then add one tea cup of .wert
cream, or ticlh milk, but cr(eam iis hlst,
let it stand a feiw minutes, and serve
in a covered dishl."
Thomas Jefferson's Washington
Pie.
"It is foreordaine d that you will
eat it to the last eunimb. 1 cup of
sugar, I Cep of ttlor, 4 eggs, henat
yolks and whites separately, hotter
the size of an egg, I tij..jaspoo))nfill of
cream of tarter, j tea spoonful of
sa1a, mix and hake in two jelly c ike
tins. The juice and aind of I lemon,
I large sour apple grated, I clp of
sugar, 1 egg, mix and boil 5 minutes.
Spread the latter between the layers
of cake."
"Josiah Allen's wife's receipt book."
R. L. Turner writes to the Solthern
C'aidtivtor as follows;
Supposing that tile sweet potatoes
of the previous crops are i iinilips
i. e. put up in conical shape or cov
ered with straw or corn stalks, and
then earth, and then hoarded over, I
commence in March by taking oilff my
board cover from my seed pump andi
let in rain on it. In April, my pota
toes being sprouted, I mark out the
size I want lay seed bedl, ani have it
dug out in spade deep; tihen fill it
loosely with reen cotton seed ; then
get in on a and tramp down the
seed. 'rhey wit! tramp down nearly
one-4talf. Then pIt in four inches of
earth ; then lay your sweet potatoes,
touehibg each other, all over the
earth; then cover one and a half
inchei with earth.
It there is a rainy spell, all right;
but if not, water this seed bed thor
onglly twice a week. By the first of
May your bed will have thousands of
plantsoto it.
Noev for the potato patch, as we
call it. Plough your intended potato
patch two or three times before set
ting out drawers, having it in rows.
Plaghk and reverse, getting the soil
in flue tilthl. When the time is near
for setting out, tank a single shovel
plough, open your beds to the depth
of three inches, put a little pure sta
ble cltfure in the trench, and await
the Tral. If the rain does not come
set oat with Hater-lhalf a pint to
each hill--the earth being pressed
firmly around the potato root, andt a
little dry earth sprinkled around the
top ground. Next is the setting out
-somle say one foot, solim say two
feet apart--I ray four inches.
Then the cultivation-is to plough
to your potatoes all the time, pulling
the earth up around the little plaits
with the hoe the first working.. ever
bar off, thereby saving the siuall roots
which make potatoes, and saving one
half the ploughiing.
In t8f6, I nlmdle 150 bushels sweet
potatoes on one-half acre of hInd Iby
this mode-giving onie lhoeing, or p1,11
ling up witil a hoe, and two plough
lugs, o the potatoes.
American Cookery.
The impotanee of good cooking as
a mean. of health and halppitess is
vet, much utlerrated by many
housekeepers, especially those of
America. ThIere must always be
enough to eat, bat the quality is con
sidered of mlauch less eonsaequence;
provided it he whltlesmne ntld not too
much trowble to Iprelare, the ordlina
ry American minid is folly satisfied.
Thel taste of the thrifty housekeeper
runs nmnch tiore to a file disllhy of
table-linen, silver, and glass-things
which delighlt the eye, but can never
satisfy a hungry man, nor promote
friendship and good humor. At how
imany tables, even of rich Americals,
may we find this gorgeous array ot'
table frnitnre, and view the elegaunt
uhina Illed with food at whichli aiy
ordinary Frenlch laborer would tlurn
up his nose ! Among people of mod
erate means thle erroneous Illea Ire
vtails that delicate liviig is extrava
gLnt and out of the reach of ordina
ry mortals, who eat their greasy beef
sad watery potatoes with tle coln.
fortlttg reflection tlhat thereby
they are practising the great virtue
of economy. This in a terrible ttis.
take. Those same people are daily
waisting material enough to en;able
agy French peasant woman to preo
pare a delieate and palatable repast.
Fgonomy in the kitchlen is of course
iipbseible where matters aire left in
charge of some ignorant cauk who
easnot and would not if she could,
pay the least attention to the saving
and proper use of all the bits and
ends which under her sway find their
way to the soanp-fat man and tile
swill-tab. Waste appears to be the
grand watclh-tword of the ordinary
American or English kitchen, and it
in all thle more piteous to behold whlen
we conidcer the saving and thrifty
character oh these very Ipeple. This
waste, then, i purely the result of
ignorance and itntteution to what is
really one of the great questions of
social life. On this acount every
new book bringing forward now filcts
and new ideas in regard to this all
importat ealtject should be warmly
welcoomed and faithfully studied by
every American weonu . "'lrolt in
nate eoquetry alone," says Mrs. lieo
dlereen, "the Frenclth women appre
iate the powers of their dainty ta
ible. Cooking is an art thley cultivate.
Any of the Meau meols aro proud to
origiaste a new dish, many fatlous
ones doing them credit in tCearing
their namuls." Until this is true of
American women as well, the Ameri
can eaiae can scarcely be ezpseted
to rile above its present mediocrity,
for, alas I Mrs. Heudersou's remark is
too true, that "American wiomen seem
lpoeaeed with thie idea that it isn not
the fhakioa to known how to coik ;
that as m a ccomplishment, the art
.onsee&Ing is not.as ornarnmertal as
that of needle-woik or piano play
ing."-Heleh S. Couant ir Iarper'a
tapzis.
St. Lantdry l':rishl, I,n., .Miay , 1 77.
Ila intg had cniideihralle exlwtiene
iti setting out trees al shrilultirlily, it
: t nl s t, tol that at hit.1, miht'h t t r
given at this season of the year,i
throuh the ('llt ii s4 of thie Rll rayn'
th:It ouoilh! be of tserttre to the in
experienced.o
.111 thlri.t know that more plants.
the irst .snunili er than froi all olther '
railes ciIiniiied : and this is more
lon a fi rtlo i to a soither it i
trade, No donht fire half the et°llll
iins solil reP killed lby the dilrlit 'aVys
of the still the fir.-t slllllllr, and one- i
hI llf of the reiiiaiiinler liirely live,
iiil lneveir t o r ii it so as to allillllt to
;ii thin ,h for a loiis timne at least.
.\l it is no le true of mani Iiy othiler
ine flowe \\ ring, slll'ill.,
I'V ely l rson who orders a hill of
ftuiit Ii'i s itr shrilbbhery shiuhi st ildy
the naiturl e of' heir ii illtirentl ptlla s,
and try to itid'estaliilt their llature,
ihi ither they requi ie ll st l or s:ile.
ifot;a tlr d llt rie illge their i'chlrdS aind l
tlieu, ritli tWo iuMles, plclec a fewi' 'i
neii ll, sel , uei n tlyl i s itihl ail  - i a i
lately necessiry solletilles.
A very igot d shlade iay he idel inu
he following annerill : Take ouill
folks hat thdre ie Southegrund hirm
enough to let your plants grow, and
then, with i ta'to poles, Illlae it fewz i t
hrush on tliop, so ars to admit the sut11 1
Sparingly, and all is right. Daily
olbservation will show how much or
how little sunshine is needed, and .
when tle protiei on ly b k le iis)ltos,
d with altogethler. i1..
Just What the Southern Farm
er Wants.
The ilmportance of tilizing cotton
seed tion ouk r farms, as a teedi fr stock,
fq tui're that we should assert it. low.
The fact that the kerinel of the seed
is he riull, est of rtll grain tfoo i ten
dls it not only fo esir t able that of it
slitihd i mlie Siut se of in lfeeding,
but makes it imperative as it Matter
of economy, that farmers shonlrl not
wastlie this, one otf their st impolr
tant resources. To iiake seed of lste
as tled, it omust e dileprivelld of the
hulls, iand Unfortunately this hither
to, has been only thone by maichine ry
too expensir e for the folket s of ar.e
imers. Tiherefoire, it is no uincommonil
thing in the South toll slee planters
to slling their cottonce ef at tlen dii
plars per tion to the oil ills, anlii
then bik eiti back coatt or seed mealr.
and nil cak at six times this price.
iI ppily there is p orkel ct for
illtheir ll eing rlieved fro this neces.
hsit in the fiuture. Alln ingeniths eo
halit hasl recently i nvented a clllt
toi seedck fhller at incel ike ctivei ton
plet it ioperation and cheall, which
works either by hand or horse power.
One of thierse utills workedl fll hand
will htiill live ibushels oif seed per
hour, either simply cleaning tohe lr
iels are oif hIskl or gihinding them
into tiue mel. With such ail machineiilil
e farmer could not only prepare his
owni stock feed aull make every tots
of his surpiis seed worth dout be
Iwhait it is at present ; lit he calt
ilsotllit if tlre his own fetihze wor,
anprod ied out his wn oil for illoi
t eingle his house and suppl rolyitg his
table.
tfTile e ol ico a sani, of lthef St. Elhiies
e t iiss, an etirculyr, f whrtichle we hlicae
tke ot of t iei abttaluatlires front tleS,
of uil collst a high ligSre. rlit o
ducts. It i o reality thly, trhey s of
worth itl ift they can do tle work
per a close resii.ce to tow or
A New Southl aern hroduct.
A geiiltled n has left abronght to the
mss an eiodentirely tronew artibrle which
the iven it Ila tle fa iclite front IlICLe
ble oftlo IOI the pooie is noilt iSthe tilels
ducts. It is i. realityr thae Iiaties itf
les liblowe to bi't.e, preillirted by ve
cmin, tals oss, if deiurlles, so at S ttoe
- bir matt crs reselpdinsanceo tlsow sI,
whlileS. Uiol exalliist nlig nit we l
tsout the of supply iiittlrt ple it beii
fin tved, rec of there is left poorest o'igt ft or
blt o er thve pire d ot i the leafit
brehious or l ici ed to becwh ie silthctd
Iand luti ll it is pogitlr tha i tss, td
mi, thiCs ymoss, if dtiralso, Imosn is lt elrvar
in mattsses, to a diei gs and etshios, still
while areits small ctlst it ould litlited
sbut e of supply urae st place ita with
iI the reach of the poorest of our
proving sufficiently durable. The
ble to bceolii fine rtle whi Still, do nottd
to th acts connl of t dry itlut a fiitir tihei,
r and althonsegh itt it loile that theve
Ir ocef cility which this ileOS is pleltr
ed Iroaye tl a degree valuprevent this, stille pro
but a moderate use to - educe a Uat
tresPoultry f or the Young Peo lis.
Sinto quit e i sto keep fill, fe, ifot
fd cny, nlseqo kitlow we hoeli that evei
rs tility will den, bt tlhee aiven the iunlels of
tfl provple the vale of his coul( pro-nnt
tPoultry for the Young People.a fck o r
domsThat it petays to keep fowls, few, ifwll
any, who know howt to manage them
rwill denerlly, but there are tlhat it illof
pay to spelnd thlleir money and cot
siderable time in minkinig hoine nt
tractive, so tlwir children may love it.
The clare of poultry will be interest
. iinlg titd profitiible to the boys or girls,
liand if anty one of thile improved
Sbreedls he idoptedl, much pride will
Sbe taken in their breeding.
The Reasons Why Wo Should
, Manttfacture in the South.-When
industry is diversitied, labor tends to
change from muscular to mental.
'The introduction of umauufactures
Sdivessities ag'itultlUe.
Whiten manufactures flourish, land
t and its prloduts a lre most valuable.
The nearer the producer to the eou
sunier the larger the product.
SThe mao whvo must go to market,
pays the price of gettiua teroe,
r·- IHEED THE flr:,;
r ords of Advice, l,
' I' 1' l' i d ,l"l.l r' I t I ' l I'1 LL
S1 "1'I''l' ""1 f n f .:'su : it: " i I:it -,li 'l 11.1 .
T i .,' I',it ii Iiiri' 'I r i I. t I of'il ti t: 1 .1· .I . Ira
II I'll'-. I1itll Iill.III
0I i Ti ,'T'a i 1 'l I.I1 n 1'11.i "
gl y I ..1 . ' l' th.ir ·Cor-" I hr n ·n·..s: us PI lL
1' I'f :t i" ., f U 1 , . , " a , I ; . t r:: i t . N h I 'Il.1 ,
: l. ',t i r' ,. ,r, , tr . I'll.I, s
r TI"l F ,I h . ! " , n :0 ulf; . h ý. ih . l 1 i t . P i I .I
I I'r l. uI. . il -il  11 1 I' .
T Pllr.1 I
, H.  r ; 0,.1 ,,l i r11~.-l h FM-', 1,lll
!I'1'i'- ,n i-,, I:,,tr.I...- I,! ,,, r ,
"II I'1 II! I' .n;I h. l- t; L ll Lt. ' ;
'IT I' I"" I. I ,\ l"l.. l" n fI: 1 1 ,. :'1 ' "1.1; Ll v I' 11 ,1,LL
.'| ' I ..". . . . . . ,'i , .l-. . . I ' ,'I.i a ,,A',,l hti.. t-. . ; . ' .. I'1 I. s
't t'n i'. -l ý rI , t I.:" r1 . h:u ) uu - I'IILS
T IT II LS
'il H lI -1,IE i fI, Tl, '* i A,,
'I . ............ .......... ....................... t i tu i p rt il S
T fI" ITS t u t .S
"T I r r '. i i i.. . . . .... . . . . . . i ' 1 1 . SI s
T r TI" T I'-T- r'EU IElti I InhAT IS t
TI" t 'T ali e s inT 1'11.1.
iTt trT .. .. .. . ............... 1'11. .
I T I'r l l": : l'l'';t.e , fIt l . tf\ LF PILLS
T . ............... P1I1 .1
TI'9' "S rT T %S PILLr Al I l. I'I I
TUT'Ni T iAl1 PI 1,1,5 1
Tr'I I . t ni' r to. . I II ,I in
T s ....... .. ........... .. ....... ............... P I I
'T T T I" , ............................................ : P 11 P I l t
t e "I'I r io e dia, ~ i les of te Ielrt. I'l, tIr
TrindTlS ,lif ie s tnT-l'lVl, "t. PIILL 1ho
Tltretyl taIche'l.v er ed the PISr hI
9r'1"ii-s rl 1.iti ru At Y :r 'TP i PIlLS S
"' r S :i .. e. . e n.. . .. . . la t . w .In te . . e dc.  u,
TI'T ors ant for efy o haln, reslizedmr , e beIItS
'l'mt t"has an.tin g , I eser tok.n aso ll th at 1
T"r wil no t go ,H to F i n ter am I inte'nII,.
TeordmeoInd doeth  b o'I'T ~e, oty c'. I'11,fo om,
T T .o n.J................. 1 57 4 '
TTheIst c ieethat a emorIenI ll:ke nnn' uls of
T iorr' I 1, .i 1e in. orl PIIr Lr
the various d iseases of the Lug, afterg
ftri the pttwernt remedies, tyending thou
sanrmeds of dollars in traveling and doctor
ing, have, by the use of a few bottles,
ent irely recovered theior healt .
"WON'T 6D TO FLORIDA."
New York. August 30,1172.
D R. TUTT:
Dear Sir: -When in Aiken, laet winter, I used your
Expectorant for my cough. and realized more benefit
from it than anything I ever took. I am so well that
I will not go to Florida next winter as I intended.
Send me one dozen bottles. by express. for some
friends. ALFRED CUSSING,
193 West Thirty-frst Street.
Boston, January 11, 1874.
This certlfles that I have recommended the use of
Dr. Tutt's E xpectorant for disease of the lmng
fo r th past two years, and to my knowledge many
effected a oure. R. I. SPRAGUE, M.D.
oectorant, and for the sake of suffering umanity
al mlad II, Ii'IId lI!t!' II TO14' 11143
Sod y rtlsA. taS. Plrice T.11
I ar'e T OWN t h Ibat yt o use IIIaunri in
you, snd rcrmitl 'id Im nityto I', 0ha 0 at
i ath wiurd. I pl antill Sittthwetuert
s that it has da Icre myore oo Oil my
a alantto had tcuitha i ny rah -
81n.I e1' 115lll ;it 1liperl\Thed il
Yoni'a &,H. 1e. Pi. ALBF.Grt
Proessor I n N Y olar Rlh-n
itroi ver istoiar tis h oa of ren
t' rvy 101 M porual arit lissy itihit
ais nt fyurl Iegnl~tor asm prep o by
S.luld hre, c11111itld its a l r ale
-thelh t rettion ofor emerigand M.
Graear. l ban, .ga.
tIc. liver, for the dlat threvrl ttt z
WtiySn heo Inte tlic ording to thwe tir
i plantatio among rotl'e S thab i any ired
Sion I eveir Iused ; it suplerdes Quinineto
tif taken in timt.st its l p
YoUrs &.c, Hlox. B. I. hier. G
uitor is superior i to eany other rom
chihirn, aud it has a large sale in
this section of stGeorgia--W o.
MR('SSI:LJ, Allany. Ga.
1 CONSTIPATION,
·oTESTIONY HE D TE CIIE, JUTce OF
(EmIIT(;.--I have Lsed hinanoes' Liver
caust.d hyt irtune'al'V derangnet of
the khver, n or that toree yeps's, and al
tways then used bs ording to the direc
tio's, with decided bonefit. I think it is
a god Ieicinr for the derangement of
the liver-.at Iaso sreh ha heen ray per
sonal experience in the us of it.
rtutb WARtER.
. SICK HEADACA) E,
tMted its virtues personal., and
hess ; and drobbing Helast the,
it is the best mlicine the world
ever sawn We havo tried forty
other wiemediec before Si&n.,gnsv
o Livur Regulator, but 1cone of them
gavd e us more than temporary re
i oef; but the Regulator not only
ried evd, br t etred us.
Epi . TEiEGRAPn d AND CtitESSENGER,
Macon, Ga.
2hving had during the l7st twenty
years of my life to attenJd to Racine,
with them with Colic, Prubbs, &c., gave
me a great deal of trouble; having heard
of your Regulator as a cure TOr the ahove
• lnn at the Varnr A aOR Ofice.
DANIEL PRA'IT'S IMPROVED
th
e olving Head"
1i1
ll
I'.kTENTEI ) JULY 1 1s73.
PRICT IN.' H E ''El)
TO $4 50 PER SAW. d;
11;
sii t
r
('1
r l ,'l\ ihas hbtt in isi. fot the sl
three scaSon.:utd several recentt itl
Spr,,veimiets Ihae 1been hled. It obvi
ait s all fr'iction at t ithe lls of tlil cottoln
s hox, preveit\ s the roll frIot h aking'." and
gives a LAGER YIEiLD) (OF LINT lfrom
the same amunl t of send than aly other
(iln in use. The lRevolvii Iheau light
e ills thlie draft :iural mcises 11' ( int to Inn1 4
thster witlh i ess driving power, thus do,
g ing a great deal more \work w ithiln the
S s lile timell, while econoi iitinillg teant or
Sianimal powerI, (halun any it her O in. The
d seed heilig ginned very close, h,- length
Sof the stlei)h is inc'reasedl, rhoduiliing eot -
iton oil this aconuilt of a greater iMiarket
Svalue. This iimlrovld valie. given by
liengtlh of stuple, with extrait produluetioll
i +of lint, added to increased iantoul t of
Swo k done, motre Ihan covers the rest
of the Gin in every 1111"- hales giinned.
Testitiioials seit by mnai! on application.
JOS. B. WOLFE & CO.,
GENERAL AGENTS,
59) ........ CAllR lI.It T ST....5....i
NEW ORLEANS, LA.
C. L. WA LMSLEY, Agent,
August 1.2 ) X.1 T('IHITOI'HEN, LA.
Steami Saw Mill.
J. II. STEPHI-IENS.
(Serex .hiltes No, th (f 1atchitoches.)
at [[JAS ON HAND and is prepa:lred to fur
S11 nish on short notice all kinds of the
o BE4T QUAIATY OF
Yellow Heart
PIN ELU IJBER.
t as well stocked lumlher yard in this
city anll at Mr T. Chlder's, oin Cane riv
er where partie.s clan tave orders filled
IS promiptly on iapplicatiuon.
PRICE:
Five to Ten dollarla per 31. at Mill.
Four1teen dollar erpe M. in city y.trd.
Address,
J, I. IS FEPIHEN`,
At Mill.
Or J. C. TICI'IEL,,
Nat ihitoches~,
And T. CIALElR,
Feb. 17-1-. l.leh revel; ('
HUTSON'S
LIVERIY alld FEED
hI STA ELTID.
St. I)Dnis St., NATCRITOCIIES, La.
S PREPARED) to :ceminouldate the
I pllulic iit cetrylthhiig in tlhe Fecl and11
Livery liut. Stalle is ihst-ch:lss antl :ir
r:tnged especially for the conuveiece andc
comfourt of stock.
FEED FOR HORSE $1 PER DAY.
HWacks and huIggices ot hire and fur
nished promptly on application.
R P. HiUTSON.
Feb. 17-1v. oprictor.
iM . H. CARVER.
FRONT STREET,
rNatchitoc!les, La.
SFor the FALL and WIN
TER Trade.
NEW GOODS !
New Goods ! !
r[HE entire stock is better and nmore
I select than aily eviry introdtuced inito
hils niarket, alndl having been ulrcllhi:ud
with CASHI, can be sold lower than the
rorrei.
)v The Motto of the Firm is to sell
er CHEAPER TIIHAN TIHE CHEAPEST.
o t Call and examiue onr stock, which
- consists in pa:rt of
- CASSIMERES,
of JEANS,
f- TWEEDS,
KERSEYS,:
PRINTS,
BROWN & BLEACHlIED COTTONS,
LOWLLS
LADIES' DRESS GOODS,
TBI11MINGS,
BLANKETS,
Woolen Goods of all kinIds.
BOOTS,
SHOES,
LADIES' alnd GENT'S. IATS
Clothing, a full and Complete Assort
ty ment.
& Crockery, Hollow & Wil
Slow Ware.
7' A full line rof FANCY andl FAMILi
ho GROCERIES, WINES, LIQUORS,.&C.
its Books, Stationary, &c., &c.
ro In faet
A FIrESI anld select etostk of goods always
S on hand, which hlaving been purchased on
a cash basis enables is to ofier erxtra iudnce.
', mentts to cash buyers.
Ilighest cash price paid for cotton and other
produce, and liberal advancea made In cash
merchandise on ,onslgumcat.
orMaIrch 5-ly.
thel ito 0S I'ir,' i ,ut lli
at. our .nlargid A "RT |(t).MlS. All thl
tw and ill popular lljet(.l, ait ro ck-ht II
loin l ipriers. ' l i falls of t it, N hie. si/,r
l ls,x2 n'( t lllti , gand Ira(nd-l ; 4, ii,' oi
Ithe S sqic l hanna, cti. olf tilt I' t ui o. f th,'
Leason, size 1.x27 : LakI , Iuntene st, it
rlatnd. the l most hu:int ul'ul hake il ti.
world: lIsola Bello, l clurinig u s tene il
I orthern Italy. cot pilnition th lrect'
ding; Oi' Boist ii Light, a hIi autilul lua
rine, size 15x2l . il great sh-manl; O'l
ra l,)''ils, Newpoii rt, arli o, (;:al th ring
'rintros iis. At the Sfai ,hit oru . :ifhdly iill
ltlitillty. Also Virin Vesta:1 . snow.
Sltoll . A.nlri lni Fruit, and oilhler lx:;11
snhjects l florai l hiltsiniivs ('apiil' . Snu idial "
hol Cards, Statuarylill , Mlottl es, s lli 1k
glrilud l'l s, ete Also tlhe tief atl'
irlost (omlpllhle as.aortmell t 4i of '1xll hi'fo
lwns, both on white mounlits. hhlm line.
and hlak imounts, gold line. IIlr ltMock
iihiries evCrything dirahlet' for eail
ers, C\ient or r l' i n purlttses, nid all
ishonlid test olr ic t liiolnd quaiy eof
wirk. Thell right It'allltis can r lize a In
iIan arenl t" ourie srctChed land fralllle
('hre les i st Prcinlars free. llhut colrated
('atal tie on r'eceilpt of ritallip. St d lil t1
$:t of $5 oultlit. .\lhih'rss
,I. LATHIIAM & CO.,
419 Washington St.. ostollii, Mssor
ANl T CONSISS 01"
! I
SANlR CITI II N
WI THHEIR
- Cro nin r ietory.
The iCeltenllil Comittilleih e on Sellw
ing Machine , aftur a thhinglh eam
ulition ofn the viarl ris Ml ' iin els oil
exliorition, h iv : 'eN, llth de
t- Orm. LVrt' 'l1LIvl"'H I io nt 19511,
Therv' iAer imantfaoln inge, Cos lpanoyld
eollifrretd lhianl l lty Exhibitor
Am of ND CONSISTS OF
AND TWO PIPI,(.AS OF MERIT!
Apl to
TFFO OR TINYEATI'II,87 . Ii
C l O
S OnIe-half of all the Sewing Meltliins
sItd il the Learding 1 d Ol\est Week
ehielh is sillicie t v llt e iie.i, of its s pll .
rily Agrieiral paper in ths. e South
coll wta k is everything of valule suita Iet
le to 8li  therni Agricultre, uch aos eatl
i cultwre of iCotton, Su iir, Rice, To ac-l
Sco. Corn, Wi-at, Rye. Oats'c:is, P the
'T'iurnips, Cshluage. etc., eitc. the rais
SINGERS o all kinds of tockor hiIk' liot h,
d oliter l t ale of all k inlds o llniits. suchr
as Peaches, Pears, iApples, Or:irin esl
AT cntaipya choic,) dptmn for
colensetd form givN also the liatest.
New Orteans Market feports: anu
rcontains many Valu aTl Receips ltor
we ll s many Useful Facts r e
Family, the KLeaini, ad Ili Sick toi.
I"The paper is piinted from clear, new
o 8ty e Lan i ricttiins sixicei pages iIf
valuable matter every week. The 13th
volume cofmtnences January, 1o77.
The Subscription price is $2 5t, per
! year, plst)paidSl'.50 for A monihslor
Oli hiome Jrnial ani i Roral houth-i
eland, NWW Vhll R iA
HENRY GENUS.
Worker in Tin, Copper and
SHEET IRON.
Corner Front and Trndean Streets,
NATCHITOCIIES, LA.
Wholesale and Retail dealer in all kinds of
HEATING AND COOKING STOVES
and sole agent for the celebated champion
CHARTER OAK
cooking stove. All stoves sold at man
ufacturer's prices with freight added.
Manufacturer of plain and fancy Tin
Ware Metallic roofing, etc., etc"
A large and select stock of Tin Ware
and House Furnishing good on hanl
GUTrERING. ROOFING. and all ma n
nor of Job, Tin and plumbers work ec
coted with diratch
Silrlno t' J A1-Ane.
Fil and Winter Arral&-onwivt. * t
I.'O)I1 (;I: AN'l) E1('t1IE. 1(NT );)M:,1E I L
I.IEX. NIlii \. IINI' IIL.LIE 'i :l '1 N ,
IIA ltI lN, I.lT DEIlt"ZY,
All 1Way la44lll4go.
F''III
The. .1 .M mp lil tl i t ,1 l t+3L,t
r-,un il' Pathsel gee I 'c 't in
BART ABLE !
111 A \IH .1, .
11. SiNNAtV, Master, I INw r, i 'hi kt +
-l.i \( 1.I
Detrot Fie Pess-r ul
i'EAVES U a;ll I:r, ' l",sitiu ely pVar l
)41'":"1.11 at lIS M. b
'iFor ' ,rei hplt r il 1 't ++ r .t Ti
,orfik i~ l Ill " ; i- ";i" : Iill. ..ll": h .l~ of'Ill ,n
3Darrls 25--.If t',
(G()O RIE\I: NG !
All lniiowv It All Like It ! '
Detroit Free Press.
. Still lr;i!tfer and Better for Tl
1-877.
-full of \NVVit--litun-1?i'th'l s - Sketch In
-tinssip.- aishi+ýi--fireºhb,"t- I '
Newrs-Ilonti- and~ Ftrrigtn th
LettersI t.
newspapiiller.
vti
"HOW HE WAS EMTPTED."
lilt'
A thii il1iig lonIinled Sthi'yV, writtenli for 4ll
'IThe EI' IEI. EfS. hy "Elzey t
Hlaly" (Fiiil Adrllet'trws tine
noteld M!otih1rn11 writer gr
will he a flattirlt
of 1 1. otil
--- t e
,W'EEKLY. post paid. l ;.i00 per a? ,n la p
Ill
In luihinag ill yvilor iist, start with thii
Dletroit 'Free' Press.C.
THE' POST MASTER IS AG'T. FO1 IT..
OUR COUNTRY !
WHAT WILL
eI
Become of It ?
.Pt
SIs tillequestion now agitating the public
:inhd.
The grave issues before Congress; tlhe
final settlehnitil of the late Presidential
elect ion ; tlh iincoming Colingr'ess; the
new P ires'ident; the Policy iof the uext
y Admninistration; and ftltire tveltlhrc of
thle coiintry andi people, are miatteris of
e great interest to each and every individli
iat Suich a crisis has not beenI pIreseted, t
silnce the Declaration of Ind(ependnice. iC
A Trlllhfoll History of eVetits. and do- t
ings iof Congress will he given with in
partiality 1anti fairne'ss in the
CINCINNATI ENQUIRER, ,t
a phllic spirited paper echoing (he wish l
4s to the peoplllle, advocating sliblissoli
to the Laws. good Governiellt, ,and the
Rights of the people to he heard upon all
imatteris that pertain to the eouitry's
welf arc.
The Tricky Politieians, alwal s ready
to orl'anize tronhll, 1ut who 'iever par
I- icipate in dalinger, will Ibe showvn lp in
their tUe i'hir:icetr's. By l isuilSycrihin i
l- fr till Elnquiirer. von will get a thiithfil I
l.y toenrd of lev.tcls S they tra':lirli, with
out Party Coloring antuniniliased 1º} par
Id t v felings. s thei llt' litlrit ill Iai liws
%", papi r is its lilability and willingness to
1 gi've the i.
NEWS AS IT COMES. ,
alid not 1ts it is prl'parI'd by plrt y deinai a
gigils to mislead the peojle. Sp.imnen ti
i'oplit, frre.
Terms of Subscription. a
I.'OE WEEIKLY.
Single Copy, one year.l............2 00 t
Olive Collies " ..$1 73 each...... 7 5
Ten'l " ;' .. I 00 '° . ....d !6 !
Twentfy " ". ,. 1 50 " ......30 Ini
FOIR I)AILEY. I
Witholut ,%,mnidly'Ine. Wit Suf/Inday lsnve.
liv Miail. ne i'al'i'.. I t00 he By Mail 1 Ylear i$,. F
Six Millths ....... Ii a t i x Monlhs .... ( 40
Three Mollntlhs..... 3:' .i IThireC lo M nlthi... 3 fi V
On, Month......... I 10) OCo Mo ith..... 5a t
Most liberal ternns to 1,1h11 agents. Send s
for 5JlCcimlielI copies 11d 1lgenl"' outlit.. ,
Agents wa\tVed tl I every )post-otlice. I
Address all letters to i
FAliAN & McLEAN, Peuiltsn-its, t
Cincinnati, Ohio.
PRIME ENJOYMENT FOR A YEAR.
Less tlhan folr cents a Wcee.'.
t
.11AKE IIOIE ATTIT.CTIVE BY INTRO
1)UCIN\A
M Ell SETIII iwIII lOST.
Which for more than 55 years has been
the best
STORY, SKETCHI & FAMILY PAPER
as ii well known all over the United
States. It is published weekly. contains
eight large pages, clearly printed on good
pape'r, tilled with the choicest stories and
sketcheR by the best writers; 1o son
satlional ti'ash',- hbt such1 us a mnothler is
willing to lha14' her chihlren read. The
whole tonc of thle'lpaper is pure and el
"" vatini.
It also eoniainti Historical an1d Biogiri
phical articles ; chientific; Agrie;ultnral
S anud tt nse ,ho hld e vtme nt~iil is : ; sh hio
Article weIkly, frveh aiti' excelled ; Hu
morons Notes; Literary feviews; News
Notes ; Boy's iill41 (iurs' Colilllilis
and Sparkling Editorial, etc., etc
just slit'h 1i14 pipi'r as evervboly loves to
read, and thei plrice is only
TWO I)OLLARS A YEAR.
Sample copy contliiling clubs raies, etc.
ilelit OIl receipt of a 3-cent stanmp. Address
NO. 650 BENNETT & FICTIf,.
726 Sansomn Street, Phlladelphia, Pa.
N. I.--le sure ail, aflix the ninmber
6"0 before I:r1N.1'4 .'rr &' Frl-irc, so that w'e
mliiy know thlroligh Whlilt paper the 84114
scrilltion omllies.
TH]E [SUN
1877 NEW YORK. 1877
-~--~- ---------------
The different editions of Tlff1 SUN during
the inet year will be the same as dlrin tlhe
year that has just passed. Tl'hl daily adilitioei
will on week days be a sheet of four pg:es, or
31 broad columnslll: while the woekhly edition
will be a sheet of eight pllages of the samte diruen
sins and character haracter that are already famuiliar tol
our friends. .
TIHE SN' will continue to hte the strennonm
advocate of re'forml and retrenelllIlllnlt, nd of
the sublstitution of satltnniaiistiilp. wisldom, anlld
ilitegrity for hollow prlieteince iUnbeility.V and
fralnd in the adluinistratlion of public atifirs. It
will contend for the lgovernment of the ipeple
by tile people and folr the people, as opplo.d tol
goverlljienlit by frauds in the ballot- box andl in
the counting of votes, enforced biy i lilitary
violence. It aill endeavor to supply its reaid
ir-a holy Inow not far fromn a million of souls
-with the milost. carefill, complee, and trllst
worthy accountll of current events, and will
employ for this purpose a nuamorout and care
fully selected staff of reporters aind correspn.
dents. Its reports frlomn Wahnlinton, espllecial
ly. will be full, accurate, alil fearless: lland it
will doubtless coltinlie to descrve andl eliinl
the hatred of those who thrive by pllunderiui
the Treasury or by usurpin g nhat fthe law del
fnl iir , thrill. thil -it twill p l ittt ,
I h,' , l" r ft,,illr mI" o, I r h , p l r1, l1 .: -,r t1)
ll' hI n t h r 3 at t p :I tlt
1.1. i it I IL0t~rr. tiitt
I I 'ti i l t I , , t ti : l l t"
l'h. ". s N .\1 " ' as aill ll ' t ,li
ti l " 11 ,. ll 'i i$ L , i!7 11 ' i . ' .
.1 "2O l car ' t t , 'l . 1''1 1
T Gr eat ,a tia
T 1he 1e t1" is rl ei' i er,- I '' I ti't l f JOUI.
p r iou i ) i ll .i \' 1 i..1" ~ I ,- l4 e l. 1'II. i .e en ) r
.in e'l h. hl i, :h. te ietil t ae i l(l lttid lln e t...
iii! inlg eip lubt al It: t, a (It y
tl Ir jeeubll t h,- ei to1+ , l 1:, eit .a u s ce
m ut r .l i - I 1 i ." r -,-.h I" 1hel ,I k It. , ut
The reinIt V ltice ll i, tIiatly t1W g n rome
(011 ith e eir lthaNt a it' lf i. lt' ., ahii. t p,'r
olipt l pl i1t pl l ai : illt a li uletli.
, iee h ai tedl lI . li Ytr. bas lii luinim i art.
Sith e ie n, 'int .. th l ' 1t , l ouitk , ni : li.
etlIe elc! ·i| l ltiehi. v I L 1 gI \ttin ori-lilill ai, tr
C elh ir l 'hll ,lal it lit S t' ii. Il" i 00lit.~
Tp lct pub\ihed t o|?" ll I ri. r -It0 rl n it w trust
Alle iti ltntih h lin e o thr o t it.
itAi lcdr . THE i t i, N i, York C1hrity .
'77 THEPEOPLE'S PAPER'li
Courier-Journal
I lutily ines tih experieit'lley aility aiiil.
Iseill,' e1t nw rs of tu tional repute.:
the ll " ouis Cill Courieir, Louisille Jour.
lite and Louisville . 4ulc'nnrat-and is for
tiird in the reapeet if Ink cotrtidere. Ss.
tfltllll Ic'g fr (llt n rl iltiital rct ulry ofi
their iirlividal, lnr1 combined slittcanceils
The ' eeki Ceuri-ter-Jonl Co. L is nllet
1 h11 i to t til - hc hil' 1 olf throwc from the
graph.
Ch'ice front 2'1a sn adard books, or any.
iti, of then hutd Iing nma aziurh s or illustra
t-. l, wril ie ts rYcrl a mi ere pittance isilr.
adition to thl e price l f ti e Co ourier-Joirllli
r.ENTICE.9 POEMS and the .Weekly
Cetourier urrnal one ear for K300.
A splt ndid 11' of the South, ilte
, x:1' inches, hai.dsone.y I I l.lred, vat.
]er to the Weekly Courier-Journal vIa
P'er (o tttan-er-.Thurnal Co., Louisville, b
''-E TWU()tLD
IOR 1877.
The New York VorlI for 1877 Dallli
Sein-Weekly and Weekly, will be found
to 1,e the cheape.s and ibe~t newrspaper
published in the United States. It will
he lprinted in an inmproved form withner
type upon the best pap"p, and no expemn
eoorlaor \will he spared to maintainitia
every department at the highest possible
standard, and to commend it in all re
paicts to the confidence and approvalof
tle best classes in the contmmn ity with
o'it regard to political opinions or relit
ions diti-nrienes.
It will lay before its readers :
TIlE Niws oF TlE ]D)AY of all kiudafa
from all equarteres, by mail and by teh
gra.lh. earefully condensed and lncidly
arranIed, spe('ial attention hbeinggivente'
all Couninerci;l, Legal, Financial. Social
aid ,llPoliti.al Trans etions inl theCity e
N(,w York and the 'United States.
Fll. l{EIt'OT:rs, Reciting and Illustsa
ltig all ('ongre'ssional and Legislative
pirowe'dings at W:aslhintoln and Allmany;
iall Meetings of impolprtance, Religious,
Literar., Educational. Sc ientide and 94
itical: all $,o'ial 'veats, gay andi grave
and Personal Information of intere to
the pIblic.
('e ,I:i FsrlP I:('n. , expressly prepared
for this ejournal hy ,a iporanent staff of
ac('omlplisheld residlent writers at ,lI.a
tires of interest throughout thle orhl
Lrrl:rcTI.tY N t:w ail Ri: :Luws, by which
our reilears will be. kept advised of every
thing worthy of! attention in the curreal
Literature of Enronpe and America.
('ritiisrins t"f Iall notable worksad
notices of all notable events in conjiction
with iMusle, the D)ramna, Painting, Soul1
ture and all tother branches of Art.
Elitoral Attieles upon every subjectof
present interest or importance.
For the principles by which Tile World
will be governed in its discussionard
treatment of the lpublie questions, it will
suttice to say that The World, while toe
servative in politics, desires the consert
tion only of what is good and wiseino
public institions and no limitations apec
the right, of peivate ,jndgment andth
aspirat ions of Reform, save those wbih
are imposed by prudenee decorum, a
i fational respect for vested rightsal
for the holiest opinions of all classeslrt
sects of men. While it has laboredfr
the principles and hails the triumphd
the )emocratic party as affording as
practical promise of Reform in our pnui
admimiwtlrations, city, state and natiaonl,
it will not be blindly devoted to tlhe
vancrement of any party or any cliqu4
It will freely canvass the pnublic condd
while it will treat with respect theFp1
vate rights, of Public Men, and it tills
amino fe'arlessy into the workingaeofo"
national, state and municipal geVa"
ments.
It will inculcate a steadfast eliaB0
upon the original principlesof oatper
tical system as the oely sround basis ofl
needed inllporveutect theiu: a~u .:ft
ering devotion to the Constitntiolld
the Union, a scrupulons fidelity to.k
pirit-as well asn the letier ofoarlsr4
and a sleepless vigilance in uniautaian1
all the great safegurads of Civila
Religions Liberty. It will seek toat
igate and not to aggravate the evils ia
separablelO rom Plarty Governmenties
Free Country'; to promote good all1dO
ill tieling among our fellow-citreneorll
creeds and colors, all sections andal
sects; and to advance both by its pie
e'pts and by its exampli the trOn
Rcason and of Law over prejndiae
passion in all our public action andi
the dliselnsicrn of all public affairs.
It will do justice always. to the ied
its ability to all icen and to all claeisd
m)enI ; it will recognize nocnen!iesbutt
enlemies of good morals, publlic order and
the law ; it will endeavor, in awol, b
make i's columns a terror to evil.e
and a praise to them that do well.
Nor will it lose sight nmeanwhile of tl
great and legitimate demand of le
'ireadting Ipulic thr entertainment. Tl
WORLD will keepl Its readers infof
of all that is amusing as well aso~
that is nlomenttons in the mov'em~ne
so'iety and will spare neither tron
I4r expelnis to provide' them with a1
riied animuated anid accurate picturreot ft
times in which we live.
TI'ERMS-POSTAGE PREPAID.
Daily and Sundayls, oe .'ear,, $9.5;
six lonths, $5 ; three nlionths, $2.0'.
D)aily without Sunedays, one year, :
six niiontihs, $4.25; thrtee mtonths,,''
less than thie, naonths. $1 a n'o.th.
SThie Selni-We,'klv World (Tncull
I ard Fridiays)--Two l)ollars a ear,
I Cluh Aget'itsn---An extra copy forelub
t en; the ID)ai l fh ( clue of twentyr-lr~v'.
The Weekly: World (Wednesdays)"'*'
D)ollar a nyear. T'o C('lb Arents-An l
tra eolly for 'rileftte'n ; the SeIit'b
ly for lb of' twenty ; thle Daily for cla
of lifty.
lSpecimt nulmber sent on applicatioa'
Terms---Cishlh, in'a'ialel in advanltc
All communiecations should be add
ad to THE WORi)D
Corner Plark Row and Beekmailid SEret
, ,