1876! IZ (w
IE BEST, THE LARGEST. Ag
the Cheapest Weekly Paper. WI]
fro]
Published. for
'I
NOW IS T'HE TIME TO n
Mt TsI x @IC R E s
The St. Louis Tiics. j
Daily, Sunday, Tri-WeAkly and Weekly. Ma
THE d
e ading Democratic Paper
WEST OF TUE MisSiSSIPIi.
Tim
The ST. Louis TIErs is a large
sixty-four column Newspaper, Tit
the largest and cheapest tle
Weekly Newspaper pre
published in the
United States.
$1500 IN CASH PREMIUMS
AS fOLLOW :
DAILY.
$820 Cash to any person from whom we
receive the largest list of subscribers
to the Daily Times for one year (be
fore tihe 31st of March next) of not
less than one hundred and fifty ca
names, at $9 per annum. III
$100 Cash for the next largest li-t of not th
less than 100 names at $t per annum.
$125 Cash for the next largest list of not on
less than 75 names at $8 per annum. ha
$75 Cash for the next largest list of not as
less than 50 names at $8 per annum, st:
650 Cash for the next largest list of not Ial
less than 30 names at $8 per annui. t
$30 Cash for the next largest list of not ly
less than 20 names at$8 per annum. h
ash for the next largest list of not th
less than 20 names at $8 per annnm. ti
TRIWEEKLY. be
125 Cash for the largest list of subscrib- al
ers to the Tri-Weekly times (before ho
the 31st of March next), of not less
than one hundred and twentyfive "'
names at $4 per annum. p'
$I5 Cash for the next largest list of not in
less than 75 names at $4 per annum. PI
$50 Cash for the next largest list of not
less than 50 names at $4 per annum. to
$25 Cash for the next largest list of not F
less than 30 names at $4 per annm.
$15 Cash for the next largest list of not t1
less than 10 names at $4 per annumn.
$10 Caehfor the next largest list of not
less than 10 names at $4 per annum. W
WEEKLY TIMES. *
9150 Cash to any person from whom we P
receive (before the 31st of March a'
next) the largest list of subscribers S
to the Weekly Times for cune year, of
not less than fivehandrsd names, at
$125 per annum.
$125 Cash for the next largest list of nott'
less than two hundred and fifty names N
at $125 per annum.
$t5 Cash for the next largest list of notti
less than one hundred and fifty names
at $1 25 per annum.
$50 Cash for the next largest list of not
less than one hundred names at $125
per aunnm.
$25 Cash for the next larget list of not
less than iftyi names at 1 25 per au
lash lRt Aiceampnsy ic List Sent In
An account will be opened with each
person contending forthe preminums, and
names or lists received from time to
time placed to his or her credid which '
will be faoted up after 31st of March next.
Promiums awarded within thirty days
after March 31, 18756, by the Times Com
pany of St. Louis.
No saubseciptions received before De
emaber 1, 1874, nor after March 31, 1t75.
will be added to Premium lists.
" Unddt the new postal law, taking effect
January 1, 1175, the postage on newspaI
.peas is reqnired to be prepaid by the I
publishems at the time of mailing, tnhus
relieving the subscriber of the necessity
of paying at his posto8fice the quarterly
pistge as heretofore.
astage Prepald by Publishers.
Th6 unpreceedented success with which
the Timeshbas met, since its eetablish
meast, Is convincing evidence that the
peou e of the West and South, fully ap-.
prelato the eforte of a journal, which,
a lddmitonto its enterprise as a .news
paer, hasthe courage to boldly declare
,at~oRntntlY maintain the principlesi
o1 r ip "litical faith.
The publicjournal meetly deserving or
I oratle sapport is the one that, in
alltion to being a tll and faithful and
• u t advocate of Democratic prin-.
el Ab Demeooratic newspaper is the
pier for Democrats to suplport, and
seoagseeimes sought to be inculca
td 7l those wbo have n interest of their
in fd o~thg so that the people munst go
· el1 theil~ ..party organ to ",d the
_ir%"s islibslua d irrational. There
i;amrt of lneomnpatiblity whatever
tetwe the poMlitiel and non-political
~o bta l matter of news; many
ofo the pP now published throunhout
Sthe saatey n espeiarlly valnabe for
h.o i st ad. arlWty of thet.lrantel
l) sbeblg mpheio wu for the ability
:aderuestas with whiMh they chau.
theth air pardty views. liee
:ly the tty of t oel ts to limit their
newspnaper str.age to ch as are ,of
thiown way pf thulking, and uct to
sqmagesa tthets mean. es slms tis wsa e
si~stat warfare apon their establishUed
iirdedir taso ethe Times in the
ipd ofs ll: ieaiderats, and every well
'ofsthat tbhi may be
add de5i ln -the following
tfirdel arfsliets k thohs. whoi
the lm o
• in-,,t. S-v3.- ,"s .are
umqef $1. Southwest, c1 carge of a
bs8n1s
In clubs of ten or more, each sub- si
scription, by mail ................ 1 25
son
Agents Not Contending for Premitums
Wdll be allowed ten per cent commission
from the above rates, to be deducted be
fore mailing money.
Tihe Merchant and Business Mlan can. for
not ta:ke a mnore useful and valuable
newspaper thian the Times.
Latest Financial Reports correctly TI
given.
The Times, for its size, is the cheapest
paper in circulation.
The' Times gives the most complete
Local and Foreign Market Reports of any
paper in the Mississippi valley. The
Market Reports are made illp with the
greatest care. from all sources, and the
subscribers to the Times may rely upon tin
having the best. in
A first-clasIs Literary and Family paper. J,
Editorial articles upon all the current
topics of the day. inu
The Agriculturist will always find the Iii
Times it paper suited to his wants. r.ri
Support your own newspaper. Ne
Now is the time to subscribe for the of
Times. ge
Subscribers to the Times should send ti
their money, by postoflice order or ex- va
press, to the address of
TIMES COMPANY, ch
St. Louis Mo. frl
mri
WILD OATS.
PROSPECTUS FOR 1876. R
11l!
Champion American Comic Paper ! tri
-I
Illustrated by a corps of the best Ameri- en
can artists, and contributed to by the ye
most popular humorists and satirists of lit
the day. th
Wild Oats now enters successfully up- F.
on the sixth year of its existence, and in
has become the established humorous and Ci
satirical paper of the country. It was
started and continued the first year as a St
monthly, then, to satisfy the demand of sa
the public, it was changed to a fortnight- in
ly. Still continuing its good work of ar
hitting folly as it flies, and showing up pi
the political and social shams by its el
masterly cartoons and pungent editorials, ci
it achieved even greater success than D
before, and was recognized as thi. ablest
and brightest of its class. Since then we
have yielded still further to the public A
demand, and now publish Wild Oats s
B weekly! It has literally grown into its a
present shape on its intrinsic merits, be- w
,t mg the first successful weekly humorous ti
paper ever published in this country. tl
Among the artists especially engaged
to furnish illustrations for Wild Oats are DI
Frank Bellew, Thomas Worth Hopkins, C7
Wales, Shelton, Wolf, Jump, Keettels, n,
Stuekhardt, Day, Poland, and several ol
others who are yet known to fame. A
t In its literary departments Wild Oats tl
will, as it always has, stand alone and p
unapproachable. At least one first-class i
serial story will always be found in its p
Spages, by the best humorous, satirical, Ir
h and character writers in the United
r States; while its sketches and squibs p
g will be sparkling, original and pointed. Il
t Wild Oats will be first-class in every N
particular, and on this account may be
t taken into the best families without fear
as or suspicion, as no word or illustration
will appear that can offend the most fas
u tidious.
as ' SHend for a Sample Copy and
Convince Yourselves.
5 SUBSCRIPTION PRICE:
One Year..................... $4 00
l- Six Months..................... 2 00
Three Months................. 1 00
Single Copies.................. 10
SAny person sending uIs a clun of five 1
to subscribers for one year will receive a
Scopy gratis.
t Address,
ys COLLINS & SMALL.
S Publishers, 113 Fulton Street, N. Y.
r, EVERY LADY ShOULD TAKE IT.
PeTEBRSO'S 9N'1GAZIN,
'l THE CHEAPEST AND BEST IN
THE WORLD.
b- Postage Pre-Paid on all Subscriptions.
This popular Monthly Magazine gives
more for the money than any in the
r world. For 1876, it will be greatly im
lepved. It will contain One Thousand
SPes. Fourteen Splendid Steel Plates,
: Twelvo Colored Berlin Pattenls, Twelve
' Mammoth Colored Fashions, Nine Hun
*n dred Wood c uts, Twenty-Four Pages of
in- Music. All this will be given for only
ie Two Dollars a year postage prepaid by
the publisher, or a dollar less than Mag
asines of the class ~ f "Peterson." Its
oTHRILLING TALES AND NOV
ELTIES
er Are the best published anywhere. All
sl the most popular writers are employed
7 to write originally "Peterson." In 187.,
at in addition to the snual quantisy of short
for storieas. Five Original Copyright Novel
- etts will be given, by bMrs. Ann 8. Ste
it phens, Frank Lee Benedict, Jane 0. Aus
- tin Marietta Holley and Daisy Ventnor.
ist MAMMOTH COLORED FASHION
of PLATES
SAhead of all others. These plates are
t engaved on steel. Twice the usual size,
and are unequaled for beauty. They
will be apperbly colored. Also House
e hold and other receipts; in short, every
thing interesting to ladies
SSUPERB PREMIUM ENGRAVING!
To every peson getting up eitler of
¶the following cle ;lor 1875 will be sent
Sgrmtat, a copy of our new and splendid
u eittiatfor farmuing, (size 21 inhes by
S6j, *'WashintesenI'a First interview with
HEis WfitB. Thlis is a Five Dollar Enagr.
r ring, and the meet deuitable premum
Severlfeed d r large cl.bs, as will be
seeRn below, an extra copy of Mazazine
will be seat in additon.
'tEIMS (Always in Advance) $2,00
, Coe fo-...-. ,....---- 8
k .
". n: I.*'#i~~?~ F 1
It ` ~iC·31
superb mezzotint. .n":ldington's Iirst
interview With His Wife," to the per
son getting up the Club.
Address, post-paid.
CHARLES J. PETERSON,
306 Chesnut street, Pa.
Jagh Specimens sent gratis if written
for.
THEIBEST PAPER. TRY IT.
POSTAGE FREE.
Beautifully Illustrated. A;
whl
The SCIENTrIFIC AMERICAN now in tha
its 30th year, enjoys the widest circnla
tion of any weekly newsl,aper of the kind
in the world. A new volumne commences
January 4, 1575.
Its contents embrace the latest and most
interesting information pertinting to ithe
Industrial, Mechanical, ani 8cientiti Pro
gress of the World; l)..seriptions, with .a
Hllautifuil Engravilngs, of New Inventions, sho
New Processes, andl iproved Ilndulstries t
of all kinds; Useful Notes, Reci pes, Snag
gestions and Advire, hy Practical Writers,
i'for Workmen ind Employers in all the H
various arts.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN is the
cheapest and best illustrated weekly pa
per published. Every number contains
from 10 to 15 original engravings of new
machinery and novel inventions.
ENGKAVI'GS, illustrating Improve
ments, Discoveries, and lmnprtant Works,
pertaining to Civil and Mechanical Engi
necering, Milling. Mining ancd Metalltrgy;
Records of the latest progress in the Ap
plications of Steam, Steam Engineering,
Railways, Ship Building, Navigatite.
Telegraphy, Telegraph Engineering, Elec
tricity, Magnetism, Light and Heat.
FA'lMERS, Mechanics, Engineers,
Inventors, Manufacturers. Chemists, Lov
ers of Science, Teachers, Clergymen, Law
yers, and People of all Professions, will
f find the SCIENTIFis AaMERICAN useful to
them. It should have a place in every
Family, Library, Study, oflice, and Count- A
I ing Room; in every Reading Room,
I College, Academy or School. Tl
A year's numbers contain 83? pages and
SEVt:R:AL HuxDR:ED Ei.onRVIxGs Thou
f sands of volumes are perserved for bind
.ug and reference. The practical receipts
f are well worth ten times the subscription
p price. Terms $3 20 a year by mail, in
s cluding postage. Discount to Clubs Sjpe
, cimens sent free. May be had of all News
u Dealers.
SPATENTS. In onnetion with
C AMERICAX, Messrs. MUNN & Co. are
e Solictors of American and Foreign Patents,
r and have the largest estblishment in the
t- world More than fifty thousand applicaa SC
5 tions have been made for patents through
their agency.
d Patents are obtained on the best terms ex
' Models of New inventions and sketches sal
3, examined and advice free. A special Sc
9, notice is made in the Scientific American the
l of all Inventions Patented through this eft
Agency, with the name and resident of Iel
s the Patentee. Patents are often sold in he
(1 part or whole, to persons attracted to the its
tS invention by such notice. Send for Di
ti Pamphlet, 110 pages, laws and full di
I, rections for obtaining Patents.
d A4dress for the Paper, or concerning
i Patents, Muxx & Co., 37 Park Row
d. N. Y. Brach Office, cor. F and 7th Sts.
r7 Washinton, D C.
e Jany 11875.-lv
it gr
)n or
a- JOURNAL OF tic
rd AGRICLLTIRK AND FARMER,
A Weekly for Farm, Or-tr
chard and Family Circle.
00 The Weekly Journal and Farmnner is a k
10 consolidation of the monthly Journal of
Agriculture and the Weekly Missouri
e Fanrmer, is now the greatest leading popu
a lar Farm and Fireside paper of the
Southwest.
Its departments are conmplete and ably
edited. The Grange is a leading feature,
and this department is always full of is
good things contributed by the nmembers p
- of the Order. The ladies are heard ni
thlrough the columns devoted to their in- ac
terests, and many hints of hIousehold se
utility and good advice can be gleaned at
Sby those who wi ishi to become ornaments yt
in their homes and by their tiresides.
All classes will be instructed by reading h:
thie Journm of Agriculture and Farmer, an
and no fatnily should be without it. Its ye
MARKET REPORTS h
are complete, authentic and reliable, and
the papelr is worth the subscription price
is alone to get its markets, fresh and relia
ble every week.
Send for it I Read it! Take its ad- b
vice, and it will pay you. i
tn- Men and women, boys and girls, old '
md and young, give, the Journal of Agrieul
, tnre and FIarmer a trial for one year,
ve and see if you have not umade a good inu-.
in- vestment. It is a large 8 page, 48 column e
of weekly Agricultural, Grange and Fami
ly Newspaper, and is free from politiedl S
by and religious discussions, and its chaste
g- and well written pages makes it a wel
come visitor in thousanids of househollds
y. in the great Mississippi Valley.
Club agents wanted, to whom liberal
terms will be given. We want agents
All in every town and village. h
ed Send for specimen copy free, and we
ask that yon send as the names of your
t friends, so that we maiy send them spe
nSubseription price, $2.00 perannum; a
clubs of 5 or more, $1.50 eachli. Postage,
us- 15 cents mttIst be sent with each name, a
or. as we prepay every paper sent out. c
)N Address t
CHEW, CORDELL & CO., e
are 310 North Sixth Street, '
St. Louis, Mo.
WHITEWATERWA00
ALSO SPI AND DEMOCRAT WAGONS.
Whre we haw noAgents
we will sell dirvt to parties
ldesiin the~ Pice and
d~eeeripiol~fuisonishd.Otoap
S. TheWhitewater
o~ots a trjfle more than or8i
arwuagnobut i the
nWi mRwz': na
-00 tlstuhsl cir~~at
W9~ WANT AN AGENT INF
EVERY COUNTY
-IN THE
UNITED STATES! P
OVI
-n-o---- v
Gold Coin! $1,000.00 in Gold !
Gold tilt
--0oo- -l
We Challenge the World, l
And will forfeit $1,000 to any person wlho e. produnce a remedy which will prove J
by actual test, anmore speedy, certa in .iand efct. l curt for all 1ins and Aches of.
whatever form, external and internal, acute or chronic, deep-seated or otherwise
. Dr. Radoliffs Great Remedy,
Seven Seals or Golden WONDER
We lhave had this chlIlenge of $1,000 prominently displayed in all our Cireulars
and Newspaper Advertisements, fbr the lasit four years, and not taken, which of
alows the supeior e xcellence of our Remedy over all other. For External or In- sk
levimad use. Cc
| I S.t will Effect a Speedy Cure in all Cases of
Headache, Neuralgia, Toothache, Sprains, Bruises.
Flesh Wounds, Burns, Colic, Cramp, Cholera -
Morbus, Flux, [)iarrhoea, Bronchitis. Catarrh,
coughs, colds, Inflammatory Rheuma- TI
tism, Asthma, Phthisic, Heartburn, Ti
Indigestion, Summer complaint,
Pains in Side, Back or Loins,
Piles, Ringworm, Felons,
Stings of Insects, Bites of
Venomous Serpents,
and Especially Ru
' matism.
A POWERFUL REMEDY Which is taken Internally by ANY ONE.
--0o---
This celebrated medicine is beyond a doubt the greatest discovery in Medi
cal Science known to the wold. Its action is at once felt; its wonder
ful cures are instantaneous; in fact it literally demolishes pain.
S--oo
EQUALLY GOOD FOR MAN OR BEAST.
0 -00- to
;REMEMBER WE GUARANTEE EVERY BOTTLE.
of
No Cure, No Pay!
Try it, and be Convinced.
--oo
-----00--
SSOURCE OF HAPPINESS TO MILLIONS OF SUFFERING HUMANITY. Ai
hw
During the past four years the wonderful success of this Great Remedy has far ci
Sexcededed onr most sanguine expectations; thousands have been cured, and thou. e
: sands have found out from actual experience that Dr. Radcliff's Great Remedy,
SSeven Seals or Golden Wonder, is the Most Wonderful Pain Destroyer in Existence, re
n the Most Expedious, Safe and powerful Remedy known in the World. Cures are A
Seffected almost Instantly, as if by Maic. Thousands of certificates have been re
Sceived from all parts of our broad land, unsolicited and unasked for, speaking in 1
Sheartfelt and universal praise of this Great Remedy, from personal knowledge of ni
Sits almost miraculous powers in curing the most obstinate and protracted cases of r
SDiseases. w
-----OO---- b
$1,000 Profit in Four Months! 1,872 One Dollar Bottles 8old !
READ TIS: al
I.. tO
Scott Town, Lawrence County, Ohio.
Messrs. KENNEDY & CO.-Dear Sirs: At this late hour I will inform you of the ri
great benefit I received from the use of Dr. RadelitlPs Great Remedy, Seven Seals el
or Golden Wonder, after being confined to my bed for eight years with a complica
tion of diseases,viz: Dyspepsia. Bronchitis, Palpitation of tihe Heart, Pain in the n
Right Side, with General Debility, for which I tried the skill of our home physi
cians, also a doctor of New York City, and two of Pittsburgh, and one in the ti
northern part of Ohio. Took enough patent medicines to swim i-all to no Aur
pose. At length I was induced to try Dr. Radlelits sevu Beats or Golden WGonder. v
I sent and got six fifty cent bottles, andl before using it all found myself able to a
travel in a huggy. Thook the aunucy for its sale last April, four months ago, a.d a
have sold thirteen gross, or 1,8c2 bottles, up to this date, Aigust 20th, 1872, and
expect fromt the growing demand to sell ten thousand (10,000) bottles in the next I
year. Gentlemen, if you think this worth using you can do so, as I ant generally h
known over three counties as a man of great atiliction. H. J. DARLING. a
Yours Respectfully,
A REMEDY FOR HARD TIMES. TRY IT.
FOR THIS GREAT REMEDY WE WISH YOU TO ACT AS OUR AGENT.
ly- 0 0---O ---- " .
. Dear Sir :-The above fully explains the articles we wish to sell. Thus business
f is honorable, and by being energetic, will pay you well. It is our desire to ap
r point an agent in every county in all parts of the United States and Canada, grant
I nig to each the exclusive right to sell every bottle sold in the county. Should you
- accept the agency for one or more counties, you shall have the exclusive right to
I sell every bottle sold in your county, as long as you continue to act as our agent,
d and all orders which we may receive from your territory shall be turned over to
t your account.
. This Wonderful Remedy, Seven Seals or Golden Wonder, sells rapidly in the
i hands of the right kind of men, and we want none other. Now if you think you I
, are the man for the work, forward your order, name your county, and go to work; I
t you can sell a gross in a few days, without a doubt. We have one man who buys t
on an average three gross per week, and his orders are increasing rapidly, and he a
has a small county, (Berks Co., Pa.) He writes that he expects to sell one gross 1
per day, at retail, the coming season, not counting wholesale. You have the priv- 1I
diege of selling wholesale or retail, or putting it on commission with druggists, or C
selling by sub-agents. This business is worth the attention of good men and men [
of capital. Should you make but reasomable wages-say $100 per ntouth for the
first three ipouths (many make more)-you would nevertheless be establishing a
business that would pay you largely in the end.
Agents are doing better with our Remedy than anything else they ever took
hbld of. Why is this ? Because the Remed3 does just as we say, and our agents
I can warrant every bottle. No cure, no pay. Knowing that we baake all losses
good, should they be called on to redeem a bottle, agents run no risk of loss.
Seven Seals or Golden Wonder is put up in $1,00 and 50 cent bottles, elegantly
finished in neat and appropriate wrappers, and packed in nice boxes, one dozen ia
each box.
2 To druggists our scale of prices are-Large size, $1.00 bottles, per dozen, 68.00
small size. 50 cent bottles, per dozen, $4.50.
We give special terms to our County Agrents at such figures that they can sell
to druggists and country stores at the aove price and make a handsome profit.
We also give an
Extra Premium to Agents!
In order to have live, energetic men to take hold of the busan6ss at once, we
have concluded to give free gradts to each and every agent a present of a lnsuldsom.,
e fime
ur Coin Silver Hunting Watch, Free,
Beautifully entraved, and correct time-keeper, worth '20,00, and a certificate of
n agency givingOLE CONTROL of such county as the agent may select (not al
, ready taken); and, furthermore, all orders coinig from such counties as the agent
, may select, will be sent back %y us to the agent to be filled-in fact we give sole
control of such counties as long as the agent continues in the business. Remember,
the Premium Watch is given gratis to the agents. We take tjmis plan to have our
Great Remedy quickly and thoroughly lutroduced. Let us hear from you at your
earliest convenience, and secure your county at once, before being taken by some
one else. Remember, this offer is open for a short time only.
[a. A Small Capital Required to Run a Large Paying Buinese.
The capital required is very small, and the profits from it will fully equal that of
thousands of merchants who have invested a large capitaI in their business. Hun
dreds in all parts of the country are making from $1 500 TO $5,000 A YEAR.
And hundreds more will date their success from accepting our liberal offer at this
time. Auy one willing to work for success can force it, but those who believe that
it can be had from idleness are not the kind of men we want to push our businees.
We want
A LI YE, ENERGETIC AGENT.
As one such is worth a dozen who expect a businees to push itself. We have spent
in pushing our business ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS.
It has paid us todo it, and it pays our agents, as it advertises it thouroughly in
every 8tate, County and Township in the United States-not only for us, but for
the Agent Remember, this is a life business and that every year it grows larger
and larger.
We will send to parties contemplating to act as our Agents a SAMPLE DOZEN
BOTTLES securely packed with our difierent Posters, Bills, Show Cards, Terms, etc.,
UPON THE RECEIPT OF $2.50. And all sending $2.50 for Sample Dozen, we
will send free of charge. Samples of our Eight Elegant Chromes, entitled:
SGood Morning! Good Night! Feeding the I Mother's (M .! Out
of the Frying Pan ! Be Peep! I Reding tke Bible I F5rt Lesse n
I If you want your coun let us know .s soon a conveniet as the territory may
Sbe taken, We would be pleased to have parties who conen plate taking an agen.
ey, to send for Sample ?ackage of this wonderful Remedy before engaging largely
ia the business.
REAI1MBERB, WE (ARAANTR)M AYf VE BOTTLE.
NO OURE ! NOuPAY "
SWith the.. suggestions we leave the matter with you. We do Dot wish you to
engage nu pes you will fllow the business s_ a businese, and really desire to make
emoney. We want nn, but honeateonaentltons aEma. Tersuch we will guarantee
+ Q ri+s ...l........... .Pa.
:- + PhaaI+s.et. Ii h .+ o .... this + *rtA:s-eut
VICIK'S
FLORAL GUIDE
F'or 1876.
I'IUBLISHED QUARTERLY. JANl',A
ry Number just issued, and contains ui
over 100 Pages, 500 Engraving, deserip- e,
tions of more than .500 of our hest Florw
ers a,,d l 1getablcs, with directions for cl- ci
ture, Colored Plate, etc. The mnct use.
ful and elegant work of the kind in the
world. Only 25 cents for the year. Pub- of
lished in English and ctiernllll. t
Address, .JAME1S VICK, K
Jan. 16-ly. Rochester, N. Y.
ALL PAPERS QUOTE FROn IT! !
THE
Detroit Free Press.
The liveliest of family newspapers, full c;
of interesting news, literature, humorous t
sketches, spicy par;.r..raph, etc. Sample
Copies free. Subscription $1 00 a year, nm
post-paid.. Address tl
DETROIT FREE PRESS. C'
Detroit, Mich.
a]
NEW YORK TRIBUNE I!
The Leadiing Ameician Newspaper.
TIHE BEST ADVERTISING MEDIUM1; .
Daily, $10.00 a year; Semi-Weekly, of
$3.00; Weekly, $2.00 cl
POSTAGE FREE TO THE SUBSCI- el
BER. l
Specimen copies and advertising rates
free. Weekly, in clubs of :10 or more,
only $1.00, postage paid. Address
THE TRIBUNE,
New York.
ARTHlUR'S ILLUSTRATED
HOME MAGAZINE
FO01 1876.
Bright, cheerful, progrtesive, always up
to the advancing thought of the turnes.
The Home Magazine takes rank with the
leading and most intluential ieritOlicals
of the day. It is on the side of tenql'r
;nce and tritue christian morality. What.
ever is hurtilul it condemnla without
fear or favor, and makes itself felt in the
homes of the people ias ia power for good.
The Great Hlousehold Magazine of
America, is more thoroughly ideutitied
with the people in their home and so
r cial life than any other periodical in the
coUlltr''.
"Dehorah N.;rmarn; her work and her
reward." A new serial story by T. S.
Arthur will lie colmmenced in January.
"FIFTY YEARS AGO; or the cabins
, of the West," by Rosella Rice. We an
*f nounce this new series of articles with
f real p!easure. knowing as we do that it
will be among the most attractive that
we shall offer our readers next year.
Miss Rice, besides holding the pen of a
ready writer. has in her possession a large
amount of original material friln which
to draw, and a witie acqulaintalinee with
people whose personal reminiscelnce are
e rich with pioneer incidents and experi
elices.
"Homes for the People," a series of ald
u mirably suggestive articles on homes and
i- how to make them pleasault and attrac
le tive, by Mrs E. B. lUniftey.
"Thie Story Teller." This dlepartmentil
will be unusually rich. Besides an
0 abundauce of .bort stories, two or three
serials will be given during the year.
S"Pilpsissiway' Potts the inimitable de
t Ilmeator of Ihotme life aund chareter, will
have an article in every tIllnber.
lButteriek's nllewest pattcrns for ladies'
and childrens'cdresse.s are givei by spe
ci:l arratngemnent every month.
The Mothers' Department will be care
fully editetd and have suggestive alrticles
fronl our best anlid most experiencled wri
ters.
lThe Housekeepers' Departmenlt will be
full llld p1,ractical, aInd ciOltai anuLy COl-t.
tributions front experienced housekeep
" The Lion in Love' and "The Interrnp
ted Relader," two large and splendid lipre
mtium engravings. One of these is sett
free to every subscriber.
$ "2 50 a year is the price of ARTHUR'S
nILLUSTRATED HtOMIE MAGAZINE.
SIn clubs; 3 copies for $6; ; and one ex
Stra to the getter up of the club $12. 10
eand oie extra $20. (i 15 cents tillst
Sbe added to eachl snbseriptioi for pre
- laymelt of postage for the year. Spe
Scimet lnnubers 15 eetltnts, in currency or
Spostage stanlps.
S T. 8. ARTHUR & S0O,
Philadelphia, Pa.
SWILLIAMS' MOWER A REAPER
i- SEIPLE, BIRGE & CO,.
S1 Southl Mainstlet, ak Lous
e ETERT FARMER II1S OWN IIILLEL
CHALLENGE FEED MILL8
-fCombined
n- HELLER AD BIT DEN
hi ithOeses 1e.dsel. .
S HE DBOS, PATEINT.,
EN Wot1ImmmaOwin w Gw1I
kwe a iTea ,J.u.s.
PInau, WBOuS &Ae.,
£uEleast e polemeswasw elpmle
~-- L u~or f5T.l~r AI4S
WHIY YOU SIIOULI TAKE'
THE CINCINNATI ENQUIRER,
It is the People's paper, devoted ti
their interests and welare.
It is an impartial friend to all umet a8n.
mIeasures that ,wQlefit the country.
It is flhe enemy of :all men anid meeas
tres that seek only lperson:l gain at the
epsllse of the country 's wl hitr.
Its editorial columns are for the espe
cial purpose of exposing Ile fr'inde of
governellnt oflicials, andll I;ws couched
in langttge altulatted to deceive the n.
derst:lartilng, andll ake plain to its read
ere the imotives, calses antll ettCet5 of
general and szpecial legislative acts.
Its nIews colnlll i cot:iitl the latest
news and intelligetnce tihat can be obtain.
oed from the ftonr quarters of the globe,
by meInlls of the telegraph, mnails and
correspondelnce.
Its agrilultural colnumns ar the Ley$
:adapted to tihe wantls (of trltuears, all l1
wholn are invited to give their experi.
lice anld results of new ideas and ex
perimenlt of all kinds of iuimprlveluent
calculated to advance the farmning it
t res s.
One Issue of the Enquirer contaig
noure solid informatiou and intelligence,
thle can be had fiomn fifty of the so call.
ed literary papers. None can lay aside
the Enquirer without ad:Iitting a valan
able addition to his or her stock of knoel
edge.
Its malrket reports have for years beet
acknowledged ats the Ilnot collhlete and
reliable published. and of great valut to
Stock I)ealers, Producers and Traae.
wmen generally.
It has depal tmebht and reading for the
old and the young. For the f:uuily scr
cle and the countiltg ltuise- For the jn.
chant and nmechanic-1Fi thle famer anad
stock dealer, and for hidies and pAtih
ienU of every calling and station In life.
Its terms are low as any first clamas
per can be printed for, and the quality
and quanltity of reading matter used not
excelled by any other paper.
Try it. for this year. A .Chromo for
every $2.(1 Subscrilber. Send your sub.
scrijption direct to the office.
R. R.R.
RADWAY'S READY RELIEF
CUIES TlHE WOORSt PAIRS
In from One to Twenty Mlnutes,
NOT ONE HOUR
maerroedingthlsadvertiseen naet eM say
rL'FFEr WITH PAIN.
IADWAYS READY RELIEF IS A CURl I&L
EVERT PAIN.
It wasthe trstand s
The Only Pain Renaedy
that Inltantly top tbemoeeaterneiia.ng aite, a.e
Intlanmauw, and cures in:gstimns. wheiher t
Lungs, itonlach, IBowel, oroiber glamiar s erg, by
eSappaleaioa.
IN FRo oM 0 TO TWENTY xuINUI,
oe matter how volest or exruciating hei tor
RHEKUMATIC, el.ridden. Infirm, t:nppl.e. Itrmae,
letera3lk , ae proeat .d wlit dleane ma. se r,
RADWAY'S READY REIUE
4 WILL AFFORD INSTANT EASPL
INFAMMATION OlW TIR KIDNEYS.
INILAMMATIO)N OF THIlE 3
ILAMMATION 14o4 THE BOWELS.
CONGESTION OP THil Los
I013 THROAT, DIFFICULT BBRlATIIIO.
PALPITATIO I or THIs 3i3B.
TITERIWC, CDOUr, DIIPHTERIA.
CATARRI, IIUnSLmUI
READACRE, TOOTHA;ic.
NKURAUAIIA, REUMnI.
COLD CHILL, AGU CHILLS.
Theapplicationoftbe Ready Rlletht.lhepe
pas. wberetepaiu or diDiculty lsaUwilld
and Cormlor.
Twenty dropeiahalfatumbler of water w"ma
ImuearCmmrO HCAMPI,IIPASMd.SOURSTUUAIl
ARTURN, SICK IIADACIEi, 0510A1O.,
RNTRY COLIC WIND I TI 1s W
andall I UrY NAL PAIS .
Travelersm ieldd salays m url a bll d
way's Readv elollef w thnem. Al, e
llwlst. °pbelte FtYe $ .
" FPVEY= AND AIGU
HEALTHI BEAUTY!l
STRONG ANTD ? fo RICH CoelStO'-i I
sado li Aeue. dll nrr ulrlo -I. tBonhit
OFFY'lll~I ANDI WKIOiT-Ggl IIIIT-LA S
sDR. RADWAY'S8aW
Oh THIS TIUIL WOIDi~Ui II DIE
I }U ay a s A lls. in U l ::
anWlVi tis Seln utFel
sardother s Flui adjui of thss .thvlrsl
mmd NmorlnL tI O rofi rubISII ._ £ "ma
Na OeSslerIladesdoiserom t4N
thewor fomes of StI..eeans Rroplesr new
witthests iOeces btteu ret. ,o ,
w amew f Ner err- .medorro* 1
oseal addg UIeaein iroro l souq
SDR . hADilWAloi. e nd e ,oo-d I -d
toile wllellrsa Sd A.lt
Bd ntes ,ar gho tira se eu .ar .inaeng
lui, odnt. ol, Sf is h
s oon Wood de.r P +s
uloe rl nioasis __r n
Maeop.et , B **ir*lh. &
whtueslk, oh rsam e r5djiAUIM ISN*
AND r~blraiMNAu M Ierr
jjL~d(~sc~tI33r5~b ~ L oto·C.3·,
wnM"·CcalLc