(be ftoptCle 'iaýirntatIr.
w. 1 i
A J iH. COSCROVt r
1 Iuare .f. 1n 1 0i 111 4i 'v jip 150 OhI :0 011 II
j 1II " " *
4 scqzar'e - -
91f3""'f f 1, Oi f 1 .) 0
SnI* )ll pfff. '1 ' 1ý,111 nn . f. ,)11 1-i. . , . q u1- - , , ,,,..(Tm --.
dnrlip ~TI, 11 ,1 nI H WEL AI .1' OF T 4lE PEOPLE 1S THIfFu SUPIE11 E LAW. et
S. ar . .0 " . I . N I ;, I 0 o l, ))' io ni ......... ......1
S". Official Organ of the White Citizens of Red River, Sabine, 1Winn and Natchitoches Parishes. ( .. :
1l rA ,t 15 i i W F llA A t t it I i, nt t 0l .ran
r3 illr' . I";it. 111,10-0 11,11 0 L . H t. i 1 ,1 , 1 .. . .. +
1uent in rrt i . l il l I n Al1t a.
I al;re" 'm+++ '2 1 n1 .~ I,,I 'I:+' ,,JI +sI~ m . . . ll rn i\T'l "F- (}cr.qt...i Ih' . .. .. .. .. ..I ,
BUSI NESS DIR.ECORY
" T
A- -M.11E.t--W\.,lrl nd Ial.l.ith \\1 ',k the
r.. Chjrn h Stlre.Nt. - I.. l . l. . l)' - 111
4 lINl-The 1Nw StaInd-htr lIh1 ' t,
A . Fine Vin s. W i llo", '" ialdl 'ia'ls... , t 'l
i. - +I , ,,tlarallt, St ie i t, .
.t,.,.,t. -_.- - the
I\'En 1' 'l' .'i4l.:I-Ine 'I', tl' ) tlli
I 11 144 t 1 1' 'h lint t 'II
St li to l
l1111
: L (11\1) iI'II ,. 11I- .I\i.E-W tI , rk aa; il teII
. i l- l,4k++ iiii , . "(' MrIr al a St i S . timt i
(1 I' 1 . Pn ( 1(' .1 \i 'BEl 1.-M r'haI r iseand ;till
) l. 1 ~ i I-, .N1' t> S t r il.'1 N 111'
C ) t(Irllt ,; Lw, \"a ht-Itia 'i n . I. i , t . li. t ,
11 y ,\'I, I. V , -FIrtnil )1 ro teriel , li' Ill.4
t 1 11ral I rtha ni , ' foI nt lr "'t . il
_ . - ___
J . frmi" s ant (trnt rsd rl,.' , . I ,' thl.
U- I-- I " -+ i 't-r ,rý i ,t, -- ..... ,it,.rr t
. RITES -Bfoot and Shoes mail uul repair- ill
(. ed, St I)Pnis Street., Iul
GFJr(;E W. KERXV'"'".'".hrd ant N,1- tý)!
tary Public, ('o rt l u" ". id -tr . li
I -R%' GINI 'IS-('Charter Oak kStove. alnd
I Tinware. Fron.t n St r,'t.
KAFFEE...hryolods and ;rr,.c iis', Frout 11i
* s'treet. "_
H- Pry hood aInd (;ito',erii'i. F'ront ;tlrleet . lIil
ARRIS JAFA - 11411ry1 Gloods anI d rlll crit s, Il h
Front street. (t._
-pgPRY.. Survivor St. Denims tt"'et, lth
J MON-. inton ,rtrele',t.
T + O'l.\4--rv, (ioo lind Groceries, illlow
I. the lirt bridge, .Intlh rfln Strelit. --C
JOHN RUSCA-Dr'v Goo'l al1 Gr'eeril. l l.
bi low the Dirt bridlge. .Jit't r.on Str',,,t. li
TNO.GEN'OE & C O --Dry Gul,lls andll (;rocerie', ill
J Wahington street. 1
TJAS. GENIS--Drv (onnd .1nlll ( Ilroieri'esl, ,or- or
1 ner Jeflerson and Amulllelt Streets .
J WSUDDATI--The Phoenix--Ihoice Li
I qgnor and ('igar_. St. Denis StIl','t.
TAS. M. B. TUCKERl-Alttorlley at ,Law St. tl
)Denis Street.
TA5. KING.--Watchmaker and Jewel'erSt. St.
D Denis street. i.(
J N DUNCKLia s·AX--HIarness and Saddlery, ty l
"'  ashingto n streelt. "
t C. TRICIIEL--General .'lc l,'rtulr1.inL.WIs'W I' t
J Iugton street.
J DTT('ATS-E-ti'n'ral Assortment iof MIr- 01
*J hllandize, \Vas1thiniton lstreet.
H. STEPlENS-Lmle'ir Ylrld. iltr'ectiint
J. Prollt, Lafayett'e and Wa\iin :ton str.ets.'.
.T . MrCOlh)K-(l-enerll 'Vih.1ah1'4l1and 1:et11 1
*i 1aler landsile Agent for Wa iluln, Washl
og .l street. C
J A. DECOURN.l'-1'an'v and Stspl Dry ti
' (;olds, Dhoity, 'hoes, IH ts it. an Clothin ,
heat street . .
LI- EL-XT he 'T Th m Ilar i-In., chir,',
lTine', Liqluori alind Cl':'s. Fron n t nreot. (
g¢Y k PHII,LIPS-FIIl stlck Faiicv a0n1,1
SS taplle Dry Giool4s and th;.l,'er ihs,lFrln st. t.
DUPLEIX-.-LandI Agent, S'. Penis str eet.
[ORSB it DRA G{UET'-Atto'rneys at Law.
n S4stroet, corner Trndan,
,I HR. CARVER-Dry Gol,Ios, ,Groeries and
l. General Mer-hanuliz,, Flout street.
-SCRHA-FIIFA'r.11-Boot andi Shoe Mlaker,
.J." St. Penis Street.
'O CAPMAR'TIN--1onneral na.Mrtment of
) Goodsll of a1ll kindls, Jettlersotn cstre't
PD EULEMAN - Undertaker, Washingtln
" Ltreet.
. POETE.--Baker, .Jefflrson street.
P. VETL1E (.t.\N---Flamily and Plantatioh
. Groceries, Washington street.
B S.CALVES.--Dentit, JefiTeroon street
S E. BtRKE-Clicpn FaImily and Weost4rn
. Grocery Dealer, Front street.
P. HUTSON--Livery, Sale and Feed Stable,
AL* 8t. Denin Street.
O NELKINS- )ryvGooIl ant (lrocIriOs, Jeff
J erson Street, below Dirt bridge.
SWINBIARCrG-Geonoral Merchbandl . P1 a1n
Statlon and Frmily Slipplies, Fr,_.t Street.
T" PONS.-IDry Goods 1nd GrocCries, Wash
, LACOSTE-Druggist andt Apothlcalr', Frolit
s .L Itreet.
. HALLER.--nRek's Brilliant Stores and
*Tinware, Washingtonl Street.
' I BARNET..---Dry Goods 8and Grocerles,Front
*. street.
f TAUZIN--Blliatr d RooIm and Bar. Front
J*Street.
. SOCH1MAN-- WhOsal sandI Rntalil Ier
.L*hant-goneral assortment for tho tr:lde
lIoait Sheet.
'W H JACK..-Attorney at Law. 2d street,
M. DO~ST-Boot and Shoe Maker, St. Denis
St. Denis Street.
ý" W. .UN NIN''J)" G nJI'IId,
ATTORNEY A T LA W.
44 Carondet Street, NEW ORLEANS, LA.
WILL attend the .Tune and December terms;
1V ot the Districts courts at his old home
M&Ateches, La.
60RSE & DRANGUET,
ATTORlfEy8 AND COUNSELORS AT
LAW.
moeeon Lecond Street,
ay 2 1. TCHITOCHES, LA.
WTsinl. E. Jaaok,
(8uccessor to JAcx & Pluseol)
Attoarpq and Counselor at Law
S NATCHITOCHES, LA.
ILL practice in the Courts of Natchitoches.
a &bine, DeSeto, Red River, Winn, Rapides,
areataud In jth Sprea. ;art of the
1 >pl 3L p p Zado
*ORNEY AT LAW.
'h moed the Practice of his Profession.)
. "WLprietlce i" the Parish and District
"v `Cm.ts of Natchltoches and Red River,
e rr Court of Louisiana, United States Dis.
i tCi te Court of Louisiana and U. S.
Clowe at Washington.
At tsidence on Second St. .,
S U tCHITOCHES, LA.
Republican "Bulldizing." iNeil
N. ). Pic'ay '. 1)l'l1
The almunut of interest which st11
the average Northern Iclplblictn Ittic
.ournalist continues to takl in thet is
ntlhirs of the Sothern1 pelope is
positively astoiishiing. Note ith- terl
standing the approvtal whiclih 1many cV
of these uthlitl ities have given to )li
the President's policy of mindini hgr
his own lusiness, it s&iics tselehss 1(er
to hope that our hepliellianl co(n-ri
tem'lllralris Will 11illow his ex
ample, The litCepi ican press
teeins with whlolle loiins of s"tll'
about Souithern all'airs, varying inl
c h aira c te r fro ml ht ntlc v <)h nt s tir- ter n
fine;
pidity to malicious and 'venal tel
t1 isrelpreselltation. It' they w 1)11)11 "
only try to retmember the itilnth .l,
co)llll;l~ltdnenl t s)llnctillnes, )or' if din
those who are disposed to tell the Ill'
truth wouhld only sho\\ a disllw i. - º.'
tioI to ge('t S i)l1' lr' ml)te hulnder' \ it
standing of the fats, f'ormtak- in((
ini' tlheir silly (mnlllill ts and draw- i,
ing their shallow lillt d false con- ,., ,
(lusions, their would he less calI :'
fItorcomjldl aint. A ijournal whi h l )i tI
finds a l tiniu'ry interest in sit
syistemaitie ilsl reli se :oll tati tn p t tll h
tiihis itestiot antital do mor'e in.jury Ce.
till sowing the seeds of nrrlr al l w it l
priudice a1 i' ll 1' its l'eaetltti's thanll ti f(II
paper of twir'e its ability and pop- ta
ularity cans (repir t. s toi tllt0 t .,
their time and hjro\\din their (01- 1li
ienus oith driceling "ladllice to si
the Southern peole," and with '1"I
iatnronizingsut'.,esi t t Iollhe ("ov- c
-errors of Solthllr n States, in r'
tetgard to the manner ofdlitscl i1argin1' thi
their duties, t ecn these are not cIst
Sincent. They are based, ;1'en. .ni
(rally, u1)0n il1tp'rft'ct kilocwtgh e hlt
of trt111 tll' pa' dcl u s1, t111 11 read- ( t,u
ers are 1n ished into similar igtO- inl
rI n nce 1 11 1(1 l to .ll
shal ll remain ignorance to the on
"'outrage cases thalº)eni 1i11'dIonl a
' lTlleselaVestald ill tile ranks of
,the party- lwhile they are so nr
ztalosl,\ devoting thenseles to I't
Sthe ntask ofegiiating ti'h uisiness totI
of Southern Giovernors. The ril
,ouisville Courier1,outrntl callls at 1
tention to acase otf )s liotial nIurder l .i,
recently occurring in Kansas. It 11
alappears that Swayze, t lculybli- of
call editor of TlPolka, tohk e'cpnasioll
1>to accuse soine of " the party" of fO
stealing land and school 1nney f"
-'r m thle State, and was b ola ~tll
etenoughr tpo rvoademnt the saIlne, ilort
fwhich the was dly shot d(ownl tlld i l
lmutrdered inll treu Kansas style. h
. The turderer has lately been tried Ih
lland ac louittoed,at parently thronlh n
ilot political sympathy. The lJournal, i
of KansaI s Coiity, Mt., a lHeplblin
organ, approves-the verdict andl tif
, rwarmly indorses the murder as
of The acquittal of Wilson, charged to
- with the shooting of J. bn. Swayzc
of the Topelka Bllade, has met with 1,
the universal approbation lof thite
While they do not believe in the t
indiscriminate use of 1ir,.arms 1'1r
taking away of liflt theiy beli(eve I
m otht thelitstil wo tIle hir ilpaS (v'
a personal organ for the larlyse I
Sthan the thief and burglalr who
enter a private residencile atI night
for the ipurt nise of robbing its 11
i inates or ruining thlleir alii oes.
t This is a bleantiful spelcinnn at
tit lawpabiding and civilizedo
-r Northernl iepualitans have be en
odnauseating us or some time ino
- their patriotic attempts to bring
n the P ill-outh to a higher level of
ato this Kansas asa tirl Why leo
the Tiles, "bod even the o eralf 'i
give the Kansas people some ofr
that "advice" whichl they have
rtbeen pouring out so rofnsely rpe
on the South \X Why dont some
e.. Bou theouti, up" teKns t o Io
Sduties and the lawsj of his State
Of otlursen the De mocratic party
i has the same right to meddle mine
a Kansas ate irs o as the northernt
Louissiana , or ston th Carolina, or
o.Missisisippi. According to the
Republict an idea, it wouls be ine
order now to tall on Congress or
c the caresidenot to send a committed
Sto investrigate Kan sas and to let
those "bloody butchera s of Tope
cratic House might take some
Re session. But, then, the IDemo
erats and the majority of the
s e Southern people hea theory
" that a State ought to be permitted
administer its own laws; and that
this Kransas ontrage is a strictl3,
ri'tililS Ihey hail lIettr devote
Sillt'm of their s rIllliIs t t'r"i''gl of1
ittcrft'ren'e in looking" after it. A 1
it is ery kiind, of lourse, to le so in i
i11th11 interestt'd in settling" mat- torts
ters ii the South; but thlire is li() one r
arthely reason w\hy this :btl - i
dtt zeal slhould make thet li i'
hleer their ol\wn thieves and inct- '
de(s ilnd political pirates in otht'' I. '
almrts of the mointry. tin
- .. .. - eu.tl
A Remarkable D:warf. ferie
S[By John T. 1'st' r.] ilvv
('ouint J ostph l 'nl laski v'as aptlit l. 1
termed "a pet fct copy" of nant''. (1111
ritest works in dnmhde'inom." lli, in- 1 v
1 tellct war remarkahble and was early with
1 (develo el. Ilh; spoke several Ian- ist l
h ea.,..es. To oundless of tund t istaul th t
if diti he com(i'12 d elnickunes of ap- o ol
,e pr ehension :nL tdl elegan ice of deport- a1 I
1.ine t only attained by intt'reonrs'e right
with polllhM d s.tciety. tII was born tI.
i I 'halet,i in 17319, and measured t tile
cight inchelis at Iiith. He was ex- a1' 1
t ediu-lIy well prloportioned, and hl - legit
4c:m11, a protege of the (C'onuttss 11u la'n
' i '.-k , a WVm anl distingui.shl'd iil her I'nns
ii irth and I rl.U.ls:l: acL(pll lishi i elnt%. taid
dand at that imne was lint tIenty-five giv
inches in hitght. lie was lpre 'el ted to tem
º dwarf al t'u his opinion of the i s- till
to slin monuachll. "Madami," replied Ihe, or
th "I have not the honor to know him :i age
- were I il his phace, instead of waginog .\d:
a t I Itl
aI 1n'II \ l ls war agai. t o11l, In w hl -
L 12ne1 to Vienna to pay my rtespets, ,of ;
thinking it lmit' honor to i; pgitot. r
i t1 steemg than to gait a victory Iron', t i' tll
It you." The Quhtn took him in hter tIte,
1' :1p and kissed him. he laughed. T[ht' "'
d- (11n 1 aked hinm what he waislaught Is a
o-. in,, at. Iis t quiC k reply t wal s: "Toi i tha
site so S al 1 tI t llti ti thiie Ip of' soi
11etl a womanl." This ausiSl pto . Wh1i
pr c iuedii him L flesh caresses. Ili gatzed 1SI
It' at a ring mil the hand ft" the Quet'n the
't once when sitting onL her lap, and she'tlha
i1; alukd him if he thonglht it pretty, in t
oft l ior i'~taski re lied : "It is n.ot the 1 al11
S ling that I was looking at, abut the ti
hand I hesee tch .ur Maeist to kiss." tern
t"rhis wtas i granted, and the lQueen clbl
Stook from her dlla 111h1tera tl d di-an I tr
ii ring; and gave it to liornwl'ski The tha
ati- yoi lady front whose fitngr the Iug
er ting was visitaken wVas the unfortunat, be
It Marie Antoilette, afterwards Queen l31
l iof llIan at', r titl
Il lMaria Theresa made stl iinon ef- etll
fortits to have the dwali remain a ti
I nl' m.dtor frd'h1,1 ('C unt, but C.,unlt,.r,, tra
f a mlla' r nlgement. (d
When in i Pac, Couani nt Ir Oinski gave it
ld lan ntertainme to snome lhdi s of tli
hle. high distinction, and, to p lase ther , - In
ied 2he placed t lrhnwlastki in an urn. The 1c
lh lf was ipl taced on table, and a folmnr ti
l 21, 1"y noise proceeded 11from it. The it1"
till ount 111sed to g n Iievr the l , fi' tld il
glit the euriosity of the ladies was raised It
to the highest pitch. At length the it,
a"I cover was rentovtid and out spralng I ha
l ornwlaski, who ran ab lot the littable,
S1d lto the no' sh'all lastllin htls e n lt i lli ch
VZe version of the ladies. Ile
tiiHd Ille visited lio lis coullrts of Ellurope, b"
h Ills relutatioln recedill him, and dres
the hi like , 21)1.' a
Ohn c their Ills te and kissed hi ornlsi
Sfor At twenl s-five heit fell In love withl I
the al actress l, and liir'oposed to her; 8hetll
1l.ve laughed at l him. At forty le gain
per interfered to disturb his lleawle ofr
(oy- since i arried shortly attinr istla-
Ilte ina lh tons, i was to be publisrned.-
nhl udritt into the woIhl by his fdrmeg mi
tInl set out lililn gave couertrs t'olr the
igl int littlet dalihter of one of the ueiio, abersi
Shits lf the nobility herltrd hilu sreing, andll
lies. asked her father tll go buy the little it
1 Oi i or Hose, or h nr. Where elske, what is it
ize, or wlsslh do wilh hins to she re. lie : "lor or
thlie wul kee him i my roots aId iinliiS d dress -
be in lwas sick, el sent for Dr. ltht ker,
1'111 who, seuid n Bornwo lac 2ski in the rooiIlac
i in that l kichp quitcc. It aSo with is ill
d ts diltlitcs. The oiso oeto ,elhedv himt "
Shlta iusiand ant li father 110 hand rl twoile
haill tchil eren, and lived to the extreme
)enio- ge oft niety-eight. politicl era of
some hite -nt COr...ptio which succe-eded
inete The iPresil ent's letter tis o place fGr
)eIo- thie l itne estaio hiti to willdulraw
othe- since re ttnosplh sere the Adoinistra- t be
Speris tiontd to Wet'r prithoe by resqaining id
heoy i dihe chlonse, isfor to be wnt ofpublishe poid.-
itt evolent hater ousf halfr the ve eUnion, andccustoed
l redit Mbetillier roN.. e can c ra e fi.
e-s8 was caught Adinistealion ig letter Senate
- i or Hoease, or anywhere aelse, rit is til
Sp or , lssible fr us to see. The lower or--e
r alt- der of eslound andot acqunimals or one go
Istan ty in that which succeeds. So it iereas in
ho ourjoke seiool were the dinustng and crawl-e
e thato- ing generaof tieon of tenelope political era of
itl onous air they have been accustomedle
,riotly ton Trav'eller,
ProtecLion Which Does not Pro- A
tect
N. 0. Timns. Ir
A history'v of the Iprot(etie syston ae,
in the 'nited States wold h1, an in- ind :
l'trein t and in ltnctive vul e. I1 tbun
oline rteg rd it voilld I e a ci llillS ione lll
in this, that it wothl shijw that thusi
the principle has met with no en- It
ioi1il';l;tlele t, except ii tlnelti s ofl ý O s
eumnin sce and 111the intlustrial enllter- 1'1
ipios,. In all other reslt'let proitec- Ithu
thin haIs l.en ur ait'dl, anid onsist- "1
etlly av ibhled, .as but a h it'ful iter- (1
flret e. with then lioriial lax s of ctapit
devehlopmnit. The slighteIst 111,ed- set n
dlinl! 1 of the govermenit with theli he s,
hairch1, or any action tending to thl .irst
iadvai centenit of at particillar (ut, or Si o
with the freedom of the p lress, iy the ably
establish ,lnt of :' cen,,ui snip likt e Ti
that which e.xi+ts tIo-day in I :nie, nu
w1'u1lld he riesltelnil y the lnplle as do
in in'inglinetent of the mioist s:oi1ed left
rights of personal and 1political liler- on
ity. Yet. in aill other countrie, where
the protective thet(r}, mainta ills, these "(
are hhl to le niatlters lproperily and ot,
leriitinately tihject to the surveil- his I
lance o'f giove'lllln'lntit. Th ' wlert sio
cOnsisliered in l.iglaind a centuri y 1,,a o, i i
aud the chniiclh yet lmaintatl it, (.s- "
tulihi-nent there, but under ,teatly 11(,,
iomolitied ctidlition.i. In Fraince anid ai:i
other eotinental cmunllie. where the i
go'vernittent retains the later'iail s5V - lper
ten oi f slt'pe visi ion i t he.se respetil , ,..1112
the principles ofi' . tf e ut le , are alsoii
rejected, i, il the othi er handt in EIii- is w
,laind, e n tie thl t si t consiteli- e.xel
Iy, in anohte'r direction. .At the very andl
ftime when the 1"tllglish blegai tol clan- t
or for em l ncilpatiini front the spioni - rali
age of the croii"n in those i:iattehi., did
I\( iin ti it h gave tl t ithe w\ iltl his
extraordinrry work. "The 11(t-:0h(; wh<
of Naitions." wari
Since then theI Einglish have iad- ih
va ced' l ill l ,political economyiII, :l1111
r lthese other great, prinicipleh , pfri l(-1," edl
si, till l iniw the dictliilne of filen tlradl hllo
i i;s a iin tin est;nlishii d with thl n it ias a
Sthiat of thll freedom of the l*'e, "I
It is then :t matter oif iliiai that thhi
w \hile we pIirogressed with themi ill ole edi
i iirespect, we 11e soil falr hiindl thei in am
Ilthe other. It lican easiliy lie shownl ol
thalit the outrages upon the peoplel , da
in the shape of taiiffs, aite jst as
galling and dieservinig of coilitdellnai- roll
te Itn as:i an other ilutefeinice of gov- i \l a
(nllitlent. The i protective spirit iu- I s
Sclides themi all alike, andl it is no less hI'
d truitlilil antd prejudiciial il o utie case
Sthal tlhe other. Of coillrse, a swteep- is
(e inig aolitiol of dutlies could neither ho'
Shie lasked nol r would it lie tdesirablei
Lhiat there are Smllie all uises that shoubldt mi
lite cirrectei , ali this can easily hec thi
f !-feict ili. Nowi is the most ailspictio s to
a time flr the conditioni that hallil pe
, tr:n\ i"t , t 1 :libt1 ,det by thill ' rlieI l oi wl :
e Isiuch n wise liaws as have Iteen i:itt- iinti
ie,( inl n1;it' lof inliViu'h i s llland lo al lt
i c lteretit As an illnstratioii of thet wi
filly iiand wrong iof protectionl we re- onil
, fir to the relit tariff lon snlphlte ai pre
e !q inine. Int the inteilet of \\ ight- clt
. l t Oi Po1tiwrs anslllllt o te other dell- s
ie ,r in drugs in Philadelphia, %whi
lIt manufacture this- article folnm the yloi
'd llbark, a heavy duty was iniplioisll i on
he it, andt the result is that ithese tibns kni
g ilave a iOlinopoly of its sl le, and ch
th, this medicine which shoinlhtl lie as
i- cheap a hs possil s in coiinsequentlce p
nearly doubled ill price. So, for the
e, beinefit of two Philadelphia firms thlie a
dil ctunitry is left to shake with agie anti
lie burn with fever, because of the ex- N
Speliunes of this one sptecific.,
Yet this is but 1n11 (If nnlii ulieous
h illstatices of tdities equally oliprci .
ie siv, tlrat cry out fiir cnrhcltiit u 'i\'ii l
in ser vice 'efoi is hlt the prefc to
of't e te refilt'i lhat is neeilill. lLnt it I
5a- mliilst Iieissat il lhe precht dI d i t it l siilnt it
i,(| c lhnliiges il n oi lr cmmerin eti'al tarill laws. It
ir ie elllot I'lt-hle ol' commi el to ft
lie Its firnienr gliln ll oljlil ils Wit ilholt il i
the a thoroilgh overhiulilig Of onr whiolt h
A ti nehlil anlili 1,i1ve11 eil sevstiemi. The a
e s begi nig of this. rellin is ntlecessl,- i
n 1 ily retrechment tilt andil ecoftnly on F
tice thl piai. r of the gnverln iienilt. Epin
the these tde 1tds entirt eily the atiilitv to
"I redliCt taxations dii rect anl indirect
ess It is oily throlngh this relduictlion
ii1ii1 the conniection of these niannv
ski ahnses that trade will enliven an1
e r, tilat pros lieity COlei to uS tlllt tiraii i
i, alnie elin lbriilg aoild which goveri
it ient call itllln inc bult ildit ectlyt
i in Iul beneficially, at all, ly the sti ict
w est reIgard forit siuli nd bius iless prin
ni plie. Thlese reia rks ti i not illaly hto
thle greater interests, ,ich as are
gnatlihd by the tariff Oil sllgiir, ill
which hot a jlst lrothct'liltn is 15t;ihrd
ar- ed t tihe sole indhstry annd rlirctdllt
aw of a whole section,
to, It is easy lenouglh tlo draw the line
tra- at tihe riglit ilhce, oud, while guarl
i iig these lIrger iiinterestls, cauicel the
.i-- alilses resli tilng from an intldiscriiio
nate altllicatiou of the liroitectil
8 o1- syste im. ,__
and -------- *
 ll rADICAL SCAREt IN 1ENNYSLV.ANIA. i
nte -- t the falct does remnain hat hateli
im Republicans have evidently been los
er- ing grlulid in thin lohBkeye State,
gin- an it they wouhi save thieimiel vtes
eta text October, its to thie Governor and
ence Legislatiire, they will hiia'e to nuike
s in illy us enrnest, st.iibbtiorn and lIersis
po i ti~lnt tight as they have tlhe past twil
utile- ears. Defeat would iesiilt in the
field lhss of a ,uniteil States Seulator, attld
that is a point w heuei the Rehpubllican
a of party cailiiot afford to sisthin liirther
eded losses. The p1Icess of soliifyit'g
for the South is abtiill coilmiletetd, and
d in instead of losing more seuailtllis in the
t he North, it is about timie for the Rlepub
aad licats to gain Northeern setiators
wher, they have host them through
m ed want of efficient orgniliizatioil tir petty
lociil dissensions. It would he es
pecially bad fol the Republican party
to lose Ohio this fall, and we do not
who believe such a tmisfortUite will befall
day thle party, notwithstandilg that all
yin the restoilees tif the Democratic par
- -8 ty throughout the cointry will be con
per- centrated on that State. Ohio is in
was a for a tremendous political fight dt
The ring the next five months. I will be
B os- the battlefield of 1877, as it was of
1875_-_[Wilkesbarro Times, Rep.
A 1Man With the War Fever. "1!
i' I
[ i'r ,m ( 0- ' D ,tr, )it .'r ,,c 1'r ,.-  ]. "
Mr. W hite, a 1t'trite'r of miiddleh'
age, visited this allice yestrld:hi Ii) Th
hind a war mail an1 to Ihave a ehat At
abolnt the Euitropean situation, a;il it rai
wasn't tel milllte. II'te re Ills . -en- w\;tei
thusiasm was Il) to tit, ha)iling iI)intl ft r Ipl
It will he wolth thousand :ind roiil- m;a Il
lions and hillion . of dollar, to this t ; at,
(' lt i1.nt 1\ he s1 lo ted a('s h: I, l ,:lk r l.t'.
thi" itlgh e of the o aliic e luils. th (,tilli
4"Yes, it will."sm 'neholy re.na ,:oed are tl
"it will slillfn \vages, brill, ow !'I, fc " \,
capital, make tnone'' ph'l t";y aid .tst ing h
set us all whlopin,-' . he whom ," ' 1) ni
he scratched the h.s; woulitltd at the Jani
first linll Iun. st(.l
SIul)hel d?\ remtarlked that it ,:,,b -;caIlt
ably wfuld. vertI
'Tak ing flye newspaper wat -maols the a
ngner oute arm antd a etopy. f the'ron-- that
dol Trimes under the other, Mr. White htarn
hleft the olic'e and procehed'd di lctly of tlh
hom1ewalrd, feeling min(e I pitlllic i the It
eI Iii Inn 2en1 t. Inlad
"(Ih ! vwe're gointg to liy e ti lit::il 'l'hIe
out, Nancy !" he said, as hle d4ro11(d that
his hat in lhe hall. wa~ ,l
)Did on order the' flour.!" 'lhe ask-- oral
e(d in a I(Ireles,' tolc'. b e.
"Flour'! \VI t ) 1 ('I c a2 ,,ut A
lII( t 'lThi'e lcs-i'ans liha(Ie got K arS I 2a
and halfl the 'F rkiii aI ruI !" i 'all l
"lave, eh ! \\'ell. I hope that p - the lt
Iper- (tang r ill be llct i ni the, mlnll n- If f'
in,. You didn't think to set' a l,)t -" - i. t
''lHi"ht here' is Kars, and light here to ot
is \ here the T'urks g.,t anulh.l," hie lie I
'exlaine(dl, as 11 e kni elt otE : the loot I .sa;
"i lid, elh ! Say Johnh , cin't yovl lie
r akl' oil' the lalwi this miorliing, ind1 lrto
(did \-o Se 1 aborut the wliitw,\:iahincg ?''" c4\(
"W\\ ill vo talk about \ hiltaci bhi:."g ci
when aill 1;ur(ope is co4,, nc led \\ith ,-1an
Iwar ?" hlie lierely dlemai hda1 l. hei ti heV
si. ()(), the other folr nlal ps at her. I lillc
"I -l'd like those ' nion e( Il.ds maik- Y4ui
edl out to day." she replied, as sihe hi I
huintedt4 tru h thl e \;lik b..-ket fur d4rin
a utt2llll(t itl an tIel 11 it. in,
this very opy 'l fil' Ldohe ln(ln Ti,,F 1 lul
(ditl( aIlly lr(ledicts that a milli.n 1e n
armt'd men will he rt ihinig at e;ch ifiw
aotlihels' throats in less tihan1 sixh ti e (e
hl't '" the
S'he found the bat tona, anl hli' tn- 1will
rolled the bldicnce of' his 11 ap . Ti h(.r1111 (1
was a dead silence until his liat ,r IMclý
rested )on the city o4f l'rw(,ro)nn, whecn ei
le soutehi : sat\
h'". ll'er' she is! Right i around h, re twa\it
is where they are makilng the Tl'ls fari:
howl for su,'ar !" ' and
''"lv the w'., ,I , ."she so5,f2l l e- we.l
it miked, as she looked uIl), "don't Vol in ii
think that s5mmnlr kitchen \\' ill hlave' (pun
I- 1to be reshingledl this spi12 ?"l t (li!'
SThe girls who does o'neral hose- 1to (
work I atg he tot1et l iltl' Ive wal-tlitpl) s ;ie
Itintlo liev hundred pieces, and 1 anlgel l gi\
11the London Ti''mes agliinst tihe u2 l) 11 I
e with an awfnl thnimp as he .ju)mped io\
I ctt 4 ) 1121 gi ll 11 llI4' llltl -i
t'- droos, but girl" are so 'tim" s ' qui
oi" ''1icl l ie l. Mr. W hite wato s in td e all
- corner grocery at half-past eleven I e
- sa\ing to t the ,ro rietor. st
:e 'yo1 readl of the European sitation." lif
I At the plrorietor talleod the cheese
)s knife on the edg'ie of the couter to wi
it , tclean it and replied : t
i ls "Se(e( like I shall hf to kill da ze
ie loys wit(ho ct soa1(p nid dis knille." ha'
he I !ow can you expect anyoldy but be
he a warrior to feel as wiatriors do ? str
S . - - - ---"_- - di
:- Napoleon Bonaparte on the War il
O'Meara I l : ttIn the ors e of I A fewin
yet ars Russiat will have C)nstantino
pie, the greatest part of Tll urkelI , and
ot .w years 'l'ury nnst fall to luis
e are lussins. The powers it woulk
-injure1 , and who couhl oppose it, ate
0 England, France, russia and Ans
tria. Now, as to Austria it will lie 14
(1 easy for lHussi:l to ,n)ig:gct irit
:,ssistan1ce b)y givi tg he(ir Scr\ia adllt 1
o( ether 1'provinces h1rd'l1,rin i on) tile II
(41 ' .rian 'hL ini oln incchi i near t Ii
de CoL stall l in lle. The Illy hyl)the
hsis tIhat Franlce aI l'nIlald ail ev
n el ie allied with sincl.erily will tie in 1
( o(lder to pIreven'Ilt this. lint (v ,n this
alliance would nm )avail. Fratce, En
t- gIned aud Prussia miited cannot pnr'
t vent it. IIIssia and21 Anlstria cal at
' l any tillme (f 'ctit. in'e iis1ess of
C(o str til)l)le, I'ussia; gets a'll I tlhe
tco ineince of the 3M1dlltcIIanll11 1ean, I,1- I
(' (ones a great naval |)a)e1er and 1(44d
kin ows what may hallien. She will
tIe India rno army oif 70,()tIIl good s1hllt1s I
tioi 0)0 Cossacks anid olthelr-, and En
o gland h2 s,111( h ia. Al)b)v'e all olthlr
Pow('lers Icisnit is mreost to Ie fel1ted,
A eClSptcilly bw EI g,1(l. h1 r soldiers
h are hraver thau lhe Ausriais, and
she has the m11ans 1f raisi, as mnylIV
1s1.t, as she pl;ases. A hu141 r.d are'It
I' (hence I 1shall b, apl)jlIh'ded fa)r Iny
( tI, rls il re-estaliM inig the King
21.1(1 m1 of IPoland ; and l';ur-I4c, a24d .s
S e'iallly Enlglalnl , will hl n('lt th1114t 1
tihe three nea)' ns (,f ut t king .n1 gland
tne with effoet-'detacehin g iclalcd from
Ia l ler, capturing hler Inlldian 4)hosses.'ions,
ter or t descent oin hier coast."
'1(4l Mliss Jennie Curry, of New York,
the has been floagging her second cosiin.
1- John 11ennelt. Jllhn had 1teen- tellincg
tors lies about her. 'lThe flolggiing was
ghl done scientifically ; indeed(, it 12a2
citty the OIllnion of the larga nlll4iber iwho
wes itnessed it that Jeniiiiie Wais as good
arty a tanner as slte was a CaU'rryCr.
not Rochester Democrat.
t all A man on West hill set out last
par- week to cot thirty plrt idges in thir
e on-i ty days on a wager. le to tile first
8 in lone withoult any trouble, bit the
du- grocer refused to give him anay fur
II be tIher credit the very next day, and
as of t he is hopelessly stuck on thile other
. I.tw4ty -iue.--lTawle-Žee.
111 il 1 Vt 1 , iAVIU t'.VtMl
- - - - - - -- -- - w\vith
The Water Supply of Farms: :1,
At :t time whitnl tmlanyIV fittus iin the e ftel
Ipr;liric regills It the \e.st are iunide'r iliinst
wateer,. thei sol on themtl is too wiet lilst
ft r proital,le worhin ;I ; for the get- this
Ininal tion ofin ' seeds, it Inaly s('111 (i)d( on Ia
:are that we shall have t', wait only a as sil
few \11 el, ibell)lr eattle will be suller- iolns.
iln for lot. tl(er oli 101!\ of tht e l[itii. In qu llest
()ii most, dairy l;crms tlhere is an titann- of th
dance of t\aItr sullidh. by springl myse
streaims or weils for the i tuse of the disini
tnttle oi Ihaln. for dairynttn have ;1- turn
cerltinei d that it will not do to linmit al
the iniu lgy of water aflllrded to cows e \ry
that are tivting mill:. They have hugs,
'learne' , tilto, that te llt water 111 llst e t('.
of the , be t qna;1litv, fior n1 h1'- it is, h.,11,l
the milk and the lhulltlr nol' clh ese ". " int
,nle 'lo' m it \\ill be of hllt l quality. il ill
lThey have also lfontl out that cours w ef!r
tha dil nol t have, a good suilpply i fl' aphis
wtI ler at al i llli oil in nll- trees.
oral coutition :tld fail t ho be rolita- moe
1h1! . all ti
A d;aiitr :ann ill ordi8it ilv select a h1 o;
ifatin tha lntainis sprinigs or streiams "si
ithat alli',Id a su liltIvi of water githontl. ar
th i tilhit or txlenlse of raising it. her I
If Miiule does not supply tlhe de, ired udti
alnonit aludl s ality of water, l he goes(' with
toI is k to obtaini t t , arlillicia lint:es. ted t
lie ,tis ,ells, very dee., ones if ne.
,.s:.It , and lot'ls ine m ills to raise
tii \tattrt toti tesurface of the lmio n . TI
tll1e11 of lraitgel Itiiolle iwater tio h
briought intote l t lstabl s, so that his nti - Gio
,,ni(enw. ýaol n timel, s he sinkl s Alte- jt
'ean l ilu tit tle ionv'ys the t'att' r l bete
they 'lafrIl ito dtill'e t hli ltinles, or i ,of d
Yio never fit d a dartitnan dtlivit in cur
hils ld of le t s hlfet a mile to get a Ii
tlrink. or tII in: t h irtlln, for drink- t ill
ingI to oice in tih lie mrnitt and ouee skin
at niht~t it. et knows that ti I lcr is with
quile al. t-senlial as glrass, hay, and Il c
m1al foir the preoldti tion of milk. A i
hew god stoek-raisers and beef-pro- the
do ceis ar equa g lly plaisi aligti alb ut 'tC
the matter of supllyldling their stock bad
with wat:'r. li
On most farms, however, there ie a tine
r,;la'k of \\;;tr' for stock. S me fuarll- hi
I cs hail e .o idea that it it notl es- I la't' l
saill to whtVl r catile ofltener thailll
totict cItSe'y tw eh n It-four hours. Mlany (e
sftilre Cs who c lnllpy onie hundrdl laid
a' il. ixSy acres of land have but one lonl
wll und no way of rai.ing the water the
in it excetpt a hckct or comnon hand- ext(
ipuimp. Water oltainel by means as br
dilli'ult is this is grudgini ly supplied tl t
lo cattle, and the f co s. qunce is thl' the
- ire loften lthirstyl, theil gain slowly, ii
iler ai , all llllllaout of luilk, and elll hl l
1 in loor condition., Some lIzy sheep- a
Smo\a.rs have argaed that sheep re- ;duo
Squire no water, and that they finde
S1ll the i oiisti r they ite (nire in the t
1 dew on the glass they eat. The pro- 1
ducels of lirst-c A ncidlt, or first-. j,
t clas1s wool, h cotwe llI atlitWlaiys have a
liBeral supply of water r fr hIeir flocks so
e and it is a well-known fact that sheepI
o will drink ; much watler accord ing
to their site as oxen or h; orsi s nuill. 'dis
SAny auimils that are obliged tol go
hal' a mile to get'. a drink will often ei.
t be verythsy T thiritm. The time anid
strength they expend i walking this ct
distance iuight be employed to belter t',
i livrpott. Sometimts a luer Iu ell-A3
deavi\ors to cn om el:O· litol ill n (lO t m ltltr ol t
digg ing c tells by hav ing o. 1ome tho
twhere betleen the ti use aud t 'e
st lale. This well is literally veryci
inconlt eniet t for hoth. The lit e spent
it goitlng fro, I the iltu) e tilt he wtcl ll
inl a ingle year would e nmore thon
Sasnlii ieelt t laobs er ve ll.The a tlier
i btoight in the co)e btfti twelve
iii- tltswould weig more01' tha. tlein i
first Ills on tle cissaryi to wall upthe well. o
fl There is tron, eitllmy in hvin asop well
ituated ic this way, uver ss littl vinrtice
owater 'is very deep, int whii ciasiiu it
hcouly .e riThed rfibd wid piaer. be
co,'esstly. 'rb' tefill,,-lfd ni.llR Ia
used ii he'ln tlhe crude is not at hand
When lprepared as above, make i
n lil, t, l ely stroing. stills, and appl
with i .yilirge or sponge. IIn usiIng onfi
\veri delicate pld tlts, shonuld arny ft'a
le iflt. for the ipl;nts, they 'an hI l
Ilunsed oIr after a f rew l.in( ute, ;al,
slit aniid eminent, ly snice ssful lse til
th]is il o mli li , nl . \ ii .lll i e ars it 1 i i('
on a ld'ock of .Wtn,. cherly trues.
Some fil'ly thousan d in n 1umbIi't. 'T'hr
black aphis "-nume down Ike: tl.'
w lf 'n the folld," , nl. h . l ll11y ine no:f '
as single spies, but in w ,hole battal
ionlls. It sooi-. hl itune no interesting
question as to who was the p'roplietol
of this pl rticular block of tiees
ti yself or the '"bug Ethio!liian.1 ".
di'sin telSlitd obst rvr, uii iiofl judticia
Ital ilitennt- e of tlhinl s and the
very "at hom,:l" air assurted by the
hugs, would have said they had the
hest case. I(, would it heast, have
f,'n compelled to admit they hau'
'"nine points of the law" (possession)
in their favor. I never saw the like
b!f,,rc. The trees were! alive with
lphisi. The only salrie thinks on tliii
trees Iwre l:eaves, there hing li:lrdly
enoII.h to ill'rdl standing ruoo for
all the dnIsyIL guests. However, not
i llung a onellvet t. hto dtrie ioctrine of
"''squiatt'r sovetreiginty,"' I declared
arn : anl failing to de.t'ire se the nutii -
er blly o. inaryil r slla I compound-t
i'l soit l'ilt and i'rolie acid, and
with li single applilcaliion extercltina
ted th ilt ient y.
Ay.-h r3 Cows.
lThie fii llwiu,, ,cit'lriltin Illron a reporti
Ito Ili , It \i l ire AS : riiiul rti l iac, Iiatin
give the huilts \li ich iisli ,. iute t ic sup
S (i!iI !',rtl . If ',ihii no tl twip , h nr:s e fine
hl e';tl]r,,n " mi hx111 1. 1 nu ld it'h.s, mnuzzle
iilrately evio. eyes f1ll mul, lively,
ltrhns wilce stt oil iurli nting Iupw d o and
curvi ngii sliettly i ni d tm'ai!.
N1'k i l s or lttiius t raigh ont ,ine t-lil ne
t othe tsp I', the hlhy lear. frt'l ' oi lr ose
skin ll tIll. udiur-il. ie ite at iets jnetion
with the ht'ead. nlid the liseiles syinetrlica
Slly eilartgiug toward the shouhlers.
Shiulthiters thin at the tfop, briskue light,
the whole flreqluarters thin in front, an
igradually inreasis iti depth and ic idth
backward.
laid short wit straight, splie wl-de
ftliled, splccially lat the shiler, the
shr't ribs lar ched, thle b tody deep at the
flianki:, and the milk veins well develoled,
Pelvis loni broad and straight bactk bones
(itlium) wide apart iid inot miach over
laid with fit, thighs ceop and broad, tail
long and slluer and seat on level with
'the tback, Mil vbessels efipaclos and
extendi- u well firwarl, hinder ipart
broad and firuln y attached to the loity,
the sole or undC r surface nearly level,
n'the eels froi tIewo to two and iIt half
inces.ici length, equal in ' thikne'ss and
hanging p erpendicularly, their distance
'- apart t the sides shoulld be eqnalt i to
aioit Iine-third of the length of the
Svesseli and across to about one-hialf of
l' the bre I adt tl i
r ThLes short, the bones firm, and the
l- joints iastt.
a Skin siflt an d cluslil and colverd with
S soft, close, wouly hair.
S Th, colors preferred are brown of
I rowi and white, tihe colors being
dlistinctly definel.
i'c rat vahle is attached to tihe abiove
Sfromi anld poiunts by dairy tinnersl , and they
Squiikly tlake theit iut when clitlting it
itipurchaste, so that a nistal is rarely
l tu . Fat ers intendingi to p urhii l as
1 Ayrshire on5, wouild dio well to study
lhe ine iio nihscll ti hn It will he table
hi. Iu t o sht, at d , d lihy cowii ti ti i
i The Horse. s Teth.
itIn a staie o Initurce ths il'Se f oied
il liost elttirsl, tiii ga i Sslites, anid hist
tileniii whlh aii . , Ill, tie gr in
lith which itt io s lld sluu liiie pr.-1
S -ith Sl y Ci l nctil d, l linshed oll groanl'llda
lseill lotih beoliiill did ils way iin
the somih('11 wlile, iiid yteld lileC or
o Ie bniilse hit.- tyilxchnlelt.
. liii i'd l tot m iuig tti worry thio niitil
is ols au d l iiiii ,e il it tlbe natut' to
St ate. If lhe grits who iscotlitored
that lthe teth it tI he tu se Ille Ulsit
li ie 11ns0tieu lning snuhit t ilihluenli to
Set his halld ietwe, ig tlie t teelth iil
st l oe viioutsl brlitlll, t l witll tihe oraf
ls cr hia\e ai I, ,alizilng seiise, ill lilly
te'tie, if tIhe cri, thi(lg tlliwer ofd the
in isorse cnli d teison lliai rig f t illate
ol e i.ct, llnly g.t id i if ha the..
1tt Iii t ien, hf' gir ic t t ittgil ti,
so dliiirahlv ad opii.i le, I f lie tho i tugh
so grcnding hol fltd gr il lios thoise of'
' n i'loticed it vlttlg e skttelvc , fonhr
runb y fanitersl utit ilnas sit'ja ct iae rhe,
Is s s iti ue ,1 t i lr vitlt' ait leh pi ri)l0. I
'iti)- iu, I I. f ;ilh feor tioreub os i Ctiea t.
Thty hae btael oltinlg all day, U.N
til 5 nu'dl'tk, which tti hey wloe $1 ii
iwies hiniiig tidlouesly tired n h tav . Tlya
a idlt lai ieid li ' .ttuti ielf triei i to be'(n.
it olg gtti t I t) vd uit hie would
nIvt:. r ntinali in v,.linn ll 3tfI1f if il