Spirit of the Country Freos. MA
The Opelousas Courier speaks
plainly in condemnation of the
action of a few Democrats of that
parish, St. Landry, in attempting Six mil
to create a split in the party by
arbitrary and hasty action in the At the
Sorganization of Clubs. Many Dclivel
withdrew from the club after join-. W
ing.CONT
The Thibodlanx Sentinel informs theref'
us of the organization of the Demo- very 1,
cracy of its parish, Lafouche, and
of the enthusiasm that prevades with
our ranks. 1O30
The Shreveport Times notes the ler v,
organization of many Democratic inter:
clubs throughout Caddo parish. Dr d
Our friend Battle is the sole "en- tiol.
gine" of the Times, and is making W
the paper tip-top as usual. attent
The Ouachita Telegraph comes
out strong for Hancock as a fit AP!
person for a Democratic President. g9
At the parish Convention held in the 7
that parish Jas. McEnery was re-. -
commended for the nomination as
Governor,
The Oracle, Claiborne parish,
people are enthusiasted and wald
meetings are being held through
out the parish. Crops are flattel- ChaI
ing aind people are happy.
The Record, Union parish, drr- Il
ges the people to cease disturl in ; ont
the party with local issues and go thed
to work to place the Democratic on t
party in power. Asks that no in- has 1
dependent or third party, compro- start
mise or new fledged Democrat he nhon
nominated for Governor, and calls yi.
upon every thing that savors of thtti
Radicalism to be stopped. rass
it a
befo
We solicit from our friends in and
the country short correspondence h1em
on all matters of interest to them wee]
and the country at large. We in pres
tend the VINDICATOB to be the papi
people's paper, and will keep col- to
umns at their disposal, in which Fra
tney can give as neighborhood stn,
news of interest. otb
S will
The Republicans of the Union una
in Convention assembled at Cin- sen
cinnati, Ohio, have nominated R. aI
B. Hays, of Ohio, for President, l
and Wi. Wheeler, of New York, V
for Vice-President. The weakest par
men that could be named, and all or
that is required to defeat them is i
an united action on the part of 4
the Democrat&s - C
The Democratic-Conservative
party will nominate its candidates
for President and Vice-President
on Tuesday next, 27th nit: Til
den and Palmer are our choice.
With them we can arouse such an *ul
enthusiasm as never before seen, CO
and triumphantly redeem the Con
stitution and the country.
The Cuastom bouse Congression
al Committee are still at work in
lew Orleans, bringing to light p
the frauds and rascalities of the
Badicalparty. Mluch hasso far,
been elicited, and the ground for T
more las laid out. Go on gentle
smea with the good work, and let
is' have ayclean bill of indict- p
monat.
Prof. W. C, Jack, President of,
the INatebitoches High School, w
has a:indly consented to contrib
tte poetle articles to the VINDI- T
CATod, - "Our readers will be
pleased to know this, as Professor
JbikSh a Poet in the true sense t
of thI word--he has genius, and s
wutes wth feeling and beauty. 2
Thae Postmaster has made a sat- A
IhEs5p1explanation of the return ti
oftie papers to this office, men- i
tioned in our last. We do not de. se
slrr mt do we ever intend to do p
any one injustice. Mr. Harkins t
saysthat the party who desired it I
lstue raeqleta ed his Depaty. to
Swria'pon the paper, and he did i
o nlniy after protesting that it e
Swas against hiduty.
P iatide to iveeaer paper a new
drs vtlyj ow. type and more
reding matter; we are now furnish
Inogl~1em to twelve eolumns per
IarnrQlienqar new material arrives t
wr rl glve our readers not les than e
sev.tee o 9oluns per week. We
artea ,tirslned to publish the best I
oea sig papor in thqsttte, to publish
T. I. m atiI.mpt m tthe eontire people,.
and ek aprh  any other. Our
ifi- .  uelepps us sad we will
-..o . Speaker Kerr
+ist p t ot the Com
+ k.. . . . ;. . "
MARTIN & SBMITH, itervi
eson gel
-STEAM
SAW MILL,
Six miles south of the city of Natchitoches
PRICE: for.
At the mill, per M. ...... $5.00 to $10.00
Delivered in town, per M.,.......... 14.00THE
W E TAKE pleasure in informing the
Spublic that we ar,- prepared to take
CONTRACTS to build cabins, furnishing
therefor, lumber, material and labor, at
very low rates. B
BOX COTTAGE,
with gallery, 14x18 feet, complete, shin. its it0
gled roof. put up for $125.00 tion o
BOX COTTAGE, 12x15 feet, with gal- in the
lery, complete, put up for $100.
Planters and others will find it to their Jatns
interest to give us a call. intere
Orders left at this office or with Louis Indus
Dupleix, will meet with prompt atten- Iredus
tin.e
? Orders left with Mr. E. Smith, at Beant
Willis Holmes' will meet with prompt of all
attention. ds4. f Ill
MARTIN & SMITH.
April 10- ly. vario
Thi
'I Get your printing done at cheat
the VINDICATO-T Job Office. per 1l
from
mach
WILD OATS. EN
perta
neero
PROSPECTUS FOR 1876. Reco
licu
l aili
Champion American Comic Paper t!ici
FA
Invel
Illustrated by a corps of the best Ameri- era of
can artists, and contributed to by the yers,
most popular humorists and satirists of find 1
o the day. then
Wild Oats now enters successfully up- Fai
C on the sixth year of its existence, and ing
has become the established humorous and Collk
satirical paper of the country. It was A
- started and continued the first year as a SaEV
e monthly, then, to satisfy the demand of sand
the public, it was changed to a fortnight- ing
8 ly. Still continuing its good work of are
f hitting folly as it flies, and showing up price
the political and social shams by its clud
masterly cartoons and pungent editorials, dime
it achieved even greater success than Deal
before, and was recognized as the ablest
I and brightest of itse ass. Since then we
have yielded still further to the public AIS
demand and now publish Wild Oats Soli(
l weekly ! It has literally grown into its and
n present shape on its intrinsic merits, be- won
mug the first successful weekly humorous tion
1e paper ever published in this country. thei
Amon the artists especially engaged p.
to furnis a illustrations for Wild Oats are Moi
b Frank Bellew, Thomas Worth Hopkins, exai
1 ales; Shelton, Wolf, Jamp, Keettels, oti
Stuckhardt, Day, Poland, and several ofa
others who are yet known to fame. Age
In its literary departments Wild Oats the
will, as it always has, stand alone and
)n unapproachable. At least one first-classe iv,
n. serial story will always be found in its pan
pages, by the best humorous, satirical,
R and character writers in the United A
States; while its sketches and squibs Pat
will be sparkling, original and pointed. N.
k, Wild Oats will be first-class min every Wi
St particular, and on this account may be
taken into the best families without fear
11 or suspicion, as no word or illustration
will appear that can offend the most fas
tidious.
of !'V Send for a Sample Copy and
Convince Yourselves.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE: A
ire One Year.................... $4 00
te Six Months.................... 2 00
t Three Months................... 1 00
Single Copies................... 10 co
Any person sending as a club of five
an subscribers for one year will receivea lai
en, copy gratis. So
Address,
011- COLLINS & SMALL. ad
Publishers, 113 Fulton Street, N. Y. a
Oi- EVERY LADY SHOULD TAKB IT. th
la- at
gt P lTEISON'S IAGAZINEL 1
t10 Al
rar, -h
for THE CHEAPEST AND BEST IN *
te. THE WORLD.
let- ar
t- Postage Pre-Paid on all BSubscriptions. al
of This popular Monthly Magazinegives
more for the money than any in the
ol, world. For 1876, it will be greatly im
oved. It will contain One Thousand
ages. Fourteen Splendid Steel Plates,
DI- Twelve Colored Berlia Patterns, Twelve
Mammoth Colored Fashions, Nine Run- a
dred Wood Cuts, Twenty-Fonr Pages of '
Sor Music. All this will be given for only w
Two Dollars a year, postage prepaid by
the publisher, or a dollar less than Mag- 8
and azines of the class ,f "Peterson." Its
, THRILLING TALES AND NOV- in
ELTE8 t
SAre the best published anywhere. All i
orn the most popular writers are employed
to write originally "Petersen." In 187h, a
en- in addition to the nusunal quantity ofshort
de. stories. Five Original Copyright Novel- e
etts will be given, by Mrs. Ann 8. Ste
do phens, Frank Lee Benedict, Jane G.; Aus- e
ina tin Marietta Holley and Daisy Ventnor.
3dit MAMMOTH COLORED FASHION
4to PLATES
did Ahead of all others. These plates are
t it engraved on steel. Twice the usual size,
and are uneqnaled for beauty. They
will be superbly ceolored. Also lHouse
hold and other receipts; in short, every.
ew thing interesting to ladies.
ish-. SUPERB PREMIUM ENGRAVING!
I per To every person getting up either of
i tes the following clabs for 1875 will be sent
tgratis, at copy of onr new and splendid
merwtstu fort farming, (sise i1 inches by
We 26), "Washington's First interview with
bt His Wife." This is a Five Dollar Engra
ving, and the most desirable premmn
ih ever offred. For large clbs, a. will be
spc, been below, an extra eopy of Mazaine
Our will be sent in aditon.
twill -
TERMS (Always a Advance) $P.00
a YEAR.
Poeage Prepeid bg the PuMieher.
SCoples for...............$ 60
8 "' "............. 4 00
9 " ".............. 14 00
:." ': t ! ,.
-+.[.. ... .. ... +,,.·~,·-·i~tw.i.,, ,
+: + .."; ... . - , .. .  " "+: +:++.+' " )
superb mezzotint. "Washington's First
interview With His Wife," to the per
son getting up the Club.
Address, post-paid.
CHARLES J. PETERSON,
306 Chesnut street, Pa.
fpg Specimens sent gratis if written
for.
THE BEST PAPER. TRY IT.
POSTAGE FREE.
Beautifully Illustrated. A
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN now in than
its 30th year, enjoys the widest circula
tion of any weekly newspaper of the kind
in the world. A new volume commences
January 4,1875.
Its contents embrace the latest and most
interesting information pertaining to the
Industrial, Mechanical, and Scientific Pro- We
gress of the World; Descriptions, with and I
o Beautiful Engravings, of New Inventions, show
ý New Process's, and Improved Industries terna
of all kinds; Useful Notes, Recipes, Sug
gestions and Advice, by Practical Writers,
for Workmen and Employers in all the HeI
various arts.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN is the
Lt cheapest and best illustrated weekly pa
per published. Every number contains
from 10 to 15 original engravings of new
machinery and novel inventions.
ENGRAVI \GS, illustrating Improve
ments, Discoveries, and Important Works,
pertaining to Civil amid Mechanica' Engi
neerin g, Milling, Mining and Metallurgy;
Records of the latest progress in the Ap
plications of Stearn, Steam Engineering,
Railways. Ship Building, Navigation.
Telegraphy. Telegraph Engineering, Elec
tricity, Magnetisml, Light and Heat.
FARMERS, Mechanics, Engineers,
Inventors, Manufacturers. Chemists, Lov
ri- ers of Science, Teachers, Clergymen, Law
le yers, and People of all Professions, will
of find the SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN useful to
them. It shonld have a place in every
P- Family, Library, Study, office, and Count- AT
Ad ing Room; in every Reading Room,
ad CCollege, Academy or School. Thi
as A year's numbers contain 832 pages and
a SEVERAL HUNDRED ENGRAVINGS Thou- a
of sands of volumes are perserved for bind
t- ing and reference. The practical receipts
of are well worth ten times the subscription
np price. Terms $3 20 a year by mail, in
its eluding postage. Discount to Clubs Spe
Is, eimens sent free. May be had of all News
an Dealers.
an Deers. In connectionwith I
we PATENTS, the SCINTIFIC
lie AMERICAN, Messrs. M. NN & Co. are
Solictors of American and Foreign Patents,
its and have the largest estllishment in the
e- world More than fifty thousand appliea3 S01
as tions have been made for patents through
rcd their agency. D
Patents aie obtained on the best terms exc
Models of New inventions and sketches sane
us, examined and advice free. A special Sev
rs, notice is made in the Scientific American the
ral of all Inventions Patented through this effe
ats Agency, with the name and resident of ceii
the Patentee. Patents are often sold in hea
ase part or whole, to persons attracted to the its
invention by such notice. Send for Dii
ca Pamphlet, 110 pages, laws and full di
rections for obtaining Patents.
ted Address for the Paper, or concerning
ibs Patents, MeUN & Co., 37 Park Row
eda N. Y. Brach Office, cor. F and 7th Sts.
ery Washinton, D C.
e Jany 11875.-1vy
Lion or4
fas- JOURNAL OF tin
Rid
a AGRICULTURE AND FARIER. aor
A Weekly for Farm, Or- t
00 chard and Family Circle.
00 The Weekly Journal and Farmer is a I
i0 consolidation of the montthly Journal of
Agriculture and the Weekly Missouri
five Farmer, is now the greatest leading popu
e a lar Farm and Fireside paper of the
Southwest.
Its departments are complete and ably
edited. The Grange is a leading feature,
y and this departmenit is always full of is
* good things contributed by the members
of the Order. The ladies are heard n
Sthrough the columns devoted to their in- aci
terests, and many hints of household sel
utility and good advice can be gleaned an
S by those who wish to become ornaments y
te in their homes and by their firesides.
All classes will be instructed by reading ha
the Journal of Agriculture and Farmer, an
IN and no family should be without it. Its yo
on
MARKET REPORTS ha
are complete, anthentic and reliable, and pe
the paper is worth the subscription price ile
ions. alone to get its markets, fresh and relia
ble every week. or
Send for it! Read it I Take its ad- be
gives
Sthe vice, and it will pay yeou. h
Y Men and women, boys and girls, old ca
and young, give the Journal of Agricul- go
te, ture and Farmer atrial for one year,
velve and see if you have not made a good in
Hu vestment. It is a large 8 page, 48 column ea
weekly Agricultural7 Grange and Fami
o ly Newspaper, and s free from political sn
Sand religious discussions, and its chaste
g and well written pages makes it a wel- to
come visitor in thousands of households
OV- in the great Mississippi Valley.
Club agents wanted, to whom liberal
terms will be given, We want agents
All in every town and village.
d 8end for specimen copy free, and we
S ask that you send us the namoes of your
short friends, so that we may send them spe
lovel- en Copie
Ste- 8ubscription price, $2.00 per annum;
Aus dclubs of 5or more, $1.50 ach. Postage,
tnor. 15 cents must be sent with each name, a
as we prepay every paper sent out.
ION Address t
CHEW, CORDELL CO.,;
as me 810 North Sixth Street, o
I size,
They Nt. Louis, Mo.
WHITEWATERWAOOI
ING!I
her of
ae ent
lendid
ies by
r with
will be
maine 0fR FARM, AWlRTATIOM ADD FREIBHT.
ALSO SFRIG116 N DEMlOCRAT WARONOS
Wher' we have no Agents
we will sell dirset to parties
desiring 'them. Price and
descriptionhfrnished on ap
ihw. plicaton The Whitewater
costs atriflemoae than ordi
Snary wagons, but is the
S hepest in the long run.
o o SEMPI.E, BRGE& CO.
14Mo) ISSOUTHI AW S.ST . LOUI8.
8 eartie *tlqr uias, wuin
, *vtrnrgive
WE WANT AN AGENT IN
EVERY COUNTY
-IN THE
UNITED STATES! P"r
over1
---oo--- tions
Gold Coin ! $1,000.00 in Gold! trm, (
---00- fal an
, We Challenge the World, o
And will forfeit $1,000 to any person who can produce a remedy which will prove Jan
by actual test, a more speedy, certain and effectual cure for all Pains and Aches of -
whatever form, external and internal, acute or chronic, deep-seated or otherwise
thaDr. Radoli s Great Remedy,
Seven Seals or Golden WONDER
We have had this challenge of $1,000 prominently displayed in all our Circulars Th
and Newspaper Advertisements, for the last four years, and not taken, which of ml
shows the superior excellence of our Remedy over all other. For External or In-. kete
ternal use. Cpi.
It will Effect a Speedy Cure in all Cases of p
Headache, Neuralgia, Toothache, Sprains, Bruises.
Flesh Wounds, Burns, Colic, Cramp, Cholera -
Morbus, Flux, Diarrhoea, Bronchitis. Catarrh,
coughs, colds, Inflammatory Rheuma- The
tism, Asthma, Phthisic, Heartburn, THE
Indigestion, Summer complaint, Dail
Pains in Side, Back or Loins, Pose
Piles, Ringworm, Felons,
SStings of Insects, Bites of
Venomous Serpents, only
and Especially Ru
l matism.
t A POWERFUL REMEDY Which is taken Internally by ANY ONE.
ºi, - - -
This celebrated medicine is beyond a doubt the greatest discovery in Medi
cal Science known to the world. Its action is at once felt; its wonder
ful cures are instantaneous; in fact it literally demolishes pain.
-- o--O-
n EQUALLY GOOD FOR MAN OR BEAST. BI
0- 00 to tl
vs REMEMBER WE GUARANTEE EVERY BOTTLE. lhe
re Noft
h No Cure, No Pay !
reTry it, and be Convinced. ear
he -_00-- T
a! SOURCE OF HAPPINESS TO MILLIONS OF SUFFERING HUMANITY. Amý
During the past four years the wonderful success of this Great Remedy has far cial
m exceeded our most sanguine expectations; thousands have been cured, and thou. -coU
ies sands have found out from actual experience that Dr. Radcliff's Great Remedy,
ial Seven Seals or Golden Wonder, is the Most Wonderful Pain Destroyer in Existence, row
an the Most Expedious, Safe and powerful Remedy known in the World. Cures are Art
his effected almost Instantly, as if by Ma ic. Thousands of certificates have been re
of ceived from all parts of our broad land, unsolicited and unasked for, speakingin of m
in heartfelt and universal praise of this Great Remedy, from personal knowledge of non
he its almost miraculous powers in curing the most obstinate and protracted ceases of real
for Diseases. we
di- ----00 -- Mie
$1,000 Profit in Four Months ! 1,872 One Dollar Bottles Sold I rea,
READ THIS: am:
a. toc
Scott Town, Lawrence County, Ohio. pen
Messrs. KENNEDY & CO.-Dear Sirs: At this late hour I will inform you of the rie
great benefit I received from the use of Dr. Radcliffs Great Remedy, Seven Seals ene
or Golden Wonder, after being confined to my bed for eight years with a complica
tion of diseases, vis: Dyspepsia, Bronchitis,, Palpitation of the Heart, Pain in the mil
Right Side, with General Debility, for which I tried the skill of our home physi- hoc
cians, also a doctor of New York City, and two of Pittsburgh, and one in the tivi
northern part of Ohio. Took enough patent medicines to swim in-all to no par
pose. At length I was induced to try Dr. RadcliftPs Seven Seals or Golden Wonder. wil
-I sent and got six fifty cent bottles, and before using it all found myself able to abi
travel in a buggy. Took the agency for its sale last April, four mounths ago, and sen
have sold thirteen gros, or 1,872 bottles, up to this date, August 20th: 1872, and
. expect from the growing demand to sell ten thousand (10,000) bottles mn the next hm
year. Gentlemen, if you think this worth using you can do so, as I am generally has
sa nown over three counties as a man of great atllictiou. I
of Yours Respectfully, H, J. DARLING. ani
nri -----a
pn- A REMEDY FOR HARD TIMES. TRY IT.
the fro
FOR THIS GREAT REMEDY WE WISH YOU TO ACT AS OUR AGENT. ter
bly ...oo----- 1
ire, Dear Sir:-The above fully explains the articles we wish to sell. This business fl
of is honorable, and by being energetic, will pay you well. It is our desire to ap- tri
ers point an agent in every county in all parts of the United States and Canada, grant- er
rd nig to each the exclusive right to sell every bottle sold in the county. SBhould you
in- accept the agency for one or more counties, you shall have the exclnsive right to
old sell every bottle sold in your county, as long as you continue to act as aur agent, mi
iedand all orders which we may receive from your territory shall be turned over to
ate your account.
la. This Wonderful Remedy, Seven Seals or Golden Wonder, sells rapidly in the
ing hands of the right kind of men, and we want none other. Now if you think you IL
nor, are the man for the work, forward your order, name your county, and go to work; In
Its you can sell a gross in a few days, without a doubt. We have one man who buys tra
on an averge three gross per week, and his orders are Increasing rapidly, and he
has a small county, (Berks Co., Pa.) He writes that he expects to sell one gross be
and per day, at retail, the coming eLason, not eounting wholesale. You have the priv
rice ilege of selling wholesale or retail, or putting it on commission with druggists, or
lia selling by sub-agents. This business is worth the attention of good men and men po
of capital. Should you make but reasonable wagee-sy $100 per month for the
Afirst three months (many make more--you would nevertheless be establishing a
ad- business that would pay you largely in the end.
Agents are doing better with our Remedy that anything else they ever took -
hold of. Why is tbist Because the Remedy'does just as we say, and our agents
old can warrant every bottle. Noe ure, no pay. Knowing that we make all loser I
cul good, should they be called on to redeem a bottle, agents run no risk of losm.
cr Seven Seals or Golden Wonder is put up in $1,00 and 50 cent bottles, eltegantly
i in- finished in neat and appropriate wrappers, and packed in nice boxes, one dozen in
imn each box.
mi To druggists our scale of prices are-Large size, $1.00 bottles, per dozen, $8.00
ical small size. 50 cent bottles, per dozen, $4.50.
aste We give special terms to our County Agents at such figures tbhat they can sell
wel- to druggists and country stores at the above price and make a handsome proflt.
olds We also give an
erl Extra Premium to Agents i
In order to have live, energetic men to take hold of the business at once, we
i we have concluded to give free gratis to each and every agent tapresent of a handsome,
fle
SCoin Silver Hunting Watch, Free,
Beautifully engraved, and correct time-kaeper, worth 20,00, and a certifate of
; agency givingSOLE CONTROL of such county as the agent may select (not al
ge, ready taiken); and,furthermore, all orders coming from such counties as the agent
e, may select, will be sent back by us to the agent to be filled-in fact we give sole
control of such counties as long as the agent continues in the business. Remember,
the Premium Wateh is given gratis to the agents. We take this plan to have our
Great Remedy quickly and thoroughlJitroaduee. Let us hear from yeou at your
earliest convenience, and secuare yoear county at once, before being taken by some
t, one else. Remember, this offer Is open for a short time only.
Mo. A Small Clpital Required to Russ a Imarge Papiag Busieu.
The eapital required is very small, and the proits from it will fully equal that of
thousands of merchbants who have invested a large capital In their business. Hun
dreds in all parts of the eountry are making from $1.500 TO $5,000 A YFEAR.
And hundreds more will date their sueaccess from accepting our liberal offer at this
time. Any one willing to work for success can force it, but those who believe that
it can be had from idleness are not the kind of men we want to push our business.
We want
A LI E, ENIRGETIC AGENT.
As one each ii worth a dozen who expect a business to push itself. We have spent
in pusbhing our business ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS.
It has paid us todo it, and it pays oar agents, as it advertises it thoarunghly in
el State, County and Township in the United 8tates-not only for us, but for
the t Remember, this Isa life busiess and that every year it grows larger
ad larger.
BI. We will send to partles eontemplating to set as our Agents a SAMPLE DOZEN
BOTTLE8 securel- packed with oar difterent Posters, Bills, Show Cards, Terms, etc.,
UL PON THE RECEIPT OF 8.O. And all sending $n2'0 for Sample Dean, we
t will send free of charge. Sampts of our Eight Elegant Chromes, entitled:
Lke Good MlersgI Good Nigh! Feedimg te Chick.s. I ofeo as Grse I Oat
nd oftAe '1ai g Pan Bo. Peep BReading Use Bible I PfrtLson Il
p- If yonu t yaour eounty let us know as soon as conveieniet, as the territory may
t be beia W We would be pleaed to have parties who cOntplate taking ao agen.
di e, tio for Sample of this wonderftal Remedy orengagg largly
the Ia the business.
RIdMBER, WEi GARANTEEB E~EBY BO2TLB.
0. No. O UR ! NO PAY!
With thesesuggestios we leave the matter with yo We do not wish you to
Ii eu~*gP less you will 1llow the busies s abbianless, and really desire to make
Ug moasy. Werant note bitt eonesientious men. To such we will guarantee
74 anc e. Adaee al
FLORAL GUIDE It
'zor 1876. their
mess
P UBLISHED QUARTERLY. JANUtA- It i
Sry Number just issued, and contains ures t
over 100 Pages, 500 Engraving, descrip- exce
tions of more than 500 of our best Flow
er and Vegetables, with directions for cul- cial p
ture, Colored Plate, etc. The most use- over
ful and elegant work of the kind in the 11 lag
world. Only 25 cents for the year. Pub- derst4
lished in English and German. era ti
Address, JAMES VICK, gener
Jan. 16-1y. Rochester, N. Y. Its
news
ALL PAPERS QUOTE FROM1 0 ! ! t
corre
THE Its
Detroit Free Press.:who
peýn
The liveliest of family newspapers, full calc1
of interesting news, literature, humorous teres
sketches, spicy paragraph, etc. Sample On
Copies free. Subscription $2 00 a year, more
post-paid. Address than
DETROIT FREE PRESS. ed li
Detroit, Mich. the I
able a
NEW YORK TRIBUNE I ack!u
The Leading American Newspaper. ra
THE BEST ADVERTISING MEDIUM. men
Daily, $10.00 a year; Semi-Weekly, old a
$3.00; WtAkly, $2.00 de a
POSTAGE FREE TO THE SUBSCI- clan
BER. men
Specimen copies and advertising rates Iti
free. Weekly, in clubs of 30 or more, per c
only $1.00, postage paid. Address and
THE TRIBUNE, exce
New York. T,
ever
ARTHUR'S ILLUSTRATED
HOME MAGAZINE
FOR 1876.
m-aIn
Bright, cheerful, progressive, always up
to the advancing thought of the timeK.
The Home Magazine takes rank with the
leading and most influential periodicals
of the day. It is on the side of temper
ance and true christian morality. What
ever is hurtiful it condemns without
fear or favor, and makes itself felt in the
' homes of the people as a power for good. ta
The Great Household Magazine of it
!, America, is more thoroughly lentitied a
with the people in their hoen and so
ir cial life than any other periodical in the
"Deborah Norman; her work and her
' reward." A new serial story by T. S.
Arthur will be commenced in January.
"FIFTY YEARS AGO; or the cabins
of the West," by Rosella Rice. We an- 1o
Snonunce this new series of articles with go
of real pleasnre, knowing as we do that it
will be among the most attractive that
we shall offer our readers next year. 3
Miss Rice, besides holding the pen of a rs
ready writer. has in her possession a large 5
amount of original material from which
to draw, and a wide acquaintance with !
people whose personal reminiscence are
ie rich with pioneer incidents and experi- l
ala ences.
a- "Homes for the People," a series of ad- w
he mirably suggestive articles on homes and
d- how to make them pleasant and attrac- a
he tive, by Mrs. E. B. Duffey.
ir- "The Story Teller." This department
r. will be unusually rich. Besides an t
to abundance of short stories, two or thre ..
d serials will be given during the year.
ad "Pipsissiway" Potts the inimitable de
It Imeator of home life and character, will
y have an article in every number.
Butterick's newest patterns for ladie'
and childrens'dresses are given by spe
cial arrangement every month. N
The Mothers' Department will be care
ully edited and have suggestive articles
from our beat and most experienced wri
ters.
The Housekeepers' Department will be
full anid practical, and contain many eio
Stributions from experienced housekeep
ers.
o '"The Lion in Love' and "The Interrnp- '
to ted Reader," two large and splendid pre-a
mium engravings. One of these is sent
free to every subscriber.
e $ 50 a year is the price of ARTHUR'8
'o ILLUSTRATED HOME MAGAZINE.
In clubs; S copies for $6; 6 and one ex
tra to the getter up of the elub $19. 10
and one extra (.  15 cents must
s be added to each subscription for pre
iv payment of postage for the year. Spe
or cimen numbers 15 eents, in cunrrency or
eu postage stamps.
T. 8. ARTHUR & SON,
Sa Philadelphia, Pa.
Sa WILLIAMS' MOWER 4 REAPER S
I
ptt . I
weOsage o ad Cob MiI
o f e o eqamrd I
ant 35au as m
ber, i a Sp I3, 5 I3 g] & CO, I
our e
IS Aalk tm Ie S OW. HILLEL
ONAIL LENBM aEED MIL8
Ot!
that witbesas se usi, mak
yin L ,EaCm,.
ama
onto OOTa ONnt GINa. pna s
Ub0U se auz
WHY YOU SHOULD TAKE
THE CINCINNATI ENQullEn ,
It is the People's paper, devoed to
their interests and welfare.
It is an impartial friend to all nmlud
measures that benetit the country.
It is the enemy of all men and p
urea that seek only personal gain' at t~
expense of the country's welfare.
Its editorial columns are for the ua.
cial purpose of exposing the frsale o
government officials, and laws eatr
in language caleulated to deceive thes~.
derstanditgi .and make plain to its tm"
era the ttttites, causes and eft
general and special legislative aets.
Its news columns contain the lta
news and intelligence that can be obis.
ed from the four quarters of the l.
by means of the telegraph, mails
correspondepce.
Its agricunltral columns are the bl
adapted to the Wants of farmets, algJ
whom are invited to give their expau
ence and results of new ideas andt t
perimenta of all kinds of improvemel
calculated to advance the farming b
terests.
One issue of the IEnquirer coat
more solid information and initellip.
than can be had from fifty of the so esq.
ed hterary papers. None can lay ami
the Enquirer without admitting a vale
able addition to his or her stock ofkaurl
Its market reports have for yeamt
acknowledged as the moht completeu
reliable published, and of great valor ti
Stock Dealers, Producers and Z'rsai
men generally.
It has departments and reading farthi
old and the young. For the family d*
cle and the counting house-Forthe am
chant and mechanic-For the famer ad
stock dealer, and fbr ladies and masd
men of every calling and stastiea in liN
Its terms are low as any first leat
per can be printed for, and the qj
and quantity of reading matter ued hm
excelled by any other paper.
Try it for this year. A Chrome tf
every $2.00 Subscriber. Send your al
scription direct to the office.
R. R. R.
RADWAY'S READY RELIEF
oUwn %n= WORST ?AES
Ian fom One to Twenty Mlnags i
SOT ONE HOUR
netslw Ao.adnrse..ntaeaseifm -
suFFlK worn PAIN.
3aDwAT? LEADY RRLIR I1 A phi
KVRMI VAIN.
Ia ws.Ms sens
The Only Pain laemrd
if ummaouos ad curons V sions. s n w ,
d eassppucao.
111 FROM o ?O T WSNT mlES
e taitter how violent or ezeraeloT sa a
RKUMAYTI, Be4-ndd. Infirm. CrIn ppd,
rursigle, or prustrated with dileeussl
" RADWAY'S READY RELlP
SwnIL Aur D Ion STANt an
INPLAM9ZN or T19 MBLOW
h COONOKSTIOM O 3 I
it PATLPTATIO or na oar s
ASI rIEIW CROUP, DmTmIA.
. IEADAcAs, I OTE8ACr ., 'I.
IKURALBIA&, uI~e~a
a 0D 01CHII, AGs UIu sInI.
TMappneat tiroote Dsed s plsfsi
fwb a y arpss alfatmmblse etwat
Mdse IITBRIALPAIN.
- at' woadot Rtelr wa lihan. oar. m
E- IbEAniml. lr UTlrf
W enIs arl av wendar iet
t e aVnd AND AlU- ,
o Tit ANDAOU LYfor in mn
brilapi Jnt w 11I er i  In1e
10 is. tasantSNLaIa. ii i -O"
Teiliw sad cabot Fres[li 515W
i le- **- - ---"
SHEILTH! !BEA TII.
3130T3IPU~gMP AMND fUD3 OES-IOIII
be DR. RADWAY S.I
.p- HC At .L@ OUV iI,
I verj af b l.al
Aeinh mi j asil
spsa s n east aWooeab5 HuMiEU
me.
t .a,, o.u.su ahn3 a_ cos
).r. ' a g .. PaLInD TRUE." bad
k'1.Patentlrro Matu unod.
5;APU3S0
ucefedi flf
wkmB"1~bWk~
~~n Wood ?N: