The St. Louis (lobe.-Democrat,
the proprietor of which is board
ing in the Missouri State peniten
tiary at government expense for
frauds connected with crooked
whisky, stamulers out that there
are but three thousandI and odd
troops iin the South iwclzulin4j those
on the Texas frontier.
As the Gltbe-Dan crat has one
foot in limbo for stealing, we
would not be at all astonished to
see the other in i hotter place for
lying. The radical Secretary of
War reports seves thousand and
:dd troops in the South and we
are pained to see the Globe-Demo
crat attempt to deprive that fune
tionary of the honor of his report.
There is a marked disemilarity
between squares of soldiers and
crossed iron in a prison window,
hence the want of knowledge of
these matters shown by the Globe
.Democrat.
Let the "Conservative element
do as much for the peace of the
State as the Republicans have ef
fected for its reputation, and the
future welfare of the State will be
assured.--Republican.
If the "Conservatives" propose
to do as much tor the peace, as the
llepnblican have for the reputa.
tion of Louisiana, we call on all
the Gods at once to save the State.
Reputation, indeed, that's a fine
word to roll under the tongue of
the dirty thieves of this parish.
After robbing our people, using
cavalry to arrest them, doing all
peace breaking themselves, it seems
"cheeky" to thus address the con
servatives and advise them to a
"peace" in line with the deep and
damning stain radicalism his left
upon Louisiana. That kind of
"peace" every man in Louisiana
revolts at; that kind of peace the
radicals will never have, which
shall be purchased at the price of
chains and degradation. Peace
and prosperity must come, and
will"only come, when virtue and
intelligence rules our councils;
any and all "conservatism" that
panders to ignorance and vice is
far worse, far more degrading
than radicalism itself.
Little Phil Sheridan continnes
to worry the world with Indian
dispatches from Chicago. The
New Orleans Tste, growing ap
prehensive of the safety of this
doughty knight of the Lousiana
1-iindit, liieg the powers that be
to more him further East, or "be
the powers" he may do something
desperate, ueah as avenging the
death of Caster and his soldiers,
for instance.
SWhaf a fine skirmisher he
would make for O'Donoran Ross
'and the Irish World, and to ntalize
the "pot ballied ess" we hereby
tender him to that 'fund.' Englan.
maq.not tremble in her boots at
the sight of him, but we are as
sated, the more she sees of him
the les she'llove him.
This telk of radical organizations
thmrougut the parish is all talk
O"fideot Wards 11 and 12 there
isu; organization and very little
fa tldhm. The colored people can
sot be foled with the old cry o
pitth.g back in slavery," and "fo
Sty art6s. with a male, consequent
lythe iadleals can make no head
ay. Conaidering the class of"
-hqr they have we venture to
y they S htever will rally a res
e~.t colored party around
:'*1, rajissls donot find time to
4 o,.f Ouster andhis band but
uvi$j nto expend the last man
sn4~ last (ollr hi uastaining
t sir apte, pht e ri.iee ps.
SOurandidates are coming for
iwad alewly and announcing their
-(aas. We hear of but a fe*,
n- moa 4li Pe they, will so let
their . t shine ha. all may see.
- e, ttulmate .'iiude of the &rrtas
, deli *lltslpppottho i1,oi al l Dem.
vad*e-ahP4on be coanted
?,-jtm .t*"Ist, wes, ·  e (s.t the
r . -- - te , eti.
So i._ -.
MARTIN & SMITH,
-STEA M
SAW MILL,
Six miles south of the city of Natchitoches
PRICE:
At the mill, per M. ....... $5.00 to S10.00
Delivered in town, per M.,.........14.00
W E TAKE pleasure i informing the
public that we at prepared to take
CONTRACTS to build cabins, furnishing
therefor, lumber, material and labor, at
very low rates.
BOX COTTAGE,
with galler". 14x18 feet, complete, shin.
gled1 roof, lint up for $125.00
BOX COTTAGE, 12x15 feet, with gal
lery, complete, put up for $100,
Planters and others will find it to their
interest to give us a call.
Orders left at this office or with Louis i
Dupleix, will meet with prompt atten
tion.
ir[ Orders left willl Mr. E. Smith, at
Willis Holmes' will meet with prompt
attention. ds4.
MARTIN & SMITH.
April 10- ly.
L Get your printing done at
the VINDICATO3 Job Ofice.
WILD OATS.
PROSPECTUS FOR 1876.
Champiou dAmerican Comic Paper !
Illustrated by a corps of the best Ameri
can artists, and contributed to by the
most popular humorists and satirists of
the day.
Wild Oats now enters successfully up
on the sixth year of its existence, and
has become the established humorous and (
satirical paper of the country. It was
started and continued the first year as a
nlonthly, then, to satisfy the demand of
the public, it was changed to a fortnight.
ly. Still continuing its good work of
hitting folly as it flies, and showing up
the political and social shams by its
masterly cartoons and pungent editorials,
it achieved even greater success than 1
before, and was recognized as the ablest
and brightest of its class. Since then we
have yielded still further to the public
demand, and now publish Wild Oats
weekly f It has literally grown into its
present shape on its intrinsic mnrrits, be
ing the first successful weekly humorous
paper ever published in this country.
Among the artists especially engaged
to furnish' illustrations for Wild Oats are
Frank Bellew, Thomas Worth Hopkins,
Wales, Shelton, Wolf, Jump, Keettels
Stcnekhardt, Day, Poland, and several
others who are yet knownt to fame.
In its literary departments Wild Oats
will, as it always has, stand alone and
unapproachable. At least one first-class
serial story will always be found in its
pages, by the best humorous, satirical,
and character writers in the United
States; while its sketches and squibs
will be sparkling, original and pointed.
Wild Oats will be first-class in every
particular, and on this account may be
taken into the best families without fear
or suspicion, as no wo d or illustration
will appear that can offend the most fas
tidious.
*P' &Send for a Sample Copy and
Convince Yourselves.
,UB ~OiuPTZeOH rPIbOt- - -
One Year...................... 4 00
Six Months..................... - 2 00
Three Months................... 1 00
8ingle Copies.................. 10
Any person sending us a club of five
subscribers for one year will receive a
copy gratis.
Address,
COLLINS & SMALL.
Publishers, 113 Fulton Street, N. Y.
EVERY LADY SHOULD TAKE IT.
PETElSON'g iAGAZINE,
THE CHEAPEST AND BEST IN
THE WORLD.
Postage Pre-Paid on all 8abscriptions.
This popular Monthly Msagazine gives
more for the money than any in the
world. For 1870, it will be greatly im
proved. It willoontain One Thousand
. Fourteen Splendid Steel Plates,
Twelve Colored Berliu Patterns, Twelve
Mammoth Colored' Fashions, Nine Hun
dred Woodl Cats, TWenty-Four Pages of
Music. All this will be given for only
Two Dollars a year, postage preltdd by
the pnblisher, or a dollar less than Mag
azines of the clases f "Peterson." Its
THRILBLINO TALzE8 AND NOV
Ei, TIE8
Amre the best published anywhere. All
the most poualar writers are employed
to write originally "Peterson." In 1ltfl,
In addition to the usual qmantity of short
stories. Five Original Copyright 3Novel
ette will be given, by Mrs. Ann 8. Stf
phens, Frank Lee lenedlet, Jane G. Au
tin Marietta Holley and ahisy Ventnor.
MAMMOTH. COLOREq FASHION,
PLATES
Ahead of all othtrs. These plates are
engraved on steel. Twice the usual size,
and are unenqualed for beauty. They
will be superbly colored. Also House.
hold and other receipts; in short, every
thing interesting to ladice s.a
SUPERB PREMIUM ENGRAVING!i
To every person getting up either of
the tollowing clubs fnor 1875 will be sent
gratis, a copy of our new and splendid
meszotlnt for farming, (size 21 Inches by
tI), "Washingtou'spirst interview with
His Wife?. This is a Five Dollar Engra
vinug, and the most desirable preomm
everoffered. For large elubs, as will be
seen below, an extra copy of Masazine
will be sent in additon.
TERMS (Always in Advance) 81.00
a YEAR.
Poiuag. Prepail by the Pulish er.
2 Copies for................ 8 60
3. 4................. 400'
-, 2 .,,1( +-.-((...... -,.-.-........,8 1
superb mezzotint. "Washington's First
interview With His Wife," to the per
sou getting up the Club. ,
Address, post-paid,
CHARLES J. PETERSON,
306 Chesnut street, Pa.
&-0 Specimens sent gratis if Written
for.
THE BEST PAPER. TRY IT.
POSTAGE FREE.
* Beautifully Illustrated.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN now in
its 30th year, enjoys the widest circula
tion of any weekly newspaper of the kind
in the world. A new volume commences
r January 4, 1875.
Its contents embrace the latest an~d most
I interesting information pertaining to the
Industrial, Mechanical, and Scientific Pro.
gress of the World ; Descriptions, with
I Beautiful Engravings, of New Inventions,
t New Processes, and Improved Industries
of all kinds; Useful Notes, Recipes, Sug
gestions and Advice, by Practical Writers.
for Workmen and Employers in all the
various arts.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN is the
cheapest and best illustrated weekly pa
per published. Every nmber contains
from 10 to 15 original engravings of new
machinery and novel inventions. .
ENORAV'IGS, illustrating Improve
ments, Discoveries, and Important Works,
pertaining to Civil And Mechanical Engi
neering, Milling. Mining and Metallurgy;
Records of the latest progress in the Ap
pIlications of Steam, Steam Engineering,
IRailways. Ship Building, Navigation.
Telegraphy, Telegraph Engineering, Elec
tricity, Magnetism, Light and Heat.
FARMERS, Meehanules Engineers,
Inventors, Manufacturers. Chemists, Lov
ers of Science, Teachers, Clergyinen, Law
· yers, and People of all Professions, will
f find the SCiENTIFIC c AMEICAN tsetnl to
them. It should have a place in every
Family, Library, Study, office, and Colbit
ing Room; in every Reading Room,
I College, Academy orSchool,
A year's unumbers contain 832 pages and
SEVERAL HUNDRED EoRAvINxs Thou
f sands of volumes are perserved for bind
iug and reference. The practical receipts
r aze well worth ten times the subscription
price. Terms $3 20 a year by mail, in
cluding postage. Disc. unt to Clubs Spe
cimens sent free. May be had of all News
Dealers.
PIATENTS In connectionwith
SATE the SCIENTIFIC
AiERICAN, Messrs MUNN & Co. are
Solictors of American and Foreign Patents,
and have the largest esthlishnent in the
world More than fifty thousand applica]
tions have been made for patents through
their agency.
Patents are obtained on the best terns
Models of New inventions and sketches
examined and advice free. A special
notice is made in the Scientific American
of all Inventions Patented through this
Agency, with the name and resident of
the Patentee. Patents are often sold in
part or whole, to persons attracted to the
invention by such notice. Send for
9 Pamphlet, 110 pages, laws and full di
rections for obtainlng Patents.
A4dlress for the Paper, or concerning
Patents, Muss & Co., 37 Park Row
N. Y. Brach Office, cor. F al 7th Sts.
e Washinton, i C.
e Jany 11875.-lv
JOURNAL OF
AGRICULTURE AND FARIER.
A Wookly for Farm, Or.
Schard and Family Circle.
The Weekly Journal and Farmer is a
0 consolidation of the monthly Journal of
Agriculture and the Weekly Missouri
e Farmer, is now tihe greatest leading popu
a lar Fsarm and Fireside paper of the
Sonthwest.
Its departments are conplete and ably
edited. The Grange is a leading feature,
and this delpartment is always full of
good things contribnted by the members
- of the Order. The ladies are heard
* through the columns devoted to their in
terests, and many hints of household
utility and good advice can be gleaned
I by those who wish to become ornament.
Sn their homes and by their firesides.
All classes will be instructed by reading
the Journal of Agrienltnre and Farmer,
. and no family should be without it. Its
MARKET REPORTS
are complete, antlentic and reliable, and
the paper is worth the subscription price
r. alone to get its markets, freaksh and rtelia
ble every week.
Send for it! Read it! Take its ad
e vice, and it will pay you.
SMen and women, boys and girls, old
and young, give the Journal of Agricul
tore an d armer a trial for one year,
S Iand see fyou have not maule a good in
vestment. It is a large t8 page, 48 column
weekly Agricultural, Orange and FaIni
ly Newspalper, and is free from political
and religious discussions, and its ehaste
and wel written pages makes it a wel
eome visitor in thousands of households
Sin the great Mississippi Valley.
Clnb agents wanted, to whom liberal
terms will be given. We want agents
in every town and village.
Send for specimen copy free, ind we
ask that you send us the naumues of yeaour
Sfriend., sm hat we may muod them ape
amean eim.
. nSlestion prio,, $. ppra nnam;
clunk.s efr more, 01.50 *seh. Po.stage,
S1 cents must be sent with eabh same,
as we prepay every paper sent out.
01 Address
CHEW, CORDELL &r CO.,
a 3810 North Sixth Street,
St. Louis, Mo.
WHIWATEATERWAO0
A80 WRING AID DEMOCRAT W NI
Whore .we have noAgents
We will sell dirc t qparties
desiring them. Poee aWd
pliatao_. Th* Whitewate,.r:
oossao trifemhorve than orvd:i
I nay'Y agons, but is the-
Cheapesi the long run.
SEMPIE, BIRGE&CO.
Is SOUTH 1 1srT., ST:.LOUlI.
atis writing us, w!llt
p e meuneton $s what pa
pea. ta ye our 4veinuse.
y I.' t.tvs i
F 0";
WE WANT AN AGENT IN
EVERY COUNTY
-IN THE- '
UNITED STATES!
----on---
Gold Coin $1,00.00 in Gold!
"---00
SWe Challenge the World,
And will forfeit $1,000 to any person who can produce a remedy which will prove J
by actual test, a more s ieedy, certasn sad effectual cure for all Pains and Aches of
lwhatever.fornt, external and internal, acute or chronic, deep-seated or otherwise
thnDr. Radcliffs Great Remedy,
Seven Seals or Golden WONDER I
' We have hail this challenge of $1,003 prominently displayed in all our Circulars
h and Newspaper Advertisements, for the last four years, and not taken, which o
tl shows the superior excellence of our Remedy over all other. For External or In- a
" ternal use. C
It will Effect a Speedy Cure in all Cases of
Headache, Neuralgia, Toothache, Sprains, Bruises.
te Flesh Wounds, Burns, Uolic, Cramp, Cholera
Mýorbus, Flux, Diarrhoea, Bronchitis. Catarrh,
coughs, colds, Inflammatory Rheuma
tism, Asthma, Phthisic, Heartburn,
indigestion, Summer complaint, I
Pains in Side, Back or Loins,
Piles, Ringworm, Felons,
Stings of Insects, Bites of
Venomous Serpents,
and Especially Ru
matism.
A POWERFUL REMEDY Which is taken Internally by ANY ONE
,p --- oo-
This celebrated medicine is beyond a doubt tie greatest discovery in Medi
d eal Science known to the womld. Its action is at once felt; its wonder
ful cures are instantaneous; in fact it literally demnolishes pain.
s ---00
n EQUALLY GOOD FOR MAN OR BEAST.
----oo --
- -REMEMBER WE GUARANTEE EVERY BOTTLE.
No Cure, No Pay!
Try it, and be Convinced.
a SOURCE OF HAPPINESS TO. MILLIONS OF SUFFERING HUMANITY.
During the past four years the wonderfiul success of this Great Remedy hle far V
is exceeded our most sanguine exlpectatinns; thousands have been cured, and thou- c
es ands have found out trom actual experience that Dr. Radeliffls Great Remedy,
al Seven Seals or iGolden, Wonder, is the Most Wonderful Pain Destroyer iu Existence. r
in the Most Exp,.diens, Safe and powerful Remedy known in the World. Cures are
is effected almost Instantly, as if by Ma ,ic. Thousands of certificates have bean re
of ceived from o'I parts of our broad land, unsolicited and unasked for, speaking in
in Ireartfelt and universal praise of this Great Htemedy. fronu personal knowledge of u,
me its almost miraculous powers in curing the most obstinate and protracted cases of
sr Diseases. v
ii- --00-
$100 Profit in Four Months! 1,872 One Dollar Bottles Hold! I
wREAD THIS :a
Scott Town, Lawrence County, Ohio,
Messrs. KENNEDY & CO.-Dear Sirs: At this late :lour I will inform you of the I
great benefit I received from the use of Dr. Radclitl s Great Remedy, Seven Seals
or Golden Wonder, after beaig confined to my bed for eight years with it complica
tion of diseases, viz: Dyspop.ia. Bronchitis, Palpitation of the ileart, Pain in the
Right Side, with Gen.ieral Dcvbiity, for which I tried the skill of our home physi
oians, also a doctor of New York City, and two of Pittsburgh, annd one in the
northern part of Ohio. Took enough patent medlicione to swim in-all to no pur
pose. At lgth I wau induced to try Dr. R:ulclitf's Seven Seals or Golden Wonder.
eat and not six cifty cent bottles, and before uiing it all fiunnd mvn.ltI sr n tao
have sold thirteen gross, or 1,82 bottles, up to this date, A gust 01th, 1oth , a iand
expect fronm the groiving demand to sell ten thousand (10,000) bottles in thie inext I
year. GUentlemei, if you think this worth using you can do so, as I am generally
Iknown over three counties as a luau of great afllictionu.
S Yours Respectfully, H.J. DARLING.
,-- O.--oo -
SA REMEDY FOi HARD TIMIES. TRY IT.
me I
FOR THIS GREAT REMEDY WE WISH YOU TO ACT AS OUR AGENT. I
e, Dear Sir:-The above fully explains thie articles we wish to sell. This business
of is honorable, anid by being emergetie, will mpay ou well. It is our desire to ap- I
Ii poit an agent inii every county in all parts of the United States and Canada, granut- t
i nig to each the exclusive right to sell every bottle sold in the county. Should you e
i- accept the agency for one or more eountles,y'ou shall have the exclusive right to
Id sell every bottle sold in your county, as long as you continue to act as ear agent, t
l and all orders which we may receive front your territory shall be turned over to a
a your account. f
s. This Wonderful Remedy, Seven Seals or Golden Wonder, sells rapidly in the
g hands of the right kind of men, and we want none other. Now if you tlhink you 1
, are the man for the work, forward your order, name your county, anti go to work; I
s you can sell a gross in a few days, without a doubt. We have one nuan who blys
on an average three gross per week, and his orders are increasing rampidly, and he
has a smdll county, (Berks Co., Pa.) He writes that he expects to sell one gross 1
per day, at retail, the coming season, not counting wholesale. You have the priv
ege of selling whlolesale or retail, or putting it on eommission with druggists, or
belling by sub-agents. This business is worth thie attention of good men anmd men
of capital. Should you make but reasonable wages-say $100 per month for the
first three months (many make more)--you would nevertheless be establishing a
Sbusiness that would pay you largely in the end.
SAgents are doing better with our Remedy than anything else they ever took
bold of. Why is this T Because the Remed3 does just as we say, and our agents
can warrant every bottle. No cure, no pay. Knowing that we make all losses
- good, should they be called on to redeem a bottle, agents run no risk of loss.
Seven Seals or Golden Wooder is put up in ,1,0: and 50 cent bottles, elegantly
Sfinished in neat andalppropriate wrappers and lteked iu nice hoxes, one dozecn in
each box.
To drngjlsts our escale of prices are-Large size, $1.00 bottles, per dozen, $8.00
nall size. 50 cent bottles, per dozen, $4.50.
We give specinl terms to our County Awents at suech figures that they can sell
to druggistls and coautryt stores at the atove price and make a' handsome profit.
We also give an
SExtra Premium'to Agents !
s In order to have live, energetic men to take hold of the business at once, we
have concluded to give free gratis to each and every agent a present of a handsome,
Coin Silver Hunting Watch, Free,
Neantifilly engraved, and correct time-keeper, worth $20,00, and a certificate of
I agency givingSOLE CONTROL of such county as the agent may select (not al
, ready taken); aud, furthennrmore, all orders coming from sucneh counties as the ageit
, may select, will be sent back by as to the agent to be filled-in fact we give sole
control of etch countIesas long as the sagent'ontinaes inl the kuneiness. Remember,
the Premium Watch is given gratds to the agents. We take this plan to have our
Great Remedy quickly and thoroughly introdiued,. Let is hear from you at your
earliest convenience, and secure your county at once, before being taken by some
one else. Remember, this oler is open for a short time only.
--oo
A &naUl Capital Requiredl to Rtun dr Lrge Paying Buiaess.
- The capital required is very small, and the profits from it will fully equal that of
thousands of merchants who have investedl a large capita in their bnsiness, Hun
dreds in all parts of the country are making from $1 500I TO s5,00u A YEAR.
And hundreds more will date thrir suecceNs traim accepting our liberal offer at this
time. Aty one willing to work for mucccss canl force it, but those who belie'e th,,t
it can be had from idleness are not the kind of men we wanit to push our business.
We want
A LIVE, ENERGET'IC AGENT.
As one mach is worth a dozen who expect a itsiiiess to push itself. We have sp.nt
In pushing our business ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOL) AR.i.
It has paid us todo it, and it pays our agentts, as it advertintes it thourouglyv ira
every State, County aurd Tovnship in the Uuited tates--iot ouly fotbr us, butt Di
the Agent Remember, this is a life bunsinesa aid that every year it grows larger
and llarj.mr.
SWe woll senu to parties contemplating to set as our Agents a SAMPLE DOZEN
BOTTLE seeurely packed with our diflerent Posters, Bills, show Cards, Terms, etc.,
IUPON THIE RECEIPT OF 2.50. And all sendiig *2..0 for Saaple Dozen, we
will send free of charge. Samples of our Eight Elegant 'ihromov, entitled:
Ifyoa yeant gylr coanty, let us know a as isoon as convenient, as the territory may
.be taken. We would p-bePlsea d to have parties who contemplate taling a agen
Sey,to aend for ample Pakage of this wonderful Remedyy before engaging larg]ly
"RMMBEBR, WE GABARNTE EVERY BOTTL.
NO CURE ! NO PAY !
With these sggestions we leave the matter with you. We do not wish you to
e ugagse unlos you will ellow the business a business, and really desire to make
money. We want none but honest, conscientious men. To such we will guarantee
snees. Address all cmmanications to
.:. P-"p;o,'i a ittburgh,Pa.
4P~p stI tui n t'hatpst y saw this adverdteienemt.
VICK'S
FLORAL GUIDE
For* 1873.
P;UBLISHED QUARTERLY. JANUA
Sry Numberjust issued, and cntains
over 100 Pages, 500 Engraving, descrip
tions of more than 500 of our best, Flow
ere and Vegetables, with directions for cul
ture, Colored Plate, etc. The most use.
fil and elegant work of the kind in the
world. Only 25 cents for the year. Paub
lished in English and German.
Address, JAMES VICi,
Jan. 16-ly. Rochester, N. Y.
ALL PAPERS QUOTE FROIT! I
THE
Detroit Free Press.
The liveliest of family newspapers, fill
of int-resting news, literature, humorous t
sketches, spicy paragraph, etc. Sample
Copies free. Subscription $2 00 a year, ,
post-paid. Address t
DETROIT FREE PRESS. t
Detroit. Mich. t
NEW YORK TRIBUNE !
The Leading American Newspaper. r
THE BEST ADVERTISING MEDIUM.
Daily, $10.00 a year; Semi-Weekly,
$3.00; Weekly, t2.00
POSTAGE FREE tO THE SUBSCI- c
BER.
Specimen copies and advertising rates '
free. Weekly, in clubs of 30 or more,
only $1.00, postage paid. Address
THE TRIBUNE,
New York. e
e
ARTHUR'S ILLUSTRATED
HOME MAGAZINE
FOR 1876.
Bright, cheerful, progressive, always up
to the advancing thought of the tines.
The Howe Magazine takes rank with the
leading and most influential periodicals
of the day. It is on the side of temper
auce and true christian morality. What
ever is hurtiful it cocdemnaus without
fear or favor, and makes itself felt in the
homes of the people as a power for good.
The Great Household Magazine of
America, is more thoroughly identified
with the people in their home and so
cial litc than any other periodical in the
country.
-"Deborah Norman; her work and her
reward." A new serial story by T. S.
: rt hnr will be comimenced in January.
"FIFTY YEARS AGO; or the eabins
of the West," by Rosella Rice. We :n
nounco this new series of articlcs with
real pleasure. kntowig as we do that it
will be among the nmost attractive that
we shall offer our readers text year.
Miss Rice, besides holding the pelt of a
ready writer has itn her lpos.4eesesinl a large
amount of original material from which
to draw, and a Wide :qiluaintalnce with
people whose perainal reminiscence are
rich with pioneer incidents and experi
ences.
"Homnes for the People," a series of ad
mnirably suggestive articles on hlomles and
how to imake them pleasant and attrac
tive, by Mrs E. B.- uff~ey.
"The Story Teller." This department
will be unusually rich. Besidea an
UIballctllnl;ea f short stories, two or three
serials wila le given rlaring the year.
"Pipsissiway" Potts thie inimitable de
Ileatorof houme litfe and character, will
have an artiiAe in every numiber.
Blutterick's tnewest patterns for ladies'
andt childrents' dresses are given by tlc
cil arrangemtent every mouth.
The Mothers' Department will be care
fully edited and have suggestive articles
from our best and most experienced wri
ters.
SThe Housekeepers' Department will be
fmll sad practical, and contaiu many con
tribatious from experienced housekeep
ers.
'The Lion in Love' and "TIe Interrup
ted Reader,n two large and splendid pre
mium engravings. One of these is sent
free to every subscriber.
*2 50 a year is the price of ARTHUR'8
ILLUSTRATED HOME MAGAZINE.
In clubs; 3 copies for $6; 6 and one ex
tra to the getter up of the elub $13. 10
and one extra $20. IP" 15 eedite must
be added to each sbseeription for pre
payment of postage for the year. Spe
cimen numabers 15 eents, in eirrency or
postage stamps.
T. S. ARTHUR &4 SON,
Philadelphia, Pa.
WILLIAMS' MOWER t REAPER
SEPLE, BIRGE & CO.,
13 koth Main8 tmt, LoIk I
EVERii FARMEfR HIS OWI ILLELf
CHALLENGE FEED MILL8S
Combined
8HELLERSAID BRINDEE
Osage Cort anmd Cob Mills.
SEXPLE, BIR(E U & CO,
lath Mla at Lems
THE DUBOIS PATENT
Th.eigbt Pimium at the it Fir at
Dsi, T umaussmLk, - l- . -sl-um..a, a.
'pll.Sbi . S'La LtaS
WHY YOU ' o:L L TAKE
THE CINCINNATI ENQg
It is the People's V'ler, der
their interests and weare, to. t
It is an ixmpartial friend toal u.
measures that benefit the couutrr. :
It is the enemy of all men and
urea that seek only peruueal Iis ot
expense of the country's well
Its editorial cnluln, ate for te
cial purpose ,of exposing the rapt
1ovcrnmtent officials, and laws K
in Ianguage calelanted to de*eiv :
derstauding, and make plain tplo ts
era the motives, causes and 'egg"
general andl speicial legislative acts
its news colmluma contaiu ta .
news and intelligence thattani
ed fhton the four quarters of t
by means of the telegraph,
correspondence.
Its atricultural colunma are tt
adapted to the wants of fare
whom are invited to give their
ence and results of new idea,
perilmetts of all kinds of imli.
calenlatedt to advance the
terests.
One 1sstlO of the Enquirer
more solid informnation and inteo
than can be had from fifty afthe !'
ed literary paperts. None calan
the Enquirer without adaiztting5g
able addition to his or her stook ofd
edge.
Its market reports have for Sye _
acknowledged as the most eoaplgt'
reliable published, and of greattl
Stock Deal.eI, Prodheers and hi,
men generatly.
It hba depatmruents and readilk_.
old and the young. For the fai "
ole and the eutmnting house-F'ori.
chant and meehanice-Fur the filAy 
stock dealer, and for ladis antd
men of every calling and tlatie
Its terms ate low au ny tde,
per can be printed ftir, anu the
and quantity of reading matte 1 I
excelled b" any other paper.
Try it for this year. A Chnrg
every $.00 Subsecriber. end pyu
scriptiou dinect to the office.
R. R. R.
RADWAY'S READY IS
ovrss as weoasr aiaLI
In from One to Twenty MIutlt
NOT ONE HOUR
Awrreadlsgthi.lrsemra maimpe.
SUFFER WilTH PAl. i
RADWATS READY RFP.I7 Ri A CUll
IEVItY PAIX.
It waIthe Str trdi
The Only Pain Renet
ha ts n Ir t taqtasaheseutsrncislg
Langs, Stomach, iowels, wothr Uhsi p
Masspplcada.
IN raox oxato TWUnT ms ':
n mautter bow elolnt or est iyrx 48i
RHERUATIC, Bal ridd. I rp
Iurallis, or pmsrated wth d ist.meat ,-'
RADWAY'S READY RMI
* WILL AFFORD INSTAIT irA
I INMMATION OF THR KIDIIIg.
INFLAMMATION OF Tl0 1i 5.
VAMA IOI OF THE DOWIL
0M THOAT. KDI a ICULT -
ALPITATOUNl OFP ill
BIBTMIl4 OCROUP, DIPHITERIA.
EIADACWS, tOOtoUAC.
EK ., LOlA, aiam
COLD CHILIA, A IOUlt I I'la
Paisll w NS IAaal I PIN J . " -
Travelers eben lways earry abil or
ary's Readr lef wl.rla a AW.i
atermwillpreau or his idoll
Wr.Iwis braqserlhahealnca.brd wrs
Wo wu8E A"& AeWSt
St T rit Elb It Ues wIta us
Euas lla d. u Ia I
Il. lRca a rihm _Il
eF.Fiat c Wete bad s.eal
~l UriC.O RAPID A TEE
ItJb II JU In ltDt I
mmed melaosl
ehea. DRI e. IterA owsp,,u
hon t hsolaamsh
us~sres irdeawa,ioals
rrom~ v 3deew Z
hk~qdIIr*
Rim.Dowes. Iispe l!!s
Vis·as,. mtUtiWSSSP
AhIuoodroaDWAT'
r oien&-r n