THE PEOPLE'S VINDICATOR.
SUPPLEMENT.
LOUISVILLE. e
ite
Our Own Reporter p
Visits the City '
of the Falls,
And Takes a Glance at an
the Mercantile and cii
Manufacturing Es
tablishments. in
th
His Impressions of the Solid Growth
and Future Prosperity of t" h
the Great Emporium of cit
Southern Trade. so
THE MERCHANTS OF THE FALLS CITY. m;
rav
The generous action of the city of Louis
ville in behalf of yellow fever sufferers, in
throwing wide open the doors to those who he
were driven from their homes, and in refusing Ia
to quarantine against the fleeing refugees TI
from Southern cities, has brought that city in
into favorable notice and gained for her the vs
lasting gratitude of the Southern people. ts
We have heard so much in praise of the
bold, fearless and self-sacrificing spirit of this cu
noble city that it has occurred to us to say L
something of the advantages of Louisville as 60
a mercantile and manufacturing center. to
In a pamphlet recently issued by the Bu- ye
reau of Agriculture of the State of Ken. he
tucky, entitled "A General Account of the to
Agricultural, Commercial and Mineral Re
sources of the Commonwealth of Kentucky," re
the following just tribute is paid to Louis- do
ville:
SIt seems strange to say that a State en
dowed by nature with such immense agricul
tural resources as Kentucky should, at the of
same time, be one of the most advantageously vi
located for mechanical and manufacturing in
trades of any other equal.sized territory on
the globe. Yet such is the fact, as the statis- ni
ties of tho raw materials, climate, cheap fuels, bi
water power and centrality of position will a
show. Situated midway between the Gulf of
Mexico and Northern lakes, and also between
the eastern and western ranges of the North tr
American mountains, Louisville, the largest of
city in the State,' becomes the focal point of
the great Mississippi valley. Here, by easy
water communication and railroad facilities,
can be concentrated the cheapest iron, eoal, pi
hard timber as well as cabinet timber, potters' of
clay, kaolin, fire.clay, marble, lithographic re
stone, fine-grain building stone, cement, glass
sand, marl and fluor spar to be found on the
continent."
With the advantages named here of course ol
the manufacturing facilities of Louisville are c
very great, and while many of the resources 44
of the State have not been taken advantage ti
',of as they might be, and will be some day G
not far dietant, yet there is no city in the it
West or South that can compete with Louis- y
ville in the price and quality of the goods E
manufactured there. There is no kind of I
machinery needed in our manufacturing busi- o
ness, no implement wanted on our farms, no
article that is needed in our kitchens and our b
homes, which is not made or sold in Louis- p
ville as cheap as the same goods may be made I
or found in any other city. A glance at the 1
map shows at once the geographical position r
of the City of the Falls and her superior fa- t
cilities for shipping goods to every portion of a
the South. From her grand trunk railroad, I
the Louisville and Nashville and Great South
ern, are scores of branches reaching out into
every section of the country below, while a
dozen majestic steamboate plow the waters of I
La Belle River, laden with freights and pas- 1
sengers to and from the city.
How the city has grown since the warl t
And this reminds us that, following close upon
the heels of the war, famine threatened many a
portions of the crippled South. Then, as in I
the recent emergency, Louieville established a
Relief Commission, and dieided what she had
with those who were in want. There was no I
room for her to grow in generosity, in benev
olence, and in that sweetest of all graces,
charity. But there waa room for the devel- I
Sopment of her manufacturing facilities and
room for a commercial growth, as is showa
by the results that have fo'lowed. From 1
60,000 inhabitants she has grown to 160,000
in less than sixteen years. No city in the
country has grown so fast. Any one who
has not visited Louisville for ten or twelve
years would fail to recogniae it as the same
p!see. Her streets have been extended, grand
massive buildings have been erected, public
improvements have been made, manufactories
have sprung up in every direction, and there
is evidence of subhstantial prosperity esery.
where. It was once but little more than a
big village; now it can boast of as fine
churches, as many school buildings;mand as
great educational facilities as any city in the
country.
The merchants and manufacturers ofiLou
isville are substantial business men. But
few failures 1l business have occurred among
the principal business men of Louisville as
compared with other cities. The bankers and
merchants are careful, solid men who, though
liberal in their dealings with their customers,
are seldom led into unsafe speculations and
hmeavy lases, but, content with doing a mod
ersate business, on a afe basis, .they have
gradually established themselves on a Arm
sad sale foundation.
the commerecial interests of the South are
funlly.,represented in Louisville. Thire is no
article of merchandise needed in the South
.era Stats that may not be had in Louisville
at a fair price. This is a fact that may not wit]
be fully understood, but we have known of ber
many instances in which merchants have vis- in I
ited Louisville for the purpose of purchasing and
supplies of goods, who were !induced to run reas
up to Cincinnati to see if they could not do buy
better, and, after looking in Cincinnati, re
turned to Louiscille to find it,,,thie better '
market. fact
.,The interests of Louisville and the South of 1
are identical. That which affects the South Stal
affects Louisville. This is not the case with Lot
any other city. Take any of the,Western lish
cities, and they have their trade from sections rep'
all around them. Cut off the trade from one the
section, and they have three other.directions thel
in .which to loots for business. In this respect cap
they are more independet, but in the same turf
degree they are less obliging. Louisville can dol
not afford to lose the trade of the]South;
therefore she can not afford to6 allow.other
cities to outbid her for the patronage of the ceni
South, hkiclhJecul.adry belongs to her. Qar the
merchants can rely implicitly updn the state- ad1
ment that they can do as well and will be less
treated better than in any other city that is
available to the trade of this section.
beeu
THB TOBACCO TRADE.
It is pretty generally known that Louisville ries
has the reputation of being the'5best and ga
largest leaf tobacco marxet in the world. t
This fact alone gives the city a prominence
in the commercial world that is very ad- lar
vantageous. Kentucky has been, almost from toy
its first settlement, a large tobacco State, that am
article being one of its most important agri- c
cultural products. The sales of tobacco in
Louisville for five years past have averaged rep
60,000 hogsheads per year. The receipts of ma
tobacco at the Louisville warehouses, for the pre
year ending October 31, amounted to 69,221 eof
hogsheads, and the sales to 69,025. The sales ter
for the present year, ending December 31,
will be about 70,000, the largest business ever
recorded in Louisville. Over ten millions of
sur
dollars are paid for tobacco annually in Lou- in
isville. Jet
We have not time to speak of the numer- eti
ous tobacco and cigar manufactories of Louis- l
ville, in which many favorite brands of chew- by
ing tobaccos and millions of cigars are an- of
nually manufactured. All the world over the io
brand of a Louisville house is a guarantee of
a good quality of tobacco, and this branch of
business 'alone affords employment to over on
two thousand persons, and pays a revenue tax nal
of over $1,200,000 a year. ter
80LE LEATHER AND HARNESS LEATHER ts
The manufacture of leather is one of the in
principal interests of Louisville,and through- in
out Europe pnd in this country she enjoys the ol
a reputation of being the best sole leather mar
ket in the world. As an evidence of this, a
there Is used in the seventeen large tanneries
a of that city no less than twenty thousand d
a cords of tanbark annually in manufacturing
s 400,000 sides of sole leather. Large quanti- na
1 ties of this leather are exported to Strasburg, a
F Germany, and to other parts of Europe, but
e it is principally used in this country-in New
- York, Pennsylvania, Ohio and Kentucky. ao
s Harness leather is also extensively made in
re'
f Louisville. The average product per annum Cl
- of this class of leather is about 120,000 sides.
0 These facts will convince those who wish Ti
,r to purchase leather that there is no better al
.- place to buy than in the market which is o
e known the world over as the greatest leather U
e manufactur!'ag point. This being true, our St
n readers are prepared for the statement also
I that Louisville is manufacturing on a larger *
f scale than ever articles that are made of
I, leather. Lu
BOOTS AND SHOES.
o There has been a large increase in the man
a ufacture of shoes in Louisville during the
o past few years. several new establishments
. having sprung up, while those who have been L
in operation for several years have enlarged h
* their facilities in order to meet the demands t
n of the trade. It has been found that the lI
Sshoes made by Eastern manufactories are not
n so well suited to the feet of the Southern
a people as those made nearer home, and the
d Louisville manufacturers have taken especial
o pains to make their shoes of more symmetrical
v shape, to suit the average Southern foot, and
the result is that their shoes are largely in
1- demand in the South. There are eleven of b
d these large manufactories in the city, em
u ploying over one thousand hands, making
m this now one of the most important indus- sl
00 tries of the city. There are over thirty boot
he and shoe houses, including manufactories and
ho wholesale dealers, doing nearly seven millions a
ye worth of business a year.
ne SADDLES AND HAIBNESB.
nd In this branch, too, Louisville is one of the
ie leading markets in the country. There are
ee about twenty manufactories, with large cap-.
ire Ital, employing a great force of hands, toJ
y- whom are paid ample wages. This being a
a great leather market, they are able to make I
ne horse-collars, harness, saddles and bridles, of t
a. more lasting quality and cheaper than are j
he made elsewhere.
PLOW MANUFACTORIES.
u- The number of plows produced anually
ut by the several large plow manufactories, of
ng which the "Avery," "Brinly" and "Meikle"
as are the leading makes, and the united capacity
nd of these manufactories is about one thousand
gh plows per day.
irs, JUINITURE.
md There is no city in the country that has
od- better facilities for manufactturing furniture,
ie and this branch of business has always been a
rm matter of pride to the city of Louisville.
There is not laes than $2,000,000 of capital
arelInveated in manufacturing furniture ad
no ebhairs. The abandance and cheapness of
th- lumber gives Louisville an advantage in this
ille trade that enables her to compete successfully
with other cities. Walnut, the principal lum- 1
ber used, is $5 to $10 per thousand feet cheaper vill
in Louisville than in the next nearest city, six
and $30 less than in New York. It stands to 1
reason, then, that Louisville is the place to sixi
buy furniture.
STOVES, MANTELS AND GRATES. wo,
This is another important branch of manu- are
facture at this point; The trade in this line tel
of business extends into all of the Southern any
States. In marbleized mantels and grates 25,
Louisville ranks second in number of eatab- too
lishments and first in quality of gctds. The fac
reputation of these houses is not confined to feri
the South, but extends even to Europe, where the
there is a good demand for their goods. The
capital employed in this branch of manufac
ture aggregates something over a million of con
dollars, prc
CEMENT MILLS, ETC. ing
Eight cement mills make 450,000 barrels of con
cement annually, which finds a market from nui
the Atlantic to the P'acific and from the Can- abi
ad4a to the Gulf. This branch represents at ma
least a million of dollars. ma
TWENTY CARRIAGE MANUFACTORIES. son
The carriages made in Louisville are of the lia
best class. The business done in these facto
ries is enormous. The workmanship is re
garded as superior to Eastern work, and the gii
styles of carriages are fully up to those man- ma
ufactured in the East. There are several hai
large shops where children's carriages and brs
toys are made exclusively, and these are hai
among the most active houses in the city. ter
There are also a number of wagon manu
factories, which are growing in business and the
reputation year by year. One of these firms isy
make the famous A ems and Southern Ex- Fr,
press wagons, which are shipped to all parts vei
of the country. There could not be better the
evidence of the high and substantial charac- abl
ter of their work than this. mi
THE IRON TRADE. ne
The increase in the amount of pig iron con- of
sumed in the various branches of manufacture Ca
in the cities of Louisville, New Albany and tie
Jeffersonville during the past fifteen years, is ms
estimated at eight hundred per cent. This kit
large consumption has had a fresh impetus lisi
by the recent large increase in the production ms
of pig iron in the Southern States. All it,
iron coming from the North by river is
freighted to Louisville at a cost of but ta
20 per cent. over Cincinnati, while the freight wt
on all Southern iron is $1.50 more to Cincin- ev!
nati than to Louisville. This gives to the lat. Th
ter city an average advantage of $1.23 over pig
its Northergrival. The effect of this is seen ca
in every instance where the two cities come irc
in competition at interior points on large ga
contracts. Tea years ago Cincinnati manu- irc
facturers beat their Louisville competitors at lo,
almost every point, and even sent work to tel
Louisville. To-day the whole thing is revers- et4
ed, and thousands of tons of iron are manu
factured in Louisville and shipped to Cincin
nati, whose iron manufacturers can not com- ye
note with Louisville. The United States Cu- cli
tom-house and the Music Hall at Cincinnati, R
are cases in point, in which the difference in en
cost of pig iron enabled Louisville manufactu- th
rers to compete successfully with Pittsburgh, g
Cleaveland, St. Louis and Cincinnati. Louis n
ville now holds contracts for the iron work of
a large number of the finest structures now be
6 ing erected in the Western States, such as the
United States Custom-house at Cincinnati, g
r State Capitol at Indianopolis, building for the
o State, War and Navy Departments, Washing- .
ton city.
It is estimated that 10,000 tons of iron will dI
be used within the next year in the architec- y
tural branch alone, in the construction of fie as
Siron fronts in Cincinnati, Chicago, Columbus, a
Dayton and other cities in Ohio, Indiana and I
Illinois.
In addition to the extensive operations of
n Louisville manufacturers in the Northwest, Ia
d her merchants are shipping large amounts of
the choice Southern iron to Chicago, Cleve
e land, Milwaukee, Pittsburgh, and other promi
t nent iron manufacturing cities in the North- a
n ern States. The tact is that Louisville is to- a
elay the cheapest pig iron market in the
al (nited States, and is showing the largest pro
al portionate increase in the consumption of iron b
of any city in the country. This relative '
in cheapness is owing to her central and accessi- t
ble position to the iron producing districts in t
Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Georgia,
SOhio, Indiana, Illinois and Missouri, of which
Sshe is the geographical center, all of which
ot compete for the trade of her manufacturers.
d This advantage can not be wrested from her,
and is making itself felt in all directions.
During the last year the Perin & Gaff Co,
of Cincinnati, manufacturers of shelf hard
ware, have removed to Jeffersonville, where 1
re they employ 400 hands. The Bergen Steel
P and Iron Company, of Portsmouth, Ohio,
toI have been agitating the subject of moving
a their entire works to Louisville, wholly on
ke aooount of the advantage of its pollsion as
of to the purchase of raw material and the
re facilities for the distribution of the product
of the works.
The Union Pipe Works, in 1875, melted
Ily into gas and water-pipe 33,000 tons of metal;
of in 1876, 14,000 tons; in 1877, 16,000 tons, and
te" this year the amount of metal used in their
ity immense foundry will not fall short of 20,000
nd tons. This establishment has for the past
three yars supplied all the cast gas and water
mains used in the cities of Chicago, Indian
s apolis Cincinnati, New Orleans, Louisville,
r Evansville, Salt Lake, and nearly every other
n city and town in the West and North.
le. The New Albany Itil.mhll Company use
tl 15,000 tons of metal anually, and employ
od ne hundred and fifty men.
of The Ohio Fails Iron Company use 6,000
his tons of metal and employ two hundred aad
ily twenty-five men.
The Ohio Falls Car Company, at Jefferson
ville, use 20,000 tons of metal and employ
six hundred and fifty men.
The New Albany Steam Forge employs
sixty men and melts 6,000 tons of metal.
Other iron foundries attached to stove
works, agricultural implement manufactories,
architectural iron works, plow factories, man
tel and grate factories, steam engine building
and other foundries, melt annually over
25,000 tons, making the sum total of 80,000
tons of pig-iron used annually in the manu
factories of Louisville, New Albany and Jef
fersonville, in addition to which must be added
the amount handled by iron merchants.
TILE POVISION TRADE.
Owing to its central position, Louisville be
comes the natural distributing point for the
product of the Northwest. The winter pack.
ing of 1877.8 amounted to 250,000 bogs, which
composed not more than one-fourth of the
number handled by Louisville jobbers. Prob
ably the largest cure of sugar-cured hams ever
made in the world in a single season, was
made by McFerran, Shallcross & Co. last sea
son, when their cure of the celebrated Magno
liabam amounted to 375,000.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Of course we can not in one short article
give anything like a complete report of the
manufacturing interests of Louisville. We `
have mentioned a few of the important
branches, statistics of which we have had at
hand; but there are many other items of in
terest of which we are unable, had we time, to
give the facts. Among these we enumerate
the following: The plate glass made in Lou
isville and New Albany Is equal to the best
French glass. The capital in this branch is
very large, and the number of employee in
the establishments is estimated about and prob.
ably above five hundred; two large paper
mills, making printing paper for books and
newspapers exclusively, employ a large force
of hands and have another million of dollars
capital Invested; the Faught-Deering plantse
tion horse-power, for barn and gin-house, is so
" made here; machinery and engines of all
" kinds are manufactured by a number of stab.
" lishments, from which any kind of an engine
may be ordered with the perfect assurance that
it will give satisfaction.
" Recently an enterprising gentleman has es
t tablished an extensive axe manufactory, from
t which a great number of axes are sent out
every year. They are of superior quality.
* There are also many manufactories of trunks,
r pianos, soap and candles, bolts and screws, -
I carriage and wagon axles, boilers and sheet
e iron goods, portable saw-mills, threshers, su
e gar mills, corn shellers, circular saws, oils,
iron bridges, car wheels, bells, edge tools, bel.
It lows, scales, iron cornices, brass goods, locks,
0 terra cotta drain pipes, sash, door and blinds,
I- etc., etc.
LOUISVILLE MERCHANT.
The aggregate amount of business dore per
. year in Louisville is about $100,000,000, in
s. cluding merchandising and manufacturing.
;, We have only attempted in this article, to
n enumerate a few of the latter, and can not more
u. than mention the mercantile interests in a
b, general way. The principal branches of busi
is ness are dry goods and notions, boots and
)f ioes, hats, caps and furs, millinery goods,
e jewelry, pork, grain, queensware, foreign and
domestic wines and liquors, tobacco and ci
i, gars, drugs, clothing, iron, hardware, furni
e ture, books and stationery, musical instru
ments, lumber, fertelizers, etc., etc.
There are twenty.five or thirty banks and
ll ban.ing houses in the city, all of which are
doirng a prosperous and successful business.
- The city is growing rapidly, over one thou
o sand buildings being erected each year, at an
estimated cost of two and a half million dol.
Id lars. The bonds of the city are at par, and
there are many other substantial evidences of
thrit and increasing prosperity.
of If there is any item that will Interest the
t, merchants of this section more than the facts
o we have stated or hinted at, it is the fact that
Louisville has the best hotels in tbe country,
and at the head of the list is the grand old
Gailt House, which has recently changed hands
a- and has been thoroughly repaired and refitted,
. and under the management of Mr. J. W.
se Almy the fare has been reduced to $3 per
day.
o' In looking over reports and statistics which
aon have been placed in our hands, we feel that
e we have not done the noble city justice in the
above brief sketch, and we are tempted to
begin anew in another place, inoritr to men
n tion a score of manufactures and mercantile
ia, interests which have been omitted; but the
ch "whole truth" would flil a single issue of the
c paper, so we are constrained to stop, with the
closing assurance to our merchants and citi
rs. zens that Louisville is a bigger city than we
er, thought it was, and that it is the best market
in which to purchase the articles that are
needed in this section of country.
eo.
AIiCorrespondents would confer a favor
upon the advertisers by mentioning that
they saw the advertisement in this paper.
THE ORIGIIAL AID GENUINE
DECKER & SON
PIANOS
(Eatablished tn 18586)
By IMYRON A. DECKER.
t "THESE PtAN08 are endorsed and recommended
I by many of the most eminent artists of the
r country; and are fully equal, and in some respects
superior, to any other first-class Pianos made.
I have also the Patent Gold String
Sohomrnacker Piano-Forte,
r An absolutely perbct instrument. Inereased
purity, quality and resonance of tone. Increased
resistance to atmospheric action. Increased ri'
ness and elegance of appearance. and
e A full assortment .f low priced PIAF-ICAL
ORGANS, tomether with all kinds of
GOODS, SHEET MUSIC, etc.
Send for an illustrated Catalo ' f T IPP,
0 t.. . EM t'get for Kentacky
Successor to Lou Trrpp, u forediafn
and z , atOs Ud t., LOUISVILLE, KY.
NO. sGs FOURTH '
DR. WINTERSMITH'S
Chill Cure
TENNESSEE. THE BEST.
GEORGIA.
FLORIDA.
OU RIA. The Reason of its Superiority Over
OTH CAROLINA. Quinine and Other Remedies.
In this disease there is always more or
LOUISIANA lesst derangement of the liver, and often of
AR ANSAS the rdigestive organs. The remedies usually
T, A.. - given have reterene only to preventing
TEXAS. the paroxysm or breaking the chill. without
regard to the condition the system may be
left in after the chills h:n e been removed;
° twhereas the mere breaking of the chill is
but a small part of what is required to per
feet aI radical cure. The various organs of
SOUT HERNy the body, more especially the liver and the
stomach, must he brought into ia healthy
EPARTENT. condition, otherwise i return of the chills
DEPARTMENT will be the probable result. The true ren
4son, therefore, why the relapses of chills
nan fever are so frequent is because they
Shave never been more than half cured
Sthat is, the causes which first produced the
disease have never been removed. A proper
use of W lrgasxiTH's Tomte never fails to
Resident Agents throughout the cure the most obstinate cases of fever and
ague. For sale by all druggistse.
e Southern States.
JOSEPH MITCHELL,
t Manufacturer of all kinds of
oBT A BOILER!BI
SaLard, Coal Oil, Water and Locomotive Tanks,
Jt Wrought Iron Work for Blast Furnaces, Whitwell Hot Blast Stoves, Etc.
REPAIRING PRBOPTLY ATTENDED TO.
n No. 487 N. S. MAIN STREIET, between Twelfth and Thirteenth,
LOUISVILLE. KY.
* BOILERS for SUGAR and COTTON PLANTATIONS
SA SPECIALTY.
So
For specimens of our work we refer to Steamers R. B. Lee,J.W. Cannon, J. M.White, Ed. Richard,
is son, Commodore Parisof's Yazoo River Steamers, and the sugar plantations of W. F. Wicks, New Iberia,
and ban Thompson, of Pattersonville, Louisiana.
John T. Moore. Chas. Bremaker. D. E. Stark. Buckner M. Creel. Jas. J. Hayes.
SeMoore, Bremaker & Co.,
WHOLESALE GROCERS,
t No. 275 North Side Main Street, below Seventh,
h TRB, DAI &H H G
euLOUISVILLE, KY
- ThE 1 cut repre-eiting our new Saddle, _.t
ed b our r. Gthright, i th .
sendd Maufacturer s of the Celebrated on receipt of lriojf regular godthe
ettth TRAE Calf Seat $22.5 Mallor0.
SPatented Oct. '
Nd U.9 GMor Mad Utree. H. Aydelett.
BERSD0-ER
T, a aLOVE S, U1N EELLAS
t ide bet. Sixth and Seventh, LOUISVILLE, KY.
B. L, WHITE & CO.,
seeWHOLESALE DEALERS IN
OOT AND SHOZS,
No. 225 Main Street, opposite Louisville Hotel, iU
This one of the old ad leading business housend suple on recells goods very low fo rgulr ,ash or
Retail to prompt payers.pri
:y, to protaPt payesn.