) VF' I T CI A b
raper ofthe Parish and fity ofNatchitoch1es
. . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . : - --a r _ - -I - . .
JAM. I. ICIs(ROVE, .. Editor.
8ATI'IT \Y. - - - FEiL. 23. 17.
DEVELOI'IE. the "
I it lol
Some of the owners of the Judg- tnil
ments to which we referred last week f
have discovered that they have been
charged by the late tax collector, com 1
Bonullt, with a large amount of divi- they
dends which they never received. In rlpt
suit No. I77, the owner gave orders
for its cancellation which was lmoe,
and still he is charged with monies Dital
on it heo has never drawn. In suilts
frien
776, 7787 and 7751, the owner is
charged with $678 82 he never re- D
ceived.
The VINvmcATro article has de- 'a' h
veloped this at least; and it goes to O rI
show how fraud and rascality was tilhe si
rule with tile 'Prince" during his it
"ring days."
The total amount of Judgments ob- Id b
tained against this parish from 1)e- no
cmber, 1869, to June, 1874, (four A
and one half years time) was 1l4,- pe,
663.28, and the amount collected and stit
pail thereon during the same time
was $100,189 47; leaving a balance of t
due of $64,5:33.81. Of this $23,81o.
94, has never had a cent paid upon van
it, and is due for Sheriffs fees, pay vga
of officials, supporting prisoners in remu
jail, mechanics work, and witness Roi
and jurors, &c. The balance $40, .
716.88, represents the remainder due
on claims upon which an average of ona
over 71 per cent has already been Sta
paid, or 21 per cent more than the the
Lighest prier paid for the paper. It whi'
is safe to gay that the owners of this be
$40,716.88 have made at least 10 per Cu
cent on their investment. and
The people of this parish are not
able to pay any more to these parties
who have already received 71 per cent;
nor are they able to pay in full the a
amount of claims due, and it should no
not be asked or expected. $23,816.93 obi
is about the gross amount due, and prr
which the parish should be, and is An
willing to adjust. The first step in o
the settlement of this $23,816.93, tio
should be a suit for the recovery of of
the $6,932.24 paid upon .claims pro- ter
sounced fraudulent. After that, the IIe
adjustment of the remainder should
at once lie done. sti
Honest Judgments,
bra
Some of our frie-nds very strangel3 the
imagined that the article iu last do
weeks' VINDICATOR was a general go
attack on all the Judgment Creditors thl
who field claims against the patsh. an
Such was not our intention, and we sli
fail to find how the article can be so gu
constraed, . an
What we meant to convey was the O0
fact that, in the clamor being raised
about the payment of the judgments, C;
a great many of these judgments dI
were based on fraudulent claims, and at
tflinat no honest debt could or shouil
be used as a rider to force the pany- C
mnent of a dishlonest claim. h
There are.honest debts due by the ft
parish which they sholnid and will to
pay-sudl for instance as the balance el
due for constructing the Court House p
and Jail, incurred previous to the ci
war; Messrs. Parsons' atdl Burkes' ce
claims as Sheriff's, for fees of office to
andt maintaining prisoners; Keyser
& McKenna, for work done in put. -I
ting down banquette around the parish ii
property-the Court House and Jail; d
and some other claims which we can- e
not now repnembner.
But there is also a very large c
amount which had its birth in tlhe
frauds of a ring-which was issued
in utter violation of law and which
no honest Court can or wjll sustain
when probed to the bottom, that
never should and never will be paid.
We cited's number of these claims I
thlat had tailed to stand the test of a
Board of Arbitration, and notwith
standing which the owners thereof
have received large dividends thereon.
We insist that suit shlould be entered
for the recovery of this money, and
when recovered, it should be applied
to the payment of honest claime.
The *'Conservative element" has
cut a pretty figure in the legislature
for the Past forty days, consorting
with Charley Howard's Lottery hench
men and tileradieal members in order
to defeat tae will of the white men of
the State. If the "Conservative ele
ment" is any better than "Kellogg's
crowd" nobody can see it.
The "business interests" of New
Orleans invoked eggs and sich like,
in order to break up a mass meeliug
of thile citizens of thlat city who favor
ed a Constitutional Conventio.nm. This
is the act of the "element" whlich
claims to be extra honorable and law
abiding, and which denounces "bull
dozers" every hour of their llves.
Nice follows, they are.
lhe coastant stasia In this iron age
on hiaan eonesr gy eecessitates a means
to renew eitality, and it is with plea
esure we point out that desideratum in
the Home Stomach Bitters.
V!oegrove of the "People's Vidicatos,"
hurla some of his bolts at onr "Legrsh
tors" The*Viadimatorw should be in the
bJase of eve~y lever of right and Lonisi
ana, Suach journals are .beacon l4ghts,
warndug society of "brakes head.t..
Washinsgon £l tefntise.
The State Capitol.
The removal of the Capitol to The
ILBA\TnO HO(E is a subject of vital im- been
pot tance to this State. State
It is useless for the 1'icayn!ie or but tl
Timcs to talk of the matter at all. prom
Their motives are too palpable to be inig
Imisunderstood. The very fact of rals
their silence-utter, dead silence on demo)
tlhe "moonpoly claise," the L"Consti. Th
titlional Amcninment delate"l'-- iows of a
coinclisivecly where they stand. The Were
oIrI.e kn~r)w them now, and all the wol
solphistry that their facile pens can "pol1
command will not hide the fact that but t
they belong, body and soul to cor and t
rupt tings. The Democrat, however, inclu
is a representative paper. It has l Majo
large and intelligent following; its lowi
Editor and Manager are cherished immI
frientlh of the people, and we are form
sorry to take issue with it. vote
Does not the Peolllrat know (we with
Iare sure it does) that it is impossible to.
to hold a State Convention in New publ
Orleans without submitting to the that
dictation of outside patties. Hlow is is to
it then possible to conduct legislation, -to
purely and properly, when surround- awa
ed by such influence as woiuld wreck '"N
of
a nolililiating convention. deer
A peaceable assemblage of the peo
ple, met to petition a call for a Con- to,
stitutional Convention, was assaulted COiN
le and broken lip by a mob in the face Con
e of the whole civil power of the city haur
of New Orleans, and at its conni- P'ro
vance, and this is a trumpet-tongued I
I ar.ginmieit in favor of an immfdiate sho
t removal of the State House to Baton kI
Rouga.
RThe removal of the Capitol to Bat- Th
on Rouge is a public sentinent. A IVo
large majority of the people of the vul
State favor it, and the Democrat, as
lie their representative, must approve of
what they demand. This will also T
be an issue this fall along with the ma
er Constitutional Convention question- to
and it will be overwhelmingly won. to
east
es -- tilhe
Our Late.At From New Orleans. c
lie Matt Wells publishes a letter de- ane
ld nouncing in unmeasured terms every the
3 officer and juror connected with the lic
n prosecution and conviction of Toni are
I s Anderson. Wells oversteps the :.n3
1n bounds of prudence in tlhis denuncia- on
), tion-as he has alwvays been outside uti
of of decency--and his letter will only has
ro- tend to make his fall harder, for fall
the lie must. ha
ald The mass meeting in favor of a Con- of
stitutional Convention, in the city of Ith
New Orleans on Saturday last, was si
broken up by a mob of roughs, while co
c13 the police stood idly by and saw it of
ast done without an effort to arrest the nei
tral guilty parties. Dr. Brickel, one of L
rs the heroes of the 14th September 1874 fre
b. and a speaker at the meeting, was of
we shamefully rotten . egged by black wi
so guards in the pay of Charley Howard th
and the "business interesls of New th
te Orleans. a
ed The College of Cirdinals elected iZ
ts, Cardinal Pecci as Pope of Rome. Car- a
nts dinal Pecci is the head of the moder
ad ate party of tlhe Catholic Church. a
ltd AUl the Amendments to the radical
y- Constitution of this State have not
been adopted. The 27 patriots, rein
he forced Iby Mr. Barblin, a pure unadul- ai
ill terated Democratic creole from Avoy- pi
ice elles, who has just been seated in d
ue place of Souer the velocipede Radi- d
he cal, making 28, are giving tile Radi- ir
es' cals and rotten egg Conservatives a p
ice terrible fight.
ser The Moore-Cage contest has been ti
put. closed. Cage a negro will be declared I i
rish ineligible from thle fact that hle was a lj
il; defaulter at the time of his claimed p
cn. election. Mr. Moore, a sterling young t
Democrat from Lnfourche,-Cage's I
age competitor-will not get the place n
the however, as we have too many six- r
sued penny lawyers in the Senate who deal e
ici in pure political questions from a n
stain standpoint suggested by Ray's Revi
hat sed Statutes.
paid. 'rThe greater portion of Monday in
ims the Hiouse of Representatives was
ofa consumed by consideration of the
ith- contest between Soner and Barbin for
ereof the representatiop of Avoyelles par.
ron. ish. The result of tihe debate was the
teed seating of Barbin and the unhorsitg
and ofSoner.
lied The particular grounds upon which
Sonuer was unseated was that lie had
not been a resident, within the law,
h as qualified to represent the parish.
atne --------
rting Some one very pathetically remarks
nch- that, although the General AsSembly
rder antl the present State Administration
e of deserve severe criticism, yet if it is
Sele- indulged in too loudly it might injure
gg 's the Democratic party. Why bleass
your good souls, this General Assem
bly and Administration have done
New more to injure the party than all the
ike, criticism we indulge in; and besides,
li ng these fellows only ask silescein order
aor- to injure it more. It the Democratic
his party can't stand honacsty, fair dealing,
R 'iC h plain principle-if it must live, as it
d lw has for the past six months, by trick
'ull- ery, disgraceful bargains and in cow
e. ardly fear of every radical thief and
negro in the State, the quicker it dies
the better.
iage We are Democratic from principle,
l le and as each we have no compromise
am i to make with men who entertain op
posite views.
t, Sabine and Vernon demand aGuano
i the tax, for the purposeotiertilising their
n hii- lands I The demand is a just one
S and founded on 1he same principles
whihil e5a* m a le vee ta. "
From Authority.
The statement purported to have Col t
been made by a "North Louisiana fol
State Senator," and we do not doubt
but that he made it, as to certain
promises being made to the Return
ing Board memnbers or to any Crimi- tll,
nals as the price of Louisiana's re
dem ption is 1ohtll! a(iltl absolhtlly false these.
The telegi aphing from Washington son or
of a resolution which the Democrats ever
were to adopt, pledging that we savori
would not persecute Republicans for Col. L
"political offenses" is not denied, had w
but to show that the Returning Board lows:
and that class of criminals, were not "Ar
included in "political offenders," tion tl
Major E. A. Burke inserted the fol. the 4
lowing words: "but there shall be no enter(
im,, mu ity for crime;" and in that derstc
form the "North Louisiana Senatot" meirt
voted for it, and in that form, and or an:
with that nuderstanding it was agreed ever
to. The attempt to manufacture expre
public opinion out of such cloth as cogni
e that, "forgery is a political offence," ernm'
s is too futile-too palpably ridiculous muni
-to go down. No sentiment can he meNt
awakened on that score, and if ihe again
k "North Louisiana Senator" wants any inna,
deeper political grave than his acts and r
of the present session entitle him Col. I
to, and which he will, no doubt re- persi
( ceive at the hands of a disgusted govtl
e constituency, let him continue his ies,
y harping on the "agreement" not to perse
. prosecute criminals. with
1 If such was his understanding he scorn
e should not only be ashamed to ac- inan
, knowledge it, but he should blush to
look in the face an honest man.
t. The liberties of no people were ever
1 worth the price of compounding so ili
e vulgar a crime. ment
I Sinnott, French, James & Co. that
of betw
so This enterprising cotarie of gentle- State
ie man have been engaged in aftemllptilla trol
- to construct a railroad from this city prop
to a point on Red River directly all,i
east. We say "attempting," because Ti
they have only been deterred from tent
completing it by tile stubborn resist, a ne
e- ance of some property owners along The
ry the line. Had our people any pub- tier
Ie lie spirit, which they have not we deci
nt are sorry to acknowledge; had they lic a
he :.ny enterprise, which manifests itself aggi
a- only in talking, this railroad, the trad
de utility of which no man do:ies, would It
ly have ere this been comlleted. with
all Will not some of our citizene who take
have public spirit, and we have a few Tlle
an. of that sort, come forward and use out
of their influence to break down this re- -ra'
,as sistance to an enterprise, which, when wilh
ile completed, will inure to the benefit let 1
it of tile entire public ? Messrs Ducor- "T1i
he neau, Deblieux, Kile, Walmsley, Mc
of Lean, and one or two others have
374 freely offered to assist with the right
ras of way, and land for depotA, &c.;
ck will not their example be followed by '
rd I those who now stand in tile way of cha
ew the improvemant of the whole town (e
and parish? We beg our leading cit- Vr
ted izens to take tils matter in hand, of
ar- and by agitation stir up a healthy (
er- feeling in favor of the Natchitoches for
and Cane River Railroad. Stn
c1 po
cat The Moffett Reglster' citi
in- Thlis mode of Revenue will be del
lu- adopted and its income applied to the it
oy- payment of such balance as may be rec
in due to the Interest Fund on our State sta
di- debt. In other words, it is utterly doi
adi- impossible for the majority in the tll
s a present General Assembly to under- lib
stand the plainest principles of taxa- no
en tion. The Moffett Register system tis
red is a feasable plan to raise revenne
as a indirectly, and it is intended to re
med place the direct taxation on real es
ung tate. Our solons can't understand it. al
ge's They go on "raising revenue" by oa
lace adopting all new indilrect modes, and wi
six- retaining at the same time the pres- th
deal ent grinding direct taxation on real at
na and personal property. No relief
evi- will be experienced by the people
from this measure unless the revenue
y in derived from it be applied directl!y to
was some fund at present accumulated
the from taxation on lands. Fourteen
a for and one-half mills is a Radical lega- ,
par- cy; if the Democratic party cannot tl
s the reduce that rate, and at the same w
rsitg time carry on the governmentefti
ciently, it is a failure.
_Iic ll ni
Ihad The Natchitoebhes Vindicator, tr
1 Under the able nmanagement of ourfriend 1
Jas. H. Cosgove, stands among the first "
newspapers in the State. As its name iin
dicates. its politics is "the vindication of 1
the rights of the people," and a large ai
aks proportiog of the journal is devoted to
bly the agricultural anld landed interests of
ain the parish, and as Natchitoches is onecof,
the garden parishes, this paper will be of
it is interest to our correspondents and those
Ijure seeking lomes.-Wylie's Real Estate Bul
letia
Isem- a
de There has been a decided advance
I the in the price of lumber in the rural
ides districts dining the past week. Po
rder litical coffins will be constructed a
ratic with which to everlastingly bury,.
ling beyond even the sound of iGabriel's
as it born, a large number of vinegar, bit
rick- ter statesmen who have "gone in" s
cow- with Charley Howard and the nigger
and to "patch up" the Radical Constito
dies tion. These men will find the coffins
ready and time funeral processions
formed on their return home. No
ipleone will be on hand, however, to read
01 the service. They don't deserve it.
i op- - _
Three elements is this State have 1
combined to lefeat the will of the
Enano great majority Mf our citizens. The
their monopolies, headed by Charley How
t one ard's Lottery Company; the levee
ciples interests of Southern LouiSiama, and'
the State bond holdlers.
The Facts. N1
Our Editor in conversation with
Col. Wmi. M3. Levy daring the week
found him very emphatic in his de
clarations that no such thing as im
mnunity for the members of the Re-. iT.
turning Board was ever contempla- Hear
ted, asked or offered by either of hlut til
these congressmen, Messrs. Ellis, G; ib y
son or himself ; nor did Mr. Hayves n iul
ever mention it or anything else pauis it
A one otth
e savoring of a bargain to them. What fill
i Col. Levy said in this conrersation h
Ihad with our Editor is about as fol- Mr
d lows:
it "Any charge, declaration or intima
" tion that the Democratic members of
the 44th Congress, from Louisiana, 1. T
o entered into any agreemnent or utn- Tn
it derstanding with Mr. Hayes or any me.au
I' member or members of his cabinet, ing fr,
tioin. S
d or any other person or persons ; or habits
d ever gave their approval or consent, Itiv' I
re expressed or implied, that the re- siete'u
is cognition of the Nicholls gnv- I have
," ernment would carry w ith it im- anul p
us munity from prosecution or punish- ,,,.,,,
be mnent for any offences coutinitted b"ttri
ige against the criminal laws of Louis
iy inna, iks :utterly iwithout foundation
ts andi a slanderous fabrication" ; and
in Col. bsvy further states, that if any
e- person connected with the Nicholls T
ed government has made any such prom
lis es, and lie believes no one has, that If. R
to person deserves to be punished along Iea
with the criminals, and merits the bria }
le scorn and contempt of every virtuous or
lC- man in Louisiana.
to an ____i_ i
In. Those Amnendimenis. of a
rer Public opinion of the country is in
so lif tent to the fate of the Amend
ments. It is recognized on all sides
that they are born of a compromise
between the vicious elements in our
Ic- State and the weak element who con- II. h
iit! trol the government-and the people
its propose to vote them down, one and vege
tly all, in the coming election.
use The shibboleth of the pure and nn- I"'
om ter ified l)emocracy this Fall will be, thre
ist a new Constitution, or the deluge !-
ing The point has been reached where t
ub- there must be a final and emphatic
we decision as to who is to control pub
y lie aiffairs in Louisiana, the true and
self aggressive Democrats or the cowardly
tie trading Conservatives.
If the weak element can't abide
with us, on the back seats, let them
rho take their march to the Radical camp. II.
few The road is broad and blazed through I
use out with the political and social ""'
re- graves of hundreds of time servers
hen who have gone, before, and when there whi
efit let them
'or- "Think on t'll insulting scorn, the con-b
Mc- scios pangs.
The future miseries that await th' apos- Ove
I by The Washington Enterprise has
y of changed hands and conmes to us this
own Ieek with the compliment that "the Y(
cit- IsNDICTroR should be in the house .
nd, of every patriot in the State." Thanks.
lthy We have worked hard and unselfishly
ches for a place in the front rank in our
State and we will strive with all our
power to retain thebgood will ot our
citizens. The VISDICATOR is an in
be dependent Democratic newspaper
the it is democratic to the core, and will
y le recognize no leader who does not I
state stand in full accord with democratic
terly doctrine. \We contend for action
the that eternal vigilance is the price of
ider- liberty-and for that reason we have
taxa- no patience with the dead conserva- at
stem tism of this administration.
Sre- Important Law.
I es- Under a late act of the Legislature
d it. all officials are required to take the
9' by oath of office and file their bonds
a nd within thirty days of the receipt of
pres- the conmissions. Commissions are
1 real at this office for
relief Joseph Challeville, Esq.
.cople . B. Carr, Esq.
lenue A. V. Carter, Esq.
tl W to Wim. Payne, Esq.
lated L. Chopin, Esq.
Irteen These gentlemen as well as thse ,j
lega- who have received commissions
annot through this office will please qualify
same without delay.
It efi
Every time the "Conservative Ele- )
ment" want to do a dirty thing they I
S try and manufacture public sentiment
friend p to swallowing their worklr. This a
pe first "pardon business" of Tom Andlerson (
io is another effort to degrade Louisiana
large as she has been degraded by those
;e who slhould have been jealous of her
usts of
omeco honor.
Ibeot_
I those The amendments are all adopted.
to Bul- Messrs. Pork, Calico & Co., along
with Charley Howard's Lottery has
vance more influence and power in Louis
iana that 90 per cent of her citizens.
Po3 McCranie of the Ouachita Telegraphl
Ucted says in closing an article on the de
bury, feat of the peoples measure, a Con
briel's stitutional Conven tion:
ir, bit- With this wiew of the situation, we
se in" sorrowfully announce the failure of
nigger the Democratic party to do its duty.
tThis paper has been promised and
pledged differenitly. This paper has
o ine promised too much. We have lied-!
isions Me, we most solem.ly place our
No selves in the pillory along side of
o readyou.
:eit.
We desire to inform the New Or
e have leans Democrat, as it expressed just
of the surprise that the amendments were
The railroaded through the Senate, that
How- they ierve never disemwsed in the :caucus
levee of t~he Democratic members of the
a, and Assembly. We have this from tn
dounbted authority.
NE\V AI)VIEl'T'IIIMENTS.
k VEGETINE.
HER OWN WORDS.
l~inti,rToE, MIn., Feb, I', 177.
Mit. It. R. ST:v\'xs
- D.ear Sir.-ilnce severall yeriitt Ilh got a
f sore and painldln] foot. I alha soole ph]si'iins,
but the 1 iuIlin't tllr'e Ie1,. Now I h\ lle leard
Ve ltine : lland i ter'l'l I b d1 : ,"lll 1 Lh n lll bolt . the, I
blessing follr healtlh.
). Mrs. C. KRA IE, C63 West Balltimore Street t;
VEGETINE, al
of SAFE AND SURE.
MeI.IT. R. STEVENS.
In 1f72 vour Yegetine was reconmmended to
lte. and. yichling to the persuasions of a friend, t
I eroaented 11 try it. At the time I was silffe- 1)
t, ing firom generall dehility and inervous prostra
tionll. npri ndliiced by over'lwork andl irr'egul:ar
01 habits. Its woilderful stireiiitheninl anld cuiir
atit, prolpertie's ,srinied to alffet lily. tlebilitathd
sl'steuin firomi the first dose : anid ulnder its per.
Ssistenlit tse I rapidl eit'overed. graining more
tha:in usual healtli and good ft'eeling. Since then
V- I have nlt llesitated to givee Vegitine ny mlst
illlunlllified inldorlsei entlll. s 1 henn 1 il' safe, surile.
31- tlll plwti fiil ag-ent in promotin g heailthi aid
eI'tlringi liithe wasted system to new life anid
i- eneilrl. Y. Veg.etii1 is the 111lv i n dicine I It (. ;
e ili i"" a loig ias I live I never 'expect to ind i
better. }
is- Yours truly. W. IT. CLARK,
120 Monterlt " Stlreet, Alhlghany, Penn.
01O
ii VEGETINE
lit THE Best SPRING Medicine.
SCHIAIIL.ESTOWVN. t(
Int i. . STrEvExs.
l ar De Sir,-This is to certify thilat I have ased
your "Thlood I'rparationl" in mlV family for sev.
til, e;:l years, a1nd think lthat for `til S likilt or Cat
)'i8tro ls ifnimors or heumaticnii C alffItionlli it cani
)18 ,lt lie excelled; aiand as a 1blood pri llri and C
spl'ing medicine it is the Iest thing I have ever
sed, alnd I have used.4 almlost ever thing. I
can cheerfuill\ l'eeomlellnelld it to any one in neaed
of such a meillicine.
Tllts respectfullly.
Mrs. A. A. DINSMO)RE. 19 Russell Street.
nd- VEGETINE.
use WHAT IS NEEDED.
OulT IIosTo, Feb. 13, 1871.
on- II. R. SEvEIS, Esq.
)p Dear Sir.-About one year since I found my
self in a fee1ilh condi tiion i fiolll general delbilily.
1l \'egtiie wac stlro l llgly recomenided to me b"i aI
frielnd wio had been mlluch honefited by its
iuse. I lllprocured the article, antl. after using
severatl bIttles, was restored to healthl, and dis
ilfcontindii its 1se. I feel qiitl' cou tifilent that
le li, there is I:no il'e;ille i ,tpeIrioll to it lhr thsli,
winllplalints o. whllich it is especially prepared.
- al w,,lldw1n11 ce('her 1'11y rrcolunind:l it to thou.s
,inwho feell thal tlhe tied solethiing to restore
I0 tlem, !lto rfi,'ct halth.
'tic Riet llr y your I'T. L. PETTINGI L,
F'irl l', I. Phetthngill & 'o..
FI.) . No. tIo Stalte St., Boston.
d13" VEGETINE.
bide ALL Have OBTAINED Rolef,
ilell So!n 1 IlEIIwCK, MI..., Jan. 17, 172.
nIp. H. R. SriVExss, Esq.
igh Dear Sir..---I have had dyspopsia in its
worst f,,nr for the Ist tll tn yearS. and have
takli' hndr.reds olf dollars' worth of medicines
wpvg wit limit at:1il:inLr 1 al4 l rellief. Iti Septlembler
last I comnn nm'e l takint, tbht \t,,etine, sin;ve
lure ih i i, tint' myI 'hwaltil hIs stetadily improved.
My food di,,sts well, and I have galiled tifteenu
pounds of tilh. 'There art'e seve'ral othllrs in
uli- ml dace t tlaking Vegetine, and all hav'e obtaili
ed Irnlet''.
Yours truly. TI!(IMAS E. M1OORE.
Apos- Overseer of C(ardloolns, I'ortsomoth Co' s Mills
VECETINE.
PREI'ARED BY
Is R. H.STEVEIS,BOSTON, MASS.
"the g'etin,' is Sold 1,y All Druggrists.
H. REV MANN.
APOTHECARY & DRUGGIST.
-DEAI.ER IN
CHEMICALS,
PERFUMERY,
Fancy Articles &c., I
ch
FRONT STREET, pu
Natchitoches, La.
So
r' Perscriptions carefully prepared th
at all hours. of
TERMS MODERATE.
Feb. 23.-ly. fu
Imiprove Your Stock!
he
f T1 tE ine thoroughbred, Short I[orn to
D)urham Bull. b
ANDOVER, n
will stand a limited season at Oakland ai
Plantation, (Bnrmuda P. 0,, Natchito- as
ches Parish) at p
TEN DOLLARS THE SEASON.
Pasturage free. Prudent care will be )
taken of stock, but I will not be respon- b
c sible for accidents. tl
Pedigree of Andover: a
Got In Edgar (6712) 1st dam Red Rose a
2d., by Burnet, (7631) 2d Dam Red Rose,
)y Mountaineer, (8671) 3rd dam May
y Rose, by Duke of Ardrio, (12730) 4th dam
Moss Rose, by Stanhope's Cossack, (377)
5th dam Mary Aune, 1st by Comet, (1854)
S 6th dam Mary Anne, by Middhlsbro,.
n (1234), 7th dam Prudence, by Edward,
(1002, 8th dam by President, (517). 9th
damin by George, (274).
e J. ALF. PRUDHOMME.
r Feb. 23-3m. t
a
ISAAC KAHN, i
1.BUTCHER.
_ l AS a first-class Stall in the Natehi- t
. 11 toches Market House, where he has
for sale during Market hours, fresh jucy
BLEF,
VEAL,
. MUTTON,
PORK,
FRESH and SMOKED SAUSSAGE,
e SMOKED BEEF, &c.
' And on Wednesdays and Fridays. fresh
Y* FISH of all kind; TROUT, WHITE
id PERCH, BASS, &c. After market hours,
is call at Abram Kahns, Corner 2d and St.
Denis Str's., and have your orders filled.
Feb. 23,-1 y.
o LOUIS LE PAULMIER
KEEPS on sale the finest of
r- BEEF, VEAL, MUT
at TON, PORK, SAU
re -SAGE, &c., at his STALL in the
at 1ý.A.IL L'ET EOT7TSE
us where fat and juicy meats are sold by
be him at the lowest price.
The oldest Butcher in the trade; he
claims the patronage of the public.
Feb. 16 ly.
H. MANHEIN
GRAND ECORE, LA., r
SUnusual Bargai n
a1 -IN
GROCERIES,
k 1 of,
a Of whicllh I have a large stock, of ,oth
t Staple and Fancy,
BOUGHT FOR CASH,
and can sell cheaper than any one. so
cot
I keep large ansorttuwnt of general h
Merchandise, coilplete and full in all de- in
tails.
U DRY GOODS,
FANCY ARTICLES,
CI)C OKERY,
BOOTS, Pa
SHOES,
SCORN, tit'
OATS,
AND ho
IME DICIlNrS,
Which are all
Marked Down to
to the lowest figures. th
Price my Stock and yon will certainly
be astonished.
The highest CASH PRICE paid for
tl Country Produce.
IFeb. 1W. ly.
GREENBACKS
'et. FOR BONDHOLDERS!
GREE"BACKS
FOR GOLD GAMBLERS!
GREE BACKS
FOR NATIONAL BANKERS!
SGREEXc L CKS
FOR TIHE PEOPLE! 1
a GREENBACAKS
FOR ALL I'PRPOSE !
( For which money is usced interchangea"
ble at par with (Gold and Silver, in a suf
ficient qua:ntity as to promote industry, l
Eton. invite innmigration, and develop the re
sou!rces of the countlry is what the
CINCINNATI ENQUIRER
Claims is the only remedy for the ills
bronRnt upon the country hy Legislation
12. nld Laws, enacted for the, benefit of a
Monied Cla:ns, and the oppression of La
bor and Industry.
its Government Credit susta ins our Bonds
have for the benelit of the wealthy, let the
in1 same Cedit
Se s TA I N GREENBACKS
Sin For the benefit of the People who sustain
tain- the Government.
DAILY ENQUIRER, per year : $12 00
Mills WEEKLY ENQUIRER " : 1 15
Free of poitage.
Agents wanted,
Send for specimeni copies.
FARAN & McLEAN, Publishers,
Feb 23-lmo Cincinnati, Ohio.
t feverly Tuclter,
General Collector
. T . " All Accounts promptly collected
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS,
SUCCESSION SALE.
Succession of Agnes Christophe. su
Y virtue of an order of the Hon. Par- an
1 ish Court of the Parish of Natchito
ches and to me directed, I will offer at
public sale the following movable and to
immovable property, belonging to the 6<
Succession of Agnos Christophe, on t,
Thursday, 11w 25th day of March, 1878
the sale to take place at the late residence
of the deceased. ce
1st. A large lot of house and kitchen th
furniture. al
2nd. A certain piece or parcel of land be
situated in the Parish of Natchitochels.
on the right bank of Cane river: bounded in
above by land of Gassion Metoyer, and
below by land of Jean Conaut, and con
tainmg eight acres.
3rd. Another tract of land with the
buildings and improvements thereon, sit
uated in this parish, on the right bank
of Cane river, descending, measuring two
id and one-half arpctts front on said river ;
- and running back for depth, between
parallel lines, forty arpents, bounded I
above by lands of Jerry Jones; below by
lands of Widow Jean Baptiste Augustin am
3e Metoyer; and on the front by Cane river, di
n- beiunr the same derived by partition from be
the nuccession of deceased's father, by act ai
passed before Charles Sers, Notary Public ai
January 24th 1851. This last tract to be Ii
sold in live equal subdivisions, of one half sl
s arpent each, on Cane river, with equal c4
se depth of forty arpents. A plat of the g
, same to be exhibited on day of sale. ti
Terms and conditions of Sale: For all
7n movables, Cash. For all immovables.one
half cash; and the balance in one and two
4) years with 8 per cent from day of sale.
O Purchasers to give their promissory notes
tl with good and solvent personal security,
with vendors' privilege and special mort- v
gage retained on the property sold with u
act of non-alienando td the priejdice of
the vendor, said notes to have the force
and effects of twelve months' bonds taken -
in sale under writs of Fieri Facias, and
the collection to be enforced in the same
manner as twelve months' bonds taken in
accordance with articles 719 and 720 of
the Code of Practice of Louisiana.
I- ABEL METOYER,
as Feb 23-5t Admn'r.
cy
N OTICE.
Succession ot' :lstress Christine L'heris
rOft.
C IIARLES F. L'HIERISSON having
E, applied for the administration of the
Succession of Mistress Christine L'heris
sion dcc'd. Notice is hereby given to
ºsh all whom it may concern, to show cause
TE within ten days from this date, why the
irs, application of the petitioner should not
St. be granted.
ed. P. A. SIMMON S,
Feb. 23.-2t. Parish Judge.
NOTICE.
Succession of Seline Deslouctes.
W ILLIAM B. POWELL having ap
V plied for the Administration of the
he Notice is hereby given to all whom it
may concern to show cause within ten
E days, why his application should not be
by granted.
Witness the Hon. P. A. Simmons, Judge
be of said Court, this 21st day of February
A. D. 1878. JOHN LAPLACE,
Feb 23-2t D'y Clerk.
SlIlE public ar. h.r l,} a l iiil ti Ot
the,.re Will b ,,So l i n S.V'T 'I;Il ,y iy
r3ld ,lay of March 1 (11 . lthe followiae
iewly estali. hed Ferrb.s to wit:
At Gr ;,1." lilni,
Iroa w,'ll 's crosvng,,
(O' rvers Piare o4n Cane river,
lEmnanu'l I'rt:,l(ih n r's.
Moll t Itof o" IIý'n I1 lhrl x.
Also the tollowi I 'errieh not hereto.
'ore, slid a1l! olther. iitih whicht the terms
of sale have not I)1(1n (onplieid with.
A\t the,' Month of (_'aoe river.
lilV oU DlerIla ne'.
I olhsoli's ' Ferry.
McDo inah's lltll'on Black Lake will bl
sol for 5 y}'ears.
The others will bie sold for the term
ending the 31st day of li ecebe tllr 1i80,
Thl, llurcIhase price lalliale in tile spot,
in lnlV Parish papeil r not illegally issbed,
The plnurl'ha er 1to give hlllld aliiinally at
reqlii''ed by lawv . V3M. PAYNE
Feb i,1 i;-t Presi'denit Police Jury.
JUiDGIMENT.
Lucy D. Prothro vs. L. E. Prothro.
Parish Court, Natchit)oc1hes, Louisiana.
IN this case, by reason of the law and
Cevlid'nee being il ftIvol r of the Plain
till, Luly D. Prothil , wife of Leonard E.
PrIthro. Dihfeoldant. It is tllherefore or
dere1d, adjudged 1Ii decreei''d that the
coll lity of acililtis and gains lhereto
fore existiing lltwen.'l her andl her said
huisband e. and thill same is hereby dis
solved, and it is further de'l'ed anl ad
ijudlgedl that the said plainlitl Lue~v D.
Prothro do have in thell' fiuture the right
to administer andi clontr'l her separate
estate, and that drffenilalt, L. E. Pro
thro, pay cost of this snit.
This done, read and signed in open
Collurt on this, the 28th day of January,
1878
(Signed) P. A. SIMMONS,
Parish Judge.
State of Loiisianaf,
Clerk's Office,
Parish of Natchitoches.
I certify the above to lIe a true and
correct copy of the original Judgment on
rile in my oilice.
\'itne(s my hand and of.
[L.S.] ticial Seal, this 4th day of
February, A. D. 1878.
JNO. LAPLACE,
Feb. 9. 19y. Clerk.
SUCCESSION SALE.
Succession (if Francois Valsin.
!Y virtue of an order of the Hon. Par.
Sish Court of Natchitocles there will
be offered for sale at public auction, on
i lednlsdalt , FXebruary 7 27,1878,
at the late residence of the deceased
lnealr tlle city of Natchitoches, in this
- Parishl. the following ulil'able property
belonging to said successiou, to-wit:
1 Wagonl.
2 Ox Yokes.
3 Plo~ s.
1 Set plow gear.
"2 Bales of Cotton, mtore or less, in the
seed.
lBlack Horse.
2 Axes.
1 Double barrelled shot gun.
Also the following re'al estate, to wit:
A eerta:in tralc't of land sitll ated in the
Parish of Nath(lit's, ablloullt one mile
north of till' city of Natchitloches, con.
taiinIg Oflrty-olne 27-1011 llres, and repre
n snted on a plat of survey filed with a
pn.oCes verbal of sale in the Succession of
Jean lite. I'rudllonlne, as Lot No. 2,
lhounldel ilon tlhe 1east by lot No. 1 of aid
plat bllllonging tol Alugulstin Rouques, and
west ,by Jlt No. :, beIllloging to John llld i
E. St. Annll i Pllllhrltlllie, aeqiurlired by the
Slecc'l'ld alt t.hil SlucCessionl sallc 0fJ.W '
Prndhoolniun, iado Oil thIe 7th day of
Noveniber, 1 72.
Terms of Sale.
SCASH on the spot.
J. C. TRICHEL,
Jan. 26.--tds. Adlluinistrator.
SherifflPs Sale.
Mary C. Hunter, Administratrix, vs.T.
C. Donovan.
District Court -No. 8145.
Y VIRT''UE of a writ of Fi. Fa. isu0ed
in thile above enltitled and numbered
suit and to iUm directedl, I have ueiied
andi will olfer for isale to the last and
Shighest bidder at the door of thle Cout
SHouse in the City and Parish of Natehi •
d toches, on
he atllurday tihe 16th day of [Marchl, 187,
the following described property, to.wit
Th A certain tract of land or plantation
situated in the parish of Natchitoobie
c and on the right bank of Red river des,
cending containing one hnndred
n thirty (130) acres, more or less, boilb
above lby lands of Robert Simmons .and
id below by landls belongi' a to Robert i8*
's. llons together with all tie buildingS and
ed inlplrovements thereon.
td Termls of Sale.
SCASH-with the benefit of apprasemtl nt
D. H. BOULLT, JR.
Feb. 9 -tds. Sheriff.
I NOTICE.
le Suecession of Oezimne adical.
ed ANDRY Clharleville Administrator of
by said Succession having filed his lflal
tin account of Administration and Tablesuof
er, distribution with his petition praying to
0m be authorized to pay tihe debts as stated
act and to be discharged as Administrator
lic land have his bond cancelled, notice is
he hereby givenll to all persons interested to
alf show cause within terw days why said al
nl count and tablleau should not be homnol"
h e gated nd ithe prayer of his petltonD
ted. W. H. TUIARD, "
all Feb 16-2t Clerk.
SUCCESSION NOTICET
tc LL persons holding claims against the
tt , sueccession of Francis Valain, de_'c
t- will plese present the samte to me or
'it l my Atttorney, J. H. Cunningham.
of J. C. TRICHEL,
r ee Jan. 26. Administrator,
II IlAuetion Sale
of OF THOROUGHBRED & other STOOL
,Ir TLL, be sold at Pulblio Auction at
S ithe residence of the late F.
Prudhoullue, Isle Brevelle, oh
.Monday, the 25th, da! of Feb. 18
a lot of thlloroughbred and other Stoee
consisting of
in g 2 Hlorses,
th e 10 Mague or Poland China Hogs.
ris - 15 cross4ed I ogs.
to 35 Head Hornled Cattle.
use i 12 Goats.
t te 1 Sulky.
not Terms of Sale.
All sums up to $25 cash on the o.
Abov'e $25. 1layable January, 1st, I8
e. Notes he:arinug per cent per annum i0
terest froll date of sale, witlh good
solvent security.
F. P. RAGGIO,
ap- Feb. 1 e-tds. Anctfonefr.
NOTICE.
IJan '7. 19-If 'ity Treasur