Ugjet Circulation of Eny
Country Paper in the State.
Rates of Subscription.
e year ...... .............. 1 5U
Si loth ..............
Nos ubscriptiou takten for less thaL 6t
0onths.
:11 I
A 5. -I
Arrival and Departure of Mails.
NEW OURLEANS.
ARR11' : UIEI'A UT
Tnelday 4 P. i 3!. Mflndy a A. N.
Friday 4P. M. 'I'1wrrd;y 9 A
titurdlay 8 t. 'I. 'Ihlurrsd:iv 4 t. \I.
$011day1Y 4 .3. Saturd:ay'v A. I
ARRIVE: IDEPART :
Every day except Everyv daiy eX-tpt
Miotday, 9.t. M. Saturetva 9 %. .11
TEXAS.
ARRIVE : J.IIA AT
Tuesdlay6 A. 'I. 'I'Iti av A. 31.
'rid:!v G A. M. Mouidaiv 6 A. M.
WINNFI'lD.
ARRIVE : IIEPART
Thulralay 6 1P .1. \Se lIed4la r) A. M.
Friday 6 r. '1. Saturd ay C . M.
MT1NDI:N.
AILBIVE: IDEPART
Tuesday B P. 31. WVetlIu.'udJay 6 t. 3r.
Frill y 6 rP. .3 Sati·r'1~uv 6 A. 31.
MRS. M. A. BU;HK E, P. M.
Special Notice.-Cavil Bray, Esq., of
Vernon parish, is the dulny authorized
gent for the VINDICATORt in Verinon par
ish, and all contracts madle by him will
he fully ratified and carried out by us.
E. F. Pressley anld .1. H. Caldwell, are
our agents for Saline.
is the regular authortizd trrarellin,!
Agent for the Vindicator.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
Ao Judicial nadrertismelmlt icill be
inserted in this paper hereajter, nU
Ies the Attoruney becomes security
for the adrertisiig frbill, which must
be paid on FIRST INHERTION. or
they will be diseonrtinuied.
PARitSII AND CITY NFNr VS.
LOCAL GLEANINGS.
Mr. Zachery presents the VIDsiCA.vro
with a peck of tine Irish potatoes which
are the largest yet brought to this office.
Mr. Mc D. Scarborough tiles with us a
cotton boll larger than a pigeon egg.
How'~ that
The VINmICc..'ro returnrs thanks to
Senator Eustis for fa vors : also to .J. B.
Elam, M. C., 4th district.
'Mr. Castellanos was a plmseN'lger on the
Able to this place. He came up as a;ttor
ney for Myers.
If the present good indications arte re
slized corn wont bring two hits per bushel
this fall and pork will be abunlldant.
Onr District Attorney locked horns
with Castellanos in the Myers case and
his speech was warmly applhinded.
Blooms are reported everywhere, whilei
the cotton crop prospects are the special
brag of every. farmer who comes to town
'Look at mle, ;Mr. Mloderator": is the
latest from the negative side in country
debating societies.
The "Myers cases" have' been cent inuled
tfll ne term of court. One upon the
application of the State andl two upon
that of the defence.
Mr. Boyce, an old and lnch esteemed
eitizen of this place left on the Burt Aleh
for a Summer visit to his friends in Ohio.
We wish him a pleasant time.
Major 8. L. James, Lessee of the louis
iana Penitentiary and contractor N. 0.
Pacific railroad came up per Bart Ale
last trip and is on a visit to Captain Bro
gan's camp helow this i-ity.
Wife beating is an ''"sual thing," and is
of "comumon oceurrance," at least that
was the best point made in the defensive
argument.
Mr. Allen Wheeler, Jr., paid us a visit
- Wednesday last. He is still suffering
hom an accident, which we recorded last
*ummer, but is able to report crops in
ine condition in his section.
It will soon be in order for some farm.
er to "leave it to the VINDICATOR" as to
the size of his potatoes-and leave the
ptatoes with us.
In our opinion hog stealing has about
played out. Under the rigorous prose
cation of this past year, we have sne
Seeded in getting a bog thief to plead
Pilty to the theft, which is a big ad
tanee from former times.
The VINDICATOR is good natured and
Seterous, but we must insist that our
Eebanges are required to make up a
P0od paper. Read in our office, friends,
b Y~e beart's content, bnt don't re
move the papers.
Now dlp tAhboy the garden plot
With esagy lntense,
Until he bags the trihe of worms,
And tbe. he skips the fence.
--Er.
ith funneral tread
Av e l home and goes to bed,
ttter what is beat unsaid .
T he who's fished since rose the osun.
-.8belting on a single bun,
ad after al's caught narry one.
-New York Clipper.
-ev, )a Martin, parish priest at this
PinS ha, so we understand, departed
Esamepawhere he will remain. He
hav ImaRy friends who regret his lear
hg old NItehitoches where he has been
Slongt stationed and where he has
ade many andi lasting acquaintances.
Th lmladies sthe Episeepall Aid Societv
mv U i bich we under
w . iThe VIK
La uait absehe lobliga
dothelesleefr blad frvavo
We want all those who owe the VIs
" DICATOR to begin preparations to pay
- Our wants will force us to call onil or
friends on tilhe It. August. and we hope
they will le prlepared to respond. in
the mean title all smnall 'amiounts will b,
gratefully appreciated.
Capt. Moses has on exhIibition at La
' , tt's lall somine of the very finest pic
ture we have ever sen.l. Those of the
chihlren taken by his "instantaneons"
r process 'are particulahtrly charming and
artistic. As he remainsll but a short time
we advise onr' friends to call early and
secure a pllotograplh at ia moderate plrier
which cannot he excelled in any city.
Now wiichl the girls thle in:tllct sticks
With strange inflatiation:
And Inmeanwhile plays fantastic tricks
With loldest eachilnation .
T'heir nmallets swing, the g:ll te to \t in.
Regardless of the friction :
Till suddenly one strikes a shin.
And, though she strtlugles hard togrin.
Site shrieks her mallet-diction.
-[fHackensack Republican.
Bright and early the Hart Able with
Captain Dick Sinnott hollin' down tlhe
roof, swept gracefully iup to our wharf.
This being her first visit since the "rise"
otf cot'rse everyodly was down to cheer
hlie Able and take monlt of John's cheer
to enahle themt to dlo so in a litting itali
ner. Alner Redtlon and Ben Kay of
ctise tifelt especial pride for they '"brinIgL
her in," while 'l'oil Dowty was not near
r'eatlv "to p"ass ' and "did't give a cent"
how long she stayed with us. Hamer
ltoke 1 pale aind cheerfutl andt Capt.
(gteorge was as usual, the iurbane hnsiness
atan. Capt Dick you're a trulmp and if
yon ktep ouit of the way of the physical
agents you'll dol. Thanks to John ftor a
toothpicik.
of
tl The Myers case, or one of them at least,
r- as there are three was continued
un!on the application of the State whose
chief witnesses were not on hantl. It's a
re
silngla:'r tfltt that thl deltfence would
have asked for a continnuance on the same
, groundl, and on account of theil absence of
It/ tIhe sawc trilm.sssx. and Myers' attorneys
had the affidavit drawn up for that very
l purpose, had not the State made the first
motion.
)e Col. Win. M. Levy, acting special judge
t1- in the case of the State vs. Myers for em
Ihezzlemenlt, delivered an opinion over
ruling a motion to quash the indictment.
which is spoken of, by all who heard it,
as able, wise and conclusive. Judge
Pierson also delivered an opinion in the
case against Myers for retaining public
. records which has been equally as hIghly
praised. It would be a pleasure to pub
lish these opinions and we hope those
' gentlemten will favor us with their notes.
Prof. Tice lays down the following as
the weather law for the month ending
a .Jne :30th, 16th and 17th heavy rains
ai dl thunder storms : 18th to 20th, clear
or fair; 20th to 24th ending in threaten
to ing weather, with heavy local rains antd
B. thunder storm ; 24th to 26th clear or fair,
with showers ; 28ta to 30th, generally
cloudy, threatening sultry weather, with
very heavy rains atnd terrile thulnntler.
Stormus alout 29th to l30th.
e Weather andi crops, the usual localism,
el are attracting mnchll attention. Since
our last we have been visited by heavy
rains nearly every d(lay and the complaintl
ttf "too much" will soon break out. Our
tlays have been warm, but not so hot as
in other localities, for our thermometer
lt has not registered over ninety thus far.
al We have had during the week chilly
-' nights, which, with us, are not gootd for
w man's health.
r Thite crops of foth cotton ani ctorn are
the slecial wonder of the f'armer and their
lhours from work are spl'ent in betting
how much they will gather from each
acre.
Capt. Gns Moses in i the rushes now,
getting off all the work he can before his
I departure to New Orleans, which event,
lt much to our regret, takes place in two
0. weeks, positively. So y,,u see if you
want pictures you bad best comne in at
is- once and secure them Capt. Moses takes
0. oinrtttaaeous pictu'es of children, somne
ti thling never before done here. Every one
t so for are charmed with Captain Motses
for his genial social qualities, while those
who make his busincess acquaintance are
at in raptures over hik skill as an artist.
Let our citizens be in time and secure a
'"Moses & Moise PhLotograph."
f Wife heating doesn't strike the average
,juror as much of an oflnuce "no how," at
at least it seems so, as they turned out one
in an, (man, did we say f God forgive its)
thing rather, whose wife, young and
beautifil, told in court a most pitious tale
Sof the brutality of her husband. Great
to God! what are we drifting to-that in
o enlightened America it is allowed a
wretch, whom it were base flattery to
it call a coward, the jury.-dicial right to
e- beat his wife! This community was
c- shocked and numbers of indignant citi
zens have called at our office to express
I their horror and surprise at his acquittal.
Every lawyer in court was struck dumb
d and the judge was so astonished that he
ar could not speak for ten mnlutes at least,
a after the jury had rendered their re
a, inarkable decision. The community
e- should take these matters in hand them
selves if it is impossihle, as it seems to
be, for justice to be meeted out through
the courts.
The Labaratory of the System.
The stomach is the laboratory of the
system, in which certain mysterious
processes are constantly going on. These
result in the production, of that wonder.
ful vivitfying agent the blood, which in
a state of health rushetd laden with the
element of vitality to the remotest parts
of the system. But when the stomach is
semi-paralyed by dyspepsia, blood manu
is facture is carried on emperfectly, the
circulation grows thin and slnggish, and
the system suentfers in consequnence. More
Sover, indigestion reasts upon the liver
Sand bowels, rendering the firet sluggish
n and the latter eonstiated The brain
also snuffers by sympat , and sick bead.
aches, sleeplessnesse and nervous symp
toms are engendered. Hostetter's Stomach
Bitters reform this state of things, gives
Spermanlent tone and regularty to the
d stomach and its associate organs, the
bowels and liver and ensures completoe
Snourishmelrt antiIncreased vigor fo the
system. It is tile most popuar as well
as the most eficenet anti-dyspeptio and
tonic in America. June 1 4t
Our New Orleans Letters.
Niumbher Four,
Whi/i1 c, ftifl t r(li ,1 n llshiix f 'the
policy q/f our rPlrrs.
NEWI ORLEANS, JUnl e, Ihh.
EIITOR OF VINDICATOR:
Sonme people would say that it was a
rathearsingular coincidence, that at the
very iuoiieiint when I was closing lettier
No. 2. h rcalling public altention to thei
fa;t that our reform Governor had np to
that moment been utterly silent in re
gtard to the Louisiana State Lottery, the
ellfiremlient by tlhis Inonopiyol of the
arbitrary a nd nlltonstitutiionl legisla
tion in its heh'alf was rapidly culhnina
tiug in a Iheavy blow at its own exis
tence. So rapid was the culnination
that I fo10,d myself in dlty bound to
nporarily abandonl th regulal.r conltext
otf ini" let te's. ami to de'vote letter No. 3
to a el.hrnoicle of the great event of the
Now,\\ I do not regardl this event as a
ilattel of coincidence am all, but as a pure
case of cause and effect. The Lottery
ten are only of the average run of their
splec'ieS. They are engaged ill all enter
lprise that recolnlllend itself to them in
but one aspect-the making of money,
anll a plenty of it. It is clear that their
priniple of action is-"the end justifies
the nmealns,'-and the means they deter
milied inl their calculations to be mnost
etlicient was to invalle successfully the
pridne natural rights of those around
them l and the rest was plain sailing.
To eth-et this, they laid their foinda
tion sagaciously, and all their calcula
tilons were solllund, save one, They made
no prolper calculation against two char
;cteristies of lman, or they were igno
rant of tlheil--viz: patriotism and oh
stinay--tlle latter, at the present day
I, iing often called "plue cnssedleess."'
There aret very good reasons why they
should not have calculated on eneouut
ering the first namloed trouble. In tile
first ph'Ie, they have clearly shown that
they have none of the characteristic
themlselves. III the second place, their
perfect control of the existing adminis
tration ftrnished the best reason why
they should doubt the existence of such
a thing in others.
But it is not so easy to aceoalt for their
miscalculation on the second count. There
it no doult that the State authorities
had ladl' tile path as smooth as they
could for the Lottery, but tlhey ought to
have knlwnI that man is possessed of at
least as much pride as a mule, and that
there are some liberties you cannot with
impunity take with a mule. Any planta
tion negro will tell you that.
"Pure enssedless" on any subject is to
be expected of man, but it is pre-eml
nently apt to be displayed if you ruth
lessly invade what he calls his political
rights; and more especially if you un
dertake to confiscate his private shot
gun, or to stick him in the parish prison
because he sells Havana lottery tickets
ol commnission, in order to feed his fami
Iv. And then there is another thing.
If yot' find your next door neighbor or
dei'ing around and utilizing, as against
yourself, the servants whom you pay to
do vOIlr own work, your "pure cussed
ness" is almost sure to assert itself. This
is what Charlie Howard was doing with
our Police, and, notwithstanding, the
Legislature and all the rest of the authori
ties sustained himn, the people kicked in
the traces. And so will it be to the end
of the world. Charlie Howard will
learn before lie gets through that it is
one thing to run a lottery, and another
to run a State.
It was not a mere coincidence then,
tllhat the Agosti Haibeas Corpus case oc
curred just a1s I was engaged in crititei
sig the course of our adlministration
towards the lottery. No, tie whole
thing occurred under the direct rules of
cause and efftect-just as much so as the
occurrances of the fourteenth of Sep.
tember. The seed was planted by the
Radicals, the tree has been nurnsed and
cherishedl hy our administration, and
this es the bitter, but legitinmate fruit.
But I proceed with my analysis of the
platform on which the State is being
conducted, and which I have stated in
Letter No. 2, under 9 different heads.
Under head No. i, I charge that the
policy of the administration is thle con
tinned fostering of monopolies.
No man can gainsay the truth of tile
charge. In the case of the Louisiana
State Lottery, the most gigantic and
most dangerous of these monopolies, the
proof is overwhelming., In regard to
any other monopoly, I defy any man to
show that the weight of one legislative
or executive finger has been raised
against one of them-and if these great
evils exist, and are so repulsive that the
people considered their representatives
bound to attack them;antd yet they
have not been attacked, but have, to a
greater or less extent, put the powers
that hie under intagined obligations to
them; I, therefore argue that they are
fostered by the governmenlt, in dlirect
violation, both of the will of the people
and of the pledges given by those en
trlusted with State control.
Head No. 6, says tile policy of the
powers that be, is "no Radical inrold on
the State Constitution; consequently no
Conveution of the people."
Surely, no man can deny this feature
of the policy of our rulers; and it is one
of tile most repulsive of all.
If there be one feature of reformation
above all others on which thlis people
had set their hearts, which their judge
ment told them was above all others
necessary, and which they considered
their chosen rulers solemnly pledged to,
it was the asneembling of a Constitutional
Convention for the purpose of estab
lishing an organic law elmanating fromn
the people. The organic law under
which we have for years been living is
the spawn of military despotism, and
shows I:te despicable parentage all over
its hideous face. It has been loathed
and cursed by every intelligent and
thoroughly patriotic man in the State
ever since its birth, and its utter annal
hilation has been the nightly dream of
all who love country for country's sake.
I undertake to say, that not one of the
servants of the lpeople now holding of
tice from Governor down to Constable,
could have procured a nomination if he
had proclaimed himself opposed to thor
ough revision of the Constitution by the
people in Conventiou assembled-and if
any one of them, in the face of all we
have suffered at the hands of despotism
and lawlesseeness, bad dared to suggest
that we were electing a legislature that
would arrange the present Constitution
for us, to the extent of twenty amend
meats -leaving untouched the most ob·
jectionable features-I think that indi
vidual would not only have failed a nom
ination, but would have been put in a
Lonatic Asylum by his friends.
It is very difficult for a man who reads
and thinks, and is at the same time at
all zealous for relief of his State from
bad government, to speak or write tem
perately of conduct in public ofieials
like this we re considering. I cannot
do either without a rising of the gorge.
I am indignant at the utter faithlessness
exhibited, and I am disappointed at the
delay put upon our material reactiont;
or, fl I am to believe for one moment in
the sincerity of these men, then I am
shocked at the utter dearth of political
sagacity exhibited.
But, I do not believe in their sincerity,
and, therefore, for their intelligence I
have more respect than they care for
mb to have. No, the conduct of these men
amounts simply to either amazintg po
litical cowardice, or to wanton abandon
ment of the general interest in favor of
that of the few, or to both. I believe
that it is both. Ilam sare that some of
thes men never sought the positions
they hold, except to w.,rk for udi' iduaI
ends or the ends of "rings," and the.'e
men1 have preyed on the weakness of+
others. But, I do not ottffer a word of
apology for this weakness. On the con
Strary, I despise it, and I regard it as
morel' dangerous to liberty and the cause
of go .d governmentI, than dishonesty it
self. 'Tlhere is sonlething declared about
a dilihonest man; he is a warning in
himns-elf; but the weak public man is a
(co1151a1tit. Sil a secret dailligel'.
All these aniiti (',nvientoli pnhlit , ser
\-ants will pou11lr itit your ah'" I114.51 of
hioeyed words abihlit the "inexllplie.ne'r
of siteh ,rldical aiction." Th,.y will till
yoli--"OhI! yes. I thought us vol ilo
before I got belhinidl the seu's: jiidleedl I
thinik with Vion now hut there arte poinits
that you don't klnow\, anil that I cali't
tell. In fact, it is positicely necessarv
for us to go slowly. The Northliern peo
ple are watching every iioveililt, ;uand
Ilayces is couiitiiig on our doing nothillg
to iiar his pohivy.
"lint." (we answer) "'thlie Northernl
people do not care a 'red cent what we do
with Howaird's Lotterv, or a ily other
monopoly; or that we abolishi useless
oflices. or iut down ixholrbita it sahlri'es;
or that we reorganiz te lhjudiciary)
"No, I kinow that" (he will say,") hut
thelie, you know, it is very idoultfuil if
we could carry the State aid get our
owli people ilto the Conlvelltilon ill clii
iuaundliig nuiajority; anii you know it
would be disastrols to fail atnd have ai
Radical Contvention."
"llht did we Inot carry thle State in the
McEuiery calmpaign ''
"Oh! of course,'
'"And did we not carry it aIgain ill the
Nicholls ciulallignle ?"
"Oh! yes, that's so."
"And did we not, iii both those caill
paiglls, have Hadical offrticials in charge
of the inachliliery, and the I liitedi States
troolps to back them 'f
"Yes, but you know---." t "011! the
l--1 tiike your buts. When you were
after oftice, aind I eimuld vl ote for yoeu,
you gave rue credit for common sense
now you have otlher Iasters to serve,
and I am a d--n fool."
And this is the whole thing in a nut
shell.
Let the people of Louisiana not be de.
ceived on this great and underlying liles
tion of a Coustitutional Convention. All
objections to it conies from "the money
power," the holders of unnecessarf of
tices, and the receivers of exhorbitanut
public salaries or perquisites in office
and those public officials who have thus
far defeated the public demand for a
Convention are either the instruments of
one or all of the elements, or else are so
feeble of opinion as to be worse than ac
tive enemies.
Another every day argument of the
anti-Conventiou otlicials I must not
forget to record here. All of them speak
the little speech as glibly as the ten
years old school boy does his commuence
mient platform exercise, though not as
innocently. This so-called "argument'
is, that in 'the present excited state of
the people-tiushed as they are with
hard won victory over a relentless and
despotic political foe-they Pre not to be
trusted in Constitutional Convention;
they would surely run into excess. After
awhile, when the cool anid sober second
thought posses them, it may be right to
hold a Convention."
If this "argument" were uttered in
sincerity, I should be forced to brand it
as insensate twaddle, and worse than
unworthy of real men; but there is no
sincerity in it, and if the people do not
mark and punish every holder who has
dared thus to insult their patriotism and
intelligence, then they deserve to wear
the collar of servitude all their days.
Talk of the people of Louisiana going
to "excess" in Constitutional Convention
assembled !-What part of the history of
this people thus characterizes them I
On the contrary, does not their conduct
under Warnothianl and Kellogian rule
prnve tlhen to lie Ilhnost crininally pa
iientl Look back to the 14th of Sep
timber, 1874, when with aroms in thui
hands they strangled despotism in ali
hour and paid the price of the best blood
in the land ! Who, then, was guilty of
"excess'," not onCe man. And was not
that the hour for "exceass," if it was ever
to come i Could we not then have wip
ed out of existence the last villain who
had had his accur ed foot upon our neck i
And if we had done so, even though the
haunts of unreasoning and ravening
Radicalism would have seethed and boil
ed over with howling condemnation,
would we have found no hearts to have
symnpathized with and approved the act i
"Exces" indeed! Would it be "ex
cess" to frame a Constitution like thpt
of Pennsylvania, or like unto any other
in this country that has emanated from
thinking and patriotic people ? And do
the people of Louisiana desire a Consti
tutiou worse than that of Pennsylvania i
Out Iupon the faithless political huck
ster in oilice, who, while holding lucra
tive or honorable position at til hands
if the people he has flattered aid ca
joled into trusting him, plays basely
false in their hour of need, and even
insults their manhood and intellhgence! i
If additional proof were wanted in re
gard to the woiderful patience and for
bearance of the people of Louisiana in
matters political, it is clearly to be found
in the calmness with which they have
received the hitherto unheard of action
of the late legislature in virtually resolv
ing itself into a Constitutional Convei
tion, and offering their usurpatory apawn
to the votes of their constituents
Let us hope that the calmness with
which this outrage is received is no inu
dication of suhbmuission to the indignity or
acquiescence in the wrong. On the cou
trary, let us hope that it is but that
calni which precedes the storm, and that
through the ballot box this fall, the men
who composed the last legislature will
receive a rebuke which will make them
hang their heads in shame and confiu
sion.
It will never !o for the people of
Louisiana to even appear to sanction the
outrageous usurpation attempted by the
last legislature in offering to their votes
some twenty amendments to a Constitu
tion which the people never framed, and
at the same time retaining intact the
most odious and oppressive features of
the instrument. Even if the amend
ments included the elimination of every
objectionable feature, a people tenacious
of their rights and watchful over their
liberties will never permit servants
whom they have appointed to perform
specific duties to so far transcend their
functions as to attempt the manufacture
of an organic law for them.
In the past ten years I have passed
with my people through all the deep
humiliation that attends subordnlination
to resistless military despotism, and this
ordeal is the great erucible which tries
the metal of which we are made. I have
seen niany fall on the wayside, sick at
heart, weary, fainting, yet loyal in spirit.
I have seen others die from sheer exhaus
tion. And I have seen not a few desert,
go over to the enemy, and become the
worst persecutors of their former friends.
But the great army of the people has
clung together and waited patiently for
that day of delivery which was surely
to come as a reward for faithful adhe
rence to the undying principles which
underlie legitimate and beneficeial gov
ernment. The people have been faithful
to themselves in the face of a foreign
foe; will they be less faithfnl in presence
of the foe that strikes from within
Will they use their ballots to rivit chains
upon their wrists more galling when
realized, more ditficelt to rend asunder
than those just broken to pieces and
cast at the feet of our foes
I will only believe in the quiet sub
mission of my people to domestic usur
pation when I see them cast their blI1ote
Sto euatfin it.
a i AMICU' CURI&
'NEW ADVERTTISEMENTS.
1-OLITICAL NOTICE.
R1OOMt PARISH CENTRAL COM'ITTEE,
Parish of Natchitoches, La.,
June 4th, 1878.
rlIE Mnmlr.is of the Centr.'al Commit
I tee of this p:jisth ire reqnested to
nmeet at their Roots. i l this eity on
sAT'lRDAY (next) 1.th .Tule.
Eý i.V iriwnlht'r somlald he iresent, as
1atters of t 'rave ilmlluortali'ce Nwill be
tran lllslat d,.
M. J. C'I' NIN(HAM,
,)ner 4. Chairman.
SPE'CIAL N(TI('E.
The tax llayers of Natcl titwches pIrish
are hereby notitiead that I will. :ecoiua
l:lfanied by tlhe Assessor, meet tlem at thel
places Illulilt helw ftr the purpose of
colleCti l the lixes ilal dne andl takingl
assassanaieits:
WVarii 2- Ii. 11. Hatl horn's, Wednhesday
and Th'l rsda:iv'. .liie 5tlh & itli.
Wardl 3-tlippe's illnt', Tuesdaaly and
\VlWednesdaly. Ilne Il11th & 12tlh.
War d: Itrauaawell's Store, Thursday
intl Friday. l:tlh &. 14th.
Ward 4--aillllte, Mondlay :iand T'les
day, Junie Ith & lxith.
Wardl 4-llutlter' Stlore, Weellieidnay and
Thursday, ,Ine 19th & 20th.
Ward "---lheilahl Church, Tluesday and
Wedlnesday, ,June 25th & 26th.
WViard 60-A. V. Carter's, Friday and
Saturlmday, '8th &I 29th.
iard --.I. E. 'I'Turner's, Tuesdlay iland
aWednesday, .July 2d & 3d.
Ward '-.laines licasley's, Tuesday andi
Wednesda:y, July i9th & 10th.
Ward 9--J. Allphouise Prudlholnlle,
T'ues(day and \ed1tnesdtay .nly ittli & 17th
WVard 10-E. Host's, Friday anld iSat
rlrday. July 19th & 20th.
Ward l(0-Cloutierville, Mondaly aind
Tuesday,.lnly 2'2d & 2:id.
My oflice in Natchito(ches is niow openli
andl will conitine olpeni except on the
dates above mentionled.
L. N. LANE,
May 1S-tmj. Tax Collector.
H ENRY SAFFORDI,
Attorney at LaIr,
NATCIIITOCIIES, LA.
7 Office adjourning that of Mr. Jack,
May 18 4111o.
John H. Haann
NEW ORLEANS, LA.
-WIIOLESALE DE.ALEIl IN
SEED CORN,
SEEI) OATS,
HIAY ANI)
FEED STUFF,
Siln. Dried Meal.
t07 Orders solicited, and satisfaction
guaranteed.
May 11.-4m.
. J. SMITH
PROPRIETOR
Omne and See me.
Hoice LIQI'ORIS.
HIarmniing CIGARlS.
Heerfuil Compain!ii
St. lus St. lTCHITO('I'HEN, L.I.
HENRY A. WALMSLEY,
(Silcesor to M31. II. CAlIlV~lR.)
- Il AIKIit IN
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
HARDWARIE.
SIHOES,
CLOTHING,
CROCKERY WARE, &C., &C..
Also a general line of Plantation iand
Family supplies.
May 4, 1T78.
- Diseases of the EYE and EAR.
IDr. C0. B1 "A . D,)
OCULIST AND AURIST.
142 Canal St. New Orleans, La.
Hours fromn 9:30 to 3:30.
April 20.--tf.
A. 0. HAI.I. M. DIsoLtI.
-WIIOLFALE
I10UO1R M1 1HANT1,,l
Fine and Conmmon brands of
WHIISKIES,
BRANDIES, &c.
and dealers in
IMPORTED AND D00NIESTIC CIGARS.
SALESHOOMS :
No. 17 LEVEE STREET,
SHREVEPORT, LA.
WARER00M:
No. 10 WASHINGTON STREET,
LOUISVILLE, KY.
March 16--ly.
I I
ILLS, FEVERS, DYIPIEIA
and Siold by elRerLs Every r
nm OR3aAN
MI sokepOPATHeII
-1
UNPRECEDENTED
iTTiBATIINI
OVER IIALF A MILION OISTRIBL'TED.
LOUISIANA STATE
IOTTEIIV COMPANY,
This
Istitutiou
was regularly in
corporated by the Leg
islature of the State for Edu
cational and Charitable purposes.
in 1868, with a Capital of $1,000,000,
to which it has since added a reserve
fund of $350,000. ITS GRAND SIN
GLE NUMBER DRAWINGS will
take place monthly. It ner
cr scales or )pontponef.
Look at the follow.
ing Distribu
t ions :
GRAND PROMENADE CONCERT
during which will thke place t
THE
EXTRAORDINARY
SEMI-ANNUAL
-:)AT(:-
NEW ORLEANS,
TUESDAY JUNE 11, 1878,
I'nder the Peirsonal Supervision and
MAN AG(EM ENT
(he. G. 7. BEA UREGA 10),
hf .Lo6eekihne.
- .NDI
Oen. JLUBA L A. EARLI,
(if I'rginia.
Capital Prize,
$100,000.
NOTICE,
Tickets are $10 Only ;
Halves, $53; Fifths, $2; Tenths, *1
LIST OF PRIZES,
i Capital Prize of $100,000... .$100,000
1 Grand Prize of 50,000.... 50,000
I Grand Prize of 20,000 ... 20,000
2 Large Prizes of 10,000.... 90,000
4 Large Prizes of 5,000.... 20,000
20 Prizes of 1,000.... 20,000
50 " 500.... 25,000
100 " 300.... 30,000
200 " 200.... 40,000
600 " 100.... 60,000
10,000 " 10....100,000
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
100 Approximation Prizes of $200 ..20,000
100 do. do. 100... 10,000
100 do. . do. 75... 7,500
11,279 Prizes. amounting to......$522,500
Gen. C. T. BIAUIlAID, of Lelisiama.
Gea. JUllAL A. EALIL, of irgimal.
Commishioners.
Write for Cirenalarsor send orders to
M. A. DAUPHIN,
P. O. Box 692, New Orleans, La.
SREULAR MONTHLY
DRAWING
July 9th.
CLAss .-CAPITAL PI 1 $o0,000oo
Whole Ticketa, 1.00; Halves, $1.00.
SYt 25.ly.
NEW ADVEIaT'IK ':
& 1agniirt 3 string ptlht 1
( (No risk see befI Ii '
lonly where not inlt . i
ted 8 yrs. Trradelpouring in, \ .
wted ev'ervwhere. \\e -1 ,
Tholmas lros., Catskill..'x. Y. ,;. .
hFor a Case I'' \ \ I.i, ,'
back, wealklless ol'f , the w ,.t e,. ' ,L :
or klowl. It soothes. it L oni
ellles, where other permnl, t,.-g ,I
lall lini en s tilil.
oF- h geul nellh lason l, .i , \ ,,,, .i,
hastlle word Cap. ine t' I TT I' ti,
plaster. Take n v ot l,,. , , . ,
ORGANS'
L)11atest if Catlgusonetl unung t :
thinl, ntlt l'iee. MA SO N A\ 1
(;AN Co). Bhoston. \'t"\ \w'i (.
I .( Pianos price $1000 nltll , \till|| 10
$425. Suiagiie rtb Gr3 d s qi uar, ri ,ii ,
1,100 only $ 5.ere not Ehgn't i, I i i.
tei, price 'ra00 only 1i 3. Ni . .'
wanUpright PianoseVerwhr. V,t:, .
Thomas B1ros., Catski. N.Church 1h.i 1 i
theops p rice $30 nl y i 1, 1 .: ,1 - t
Mirror Top Organs, ,rely .9103.. I::,
come and see. It ot hits. i f I] ;t n ,,
Creprei nted, R. t. h r e pthi I,,,1  -
all lininitos or Organs il. en r :
Illst.Newsp ge ru with msu. h inl('r , i .:
ab~out cost of Pianloi anld I ll",; al l a,llI,.
Plhas the woaddrss DAN .ltl 1I'. 1:-.: i
Washington, N.aJ. ., otr
pI leantiful 'once rt t j j
PaW price t lttllit h11\ f i1 .
Par$425. Superb on' Purgative ill ni:e,,.
Rich Blood, and w\ill enuplhetel> , ..:
the blood in the elntire ,yst,m in i,
$1,100 months. Aly p5. Elegant h ll :
nuos, price $'300 only" $1I7"5 \r\.
pillright e ianofrom 1 to 12 ,,,ks ,
gans 12 stopsi $"?,'ut. Chio Ii I 111,,:u;,
st~ops price $:190 onily I 1:,, la-I ; i
Mirror Tlop Organs, only-
restore and to see me at ho, if such a h i
be possible. Scunt by mail l;,rn I,.,
restamps. I. . . FareJoso & o., .u t l I
AGENTS WANTED ii.
THE GIREAT
REN OF O
and Pianos or Orgeat I'gin rel it .
BIBLE READER AND ilI' b) si 'l i,, 1,
Land. Address fordisEl ri ' ti, :I.º .
circulars, Nelson & Phillip, l* !l,-.,
WashingtNo. 805 Broadway, N.J. .1.h1. i
M** OsR.BUTTS
No.Parsons' Purgati N. E!h th
Who ass h __ gre te exp1rience In .he tr,,*,,,f ..
RNiltroubles oftboth d, le and w eimll tan t,. I
lta he Wblood intve the entireult of his h -n i il.
poth in hme two mw werha est publishrd, en~ti.ed
The PHYSIOLOGY OF MARRIA¢,,
The PRIVATE MEDICAL ADV;E::
months. Any person ai ho Ia ie a1 - I
pill ereb night from to 12 tithood,.1w ts \m:L
restored to sound e rheinalth, Istati ,n I 1,i ,.
abe possible. Sent byod. The two I Ih  ,,'
staas.invls. Inorormh for (., h n.irr! i !'
AG~ENTS WANTED F:
THE GREAT1
ZEN OF (WR)
 wi thalhrecentimprovernets in na.d:,,'.' • ,
waourhomeasresay:"Theknow,!,de, i~.,n
Antuewwork of Griatntny t-to y-, ,
BIBLE READER Atht eveý''on hoct' l,,
Land. Address fury discrionI th n eri ,
circulars, Nelson ,t Phuillips. lil~th, i~
No. 805 Broadway, N. igr i n r
IL R DR. BUTTS
No.I2 N. Eghtr3
Wh Ia o U volme, $1; In loth onee
NilPUOes~etra Sen unde eal,~
~seal rioube.of hale and r iinhak t ha
lathe AWmtfgwe. the re~uses ot his het' al ,'I
pmtieein euwe mw work., )nt publiah71, u~e n-t
The PHYSIOLOemdy of t MAh try.
The PRIBarbara's IMDfallilo
PILE CURA ,
Mamufnetured by the
t mjhl a tleif Co.,Deruee ,u 5,. ;.
l ntel%'emn re milmrrh:,:
lagua emil understod Then tw hne im osi
]PriN Lis sad hosts lide h'tesiula sl~
dut t Madison Dispensv....
ars utiimoetligta Ip ll tl
201 !leof a rkn d t.,n thec Na, 1'/.
DR. RNIlaw, hvin m' ito er
iiCWem AI :n ,nh eri
W."l ll .WLll warroi eoe na. PL, e a
Oell ills ].|]ll uiEA~l I;I lid': tor l ,1\t it.
IUeL le pl- ges , m .e a t h t. ,
0IIGEN. eIA l, Famen t uet , u ,ne , tsea, o, .
or-the se d y Oure of smin. l V,. ne-,. . .
Mallhlx and alldisorders brounht uati h n '
I3A~l~l lrexet n larham'st hna' hp il<"l,
.g@ Strei t 81sth vlamel, .ihuh nnesl:ti. O.
Afl $100, $900, $5i00, $ 1000
MPW~ PLEX FOTICURES & c.
BrokersNo.t12 Walm Street, New Y,,rk. fl e
desitalble inveslitments 1 ta e 's, whihh friquln
]y pY_ from five t twenty tPin., the n mi t i
Vested. Stockn bought lasl carried .'lat ha , .,
st red ondepo~s.itor-three per enrt. Exlplanat~oJy
c1 I jcul J Pmadl has a repors s itel t fre U.
Orgnlanonamon;.
r201 &d Morphinn bhabihy ed.,
S.HRWW. iieidin 5)m < o
Opeb as 5*ratin, SUM 1 . Iio
WorshInTo guLauu , Gri'e to., .m .
TAX NOTICE.
STATE TAX COLLECTOI{, O1,'It,'I{;:
easthitnohes, March 2t1h, I b . 1
TH publiN are hereby Iotified tha1 I
&al now prepared to colhecL.t .ti C nl
Parish Taxes and Licentses now dx,..
The following discolntS are allo' d h1 y
law on taxes paid during
April 3 per cent on Titsa. . 0.
May 2 " " "
June 1 " " "
L. N. L.ANE'.
March 30-tf State Tax Coll,.,t,,r.
FROM HElR AFR IHt 1.'to
The Phomix has Srt on new life knd n,,
yatera for puflie favors.
J Warren Sdai
hes taken charge and DAN omg a, i-l, n
the choicest
BRANDIES,
WHI8KIES,
LIQUORS,
RICH ST. LOUIS BEER ON DI)I:i.W
Don't forget, ye thlirsty, th,, Iloin ,x
on St. Denis 8treet.
Feb. 24.1y
Op. A. Raung.n,. 1
lPhysician and Snrgeon
Mo thgomenry, La.
FOR SALE.
TOlE becond hand Reggled Io. lu,,r, I
Pris Tacondition. For 'r,, ndi ,i.
T to .iiE coPntrew O oen .
$.tt L.N. LAN anE.