Mbe eopi'% o indrtivator.
Adtrertieing 16 1 s At
___________ ut I cll~iqin~ c 'lit~ 1 1g. liii 11~ u iiittiij))1kuitI
6(41" RES, ? 7 ?
Ific""'c.·'J. Y4. COSCROVE
2 ,tll :rt9,. " 700 t 1 0 0 I' ll) ~U' 0r1 25 00
4 ql rc." I In 14 on 2,+ o 100 37 (0
iiur.H. . 2111) I 3)) 00 411 X00 471 IN) THE WELFARE OF TIE E OrE IS T111 SUPREiME LAWY.
7 lPre)). 2:t II 211 7 91 00 11 I 00 51 011 711 00
I II sO n ec p yI 0 01. o ) 3r . . . . . ..1. . . . . . . . ._ar ý2 rl
,; 1;1 .:l I :: INI 711 nu ___ Official Organ of the White Citizens of Red River, Sabine, Winn and Natchitoches Parishes. ,ll cithM. lokin Plt IlIr ldrfli
;I silo aro lll l f .11 Sl), p0 IIII 90 1,:?.;I 13J l :11\.nll.( ·
til Vt! ))l&t n7 1iI:,iM \45iri iOti IV. il4t -S LA., JANUAR 12, 1878.
75I Cl!)))) p4~·\cr.H 1 Mf)c·r0CC.l XVOL. V NATCHI'ij()HES, LA., JANUARYP 12, 187i8. ~ NO. 7 IIII11:1( )I)1.it I) tii l it ))1S IIIt 10P 31I)t11) l11;lt
BUSINESS DIRECT ORY.
A KAI[\N-Fanuily G',oezie., ,. o' 2,1 and
St. Denis ' 1treets.
MA YEUIt-Wood and Blacksmith Work,
A.Chnrch Street
A. PEIINI-The New Stand-Beer Gardens,
Fine \Vines, Lilluorsand Cigars. St.l-:-lnis.
A. ALLUI-Restaurant, St Denis Street.
LEX LEMIEE- NStary Public, St. Denis o
street.
BEVERYI, Y TI'€KEl--General ('ollecting
BAgent and Canvasser, St- Denis street. _
BRIOOKS--G0ns and Pistols sold. male and
B. Repaired, St. Denis Street.
)t ,LLARI) & CAMPBELI .Mterchandis eand
) Plantation Supplies, Front street.
IIlFLPLIN,CUNNINHAM & CIIAI'LIN--At
torneys at Lai. Washington street.
.L..ANV LEVY--PrFnlily Groceries and
Gen/ eral Mrchandise, Front street.
~C2sra -erh --l' -r-
ASPARI & DEITRTCII-Drv Goods, Gro- I
ceries and General Merchlandize. Sole
Agents for Screw Bottom Shoes, Front street. c
ADa IEL C. SCAR.\ IROPO UGTI. Attorney in I
Fact. Office with W. H. ,ack, Second St
1 EORGE GAREZIA-Fanmily Groceries, under
'M asonic Lodge, 2d Street
Go FONTENOT-Planters' Ilotel-Favoritco
farmers' and strangers' resort, St. Denis.
G, IIEN -Biots and Shoes made and repair
ed, St tDenis Street.
G'ORGE W. KEAIRNEY...Recorder and No
tary Punblie, Court Ihonuse, 2d street.
ENRY t;ENII'S-Charter Oak Stoves and
H Tinware. Front Street.
H KAFFEE---Dry Goods and Groceries, Front
* street.
. LITCHTENSTEIN-General assortment
D Dry Goods and Groceries. Front street .
tARRIS JAFF.---Dry Goods and Greceries,
I Front street.
P IERC CY.. Surveyor. St. Denis street.
H SIMON-Dry Goods and Groceries, Wash
*i ington Street.
I NELKIN-Dry Goods and Groceries, Jether
Sson, street.
I JACtIBS-D)ry Goods and Groceries, belo w
* the Dirt bridge, Jefferson Street.
JOIIN RUSCA-D)rv Goods and Groceries,
b low the Dirt bridge. .etferson Street.
JNO.,GENOE & CO--Dry Goods and Groceries,
Washington street.
TAS. ('ENIUS--Dry Goods and Grocerias,cer
nor Jelfferson and Amulet Streets.
J WV. SUDDA.\TI-The 'hoenix--Choice ILi
e quors and Cigars, St. Denis Street.
JAS. 1M. B. TUCKER--Attorney at Law St.
Denis Street.
TAR. KING ...Watchmaker and Jeweler, St.
Dents street.
J DUNCKLEMAN---.harness and Saddlety,
Washington street.
J C. TRICHEL-Gcuneral Merchandize,Wash
" ington street.
J DUCASSE-General Assortment of Mor.
* chanllize, Washington street.
J . STEPI[E VS -Liother Yard. intersection
Front, Lafayette and Washington streets.
J. J. cC0OOK & BRO.-General Wholesale
and Retail Denler and wile Agent for Wag
ons, Washington street.
J A. DUCOUIRNAIU-Fancy aAndStaple Dry
" Goods, Boots, Shoes, Hats and Clothing.
Front street
JAMES T. SPROWL - House, sign, and or
namentsl painter, Front St., corner Touline.
L CARTEL-The G'm TBar Room, choice
Wines, Liquors and Cigars, Front street.
LEVY& PillLLIPS-Full stock',ancy and
Staple Dry Goods and Groceries,Front st.
L. DUPLEIX...Land Age-t, St. Deals street.
MORSE & DRANGUET...Attorneys at Law,
id street, corner Trndan,
M. H. CARVER-Dry Goods, Groceries and!
General Merchandize, Front street.
O SHAFFRATII-Boot and Shoe Maker,
o t. Denis Street,
O CAPMARTIN--Goneral assortment of
* Goods of all kinds, Jefferson st-eet.
p KULEMAN - Untlertaker, Washington
* Street.
p.POETE..Baker, Jefferson etreet.
DETITJEAN RBLUDWORTH & CO--Wood
work ant Blacksnmithing, Corner 3d and
Sibley 8ts.
P. VEULEAAN---Famlly ,and Plantation
Groceriae, Washington street.
R. . CALVES-.Dentist, Jefferson 'street.
R. . BURKE-Cbeap Family and Western
SGrocery Dealer, Front street.
R P. HU PISON-Livery, Sale and Feed Stable,
*k S. rnt Street.
. NELKINS- Dry Goods and Groceries, Jeff
*. erson Street, below Dirt bridge.
P .WINBARG-General Merchandise, Plan
tation and Family Supplies, Front Stree,
P PONS-Dry Goods and Greeodes, Wash
SI~agton street,
Dragget and Apothecary,Front
T XA.LL4L)Br.ok's Brilliant Stnore and
* -.laware, \Washingtou Street.
4r fUWZ --B1ilUard Room and Bar, Front
T 'co(MAN-Wholesale and Retail Mer
-' Slbt-general assortmpent for the trade
ttt street.
i JACK...ttorney at Law, 2d d street,,
oat Shoe Maker, St. Den.s
W P hyacal and Sargeon,
Professional Cards.
14&W4*I7tZ4T LAM
4 juts uJ~, 3W OGL LuqS, LA.
Me J3ae and December terms
w art. at his old home
(meoeesar to JACt & Pzasse)
A nttorte m4 lwuwnlor t Lat2
NA'1r'ROGCES, LA.
ILL praeee the Courts of Natchitodhes,
Smriae, Depoe, 8.4 River, Winn, Rapidee,
petiee la the Parish and Distriet
ert s of Natchtoches and Red River
i-rt of Loaneiana, United States Die.
Meail Court of Louisiana and U. S.
I n the Lacotet Building (Up
S NATC HITOCHE8, LA.
lcqr
JO.NH B. ROIERTNSOF'
(Late of New Orleans,)
ATTORNEY & COIJNELOR AT LAW
(CO 1SHATTA,
RED RIFER P.kI'.ISH, LOUISI.INA.
Will practice in Coushatta, Natchito
ches, Mansfield, Many, and in every part
of North.-west Louisiana. Special atten
tion given to Land cases and Successions.
June 9th, 1877-tf.
SH. CUNNINGHAM.
lttornt, % tounsellor at latr,
St. Denis Street,
N atehitoehes, : : : : La.
W ILL give prompt and persoual at
tention to all business entrusted to
his care
Practices in the District and Parish
Courts in the Parishes of Natchitoches,
Red River, )ceSoto and Sabine, and before
the Supreme Court at Monroe and New
Orleans. Jan 5 '78-y.
DJ.AOl. C. SCRIIOLORO UGH,
ATTORNEY IN FACT.
`WJ ILL practice in the District and
SParish Courts of Natchitoches,
Winn. Sabine and Grant.
All business intrusted to his care will
receive prompt attention.
Otlice with W. II. Jack Esq., Second
Street, Corner Trudeaux, Natchitoches,
La. Dec. s-l y.
ORS. POWYELL & GALLION,
HAVE ASSOCIATED THIEMSELVES IN
THE PRACTICE OF MEDICINE
ANI) SURGERY.
OFFICE ON
St. Denis Street, :: Natchitoches, La.
S.Ian 5 '78-3m
1M. A. Du.nn,
Physician and Surgeon
Montgomery, La.
Business Cards.
C. A. BULLARD. N. II. CAMPBELL
Bullard & Campbell, I
-DEALERSI IN
DRY GOODS, Iti
GROCERIES,
HARDWARE, En
And General Merchandise. iti
Corner FItONT & LAFAYETTE Street, Sa
iatchitoches, La.
TIGIHEST cash price paid for cotton and
I country produlce in cash or merchandise.
111rrh -Ily.
Ti
Peter VTTuleman, i
dil
-DEALER IN- se
sti
FAMIL Y GROCERIES P'
A full assortment of WV.L.l-P.t\rR con
stantly on hand. ha
SSne~al inducements to Cash Customers. et
tiz
i WASIINGTON STREET, in
Natchitoches, La. P
. March 25-ly.
- J. C0. Triohel,
l !--DEALER IN
, DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD
SWARE, BOOTS and SHOES, HATS,
ETC.
n Highest cashl price paid for Cotton and
Country Produce.
WASHINGTON, ST.,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
IL t. E. BI3THZE
S--dealer in
FIaoNT STREET, Natchkitoches, La.
n
0, C. L. WALMSLKY. 3. M, WALMBLET
C. L. WALMSLEY,0 CO,
COTTON FACTORSJ
--n AND
h. GENERAL COMMISSION EIBCIIANTS.
t Perdido St., New Orleans, La.
March S5-ly.
- Osoar CMhopl
COTTON FACTOR
r -AND-
COMMISSION MERCHANT,
No. 65 CARONDELET ST.,
as July 1 -Iv New Orleans.
.n,
I. D. WORRALL,
WITH
, SIMMONS' HARDWARE CO,,
-IMPORTERS OF-- p
,a. JrIRDFWJRE kCOf TER r
s 8ST. LOUIS, MO.
no ,July 14-8m.
T. S. FOSTER JR.,
WITH
ORR & LINDSEY,
*S -MANUFACTURES AND JOBBERS
* BOOTS and SOOES
ST. LOUIS, MO,
July 16m.
JOlN L TUCKER,
Magistrate Ward 1.
St. Deni 8treet, : : Natchitoches, La
PROMPT attention given to all business
entrusted to his care.
A Claims collected at small cost
Refers to the Bar Generally.
_T... K "f 1.
rUTT'S PILLS
A Noted Divine says
They are worth their
weight in gold.
READ WHAT HE SAYS:
DR. Turr:-Dear Sir: For ten years I have been
a martyr to Dyspepsia, Constipation, and Piles. Last
spring your pills were recommended to me I used
them (but with little faith). I am now a well man,
have good appetite, digestion perfect, regular stools,
piles gone, and I have gained forty pounds soliddesh.
They are worth their weight ingold.
RV. R. L. SIMPSON auistville, Ky.
TUTT'S PILLS
CUBE BICK EAD
" TUTT'S PILLS
CUBB DYBPSTSIA.
TUTT'S PILLS
CURE CONSTIPATION
TUTT'S PILLS
t, TUTT'S PILLS
Hr CUR PlSNK AND
AGUN.
11
TUTVS PILLS
CURE BILIOUS COLIC
TUTT'S PILLS
CURE KIDNET COM
PLAINT.
N TUTT'S PILLS
CURE TORPID LIVIR
Dr. Tutt has been en
gaged in the practice of
medicine thirty years, and
for along timewasdemon.
strator of anatomy in the
Medical College of Geor
gia, hence persons using
his Pills have the guaran
tee that they are prepared
on scientific principles
and are free from al
quackery.
He has sncceeded in
combining in them the
heretofore antagonistic
qualities of a strig hs.
r g,vpurgatiad ajur.
if vig mic.
Their first apparent ef
fect is to increase the ap
petite bycausing the food
to properly assimilate.
Thus the system is nour
ished, and by their tonic
action on the digestive or
gans, regular and healthy
evacuations are produced.
The rapidity with which
ersos take oa flesh,
while under the influence
of these pills, of itself in
dicates their adaptability
to nourish the body, and
hence their eficac in cur
ing nervous debility, mel.
ancholy dyspepsis, wast
ing of the mugcles, slug
gishness of the liver
chronic constipation, and I
imparting health and stren hothe sysem. Sd
everywhere. Office, 35 Murray Street, New York.
TRIUMPH OF SCIBNCEI
Gray Hair can be chnge to a
ployblack by a single ¶ ppication of
Dr.'LbrsHurDyre.t ctlie mgic ,
and is warranted as harmless as water.
Priceao. Office 35 Murray St., N.Y.
WHAT IS QUEEN'S DELIGHT
Read the Answer
It Is a plant that grows in the South, and is spe
cially adapted to the cure of diseases of that climate.
It is
NATURE'S OWN REMEDY,
Entering at once into the blood, expelling all scrom .
ulous, syphilitic, and rhetuatic ..fections. Alone,
it it a searching alterative, but when combined with
Sarsaparilla, Yellow Dock, and other herbs, it forms
Dr. Tutt's Sarsaparilla
and Queen's Delight,
The most powerful blood purifier known to medical
science for the cure of old ulcers, diseased joints, foul
discharges from the ears and nostrils, abscesses, skin
diseases, dropsy, kidney complaints evil effects of
secret practices, disordered livetand spleen. Its use
strengthens the nervous system, imparts a fair com
plexion, and builds up the bqdy withl
HEALTHY, SOLID FLESH.
As an antidote to syphilitic poison it is strongly
recommended. Hnndreds of cases of the worst type
have been radically cured by it. Being purely veg
etable itscontinued use will do no harm. The best
time to take it is during the summer and fall and
instead of debility, headache, fever and ague, you
will enjoy robust health. Sold by all cuggists.
Price, $z.oo. Office, 35 Murray Street, Newyork.
0. Shafrlath, j
Boot and Shoe Maker. t
CHALLENGES the world for neatness
and durability of work. Satisfacti "' I
in fit and material guaranteed
Shop an St. Denis St.
A. :E. I..ezxee,
NOTARY PUBLIC.
(Office under Vindicator Office,)
ST. DENIS STREET,
NIATCHITOCHE1S, LA.
April 2i.
H. 1NOIIES,
JEWELER, JEWELER, M
AII5l 11MI1
-AND- -AND
OPTICIAN. OPTICIAN.
All kinds of repairing done at the short
est notice, and in the most artistic nman
ner, with full salisfaction guaranteed.
Clocks, Watches and Jewelry for Sale at
the Lowest Rates.
A FULL &z COMPLETE STOCK.
Office and Shop on St. Denis St., corner Second.
Dec. '2-ly.
JAMES C. MOISE,
Portrait Painter, Natchitoches La.
CABINET SIZE:AND PRICES EXCLU
SIVE OF- FRAMES, OVAL OR
SQUARE.
8x10 $15,00. 10x12 $16,00. 12x14 17,50
14x16 $20,00. 16x18 $25,00.
18x20 $30,00. 18x24 35,00.
LIFE SIZE, HEAD AND BUST, OVAL
OR SQUARE.
20x24 $10,00. 22x27 $45,00. 15i30 $50,00
KIT-KAT, SQUARE.
29x36 & 30x36 $80,00, each.
Portraits of deceased persons painted
from photographs.
Dec 15-tf
JOSEPH C KEYSER,
Brickmaker and Layer.
TI PREPARED to do all work entrusted
I to him quickly and in a workmanlike
manner. Tomb, Chimneys, Cisterns and
other work solicited.
Orders left at BULLARD & CAMP.
BELL'S will be promptly attended to.
Jan. 27, ly.
Beverly Tuoker,
General Collector.
0? All Accounts promptly collected.
OUR WASHINGTON LETTER. In
Sto
W.tsrulrstrox. D. C., Dec. 2D, 1S77.
It is odd that all comment on Mr.
Win. E. Chandler's political letter of
the other day is unfavorable. It
seems to be a document disagreeable
equally to Denmocrats and Republic
ans. Some of the "leading" papers
abuse Chandeler, some say the letter
is weak, someic that it is only a repe
tition of what others have said, soume
that it is able but malicious. But all Vt
of thei say something about it. The il
truth seem to be that it is a very in
strong statement of what evert body I
believes or suspects--that Mr. Hayes
bargained his way into the White it
House. It is not only a strong state
ment, as any from Chandler would
be, but it is convincing. It will in
evitably receive a great circulation,
and despite what the papets may say,
will be very influential in shaping
Republican party action in the next tl
year. If the radicals needed any- so
thing in organisltg an opposition to i
the admlinistl ation, it was such a
statement as Chandler has made. It
is full of things that will be quoted "
in every New England grocery, work- ti
shop and hotel for a long time to
come. of
But whether the Republican party 1h
goes to pieces on Chandler, or on
more generally known gentlemen,
like Blaine and Conkling and Ilam
lin, who feel as Chandler does but
who do not express themselves so
plainly, is of little consequence--to ajh
certainty is in pieces. The purpose (
of all the leaders is to drive Hayes I
into the democratic party. Unless lie c,
has extraordinary shrewdness he will
soon be without support of any ac
count among Republicans. Hie has
utterly failed to create a new party.
Upon Democrats in Congress, par T
ticularly those in the Senate, falls a
great responsibility in dealing with
circumstances as they exist. The ft
plain and honest way would seem to r;
be to let IMr. Hayes settle his own a
quarrels, but some Democrats yhow a
disposition to take sides. It is not I
our quarrel. Whether Hayes kill 1
Coukling and* Blaine, or they kill c
him, either way works to our advan
tage.
The forthcoming debt statement, it t
is announced, will show an increase t
instead of the usual reduction, for v
the month of December. For Secre- I
tary Sherman to show a reduction 1
larger than his predecessors had done
has been no uncommon thing. His
confession that he cannot show any f
reduction is signiticant. I do not
know what reasons will be assigned,
beyond the one given in the Associ
ated Press dispatches, that payments
to the army have been unusually large a
for the month past. But the Secre
tary's monthly statements are not re
liable. I am not prepared to say 1
there has been iio, real decrease of the
debt since March, when he took
charge of the Treasury, but well in
formed men are saying it daily. He
is not reporting the coi rect amount I
of the debt. I look with much in
terest for the action of Senator Davis's
special committee, which is empow
ered to inquire into Ithe whole sub
ject.
Lately, when it was suggested that
the income tax might be revived,
there was a general expression of op
position by the press. It appears
now, however, that thie subject has
alheady been talked over in a quiet
way among Congressmen, and that
the imposition of the tax is not un
likely. In theory this is the most
equitable mnode of taxation possible.
In practice it was found not to be a
success. The amount realized from
) it was insignificant, and the perjury
which was necessary to keep the
amount so small was amazing. If
thie tax is to be restored, it should
be with added safeguards against any
evasions of payment ot wlhat is ac
tually due. In other countries
Great Britain, for instance-an in
come tax has long been one of the
means of raisiiing revenue, and not the
r, least popular one.
ALBION.
"Flopping" His Wings.
[Shreveport Times.)
The glorious victory won by the
Democratic Conservative party in
Caddo yesterday justifies us in bring
ing into requisition the old Democrat
ic chanticleer, whose clarion notes
first sounded clear and loud through
out the land, in "the earlier and bet
ter days of the Republic."
This election is but a forerunner of
what is to come. The power of the
party which has wrought such woe to
the State of Louisiana is completely
shattered. Caddo has a clear major
ity of colored votes of at least 2,000,
and yet Mr. Wise, we assume from
the light now before us, will have a
majority of 300. This proves beyond
a peradventure that the colored voters
have at length cast off the shackles
which their party leaders threw
around them and have come to see
where their true interest lies.
And this victory was gained quietly
and fairly. Not a single effort was
made to intimidate a colored voter in
this city, but on the contrary, every
opportunity offered to vote for which
ever candidate they preferred.
We believe our friends throughout
the state will rejoice with us over
this redemption of our parish from
Radicalism. The dawn for which we
have been waiting and watching has
come and ushers in a day bright with
promise for the future.
Understands Hls Duty.
[Morehonse Clarion.]
Mr. Bridges, representative of (ald
well parish, is certainly in earnest.
We noticed in the last issue of the
Herald a card, over his signature, as
kingi the people of his parish to
meet at the court house in Columbia
on the 29th, that he might talk to
them and obtain their views regard.
ing the propriety andwisdom of call -
log constitntit nll COD 1'CI)tion, aiidl
to discuss othier Imaltters tlhat ImIayI
coma before tlhe niext Legisattiurc .
edlit
War Notes. AntI
War With Russia Considered Inevitable
It is announeed that Russia positively
refuses the rtoltitredl English lliidiafiln,
alld has ad:vised 'Ii'rkey to nlegotiate fir
an armiistice with tlhe lRussian militat ryi
eolmlimandersl, 'Prin'e Grtschllakofs ne, tola,
in allswter to that of lord Ihacaiostihl, is
now on tlhe way to London, and a ('bi- Mu
net council has been called for W\cdnes- j
tlay.
Lontlon.-Intense xceitcnent here. and are
it is believed Ithat war with Russia is in - 1111
evitable, in order to protect British inter
ests in the East. i e
for ,
Turkey Must Submit Unless England
Comes to the Rescue. T
Thle report that the Czar had reflsced he
t the protlretd mediation of England can- of r
- ses great. consternation, andl the general d.
i unpression is that unless England coles I111
immedliately to the rescne there is no al- All
t I ternative It it ;) accept . ulssia's advice tall
and treat with the military ecnuinmande's .1:1
for ani armlistice, as T''rkey is ills i no codi- -.1
tioi to continuethle War. *joil
There is a growing scarcity of supplies to I
of all ki"(ds, and brh:ad riots ares alpple
headed.
Turkey Asiks for an Armistice. wIi
A dispatch fromi Constantinople says it ls
t is rumlored that the l'Turks have hurne thu
and evacuted Sotla. lwel
" Turkey's conditions for an armistice 'e
iI have )een forwarded to the R11ssiai' head- ter:
e quarters, an ti.he Russian ctelnnm dersl of
s hay, been instructed to receive any ofli - ocr
e cer for a truce.. sil
I Midhat's Mission to England. a)u
Midlhat J'asha will start immediately
for Londlon on an important mlission.
The Russians A!,pear in Force on the
a Sofia Plains. stri
I A Constantinople dispatch says a large the
e force of Rnssians, includi ng 12,0(10 eaval- Ililt
o ry, have appeared on thei Slia pilain, and ant
n are threatening the line of tailway. ber
a The Times' Vienna dispatch says the
it Russians have achieved a rare teat of th
11 perse'veranee and endulranlce in crossing bill
II the Etropol Balkans, and thiough they to I
calnnot he very Inullerolls1 and11 the whole t
movement seems to savor rather of a bold t
adventutrous raid like Gen Gourkos' over l
it the Banko l'Pass than over a reular" mili- th
e tary operation, it cannot but hasten the Ot
r withdrawal of Turkish troops from the fie
s. Balkan line, at any rate fronmthe western iln
portion. Suleiman Pasha seems to have cat
e forsmen this when he took his headquar
ters at Ichtimru aund to hiave thought
that a stand made at the, rallying point
formcd by a junction of Rhodope and the
)t second Blalkan chain might effectually trh
1, bar all advances froml the direction of '
i- Sophia. There is, however, a succession tll
tsof plarallel valleys tirined by the Guysos ve
,e and the Tundja which run to the northot tltl
h. Ictimntn by which the Rusinian columns kn
descending fromi the Etropal Balkans may Ic
press eastward and, uniting with the for- the
ces traversing thie SChipka Pass, turn the al
o position of Iehtmian a1d1 march down up hi:
k Adriainople. The'only question, there- Ci
1- fore, is whether the Turks are strong o
[e enough to bar the descent froln Schipka de
nt Pass and hold Ichtimau with the deliles tir
. of the Topolica and the Giaupso at the rel
same time. If not they must retreat still wI
furithr to the e st. an
,. A correspondent of the Times says the th
Russian government appears to be throw- te:
ing out feelers pointing to the demolition til
of Turkey s Danubian fortresses is one of en
d the conditions of peace. The Times' Bel- ly,
P' grade dispatch says the insurrection in nme
rs Bosnia is reported to be reviving and l(
as gaining ground.
et Bogot, Jan. 3.-Geon. Gourko foneht a na
it severe battle on the 31st December at esi
n Tashezon. Before securing the Turkish wi
entrenchlments the Russians lost 700 kill- ar
Sed and woullded. The Turks retreated at di
Sniight fall towards Sofla plursued by cav- ly
Salry. After a halt tor rest andl re-organi- ni
m zation Gen. Gourko resumed his advance re
y on Sofia. an
SEngland. ki
(l The Post publishes a paragraph in offi- to
cial form to the effect that thile cabinet ed
' yesterday by nlo mieans assumed that flus
C- sia's answer shut the door to overtures.
- The paragraph points out that England P
u- w'hen communicating thIe Russian answer Iy
he to the Porte will be expected to acconlm- i
be pany it with advice. Therefore it will be
very natural if England, before taking bl
this step inquires what conditions the
Russian coonnanders have been instruct- a
Sed o demand. Ily approaching Russia
again England would be giving proof of e
her earnest desire to slpare Europe fur- I
ther ('anger. Another cabinet council is
he announced forlto-day. t
in WASHINGTON. c
-g- ot
at- The First Silver Wedding in the ti
ts White House.
- Washington, Dec. 31.-In the Execu
ettiue Mansion to-night was celbrated for
the first time in its history a sliver wed- re
of ding. President Hayes anti Mrs Hayes 1
wle I-ere the happy couple, and in the midst P
to of about one hunndred near and dear
ely fliends, celebrated the twenty-fith anni. f
ar- versary of their nuptials. The entertain* '
ment of the occasion was quiet, social X
and family-like.
U The President and Mrs. Hayes had re
a quested that no piresents should he malde
ndby their friends; but nevertheless a few
ems nementoes of friendship and taffection
le8 foiud their way into the White House,
ew noticeable among which is a silver log
ee cabin, presented by a former officer of t
the Twenty-third Ohio Voluntecrs, the
tl President's regiment during the late war.
In the evening tile Imlllnsion was bril
'lln 1 tly illuminated, and the East Rooan c
In and other parlors were fragrant with
ry choice exotics.
icll At 10 o'clock the wedding dinner was I1
partaken of in the State dining room, and
e at a comparatively early hour the guests t
ver withdrew, after expressiung nmanny hearty
wishes for the future hap iness of the
o President and his estimable lady. I
S The New Orleans Mint.
i The Director of the Mint estimates that
the imiints rnning with full force andd
sutnicient appropriations can coin, in ad
dition to gold coin and the necessary
fractional currency, about $3,000,000 per
month, $5U0,000 of which would be trade
dollars to supply the China trade, leav
ing $2,500,000 to supply the demand for
est. home consumption. This the director
the considers to be the utmost capacity of the
as lmints as at plresent organized. He says
to there will be no delay in commencing the
bia coinage of the silver dollar, in ease the
to silver bill becomes a law. He also saysI
that with authority to operate the New
rd- Orleans Mint, the capacity would be in
l- creased at least $500,000 in silvcr per
mont h. I4 I hii5 i.that witih a outlay \
lf'tru. 87. 5 ,(1,lI to .llhl,(llO the N) w OrI- 1M"
hlIln. i Millit 'llS h t pll ill cl lnplhte work- i
Inr; o11H;. lsi.dts hl.ing a ,reat h,:lp
f:n hII:,, bh .sints.., fhlt rolani1n, of the
m int ;It Ntvw (h 'h:1)n . would gr ,atly th- i
'ilitath tomdI with South a11 ('entral
America andl Mexi o. ('I
The Il'Proposl' ed Ne-w T'erritory.
Mess~s. I6..illdh,, aluhhlit a1 d iRI\'o:., oli
.the Il ans; ('o:,n tin i e on 'i'T ,rritori..s have1
tahli.tthm nt 40' ( 1h4 T.rritory of (I'l. incoln.
which is tl ctI ,., i m-.d , tl'i . tilons of the
'l'Trritorirt 1)t' y1mining, Shiania and
Mlltall. mall t ilh Cipital olf which is to A
Slh dewcood1. 'T'hi  41h "nutlnitte, heardI '
S::rgunt'Ils this morning by Ju.l e ,, 1 cl1.1y'
and .Itlc \\'1llitl' hel l, of ,l);kou :i, in tG
V'r of the relaloil of! le 'TlTritorty. No
reportl of tle mllatler is likely to be male
for some time. n
I "It
Appointmnent. tll
of rteltell tali\lvs, Vice .Jewell, dischiarrg-11
1lld. The forllr was a I'aion soldier; tilt
sit
. latter a ('ontfdr.late. 'T'hus does eltrk
- Alantls neutralize til th- e tll etl of ICEmo ii Sir
' tlly d'rk Frenllh, of New pillillhire to o
S mal, way for a tnou thrn ,eral. [Note h,
- -Jewell is a wcll-kinown New O('rle:uns
joltllualist. T'e Soulthr1n gE-eerail aillnlded
st.
S to is A.lerlt Lu iiti, of Sdaillilh.i l
Senator Patterson. th
R','l'tor lai 'terson's  ol. ditioll is Soml - ref
Wlha:t iimpilroved exxeptiig his hial. In lh l
t IlasS.d l ic.tless niglht 1 II is sleepillg ll
Sthiis tIVenlilg. Mrs. iPattlerson is lIlt So
well to-day.
S Thei Star says on (li t that Selatorl Pat- te
teirso colllntlttl-li lat resiginlg lill account
of ill heatillh. If this he truie, 1a1d 1 I )ein
oclra sll('C'edls himilI, whllichl is ofelolrsellc
solutely cerltlinl, the senate will be "1il11'W
a.1:) al,"'' p li eally. o
Tariff. o
Mr. \Wooll, Chairman of the Ways and tII
M':alis C{onlllittee, is b1y prepairing his p
relporl, 11141 lihas completed thlie generall
stihltleirc of his taliit bill. The planl of
e tilhe hill will le a imoderiate reducitiltion olf i
. uties o1l h'dinlg ar tiies of COnslllumiptilol t
d aint1 :larg retllictiol of the lresenlt liuln
bcr of t(1111able arti icles.
Mr. Wood says tllhat ill lifteell yealrs ,I
f there have been 119l tarift' andt revonlle t
bills. H;e proposes to rLedulce thle iilllltbel i
oft dutialle lutichs from Q162 to 4hIt0, anlld
to have only onel1 rate of duly onl each art-- c
htioe. \-cry article nlot spiecllied as lia- 01
ble to dty is to be admnitted flee, and tl
there is to e no enumelllrationll of free list.
On every article the dulty will be speci
tied whl'ere it is lracticalle. and veloren I
Sdunties will be implllosd Olly where they St
canunot be avoided; the present expenses
are seveni and a half millions, which Mr.
Wood thinks can be largely reduced.
it 4Assasination. of
1t Fartmville, Va. Dec. 27.--A shocking ti
y tragedy occElrred here to-day. Col. Wm. tl
of Randolph Berkely, an enminent lawyer of in
L this phice, was seated in his office, con- c
's versilng with hMr. Alfred Moth, cashlier of
of the Euglish and Anerican Bank, when a
knock was heard at the door, and Col.
1 Illerkel got up to answerit. On opening d
'- the dootr ai shot \11as fired firoml without,
Sandll tihe Colonel fell back with a ball i1) S
P his temple. Iiniedciately afterwards b
S lCapt. Williani H. Kenllll dy elntired the
C W office, and steppling behind Col. Berkeley's
" desk, placed a pistol to his own head aind
fired. Mr. Moth says all he heard was Ia
Ie remnark of Capt. Kenllledy as he first ired
ill which intimated that lie haid some greiv
ance against the Colonel. It is stated
ae that Kennedy made three previous at- 8
I- tempts on his own life, and for a long a
an time has been in a mnoody and despond- a
of ent condition. Col. Berkely (lied instantt- i
l- ly. He leaves a large family. He was a
in member of the law firm of Berkely & p
Bd lerkely, of Richmond.
Richmond, Va.. Dec ?f.-Tho assassi
a nation of Col. iBerkely created thile wild
at est excitement here, and tihe clibh-houses
sh where he was popular and well known a
- are crowderdl with his triends, who are li
at discussing the terrible atffair. Col.Berke
V- ly wals to have given a grand party to- a
i- niight, andi many society peolre had al- 1
ce ready gone firolu lRiclmontd, Petersbutg
and other cities to attend it.
Tie cause of thile assassination is nu
knowtn. Kennedy belonged to a high.ll
Stoned fuinily, too, anti was miuch esteelt- i
et dl in social circles.
Late to-day a coroner's jnry was im.
n panuelled to hold alt illquest over Berkec
.i ly, but adjourned until to-morrow morn
- ilig. An inquest will also be held over
be Kennedy to morrow,
The excitemenlt In Farmvil!e is terri
Sble, and all 1 butsiness was suspendedl this
ot- afternoon. The motive of the assassin is
Sstill a matter of conjecture. It is report.
of edthat the trouble grew out of a lawsuit
r Inut many are inclited to think the cause
is was of a different and more serious ni,.
turc. Berkely is a descentdanut of Lord
Berkely of colonial fname, and at the grand
coloniail balll held in this city, in Jtantary
of last year, he figured largely, persona
he ting his illustrious airc.
Frontier Xews.
for The following dispatch frolnmCol. Hatch
ed- receivedl at tihe war departmenlt, was for
yes I-arded thlrough Generals Sheridan and
dst Pope :
car El Paso, Dec. 31.-Have just returned
til fromn towns below here I findl all quiet.
in* Peace intld confidence are being restoredl.
tll Many of those 'who tled in fear of the
rangers are retutrning home.
re- [SignedJ] H.ti-C.
CAPITOL NOTES. c
The VINDICATOR will contain a
terse epitomy of news in the Capitol
during the session of the Legislaturoe:
Senator J. W. Srndiford is in the
city.
The new desks were placed in the
hall of the House.
The Senate chamber is beginning
to wear a business like air again.
Mr. Samuel Flowers has been ap.
pointed private secretary to Gov.
Nicholls.
Dr. Choppin, President of the
I Bonrd of Health, has so far recovered
that lie is able to attend to his oflicial
f duties once more,
r The treasury is fairly besieged.
Tlhat $60,000 surplus general fund for
r 1877 rather took the outsiders by
r surprise, and those that had "77"
e warrants marched up auld got their
8 cash.
Appointments of Parish School Di
rectors-Avovells, Julian Goudean,
v vice J. L. Generes, resigned , Feli
- cian Goudean, (c.) vice Julian Smith,
r resigned. Caldwell, Dr. John E.
\W'ighlt, vice Rev. J. S. D)avis, eslign
ed. (Grant, I)r. Win. G. Heal, vice A.
IL. Grtow, resigned. West Carroll,
''lhos. II. Foote, vice E. F. Newman,
resigned. St. Tammany, Win. llren
;aI, vice A. J. Mloreni , resignedl
('lai torne, 'I. J. ledbetter, vice J.
\VW. Nicholson, resigned.
Lafourehe, Win. ]lunter, Sr., jus
tico of the peace. llheria, Ilenry
I (son, parish surveyor.
'aekards ('olleetorslhip C('hances.
And the Prospeels of Ils Being Scr
geant-at-Armis of the United States
Senate.
N. 0. 1)cemocrat.
The l)emocrat's dispatches having
mtentioned that Packard would be
either the Collector of the Port or
the Sergeant-at-Arms of the United
States Senate, a representative of this
paper called upon Mr. Packard at his
residence to learn what he had to
say abol t his chances for either po
sition. To the inquiry as to whether
or not he was satisfied that the Pre
sident
WOULI) SEN Ills N.\ME IN
as Collector of the Port, Mr. Packard
stated that he was "not so sure of
that," although from the tenor of his
replies to the questions pitt, it is al
most certain that lie has information
from some source that such will be
the President's course.
The enate Sergeant-atatArmns mat
ter, he said. 11e knew nothing of
whatever; that it had been mention
ed only since he left W\ashington. lie
would not state whether he would
accept that position or not, but some
of his friends, who claim to know,
say that lie will not. They say fur
1 tiher that if nominated as Collector,
Packard
WILl, E (CONXIIRM ElD
f iwithout the slightest difficulty. It is
I urged by some of his intimate friends
and aldmirers that lie is the only Re
s publican in the State who could hold
together the fragment of the Repub
.lican party in the State, and that
1 with any but a straight out Republi
can like Packard at the head of the
only Federal patronage giving insti
1 tution in the State, the party at the
next election would be in a worse
plight than it is now, or has been
since the 24th of April last.
Judicial Sales.
We respectfully call the attention
of the various constables throughout
g the parish to the annexed sections of
the printing law of the State of Louis
f iauna. It will be seen that all judi
i- cial sales must be advertised in the
'f parish paper. It will perhaps save
a much trouble if constables would heed
this law. We hear of several sales ad
t vertised by posting written notices.
n Such advertisement will not do. It is
is but just to the parties concerned that
ie extensive natice be given of the sale of
5 property, so that as large a price as
d possible may be received. Read the
a law and act in accordance therewith:
S:EC. 1. Be it further enacted, etc.,
6d That in all parishes of the State out
s. side of the parish of Orleans, where
ig advertisements are required to be
I- made in relation to judicial proceed
t- ings, or in the sale of property tinder
a judicial process, or in any other legal
proceeding of whatsoever kind, they
shall be published in an English
newspaper printedI in the parish in
Swhich the proceedings are carried on;
n and if there be no newspaper pub
re lished in the patish, tLe advertise
e- nents shall be miade by iposting them
o- at or near the front door of tile court
- house, or the place used as snIch, atln
W at two otlher public plihccs in different
i parts of the parish; jl'roddced, that as
I. regards judicial and legal advertise
. mients under publication when this
act becomes operative, the previous
. sections of this act shall not affect
Sthe same, butt it shall be legal to con
I- tinne the advetl:isements in thle pa
er per in which they are being published
or in any othler daily newspaper
i- published in English in said parish
it for the balance of the time during
Swhich such advertisement should res
it pectively have to be conltinued to
e complete the same according to law.
n, SEC. 17. Be it further enacted, etc.,
rd That whlere there are two or muore
id newspapers published in the parish,
ry the defendant or party invested by
a- law with the direction of the proceed
ings shall have the right of selecting
the newspaper in which the adver
tisement is to be made, if alpplied for
rl within throe days after nutice ol such
nd proeecdings, or the seiztre made nn
der the process; should the defendant
Ied irtglect to select, the pliutitf shall
et. lhave thie right to do so ; and, shonuld
cd. neither plaintiff nor defendant seloct,
ho nor the party invested by law with
the direction of the proceedingsR , the
sheriff, constable, clerk or other of
ficert clharged by law with the pro
ceedings, shall select.
A Firm Grip on the Hoe-handle.
" [Courior-Journal.]
Put a sabre into the hands of the
colored citizen, and mount him, boot
ed and sparred, upon a neighing
steed thus converting him from an
humble Iewer of wood and drawer of
water into a fiery son of Mars, and he
fights nobly ; but as a soldier he is
too expensive. Gen. Mason testifies
before the House Military Committee
that it costsone-third more to main
tain acolored than a white regiment
of cavalry. And it all comes from
the colored soldier's c:lrelessness and
wastefulness-his carefully cultivated
disinclination to taks care of things.
Gen. Mason says, too, that the col
r ored troops "give themselves up to
every form of vice," and that "the
, licentiousness of these troops, kept in
a forced state of idleness, is some
r thing horrible." And, then, the In
dians complain that their wool is soI
- infamously short that they can'6 be
scalped with anything like decent
facility. Upon the whole, it would
seem that the colored troop4 hIld bet
ter be remanded to thel.cottoL-patchu