_ý __h I_ _ Sy
TERMS, $2 Per Annum. THE WELFARE OF THE PEOPLE IS THE SUPREME LAW. SIN(IE COPY, 5 Cents.
OL. II. NATC.HITOCHES, LOUI.I.ANA, APRIL 8. 1876. NO. 30.
}i)l ?][.NTCH1I~rOOC];:]S, I,OU?[S:fA.NP, FiJRIL~ 8. 1876. NO0.30.
3MAIL.rS.
ARRIVALs AND D1)EPARTURES.
NEW ORLEANS, Red River Landing,
Siinmnsport, More:anvile, Cotton
Point, Evergreen,. ('hneyville Kanmo
nie, Wellswmood, Alexandria, Cotile
anid Clontierville, Arrive and de
part Monday, Wednesday and Friday,
at 4 A. M.
SHREVEPORT, Spring Ridge, Keachie,
Maanstield, Sunny-South, Pleasa:nt
lIill and Marthaville. Arrive Tues
day, Thurday and Saturday. Depart
Monday, Wednesday and Fri day, at
8 A. M.
SAN AUGUSTINE, Milam, Sabinetown.
Pendleton, Many, and Fort Jessup.
Arrive Tuesday anld Saturday. I)e-
lart Monday and Thursday, at 7 A.
MINDEN,T Bnekborn, Ringgold, Iver
6ýýt1. n itl,lattt:: a elI rc:ý'" ". tl.gri.e
Tuesdaly anti Freday. Depart Wed
nesday and Saturday at 6. A. M.
WINFIEL)D, Atlanta, Montgomery, and
St. Mau:rice Arrive Wedtwsdny t and
Saturday. Dep Irt Monday and Thurs
day at 6 A. M.
ALL MAILS CLOSE AT C A. 31.
Office lours-from S A. M. to 2 P. M.
and from :I3 P t to 7 P M.
J. F. DaEVAna.a, Post Master.
Professional Cards.
-------- ----I
W. I. JACK. D. PIERSON
3Jao3l. dt Pierson.
Attorneys and Counselors at Law
NATCIIITOCHES, LA.
WILL practice in the Corts of Natch itches.
SAbine., I)eSoto. RIed River, Win., Rapides,
and Grant, and in the Supreme Court of the
State. ClIimusn promptly attended to.
March .5- Iv.
P. A. MORSE. C. F. DRA)NGUET.
MORSE & DRANGUET,
Attorneys at Latw.
Otlice on Second Street,
March 25--. Nalchitoclhes, La.
M. J. Cunningham. T. P. Chaplin.
J. H. Cunningham.
Cunningham, Chaplin &
Cunningham.
Attorneys and Counselors at Law.
St. Denis St., Natchitoches, La.
lhILL practice in the courts ot Rap
Vi ides, Grant, Wiun, Sabine, DcSoto,
Red River and Natchitoches, and the
S8premuo Court of the State.
Clains promptly attenaded to in any;,
part of the Union. Mamrch 25--1
Business Cards.
C. A. BULLARD. N. . CAMPBELL
Bullard & Campbell, -
-1)EALIUO4 IN
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
- IIARDWARE,.
And General Merchandise.
Corner FRONT & LAFAY ETTE Street,
Natclhikel es, La. ki
HIGlfEST cash price paid for cottor and
conultry proHlace in cash or nlcrchanldise.
March 25 -ly.
WiT.11i Iolmes, I
FRONT STREET,
Natchitoches, La.
-DEALER IN
DRY GOODS, Groceries,
Hardware,
Crockery,
IIats,
Caps,
Boots,
Shoes and Notions.
Special indneements offered to Cash
aurchasers. Cotton and country pro
'duee, both at highest Cash rates.
March 23-1y.
9, C. TICIIEL. 5. T. AIREY
St'riohoe l c Axirey,
(Walmsley's Brick Building,)
. Washington Street, Natchitoches, La.
Wholesale and Retail Dealers in
'Dry Goods, Groceries,
CAPS,
BOOTS,
SHOES,
and General MERCHANDISE
17 Highest price paid for Cotton and
.ter Couatry produce, in Cash or Me 1
ehandtse.
March 25-ly.
Theo. ohnua1r,
-DEALER IN
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES, and
GENERAL MERCHANDISE
Cor. FRONT and ST. DENIS Streets
Natchitoches, La.
March 23-1y.
Peter VeulOme p
-DEALER IN
FAK4l) Y GROCER1IES
A fMll qssorti ent of WALT-P.PEtt cont
atylgy on hand.
8peia1 judugemenet to CAsa Customers.
w4sI w rlptTO STN.EET,
Natchitoches, La.
March 9-1-y.
q, Uhafrafth
Boo't and Shoe Maker.
0I AJIýIG HS the world for neatness
1sod1 dat utd b f work Satisfaction
.+Itud SbA.OShrenls S.
L. H. BURDICK,
Geieral Laud A gent.
II TAINC h1een~ Register of the United
Il States Land ollicc for years, I :ait
preplried to attend proniptly to all hus-n
ine1issr con ctetd with the L.awl Otlice at
Natchitoches, New Orleans and Washing
toti.
CIIA RGE3 M1IO)ErAT T (Inraria- c
blyl in Adrance.) ,(
OFFICE under thie Telegraph OrFIv:e k
NATCHIITOCIIES. LA. L
S .r. ,
C.L. WALMSLEY & 00,
COTTON PACTORS
GENERAL IOilSSIOQN MERCHANTS.
Perdido St., New Orleans, La.
March g'--ly,
Theo. *. E al1e .
pei'or', Tin "in'slibet-ered wrrkor.
-DEALER IN
Stoves, Tinware and House Frurishing
GOO1) S.
Washington St.t........ ,t it h, La
ole L.get fr the Lnrivalled C,
81C -A BRIDLLIANT
Coolsing Stoves.
GuENttrs, Pipes, Metalic rooting ad Tll
kinds if repairing, done with dispatch.
A liberal discount to country trade.
March .5-ly.
D NIEL IPRATT'S
SIMPROVED COTrON GIN.
PRICE REDUCED
To 4 P000z Sa,..
C. L. WALMSLEY, Agent,
March o5 ly N JTCHITOCHES, LA.
HARRY PERCY
PARISH SURVEYOR
-ANRIL
Guteral Land Agent.
A liberILL attend to all scourveysin Nathi
tchparish, also attend to the e
tries of land at Natchitoches, New Or
| leans and Washington, D. C.
RIFERIS WITHE PERMISSION TO
Hon. Win. M. Levy, Natchitoehes, La.
Jack & Pierson, Attorneys at lat,.
L. Dupleix, Register of the Laud Office.
A. E. Lemee, Receiver of the Land Office
Hon. Judge C. Chaplin,
C. L. Wamsley & Co, New Orleans.
All business intrusted to me will he
promptly attendetd to.
t Offie: at the LAND OFFICE,
NATCITOCHIIES, La.
J W, SUDDATTH. JOIY CIIAMIBES.
SUDDATH & CHAMBERS,
Forwarding, Receiving
-AND
Commission Merchants,
GRAND ECORE, LA.
--dealer in
SDRY GOODS. GROcERIES, HARDWARE,
CUTLERY, &c.
And s full and complete stock of gene al
merchandise suited to the waatsof the
country trade.
SConu gment of cotton and merchan
(115 for shipment solicited and prompt
I) attended tO.
Oct. -lt'
1.. C ASP.tI. M. 1IEHTRICII.
Caspari & Dietrich,
tI.arosto l uilding)
FRONT St., NATCIIITOCITES, La.
RAND opening of a NEW MAMMOTH
SPRING and SUMMER STOCK,
direct from the New Orleans and Easter mar
kets, consisting iu!part of
DRY GOODS,
CLOTHlING,
IIATS,
BOOTS, * ,
SHOES,
GROCERIFS,
CROCKERY,
HARD
WARE, &c., &c.
LADIES ANDI) GENTS'
FURNISHING GOODS.
In fact,
A fill line ofGOODTS for the cnolntry trade
All of which they are selling at less than NEW
ORLEANS PRICES
FOR CASHI.
Call and examnino the largest and most com
plete' stock ever brought to this market, and
satislv" yourselvecs as to their prices.
.' lighesa price paid for Cotton and coun
try produce, in cash or merchandise.
March :3--ly.
j. Gr.NETOSE A C0O.,
- Dealers in
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
IIAlDWAIRE, and
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
WASIIINGTr)N STREET.
Natchitoches, La.
March 23-ly.
ITarris Jafta,
Front Street, Natchitoches, La.
-dealer in-
DRY GOODS, IGROCERIES,
HARID)WERE,
AND GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
f Special inducement offered to Cash Cus.
ttllowles. Marc 2i-1 v.
-STEAM
SAW MILL.
(Five Miles from Natchitocles.)
50.000 Feet of Lumber for Sale.
TERMS:
From 5 to 10 Dollars, (according to I
quality) Ier IM. at the Mill.
Delivered in Natchitoches, at $14 I
per M.
Mlach 25.-- y.
HENRY GENIUS,
Worker in Tin, Copper and
SIIEET IRON.
Corner FRONT & TRUDEAU STS., .
NATCIIITOCHES, LA.
Also, constantly on hand all kinds of
HEATING AND COOKING STOVES
of the most improved patterns.
All my stoves sold at city price and
guaranteed to be as represented. Lib
eral advantages offered to the trade.
Also, a fine stock of Tinware, Metallic
Roofing, &c.
Gutters and pipes promptly and care
fully repaired.
HENRY GENIUS,
Corner Front and Trudeau Sts.,
Natchitoches, La.
March 25 1870.--vy.
--AND
.To Jeweler.
Shop on St. DENIS Street
S6 4 (Between 2d and 3rd.)
Watches, Clocks, and Jewelry repaired
at short notice, and in a workmanlike
manner.
Solicits a sham of patronage and guar
antees satisfaction.
Dec 4.-ly.
BUIST'S GARDEN SEEDS.
A FULL snpply just received and for
Ssale by TIRICHEL & AIREY.
. Jan. 1, 1876
Father's Love Story. ed
out
"Tom's asleep," said his sister. stn
The boy had been sitting dreamily vii
gazing into the fire, his hands claspl my
edi behind his head, hut, at the sound has
of her voice, he anlswered, pleasantly, hef
'Not quite, Ida. I was just thinking 'I
if sulch tlings as we rell of in story tha
books ever halppen. (if course I be- toy
lieve that some do ; but I tiean those fell
stories in which a young mall res- e
cues a strange girl from unheard of I h
danger; they fall in love with each at
other on the instant, her father sets shi
him up in business, or makes hint a thit
ipresent .of a few thousand dollars ; au1
they get mnarried, and live happily fee
ever afterwards." cot
All laughed at the picture Tomn
drew, and a certain sly look passing it
between father and mothlr did not mn
Iape tilhe atettion rfi Idii, who dei* ial
ieilhded her favorite book with all her bri
might. ''Of course they do," said an.
she ; "and I am sure almost every thi
one will agree with mel. Dou't you, fi
father I" gh
"I must say, my dear, that I can- lwi
tint contradict you, and if you would ye
like to hear a story I will tell you
how your mother and I became ac
quainited." i
"Oh ! I know well enough how that
was,"' said Tons. "You were intro
duced by some friend at a party, per
halis, and went to see her olnce aii
neek, all regular as chlil, work, un- y
til you were married ; but--" t
"Now, Tou, that's real mean,," co
broke in his sister, "to interrupt
father in that way-go on, pa ; I'll -
keep this young cub froml growling," til
and chll;anging her seat for one near
Tolt's she laid her finger on his lips. tie
"'Well, my dear, nothing could be til
further flrow the reality thaln your
brother's supposition. Very few sto- di
lies that I have read sur1pass this in
point of adventure, ntd certainlly
ntioe have beenII quite as interesting
to tle. It hllapened ill this way :f
You know I formerly traveled a great Iil
deal on tue cars between here and B.
Your grandmnother was living then, fn
and I used to run back and forth
quite often. I never troubled my head "
much lloout the ginis in those days, no
and, although I was in business for y1
myself, cared little about high hats, t
canes or cigars."
An exclamation from Tom showed
that lie was interested at least, and
lecessitated his sister putting ler W
arms around .his neck to prevent a
repetition of the interruption.
''One mniiiug I started, as usatil,
for tlluthoths, Secutlig a good seattin«l
the ears behind a maUe who was busily i
tilulodytdl inl eating lleatnuts, throw
in' thi shells on the floor and spit- ex
tttng o(lt of Ihr el winihlow. I ol,,,d W'I
tluit turiltng .,lLp, aul was soon iu wl
terestedl itt the ac;coullit of an laccident ti
that hatd hajlpetned tlhe day lewoi e. w
lThe article was a lonig one. I had lt
read the palp r thlt onugh, and we hadl
left the city lifteen or twentty miles as
be lhiut usu , wlhen at cry t'oll a lady
l4opposite catused tl e to look out of the I
window. We were about crossing a ht
ro:ad and I saw that a horse attached to
to a box w:agonl wa r itnniting away, lit
and coniitiiig toward us at the ttop of te
his speed. I also saw that a very
plretty young lady held oll to the it
reins as tightly as possible, and Pt
exerted all her strentgthi to stop the re
animal who had got completely be- Je
yiTnd her control.
"What indtced mle Io do it, I don't
know; but, acting oi thle itllttlse of
th tIomnenit, I sprillg op andl pulled
the conllecting line. Folttlnately I "
was in thie last cal, and we were not
riuntit g fast it the time. I relteuber
hearing tile whistle froml the locomo
tive siglifyinig "down brakes," and
thlat one mlan, who seemted to divine
my intenltion, tried to stop lue. liur- a
rying to the lear ila:tfoilu I took tly b
position on the step, and s ti the train ,i
slowed up jinllped off'. I was none 1
too soo01, aid jullst had time to cltch tile
tail boaud ot the wagon as the horse,
nmure thai ever flighletecd at the
sight of tihe train, tore across the i
track. It riequlired all my strengtll to tl
hold ton, antd if I had not Ibeenu piretty t(
quick and active, I should have lbeen
tlhrownl aside andt killed. However, f
I ouatnlged to get in at last, and ta
king tile reins, wonld, in all Iprobabil
ity, either lhave pulled tie horse over ,
ilnto tile vehicle or my arms frotl tile
sockets (tle last 3o"1 will agree with
mne being tile most likely thing of the t,
two to happeln), whaen stddenly the ,
right-hand line broke, and, afraid h
f that if I pulled on tilhe other, outr u11
ruly steed might turn and upset us t
I was obligedl to throw it down and t
think of snome plan to stop Itr..
"All this tiime the young lady hlad
id not slaid a l wold, :aid sat perfectly still,
" although I could see froml thie palllor
of lhe-I lace, and a sliglh trelnbliing iof
Sthile lips, that she was fully alive t, I
the danger ofour position. I knew a
- that vwhat I didl I tilst ldo quickly, for t
we had nearly leeni thloiwn out two
or three titnes, and I had shaken tiy
head emphatically at mny fellow suf-l
ferer in nlswer to her atlte appenl for
perm1issioi to jlUlmp. I knew thitI
brokell limbs would be tile conse-e
queuce, and resolved to do all in my
l poaer to lprevent suchll a calanlmity.
Seeinug no other way I leaned forward, I
amld, grasping a ba:ckstrap, ilpt a fotot
on each shaft, and in this manlier
worked nmy way oil to tile hlorse's
back. A short distance aheatl the
rood took a sharp turn, and I made
up mny mind that the horse must be
t stopped before we reaclled it; so I
threw my arms around.his neck with
the idea of chocking hili, when tie
whliftetree becanle detached frim the
ed slhaft. Nothinig that I am aware of
ke more likely to tlerrify a horse than to
have sontetlhing knocking against his
h eels, and I found that it required
some skill to keep my seat. One
kick-the shatts were denmolished and
we were free from thle wagon, which
ran ahead by its ow velocleity, until
one of the front wheels struck a stone,
or turning the carri:lage so thait it ran
into the bashes, whichll lined the rtoad,
aud saonped. A glatnce behinad show
ed me all tllhis, aud I was about lookimng
out folr my own safety when the beast
stumbled, throwing me with great
violence over his llead. I know that.
my temple struick something preilyv ie
hard ; I saw several flaslhns of light ha
hefote Imly eyes, :rad then all was still. lei
The next tling that I remneminber is up
that I was lying on a bed inl a stranget (n
room, with niotller b mymy side. I dis
felt very weak and wondered how I V
came there, until I saw the lady whom , ir
I Ilad risked my life to save stalnding ; It
Sat time foot of tlhe bedstead. I thought in
she seemed very much pleased to see I W
that I had regained conscioullsness, tr
anid the smile shie gave mile made linme
feel as happy as one in mly condition ah
conhi. hel
"The doctor told me afterward that ! the
it was only 'good nursinglthallt brought I
me through," for hmsidss shavin'i'ii i ni lli
nmation of the brain, I had several ngly iUI'
r bruises, iuncluding ia sprained ankle, o t
I and, if I remember rightly, two or frj
three broken ribs. I lhad beenl sick sai
five weeks and you may be sure I was wI
glad when I was strong enough to cx
walk in tihe garden by tie help of a
I your mlotlher anmd a ncae.'
"Mother ?" l
"Yes. Ida ; it was you ther r who
was the cause of lily broken ribs, and
I have never regretted it, anid wnildTI
go lihrougi time same thnllll againi it
it were necessarly, or would doi her
any good. My business had beei ti
very miuclh neglected during my ill
ness, and I foiund I should have to
Scomlmence over again ; butt thlat did I0
not trollble nme tmuch, for I was yuig th
-scarcely 24 years old-and your no
ma had promiised to wait for mue u Ii
til was gray if necessary." imn
"No, sirt," said linother, who sat on it`
the other aide of thle hearth, "not unt- i'
til you were gray, but forever."
S"True, nmy dear, you did ; but we
did not Ihave to wait very long, fot as
i our fatller, after letting ime 'go ahead
awhile on own my hook," as lie ex- hei
. pressed it, advanced time necessary Go
funds, and when I would have paid III
him back, said, 'You risked your life ,r
to save Netlie's ; all I have is hers,
and shie is yours ; never talk to me Gi
of payment again.'
"Smo you see, Tom, that lint e was I'
' not such a corloalmo tace courtshiip r s
you imhuagined. Iut there's the tiltup
' per bell ; run and get ready.. Come t
mother."
tII
r Washington's Noble Character. at
From the Drooklyn Argus. II
I, I the prIvate dia'ry of General he
SWashington, lunder date of April 1, iI,
S17"I3, occurs tile following entry : ee
"[I rose early this imoriiing, anid, hi
expecting colnlpaliy, went to Iiiy E:
,1 wunlitho to tilert a suitable attire, ti
.when to mny gre;it chagrin, I fouind
t thalit iy imost idilispiensal e garmelris
hwere urtit tfor the occasioun. At the aI
l bireakfast table I encounntered Mrs. ,.
I Wasihington, amd reuimarked tas kindly w
a as I could under the circumstnces ll Ii
"'Miartha, my dear, whenll I see a to
woiman of your powers fooling away l:
a her time on titles, while there are til
Stfour of my best pairs of trousers re- v
;, iainining to be patclled, I amn ahliost t
f temupted to believe there is no God.' bi
ý "She did not make any reply, but tI
e burying her hIead in a plahtefuil of sl
tl pan-cakes, wept so bitterly tlhat I ;e
1e resolved never to allude to the sub- tl
i. ject again." a
Here we have a tender and betalti- .
Sfuil illustrationi of tile real greatness I
of time hero's Imeart. lie would go n
fo rth into thie world with the biting
winids of wiuter nippiung his hiistori- t
ctil cuticle through tile ventilatouisin
his plantaloons, and yet utter no word
of complaiunt agaitst his wife.
I A FATAl. HlAilT.--Iihressoluttion is *
' a fiatal hIabit; is not vicious il itself, "
y but it leaids to vice, creeping upoU its 1
victims with a fatal facility, thie pen
e ilt.y ot:whiclh litany a tiie heart, hnIs
e paidi at tile scallIld. The idler, tlhe
' spendthrift, time epliculreail, and the 1I
ie drunkard are arnoutg its victims. Per
1 halts in the latter its effects aplpear ili
to tile most lhideous fIrm, lie kiowsm t Ihat
t tile goblet wlhiclh lie is llthout to drliin i f
1 poi~son, yet lie swatllows it. He knows,
r, for tile exaLimple of thoutands las
- piinted it in glaring colors, that it
Swill deaden I1ll his facullties, take time
er streligth from his limbs ailmd time haIp
ie jilless from his heart, opiress hilU
th with disellse, and hurry his prlOgrieLss
ine It dishlonored grave, yet hle dlmaiis
e it. How beiautifil, on thie conltrary,
id is the power of revolulion, enablinig
Il thie ne who Iossesses it to pasis
: tlhrough perils amld dangers, trials and
ad temptatiolls. Avoid, tllhe, tlhe con
traction of the lhabit of iresolhution.
ad Strive against it to the end.
orI
of "MLUST TINK ROSCiiILES AM PI.ATIN'
to DIS GAME."--So ne danrkies, it is said,
wu started a fare bank somlemwhele ill
or town a short time since, on a small
so scale. 'Their flunds were limited, amdl
ii no one was atllowed to bet over Iten
if- cents at a timme. A mian fromn Alien
ftr county was in tihe city seeing whIat
i hst ie could see, and iu ihis rambles
se- enmie upon the darky faro bank. lIe
ply pulled out a five dollhr bill, bought
ty. ilts worth in chips mld Iput themi on
rd, the jeck. The det'ler was busy, amnd
not I at first did not see thie big pile of
ter 'chips, and commneneed deiling. He
te's all at once looked up, saw Allen
tme County's ile alltd inquired: "Who's
ride dat got dat peaumid on dat jaRck f"
lie Allien County, not knowiug tie riles
I of tie game, very sternly reamarked,
ith "Trhat's mine." 'Thie dealer garied at
time him for a moment and replied: "Pull
the her down from dar. Pull her dtow
of from dar; you mntst tink Roscliileu
to am playing dis game." Alleim Comimty
his "pulled her down from dar."--Buw
red linug Green (Ky.) Democrat.
i Philadelphia husbands are not al
til lowed to use the niglit keys, and
when the clock strikes ten, if they
e are not at home, the grieved wife
mai sobs out: "Sarah, hand me mn bon
2 anet and shawl and swod ai.
Ir ..i*ut -Sn ro\roi~'Iu
An Aggressive Swordfish. Fa
From tht' N-ornilk (Via.) Landmark.
The brig P. M. 'l'inker, Captain,
ilernard, previously toenti,!d as;.
having aniived t hIre frolI Richm.ond. ;id
leakingi, for repaiis, has bloi haehl14
up oI Ihle way at Graves' shily.ard. o I
Oni exmiinliati11n vestetrdlay, it was in t
diseoverod Ithat the ileak was 'caus ii put
hbv a swordlish, the swod (oin.g hnl wet
broken nil' or'ward tho hamItl. :ahont onu
ti t l afe't the f;i refli ' t. the fish, l .
in strikitng the vessel, mslit have cone furl
with gleat force, as ithi sword i'enet - ieit
trated tht copper sheathiug, a 3-iht ren
hirch Blantk, andl through the timl pal'h
;aI)ot ( inCh..s-in all :il.oit it in- uIt
tehes. It iocturred on the imorn'ing of tail
the ýl3d of )ect'emllller, wlieli the brii put
was I ighteenl dayi s out from lRio, and skil
in thit nieighbolhodl of Ca(pe St. lial
1{nl &. htI wý s pul,,p, iled allutl 4 I in I
o'clolck in the imorl'ing, and u nd rian
fi'ee of watl'er. Abol( t ii o'clock the Clo
1ame 1110 lliliing sihe was afigail pl.lpt.d, 414a
\whaen \latot' was olbtainedL, 011, o(Int
examin1atiinl, it was lound that she the
had lmadol e I1 iahlc of water. 'TheI' t
mien w'as kept steady at the pulmps p
atiil her arrival at ]i'h.nu.d, and ~f
while tIhere and oni her trip here. Iat
I --- ----- -- --ii
The App3mnattox Apple-Tree.
'The Alexaiirl ia(Va.) Gaizetto prints lllt
Sthe fe;llowitlg colrnm1i1iiicat tionL
ºIt has ,been staited that all inlter- st,
views ant a'rangto4n'illts in re'Pgaldll to
Ilth ii strroudar 4of Geo. Lee at App,- hi
ilat1tox (Court-houso in lt'i:i t.,Lk 1ai
place in the lhouse of Col. lMcLean, a,t
anlld lnot llhder an "alple-tree." This To
iS. in part It mitistate'. The last inter- soa
view betweeti Gen. Lee acn the Fedo- ie'd
ral olticers ',pr'tviolis to t te sirrelldeir h
did taike place ii..der' an aippile-tree, .n1
ra.s follows, I being an eye- witness: . li
( Wlien the officet'lrs ifroml Gei. Gl'rant' la~
.ihead q1uater''s camei the last . ime to in
iGeti. Lee, hIe wlas sitting onl a seat ty
;made by lilacivg the eils of two fenee te
rails ill tlie ifor14k of nII aLJ'Ittle)-treit . it
11hien the oflicei'rs rode tii within i.r
Sseveulty-tive or ai hullndred yards of at)
Gell. Lee tlhey dlisinotlntedl and ;p Ilit
lrt'ached him, Ilhat in hand. The cle
s General r'ose, whien the military sa
Ilte was exchalznged. 'rite oticers
then handed him a written paper, Th
which hei rii ead and then tore up, with wa
his head hanging down as if in deep oli
thought. lie then called fir his horse, w.i
11and attended by Col. W. 1. Taylolr be
:al1 Slpecial Conlir Joh.ti, roet' away tiii
ill the directioil oftl Alppomattotx Couirt
1house. lIe retti tned in alout two lil
Shours Uanl told us1 he haad slIrreider he
ed. I was a courier onl duty with ;t,
him at the lime. L. B. ELLs. thie
' Ex-menltbler Co(aipony A, Thirty- ttl
tinth Rl.ttalion, Virginia Cavalry. eg
K.:Ei.'N TrlE LA'v.-T'l'h.rel was of
L an old Quaker who had an unfrtu- -
l hlate reiputtioll of no11-1.l'esistlncce. It li
was said thait aInyi o110 coiidhi jostle or1
him, tred onlii his toes, or tweak his tIl
anose with impunity, nntil rue market
Ytday 'a blhlstering fellow, being told
lthat yolllder was a manll who, if ie G
was sililt ten 4ilon one chleek, wonhl in
a turn the other also, thought it would
be sport to try lilyn. Steppling lip to
t thie stulrdy, good-natured Flle rienld, lle lbe
Il slapped his face. The old ,ham looki- s,
I dt at hiimi orrowfully for a Iliolilent, ,
thlell slowly turil'led hins other cheeki
land4I receivetd anllOtllr biltlff. Upon lle
ithat hle Iotoly lllhd olifll his cent. "I m!
hael¢ cleared the law," said he, "andl t
1now thee must take it." Alld lie ga\ve o i
Ithe tcowal'dly fellow a tremedltlous
traslllg. 4f
-- -......... - -- -.........
Charles Dudley Wartner thinks that of
the It4lian mosquit 0 111e tl1re in- hi
telligellt tlhan the Almerican; olies, i
salyilg that thle mllosqlit. ill Velice, i
who IaI haild c(vilized ulces0tor0 tr l'n f
thl)ut1511d years, is a vrl'y dilfll'ellt w
animal froml the milonia olf ourl ,i
 Western prl'aliries. 11e is alert, c1a-' t
tlion, emllthlg, anld rainaln to get isa tl
h living with the least plossible danger. (I
' "llt let us take valr'ninlg, a1d1 give I;
it to out chilhren. Whnever vanlily it
t and gawyet, a Inve of ..n.I d'rss,
* furnitire, equiplge, Ilili..gS, gleat '
' coll1pan, ex llesi 'e diversiolln i1l I
tlega;lnt entelrtaitiinents get thie bet
ter of the lp'ilnciples :d jtiid .n'ents of
llle ll lor wailell, 1114.1' is 1I41 klnlowillO
whel:r they will stup, nor iirto walt
i evils, iiatiral, lioal or i.litical, they 4
Swill lead us."--oh1ln Altains.
---- -- *****-------- ---
Sexact, if'ty Ier' ceint. illterestL from ai
w' idow.
III.
Gushing idhiIt--ll\\' biliime thisIii
riukillng is! By Jo'e, I ctilhl rillk
['iutLl .,3I! Yolllrt Ildy- Wr ll, Ii
il1dn't knllIw; .yvoIll see(' it all tldepeuds
l tllo 0r' rinkiokl !
•l 'It wa.s Ben. Fralklho intro
chlted broam Cclin clulltirte lllto thisI
contiiri." tht tll.i.H1i4s ilf svlter'iilg
wllho intrhlrucedl ll'ool hanldhes--N;or
ristole' Ie'rald.
"What, do thP.y allways Ipt D. C.
ao fterl' W;ashlnllgonl t'o'l'r" alked .Mrs.
He QUilp of Mr. Q. "Why, Iy denr,
en do't, you klnoW that aiishiuntonl was
' the l)addiy lf hisi Cou.tr'y f" said
p" Quilp, with a s1icker.--l ostlon Post.
We hen the leadiig New Yol'k pa
s pers dervote tenll columns and a ruil;,I
'i apiece to a college riegatta, aId 1 oly4
two colnmos to college comlllmtnll'c
llnment, herie is ot mullchl incllllceellnt
l fr by, to sit ul, half thiQ night puz
z sling their brai:is over ellihe rootS and
thliugs.-Norriistown Lie athl.
-- -. O c-- -...
Paris haviing decided that hore
al- flesh is glllod to eat, consulued overl
ad 6000) Ihrses last year.
ife '1'he onile ciictt clirpeL while the
'ofl' .felnle wol'iks in sileee. WVomia;n's
Jourunal please 'oIy.
Farm and Household Column.
How to Make Good Yeast.
A crl'rsaond'It of the Country
G(en tlemnt itves the followi ng:
\as1h and sel'l clan two p|llllnd
ofIll' pItit 'tes, giod l weigh'l t ; itll ii ick
ill toll) allll lN l ltllll). i:V thet'l inll the'
put and pour in harcly sulhetient c..!!
watller tol covelr thelit.. Si.utmar ithe
itly untiil ttel y' hut '. ''i I n "a' -
IetLtaini by proling ; tl1I t I.;lth w 'i:
tolurk ; t uictl the ti th elir the' 1: I.
minijltes. Whell teiler 9illl' ti
skin. In a salalltlllca puitt i good I a"
half ounce tl ll ps; I do ltllt t i tie 1L.,
inl atl htg, ftr thle po;llen, lian i' l t'.
Iltau til hrl'entilg propLert' y of hp., i.
I'otliined in tihait way. PilFr two
quarlts oif ilin'g war r over t.hem,
aidl let lth oI hoil litve tajiales liftelu
thI " havte Il ll anle to t ,he ,Iai. tar hii
gel', fiori it imaikes them Iziiter. lut
a pottun tat loiur, two large 11.sati!1I.4
iof white sugar. weight two o ce-;
rge spolnftllll of .salt, weilght ot
lon lcee; spounful l of grindt ginlge,
weight halt an l llce, into a lhrge
tmlixilg haowl • straiI aIlti polr in onela
Ilualt; of ailiing hop wal'ter; thlt tl.iur
lutist be thiorotughly cookedl with lthe
boiling hiop wllater, tbbed ti an uelixed
alliotl frmit all ln Ips; did the
lashed ll potatoes anli second quart of
boiling thop ýater. It you dl noti
have t oi quarts, pour boiling water
over the hops, Squltteze and striintu.
i'To prevent tlllhe yest chilling tioo
,moon, liave 'your 'last crlck ai,in mix
ing bIowl helated before usiniig. Pilace
Ithe coalaliidr ovel the east crack,
aglil shaidl your yeast into it. WVh1en
;t little inlle 1111han lukewaril adld a
large cniieentllitlli of y"'ast, keepi. it
i iin a modeilratly wr 111 placei tr tweli
,ty-ti-ltr htIours, theni put ilitti the cool
est .Utl Idairitst ltart of the cellar.
Use a two or tIlhree gallon eartier
(croc:k-tiln, gls l l t ohli lsi'eware chill
tltoo stln-witlh a lid flitting well to
the riie ; it is easier to till and to
cleanse tititan a jug.
The (light Wily to Boil Eggs.
There is anll objectiol to the cOUmwOn
Swy of loiling eggs, whilch peoplle do
' inot IIlilderstalili. It is this: The
white, under threiie lminlutes' cooking,
lecoiles ltt.ug ll atl itligeslti.le, whilde
co;ked, eggs are done evenly tlhrlngl
like any other fiitd. 'his rtesuti may
be attained by puutting tlhe eggs into
Ia dish with al colver, as a tin iai, atil
then pouring uponi thell boiling wal
-ter, two l lats o01 (oe11 t o 2a doizell
eggs, ati cover and set away frotmi the
stove fo;r til,'een flinhites. The heat
Sof thel water cooiks tlhe eggs slowly,
- evently ai d sutliciently, atull to a jelly..
like causistetleyl. hainitg It ie centtre
l or yolk Iarriir than the white, amid
thise eggs taste itlucli tidier amid nicer.
il );is. Evetright, ill tell Counltry
' G.entlcmant p recoiitinds the follow
I jig:
S Hiow to Cleani Silks and Woolens.
S-if the silk is muchl soiled it must
Slie ripped entirely to pieces and well
sliakl to clear it frtln duist. The
t, boil a black kid glove in a pint of
k water, or if a light colored silk is to
libe cleanell, tatke a light colored kid
I gtlove.. iWhlia iti s alil slt ieil tull
l the wahttr will Cntaltlii eiinighie lii
0 givae"11 lititlhi stithiess to that silk.
If ileC spali2li , it ll lla 1 ' h o" vt-r it al
lbraeadlith of ti silk ; then lip i che
it of w'l 'lenl clothi, o1 h tlttr l till, o"
Il hhek cliape, into hl li'id, talllat Iahr
., oighly cleaise tile best side tf thl
, silk. t attfal ti ter tellillave evev
1 sjplit 2lnll rll e it ifromi a-lege l1 tI tieS,
t wttting it nll tvtvlr. Theliti fohl t ;te.
r silk in half anal iahinc' it in at lehn
1 I- iwe l, i4 lasUe tiauI t lithei ti1f 12
i tie siltlie Ili N terl , I llig amti tlj2ilac alt
. tile othiar in time tiwel. Let iha: si k
lie Ibl ed h 'tut il till i t liinsht', iea
t have 21 hilnrge r1011. iil taa be suirte thii
Sit i nti t tlil hot, try it first ilt 1 l pal
p.r, aor i1 hit of nil al:iiiupenie silk.
T w oi irl onilsi iitr , nI lele . "la ka Ih ltie .ia ea
af silk thait wil1. lilst waslahel iiulal !ni3
it tall a sheet fulhhleI tlie-kly, :nl cnv
af lterl with iiii( i5nielwitl", Zttl it ilal the
win'i .ilhe aqatickli, ti out t-(!ge at' i-algt-,
t iitil iitfeitl 1'y dry. Palhl thie silk
a1aiv l lightly, i1ll41 llace it a)ii ati4 tnial|
aif the table h int il tll arte finhihad.
This plir s. will ciltnt atttd si i iia:
Slhl silk aial makes it laaaak like stew.
ill Greti air lbalck tent will IIae un::Le
h ldack silk laok fresh atnld clean.
Cuting Sure ''hrirlltt.--llty ait a
oil amid live cents' woi ri of chlot'tat,
I appearlsiti In the t lintl tit"e i ul'l'llli
hi hnlt i1 tiliniih r cit wlilter 211141 l'itlh ii
g;ii'gle Ilit, thrtnlit Ithirouit.aighl1,11hii itutl
tha iarck tiiairogll' ly with lhi- canit.
phanliri, tnil aiat igihilt bietfoire gaaing iti
h115 hitt iilsoi pin rltOiltill tha thrliat a
1'o Pie'eiat Chlhifiing.--ls_ a lotion
oa iltm in wiilher, t alia ietlh i riiiag
b'hie rtetih'ig. A jiace ot ol 1i.1i
laill'ti as at hialhenni, aiissal'eal in a
. ihalf pil! tat o ilter, is 5iitlictitit. It
ri will qtuickly hueeil tx-erhiateal skin and
l hirhuen tile tunihalathdd etti ic-la-. Thi,
.use alf this fiu. years ivithl the mtiosi
iid lei.ticiiil Itstillts is st licient unhi ii t ..o
st, 3' forir ti i l. It is good also o1 i~te
-det feet and setl Coins. "
n t ables ay ashdiag tlriiie l n ,t sohilicati
of copat-il"s £idssall in ltroni lihit-, a
oiled, t g3 it will huik wva-,ll fhr t 3e,1l'
re two; tle renew the oiling,
er impih ,Spoinge C2ike.--Tlire a~eg,
on ta e ti i st'gl , 211 i(1 oneait fhliar.
ieat the eggs very lighti; theta 2i41(i