Lm-4u Cluhib eeOed llS. do -
A iLAT inventory of the elects of the time
Club by the keeper of the .~lear-trap prio
dhows that i is pooeaed of the follow- Insect
leg extra valuable relics: A silver mug of ol
once owned by John Quincy Adams; a result
neoked hat worn by NapolAn;, s#word to for
with whieh.hakspeare kiilJ ear; a secor
bowle.-kbife aSrtled by th Mai b Ol The
leans; seveful hbrdock leaV s gathered only
on the field of Waterloo; George Wash- rsie
ington's favorite boot-jaek; A C-ost-tbil new
which once graced the person of liar
Cicero; the spoon with which Diogepes made
ate hbi last pridding and milk; a boot I and
worn by Falstaff; a bottle of the soft duce(
soap tused by William Penn when get- shoul
ting his claws on Indian lands, and the feedii
only and the Identical two-gallon jug A sta
which held the whisky belonging to and
Lord Howe during his stay In America. Un
Any one having in his poseion the be em
horse-.lpistol with which Martin Luther acres
was shot can le o4 a purchmer by ad- isg;a
dressing the . b.  vat.
m tsdt yeld
The Committee on the Sick reported taine
that lawer Snall,. lJoal pember the o
ivin entucky Street, was lying shoal
serio l the resuolt of eating three total
watei s, two muskmedos, ixap- 'tl
ples, tres or four pear, adozen plums, ture
two trlidps, part os a head of cabbage
and thire-oue haeal bq S en y
hours.. e.j e V  -a
humbli.tinded, Md o l be Club
would PjPbtn
" All money as Brudder Small lbew
.a.zee outr dl.e h won't bay 'auff TI
white strag Mtiaras up a 'uteetbr," bulh
replied Brother Gardner, asbe passed coat
along tl t P' WIeo # m2 A 119al t t
de p w t de prwd ede tin
of dis kentryiside of e fullday be t
mus' make his own arram ments to ever
take kee I ,
of gasel julices~'~ e'altne he puts in cost
an appearance her." gE
A SULr.SAcaftciap EM ¢Oa . eco.
Thunderbolt Stevens here claimed the
attention of the chair, qqid asked U he
was mistaken in believing that seventy
two members ~the Club scratehed their p
abilblalns in' tiat 'oBl in unison during h
AM month of February. Being informed. A
Adt the fgures were entirely correct he ur
went on Qto ma ~ had. re-~
celved his " overa
monthespbl.' *rl n the splng he
bhad determined to either lavent an in- men
strument by,whieh seratchai the soles cOei
of the feet would be made a joyful rec- sort
eattion from the burdensome cares of
Not or do ja/1af gtt~b 6 fe di
Ideaswaste one be had been at work iml
on. He had been experimenting on the beo
solei of his own feet, and he badl tr for
It rheb.. Af tr n th, glu, ro
pitch, lime- ar lays .kidr p . i
os other things, e had lnventaedlcb i.
pound which would not only drive out be
old t0blains, - but disAourage all new ea
omesn. lie took this early oppostunity of
of announcing his dlsoovery and held sin
blmself m to o-uibe teen, t e.
ldub in klitt-match condition
frte of tgo.
Stevens, and he was ven the -
of moving his stool x feet nearer e
Bestrap. . s
THri OLlU CLUB.
.ph member of the Glee Club drop.- ar
ped troche into his mouth, and' the hit
Swas filled with t astralnsa f "The 041
NIew Long Ago," written by Black he
erry Steens.The At L'seai b as
,llows:
Wha' am de eash da I spent long Io' i,
h n a d -louN ago? to rent,
fo,
A UBltery ot Onlmlw 7ual a. t e
Ta bhistory of aspotriom
isanterestlot or
tno~i~r~u~ edtlyam:, S. llmm, tie
la relatio to It osept thoe that me
sesrb dlhniownner l Igeenlt
hbao ohdee t sal u I to
w Leu dorn te u, d goioa
Asdlote, of the osstem of
that ba of the g of
w thlt dl r wa ti tlat ae doe*
bhe a. wy ofe a ofndn ot
lath, "dtt plac, e h
"b tbhi bhe uelrble.,
dthaa weea eecfe dI
shalt forf thes
it ; attlt I
f e mha~tb
ghestimble e l aaea
,t~·nsul the
of the arst frost; the temperature of a te
unusually cold and hot days and the
a time when work was commenced in the
9 spring. The record respecting noxious Or
rF insects should embrace the appearance Chiciý
g of old and new species, the damages of the
a resulting from them, the means resorted mour,
Sto for mstormDiiog them, and the good gantic
a accomplished by parsites sad bads. dislike
c The poultry recosi phould coutail 1~t the se
'd only the number of each kind of fowls inson,
- raised and kept, but the introduction of I eratot
new varieties and notices of their pecu- ners,
liar value. Similar entries should be victin
's made respecting horses, cattle, sheep, lie de
t I and swine. If new breeds are intro- even 1
ft duced, the comparativc value of each I r.
t- should be noticed. All experiments in is aba
1e feeding should be carefully noted down. and r(
ig A statement of the annual yield of wool broup
1o and milk would be of very great value. man i
'. Under the head of field crops should From
xe be entered the number and location of fifteec
er acres devoted to Each, the time of plant- in the
Sisg aud harvesting, the method-of sulti- tivate
vatlon, the variety of the seed,.and the choir
yield. If remarkable yields were ob- The 1
id tained a statement should be give head,
or the apparent cause. Like tate n go, oi
ig should be given in regard to partialad fnee,
ee total failures. xten
p- The record of operations in fruit 'cal. ty,
is, ture should embrace the setting out of he
n es, he, and plants-their f thn
t and ouMuarO the time tivel
, bck pinig, the atb fr
ab e need to by al
the ansd
an Insects, and other Cauea. e- IN
uff The time of the. erection of. each and,
n " the o arm, togete with the meal
d cost or material and labor, should be mono
4 l da tIUy e iloi~ g; T`Th .k sh* hasl
b le. tone a rlatlona to re of e a ry latioi
ts in. An annual record should bekejt large
he of the erection and repairs of fences of sides
to every description. This record should belie
, t on at each fene, the nm- monl
Ink n its A e*utioi, and Ita lket.
in cost. A record of this kind will be of displ
great value in showing theecomparative kno.
economy of different kinds offences. $1,01
tbe It will also fford information respect- Sept
he inog the durability of different materials. Ti
The kind of wood employed for fence- feelil
eir poets and the manner of setting them in bi
in- should be carefnfly noted down. the i
ei. A carefully-kept account of expendi- that
e tiares for the purchase and repairs of fron
re- ( implements and machinery will be and
648 eM a vala o evesy ftaier prod
he *6oa vi4 the Msite o aevery' aple- with
in.- meat, with that of the maker, and the on
Iles` cost. It is well to know how long every the
r-. sort of machine and implement will last pric
,r o.p'ured esnge aid . whataimount of who
fe n were required to keep it in run- tion,
ttr . igoUler. The coot of machinery and duri
ork implements for working a farm has of nh
the become very great, and every means wer,
for reducing -the expense should be re- ste,
Io. j. I o6 mach c designed to this
i- id of *k as another said
1 4 g;long, faelshould cove
out be known. As a rule farmers know by I
_w very litte sbautthº b ompatiuvevalue seas
i tl of different maohLi made for doing cut
held similar work. seve
tq, Mnsthat we knopw coeerning farm ingi
tion man nebnent Is talned from the hard 00,
school of experience, and a history of of I
Sing p W hiS eti  but re- Maisi
ne-Le.ic I..-l] hld pa what co
seboers besn ,realized on a par- con
ticular farm, he will be in a way to read Por
SIl them, iaa, So, too, if he knows ele
of failures, d will be better prepared to foen
ro." avoid them. If he learns that. certain opt
kinds of apple trees -were planted in a r
The certain spot and failed to produpe fruit, I
ack- he will not repeat the experinient. If ket
a - he andsloo kng over the history of a a,
farm that there were repeated failures 1
in produeing pears of certain varieties e
S in certain soils, he will not renew the t
rent, effort. If, on the oontrary, he reads am
that certain aprle and pear trees that
rt anewrproducul abudanl have a.d
forded large crope for many sunecessive I
' yefsr he may rest assred t4 itis ad- In
'visblbtoseotouit more of t . Like kel
specialfertilizers, le
the employment of certain kinds of
tm leldsad g rdencropi. The history of by
shia farmtl the hlstory of a nation, is se
Sgenerly certain to repeat itsel.-Ch- fel
S.r~aoge ,tt. h
the
pand rad sthIer. gene.
ethn a hundred ths spectators of
wa of r where the travelers
liSPI aeronauts If - Beore starting
curious were r
dabl°. on olor of thesesI thme
Su atmoe
the mere
r A weaaw's neekee an braeelets o
ee o rtbulmed safely on shore. More They
gout than a hundead tholusad spectator,, od
q phi f hi, olsed on the
byold of hMam hee whtre travhey took
o he enutry.e T onglh cot, the wolappend- t
aSome v cuiovalues o isqueue atio s he
ao e life . Tors of the wmt on the is '
dsoect so disbrsome. lt htsmoe
l . Chnese ulee.
· i~ab46u hai)sase
himinsh
-J qai ~$PIhh11
K'1
~. ,..' ~a
The Great Corner in Pork and the In held I
Who Engineered It. youa
vocif0
Or all the men who have cornered the being
Chicago market, says a correspondent er's I
of the New York Sun, Philip D. Ar- anotn
mour, the manager of the present gi- than
gantic pork deal, is the most thoroughly nary
disliked by the "boys." He is one of boar(
the severest men on the Board. Hlutch- more
inson, Lyon, Sturges, and other old op- -tov
erators who have in their day run cor- with
ners, always had a little mercy on their errin
victims, but with Armour it is different. card
lie demands the fulfillment of the bond, halve
even to the pound of flesh. tol cl
Mr.Armour, who is of Scotch descent, from
is ahout fifty years of age, well preserved bottle
and quite portly in appearance. He was j
brought ul) on a farm, but when ayoung hibitb
man entered into business in Milwaukee. whie;
From there he removed to Chicago about assisi
fifteenyears ago. He lives in afflluence glass
in the southern part of the city,has a ul fo.
tivated musical taste, and supports the Pain
choir in a leading south-side church. then
The Armour house, of which he ,is the read
~ead, is really a quadruple one. Chita- such
Sgo, on account of its business import- Pain
anee, is the headquarters, but there are aw
xtensive branches in Milwaukee, Kansaps
€ity, and New York, each being under iceal
Sthepersonal direction of some nieniber easy
rof te firm. The capital of the firm se- shot
Stively employed is variously estimated br
at from $8,000,000 to $10,000,00; It.s shot.
by all odds,the mos extensive packing onds
d and provision hobse in the world. e " cult
I abilit to control means in its business the i
t imJown by past corners in pork glis
Sandsothand the present one in pork and the
e mead~~l irmour has made most of his ro
money since 1870 In packing pork and gob
handLa grain, and in extensive specnu- fo
[ lations mooth of these articles. lie is brol
t largel interested in wheat now. Be- not
Ssies his deals in pork and wheat, it is tine
I believed that on the first of the present ball
month he got control of the rlrd mar- shel
s ket. Although he has as yet failed to anot
SI display his strength in that line, it is a
e known that he recently checked out over bree
'. $1,000,000 for lard delivered to him on grei
September contracts. aim
1. The present corner gro, ut of the ill full
Sfeeling engendered by Arnmc 's losses the
Sin bullng property after the opening of A
the regular packing season in 1879. At shoA
' that time Armour had made up his mind lool
t from personal observation in Europe of a
e and extensive correspondence that hog Mr.
It products should rule high in sympathy que
with breadstufs, on account of the light at t
18 condition of stocks in England and on ingi
the Continent. He labored to advance er,
t prices, but was oversold by the trade, the
) who, being influenced in their opera- for
n tions by the large packing in progress wet
id during the winter, and the large stock bur
s of hogs available for summer cutting, feel
'a were free sellers. His losses from the ali
e' steady depression in the market which All
o this state of affairs brought about are dro
er said to have been very heavy. To re- the
Id cover some p t 9f the money dropped ,
,w by him, he, .1 the close of the packing car
ae seasons, q*tld oS . f l allthe winr- up
mg cut meat bihthfs maltA,'am oati.gto fire'
several ,millions of. pounds. His hold- she
in ngs at one time were not less than 40,- six
rd 000,000 pounds. After getting control inD
of of the meat deal, which occurred in et
e-" March last, he gradually bought up exl
at pork, and by the middle of May he had wit
e- complete control of that article also.
Pork being the leading speculative arti- A
s dele in the provision line, Mr. Armour
tfound no trouble in obtaining all the
un option contracts necessary to make his ;tht
a pork transaction a profitable one. Since
t ay he has steadily squeezed the mar-of
t ket. and has advanced prices from about he
a $9 to $17.75 per barrel. the
S After Armour obtained control of the k
Scash meat and pork-and it mright Or
he truthfully be said of the entire provision br
I market-he did not sit down and wait an
at to sell, but established agenoies in every tic
f place of importance between the Mhis
ve ouri River and the Gulf of Mexico, and w
- In all the English and Continental mar- he
ke kets, and worked off the better part of sn
edthe produt on hand at saving prices, an
Ire has opened these agencies to such an th
o tent Ias badl o Crippe the provision
Chbse in c . v
of This great deal will prob y wiad up d
Sby the opening of the regular packing ri1
season on Nov. 1, but its effects will be to
Sfelt for some time longer. Since the la
hous of Armour went into the cor- er
ner it is estimated that it has bandled c
600,000 barrels of cash and option pork, a
It net proit being not less than a 
. Ir, a I. Paie's lemarkabe Shot
YISTatbAY asfteraoon, says e De-.
roit Free PAess, Ira A. Paine gave a
re private exhibition of his abilities as a
, marksman before a ~ r more of in- .
erm o rrek* ft ve
wta T.ZL and a
one of of the 1*wtad da
of teef the fkp
tis Tfam lofthe f(r
lars diately .1 thd, and
non ced one of the iost inrkb
e-.Tas done lonti ilver i,
ban dk' Mthe Park lbooui, Ham
tramck, where the sun's rays were
Sstrong, ad where the wind bad an in
terest Im n whatever wasgoing on. There
ws no seekiMg of shelter, no trick-load- .
edahbellsor prparae4 owder, cracked
abe glass bals or other IleitImate methods
Sk omens adopted babitior mak
Mr. Panebea hinwork by so otin
with an ordinary double-barreled shot f
gua or bteeeh-loading fowling piece, at t
glass balls thrown by his assistant in
amy and every direction, and as rapidly
lets andas tlr upssib. A.t. breaking t
rime every ball thus thro*n, Mr. Paine shot
hey at balls$hthro n highlu ti albtt b
theAd -rst t the polint where the d
ward fight stopped, then after ther hI
ns fallen hilf wast the ground, and finally
the when within tree feet of the ground.
im n If the marksman exhibited his steadi- 1
ook ness of nerve and.correct eyesight in
end the above feats, he made those faqts
nda trebly manifest in the second part el
a he the programme, which was shooting
isa with a regulation single-barrel duelng
pistol. All shots were made at ten
'paes, the Arst objeet being a block 6f
mw, wood, two inches quare, which he an.
a tered ltand~H t adseat spinang1
ro throug thb air. Theh Imrskt at, s
plalt eabple abost a ich lndiameter,
sid which wm sp on wire hung I
u -tre fatofte fae of the ta bordi
te Ifsit his h cJoseph J la 1
 iI board, sld*lt rb.llt
¥ir 0 |..,:wIin hle  s
.aI thread an o befpeto m ts
leelve board was net xt .wit*a p1olP
sae afer whih edea bels were pu
m.en. VEIpU ni spectator and
=S
SI held between the thumb and finger of
young Jacques. All of these feats were Tee
vociferously applauded,'the spectators berry
e being at a loss to account for the shoot- rain w
t er's marvelous aim. Still Mr. Paine had and tw
another feat more incomprehensible ground
I than all. His assistant placed an ordi- groun,
nary business card againmst the target you wI
f board with the edge of the card-not MIL1
º- more than one-sixteenthof an inch thick finely I
'- -toward the shooter. Then Mr. Paine, one-ha
with the dueling pistol, took a long, un- the s5
erring aim and, at the first shot, hit the mince
t. card on the edge, cutting it in exact the jui
It halves. The feats with the dueling pis. and pt
tol closed with the shooting of a cork cups,
t, from a stone bottle without injuring the half at
d bottle or spilling its contents. and se
s With an army revolver Mr. Paine ex- ingred
g hibited several very dexterous shots, for balls,
" which he was heartily applauded. His They
it assistant standing thirty feet away to:sed sauce
e glass balls at him, and he shot them be- BAt
1- fo.e they could hit him. Then Mr. flour a
1e Paine threw the balls himself and broke the en
*. them with the revolver before they could put in
te reach the ground. With a small rifle rings,
a such as is used in shooting.galleries Mr. inch fi
t- Paine broke balls thrown at him and oven;
re away from him. each 1
P With a Winchester rifle, a most serv- , he o'
ir iceable weapon and not particularly The p
O' easy to handle with accuracy, Painea h-mn
0- shot double balls thrown into the air, Try tl
ad breaking both of them, and put twelve in an3
As shots into a six-inch target in eight see- IN
e5 onds. He then performed the most difli- that it
is cult shot known to rifle practice, viz., that e
ss the ricochet shot with glass balls. A This I
rk glass ball is placed upon the ground, and brims
d the rifleman, by shooting into the few S
tis ground, under the ball, throws the is inst
d lobe into the air four or five feet and no fa
I- efore the ball falls to the ground it is every
is broken by a second shot. o do this the m
not only requires nice judgment in hit- I subje
is tin the ground in such a way that the stone,
at ball will not be broken, but the emptied ever
tr- shell must be thrown out of the rifle and easily
to another cartridge must be thrown in its matel
is place before the second shot which Ft
er breaks the ball, can be made. Hence, half
In great quickness, nerve and faultless af
aim are necessary. Mr. Paine success- ort
ill fully made two ricochet shots, ending da
;es the fancy shot programme. beate
of About a third of a mile from the a
At shooting ground was a red spar buoy,
td looking to the spectators to be the size poii
pe of a lead-pencil. Wishing to see what e e
og Mr. Paine could do at long range, re- then
hy quests were made that he would shoot he
aht at the buoy.. The marksman unhesitat- she
on ingly complied, explaining first, howe- boilir
Ie er, that he would be obliged to guess at
le, the elevation, as his rile was not fixed iners
ra- for long-range shooting. The first shot sis,
ass went several hundred feet beyond the Co
ck buoy, the second one went about 200 whea
ig, feet beyond the spar, and the third one esti.
the alighted within fifty feet of the object. blef
ich Alr were line shots. The fourth shot the
are dropped alongside of and bespattered a be
re- the buoy with water raised by the shot. thei
ed Then reloading the rifle with sixteen to v
ing cartri8ges, Mr. Paine said he would get case
ur- up a lhtle,.qaall around the buoy, and, and
rto tiring Ia rapid succession, the sixteen shri
od- shots were sent around and within from betw
10,- six inches to two feet of the buoy, caus- the
rol ing the water to fairly jump. Thus end- than
in ed a most entertaining and surprising A
up exhibition of what maybe accomplished Ame
had with firearmss, chin
isoý Thei
rti- A lappy WeO4int and how it was that
our Breght Abet. ing
the safel
the Ons of the most interesting weddings sas
his that has ever taken place in this city, and
says the Lexington (Ky.) correspondent
jar- of the Cincinnati Enquirer, came off the
here at two o'elock this afternoon, at th
the church of the Rev. Dr. Walker, '3
the iknown as Hill Street Methodist ChurCh. T
ight One week since, a dapper, quick-spoken, elus
ion bright-faced Massachusetts man put in smo
vait an appearance here, and the first ques- wax
e tion known to have been asked was: ther
ls- "Where is the Daily Press ofilce?" i a
and When the question was answered, away will
sar- he put to find it, and, when enterinr, way
t of said: "I am from Providence, R. I, fct
os. and have brought you copies of.each of Yi
ban the daily papers, and many of the New juc
slon York papers, which, I hope are inad- stat
vance of the mails." His open, bright, sun
Sap direct manner atteracted attention, which I the
ing ripened into confidence and to some ex- bo
be tent personl regard. This was the cool
the last known of him to the public for sev- wi
or- eral days, when it became a matter of pa
ed common talk' that Miss Fannie Brown
ork, was to be married within a day or two
i a to a Mr. Dulel Bruce, Jr., of Provi- bai
dence, R.I. Miss Fannie's position in *
society wrrigab hone of our bet, peo- te
* pie in taking an interest in her, and
they began atonoe to inquire, * Who is
Mr. Bume'" Away the story went un
e- til alast some old crone, with a mem- m
ie a ory never' at fault, called attention to
as a an advertisement which appeared in the
i in- Daily ress July 6th and later, to the
most following eleet:, wh
ever , A seo b6d litabits, in
sta good esatal.dai a good busi- n
mand desiring to nay, sbu not rich, ro
n desiring mrrT, but not seeing among I
rests his acquaintances any lady whom he at
asks prefers above a11 otm wihewles toa e-'
love respond with a view to marriage witha e
ie youn ladel.o the following description: !
and Must-be of good family, unquestionable an
Pr Fharacter, aind and affectiouate, good
bl inger orgood plaasirsmanrtd intel- I
Sigetgood frp,good conversational- 9
lver stand aboat twenty-Ave years of age. bo
lam Advertle'is sincere and wishes no fool
wre ish oneo ndemce. Address Ernest
Sin- Elmwood, Providence, R. I." -
ere Two and two at once made four; the
load story took a new turn: the gossips i
rcd yro,s ticeted evil, aid the young 1
aks tosee her in acores; butnot a wordwas
said of Ernest Elmwooi. The wedding
otit came off, the chureh was filled with the to
shot friends of the bride, mainly members pt nE
, the same church, and the pastorpro
at nouncedithe marriageceremonl y with pe- to
cullar solemnlty and unction. The
Iridg e sd groom bsaveuow .g e..o ther hi
hot home ina Ea b the s, but he lking ones
of the ety are stilldon ti pteetoknow
molre, anl the names of Daniel Bruce Il
and Ernest Elnwood are by many re
lally g5r a solymous.terms. The
on Iad will srowernthe description
d- to a in. he modest, reined, culti- c
h vt in l +ithe arts sat aedopplished in
faqts deantments of music. M. Bruce. s
aro Ir ab gh faced nanof forty years of age, t
notpg with the abjpearance of twentyss, is a
aelng drnggist arvS&bm • II, m a s.- ,
it ten dier of four years during the war with a
ck r commissdi~d of Caitikn e (Malry, and
- .ea. is so open and pleiaat in his manner as
aling top q P eep ali who
Lt'a have met m. Btthendis not et.
qur a4 eattr , ase Diel th Bace,
"g f5Jr and Ernet Elwood .Ideatieal?
,l. I itso,is this to be theje Of Provi
e ts> h-la the ea ae scad, ean it is
bUllet intimated dl9 * ertdi nmen t col.
usre.. rann of the uth l futui re be
 _' greM numbrs'abiesuh lritet mussels, it
. n is impossible to raise doohpjaeauae at
Sjiai i low wptter the dckligs are caught by
eon n- the mussels, and held autil drowned b
s ad the rie tide.
SOE AND FARi.
ThE best way to move old straw. -
berry plants is to wait till after a heavy BAB
rain when the ground is "soaking" wet,
and take up clumps of them with the WaS
ground attached and carry them where
you want them.
IMlIuaur PUDDIrxN . - Chop very
finely one-half pound of suet, mix with it
one-half pound of bread crumbs, and
the same quantity of moist sugar;
mince the rind of a lemon, and strain were
the juice; mix these ingredients well,
I and put the mixture into small buttered
cups, and ..ak for rather more than
half an hour; turn them out on a dish,
and serve with lemon sauce. The above
ingredients may be made into smnall
balls, and boiled for about half an hour. ,,
They should be served with the same was
I sauce as when baked.
BAKED IIAM.--Make a thick paste of
flour and water (not boiled), and cover
3 the entire ham with it, bone and all;
i put in a pan, on a spider, or two muffin
rings, or any thing that will keep it an ne
inch from the bottom, and bake in a hot Oh wi
oven; if a small ham, fifteen minutes for
each pound; if large, twenty minutes;
the oven should be hot when put in.
'The paste forms a hard crust around the
c ham, and the skin comes off with it.
Try this, and you will never cook a ham
e in any other way.
IN one quarter of a minute a dahlia 1[011
that is all purple can be changed, so
that every petal shall be tipped yellow.
This is simply done by burning some B
brimstone, and holding the llowers a surr
few seconds in the fumes. The change taius
is instantaneous; and where there was N. 1
no fancy-tipped dahlia, it astonished and
every body who did not know it and saw ai
the metamorphosis. Other flowers are Thim
subject to change by the fumes of brim. loop
stone, which discharges the color wher- they
ever it reaches. The experiment isthey
d easily tried by lighting a few lucier ad
is mitches.- American uOltivator. and
h FINE GIRMAN PUDbINo.--Pour half alo
half a pint of boiling milk upon one the
pound bread crumbs; beat up one-. un
quarter pound fresh butter to a cream; and
g add to it the yelks of ten eggs, wellr ak
beaten; drain the milk from the bread, Co
and add the bread, with one-quarter thei
pound pounded sugar and the grated ihil
F peel of a lemon; whip the whites of the Con
Sten eggs into a solid froth, and add them
the last thing; butter a cloth, and put Kill
t the pudding in, tying it loose, as it will had
swell out a good deal; plunge it into th
at boiling water; boll one hour. Some of
, persons add one-quarter pound jar rai- St.
t sins, slit and stoned. to
Ie Coar loses one-fifth by drying and call
0 wheat one-fourteenth. From this the run
ae estimate is made that it is more profita- bet
,t. ble for farmers to sell unshelled corn ina
ot the fall at 75 cents a bushel than at $1 It
ed a bushel in the following summer, and yir
)t. the wheat at $1.25 in December is equal bur
en to 41.50 in the succeeding June. In the for
et case of potatoes-taking those that rot and
,, and are otherwise lost, together with the ing
en shrinkage, there is but little doubt that
im between October and June the loss to thi
-. the owner who holds them is not less wal
d. than 33 per cent. he
ng A PRACTICAL Vermonter tells the me
aed American Ctlioator how to "burn a set
chimney out." He chose a rainy day. tak
There had so much soot accumulated A
tas that it made a very hot fire, but by giv- wa
ing only a little draught the burning was Fre
safely' performed. Although the day the
gW was still the fire roared like an engine, eni
ty, and red-hot cinders fell hissing upon int
of the wet roof, showing the terrible result ak
that would have followed had the chim* Th'
ort 'y taken fiBre on a dry and windy day. wl
h. To KEEP GRAPES.--Select nice fresh e
Sclusters, and cut the end of the stem me
i smooth, and dip into melted sealing st
e- wax; then put it in cotton batting; pack no
Sthem away in wooden boxes; keep them an
.p in a dry, cool place. In this way they B
will keep fresh all winter. Another su
y way-Take full bunches, ripe and per
I, feet; seal the end that is cut from the th
of vine so that no air can get in, or the h
w juice of the stem run out, and let them
1. stand one day after sealing, so as to be c
'ht sure they are perfectly sealed (if not g
; they will shrivel up); then pack in th
x boxes of dry sawdast, and keep in th
he cool place; they will keep nicely all m
Swinter without losing their flavor; in a
opacking, do not crowd the bunches; I
sprinkle the sawdast over the bottom of n
t the box, then lay the grapes carefully, a o
ovbunch at a time, all over the box, then
Ssawdust and grapes, alternately, until in
eo- the bo all.
oisBrrwln'g.
un- THnau mr some people to whom bor.
Srowing seems as natural as breathing;
to who might almost be said to make at
throfesionof it; whoappear to have a os
the eided preference for the goods with p
Swhich the gods proPe othaen; who are
inever so wll stied as when using the p
si- tools of another; who feel more secure i
ich, from'the assaulta of the weather under d
og another's umbrella, better mounted on
a friend's horse, better dressed in anoth- o
cr er's finery; who would sooner borrowa a
la book than read their own; who might d
io: naturally be supposed to hanker after b
able nother man's shoes. It does not by any a
mersasollow that the ready borrower Is t
itel-a the willing lender. Farmer n
eal- lohenoughmay have used his neigh- a
g. bor's harnessaslo as it would hold
ool- together, but if it hinted that he
aest should make a retura with his new
he plow, he bebginsto feel as If some inm
amsitonwere being practiced upon him; c
JBt~r the rihtimeinhis life, perha he
Sbegi to look through the spe es of
the lender. There Is the person who a
wa borrows of youa in order to be on inti- a
ding mrte terms; the one who borrows only
he to oblige, not to seem superior to hs
r neighbors; he who borrows car tickets
p sa postage stamps--things too trilling I
to make in impresdion on his robust in- ]
telleet; who diamages whatever is lent
0 him, and pays no attention to the fact;
m oes fo will bring your horse home lamed, t
Sasifthat were the normal condition of 1
ruce horses, return your umbrella with bro
" ken ribs, our books with inger-prints i
peand pncl-marks. The borrower has
ti usually a bad memory, and a worse I
e-conscience: the fact of his being ob- i
se in iged to borrow at all arises generally
from improvidence, a lack of fore-i
a, thoughtoranabuseof hisownproperty; I
is ad he who takes no care of his own I
sl- will hardly be scrupulous in the care of .
iuha aanother's. In the mean time we en
and counter not only those who borrow your
oer Dsonal effects and y'our househo'd
Iwho lites, b t your opinlons, your witti
e cisms, which they kindly pass off as
tce g i O ih" neve' tidnk of think
iealn ia for themselves at all," since it is so
rvi- Z"nch easier to dopt somebody else's
--- thgts. with the advantage of not
Seig expected toeturn them. Doubt
It s t. borrowr was sent into the
ool- world todieipUe those hoom his trieks
_,b I y s ~ , .ltn e aad it is brel. pos
oiU- I ht ii f Wtt- l the good bouse
_ ebpeir? am t wtungatm mes by the
mlong mII.  6of some "os ses -
le d the better management of their friends.
-iarper's Base
Our Young Folks. man ai
side :u
BABY'S FIRST WALK ALL ALONE. lPhilipl
"L Co l. my baby, all alule!" 111rI1e I
Was so llong a baIy-journey ever known? 'l'ThI
All the wiay, so wide and l I,,r, ti ;l so
From the tabl to the chsir;
11'i no wondller'; he should linger l('tl0 I
H lIding intu p:apa's linger, ""C
Though his nither beckons there young
I 'lrll he' 1" throne,
With,Cme, "C, baby, all aonel" he slht
SThe
t " Comel. ly 1mby, all abilon!" tw
Were such minglel loubt acud daring ever
slihown; ter atln
1 Naw h' drcop hit hold, andtl then thrlce
Closer chlli o to it 1"tilln hit ,&
N~iw lie stp ut t , witih a thivTr. it
As one trio, , rapid riv'r,. frirhtl
And shrlilnks back, anld wonders whoa, Kiljbu
Tal5 ler ,a.rown,
Baby 11sh1ll go all alone. hadl s
Santd lits
S " Here comes IoIy, all alone'." knw
0 Was a more vicetr~w;oll bravery avc r known? tlihll.
Itight a(.ra)u the traickle=" .piea takcll
The small ftet have, won their race;
I And he t.,s s back |thlrealt'a
r Such at peal If ringing laIughlltr: throtul
It laughs out farol every face, burn il
Proud1, awn. to oel
i" lhby Ihas g.le all alonle!." to (
Sflack goes baby all alone. quartL
t Oh what inches. all at oncel, has baby grownl
Ir ack awl f'rth, with meurry erie., that J
like i little bird he tti.s: of the
First to fat hir, then to mother, the In
'Then to sister. thnl to brother.
GOreting e:ech with laughing eyes. Of s:'
Bravely l o': .TI
b Shout for ialoy, every one!
S-G- orUe S. lhurleiilti, i 1N lu serl. said
- -.o_.· _ - the lei
HOlW TIHE SETTLEIIS OF WALPOLE tCii
o EFENDED THIEMSELVES. strike
" BEAUTIFUL the green meadows, the but t
a surrounding hills and the distant moun- but ti
e tains forming the landscape in Walpole, .
N. H., which Colonel Benjamtin el lows the si
d and John Kilburn gazed upon on the Iurna
I banks of the Connecticut River in 174. the burn
" They had built their log houses with the br
1- loop-holes in the walls through which rest,
r. they could lire upon the Indians in case
s they were attacked. Though peace guns,
Shad been agreed upon between France eieC
and England, the people who lived was I1
along the frontier felt no security, for Oi
the French in Canada were continually then.
e urging the Indians to commit depreda- ear, I
e tions on the English. It was a short oiji
and easy journey from Crown Point, on giant
Lake Champlain, to the valley of the to
Connecticut, and the Indians who sold
their furs to the French were frequent Jhen
visitors to the settlements along the tile
m Connecticut. loadi
m One of the Indians who visited John l
Ut Kilburn was called Captain Philip. He an
had been baptized and christened by o
the Jesuit priests at the Indian villageI Iidis
6e of St. Francis, on the banks of tie the r
St. Lawrence, half-wav from Montreal
to Quebec. The St. lrancis tribe were
called Christian Indians. There were sa
rumors that war would break out again A
a between England and France. Beore buroof
war was declared hostilities began.
S1 It was in the spring of 175a that Cap
ldain Philip made a visit to John Kil- .hl
al burn's house with some beaver skins the
he for sale. lie wanted powder, bullets
'ot and flints for pay. While he was trad- harn
he ing, Captain Philip was running his ullt
tat eyes over the house, looking at the thro
to thick timbers, the loop-holes in the ther
a walls. When he had finished his trade
he visited the other houses in the settle
he ment. lie was kindly treated. The Oo
a settlers never mistrusted that he was o
y. taking observations for future use. arol
ed Aurust came. The settlers heard that thi
iv- war lad be un, and knew that the g
ras French and Indians might be upon te
lay them at any moment. They strength- dthe
me, ened their block-houses. No one went. dea
ton into the field to work alone. They Ie
slt always carried their guns with them. e
m. They had some fait hful watch-dogs ,.
sy. which always growled when Indians bur
wsh vere about. There were nearly forty hav
em mei in the settlement. They were
ing stout-hearted, and were determined
tck not to be driven out by the French Ind
em and Indians. They appointed Colounel the
ey Bellows to be thleir leader. le had a
her i suspician that Indians were about. "u
or. "We muist have aupply of meal, so C
the that in case we are attacked we shall
the have something to eat," he said. rep
cm The settlers tilled each a bag with b
be corn, shonlldered them, and then, in sin
not gle file, each man carrying his gun,
a thev had erected, ground the corn into
all meal, shouldered the sacks once more.
in and started homeward, their faithful 1
es; watch-dogs trotting in advance, paying pe
of no attention to squirrels or partridges, thi
or game of that sort. str
Suddenly the dogs came back, growl- cle
ntil ing, the hair on their backs in a ruff. If,
"There are Indians about. Throw p
down your sacks." said Colonel Bel- is
lows. hit
The men threw their sacks on the gu
bore ground, dropped into the ferns, and go
img; looked to the priming of their guns. e
ke a The ferns were tall, and completely be
re a concealed them. Colonel Bellows sts- hat
with pected that the Indians had laid man ha
are ambuscade at a narrow place in the mi
th path which they tnust pass. Lie crept ma
ure slowly forward to see what he could da
ader discover, careful not to break a twig or to
I on l make any noise. He crept to the top p
"oth* of a little hill, peeped throughtheferns, th
w a and discovered a great number of In- fu
iight dians, nearly two hundred, crouching to
fter behind trees,'or Iying on the ground, jo
anmy waiting for the white men to enter the th
r Is; trap. Hie made his way back to his he
mer men, issued hisorders in a whisper, and tr
igh- all crawled through the ferns toward WI
hold the Indians till they were only a fewc i
he rods from them. pl
new All were ready. Every man sprang qt
inm to hlis feet, and yelled as loud as he w
him; could, "Hi-ya hi-ya!" it was a terrific uK
s, he howl.
es of Th next moment not a settler was to A
who seen; all had dropped upon the ground, st
intil and were concealed by the ferns. s
only In an instant every Indian was on his x
s his feet, firing his gun, but hitting nobody. oh
,kets i There wasanansweringlHash from the
ifling ferns, each settler taking aim, and the si
st in- I ndians sprang into the air, or fell head- m
lent ·long before the bullets.
fact; The red men outnumbered the set- hl
med, tiers five to'one, but were so astounded at
n of by the surprise that, picking up the st
bro wounded, they made a hasty retreat w
rints into a: swamp, and the settlers made all an
r has haste to their block-house, anticipatiig t
rorse an attack. Not one of them had been Ii
Sob- injured. E
rally This body of Indians was a part of a P
fore band of more than three hundred, led
erty; I by Captain Philip, who had come from e
I own I ~bada with the expectation of wiping h
re of out the settlements along the Conneet -
e en- cut, and of returning to Canada with
your many prisoners and no end of scalps.
hod' It was at the pleasantest season of the h
witti ye:ar. The wodes were full of game, t~
1ff as aud with the provisions they would get a
think- in the settlements which they intended a
is so to destroy they would have an abun- e
else's dance of food.
Inot Captain Philip, with the rest of the It
kbt- Indians. was creeping stealthily through "
D the the woods towardJohn Kilburn's house. d
triks Mr. Kilburn and his son John, Mr. ,
,uP'~ Pike and his son, were out in the field I
reaping wheat, their gunseloseat hand. t
bythe Mr. ilburn had trained his dog to f
sac- ,Cour the woods, and the faithful ani
talso mal ever had his eyes and ears open, '
thoe andwtvas snilting the wind if a wolf or I
o d beIr was about. On this afternoon in
i ' August the dogr came runuing in with
isds. his hIair in a ruff, and growling.
, tndians," sid Mr. Kilburn. The
men and boys soized their r
Sthe house, and ul jut time tl, .i
side and bar the dolr whotI , :tl I
S hili and nearly two hundred 14 1
at l so did ' tl't an Phili,, trlh 1 c
(amUti near entui gh to talk. 'bh
"Come out, old John! ome
young John! I give you good
lhe shauutel. y god gart
Therei were only the tio nme
two hoyS. Mir,. hillmurna d her d
ter and f, 11'u chlihiren, in the hIleu
thri'c hutnd,,d Indians attacki thh
hut ,Johni Kilburn was nit in the
frirhtend -nit he. NOeither ,a
Kilburn, nor hier sonl or d:auhter
had se\'er:d extr: guns; :1. liil
and her ihuighhter knlew howlto
them. 'lhe would rather dietl be
taken prisouerss. The lndiane h
cantnon, and their bullets would not
through the stout tiimbters . (Oh
burning the house would they heab
to get in.
"( Get you gone, you rascal, or 1
quarter vou!" was the delant alnr
that John Kilburn shouted throulla o
of the loop-oles to Captain ilip, n
the latter went hack to the dark 'r1
of savages, who se(t up the war.w S
"They veil like so mant devi
said John Kilburn; but he rwas ,t
the least disturbed by the howlinjo
Then the bullets began to co
through the shingles oil the roof, n
strike against the timber,.
e The Indians surrounded the ho,
but there were loo,-holes on each side,
SMr. Kilburn and Mr. Pike tool twnd r
the sides, and the two boys the ot5hen t
e lanrg! bang! went the guns of Mr. I4
"burn and Mr. Pike. Bangl hangi wq
11 the boys' guns. They could fire aA
.h rest, and take deliberate aim. The a.
se dians could not see the muzzles of the
ge guns, and the moment one of the rd
1 Imen peeped from behindatreehihsi
ad was il danger.
or One by one they fell, which enrp
ly them all the more, and they cept near.
a- ear, firing rapidly, riddling the shinle,
4 hoping, quite likely, that abulletrlt
In glance down front the roof aW it
those inside.
ol " The roof looks like a sieve;l" aid
nt John Kilburn, as he looked up andnw
the holes.
Mrs. Kilburn and her daughter were
hn loading the extra guns the while, i
ie handintg them to the men and bhor
by who kept up such a rapid fire that ih
Indians came to the conclusi that I
le there were a large number of men in
the house.
re " We shall soon be out of bullt,"
said Mrs. Kilburn.
tr A thought came: Why not catchthe
bullets that were coming through the
ire roof? The balls had nearly spent their
force wheln they came through, and
I they hung p a blanket with thiit
fohls, which stopped thementirely;and
ns the irl, gatha ring them as they tll
l harmlessly upon the floor, put them
into a ladle, melted them and ran ap
the bullets, which soon were whimas
the through the air, and doing damage to
ue the enemy.
e All through the afternoon the igh
goes on, the Indians aiming at the el
holes. Their bullets popper the lo
around them. One comes in andti
hict dets a ghastly wound in Mr. )itke'
thC thigh, but the Indians do not know it,
ao a, the brave defense is kept "p fil
Pon the Indians, foiled in all their cror
nt. defeated, with several of their punte
dead and many wounded from the tt
e leys fired by Colonel Bellows wns hi
lmen, and by those in the house, etk4
ls Kilburn's wheat on fire, kill hisctill
t bury their dead mid slink aw*y, i
tr having taken a scalp or apron t
e Theyv h'ave only wounded one nut
el W4hen everything goes well with
Indian he can be very brave, but w
id a the tide is against him hie quickly
courage and becomes disheartened, t
so Ca)aptain P'hilip made his way bic1
hll Canada, very mtuch crestfal:len at t
repulse lhe had received at tihe hands
th two men, a woman, l two boys ad
ith mlve-hearted girl.-Charles V.
Sin lBrper's 'oung Peoyle.,
into A Truly flospttable pesAh
ful THE Belians are the only ol60
ing people still remaining in Eurpe;
ges, think nothing of asking u,
stranger to join their iaiil
owl- cle on a five minutes' acqlta
I. If, therefore, a traveler steps ha t
row lace where a wedding or earitl
Bel- Is going on, it generally tlep
himsel whether hle will be one
the guests or not. Not long au
and goneto bed at a Belgian innWha
uns. heard a resolute knoo ih aYc h
'tely ber door, and soaWee
stas- laughing girls outside.' t
I an half-past eleven p.m., andlt
the much wondering what coultl
ret matter. The landlord had  at
o daughter and some of her young
igor to ask if I would join in std
topilgrimage they were albttt* im
ems, the shrine of a neighboriot) '
I In- fulfillment of a preomtle tey
h to a deceased relative. Itgo,
sn joined their party, and it rm
ir the the jolliest lpilgrimage I eve h
a his heard o.We waked alougS
,and try roads by starlight'. :. ''O
ward which were not of a
Sfew character, and when we ai
plished the object of our nss a
qrag quaint old chapel where th
a he worshiped, we wanderedo t tOS
urrific uresque village and ate
fresh butter with sonsme ae asel
ra to As we returned bytrahit il
and, summer morning, the wo le e t
seemed to have adopted meiflt i
a his connection, and th reatd3
body. one of themselves.
mthe The D)uchy of Luxembou' hi
, the sible, still more patriarchal
head- manners of its people and t
know was invited y some |
a set- had never seen before to prs ti
mded at their chateau. What is pe
p the stranger is that he wet, W i
etreat well received, and that th i
de all acuainatane thus formnc
tatiug to be mutually satishfactrY
been isnow by far the sh
Europe, except some t the
tofa parts; and it lelguflit or '
tOled of Luxembouf! the f.rtr ',
from excellent, whereas m Its,1
riPn have to live on maCronln
ne--London 'rutl.
ps THE hard.worked ePlsk
of the handlle so many huge trk
ame, these busy fall days, a
dge t zar, might be glad tog kp hot
ended of two wealthy young
a bun- eled in Europe. Witdll
gle shawl-strap theyeeo
Se baggage during a fivDe
,rgh one hand parcel9 and alat J
house d'hote or in traveling. d
a Mr well dresssed and press
efeldly how it was doneit WOit 3 tb
hand. to describe, bit it was do
log to fact that the tour of u
ul ni- made by a lady, alwsh s
Swith the aid of oniy one "'klllnf
o rfo ha light hand bag. is ....
n in wi Lorinces' ise Loll' say
d,,esn't dislike Ctiada, and 1nte
The retturn soo0.