O 1'1" I IIC .\I
Paper ofthc Parish and City oflNlltliitoches
,IJAS. II. COS(ROVE, • Editor.
Sws.'I... - - ATIEST, 1, 1`77.
The End of Civil Law.
There is onle ld lfeatuire in tihese Mel
Northern railroad riots, which
ion,
have been quite genelr;tl in that thi,
''larw abidi j(?) sf'tiol for days
past, and that onee bad feature is i,.
the unconstitutional call for, and tlio
use of the United States army. tita
Although the strikes were wide t"rO
spread along the line of railroads, I hi
they were simplnly local distm'urha; - v
hns
ee. which did not call for ail ex- lil
asperating exhiiition of armed n li
State Militia even. The conflict l)ei
to a certain point, was one be- a
tween employers and employees, ot
condulcted by muioral force on citli- ain
er side. The railroad magnates, "w
as usual, were beaten in the con
test, and appealed to the State On
authorities for help. t111
And ftir what purpose ?
To re-enforce themselves with
the physical power of' the ('om- r
non wealths in order to intimuidat e
and over-awe their star' ing em- ti
ployees into obledience of a man- Ii
date they claimed would starve go
them and their families CO
These Governors swiftly answer- S:
ed the call of their Kings, and a
the spectacle was presented of r
the civil at;ihorities being the fo- I
mentors Jf riot and tumult; for er
we ,nrnteI.1, and a study of the i
incidents ill show that all the
blood-shed was caused by the i)
foolish display of the State sol. r
diers-ai: ye sore and a mcnace ar
to any people horn of American S(
patriots.
As might have. been expected, V
these regiments of "ycomaii in
fattry" served but to exasperate q'
and madden, while a simple mag- t0
cstrate would have peacefully cr
quieted the disturbance, and pro- .t
tected, as well as settled, the St
rights of all, lawfully and legally. '.
Even after the failure of tile
idiotic "militia policy" of the tl
Governors, why did they not re- t
sort to those peaceful measures IF
which from the first, would have if
saved trouble and blood-shed ? st
Then camie the demand for g
United States troops by the Gov- v,
ernors of several of these States, nI
and then to prompt furnishing of tl
them by the President.
The Constitution provides, that
in case of "invasion or domestic fi
violence," the Governors can call
for United States troops. A imob c
is not, nor can it ever be constru- I
ed into "domestic \violence," and I
this "domestic violence" mllust be
equal to an "invasion." It must
be more than a mob); it must Ibe
more than an attack on a "freight
(1depl)ot," or a "ron0 d house," or a
hundred of themn for that mllatter',
for the only "dlomestic violence" I
contempl)lated by the Constitution I
is, an armed aindtl organized at
tack upon the lpnter and authori
ty of the State gou'rftent, with a
view to its orerthrow and distrue
tion. D)id the rioters at lIalti
more, at Pittsburg, at Chicnago,
contemplate the distruction ot the
autononmyof the State of M3aryland,
Pennsylvania; or Illinoise f Cer
tairrly not.
These outbreaks, when they
eren rose to the Ilmaglnitude of ri
ots, were simply local disturban
ces which it was tlhe duty, as it
certainly was within the power of
the State authorities to suppress.
The contirmned called upon the
(G;overnment for troops to police
States is at variance with repuli
can ideas, and must stop. There
has been too mudch of it of late
years, and we must believe, that
when a riot assumes such propor
tions as that tile entire State au
thorities and power canlnot sup
press, there is somethinig behind,
which all thle armies of the Union
cannot correct, though they may
diserse it.
iitrier the eltd of civil go\verIn
mnct in the States of this Union
has b.ce reahede, or else this
exhibition o' the lUnitedt States
iarmy as Stato police, is an otrage
niot to be strianitted to in silence.
A Mr. Morris, pliaoter, near St. Jo
seph, Tensas Parish, La., accidentally
Siscovered what lhe.calls ai cli ap and
cffective means of destroyimg the co
con grass. It is to sprinkle coal oil
(that in its crude state is best), on time
grass out of aim ordinary watering pot
putting it on so that about five or
tix drops will be on each stem that
goes down to the outs in thle ground'.
'rlhe'best time to. put it on is when the
grass is perfectyir dry, free fromt rain
water and dew. WilU some one try
, .Ml relport the result.
SNew Party.
The Pless of our Metropolis are on Cu
the ihunt f, r the "Hnew party," tllhat Cite
de .igning men and astute political or t\
t icksters endeavor to sp ing on the
". Ipeoplle every year or so. Our city lows
journals have one and all failed to TI
Sfind this ''Iightfil monstelr," and we John
venture to say that Gen. O()gden, G(;o. from
McEnery, 1)r. Biruns and lion. E. the (
looth, expressed the views and opin- now
Sions of fully 9!99 per cent of the rela
at thinking people of the Slate, of R
The idea of a new party is Simply logg'
i preplosterous, and has head only with C:
Id those whose standing, both as to ree- desii
tit|ude and brains, disqualify them ell to
it, from leadership o pro0'inencc in the the
s, nDemocratic oiganization. No one nilo
ever hears of a "new party" w\hen the New
eenemy is up1on na,1 and their arned toll,
hosts darken the land. Then it is in tl
ell that the cry goes up from all fo the wli(
let I)enmocraey to save them from ruin hat
re- and slavery. Who ever heard any ''tal
CS, one talking of the "old line W'ligs" Lo
ti- and of reviving their dead issues Ogd
s, when Kellogg sat on the neck of Lou- sort
isiana, like the old man of the sea. Lac
On the contrary, the DI)emocracy must tent
make the fight, and perchance whenl ad
the victory is won, we hear some hog
growler going around dist acting the (
ith general rejoicing with his discontent sicl
11- cry of "new party 'ing
a t l) Does any sane man suppose that II
I ithe planting interest of this colntry fore
an- will suler a hioime brood of dema- aitd
rye gognes to rouse up the now quiet and and
conltenited neglo laiore'r, into another C
- season of "' to 7' frensv ? IflthIey l
l do, they are badly mistaken. Here- hot
O after the political opinion of the ne. spo
gro wvill lie snugly side by side with Atn
to- his best inlterests, that of his employ- for
for er. "Forty acres and a Mule" is bad- hiil
thle 1 played out. The colored man has lie
the quit "raising hell," and gone to "rais
the Iing cotton" for his pocket money and
ol. bread and meat for hlimself, his wife I
ace and clhildren, and we glory in his inc
can spunk for so doing. in
People up this way are going to of
vote aidajnct very mIuch alike. That p!
ted, which is to the white moan's interest the
u- is to the black man, and rice rersai. Iv
i-ate The Republican party is dead, and for
lag.- the D)emnoeraey survives, simply be
illy cause the laws of "nature and of Na- in;
pro- tures God, it is fittest; and being op
the such, it is good enough for all with- un
illy. out any "new party." an
-t... - tiel
h August Istbeing lhe day on which t
the that portion of the game law relative
t re- to the killing of deer, permits their po
ores being chased and killed, every person fi,
ave in this city who coul provide hintm- '
self with a destructive weapon, has in
for gone forth to the woods to take ad- cl
Nov- vantage of the occasion. Early this fai
mtes, mnorlilg criowds were gathering at 'E
g o tlthe icadl of St. )eniis street, somre tit
arimedl for tile chase, others who were ,
probably not so fortunate as to have i
that gunns, were satisfied to take their ci
stic tfishing poles, determined on a day's
cnll sport of somte kind, those others, how- ra
iob crver, did niot neglect to take their sh
stm- 'orns, altlhoughill tlhey were not oni tlhe it
'hn t liit . On account of the very hot
t weather, we predict for te fislher
tmani a Imuch- miore pIleasant tile tlhan
for the slayers of the decr. lHowever,
st ie all iparties left Ilere this tmorninig gay l
aight and hlappy. Further lparticulars on t
o wr 11 1hir return thlis cverninig.
Itter, L.\Trre.--No such forlorn looking o
nee' party Ilas entered thlis place since ri
ntion Iatiks' army on its returni fi-om tn ans- oI
1 at- fiehl, as that very lihunting party who
lori- ret urned this evening from thleir inef
itl a fectlual attempt to enjoy tlhe rights and p
privileges granted theii, by our noble
legislature. We can only guess at n
lti- the success of thie hunt by thei re,
eago, marks of some of thle participators ,
It the such as "d--n thie galme law, lwhatL's s
hand, the use giving a fellow permisiou to tl
Cer- kill a deer unless you furnish him c
with thie deer to kill."
they Its no better tlihan our hog law pass
r ri- ed hIere at homne by our own Police
Jnry-- why thle City Council could
Lbeat it, &c., &e. t
,a it As to the fishing party no disaster |
ver of or bad hIck could defeat tlheir sport,
)ress. weknow tlhemn. Suppose the catchlt
the mast have been good and hope thley
wolice were able to colte back to tihe usual
epnli- song dcnoting hilarity, entitled "''Girls c
frCr wont you go," &c., &c.
f Ilte Sonime "sublime ass," whlo certainly
,that deertves a miedal made of leather, is
ropor- trying to imake a political questiont
,te au- of the "hog Inaw." Tlte fool killer
t sup- would do a lively business in this
itid, section for a few weeks.
jniot ----. . .
'I'The United States Army, usedll
Ileretofore to crlshl liberty in the
South, Ihas gone to thle loyal State of
Pentisylvania to pIt ldown "lawvless
hness" among the citizens of the North
t whlo lind time to expatiate on every
tates one'ssius but tiheir own. Where, in
trige God's namie, is Znck Chandler ?
.nce.. -- -- o-- -
Jamtes G., he of blaine, would do
t. Jo well to repent his cotquest-of-Canada
ntally speech to the l'ittsburgers; it strikes
Snud I they would rather like it.
he co- o,-- -.
ii oril Hordraufts Iuzzars hustled: out of
m the Pittsburg at the firing of the first
Ig pot brickbat by the mob. These are tlthe I
ye or the heroes thatb were going to
lti conme down on Louisiiana like an
ound. avalauce of mudI because we would
en tle not swallow Packard.
rain
ra iSubscribe to the PEOPLES VYIN
DICTOI.
Nice Man.
>n Collector King, whom some ot the
ºt city press lauded to the skies a month lr
al or two since, as an honest Republican, Ir
ie has shown his hand, as all those fel- ical :
lows usually do.t al
to The missing Auditol's books, which neigl
re Johnson, Packard's Auditor, stole inen
v. from the State House, were traced to ed tl
E:. the Custom IHouse by the Committee of iII
u- now engaged in making inquiries in Wise
ie relation to the allicial short-comings the i
of RIadicals, and other otficers of Kel- ;irgii
ly ogg's rePime. for 1
th Collector King was profuse in his matt
'- desire to see all righted he iIromiis- of to
In ed to do all lie could, would not allow mixi
lie the books, contained in boxes, re- save
no moved, and in connection with the is, &
he New Orleans Times' man, Jack Whar- very'
id ton, U'nited States 1M:rslial, indulged Wi it
is in that quantity and quality of gab put
he which every Radical has ready to chile
lin hand out as cheap virtue, and as a get
"ny 'take iiin" for New Orleans idiots. be a
,s" Lo! and behold, Attorney General ing
es Ogden, who is not one of tlie gullable nine
n- sort, informs U. S. District Attorney Aga
n. Lacey, that "a portion of the con- brin
Ist tents, perhaps all of the four boxes and
en had left the Custom house in a large that
Inc hogslead." let
le Of course, Collector King being All
t such a nice IRepubltican, knows noth- chil
ing of this surreptititins removal. abo
iat flow long will it be, ye Gods, Ile- for
try fore our people learn that he who thei
ia- aids, abets and associates with thieves efit
d aitl out-laws are no better tihan they. pier
her Collector King is simply an office- 1IS
iey hunter, who knows no principle or to i
re- honor which is not measured in the lkn
ne. spoon that feeds him. lie is Tonm at
itl Anderson's friend, and that is enough to I
oy- for any decent Louisianan. It stamps
adl- him at once with the flock with whom are
his lie consorts. anm
iiis- No Forgiveness. pre
rife It is strange what excuses those wh
his men, who were but recently engaged de;
in plundering the people of Louisiana frt
Sto of their property, render foir their hli
'hat past conduct, and upon what grounids co
rest they demand, and with a vehemence qua
rso. worthy of a better cause, immunity at
and for past offences. thi
be- Their patent apology for plunder- goi
Na- ing, is the right of holding 'political em
ing opinions" and of its enjoyment even ra
ith- unto filching their opponents pocket, I
and when brought to bay at last, th;
they cry out, "it is inhuman to at- Ire
Iick tack a fallen foe." ni
tive For ten years these men ran riot in tll
heir power. No scheme was too degrading an
rson for them, so that it lead to pl11nder. (i'1
'inl- Muirder, rapine and disorder followed
has in their train. Property was inse- a
ad- cure -they took by tax, or when that Pl;
this failed, by force, what they desired.
t Every protest, remonstrance and pc
m tition of the virtue, intelligence aid be
I ipriperty of the State were rudely
iave anid insultinugly unhoeded; and, back
heir cd by the power of the United States n
ay's go)vcrnment, its army and navy, the In
i0o radical party of Louisiana rode rough
ei shod over everythinig that opposed at
the its foul march.
hot. Did any of these fellows thinik for f
er- a moment of a fallenI foe Iwhen in the Ic
than zenith of their piwner andi debauch ? a
vCr, Not at all! T'hen was tihe timne to
gay have rliacticed that sublime doctrine iu
Son they now so vehemently preach! i
when at last ne have come by our P
own, and when any of these past
once robbers are charged witih heinions
lans- offence cominmitted against our proper
ty and our persons they taunt us withli
ief- want of "magnanimity" in niot rcs
s and pecting a vanquised enemy.
e In ordinary events, wiLh an ordi- a
s at nary enemy, suech argument might
e re with satisfaction be used. But in a
ators war, such as we have waged against
lhl's such tremendous odds and for a cause
i to that lies deeper than the skimmed
hiim cant of the mouther or the scribbler,
such appeals are not to be heeded.
pass- While civilization-its virtue, its
'olice talent and its wealth were all in the
ould scale engaged in mortal combat with
the demon of Radicalism, all over the f
maste- South. Those who aided and abetted i
iport, it must suffer its sins and odium, and
catch their chlildren and childret's chil
they dren will be taunted to the end of
usual time as the offsprling of renegades
'Girls or villains !
No mocking appeal for mercy to al
aily fallen foe can avail the radical bum
, is mier of Louisiana now. They sowed
t the wind they must reap its bitter
kille fruits.
this Society has no statutory laws
whereby it can punishi its enemies.
'Thle Great God has fixed a law of
uset nature to meet these extraordinary
. tle occurrences. Social degradation, ti e
Lteof finger of virtuous scorn, the taunt of
vless- the faithful, is the sentence piassed
North upon those fiends. be they of high
every manor birthl or coming as aliens, who
.r, inhave worked our poverty and dese
cratedl our alters.
If they like not the law, the world
is wide, let them hio hence.
aUnda Ben Harrison, of Indiana, and Presi.
trikes dent Hayes have had a conference
within the last few days, and infereti
co is that the President will hereafter
recognize Ben as the leader of the
party in Indianna, nnml ignore Sitting
Sfirst Bull. May the eight-to-seven noose
e the encircle the old neck ofO 0. P., and
Sto erase political trickery and demagog
ism from the State, is our prayer.
w on Cynthiana Democrat.
T1:e Dltnocrats of Ohio have de
clared against "internal improve
VIN.- ments by the government." Got all
they tant, yoa ace.
. .'o .....ll tit1.. a r.
Mixed Schools.
I 1r Edituor :
I rend your last week's leader ''"Rd
ical Moan for Mixed Schools," to sev
etal freedmen of intelligence in this
º neighllorhood, among theni one em
inent preacher, and each one, declar
I ed that they did not desite a mixing E
( of the races ill the schools nor other- 8
1 wise. One man said that Blunt was
the only inegro in the parish who was
- ;rgig the black 'people to '"standnl up -
for tllheir ights," about Ihis school
Smatter. No, sir, nine freedmen out I
of tell, would vote to-tn oi'iow against '. A
ii ixed schol,, and none of their race 1.
save such5 villains as the Illnits, Lew
is, & e., are in favor of the systeiii. A sa
Svery Rev. colored Divine said to the '
I wi ter this morning, "''thliat if you has
3 put the white children land the black t
i) chihilen together, the whittes would 'i
t get all the learn'ing, for they would
b. he always whipping, kicking, stamp
1 ing andti scaring the black one so
e much that they could not learn. JU[
y Ag:in, this sort of treatment would
- ring on a collision betw een the races
s anld 1 hat' would become of us, no ll'
e that the troop are taken alrr!l. No, no, l
let us lav'c schliools, but nio iixture. I
g All we ask is the educntion of our Irat
- chil'dren, and that must )e brought 11
about by the imotn' of the white man, to i
for the frieedmen pay no taxes, and th
1 therefore cannot aid ill this great beln- -,rl
clit to ou' race. I like very much the cg
y" piece you have jnst read from the A
c- VINDti'ATon, and it is best to let well -
ir to do alone, for the first thing Blunt
is knows, we will have no public schools 0.
m at all, and the freedmen are too poor
il to pay fnr private schools." 0.
'"s 'Now, the above well spoken word
111 are the true sentiments of the negroes, 0,
and they are satisfied with their
present status, and it therefore be
cotIIwe$ oar solttemn ditty, as citizens 1
se who love peace and order, and who till
rev
ed desire the ignorant and degraded s;il
na freedman elcratllJ, rather than fi.r 1P1
sir hin to rcmai.n in his present debased thi
ds condition, to call upon Blunt and re- t
cc quest hiii quietly to leave this parish thi
ty at oce, on the grounds of his Ibeing a
thief, a common villain and a dan (
cr- gerons, hypocritical preacher (?) and liv
:al enemy to both the white and black '
en races of the parish.
t, Blunt's doctrilne to the negro is, of
st, that uiecd schools will be the enteringy
at- (c't( le to social rqltltlilt, andtl a final -
anlgllamation of the 'ra'ces. Now, that
in they have political tights he thinks,
g 1and tell them, tlhat those of secirlI
cr. equalityi, must and will follow. of
ed In conclusion, snifer me to refei for sfr
se- a moment to Lincoln's liepublicant
iat platform in which hlie declared, that
ed. this was a (h'ile mant's yorcrn men t, and
should always remain so. tut it is 5
i best to give Mr. Lincoln's own wvords. t
elyIe said :o
"I am not. not ' never have been in
c favor of Iliakin g voters or Juror's of
tes negroes, nor of qualifying tlhem to
tle hold ollice, no intetrmarnrying theii
igi withi whlite people, and I will say in
s addition to this, that there is a !'lly
sc.st. lIt:".~RENcE between tile white
and Iblack races, which I believe, wiill
forl' fobid thle tlro r'ces li'ri, toqether oni
the tIrms of social anld political ecqllitly
h and. inhasmuch as they can not so live,
while the y do renaiu togethlier, there I
u to must he a position of superior and ti
iie inferior, and I, as much as any other I'
ch! imant, am in favor of having the sn.
oir 'perir position assigned to the whlite a
race.'
tEvery whrite man in the parish andI e
) State desires the education of the
1er- t a
black childrCIIn, bultLt the same time t
the proud soul of every Louisianian
recoils back with instinctive horror
Sat the bare idea of social equality a
thing a tlloulsand regiments of Blunts
will never bring about, only over the
a0 R
Sldestrnction of the virtue, honor and
st chivalry of the entire white race of t
ue the South. I
nmed A CITIZEN.
S In the Woods of Nevada.
its A hook agent of this city has just
Sreturned from tihe Boney Lake cotn
try. The agent one day stopped at
aith acabin situated in the edge of the
thle foot-hills. Before reaching thie cabin
tted about a dozen dogs of assorted sizes
and unrecognizable breeds started up
and from under stunteld pines or came
:lil- running from sheds about the place,
d of yelpilg and barking like a pack of
ades coyotes. InII tile wake of tile dogs
swarmed forth seven or eight bare
headed, flaxen-haired childrenl, plain
to a lv all one breed-the forest breed.
um- [Tiie juvteniles were followed by a
iwed gallt, aNtlrOll-COt plexioned womlan
tterof about forty. By cooking for many
ytears before an open fii'eplace, she
had become as etffectually smoke-cur
laws (ed as any herring.
S To the woman who thus appeared
S the agent made known his business.
' "Wall, stranger, I'm afeerl yer
nary come to the wrong place, ef yer got
,tl e nothiln' but books to sell. Ef yer
It ofhad some pIowder or caps, or suthin'
ts in the amernition line, yer mnight sell
some to my ole man. As fer books,
high stranger, we're not much on the read
who hyar."
ese- "Could I see your husband, ma'am 1"
asked the book agent.
"Wall, stranger, I reckon yer could
orld cf yer was whar hle was; lie's big
enough to see, Lord knows."
''lie's not at home, then 7"
'resi "Strange(r, he's not at home."
'ehco "Will hie be likely to return soon 7"
Crea- "Can't say, stranger; hIe's a little
after onsartin."
the "Which way has lie gone 7 I may
Iting meet hini somewhere in the settle
ioose Inent,"
andi ""I reckon not, stranger; he's gone
gog- out huntin'.?'
er.- "Gone out ihunting! What do you
mean by that ?"
"Wall, stranger, ihe tuck down the
de- gun this mornin', and from a wink
bo- e gave me as he started away, I
calkerlate he's gone off somewhers to
lt all bang a sheep or two."-Virgiuia, Ne
vada, Eutcrprlse.
1'ICr1TUL1ES! `'l,
We i'o ill positively close our IId
PHOTO(>r( APH GALLERY' '1
j ,''on A'T'l)AY, AUiUST 11, 1,77. (r
Those wishing first cla4ss Pictures ,0's
-are nspectfhlly inlvitcd to call at
SJOIHS, T(ON & KNUTS ON,
PIIOToGRAPIIIST . ra
01
NOTICE.
T1'Il1 pubjlic is enotified ot ll t trade i 1(1
Paris.h W riant No. 41, is.ut'd in tavor of a
V..\. I. arr't ill 1, 47 , for th, fisca:l ytar
1ti75, for 11 sil of Fifty Dollars. t
Also tlh foliovilgirý W;arranlt,, Ns. 51,
.1-I, 5i, also issued1 in iav; 'r of rr" i I:rt y,
5:1111Ldate, for tile s1t.m of TWtilvn -ti\ e
dT oll:irs.
Ihas 14e44n 1i:idl4 to IIhave h114' Famrie 4nliltia l
to 1. The VWarrants '.are of no l ,llt ex-r 11
r lpt to the Inllhrsigli!, l, and til ' finhlder'. t
if ai ll1 ! o1,lig-ve by handing thtni over, tl
IFlA\NK Ml)ANIEL. tl
July 29-' t.
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEIMENTS,
-NOTICE.
CA
1 MII ILE lO(S'l' of the parish of St, .1 ill
S ('lh:rle, s, having tiled iII this u1"4 e -
his :illplicatin to be apiilpointed Adininis.
r tratolr of ltihe Successioshn iof Jlislph Emlile
t ost, Idcr'l .. noiutice is hiireI, y gi \ ii to W :iri"
all pi'rSis to tile their opllositions thIreiI'
i iln ten dlays, otherwise the ptra:y lle of
ile' petitiote'r will he granted. ) i
Witness tihl lln. P. A. Siiiiniis,
ludge of said Court, this 2nd day of Au- the i
giect. A. 1). 177. i rect
JNO. LAP.'LA' E,
o nA . 4--t. I ry. 'lerk.
SfaorRIFS Si.l nd v
OO.('tapina:tiii vs. ('atherii' Schllettre house
Parishl Court--No. 14.5 touc
(.l'anla artin vs. Ci:itherine Sehcllttr ,. Sa t,
Parishi Court-No. .1j,;. the f
, O. Capiartinl vs (Catherine Schelettre. iigs
I' District Courit-115. il th
the V
S VIRTIUE of three several writs of Iurini
] ) Fieri Facis issitd in the above ien- (111
tfilld aiii ii ni tel'r'edl suits. niild to me dli- y .
orected, I havie seized land will o.tlr for ty of
(I sale to the last and highest bidder at thle prop
ri plantat ion nlow ocenliied liv the 1)eftndii Ah
alit, onii (lid river, about line miils below i ith
id t Cit ) of Natchiteches, oni with
- Saturday the 18th da (o!/f l ir. 1877, ther
li the following described iproperty, to wit: Silh
a (2) two iuiles, (4) foiir hali-d olf horses, Nenrt
(3) thrl ml' alires, (41) fiour colts, (I ow, ;cd r
loony. (12) ttwe!vet head eof work oxen, (i') PIiec
i ltive oox yokes, (:i) thr'ee pull chaiis, (:1) feind
Sox wagoiuls, (2) two sweleps and (12)
twelve plows.
Tlermsll ot sale-Cush, with the b.nelit C2
of apprl'laisellCit. IIc
1). II. BOUILLT, Jit.
' ll Aug. -ids. 1Shrilf,
at - - --
at SUCCESSION SALE.
, Sitcressioi qof P'ierrie S'ltrange, der'll. Th
Si )Y VllTi'E of ail oirder ofil Ihe lion.
S) Pariish ,ludge ii l andl for the Parish
of Natchitochcs, to ite directed, I will
er ;ell tie the hast nil hIighest bidder oil In t
n ntiurda,! the Ih lday of I IU. 1` 77
ati at the elor of the eoinrt holuse of the par
ish of Natilt hit.i hes, all lthe iin-valel, pro- i
id ety l' of said sicessiin, consisting of one enti
is siiiLllln sel k ,f' clothliiig, two tll nii s coll- sail
taiming clothing, & -. :14
T''i cit sa le---.Cadi, with the benelfit dloo
of appraisclnelit. al
in 1 It. BO'LLT. ,:. wil
of Aig 4 ids. Sherif'. suhj
to Dt - .l N'I'. ls
in I+Floralnce J. Carr Linu
ite Antoine Perini, her Husband. ish
.illy Termln, Parish Court, Parish of i
o Naltchitoches, Louisiana, Nol. 15)0. turt
Ce, IN this case !h reason of the law and the
are I evidence being in favor of the Pliun- iigl
Ind tiff. Floraieell Jane Carr, wiife of Aitoine the
ter lPerini, it is therefore ordlerel, adjudged the
sn- and decreed that the corunniuity of the
ite acquets and gains heretofore existing hle- IP
t ween her and her said hlusbandl, Antoiue sai
l'rini. Ihe uand the sameie is Ierehlly dissply- gra
old eed, alil it is furtlher ordered aniil decredl '
the that the said Floianei Jane Carr, do ant
have in Ilhe fltulle the right to adliinis
m ' teramld clontroll her separato estate, and J
lan that Iefeldlart pay costs to lie taxed.
liThus ihconuie and signed in opien Court
r on this 2 Ist day of July, 1S77.
Sa (Signed) P. A. SIMMONS,
nts 'arish JInlge. A
the C'lrk's Office, State of'.Louisian,  the
SParish of atchllitohcs. not
I cnertify lh ihoilrove to le ai tiie copy of ila
of the origial .Judlgmet on file in ily of- .
lice. the
Wiltness nmy hand and Otlcial
[L. S.] Seal this ':d day of July, A. of
1), 1877. 1.,
Wst . IT. TI'NARTD,
TJuly 28.-30d. Clerk.
Sat SUCCESSION SALE.
i Succession of Elisndre DeI) la Gar:a,
sDeceased.
Iul, Y virtue of nu order of the IHon. Par- ho
1 N isl Jcudge in and for the ljrish (iof
Natchitochis, to men diectedl, I will sell cu
Ice, to the last and higlihest lhidder at the ne
Sof Court lehnse+ door in the city of Natehi- of
log toches, on ni
re- Thursday, 30th day! of A uUtst, 1877, fi
eed. the following described property belong- I
ing to said Succession, to wit:
Sa A lot of grounld with the huildinigs
nn and iilimroveilelts thereon, sittuated in
ay saidl city, having a front of 46 feet on
she the southl side of Texas street, with a
:ur- depth of 125 feet, Ihounded northll by
Texas street, south by lands of persmlns
ured nknow'n, east by lot of F. Nictte, and
Swest by lot of J. F. Y'Blarbo. -
yer Terms qf Sale,
got Cash-suhjcct to alppraisement.
yer D. II. BOULLT, Jn., A
bin' July 28.-30d. Sheriff.
sell le
olts, SUCCESSION SALE.
read Stccession of Elisandre De la Gar:a. n
SI Y VIRTUE of an order of the Hon. of
S1" lthe Parish Judge in and for thle par
ish of Natchlitocihes to me addressed, I
nwld will sell to the last and highest bidder,
big cci
Wednesday the 8th dayof Aulgust, 1877,
all the movable property of said sncces
sion, consisting of a small stock of .'o
n t" ceriesand household and kitchen furni- h
ittle ture. The groceries to be sold at the i
store on 2d street, aIntely occupied by hi
may deceased, and the other movables at tlhe
ttle- residence ofdeceased on Texas street.
Terms ofsale CASH.
one D. H. BOULLT, Jim.,
July 28-~i. Sheriff:
ou SUCCESSION SALE.
the Succession of Valery Gaiee,ie, Dec'd. S
rink BY virtne of an order of the IloImnorable,
7, I the Parish Court of the Parish of
rs to Natchitoches, to that effect graltced, anid
No- to mo directed, I will sell at punblic
outcry at the Court Ihouse door in the
'/'t'thurda!/, the 2:3d day of .1 usut ng.r't, -
all the followin il dcrih,.d ra:l ,itat' ,. i
sitnated in thi lpntishl bhelnginig to thile
Miecession ofi the said Vhalerv (ahillnii.
All of Sect ion 5br, Towunslhip 1i, Nol th oft
I lRange 8 W.st. aniidl all of Section i .
T Tow.shil 10) North, of lhliige 7 we«st.
I cothini ing il ll (nte thousand t ll n. fo 1r hu ,.
dred and tifty " tuir and 0:-100 u res, i,
Icordinig to si'Vy'" approvedi, l by tlie.
SItue\',i' G(letr:il oil thie 20th day of
June, 1S-17.
Also Lot No. :3. il Section 1 noit olh.
range 7 we'st, iontaining ti,rty-eight and
(01.10) acres.
Also Lot Na. ~t. of Sec:tiona 15. towimhilI
10 north, r:ange 7 \e~\st, conitaiinig eleven
AlsaoLots N\os. 5, . 7, 8 aid 9, it '"c
tion 3I;. towuship Ill north. ran1."12
west. Northwest Il)i, ict oft Louiisi:ani:
.uunaining one hundre ld allo t ,'stron and
II' 1 ( 11 'Iew s.
Ai.. thit 1 ir:tio ofa Lot No. 1. in S.e
tion a7, township 10 north. ranlge . \\8,st.
l\ ill,," north of''Three LJin!i laiun,. anl
that portion of' fhle nI rth'e\ ' qullarte1'r of i
tIhe Iortle:tat iilal iteir of S"rt ion :1t7, :m11
that piortiotn of the miithliw-est 111:11itcr of
the southw'st qnarte"r of ection t;,. ill i
Iownhil 10, inorth of ranlg , west
in all :1aount tiftv-ighlt acrres, all of whchi
i , mlo'e fulls d,,.ri tled on thl, Inte.linto \.
to which rt'efe rnc is he're'lbv 111141.
CAS(l--,ub)jec't to alpln':i',esvt.
S1). 11. I.)ULHLT .LI .,
l, diyn 21ths. Shcrilf.
1II 1Rl'T'S SALE.
1)Y VIRTUE of a writ of ii. fa, issned C
) hv thlie llronralle the Plarishl ('tort of
thie parisll of Natcllhitcll hels :ulln to IIl(
dlire'cted issned on a twllv\e mo11)s111 hind
of M1. .J. M'1'ier and C'. .1. C. lh'wket te in
favor ol' .Ino. M s:mlidilge & ('o.. or Jack
& 'Pierson, their attorn1vs. I have seized
and will ot' er fi sale to the last and
highest bidder, at the doort of the conrt
houise in the city and parish of Natchi
toches on
Saturda!l the 4thl day o!f A uqust, I S77,
the following described property to wit :
A (certain ,t. otf grondl with the huildhl
ings a1dlll illpro(VC11llltlt thereonll, s'itlatled
in the city 111and pirish of Natihiltoches, 01
the West side of .ifll'rson stxret mews
ulrinlig nine'tyv fit on saidl street with a
dlpt of one hltl h it. feet', hounded aoiiiVe
by i\ou .\ulelt :i11. he1low by prolper
ty of l trse. 1.!J, M'l'ier. seized as the
Nproperty of Mrs 1..I. I Mc.Tier.
Also a ce rlain lot of grouud situated
in the city and plrie'1 0f Natchitoches
with all the hnihlings ax] imlprovements
tllhereon .situated on the West side of
Second street, lhounded on the Southlll .
1Sil ley street East lI t ec'llodII slitreetl
North by lot now owned hv .1. U. Payne.
and on the West hy lot owned he ':11.1n
Price, seized as the property of th11 de
lifndant C. J. (C. l'ckette.
Term. sof Ale.
CASH - without tihe benelit of:lappraise
mllelt.
D. 11. iOI'LLT. .Jn.
June ':23-tds. lheriff.
SH1ERIIFFS SALE.
The Wetern Ehiet rie M:i nufact uri, n Co.
\s. Me9rchants' Union l'ehg:irap1ih'C'o.
[No. 1;1.]
In the 18th Judicial 1)istriel Courlt for
the Parish of \Velster, La.
I )I VIIII'TE of n) order1 ad wtit of
S 4se0izrc :u1 l sal' issuedi in the i' lov
e.nlitled ase andI1 out of the eo rtl allore
said and to Iit e d'iritced4, I hive.seii',ed
ail will oil. r tor sale at, the 4ourt house
t door inll the cily of Natclhitocher; on
Salur(day th e 41h day of .! heq.(Us, 1677,
within the legal hours of sale, for' cash,
Sublj'ect to a2pralisel'ent tlhei fillo\inIg
tdesreld l'propl.Irty seized as hle property
of said D)etindant viz : The ''ulehgr:ap
Line front the parish of lied Rliver to tlhe
parish of (rant rutnlning through the patr.
ish oft' Nat chithes together witlh the of
fice fixtures. iltt'ries ad :polrtenanclles
f in the town lf Camplte and til'he office fix
tures batteries and appertenances in the
city of Natchitoches; also including all
d the wire, poles erected, insulators and
SI tight of way on said telegraph line fromn
te the line of Red Ri\'er parish through to
I the line of Grant parish, including all
ºf the fixtures, improvemen ts and other
i. apprtenauces thereto and belonging to
Ssaid DleferTdant "'Merchant Union Tele
graph Comrpa-ny." with all the rights of
Il way or other privileges of said I)efetnd
lo ant in the said parishof fNatchitoches.
D. H. BOULLT, .It.
id June 23-td,. Sheritf'.
rt NOTICE.
Sueession of John Daris, dec'd.
A IBSALOM M. GARRETT, having ap
plied for the administration of
the sucecssion of JoenllDav\is, deceased.
notice is hereby given to all whom it
of m1 C CCern, to show cause within ten
ºf- days of this date, why the application of
tlhi petitioner should not he granted.
a1 Witness tilhe' lon. P. A. Siminous, judige
A. of said court on this 16th day of July, A
DI)., 1677.
JOHNII LAPLACE,
July 21-2i. Deputy Clerk.
NOTICE.
, 1N PIURSIU'ANCIE (f ofrdi:nance of the
I loardl of School Dilrectors, all persons
r- holding unpaid l hllcool 1warrants for tlhe
of year 1t76. alre herely Ilnotifield and re-1
11 Iqulested to ''presen'lt tile same to A. E. Le
re ince, treasurer, on or hctorl1 the Ist ldal
11- of August next, in ordler thlat the same
mllay be adjlustedl and settlled, out of suchll
7,funds as may remain fronm VIe apportion
ments of that year.
W. A. PONDER,
Juily 21tf President School Ilo rd.
ni' ]'or Sale.
o11
a O_ EIOGIT HORSE POWER Shap
S .'h l'hy lEngine, good as new.
411 Apply to
nd July 28-It. C. I. LEVY.
Notice.
to tilhe city of Natchitoches are here
- byInotitiedl thalt I will enforce the Ipay
u|r'it of the sanme as directed by Ordi
1 nance pass'ed July 3d, 1877.
'Please notice ordinance atl isave e,'st
in of suit.
r- Ollice on St. Donis Street,
I, I LEON GRENEAUX,
or, City Tax Collector.
NOTICE.
es- A LL cost hills dne me as Clerk of the
"o Court. hIave Ieln placed inll the
ni- bands of Daniel ScarbIoroughl for collec
he tion. All plersons are notified to pay to
by hinl, and him aloic.
the If. P. MEZIERE,
June 9, Clerk,
S1D. WORRALL,
WITIH
a. SIMMONS' HARDWARE CO.,
)- , -DII'ORTERS OF
of I'I.II IIf IE 4' CIJTLER I'
lic S8T. LOUIS, MO
till' . I |-6m.
i ll ' I l." i . .\N\ \ I llitl .I I > 1r l y V : .: K a
('1 I.S. 1/ 1LI'IISQ
For lhe \'Iyi'lsi, onl.]
Th'l i~ nº'ý'a 1't ili ! r ut i1 1i1i01 lut pri
Ite il retail. II'(her f'w,- ItI\\ I 'lve ti
':c t ii il.
tw' p i ,.
R 'rceiv'ed l'r, vioul :,.ih:
lerl, ei'ed this t ,te l
I. t tal - ,
I'- 1 a - 1
(in1l-1,III; -
1il ',' gil
t !Ild - `(th^
haltiire W1 r 12
( eol 7 Ill
(~tS h5ic d ,11a l ,l'Ili I. l
I~ci' t-XXrhiite 7i et rl lb. I ~ b4
{ ilil~l 7tit',1
Fai r 'l ls )1..
1isp--- 74 per 1~ T.
GRAIN AND ý'ESide .'Sa
1as)al-- 1 :5 per ls'lwk
\ -31 1 :'+l -e r iM I I. , ,,
e P('ot 'k-c- 1 'htc e st)r lh. r b
IIREA\I STIT"F,'.
lear Relli iesl di1 .,
Oals-5 t'le t' per Ishl erl.
lranI--! 1 .)- I per lil h,
\'hi-at--Whine Wstir' e 'llr h30
PlHOVISIO)Y..
M el,-Shs Pgorlk ti7, 1 , b
(hir I'ib Si ,s "ic 1.
l ry Slilt Shoublelrs 7@
fir\ ('heir ifih ?\@ e.
Ci'lear l i' s 10 I .' .
Ia rd--Tierce10ll'f1 .
B. llaeon-i loa 121l
Pig Pork--lhlf li>Rs. f9 00l)
'Pig Togines--lc a piece.
1i,9s Feet-none in market.
lhilolºlt $a limage-l0a 121e per lh.
lic --Fulton, 10 75 l"'r .4 hh4.
_tr(rallp.--4 ( G1a 'n r on per hl,.
OUions-Westeri( , $t 50a -et1. 50
C'abulge's- il a 12.
Apples--$,< 75,14, --
' latoes-t il 50it 10 0 per bbl.
l'i-riilge-4-5'a6 e [ hox.
('odti.h--Ii-c hv 11)0 founds.
ý. C,; l'co lnunt--:5Iper hiuidred.
t Sour Krolt -one hi market.7
Coal Oil---- . 3... 3.' is gallon.
Sl'CiA R AND) M1jLASSES.
Siigal'--{'olmon ti1}
Good C\mion 90tt
Prime l 10)i ' .
SiChoice 101a l cI;.
Molasse. s-Common, 40c - gallon.
Fair "1l5.
Primi  ct.
Choice Gr,.
1.1 13ll".1.
C'yplress hlufler -$:13 pr thiisalnd fee'.
P'inei l -uSelr- ,14 pe housaer bss h feet.
('\lnle. Mhingles-$-1- 00 per thousand.
N:ii.s-i 3 75'a t E2'.
11 ag'$s - $1;5l 7 i5.
COUNTRY P11O1C1E.
t"Cotton
Wool-Louisiana, lea li
Ilides--1 ' .l:h'.
FI'u-s-O ter A1 .(T" 2 50 eartk.
L II l ,v- ,13' 1t per li.,
SMuttont - ct .i -r hushel, .
lPennis--8- Fil.50 l 0i0 per bbl.i
E,:-s--15a 20h' ir! iioz.
tOli(i "']iiit-AjVlstl'll llt.i;e
1 B1ttean, otiehen-7a 7k er.
ci ruherics-I estern 25. 00
Priiitatos-7 Vea t 75l,.t 1 .er bushel.
l Tallow --' ---c ttn~r -lOl.
l'PuLs~aY--C.hickcus $2 5iCv7.4 y doz< _
' Ts-'rk2eys $ l 18 ' doz.
s Gaeese s$5al 6 per doz.
M- Ducks $3 per doz.
SPark- e per lh.=
11 hBef--lidic per lb,.
Lohtutton-10c (er Ih,.
'n Vel isou--2 I-er s3ddle. u
'd Tr'ied Fruit-Aolles Ik!,o.
S glellS 9ort3hern--7 7 dc.
orf r Plerries--0eg " 2'.
to DRY (iOOlD.
l'l'LCii'S--$2 10td'.
Ioe Print pls -7 $2210 25 '.o.
Coerownt Cottonl--6 l0 '. c
Lowells--10"w124c.
S t r i p e s - - I 2 ] 'a , 1 5 , .
Ilhogauns--$1 50s1 75 per pair.
CANS GOODS.
Sinlmon--3 d0 o doz.
Mrakersl-$2 75( ( doz.
L~olsters--2 on y~ doz.
PSliced Meat--i.i 50 i -8 doz.
Sardiee boxes 16ic ho.
Nt Oys i'kS--95t'$1 00 doz.
en Eage Mil-$2 D t d l.
lPracheits--,: 50 "i? doz.
l' ine Alplles - $2 25 2 50 "t doz.
A Coneentrated Lye-$l 50 ", cae.
CASE GOODS.
l erandy Peaches-$1 75 " doz.
Pepper Sauee--$1 75Q 5 doz.
Ilostetter Ititters-$'.i o0//9 50 doz.
Illski; flitters--.3:lD{!, 7 .1 5 "i doz.
el 1'htnlatlon itteis--8 25.8 50 y doz,
LIQUORS.
eNew York Bhrandy--1 33s1 65.
" " Gin--e 1 32'71, 00.
Imported Cognac--1 G;(g2 00.
Ginger Candy--1 (15,2 25.
Pipeherry lridsy- $1k902 75.
Blackiirry lhi.u$dy-$1 2T0hs 65.
Iaported--Hollaltd Gin- $t 90$4 22.
.amaN a O IC-$5 00. 7 00
irish Whiskey-S5 02, 1877 .
Scotch whiskey- fo 00th 50
WINES.
(p-hClret,-$i , 00.
White wine-$5 5010 00.
Chanmpagile-
iKruI & (Co,, (qurts) $2,5 gohl,
tVeanve Cliquot Ponardi-.$23
P'ilwr llehlshcks--125 00,
AILE AND PORTER,
the DutjeaLsLagerler-qis. N.' 5 pL s AE
tre Milwukie--qos, $. Dn pis. Cl lc,.
h&,- liets & o.A 2 25
AplyNOTICE.
State Tax Colletctor's Oflice, 
A -. y 22d, 1877.p
Tlhi.s ollice is lnow elen foir the c~ollec
ltion ot" DICENSES aud TAXES, due th.
Slate .id Parish,
detenL. N. LANE.
iOfice o1 i St. Denis St. Collector.
b May 2i d tf.
A1oe . XXe.nIt.
kT'he Maricelli Dwelling H[ouse, on1
Tlexas Str'eet.
Aplply to J. TRIICHIEL,
A pril '21.--tf. Agent.
O. Dissoluton.
Davidh Pierson hnvtng lbecome District
Judlge, the Liiw Firmtl o1" ,lick & Pieirson
Fgyis dissolved. The' iIItinisheil bulsiness Of
the lFirn will be clniilucted slid settled
by the nnlersined.
'.\,,;_ ':s-r f, V I 10 ,TACK,