j'M. -. -L OURcO'a , " Editor.
N ATCHITOCHES
g: 'rU-'m)A'.T - - Jine 17, 187(L.
Advertisilg :slaths.
. lq'lart.... ! .... 6 5') 10 I 00 5 00 5 0 00
- :.lilrll,... 7 10 0 15 00 .) 00 - 0
:t s.ares.-I 1000 13 00 18 00 25 00 :) 00
4 sjlarea.-- 1.1110 I N) 2. 001)1 OIl 35 00
, . qpnres.·..- 17 0 2 00 27 00 35 00 40 ,00
•i sq)gard... -210"t 24 0) "2 0a 40 00 45 00
: NqIare 2... 2001 30 00 4In00 13 00 ll 00
J s , ar1... 300 35 00 50 00 57 00 10i
1;3 ~n.res... 44 fill 001 7) 00 o00 125 00
Il sqar',s... ) ,00 50 00 91 I0153 00 i 150 .0
TraSiont advertisements AL. p.erSquare Of
.Il lilts lIrevier. tirst inlllrtionl. Each subse
1lltet in.oerHln 73 ce:lts pelr qllar'.
All changes in adlvertli:eunt1 s to be
charged as if new.
Transuent advertiselfments nst be paid
for in advance.
All bills with regular alvertisers ren
dered qularterly.
Ohe inch of solid brevier colstitutes a
square.
Mblrringe and obituary notices beyond
the siulple announceltent, resolutions or
cards of thanks, charged as advertise
anents.
Rates of Subscription.
Ono Copy one year ......................x.00
Oune opy six month....... ........... .. u.
(Pyabhle in advalne.)
Vgll PAPSI ER I W ILE wIPE
waie .~y gwalcl Cn.rWact e .ev.e
TV. W. SHARP& CO.,
PUBLISrIERS' AGENTS,
No. 25 Park Row, N'ew York,
Are authorized to contract for ad
vertising in our paper.
Tlhe New York Tribune gays that t11e
the Louisiana radicals did well enouglh do
in their convention as far as the plat no
form went-that the pledge of reform pr
and honest men for office was good di
but when they put up Packard, Kel- alI
logg and Pinchbeck to carry it out, St
the aiair'was rather overdone. or
L' Get your printing done at fee
the VImDIcATOt Job Office. it
se
ftomething should he done with dc
regard to the delivery of our New sa
Orfesns mail upon Tuesday, by (fi
the Contractor. The community in
calls upon the Post-office officials
to put them in possession of their im
letters and papers by this route ao
48'hburs in advance of the pres- H
ent time. It can and should be ,
done. G
The NIw York Tribune is for c
Blaine. You can see Jay Gould
and Tom Scott in that.
Wext week we propose to give L
our views upon political matters m
in New Orleans.
It is painful for us to announce Ic
the suspension of that sterling si
journal, the Democrt,. of New Or- n
leans. It was becoming a power t
in thiS State, and our people will
Madly misejts cheering words dn
ling this campaign.
No other paper in the city held e
the popularity of the Democrat n
with the masses, for it was of such I
tonea and ability as to command t
tf t confidence. We are sorry a
to: say, that no other journal in t
New Orleans represeta the mass- 1
ee now, save the Bee. This sus
pensida, therefore, is a serious loss
to oat people. 1
The Rochester Democrat says, 1
that the preachers of Philadelphia
all troted against the opening
of tlleCentennial grounds on Sun
day. -.hey came here," said Ar
i* ts 'Ward, of the Puritans,
14hitdithey iight Worship in their
awn way and prevent other people
;Itf4lJug in thcir'n?"
country parisheý `we are
preud to say, were never beforein
buch splendid political condition.
i ay ale ert, uinited, and deter
to ;i. II I lces sis but a
,questiotn of ,trial, and the all
ec ots will shower golden vie
toynpon the efortseofLouisiana's
- e age upon the people it the
daea trythewned. of an early and
i qguiation 'of the party.
ortia c be et ted withoant
0it l~e t It'be done. All letters
tunslbuati0n addressed to '.
WV q o4. Jlieblieux, Esqr.,
o f the Patiu Central
will'inet with prompt
T h.entIlxecutive Committee
* t %iia9 ly q! fthe thidl Mon
4u h.ext Monday,
yiitshitne meet.i
Indiscretion.
It is a thing generally conceded Fom
lhat every one has the legitimate has b
Sight to maintain his peculiar ideas to dii
of passing events, and can advocate the 1
them to his utmost ability and with to br
pertect freedom, provided always, he (if th
does not thereby do a wrong to some the n
one else. More particularly is this He 1
the ease in reference to the varied in- story
terests of the different candidates, or symy
rather the friends of the different pond
Scandidates soon to claim the notice that 1
oof the American people. It is all of al
perfectly right that some should ad- in go
vocate this nman on account of the Twit
ogreat love they have for him, or tfr for
some great public act he has done, over
whether there is any selfish motive in ing r
it or not. It is all right again that Twi
another should be put forward in aloes
I consequence of his known availabili fIat.
ty and his great popularity-we re sione
peat that this is proper and perfectly lean
a fair, but when the partiecular friends Tw'i
of this or that candidate, attempt to then
r build up the chances of their favolito was
at the expense of a rival, then we ecpi
maintain that these enthusiastic ed,I
friends commit an indiscretion totally ,list,
unpardonable, and we think we are tion
0 drawing it rather tmildly to call it by T
no harsher name. Gov. Samuel J. ,po
Tilden, of New York, is spoken of as t
a favorable candidate, likely to re- wer
ceive the nomination at St. Louis for tati,
the highest office within the gift of won
the people; yet thele are influential Thi
journals throughout the Union claim- pro
ing to be democratic, in order that T'w
they may enhance, the chanites of too
other men, systematically and perse- ple'
veringly, day by day, week by week, all,
publishing all sorts of vile and slan- ver
derous articles against Gov. Tilden, Iiu
d- with the hope of putting him down exi
and raising their favorite up. .
" Now we would like to know what bei
tat the Cincinnati Enquirer is going to int
gli do if Gor. Tilden should receive the vil
lat nomination at St. Louis ? Does it fin
rm propose to have, in that ease, a can- ani
14N] didate of its own? who will not be no,
el- able to carry a single precinct in the pe
ut, State of Ohio. It must either do this, Wei
or turning upon itself, making a con- Co
at fession to itself, doing penance for or
itself, and procuring absolution for it- net
self, on condition that it "will not
tlh do so any more," take back all it has pa
ew said in derogation of Gov. Tilden, bn
by (for we are certain there is no truth ag
ity in its charges) drop the abominable the
als "rag-baby," and give its talent and Iho
er influence to the ticket which is the
te only hope ot the true lovers of free nil
and constitutional governments.- tic
es- Hence the indiscretion of this per- Cc
sonal abuse in the hope of nominating 'j
Gov. Allen, who has about as much iti
for elance to get the nomination as le d
would have of being elected after re- a,
eeiving it. re
The men who will compose the St. w
ive Louis Convention are not apt to com- it
ers mit any indiscretion, and we think it th
more becoming in our large and popu- t1
lar journals to have patience and al- ta
sCe low the Convention to act as best ,
ing suits them, satisfied they will dol
Ir- nothing detrimental to the interest of tl
wer the people, or lessen the chances of cl
1 success of the Democratic party.
*---~ ---- oi
If there be a man in this or any a
commnnity of our State, who has
eld even a lingering respect for the ad- cI
Sministration of the laws of the State, ,
nch he should visit the Court-house where
and the farsical sessions of our Courts are
)rry usually held. For the past two weeks
ii in the action of the intelligent (?) jurors
ass- have been simply disgraceful. In the
GUS Grand Jury room one negro became J
loss soinfamous in his conduct that the o
Foreman was obliged to take him 1
before the Judge, who promptly fiied '1
a him. With the Petit Jurors this con- a
phia duct has been worse-every negro
charged with crime has been acquitted r
iun the fiace of tIe most palpabjle evidence. i
We mention this, not as a piece of
Ar- news, for the experience of every one, t
as since this Jury system has been foist- I
heir ed upon thie people has given themn I
ople ample illustration and full knowledge
of what we complain. But we do
say that society cannot, will not sub- 5
mI sit to thismuct longer. It is a no
rein torias fact that a negro hog, cow or
tion. chicken thief cannot be convicted;
eter that has been demonstrated .within 1
mt a the past two weeks. Tihe Juries are
Ya packed with negroes, and they will
declare al!l such "not guitty," ripon
the principle that stealing is no crime
--with them.
We ventlire to predict that biefore
Sthe six months shall bave passed, strong
and Vigilance Committees for the suppres
sion of erimne, will be organised
hat throughout this parish. We tlhink
Sthat it should be done, notwitlhstand
ing we deprecate it ino general, but
th . ere is. no other way to vindicate
Bl* law, or to protect the life and proper
atral ty of thime honest citizen .
nupt
S To Our Patrons.
We wish it Ilstinetly nodevstood
xon- that all the obligations assimed by
the Vindioeapr ainee its esamption.
a'n the iltti o.sr.h last, will ne car
uSt i out to the letter, the change of
* RdEitort e no way interferlug with
cetWhetitalther eipieflsedor lIapled.
Eecx·&s aaw6sis me s ausuaL loapt.
~aroluut*i~ Iceba lthe ltwE of
~~q~as')ba ~
Sic Transit.
d For two years past the public mind Fr'oI
'e has been agitated over the "Coushat- the gi
5 toa difCienty"--each month it has been "crops
te the habit of Twitchel and his array, corn.
11 to bring to view some manifestation not ha
Ie of tihe blood-thirsty vindictiveness of thougi
ne the white people of Red River parish. been t
s He has published to the North his very P
> story of wrongs, and has elicited a ton re
ir syImpatlhy for himself, and a corres- in son
it ponding feeling against hlis opponents, avoid
ee that might have innred to the benefit ter re
ill of all the Carpet.haggers and tlhieves separn
1 in general, as well as the great (f) days.'
.l Twitehel in particulnar. But alas! could
ir for human greatness, ambition will float I
e, over-leap itself. After the last shoot- stand
Ia ig and all the capital made from it, crop
at Twitchel would not let well enonghi witho
inn alone, and in the person of his f.iend yield
Ii Mat. Wells, called upon the Congres
e sionnl Committee sitting in New Or- Tin
ly leans, for a guard of soldiers to bring ed its
da Twitchel to the City to testify before spicy
to them. The reason for this request will
i11t was too palpable, the desire to make from
?e capital too plainly shown to be allow its at
tic ed, and instead, a sub-Committee was pen a
Ily dispatched to Coushatta with instrue- is an.
rne tions to examine into the matter fully. what
by This, it seems, did not suit the Th
J" "power" up there--this was what was publi
as tnot wanted by Mr. Twitchel, and they anon
re- were not received with that nmanifes- few,
for tation of joy the olcject of their visit head
of would have been presumed to elicit. sible
Tial Tihe bluff of Mat. Wells had- been were
im- promptly seen, and two better went- tion
hat 'ritchel could not see that-it was grac
of too much for him in his present crip- cola
ise- pled condition, but fate is against them II
ek, all, and when death does not inter- turn
an- vene a Congressional Committee steps its'
len, in and "closes their usefulness" by ly Ii
twn exposing their acts. CAT(
Mr. Woodburn, Republican mem- reas
hat her of the Committee from Nevada, scriI
g to informs us, that for a cold-blooded turn
the villain, give himn Twitchel. He could offie
s it find no fight between Republicans not
an- and Democrats in Red River parish, son
t be nor could he hear oT any Republicans mer
tie per se in the Valley of Red River who and
this, were not united with the Democrats, InU
con- Conservatives, and others, for the cur
r for orcthrow of0 arpet-bag, Scalawag and to t
r it- negro rdle. fore
not The contest in Red River parish 1
Ias particularly, was not one of polities, Poe
den, but a contest of the united honest men lie
rath against the thieves-in other words, tiol
able the people against Twitchel and his enm
and host. are
the The late affair has no political sig- ty.
free nificance-was not caused from poli- 1
a-- ties-was purely personal, and the wei
per- Committee will so uaaaimonsl!y report. in I
ting Thus aendsConshattain American pol- fac
uch ities and as a point of horrible deeds ca
is he done by White Leagues ; thius passes j
rre- away the glory of Twitchel and the the
reign of his mymidons. No more ann
e St. will the "bloody-shirt" be dipped in th
com- its fountain to be quietly waved in col
ak it the face of the Northern man; and wn
opn- this "quiet village with its white Cot
d al- tages, hid in clambering vines, sweet ra
best with the scen( of ambrosial roses- pr
II do( thlis alluvial parish rich in monies for tie
est of the spoil hunter when Twitlchel's 50
es of clan first swooped down upon it, but sn
now too "'poor to pay"-all these that in
once knew T'vitchel, will know him mi
r Fn o more. mi
ha The Congressional Committee was th
e ad- called, it camne and Twitchlel is "scoop.- of
itate, ed.p
where
s are Down Goes Another Radical
eeks Judicial Luminary. i
nthe Tile notorious (at least locally so) pm
came Judge Breda, "parish ermine wearer" w
it the of Natclittoches, went down before a tii
i him blast of the Gratnd Jury last week. la
fied They examined hia ease, they found cl
r con- a bill, and Judge (4) Bredas is in thie e
negro hands of thiat law he was wont to yn
itted numanipunlate for the glory and good of rE
dence, his party.
e of Tile facts of thie ease we learn, are en
v one, these: Some time since one Robert iI
fist- Braxton, colored, was clharged with t
then some offence and arraigned before a
ledge Breda for preliminary examination, c
we do and upon an examination of the facts g
t sh- of the .ease, he, (Braxton) was placed d
a o-. under bond in thIe sum of thiree Bun.
!ow or dred dollars for his appearance be. c
ited; fore the District Court. Braxton f
within having no friends deposited the cash P
es are with Breda, taking a.receipt therefor; o
y will buta few days after, Braxton found 1
upon a gentleman wiho was willing to go i
hcrime lse bond, and whoin, by thie by, e j'
owed for,supplies, provided lie would
before deposit the money with hiIm-Braxton
strong and his bondaman called upon the
Ippres- Sheriff, gave thIe bond as required by
;aniued law and demanded the money depomsi
think ted with Breda, with i tender of the
istand- reeeipt given him. BRIEDA DID NOT
ml, but coME To TIMe, he did not hIave the
edicate money, has not hadt inct tes, and the
2roper- matter mhaving been placed before the
Grand Jury, a bill, was promptly
found against tbis laminary fodr em-.
beesieiieat.
od Soamch 'or Radical Judgessere.
ed by Myers stole all the Sehooe money, add
mptiom Brbds embezzles three bhundred dol
o laws, which either belongs to the par
g 'with *111 be a matter of great eredit to
Breda with his polIcsl- asesolates,
and as Mgyers atped for Congress on
hi stpal, e. oeght.st test to
S"iPais ash for the . Dis.I,et emine.
the ''lsrare e m ie losidpaa
:ae7@i~~IPUM 1rw
~~ ·B 1
Weather aid Crops. 'TI
party
From all partp of the parish comes affaiir
the gratifying inteligence that the than
"crops are good," particularly the cratic
corn. Gentlemen *1l us they have No'
not had such corn cnee the war. Al
the ca
though in some l.alities there has tham
been too much rain, yet the corn is rapl
very promising and tlhe stand of cot- Repul
ton reported perfect, though grassy colfe
in some places. This could not he If th(
avoided, whereas we heard one plan- of N1
ter remark he "had twenty-seven
separate and diitilict showers in four tat i
days." Another said the Bart Able agem
could have found water sufficient to that
float her all over his field." Notwith- the
standing all tlese drawbacks the trac
crop prospects are flattering, and he I
without some unbrseen calamity the good
I yield will be abundant. that
The Republican of this place mend- and
ed its dull space last week with a few inqu
spicy slaps at the VINDICATOR. We to th
t will condesend to notice this sheet servi
from the fact that when left full swing ed o
its abuse of the white people, fronl agei
s pen and sissors, principally the latter, part,
is anything else Imt. in' keeping will dida
what it professes to be, decent. has
There is, as wili be seen by the ficie
s public who read iWaat paper and mnan
y among decent people they are but the
.- few, no one's nam#e placed at the la've
it head of its columns: who is respon- tO 1'
s. sible for its utterasces, being as it that
n were, simply the vehicle of vitupera- be
tion and abuse for such as would dis
is grace themselves by the use of its as r
- columns. age
m It says that parties have re- arni
r. turned the VrN rcAroRn n account of nov
ps its "blackguardism ;" in that it simp- o1
by ly lies. Some numbers of the VI)- tie
CATOB have been returned for good it
n. reasons, want of money to pay sub- fait
a, scription; a few numbers were re- ao
d turned from the Natchitoches Post-wh
ld office written upon thema "returned
n, not wanted," in the writing of a per- e
h, son connected with that office. We
ns mention this fact for many reasons
1o and one is that the Republican, always lao
ng, unworthy of notice, has made the oc
!he currance of a return of a few papers eI
lil to this office an occasion to put in al
force a talsehood.
slh We propose to try the law on this th
es, Postmaster in this matter and see if
en he is allowed to suppress the circula
is, tion of a paper that has boldnessa
sis enough to denounce, for what they
are,. the members of his political par
ig- ty.fi
li. The other articles centained in last
the week's Republican will be answered mw
rt. in a way that will be perfectly satis- b
aol- factory to that journal and all others if
ads concerned.
ses As for decency and this claiming of ru
the the virtue by the RepNblican, we say, hr
ore and that withlout fearofcontradiction,
in that no man has ever had editorial
in connection withl it whlose character
and was equal to that of tihe blackguard. oI
ot- When these men who have out- et
'st raged 'decent society and have been S1
._ properly exp6sed for it, squirm under
for the lashl, it is perfectly natural, but to C
el's supIpoae that any person would allow S
but such seam to make false statements
that ino return without acconotability is a
ill mistake. We give themn these re
marks for whlat they are worth and tl
was they will find but chleap virtue made g
op- of the necessity of"not noticing the
Vinadieator in future."
lMr. Woodburn asked Genl. Mad- C
al gett how long hle had resided in Red a
River parish "Five months,"
so) promptly says Mudlgett. "Well, sir,
rer" what have you been doing in that c
re a time, lave you done an honest days
ek. labor 7 "Well, replied the rathler
nd close pressed Mudgett, "I lave held
Ithe several ofices." "That will do for
t to you Mr. Mudgett, was Mr. Woodhburn's
d of reply, and Mudgett steps down.
Is this a strange thling to our North
are ern people Undoubtedly, but we l
bert have seen it so often that we begin
with to ask when we see a stranger in our
fore midst; whlat office he has come to oc
too, cupy. That's the fruit of the radical
facts governments set up over the Sooth in
aed defiance of law, of decency and the
bn- laws of nature itself. Nothing else
b. can be expeeted"and oar republican
,ton friend Woodburn must not be sur
ash prised to flnd-a man holding serrav l
efor; olffices after only a rfive montbl:es
iund Idence. With usp a rive eiutee' dom
o go icdle and afterwari shheriffalty or
yhe judgeship, would ,bt excite a mo
ould ment's thought.
aton On the out-side of this week's issue
Sbhe s articl appears, which is clipped
Sb from thie Attakalpa Bentiael, in rela
tion to the claims of Hlon. L. A. Wilts,
of New Orleans, asi' candidate for
o Governor of this State in the Fall
Sthe election. We wishl it distinctl3 Un
1 the
dertood that this article in no way
a tl refiecte oar views 'is to Mr. Wilts's
optl- claims for that position over say
- other citien. The prsesnt Editor
was not in eharge when the out-side
was worked oflt; in other worids, we
,d are not a Wilts man atthis time.
pdolr We recognie hTs ability, his self-ea
orrlAee, and. his patriotism. He has
Smany good :qoualities, bt he lacks
a that sne, ia our qplalon, which will
a insoure sne~es-availability.
.. at . to Thno eurtofts.parl s
31 h.r bee,i spatioe- for two: weeks
pastW Jags C. Chaptl. has bee,
ipsk pre4gra gtth his usual digmity, and
Srate hidlgaha, a ual, met with
tIp the .sl alat .a: t a t ll .og eiti
, .1 ,  +.-:; .. .. .+ ;.. " .
'-Thle credit due thie Republican
party for good management of National sncth
affairs was never more clearly shown of thl
than in the light of present Demoo- ntih
cratic mismaiagement."-Republic.
Now, if there is any word in the the
English language that will describe
the cool impudence, the effrontry, the I'lais
shameless boldness of such a para- Ingr
graph as tile above, quoted from the h
Republic, weekly edition, we must
confess we are unacquainted with it. and
If the Republic calls the management white
of National affairs for the last fifteen (.lect
years good, what in the name of all becol
that is holy would they call bad man- it We
agement? Is it good management this
that our Minister at the first Court in strut
the world has been recalled in dis- past
grace-found guilty of acts unbecom- cals.
ing a third-rate stock gambler-is it the
good management of National affairs take
that the public servants, whenever ger.
and wherever their acts have been TI
v inquired into, have either been sent Twig
e to the penitentiary or dismissed from jourf
t service with the brand of infamy sear- publ
g ed on their brows ? Is it good man- iuter
agement of public affairs that the prili
party is now at a loss to choose a can- and
didate for any high place, for fear he as I
has been guilty of dishonest acts suf- hors
1e ficient to cause his defeat? Is it good Thi:
d management of Natioaal affairs that Son'
t tile army of the United States should canl
to have been used throughout the South occr
n to persecute and arrest white citizens, reIl
it that carpet-baggers and thieves might pari
be elected to Congress and other of- slat
fices, for which they are as much fited the
ts as monkeys to fill Is it good man- t
agement of National affairs that the feel
e- army is quartered all over the South, Nol
now at this present time, when it is con
so much needed to protect our fron- the
tier from savage depredations? Is got
o it good management of National af- dis
fairs that to-day in Louisiana, we ev
have a usurper as Governor, for bel
st- whom the people have not a particle bel
ed of respect, and who is powerless to res
execute the laws, who was never phi
elected by the people, who is con- as
stantly calling on the general Gov- tri
ernment for aid to suppress neighbor- an
Ds hood broils, who does not hear the nee
er report of a pop-gun, but what he is no
in mady to flee to the Custom-House for th
self-protection ? This condition of at
his things is what the Republic calls good thi
if management of Naitional affairs! fir
Ia This is eaup d'l of the record of the nu
party asking the support of the Amer- oat
lean people to Bontinue them in pow- w
ey erfor the perpetuation of the "good
management of National affairs." di
We think, if tile people can agree a
rl with the Republic that this is "good
ti management of National affurs," then N
is- by all means give them support, and ni
rs if this "good management of National fe
affairs do not end in our complete tr
of ruin, then we are proof against dis- Ci
aoy, honesty, incapacity, and inmbecility. f
BROADWELL'S STORE, LA.,
Ward 3, June 10th, 1876.
fter srearnt to a call of the citizens
rd. of Ward 3, on west bank of Red Iiv
out- er, a meeting was held at Broadwells 1
een Store, June 10th, 1876. d
der On motion by ol . VW. W. Brea
zeile, iF. E. RuIse was called to the
it to Chair, and Joe. N. Wolfson appointed 9
Iow Secretary. e
ets On motion by Col. Breareal., that u
is a proposition from citzens on thie other
side of the river be read. Carried.
S On motion by C. G. Marbalcher,
and that this meeting be deferred until c
ade general meeting of citizens of Ward 3,
the at Grappe's Blufaif, Juno 24th, 1876.
Carried.
On motion, by Col. Brsazeale, that
a Committee be appointed by tihe
LId- Chair to wait on Messrs. Greneaux
Red and Messi, Delegates from the Y. M.
s, P. Club. Carried.
i, The Chair appointed Messrs. Brea
air, el, Bandaries, Smith, and Marba- t
that eler.
days Constitution and By-Laws of the
tler Y. M. P. Club, read, apd very ap
propriate remarks by Mr. Leon Gre
held neaux, explaining the object of the
Sfor Y. I.. Clinb.
urn's On motion, by (£. G. Marbacher,
that invaitation be extended thie Y. M.
P. Club, to have delegates sent to
rth- our next general meeting, June 24th,
twe 1876. Carried.
egin On motion, by Cod. Breaseale, to
a our adjourn to meet at Grappe's Bluff,
June S4th, 1876. Carried.
oc. 8. E. BUSS,
ilicl Jos. A. WoLsSON, Chairman.
th in Secretaryr.
Stie A BRILLIANT AMERtCAN NOVEL.
else John Esten Cooke, of Virginia, an
lican American novelist, whose stories, in
Sstr tlrflling situations, sustained power,
dramatic incident, and charming dic
tionl, tare unsurpassed, has written for
tes the Detroit Free Press a serial enti
dom- tied "CANoLLatU: Tre FORTUNES OF
ty or A PAarTsAN o '81. A STORY OF TBHE
m. REVOLUTION." It will be commenced
in the Weekly Free Press of June
10th. During this Centennial year
sueh a story ashould be especially wel
isse come. Such of our readers as are
ipped interested in this department of lit
rela- erature, will, no doubt, gladly hail
"Canolles" as the type of the heroice
pil, artisan of American liberty, and
i forhasten to secure for themselves the
SFall pleasure of the perousal of what prom
13 a- ises to be the most attractive story of
the year.
ils's How 5o G u A HuasD .-Take of
r ay modesty -a large portion; unite it
Editor with urbanity and good baumor; to
itside which add good sense, and plenty of
love, with a virtoous heart and a
s, we pretty face. Take Simmons' Liver
time. Reaulqtor regularly, that the blood
i-sac. ad compleion be pure and health
I. has god.
.a"Fromi actual experieane in my
practice, I am stisfled to prescribe i~
Sll asa purgativo medicine.
"T4. W. MASON, bf. D."
UrORTANT NOTICN.
MERCHATS8 deatri g to order gooda
ean do a by telegraph tod"y dod seeans
uiadrfrae It ex-Ous aH u nATe,
per esseag u4ua .. Sbhe leae thiS
***wear Ma
"ie'lNe guilty flee when no man psr- WI
I sneth ;" could we not add, the mind fromt
of those who ought to be punished, prioe
continually tortures up the mode of W
punishment. The Radicals all over time
the State, and particularly in this Cock
,. pamish, as well as thlose where large lie w
Inegro majorities, and consequent Re- the c
publican rule, is claimed, set up the WI
t hue and cry of "mob law, violence met I
and intimidation," on the part of the Put I
t whites. As we approach the time of heave
election these cries fromu their press of th
I become louder, and more agonizing as of II
it were. We have been afflicted with TI
It this sort of noise ever since recon- faur(
istruction, and they have in times how
i. past borne good frunits to the Radi- tlrol
c:als. lBut times have changed, and "'Iril
it the average northern tnind is not crly
rs taken in with this gamnion any lon- anot
er ger. an
The most intense articles against o0nt1
nt Twitchel and his gang, are from nCag
m, journals that have heretofore given erne
r. publicity to nearly all that the most the
n. intense Radical sheet here would part
Ime print. The St. Louis Globe-Decocrat Ti
U. and Cincinnati Commercial do not, is as
ie as has been the habit in the past, give gLui
f-. horrid details without stating causes. le.
a This cry of "outrage" on the part of Boa
at Southern whites must have some is c
Id cause assigned for it. If the outrages refo
th occur, what are the bottom facts in it
is, relation to them, if not occurring, the tion
hlt parties who give publicity to such pori
af- slanders should be held responsible by ileg
ed the communities who are traduced. Ceii
in- We are glad to note this change of tolli
the feeling; we tire glad to see that the "ner
th, Northern independent press, which into
t is controls public sentiment, or rather )1n1l
on. the sentiment that is calculated to do thei
Is good to the entire country, are now the
af. disposed to await the development of piel
we events, to learn all thle facts of, and thi
for bearing upon, the reported outrages jam
icle before commenting thereon-as the rail
I to result of this, `an entirely different 's t
ver phase is put upon these reports. Take ant
on- as an instance the late East Feliciana or
ov- troubles-about which the usual at
,or- amount of lying and outrage busi- ilt
the ness was done by the Press of Louisi- to
e is ana, when in time it was discovered
for that no riot had occurred in the Sltate
of at all, but in Mississippi near by, and
ood that a Republican Sherif eqp forced to iIt
irs! Jire into, and kill numbers of a negro
the mob of law breakers ! All these facts
ner- came out before the Press, to which nJ
ow- we refer, made other than passing
rood news notice of it, and when the facts
irs." did come to hand, the Radicals caught in
gree a terrible lashing. at
;ood The whole cry of troops is bosh. li
then No white citizen intends violence- a
and no one is to be intimidated, nor saf- I
onal for intimiidlation-no one fears the to
lete troops, and we think the call for them an
di.- entirely useless, unless these Radicals d'
feel they have comnmittemd crimes for A'
which they deserve punishment, and I
are fearful they will get it. i
--- qi-'1
S The greatest event of the season Ii
w ill be the exhibition at this place of
ells aMABIE'S GREAT i:IRCUS, on Mon
day JUNE 19th. This is no one horse I
a side-show, bat a mammothl circus re
ned quiring a special train of ears to tray
el. It deviates in attraction from the
tllt usual stereotyped exhibitions. It pre- ,
etler nts more instructive and moral en- v
elr, tertainment, more rare specimens of
until curious birds and beasts, and more
rd8, special and exclusive novelties than
1876. any other exhibition in the coutry. a
that The managers of this elxhibition t
the avoid as much as possible the old and
eaux well-worn rusts so generally ,traveled r
. M. by other exhibitions, who visit osr
Brea- year after year with the same enter
arba- tainment,'seldom or ever giving as
novelty, while Mabie's GREAT LoN
f the DON CIrCUS introduce to the public, I
Y p features that are new and nunusually
f the attractive. Most of the animals in
the Menagerie department are new
ler, to this country, and thIe most rare and
Y. M.
ent to savage natural history gives account
24th, of. The performers are everywhere
recognized as stars of the first magni
tI, to tode, and the company combine more
Bluff, talent, skill, daring and dexterity
, than any other exhibition.
an. Remlember that great pains will be
taken to please everybody, old and
eL.- young. Comfortable seats furnished.
is, an Plenty of fun,- music and light.
le, in Trio performances will be given
wer, MONDAY June 19th.
W fr We e ha performing monkeys in u
i enti- our town but none equal theose which
wEs or will be seen at the Mammoth London
iF THE Circus and Menagerie.
e Let everybody attend thie grandest
I year exhibition of the age.
y wel
as are NATURE'S REMEDIAL, AOENTS.-It
of it- is said that for every disease that ef
ly hail fects suffering humanity, nature has
hero provided a remedy, and all that man
, andhas to do is to discover these rem-.
es the dial agents and apply them to their
prom- appropriate ailments. These are
tr of mostly found in tihe vegetable king
dom, and roots, barks, erbs, grains,
- and other simple and hlrmless ino
ake of gredients are more effective than any
oite it of the mineral poiseos used so freely
lor; to by many physicians. The celebrated
entyof Dr. Badeliff, in the Seven Esee or
and G(olden Wooder, has comPlonmded
Liver vegetable remedy peouiarly riapted
blood for a wide rangt of disease, com-m
health bining as it uoes the curative prop.
erties of a great number of the most
in my ebective roots, herbs an4 erk, poer
criib pains and aches it has sever been
equaled., june-ron,
.D." ---.
- Blaine did not make that amount
E of soiid epital from the last tricky
Soo display of his Iaud the motol mannoer
'm in which Mr. Hsteon, of Virginia,
ss, handled him, foilowed by the witty
rs this take-down of Mr. Knott, of Kentocky,
completely h5s Mr, Blsee's Partyr
t*. nbblebo
What, we ask caused the change
from the most violent hatred to ttheir
p'resent humblle and submissive ador-,
ation.
We will tell you :,lust about that
time Tom, Cage. threatened that if the
Cockatoos would not cease their fool.
ish attempts at newspaper business,
he would causo the Govel nor to take
the contract away.
When h6 got -lwn. the Governer
imet hint with a letter fromi T. B. asl.
ing him to let the contract renlniln.
Punt this and that. together, and you
have thi secret of the vile adulatiin
of the clique for the Standard .earer
of the Republican p'arty.
The above is taken from the La.
fau;rche Republcan and shows plainly
how things are managed in this State,
through the power of the infanonus
"printing law." The RIepuIblican form.
erly held the printing contract but
another paper not long since put in
an appearance in Thiihodaux and
ousted the Replublican. Hence Tom
Cage "threatened" to cause the Gor.
ernor to take the contract away from
the Union, unless it shouid do as the
party required.
This is the party in this State that
is asking for the support and alle.
giance of honest and respectable peo.
ple. This party with its Returning
f Board and Printing Law on its back,
is coming before the country with
reform written on its outside, when
within, all is rotteness and corrap.
e tion. That it should receive the saop
1, port of the ignorant and unthinking
v negro who has been for so long de
ceived by its leaders, is not at all as
If tonishing, but that intelligent white
men endowed with reason and more
h integrity should follow in its wake, is
r only explicable on the ground that
, they are doing it for the "swag," "for
the contract," "for the pap," "for a
of piece of the chicken pie." In proof of
id this, throughout the State, in all the
P parishes wherever you see a white
e radical, lie has either some office, or
t is an employe of some office holder,
ke and has been promised "promotiosa
or a "contract" the moment there is
it a vacancy, and it he is a man of any
iinfluence it does not take them long
i. to make one for his special benefit.
te A Voice from the South.
ud - , MISs1SSIPPIw
to lion.- -,
fro Dear Sir :
ts To an outsider anxious that harms
clh ny shall prevail in the views of the
Democrats of different sections, it ap
pears that entire success will st
cta probably attend the present efrts
ght being made at Washington to bring
about so desirable a condition of fedl
s ing. I say "appears," because I eas
only speak of things as they look to
- a "layman" at this distance. Although
f- I symlathize entirely With-all efort
the to produce unity of sentiment and
e naction upon the financial question, it
ala does seem to me that if a little tare
fo. deteuminiation of purpose to wn for
nd Ihard money wete mn'e aeaplib
those who favor that views l
question, supIIported by those whare
on not so deeply concerned for tire, cs
Sess of tthat principle, as for a eiupb
of Administration, it would do me
on- to secure concert of action than say
rse tlhing thliat has yet been tried.
re- 1 take it for granted that all.th.o.
V* Southern States, except South t:'
lina and, possibly Florida, will vetoi
for the nominee of the Demanea~er
re- party, without ,muclh regard to h
env- views upon the financial, quetc; .id
oi siply because to them (the SolthetaI
or States) a change of adminiastratile
re witlh all that it implies, is of more -eS
han sequence than the question of "gll
ry. and silver or greenbacks" --.-pi r*
ion tant an they recognize the latter to
be. This will give us 127 elect/ l
L votes to start with; and, as 185 iL a
led nuRaj.rity, there will be only 58 moro:
t os necessary, in order to succeed. Te
ter- most Northern people it would WM:;
doubt have the appearance of poll *i
scal heresy to state that any quostil
ION is of more importance than the one 41
lic, fnance. He that as it may, it is noz a
ally the less true, as regards us of the :,
S in outh, especially, if they had felt it
as we have, for yearrs, they woeld
perhaps, look at the matter as we d
and Premising that any candidate who
unt will be nouminated will get the 11
le Southern votes, as above apecibQ
would not the vote of New
il.- New Jersey and Conneetient, aisr
nore 9 more, be safe for theDemh
erity with a hard money ma :
would give us 180 votes, sa4
would to a majority withUt i
State. It is apparently very
and ful, even with a soft money plati,
hed. about earrying any of the Wedtl :
States; and such a platform ! r#
probably lose us all the above rE~
erea and Pacifle States. The _m:
to carry those above mentionald
a in the Democracy with a hard _t
rhich platform are evPMently muellc i
don tha to carry the Western Sti8 .
any of them, with a soft moao. 7:
form. An intermediate Pt ;
destwould probably carry niiwt. ';
sides, if the Westerna Stae r a
determination to carry ma the di _ a
.-t policy, enoughl of them wold 11'* 
It efably eaquiece to makte hteie
e has assured for a larger majority; ffs
deed, any of the W ter StT
man be cairied by the DemocraCJy,
em which is more than doubtful.
eir The South, I think, does not I
are contraction; bat a hard mone .ii
ing- form can be made witheot *Ck
us tion, and without resum ,g ua iti
- 1879; if resaumptio 'oe, a is
elyI held, iepo'Iole without P
lton. I t. d'k the stnr Solth,
a the tseption oft two State
dle niously named, would go a
nominee of the DemocrLeCM
utpoip a hard money platforma, it
were aso ontration featue 1
prop. That is the way it looks to me.
o Te desnire for. stapg of., m
raio is more streaomes WiM . ,
any and every thing betide.
I Iay without intending to gI0
I opinion an the mooted quertIO
hrk "gold e' tgreenbaek ;" but m
the only way, a it seems to .
anuer in the Seoutb, to aecaro a.el.
goin, Adlministration-a thling t he
witty needs, and at presents wants, e
than any change oin Snnoe and~l
Sreney, impartant as that may be. .
tr Very Truly Yaross,