What Hayyd They Done ?
In these (days iwhen hard times
iare upon us--when poverty, like
the wolft, stands at every door,
when the ety is Reform ! less a.x
ation; the IRadicai oficials in our
midst seem to tatke things easy.
And why hoittld they not-.,
their ideas are, that all govern
inents are intended4 to benefit idli=
"ridutals; to prtt money in the
pockets orofficials,
In 187,4, taxes were eight ier
cent in iatehitoches parish. The
white people in Massmeeting, and
by deterlmined power forced the
Radical offeiatls, itainst their will,
to reduce them to three per cent
but have the Radicals shown any
desire to go on with reductions
until it would be less burdensome
to pay. than now ? They have
not!
People annot pay three per cent
taxes! it is outrageous, and be
yond all reason. No one will .irm
migate to a country where such
rates exist, and no one can pros
per when three per cent of his
earnings go for taxes. Why have
not the Radical Police Jury redue
ed parish taxes I
No parish it the State pays 14).
mills parish taxes, sare Natehito
ches !
Here was an opportunity that,
if the Radicals meant reform, they
could have exercised. They did
nothing of the kind however.
)emocratic white: men reduced
taxation from 8 to 3 per cent, and
Democratic white men are the on
ly persons who can or will reduce
them lower.
Le; the Radicals dare go before
this people and appeal to their re
cord. T. ITat they cannoae or will
not do it-they prefer deate
negroes, and talk of Murning
Boards, but we intend a change,
and that change comes with Dem
ocrati •U1 -
I iemotratic situation
throd  .-the entire Union is
mos t ag indeed. 'From let.
ter from gentlemen of
our Lw traveling Worth, #e
learn  at.,th, enthnsiasM of the
peoe I llthirelf confined to Til
den ,:M a, Hendricks, while the
1adli~fi area silent and disheart
ened..
Th'e b1~Jocrats are conducting
the campaign vigorously, and are
assai)hirg the Radicals at every
point spor their cotrupt record,
whicih their Mortons, Blaine, and
ra~ Obandiers, endeavor to cover
up the bloody *birt.
Wepmt a sk our friends tobe
more liberal with he in fttnre.
They 8end as proceedings to pub
lish; and never seem to think for
a moment that we paiy rent, print.
er'ls htj ;p~y for pper, ink, &e.
We are +mstirely too poor to fur
nish all these things for the party,
anai nise t bIeg that all political
ma 4q ent us for publication
ashouldk be aecompalnied with some
as Iat l +t. ,is very easy for
our aided fo do' tils, and they
cheanat i grlatde4refrattle
Hnug J. jaimppbel the Radical
JUdge lioatsidfhMF'U lieridan
in onstiag the legally elected Amia
d.oe el him here
1t lesdmm~es, Iowa, lately, ' hica at.
t a ttlentio by reiaso toa
t fits':Mt"!l ell mgad dolhi~a for
+P(lpq~qn t i yr'he eaerl Oov
erspmi Jpj hoie eertif~iettes. A
Singliesof alls.
,Don JfrT yo.ts o of the S4lth
! ti liaas .netmSy bq.m
1o sooedln in your
re* be mr owner bh
s4.nera. gsteJ .
lb i=e tf+s
:, [-3 i:|{
MARTIN & SMWITH,
-STEA *1
SAW MILL
Six miles south of the city of Natehitoebei
PRICE:
At the mill, per M. .......$0.00 to $10.0(
Delivered in town,per M.,.........14.0(
º TE 'rAlFi pleasure in informing thl
.' rV public that we atr prepared to take
0 CONTRACTS to build ealins. ftrnishiug
therefor. lumber, material and labor, at
very low rates.
r BOX COTTAGE,
C with gallery, 14x18 feet, complete, shin.
Sgled roof, put up for $125.00
BOX COTTAOGE, 12x15 feet, with gal
e lery, mplllete, pitt up fbr $100.
Planters anllld others will find it to theit
Sinterest to i ven us uit :il.
- Orders le't at this office or with Louis
. Dupleix, will meet with prompt atten
tilnt.
4 ' Orders left with Mr. E. Smith, at
Willis lihlmes' will meet with ptainpt
attention. 4s4.
MARTIN & iGMlnll.
April 10- ly.
gt Get your prltiting done at
the VtNDICATOT Jub OfticeC
WILD OATS.
3 PROSPECTUS FOR 1876.
Champion American Comic Paper !
Illustrated by a corps of thi best Ameri
can artists, and contribnted to iy the
most popular humorists and satirists of
t the day.
SWild Onts no* enters snreessfiully np
on the sisth year of its .tistence, and
has become the established humorous and
satirical paper of the country. It was
started and continued the first year as a
monthly, then, to satisfy the dnmanud of
the public, it was changed to a fortuight.
ly. Still continuing its good work of
hitting filly as it flies, and showing up
the political and social shamus by its
masterly cartoons and pungent editorials,
it achieved even greater success than
before, and was recognized as tlt ablest
and brightest of its class. Since then we
have yielded still further to the public
demand, and now publish Wild Oats
weekly! It has literally grown into its
present shape on its intrinsic merits, be
'ng the first successful weekly humorous
paper ever pnblished in this country.
Among the artists especially engaged
to furnish illustrations for Wild Oats are
Frank Bellow, Thomas Worth. Hopkins,
Wales, Shelton, Wolf, Jump, Keettels,
Stuckhardt, Day, Poland, and several
others who are yet known to fame.
In its literary departments Wild Oats
,will, as it always has, stand alone and
unapproachable. At least one first-class
serial story will always be found in its
pages, by the best humorous, satirical,
and character writers in the United
States; while ,its sketches and squiibs
will be sparkling, original and pointed.
Wild Oats will be first-class in every
particular, and on this account may be
taken into the best families without fear
or suspicion, as no word or illustration
will appear that can offend the most fas
tidious.
dj/ nad for a Sample Copy and
Con coarselese.,.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE:
One Year....................... $ 00
Six Months.................... 2 00
Three Months................. 00
Single Copie....... . ..... 10
Any person sending ,us a club of live
subscribers for one year will receive a
copy gratis. -
Address,
COLLINS & SMALL.
Publishers, 113 Fnlton Street, N. Y.
RV Y LADY SIOULD_ TAKE IT.
THE CHEAPEST AND I)EST IN
THE WORLD.
Postage Pro-Paki oall &tbderiptionk .
SThis popular Mounthly Maga'zine gives
more for the money, than any in the
world. For1876, it will be greatly im
poved. It will: conrtain One Thousand
Pags. FouPrteen Splendid Steel Platej,
Twelve Colbred Berlin Patterns, Twelve
Mammoth Colored Fashions, Nine -Hun
dred Wood Cuts,. Twenty-Four Pages of
Music. All -this will be given for only
Two,Dollar.-t yea;i pptat**ge prepnitl byv
] the pnubispr, aet dollir- loss than M!ug
sasine of the class f "Peterson." Its
,.llRILt, TAL&8 A D NOV.
Are tbe heat published ainywhlere. Ali
thie most iipular writers are employisl
to write originally "Peterson." Ia 187TH,
in addiMion to the ueual qantily of shoirt
stories. Five Original Copyright Novel
etts will be given, by Ms. n 8.A S te
phens, Frank Lee BclnediHt, Jane 0. Au.
tinl Marioeta Rolley and Datisy Ventner.
MAMMO'MW i *&EI12 Ap:zBON
.P: .LATES
Ahead .f all othere. These platqs are
engraved on eteeks Twice the naual uizo,
uand are nneqa wlA for beauty. They
will,e s perbly ,lomred. Als YsHeiw
ad otber-eeipts is short, eterys
ImUPEBr EN aVIATS!
To every person getting up either of
the following clubs for 1875 will b~isent
gratis, aopy of oir new. and splendid
mnesntint for farad mig .(sis 21 luncbhes by
6 e1 "Washtu iaFat interview with
hit si i d'a D6e)1ar mrauh -
ever~ otErR . t llu'kp dus' wirll be
seen beliwe , (ltt cnth ppy l a:aMaiii&
will be setisdd- .
~ e"'a-"~Li"
superb nmezzotint. "Washington's First
interview With His Wife, to the per
son getting up the Club.
Addiesit ipf ostaid". " I . ;
CHARLES J. PETERSON,
3s 306 Chesnnt street, Pa.
S981techiicns 'sent giratin if written
for.
10
THE BEST PAPER. TRY IT.
PIOSTAGE FREE,
B t utifully Illhstrated.
I- The SCIENTIFIC AMI CAN now in
its 30th year, enjoys the widest circulla
1- tion of any weekly newspapner of the kind
in the world. A new volume commentces
i January 4,1875.
Its contents emtblracie tlie latest and imost
C interesting inlirmuationm petallinlhn to the
SIndustria|l; Mechanlical, and Scientifie Pro.
gross of tire W'orld; D1) "ripthlnus, with
t earlitiul Engravings,of New Invemntions,
t New Proc nss', and Improved Industries
E of a:ll kinds; Usefll Notes, Reeiles, Sug
gestionls andu Advice, by 'Practical Writemrs,
finr Workmmn'i and Employers i ni all the
- various arts.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN is the
chelapest and best illustrated weekly pa
per pnblished. Every tnumber contains
ifroln 10 to 15 lriginmal engravings of new
machinery and novel inlventionls.
ENGItAVI'GS, illustrating Impllirove.
mmentt~, )iscoveries, andtl Important Works,
pertaliing to Civil and Mechanica' Engi
neerimg, Milling, Mining and Metallnrgy;
Records of the latest iproigress in the Ap
plicatiolns of Steam. Steamli Enigineering,
IHailaun S, Ship Building, Navigation.
Telegralphy, Tehlgraph Engineering, Elec
tricity, MIagnetism, Light amid Heat.
FARIMERS, Mechanics, Enfgineers,
Inventors, Malnuflacturers. Chemists, Lov
ers of Se~icre, 'eaichers, Clergymen, Law
yers, and People of all Professions, will
t fild the ScarrEiTI'c AIttEIrc.ix useful to
them. It shonld have a place in every
Family, Library, Study, office, anid Conult
Sing Rooum; in every Reading Room,
I Coilege, Acadenmy or School.
A year's lnumbers contain 832 pages aicl
I S ,EVIA.L HI.xthinD ExonAvINxo Tholl
F sands of Volumes lare ltererved for lind
ing and reference. The practical receipts
Ir well worth ten times the subscription
SAce. Terms $3 20 .a year by mail, in
Ildaing ipostage. Disc' unlt to Clubs Spe
cimens sent free. May be had ol' all News
Dealers.
PATENTS. 'In"""""'ection it
Ptile S Clt i:.T I FiC
AMEIICAIN, Mhesrs. Muss &t Co. aref
Solictors of American anmd Foreign Patents,
and have the largest estblishment in the
world More than fifty. tholnsalld appllcal
tions have been made for latents through
their agency.
Patents are obtained on the best terms
Models of New inlventions and sketches
examined and advice tree. A special
notice is made in the Scientific Amnerican
of all Inventions Patented through this
Agency, with the nliame and resident of
the Patentee. Patents are often sold in
part or whole, to persous attracted to the
invention by such noticer Send for
Pamphlet, 110 pages, laws and fiull di
rections for obtaining Patents.
Atedress for thi Piper, or concerning
Patents, Muxh' & Co., 37 Park Row
N. Y. Brach Office, car. F alrl 7th Sts.
Washinton, D C.
r Jny 11875.--Iv
-
JOUJRNAL~ OF.
AGRICULTUlRIE AND FAIR1ER.
A Weekly for Farm, 01'
Schard and Family Circle.
The Weekly Journaul and Farmer is a
) conlsolidatioa of the monthlyl Joulrnal of
Agricultnire and the Weeklly Midsonri
SFarmer, is now tile greatest leadilng popu
Ilar Fairml and Fireside paper of the
Southwent.
Its departments are complete and ably
edited. Thie Griange is a leading feature,
and this deprrtmnlent is always full of
good things contributed by the nmembers
of the Order. The ladies are heard
through the columnls devote~l to'their in
terests, and many hints of household
utility and good advice can be gleaned
by those who wish to beeo:om ornaments
in their homes and by their firesides.
All classes will be instracted by 'reading
the Journal of Agriulture alnd Falrmer,
and no family should be without it. Its
MARKET REPORTS
are complete, authentic and reliable, and
the paper is worth the subscription price
alone to get its markets, fresh and relia
ble.every week. ,
Send for it I Read it! Tike itiad
vice, and it will piHy you.
j Men and woulen, boys and girls, old
and young, give the Journal of Agricul
Sture amd Farmler a trial for one y'ear,
and see if you have not made a good in
Svestment. It is a large 8 page, 48 cltumn
weekly Agricultural, Grapgo and gami
ly Newspaper, and ISfretb from poliical
and religions disceUssipis, ind its ciaste
andl well written pages makes it a wel
conime visitor in tholrilsnds of householdsi
in the greit MJississillppiValley.
Club agents wanted, to whoom liberal
terms will be given. We wiait agents
I in every townr and villagY .
8iim4L for speciasi opy free, and we
ask that you send is time iunes otf'Tour
Sfriend., so Ihat we m.uy uiy d them sp.
cinlen opins. tmp
S ubsc'riptioh price, 9210. per annum;
. clnbs of 5 or urore, 1.10O ,ach. Postagle,
15 ceits muisnt be sent with each name,
as we prepay every paper sent out.
Address
-I G Q@V CI1E4 & ;co.,.
-'41O Rorti Sxth Stteet,
. CSti t 'tLals, Mo.
WHITEwATERWAGOI
we wll~aei dirta toll p saIl
-. Slt ,mlOm_0
e
, tI- us ;is the -
SEI~L~nR~t~
ML ri~. ·~~·
WE WANT AN AGENT.IIN
EVER" COUT
S-IN THE . r ,
UNITED STATES I
Gold Coin! $1,000.00 in Gold!
SWe Challenge the World,
Anid will forfeit $1,000 to any person who can produce a renedy whichl will prove
by actual test, a mnore speedy, Certain and etfeCtual Cure for all Pains and Aches ol
wha:tever ferm, external and internal, actte Or chronic, deep-seated or otherwise
than
Dr. Radoliffs Great Remedy,
Seven Seals or Golden WONDER
We have had this challenge of $1,000 prominently displayed in all our Cirnulara
land Newspaper Advertisements, foir the last font y'ears, Mnd' oiot taken, which
shows the superior excellence of our Remedy over all other, 7or Rxterual or In
ternal use.
It will Effect a Speedy Cure in all Cases of
Headache, Neuralgia, Toothache, Sprains, Bruises.
Flesh - Wounds, Burns, Colic, Cramp, Cholera
Morbus, Flux, Diarrhoea, Bronchitis. Catarrh,
coughs, colds, Inflammatory Rheuma
tism, Asthmna, Phthisic, Heartburn,
Indigesti'on, Summer complaint,
Painp in Side, Back or Loins,
Piles, Ringworm, Felons,
Stings of Insects, Bites of
Venomous Serpents,
and Especially Ru
matism.
A POWERFUL REMEDY Which is taken Internally by ANY ONE.
This celebrated medicine is beyondl a donbt the greatest discovery in Medi
cal Science known to the wo ld. Its action is at once felt ; its wonder
ful cures are instantaneous; in faes it literally deusolislhes pain.
EQUALLY GOOD FOR MAN OR HE AST.
REMEMBER WE GUARANTEE EVERY BOTTLE.
No Cure, No Pay!
Try it, and be Convinced.
-r00--~
SOURCE OP HAPPINESS TO MILLIONS OF SUFI'EIUING IHIMANITY.
Dnring the past four years the wonderful success of this Great Reunedy lists far
exceeded our most sanguine expectations; thousands have been cured, and thou.
sands have found out fromn actual experieun that Dr. Radclifi'e Great Remedy,
Seven Seals or Golden Wonder, is the Most Wonderful Pain Destroyer in Existence,
the Most Expedious, Safe anid powerful Remnedy known in the World. Cures sire
effected almost Instantly, as if by Magic. Thousamds of certilicates have beent re
ceived firou all parts of our broad land, unsolicited and unasked fi', speaking in
heartfelt and universal praise of this Great Remedy, from personal knowledge of
its almost miracul6us powers in curing the most obstinate and protracted cases of
Diseases.
--oo0-
$1,000 Profit in Four Months ! 1,87: One Dollar Bottles iHold !
REtAD THIS:
Scott Town, Lawrence Cotunty, Ohio.
Messrs. KENNEDY & CO.-Dear Sirs At this late hour I will inform you of the
great benefit I received from the use of Dr. Radcliffs Great Remedy, Seven Be:dls
or Goldeu Wonder, after lbeing confined to my bed for eight years with a complica
tion of diseases,iviz: D)yspeplsi, Broachitis,; Palpitation of the Heart, eVain in tihe
Right Side, with Genraml Debility, for which I tried the skill of our home physi
cianss, also a doctor of New York City, and two of Pittsburgh, and one illn tihe
northern part of Ohio. 'I'ook enough patent medicines to swim in-all to io pur
pose. At length I was induced to try Dr. HRaclitf+s Seven Seals or Golden Wonder.
I sent and got six fifty cent bottles; and before using it all found myself able to
travel in a Inaggy. Took the agency fhr its sale last April, fitour months ago, and
have sold thirteen gross, or 1,872 bottles, up to thiis dute, Agust 20th, 1872, and
expect fronl the growving delmnal d to sell ten thousand (10,000) bottles in the next
yemr. Getlehmen, if you think this worth using you can do so, as I am generally
knowm over three couities as a Insst of great atilietion.
Yours Resplectfuily, H. J. DARLING.
o---o -
'A REMEDY F.OL H ARD TII~ES. TRY IT.
FOIl TillS GREAT REMEDY WE WISH YOU TO ACT A8 01R AGENT.
-----,(H Id
De;iar Sir ;-The above fully explains thIe articles we wish to sell. T'lhs business
is homorable, and by being energetic, will paylv you well, It is our desire to ap
point am agent in every cousty in all part of tihe United States ani Canada. grant
nig to each the exclnsive right to sell every bottle sohl in tihe eounty. Should you
accept the agency tir one or more eonuties, yos shall have the exclusive right to
sell every bottle sold ill your eounty, as long as yeost eontinue to act as enr agent,
aid all orders which we may receive from syour territory shall be turned over to
your account.
This Wonderful Remedy, 8even se:uls or Golden Wonder, sells rapidly in the
hands of the right kimd of meno anmI we want none other. Now if you think you
are the man for the work, forward yoor ordIer, namne your eomity, and g to work;
you can sell a gross in a few days, ¢itihmt a doubt. We hIavo one mian who buys
onin an average three gross per week, sand his ordetrs are inmreasing rapidly, and he
has a small county, (Berks Co., Pa.) He writes that be expects to sell one groes
per day, at retail, the coming season, not eonting wholebale. You have the priv
ilege of selling wholesale or retail, or putting it on commission with druggists. or
selling by subl-agetta. This buissee is worth the attention of good men and men
of capital. Should you make but reasonable wages-may 100 per month for the
first three mouths (many make more)-you would nevertheless be establishing a
business that would pay you largely in the end.
Agents are doing better with our Remedy than anything else they ever took
hold of Why I this BeecauseM the Resmned.does just as we say, and our agents
can warrant every bottle. No cure, no pay. Knowing thut we make all losses
goal, should they be called on to redeem a bottle, agents run no risk of loss.
Seven Seals or Golden Woider is put upi illl,0l and 50 cent bottles, elegantly
finished in neat and appropriate wrappers, and packed in nice boxes, one dozen in
each box.
To druggists our scale of prices aroe-Large size, $1.0( bottles, per dozen, $8.00O
small size. 50 cent bottles, per dozen, $450.O.
We give speeial terus to our County Agents at such figures that they can sell
to drggists and country stores at the above price and make a handseme proftit.
We also give an
Extra Premium to Agents !
In order to have live, energetlei men to take hold of the business at once, we
have eoehluded to give free gratis to each and every agent a present of a handuomne,
* Coin Silver Hunting Watch, Free,
BeautifUlly engraved, and correct tidse-keeper, worth ?o0,00, and a certificate of
agency giving SOLE CONTROL of such county as the agent may select (not al
readyl.taken) and, furtbsrapore, all orders coming from sunch counties as the agent
may seleet, will be sent hack by us to the agent to be filled--iu fact we give sole
control of such coanties as long as the agent eontiunes in the busnemlss. Reentnember,
the Prfmium WPatch is given gratis to the agents. We take this plan to have our
Great Remedy .uinkly and thoroughly introducee. Let ns hear from you at your
earliest comveaience, and secutr your county at once, before being taken by some
one else. Rersember, this otfer is opsin for a short time only.
A,?mall Capital Requfred to Rusa Large Paling Business.
•The cptal required is very small, and the profits from it will tlly eqiilt that of
thoisamds of mrerchants who have invested a large capital in their bsiness. Hun
dreds in all parts of tie country are nmaking gfrom *1.500 TO $5,000 A YEAR.
And hundreds nmore will date their success from accepting our liberal offer at this
tune. Anhy one willing to work .for snccess canf force it, hat those who believe that
iteanb u 4 froe m idleness are not the kind of men we want to dpush our business.
A LIV, EN-ERGETIO AGENT.
As dne uneh is wort.h a dmzen who expect a baloses to push itself. We have spent
in pnsliug ourbusinsess ONE HUNDRED THOUSfAND DOLLAIW .
It has paid us todo it, and it pays tour agents, as it advertises it thouronughly in
every State, Coounty and Towashnip in the United State--nobt only for us, but for
the Agent Remember, this isa life business and that aever year it grows lrger
and larger. ,.ery ye- i.. grow -
We w;.ll aud to parties .ontemplating to act as our Aenti a SAM1PLE DOZEN
BOTT hSE pel packed  Fit our d...rnt Poster Bills, Show Crds, Terms, etc.,
UPO. T. R1uECIPT OF f.5o. 'And1 all sendingnt P0, for Sample Dozen, we
will send free of .harg.. Samples of our Eight Elig-a; Vhromo, entitled:
ofti r$` w, .;. + Peep! + Em t ,'~hb I ,First L'e," e .
I tyon wat. your uty, le us know as soon as ouvemsieut, as the territory say
R*EMBE, WB OfiARANTEr IYRBY B01mB£. *
(O CJRBI NO? fAL -
oWit the s  .ntia .q 'leve the Matter with yoa. We do not wish yo to
.ene +ulm. esso! wilul lUlow the haminas n s a busine, and reallly desire to make
,s ,W'R-we.,lut Iu.mi.dlPrrlt.; s Aios men. To ianh we will garantee
VICI-'s
PLORAL GtIrE
Pzor* 1876.
DP ULISIED QUARTERLY. JAt'A
ry Naimbt*i ust issued, and contains
over 1001' ages; 00 Engraving, descrip
tions of more thalt 50) of our best Flhw
era and Vefletabl~, wiil' directions for cul
ture. Colored Plate! etc., The most use
ful iiifl elegant work of tile kind in the
world. nmly 25 cents for the year. Pub
lished in i lishi and German.
Address; JAMES VICK,
Jaun. 16-1y. Rochester, N. Y.
ALL PAPERS QUOTE fRO iT !
THE
Detroit Free Press.
The livellest of family newspapers, full
of int-resttlti news, literature, humorous
sketches, spicy patarraph, etc. Sample
Copies free. Stbscriptlon $2 00 a year,
post-paid. Address
DETROIT FREE PRESS.
Detroit, Mich.
NEW YORK TRIBUNE I
The Leading American Newspaper.
THIE BEST ADVERTISING MEDIUM.
Daily, 1S0.00 a year; Semi-Weekly,
L.o00 Weekly; $'2.00
POSTAGE FREE TO THE SUBSCI
BER.
Specimen copies and advertising rates
free. Weekly, it elnlms of 30 or ottdre,
only $1.00, postage paid. Address
TolEy TPlfi1diE,
New York.
AIITIUR'S ILLUSTRATED
HOME MAGAZINE
FOR 1876.
Bright, cheerful, prgtfemsive; always up
to the advancing thlmuglt of time ntaes:
The Home Magazine takes rank with the
leading and muost influential perislicals
of the day. It is on the side of temper
ance andl trn ehlristiSml umrality. What
ever is hurtit1dl it condennmas without
fear or favor, and makes itself felt it the
,homes of the people as a power fot good.
The Great Household Malasgne of
America, is onure tloroughly lddti tilied
with the leople in their hoeie and so
cial life than any other periodical in the
country.
"Delorah Normanw ; her work dund her
reward,' A new serial story by T. S.
Artltur till Ie commenced in January.
"FIFTY YEARS AGO; or the cabins
of the West," by Rosella Rice, We an
noutiee this new series of articles with
real p'easure. kmmnou*ig as we do that it
will be amnong tIhe lmost attractive that
we ehirll offer otlr readers nelt year.
Miss Rice besides holding the pen of a
ready writce has in hot possesSion a large
amnodtt of original madterial fromn which
to draw, and a wide acquaiitance with
people whose personal reminiscence are
rich with pioneer incidents amid experi
ences.
"Hnomes for the People," a series of ad
adnrably siggestive articles on homes and
horw to make theim pleasant and attrac
tive, by Mrs E. B. Dntes'.
"The Story Teller." T1hit 4pamrttnent
will be unusually rich. Mseldes an
abundaince of short Storics, two or three
serials will be rivenl during the year.
'Pilpeissiway" Potts the inlimnitaible de
lineatfor 6f hlnle life an|d efnttetr, will
have lan arti:le int every nuiintr.
Butterick's newest ptt terms for ladies'
andl cililkdteis' dresses are giveln byl 
eial iarramlgemlenat every nmolittia
ThIe Mothers' Deparltnent will h ceare.
fully edited and have suggestive artitles
front our best anid meet experienced wri
ters.
Tihe Honaekeefteieis' iepttimi will be
full aand practical, and colntain malny eio
tributiomm from experienced housekeep
erCs
*'The Lion in Love' anud "'rhe Interrmp
ted Reader," two large and splendid pro.
miumn engravings. One of these is sent
free to every subscrlber.
2 50a year is the prlee o(ARTIWIR'8
ILLUSTRATIED HOME 5IAGAZ[NE.
In clubs; 3 copies for #6; 6 anrd one ex
tra to thie getter up of the club $1". 10
and one extra $20. $I 15 cents must
be added to each subscription for py
paymient of postage for the year. 8S1
cimen unmlbers 15 cents, In currenacy or
postage stanps..
T. S. ARTHUR A SON,
WILLIAMS' MOWER REAPER
SrPLE, BirGE & CO,
13 South ahiSirbet S. L, S oui
EVERT FARMEIR HIS OWN HILLERL
CHALLENGE fEED MILLS
Combined
a~-a
Osage Corn and Cob Mirl.
-. r fe eN m ml k, ss e. Syq,
SEMPILE, BID BU h CO,
3s3 P~ ana b ass ., St IUIsu
THE DUBOIS PATENT
SoOTTr o" Gz r.
Yhslhdsesie mhi..a t las I.Is . at
.s ,i.a s 9i n.m . irs.. . eSsl .
tAgllmmllmpb ms&Umhnmes me
a.............. ...........
toseM~anal. . 9.1ct
WHY YOU 1SHOULD TAKlE
THE CINCINNATI NQItIRlE
It is the Pebpih's lpt i, ilev.oted
their interests and wel:are. t0
It is an impartial friend to all ,1e~ ana
measures that benefit the cuunjtry.
it is the enemy of all iurj aIul ia.
iiife tidt 'eek only perunal ruin at thl
expetise of the conutry's wtelfare.
Its editorial columns are for thaee1m
cial purpose of exposing the frauls
government othieia N, and laws eaI b t
in languatge calulhtted to deceive the ia.
derstanding, anl make plain to its r s
brs the I*ttetived eathuses And al et otf
geinrais ahi spgilat tgiyislative aets.
Its neWs columns conitaitn the
news and intelligence that can be oebb
edr from the four quarters of the lg.
by means of the telegralph, ihtaii
correspondence.
Its agricultural columilns are tt. Iba
idapic to the wants of trmera , itg
wghoa are invitedl to give their ea
encie and results of new ideas and
periinelt,_ of all kinds of improvalbt
calcnlatel ttl adtncwee the friaftit k
terests.
One tsatie of the Enquirer eontaig
more solid informatiicn and intellij l
than can be had from fifty of the so ea
ed literary papers. None can lay ajM
the Enquirer without admitting a .V
able addition to his or her stock uolkaU-j
edge.
Its nmatlet teporta have for years tel
acknowledged as fhe 31obt eompletR aN
reliable published, and of great valik t:
Stock Dealers, Producers and Trat:
men generally.
It has depautments and reading tr thL
old and the youag. For the fanlJy cir:
cle and the counting house-Fortleer
chant and meclimwit-Fot the feaer au
stock dealer, and for ladies ant .Ia*
mien of every calling and stationu ls J
Its terms amre lw as any irst clm a
per can be printed for, and the quali;.
and luanttty of realing mrtttet used
excelled bt any other papet.
Try it for this year. A Chrome 6
every $2.00 8ltf1sariber. Send your mb
scription direef'to the office.
R. R. R.
RADWAY'S READY REIUL
OUES= THE WORST s' ug
in from One to Twenty Minutes
newt ONE HOUR
lerrsdtaWaineý rere astl aasiree .
fL'BPFR WITH PAIN. -
RADWATbS EADT RlIJEP In A oUtnI )
VIT r PAIN.
It waths rtand
'the Otly Pain Reamed
rBUMATI5. BW5Irh, f nppleW t
IN FTOM Ol TO TNT NINI .,
. ea o~l .~)_e u . u.r npebdm, t u ,_
RADWAM'S READY RELu
t*ILL APPORt INrtANT aVI.
IWAMMATION OF TRK KIbNPTS.
IN..LAOMATION OF Tit XAM
i0 OOIIGTCRI, IOD 03 iNI
•PlTR A a, Ae5
IRFBRlANDAGUeufoI Aly ON ~t IE
ITslty drllllMiftworld r Dwi ni
glse. at I Ma_ rn 1 i
TAR-Ts, IMAICKI aUMsA.,D WA
DYIR .T .COLC. ID UI
HEAdA1LTH1 BEAPITYl
Truwe Amno nmn. Airc armea-sa e U
OFF.elr e*WHi He. An SKbmlp
Pais rillo a leaket
avIII ttres orIiO Pd apIiIsa 1 os
FelYN tnDAOuEcHRAterefty emS. Ihs"
IRhoi U, Ye CKo ir e Fe W11 t
Iw, . wtem.....oas.
-TBORN .IARND CiC WIN 3L00-INIE PT
3IAUFYI TIFU~ lVONFA~LUZONSUS
ayse Kas leem s
DR. R ADWAY'
eare
Iieaitbb, aimlentl Ow wrldwlly _.Mllem..
r anflt al In 1,hlt
TeaH l oREA 5 a0timbuua. 
"41.+rll'l, #rAD UA F
iii *iq •ta i a=iipap
- maetaL oCumemptI
wM hf. w f o alm Im r
amias. Womb, as ood *.keia Jm
~~ 1~w
Udu
ZldUg ~ Bh~dde