largest Circulatioan of Jany
Coumtry Paper in the State.
Rates of Subscription.
On Year ........ ..... .......
Six Montihs... . . - .1
yNosubcription taken lfr les thuorn h
months.
*1.L~S
*OSSOE . T
ý V ý J
9 ASSO
Arrival and Departure ofr ails.
NEW ORLEANS.
ARRIVE : DEPART :
ToeedaY 4 r'. 3. Mild:ay 9 A. M.
Friday 4 P. M. Thursday 9 A a.
saonrday 8 P. M. T'rhurday 4 . M.
snnday 4P. M. Sat nrday i9 A. M.
SHREVEPORIT'.
ARRIVE: DIEART :
Every day except Every day except
Mooday, 9 A. M. Saturday 9 A.. 1.
TEXAS.
ARRIVE : 1)PART
Tuesday 6 A. T. Thiursday 6 .~. M.
Friday 6 A. 31. Monday ; . 1.
WINNFIELD.
ARRIVE: DEPART :
TbnrNlay 6 P M1. Weldnesday 6 A. 1.
Friday 6 P. M. Saturday 6 A. 31.
MINIDEN.
ARRIVE : IEPART :
Tuesday 6 P. M. WedeIsday 6 A. M.
Friday 6 P. 3I. Saturday 6 A. NI.
MRS. 31. A. BURKE, P. M.
Special Notice.-Cavil Bray. Esq., of
Vernon parish, is the duly authtorized
agent for the VINrrIC.ToR in Vernon par
iah, and all contracts ma:de by him will
be fully ratified and carried out by us.
E. F. Presslev an1d .J. HI. Caldwell, are
oar agents for Sabinle.
Dr. S'0. j. Joff, of Deioto parishi,
is the reqjidar aultulhorizeiI (I ia1(elliiu
Agent for the Vlindiator.
SPECIAL NOTI(CE.
No Judicial adrertiscement will be
inserted in this paper hereafter, .un
less the Attorney becomes security
for the adrertixing bill, hicheh must
be paid on FIRST INSERTION, or
they will be diseontinued.
PARISH AND CITY NEWS.
.LOCAL GLEA.NIN(G.
Dcmiuoes are all the go.
Crops are qnite promising.
Cane river continues to rise rapidly,
cle and mint-how great the demand.
"Corn in tassel," is now reported.
We have been blessed with several
One showers since our last.
Nights quite cool, and blankets pleas
ant.
Mr. John Genoe favors us with a splen
did bead of cabbage. Thanks.
Fin lot wagons at reduced prices
at McCook & Bro.
The beef in our market is excellent.
Ditto the mutton. Why can't they keep
it up the year round.
Judge D. Pierson, with M. J. Cunning
bte, Esq., are still absent attoending Dis
trict Court in Coushatta.
Go to McCook & Bro. for planta
ftin supplies, &c.
Your local would beg to state, that
Porter Brown was a white man, not col
ored as our New Orleans contemporaries
state.
450 PLOWS, different styles and
S make at McCook & Bro.
The Bart Able was up at he nsala
" hour on Tuesday last, and placed us un
der the usual obligations for favors in
the way of a full file of late journals.
QUERY: "Why will men smoke comn
" Mon tobacco, when they can buy Mar
burg Bros. 'Seal of North Carolina,' at
the same price t" Feb 9 '78-1y.
Our complaint now is of cold nights
fires and warm blankets at night were
relered necessary by the sudden cold
leap, and there is much complaint of
sickness resulting therefrom.
W. e beg to call attention to the I.egal
Card of H. 8afford, Esq., in this weeks is
ae. Mr. Safford is a gentleman whose
pltessional ability is recognized and we
as sure his worth will command a good
17 share of practice.
One of the most convenient articles for
house is the Patent Shade, owned and
old exclusively by McCook & Bro. C.ll
sad see it.
gTq payers are scarce and the collector
h blue. However, those who owe licen
4i te had better keep an eye on the Grand
hey.
Nor Too LATE-A small lot genuine
C hem's cotton seed for sale by Mc
~tS & Bro.
*W e taw pined to auuouuce the recent
ciw plhii illness of Judge C. Chaplin
Th Judge has been suffering from a
dslrder which has necessitated surgical
ad for Nslef. We hope, with his host
of (blead,tlie early and complete re
eevery.
The boys who irt the Court House
are Ah I thoplalted walls with pen
lhl h1iebogI4 , which we believe is in
-iolatn of existing State statutes. The
boys sbobld be dareful or they may be
Sie "put ln an appearance" before
anext Grand Jury.
RE~ wITES, sow PIGS FOR
abY"*op a paim C 'I HELL.
Complaints are loud san long among
aes ofeicials in the Court House,
-bejbo .qfting. the bunilding, msa
.neenary noise sand disturbing
-ieatais' the discharge of their
The boyas are capturipg tame
s theempola o the building (a
lI pa4I , to say the least
I,) )u UakiD thd*eirves a nuisancee
b uals. atop it at oonce or
 'Ila ms II
Sam. Black was before the Mayor for
'" violation of ferry ordinance, in crossing
the river by private conveyance, to the
dY etriment of the public ferry. Sam Black
was provn(. to have crossed in his own
skill' and went free.
'rTe Mayor desires us to inform parties
Sinterested tlhat insane pelsons have to go
I,eft,re, the cnnrts fror interdiction, lie
havinig no jurisdiction in the matter.
1 5 SACKS Texas Rust Proof Oats
A just received at McCook & Bro.
Tihe AssUMI'hoN is the independent
steamer in the trade. She fights the
Transportation Company because there's
no more sugar to "haul" in the low ciin
tries ; when there is, fhi will return and
leave us to our first love. Carrying
freight is a matter of business and we
think candidly that the Pool line has af
forded us better facilities than we ever
before enjoyed. However, as long as
"quarter card rates" are the go we can't
blaune shippers for taking advantage
thereof--for it's business you see.
The Catholic Ladies' of the Aid Society'
are reqtuested to meet at Mrs. M. H. Car
vers, on Sunday next, after High Mass.
Make home happy by buying a family
right of patent broom and scrub broom
combined, at McCook & Bro.
We beg I call the attention of I lie
Ipllie to the card of johhn it. lanna,
Esq., New Orleans, La., dealer in. grain,
hay and kiln-dried meal, In this week's
issue. Mr Ilanna was formerly a citi
zen of this place and we solicit for him a
share of business patronage, with the as
surance that they \will be fairly dealt
with.
The ratle tfr the benefit of the clil
s dren of our dead friend ALrx. GARzt.. h:;
t been postl,,ued until all chances are
r taken. We earnestly hbg olur citizens to
ill suhscribe, their mite to the laumdable
charity.
A full line of all grade goods at re
duced prices at McCtook & Bro.
t, As an evidence of what a railroad will
!/ do, we are informed that J. A. Dale Esq.,
sold last week to Capt. Jas. Brogan, 240
acres of Pine Hill land for $1000, or a
little more than $1 per acre. A month
c ago the land was valueless. This tract
is situated near the line of 'he N. O. Pa
cific Railroad, and is valuable only for
its timber. That is what we call the
tfirst gini fir the railroad.
Our Methodist friends are at last in
funds sntlicient to construct their con
tetmplated Church building, and we wish
to congrntulate them on their success.
'T'o the untiring efforts and zeal of their
able and Christian' Pastor, the Rev. J.
'T. Hough, is all this due, and as an ap
preciation of his efforts, we suggest that
our friends name their Church from him,
It will be a well deserved honor which
I1 all will applaud.
Mc Cook & Bro. is still receiving at
al full line of all styles of goods at low.
er prices and to suit the times.
After the execution of Poter Brown, a
party of men who had attended, were
returning home from Many, Sabine par
ish, pretty well filled with fighting whis
, key, and of course, got into a ruction.
The result was the stabbing of two men,
Sthe smashing of a bottle of Castor Oil
over tihe head of another, and the usual
"fist damage"'to several more. No one
was fatally hurt, fortunately.
Crops.-We hear very cheering news
from our farmer friends throughout the
parish. The icreage of corn is even
- larger than last year, which betokens
pirosperity itself, and we may now look
t for plenty of breadstuffs. Oats in the
- Hills are fine as usual, while there are
, but few planted on the alluvials we note
that Colonel Levy has 8 acres as beauti
ful as ever grew. Grains and grasses are
attracting attention, and this follows our
improvement of stock.
A short ride down the river showed
improvements that surprised us. Plank
Sfencitg has almost entirely replaced the
old Virginia rail, and the cut-off's are all
gone-fonced in and under cultivation,
while for miles Cane River lands look
t like a gardetn. Cotton is suffering some
from the cool nights, but we hope they
will give place to our usual weather at
this season, in a short while.
STihe following are the latest additions
, to the Vindicator exchequer.
R. R. King, Selma, Ale.
T. J. Flanner, Bermuda, La.
Jas. Wise, Alexandria,ta.
N. F. Scopini, Grappe's Bluff, La.
Wmin. Blndworth, Conshatta, La.
T. Tanzin, City.
II. Simon, do.
0. A, Wallace, P.O.
r C. N. Carter, P. O.
I J. H. Carter, do
J. H. Hanna, New Orleans.
J. E. Prothro, P. O.
8. E. Russe, Grappe's Bluff.,
Bnggies and Wagons for sale at re
duce prices at McCook & Bro.
The Anteeedents of Disease.
Among the antecedents of disease are
inertness in the circulation of the blood,
an unnaturally attenuated condition of
the physique, indicating that the life
current is deficient in nutritive proper
ties, a, wan, haggard look, inability to di
gest the food, loss of appetite, sleep and
strength, and a sensation of nnatnral
langour. All these may be regarded sI
among the indicia of approaching disease
which will eventually attack the system
and overwhelm it, if it is not built up
and fortified in advance. Invigorate,
then, without lose of time, making choice i
of the greatest vitalizing agent extant,
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, an elixir
which has given health and vigor to
myriads of the sick and debilitated, which
is avouched by physicians and anaylysts
to be pure as well as effective, which is
immensely popular in this country, and
extensively usneed abroad, and which has '
been for years past one of the leading I
medicinal staples of America. May 4-4t i
The Franklin San man apologizes (
for his appearance on a half sheet, t
and gives as a reason therefor his l'
marriage. T'his is not the first re
corded instance of a newly married a
man appearing 5t a half sheet.
The death of Orton, President of the 5
W. 1. Telegraph Co., does not'in the d
least effect that Corponration.
costeartiotl. ti wips thin four milt teit Red Rives. m
Itwhich is itavi'~ahle doting the entire year. Tihe
New OrIleans Pacific Rtailroad, now in itoirse' of
const ruction, will pass within ten mi les. Sothn
and West of ts ; etl'orts have been made to so
tore a tap road which we are cttain will Ibe
ro teffected. At present we are within ii hotrs
run of New Orleans, per steamer, and within it
le hours of Shreveport. where railroad cotii, tni
cation is open to all Western and Northern
markets.
S Our town has three churches, Ca'tholit' Epis
holpal andi Methodist, the latter in courset' of
0. construction), attended by large and growing
conigregations,. while tntle'reils clihurches of' lthe
it satue denomiinations, anlld the Baptist, aret seat.
tered throughout the parish, atitrding treligios
lfacilities as geood as in ainy section. We have
'a thret'e handsoie school buillings, and nuttierottus
private and public schools in the town, whilst
t over 40 pubhlic schtools were sustained during
Id the past year in the parish, through the public
school fund.
tg Public education is attracting great atrention,
Santi during the one year which the native citi.
zen has had control of them it has been shown
.f that the imnportance of a goold commnnon achool
edlucation is tnot to be overlooked. Somtie trou
r ble has been had in sectring the services of
Scompetint instroctors. but in a short time all
difticulties now attending onr public schools
t will he overcomne
Natchitoches has over 40 stores antd business
Shouses, blacksmith shops, anti wagon and cart
shops; while there is a great demand for manu
factories none have yet sprang up. A Foundry
Swould pay well here, as also would wagon and
plow factories, cotton and wool mills, planing
Smachines, etc.
lThe town and parish are growing nsome in
Ipopnihttion, and recuperating from the long rile
of the errpet-bagger anti ignorant negro; as in
fet the State and the whole South. The popu.
In lation of the parish is about 20,100. while there
is atiple rosm for tell times that ntumber -not
miot e than one-tenth of the areable land being in
citlivation. The soil around this town is allu
to vial and as rich as any in the worldi, while it is
inexhaistable. Farmers raise Cotton, Corn,
, Oats, Sugar 'Cane, Rice (highland) Grasses, To
, bacet; and our climate makes this section con
genial ftir the yield of grains of all kinds. As
a stock country this is unsurpassed. Our win
ters are mild. never beginning ibefore the early
p:tl of )Decemnber. and rarely continuing later
a than the last of February. Much attention has
beeln given, within the last two years, to the im
proving and rearing of cattle, horses. sheep antd
hIt gs. and within a short time this section will
snt'eessfitlly compete swith any inl the 'nion
;n th nt.
Good land can be had for from $2 to $i1 per
acre. The price heing regulated by improve
Stentaen location &e. House rent in town front
$5 to $20 per month. Good. comfiortable tene
Sment houses rent readily for $10 per month.
r trops are cultivated on the sihare system, very
few paying wages.
e As a home for an agriculttral population this
seetion has few to equal it, certainly none asu
Iperior, atnd till such would meet with a hearty
and generous welcome. We desire, and especi
ally invite mechanics, agriculturists anti capi
talists fromT the North to come among usne, "to
obey the laws. forget all prejudices, work hard"
11 and to aid uits in building up our town and par
ish, and hringing prosperity within our gates.
*' To all such we say, CoMR ! We have the HOMES
0 to exeh.tnge for your brain and muscle.
PORTER BROWN!
It
t MURDER OF DR. W. H. EVANS!
I
) r
, History of the Killing of Dr. H. W.
Evans by Porter Brown,
MARCH FOURTEENTH, 1877.
(Sabine Sonthron.)
h On the 13th day of March, 1877, Ben
. Goodloe crossed the Sabine River at Sa
r bine Town Ferry, on his way from Tex
. as to Sabine Parish, Louisiana.
After crossing the river, having with him
a donble-barrel shot gun, he fell in with
J. F. Beavers, and, together, they
rode to the place of Mr. Leon Brown.
SWhen riding together, Ben. Goodloe
said to Beavers that he intended to arrest
Dr. H. W. Evans, and that he in
tended to kill him, and wanted some as
sistance.
Dr. Evans had, a few weeks previous
to this time, married Ben. Goodloe's
a sister. On the day after his marriage, he
e was arrested on the
CHARGE OF BIGAMY,
and carried to Hemphill, Texas, where
' he was tried and honorably discharged.
" After his discharge, Dr. Evans, with
I his young and beautiful wife, moved over
I in Sabine Parish, Louisiana, and were
e boarding at Dr. W. R. Curtis's, on the
Negrete, where Dr. Evans commenced
the practice of his profession, dentistry;
and he and his young wife were living
i happily together. The lovely wife look
" ed forward to many days of joy with him
a whom she had chosen as a companion
I through life's journey. Ah!little thought
e she, on that 14th of March, that the dis
e troyer was so close, so near at hand, that
in so short a time her happiness would
0 be turned into wailing, her joy into bit
- ter woe, and that she should lie called to
B mourn over the lost and the loved.
r HOW PORTER BROWN'S HANDS BECOME
DYED WITH EVANS' BLOOD.
1 On arriving at Brown's, it so happen
' ed that Ben. Goodloe found several par
a tiesjhere, and Porter Brown among the
number. Goodloe addressed these par
ties, stating he was on his way to arrest
Dr. Evans, and wanted some assistance.
Mr. E. C. Dillion, in the pfesence and
0 hearing of all the others, asked Goodloe
Yif he had any warrant or authority to
t arrest Dr. Evans, to which he replied in
the negative. On this statement, all the
parties, except Porter Brown, plainly in
formed Goodloe no assistance was to be
had there. Brown, however, rode off
with Goodloe, procured a double-barrel
shot-gun, and together they rode to the
residence of Mr. Abram Roberts, about :
one mile from Dr. Curtis's, where they
spent the night, having but little to say
to Mr. R., and never intimating as to
what was their mission. Early next
morning (14th) both with their guns, left
Mr. Roberts's, and rode in the direction
of Dr. Curtis's.
GOODLOE BENT ON MURDER.
Ben. Goodloe went to the house alone,
and was met by his sister, who, as on
former visits, kissed him and inquired
after the family. Ben. Goodloe asked,
"where was Dr. Evans 1" Mrs. Evans
infsrmed him "he had taken a atoll up
the creek, but to be seated, the doctor
would soon be back ;" to which Goodloe I
replied, "Go call him, I wish to see him."
Mrs. Evans did go and call him, but
soon returned, saying to her brother that
"he did not answer, supposed he did not
hear her." Ben. Goodloe here evinced
some restlessness or excitement, and was
asked, "what was the matter." He re
plied "there was a d-n sight the matter;
that he had his crowd with him, and had
come after Dr. Evans, and was going to
have him." With thit expression, he
grabbed his gun, walked to the gate, a
mounted his horse and gave a whoop,
when Porter Brown was at once seen to
ride out of the woods into the road some
two hundred yards from Dr. Curtis's
house, and it so happened just as he reach
ed the road, from the oppsite direction
came Dr. Evans. Brown immediately
presented his gun upon Evans, telling
him if he moved he would kill him; that
he was a prisoner. Mrs. Evans and Dr.
Curtis tried to prevent his doing so,
Goodloe threatening to shoot his own sis
ter if she attemped to go to him. Good
loe and Brown now marched Dr. Evans
off ahead of thbem, on the road leading to a
Sabine Town Ferry, and about one half
mile from the ferry, in Sabine botton. c
DELIBlRATELY AND IN COLD BLOOD,
murdered him, and then dragged his body g
some eighty yards from the road into ah
dense thicket.
Evans's person was then robbed of <
what money and valuables he had about
him, and the two murderers went on their
way rejoicing, crossed the river at Ed
f rington's ferry, above Sabine Town,
coining down to Sabine Town, where
I ;hey
UNRII'SHINGLY TOLDl WHAT THEY HAl)
DONE.
Mr. l)avid Carter asked Brown "if
they had left the body where it c:ould
he found for iurial," to which Blrowi
replied: "lie dlid ntot know, and didn't
care a d-n."
Goodlie and Brown made but a short
stay in Sabine Town, and fled to Kaf
man county, Texas. The good people
of Sabine, especially of Negreet, offered
a reward by subscription for the arrest
of the murderers, and Messers. John Par
rott and J. C. Stroud followed them, and
succeeded in the apprehension of Brown
and bringing him to justice.
TiHE TRrAL.
At the September Term, 1877, of our
District Court, Brown and Goodloe were
indited for the murder of Dr. Evans, and
t at the February Term, 1878, Brown was
put on trial. E. F. Pressley, Esq., ap
t peared for the defence, and District At
g trniey W. P. Hall, and J. i. Smith,
Esq., for the prosecution. The evidence
disclosed the murder as so deliberate, so
n unprovoked and brutal, that the jury
could not do otherwise than return a
tverdict of "'uilty," on the hearing of
which Brown evinced no emotion what
ever. And even when brought into
court for sentence, when all other faces
were sad, all other hearts -moved, he
stood viewing those around him with a
dogged serowl.
THE I)DATiI WARRANT.
On the 8th of April the death-war
i rant was signed by the Governor and
r transmitted to Sheriff Alfred Lout, and
to-day, 10th of May, named as the day
when Brown should expiate his crime
upon the gallows.
PREPARES FOR JUDGMENT.
On the 4th instant, Father Aubrie,
of this place, broke to the doomed man
the news of the fate that awaited him,
and has since been with him all possi
ble time, making every effort to have
him prepare his soul for its exit to an
other world. It is sad to think that one
should die so young, and then, too, upon
the gallows Brown will leave an aged
father and mother, sisters, and two
younger brothers, to mourn his fate,
brought, however, upon himself by his
own act.
A "journal out East" tells us that
"democracy means equal rights to all
men under the law and a liberal con
cession towards those who may
chance to differ with us in their
views."
Now we take it that the above is a
neat platform upon which almost any
tperson can stand. And then you
know there's no pledges-no nothing,
to borther the nice officials when they
"get in." Such democracy is really
beautiful. No principles to battle
for, only spoils.
The prospects of the "Sunday news
papers" against anything like vigor
is sickening. These sheets should re
member that the VINDICATOR was a
bold defender of democracy when
they were either unborn or quietly
nibbling on radical crumbs-the price,
and dear at that, of their silence.
That a great many, really good
newspaper men may not remain long
er in ignorance, we beg to remind
them, that a "principle of law" is
one thing, and a "quible" or "techni
cality" quite another.
It may be excusable in a pleader
to deal in the latter, at least it is
custom, but it is irfamous in aJudge.
Junius excoriated Lord Chief Jus
tice Mansfield for dealing in "quirks
and quibbles," and we commend his
letter on that subject to our confreres
of the Louisiana Press, as very in
teresting reading. t
That Railroad.
Are our people dead ? Wili they
refus to assist themselves? It seemst
so, for we cannot hear a word of tihe
tap road. We can rest, assured that
nnless we _Pt our own bshoulders to
the wheel, that nothing will be done
for us. Again we beg the property 5
holders to move in the matter Now,
because they can complete the work e
required cheaper than at any other I
time.
t
CRAIN-TERRETT-At the residence
of H. B. Walmsley Esq.. at 10 a. m., a
Tuesday, May 14, 1858, by Rev. C. A. i
Cameron, Dr. Penn Crain, and Mrs.
Virginia E. Terrett, both of this parish.
May their pathway through life be
over the sunny waters of perfect happi. I
ness, with the golden harbor of eternal d
felicity brightly illuming their journey's I
close.
Shreveport. Alexandria and New Or.
leana papers please copy. t
Tramps Incerease.
[Courier Journal.]
During the last ten years billiard
and whisky saloon-keepers have in
creased four hundred per cent. in this
country, while farmers have increased
but twenty-five per cent. These 4
fguresafow better than anything else a
the tendency of the country. Thons- a
ands of able-bodied men enter the e
tramp class, simply becanB they are T
demoralized and too lazy to come
down to "honest toil." A large class i
of men go at once into thie whisky
business if they can scrape together a li
-few hundred dollars. Sons of farmers b
turn their backs on the paternal acres h
and go to the cities, where they enter 1t
stoles at pitiful salaries, and, spend- 2
ing their spare hours at gambling
hells and houses of shame, soon drift
into the gutters. Repugnance to toil
is the basis of the tramp system; the g
basis of the current outlawry, both b
of which are distinguishing features ii
of the Northern States. The large e
cities are overrun with work-shirkers i
who would not take the slightest in- "
terest in olffefs to work on fprmgats
$20 a month and board, sad yeto p
howling 'about thie streets complain- d
ing of hard times and talking of the a
"rights of the poor mana,"
t News from Our Friends.
VERNON.
PARISH OF VERNON,
May 4, 1878.
Dear Vindicator :
Press of business and derth of items of
interest have p)reventetd Imei froml writijug
f lfr several weeks. Our planters in this
I pa1rih hitve been pushing ahead their
fa11n work, anld have generally a fa lir
t shnow in for trips. Stanils of both corn
anl I)ottron a:le gooll. So)me are through
with cottoni scri:ping., thoyg Oil on most
places in tIis vicinity scraping wll be
gin next week. Garden are fine, though
etcdling rain.
Mr U. A. IBrown Is burned out of
t "ho e ou l home" last Turesday niight,
saving nothing conmrparatively, (a few ar
Sticles of hbedding and wearing apparel,)
all his sipphes for his famintly, consisting
of several hInnllred ponils of Ilacon, 51)
or 75, gallons of lard, `2 barrels of mo
lasses, coffee, flour, salt, &c.. his dwelling
r (a large and tcomfortable buliings), a
kitchen and dining room, just finished,
and his smoke house, 7 pairs of plow
gear, and a tine sewing machine, just
b Iought, were swept away in a few min
utes. his garden being so close to the
buildings that it was also destroyed.
The Corn crib was not near enough to
She burned, and Ihe has therefore plenty
of corn. I am informed, there are strong
grounds for Ielieving this sad affair, to
he the work of an" incendiary, as the
fire when first discovered, (about 12 at
night) was not contignous to any of the
chimneys on the place, but seems to
have been ignited at the jacntiou of the
a kitchen roof with that of the dwelling.
e At the rear end of an open passage or
entry running through the house from
front to rear, and not nearer than 20 feet
to any fire place or chimney. This is cer
tainly horrible. Mr. Brown is one of our
best citizens, an industrious and thorough
going man, and by his thrift and energy,
had placed himself and family above
want. It is certainly a hard fate that
calls on a man to stand by and see the
fruit of years of patient toil swept away
at one fell swoop of the destroying An
gel ; but such is the bitter lot of many
of us.
Yours Truly,
VERNON.
THE BLOODY SHIRT.
The Radical Programme.
In accordance with the resointion
I agreed upon by the recent caucus of Re
publican Senators, a resolution will be
offered in the Senate that the Fourteenth
and Fifteenth Amendment to the Consti
tution having been ratified by the several
States, they should be enforced by the
Executive. It will be adopted and sent
to the House. If the House rejects it a
I howl will be raised that the Democratic
House refuses to acknowledge the Consti
tutional Amendments. If the House adopt
it, such action will play an important
r part in the programme the Radicals have
agreed upon as necessary for offering it.
Stripped of all clap-trap, the resolution
Smeans that the Republicans serve notice
on the Democrats that they intended to
make a square fight in every Southern
I District where the colored vote predomi
nates. In their calculation of possible
contingencies the Republican Congression
Sal Committee have set down to their
r side of the slate three districts in Missis
sippi held by the Democrats, three distri
cts in North Carolina and they expect to
hold one in Louisiana, three in South
Carolina and two in Alabama. The res
olution means that if there is, during the
canvass, the slightest disturbance in any
r of the Southern Districts which they will
- contest,Hayes is to be asked to use armed
forces, under the specious plea that the
Amendment can not be enforced other
wise. The Radical managers will have
no hesitancy in provoking outrages and
stirring up bad blood, and nnder the
Spopular excitement which they hope to
create at the North by a few outrages,
which will be either manufactured to
order or provoked, force Hayes to put
troops in the Southern States, and con
duct the campaign on the old isnsues of
sectional hate. No one seems able to
conceive of any other subject in offer
ing the resolutions, and such Radical
Congressmen as can be induced to say
any thing about them talk in the old vein.
They say the Fourteentlh and Fifteenth
Amendments are not enforced iu the
Mouth, and the Radical party does not in
tend to give up this, their old and favor
ite war-whoop.
Not only do the Republicans propose
thus to make an effort to get the next
Honuse, but by all means they inteud to
make a warm fight to secure a majority
of the State delegations. The importance
of this is patent. It may be that the
next House of Representatives will elect
the President of the Unites States. In
such an event each State would have but
one vote. The whole number of votes cast
would be thirtyeight, of which twenty
would bo a majority and esufficient to
elect. In the present House of Represen
tatives the oRepublicans have a majiority
of the delegation in the States of Maine,
New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts,
Rhode Island, Pennsylvania, New York,
Ohio, Indians, Illinois, Iowa, Wisconsin,
Nebraska, Michigan, Minnesota, Kansas,
Nevada, and Oregon- in all, seventeen
States. These they claim they can hold,
and count sAmia in the next House
Colorado and ifornia sure, with an
even chance or'Florida, which in the
present House is evenly divided. Should
their expectations, which are reasona
ble, pan out, the Republicans will have
twenty States, sufficient to elect a Presi
dent: and even though the House might
be Democratic, it will thus be seen how
it is possible for the Republicans to elect
aPresident. If Ohio is redistricted, which
is anxiously hoped for by the Democrats,
it will be almost impossible for the Re.
publicans to secure a majority in twenty
States deligations; but in that event they
will make a warm fight for a majority
of the vote in New York. Of course, in.
dependant of this. they will make a big
effort for a majority of the House, but
will put in their hottest work to secure
enough ofathe delegaton to give a Republi
can President if the election is thrown in
to the Houese.
The 1el Flag.
The eighth annual Convention of the
American Labor Reform League in New
York, was presided over by E. H. Hay
wood who made the opening address, say
ing that the League seeks liberty to as
sert the natural right of all people to do
their best at their own risk, and to repeal
all laws recognising property. and to ab
abolish all monopolies which gives prop
erty special advantages against labor.
The following reaoltions were adopted:
Reaolved, That since capitalists take
life and distroy property to retain their
power to steal, t Kerney men who in.
voke the halter in Calonia and the Mol
lie Maguires, reported to have killed coal
bosses and railway strikers, are morally
lawful belligerants, justly exercising the
the same rights of dsfensive warfare ap
plauded in tipping British tea in Boston
Harbor: in John Brown's march on Har
per's Ferry, and in killing of pro-slavery
Southerners by Northern Unionists.
Resolred. That the chief mission of the
Silver Bill Greenback movement is to
basten resumption when debts paid once
in the form of interest will be paid for
ever, and all hail the growing and irre.
sistible tedencies South and West to
second the purposes of theINew England
Labor Reformers by abolishing all power
toget pay for loans, stock, or valuabale3,
nm$heta ones, and to make it illegal,
disgraneful and impossible to prey on oth
r ar That the National and Work
ingmnen's parties, like their older brethren
iln .in, the Republiecanis and l)Dmocrats, by
stustaining ustipationl, enslave, defraud,
and despoil women ; that demandingu
for her equal pay for equal work with t
men, we seetk industrial equity, to erase
sex lines awll as well as race and color lines
from labor reform.
f At the afternoon session Mr. Heywood
made ani address on, greenbacks and free
r love questions. George W. Madox said
r New York ought to islue its own money,
r build markets, docks and other iunprove
n ments, and he hope , "Iy the Eternal"
I that people would starve in order to
t awaken them to these facts. lHe said if
these things could not le got by the hal
i lot-box, then he favored getting them by
the catridge-box. lhe would make it a
f State-prison offence for any man to hold
more real estate than was necessary to
his support. The laborer makes wealth, t
and it should belong to hinm. Similar ad
daesses were nlade by others.
Sunday School Convention Held near
Pleasant Hill, Louisiana.
According to previous understanding,
a meeting was held in Sabine parishi,
t May 11th, 1878, at New Hope Church,
on the Pleasant Hill Circunit, Shreveport
District, La., Annual Conference of the
Methodist E. Church South, by delegates
a appointed by Rev. .1. Ai. Cassity, Preach.
r er in charge, in the interest of the Sab.
i bath School cause on said Circuit.
The meeting was opened by singing
and prayer.
t On motion Wm. Hobkins was elected
President, and R. W. Freeman, Secretary
3 pro. tnom.
© Wm. Hobkins, Adolphus Hampton, and
Freeman, being called upon made ap
r propriate speeches.
I They were followed Rev. J. M. Frank
t lin and Rev. J. B. Cassity, urging the
importance of at once taking hold of this
r great work, and calling upon parents to
I wake up to the great necessity of send
ing their children to Sabbath School.
3 A permanent organization was then
t effected by electing J. M. Franklin, Pres- I
a ident and R. W. Freeman, Secretary. 1
On motion, the following was adopted. t
Resolved, That this body be styled, I
~ The Sunday School Convention ol the s
Pleasant Hill Circuit, Shreveport Dis- a
trict, La., Annual Conference. r
On motion, the following was adopted. i
Resolved, That we feeling the great a
importance of a thorough Sunday School 1
system, do hereby pledge ourselves to do r
all in our power to organize, and keep i'
going, a Sabbath School at each one of
our respective churches.
On motion, the following was adopted.
Resolved, That we set apart Saturday
before 1st Sunday in October, for the
next meeting of our Convention, and
that three delegates from each Church
within the bounds of this Circuit be
elected. I
On motion, Rev. J. B. Cassity, Bro's.
C. Brown and R. W. Freeman, were ap
pointed to draft a Constitution and
set of By-laws for the government, of
this Conventiou.
The following Preamble and Resolu
tions were adopted.
Whereas, we have been delighted in v
listening to the speeches of Bros. Hob- ji
kins, Adolphus Hampton and Freeman, o
therefore, be it Resolved, ii
That we earnestly solicit the above t
named brethren to visit from place to l:
place during this year, and, if possible to a
arouse the people to the great importance c
of Sabbath Schools. I
' Resolved, That the "Natchitoches VIN- I
DICATOR" and "SOUTHRON, of Sabine" be t
requested to publish the proceedings of
this Convention. 1
Resolved, That the next Convention I
be held at Rocky Mount Church, Satur
day, before the first Sunday in October.
The Convention closed with the bene
diction by the Rev. J. B. Cassity.
R. W. FREEMAN,
Secretary.
Highly colored urine, with backache,
headache and general debility, can in
variably be traced to unnatural condi
tion of the liver, which can be removed
by nsing Home Stomach Bitters.
SAn enterprising chap who is organ
izing a brass band of twenty women
says, that if they learn half as many airs
as they put on, the experiment will prove
a complete success.
Cincinnati Times : We have a shad-i
owy suspicion that the President will not 1
favor a Republican canvass of the south
in the coming congressional campaign. I
It would be putting the policy of concil
iation to an altogether too sudden and
severe test.
PROCEEDINGS 1
-OF THE
City Counoif
OF NATCHITOCRES.
On Thursday, the 9th day of May,
1878, the Mayor and City Council met
at the Mayor's office at the hour of74 I
o'clock p. m.
Present--C. F. Dragnet, Mayor.
M. H. Carver,
C.J. Smith,
H. M. Levy,
G. W. Dunlcan.
Absent-L. Caspari.
The minutes of last meeting were read,
and on motion, duly approved.
The Collector submitted his Report for
the month of April, 1878, which Report
was examined and approved as follows,
to-wit:
Dr.
To am't of Licenses collected in U. 8.
Currency $127 50
Cr.
By am't Currency turned
over $114 75 P
By 10 per cent commis
sion on $17 50 2IS 50 $17 50 II
The following accounts were examined
and approved by the Finance Committee
viz:
The People's Vindicator $8 50
t " 450 $1300
The petition of Mary Ann Burns, to be
placed on the City Pauper List, was read,
and on motion, tabled.
The petition relative to Hogs was read, T
and on motion, and duly eeconded, the e
following Ordinance was unanimously
adopted.
Be it ordained by the Mayor and City
Council of Natchitoches, That from and
after this day, all hogs are allowed to
run at large within the Corporate limits
of the city, except boars, provided they h
have a ring through the nose. tI
On motion, andduly seconded, Fanny
Phillips was ordered to be placed on the
Panper List, and allowed the sum of
Two Dollars and Fifty Cents in U. S.
Currency, commencing from the Ist day
of May, 1878.
The petition of R. Blunt, relative to
his Taxes, 1873, was read, and on motion
and duly seconded, the sum of three dol
lars and sixty-four and a half cents in
city warrants, was ordered to be refund.
ed to him. o0
On motion, and duly secouded, the
Secretary is hereby reqnested to notify
Messrs. Keyer and McKenna of the cou
dition of the bridge and railing across
Bayou Amulet, and to repair same.
On motion, and duly secooded, the
Conoeit djourned until its next regular
meeting.
(Signed) C. F. DBRANGUET,
Attest: Mhyor.
JNO. LAPLACWE, Secretary.
A true copy :
MJy o. LanSc r y
May 13th 1878. Secretary.
NEW ADVERT1S1M IGENTS.
triges. Address, J. Brown & so,,, 1::t;
& 138 Wood St., Pittshurg, l'a.
h50 That santfon(s Janiial
S Cure for Catarrh 'ill u,ti
instantly rIclieve and :pe,,l
il i ca rei . lrel r tenet cl,
Henry el'lls, Els.. W11ell.
haler, $I. Sold 't" *r\
where. WEEKS &. Y(TL. 1Prol i"
tors. Boston, Mass. --\vi. iv-ilo,2i I-t.
C I Highest hotnts at all
ORGANS[ Worlds Exibitis.
LatestCatalogues an , (Circulars w it l\\
styles, reduced prices anti m iuch' illa -
tion, sent free. MASON & I11ATT IN ,li.
GAN CO. Boston, New i -ori (' ic o.
P1A~OS At O AFactor\ rice
to close out our present stk ot('i l .Ii New
Snd Secondre-hand Instrunlents iof iive lirit.
class makers, fully warranitel an ilt
prices that Iefl colmpetitiontl t hi tis ehl:ts
of Instruments. Agents w tntet 'ig.r Wa
ters' superior bell orgit.s 'ailul I,;anos.
1 Illustrated Catalowues Mauil,,. il(I'lE
WATERS & SO. Matllacll: l nrtr.s :iinl
Dealers, 40 East 14th St New Yotrk. Alt,
Geneal Agents for Sronilgers C'ele;bratell
premium Organs.
] 2181 Soldiers autd \w'il,\\~sic.' not,
SI get Pensions ,by writingin to,.In,,
Kirkpatrie, Cambridge, O(hi,. M1a:i.t.ra
tea wanted as agents.
Plt'i 'iAnother battle on highl 1;tl
nI prices War with inilIoº- -
olists renewed See Beat ty's latest Newspa
per for full reply sent frie. lllefre hnyigili
PIANO or ORG tN read wy latest eirctlart
Beatty's celebrated Pianos & Irgan. tl hean
tiful instruments! Challenge etinIlarisut !
Rivals are jealous of mly sl'cess'. Mlost,
succesful house in Almericl'h(' nu tinienletI
a few years ago without a dtollar. salei'
now nearly $2.000,000 t nually. Lowe\\st,
prices ever given, elegont R oewe\\.oldt 1'
ano $135, 16 stop Church (irgans, S11t5,
WAR tremendous bargaiis now \VWAi
ready, Address Daniel 1'. Bleatti. \\asth
iugton. New Jersey.
VEGETINE,
DOCTOR'S REPORT.
H. R. ST EVN:S, EsQ. :
DearSir,-We have been selling ylour
valuable Vegetine for three years, and we
find thatit gives perfect sat is'action. We
believe it ,to be the best blood puritiei
now sold. Very respectfully,
DR. J. E. BROWN & (:O, Druggisti,
Uniontown, Iy.
BENSON'S CAPCIE POROUS
was invented to over coime the great oh -
jection ever found to the old style. of nor -
ous plasters that of slow action in bring
ing relief. Benson's Capcine Iorous Plas
ter relieves pain at once and 'ure quhick
ly. It imparts a sensation of gentleL andi
stimulating warmth, and brings rest and
comfort to the sufterer.
Benson's Porous Plaster recieved the
highest and only medal awarded to pla.s
ters. Price 25 cents.
Each genuine Benson's Capeine Plaster
has the word Capeine cut throughl the
plaster. Take no other.
QREENBACKi
FOR BONDIIOLDERS!
GREENBACKS
FOR GOLD GAMBLEES?
GREENBAOKS
[ FOR NATIONAL IlBANKERS!
GREENBACAKS
FOR THE PEI'IOPLE!
GREENBACKS
FOR ALL PURPOSES!
For which money is used interchanges.
ble at par with Gold and Silver, ill a Rllf
cient quantity as to promote industry,
invite immigration, and develop tlhl, r
sources of the country, is what the
CINCINNATI ENQUIRER
Claims is the only remedy for tihe ills
brongnt upon the country by Legislation
Sand Laws, enacted for the belnelit tf a
Monied Class, and the oppression of1 La
bor and Industry.
Government Credit sustains our Honds
for the benefit of the wealthy, let thit
same Credit
SUSTAIN GREENBACK, V
For the benefit of the People who s!stain
the Government.
DAILY ENQUIRER, per year 1: ;12 00
WEEKLY ENQUIRER " : 15 s
Free of postage.
Agents wanted,
Send for specimen copies.
FARANA McLEAN, Publishers,
Feb 23-3mo Cincinnati, Ohio.
TAX NOTICE.
STATE TAX COLLECTOR's OI:FICE,
Natchitoches, March 28th, 1878.
TrHE publi are hereby notitied that I
ainm now prepared to collect State and
Parish Taxes and Licenses now due.
The following discounts are allowed by
law on taxes paid during
April 3 per cent on Tax Bill
May 2 " " "
June 1 " " "
L. N. LANE.
March 30-tf State Tax Collector.
FROM HER ASHES.
The Phmnix bau put on new life alnd noea
eaters for public favors.
J Warren Suddath
has taken charge and DAN now dispenses
the ehoicest
BRANDIES,
WISKIESg,
LIQUORS,
CIGAltS,
RICH ST. LOUIS BEER ON DRAF'T.
Don't forget, ye thirsty, the Piiussx
on St. Denis Street.
Feb. 4.-ly
M .&. .Dun,
Physician and Surgeon
Montgomery, La.
-dealer in-
O*OOaRazs
FaONT1r STlaT, Natchitoches, La.