OFFICIAL
Paper of the Parish and City oflatchitochcs
JAN. H. COSGROVE, * Editor.
SATURDAY, - -- JULY 20, 1878.
FOR THE STATE SENATE.
The friends of WILLIAM II. JACK,
ESQ., will support him belore the Parish
and District Convention for the Stato
Senate.
Delegated Powers.
In our last weeks' article, in anll
swer to the claim that the amend
ments, if adopted, would make the
Constitution of 1868 better than the
model organic laws Of Pennsylvania,
Georgia, or Arkansas, we showed
conclusively that upon the question
of monopolies, the Constitutions of
those States were far superior to
what the amendments could make
ours. We now come to t'le considera
tion of as vital a point as that of "ex
clusive privileges."
Democracy, as a system of govern
ment, and we use the word Democra
cy as a synonymous term, is based
upon the theory that all power natu
rally resides in man; but in order to
adopt that theory to practice, and in I
order to secure the well-being of the
whole, each individual most Surren
der certain rights, naturally his Qwn.
Those rights surrendered are well de
fined, and are given in trust to these
co ordinate powers to be used excluo
sively for the happiness of the whole.
Now it is as well understood that in
order to sustain the theory of Democ
racy, and perfect a system of govern
ment thereunder, other certain rights
must be, and are, exclusively reserved
the people in their individual and
sovereign capacity. In such govern.
ments where the sovereign power is
well defined and exercised we ap
proach nearer the perfection of Dem
ocratic system, while those in which
the co-ordinate branches usurp inhe
rent rights, or are accorded them by
law, the sovereignty is weakened and
we approach the confines of a legal
despotism, the most appalling, in
oar estimation, of all the forms of
human government.
Let as consider then a dangerous
usurpation of this reserved or inhe
rent and inalienable right, which the
Constitution of 1868 enunciates, and
which the amendments silently com
mends.
It wua a favorite argument of the
Democrats of this State duriug.War
mothean and Kelloggean days to de.
nounce the power of the Executive
under the Constitution of 1868; ipn
deed, Republican Committies'.from
Republican Congresses have report
ed, with astonishment, that "an Gov
ernor ever exercised such power as the
Constitution and laws of Louisiana
clothed their Chief Executive with."
In fact, the executive possesses more
power under the present Coxntitio
tion than the sovereign people them
selves. Take for instance the num
ber of officials the law allows him to
appoint. It is much greater thn;'the
number the people elect. 'Ihere nev
er was a principle more dangerous to
free government thaa that of the ap.
pointing power +t ad Execative.
That it is necessary in ordertociW
ltae the operations of government,
we do not dedy, but1 prtidence de
mands, as a zealous regaid for the
rightsm f a people' eqlres,,hthat it
a be granted spqriui Ypand Iia
exailese limited to musk. eases enlas
wheg it is impossible' or impt*'tlea'
ble for the people 4o select them
In Demoeratio govetimenteos pop
* oai wo# dib, so far as the .sel4di6n or
*dshs is coneerned; ajd in.ackfn
atance when they are divested of. that
voide, youa andermine' th~ system ofi
Democracy. Th . gCerrte'!,iqrticipa-;
tlon the people baivp ,tze govern
ment, the more they are tUgMhtobe
lieve that it is theft ge'eritudsli the
greater will be its eTerg~ au fclen
ey, sad the better will it answer. the
wise purposes for whbich all ,laws are
framed and all goverathents etb.t
lished. As long ' and,' $(15 .1 ;
Read, one of the .oedethDespipratq
thaMt ever lived i Loeisitmai pictured.
in vivid alors 'the eereIasb of this
danger.as ower, rod 1 p,ue
his words becaase tey wt tde ja:
guage of a bt-reeing, prophei,
statesman. He said, Id 'ipeaklnot
"The aseentive .ppe~~Oiti . ph... ,th
Judiciary, is thbe teearoetly poese.
e. pn ape. O" ondlhrgisi.'  , hmst
meaed o~spoihtiiintaitaKve tis ost
To the Chief MsgistrtuJfen naver
seaen to' satreuder* thei ddlelderI
bound beatd ~niGrWW'ecjtie
ad as s sPsti4ate4 eeakitS ej
bjy the 3jdsuty te tdties 6 elt
Cwuietldttei . 1 dIIif lP ide
Lenethag iab' ' N
'f . p81i a
-'Y
+.ai # . msu ioe4
i mag
S . .  . - , I
power as lhe eiUCroCed -lon ,'rch Oil.l id
throne." a
We ask in all candor, have not we ii
witnessed the truths of Mr. Read's t,
prophetic declaration. It is idle to i
talk of honorable men and honestr
Governors not committing these ty- ,
rannical acts. The people must be so a
protected by their organic law as to n
render it impoRsible for any executive
to exercise such power. We have
seen and felt this power in Louisinua ;
patriotism and duty alike demand we
should guard against the repetition
of so dangerous an usurpation.
Do the amendments fulfil these de
mands? Emphatically, No!
The Constitution of 1868, increas
es the power of appointment by the
Governor to an appalling extent; so
much so indeed, as to give him the
opportunity at any time, if he saw
fit to use it, of rendering the legisla
ture as obedient and scivile as a ju
diciary, because of the great number
of persons legislators are Interested h
in securing office which the Executive
has the power to grant in that way.
Let these people who .4 rate of t
"model Constitutions" study for a
little while the system of government
under which we lived and prospered 1
before the war. Let them learn
something of the principles which
under-lie all Democratic forms of
government, and then they will see
how utterly at variance the Constitu
tion of 1868 is with that system and
those principles, and how utterly the
amendments fail to supply what that
Constitution lacks-the sovereignty
of the people and their free exercise e
thereof.
A Curious Spectacle,
The particular forms of govern- I
meats whether Democratic, Monarch- r
ial or Despotic, are systems based on I
certain principles peculiar to each.
When those>principles which under- r
lie them are overthrown, the whole I
systems are changed. Upon this t
sound doctrine we have based our
opposition to the proposed amend- r
ments, and to that iss\nU have we, the
New Orleans Democrat, Delta, and I
Ouachita Telegraph invited in vain a
our opponents. ,
Going back to the fouindation ,f s
this Constitution of 1868, we find
that the opposition set up by the c
Southern people- including some of I
the very men who now prate of the
virtues of the Amendments- -by the
Democratic leaders in Congress,
lesers. Thurmamn; B$yard, Saulsbhr
ry. and othelrs, to these reconstruc- R
tion Constitutions, and the power of
Copgress to force them upon us; 1
was, that State suicide was a legal as t
well as: physical impossibility. That
no mdtter if the people of the Statee s
wera at war with the federal authori- t
ties, their Conslituiions were eternal. I
unless abrogated in prinoiple by the I
sovereigns themselves. Indeed, thet
Supieme Conit of the: United States
Sdecided, at the very. moment when
thee uon-republican Radical recon
s truction laws were being proimlga
ted by ' Cngtress of wild fanatics I
and enforced by its armSy, in the ease
of Texzas vs. White- 1869, that Texas
was never out of the Vhion from the
amopnet:she. was admitted; that her
goverhmeot nuder her Constitotip.
t wis, in- 'ull force and effect; that no
i ct of treason could destroy those
. fuadamental traths, and that at the
moment of her claimed secession her
t, C6O~titgtlopal' offides were seoled b
u- surpers unlawfully, ad thiat whed
e these men were driven, out the State
t res.med all her function--.overeign
8 and supreme--under 'the Corstitu
t tigin she. had prev~iousnely adopted
- through the unrestrained will of her
citisens,
Sustained by, legal decisions and
,an uobrpken " leamocratic• defence;
[ imbedded in.tie foundation .;stone of
Sour govemrnmental structure, there has
Sbe~n tbls doctrine-tb'it the right of
E creatiqg'tate "Conatiltloond "tested
Sexclusively.ith the, siv ereigu people
i.of those States, sabj ct only. to the
. reqitrement that they should be "re
e publikea infor" .
- Wb~htheq do thPle amendments
e endorse? The'rDemocratic. :doctrine
e of.the sqveteigty of the people/ 
Sthe unrepub~l"jaui prlipleu shudeuncI
~. ted.by the adicel party iPj 86is
q Tbe poor of Waeeodmedes dortem.
. phlatuil "1id our 8fiu Of:governt
palpf4lgrthe!letter rof Lt hi~ornpea,
jbi '', ,'ik .p " It i,' ;,;, ,
Jf rte e bs frammr.. s rap4
' thlp etldM IWsst'albe; yIf tbW
·sm e elte 'hre'lt gty m ·thm
te pate4 pjower sHiditionallforces while
Fplras~.b5itWP -,I'-,~iiutd re that
- i W~tn~ltItari 186ti aoepubhli
, the I ithiVP1ll . oaida
a cretes ate sideau su4 dewn.Jnle;
Serondly; We fine}. c 11 114k
amending, add by ameniing pelr4ct
ing and; perpetetilig, that very ays-i
tern ; those vcery false p'inciples we
denonneed hllt a few yenar ago. E
Strange i|ndeed, that siuch ,1,1 1h
occur. but it is nevertheless a true
statement of the position a greatt
many men occupy.
Reasons. g
ist. The Constitution of 1868 was ii
forced upon the people of this State P
against their will, in violation of their
rights and in face of their indignant i
protests. a
2d. The Constitution of 1868 is
unrepublican in substance; it enforc
es social regulations ; it proscribed, at
its so called adoption, a large class
from voting and holding office, who L
paid all or nearly all the taxes; it
invites the mean acid unprincipled to
participate in voting and holding of
fice, and drives away the good and
honorable. n
3d. The Constitution of 1868 in- C
vites and perpetuates race animonsi
ties, and has resulted already by its el
enforcement in hostile collisions, an
archy, and the utter subversion of ti
law and order. t4
4th. The Constitution of 1868 S
lacks the very essence of a Demo- v
cratic Constitution; it presents no
guards to popular rights and sub- c,
mits the inherant pierogatives of the, 1
people to violent and rebellious usur- p
pation by the few. v
5th. The Constitution of 1868 a
creates, grants or allows powers, 1
either political or legal, to exist in t,
this Commonwealth, greater than the ti
sovereign people; ride the excessive
power of the Governor, the unlimited je
privileges of the legislature and the
regal intluence of the hundreds of
monopolies now in existence.
Constitutions are systems of govern
meat--these are a coimpendium of the tj
vital points in that system inaugnra- P
3 ted by the Constitution of 1868.
r Amel'dments perfect sylstems, they V
never change them. n
Are our peolde; is the D)emocratic It
I party ready to perfect the system of i1
governlnent adopted by the Radical C
party of 1861-6(8 for our degradation
f and pllnter? J
If they are, let them vote down a
call for a Co;;stitutional Convention;i.
f If they are, let them support the
Amendments.
The Convention.
Our Parish Convention, which as t
sembles to-day, has much important .
f business to transact. The mere so- (
lection of individnals to occupy er, ,
tain offices is of minor consideration e
S--that which ashould, and no doubt
Swill ieceive marked attention, will be
the consideratiofl and enunciati~n of
. principles wl.ich are vital to our hap- t
Spiness and well-being as citizens and
Sto the suceess and perpetuity of our
party.
8$1all we have an Ihonest Constitu
Stion !
The'e question is paramount to all
a others it this ..ontest--more so siUec
e the legislature has forced upon as the
a endorsement of the hbayonet concerni
e of 186116 by attempting to patch it up
r with a lot of aamendmets.
a On this question we hIope to !ear
o a sound from old Natchitoebes, which 4
a led the va'lin 1874, which cantinot be
' mistaken. The friends pf constitu- I
rt tional government throughout the
SState look with coonfidence for an ex
d. p)hi'sloi frdr~Koid Natchitdches that
* wU (serve as a keynote to afriotes
Severywhers. Let them have it.
SThe Viokborg BerakId champions
Col . Richardson for State Treasuz'om'.
Tile Colonel isa candidate for an of
d floe in Louisiana, while;the Heraild,is
a paper piblished in Mississippl. ' Of
Scourke, the "insignificant Copntry
Prees": of his own State won't give
t him a showing, and so.he invokes
d tie outside r'big-ppersY. "
oinme people in tiii. State want
e olltics narrowed downu to the ques
tion, wihether the *Rditqaisshall run
a- bayonet' Cnstitdtion or whether
tlieDe'"deritrs 'i wil.S" 'When )lkat
" point, is re aqdb, godd mda of (11
glaldei hlad .better oiitwt a more asksx
b4Ioesclline than thi.,
- Ihoe Mlivikie Btlltfi t ellr big
b4 ,. oPta~ to. Tile )O
p,lp Ao yil), inmost *tapd.,,y. t5
BwileuJ fbr I:s their ".main bhelt.
i Webet tells a startling story mad
S.pq Qr plous Bhit in a verY' ad
ring.. However, we all knew before
t. thatthint-wahian the "ooabinatlon,"
dod.i theiotmmaittse want ;o0roti.
Stie b i . Ward o"New/ Oileans 'an
Tcut: Theseraidorfor Stete Treasurer
~are quite numerous. Barbii of Aws.y
lel idid. a,Pid'BWuik , r Or
lequa, Cage, T Tribonue,.and' -
n ardson, of Oaclhita, witlh Monl~oe
, of Ciddo, ar the snmes of some ho
eo [/"ildtV "We enste Natchiroeltes will
Elam has tie Inside tract for Con
i gross..He has iuadeb& bright resord
, and hansiven oniversal satisfae.tni,
1V Es;,, Nacliitocheha ill' speak out
for . .044,I  . Jti ,
I The Ouae ita Tclgrape tells ti
;atellSattside that paRishi are goig
ie a Conastlitional Gomveotion.
DEMIOCRATIC MASS MEETING, L
lst WARD...
At 12 tl., on Wednesday, July 17th,
Mr. A. E. Lemee, member Central
E:xcntive Committee, 1st Ward Par
lih of Natchitoches, cal'led the .Ma ti
SMecting to order, adud nominated (',.
Win. MI. Levy as tlhairmuan, and ,
A. Debtlieux as Secretatsy.
i('l. Levy explained the object of I
the meeting to be the election of dele. ti
Sgates to attend the I'atish Coveti ion
of the I)elmocratic party on the 21th 11
iinst.; whereulpon tlhe Mass Mlleeting
proceeded to the selection, by ballot.
The following nianed genthleen t
were elected to represent the Wad
in the Parish Convention on the day t
and date aforesaidi: V
T. Hailer, J. E. Messi, J. II. Cos- a
grove, Win. French, 11. M. Levy,
Wm. Payne, and C. J. Smith. "
On motion, the meeting adijolrned.
IWM. M1. LEV'Y,
L. A1. 1)a,;nm mix, Chaieara.
Sc(crctary. a
10th Ward Democratic Club.
Pursuant to a call, a meeting of the ti
nmembers of the lothl WIld D)*mnocratic
Club was held on Wednesday the 17th ot
July at Cloutiorville. I'
On unotion Mr. E. Masson was re-elect
od president of said club and Mr P. M. P
Rachal elected secretary.
The president -.xplaianed the purpo)se of "
the meeting, which w as to elect del- "
to the Nat~elitothes Convention.
On motion, Messrs. 8, 0. Scruggs. -V.
S. Benoist, C. D, DilBlanc and L. Chlarle
iile were elected delegates to the Nat
chitoches Convention.
On motion, Messrs. iI. Grilfin, Gts. La- t
cour, S. Deslonches and St. D. )elllanc
were elected alternates. e
On motion, the sense of the luembers
present in favor ofa conlstitultional con
veution was takeo, and was unanimously f
adopted. '1
On motion: Resolved, That we de
nounce, as a slander, the rumor circula
ted by a radical that a large number of
this club intended to vote the radical I
ticket. c
On motion, the meeting adjourned sub- i'
ject to a call by the president.
E. MASSON, President.
P. M. R.cIIdn.. Secretary.
WARD 4.
Whereas. The present State Constitn
tution is wholy deficient in many res
pects, and entirely obnoxious to all lov
ers of Republican government ; therefore
Be it resolved, That we, the citizens of
Ward 4, in convention assembled, do
most solemnly demand the abrogation of
said constitution, and our delegates are
hereby instructed to cast their votes for
delegates to the State Convention, for
none other than straight out Conatitutional
Convention smen.
DJfLEG \TEs:
J. W, Butler, E. V. Deblienx, I
W. 0. Brazeale, W. S. Campbell. I
GRAPPE'S BLUIFF, LA., 1
Ward 3, t
July 13th, 1878. t
In pursuance to a call of the Central t
Executive Committee of Natchitoches,
to, elect Delegates to the Parish Conven
tion to be held in Natchitoches, July
20th, 1878, a meeting was held at
- Orappe's Bluff, July 13th, 1878. On mo
tion of J. O. Maybiu, J. A Wolfs,n wa
called to thle ihaltr, and Jos. K. Wolfson
I elected Secretary,
The Chairmn' being called upon, ex
plained the object of the meeting.
J. M. Corley and F. L. Grappe, were
Selected by ballott as Delegates of Ward
3, to the Convention to be held in Natchi- I
toches, July 20th, 1878.
SOn motion of R. W. Murphy to ad
rjourn. Carried. .
J. A. WOLFSON, I
Joe. N. WOLVSOS, Chairman.
Secretary.
Loularna Republicans.
e E. L. Webber, Jenks, Mrs. Jenks,
e and Jim Andersoil, have by their tes
0timony turned the delicate stomachs
p Of the average Northern Radical, and
they now exclaim that no one would
r or should believe these pr-ople under
I oath. Jim and his crowd, however,
Sused to be solid witnesses-good, loy
al and true-when it came to slander
e ing Sonthern people.
it When the VlNDCATOo is repadia
;s ted, which, by the way, the Clhief has
been wishing for some. years, then we
will give op, not only the contest for
i an honest Constitution, but our Edi
1torial position also. In the nmean
Stime, it may be well to say that the
L Chief can hang on to Stubbs for he is
) "close:kin" to Ludeling and Ray.
-7 .-~-- ,--- -.
S 'How ~ase it, friend Hewitt, that
a Deboto,. a strong Constitutional Con
vention parish, did not back the Con
ventionites up with a strong resoln
t tiotn inmass meeting It would have
* greatly .aIed the eause.
ST'he De~to Demorat suggests 20th
a August as tldate, and Pleasant Hill
I tle place, fdtholding the Senatorial
. Conveontion. Natchitochesa , we sup
pose, has no objections to eithei tile
time ot place.
SWe are beginning to hear of the
"Town'ring' and h , jjdglmteot ad.
ju.epes" So. Why.; w thought that
tihm diicals got up theso ,harges.
dlt It ti baie done with stt nonasense,
Id Nithlr 'Mr.' Cnoninghln\,nor Col
,r, ,bi . to "Townff Ring" or
,, "1 djU4sters,',Rd lidati's the end of it.
We " beait S.everal partieis whl are
s aintl be eaudidates for Sherifi *c.
Idii- doftt seens to regard Ibh Pat -
a or, htowever, d their names we wi
'- nottell ..
" And til thliey come. Teoa*M, Jack
I ol ana Webstetr ire thile laterit Con
o stitutional, ;Coovetion aidvocates.
Ano. Illinoispreacher, who believed
* that :ie Iluuraneei wins .defying the
Lord, is now livingm ina aHrn until
h iis congr.gnaion can ft8d: him anoth
Srd h I usme.-Os)kknbh Crititan Adver
i i "at :- •-.
'. Tiib i Tie iiiitie of year when the
uatiei ied P "reo party' thepkas hsi
th-ll.-citaltsI for' "ibtis: t~empected
e and ihiraiug and h i pind ing 1ilf'lft~
'5 ing after for momthb,--[iidlanspolia'
Joarnal.
Louis A. Wilz as Mayor of New Orv
leans.
Extrayigance of His Admnidstration.
(Fromn the N. 4). Demiocrat, July 1a76.]
It wili b(4 relmmr4l.eld in this cinnec
tiou thait l: e taxl. ;tsil lic'.ses of each
y,~V n'r i a pl,' :1l t4 h only io the I xpenes 1
of it hat yVu). T''he l y il',Sist rc' " of the s
M.ve:lr anl tUonmnnil lto meet the llhoatingl
.hti hi ft byI l e t i' IlaIer,' Aduinistra
tion in 1I67 wire the taxei due ant( exi
"ible in th llat .1d foirmer .veaIrs. In like,
nillluer for the exlense, of 1 73, there
w 1I1no 4reionici1 b hlo the tax~, ete , due
and exit ihle ini that year. 'Th. t l. t
year 1'4, 1t large atIount of taxes fir
that year I'iiinue'd utnl iai:l, anid 1 e's
sjil\ as l:tirig a part of the exl.snies of
that year a' cite..d ulllettl'd Mal l."
Wiltz and his Council leit to their .n
(cesors unpaid tax bills of 7-174 and p""
i.irtdiig years ;linliiutlng to three or tor l"
milhun , t4 doilolari s i. T wile w trle t· -
sets by w\hich the unpaid exp.t,es IIIf
1874 were to he settled. It \:as lint the
fatult of Mayor Wilt z that the coitnci I
was inable to collect th,, taxis 'f ' 1,
any more than it is the fault of his sw'
ce,sr that the ovoerdue 441 1d Illlplil tax
.s o1f 1l''76 and previous years cannot e
4olhlee ld an1d applied to the debits and
expenses of the c ityV. But "Citizenl,''
with hi: cstot ary icotlsisi enu!y, blallmes
Mlayor %Viltz for urging the (,ollection of'
city taxes. a;14 then blame.s him for not
:aying thie city's debts. The snmple t' he
is that the lax debtors of the city were
poor in 1K7:3 4nd '74, and 4are still poor.
Many olf thiem cold not pay at all: m1a
"f 4. could only pay hy great sacr lices;
tiand a great lany other, are land halve
been hilr years tnlwilling to pay, it able.
Taxes iln this city have l1een exholt'.ita lt
hlnt they hlave noit ( eein ii)iposed by o0r'
_ citizens. When Mr. Wiltz was Mayor
threei-follnt s of the city tax was coni
pulsory under the laws of the State, and
the balance., if it could have been collect
ed, would have been no mnore than st4lli
eient to meet the city's current expenses. I
We searcely need merit ion these facilts.
famtiliar as they atre to all who are at.
quainted with city affairs. No just citi
zen will censure Mayor Wiltz for the city i
bonded debt of more thani twenty-two
millions that met himnt at the threshhold I
of his administration, nor for the State
laws which compelled huni and his Coun
cil to assess and collect a tax to pay the
interest and redeem the principal of th s
debt, nor for the State police, which the
city was obliged to support, nor for the
costly drainage contracts hy which the
city was fettered as with chains of brass,
unor for the vast floating debt left by Ihis
predecessors, nor for the poverty of our
people, nor for the acts of oflicials over
whom lie had lno contr'ol, nor for the
State legislation dictated by the city's
enelmies.
Increase of the City Debt.
As to the charge that Mayor Wiltz
Sand his Council increased the debt of
the city, it should be noted that the
r Wiltz administration reduced the assess
aIn nt ($17,000,000) seventeen millioln dol
lars, and I need only Ullot,' fromi the lne
inorial of the present Council to the
General Assemlly, dated February 1.
Ip>76, and signed by \dministrators
Burke, Pilsbury and Brown. After giv
ing a statement of past expenses ,,nd
present debt, they add:
"Iin this coilnection it is proper to say
that hJult for the issule iof drainage bonudc
the Wiltz Administration would htve
1 exhibited a redIlction of the bonded debt
~ of about one million of dollars in addi
Stiont to the decrease of exp ,nditurles by
J said admintistration of one million dollars
t per near.
v.llon ctif.enll, Vyot have before yOlt
n the'thargg l of "Citli'en" lidtl the contrl'lry
statemnent of three honorable adminis
StrItors. Which do you helieve '
Retention of feorge S. Lacey.
e For the r tenltiou of George S. Lacey
I as City Attorney, Mr. Wiltz is not res
. pnsible. He had nto vote in the Coun.
cil for Attorney. Hi neither urged nor
- opposed any candidate, and did not try
.to do indirectly that which he had no
legal authority to do directly. The
Administrators acting, as we may pre
sauee, for the good of the city in their
best judnhment, retained Mr. Lacey, but
Mayor Wiltz did not ulrge or ask anly
lone of them to vote for lhiml, nor itter to
any one of then a1 wish or prefe'rence of
' his own as to the election, nor at anlly
- time say anything to eitilir of thellni to
Sbias themn for or against him or any oth
er eandidate.
d So far as I know Mir. Lacy att.ended to
di te busines 1of the city with ability anil
fidelity. For lthe thit sixtOeen nioiuths of
' the term of Mr. Wiltz, Mr. Larey held
r the city attorneyship by the election of
Sthe Flanders Conili', and during this
Stime the Admiinistrators had occansion to
- observe his ld Iligence, ability and sUc
cess in conduotiilg the litigation of the
city. They fouud hint and his assistants
laboring to priomuotet the inlterests of the
il- city and to protet. hier agnainst the im
Sportunate and exlhothitait denalnds of
greedy claimliantts. hieing able anld4 in.
' dustrioius, well 1ieqilliited withl the af
r fairs and litigationl of the eity, ,and held
in esteem in all courts. hioth State aind
SFederal, the. Council didl nrot Ideem it
in wise to transter thle vast alil coiiplica
e ted litigation of itle ci, tio iany other
miliebr of the bar. I)uring thle six
i months entling July 1. 187i, Mr. Lacey
obtrained in the Supreme Court of the
State onle hundred aond irty-three judgsemuts.
and duriug that period in the same court
i there were but tLree ijdgetnlts rtendered
. against tkhe citl. A similar success at
tended thle bu:iness of his offie during
* the rest of the term of the Mayor and
t* Council.
S Had it been true that Mayor Wiltz
advocated the retention of Lacelas City
Attornley, it would! only have showI that
he is not anll extremist anld bitter parti
tit sani, ts represenuted by P'Citizen." lhtI
i as he ihadl noithlig at all to do or say in
the lllittier, thle charge requlires no far
al ther Intice.
p. No less aI refrmear than New York's
great (ioverlor, Samullnel .I. Tilden, has
been eiairged by partisan jealousy with
the:same. otlinse of retaiuillng in office
available and tried ofticers, irrespect ive
e of their political antecedents. Senator
Bpyard, and the whole press, have set
their seal of approbation and applauded
at thI astfio of tbe ,'eat reformer.
Ini Memoriami.
Drow~ed in Black Lake Bayou on the
4th day of July, LOUIS NAPOLEON
WAGONON, the only son of Napoleon
Wageuon and Sarah Jones. He had
one tQ'the Lake in the evening preced
ing the 4th, with a party of yoeug men,
fishing, "and` remained- there all night.
On the mouinig of the 4th, I wont to
the lake and was present when the sad
acoident occurred, and seod all the jneans
in my power to tespe him, but in vain.
The news soon spread into the country
Lsnd in a short time ~'most every man ii,
tt r surrounditng neighborhood gathered
to'thd'spot where he *e int down', and
every elort was made to find and raise
his body, but our efforts were all in vain.
We rieturned.home on the evening of the
5th, toresume the eatrch on the follow
ing morning. When we returned in the
morning, his body had risen and lodged
against a raft which we had constructed
across the lake to prevetit it from float
ing off don 'the attamnt. Thius passed
away an ariiahble and mnch esteemed
yon 3$ mnan, 'id: the bloom of youth, aged
Omly 16 years, 5 months and 19 days.
He has left a fond mother, and aged
grandfather and. , gIrapdother, and
wmSuy, kind rplativyps and. friends to
,urDbhis loss, bptý .we 1o, not `,ourn as
thosewho have i~p bpps we aq i oaly nay
the Lords will t1 'd losde; ' lfting that
out lose is his eternal gain.
J. O. MAni'.
NEW. AD)VERTISEMENTS.
UNIVERSITY OF LOUISIANA,
NEW (ORLEANS.
Pw u .I', .s( t'I ItI':ll Ilo't id ad; lltai~c s.
Fee.s tll. .,Iane as: tlhome of' t l ' first classi,
sihimols of N w \'York :,tIi'.ila 'lP b phia.
d C,. ( ir. A(t ALt'.
'h S l:r da , Jwill I n ,,I t. -, i,, .
T.(l . I 'l.l( il( w il l t l'. f 1 .. I atn.
July 2' -1 n.
I tiub ' lM' ultct -itl Ext':'rr' : t tt lt'tt: i ,
A C'ALL,.
In ..,H'-Idlau' with lK ý- luti,,I :t hpt
I.i it the mI .tillg of the ]':iri-h Ex,n
i'tlive ( n'':titee 'l .iI l asie t follo S: th
in1t.. : (',Onv ntialll / " thI 1)entort tic
la rl. of this parish is h;.l, 4,11i1il lit
Iaturday, July
to which tt l the W art- t :' is uri-h :, I
respectfully requested to irwit ;l , l its .
lEach Ward will h.e 0titill o to wn:,.
delegate for letiig tl vote. nu'r, t fill c. T.
Ni11bcholl l, lii, aw i one del'gati frill
'Ic fraction ove : vJ.  ',' sN at said
election. The rit Erctati y t Coit ittre.
petysive Wards will a a llowrgeons
Wadd 2 lorp.e l t
"T'taa f37ul vote s.
The Oembrs of the Central CnW i. lit
tou reprentil iD the several wardsce a,
l'cl,eated to +ll mteetin.gs of the !Delmo
cratic partl in their wards for the pur
pose of elerting delegates under this call.
It is hoped that a ft11 delegation will
31. J. CI'NN1NGHAM,
Chairman, Parish Executive Committee.
Physician and Surgeon
MongKomery, La.
Th.Orlglnal In oa., ,anl-olut
ECUR. recd stamp fur book ou
Opirum Et€inl. to Wr B. Squirr
n 1I rtl. .. 4Green'a Co. Ind.
TO ADVERI'SEIS
Geo. P. Rowell & Co's
SELECT LIST
-OF
LOCAL NEWSPAPERS.
Many persons suppose this list to be
composed of CHEAP, low.priced news
uapers. The fict is quite otherwise.
The catalogue states exactly what the I
papers are. When the name of a paper ti
s printed in FULL FACE TYPE it is in
every instance the BEST paper in the s
pl;ace. When printed in CAPITALS it is s
the ONLY paper in the place. When a
p'inted in rom:an letters it is neither the ~
best nor the o ly paper, but is usually i ti
very good one, notwithstanding. The u
list gives the population of every town II
and the circulation of every paper. IT t
IS NOT A CO OPERATIVE T.TIST. IT
IS NOT A CHEAP LIST. At the foot h
of the Catalogue for each State the im- s
portant towns which are not covered by ti
the list are enumerated. IT IS AN n
IIONEST LIST. The rates charged for
advertising are barely one-fifth the pub- 2
lishers' schedule. The price for one inch
four weeks in the entire list is $635
The regular rates of the papers for the
same space and time are $3,136 3.5. The
list includes 970 newspapers, of which
163 are issued DAILY and P07 WEEK
LY. They are located in 825 different
cities and towns, of which 22 are State 1
Capitals, 328 places of over 5,000 popu
;ation, and 444 Ceunty Seats. Lists sent
on application. Address GEO. P. ROW
ELL & CO'S NEWSPAPER ADVER
TISING BUREAU, 10 Spruce St., (Print
ing House Square,) N Y
June 22--4t.
IOHN m. TUCKER,
Magistrate Ward 1.
St. Denis Street, : : Ntalchitocles, IA.
DROMPT attention given to all business
entrusted to his care.
1"1 Claims collected at small cost.
Refers to the Bar Generally.
Jan 5 '78-ly
C. A. BULLARD. N. . CAMPBELL
Bullar'd & Campbell.
--DIEALERS IN
)DRY GOODS,
GROCERIR$,
HIARiDWARE.
And General Merchandise.
Corner FRONT & LAFAYETTE Street,
'aiclhitooles, La.
[TIGIEST cash price paid for cotton and
• [ consitry produce in cash or merchandise.
_iar.ch 2'5-ly.
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS, '
NOTICE.
S.ucerssiot of George GtatCnert, deceased. t
II V. TES8IER, Administrator of the
" succession of George Gnnney, dec'd
having tiled in the Clerk's office his final
account of administration, notice is here
by given to all whom it may concern to 1
show cause, within ten days from this
date why said account should not be
homologated and his bond cancelled.
Witness the Hon. P. A. Simmons, Par
judge, this 18th day of July, A.D., 1~78.
JOHN LAPLACE, t
July 20-2i. Deputy Clrk.
Sheriff's Sale. (
Victor Pisson vs. Monette and Leroy.
Parish Court--No. 612.
BY VIRTUE of a writ of Fi. Fa. issued
in the above entitled and numbered
suit and to me directed, I have seized
and will offer for sale, to the last and
highest bidder, at the door of the court
house in the city and parish of Natchbito
ehes, on
Saturday the 17t. day of Auguest 1878,
the following described praperty, to-wit:
Two certain lots and parcels of land,
with all the buildings and improvements
thereon and belonging situated in the
town of Natchitoches, on 01.1 river ; one
having a front of seventy-five feet on
river or street, and running back one ar
pent and bounded on the North by prop
erty formerly belonging to W C Melvin,
South by lot formerly belonging to dI1s.
Dranguet and West by another lot of
Chas Lemoy.
Another lot or tract of land, one acre
square, contiguous to and adjoining the
first lot named, being the same two lots
pure hased by the late Phanor Prndhom
me at. the succession sale of c aroline
Poissot f. w. c. about 1855 and conveyed
by the heirs of said Prudhommme to Chas.
Leroy in 1-i(e.
Terms of Sale :
Cash--with the benefit of appralsenmeutt
D. ii. IIOULLT, Ja.,
July 13.-tds 8herif.
SHERIFF'N SALE,
J.. W. Co(,kcrhaan vs. D lIoullt,Jr
1)ist nict Court-No. 8217.
I)Y VlRTTE of a writ of Pi. a. ai',s
J) in tlhe above entitled and nn-neal
silt and to tile ditrected, I will offet
sale to the last and highest bidder at the
door oft the court house il the city of
Natchitochets', onl
,athtrd yº, Au!lst 1711!T, 1878,
the following idescribed lproperty, to.,it
.\ certain tract of land situated ia n
p tariash o Natchlitechls, in this State, b
ing lot No 18 and heing ,artsof Eti
Nos. i. l. anld 17, in townshiip g ,
G,. containing 4,1 acres, together wit. a
tihe atnilin,.s and inlap v.,ents thlern.
Tertas f Sale :
(CASI., \11 it thei eltihit of aplraiseanettt
,.l., BErjA.
,Iuly 13-td, Co,r.
CoreqT,
J.:,1n. IL f . ' " r C. Carnmeia
I )iri0t (' Court-No. 908o
i Y , tVite ' ,a writ of Fi the
atlbe entitled and nnmnbe1d sait
an;d to mn' directad. I will otfer for talc
to the last and highast bidder at the
di,,tr of the Co'unt iloute itn the City of
Yiatthitachi+., on
S(tlttrdalty the 17th dlay of'Attltf st 1iE,
Oth tfhllowin.a,1..'crita.d tIolerty to-wit,
A certain tract ," ;in' situated is t
parish of Natchitoches and designated ,
p're-'mnt ion certificate No. 83331 fdte 18th
of Octotcti. I.Tal. V ats Nol, 2, 3,6 m.d
7 of section :30. townslsil ',. range 6, con
aining 1) 17-1l5 0 a.'s. Also :noothe
tract of l:an1 laying on the hin Dies andl
known as the Iladlin land ,djoining the
lands of J. A. 1)ucournan containing 213
:t'ets, more otr less, ; also the North fray
tional half of the South West qlarter of
section 29, township 9, range 6, cotkip.
ing :32 7!)- I00 acres ; also another piew g
land containing 17 30-1o0o acres to I
taken off from the West side of the 1th
West quarter of the South West nar.
ter of section 39 by a line running horth
and South, the whole tract being eon.
tignolus and mtaking 408 acres together
with all the buildings anti intprovement
thereon ; also the following movable
prop'erty, to-' it :
12 Head of Mule:,.
I llorse Wagoan.
18 Plows.
One lot of Geer.
One lot of Hoes.
Terms of Sale:
Ca~sh-with the benefit of appraismeat.
D. H. IBa)IL LT Jr., Sheriff
.Illy 13, tds.
JUDGXENT.
Caroline Rosenthal vs. S. Winbh q
Husband.
District Court, Parish of Natchitoch%
No . 8183.
IN this case by reason of the law ad
the evidence being in favor oftk
Plaint if,; Caroline Rosenthal, it is thbre
fore ordered, adjudged and decreed thi
she do have and recover of the defendae)
Simon Winbarg, the suma of Four Thig.
sand Seven Hundred Dollars with 5 $g
cent interest thereon from the 12thd
of March, 1871, and costs, with re
tion of her privilege and mortgage tk
moveable and inmmovable property obr
hushend the said Simon Winarg, si
firther ordered that the comwls
wqqucte and gains heretofore exiati rh
her aral her said husband Il~
sanme is hereby lisasolved, andj Plain
tiff' do hereaftet have the coant~, 4d
ministratinna of her separate estata
Dne and signed in open Courtetphy
2th day of ,Junne, l778.
aiigned] D. PIERSO0,
District Judge.
STATE OF LOUU5,II A,
Parish of Natchitochu,
Clerk's Ob&~ \
I hereby certify the above and folleo.
Sing to he a true and correct copy of ti
original Judgtment on file in my oiet_.
Witness mny hand and o~
[L R. ] ticial Seal at Natchitobe,
La., this 3d day of JelF
A. D., 1878.
W. H. TINNARD,
.Iluy -- ,t. (lrk,"
SHERIFF'S SALE.
A. I. Sonmpayrae for UIse of.J. W. Coe
erhaam transferee vs. D. H. Bonllt, Jr.
a B Y virtue of a writ of alias Fi. Fa. In
i the abovw entitled and numbered
suit and to tte directed, I have seized
and will offer for sale to the last 8
highest bidder at the door of the Codi
House in the city and rarish of 'atchtos
chea, on
Saturh'day, e 20 day of Jdnl!, 1B
the following dlescribed pre,'rty, to-wit:
A certain piece or pareAd of land ,
tedl in the parish of Natchitoches, be
the east half of north east quarter of*
northl east quarter of south east qusiW
altd south east quarter of sonth east qt'
ter of section 4, contdaining 162 age..
;lso 3 28 100 acres of the said *e
of tiortla east quarter and north
dquarter of sotth east quarter of samd5lT
tion 4, being excess ill said tractovatIi
area located bly \ i.'tt, of Military L
Warrant No. 73,953, also thie north W
lquarter of nort.ih east fractionalqslt
of section 9, containing 25 '76-l0K
also 2 76-10 acres of said soathU'
quater of section 4, being excesn 1i
. tra.ct over the area iocated by virt~
Miaitary Laid War'ant No. e7,36l
Svor of Walcott A. 8trong; the wlm"
said tr:ct of land being situated inI
adip No, , noirtlh of rlge 6, w.l
coutaiaing the aggregate qunlua
S193 80-100 acres more or less,
with all tac b.til.iags and I
' lents thereon, it being. the sameit
ed by the vendor fromn Robe't la
son, on the 9th day of August,0l 1
per lp;vate act ofisa u.,iy Ireo
the Recorder's office of this parish,
Terms of Sale.
Cash-with the benefit of
June 15.- Corouer, ex.-ofilo Sb
SSherilPs Sale
J. W. Cockerhamn vs. M. IH. Cat'
rt District Court-No 8213.
BY VIRTUE of a writ of seisUed
Ssale in the above entitled ad
bered suit and to ame directed, '
: seized and will offer for sale to '
, and highest bidder at the d oo
t Court House in the City and
e INatehitoehes, on
e aturday the 20tht day ofl Jhl, I1
-. the following described roperty,
A certain lot of groun situated is
, town of Natchitoches, on Front
a. having a front of 55 feet on said
af with a depth of two hundred ad.I
live feet, beintg the saile proPpg.
re quired from the succession of:td 9
e rand on the 19th day of Jaos5s,
ta said lot of ground being boutnded
a- by property of Mr. Clara Laplalces
e by propert' of T. La4co4e, iI '
dI street, together with all th la
. aItd imiprovements theresa or i
wise apertainTing. -
Tesm of 'dr *"
t; CASH, with the benefit of i
Juno 15-tde.