C N'F!"D \ 1CIIrP !Ir 10,
' - - I'. .inrs. 10, 1K
4Largest 9u foio
Of any (ountr'vy 1pal er in
tle State.
~aete of ?CVul ril tol.
Oiic P atI ....... -------- - . - ' I
$ix lo,:tl:' ......................
-AI rtuisr , lvts i.u.,rt; l at athe In, f
$1A5d er .uCri fr bhe . tt ii-i. irtt,
alnl ', e1t lil i; c, h sIll.vgh l l n hen o .
T(O :, iitne or I, l. l 1,,! lt i, ilr luI, a .i
t| te a +. ,a::'. Ir "".0 h unlr t l 'rl'dl.;.
toJud .ictial iTi torun l iall:t (): 1' ] tilItar
pe ir tll rell 0-:r s. sqularl li'-t in., r
tioln, CAI <'ents for e 'h s lscq t'.t i11el'r
turn. vay hlh in advý ane'.
A lt '|'l'tts'cient A1l\ ,I'e'tion tl5N +1.%' -
1, in all\'ma ice, :Intl all .IIdvt\,rti.N.lenils
f'111" a ,'ss titlei than 6 muonths. :n. Tran
eiellt.
iegular Advertiscamtuts 11a) al,h' llunr
terly. iii advance.
Advertisers in the North,,rn ('itis
m'1 5t apply to our Agents ftl' ,rie, and
contracts, tor !11) attention will be paid
to applications to us in ip.ro-il outil that
hctfioni.
AGENTS.
SAll olers r A\.rtiin,: mutt 1,,
contractedt with our A';ents.
No attnti-n paid to prlopositios ex
cept fr'm tlhem.
G.'P. Rowell & ('o., New o'v .
8. Y. It'igiIl & Co.,
Aver & Sn, l'hi'ilidlpli., i'eun.
l.. ,'renhman ,v iw'., "
C(mht thlr, Lorid & Co. (';it,,o. Ill.
itJowIll & l'hwi n. :it. L ' iS, Io.i
WV, W\V. Sharp . (.. o l:,rk l-w. N. Y.
T''hos. ,cintyer, New Orleans, lIi.
J. (Curtis \VWahlo, "
Newspaper Laws and Regula
tions.
1. Subsrihbers who do not give express h
notice to the out rary , are oni i-whr`dl 1
wishiig; to cont.ine their snMhirilptinl.
2. If suhseri!bers order th:' dis.eentian 0
mico of their periodhical, the p1nhher d
Inay Conltinle to seind them until all ar
ro'arag's are Ipaid.
3. Iftsubscribers neglect or reftse to .
take their periodicals from tlhe office to
which they are directed, they are hlud
nesponisible until they have :ettiled their
bills, and ordered tlhem discontined,.
4. If subceribers move to otlher plaues
without informing the publishers, and
the papers are sent to the ftoruar dire,- C
tion, they are held responsible.
5. The courts have decided that "refu
sing to take I'eriodicals from the olliee,
or removing and leaving them naihledil r
Sfor, is prima facie cvidence of intention
al fraud."
6. Any person who receives a Inewvspa
per and makes use of it. whether he has
ordered it or not, lihe is held in law to lhe
a subscriber.
7. If subscribers pay in advance, they
are bound to give riotice, to the publish
er at the end of their time, if they do
not wish to continue taking it; otihe!
wise the publisher is autlhrized to send
it on, and the st; .,ribers will be res
lponsible until awi express notice, with
payment of all :.erears, is Sent to the
pnbhlisher.
J. B LEWIS
SHR VEPOR LA.
WE ADVISE all our frields to attend L
the LADIES' SUIPER on Mardi te (
Gras night. Thioae who desire can whu
dance as well as eat, anrd we asnre to
every one that a good time will be Sch<
had. D,
Notice. prod
We send the VINDICATOR yet
this week to numerous friends imp
who are not subscibers. Should. s t
they not wish to subscribe they of v
will please return the paper to and
vate
this address.
Let each of our old subscribers I
bring in the name of a new reader
and secure his subscription to the Per
Vinduicator. We rely greatly upon a
the assistance of our friends in ,wo
increasing the circulation and in. r
finence of our paper. We flatter do
ourselves that few, if any, country pas
papers in the States compare with hol
it in point of excellence. See our thn
'thb rates on fourth page.
.-- ... D 1-=~· --- -
We endorse the convention of the
newspaper men of our State as pro- wli
posed by the Vienna Sentinel and be
would suggest some day early in frc
March as a suitable date and New de
Orleans as the place of holding the np
Convention. in
Great good will result from these de
meetings and we have been emphati- le(
eally in favor of them for some time. isw
Some gentlemen placed their names be
on the bond of the radical sheriff just
after his having been eommissioled pr
but they have withdrawn therefrom m
some time since. is]
es
BRown, of Vernon, got more votes cc
than two in that parish ; he received ti
within ten of enough to elect him, ec
but the principle is the same. He p(
knew he ,s beaten by I)r. Smart, and g,
if it were ten or ten hundred it ought p;
to have satisfied any honorable man; is
it did satisfy Brown-after a time and r(
we arre atisfied that Brown won't do at
tie toii a tight place. t.
-~ - ---- 01
To- Dunrt was compelled to lay w
over in Nb Orleans and will not ar- i
rive t.d y as advertised. The pMa- f
rie Louise will take" her passengers d
Lr ! na rd Ecor. .
Railroad and Natchitoches.
As man is tihe anrcllitct of his own We
f11 t)lie, o \ itlh tolW ns Ind villages. ing th
It r( sts with them whether they shall Ernes
Il' lrosilous, thriving and wealihy, bag"
or the re'\ l(e' . In this age of steaml. ion 0a
ui:lt cll do(' es nl: in!, for interior cities by a
or ton Is, ni t i, es it all; when they Thi:
are built up .1i I'icolme propl'10ros St. LA
it is , lher use their ci(izens are enter the 11:
p iS.in, 0 ld lh 1l to inwv st in tll' 11111,
chanc'e of gi(a at nillic im provement. ers" w
Natchitiches has, nor can have defend:
owing to its geoglaphica:l situation, the \' (
lhont one fntluri as a hsine(ss point, It st
and it omust be s1ale. Nature has that
,_ir(11 on soil 'l;d l lmate, the f)ormer I '5)ul )
the riche(st, the latter the most genial hull
in the wbold : we'. 0 itlih t, must win0 elrats,
the re t. Sit e:at('d as it is. the ('ity fr al
mast he'I)omII ' 1"' ('X'erti(on the c ('l(l tihem
of a l:r,.n l10.l1 tr:1lade, M (il, we S,1 siay n
loca1 l trih'l : that is a trah'le emll rae ('(i il
S ithii the ciIcu'1nfe'irane ' of 25 to 31)'
mile's -olthing hmore.,. A great imia:y w\oni
peloplle ilniine in their innocentce of in his
heart that Natchitoc'hes, if the Rail- "is a
rilla from New O ieals toI San Diago Ictly
shAhl pass through it, would enj.oy "Oh,
4 very hlarge J.ptan and (:hina trade; receiv
they hald as well (expect this as to ex the go
(beCettiad(e froml Texas, or to expec(t it No
even fr(m) a dic.tan,('ce of onie hundred plied
miles. 'Ilrl trade to Natchitoches the di
from the \est has dwilled down time I
fi om thousa:Ils to hund'reds of dol- illow
lars, and so to speak, it amounts to pla,
nothinLg .to-daYIv, \hvI lan shoullhl by tllt
we le s, anxious to get thlie tIed nw s crip
leei ,g cI'on truct'd toll pa he lv anli
town, and go, hence 25 to 3)0 miles deadl,
nearer thesl' people o)f Texa? Does lreda
aniy one fo)r a nl)ll(ent Sl)uppose that hi(ove
they would nolt go tol the 11earest poilt his (1
on that road to) trale, or ship p)rod l ' dr(ean
and) r('eceive golds ? moist ('ertai iiy. may 1
The' fact ('annot he disguised or l: ave
disiputed, that Natchitoche's enjoys no) the ci
Texas trade, 1and1 that her 70) h0l' gione
local trade is allSout to be injured by sleep
her being shipped of a great lportion story.
of the hill trallic iuless somet'Iing is for lu
d1(one to (chek it or to Iluil ul)p n in- lieade
flu ance ilpon and an aven ue foru trade d
SEast of us, in the parish of Winn, and
in our own beyond Rled River, northN
r s well as to the Spanish lake section
and l'eyond. te ft
The city has offered strangers .2O0, ,- t
000, aye :3)o,000 to build a railroad Red I
through us, let us see how much they
will subscribe to themselves to build a '
t road (lirectly to us.
With that X200.000 we could put
- Natchitoches in such a position that
she would 1he bound to build upi andCl 1
become the center of a large and
beint
y growing tade. $.0,000 would grade
and cross-tie the road to us from the
0 it 1s5'
- N. 0. Pacific on Ohl River, ten miles. fr i
T 'Ile CLmlnall.V would lput down the
iLon and fur 1ish thle Rolling Stock i
Ic neccssary. $3i,,000I would buiihl cor
dorony roadis and bridges to St. Man- i
rice, Montgomery, Grand Ecore, and 'a
across ,lack Lake, to and across
Saish Lake, and down into tie LitCa
tle River country.
$1t0,((0 coin h le invested, in clion
innction with epitailists with a like
amioult, in llihlillg 1and eqiippinig a
Cotton Factriy, for which we ihave 1
sllenIdid water llpower in Sibley's t
Lake, and 420,)(1) would purchase le
the Convent just at the edge of town, sket
in which cold and should le donated
re to the State for a State Military
e S'hooel.
Does any man say that these im
mat
provemients would not help us in
trade beyond any point we have ever
l yet reaciheid. The very sight of these -I
ds inlrovenents wuhld at once show
Id us to blie enteirprising, and thousands I
ey of white immigrants woul fldek ini
to and buy homes anmong us a11 culti-a
vate our rich soil, which fairly groans C(
in aIguishli for the lack of it. ti:
frs Iow many bales of cotton wouhl 1
ler cIome t1o us then ' 20,000, aye 50,11000
ie p(rhalps, hbsides thousands of dollars'
1in corn, meat, ihanty, horses, mules antd e
, such other products as this country li
1 would then leriig forth.
. Look to it fellow-citizens, tihat you
ter do not let thi golden lpio'tunity
try pass, for if you do not at once tlake
ith hohl some one will get ahead of us and1 Ja
our that soon.
Parish Taxes, th
the Te decision of the Supreme Court, t(l
o- which will be fond elsewhere, may LI
and le gratifying to us as tax piayers
Sin from the fact that it lessens the br
Le" deois of taxation which now preys
the upon the vital interests of our State
in an alarming manner. But this
oese decision renders it impossible to col
ait hect a sufficient revenue in this lpar
[0. ish to conduct its affairs, however
much it can le legitimately reducaed
mes below th1 present assessmernt.
just Under the present rvaluation of
oied property it requires a levy of 141
from mills to yield an income to the par
ish of $14,500, the amount which is
estimated will be required to meet
otes cuirent expenses ; deducting from
ived this amount the J0½ mills which is
him, llected by the State for special pur
e poses, and is not properly a State tax,
and $4,000 would be the limit to which
gt parish taxes could be extended. This
nan; is about one-half of what is really
e and required. Therefore, unless the law
't de as it now stands limiting parochial
taxation to 4 mills or 100 per centum
ot the State tax be not repealed, it
o lay will be next to impossible to suppress
crime and protect society, the very
a object for which civil government is
a- formed. We hope something will be
imgers done by thre Assembly to remedy this
lMurdar-on Paper.
n We have 1before us :1 letter conta n- it is ,,
inlg the gist of an interview with J. Ord, to I
1 Ernest ];reda, the chamllin) "wind eonditin
bag" of the Iadlical party of this sec- ti.J cilty
tion and the Heturnling Board "judlge," l'nu+r
s by a geintlemian of the North. or 1)eV,
S 'I'This letter is fl'',l o a ge'tleman ill which I
s St. Louis and was written to inqire re:laceil
thet names and hbrii! places of two aigull(ft
ncw , "leadin.g il+nocratic loll-doz- The, (
ers" whom lhr'eda had "laid out" in d(e on
P defence of that worthless ihing to all ahntilt
the world slve V iliis.il-liis life. c('ar hi
It seems1 tlhat Brleda related a tale I, -1 .
s That wouilhl have hariowed ilup the lcclcd a
r soul of'a innllllllnylV t ,;t how ie was very ,.
I tll-dozel bly ih '.e , B iver DI emo- rcii fail
(rats, who had failed to hlot shim so le:at for
far atliholl21i he ! d kih1l two of 1form.
i theml au;l l h iad hs a;stienal realyV to e' ll;
Sslay imore, thIll,,e ew
I lheda 1:1 111l1 have saili tiro I:tl l mh ((' 1 iih all
S"have I ;aiil al'.ad1y," (.nil x l' (i v 1(11 ,i
1 wo(ler that he did ot do so while ih ,r wlinigi
f in his conn:illicative mood. liedti take it
"is a fiunny fllo)Vw"-'lie, so a per- t1 ta s ol
i ftctly l rl11e1 baI t lIll biggest liar- year, at
'<"Oh, Lid"! auld this store of his is  :iv lthe
;received with "irenewed liinghter" ly ct'llect
the gapiilg crowd with cries of nlore. T'lhere i,
t No forlorn stralle'r h:is as yet t i- i ;f back
I1 plied o Chiaron fIlo fe:riarge netos walWralt
s the dark Styx, sent thither tei'ore hi cash ( il
a time by the vile pistol of lra'd:i, . No ll Aet all
billhowy lmound nni.l s the 1:t.i resting lie ei
n plano of V of1 pool:) frail hutinanlty. wot:k d
1 by the reil hiand iof red 's sdin. Ni lion (c .
S!scrip nor stone hias bioonll reared to fotr
e vandleii:g l)enim crat, '.1h,) fell in will lin
s deally rc ltl on.t itih thi s olllod condtliti
s llied . On tie lcontrary, theyv all live, stlet s,
t rov'e aid have 1 b,'iig wh iie vet croess ` ell fecl
It his dark and dreary path. Bt I"'tl eI -
e dreams, and in tlho'e drieams lperch:itnce
Ia.y havt e w ne ai little ofl that I'rud:, ' The
ir toavery that elevates the biped above loti.s
o the lur, and his pistol miahulit haveril e i a
i gonile oll and kiin ed sttlie one-in hi.s in to-dr,
v sleepl; 0somte (Ohi as viilnairy as his oe, I
n story. A large rewardl will b'1 paid of all
is for the deliveryI of a icrl s'' at these contral i
- headquiartcrs that coinle teit cd to e ti
Slireda. amtliid
i'.ail Facilities. poilt(
Out' IC ranlrks, hereitofore nluade iupon sl jct
the facilit with which no mail is, or Board.
has been carried ft)ilm the mloullh of simply
Red River to this point for i ontihis der th
pasts, semi toi have fallen lupon dull Schoo:
and unheeding ei; rs, and to have pro- wit t
it dced no other result tha tlli that of Parish
it taking the line imire useless, if that aid :
I could te' possible. School
W 1'e ml.st now inliist pon sonietli telligf i
l being done at once to relieve the citi- tuiate
zens of the intolerable nIisan '". As system
4 it is olndneted no frand can exceed it. them:s
S for it is a drain uiipon the iPotolice the ed
Uhe ipprOpriiatiois lutil r tp ttn, it Zvi
efor int service. Think ot it, Mr. Post{-1
limaster l eneral ; a toinii of rd ill- to e
haibitanlts within 7: hiours of New Or- (enu.i
leans b; ltie mail route, receiving its tiln llo
u Cewi (it) el0 re01 d1 as af'Stiert p ,lication. llT
ing this ontroiiSt ois inlh lrtg ! n1,
S We have redelved the January see lo
nilnber of LEISUtRE iOUIS a hand- have
isonme mammoth 16 page ((4.1 coliinl) cilill
fmuily paper, illed with thle clioiest ieirt
literature-serial and short stories, We
n sketches, plloetry, twit, umonr7 &c., &c. non-c
It is entertaining, anousing and ini- one.
strnctive, anid is (lie of the cihecapest tirop
papers--the amount and quality of be ret
n matter eonisicldered--tlihat we have front
seen. The price is $ 1. 20 per year A lar;
including as premiln a genine fine fourn
--line steel engraving, called " The ready
SMlitherless Bairn," printed on 22x 2 cs t
d plate paper, which the publishers Schot
claimn is superior in point of mer- Tl
lti- and attractiveness to any premium the
ever offered by any oth ilier paer inthe y
this country, and is alone worth the in i
niioney asked for botlh. mat
' lThe ptblislhers, J. L. Patton & Co., ficil
lars 162 William St., New York, author- t
aii ize us to say, that in order to intro- paris
duce the paper in this vieinity they oio,
make a speciiil offer to every one of the
our readlers to send them the palper outr
-a " trial irip" of four monihs, lia
tae post-paid, commlencing with the siet
ant January number---for 25 cents this
Onr readers who avail themselve, m1n
of this offer will, we feel certain time
thank us for having called their at- The
, tentin toe it. The plublishers of this,
may LEISURE HOURS ther
e s List of Arrivals at Prinlipnl llotels our
lecys C I udl Hiouse. is 11
State Benj. Smith, Parish. syst
this A. Chaler, " nis
col. J. W. llarper, Hopkins Co., Texas. in I
R. W. Freeman, Pa ish. wo
tar Levi Sexton, lWin Piarish, La. for
rver i Chias. Wheelelr, Parish. llti
ilced Oscar Witson, Montgomnery, La. gei
John Tncker, City. to
8. of . urtis,
A. D. Wright, "rat
f l40 Chns. Perot, Parish. the,
par- Titus E. Mertiman, Parish. to r
ici is J. iH. Caiwell, Many, La. ie
R. B. Williams, Montgomery, La.
eet . T. Willias " " J
from Johu A. Williams, "' " atoi
ch is G. F. Dawson & wife Pittsburg, Pa. fll
pur- Alfred R. Dawson, " " p
Miss Maryy Dawson, " " are
e tax Miss Elsio Dawson, " "sio
vlli L. Cliharleville, Clontiervillo, Lra. nio
This James H. Hill, Parish. mo
really 8. Goodrow, Sabine Parish, IA. con
law G. L. Trichell, Parish. ten
Alleu Franks, " " gra
ochi S. P. Rains, "l
,tum James Pollock, New Orleans, Li. rnd
d, it Michael McGinnis, DeSoto P'h. La. hat
press A. D. WVriikle, P1.iisli. bef
very J. W. Logan, " by
lent is me
ythis A SQUARE MEAL, FORI FIFTY Yo
CEFTIS at I3undick'8 Boarding Iouas. .
City ff~ailrs.
iit is ','ll, as :tm atter of future rec- \V e,
. oir , to make mention of the present should
id condition of the financial alif irs of ahses
c- this city. its air
," slr the last mnaUg.em nt, of ay- build 1
or 1)eV'ar.:i and his board, flhe debt, the pal
in *which was in excess of :1 lit), was romis
.e relnced to $3.5:)0 1 c proper Ilan- see .;of
"o an,(nel .t and e('lomy. +.Vn .
Tit du on , delii:fw'lt lists, and owes ish tax
il • aiit .':,. ): or in :t. , r words, has a Sht
char kilaw;ce of asaets amounting to
i le 1-1 li, most of whi'ic h can le e - e (her
lw Ietted at once. thi: we take it, is a Hecc
as vemy satialttry f l v h ing and our ,lur'o
O- cily fathers deserve congratulation at Paul
So le:t.t for their stc'ess ill practial re- Incit
of fIrm.
o \\We hlve this to s:ty, hoIvever, to Eigh
IhI, new o:ud(, arnd wv,, in L mr m(n colhct
,Ti it h ihl who dsir to see our city vtt e
iVll
V' w e ll !go v e r'n e d , pl 'n J 0r '1 s In d fi l- til p a
1l. proving, wtou l twi-h them to at least police
1 take it into uonsider'tion ; levy the till 1
l taxecs of 17t;, and collectihble this l
- year, at as low figures as lpossible- for.
is ay thei present esti mate, ti,5100), and ish iin
1t collect it in United States curirency. e
T'llhere is over 0i0t)ti) more than edogli.^t i
.- ar a tI';itli, i.Ss e l:; M tO' : ('Xc'(j( ii upon
ei cashl ii Kinds of flotuslrcl' to Ipay.
l let all h:ack taxes and licenses due
t lie 'eCivlcldle in wairrants : have all
'!. ;Ioll doIt e inl futine tundel col c l.li
\' tli ro l n ii;: nct i'fo ' ('.1h1. i.
tt Ifour city authorities do this they \"
il will find the cilv ll i w'tvs in a healthy
SCrinlil
do condition finalic'iallv, as ;veil is the
e, streets, l r'ibld s, ditches, etc. kept in E mile
" r l rfi cct ;.p:iir.
ice -tc School Law. gn io
1 T he 'liScol Lalw as r'leported by the his ic
SvelIlouse ('onutittee on Public Educa- the ri
it tiIon, a synStl is of t hich we pilis h tithc
c of I(l .l(1 (es of our citiz'n5 as in intoio
S ontr dicstici tinction to the old lasw, but a
w fce thi nk that even this ricni es yet
a ]eldmtents. ni t t
The' pa islfi Boards shond1 he ap
pointed ly the I'al ochial authoiti's- tipt
ton sitl.jct to ri.nflirn tiol byli the tate e t
or Bol'd. Ve nmake this siuiestion efor
Sf simply ceallse we contendl that titn- Tio
its der this plan of organizing l Puc Pack
lull Schools all parties to be connected Gove
ro- with them, and particutlarly such as it
of' Parish oards, :hould be thoroughly Couit
hat and radically in favor of a 1'ullb:n- as
Sc,,oil s.'.i t;. Ther e are anu ill - nd
itg telligeut gentltC+ent who are, i nfor- Judg
ti- tunately, violently oppoised to this ( l
As sstemi of Ed atliona; mtletn \\l;o are i
1 it theniselv e.; rich andt ale to pa'y in
liee the education of their owvn lcildren,
tiolnThe St:hi .ord aml.lhrS 'othell
t not he t , M, i tli'w l to , d tltlt b ii o ' i-e t'
meni , T hile t he p qatiti t til' rititsli
would; and ,rir flt ihniis wi ll at nce pae
ary see how unltfort ntll e it woull be to '."
and- have a kchiol Board in the parishes it a
us) cotinitsed oif gentlemen who had no
ries, We aesmne the Picayine thiat tlhe
&c. non-comil ensatit planll is the il'oper
in one. tPopulan r education is a philan
ipest thropic questlion--and should at once
y of be removed in its consumation as far pa
have from political influence as possible. ai
earA lA.ge ntmber of gentlemen will le m
fine found in every parish in the Statebs
The ready and willing to give their servi- for
x 2 ces to the comunnity as memlers of
meri- These gentlemen are fully alive to
i the timpot ance of the Educationi of t
or in the youth of the State, and will workt
h th in a fliar superior antid nmore successful n
manner thani younr salaried School of- TI.
Co., ficia+l.
thor- The Treasurers selected ty the
itro- prishes should receiCre o compesa
tey lion, if thley lido, 5 pert cent, or 1-20.nof'
me of the school monies would be simplyt
paper ortrageous. Plenty of first-class, TL
ths, reliable lBakers, Merchants 1and bu- pi
the siness men will be found to accept g
this position simply for the use of the Nt
tlve, money as it runs; thlat is, from tlhe
ti time it is deposited until paid out.
ir at: These gentlemen would be glad to do
ers of this, and ive good and solvent bond
therefor.
The ideft we wish to impress upon l
els our frieInd in the General Assembly
is this; to make thie Public School t
system a sunecess, its imanagement lct
must 1)0 stripped of all dead weight
Texas. in tie way of extra oflicials, who YCI
would live upon the funds collected
fur a philanthropic puripose, and to ho
place it in thlie hands of competent n
La. gentlemen w ho will devote tmheir time
to making it a success.
The pittblit feel the evil of igno
rance; they see it growing up around
themi every Iday, it would be criminal
to make a failure now when the pub
lie mind is so ripe for it.
Judge Datis, the newly-elected Sen
sator from Illinois, s tall and power hi
rg, Pa. fully built. His face is almost a ty
pical Anglo-Saxon one. His features a
are not finely cut, nor is their expres
sion intellectual; but they are harmo- -
L* nions, and there is a look of good h1
mor, comnon sense and careless self- at
a confident manhood in the whole conn- e
tenance. He wears a narrow frill of a
gray whiskers alound his face and st
under his chin, setting off his hale,
Li. ruddy complexiouto advantage. He
'h. La. has an air of perfect fearlessness,
befitteng Ott never cowed or broken ci
by sickness or defeat. All his move
- ment.s are said to suggest Sanford L
E. Church, Chief-Justice of New h
York, as le was in 1872, before sick- V
nue S touched hitn.
Retrench.
w\e contend that our Polce J'ry
should at once 'pro'eed to lcform all
abulse.s, to cut down taxes and do
its lart cet'o:;lage immitagratioil and
build up the shattered prosperity of
Sthe lpal islh. (Oir p"oile are sick of 1
promised ref'nn, aad they vant to
see :01( rl'ealiz;tilln otf all this cam
pIi.-,n 'ant of redne'+d taxe;s.
A faLir and liberal estimate of par
isih taxis would li :
a Sh(li1', for all dutiIs in- Gk
o clutding jail fees ........30:(l.
- ('lerk ..................... . 4-l00.00
lt eorder r. ...................}(0.}Ot
r Jurorsl anid W\itllnesses ......2,300(.In0
t Panpcr ..................... 511).11I that
Incihldenhtal ................. 1,4 0.t0
will
;l(t0 O11 tihe I
o Eight thousanld dollars levied and ('om
n collhcted in 1nited States curreney the
i wtiuld lle('t eviry I (xp(lnse to which tlai
ti' palish is sulibjectedl and whien tic ly
t police jury puts it ldotni to that we Co'I
Swill i, in to admit that onei step
is hais en malide ill the direction of Ic- but I
form.. good government in the par- con
ishI and Sltatie will double the aiSsessed the
vllie of property withii a yeair, and the
h S,0,I)0 w\ould not i Iimore thanl 4 TI
m!!ill,. tax on the dollar, a differenci' er cl
w ihen Colmlipared to present rates of ail
Il(l mills. CA
--1- -- --,~L,, Gi,-- .......
1tl General News. amnit
i- - i ea
].(,I'I-IAN.' ELT.ECTI(ON IRETURNS. (1:
New Orleans, Feb. 1.- -The Superior ior n
Criminal Court to day served a writ- Othe
ten order uponi Secretary of State,
iI
Emile Ilonore, at the Stte Ionuse. ino
rciqu'iring him to deliver for investi.i Ied
galt ion by the (;rand Jury tlhe origin- iel
al returns of the 1it electioin now iln i d
lie his ikeeping. Mr lhloniore replied that l1I
Sthle lrecords of his office show thllt Boa
shi ti(ither W. R. Whitaker,- the Judge test
I- issiilng this ordiler, nor John J. Finl- R\I
ert iiy, the l)istrict Attorney on whose nd
in molion it was made, have been com toot
it inissioined or qualified acording to liei
et law. Ile tlherefore refuses to recog- S
ni:e them, and says lie regards the ingl
I- issailce of such an order and any at- coln
teimpt to enifoirce it, as a violation of eigl
ie the stat li quo, and will lay the facts turf
I) before Gov. Packard for his action. thli
" The Demnocratic lawyers claim that vor
Packard has recognized the Nicholls it it
iGd Government by filing an answer to a intl
as suit against him in the Sixth District stal
ly Contr. The Republican Legislature cee
pa'sed a bill abolishing this court, far
in-nud the holding over and re-electedl I)a
or- Judge, Saucier, died Gov. Nicholls ing
his ppointed Itie Ipresent incutilbent, cia
r iudge RIegisre"r, before whoml the snit t.hi
was irouight and whose judicial ex- in
lii
iantl Pkrd lnited I pleadh' Ii
''The Senate after the -!th IlMarch pal
will contalin 37 I)DeoIri':lts to 3!) lRlad- p
ical. Close shave that, for a nmajor - 1l
Sihly. In f79f the Democrats will leand m
uIless R"sonnlhhi iig unII for eseeIn happens. ui
t a"T,-day." says Foriney, "we com- t
ce pare O. P. MorIlton to Daniel Webs- nt
eto itr." You may do it Forney, and do dii
shes it safely, fur Welister is d(ead.
111o _-_ ll
Judicial Printing.
In regard to judicial printing we gj
an have to say Ihat he present prices at
are entirely too low;do not in fact
sCn pay. The law shouldl l be so traned fu
iras to nmake the Iprice paid for judicial
ladvertising the sanlio as for other
tt business in this State--1 50 wperll
resquare1 first insertion, and 75 cents
for each subsequent insertion.
We hope our legislators will show
wisdom ill thie framing of the new
ce to w
Ilaw. The ohil radical law required
Stoo high price to be paid and the last
ssful compromise legislatures's bill too low.
l of- The price indicated by us is the falir
rate and we hope it will be adopted.
cia IIIAl B[SISESS MENTION,1 1
ill Iir G ENIUS thi entllerprising
TIN AND STOVE man is out in a
i bu- proclamation this week, wherein lie
gives lnotice that his charter Oak
the Stores are the champion, both in
Qte UALITY AND PRICE. Mr. Geni
o us is ready also to do 1lumbenrs work
to do with dispatch and at reasonable rates,
bond while Ihis stock of ready-made TIN
WVARE AND IIOUSE-FURNISHING GOODS
is complete in all its parts.
Inliby A CURE FOR CINSUMI'TION, bronclTitis, isthll
chool ma, catari'h, throat and lung disases. Also a
surie relief and permanent cure fo r geieral
emeit debillty, dyspepsia and all nervous afictiols,
Sby a smple vegetable mntecine, whihl cured al
vei-unerable missionary Physiciatn who was lollng a
rwho usildeiit of Syria aind tho East, andl who has
htetl fricely givenl this 'valhable specific to thosanlids
of kilidred sullteers with lth greatest possililo
nd to bnieits. lld he now lfeels it hiissacred ichristiani
DI it ditty to impart to otlher this woderfui' l ins-ig
oroting reiiedy, and will send FREE the orig
tte ginal recipe coniplelte, with full dlirectiolls, to
any," per'ion enclosing stamp for reply, Address
ino )0-1I.LARK A. ItOBBINS, Greely BIlock, Sy.
recuse, '. Y. (P. 0 Boix 76.)
minal
pub. A Guarantee that any one affected
with constipation or torpid Liver can
be relieved by taking regularly, by
directions, Simmons' Liver Reg.
d - ulator. It has been known to cure in
po'er hundreds of cases, and will do it
naty- again.
xptzes- "As a general family remedy for
am dyspepsia, torpid Liver, constipation,
od t - &c., I hardly ever used anything else,
is, self. and have lnerer been disappointed in
Scnn- effect produced; it seems to be almost
rill of a perfect cure for all diseases of the
D and stomach and bowels.
hale, "W. J. McELROY, Macon, Ga."
r. He -- -c-
ssness, Also the same new way! a.new prin
broken ciple! for the cure of catarrh : sores in
move- the nose and throat, Dr. J. H. Mc
ianford Leans' Catarrh Snuff. It soothes and
f New heals. Trial Boxes 50 ets., by mail.
Ssick- Dr. J. H. McLean, 314 Chestnat
Street, St. Louis, Mo.
l bll lvi
I FLOIDU IU ) A
S eT),cidcd Ilast Night. tnu,.
of lcilt Foreslia(o\e(l. d i
to on
PaIckard's lllllp) Abot to to iliil
)ispere ill so(
ha\i
Glory enoulll fbr one Day.
_ tlhei ~
eSpecial to thle Vindicator. his "I
SNe(w ()rilean, ielu'ruary ith, lH77.- beten
The lanst\ Wihingtii advices alie tota:iliy
that the grand Electoral ('Conmnissinn Wt.
will pir lilba ly reach a conclusionll illn soil a
11 the Florida case to ni tl:, (7th.) The nuoral
S('olilllisisimn will decide to go l(hindi( ticle \
I the face of the ccliltifielati toi :e er tie lal
i tain if the Returning lioards proper- put a
e Iv
r ('1)l'TED il:I' (Oi' PItiP'ILAR ,
e- but not to go lehintdl retuns fromi=-- -
r- coluty's ,nldl tlpiri-heS to inquile iitC
,d the action of pieisn1is at the polls oii
ii the dlay of election, or at other fillieS'
4 The ( C'ojissiion w(ill deny the pow
c e or (ali id liy the ]eturnltiilg lB ards,
of and will decide they r
('ANNoT' 'il'lIOV OI'T 1 (' ',OTES.
)avid l)udley 1'icl still cro.ss ex
ainillilig Mat Wells. Yesterday Wells
adiii:itted thie (clriC(tness of sundry
diunnliiiiets prodluced il e idence, iand
or oui-h.t to expilain thlem. Field had
it- other diocuilllts in Iiis pocket and
te. interrogated \Vells conlicernling theim,
Sbefore lie piroduIed tibetn. Wells de
,ti- ied knowing ally thling of theim-
in- fields then prodsued the docuinlits
in and W etlls was c.ol iud',lill d. U' nil, it y I
at (IlCeni, colored Clerk of ( h) etr)' lilig
alt Ioarl, will ,oln'lh iate Littletields
i. AI)1( 'ALS 1)EMiORIALIZED IIhRE
nse lnd if Iackard's Rulmp breaks Ull to
Ill1 imolro niibody would be surtllised
to bele.o
>g- Shreveport, La Feb. 8.-My Wash- Hs A
the ilngton dispatcliesh last night !tating aio t
t- conmmission had d(ciided bly vote of
of eight to seven not to go behind re
Icts turns were very discoli:gingii. Those
on. this mnorning throws a liilch more fa- IflCt
hit vlrahlo light on the case. It seellls 1
lls it meanillt 110 nIw testiiiony shoill hIe are
0on introdluced. Chief Justlice Waite is A
rict stated as sayillng, "yesterlday's pro- and
are ceedings are mnerely plreliminary and
irt, furnish no indicationsl of the issue." 1r1' 01
ted I)an Voohies say a b,:ck eye, no tlh ctcd
lls ing serious. The Washinigton Union
e1t. Ciails that in all ess-ential particular
suit thile qllestion is before the Commilission li
ec- in tile shape indicated and decided to'
to
lhg by Mir. O'Colinnr illn his olpenlilig state- celts
(11 patches say the ntai lllllilug tie'et of t i it
lad- iparty deiss.ioin 1esterdavy 01 the llill Tl':lU
jOT- q l inest i. U mnS whait dissil1ted this
InI mortliig. It will lliohialdy be SLt- F
Icnf. ullliday before the Fl'rida ese is set
o- tied. I tlinik it is a black eve and Ji
cbs- niliy 10 e iillS. Aippearances in
I do dicate that election will g, to Con
gress thunlgh everything rests withI
lBradley. tP
A. D. BATTLE. n1
otlh
New Orleans, Feb. ':8.-The decis- 01
g we sin0 in the Florida case at first cre- Il
rlcs ated miuch dispondcncy hlcre. Late
act special to Demlocrat has revived hope
un14 ful feelings. Tlhe decission restricts
licial evidence to lbe takel to that sent in
thler y President of Senate which ill
P hr cIldes both certificates, thile quo war
cents rants proceeding, action of tile Leg
islatnie oldering new count and de
scissiow of Suprene Count trilllnlnal
Sewwho decides toi hear testimony as to
i elegibility of electors. This is sub
owstantially all O'Conner asked for in the L
li argnment. I think vote of Florida
will finally be thlirown out. Thie mllain
ted. fight will be on Louisiana. I think .
there will be no result of any impor
S tance before Satur-day wheni final de
Scission in Florida case is expected.
isitig HEARISEY. R
t in a
in ie New York, Feb. 6.-A dispatch
Oak fr'om Tongue River states that Gen. in
Miles hiad another battle withl the tri
Geni- ndians in whilch hie fought thelni for 1
five hours signally defeating over a c
tlhousand of their warriors,
rtes, Washiington, Feb. 6.-Continued g
o ws oro.-oalnaintion of Wells : thi
Question.- Did yot say in the
copirse of your conversation witi E.
Osthl- 0. Iartett that you ihad determined ti
rl to make a statement to Governor
Nictions, N ichoils V
clredl a
s longa Answer.--ft is a most infaimou lie.
who has
o isands Q. Do you mean to say the ques
pis an infamous lie ?
Sieor' A. I say thile substanee of tue ques
lts, to tion is a lie.
lck, Sy- Q. If you would answer my ques
tion in a way a witness should an
ifected swer, it would be better.
er cull A. I will not ask your advice how aI
ily, by I slhall answer a questioln. 13
S Finally witness answered no. Hes
do it proceeded to deny everything touch
ing the Maddox and Littlefield mat
dy for ters, but not on questions outside of -
pation, these. The Vlernon parish question
ited i .he refused to answer.
almost Q. Did you not say to Barrett or
aof the Kenntedy you would make a clear (
breast of iti
S A. It is an infamous lie.
:w prin . Gov. Wells looks weary this morn
sores in ing.
H. Mc Abell is before Ifowes' commlittee.
es and He testifies lie did not see Littlefield
h aat lter the Vernon parish returins, but
Littlefihl told him of it.
New (OilElns, ]" 1c 7I It ; Prob
abile t'e SoIIher1 I tfc lanilroad
bill will be1 r ai1'4(d I , i' IIi( the lnd.
,itr11, 1 ( .0 If ,o. it i. thought tl;e
- -. . - - - ,s .. + , - . - . .
)II. J. C. Job, ýoh : .v iti.. a letter
Pi g . a we (n 11 4 t l itji 1 goi
oil" ci I(Id \" .l 's 1:m1,' . alnd seetl
to thi, k 4 'V dild tlih t:)J1/ : t injhiC stiee .
1.10 ',." v °.,;l .',, bon . I l'h e can findt
theui \I'e could sM1'e sorle nI'ecessity for
his .ki -• i " a, it is, he has not
bCeen '"-i di1" and his h-ttvr to us is'
W1 are glad tIo -(' that Mr. Joln.
soil admits the o(irr(ctn1s1s of the
n{eral we wi-Thd c )to point inl the ar.
ti('le \1hic(h he al.llIVeS to, Viz : that .
tihe t1a1 r1;: Is Sould l ,la;dl ttogether to
putt a stop to hog a1nd (1attle stealing.
HENRY GENIUS,
Workt.r in Tin, Coppj r oA
SHEET IRON.
Corner f'ront and Trudeau Streets,
NATCIHITOCHIES, LA.
Wholesale and Retail dealer in all kinttsof
HEATING AND COOKING STOVES
andl sole itgeint for the celehated chamipion
CHARIItER OAK
cooking slvie. All stovrs sold :it man.
tufactl r'er's prices with freight added.
Manlu!acturer if plain and fancy Tin
Ware Metallic rooting, etc., etc"
A large and selhot stockl of Tin Ware
and Hliouse Furnishing good on hand ·
SG17F'ITERING, ROOFING, and all man
ncr of Joh, Tin andl plulmbrrs work exe
cuted with dispatch. i
i1 WorL,. notify my friends and the
ipublic generally that I amn nw prepared
to furnlis h them PURE milk at forty
It w,,ill b r." jittt to thIcm atF, i
ci et l lr s i g af llt n . ,i a s ; r ' l.
SItillt t eill'tii l:y l, :t' ;i linir over to the
T"l'nil; l l it'i , t i-i lttimi towlt ti.
I'P ,:i.c·s t ii t- i Ill at rolnize ie can
i'prol ' tllr. ic.k'lets from ilte :It alt, tilml .
Feb. :1 '77. (N ,RENEAUX,
l JOSEPH C. KEYSER,
- Brickmnaker tnlud Layer.
Itr PIREPARED to do all work entrusted
I to him quickly and in a workmanlike
manner. Tomb, Clhimllneys, Cisterns and
other work toliciteti.
O Orderls left at IIULLARD & CAMP
I BELL will be prompitly attended to.
Jan. 27, ly.
&.. E3. LMemee,
in NOTARY PUBLIC.
(Oilice unider Vindicator Office,)
ST. I)ENIS STREET,
- NATCIIITOCHES, LA.
April 29.- ly.
SBoarding House.
o L. 1. BfURDICK, Poprielet,
i lii (Corner FRiONT and TOULINE St.)
nr- ATCIIITOCIIES, LA.
Ic- EVERYTHING NEW.
ROOMS ELEGANTLY FURNISBED.
S The only First-Class House in the ciiy;
n. in fact thi oniy house where transient
tie travelers call be accomlmodated.
or Tables supplied with tlhe best the mlr
kcts ntitrd.
a ttentive waiters and the comfort o
dgur'ls in every lparticular guaranteed.
led eks run in conunection with tlhi
this house.
the TERMSV10DERATE.
E. Files of daily papers will be found is
ed tlhe oiice.
lie. Practical
WATCHMAKER
s- --AN)D
J oeweler.
Wu- Watches, Clocks, and Jew'
elry c:refill, relpaired and warranted.
Standard TIME Kept
ow and Watches set ald regulated correct
ly, free of chiurge.
A fthne lot of WATCHES and CLOCKS'
for sale cheap.
ch- (Olice on St. I)D'nis st., between 2d & 3t)
rat- Feb. 3--1y.
a of 0. Shaftratil,
Boot and Shoe Maker.
tt or IALLENGES the world for ntIs-:
er and durability of work. Sattisfacti'l
and material guaranteed
Shop an St. Denis St.
IL iE. B"U'1J L~-l
--dealer in
but GROCEI - , ES
i ti t Si UT , ir c! , ;tt!! tC t, La.o