15EO. E. U(iLLESPIE, Editor.
NATCHITOCH ES
SATUIRDAY - - - April 15, 176.
Advertisin I 1les.
q are .... $I
2 s naTe..-... 71 i1 I . t 0 (l i 2' tll 5 4. 1(
j sq,,ae s... ill 13 ( 1 is 111 t5 I' ,1i0
4 sl :tar' s... 14 4.I I, to l )n :Ita i)l :15 00
S s ur'.e' ... 17 ,o , Ilt 27 nII :15 0( 410 i0)
6 squar-... irI) 64 11 n $2 0 4I) 111
7 squares... 2 Ii "27  1"0 i' ; on il (5I 70 I' )
1) squareI~s.. 1111 3 Ilt .1i1 nl 7 illI1 15 0Ill
15 qll:a re.. .. 45 1i ill gI)I) 71 11 ) 104111 l5 III
Ii squar"s.l ..-. 0'I It rlt (l 9 (11 1 :i1 (ill.01, ) i0)
'L'nulient adverl i l.mllnt .I.5lt 1 s 'qarl' of"
li lines iltrevier. ih'st inwrtin, Ea:;ch subse
quent insertien 75 cents per sliare.
All chllairges ig tlclvertiscenttls to be
chlnargel as if ugew.
Transicent adlvertismentlls u inst be pait
for in aIldvanle.
All ,ills with regunlar advertisers ren
dereld quarterly.
One inch of solid brevier conlstitutes a
lsquare.
Marriage andl olitl:uary notices b,,eyondi
the silmp lllle llaunlll'elent, resolutions or
cards of thanks, charged as advertise
Inenlts.
Rates of Subseription.
One Copy oneI year........... ........l.on
One Copy six imonths ..... ...... .. ...I)
(Payable ill advance.)
AGENTS FOR THE TINDICATOR.
Rnwell & Chinsman, St., Louis.
St. Louis Pulllishing Co.,
il P. Rn ell & C(. New York.
S. 3M. 'Pettelgill & Co.
W. 11, Sharp & Co "
Thos., .llllntyre. Nw" Orlenus.
S"-'All persons deairint to Adve.rtise with us
in those cities. 1I"ST apply to our Agents.
Circutlation larger than any 1jpa
per in the State ontsidc o'f New Or
leans or ,hreeport.
JURs PAPER IM Ox FILE WITH
Where AdIveVdmg Comýreeta ea bek mim.
WV. . SHARP & CO.,
PUBLISIHERS' AGENTB,
No. 25 ParkRow, New York,
Are authorized to contract for ad
vertising in our paper.
Our regular packet, B;rt. Able, came
to the landing early Tuesday morn
ing with a pretty good up freight,
Capt Dick Sinnott in command. She
is a fine boat for this trade, and our
merchants and business men should
give her the preference over all
others. Many thanks to her officers
for a file of city papers.
Cotton planting would have
been very general throughout the
parish this week, but for the
heavy rains during the time,
which has put our planters be
hind with their work considerably.
--D 4m- -
Thanks to lion. L. A. Wiltz, for
a copy of the proceedings of the
Convention held in the city of
New Orleans on 5th and 6th Jan.
nary last.
Any one in want of the Eu
calyptus Trees can get them by
applying at this office.
Rain fall for the last six days,
ending Thursday morning, 13th
inst., 4:10 inches.
River rising rapidly.
Lucien Adams, Jr., was killed,
and Judge Lucien Adams and
John King, severely wounded, at
a Radical Club Meeting in New
Orleans, on the 5th inst.
Strangers, Travellers and Visi
tors, should remember that L. H.
BURDICK has opened a first
class Boarding House in our city,
Corner of Front and Touline
Streets.
Those in want of SPRING and
SUMMER goods, of whatsoever va
riety and quality, should call on our
old and reliable merchant J. A. 1)11.
COURNAU, corner Front and Church
Streets. He has just returned from
New Orleans, and informs us, that he
has purchased one of the largest stock
of Day GooDs ever brought to this
market. Gentlemen desirous of suit
ing themselves with the finest and
cheapest goods in their line, will find
it to their interest to give him a call ;
as for the LADIEs, he is prepared to
please them in every particular, both,
in the qifality and plice of has goods.
We have looked through his stock,
and pronounce it par excellence, one
of the finest we have ever seen offer
ed in this, or any other place of like
size. Call on him and decide for
yourselves. A few of the leading ar
ticles will be found mentioned in his
card in another column.
------ ~ --- -
D ces Tecum--A writ com-.
manding a person to appear in
the Conut of Chancery at an ap
pointed day, and bring with him
certain evidences, or other things,
which the court requires to see;
or a clause to that efifect added to
a abpe&a to give evidence.--[Law
Dictionary.
We will iate again, for the inform
ation of correspoudente, that we
take no notice of eonmmuniceations an
less accompanied with the real name
of the writer, howeverpoticfalg they
mazy he written.
Louder.
We once heard this cry nlade to
one of our distinguished members of
Congress, while lie was makiing a
public speech to a large crowd in a I
spacious hall, in the city of New Or
leans. It, in no way disconcerted
him, for his reply was: "'le patient
gentlemen, and I will get loud enough
for you all before I am through ;" i
and so he did, making his voice per
meate every and all parts of the build
ing, and distiitly audible to every 1
one present. Warming with his sub
ject, and being very eloquent, lle
gradually approached the Louisiana
question, her wrongs, the indignities
she lhas been compelled to bear, with
the despised usurper as her Govel nor.
There were no longer any cries of
"''louder" froim the audience, but they
all calmed down into attentive si
lence, and not a murmur could be
heard throughout that vast assembly.
Although we do not desire to coim
pare ourselves to a distinguished
mlember of Congless, but we will say
this: that before this camplaign is
over, we will get our paper "h''lt"
enough to suit the miost fiery and im
lletuous. There is one thing we do
not prlopose to do, lhowever, and that
is to lose our anolnunition firing at
long range. It would be the greatest
tilly and imbecility to introduce the
snlubject matter of the canmpaign at the
initiatory prelude, and give the ene
mny the chance to attempt to "put
their house in older," to escape the
heavy blows they may reasonably
expect. The game has not yet "bro
ken cover," and until it does, do not
cry out "hotter," but rather' he con
tented, and rest in patience, well as
sured, that the work will be done at
the pliiper time, and in the proper
nlanner, provided, we do not othinid
the instincts of modesty, and disre
gard all claims of propliety, in order
to suit the taste of those who may de.
site the detailing of private scandal.
We are now making up the record,
and reconnoitring the ground before
us, and will be able, no doubt, in due
course of time, to serve up things as
"hot" as any one may wish. There
, is no scarcity of material to make
things "hot," but, then, when we do
get in that pungent condition, we
want to scorch 'em to a parpose.
Hon. John B. Gordon.
In a speech in the Senate of the
I United States on March 9th, 1876,
Sshowed how rmuch the Government
has been defrauded in the collection
of the Revenlue Tax on whisky, for
the last thirteen years. The sum, ac
cording to his figures, is fabulous;
amounting in round ilnubers to the
Senormous amnount of eight hundred
Smillions of dollars; enough to pay
tile expenses of an hundred Centen
nials, or build a Pacific railroad, not
r only to California, but almost around
a the world, if there was land to sus
fl ain it.
After shlowing the radical defects
of the Revenue system, and asking
the Senate to take somle steps to pre
v rent so much frand and partizan se
lection of officers, lie thus coneludes:
I think it is Buckle who says that
there are eras of crimie and of differ
ent grades of cliume. Whether Buckle
says so or not, it is true. There are
erns of crime, and this unfortunately
is one of themn. What will hle who
shall chronicle these events in tile
fiuture call this era in our history f
What can lie call it but an era of pub
, lic shame, of public theft, of public
I prostitution ? It is timnle to begin a
reform, and no better place to begin
it than in this revenue service. Tlhe
Sgreat evil, the towering, the over
shadowing evil of thlis day is the love
of money and the love of display
which mioney penrmits, and tie telnl
tation of ,fficials to obtain money
[ through official corruption. This is
-. the great fact that stands out boldly
before us. Hlow shall we exaggerate,
then, the importance of throwing
e arolund tile collectors of our revenue
all tile conditions and before them all
tile incentives to honesty which shall
a enable them to resist temptations so
peculiar to their situation I
Can we not do this? Can we not
r bury party considerations for suchl a
Sresult? Can we not foriget for a time
I that we are parties with a great po
litical contest before us, and remluem
a her only that we are Americans, withl
e a republic to save, a reputation to
k redeem? If we cannot, if with this
Srecord of official crime before us, if
with this demton of demoralization
Senthroned in the very seat of the
d Government, with this gathering flood
d of corruption rolling over great and
once honored departments of Govern
ment, and breaking at last at tile
very steps of the Executive Mansion,
i if with tihe very foundations of po
. litical and of offlicial morality crumb
,ling beneath us we cannot forget tihe
feuds of thIe past in the effort to save
0 from thle frauds of the present, then
we shall surpass the miadness of Jern
e salem breaking into factions while
r Titus thundered at her gates.
Mr. President, this is a good year
to begin reformation, and this is a
good place to originate it. Let us
not only unite here without distinc
tion of party to rescue this Revenue
Depart.enta, but let us unite tile peo
ple of all parties and of all sections
I inl thile eftfort .to restore honest and
. Iure government, and practical, sub
stantial, universal reform.
SWe continue to send our paper to
Sall of our friends, and, as only one
. has been returned, we conclude that
r they want it, and will become sub
seribers; therefore, we ask them to
send in tile amnount of the absecrip
Stion, which is only *2.00. In this
B conneetion will state that we cannot
- carry out any forumer contracts of the
m Vindicator, and hold ourselves per
I feetly free from any responhibility
whatsoever in thatparticelar.
Easter Sunday.
As many have expressed surprise
that this feast should occur on the t
16th, and not on the 9th of the pres- s
cut month, we have concluded to t
give some explanation of the matter,
which may not be without interest to t
a manjority of our readers. Easter is F
one of those moveable feasts, regu:la- '
ted by the changes of the nloon, and t
consequently must be as variable as c
the moon itself, with this exception, f
however, it must always be on a Sun
day, and this Sunday Imust be the
first, after the first full moon after t
the Vernal Equinox.
Now for tlihe explination, how, this
year it happens on the I6th, and not
on the 9th inst., as the full moon was I
on Saturday, the 8th, at forty-eight
minutes past seven o'clock in the af
ternoon, and according to customi,
Easter should, thlerefore, have been I
on the 9th, the first Sunday after tile
first full moon of the Vernal Equinox.
The Iproper time for the celebration
of Easter has occasioned no little
controversy, for we find in the first
years of christianity the churches
divided upon the question, until the
Council of Nice (:'325 A. D.) which
fixed the time above stated, for its
celebration. It was deference to an
cient custom, that led the ecclesiasti
cal authorities to adhere to the inetlh
od of determlination by the moon,
and at tile epoch of tile Council of
Nice, there was no oflice of longitudies
to determine the exact hour of the
full moon, that is to say, the precise
moment when the eartil is between
the moon anid the sun in a straight
line, the line of syzygies. "It must
be relnembered" 4says Chambers En
eyclopaldia,) "tllat it is not the actu
al moon in the heavens, nor even tile
mean moon of Astronomers, that
regulates the tinte of EJaster, but an
altogether imaginary moon, whose
periods are so contrived, that the new
(calendar) moon always follows the
real new moon, (sometimes by two,
or even three days.) The effect of
this is, that the 14th of the calendar
mlloon-which had, from the times of
Moses, been considered 'full moon'
for ecclesiastical purposes-falls gen
erally on the 15th or 16th of the real
moon, and thus, after the real full
moon, which is generally on the 14th
or 15th day." In looking up the sub
ject farther, we find the following
statement in a French paper, publish.
ed by the authority of the Diocese of
Nantes :
"They have used an easy method
to facilitate matters, and sacrificed a
little exactitude to simplicity, and
this method is still in use, because, it
gives results ordinarily exact. The
I error besides, is without consequence,
because it can only make a difference
of one day. This mnethlod gives to
tthe lunar monthi thlirty days, when
Itruly it has but twenty-nline days,
twelve hIlours and forty-cighlt minlutes.
This year the ecclesiastical count is in
Sdisagreement several lhours withl as
tronomny, and these hours cause the
full moon to fall on tlhe 9th, instead
of the 8th, and following tlhe law of
:the Council of Nice thley have been
t forced to place la fete tie Pagues, In
Sunday thle 1Gth April."
It is tlierefore a well established
fact, tilhat to-morrow (Sunday) is to
I be Easter, with all of its aceompany
ing ceremonies; thile young ladies
with new dresses, and thle children
withi dyed eggs, &c., wlhich to them,
forms a very important period of
their lives.
State Tax Sales.
It will be remembered thlat some
tiume ago, in the case of Joseph Re
boul vs. Joseph Billgery, Judge Cul
Sloll decided tlhat the State law Uim
posing penllalties on delillnquent tax.
payers, and especially thile amount
Sthlley have to pay the purchlaser at the
tax-collector's sale, in order to re
deem their property, was unconstitu
I tional and could not be enforced.
This case was applealed to thile Sn
preme Court. Last week, Judge
Taliaferro rendered thile decision of
I tile Court, to thile effect that the con
stitutionality of the tax imposed on
plaintiff (Reboul) was not the subject
of the controversy ; but thlat the val
une of thile prloperty involved was shown
Sto not he $500 anid hence the Supreme
SCourt had no jmuisdictmon. The ap
Speal was dismissed.
This, we ipresume, leaves Jnudlge
SCullnum's decision to slatIld unaltered,
I arid a safe-gIuard for thoIe unlfortu
I nate tax delinquents whose property
is soughlt to be taken fuom themn by a
Sset of hIarpies, under the forms of le
gal robbery and conlfscation.
Thle above is taken from the Or
leanian, a weekly paper publishlled in
Sthe city of New Orleans, in the inter
Sest of the Tax-payers, and anything
folnd in its columns relating to the
subject of taxation, may be relied on.
r If tIle law imposing penalties on de
Slinquent tax-payers is unconstitution
ail ias decided by Judge Cullom, it is
sillmply stealing thile people's money
for tau-collector's to insist on them
paying it, particularly since they are
not able to pay thile high taxes without
the penalties, except at great sacri
fice,
S Let every farmer read the ad.
vertisement in this paper of '"Chu
fa, and Japan Peas." If one
half that is claimed for these crops
I by the best authorities be true,
I they are indeed a godsend to the
SBSouth.
· 5; Get your printing done at
the VmDItcATo' Job Office.
The New South.
This is the appropriate name for
the country rmaped out by the far
seeing and adventurous carpet-bag
ger, when he packed his carpet-bag
and came down, just after the war,
to enter into his great scheme of re
generation and purification. There
was no thought of self in his under
taking, no idea of robbing anybody,
or stealing anything that could be
found, oh ! no, lie simply "Followed
freedom on thie adventurous tide;"
his mission was peace and good-will
to mankind generally, and to the ne
gro, particularly. In order to carry
out the aims and intentions of such
humane projects, he must first get
power, and this could only be obtain
ed through the working of the Radi
cal party, and the negro vote.
To win the negro to his side,
hie begins by instilling into his
ear the subtile poision of hfatred to
his former owneril, and making dupes
of them, which lie soon learned was
no ditlienlt task. lie obtained pow
er; was it for peace i No, far froUm it,
but plunlder, plunder every where,
was his game; and if any one can
truthfully say, that we have not been
systimatically plundered fiom 1868,
to the present time, he has but a dim
idea of w~hllt will fill the definition of
such a term.
\Vell and truly did lie adopt the
' teachings of the Radical press through
out the North. It was Hlorace Gree
ley, who said to the young men of the
country, "Go West," but it was the
Radical party, who said to the Car
t pet-bagger, "Go South, go to the
t New South, there is your Eldorado,
- the land of promise;" for the "South,"
. says Mr. JJames Rledpath, "as a com
pact political power, should have
neither courtesy nor mercy shown it.
It deserves neither pity nor respect.
D Its history is one long, lurid, chroni
cle of crime. The nation has crush
ed her, and to prevent her rearing
her hydra head, mast be driven back
,f at any cost." After listening to such
r teachings, is it any wonder that de
'f prayed, corrupt, and dishonest men
+ caine down here to take advantage of
the negro, and find a few debased
1 white men, to enter into their nefa
II rious plans of wholesale robbery, and
I open-handed stealing? Tluhink of a
people already impoverished by a
g long fratricidal war, being subject
ed to such trials as these? Think of
if all the things being constantly enact
ed among us, and then wonder, ye
I philanthropist, if you can, that ex
a traordinary means have been used to
d countervail such horrid ind diaboli
it cal acts. Is it any wonder that these
e adventurers aroused the bitterest feel.
, ings against them, when it is known
e that they had, after obtaining the
pow ver, run ip tnatioan until it
n amounted to virtual confiscation i Is
, it any wonder that the people of the
. South determined to relieve them
Sselves of this terrible "crushing pro
- cess 9" "
S Let any man in, the Northern States,
d take a calmn view of the situation, and
if acquaint himself of the facts, see
n what wrongs have wbeen heaped upon
n us, and if hie will then pronounce
judgment against us, and continue hirs
d teachings and doctrines that we should
o iall be driven from our hearths and
h. omes, then we will say that chrlisti
s anity is a cheat, and holy religion a
n fraud.
SSheriff's Sales.
Robert W. Simmons vs. W. WV.
Breazeale. Sale of land on the 6th
May.
lMarcelin Tauzin vs. R. E. Burke,
SAssignee of 'rT. Lacoste, Bankrupt.
Salel of House andl lot on Front Street.
. Saturday, May 6th.
W. M. Levy vs. Gaston Roqne and
SJ. E. Roque. Sale of land, May Gth,
t Clemnence Dngas vs. L. H. Burdick.
STimes otfice, 15 April.
A. B. Sotulpayrac vs. D. H. Boullt,
Jr. Sale of lands, May 6th.
J. H, Stephens vs. Harriet Prm
Sdhoumme, wife of Theo. Prudhomme,
C sale of Gin House and one acre of
if land, on a credit of 12 months. May 6.
Succession Sales.
t Succession of Winm. Joyce. Sale of
land, household and kitchen furniture,
nApril 27th.
Succession Sale of J. J. Patton.
.ale of land on Spanish lake, April
29th.
e Succession of Remy MeTire. Sale
of land and household furniture,
April 27th.
SJoseph Welsh applies to be appoin
ted administrator of the Succession of
John Deegan, deceased.
Marie Azelie Dasilva, applies for
the administration of the succession
n of John Dasilva, dec'd.
That Damned rConfederate House.
It would do you good to hear some of
Sthe truly loyal, who have just been
i. choked off fromt a full teat, denounce
. the "Confederate Houtse," as they
call it. It is hard, they think, to be
Iprevented fromn robbing the Govern
is ment they saved, and that too, by
y the very men they saved it from, but
n somehow or other they don't get much
Ssymnpthy.
They stand around hotel bar-rooms
t and swear feebly, accept an invita
- tion to drink sadly, and theth contem
plate the ruin of their hopes for the
remainder of their stay. It didn't
use to be that way tifteen years ago.
. If anybody took occasion to doubt thde
purity of anybody connected with
'the Government then, he was imme
- diately damned for a "Copperhead"
g and pounded like a dog. There were
no arrests in those days for anything
, of thdt sort.-[Correspondence St.
e Louis Times.
Whatever the size of her shoe, the
Washington Star tlhinks there is no
t doubt that Mrs. Belknap "put her
foot in it."
News of the Week.
The following official order has been
issued: The Headquarters of the
Army are hereby re-established, and
hereafter in time of peace, shall be
at Washington City, and all orders
or instructionus relative to military
operations, or affecting the military
control and discipline of the army,
issued by the President, through the
Secretary of War, shall be promul
gated through the General of the
Army.
AI, nioxso TAFT,
Secretary of War.
Cen. Merrill denies the statement
that he took a bribe while Judge Ad
vocate, in Tezas.
Barton Kendrick was found dead
in his room, in St. Louis, on the 5th
inst. lie was formerly Secretary of
ex-Gov. Warmouth.
There is to be an Irish Rifle team,
at the Centennial, to compete for the
chaminpionship of the world.
A clored Convention was held in
Nashrille, Tenn., on the 4th inst.
Mrs. Ben. F. Butler, died at the
Mzssachusetts General Hospital, April
8th, of Cancer of the throat.
Forty-two Japanese youths passed
over the Fort Wayne railroad, en
route to Philadelphia, where they are
to attend school.
The remedy for newspapers that
are "hard up," according to the Min
den Democrat, is to demand the cash
in advance. (We'll do it.)
The President has had a slight at
tack of apoplexy, which alarmed his
frienids very much.
New Irish potatoes in Goliad, Tex
as, March 25th.
The ten citizens of Baton Rouge,
who were arrested by warrants from
S. B. Packard, U. S. Marshal, and
President of the Radical State Cen
tral Committee, were welcomed home
by a monster Mass meeting, composed
of all classes of citizens.
It is said that Secretary Bristow is
weary of his position, and will soon
I resign.
It is thought that Congress will
I continue until after the National Re
r publican Convention.
Rain fell in New Orleans, to the
amount of 54 inches, on the 7th inst.
Mr. Joseph E. Winner has patented
a process which completely destroys
t any kind of stamp, bond, &c., when
" written on, for cancellation.
f The Lafourche Union has, as its
motto, "Justice and equal rights to
all men," and quietly takes the Judi
cial printing from his confiere, the
' Republican.
]Hawaii, is the Kingdom of the
2 Sandwich Islands, eight in number, in
Sthe middle of the Pacific ocean.
1 The French have invited proposals
B for thirteen thousand five hundred
t hogshead, of Tobacco, from the States
s of Maryland, Ohio and Virginia.
a None from Kentucky.
-Mark Twain is worth $60.000. It
lpays to be fumnny.
It is alleged that the Grand Jury
, of the Superior Criminal Court, in
Stends irvestigatting the late riot at
B the Mechanic's Ilstitute.-N. O. l'ic.
SIt is denied tlrat thire President hais
B expressed a preference for Conkling.
s Rain almost every day this week.
S Go to J. A. DUCOURNAU'S to
buy your Yew spring and &ummer
Goods.
We hope there will be a full at
tendanrce of tre Parish Central Conm
mittee at thire meeting called for Mon
day next. It is iniperetive that ;an
early organization of the people
should take place and our initiator.y
committee meeting should be attend.
ed by every memiber.
S While on this sulject, we should
like to know what the young men pro
pose doing this coming campaign
Will they act like rational beings and
grapple with the subject intelligently,
I or slink around as so many machines?
If too young to vote at the past elec
Stions, it stands to reason that many
have reached the voting point during
thre intervening years. Let the young
Smen bring all their intelligence, in
I, tegrity and patriotism to the front to
meet the political issue sensibly,
I manfully and honestly. They should
recognize the folly that brought dis
I aster in the past, and the necessity of
, using firmness and judgment if we
would triumph next November.
'f Will Mr. Frank Morey, member of
Congress front Louisiana, be pleased
r to rise up and explain the natdre of
Sthe services he rendered in Washinag
ton to the North Louisiana and Tex
as Railroad Company, for which they
paid him a fee of eleven thousand
dollars ? We have a right to pro
pound this question to Mr. Morey,
e because lie is a pLublic servant, and
' the people of Louisiana are stock
e holders to the amount of $1,122,(000
in that railroad company. If Mr.
I Morey will not rise up and explain
this small transaction, we would res
Spectfully suggest to Gen. Gibson, Mr.
Levy, and Mr. Ellis the propriety of
; interrogating Mr. Morey about it upon
the dfloor of the House of Iepresenta
tives-[N. O. Democrat.
For Cheap and Fine Goods call
Son J. A. DUCOURNA U.
"Neither Pierrepoot nor the Pres
" ident appear to care much who stole
a the letter of the former."--[Detroit
J Free Press.
Colnie, now; that won't do. Say ap
pears or at once abandon all thoughlt
of taking that contract for writing the
Centennial English grammer.[-Con
rier-Journal.
Subcrib to the Vindicator,--
Subscribe to the Viu dieaztor,
Natchitoches City Cemetery.
TIHE I{EiPOnIT OF REV. J. S. WHITE TO
TUE SUiISCItllERiS, FOR TIlE REPAIRS
OF TIlE SAME.
lHaving solicited a subscription from
the people of this city, for the pur
pose of inclosing the Ceimetery, and
to pllchase a house and lot to be do
nated to the corporation for the oc
cupancy of a Sexton, as custodian of
the Cemetery, and who should repair,
when needed, the fence, gates, &.c.,
we would hereby acknowledge the
liberality of many of the citizens,
ianid submnit to them this report of
subscriptions, collectious, and expen
ditures.
Total amount of subscription T17 75
Total amount collected 1.1 50
Amount uncollected 53 25
EXI'ENIITCRES
Purchase money, for Sexton's
house $151 00
Lumiber bill of Martin &
S. ,ith, after deducting
donation, 30 00
Bill of J. C. Sullivan, 15
days work, 30 00
Bill of Derzilin Hertzog, 18
days work, 18 00
30 post at 20 cts. each, 6 If)
Dlrayage, 75
Total $235 75
Total excess of expenditures above
subscriptions, ~l8 00. Total excess
of expenditures above collections
$71 25.
From the above, it is apparent that
to pay these accounts, every dollar of
the subseriptions will be needed, and
eighteen dollars more, and yet the ac
tually necessary repairs are not linish
ed, in order to mnake this Cemetery
respectable. In the name of the dead
and civilization, may we not still ap
peal to the public for the comnpletion
of this work t In the name of justice
and comnion honesty, may we not
appeal to those subscribers that have
not paid their subscriptions f The
property has been purchased, and
these repairs made on the credit of
these subscriptions, and every dollar
collected, has been so appropriated,
and more. The remaining subscrip
tions are now due, for work rendered,
and if not paid, must full upon our
self.
While we thus appeal to some of
the most directly interested members
of this community, we must com
mend the example of the few Jews,
that are citizens of this town, to
whom, without exception, we have
applied, and without exception, have
received a cash subscription, and are
yet, taxed with their own Cemetery;
were thile very people to whom I could
appeal, with tihe very least show of
justice. Would that many who are
more directly interelsted-whlose an
cestors and famuilies are hurried here,
and are yet so sadly neglected, were
even, in proportion to their means,
equally as liberal, or eren just. De
linquentscllt have a standing invitation
to settle.
Respectfully,
J. S. WHIIITE.
Our Washington Letter.
Washington, D. C., April 4, '76
MORTON'S CIHANCES
for the Republican nomination are
mnluch stronger than tlhey would seenm
to be at first glance. The darkies are
beginning to understand that Graint's
iimiiediate connection with all the
scoundrels whllose misdeeds are beiing
Ibrought to light by thle denloecratic
House is so palpable that tile Con
vention mnay not dare to nolminate
him, and Morton wjil be their next
choice. IHia adlhesion to Pinchback,
wlhen the best men and coolest hleads
in his party knew tlhat to admit
Pinchback to a seat in the Senate, to
I which ll he had no title, could not fail
to injure tile party, hlas made Morton
Stile new Moses of tile negloea. It is
evident that Mortoni cares for noth
ing but his own success, and that hIis
strength does not lie in his poIpularity
I witil tle leaders of hllis lparty, but
with the Republican negro voters.
Thie party managers favor Conkling,
because it is accepted as certain that
neither party can win, if it fails to
carry New York. The 35 electoral
votes of that State will, to a certainty3,
decide the contest ; and if Conkling
can coutrol the delegation for that
State, hlie will be in a Iposition to com
mand the nomination. If not, Mor
ton will be the strongest man.
FRAUDS! FRAUDS! FRAUDS!
Henry H. Finley, of St. Paul, Minn.,
who was employed by tihe Intelior
Department as an attorney to work
iup tile frauds in the Land Office, has
discovered evidence of tihe most
startling character implicating ex
Secretary Delano, ex-assistant Secre
tary Cowen, and two United States
Senators. Upon reporting these facts,
a few day ago, Finley was notified
tllat hIis services wese no longer re
quired, as the Government dlid not
think it necessary to continue the in
vestigation any further.
A witness before a committee of
thIe House, several days since, stated
that Tranor W. Parke paid John De
lano, son ol Secretary Detlano, *i2,
000 for thile patent for the Emmnna mine
tract, and that thle patent was issued
unoon fraudulent papers now on tile
in the Department. Jolln Delano
hias been slubpmnaed, and turther de
velopenments may be looked for.
SECRETAIRY ROBESON
is also implicated in tile most gigan
tie as well as tlhe most petty kinds of
frandL--from depositing $1,500,000 of
government funds with tile bankrupt
house of Jay Cook & Co., to bolster
up tlheir fallen fortunes, to having
artic es of furniture for his own use
made in the Navy Yard shops at
Government expense.
TIIE NATIONAL DEMOCRATIC EXECU
TIVE COMMI3TTEE,
whose headquarters are at 131 F st
Washingtonu, has completed its organ
ization for anpai n ork, and ill
llelder t lie Eli Ectio of lor. A.
anlliks, the residenit s'crtarl, tende
eflective a:il to local 'or ization ler
Iover the lliion.. M r. liizati, w all
Virginian by hirth, has beei an
dllstrions dElenEocrit for ore thana
qlurter of a c'lenturv. Silnce thie t
iiiantion of the War, lie ihas been c
stanltly on the wilg, elElea.orin. to
harmonize aind consolidalite into to, ;
great, piowerfil, nationa;l party, the
delmocra;ltic organizatiolns of tir eel
er:al States-and all tlhi.s at his o4
expense. There are v.I v few 'ireIn
inent democrats ill the U'ilion whl -
Mr. al:tks does not know personallr
Thie national cOlnllmittee could hardly
have selected a more useflul man ft
their secretary. I had nearly forg.
ten to, add tlhat Mr. lhlonks is ano .
comllplishled journalist of many yeli
experience.
P'OMEROY IItiuIVlVrs.
It is a fact Ilot geierally known per.
haps, that ell-Senator Pomeroy wl
did not g-o out of the Senate in a
blaze of Lhlory. a few years since, ha"
the hardihoodl to expect to sncceed
Senator Janeiis M. Ilarvey, of Kansat,
whose terlm expire:s March 3, 18 77,
The commilttee which investigated, e
rather lhitewased, Polleroy, in tile
matter of his attempt to bribe State
Senator York, virtually brought in
the Scotch verdict, "Not Proven".
although thile testimony adduced show'
ed, HEyollnd the shaIdow of a doubt,
that he was guilty of tihe charge pre.
ftirred against him. Strange as it
mnay seem11, this man tells his friends
(lIe has friends, because lie possee
es wealth), that he is positive of be.
in, returned to a seat in the Senate
of the United States. lie lives in
style in one of the most fashionable
Ilcalities of the city, and is especial
ly assidulous in his attentions to cit
izens of Kansas who are temporarily
in Washington.
A NARIROW ESCAPE FOR THE EX-SE3
ATOR.
A few weeks since, a young girl,
he:ting a baby in her arms, called'
11upon a lady of this city, whose name
is prolinently connected with an ef
fort to refot in abandoned women, and
asked for relief. The girl told the
old story. A year before, she had
come to Washington to secure em.
ployment. An accident threw her i:
the way of ex-Senator Pomeroy, who.
represented that lihe had great ingn.
ence in the Department, and could
' seeure her a position. He put her
oft, from time to tims, with variomn
excuses, but managed to keep lie
hopefil of ultimately securing a place
To make a long story short, he proved
her worst enemy : and the girlea.
became a mother. She told her story
to the lady above referred to, upum
whom shie had called for relief, and
was advised to go to tile wife of the
ex-Senator, and repeat her tale. She
f finally consented, and with her babe
in her arms, wended her way to the
princely residence ot the ex-Senator,
and timidly rang the bell. She told
, the servant who responded that she
~ desired to see the lady of the house.
"Here she is," was the reply; and
the servant pointed to a richly attired
e lady who, at that moment, emerged
l from the parlor.
"What do you want, girl '" imper
iously demanded the mistress of the
"I-I-I came to t-t-tell yon"-aud
h iere thie poor girl faltered, and he
- half decided to leave without explai~a
ing hier mlission.
"I-I-"
" 0, speak out, girl ." intsrruptel
, .irs. ex-SenaItor, "itf you have any
Sbulsiness with me, let me know it, at
oniice. Don't stllldl there, staimier
ing like and idiot."
Here, the last remaining partielef
tthe unfortunalte girl's courage demee
ed her, and, falteringly sayving, "I
I think I have made a mistake in the
'nmnhlber of the hIlouse,'" she delparted
with her habe.
6 It was, doubtless, exceedingly lk._
for the ex-Senator that his wife diU
e not get down to the "bottom facta"ia
thie case.
SC.D.
S If 3you walnt the latest btyle Hat,
go to J. A. DU(COURYAF'&
DIED,
On Monday April 10th, 11, at Crisis
Plantation, Natchitoches parish, La, af
ter a short illness, EMMA LEMEE, wife
of William S Campbell, aged 43 yeah.
Thus passed away a loving, kind adA
devoted wife, and fond and indulgeUt
mother She leaves behind a largefami
ly to mourn her loss, amd many, lay
friends, to deplore her untimely eld
Washington.
ISpecial T.legraphic Correopondeace 61 tr
Courier-Journali
Washington, March '27.-The judil
ment of the United States Suptae0
Com t in the cases from Kentucky ii
Louisiana, involving the enforceseI
acts, which has been so long deferna
has come at last. It creates a mnrkdI
sensation in Washington, and reall
marks an epoch in the history of th
court and American politics. Set
years ago the court did not dam t
grapple with and set aside the ret*
olutionary legislation of a Radical
Congress, for fear that it would itself
be swept away. Hence any amount:
of dishonorable and cowardly evassio
of a sworn duty. But the advent Of
a Democratic House of bepresental'
tires, and the improved tone of pib
lic sentiment, have put nerve into the
judges to do their duty.
The decision of to-day, if it doeS
not go the full length, certainly 90
very far in the right direction. The
following is a summary of the points
utiled, which I have received from the
very highest legal sources ;
The first case is that of Reese Wn
Forshee, fiow Kentucky, who were
indicted for refusing the vote of a *
gro because lie did not present prod
that lie had paid the tax as required
by the laws of Kentucky. The e'
ond was the celebrated Grant
case. In the first ease, the court ll
that the third and fourth sections d
the enforcement act of May 31, I185
under which the indictments We*s
found, were unconstitutional, beesno
general in their character and not
confined to the hindrance or preve"
tion of the parties' right to vote 0
account of race or color. There wa
no other statute to support the i-'
dictment. In this decision the chief
justice and all the judges concurrs,
except Mr. Roscoe Conkling's nom'
inee, Ward Hunt, of New York.
In the Grant parish case, the court
ruled that the indictment which wa
found under the sixth section of the