A real liv4 Demtocrcie itwpqptr. The too
of no ch0 or oin. Frg e n d out p)oke1
,and tie frie d 0 tile PEOPLE.
"oFiJ. . COSCROVE
5 Editor & P pitor.
-io 00 35 .
___5 onan Published Every SATI__DA Morning
5 0 .0-- Subscription Rattcs.
S0o ' THE WELFARE OF THE PEOPLE IS THIE SUPREME LAW. one cop-,a,.,r...............
00 0 80 00
'2. _am 1)5- .:.su - One copy-- silx ontlls.......... ......l O0
15 6* ' J n0 57 5o Suh riptiorn ta i fir 1'su ln ,ij
,01 5 ono ,110 Official Organ of the White Citizens of Red River, Sabine, Winn and Natchitoches Parishes. ,, s. Al".,. ,''.,, ,. 1,,l,,,,
_. . . .. . .. a c A l l a d v e r t i s e m e n t f o r l e.s t ui m t hLI.I S i2
onal º"".""" VO. V. NATCIITOCFI S, LA., OCOBE l 12, 1878.NO at nst i un
V.: ,. ,._O,
'tin ___________
S Cards.
Y AT LA If.
St. t Nttchitoches, La.
IL he Coourts ot Natchitoch'.,
S4 Icand rnd River and in the
SIprbem e State.
IEE. JaolJ,
( to .TACK & PIK.usO)
Attor4 d Counselor at Law
CUITOCHES, LA.
IILL ce lithe Conrts ofN atdlitches.
* Sabi eSota Red River, Wiun,Rapides,
a` rn &d in the Supreme Cont of the
Apri s promptly attended to.
 . DAECEL Cý SCAIRROIt"H.
SSCARBOROUGH,
4rYErYS AT L 1hl
. G INO oeiated thenma,IvVrtF praMce Ie
ao te Parish and Distriaete 17th Judi
elatrrtot, sand In the pariaheO Wino and
OtL, suorese Court of Louiasi US.S. I)i
attand C.irnlt courts of Lonula and U. S.
Ct of Claima at Washlngton.
Office in the Lacoste ilding
(Up Stairs.)
NATC HITOCHE A.
AugSet, lS78-1y.
j H. CUNNINGHAM. 1
Attytr & four tli at at r,
St. Denis Steet,
Natchitoches, : " " L-a.
WVILL give prompt atpersonal at
tention to all buslil entrnsted to
his oare
Practices in the Distri and Parish a
oearts in the Parishes o0Jatchitoches,
Red River, DeSoto and 8lo, and before
" the Supreme Court at M oe and Now
Orleans. lthn 5 7-1y.
.ro.- OL r B. nRO sRT8M",
(Late of New Ofans,)
ATTOUET & COUNS8l AT LAW
COUSHA'V'A,
BRD RIVER PARISH,,0 lSIAXA.
Will practice in Couestta, Natohito
she, Manfield, Many, an iu every part
lt North.west Louisiana Special atten
Mion given to Land casesad Successions.
June 9th, 1877-tf.
0. CHAr.Px. C. F. DRAN~Ii. T. P. CAltarIN
. IHAIPLIN. DANIIJT & CHAPLIN
Attorneyia Law,
>; NATCHITOCIES, LA.
"'7Ci,' 'ICE in'the itrict Courts of
h Natehitooehe, Sable, DeSoto and
River and in the &preme Court of
/ the 8tate. March 2-1l.
J L B. TUCKER,
'Attorney and Counmellor at Law,
OFFICI
.'. Des Street, - - Natchitoches, La.
practice in the Distrieotnd Par
Oevrts of Natehitoches, Sabine
and Red River, and the Supreme
f the State.
tC& his care will
e P t attention. Apr 13-ly
. Attornre at Lanr,
ATCHITOCHES, LA.
Ofle adjourning that of Mr. Jack.
18 4mo.
Mt. A.. JDunn,
ysician and Surgeon
IYIonsonmery, La.
Magistrate.
"a N. TUCfER,
Magistrate Ward 1.
Desb 8treet, : : Natchitoehe, I.
BOM PT attention given to ll business
eutrated to his are,
i"Claims collected at small cost.
61dvrloo*ý
'usin Cards.
-D L3R If
D, 4ROOERIES, HARD
SOO1afld SHOES, HATS,
Iq TO.
Ice psid for Cotton and
PIoduce.;
pTON, ST.,
N TCJ1TOCHES, LA.
D N. H. CAMPBIULL
1 COampbfll,
HýA RDWARE,
- Lu~LAAyu Street,
~ .; art N Ntchiilkla, La.
fo- totte sand
at merohsndir
1 3. K WAUI3IZT
P BLGYCO,
, :" 3' U, Line
0a.
311iseellaneous.
oil , . ,
Blid
t dil4
. lai
a tit
%, F 11
ýýt roill
SI t ot et d p ew et ,k
CHILLS, FEVERS, DYSPEr'SIA I' º
Female Disorders. Prenared by grtt
- The Home Sitters Co., St. Loulo, (nitc
Prescribed By Best Physiclans, 7L,.m
and Sold by Dealers Evorywhere.
BLAURIE & McCLATCHEY'S in n
IIOMcEOPATH1 llC'
DOMESTIC MEDICINE. it
Eihbtb Edition: 1044 pp.: 4,
Marge &o. half Morocco price t5. BoElcelt & TAFEL,
New ork, Phila. and New Orleans*. 1us
This il the most complete and comprehensive work onl
esrubiect in the Englislh lagge. end tap ora de le I
Sriptive price current of this and othcr books. Atidress
BOERIcKE & TAFEL., Hllomopathic 1'Lharnnacy, ii Cianal g
8treet, few Orleans. - I t
;0f $100, $200,$500, $100D0 i
QUU/ -I.IEX. FlIOTIIINGIHlM & CO.,
Trokers.No. 12 Wall Strt'ct, New York, make 51nt4
de-iral,!e investmenlts in stleks, which frequent- tied
ly pay from live to twenty times the amount In
Tested. Stcks tlouylght and; earri'ed as hlng as de- i t1
sired on dh.p. sit of three I er c'nt. Explanatory iihtl
circilars and weekly reports sent free.
DR. BUTTS
No.12 N. Elghth St. iirl'
St. Louis, Mo. this
Who has had greater experience in the treatment of the Ilili
sexual troubles of both male and female than lny physician lut
In the West, gives the results of his lone and succetful
practice to hi te sew wor, ljustpublished, entitled I i
The PHYSIOLOOY OF MARRIAGE ile
The PRIVATE MEDICALADVCSER bii
Books that are really lide sad lielt.lstretets In all mat I
ters pertaining to Iashood and It emanhd. and supply (i
want long felt. They are beautihliiy Illutrated, and tll plin h
laiguage, easily understood. The two books embrar4cel5 ,s
pageslnd contain valuable Informationa forboth marriedand
iihgle ithalltlherecent improvements in medicaltreatment
eadwhatour hotnepapr say :"The knowledge imparted the
a Dr. Coltt' new works is in no way of questionable char
acter but is something that every one should khow. The 1iui
Yvoli. the victini of early indierttion; the sIl. ottlerwise
perfectly healthy maybe.butwithwanin or in the rime Ile,
of life and the woman, in miser
rom the many ills her mse hel
to."-St. Louis Journal. i il
POPULAR PRICEc--D) et. esch
both in one volume, $1 tin cloth an fill
gilt, 26 eta.extra. Sent underseal, o
aselp of prior ln money or stamps. of
IRADt \ Barham's Infallible of
PILE CURE. ,~
Manufactured by the
SIrh0 m file ree C a.,sDerham, N.i* all
A li 1 hlsetolrt eie r llemorrholds
ro Plle.. shen a eam Ii pemible. i
Plee Lt sad bois Oda blttt Pr
frallshed am appliaiu
tali
Madison Dispensary, loi
201 S. Clark St., Chtica o, Ill. Il
ilt. IItLtOW, having 0 year experience.
treats SlXUAL AD IROllICol llil In ,f
both sexes SaFCLL, ScaIL. PatYATaLY.
HLETOLS L8ull it, from sexual abuse or f0
excesses, producoing IZIVO'TE.tl'', PIrLES
5 THEK AC., ke., rendering MARRIACIR ll
IMPRIsPER, can be positively and perma
ntlyered.Willwnrrmutevery ease. Pamlh
tpae, s, MllclAR 14ARI1 .I1 I'IDIS lilt SfEX 'It
PATIIOIAIIY, 2Jo large pares. 11.1.1T5TI."iD, contaninlgl
much that ws never itlre publishei. Price 1o0ct. Letters i
CONFIDIENTIA.L Flans. ill.l. tiP , iExTa RIioios, $10.
send Sos fbr sample Rubber Ooods. &c. by Rxpressl b
PRESCRIPTION FREE! t1i
Mnhod anlltiii disordlt ti,wblught oni by iltils
cretion or excess. Anly P'ru.giSt hlits the ingrer- a
dlenta. Address, i)r. W J aQII %t CO..
lae Went 'l;bh ltreet, CIncinnati, O. at
at
$2.W0.h $s to*7. evoIveul == ~..
a $2.t0. 0ver 10) latetstNoveli kt
. lA was to . o.SoppyC,,LNashllvlle.Te5u. 1 rat
- - S- -
S.yst-ry lved. ii
* tV ii
Sed. The vtoiiacb,
Li*er, d Bowels ii
Pi wtOS' I E IL I
A iaystery Solver. .
The (; restlt iof loi-contriped Sp ien
tiModern Tivstiation, and aThe WMrrsted to
cure hannel dise ase oriiscorered, inthe
Stomach, Liver, and Bowels ogrip
tg pains follo he enlr of tse cill,
Theupon Great Anti-BilliCmmon Familedy ahsic
PARSON'S
PURGATIVE PILLS
titld inestigatolned before the Warranted to-day.
Scure all diseases aoriginating to din the
Spaions, P' Purgative Pills effese Pitullys,
seurife the Bloodels and greatled; but Re
orief, Immediatel, Roselief, may be reliedt.
upAnthon. As Fire, ECpmmon Family Physicv
Stand unequaled before the world to-day.
ter, Byinrlg the dore, according to dlrer,
tions, Parsons' Purgative Pills effectuallye
Purify the Blood and BltC.greatly alleviate,
if nost omplentirely cure Dytisfctiepsn, Scrofulanteed
or King's Evil, Rose. Erysipelas or St.
FullAnthony's Fire, Erctioptios around each bor.ptive
p, siRin swoppi ores, Boyil, Tumors,
Mforbid 0pwellings, Unerations, Pcamples
vand ee. We ill n tes ills t
Most Completemission. Atisfactient Guaranteveryd
tor No aY CO;
Phyhicmansestppliedby mail, poat-.paid,.
S BAoOS O MAIlNE ?roprlit. ,
June 23-iy
LAY SERMION. Chlnt
No 2. and
her,
-t I-thhi
"Anm lehold, the Lord passed by, etnin
and a great and strong wind rent the slow
mountains and broke the rock in fslow
pieces, hut the Lord wats not in the whiil
wind, and after the wind, an earth- siml
quake, but the Lord was not in the inneu
earthqutake, and11 after the earthlquake ofl C
a tire, but the Lord was not ill the hod
tilre, and after the fire, a still, small the
vo,ire, and awhen Elijah heard it, he
wrapped his head in his mantle andi no re
we t }out." knift
Elijah had fled into the wilderness at th
froln the presence of the wicked Je- aIp
zilttel, who had sworn that his life het
should answer for those of the Proph- estal
ets of Baal, whomn he had caused to W
be slain. The children of Israel for- our 1
;g ttiogtheo Jung series of wonderful the
Iniiacles, which had brought thli tlnt
i from the bondage of Egypt, how, faith
with the hand of a Father and a migi
King, he had led themn in all their levi
waiiletiings. had forsaken the cove
Int ts of the Lord, thrown down his God
ialtars, and slain his Prophets by the nest
sworud. Elijah lnha "been very zeal- told
ous for the olod his God," but, though worl
lie had signalized his power by send- frs
iii down tire from lHeaven to consume beat
the saclifice laid upon his altars, had dere
delivered the Priests of the God Nis- noere
Loch, tinto the hands of the Israelites, mail
now awakened to their sin, he had God
thed in fear, before the wicked Queen, will
and journeyin.g into the wildernesses
had so,ught a cave in which to hide soul
himself, saying, "it is enough, Oh soul
Lord, take away niy life, for I am not Han
better than my fathers." lie had T
probably expected, some still greater 111
display of power, some still more re- are
mat kable manifestation in his favor, cie
but when to rebuke his want of faith, rtie
his forgetfulness that he, and his peo- the
pIe were under the leadership of one nuot
a ho never had, never could fail them, shlal
Godl appeared to him, not in the
whirlwind, not in the earthquake, not Ider
in the tire, but in "a still small voice," jer
the Prophet overwhelned with self I1a:1
humiliation and awe, covered his will
hle.d with his mantle and waited. hall
"\Vhat dost thou here Elijah ? return ind
I on thy way, not flteringly, not fear- whi
fully, but as the accredited messenger the
of one mightier than any earthly po
tentate and anoint IIayael to be King er,
of Israel-sustained by an inward Waý
spiritual power the Prophet went to ing
ng
do his bidding. stol
Hunman nature is the same among
all races of men, and in all ages, and isel
the lesson which was taught the oth
Prophet of old, we have need to learn, woli
- as all future ages will do also. The wel
love of the wonderful, the seemingly 1ne
miraculous, the seeking as men did ani
of old, for "a sign" is still prevalent, Wit
forgetting that all our lives gathered Fel
in, as they are, between the two eter- wd
nities of thi past and future-full of
inhellrent energies and powers, wvitlh i
which we can not grapple, darkly lie
bound by mysterious influences which boi
we fail to grasp or define, are long 't
and wondeilful miracles, which the ir
Supreme Being whose creation we
ate, can a:one comprehend. "We eal
are but children crying in the dark," P"'
and tlhere is but one thing we can
know well, and that is, our own igno. sh
rance, that slho.uld teach us that fear
- of God, , which we are told "is the Id
beginning of wisdom." Had Elijah di
been asked where lie was to look for
the mst High, lie would have said in
the whirlwind, inl thie eartlhqake, or
thie fire, e, 3t when the still small l
voice reached his ear, lie folded his t
mantle about him and waited with
awe. So should we do lhen we re
lect upon our daily lives, we regard let
thie grand displa3s of God's power, o
which He souietiunes imakes when as
now, hie lays his hand heavily upon
us, and pestilence walks over the P
land, anid death waits for his terrible
Sharvest with awakened fear and awe, tli
but we do not listen to the "still
small voice" which tells us of daily il
blessitngs and benefits colferred, thiit
If we are sustained by His power, fed at
Iy IHi bounty-of all the loves and
ftiendships whlich sweetenl our lives. t
Volcanoes send tlheir flames to the
stars, earthquakes rend the bosom bof at
the eartll, the ocean lifts its stormy
waves upon high, and men bend with
fear and trembling-but the flowers, .a
like spirits of beauty, bud and bloom, i
colored by the hand of the Divine 1
Chemist, the sweet grasses creep lov
ingly to our homes, covering tihe paths
betneCath our feet, and the graves of W
our beloved with smiles-thie dews of a
I evening refresh us, the glory of the t
Inorniag delights us, yet how few, a
like grass and flower, lift up their
hearts in cheerful thanks for so much
love.
"There's beauty all around our daily ri
n- paths,
to If but our watchful eyes,
he Woult see it through familiar things, n
Ap- d in its lowly guise." tl
Ie, All the great operations of nature 1
Ie- are silent, and slow; governed by a o
ied grand simplicity which finds in man
no parallel. The great system of
worlds, of which our own forms so
Sinsignificant a part, all the numerous
Ly. stems, which, with ours, revolve
c around the great central snn of the
SUniverse, are regulated and held to
ate, gether by three great laws. We
nlti weigh and measure, and assign them
S t. their places by these laws. The pri -
tivo nal elements which compose all mat
ret- ter, resolve themselves into few dis
ors, tinctive forms, and it seems that the
plee nearer we approach to perfection in
science, in art, or into morals, the less
complex we become. Our twofold
D natuore. of earth and spirit, are pro
bably governed by laws as fixed as
teed those which govern the universe, and
spiritual, and moral perfection, must
box. resolve itself into supreme love to
paid, God and men. In the material world,
h i there are great tidal waves which
5 t sweep onceln a while over the earth,
ell so as the centuries are marked on the
very- Dial plate of time, there may be tidal
waves of thought, which awaken the
Scommon soul -of humanity from the
Sslumber of ages. So it might have
been at the Reformation when the
Chil chl legran to shak oilf thle in ists tl
aiid (clonds which hiadl gathered aholt . of l
her, so it may hle how, when every- I cept
tlhing seems to pl)int to a new awak- \Vei
ening. lnt these great revivals are agai
slow and noiseless--these grand ef. ceiv
fects do not come ushered in by the what
whilwind or the fire, but the "still htis
small voice" whihel speaks to man's Chri
inner nature. Science, the hand maid less,
of religion, has made of one brother- thei
hood, as they are of one blood, all mto
the nations of the earlth--hlinanity
revolts at the cluellies of war, meen
lno hnger answer to the fire and the
knife for their opinions, and looking
at tile signs of the times, we may nod
hope, as well as pray for the time Ar'
when the kingdom ot pence will be TI
established on earth as in Heaven.
We turn to the Bihle, as the r'le of
our faitlh, the teachings ofJutristcn [Co
the basis of our religion. We feel
that it is a matter of reason as well as Ii
faith. Ctome, says the high and noti
mighty one, "let us reason together." whi
lRevival in the common acceptation of s50n
the word, are liractlous displays of time
God's spirit, given in answer ti, ear- and
iest and continued prayer. We are yon
told that without such seasons, th" 1
world would have been Godless and CirC
forsaken, the Church shron of her wlit
beantiful garments, would have wano
dered off into the it ists of error -- ''
"not a temple in thleland" woild re Pet
main open foir his worship. Would tnot
God then have left hiimself without a the
witness.? Even in the time of great Ceip
desolation, which vexed the righteous tlitt
soul of Elijiah, ''there were yet 71.00 t t
souls who had not bowed the knee to Tw
Haal." lint
There are doubless periods in every of t
man's life, when the truths of religion pie
are brought more forcibly to the con- na.
science--the fitness, and beauty, and %1
reasonableness of a Christian- life, reg
the instinctive feeling that "God is out
tnot mlocked," that "as a man sows, so ti
,shall he tleap," mre deeply impressed tle
uI pon his mind. Then, there are ten- era
der and loving natures when the sur- lug
passing goodness of the Di)vine per en
son lead s to repentance. From this, it
will and must grow a purer life, in for
hiharnlnvy with Him, and with itself, f
and this entire change of purpose, got
whether it Le long or short, must be lCe
the regeneration, the birth into a new
er, higher life, but its effects, are al- ext
ways seen a consecration of all the Ca
powers, of being, to a practical, work- lef
ing out of the law of love, not by Co
stormy and convulsive emotion. Men pa
are apt to set up a standard for them
selves in religious matters, as in all l
others, forgetting that tie inspired TI
word has clearly defined what it sha
means to be a christian. With such, l
unless one can point to a precise timela
when according to the accepted phra he
Seology, religion was "got," as if it "1
were some fleeting cloud to be brought '
i(down by tempestuous prayers-any sic
one can shout in triumph, at a fan- thl
cied escape from everlasting wrath, tic
Ihe is yet in the "gall of bitterness and hI
bonde of iniquity," forgettitn that ha
4 "the wisdom which is from above, is hii
e first pute, then peacable, easy to be of
e entered, full of mercy and good go
,, points." There is need, there nmust co
bn ba change of purpose and of life'; al
we must learn to hate the sin which ".
r shuts us out from all communion with vi
purity and goodness, Ihat who shall at
date to say, that because this '
divine work has gone on silently and
r slowly, like a gentle dew, bringing etc
Sout the gutad seed fram the darkened tl
II earth, who shall dIare to say, because
it shrinks fi'om all noisy demonstua- at
I tion, because it never tinds exlressi,,n n
in tempestuous pra3ers, anid tuttbu
Slent emnutions, that it is not the waolki
of the Divinie splirit I st
' "By thlei fruiltsye lshall know them." CH
SThere is great danger that these niisy
e professors sAliould exhaust the strength sI
e of thleir feelings in loud lpr'ayers, and i
e long "anens," leaving to, little for '
the practical.exhlibitionis of life. The e
turbid munntain ttlurlent pour furiains
Sly alng, blotting out old landmarks, "
d and spreading devastation in its path, c
but the deep river rolls itajestically 8l
. on, enrichling the land through which I
it flows with its fructifyiing power, tI
and sending back the light of Heaven
in every shining ripple. So it often
is with the suddenly converted. They
Sare the good seed upon stony grountd.
r, One thing is certaint, that life which
is not in itself a daily and practical
Sexemlplification of the teachings of
Christ, tile "new co ndent"
of which Hie gave, is not a chiistian life, a
oand that life which is all this, no mat- c
le tel by what name or sect it is desig- f
nated, no matter whether it can point
ir to any precise time when change of '
Spurpose took place or not, is a chris
tian lite. *
We have been much struck by tlhe
ly recent letter of the good Vicar Gene- r
ral, of New Orleans. Some narrow
g, minded bigot, had been troubled by
the fact, that there was a "want of
re unity, of faith" among the members I
Sof the Howard Association, and he I
an says, among many other admirable
of things, this "Cornelius was a Pagan,
having, as well as all the members
of his house the fear of God, and dis
Is tributing abundant alms to the poor.
the An angel honored this Pagan with a
Svisit," and said to him Cornelius, thy
e prayer is heard, and thine alms are
e come up as a memorial before God."
iThe good Bishop says, "let as then
Sencourage these gentlemen of the
l Howard Association. But St. Peter
e makes a still stronger commentary
in upon the subject, for be says, "I per
0 cee therefs h re , that of a trnth, God
Told ie no. respecter of persons, tbut that
inro- o every nation he who feareth Him
I as and worketh righteousness, is accept
and ed of him." Cornelius was as we
in are told, a Pagan. He knew nothing
Bt of Christ, for he had never probably
rid, heard of him, but through the misty
fih veil of mythology he had had faint
th glimpses of the true God, and be was
the accepted of bim. A Catholic would
i have said lie does not believe this, or
is h that, he can not be saved-a Metho
the diet would have sheut him out of
ihe eaven for some other ocra, a Bu p
ch tiest woud not have givoen n ha
the chance, because he had not been bap
tihedl, ntId sot, aumottig all the followers spr
of Gsod, he I nfml he had himself ac- onl
repted, would not have found a place. me
Verily, in thles times, hie comes scai
iag:in to "his own, and his o,n re. till,
ceive him not." God knows best hln
what to do with the souls which he if li
has made, and if men would study or
Christ more, and creeds and dogmas tha
less, would preach himi molre, and hot
themselves less, they would know -we
1mote of His will. cat
_ ed
A Terrible Story.
a1l
HOW TWO CONFEDERATE WERE BURIED hot
ALIVE, AND THE HAIR OF ONE OF TIEM siti
TURND FROM JET BLACK TO WHITE psi
IN A SINOLE DAY. I
k n
[Correspondence J:acksonville (Ala.) Re- tle
publican.]on
In your issue of the 17th inst., I ant
notice an article, the first sentence of baI
which asks the question, "Can a per- Al
son's hair turn white within. a short tht
time ?" Having seen such an instance, lie
and one that can be authenticated be- c11
yond all cavil by persons now living, co,
I will give you and your reader the wli
circumstances as they occurred, when, tol
where, and whom they are. ali
When Grant sprang the "min-,"or w
"blow-up," as many call it, in front of gr
Petersburg, Va., at twilight on the vi(
morning of the 30th of July, 1864, elc
the point immediately over it was oc- va
cnpied by a Virginia battery. The v
ditches on the right Immediately next em
to the battery were occupied by the ,W
Twenty-second South Carolina vol- all
unteers, Col. Fleming. On the left lot
of the battery the ditches were occu- no
pied by the Eighteenth South Caroli- no
na. Col. W. H. Wallace (now Judge e,
Wallace of South Carolina), of which
regiment I was suigeon. All along th
our lines our soldiers had dug out ali
small bomb-proofs, as they called tat
them. These bomb-proof were gen- un,
erally about four feet broad, three Hi
high, and seven feet long-large th
enough for two or three men to crawl an
into and sleep with compaiative comn- t
fort and safety, which they did when wi
off duty, during that never-to-be for- he
gotten siege, by every man who par- nc
ticipated therein. er
in one of the bomb-proofs on the di
extreme right of the Eighteenth South to
Carolina Volunteers, and just to the te
left of the mine, Lieut. Willard Hill, HE
Company E, and Sergt. Greer, Com- at
pany A. Eighteen South Ctarolina vol- ar
unteers, having been relieved from er
d duty an hour before, were sleeping. hr
The first they realized' of it was the
shock, then a deep datkneess, and R,
then a consciousness that the mine
had been sprung and that they had
been buried, how deep they could not
t imagine. Their fir'st impnlee was a
t deep, indescribable despair-heart
r sickening, heal trending hopelessness,
that left them almost po'werless for a lt
time. But what could they do, They b,
I had nothing to dig out with butt a sl
t hayonet that Sergt. Greer had in t1
his belt, and there was but a canteen t
of water in the cell. But what was p
d going on above them t Grant had a
t cotnsummated that most diabolical of b
. all the deeds .f a terrible war. I was f
within 180 yards of it on my morning tl
visit to my regiment, and it was just it
II at that time of day-twilight- that i
even trees can look like ghosts, and i
i that added to the weird scene of
Sldeath. Simullatneons with the deep, li
dead stinnd, att qniver of the eaIthIl
Iherle arose in ilte air a cloud of dust
Sand smoke, and timbters, mien and a
Smuskets, anid all maniner of shapes
Sand fragmenets were flying in evel ry
k direction--aind then for a moment' a,
stilltnes--and it seemeld as if every a
Scannon on tile whole federal line was a
turned loose ulpon our lines. Shlellsa
shrieked through tihe air, tlisket
ad hlls and fragmetts of shell fell in
Severy direction, plonghitg up the X
earth and lcutting off liUmbs from tile
few trees that nthe relentless hiand of
war had spared. Then clime the
i clharge. Negro troops in front, with
Ssplenltdidl3' conplarisoned troops of
l the federal aruy behind, driving
them, as it wete, to the front like
tosheep to tile slaughter, withl tile battle
cry of "emember Fort Pillow," and
SIth few, the very few, that survived
no doubt remember the crater of
I Grant full as well.
al High above all the confusion and
s Amoke and dust and gtloans of the
,tt wounded, could be heardithlietattle-ry
of, f the federal, and thle wrdsolfen
t couragement of gallant officers- the
few that are left of the Eighteenth
t and Twenty-second South Carolina
of volunteers, and of those brave Virgi
i- nians whose battery was buried in a
common grave with nearly every
'le soldier who manned it. But tile
. confederate liones were broken in
e twain. Federals and negroes had
made breastworks of the bowlders
of that were blown up by the explosion.
ra But they were not to stay there. Soon
he caume Gen. Mahlone with reinforce
ble meats, and after one of the most gal
Slant fights of all the war, he carried
,r the works, and the crater turned to a
is- grave for its captors. I had heard of
r. pools of blood-it was there that I
Sasaw them. Then silence reigned,
Isy that painful silence which always fol
re lows on the battle-field after eathd
. has held high carnival,.
e Then came the sad duty of count
the ing up the cost. My brigade hIad suf
ter fered severely-the Twenty-second
South Carolioa had lost its gallantt
SCol. Fleming and many a brave edl
odier. My regiment had lost 163 men.
hat Two whole companies A and C,
im Eighteen ~outh Corolinat, had not a
pt- man left, who was on duty, to tell the
we tale. One hundred and one of my
ing menO, including Capt's. McComirth andu
bly Birdgis, were dead--buried in tite
ay craterr or scattered along the worLk,
it and sixty-two missing.
was Among the missing are Lient. Hill
u and Sergt. Green. We left them in
Stheir almost living grave; Green dig
ho ing with his bayouet,,while Hill passe
t of d back the dirt, with all the depera
. tion of despair. They hear not, heed·
Snot, the battle that is raging above
p them, bat toil on. Often hope would
spring up in their hear'ts to give way
onlll to despair. Ilill has often told
ame how, when he awoke to a con- I'F
seiousness of his condition, the !cani
thlughlts that flhashed thl'rough his
brain like lightning ; how lie thought V
if he could only see one ray of light, mat
or-bre.ithe the fresll air once again ; kis
that if he conlh only let his wife know
how and where he died, that death C
would be a relief to hiin. Almost sufo- tair
cated for want of fresh air, they work- nex
ed on ; at Ilst, it seemed to them that V
something had crushed them ; they try
had dlg through the loose bowlders, hen
and the light burst upon them. They
hth, oveicme with the sudden tran- II
sition froml their suffocation and des- Fai
pair to light and hope, fainted. $8.4
How long they remained there they yea
know not. When they awoke from A
their swoon the first sound that broke sell
on their ears was the clash of arms hal
and the quick rolling roar of the Bit
hattle as it raged around and above.
Almost in stupor, trying to realize I
that they could again see the light of sin
heaven and hear the voice of a living lv
creature, they lay still until they re- sIn
covered their minds enough to know
what was going on. Hill has often
told me that when he knew and re
alized that it wAs a battle, the sound cli
was the sweetest music that ever ny
greeted his ears. At last the cry of
victory rose high above everything twi
else. They knew that somebody was S
vanquished and that somebody was tie
victor, who they know not. They Sa
emerged from their awful retreat
weak, worn in body, and with minds
almost crazed. They knew not how Ne
long they had been there; they did tiv
not even know their old comrades, by
nor could they realize that it was the for
saune day that they were buried.
They weie brought back to me, at
the field hospital, more dead than be
alive, for strange as it may seem, "I
they %ere the most sadly changed "I
men that I ever beheld. Both were do
fine-looking soldiers before; now
the. were weak, with sunken cheeks
and eyes. Lieut. lill, whose hair
twenty-four hours before was black, P
without a single gray hair in it (as
lie was only thirty years old), was
now almost as white as snow. Wheth
er it turned from horror at his con- gil
dition, or the deathly heat of his sub. sa
terranean bed, or both, I do not pre
tend to say. I simply give the facts, li
not as I heard, but as I saw them,
and he still lives to verify that this is
no romance, but one of my experi- "I
ences in a war whose first gun I WI
heard fired and the last gun of which P?
9 sounded the requiem of the lost cause hi
when I was at may post on duty. h
HUGH TOLAND, M. D.
t m
t-h_
Work of the Plague. is
Some idea may be formed of the li
hI orrors of the situation in the South
F by a glance at the table found below,
z showing the extent of the mortality bu
thus far and the area over which the tli
n terrible epidemic has spread its black se
spall. The estimates are of course 1*1
1 approximate, as accurary is impossi- m
If ble, except in a few instances. The
S6figures, however, are rather below
g than above the facts. The total of 6'
, over seven thousand eight hundred tt
t is truly appalling, and when we bear ti
l in uind the sickness of the thousands al
f who are not represented in the death- tr
, list, the cost of their idleness, the g;
I prostrati of commerce, the ruin of
t crops, the wreck of foltunes, large q
d and small, thie utter desolation spread I
s wide over some of the fairest and .
S richest portions of the nation, we e
a miay well extend all the sympathy
S and substantial aid we can spare to
1,our stricken brethren. The number
I of dead in the several cities and towns a
to dae is about as follows: 9
New Orleans 2.810 Tangipahoa, La. 13
Memphis 2.7.l Osyka, Misse p
Vi jcksburg 700 Springville, Ky. 3
Girenada 279 Terry, Miss., 5
Port Gibson I8 Eie, Teun., 2 5
I Holly Springs 133 Chattanooga, 24 n
ti Greepville 300 Near Pattersonville
if Canton 100 La. 13
Plaquemino, La. 65 Decator, Ala. 5
g Bruwnrills. Tenua, 8 Saunmit, Miss., 2 s
, OceanSprings, Miss31 Tuscaloosa, Ala. 2
hckman. K. K S. Helena, Ark., I
e Baton Rouge, 59 PittsburR I
id St. Louis* 2S Surfreesboro i
d Louisville* '3 Jackson, Miss.. I
Port Eads ii Mobile, Ala., 3 I
if Lake, Miss. 45 Blue Ridge Springs I
Gallipolis and vicin- Colliervilie, Tenn., I
ity. 20 Goodrich Landing I
d Senatohla, Mise. 7 Beechland, Miss., 2
(le Cincinnati 14 Bolton, Miss., I
Delhi. La 6 Chicago, I I
iy rlorgan City, La., 32 Cowling Green* 2
I- Pilot Town. La.. 4 Mason, Tenn.,
(h GrandJunction, Ten 34 Cairo, 4
Labadieville 30 Danvlle, Ky., 1
th Bilexi, Mine. 4 Water Valley Miss *S
na Germantown, Tenn. 2 1'ass Christian, Miss., 4
i Washington, )D.C. 5 Bay St. Louis. Miss., 20
Nashville 3 Paneagmls, Mis., I
la Milan,Tenn. 2 HopeBeld, Ark., 3
r Paris, Tenn. 1i Louisiana, scattering S3
Southwest Pass Io Martin, Tenn., 4
le Mississippi City 2
in Thibodeaux, La- 13 Total 7,826
ad *A imported eases.
on At the last conference of the M. E.
SChurch South, held at Opelousas, it
iedwas decided to hold the nezt onnual
a conference at New Orleans in Decem'
of betr. Sinoe the terible- oourge has
It I visited that oity, it has oqenrre4 to
ed, many members of the body that the
vol* people of New Orleans will be in no
thd condition to entertain the conference.
Although there would be little if any
nt- danger. The church at this place is
uf perfectly willing to receive that body
od and during the past week the matter
att has been discussed and met with
al- general approval, that the conference
en. be invited to meet in Shreveport.
C, We feel assured that our eitIens will
ta cheerfully open their doors to the
the membems.--Shreveport Times.
A party of Bostoo ladles who were
ts, spending the sumlumer in a little town
iiot far fiom the White Mountains at
tended a fair which was held by the
nil ladies of one of the churches. Wibsh
hg- ing to appeal properly interested, one
_ ,f the visitorseaked the manger what
athe proceeds were to be devoted to.
era "Well," wal the hesitating reply, "we.
d ain't just certain .whethr we'll .b~
an ice cream freezer or a hoearse."
ODD NOTES.
France doesn't need any Rhine, be
cause she has her Rhone.
Valentine Biker Pasha now cmn
mantds eighty battalions in the Tur
kish army.
Cardinal Antonelli's library, con
taining 20,000 volumes, will be sold
next winter.
When a man goes out of the poul
try business, he tears the tattered
hen-sign down.-[Boston Post.
It is reported that the recent State
Fair at Ceder Rapids came out about
$8.00O behind the receipts of last
year.
Among the relics that Bob Inger
soll brought home from So,tland ' was
half a bottle of hair oil that Bobby
Burns left behind.
Robeson is passionately fond of
singing hymns. His favorite is: "I
love to steal awhile, away from every
slumbering cara."
It is all the way up hill to success,
but it wouldn't be so plagney hard
climbing up if there were not so ma
ny coming down all the time.
Webb Hayes' Fremont girl lives
two miles out of town, and many a
Sunoday night has Webb footed it out
there to see the little duck.-[Cin.
Saturday Night.
A wily lager beer saloonkeeper in
New York has the following seduc
tive sign at his door: "In the sweet
by-and-by you can not get a schooner
for five cents."
"Dere was only a leedle ditference
between us," said a burly 'lTetuon
who had just horse-wl ipped another.
"I vasexhided ind he vas cowhided-
dot's all."-[Puck.
A magnolia tree a den of
Mrs. Morey, of Gule. .e 70
perfect blossoms in July, ann it is
now bearing a second crop as perfect
as the first. [Boston Post.
Vassar College has two Japanese
girls, and the Philadelphia Chronicle
says it is an affecting sight to see the
American girls teaching thenm how to
, slide down the balustrade.
How was it done ?-Victor Hugo
wrote to a "'frate nal banquet" of
workingmen that he could ort be
present, but sent them "a shake of
.his hand from the bottomn of his
heart."
When a particularly chubby Esqui
maus baby climes the golden stair,
the afflicted parents dry him up for
lamp oil. Thus, even near the dreary
pole, are human misfortunes made
r light of.
sitting Bull did not resolve to come
f back to this country until he read of
r the Worcester Convention. Then he
t sent for a telegraph boy, exclainming,
e "Massachnsetts is good enough for
me. Whoop !"
She: "D-. you suppose that I have
f five or six hands, that I can do every
I thing at once, say f" lie: "I le;ihze
r that you have not, my dear, and I re
s alize tlhat you have live or six
- tongues." Tablean- p) rotechnics,
e gymnasties and hysterics.
f We have been often told that there
e was a future in store for us, but we
d have never found the store where it
d was kept. It must be one of drose
Sestablishments that do not advertise.
y -[Keokuk Constitution.
r Senator Jones, of Nevada, was
s worth $5,000,000 when he went to
Washington, but flee expendliture and
a "shrinkage" had almost made hinm aI
a poor man, when the "Sierra Nevada"
silver miiining stock bounced uL froml
5 to 200. He is again said to
Smillionaire.
S"Captain, please give me a light,"
Ssaid a private in camp. "(prttally,
my good man; but if we were Ithe
reglar army such a lijrsyt'ald
not be allowable." "ii that so t"
Ssaid the private; "but it we were in
thle regular army, yeo wouldn't be
captain, perhaps."
SThree Newport benedicts agreed
that the one becoming a fatlher in the
shortest time froridate of marriage
4 should receive a aii from tile other
I two. The result5 Is the worst tie On
record-every m of phIte wives giving
2 birth to a ben n months and live
Sdays from dat0of wedding.
SA clergymav in speaking of onen
- his parishioners who was so giP
' argument that t1 Was ditlBouli con
verse with him On any Jgbject, said,
"Brother ----- i. s aruaueutative
that he will dispute with a guide-post
E. about'the distance to the next town,
itand argue with a tombstone as to tihe
truth of its eptlaph."
, The following comes from Kansas:
asTwo prmsons, teithijr of whom bears
to any striking resemblance to any great
he jrist .eseopt for corpoleocy, were
no oomfortably seated, talking over m it.
ce. ter and £hings, when one said: "I
D y once sat on the Judge's bench in T'ex
is as." "That so t" asked his friend.
dy "Where wu the Judge "
ih It is feared that if the Onrio grove
c yards keep on openibg up in tile sanme
t. lively manner that marks their yawn.
ill tug it present, tbhat in the time of the
the genleral resorrection an Ohio man will
be s great a rarity as he. is now not
a rarity. Oh, no; there is enough of
him to go round at present. Emmghl
are even to go around the medical colleges
at- Young America has boon always
the noted for its inquiriug mi 'd. One of
ish-lthe many bodding Presidents now
one residept in Chicago was I 1m other
hat dayi by his "school man : Story
to. f Will Toll's famouo,
we tre only comment the _ :.
b uy on the story of the patriti -
was, "Who a te f