TOWN AND COUNTRY. TEI
Our farmers are hot n happy as efoi
fije indications at thb early woirk of S
the crop led them to believe they
would be. Corb is made and the in- The
creasrd acre4ge only gives them the
abundvtre hecesaPry to suacessful
frmltbg operations. Tlhere ill be Kelo
plenty of corn but none to spare.
'Cotton is not thriving as it should ;
the drought has beadsed it to shed Tin
alarmingly and the appearance of the platfo
eaterpillar hin salarmed many. Taking at the
the situatmon all in all, our agricultural of wh
condition codld be *~rise, bt it might chain
be mauch better.
We,
Our town was visited on Monday cratk
last with a fine, refreshilig rain which Ilerbl
interfered with the speeches to a eon- litical
siderable extent. Since that day we ieat
have had several good showers that every
have rendered the atmosphere ~tol ans
and pleasant. refort
Judge Manning, of liapides, Iton. J. We
B. Elam, of DeSoto, and Capt. James isialI
Pierson of Red River delivered able tious
stitnl
and telling speeches at our mass powe
!neeting on Monday last for which to thi
'our entire community return gleatful of tit
'lbanks. We hope to have them again citing
ibth aus during the canvass. sacril
James Collier and a soldier belong f,'r
rno to te C6mpany stationed at this
puint, had a difliculty on Saturday Wi
biabt last, in wlich the soldier was "
shot and mortally wounded by Mr. der'
CoHier. From what we can learn the have
afair was a sad one, but that Collier bitra
isgreatly justified. bMr. Collier has bayo
surrendered himself to the officers of such
the law and will stand his poeliminary forv
examination. be h
We, in common with onu citizens,
regret exceedingly the ocecurrence of ir
this difficulty, but such will take ever
place in any community and must pec
noet be looked upon as an upheaval in inti
ociety. onrl
to ca
The Bart Able, Capt. George Ham- of tl
Ilton commanding, came to our land
iag on Tuesday morning early. She W
made the trip through Cane river ofm'
without difficulty. Thanks to her Stat
4oiers for files of late papers. sett!
gent
Our many friends from the country e1`
bie all assured now from whom teed
irings this cry of "town ring." The his
I Bhdicals have been enating out their
.i.nahitions, and we are proud to say is
i~ey have fallen In "barren places." sue
* knaow the name of the originator min
't.1ory and hei being a Natchitto- tio
dical, is more than enough to to t
taLstsfy 7a of the fact, that these sto lie
ties are lies manufactured from whole fair
t:otb. due
: What Radical thieves now want,
ti8 that which, is their oply Ihope, is thy
lari of honiest white and colored f
* that are marching, with mess
tread and with exultant sihoits 1
vktory. All these stories of "Jundg
SC~editors" and "Town Rings," pe
bt weak attempts to do this, and. ad
Teel assured, that it is nlabor lost
Vpart of these thieves to at-li
this anamby pamby cry ofdivis- cat
reqgieesed to state that there
a Mass meeting of the citi
fiard 1S on WEDNESDAY the
,or frthe purpose of arriving at at
hdmrstanding of the mode and t
of selecting delegates to the br
Nom! sting Convention. co
's meeting looks like
SThe Demoecracy was
iat force, and our colored
to ir an expression made
ur Radical politician, i
Sthorough going Demo- s
1in' such large numbers
iae the )adicals' 'look wi
haumi and other, the
ant of luntns btigade
were knoting ,
ifttoaees of hbe Dem- 'ai
tots on Monday last, 0
iE gcrlblhlb themi, we
Ibeenmifalltlg vapidly
and *e do not be
h aiumdmemt to the
Wit that he most
THI BSITOX IIOUG PL1 iTFR1l,
Reform, i :'air Election, Public was c
Schools, RailroaLds, etc., jfu
Demanded. toe o
tions
The St. Louis Nominiees and Plat- been
form Iadorsed. bero
York,
Kellogg and the Radical Party De- low:
nounced.
- We
The following is the full report on party
platform of the committee appointed ConV
at the Baton Rouge Convention, and tmhe'
of which Gov. Albert Voolth!es was ate r
chairman : nem
REFORM. eff 'r
We, the representatives of the Benmo- t(o i1,
cratic-Conservative party of the State of of es
Louislana, in conyvention assembled,. do unde
hereby didlar6 adudinistrativv and, po- press
litical reforit to be the p:traminolt Issue crace
in the coming general election, and we reafi
earnestly appeal to oulr fllbw:-itiiens of the I
every former political association, white Cons
I and colored, to zealously co-operate with its i
us in our pronounced effort to effect such final
reform. enge
THE RADI(CAL PARTY. our
We arraign the Radical part, of Lou- lfte
I isiana for utarked antd fleqttelt viola- jorlt
e tious of the letter and spirit of the con- in ti
stitutlon ; for the assumption of illicit mnili
powers for the benefit of the party, and tion
Stot the great injury and almost total ruin alik
of the State; for fomentiug dissensions the
between the races and deliberately ex- lawe
1 citing strife and turmoil, thereby cruelly
sacrificing the lives of colored and white
citizens, with the intent of procuring of it
unwarranted and uincoustitittional inter- tnal
ference in our State affairs. the
s TIII LtC4UII'AtiON. pre
y We denounce the nsurpettiro and bad w e1
government which Louisiana lias sfitered dres
for the last four years, a usurpation un- whi
r. der which oflicers elected by the people 141
e have been displaced, the government ar- it hi
bitrarily overthrown by Federal power, tha
r the Legislature invaded and dispersed by of 1
aI bayonets inl time of profound peace, and bai
of such violent and unlawfill interference whe
adds but another to the long lists of crimies l
7 for which the Republican party should rep
be held to account in November next. n11
A FAIR ELECTION.
We hereby proclaim that it is our de- ITo
sire and fixed purpose, under any anld Fi
e every provocation, to have a fair and
at peaceable election; but we demand and t
insist rhat there shall be no violence or mnu
n intimidation exercised towards such of ru
oureolored fellow-citizens as may wish Inr
to co-operate with us for the redemption tat,
11 of theetate from misrule.
S AMNDMENRS tO TilIE CONSTITUTION. Ilo1
lie We fully recognize the binding effect the
er of the three recent articles of amnend pro
ment to the Conrtitutiioi of the United are
sr States, and accept the same as a final hai
settlemenlt of the ctttnoversies that en- me]
gendered civil war, and We pledge our- ph!
ry selves to protect every citizen in the ex- not
ercise of the tights acquired and guaran- yes
in teed by said amendments, wh~ltever be ii
le his race, co.or or previous condition: am
sir THE STATE FINANCES. s
We hereby pledge oar party to the sat- re
S isfaction of ill the legal obligations is- res
sued by the State of Louisiana ; to the I0
or most strenuous efforts in tile direction of le
reform and an economical adnministra
o- tion of the Government, and especially vai
to to the abolition of all unnceessary pub
to, lie offices; to the reduction of fees and o0
salaries of officers; to the standard of a
le fair runmtneration and the consequent re
duction of taxation to the lowest lpssi- A
ble limit commensurate with the neces
sary expenses of the government aind
is the prIcervation of the public faith, and the
id to the enrtuilment of tie irt auetvOtnly no
Tfg~ patronage of the Chief Bxet1tive
Sof the State. WV
- TR TEXAS IkAIAliI)*. p
Wts We declare ourselves in favor of the re
a passage of the Texas Pacific Railroad sn
bill, now pending befite Congrt'ess, and w
," recommennud our membenlrs of Congress to pe
nd advoCate its passage at an early date. is
ost reaULotI SCHOOLS R ALe L.
t We advoeate the rostericg of the pub- c
lie schools for thile benefit of all the ednu- a
e-catable children .f the State, and that re
equal advantage be given to all children: li
colored as well as white.
ere THlE ST. LOUIS NOML(EES. Il
iti- We cordiailly approve of and endorse !
the platform of the National Detnocratic
party, recently assembled In convention t
at at St, Louis, and feel Inspired with the
aod hope of a better Gvernmeut in the ftu- ti
ture; bitt the great question of reformni is
he brought before the people of the whole
country by a great nattonal pattr, and e
we pledge ourselves to use our utmost
efforts to sectre the soccess of those p
k great exponents of national reform,la
-as Sam'. . JTilden and 'Ton. A. hendricks. t
Dissolntioni of Partnership. n
The frintof1RglLL & IBARBEE has this day
SJ L iss.lvedl 1y anatual eonsent. Either part d
. se inathorised to liquidate all buanes ,eon J
neete.t with the late firm. One of the above e
!t iwill always be found at Grand Ecore, who 1
Swill take pleasure in answerlng all communi.
eations connected with the old business.
W. E. RUSSELL.
W. H. BARBER
S read , La. Julyl, ,188.
Business Partnership.
W. IL BARBEu E haing eassuttd e orwoard. 1
I'l and Receiving business heretofore con.
ducted by RUSSELLA L A BEB, buhs thi day
assocated bhimself with Stj~DiATH A CHAM
SIll anS the' bIsiness will horeafter Ibe ear.
tiesd . by Stb fAflI', CfAXBERS & hA$
BEE.
Thaakfall for peaP' favots I would respect
SItfully solicit a continelseeof pstrolage for the
o. sw fimaln fantUe. .-
D. (band liwe, o.. Juiy p, 18th a
Jt* , . SItDATH. B OrE IdHAMBEEs
. H w. , BARA R
SUDOIIiTH, CliEA IS . IIAi2 ,
be PFrwardiP,. Re iivin g.
't Commisgion Merchants,
!nrd bDBagdmrW AIWARE.
'#` iii e stok of general
tad t l# wantseof the
O C nmcdaf fotati and mefoban
tndi; h solicited and prompt
!yý mss "' 1Y " ý
YIC
iVil
THE PLATFRORM. n d.
treaty I
St Louis. .Jlne 18.-The convenition . gjiit!
wh\ callcd to ordet' at 2:15 p. m. tutional
Judge Mrerledith, f Virginia, Chairman firther
of Committee on Reeilnutions, presented the Mom
the report. stating a great many resolu- ry au'n
tions were presented, all of which had king It
been carefully exaniined and discusnll tions. a
before coming to an agreeltent. lie re- issues
quested Governor Dorsheimer, of New and the
York, to read it to the convention, as fol- it. Th
lows: would t
TirE PLATFORM.
We. the delegates of the l)emocratie Ii restC
party of the United States in National the esti
Convention iembnlled, do liete declare clusivel
the administration of the Federal Gov- the De,
ernmient to be in urgent need of inmmedi- their fi
ate reform, do hereby en.in ripon. the tain wi
nominees of this Couven'ion and of the any chi
Democratic party in each Stdte it zealous tributii
eff' rt and co-operation to this end, and false is
do hereby appeal to our fellow-citizens allew t
I of every former political connection to letwee
undertake with us this first and most 1S erst
pressing patriotic duty. For the Demo- nlis
cracy of the whole cotintry we do here tiny.
reaffirm our faith in the permanency of Ref'i
f the Federal Union. Our devotiini to the Experi
Constitution of the United State", with ect'nO
its amendments universally accepted as a busiune
final settlement of the conltroversies that he slub
engengendered civil ai4r, iiitd do here record and be
our steadfast confidence in the perpetuity a brief
of Republican self-government; in abso. posts c
uInte acquiescence in the will of the nia- pcteii
jority, the vital principles of republics; ti eml
in the supremacy of the civil over the ipatronl
t military authority; in the total sepera- the til
Stion of Church and State for the sake INSTIi
aI like of civil and religious freedom; in }ter.
"1 the equality of all citizens before just perfIrl
laws of their own enactment; pouwr
IN THE LIBERTY retcrni
g of individual conduct, nnve~ed b sulmp- fi thu
r- tuary laws. In the faithful education of Presid
the rising generation, that they may torn, I
preserve, enjoy and transmiit these best these,
conditions of human Ihiiplliness and hope, peop(k
1 we behold thie unhlest products of a hun- a prir
d dred years of changeful history; but trst.
I- while upholding the bond of our union, lie th
le and the great charter of these our rights, Priif
it behooves a free, people to practice also of Re
r, that eternal, vigilatice which is thile price s a 1p
1 of liberty. Reform Is ijecessary to. re
build and establish in the hearts of the profiti
eC whdil people the union eleven years ago makei
dS happily reseuiied from the danger of a cor- conui
rupt centralism which, after inflicting seital
upon ten States the rapacity of Secrei
CARPET-BAG TYRANNIES. es oft
S:Has honey-combed .the officers of the Gene
Federal Governiment itself with incapaci- richit
ty, waste and fraud, infected States and the p]
o Inunicipalities with the contagion of mis- ta i
of rule, and locked fatIt the 1irosperity of an Imeit
h industrious people in the paralysis of ed ii
hard times. Reform is necessary to ;,ms
n tallish a sound currency, restore the capn
public credit, and maintain the national c lmt
honor. We denonnee the failure for all cri
ct these eleven years to make good the r
d promise of the legal tender notes which TIIE
ed are a changing standard of vulne in the That
lal hands of the people, and the non-pay- choic
n- ment of which is a disregard of the lest t
It- plighted faith of the nation. We de- tionli
ax- nouncee the improvidelnce which in eleven there
n- years of peace his taken from the people party
be in Federal taxes thirteen times the whole and 1
amount of the legal tender notes, and
squandered four times this sum in use
less expense without accumulating any wron
reserve for their redemption. We de- teen
niounce the financial imbecility and im- can
morality of that party which, during C
eleven years of peace has made no ad- But
v- ance toward resumption; that instead, cony
ly has obsttnuted resumption by wasting ret.
b- our restbutee and exhausting all our sur
plus inConte, And while annually profes- oflice
a sing to intend form
Ai- SPEEDY RETUiRN TO SPECIE rvote
es- PAYMENTS chan
hld ans annually enacted fresh hindrances dllat
nil thereto, as such a hIhttrance we de
ly nounce, the reutlultipagteaam of diue actr
ve of 1875, aind we.llhereo demand its repeal.
IWe demand a judiciouis systemu of pre
paration by public econoltios, by offlcial
he retrenchmnens and bv wise finalnco which For
al shall enable thle nation to ininre the
nd whole world of its perfect abilit~y and its
to perfect readiness to meet anIy Mf us pronm
ises at the call of the creditor entitled to
payment. We believe snch a system,
well devised and above all entrlsted to
ab comlpetent hands fof execution, creating
in- at no time an artificial scarcity of cur
bat rency and at no time alarming the pub
en lic mind into a withdrawal df that vas
ter machine' y of credit by which ninety
five per cenit. of all businless transactions
re are perforned, n system open, publdic and
atic insptitmg general confidence would from
ion thle day of its adoption
the BRING HEALING ON ITS WINOS
f- to all our harrassed industry and set in 1
n is motion the wheels of commerce, inann- ly
hole faetures and the mechanical arts, restore spe
and employment to labor and renew in all its cmu
uost national source the prosperity of the tor,
sose people. Reform is necessary in thq.um wil
rm, and mode of'Feleral taxation to thie end for
1k1. that capital may be set free firom distress mit
n and labor lightly burdcned. We de
nounce thIe present tariff levied upon
* nearly four thousand articles as amaster
say piece of injustice, ineqnuality and false
part pretense; it yields a dwindling, not a
con yearly rising teveniue; it has impoverish
bove ed many industries to snbsidie a-few;
wh it prohllibits imports that might purchase
un. the products of American labor; it hies
degraded American commerce from the
first to an inferior upon the high eeas;
it has cnt down theim sales of
AMERICAS MANUFACTURES
at lhome and abroad and depleted the re
turns of Amrerican irncnltnre orindus
ard try follo~wed by half our people; t costs
cn. the people five times more thanit pro
Say daces to the treasery, o~hltruct the pro- tic
- essof production and wstes the fruits nli
o. f labor; it prolaotes fraud and fosters H.
snmnggling, enriches dishonest ottlfeials
and bankrilpts hoitlett merchant. We
demand that all Cnstonihouse taxation
pshall be only for revenue. Reformis nee- f
eieary th sale of public expinsOe de
Federal, State and Mnoicilial; fededrat
i* taxation has swollen from $*6,0ou,000
gold In 1860 to. $450,000,000 ermreeil n 0
,-870, Omuraggreate taXatibn from
nzu ooo,o00 gold i luSjo to #30oo_,0oo0 ,, sr
reniey in 18701 or ii Omse decade fnolm less
than five dollars per head to utme than
I eighteen dollars per head: -i5cte tihe
igpesce the people have paid to their tax
gatherers more than thrice the sum of
the national debt, and more than twice
that sum for the Federal Government
alone. We demand a vigoroes frugality
in every department and from every of
fcer of the government, -
A. REFOBM IS T1ECE88AfY
to pat a stp to the prolhlgmite waste of
public hands, and their diteraoa fromt ao.
tAE nal selers by the party in power, which o
has squandered twd hundred millions of
ene a acres upon raitreads alone, and out of '
of the more than thrice that aggregate has dis
posed of lemss than a sixthtitretl y to til-
p"hbam lersof the soiL Reform I esreessaryto
rompt- correet theosaissio s of Repubioea gon t
greses, ad the ermu of our taretiaes and a
anr diplomaey whichb lhive setrippA our a
- fellow eitizens of foreigp bi* .uiki.li
dred race reemesing the At latio f the
-b shield of Ahnerfin.eitisemhil, sa bave
exposed oi brethreh If the sNoilo slope
I tS o shehajaeions bid a u not sprtiffi
flom the sateo gr reat Vre.s km.
- now deied by I eIts hhtl, through
T /b naturaliation, as b~jeh ittheri ac~na
m oe denones the policy
TBHi LIaRBHTY VIN( G N 1
n~x. Ila: ~
*~ ~ -a mI
A 4j
andil drmaflIl. smiah ,ilieatirn .of the ' 11. C
treaty with the C!hiies Emlpire r ,uieh
lhgislit'iin by ongress; wihi u at c l +ist C
tutional limuittation as ihal i prevoit the
further ilmportation or, immigration of
the Mongolian race. Retfirrit is necessa
ry and can never he effected but y In:s
king it the controlling iwsie.iif the Olcc- For t
tions, and lifting it above the two false
issues with which the office:holding class
and the party in power s eck to smother
it. The fise issues with which they N T
would eukintdle
SECTARIAN STRIFE
Iii respect to tlie pinlitlic b ciols, of which
the est1blishient aindsiipport belong ex
clusively lt the severdI States, and which seleý
the Deinociatic party has cherished front this ma
their tfoundation and resolved to main- th a
tain without partiality or preference for lwet
any cilss, sect or ere d, and without con
tributilig froml the treasury to any. The The Mo
filso issue by which they seek to light CIIE.
anew the dicing embers of sectional hate
hbetWeenl kindred people once unnatural- Q (
lv estranged, but now reunited in one consists
indivisible republic and a colnniun des- CA1
tiny.
Reform is necessary in the civil service.
Experience proves that the efficient
economical conduct of the governmental
business is not possible if its civil service
he subjected to change at every election.
" and be a prize offered at the ballot-box as
a brief reward of party .eal, instead of BROW
posts of honor assigned for proved conm
petency, and held for tidelity in the pub- LADLE
lie employ. That the dispensing of the
patronage should neither be a tax upon
the time of all our public men, nor the
e INSTRUMENT OF THEIR AMBITION. WVooler
S iHere again professidas fsilstied in the BOO'
perftulmance attest thlit tihe pdtty in
power ca:n work no practical & .talutary
r.eforil. IReform is necessary even wore
. in the higlhr grades ot public service. Clotl
of Preshlent, Vice-Pre.tidelit, Judges, Sena
Stor,, Represeutativesy Cabhiet Officers, meat.
,t these, and all others in tilthority are tie tC
people's servants. Their offices are no UO(
i a private perquisite. They are a public
t trust. Wtheti the annals of this Repub
Slic, the disgrace and censunre of a Vice
, Preside it, a late Speaker of the House A ft
, of Representatives mnarketing his ruling GROC
as a presiding officer, B
THREE SENATORS
t profiting secretly by their votes as law In ft
(" makers, live chairman of the leadilig Ah
r- conmittees of the late House of itepre. on hadl
ig sentatives exposed in jobbery, a late a cash1
Secretary of the Tretisiiry fouicing balane- muenta
es of the puhlic accodnts, a late, Attorniey igh
General nis;ilipirdpriating public funds, produc
a Secretary of the Naey enriched or en- or mere
;d riching friicnll by plefcentages, levied of Marc
the profits of contractors with his depart
; ieat, an Ambassdor to England censuir- f
of ed in a dishonorable speculation, the
PIresident's Private Secretary barely es. (Cc
lie caping conviction upon trial fior guilty
al complicity in frands upon the revenue, a
1ll Secretary of War ilmpeached for high TERI
lie crines and confessed nisdemneanors.
ii TILE DEMONSTRATION IS COMPLETE
he That the first step mdnt be the public TTNi
Y choice of htonest Imen frilt snotllelp' ar, I i
oe lest the diseaseo of one political orgtlniza- it wit
le- tion infiest the whole body politic andil n pi
en thereby makingk no change of men or both,
lie party, *e can get no change of measures ply ti
le and no reform. try at
id ALL THESE ABUSES, Api
nwvongs and crimes, the produtct of six
teen years of ascendancy of the Republi
m can parfty, create a necessity forreform
ccnfessed by the republicatis tie selves.
i But these refornlers are voted * in DRY
td convention and displaced from the Cabi
g npet. The party's mass of hont votes is
ir powerless to resist thd eighty tlhosasnd
. office holders, its ldriduits and guides. re
Cform ca; only ue had by a peiceftil civic ANI
revolution. We dentand a change of
E system, a change of administ.ation, a Hard
change of parties, that we may have a
es chiftnge of men. .
rle
i SI!1 1S' IFEI REGIUUTOR,
ih For all discases of the Liver, Stomach '
the and Spleen;
After Forty Years trial it is
Atotl receiving the most ilnjutn
t ified testimonials of its virtnue, let
S from persons of the highest
character and responsibility. g
r Enminent physicians coimenuid
ir'as the most.
S It is enminentlv a Family
ty Medicine, and by being kept
G relady for immediate resort, rd
and will save many an hour of suf
om - fering, and many a dollar in
time nlid
is DOCTORS' BILLS.
tin Yosir Regulator is one of the best fanml Tail
nn- ly medicines I ever used. I have not
ore spent one dollar for my family for medi
its cone in five years, only for your Regula
the tor, and met say it does all it says it
am will. You can also recommend ai in Colice B
end for Stock, it having cured a fine ratile of pri
ress mine worth Five BHundred dollars.' mo
de- J. A. NieIhO, Macoin GOa
ipon The Liver, the largest orga
ter- in the body is genuerall the
alse seat of the diseasei lind i not -
t a Regulated in t;me, great suf
ish- fering, wretchedness, and
few; DEATH will ensue.
hase If you feel Dull, )rowsaj, lTi
hsa bilitated, have frequent Head
Sthe ache, Month Tastes badly, poor
eas; Appetite :nd Toue Coated,
y..n are sUiffering frim '@Oiid
Liver or "Billionsees" and
nothing will cure you so speedii
- ly and permanently. "
coets oni. Aler· H. Stelphens.
pro- "I occasionally uise, when my condi
pro- tion requires it, Dr. Simmons' Liver Reg
Rnits ulator, with good effect."-HIu. Alex.
sters H. Stephens.
Weis Governor of Llabarnm.
ation "Your Reguilator has been in use in my
nec- family for soue time, and I.am perasu
in ed it is a valuable addition to the medl
eal Scaeenee"--0v. J. (ill Shorter, Ala.
) " I have nsed the Regulator in payfam
Sly for the past seventeen years. I can
safely recommendlit to the world as the
best medicine I have ever usneed for that,
t han class of diseases it purports to ure." J
tlle H. F. Thigpen,
r tax Baltimore Episeopal Mleodidst.
twice This medicind is acknowledg- a
ment ed to have no equal as a Liver
ality medicine; containgthose 8outh- e
,of- ern Roots trod Herbs which an
all-wlte I'rovkleblce has placed
in countries where Livet Die -
eases most prevail.
set. of Inles ~ od's~en t. a
il ac "i have given your medicine a thor
rhish ough trial, and in no tase halt f(rled to
s o vefull esitisfactiof--Ellen Meacham,
o lt of Chattabooehee, Fla.
r S m Fkom actual experience in the use of' a
this medciine in my iracties, I have been
aand saati e8e tdled anls mpsoribe it
our as a purgative medicio:' --Dr. J. W. Ma.- -
lope 'qI have used Dr. Simmons' I ver leg
ualater ourav fariily for lyspepsia and '
i ~t Sick Ieadache, and regard it f invala- -
roah able reaweij It hs aot failed to give
ac relief to any iasera ."-Bev. W. .
resive Easterling,
P goiCY "pjauueud Uver Ilgict c n
l a spareo foi that Else of eandp1Ints
t elefs tos eirelt JIso V l
.g7 . -- .
r··
M. I. CARVERI. t. W. TAY*LOR.
Carver & Taylor,
r rON' S1' B .ET,
Natclitochces, La.
Under t
For the FALL aid WIN- the
TER Trade.
NEW GOODS ! pHIS
I
h ew Goods ! ! ":A "
h rI'lE entire ,stock is better and more s,,,ce t
I select that any' every introde'ed into compqis
this market, and tl iavine Ien purchl!asetl dress i
with CASH, can le sold lotrlr din 11he - Ia l it
lowest. a* :d4, in
The Motto of the Firm is to sell and cot
The
CIIEAPIR TItAN THE CHEAPEST. into Ltt
I. 0 Call ant exa.iiine our stocl~'; which colnulel
it consists in part of .itoItte
CASSIMERI;S, of
e. JEANSt ,aa
It TWEEDS,
KER.SEVS,
I'RIN'ITS, Etrd,
f BRO WN& BiLEACIED COTTONS,
LOWELLS Wa,.Iit
' LADIES' UlRESS GOODS, Ioctor
aI TRIMMINGS, Smnuna
le BLANKETS, s of
ý. Woolen Goods of all kinds. a
Ie BOO'S, eti
le n o's,
ry SHOES,
e LADIES' and GENT'S. It \TS. 101ar1
: Clothing, au tll and Complete Assort. No d'
I may b.
rs, ment. itf I he
o Crockery, Hollow & W:il- of
low 1 Ware. Xet e
e A full line of FANCY and FAMILY sanLm
GROCERIES, WINES, LIQUORS, &C. End
I Books, Statiotiary, &c., &C. blue,
In fact three
g A TRI:EIT and sclett stock of oiodds always te t
e. on hanld, which having been purcitaseed on l, t
to a casi, lasis enables us to offer extra Induce- twelvi
IeC- monts to cash buyers. or tw(
iey Highest cash price paid for cotton and other large
d1 produce, and liberal advances malte in cash lars, s
II or merchandise on .,onsignmcnt a foiot
of March 25-lv. table -
rtr ----- of bin
- BoarAding -I~Eur e and a
the wide;
erf. (Corner FRON"' and TOULINE Street1s.) two J
It NATCIIITOCiIES, LA. long,
' distin
igh TERMS i Only One Dollar aidt a half Rid"
TE per day. fia
lie TJAVING leased the NARCISSi PRU- peet
rty, 1I DIIOMME building, antd furnished funds
ia- it with dew and elegant Firnit re. I ilre
tadl am prepared to acconintodate ,oarders, reii
or both, transient at.I permtunent, and sip- ere
ties ply them with all the delicacies the coun
try affords, L. H. BURDICK, g
April 1-ly. Proprietor. to S
it
i-jmes OD~1S9 u
run Corner Jefferson and Amulet Steets by et
esl. --dealer in
A DRY GOODS, Io
0is GROCERIES, lI
n GENRA IIHARDWARE, 1R.
io AND GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Saf ; Bargains offered to CASH ers. - 1R.
Ba March _ 5--1y
WI'/lTOMEWOgOW51
mHIGoE SCHOOL
9 -00-
Iach 'HE building is co,,,pleted and will he
I opened for the reception of puplils, on C
MONDAY, 3d day of APRIL next.
Classes to be of three grades.
slet Elementary Spelling, Readiang, Wri- J
ting and first rules of Arithmnetic.
2nd Samne continued, with Histor.y, Ge
ography, Oral Arithmetic, use of
Globes, English Gratnmlnr, Rtet*rie, AF
Exercises in Elocution atid Composi
tion si
3rd Higher or Univerity Arithmetiert
advanced Mathematics, Natural and
Moral Phiilosophy, ald the Ancient PRJ
Languages. (Latin and Gioek.)
TERMS:
iu Tnitiit, fdr First Clt"' per trionth $3.00
,,t : Second " " 4.(t0 AP
oedi- " Third " " " 5.00 BL
ybe It (PayabIp montlily.1
oli Board can be had in the city with
leoof private fatltles, frdm 010 to $12 per
na i nonths W. C. JACK, G
IMarch 2·--tf. Priteipal.
T. E . I.
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES, L
hIARDWARB, L
and GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
B Iargains to CAsh Customers.
JEFF'RSON STREET,
ondlMarch 25-ly.
Ale . .. an
an D ICTIONARY
as he FOR THE SCHOOL ROOM.
~" 8000 Engvringp; 1810 quarto Price $12
.A NEW FEATURE.
To th1e 3.500 Ivs anoraos heretofnre in Web
ater's Unabridtged we hae adlded four pages of
C . OhtrEiD ILLUtSTATA'IO S b
on*i tegdy tot the wori at i~e ex
i pend. t.
INearlb .,ery Stste Stperintendeat of Pnbl:
flier, where sueli an o ost eiitd, Ihas reolmend
ed Welbter's Dictionary in thle strolgest ternms. i
Anmon" them are those of -ai0stere, Northsern,
Middle Soathern ad Weelei tstesT- I'EN
tter- TI.IBHT in al. .
tled to STATE PURIHfAS3B.
acham, TeStateo of Nw o Its. plaed 1o,oon
cples olf Westser's Unbridge loE dmauy of her
Public 8ohoolt. 5
The State ofWISCONSI; abs iOO--nmarly I
a use of eete School. c
robe Tbt ate of NEW JERIYi 1,500,-a y t
rbe it s h ool.
. I tor lt of ICKIOQA Male pbtviaiOo
The State of- MsSACIIUSETTS hua sp-, I
Mo ert l Incls a INWL&ANA were 1
invala upkd d sing thet I eS, 0 ind iany more
t LOT ltS l 1 4. . . -,. .uuimv !
ir safetonesiue at be muds far
cothh , Moe tits tmu t m s. as a...e spe- ,of
a e4iu na. W .emismai se sIof e s ee
- fimtI of . the Seab el.eek
efu coeantry Owra Webter ao their
nar sis omIWa, bV iike~wI
Supl * b y G &s ..p Ai M,
FOUNDED IN 18253.
Under the Direction of the Retligioua of
the Society of the Sacred Heart. 1 boot
ST. JAMES PARISH. L,. origiu
story. I
S'HIS Institution i Ipleasantly situated arne
ion the Mis.issippi Rivler, about 60 intensel:
miles above New Orleans. The buildings enough
are spacious, and welf ventilated. The ga
aim of the Religious couduncting it, is to already
scctue to their pupils a thorongh and ac- about it
compldished cduatiol, ,imphlicity of o
dress is enforced Uy the rulets. 'rhir :broa,
health is the object of1 untirhidg olicit ude; xerie
and, in sicknesst .they atre nafectioniatel ha thei
and constantly attended to. Crate r
The scholastic ,'ear, which is divided consult
into two sessions of five months each, enceh
comintitCesl n li tin the first WidnesdTay of l oe
Octobelr. tawl terilntatcs in the last week Talk an
of thle following .July. ny
Terms for the cNholastle Year, whtch
Payable in current fulnds, and always in nle
AtL nce. satlulac
Entrance Fee, (hut once) $6 Ibind
Board, with tulilionl ill Engl'h i:lt luan
ri'enlich1 1 t.80 E
Washing 30 have
hlooks and Stationery 14 henIot
DI mtor's IE G "l av
Music 86 be with
?(se of Piano or Itarli 15
Iiraiwing 30
\Vlcntiton chart, (for Angust tl Sd
V1elinher) 45
l'uliºiisr ar l nit'cti at t any time, and cord
Scluargeid ,nl'roflm the date of entr:llc. of prle
t Nio letlion is 1ule for a ipulil who tents P
ulav be withdrawnl befolre t.he expirationll
itf ' he Sesiion, Itlllhs it bie tin aCCollUltI
- of sick tl.~ess
No ipatiicntl; dress is required, ex- lre
ceplt oi Sullldays alilThilrgl:ays, wlhel withot
blue Merino is worn iin winiter. and li millior
Y sunnier, pink lawn, and occeasionll lly S C
white.lIconlet or Nainsook. t A
Each pupil should be 1rhidetl4 with a oP llu
blue, ai white anld a ltink dress; ii white people
plain Blobbllinet veil, two and a half or i
three yards lollu, according to the size of
a the Vonng lady; a black plain lhilbinet legsla
' :eil, twelve changes of under garmentsl, Conce
twelve pairs of horse, lt dozeu itlil al hailf "Caut
or two dozen pocket hitaullltercliets, eight able
er large' npkins, eight tdwels, twelve col- ld
al lars, six night-gowns, fuinr pairs of slies; Publk
a thoot tub, toilet box, work box, goblet, paid,t
table-knife, fork and spoolin; two pairs
- of blankets, three pairs of shllts, three
1and a h:illi y.ards long. two and a hall
wile; a tiinlslliltno-ar of vlh te netting. k,.
two yards long, the top to be five feet value
long, two anild a half wide. All to be 8eua
distintly nitarked with the ntumber as- -sen
if siglled.
P'arents Hliing thelir clildren to be
furnished with clothindg, etc., are ex
pected to deposit with the Treasurer fore
funds for the purpose. tend i
Pupils of every denomuihationl are re- Ae.,l
, quired to assist at the public exercises of Zei
reigion-no further influence is ever ex
1 erased over their convictions onl this T
grave point,
Visits are confined, when practicable, of v
Sto Butidays and Thursdays, and are to won
bQ made only by parents, guardians and Mar
near relati :es, unless when authorized w
by such as have power to do so.
Epistolaiy coirrespondence is subject to Ha:
insoection. me
for circulars and further particulars, to
apply to or address the MOTHER SU
Pls4IIOR, St. Michael's Convent.
' MR. P. POURSINE, 110 Gravier Street, tote
. New Orleans, or Boo
-MR. M. H. CARVER, Natchitoches, La., pari
Agenuts. May20-tf.
int
Sprig nunrCood. fo
Oral
J, 1, I1OE0RAU,
Corner FRONT Al'D CIIRCII Streets,
NATCHITOCHES. LA.
ri- , JUST opened, a now assortment of
e- FRENCH, ENGLISH and
:i AMERICAN, Spring rand
Sitc SUMMER GOODS. Consistling in part ot
114 AMERICAN ANDI) ENGLISIH
t PRINTS,
(OTTONADES,
3.00 LINEN DIRILLINOS,
4.)0 APRON CHECKS, to
.00 BLEACAED & BROWN COTTONS, Cel
MOURNING 0OODS A
per I G f ooDs O ALL, KIND,
GRENADINES and
1. PIQUES,
LINEN LAWNS, of all grades. (O
HOSIERY and GLOVES,
ARTIFICIAL FLOWES,
SILK PARASOL8 of all kinds,
-
LADIES' ECRU'SCARFS,
LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S HATS,
SE. Notions of all Descriptions,
TOWELS AND NAPKINS. tel
I
Full assortmetit of SHOES, HATS Ha
Sand CIOTHING. an
In fact all goods that can be called _
for in a Dry Goods store.
"ip All of which he is offering at
very low prices.
March 5, 4l7.-ly. ..
S GRANGE WAREHOUSE,
At G)RAND ECORE, La.
J. M. PoTeR, Grangeo Agent_
Web- D (Ec IVING, ForWarding and Pnr
gis of ehashtig lgaeont for the Patre~ ..I Hus
bandry. Air business in:rfiitd t~i his
e" - caro will receive prompt attention and j
the patrons can rest assured of being lib
Pbl ote rally dealt With in chIlrges,.&C.
en A share of business is respectfully so
Sterms. lietted.
rhern, March 256m.
NO'TICE
1004 Having bought Mr. 8; Parson's entire
Soher stock aof Iorses, Hacks, Bauggies and
-nearly Hearse, as well as a ftll aseortatefit of
comfins, I now ijvite a nbotindate of
a Y the patronage f the phblic. - I
bvln Charges will be moderate.
Hireof Hearse withiu corporatfop 15.
. p- Pie for distances beyond irpo rate him
it. will be ,goernedr by the slistances,
eo from $ 5to iso.
l ode O CoMas of all style on baid, prices
a nging from $5 PO. VELEAN.
yi m Joly 8 tf. P. PjLE MAN .
" W .I* bb ".I bS
.. D Twia AsUret;Aiicka
S r Torut
Murray Hill Publishing Cd
Sohli P. Seo ettj Ni6 ager.
AI CONIl DISEASES Cured.
nm tln. ewmln I\,t. atis marked oat .q
Iltiath by that plainesto"
11 book--P.AtL lfo~ta 'ALK ANY ,~irVcati
uo ox Suss,which contuins nearly I,tklpagel,
tofroginal matter, as entertaining nie tasciniathli
story. Health and long life made easy for thl
lamed and unlcarmnedtl. Cramtned full of bram
lew Ideas, which are cheering to the sick, ant
latensely enterltainingto those who are tortnnate
enough to cecape di-.as.e. It guards the reader
against the pithulet of human sffering, and
points the way of delivernnch to those who are
already ent lued. By all means, Sad out Sa!
about it. It I l you. It's author, Dr. E.
I. Foor) , of 10 lO LElworox. Avrt·t, Xx
YoRs, is con.uted by Invalids at bomre an8
*broad, in pIerson and by letter, End has had the
.sxericnce of nearly a quarter ofa century
n the treatment of long standing and diicnlt dib
eases of every characte beate his ability t:
Write practical ttuUe for the iifvalid reader. Aik
consultations are Fitra to the Fick everyahtere.
hence his Immense corre-pondeuce with theilck
All over the globe, You, ED AUREIE 1AT .tr
anTr TO CONSULT the able author of Plain ouIIx.
Talk and Medical Common Sbanse. Writeto i..
and yon will be strncl Ifith his Common iean
Whatever your malady, you w ll receive Igh.
wjdch will do yoq good, by inveast oly y
gpotage stati , ud wvriting to Dr. Y.We u-i
to nterest you in bot.h the doctor and hle t;::
mortal book. The oolk itself. which gi:
satisfaction td aM who read it. can be had '/
agents, or of the publishers direct. Platn mue
i th binding, 58.25? i the Enllsh or Genaut.
language. Library b'ndiig, In English only,
,. Sent by mail, postago prepald. on receit
Of the price. A lady Wrltes the auther:
( have always felt thla yot were A phyeiýean c
the world, from the fact of your wonderful cuc
cess and orfig idea." One reader says -
"lhave found it to be one of the grandest
` works of the age." Another sayt-" I would not
be witiout It for twice its cost." Simllar lette.
reach the author every day. Contents table
Iree.. .
EN E STORY; also b
DEn. FooTp. Cheap edi
loni~. vole. in ', neatly
, bound, t; In B separate vols. at S and ST.I
according to binding. Sent by mail ln receip
.of price. Jurt the tldagfot*tuglpeople. CoB
tents table freb .
Publleotlomai; Weeis furi
M tinalh all of D. Fgrs'i opnl
Dime Pqblictcttons on healt and
indred top cs. "OLD EYbtd MADE NEW;"
tells how to restore the sight atid ive upglasse
without the aid of Doctor le Me e. aif
tt million have been l..aed alreald 'I "C rol
A~ r('I)mT O . tllFT 'rTtit, i.e is valUable
pcon~To i fog those with tyri lllled wih Mlcup
trte c Hernia..,pltyco oLOmceArnl thee m o f
n nP IIUal A ~+TaY "' laIteI to te subject of itavinif
II "o r its ca*uss "t°ncar n val
to peoplehorn right. "l1'nxsnot.Om.MtnmI 0IQ
a lVel the, latest rhsearclnes .regarding the lawi
ofverning tenmpeamental *daptation, At., A.e.
,l TSrz BActiWAnR, revltwnia ineonsiderate
.t legislation concerning the reveuotl of
Concepution. S"tI.eItsATOlRUUA," Or IemI
IWnl Wakness with evidence of its ncurabllity
rs r
'laoUr, i onts case, pre atieton Adi cre," ItoVa
it nable to th ery l "eadr ha te arP. o anmil
-Scud or them.
AGENTScart fminbd pr ;tara el rth lt
.er foren. "u lic T" .causes, a evea o
send fore. Acular one. o the for tersgoing
Pu blicatIons wilt be rent by Iaall, t ptA
t;, paid, on recitof tea cent..
e- A, The Murray ilalubiuofl e. WeAwll si
of RE pyt Dm Fln·'s Free PI ? P
lions.. " G,(atluituu Adrfce of@I
et value to the sick. "' Erfclenco P... Fof -
--Bead for them.
Omeut ln the soatr--e
or e~n publications, ed alad several ether
pbhd oe y ica. tIend all of the above; and
send forpartucnlars. Addree, for terain, 0o0t
re- Ac., Tihe Murray Hill Pnbiishiug.CePoy; lA
of E.$ 3811. uas'ew,; cev rlowS __
The Ladles' Iland4 esk -
of valulabicinformation toevery L
woman, OLD or YOUNG ,.
Married or Single. LADIES tmil
will thank us for this u % r
Hand-Book, and no sm,
mother will object I NER
to placing it in the
handaofherdaugh  i 0 US
Books ire not DE A GE
private treat- "se i i
intended pilepny, anI
fot , vous derangements ;
~erahir. j t On and _a .
a-* lhis Essay wil be found
deeply interesting to all
tion. nervous stufferers. 1M0T
or EITHER of tbh fonegoiaj
HAND-BOOKS bent vamm
y d Aries Addrear'witi
/abam p,N.Y.P.Co.,Beforo4,Mas
II. iI JIELIlE,
LATE OF HAVANA,
Car lMankufacturer,
No. Ii DECATn'R Street,
Opposite Post Oifice, NEW ORtLEANS LA.
Sales Agent-J. M. PURCELL.
J. J. McCOOK & .HIoo, on WaahiiIg:
ton street, keep eoistatltly on haind theek
Celebrated Cigars at wholeatl antd rotatl:
April 22-6m:n
A.. -. emeoe,
NOTARY PUBLIC.
(Oice inder VindicatOr Office,)
ST. DENIS STREET,
NATCHITO'GIIE, LA.
April .-1 y.
MEDICINE and SUIgIERY.
OFFICE on 8'T. DENIS STREEI',
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
Calls to thi Conudtry prdnlptly It
tended to.
Refers to Dra. F. .Jobuon, J. S. tephens, C;
Hamlin and G. E. Gillespie. Meners. olalrst
& Cambbell, Carver & Tayldr, Triehel & Airej
aud Cdi R. .I:. Burke.
April 8.--y..
Sinnott a Line.
*FlI ml a Winter Arraugereat.
FOR GRAND ECORE, MONTGOMERY,
ALZANIJftLI, PiNKPILLR NOillkAN'S
DARAHI'l, FIrt DEIWUS8T,
All Way Illauelup.
The k IMaguiftesrt sad fast
runnaing paesenger palket
BART AIBLE I
HAMILTON, ,
I ~. Smmorr, Maste, Down, ýClerke
SEAVES Grand4 Jcore potivtlye's ver)
u Tuestr at 12 M.
Fot freight or pas eel pY a bOarddr tt
d ji,] S.It. ESI, Agent
March 9~-tf.
d Corner Front A Jteeraos Streets
-DEALER IN
DRY GOODS,
5. GROCERIESI
R1A1U$WIE,
- a4 Geaeral Merohbandie
Batgains offered to Caslfrnetoeaeft
Mairch 25--Iy
-DEALtU IN
s FAMILY. GRJOCEAE!
- Speelal ladacements to Cash Canteler"
re SECOND STREET, -
a , . N1atcbiteo'ej"
° uh gR-Iv