fral Conýl. iia., reiortd thiat -James
. Heard, attempted rTtae -os"two
,, itere "of Mr. Chamberlain, ag,'d,' d
td ,. the girls escaped -from the F':
oal" a!d re'.)teT(i tlhe outrage. Heard se
.d ' e lcr te t'en go c I,al%' C l a it
', r4biu-commo, S1O-; M
S 5 3; doulPl .etrai r '50;
ij.7 '00; coic and fiml
'« (1 lhiale. 3 · * 4 ; 4 a
(-tln quiet 87t'3. Onto fir':v 4r4@6O. C
BraiOr dull at 1s0,9pt. -firm it ra26 50t
r aljlrv t melms dull ; sliholdi
' at 9o . Bacon quite 0l at
14e 'ims ste; dy 14 at 15 p Lardie
rdull tire $1 ; keu l5. e itr k 50; W i
;;t t g 00 te crn meal delr $3,40 tc
rore quiet 87I 93. Obatlrnt 44@G0. e
Bran dull at 1 o. of firm t $ll ; 50
Turk firm er and held ,at 22 75 au h
en 9 at 9+. Bacon quite 1f)1 at
14+, RHaus steady 14j at 151. Lard C
dull; tit[r 141); kef 15. Whiskey in
dll $123 at 124. Coffee dull; or- fe
diary to.prime 19 at 19).. Gold 1151.
Sig ht 31 premitum. Sterling bank noun
;l.' Comndelcial 553 at 554. e'
.~Jt the Railroad Voters.
Q ,suhit. the followin .from
iu. ; Chaplin as the law in rela
ti 4 he' Voting forthe railroad, tax :
tuinii X455, Revflel Statntes
nfAiiuo police juries ian munieipaf
c-,"rI osuhebscribe .to thq caP tl
ital..oekfcorporations. inuert rking,
,ýwekiefiPaternal improvementa
ec. 2456, roqlniresordinance pasied '
fto sdfreasascriptiohe teocontain the
,Jst. A stateritt tlif tfe'inmher nnd t"
-nfsmnt of shores- prposed- to be sub- 1
e a it the landed to
"Casine, n er e tio t fieal
when it sh4IMkp.:itMlaeTO M
Seot45la7i, provides that .as- ordlin
ane sabll be1Validtor take effect un- d
"iitshill haite,. been approved'r and
ratifled by a majority of the voters on
calole 4 f ,lpai rsly ýiioj "1100
oter owni, at an e eectionto bhaheld s
a tipdly for that purpose. u
erording to the above provisions
of the law it is plain that inio.e but
thevMters on whose property the tax
is lie blevied, only on the loaded i$
t .t.. lu e larishib4 4 .i-sk t.ee re
follows conclusively thait nooe it ti
voters owning landled estate- have,.{ pI
riitbtd fote for the preposed Rail:
road tax, our lawgivers opiniop to tlie C
contrary notivithstanding.
'.ie. weather for the past two
week's .has beeh, exceedingly c
wttrn, warmer in fact for this
sewiubn of. the year than has been
e peieeneed in yarra. Me, siek]
e"ims the result:' ,
lir.V B. Wheelock, President
of the ,l.4'? )rlds rI fld lRail
- "1.:,'"t' dowfi. Mr.. G. W. . '
Barer, qu.ite fl&t, which has no
{Ttibt tiinightjiiley a.leasmon, rho a
·e, le jk4s~ 'position as one
tto liickers O re in acti te dle
ii ;~id we heiar offers of75 cents g
cT.eanyass. 01#o waxes warm
o thle greenback men. From the
$treqqires tiLe aeistance a; per
~ prw.;op'tl ifiti ,di,a .€or
Wet, .q do hlisdnty. Our ;,.
eluIf e. etea1ded in that
aec toi cnd the ef
lfte"witi· al dtar
iema to ate Stliean 5 flat
may 'a- t., bet it
1to the ibd
i ",eu ~oe t , ,ey paper
abny proeonnee aileo
-a;j"jwig no e esthb s
sa.,d "Confede1'ru*tom it"
Fm~pa. or e hO 10.gl
afrom Ihdin g along
igheiS Mgghge 1 d
We
~7LgCPI9Ff .9·-~-1~~
·'3. ·~r~ ~ji~Ftsta~ itc
,--.' . -174 wie9i. ,.... .
lT tºhiq city on th Eairinatt. 'the r~es
i4ncle uofhi, lnoUw law, i)r. HR.S. Olives,
set ent y-Aixtir+ f ofis of h 1.
.Dr. Normand wV.s born at ChnpvIgn',
oo tlhe w)e~ti 1'Ii D"Mýa1te ,' `ncTc r:
shortly after complenti~g his professiional
iuet hJuiil 44t i g
me a t i me 'ºi r akenit
fa& sl .fihdred ifid galind 'cliqi'e',j
fi t ^t tf 1 .a large and luprative'
trofestinal Rratice, 'for hleilh he twa'
_minnt~r tlt 1i his excelleiit-judg
ipenttoi;; "aruing. lie ei1oyetd up to
the d:y of his deali the entire cnflden ee
and rspiet-of his nnmerons friends.
The signs of the tihmes, at least
judging from Ohio, are, that we are
to figbt;g"qe again .lfe'Knu w Nothing
campaigv* of anti.bdtmrn times.
) The Republicans of Ohio have
abandoned the money and bloody
shirt fight and are howling against the
Catholics with all their vim. This
7 indicates butoon tlhing, their utter de
feat, for no political party can be
successfuil in this country that pros
cribes a oManun aecount of his relig
ion. .
The Washinigton Republic come
to u~ filled, as usual with excuses
for Republican failures, abuse of
Soutifntn .ople and such other
worn out stuff as go to make up
thb aaverage RadicalJonrnal.
We are requested to btate that there
willbe.a m'eeting of the patrous of
the proposed high- school to be es
tablish d; here, op. Weduesday next,
15th inst. An attendance of all per
1 sonq l'l t41lX , 'ndlt~ha b nder
taking, are particularly requested to
eattend. .:, , :"
----- -~ ~~ .- -
b Cott o.is openiug rapidly, rpueh
mbioe ad ~:ftn h9st year, and the
demand for labor to gather it is
g dite actke. Rust lhs injured
the crop in many sections, to a
I seriotis extent, and the yield will
not come up to what is anticipa
t ted.: .
MXI~tKET QUOTATIONS..
(It ehould be r(omenalhered our quota
tions are fiorround lots, at retail, higher
prices will hiav to be paid.)
Corrected Weekly by Carver & Taylor.
Ontonl....... ..... ... ....... ..I1 a 14c*
Hides, dry............................. 83o
Hides, gsee' ........ ..... .............. 1u
BAcot--The .market is in giiood spply
Clear sidea are quoted at 16c; shoulders at 12);
Bresitfast bacon at 161.
F]tLOu.-Is in good apply WIith fair demand.
We quote XX at $47: low XXX 7 507 75 and
rood XXX at 8 00; Choice XXX at $9 50; choice
family $11.91l2.
Penot-Searce and quoted at $06.
i t\ý;:is:.-1lu fair supply, demanll fair. Remp
and jartett1ie: per yard. K ladla in nma'ket.
: Lea&...ln light aupply with gooedeenand. In
tki c",e .se; hi kese 19.
lA~ils.-Are in Tight slppty aud detina~dimit
ed Canvased are quoted @ We.
ti.R-Ia goit supply.. Liverpool coarse sells
at1 2 5 per ack. Fin'e Ije 1 ihigher. .
",Sim G(iat.--None hnut ryye in market ,hich
is ,qnoted at $1 7i5 pr bnshel. '
InouC Tias.-The market is is gxod'sat~ly,
and are ,ell ing at 718 do per poulld.
Mora.tesmn-i carce. Choise Lonuidana s be
ing wold atti7i; p4ir gallon.
CoL. On.-Is in g.od slpply and Is held at
3Xr. per gallon.:
Tpxtt~o .-supplygood. eoo' medium is
qnoted at 65c. and htie bright at $25 peorpon4d.
CoaE--The slno)ly Is liutited and demuand
good. Prime at nhi2.5.
Itra.-No Carolina In imarket. Louisiana is
held at ilte. per pound. .
Co:x.--I scarce, but no demand.
oIoAr--Ertraalive bar 10e.
Suc.An--Loul'ina prime Is quoted at ;- yel.
low elarited t Ile; crashed and powdered*
I nhKY.--Wlhte and ited Pre held at 1150
ergallen Bourbon commnads $5-8 50 per gal'
Swo'r.-Tsin goad supply with fair demand and
sold at $s90 per sack, sid hack shot at $3.
POWuSR.-The asunpl is large and is held
at 50s. er pound.
NEW ADVERTIMEMF NTS.
L. .. B URDICK,
General' La n gn.
HAVING beeu Regitter of the United
States Lau oflice for years, I am
prepared to attend promptly to all bus
menaconn"eted with the Land Office at
N besNrº OrJy.ns- ai.l 'Vqn
tit.L( i . 4,. :!7
O#&A1ftw MOpJD (In raria
bl in .) o
. it.  ,,.
Niu aores'tthel and are a d;
in cultivation. The place Is wel it
l4i gaeoe.4
ne ,..
S ndtm, iudaat  ith.
FOl , GRANDUO .AIWONTGrOMERY
c opXAN'8
o ad -fen e
stable,. .ia la oee. .witb
'~to be or toake
0 , , ,,la .. ,, .
UBADAY 84k 5 @a a she
-- A· tPu
~ibi
TTE' O WAl'TER POTABLE
ENGINE.
FIEf'IIVE, simple, ehe.ap no:l en ily
"LU ,mn;oia!, . '+ries, inelwuli.. Ibxi:,l,
delic d on ad o fn to.o i of'i at pini'glitld,
3. t1 ,tse pow e:,, I 'n i ur; nl l i i l.r 4,,u
er coiupilte................. 103,01),
Fol ('or Pithnla'ir o. firth7lr i lforn:tior n
iialhe west., ofir lt City of Natchito.Ih,.,
'Dhi're I have ,, 4n, of the 4 Ihorse power
41'iving a 3') i;n~ Grist Mill, th' n' V0,ou
tun lhiave an ii!:Ir ll,.iiio ls-ration 41f theIl
power at' d elici'czyn of the EUn1ie. ,
W. A. I'ON 1ER, to
Aug. 28. 2in. Agent.
tl
NOTICE.
W ILLIS OLMES Esq., is my Agent or
:and will represent ime during my at
absence, C. L. WALMSLEY. yt
Aug. 28-tf.of
Send for catalogue, price 1I1, later,, &Cr., ,
-TO- at
JOHN ALCOTT,, .
MARSIIALI Texas. P
Traveling Agent for ba
A. SUMNER & CO., St. Louis. o,
Ia
WE INVITE cor- ec
respon:dence front to
any one Il inlllg a
PIANO or ORGAN. R
and think we can at
: . !o if e r inducements tit
not to be equeaded. Satisfaction guaran- "l
teed.
There is no surer sign of civilization do
and refinement in a honus1hold than a p
PIANO AND ORCAN, li
cheaper for cash than ever oftbfed before
or at hetter figures on long timne and easy ol
installments to siit purchasers. fr
* There is no necessity longer waiting to I
secure a first class PIANO or ORGAN if rt
you need a satiflctory instrument, and to
have not full means at command, write 0;
us for catalogue and termls. The well o0
known house of A. SUIMNER & CO., St. 81
Louis. will guarantee to sell better in- at
struments at lower fignres than any oth- al
er house North or South, having conluand tl
of itunense capital and years of experi- IN
ence in the PIANO busine.ss, buying ex
tcniively on a e:ash hia.is, can sell lower f
thaul any competing house. i
* Correspondenice of close buyers solici
ted. , c;
Most liberal terns offered to Churches, d
Lodt. OGranges iiid Teachers.
To Contractors. o
QIDS for building 16x18 box cabins on
Lake Jericho plantation solicited by
J. C. TRICHEL.
LOST,
A PROMISORY NOTE drawn by A V.
Carter and payable to the order of
J. J. Herbert, dated about the lt of
May last f|r nindty tilliirs.
Persons are cautioned not tootrado for
same as a duplicate note will be given.
Aug. 14-tt JoilN J. II;.mlcT..
TO CONTRACTORS.
I)ROPOSALS will be reeived up to the
1st of September next, for the delive
ry of telegraph poles along the line of
the N. 0. Pacitic Railway Co., between
Alexaundria and Natchitoehes, and thellne
I to Marshall; thirty poles to the mile, dis
tribflted 1t equal distaznce, each tw~nty- .
flive feet it length, six inehle diuimleter at
top aud eight inches at thl butt, of sound
cypre,:ss. Address,
THE Louisi NA T'EI.EtIaI'I I Co., r
58 'Catlp St., New Orleans, La.
PURNISaHED ROOMS. I
-BY
JULES LACALS.
No 70 St. Luis St.,,New Orleans.
Near Antolne's Restaurant and Adjoining the a
STATE HOUSE.
IIS LONG experience in such business
[i warrants him asking of his friends a i
share of patronago. Charges moderate.,
Jnly 31-6nm. .
GRAPES! GRAPES!
T offer *Ai- Oms Cttingus of im
imiproved native varieties, at the fol
lowing prices:
Concord at 1 75 per dozen, or 912 00
Sper hundred, fully tested.
Ray's Vietoria $1 50 per dozen, or
$10 00 per hndred, not fully tested.
I am testing other native varieties, and
as they prove valuable in my loclity
and soil, will propagate them.
Orders can be left with M. H. Carver,
Esq., in the city of Natchitoehes, or with
ahrself.at tl~e Village of Allenn; pariah-of
Natchitocmlies.
SI will deliver the cuttings on or about
the 20th of January, 1876, at my resi
dence, or at M. H. Carver's, as desired.
SIn all eases cash on delivery.
I send a few bunches of each kind to
Mr. Jas. H Coagrove, Editor of the Vin
Sdicator, that persons wishing may see
; and examine for themselves. I guaran
1. tee thea delivered true to name.
Every .mily typt owns an acre of
-' land or has tle jinttql of a garden,
should plant gralpes for their own con
sumption, as the expense and labor is so
Slittle compared with the luxury and
Sprofit received in return, when rightly
cultivated, pruned and trained. I recom
mend the pulrchase of A. 8. Fuller's
Grape Culturist which can be had of Jan.
Ht- . Hummel, Editaqf Our Home Jour
Snal, New Orlealihi1i 50). In chapter
15, page 129 to 144, incluseive, will be
found full and plain instructions for
pruning and trainmIng. I would, howev
er, give more distancuee to the vine than
he recommends, owing to difference in
climate. I would plant in rows nine
feet wide and ten feet in the drill, so as
n to gived moret 1PhI ttu the vine, and a
r- betterecirealdtiu of ljr. ;
i This system is called the "Double Arm
,; System, and seems well adapted to the
bh Southb, and is highly recommended by
SC. C. Langdon, of Mobile, Ala, an old
and relialde nurtserymnn, whom I con
sider very high authority.
- A. o. JORDAN.
Aug. 7.-tt
'UROM the undersigned at the .4
' mouth of Flat River in this
parish, on Friday, July 16th,
! 1875. A bay horse, 15 hands high, about
ten years old. Branded on the left
shoulder O, with a mark acroes it. Has
a sink in forehead. I will give ten dol
lare reward for his delivery at my place
or Mii. BRI well, ou RedRiver. _
Aug. 21.-A4t.
C L. WALML3T. *L. , WALMu1iT.
C. L. WALMSLEY & CO,
COTTON FAICTORSIB
IS-i; llLG OIltlItON 8 SIIAITI.
?,rd d t. ...w Orham, a. ' •
LAND! LAND ! LAND!
A '?are Opportunity Offerad to
I n
dne scriblrd 1arccis oif land oIn th lidberal
terms se.t fi'th Ihlow: a
(One tract of 378 acres, titiuatet twelve
miles south cost of tie city of Natchiil.o- t
ethe, and about one mile west- of Ohl
River. Two hundriedl acresa dll(er ferce,
one hunilred and fifty acren open aiid C
about one hundred in cultivation this
year. The other implroSvelments consilstlt
.f four or five log cabins, ginl ald press ; ll
small orch:rd, with a spring of fine
water. Good steam saw mill within four
mile of the place. I will sell this pla nce
at ten dollars per acre, one sixth cash, r
the balance in 1, 2 3, 4, and five years, ti
without interest. Four-fifths of this
place is fin, fresh alluvial river soil, and f
will yield 40 to 50 bushels of corn or a a
bale of cotton to the acre
Adjoining the above, I have 5831 acres A
of the samne character of umimproved
land, whic! I will sell at 5S per :ere, inll
equal anuial installments, without il- l
telest.
I also have 320 acres situated between 1
Red River and Bayou Pierre, about six o
niles from the city of Natchitoehtes, all ill
Bine river bottoim land, what is termed ce
"lincklshot" land, two hnudred acres open, In
gill, c:bins and fences almost entirely cel
destroyed. I will sell this plhce for $5
per acre, C:Ish, or $8 per acre, one-fifthll
e~nth, the balauce in five equal annual in- ,al
stalhnents, without interest. it
I have still another tract of 132 acres be
ofgood level hill land, situated one mile
from the alhove described place, andd in m
mediately on the Grand Ecore and Texas
road, live miles from the city of Natcli- 1)
toches, land well timbered with pine, it
oak and hickory. Improvement consist
of donle log dwelling house, log kitchen, is
sulake-honse, small orchard of figs, plunms a
and peaIhes, 12 to 15 acres ofopen land, of
all the huildings. a little out of repair,
though occupied this year. On this place A
is an Inexhaustile well of thie linest p
water in the parish. I will sell this place a
for $600).00, one third cash, the balance
ill one and two years. witlhout int rest. S
To purchasers wishing to make larger ti
cash payments, I will make liberal de- ,
dllction from the ahlove prices.
There is no excuse for any man being s,
without a home of his own ; my tertms I
are so liberal that tile annul payments pl
only amount to a small rental.
S. H. CARVER, tl
April 10-1y. Natchitoches, La. pI
il
Tile Id'OBITE II0!Ie REMEDY,
A
will enlally an hoar of "l li.ring still
Sa dollar in ant ti
fter r ort Yea' il iti still
receiigt h most nualiaied tetno
Is inently a Family Medcinend it; and by °
I'or all diseadyses oftore ivuriaStomc res n
Thwill save iptomay of Liver Copf larint are I
Af itter ver Forty Years' trial iti still;
recePain in the mck, Sides or Jnlints, tetimle
nials to its virtues from e1 Sour Stom-he
iachi Loes of caracter a; Iowlnd alternasie-il .
Elcostive nlt.lysici Headolle;d i as the cf
1ll1mery, with a(1infnl sensation of hav
,Foirit, all diseasesw appearance of te Liver, Stoaci
Si and Spleen., a r Cough often m i
oThmet Simnptes omany of Liver Complaint are om
a bittendr or bd tiseaste in thers vermh; few;
Pain in the BaLivrck, Sithdes ora Joints, of ten i
body ista gen foerally the seatis; of the disease,
ferach; Longs of Appetite; owls and Death will en
ly costive ad lattte, Headache; Loss, Colic,
SomDepressionmy of Sirithese sypour toms,
Harttend the disease,, .at others very few;
but the CLivert, Puthe largest organd Be. tFmi-e
body, is gMerally the iseat of the World iase,
and if not uared nly t , great sf
i ering, J wretcIed.ess and Death COill en
For DyspMacoa, Consta., iation, Jaundice,
Price, $1.00. Sold by all Druggists.
March 27, 187M5.-ly.
SNO COMPROMISE!II
r. 1 .:hn cb Clo.,
Fnorr 8nnrRr,
E- A RE OFFERING THEIR LARGE AND
lo Select stock of
DRY GOODS,
- GROCERIES,
S HARDWARE,
*5- BOOTS,
r SHOES,
b HATS,
r CAPS,
&c., &c.
n At New York Cash Prices
o Come early and secure bargains.
a Remember thile house, I KAHN & (CO.,
and that all GOODS are at COST Price.
m March 13-6m.
SDIsTRICT OF LOUISIANA,
At ltehittehes thetl day of May,'75. (
' T'lii'tnld ifn'ed herebyj gives notice of
hi.appoiutment as assignee of TImTHrY
- IActor, in the Pariah: of Natoehitoche
a*.dSta. oflOtisiana. i'thin said Dis
.tfet, who has )eesi.aJnged a Bankrupt
ipon his o Peltition by the District
Uoart of said DTstriet.
iR E. BU1RKE,
ut Assignee, &c.
ol- Corper Front Jefreatson St.ets.
. ,. --GDBtCIE, r-
I.ARDwARE,
Sand GeODeral Merchandi.
Bargas offered to Caul cottmers
i ,JulylO--ly.
A p oi ltWOI ttilc and 1Cil:ham.il 'of 4aluricitn
.tC, Tat: t!e
TIHE AUtT JORN.X.IL 4)F A! .!;.... t\.
.1, U,'EDP, OXT'ILY.
1 tt
The l, neere':ity of a Iopullu Ietlhiin for '
the re pr. n'ut;,hll n li e'of the ilrodu,;tiolns of
our great artis"ts. hals aiways been rev',)g
nized, and 111:ly 1alle, ulpts have Ibeen
nal;le to lliie:.t tthe W:lIIt. 'TIhi scce.sive
failliures whi'h so, inrvnrilay followed '.'"h :
attempt in this country to estahlia.h an
art journal, did not prove the indiffur
cnce of tile people of Atimeica to the P'
claims of high art. So soon as a proper
alprei atio: of the want n:td sn aliilty
to meet it. w:ter; s!how.v, the public Ut
oa(e Iralli~ed with enathiusiasm to i.8s bup
port. and the result wa a great artistic el
and eoulnlercial trilunlh--THE ALI)INE. Si
THlE AT.I)INE, while issued with all the
regularity. has none of the temporary or C
timely interest chllaracteristic of ordinary
pe.'i diels. It is an eleglant miscellany
of pure, lighlit and graceful lileratire; and
a collection of pictures, the rarest spcci
nlelIS of artistic skill. in black and white.
Although each succeeding numnher :aflords
a fresh pleasure to its friends, the real
value and beauty of the Arne will lie
most appr;'ciatedl after it hlasheen bound
np at the close of the year. While other
journals ImayIV claim sulperior clheapness, as
comupared with ri :alt of a similar class,
the AliNI'Et is a unique and original eon
(ception-alone and nnapproached -bso- 5
lately without cOlpeihlitionn in price or
character. The possessor of a comiplete
volume cannot duplicato the qtuant!ty of
fine paper and enigravings in any other
shape or nuulllber of volunies lilr ten times q
its cost; and then, there is the Chromo
1,besides!
National feature of TIlE ALDINE
must lie taken in no ITalrrow cnse. True P
nrt is cosnuopolitan. While TIIE AL
l)INE is a strictly Ale'rican institiution,
it does not conline itself entirely to thle
reprodul.tion of native art. Its inission
is to cultivate a lroad and appreciative
art taste, one tflihat will discriminate only
on. grounds of intrinsic merit. Thuts,
while placing liefote the patronl of THE
ALDINEI, as a lenading characteritie, fhe
productions of the most noted American C
artists, attention will ldways be riven to
specimens frinm forreign ihmsters, giving U
subscribers all tlhe pleasure an!d int re- ti
tion obtainable fromn home or foreign
sources.
The artistic illnstration of Ameriean
scenery, original with THE ALDINE, is II
an imitortant feature, and its magnificent nl
Spl'ates are of a size more appropriate to al
the satisfactory treatment of details
than can be afforde~l by any inferior ii
page. The judicious interspersion of 11
landscape, marine, figure, and animal
subjects, sustain an unabated" interest, It
ilnmpossihle where the scope of the work M
coilfines the artist too closely to a single it
style of subject. The literature of THE
ALDINE is a light end graceful accom- te
panimnent, worthy of the artistic fea
tures, with only such technical disqrisi- P
tions as do not interfere with the popu
lar interest-of the work.
Premium for 1875.
Every subscriber for 1875 will receive
a beautiful portrait, in oil colors, of the A
same noble dog whose picture in a for
mner issue attracted so much attention,
"M.A"8 UNISELFISHi FRIEND"
will lie a welcome in every home. Eve
rybody loves such a dog, alid the portrait
is executed so tritue to the life, that it
seems the veritalble presence of the ani
Snll itself. The Rev. T. De Witt Tal
lllell: tells that his own Newfoundland
dog (the finesnt in Brooklyn, barks at it!
Although so natunral, no one who sees
Sthis pretmium chromo will have ther
slightest fear of hieing bitten. ii
I Besides the chrmne, every advancee
sn scrliler to THE ALDINE for 1875 is
e const ituted a memlbr, and entitled to
all the privileges of I
THE ALDINE ART UNIQN.
I The Union owns the originals of all
THE ALDINEE'pictnres, which, witlh a
Sother paintlings and engravings. are to
; e distribu'ed among thie Immbers. To
11 every series of 5.000 subscribers, 100 dif
- ferelnt pieces, valued at over $2,500 are
- distributed as soon as tile series is full,
f and the awards of each series as made,
- are to be pnblishlled in the next succeed
itg issue of THE ALDINE. This fea
Sture only applies to esthlsacribers who pay
e for one year in advance. Fall particu i
rlars in circular isent on applieation on
closing a stmnlp."
STERMS:' ' .
One Subscription, entitting to TIIE
AL DINl one eare, the Ohromo
- asJ dl Art IoRn
, $O,0'0 per annum, in advance.
No charge for postage.
Specimen Copics of TIlE ALDI)E, 50 eta.
The Aw)LDE will hereafter blie obtainable
billy by subscription. There will be no
reduced or club rate; cash for subscrip
tions mnust be sent to tile publishers direct,
or handed to the local canvaaser, without
. responsibility to the punblishers, only iln
eases where the certificate is given, bear
ing the fiac-simndile signature of James
Suttolln, President
SC.AXVAsSEIsWtNED.-Any person who
wishes to act permlanently as a local can
vasser, will receive fall and prompt in
ormnation by applying fo
' lIE ALDINE JCOtPANY,
58 Maiden Iane, NEW YORK
MARTIN & SMIT,
-S T E A M
SAW XMILL -
Sii miles soth of thecit of :btchitoes
. PRIC .'. -
Ath Ipea M .......$3..0 to
I., ieliverOd in town, per M..........00
S(TE TAKE pleasure in informing the
SV publie that we ar, prepared to take
COqTRACTS to buid cabiins, furnsihlug
therefor, lIanlPrt, aterit ad tabefr, at
very low rates.
IW galery, 14x1f8 feet, complete, shin.
ae' gl od fot n (br $195.I)
BOs- :0TTU E 0,£l~lfeue, wUi
ler,, cole0teApLt up t tr t10 0. l
t Planters ad ther irtthle' t otheir
interest to give ns a call.
"Onlessltsr at this offlee or with Louis
lupleli, will ameOet with prlompt )tten
- tion.
I~"gOrdersleft with Mr. K. Smith, at
Willis HIolmet' will meet with pronlpt
att utt tou . .. . . dMIT
April 10- ly.
$'100 REWARD.
ARI WAftD of ONE iBUl3DRED dol
Slars is otfeed by time congregation
ofthe Benha ' Israel of Natehitoches, for
the arrest lld eouvictiou of the murder
l f M., Young, who was killed Lnear
Ccshatts, or for inlforfatioin whiek will
ra binug themto Jnutice. JACB
Aug. 7-tf, President.
illigi _ B9Ok.
W'+ would ':c11l Ile a t lelin ni+t of 'T'cth
.·+a, * ohl m lht ers iiattrst+.ds in lliuie. to
the folllwing woirks, i e bring the belst of
their class:
MUSIAL CHIMES. !
A "w ('lss lBooi; for l"tials Vt~.oi,.
Prics Le 9per duo::en S;itleti' ceoeis, tiail :
edu, l1st paid, oln ITrceipt p1 1.4
FAIRY ECHOES.
A Chlns-hllook for Chihlren. Used in Ii
:ll tli pr'incipal Publie Scholhs. Pric',
$6 per dozen. Saulples copies assailed, t,
post-paid, olt receipt of 75 eta. I
SONG i0ECHO.
The Most Pi:p+ular School Singing Book Li
ever lublished. Price T7..50 par dozen tc
Sanmple COllies mailed, pmt-paid, on re- Q
ceipt of 75 ets. ti
Address, J. L. PETERS, `'
843 IBroadmreay, N. Y.
'JTIAMIMELL'S it
-S T E A M
SAW MILL To
(Five Miles from Natchitodls.) e
50.000 Feet of Lumber for Sale. ij
TERMS: a'
Floml 5 to 10 Dollars, (according to a
qnality) per M. at thel Mill.
Delivered in Natchitoches, at .$ll i
per M.
Mnsch 27.-ly. ol
1875. AGAIN ! 1875 `"
ti
ill
LOUISVILLE WEEKLY tl
COURIER JOURNAL A
Contilnues for theo preseºt year its liberal gi
arrangemeiut, whereby, on the 31st of 0i
Decerlber, 1875, it will distribute iupar- el
tinily among its subse'ibers,
In presents. comprising Greenbacks and v
nearly one thousand useful and beautiful
articles. Al
The Conrier-Jonrnal is a long-estab- i
lished, live. wide-awake, progressive,
neway, bright and spicy paper. It
No other paper otters such indneemlents l
to sulscribers and club agents Circulars '
with full particulars and specimenl cop- e
ies sent free oni application.
Ternms, $2.00 a year anid liberal offers ri
to clubs.
Address, W. N HALDEMAN, P
Pres. Courier Journal Co., Louisville, Ky "
THE . a
WEEKLY ENQUIRER,
A Paper for the People, a Friend of the
Farmer and Industrial Classes,
A BEAUTIFUL 'I
NEW CHROMO
ENTITLED
"Perry' Victory'!" '
Gi'ren to everg $2 00Sdscriber.
TbhiA picture represents Coin. oliver H. Per
ry In t ie act of pausing frl'o otne ship teaan.ther
in a small open boat, dlriag the heat of baptle,
,ueposed to the ie r of the enemy. t
It leasure l by *} IuchesL 5
Is artlisticeally finished in thirteeli colors iand is t
undoubtedly the meet desirable chromeo ever
offered as a premium. Sinagle espies of it sell at
$3 00. We have at a great outlay secured the F
exclusive control andl sale of it, and therefore
Sare enabled to present it to our patrons as shove.
The ETxqusvlR stll tands pro enainuet as a
firt class Newspaper. Its variois dopartments
allotted to
Editorials, Hmoyrone,
,Arilcultre, Poetry,
SCorreapontdence, Tclegraphic
Anwd'(lkueral New.
SAll give evldence of the care nd pains taken
Sto supply it sa readers with all the news ial a
Svariety of readlug that cannot Ifail to interest 1
eael sad every nuembe eof the houleholn a ub. 1
scribe through our agents or send direct to nu.
We desiro anll agent at every Post Officee. and
where none are yet appinrel, let soume of our
' friends apply for the pagency.
Addroes
FARUNA IcLWIAN, Publishers,
CINCINbNATI, O.
The Saturday Evening Post.
The Oldest and Best Story Paper Pub
Slislhed.
e Founded August 4, A. D. 1821.
SFor moire than half a century the
, Saturday Evening Poust hls been the
SGREAT LITERARY WEEKLY,
. of the Country, antld has ever Iborne all
a widesprea4 and nubleusiashe repitationu
for tle unsurpan"ed purity, refinement
o and excelleice of the Serials, Sketebes
. and Mitscellaeoullse readuig raattor.
It is proe-eminently
The Best: Family Paper
that ispubllishled in thiscontry, from its
never containing anything that would
offend the feelings of any one, either in
a religions or political senS, or that
could not be read at any fireside withoot;
objection frolm the most fastidious.
The circalation of the Saturday Even
ing Pout, through not quite so large
perhaps, as its younger contemporaries,
is not, like that of some of theml, flacta
Ssting, and too otten short -livedu , but
SURE SOLID AND SUBSTAXTIAL,
bat'sed upon the intrinsio merit of the p.
per itself and not depelndent srn any ex
) traneoua influenoes, MreL as the pepalari
Sty of individual writers, &e..:
Good, however, as the intunrday Even.
he ing Pouet has been in the pst, it is olur
co intention to make it still bettesin the
ig jfuture, and with this object in view we
at will eset a malrked iaprovemsnt in eve
ry deprtmelt eof tue paper, and will
call to our sasistanes writers of admitted
ability and known repautation.
. BIly increasing its fnrer attnractions,
and adding many judieios sadl pIa.
1. ing novelties, by studyiung how tO phle
and enltivate th populr taste, by I.
ir ere sa adustry and enterprise, and by
enlarged facilitioes, we hope to nusake uew
a friends with each antid every ieane, and
n. continue to maintain the claim of the
Satarday Evenig Poet to its title oaTliT
at OLosT asn TUl. nEsT of Faoily Story
t Papers.
Terms to aSubsorbers:
Oe year I copy $3,0, One month 95
" 2 copies 5.00 Two months 50
" 4 copies I1.00 Three me. 7,
S 9 copies 20.00 Four. mro l0O
1- To any one selding $20 for a Clib of
on 9, an additional copy will be sent FIEE.
or Specimen copies can Ie had on appl
r- callo. -We Employ snoTraveling Agents.
!r 4ll communications must be addressed to
i R J. C. WALKEII, Propietor,
727 Walnnt 8treet,
. I~lil. %.Idtj~.!.! .
* TiHE ILL'S~'TRATEDL
OI' BIOLD I1GI 0 .
* WITT WillIIl 1HINCORPOR.LTED)
10 MI 'BI HIM1
It is tlo, intention of the concnlletors of
this Mag;lziine to still ferther maihke it :,
m' id.l .t' literary and m.chanical excel
II'ex, and. with this view. no advantage
'\ i h1e :.r!leet | .1.hi' h i itlher tialent ,,r
capital r;ani.coiilland to renedel each i
IIPe :lo nugree;ilIe :lad iastrnetive erouipen
Ilittll lt
PCTOPi'LAI IEADINO.
lts pages will bie deeted to 1,epno)pur
litelratu'e, iW.ielner, art, edciealtit andi SN
ciitl dcv.'lhpucent. Its lharacteristie fi- n
ture is conuprelhetsiveini The wsut:
s'cripts Low on h:and, and others espie'ia -
Iv engageI., embrace anll unusually altrae
tive list of keseriptive Sketches of Tra'
el, Serial Stories, Tales P'oems, Papers on
Sc;ieloc and Art, Popular Esayae, Narra
tives, literuaty Grticticdus, Faashion, etc..
together with a variety of able and in
tresting articles upon the Important
Questions of the Day. A large proper
tion of th"-- articles, esperially those des
criptive of travel, will be
'ROI'USELY ILLUSTRATED.
The pictorial embellishments of the
Magazine hereafter constituting one of
its most attractive features.
The purpose of the Publisher. is to fur
ni.sh a periodlical which shall be instrue
tive in The Household, The Library awlni
The RIeading Room, giving an abundance
of entertaining and p-linmlar litersture
and infornmation for both old and young,
carrying light, comfort and good nattdre
into every family, and making it aseep
table for the whole Household-Ehther
and mother, boys and girls, young sesn
and young women.
The Illustratedolousehold Magazine
intelndbes several Distinct Departments,
each under competent and efficient man
agenmeut, viz:
1. Sketches-consisting of Descriptions
of Travel and Adventure, Serial Stories,
Tales and Narratives, lavishly and ap
propriately illnstrated.
2. tMiscellany--made up of brilliant ex
tracts from new book., highly entertain
ing sketches of notable persons And
things from the best Foreign Publics
tions, Poems and Papers on Science and
Art.
3. Editorial Department-in which is
given brilliant essays upon a wide range
of subjects; social topics dienmsse and
current incidents and doings glanced at.
•4. Fashion Ikepartment=-containing a
romnale of the Paris, London and New
York Fashions, illustrated with engra
vings of the latest styles.
5. Literary Notes-devoted to reviews
and criticisms of new books and general
information.
6. Children's Department-firniadlng
instruction and entortainment to the
Boys and Girls, and those older people
who have voung hearts. It is emlieliab.
ed with high class illnstrationu of
Natural History, Wonderful Scenery sna
rare incidents.
7. Hostekeeper's Department -coe
prising information and recipes, mnay of
which are original and published for the
first time, all collected from the mast
authentic sonrees.
It will be the constant aim of the
Househeold PubIlshing Company to sake
THE ILIUSTRATED ]OUSEROLD)
MAGAZINE in the fature, as Waod's
Household Magazine has bees it the
lI.5t,
TIHE BEST DOLLAR MONTILY PUlB
LISHED,.
sparing neither efiort, trouble nor ex
pense in securing the Best Writers as
contributors, and the Best Artistdto pro
duce illustrations to enrich he pages.
AGENTS WANTED.
We require a good, faithfil Agent in
every town throglut the United States
sad Cands, who will earmestlym gs. in
the hbsinems of procuring sabsodrs
not for a few days or a moutholy, hait
peran.nenflt wils t 6a s determlntoen
to canvass thoraoghly sad earuihUy the
entire ueld selected, amprorhag every ol
portuity to realise all thast ca pssibly
Ie made from the introduction of the
Mag azine.
Our Pruemslam ad Chkrbbiry List
Soffer great landneements fair workling in
oar behalf. Schools and Chaurehs have
here an unusual opportunity to proenre
c Musical hInstrumeuts from the Ibest asMa
ufacturers, with cemiaratively slight
exertions. Artisea, Professioni Men
and Student. may gratify their literars
Stastes Iby ordering from time Clubbing
iList. ehil'dren may earn mnd own alny
long dceired artiles by obtaiaing the
few subscribers requirel.
. TEWRMS: ·....
Y BRRLY 8UBB IrPTION *1.00.
Specimen Copies msiled, poet-paid, to,
any address upon6 receipt ofTen Cents.
The losstage within the United St tes
is Tedl Ceiatit ear, which maet be for
warded with t~he suheeriptionm, as the
nKw Postal Law squiring the I '
ment of all magazines by publlisu'
themselves, insteasl of elsubsceribers, eom
Spole as to collect the postage in advance.
Send for Cirnulars containing rates ot
conmmission and indenaentes to eanvasm
sere. and the Iremium said Clubbing
a Insts
at THE 'YOSB.VITB VALLEY.
We onitijue to o~r this ceebrateelt
Oil Chromn in comnection with tihe 11
lustrated lulshold Magazine, fuirsh
ing thelut to our sMbscriers uponatlh
,followinUg very generous trms:
Id With lowenial Chreoe, *3.00. U.
In mousned Ctrouo, $1.50.
The' Mounated Chrmano is delivered at
our elret, or by cauvaeers, or berted and
s eut by express at subscriber's expense
e r sent by nail pain receipt of Tweut.
Cents eCtra for postage. The Unmoqnt
Sedrlnso isseut fue by mail.
All ecommuncatiess must be addmi aeP
HOLOUSEHOLI) PUBLISHING CO.,
41 P~k Row, New York.'
Sm aployamzent-MI*,
wqunen sid agents, we have Jnust what
,n. y'ou eed Our 911 Mounted Conlros
r outsell anything ia the market. Mr Per
he sons write: "I struck eutyeusrday, mud
Sby w,*-king easy four house, elearl .
e A lady laswut aported her profits fo
ij the lbrenoo u i; yesterdsy up to b
j o'clock she si _lea070. We cats pier
beyond queetio thaist one saget erdea.,
s, 5,6000 of thee ehrma s in. eliv worlk
. ing 4ay'S We have the largest and mae.;
s esprtmeat i. the United States; bus
,. dredshofhelee suleets from which t.,
hy select. Wewsll selie ana.sorted ls,
, of the sut selling fee of charge on re
Sd elpts of $f1M. Send lit your ordlers o
ho giveu a ealL Sapleesbyumail rc.,o.
Ip 12 for Sl.
cry 1;;! TON5 FRMEB AND CHL.OO C.
191 Washingtum St., B.ostm Mass.
P. O. Box 9s1.
a-R
I Get your printing done a;
the VYuDi1icATro Job Office.