OFFICIAL
Paper of the Pariah and City of Natchitoches
JAo. NI. COStROYE, .. Editor.
SATURDAY, - - - APRIL 20, 1878.
Feeling Bad. an
A number of our contemporaries ag
who did all in their power, which tl
was not great, to aid the legislature Pa
in thwarting the will of the people, th
are evidently alarmed at the move
ments of the Radical politicians in
their respective localities.
These journals, ignorantly or cor
ruptly, have pursued a proper policy
calculated to destroy their own party,
and, after creating the ruins, are now
trying to whistle down the tangible e0
ghost of the enemy that has appeared '
to wander through its old haunts.
For our part, we have sanctioned
no measure, advocated no policy
save that which would directly or P
remotely benefit our party. We con Al
rider the principles of Democracy to st
be essential to the happiness and l
welfare of the citizens of Louisiana, 91
and we know them to be inseparable "
from his constitutional liberty. Hence n
we have stoutly resisted every mea;s
ure, and they have been innumerable, f,
which a set of implicable dreamers, ti
or shrewd, corrupt men have injected *
into the policy of the party in this f
commonwealth during the past sev
enteen months.
The fruits of the policy of "afilia- O
tion, compromise and Conservatism" e
-a mispomer and a fraud-are, from e
the tone of those journals to which
we refer, ripening; and, as usual, we
are to gather, in misery, a crop of I
demented Independents, or full-blown
Radicals.
Of course, gentlemen, the Radicals
and negroes are preparing to capture
the State; but-did you not tell the y
people that Radicalism and niggerism
was dead I Is not this live and kick- "
ing enemy, whose dark and devious I
ways you are alarmed at and com
plain of, the corpse of iniquity slain '
in manly contest in 1876, and galvan
ised to life and activity by a year of
political trickery and bargaining I
You can't whistle this creature of
your own handiwork down the wind. t
It confronts as armed with your short. o
comings, and mailed with your idiot
ic policy.
Have you thought of your respon- t
sibility should Radicalism succeed in
wresting our State from the hands of
its people? We tell you that the
chances for such a calamity are in
the game. Should it be the misfor
tune of our people to have to submit
to even four years more of the past
awful ten, we can truthfully say, and
it is no self satisfaction either, that
our humble efforts were exerted to
avert it. Had these now thoroughly
frightened journalists learned wisdom
from suckling babes they would have
been easier in conscience and firmer t
in courage than their now alarmed
expressions show them to be.
Pablie Schools.
The New Orleans Times says re
ports from the country addressed to
the superintendent of public educa
tion indicate a lamentable depression
in the school funds, and in many of
tihe parishes it is feared that public
schools will remain open bat three
months in the year. The police juries
have been extremely remiss in this
respect, several failing to make any
appropriation, and in consequence
pupils are limited to the State ap
portionment, which is 74 cents for
eacb--I Shreveport Times.
The New Orleans Times talks as if
the "police juries" had bushels of
money at their command to "appro
priate." Every dollar of the monies
colleoted from our people is required
for -"court expenses." The way to
have provided for a school revenue
wasto have forced the payment of
the poll tax, by making it a prere
quisite to registration. That was in
the power of the Legislatare and if
pulbhe schools are to be closed up let
the blame rest where it belongs.
How It Is.
Demoerats, in war or trouble, the
only fellows to save the State. Is
peace sent to the rear in order not to
offend Blaine-or Bayes.
"Old fellows, we are prepared to
admit that the State owes every thing
it is to you, but-we think it had
policy to pay. In the mean time
well have ip a few old line Whigs,
some colored men--"to watch," and
a hoat of Conservative friends-"by
reason of that fact."
The New Orleans Democrat notiees
thabt one or two "country contempo
raries" have assailed it for its attacks
upon the legislature. We hope our
friMends of the Dmoseat will not lose
heart thereat and cease their good
work, for there are sereral "country
eontemporame" inn Louisiansa that, in
the couse of their jourdatlestic life,
have been a terror to every object,
av.e-the enemiy. Our friend Tomp
Idesa of tihe Mthdeo Democrst calls
them "usnady papers;" that is, they
prS:tegIfe when Democratic'pap
*as to bersbeee.
jocalvd prevIously, 41006 baleh.
~se-l
THE FIRST TALLY H10!
The New Orleans Times, reclgnizd '1
as the organ of every elemeut in the Sta
State opposed to Demllocracy, sounds ure
the first note for the Conservatives in tio:
the "hunt of 78." It says in sub- opi
stance, that if the Democratic State pol
Convention, which assembles this too
year, endorses the General Assembly Dei
and approves the amendments as col
against a Constitutional Convention, vie
then the success of the anti-Radical del
party is certain, while if they do not St:
so endorse, there is much danger that pal
the Radical party will carry the State. ph
Our friends will perceive the gist of Co
this talk, and they will -not le sur- thi
prised at it, for all this and more has pn
been pointed out by the VINIrCATOR git
some time since. its
Tihe game of the "Conservative el- so
ement" is a deep one, and its hitherto co
success has emboldened them to play
it with less endeavor to cover their Pe
real purpose than ever before. Tile q
Times has unwittingly uncovered the shl
r play too soon. Cutting the figure of b3
speech used by the "organ" down to th
n stripped english, it means to say, that th
1 unless the D)emocratic party loads it- s
self with the General Assembly, takes L
e up Charley hloward and his co-part- m
e nership rings, repudiates the people, at
in refusing to sanction their demand e1
for a Constitutional C(onvention, stul- In
tifies its record of honesty by endor- it
sd ing the compounding of felonies-in
s fact turns back on its principles, old i,
es tile government, then the Conserv d1
atives may go over to the Radicals "in C(
order to secure the payment of the hoar- r(
est debt of Louisiana, whrlich the DI)emo- t
crats desire to repudiate !''
No Democrat desires tile repudia- i
tion of the honest debt of Louisiana, t
f and the charge comes in had taste
from those men who, by their acts for aI
the past twelve months, have shown cl
is themselv'es but little better than Rad- h
e ical plunderers of the preceding eight %
e years.
The "Conservative element" can- V
not make capital out of that cry.-- d
iThey must hunt something more
"sentimental" in order to reach the
n popular hearLt. d
And then to threaten us with a ti
I return of Radical rule! The people di
of this commonwealth are not to be et
frightened by the bray of the jackal, of
f for they have been bred to the roar of be
the lion. They know to whom they w
owe even the present cessation of o1
" Radical rule, this breathing spell as it ti
were. It was not to the efforts or st- at
terances of any "Conservative" who t
f now dins the public ear with an ac- la
count of his many virtues in which he w
1e "is not like other men." ti
I For our part, if it comes to the is
sue made by the Times why we'll"
Stake thie Democratic party rand let the o
d Cobservatives and the Radicals scram- tl
ble it out.
The people propose to have a Dem
ocratic State Government or else the cm
Republicans can take charge.
m On that issue we are ready to meet a
'the Times and its cohorts. Our advice d
r to themn is to save their wind and de- to
d pend on muscle. They must either c
submit to Democratic dictum or go a
where their company is more conge
nial, and appreciated to a higher de- a
Sgree-to the radical camp.:
n A "large and enthusiastic" meeting
f in the city of Monroe, Onachita par
Sish, endorse the Nicholls government. t
, Well, is it to be supposed they would 4
is denounce it? As between Kellogg- I
o Warmrthe' eight years reign and i
e the Nicholls government, we all "en- r
dorse" the latter, but as between
"promnises and results"-ah! our very
if veneration for the party bids us hold
of our peace.
SOld man Flirrius on Bitter Creek,
d ward 19, says: A man whate no ole
Sline Whlig or West Pinter, haint got
Sno chance in this State no how. Flir
of vins, you're "kerrect !" I
in European Notes.
let 1 seem that the r'eply of the Rus
siat Minister to Lord Salisbury's
note has had the effect of putting
England's action in a bad attitae. The I
following is about the feeling in Eu
e rope:
h The Russian government by dies
to cussing in its answer to Lord Salis
bury's objections raised by him on
every point of the treaty, has prac
Stibilly established a discusseion of the
g whole treaty and thus shown how
ad small a foundation the British ob.
me jections had. If congress meets there
will be no objection to a full discus
s mion, but the submission of the trea
d ty implies an aset which no independ
by eoce over England least of all would
aduit.
The Journal de St. Petersburg re
e viewing the opinions of the foreign
press upon Prince Gortechakofi's re
po* ply concludes as follows: The real
ks desire of Raussia to bring about a
ur peaceful solution of the existing dif
fieulties meets with ouniversal recog
nition. The British government must
now abandon its purely negative at
try ti291iither by inviting the powers
in to assemble for common negotiations
fe or by proposing solutions which the
Brltii cabinet might wish to sub
4eta aitiu for the treaty of San 8efano.
p- Should the powers find a compromise
als Russia would sillingly participate in
ha discnussion and modify thie treaty.
ey uch solution shoold not, however,
Pp nulhfy the remts gained by Rus
sian tblood but take into account her
sacrifice.
61. Ven~te has her bridge of sighs:
SSt. Louis her bridge of use, one poet
ical, the other praneial and in the
latter pla.e is manufahetured that val
oahe tosaJ IcHome Stomach Bitters.
THE REAl ('Ai't J.
ithete are lmany giootl ""'t" in thi
State ho xv ll, irmll v I lit.ve l,,,i Ih . fI'l'
Ire to caill a ('uI tii R itl'tional ('I'i~o vt; A
tioni wais the lit it of a differen'ice tof
opinion a:is to the wisdorn of such a ol
policy '-it this timle."' They were Inevle h
mnore miistaken. The New' Orleans iitl
DeCliocr(lt lilhas given Ilie tldeti s ils e I(,
combination that was formed by th I i 1
vicious elements in New Orleans to catn
defeat the will of the people of' the act
State, and to stultify tile 1)enioeratic of
party in the matter of its expiressed "an
pledges to th le people. "The Lottery "
Comlpanyi anrd otlher monopolies,'says Mr
the Dem, ocratt, "and a halnd of unsrl- in
pulous speculators, to control the Le- dei
gislatuire of this State anld to shalpe i
its action to suit their dishonest per- .
sonal interests, fotrnicd this' illntnious o:
comnbination," coltinlles this journal : i
"These intelests were simply tIhe se
pecuniary protit they sought to ac- isc
quire from thle manipulation of the l
ma.iket value of State Conso!s. We
showed how cunningly they econtrived !a
F by means of the power and control '
they exercised over a large Iunimber of' pl
lmembers of the Legislature, to keep
the public mind in a state of anxious no
aispetnse as to the Ipolicy by which the' r
Legislature would be guided in the
matter of a constitutional convention A'
and other important measures, and 01
with .what cold-blooded cynicistm they
even dared to Iope tie Demoeralt ý
- might be inlduced to falter in th(e fight fo
it was waging, and artfuilly be led in
to a passive support of their specnla- I
tive rings. Oar exposure of tlis base ti
intligue poured a flood of light upon a
die mystery that had enshronded the in
Scourse of what was supposed to be am
reform people's Legislature, and made OH
our readers ntlderstiand the nature of l
tilthe unseen bullt irresistible power elr
which controlled and guided that
body against the interest of the peo- ci
ple. 1)o any of them wonder now of
that, knowing the true nature of the pi
0 secrtt motive power which kept busily Vi
r at work in the midst of a Legislature a"
cn harged by their constituents with the il
holy mission of reforming odious abu- pt
see and removing intolerable burdens,
we did not hesitate to denounce the
treason that stood patent to our eyes?
We think not, nor are they likely to
differ with us in our estimate of the in
epersons who aided and abetted our cl
recreant legislators in their rascally s
e schemes, and are at this moment
deeply engaged in the same specula i
n tire enterprise.
The theory of this ring was that the in
defeat of the call for a constitutional la
convention, coupled with the passage
of the Mottett bill, would send State t
f bonds up to 90 or 95 cents. Filled oi
with the idea of solemnly realizing a to
large profit, though curt off from all il
opportunity of turning their legisla
t tive functions to persolnal advantage, Ct
- after the manner of former Legishi
tures, the members who joined the lh
ring entered into the speculation we
- have referred to,. It is estimated by
e well informed persons that, in addi. t
tion to the three hundred thousand is
_ dollars of bonds which were held for at
them by their co-conspirators at from
' 80 to 84 cents on the dollar, they held
0 on limargins made up of all the money
- they could scrape together, not less en
than $500,000 of consols. el
Our readers are familiar with tihe
Soccurrences in thie Legislatutre. The t
e call for a constitutional convention
was defeated; thie Moffett bill became a
t a law, though in an emasculated con- a
Sditlon; the revenue and assessing and (
Scollecting bills, which were calcula
- ted to vastly improve thie financial
r condition of the State, were passed, 5
o and there was no sound financial real- b
son why bonds that were worth eigh- ,,
ty-four before the passage of these
acts should not have commanded aP
higher figure. But whilst these legis- a
lative speculators were revelling in
the anticipated enjoyment of their
Sprofits, the Democrat inrngerated a
Svigorous and systematic attack upon a
t. thie monopolists ab'd their creatures, r
.d divulging as much of their corrupt
Spurposet as it was then able to dis
cover. This policy resulted in forc
ing the Lottery Company and other
- monopolies to direct all of their ener
m gies to the protection of their own
r threatened existence, and weakened
them to that extent in their struggle
d to control the bond market. On the
other hand, as we have since learned, I
the brokers who had contracted tot
k, deliver the bonds were casting about
e for some means of saving themselves
and making a handsome turn at the
t expense of their co-workers. Wheth
r- er by design or accident, this oppor
tunity was soon found in. a proposi
tion to tax the bonds of the State.
Immediately the cry was raised by all
those who were "short" of bonds that
this was a step towards repudiation.
5- Telegrams were sent flying through
's out the country to this effect; Caron
delst street was in a fever of excite
ment, and although the action of the
e legislative committee was reconsider
- ed within a short time, the bonds sud- 1
denly declined, calls for margins were
made upon our legislative speculators
who could not respond, and they wete
i rapidly sold out at the falling figures,
Snot only losing their anticipated prof- I
its, but also yielding up to Caronde- 1
Slet street the margins deposited by
them. As each unfortunate was sac
ri8ficed, the market price of the bonds
Sfell lower and lower, until many hol
Sders of our consols, who had invested
their means in these securities be
eause of their faith in an honest ad
ministration of the government, were
also carried under and suffered losses
- to the extent of hundreds of thousands
g of dollqrs.
al From this the people will readily
a perceive that tlhose gods, whom they
if- worshipped as the "pure and nude
I filed," were, some of them at least,
. susceptible of the se "peculiar influ,
rs ences" which have debauched public
t morals and men of this age to such a
Ib- fearful extent. Enough of the "easy
no. element" was found, which, combined
is . with negrops and radicals, the rings,
t in the manner and for the purposes
ty. cited by the Democrat, eused to defeat
s the project of a Constitutinal Con
her ventipn.
No amount of campaign "buncomb"
ean or will excuse thie mnembers of the
Slate General Assembly for their fail
tre ton obey the will of the people, and
al- It is better for party unity they lshould
i. naot attempt it.
.lo- J,..'r44lati d a Btlind Ilseiple of
isaac Walton,
Ill..ia Nn-aaz' lhial.
A I'-w weeks since, Mri. John Robert
'on4 and 1)it Dudley Avery, paid a visit
to thllr gneat aitor at ol'range Island. Mr.
Rl t.l'rtson, inot finding the proprietor at
his hoiei.' walked to the hanksI of th'
lh e:i  lld there siaw liii a1 i!parentliy ºni
'ily ownpkirl A feiw Yard, out in lthe
Ike as a V i t, in v:hiieih w'ere setdil
ail aged nl''ro nil 11d a small boy. roll; l
inl h:and ii d lines dil:nglin in the placid t'irel
water. tllookilng overl th° shouldl'r of thll' h L,
actol', hir Tio tel'tsonl notiil ic l a sheet of alit
lapier iand : pilu ii, witlh : eravyonl skitctli l:
of the l M 'rn flliitlini sCet'ine'lV and til'he hol t u
and occnpantls all jiii' coiieohntd ailt 1l e te
Iioni i'lt of1 his arri'val
'"i'OU .1'ni to be i leasai ly':ii ore:'phil 11t
Nih'. Jetltersonli ." saidhel intrude'r.
' Yes, sir'." saidillh : thil l, "I an , I\"
in ]possesion of a sketch frolm whic'h I ,
ilesi;gnil 1:16 1 a h\nh l soi i lin 1 itir''e plaint- rc
eld."' Allbout this time )I Mr. Aver''l'y cae tl1
11,, and the itor addressini'ig the old ne
gro, saidi: "Do lthel fish hit well, 4l11 lt,
11 1111.' \V Ii
'The party add"el'sed iurned his e'4 ta:k
in the direition f.nrm w'hich tle sound th"
s4eeted1l to eomlie, aind reldi'd, "Ni 5:4 44l'
ise hil t'ishin' a:tll dis ye'ai', and iinit 'catch ',;
bult one fish."
Thiis seemed to strike the great nltor
a.s a r4 nallrklllle' illst tlre of patil'ence l 11111
peiSevi.ralnc under diffitulties. "Yonll
lmust indellledl' have a wonderful i'degree of tit
patience,"' said hle to the o141 i4an.4.
"Well, sirt, I am toll old to ciork nom\,t
and 1may hle d1 fish will hite hibettelr iy
me by "
At this stagel of the convel'saitim, Mir.
Avery remliarkl'd to Mr. Jefferson th it tile
Sold Bnlul had been blild til' maliiy yeat's,
and that in fair we:ither it was the ls
tom of the little boy, his ('con it4iiiol, to
tlead hit too hil' ink,' an4d bait. his hlooiks
for him while fishing.
The' kind hearted d'eliineator of "Rip
V'1an Winklei'" mused for a iioent, alnd tal
then said to A r. Avery, "Yo'n4 wi ill do i t
i a great tifavor now if von will llhave the old Nt
i man seliit to New Oirleans, that his eyes
Inmay lie operate'd 41' on by 1r'. Beard.- - l
spare no expllens, for I wish to hiave his
sight restorled, if lpossible', and hope that
he imay yet he spar'ed for manllliy years to
Senijoy his favorite p:istimu.'"
SThel o ld blindl fishe'imann is now in the P'
city of New O rlelans, uiidr' the t'',reateilt
Sot'f the imost skillful oc'rlists, 4and will
probably 1e able to drinik in, through the
Svisual nierve, all the leatties of nature,
1and( all throughl the kindness of a whit.e
man lie hadl never s.een and had no clans
e upon. other than those that arise from
pure benevolence.
SOME ADVICE.
The recent failuresoif Cotton Houses o
e in New Orleans demoinstrate's con- l
r elusively the fact thliat 110no more in
secure depository for earnings canl lie
found than these same houses. wI
Planters everywhere are complai
ing that by these failures they have
Slost the profits of years of tlil, and in
e the wisdoni oif an hour they vocifer
I onsly demand tilhe enactment of laws
Sto protect their deposits. We heart- t4
pl
ily symathize with the farmer but we P
cannot applaud his remedy. ,
- It seems that since the negro slave ,
Shas been lost as an investment our
Sfarmers do not know what to do with
their surplus earnings. They blind- ti
d ly refuse to learn that good interest
Sand safe security is at home for all
the cash they have to invest. Their
farms and plantations can be improv
ed by ditchiug and fencing; by the
erection of barns, ont-houses, gins,
mills and residences; by the introduc
tion of grasses, grains, stock, &c; u
and yet when they have earned, by
- stint and heard labor, a thousand dol
d lars or so, their first and only idea is
to rush it into the hands of a commis
Ii 0
sion merchant in New Orleans, when,
1 by the application of a little common
sense, it would pay themi a hundred
per cent more to invest it, in the
. manner we have indicated, at home
Our people must learn that it will
r take means to improve this country, '
and which meaus must come from the
, profits upon our agricultural invest
t ments. They may not learn this fact
at once, but a few more such terrible
lessons as these of which we speak
. will go far towards teaching them.
n Instead of clamoring for laws to
d punish commission merchants for fail
ing with "farmers' balances" in their
d, hands, and not paying it over to
o them, it would be better to enact laws
t to compel farmers and planters to in
vest their earnings upon the soil from
- which they acquire it.
Planters have no one to blame but
themselves, and when they exercise a
little common prudence, these "city
failuies" won't hurt them much.
. Every indication points to the issue
- upon which the Republicans propose
- to enter and hope to carry the Fall 1
elections. The revamping of the "re
bellion," the "bloody shirt," and the
e Confedetate claims, are known to be
r the prominent features for the com
ing canvass. Such being the fact, it
F. seems as if all the gush and brass
- band hilarity of last Summer has
b been thrown away.
Hayes' policy endorsed, even to
1l releasing Anderson, and no peace
ed yet! Ye God's, how's this?
d- A Fearless Press.
as A healthy evidence of the fact that
Id the Democracy intends to keep her
officials in the right groove is the
outspoken independence of the Dem
ocratic press throughout the State.
I The Radical press uplield their offi
e- cials whether right or wrong. The
st Democratic press never has and nev
er will do so foolish a thing as to
support an unworthy and corrupt
l14 public official.. Forrunalely for the
a Democracy throughout the State
there is not a single case on record
where one of her officers has proved
recreant t the trusts reposed in him
P by his party. It is true, some have
es committed minor blunders for which
at they have been criticized by their
own party press, but to their honor
and the credit- of their party, their
trivial faults were not of the heart.
b" Baton Rouge Advocate.
an- Birds of a Feather.
[Indianapolis Sentinel.]
Pinehback and J. Madison Wells
d d were the gunets of R. B. Hayes last
week. Birds of a feather," &c.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS. A
VEGETINE
('hills, X hakes,
1 1E,'E rI .t NrI) .A (I U, ,:.
)r. 11l. Ia i S '.: (
D.,:1 Sir.-1 i I ill .i neatlil ti'fr whatl yllr
valt .I. n.e ,diellt', \ "_' . i}.. hl a ,t d m. i4 n iny
f it: ly. l1 1i 11h 4 t1 4x res4 my thk1 ( i by i i
11n.r Pil l r t I t . wIt 1 n4 derl4'dl (c1. 'II. ot f lt l j liii .4
al.o, h' let . n ll .w ln il \'e,'ii.' is the best
nIlldieil'e I ever saw t4.1 (hI414. i:h.ak,'1, 11'1ever
atllt A mle. v sil tl tt;it s si( t it hll i tash s inI
17:1. which left hin with 1 11jint Ilis"as4 fly
tiii sitttll. d it tI t-i;t heal Ii*f 1 tit: . all -f I'4e tiln4 1;
h111' p1'i was so4 4 ' T:It II,' di t I1o li {,ll i' .' 1
T'ht1 dtit..l rs t ditllH t help' h4 im t it a rl el . Iii.
te hil n t lift his tI. t . 1.411 the i l', . he 1 'n14
g1-t ;le( v withlioti n1ll t' , ,1 s. 14 II4 l.r a
\erltisE t ilnt il l he " Lmuit il;l' C t'trier-'4 ittrl. "
I't 1'e inl w1 :ls 1 I ,O4.'l. 114.4 - n1 t i't i ait 1 41
r tlhel t b tilit. ' l' -.1 14 t. with lhe 4, dip11 1
: iAndy nea lD e ilhit.H hoi
fhes in , a11 :n11 d 1. i. s 1 i-4 , 1 el'. i 'ly 1 e4:.11'.d ti 1
eth l lllh. lk, w lk t'i lltho n c hli'ttle io I n,. lie i1
twitllV I' ul"ti I till' 4 1I ha1 II Vo(n 'I , :ionll .
lilti itn i t,11 age, ; i' it s11 at oj lic r ( hills.
11he4t4e1 r hl feel4 ua; fi. he enures il.
taik-.iol drise f Viet, ,lii II and that is the lIst oft'
the ('h ill. Vl. eget e S. i, . F. PEtI S ll.
t4h systeml likeIlY ofill , , llithlle ine(l. 1 elli
4nI Ilen 1ed f tr C 1bills. I l,.e-rf lly ( l' i nl41l4 l dki .
\'eg'tlinte lhrs: eh emio plaiints I thinki it isl l I
relint Andliine in the wumat sml.
I t. es. S ll'te I , Ats. J. W . -I OY) .
V.iEl.l.--When the bloun hn es liti has.4
and slltag H antll. itheli, I fn1 i4haige ofl ;l Ilil, -i tr
of cli late, wilit of **\ retCei.. irre, 1ular dlet, III
the bl1o0. c'ent)' tfliti' ftrid humor1111. aud tke'
the 4tl1ae llsn regulate thounhstel4. to hi'palta
tll1l (af vi lr to the nd piliall rolly.
VEGETINE
I. FOR
DISPEP SIA, NERVOUSNESS,
And G nerail Debility.
hIIIgti l f t' tll t , Mat . Ists 1 .
We, the undrsiried, hbainu used. Vei"tine,
take pleasure in reonuenlldiig it to all lths.
troubledl wit h illunir of alliy kind sl.pielplsia,
ilviinsuess, lo illtetilael liehility, it being the
ireati . i it t'1d Purir. Sold by R. Lt. Cro well &
lns who' sell n14 1 i'i t ior ihatt ; all other patent
nwdi ine put togetPIr- *
Wilitl.
M.RS, L. F PERKINS.
M RS. I . SS('1"1'.
JOSEPII'S SALATE.
\'#, isTi is the treat helith reMstrer-cun-
plsed .'exisively of'harks, roots, and herbs. It
Is very pleasnti to take ; every child likes I.
VEGETINE
FOR
NERVOUS HEADACHE
And Rheumatism.
Cis1'lXNATI,0., April 9, 19177.
11. R. Stevens, Esq.:
Dear Sir.-.1 have used you r Vegetine for Ner
v4lons Headache, and also for Rtheumnatism, and
have tfuid entire relief from buth, and take
great pleasure in recommending it. to all who
may be likewise attlhited.
FRIED. A.GOI)D.
I1N Mill tit., ('inn.
VI.Ev,;Ie hias restored thousands to health
who had been long and painful s1iterers.
VEGETINE
Druggists' Testinony.
Mr. H. R. Stevens:
Phear Sir,--We have been selling your renmdy
the Vegetine, for about three years, and take
pleasure in reeoiuneiding it to our unltomers.
and in no instaneo where a hlooil pnritier would
reach the ease, has it ever failed to effect a cure,
toour knowledge. It ceatlinly is the tie phut
pultra of renovators.
E. 31, SIIEPIIERI) & CO. Druggists.
Mt. Vernon, I1.
Is ackunwledged by all classes of people to he
the best and most reliable bood pnritier in the
PREPARED BY
Vegetine is Sold by All Druggists.
BAFFLE.
1R. ErLISANrI)lO GARZA will raf
L fle, for the benefit of the children
of Elisandro Garza Esq., dec'd.
A IIANI)SOME GOL1)
WATCH, CHAIN & BRACELET
TICKETS ONE DOLLAR EACH
Which can he had at this Office, and at
Phoenix 8aloon,
298 Sahloon,
L. Cartel's Saloon.
M. H. Carver's.
McCook & lhro's
T. Schunan's, and
Levy & Phillips.
Raffle to take place on
.May 1Sth.
DIleases of the EYE and EAR.
nr. C0. BE -L.AR ,
OCULIST AND) AURIST.
142 Canal St. New Orleans, La.
Hours from 9:30 to 3:30.
April 20.-tf.
TAX NOTICE.
STATE TAX COLLECTOR'S OFFICE,
Natchitoches, March 28th, 1878.
rl HE public are hereby notified that I
1. am now prepared to collect State and
Parish Taxes and Licenses now due.
The following discounts are allowed by
law on taxes paid during
April 3 iter cent on Tax Bill
May 2 "
June 1 " " I
L. N. LANE.
March 30-ti State Tax Collector.
E. BAKER,
S EE]>m1D B N,
No 7 Camp Street, New Orleans.
rRESH, PURE AND RELIABLE Gar
1 den and Flower seeds sent by mail to
any address, postage paid.
Also a full stock ornamental trees,
plants and roses.
All Stock strictly First-class.
p" Everything for the Garden. 't
April 6-1m.
S. 1,M ANN,
APOTHECARY & DRUGGIST.
-DI.ALER IN
CItEMICALS,
PERFUMERY,
Fancy. Articles &c.,
FRONT STREET,
Natchitoches, La.
VF Perseriptions carefully iprepared
at all hours.
TERMS MODERATE.
Feb. 23.-ly.
1 L~Zar di DIX1JGZuE
LIQUBI1I 1I113H1A1 TS8
Fine: andi Coniaicen br:uldts 11t"
IMPJRTED AND D39 ESIIC CIGARS
No. U I;EVEE S'IREE'I',
SI I I, I-" I I
ýI:I _ i- t: 11`\'I~ t1
Pen 'oiis S`lscel, ,: \"i Icli gbw/ex, 1.i'.
.Jl (1l I'' h I 11 i 1 : 1 l li l l
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS..
NOTICE.
Ngeces.iton qf Trulrclin Atelojyer. ' i
T ''AVIA l 1,('O T'1'1" :alduhnli traltio,.
having \ ill'ed in the ('hrk's. Ofihe of 11
the P'arish of Natc itoclu.s, let tiual ae- I
count f1' adminidtrathon with lhhleau l( it
debtis, &c., with her petition plraiyin.ig , 11
their holologation anld her dichal'rg 11
from'l s aid ad i l listtlration. All Iniousl.
interested are uotified to shlow callse'
within thn days lirom this publication.
why said p:'ayr shouhl mot he granted.
W. 11. TI'NNAI l).
April 20. 21. Chlrk of'Colrt.
SsririP Sale.
Jterome S.'rple and Neristin Mttoyer vs. 17
WVii. Hi. boullt. ti
1is1
I)Y virtue of a writ of se.izure and sale lii
in the abo\ve entitled suit and to we I).
directed, I have seized and will oller firs
salc to the Itast and highest. bidder. at
the door of the Court Holuse ill the cil
aillll parish of Natchitoches on
Saturday, l8th dlay of May, I178,
the following described prolp'rty 'to wit: -
A cerltin lot of groundl in the town
and parish of Natchitoches, with the
dwelling house and inlproveiments Ithere
on, said lot liting on the North side of St
l)enis street, fronting on said street,
bounded East bly the lot belonging to dI
Theodore $chuman, West by Third street 01
purchased bIy Mine. Desirir Ith'rtzog from so
D)r. T'hurlbr, and purchased by defend- al
ant at Succession sale of Mine. Desirir Wi
Ilertzog, to satisfy the vendors privilege ac
and spllecial mortgage onil said lu'oplery.
Terms of Sale.
CASH--with the ienefit of apprasement
1). II. BOULLT, Jou.
April 13-6t Sheriff. D
Sheriff's Sale.
Casparb& Deitrich vs. N. F. l)arnell.
Parish Court-No. 1f692. si
CY VIRTUE of a writ of seizure and tb
sale in the above entitled and numn- t
ered suanit and to nie directed, I have ar
seized and will offer for sale to the last
and highest bidder, at the door of the
Court house, in the' ity all parish of th
Natchitoches, on
Saturda,!, the 4th day of May, 1878, en
the following property, to-wit: :c
Lots Nos. 13, 14, 15, 21 and 22, situated "'
in Springville, near the city of Natchito
ches, with all the building and improve- dl
ments thereon, being the same acquired R
by the defendant N. F Darnell, from the pI
Corporation of Natchitoeches, on the 7th B
day of October, 1871. L
Also lot No. 12, near the Pump Spring, "
being the sanme acquired by the defendant t,
N. F. Darnell, from Elizabeth Devinney,
with all the building and imprfovements
thereon.
Terms of Sale :
On a credit of twelve imu:,ths, the pur" 11
chaser to execute his twelve months N
bond for the purchase price, with good.
security in suhdo, and to be further se- tl
cured by special mortgage on the pro- Il
perty sold, said bond to bear eight per ii
cent interest from day of sale. fi
D. H. BOUI44T, Jr. ri
April 13 ide Sheriff. i
SHERIFF'S SALE. b
Caspari & Dietrich vs. John J. A. Martin e
District Court., No. 8169. a
B Y virtue of a writ of Fi. Fa. issued fl
S in the above entitled and numbered A
suit, and to me directed, I have seized F
and will offer for sale to the last and I
highest bidder, at the door of the Court a
Hlouse in the city and parish of Natchito
ches, on
Saturday, the 4th day! of May, 1878, 8
the following described property to-wit:
The north west quarter of north
east quarter of north west quIarter, seC
tion 4, township 8, range 8, contains 81
1 91-100 acres,
South east quarter of north east rlquar
ter, section 4, township 8, range 9, con
taining 40 96-100 acres.
North west quarter of south east quar
ter, section 4, township 8, rmange 8, con
tains 40 96-100 acres.
South west quarter of south east quar
ter, section 33, township 9, range 8, con
taining in the agtgregate 24144 100 acrea.
Also north west quarter of north east
- quarter of section 15, township 7, range 1
8, containing 39 77-100 acres.
Also the whole of sotuth west quarter
of south east quarter, section 4, town- C
ship 8, range 8, containing 40 96 100
Sacres..
Also north east quarter of sonth west
quarter, section 4, township 8, range 8,
Scontaining 40 acres.
North east quarter of north west quar
Ster and north west quarter of north
west quarter of section 19, township 8,
range 8, containing 79 53-100 acres, to
gether with all the buildings and in
provemnents thereon.
Also 250 bushells of corn, more or less.
26 head of iHos, more or less.
3000 feet of lumber, more or less.
. Ternts of Sale :
On a credit of twelve months, the pur
chaser to execute his twelve month bond
for the purchase price, with good seen
rity in solido, and to be further secured
by special mortgage on the property sold,
slid bond to hear eight per cent interest
from day of sale.
D. H. BOULLT, Ja..
April 13.-ti. Sheriff.
NOTICE.
Saccessioa of Chas Emile Sompa.yrac.
*s I RS. Marie Clarisee Sompayrac, survi
.L ving widow of Charles Emile 8om
payrae having applied for the adminis
trationt of the Successionof Charles Emile
Sompayrae, deceased. Notice is hereby
given to all whom it may concern to show
ed cause within ten days from this date
why the application of the pitsitioner
should not be granted.
P. A. SIMMONS,
April 13-2t Pariah Judge.
lOFlFICIAI. ]
ULiT'I' OF JURORSL
I r:iwn for th,, .hitJe Tenrm, IR79,of the
17th Judicial District Court, in and for
the i'arish of Natchitjochlst, state of
Louiki:inn:, in aerordane with law.
First Week of (ourt
be:ginning Monday. June :1d, 1878.
1 'T'. 1). Black, IS iehnry Gnila
2 W'... .Turne;. 27 John (i reedlov
:I W. C. Powell, 2" EA Sona.V
4 S. R. rWalker, z9 G W lailes,'r
5 Adolphe Vienne, 30 1, ( M'jise,
C (. T. Chaler, :11 EP 'Corhitt
7 Ox,.. Brosset, 22 PT 1'rndhoni.me
%liver i"redicii., :1:1W W Pie, '
, M . I' rlUctriuisse,Il Th'o. Hertag
ili A. .1. Lestlage, ; 11 8 Prothro,
I1 .1oli liise:. :Ii A C Sullivan
12 F. If. iHowe. :17 J N Hendrick5,
1: . N S tCox 1I It ii oot,'
11 I' C Suittioni, :t9 .Inn (Gilce;ii,
l , ..1 i'.-te. 1 Lar:ilV'tte Roºg'l
I N;ricc (h.elettrai' ,l .1 11 StephllpenS
17 11 (' lRieh:l, .Ir..t2 ,inek Thilta leaxli,
S1 ; I Selt. It: A V ('artr,
1It lsae Kahli. 1 A I) i) 'ainklrlS
S V lB ('ox, 4.5 li) lat'rl th
21 TI' 1 Mil,ea in. 4i 1; Airhart
21 (i V Brownii 47 NIV T .1 H1ainiy,
. J .Iis aricelli, 4+' W .i ('nriry,
21 A',l'r,d )ixonll, .1 1; \17 JNwlo lln,
S( IE Trichel, +; (io. Izernolwk.
Se'coid Week of (ourl,
iheginnilg Mnll.ll, lJunte Itl, h1?l.
I .1 , i reeh dlove, 111 h(11ry liing 'h ,
"2 J.:colb l ievy. 17 .1 N iihi) J oin n
:1T E l ',,well, Is Edit l'lhillip,
I I':itrick 'otll', I'i rlahin lrbaihal,
.'' Thel 'lire ic Ia ul 211 ,lias K Ma:rtin
tl .1 '1' lKin . 21 liHetv 'l} Tucker,
7 ,. A lPrnidhoiiiuni .2 Mtt is Mhicelli
r ll'lnysky Colson . ".:t islie l Meills,
II .Inno Keitlt r. 24 I , ' raitiizi,
IlII A .1 'laniche, 225 J F Wagley,
I1 .Jneis .Jhiisoii, 21 ' W t Mciarahati,
i J 1) Whaeehs, 27 S 1 bendy,'
1 i ll loln ienL', + l liietps..y Craig
11 (; ' lGreen, 2:' U(I; riI H loines,,
1. E St A Prudhtiiu-:t:o R N uiike.,
Iil',
Si .. I'II if lo l IArl.tXA,
Parish i'.f Nacihilicheil,
Clerk's Oftice.
I cert lv tihe ablove to hle a triu ild
eorrect lcopy of tlihe original V'eilre
drawnit for tihe .uinllie Teria, 1K78, of the
17th .Jdtcial District (onirt. in andiet
the Parish of Niichiioches, State of 1*
isiant, by thie duly lalitfied Jury Coia.
nishioler.s, oin the 'tlh), day of April, A.
D. 1575.
Witness my hand a ll.il l
Sial seal at. Natchitihlj ,
L.S. La., on this, 10th dnay
,- April. A. 1)., 1878
W. it. 'UNNARI),
April l13. Clerk, District Court.
NOTIC('E.
Succession qf Thomas Basco.
7 EI.IA ST. ANDRE, ailhiniistratrixlt
Athe Succession of '1'honias Bc,
deceased, iiavingi tiled in the Cleri's
Oitlice, her proV lstiiiil account in raid
succession. Notice is hereblly given to
all wholm itl may concern to show caul
r within ten days fromi this date, why ill
account shouill not le homoilogateil.
P. A. SIMMONS,
Apr i 13-2t. Parish .hidge.
SHIERIFF'S SALE.
.Joseph S. Stephens vs. Samuel Paral.
District Coutrt, Parish of Natchiito eh
No. 8144.
B Y virtue of a writ of Fi. PFa. isauld i
the above entitled and ntilinhere
suit and to me directed, I have seizedl
the property of defendant and willtier
for sale to the last and highest heidderet
the door of the Court House in the city
eand liarish of Natchitoches. on
Saturday, 20/ti day of April, 187r i
the following dhserihed propertyii:
A certalin lot or parcel of glirounnlt&ih
Seast side of Washington Street, in th
city (if Natchitoches, having a front ni
r id street of one hundredl and eighly
feet, morie or less, a lnd running backii
depth one hundied feet, more or leit
I Red River. Bounded on the north by
property formerly belonging to Genes t.
Buvens, Oni the soth h by prienperty of C.
L. Walnusley, east tiy the Rkd Riverl at
tiin the West by said Washington stuwee
Stogether with all the buildings auit
provements thereon, and being the mll
Slot on which the said Samuel Parea
has his residence, acquired from Ji
Snells. on the 2d day of M:ay, 19.7, i.
per otairiail Act of sale duly reoiardol i!L
ihe Recorder's oflice of the parih lf
a Natchitoches.
d Also a certain lot oif ground sintateS i
athe city and parish of Natehitchsij h
Sthe west side of Washington s -treet,
rilg a front of ojxe hundred and nIoetin
feet, moreore r lens, on said street, l1M
running hack for depth one hnndredi .
ecighteen feet, more or lena, parallel Ili
- Bonnded on the north, south and wl
by lots of the said Samuniel Paron
SeaIst by Washington street, and lb.
the same lot of ground pnrehaaedl!
.cquired by the said Samuel
d froml Mrs. Adeline Campbell, by pnbli~
d Act of sale before A. E. Lelmee, Notul:
d Public, on the 15th day of Febrila
d 1872, together with all the buildil
t and improvements thereon.
Terms of Sale.
CASH-with the benefit of appui
D. H. BOULLT, V
SMarch 16.-tis. Sherit
SUCCESSION SALE.
Succession of &eliue Deslochla,
DY virtue of an order of the PI#
J) Court in and hnr this parish, .,
will he oflered for sale at public anCi
Saturdal, the 2iath day of April, 1I
at the late residence of the dec'd., ilil
town, the following described liri)FII
to-wit:
Bed, Bedstead, &c., and the followiq
lot of ground situated in the city 5.
r parish of Natchitoches, on Texas 8tA.
coutaining one quarter of an a
more or less, and being the sinae acqu,
by the dec'd., from John S. Coli
act of sale dated 14th of May,
Bounded north by Texas street, .at
property of L. Caspari, sonth by l01
John Genee, and west by vacant lot.
hb Terms of Sale.
CASH-with benefit of apipraidl
I). 11. BOULLT, JE,.
n- March 16 -tds. SberiI
J M. B. TUCKER,
Attorney and Counsellor at L'
OFFICi
St. Denis Street, - ,itchitod4, L
iTILL practice in the District sd I~
Sish Courts of Natchitoches, S1
DaSoto anld Red River, and the SuopF
Court of the State. 4
All business entrusted to his irte
receive prompt attention. Apt
FOR SALE.
NE Second hand Ruggles Jobb, i
Ogood condition. For Tenrme S1"
ap ly to :E. C. PALMER. CO
e' .2 tt New Or ea 1ý
Important Notiee.
IHERE will be a meeting of the
I Ceutral Committee of the
ic party of this parish lon 8ATU jr
April 20th, inst. A full atteudtne
sired as matters of iwtpotui -
considered. M. J. C UNIT
April 6.3t Chairman uimDte