SUPPLEMENT
PEOPLE'S VINDICATOR.
NATCIITOCHES, LA., OCTOBER 19TH, 1878.
erImo bj the Rev. T. J. Hough.
livered last Sabbath in the Protestant
Church in this City.
Reader therefore unto Casar the things
Jat are Casar's; and onto God the
sings that are God's.
Mathew 22-21.
It is a question of great delicacy how
hr the discussion of civil and socnlar af
khis should enter into the ministrations
of the Pulpit, and to settle this q es
iion we have had recourse to the examn
pies of Christ and his Apostles, believing
that their examples were intended as
patterns for us. St. Paul speaking on
the subject of duties to (Goverinment
says, "Let every soul be subj.ct iunto
the higher powrrs, for there is no power
but of Godl ; the powers that be are or
dained of .God; for rulers are not a ter
rr to good works, hut evil"-and Christ
says in the language of our text, "Ren
der therefore under Csar the things that
are Caesar's," or in other words render
nnto the government under which you
live and which protects you the things
that are due to that government.
The christian man in the discharge of
his political, or other ditties, desires to
lie governed hI the Apostle's injunction, 1
"whatsoever you do in word or deed, do
all in the namne of the Iord ,Jesus." This
direction is broad and comprehensive,
and there is no danger of error so long
as we adheret to ti is admonition. But
the christinn muan of to-day tinds the
same ditticulty in arriving at a satisfac
tory conclusion as to his duty, that the
citizens of Elphesus did whenl St. Paul
created lich an excitemenut on account
of their Idolatrous worship, he told them
that "'T'hey were no Glls which were
made with hinds," "and when they heard
these sayings they were lull of wrath,
and cried out saying, t(iatr is Dianna of
the Ephesians." Some therefore, cried
one thing and sonime aother, for the as
semuhly was confused; and the nout part
knew not whereof they were called to
gether." That crowd at Ephesus was
very much like monme of our modlern Po
litical Colnventions. solle metl cry out
for one Ini Nsure and snse for another,
Ulntil thel assemibly beroimes confiused,
antl the greater part of thetm know iot
wlhereof they have' Ireen called togethplr.
And then look at the varios shackds
of po~!itical oplinions, all adhered to with
eqlual zeal, we have Democrats and Re
lublietnsa, Natilnils idi Greenbackers,
Laboringneie and Coinimiaists. all with
their rasndid;tes ill the field at one point
or another. a.nd their orators on the ros
trhun. They have 9s mauny dtlferenut
niews of political .oionloy as there are
parties. ec'h main it:iting his proposition
itu11d delnllllcing all othler itllovemnlOts
Noa. amiied this nmais of apparert con.
fusion, we ask prayerfully for divine
guidance as to our duty as citizens, and
in this, as all other umatters, the will of
God should he I hoe rule of action
We se'e that our text contains its own
natural divisions.
1st. Our dulty to our government.
2nd, Our duty to God.
We shall distcuss the text in the order
presented ; and let us speak first of our
political duties.
The leading doctrine of scripture is
that.gouernmuent is an ordinance of God,
it was manifestly his will that men should
live in society, the laws lie has given to
men prescitihing their relative duties, as
se the permanent existence of social
ations, and therefore place them no
r regulatioin, from this fact the-divine
a pointment of government flows as a
eeessary consequence The origin of
ower is not therefoie froim man, but of
'od. It is not left as a choice to men
hether they will anuhmit'to be governed
r not, "snhi,mit yourself to every ordi
nance of man for the Lord's sake," says
the Apostle.
Human government exists as a neces
sarY evil, it would never have been es
tablished but for nsin. Human govern
ment in estallishled for the purposo of
protecting life, liberty, property ajd
reputaltion. The pireanmble to the Qn
stitution of the United States beautifully
sete forth the purposes of our laws. It
says, "We, the people of the United
States, in order to form a lmore perfeet
Union. establish jn tice, ensure domtestic
tranquility, provide for the conunon de
fence, promote the' general welfare, andl
to secure the blessings of liberty to our
selves and to our posterity, do ordain and
establish this Constitution for the United
States of America." But if all were
christians in truth, and indeed, if all
had the mind and spirit of Christ, no
one wouldl desire to take anothers lift', or
infringe on aml.tlhers lilºerty, or endelavor
nunjustly to obtain another man'11s proper
ty, or to blast the reputation of any
individual. It all were christians these
expells"ve govertnllenlts n11itained y
the outlay of mullions of dollars, and
maintaining thousands of idlers in of
fire, would be abolished, for they would
have 110o mIalln life, liberty, property or
reputation to protect. Prisons would
be unheard of. N, maore taxes wounl ie
exacted, and the millions of dollars that
annually flow into our Treasury from
taxation would remain at holue to beau
tify and adorn our preumises. school hous
es, colleges and churches would he built
and maintained: we would see n1o more
armies marshalled out to shoot (townl
human beings like wild beast of the
forest; the sword would he beaten into
the plow share ; our tabernacles would
be crowded on the Sabbaths by happy
worshippers, sinting and praising God,
and earth would again be an Eden. Blt
this wickedness shuts out this glorious
reign of peace from our borders at pres
ent, and hlman governments with tlleir
strong anrms must exist and hle llainltlll,
ed, and no christian can sit idly by :,I'ld
not perform his share of duty in sup
porting his govrnment.
We enquire then what are our duties
as christian citizens towards our govern
ment, remelmberilng always that the
claims of God's Kingdom should stand
first in all our planes and efuirts; that a
sense of accouzntlability to hiln should
coltrole us in the discharge of all onr
civ I duties; and that we should acknowl
edge the suplremacy of his word as our
rule of action; with these thoughts in
view let us examine specially oar duties.
First: Submission to the civil alt
thorities and obedience to the laws, is
all nperative duty devolving upon eve.
ry citizen. On this subject St. Paul says,
"Let every man be subject to the higher
powers, for there is no power but of Goed.
the powers that be, are ordained of Gual."
Obedience to the *.uthority of civil rulers
here inculcated iby the Apostle, are ren
dered imperative by two considleratioels,
first: without this obedience there ran
Iw no civil governiment, and civil gov
ernnlent s in essential to good society
Second: civil governmenitl since tte fall
of 1man1 is of God, hence, according to
this general principal, he that resisteth
civil authority resisteth the ordinance of
God.
Patriotism or love of coutntry is ex
f pecta' of every citizen, the saute iat
ral tie tIhat binds to the love of ttnlily.
n kindrledt and1 holne, original ies the oblign
tiant :111d suggests the inpnlnes n of ltuati
otisnm, how dleep a:l n;d Vly was thisil
feeling in the heart of the exiled Jiew.
"If I forget thee, O. .Jeirnalem,. let my
r right hand forget her cunniing. If If do
r not renembller thee, let liy tonlget cleave
to the roof of mny mouth; if I prefer nor
Jerusaletu above tmy chief joy." lie is
hot a true man muche less at trte chlris
tii `1 whose solll is so dead to the gee
tolls enotions that lik Ius to kindred
Sand birth-place as never to, exclaim, "this
is mny own tny native land." If Paul
looking back from the world wide scene
d4 his Apostolic labors to his hio: in
S'arsus, could say with evident satikfae
tiof , "1 Iam a citizen of no mean city."
How much more msia we glory int this
u beautiful, fertile, pleasant heritage whichl
it the Ged of the w hole earth has giveln us.
- Patriotism is mtlanifetsted by doing all
1in our power to sustain our institutions
antd promote the prosperity of our com
mon cotlntry. This reqnires of us, Ist,
to give our ipural sllpport to ollr govern
mert. Let us point with piride to onr
free and( inde(pendent constitutionall form
of government, withl its broad principles
of Justice, equity and peace: with its free
s spebach, free press. freo, religion ; with its
eective franchise; with its vast mea
ehinery of Legislative, Executive and
.Jlricial departmielnts of governmenllt,
giving us wholenome lawn; just jndg
mllelits, and strict execution of the Naiime.
In the heat. of jtIsionl we llay conlldemnll
onllr glerulllllllt bit Who Wlt illI excilhange
,ur Presidency fir an Empn ror or ia Czar,
not one who reveres the namie of a
Washington a Jefferson or anl Adams, nlle
of our early statesnmen said 'the time
will coame when thile proudest exclanla
tion of nman will Ie, I am an Americanl."
2nd. It is our lduty tio 'onitribuite our
means towards the support of our gov
ernmelllnt. The Apostle says, "For this
cause paity ye tribuilte also, rendei r there
fore to all their dulies tributle to whlomr
tribute is dale. llustomll to whomxi cilstoIl
is dlaie." Now that our revenuellles are
honestly accouaanted for it should be a
pleasure for our citiztns to contribute
their share of the public expense. andll
thereby Ilaintain the gioveriiinment that
affords thlemn protection ; the wheels of
governmleln llt is on, our Legislative,
Executive anlld Judicial De)partments
llllnst be kept upill, ior we will at onlle siuk
into a state of barlarismn. Let it Iei
knowIn to-day, that no more taxes are, to
Ibe paid in thle Unllited Stat.s, andl thait
consequently lno more laws are to he
IlaltM , or thotse We IoW have eiliatitrced( for
tihe walnt of Officials, Iyou Ily rest as
snired that before anothelr Sabbihlath rolls
airound you woull inot own a dollaill4
worth of plrolperty, sor lie irotected in
your person, It e man that conlid raise the
largest. hIanld of desperiadoes woIlld pu
ess the greatest amounlllt of prloperty ;
you wolllil lie aiordered froml your homlles,
and iphysical force would be itsel inlsteadl
of the nildl remedy of the civil law. Let
every moani then cheerfully pay taxes and
thIrehy "Renlider unto Caswar the things
that aire Casar's."
3rd. It, is our duty to register and
v',te, for these are the means ordhaiined lby
oullr laws wherlbhy we may select suitablle
andl worthy rulers. , Men living in such
a government as this are lhoilld by their
duty to Goal anld to Iliilni, to rendler its
civil instititiolns a hearty piersolnal sup
iprt ; and that, by niot onlly conltrilbutinl
their legal share towards the e!xpens~es of
the State-, but by exercising all thoIse
plrivilegaes throulgh which the citizen
lmay dire-ct the governmlledat. The mlolie
we reftrlec uponll this point., the Ilmore we
are satisfiedl that. it is thei solemnll duty
of every miaan who eljoys the plrotection
of our laswn. to exerci I his righti to vote
for thlose who maIlke tandai excaalute theall
the relatiollna betweeln ls and the state is
as divine anId sacred as the relation be
twelen the prllent andl child. The elec
tive tifranhise is n li lent comilllitted to us,
anlld thei christian should lhe Ile lanst tilain
to hury it. Thlereforei, let every christianll
geltlimaniil, whetlher in the pulpit tr the
plew, regist er anlld vole fr that party
which secures to us the strongest govern
lllllt lld the limost hoilerist admlliinist ra
tioll of pillilic attairs; hlarn wliat party
molt s itirlifctorily accolnts fior the pllb
lic revenuellet, and aftirfls Is t1he mIlost stal
Ile governmeniit, iand vote with theta aund
for themlli. nspliraltionl givsn us the safest.
giiuide at the Iallot hix. "'Moreover, thou
shalt providle out of all the people. able
men, such as fear Godl, meil of truth.
h ting covetoiilSanes, anld plilace such. 'over'
themn, and let t Ihemli judllge the pe1oiple at
all sellaslons." Let. this athnonitiolln be
engrafted into elvery platform anld strictr
ly :adheallredal to, and our political strife 14
will he alit an enld.
4th. It is lthe duty of the christian
ci'izen to responld to his countries call
for arnns. lDoe-s a foreign foe invade olll
shorels i let tlhe freemenatal of Almerica
crolwd the tenteld tields, plid lailunchl* I
ship of war, and wave the bannler oft' ur
cul.ntry on to vi.cotry. Have we domes
tic troublels such :Is hullluan wisdlol has
lieelin unable to legislate iagaiinst I let us
ever lie readily to lirotect our honmes by a
rapidal iresponse to the call of our coolest,
abllest, anlld he Istlen, and protect the ldol
Inletic peace.
No man canll be a chrihtialn anld Ilot love,
holnlor anid isupplort thle coullntry of his nit
tivity, or adtllptionl. Plhyu lautllarophy or
itriOtislm does Ilt I'itraceL tile vciuis of
the iani who refilses to ireslIilnd to the
ilrgeit aiad just daleilalles of Ilis, coulliltr.
i Therelfore, hIlt ilugivc thelir nIirall sup
port t+) the government pay taxes-reg
isterand vote-and defend the ucaintri
-and then will they have carried out
the teaching of our text, "Render there.
tore unto Ca'sar thbe things that are
Caesar's."
But the duty etl.joined of its in the text
does not stop here we arte told in plair
terms to "Render unito God the things
that are God's :' perhaps the carnal mine
would be inclined to cease mediating or
this portion of scripture when we were.
througeeh with our division, that pertaine.
to civil and political duties, but y -u will
please, hear in mind that when you have,
discharged every possible duty as a citi
zen to your goverunment, that you have
complied with hut one' half cf your dnit.
'Render nuto Go-I the things that are
God's."
Int. By giving our moral support to,
the institntions of christianity, and to
all the Ministers annd Churches of God.
regardless of creed or sect." Let us be
ever ready and posted to maintain and
detendl the geneLral d.,etrinens of chris
1ianity.
2nd.i By supporting the institutions of chris
tianity with ocur nicais. God has eonstituted4
cni his Stewards, what we have control of is not
our owi, we. only have the luse of it tier a fee
days, we cfannot carryv an property into the
to, ire- world. acll these landis atld housea anti
this mney)e belongs to God. Man has gone tee
work with his strong areai and brilliant. intel
el:t, and unlocked the gold cavernll in the heart
of thel nmounltains. and dragged thile shininin
pearls andt di:llclondls frome the boseone of the
great deltep. anld whein he' isn alled on tfol funde
ito spport theC ilstittiellns ordained by tc.he
God that made the gold, pearls and diaetcands.
it ill bec.nes hinm to say that he has none toe
spare., for all hie has belonse to the Gotd that
onlly asks for a small part of it. Malachi says:
"Y' have rebbed me, even this whole nation.
'.bring ye all the tithe.s into the store house, that.
there may be meat in mine hollll e, aindl prove
mle now herewith saith the .erd of hlets, if I
will not open to rte te windows- of I-Heaven
and pour you out a blessing, that theree hhalt
,Ilnt he rom-ln enoegh to receive it." Thus Goer
ta'lilenges the nations to support his instilt
tlleens. ind looik lter great blesiings.
3rd. By actively enljoying in his service
Ilhe Kings uecsiniess require haste." "It is
a gecdl thing to be zealoutsly affecrted always in
lis cause. " The world is actively enegaged inl
its tempo.ral affairs the nmerchant, tile lawyer,
the. sattesmlaunu. exhibit a lnever ceasingl activity.
but ihow mucI h emore cho1ild we be interested
and artlive in a matter which pertains to the
salvhation of olur pre-ciocs i cmmortal Holils.
4th. We are also required by God's law te
repent of our sinls. to have faith in our Lord
Jlesus Christ, and to lead a life of holinens,
walking in all the coemmnandmnents and ordi.
nalices of the Lord, blameless.
Now. whcen we have this rendered our dulty
to Giod, by "lendering unto CIsar ,11e the hings
that are I'rs .r a. and unto God the thinlgs that
are Gd l'.e" or in other wordsl. when as chris
tinlt citizens, we have discharged every
known druty to our countiry ,, nd as lovers of
llr maker lhave discharged all our duties to
Godc thenl shall we be happy as individuals, and
blessed as a nation. We will then be in a aitu
at ionl to delvelope th ie rich remoulcres of our coun
try. anti the spreld:lieng institutions of the gos
pel will continue to gather the silver and fold,
anid cattlet, fronm a tlhousand ills into Grod'a
treascrvy, and it will not he long before com
merce herself sheall be transformed into an a.n
gel of the nations. spreadineli her whfte wings
as the beacoln of hope. on every shore, dispens
ing the light of christian civilization from polo
te pole.
I.et ius hay on (God'c .ther this Sablbath morn
ilng a heart melted with I4gratitude for past hies
sings, and wartm with hotpe feit the future, M,
shall we best render unllto God the things that
are God's., and we shall be prepared, amid the
iHlunties of his providelnce to "Render unto
Cawsanr the things tihat arle Cesar's."
The Choice.
The indepetlndllt illc'tllent 'hitA
clme to II head. It wasil all alongll
centered lon the shleriffs ollice alI1( tlH
outIcmcie is, as we pledictedi B-etlouli !
Are Ihe white Ilen in this paIrisl
prepat-red to elect clthit ? We feel
we are insulting themil in asking such
a qllestion. Yet lie is tile choice when
youell step Iueytond the ticket nmIl ntilted
by t he d.leorratic conv ention.
Eve'ry ionle whgo talks of independenta
works for Bollt, acid every one who
scltatces his ticket ocr votes for any
otlher llilan thllil l)toblieut , votes ftu
Boullllt. There is tio tscalpinlg lthat
fitct, and we kltolw tllnt no lvwhie mnan
watlltS lthal.