JAS. H. COSGOOVE, .... Editor.
NATCHITOCHES
SATURDAY - -- - Nov.1 4, 1874.
Advertising Eaten.
c---- --- . "- "---- --
sQIJARF, ? i o o
I square.... 4 00 96 50 1000 $15 00 00
2 squares... 7 00 10 00 15 0 00 2500
3 squares... 1000 13 00 18 00 25 00 30 00
4 squares... 1400 I. 0( 22 00 11 00 3500
A squares... 1700 20 00 X7 00 35 00 40 00
lnqnares... 2000 2400 32 0 4000 4500
7 squares... 2300 27 00 36 00 50 00 7000
gnquarei... 00 300 40 00 65 00 8000
10 squares... 30 35 00 5000 57 0010500
15 squares,.. 4500 60 00 70 00 100 0125 00
20 squares... 6300 8000 9 00 125 00 150 00
Transient advertisements $1.50 per square of
is lines Breoier. first insertion. Each subse
quent insertion 75 cents per square.
Olrb 50J .PIE issulpplled with a
great variety of: type, and work in this depart.
tnnt performed with neatness and at moder.
ate prices.
Terms, CAMIH on delivery of work.
~ates of tSubeription.
One Copy one year ....................4...0.
One Copy six months....................1 50
(Payable hi advance.)
Notice to Contributors.
No communications will be punbished
unless accompanied by the author's real
name. But one side of the sheet to be
written upon when sent to us for iinser
tion.
Articles to be short and to the point,
to have attention.
These are our rnlea'and they must be
striUtly adhered to.
QuE.RT.-If persons from the coun
try will tie their oxen to gallery posts
on Front street, and allow their
horses to walk on the side-walks,
ought not our police to attend to it f
We will say no more of the elec
tions from our State, until we can
give the oMicial count from the Re
turning Board.
The steamer SABINE arrived early
at Grand Ecore Wednesday morning.
Capt. Geo. Hamilton on the roof.
Thanks to her polite agent, Mr. Jules
E. Messi, for a file of late papers.
The speaker of the next House will
not be bothered with the disposition
of Ben Butler.
The last seen of "Coley" Pierson
he was streaking it through the back
part of town, in, company with a U.
S. soldier for parts unknown, or per
laps Myers-Boullt like, to suddenly
turn up in New Orleans."
Gov. Kellogg is very sick with an
attack of Cholera-morbus and Con
servative parishes.-N. 0. Pjc.
We would suggest the remedy to
be broken doses of false returns from
the Board of Canvamsers, administer
ed by Marshal Packard, aided and as
sisted by U. 8. toldiers.
Thursday the 19th day of Novem
bher 1874, has bee~' named by the
Democratic-Copeervative Committee,
as a day for the people to assemble
in their respective places of worship,
"to return thank9 to Almighty God
for their deliverance- from political
bondage." We' will be oh hand and
pray as fervently as any body, and
try afterwards to lave a good dinner.
In fact we would kill a big turkey,
if we had one.
Company CSrd Infantry U. S. Ar
my, Capt. Snider in command; arriv.
ed in our city Wednesday morning
from the steamer Sabine. Many of the
older citizens will remember the 3d
when they were camped here many
years ago' and if wd mistake ndt
Gen'l. Grant was at that time a Lient.
in this gallant command.
The burning of the flags in Sibley's
Lake situated in the rear of our city,
is the annualemployment of the citi
sens loving the sport of duck-shoot.
ing ;while. we iwrite a great dark
column of P eioke si sendii~ ligh up
into the alpoay hazy atsposphere
blackened ad charred pieces of the
flags whieh will be eariedlby ear
rente of air toe iscdible. long di'r
tanoes. Such ple~ ave been seen
and recoglsed pear 8parta, in lisn.
rille parih, a distane of forty-Aver
mile--DeAk-bihters bdr' their flags
but they do natbburn their sipa
Theo last and most reliable reports
froa the. Old Bay 8Sbiiiare old
Batler eead sad b!uieod, with a silver
spoon In hia mouth sad h Credit Mo
bilier bnd by his side. ,
In the year 1872, Geno. Dirx carrited
the State otNewteork ainottnans
jorty of 6,351,. sad now .,Tilden.
beathime over 4oo00o. You pay call
it what yoa peas,'a plilem l io
lution, Democnitid! avalsche! or
anythidg ela.-14. Bloaus I glio.
riou,!
HeMISo 8y.mtpa , wi:1bea the nee
U. 8. Seaeor freaom New York,Jerry
S. Black, A~mri Peslsylvinl 'adt
Gus. enry, the Ekgle oit, from
'tnhnessce.
The Faithful Few, the Un:aith
ful Many.
In our Parish there is a large po
pulation of colored individuals known
as "free mulattos," among whom may
be found 'as good men as could be
found in any community. The best
among them, however, are the older
men who were beliked and highly rep
pected by the whites in good anti
bellum days, a few are yet to be found
and they are not difficult of rcogni
tion. They were raised here and vest
ed with all the rights pertaining to
o citisens, with the exception of exerci
sing the light of voting. They owned
D and enjoyed property as did the
t whites, and some of them acquired
considerable wealth, which was pro
tected for them with all the legal ,safe
guards that any body elses propertyi
was, and every body believed before
they were enfranchised, that they
would vote with honest white people
in their attemps to keep down Radi
cal misrule and political plundereres.
And so they would, if the aforemen
tioned elder portion of them could
have kept the upperhand of the young
er; but these latter had their ambi
tion aroused and they could not be
controled. They flocked to the Rad
ical clubs and swallowed their hor
rible oaths as readily as the most ig
norant negro in the country. The
temptation was too great for thetan and
. they soon imagined themselves as
legislators for the State and even for
r the Nation and perhaps among some
of the extra ambitious dreamy visions
of the presidential chair circulated
through their obfuscated brains. And
the elder men not being able to con
trol the younger, like fools that they
were, went with them. Au so they
continued as a class to vote with the
negro party front 1867' up to 1874,
when the muttering of this revolu
tion began to be heard by them and
they thought it about time to look
around and take a reckoning. So
they did; and very few made up
their minds to come to the side of
honesty and intelligence, and faith
fully did they stand to their promiise.
No threats could frighten them, and
'no offers of rewards could seduce
them-boldly they declared their pur
pose to support the People's party,
and boldly did they do it. They are
well known, these particular few, who
manfully came and assisted in put
ting down dishonesty and the "thiev
ing ring" of this Parish, -and long
will they be remembered for it. We
do not wish to praise them too much
for they did but their duty; and we
simply desire to put'it on record. Now
on the other hand, for the unfaithful
many, what must we say of them f
After promising to give their support
to the People's party, after making
profeesion the most solemn, and mak
ing every onel believe they were hon
peat, yet on the day of election they
either voted with the carpet-baggers
and scalawags or skulked in the bush
es nd wereafraid to come out and
Iproclaim their manhood. They had
so long entertained tlheir ambitious
liopes that it was impossiblelfor them
to rudd tly give them up, and they
maid, "good-by 8tate Legislature,
gooad-by Congress for me and all my
hopes if this negro party fails. r
Not belongingto either clas, stand
ing alone by themsoelves, isolated by
their insignificance, they have in
vited curses front one party and con
tempt from the other; and in future
the only way for them to. regain the
respect and consideration of the bet
ter pprtion of our eitizens, is to go
withthepn, aad in all elections vote
with them, then perhaps, if capable,
some office may be fomod vacant for
theniem and the people would be glad
to reward them. ,'
Four of the prisosera arrested here
by U. S. Deputy Marslal Stockton5
left on Wedne~sday last, on the steam
er ,Sabine 'or New Orleans. All of
them had previously given' d ond b-'
fore Gen'l. P. A. Morse, U. 8. Com
missioner for this district so.that they
tould be allowed to proceed withouat
hliiidrance to the city, and there Jiave
their cases inquired .into. L. N.
Lane, J. H. Cosgreve, W. W. Brea
zeale and Robert W. Taylor, were the
feoart who left thismmorning in compa
ny *lth their lawyers, Col. Win. M.
Levy, W ,H. Jaek, $1. J. Cuning.
ham, Col, R. E. Burke also accomipa
nied them, and our popular fllow
townsman and agreeable merchant,
L4'.aparia, w~p oF the party. Low
sad Martiron givinj bond returned
home totheir busine;ss, a they ate'
considerable sqfferers by their illegal
imprimuitent .,
with the oflce.r .ineoiimmand to know
why Mr. Lane was arrtteed, and we
expect before the authorities get
through with it they will wish they
had not aFrested any of them.
We want to know why Mr. Cos
gro'e the Editorot this paper wasi
arrested, and we have as much right
to know as Gen. Emory.. ..
The Exodus from our Parish.
The Radical carcass not 1ieing able
to furnish pickings for the birds of
prey Qf this parish,, they begin to try
their wings to see if they will bear
them to other scenes and other fields.
The swarming has commenced, and
directly they will sail high into the
atmosphere to look for another dead
body of carrion into which they may
Idip their filthy beaks. From this
parish they go reeking and stinking
with the foul stench of their dirty
work, and it willbe next to impossi
ble for them to find disinfectants
I strong enough to free them from the
disgusting odor.
"Rats abandon a sinking ship"
hence the great 'move among ..the
"birds of a featqier" in tlhis parish.
Their day of ºpok'er has ended for
then in everlasting gloom, and no
sun will ever arise to dispel it, hence
forth they must persue their way in
utter darkness,
In taking a retrospective view of
the last eight years in this Parish
I among the haunts of the?;e v:atnpires,
it is enough to make any onie ick and
grow faint at the enormity of their
crimes, and the inditfferentism of our
ipeople to have stood such unlioly
things for so long a time. Bunt thanks
to all things good, the day haseomne
when such things will not be endured
any longer, and if any of these "birds
of a feathet" are left behind they
must confine their walks to narrow
limits, and feed upon the offal to be
found stowed aiwlay by thelm in the
days of their prosperity.
The people of this parish have en
dured enough to make them risk any
thing to free themselves from the.
presence even of their enemies, and
they are not to be deterred from the
firm resolution they have taken. It
is useless for themn to think about
compromises, conciliations and mo
tives of policy, the control of the af
fairs of this parish together with the.
atiirs of the State, is to go into the
hands of intelligent, honest and capa
ble' men, cost what it may,
When ever brave men bai d them
selves together to attain any particu
lar object, and that object one of the
dearest rights known to freemjien, per
sons should be careful how they stand
in the way of the success of such un
dertakings, for so surely as they do,
they will go down and be lost in the
vortex of ruin and annihilation. ,The
people of tlis iparish have for long
years suffereA, wrongs, and they are
not apt to sob: forget the authors of
these unavenged wrongs,, they are
but human, and nothing super-human
can be expected of them. The deep
and lasting thought is in the breast
of every one, thait the only way to
avoid the risk of a repetition of such
#bings as they have suffered, is for
ever to free themselves of the pres
ence of these evil doers in our midst,
Do not suppose for a moment that
the partial success of the late elece
tions will satisfy thermor mrke them
less vigilant. The work, has just be
grn and ,.*ey w$1,,never, never stop
short of complete and undoubted suc
cess, and woe to the persons whe
dare stand in the way.
It is impossible for any qnosidera
tions to.have themi; whatever might
have been their former status, or
their present social relations and fam
ily connectidna, down they inust go
to rise no more.Thie minds of the
people of this parish are fully made
up and nothing can change them.
Years eanuot obliterate the memory
of the eoitrage perpetrated on, our
people and our best citizens, and they
would not forget is't 'if they eopld.
The firstaacene enated in our city by
U8. ,,uPty ,afrahal Stockton, aid
ed a4aasisted.by Henry' Bonllt, will
live fresh and green' in the tuindeg
tr peoplq as lo n '8 " iie "or holds
her sway. And who can Iforget the
appearance on the stage just "id the
nick of timen to see how well the
work was: done, olh Bosh 'bireed
Boullt, qtatting 'in :tlie ,tee of an
outraged com ui.try.w a ,souile on'
his :fane pd murder in his beatt?
Forget it! never! Remember it fe;
low-citizens a" -i1t you live and
t~l it to your philgren, and,.tell them
never to forget it ..
Thunder storm Wedreaday night,
with considerable rain fall, the fiirst
since about forty-flredays.
SWe aeundser may: obl@i q to
SHop. $. l...i4Don, pfSabiueo parish,
for his promptness insrending election
returns from his parish. All honor
o thebseiner parisht, andmiahy thanks.
thoher daistinguinshed ceitizen,
Many thanks to J. L. Itbbins, he
polite and accomulodating clerk of
the popular steamer FETA, .JOb ; C;:
Mitchell Mastet, fora hirg W'ie of
northern and city papets in advance
of th manqJes, . The FLITA is our reg
uqar~ 9gct.
The Parish Judgship,
Some irregularity appearing in the
count of box No. one, ward twelve,
for the office of Parish Judge, where
in it appeared that J. E. Breda was
one vote ahead of C. F. I)ranguetº,
for the said office of Parish Judge,
the latter proceeded to the Court
House and in company with the Com
missioners who held the said box,
and in the presence of Leon Gre
neaux, Deputy Clerk of the District
Court and custodian of the boxes
containing the ballots, they proceed
ed to recount the ballots in the said
box, and upon the recount carefully
made by them, (the commissioners)
they discovered an error of one tally
to the credit of said Breda, which.
would, therefore, make the total for
him 1477, instead of 1482 as publish
ed in the official returns, and for C.
F. Dranguet 1481. Dranguet beating
Breda four votes--all ptoper affida
vits have been made and the papers
carefully arranged to be forwarded to
the Returning Board in New Orleans,
for their consideration. It will there.
fore be seen that Drangnet has been
duly elected to the office of Parish
Judge, and he must be comnmissioned
by the proper authorities. This thini
of electing one candidate and putting
in office another, is about finished
and the people do not intend to sub
mit to it any longer.
THE ELECTIONS.
Democratic Victories Complete !
.New York elects her Governor by
35,000 and gains 10 members of Con
gress. Massachusetts elects her Gov
ernor, defeats Old Ben and gains 8
members of Congress. Michigan elects
her Governor and gains 4 members of
Congress. Tennessee elects her Gov
ernor by 40,000, and sends entire del
egation to Congress. ,Maryland throws
overboard 2 Republican Congressmen,
and sends entire Democratic delega
tion. Fonm Arkansas all Democratic,
likewise from Georgia and Delaware.
Virginia gains 4 members of Congress,
leaving only one Radical to speak for
her in the 44th Congress. Kentucky
all Democratic. Wisconsin gains one
member of Congress, and Alabama
carries State ticket by 12,000, and six
out of 'eight members of Congress
Illinois gains five members of Con
gress. South Carolina elects two
members of Congress, and Florida
one. Missouri makes. a clean sweep
and sends all Democrats to the 44th
Nevada follows in the wake and goes
Democratic, likewise: Pennsylvania,
who sends to the 44th 16 Democrats
instead of 5 only as before, and hav
ing the State Legislature and majori
ty on joilit ballot, will elect Jerry S.
Black to U. S. Senate.
The Chicago Inter-Ocean.
eIs newspaper of great size and
large circulation, and we suppose of
immense patronage, all of which is
owing to the fact that it abuses the
South and the Southern .people, to
salt the morbid taste of it. readers.
Any one can take .t ap. at any tied
and the subject matter of its eontents
will be found to be abuse of the South.
"The rebe!iibn not yet crushed.'
'"How to recouquer the south.f"
"Scud down more soldiers to put
down the new' rebellion." "Exter
minate the race of vipers"' :&Ce., L&C.,
are expressions to be met with on
every page of every issue. No paper
would· publish sucah articles unless
they were pandering to the tastes of its
readers, and hence' we conclude that
among the people of ,Chicago,.are to
liefound those whi love:to hear of the
suth being iii trou61e, and tlh~ love
to hear tlhem abused for it. Well,
some of these days the ignorant mass
es 'of the Nothlb and Wedt will learn
hew 'w' have been oitraged and
plundered, and tien what will become
of anchl vile sheets as the Intet-Ocean a
Every decent :subscriber should senid
it aIrek to its oiee until enough are
collected to make a respectablei sbon-.
fire, and then get some misguided
and illinformed patron by the wrath
of his indignation, to kindle its fann
ral pile. • '
We have seen in one of our ex
changes that a merchiant made'pres
eat to au Editor of one dozen Faber's
pencils, and he remarked "no one ,buti
an Editor can appreciate so well such
a present.
When the Sa1bine'left ~iw Orleans,
t·ei 6dfre city was illuminatedanid
every.body iI procession celebrating
the glorious victories of the. late elec
tions.'* Expect the Rads there felt
mihty badl .th f
YVERio Thii s Parish bis go4e
Democratic as slick as rolling off a
log tldi witlhout a blur or a 'scratli.
J. C.. Moncure.anl'Wm. M. Levy re
c-ived every vote east, which were
712, and not a Wingle Radical vote
was east, to mir the general harmiony
of the Democratic nusic.--La. Demno
enrt '
Cimnim nicated.
Cot.FLx, Nov. 9th, 1174.
EDITou VINDICATOR :-A few days
previous to the election, (I think it
was exactly six days) the notorious
William Ward and his go-and-fetch
puppy, II. B. Phillips, arrived at this
quiet village after an absence of about
eighteen mouths. Twelve hours or
less after their arrival they were reg
istered in due form, and of course
took the necessary oaths: that they
had not come to this parish for the
purpose of voting, and that they had
resided in this parish for the ten days
next preceding, etc.
Ward ran for the Legislature and
Philips for the Parish Judgship. Out
of the live boxes fixed upon by the
Police Jury, only one was opened:
that at Colfax, 1st ward. By a sin
gular coincidence, the lIt ward, that
of Colfax, has about four hundred ne
gro voters, all Radicals, to aboutºfty
white, about forty of whom are IJ -
ocrats. There were several Radical
candidates for the various parish of
fices, and though our parish has a
Democratic majority of some two
hundred, yet were the Radicals so
conident of success, that the return
ed Representative declared that if he
should receive only twenty votes, be
was sure of his seat. Phillips was
returned for parish Judge, and "geno
tie" Willie Calhoun, for the Legisla
tnre. "Little," "Sweet" or "Gentle"
Willie, is a good specimen of a Radi
cal: his moral and physical natures
corresponding with each other.
The Supervisor of registration took
upon himself to change the comumis
sioners of election, by virtue of his
being a member of the Police Jury
an offie which he had resigned more
than fifteen months before.
Ward is a good Radical. He be
lives, and tirmly believes, that none
but Radicals should holh office. But
then, Ward must be "one of them."
The election is all wrong if Ward is
not elected. Hance he was mad at
the result. - Baron Levy said of Ran
dull Leslie, that the latter, notwith
standing his talenrt, was "a failure,"
and Ward felt that Kellogg would say
the same of him.
He therefore kicked up a fuss;
first with Radetzki, our Tax-collec
tor. He and his friends crowded
Radetzki; but Radetzki .managed to
get away. When he returimed? pre
pared to make an isstue, man 'to niai,
Ward and his butumers were conven
iently absent.
A day or two afterwards, iWard
held out the olive-branolr of peace to
Radetzki, lnd after remarking that
men of the same party should be
friends and not enemies, that by
genes should be by-gones-begged
him the loan of sixty, dollars. Ia
detzki agreed with him in all-except
the sixtydollars.
On Saturday Iist, about sundown,
a certain apt. Moses, :who had come
up-fronm New Orleans with Ward and
Phillpt, bringing p wiwthithbiti a
eoinmiesion from Geo, Kellog, either
as sohool-teacher or schoolhdirector,
(I don't know whielf) 'wa in an alter
cation or discusion with Ward about
some matter or other. All of a sod
del, Ward pulled out lhia pistol and
fired at Moss, etdently sminmg at the
head of his opponment. Moss threw
up his srm,mad thereby saved his
life'at the expense of bhis right itu,
whicm.xeceiv~ld tile ball--the lari
ranging backward u and downwards,
and lodging onder the aboulder.blade.
Ward fired instantly again, but with
out effect, and immediately organized
a rapid retreat. At the frst ire, Mose
attempted to pull out his pistol with
his right hand, but iartial para-yslj
had already oeeurred. .I)Jaiilg bit
pistol with his left: hadlh hb EfeI at
Ward three timlins one sholi n 'l athe
arm, spother in the breat, ,and the
third in the leg, near thke'k-e. It'is
not kpnown as yet what wiil'be the ra
salt of these wounds.
As I said before, this occurred to
wards sundown on Saturday last.
About the same tihe, or shortly af
terwards, a difficulty occurred be
tween several colored Radicals and
Radetzkl, the afore-mep'tioned Col
lector. What it was abouat, I don't
know, but I suppose it' grew oat of a
report that Badetazk had voted thel
Democratic ticket: but he is tooegood
a Republican for that. '~elats were
made to badskli ad jln wan
made that unlessm'he spoloised bo his
knees instanter, he *oulf be burned
out of house and home and have a
hall through hint in hes tlhas.twdivt
hours. Leses than eight honrs after
wards, Radetzki woke up to find his
dwelling in flamnes, ashdliarely escap
ed with his life and that of his fami
ly. They eavedrliothlilnng' tt what
they had on thein i their niglit'-othes.
It was fortanifte for Radetzki that
he discotersed ihe fire thoolate-to save
his hoose." Had h5e didedvered it ini
time, hiaslife would have been the
penalty. As"it 'was, several shots
greeted him as lie Pi.d fI'om the bue,=.
inug timbers. The great light frm,i
the flames warned off the incendia.
ries and would-be inurderers.
t In justice to the troops stationed at
this point some half a mile oft from
the scene of conflagration, it nmay b,
stated that the long-roll was Ltat,
and that strenuous and heroic, though
unavailing efforts, were mane to stp
conflagration.
The following copy of a letter,
sent to the New Orlenna Bulletin,
explains itself. The writer is an oc
taroon, a native of the parish of
Rapides, a policeman of the city of
New Orleans, and a Radical.
After this, it is useless to add that
there is a considerable feeling of u.
easiness in this parish,. But perhaps,
after all, as the Republican or Iladi
cal sheets will nay, it is only another
Democratic outrage.
Yours, - A.
CoLr.tx, Nov. 7th, 1-74.
To J. Sela 3Martin:
I have canvassed this parish theor
oughly among the Leaguers, and have
been treated with the utmost kland
ness by them, and find the laprish lse
publican; George L. Smith run a long
way ahead of Ilis ticket. The muost
trying time I ever met with in life,
was a combat between Capt. Moss,
late of St. Landry, and Capt. Ward,
off New Orleans. It: remiided len
of the days of "Ante Bellum." Capt.
Ward fired first and 'shot one iil,
taklug effect in the rigt airm of Capt.
Moss, which is not thought danger.
ens. Capt. Moss -fired three shots,
tll taking effect, one in the arm, one
in the leg, and one .through the
breast, which the Doctor in atten
dance thinks will prove fatal.
Mr. Radetzki's house was burned
luast night. His house was on fire and
almost hJaued ap before he knew
anything bhout it. .He saved nothing,
and as he at1d hit wife and little oni s
were making their escape they were
fired upon by unknown parties. Eve
rybody is convinced that this fiend
ish piece bf work was done because
Mr. R, was thought to have had some
thing to do with the difliculty between
the abve.-mentuwied parties. Some
parties who are suspected of having
committed this heinous crime, will I
suppose be arrested and be remand
ed according to their deeds. Tlho
Cavalry have been out ,op. oeeeral
raids, but have caught no one. I
have been among the people of Grant
parish and they are quiet and orderly,
molesting no one, and It seems to me
that there is but little use for soldiers
in this part of the country. Ward
has acted badly since his arrival here
le has been very violent. lHe is very
unpopular among the white people.
Alia while I can go anywhere I please,
lhe could not go out of sight of tih
soldiers. Capt. Huie is in good health
'and will lie down on tie next trip of
the boat.
. I think Gov. Kellogg or anybody
else would be safer here than iu New
Orleans. I have never seen in any
counti v people more quiet.
Your most O'bt. Servant,
K. KEARY.
TimE RETVRNING BOARD.--In all
awer to many queries we give the
Returning Board, whikh is to danvass
the returns of the State election :
J Siadison Wells, Cairmnan, Radical.
B. F. Joubert, Radical. '
Thomas C. Anderson,,R~tical.
James'I bngstreet,-Riidical.
J. Casanave Radical.,
The last named party is an under
taker, which is suggestive of the fact
that he is nqw cal1q upon to bury
the Badiecal party se Louisiana. It
willbe observed that all the parties
are Radieals, whereas Kellgg's own
law distinctly specifies that two of
ithe board s~hall beloig-to the oppo
sing party.-- O. Baleds.in,
Why wail it Ben Butler was not
eleetatl Becaltirihe was not'natu
rl-ised!--N. 0. Balletin.
Sqaint.,on OldSpoouey, the world
is agin ye.
Ben utler will, eatappear in the
character of Toodles. "Thompson!
-Thompsola witl' aP in it! D)-n
Thqamlpon I"
GREETING oll- PMl.AbELPxHIA.
A distinguised taisea of the old Key
-t~ne State hanis 'the following dis
patch to' Oov. IEnery :
Philadelphia, Nov. 5, 3:50 P.1M.
To Io. John MceEnery, New Orleans:
_eensnylvania in Deauocratie line.
Houiill eomreet frauds practiced
in Loaiusia . .
We nominhte liuxar B. BA.NsNo,
for speaker 6t the nextiHouse of Bie
presentatives. Banping ia a bright
boy, -ladeiaU (btisial.
A Buffalo alderman pairts his hair
in the middle and libis, .bot he got
into the Council .-$l mistake. They
iontended to sendA 'lie tb the asylu.
SSMPAYRAC-ý., Saturday 7th inst.,
hat7 9cP loe A. $i P. V. 8onrPNuA,
youngest son of Mr. Amlioise B. bou'
Payrac, aged 20 years.
For years poor "Mage"had been an in
validaand amly coa6emplated tho hour
when death weolld relieve him of his
suffering .``'lth to him had no teirors,
fbrhe lh ioliblbed it of its sting by his
holy life and pure christian hopes. -1e
had long since lost the qppreciation of
the pleasures of tas life, and turned his
thoughts Hleavi'euast~, and his, strong
and enduring faith must have been a
sourne of consolation to his bereaved
father and sorrowing relatives, to whom
we tender a tear of sympathy.
Natchitoches, La., Nov. 10th, 1871.