.· __--------- -- -- II--__ - - .- - - - -- -- .-- - __ -
. i :7 ;
TERMTSil nuI' WELFARE OF'IItH ITA)ILE IS THE SUPREME LAW. IM(LL ()I'Y, 5 Cent.
VOl% III. NATCHITOCHES, LOUISIANA, SEPTEMBER 16.1870. NO.It
AicrcrvAr.V A ND I)EI'ARTULTRES.
Alexandria to Natchitoches.
A rrirals. D.ITartures.
I'Tu.'-Elay 4 p. m. Thursday 9 a. at.
IVrla,Vyt I' . ftm. ~:trtrday 9 a. in.
Sdait 4 p. mi. Monday 9 a. in.
Natchitoches to Shreveport.
"T'lsdiay 9 a. m. Tuerday 9 a. in.
Thur~tlay 9 a. in. 'Tihursay 9 a. im.
.,turday 9 a. in. Saturd.ay 9 a. inm.
Natchitoches to Texas.
Tuensc y6 Rp. in. Monday 7 a. m.
Saturday 6 p. m. Thursday 7 a. mn.
Natchitoches to Minden.
T"ru1ay p. in. ,.'dneº.day.v 7 a. 1u
'riday ; p. In. Saturday 7 a. in.
Natchitoches to Winnfiell.
I'nesday 12 m. Tuesday 1 p. in.
Friday 12 in, Friday 1 p. nim.
A.4uL MAII.8 CL4)SI Al 8 A. M.
OlToe flomrs--froim 7 A. MI. to 12 M.
and fr, O 1o 31. to c P M.
W. D IARKINrx.
Post .Master.
Professional Cards,
W. H. JACK. D. PIERSON
Jack. cs Pierson..
A ttorne!s and Counselors at Lawt
NArTCIIITOCIIES, LA.
SII. L pratire in the Conrtn of Natchiteches.
T Sabii,. I) to, erd ltRiver, Winll. }R pide4,
ul t;rait. and in the S11l1eime ICourt of the
4St;ta. (l:inmA promptly attended to.
.March 2 y-1i.
r. A. MORSF. C. 1. I)ItANOUET.
MORSE & DRANGUET,
Attorneys at Late.
()thfi'en eS'econd Street,
March 25--1y. Natchitoehes, La,
M. .I Cuanuiugham. T. P. Chaplin.
J. iI. Cunningham.
Cutnningham, Chaplin &
Cunningham.
Attortle,/s and Cnounselors at Law.
St. Denis St., Natchitoches, La.
IrIIL pra:tice in the courts ot Rap
i bleds, Grant, Winn, Sabine. lh.Soti,
Red River and Natchlitoclhe, and the
uuplremlue Court of the State.
Claimsu prompltly attelnded to in any
part of the Union. March 25-ly
Business Cards.
C. A. RCLLA.RD. N. . C'AMPIIELL
Ilullard & C;rnmpbcll,
DRY G00Ol)S,
GROCERIIE,
IIARDWARE,
Audl General M4orcthaindilise.
torner FIwu.T LAI.t IIrrE Street,
N Irchitoches, La.
HTIGHIEST cawh price tail for cotton and
.l country'II" produce in cashl or i'rchandise.
March 25 -ly.
Willisa IIolzane,
FRONT STREET,
Natchitoches., IA.
-DEALER IN-
DIAY GOODS, Groceries,
I lard ware,
Crockery,
fHats,
Caps,
Boots,
Shoes and Notions.
Special indueAnmints offeret'd to Cash
purchasers. C(otton andi country pro
duce, both at highest Cash rates.
March -25-1y.
abohn C0. Triohol
(Waliusley's Brick Building,)
Washington Street, Natohitoches, La.
Wholesale and Retail Dealer in
Dry Goods, Groceri
HArs,
CAPS.
BOOTS,
SHOES,
anld Oeneral MERCHANDISE
ShIighest price paid for Cotton and
(f.rror Country produce, in Cash or Mer
chandise.
March 45-1y.
WTUe. Sheumaz ,
-DEALER IN
lDRY GOODS,
GROCERIES, and
GENERAL MERCHA- DICF' .....
C'or. FRONT and ST. DENIS Streets
Natchitoches, La.
March 25-ly.
Peter oVeuleznan;
-DEALER IN
FAJML Y GROCERIES
A full assortmient of WALL.-PAER con
stantly on hand.
Special inducements to CASH Cifstomets.
WASIINI TON STREET,
Natchitoches, La.
March 25--ly.
0o. Bhaarath,
Boot and Shoe Maker.
CHALLENGES the world for neatness
Jand durability of work. Satisfaction
a fit and material guaranteed
Shop on St. Denis S.
JtutO 904
J. CIrEONTOi ctb CO.,
- Dealers In
DTºY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
HARDWARE, andl
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
WAS1IINGT'ON STREET.
Natchitoches, La.
March 25--ly.
IIarris JalTa,
Frout Street, Natchitoches, La.
-dealer in
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES,
1AL DWEgE,,
AND GENERAL MERCHIANDISE. ..
( Special inducement offered to Cash Cna
tomere. Marc 5--v.
R. ". BTJRK.IE,
-dh alehr ini
FRorNT SiTatEI.T, Natchitoches, La.
L. CASPAtI. M. DIETRICHI.
Caspari & Dietrich,
ILaroste Bnllding)
FRONT St., NATCIII'rOCITIES, La.
G RAND opining of a NEW MA.MMtOTII
SPRING and SUMMER STOCK,
direct from the New Orlealns and Ea.ter mar.
kets, consisting iu'part of
DRY GOOD)S,
CLOTHING,
HATS,
SHOES,
GR)OCERIFS,
CROCKE:RY,
IIARD
WARE, &c , &.c,
LADIES AND GENTS'
FURNISITING (GOODS.
In fact,
A fu11 line of GOOD.T for the country trade
All of which they are selling at less than NEEW
(L)LEANS PRICES
FOR CASH.
Call and vo:unir* the lait st id mesi comn
pleteo tork ','et hlought t,, this market, and
atisfv .y ourselves as to their prices.
' Hiighe, t price paid for C t.ton and coun
try prodnce, in cash or nierchandise.
March & -ly
A.rs. T. IKIlJG-,
WATCHMAKER
-AND
.Tow lor .
3 Shop on St. DENTS Street
(Between 2d and 3rd.)
Watehr~, Clocks, and Jewelry repaired
at short notic.e, and in a workmanlike
mannler.
,olicits a share of pa.tronage and guar
antees satisfaction.
Dec 4.--ly.
HARRY PERCY
PARISH SURVEYOR
-AND-
Gieral Land Agent.
I TILL attend to all surveys in Natebi
Stochlis parish, also attend to the en
tries of hind at Natchitoebos, New Or.
leans and Washinlgton, 1. C.
REFE.1Ss Wn1' fi PEROMSSI)ON TO
lion. Win. M. Levy, Natchitoches, La.
Jack &. Pierson, Attorneys at law.
L. Ulnpleix, Reghiter of the Land Office.
A. E. Lemce, Receiver of the Land Office
iion. Judge C. Chaplin,
C. L. WV:linisley & Co'., New Orleans.
All hIsinies. intristedl to me will be
promptly attended to.
Office: at the LAND OFFICE,
NATCIIITOCIIEs, La.
Coper, Tin and Sheet.iron" worke'.
-DEALER IN"
Stoves, Tinware and Houise Furnishing
GOODS,
Washingtou St.)........ Satcbitothes, La
Sole agent for the Unrivalled
BUCK'S ' BRILLIANT
Cool.ing estoVres,
Gntters, Pipes, Metalic roofing and all
kinds of repairing, done with dispatch.
A liberal discouut to coantry trade.
M(atch 25-ly.
cOscar Chopin]
'OTTON rACTOR
- N\ D
COMMISSION MERCHANT,
No (Ei CARONDELET ST.,
July I -ly New Orlens.
L. W .ULTLr. P. y., W.\LhLLrY
C. L. WAL:MSLEY & CO,
CO'TrTON i4PCTORS
GENERAL COMMISSION R1ERCHIANTS.
'Perdiap sy NOaW brleans, Ia.
M,arrL '1- }c'. `"
PIR(ENIX SALOON,
St. 1honik Street, Natchitoches, La.
M!I, PAYIE, Proprietor.
C 1 U)l( 'E W iuio u. Liriqulo i and Cigars
Ice· drinkPs ;iand at t'ntive V st tendlers
DANIEL PRATT'S IMPROVED
"Renwvi He;d'
COTTON GIN
PATEN I'ff: J ULY 1:. 1,7:1.
I'RICE RIEDUCED
TO $4 50 PER SAW.
T IllS GIN has been in use fo the past
three seasons, and several recenC t im
provei n cts have been added. It obvi
ates all friction nt the a:nds of the cotton
box, plrevents the roll from braking, and
givws a LAIIGER YIELD OF IINT from
the sn:le amlount of Seed than any other
(Gin in use. The Revolving leall light
ens the draft andl causes the (Gin to '1111
faster with less driving power, thus do
ing a great deal more work within the
slmie tiumel,while economizing ste(, or
animlal power, than tiny other Gin. The
seed being giuinewd very close, the ffegth
of the st;j,ple is increased, prodluting cot
ton on this account of a greater market
value. This improved value, given by
length of staple, with extra production
of lint, ,ddtl'd to i;icreased amtnoint 6f1
wolk dollne, 1nmore thani covers the cost
of thlie Gin in every 100 Ibales ginued.
T'estirnonials sent by mail mo application.
JOS. B. WOLFE & CO.,
(;ENERAL AGENTS,
59........CARONDELET ST........59
NEW ORLEANS, LA.
C. L. WALJMSLEY, Agent,
August 12, NATCHITOCHE8, LA.
HPNRY GENNIUS,
Worker in Tin, Copper and
SHEET IRON.
Corner FRONT & TRUDEAU STS.,
NATC1I'ITOCIHES, LA.
Also, constantly on hand all kinds of
HEATING AND COOKING STOVES
of the most improved patterns.
All miy stoves sold at city price and
guaranteed to be as representcs. Lib
eral advantages offered to the trade.
Also, a fine stock of Tinware, Metallic
Roofing, &c.
Gutters atlnd pipes promnptly and care
failty repaired.
HENRY GENIUS,
Corner Front and Trudeau Sts.,
Natchrwoches, La.
March 25 1S76.--I v.
The African in the South.
iN'IEtESTIN( CORRRESPONDENCE ON 7ITE
QUESTrION OF RACIE.
fI'rom the Richmond Witig.1
Concld, N. I[., ,July 26, 18"t.
Dear Brother Dunjee : On the 12th
inet. I sent you a check fior $*0, aud
have received no receipt or anything
from you since.
To day I received a letter fro'm Ilar
'per's Ferry in which is the followiong
sentence : "The report is current
helow1 that Ihro. lunljee has gone over
to tlhe'rebeii, and is going to stuimp
for Tildeu and Hendricks. I am
afiaid it is so." '
Stv ';ua brother D., is ;lh'tr, any
truth in that reportl I ave you
evln had a thoulght of doing such a
thing ? If Nou have, I pray you
pa u.e helote you take a single step
in lhat direction. Such a course wouldhi
he a causet of great grief to all your
true friend,, and all the trule lovers of
1 freedom and pIiety. In doing this
t you will bring a woundi andl re
prunch upon your mission-work
among freedmlen, and ruin your own
usefulnuess as a lituilster of Chrlist.
Hlow will all those feel who have con
tlihuted frolt your support in ourI
mission work for Richutond meeting
house, etc., if you now desert your
brethren and go over to the old Rebs, I
the haters of the colored man and the, I
causc of freedom, andl oive your in
fthlnce to strengthenu the hards ofl
such men as Jettf avis and those
who have mulrdthed thousaodl and I
thousaidls of yo'ur colored blrethren at i
the South wit'hin a few years pIst, to,
Idwevenlt thel f1'1ron voting for the
4ncause of their own God-given rights
tit this cua not he ; I will no believe
it can be so till 1 hear ori)e' from youI. .
)Do writo me by return mail ald send,
receiptt far lifty dotllu s, and tell ome
if there is any voundation for the re
Iprt to which I have all: Med.; and
S>~i entreated to go nio tht'l'br iin tlha;
direction, if you tave .t ikeaI oirle ,'ep,
until \Vot consult %vith vy ur , (to
friends., H'rtlhers Murtkil, Branck.tit,
Stewart, allrgess, Anthony, Chase, '
&c.,|&c.
D)o not fail to let m1e hear )from yUon
at ont'e, anr give uie the facts on1 this
sub i ct. Yottr5 truly '
SII,. s- arsit1s.
P'. S. -Tilldn and Hendricks are
tidieititit with the old rebel party,
and will a I sltpol.rtedl by e*-rebels of
t the Jf0. I av' , trile an;ii those who
~nitpl hized NIith thtem dling tilt
war and since, and I woihl just asta
11oi0 vite ttr Jeft;lt 1)avis fr lP -. he,.t
ia 1 would for iamII. T''iehn, the fti lu,
er as. oci ,,te of B ,>.ss 'T'w , ,ed of N ew
izer. 8t (c.u t tiS .el c. t
Yok iaul alxxx ai'e ieej *x 13 pat i
Ritichmold. At".. '1. I7t6-.ear
flrother (. urtist : 10uits of July 2o is
before ime, aslking mle abouit rmnors
which you have heard in regard, to
my going over to the "rebels." First,
I would state that I have tried to
fulfil my whole duity in myo work
here, atnd have not at any time l ol -
glected my missuion duties. No iman
is more interested in all that pertaius
to the best welfare of the colored peo
ple and their highest development. I
.So, I have tried to conduct myself!
teach Ilmyl people that it is their Chris
tian duty to make friends with the
white people of the Somth, amongi
whom they live. This can be (done
without sacrificing aniy principle of
mauhood; in fact, the Southern tp)eo
ple do not ask the colored petople to
comlpromise a single right. But we
who lhe here see the great imlpor
lance of a full and manly reeoncilia
tion betweenI the two ralces. This
can be dloue by dividing the colored '
ivote between the two parties. As
soon as it is thus divided they will
Cease to be an object of ostracism' and
hone of contention. Both partleus
will then treat them with due respec',.
Take Virginia, and the white people
of this State are ais fieindly to the
colored peopllle as they ae anywhere
in Americal the most frindly feel
ings exist betwe te ti two races.
Whlat we who are interested in the
great cause of humanity are endelev
oritug to do is to hreak dowu all cil
or lines,a ndl altogether forget slavery,
the war and tire past, aum go on to
higher attainments and a broader
Christian manhood. I ielieve the
white people of the South are true t t
the lprofessins they are now making. t
They do not desire any ore slavery ;.
they will stand by all tie results of
tle war; they are in thle Union to go K
out no more forever. They are lablor
iog nobly in our State foir public eldu
cation, ivithiut regard to color. I
have every right inll Richmond that I Y
woul have n in Bostion. They are t
doing all for the colored people in a t
benevolent way they caIr (.o You t
know the late war laid( its witheritng
hand upon the South, and there are
imany poor people, both white and
black ; notwi'thstanding, there are
manv of thie white geitlemiei wihe
have contributed largely to missio'
work for our people in Ricihmond and
other places in the South. There are
31,hI)i colored people in this city who U
are dlependinig on the whites for the
bread they eat. .Manly pak pel Ille
ofn olor would starve to deathll he a
but for the kindness of the whites in
giving them sheltter and food. Yoiu
can have no idea of the tute onmdi
tion of things here. Now in the face
of all these facts, I iti tillt think the
whiite people of the South very dnn
gerots rebels.
Just a word abiut some of ouil'
troubles. You haIve heard mleh
talk about carpet baggers." Yoir have
no idea the amount of trouble these
men have given us. Men' who|
were of the worst character in the
Noilth, who were from the lowest
haunts of New York and Boston, men
as bad as crime could make them,
who were negro haters in the North,
have come South and taken advan
tage of the ignorance of the colered
people, and have been elevate( to
places of high trust in our State g )v
erniitetS, for the sole plurposoe on
their part to plunder the public. This
same class of ieen hlave arr;lyed
the colonle:l people against the whites
for political iurposes. and, wheu
trouble cotiuo., desert thaon. All the
isobs which we have hlad in the South
have lbeen gotten up by badi men. I
know we haive some lawiless white
men here, but tihe good iteople of the
South niust not be bla:med fol' their
acts. You have them at the Not th
with you. This e ihi and fruitles
tcOlltelt has beetn goiing, on for years,
and who are the snibfrers I 'lThe cnl
ored men, being the teake'r pairty,
ialways lose groiund, and iiitist at last
go to the wall if the flght. i.s kept tip.
, klow yvout, il N' i'' H"'trtpl'lir e, Itlt.v
not see this matter as I do, but I tell
you that the negro of the Mouthl mioist
go unider if the policy of the last few
years is to be contintued. Not, If
the Honme Missions ll,aird dischalrges
tie for these enlltil eilt:, I rtegtilt it,
but canniot yictd ilty honest convic
tions, I taut morry" I {canot make theist
Ssee ilti rightftntuess of m.' positionil.
You ask ome what the iplrsotns wlho
have conltribhted froiht ,timeo to tiime
. flmy m! lplo t wouhl think. To this
I wouldl say, if' they uoIn idstootd lly
trte position they woutl, I think,
malke tlhose conltrihltiton InIore read
ily than ever. The tie-io is iow
i passin through the most critical pe
riod of his history, and his detiny
fior good iOl evil will le sealhed by hi.s
action. If he :arrays himself against
the white people. lie Inst, sooiner or
later, he grotnd to powder.
There is tno natulral latagottlisltl be
tween the two races in the iillthi ;
the whites and blacks were born and
broiught iup togethelr, atld roust live
and i tli togtlther. The late trobhle at
Hlahlmbtrg, S;;oth ('aroliLntl, afiil othe:
titnblet ate have hai il tihe Sot.ith
-ilt'ce the! war, have lnot h-t;ih the i -
silt. oif any ill fieli'ig on the part to'
iour hinte people, but :ilre thei rtesuilt ot'
Ill, 'in ,'tof bad lmen .tl ' hhaive cornyl t
uontl: andt kept till (t'0t: 1ti i' it) tot' i
the Must l,ititr political t estt.t, ++l.JI
ha:ve ustli eve;ry eff(lt t k ti keep tihet
iviite. and colored people from itituk
i frie nds. One lofi their lpri.ncipal
teil'ttn- is ithe whole lei use oft bli0!
whiscy ;i also appealing to the werex
\"r.st pal:isos fr tihe ignmatt. Nr o
smwle i, bifl ott ureitcal oil thi' par;
to exi;asplate diand excite-i the leitl
ilg? of,outr poor people, wthh mi.rt
at unt lieii hu, kiltdhld into ita tiltie
n lich ii hiiIt r's-ilt ill thiod tlsh d. I
oily l wai"tldti we hiave not hadl ten
riol, twh- e i hertt, we have had onle.
Now I say that evetay good manti in
the South, \wllit, tial blacrk, ouhlit to
join hands iand id outil fair setilon
tyril this ttit e ll, rt: oft t,; thinl(s. I,
hope y ol ill o t w i ll iit lttltni ll'ersti l meil
thes e thartiis aii niot againiL ithe
.tiOli peopile of th. Nol th. Wet will
give the tIiist hearty welcoitie tit anyt
giitl man of the Northi who uliiay
toeiiilamont g uis tl good plllurposes. I
think that if yll were to live here it
ftwr ytears yo would take the satme
stand that I hIave. We have some
litiu fiol the north Vwho are high
ly itspected. but all of these
ai.lke the sali e stand, iand arc tint the
ieni otbjected to. The colored mti e,
if tey lare to ble citizens iof thils coun
try, iitlst diner just ias white illen do(
ont all the great questilons of the day,
stlch as finance, tariff, taxation andi
questions of law, trade, &e. Until we
arrive at this point wVL will be mere
achies, . and tinot Ino in the true
ensoe of the tentn.
In conclisionl, I wouhl call your at
te tioni to the eltport of lthe lon. 11.
I,. Douglasii, of Virginia, oin tie Fliteed-i
tIan's llink fraud, and the speech of
tio. V. S. itingeir, of relltltisyi va lia,
on the solae slubject. I wo ll alIso
call yourI Ltte I elioni to the liargc
aion tll t" llt to I ll ey it lll e fOiltr l the
will\o's ani orphans of the colorted
sohliers litnd sailors. [The Distt'iet
!iilg and tiiainy ot he1 r 1 hing1 tlittgnt tbe
tienihtiotold, but time and ,pliet wiill
trot lHlow it. 'hte c)oloredI voter of
the South, as ruled by the licdiieals,
has tio li ierty inll tdile use of hiis bal
lot, wh ich liib) wery e clii o, and toist
have ir cton it tIIt slavlis. li, shiould
be tatigli ithilh'peudetnce and self-re
PIeaitSe ltllsWer' tilte' i fei' questiotis.
Who shdouhi be the best iudge otf the
trite cllnitioin of the Soitthltlurr people,
I, who was boeit and brought tilt hi
the Sitihi, as I have been, alid served
twenty-seven years of nry life as a
slave (whten a boy I played with
white boys, a iltl ktinow" there is nio
nartiral bad lfeeling huetwetie titt' two
races), tor youiri se-if li Whi; cllt c ou)i
in New HUtiipshire or Maii' e kinow ofli
Olii Colitiitioti oWhn |iere I P \he
you call our peolitc "rirbels" yvnt eol
thetm a great wroiig. I believe the
people of' the South are as lbyal to
the Union ias those of the North. I
ask yoiu a-,a CihistiavL, -o you thitk
it i-ight toi be contstantly ideisitig the
SontheitnI , people I They have collie
back to the Uihion aitid titlly hite( I
all of tlhe a tiiuietidhnetis to the, ('ionsti
tutioti, with all the resttlts of thit' war.
The onily teaslln why t -v havie taflm
silOch Ii elli trt't to gi-ct hold oit the Ir
theit-il, e fti'tiim the wickell i lnin'er
iugs atid toibibt-t'3ry of 1-itr ln-t- li.igg's
and eveily goodi man, \ii lite atd black.
sei-Iion frgmo this feufil -tate of
tiings. Jlemiemitber thfiat otur h- inies
in thte Soanth are as dtai t-o nitutill ylout
ill New Iuinipshi'e. N1'\i hiow- would
3'yol like 'eoiir Stiite to he int'ifsted
iiithi a gatig of those pol!itic-il thieves
froitii anotliher far ciintlry, pluithtritig
thpe public itreastilre tnt lea viiig ai tax
oti the people tLi heavy fur them to
bear, ext-itig tiots, causitig blood
s[ied f I ask 3o01, wotid ylou he-lp
them' to contitie rite wiirk i edestrtic
tion against your own people I I tell
you this is otir cenidition, nloi the col
ored people are the nair agirtey by
which they are enabled Io dti their
wor'k ; uitid, iii iny jtdgtietit, nltthing
butt a diivision of the iilit'i'tl e'ote clli
bring peace atid Inlosperity, i hich weI
so itot-Ith tteed and I ti-el that tie iu
pit Work or mis-ion effirt ii'ill enable I
Ie to do as tnuch for mly race as thiº
Wol k.
I have given this matter elrcn
years' thought, aid for years I have
taken great ri ins to inftormu inyvs lf as
to the true feelifg of the people of the
South, and it i nmy conclusi;n ,that
the wrhit~ desire ;o iivq wiith the col
ored people in peace and qtiietuess,
anid ate doing all they can to gain
that object. 'Tl'ihe do not wlant l nl
the colored people to vote the I)eluo
cratic ticket. hot believe it would he
best to divide their vote between the
two partis.. 'rThis poi nt would have
beet, gaied yealrs ago but for the ter
ror i(f the Radical party and its guy.
al l(,agies. 'Th itti ha.'s been no intiun
idation in ;lt.e *otth. 'do l not clutige
the colored people with this cruelt.
They are not to blano ; they rare ionly
tools in the hands of these had men. I
have k)nown sotie colored til'It to be
whipped, sonie turned ouit of their
ehtulrchIes, and all kiund: of intoleralnt
attil'u have been heaped spun those
cal,), ed iloin who dare vote the I)eiu
o',illatic· ticket. Il sMoile pa;rts of the
ao uthi the life of a colored roan (I)enit
uier it) Iis not very isafe. I submit
these facts to you as the holest Coli
victioil of tay heart, anld imust say I
Zeailnot ax'cept lyo r ad)vice, because ill
doiiitg so I wotIl i not do justice to
lmyself aind to iiny race.
Yolrs, with glrat iresplect,
JOIN WV. DUNJKi .
Wilson's Story.
(Igrant and Babcock--The Utter Rot
t"ncrs of the Adtministration.
(Chihcao Tiltnmes.
A lighltning shaitt, a bolt of shining
light, st ruck the White house the
other da.y leiaving hare ial clear
ini all t Leir uglilte.s the cart u tt
elentit.s that have t1{l enitll up
lont the chief' execliti'e until thle hoti
e:t xi'xecltioli of law lhas bIecome
wl-tre thut a mockery, and mien who
dlesil to i do their duty iare lprsemu
ted iuntil theyl are ready to give up
willtloiig andil curse the day that
Ithey ever tried to do their duty. A
tnilre teirille picture thani is given in
Ilhiidird Wilson's iestimilony cannot he
intagited. It grouips, in a brief, cOltn
ptct whole. all of the bitter anit ctruel
ilbin:'s that have e-:: been said
agalli-t a:nta', rleihn, (tll % with the
itiitillpe:ltch:ile evidenlce of record,
and e.videncet of nioI llnOW living, thllis
pictteo i:i givcn :1 atiiamp uilpon the
hiistory of otur rIotten political sys temi
tlhat no defetnse or tine lt Ci ever etf
'tce. Never has therelL' bieen morei
cliearily showtl " how Gr'int is ill the
powrl of a guang of irascals, anld thatl
with an occasional exceltition there
was not a, single iian in the wvlitisky
ring who did uiore to fetter Bristow
a;1d \Vilsomi in their prosecution ofl
the whisky thieves thlan did (Jant.
(jrint would Inever give either \Vil
sontill or Bristow the liames of tttie peo
ple who told stories ,about thelm. He
never gave them an opportunity to
lefendtl thc'tselvces.
From first to last Grant has only
acted with Bristow excelpt under pro
test. He shieled lablwock to the
last, and during the prosecution of
Babcock lie furnished to hitim ill of
the evidence that he (Grant) had hitm
self prolliredi for himn. Grant wouldl
surnulon Wilson to him, qiuestion hint
as to the testimiionly against himi, and
thei imparti ' it to ihabcock at his ea'r
liest oplportulinity. Babcock, i'Spettee',
Logan, FarUwell, \Ward, and Sargelilt,
wvret time men who were cohnstallitly
wvorkingi ti) diestroy Ilistow and \Vil
s;on. The'y e0lel'n imployed detective's
to pnt uip jobl.' ulpon theml, and Wil
son ill one inisttllie intercepted ait tele.
g;ramn tha)t p:ssed from a witness for
(et. liabcck in St. Lotus, sent to R
critiinal in New York, offering big
lmoney for a case agtinst Wilsolt tllat
won d breakl hin Ulp. This st'rong
gang of thliieves used their niillions of
stoleIn 1 iutler to detlend themuselyes.
It w;as a fitelady glme of nerve laind
braiins againet nlonlleyed rascality and
tlhe latter won. It wouldl be ldi
clri)s toi) explaili the Presihnt's poslt
tin it) this itiittel' iupoi tlny p)le: o1'
iiloccu1e, anlll tlhat he wvs imposed
ulton.
Otto of the strongest poiute brought
oitt In \filsonsa storiy to-tday was thaiit
the great gulf bet weeil ihtistow andtl
thlie Presideit begati when the charges
werl'e mllrdo agailt ltallcock. Tl.is
was so glrat tlhait iwhe it was clear
tialt Iallcock was to 1h :acquitted
Bristow alnd Wilson prepared to hand
in their fesigniiltions. Fato willed
;therwise. Oti tlhlC Sindiliy e'enltilg
followitg lBaheock's icqilital IhBis
tow anlltid \Viloi visitedl tlto White
H)ouse andl placed in thie President'sI
hintids indispitbi evideilice that Gei.i
labceock Ivtn conntctedti witI thetu
Black FI'riday crisel anldt tllhat hIe was
nvolved in it to the extent uf $1O,01).
y113 this disclosure ulr al'lilatalpaeitlly
ibecame reconciled to Biistow, hieeai s
the latter's judgmllent of hlaeCotck was
thits vehiled. 1)isturhlances 51oi0
onlmilil'itiin. Liati and Slpencer
ilwavu hail the ear of the Piesitton t,
iitll cault iiiake hiut believe atvythhit
the'" lilked. When Biisthw tliiludi
iat.l:teked the revenlue thlieves of the
P;ciiic eoast thie cuhinn;ation cae, as
,Ellti.'" Sargent joined ill the hune
;lntd ely agallngt ristmv to saie his
t iervin frielnds.l.
Ie hi t1iglit witi hiu "i in'Bts." Shop"
hirll. ani(Id thely i'ever gave G (rant at1y
rest until he hated ihristow and Wil
atl with, all thie 1ower of lan Ulrea
nii qi'nd, BriStow's r'eSin11tijOll
wai\ withheld until after thlie Cincin
nati Clmvrention, so that hii~ lilltives
ilimd il'ot he , isinitltertstood. Wil
anns Iesignati:Lion wia¶ liisii nd)iii, o ltdy
befiore litistow's. The Presidetni v
er lnoticedi it all exclplt hy aill lpl)loilnt
mieit of a iuccessor. More ,selsation
Al anld Cei'ninatling testiiiolny has not
been developed this session.
- ---.-. --------
Gen. Jeff Thompsorr died at St.
Joo, Mimsouri, on the 5th inst. I
One of Hayes' Reformers.
The Thief of the Navy-llow Radi
cals run the Goccrainent.
Si nee the House of Represeitati e
has~ cut dowti the applli;opiations for
the Lui\Vy sonle eight nmillions of dlol.
har,, mid put a curb bit in the month
of the e.'crVt:ary and his ukobbi, c,]n
tedier:ltes. it wt:uild -stucai to be jii t(;
der tor 3&cor lRobloe:ol to resin., eS
pecially as ther,, is an iuljeaclule:It
h:angilng over 'is head. But he if
not uaturally a resigninig an, anui
the "incris fromi W\Vashiugton that he
had sigitfiedl sch a dcsi:e' to Grant
are yet~o be verifieOd.
In offV,, he is neces.aril" a part of
the great ;uchiuoe of governmlent, itnd
therefore counts for something. Out
of oflice, he would return to olsculi
ty, and he a ltnre cipher socially awl
politically. Nothing but the dread of
i conviction would drive himi into
voluntary retiremenet, and on that
subject lie has no great cause for
alani, after the action in lelknap's
case.
The senate is organized to acquit
all Repubtican rogues, uo matter what
may be the proofs of their guilt. The
stiongetr the evidence, the more cer
tain the acquittal. Belknap confessedt.
his rascelity in office, and yet he es
caped, though he resigned while the
committee was actually trying hisi
case. The President did wvbat he
could to help him by collusioi. Upon
this mui-erab!e pretence, twenty-four
lReplublican Selnators protnouncedl him
not guilty.
Belknap is estimated to have put
aside about three hundretl tlhousand
dollars as the resullt of his corrupt
de iling, while Secretary of War. lie
was in a cl Ionliintl to pay well for
tcounsel, and for all the arts of de.
ifence. Robeson has had much great.
er opportunities than his late col
lt-agtic for phiulitir in a variety of
toritns. ['lie checks in the navy are
farI less etctlient than1 ll thlie army.
The esprit de cor;s of the former does
not ctOmlial1e witlh that of the latter.
Thera are heads of bureausa is the
navy taken from civil life. and in
those blureaus s`omre of the greatest
ifr;ills hlve been perpetrated.
With all these facilities, Robeson
must have piled lup more money thani
ih elknap. The greater part of it is
doubtless in coupon bonds and other
securities which pass like a bank note
by delivery. lie is too sharp to in.
vest largely in property that might
be- discovered and reached. If Cat
tell had followed his ad\viec there
would have been no record of the
riscally. tranilactions in whlicll they
were matutally concerlned. RobesoBi
has oit love for record , and the fact
that the Navy, Department was set
oni fie live f tirmes in a few!\ week.,
shalos that his f, iends cherish a simic
aveleiotl.
- ---~.e - --
A Representative Radical.
Columluos, Ga., aSept. ".--A. L;
Calothni , postofli'e clerk in this city;
was detected taking money from a
registered letter. lie admits stealing
iiinetv-two dollars. le is chairmani
of the ellhilican commnittee of Mu-.
copege. lie was chairman of the Re
pIublican C'onvention of the Fourth
:Congression District, and a delegate
from tflint listrict to the bepublican
State Convention: ITe is now in cue
tody. Fistmister Johnsion discov.
ered tlhe act, andl caused his arrest;
Elo tried to commit suicidle.
The feY. rutand II. lWhite; chair
man of tite lihlhet and Ilendricks
clib at Haliflx, N. C., accomrrn fdn 
Iby efficilt ci,-wworks in the snamd
c(aurse, ilr,,opo',u( to take the sttump inll
the South this full, for the proipose ot
disabusing the minds of the colored
pIeople as far as lie nwi.y of tlheir pre
judices against thie lemoerat ic party.
Mh. White is ole o(f the rlost intolif
gent and efficient polilicilans of Afi
can llblood tlihe country has yet produ
ced. andl his labors deserve to be on
colraugcl. I a riecnlt corin tin in'atlort
to tlie i]lltillltOre Gaize!tt, he nays:
"If the colored ipeople want reform
they must unite withi thie white man
in electing suchll tnu as \'will riefrni';
and inot vote for {eplulhlic:ln men,
who have by thleir ilpllundelr, thievery,
lribiry litl fraud nii tle i-form in the
alfin istruttiof of thle Go,,vernment
IlecessLtry. A corrupt paitfy cannot
reformi itself any Iorl'e lta llall sinner
c:ai en!overt hiiimseilf; If dlone at all
it mlltlt ltiiUe lp;mie f'irol the, ffecCt pro,
dluied ily ia beltfr alnd lul ier agency.
l'olitlicallly lspenkingl, we ire free to'
say Ihit Sanunel J. Tilden is 1hle manf
wllllse electionu will iolitically regene
rate tlhi, countly, restore the mioral
stltitis of the pelll:ople, give employ
lnillt to thlie laboriig, IneiC of every
sc'(tio a lu firev''er ifttle tIe l diTffer
en.ies if every sectiido (if the country
on a l; Iin,, lihais. of peuce and fra
tlenrlI feeling between the races."
........ ,,i, l cm.-- .--- -
lirother llaine opinel thle cam
pi ;,i in Maine for I ie ltrlinhlieansi
last weke,. lie is a ,goolld andl tit rep
reuinlitat ive of lit'. iparty. Il lainae in'
Maine, with his licckets lill lit ioineiyt
Ohion, with llis rinedit 1,blilir shares;
OiIl in t Inlinrit, wiih Iisi Venez'ielaii
c aiilS plliiulder; and tKemlfile in Pennl-li
sylvauiia, of aithditi'io, divisiUl aSd
silence im't, orv-all thiesi; wi'rthicts
ilie w rkii ig lial ii hllill with .lesrr.
li!ucock, liiss Sheplheid, Ladanlet
WVilliaui.s. Plhuurisee l)elano, and Ring
M ister C aliilndler to e'ect Ihayes aiut
Wheeler, iind ci-nt iin' tdie reign of
Grantisio. They are ai nice lot of
fellows to tflk vi- t[ie to the public.
Thi latst :,iardl f-ronm T'witclihell is
thuit he in;Is hu'eni e ngageil, '+for m '
liinited i;usoni," li" the luipnhlicau
shrlw imn i:agir:s of \'ermont. lio is
re-tJinedl, "lt n heav-y cost,"i as earnL
paign siectaecle to tiie the Nrttierlu
mind, miu im-ress it. b,¢ a, jlih\,,cal
illusfamtion u, White Leagnr, anrd Ku
Kinix dialehhrii,. Ta itchiell may now
hile said to .w onn the 'sltiil. ; "