tailed by large numbers of the white Fi
peale of Louisiana that they have
been twice defrauded out of the re
sults of election in which they have
benoe'enesful.
Fifth--While these things are great
evili tiuedh to be deploryd, and likely
to exasperate any people, the course
of tbe whites themselves has tended
trilii'g them about and inflame them.
Tiae simple and peaceful remedies of
o .dienc to law, argument and de.
S:treatment of their oponents
oulifthev had pursued them, ti
have proved eifectual long ago.
Sixth--While we believe Governor
Iellog to. have received a majority Ce
ofth6sVgtCs n1 1872, and while we
believe tb~h was violence, and fraud
whib;petrated the will of the peo
1,-e in many parishes in 1874, the il
legal otder of Judge Durell, and the n,
illegal conduct of the returning board
in at5tepting to care one wrong by W
anotheI'I..nluiall inflamed the pb
pular Ajeoontept, aad lent plausibility
to thtfcOmpraiuts.
gySvth - Tihere has been much
dtfonestty, much corruption in the t
Statb and local , administration in ed
Louisiaa. For this the republicans, at
espeela l inder Warmoth's rule are
largeljryesponisible, although in num- is
erousipstances their opponents have Ti
been equally to blame. " e
Eight t~The effect of all this h11a
bee8:t.pa:an end to the authority 4i
of the law over a large portion of
Louisiana, to deprive the negro of "
is freedom of suffrage, and wholly qn
to4dctroy that value of the methods p1
lpt'idddjb law for securing fairness go
in etfibin, or ascertaining their re
sult.' lis state of things overthrows
repi aP government in Louisiana, I
,ageriously menaces it in the whole 1D
a  A new election held at this
tinin4a-not desirable. It is not ask- ff
ed for by either side and would in
lame and agg~avat . the evils now 8
es is the;duty off Congress a
to t power ai re vested in- it.
by tlDignastitution. It should re- -
cogj tp  lawfi . government of
Loumosianai b press resolutioii. We
think Wm. . 'Kellbgg the choice of
a majiffiy of the voters of Zeuisiana,
an t he hoilýd be recognised ac.
ly. It shcnld provide further
ufegnards for'oldingelesctions and
saspqAntIg hieuralt, it any-cau be ,
at'l t temporary and esperfiial,
uring the s mptoms 'ii th dieise. d
E &i.i d the SBai. to eiliblish7 .
public~ oleation would have gnet
far $ kideinitthe eiril,:iMt may: et
de muchute effecta care. The public
e in-oft0Wat04 f t1i6' omanti" g
ni •viý istin ; of " party,: a
fiit roemove, as it.haasl.:
rbn..it o .. don. e, auh to
ag vterj pil n$i inLoitsiana. a
he ple should be made td c
i eta Thatiptall the a"utbfdi'ot
int national government, to i
prgprerepublican government a1it?!
to the Ig il, its citi:
. be idly, but fearlessly
a l.:.twiotlgy executed and that no
p itjl.country.' will accept the
it :- f e en whoare seeking pow
er by such methods as we have been
compell u&l oeoibedanlesi 'this can
bIdene. iThefreainstitutions of the
;wrts wJilLnot long das
destrctron of those in the
-  l' G.T. -. ,
ii . A. WHELERn, :
.W.P. Favr.
jisasserted as a fact that every
ep:· ewho has turuned his atton
toidset tie instrdductina of the New
ramllySewingJIlachine in his loeal
ity, o bl.q hi:beii fortiunate enough
to scftin agency, has outstripped
tbs!st i .. .'making agee of
tlll. djf m::~~ie nts of the h5
shineis , which latter they
,T .demnand is eqor
and sales so, rapid and OIohMey
* l l with eo i.e effort
UIJ ha .Idh.I Ma .ie6 iji- "'
to bd'"get  gIfit' *eo0 'om:- the
Dato asnupply aae eamterers.
~t#ouibow these mahiniesi
U l~a#liblts. , it being a recog
6taiii iatthe people will buy
l 6Idre~t price. It cer
.,S; M,., s of the times
I t.hoi_ mawerk, as other
:Si P $O.00, oo ad 1er
-e ot ' ost half tie
eue olio' ,good .aerti aic leT or
( on 90al'h e, e w es. the 'vast
*47L::tb..et5d1s of the
,. fa Its" solid
.oinew o ,hines which
Middctally bountad
itr r Is. pxoves t e
;is' anted e d er ay
;-h 8 r ,aodev.M i idable
~o. thaouan sands of
;1 litb thekaonder
doglI rfo~ a
~ mkoe a hon. hop
Si- 'outreat-door, o
atqons-do lo,-n
-YgW1H~9
AJJ.f&:~Sr lPas~
Ef I.la o that
aMo
r c~-~s~btli~i ~ r.
Lý.rr
ýý t^ ,
Financial, Commercial aid River News.
COTTON STATE ENT.
On hand last report........ 4218 bales
Received during week........ 45 "
Total receipts......42G3 "
MARKET QUOTATIONS.
(It should be remembered onr quota
tions are for round lots, at retail, higher
prices will have to be paid.)'
Corrected Weekly by Carver & Taylor.
Cotton...................... ........... 13c.
Hides, dry.........................12ta -o
Hides, green...................................5 e
BACoN-The market is in limited supply
Clear sides are quoted at 18i; shoulders at 13c;
Breakfast bacon at 19c.
FLOUt.-Is in good supply with fair deidand.
We quote XX at $) 5'; low XXX 7 00@7 25 and
good XXX at 8 75; Choice XXX at $9 50; choice
family $11 50.
PontK.-Nono in the market.
IAoG0NGO.-TI fair supply, demand fair. Ilemp
and jute at 19~; per yard. NEo India in market.
LA*im.-In li ght spply with good demand. In
tiercs 20ce; in keg Sa.
ILis.--Are in light supply and demand limit
ed Canvassed are qloted a 20c.
SALT.-In good supply. Liverpool coarse sells
at $2 25 per sack. Fine 152e higher.
SEI, GRAIN.--one but rye in market which
is quoted at $1 75 per bushel.
IRON TIFs.-The market is in good -supply.
The arrow is held at 10 and the button at LUe.
per pound.
Mo,:1AEs.-Soarce. Choile Louisiana is ble
lug sold at-; prime at 90c. per gallon. By thb
keg $I8 0) 9 50
COAL OI.--Is in good supply and is held at
50c, per gallon.
TonAcco.-Supply good. Good medium is
quoted at 65c. and ine bright at 90c.@2 25 per
pound.
CoFn--The supply is limited and demand
good. Prime at 25 and choice at -
Rhon.-No Carolina in market. Louisiana is
held at 19c. per pound.
Conf.--n in good supply but no demand.
SOAP.-Extra olive bar O1e.
Suo.ta-Louisianaprime is quoted at ;- yel,
low clarified a 1ic; cruashed and powdered a
150.
Wmlttry.-White and IRed are held at $150
pergallon; Bourbon comntands $506 50per ga
Ion.
SnoT.-Is in good supply with fair demand and
sold at $2 75 per rack andbuck shot at P.
POwrm-.-Tlhe supply is limited and. is helo1
at Se. per pound.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE.
NOTICE is heroli gtive ; that all Rlh1
N TICKETS hel ld peroni against
the CITY BILLIARD SATL)N, will be
redeemed by A. Kaflie.and E. Ashir,' tin
til M.arch 20t; 1875.
Sa..:..
FITS CUREIDTMREE!! !
dAkny.eoni sffering from the bove
istu o address Dr. Pri,
al~lt ; bot. of m*pltcine will be
fbrwarded by Express;
.FREE!
The only cost being the Expresa-bar
ges, which owing to my largo bnsiiiee,
are small.. .
Dr. P;ice has made the treatment of
S FITS OR EPILEPSY
a stdy for years, and he will warrant a
cure by the use of his reupedy.
Do not fail to leid to him for a trial
bottle; it costs nothing, and he.
WILL CURE YOU,
no mtatter of how long standing your
case may be, or how many other remp.
dies may have failed.
Circulars and testimonials sent with
FREE TRIAL BOTTLE.
Be particular to give your Express, as
well as your Post Office direction, and
Address,
Dr. OCtas. T. Price.
67 William Street, New York.
March 6-ly.
NEW YORK TRIBUNE.!
The Leading Atmerican Newspaper.
THE BEST ADVERTISING MEDIUM..
Daily, $10.00 a year; Semi-Weekly, -
$3.00; Weekly, $2.00
POSTAGE FREE TO THE SUBSCI
BEE,
8pecimen copies and advertising rates
free. Weekly, in clubs of 30 or more,
only $1.00, postage paid. Address '
THE TRIBUNE,
New, York..,
THa EDEMOCRATIC PAPER OF
THE UNITED STATES.:
3 WEEKLY, Published dnesdiys;- t
Full reprts of Farmers' Club, Live Stook
Market' of New Ygrk, Albany, Bright~i,
Cambtidge, and' Philadelphia; the NBw
York Country Produce'Market, and Gen r
erl Pr6odee Marktts of the. Couint4,
and full Report. ot tho.ENw .York Mar
ket, Exhaustive Summary of thbgNew., i
eie $er.........y..a..... . 2.
F. JEcopie;, one year, separately d.
e D1 drse........................ 7
Daly, Terms.-O ear
h . .........'..,.'...,....a. . $i0 00
d geFii-Weekl, Terms.- One copy,
e one-year... ............. ..... $3
y Twor copieagone year, scprately ad
so in (1. -a*, . (is advate. s.)
>f Send in Registered Letter, Poste fLo
d Mond? Ordee or-BIank Draft.- sBieUneht
rV M tameilskpf-'he ebs 9 ir.,
ohane, we ,er W_ ,v.w..bqi;avt djsid.
. mean Copies, P..ete.rs, tc. a, . .
o "Adrtss a MCIFt ttets to d'
sr To the Edit -;*v#oo dicator,
- . Ear , H ...-,
.r WIll u plese inform yar readers
, Ihavy itlio
r; and al:-disorders -oth' Throat and
LI oL ji ' notl' bed I. d c,.so
e, I , to any sferer adesing me.
i. Pl6Aeesh 'i~ etter6 a one you
i- p . w,.whoF e,.jg fr ,,.e
at .,4-1. :-- . <*
. I 1eald
rouIsatiili~icdP ~ LE
Ia- PHliesn~ u~rerd~snl
AI FIURWS ILLUSTI~ TATED
HO1NE MAGAZINE
FOR 1875.
Bright, cheerful, progressive,, always up
to the advancing thought of the time·,.
The l ome Magazine takes rank with the
leading and most influential periodicals
of the day.. It is.oq the side fe'ripe.r
miace and true clhristiani morality. What
ever is hurtiful it condemns without
fear or favor, and makes itself felt in the
homcs of the people as a power for good.
The Great Household Magazine of
America, is more thoroughly identified
with the people in their home and so
cial life than any other periodical in the
country.
"leilorah Norman ; hier work and her
reward." A new serial story by T. S.
Arthur will he commenced in January.
"FIFTY YEARS AGO.; or the cabins
of the West," by Rosella Rice. We an
nounce this new series of articles with
real pleasure, knowing as we do that it
will be among the most attractive that
we shall otfer our readers next year.
Miss Rice, besides holding the pen of a
ready writer, has in her possession a large
abaidnit of original mafiaT1' f'ron whiit
to draw, and. a, wide. acqugipttangc with
peoplo whose personal rinuniscence are
rich with pioneer incidents and experi
OncoS.
"Homes for the People," a series of ad
mirably suggestive articles on homes and
how to make them pleasant and attrac
tive, by Mrs. E. B. Dufley.
"The Story Teller." This department
will be unusually rich. Besides an
ilbunidance.of short 4tories, two or three
serials will he gvlen during theoyear.
"Pipsissiway" Potts the inimitable de
lineator of home life and character, will
have an article in every number.
Butterick's newest patterns for ladies'
and childre, s'dresses are given by spe
cial arrangement every month.
The Mothers' Department will be care
fully edited and have suggestive articles
from our best and most experienced wri
ters.
SThaq Housekeepers' Department will he
fid lleil piratitcl, itl aontain nui n pcalii
trilntions from experienced housekeep
ers.
"'The Lion i;LLove' and "The Interrup
Itd Reader," two large and splendid pre
uniinm engravings. One of these is sent
free to every subscriber.
' $2 50 a year is the price of ARTHUR'S
ILLUSTRATED HOME MAGAZINE.
Ai clubs; 3 copies for $6; 6 and one ex
*a to the getter up of the club $12. 10
and one extra $20.  15 cents must
lie added to each subscription for pre
payment of postage< for,thl , oar4. Spe
iten etunlbetr 15 cente, in currency or
postage stamps.
T. S. ARTHUR & SON,
Philadelphia, Pa.
iPEOPLE'S LINE.
R EOU G LA R exanudria and
Grand Ecore Low Water PACKET.
For Grand Ecore, Montgomery, Mouth of Cane
River, Alexandria, Norman's, Barbin's,
and all wa, hldis on Red
t, lRiver. ;
The Al extreme light
draught passenger steaomer,
BRADISH JOHNSON !
JOHN HEINN, Master.
WM. CULBERTSON, Clerk.
T ILL leave New Orleans every Thurs
day, and arrive at Grand Ecore eve
ry Sunday.
FJor freigit or pasage apply on board -
Jot. 17.-i .
Sinnott'm Line.
Fall and Winter Arrangement.
For Grand'Ecore, Montgomery, Alexandria X
Pineville, Norman's, Barbin's,
Fort DeRussy,
And All Way Landings,
k The A I Iagdifcebht and fast
running side-wheel passenger
packet
BART ABLE I
DicK SxmoT, Master.
(G. C. HAMILTON,
T. J. DowTY, Clerks.
TXTILL leave New Orleans everyrSaturday at
• V 5 P. u., returning leaves Grand Ecore
every lesday at 12 x., and Alexandria every
Wednesday at 12 . .
The steamer ....
will leave New Orleans for Grand Ecore and in.
termediate landings every Saturday at 51'. M.
The steamer
RL. TW.ýFL'.ZaV!ý·'
will leave Neow Orleans for Grand Ecore and in.
termediate landings every Tuesday at5 P. Y.
This arrangement will continue until high
water permail the BHAT AmaL to resume her re
gular trips, of which due notice will be given.
For freight or passage apply on board or to
JULES E. MESSI, Agent
1875. AGAIN ! 1875
LOUISVILLE WEEKLY
COURIER JOURNAL
Continues,for the present year its liberal
arrangement, twhefby,/ on i;e 31st of
December, 1875'it will listhbute impar
tially among its subscribers,
$10,000
In presents, comprising Greenbacks and
nearly one thousand useful and beautiful
articles. A
The Courier-Jourfial is a long-estab
lished, live, wide-awake, progressive,
newsy, bright and spicy paper.
No other paper offers such inducements
to subscribersand club agents Circul'rs
with fall particulars and specimen cop
ies sent free on application.
Terms, 2.00 a year and liberal offere
Addres, -N: NHLIE'N,
Pres. Courier-Journal Co., Louisville, Ky
EEKLY Friday Packet
For Grand Ecoore, Montgomery, Month of Cane
River, Alexandria, Norman's Bar
bin's and all way landings
p on Red River,
passenger steamer
' SEMINOLE.
J. C. M. lrCLL, Master. JA. L. Robins, Iler4
LEAFES New Orleans every Tuesday at 5 F.
X., arriving at Grand Eoore every Fridaf
at 1t x. The Seminole willbe replaced by a larg
or boat when navigation permits. .
Will make close connection at the Falls d".
rintg extreme low water with the light draught
steamer Ida Leon. Passengers can be assurL
tlon and D.ppm mu o jr mind thtatu mm e. x
. will be promptly delivered as in high watch
time.
or freight or p ge a on board or
r CITY HOTEL =
it Corner Caur and Gaivran Streets,
D .5J i ii.
:.-:"i~))t~f+r++::,+,:,) +:. .,A+,/I :
_ '' ', ,A l
WEEKLY AND DA LY FOR 1875 j
The approach of the Presidential elec
tion gives unusual iportance to the
events and developm ts of 1875. We T
shall endeavor to des ribe thorn fully,
faithfully, and fearles ly.
THll WEEKLY SUN has.now* attain
ed a circulation of ov r seventy thon
,and copies. Its read ors are found in
every· State and Territ ry, and its quali
ty is well known t the public. We
shaltnot only endeav to keep it fully '
1ip to the old standatrd bnt to improve +I1
and add to its variety id power. our
TIHI WEEKlAY 8l will continue to i
be a thorough newspal ;r. All the news I,1º
of thedavy will be fon d in it, condons- fail
ed when unimportan , at full length atte
when of moment, and lways, we trust, art
treated in a clear, ii 'teresting and in- .
structive matunner. clai
It is oar aim to niak the Weekly Sun tap
the pest tmnily netrp: per in the world. to
It will' ho full 'o-ent rtaining and ap- t)lc
proliriate reading of e ery sort, but will ll1
plrint nothing to oftndl the most serupni- and
lons and delicate tast . It will always T
contain the most inter ;sting stories and re,'i
ronmuuces of the day, arefully selected tinº
andllegiilvy printed. . . ri
The Agricrultural epartmelit is a ofp
prominent featutle in to Weekly Sun, a e,
and it' articles: will always be lound mrº
fresli i d: usefl to t 'rmer. Altl
'The Xhnmber of me independent in a fr
politics is increasing, and the Weekly vfll
Sun is their paper esp ialy. It belong s
to no party, ;and obey no dictation, con- 11ls
tending for principle, nd for the election ou
of the best men,. It eposei the corrup- c,!n
tion that disgraces I the country and the
threatens the ov.rthi ow of republican ,r
institutions. It hf . 1o fear of knaves, Ilt(
muld seeks no 'favors fronm their' support- ~'la
ol's. -- , :•
•The markit" of evary 'kind and the lne
fashions are regularly reported in its shin
cohiians. ' its
The price of the WEEKLY SUN is one hbe
dollar a yetar forf a sgeet of eight pages, I
said fifty-six columns. As this barely inn
lays expenses of paper and printiug, wb art
are not ale. to make iany discount or al- DP
low any premniun to friends who ay, it i
make speciaLefforts to extetid its ciricla
tjou. Under the new lawt which re- is't
quires payment of postage in advance, art
one dollar a year, with twenty cents the on
cost of prepaid postato added;,is the rate nwh
o" subscription. It 'is not ioeossary :to AL
get up a club in order to have the Week- pmr
ly Sun at this rate. Anay one w ho sends art
one dollar 'oad twenty cents •will get the sp,
paper, post-paid, fora yct , sill
1We have no travelin"g iedts. ti"
iTHE WEEKLY 81'N. -Eight pages, si*
fifty-six columnd.i1 Only $1..20 a year, I
lostsage prepaid. No disconut fronm this see
rule. an
STHE 'UAILY81.--i la rg,~ronr-page pl
iewpapePr f' t;weuty-eig ,.columpsn th
Daily circulation over 120.000. All the
neiws for r cents. .ihecription,' postage pn
prepaid.5 cents a nmonth, a o '050 a ,4'i. t
To clubs of 10 or oier, a.discount of20 sni
pet cent. Adtldless ' m
"TIE SUN," ew qrk City. C
st!
Al
THE pa
Phopl e' Vindicator,
FOR 1875.
We take pleasurein antotuning to the sa'
numerous friends: of theoVINDICTOR, mi
that we have perfected arrangements fot
the continuation of its publication upon
it firm basis. The pnblic amr well aware
of the difficulties unddi which the Con
eervative press ot Louisiana labor;-the i
infamous printing law,.passed by a parti- se
san Lagirdature, ooloyte footer end up- m
hold, at the exponse of the "tael-payers, n
Journalsentirely 8ntagonintioal to their ,r
interest, and at war upon their liberties, l
and by ftrting, uder., the forms of law, th
pur citrizens to advertise in these official li
papers, to break down their power, the
Conservative and Doemocratic press; con- s
sequently we are compelled to depend e
for support upon the generous contrib'u- a
tion ofa people already poverty-stricken,
but we feel assured that they wil not 1
fail to sustain their main power in the
war of virtue against vice
The Fearless White Iaa's Press of o
Loaislaa. fe
The future tone of this piaper can be di
judged from its past. We will continue a
to advocate to suaccess, the rights of the t
TAXED, that, honesty. and capability, i
ALONE, shall constitute grounds for po- tr
litical preferment, and a coitinued and f
never ceasing war upon Kellogg and his il
corrupt otlcials-knowing them to be in cl
'common with their tChief, both isurpers
"l and thieves.
W6 can qssnro the phbli6!thAtie will
not lieettite to attack'thid acts of anyv po
itical organization, Cwhen wte 'tbieve
them to he antagonistic to :publie good.
oWe are~the servant of o clique or party,
1 and intend solely to protect and defend
- tlie rights adnd libertides, in our honest
way, Of thl~ whole people--bolievilig that
we Ihaveo done suetfficient service in the
canse of the PEOPLE in; tboe paaf we S
- confidently expectjtheir ~snupportjin the
6 future. . see a
TEInus: 1
1 Copy 1 yar..,......',... . 3.
1 6mos..;.. ...... .. $2 r
(Invariably in advance.) i
We furnish as apremiimi to each paid
aI up subscrilber; for one year fromn the first
fl of Jaunsrv, a fine STEEL ENGRAVING,
r- 19x2.t inches, of almost any HIistorical
subject.
JAs. IL. COSWIROVE,
: Editor.
d PELII &'AREAUX.,
ul Publishers.
te FLORAL GUE
Lr
4 W' 'at 18 _. .
PUPl TSIEJ3QUARTERLY. JANMIUA
i NT umbejustn issued, and coui'ins
over 100 Pages 600.~ Egaving, descrip
l tions of more than 00 Of our best IFlow
Address, JAMES ViCK,
n, 0K',c:. .Itchestie N. Y.
"r , 7..:, ." . . °'" ., -. ."
SIf e ers, full
d-of ltteretin newsitetre, morous
bt h, etea Sample
8apls $ a yeal,
ot~ bra
.4.. ;3) e'CT,. l'e : > r t 4u . c
A li-presentativo and Champion of American
Art Tast' !
Prospectus for 1875-Eighth leir.
T, , ALDNE.:
THIE A'ARTj JOURNAL [O1 AMERICA, X
ISSUED 1MO1NTIILY. t
Tain
"A MagnificcntComiception, wonderfully T.
carried out." into
Th,: neeessity of a l)pular inedinni for w'4s
the repri*snt aftion of ihe IprohlnetioIns of hea
oar great nrtists, lhas alwnys been rect. Nut.
nizid, and m1.ny attonot. have he n of al
l:Y,(le to imeet the want. 'The sne,'s, iv º ' t
failnurs which so invarihly f|,lhwed r.l,'h t&
att(empt in this coantry to estaIhlish :iu vti
art journal,d did not prove the indifYor- Tl
ena of thel people of America to the ehe:
cla1ims of high art. So soon as a proper l"'
appreciation of the want and an ahility from
to meet it were shown, the pnIldi'e :t at
once rallied with eithuisiasm to its.upl- E
port. and the result was a trreat :titise ide
tend cominereii! trinnmph--'TrE ALhDINE. pl
THE ALDINE, while issnedl with all the wet
rcunlarity. has none of the temporary or e
tihelv interest char:uteristic of tordiblary lie
lwrildieals. It.is an aletgwit .isi tplant ihil
of pore, light and grnaeful literature; and rTe
a collect;im! of pictures, the rarest speci. ti
moues of artihtic skill. in black and white. '
Although enchl sucending number afirds mav
a fresh plasanre to its friends, the real is
value and heanty of the AuixIN will be ! y4r
most qppreciatedl after it has beeln bound id
uIp at the close of the year. While other thei
journals may claim superior chei.pnes. as F, n
compared with r'.'als of a similar class, ini
the AIINExr is a unique and origina:l eon- Co[
ception-almie ainr nnapoiroelnend ,-aso- A
lately without compeontition in price or q
character. The possessorn of a complete ~tnn
volume cannot duplicate the quantaty of ing
fine paper and engravings in any other are
shape or nnmber of volumes for ten times 9)1
its cost; And then, there is the Chrome ulo a
besides 1iln
. National feature of THE ALDINE Den
lmust be taken in nio narrow sense. True
ort is eomsopolitan. Whili THE 'tAL-.
DINE is astrictly Ame-rican institntion, ' AM
it doesmnot confine itself entirely to the Soli
reprodneuction ofnative art. Its mnission alit
is to cultivate a broad' and appreai tiive Wo'
art taste, one that will discriminate only tiloi
on aronnds of intrinsic merit, Thus, lni
whil dnlacingthefore the patrtins of T'l'HE P
ALDINE. nas a loading eharaeteritic, the 310
producntions of the most, noted Anmerican,. xa
artists, attentioli will -always he gives to not
specimens from foreign masters, giving of
slbserilnors il the pleasilure aitdul instrue- Ag'
tion obtainable from home or.',foreigp the
sou rce s. . ' • , a
The artistic illustration .of Aniriean I:1
eemnery,)originai with THE ALDINE,.is Pai
an important feature, nalt its maguiiotie:t ee
plates aie of a size more appropriste t4;
the satisfactory treatment of .details Pa
than can be afforded by any inferior N.
pane. The jnudicious interspersion of WV
landscape, marine, figure, and animal
subjecots, - sustain an unabated interekt, n
Impossible where the scope of. the . w-.k
confines the artist too closely to a:ingrle
style of asubject.. The literatureo.ef THE
ALDINE is a light and graceful accom-n
panimont, worthy of the artistic feea
tures, with only such technical dispoisi
tiopsas do not interfere with the popu
lar interest of the work.
Premiuum for 1875.
Every subscriber for 1875 will receive
a beautiful portrait, in oil enlors,,of the
same noble dog whose pieture in a for
mer isne attracted so much attention,
"MAIN". UNSELFISH FRIEMD'.
will be a welcome in every home. Eve
rvbody loves such a dog, and the portrait
is executed so true to the life, that 1it .
seems the veritable presence of the ani- n
matitself. The Bev. T. 'Dc Wit Tal
nmage tells that his own Newfoundland
dog (the finest in Brooklyn, barks at it !
Although so natural, no one who sees lI
this premium chronm will htive the
slightest fear of being bitten.
Beaides the chromo, every advamice ei
subscriber to THE ALDI!4E for 187. is an
constituted a nmember, and entitled' to
all the privileges of ' all
THE ALflINE AUT UNION. E
The Union owns the originals of all A
.THE ALDINE pletres,. which, with C
other paintings and engravings. are to
he distributed among the members. To
every series of 5.000 ansscrilers, 1.00 dif. Al
feront pieces, valued at over #2,500 ~e t
distributed as soon as the series is full, o
and the awards of each series as inade; S'
are to be published in the next succeed
ing issue of THE ALDINE. This fea
tare' only applies to subscribers wieo pay
for one year in advance. Full p~tien.
lars in circnlar (seht on application en
clouing.a stamp.
TERMS:
One $ubncriptiou, entitling to TILB
ALDINE one year, the Chrome
and the Art Uhio.,
6.00 iper amnum, in advonbt.
t No charge for postage.
Sjcciimen Copies of T.HE ALI)INE, . ests.
. The AwlnnE will hereafter be obtanmable
only by subseription. There will be no01
reduced or club rate; cash for snbscrip
tions must be sent to the pubmlishers direct,
3 or handed to the loeal canvasser, without
rest, msibility to the publishe's, only in
cases where the certificate is given, hear
ing the fac-simile signature oS James
Sntton, President
d CAnVaSSurs WANrro.-Any poson who
wishes to act permbnenth, as a local can
, ivasser. will receive-full and prompt in-f
! I omation by applying to
THE A1DINRE O0PANY,
. 58 Maiden Lane, NEW YORK
__ , -. RY .,'I '.
"_ , ,L  '. '." - .. .. '. ir r, I,
ne F OR 1874:
_ ter,priA -td . .. ..
TpENEW81s e4i'jjtko rDansju
Newspaper Correspondents, uinY .tb)
colle.at t'- . '5, who .wiH.fnistlrfresh
cbI '"S.in...en . @it4 .Ieadlngaitiem,
Y1 and contribute to the ediffgal molumuns.
* | Thb iNEW8 has its owna"Sqitutihiq,
I!!l i(fis .Chbe and Puzzle esithis; pub
u :s -l ,the best _origi7 fsatt" , the best
pie utmnneeilny,, and .th frolsogtea~ad bmenit
5, miscellany, and the freshest 1 best'
Sstori-" m all"io t dtpriii it is
I edited Vit scrupulous care, a$l,_is, in"
; q,gone 'fl the bedt F jily
-send for one.".'
sti er .... . rt es.
• "" ' - .....DubsuW,"b'nu t ,'
THE OEST PAER. TRY IT.
POSTAGE FR'IEE
eaiutifully Illustrat. l.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN 11ow in
its :IthIi year, enijoys ;tie widest circnla.
tiont of 'aiy weekly nc0wsp. pel"r f t he hkind
.in the world, A newL voluhmi commencels
,Jinary ,, r1875.
Its con tents embr'ace thehlatest and mo,
intoi',ting intferim lin:! 1)lt'tl;ililn;i Io the
ld lutrial, hlechl4rlica, :and .;chienti l Pro
.ri s:; of ti:e iV O. l ,l1; I ..ciptV i us, t.Vjlt
1h:itllutifl E,:n 'vi' : ,--,, t n v tio .,
New Proct'.s;h, and Ill'oprvedt l:ldusific'
of all kiudi; Ueill Note., lcic'., I'
m' tlionI nd AdviT, hy 'Practical Wri'iter.. I
fo0: Wr' knui and Employers. ii .111 the t
vttriolls arts.
The SCIENTIFIC AMEI.CAN is thte
cheall( Wt an.1d b1tes iihll.tl t( d wely l' ;- 1
-,I r p b!,li.h("d. E ,very 1)111 i "r c'lntlillns
i'foln 10 Ito 15 olgi,:~nl 'lli " of ineW
liillhilltnerv 8111 o l 1'.I invenlt11 11t
EN(IltAVI',St . iilusl':ttin Improve
,l,. nts, l)i ~,,ct*r , it,.i·wl im plor, "anlt W;'ks,
elir ning1 l to Civil l A :elich4anic:l Enigi
ne!'hi;, Milli:igg, M :i:;g a1nd Metallu'iy;
1illtrd. of the late ;'t ; lr , lressi in the Aip
pllhati nl of rt4iltfln. l tc:u lr i in iotring. ,
il ilwa}., . i: p Ilidil4in,. vi(aIitli .
T 'lerlT;)t!)hVly,4 TlI4l'e l'1r ih 1ninigring, Eleuo
tri'iOty, M1a|netitin, Light and heat.
FAI'MEi , Mechaiiies, Engineers,
iiv'lintnts, hluattiitureirs. Chemists, L[ov
;r' of Seieciei, T'eaheirs, Cl(ergymltli, Law
yelrs;':ta d Popld, of, :1 Pritfes:;io ,s, will
liud the SCiENTfiIc A.Iiti e.ts u'..ful to
them. It shoul litive a plaeh in every
Family, Librtlry, Stully, otil e, and Couint
lig Room;ii ill evetry Re:iling l o111 ml,
College, Academy il oo1 citOl.
,iudl of volni-;s aIre tl'sro;.ved l4r hind
hig anid referenelil. The lractieil rIe, ipit
kire well worth tell tinmsllr uh, e turiltihn
lriche. 'T'hris .': t2 a yean"by umail, in
lndihlg o1. tIunl._f;'. 1iisoilliut to Ctlubs. 8le
odili4ions b1ilt freh ilMaiy be had of all N"ti'
l)eahris.
P ATENT ly s. , ,o ..".,,,
AMIiIUAN, NMa'ºu.,s. MUx-x &.C. ..re
Soiictuieti' ofAmerican aind iForeign Patentili,
arl :Ihavo the elr'gstl? e tlishIenit iU . the
world iMtore than fifty thousand applica
tjiOls hlave beenIlllade for piitonts, through
Lwirahgeu."nc"y.
SPattents ar!e Lbtainledon thlloB1lmtttmiI
!lodels of New invenition luild iasket le
qtxaclined l14t Akl'vico tree.. A ,spclial
notice is numde.ih tho.Scientific American
if all Ihveuti;niS Paltentotd .tJrough this
.Ageyiy,-with the iilnlte and1 1residout of
tlire-.,iPurro. Yateni: arc. oftent: old in,
,art o.ivtholo, to .persons.atltrtllebd t:tli
iventiot l by u,~nh."sotice. 8 ul for
Paumphlet, l11 i puge~, laws alid fill di
rectiunui tli)robtl,:lidll, , I'htenin,
I- Addreos furt tle P*ale,4 ,or coneeruing
Patents. EiuMt & Co., 37 Parrk,.ltow.
IN. Y. Bracih O15 iio o~ir.. u+- di.d , -8ti.
Walhinton, D. G : r .:.t
THE ee
WEEKLY 'ENQUIRER; raI
A Paper for the People, a .FP'.Id of. the wl
Farumoe and Indlstrial Classes, fir
A BEAUTIFULL
NW. CHROMO TI
ENTFITLED ..
it4
S"Perry' ` Victory!"
Gireoto every $2 00 Subscriber. ep
This pleture represents Ciom. Oliver IT rer.
ry In the act of passimn frit otne ship to slotheor
in n asmall upon boat, during the heat of battle,
copte..m. to tho Arm of thie oinet lit
It Mensures 16 by 22i Inches,
-Iy
Is artistically finished in thirteun colom and jN
undoebtelly~ the most desirable chromo breer at
offered as a prcniuut. Single copies efit.sell at tit
S300. -emhave it" a greit outlay kicured I lie iI
9 exclusive control and sale of it, and thereforero
are enabled to rnasent itto our patreonm A ashove.
The o-.SQpOtiu still standes pre emuipet as a
first class Xh'lr*paper. Its variousutpartmnopts P1
allotted to p
Editorials, illmoresi, M
l Agriculture, Poery,
Cor:re#pondenee, Telegraphic
--.- - Ad- Oeeral News. of
All icaievldence of tie care and pains taken of
to supply it a readers with all the news and a Ili
variety of reading tlhatrnnnot fail to interest u
each and every movtLe' of ,thg Ilousebold. Su- lt
scribe through ouir agents tr stfddircct to usl
We desire an agent, at eve.y P1ostOttictle anid
where none are yet, appointed, let some of our 1t
friends apply for the agency. td
Addrqs . L
FARAN & McLEAN, Pb!i ersi', a
C.lI-N ATI, O, f
The Saturday Evening Post.
T'e Oldest and Best Story Paper Pub
lished. aS
Founded August 4, A. D. 1821
ior mre thai' half a century the
atrday vening Pet' has been the
GREAT' LITRARY " WEEKLY t
e of the Country,, a has ever borie ap
o widespread and unºtilneished : putatiou o
for the unsurpassed .pnit}', refinement a
t and excellenco of-the Serials, Sketches I
Saihnd Miscellaneous reia, ig matter.
It is premninently
s The nest Family P1aper~
o that is publishedf in this country, from its
Snever containing anything that would
offend the feelings of any one, either in
a religions or political sense, or th1at
coumid not b jread at any fireside without 1
objection. fron the most fastidionus.
The circulation of tile Saturday Even
ing Poet,: through not quite so large
- perhaps, as its younger contemporaries,
is not, like thqt of some of thiem, fluctu
ating, and too often short-lired, but
SURE, SOLID AND SUBSTANTIAL,
based upon. the intrinsic merit of the pa
per itself and not dependent on any ex
traneouis influences, such as the populari
ty of individual writers, &c.
B. Good, however, as.the Saturday Evein
ing Post haIs beetlii the paht, it is our
intention to make it' still better in the
future, and with this object in view we
will ettffect a mrked inmprovement in evei
ry department o1 the paper, and will
eL call to our assistance writers of admitted
ability and known repultation.
By increasing its forther attractitbbs,
andt adding many judiciouts arid 'pleas
ing novelties, by studying how to please
and cultivate the popular taste, by hi
creasing industr; and enterprise, and by
ýu- eularged facilities, we hope to make'new
by frieuds.with each alnd every issue, And
of ttnitmic to maintain tile claint of the.
t Santurday Evening Post to its'tttld of Tur.
sb OLDEsT AN,' Tile iEsT of Family Story
Papers. , .
ETerms to oubscrbers:
b- One year 1 copy ,$3.00 Otne ontl thWi
e •t " 2 " eipioe 5.00 ,Two nmodthj'sSi
eqt 4 copies 10.00 Three mo. 75
S . -..9.opies...2hu.00 Pour ,md 100
: To any one sending $20 for.a Club Of
in9, an aildtiniiiaT iif,y will be senlt FREEJ
ily pcuen copies can. be had on il ippl
1ie e .ion We Employino Traveling Agents.
' coummnititinomsn'st be iifdressed to
i . r... JC ~ WAL.KER, Peopitor, i
il : I g 7·,' "I ., Walnut Street,:
i y I .Oet. your,4uiatitiig 4one it
Sthe Vxsmovr&To; Job Office.
TIlE ILLUSTRATED
i1UE1 !LOI MAG Z4"!.
WITHI WIIICI IS INCORPORATED
It is tlilt intent lon of the donductors of
this M: ;zilne to still further mtike it a.
inot:1 tfi lhitirary and ileseh:aic'al excel
lr,, t".!.. a v with this view, Ino aivaintilal
w iil nhet igieeted which either talent.,k-.
tailt ial cian iCmnind to render each ir"y
su,. an :i'.r'eabll a;d inltructive Compoll
,litlt t of
iPOIPTIA'R READING.
Its pages will be devoted to popular'
litt rat ulire, s ien e, art, education and sc
ci:ll devewiolunllet. Its characteristic fei.
ture is comprcehen.iveness The manu
stripts now on hand, andi others especia -
lv egag;edtl emibrace an unusually attrat
ti''.e list of )D'scrilptive Sketches of Trav
*il, STrial Sturies, Tales Poems, Paplwrs cl.
.'i tincOt and Art, 'Popular Etsiayi , Naith
tive. litlerary Criticisms, Fashiious, etc..
to,.thuer with a variety of ablo :and i.
tirest ing ;rticlels ull the Imllporltalt.
Qucation:s of the Day. A large propor,.,
tion of tihe articles, especially thoseo a~4
criptivc of travel, will bo ,
1IR%'I' VUSELY ILLU TRA'TED.
The pictorial' enlellislne;ntsif 6the
I!a minhie hlereafiter LcostitutingOn one of
Its muost attractive features.
Tile lnirlnse of the Publishers is to fur
nish t le'riotlicall wi sall be instrue
tive in Thit, Htuiseholdl Thai Library and
The bReading Roolll, 'ving an iibundainee
of entelrtailiug antif iopular literature
and htformation for bothold and younlg,
carrying light, comfort and good iltitAi3
intol every family, and making it accep
table tir tire whole Household-fatho'
antid other, boys and gisl, young lmen
all!! young wmnaeln.
'The llustrated IlHosehold Mfagaie i
iltaudis several Distinct ,Departuamets,
each mtuttier competout and efficient a D
aglleUlmt, iz : -.
1. Sketches-consisting of Descriptions
of, Travel and Adventure, Serialb .8t or"S
Tales anud Narratives, lavishlyind isp
prolriitely illustrated. '. i
i.9 M. .Ma~lany-ilad up of brillliat es
tracts. from new ootik, highlyelitbrta i
inL sket'Lhes of notable'" persOns- ad
thinp.s from the bhet Foreign.u;. bli.VS
tionts. Poem and l,Papers on Scittnce sna
Art. , '
3. Editorial Departineut--iP whiiE is
given hrilliant essays upon & wide ragge
of subjects; social topics displued, ead1
eurrenlt ieidcits .and doillg glanced at.
4. Fahilor Drlepart4Uenit'-eobttinlh a
reomnae of thie Paris, Lolpdt~:.d u it 4
YoIkE Fl#slioils, illustrates wti., ..h'ii
viugs of.thei lpes at st.
ti. Literary Note"s-- letd to yevi we
and eriticisnms of iew lpeuks aldl g.pn rail
ointlllIatiton. ., . ...
.f.. Cildrei's Dopai tma. -fp iihLi.1'
iist' ltiltiel:. and ,ihtetnei iiu$ to t*,
il.vys m tl Girls, and thollse oliler, ep d'
who havo yhv ioug hearts. It' .is eii~atsl
*ed i witlj .higj class illustrations, fi'
Natural tliistorsy, uonderful seyn.ry
rare incideniits, - . .
7, Housokeeper's Department'-- pm-,
.prising informiation and r~eipees, tiiuii
wiell aire orn iinal anud'puhlished for the
firrsT tiins, oal collecte, froid tl:,oil
authentie soPirces - , . ,i
It will. .h the e oliiSit ai. t
Household Piblishing CnIpy t alke
ITHE, ILLLuSTRATED DHOIUE Y)
MAGA.ZI1NE. in the.fIature, as ,'Ao s
toonlihold Magaiziue iae b,ioi lthe
past, ,
THE~ BEST'DOLLA MONTHL ?O -Y
LISHED,
'sptit igd neither eflort, trouble nor lt e
pee in e.: hi uring the lBest Writeag as
contributors, and the Best Artists teopro
A deo illustrations to enrichiks pagls.' ,i.
S- AtWN. WANTIED .
.We require a g qd, fitbful Asge't.lul
evetry town throtig1hout the Utiited Stat.4
. ind cimndi. wll~ will earnestly eigg~e it
o the hllSilless oef roeluring subsiAtibers
n it for a few days or 'a mnnqqlhaul,p4,l gI
p, eranontly--with a firm determinao
Sto canvass tholoiigli and carefuaytieh
Sentire field selected, inipro11ig 5erytpi
Ipirtiltty to realize all that can pu l
Sb'onide from thlie intrddutlition: ettb.
Magliine.
SOur i'Preniua a4 Cllbsg i t 4,, .
ofier great induieeulents for -workiihtfW
our behllf.. Schools and Czelrthi arie
heie'lui" ltantnnl l oppogi f to'l!t
Mnt ical lutyunienfts from t heat e i
nfneturofe, ' with ' comparatively illih
Sexertions.: Artisans, Paofensinal :MIrd
atid Students may gratify their lite~r~l
tastes by' ortdernlg fromi the Clubbiig
List. Children nmayV e er w and owli n r.
longu desired articles ,by obtainiag 'tie
few subeescribers reqi-ird. 'I
TEiRMS:
YEll Y BSTBSORIPTION $1.00.
S.,Specimen Copien, nmailhd, p -itr~-p{i.t,
any addrlse upoi receipt of. Toen a
. The postallge within the Unite4l8si
is TI Cenuts a year, which monst ,f.r
warded withl tile aubsceriptien, ma .tly
n iew Postal L~aw requiing the prelp.
went of all iabgazinqcl. by plbliisdel
themselves,,iuPtpaa of al.Ucrien'e, ,qmu
pels us to collesi tie poutapge iumIavaseq.
a Soend for ,)irculnars coutiaiog rlat,i~o
!1 colmission and inlueementa to. eyaum
t eIs: aid the Prmanimnma i ad Cal.diip
cs i List . ;.-,.
.ilE YOSE' I YILIr .
We cojtitine to offer 'tbhi eelibraf
Oil Chromeo in conneettio with the IT
SIstfated Houstehol l Magainie, furisA.ht
Iing them to our I riiberiitt 'itp. i"
t followong very generoisteirit .'"
a. With Mounted Ohroaw, *2Q00. E
smounted Otoaeio,-'$O.I." ' ,:
Tihe Mounted Chromo ii defltfiitd 4t
our oftice, or by can~v~t erm or btedadti
sent y exipreRs, atki bsextiisse
or s~hit hy Imail iipon receipt of 'lietit.
Cents extra for postage. TIe Unnoiiet
ed Chromo is seit free by mail.
* All communications must'le addiregi
x- HOUSEHOLD PUBLI8IANG CO.,
" " 41 Park Row, Kew York..,
ewomen anul agents, we have judt
a you need Our 9xll Molmted 'C.t
. utlsell Sumything in the mLatt. lt .!r
sn s llwlrii c : "I struck,out' fibte~d.,
dby Wtorkin asy fou:tn r hoiaerse1es, ii .
Slaldy has just reportei her rtLt' fo
Sthe forenolut ifs $5'; yester liip tr o
, o' ock. sh,cleared $7 50. Ilt'in:d ptlo
t .iontd rhibsfion that one agentl o(itr..
, ,( ;I of tihee chromos In. eleven wIhi
i g d4i.s. We have the largest tim lthk
atosort, i :ntn iii the Uitied States a;,lht
d dreds of choice sunbjects from .whichi ::t
t select. We will senl you an aecorted4 ,t
of the Iest sclling free ifl charge oi n~.
Uceiits of ~6fl R 0. Send in your oridde I.,
give us a call Stladtbs by mail 25c., o
12 for r1.
iOTOS T0A: AiNDe tbkY eko
s 2' Washington st.; Bottin Mrass.
1 .5 P. O ...1ox 26 ' .
or Imo! t Notice.
Ito PacKET VpriI1A2xx,7Iupereby notifie
that the irst Instalment of the aon
subaeribed (2' pe edantipeseh lirt) i.
pew Woe. Theaisi rs perslhljiin
blitt ted -to ome foroanl mud se#1dat
their hadebtedtens: . " is uI
" t 'By order of the Directors. ;1.
o i.1U LET,
Niov 99.-tf. *L..'g,