ýr pp P r in the Stale.
gat s of Subscription.
ne } ar. .... . ... . 50
e ............ 1 50
i1o s l .t..il)tion taken for less than 6
Months. _
Spart. his of
Sonu St. Ipenis
lh.asedl to s
W V. It. Jae
still solitary
Stice. Col. J
known, and
* ' Irecognlized t
Y1I' N r: call attentic
card in alot
-- SPI(¥Y is
News and Hnumor, Bossier at
- t- W zees and li
;ade up During the Week their hannel
....-
are prepare
Weather so so. Stone Worn
Bart Able up early. the lowest
r How would an oil mill pay I point when
Where's that Cotton Factory I their work
The railroad talk is reviving rapidly. ~ . S.Cu
Sweet sounds-the humn of sugar mills. pester, El
everal New York drummers have been days pan,
"doing" our city the past week the patron;
How about starting a tirst class Hotel be large, A
here Black VV
The present cold snap has held out the syes
well, our streets
Marshal Little has resigned. This dark nigh
leaves the city without a policemau . ward elec
A Mr. Buaion sold corn in tats town, and it see
on Wednesday last. trumred of
A planeinlg machine would lessen the
cost of building. from flli
The Police Jury ameets on the first Mon- creeps tip
day in February. ever befo
S. W. Kile, Esq., has been appointed eott will
City Marshal. They'll l
Big fires, warm ftir's and heavy over- come!
costs have been plentiful for the past two We lea
weeks. Jack has
Itseems we have ho City Ferry ni`t.- School Bs
'The hiatus between the out-going and in- tiow stan
coming lessee's impedes public travel. cate and
Subseribers whose time is up will mtanaget
please call arottI.l, shake hands, settle up the matt
and take the paper for ,another year. cal auth
The side door of a blar room, says the cation w
Chicago Post is like 'a great many peo- betwes.
ple's prayer books-good only on Sunday We be
Planters and farmers are busy contract- iscnt bt
ing with their laborers for the comting tern We
year. We learn that they are securing The Nele
all the hands desired without trouble.
Joseph Pierson, Esq., front Conshatta, the . Sns
dropped in the VNlstc.'ront sanctum and ,lear to
cheered the whole office with his genial above a
face. Enquirn
Business during the week has been too adt IJ
flat to note. Cotton receipts have fallen known
off, and there is a gelueral complaint all puts fro
around. Na ra
Chirf Joseph has sold his war horse for of snpe
r5. That shows what a hear in the nlar- yet a gu
ket Gen. Miles is.--loston Advertiser. have a
-Excl
lInsband-"4'' love, what suit do you Enost
prefer seeing me put on '" Wife-' Your tress.
Straveling suit, my dear."--Figaro. er tint
Never take the hull hi the horns, young da}.
man, but take him by the tale, th.n yon the pr
kan let go when yon \vant to. --Josh Bil- Son-d:
lings.
Day before yesterday a nman in New
York died so snahlenly that the hody was
almost cold before the grief stricken mel- On
atives found the will.--Htawkeye.
presen
Since Court adjourned the hall af jur- killea
tice looks dreary and forlorn. Jurors and the bt
prisoners have dlepartted and the "official" actul
remains, an evidence of departed busi- Eight
nosa. this i
We nmust again beg our dlelinquent ad- Raid
vertisers to come forward andl pay up. A aboul
large amount is due us and as we owe kille
sad must pay, so shall we expect all.
Two kegs of powder was found con
cealed in the basement of an Arkansas
Courthouse last week, leading to suipi- ui
'ions of a desire to move the county seat. mon
The Editor goes to New Orleans next face
week and leaves "locaP' to fight it out a h
alone. In the meantime, all you that owe of h
for anubeeription and advertisements must to tl
'step in and settle up. and
The apportionmenfeo f school funds for
ibis parish for the last quarter of 1877 twm
'amounts to $2,773,24. No poll tax is in- hroa
elled which is net $1000,80. Why is I
this Mr. Superintendent t ont
We are pleased to learn of the prospect of
'bte speedy and permanent rethlrn of MI. a p
'3.Canninghamn, Esq., to our parish. Jbe hav
is everybody's friend and the whole par- hi
h will rejoice with us that he returns I
to tay. ' ish
the ladies of the Roman Catholic con
gregation will please to meet at the res
Sdense ofM. H. Carver, Esq., at l0o'clock
ldpy (Saturday) fcr the purpose of (
ganuing an Aid Society. ect
'Our young frieud Fred Wilson adverti- mla
's his business at Blair's Landing. He is in
;orrset, good business man, honest and lea
httentive and deserves every encourage- af
'ent. a
Charley Siith, 4hom every one knows Ad
as a good fellow, flings his banner to the er
breee, and i/lla atgation to his 298 8a- cb
lo n. If y6a're dry' don't fail to call on $1
1'Mariah! Mariah! pleaseletme in"!' d#o
isaid a man to his wife, who was looking ec
t-ut of the window watching him trying o0
to open the door with a tooth-pict, '"Iabsh t
tread on my key, and it'sh all flattened
i.";' tl
"Will you always trust mes dtarest ?" h
lasked, looking down into her great i
M1d eyee with unspeakable affection.
he Wras a saleswoman at an tip town
a s tomre, and she told him businesawis 1
Sliness, and he'd have to pay cash every a
lanne',-4ew York Commerciai Advertiser.
1 ,ts I-The Gin house of Jack eDan- I
i ;lear Campte, it this parish was de
i Ulled by fire on the 29th of December.
. 0 Garrett lost 14 bales of cotton by the
s a an we can sympathize with him
! oled a good eitizea. Mr. McDaniel
his gin, and it is a serious blow to
The coldest storm wave of the season W, I. Tun
was experienced by a young man from Court returns
SSyracuse, who escorted an East Romhe
girl Sunday night, and was detected by narriage lce
y her father just at he was putting his Neuville 'p
mustache where it woulh do her the most Ilich'd W
good.-Home Sentlinel, George .ld
Dr. J. H11. Cunningham, having retired Aug N Leroy
from the law firm of Chaplin, Canning- Albert
50ham & Chaplin, starts out on his own R A c
Shook. It is useless foi is to commend the Isaac I)ond
Doctor, his business qualifications are too I 1. Morro
well known for such presumption on ou leunry ssl
part. His office is in the Henry building N A Norris
on St. Denis street, where he would he Ioert Felix
pleased to see his friends. Lamy opi
W. i. 11.Jack, Esq., the old war-horse, is ierre N. Ch
still solitary and alone in his law prac- enrg' \ol
tice. Col. Jack is so well and favorably NI,. lm Cal
known, and his legal talent so generally tlalph Slad
recognized that it would be supert1nous to AN
Scall attention to them here. Col. Jack's ter Exre
card ill another column shows where he it is said
ireceint dedic
is this coity I
Bossier and McKerna, long time citi- was prflI
zeus and first class workmen fling out churc ly
their lanner in this weeks' issue. They of this city
are prepared to d(Q all kind of Brick and date, ti i
Stone Work at the shortest notice, and at body sold
the lowest rates. They will go to any Oe of te
point when called, and they guarantee mhrc' 11
their work and material to hlie of the best. the S'
M. S. Curtis omunds his hborn as a car- tive that i
conlc riatilo
ills. penter, Engineer &e ., in his card in to- le -i
day's paper. Mr. Curtis is a splendid ny ha1 to
workmalan, a good citizen and deserves aill eCr ol rig
the patronage he will receive, hvhichl will
[otel he large, we have no1 denht,
Black eyes - or Jlust under and above
out the eyes-have got to be fashionable 1 on w'Tr i
our streets. As we haven't had very
dis dark nights of late, we conjecture that a
ward election has been held somewhere, TFor "i
ow, and it seems that a very heavy "beat" oc- StFor "i
curred to one of the parties, fropt the S oor
Sthe number of mourning optics. And r
Since our last, tile river has changed
o from falling to a rising water. Old Cane Dogs have
creeps utip apace andti is as high now" as She got
ever before this season. Capt. Dick Sin- s
inted nott will govern himself accordingly - Some say
They'll kick ogain Capt., if you don't
over- come! And a
it two We learn with regret that Mr. W. IH. s
Jack has resigned his position upon the
- School Board of this parish. As the law e
id in- now stands, with its cumbersnome, intri- fed,
cate and lallborious machinery: the school il
will managrement can never be effective. If t
up the matter be left in the hands of the lo
r. cal authorities-t'.he spirit of public edu- d
Sthe cation will become a pride and rivalry li
' between neighborhoods, and thereby be a
,lllly" success. Sir has
tract We beg our readers to read the adver- e la
tiCsemnts of several Northern and Wes- 0, ko r
iung tern Weeklies published in this issue. Ye i
rn The New York Mercury is a first class pa
per for those who desire sporting news' , t
atta' the Sunny Soth at its name implies, is t
dan ear to us ,ll; tIle Courier-Journal, alnd t
genial above all the Free 1'Press and Cninaci fvti o
Enquircr demand attention, while the Sun
a n too and it'orld of New York, are too wellt r fr
allen known as valuable papers to require a letter, i
it all putff from us. wi a
N ,rr.tnt;r n .s - It is said that the age . f
rse f of superstition is passed, but there are nd,
hear- yet a g'eat illil"y woIlen who wouldn't g
r. have a dress cut on Friday for the worhl. a
-dExchange. What the dear creatures
"you most hlaker after is a Weddin's day
dress.- Pliia'telphii Bulletin. The prop
er time for proposals, however, is Choose
,yol dla.--Cincinllti Saturday Night. But
I ' thil promhest day in their lives is the first
o ii- Son-day. -Whitehll Times.
A Big liogt
i New Natchitoches Parish, l
(lly was December, 31st, 1877. t
n l On this day we certify that we were
present ahd saw the scales over a hog
If Ji1 killed in our presence, in this parish, on
rs and the banks of Red river, and said animal
"ltcial' actually weighed Four Hnndre,1 and
e busi- Eighty pounds. Mr. John Martin raised
this hog on the Brazeale Plantation in
elt ad' said parish, and says the animal was
up. A about two years old at the time of being
killed. '. C. Donavan,
;t all * 4[. Baudaries,
L. Omer Trichel,
King White,
Arkansas John L. Bassr
tons A (U)TAR BEIoW PAR.--He bought a
guiiar, and practiced for six long, weary
nty scat. months. But at the end of that time a
smile of joy lit up his wan and weary
as next face, and his brow grew radiant with joy
t it out as he inspected the corns on the thumb
tat owe of his right hand. The hour was 10 p. m..
and he wandered through the stilly' night
to the boarding-hotsq where she lived,
atd directly trader that window Which
funds for had been so often sanctified by her pres
ofd1877reteCe, .e commenced to toot: (Twang,
of 1877 twang, clang, boo), I wandered by.i i the
txx is in- brookside (kling, clang, boo), I wandered
Why is by-i-i the mill"-and tile sash was raise1w
with a crash and a deep base voice yelledt
ont: "I vish as you fall into your brook
o p rospectoff your brookside, and trown yoursel er
dose mill, oderI plow my vissal and call
t etrn of M. a polizediener." tt wus ernel of her to
arish. Jte have changetl her roono without letting
hhole par- him know.
he returns The total amount paid over to this pat'
ish for school purposes for the year 1877
is, $5168,9'2. Say we deducted ten per
aoti t con- cent for incidental expenses the balanc a
t the res would be $4652,00, add to this poll tax
a10'clock due troni State Treasury, less 10 pet ,ent
purpose of ($900) and we have $5552,00 as a total b
school monies for the fiscal year 1877. Ou
0a adverti- elan would be to establish forty school
iing. He is in the parish to continue in session of no
honest and less than four [months or as long therea
ncourage- after as the funds set apart for ea4h lst
Sd. This would give $138,85 to eah
yoe knows Achool, or $34,70 per month to each teac f
nner to the er, for which, surely good competent me
his 298 Sa- could be secured. The dais of St5 an
tc call on $100 per month for teachers in totmIn
Achools has passed; w~ are down to pa
altet me in !" rock, and men and women must learn t
. arn looking economize. Let the School Board thin
him trying over thisndea, and then let us hear fron
_t-pi-ic; 'Ish them.
tI flattened They were leaning on the baldstrade
the bridge, looking into the water. l
16darest I" had a hand like a palm-leaf fan, an e
thher great like a pickle-dish, and no collar. She h
effection.- a foot like a center-table, and no teet
besinsaw They were cooing. He cooed first, andi
uyccash every a tone as gentle and musical as a Kansi
aldAdvertiser. zephyr, he said : "Naney, jest as soo5
rael k M cDan- I sell mny purtatets, I'm going to cla
rssh was de- you thr better or was." Then she cooe
ofeDecember. and, with the customary shrewdness th
ottttr by the women are aeeastomed to display
zewwith him emergencies, she queried, in a soft, sW
rc. McDaniel monotone. "Buck, what air tats fetch
bious blow to in' in the stores now r' And thus
they coo Until it got too cook.
º Vi. II. Tunnard, Clerk otile District by, to be appo
it ard. We fit
n Court rcturns the following as the list of by, is fully coi
Smn:rriage licenses issued since last report. and has tilled
s Nenville Lopez, to Mrs. Mary R Ortis, :ave general
I Rlich'd Washinigton M1i.s Phoebe )Davis, iit'ie sober anL
' , Cominport,
George ,loiirdau to ', Lucy Tiylthr, ltiln :\irlhtirt,
G Aug N Leroy Mrs Marie N Hlge, W Russell,
" Albert Cyrus to Miss Rose Thomas, J I, Fortunle,
" R ley " N 1M Booty, l M11 Spleniet
. E ,.1 C ,Johnsou,
SIsaac )ouden , M 1 Key, IW t Marshall
OR IL Morrow , C D)ehlictux, Ambrose ( ;all
l Henry Russell " Minerva Watsoni, Louis I;allice,
iN A Norris " Elizaclh L'lorens' Vccher.
C Itolbert Feli " Martha Willis, war P
Lany Chopini " (Cor lHenry, IC iRacitl,
s A\i lerre N. Chategnier Marie A Mezicre, Z lach L'(
it- (:o Woods " Maria Allen, ohn Ailleln,
y Wiii. lachal Mrs Chlias Melanitnii, El:dward Daw
ly Ialpli Siead to Miss Lucinda Siims. LC Silhiin
to Ih'osset,
S AN Arrluornltr E t: HIY . -The Rochesl L Lenoir,
Ster Expiress says: "The story is told. alni .\dliaui .lohns,
lie it is said to be entirely true, that at the (Giliman Der'
relCient dediication of a Baptist Church in Lainlie Verch
this cinulty tllhe (rnioliy oft' iiimiiersion F'talicois Tra
ti- was lirfrtmed for the first time in that curh lo Loiisi
nit church bv a well-kniiowii laptist inister lracien Cou
o of this city. W' lici he had eilre.il thlie ,Z Veih'lhr,
e water, an'l while waiting f6r tIll- candi- G;elrge Vercl
Silate, the minister suggested that somec A\lbrnul ]'airul
at body should sinig ani appropriatei hyni loan Blhibicr
Oin 0 oflt tthe delle s who sto6id near by " alsin Bat is)
hc beard the suggestionii, iand withluiit think- 'lThonulims Ales
in'i struck ul tihe famuiliar hynin, 'lI'll for ]) G:illi'ln,
sty. the Shore.' Thue hyInll proved so sulgges' tinstlin mBai
ar. tive tlhat neitlher thle nlinistlr iner the Edino (Castn
to-llrgationiil could refraiin fromit an ildi Gilhert Solt
h hle siln( for soie tiln,, ail the celT it', - :'rulk Jolin'
dii iV hadl to ble poistpooliil untiI the preach- Marelin Sol
all er could regain his gravity." . A Spillina
will 0, Bitch-nary. e ac
ON V AnIEN's DtlnIG. tion:s from t
--week --lin
tery VINICATI. A 1
at Aa
The' moaning of the tied is heard no more. M
i- For *"(Qu1ieei" is dead. C
Stairvatlion camle andii knocked upon her E
idoor, J I
And her spirit fled. O
aged R
ainue )ogs have spirits. (at least thalit dog had). T,
s as She got theI at the .l'lenix, where A
Sin- she died, O
ly - Some say it was the spirts that ntmade her
11-o't tIld; S
And that with spirits not with victuals S
'. H. she was plied. A
Sthe Yet 'tis said that with pIrovisions she was Ii
intri- fed, f
And would eat till she was often seen
f . It full,
e li Alas. the proofs of this assertioni are now
dd- ead,
ivalry No living manl has seen her as a Q(n en
ivflu
y be a ffl.
Shrl has slhuffled off this mortal coil,
edver- The last sail bilow is dealt,
Wes- 0, dckciorate the cold cold soil
issue. Ye hearts, who sorrow felt.
s Deuce take the Qiueel-
At this poinlt water was placed before
!a, ai the Poeti when lie immnediately gave signs 1Holm
ciintili of lhydrollhohlia. S M Sall
lhe Sun Veriinon. ' I M le
º,o 1 i ur friend Cavil Bray, Esq., writes uis a ,T \" Fr
mime a letter, which lie idoes now and then and C F Con
which are is welcome as the flowers in VP Cal
nl.i'. for lie is a steadfast aiind long time ,udg
1 sar friendl, 'from Vernon l'mirish, euclosiilig a I N sl
,nldn't goodly list ofsiibscribcrs and good w ishs 1, I
world. as well as the news frolm our friends Jo C
e t l aer s. th e
i r ll- Business is qulite dull anid the comi- F I h1
ltohose- plint is "hiatd tilmes." Thce hialt ih of theA
t tspeople is very lhie-and with plenty of .,ie Li
h ogl and houtiny they do so munch better ' *j Por
tlhanil we poor fellows down in the low
lands that there is hardly a complllarison i J Pe
7 to be instituted. .1 OWi
re owere An election was held in the "Black tA Pr
ra og Land Cottage" w-ard to prlhiitf lhe sale
rish, on of whiskey, iad the mIUajority hailnst GB Jo
niumal w'hiskl was oneO: TH M
ci and Othr friend wants whiskey abated as a L A A
in raiseud ntuisance. So do we, but our idea is to 'his
tion in make the whiskey dtlrinker pay the ecpen- t at
imal was tes of the governnltct. Whiskey is the ering C
being root of crinle, for the snlippressioi of that
crilme expensive Courts are organized, let these 1
S whiskey pay the bills. The Mofcfet Reg- scribel
hel, ister is the thing--'2 cents tax on every
drink. Onr friend Dr. Harmon, we tin 8
derstand fully coincides with us in this The
booght a view of.thle case, and is working to have Ispeci
g, iear it adopted as a law of the State. this a
i weary We ask our friends of Vernon to drop darke
iwithjoy us on postal cards, or by letter, every courn
e thu lb item of local nexis-of neighlborliood gos- thle 1
1 l-niggt sip, politics, or atytlhing that happens, tnd
ne lived, and we will dress it up for your parish. cinti
W which Don't be afraid, hut send 'ema along. our b
(Tw ang, Sabine. and
bbyi i the Dr. March and J. 11. Caldwell Esq., CATO
as ried were in our city on Monday last, looklibg il
ice yelled as usual, hale an~d hIappy. e
o or brook Business in Sabine has "fell down" as be t
aanc In here, and it seems that Christmas knbck- bers
of her to ed business in the head everywhcre. 0
ut l ettini Health, (so Dr. March sitys, and hie one
knows) of the parish good even to starva- sent
to this pat' tion- for thie tmedical men. he
Syear 1877 Times are so, so. Not good, nor are a
d ten per are they awful bad. Our good friends sent
the balance are now rioting in fresh pork antd with a to
s poll tax good corn crop the Wolf has fled from the
10 pef I.ent door. '
a a total bf Sabine is for a ne Constitution to the we
rr 1877. Our last man.
rty schools Some bushiless thilalges in thte parish.-- our
ssnion of not Mr. Beck, of Fort Jessnp, has sold out his
gg t the'eaf- mercantile establishmient to Mr. L. Barbee
rr eaeh last- and the latter gexitlemin "holds tHle fort"
85 tb each alone. Like Robinson Crusoe hlie is lord
eech teach- of all he surveys. T'h. last lingering re
aleetent men mains of the 'Oarrison." We wish our dii
of $ t5 and friend Barbee all success in his solitude. op
in t oom mnn We invite our Sabine friends to Postal ti
own to pan Card us, all events, "living as they fise," i
ust learn to and we'li keep p the Sabide lepartmeilt, p
Boord think making it of moment and interest to all.
Shear from TheHornsby Petition. el
We publish he al;pended petition and to
aaldstrade of signatures in justice tb the Governor and f
water. lie all concerned in the Hbritasby appjodint
fan, an ear ment. The declaration that Hornsby is
lar. hhe had "sober and honest" is quite refreshing in
Id n d teeth these dull piping times of peace.
, first, and in As a newspaper We have made our com- a
as a Kansas Itnents, in which we reflected public opin
eat as soon as ion; private criticism is now in order.
Ing to claim State of Louisiana, Parish of Natehito- '
een she cooed, ches. '1'o His Exiellency F. T. Nicholls t
ewdne ws that Governor of the State of Louisiana.
o display in We the undersigned citizens of Ward 9
of the Parish of Natchitoches, now con
t soft, Sd 5t solidated with Ward 10 and uumbered 10
u taters fetch- by Act ot the Police Jury dated July 2nd
knd thus did 1877, have the honor t) recom renl to
.your Excellency the uato ofJ. R. Horns
,t by to be appointed J. P., in and for said The
Ward. We further state that Mr. lorlns
by, is filly competent to till said otlihe, An An ti
and has tilled it for several years and News gives
-acve general satistaetion; he is further- I of thallati
more sober antl industrious and honest. Report of
CE Comp,'rc, %osephi Charieville, ' Elizalo sie(
lBen Airhart, CleIpha (hiillot, ters from i,
\V Russell, W 11 Russell. to-day. T
s.J L FIortunlee, L Volsy, a one-stol.
1 M1 Spenie, M ,T Airhart; a ,ie-t
.1 C Johnson, III' ('rnrwell, riv:alled tlhe
\V R Marishall, Jules (;:iallien, opelte pmh
Amlirose (;allien, Carle Galli'. niob claig<
l, Louis t;allien, Newnilin Gallien, each :case
31 4Vercher. C O Lavespere, cans dutg t
Gcrvais tPt1 se'. Luc Poche, sl~ti lllundill
Edward Poclhe, louis Vercher, w i1dows.
L (' Rachal, A Rlahal, Ibetrayed i
Z Z Raichal, Newman Derhbulle, s Ol'tS aOcti
(re rdea] Laucour, 1 Onor)e1 ToiaSillh, own li L
.dlon Allen, Paul Pa]talbol, lifeh
il, Eidward Dawson, Frank Davidsou, tit t.in! w"
n1. Spillman, iridrick Williams, day. The
1:E l'rosset I, Vercher, last day's:
,s Lnoir, Gervais Vercher, day I puIt
d .\lau Jlohnson, Joseph Vercher. the sheritil
he Gilnan DTerhoie, Na'cisse Verchler, lad bi(lln
is Llamic Vercher, Charles Murph, could not
on 1tFrancois T'ranquilin, Louis Fr:'ci him go, at
isat . erele Louisianal, .1n e Cntv, like to tI1l
tel ( iaiei un, i ty, Jol Ve rc , thei, and
the , V ei.lier1,.Julice I M Radial, t hi i , an d
di- ;Geori1ge Verchelr, Josey Valsin, ring the 1
r" Abraim ll'ark, John llas',, the 1111 Ili
n.* Loan Ilnhuier, Stelhcn Hamilton, ibut reeti
1~Y Valsin BIatise, Cyrus Day, te pits (1li
nk- Thomas Alexander, G(;llieni. in the mn
r 1) lG;allien, Carmea (al .lies, if I did
;'s. Saustin lBa ti,, John Louis, woul bh
lithe Edli ('astnear, ,Jlie .llik,
li ( ilbert Sult i -ar, Batr1) it 1rtalian a nu, hail gu]ll t
1- Frank Jiones, O 'Thounnsse. ised that
1.h- Marcelin Smonpayrac, .1 1) lerrii, tp them
.I A Spillman, L A Sets, qish all
would nor
\We acknowledge receipts fir subscrip- and lie s;
tions from the fIllowing nuamied for the ly iani
1.is week en1ding, 11th Janiary 177. ,d, hit
VWilli* ldolmes, NatchlitoclheS Ln. told hli
A V Carter, " < him to
ore. M I, 'lorens, ' ' o d
C J Smith, " " useless
her E Clout icr, I a them oil
I V I (.11:111
J R Williams, , good-y
0 Shalfrath, gide a
S R i Iliitson, i" " aS no
hal) T Schnli, '' prIt for
thlre Ad Kaftie, ' kison.
O Capnlart in, 4 him to
Sher o, arrange
Sas Genius, (il
S Nelkin, th c ured
:nals Dr .1 S St' phens, " " om i
A ldolllte', thiing \
e was Colemnan Levy, " "
L ('art1l, " " and in
S.J A u courllr! anl " I" came t
nJohn Rusen 1 01r
W 1100 a Iiv oirg li
. 1P Camupbell would
(i*n Miss L 1'laisauce, ranged
D Pierson, itshot e]
J C Trichel, " It the si
CL \Valuisley, " " they
C Chaplil, .!: for tll"
G W Kearney, " 1 im ln
JH Cunuinglm, at , ed
M Boyce, ing an
fore Fllarrison, " "f lIt
e Wn 31 Levy, " They
e signs W Homes, Clieag Ill. ot.
S JM Saudall. Willis Station Texas. th
'T 3NI Sill, Annacoco, Vernon Parish La. them
it 44 of time
te s a .J W. Franklin, " o the
n U F Conery, " t lin
vcrs in P Cain, Leesillo told
t Jndge Self, "
ii g I N Smart, " to set
i ishes ho('pin, Clontieriille, La. tr t
fi John Caughliin, Cainpte, La. cook
R E Ilaniett, " ciose
I, co ii- I' E llamniett, (" 'ht p
I A 3 Garrett, " Next
t i.ie Lynch, Fort Jessup La. the
1 tte J P'orter, Pleasanlt Iill, La: "o
l . 11 Caldwell, Many La.
Iparion J B Packer " " mob
J O Willlims, Grappe's bluff La. Am
" Black Ad Prudhone, " " ni
th RW Place, Ilil
G1C B JoyCe, " s.A
TH I McMl1nrrain " ct e
Las aL AAdams, I '
is This w rge arge a good week's work but s1rr
the eYpen- not at all as large as it should ie, coiinsid- that
y is the ering our large number of subscribers. w
i of that We will continueo the publication of firon
izet these payments both of old and new sub- ranl
Rscribers. ugh
w on n Speeial to our Lady Ftlendst his
s in this The VINDICATORI has always been the IV
: to have especial favorite of thile patriotic ladies of
this and adjoining parishes, and in o'ir
Sto drop darkest hours they not only stood by, en
.er, every conrage.I and applaudedl o0r eftorts, but
trood gos- tlhe have done all in their power to ex- o
happens, t.nd our usefulness. We ask them to
1r parish. continue during this year their efforts in for
longg. our behalf. Let themn solicit their friends tot
and neighbors to subscribe for the ViSr,- tll
Iwell Esq.;, CATOR and we will promise theml a spe- Ity
st, lookilbg cial department in onur colilens devoted I h
exclusively to their interests. Who will
down" as be the first to send in a list of subscri
hansknbck- bers?
hero . Oe: OFiRE :--tO the lady sending Rus II
shered lie one hundred new subscribers we will pre- l
tto o tares- sent a Singer Sewing Machine; andt to
nhe one sending its sixty, We will pesent c
i, nor are aWeed Sewing 1.achloe. To the aIndy
nod friends hending us fifty sitbstribers a nice Parlor is
fn n with a Stove i and to the one sending us twecty D
led from the five a Sherman Clothes Wringer. G
this is our first offer and if successful e
etion to the we will eontine to give prizes Now c
ladies let us hear from yon at once. See
h1 n 4risha •I our rates. an 6
Senator Sandiforrd. $
the
We have learned that Senator San
diford, Democrat, of this District, is Co
opposed to a Constitutional Conven
1 tion. The information domes ti us
in good shape, and we believe it. It
b, pains us to state thait this gentleman
is not doing his dqty. He was not
elected tb the position he now holds
d to reflect the views of Senator Sandi- ti
d ford, but to represent the wishes and S
carry out the wants of his constituen- Y
cy-ninety-nine per cent of -whom a
are solidly in favor of a Constitution- 1'
at Convention. Senator Sandiford 11
stands alone with twithell as the c
only District olfidals ib this District (
to- who oppose the calling of the Con- 1
118 tion. Judge D. Pierson, and District
Attorney W. P. Hall, are warmly and
n- outspoken in favor of this radical and
10 only measure of relief. It is in or
tnd der for Senator Sandiford to stand up
ns- and answer his people:
The ,Man Elizaro Afhairs. 1E
An Austin Special to thie G-:alvestonl
News gives the followiIg particultars 1ORTI
of the aflliir:
Report of Lienut. Tas, of the San 1Fr til
Elizalo siege a. d n11 llassNsel, und let- s (gl
ters from otlherlf: at. El I'Plso, received 'ibreauth'
to-day. 'The l( Ringers were forted in Oheely
a one-story adIolf hIiou.'e, havincg bar- the mhre
ricae:idc'l the' windo'vws and doors and 1 As in thi
openled port-hl 5 in the walls. ''hel ss to re
mob 1 i charged them repeatedly, hbut ll I' L IIADP
each case were repulsed. The Mexi- 1
canls (Ici trenches Iid (tocnpied the
sitiloulnding lhoses, fortifyin g the
windows. The iRangeri's w ere linally Origi
betrayed into a sL'ret'i er by A.\ki- i St,,
son's action, who (ldidft so .t save his ri ten.i
own life, but was killed at once. The' thIi n'
fightit.g was continuous foir whole h .,Mi RI
day. 'he lietutenait writes of the
last day's: .\t sboit I '- o'cnlek next
day I ii ut. 1'1p a I1ig, 1s I wan ted to let Th
the shetrillt' of Pecos cunty gio out. I le '11
could not recmlin ltonge. . 'lThey ht ri
him go, and secnt me word they unil
like to talik with e. I went to meet in wll(
then, and they agreed not to iil l - d t-lol l
Irin-g the night and would talk to ite in +ti iit
the notling. They kep t their word, t
1 but erected for'tltieations, mand dug t i
fie pits duringl thaI t night. I met thel tll
in the iIoringf, ai taieV told tue that to tit
if I did not give Howard up they terel s
wonuli blow the quarters fup, ias they hr iw.l
ised that if Ilward would go diwn 'lf h
tp tthem of his own ftee will and relin- li olr
i quish all chlaims to the salt lakes they vira,,
would not hurt himi . I toil icltlard, it,,l,
i l- and he said : "I will go, it is the on- islt e
he ly chance to save your lives, but they ,lonri
\ill kll kill e." I went \ "downl with lIowl - lice. a
aid, hnt before hlie left the quart'ers I superi
told him publicly that I did not want ainy 1
ichim to go, and if hl would stay I
wouhl protect him. 11e said: "It is Thg
useless for us to attenpt to stand I fa\or
u them off any loner. This is our llo- 0 '1,:
l ly chance of escape." ' le 11 id the ti ys to (ion
good-bye. gave his vailuables to MeI
lBride Alnd Wre walktied (t. As there sip
was no onfe at their Iluatte'rs to inlt'er- t~ihr
| plet foit us, I sent iack tor iihn At- J"o o
kinson. When he I-nfle they took cnud
a him to another rInom ad made some "1"1
| arrangements with the mob. lie re
a turnuedi back to the quart'erS and told i'
Sthe boys that I had 'orderd them to lv at
come down with their arnes, as every- dc'.,
thing was peaceably arranged. When etl'..
Still' mten arrived tHuy wele disannedt Al
S aund imprisoted. 'I'he leadfles then and
c llame to the Alif told thle Could go to uls
i Illy own men.
I osli'eted and said that I had
S bronght lHowiril at their request adl T
woul notl leave him till all was ,It
ranged. Twelve men filed in and ti'r,
sholve'd mle inllt another roomll where ll I'
" thle sherill' of Pecos county, whonm ,fll
'1 they still held, was imprisoned. Then Ie.
'u for'the fist time. I heard that mylt t;i'
ltmen had snlrendered, and that John \
At kinson to save his own life hall be- co
traved themt. They then lheld a meet- f'i
loilg and all determined on the death
of lioward. Atkinson and Mf'Bl'iide.
They were led about 100! yards and
shot. Nine men froml the other side
4tf the river did the shooting.l The
i Lmoll velled whether they shcul kill
S them all-meanittng the Rlangers. Most (C
of theimt agreed, and hit for Chi eo i
" lintuilla they would have doner so. le 4)
" told them if they killed one man
S Moril lheh wouhl tilr' his OWn Coll t- al
S mand l n themi. .The- then tiid i lie
to send5i some of ily melin tIl te qtilr'
ter to Ilfik after the propenly and
cook s dupper for the rest, nodi tlhat if I M
,hose I coctdl gil to the quarters and
sleep. but under a stlotg guard.
Next morlinig there was a reiewv of
ithe tiib, and after mn teuveriting the
trools the leaders made speeches.
Two of themi fron the oilter silde of
the river made strog appteals to the
mob tii kil hot rhtly us, but all
S Amelriant S in the outicry. The mob
ngain consellted, aind butt for Chico
lHatilh) would have rushed and killed
Anoth(r party writes thatf litt ward
acted with great coolfess altd hetray
ed no fears ot death, ucd that his
surrender saved tihe rangets. Also
cotsid that the Mexicans belhigi,,g ill Texas
hrs.wee scarcely able to p1'evC~ut those
:utio of from Mexico from slatglctering the
ew sub- rangers and all tite Atmericans ini the
country. At the beginnint o 'the
fight, Ellis, a citizeut, istarted out of
his house. Two d(15ys after his body
was found in the sand hills, his scalp,
e le ' of eyebrows and beard torni off, his
ifthoait cut from eur to ear, and stabbed
i t otr twice inl the heeart.
The election of Judge Wise in Cad
do parish over his radical competitor
for the Legislature is a sweeping vic
tory for our Democratic fhiends df
that parish. The Democratic major
ity is363 ; Looney, radical receivih
1 but 35 votes outside of Shreveport
.1 Well done, Democrats of Caddo !
Bossier parish, long a radical strong
hold, was captured by the Di)morats
also. 31r. Vance beating O'Neil, rad
ical, badly. Both Vince and Wise
are straight out Democrats, and the
issue was squarely made-Radical or
Democrats, with the result named.
Gentlenlentof NatchitochIes, are you
ready to follow the lead of redee med
Caddo and Bossier I
Mr. Speakah! I movo that the per
diem of the members be reduTced to
$7 75. 1 am in favor of relfort, and
thaR by "'slow process."'
Cotton Receipts.-
Received previously, 3,920 bIles
" during the week 269 "
Total 4,189
Two million six liundred and six
thousand dollars i, the sumn of the
State taxation paid in for the current
year, 1877, by the people of Louisi
ana. Add to that 3 millions more for
parish and municipal taxes, and yon
have aboit the tgure. A total of
$5,6C1,000 which, paid in cotton at
t $40 per bale, requires 140,150 bales to i
- pay it.
t Dost like the picture!
we have not much F;ympsuthiS for
those vho complain of that hepaitic or
renlal troubles, wheni %hie meats of
partial or thioroughl care is in thieir
reach. UJBo Rowme Stomach Bittore.
EWU' I011K MERICR TY, vl !
FORTIETrHl I YEA~ UOF PUI lC l(rON
S 1For lrty years the N v. tork MtrIury
has been hi'eel h'efim' the puhli' :a wIl
i ; illt gncst tlhrlugliholt ,the letglth and \TI. F''1]
lii leadlth of tht' world. This Piionlr of \I (
\ Vceklh .huirnin :li.m. it l.as kept p'ie' wit h II Cham'rs
the mflrch Of Iauprovemmlnt anil Progress. and sec.unrd t
S.\1 in the' 'ast so in the Fu'ture, it propo- ed to sto.' :t
i s's to retain its rank as the frei,'hits and u
I .'ADIN(, Ll'I'ERARY F'.\MIILY AND ) at'i of ,to)
SISCE IANEO( 'S .IJ)i\RNAL f ll>w n :
,1iti' c n (''nl
O. TcE . ," Thirty live(
Originality is romet rmn .'ni F,,ure, es
peiially in its Literary ('oluimns. Its S March 21
rial St (ries are 1hv tv h I' l",t Anthlllrs, its
ext..siv' list of ,ntltrihtlors l Imril'at'ig
the ntau's of th ,' most tb.tr:tedtl
'\MERIC. Al EDIOR'Ii A.N WRI- 0 a
xt tE O1 ITI ): liivrri.d at prit
rt lThe I.:l:r t(ltY has atihivci d a Nation:il orters hlilt at
I, tetlllation f;'n it, Sl,'tchti s of IbollluaIci A. li:ulk''s pr
nd and 'l 1 Lif'. a lihlt in whi.h it has no
i rt rival. Anoth,.r spte ialit " is its De . 8-lin.
I T.\IiLE T.\AIK DEIAR'':\'lENT.
t in whi'ih :peal'rs reglun l'v the '.h. st . 1 )
In t .hou ht of lth' lhst minds " ovrtl(initg
\ith divertii g i: dot, s, vivacious pIi - T1 Ie Ph-nix
ti in
rd try. and (ll11ni: 1 conrcits. caters f ill
TilE IiOM': ('IRCILP
tm While the La:lies arc alsr ilway.n T i J TT
it to tind in the M I 'nra :i articlehs of living t r
interest to the fair sex. Chihllre re va
cl tercd to in a m:annr dc uiln'ed to instruct
I v is \will a;s amu11 se.
lic' or l ,r.mial inm'rtalnice in the 'Thlat- I-llANDI"ES.
rival, Musical, A ui' :r d al .uriety .'orl'h
til, Its rOrrespnl,:lldtl s h\\!io (o 'vr lt. h llnln- W i'1
on- ispheris- veir iithul ani ii nduui trit es-
IWY t ontribute regularly a t',1l. cmnprehen
iW- sive, and rlialih htnagt of inforimationm
rs I suprior in u ctIrn't'y and scope to thal of
aut ai nur:ald puldi:.hcdl. RICH1 ST.
SI SI'('IAL F.IATI'IIES. lon't f'r;
It i Th'e \m: rtna''l, is the only r ,gniz,'d tn St. lDii:
Iantl f lorit' oif the Voluniit'r anid aid FI'ire
ion- itart ncnts of the I'ion ani d ('anaila, -
i t's ,lording,r as. it does ,Iro ptiiv and ex- i 'i I
i than~tit ,lv. all alttaiiitlo fact s anid .Z"i-t
sip. l):;ring tie siasit itt' o t (ltul-dor BO
he Sport's in:lny 'coi ns atre dtv\'ot( tt t the Itw
ftl\'avorit;' gall' of llasleball. It, reports of
At" ºuns, rnd its :tahular rcori'ds of plays D'NI
toolk an players, are the hest, lhlisheld.
""' T11E NEWS ANI) (ENERAL DEPART- HIGH
Sre- IENT,
told R iwas vmrace s'pecial iarticl's on tihn' Eggs for
\ to aind inter:'sting topivs; ditorials, con- Shipped t
te:. - ns,,t, news itetms, hlllllltoroui' 1; ar:agr'al|hs
i Altigit ther in point of variety. quantity Bull atd
then and qaility, the Nt;W YonK Mitt; r'tY is
go to unsurpatseVd Iy any Jotrral in the World. Dec. 8-
[ had TEI'I'RMS OF SIhSCRIPTION.
nt and The Niew 'VYtiK M int(oul ', with its tif
as ar- 1\-six olt1 i s o 1 st:r ling, i gin td im t L- L
Sand ter, will c hl t11 .I iss.c d to 1ii(ht:
tal'c Celnts a ciopiy. ad sold hy all lneWslun 'it ('l
where and pit"'ioieat dalhrts in Amuri'a. To will he in
l.'hol ,mail s:lhtscriicrs our terms fitr 1,i78 will receipt fo
'IThet i lI' (caslh in alv\'auc'e : -Single copies (Ipos- City.
it my tage paid). Ttuim.;E DoItt.S I'-tt: ANNUM.
Johi Write plainly the name of post-otlice. Dec. 21
td he- county and State' Spiiecimenn copies sent
meet- f.ree to all appllicalts. Address WIL- J.
death IIAM ('CAU'IIWELL,, Propriet'lor' of the Have I
ti :\ N Y: tt'R M':Incu'Iu, No. 12l Fiulton
d strect, New Y'ork City. .lan 12-1t. se,
Is and 1 11
tr I side 1'I'.IAT'I CITY EXPENSES. for Cott(
till kill Be it ordained by the Mayor and ('it' ;cs
Most Council of Natchitches, That the tdl- P S.
r Clico lowing estimate tof expelnses iof lie City
lh. Ie of Natchithc.h, for the liHscal y'ear 1,7S.
smhnltittcil by thi Treasurer, of lthe City rPI l i
Sll firt said year, Ie pl lished for the tltr' 1 i 1
ncotml- a in tihe manner required hi law, to- day dis
ol i m :hnsil
Sr Sltry of Mayor $250 00 of the la
ty and Salar\y of Seclretary &t Treasurer 200 lil
Iat if I Ilatr " oft City Marshl al 4100 (0
ers and l'idge anid Streit Fund l100 I Nti l
tiimrl. Sust:iini' it of il' a pers 300 t(l
vir . L'oitin ien ],nt luid 300 00
ig th $2450 00
ti'ts. ------ - --- Cor
i'e'to tle A gents n
l)(tb Wanted. AlL]
r Chico ]'OR PARTICULARS, ADDRESS
I k lille Sj0 SESING 1IACIII\1 (0,
Iolward 829 Broadlway, New York City;
tetra Chlicago, Ill.; New Orleans, La.;
tat lit or San Francisco, Cal.
,,,tti RUPTURI.
i th Those wishing Rtlief and Cure fair
18 in the Rulure slouldl ottnsulIt l)r. J. SH-ER
g of tie lT MAN, 258 Broadway, New' York.
11 it of Send lets. for his new ,ook, witl h
his body Photographic likcnesses of had rnses be- class
Itscal, fore adu alter ciute. Bewa:Tre of chets1 t
of', his wsho pretedtl to fuilnish Dr. Sherll'a l ' '
1 st ubbed treatliclt.
Oue oftheso fellows, a germn clerk, IILAi
now calling hinself Dr. W. G. Crempieu,
is indicted on complaint of:Dr. S. .nt
ein Cad- awaits trial for forgery :iud embezzle
ti ument.
_tU ..__ti tor --------- - --
ein ids f tU llal~i, ill case, 13c. 25 witlount
cnse, .e. g Itt new funir cards: l10c. Outlits A
:ic major- loe. F. WASIIKURN & CO., Middlebo
receivlihg ro, Mass.
Ieveport. NEW ORCA~S 1 I) sto l'S $12:, 10,
idlo ! $ttt, 12, r8 5, 9, .t55. 1'ia',s retail 1,rioe
r $750 only $2l. S~etul for conutthi'tlial
s irculars. l)ANIEL F. IEATT'1, Ja
c cl stlrong-. c Was.hington, N. J. -
)enmocrats
'eil, ad- : New oil and 2 new iZiifirlenttal
i )itCe's Shcet uhltie, oCi silve'r or
and Wise stps. Music Pub. Co., Middleboro, biMass.
Is thel ll ----
-s, aul C ARDS 25 Styles 10e., or 29 Chro
Iadical or 25 io Cardi 20)c.; with nanle. J.
it nated. llustedt & Co., nasat, N. Y.L
Sare you $50 That Sanford's Radical
edeem ed 0 Cure for Catdrrh will niot
instantly reivci alndt speedl
ily cure. Referelt'es5,
I t'tir Vclls, Esq., Wells
that the per Farg & Co., Auror, N'
rreduced to For a Cas atton, rmnt &E ow-q.,
'eeo'it1, and ell, St. Louis Testilnotn- Li'
als and treatise by inail. li
- of Catarrh lrice, with inproved in
haler, $1. Solh every
where. WtEiEKS & POTTER, Propriec
, ,92 b\ ldes tors IBtto1, 'itss. Ut
,9 COLLIN'S VOLTAIC PLASTERS are
4,1 19 IARSDEN'S -
Ir'" i six Pector al Balm,
sumi of the
, t the current THE GREAT REbMEDY FOR
le of Luonisi- COUGHS, COLDS, AND
" n's' orc for 0 N SSU IPT IO N.
A total of FINLAY & THOMP3ON,
in cotton at New Orleats, La., Sole Agt's.
10,150 bales to FOR SALE BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
FOR RENT.
_-E li",NDRED AND FORTY acres
symppthl for O rf opten land, situated tin Red river,
that h eelutie or three miles below Granud Ecore. All un
thte healc of der fence with a residence and three good
e i s in ticabine. Terms easy.
re is in thei Apply to G. 0. 80MPAYRAC.
oach Bitters. Dec1 l-lam
4ri'aid Eeore
WAREHOUSE.
1 W^M. FRENCH, Proprietor.
IT \VI.( plrchmshed the blHsiness, of
, C'hamb.rs I ]ha.I.hee at this Ilp j*t.
iadn seClurd their serVie' t, I nIit prepar- *
ed to stohn and forward prlmptlv, all
freig'hts and cotton conyigtled to my care
1) lh' i of Storage in futIti',i will ie as
ftollo,' :
li11 en ('Cents t. r 1arre fo"r freights.
T 'hirt\ live Ce( is per lah' for ('tition.
1
|tat M i'h 21--tf.
WVOOD.
OAK nod AS1 wood in any size de
livered at pric.es to snit the tiimes. All
i orders lIftl at 31. 11. ('arver's or Mrs. 31.
c A. l:ui ke's protoptly attenlded to.
oIt J. 1'. JOIlNSON.
Dee. 8-lin.
.1I(.RO [ TIEllH ASHT ES.
SThel Phintix has put on new lifet and nowr
eaters for publit favors.
t rJ !W tren Saudhlh
&a
net
has taken charge and DAN n6w dispenses
Stihe choicest
RAIC1I ST. LOUIS BIR ON DrAFr.
I)on't tforget, ye tlhirsty, the PIII:NIX
iz d on St. lhtnis Street.
IFite Feb. 21.1y
a t, -L -
Q6 COHIm: POULTRV YARD,
dour lUi.OR DE IX t STiRtEET,
the Between Pitt and Prytan!ia, New Orleans.
days I)'NLOP BAKEIRI, Propr:etor.
a"'- HIGH CLASS POULTRY,
tilt. Eggs for Hatching $3 per Dozen.
( il- Shliped to any addlt'ss on receipt of
apty ('alh
Iutity lltff and Patridg&e Cochin a Spe:
iiY ciality.
iorl. Dec. 8--3m.
NOTICE,
ntat- 1 LL l)el: luient taxl\ayers are not ited
igt t:hat in casei of the absence of the
sen -ity 'Collector, an anthorizd TI)eputt
. To will h in his tllice during oflice lollrs td
S will receipt for taxes 0and licenses due the
aCity. LEON (;RENE .\IUX,
-oflice. Dec. 21 1877. City Collector.
"'s sent
WIL- J. J. McCOOK & Brot,
itf Ithe Have the Celebrated Chufa Seed for
2-it. sale, and they pay the
Il1G(IEST CASH FIGURES
for Coltton and Hidlles, and have a full
assortment of go ods at the lowest crsh
p Ggity . Nov ?4- 2mo?
he t1tl- P 'ces.
h o City s
-i its. Notice of Dissolution.
I t Citi II law partnership heretofore exist.
i to intg between tile ntIdersigned is this
aw, to- a:Iy dissol.ved by mlllltullal co(lllllt. The
old Itusiness wili be attended to by either
210 00 of the late firmu.
200o 01 P. A. MORSE.
·400 (t C. F. DRAN(UET.
1 i00 h0 Natchitoeles, La., Jan. 2, 17,.
0o o0 ..eoopolcd Cartel
smljo 00 QOPIZD BIOISE
Corner FRONT and HORN Streets.
March 25--1y Lunch free every day"
a.LFR ED .l. IAY EUR,
W.; Wagon, Wood-Work
- AND I
In BLACKSfllTIItY,
LL, KINil DS O1 WOOD-WOrIK DONE
,Iqb i1- a't the shorte't notice, and in a first
Shll erai's .YVorkmanlike'-anner.
lnekrk, IBLACKSMI'II ING DEPARTMENT
rrn S.lnd IN CIIHARGE OF
embebzzle- JoE NEoLoI0.(Y.
S it HORSE-SHOEING A
. itht SPECIALITY!
Mliddlebo- - --------
- SHOP ON -
,s 8121, 10, CHUllRCH STREET.
",, otideticl NA TCIITOCI ES, LA.
ATTY , Jan 5 '78-ly
on, N. J.
1imnillenttl HUTSON'S
silver or C.
th will not -
e ac,,e, s nd, St. Denis St., NA'TCITOCI OES, La.
Anor , N. IS PREPARED to c'immodlat.e th
llt, lw- puldie iil everlythiling in tihe Fec Itlltm
Teti on l Li ver- line. Stlde i i: st h :4's1 atd ar
iti bb y lil. ra'lged esciialV f:tnr the convenlieinc e and
upir,' ued in co fotiift of stoik.
Sodl e very- FIEED FOR HORSE $1 PER DAY:
lR, rroprie Thutus and Imggies on hire and fur
Tnished proimptly on appliecation.
STERS are t . P. 11UT''SON.
Fib. 17--1v. Proprietor.
Praetical
am, WATCHMAKERi
DY FOR --AND
ION. iT ow l
P Watches, Clocks, and Jew
ole At . elry carefully repaired and warranted.
dlR AUtSs. Standard TI MIE Kept
)RUGGISTS. and W\teli det and regulatedl correct:
-ly, free of char,'.
.A line it oPf WATCHIES and CLOCKS
FORT T acres for sale cheap.
on RTed river, (Office on St. Denis st. between 2d & 3d.)
Ecore. All un- Feb. 3-1y.
•and three good
OMPAYRAC. Get your JOB PRINTIMO
•OMPAC. lone at the VLNDcaTor1 Ofliee :