Midnight Assassination.
(olored Man's Brains Beaten Out.
iTHE SUIPOSEED MURDERER CAPTURED.
No Law! No Judges!
A most diabolical murder was com
mittedi on the bobv of a colored man
named Jules Jouffrion, who has been
,.,m:ployed as a servant for the Rev.
:.r. Gallop, on use l reville. The
,particulars as we learn them are as
oi,llows:
On last Thursday evening the boy
went on a visit to a neiglhloring col
ored woman, to whom lie was paying
attention, and returned to his own
house situated near the residence of
Mr. Gallop, at about 10:30( P. M., and
went to sleep upon a pallet on the
gallery. The murderer evidently did
his foul deed while the boy Jules was
aisleep in this position. At about one
o'clock Mlr. Gallop was awakened by
some of the neighbors and told that
the cattle were in his field; he imme
diately got up and went to call Jules
to drive them out, he then discovered
the cabin occupied by Joufirion to be
on fire, and rushing in he found the
body, the head beaten in and the
brains scattered around the floor, it
had been dragged in the ,'oom fronm
the gallery and had been covered with
bedding, rags, &c. The qurderer to
more effectually conceal his work had
set fire to the house. The head of the
murdered man was horribly mutila
ted and beaten with some heavy in
strument. The neighborhood was im
mediately aroused and the greatest
excitement prevailed, as tht man
Jules was well liked by all, both
white and colored, being a pious good
mnegro. No cause can be assigned for
the outrageous crime.
Amos Wright, a disreputable and
notoriously bad colored man, has
been arrested charged with the mur
der and suspicion points strongly
against him. His pistol was found
near the spot, and le had been heard
to make threats against Jules Jouf
tfion. a
Thus crime stalks abroad and our
Judges are dodging around. We
would advise our citizens to be on
guard against criminals at this time,
and it would :,e well for them to
torm vigilance committees for pro
tectiou.
A CARD.
Ton'! .E llow.c'itizceus of4'a.tchilocuhes
'Pari'!.:--l d.~sio. to ray in misn; !C
vindication of .myself and of my
character as a good citizen, and wish
ing the prosperity of my State and
the welfare gand supremacy of my
race; that i have withdrawn from
the political association known as the
Republican Alliance, which I had
connected myself with in its infancy
in our parislh, some three months since,
with the purest motives, believing
that the object was for pure and last
ing reform in the aiftirs of our gov
ernment, wlich at that time were the
avowed objects. But the conduct of
the majority of the members has led
me to believe .otherwise. I amin fully
coutidenut that the organization, al
tlhoughi its intents may have been for
good, will be used only to continue in
power the persons whom we all desire
should no longer be placed in posi.
tion of public trust. For these rea
sons I desire my fellow-citizens should
know that I am no longer connected
with the Republican Alliance, and
that I am with my people of the Ie
foral Association, for lasting reform
and honest capable men for office.
Respectfully,
W. P. MORROW.
July 25thi, 1874.
We commend this editorial taken
from the La. State Regisiter to the
consideration of the Natchitoches Re
publicas, as it seems to take delight
in copying eztracts from that paper
which bear on his side. The warning
given us here is in time and deserves
the attention of our people, that we
may put ourselves in a condition to
resist any sunch action. All we de
mand is a fair election and a fair
conunt and we intend to have it. What
a~'y our people to this ?
"Offices in Louisiana, under the pre
sent management, have becomg as
much articles of tiradets cotton biles.
The Governor of the. state does not
hesitate to place them "where they
will do most good" to himself or
friends, or to forther some scheme of
plnnder or fraud in which his favo
rites, if not himself, are interested.
Laws paessed by the Legislature and
will be approved by the Governor,
whose avowed object is to carry the
elections against the majority. The
Governor has how in his pocket, a
bill that he latendsto sign before the
nexteletlo~ , giving 1lm more abso.
lute control over the eleotionso, and
the will of the people, than is pos
sessed bythe moet absolate monarch
on tbeglobe. Under this law ofices
will be given to favoriter, whether
they are elacted or not. The dirty
work of the party 'will be paid for
with ofdices, tMhat honestly behlng to
other and better people. When the
Smajority of the voters are democratse,
this law is to furnish the legal means
to place the candidates of the minori
tJy in power. This system of legal
ied frauds is keeping the State in
continual turmoil. Can the white
league be considered as entirely with
out excuse in its illegal and revoln
tionary action, and threatening to
carry the inext election by folrce
Where is the difference, in carrying
an election by driving voters away
from the polls or by a system of legal
ized swindling, cheating and misre
presentation, under the alleged pro
tection of law, as is proposed in the
coming election 9 If this trallic in
offices, this defying the rights of the
majority, and this legalizing of frauds
is to be continued, the entire army
of the United States will be required
to keep tle peace, in this State. The
republicans ruist be honest them
selves, bethre they can censure oth
ers for rascality. They must measure
out honest justice to political oppo
nents, before they can themselves
claim immunity from violence or
abuse; and an honest economical gov
ernment must give place to the pres
ent one, before prosperity and peace
cain conme to the State.
IContutaic·iated.
Advice of a Colored Man to his
Race.
Pear friends and acquaintances, ye,
formlnly known as free men of color, fir
a long time I have deemued it any duty to
tell you a few words iln regard to your
status in politics. To-day, I have matde
up my mind to do so. Renwmaber that we
belong neither to the white nor the black
race ; that we occuply, therefore, a mid
die ground bet ween those too shades of
color, of which we are, as it were, com
postdl. What ought we to do to get rid
of this equivocal situation which will
suffocate us, unless we take care of our
selves? To whom ought we to appeal for
relief?
Ahl That is the question. Yet, we
have to take a side, or remain neutral.
But why should we remain neutral, wheni
we have the same rights and privileges
that those two races have, under the law f
Are we not citizens as well as they '? Yes ! I
Only. we do not belong to any race. It I
devolves upon us, therefore, to join the
party who offer us more benefits ; the
1party which is the wisest, the most en
lightenl, the most capable of protecting
us: Which party is that f I say without
hesitation, and in a loud voice, that if
we vish to ei men, as well as our children,
in the lnture, we must, without hesita
tion, array ourselves on the side of the
whites.
If you want my reasons, for so doing,
I could give you a thousand.
1st. The white race is more competent
to make laws and govern States, than
the poor blacks, who serve as tools to
the leaders of their party. It is a com
motion devoutly to be wished, by every
one, that the white race should take the
govermnent reins in hand.
2d. From the beginning, the whites a
have extended to us the hami of friend- 1
ship, promaissing to protect us in all our
rights. What protection, pray tell me,
can you expect from the black race,
when they themselves are not protected
by their leaders, who hold them, as it
were, by the heel, in the dark, to rob them
and the whites alike, since wwe pay taxes *
as well as the whites. And the poor
black men-what do they do for them i
Nothing, absolutely nothing. They do
lude theta with the hopd that tile gov
ernment will give them lands. But re
member, that if such were the ciase, your
lands, free mlen of color, would be given
away, as well as those t" rihe whites, and
perhaps, yours first.
If, however, there are some anlongyou,
as I believe, who, up to the presen.t mno
ment, have been prevented, e ith er
through ignorance, or bad counsels, to 1
side with the white people. I implore you I
earnestly. to do s now. Ilesitate no
loager ; thcetime has conme. Show your
selve s as men of intelligence and mgispect
ablility. What more should I say fth youll ?
The Supreme Being has givecn us intel
ligence to understand; eyes to see ; ears
to hear, although we do not belong to
any race. I believe that we have seen
and heard enough. I beseech you to re
fleet upon this saubject seriously, and Ibe
lieve tlht you will not hesitate to side
with the white race; for that race alone
can save us. Let ust then, ulnite our
voices to theirs at the next election.
Truly yours
N. P' 1ETOYER.
ICrnommnniqu6e.
Conseil d'un Homme de Couleur
a sa Classe.
ites chers am!s et connaissances, vons, Ihom
rnes de conleaur libree, depain loogtomps jo
erolase qu'll eat de mon devoar de veouas dire iu
moet, ib t6gard de notre position dans la politi
que. AJonrl'hni j e lme d6oide. Suuvenez.
vouns quoe nons n'apprtenous pas plus i la raice
blanche qu'i laI race noire; or done. noas sqm.
mes entre lee deux nuances. desquelles ndus
noua tronvonse compoe6s. Que devons.none faire
pour nous dibarasser de q*te situation 6qul
voque quli nous toufferma .l nons no pronous
rs garde A qui done s'adreaner your avoir
Ah I voils Ia question I Et ii faut pourtant
prendre un parti, on rester nontree. MRai
pourquel resntorions none neutres, qnand nouse
aronas leo mnmes droits et privilhmes qu'enx,
devant Il Ip 1 No eommes.noneus pas de eitoyens
conmme eut Oui I Soeulement nouae no sommces
rpa de race. Ii s'agit, done, pour nous de pren.
Ire leopartlqul sus sofre le plus d'avantages,
lpatti le plus sage, l e plus 6clair6, le plus ca
Irb de nous protger: qauel eat ee parti Jde
ei t ans hbsitation, et & haute voil, que ci nous
voulous Atre des hommes ainai que nts enfants,
i I'avenir, nous devons, sans bh6iter, nous met
tre du eatA de la race blanche.
S1 vous me denanales ime raisoan, je pourrais
vous en donner mille:
le. Larace blanhobe a pluesdo capacit6 pour
faire les lois et gouverner de 6tats, qune les
pauvree noiars, qui servest d'instrument asux
ehefs de lear parti. II serait bien i seuhaiter
pour tons, qua lee blases priesent les riues du
goevernement:
Id. Depuns Ie prineipe, lee blanme none Mt ten
de une main d'aml, en noespromettant do nouns
prot6ger en tout. Dltes-mofn, quelle protection
peut on esp6rer de la race nore, qnand eux.
minmes, is ne sent pa prot8f6gs par leurn chefs
qui lee tionaeat par le talon, danas les t6nibtes,
pour non pfllerantant qu'il vorelent lee blaneoa.
o ne sons payone de taxes omnne lee blass,
]St lee panvres aoira l que fontefls pear eux !
Rlio, Sboolment rleia. ealdment on les berec
toejourn do 'espoir quo le gouvtrnenent lear
donnera de terree. Sonvenes-vdls bleo que si
cola arrive,.aos tereas pannereont aut bien qune
celles den blanare, e pout.Atr lee notres lete
premibree.
Ml done, il s'en tronve parml vous, comme Je
le crol., qa, juaqu'a presots, out pu, smo par
fante de connaatnancea, on par des manvls con
Isells, 6tre empgchis de e miettre da cat des
blanes, je Vous engage, do toutes mes forces, de
vois ranger de lear cth. X'hdesites pa d'a*
vantage, car i on eat temps. Montreo-vous des I
homtea intdllgn ta et rep etables. quo veus
dirai-je encore IL'Etze oprinme, quosiu nesa
ne soyons pMs de race, nose a ndons e inter
Iigemee pour nons en eervlr; dee yearu pour eoir,
et des orellls pour entendre. ae erois que
noue avonassese vu et anes entendn. Jo vaos
prie do bien m6aditer ce saujet, et j'ai len de
ctroe quMe vena ous n'h6iteres pan vorne mettre
du e6o6b de Ia race blanche, car o'aet elle qual
nous avera.. lsodenedo usne mule voti i
I'tleetion proebalne.
Tot i vro,
N. P. METOTER.
"Is it a sin, my father," maid a belle
to her confessor a"to listen to men
who say I am handsome n "Certain
ly, mny child," said the abbe, "you a
ought never to encourage untruth."
Court Week in a County Town.
[A WESTERN CENE.]
r-
BY W. H. JACK.
Inscribed to Hon. Albert Pike.
'Twas court week in a county town,
The 'cck of jubilee ;
And Judge and Jury had come down,
Wih the member the men ol the Bar, Court of
hieers, et al., after dispensing a satliiency
of justice for tihe day on which this oc
curred. to "Johnie Ifaily's grocery,
To take a little spree.
"The Magnet" was the telling sign,
That hung above the door,
And judging frotit the endless line,
Of individuals of atll classes and cond!
tio ns chat were on this occasion tenllding
iii that direction ab if iltinelced by an
insuperable attraction,
That sign a teaning bore.
'Twas clear the Ihluse could never hold,
The homnogneteas pack;
And hence in lahg;uago kind but hold,
The prolprietor in view of the situation,
announced with eqal courtesy and tilr
1ess that "the Jedge and his sort tirst
should take ashake' and then each other
squad,
Should fire and thll back.
The programme ;uited to a charsn;
They drank anwi tarned away,
Too jolly all, to think of harm,
So vertvlilarious were the primary etfects
of tilhe "fluid": Indeed, fr an hour or so,
there was a greater profusion of brother
ly love, permeating the assembly, than
is often seen,
Since old King h[iramt's day.
llut this was all too good to last,
Just then there rose a shout,
As loud and sudden Ias a blast,
To the effect, that at that very mnonlelt,
"Bill Simpkins' Tige" was afoul of "lHai
ley's old Bose" ana that if he was not
forcibly disengaged and that very soon,
Ile'd tear his insides out.
Pell-mell they rally to the spot,
(Alas, all pleace had tied !)
Where "Tige and Bose".were at it hot,
And had but fairly commenced to cheer
the waning zeal of ' Bose" when Bailey
very inconsiderately, with at piece of
scantling about eight foot long smote on
the head of "Trige"
And killed him very dead.
Bill Simpkins now, was wroth indeed,
And swore at every breath,
That every vein be had should bleed,
Untilhoe very Inst drop of his phlpita
ting heart andl the balance of his physical
econony- should he exuded, did such. de
pletion ibecome necessary in the execution
of his purpose
Of, avenging Tiger's death.
"N'uf sed" the eager crowd reply,
"Fair play ! Hands off's the law !"
When in the twinkling of an eye,
Or maybe sooner, the parties in interest
were at it bad : The same lasted with
nluch violence for twenty three niinutes
and then closed out on sixteen othler
tights and the d---dst thrashing on the
part of Bailey.
"Those diggins" ever saw.,
They quick resume the broken spree,
And all are friends atgain,
But query, Bose, "oh wfhere was he f
When folnd, his position covered a space
between a ftiace corner and a mnle, at
tached to) each other by a short rope which
was testing the relative forces of action
and inertias
Above, where he had lain.
Next court they brought themn to the bar
And tried them for the fight;
When Bill went through without a jar,
As did John Bailey also: on all except
onle coinlt, 11pon the which, on alcconlnt ,f
a special verdict, the judge did "fine him
five because of killing Tige"
The jnudrtent served him tighllt.
Committee of Seventy.
M. J. CUNNINGHAM, Chairman.
NC 1i. Carver, W. A. Ponder,
D. Pierson, L. Charleville,
Henry Levy, Joseph Martin,
J. C. Trichel, T. Chaler,
J. A. Ducournan, W. W. Breazeale,
Amb. Sompayrac, Sidney Harrison,
W. O. Breazeale, I. Kahn,
J. Genius, C. IIH. Levy,
J. D. Addison, J. W. zuddath,
Jno. Genoe, M. Hertzog,
P. A. Simmons, W. H. Jack,
S. O. Scruggs, T. Schuman.
J. E. Keegan, Win. M. Levy,
A. Prudhomme, Felix Bouis,
B. A. Terrett, Jos. Henry,
R. E. Hammett, E. V. Debieux,
Ed. Phillips, L.! A. Deblieux,
A. V. Carter, W. B. Butler,
J. B. Flemming, Wm. Payne,
Willis Holmes, E. Mason,
J. H. Cosgrove, Jacob Kile,
Jno. Bludworth, W. S. Campbell,
C. A. Bullard, Mortimer Perot,
V. Gannie, H. A. Weaver,
N. H. Campbell, R. W. Taylor,
J. M. B. Tucker, Dr. Cassidy,
W. E. Russell, Sam'l. Parson,
Chas. LeRoy, Geo. Duncan,
J. J. Rains, A. Lecomte,
J. F. DeVargas, C. L. Walmsley,
T. J. Jennings, T. Haller,
H. McKenna? Alex. Garza,
M. Tauzin, Valery Murphy,
R. L. Faulkner, S. M. Hyams,
R. M, Kearney.
Poltical.
BOOMs DEMOCRATIC STATE
CIENTRAL CQwMMITTrE,
New Orleans, July 6th, 1874. )
At a meeting of the Democratic State
Central Committee, from the several par
ishes to meet in New Orleans on the 6th
inst., the following resolutions were ad
opted:
Resolved, That the several parishes
throughout the State, and the several
wards in the city of New Orleans, be re
quested to elect delegates to a Democrat
ic State Convention to assemble in New
Orleans. on the fourth Monday in August
next, to select a State Treasurer, and
membersof Congess for the several eon
greeaional Districts
Resolved, That the Democratic parish
organizations in the parishes, and the
Parish Committee in the city of New Or
leans, are requested to cause these dele
gates to be elected by parishes in the
country and by wards id the city.
Resolved, That the basis of reprcsen
tation shall: be the same as for the last
I )emiocratic cmvention. Every parish
shall be en itl.: to at least one represen
tative. Thls rule applies to new par
ishes.
Accordingly the several parishes shall
be er titled to representation as foJiotvs :
Ascension ........ 31w ihlonse ........ 3
Assumption......5 Naiehitoches...... 5
Avoyelltes........4 On)liehita..........4
iBaton Rouge Ea.st ]A i:llllnemines...... I
Baton blonugowest I 'oi!te Coupee.... :
Ilienville........5 Htaiides..........
Iossier........... 5 Red River........ I
Caddo...........10) ]Richland .........1
Calcasieu n.........: Sabine .............:3
Caldwell..........;. St. lteruart ......1
('aleron.........1 St. lHelena.......4
St. Charles....... 1 Carrol..l ... .. .:
Catahonlh........ 3 St. J!o. i;aptiste 2
Cl(ilorne .......10 St..lanmes...
(Cineordia ........ St. Landlry...... 1i
D)eSoto........... 4 St. ,:tartin ...... ":
F'eliciana, East...5 St. Uary .........G
Felicia;na, West...- St. ':'anmany.....2
Franklin .........4 'liensas........... I
(rant ............I ..1 Terlhoine......4
Iberia ............ 1 Tauipiahoa,.....1
Ilherviille..........2 ioa............ 5
Jacksmi ..........5 Vermillion .......::
.Jeftbrisrn ..............7 Vrlnon ..........1
lathyette........5 Washington......2
Lafourcih ...... .. Webster .........1
Livingstoi........2 Winu ............2
Madison...........
i'.tullH o41 o(V ) ,:A1 : .V.
First Ward ........ 7 Ninth Ward.....
Seconid Ward......9 Tenth WVjr..... 9
Third Ward .....12 Eleventh Ward..6
Fourth Ward...'.5 Twelfth Wardi..3
Fifth Ward........9 hl'loiteenth ward :I
Sixth Ward.......1 ]"'onrteenthl ward 2
Seventh W'ord....... 6 Fifteenth Ward :1
Eight Word........
EMILE: LA Sai;t, Prcsshlent.
AriE:nti Vooiln?.:s, Vice-President.
W'u. J. BuLaDENDo001FI, Secretary.
Address of the State Central Committee
of the JDemomr'atic Part, of Louisiana.
ROOMS DEMOCRATIC ST'ATE: CENXTIrAL
ConMrITTn, July 7, 1864.
To the People of Louisiana :
The Democratic State Central Commit
tee, in convoking a State Convention of
the I)emocracy a:t New Orleans, for the
fourth Monday of August, A. 1). 1874, n.p
peals with confidence to all conservative
voters without reterence to Iast political
atliliatious, to unite in the election of de
legates to this Convention.
This counmittee is not uluinidful that
soaUle may be ar1luctaut to join the ranks
of a party, whihlt in past contest's, they,
have opposed. But this party is tile on
ly national organization now confront
iug Radicalism aind battling for constitn
tional principles. Printtciles, in violation
of which this usurpation has been foisted
on Louisiana, and oui people subjected
to political anl jaudicial lpersccution.
lecent dissensions autlotg our people,
and awdeep and abiding desire to unite
all the elements opposed to Radicailism,
admonish us not to risk everything upon
our own isolated and unaided efforts; al
though, in this emergency, duty prompts
us to exert ourselves as it we were de
pendent upon our sole resources.
Issues are forced upon us, whiheb we
cannot and do not desire to evade. But
we will meet them with such detern'ina
tion and energy that we cannot fail to
achieve success.
We do not contemplate interfering
with the temstitntional'and legal rights of
the coloreun peopl, but, on the other
hand the Democracy are determntined to
uphold and maintain the rights of the
white man. 'rThe fact stares us in the
fiace that the negro element has been
gradually, bItth.effttnally abhsorbing the
Government of Lonisiana--the logical re
sutlt of its conmhiped partisnu action, :a a
race ; that uhder the shallow pretense of
l'gislat.ing against class or race distinlc
tions, the colored Radicals have invaria
bly been establishing such distinctions in
disparagement. oft the whites : and that
the tiendenciy of Loutsianai Radicalismn,
now thorounghly controlled by themn, is to
establish negro supremacy in Louisiana.
The incubus ot excessive taxation must
be renmoved. N'o taxts should be levied
or appropriations made, except to carry
on the functions of government honesly
and eeortgmieally administered; until the
tax-payers of Louisiana shall have had
an opportunity to inquire into the nature
and validity of the obligations which
have been issued in the name of Govern
ment.
T'herefore, forgetful of past diffterences,
and casting from' our breasts all heart
bnrningsa let there ihe a cordial union of
all the conservatives of Louisiana.
The Democraltie party has no enmities
to gratify, and holds out the hind of fel
lowship to all those who are disposedl to
aid us in this canvass. The vital issne is
redemption fiom a corrupt State Gov
ernment and local misrule.
€ EMILE LA SEIR, President.
A LB. HT VOORIES, Vicr President
WMr. JT m[nUDgnaontat Meenret.
D. WALLACE. G. W. BANCKER.
0. G. WILblK. J~. WALLACL.
JA. WALLACE.
WALLACE & CO.,
-Importers and Wholesale Dealers in
DRY GOODS,
11 & 13 MAGAZINE Street, and
79, 81, 85, 87 & 89 COMMON Street,
NEW ORLEANS,
Aug. 1-ly.
DANIEL PRATT'S
IMPROVED COTTON GIN.
PRICE BEDUCED
To 04 Per Saw..
C. L. WALMSLEY, Agent,
July 25-tf. NATCHITOCHES, LA.
NORMAN L. .INDERHILL,
JUSTICE of the PEACE,
FIRST BARD, CITY)bF BRTONROUGE.
Deposition promptly attendcd to..
July 4.-tLL
HENRY GENIUS,
Worker in Tin, ( pper and
SHEET IRON.
Corner FItRONT & TRIWDEAU STS..
NATCHIITOCIIES, LA.
Also, constantly on hand all kinds o'
HEATING AND COOKING STOVES
of the most improved pIatt(Trns.
All my stores sold at city price ani
guaranteed to be as represented. ,ili
eral advarrtages offlered to the trad e.
Also, a line stock of Tinware, Metallic
Rooting, &c.
G utters and pipes promptly and care
fully repaired.
HENRY GENIUS,
Corner Front and Trudeau Sts.,
Natehitochest La.
Jan. 17, 1874.-Iv.
O oWE-O .
Silver Gloss Starch.
FORI TIlE LAUNDRY.
alnufa'lctured by
T. KINCSFORD & SON,
ISASE iCOIKE A
1HOUSElIOLD N 'CESRITY.
Its great excellence lhas lmeritolled thel common
datiun of Europo for Americalll an nfact ure.
L'ULVERIZED CORN STARCH,
--lpard by
T. KINGSFORD & SON,
Expressly for fool, when it is p-operly made
into Puddings, is a desert of great excehlleuce.
For sale by all First-class Grocers.
June iJ I ln.
Dr. Sharp's Specific cures Dyvsppsia, Liver
Complaint. Constipation, Vomiting of Food.
Sor Stomach. Water lBrash, Hearthburn, Low
Spirits, &c. In thirty-five years never failing
to cure the most obstinate cases. Sold by
druggists generally.
Ageuts for- ---- . Depot, 145
Eighth St., N. Y. . Circulars mailed on appli
cation. T. LACOSTE, Agent for Natehito
chles, Las. April 18-6m º
The Saturday Evening Post.
The Oldest and Best Story Paper Pub
lished.
louuded August 4, A. D. 1821.
For more than half a century the
Saturday Evening Post has been the
GREAT LITERARY WEEKLY
of the Conitry, and has ever homre a
widespread and unhlkmished reputation
for the nusurpassed purity, reitln l'nentI
and excellence of the Serials, Sketches
and Miscellaneous readlfug matter.
It is pre-eminently
The Best Family Paper
that is published in thiscountry, from its
never containing anything that woulhf
offend the feelings of any rte, either in
a religious or political sense, or that
could not be read at any fireside without
objection from the most fastidious.
The circulation of the Saturday Even
ing Post, through not quite so large
perhaps, as its younger contemporaries,
is not, like that of some of them, fluctu
ating, and too often short-lived, but
SURE, SOLID AND SUBSTANTIAL,
based upon the intrinsic mehit of the pa
per itself and not .dependent on any ex
traneous influences, such as the populari
ty of idlhividual writers, &c.
Good, however, as the Saturday Even.
ing Post has been in the past, it is our
intention to make it still better in thel
future, and with this object in view we
will effect a marked improvement in eve
ry department of the paly, and . will
call to our assistance writers of admitted
ability and known repntation.
By increasing its former attractions,
and adding many judicious and pleas
ing novelties, by studying how to please
mnd cultivate the populant taste, by in- l
creasing industry and enteprise, and by (
enlarged facilities, we hope tq make new
friends with each and every issue, and
continue to maintain the claim of the I
Saturday Evening Post to its title of Tim
OLDEST AND TiE BEST of Family Story
Papers.
Terms to snubscribers:
One year 1 copy $3.00 One month '25
" 2 copies 5.00 Two months 50
" 4 copies 10.00 Three moe. 75
" 9 copies 20.00 Four me 1 00
To any one sending $20 for a Club of
9, an additional copy will be sent FREE.
Specimen copies can be had' on appli
cation. We Employ no Traveling Agents.
All communications nmpst be addressed to
R. J. C. WALKER, Propietor,
727 Walnut Street,
Philadelphia.
WlEElLY Saturday Packet.
For Grnad Ecore, Montgomery, Alexandria
Pinevill,, Norman's, arbian's,
Fort DeoIuasy,
And All Way Landings,
The Al Maglfeseat and fast
running adle-wheel passenger
BART ABLE!
ThCK H~FOT, Master.
'. J. Downr, J Clerks.
XILL ran as long as the water will pe-nit,
leaving New Orleans every Saturday at 5
r. K., Grand Ecore every Tuesday at 12., and I
Alexandria every Wedaesday at I2 x.
During the low water seson, the Bart Alle
will be replaced by the A Ilight draft stceamer
o f SABINE! I
For freight or pasa.iar applv on Ioa;rt or t,
JULES 1. )1ESSI.,sr A ,'
Tire iWorld's Fa orite.
1'llC .1.\I:. of !th SI.EI last 1Cs1
w,:as the, gr'eats t ever attaine'd tfr
any S$.wing 31:ahiue in a year. and wase
nearly double the :ia', of its highest
(omLpeltitor, as *a}y he ~~taI by re|irenero
to the 1, ccoll(ntt of s:ale thr IS73, from
Wi)otn returns mad|I O t the own'rs, of te
e~.wing Machi in~ P'at"eti-from whihli
statisticts ve sleet the live lhealitg mna
chi..es, viz:
Th'h Singr shl 2:12.444
•' W\lelehr' W1il on, " 11!.19(0
'" 1)omestic, 40,114
'' (rover & fh'Lker, " 36,1i6
" Weed, 21,769
It will li ,i)hservetl that the diffirniee
in avot of It h ,IN(;IER, is the enllnr:niOis
amonlont of 113:, 54 over the highest loml
petitor. Tl'his reinit lhais beenl obt4ined
after rars of coiilipet ii ion.
We inh,anit to oil interested public if it
iws clililmng too miiuch to :ay - tihe 8inger
is the most ]popular ewinig Machine in
the world.
(iEO,. . RO'IRT.4, Agent,
Sinigor Mlimuullicturing Co.,
atlchioche*, La.
Jun,'e ;:t-:h).
J. F. DITTRICH,
-Importer and Dealer in-
 s LEs, G ."'s IN s-TVoL,L
Gun Materials, Amnnition and Cnt
lery, I;ri'ech-loading double guns, of the
latest ilnlproved paterns.
Sole a:get,, for the "Bismark. DI)nble
b:irrel Needle Gutn.
.4o. 82 Chartres Street,
NEWV ORLEANS, LA.
Muzzle loaders altered to Bretrh loaders
Also repairing alone with neatness and
dispattch. All work warrentzt d.
Mardich 7-ly.
NEW ORLEANS AND GRAND ECOREI
PACKET COMPANY.
PEOPLE'S LINE.
CAPITAL STOCK ...............100,00O
Divided Into Shares of $100 00 Each.
BOOKS 0f S ClBEIP'ION0 for Stork in tl;he
Sabove Cmplanuy,organisedaccordiug to the
laws of Loisaiana, relative to corporation ; are
now opened in Nafchitoches. at the office of L.
DUiwx . Esq., who is duly authorized and em
poIwered to receive subscrptions. Twenty-.fe
dollars (~25) per Share will be required to be paid
inaiasb by nbacitiberslwhen called on. any in
thr'e uomthas. The balance when required, in
installmenets of 10 per cent of which three
months notice will be given.
JOHX HEINXN.
Natchitolhes, La., April 4, 174.--tf
GIF GTE as
The only Reliable Gift Distribution
in the country.
$50,000 00
IN VALUABLE GIFrs!
To be distributed in
3. D. StWWS'I
168T1 REGULAR MONTHLY
GIFT ENTERPRISE!
-TO 15 DRAWN
MONDAY, August 10the 1814.
One Grand Capital Prize
$5,000 in Gold!
Two Prizes $1,000' ,
Two Prizes $5,00  GRIEEIACKS!
Five Prizes $100 ~
One Family Carriages and Matched
Horses with Silver-Mounted Harness,
worth $1,500!
i Horse and Buggy, with Silver-Mounted
Harnese, worth $600.
One Fine-tone Rosewood Piano, worth
$550 !
Five Family! Sewing Machines, worth
$100 each!
750 (old and Silver Lerer tlsaung
WIatches (in all,) worth frost $20 to
o$300 each.
Gold Chains, Silver-ware, Jewelry,
&ce., &e.
Number of Gifts 6,000! Tickets
limited to 50,000!
AGENTS WYANTED TO SELL
TICKETS, to whom Liberal Premi
unns will be paid.
Single Tickets $1; Six Tickets *5;
Twelve Tickets 10; Twentjy-five 920.
Circulars containing a full list of pri
ze', a description of the manner ofdraw
ing, 'md other information in reference to
tile Distribution, will be sent to any one
ordering them. All letters must be ad
dresused to
Main Olffice, L. D. SINE, Box 86,
101 WV. Fifth St. Cineinnati,( 0
Oct 4-ly.
OBSTACLES TO MARRIAGE.
Happy Relief for yeong ien farol
the efect4 of Errors and Abuse in early
life. ZManhodl Restored, Impediments
to Marri!uge removed. New metbhodl ol
treatment. New and remarkable reme
dies. Books aml Circmular sent free, in
sealed envelope. Address, HOWARD
ASSOCIATION, No. 2 South Ninth St.,
Philadelphia, 'Pa., am Institution lhaving
a high reputation for honorable condeC
I and I'fcessnional slkill.