,Large l irculationi of Nnly
Co rill Prpr il- Ier state.
• . - I-- ...
Rates of Subtcriptiol.
On y a ........... ......... ..
, ,ll l- .' l't , l . . .
.O~UTS
jjAval and Departlre or Mails. ir
NE1W ORLEANS.
ARRIVE: DEPART:
Tuday 4 P. M. Monday 9 A. M.
yridav 4 P. M. Thursday 9 t M. b
Faturday 8 P. . Thursday 4 A. M.
SondY 41. M. Saturday' .A. itM.
T1HREVEI'ON)T. v
ARRIVEg DEPART :
Every day except Every day except
Monr.ay, 9 A. M. Saturday 9 A. M.
TEXAS.
ARRIVE: IEPART :
Tuesday 6 .. M. 'lThursday 6 A. M.
ylriday 6 . . . M'nday 6 A. M.
WINNFIELID.
ARRIVE: I)E'ART:
ThnrmLay 6 P M. Wednesday 6 A. M.
Friday 6 e.M. natnrday 6 A. M.
MINDEN.
ARRIVE : DEPART :
Tnesday 6 P. M. Wednesday 6 A. MI.
Fridy 6 P. M. Satunrday 6 A.. M.
MRS. M. A. BURKE, P. M.
-pecial Notice.-Cvil Br:iy, E4lq., of
Vernon parish, is the du1ly authorized
sg-et for the VINI,IcATOIR in Vernon par
ijh, aid all contracts made by him will
ie fully ratilied and carried out by ns.
E. F. Precsley and .J. It. Caldwell, are
olr ageu·t for Sabine.
1Pr. ,. M. Potts, of Desoto parish,
is the regular authorized trarelling
Agent for the Vindicator.
SPECIAL NOT ICE.
No Judicial adrertiscme,,t will be
inserted in this paper hereafter, un
less the Attorney becovles' xeenrity
for the adrertising bill, which must
be paid on FIRST INSERTION, or
*J Will he discontinued.
PAR i AND , C'ITY NEWS.
LOCAL GLEANINOS. also su
aches,
The rains continue tmus a
Old Cane ane and Red are still "a risin' tiern
Major G. F. Dawson was in town last stoma
week and his host of friends were proud boae
to greet him. systel
Col.W. W. Breazeale and L. N. Lane, aI t i
Esq., were in town during the week
looking well but bronzed from farm life,
Ripe, luscious pink checked peaches, Dear
nd-by the wagnm ir rd, are on our streets Ih1
,selling readily at 15 cents per dozen. folloi
Rains continue in this locality, and Od
ibey are injuring the cotton to some ex- ings
tent. Corn is in splendid condition, ever;
:however.
District Court is still in session en- MeM
gatged in the couoiideration of civil mat
tern. There were lbut two weeks crim- dlelu
inal service and they closed on Saturday 1s1
evenibg last. hum
D. A. Blacksher, Esq., paid us a visit Deci
on Tu'sday Mr. I., bhas just returned 24
from Texas where lie has been looking en
up some of his lands. 34
Alex. Green, colored farmer Ielow this sav
city, files with the VIN~sCATo R two near- 4t
ly fill grown cotton holls and reports sion
six acres of the same sort. This is ahead lnme
of any one yet. sion
Mich sickiiess prevails thronghout our 61
parish, confined chiefly to children. The Lor
principal diseases complained of are inter- inTl
mittent fevers and diarrliea. Mr
Business among onr merchants is dull a
in the extreme. They don't advertise, wit
however, but prefer to wait until some- in
thing turns up. Macawber 'o. 222. ti
Our friend J. H. Hill, Esq., present itus of
with two splendid heads of cabbage as the
fine as we have ever seen grown in this orl
parish. rel
The ladies of the "Protestant Episco- ge
pal Aid Society" tender their thanks to thl
the ofaicers of the Bart Able for their if I
liberal donation to the supper given for sit
the benefit of Trinity Church, which, an
owing to their generosity and the patron- mi
age of their friends, was quite a success.
is,
During the past six months there has ye
been in opperation fifteen pualie echo* he
throughout the parish; ten white and at
five colored. We learn that the public b3
aehooWwil all be opened next month. . a
The 1INmDICATOR sliould be in the
bands of every reader in Natchitoches
perish during this coreaes. Let our 600
periah subscribers each send us the name ei
of a subscriber who will pay for the pa- C
per and we will dso the balance. Send
e 1 4 Tressqr r, o e
pottt the payments, made from his
omee for waeitasuelilj ais for the two ci
weeks of criminal service of the June p
term stith District Court amount to c
i fs ited bonds and tines collected
by D ie t Attorney Hall amount to over
$1', wtikh leaves our criminal expen
sel at net X839 70, the cheapest criminal
term bel4 in at!i pain1 thoe the war.
W. H. . Tuanard, Cl rk of the Court, e
futaishes the llowing. list of marriage
lileassc ae
i . Lslhiw . to ElizaBesson.
Antela68gedec.- 4 *s - PeB aet pssan
i . tLwis " M. J Oaig*e.
K. Lvass. V. Washington.
I Aiut-- " C. dama.
A. Coiees# ", Id' Rehal . 1 "
.-ae#b . :.,; ,,LOrnit. -
i . W.Aiidj - '. C.Jalekson.
tol~·' 4''h J. Craig
- It-• " Allas S. Crup.
It is rmiarked, even by strangers, that ur
the dilapidlation of this city is painful to
behold. The side-walks are in~ ruin,
(rooted ill I,.- hog-1. a ld no ett'urt h:.- 'het .\itu
been imlee t it, L.t,, -' .t , lt. airld- ; t. in
in i o d t I. thl ,tree;.,. and teithe, t
cho'nktd iit ,lt s, and ~e,1, i iii l i te
city gnovte it n s: t sit. e ' linly hy :tld
neve: r Iot "e. Alo odiiil hiah.,ll I. or to; t to N :I;\
stay the rein S.tittr, m;tter's it seems' l:llT.R (
aire of no i ':tlrtanlie andl the stellIch
from ini u nclea i-hiont s in the heavy,' y : ldptet
humlid atinipherll ie,'i f nuilay antd MaOi- tillehr hI
day evettiii h:-t. vesi perft'ctly sick.ien- the pollice
ing. Commlent on these matters iis tni- the olitpli'l
versal and we big the city antlhorities to Recordler,
do ýolilething to bi:,elit the l lerty andill Avlithil
protect the healtlh of(.ur ciit riio'. Otlicials the 1prilici
ate elected and paill to plertori spleciic l iton tho
i- ties and if they can't. ido it w.ithout be- for all thel
ing begged anid hladger 1d it hluild he they ili
looked to that nilimore competent llnl I iie i1)t,3re'.ssili
selected next tile. for, eithei
The Bart Able arrived at our nill of the E)
ballk ias the clock was oil tile stroke of del t llhat
2, coluiitg ip throulgh the creek via Cloni. The t
tierville and "24 mile ferry." Everybody gets a sa
was at house, front Capt. Dick down to -- is conitsi
lets see, tlhe cook. ollr friend Geor'ge try as to
placedt us iud11er oligattons thllroilgl a tol, and
tile ofl' late city papers while lHatier wa sari l co
iL lilithgil tli llililig a basket of Maiiy (h
clhips. JoIhn wast allliari in persIon but ownt
his representative did a "smniling" biusi- own re
Iness, the etlects of which were visible imst, lo
hollurs :fter the departure of the "calse.l " their p
Well, the turn out to see the "old Able'" sbts at
was abloutl the usual size-fronl the busi- families
Hess gltltenlali, of ililmatlre age, sedate Bit
habits and rigid econllomy, who never leans, t
reads a paper save when the boat land111 private
here and ihe can get one for the "axilig," perqllis
Sdo\\n to the small boy, who tilled his $5ti,00
of little Htomaeh with ice wvater and groan- tthe pot
zed ed all iigllt. with the helly-ache in cnlllet- roed
arn- tin ace. Toni gtave us his linger to shake pimpose
will while the pilots Rledmond'l and Key look- 'idt td
are td as prondl as ll.s i their first breech- health
es. Whtn the Able left, wlhich was about conulln
. 3: . in., wei heard much regret from an costs al
ish, individual on the banik who "lie damlned at Sb
li (hic) if lie didn't rlee (hic) two boats." prison
The Labaratory of the ystem. ive en
lThe stomach is the laboratory of the pai tit
system, in which certaini luysterioul fore th
IIprocessres are constatltly goinlg Oil. Thee on, a
r esult in tha prodlectioil, of that wonder- dluced
u- il iviiflit-g agelt the blootld, which ill perfl
a state of hiealthl rushedl laldeu wvith the costA
till elii.ent if vitality to the reunotest parts In otl
lt of the systeit.l But when the stolmach is the ln
selmi-p.araly.zed by dyspepsia, blood manl- people
or faicture is car'iell on emperfectly, the in col
tireulatiou grows thin and sluggish, atdl tio -
the system sltfers int couseqlnelce. More- thing
over, indigestion reacts ulpon the liver 'The
and bowels, renlering tho first sluggish the gr
antl the latter counstpated The brain foster
also suffers by sympathy, and sick head- the in
aches, sleeplessness and nervous syrlp forts d
toums are engendered. Hostetter's Stomach till,, v
, , itters refo;rmn this state of things, gives false
permanent tone alind reglarty to the made
last sto:lactlh nd its associate organs, the Wi
bowels and liver, and elnsullres colplete been
,d .urishmielit aind increased vigor fo the ways
systeiht. It is the lonst poplular as well to
Lane, as the most etlicent anti-dyspeptic and for t
tonic in America. June 1 4t buit
week a Com
life, (in.IPPlr'S BLUFF, June 17, 1978. can e
ches, Dear VFidicator ; math
treets I have the honor to snubnit to you the elect
. following report to i
Ond thte I itL of May, 1M78, we establish- do al
d : a D.hiatiing Society anld boldl or nieet- his
ex- igs at the l'rappe': , Blntlff Scltoll house live
thle IlsIll;i oy-law.i . J A. Woltson wacs
elected Presdhlnt lt;oe W, iolJ o Sicretr; Ilr t
n en- MirM'rray Trc.Islir. ; Jailes O. 0 al. i thi .
11. and R. W. P. Mltrphlly prili'ilal Chaui- tri
pitliis, ail Ithey ciholse their assistant
cr1- dellatol's 3 to 5 each. tnit
nrday 1st. 'ThIt' first qluetion debated upon ou
was, whlich is tile niost lsefill to the ro
htnulan uilv, the Horse' or the Cow -- ei
Svisit Decision ill favor of the Cow : thi
tud. Whichi is the miother of the chick-er
ien thlnyer or tthe Hatltcther ?--Deeisiol
oking thle Hltch!'r. 5
:Id. Whose iit e is iliortl i, litheed to he l
Sth saved youlr Mother or your Wife ?-t-Dec- si- l
sion in favor of the Wife f t
r near- 4th. Which creates the strongest pas e
e prt rs sion, Moloney or Wometn !--Deoisionl, Wo
5th. Which created the strongest pas- wh
sion, Love or Hatred ?-Decision, Love. S
itt our 6th. Which is most indispensable in e
iThe LouiSeanla, the Pulpit or the Bar ? q
This debate took place on the 15th qii
iter- inst., the president resigned his seat and
Mr. Mereheadl appointedi templorary Pres- dii
ildent. The ex-Presidenut took the neg
ative and did full justice to the Bar Na
rwithout smnshillg the Pulpit. Decision
i ome- in favor of thie Bar. n
12 Before closing Iny report I nlst n- aul
tionl anl incident that one debator in favor
sent us of the Pulpit arguing against the Bar, at
their extravagantl charges by the Bar in Ati
ae luocession ases cconcerning widows and, illi
in this orphans, &o. The ex Presideut in his
reply says, it is true that the lawyer char
SEpisgesn all he can get, but he hai never seentl
a Preacher returning a dime throw iu
a aks to the contribution basket hy a widow, even pl
tr their if she has Italf dozen bare-feet children
rven for sitting on each side of her..
This set the whole house in an tlipoar ,
Swhich,and some one called out for an adjoarn- ti.
Spptron- ment. it
ucccss. Questioin for our next Saturday debate t
is, which Is most obligatory to educate
here has your Son or your Daughter T
a b5 We hope that the VLNDICATOR will
ite and honor us with his presence; he will find
Onrappe's Bluff vicinity well represetted
he pblic by lasdies and gentlemen,old and young,
ionth. a few crying Iabies not excluded. n
i Very respectfully, .
iJOE WOL ?SON, Secretary.
itoche . -- ---- d
it our e00 "i4er" Staubbs has suecceeded ia t
tename carrying Onachita parish against a -
th a- Coustitutional Convention, at least l
e nsueh is the latest report. Is this to e
lie regarded as a Democratic endorse
ment of a Radical Constitution f
lir, te- - ----- 1
frof his We hope our friends in Natchito
Sthe two cites parisih will carefully read the re
the June port in the proceedings of the Central
nomn o to Ctonmittee of fthe Democratie party
qfthis parish and aet thereon. We
colletted .hould hlave a fall convention anud
t 'ove send a straight out delegation to
Imeapen Baton Ringe.
thewrr. ' sbawr, of. Misesippi, ti a pure
th Cort, eatellile of Wall Street and the peo
mfmrge I ple of Missiasippi would do the South
on a good torn if they invited him to
o"n. /stay at home.
irgne. The liver beingl the largest and most
ltgton imortant gland in the system. What
m.. a it mnat llece all others; to keep
U / thon natnral use Hos STo3 ctOMC i
Brrrns.
$4 " / i ---
t50' . k  'Mu CEa"deut,
U: The Times says it is ramored that
otrir., lKeely, who was Gaw. Kellogg's onolrd
Olsuse. doorkeeper ad, i oldentil man, signed
I.p mthq name of Levisee and IMark# o the
.in..G.1 ,ral returah.
Our New Orleans Letters. mate re,-tt,
-- -hack to tl|i
ltnlPT Fhe, I State priot
'l'ht .\ lyo1 l* i EI f t rii Poli'y c lI-,- aid then l'
Ii !It art i>
- 'err ni (i
Ni.;iv ) 1i.IA.N S, JIIlno 1 5l, i'7i , 1
And the
EI l1 TttI tF' INtIt'ATO{ of t"lutlelil
I pr elcd Wlith ily aualsis of the poli- a Ipoliltial
c' adptled lv our rule'rsi . a catdielat
l ndecr heall No. 7, 1 charge themi with gether out
the poliy of -''non-interfretine with I I contelnt
the oppre'ssiv'e emiolluents of the great Senator V\
office, in this city-such as Sheriffalties, ill oftice.
R Recorder'i ISl & lbal lots axl
S Anything like ita tfaithful adherence to and oppi e
is the principles of the llatform adopted at hlice, the
c lBaton Rouge in 1NTl7, would have result- under the
I'd inl the tixing of reaIollale sldaries glorifying
e for all tlhese offices. Istead of that, nhere we mnst
e th'ey still stare the people in the face. So, also,
Ire pllpressinmg the tixpayer and the litigant, have set
and are such rich prizes to be contended terly dis
lot, either at the lhallot box or at the hands those th
l of the Exeentive, that they necessarily the- to I
f debaulch politics and endanger the sta- if they I
hility of our institutions, faithful,
pi. The President of the United States wise Pros
sly gets a salary of $:tt000 a year, and this If we r
is considered by the people of the coul- deuce isa
ge try as too imuch. Yet he has to abandon greater t
hetnie and business, and live at the Capi- understa
a tol, and his mode of living must neces- the direc
nl sarily con formi to his official surroundings. fairs, the
of Many Governors of States in this Union, pression
get salaries of less than $5,000, and our for to
t wn Goivernor gets $r,000, anti finds his wrog.
I* own residence. All these Governors the chat)
e 'must, nmore or less, completely abalndon keeps is
. their private business, and, unless resti- and all
dents at the Capitol of the State, tmtst White a
abandon their homues-they and tlheir tos in
5 families - during their terms of otrfice. our et
tte Buti a Clerk of a Court, a Sheriff, or a would. 1
yRe corder of Mortgages, &c., in New Or- patriotil
leans, can stay at his home, carry on his dece L
tl 'ivrate business, and get a salary and Thelly at
ig,' perqlisitcs to the extent of $10,000 to reforma
his $511,000, or $75,000 per annum. More, of the I
in the' way of perquisites to a Sheriff; strongel
tilhe pockets of the people are flagrantly but tile
ie- robIled by direct taxation fior the very must be
ake purpose itself. The army ration of the Out 1
)ok- United States government, which pro- of the
vides every possible necessity for the all- wisE
chealth of the soldier, and permits a tence 1
bout comnntation fiand for little luxuries, -plain
i an costs abo;lt twenty cents; yet, our Crima- nature
med inal Sheriff is paid by the City of New observe
, (Orleans forty cents per dietm, to feed individ
risoners in the parish jail, and legisla- modif
tive enactment obliges the city to do it! for or
-Under Kellogg the city was made to for or
the pay (i0 cents, but the people went be- ministi
ols fore the last legislature at its first ses- agains
slose in, and with great trouble got it re does I
dert- tuced to 40 cents. Yet it was made man's
h il perfectly clear to that body that the ripenit
tie cost sllould not be over 15 to 18 cents. Provid
part In othcir words, the legislature had not the be
h the manhood and honesty to free the nto t
aon- people of a hurden which had its origin Let
the inll corrption, which exists by corrup- that 1
and tion-corrupting everybody and every- openir
lore- thing it touches. tion I
liver 'these heavily paid offices are one of the pe
ggish the greatest evils we groan under. They to ado
rain foster corrupt political rings-furnishing be pa;
heai- the money with which to stitle the ef- derin
yp forts of the oppressed. Any administra- authe
mach tion which fosters them is to that extent or via
gies false to any professions it may have is unr
I the made, or makes, about reform. and
W, the Whenever this important subject has what
plete been discussed in our city, there are al- er the
o the ways a class, antd among them lawyers, what
twell tl argue by all sorts of twists and turns deice
ic and for the continuance of the oppression; If
e14t but all is the merest sophistry. Just as that
a Court Clerk, a Sheriff, a Recorder, &c., by Ii
9t8. can exist elsewhere in the State, or in for w
many other States, on a salary, so can mak
Sthe these officials here. To see a bankrupt iftoo
electeld to oftlice to-day; take possession been
to morrow, employ existing experts to faith
blish- do all the work of the otlice, attend to fr t
het- is outside business himself an usual, least
oue live like a tighting coek, contrihbte S
lelit d tllol;lsidsi to ward lhInnering, and come $3,:1
in taout at the end of four years comnforts of L
retlry; l for the halhnice of his life to see all Paril
this. year after year, and to feel that all tiul
cones out of the pockets of hard alnd nate
istait unaided ilndlividlual toil and indunstry, is tahl
enogh to make men feel that something pe
upon rougher tlhan ballots may be the better texm
S remedty. l
S lThe present adlmunistration see all is n
this: they saw it in 1876; and they tlr
cic werl' pled1gel to reforatti , buht the cis
io spirl'it is nllt thire. f t
htitehr head S, I charged the amiinis- i e
-Dcci- tration with--"as far as politically los- fr
-e sible, the ignoring, all over the State, his
of the mIen whl o were influential in re- mom
st aepiung her, and the appointmeltt to whe
n, Wo- 4Isitiols of trust and emolumenlt of has
':eoed aind third rate men, and of men . his
st pas- who dlid no work in the cause." feal
Love. Shall I enter into argument to prove tiom
able in the charge Surely, no man will re
quh 15th ire it of me. Right her we see itor
t ntaround us. Probably in every parish it ta
t is to be seen. Unless I am mnost extraor- W
y Pres- ditnarily misinformed, right in your own d
o oneg- parish may be famnd flagrant illustration. fac
teh Bar Nay, individual experience, in the city, dre
cision tthe country, on cars and steamboats on
in transitue, has been to hear the coolest
in favorand most independent men express their
in favor wonder at the course pursued. In the
e B cases of Pinchback, Howe, and Long- wi
Bar in street, here, I have given you a vivid
15 anit, illustration of the policy. Woold to
his God it was limited to these! ti'
'yerchar- Under head 9, I charged aa lie policy to
ver seen --"Just so munch of economical reforma- th
hrow in tion as might answer to appease the peo- tb
, even ple and inspire them with ope for more't
dren The truth of this accusation has been
ensfliently clearly illusnetrated already, tr
u aoa while treating other heads. But reitera
orntion will do nio harm. On the contrary,
it seenms really to be necessary to "ding- t
dbate dlong" political points at thle people if
cate you would arouse them to real action.
When the administration set its foot 1
TOR will gainst the assembling of a Constitution- A
will find a Convention it virtually declared
reeuted a ainst thorough economy, for witlot rt
d young, c ange of Constitution, full and fair tl
d.measurers of economy could not he ef
fected. But when the administration
retary. went beyond this and attempted to ram
down the throats of the people their
eded i twenty amendments to the Constitution
gginit a -carefully avoiding any inroad on the
at least monopolies of the State-then they seal- t
Sthis to ed their utter faithleesneie, and the
eo.e- charge I make is unassailable.
oo Monopolies cost, millions, and those
millions come out of the toil and tronu
ble of the industrious and productive
atcito classes of the population. The admnis 1
|tthere- tration has deeared for the monopolies ;
e Central therefore it declares against induanstry.
Cheap meat and cheap light are neces
Itic party siies to a people, The administration
eon. We has declared for the monopoliss of the
ton nd sale of meat and light; therefore it de
dtion ares against the people.
gation to But, in critciseing, we must not forget
to be fair. On the subject of economy
the administration, writhing under the
S lash of popular censure, has found it
Sa pure necessary to speak enxethedra, and from
the peo- the floor of the benatechamber, justbe
teotfore the close of the last session of the
the South Legislature, and through the lips of
Ed him to Senator White, of Orleans, it undertook
to repel the charge of failure to econo
mize as demanded by the voice and ne
S cessities of the people, and as promised
and most by themselves.
em. What Beyond quiestion, ipressure of pubh
s; to keep lic opinion was sorely felt by the adihin
S SToxmACH istration, for the speehb of Bassor
White, with the exhibit iade by him,
Ives evidenuco, pmfuchIr. Ah the
Inator so freely and pointedly took up
nored that the ndgelfor the administratioti. I will
as onl oered ee his name a slimply a convertible
-ien, rifed term.
Iasgned the begini ng of his speee_ Benat
srWs to the White strikes an attitude, and assma
an iamtoijoal position that be no Igi'
mater relation to tile subject undeur cou thlte Atr...it.
sidrirtion. lie s:ay.s: "Sir, when I tuin ivlit liti
lick to tile ,politlcal condition of this lhain 1 do i
iStlate, prior Ito the last general election., all nsi.iliio
atl rhon look upon her cnitlitiou Io0\'. conllnnity
m t art is lifted alp n, t only in ,'\Itlt a- Ihliv\'v in \
iiil't I , I tIrI' t also ill tllankfitlines' to be tho'irou;
II Pi Provideince, who has iurerci- still to bea
'n ,idhd hiTi tthr lhroiugh so many dau- without a
.. and ditiit ulhit's to the condition of ntd in alst
i ,rder and treedon, which se 1now bIi ii iol
And then tiolloh\w\s qiite iiau outburst illst, iinlp
orf 'loliieice tllhat would do very well at sulijlct of,"
i lpoliictal etineiig [especially if n ill Th" ma
a czandlildCe tfor otlieel but whicil is alto piroivokts
I getlleu out of place as it standlls. Now, pression lof
II contendII that Providence did niot put
it Senator White and the rest of our rulers
, in iottle. On the contrary, it was the
ballots and bavOnlets of a ling-sntfferinig II the
Sand opplessed people. If it was Provi Friday
t derice, then that satie Providence put us Inmoved toi
t- nletr the heel of the despot, adl i n it resoll)i
SIrlorifyintg Provi(idence for the deliveralnce Congress,
S e iist gl'lori'fy for the oplpresstion too. lared P
t. So, also, nlotwithstanding the ien'1 heeler
it, have set uip as our rulers, have bit- intaeler
i tcyrlV dtspl''oirlted its in iot doilig ideltinaml
Is tlose tlhiiigs we eslpeeiall y alplpoiited ing that
lhc them to do, and which were easily done House, hi
a- if they hadl desiired to be absolutely lionl; an
faithful, we must still g'orify the all- disregari
es wise Providence. and
us If we are to undlerstand that Provi- ary, lian
n- deuce is an'ything, it. is to lie wiser and 'thes itt
on greater than we are; and it we are to i
Pi- urderstand that Providetnce descends to 115; i
e- the direction of our private or State af- Mr. I:
gs. fairs, then it is folly for us to resist op- jndiciar3
n, pression or to prepare against it-folly adverse
nrr foor us to pledge rulers to reformnation of
his wrong. If Providence brought lus out of
ors the chaos of Radicalism, then Providence with a
01 keeps ns under Charlie Howard's Lottery. forty. fol
asi- and all other monoplies, and Senator ing, dec
ist White anid collergues are but iuportalnt A. Wih
teir tools in tile hands of Providence to shape and vice
our enlds. They could not, if they there is
r a would. be faithful to their pledges to a Congres
Or- patriotic and conftiding people, for Provi- o
his deuce has first claitms on their allegiance. nor Car
and They are pledged to economy and the by tire
to reformation of wrnog. but if the appeal by any
ore, of the Lottery and other monopolies in create I
rift, stronger tihan that of the people, it is Tie i
utly but the hand of Providence, and they . :
ery miast bow obeisance. Of t
the Out upol such cant! The Providence
pro- of the people is a great Supreme, all resolut
the all- wise, a high Providence. Our Provi- Elam.
s a dence makes great and immutable laws
ties, -plain, yet appalling in their scope and propost
nri- nature-and under these laws, and as we Elam's
New observe or violate them, our existence,
feed individual and aggregate, is fixed or tie sen
sla- moditled. Our Providence does not fight
0 it ! for or against Kellogg or Radicalism, not
0 to for or against Senator White and the ad
be- ministration he defends, not for or
ses- against us as a people. Our Providence Pine
re does not purposely rain to make one Island
s iade nan's Sugar crop, while ruining the last wi
the ripening Rice crop of another. No, our intent
vnts. Providence is one of Law-Law fixed in Delta
I not the beginning- Law that will prevail be a
the unto the end. he a c
rigiu Let Senator White remembher, then,
rrup- that when he glorifies Providence in able t
very- opening his defence of the administra- would
tion hie assumes it to be in hands which had b,
1ie of the people are too reverent, too religious is the
They to admit. To do absolutely right is to tie D
hing be paying the highest tribute and ren
a ef- dering the fullest obeisance to the great
Istra- author of the immutable laws we obey
xtent or violate. To do half the right that it Thi
have is our duty to do, and easy for us to do, speak
and then to stand up and boast over great
t has what is done, in tones intended to smoth- lived
rre al- er the just murrnurs of discontent over in vi
ryers, what is not done, is to mock the Provi- parti
turns deuce so glibly glorified. ilere
aniou; If Senator White would only iecollect ilege
hst as that the admiinistration is not arraigned
, &c., by the people for what it has done, but wair
or in for what it has not done, then he ulight such
so can make himself interesting. God help us! sent
ikrnpt ifoTHisG in the way of reform had Was
tCssiott been etfected by our rulers. Even tnl- nan
r ts to filithful rulers conull not go so far as this,
etto for the I1tcy of sulh men is to seem at
ual, least to be tieat, which they ere trot.
tiibtte Senator White nrnakes a showing of
Scome $3,:165.475,1i srunual saving to the pl ple
f tort a of Louiisirnla tlronllgh relhuctiou of Slat',
see all Parish and City expenses. Some of his
hat all figre. are ablsolute, many are iy esti
d a d nmalrte. They took well, and would inevi
sry, is tablv rhad an outsider to say-"ithen yon
thingo people must have a lighter burdern of
etter taxation" But not a bit of it. WVithI
less ablility to pay, the slim of taxation
ll is nearly the santre, conseqlently the hIur
d they then is heavier. With property depre
nit the ciated in value, with reits lower ; in
filct with depreciation of all values, and
m tinii- iijcomes reduced, the tax collector calls
yy pi- for nearly the saame amnonnt as ever, and
State, his processes for collection are imade
in re- more sunlnlary. But the bond-holler,
tat to whose lIonds are not taxed, and who
ent of has no insurance and repairs to pay, gets
of men his interest evely July and January, with SE
fearful regularity under this administra
toprove tion.
I admire the spirit with which Senas
see it tor White puts the case of the Adnminis
arish it trationt; but he at last lacks candor.
exror- While pointing to what he calls a re
ur own diuction of taxation, he fails to state the a
tration. fact that the very legislature he was ad
he city, dressing had largely increased the tax 0
mboats on personal property. Aain, he fails to g
teipoint out that nearly al the economy
s their oated of, was effected at the session of
In ohe 1877, and that the whole session of 1878, A
anon with an'extra session besides, had been a
avivid ent in doing little else than fightinug
off' every attempt of the minority to con
tinue tihe work of reform by golng down
e policy to the bottom of things, and by carryinog
reform a- the great pet scheme of the session
thepeo- the defeat of a Constitutional Conven
ore tion of the people.
has been It is all very well for Senator White to
already, try to throw sand in the eyee of the peo
Sretera-rle by eloquently boasting of what has
tor , een done, and drawing pleasing pic
pe"olnei tures of what may be done at some fu.
ture day, but the people will neverthless
action. see that the entire session of 1878, was
t its foot thrown away in a most criminal manner.
rttittion- Aye, it was worse than thrown away,
ared for it was devoted to the baldest chicane
it t ry to suppress or foil every effort to do
that which a people have every right al
t tbe ef- ways to do, i they have any right at all.
nYes, the people of Louisiana sent their
ted toram Senators and Representatives to the Cap
heir itol of the State to repeal bad laws, to
ttitition ettact good ones, and to do all those
ad on the lhings which pertain properly to legisla
ton, and tshea wilfully and outra leously
hose larger majority struck hands for usur
tpation of power, that it would overstrain
rdu tron- meTle tchnicality to assert, was theirs."
propcctiye The majority of that legislature, coP
e admi s s- oel of recreant Democrats and Coki
mopolies,; servatives, banded firmly with the solid
industry. ranks of Radicalisam, will never be re
re neiss - memubered by the people, save with con
m istratiOii demnation.
iit s of the And how about the minority-Demo
fore it d~e- crats all The noet that can be asid of
them, is that they were faithful, but
not forget they were lamentably weak. When men
f economy are numnerically weak is the time for
udnder the them to be mnorally and mentally strong.
ff found it Many a, legiislatve miinority ls s eo*
, and from hibited ard exercised the qualities of in.
r, jmu be teligene, indattry and purtinity in
ion of the batt ling for the right as to largely mu
the lips of tralize the machinations of a wrong
undertook doing majority-thus covering them
etoto eeonO selves with the gloIy of the contest, and
ice a nd n e- twinning as well as the ap
as promised planse of their constituency. The histo
sr of qar inuortslity is all written in
.are of puh- the onf word-- ed&.f
athe ad -thin- eICUS CULnE.
of Leeator NB.-I beg to call your attenation to
Ido by him, tgie recent revelationu in theis ity in re
b.sthe g to the settlement of the Canal Bank
iy tok -tax of te0.800 by the Auditor. You will
edon. I tl i fine d a fall expose in the New Orleans
ednvnverb et o weas of last Sunday. As i. stands,
Sit is one of the worst ookn tm
_ a d tions that has ever o Gerrred in is State.
s.d aoal Dthe sisutat Attoney General ansi
the Anuditr are presented in a most un
enviahlll light. No man ele more pride
than 1 do in their completely removing
all suspi'ion of womig-doihig. With the
colnlll ity at dI; '. I (I do not W'lat to
helie\'e in wron, o-,!,,in;. But eveln it' this
he thor'ougly done, tlhei.s otblir have
still to bear the hurthen ot ihaving act'ed
without a shadow of' anthority of law,
anal in absolllulte deianllc of law--besides
hein.; fotili .h enou1gh to stop ,,lhort of the
hiIgh'-t .iudli'i.il di .ii' ion of oge of the
i iun t illopltaut ,bints inlu relation to the
sultiject of taxatio, n.
'The mattter is ugly in the extreme, and
provokes gen-eral codh1untu1ion and ex OE
pression of ,lisgust A. C.
The Endorsement.
InI the House of Representatives on
Friday Mr. Burchard, of Illinois,
inlved to suspend the rules and adopt
it resolution reciting that the 44th
Congress, in joint ileeting, had de
elarted R. B. Hayes and Win. A.
Whleler respectively elected prea; L
ident and vice president, and declar
ing that no subsequent Congress, or
House, had power to, revise that ac
v ion ; and that any power to annul or
disregard that action is revolution
ary, and is hereby disapproved by
this house.
The rTesolntion was adopted. Yeas,
S115; naffs, 21.
Mr. llartridge, of Georgia, from the
judiciary commaittee, submitted an
, adverse report on the Kimmell bill.
TIHE REPIORT CONCLUDES
e with a resolution reciting that the i
y. forty fourth Congress, in joint meet- to
at ing, declared R. B. Hayes and Wm. f
it A. Wheeler respectively uresident
` and vice president, and declaring that
there is no power in any subsequent
i. Congress to reverse that declaration,
e. nor can any such power be exercised
he by the courts of the United States or
al by any tribunal that Congress can
in create under the constitution.
is The resolution was adopted, Yeas,
Bey 234; nays, 14.
ice Of the 21 voting no on the Burchard
an resolution we find the name of J. B. G
W- Elalm. Our District at least does not
md propose to endorse Mr. Hayes. Mr.
we Elam's vote is in strict accord with
or the sentiment of his constituency.
(ht
not The First.
ad- AMorehonse Clarion.
nce Pinchback made a speech on the
one Island opposite Vicksburg, one day
the last week, in which lie annonoced his
our intention to become a resident of
din Delta, and intimated that he would
be a candidate for Congress from this
lien, District. lie said lie might not be
a in able to get into office himself, but lie
tra- would certainly keep out others who
hich had betrayed him in the past. This
1oi1s is the first speech of the campaign in
is to the District, and it shows which way
ren- the wind blows.
;reat
)bey -
it it The Philadelphia Record thus
o do, speaks of the thrift of one of Maine's
over great men : ''Hannibal Hamlin has
noth- lived a long time, and he has not lived
over in vain. He has accomplished the
o partial restoration of the franking priv
hllect ilege, so that he can send his soiled
igned linen to the Kennebec to have it
but washed. If his life is spared until
night such time as he is enabled to have it
p us! sent back from the Kennehee to
bad Washington, free of charge, the old
n' iman ~ill I,. ready to be gathered to
t his, hi falhers."
J. SMITH
S PR OPRTET(R
Ome and se Incm.
4oice LIQU1ORS.
harming CIGARS.
Heertnl Company
St. ~T)nis St. SNATCIIITOCIIHES, LA.
-Jothn It. gianna,
NEW ORLEANS, LA.
-WIIOLI:SALE DE.ALE~t IN
h SEED CORN,
SEED OATS,
HAY AND
FEED STUFF,
5t Sv. Dried Meal.
{g Orders solicited, and satisfaction
to guaranteed.
y ay 11.-4m.
of- M. DINGL r.
'8, A. G. HALL.
en =AL az & 3snwomll Hal
S-WHIIOLZEALE
SLIQUORM0 I AN ,
m- Fine and Common brands of
WHISKIES,
so- BRANDIES, &c.
s and dealers in
" IMPORTED AND DONIESTIC CIGARS.
ias 20
er. SALESROOMS :
a', No. 17 LEVEE STREET, 100
,e- 200
do SHREVEPORT, LA. 60
al- - 10,
all. WAUEROOM:
No. 10 WASNINOTON STREET,
i, to LOUISVILLE, KY.
10Me March 16-1y. 10
oely 10
Our
rain
re.,
Co
olid
con- e D
iemo
but
men
pr for
r ng.lef
IOERICKE & TAFWL'S
UOMCOPATHI
on to C aiwe
Ton l L KSUIIe-U II
t, eand Th Moen
1and'
UNPRECEDENTED NEW A
ItEAOLVER
$50
For a Case
OVER HALF A MILION DISTRIBUTED.
of Catarrh
where. WEI
tors, Boston,
ORGAN;
LOUISIANA STATE LatestCatal
styles, reduce
tion, sent fre
º JF'II GAN CO. B
LOTTERY COMPANY,
PlOOST
umagnificrut
No risk see
only when
ted 8 yrs.
wanted evei
Thomas Bro
This
,Institution l- ,
n was regularly in
corporated by the Leg- the best re
islature of the State for Edu- back, weak
cational and Charitable purposes, or known.
Sin 1868, with a Capital of $1,000,000, cures, wher
to which it has since added a reserve all liniment
I. fund off 350,000. ITS GRAND SIN- Each gen
i OLE NUMBER DRAWINGS will has the w(
take place monthly. It ser- plaster. Ti
er scales or post onePR. ArBe
Look at the follow- PIA.0
ing Distribu- $425. Sup
tions: $1,100 only
nos, price -
Upright Pi
gans 12 st4
stops price
Mirror Tol
rd come and I
SGRAND PROMENADE CONCERT e rand
ot Illet. Newt
during which will take place about cost
Please w
THE WashingtA
THE
EXTRAORDINARY
the SEMI-ANNUAL Parsons
lay Rich Bloi
Uhis the blood
of months.
Auld pill erch 1
this restored I
bN be possib
l e .stamps. I
le
Mho AGE
-ay AT p ZE
thus NEW ORLEANS, BIBLE ]
ine's Land. .
s cir .irc lanr
C privi i ,
oiled
ntiL Under the Personal Supervision and I
Sit 00... at,000
c to M AN AiGEMENT .... 0,000
old Th00 . 0,000
ed to 10.... 0,000
Of is o 0.... 20,000
10 d 500.... 0,000
G1 A. .opital Prisze, .
itio
.. Tickets are $10 Only ; la.
cbal 0 Halves, 5 Fifths, .2;0Te0th, 1
LIST OF PRIZE-L y
Herr 25.14 r.l
NEW A-)VE1 l'il, "ý 'iS.
1.VOLVER '"
riges. Address, .1. ]rl '.ý A "-, ;'!
-. 13' W ood St., l'ittls Tlr, 1'..
0 That o i
C u r e f o r t :t nf i tr l t l " 1 i t ,
instantly r ! ire: l ,t, -
ily cure, ,R t '
llenry wells, E .,
For a (ase Y: Wil. loFu
enI, St Louis 'Ttl i t.. i
als and treatiise hv ;i l.
of Catarrh Price, with ilrv,'d in
haler, $1. Sold \I e\ v
where. WEEKS & POTTEI'I. Propi -
tors. Boston, Mass.-vol. iv-no2,1-4t.
ORGANSA Highest hnora at al I
U World's Exhitlitions.
LatestCatalogues and tirculars w ait h Inei\
styles, reduced pries and IuIh if,,ni
tion, sent free. MASON & IIlAI,1N (01!:
GAN CO. Boston, New York Olr ('hic o.
Di $-675 Piano $1000 do a,' ilI t
l L Eleganlt rose wood casie,l lI.ý1'
magnificrut 3 string upright Piano al 1.
No risk see before buying. This o.,r
only where not introduced. \V ;trraLti
ted 8 yrs. Trade pouring ill. \.lgits
wanted everywhere. Write for paI la' ir ,e
Thomas Bros., Catskill. N. Y. ,lllne 1 Iw"
e (-B !' BENsON'Vs c'.\l1tiN
L f IE a i POROUS IPLALTEl is
the best remedy for a hlame or jpaaif'ul
back, weakness of the back ever inventte
or known. It soothes, it strencgthels. ii
cures, where other porous pltasilvr, andtl
all liniments fail.
Each genuine Benson's C'aycine l:last o
has the word Capcino cut through ihe
plaster. Take no other. Junce I - w
t1 A LTaBeautiful Concert Graalnd lD)P tl
1 lalll Pianos price $1600 only\!lll.
$425. Superb Grand Square Piano, pIri
$1,100 only $255. Eleganlt Upright l'i:
nos,price $800 only $15.. New StylIe
Upright Pianos $112,50 Organs :35. Or
gans 12 stops $72,50. Church Organs 16
stops price $390 only $115, Elegant $573
Mirror Top Organs, only $1051. uyecrs
come and see me at houle if 1 aam not as
represented, R. R. Fare paid buoth ways
and Pianos or Organs given ftree. LargI a
Illst. Newspaper with uinch infoirnation
about cost of Pianos and Organs setl frI'ee.
Please address DANIEL F. BETT:'Y.
Washington, N. J. June 1 Iw
IIW ItUl iOlD i!
Parsons' Purgative Pills siwake Now
Rich Blood, and will completely chang,
the blood in the entire system n tlhree'
months. Any person who will lake t
pill erch night from 1 to 12 weeks mnay he
restored to sound health, If such it thing
be possible. Sent by mail tior , .letter
stamps I. S . Johnson & Co., June I 11w
AGENTS WANTED FOR
THE GREAT
lEN OF GOD
- A new work of Great Intrest to every
BIBLE READER AND STUDI'N'T iaa the
Land. Address for discriptive ternl'l andl
circulars, Nelson a Phillips. Publislhers,
No. 805 Broadway, N. Y. Juno 1 "l.,
aMR.BUTTS
o. 12 N. Eighth St.
( St. Louis, Mo.
wb. ho baMd NuT eauiuasS i the treatment of tie
_. borlbl rfbth scle and female than ay physician
p,:t t-- hliwe wt n iif lpulltphIh , o uit la
The PHYSIOLOGY OF MARRIAGE
The PRIVATE MEDICAL ADVESER
kobYJI ir mi nl g Idtllf.a ltruem in all nia..
I llly gun. 5.-aine two oos ebrae m . l,
S u a alat u5abletuhrils'orbotknallrried llta
~;i,-eifrbei t 1tiij tenbfta n in or th rimenl
oUmlaB u T elos- d._eaich
tm Barbham's Infallible
PILE CURE.
MAnurartured by ti e
a itou ier Alhe to ear. Memorrboli
tosro La l t b ud , ea i dl ic lto liio u
8, M dlson DispensarY,
01/. Clek tA t., (Ah.rqo, Ill.
~Li'Ir u t-t s S RIL I Id'AIO.
pH7O V S Le., renderoo g o. AiIii. or
iUE canh itei and talels f
tlycuistr ett, wslla natee eride. Panadi
S tl a IRiOt rATIIAT oiiniCO.
Alioei, 1 rna ll SeOeda, e. by orkproae
anle resme r otighon to y hch floreq
Vl p t m Aaaeto twenty tim. s the amnri,
ene . 3o . b prht. riMed as l 40.,
__,0$500,0$00
- FR,00GT OTIC&E.
d, 00 ble Invatmeitin cks, ,wich treqnt -
ly pay fmnfive io twenty timhe thte amdunht In
100 00,0 Parihaxes aL binse lanoitw e.
l Y20 ,0 Itae Cow.rig . tad.
200013 p ner e a. oGre T onill.
. , 000 J ne 1. A. AOTICE.
N0achitochet , Matrch thx, olle7.
: 1"I HE public are hereby notilied that !
Parish Taxes ad Licenses now dlule.
The forllowing dicont arc allowed ly
law on tae paid during. .
s April 3 per ceuAnt on TaX DInl e
J.un 0he0 Jn 1o "
10,0r00., L. N. LAN.
.0 FROM HER ASHE
The PhmniIz .ia put Oii new lioN anl atliO.
caters for public favo irst. h n
J Warre- Suddathret
Sha taken charge and DAN now diseur eso
u lgery BRANDIES,
LIQUORS,L
RICH0 ST. LOUIS BEER ON DRAFT.
S0-" Mon~lloed yw r, La.n
Ie0wd (tNE 8Se ond hand Raggles Joblier, iii
ll.o ood ondition. For Terms a"tal pric
teoao. r-ti LlNew Or eans. La .