$20MAKES HOME HAPPY, 20
And earn $30 or,$4) per Day.
marvelous Mlfthnisnl.
Ingeiotus Invention.
Absolute Perfection
AT ELEGANT, TTURABILE and FULL-SIZED
SEWING
MACHIIN
WITH TA3LS
AND TREADL.
Complete for )Domestic Its
TWENTY DOLLARS.
ITnparalelled in pruie
With ,ainy inlpr tant, superior and val
]uahle imlprowments.
Equal ill size anlll does the same work,
ill the! unllO wily iy' as 11:1 b or ~ lIU ila
ellill..
The best, slhnplet and cheapelt niachine
nlmade.
Written gnarmntee for five years with
every Malain.l.
No Suilerior ! No Competition ! No rival
in quality and price.
A skillful aild practical scientilic aecoC:1
plishment of a lm,.t wohderfiu ,mlt i
natio, of all the g0 ,. queial:ties oi' a
Sewsing M|achi:wit, anll fullly kiio1wl
et1geti tO lIe a p:ertletly snee-..fl e
chanical achievetiuett of practical si i.
plieity. 'TiLoroiugly tested. I..tl in
in tiiouslInl iou hitnes. The Favo itec
of the Family Circle.
It does not take an Hlour to get ready to
do ,a minutes work, but is always realdy
in a moment to do a Days Work.
It will cave its cost rmany times over in
one scason. doing the Work of the
Fanmily, or it will carn Four or Flive
Dollars a D.,y thr any man or wVmEan:i
who may wii to do sewing ir" a liviug
Is so plain and easy 19 learn. and 1)8,,,th
to run, the children and serva:t, can
use it.
Sostrong andi solidl lmit, it will last a
generatien tf lproperly cared fir
Has no slpecIri'ous Co4gs or Camns tat get
o:'t of 0o d:r.
Sows equl:ly fine with coarse Cotton,
Linen, Silk or Twine.
Rapidly snws strong seams over all kiindul
of goods, from Finest Cam!,ric up to
HIeaviest P1roadcloth aind Leacther with
out stopping the Machine
lRuns fas'lcr, ligh!teir, m1.re 1leasy aniid quiiet
than any other Machine at live limes
the price.
Uses the Strong Straight needle.
Marvelously true ip every :iotion.
Sews the finest, firm anid last ing stitlh.
Makes the only seamll that can not Ie rip
ped apart without Ed stroying the
fabric. The strength, beauty, even
ness and durable qualities of which
lhave long' been aiccedeid.
Will 'sew anything it is possible for a
needle to go through.
,Will do every description of Sewing ever
done onil any other Machine no ima;tter
what the price, aimd with leass trouble.
Will Item, EI cd, Tuck, Seam, Quilt, Braid
Cord, IBind, Gather, Rutfle, Shirt, Pleat,
Fol, Scollod, , p ll, ll, Ebroidler, Run-up
Breadths, &c., &e., with astonishing
Ease, Rapidity land Neantnaess
Has received Testimanials of its Merits
from all sections of the Country, lnalks
of distintnished consideraliion seldon
voluutarly accorded to an invention
ofSimilar Domest ic Usefulness
'Our many Xew Attachments, Patented
August 1b, 1870; September 2G, 1I71
July 7,1872. Mlade to fit all Machines,
are the attaitnment of precision in me
chanical accuracy for rendering it 1easy
for even those who never saw a machi.
no before, to do the finest kind of Fan
cy Needle Work, otherwise difficult and
tedious, with the utmost ease and im
pidity. Simple in construction. Needs
no teaching. Money Refunded after
thorough trial, if notsatisfactory in
every particular.
Cash Prices of Machines.
Machines with plain Table, Iron Stand
and Treadle, complete with all the ne
cesaryv fixtures for immediate use,
12. Machines, with Cover, lock and
key, Half Case Style, $25. Machines,
with cover, drop leaf. four side drawers,
locks, keys, &c., three quarter Cabinet
Style, $40. Machines, with enclosed
Tables, idle drawers, paneled folding
doors, locks and keys, i ull Cabinet
Style, $75.
Tabhles are of Various Styles, Materials,
Monmtings, Richness lof Design, &tc., ac
Scording to Price.
Machines Carefully Selected, Securely
Packedd and Shipped asfiight to any
pazltofthe world. Safe delivery in
siured on receipt of price withoult flr-.
' ther Charges. Descriptive Books with
ii usntrattedEngravings of the dilferent
styles of MLachines and Attachments,
Large Profits, Testimonials, Samples of
Bewing, Liberal inducements to Can
vas,rs. Wholesale Prices, &c. for
warded Free of Charge upion applica
tion. Exclusiveagency for large ter
ritory granted Gratis to Respectable,
SEntellrprising Business Mii, Clerg. amen,
Teachers, &c. who will introduce the
., Extraordinary Merits of our goods to
Sthe People of their locality alnd Supply
the Ihcreasing Dnmand.
Addoss,
J. THOMAS, TIANNA & CO.,
" 907 Brodrtl ay, ]r. TY.
Burdick's National
IHAY £ FEED CUTTER,
Wiat mote, ioa·giventme, with lesomwm
than ny Cutter la the market.
Abe o fro nm may be
an lute t hi a.oinet
Wiesn afUlmaotion, ad
Wre wll warru nothlng
*.ae to eoeer tbhn a
%!Pmldathtn haStem.
eommeUadelsd by the strmet liawy uompeane
s It. Lou adLotlsvi:e.
1o desrziptieso a prices assre
BEMPLE, BIRGE & co00,
Man. tenrm Ag~pioural Implemmets sA 8spe
el'tfris In Iiardware
33 sest. stai i as., Il. Le.as
CPPleae ment1o in what lppet yo reethi,
WILLIAMS' MOWER & REAPER
SE" PLE, BIRGE & CO,
13 South Main treet, St. Louis,
'at plnse state to wbat peer yoedseatthU.
W Slate.- We will give
.:energetic eich an women
Businness that will Pay
fha to  per day, can be pnrocured
;i, yea own neighborhood, and is estrict
ly honorable. Partalanfrw, or samples
,woith several dollars that will enable
,gen to o to work at once, will be, sent
'Otteeipt of lifty confes.
Addr.e J. LAT]IAM & CO.
S tn Walhingtoan St., Boton., MIm."
THE ILLU8TRATED
WITh' WHIICHI IS INCORPORATED
181 1 II1 1 illIIE.
.- --r-.
It is the inttet!ions of the conduetors of
this Magaziane to still fiIrther iii.ke it a
iaidel of hlltrary anld tiulchanical excel
lence, and. with this view, no allvanttage
will be negltcted which either talent or
caplital call ec.co ulalld to rsinder each in
aue anll :igleecble ald.iustructive cumpen
diulu of
POPULAR READIN G.
Its pagis will be idevited to 1,ollu1ar
litelature,. scienc e , , seuart, edn':ºtion and so
cial tldev,'leh ll t.. Its ch;,racitristic fea
turt is comipirhel siv elnes The :auil
scrilº!s nIw orl ha .lh, ald of hr.; e.peia -
ly :'Ilgcgi' d, ell 'a 'e all iii:lSuaually atra111t
ti ve Iist of I)Dscriptlive Stkletc'he of l'rav
ei, Setrial Storie's. T'ahes I',em., Pape'rs on
Sei'enc'e aino Art, Pipilular Essays. Narra
tive'is. Literary Crc'titic-iui, Fashions, etc.,
togetli'r vir a i varir 'y of ablec and in
tiest"cnig articles  Ip':,ei the Important
qjest im:s o Ithe Iay. A lhrg" prainelr
It : Iof I h,' artici! . !.+ie-ially thosue des
criptive of travc.I , will lit
PRl )FUSEI.Y I LUILST'RATED.
Thi Ii..to.ial e.ll rlilil utisuentL of the
Ml;azillc hetlrelttl'r cnlwtituting one of
i:s 111et atrtractiv e tt f U r l'e.
IThe ptrlsfe e the' P. leisihrs it to fur
nislr: l .a peie iar i 2di , "hih shll be instlre
tive iii'1 ie ti clslehlld, 'The lihratryi: an
Tie eil 'i'p !0.(1.1s. 4 ivici.an aN !undilet
of etrt:aic't:,ig a.ntl popiular lileiratline
antl iufrmation fitr hoth It,, aoldt young,
ecaryii g light, coelmeort antid good utitlure
toie ev,.ry flm ily. and latekinga it anece.p
tol, o'r tle whole lhou.sehhl--fathe"
a111 n1,t1h1r., hIvls aId gbirIl, young :men
aliot ycling woCn.tlI .
T'he lllushtra ted TIo uehlold Mtaqa:ine
i'lun tes several 1listilnt i',ipru tmeints,
eac'h undlr competent auild .lt'icien t iu an
.gemanit, viz :
1. Stke! chs-einsi itin ,f ilesc'rip ions
of T'ravil and Adv\'ut 'ent. ,~nerial o t'iers,
Tl'als a nil \:irr:tiv', lavishly ;,d tap
lp olrii,,.ly ill ,ti ltlld.
. iMi:,elleiay-i-llui' up et' bhilliait ex
tract'i ilroi :w.w leitk.. highly entertain
in;g sk th'es e" ,llorble ' .e.rns a2,ll
TI iili.gs t'' .l1i hi," . Fis 'e'igI l'ulldi'a
tiinns. i'eullus .;id fael'ers Inn St'i,nce and
Art.
3. E , itc ra:ll i t 'pa'tllrtii t-i ih which i.:
givenl ri liilia t ;r ' s.; s iljosi a wide 'c range
of s:ijects; social toliivs disc'nse'lld aiil
cl'.retrelt ilncirents and doings r ltn'eCd at.
4. Fausiion l).',:ilaul-'rctl--c'n!tininlg a
ret"ne  fril thie Pari, LonfdL'hlli adal New
Yet; k Falhrins, illustrated with engra
vings of tht late;t thyle s.
5. Literars No-te's-deevoted to reviews
ilnd rithinisis of lnew bllooks anl general
uinform al it'l.
t. ('hihtlen's )e'pclartnuent--furnishing
instlerultii and etl te itaiiinitrit to the
lis antld Gitrls, and tilthse elder peopcle
who haive yilng heatii's. It is em'ltelish
ret with high class illustratiot is of
Natural history, Wouderful Sceuery and
rare i llcidentlls;.
7. Iellunse:klper's Depa:rtmllent --cone
prisiig informiation anid recl'ipe's, manay f
wl.ich are origiial and Ipublished for the,
first time, all collected froim the most
authentic sources.
It will be the constant aim of the
Hleusthelihl ln lisdhing Companily to llLake
THlE IILIlASTitATEl) HOUISEHOLI)
LMA! IZINE iu the tftire, as Wood's
Household Magazine has been in the
past,
THE BEST DOLLAR MONTHLY PUB
LISilED,
sparing neither e-tlert, trouble nor ex
peuise ill sectrcliilg the lBst Writers as
contributors. andl the Best Artists to )pro
ulice illhstrattielas to enriich its les.
AGENTS WANTED.
We require a guoed, faitlhful Agent in
every town throughout the Uuited States
aid Cii rrdui, who will ticrrlinestIv tuly g nge ils
the' leti.hiei.s if proclrrinIg srbiscriiierlls
hot for it fw days or it inolithoiily. hut
Jerunilleily--with a lirii detiermiiinrtii
to Colii Vau tho ouighly aid ca'ie'illy Ihe
entire tichil selected, inroirvihig evecry Oil
iortu ily l t) l'lize all that n c pli ssi'lyl
.ce macle fi'rom the introlductioii of the
Ouri IPrelmiuL and Clubbinj Lists
otIFTr retlt indcem.entlltin for , workingj in
our behalf. 'icihils and Chlure'he's have
borel all uililisltal illpruiil'tliijy to lerocure
JI nscal Ivnstrumn'ts frm ilh fili, ot imaii
iilltetuire:rs, with i eoiiiaia:ltivz uly siaglt
-xerth'iiis. Artisitis, Prlf.hl'lioal Miil
ind Stirdents nru' grl'ii fy their Iietl'u'Uy
itastes bly LI rdering tl i f(om the llhbting
List. Chiidrln ialiy earn atld own manly
nllg d'·sieshl artile's hy obtainieg the
few stubscrilers requirced.
TERMS:
_T'EAJRLY SUBSCRIPT[ON $1.00.
Speciinen Copies iaihlel, liost-iaied, to
ily aclihli'.ss Uleonl receil1t jf Tain Cents.
'Ti'he iiage withhin thit Uiittd I1 tes
is Te'li CetSI 'ill', whith Iiii114 lee ttlr
warde'd with thi sulersiription, as tlui
new Postal Law rl'lllirihig the lii'piiliV
mient li" all iiagaziines tey tubln 'ish
thltlliielvts, ilStead of bscriii ler5, coi
iels i tee cillect the pliestige ill advance.
eii 'tl r li'Ciir'lnrs containing tales of
cOliission adi htheiulcllits to e'iinvis
sers. aiid tho Premium and Clubbing
Lists.
TiHE YOSEiMITiE VAL LE.
We cocitintie to offer this ,c'lhrat'd
Oil ChrotiO inl COninctintll with the I1
ilistrateed Ioiusehol iMagmihile, furnish-
ilg thtlnU tel to ur nhseriier,'i's upon the,
With Mounteod Chromo, 2.00. Un
itountted (Chromo, $1.50.
The Mounted Chronrto is delivered ut
our otlice, or hy etVaasirs, or bnxed hand
lsent liy expTre,5' E s' scriTbhr's extll,'
or scnt y illail upon re'ciut lf TwenltV
teCts, exlt ia ltr postage. The Umiuotuntt
ed Chroli. is senlit f'ree ty n1lil.
All "o''imulrtieths O mst h t e addressed
I1OUSEOLD PUIILISItNG CO.,
41 Park Row, New York.
EYERY FARMER I1s OWN MILLtL
CHALLENGE -FEED ILLS
Combined
SHELLER AND GRINIER
Will urlad any knd of
Feel, wh.ther wetordry
with Ileia and aeieds aaii
Osage Corn and Cob Mills.
For Deseriptem amd Priess dmreie
SEMPLE, BIRGE & CO.,
Maufacturars Agrlatetursll mptemet ana Spa.
ce'Ile Ie hi idware,
13 benth Miala SL, ST. LOUIS
FLORAL GUIDE
P0o 1870.
PUBLISHED QUARTERLY. JANUA
Try Number just issued, and contains
cver 100 Pages, 500 Engraving, descrip
tions of more than 500 of our beat Flow
erased Vegetaeblu, with direetions for cul
ture, Colored Plate, ete. The most use
ful mad elegant work of the kind in the
world. "Oliy 26 ceits for the year. Pab
lidshed in English and German.
Addhes, JAMEBVICK,
Jan. 16-iy. " Roheter, N. Y.
Pcople's VViidicator,,
FOR 1875.
We take pleasure in anu-nncing to the
ulllerols friends of the VINIDIC'OR,
that we have plrfected airraigetelitts ftin
tlhe colltiluttatinu of its publicati tol upon
a firui basis. The public are well aware
of the dilliculties ulnder which the Con
se;rv'ative press of Louisian; la1or; the
infer.iou1 printing law Iassted by ai parti
sa;il Legislature, solt.ly to foister and up
hold, at the expense of the talx-payers,
journals ntirely antagontistical to their
interest. and at war upon their ill rfies.
and by forcing, under the fElorms of law,
our eitizens to adlvertise in t1.ese official
papers, to break down their power, the
Conservative andt Deluoeratic press ; con
sequilently we are compelled to depend
for sutlpport upon the generous contrilhu
tion ol',i people already poverty-strictken,
but we feel assured that they will not
thil to sustaii their main power in the
war of virtue against vice
The Feirless3 White lMan's Press of
Louisiana.
T!he future tonle of this paper can he
juidlged from its past. We º ill continue
to aIoIl'atet' to silcess, tlhe rights of tlhe
T.XEI). that honesty and ciapalbility,
A LONE, shall constitute groundls f'or lpo
litical prefermiuntl. and a continued and
ne ver cl'eang .war iponl. Kehllogg and his
Au'rrillt offiicals-knowiuig them to be in
commonlllll with their !Chief, both usurpers
E11d tlieves'.
We can assure the pibliietbat we will
not hesitate to attack lthe acts of ailly po
litical orgalliza;tioln, whbel. we believe
thelu to, li ahltaigouistie to pullic grood.
We are the servallt of no clique or T party,
miid iiiitnid slely to priotect aiid difilil
thl, rightsi anl liblrties, in our I ollist
way, of the whole pllchpl--btliEvinig that
we have donle stlicnllit service ill the
cause of the PEOPLE in the ;past. we
coillfidently expIcet their support in the
future.
'TERMIS:
1 Copy year ...........................
1 " ( Is,......................
(Invariably in advanlce.)
\e furtlisih as alrrelliini to each paid
till siislrriier, lilfor oie yetr froLn thefi ,rst
of ,lauililry. ai lile 'TEEL ENtI U.{AVI1M,
ix `4 ilnches, of aloiist any ilistorical
iOibjest.
JAS. II. COSG~IOVE,
Editor.
PELLI & APEA'.X,
Publishers.
THE BEST PAPER. TRY IT.
POSTAGE FREE
Beautifully Illustrated.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN now in
its 30th yealrt,enljoN tf lhE widest cirlculh
tion of anyv weki neWSipapiIer of the kind
in the world. A new volume commeuces
Janilu'y 4, 1375.
Its contenlts erllahrlce the latest ald most
interesting informalion pertiriing to the
Illndustriial, Mechanical, Lilid Neientific Pro.
aiss olf tIl World; )Jscriptioll s, with
il antiful Engravings, it New Inventionls,
New Process , aiiid itrlllrovrd Inhlustries
Eof all kinds; Useful Notes, Rlecipes, Sug
gEstionsll aiii Advice, by Pra'tical Writers
for Wll'rklilen and EIiiployers. iI all the
various arts.
The CIIENTIFIC AMERICAN is the
cheaplst and best illustrated weekly pa
ler u liishElld. Evry lunbter conitiiuiS
ii'romi 10 tIo Id rl'igital 'iigoilvihngs out lilt
ialchiillerv alind lllvr l iinventions
ENSGIAVI GOh, illhistrlitiIn Inmlrove
Imlletlc?, Discovetriels, and IEipllIEtEitlat Wol'ks,
le'rtliilig to Civil anitli Melchalitcil EIigi
neerlilg, Milling Mining nd1 Metlllurg3;
hiEolrls ofE the lIatest plrigress in the Ali
piliEfti s of StEcanl. Steulam Eigineeritrig, ,
Ilrilwiays. hliip Iulliildig, NIavigatiitn.
Tlegrahly,l!. Teleglrplih Eiighineelhrig, Elec
Iriyit. Magihtismii. Light lilt lh.'it.
FARiM ERS, MtEchllhlic., Eilgineers.
Inlvenitrs, Main tlli urf illhll Clei1iiists, 11ov.
irl Elf SciIiete, 'TrEialhlrs, (|lErgylliml,, Law
ye'1., 11ll1 Popl]El of i1"l PiloE;issiol;, will
filln tlheo Sc'IE~InIC aIMIIIICAN Iuseful to
thom. It shouldll hive a place in ev'rv
1 aii!' Lihrary, 111i11y, othit*, I lid h nllliint
ilug Rltoomii in every Reading RIoom,
iollege, AaemIeiiy orl Sclhooll.
A 'yr~tr lltlle 5 oilltait t? pages)l and
SEV'E.iL HII'nIIID ENiaiAn'1NE3S Thou
sands of vollunles are lpreservel flior bind
ing aiildl teferl'tlce. Tle lpractical reeiipts
•re well worthl ten tilies the IIlltScriltilli
priee. 'Trml $3 20 a year b)y mallil, in
cluding postage. Disc niut to CbiIhs Spe
eiliens senet free. May be had of all ,News
1)alers.
P \ ENTS. ill::ene.,owh
AMu1rIIIA, MeI'ssr. MtI'XN & CEo. are
SEolitols lof Anleric'anl lild Foli'ignl Platents.
aid have tle liargest estblishmllent il the
world More thnlt fifty thllouslsanid alplica
tiois lulave bee nu made for plitents throulgh
theirl aIgleincv.
Pilittlts are obtained on tlhe best terms
ModElls of New jiventions anid sketchEl s
exailied l8(d ladvice lree. A plleCial
notice is made inuthe Scientific Amnei'iean
Iof ll hIvenitYons Patented tlhrongh this
Agell'ncy, with thile 1nale alul res'idael, of
tie Patentee. Paltents are ot'teln sold in
ill't llr whlole, to persluon iattralcted to thr
livltioll by anellh nlotic. Sentd for
P!linlllhiet, 'lli pn:lgi,1, laws1 aiid (fill di
retlhtion1 for obtaningh PIatents.
A tlress for the Paper, oi onerrielgl
Paiintls. MNluN & Co., 17 Park row
N. Y. Brah; Ofllice, cor. F a;il it Sts.
Wa sI.in,1 on. I) C.
.Jhy 11375.-1y
2Unrploxyaent;-Men
w\Eliii d algintilts, we' iia ve jutst what
vln nEied Ourgxll Moluntedl Chraoiio.
oiirsll mything in the miarke't. Mr PE'r
rlnS write: "I struclk lilt yesterllEly, alIIl
by wllrking easy Atou' hlllors, chleore1 $.."
A I11dy hli .jlust r'11,1 ted her prolftlus 'l5 f
lhe forenoon as $.3; y''etrday lp toi
o'clolk he letared $7 i0. "We ,'1 ItrlovE
hEylinld questionll that thill lelint orderell
, tl)00 of tlhlse chron!s in elevEn l ( work
h11gllays. We have the hIlrgest inlld ltiest
:tssortmlient in the United thltesl5; iun
dlrllsI of choice sllbjects froml which to,
slhit. We ill d oil l ilrl assorted 100
of the hest selliig free lf charge ou re
ceipts of 6i50. Send in youllr orders or
givu ns a call. Samples by mail 25e., or
12 for $1.
BOsTON FRAME AND CiROM!O CO
292 Wiashington St., Boston, Mass.
P. O. BIox i2662.
THE DUBOIS PATENT
(Impiwved hlsnle'ltlb)
COOTTO G-IN.
TheHfguihuet i ile at te Stat. fr st at
b.og, "*le.ai JasOue iMa, lu tidiala Ala.
Parttle an mswerlog tbh pleae state lawhat
C33P5.3, 3I1i3 & O0., •
&Llagitld aplmeet k a&Ilawstwn IpoIletl
lIeah M eab S. I, T3o. LOUIS.
p
~~~3EC&R Bh~
Dr. J. Walker's California
Vinegar Bitters are a purely Veg.
etable preparation, made chiefly from
the native herbs found on the lower
ranges of the Sierra Nevada moun
tains of California, the medicinal
properties of which are extracted
therefrom without the use of Alcohol.
The question is almost daily asked,
"' What is the cause of the unpar
alleled success of VINEGAR BITr
'rIEs ?" Our answer is, that they
remove tihe cause of disease, and
the patient' recovers his health. They
are the great blood puriflier and a
life-giving principle, a perfect Rteno
vator and Invigurator of the system.
Never before in the history of the world
has a medicine been compounded pus
sessilg the remarkable qualities of YV.r
EGAR BITrERas in healing the sick of
every disease man is heir to. They are
a gentle Purgative as well as a 'ltonie.
relieving Congestion or Inflanumation of
the Liver andV isceral Organs, in Bilious
I)i:'eases.
The iproperlies of Dit. WALK
ER's VINE:iA It iiT'r's TTSare A perient. I)ia
phoretic. Carnlinative. Nutritious. Laxa
tive. I)iireti ', S, datliv.'. Counter- Irritant,
Sudoritice, Alterative, and Aati- ilious.
VINF.:;.in I: lt r~ u:"f h'. .i s r et. ,;tu l'e
ful I sn vi..t F,;1t alit r 14aiCe!
the sicil:n:m :n. . i I
No i ','r,,()i l'.10 1:)i ti( " (M lit.
-t'er tarrrtl'i  to l 'rectio  . 3il 1"
Intilnl I .la !wl [, !rtiovjd thllelr
bolles are l notestrl.oVel by : iiln')ra
lpoiso)n or utiltir ItIa:is. and lital or
g il, 11 i V; I..', 'iud d " t 't'r );tit'.
Bilious , liemittent, mitl In
ter'iitteat l'ewPlr. which are so
orevalent in the valleys of our great
rivers throughout the United States.
especially those of the Mississippi.
Ohio. Missour'i, Illinois, Tennessee.
Cuncmberland, Arkansas. Red, Colo
ratio, IBraz.s, Ri * (trantle. 'Peatrl.
Alabana. m Mobile, Savannah. Rto
anoke, James, and 1tunny others.
with their vast triibutaries, thirnug'h
(utit our entire counttV dtnritiý tic
Sunmmer and Autumn.i anid remiarka
lily so (hurilig seast ills uo tiiitiiual
heat and dryness. are invariably ac
com)ipanied lby extensive derange
niments of the stlomiach and liver, and
other aledioninal viscera. In thedi
treatment, i i)pruz:tive, fXe'tilg a
powelrfil illntlenic('e uiipl, these vari
otis organs. is essentially necessary.
There is no cathi rtic for the puripo se
equal to 1)il. J. \VALKEl:'s i5 N ;EGAK
i-'lTEius, as tIhey will spee.lily remove
the d(rk -coloreld .-i-c il eter with which
the hwels aire loaded. at the same tine
stililatinilg the secretionsi of the liver.,
andil genlerally revtoring the healthy funi;
tioliis of the diestiv'e iorgai'.
Fortihr th, i)ily gain-t dis
ease by purif'ing, all its fluidhls with
VI' Ei.A lil TfRi . .F 0 \ lo idelic -all
take hold of a syt Ini thl f--orm-irld.
!yspepsihi or £hdiitestioi, n.-.l
ache, Ialii iii the ihflillr<. Cought.
'rigihtne. of the Clhe. i)iiin,.ss. Sour
lmileitatioins of the th'iclbilh. biid T'riti,
in the Mouth, bilhiou Attacks. Paljiita
thio i of the tha-it. Inthlounation of the
Ilungs, Piaiu in the regiou of the Kidiys,%
and a hundred. other paiiftil symhlipt.ms.
are the oi'lprinpu of isp ia. One bat
Ieh will prove a -betier lizranitee of its
imierits than a lczigthy ad vertism-,lielat.
Slcri!ula, or Khin's Evil, \\lite
Swellings., Uhihs, triysipla.s. .Swelled
Neck, hoithre. itrofuhoiis l!:tudnlullitiio is.
Indolent inthilunuatiots. M rturisi allihc
tiois. Old Saii's, fLrii tioii.s of the i kill.
Sore l'es, etc. In these, as iil all othr
constitutional iliseases. WALKits Vi. m
EOAR ImrTTrI:as fiaie ,showli taiir Cl-i-at tilr
ative pliwers in Line i.isL oPt),iIbiit MaLI
intractable cases.
For Ilnlanunattory and Chronfc
Jlheun tillisu, Gout, Bilios, Remit
tent and Internitteut Fevers. Disea&-e
ofthe Blood, Lirer, Kidneys anal Blahder.
these Bitters have no eslual. Such Di.,
eases are caused by $'itiated Blood,
HIelhanieal l)iseas.,s.-Persons
engaged in Paints and Minerals. such as
I'lumbers, 'rypie-setters, Ghold- eatifs anld
Miners, as they adv.ince in life, are sub
ject to paralysis uuf the ihowils. To guard
aigiinst this. hake a dose of W.&LKKs'
Vfx'I;Aa B'rr-r Eis occai:iomially.
FOr Skin I)iss ases, Eruptions,
T'etter, Salt- lhe.iiin llhilcrhes, Siots. I'iu
iles, Pustules, Boils, Carfiei-ies. King
worlmis, Scald-head. Sore E ws, Ery,mpe
his. Itch, Scurfs, Iiscolorations of the
Skin, humors 1i1nd Diseases of the Skin of
whatever namie or nature. are literall1
dug up and carried out of the systen ii a
shoirt time by the use of these bitttr'.
Fin, Tal'pii a ,nii other Wormsllll,
lurking in tlie svstemi of so many thou
sands, are eflfctailiy deitroved anild re
Imoved. .\o syteimi of iiiedlicine, n10 Vir
milulges. no anthehmniuities will ifee the
systemi from wormls like these Bitters.
For Fenihaltu piliiinth , in young
or old. iillrried or sigile. ait thle dlawn of
womaiiliUood. or the tUrn of liii. these Ton
ic Bitters disphiy so iecihded an iii fluence
that imlprovCiima-t is soon iier(-plrltiblle.
Clehnse thi~ I itiated Blood
whenever you find its impurities burrsting
through tile skin in Pimples, Eruptions,
or Sores; eh-anse it when you tind it ob
structed and siuggish in the veins; cleanse
it when it is fliul; your feelings will tell
you when. Keep the blood pure, and the
health of the svstCll will follow.
R.II. i..rDtia alhU) "dl COg.,
Druggists & Geni: Atgts.. San rrlaciaeo. Califor
lh &i .eor. of iihiigrnitmi llll Ii-himon .4S.,N.Y
Mold by all Drea-pists asud Delerlti-.
Fif Get your printing done at
the VINDICAToR Job Office.
SCLARK'S PATEN
POST HOLE AUGER.
Pointa of eoiy
over the old style It
will bore luster in all
conditions of soil, will
bore through Boddy,
Roo ,or Trashy
erudwithout the
elp of .at other
tool, can 11 used to
~~rn hole lready
Sizes madeilbr Pout
8EMPLEI BIRJE a 00.,
.W,, ANt, HARDWAda
impraesass4aL
JOB OFFICE.
ALL KINDS OF
JOB PRINTING
EXECUTED ;,WITII
Neatness and Dispatch.
POSTERS,
IAND BILLS,
CI1RCULARS,
WEDDING'and BALL TICKETS
CARDS
-AND
BLANKS
OfEvery Description
Printed at Reasonable hates.
1 Persons desirons of having Join.
PaRSTING done neatly, expeditiously and
cheap are invited to call at the c~iittf
the '*9VlnessTO
The DANUBRT News.
FOR 1874.
Contninihg, every week FORTY COL
UMNS of chice reading mant
ter, printed on3 clear, hand
uwme type, an1l lin
whi;e paper
rl lIE NEV s is tlited by the Danhu
ry News Mbln: is conlltriluiltel ts Iey
George Alfred T'fwnsend, the clhicef of
NewspaLper Correspondenlll ts, and etlher
excellenit writers, who will filurnish fresh
correspoislelite tifroil the hilI lug ,ities,
andl coltrilllute to the elitoirial cIlhlluniis.
The NElWS hi;as its own SCiCeitiic.
Faishion, Chess and 'uzzleh editorsl.; plulº
Iisles tlhe best original natte.r, thle Iest
mlisncellanl,, acld the freshest at:id n,st
Inisiiellllaly, :al the. f'rei.hiet andtl hst
stories. Itn all its dehiaiurltients it is
ehdited witil scrupuilous ca(;t.. ::nl. is, ill
colusielll.lenee of thie best l';luiilv
Joiiiimials piubllished. liiaiiple Culies free
-bend for one.
TERMS OF 0 IUBSCRIPTION:
One Year ........................$2.00
Special rates to Postmasters and clubs.
BAILEY & DONOVAN,
L)anbury, Conn.
Bed's lD o iiibiV Fein.
"ATL.1TED.
Portable e: sty and Ptron . The Ptandard
Boataforxzploria', Trare!:in, runtin, Fis:i.
Ing, Trarring. ito. tG or duacrijtr.on an
price, addres
SEMIPLE, I'GE & CO.,
13 SOUTH r~A C..EIT, [T. LOUIS,
I'And rlesso state in what paperyoeead this.
Ayer's
Sarsaparilla
Is widely knowa
as one of the most
effectual reme
dies ever discov
ered fur cleans.
ing the system
and puritfiug the
S blood. It has
stood the test of
years, with a con
st:antly growiug
reputation, based on its intrinsic virtues,
and sustained by its remarkable cures.
So mild as to be safe and beneficial to
chitlren, and yet so searching as to
et".ctually pure e"t the great corrup
tions of the b!ood, s-uch as the sc'roe
ul!ons and syphilitic contamihnation.
Imptlurities or diseases that have lurked
in the systern for years soon vield to
this poerlihl anti:iote, and disappear.
'nlce its wonderful cures, nianv of
which are publicly known, of Scrofula,
and all scrofilous dieatses, Ulcers,
Erupltions, andti eruptive disorders of
the. skin. Tumlnors, Biotche.s, loil,
Pimples, Pustltles, Sores, St.
Antlhonyu's Fire, Rose or Ery.
sipelas, Tetter. Salt heumln,
Scald Head, lingworm. and in.
ternal Ulcerations of the Uterus,
Stomach, and Liver. It also cures
other complaints, to which it wouhl not
seem especially adapted, such as Drop.
sy, D)yspepsia, FitIs Netralgia,
iHeart )Diseasc, Female Weako
ness, Debility, and Leucorrhear
when they are manifestations of the
scrofulous poiesons.
It is an excellent restorer of health
and strength in the Spring. Iv renew
ing the appetite and vigor cf the dives.
tirve orzans, it dissipates the depressiod
and listless lantguor of the season.
Even where no disorder appears. people
feel better, and live longer, for cleansing
the blood. The system moves on with
renewed vigor and a new lease of life.
PBBPARBD BY
Dr. i. C. AYEli& CO., Lowell, Mass.,
?vm~u end AImlete l iEmYIU.
1OLD iT ALL DRU00ISTS iVzarwusas.
Ayer's Ague Cure,
For Fever and Anue, Intermittent PFe.
ver, Chill Fever, hemittent Fever,
Dumb ALgue, Periodical or Bilious Pe
ver, &oe., and indeed all the affeetions
which arise nom mlarious, marh, or
miasmatic poisons.
No one remedy Is leouder
called for by the necessities
of the American people than
a sure and safe cure for
1'ever and Agee. Such
we are now enabled to offer,
with a perfect certainty that
It will erliesate the disease, and with assur
an'ce, fouuded on piroof, that no harm eca
arise foilm its use in 1li: quanltity.
That which ierotects firom or prevents this
d;sualer must hIo of imnenl , ee sereice in tie I
coiniislitis whiere it Iprevails. lresrieio.
is better than: cure; for the patient escapes the
rick whih he mlust rut in violent attacks of
thlis haleful ldistaliper. This " ulcit" expels
the nihisnatith poison of 'vrv iuad lAge
frolm the systels,and a lipreintsl thle develop
mInt of the di ease, if taken on the Irst
approall' h of its preionitory syrllptomu. A
great superiority of thllis relmedy over any
other ever discovrced for the speedy and cer
tain cure of lnternittents is,that it contains
no (ulilhine or ninerail; consequently it pro
duces no quinitl or other injurious effects
whatever ullon the coRstitution. Those curedl
by it are left as healthy as if they had never
had the disease.
Fever end Arue is not alone the con.
seqsuence of Uthe i liasatic poisoion. A greatr
varipty of diusordels arise froma its irritation,
among whllich are .Mtcralgci', lmemmlnL
lhm, Cioun5. leadalchhe, tliudees,
TIootltache.. Egarache.Catarr, A~sh
mal. Pllpitatoa , 'Passnfal Ailfelctim
of the pnlee r, I ly~trerlc, Pai lat she
Dlowels. Colic, Piralysls, and derang~
inent of tihe Stoinuihl, all of whiich, whlen
origilnatinlg ii thLis ca'le, pIut on the inter
Inittenit tlype, or heesrOme periiosli.:cil. TI-ll
"Crnri" exPelsi the i(ii~,ll f(4rol1 tfhe blood,
and conrsequcietly ciire's the all al ike. It is
an invlalule Ipron:mtiun to iimmlnigrants and
pcrsons tluavellin or" teluluorlarilv residing in
the nmalarious distriis. if hiken occasion°
ally or dailty while exlosed to the infe'tio-.
that will be exc:ittedl froig the systeml, and
cannot acce:malale in snflicient quantity to
ripen into disease. lence it is even nore
valuable for protection timan cure; aid few
will ever suffer from Intermittents if they
avail themselves of the protection this rena.
edy affords.
For Liver Complaints, arising from torpid.
Ity of the Liver, it is an excelilent renmedy,
stimulating the Liver into healthy activity,
and prodncing many truly retmarkable cures,
- wh're other medicines il.
• PRSGPA RD Dr
i Dr. 1. 0. AIER & CO., Lowell, Mans.,
PreeNtr eind Anmlltenl Chgem!tsta."
ANDD SO ALL ROUND THU WORLD
THE CINCINNATI ENQUIRI
It is the People's papc.r, devoted
tlir interets and welfare.
It is all impartial frietnd to all mee
measures that benefit the country.
It is the enemy of all men and
nr's that seek only lpersonal gain ti
expesli'e of" tlhe coUntl'r~ s welfare.
Its editorial ei'litiILns are for the
eial 1rpose of xposing tihei fraud5
gOverimenlt officials, alid laws couen
in lauall get' cah'ulated to deceive the
derstanling. and make plain to itser
er's the n-itives. oeaus,. a;nl eflett4
genleral anid special legislative acts.
Its flea: ('elti s lll t oirtaiii the latq
nI'vs an intelligence that can he obtaj:
eli fr loi thie t;ltir qttarters of the .gl
bly" means of the telegraph, Indl
Its :agricutltlral columns are the b_
adapted to the Wants of fartuera, ill
whom are invitedl to give their eir
e:le'e atlld results of HIw ideas and ,
periitents of all l ijli:j cof inilprovemel.
cualcu:latied to advanice the farmian
terests.
O)ll it,4tie of the Enlquirer cont1I
io1ii' solid ilnf',rme' atr'iil tad intellig
tho calli he Itad froli lifty of thie s call.
dI lit eraiiry lpale.tr. None canil lay asj
the i'nl uiirEir witholt adiniittlhti a.
:I'le addlitioni to his or her stock'rl
edtlge.
Its market reports have for yearei
ae'knllwhdged a;s the n:mo-t conlpleti.i
reliali puii lischetl, anid of great f ,
Shtok Dealeris, l'rotdulters T a sn
11111n gelerally.
It has hlp-'lttntnt.i :land rtadijagC l
hld aitnd the 3(ilitng. ]For the facily ep
cl' and the o&untig ht use--Folrt
c'hi;it :inld eiieehi;lhii-F]"or the faier -
stock ldeaer, antid for llies and
111en l 'every callinlg .l111 station to .
Its terlis aret lIev as any lirst elat
pe"r can Ilwe printed for, an' tle qe ;
alnd l;ntilty of readling nmatter 8uaiad4
i'xceillll by ilany oethe'r lpapelr.
Try it for this year. A Chrome f
ever "_.)u )lil'a'rihear Sfed your%,
scriptionll dlilreit to the offic .
R. R. R,
RADWAY'S READY REIi
CURES THtll WOul r uAnn
In from One to Twenty 1inull,
NOT ONE HOUR
alersrsdtasthtsarislameuaeeiairn
IFIlER WITI FAIN.
killy PAII.
it wasthe Aratusd
The Only Pain Rlem
that Instautly yop. thom nai nlylsg patt
latlummat',s. and cures eoMllmai. wre el
Lung. stomach, boweis, ares er odserr.S
ae apphc. ,non.
IN FROM 01T10 TWISTY TIntlla
no matter bnw vinlra or aranaessg as
R .ULM ATI:, BIld-rildde. alra. l p, .r-t
b uralgic, or proirats4 l wiet us ly s a ,
RADWAY'S REATY BIllIA
WILL APPORD INsTANT lRAi
INFAMXNTIOK or THR KIDINDI.
INFLAMMATION UP T1 i ,___
INFLAMATLt 1.s orI OTIR tViW
lORA THROAT, )IrlcRisWLuT a -
PALPIT.atIN OF 1l3
BESTBYIRI. ciA r, urIPMYTS..
EADAtSt'I, TOOTnAti
HE E JRAlSIA. ' ggg
COLD CHILJL, AGOU CIILLS.
Theappcliosertel ReSdy A3ustllwe
ps.t w ilraei patlm r da Mias I
and l'.,ulerL
Twenty dropstuhalfatsmbler ofwsl@ba
-omeniscureClHRA MPi P F.i55.S) , I
1RtAYURM, SI"'E DI
DYrliat'C c ECrL, COIC. i l
astll I TRil tL PAiL.
Travelers shou ld eIwap ang I lat
Way's Readyv eiler wihbela. Abp
Water willpreiti sitkea or as lS beel s
water. Isllis ekttr rra r llesa Idr el
irlulalit.
FEVNB AND Abu.
PETR AND AUIIuerteM f l at
lts remedial agatin tis world tiaS will -
and A· uei and sil otllr iMalr lu. lian i
Typhoid, Telw. cw, 0a o Vaer I~e4 R
LISF. Fifty ~nlllpr ki.
HEALTHI BEAUTYII
?TRKOK AWD rU U' IIU303ll -lQci
OF 'LsH ANDI WIHIMT-CLIA bUlU
DAiUIF U L COQPLMUOI WUI UDIMO
DR. RADWAY8i
Saraplrilla kIVllEt
THE CRELAT BLOOD PUIPll
EAS3AIDE THR iONT AUTOWINGWRWI8U
SUIIIK.iO RAPID ARR TBl CHAINIG
IverjDliala aicri i
avllehtiSeeanall!i
3avry drep of the lASt ?AUUI% 1 3
TIENT conmnmeai broegleah e Blood Swie.t
smd her Plods sad julee of the sm
If ,forltreplairtlLhewaustef i bP hd iSL
Sound mterail Serofels, lSpills
OGlaleier dea,. Uletrat l1 thrlIt ii
IIrs Noletahaelalndesludelenaruru
b worst forms of i doie Isi, El i.oe
Snre;'aldi| ad. IinRl Woru..m.ltRhmlI~
-Acne.a :I LspWi Weer'atati eFYt _Ie _umILi. l
serlathi Wumib, mad all satIIm'lgI I
sbargas. lithe Sweats, Low oftpersiasdlidd
BSth hfeproneipl. arg within er tite Wr ' r
o~nderhMolemChisi*tdrlew b lbj" d
rmve tiay ptrelolla l-hafnre ithn r gI Ol
Eta * pie e:it, dcill Iliy •ill. .imdll bLySr
Snl dewmnp eetion ht is rent .aiallj pro ei
teeaisinrroatingth.'e waite,. .sarsdnw5
with .ewe tsterialumade from hf ey t -. -
t _-iiA llAP t lhI. IlA N atltsuin io ate ,
I-eritals; ftr Lebosos tlhirsue Il
wo.r-klprpaliation. nd snecess Il
ier of wase. s realreawiilbllbe rpod ad
Spatieat willfeelituemelflgrolagri lureid l
ihe. llleldrt.I bmthI,alpetla tiapllapo .
lh r we!b.t.nc.reata.
Notedor'ailyhdacsieaiaslsuUas Rui#5W5
eiy pelave ure for
Eddney J0 Bladder CoaphiA
Urlawy a4 Wombdliaaeslu.Ltrl Datae.le
ItopPage .f Water, IleatleaoneleOl 'ri; r i. e r ift
eals,, Aloulniluu ra, amid le all ase wir _.e
bricwduset ddposi'a, or tie water I dtlek, ctld.oy,
rw~ltbahaUnes likethe wlbi.of ngg. erter
whiteatlk. erthtersi, m bit. drrk.i billoet
soce and wh:le boae..dundepeedta ald whtll
sprilekng. bi, Sin eunsatie when passun we
pai tastbhmalrntb be a t dblogthl kie
2lbaunor of I? Yerw' GIW
Cured 6j Redwmy's
DR. RADWAY'8
petrbotly teegee eliqastly testel with iell
purge. rerulate, ptarly, celane s tIstr 'l.ri .
wave' P1l.. foer tnurae(allt4ard *(e 4
Liver, Bowels, Kidnya, ilalder. NaTote IEs
Iitdache. Conscip5lean. 'nitiveue, IuiotuI
pepsis, uliliousness, HLihn F erri. I aL i ona _
BowFls Piles. ld nal le.rangrelnts of dhl
Vislera. W .mnrae to ral et apostivie rcal
Vegetahle, coIa.aIa ao ecure. risi
Afewdeatau t"ADWAT'5P1T 13b_55lr
lmfromall the above a ,ml disti r r --
per Hlot. tLOli) aBY )l'-l" .T.
READ 'F\tcR ANi) TRlIt t glBleJge
taup t RAI)W \ Y & a:() . No.t! Wiarr . -
ru fork r inforad wer th ihousamia wal bi
Patent Metal Lined.
These Pumpsred
eazoelled in ani sh
worknranbip andthe
objections to the com
mon Wood PunP
caused by the grpadU
wearing of theboir
in tis pump oietd
by a metallio spiri
Semple, Birge & Co0,
MAWATACTUUNRB1 0 r1hrfcUTURALIV
MaTI AS.D SPEIlAL'lES LI AIADWA4BI
3 Seith Malim nsete, g. Louels o
W i Plaman da . la whaa eu hp sued