ý+, i, ., ,- *-Fý+'"ý. . I º ' ti ý " ýý ý ýý ,^ ýAI 'ý . t .
gi^usitKý, ~ 7~ S' r.:vC' andhc ttm hiiiI
I" I, IV
Vaniari' r, ut* p. ýg ~ 1" , a, , }Ic itc c arso .--I
.t Rie si t,, , ý,l II l t i t l i I- In * "' I x ' 1 i ) ( ' 1 ! I . \ ...I,
Profissional (Cards.
I J 1V . 1, I
St );u, teewLL pr:IrtiCH in 01f. ('duct- .t :.t l(1·lilt ~ 1~~ '
tidpl1.T. fiut~h ' lit Ie t14i- tt"
W mn. IIL J'acI.,
AttorI n ey a nd ('lilt It'l I ri Lue 1 IA I'
NA'rt l ':l 'ln .1'llatI1I>. LA.
w ! Otpractice4 in the4 (" I rtM 'I' X ,lii it (dill 4
; by5J , b it D oto. el'l RI'. W ino, fli i ,
*ul UrAnt, andi~ ;n the" Si p11.4 ''fnt t oft het
State. (IlaintiM prrpl~ti~ t atttf'1P4144 ti.
Wmn M. Luevy,
A7'T011.VEI' .4 'r /, .1'.
'X TrILL praitil'i' t hIe l':irlh ;itit Ikiridi
r Co irt.' of. Il N tu'1. j14 antd Le41 Riivtert
it1pretutli" Clo r ti' (414 1 iwittP alz . Unitt' t 4tItrl IlL.
thr Slln'n·r1'l t a u t ut Lnuiwirtnc· ;Irnl t'.
curit ofl Clat4ims atitt Mud) I41in .'4i,It; r44 '
'vtl't tATh It IaIT ttelIo . i
May 26', Ih
J H. CUNNINGHAM .
St. Deniis Street. i
atehito(ie .::: I
'' TILL give lt trnll st ndl:l"ýittlat
1ill ltiupn to l atll j ,~;ll ' t '. .·iic l It
Practice' ill Ol-i I lais t lii attd l'attisIt
Col tt I iniO I',il'4 ll t NatI'titttt 's
Red ive, i lcu~ual l Stt lIe;tit Int".
the Supreie Court Itit' a titi Nett
JOII Bi. J I1 R TWO. I',
(Late at N. msI Ia 'is.)
ATTORNEY & COUNSELOR AT LAW t
c'O l'SI I:I\"t"I'A.
RE) RIl hlid 1 I .I k1si. LO I I' II.I ,V.I.
Will ºt"ative inCsllatlic, :1'atrhit oll T
of Northi-w'est LlutisianaI Se'til ittlt
ion giv'n to LandititilI aet Ianid S'It' Neiit n*
Jtne Wtho P'77-tf. a
CHIAPLiN, I)RANGUET & 'Il.APL4IN,
Atforncgs ift Jair,
x A ('RIIITO( fIlE 4, LA
PRAcTCE ino th+ Dlijtrt'iet Courtstll ot
Ried River atd in the sit pI ',I tte (In' t ofI 2
DJI~rL. .C.cutROIlOIIýlrII,
ATTOIIN IV, IN F'ACT. i
W LL practice in tilts District and
SPanllr Courtt (t Natehitolhtel,
Winn,. Sabine andi Gr'anlt.
All busirteie inlltl'ttstt l to htis tn'ar t' i1i i
trceive Plrompt atltetlltonll. t
Street, (Cor'ner Ilridt':utix. Na ti lt it~t II It'
Lat. l 1l' Y -I .
Lor of thet Staen..
Business Cards.
J. C. TPLriohel,
DRY GOODS, GROCEIES, HARD.l)
WARE, BOOTS niid SHOES, IIATS,
E'rC.
Higlhtrst caislh proe' Ipaid. fr Co (t.Jn .uiul
Comutry PYroduce.
WASHINGTON. ST.,
NATCHITOCIIES, LA
C. A.'ULLARt . N. [T.CAiBI'rELL
Btullaird & (Campheib1
--IºRAt~llR t\
)IIY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
hA~RD)WARE,
A'i4G&'uoral Mercliaiidise.
Comer FRONT a:LAPATPTJl Sti'set,
Natelitochee, La.
TIGOH ST cash pried paid mr cotton and
'1eSntry protnce In cneh or merchondise.
Latch 25 -1 y
c_ R . 1, WALMSLRT
OSL ALMSLEY & C0,
COMICrj FACTORS
COMMlSSION MJEICIIANTS.
Perth de St., New Orlean, La.
Qsoaz' Chopin;'
SO TONro ACTOR
--AN!)--
COMMISIONI MERCHANT,
`NOi. 5lA.RONDELET' ST.,
JulT 1 i..; New OrlcaiS.
I lbA4it i*., La.
I o . i? 1
r.ý:a-n _v a. ýPi? ?.'' a c...ý. I tema . u I.
]¢ 1111! t 1 1,,1..
81Hl'1 e7 . 4 ' '-4Ii t irli . 1 Itt"'nI.ri i1 till."
t is 1'1111, ("1 +" ; (" - Lr~..1 :: " ,117. ,n is ''
riat, an mlttcer; (114.' hu.it r to 1 uao i -to
rittc~rl, Hnl sit nor. c~h i'l.<i111( ia~ti:ll~lirlatio; t
wrhichl prc;!i tii. the c44v4l)t. A s i'ltll (lo4)
relieves the liadºt d irt.t 1 1 Ii . pa"cXy>.n1,
ferer to 1'nioy 'i1uilet re·rt ait 1ii% Ft. Ieiazi t
1)leasant cord iii, it tI%!"- ti t.- %I 4 r A uJl
lulh, 1111( 13 NpI)tCliIy C . ixtU1.1 fC.toe
children.
TWhat othre?', S,127G cO t
Tutt s Expo " orahc:ncv
Had Asthma Thirty Years.
//I hive hd s11A'it tu!,rV ;e:.r :!' I. ;. cC lunl1i
a iuedtimet t~iat !,:tdc.x'.:t I.:" V i'"...
W. F. l':'GAi., Ch'rIs St.
A Chldr's (I ct O f r$ 9T;U
4Tutt'iTxpsctrr.' :t :,;1 ..:t1.: 1r ..rite :1 . 14 ,. .
1iy wile thi .ke it te tcs: 1,.:..i ii ii s t: %, r
tn't the chilLr'n , v it is 's n!r IIa m' ;
c.1.u',.'" NOAH W3)DWAiiD, tc. 11. Poyuiras F.%.
"Six, and ail Croupy,"
"I rum the nother cf six ThI:r.;: ! of 'r i,1
been cro4upy. hsu~houxt 'fu~ti' EX ;.1 1 !
thuink thyV' ;',uIlI hlve :_ vived aitle Ll thle utt'2.::;.
It is a ix dltsc's -!-: -wr1<;R .'a'<ot.v'
t4AHY srZ-vI'v~, rV~nkhr!r, K·.
A Doctor's Advi€e.1,
'' In myj prac~icec, a l\ne nil fa11 i; v. to , Lr·c, T::"''
'xpect':..t, inIii" !c cn.vL '1ixs, !,r t.'tu -
croup, diphttheri, 1!c."
T. P. EtLLi$, Mn., Newark, N. .!. .
sold by o0T rr,·,qqygistg4. ]'1,i'".i "I.t,.
33 Iuterraty Ntrecr, N, u'l crk.
II'
"THE TREE IS KNOWN BY ITS FRUIT."'
REV. I. R. SI~1PSON, Louisville, Ky.
"Tstt's P:?fs sr- n ; ;.ron b?.'ai int of the rir'
tecr~thrceuxtury."-EV. F. .OSGOODJ, New York.
I hav 1 u'c1I Ti.''. i',:a for tnr; or of t'ie liver.
They are su; 1 u r to anuy miedic ice (or h:iiary dis.
orders ever n;.
I. P. CARR, At~ornry at Ltvw, Augusta, Ga.
"1 have eyedt ' TFil'. t'ilis use y',xurs in Irly fnirnil'. (
TIhvey rrsuL-1,'d I nri ".lvurrr.";, '":'e,"
F. R. WILSON, Georgetown, Texas.
'1I have 'i=" d Ti,'': ' ujuurce swt- rerr-:lt hrc, 1 "t.'
W. W. MA'JJ, Editor Moaife Register. L
" be cell ff'v Fns. . Ittt 'u p I-. or e of r. xl
others."-SAY IE & Co., Carlte-svllo, Ga. M
1' Tutt's Idtils ha :e e. Iv w he tr1" I to est:" r t Id
their 13"i1t,3. 1'n+ u 1vlr'Riir :e iisLr."
W. H. CARRiOT'. C1 Zum,.er £1., Boston. n
"There kr-. to I:irjr a,"r. c1T is! .,rd to t iL cu~re I
of bdirios ili.r- l 's T!t's Ti''
.103. BRUN1!'EL, firhrnnd, Virg;nia. P
AND A TaziTT1D r'orE.
so!d by d(I 1,r;''8 .; rri'is b ,'. Office
35 ltrr;·lr/ ,Blurt~r, ,11':P ro1·l'.
TUTTS H IR DYE
IGHG TESTIMC NY.
FI l r.; T ,.r r i' ' r J.> , ;1 L.
'A GREAT INLV.=r: ' s ;-}
)HIO a ' by I , I : . ,' r~ , ' oIrk,
1 r h , ; ,, itr I : i }}! I !,".ml : ut , } I ti1 hair.
That re!!:,'nt ,.h,,u r ha- ,, ,,,led |n
pro~i ,'r,, :a hsr 1),e whit !.h fI. fates
1t 'n .. ! . . . ,1 11.,' m a:, i,, .
Sr. r- 7t'frnj St.P
A ei Solved.
The Gr('cul.'t .IrTldic l Triumph of
( hanel o/'i ,iJeajse Diseorered,
mdl ( Gee,' iin ('yre I'ro'i
ded. The Stomach,
/irer, and Jorel.s 1
the C(entre of
D)irea.e.
PAisON'S P fllifATli ILLS,
The (Great Anti-llillions Remedy o:tl
31i'.,smatic Dissolver.
PURGATIV PILRSON'S
PURGATIVE PILLS
Are the retult of lolg-('ontinted Seei n-i
title invertigationi, 1and are Warrianted to
cre all dliseases originating in tlhe
Stomach, Liver, and Bowels No grip
ing pain.m follow the use. of these Pills, I
unless the Bwels are intamned; but IRe- e
lief, Ihlmmeudiate Relief, may be relied I
upon. As a Commnuon Family Physic 1
PARSON'" ,:
PURG A TIVE PILLS
Stand unequaled hefore the world to-day.
By varying the dose according to direc
tions, Parsons' Purgative'Pills eflectutlly
Purit the Blood and greatly alleviate,
if not entirely care D)yspepsia, Scrofula
or King's Evil, Rose. Erysipelas or St. e
Anthony's Fire, Ernptions, and Eruptive I
Diseases of the Skin, Salt Rheum. Tet- I
ter, Ringworm, Sores. Boils, Tumors,
Morbid Swellings, UIlcerations, Pimp:es
and Blotches.
EVERY BOX WARRANTED.
Most Complete Satisfaction Guaranteed
or No Pay.
Full dirions around each box.
Physicians supplied by mail, post-paid, 1
for $a.;0 per thonsatd, in bulk, cash in
advance. We will send these Pills to
any reliable druggist or merchant to sell
on commission. Agents wanted every
where. ,i
8. JOlNSON & CO., '
BANGQ I1 TINE, Proprietonr, d
~Jas~ I~lg.,
iudiiiiaiil ( lashi t
3040:.,, lln tu , 11. l 1h lish ,"'t ('o'll
p:tl i.;1h of ( l' 1 I als. gI in ted l :i t 'l1it ,f'
hubr I ),', r ','i. fo isrvi, S Ivce :IIn Ih
('ritil;ll t he ridff to pr iore the CiiI
of" .\. A rum si, h, hi a, 11;1 n 1 r' l.-:11r1'.st. Cl
vr i , I'enr of Jlt lil. Snih, aot'i r he:
had b.ee r'I1;tleas.d by Hlo ,sthn. This
t'i i itlts : U of thit liiu llt ral a~ s lit'l
t ie niv i i,' lit of Th' lrday, M1ay tllh,;
H sti ted lthaet hie held aen .h-der
Ifrm nthe iludge of lte li Superior (oritli
I1,11 I'tC llrt that ht- cou l not dis,,bet',
;:4li tal:t to hhl the prisoner. Ilh
ali<e, id etlay to consult l) th i~ connel.j
.1I1nt e. , nambpolt objectei, d to his
11,iii6 indleice from the court the
si ue' e h o ecl ie d lhII ol d ter of co t llill
Ipi.idn'eid tlil prisoni er.
.i 11tt e l hauston i rul ed that ro jitiige
I.tl I thi 1,i15Er to coI nterit et t a rii (1t '
ii iti th corpus. tefoe.
Siiheill' aiouln rtmarkllt e hiMay it
S plh.ase he c()1t, I am chief executive
0 li.i ' of t'e Stpioiriit)h Criminal Court,i
t itoii I Ust l i isit i thi d . der
JSgnlhola re'plied: I itvolie that the
,liteoritle It h e lred in lone mpt of this
n',1,r t Hod seiitenced aecordingly. I
LI i F  ii uth I)litriCtll irt le would
hi , eit to lh i11ii. lc t ulgh i. t e -
firC, Is a ie (is congitatli olio have tle
s ir ii e I l nistowll: Thi e law is h very lii
Il ). Ifetr, the d line tto st i uelieo live i
u1, the prirsoner, he must go to pilso
hilelf.
'riTo sheriff ailswerd that he had re
i.1;l ICo r lllot o iii lui 'ell er thl e iis i
iiner. If lie diiisolbered ithis order
Jgiie lii ittalkr wouldsusp lieil him
Ifnit li llie. o t he obeyeil the order' o
it liFourth Distriict nCourti cie would
ir' Iof ihellllw sllt evil, 1 ( h Wohld
i ,illi ein Jll timn tlhe i issledIt s
AS ORDER SENDING THE C'Ii.11INAL,
S+ SI1ERIFTF TO PRISON,
until he spank comply with the order
ii the courl t aild produce the ptlisoiner. t
iMr. Salhole thei remarked that, It
tlihouih this order WIas a vindicathion
of Ihe aiithicto ity of the coulirt, lthe mirei
sending of the sherifl to jail was noIl
r1lieif tJt tll h Itiifortunatle ciizeln wte
cwiii ill jllisuliod hion-t wl texhlui ye e
iof llt writ of iies corpflhs ,if the
iprison. r remainid locked up? It s wis
!ho u lil, teiand of the illr iinor force,;
it nece1sa, to product, the pin risoner I
in lit, ..t ' ihi ii t l u n ti i li.r
,hudge W iiitta:iker's acion demandsl
the lliseett tomment. l Ilmust
know that his jurisdictionl is roncur
I
ilent with that of aniy of the teolr
Thi f tl hat he claimslln exle s tive
eri- inl juisdii tion- to he exclusive t
riight of ising w'rits of habeas corpus,
is : moreii mtter iofl oplinion which lie L
is not.. , coilten t to decide. Thatt
1 101, II e forn hir i eI InithoritL th n
,ilther 'f the contest:int. 1His inite'- o
Ibill ill the peole~ll. .
'rmTE ACEEMENT'r.
NEVw ORLEAss, Nov. 14, 1ti7;.
"The undersigned James E. Auder
sonl, Supervisor of Registration for
the Pai'ish of East Feliciano, and D.
A. Weber, Supervisor of the PIarish
of West Feliciana, Louisiana, have
respectively refused to sign any pro
test against the coiinting of Ithe votes
of onr parishes, cast at the ehection,
held on that day was the most peace
able and ordetly one ever witnessed
by either, and the large gain made by
the D)emocrats being secured by legit
ilnate means, and was owing in a
great measure to the disgust and
hatred with which a large prouportion
of the colored people regard the pies
ect State Government; but the Elec
toral vote of Louisiana being neces
sary to secure the election of Hayes
and Wheeler, and in order to secure
such votes it being necessary to throw
out *se Parish of East Feliciana, and
enough Democratic votes in West
Feliciana to make the parish Repub
lican, we have for this reason and for
no other, consented to protest against
the bounting of the votes as cast, and
we have done this at the instigation
and request of S. B. Packard, candi
date ou the Republican ticket for
Governor, J. B. Pltkin, United States
Marshal ;' Wmi. P. Kellogg, tow' Gov
ei nor of the State, and Chas. E. Nash,
member of Congress front the Sixth
District, and others.
"D. A. WEBER.
"JAMEs E. ANDERSON.
"This was signed in our presence,
November 15, 176.
"GEORGE DICKS,
"A. J. WILER.
"Sworn to before me this 15th day
of November, 1876, by the withint
mentioned James E. Anderson andl D..
A. Weber.
"Wax. H. SErYocR,
"Notary Public."
Witness continued r That papa r was
signed -Tuesday, and part of the vis
iting statesene arrived before Friday.
The copy was made in May, 1677, t
during the time that the visiting
Commission was in New Orleans.
,t 1 !'. ?h'3I. hn- i trin. that ,
i e wI -4111d for :li.ther hi.~º,: theI il t
III-; w iil iive it(. 1,
1i .ir. li-ci, ck --"lihis i:, : v tr iun- I
eld plIa:It mn it tetr, ,,l '( ught to I.axe t
I: heI li i,:,l pali r. v
1ir. .lMnalhn --\1i have no knowvl- dI
his ,tld ie tl,:ºt l ,e uii in l is in existence. I
VE 1'h+ wiItnes's - I can prove the. ori- I
ht ginal. i
h. 3Ir. lh l - Vh,; , ha, i;;h, ,la I o ii al ? .
1r. McMalhou -\Ve \\ 1 develop !
' that presentliv. li
II Wiles I klw l e haoIs tihe
olifgilal. Stulcvv. , hl hih w, has the' 11
il, il l ; at leas gave it to him. 1 1
rie',.Iume It(, hl ' it. I know he had I
it six weeks ago. According to o Jni
.inflrmatio, he exhiled it to Mr.i
l'Packd ,ix weeks ago. I
ge WiHAT SiIRIAN' PIROMiSED.
of NEvW R0.11As, Nov. `20, 1et7i.
it essi s. 1). A. Weber mln Jatnu E.
ve Anderson
,rt, entlemen : You note of even date
ins just been received. Neither Mr.
hle ayes, myself, or the gentlemen who i
Ii jacl'omipally lme, or the coun try at
large, can ever forget the obligations
hl. Under which you will have placed us
e should you stand firm in the positio n
you have taken. From a long antd 1
intimate acqluaintance with Governor i
l I ayes I amn justified in assuniing re
ve ponstiilility for pronlises made, and
will guarantee that you will be ro-I
vided for as soon after March as may d
re he Ii'acticabtle, and in such manner
. as will einiible you both to leave Lou-. I
i isianallhoulh ylou deem it necessary. "
ler Very truly yoIurs,
ii i JOiIN SIIFRMAN. I
of ( i'I) PlUNIDS TILE FRAUDI).
Ild
re- Ir. Sherniln said. 'I waniited to see
e- yon, gentilemie, as I illnleirstood there
Swas soime dilliculty ill referenlce to your
heparihes. Now, there is a crisis in wihich
not only Louisiiiiana but the whole CuIn
try is involved, and it is a tile when we l
expect, and want every RIepublican and
\L every tlrue patriot to stand by tus. Now
I hope that you gientlemenl are going to
oir i tihat thing." "Well, said Mr. Weber, I
'Mr. Andirsol n anld I have already dolne i
ir. tore than the circlumtstanices of the casei'
it, wouhil llarait u11 in d(oilng, and I lihave
OI dlone a great deal mlore than safety
're wouldl warrantt nme in doing." Said Mr. el
no Sheran, "Wha\lt do you mean by that?" 11I
ho Weber said, ''"Ti people of my parish tl
art. contsidelhly worked up, anid have at
imadie a protest which is perhaps imlore o
sweeping than it should hatve been, and v
IS if .I go back 1 will undlnhtedly be in
-. danger of my lif.'" "Well," sa:id Mr.
ge Sherman. "'hat necessity is there forlii
e, your going iek ?" Weber said: "Myti
e'r faily is there, ily wife anld children aIre i
tlhere, miy \vhol property is there ; what li
have I to do?" Mr. Sherman said :of
i'You clan lie provided for elsewliere."
ist "Well." said Welber, "Mr. Andersonl and
r- myself, on Iaceount of tihe course we have a
pr-.mied" , haiva ilnclrred tLhe ennmity of t
Pi3 Mir. Packard aiiid -lr. Kellogg, and every it
e. 1tRepublican leader in the State. If Pack- ti
nad becomes Governor of the State of fa
'e Louisiana we have no possibility of ever co
e getting any thing under hint, and if these p1
iien ore opposed to us we have no possi- th
h' bility of getting any thing nnlder the T
lie United States Government." as
at I MIr. Sliermian interrupted and said: I,
'"Geutlemnen, let nle tell you one thing. 9
i M IMr. Packard, as Governor of the State
. I iof Lohisiana, will control the Stat:. ir. "
I liayes, as President of the United states, Ct
Ce will control the genieral patronage. It th
n, ldoes not follow thallt MIr. Haves will lio
Sadopt Mr. Packard's suggestion in every an
thiig or in aiiy tlhinig. The Rlepulihican TI
ni iarty has notl, beel in tIlh habit of ifor- fl
i ctting the men who stood by it in the
hi r of picril, and will nOt o!ly uiholl Il
liit bit Voe will be upheld by the sen
o tienlit of the collntry. i0
Ii I theni" reniarked : ''fr. Sherin-ni, the \vi
seientiniit of tlhe country may be a very ec
e ood tl hiig for R tii:aii to s:tand onl. but it dci
n will not prcvett himh being p en-s~c ttitdl l
l!ii the claiiirge of pleijury, lir they are T
g oinig to throw olt ilmy Iparish onl a forlg- r
dtl riotest "
IIh. Slhei rman raised his left baud and in
saidi: ''"MrI. Anlerson, this is a subiject ni
\\hichl youl illd I can llOt discuss That
is a qilestionll flir your State anthorites. thU
What I want to say to youl is thiis: that fi
if yelol gelntlemerln staiild firol ill this tiat- wi
Sttir, and let it ri-ln along as it is, yon wi;l
lind no cause to regret it." And then t
the interview ended. That wats Sunlday
Sevenling, tilhe 19th. ti
IliVW TIlE IIADICAI.S DIT IT. ott
NEW ORI.aNs, Nov. 21, 187t(. in
San arrangement entered ito this
dalv between James E. Andlerson, Snper- pa'
vino;or of Registration for the Parishl of the
1 East Fcliciana, La., and Chas. E. Nash, libe
SMemnber of Congress fromi the Sixth eon- its
grensiotal I)istricit of Louisiana, it is tin]
agreed thadt the saii Anderson shall sup- Th
Spriess videllnee sliowing that the Parish. Sti
of East reliciana parish wais fuirly car-m
ried the I)euiocratic PrtSy at the electionc
held Noveaber, 1876 tlreby electing the Iga
entire Deiuocrttic State ticket and Con- wal
gresamen, in consideratioi of which the W
said nash agrees to secnre to said Au. can
dersoh the position of Naval Officer at oth
the port of New Orleans, Louisiana. Pr
.JAB. E. ANDERSON, tUti
TC. E. NASH. and
Thebur ve agreenmet was signed in
our presence this 21st day of NUovemlber, gre
1876. ry*
J. M. ToMLnssox, and
O. B. MolulAx. and
Items. Not
'"The following talk is reported in reb
tle House proceedings at Washington, t
May 224.
Mr. Ellis (Demr., La.) said that he Sot
had beec informed on reliable authilor- out
ity that sonne twenty districts in the gai
.South weie already marked for tile Yo
'tread of the soldiers in the next elec- pec
tiout. .el
Mr. Banuke--What twenty districts? ons
Mr. Ellis-I can tell the gentleman det
now of three ina Mississippi, two in em
South Carolinaoi.ind two fu Louisiana had
as to the balance, I will furnish him pea
with that inforrmation hereafter. ed
Mr. Bankst-Whom does the infor-. aud
manstion come from ee
Mri 'EHtii-- will not tell tihe gentle- ga.
nian now. Bnthe will hear shottlly ; of'
and:when he does hear, he will think ne
an earthqIltake has brokeu around his mal
ears. *
N. 1) I h'molr'r441.j
it teer th in ftanlt, etlJ ills it double
h,'adthd edlitaoial. entitled "The Next
In- l'l.eidentia l I:l.ctio Not Yet Ihcidl
vic e., ithe maia!;iLnc1y or idiocy of whichl
I 'o dul 1) kIll ol l w whI\ h h ll sl t to iion
1i- der at. "l'Te Ltuion, as it was in 10t10.
e4. hal ben rei-tsIab I lishhjheI ; slavery l:has
ri- h(een ah li.hed, atl thei is nilt an
)1 11 (t) 1 1' )lJ ill tlhe ield. Yet olip le i
I ? lecquainted 'ijt these fUcts l mighti
Hess 4f Ihe SNos t llta(ked uponii the
lit Soutlhein States, that Mr. Davis was
the nowi ocupying tihe presidential chair
I of the Conti'dedrncy in Richmond, and
u1thalr. all or armies, iheaded by Lee,
11' Jouhnso ll.an1d Jackson, were llosingl
Iir. illn foCe up14111 Washington. The Sin,
has e(vidently become the servile tool
of Conkling, and is doing all in its
power to organize a solidi North
iagainst the South. 'Could a great
i. Iu llic jo 1nt1 a1 l pursi a policy more
coiltepllltil el. cowardly and disgrace
t fllf \W\e have thrice read the donble
* leaded editorial olf the ),Nu', seeking!
ho most diligently to discover somne rea
sou for its virulence: but in vain.
I The editorial seems to be the prompt
s inog of a blind s1cioial hate, or the
od n malicious diatrlie ot f a base and
nil malevolenot hireling. We have seein,
4- nalisem so mean and disgraceful.
d aThe suem and substance of the Stan's
S( diatribe is, that to De)mocratic cain
dilate lor the Presidency "was sold
Serout by the Southirn rebels because
itmhe wmas pledged against the payment
of rebel war claims." Upoi this
flimsy and utterly untrue charge it
hurls its fierce broadside of senseless
vindictive sentences at the Southern
representives in Congress and the
Southern people generally. We are
ee denounced as traitors, rebels and hear
(len knows what else. All the epithets
r that could be moulded or forged in the
n iheated tiles of sectional hate are
we launched at our heads, because as the
d Sni alleges, 'e made terms withl
w Hayes in 1676.
to And let us see what tight this viru
er, lent sheet has to accuse the Southern
S1)cmociacy ,of treason to the result
s of the election of 1876. Mr. Tilden
was entitled by that result to 196
Ir. electoral votes out of :3619, or a clear
Sulmajorty of 2:8. Of dhese 196 votes
sih the Southern States gave him 131,
VC and the Northern States only 65. In
ire other words, every Southern States
i voted for the Dlemocratic candidate
ticut, New York and New Jersey, and i
in the West, Indiana, by their votes
at protested against the iniquitous policy
1t: of the Grant administration.
" uring the canvass of 1876 no pa- I
1 per in the United States more ably (i
an.d pe sistently than the Sun de- t
fnpounced the corruptions and usurp a.
Stions of Grantism; no paper more
of furiously asserted that the good of the
cr country and the preservation of the
se principles of the constitution required
6- the defeat of the Repulican party.
1e The Republican party was defeated,
as the Sun declared it shotld be.
But if we are to resolve the vote of
S1876 into its sectional elements, who
won the victory for the constitution I/
Certainly not the loyal North; not I
it the States which crushed the rebel. e
1lion, abolished slavery and conquered i
Sand plundered the neceding States. t
iThe vlictory, the elifn so vehemently g
r aflirmed was essential to thie preser- I
vati etol civil liberty and the re-es- I
tablishment of the constitution was e
won by the rebel Southern Statles,
0 which gave Mr. Tilden 131 of his 196 t
y electoral votes. The South realized I
1 deeply and keenly the necessity fn' '1
d the defeat of the Republican party. d
a The States of this section under the
rule of that party had been crushed
1 in the very dust of poverty and hn
Smiliation. They had nio rights which (
the Union larmies qinartered upo tI
Sthel at d thle carpet-nbag thieves--- j
nt inions of the colnqlerl'ors--were
-willin g or requlired to observe.
1 The South wase, therefore, a unit
n against the Republican party, and it
miade the whol fight foir Tilden and
the constitution. The North, on the '
other hand, like a beast of prey, lick. b
ing its bblod-stained jaws, switching a
its tail ahd growling, |lay with its
paw upon otrr necks, willing rather
Sthat every vestige of constitutional
liberty should be destroyed than that u
its beaten, ruined and lIlostrate vie
s titu should escape its persecutors.
- Thus we find that in the mighty c
Sstruggle of 1876 for the rescue of the
constitution, the loyal North and West e
gave the cause but 65 v6tes. That 1
was all the loyal East and the loyal e
West-the ouu repreosented by the
candidate for the Presidency and the
other by the candidate for the Vicen
Presidency-could do for the consti- A
tution and against fraud, usurpation o
and centialisation, after one of the o
greatest campaigens of political histo
ry. If what the :Sea said of Grant n
and the Republicau party in 1876,
and what it is saying now ie true,
how shameful, how contemptible
how cowardly a record does the ar
North and West, which crushed "the
rebellion,,' show against the splendid
struggle made by the rebel South in
the comwop auee.
And now, in face of these facts the a
South is charged with having sold to
Sout the Democratic victory and bar- U
gained with Hayes. Has the Noew
York Sue iwally no sense of self-res- st
pect i The conspiracy to reverse the ,
'esult of the eltetion and enthrone abe
uase fraud anid usurper in the presi ki
Sdential chair was organized by North- i
I er en. Not a single Southern man a
had any part in it. The Southern
Speople with the Northern people look
ed on with amazement. No such
audacious conspiracy had ever before a
been set on revolution, and they be- th
gan to talk of rallying to the standard hi
of Tilden and the constitution. They lii
never dreamed that Tilden would re- la
main silent in face of such a move- at
meat, or that the love of law and jns- i,
!:. tire had so complletely di(ed out of
th,,e Notl hlerl heart that l lie eCnlilllac
couldi bhe Cnsutllilaltelid wilhout a ter
it- rible r.-vol utionl. They were ready I
hale 11d willig toi fight to1 sunit the r"- - iot
xt sitlls of the commlonl victoir. What we
ii- \\re the tliist iwords. theyv heardl' floanl tint
.hi the 'loiat N 'tlih ~ * , t us have fil
n- pieae."' lder lie (i r e itstanles non
iM. Inlst the, tanllllluilit. of the latlionl be !ltu
Is IsItuitrbed." "Btet'tr silbmlit to a i)n
ai flinil whiicih iany Ibe rehbukeld at the li
i- iallot-l iex n ii Ir tlhat pilllunge the er
ht chountry iiito ilevolitton." Tildet gv
- crlonehling ill his thtga lit hoine. lien- to
he diicks skulking in Indiana, saidl noth- so1
as ing. The iNew Y ik Sun was the
i , loluldes.t, lilost cw\varllly il td t con l pt-l, *
d i ible howler for peace and subinission hii
e, amongst the dough-faced piaperi's loft
ig the Nor'th. The Soutthemn Democrats De(
'm read its mleani, sierile and piteous i
of editorial which a sickenilig disgust or pli
its with a righteous indigna ion. Not a of I
th man in the loyal North. not a journal of
at there, dare to talk of resistance. The ntal
ire menn who, inspired by a vlenomous boa
e- hate of the South, had fought to crush der(
tle lthe (Confederacy were unwilling to 11e
g ; shed a drop f1 blood tol preslcerve the of
a- constitution aInd vindicate the free
i. Ilomn of elections. The iSouth tloked tioi
it- iaround in astonllisllhment, indllignaltion to
ie iiandl dismay. \Vhat was she to do ° thT
id( She was unable to make the fight
n, herself, aild if she had attempted to ble
t- do so, ortherln )emocrats and Re our
publicans alike would have comllbied nti
's to crash her. The now blatant helo i on
i- of the Suit wonld have been the first hcia
Id and the lohdest to denonnce her aiind i
se cheer on the allied loyalists to "wipe oflic
at her out,." rle
is Under the circuenstaince-s, the South der
it i had nothing to do but to get the best The
as terms she could. She made a sort
ru of treaty, we presume, by which
te three of her States were relieved from
re the terrible curse of carpet-bag A
- thieres. If the Presidency passed favc
to into the hands of a man who was not
eo entitled to it: if a base conspiracy
ret against the constitution was succeass Itp
e: fiul, the cause of it imust be traced to the
th thhe miserable cowardice of the North, that
and not, as the Stun charges, to the of t
- treachery of tile Southli or to tilhe
in termlls the Soutlh may have made for agai
It self protection. If this great crlime siti
Scanl now be fully exposed and )ln.- lai
stait
ti6 ished we guarantee that no Southern llhat
r Democrat in or out of Congress will tht
,6 refuse his support to tile means ne- itte
1, cessary to that end. It is needless, it t
n therefore, for the New York Sun to gate
!s try to defame Southern men with the
;e view of fixing the responsibility of to
- the presidential fraud upon them. Itf he
- there has been cowardice and treach.l
Se:ry', it has been on the part of the of
)s Northern supporters of Tilden and net
y Hendricks and not on our part. We is u'
were ready to fight in 1876, and we the3
- are ready to investigate, expose and Cnti
y (lpunish in 1878 ; the Southern Demo- brol
i racy, in short, now and at all times, wie
are on tbh side of the constitition. ry,
'10 tt
l TIlE COUNTRY PRESS.
The Campaign.
e I r[Miundeu Democrat.]
f It is the general impression that
Io short campaigns are the most offective
7 and that it is now too early to begin.
It seems, however, that the Demo
* cratic party is slow to learn that they
d have a different eliment to deal with
s. than in States where this rule holds
*v good and that the enemy is thorough
- ly organized to begin with and have
- their emisaries at work already ini
is every parish in the State. The man
R, whli rests under the impression that
J thie Hadical party is disorganized and
d demoralized is greatly mistaken.
ii' They can rally their hosts in three '
. (lays notice, :and it is no use to preach
e to the clement composing the party
d that the Demoeratic is the one for "
- them to vote. 'l'h Democrats must
I depend on their own stiength and in d
n tholough, early, and iperfect organi- e
satieii.
Straight Out.
it (Alexandria D)emocrat.j
T'he call of the Democratic-Conser
vative State Central Committee may
be considered as the first gun of the A
approaching campaignu. We are now i
more than ever convinced that the tl
r future of the good people of our b
State, either for good or evil, depends b
upon the action of this Convention, c
called for the fifth day of next Au
gust. No temporizing, half-way poli
cy-a pandering to Radical usages, e
laws and influences-most be resort- .
ed to, but a vigorous, manly, ringing
platform must be adopted and aflirm.
ed, and then we can conquer, and
then confidence can be restores hope in
revived to a State restored to honest l'
S'rule, which cannot be distutbed.-
Above all it must avoid the variable- to
ness, which has too long existed in
our policy; a wandering after strange A
gods we consider reprehensible, uun
muanly, insincere and false, and there
fore say to the Convention, sink all
these in oblivion's depths and come c
back to principles, first principles,
and then, and then only, can we win !
Be Active.
[Richland Beacon.]
The political parties of this State
are beginning to muster their forces
for the summer campaign. Let not re
the Democrats be lulled into lethargy m
by too great confidence in our Pi
strength. The Repnblieab party is to
not dead-we would not have it so,
because all parties need opposition to
keep them in check--and, although
if we remain united and watchful, the a
i Republicans can have little hope of "
getting control of the State, if we
show any signs of weakness, lethar.
gy or indifference, they can soon rally
a force sufficiently strong to wrest le
the reins of government from ouir
I hands. Remember that "the price of to
liberty is eternal vigilance," and let's w
have no sleeping in false security) bi
and, above all, let as have no bicker. 0
ings or discontent among ourselves. di
if United Mt. LamdrI.
STo all aIºpparallnt .- ti., *i i d'l
horizon in St. Lant dr." i i . a, :;I'I.' U
we could wish. l, it · t, '
S time candidate lh:l , Ia,, , I : ,'It
ful n s i blacklherriesi i ,I\ 1,. Nt ..
tlOW. li t e Ii avC liu t ol 1" l;,,)ItI. i 't
t Ient i I our collllm s .As t, 1',,; 0 -
ings and expec('tatitons f it; i ,
le licans we are inll t ihe 1 1i . T.''
SelS have as vet linte Il t ln '.. 'I
give an inkling of whit !11 v it!. 1.'t
to do. W e have no iii,lttn ! 1!\t"; \1\1.
soont be putting their ii,'i :d
e and devising soimen gr:Inl St''IV litt ln
November next. It ii 'vhh,,t t ' to ;n.
ohbserver of events, ,nwhmiite, r , .t'. 4,
Sthey pursue will enl ii I :,; it :i,
t Democratic party , ill ;,t :, ;i ;
Should oiflo.ce-seekers so far III::I t t
jr public weal as to conside th e il:1tti'
a of their dear selves iit oll.ie 1 i.:I t r
al of paramount im lrtaiice. dii' Nihl
mt ay ense as i ll the ,:t, : lthe
boasted empire parish will ,, -: i ....
th dered to the Repitlihhnial: ptt t,. l \\,
tshould not forget the eon'c Ill~,r ,'.
of oil divisions two ,l'it:11 ,. ';It
Shour of elimilatio n and lIcttiuiin .
d lion has passedt. Let Ith hi ,l,, -.
Il to it that demnogues do t~it iI:I
them.
The present indicat in.i :t ' l.Ivr.ot
ble and everything poilttl i ll- tn l i ll
our camp. To seot'lle 'wl('l ;l liilt
niutil Novemiber, will retl'qire l', - ,
on the part of many aspirants fr' II'
1icial honors. They liust hie l1 potr
ded to make them. All cniatt Ihtli
office. Let the voice of tl, 'untt'j"til.:
S rule. That is the great ,iiilin 11c lii-i
h derlying true Democracy.
t The State Treasurer and tC, :.w Ri;
tor's Ring.
[Richland Biot ((.
As stated heretofore, %lwe l:tvi, heltr
it favored with a little insight into tl,11
workingsofthe State T'I'r.easlryI. \ hihi
implicates it as being conlult td l\ii vth
the speculating ring of New I (Itl (,,
that has so long controlled the lr,.
of State narrants and bonds. We
0 have no dl position to prefer thaurgcs
against any official upon Imeit suIt,
sition or superstition: but tl cImt
plaint in this instance is of sub,,h Io;:n
standing and is so woll an thleticrated
1 that we deem it our duty to cill tIt'
attention of the Attorney-G;iineaIl it,
it, with the request that lie iuvI'sti
gate the matter.
SThe charge is that the lTreasury i<
so completely miuder the control (iof
the ring, that it is imltposiile lt t1!.,
holder of a warrant, if hi is oi'l hilt,
of the ring, to get it cashtii. All :tire
d met with the same reltiarlt -'I"'hei
is no mooney in the 're:ts y" -alI'I
e they have to sell to :a broker at a il.>
count; but, somehow or :tother. the
brokers always manatill(ge to , ci),,
when there is m11oney in thte 'l'rei:t,)
ry, and go on buying wvarii: l! :it
.10 to 60 per cent discount and ihavin:,
them cashed at par. Every Ih)trict.
and Parish Judge ill the State ilan,.
perhaps, substantiate this fact.
Again, at the end of hlie y aiir the
Treasurer makes a full anid c l;'i'.
report of the receipts of thie office fIr
the preceeding fiscal year: hilt his
quarterly reports, we are infIl'rel.
are iiever correct; the irecilis at
understated. And this is dami to
keep the price of warrants duti f tor
the benefit of the riang. Periit p . i,
tax colleesors will sutistnti,. Lii
fact.
It is true, that, pohtically the pret
cut administration and thl ,ei,,ri -
tic party are not respotisible l I 44
1 present incumbent being in the lii!itn:
but it is their duty to hold hli to ( ,l
strict accountability for :a falthlfl
and honest discharge of its duties.
If this practice is nut br,,e, up,
can we ever hope to have tu t')ithiil
and honest administration if o0r
financial affairs? 'l'hi, shouhl:d ,t
done before another l'retlrr .is
elected; sothat he may not hi, ,x
posed to the temptations with wlhii
the oflice is now surronndeil.
Gleanings fronl the tanuiar'l.
The Cause of Delay.
Washington, June 4.--rThe delby abot.
e Rending the Sub-Committee, to Loulisi:na
is occasioned by the qu1estion wv'ieth+,r
a three or five members should g,, it will
r be decoded in a featr days. I'ott°.r \iill
s head the committee. Butler ruftu'le tº'
come.
Bound to Go Under.
The New York Herald, in , a 1l,:.+I ,+n
editorial thinks that John 81.Sherman:u mi
Stanley Matthews must go nlder.
Potter's Committee.
SWashington, June 4.-Chairman P'ttor
informed his committee that, he' lli re
quested the Secretary of State to f' irish
the committee the original I enisittt: v-,"
turns. The Secretary repli-+l t4 h;t t)stt
returns were not on file at thwl Sritl d,
partment. Anderson is agaih oi, thy'
stand.
Discharged.
New Orleans, June 4.-In the Lot fury
case the rule for contempt from the Sup
etior Criminal Court againit Ric+urle+,;.
Miltenburger, the latter, after a le't tre
from Judge Whitaker, was di'c.hared.'
Leonard District Attorney .
The Democrat's special from \W hiu'
ton says the President said this nuor ing
that he Was fully determaned to alpoint
Leonard District Attorney, anl D Lh;treu.u
resignation is requested by the l)pal( tt
ment of Justice. This afterniom thI'I
President authorised a aprivate thelgre:wu ..
to be sent to Leonard to thll ceffect.
Packard's Bond.
It is thought Packard's bond will hb _;;
approved to-day. Most of his bnudlsuien
are prominent Democrats" ,,
y The Christian-at-work says: "I el
!t leg. studen'isItgat a good example, liah
ir tlemtatke the prophet Daniel: He wt:t
if to college and studied hard, and we'll
's: warrant he learned his lessut." Oil, y,;
rI but college students are not going to, ris
r. the danger of being tlrown into ' liol'h
s, den. They prefer to "fight the tigex."
;· , , : , - ,j ; iy