Paper oflke Parish anal City of Natrhitorhes
J,1!1. II. v ,t1tO VE, " - Editor.
ATI:'HRXY1A1, - NOVT. :1, Ir77,
Is not 1fthi ELnough : not wi
oso C411
There has always been ItI Louisi- th ci
attl a certtain class of people who totrt
goilerally get to tile front as leu'ders leul
it quiet tinmes on tile character of ~11
extremle mnoderation, and too it, Lou- I so
isiana owr no little of her ills to-day. "ill
These people ate uttelly astonish- I app
ed that Mr. Spofford shouhl have Cbeen
refused his seat ; that the llRfdical.s of 11 1,
the Senate "have forgotten or cast Ity
naside all considrclation of duty to the pract
country ;" have "surrendered them- eoltl
selves to a settled purphse to retain a tIhe
majority at all hazards" in the Senate 11;ae
of the United States. Even after the hfit
dellghltfl 9tutlmer campaign, of lit utp
dation, gush, and brass band hilarity vote
over Mr. Hayes' Southerl policy;
even after having discovered that ol
several "hlligh-mindd, (.ir antl( honest eler
(sic) Republicans" would ecrhtinl ,
Vote to seat Spofford, and "hJ)erhaps larg
Mr. Enstis," when Congress assem- 1
bled the wisdom of the "solid, oldest tntn
and best," is shown in the fact of the sois
Republicans doing exactly the re- p h
verse of what they expected them to iblu
do, and doing exactly what the "vio- ni'"
lents" said they would do all the ti0
time. 1:'
We grow sick and lose patience I
when these fellows rise to the surface Noi
(and they usually do so in Louisiana pie
when the enemy has stampered out of
of sight) and begin their ecclesiastical cre
cant ; and it makes us dispair of good col
government to see them dancing with WI
the bear in perfect indifference to we
their partner. The I)emocracy of he
the Union is full of this "ponderous' nol
leadership, these slippered Generals, pie
but it is reserved for Louisiana to I
have more solid jackassism in the ast
front to the square yard than any bit
State in the Union.
Republicans are Republicans, and de
'vhcu it cotmes to a vote between a th
majority for the Republican party in be
thle enate, and fihe rights of Lou- hi
isiana, down goes the rights of Lou- to
Isiana, The reign of angels on earth it,
ceased long since, and when it is re- wi
duced to a qnestion of the Republi- ci
cans losing power on the one side, to
and of their letting in Spofford on sii
the other, we do them the credit to G.
say that they know where duty to the ''
Constitution, (which is a good thing lr
with them as far as it goes,) ends and w
the interests of their party begin. w
The refusal of the Senate to seat
Spofford is bad enough, but if they
had had consideration for the feelings in
of we poor Louisiana followers, who ct
knew they were going to leave him ti
out in the cold all the time, the re 1,
publican majority would have let himl ci
in; because we will have to stand the
"boring to death," during the cam- S
paign next year, by all these elinent n
conservative ink-slingers and thleir v
obese oratory, whllerein they will de- 11
nounce the "unconstitootional" acts e
of the "party in power," and whlile i
damning thle radicals, plague as to h
death with thile eternal repetition of v
what every nman with an ounce of c
brains in Louisiana ihas found out -
tiz: that hionor, hlonesty and fair
play don't dwell withl republicans, s
and upon our ownselves depend our y
own salvation. II
Pnoanrrino and Sunday laws seems a
the order in several of the Southern
parishes of our State, Of this4 our
opinion has never changed frtnn boy=
hood. No hueman law can ever make
mankind good-if they will not ob-.
serve the Sabbath it is because pub- t
lic sentiment is debauched, and no or- t
dinance can correct such an evil as
that. As for liquor drinking, it is in
the sameie boat. If the good moral
people of ii community will not frown
down tippling, why prohibition laws t
are useless. f
Men should not forget that laws
cannot be enforced in any conimun- I
ity if that community resist them, i
and in any community requiring a
Sunday or a prohibition law they
would be evaded or resisted. The
nexit step in this Sunday law business
would be an act to comlpel attendance
at church, and governments have
just as much right to pass the one
law as the other.
Let society regulate these matters
by tff' teachings of ministers in
Shurchcs and by a proper example,
and these will be no necessity for a
Sunday or a prohibition law,
Those journals in Louisiana that
oppose a Constitutional Convention
have never advanced one solitary, ten
able, sensiable reason for their oppo
sition. The following from the Alex
andria Democrat of a late date is one
of the anti's valid objections:
The Constitutional Convention pro
ject is a failure. The people of this
State thoroughly understand the
many valid and substantial objections
to the plan. The impracticables
must take a back seat.
The discussion has all been one
sided and the "impracticables" have
been the opposers of a good, honest,
healthy constitutiou.
THE New Oileans Democrat calls
the Tn;es and Picayune the "Camp
retu stats."
Reaction Among Rebels.
I recently met John A. Walsh, of Lou
isian:na, a wealtlhy man, and the son of a
1lanttcr, whose wife is a Louisiana lady.
After iquitting scltool in the North young W'
Walshl enitered the Washingtott Light
Artillery, and was a brave soldier in the Tle
Confederate service. At the close of the
war 11he went into business, and heing comp
,lltrel ot iiii flficial piisitiiin-- City At It set
derll'in, I think--by the new State anl th -
tihorities, wasv instantly liglhted 10on,l
notwit lhst ainiling his record., ail treated there
so cIatrsely by thle niildisciplinied press of the
the city and State that he has never' re
eniterei the relcl lines. Ilh held no p o
sitliln of Ianl profit or advalllt;l , ?ntl in t
beeinie wealthy by olperations with his tii ds
Iown moneV in sllgar. staples, haluds. \ t'
lhe saill tlo no: "llayes' poliey, wh ich (i
lnowl loks lrose-colored elninghl to hii,
will eventunate in a second revoltiiin. hiei
I allrehlled tlat the next on lIhreak will sa's
he anong the lhla ks. In alliiiost every (
instalce wlhere thel whiths have recover I1
f ell power in the South since the war ' '
they have slowly tightened the screw on pt
their fomller shiaves, so as tol scere a ll I
Itractical revival of scrfoii t albor laws, spen
contract laws, &t., mliark the coulrse of ativ
the Cotlfitlderate cliient tioward thir i. ron
ilaor. in Loui.siana, parti11 i rlaly, 'we ,
Sha- ; nii t iIonegiroIs iot. greatly dif- te
e ireit froltl those of Saln I)iniiigoii. often last
white ni-n's so s, ailnl will eiineited.
appily the w\\liit lalenders of tlhis llal ck 11lIIm
vote have been prudent ien. If Ir.
l ackaltl had issued a call for the niegro
people tio ciill to his standlarld inl New con;
it Orleans, they would ihave conm front has
st every itlinrterh of the State. No doubt ii
they would have beeln hle alt 'l d hianti- S
ed, but still ihey eouil have destroyed a non
h large iliamouniit of property, and atlitcted w
-general security That is why I dol not
cihoose the Sountih to lie miy homilne for all 1an1
tfturlll'le time. It is not based 111po tlhe
le sensei of ricilprosity anid fairness which
- nprevails in the North. For a few years Coll
the teiiuheiey of evenits is to push the
t black main to the wall, aild, after that,
ii aithe'r fiiiriniet of a race character will by
hie~in in the South. of which (iud lhik\ws p'
ie thlie result.'-Gatls Letter. Cincinnati ide
EI:niuirer.
ce It is strange what manner of menlCI
cc Northern newspaper correspondent. fs
na pick up. This John A. Walsh is one
tit of the avetago beats who take in ,
cal credulous people open to the easiest 3.
d 1 conviction, such as "Gath." Who in(
th Walsh is, we of Louisiana, know full ch
to well, and from his character as knowni a
of here, we can unhesitatingly pro- 1
is nounce all of his story the most stu- pe
ps, pid bosh. It
to In fact, Walsh is an unmitigated
the ass, and his story is as flimsey as tli
ny himself. Ct
If we understand Gath, Walsh, the de
ad dear sensative soul, took office under
a the Radical City government, and th
in because the decent Press denounced Of
hi- iim, and very properly, as an apoes- i
in- tate his gentle soul could not stand ei
rth it, and lie left the "rebel lines," ra
re- wherever that may be. Walsh how- Pt
bli- ever, made his money, as lie seems re
ide, to have money, "by operating in w
on su gar, staplks, bonds, &c." Now, if hi
t to Gath had not told this of the simlple
the Walsh, people in this State would
ing have supposed he had stolen his t
and wealth, as many of his ilk did; and f
we have no doubt the supposition
teat would have not been a violent one.
hey The talk of Hayes' policy resulting
ngs in anothler war; of securing a practi
hlo cal serfdom to the negro, &c., al- o
im though lies of whole cloth, stamp it
e Walsh at once as an absconding Radi. -
hini cal thtif from soane Soutlhern State.
lthe Happily for the decent people ,
im- South, this gentle Walsh, whom the v
aeit winds of HIeaven we pray may not
heir visit too roughly, proposes to reimaint
de- in the Northl; our society is not bas
nets ed on "''a sense of fairness," for whiclh t
hIile Ie yearns, and of which hlie will never I
b to be fully surfeited until a grim prison
a of wall throws around his blandt and
e of child-like self, its argis of protection
t - firom the rude world."
fair Walsh, poor fellow, we trfte indeed
n ts, sorry for you. IMuch as we slhall miss
our your simple society, we pray God to
Ihasten the hour you may join the
angel band for which you are so eni
e f nently Fitted. Walsh--give us a rest.
The State Debt.
Our idea of placing the State debt ol
of Louisiana where it could not be
the burden it is ;iiow, even were it
twice as large, is to borrow from the in
people of the State yearly, at a reason- ni
able rate of interest, money with S
which to pay off the present bonded cc
debt. To do this it is necessary to
authorize a State Syndicate to open H
subscription books to the loan at the
tax collectors' offices in each parish, ai
issuing bonds at par to the lenders, II
in denominations of from $50 to $500. T
Said bonds, to bear six per cent in
terest, pyahble in forty yeats, and es
their proceeds to be applied to the
purchase and retiring of the present
bonded debt.
This gives the people of the State a r
direct interest in its credit, and the ,
interest paid out by the State would I
remain at home, while it now goes to p
other localities. c
The people of Louisiana would sub- e
scribe to this loan liberally and the c
poor as well as the rich would be
able to do so. Any farmer or mechan
ic who lays by his $50 to $500 year- t
ly, would readily invest it in a State
bond, because it would then be se
cure and at the same time pay a good
rate of intelest. The taxes now paid
out would hardly be felt, for that in
terest would be returned to circula
tion throughout the State.
We think it is worth while for our
State financers to think over this plan,
and if they adopt it, relief will at once
come to all tax-payers.
ANOTRHE Of ounr country cotempo
raries does not see that Louisiana is
free until our United States Senators
are seated, and to that end opposes a
Constitutional Convention.
"E'en though vanquished he could argue
still."
PRESS JOTTINGS.
In
All Over the State.
know
What Our Neighbors Are Doing. instit
The Donaldsonville Chief has a full on ti
compendium of Parish Court matters. ance
It seems the parish judge tries all A. 1.
the petty cases in that parish and In
thereby saves expense. Why can't tries,
they do it here ? All E
Alcide London shot Lee Jackson and
in the month duling a fracas. Don- creel
aldsonville complains of tramps. relig
Caddo Parish has lodges of United dead
Friends of Temperance. The Tinmesr 1y (I
Ssays : a
Chlas. . WLowell, a genuine carpet- iirI
r 1,ger, who once misrepresented this fore,
I parish in tlhe State legislature under 0
\ Warmoth, and ws subsequently ex- ed t
+, speaker of the house of repreSent
Iatives, died in the State of Maine,
from whence e he emigrated to Louis- exc(
iana in tile days of reconstruction, on mot
the 31: instant. We learn that his and
last days were passed in want aml one
k almost destitution.
The City Item New Oileans, quotes
consols SA?P-. Governor NtSholls
i has returned from his visit north. 0
It to 1
Sunday Hecrall, Shreveport, an- tl
nounces that $40,000 have already a
been subscribed to the North Louis
11 tana Railroad Company and that the
iA road to the Mississippi river will be ca n
is completed in a slhort time. ted
"l We 1teeply iegret the loss sustained
ill by Mr. Hewitt, editor of the l)eSoto pr
"" D)cmaocrat. His wife was burned to
ti death in Mansfield last week, from a
DI coal oil lamp.
its 'he Morehouse Clariolt says : we
ne We learn that the Vicksburg and sa
in ~hreveport Railroad now c arges ni
23.00 per bale freight on cotton fromn
t Monroe to New Orleans. This is all er
Io increase of l1.75 el-er the amount ti(
till charged by this road several weeks lhe
n ago, when the Onachita was in boat- mi
ing order, and we think it a great
r0- imposition when the necessities of a do
tu- people are taken advantage of by a tic
monopoly in this way. tli
fed Young men comd to the front i is
as the demand of the Union Record. Our Tr
Contemporary has this to say of its
the demand: pc
ier One of the grand impediments in th
nd the way of progress, and developlment oa
ced of the resources of the South, is that
the controlling influence seems to be
in the hands of those who are alttict- rI
ind ed with the prejudices of the past or ty
s,"' rather of a by-gone ago ; and those to
º prejudices stand in the way of inno- d,
vation upon time honored customs
ins rendered venerable by antiquity, and
in worshipped by those old fogy ante
, if bellum advocates -,f primitive sim
plicity, as the surest and shortest m
pl oute to human happiness.
ull' The Record has gone into the car
his toon business, but we cant say much d
and for the cartoons. ti
Of the murder in Claiborne Parish d
ne. the Guarlidn tells us i
g On Friday evening, just after dark, A
cti- two unknown men entered tile cabin
al- of Seaborn Love, a colored man, liv
mp ing on the place of Mr. Wamble. o
about three miles from town, aind
shot Love three times, froin the -t- S
Sfects of which he died in a short time.
> hleA negro girl in the Ihouse at the time
the was also shot in the Ihip; thie wound,
however, iis not considered danger
tons. Five shots in all were fired, and
iin the parties decamniped witlhout anyv
as- clue to their identity. The cause of c
Iich the shooting is involved in mystery.
ese For, although Love was justly regard- t
ed as a very bkad man, it is not known
ion that hlie had any enemni who would be 1
and likely to resort to that mode of re
tion dress. It is believed by nimany of our
citizens that he fired the town when
it was burned last DI)ecember; but
deeni the evidence was hardly suffticient to
niss have taken his life, anl had that
d to been the cause of his being killed it
ithe would have taken place long ago.
Such acts are to be greatly depre
ai- cated, for no matter how bad a man
rest. is, he'is entitled to thle protection of
the law.
Tile Mansfield Reporter pays a
glowing tribute to the virtnes of the
teold Whliig party and begs that it may
Srest in peace. It proclaims the pres
e it ent school law a failure, in which we
Ithe join it heartily. Our friend Potts
son- gives a mighty and a just dig into
with Smith, tile North Louisiana popy
ided cock.,
Hornsby's App6nhltent.
The good citizens of Clontierville
are still hot over the'appointrment of
Ilornshy as Magistrate of that ward.
Their indignation. is shared by all
good people in this patish and they
earnestly ask Governor Nicholls to re
voke the commission.
SPOFFORD and Eustis brings the 0
Democracy again to the front in a
contest of steel with their opponents.
Indications held out at the beginning I
placed all the advantage in the hands a
of our Democratic friends, and it was c
even strongly" intimated that they s
could have captured the Senate by i
simply agreeing to save South repub
lican Senators from their friends of I
the North.
All this, however, time has dis- I
pelled, and the glaring fact remains
that backbone in democratic leader
ship is sadly wanting. If there has l
ever been such cowardly leadership
before displayed, we beg some one to I
name tile occasion. It is sickuing to
contemplate the mass of bald-headed
brains without manhood now leading
the democracy of the country. A
moment of John Slidell were worth
an eternity of the Saints now at
tempting to play statesmen.
TIE Republicans and Hayes have
conciliated and are now "solid for
spoils." So much for the Louisville
and Atlanta gushers. Waterson
ought to be taken out ; he's sick.
All Saints and All Souls.
In old English ALL SAINTS day is
known as IILLtOWMAS ; it was first For
instituted by Gregory IV., in A. D.
835, and appointed to be celebrated
on the 1st November. Our English
ancestors began its celebration about l
A. D. 870. Nhil
In Catholic communities and coun- lhe
tries, the observance of these days, tow
All Souls and All Saints, is touching 3
and well worthy of imitation by all,
creeds; for, besides the appropriate 3
religeous ceremonies, the graves of the
dead kindlret ad d f ienmds are tasteful
ly decorattd, and lovillng hands deck the
hallowed mlotunds ill tearful remem-n -
b rance of those who have gone be- sol
5 fore.
' Our Roman Catholic friends observ- 7
ed the day with their usual ceremo
nies. Bishop Leray ipreached a most
excellent and touching English ser- se
n mnon on Thursday, All Saints day; ;
and the Cemetery was decorated with ti(
one mass of wr eaths and flowers.
ha
Hog lRaising. cli
Our old people, who seem to desire
to live without troubliing themselves, at
1 '
all conmplain that hog raising in this `
parish is anl impossibility ; and in fact 2,
a great many contend that nothing at
Scan be done in this parish that is done F
elsewhere. Avoyelles parish, situa
ted on Red River below us and where
Al negroes are plenty and of ais thieving al
to propensities as with us, shows by her r
to ,rssessintlil rolls one hundreld tiul( sai id
a head of hlogas.
Why is it that we cannot do as
well I It's the merest nonsenllse to V
nd say "we can't," that word has well
:es nigh ruined us already. If our farm
an ers will try and try in the right way,
Int they will succeed. There are ien
ks here who raise meat in the very
mt- midst of the negro sections and they
fa do it by watching and paying atten
f a tion to their stock which remuuerates t
them for all their trouble. t
Tax Collectors Report.
The Tax Collector, Col. Lane, re
ports the collection of parish taxes for
the tnonth ending November Ist., at
over four thousand dollars.
The time for payment of the cur
rent taxes having expired, all Iproper
ty owing taxes will be oflerled for sale
to satisfy the same, on the 1st Mon
day in D)ecember (3k).
Ilmperative Rule.
Advertisements of a legal character
must be paid for on their first incr
lion, if not thI!y w'ill be cdircoflinuited.
We insist upon this rule, and will not
deviate from it in any instance. We
trust all those advertising will take
due notice;
A Good Appointment.
Harry Percy, Esq., has been ap
pointed United States Deputy Survey
or for the District of Louisiana by the
Surveyor General of the State. Our
people will join us ni saying, this is a
annrl nnnuintnloit.
An Offer.
Parties subsciibing for the VisnF
CATOR now, or at any time this or next
month, will have it sent to them un
til the 1st day of January 1879, for
thie iegular subscription price, $2 50.
The New Orleans Democrat very
properly says that Mr. Hayes' policy
was dictated by the "Rifle clubs of
South Carolina and the White Lea
gue of Louisiana." What a pity it is
that officials nearer home than Hayes
do not regard this fact; but on the
contrary, seem to have gone off to
win applause from the radicals of the
North from whom we have received
nothing but abltso and wrong.
GEORGE L. SImith, the irrepressible
carpet-bagger from this district, maps
out some nice work for the benefit of
Shreveport which he leaves his friend
Leonard of Congress, and of like ilk,
to work up for him. Mr. Elam, who
thoroughly represents the people of
this district, will look after their
wants without the officious interfer
ance of George L. Smith.
IT is not likely that Spofftord and
Eustis will be seated for sometime to
come. We are of the opinion that
until a clear Democratic majority is
obtained in the Senate their cases
will not be acted upon.
Packard looms-up as a successor to
King in the Cnstom House. The
whole crew is of a whatuess, and de
cent people in Louisiana don't care a
snap who of the old radical crowd gets
in.
The Cotton Crop.
Our planters and farmers are look
ing very blue indeed, and they have
sufficient cause therefor. The heavy
and continued rains have not only
beaten out the open cotton, but has
caused it to sprout in the bolls, and
that on the ground is a growing crop
Unless the rain shortly cease the dam
age will be incalculable.
Mr. Emile St. Ann Prudhomme ad
vertises cheap lands for sale on long
credit, and in quantities to suit set
tlers.
As we go to press the weathller bids
fair to change to cold and fair.
The renowned Confederate Cavalry
officer, Gen. N. B. Forrest, is dead.
For Account and Estate St. Ann Pru
dhonmmne.
Lana Certificates. ftr
11W i'
39 83-100 Acres, Northwest quarterr of l
the Soulthwest qualiter, section 7, town- -1'ril
ship 8, range 7. have
39 79-100 Acres, Sou tlheast quarter of lst
the Southeast tquartt r of section 12, (
tow.nship 8, rang' 8. Nat
3) 79,100 Acres, Northeast qutarter of"f
Southeast quarter of sectiont"l2, township
8, range 8. the
a 39 53-11()0 Acres, Southwest qua rter of A
the Southwl\est qurtlter of the Southwtlest 'ai
qturtelt' of sectlion 7. towu ship S, range 7. of si
39 83-1001 Aeres, Ntortheast l quarter of nin
the Stolthlwest quarter of sect ion 7 towi- sixt
ship S, ra:g'e 7. Str
238 11 110 Acres. \VWest half of the Thit
- Soulheast quarter of section 19, andl the II v
East half of tlhe' East half of section 13, and
to\wnshipl 8. north of range `, west. A
T7 .51-100 Acresr. East half' of Southeast in
. 41uarter, section 13, townshilp , range t, :itii
Ce rtilicati 1701(9. Sn
S]i') ,140-100 Atires, Southeast quarter of A.
r1 section 1, township 8, north, rantge ., feet
west. 1ii01
1 i10 Acres, Northwest quarter of see- the
t ion 7, towuslhip 8, north, range 7, west. ,
10(I 1I-11ll1 Acres, situated on the right Ar (
hank otf Rigolet lon(lite, lying eontigu- tie
ota at1 alibove S. P. landi0ing, 40 acres A
cleared anti imnprove-d, with house and the
cistern, h.lance woodland. frol
S These' lan1s w\ill Ie stoldt at priv'ate sale ant
s, at any time, payable onet hilf csh, hal- tivc
ant( it Oi' ll it twio years, with gtood So
is solvent sec(urities. To ie sihl on the 1, of
Ct 2, 3, andu 4th Monday's in Ii.)ecember next ant
is t Public Autction to the highest 1 hidder. 1
no For account and Estate of J. 1B. Prud- 1
hO110l1111i . sI
a
Two ,eautiful tracts of land, lying on , tt
e each side of Saline lIayon, live milIs ca
tg albove St. M:aurice, Containing 410( acres, 12
rc sl"'et i\e vely, . on
(' ontigpt us to One Ilul''red and Sixt by
a(1 ~ acres of cypress break, adapted to all
Saw-Mill. th
Armand tracts on Old River, lEast hbank
as saild to coutain 453 arpents bottom lan41. in
to West halnk 63: 18-lI0 arlpents hill land. tl
el For particnilars apply to NS
EMILE STi'. ANN PRlI)IIOMME, 4)1
m- Capte P. O. S
A Natchitoches Parish, La. (t
ten LSPECI.IL .YOT ICE. Al
cry 1o I
y S'rTTi: T.Tx Ciliu.I:CTon's Otric"l , (to
I' Notchittolhes, La., Oct. 15, 1877.
An lnimpvression 5m(nis to prevail amonttg fe
ttmany persi!,A, that the Auditor has ex.
tended the dato of lIayn.uell't of taxes, I
know of no law authorizing tlhe Audlitor
or any one else to slspendil the Revenue pl
law at \will.
re- The law which governs tax collectors
for is ilmperative and they have to option -
luit to olibe, it.
t II the desire to s;ave trouble and costs
to tax lipayers I again notify all persons J
interestedl that I shall execute the law
Ir- litterally.
pcr- L,. N. LANE,
Oct 20-tf. T''ax Collector.
[on- FROM HER ASHES.
The Phltrnix has put on Ilew life and now
caters for public favors.
t J 'rrl'en Suddatlh
RCr- -
thas taken charge and DAN now dispenses
tthe ch('hcic''st
We BRANDIES.
tale 1AII1SKlE i
LIQUORS,
ClG -RS,
&c.
RICHI S;. LOUIS BEER ON )IZAFT.
l)on't fiorget, ye thirsty, the IilttENIX
on St. Denis Street.
VeY Feb. 24-ly
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS,s
ESTRAY NOTICE.
TAKEN UP by the undersigned and es
Itraved before E. E. llanuuut, J. '., cr
Ward 3. Two Mules. Each branded J. Ml.
on left shoulder, nd about 13 anlls high.
Oue a bay, and the other a black horse Cra
nuile.
Estrayed according to law October 1st,
1877, JOS N. WOIFSON. the
Grapps Bluff,
Nov 3-1mo Natchitoches Parish La. 'In
rat
NOi)TICE S"I
SALE OF PUBLIC FERRIES. hb
-to
The pnhliic are hereby notitied that in tal
accordance with a resolution adopted at t.
the Octobet session of the Police jiury, I so1
e will proceed to sell, at publl c auction, at 13
the door of the court-horse, between the 27
hours of 12 in. and 2 p. im., on hr
Se aturday, the 1st day of December, '77 a
ad ll the public ferries within said Parish, al
viz :
Monette's or 40 mnile, 20
Cloutierville.
c Twenty- four Mile.
s Montgomiery.
SSt. Mal rice.
Gunlney's
d Joliiisoi's.
Grand Ecore.
' Campte.
0 Jordan's. J,
)f Lake Village or McDonald's Bluff.
,.omnba Point. J,
Stunm & Dimery's.
r- Said ferrries will be sold on the follow
ng terms and conditions, to wit :
To be sold for a term of three years.
The purchase price to be receivable in bI
d any legal Parish warrants, as follows: st
One third of the purchase price paya- a'
to 'o on the (lay of sale. One third on the ci
at 15th day of November 1878, and one third N
is on the 15th lay of November 1879. The S
purchaser to give bond as directed by law.
s Any failure to carry out the terms of ti
sale, will operate as a cancellation of sale
and the President of the Police Jury is C
authorized to put up said Ferry on the c
to st day of December following, and sell I,
le the same to the highest bidder. I
In case any Perries are not sold they a
* will be re-oflired. at a time to be an- I
a nounced on the day of sale.
WM. PAYNE,
Nov. 3-tds President P. Jury.
NOTICE.
Succession of Louis B. Rachial Dec'd
k- rjHEODORE RACHAL having applied
e to be appointed Administrator if
the Succession of Louis B. Rachal, no
vF tice is hereby given to all persons inter
lyested to show cause within ten days
from the publication hereof, why said
s application should ntot be granted.
nd W. II. TUNNARD.
Nov. 3-2t. Clerk.
ml- NOTICE.
Succession of John Laplace andl Clara
Laplace, deccased.
d- iRNEST SABOURIN, having applied
Lg j to be appointed Administrator of the
Succession of John Laplace and Clara La
et- place, deceased. Notice is hereby given
to all parties interested to show cause
within ten days from the publication
ids hereof why the prnyer of said application
should not be granted.
Witness the Hon. D. Pierson, District
Judge, in place of P. A. Simmons, Parish
Judge recused, this lst.. day of November
r A. D. 1877. W, H, TUNNARD,
i Nov 3-2t Clerk.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
Jules Duecasse vs. Mrs. Eloise Armad ,'4
and Jolhn C. Trichel.
District Court, No.
[ Y virtue of a writ of Fli, 1a. isse 1.
Slhy flthe lion. )istriet Co it i' n i e
for the Parish of Natchitoches, to Natit
me direetedl, issetd on a twilvel Its lte si
fBnol of Mrs Eloise Armanid a Jl, t
Trichel, in favor of Jules 1)t'se.
have: seizeed and1 will iothr fr sal
last a:d0 highest hiddert at th11' of to
', Conrt Iluse in the city and 'ril f A
Natchvlitoches, oit otai
fb'athrday, Ist dcay of Decemer, 1 77, eo
the fhllowiig lproplerty, to wit :bIo
f A crtal:in lot of gitround situated in li s o
it Parish of Natchiltoches, havitig a frut
7. of sixty feet ion Sihley Street, nd t l
of tuilg back for a depth one hundred 1 1
i- sixty-live fiet, houndedl north y Siliy o
Strcet. south hy loit oef 1 eti jean, et y
SThird Street, and west by .lot ott M
lvants, toglether with aill the ites
a3'a d i n i 'pr o v e nl u 'nt s t h el r o n .
Also a cel tain lot of gt sit woteel l l
st in the T''own of Nnatchloecliche l in of
i etild desribedl as lot No., ` fon ph cf I4 ` Ml
Sutrv. yeld on 1lth day of July Ic Sn L
of A. leriel'ck, having a front of sit-tx ea
teet on Sibley Street, with ia etlh o o1e n
itunlred ilnill sixteein fele, eltiled c e,
'- the east by 'third Street. west y It N.
o, tlnre e hy lot felerneiy heleo I t
t Antoine l'rUdllhonte and will, wit all
the ibuildings fl1 inlsrovemenetsileo.
e Also ainother lot of gl'roiinl ,ntc i l i
ti Thlwu and I'arishi of \Noii
froultiiu g -sxly-six feect onit Siley Stt, s
aleand lrunniniiig hack one hulndred ixt- ive 1
tal - ive teet, acquiired by Petitjeau frote ay
cl0 Sni'ecssion sale tof S. M. IIvant ot t ftet
, of Marchli, 1,70), with all the ildigs titis
xt and inteprovements thelreo'n. fr
e. Also a certaint lot ef ground Rnatc i sl
in tlhe City anue I'a rishl of Nateitelees e
Sand inimhered 1 , i rilunninlg eiglhty-tw feet ith I
six inches, on south sidle of Cl
o Street, parallel lines, houide the Oct
les east ev lot No. It, on the west y lt N.
, 12, cn thilc nih le e c(hilrcli t a
on the South liy lit hielngiig t or ed
v h St. .Josel's College, toge
oa nl the buildings wlld iuttleer t
thereon.
ck Also all undivided oine-furll i erest
Id. in and to three certain lots of gr il is of
. the town oV f (Grand Ecore, ris f 1
Natchitoches bieing iuniher cus: atlit
40, each havintg a front ofsevety fet t ie
Second Street, and runninig back for Alex:
a. depth ione hundred alnd sixty feet, b - I Pi
- 4e north tby Second Street, south l a S
Alley, east by tRent Street, a west by I a'
lot No. 37, said lots lein lg st ee te ;
on a plat of said Towin of ra Eore, sf l
madle by Louis Pelle, on 27ith dy Ma, f N
183 Seizel ais tlhe propeirty i the Dc
tg fneldaut, Mrs. Eloise Arnatel. Stt
T, I Theis of Sale. the
itor CASll-without the benefit of p
te praisentent."
D. IT. BOULLT, Jt l
trs Oct. 27.--tds, herif. el
ticet - J.J
ts SHERIFF'S SALE. Nv
ss John Genoc & Co., vs. L. VanScobroek.
law -- 2.
P'arish Court, Parish of Natcitoces. l
N o. 1 '01.
. Y VITITUE of a writ of t. Pa., '11W
I) ed in the lahoreV enlitledi I ttier- :
ell suit and to nte ldireetedl, I evd fll
:114 will ofifer for sale to lthe 'est : d rlec
10 est hiddher at the Ta ar ol el'L.. t .
Schoubrock in the parish of Natlitoees e
on 3.
tii
h Saturday, the 10th day of No 177, e
the following deseribed proeplrty to it :
2 Cows and Calves. ri
ees 30 Sides of Hlarness and Sol Later. ir
15 Calf and Deer Skins. o
7 Shieepl Skins. A
4 Goat ides. of e
50It: Sides of Beef Hides. i rc of te
being ttiuned.
.Trms of Sale~ :
T. CASH, with the benefit cef 'lp
x D. H. IIOUL
Oct 27-tds
SUC(EKSION SAL
. Succcsssion of lVctoriae Ga e
N ACCORDANCE with o
1igreetttent nutele hy the i e i
e . siecession and filed this ayt
P.J crP es oflice parish of Na
:l I will otfer for stle to the last
igh. est hidder on flee platntcatiol
rse crased near Cateepte, La. ot
, Wcdneeday, Noreemnber 7
the fellowing descrilced pre t
The north west qgarter el
L iiarter of sectien 2X, tovwnili
range 6 west coetacitinecg 4( 30
soutlh west quiarter of' tortl
sectihet 28, township 12, rl rt
west cotetainiing 40 33-100
S. half of north east quarter,
tecwVleshlp 12, nortlh ralege e
it l iiing 80 8t;.100 aares ; nort
t tar of south east qearter;
y, I south east quarter, sectio2
o, et 13, north ratege 6 west, ia
the 27.1000 acres ; amounting i
hntdred and eighty two
9 acres of land.
Paih And also the following des
able property : Ote hers
ox wagon, one setall two
20 head, more or less, of cale
Te'ms tand condition f
CASt! on the spot,
. P. Q
Oct 20-td.,
SHERIFF'S SAL
Jean Conant, Adnministratv
H. O. Roques- Parish Cou
Jean Conant vs. H. O. lo
low- Court-No 941
BY VIRTUE of two writs
e is. uied in tite above eutie
e it hered soit and to me dil
o seized alnd will offer for saet
aya- and highest Iihhhdr at fle
tte conrt-house in the citye
tird Natchitoehes ot
The Saturday tihe 17th day o 1
bylaw~.s
r of the following described prp
sale A certain tract of la u a
y is Cane river, about 19 ail
tte city of Natchitochee, boune
sell lands of N. P. 1Letoyer i
lands of Terence Chaler coi
they acres, more or less, togetler
b ae- buildings atd ineprovernec r
,Terms of Sale
ry. CASII-with the benefit of
D. I. BO T
Oct. 13-tds.
1)ec'd- - -*- *
•t
plied SHERIFF'S S E
>atr ef
, no- John Syvester vs. Frat c
usinter
days Y VIRTUE of a writ o
y said sale; it the above enti
to me directed, I have seiz a
D, fe"r fir sale to the last anl
Crk. der, at the door of the cou
city and parish of Natcheito
Saturday November
the fillowing described pr
A certain tract or pureel
apled ated li the parish of Na c
of the if Louisiana, and being :ill
ra La ite south west qilarter of
giveitseven in townslhip n e
causeenumber sevele, lyitg so
leltea t ourbeux1 and cotitaini n le
ection acres, tlore or ielse, toget' a
i buildiigs and iniproverre
Sarish 1'erms of Sal
etber CASH, with the benefit of
II, D. H. BO J
ClrSept. 2;9-LdM. hrl
SIUV('ESS1ON I E.
Snu 'cc.sin ,f , " :/t1, .1l, ri.,, 're ]0on.
(i .1,rin, le', d.
1)1Y tirte ofan ,rr II of the i, .
li .111ge 10 Il Par Ish ( rt o f
Nat,.hitoch,,". I will ,,0'.-r for ..,h "t
il,' r.si lice of 1\ilo l ui,. o i l h1 Itthe
il'.c'tednesy, thec 71h orend,,r, I?7
tlh l;,-tt llow i,g I,.rih t) ,r, t ; belo, I b
in,1 to si:id .illi rl - io l, t 1 o-wit l : "n"
A t.rt'in, tralct of l, it : l, this p.ris,
containinil ahoult fur 'th ,nitd alIts
iolre or ltl's,. sit :Itl4"1 in II Ir,.velolv b
h oth si .s of (':, lilo erl hunllll ld nal>
h lani of e 1111M. C . N. u l ii,. les , lw ý
l i tnl of .ha, :1 i C 'o n t :1,1l . rhrl ..e..
\111h all ," ilnlr,\,."n uts thereon si
1,l1 hting, ,l I,.a id I in lots, :,1d will ae
,,l in ,Iot of ,,nn hunlrevd arleluts,4th
of l,.ss 45 h]1.
L. lt N ii. I. n th rih'lt side of said
rilver, d,.,hni ding, ,hInlldl ld belo10 b]
,Jerrv, Jonts.
Lg s ot No. '. Oni rirht sh il1. 1botl111
ahiuvi1 by Mu11i. C. N 1:t,,q1 is
Lot No. 1. (Ill 'l l1ft . sh le.h tundedalhae
hy Mine. C. N. C I,115uR.
Lot No. 1-. O ht side, hMoultnded bel5 ,
1 , Jean Con fa wfnit.t
Also, a .crtain ]ot of hinschohl ftari,
ture', &c.
Te"'mi, of ,a le.
For thil moIll,\:l, es (iash. The lah111i
,one il;t1't1h 'ash. at l the hall rce pa.1 s
lls in 'Itfll o01 ilistalllm .t. i in , Sle all d e t
V Ilars fro t da'V oif' sale. I'nrhr- sear to
t. lO heir Ntiis for l thell crdit terim
payal,] r'spe1ti\+ly, tone ti1 twvo:eare,
ftl-1ila t of srle to the 3 D dler of th(e Ad,'
t Ih sfttor, hlo aing dec per rcert interesl
.leg retalled an11 the sale to ete ade
Oc:t ,-",1t. Adminlistrator.
1 SHERIFF'S SALE.
SWrit of 1i. Fa. , 'I Twelv'e Months Bond,
s Y VIItI'lE of a writ of Fi. Fa.issed
t 1) v the lion. Parisih Court of thepar
II ish of Na:tchllitechs and to mie directed,
11 41ssu 1 onl a twelve l moniths hoind of Am,
Sbroiso lI)eliux :n1d 1Mare(li,) Deblieux
N aided band authorized by her husbud
,r Alexanltler )ebllins. ill favor of AJan
1- II. 'icrson, ,Sy tlie of ltl t r ditorsofthe
11 succssio of Jcnat IIel Cloutier , Sr.,decl,
I hawe seiz"ed and 11 ill xt1',,r for sale to
Stl last and highest hiier at tlhe door
, sf t'the colurt-hll (ts" in t1h city and pariah
I, of Natc.hitochesr oni
- I 0tlrday the 3d clay of Vorcnttier, It7,
the follotingr descril th property, to-witj
1. A certain p1lantation situated abot
s'vlen miles below the ften of Natebitrt
cesi, olll otll sNl.es of Little Red River
1and containitng thout 471 s1tperficial I
(ibnts :nll1 hieillg the itlltr. acquired from
J. J. Lambre Iy lpubl, ;let on the 10th
Novmenlr. 1i27. h with all the building
k and iilplrofln' c rts thereon, c _
2. Another tract of I,;ad on the right
Ibank of Little River descencling, e(ntain.
ing about 211 4-110 :arpe'lnts bounded be.I
low hv tl tract advs described alo
above by the lind dstcrtil in No. 3, the
If illowing tract, with all the improve
,meatsy thereoco, the saoy ani quired from
J. t. O. l9:,rd by public act on the 16tl
SFebruary, 18(2.
3. Another tract on tIle ight bankCde
ending said river next :labove the tract
described in No. 2. abov,, containing
t: ,bat 117 th-100 arpents, more tilly dei
cribt, in t1he ill\'tory. andl the saenease
. quireld from JosephSoldini by pubhieact
on tlhe '2e , December 1$18.
Also all of the p'resent growing cropf
of corn and cottou on said plantationot
of trnet of Ill.
Thle ao\e detscribedt lands will be sop d
as one l lantartion.
Termsl I of Slde:
t CASi, ill r0eady mnley 'ithout ti
l 1 . Ii. PMOULLT, a. i.
Sept. o0 tds. Sheriff.
'd. SUCCESSION SALE.
t Sfrccsslon of Anise ctoyer, o rt 0',
o- N. Roqles, Jr.
s Y vIir ite of an nler of thle Honoble
w Judge of the Parish Court of Natchal
tochi oes will oiler (ir sale on thepamlit
is of thile late teslene of the deceasedi
011
,it: Wedresdan , fttete 7th aorfember, 11d,
rst the fllowiugb describled property ofl i
eA cirtain tret of land in the prisbld
rtr Natchitoches, ol the righlt oank desead
i" ,ig of CIne River, houndlhd above by JI
ct E. Hoqu's, below h f irunige,'e Rloret
it. the rear hy, A.F.M. MIetoyer, and i
Cor- i.ont by Cane River, eontaiingi -oh
ar- hundred, and twenty +'pents, mlore o
E of less,
811' Terms of Stre,
to One third cash, the Ialance payarSlai
)-100 1welvo mollnths, the Irchaser to eeeeatt
his notes fl r the tedyit tperlS, paoable
e the order of thile Administrator, in twel'
trge A nhs from day of sale, and hearing I
yg, per cent Interest rom dal y of sanlet
to hie sectred by special lIortetage tat
vetdorl privilegef retained, atd twe ll(e
to be made with the claluseo of nonalieu
tion.
S. N iALEX, DUIAh S i IEt OYER,
Oct. 6ait, Admiuistrtar.
SHERIF~FS SALE.
_* J. S. 1 tephens, vs. F. tn. hprtman.
thi e Parish Court, Parish of Natchitoches.
No. 1602.
$t.i- o I 3Y VIRTUE of a wri9 of Fi Fa., i9rsed
i0 n the arove ntitled ad e r neo bert l
hesuit and to me directed, I have seise~
ltand will oflfer tr sale to the : s, ag
highest idder at the door ofthe toar
house in the cit.y and parish of atchie
toches, on f
SSaturda the 3d cday of Noremberr, Ig1
'it the foillowing deit rihed property, to.it:
tA certain tract of h4l1d withll the bill
1 theings arnod im provemllnts theroun sitatl
Sb in the Parish of Naetchitolle inethe State
of Loulisiana bing lthe south went quartls
sty of section No. 28; the north wtest qunrt
I the the north half of the soulh west quarttt
of the south eaSt qllarter ant[ 1 t"h IOd
west of the north Past quarter of seetio
No 33 anJ d thie soith cast quarter of 1 e.
mert. No. 2 in township 9 uorth range 9 et
containing six hnudrnd and forty acf,
r said tract of lhnd being b,.tter knoWS
and dt.cribed in the townshilmp mapots
the ILual Oflice as a l Hoo ~ondo clains of
t ehgal reresentat ires of Antoniol obrA
No. It.L and designaten in said maip)
scction 39 township 9 nrlth ratnge 9 Wa"
a nd Register and Receiver'n report 1810.
·ill ofTerms of Sale :
CASH-
in the D. II. BOULLT, ,n.
Oct 13 -tdw. She
NOTI('E.
tit Surccession of Alida Ttanzinr dned
of thle SuCC'ession o," lida rauzio.
1 noticcis hlrh,'\" g|'n ito t i, l rt U18.
cel.Witn ss thef lom. PP. ,\. SinunonS, R
ise nt. ish J u d g e , th is O c t. ol~ h , A . 1) . /$77:
will. Oct. 27-2t.