!Y (V ' f I 4
in Ithe t Of milrtiI , , sii pl., in l
to the crop the prp( r ktl' 1 ,1 "f n',ºo
in p ilpe ll o o 1, tip i ,or a. tlicit';iI
Thua tlliti uS. 'htell ; 'In slVplt'r(" i i t l i
lutiusl bhle, the yil i ndi t. lIit GIii h
hits givlen twill thll, an et l (14.11i, lt. t
refc. tiiliz ti ,. mull be nmoit, enlliv tte
hils Vt'1 I i p h' It'dii'ty;11 It r li I. l po n
The meca;fioal ch,.nw3 r of Suth.
plani: t that \\ill th tiatlly 'rl'w ill
On very light 1haul,, rte, of al i
Mlads,, w hen11,, clov\.-l and !"'Pass grow)\
most Insmllliintly. Tlhus t e i nd thati
physii al hii' :i h iutr iof the soils is it'
glo t acui l til" 'llllt"., l  ltel lle',
the I7li tillutlt puit lcts iof the i re-i
uns 11i ' \ ',here thl y t .i -, th t ilt ' h iyl
Sinhe ipro'lvd nelhanically tA wi(ull Ias
heml icall. ; in f;lirt, 11 ;the '-mnli
ligt'is 'i .,t hIi ftulfillte d ie' Ire woile t
have a ptelltect result. -1t r. S,ot.t
The Pig for +th3 South.
tBlack or slate colored 1 i.,( s ai .
freest ifronl ;sIi disei ae in h it cli
atles. The icholice iw prac·tic·ll? " Ile
to'eien the ':-ex alnd elii ithilte ~fr.
naleis, \ith w hich tou imlprove tI'
naitive Sock of hardy giltrhllters tt't
the root.tit' di(i variety. Those whli,
hlave tried the forlir have bleli tic
lighlted iat lilt, hut after it ftw liiars
begi to Iicnll withi Ilongi, tile lhhan
1iet~tus aind Ihill hl t solid ait illit v tr
ni ba eonil' it' the thl ii iO ' lihir.,
breed. Thll, e ilulho'le with the Is.tx
pigs for the Stitllh i, thalt they tare
not aciive eniiglll . They ile' of thf
e t-iialg -iiil e, 14uliil sii tll nild-il aket'
to-a't kiiild, ild i helir gi uiks aIrii ', i I"I
coltre, like thei ii. ''Thi e sile tat I.
!perlil, , 4 iii so is Ihe leaf lalll, alnd
are too at Ifor oIn it, altt' r li iii . n i s
not uiathtie l ttis fatl like th l lte ek
14bir1es. Tl'hese (thle 1 't k .) ;lie 11111)"1h
tmore enlltl ptu1ngll g. mll me wide ai l I;Lke,
illprove. li,.nt 1pol the oritlii ll
Setock i ll,1 s he iall e vet tgit, nldl y t'l
the iprop Wnlit llhe ti fiajbt itlt lean
in the hams, shoulders and iiside pork
or da'on is lach ;Is to tdevel,,pe ander
presterve tthe excxhl l: cies of !le IIeiit.
'cT e rts aily oi; and richi, and
jicyE wbt h i l digtl'tis t I fat.i lhli'k hi is
ae not luite so e sily lathtlited \\'he
penne'd a1id s-ystematicallly f'd ias
thle Esex ugradelt, lt they will taklll
Nlnch ,.tlr cale of th n ºi.l 'es ili
theio wootls, ;iilll w1 en p11e0i'111e t'for fat.
tlelling iay be tiisiell ,fl with half
the feed the 04iigillal "''ii4d( pikes'
wnihlI leqluire.
Wilh iially nrlthelrn landl We.stern
breeders the Essex is i mote proiita
ble pig thaln thlie lIerkshire, bIeeIuse
his ltuiiR ire leads hiii to tlake little ex
ercise, so thati all Ie elats goest to tesh
And ifat. Respiration, \1(ich, if slid,
edulces fat greatly', is willt himil never
acceleratedrl b.y moiiivilng alat, d,
with pllen1t " of ftl;, Iithe volhe ,llurdei
oIf life is to digeslt it. This blreedi is
plre-eminent among the lllack breeds,
ailnd excelled .y none al s ft il irodtlu
.ers.--Anucriciu :Airiclturist.
Training Garden Peas.
We too often see private gardens
in the country and village cultivated
in other vegetables, to the exclusion
of the wholesome pen, in its lmany
climbing vaticties. The excuse given,
is the expeins and labor of sticking
them. "'Tis a mass of I,rush and a
mess of peas." Any one who has
cut pea sticks or brush for a small
area, appreciates the labor and pa.
tience required. I give you a ch eaIp
plan I have adopted, and as I think
€on)veniwit and economical.
Ilaving i,lanted the pea in double
Tows, 9 or 10 inches apart, with an
alley of 4 feet, on Ihe intensive sys
tent of both manufacturinig and dril
ling in the seed, I prealtre good ce
dar stakes, or of any material worth
deepiug from year to year, -4 feet
long sharpened at one end, with a
small bole bored throughl each near
the top. Drive these in the ground
between the rows, It) or 15 feet apart,
then procuring good corn stalks, (the
cheapest comn.odity in the conntry,)
cut thetm of equal lengths, anid witl
one stroke of the knife sharpjen the
uase, and put them down as thick as
necessary between the stakes, and
then with a strong bagging needie
and twine, string ltese through the
top, letting the cord pass through the
stakes which snpports the \ hole with
any mass of vines growing ov'er them.
To wake Uthem doubly secure, p it a
cord or wire at the bottom and top.
This is easily dispose~d of-corn stalks
burnt, and stakes preserved.-Cor.
Southern Cultivator.
Alcohol and Tobacco.
While the passion for alcohol burns
eore strongly in the savage than the
eivilized meu, the foduiess for tobac
,oo seems to be equally shared by
both. The traquitlizing elfects of
smoking are chiefly coucentllratedI
upon thle ill nuscllolothor antl the cir
culatory functions. It depresses. in
fact, those q-'alitisf of the organuisl
which are of least imlmediate impio
taunce o to he stndenlt or thei votary of
any sedentary pursuit; and if by a
vice we mean) a habit which militates
against the social usefulness of the
individval, theu suokiug must hi
regarded as more of a vice in the
savage than in the civilized rmal, in
the hunter or wal)ior thanl in the )oCet
or philosopher. The moderate use of
tobacco is certainly less injurious
than that of alcohol ; uunfortunately,
excess ill tilhe folriert' is less ilmted-l
iately productive of disagreeable or
dangeroos effects than excess in the
latter. Hleuce the limits of tmodera
tiou can not be so easiJy assigned.
Dr. Parkes allows that sueokin g may
occasionally be of nse1tlhogh never
really necessary, to the healthy
adult. Dr. Richardson condemns it
utterly.--lonon Academy.
When and How to Eat Fruit.-
When fruit does barmn it is because
it is eaten at improper timnts, in im
proper quantities, or before it is ripen
ed and tit for the human stomach. A
distinguished physiena has said that
if his patients would make a prac
trice of eating a couple of good orang
es before breakfaet, from February
to June,. his practice would be gone
The principle evil. is, that we do not
eat enough of, fruit;. that we injure
is Beer qualities, with sugar; that we
dlr)lvl t' ll IIi cri1a1e . Av tie.d the
im iliciiall acti'on of the I rl frulit
:u'ids in o ,1 sv.yt':u. alul their cool
i. . cmI, l).ctivte intll once. -Modical
, hiarl llGd. raniu . A Lily coo
r,l.onhldnt tells uis haw She s ill's
her ,r inan!iitll )'uttite . Shity ;nets
ho)x, say in't or live inl'th de'pil,
and It 11 4 et by eii4htnl inchi
n lit, l f1' ", '(I. lght 4l soil''S andJil
nilllilng , i ll.smoothly with a s iI
k. ife, l lttii u thin'i ) thur' e or foln
inchs apart, and pressing the dilt
tirnly ;aro lndl l; l ill. Slhe 1ri 'er
thel freely So ,1' iit as set ati d i ti
that, ,ht-e ys, 'h41 only waters them
M 1i1-1l lihl top f' the soil ,,,tIe (t1 h
,,tting day. A wet s il is totrlilly
illi for r-LanltLe gSilatiog. A -l
si I. il IIIII t l lit' t ' entily)l' 1t' " hLours
is . l (ll 11t . ll ow ofte1" tli wItca l't r w ill
h"e no li}n to hllV easy the * 1 .'1rt
passes away. It', \h hell yon plill'
hater on theta, it diialºilati, almost
i-Istantl', it wouli he better to water
i iever. i I y. 14 le'iii elt. a 11 i' lli4' cul ttl'il
will ail to i' ilt, ui l lio 11t ' 1eioie a
fIl'oI ering planl)(lt if treated iln thi ( s
l ay i II--S u ith r h u'n t';ll1rlle . l I.
Lab nr-Lant:-Legislation-Im
.tmigration.
:N. 0. D)eiiociit.
The lhlr' aInd the lands(1 , (of Lou-ll
isiana c s holil t illllra t Ihe speci;I ;t
t i, (lioi (f i tr people, and of our ll 13' till
rF i t111 e 1e1nt time.
-II ThIeld' 11 l;ui te ' ifi ktd handIl, whor
I, I it )1(1111 till 4.s the, Soll tI p l iCO ll'rlF e
; (f thl, t.ittler si(lt' e (l f twarl, ate. tat.l
1 tsing;ho It 1a;l W h i I t is ' n lt I ;t e ii lars
i'ihcir lilliii ºr w ill he smi ill.
"- \We have often repeated, tutul eryel
f luJ iladmit' , Ihiat thile col lel lah lleri
.4 of the Sl ate, ilinlthr ltwenty l dll ill
Ie \I 's( 1 1 t il' I I tlbt all'e l'tull.) t nle
h; ie ebut a oof r i Lro ledge of livii or
l i lho ,sewol 1, ;lare ild lentl . and are n tl
li1o, ll to llcllo l u l-'ful in anyr li e
t 1arl)tly. 1111 wle learil tlh;lt the yon nt
e olored laborers ots ;1 the other
S tllhern State,, t'o1se 5"1 h ve
ilgrown 4i Si n i) the l w iarll are u ich
. IllV (11111l1' 1UII,'(1 i atr ie 1 111 5 i' i ll 1)il 1
tl li ile those of Lo i sili leita. S libr lant
S1ss, in healthy Iowlitie., could hil
S ain tlo u: ls of lf fohier latilor
I s ,l', ill the W estern ;illl N"l 'h ri
itt sit w Ls hEir DNanttio .
t. the 1h01',i s \ste., lr to make cam- to
I ell Cito planters byi tlhe tll, if lthey
s4 wold take as ltch pains to get7
ti thlmll as they have taken to ll |brlin
sI colored labor front Virginia and lilt
1 ('atlinas Since the war; .1111] worl d
iti1 spend as nml,"h money iu ll iaing the
- exliense, of briniging white lahmlers
1f, to the State as they have spent oil
5' coiloed i nlluigranti .
iWhite share handy would irust of
'n them in time erinole Loiisialla farm
I- tls, inll w\' llh c( ltiate theirs own
se 1 farms. ('oliredl lallitborrs seldom ,are
x- ilionel'y to hay flirli., and are not
;l, ! mach inclinell to, rise above the coe -
, dition of ,tilh hands, wl'king by tit
ir month.
If Itour Legislature al n lour landl
]i holders anti planters, make no for
'i ward inovelent to bring white lahor
tl, ers to the State, and to ti'teo l'icage'
i- manufacturing, the sugar plinter of
Louisiana, not lmay yeals hence, will
have but little labor to lean Illu o;
I and eighteen million actes of tilhlble
\ ti l he L e: i.- l_ t ,re 1..f .ii S Iate.
1;77.
Miscellaneous Notes.
New Delta.
'rThe first large importation of Span
I ishl mrino sheep into the United
States was matte by the lion. Wiim.
Jarvis, our consul at Lisbonl, in 18t)9
fand 1810.
Sixty bushel.s of corn and four tons
per acre of clover' h:y, were amiong
the products of a farm in T''angipah;ian
parish dmiug the sneaon of 187;, and
this by atn amateur farmer. Seventy
ti e cents was the price per pounud tol
s butter from Jersey cows, at the same
Splace.
The planting of cane by small
farmers in Louisiana and Miss.issippi,
hias heoitme s* general, that In many
railroad townsl molasses of an excel
lent quiility can be had for thirty-Iive,
cents per gallon. The sugar produc
ed by the sametl persoins has tbeen to
indlifterent thliat it is ialmiost Ulisalea
ble. Try again. genitlemen.
S The old slipshod fashion of allow
ing cattle to stnl've in tlie woods, has
not proved very profitablile to our
farmeirs dotiug the jpast winter. Stock
does lnot fatten well on pine strai\
Sanid broom sedge. Ctonsequentily ima
f iy have fallen victims to tihe extreme
s cold, or starved to leath,. Mloril:
Keep less cattle and better ones, and
feed thlen.
Goats are the poor manii's cattle.
They ctºot nothing to keep, while
they attord t bountiful siipply of
meat, milk anid excelleit fertilizer.
SA friend writes that he intends
statinug a poultry yard on the IGo!l
t Coast, with 5000 heus. Better try
fifty at Jist.
Orange growing is beiug carried on
with great success in the western part
of Louisianar especially in the neigh
borhood of Lake Axrtbur; the market
for that section is Galvestion; the
method of transportation, small
sehoosers. This will be altered when
the Telas railroad commences opera
tions.
Richard Lloyd, Esq, formerly cot
ton factor of this city, has gone large
ly into the sheep business near Co
lumbia, Mississippi. His flock nom-
bhrs at present 1500.
HUTSDN'S
LIVERII aind FEED
ý1 1 ' Plil 1'.\1I1·:1, to :I("( III) lil~llt I~ t till
0 1 ) 1 t \ Z III IL's1 Groh
i.::1 ' t1:i I~o~ iio SI. $1 Pii: 1)A1Y.
DANIEL PRATT'S IiNPrVED
"P hin'v1iii II' en d"
COTTON GIN
P.'Il'ENTEI Jll i'iY I 1`l73.
'I It'E RII)'CEED
TO $4 50 PER SAW.
'fllls1 (IN ha.s i evn in ne flt' theIast
Sthree seasons,;ntlnd several recen'rt im-
lr\ven-tents ha I hbeen added. It ob-i
ati s all friitlion at the endit s of the cotton
box, Iprevents the roll from hrskint., and
,ives a LAl.:EiR YIELD O(1" LINT from
the sl e amttount of sBed titan ally oihte"r
;in iin use. 'h levh l ' in.- I :uml light
ns ti it draft andl iaus- the (,ill to I1111
fI ster \\ilh l'ssM drivinu piwc.l hr, t ih - dO
ini a g 'iriat dtl al i . ii r rI N 'k \\ithhli the ]
s ile ime, whil ev oiit' nizint st veall Ior
J .imal i.wr, th an. y ,OhLF r in. TChe.,
,ted hin, :gin d very, . close, the S lngth
9Tof the st.lh. is incre.s,,d, rd e...ing cot -
ton on thi; m cnunt (It a lr'atrt inllrket
vale. This ilmproved vale. given ty
length of staple. with cxtr production L
of lint, ldded to increased amont of
\\( k done, snort' than covets the Bost .
JOSrnr . I n. WOL'E & CO.,
GENNERAL AGENTS,
59........ CLAO .NDLET ST........ 59
NEW ORLEANS, LA.
C. L. WVAI,MSL.EY, Agent,
August 12 NA TCHITOGII1'1E't , LJ.
HENRY GEN US,
Worker in Tin, Copper and
SHEET IRON.
Corner Front and' Trldcau Streets,
NATCHITOC'i ES, LA.
atld sole agent for the celelated chamnlion
CHto ARTER OAK
d cooking stoe. All stoves sold at mlal
Is A large and srelct slock of Tin Ware;
, and HoIsle Furnilshilg goodl on hand
(ll UTTERINC. RAlltN, ttv td all man
1n9r of Joah, Tiul al d flanbers work exe
entml with dispnath.
Steam Saw lill.
J. H. STEPI-IENS.
(Seren Milcs kSouth of .Yatcliitockes.)
I AS ON HAND and is prepared to fur
nish on short notice all kinds of thy
BEST QUALITY OF
Yellow EIeart
PJ NE LUMBER.
Has well stocked lumber yard in this
city and at Mr T. CI.~dr's, on Cane riv
er where parties can have orders filled
promptly on application.
PRICE:
Five to Ten dollars per M. at Mill.
Fourteen dollar per M. in city yard.
Address,
J. H. S I EPlHEN',
At Mill.
Or J. C. TRICHEL,
Natchitoches,
And T. CHALER,
Feb, 11-1ly. Cote Joyeuse.
A.. MEr emnee,
NOTARY PUBLIC.
(Office under Vindicator Office,)
ST. DENIS STREET,
NATCHITOCHUL S, LA.
Aeril a.- 17.
1811. 18.: '
Ounr Frile ids
Should subscribe at once, and
get up Clubs for the
SOPLE l VINDICATOI
FOR 1877.
-00----
Our inducement to Clubs are lib
eral.
-----00---
LOOK HERE!
We will let each of our old Subscribers who pro
cures us one new Cash subscriber at our usual rate,
have the VINDICATORi, one year for Two I)OLLA\RS. That
is, both slbscribers can get the paper for FouR DOL
LARS AND FIP'TY CENTS.
Club Rates.
Single copies............. ................ $2 50
Ten copies to one address ............... 22 50
Twenty copies to one address............ 40 00
A copy of either, the
People's Vindicator,
Saturday Evening Post,
New York Weekly Sun,
N. O. Weekly Democrat,
Leisure Hours,
Furnished extra and free of charge, to each getter up
of a club of ten subscribers.
CASHl must accompany every order.
Rlemit by Draft, Postoffice Order or Registered Letter.
JOB WORK.
SOur Office is supplied with a splendid assortment of
Job Type and Liberty Jub Presses,
and we are determined to do as good work as New
(Orleans, and as cheap.
BLANICS,
POSTERS,
CIRCUL ARS,
BILL HEADS,
LETTER HEADS,
SBRIEFS,
PROGRAMMES,
BUSINESS CARDS,
and all kinds of work executed with neatness and
dispatch.
Address,
3. H. OsOGROVZE,
EDITOR AND PUBLISHER,
PEOPLZE's VINDldrOAft, Nachitoches, La., P. O. Box, 120
OUR COUNT RY! t
WHAT WILL
Become of It ?
Is t(hel',,ln' hti nol w p t "aitatin.; the puhlih
IIinitl. I''
'i he gra ;'t ' icl' e, hetfor ('tCo v ,res ; t lih I'
final al.' t t n.nf t f'i the l ate l'nr .i ,lth tial ,
e'l ctini : i t .. i i't)' llg ('c ll r's " thl.
Ill'' rl'e-iden V tl he f lii . t ,ii" of tih,' next
thl o lunl try wlm l l""lp. h., arte Inatt'lrs of tt
al. S h a hari . I s tll't h ltll pllr lsnitdi 1,
since It ' lh la tio l f u l ini d.lt t ln , I.
A TIulhflul listory of .elti:.lnul ddo- p'
ings f ('tngress will he given with ima- of
pa ltiality tand lfairlt"ss in i the
CINCINNATI ENQUIRERCO
a piiu lit slirit tted I tlr l. 'eh in t tlh, wish
e Terms o f Suilv.scription. - liýin
to fith Laws. ;;f, I (ym ,vtrnownt, auli tih,
liightls of ie. ' , 'l I. i. ... heard u n.. ll
1 vMtt's thai t pertain i file country':
fith Tricky Pi litici:n S. :ldwayl', re .ly
to ol'galize troullhl+", but who tivter Ipr
tivcipMat in langt.r, will hl shltiw oI, in T
tix Ir 'hfta '.h iters . y sui sh.rl!Iii
ti' lht Eii luir ... you will get a taihful I
'tc(r)ld of ev\'nt s as ihl y h rvallslU irt', with- g
out Party Colhrint) and nhnlsed hy piar- tIl
ty iet.lings, as th trme merit in a nt.wt5
pal.tr is its ahility aa l t illinguess to ti
gi the tt t
NEWS AS IT COMES, it
and 1 ot as it is prepared hy party letna 'I
-ggues to mishand the latple. Ol'ioue I
opiesic fr(e.Si
Terms of Subscription.
Oll \v 1.11.: ILY.1
Ain, sl Copy, ou y 1,ar.. .......... 3. 2 o t
Fivt ,('olies i .. t1 75 each......r' 7tt
Ten '.. I ,l ..... : i l a
'I'Tweut . .. I 5 t " . 3 .... ( 1a
FOR. D g.\ILEY.
Without Sunday Issue. With ,,da. l.,ue.
t" stMail.' t year ..ltJ oill Bv Mail I car 14 ON ill
S ix M o n th . . .. ... .. 6 n S ix M o u th s .. . 7 I ,(
T h r e .e M , , tt h . . . . . 1 3 T l ' h r ,' M .n t h .s . . ' 3 . It
(h e M onth......... 1 5u 'n ,. M ,nth .... I 5 ' .
lost libekral terl s to i nst h ate ts. t nl'd.
lfor slcit'i n (piet s antl ai ents' n ou it. t
Agents wanted at every ])ost-oilice.
Ad'lr I all letters to t
FARAN &s McLEAN, P't i is i, tl
S Cincinnati, Ohio.
TIIE U ION
MONTGOMERY iitiiLAIR, Edittsor.gt
Published El'very Morning (Situn- ,
tr ays iXielxlpted) at
927 D STREET N W.,
Waot o N hingtorn. . op o t
BY HENRY PO LKI st itN. s
Address ot Box 4 at l, City P. O. o
The UNION is st'erve55 d hiLy l'c'ILirs to (C
snhseriers at I cf'elts l, week, e r 50 .
Ants ly mail. (Apostage rCTIE pai.) I
centsiErmonth, T.00 perIT year. All S.
subscriptions must he paid invariahly in r
all|vancet.
The UN)orN will he sent to r luhs atee
tlt rate o'.i per yearf, po.lltte lbrepaid.)
StHthes fIt adlerlisl,ig 'll.rished kl. oup
l h ie ati .l p t
Natiitdallerl's orldering Tuc : I'tOt r wills
heilUlllif!i at the usual rrtes. The
mouny must invariably accomplany the 7
Post otolue orders Ire prer h l e. tl
Acvll husi s m iatins mut
Th ItUlso n itins coiductetricl on entirely
pnsh lrichl . titic; gritlti
mh ronsio n is Lthe lary DRemoratiew; dai-e
Notessin f the evets n irlu' Colmnus f the
ean Spkln ditorial, "eh in diat jet sougt
in the est salishmnt of his aper is eryboy lovs to aid
in reven, antig the ation from ly ing -
mple acinop is containin 'ilt rat is, eantc.e
set and fruslracing the reat rtn rmsa nlf ad-re
ministratiou and itl.ance decreed Ilphly theI'a.
N. vot .-f November, and we hope iio tor
6o0 bductfore l.leTr as to d. 0mo lstrat its
mutility kto the ounhy aht lartge, and tob
securesuch support from the olUN as
1877PRIME ENJOYMENT FORK. A YEAR.1877
t Less it ar taillb tfr ACet as tu-a Week.
Twile Sit'tk ;itybe i hetfn Ifai oT.
tat l(s. It is wpublished we'kly contains
wilketlhes be a y the best writers; no s.eiin
atiots atl tcractsh, tut ucha alread motheilir tois
willing will conthinlre to, readIf . Thtll
whole tone of the paper itls purt e and el
It alubito olatins of istoritncl and Biouhi rl
phitc'l articlelow; Scintilice; Agrit ult urt.l
fand tH usehotlillttll of Departments; Fashion
by Article weeklyole fr the propnd exelled; Huto
morousNotest ; Literary R in views ; Newsbox d i
h oN otes; Boy's ad rel bys' Cluimtu
-tnd Sparkhthe ontg Editorial, completc., an etcrut.
ojust such ats paper reat eventrybody loves to
read, antr thie l.rpee is onlyIItan r.
efully ol receiptf of a 3-cent stamp Add C ress
deNOts. It650 BENrts frETT & FICTH,eil
'6 iall oe tull, accraet, Phland felphia, Pa.I i
N.will B.-Bl sure oand atllix thesere an fmtler
O hefhatre ENof.those & Iwh, so thive at wenl
themay kTreMaw throughr b srig what paper the law dosub
111it cutII1i.t! rti of th.e puliic I,} de her 1
it f f I tttlt~sA 1, I : o u
ii 11 Il4iii... Itt 1.,I u ty t6t c[ j~ut Iii p(
1ltrpil "00fti1I.'/ jtlý ý '~l t. 13 CFill P~ s
1 hI I u ii or Tý S I 1 jI ' i t º ; f}p Rt
thl Sn~at 441i~i01 1%7 70. ,1V. :I
1'h. ' \ it N u.\ Y rIli r i 11.1-11 cigl' 1 t fh~
I\I
Adili,-.t. ,."tit .t11N, Nt 1-,utrk tit yD
of ý1 a s..t. Ili1l I.i .t tit
l b. 1r.o. lt .I t !1+ i l.ll r Ij., l ,.. j '
I"'I. Ii " , ·; l lI il l fill' S.11 :11'.~ e ti~
0 t " 11 i u l + I r . . ý " 0 .~ i I " r . ' i - i n ý o- c t
71 'HE PEUPLE'S PAPERi''
ITHE I;(e'1l'I LL E WEEKLY
Courier-Jouraa
'The I;ret Nationll! Family Newspape
(' omhinlu s tlhe l' .pl'rincI. ability an
In;; t ''ll rve Do'"t "' of th l. ' . gl ute. lQ.
i. vilh, n",- 1"Il rs 1 ,! tlit nl: ll re'pluteý
the l. ,ui u 111, 1'olti r, uLouisville JOui.
11a1l anl. Luisvilh. ]k'lll"mllat--aIud is foi
ti*i' h inti' 1hre o!uqt and confidentere.:
suhltig frtim tt .l'1 t hul' a century o
th,"ir inlivi aln) a ,,', ., colui'":', succen
'lheI. Weekly ('our itr-'-lJurnal is not t
nrile lhastl Ihot tl,-t.ch lhtIrown fruolt'"
dails edition. nl t a oml)llte,h ahle,spic"
thit ly ..,l,,l.g r1, r:re'ully and iutelli.
gitlly e ilitcl ill tv Iry c 'tliln andpa-
gtra:ph.
(Chie from t 225 standard books, or an
,n, of th,' I,.adlina m;,g ',ines or illustr_
lt Id 11'iodi'Iis litr' a mh rl Ilittaclee i
:ulitlion to tli. plrict, of thle Courier.Jonr:
uIl alon'.
1t ENT'I'I(' :S I1OEMS andl the Weeldj
('c1j1ier ,ijural onl yeai r for $300.
A slilendid Mai; of the South, aim
,2. x,3 inches. handsunie.y colored, var.
Iuil, had ahl hunlg on rulers, retail price
• . wU. will h 1." ,. td t, each subseri.
IirI t tthe We.kly o .rier-Jourual w o
'l'Trus. $2.1w2) a vilr. losta:,.ge paid. Lib.
etr:l oti;els t, .ltois of tive Iti more. Spe.
(imle.n c,. alln descriptive circularfr::
Adi,lr, sr W. N. HtALDEM AN,
'Pre's. Cou rielr-Journlal Cto., Loulisville, jy
''ILE 'V4)It LD
FOl 1877.
The New York World ftor 1877 Daily,
celni-W'4eeklv all Weekly, will befoud
to be tlie ctihapest and best newspapt
iblliished in the luInited Statels. It wil
be printed in an i lo ovedl tirml withllne
type upon til.' best paper. and no expens
or labhor will he sl1red to maintain ilia
every departnnl t t hile highest possibi
stanlldard, anI to colllllnud it in allr
ileets to the confidence anri approvald
the best classes ill the eInunIt wity will
o:t 're'l'tlrd to political oplilnions or relic
ions ,litle'erle's.
It will lhy ill thre its rea'is:
"ril NE:ws l" 'It:I lIAY ot'f ll kindsmld
froml all giliirteres, ly iliail and by telk
gr.1'al. earf'llly c'onllt'ensd .land luIncdl
:arrinIige'd, special a ttention 1lueing givelnt
all ("'Coinn eir . Lgral. Financial. Soria
ilnld Pollitical Tratns itions in theCityd
New York iand the 'United States.
F rIr' sl. il's, |Reiling and Illuat
tinl, all ('ongressional anli Legislativl
lierlledligsi ilt \\'aslhiii .ton anld Alblany;
all Meetings.' of imnportlan1,e. Religious,
Literary E'rv d 'laotional. Scientifite anllid Pl.
itical ; all Stiiill Even0its, gay and gran,
and 1'elrsollal Informnation of ilntleei
thei pulllic.
Cell;ll:er'(NelllNls:, expressly !r, pied
filir this jlourntahl I; a permanenttili staf'
acctplllislled residell t wl ite'l' at all ae
tres of illnterel'st throghout the world
Lrl':l.tnY NsEw and ltIEV"i:ws, by whirl
our reader's will tbe kept advised ofe(ve
thing worthy oft aittention in thet' Cal 4
Literat r1, of Eurille 'and Auineri'
Criticisms of ull notable worksldi
notices of all notable evlents in counctiIl
with Musiis, the Drainua, Painlting, Sli o
ture- anIu all other branches of Art.
E litliral Arlticles ilpoll every stlbjecld
prelsenit interest or ilmpllort1lance.
For the principles by whlicll The West
will Iee goverined in its d1ise'sionsfl
treatmenlt of thile pubilie questions, itill
suftice to say that The Worhl, whileea.
Serv'ative iln l plities, desires the consYt
tion onlly of what is good aind wise inar
public institious and no1 limitations aurp
the riglht of il ivalte judgmenltt anid t
aspirlitions of Reform, save those whirl
are illmposei by pruldence decorum,sll
a raltiollnal 'espect for vested rightial
for the honest opinions of all clakeses-l
sects of men. While it hlas bolare
the principles and hails the triumpli
the lh)ulocratic parlty as afording asll
practical lpromlllise of Reforlir in our puii
aidministrations, city, state and natioal,
it will not be blindly devoted tothelt
vancemenlnt of ally llparty or any cdii
It will freely crinvaiss thli public condol*
while it will treat with respect ied'.
vate rights, of Public Men. and it will#
:mninle feflar'lssy into the workingslofl
nationllll, state and municipal goY'a
lients.
It will inculcate a steadfast relisi
upon the original principles of ourA
tieal systemin tilhe only sound basis old
needed iliillpIrveCiient thereinl; anfl lf
elilng devotion ll to the Constitutional
the Union, a scrupulous fidelity too
pirit as well as the letier ofourlIs
and a sleepless vigilance in mnainttatn
all the great saflegurads of Civil
Religious Liberty. It will seek toe
igFlte and not to aggravate the evilsW
I eparalblo from Party Governmentl*
Free Conltry ; to promote good aid.
ill feeling allong our fellow-eitzensofi
' creeds liand colors, all sections and
sects; and to advance both by its PP
cepts anld by its example the reiW
Rlason and of Law over prejudiell
passiol in all our tnllllie action sDl
the discussion of all public affairs."
It will do justice always to the l,
its ability to all men and to all elai
m1en ; it will recognize noeneiniesbu 1tb
etllniens of good morals, public order
the law: it will elldeavor, in aw0ord,t
make i's columnslIii a terror to evild.
ltand a praise to them that do well.
Nor will it lose sight meanwhile of
great antid legitillate ldemaiid ofd
reading pnllic for entertainmelt,
WOILD will keep its readers in-o
of all tlhat is mnllling as well asi
that is Illormentolls in the moveme-,
socety and will spare neither tt
tior expel'ns to Irovide thelm with l
ried ad iat11 l lad accuirate picture df
times illn which we live.
TERM$--POSTAGE PREPJID.
Daily andt Sdllllays, one y'ear. ;l
six ilmlontll,, $5; threee months, $'2..
Da ily without Sundaltlys, one yelr,
six mlths $4.25; three months, 4
h'ss h than three ntnths. $1 a nUmtb.h
ThI!e Simnii-Weekly World (T"ii
and Fridays)--Two I)ollars a year..
SClhb Ageints---An extrl copy forerl"
telln; the. Daily for cllt of twenty'li-'
The Weekly lWorldl (Wednesdlays~',
Dollar a vyearl'. To Chile Agents--'
tra copy for ('11h often; the Senmi-W
ly for cinb of twenty; thile Daily for
of lifty.
Specimnen numler sent on appli'
T'1rnlls---Calsl, invlarialy in advSan;
All omllllunlicatillns should be lad -
ed ti, THE WORLD"
Corner Park Row and Beekmnan
Sew YA