The Viaicator
,J. It. f(. ('OS1OVE, ....Editor.
S _ 304
cit
S.'ITURDAY - - - - July ., 174* t.
tdvert'ising atles. of
--- - -- -i-l- h i
S1111) 111 II : 1H11 I II S ((
. ,its i,, ' v er, first i" " rt1 ion. E.' . ,, :tc Iu, a"
• tenl instt i t 11 "7 ents pt i 7i ) 1t iIre. 0 1
;,I ,+tlnlarr, .. 317 Of 37 0)I : . I( ) 1(1 1 1, '
Rates of subscrit.ion.
t:, ,rns... C ,nI 1on 1 1.. . I..ll oil)I ,5
(. Coar p,... H I it 0+'ii l . . . ., .'I t1 P M I
T i'morroi, Snhlvai at 4 o'oc .
______________ ------- --- --tl
'I'.nuiin t adv-m rtirow, l,)(. S 1.un a ) a lt 'lU:lre' ,f 1i'
ItM ines the rei lari t i o.'rtinn. Eh('h stiu g
intof the Temperance Society. Theat- ar
t actes of lll the members is . r
tI n 1 I ;o p y s i x n m ,n t h1 . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . .tI S ,u )
(P'ayable inl ath'art.(.) of
nOR reslOB OFFICE id a lectie will v i )1
dlivered lariy of 0'Dr,. d E.)l'k illespie, whis h 1';
l ill he replete with inaterest to all
at," pricts
'Terms, CAnIL on ,le ,,Hrt'V n' work.
of the Temperance Socief oldy. Ter. t- l
tendance of all the members is ear- si
ne.,ly requested1, as a lectre will Ibe il
ivered by ---)r. -- h
The favorite steamer Bart Able ar- N
rive(1 on time last T'ueday. 11(r po
lite and attentive otficers have our i
thanks for files of late papers.
----0 4 0**- --
We desire to inform our poor im- tl
poverished people that desire to, sus
tain us, that we will take in payment t1
for subscription any thing in the line
Of country produce. Come on now
with your chickens, eggs, butter and
vegetables, and don't say you are un
able to support your Vindicator.
-- 4M 40.- -.......
The river has departed, and save t
ttfe slight thread like stream, that '
meanders in front of our city, we have S
little to remind us of the noble body P
of water which floated upon its bosom t
sonime months since, our palatial pack- e
ets. a
t.
• - --- - - _l
That dreadful horse disease, the t
C(harhon, has reached the Kasachie t'
portion of our parish, and has proved 11
fatal in several instances. Mr. C. Pres- f
ley lost all his horses and Inules, nin '
in number. Messrs. Ble e
Fuller, have also suffered the loss of r
their stock. This is terrible and un- c
less something is done to arrest the
advance of this disease, our loss will r
bo untold. We publish a remedy for
it and would advise a tiial, by all e
lmeans, of the specifics mentioned. t
Our Mayor's court ha been murden
ed for some time past with attending
to theowarlike attitude of the "soiled
doves," and in truth they have be
come quite belligerant. Fineing seems
to do them little good as they boast
(,f innumerable friends who are ready
and willing to "pay them out," and
we would suggest the propriety of
thirty day's labor on thie streets; their
conduct on the public walks have bo
come simply intolerablo, and some
severe measunres must be taken to
suppress them. Take the wind out
of their sails Mr, DeVargas, to the
tune of 30 days and fifty dollars.
WEATHER AND CROPS.-Since our
last no rain has fallen in our vicinity,
and the corn is suffering some little
in consequence. From conversations
with our farmers from difft'erent paris
of the parish, we learn that the crop
upon an average is in splendid con
dition. Corn upon the old hill lands
where the drouth has been severe
will be short, but taking it all in all
thie yield will not be a bad one, suf
ficient for home consumption at least.
After all, enough corn has not been
planted, and we still contend that to
make fanming protitable, a surplus of
bread-stuff must be raised, and we
' are now satisfied that our farmers see
that even with the increase in acre
age of corn this year, enough has not
been planted. Still its a stop in ad
vance of previous years, and we trust
they will do better in future. No
worms have yet appeared and the
cotton crop is looking and doing
finely.
The "Blunt end" of the radical par
ty seemnAto be getting rambunctious.
He informed one of our citizens last
week, that th6 Radical and Demo
cratic parties would soon be "breast
to breast." Is he not mistaken; for
we had thought the Radical party
lived on "pap" or had been weaned
from the breast long since.
One of our Republican bummers says
that the report of the inmmaculate
School board in relation to the four
teen school houses built, will go as
far as any report. Certainly, it will
stop at nothing.
- - --- ------- I
Rumors of War. 11
Oni all side~ we hear the cry and ou
din of armed forces. This week that
30() stands of arms had been seeni
passing through Cloutierville for this pre
city, to equip the negroes and protect tiol
them in their rights, which are being ed.
scriou.slby menacrced by the just demndl wui
of the whites for their pririleges; andl 11l
has it never occurred to our people
how far severed are the ri'ghts of thie
white illlan and the black man. We
are totally opposite in our opinions
of liberty, of justice, of privileges, the
and when the black man legislates, wlt
he dloes so, actuated by his own ideas,
and for his own benefit. A creature tol
without rel'ason, iand guided by his `o
rprejudices only, the government lie vo
can give 11us, will be only for his in- m
terest and our degredation. These oA
are tra:ths that are self evident, and
the course of the negro Legislators in
our State for the past six years, is
proof as strong as "Holy Writ" to is]
these statements. 18
Let us for a moment look back over an
their conduct in the capacity of pub- of
lic oflicials in our State, and we will wI
at once he struck with the force of the th
- argument ; that it is nttelly implos- Sc.
siile for the negro to legislate for the th
e interest or benefit of any but his own si1
1i race.
i As early as their first public acts; hn
that of the Constitutional Convention in
held in the city of New Orleans, in oil
November l1ii7, their line of conduct at
wI.as marked, and tiey were then th
'i abandoned by men who were at that to
(early day, advocates of all the rights wl
of citizenship to the colored man, k1
I- thinkinking very properly from their wl
s small knowledge and experience with n,
them, that as human beings they were .1)
as other races of mankind, having he
once recovered from the natural feel- ni
ing engendered by bondage from so
birth, they would make as a class, as st
good citizens as the white men. In cc
that great great "Magna Charta," as it "I
t were, to the colored citizen, the Con- fh
.e stitution of 1867, the rights of private Ir
v property were violated and to do e(i
m that which legislation has always fail- in
c. ed to effect, viz, social equality, and a1
a social equality which is abhorrent it
to our traditions, and repugnant to
e the laws of nature. No one can deny di
ie that this violation, for the above pur- a
pose was not deliberate and intended; 'r
for when a proviso was offered that t.
S."nothing contained in that article, t(
should be construed to give greater 1I
f rights to any persons of whatever race n
-or color, than are now possessed by '
I persons of the white race," it was al- b
l1 most unanimously voted dlown. Thus O
r showing conclusively, that the color.- 11
I ed delegates declared emphaticalv a
that they required, and would enforce "
more rights thian was possessed by 11
" white men.
Look at their pubnhlic school system
-their militia and constabulary acts,
their disfranchising clauses in the a
constitution, which was in direct vio
lation of the Bill of Rights contained
in that instrument; and Wve here state
( a
that the conditions upon which the
white race have been offered the ex
ercise of the elective franchise, and
the capacity to hold office, are most
humiliating. What are the require
ments of those who are to be the dis
e 'pcusers of justice? Simply this; 1i
practice of the law for two year is is
all that is 'eqturied for thIe District
, Judges, and for the Plrobato Courts,
Scourts which are required to pass
le 1upon the most difficult questions nn
a der our laws, those relating to Suc
s cessions, the Judge is required to pos
op sess Ino qualifications, except that of
. being a citizen of tihe United States,
de and even the expression, that ihe
re should be learned in the law, was
all stricken out, and it was publicly said
f. that such an article was included in
t, the Constitution that ,egroes might
n hold the place of Parish Judge. It
o is useless to enumerate all their acts,
of as it would reqnire volumes to do so,
e to prove that what is legislation, and
ie good legislation from their stand
re. point, for the black mman-is death or
it degredation to the white.
d- The white people have become con
st vinced that such is the true condi- 1
o tion of affairs. We have begged and
e entreated our colored population to
g "go with us" in the redemption of the
State, have pictured to him the hap
piness that would engender to him
and his, should he assist us to pass
and enforce good and wholesome laws,
to provide for and foster public works
Sof great utility to all, to suppress
or crime and encourage honest toil, and
with what answer have our appeals
been met ? Few, but very few have
even condescended to listen to us,
thie amas of them have regarded ius
is with euspision, and from their con
ito duet have led us to believe that any
r- thing which tends to prosperity, law
as or ordier, will be considered as do
1l pyiving them of somen vested right.
'We have appealed the (C'ongress and
~·· --mm I- --
Pre'sident of the United States for
succor fir'om the ffeicts of your ruin
ous legislation ; we have ,upplicatel act
the `Northeri people to interfere antl tio
protect us fiom your rash and head- an
strong conduct, all these sulpplica- int
!ttions and appeals have been unheed- 1c
ed. We have nothing left but to sub- .l
d wit and he destroyed, or to appeal to ,
that inherant right the God of nature
has implanted in every breast. IDis- ic
e pair has raised the lion in our nature, 1(u
C and that race, the C ancasian, which thi
h has conlquered silce the foundation of sir
' the world, will be the power with i
4, which you will nmeet your destruction. ta
, There is yet time to avert the dan- ip
.0 ger, and we make this the last appeal '
to you, ignorant wayward negros, if
is you will come with us we will give
e von protection, homes and content- tri
SI nent, if you refuse then upon your thi
own head be the blame. bh
t The Ten Mill School Tax. (4
is In this, the 12th Ward of our par- wc
to ish, there was collected oni tile loll of on
1870, $:1341..:0 for school )purposes, An
or and to the inquiry of the Committee w1
º- of thirteen, last week ade, as to 1)i
ll what had been done with 'ihat money ? wi
le they were informed that a white fo
s- school had been kept up with it in ge
ie this city. D)id any one ever hear of ra
;n such a false statement; we might say, gc
(such a bare-faced lie, as that. There cn
.; has been but onec public white school
In in this city since 1868, and that was er
in only taufght for six moniths, and was to
et almost unattended. II. C. Myers is ti,
en the individual who has the affrontry sa
at to say that it "had been used for w
ts white schools" in this ward, and he c
, knew that lie was uttering a fialsehood f
sir when he said it. What, in God's ti,
th name do these persons take us for I tli
re .l)o they think us so credulous as to b;
ag believe anlly statement tley may tr
A- make, unless backed up by good and II
an solvent testimony I This is a pretty c(
as statement to make, which if taken in T
In connectionl with such information ,A, S
it "that owing to the policy adopted by d;
I- the School Board, the money in the It
rte hands of the Collector was not reqlir- u,
do ed," shows how unscrupullous these w
il- men are, both with the public funds li
nid and their statements with regard to \
it it. t(
to If the money was not required why b
ny did you levy, or cause to be levied, tl
ir- a tax of 2 mills for 1873f It was c'
d ; required and should you do your du- o
Int ty, which we know you never intend J
he, to, you would have a pubIlic school a
ter here for the whites. You collect an- a
ce nually from the city 2½ mills, and 1
byno white tax-paler has ever had the
al- benefit of a single cent of it. Our
ha opinion is just this; that the School ,
or. 1oard requires attending to, and its a
a pretty state of affairs if the whites, t
rce who pay 9! per cent of the taxes, can
b not be allowed even the poor privi
lege of a school, while Mr. negro
revels in all academic holnors. Corm
miittee of Seventy, investigate them
the and tmake soeo of the worst resign.
Onward freemen!
J. F. DeVargas, thie new Mayor,
and thle recently elected city Council,
have been installed. Jno. Laplace,
ai was elected city Treasurer and See
ostretary of tlhe'lloard, W. P. Morrow,
C Chief of Police and city Collector, and
re- Charles LeRoy, Policeman. We can
only say that tihe appointment of Mr.
Morrow has not satisfied the people
at all, and we are of the opinion that
t their wishes should have been con
rts sulted in that selection. Of Mr. Mor
rows qualifications we have nothing
to say, but hlie has lately joined that
wing of the Republican party here,
which has controlled the ring and is
responsible for. the plunder of our
tes, people, and that is sufficient for the
citizens to know.
a No main who binds himself by such
oaths as are taken by the members of
Blun'ts Club, we call it; oaths which
Sin themselves are unlawful, and would
submit the partios who take thlem to
c trial before the United States courts,
' as having for their object the defeat
Sof the purity of the ballot, and the
exercise of that right which thie law
accords to all citizens, i. c. of voting
for whom they may see fit; no matter
0o1 what that man's previous history has
been, and no matter what position
and of trust the people have heretofore ac
t tcorded him. No man we any who has
the done this can enjoy the confidence of
ap- the white people of this parish. "As
him the gold is tried in the fire, so the
ass faith of friendship can only be known
ws, in the season of adversity."
>rks -----e
ress We heartily congratulate our friends
and of the Bulletin, upon the release of
eals the forms seized by the midnight or
ave der of that Prince of Satraps, Badger.
us, Such infamous conduct as his in thisin
I us stance entitles him to some sumnmary
:on- vengeance. We hope the hour is not
any far distant when actions without war
law rant of law in our State, even if they
do- are backed by Federal bayonets, will
ght. met with pronmpt and undiciiig re
and istanilcc.
r The Public Schools. Pr
We are at a loss to undersland the
action of our School Board, in rela
tion to their official conduct; except
an occasional remark that all is "go- Ui
ing on well," or something to that
e.tflct, the people are totally in the
dark as regards their movements. sil
We are not aware that the law re.
quirvts a published statemient from col
time to time, of the receipts and dis- c
hursemnents of the Boa:u'd, but we ,l
think that any set of men who de- td
sired their "''work to shine." wouldhl
take delight in laying before an eager lr
i ublic tihe cndition of their labors.,
Such seems -not to be the case with
our immaculate concern ; on the con
trary, they take delight in rendering
r their working as mysterious as possi
ble, and it is only by hard work one fil
can even timd out that such a thing
as a IBoard does exist ; at least such tll
we understand is the case when any
if one wishes to get pay, but from our cit
;, small knowledge of the gentlemen (?)
0 who compose the Board of School
o Iirectors for this Parish, if any one
1 wished to pa~y in funds, they could he
e found at any moment. All these sug
n gestiolis are brought to mind by seve
1n I
ff ral circumstances which linked to
, fgether, we conjecture will "make a
ee case."
,l In the Report of the Superintend- f
is cnt of Public Education of this State, to
is to the last General Assembly, lie par- 1x
is ticularly "Scores'? this District, and
says in substance that, there never
>r was a worse conducted affair, for you
to cannot dignify it by any other name; its
ld from which it seems that that fune- ti
's tionary is kept in the dark as regards I
7 the distrilbution of the funds set aside ,
to by the State, for the use of this l)is
iy trict for school purposes, as we are , !
Id In fact it is the "unwritten law"' ex
ty cept to those who are "up to snuff."
in The Committee who waited upon the
, School Board for this Parish, a few
i) days since, got but little satisfaction. tl
IC It took two interviews to find out c
º.- nothing. But hero let us remark, ,
se was a fit occasion to "palmn a cheeky u
1is lie" which was "plumped," as usual. a
to When the Treasurer was called upon
to know how the funds had been dis
ly bursed., lihe informed the Committee f,
d, that he(, had not drawn any from the a
as collector, which were in his hands, as "
t- owing to the policy adopted by the
yd Board, he had no use for thenm. The I n
ol amount ill the hands of the collector
- and sublject to the order of the School
nd IlBoard Treasurer, is something over
ihe $l:1300. tl
ur W1e can make a shrewd guess as to i
l01 what "policy" the board adopted, t
is antl we would wager its being near I
s, the mark. To our knowledge no
.- school warrant has been paid by that 8
i. Treasurer in full, except to one of
ro "the initiated." and we haveheard t
m- a member of the Board tell parties n
n who held warrants of Teachers, that t
n. there was Io money in the Treasury,
and lhe did not know when there
would be; but he was willing to give
or, 50 cents on tihe dollar for thie warrant, I
iljst ito accommodate the holder.
ee, Now the whole "thing in a nut
e- shell" is simply this. The School
'' Board entire, is a "ring," not one I
dollar is to be used except to promote
an the interest of the persons in that 1
ring, and we have proof positive that i
pl, such is the case, and to this end,
ateachers are examined and passed,
who were totally incompetent, scarce- I
or- ly knowing how to fead or write;
n these are employed and warrants is
Ssued them for services, which we
re, question their having ever renodered ;
Sthese warrants were bought up in the
r main by members of the board, in
the ring, and their full face value paid
to such members. Such has unn
icl doubtedly been the "policy" adopted,
of and we think it a very wise one for
ich the ring, and in strict keeping with
old the conduct and character of the men
twho compose it.
rt, By refference to another column, it
eat will be seen that there has been an
the arrest of judgement in the Grant par
law ish prisoners' case. Judge Bradly has
ing rendered quite a lengthy decision,
tter and Woods dissented, hence the mat
has ter was carried up to the Supreme
ion Court. This practically ends the
ac- whole matter. The gentlemen re
has leased have our heartfelt congratula
of tions, and we can only trust their long
"As incarceration and trial has in no way
tie tended to dispirit them. We know
)wn threm to be made of "stern stuff" and
predict for them a long and happy
ds life.
,of Go to the Vindicator office and sub
er- scribe for the paper. No one should
ger. fail to support the iPeople's paper.
in- See terms.
ar At a Brooklyn wedding, among the
not presents ostentatiously displayed, was
var a one-hundred-dollar0 bill, a present
hey from the doting father to the darling
wil daughter. After the guests had de
i parted, the old man cooly rolled up
r the hill and put it in his vest pocket,
anil that was the end of it.
Proceedings of the Adjourned'
Mass Meeting. cu>
June 27th, 1874. tlce
Meeting called to order, J. W. out
Butler in the Chair. on(
Report of the Committee of Seven- fell
ty was read and adopted, which is in sid
substance as follows.: p
They had succeeded in having the t.he
collection of State and Parish taxes for
postponed until Ist Novenber next. ani
The judgment creditors had postpoen
ed their demlandls al..o until that time, til,
die
I and in the meanwhile, as this was the I,
largest tax, arrtangemletts with the E:ºi
creditors could be el'ected, which Art
would lessen the alounut to be paid 011
them this year. as
Owinig to the Policy adopted by the lcl
Scchool Board, they had no use for the exj
funds now in hands of the Collector, rel
amounting to over $1300, and that of
the Directors intended establishing a wa
white school with those funds in this ti
city, on or about the 1st September di
next. The $40010 pr'eviously collect- thi
ed had been expended in sustaining a fal
white school here. Query: Who WI
taught it and when was it taught.
No report was had of the disburse
nient of the funds received from the go
State or city. I
t The Con mittee to examine the Re- "
cords of the Parish relating to its
financial department, wero enabled t
to furnish but a meager report, as the At
Ibooks were kept in such a condition gr
as to render it impossible to tind out to
anything. Frauds were apparent in
pauper warrants and issues to favor- C;o
ites, but nothing could be done to put th
them aside, as a previous committee tlt
had knownl of them and so reported. A
el, The Reports were received and the re
'- Committee ordered to continue its of
' labors.
,, The following Resolutions were
e unanimously adopted.
Whereas Judgments to a very large
w tlmoulnt are now in existence against fry
i. the Parish, and are now in course of "
collection, the rate of taxation re- tit
quired to pay the same being exceed- co
inglv onerous; and whereas a great N
Smaniy of said judgments could be set pi
. asid,' and annulled by appeal or other- w
wise, Ibut at the cost of great trouble w
and expense, and whereas, in view of te
the fact that the time for appealing se
'efrom or bringing actions of nullity lo
ie against the most odious of these jnudg- w
i ments has elapsed, .legal proceedings ei
against theln woild resllt in over- I
Sturning the least objectionable judg- rt
IC iments, be it therefore p1
r Resolhed, that we pledgeo the faith ol
ol of the tax-payers of this Parish to
pay the juldments now existing pl
against thu Palrish, without attacking li
them by appeal or otherwise, provi- et
to ded the judgment creditors will ex- fe
tend the time for the collection there
ii, of so that the amount paid by tlhe 11
iParish on said judgments, in the ng- ,.
0i gregate on the roll of any one year, w
t shall not exceed two per cent on the d
of valuation of the lrIoperty of the par- II
ish, and provided further that the c
tax-players have the privilege of
C availing themselves of the facility of o
t the arrangement now in operation ofl
paying said Special or Judgment tax a
Sby purchasing orders from judgment it
e holders-and we furthermore pledge S
e ourselves, in case the judgment credl- a
it, itors or any part of them refuse to fi
accede to the above specified terms, f
to resort to every means within our t
t reach, legal or otherwise, to obtain I
ol relief from said judgments and avoid
lo paying them. Adopted.
Resolved that a petition be sent to i
Gov. Kellogg signed by all the memn
It bers of this lMass Meeting, request- a
at ing him to remove J. R. HIornsby, 1
SEd. Mitchell, Sam Black and John t
HIolmes, members of the present Po- c
lice Jury, who are either corrupt or I
o- incompetent, and appoint in their pla- 1
e; ces H. H. Hathorn, W. A. Ponder, R. a
is- E. Iammett and L. B. L'lorens, and E
dtat a committee of five be appointed I
We to present the same to the Governor. c
SWhereas the leaders of the Repub- .1
Io lican party of this parish have de- a
in clared on the streets that they are 1
i not resplonsiblo for the appointment I
of the present Police Jury.
B- e it resolved, that a committee of C
, three be appointed to wait upon them
or and solicit their signatures to a re
th quest to Gov. Kellogg to remove J.
enR. Hornsby, Sam Black, Ed. Mitchell
and John Holmes, and recommend- .
ing the appointment of the gentle- I
,it men named as their successors in the I
an petition this day adopted by the
Cr- itizen's Reform Association. Adopt
ed.
as The following Committees were ap
n, pointed to wait upon the Republican I
at- leaders. <
me S. M. Hyams, W.W. Breazeale.
Mathew Hertzog.
lie To wait upon the Governor with
ro- Petition.
a- M. J, Cunningham, D. Pierson,
Sam Parson, J. C. Trichel,
Charles LeRoy.
ay Col. W. M. Levy and iV. H. Jack,
othen addressed the meeting and
wd their speeches were received with
Sgreat aplplause.
The meeting adjourned subject to
the call of tho President.
b J. W. BUTLER, President.
ld A. V. Carter,
er. J. H. Cosgrove,
R. W. Taylor,
Ed. Phillips,
the Secretaries.
vas --- *
et "Don't you mean to marry again,
ng my dear sir ?" said a buxom widow to
de- her neighbor. "No, my dear widow,"'
up aid the old rusty. "I'd rather lose
t all theribs I'he got, than take an
other.'
\ We tr11 ust a gnllilo s pul Il, wii t(
cuse a little vanity onn ar l,.rt, ft
publishing a fIew comlplenlntary Io
tices of the Press upon the rcceilit ."
our paper. We can but s;y to h1,1
one and all, that they have our hearv
felt thanks, and as this will be con.
silered as the closing of the con.
pliments of the season. Let us u,,,:,
ethe enemy--for one, we are spoilii:
s for the fray. Flee Press of Louisi
ana, what say you I
A N\1w l',hav:.--W' ha ye receiv,.,t
the lust nihuler of ThC T'oph',j'i, -
ldicatlor puilished at Nato;il:ir',!ic,',
e Louisiana, wiitlh .o. I1. Cosgrove is
e Editor and A. A. Pelli and WVin. H.
I Areaux as l'Pulishers. It is a IiI].
I outspoken journal, and is.iust such a.
chalinpion of the rights of the people.,
as the honest citizens of Natehito
e ches Parish have long needed. ThI
0 exposures of the corruption and ras
c(ality of the otlicial thieves there al
' ready made ib us, is the best proof
Lt of how mnuch they mllast have felt the
a want of ,jiust such a plaper als the IiL.
s dicalrl, at home.
We turn them over to you Mr. wFin
Stdi'ator, and are glad to get rid of
them atlnd to know that they haIve
a fallt-n into hands so compietent to deal
o with themi as youirs. Shliw themn up,
such thleives dread nothing so much
as public 'xposure of their thievery.
We extend to you the warmest
Ie grip of our journalistic right haindl
and bid you God speed in the goodi
work.--Caucasian.
Another new paper, called the
People's V\inlicator,, published at
i Natchitoehes, by Messrs. l'elli and
e Areaux, and edited by Jas. 1H. Cos
In grove, has reached us. The Vindica
tor nails its flalg to the mast, with the
exclamation, Hannibal ante portas.'
' We trust that the Vindicator and the
r- (Caucasian. near neighbors, will arouse
it the Rled river people to a sense of
their danger, and put an extinguisher
uponl the would-he leaders of their
section who have hitherto been too
IC ready to save the State at the expeinse
is of principle. And the signs are pro
plitious.-Ouachita Telegraph.
re The Morning Star and the Negro
o We published last week an article
st from this most able Journali upotl thlt
of "White Leaguie." Tlat article was
e- the source of no little tributation and
ii- considerable vexation of spirit to the
at New Orleans Republican , that chain
et pion of the megro's right to murder
r- white mnen and ravish white women,
,le which exults in its own moral and in
of tellectual degradation and accepts
ig social equality con anmoi'e; and it let
ty loose the vials of its negro scented
g- wIath upon the devoted head of Fath
gs er Rvne the author of the "Conquered
r l- lIanillr,' than whoml no one is mort
g- reverenced by all the Soullthern peo
ple, and went into a tiende of abusl,
th of the Mlorniny Sta"r gethrally.
to 'lThe article copied below is the re
vF ply of the Ilorninq Star to the Replub
Dg lican andl we comnlmend it to our read
i- ers tor its ilracticle good sense alnd
x- for thile happiness of its retort:
ne- "l 01our last issue we cnttended
le thait the negro, as a class,lin this Stiat
g- had1 proved lhinlself a public enlllu,
ir, whether knowingly or throughl stut'i
le dity, and that lie shiould he taught
Ir- his lilace-sihould be starved into de
le cency.
of The R'lblican takes issune witllh us
of on thie pI,,int, and snstainis itself with
of what arguments ? First a phillippic
ax against Father Ryan who hIlas not been
nt in this State or any portion of thie
ge South for several luonths; secondly
d- anotlher philippic against "priestly
to ferocity ;" thirdly, another against
na, foreigners, and fourthly, an appeal to
mr the immediate interests of the whites.
tin Well! let us see.
iid As regards Rev. Father Ryan, thisi
is not the filrs't tinle that thile Reltb
to lican has grossly violated the rules
n- ofjaurnalistic etiquette in its person
st- al attacks upon that gbctlemlan. When
by, personally lpresent he lhals always
h11 treated this grossness with the silent
o- contempt which it deserved at his
or lhai:ds. Now, in his absence, we al
hla- lude to it not to defend himt, but to
. 1show how utterly unreliable are state
md Iments found in the columns of that
bed paper. The Republican distinctly
or. charges him with being lit. a '"peri
i- .patetic priest" and 2nd probably not
de- a citizen, in fact |a "foreign priest."
are Wlat will be thought of the reckless
ent policy which will launchll forth such
allegations without good and strong
Sof grounds for belief in them ? In this
em case, there is not a shadow of fact oil
re- which to rest the charges.
J. But what if they were true, and
tll what if Father Ryau had written the
nd- article in question, would that have
tle- anything to do with the merits of tilhe
the case i is it not a sign of weakeess to
the fly from the point in controversy and
pt- take refuge in scurrilous personalities?
As refgards the slang of "priestly
ap- ferocity," it is based upon the same
can disregardoffacts as above. Nobody
ever ploposed to starve the negro "to
d. dtath" bitt only to the point of com
mon sense. The ferocity w hiclh
ith prompts people to protect themselves
from utter ruin, by witholding their
patronaage from enemies who are in
hel, evitably ruining them, is one which
must commend itself to the common
ick, est intelligence. It is only an extra
aid ordinary piety and forbearance, like
vitl that of thle Repblicali, which wonld
continue to ruin itself, in order to
t to foster its enemies, just Ias that dis
interested journal does in thile matter
t. of public printing.
As regards thile persistent crusade
of the Jeyn)plicnl aga inst "foreigners"
its disdainfiil allusion to "Hlibernian"
logic, its contelmptuous allusion to our
Creole Atakapas pi o p ui l at i on as
s. "F'rench people of St. Lanldry." we
Sleave it to the kinrd consideration of
iv to deccnlded firom the Ri',pblican's fore
'," fathers, and consequently not "Ame
lose ricans" hinits sense, andl we farther
an- loninleild it to thle ymlllathy of iii
Irish llepnlihic'li ('hnb.