heuW ~iu4pator -idctr
Ebc ca l4' idirnMot.
. ralitDio atg pj.t (
unj 41 uný, , :. K
14444 :144,14 44 544L34) J.H.11 COSCROVE
NUAIIW' i Editor &r Piolilit 1441
3 qiiare't. 1 "' INI "! p r ý4 444:3; 1x) - - ---044 _-- -- ý - - -
45 4444 1'11 - T H E P E P 111- SubsIri l --io n I- -i-- - -.
4;)~,,l 54'N 44J~404 JfJELFAREt~ OF1H iSOLE 1 TIlEI SUPREME LAW. Ol l~~or er......
--l~rL- - -_______ . One copy six Illolltli44.. ........ ....I. 4nI
Aqliary ' ,; m fin4444; 71 11 I'm N) 1,25 110 O fficial O rgan of the W hite C itizens of ed iv er, Sabine, W in n and Natchitoches Parishes. j5 Ni' 4 I ,2111 i+atio ii 4 n' l4 I l
,5nee Braqierr"'4* .44 4': 441 125ll"II'1""· VuL. I4544 NATCHITOC)CIIE'IS, LA., AP~ltll1 27, 1878. - K S ar
- ---- ______ _ --- --- - - --- ---. Iiur-Ii 1. l igo·uo1 C1,114- -'Ted A I lie has di4M O C.eoI d f iii the dia~ live I CH4RVII NOTEs.
gUS INESS DIREC TORY.
KA ir-Famiii Groceti Ct, iorner 2d and
A) St, Derlii Streets. S "---- 7~,
ati.AYET:-ini titt Black-muti( Work,
A. Church Street -
T New Stand-lttir G1ardens, St.
A. F'ine ine, Liquors aintigaiS. St.Dl)tli".
AL ItIitaralt. St llenis Street. II.
, Squ n
Ný-otaryt Public, St. Denis
street. - - -
nEVEt:LC r'c:KeiCK i:Genral Coll etin'.
1A l :L1E E ianIvas', D lenii HtseSt.
, uBRto)(tK4-- iii l'i'sitols htt1. made andl tIl t
W t.paired. St. tt- ' it, i t.
B I I ARD & C A 'ii P tt.fL.-MerChtndivtdland
RPjptAtioOSnliti i,.t Frfont street. - I(
IIA UnyN N Cil.\ILIN"--At- 1:1o
(l sat Lw. Wt titngttn street and Or
)LA \-('l(} Groteries and .1pri
(1'.aiM erchaul ze. Froint street.
SFI'TRICH-Dry Goods. Grn.
C jsPARi n eneral \fM elhandize. Stlt
AatBL r..
n 1LC ttI' dHROiUhiH. Attorney in
I e tlert with W. II. .ack. Second St (ltts
: I.E R I.-1' ºFamilý lraceriet.under 1
jMasonic Lodrgeldz S ·rit 1it
C ~BPS It p DF
yOXr h) tries
Fp\ T~rU-Pl(nters' Ilotel-Fatoritet torit
.. farInrs atnt fert rstl' 5es ?ott. tDeni.t Irt
t RI1 EN t5 antiud Shoen made and repair- (
R0 \. KAR.i V it lRetordei ailc Nt
tarn Public, Court l1iMn , 211 +trwet. (lit
SgIIY Ul. F IiS-harter Oak Stoves and
Ti.'fnware, (tfrontt Stiettt.T
KAFFEE tDry Goals and Groreriesi, Jr.t "
H" treet. -A - .r (--l
LITI'llfT \S'tLI\-l ral assortment
K" Dry Goods and IOracrriet. Front street .
i fR3fA l'F i. " l1y Goods and G~ruceries'
Front street.
pg .. l ey r St. Denis street
I1N-t)i'v .aSti a.t orace rties, Wth p
f* "Ington Str,"et. (otn
j NFLKINt-D)y oods anti Groceries, Jeer Red
Sasrn, lt Stre ets.
StCe, )I-1)ry" G d' andl tiroeiesbl
I the Dirt brid",e..ette-son Stre t.
NW 511' TL-rv (iends and Grocerie s
". Innw the Dirt bri, lt. efersont Street.
TA.r V 1. (O--')r Goods andt roceries, ci
IT ashintun r t ofut.
TAS. (Rg .Tt-DeC loois antd Jroceriey or
g1 ahrettertouall Amulet Streets. (
W. SURD CLMT-The Ph anic-Chnlte U.a j
is qnnrs and CL ars.,St. Denis- Street v
JAB, Al. 1TIT(KER-Attorney at Law St.Ci
Denin Stre**t. tof
AS. KING ...Watchmaker and Jeweler, St..
Deniso street.
j DUNCKLEtfANu..Harneia and Saddlery, Cr
. Washington street. trt
C.TRICHEL--General Merchandire.Wash.
ia t n s r et D C A S S E - aG e ine ra l A s tr etm e n t o f Me r "
**banlise Wasintonro stet.~~
JT11. STIPHENS -Ltuiiiir Yard. intere'ctioi
J. Front,Lafayeitt anid Washinton streets
J. JM'OO & BRO.-Gneil Whotesale
* sod Retail Dealer and sole Ameat for WVag Re
,Me, Washington street. til
T A. DlU(OTcRNAIU-Fanc and Staple Dry -
. * Goodns, BtImt, Shoes. lats and Cl oth ing.,
front street
JAMES T. SPROWL - }louse, sign. and or
namenttl punter, Front St., corner Tiuline.
LC t!I I~~.- L'Ir I:', n itIT't it Mi It choice
L. Pionsq. L I 'r- anl I~Iitrar~. Feiint street. I
( EVY T P r.L.-Pi-ull stock Fancy and
Staple Dry ands and Gr(rceriesFrollt at. re
L DUPLEIX" .Landl Agent, St. Deas street.
L
SII. CARVER-Dr Goodis. Groceries and
*L. General Merchanldize, Front street.
0 CHAFFRTI H-Boot anti Shoe Maker,
SCAP. De RINs tnelai Stretetntn
0. (boil 01 ult kini is effterson .tu"i-t.
POWELL & GA(i 't D)NPhlysicanltit alnt Sirt
I goons St. IDettittn u reet.
P VETULEM AN - Uindeikertkr, Washlngto lt
pltl 'in(. I.tlaer, .id cilesoti s~tniti tit. n
I· wor ao~lndar aIekn~tiit Col rne ~r 3d nd·K
Sibley Sin
VETUM -Funt anti Pl'ntatiottt
*1. (rociurleie ashlton street.
S..1 V ---Detiteteronshe
fl . liitrlKE-Cheip Faminly anti Wetiterit
*W Grocery IDealer, I. rontste.
P. HlUnre SN-Liry Sia e anti Feedl Stable,
'cuts rutreet
0 NKLKINS.- Itry tbolds anti (roceritis, Jtii
L). eruon Street. below Dirt bridge.
WINI1ARG-GIeitneL r Hiti erchndiIae. PlIn
*I ~ tat in Fa iuppliest Front S tie
(T P0ONi4*-Dry Cotids anti GrCclroVer hs, W h
i\ LEAOSTFEDrngglst anti Apothe atyFront
THALLER-Bnck' Brilliant Stoves and
*V Thnware, Street
F T. TAUZ[BLM-Billard Room anti Bar. Front
SC fA .LN-Wholesalti utn Retail Met
T* eheaut-eneratl assortmnent rot the trade
W J JACK...Attorney at Law, Iii street,
* corner Trudn.s
T.DOST-Boot anti Shoe Maker, St. Dents
me Str.
Physicians. .
D8 POWELL A OALLION,
ATBEASSOCIATED THEMSELVES IN
THE PRACTICE OF MEDICIRE
AND SURGERY.
OFFICE ON
*Bt. Det Sset, : : Natchitoches, La.
Jan '78.-m
3. A. Du3,1 nn
Phyuician and Surgeon
Reagemaery, La.
Notary.
A. E. Lames,
NOTARY PUBLIC
Oic. under Viudicator Office,)
SST. DENIS STREET,
NATOHITOCHES, LA.
V.~4d~
Professional Cards.
.JL J. C Ul'AV.'1.G lid £7*1,
.ITTORNEI AT A TLA'.
St. I)Dellis Street, Natchitoch:s, La.
7 ILL practice in thercurtts at Natchitoches,
;Sabine, ir. eSto and Itle River ait In the
Supreme Cor it o tthe State. Is ti
- - -- Iti
have
'W =. $. Jaol., lung
ritR'
(Sueccessor to JA(K & PIEaSON) aht
Attorney i and Counselor (it Laite relo
fere
NA'TCHIITOCIES, LA. plef
achl
Vll, lplracticein the CortsofNatchitoches, chil
t" " Sabine, 1)r 3nto. ReYd River, Winou, Rapides,
a and (rant. and in thit Supreme Court of the
- State. (:limns prompIItly attended to.
April ed 1577.
t.Wm M.evy,
:ITlTORNEr A.T LA.1 ai
t ( hIlts ResIumed the Practice of his Profession.)
,i ILL pr actice it the Parish and IDistrit
W Courts of Natchitoches itId Red River
lnpreme Court of Louisiana. fuited States his- &e
t tr ict andt Ciruit Court of Lonisiama and U. S. Ny
oiurt of C(hims at Washington. and
irl O)lice in tihe' Lacostle Building (-h) cn
Stairs.) A.
(o- NAT( ITi'rOCHEvs, LA.
May "i, Isbee
this
udt It i
J II. CUNNINHIIAM..
nut "
f-t `ttoruneyj & Qountellor at 'la,
St. Denis Street, cre
Natchitolles, : : : Ia. B0
- ILL give priompt and personal at
'V tentioni to all lusinetss entrutisted to
- Iis eare
Ih Prnactices in the District and Parish
_ I Corts in the Parishes of Natlchitoches,
tier Red River, I),Snto and Sohine, and btefore 4
- tithe Sutpreniw Court at Monroe and New
Orleans. Jan 5 7 -ly.
low
I -~---
0e11.J ' 1 1. 1LOfERTSO.F, ie
(Late of New Orleans,)
SATTORNIEY & COUNSELOR AT LAW
cºr (:OLSHA'1'TA, to
RE) RIVER IPARISH, LOFISIANA. T
LI - -
Will practice in Coushlatta, Natchito
cst.t ches, Manhtield, Many, and in every part o
of North-west Louisiana. Special atten
1 tion given to Land cases and Successions.
June 9th, 1577-tf.
let y' CIIA.CXrs. C. F. DISINtaLT. T. I.iCHAPLIN
ash C HAPLIN, DRANGUET & CHAPLIN,
er Attorneys at Lair,
Jler.
NATCIIITOCHES, LA.
tio llt
'eels PRACTICE in the D)istrict Courts of
ale Natchitoches, Sabline, DeSoto andt
Wag el R River and in the Supremit Court of
thre State March --ly
hing. DJ.y ' ,1, C. SCARBOHROUGI
ii or- ATTORNEY IN FACT.
in. ILL practice in the District and
P larish Courts of Natchitoches,
treet. VWini. Saline and Grant.
San All business intrusted to his care will
t at. receive prompt attention.
SOtice with W. 1H. Jack Esq., Second
Street Street, Corner T'lrutdeaux, Natchitoches,
La. Dec. b-Iy.
P 4 and
Business Cards.
C. A. HULLARD N. 1I.CAMPBELL
Bullad & CamnpbeIholl
-IWALKRS IN
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
HARDWARE,
And General Merchandise.
Corner FRONT & LAVAYErrR Street,
Natchitoclhes, La.
fIGHEST ensh price paid for cotton and -
l country produce in cash or Oerchandllise.
March 25 -ly.
Poeter TVeuleman,
-DEALER IN
FAMIL Y GROCERIES
1 full assortment of WA,,-PArPER COnl
stantly onl hand.
Sn" ..al inducements to CASH Customers.
WASHINGTON STREET,
r Natchitoches, La.
March 25-ly.
3. 0. Triohel,
-DEALER IN
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD
- WARE, BOOTS awd SHOES, HATS,
t' ETC.
- Highest cash price paid for Cotton and
SCountry Produce.
. WASHINGTON, ST.,
NATCHITOCHES, IA.
IR. El. ITRLEE,
-dealer in
N OaOCERIES
FuoNT STREET, Natchitoches, La.
a C. L. WALUMBLY* R. U, WALMSLET
C. L. WALMSLEY & CO,
cO1TTON FACTO:IS
S-AND
GNERBAL COMNISSION ERCHIANTS.
S Perdldo St., New Orleans, La.
March 3.5-Iy.
- -
OscaCr O~hopl~o
COTTON6 FACTOR
De, COMMISSION MERCHANT,
No. 65 CARONDELET ST.,
Jaly 1-ly Naw Qrleans.
Miscellaneous.
The
f- T'wns nt
Is the most g'eIIatI I,:ls,..in eve u*t it 1 hear
sufferers from p nlinonary diiwa..:'s. j` sunt
It is comnpose of ulrbal prol noet., nvi Two hi104
have i pellie ut on the trot iii hli
lungs; detachet's frtlc:u the air ctlls all ir
ritating natter;l (E ec it to b era t.- I extli t
rated, n\;aist. ff
rte and atonce chm f km the in eainrH tiOr ic tiri
which produces the B IT gliM . A srioge tin)s:
relieves the mont distressIng piroxsuly·. 'I'ltt Veil'
soothes nervousthme'a ntd eniaty ules the set- And left
ferer to enjaoy qtiet rest at ulight. 1BaleS.9 a
pleasant cordial, it tones the weak stom
ach, and is specially recommsuended fur love
children. Sin' I he(
nTutt's Exp ectorant.s I'm ttmy . r
Itwifhan t other bsayeiin nth a abou it t~nnik
-Had Asthma Thirty Yearsch'o llon
B NLTIMORZ, February 3, 145" '1' Chaelite
"II have had Asthma thirty years, anl· Ii ver found
a muedicne that had su l. a hasnpev of Cth. e 'a'A t
W. F. TOGAN, Charle Sot, Or title
SA Child's Idea of rit. at
NEW ORLEANS all milertok i`-6. Tutt lilac
IxTUtt'Fl pCtornt t is au familiar namne in ry house. Anla't it
. llywife thinks it the best medicine in the wicr , \ lil Ilki
and the childrren yv it is'nicear thin mnolav"
Il candy."' NOAH WOODWARD, 101 N. Poydra» St. AOttl o"a
"(Six, and all Croupy", Ilk joDi'
"am the mother of six childrTn ; allof them hFve 'T aI
been croupy. Without Tult's Expectorant, 1 dot' 'Clo frOt
-think thcy conll have s'svived sonic of the attack And tte
It is a mother's bl e'ing." i y[ i tl
MARY STEVENS, rankfort, KT;. -il t
A Doctor'-Advce. Aoot
. Inmypractice,Iadis a cli i tok*u WVlthere
Expectorant, in sudden emergettncis, tor icou Anlld a' I
croup, diphtheria, etc."
T. P. ELLIS, M.D., Newarkt, N. J.
* Bold4 y all druggist. Pricen $1.00. O e. go
it- 35 Murray Street, Ncw York. rn
"tto. I)ante
trab
rrr(
P I
IG H IMrelo
.nW n duol.
not dr
SIreltIll
"THE TREE IS Kpfl BY ITS FRUIT:' the Ju
S Tutt'sPills arc worth their w ightin l''' t jalt
T REV. I. R. bc'MPSON, Louisvillo, my Gent
uW "Tutt' Pills erre a sp, lessin3 of the nit:- . iiu'
teenthceitury."-REV. F. t. OSGOOD, New York. I1e sa
"I have used Tutt'ls : or torpor of the liver. Illllnrd
A. They are superior to any medicic fcr bI ary diel thi t t1
orders ever made." tat
I. P. CARR, Atioryja Law, Augusta, Gs. disehi
tor "I have used Tutt's' avf e years in my family; but at
art They areunequaled forcomtivcfess ait I i' lin'tus
·li- F, R. WILSON Georgetown, Texas. a fail
ins. "$ have used Tutt's Tidictne with great lIe, f t."' the co
W. W. MANN. Editor Mobile Register. If I
S"Wne sell rfty boxes l uttf Pills to five cf ail Sir Jo
others."-SAYRE & CO. Csrtersviilo, Ga.
'It iTutt's Pills have Doty to be tricnt to (sta.: lif
.r· ceiru
their merits. They wvnlilike mat':... ce liI
IN. W. N. BARON.s96 Summer St., Boston. tihe
"* There is no mtedicine so well ai'".tcd 1t t::c cure sever;
of bilious disorders :is Tuft's Pill·."
JOS. BRUMMEL, Richmond, Virginia. a \I1'.
AND A T 5iAD MORE. seenl
Hold by druggists. 25 c5enr a lne.r Csie. grout
Sof 35 r rea , SteN w Yor. tingfti
s llil tende
Sof elte!
Y. TUTTS HAIR DYE = Srr
III, shrots
14ýqDOR.Z fired
HIGH TESTIMONY. then
anti FROM THE PACIFIC JOUR V iL. 0r tip
"hee, 'A GREAaT I T , Naill
has been lasde ty lit.1'. 'rS'rk
which restores vyothful eti lti hair. insta
That traet ei T iumh f a
vill That eminent ieheist ha, r °rtterits ball
producing a Nainr Dfcu rhl o'i
nature to perfection. li'i Ii tuly lows
nowe rejoice. T"h
COl PriC $1.00. OfLfice 3.; orrnelS, dr , he
ies,)l New Yoik. Boldbyulldl.tlist i. tie I
oni
Ju
ly 1.
- - - een
Disease. i
RD _. m flint
said
WOE
RE, P S S
'vet
dese
toific invetigatin, a r rn o
La. l e o n tlh e
nStied -omach S( a w or
Aie, IMystery oilved. reed:
T c P 'eta eAt Medical TPiLup L of tag
tondern Times! The 1ol ysiotot siza
, La*J Chvanrel ofDitease Dicori'eren, tir
a t Co f andot r (eetirie Cure Prodpi- tflt
orr ti Evild. The StEnnrce, o
Li0h er, arnd Bowela do
on
La. thre Cenctre of g
Disease. oill
fre
PASW P111IATIruacve PILLS, liht
The Great Attti.Billioet B Remedy and o,
Bliaematic Dissolver. Oi
IA A.D- --- in
HATYS, PORSON'S at
PURGABTIVEPIiLLS t
ton and Are the result of lougi-contint ed Scziet- 01
tiot Cilvestigation, and are Garranted to
cure all diseases origintiog ill the
Stomach, Liver, and Bowels N'ogrip- Pr
.ig pains follow the use of these Pills, flu
-unless the BowNels are iunflmed; but Re- hir
lief, Immediabe Relief, may be relied el
, upon. As c aCom mon Family Pilysic
PARSON'S
S PURGiA TIV E P I LLSi
Stand unequanled beofre the world to-day.
i, La. By varying the dose according to direc
tiolls, Parsons' Purgative Pills effectually C
w Purify the Blood and greatly alleviate,
!ALMssLy if Ilot entirely cure Dyspepsia, Scrofula
or Kllg's. Evil, Rose. Erysipelas or St. I
'--pAnthony's Fire, EruptiollS, and Eruptive
Diseases of the Skin, Salt Rhenm.~Tet
ter, Ringworm, Sores, Boils, Trtnors,
Morbid Swelings, Ulcerations, Pinlples
and Blo~cehes.
HINTST. .
IA. EVERY. BOX WARRANTEDI
Most Complete Satisfaction Guaranteed
or N'o Pay.
Full directions around each box.
In.ll Pyswicians supplied by mail, post-paid,
for *2 50 per thotlsandl, in bulk ,cashin
LI ad1vance. We will send these Pills to
any yeliable druggist or merchant to sell
on conifliS~ol" A5gents wanted every
HI ANT, where. JH S N &C .
111601 11111R Il, ProprietuS.
~as ans. 3unt3'ly.
, ~ hock ingi
' In order
lihe 'waiI p
a[For thie Vindicator.] Felton I
The Old, bie Young Again. fiungeris a
challeng
ny W. C. .1. Iloraci
talking a
'"wns at the gloamini yesttr 'e n, go, Ctlh
qv heart was hrakeni 'inist in t 1 a, ago, Cht
I'wo snsie jads-o' Fairi mien, Inc hang
Each gied a kiss,-then rinn'd awa. see 11o1
i maist forgat, that time had sown, Chetwyl
4ic tirrows on my wrinklit brow, t hey pre
l'That years had come, and years ha'dl gone, 3'wynd to
And left few charms in beauty low. led him
For lIve's saft smiles, 1've ceased to spier, thire 1
Sin' I hae retched litfes sunset gloom, s"'word.
The fount o' youth is na found here, poneme
It tfows ;i'ont the eauild caid tomb, now?"
I'n gart to sigh, wh'en bonnie smiles, th,,s the
'Tell tha:t the hleart is lithe and gay, and sha
To Lnow there le sae nlonie ill+, through
'To chase those leesome smiles away. passing
'T'he glow o' youth's a freathlie trust, suits.
Or title to a langth o' years,
'Th'le smiles of nMirth, and pleasures must Ti
(iie' placei to sorrows and to tears.
Pleasiires are fanste, ais fver'd drealm, A dis
lAnd lke the swaft wing'd Imomenmts fly, Czar In
Andi on life's miirky, terbid stream, ritory
Ilk joy's a prelude to a sigh. via wil
'ri saad when life's bricht spring is o'er, size th
The frosts of age, there's inae thing thaws, that Se
And the sweet Inve rose buds nae more, A dig
Anmid the chilly, wintry snaws Bismal
lint age mann look ayout the tomb, the si
Ayout this sphere of thought and pain, Consta
Where lovely yonth again shall bloom, armles
And a' the alld, be young again. nary t
Acci
SOME NOTABLE DUELS. Acc
cfic i
I)aniel O'Connell's Only Shot--Ho- cific in
race Walpole's Swordsmanship. certail
[l'hiladelphia Times.] directi
Ireland is the home of the modern been
duel. It flourishes hero to an extent under
not dreamed of elsewhere. It was inI Jiminc
Ireland, and as late as 1412, too, that conime.
the Judge said from the bench, in a seem
trial for murder in a duel, to his jury: in the
"Gentleomen, it is nmy business to lay The
Ciown the law to you, and I will. The have 1
law says krilling a man in a duel is terchi
murder, and I am bound to tell you while
that it is murder; therefore, in the adher
discharge of my duty, I tell you so; en wa
but at the same time I say to you that Nei
a fairer duel than this I never saw in calcul
the course of my life." The f
If Ireland is the home of the duel, and
Sir Jonah Borrington may be called semi
the father of the code. His utterrn- dicati
ces upon this subject are law all over have
the world. Borriugton himself had TIy
several duels. He was once called by viewi
a Mr. Daly to the field without having stant
seen him. When lie reached the swer,
ground Mr. Daly announced that Bor- prune
ringtou was not the man he had in- Th
tended to challenge. Borrington in- ousl
Ssisted, however, upon proceeding as compr
I by rule 7 of the code: "No apology in tl
can be received without exchanging The
shots after the parties have met." He respi
fired and wounded Mr. Daly, and fittii
then accepted his apology. At anoth- maki
or time he went out to tight one Mc- num1
Nally. His ball struck McNally, who Balti
instantly cried: "I am hit." But the iness
ball had struck the buckle of his gal- at a
lows, and had not entered his body. It
Thereupon Borrington said: "You are Alex
the first rogue McNally, that I ever the I
saw sared by the gallows." Borring. ring
- ton survived all his duels. proj
John Phipot Ctrran was exceeding- ever
ly happy on the field, and usually corn
went Into his "aflfairs" laughing. He has
once fought a Mr. St. Leger. He 're- of tI
ceived his antagonist's fire witlhout Duk
flinching, but did not return it. "There Ami
was no necessity for me.to do so," he mar
said. "1 was perfectly certain that he upo
would die of fright at the report of his T
own pistol." On another occasion he witl
went out to meet John Egan, who is amr
described as 1a great bully, and of tirst
enormous size. Egan complained of of t
-the great disparity in their size, and adn
said: "I could as easily hit a razor C
wedge as hih, wile he can take me as to l
easily a turf stack." Crran, with of I
an air.of charuiing candor, advanced, stri
and said: "I wish to take no advan- of
of tage that may be offered me in your ide
g size, therefore, I am willing for a sec- An
tion of your body just the size of mine Ro
to be chalked on you, and every ball sel
that I lodge in you outside of tie chalk cor
lines shall count for nothing." its
O'Connell, the Liberator, fought one Sti
duel and killed his man. In a speech deJ
once lie spoke of Dublin as a "beg- I
garly corporation," He was almost the
iinmcdiately served with a challenge pri
from D'Esterre, a member froni Dub- be
lin. O'Connell tried in several ways of
to avoid the Iueetiing. The meeting, to
ut however, was insisted upon. When oe
on the field O'Connell made a speech, ad
in which ie said the duel bad been ge
arranged by the political opposition of
to rake him off. "They have reckged
without their host," he said, "fo r m
one of the best marksmen in Ireland.
dd to I shall kill my opponent." His words
the proved true. D'Esterre fell at the first S.
'ills, fire, mortally wounded. O'Connell
Re- had one other meeting (with Sir Rob
elied ert Peel), which, however did not
come to shots. He always declinede
thereafter to accept a challenge. "Ha- E
ring blood upon my hands," he said, Ii
LL SI have registered a vow in heaven 51
-day.. never to meet another man in mortal q
Lirc- combat." 1
nally The duel between the Duke of '
ofula Buckinghuam and the Earl of Shrews- t
orrst. bury is one of the most remarkable in e
ttive all the annals. The Duke was con
*Tet- victed in adultery with Lady Shrews- t
m nors, bury, and was by her husband called 1
mples to the field. At the word, the seconds
as well as the principals became en
gaged. Shrewebury and one of his ,
'ED, seconds were killed. All the comba
tants were wounded. It is said that
Lady Shrewsbury saw the duel from
a thicket near by, where, disguised as
box. a page, sbe held a fleet horse for her
p-aid, paramour's flight, in case ie 'should
ash in deem it necessary to fly; that she was
llst to carried by Bockingham to his boase
on the night of the duel, and with her
every own hands took off the clothes en
crimsoned with her slain husband's
** blood.
si. A well accredited story is told of
Felton, ts fanatsic who asaassimaed
I nc ingiha n. Helton chaillengeti a lhe has d
1o ai't, who del)4i) n11 to) meet him.- years. I
In order to clonvice his aniitagonist that hie paid (i
he was possessed of the proper spirit, many p)e
FeIlton hacked oft a piece of one of his public kt
fingers and inclosed it with a second out of tl
challenge. greatest
Horace Walpole, in Parlianient, saw-pol
talking with Chetwynd, said: "A year lie was r
ago, Chetwynd, you would have had death, aw
me hanged." I would still be glad to Yesterds
see you get your deserts," replied is a emor
Chetwynd. From this bit of repartee seemed I
they progressed until at length Chet- they wol
wynd took Walpole by the arm and and use
led him iout inlto the lobby. Once He felt
ithere he ordered! hint to draw his "Mr.
sword. VWalpole suggested a post present
ponement' t. '"No ! no ! here ! now! the city
now '" uriged Clhetwynd. And with and Rit
th;,s they full to. After some quick are in E
and sharp fighting Walpole ran him and two
through, only the interference of a hisdau
passing otfficial ipreventing fatal re- is the of
suIts. younger
1 4 year,
THE EASTERN QUEJSTIuN. al estab
They h;
A dispatch from Vienna says the he went
SCzar has promisced to extend the ter
ritory of Servia still further if Ser
via will inmmediately agree to recog
nize the treaty of San Stefano, and
s, that Servia has consented so to do. At t
e, A dispatch front Berlin says : Prince held '
Bisrmarck is endeavoring to obtain didate
the simnultaneous withdrawal fronm manife
" Constantinople of both the nRussian unusue
armies and the British fleet, prelimi- the cot
nary to peace negotions. real oh
According to Berlin advices Ger- what fl
many will only really attempt a pa- sion bi
cific intervention when all is prepared of a at
on both sides so as to insure almost Enery,
certain success. The first step in the in our
direction of mediation seems to have ence n
rn been obtained of some authority to Demo(
nt undertake the task and all thess pre- tied ot
in Jiminary dilfficulties seem to be over- ed nea
at conie. Those in position to know interei
a seem to have much more confidence to a j
y: in the meeting of the congress. not pi
ay The Englishl and Russian Cabinets found
he have had on amicable semi-official in. showil
is terchange of views; both, however, con re
on while expressing peaceful intentions electei
he adhere to the positions which threat 1876 v
so; en war. issues
iat News from St. Petersburg is not ing fo
in calculated to increase confidence. This
The fact that the Cabinets of London ment
el, and St. Petersburg have resorted to than I
led semi-official intercourse seems to in- the sr
in- dicate that official expresasion would third:
ier have only intensified their difference. and i
tad The result of the interchange of Dems
by views is not hopeful. Russia is sub- ried
ing stantially repeating her former an- An
the swer, and England reaffirming the abroa
or- principle originally laid down. . the re
in- Tihe Englishl newspapers still ser tiona
in- ousl y discuss the danger to British Nothi
as commerce from privateers fitted up the g
agy in tlhe ports of the United Sta'es. this
ing The Globe says: Our Cronstadt cur- Cony
He respondent writes that the scheme of tratel
ind fitting out privateers in America is come
tli- making rapid progress. A large Wed
dc- number of seamen belonging to the legis
vho Baltic fleet are utnder orders and read- becal
the iness to proceed to the United States 1868
;al- at a moment's notice. demi
dy. It is runmted that the Grand Dnke tion
are Alexis will be appointed admiral of tione
ver the privateer squadron, and that du- to m
iug- ring his recent visit to New York, tle unle
project was thoroughly canvassed, in cal
ing- event of war with England. The degr
ally correspondent further states that he tenc
He has con.identially seen au oficial list of tl
re- of the officers designated by Grand
liout Duke Constantine to proceed to
here America, to purchase, equip and comr
he manad the steamers that are to prey
zt he upon the commerce of Great Britaio. W
if his The enterprise will be carried out bhen
a he with great caution. It is asserted hats
o is among the Russian officials that the G
1 of tirst intimation England will receive on c
d of of the proceedings of the Russian We
and admiralty will open their eyes. [Gr
razor Ofbeers have already left Cronstradt u
ae as to organize in American ports crews you
with of fliished sailors, summoned under the
ed, stress of conscription from the decks any
Ivan- of English vessels lying there. The
your idea of forming a powerful fleet in die
sec- America is very popular thioughout
mine Russia, because It is thought that a
Sball severe blow can be given to English ba'
cbalk commerce at its very centre, namely, 'I
its carrying trade from the United tin
f.onen States. The scheine causes intense an
pech delight among all the Baltic seamen. phi
"beg- It is asserted in other quarters, al- er.
Imost though the rumor has not yet got into i
Ilenge print, that the owners of large nom- cem
Dub- bers of steamers in several countries R
ways of Europe are making arrangements Pr
eting, to send all vessels not required for WE
When service to New York, Boston, or Phil
peech, adelphia, to be sold to the Russian am
been government should an opportunity ni
sition offer. his
ed - ---------- -
m Tweed's Last lomenta.
eland. [New York Times.) tim
words At a late hour last night Mr. Foster tY
iefirS. Dewey said to a Times reporter th
onnell that the words published as the, last ki
rRob words spoken by Mr. Tweed were by W
ii not no means correct. There were pres at
clined eat at Tweed's bedside when ihe died
"Ha- Dr. Carnochan, Mr. Tweed's son-io- em
a said, law Frederick Douglass, Mr. Edel- w
ea aven stein, law partner of William M. w
mortal Tweed, Jr., and Mr. Dewey, "Mr. ,
Tweed's last words," said Mr. Dewey, s
h ue of "as nearly as I can recalI them, were a
ierews- these: I have tried to right some p
able in great wrongs; I Rave been forbearing
is con with those who have ever done wrong f
ahrrews- to me, and I want all those who have c,
calledl been harmed by me to forgive me."- I
seconds HIe said nothing about 'guardian anfl%
.me en- gels.' Nobody who ever knew himn
of his would ever suppose be could talk that
omba- way. What I have told he said, was
dd that said by him in answer to my question
el from whether ihe didn't want to say some
aised as thing for I knew he was going. He
ffr her died as calmly and resignedly as John
shoould Wesley did.
she was "<Mr. Tweed made no will-lie had
a house nothing to leave in a will to anybody.
with her He did not even have any personal
hee en- property worth making a will for.
ubband's People say ihe has not accouoted for
all his property I He has acconted
told of for all the property he had left but
nleahAd people do not know how mmcli money
hie has disposedl of in the last tive I
years. If he had to account for what
lie paid out, there would be a good The FrielC
many people feel badly to have the in New Yo
public know what they have dragged R ev. Geo
out of the old man. lie was the PhaLi Holoti
Louis. c
greatest wreck that the world ever The Gen
saw-politically, socially, morally.- an Clare
lie was extremely sensitive about his the 16th.
death, as to what pIeople would say. Rev. .
Yesterday lie remarked to me: 'This Paul's Eli
is a moral lesson to the world.' Hie Conn.
seemed to think that after lie was gone Rev. E.
they would preach sermons about hli iis called tc
and use him as an awful example.- - Md.
He felt very sensitive about that. Rev. W.
"Mr. Tweed's family is scattered at tor of the
present-not one of his four sons is in delphia.
the city. William M. Tweed, Jr., The Enj
and Richard Tweed, his oldest sons, ded to bet
are in Europe, lie has two daughters Bukovina,
and two sons in-law in New Orleans; Rev. G.
his daughter Josephine, Mrs.'oi"glas, is called
is the only one in the city. His two Newburg,
youngest sons-boys of about 12 and Rev. S.
14 years-are at a private education- rectorship
al establishment in New England.- ning, N.1
They have not seen their father since Rev. G.
he went to the penitentiary in 1873." died last
ninetysia
A Campaign Prelude. Rev. Di
- logical I
Ouachita Telegraph. Europe f4
At the Democratic mass meeting Rev. 1B
e held Wednesday to nominate a can. Mich, ha
n didate for Mayor, great interest was terian Cl
1 manifested hud the attendance was The Fi
n unusually large for such occasions tamed of
i- the courthouse being crowded. The RvA
real object of the meeting was some-. Rev.
Swhat flurried and a lengthy discus- ignation
Ssion brought on by the introduction Presbyte
I of a set of resolutions by S. D. Mc- Two C
st Enery, Esq., a copy of which we give have be
ie in our report. The point of difftter
e ence was, as to whether or not the aItdis c
o Democratic party had faithfully car- vival, ui
e vied out its pledges. The debate last- cost.
r- ed nearly three hours and was both Rev.
'w interesting and instructive- at least of Greet
ce to a journalist. Our report, though Spruce
not pretending to be full, will be phia.
its found of interest to the reader, as Mrs.
n showing what may be said pro and ler, has
r, con relative to the merits of the men Catholic
ns elected to office by the Democrats in at Balti
it 1876 and what are likely to be the Subs(
issues between Democrats in arrang- secure I
lot ing for the next State Convention. the Pre
ee. The vote on Mr. Cobb's amend- ting to
On ment was small, probably not more A bilt
to than twenty-tive voting, judging from glish P
n' the sound, but the result was a two- bishop
id thirds nmajority against the nmotion Pool, '
e. and in favor of declaring that the A gel
of Democratic party had faithfuly car. sious is
ried out pledges. thin 1860
in- An effort has already been made
the abroad to create the impression that tiRev.
the result was a defeat for a Constitu- ist Ch
r tional Convention in this parish.- ont ph
h Nothing could be more absurd. If Chucl
up the great body of thle Democrats of
fes ret The
s. this parish favor anything, it is a kind
or- Convention, and this will be demono- for pre
trated just as certain as the canvase tiple si
1 comes. The argument made in openec
rge Wednesday's meeting excusing the Subs
he legislature for not reducing taxation, amour
d- because forsoothl the Constitution of Auley
rtes 1868 forbid it, is in itself suficient to An eOF
demand resolute and determined ac- 000 ye
oke tion in favor of a chlange of constitu The
lof tions. It is idle to talk of reform, or med C
du- to make any more pledges of reform, sed itt
tlhe unless that odious, infamous, diaboli- nancat
tin cal symbol ot Lonisian's ruin and debts,
dh usts,
t he degradion is stamped out of exis
e tence. And this will be the verdict An
list of the people, depend upon it! old-fa
-and __ _ __ _ _ __ _yar
to WIT AND HUIOL in for
prey We - the pi
gan.eoh We learn from the Graphic that meeti
out bos comue into the world by the
rted hatchway.
the George Francis Train is now living
teive on one piece of dried apple a day.
asian We are interested in ltis swell-fare.- If
[Graphic. Semn
tradt Did you ever notice how surprised it is
news you were wheni you put your foot on ble
uder the next stair and founid there wasn't tUre
ecks any there trace
,Th Feltgray is a popular color for la and
bout diespring stits. Felt blue is the tacti
hat popular color for the haasbands who the
glish have to pay the bills. nint
aely, Thomas Jump was arrested in Bal- to o
nited timore the other evening for robbing pata
tense a man of a railroad ticket to Mem- cati
imen. phis. Mr. Jumup must be a moral leap- ate
-a, al- er. ne
tinto Sign at a tavern iear thte Freneh fral
nom- cenietery of Rouen : "The Mourner's cast
ntries Return. Choice wines and liquors. per
ments Private rooms for guests who wish to esp
id for weep inlprivate." guI
Phil- A Lawvrence paper says that a young edb
Lssian man recently "eliot himself with a ofI
tunity rival." The young fellow doubtless ed
had reason to believe that the rival res
woold't go off.-l Worcester Press. toU
This conundrum is now in circula
tion: "What is the difference be- Cif
Foster tween a potato and a lemon 1" When tIe
porter the questioned party says lie don't
e. last know, the others says: "Then I don t va
ere by want -ou to buy any lemons for me; pri
pres and then comnes "the ha! ha! ha " an
te died A lady who objects to profanity hb- as
,onin- cause it is both wicked and vulgar, to
Edel- writes to know what she ought to say de
im M. when a clothes line breaks said lets a tel
"Mr. week's washing fall into the mud.
)ewey, sIhe ought to say a "Blessed are the a
, were meek for tlhey shall inherit the earth ;5 te
it some probably site will not think of it.
searing An old, rough clergyman once took Cu
awrong for his test that passage of the Psaln, to
to bare "I said in my. haste all men are liars." So
me."- Looking, apparently, as if ihe saw the Il
an an' Psalmist standing before him,lhe said: t
aw him "You said it in your haste, David. If ri
lk that you had been here. you might have .h
aid, was said it after mature deliberation." a
huestion A poor woman who either had to a
mg. stay at home from church or take her d
asJohn baby chose the latter conrse. The t
preacher was a revivalist, and roared t
-he had so lod tlat lie waked the baby up
bod and scared it till it roared, too. Its
personal mother arose to take it oat of the
II for.- meeting. "Don't go, my good wo
anted for man," said the minister." "be baby
ecoDnted doesn't disturb me." "It's not for
left obt that I go, sir, replied the woman.
e. money "It's yeo disturb the baby."
0 CHURCH NOTES.
t -
d The Friends are tilhe only dentominatini
e in New York who have no clii e1tr ,:c .
t Rev. George Muller, of the U1nistiti Or.
phan House, is now preachinig at St.
r Louis. "
The General Assenimbly of the 1'resh\ It
rinan Clihurch is to moet at l'ittu!rg 31a\
is the 16th.
Rev. J . .Jacocks resigns cliarre of S1t.
Is Paul's Episcopal Church. Woosttir,
e Conn.
te Rev. E. M. Barker, late of StI:Ian, . N..1..
In is called to the Baptist Church. WIaverly.
- -Md.
Rev. W. H. Lewis has been ch I i rec
I tor of the Church of the Nati' it s. 'itila
in delphia.
r., Tihe English Presbyterians hIave tih c
IN, ded to begin a mission4 to thu JIes iII
rs Bukovina, Austria.
5 ; Rev. G. M. Stone, 1). 1)., of 'Torr yt own.
is, is called to the First Iaptis.t Clurch,.
ye Newburg, N. Y.
od Rev. S. R. Fuller has been calnled to the
'n- rectorsilip of tile Episcoi l Chliiirch, (or
- ning, N. Y.
ice Rev. G. Harmon, a Met iidi't prcachir.
. died last week at Camillus, N. Y., aged
ninety-six years.
Rev. Dr. Wolf, of the Lotheran Theo
logical Seminary, Gettysnburg, goes to
Europe for his health.
Ing Rev. Benjamlin Parsons, of Aes. A ofi.
RI). Mich , has accepted a call to t hi l'restu -
vas terian Church, LeRoy, N. Y.
vas The Free Church of Scotlandl his olh
,n tained one.halfof a proposed ftoo ato
Ch $5000,000 for church extension.
ne. Rev. A S. Dudley has tenldered his res
z ignation as pastor of the Lane Seliiniar\
n Presbyterian Church, Cincinnati.
c- Two Chinamen, members of the 11Mti
iv odist Episcopal Clhurch in San Fra'l'nisco,
hve have been licensed as local pllecherls.
the It is claimed that tlhere -were a t hon
the %and conversions during the I hart tori-1 re
ear- vival, under Messrs. Moody and Pett'
ast- cost.
sotl Rev. J. W. T. Boothe, D. 1), foirmerly
east of Greenpomlt, Brooklyn, is called it the
agh Spruce Street Baptist Church, Philadcil
be phia.
, as Mrs. Tyler, widow of ex-president 'I'
and ler, has been received ilnto the lounain
men Catholic Church by Archhisihop Gibboiis,
ts in at Baltimore.
the Subscriptions have been tiade which
aug. secure the payment in fu11ll of t lihe debit iof
Sthe Presbyterian Church, Nyack, lnunlll
end- ting to $13,5000.
more A bill has been introdluced into tihe En
from guslih Parliament for founding foullr new
two- bishoprics, with sees at Soutlhwell, Liver
Dtion pool, Wakefield and Newcastle.
the A general conference on tolreign lis
car. sions is proposed to be held in London inl
the autumn. A similar conference hel-ld
nade in 1860 was productive of goodl results.
that Rev. W. 8. Hltllin, pastlor of the i:a1p
titutist Church, Goshen, Ind.; 1has joined th'
All.- Methodist Epiecepal Church. The previ
oue pastor went over to thle Episcopal
i. If Church.
its of
is a The Congregational Ministerial Ihtlrea:
u a kind of intel igence otlice, inl Boston.
mon- for preachere and churchers, was somno
nvase tipe since discontinued, but is now re
in opened.
g the Subscriptions have beell paid to tile
Ition, amount of $2,000 for the debt on the Mc
on of Auley Water Street Mission, New Yorllk.
tnt to An effort is to be made to pay ofl tlhe $1;,
d ac- 000 yet remaining.
stitu The Board of Plublication of the REctor
im, or med Church, in New York, which prop-I
iform, sed its own dissolution on accoulllt ofli
aboli- nancial diffitculties, has paid niearly all its
I and debts, and enters again actively iotA
is- business.
0118*
erdict An attempt is to be made to have tno
old-fashioned "Anniversary Week" fii
year in New York. As the old Broad way
Tabornacle was the great gatlhlenilng lihilti
in former days, it is pnroph'1s to Iliaki
the present Tabernacle tile celltre Cii tIhl
c that meetings.
by thle -
Giving It to Haies.
living [New York Times.]
a day.
fare.- If people hesitate now between a
Senatorial caucus.aand tile 1Praesilen t
it is because tIle Senators wllo gruin
totion ble most are tlhemselves openl to c(n
wanot sure. Principle has a little or noth -
ing to do with their qlariel, which is
traceable to unworthy consideratiolls
for la and has been marked by degrading
is the tactics. Divest their complaints of
is who the saam which incases thelm, tintd
nine out of every ten will be founld
in Bal- to originate in some squahble abIEout
robbing patronage. The fact is iot a justili
Mem. cation of the President. His obstin
al leap- ate refusal to take counsel with prom
inent men in Congress, his want of
Freneli frankness and sincerity on tuany oc
omrner's easions, his disregard of all but petty
liquors. personal considerations-all hlelj to
wish to explain the rapid widening of thle
gulf that separates him from acknowl
a yeong edged Republican leaders. Too many
with a of the latter, however, have descend
uobtless ed to his level, and must share the
le rival responsibility for the present unifor
teess, toun t state of affairs. 'Tltey wero
circula- willing to bartain, and are angry be
incr be- capse the President did not accedc to
Inc Wen their terms. They were as riealy as
lien le to shelve Civil Service reform;
nhe don't the rules they have applied to reino
ordomn t valsand appointmeanets have been as
har I" provoking as his ldogged blundeting;
and their general attitude has been
inity bd' as degrading to themselveas ahuirtfai
vulgar, to their party. Urgent btnsiiiess is
bt to saB delayed to make rootm for paltihy mat
ad lets a tars. Important questiona aa-e stis
iee mud. peiided in order that they may make
are the a little local capital. The "cour
e earth;" tesy of the Senate" is inada' a
if it. pretext for jobbing snd hnrgainitg in
noce took Committees, and for eacrificing equity
r es Psnlm, to trumpary ideas of expediency. One
are liars." Senator becomes a jobber in fiando
s saw the lent Diail contracts; anotlher indaices
,h ie said: the Railio.ad Committee to outrage
iavid. If right with the vain hope att securiing
g ght have .his re.election; others Itecoeni the
tion." agents and allies of raiilrotad moi)iilh
rr had to olies in their fight for plunder. Tle
r take her demagogism ot some is mntchled by'
irrs. The the rowardice of others, and otwiis
nd roared tions are settltead with only a remote
tby oup reference to their merits. 'Ike sPIeCtn
tto. Its cle is not an ennobling one, nor is it
sat of the calculated to win confidlclct' for Sell
ioodw- atorial assaIlants of an Admuinistrai
l'bebby tion which is saved fromii contempt.
'a not for onhy by their recreancy to priuciltie,
Swooman. and their forgetfulness of time great
na interesti intrusted to their keeping.