War of Races! !
THE NEGRO TEE AGGRESSOR !
Kangaroos On the Rampage I
th,.ME, CI.A1BOR.E PARISII, TIlE sCENEI'
OF THE FIRST DIE.MVlONTRAT'I(ON.
From the mail rider from Minden
and Homer we learn some of the par
ticulars of what came neuar resulting
in a pitched battle.
It seems that upon Saturday, 11th
inst., while the negroes from the ad
joining country were in the townl of
Honmer in erowds, as is usual upon
that day, being the time that they are
relieved by contract from work, and
do their trading and whiskey drink
ing, a negro man had a personal dif
$icnlty with a white man, a barber;
The negro called the white man a d-d
lying s- of--- &c., and drew his
revolver to shoot, it is supposed, the
white mosa instantly drew his and
killed the negro. Whereupon, the
negroes in the town immediately re
paired in as body, numbering over two
hundred, to the vicinity of where the
shooting occured and demanded that
the white man should be delivered to
tIhem that they might take vengance
for having killed one of their colori.
The white citizens immediately met
and required the negroes 'to leave the
town in fifteen minutes, 'truich they
,lid precipitately.
Trouble was still anticipated and
the citizens were fully prepared to
neet the immergeucy. What does
M r,(?) Kellogg say now !
.I'DGE XIvYEst IN TIlE ROLE OF CON
.!IcA'ioN.-Sonle three years since,
Van D)usen took possession of a va
i'ant house belonging to Mrs. I'erot
on Three League Bayou, for use as a
ro.lored school house, without so much
as saying "by your leave," to the"
owner. Last fall, MIrs. Perot inform
ed the gentleman that she had use fot
the house, and lie must vacate, which
he promised her lto would do. But
uponl his coining to town and relating,
Me suppose, the facts of the case to
.1 udge Myers, who by the way, is also
'rTreasurer of our immaculate school
heard ; that individual wrote a letter
to the lady in question, and informed
her that he had authority from the
State to buy or lease any property
which might be required for school
lpurposes and should she see fit not to
dispose of her property on those terms
lie would take it any rway. One by
u,ne, the acts, brazen and damnable
of these individuals comes to light
and each sncceeding one seem a msore
gross violation of rights and liberty
than the other. The letter alluded to
can be produced if required, and we
..onsider, if our people desire to re
lain some little semblanee of liberty,
they had better see into this and oth
.er matters the "upright judge" has
been engaged in.
.  4D41m--- -.-.
The citizens of our parish interested,
will bear in mind that upon Monday,
immediately after the meeting of the
lieform Association, a meeting is
called to organize the White Lengue.
A full attendance is desired, as we
must give this movement all our at
tention. Come one, come all, ye
white men who desire4the government
Sin the hands of your race.
Cry it to the World.
From the X. O. Picayaune.
We cannot comprehend or sympa
thize with the objections and remion
strances which have greeted the ap
pearance, on a simple and navarnish
4d pltaform, of the White Man's par
ty., We echo none of the complaints
against its frankness, we share none
of the fears which some have sought
to found upon its rigor and its unre
served enunciation of purpose and of
prineiple; It is plain to our mind
and should be equally plain to every
hody elee's-that the White Man's
party as now developed is the party
we have been seeking, lo! these many,
weary yearser. It is the Phanix of the
Diemocracy save only the ashes of the
ldd embarrassments, the dead issues,
the trauitss traditions and the fatal
impracticebllities whlich have always
clogged and defeated it in the past.
It ieses tobma fresh from our sorrows
and miisfotrhnes, theim creature of ex
istng fagts, the awful corollary of
thlttpr6cess which has well nigh
wrought oar ruain, The excesses, the
oppression., the reckless and brutal
wrsmanagement of the Radical era
have given it birth; and the fierce
heat in which it erystalised has shriv
eled stud coasamed all save the eter
nal germ of self-preservation.
If the ascheme of this party con
templates the neglect of all other oh
-jects; if it ignores cvery isesue which
does not bear rudely and directly
upon the question of our present res
cue; if it lorgets old services, post
pones old debts and shuts out ancient
obligations.-does it eexceed the grim
necessities of the erisist If it says
openly that we reust end the negroes'
rule, does it say in words more than
other parties have been saying in ef
uuct? If it declares the solemn and
unalterable purpose of casting out
the tools as well no the, workmen who
have reared this ghastlh fabric of mis
government and apohation, dloes it
proclaim one aim that every L.oisi
nanian's bosom does not cherish--one
aspiration that the whole people of
the realh will approve? Our evil
plight has become at bitter and crying
shanie throughout the land. All men
see and deplore the effect, and if we,
knowing the cause, elect to strike
fairly and gallantly at its -root, who
shall say us nay t
- What would these faint-hearted
triinmers have ? They talk of North
ern sympathy! Do they think it pos
sible to drag that mockin, phantom
frotaits grave and hold it up to men
who struggle with a living foe ? Com
merei, and the thingsof 18t6! Where
has our commerce strayed before this
dead Im hdrricane, and what fruits
shallI Louisiana live to gather from
the tilds of 187( unless the blight of
1874 ie checked ?
It pecms to uis that men must be
strangely blind to urge such things at
such a time. There is no need to
screen one single fraction of our pir
pose. Our cause is just, its aims are
open to the "gaze of men, and that
Northern sympathym whereqf we hear
so much is far more likely to attend
us thus than in any weakness or un
manly subterfuge. We seek to wrest
no privilege from ile.n~egro,; we have
not i1, the utmost flights of our de
sign the theft of any of hi.4, liberties.
It is simply a question whether we
shall permit him to perfect the deso
Intio4 he has instituted; whether the
owners of this State, the patrons of
its enterprises, the motive powers of
its progress, shall give ili up to li
cense and obliteration. This is the
severe and simple platform of the
White Man's party here. The world
is ftre to know it all, and those who
tell us that the world will blame it,
however slightly, are eitlher selfish
traitoý:s with our failure at their
hearts, or timid weaklings whom we
must pot know in this dark hour of
strife.
[Conununin(ited.
The Railroad Question.
dr.. Editor :-Your railro;al figures
of last week are, of course, 'eorrect as
an arithmaetical calculation. unt as Mr.
Gradgriud failed to d(evelop the bet
ter qalities of human nature b1 re
ducing humtan action to a stiict arith
retical standard, so, it seems to me,
you hlave narrowed down your cal
celathin to a limit which does not do
full justice to the raiJroad question.
If it "cannot be dlcmionstrated that
there cis likely to be some reciprocal
benefit to be received by the people
for the proposed donation, then we
had better reject it at once, whether
it is $3140,000 or $800,0(00.
Let us admit that your figures are
correct, and that the town and parish
must eventually pay $628,001) in b ynds
and interest. Of this sum the own
must pay 8276,000, and the parish
$552,0101)-within twenty years.
No man can doubt that the town
will be compensated for its donation
long before twe expiration of th term,
by
lst,,The special and temporary in
crease of business in every depart
ment,'from the building of the road
through the parish, from money spent,
here by the employes of the road, de
rived from grading, cross-ties, trestle
work, culverts. the construction of
depots and other works, &c.
dr, The permanent increase of bus
iness, attracted from new souirces by
tlte facilities offered for trade and
travel by our (at present) inland town.
' 3d, Tle rise of value in town pro
perty, especially in rents.
4th, The influxof new people and
new wealth, to help us hbear oar Ire
sentt local burdens, as well as to shalre
with us the playment of the proposed
donation.
5thl, It is a matter of life or death
to the town. If the road shouild miss
it even by half a dozen miles, its fate
would be forever sealed.
The donation by the parish stands
upon a different ground; but by as
snming a very reasonable basis of
probable development, it can be
shown that the $552,000 will not be a
very grievous burden to the present
plopulation-if, indeed, it cannot be
demonstrated, that, apart from the
general benefits to be derived from
the road, it will be no burden at all.
In support of the argument, it is
necessary to view the questiort from
a single stand-point only-that is,
the accession of new wbalth by new
owners, within the average of ttetuty
years. First, then, Sec. 19 of the
Act incorporating the La. Central
Railway, provides for the taxation of
the road according to total value of
stock compared with its " 1in eal
length" through any parish. The cost
of construction within this parish will
be very nearly a million of doll'ars,
and it is fair to assume that the assess
ment will be for half that amount.
Thus, the road itself will bear one
third of our local taxes from the very
beginning. Next, it,is certainly rea
sonable to presume that other new
wealth will amount to half a million
more-if not, we should reject tihe
donation without hesitation, and go
on in our old slip-shod way, a century
behind the civilization of the world,
buried in our little Acadia of rural
felicity, "the world forgetting, by the'
world forgot." If this second as
sumption be admitted, then we should
have a new accession of wealth of
$1,000,000--equal to the present va
luation of property within the parish.
This new wealth would relieve the
parish of the half the tax in behalf of
the donation, or $276,000-leaving
the same amount to be paid by the
present population of the parish. This
new accession of wealth would, per
coatro, pay one half the parish taxes,
or $300,000, within the same time,
without materially augmenting the
parish expenses-leaving a small bal
Sance in favor of the people, to be ad
ded to the general benefit to be de
rived from the road. And, as Mr.
Gradgrind'sfigures could not encom
Spass the whole scope of human action,
and control the emotions and passions
Sof the hutuan heart, so our rsateacan
not compute all the advantages whiclt
may be derived frolm a railroad
through the parish and town. A wider
range of thought than is laid down in
our aritiumctics must be given to the
subject, and it must be viewed froim
all sides in the effulgent blaze of the
material civilization of the nineteenth
century.
ACard.
WISxx PARtsir, LA., July 21, 1874.
Editor !'indicator :
hi justice to myself and friends, I
deem it but just that I should set my
self right before the publice I was
somewhat surprised to tear that I
was looked upon as not being all
right on the political question now at
issue. Now, sir, I will detiue mly po
sition exactly, and if you thiink it
covers the Republiean platfornm, then
I am a IRlepuJblican. I want to see
the State government in the hands of
white 11en (to the manner born), I
want to see the parishes and especial
ly the parish of Natchlitolhes,°rid her
self of the clan ofolfficial vultures that
for mercenary purposes are dragging
her down to degradation mad ruin
and sir, to accomplish that end, should
it beconime necessary, I only ask that
those who have been so busy in cir
culating the report that I was not 0.
K., to be as ready and as willing to
take an active part as I am.
Respectfully yours,
J. W. CALLLM.
O White men attend
the meeting of the White
League on Monday
Forthcoming State Elections.
Tivtn. State Time. State.
Aug 3 1Kenhw:wky Aug. 6 N. Carmlilna
Nov. : Ohio...... Sept. I Verniout
Stpt. 2 C'alifitnia. Sept. 1. Matine
Oct. 13 Ne.br:ska. O( t,. 14 (onllrgit.
Oct. 22 W. Virginia Nov `2 Lolisiana.
Nov :i Alahana Nov. 3 Arkansasf
Nov 3:1 llelawarc Nov. :1 Florila.
N.y :t Illinois o. Klans~
Nov 3 )aryland Nov. :I3 1asachlrets
Nov 3 3Michigan Nov. :3 Mlunesota
Nonv 3 Mie;dasippi Nov. 3 Missouri
Nor 3 Xevadal Nov. 3 Newl ersey
Nov :; New York Nov,. 3 I'enn:isylvaila
Nov :3 Kllhopo hatult No'-. 3 S. Carolina.
Nov 3 Tl'ennesslee Nov. : Texal
Nov 3 Virginia Nov. :1 Wiscos.in.
Committee of Seventy.
M1. J. CUNNING 11AM, Chairuian.
M. 11. Carver, W. A. Ponder,
I). PIerson, . Charleville,
Henury Levy, Joseph 3Martin,
J. C. Trichel, T. Chaler,
I. A. I)neollrnau, W. W. Breazeale,
Anl;. Slllapayrac, Sidney Harrison,
W. O. lBre~ieale, . Kahn,
.1. Genius, C. II. Levy,
J. D. Addison, J. W. Suddatlh,
Juo. Genoe, M. lHertzog,
P. A. Simmons, W. H. Jack,
S. 0. Scruggs, T. Schnmau.
J. E. Keegan, Wnm. 1. Levy,
A. Prudhlmmelli, Felix Bouis,
I. A. Terrett, .los. lenry,
R. E. Hammullett, E. V. Dohiux,
Ed. Phillips, L. A. 1)eblieux,
A. V. Carter, W. B. Butler,
J. B. Flemmlinig, Wi,. Payne,
Willis Holmes, E. Mason,
.1. II. Cosgrove, Jalcol Kile.
.J1io. Illudworth, W. S. Campbell,
C. A. Ilullard, Mortimer Perot,
\'. (iaunlie, H1. A. Wearer,
X. II. Caepnlbell, R. W. Taylo r,
J. 31. B. Tucker, Dr. Cassidy,
W. E. Russell, Ham'l. Parson,
Cihas. LelRoy, sGeo. Diulcan,
J. J. Rains, A. Leeomte,
J. F. 1)eVargas, C. L. Waluisley,
'r. J. Jennings, T. Haller,
RI. McKenna, Alex. Gaiza,
M. Tanzin, Valery Murphy,
IR. L. Faulkner, S, M. I.Hyals,
I. M. Kearuey.
- White men attend
the meeting of the White
League on Monday.
Political.
Rooms 1):EMOCntATtC STATE
CXYNTRAIL COMMITTEE,
'ew Orleans, July 6th, 1874.
At a meeting of thtt Democratic State
Central Connuttee, front the several par
ishes to meet in New Orleans on the 6th
inst., the following resolnt;-'i's were ad
opted :
Resolved, That the several parishes
throughout the State, and the several
wards in the city of New Orleans, he re
quested to elect delegates to a Democrat
ic State Convention to assemble in New
Orleans, on the fourth Monday in August
next, to select a State Treasurer, and
menbers of Congress for the several Con
gressional Districts
Resolved, That the Democratic parish
organizations in the parishes, and the
Parish Committee in the city of New Or
leans, are requested to cause these dele
gates to be elected by parishes in the
countrvyand by wards in the city.
Resolved, That the basis of represen
tation shall be the same as for the last
Democratic convention. Every parish
shall be oneitled to at least one represen
tative. This rule applies to new par
ishes.
Accordingly the several parishes shall
be et titled to representation as follows:
Ascension........3 Morehouse ........3
Assumption......5 Natchitoches......5
Avoyelles........4 Onachita..........4
Baton Rouge East 5 Plaquemines......1
Baton Rouge west I Pointe Coupee....3
Bienville.........5 Rapides .......5
Bossier..........5 Red River........
Caddo...........10 Richland.........1
Caleasiou......... 3 Sabine ...........3
Caldwell......... 2 St. Bernard.......1
Cameron.........1 St. Helens........4
St. Charles.......1 Carroll...........3
Catabonla........3 St. Juo. Baptiste 2
Claiborne .......10 St. James........3
Concordia........1' St. Landry......16
DeSoto...........4 St. Martin........,
Feliciana, East...5 St. Mary.........6
Feliciana, West.. .2 St. T'ammany.....2
Franklin .........4 Tensas........1
Grant.............1 Terrebonne ...... 4
Iberia ......... 1 Tangipiaboa,.....1
Iberville.......... 2 Union........... 5
'Jackson ..........5 Vermillion .......3
Jefferson.......... 7 Vernon .........1
Lafayette........5 Washington......'2
Lafourche........ 6 Webster .........1
Livingston.......' Winu........2
Madison.......
PARIS. iinf t cli.EA.S.
'irst Ward........7 Ninth Ward.....
Seerotld Ward ......9 'l't.nlh Ward .....9
Third Ward . ... I:tc venth Ward..ti
Fourth \V'ard...... . Twelth Wtard'..3
Fifth Ward... i. : Thi tecuth ward ;:
M/ixth Warda...... t FIou'teenthward 2
Seventh WarL'd .......G F ifttenth Ward 3
Eight Ward...
I:st .EI: Sxt:r:E, Presid.ent.
AIatI:'RT P'en'It.rur.s, V ict-Prersident.
W'Vr. J. rI'I)poi:.Noirl, Secretary.
tAddress of Ith ,late Central Conunittee
qf the D)enmocrt ic Pa rty oof Louisia ra.
R1 ooMs I )iMn ('I.VI'trI S( ATE CENTRAL. ?
C nI:,err.:., July 7, lt%4. i
To' the Peoile of Liouisi:an :
The Democratic State Uelntral Commit
tee, in coiuvouking a Stat Convention of
the Democracy at New Orleans, flir the
fourth Montday of August, A. D. 1874' up
pi'als with ceonliIdence to ;ll couservlU tive
voters withtilt tyefrcre 14o past ploli ical
al&liaticn;s, to uirite in the election'ofde
legates to this $Convention.
This eomrnitite ii not ihmindfiil fhat
some may be rieluctant to join the ranks
of a party, which, in past, contests, thtey
have opposed. But this party is thel oll
ly lntionall oranliizationl no1w ctonfrtnut
iog Radiealisrm anid bat tlinhug liir constilu
tional principles. Prfinl(-ies, in violation
.of which tl'sP Iurllrationuas been foisted
oti Loniswars, tn4d o,:1, people subjecteid
to poliitical ardl ludicial iltriwcutirun.
lRecent disselrjions aniofirg our people,
antd a. deep and abiding desire, to unite
all the lemuentt opposed to l]ndicalism.
admonish us iot to risk ev4'rvthing upmon
our' owns isolate@ and unai!ed l tolbrts; :il
Ihough, in this emnergencv, duity lIrnmplts
Ius to exert otrselves :is it we were de
lru,'mbtit tpl o ltr misole repouirres.
JIspnes are for.ed ulpori i us, which we
cannol t !atld sit not lerilre to evatlde. Btt
we will meet them with suYch determina
tron and energy that we cannot faiil to
achieve success.
Ve do not .'ontemplat1o interftering
with the constit utioual and legal rights of
the colorn,.I people, but, Oin the otler
haind the Demnocracy are dIternmiued to
uphold and maintain the rights of the
white mran. The fact starea us in the
fale that the negro element has beRn
gradually, but etiectuilly ahsorbing the
(;overninent of Louisiana--the logical re
sult of its combined partisan action, as a
race ; that under the shallow pretense of
legislating against class or race distinc
tiorrs, the colored Radica'ls have invaria
,bly I,eu e:mtalihishng u('h distinctions in
disparagemrent of the whites : and that
the tendeincy of Louisiana Radicahlsm.
now thoroughly controlled by them, is to
establish negro supremacy in Louisiana.
The incubus (it excessive taxation must
be removed. N, taxes should he levied
or appropriatioruri made, except to carry
on the fun!ctions of governmlllent horesly
and economiic:lily administered • until the
tax-payers of Louisianha shall have had
an opportunity I o inquire jnto the nature
and validity of thie obligations which
have been issuci inl the nrarne of (overn
mennt.
Th'lerefore, forgetfiul of past diffrenccs,
and casting from our breasts'?all heart
hrilunings, let there be a cordial union of
all the conservatives of Louisiana.
T he l. remocratic party has no enmities
to gratify, and holds out the hInd of fel
lowship to all those who are disposed to
aid its in this carvass. The vital issue is
redemption fromr ar corrupt State Gov
ernmrent anld loal misrule.
EMILI. LA SEHE. President.
A LBERT V)ORIES, Vice Preaident
 at..T. R ousn s : . :;W M, .- ;erotari .
D' NIEL IPATT's
IMPROVED COTTON GIN.
PRICE REI)UCED
To S4 Per' Saw..
C. L. WVALISLE', Agent,
July 254f. .L ATCHITOCHES, LA.
TEASUI TUAS I
Established 1840.
THE ORIGINAl,
Americ mn Tea Co.,
No. 43 Vesey Street,
P. O. Box, 1287. NEW YORK.
R]OBERT WELLS, President.
Price Lim of Tena.
OOLONG.-Black. 40, 5'., 6, bc, st70 eta. per lb.
MIXED.-Green and Black, 40, 50, 60, beat 7o
cts. per It.
JAPAl.--Uncolored, 60, 70, 0, 903, best $1.00
per b
IM'PERA L.f-Green, 60, 70, 80, 90, best $1.50
per lb.
YOURN HYSON.-Green, 5 0, 60 , 90.
81.0o, host $1.u5 per lb.
G rNPOWDER.-Green, $1.10. best $1.30 per lb
ENGTLISH BREAKFAST.-Black, 60, 70, 80,
00, best $1.00 per lb.
.. B.-We haw* a speciality of Garden Growth
YOUNG.HYSON and IMP'ERIAL, at $1.20, and
OOLONG, Extra Choice, $1.00.
Our Teos are put up in One Pound Packages,
with the kind and price printed on each.
AGESNT W\ANTr to get up clubs to soll our
Teas to Families, Hotels, Boarding Houses and
others. In writing fior terms or sending orders,
be particular to address the President of the
Company, thus,
ROBERT WELLS
No. 43 Vesey St, New cork.
We are compelled to request this, as other
parties have imitated our firm name.
WEILY Saturday Packet.
Fpr Grand Ecore, Montgomery, Alexandria
Pinevilla, Norman's, Ilarbin's;
Fort DeRussy,
And All Way Lanrdings,
The A I Magnificent and fast
rnniung side-wheel passenger
packet
BART ABLE!
Dic MKsxso'r. Master.
G. C. BAuIL.TOx,
T. J. Dowrt, $ Clerks.
WTILL tIn as long as thie water will Ibetmit,
V leaving New Orleans every Saturday at 5
P. x., Grand Ecore every Tuesday at 14x., and
Alexandria every Wednesday at 1I x,
During the low water seikbn, the Bart Able'
will be replaced by the A light draft steamer
SABINE !
For freight or passage apply on board or to
JULES E. MESSI. Agent.
NORMAN L. UNDERHILL,
JUSTICE of the PEACE,
FIRST WARD, CITY OF BATON RtotGE.
Depositions promiptly attended toI
.Inly 4.-tf.
HENRY GENIUS,
Worker if Tin, 'ippe, r and
SHIIET IRON.
Corner FIONT & TRUDEA , S'-~'.
NAT'CIITOCII ES, LA.
Also, consttantly on iana1 l) k.tlds of
IIEATING AND COOKING STOVES
of the most improved p-tterns.
All my stoves sold :t citfy price and
guarautteed to be as repcreenti.l. 1ih
eral advatlatgesi offlred to 1th tradle.
Also, a fine stock of 'inriware, Metalli.
Roofin, &e.
Gutters and pipes plrnu't;ly atid care
fully repaired.
IIENIRY GENI1U',
Corner Front and Trudeau Sts..
Natdcitoches, La.
Jan. 17, I874.--Iv.
oswEGO
Silver Gloss Starch.
FOR THEI LAUNDRIY.
M:nufacturedl I
T. KINCSFORD & SON,
110r)1IEHOL)T I" N 'E,'SSITY .
Its great x4'dtrllclce has imerited the entlmeni
:lation of Europe for Anm.rican manlutat.ture.
PUILVERIZED CO.R STARCH,
-Preared hby
T. KINGSFORD & SON.
Expresaaly for food. when it is p-uperly meade
into Puddings, is a desert of great excelleuce.
For sale by all First-class (irocers.
Juue2) hm.
Dr. Siharp's Specitie cres Da'pepsia, Liter
Complaint. Conytipation, Vomniting of Food.
Sour Stomach. Water li'ash. Htartlmrn, Low
Spirit*, &c. In thirty-five vears never failing
to cure the moat. ubltinaite cases. Sold by
druggitt. generally.
ents for---- -----. IDepot, 145
Elgilth St.. N. Y. Circulars mailed on appli.
cation. T. LACOSTE, Agent for Natichatet
ches. La. April 18.6m o
SORGHUM JIACUIWERY, ''
CANE MILLS,
EVAPORATING
PANS,
FURNACES.
Pamphlets
and Prices sent to parties
applying, who will please
mention In what paper they
saw this advertisement.
Semple, Birge & Co..
TS 80UTH'MAIN S3., 8T. LO#
The Saturday Evening Post.
The Oldest and liest Story Paper Pub
lilhed. ,
Founded August 4, A. D. 1821.
For more than half a century the
Saturday Evening Post has been the
GREAT LITERARY WEEKLY
of the Country, :ul hasI ever borne a
widespread and unhlemished reputation
for the unsnrpassed purity. retinement
and excellence of the Serials. Sketches
and Miscellaneous reading matter.
It is pre-eminently
The Best Family Paper
that is published in thiscountry, from its
never containing anything that would
offend the feelings of any one, either in
a religions or political sense, or that
could not heI read at any fireside without
objection from the most fastidious.
The circulation of the Saturday Even
ing Post, through not quite so large
perhaps, as its younger contemporaries,
is not, like that of some of them, fluctu
ating, and too often short-lived, but
SURE,. SOLID ANrD SUBSTANTIAL,
based upon the intrinsic merit of the pa
per itself, and not dependent on any ex
traneous influences, such as the populari
ty of individual writers, &c.
Good, however, as the Saturday Even.
ing Post has been in the past, it is our
intention to make it still better in the
future, and with this object in view we
will effect a marked improvement in eve
ry department of the paper, and will
call to our assistance writers of admitted
ability and knowlt reputatioh.
By increaging its former attractions,
and adding many judicious and pleas
ing novelties, by studying how to please
and cultivate the popnular taste, byv in,
creasing indistry and enterprise, and by
enlarged facilities, we hope to make new
friends with each and every issue and
continue to maintain the claim of the
Saturday Evening Post to its title of Tin
OLDEST AND T'ilE bEST of Family Story
Papers.
Terms to subscribers:
One yeair i ei $3.00 Onp month 2.ui
" 29 etopil 5,00 Two months .Sn
" 4 copies 10.00 Three mo. 751
" 9 copies 20.00 Four mo 1 00
To any one sending $20 for a Club of
9, an additional copy will he sent FREE.
Specimen copies can be had on appli- I
cation. We Employ no Traveling Agents.
All commmuications must be addressed to 1
R. J. C. WAALKER, Propietor,
7"'7 Walnut Street,
'hila elrlphi;t.
The i'orld's Favorit".
T'lli SIALES of Ithe ~sINitEl;' lta? yeva
w1 as the glreat.'t .vtr attaitd if r
any S,.wing Maic'hi,,e in a yea:tr, and +A a
iia"a'rl,v bior .thll sialeri of tit bigte'.st
co0i',l,.titor, 4is IIy hi'e I, -e by r,'er, n'i "
to tht atecoutnt ilof sates for It . ftrn
sworn ret nllm nil:ade to I he ownra of tlh"
,Se'wing MI:,2itne. PIaent-fr,,u o hipt.
st:atisticti I .s lef1 the 1fi, e Ileading mta
'hities. viz;
The Singi"; si.1,i `..!,I"
" \Wheelr & \Wil ' ,n; " I1c,9,1I
' l)o,.stic. . 40,11
" Grover & Baker. " :%,l'
It will 1be ,h,',rye,'d that thi diffrrne.,
in tavor of the SIN1( ;I. is thi enI rmon
I1amount of 11:1;,'4 .Averl. 1 h hiighi't cot:
ie'titor. Thist rerult Itre been o1btain.,
tft r a,,trs of eN.mpt ition.
\', Submit to A, inlivr eed iublic if t
is eiai:ing foho m .ich to s:,y -t.hI .Sing,:
is th t mo.nst polntlar S1twiag, Machine in
the corild.
CEd . W. ROBn'Ic:i , .Agent,
Singer 1Manut'acturing Co.,
aýf akhilodes, La..
Jimne 20-41n.
J. F. DITTRICH,
--Ilmporter and I)ealer in-
IlIFLER, GU .'S k ."ISTOLS,
Gun MaI:terials, An.l1nition and Cunt
ic'ry. Breech-loading doible gans. of the
latest inlmproved paterns.
Sole agent for the "lisnmark 1hei~blo
harrel Needle Gun.
.ro. 82 Chartres Street,
NEW ORLEAXS, LA.
Inzzlc loIdcrs altered to inech loaders
Also repairing done with neatness awlnd
dispatch. All work warrented.
Marrch 7--1y.
'EW ORLEANS AND URANi) EICOIF
PACMI:ET C(OMPA'1Y.
I.'EOPLE'S LINE.
CAPITAL STOCK............. $100,000
Divided into Shares of $100 00 Each.
OOKS OF z RB;ClRIT' ()lS for Stock in the
sJh ab- Company,organized acceording to the
liaws df Louisiana, rilative to corporations ; ar
mow opened in Natebitctlies. at the office of I
l)UehgLt. E'q.. who is duly authorizrd and en.
powelsd to reneive sulbseriptions. Twenty-flve
dollars (053) per Share will be retllred to be pa'.
in Cash by ulbseribers when called on. say th
three months. The balance when requnted. in
inatallmenta of it per cent of which threE
months notice will be given.
JOHN HEIN.
Natehitochej. La., April 4, 1314.-tf.
01 R 7 p.
The only Reliable Gift Distribution
in the country.
$50,000 00
IN V'AIUABLE I(;t rs!
To be distributed in
168Trr REGItLAR MODl'tIL
GIFT ENTERPRISE!
-TO BE DRmAWN
MiONDAY, August IOthl 1941.
One Grand Capital Prize
$5,000 in Gold!
Two Prizes $1,000 '
Two Prize:s $5,00 =i GRElsBACsre!
Fire Prizes $100 ;
One Fanily o Carriages and Matched
Horses with Silver-Mounted IHarneow,
worth $1,500!
I Horse and IJuggy, with Silver-Mlounted
larines, worth $600.
One Fine-tons tRosewood Piano, worth
Five Family) Sewing Machines, worth
$100 eachn!
7.50 Gold aird ilver Lerer lluantng
-Watches (in all,) worth from $20 to
° $300 each.
Gold Clhains. Silver-ware, Jewelry,
&c., a&c>
Number of Gifts %,000 ! Tickets
limited to ,I50000!
AGENTS WANTED TO 8ELL
TICKETS, to whom Lilberal Premi
ums will he paid.
Single Tickets $1; Six Tickets $5;
Twelve Tickets $10; Twety.-five $20.
Cireulars containing a full list of pri.
ese, a descriptiotn of 'the manner of draw
ing, 'nrd other infonnrmation in reference to
the Distribution, will he sent to any one
ordering themn. All letters must he ad
dressed to
Main Olfice, a L. D). SINE, Box 86,
101 WV. Fifth St. Cincinnati, 0.
Oct 4-ly.
OBSTACLES TO MARRIAGE.
Happy Relief for frong len from
the straCts of ErroM and AbuLse in early
life. Manhood Restored, Impedimenta
to Marriage removed. New method of
treatment. New alnd renmrkable renm
dies. Books and Cirenlars sent free, in
snealed envelops. Address, BOWARDb
ASSOCIATION, No. 2 Southl Niath St..
Philadelphia, Pa.. an Intitutoin havi,'j
a high rcputalfio, for honr;tble Condi, t
a;nl Iprotessi,.ml skil,
Ni. 1.,.-y.