Paperofi~h Purkhi anni ('ilvof NIltfitocCS
I'1'I)A Y. - - -N . 17,1 s77
several Districfs in the state at oil(,
tine', andl on ladicial tickets, sa ves
l.imselffronm hotstingr with indigna
lion, at the action of the "Natchito
ches Bar in refusing him piofession:al
anrd social courtesy," by a diatribe
of spec'ial pleading in the Co('lumbi
]lrcrhld, Novembler :3.1.
The Natchitoches Iar, strange to
say, don't seem hurt, while anxions
enquirers are on tiptoe to kInow how
Gotham feels.
Our contemporary, the lherald(l, is
erttiinily mistaken as to (6,than's so
nial position in ('aldwell. for we have
it from the best of authority that hetl
is regald.-d there, to iuse tlihe ln
guiage of our informalnt, 'as the most
uninittigated scamIp anlnhng," and
me woul lbeg to iinform the Heraldl
that the Grand Junry of Winn p:arish.
several years ago, took cogniisance of
the "moral chariacter" of worthy (!)
Gorham, by indlicting him for ac
cepting bribes in his oflicial enpacity, I
from which he escaped conviction by I
employing all the lawyers in attend
ance leaving none to draw up tie iil'i
not withstamnding the fact that the
Judge kept Court open tfor two days,
and sent courierli out to employ a 1
Iawyer to replesent the State, w\ith
out success.
Of course, he never enlinc to to ial,
and the bill is still pending. That
an ininocent mnan would use this
means to acquit himself of such a
charge, is folly to suppose. Persons
are living to-day in W\in pluish, who
are ready to swear tlhat Goham did
accept bribe., and it behooves himll as
a "gentlemalln"i to deimand a speedy
trial. Pure people and innoceni t men
do that way, the guilty quibble as he
has done.
But ill this is nothing; the fact that
Gorham was an active memnlher of the
late Radical party, is sullicient to
convince all honest peophle, that lihe is
not entitled to any social considera
tion at their hands. The Constitu
tion of the United States has been
used for a good many purposes by the
party to which this fellow owed al
legiance, but we have yet to know
that it compels gentleman to recog
nize as their equals and as worthy of
social standing, a man who was a
traitor to his blood and to the very
society lie now attempts to enter.
We have heard also this "a''geerment"
of Governor Nicholls quoted quite
often, and Gorham is fully welcome
to all he can mak6 out of it. As for
Governor Nicholls, or Governor any
oneelse, dictating a line of social con
duct fior our people, the idea is pre
posterons. Governor Nicholls choos
es his own associates, as we do ouris,
and the "agreement," which seems
the "'mantle of charity" adIpted to
hide the sins of every rascal in the
State, fiom aInt Wells down to Gor
ham, if made 1by him, is biniding on
him alone. Our peoplel will have
nothing to do with- it now, as they
had nothing to do with it in the past.
We recommend the study of the
biogilnplhY of Judas to G(orham, and
sincerely trust he may do society the
great boon to court the end of that
character hlie tried well to imitate.
A PAPER FOR YOUNt; PEOPLE.
The Yoluths Companrion of Botston em
lIloys the same writers as the best
English and American magazines,
aniid no other publication for tile
faimily fnrnishes so much entertain
* mernt and instruction of a super ior
order for so low ta price. Aniong its
coutiibuters are Dinah luIlochli Craik,
Miss Yonge, J. T. Townbridge, Lounisa
M. Alcott, IHenry W. Longfellcw,
Wm. Culleu Bryant, John G. Whit
tier, :.nd nearly fifty of the best story
writers. For judtlicious editing, select
and popular contributors, and sjlrighlt
ly entertaining reading, it iha, no
superior among the Youth's publica
tions.
That popular merchant, S. Winbarg
Esq., issues his proclamation in the
VINDICATOR to-daiy calling attention
to, tihe fiact of his having a stock as re
plete as any in this city, which he 1is
prepared to sell at such figures as will
make it an oblject to buy. On our visit
to the establishlment we find it cram
rned with new goods and displayed
with the taste for which hlie is celebra
ted. Youths' and mens' Clothiniig,
cassimeors and gentlemans' dress goods
are made specialities. In this line ihe
has supplied a want long felt, for with
him you can bny clothing in quality,
style and fit, as cheap as in any city.
All the other lines of goods are also
attended to, and customers can be
supplied with everything they desire,
and at the very lowest cash prices.
We sincerely trust Congress will
pass an honest revenue tariff in place
of the present monopoly law. Let
the government derive its income
from duties on wines, liquors, silks,
tobacco, and othlier luxuries, placing
on the free list every article of utility
or liecessity.
Tle Elections.
The result of the vote in the recent
elections, although gratifying to the a
ID)ctloeracy present a lesson the par
tv should heed, and quickly. In those
States whelre the Demnocraicy eindorsed.c
Il:iyes, fr;ad and all, they were beatten ti
o1 iscali'ed defeat only by the skin of "
their teeth.
New York for instance, a D)emncrat
ie State by a heavy niijority, is hare
yI so lv 13,000. In that State the ie
piiihlicans d l oneced Ilaves, co erinn
Itheir repl iation of tile, frauds which
lanided hilr i otice(C under the thin
guise of an attack upon his Civil 5' r
vice and Sothern policy.
I'ennsIlvani:a, however, presents al
contraiiry result. There tlie l emo- I
itats dniltiniced and the WRepnuilincanst
app lidtud M ayes, andl the result is a
I)emolratic victorv of over 20,)(1t00
maj;iiilty. S
It is useless, we think, to pointt the
ruot al of tlhese ontrlllrances. That is
Itoo apparent to be misuniiderstoiod.
The .\1iAle[C icat people propose to pitn
ish MIr. I:tiyes and his party men e iho
outliaged their seinse of itighit tby pre
sitiing to overthrow their n ill ill
l,-7t;, and they ha've ino objection to
ii,ng the lt n Iitlnelrat ic party as the
i(;ills oitf show, iiig Hlayes et. al. their
iindigination. As tusual, however,
ithe I)emtocracy, miore famed for
ponlterolls nothinignIess than brains,
pele ils to iendorse Mrt. Hayes aldi
It is administrationi on every occtasion.
lit otlther wors, the I)emocracy refi
ses to) allow themselvets put iii powerl
althoigh the people itiay demandl it.
Of late there has been a style of
mient who have by the ipurest acci
dent got in advaince of the )Deoneracy
andii if they stay there hlong aln itteri
rout of the grand old party will be
the coisetlce. We t, st tlst the penl
ple will take heed of these lessoni
aild put nien to te fronit who consider
principlcs more thani they doi ease.
Not long since, the Shreveplort
Times complainited that Ihe nercihailts
of that city sent to St. Louis to have
Letter and Bill Heads printed, and
paid llore for them than at homne.
We see Texas papers cotmplain of the
samne thing. We beg to enter a
charge also, for our business men
never lhink of patrtonizing home
plinling offices. The VIN)ic.vroTn
has snperior facilities for all kinds of
Job Printing, and ire td) ork below
New Orleans prices, but still they go
to thte city for it. All these people
are bitterly opposed to consumers
going abroad for dry goods, groce
ries, legal advise, &c., however.
The business and professional men
of Natchitoches do less to sustain
their home paper, and the very best
paper in the State at that, tian any
town in Louisiana.
Dan Yiorhtes, the taill Wabash hero
has been sworn in the United States
Senate, vice Morton dec'd.
McClellan's ntajority in New ,Jer
sey was handsome. Is it in order to
nominate hitn for the next Presi
dency ?
Warmoltoi and Sheridan are itighly
pleased with Nicholls' Conservative
cotirse. These Radical tiheives get
deilightlfully conservative when they
can findl no one 1else to rob.
Grant is llaving a htigh old time in
Europe ! Dining out every day.
ThIe New York World don't like re
uonetlisig silver. Tle leoile, how
ever, don't agree with the World on
its money views.
Ilemnoeratic States.
The Democracy, whichl, according
to Radical wishes and expression
was iain dying condition, is quite a
lively corpse, as the fillowing ex
hltitt of States ilid by themI shows:
C onntectieut, North Catolinlt,
Ai kantstsi, New Yortk,
Southi Carolina, Missonri,
New Jersey, Flornida,
Kentticky, Pennsylvania,
Georgia, Tenlinessee,
)elauware, Alaatinna,
Ohio, Mar Vland,
Mississippi, Indiaiia,
Virginia, Louisiana,
t Califtirnta, West Virginia,
Texas, Oregon.
Twenty-four States, leaving thir
teen for the Republicans, in which
they are on the ragged edge.
The Natctiroches Vindicator is the
best weekly published in Louisiana,
or indeed, on our exchange list, and
S"tihe divil O'Blrurney in that Janmie,
Sits lue'sel klnows."- lansficld Repor
teI'r.
Thanks Doctor. We appreciate tlhe
complinment highly from you, for
you're a judge.
"Republican leaders" complain of
- Ithe Rebel Generals' securing an inter
Sview with President Hayes "qnicker
s'nor thley do." If these able bodied
S'leaders" will call on tihe keeper of
any of thie Penitentiaries in the Union
,they can be assured an interview
"quicker nor anybody."
Snmalla, a Radical ex-Senator of
South Carolina. has been found guil
ty of robbing the State Treasury.
Hayes is quite tickled over the
vote of Massachusetts. He is easily
a pleased.
t _
a Some of the Ultra-Radical organs
rejtice that the two greatest espo
nents of Abolitionism, Phillips and
SGarrison, have denounced Mr. Hayee'
F Southern policy. Thiis is the best
things we have heard about the policy.
To Laild Elquirers.
Col. Wilm. M. Levy is in receipt of
a number of letters asking for infor
mation regiatling the lands he is of
fering to white Immigrants at 73 cents ini
per aee. These letters are chiefly
fiom Southern States. The lands are
what is known ais 'uplands" oI Loui
siana and are well watered and titn- o
bired. 'hey are not exceeding tell n
nmiles from ltd River, and the \\'es
tern boundary approaches within two a
or three miles of that stream. Camlptc,
a thriving village, is withiln 5 nmiles,
while Natchitoches (C. 11 ) is about t
15i. These lands are of the very best
quality of uplainds, eCapahle of prod i
11
cing without fertilizing, . to ' of a
hale of cotton per acre, and from 15
to '2) bushels of corn. The timber is
Oak, Ash, Hickory, Blackjack, Pine,
)ogwood &c. Ordinarily these lands
svll for 5$ per acre, but Col. Levy de
sites to build tlup the coluntry with
white inuIiigrants and offers this body
of land at special ligutes as an earnest
of his endeavors.
[('oll lntnieat' d]
M\NY, S.%lilm.: Pm.itsu, L..,
Nov. ld. 1,77.
Elitlr Viudicator :
I see in the I ,licator, issue af the it
!7th ult., ;a tnu mnll icatin pilpn rtiing
to ilit' ia riply tIo lmy hlelttr tof ple\io iu s Is
sue I am ticipale, and h,,ted that he
w\.uld respond u and f tx).) ralt' hhliu.elfl
to l.ole extent' . I expLeti d ia reply, not h
such a weak and intsipid tiradte as he
has punlished. t
ih doehs not delny a sinill clhatrge th:t ,
is trade, algainst 1, In , t ib t ndi\es into a s
tminis cuis Volley of epithiets against
onther idit'viduals, using tht pronoun thi y,
antl calling th .'t "w ihiskey guzzlers,"
and the charg-s ga:lis t hin stald to
Sdai ll nlnilS redl and irrefntahle. I have
lhinght ;tir solo time that it was un-1
nee, sur";V for rue to r plY. as there was
rcally unothing of Uit" portat'e for me to 1
take entice tit', hltt Is he has are'sCetd 111
with havingehrgd the metnmbers of the
Police JurIy of being "di ihonest, ignotrut
aid st iittI" it u ,lt\es ii e to say solll
thia, and whir ile I ei writi;g, I will
take Ip his letter andi rlspond to it,
whicih tivo will pi:lse p1uhlish in Your
next issute. It says that the .'slang andi
lise I e., is anot ln feii ue'i llt a isrund ilti.
crners il certain localities in this see.
tionl, ly whiskey gnzzlers I and dfisli- a
,pointed iuspiralts :luda their friends since
the hlst election.'. "Whiskey guzzlers,
well done; I'1 tellyovi. Mr. Editor, that
this nian has "gulizzlel" more whikeyil
thtan I and all of my 'friends, and to
mly certai n knwledge, hie is the only"
fman 1 ewithin tive miles it' "these or inets
that has ever ",guzzled" e'lough whiskey
eto give him the mania a pota, or iln mil
11(1 parlance, to get the devil after
titold that he did tut know tiihe .aniiag
of my "coglsnom, n, "Pro ions Pu lito ."
"Since the last ei e tio t tf his rmlinlds
fie of the Radical party at the last
ing back ydalrs for material to defend its
t infamous regime.
"iisallinited aspirants," it ns tsee ifi
he has inot had some disappoi ntd as
Scvirations." In 8lli, he was a lie dtiatte
for lItipresentative of this parish, and
Jreceiv'ed votes: he h trie it again in
c!i72, and ult 8i votes; bno t I must con
t'ss tat hies a hlate care is more tittelrin
to himself and cihitwort d om ingt tthe
30ole oi S.lhine. As for having any fs
pirations, I am hapit y to say tho t a
have rintne, nor iVe had. Hle says
again. "that it is the eflusidns ofldisap
Iinted amuNbiNti &C., aoli to cover up
tle misdeeds of which they are guilth."
sTb unetroth and exlse hvis errors a(lt C
additioll duties 1h1ei i illstittrd Ulnil
him als TreasurerIl, which CIausted the PoliCte
Jnuryt rle s t'tor lil hif frint itto 5 pter
ent, s ut hei does fht t state n ut ithoset
duties t re, and gels owas to say thldt it
"atiords lint a tea lllagr colmensatieol at
tthe rednied IRice of prish papert" Evel
wrv man il Sthine sparitsh kou wsn this to
he false. His predecessorse have dis
chatrgedut t lhe dutis If the otlie folr 5
per cent, amn. script worth frmn 20 to
30 cents. is files were rlt d i ed falold M
ti'o ti per cent. By virtue of lhis oie ias
rer of the School fund, worth $10,g in
gitrency, tel parish pailr stiasce his in
stalloment, has never sosl fo legss thanit
ocets! Does that sae look like deprecia
itionst!
S And iagrain. "they were advised on thet
suhject of the Supervisors claims," &c.
r r. sho tslv was loth to ins Dtitute suitl
a warran t tof 1,77 raip, at 50 cents onte
the dollair,i in liquidation of hitors lin,
obut Mr. lres ly tolde him that it was l eil
Sscribed, and that it citoul not bile collect
ed, they refi lled, suit was instituted, and
to the parish, te says "e that an acletoal
was taken to tlhe Distarict Cirt, a that
thalt lart of the tjudgment inekint l ae
levy of a sapesiai tax was set aside. ttr.
Munson ptying cost of appeal which was
$1.10, ind Mr. t l elidorsi jitdgenet
against the parish still stands as a ltestio
Ar y that ha Pve rad ny fst letter,
know that e started ollt with the un
drstylonng thait this etonorablo Boaidy
waS rietdafosed ditii"s Ost .ellemen
And reiterate, nlio they will do what is
ofrih t, if one, isltid ll Ir. Prlessle, and
wtoa show to what extet this Divine will
lead tihem, I will renter il cireimstante
that occurred in the tax collecd tors oItie
not long shice: A gentleman (iaud friend
of ti. eP.) i copany wiu h Mr. P resley, ad
weit into the oftiee, this ge prtleman ish
iiig gi pay a retghbors tax, but had i
parisih wier, he asked the a oleber of
ish ax atthe orate sef 5 epresenttives for safe
Polie inry would beendorse it, bak toeen
u Ne Orlean by oe knr-ow. that icklite Po
Skltew that he cld indGc. the Pnlice.
e The oiginal returns in the parish
.the iise of Atty. Genl. Ogdlcn.
]IELIUiOUS C'OLUM..
Edited by the Rev. T. J. Hough.
C:tholic :-t. Pititr' Chrc1111h at lHotne is of
g'eatirr spldtldor and llllntit uo tfihan ally build
until itlsd.hdiinttio. hlt :3lll0years plassed awal
blf .lw it was entir1'ly com pleted. 'r ll hngth11
Ilof tl. 4hurch isis ' li, frt, tl lengtlh lof the suLm
nit ,I' the t10pa11 is 413t1 feet. lThc huiling is of
gli:lt heuty. it is surti onlll ued 'l ith coltlionad.es,
obelisks, and tith u G'ins.
r leshy'- triann:-The I ii est clh urh edliti' in
INoirtli , ii'ina- , it s tie h rSt. sl te, i- n ct lrtch at
Sh et.veport
Elpisl"opa lehn :--he. Mr.'.ameron will lprach
a it iht- tpiscui churl h in this cit y ito-morrlw.
M.thodi-t :--l1ring the present year '4 lanll
tIers hi\'  14-11 rc,.i\lt, inhto the Mf 1th(slt
ch11rch al t i ,iti o I .,iigt. :, t s ll rhvt.polll , :lii
.1 at Nac. hit.. h s alt. i lSt. 11I. Ii: 'i tt.
'therei is thitsht it t ill it're hati' i nyt previail-I
iig hbolweten the V-iloin. .'tligions slrts n tsw
hlimi ever b4-f ,re. It has bci1iI 11 lmark4-,, hb
i:lill that li rlii ' I ttlit illl t 11111. ll , s l i l i
hlit-l th.1d lhi '11 all ith. r hit iin.s Isid'." ' 'his
i l al l lilt tii istl ike, it is the 11ili i f' fi lre li' ::I
(i t. l l it i t :I tllr i i'rlli ltii li'. .iti ,di
tmdisfirt rligtok that piusG cl s t 1lki , fi ttdiI isid
anlid itti d.
The chir of thelli . I1. . \with . 4v-1ral othelrs
ltor. a ll elf,. intit giled. cll -tlii . afterii t hich
we ha 1111 ,ic fr l the illitl t I. F iite, :ald lii iltt':
Afllt h tu n rtfr.leshlin ts r nsi. tini of lake.,
Fruitsiil and Caldil ti., more eitiiiyalnt ie lin
uI'4 1r.,1l5 wit'I l4.. :: i, tlit tho r, 111", u .1ilher
iill'. ' a ,ls, r dil ii Iti tkg fi t dul, d in.
ii <l. Til it 111 4 111lllot, 11 iqit.sts ;11 5 r11L.111 s1
t l , im l-t- l pt il' pikt li all h lt . i Tt . J.
Iough i lthe l illllple'stati tl of the 'litble 1
Presentation.
y- t lh ear ts itst-r: I hi vt t he '' p tlltasur , of i
sltin'ii ,sa ' this I ll ilihi l. 113 l h11as bridal +ln s.
ii tl. hslo i Itll, c fhitir of ithll-. th I odist 'il itls-pal
s'hrilgr ilh ,l i l. in r tln tii ltion of the i hl ll t ll'
slrt'ilc Vill ' aIe r l'at ill r Li tl b t l'llv d r rchlll
i ll its int.anc' a tl ist pitlitr. ai lint oIltgit ist. It
is preseii t with Itis h11 th-t1 it lt ay i l la . e
"'Light 1i1t y ullll r lath11 , iland a laliiip unto llilll ilr
Andi 1 as Iuti Paitor ai' Stiil l tra Ait\iser I
chalirg, i ill the It-ltt gia l, o' f oi lr l Lord l Iii ,'t s
"Scit ch th sI ilt ptua s. ft r il h 11'11t po thinl, ,ti
hav\ i.t frnal lll ,, anti l h ti r' are th ii, i which lttes
ity" of ulni \'t het11 f yonii irall a Vl lon talt tl king ttl
Gld, iii h wn au It are reiating the worids ofit
this litk, that is t od talking It you. It as n- lt
ict rln srto ii.l "ar cristiah i e. joy e t that p n
shn llt l i'c lthis l ible.i t a it isto this t ,I ll t hat fi-,Il
e coistanlly tlhrown to klleep up thc Mltiotnledi
Th'e pall of I atlhno ill soo.ner or latetr lie ihtwi 11
over iyour ti-tiliry citusle. id ti 4 Vill t I k a ti be Ilies
i- tanltd to put i' lthe Vail aof isllurning. ald ie
Itl-alli h the l otr. li tufl l all lit of wihw: the 'uill
w ill rej.iice to readl . 'G. d w ill I ., a hiishanud fo
the wilow. "---"hId shall wipe :twat' all tears
I'Cni Ily -yIes allln with la hultl of trillifh llrlt ul
Ict li\ ifll "WI" .llill h ielrll lIt't ig t an lt llsiti n.
º u ma x1 hll' wI1 e shall form 4111(1 unhbroken thmui"
Iy il Hcavenl"
IThis word o il hd1i is I tli'wrin light-hu Dt n l,
crrt h, i by .htla1h111 o it ilt't , irrs of Eternll y, it
shines ii ' t ftre br illiant t ll i i ten tho and suni . to li
il ll il ;i llt e il pa h of tl l n ilct ti ly pilgrims frt ll
earth lto iheavlen, so f1 ill awayI in th,. l st tloll f ' nllll
isaViour a,,i t ohe (, s lO.i to ic ,, . lthis light points
u to. that it can onlly tie sle, t rul gh tlilh tell -i
scopel of flilh, Ih us eal, ath this IhIanI ifuI l tele
scope ausl .ver keep it pointed itowags the
You have just enterl, il- me o1f the most stl.
Pi11t In tllH ,a4t contractal s k1 in'n t to ililalkigld,
aii:di W ngs asisi that fulv par tial rot y n' ill
sonl rIatoliz. that this isa a o l llt h Ii.tgged l l,
Vol n Yed i l glnt exprt to tri d tlhe Ipt hayi oilt
life wihoutn an ir. tuhere is hg ltose without Ia
ihornl. Vio have inlee d w a i 1c1h t ltasik h'erbee y,
wt ied m1 ill h ,e 're. t. ltyll will lll st: tli t lrd this
111 Sac of do).
hr. Ad BIrlTTSf.tllttit
l,, iiilhusl rin .l kind. 5ntlel fo rgivinl-.-.ud
ever keep it in recell lianl tlhat
The kindest pr tillol h .alitst pair.
Will often find oction to forbeahr.
Aid something teviery- dil they tliv
T1 pitiy. alid t perhalps, Orgi ',e.
As larg nilu. r ofo t he mrtitembltersoi oof tlt
chu rch arl Itr l, it lt' lllntl i nilltppropriate
n lthis lollion to remark that whI e wD e G tiit
claim ally l'reat antiqnity fur ollr church as to
Sits presen ot ganizatin. we do Claim to teach andc
prc ire doctrines as inlle atdll in the i er Iplle,
cold a old as revlatioi itself. Wye beli.eve a
'lhlch is hlOtsed anld owned more of God fr
what it is than fur #hrat it ha(.' been, we have no
w1r to wage on ailly lel ti:lliou. We Say in
the langiaie of St Paul "Let every man be
fifully persade'd in his own i lii d."
1Me i ht'vt three hundlred aol fifty th osand
Methodist in thi. 'nited Stata , of t'hat nni'her
seel hanlihed adl ifty thonusnil nelonh it1 the
Methodist h lpiscOpli' I hrach Slht, h ilt ,n of tir
SMinistrs is ( ' Chaptlin in thi IHiuse, f lblp
resentatiVeSll, in I'uss. lOur tcirchi is repce
selihed is evei y parish., eniilliandV State in ihis
gr t collillnutry. Our mil I .io ni't il' e hit'tf
ll ll tlot ' hmat all 1 1th11 natinlit , and wei
ir li n ol i ll )'ip i liyno r:ailidly than .\ r
li- ,ahini up t liw < hihlrei a 1 hd uti illo s |O
the ( thi prin i pl h nni docrili,, e t|" . lh dii
'henCile .ik a ,oceini bilSlws lip wiih irou.
in n smiti'ni. tllhI \ will want Gods word t'o
, sih'cry hlri1 1hilklr.
Sienolf family and kindh'd, b ine hlt rdi, l on
at nlth i nllt, oph eetile nli lhy a tlhin sheet
the losonm oi'lh,, wihl whilry blhsl, ralher hain
in lhot hlast hour lke, awLiy fron e ny bElo\Ed
a and lihts lowher, lanthe lhll otihue are gli
ra- i Ihe ,ori. of this glori'us biok." and whn
ii la h |rlelns i. an ltiigr aleh to hohl it lup I
"Yes."
copy.
IMPORT'J'ANT SALE.
I WILL sell at Public Auction in the
Town of Cloutierville on
Saturday, December 18t, 1877,
A fine lot of Mules, Horses. Mares, Carts,
Wagons, and Oxen, to close a partner
ship.
TERMS to be made known on day of
sale. A rare chance for bargains.
L. CHARLEVILLE
N. B.-I wilt also rent two or three
places on same day, at public outcry.
-~~._.__----------------------------
LOOK HERE !!! FO:
. WINBARG,
(Corner FI1ONT & HOIRN Sts.,)
till
IDECLRES REBELLION
--ON
th
FA,\LL AND WINTER
A full, complete, select as
sortment of merchan
dize, fresh from 1:
market, and ci
at
bought
at reduced prices, which 2i
enables him to sell
BELOW the LOWEST. c
Youths'
and Mens'
CLOTHING,
of the linest make and material a
speciality.
A\ complete stock of
FR [TINI'rUIRE,
the Best and Cheapest ever i
broughIt to this market. 1
All lines of (OO)DS suited to a
the wants of Natchitoches cuns
ton). g
CO.IE BEFORE THEY ARE ALL GONE. S
Don't forget the place,
S. WINBARG'S
Corner Front & Horn Sts.,
NATCHITOCHES, LA,.
AlUCTION SALE.
TOWN LOTS.
Swill offer for sale, to thIe highest and
IaIst bitdhler at the Court Hlouse door
in the city of Natchitocrhes, on
Moloday, December 3d, 1877,
twectV lots of ground, situated in the
(c'ity of Natchitoches between, aid ti'ronl
ie' colld Street ann to Bayou Jacko,
numibered on the Map of said city, fromn
lots No. 1, to So. 20), inclusive, each lot
contaitinug a front of 96 feet, rlunning
Sback to a depth of 165 feet.
Terms of Sale.
none thirdl cnsh, the balance in 6 and
S12 months. Acts of sale at the expense
Sof the purch ser, with velors privilege
and special mortgage retained to secure
payment of credit terms.
S J. LEONAllI) I'LLARD,
Nov. 17-3t. Auctioneer.
IFROM HER ASHES.
The Phwnix has puIt on new life and now
caters for public flavors.
J Warren Suddath
has taken charge and )DAN now dispenses
the choicest
1BRANDIES,
WHISKIES,
LIQUORS,
C1(, ARS,
&c.
RICH ST. LOUIS BEER ON DRAFT.
D)on't forgect, ye thirsty, the Ptltasxz
oon St. )Denis Strect.
Feb. 24.1y
Estimate of Expenses.
PAlIisI TIIEASUIIER'SW OI:FICE,
Natchitocles, LA., Oct. 18, 1877.
To the lion. President and nmembers of
the Police Jury of the Parish of Nat
rchitochcs.
S(;entlem,en : - I have the honor to sub
Smit the following estimate of the anmount
requiredl for the ipayment of the expeln
ses for the fiscal year Ieginning on thle
1stl day of lJanuary and ending on the
31 day of December, 1878, payable in U.
SS. Currency, to serve as a basis for the
levy of the taxes for the year 1877, viz:
Criminal expenses (being Clerk's
Sheriff's fees in crimninal ca
ses and pay of witnesses and
jnror .................... $6000.00
I'ay of Police Jurors, President,
Clerk, Constable and District
c Att'y pro tern............. 1600.00
e Jail expenses, maintenance of
. prisoners, &ec............. 1000.00
n Jnustices of the Peace and Consta
E, bles........................ 600.00
o Election expenses 1878......... 500.00
Paupers ...................... 300.00
e Coutingent Fund................ 10000.00
Expenses in collecting revenues 1000.00
$12,000.00
The above being one per cent on the
e asssessed value of taxable property in the
Parish.
Very Respectfiully,
A. E. LEMEE,
r- Leopoldc Cartel
of GOFEE HOUSE
Corner FRONT and HORN Streets.
M1arch 25--1y Luuch frae evcry day.
For Account aind Estate St. Ann PrIn
dhllnlllle.
Lani Certificates.
39 i3-100 Acres. Northwest luarter of
lit, Soutthwest lquarter, sel"ttill 7, town
ship e. ringe 7.
:;I 7'i -1(10 \ire's, Soullltheast i11art'r of
the' S llthleast quia:rtr if t'section '12.
townhip . lrangi' S.
39 7i9-(l1i A'cres, Ntorthelast qiuarter , of
Southestt quartcr of section 12, l,,\ nshi1,
3:) 5.1-101(0 A'res, Southwest quartecr of
the Sou thwwest qturter (l' the 5tthwrest
1u11 1 ' ofi s e i t il l i, tiw is, i til ralng' i
39 e 83-1011) Acres, Notrlthea qUailtier iof
the Soiiutlhwest quairter of sect tin 7 to\\wn
ship 8, rlange 7.
'2:l8 10 100 Acres. West half of the
Southeast quaniter of section, 12, and flet
Last half of thit, East half of sectiot 13,
township 8. inorth of range 8. w'est.
7 51-1i-0) Acres. tast illf of Souttheast
elttlter, whet ion 13, township 8, range .
('crti ttia e 7101.
1111 .111-111) Acres, Southeast quartir of
section 1, township 8, north. iunge
west.
I0) A.cres, Nortllwes.t Il.arter of sec.
ion 7, townshiip s. north, range 7, west.
1lio0 1)-l ll A\'er'"s, situated ion thi right
lank of igttleht BIlondie, lyinig contign
llS altd iabovte . P. landlirig, .i an r's
cleared and iilnjo ei,. with house aind
cistern, halance wo.odlahl.
'T'hese hilnds will Ihe sildd at privahte saI
at anyl time, payb;t le one hiilf cash, hal
ance in one and two years' , with good
solvent se.,uities. 'T'o le sold on the 1,
2. 3. and 4th Monday's in Ih cenher next
at P'Iblie Aition to the highest hidder.
For account and Estate of J. B. Prud
lioinne.
'Tw'o 1 tauntiful tracts of hilnd. lyin g on
ca bh side ofit Saline B t.o , ti 'e ,iltis
alove St. Maurice, containling 4li;0 acr'es,
resptctivel}y.
T('otiignlus to One lhiuldred and Sixty
Satres of cypress break, adapted to a
Saw-Mill.
Armand i tracts onil Old Rii'cr, East bank
said to contaiin l55 artelnts bottomt lanid.
\VWest l:al h il 1 ?-ilt anlrpents hill laud.
For luartichllars apply to
EMIL:E Sr. ANN 'PRI')HOMME,
('anilpte P. O.
Nlatchitoche's l'arisl, La.
FOR SALE.
E (RTITAIN lla:utation or tract of
L land, Situt.el in the parish of lied
hirer, Stite itof L.unisi:lnal. on the right
hank oif Weid Riv,r descending. opposite'
Loggy lh:yonl, liin g in sections 23. 24,
'5 iland 20. inl 'l'Uwnlship 14, Ratige 11,
'West, containing 793 76-100 acres.
This plantation has now in cnltiva
tioo at d ll t llll ler gool t ',loie', Ilabout 3.00
ai'es, more or less, with v'aluble itl
pro',ints, consisting of a id'welling
hollse, gillt htlist', nllgrlo cahlns, coirnl
crilbs, and all necessary out-huillings.
This lplanutatin is finely timbereid, and
not sinject to overtflows, and will ibe sold
at l]'ivatt' sale.
A certain tract of land or plantation
situated ill the parish of Grant, Statie of
Lotisiauna, on the left lnlik of thle hon
l)ie'n river., desectudiig, itconisisting of a
grant of 640l acres f tanld confirmtned lby
Congress tio Lestii l'rnudhliomnie, is as
signiie of John Biaptiste l'revelle, ald
hºtJ 8t-lll ares pinirchiased ly thie de
viased,i Lestan Pridliohlnlle, from the
United Stiates, in Townishil 8, lange' 6,
and couitaiing ihi the aggregate. 1239
ac-Ol ires, more or less. This llaiuta
tion is also now il (ulti'atihn, and with
i hout three or four hundred aertrs tIlln
dter good ftence; is linely woodlll; nIot
liahle to ouvertlonw, andi has all the lineces
sariy liihls i iiand inllirowivniclts there.
011.
Fur i ofrmnatitin altidy to the tiunder
sigiit'tl, 13 mileuh below fit' towvn tf
- Natehiitiches, or to his lriither, Merdot
Prudhlinuine, iin fhl i'ity of Natchliitiches.,
* F. A. PIRUI)IIOMME.
Agent and Att'y in Fact of the heirs and
ligal rejiresentatihvtes oif ]Lc stan P'rn
d dholinni, thdoeaeti.
n No'. 10-hin.
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS,
SHERIFF'S SALE.
John W. Cockerhanm vs Robert F. 1narri
son et. als.-District Court No. 812"2.
John W. Cockerhanm vs. Robert F. Ilarri
son et. als.- District Court No. 8142
I3 Y VIRTUE of two several writs of
Fieri Facias issued in the above
entitled and niumbered suits and to me t
directed. I have seized and will oiler for
sale to the last atnd highest bidder at the
Court House door on
Saturday the 15th day of Dec. 1877, 1
the following described property to wit:
A certain tract of land or plantation
situated in the parish of Natchllitochts on
tle left hank of Iligolett londien desleen
ding, being the upper undivided half of
the Island known as Rtllueis Island and
containiing in said iplper half One Thou
sand acres more or less, bounded below
by the lower half of said Island, on the
East by the hBrile, on the West by the
Rigolett lhondien, together with all the
buildings and imnprovementts thereon, in
cluding Steam Engine Boiler and lix
tures, &e.
Also a certain tract of land or planta
tion on the left bank of the Rigolett lion
dien descendling, known and designated
as Rolqucis Island situated about 5 miles
Northeast of tlhe town of Natehitoheles and
lying between the Rigolett Bonlien and
Bayou Brule and containing the entire
area of the lower half of said tract to
gether with all the buildings ;ud im
provelments thereon.
Terms of Sale :
CASH, with the henetit of appraisement.
D. 11. BOULLT, Jr.
Nov 17 tds Sheriff.
CONSTABLE SALE.
1st Justices Court, Ward No. 1, Parish
of Natchitoches, La., No. 327.
Joseph Levy vs. Fredrick Jones.
B Y virtue of a writ of Fi. Fa. issued
from the Hon. the Ist Justice Court
in and for the Parish of Natchitoches,
State of Louisiana, I have seized and
will offer for sale to the last and hiih
est bidder at the door of the Court
Ilonse in the City and Parish of Natchi
toches, on
Saturday, 1st day! of December, 1877,
the following described property, to-wit:
All the right title and interest of the
defendant Fredrick Jones, in and to
3,;1o0 pounds of cotton in the seed, more
or less.
Terms of Sale.
CASH-subject to appraisement.
A. L. BRETEL,
Nov. 17. Constable, Ward 1.
NOTICE.
Succession of Alexis Cloutlier,' )ec'd.
JEAN A DICOURNAU having ap
t'plied to become ID)ative Testamnenta
ry Executor of thel last Will and Testa
mient of Alexis Cloutier, decensed; no
tice is hereby given to whom it may
concern, to show cause within ten days
fronm this date, why the application of
the petitioner should not be granted.
P. A. SIMMONS,
Nov. 10-2t. Parish Judge.
[ Get your printing done at
the VINDICATO3 Job Office.
NOTICE.
Srr,+,t',,ion of Jeron me 1f.st, 1ec'd
I ULI,';S . 1FL.:SI haviin alplied' to
"1 I,, alT, uintcd Aihninistra to. of, t
`Iuresi,,nl of J.rom e Ah 4 .4 theP--'-"
nItice !W Ihere given to l all 'li'"
S 'ito- ti "iItllu tei
d;-ir, fru th1' dlate. Ihy1 th, applicaltin i
of the pe.litln cr nhll)ll ll hnt l i"e raite
1'. A. 1" ef'.i
Nov. 1I-2". Parish Jud
'ili Judge.
SIIEIIFF'S SALE,.
.lihcs i .:.i v. u\trts. Eloie Armnand
au l John C. T'lrichel.
Distrit Co'urt. N,.---.
) Y virtu- of a: writ of F'i. Fa. issu
) yI, the lion. District t'o rt in and
tIr the Plri-h o Natchitiiies arid t
mn dire hted, is tcid onl twelve Inonth
iu,,i:l (of Mr' t Elise Artl:ulnd andl John
'ricil, in fi'vor of .l1.. Duta5eL
hal i, ' idl aIInd \ ill oli't foIr sal. to the
List and highest hidd,,r at the dhmrof
C(',lor't HIIi'i ill thilt city andl Parishof
Natl'hiii, l ic s, oil
Stitrda lf!/, lst day! qf December, 1i77
til.' fillowinlg propert\, to wit:
A certain lot of gr',uil situated in the
larih i"of NatchiteIhs, haViilg a front
Iof six t i;ert on jSihle Strt, tuiad run.
nfling ak fin" a Ilipthi on. mlidred and
sixty- ve tisc t, hon rled n ol'frth b.y Sibley
- strlet. south by lot i P t' etllat, east b
' Third Str.eet, and west b' lot of S x
Ill:is, tlogether with all the Uinildingos
atid inlpro\vme,ts tllt'r, on.
Also :I erttain lot of grounld situated
in the 'Twn of Natchiitochis, and kuoll n
anti discrilbed as lot No. oni plat of lots
Mur\y ,'ed on lorh lda of July bvySamrl
A. Itrdick, hying a front of ixtt.sii
tfeet oiln Sihl, trevt. with a depth ep one
hunhdre'd and ,Mixteen l;.,t, hminted od
tilt. east by Third Stret. w«csl by loto.
9. north !i lot foro-trly luelongiu4to
Anlttin' 1'rndhotlMle and wifi, withall
the hUnildings and improcment, thereon.
Also anuothtr lot of grond sithatediin
thel Town and Parish of Natchitoches,
fr'onting sixty-six Ictt on Sibley Stree
and rttuing iack one Ilunldt'eid anl sity.
ti\ve feet, acquired by l't'titj.eant from tie
S.Sncession saIle of S. M. IIvams on 16th
of tMarch. 1 70, with all the buildings
and itrlllrovemntlllls therto:n.
Also a certain lot of ground situated
in the 'it" and ''Par.ish of Natchitohes,
and nule,.red 11,running elighty-twofeet
six iinches, on south side of Church
Street. parallel liines, ioanded on the
east by lot iNo. 10, on the west by lot No.
12, on tlhe north b Church Street, and
on the ~tlth hy lot ielonging to or tuse
hv St. Jos-p'lis Co'll'eg. together with
all the hbiltings antid inprovementa
thelriotl.
Also i n n!i\vidVld one-fourth interest
in arid to thIree ertalii lots of ground in
the town of (;rand E'core, Parish of
Natchitoches hieing numbered 38-39 and
40, each havitng a front of seventy feet on
ISecond Street, and running back for
dhpith one hundlred and sixty feet, bIond.
ed north by Second Street. south by an
Alley. east by Wilt Street, and westbt
lot Nýo. 37, ;said lots heing so numbered
ou a plat of said Town of Grand Ecore,
mlade by Louis Pe!le, ont 27th day ot May,
ls3i Seized as the property of the De
fetidant, Mrs. Eloise Armand.
Terms of (Sale.
('ASJf-without the henefit of ap.
plraisc'tlenlt.
D. 11. BOIFLLT, JR..
Oct. 27.-tds, Sheriff.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
,ennt ('Con:nt, Administrator, et. al. vi.
II. O. Htlltes- Parish Collu't-No 913,
Jentl Coinant vs. H. O. Iloque- Parish
Court-No )41
p Y VIR'IrE oftwo writs ofFi. Fa.,is
inued it, the above enutitled and num
.lered suit and to me directedt, have
seizeld aind will offier tiFr sale to the 1s¢
anlt highest hiddecr at the door of th
coltrt-lholtse ill the city andI parish of
Natchitoihcs on
Saturday! the ?17th day qf Nor. lh7,
1the fiollowiing deerilhell property, to wit:
A eirt:ain tract of land situated on
Catti river, lenout 1) miles below the
city of Natcltitoches, lhountded abhove by
hltlads oif N. P. Mettoyer atnd below by
lands ot' Terence Chaler containing sixty
acres. more or less, together with all the
buniliunis anrd itltproveuLents thereon.
Terms of 8ale.
- CASH-with the benefit of appraisement.
D. H. BOULLT, JR.
Oct. 13-tds. Sheriff.
if NOTICE,
SALE OF FUBLIC FERRIES.
e Tile public are hlereby notitled that Ii
a:icotdat: tee with a resolhtion adopted at
, the October session of tilhe PolicoJufy,l
will proceed to sell, at plihl c anction,tf
Stile ldoor of the counrt-house, betweenthe
Shours of 1 in. and 2 p. in., on
SSaturday, the 1st day of Decembei,
all the public ferries within saLid Pari5s~i
MIonette's or 40 mile.
Clontierville.
Tc I wventt- fotr Mile.
Montgiomery.
,'it. ttaniee.
,Johsollnds.
I Grand Ecore.
Canipte.
Snke Villa:go or McDonald's Bluff.
SStntil & 1)iniery'.
Said lferl'rries will be sold ol the followr'
. ng terms and conditions, to wit:
. To be sold for a term of three years
Thei purchase price to be recelaal;lo in
any legal Parish warrants, as follows:
One third of tl. iurchase price lpayl
bte on the :day ol - : Onlle fthird on the
15th day of Noveni,-., -. andone third
ott the 15th da" t .- , r ',or 1879. Tb8
ipurchlaser toglave .... drectedbylW.
Any failure to r.',' ot the terms of
ii stle, will operate as a canchela'tion ofsale
and the Pre'sildent of the l'Plice Jury is
attthlorizcdl to put up said Ferry on the
Ist day of December filii llg, anud sell
the same to the hiogheslt ,iYhr.
4 In casec any Ferries :I,0 nt sold thBe
t will be re-ottired. at a tI ' to be 8
no, totunted on the day ,t ,.,
tel 1\ ?i oA~YE,
I- Nov. 3-tds I' . -: P. Jury.
- ESTRAY N o ;.': E.
7, Takel up by the iu, ,:r l and*
t: trayet hefore J',0 M. T, J. ', P'
S1, one Gray Ma're, bti I on te
to lft thigh ani d l ES o ih :,r sthoulder
lr Estrayed according - November
7th, 1877.
'I{ICHEL.
Na;tcehitohes, La., -7.
ESTRAY ]: :CE.
rAKEN IP by the . -.,iii andes'
Strayed before L E. ],, t J
1. Ward 3, Tw Mulcts. 1' ,ir:lndedJ.1'
eon left shlouhler, and : -,. handktdbigb.
SOne a bay, and the ot :, blak h0
'a-n'titlle.
o- Estrayed according t , October lit
'1877, JOS N. V , l'SN.
Nov 3-lno Natchitoc 'arsh a.
Beverly T'.. o1ler'
General Col, (`or.
ý All Ac(ol I o : j '. , llc te