Advertising Kates.
anSd the Iriendl no tlo Pilr .oiilzl
J .H, COSCROVE
9 eualSo 70ul uo 00 :5 00 ' ; un
(n400 13 001j IM( !5 Oý {4 ce
2lure " 1400 124 1$) :1 00oil *u 1 ISu ;{i Edtr P Ou I
squqares... - - -1
5 quaiSS.. 17th) U-2) 0 i no 3" '00 0 iin 1 (1 - - - - - - - - - --_
'low 1c 0' 27 0 n 8; nn 511 400 14oa THE WTELFAIRE 01O THi E PEOPLE IS rJ,[fl: SUPREME LAW.
7 e r,., ..(uuee..5.(I31 Ir
}Pe SOD31 oal __f__7__0_
jauarI (00 35i (N, 51) 1O110. 571 10) 11'il .... .' -
jO sgarqea·· 4,5006 6)1 (1 0011n I115 m) Official Organ of the White Citizens of Red River, Sabine, inn and atchitoches Parihes, nnt
Ie iilr Briv. er\.1tH11Q''Jrtfont LA., Such '5 TT NO 34 r'"h aAY 23L, 1878.
7a(nsto 5 cents pet M4111litt. i i
Professional Cards.
4f. L CUb'*I. I1*.1 l,
ATTORNE Al'T I,.I IV.
St. Denis Street, Natchitoches, La.
I practe in the Courts ot Natchitocl'es.
WV ine. leSot an'd Red River and in the
gSoptee Court of thel State.
'Ul. ET. tr~aolý.
(5uecessor to JACK & I'IEsL OX)
AttorneY and Counselor at Lacr
NATCHIITOCIIES, LA.
'I1r n~LprPtica in the Courts ot NatchitochiS.
IV Dblne,DSOto Red River, Winn, Raita d's, I
and Granlt,ad In the Supreme Court of the
State. (Claims promptly attended to.
April95 18V'
Wm M. Levy,
7TToRnI EF AT LAf If.
(Igas Resumed the Practice of his Profession.)
WTILL practice ir the Parish and District
VCourts of Natchitoches and Neid River
Supreme Court of Louisiana. United States Di
trict andCircuit Court ot Louisiana and C. S.
;ourt of Claimsu at Washington.
g' Ofice in the Laconte Buihilnig (Ip
Stairs.) A
NA'rTCHI'OCHEll, IA.
May 2t6, I""
J H. CUNNINGHAM.
ýttorut & t outtseor at naw,
St. Denis Street,
Natchitoches, : : : La..
W TILL give pronmpt and personal) :aIt
I 1 tention to all itisiiess entrustied to
his care
Practices in the Iltstricet and Parish
Courts in the Parishes of Natchlitoches,
Red River, DeSoto aand Sabline, anod before
the Supreme Court at Montroe andl Ntew
Orleans. .111 5 78-ly.
JORI It. ROIBERTNO.1',
(Late of New Orleans,)
AFTTORNEY & COUNSELOR AT LAW
('OUSHAT'TA,
BED RIIVER PARISH, LOUISIANA.
Will practice in Couebatta, Natchito
ebese, Manatield, Many, and io every part
of North.west Louisiana. Special atten
tion given to Land cases and Successions.
Jane 9th, 1877-tf.
C.Cusm%. C. F. DRAOUtzT. T. P. CHAPLIN
CAPIN, DRA GUET & CHAPLIN,
Attorneys at Lair,
NATCHITOCIIES, LA.
PRACT1CE in the District Courts of
Natchitoches, Sahine, DeSoto and
Red River and in the Supreme Court of
the State. March 2-ly.
.L.9'L. C. SCdRBOROfJGHI
ATTORNEY IN FACT.
WILL practice in the District and
Parish Courts of Natchitoches,
Wina, Sabine and Grant.
All business intrusted to his care will
ieeive prompt attention.
Ofice with W. H. Jack Esq., Second
Street, Corner Trudeanx, Natchitoches,
La. Dec. e-ly.
J N. B. TUCKER,
Attorney and Counsellor at Law,
OFIFICK
St. Dais trehet, - - Natchioche'z, La.
W ILL practice in the District and Par
ish Courts of Natchitoches, Sabine
Desoto and Red River, and the Supreme
Court of the State.
All business entrusted to his care will
rceive prompt attention. Apr 13-ly
Business Cards.
.. 0. Triohel,
-D)ALER IN-
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD
WARE, BOOTS and SHOES, HATS,
ETC.
Highest cash price paid for Cotton and
Conotry Producnee.
WASHINGTON, ST.,
NATCHITOC1ES, LA.
C. A. BULLARD. N. H. CAMPBIELL
Bullaid & Camphel1,
-DRALMIS IN
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
r., HARDWARE,
And General Merchandise.
Corner PFONT & LAPAThrTI %reet,
N atchtfochea, La.
cashT cs price paid for cotton and
Aik i oduse laah or merechbadise.
a IiWAI.4t,. . M, WAUStLRT
C. lWALMSLEY & CO,
C@R"M PACTORS
IullI C8iI8 IO BCIN EuCT(s.
DllMr St., New Orleanw, La.
SI --iy.
OmUOSChop11
COTon FACTOR
S lIsSION MERCHANT,
F 1o.5 CARONDELET ST.,
,New Orleans.
daI y *Ece Ln-
4 A rmil 4 RdoY aatet, T.R
Miscellaneous.
Is the most genial balsam ever used by
sufferers from pulmonary diseases.
It is comnpo sed of herbal products, which
have a spectfic effeirct on the throat antd
lungs; detaches from the air cells all ir
ritating matter; causes it to be expecto
rated, and at once checks the Inflammation
which produces the cough. A single dose
relieves the most distresslng paroxysm:
soothes nervousness, and enables the suf
ferer to enjoy quniet rest at night. Being a
pleasant cordial, it tones the weak stom- I
ach, and Is specially recommended for
children.
What others say about
Tutt's Expectorant.
Had Asthma Thirty Years.
BAL'twMORS, Flbruarf 3, 14g.
"I have had Asthma thirty years, and never found
a medicine that had such a hapy effect."
W. F. MOGAN, Charles St.
A Child's idea of Merit.
NEW RLEAN, Novmber rr, 1S76.
"Tutt'sExpectorant is a familiar name oin my house.
Ily wife thinks it the best medicine in the world,
and the children say it is *nicer than molass
candy."' NOAH WOODWARD, 101 N. Poydrus St.
"Six, and all Croupy."
"I am the mother of six children; all o them have
been croupy. Without Tutt's Expectorant, I don't
think they could have survived some of the attacka.
It is a mother's blErssing."
MARY STEVENS, Frankfort, Ky.
A Doctor's Advice.
SIn my practice, I advise all families to keep Tutt's
Expectorant, in sudden emergencies, for coughs,
croup,diphtheria, etc."
T. P. ELULIS, M.D., Newark, N. J.
Bold by all druggists. Price $1.00. Office
35 Murray Stredet, New Fork.
"T;HE TREE IS KNON BY ITS FRUIT."
" Tutt'sPills are worth their weightin gold."
REV. I. R. SIMPSON, Louisville, Ky.
"Tutt's Pills ae a ipe lblessing of the nine.
teenthcentury. EV. F. R. OSGD0000, New York.
"I have used Tutt's Pils or torpor of the liver.
They are superior to any medicine for biliary dis.
orders ever made."
I. P. CARR, Attorne at Law, Augusta, Gos.
"I have used Tutt's Tfis ve years in my family.
They are unequa led forcostiveness and biliousness."
F. R. WILSON Georgetown, Texas.
"I have used Tutt's ,T ewith great benefit.
W. W. MANN Editor Mobile Register.
"We sell fifty boxes utt's Pills to five of all
others."--SAYRE & CO. Cartersville, Ga.
"Tutt's Pills have 'Tto be tried to establish
their merits. They wor like magic."
W. H. BARRON Summer St., Boston.
" There is no medicine so well adapted to the cure
of bilious disorders as Tult's Pills."
JOS. BRUMMEL, Richmond, Virginia.
AND A TI D MORE.
Bold bD drugists. cents a bon. 0
3 urray Street, NewSO York.
TUTT'S HAIR DYE
zNDO8RSED
HIGH TESTIMONY.
FROMV THE PACIFIC JOURNAL.
OAIREATI VENT VYr
has been Aade byIR . VsTTr o w York,
which restores vouthiul hbeauty to the hair.
That eminent chemist has sneceedled In
prodaucing a Hair Dye which imitates
nature to perfection. 01d bachelors may
now rejoice."
Priee $1.00. Ofice 88 Murray Bb,
New York. Sold by all druggists.
A Mystery Solved.
T'lie Greatest Medical Tr.i'emph of
Modern TimeR ! The Mlysterious
('lean nel of Disease Discovered,
and a C(etain C'u'e Pr'or'i
dcii. The Stomnele,
Liver, (and Bor'els
tke (kenie oJ'
1)iseaise.
PARSO\'S I1lIGWIlV PILLS,
The Usent Anti-Billions Remedy and
Miansatic Dissolver.
PARSON'S
PURGATIVE PiLLS
Are the result of long-continued Scion
tific investigation, and are Warranted to
cure all diseases originating in the'
Stomach, Liver, and Bowels. No grip
ing pains follow the use of these Pills,
unless the Bowels are iunlamed; but Re
lief, Imemendiate Relief, may be relied
upon. As a Common Family Physic
PARSON'S
PUR GATIVE PILLS
Stand unequaled before the world to-day.
By varying the dose according to direc
tions Parsons' Purgative Pills effectually
Pnrify the Blood and greatly alleviate,
if not entlrel' cure Dyspepsia, Scrof'ula
or King's Evil, Rose, Erysipelas or St.
Anthony's Fire, Eruptions, and Eruptive
Diseass oTf the $kin, Salt Rbeum. Tet
ter, Ringworni, Sores, Boils, Tumors,
Morbid Swellings, Ulcerations, Pimples
and Blotches.
EVERY BOI WARRANTED.
Most Complete Satisfaction Guaranteed
or No Pay,
Full directions around each box.
Physi I~not suipplied bv mail, post-paid,
for S250 per thousand, in balk, cash in
advance. We will send these Pills to
any reliable druggist dr mercliat to sell
on commission. Agents wanted every
where.
1. S. JOHNSON & CO,
8RANCO, MAINE, Proprictors.
June 2a3'ly
THE CONFEDERATE SOLI)IER.
What Cangressman Waddell Had to
Say About 11Him to His Union Brethren.
Northern Veterans listening i with Pleas
ur,-e to the Story of their (uGallant
IWhilomn Foe.
[From New York World, 4tht.]
Steinway Hall was about half filled I
by the andienice that assembled last a
night to hear Mr. Waddell's lecture on t
"The Confederate soldier." The plat
form was decorated with the tattered
battle flags of the old Forty-seven
Regiment. On the left of the speak- t
er's desk was a large basket of cut
tidwers. As the lecturer ascended the
platfformr the band began to play
"D)ixie" Among the well known per
sons on the platform were ex.Goyer
inolr Hoff nan, Mayor Ely, Gen. Wm.
F. Smith, Gen. Viele, Gen. Thos. E.
Stuart and Major Gen. Kirkland, of I
the Confederate Army. The lecturer
was introduced by Mr. Jos. WV. Park
ker, the President of the Veteran
('or'ps of the Forty-seventh. Mr.
VWaddell is of short stature, with a
fall heard, sunburnt complexion, blue
eves anId dark hair and speaks in an
easy and graceful manner. An ex
tract of his lecture is aits follows:
Solliers of the IUnion, my Friefnds
and111 Countnrmen: The man who could
without misgivings occupy thie posi
tion assigned me this evening would
be inideed unenviable. I frankly con
fess that this is to me the most try
iug, as it is one of the most gratify
ing, occasions in my experience. You
asked me to select as my theme this
evening "The Confedetato Soldier,"
and the deed was as manly and gen
erous in you as it was acceptable to
me and to all those who once bore
that name. He assured that it has
for them, as it should have for others,
a significance which could never at
tach to any ordinary invitation. It
is welcomed as a good omen of better
day to come, as the dawning of a
new era which can no longer be
postponed. Now and then, but less
and less frequently, d(emagogues, for
sinister purposes, nmake spasmodic ef
forts to rekindle the dying embers of
our late contflagration, but public sen
timent condemns all such efforts, and
they will soon cease altogether. It
has been carried on both sides
principally by men who, whatever
else they may have shed, did not spill
an alarnming quantity of blood during
the war, and are not recognized by
their countrymen as heroes of the
civil strife, by their countrymen as
heroes of the civil strife, but who il
lustrate the prophetic witticism of
General Scott, that after thle tight
ing was all over the great diffiulty
would be in reconciling the non com
batants. Let them continue to afford
amusement now, as thley excited our
contempt then. The Union will
probably survive it if the political
career of the wordy warriors does not.
The Confederate soldier and the
male citizen of the Confederate States
were nearly absolutely synonymous
terms. In no other country, with such
population and territory, was there
ever such an approximation to uni
versal sodierhood as were exhibited
there. No other government was
ever charged with "robbing the cra
dle and the grave" to recruit its melt
ing amies. In tihe good old conserva
tive State in which I live-and which
was so averse to the conflict before
it was begun-the number of soldiers
exceeded the number of votere by
6,000, a fact which, I believe, is
without a parallel.
There have been, and still are, very
erroneous ideas as to tIle motives
which influenced these men to take
up aris. Among tiem was the no
tion that they were at heart opposed
to the form of government under
which they lived and longed for a
mlore aristocratic form. The best
answer to this is to be found in the
fact that they adopted the Constitu
tion of the United States almost ver
batim, only incorporating into it a
clearer statement of the relative
rights of the States and the general
government, and fixing the term of
the Executive at six years and de
claring his ineligibility to a second
term. A more common but equally
erroneous, idea was that they were
inspired by a fanatical love of tihe in
stitution of slavery, and were deter
mined to risk everything, their lives
and fortunes, to perpetuate it and
great stress was laid upon the utter
ance attributed to a distinguished
Georgian, but which was a gross mis
representation, tlhat the new govern
meut was to be founded upon slavery
as it corner stone. Yet only a small
portion of the people of the South
owned slaves, and I assert here now,
as a fact which no Southern man will
deny, that no one man in one hundred
living there at that time, and ppr
Ihaps not one in a thousand, would
have shed one drop of his blood simp
ly to save that Institution.
I was "a good old rebel," and would
despise myself if I ever denied or
apologized for it before a Northern
audience. I am only illustrating a
sentiment which prevailed to a large
extent in my State at that time and
endeavoring to prove to you that
slavery was not what the people of
the South foughtfor. I recollect very
well that one accentric old gentle
man, who was very umuch depressed
by the turn which events had taken,
gravely informed me in the spring of
1861, in a discussion as to the causes
of the war, that in his opinion, if the
truth should ever be knowO, a woman
would be found at the bottom of the
trouble, for, he said, every greatstrug
gle, from -the siege of Troy to the
present day, had originated from that
cause. The old gentleman imay have
been wrong, but whether one of the
sex set the ball in motion or not, it is
very certain that they kept it. rolling
aighs lively after t started.' -
No, my friends, the Cohfederate
- soldier did not leave his fireside and
those who were dear as life to bhi to
go out and fight for four lbg, weary,
terrible years for any of these things.
I never heard the Confederate soldier
whine over his fate. Profanity may
sometinies have disturbed the atmos
phere a little, but it was never made
sickning by any such infusion as that.
The grand woods of Robert E. Lee to t
the surreLdered remnant of his splen t
did army, "Human viitue should be
equal to human Znlamity," touched
the heart of the Southeirn people, I
and, as the blast of a Bessemer fur
nace transforms the softened metal,
steeled it against adversity. They
went to work with the same spirit
which animated them during the war,
exhibiting a recuperative power at
which you were amazed, and their
country, then utterly ldesolate, smiled
again with bounteons harvests, and,
despite every obstacle, has steadily
advanced towards prosperity and
power. In this material development
of that portion of your country I
know you have rejoiced, and many
are the hard-fisted ex-Confederates
who have been cheered and assisted
by their former enemies in their
struggle with adverse fortune since
the war.
'there was one peculiarity about
the Confederate army of which
mention is seldom made, but
which was very significant. It was
almost entirely without antlers. Still
it managed to get along, and even to
win battles. There was great anxie
ty among the boys, in the absence of
their own, to get acquainted with
some of yours, but it was very rare
that they succeed, for the gentlemen
sought after were distant in their
manners and didn't seeni to desire
any new acquaintances. We didn't
have any for very good reasons. In
the first place there were hardly sut
lers' stores enough in the country to
stock a hand cart, and, if there had
been, the inducement to speculate was
insufalicient, for nobody hankered af
ter Confederate money, which was
the only currency; and then when
pay-day came, which occurred semi
occasionally, if a man wanted to buy
anything hie found that it would
bankrupt his entire company to do it.
You remember bow disgusted you
used to be when you captured one of
our commissary wagons. As to
clothing, the man who was caught
with a "biled" shirt on didn't fare as
well as a "bloated bondholder" in a
greenback campaign or a door-keep
er in the present Congress. Never
theless, a sutler is frequently a bene
tactor, and I should be grossly lack
ing in gratitude if I failed to express,
on behalf of the Confederate soldier
the pleasurable emotions which the
recollection of those you had always
excites in his heart. They are among
the sweetest memories of the war.
Soldiers of the Union ! I would not
only by guilty of a churlish neglect of
duty and courtesy, but would do vio
lence to my own feelings if I permit
ted this opportunity to pass without
attempting to pay to the brave men
who battled for the supremacy of the
national authority the tribute of res
pect and admiration which' the Con
federate soldier entertains towards
them. He knows what motives in
fluenced them. He fully appreciates
the patriotic spirit which inspired
them. He, better than all others, can
sympathize with them in all the mem
ories which the war recalls. He knows
more fully than all others how splen
didly they fought, how patiently they
suffered and how completely they
triumphed. Conscious of his own
prowess, ihe willingly acknowledges
theirs, and will never consent to see
them deprived of a single laurel or
denied a full recognition of their ser
vices. He will vote, as he has done,
to pay the living and the widows and
orphans of the dead the last farthing
which may be justly claimed in their
behalf. He will seek no exemption
from this charge, and will ask no
participalion in its benefits.
No; the maimed Confederate sol
dier will cheerfully contribute to the
pension fund which gives food and
raiment to the maimed Union soldier
or his family, and will never ask to
participate with them therein. He
knows that common sense forbids the
consideration of such a proposition,
and, therefore, it has never occupied
his attention for a moment. The
restoration of his rights as an Ameri
can citizen-and chief among them
the right of local self governmen
whrch he eojoys-flls the measure o
his expectations if not of his desires,
and his only ambition now is to con
tinue in their enjoyment, and to bring
back from its long exile the banished
spirit of material progress and en*
throne it permanently in his country.
His destiny, uoder God, is in his own
hands, and it is safe. Henceforward
he will stand by your side in every
ifort to advance the honor and wel
fare, to erect again the prostrate in
dostries and restore the commercial
power, of the great republic. What
other aspiration can he have ? What
possible inducement could be offered
to him to act otherwise? He is your
fellow-citizen, living in the enjoy
ment of the same rights and privi
leges accorded to every inhabitant of
this free land, and resting secure be
meath the protecting folds of that
glorious standard whose crimson
stripes were painted with the life
blood of his fathers and yonrs; and
whenever in the future it sall be un
furled in war the Confederate soldier
will be found beneath it, ready to
give his life in its defense. If such
occasion should ever occur I think the
boys in blue would hardly object to
touch elbows with him, and would
rather enjoy the "old rebel yell" he
would raise.
After the lecture Senator Waddell
wa asset-esaded as the Uuioan 8qnare
Hotel, where he is stopping. Several
rounds of cheers froulghte assemblage
I. brought him out on the balcony, and,
in a few words thanked the serena
ders for their cordiality.
A book agent was killed at Leavse
m orth yesterday. The mills of the gods
grind slowly.
THE INVESTIGATION,
Fraud to be Fastened.
On the 13th instant, Mr. Clarkson
N. Potter, Democrat of New York,E
introduced in the House of Represen
tatives the following Preamble and
Resolution, which, after being resisted
by the solid Republican vote for fivei
days was finally passed on the 17th
inst:
"Whereas. The State of Maryland
has by its Legislature formally de
cBnred that due effect was not given
to the Electoral vote cast by that
State on the 6th of December, 1876,
by reason of trandulent returns in the
Electoral votes in the States of Flori
da and Louisiana; and,
"Whereas, An atlidavit by Samuel
B. McLin, Chairman of the Board of
State canvassers of the State of Flori
da, on the election held in that State
in November, 1876, for Electors of
President and Vice-President, has
been made 4nblic, alleging false and
faudulent returns for votes for such
election in thate State, whereby the
choice of the people of that State was
annulled and reversed, and that the
action of the Board of State Canvas
sers in making such returns was in
tluenced by the conduct and promises
of the Hon. Edward F. Noyes, now
Minister to the Governmentof France;
and,
"Whereas, It is alleged that a con
spiracy existed in the State of Lon:
isiana, whereby the Republican vote
in East Feliciana and in some pre
cincts of West Feliciana, at the gene
ral election in November, 1876, was
purposely withheld from the polls to
afford a pretext for the exclusion by
the Returning Board of that State of
tile vote cast in those precincts for
the Electors of President and Vice
President, and that Jas. E. Anderson,
the Supervisor of Registration at East
Feliciana, and A. A. Weber, Super
visor of Registration in the Parish of
West Feliciana in that State, in fur
therance of that conspiracy falsely
protested that the election in such
precincts had not been fair and free,
and that the State Returning Board
thereupon falsely and fraudulently
excluded the votes of said precincts,
and by means thereof, and of other
false and faudulent action by said
Board, the choice of the people of
that State was annulled and reversed,
and that such action of said Weber
and Anderson was induced or ohncour
aged by the assurances of the Hon.
John Sherman, Secretary of the Trea
sury of the United States.
"Whereas, The gravity of these
charges, the nature of the evidence
upon which they are reported to be
based and the official dignity and
position of the persons named in conD
nection with said frands, make it pro
per that the same should be inquired
into to the end that the bonor of the
nation may be vindicated and the
truth as to such elections made known.
Therefore, be it
"Resolved, That a select committee,
consisting of eleven members of this
House, be appointed to enquire into
the aforesaid allegation as to the con
duct of the persons in office aforesaid
in respect to the said election, and
into the alleged false and fraudulent
canvass and return of votes by the
State, county, parish and precint of
ficers in the said States of Louisiana
and Florida, and into all facts which,
in the judgment of said committee,
are connected with or pertinent there
to, and that said committee, for the
purpose of executing this resolution,
shall have pdwer to send for persons
and papers, to administer oaths and
to take testimony, and in their dis
cretion to detail sub-committees with
like full authority of said committee
every particular and with power to
sit in Florida and Louisiana, which
sub-committees shall be committees
of the House, and the Chairman there
of shall be authotized to administer
oaths; that said committee and sub
committee may employ stenographers
and be attended each by a Deputy
Sergeant-at-Arms, and may sit du
ring the sessions of this House and
duriug vacation, and said committee
proceed in this inquiry and have
leave to report at any time."
SECOND INVESTIGATION.
The Resolation Adopted.
SHARP TALK AND WARLIKE.
Washington, May 17.-House-The
long protracted struggle in the house
over Potter's resohigon for a select
committee of 11 to investigate alleged
presidential frands in Florida and
Louisiana resulted in a victory for the
Democrats and in the adqption of the
resolution. Democratic members who
I had been absent or paired on Monday
last when the resolution was offered,
had been since then called to the city
i or had given notice of the termiina
tion of their pairs, and to-day there
were present in the house, free from
- entangling alliance, 148 Democratic
F members, including the speaker. Af
ter various preliminary movements,
comprising a call of the house, the
closing of the door., the issuing of
warrants for absentees, none of whom
I were in the city, etc., a tlnal vote was
taken on the adoption of the pream
ble and resolution. Not a single Re
publican member had lil iote record
ed, aid but two Democratic members,
Mills, of Texas, and Morse, of Massa
chosetts, voted in the negative. The
I affirmative vote was 145 and the pre
r amble and resolution were declared
adopted. There was a good deal of
I confusion, uproar and excitement
s throughout the lobby, but no demon
I strations attended the anouncement
of tIre result.
Mr. Stephens 41d not vote, as he
was paired. An incident occurred
over the question of pairs, which at
one time threatened to be serious.
t Goode, of Virginia, had beeni paired
a with Loring, of Massachusetts, woie
was in the city, bat sick, and whea
Goode stated tile fact that he had
given notice to Mr. Loring of termi
nation of pair, anti that under the
circumstances he felt it his duty to .
vote, a sneering remark that "it was
simply a question of honor," was
made by Conger, of Michigan. Goode
retorted with a strong feeling of in- d
dignation that lie would take cate of
his own honor, and that if Conger as- r
sailed it hle (Goode) would hold him
to a personal responsibility. d
The response was landly applauded d
on the Democratic side and was re
ceived with jeers and contemptuous
laughter on the Republican side,
Conger remarking sarcastically that
Goode's threat ws making him trem-s
ble in his' boots.
Goode's remark was objected to by
Hale, of Maine, as being unparlia
mentary, but the speaker decided that
the first offence had been given by Con- n
gelr, and that it would be as reason
able to expect a child not to hollow
when struck as to expect a man not
to resent an insult. The speak
er's ruling gave intense satisfaction to i
the Demociatic side and correspond
ing displeasure to the Republicans. I
Mr. Potter, of New York, will be
chairman of the select committee. It c
is understood that as soon as possi- d
ble after its organization, sub conº
mittees will be appointed and wille
proceed to Florida and Louisiana. It e
is expected Springer, of Illinois, will
be a member of the committee and
probably chairman of the Florida r
sub committee. It is probable the r
Republicans will to-morrow offer a r
resolution to extend the investigation
to Oregon, Mississippi, South Caro- r
lina, and other States. a
Collapse of the Detroit Scandal. c
(From Cleveland Leader.) Q
The reaction in public sentiment at t
Detroit over the McCoskry scandal is n
complete and overwhelming. It is a
now known that the letter upon whlich
the charge against the venerable Bish- a
op were based are of two classes, the
real and the forged ones. The first
class includes four, which are now in 1
the safe of tile First National Bank in a
that City. They are said by a cor- r
respondent who has seen them to be "
''letters such as any Christian gentle t
man, especialy a clergyman, might I
write to a young female ward-letters
of advice, counsel and instruction."
The indecent letters, on the other
band, are plainly the work of another
hand. They bear no signature except I
a hieroglyphic cipher, and their lang
uage is coarse, misspelled and vulgar,
as different as possible from the chaste,
scholarly manuscript of the Bishop,
as shown in the genuine letters, An
other fact is of great weight as point- I
ing out the real anther of the scandal. I
McConnel, die printer who professes I
to have stolen the letters from Fannie '
Richards while courting her, has a
certain aptness in drawing. The forg-t
ed letters are interlarded with inde
cent drawings in pen and pencil, just I
such sketcher as McConnel has been c
frequently known to make, but which I
Bishop McCoskry could not miake if 0
he had wished to. All this, with the '
prompt and honestly indignant denial '
of Mrs. Bennister and McCoskry, ought
it would seem, to constitute anso im
pregnatable case, without further ex
amination or trial. The obvious fact
is that a lowbred, sour-minded veain
ptole a few harmless letters from a girl I
whom he was courting, wrote some
other ones and made up a prurieot
sensation for the dirty newspaper I
market. He offered his filth to the
New York: herald and other papers, I
but could find no purchaser until ,
he encountered the Chicago Times. I
How much ti'at journal paid for this I
last privilege of making a fool of it- I
self and spreading a reeking lieble, no
one probably except the parties to the
bargains knows or cares. The Times
account made it appear that its corres
pondant, sent ostensibly from Chi
cago, had seen the letter on which the
story was based. If they did so and
are men of even average intelligence
they must have seen that the indecent
letters were forgeries-at least writ
ten in a different hand-writing from
from the others. If they saw this they
must have walked into the enterprise
consciously and with open eyes. If
not, there should be some means of
teaching them and Mr. Storey better
discretion. Here would seeqi to be a
case in which to test the question
whether a man or woman of blame
less life has or has not any protecton
against tile class of newspapers which,
deliberately and wantonly prey upon
private character.
Morgan's Ballroad.
General Sypher argued at great
length before tile Senate Committee,
on public lands as to the mnatter of
reliwfof Morgan's Louisiana and Texas
railroad. He claimed the road had re
ceived no-benefts from the land grant
made by Congress in 185I, and the
lists made ready by the Government
were erroneous. All lands adjacent
to eighty miles of constructed road,
between New Orleans and Morgan's
City, were swamp lauds and inured
to the State under swamp land grant
of 1849. The railroad was finished to
Morgan City in 1857 before the lands
under the grant of1856 were available,
that tIle road cannot be held as a land
grant road, and the Government is
obligated in law and equity to pay
transportation for Government troops
and property, and the Supreme Comr
has so decided in several cases.
The proposition to introduce moffet
bell punch in St. Louis was popular
there until the statement was made that
it would diminish the number of saloone.
That killed it dead.- Chicago Times.
Linderman's eagle recalls the conver
t sation at the show: Danghter-"Law, ma
look at that hesgle.Y Mother---"Vy, you
hl lgnorant gall, it's a howl." Shownman,
o politely-"Azes parding, mam, bet ft's
Ija b'awk."
Order of Burlars.
[New Orleans I)enicurat.
The papers, some tOdays na'. Ith
lished a curious stori of the. arrest i a
Scotland of a inumbter of youeg tlit s
who had banded themselves tte'tlithr
in a league entitled "'T'he wntled ir
der of Burglars." 'l'he'y haid luion
carried away by the wild, welrd :st4l
ries of highwaymen they had i-Ail in
the various boy's pictor ials aIId hurad
determined on a life of crinme. T1'h
went about it in an' eotremelv pi a'
tical and business likl miarnnt.r; A.
regular contract, it was tfo;nil, hail
been drawn up, by which all tIhe
members of the order p1 i'tId1 tin( -
selves to a life of bnrghla :iv d e i,1d
way robbery; books wets prov'itlel,
in which full accounts of tlhe owpera
tious of the gang wero kept, eaeli
member being credited iiit h tit'
money or goods stolen by lin.
The story told by MajItor Tones,
commender of the Texas a:ngiers,
who has just been investi uting tihe
late mail robberies in Not thlt ln TIxas,
is almost as strange as lthat ofi thu
"Order of Burglars." Mhjor Jones
has discovered the men engagedl in
these robberies to be lies, Spots
wood, Jackson, Banttes, Jolhnson, I'n
derwood, Pipes and Hlernd ii. 1tIss
is really the chief and leader in the
enterprise, the others being mere em
ployees of his. Having auias,'ed ,1'iite
a large sumni of money by his I;unrae
robberies, Bass seems to l;uve c11
ceived the idea of going into the tl ain
robbery business on the wholestle.
He accordingly engaged the pt Iher
men for this business oavinig Iltom
regular salaries, and paying as iill
all the other expenses of the enter
prise, he taking in return all the
chances and the swag. In tie, he
went into these lobberies' in a most;
businesslike way, supplying all tie
necessary capital and employing quite
a number of men in it.
Major Jones thinks that Bass is an
old hand at the business, and a;tri
butes to him the robbery of the IortL
Worth stage last year. The iang'ers
have pretty well probed the mystery
of these train robberies, and have :al
ready arrested four of the lirincipals
and five of the accessories engaged in
them. They hope to secure the whole
gang in a very short while.
CONKHLING AND LOUISIANA.
Doewncents and Telegrams Convince
Him that the State Was (:Cor
raptly Given to.tayes.
J. F. Mines in N. Y. World.
At the time that Senator Conlking lirst
freed his mind to his friends in Utica in
regard to the Louisiana I'msiniess, the
had every reason to believe that le'
would soon speak on the subject in the
Senate-as some of them kinow fro p his
own month. His failure to spiik hlis
been a grievous disappointtined'to t-u t.
He said, "It mutst 0o01ne10 t0, aual hLtore
long." The uien to whom. Tie ga Ne the
credit of managing the' 'niTured kri;iat
fraud there were Stanley MuAltiLuw and
John Sherman-thQ lattor bejug tAeolittil
with having the longer hoad ant thi'
more canning: There wat a deliear;ate
ness and earnestness in his mnode of
speaking in regard to the electoralJ frtnds,
there, of the "nsurpatiob" of tlti'ek. and
the "corrupt bargamn" with Nicholls b
which Pack rd was "driven :out, at tihe
muzzle of Confederate guns,'' thalt itn
pressed me so much with the trti'thi of his
convictions as to make me a firm bolit'v
er inis story. I said, 'Senuati, is t l;'iu
any possibility of Mr. Hayesliaibn.' been
kept in ignorance ofthe Atl~pth hart
taken for a frauduleut count, anti that
he may not have been a party to any
wrong proceedings !" After tleliteratitem
he said: "I am afraid there is' nto r'itttll
for do;bt. The people who went itowli
there in his behalf were phrttisttuiillY it",
closely connected with hitn o pnrntlt
any other theory except that he was cog
nizant. of all that took place. I think that
when the datter comes to he talen tiop
and the evidence it produced, it will lit
shown that Hayes is not merely w,-ak,
but corrupt as well." Hfe poke of t lit
rewards that had been *l.reap~h1 4 thiet
President upon the men who as~istdi in
the Louisiana businesa, as sbowing 1t1h
hp was not merely an accessory after
ward but befor6 the fact. And I cernial
ly could Lnderstand nothing else fIonI
his remarks subsequently. btt tIhat lie
was in possession of inmporttm;it doeiinn'n
F tary proofs bronght from New Orlt':uns
? and of telegrams that laul passed hetwep''
Washington and. Columibus while the
matter was in agitation. '1'Thre was ii"
question in my mind that lie had :ill t h
proof necessary to speak, and hence tIhe
wonder that he delayed. T''hw Utica lit'
prbliaan spoke boldly on this pdlit, as
its eolemus will show, believingit 'hail
sunieont basis for all it should say. Its
instructions were to assail tbo amlmniiis
trdttin on this point, as it (tlet tInamiii
intration) deserved and should receive no
quarter. Certainly this wouli notint have
been done by an experienced neiews'papler
editor ithe Dad belhtveld he. was to, Ito
made ridionlone by being left ute$upplor't
ed in the time to come. Tihe Rejtmublitlcaut
was distinguished for the bittsrness it'
its attacks onPthe President, :tnd for its
'ting that all that Wm. F. (Chamnlle'
had said was true, and mcore ; and its
t course in this respect met the hearty: ap
t proval of the Senator in whose behmdlf it.
claimed to speak. This 'was said alike
' by his trindsa here and in Washingt on,
and without any hesitation. mI or last.
conversation I asked -hin if the paper
was right in following up the imiatter a;id
Sattacksng the administration, anti h,
5 praised its . eonrse and saiu that time
*, would prove it to be correct.
Cleveland Plaiodealer : The Repub
I licanpapers are divided pretty evenly in
Ohio as to the question of indorsing the
admninlstration at their state cunventiin.
They will especially attempt to dodge thu
Florida frand.
r An Indiana lecturer remarks tbhat
tt "the polsate wave which oscillates tlhe
S. earth's ecliptic brings to us the wonder -
fol vigor of spring." This is not giving a
fair count to sassafras tea.
ia So far as we can judge from Mr. Mor.
at gaP's earcastiowork on the new dollar, an
D, Englishman's idea of the American eaage
Ps 'is pretty mueh the same as a Russian's
idea of the British lion.