,a 'ei CrcnlatiOut #4I d4uY
cO derv Paper In the State.
eae of Subscription..
00e Year .............. ...'
N, *Ubseripti) 11 tatliii ,i Ia iý thanI
gMoths.
14 1
- 1 1
gJpeýta Notiee.-(Ca\i1 Brav.LHy , of
Qet (, pIr'+l" 6 th 41 1ý an nri Ht
gib, an' all e(,ltlart' ta III 1, bluuu will
be fully ratified "I'll i'itiiiý'' riit liy tus
. .Pressley anal4 .1. II. Caliwell, are I
ou~r uri'fl for Malim
pARW1ý :1\N ) c 'll\ NI WS.I
lool nights anti uln(nnligs.
Rains on MontsdIy a iiT'l'uesday.
'rlhe l)ewherry It~rigatsi are Nlaily seent
upon our strPeets.
qlEIY: 'Why will tmn smoke corn
anon tobacco, whein thely can buy Mar
burg Bros. 'Sea!it! o , orth t( roliItu,' at
the samrie price ' Feb : '74-1v.
BartAble was tilp on ht'r usial day
with a good trip.
The Detroit Ficre I'Pres elases whaleu oil
I the 'beantiful le' of the sea."
SHESTER WfillTES, S(0W 1'11:S 1'U1;
breeding putipulses. Apply to
April 20-It .I. C. TI1Cl1f LL.
Few items of ilnterest aire available for
yeloeal-hlence tlhe dearth otf local newI.
Mr. Antilly presented is with a line
sample of new li ishl pItatois froth his
gaIen1 opposite this city.
In behall f til te Editori we retitn
thanks to the gentlemen who honoted
hin withI a serenade onl last Wdtnesday
night.
Me Caok & ho. is still receiving at
fll line of alnl styles of go tisº it low
er prices and tito sit the times.
The West intendlls to st ick to "cow bitt
tsr" '"ltiter," she saYs, "to Ieatr the
ills we have than fly to other's that we
know not of." -Wicn-ester Press.
The Editor left for New Orleans, on
Thursdaly last. to represenlt Natchitoches
perish in the Democratic State 'Central
Comnmittee. whichl mineets in that city,
May lat.
A fall line of all grade goods at re
duced prices at McCook & lBro.
An enquirer nasks, ''"If there is not an
Ordinance prohihiting stock, with bells
on, from rmaning at large wirhin the- cor
poratelimita't" We think there is such
an Ordinance.
We learn from the Shreveport Times of
the 24th, that Governor Nicholls has
signed the death warrants of Porter
Brown and Isaihi Evans, of the parishes
of Sabine and 'Tangipaho. Executions to
take place May 10th.
"Who," said Mr. Peter Mitchell. a mem
ber of the Canadian Halose of Coitnnons,
tothe elembers whlo i ero trying by in
terruptions to choke him oils, ' who bray
al there f" "It nwais an echo," retorted a
member, amid a yell of delight.
Bnuggies and Wagons for sale at re
ince prices at McCook & Bro.
Hoan: VARIETY TROUPa.-Preparat ions
are being made by this organiization to
give a Minstrel performance, in a short
time. We are not posted as to the ex
act time when the perforinance will take
place, but due notice thereof will be giv
en through these columns.
125 SACKS Texas RuIst Proof Oats
11 jnst received at McCook & Bro.
One of the greatest pedestrian feats on
lhcorid was accomplished in this city yes.
thrday. An old toper passed i saloon
Shithout. walking in.--Philadelphia Chron
Stle.
~ While a wait was eating a piece of pie
~at a Whitehall restaurant, be found -faiult
tbecnse he disicrvered a piece of rusty
hike in it. Hot then, what kind of a pie
mould he expect withont pike rust ?
Whitehall Times.
Make homne happy by buying a &mily
)ttof patent broom and scrub broom
msbined, at McCook & rim.
A Consolation-Inehriate - "Now, look
hre; what I shay is, what's the use o'
loehese 8'pose aman's a Roth-you
know a Rothecbild be nk, oh I Well,
what's the good of itt He can't get any
a 3eO dreak than I can-now can he f"
A OC PLOWS, ditflerent Atvles and
te make at McCook & Bro.
The license payers of this parish have
hast remiss in their dnties, perhaps ow
lug to the hard times, -Up to this wri
htig, very few have pad their licenses,
i the law is tiImperative that it should
!ot wagons at reduced prices
at McCook& A Bro.
The "good old days" have evidently
Piubhe;itakft ew indnlged in the pas
time of egg tucking on last Sunday, Eas
teL ItrS Sfeel saad when we think
how al Shhe. eierished custom. are be
ani MetS Puaed in the breach than in
the olasgr Tsame.
GotoileCook & Bro. for planta
tie. supplies, e,
eit week the VlwmIuoToR Will con
a carefully written account of the
Sluibaed duel which occurred in 1838,
Oseaeals oeesier and sinmnie of
pibsh. Parties wisbing estracopies
Vi paper had better notify this ofiee
Mkeuaday of next week.
i eqftbh mat convenient articles for
Is thed 'atent Shade, owned and
uteiwely by KeCook & Ero. Cill
ash It.
Wo LAlrt-Agomall lot genuine
'a eotton sed for sale by Me.
UBro.,
Mr. F. D Millet, an American, was the b
only correspondent who went through I,
the Balkans with Gen. Gourko. The
Czar presenlted himn with the decoration t
of St. Ann, whichll is tIie highest: decora
lion giveni to any corresllllldenit.-Frt.ee h
l'ri s. 1l
A mistake. 1We saw a newspaper cor- si
respoldellnt *ldecorat'ed" with a 11)nmp over w
1 dc , mia that w'as Milne lyver twasn't <1
it. tl
1)1ur 'litc':elrs Iv 1,re out in force on last oi
Saturday, with their druinis au11( viols andI C
gay-garland decked stall-tid beeves, that ci
fairly made our muout hs water in antici- 0o
pation of tootlhsome roasts and juicy If
steaks. Kahn didt not forget the Vlxir- ti
CAToII man, for hie sent nu as fine a;I cIt of st
beef ,s it has ever been our good fortiune cl
to enjoy. LeiPanlnier we know didl not p
intentionalilly overlook us.
CT
SI'E:istON.AI..-Our friend Dr. .1. H. ('nin
- iin gha n retuIrned home, tfrom a short
II
visit to New Orleans, on the hIart Able. ri
Mr. Woodson }totehr was in town du- el
hrin the wiek,
Mr. Crawford Pre-,lcy and lev. J. 31.1.
l'rtanlklin, honored the iN mon' Tronl by a
Svisit. ii
'Tii NK K.-Ol r old friend .1. C. Fellows
1"a41., piresinlted ls w ith a splendid fil ial'- it
ter of Iat mution iipon whicli we tooth- t'
fully tapheed ott Lient. Mr. Fello's has i
i the letr of flatted hIiog. shaefi andh eat tIe. '1
and he is one of ouir eiliterprisilg firrmers
vwhosexlallnI' llour youbIIlrl Ifilel nwould
Sdo well to follow. t
t (rrrixo Armllt.-- It ves, a stranger I
0
ill this puarisil from Texts, ilt Z. w1ash- (
burn, a citizen of Ward G. with a kniaf, p
on Tllesdaly morning. It seems that r
R eeves and WashlllurnD were engaged in
the heef busiunesi together, and e)fuarreled
over a settlement. Reports that reach us
indicaite tlhat thle wouiIlls received lby
Washhlul n are fttal.
Since writing; the above we learn that ft
Mi. Waslhbullrn dietd from the wounds re- t
eiived tron Reeves. The murderer has
tied.
The Rm\. J. M. Franklin has heel) lp- 1
pointedtl Colporteurl of tile "Sollthern Me
th(,dist Hook Cioncern:" l and1 desires us to
state that Ihe is very anxious to place Bi
bIles, and religions books, in the hands of I
all those whio may desire tlhem. Rev. MIr.
Ii lanklin will visit this, and surrounding! a
i atrishis, for the apurpose of disposing of
his Billies and we trust he will meet
with sucre s.
' We had the plefasure of mleetilng Mr. I1
e P. llutciisoiin, Editor asd proprietolr of the
Southrot of Sabint, aI lnew candidate for
n popular ftvor in the journalistic field.
s MIr. Ilutchlison nmet withl sancess among
d our advertisers and we feel assured they
w, will be much benefitted by it. We wish
the Siuthron everyv success, and welcome I
it ais a valuable adjllnct to Denmocralcy.
rThe following list of, marriage licenises
n were furnished us by Mr. W. H. Tunnard
Is District Clerk:
r William RI ssll and Miss Jane Martin.
It Frank Samudreaux " Anmelia King.
Angustus W Gomys " Julia Merity.
Vincent Smallwood ' sannna Hazel.
SThos. J Nelson ' Madeline Baker. t
William Mayor " Hattie Dickson.
r(ustave Rachal " Marie A Rachal.
FR Walker " VB Tllompsou.
to .1 W Smitil ' M E Fleming.
Florellce Tiichlel " Prudence Alermiun
D- Wm. Armstrong " Augustine Pegg.
6 Aaron Sanders *' Zelina Jauvier,
1- Jas N R binfiu " AnmbrosineLafitte
Our farmers are pleased thls far with
a
crop prospects. Cotton and corn is com
ing lp beautifnlly, while the acreage in
e- grain this year is much larger than last.
Oats, of thae rust proof variety, is attract
as ing noch l attention, and since the "hog
to qIuestiol'' is being disclussed our friend
rt J. II. Hill will receive ntlluc attention its
S. he is the pioneer "Clhufa" clltivator of
ke this parish.
'- Stock, and of 1ine variety, is attracting
layge attelntion. We note that tine Berk
ts shire hlogs, Soutlldown and Cotswold
'o. sheep are being now delivered, inder or
iders, to several of our enterprising farm
ors. Miesrs. S. W. Kile, H. B. Walnsley,
on L. Casjutri, andt others are aiding this
n , country lfateriially by adding tine blood.
ed sheep to their native flocks. Mr. Jos.
Henry has been breeding Berkshire hogs
foir several years with nmarked success.
*hlt Mr. J. P. IBroadwell has the Polen China
3ty breed, as htis also Mr. Prudhomme tiand
ne Col. Levy, while Mr. J. Alph. Prudhonune
! has introduced from Kentucky the pure
Durham stock of cattle. Now do we be
ily gin to feel that our farmers have at last
>m adopted the wise policy,
DEIOCRACY MOVING.
ok
o' Meeting of the Denmocratic Parish Cen
on tral Committee.
11, April 20lth, 1878, called by order of the
Dy Chairman of the Committee for the pur
pose of electing a member of tha State
nd Central Committee from this parisb.
The following members pleseint, viz:
ye M. J. Canningham, G0. E. Gilleepie, J H.
w. Coesrove, A. E. Lemee, T. Haller, L. Cas
ri- parn, Wm. M. Trammell, C. J. Smith and
es, Willis Holmes.
Ild On motion of Dr. G. E. Gillespie, Mr.
W. Holmes was appointed Secretary pro.
tem.
Os on motion of L. Caspari, Esq., the
name of.J. H. Coegrove was put in nomi
'ly nation as Member of State Central Com
16- mittee, and he was ananimously elected
IS- Member of said Committee to represent
sh this paris'h.
e On motion the meeting adjourned.
to (Signed) M. J. CUNNINGHAM,
Chairman.
a- WILLIS HOLMES, Secretary.
SnooTING AFrIUY.-We learn of a
n- shooting affray which occurred at Clon
he tierville, in this parish, on Sunday last,
~' which will perhaps result fatally to one
of of th6 parties engaged. It seems that
eone Price, a new comer, called upon Mr.
00 Laudry Charleville and inquired of him
if he (C.) had made certain remarks high
br ly derogatory to the character of P.
ad Charleville informed him that he had not,
sil wherewpon Mr 8. BRachal, standing near,
itepped up sad claimed to have reported
the remprks made to Prion and charged
ne that Mr. Charleville did make them
e Adakawing his pistol at the same time and
knocking Mr. Charleville down by a
blow over the head. Mi. Azenore Char- TI
leville. brother' to Laindry, jumped he
Stw.en the parties to stop the ditcicultl
u,10 tlt ltin;g tli"n hgegun ; Landry Char- C
lcivi·ilol ving in tlhe mean time, drawn
his pistol. Mr. Landry Charl-ville was al
shot in the I:ead an d ntelverely wontded llll 1
while 3ir. Azenore Cha:1eville reciveild a in
dangerous and perhaps fltal 'w ound in IIl
the neck, hie being all the timne endear st
oring to stop the di tlli1enty. Mr, Landry p"
EII
Chiarleviile is a pe aceable, entirtjrisitn Iii
citi/in, well and fatvorably known all E,
over tihe parish, ;tand we are shocked to in
learn of his misfortune. 'Rachal is of giood Iii
litmily atl of him we know nothing per- (it
sonailly. Price is a straigler. Both Ru- i
cihal anld Price have thed but Sherits S
iposse are in lpursuit. th
Tortures that Need not be Endured. ti,
People sitfler a great deal of pain iun- dit
iecetssarily. Attmong tortures that noed pt
not ie endured areili'1 tlhose indtlicted by the is
iIhe'iatism and gout, since the acrid el cn
etnllent in thie blolod whlich prodeces thtt Iemn
ii" contact with the sensitive covering iof
ithe ilslsilis and joints may be elhiniiatedl
lY\ tlihe use of that imatchless deptlrent.'ii
Ilisteltter's Sotomaclh litters, het'ore tilt e k
indtiitlli ttory syiliptoms atre d'eveloped to 'et
:m%, great extent. lWhen it is conlsidered w,
t0 hat exirncianting tortures rheuimatismn in
inlliits, and what a tendet'y it has, when 1'0
tIlly te'veliuped, a to attack tlihe heart, the It
;ilvisability ofu an early uise of such a re
liabl' antidote ieciimes at Oice apparent. 1
'ihe r'e'itiatic virus is expellted firomi the
bWood by the incireased action of the kid- f"
ines whic'h act a's strainers producedll W
ly the Bitters, and the sotlerer will find, cat
if be uses this supreme defensive agent, tip
111:1t ihe will e iprotectedl against a return t
of the agonizit; complaint. Dyspepsia, i
te vet' and ague, liver and bowel comn
plaints, and other maladies, are also cu
red l'y this admniratle remedy. al
Aprilt' it. Ia
ci
1812 Pensions.
tt der this n't, any plerson who served ic
tiotiten days or participated in one bat
tle, in the Waiir of 1812, is entitled to a
Pension of $8 Iper month front dlate of ap
proval ofli act. Widtows of such soltliers
ais have diedl afte'r sinmilar service, Ino
miatter what was the (date of imarriage to
the soilier, ane entitletd to the same Pen
s1011,
iNo other parties are entitledl. a:
All 1612 Pensioners droppedl fromt the el
Rolls because of alleged disloyalty are 1
restored by this acnet.
Applications MUST le executed before
:in ofither of a court record, BI
Send to us for any information or
blaniks needed. GIIMORE & CO. P
629 F Street, N. W., e
April tt Washington, D. C. c
ti
ALL CITIZENS y
O(f Ward I who desire to become l
inmembers of a D)emocratic Club, hay- t
ing for its object the redemption of 0
the pledges made by the Democratic ,
patlty in 187-1 and 1876 to abrogate o
the constitution of 1868, and to franme
one adlapted to the wants of the State, a
thoough and lby a 11
C'ONS'TITUTIONAL CONVENTION
are rtespecttully equested to meet at
the Court house in this city on Wed
nesday evening next,
May 1st,
at 8 o'clock p. M.
We propose to accomplish the ends
set forth above strictly inside the
Democratic party. 5
C. J. Smith, T. Haller,
A. E. Lemee, M. J Cunningham.
Willis Holmes, L. Caspari,
D. Pierson, Jno. Dunckleman,
C. Clhiplin, C. E. Airey,
B Juo. Genoe, Harry Percy,
J. C. Tricihe, Jos. P. Johnson,
W. H. Jack, Jas. M. M. Mcrook, 1
Jas, Genius, W. E. Russell, a
a J. C. Keyser, H. B. Walmsley, r
G. W. Kearney, J. P. W. McCook,
J. D. Addison, G. . DPraughoun, c
T.P Chaplin, C. A. BiHulard,
W XV. H. Barbee, L. A. Diblieux, '
I I. Kahn, J P. Canpbell, t
'lhos. G. Beale, J. W. Suddath, I
SC. F. Dranguet, P. 8. Prudhounmme, i
if Charles Miller, Leon Greneaux, i
W. French, Cha&. Hamlin, i
C. F. L'Herisson.
g _ _ _ _
Our Town and Parish. t
d (
- Natchitoches is a town of aboat 4000 inlabi. i
tauts, situated on Cane river, a stream na'igable
I- ihirinu the winter season by the largest class of
steamboats, and within four nile of Red River,
J' which is navigable during the entire year. The
is 'ew Orleans Paciflo Railroad, now in course of
cou',truction, will pass within ten miles, South
* and West of us; efforts have been made to se
'tre a tap road whieh we are certain will be1
effected. At present we are within 40 hours
:5 inn of New Orleans, per steamer, and within 18
hours of Shreveport, where railroad comtuna -
catiun Is open to all Western and Northern
a markets.
Our town has three charches, Catholic Epis- I
1 hopal anit Methodiet, (the latter in course of
c construction), attended by large and growing
congregations, while nnumereus churches of the I
'0 same denominations, and the Baptist, are scat'
tered througliuott the pariah, affording'reliio ns
facilities as good as in any sectio.. We have
it three handsome school buildings, and numerous
private and public schools in the town, whilst
over 40 public schools were sustained doring,
toe past year in the parish, through the public
school fiinl.
Public eihucation is attracting great atrentian,
and Iluring the one year which the altit't' citii
zAn has had control of them it has beeni sh'lwn
that the impo-tance of a good commuonl school
education is not to be overlooked. Sjonie troun
ble has been had in securing the services of
competent Instructors. but in a short time all
r- diflilclties now attending our public schools
will be overcome'
te Natcbitoches has over 40 stores and basiness
houses, blacksnmith shops, and wagon and cart
shops: while there is a great demand for mann
- factories none have yet sprung up. A Foundry
would pay well here, as also would wagon and
plow factories, cotton and wool mills, planing
e. marbines, etc.
The town and parish are growing some in
Id population, and recaperatIngi grom the long rate
of the crrpet-bagger and llgnorant negro; as in
f ct the State and the whole South. The popu
r. tation of the parish is about 21000. while there
in aniple room for ten times that number -not
* more than one-tenth of the areableland being nl
cltivatlion. The soil around this town is allsn
vial and as rich as any in the world, while it is
me inexhaustable. Farmers raise Cotton, Corn,
i. Oats, ESgar Cane, Rice (highland) Grasses, To
bacco; and our climate makes this seotion con
n genal for the yield of grains of all kinds. As
a shook country this is nsarpassed. Our win'
pd trs are mild, never beginning before the early
it part of Deember, an contianing later
than the last of February. Much attention has
been given, within the last two years, to the im
proving and rearing of cattle, horses, sheep and
hogs, and within a short time this section will
succeasfally compete 5with any in the Union
in them.
Good land can be had for from $9 to $2) per
acre. The price being regulated by improve.
meats. location &c. H oese rent in town from
$5 to $20 per month. Good. comfortable tene
a meut houses rent readily for *10 per month.
,- Crops are cultivated on the sbare ssetem, very
few paving wages.
I, As amhone for an agricultural population this
section has few to equal it, certaInly none sra
e perler, and all each woold meet with a hearty
at and generons welcome. We desire. and especi
alli invite mechanics, agricnultrists and capit
r* talists from the North to come among a, "eto
m obey the laws. forget all prejndices, work hard"
and to aid us in bniudiag up oar town and par
1- Ish, and bringing prosperit within our gates
> To all such we say. coxa!We have the tonMs
to exchange for your brain and mnscle.
it, _________
r, Rev. Jacob Aboobastlau, having sece
~d ded from the old Armenian Church, has
id gathereda Proteslt congregation of
000 ople in Oorfa, tMeseopotamia. He
s now in London obtaining help for his
I work in which he has the sanction of
a American mlsonaries.
The Constitutional Couvention Any
low..
Siuce opr last legilature prpved.a
comnplete abtijrtion, and instead of on- II
acting measures of reform, actually re
played into the hands of the lottery t
and other rings, while seeking to ap
pease the wrath of the people by sub- ti
miittilig toI their tote, at the next elec
t1.11, a lot of atmiendments to the Con- tli
stitu1ti1n which 4141 not touch the vital, X11
;r.
points and brinig us the reidl us s10
jimperatively demandted, the Flank rt
lip LEnterprise, edited by A. C. Allen, io
EKsq.. a talented young lawyer, has .'r
mnide a propositioun looking to a Ie- I i
lief of thlie ipeople of thie State I hllich if
tlts-erves attentiont. HIis iproposition t II
is this: Th'I'aht thie people all over thie to
State, refrain rii from votingfr to ihe Ipro- 11
Ipost'l aemioitnlents, but '"instead
thereof, vote directly for a Coniiven- al
tion, n11111 at thie same time elect Iheir t h
delegates."' lie adds : "and if the rll
people adopt this plan in every par. th
ish, dreit is 4141 power on cartIi that tit
can thwart their will thus expr~es-ed." Ft
While this oidle of proceeding might thi
he consideredl somewhat irregtular, tit
3et as the people ate soveteign, and
as thie whole fabric of govieron-lient to
rests 1111111 "consent of the govei ntel," th
we hav e no ulilltt o f thie happy ter- ki
iiinationt of such a toilrse. lThere- to
fore, we shall give it our support, thi
and hope every Democraitic and iuCon he
servati ye juorial in the State will till k(
the same. Let 11i) a171i he nomninatedi e
for" the Legislature whlo ill advance, hi
will not pledtlge himself to favor the
callilng of it C(nlstit ittional Conventi w
tion, to enable us to get rid of the IeI
monoplolies which are rulng 11and1 r- ef
icing LaOiiiana.-La Sugar Bowl. I
'[lie Monroe Observer suggested the I
above mnode of calling the Convention t
last winter; the Vindicator and Oia- tI
chita Telegraph warmly endorsed it,
while a number of sheets, with an Ii
arctic sterility of hbrains and a trop- IC
ical fertility of gab, proceeded to de. l
oniice us tas a fool for our pains,
wlhile they showed tllemselves the b
ass in Si) doing. n
We endorsed the plani thenI, and
we endorse it now, as the correct a
mode to he pursued when the "pow- S
1er-" attempt and do tli wart the de
mantis of the people.
"Whenever it becomes necessary," a
says that Divine Bill of Rights for the g
people to change their mode of gov- it
ernment there exists no power which hI
can prevent it. Forois are but the
tools of tyrants, and no people have a
yet, in civilized times and countries, t
lost their liiberties or failed to acheive '
Sthem, save through, or from the fear, t
f of the "forms of law."
This is a goveronment of the people1
who know no law that may abridge
or destroy their ownt organic creed.
With the Sugar Bowl and Enterprise
as co-adjntors the North Louisiana
'journals can work with ronowed hope
of success. a
t OUR COUNTRY CONFRERES.
1
The Right Talk. c
c
[Vienna Sentinel.] a
It behooves executive committees 0
a in the various pai'islies to go to w
--to take the iniative-be aggressive, r
and such a motvenent may be amoth- E
ered in embryo. It may be too late,
if we procrastinate. The desire for a
tew parties is prevalent. It is not a
openly expressed, but onerous growls t
of discontent are heard-a smothered d
volcano-that may burst forth at an a
inopportune moment, and it remains d
;, with the Democratic parishes to take t
steps to prevent sucb departures. A I
new party in Democratic parishee r
would not get a sumlicient following to a
change the result of a parochial elec
dion, hut we must give of our toajori- '
ty to radical parishes for Congress- "
wan and State Treasurer, and if we
take the initiative, organize and be- v
gin an aggressive campaign, the Rad- a
ical managers will be discomfitted, a
but if otherwise, a new combination d]
may be formed that will give some ir
trouble, in that our harmony will be j
disturbed, and the important, vital t
- issues may be overlooked.
Sound Advice.
S[inden Democrat.]
'F The question, "Shall we have a *
- Constitution Convention ?" is answer- t
e ed iin thee affirmative by at least four
O fifths of the Democratic voters of the
i- State, and those who oppose cannot a
Sbhe considered in any other light than [
s- as agitators and disorganizers. If '
3" they choose to make an issue on the I
: subject and further alienate the peo
t ple from them, all we can say is, we t
are sorry, and they had better weigh
is well the consequences of their acts.
t They can sooner stay the storm by a '
Smotion of their hands, than check
the tide of public opinion that de
"' mands the mneasures of reform and re
'n liet that have been refused or with.
I held by the servants of the people.
We Are a Unit,
is (Rural Times.)
When the Democratic tocein is
rt sounded for the incoming campaign
i all trute Louisianians will demon
strate that their party is not split.
ig Let them please to elect whom they
in twill, an "in" or an ''ont" and he will
!e be a Democrat, nominated, salected
' and centered nuon. Whether they ,
re say enter in good and faithful or
Otstep "down and out" ye unfaithful,
the party will stand united upon the
is accepted principles of democracy,
"i: and elect nien to office the choice of
a our intelligent, patriotic and virto
ous people. Truly this clang about
a split can avail nothing more thao
or disaffect a few. It is entirely uon
founded in the feelings of th0e masses.
A Good Riddance.
on There are always from one to a
or dozen able-bodied rascals lying in
e. our parish jail, being fed at the ex
m pense of the people, awaiting trial or
th. serving out the sentence of the courts.
ry There is a law that allows the Police
us Jury to pass such ordinances as
ti- would have those nuder ,seutemce of
' the court to work for the parish while
Dt. being fed by it; but our police board
ro has come to the cDnclusion, without
( making an experiment, that it is
rs- cheaper to feed prisoners in idleness
B than it is to make them work while
being fed. Some people talk about
having to have a guard over them, if
'6 they worked. That is all nonsense;
as there is no need of a guard; if one of
of them rums off before he serves his
is time oat the parish gets rid of a bad
f character; and if he comes back be
can be pat to work agaim.
Coupling on Iayes.
A New York seaal oittlt ° th th t
the N. O. Democrat, give a more full tii
report of Conklitrg's interview with a of
World reporter, fromn which we make P
the subjoined ellaborate extracts: of
I suggested to Presidenit Grant that ht
there seetied to ife one wia uIIt ofu TI
she triiable. and onilV one, and I sag- of
L? t; tl It hi4 imI the plain of the electoral ell
tcommtissiin.5 eIt a. Lt10d it iti a nmot
m~ett unstliil b rtfl IGIt+h spry U W ghig e
'nil that it wottil suae the country. of
I pledged hjin to secrecy, saving tihat pjl
if it hecarne known in advance that
thIe plan wa1is ols), it Woild he sure
to he ldefeated by the Demnocrats, and iui
I left him muchli relieved. (1d
in the nioriing when I went to the ta
white house I found Sherman with
tIi presidIent, whlio hatidt told him of
rlth plan, and lhath of them exprlxessed ve
themselves with iutohinded satistac a t
lion. John <herman, Watterson, eln
Foster antl other' Western 'nien ihad' n
a it
their hltands together, and were plot
f ity somethintZ l knew, to
There was no etihat, that I knew of sn
to get mitse ill the lines brit once. and fai
then it tailed. I think eeverybodyl th
knew there nas ijtrigi' goin;g otin e
twveen the Southern 'Demtocracv and ''u
the friettnds oelf laves, and the wires W
between Washingtonii and Col iumbitts n
kept the Ohio man thotoinehly inform
eid as to all that was doting in his e- '
half. the
Putting this and that Iogetiher, I it
was pretty well convinced theta was all
rottenness in Louisia n and that an tua
effort, was tuaking to stitle all enquiry.
I knew nothing, and so I c('0uld not
speaik, and when the comtmission dte
terinied not to go behind the returns,
there was no choice but to indorse
the regular returns, as presented.
I was not, to speak candidly, sorry,
I however, that an engagement made mi
Slong before, and that could no be de
layed, prevented my presence at the al
vote on Louisiana. I believe that
,when the whole truth of the Louisiana dr
a business is known itwill sink this ad
nministratiuni, president and all, to the sit
lowest depths of infamy.
The president is a great friend to pl
t and wholly in the hands now of the
- Southern Democracy. ta
In regard to the ability of the
southern leaders, Conkling said Hen- w
,, ator Lamar is unquestionably the
ablest of thert all. Gordon is arro- di
e gant and domineering, but by no
means brilliant. Hill has very little tr
Shonor, even in his own state, and his
opinions are changeable. Butler, of il
e South Carolina, is cool and polished,
e and will probably have enough to do o1
, to defend his own case in connection
e with his seat. Lamar is the Jesuit of to
senate.
S When Stuart L. Woodford went on si
e his trip to Mississippi, Lamar took him
e in charge and bewildered him. Poor lt
Woodford, it was like a cat playing
with a mouse. He came home with tl
his head full of Mississippi levee
e schemes and utterly oblivious that te
any wrongs had ever been perpetra
ted on Republicans in thiat State. p
Lamar talked to him about the po
litical millennium, and must have a
chuckled to Ihimselt over his easy
conquest. The wily Mississippian ti
always understands how to put his
Sbest foot foremost. si
TI.e senator then recited the histo
p, ry of tlte trouble between himself and tI
- Senator Gordon. Conkling says that
a, in his opinion, it is not possible to .1
er speak in too extreme a manner of this
et administration. Look at its usurpa- al
Is tion of power in Ohio. It openly te
d dictates the election of a United States
n senator ; but this is not the most au- cr
s dacious csorpation on the part of a
e the present incumbent of the
A White House; he has overthrown the 0o
a rightful government of Louisiana, a
o natd recognized there an armed usur
. per of the governor's chair. Packard d
i. was elected, recognized and in power, p
.- when Hayes intervened.
e That man looked ou and consented W
w- hen Nicholls put himself at the head r
I- of 20,000 drilled and organized rebel Is
I, veterans, placed himself in power, ai
n drove the police from the streets,
e magistrates from their offices, and
e judges fiom thle bench, and revola- P
Il tionized the state.
It was an azt of treason, such an it
would have hanged a man in old tl
times, lut the president looked on
and emiled, withdrew the troops, and ce
, through his friends consented that lo
- armed treason should triumph.
The breach between the president si
e and the party that elected him can- it
not be healed. Tte secrets of the ad
ministration are certain to come to ci
ie light, and then nobody will acknowl- a
,. edged allegiance to it on one side or
Sthe other. I think even Patterson li
and Conover will be ashamed of it. b
It may come at any moment, but it
will come naturally, and will not be 5
tk forced. Republicans in and out of u
,. congress have borne a gleat deal
,. from Hayes, but they are not quite C
b. prepared yet for Southern dictation.
t
Earopean News.
The dispatch of troops from India to
i Malta is the leading topic of political I
ie discussion.
tn The supporters of the government re
u- gard it as only a natural accompaniment a
It. of other precautionary measures, and <
sy not indicative of beligerency.
in The opponents of the government
ad comment and regard it as another step ,
in the development of a warlike policy. I
i5 They point to the fact that the news,
or was announced the day after parliament
II, adjourned for the Easter recese, thue
hie preventing criticism or explanation of '
yf, the measure for three weeks. The a
of opinion is expressed that this is one of a
u- the determinations of the cabinet Lord
aut Derby referred to in his remarks in the :
House of Lords, on the 8th inst., as in.
n- ducing his resignation of the foreign
n- secretaryship.
* The Royal yacht Osborne has been
ordered to the Mediterranean immedi
atel , to bring home the Duke and
.a Duchess of Edinburgh.
in Orders have been received at Ports
SI mouth for ships of the first reserve to
or ho nrveyed, and prepared with all des
to. patch for a six months' asuise with the
ice channel squadron.
as Chief oficers have been appointed to
of Cyclops, Gorgon, Hecate and Hydra, all
ile iron armor jlated turret ships, of 3430
tons burthens and carrying four guns
rd each, and the Prince Albert, four guns,
put iron armor plated turret ship, 3905 tons.
e I t is reported they will bh shortly com
ess missioned for coast defence. relieving
ile the sea going ships now acting as coast
utn guards.
if A chartered steamer left Plymouth
is yesterday with 2500 tons of ammunition
; and stores, thirty-one steam lannches
and torpedo boate for the Mediterranean
fls eet.
aced Aconats from Berlin and Vienna are
be still hopefal that the congress will meet
ahortly,
The Law's Rigor.
Ouri peoiple have reason to congra
tulate themselves upoo tire flciencyP
of their District Jtaliciar3. Judge D. prh
Pierson took charge. of the executionB
of the laws with us after' the radicals
had made therm a laughing stock.
Thieves stalked abroaid without fear&
of' pullishment; juriies weve emepan
elled but to acquii ; houses, stotrres
baartsr and stock UIyards u'ee pilfered
of every thinig iht could tenmpt cu
pidity and our entire population were
sick, disgusted, and inll some instances
ijtlined to justitialle violence in or
(1dr to protect thetir remaining pit
tance from irapacionri thieves. of
Now justice is a thling of life and
veneration in this district instead of whe
to4)
.a trad mockery. Our bench is oc
cupied by a gentleinaii" of learning
anti dignity "ho ktnows 114º .dity Savo,
to jilrottect soL'iety, glttind i iltoiei l t.
Wall plittis i t lie t' l it *; igoro itus n
fifti'sc'lit oif f II, jei'tut stat utes. lFot
this r'siotI we tilti titia Alit sr1t s'~ 11)"
f'il; ha ;t& 'i ,t~lit inn ill Htit lesset
\V iat otjitei' HIS wie lut d to ilo sutler
uur0 coulirt, with at lielmoln (111( at Hall ,
tit,' itodels of justice and lullnour-ate
thi hiar'bors tof refuge to wihich the
innocent t can appeal fori protection
and where the guilty nieed expect no II
mercy, .
ITEMS FOR THE LADIES.
Mexicaine grenadines are revived. , 01
)lonnets are moro'e worn than 1bats. L
Alastic is the last shade of putty color. tieu
Mastic is the color for gloves at the. GA
moment.
Kilt skirts must he of the same length .
all around. t*
Faille continues in favor for house a
dresses. cli
Rows of machine stitching will trim pri
summer dresses. of
Bourette muslin is a new fulric in dia test
phonus goods. Ilt
The yoke of the kilt skirt shoultd fit
the hip like a glove.
New foliage for hats is made of rubber po
without wire stems.
Princess dresses are remodeled for chil
dren's spring attire.
Embroidered and fringed ribbion will wA
trinm summer fabrics. pb
Ladies' silk ties have ends of net heav- thei
ily embroidered in colors. En
Metal buttons will be profusely used ha
ºon the "costume de fatigue." To
Bonnet coronets are very high, and B
turned very far back at the sides. ve
The newest buttons are Japanese de. th
1signs in gold on a black ground. qu
tNew and beautiful grenadines have
r stripes and flowers of velvet.
Pearl buttons are shaded to match all
Sthe new shades of new materials.
Flower enmbroidery is shown as the la- RI
test trimming for evening dresses. it
Primroses and cyclamene are the pot Rt
plants of the passing moment. er
The new styles of dressing the hair aree
as varied as the bonnets and hate.
Quantities of pearl beads, white and
tinted, are used in spring millinery.
A handsome gold slipper of unique d- G
sign is the latest candlestick bolder.
Short Carrick capes appear on many of
I the spring basques, ulsters and eacques d
t Square necks, formed by lobl and high
hsoulder straps, are seen in opeurstoilets.
As many as five rows of peadl beads
are on the white chip boonetsjust impor
'ted
Dolmanu, French sacques, atind'Carrick
capes will all 'be fashionable spring
f wraps. *
The old color, "anihes of roses" · so long
Sout of fashion, will be revived this am
mer.
Harper's Bazar says, that the short
dress for the street is at last an eccom
plished fact.
Mantelets will be much worn this stann
mer, they will be seen in a variety of ma.
'terials. '
The new wide collars and cnffw have a 'o
lace frill to stand up around theu deck
and wrists*
White ogtrich feathers tipped with '
pearl beads, are fresh attractiotis in mil
inery goods.
Scotch chevoit will be used for morn-a
ing wear; it is liner and more durable M
I than cambric.
A new trimming for spring wraps is
I colored awan's-down, to match the color fot
t of the material, sal
Rich white satin fans with tracery of
silver or gilt flowers, are novelties exhib
ited at Altman's.
Flat cottage crowns are given either
I close fitting or flaring, or coronet brims,
according to fauncy. 'D
r The correct length for the kilt skirt al- Wy
1 lows it to escape the sidewalk two and a F,
half inches all around.
t Spanish bonnets appear in Trscan
e straws. It remains to be seen whether or
f not they will become popular.
I Havana brown and black are favorite
e combinations of color for checked and
basket woven spring bourettes. -
Bourette is a term applied indefoitely
this season to all irregularly woven all
wool, and cotton-and-wool, dress goods.
o Violets and Jacque roses are as popu
1 lar for bouquets as when they were first oi
made fashionable Rignold and Montague. p
Chinese green, Mexiqlue blue, Manda at
it rin yellow, orange, cardinal red, scarlet,
d crimson and clear rose, are among the yi
popular colors.
The spring bounrettee, camel's hair goods B
P cashmeres, and basket woven stutff are
Y beautifully fine and light in texture and
'r of exquisite fnish,.
: Spanish combs and slides, Greek 'cir- -
of clets, and large-headed pins of tortoise
me shell, silver fllagree, jet, gold and ivory,
zyare used in fashionable coittures.
-d The new short costume which the Ba
eo zar hopes to make popular consists of
i* four pieces-the cutaway jacket, the I
in waistcoat, the scarf and pleated skirt
with hip yoke.
Io The new ornaments for bonnets are in
li- the shape of golden feathers, gold and
id silver ailagree fies, bees and beetles, with
steel points scattered over the wings and
a bodies and forming the eyes
t Pffs, bandeaux, switches, coronet
~ braids, chateliane braids, Mercedes, co
queteries, frisettes, hanged fronts, love
o locks curls and small ringlets, are all
fashionable in the spring styles of hair
-k dressing.
us The grounds of most of the spring bon- I
as, rettes are dark and sober but the mixed
Is. cords and knotted threads of bright color
m shot into the fabrics give life and glow
og to their otherwise somiber or cold effect.
1st The hair at present is dressed high on
the head, around a spanish comb, narrow
th in the back of the head, ind droppig
on low on the aspe of the neck-in a sbort
0e5 chatelane antd one or two short carls,
an and banged and waved on the forehead,
or made to look mmre natural than na
1re ton itself. with a Mercades couquetri
set wh ch is on artifcial bsaged and caded
ront.
PIA NOS i. ' i:
prict$9T75 only.$103.. !l'PaiuJM i. " . 1. I
BfATTY, Wadhington, N.',. .
Au.IlOLvIE FR ve wit h ox -i -
triges. Address, J. Br1own ". boll' V1l
& 138 wood St., Pittshnry. ae.
$50 Thait Sanord' ladiCal
5 (Cire for utat ti t \i i I
ilstaitly rl u wt
ily rt.u' ' bt ý~ Haic i. lu- l
henry W ells, :·I.. \"1 J1,
'ag· & Co.. ( .' 'rUoiu \.
For a ('Case Y. W . I. laii iI..
Clel tton. in > th .
ell, St. l. uiis Tesýtiandni}11
sis and treati s- Ii Iri 11\
of CatarrlI Price, with iiI'Wc tl in
haler, I. X1 /l w 1'1
where. W'EEK~S & l'i'TT F'. Po
tops BoStoni , \;ass"-.. c l. IVi- = ;1i .
4 Goulds Manufacturing Co.
1ltaau1f:wi-fnwra6s pf atd
kinds of.
Forc an"ilLif t
" iid , /c>rn ~ .
Irlluu LL4 ILI
FIRE E!\Xi"1 R
Hydraulic t!me. '
At IALGLAE11111Itf .5
Fo*}'r ('!uarehoý_S A brIL,,
( nil Pl1 ttin *.
ott i-Shcllofrt Spgur,er
P umps sull aslates ;:' Mr
hive~n WellsH a ti s ev:i(; .
Cataloga r. W nenklux1l
Mkien n plrPn'lioud i
INQll R COULDS P MPS
RWAREB OUSE.,l Pan P' Lc, L H Yu1 i CiLi,
O R G N S Ilighlhi i: . ul
1' Wrkl' s Exnu~itiaon .
Latentdcatalo sue oine Cl Ciiclars itii iinei
styles, reduced jrrided of m'nuchll' intlrnlle
tion, stnt free. MA(ON & IIXMIAIN' V 1·
GAN CO. Boston, New Yori k or Clliceago?
Ql i'Obt & 01 R fi :ý rayt,,,."y :lcl1
l~1VQS OI(~ 1S eal. p.hi (41ll
to:close out our present stock ,II:U w S'
and Second-band llnstrpuents oftite tiint
cless makers, fully w1arrauilml ;ai at :
I pricesthat defy competitioni ti this elks
of lIstrnuments. Agents wailte&l' tic \\
tirs' superior hell organs. ii atd pi'nt'; 1.
Illustrated Catnl, nes Ma;ilei. lilt IA% c',P
WATERS & SOIL. Mlanutaetn;ers Anll,
D alers, 40 East 14th. St.Neiw V ick. Alho
Genueal Agents for Sroiiiugers Chlubratld *
r premium Organs.
PRH-BMBE"Al'f
Worthless itlitations of lItunsIM s lUnlihnw
Phrous plaster.in the inmarket. Siie of
- them contain daugeronus niner;al )l"iudiis.
Each genuine Benson's Cal;inll .*'lasicr.
i has the word Capcine eut through ril.
Taki no other.
B lenson's CapcinePorous Plaster was iy
vented to overcome the slow action of
the ordinary porousplhister, ataidlo afluM i
quick relief fron pain. Price. t:J.
:CA HIES% til
flPILEBBHEOURLD!
Have you tried the Great woutlveri
º- Remedy, for the distressing coniplitint °
it is the Best, Surest anil Miost, nalltssitu l
t Remedy ever discovered. Cures whL i* V-
erythiug else failps. T1itI'P, and hbe to m.
vnced of itsesficacy. Price W.'. .Trial
"sie. 2eo. Address, EDITPit (lt>Ai'`,
Baltimore, Md.
d ·
," GREENBACKS
SFOR BONlI)HOL)IERS,
hdREEKBACKS
FOR GOLI .(A)JBLElI !
d BREENBAC1i18 .
k FOR NAT14NAL 1AJEAN'It !
& 0iREENBACK'S
g I. .FOR TJIE 1'EOPLI2
6 REENBACKK.0
FOR ALL P1:PlPSES'
/- t1.. 0i
Fr which money Is used iutercbihlj44ak
bl at, par with Gold and Silver, iunr af
fidient qnantity as to promote AitJistJr)iIy,..
uinrite immigration au4..deieryop. $ . I
Sso roes of the country, is what the,. ,
: CIpICIkNATI ENQUIRER
lims is the ouly..remedy for the iis
br ugnt upon the country by Legkislation
Laws, Anacted for the bernelit of a
Monied Class, and the bppressiou sif .La3
.bo and Ipdustry.. . ..., r
sl lovernment Ciredlt eanstains ourll~oads,.. .
.for th6 benefit of the wealthy, let tbhe.
sabne Ciedit, .
sUBTAŽN GRZE1BAdi~', b
.r F the beneft of the People -who stajn, .
the Governnmentu ,
D4ILY ENQITIRER, per year $10 00
I- WV EKLY ENQU[RER " : 1 13
a ae of postage.
Agents wanted,
,l Send for spec:/rpet cop~i's.
FARAN& X4lEANetab h i
d Feb 29'3mo theirihati, OTno.
FOR SALE
A FINE blooded1 STALfLION
- can be bought cheap. The ,
st owner is a resident of Verom
e. parish, and the Horse is too finw for that
a section, hence'his reason for sellisg.
It, Horse-sixteen hands 1i igh .is.
he years old, dark bay, splid color.
Apply to 0., 1 h. l i..,1q
nl Blackland CottageP. O, Vrnon Ph.
re Or to Vindicator Ollice. o ; ....
ad Jan. 19-6Ctortf. . *..
~. _ I ·.
APOTHECARY & ORUGýtSTý .
S-DEALERt Ir
s'DzoaZJ.S
CHEMICALS,
PERFUMERY.
Fancy Articles
FRONT STREET, - .
Natchitoches} Ea. . ,
1I' Perecrlptions carefully pr'pnvedV
at all hours.
TERMS MODERATE.
Feb. 2Z.-ly.
LOST.
SOMEWHERE on Front street in this
town, or between town &ndl the resi
dence of Daniel Sparks, 18 iniles Klutll of
Natchitoches, an old Leather Pocket
Book, containing a couniderable sum of
maney.
The Under will be liberally rewarded
by leaving it at this office, or rtrnrniug
it to Mr. Daniel Sparks. April i-1rn.