?he L tWdoator.
JAN. H. CO1OTE, * .* . Editor.
* NATCHITOCHE'
SATURDAY - - - - Augnust 8, 1874.
AdvertilIag Mates.
a w a
I equre.... $ 41 010 50 10 00 1500 00
1 nqaree... 700 1000 15 0 01000 00
3 squares... 1000 13 00 18 00 25 30
4 quarea... 1400 18 00 30 0 3500
Ssquares... 1700 0 7 0035 0 4000
squaree... o000o 900 300 40004500
7 squares... S 300 27 00 36 00 50 7000
8 squaree... i600 30 00(00 650 8 000
10 square... 3000 3500 5000 57 00105 00
1 squaree... 4500 s0007 00100 o195 00
Ssquaree... 00 80 00 90 00 195 00 150 00
Transient advertisements $1.50 per equere of
10 linen Brevier. frat insertion. Each subs..
quest Insertion 75 eeate per aquare.
OUR J6s O (lC3 tin supplied with a
reat varlety of type, and work In thi depart.
meet perfomed with neatnees and at moder.
ate prices.
Terms, CAOE on delivery of work.
latas of Suaieription.
flee Cepy eom year........................00
One Copy s meath ...................... 50
(Payable i advance.)
Notloe to Contributors.
No communtoations will be published
unless accompanied by the author's real
name. But one side of the sheet to be
written upon when sent to ua for inser
tion.
Articles to be short and to the point,
to have attention.
These are our rules and they most be
stritly adhered to.
We learn that the greatest govern
ment the world ever saw, was repre
seated in our city this week, in the
person f a Marshal. Look out all
ye Re.ers, for this is the first blast
from Jutge Myers' horn. Up to this
date no one is scared worth a cent.
It will be msen from the published
proceedings in to-day's iuse, that
Red River and Wion Parishes are
responding to the call for a White
Man's party.
The thanks of the editor of the Vis.
dieator are due andextended to Mears.
N. H. Campbell and M. Tsausn for ap
predated favors. Gentlemen, you do
us proud.
San Acceasst. - We learn that
while out coon hunting, Mr. Samuel
Sheppard, who is well known here,
was killed by a fall from a tree which
he bad ombed to knoak out a coon.
The fall was fifty feet and the jar was
so terrible that both his arms and
legsop were broken, falling ib seems
upon his .hands and feet. He lived In
great agony for twenty-four hours.
This is sad indeed, and we deeply
sympathibs with his family In their
bereavement. Mr. Sheppard bas
many friends here, and was one of
our best soldiers in Virginia during
the late war. Peace to his ashes.
CIors uo Wausa.m-No damage
has yetbeen does by the worms and
they are still fw In number. We
apprshbed n, disatste to our cotton
before the middle of September. Corn
is good upon the average Weather
very hot. Thermomete ranging from
98 to lS,.in the shade. River low
and falling. iea slog thd Rail
Road.
The City Counodl met in regular
session, on Moeday last. W. P. Mor
row tendered his reelgation as chief
of polies and seessor and colleetor,
which w accepted, and lt.. Leon
Greneaux, elected to Ill the vacaney.
We congrtalate the Board upon the
selection if Mr. GOrenoes, and pre
dis hbe will make a fint ele sdooer.
While upon this sldest. we annot
rfital hfrom complimeting our peo
pl6 upon the etxellenay of their city
ofers. The Mayor i untiring in
his efforts to condut, the e~as of
the city upon a Just and economLal
basis, in which be is ably seconded by
the Council. Our people bave, good
canw to congratlate themslves on
bhving a No. I aity gesvirnpaet, which
so seldom oacrs in these times, that
we cannot keep beig joyful over it.
The Republiesn parish of Natchi
toclb'e has but two ofcere present in
power as jarisbb .ofials, vi: H. P.
Matere, Clerk of the Court and V.
A. Barron, Prasident of the Police
Jury. All hsve reied except Judge
Myers sa dgd aBlit, sad they
will be easpelled to doeso a soon as
they retara..Republiaa.
This sippsks for the Repablican
party d efo perrish aof te ollal,
two only ven found who are neither
corrupt or lIempeplent. But the
wort resaiu to be told, when we
learn that the parties Jt removed
se the les ma they have, stiD the
ry of the'pwrty s, "We s plesdsed
to Usfom." Let as bvye o nero of
tlhS, we hke the te well to beta.
ke lwth sees bfhat There is sn
ho e asern nla th Republican
party i LelsiiSs, ma te party it,
slf dae le dsire it, as the chesi
ofra lit issl that kespslt togsh
er, ad onestep on th read to bon
esty wit be its dooem.
The Only Danger.
In to-day's issue we copy from our
: able and popular contemporary, the a
Shreveport ibses, oa artiele which so C
aptly fits our case that we eannot re
frain from asking for it a careful and hi
attentive perusal.
Recent events have transpired in of
our city since the fall of the mighty
ring, that have led us to believe the
sin of Bourbonism, that of learning to
o nothing, forgetting nothing, can be
o applied as well to younger, and more or
vigorous political bodies than the il
I "last ditch" element of the Democra.
o cy. This belief is made manifest by
the "suggestions" of men, whose mo- th
r tives no one impugns, for we believe de
them to be pure and patriotic; that t
at this time the condition of the
country was such, the mind of the ei
colored man being in a plastic con- at
dition, and the masses without ap- fo
parent leaders in whom they could o
* place confidence; advantage might
a be taken of it, and by oar people go. L
ing over to them, the negro could be
used in future to insure good govern
meat. But our people have been, ra
and these men should be, long since g
a convinced from actual trial of the in
vain fallacy of longer putting trust in ed
the promises of the Republican lead- in
en, and of controlling negro votes in at
any way, but by .n appeal to their fe
worst passions, or their basest fears. i,
- Have we not since 1867, endeavored th
by all the means within our power, to le
a bring them to a true and proper dense t
1 of their duties as citizens to the coun- t,
t try, our promises to them were all I,
s that men could make, and in some cc
instances, that of unification; we ex- 4
tended all bounds of reason, and sa
1 sank the pride and honor of the white C
t race in an endeavor to avert a dirct bi
Sissue; an issu we we felt the ignorant fe
- black man -would draw on by the b,
false teachings of their thieving lead- na
e- , and these attempts have all met
the same fate. The egro has turned ee
from our promises with mr on his D,
face and hatred in his heart towards
us, and drunk in the damnable teach- .
logs of the Carpet-bag and Scalawag cl1
office seekers, until bis pigmy reason id
l overcome with promises of the booty ,
and beauty of the whites, he has sunk
to the level of a beast and has been
used for naught but the basest par. th
poses. It is too late now to re-open co
the pros and aons of a dead lease, m
that line of policy has been essayed to
more than once, and the same fate as
awaits its renewal.
P There has been too omuch of this O0
r casting away good and permanent ns
Sresults to try experimental policies, cil
f and this one as proposed has been r
. tested in all its forms, from a pledge tb
on oar partl, from adescent to a mix- th
tare of oar children with theirs at tj
s our public shoolsh to a nomination all
I and support of their beat sad repro- d
Ssentstive men for our most honorable b
a sad lunrative oLces. The aegro does t
a not desire us with him, his mind s
r semt upon one thing, the social degra- a
a dation of oar race, and to gain tha it
F end be will sank every onsideration, a
I aus every white ma that oeba him.b t
sl' he seaerideleai valin--this is t
no good time, as rse woueald' think, pa
r tojoln any prty for party ends, msobh p
. less the Radietal party of our 8tate, to
f reeking with eerluption, the con, s
,damned plunderers and amurderers of w
a our people, to shape its polley and b
control the negro vote. Who brought a
a about the dowfall of the corrupt and M
Siasompetent ealoicil.s who weres revel- 4
ig ina the ruatns of ourt prish? Did
t the colored people asitt us, to any a
. material etent, in dethroning the it
Spowers who had for four years choked a
a our prosperity :N4o, a theouspd times
f n. It wa rdose by Me sod orgsni
Iatlea oftM whitt To our race,
and oeaur race alone, belong all thej
I honor of thus belug the Irtto meet
a and dethrone some of the cdrtrpts
b vampirm'e who have for so nlog a time
t feasted upon oar hearts'bloed.
White eitisens of Loaisama, whom oe
do you exppet to defead and protecst e
the libertie and home of your race? em
Do you look for saeor from thehi black
. man Dismiss from your mind the as
i chimeridal thoght. The negro is too ed
Sbosily engaged in hi wild dream of ao
an thIoal, s oial and political position, ly
to thibk of year rights. O gopr at
al oew .dueaor dspdn e pour owm aesk. Ad
p dioa. Our rights rst most be Armly
r seaured, before we ea take tiPe to t
a give lessos to any man or set of meno, C
Swho bsve bame so bent on their own It
I a~gg bra tsIerate fetO ompo
Smean deoseny. a
I Weregnrdthlus aaontest forht p
f supreacy ot white elvliliation, and
weesto mnot evn expet the siast
o anee of say whoisa not of oro blood. w
a It the black ra etake care of ItdIf.
SThey bhave brought apon us the itae I
m agaiust oar coasent ad with ear bi
I warailng ringig ina their ears. We D
hava net the enemy fae to face, let al
Ins grappl him and exclaim
Now "African" hold thlne own,
Ns maidens' arms around thee thrown.
r We want no mean to go into the
e negro camp to shSpe policy, or to se
Scure good government for us, let no
. man imagine that we will construe
d his action in thus doing, as pure and
patriotio, no, we will class him as he b
really is "a compatriot of the enemies a
" of the State and of ivdrilization, a t
e partisan of the negro, the carpet-bag- n
ger, and the scallawa, and as sinmy t
g to ki race." The attention of all our tl
e people is required to perfect our os V
e organization. Let the enemy organ. d
e ize as they please, we must prepare to a
; meet them, the day for attempting 6i
/ coalition has passed, and we stand in tl
the presence of an issue open which h
e depends the honor, tLo liberty and tl
it the homes of our race. In our battle E
e against corrupt officials, we do not a
Sslay game for vultures, we are actu t'
ated by too high, too pure a motive d
| for that. Our country first, our friends e
d next. .
it - i
' Learn Nothing. ForgetNothlng. P
The few old party hacks who have si
ruled and ruined the Democratic or. ji
u ganimation in our State, seem defiant h
ie in their attitude towards the express. a
' ed will of the country parishes, and a
- in a letter addressed to Gov. McEnery I
째 and others, in response to the mani- a
Ir festo of citizens of north Louisiana, e
s" "unhesitatingly decline" to rescind h
d the call for a Convention in New Or
a leans, and further show their band in1
1 the last clause of the letter, in which
. the committee expect' "that the op- b
11 position manifested to the policy of p
18 conducting this campaign Under the ti
" ai(qpi*e oftAs Democratic party, will a
d subside," and that as in 1868, all the a
C onservatives will rally under its tl
t banner. We san hardly express our v
t feelings at such a letter, and to see it a
1e backed up by the Btlltim surprises i
as more. The same spirit that has a
Sactuated the old Bourbon element, a
d seems to "move" the iesbers of this b
SDemocrate Committee, and they a
maunt In the faces of the couantry eii-i p
son the ultimatum of the New Orleans ci
C clique, that this shall be a Democrat- tl
째 l&eampaig, and all opposition must
subside. This is decidedly cool, to h
k say the least of it, and we can only i
speak for our parish when we say
that.the spirit of this self constitated a
째 connection will be met in a proper e
manner by Us. We adU Aa.e otkag n
Sto do sih tle Democratle 1 or party,
and if this selfish biggotry is to be ii
continually shown us by the New p
s Orleans Democracy, in our hours of t
!t need and trials, when they think the -
i, circumastnces and danger which sar- M
째 round us, will force our accepting e
'their dictam, we had better teach -
them alasting lesson ithis campaign. a
t If men are so blind tp all honor, to l1
Sall patriotism, and their narrow miand
Sed circumscribed vision cannot extead I
e beyond the limits of their owneelves, -
' then say we it is useless to argae or ,(
b hrse any thing to-do in common with I
* them. We of Nataobiteches, lookas
it in this way, we desire a uniaty aof
1, action, untrammelled by any party .
Sties, and we do not Intend to submit
I to the demands el the Demoeatioac
r, prty ay more than we do to the Be
b publicap, for those reasonis we intend j
, 1to keep on the oven tenor o0 our way, a
l sandiftdeflsksee to be te m ottoo,
I we will carry Ouar ish and let the c
d bealaoe of the 8tats Igo. We bhave
t said once and we now reiterate it, r
"- e pari.A The White league S
- will send delegates to the Alazndria s
y Convention on the 1st September, and
0at matters little to either party whbeth.
"or the DemoertlIe Committee lke it
or not.
b, Someofur exebsangs aoe tous 4
i brim fallof Demoratin otetsmtt ns, ,
it .p forthelife of q we easiotell i
. tion of Losislans The km ase for
some people's Demoetsy abeaoslng,
abor woud be, fv wrete . iet -k the
,t condition of tisi tog ini the dhble;
I one says he i, De +ratio because
k lbEito was elected Senakptr fr Coo. -
s ,eotieut, another beeurne Hendrieks I
Sof ludIano isnlitly to be nomlnastd It
a Iormesdent Ia 1861. We are iatent
a, ly listeuing fto bear sem one howl I
. thlt he e a m ut r beeaue ls dd- I
'!dy wasaDisser . o i
y Friends, we haved h aough ofl
o this, don't fla l out about Demorse*. t
a, Connectiost, adits sad the whole g
a lorther Demooracyo e ,bue4. ue
il* perfectly powerless t do good Let
s-i ve the eueha the beet aof our I
Is powder, no moroesirlgon ouar fMieds.
d We must wlai, a ae sot at all I
. ehlols sbout the pai nameauder a
L whinh it will he doe Fat unles
f. mem better argnnat than th actual a
s trials of 1868, 1870a alS % wIr r have
ar been addued to esavune us that the
's Democrasy of l datigh atreinvulaer*
st able, we will still ~aist on the
White Legea aor the Paople's party.
Van Duzen on the War Path. I
HIS WARRIORS ASSEIBLING I
Paint and Powder.
Van Dozen, the pedagogical carpet- j
bag Justice of the Peace for the 3d t
ward, by the grace of Kellogg, seems h
to be on the war path. At least he is
making or preparing to make, one of ,
the Republkcs' "demonstrations," in
the shape of an armed body of negroes. t
We learn that be had a parade a few
days sines attended with the usual
minutia of an army, pickets, videttes
ite. One gentleman travelling along
the public high-way was peremptorily
halted and told he could not travel
that road by one of the Myers-Van b
Dozen out-posts. The gentleman
saw the force, amounting to about
two hundred armed negroes. What
does this mean t War and nothing
else. Let a put a stop to this fel
low's acts once for all : if he cannot
live among us and conduct himself
peacefully he must be made to do so
or leave. Mr (t) Van Dozen, we have
stood such stuff as armed parades
just aslong as we intend to, and you
had better have a care bow you try
us, you may go too far and then you
will have to bear the consequences.
We advise the gentlemen of the 3d
ward to wait upon this would-be gen
eral and learn what is the meaning of
his conduct.
Have We A 0Ne Seeker Amog Us t o
We have been asked this question a
by men, whom we had reason to sup
pose would never apply any but pa- b
triotic motives, to a movement so
sweeping and so successtful as the one
now inaugurated in our Parish. Still
the query has been propounded and
we naturally turn to ourselves for an
answer--to look over the field and see
if we have done aught to merit such
an imputation, and we are proud to
say that such is not the case; that we
have done nothing to require such an
assertion; and we find ourselves pre
pared to turn upon our accusers and
bharge them with the base motive in
their insinuations. e
Our community, from long practie, b
has been very, very conservative, and
it seems a wonder to some that old 0
Natchitoehes should become so bold 0
and defiant as she is. Her action has
struck terror to the hearts of her ene
mies, at the same time that it has de
privod the "trimmers" who are found
in all communities of opportunities to
ply their vocation. It was "killing
two birds with one stone," and our
silent friends in casting about for
something to ost upon, barve succeed
ed in discovering a hags mosse, in a
sacces brought about without their
amistance, and that i, that we are
looking for olcial pap ourselves.
We cannot finad words to eozpress the
indignation of our people, ast such a
fooullander, and the base mind that
could conceive no higher, mobler moe.
tive for his fellow-eitsens, than that
they are actuated by sch a sordid do
she, isbeneath the contempt even of
our enemies. This is but the weak
ery of a mme ma, who did not pos
-ea the mahbood to show himself
when his services were required sad
because he was t cowardly to do I
what they bhave done he attempts to
east the lime ofhis own ~ile astare I
over the acetion ofpatrioti and boa- '
orable men. These men could have
received a lessoI In hk as rsoiety I
had they been In the committee room
of the committee of seventy last week,
when that body of representative
citiseas unaimously passed a resolu- '
tion that no one of tbat committee
should solict or receive ose. But
seb eondaet is beyond the pal oft
ecmprebeasion of mch ereatores who
lok at all action through the arrow
and salih gase of their own prescrib
ed viion. 1No more ofthi, te l em's
skin does not bide their ears, ad itis'
better for them not to bray when their
voles me so well known
Our youths gave us, upon Monday
evening ist, another ofsteir amusing
entertainments, assisted by Mr. Je.
Kile, who brought down the home
time ad agan with his asmualag sed
well rendered ebhsracter songs. Dr.
A. P. Breda and bis excellent String
Band etortalaed tih large aadene
sasembled with some of their usual
beutiful mueic. 'We ongatuiatoe
the masagement upon the entire per
tarmacs.
The shop ofo. ebsaath was m.
terd se day last week whlh in was
atdinneasr, ad a pair oft ahoes taken I
frenlMbaesbeh. Thiskfelona was held
sad cool, as we undomtand hoe slet
Seda pad roattllkely to it him from
a number.
Mayo% court bartte this week-no
maney, no whisky, no ghte. '
Subsribe to the Fiswueafor.
Primary Elections vs. Convny- C
tions.
With the reforms to be inaugurated
by the white people of the State of
Louisiana, comes that of a revolution
in the manner of selecting candidates I
to represent us in the eontest now at a
hand. We mean that of a primary *
election in place of a convention, and
we see that several of the north a
Louisiana journals speak in favor of
the former.
The primary election although at
tended with some little trouble is the
most feasible way by which a full ex
pression of a majority of the people
can be had in the matter of selecting
such candidates as are most accepta
ble to a majority. Conventions have
heretofore stood charged with "pack
ing and favoritism," and although
some chances in the new feature of
nominations exist for "packing," still
the people would be willing to give
f it a trial as something that eannot be
worse than the old hackneyed con
vention, of cut and dried nominations.
Let as have then a new way to nomi
nate, and new men with our new par
ty.
The plan briefly stated Ci this : as
soon after the State Convention as pos
sible, a primary election will be held
in the Parish and one or more boxes
r will be opened in each ward upon a
certain day or days, at which polling
places the voters of the party shall
Iast their ballots for a choice of the
parties as candidates, for such pees
as they may declare !themselves.
Each person who submits hisasame to
be voted for at the primary election
is to pledge himself to abide by the
result of such election, and the par
ties receiving the majority of votes
at this polling, yill be declared the
candidates for tie respective offices
for which they are named, in the en- I
suing fall election.
We are more particularly in favor
of this plan beeause we are from the
city of Natchitoches, and our people ti
have been charged, and we think un. b
justly, of exercising an undee lnAu- a
ence at the Conventions which have ca
been heretofore held in this parish. k
Let our citiseans think this matter v
over and select the best plan, and the b
one less susceptible of giving cause a
for discontent. a
100 d
The Enemy Unmauks. n
-a
Notwithstanding` the sycophantic ii
cry of Kellogg and his backers, that n
a fair and free expression at the bal.
lot box, was all that the Republicans b
of Louisiana desired, to show to the $
world in general sad their Northern a
rsupporters in particular, that the a
Kellogg usrpatipn was bthe chois of
oar people; we oad t this early day t
that a free expression will be attempt- t
ed to be hampered with all the vil- a
latinens manipulations whih seaorrupt a
and damnablo power ea omeoilve. C
SIn th registration law Just igedu we -
can recognise the mre eleven foot c
that has lurked baneatl the proemises
of te Repaobla party in Lonisalas 5
forthe patsixyeare, Hue isadi. l
Sreot thrust at or foreign citas, and'
i stillwe nd some too iblnd to al their
interest as to givo sapport to agov.
ernmentf ed egres, who in a ruge to
perpetuate their power--buld up the
socal status of the black uaeiw)
the degdation of the white tfisesa,
pass laws in imeasare di sacbh g
the white element that have sought
our bshores to eaoy liberty. In or l
hbeurt of bearts we rjolee at these I
sats of the Kellog monstriol , for
Sthey tead to strengthen our owns pee.
pl, sad show to th world t ehabr
setrof tbhefroouw vilmat Grnt
with hi army has fieued upon the I
white eltisens of eur fir Statel
Now, Gov(t) Kellk , sie tho swe
dcity Charter 111 for Ne Orleas,
I and weo opine yo will knaek th ran. '
it nan of Demo~raey elinging to the
old ha ksof tht a itoy p, ip
We desire to say to oar oitia
tait the bridp over Amulet Bayou, I
o oJeersan streety.elll trepaired,
when fuade mare th itytreasery
todoso. Itisnotthe polcy or is
atesion ethe prewst el ityt admls
tgtom to ood th eoltywith warrnat, I
Sfor th benst of speueelatorm or to
1 oblige growlers. Good moneay ad
, cheap work is thebir motto, andthe
. intend to bhave it or" 'rbest a taee."n
~- ---- II
The city is fell of felt, lauonsl
Speaches, melons, &e., and sheap. We i
a trembligly anticlpate th ad~et of 1
Sthat "swamp anspl, the ape. Look
Sst, little boys
SCapt. Slaut rtrival times 1
TueOdey, vwith the C. U. Drfeela
plaie of th Sa ine, the latter boat 1
o layig ap to e ber d. 'hsCap*
sin shows his plack u slt sand
will not be beate. Thanks to the
oMicers far kind favors.
SiCost of Negro Government in
Louisiana.
a We extract from the New OrleIs
", BUet, figures which never lie, as
Sas that Journal very appropritdly
s remarks, are more potent than rg.
, meats, to show how such we pay to
support the present mongrel govern.
j moet in our State in the matter t
Salaries, we group the following:
SGovernor's offices, total 25.300
Lt. Governor's offi 5c.00
Secretary State offices 9.701
Librarian and Assistant 2.100
Attorney General offices 10.000
Auditor's offices 4.0
Treasurer's offices 15.000
Registrars offices 4.500
Land omces 7:.5
Public Education offices 39.450
b State Engineers offices 23.90
Extra compensation to Tax
S Collectors, outside of their
10 percent commissons 150.000
e Etra compenastion to As
sonon beldes com'ions 125.000
State Printing 62.000
Mileage, Board State En
gineers 2.230
Levee Commnissioners 18.000
SJodge of the Supreme
Court 35.500
d Judges of theDi'iet Court 125.000
ealary of Court Reporters 2.500
Salary of Parish Judges 142.000
Salary of District Att'ys 9.000
g Attorneys Fees, extra 4.000
II Further appropriation for
S Printing 131.500
Cost of the army of the
State 67.000
' Costs in State suiats 75.900
o Cost of the General Assea
n bly 1.18.000
e Grand Total !1.34.&83
This for the small honor of bohaving
State officers who do not represemt
one honest itizen, is enough to mate
one shudder. White citizens of Loa
isiana; what are you going to do
about Itt
e The reports that hanre bun cirola
oting for the past week, that armed
bodies of negree were attending
.midnight meetings, have obtained
e credence. Thse demonstrations, ta
. ken In connection with the thrlats
Swhich have been prolbeely used by
Sboth white sad leading ngro P Ba&l
cls, that this city wuld be laid i
asbes, require serious attention. We
do not laugh as some at all the n
more, re we bear them from too measy
sources, for there not being something
e in them. It seemsto o ustrsag .ths
it notwithstanding all the advice and
1. warning we hiave given the negro,
is both in talk and action, be should
e stil continue to be blindly leioata
n acts that will oaly sreset spe him
e self. There will b no ladersbher
f when the hour emeu for the collision,
y they will preeh and pray them p to
Sthe lssue, ad like the vile eurs they
-. are, will abandon them in the mo
*t meot they require eoemandsrs-eide
; Colfau. Our people dould oetthLrt
eI en them at all, let events te tbdr
It course, they alredy ow that no
s harm Is Intmnlde them, an sob a.
a still dese a conict will bri g it
1. about upon their ow rmspeemblity.
d While upon this sljet we will an t
ir lo th oseesion slip to empilamt
. large nmber o oour loedl old.
uapon their conadet durin the past
nenoa .Toey hae acted wisely sad
* ReiBjebrCaatofthsRepubllosas
a We had alovoty ozposties d the
mr great reform movement Ia the is.
, publisan party, Ia n r city at the
r saorira Convention, am the alth
. o it month, uad that ear people
r. may not msltake- the ,ury ct their
at/ is s tabe teato thefid
Sfllmuet t fthecirpdps, e have bet
to mention the ht, that the fllow
' Ddtsa.. J. . Joeho, a A. Di
Sbiao.-lbort isetem, (pros.)
red River.-E W. Dewo, Andy
Bodele.
Natehbitoees.--. Blut, t' raby,
' W. iL Tesl d sd Jas. CaqgLi,
u, Jr.
a, DeSot --Wado Hampt.
ry Nowwe have b d enougkh d tlis
e- ry of the demagogue, sad the w
who weold bellve fer amomunt is
., thegoe ofl th ir itets most ba
to fel oer a bes as thy ma, sad t
ad ap the clims ad gvetd e to thSir
y protestations they eumoimeuly sem
nate K. B. Twitchell for ye hlleis
to the Stat SIIeast. Thi is rehe
as with a vensgse. Dab, yor an is
Fe too thin to atch even y the g
of birds. We Lew oemaell be -
akedved a th meu. No reore will
w have from yoa, houmsy sad -
p Jity mut como tm th white pea
n ple f they waoula bavo it. So yo
l man look eot ye lme Bepmblicuas r
at more massmstng, bhut have case
p. that we mapy not basreo ens ee may,
.d sad that may so oectally reform
be the eontry that there will be oC nD d
of another.