ýýA runte Iiedi ntarf e Tu to o
-de l i r u a t o t~ t c ~ l w· I r i v i i d o f t hel I': l o i.' ; . l ' l f
Ade1111 ;.I1 I J H tSCOV
wp 7 4.x1 P 5lU U' Et: eo lU Uu fi b~l·a·Ir llltr
*4d *4 5 )) 70I 15 u *0 0 0i 00 25 1 .
14 0A ' )02 4 3 04 04 00
Mw" 17lu 111 ; 01 ,1 01 1100
7 gqitSV 0)) 2 uw ::2 000 41) 00 7u 45 40 00 T H E :.. - ,1
squares. 4.11ul -?7 W 300 65 00 00 1 _ THE WELFARE OF TILE PEOPLE Is THE SUPREME LAW. ri Raes
j 441 Ito J 011 13 11N
3~t.. ' 4 0 :4.1 4))l l 3) M))O 57 n)) lay 00 - _ _ -. - -- - ___-" -__-__--_- - --_
Is)(1011,;0 IN, Off)cial Organ of the White Citizens of Red River, Sabine, Winn and Natchitoches Parishes. ne 'l"PY. 010' yea
-- - ---- - --ný,· All -l-- -r- ti.,-_- f- - "-l-- - -- -- -
qg~uIaIrt4"'~ Cs44C5 4hZrlt~ slr VUJ. IV. j NATCHITOCHES, LA., FEBRUARY 2,s178.
UINiNESS DIR9C ;ORY.
A R Fnailu Gm etis, ('rnes 2t and
Stt. jllen' Strc,!+.
" AEr --\V'oda ;sli Ilacksmaith Work,
A. Church Street.
Tie New Sta:nd-i-Beer (:ens,
F iine Wines iqu.orand Cigars. St.lDnis.
l.h-traur1t, St Denis Street.
A LEX LIEMEE- .-tary Publie, St. Denis
Sstreet.
.~-C K - T|CCliRE--General Collectiug
B Agent and Canvasser, St. [),nir street.
.ý-mIa Pani 'istols sold, made and
.e1epaired, St. Denis Street.
,' I.,i dp CAIMPBEL.L --Merchaludise and
SPlantatilon gppliet. Front street.
cIAPLWSCC; INIIn1f & (IItAPLIN-At
te t h Wsllingto)n street.
/OIlAtLEV LEVY-Family Groceries and
Gral erahIkfoalnize. Front street.
*iASl''a EITRICII--I rv Goods. Gro
C Anwd Oeneral MIseremadize. Sole
Agear Serew llottoml Shnes, Frunt street.
.EL.C. SCA1\RORO fIT. Attorney in
t' 0flee with W.I1. Jack. Second St.
.---g (;IA --F:amily Groceries, unader
g - anic Lodge, :d Street
S1O)TEOT-l'lanters' lltel-Favorite
J. farnmers and strangers' resort, St. Denis.
g BH}YN -Bots and Shoes made and repair
j. ed, t Denis Street.
O gORGE W. KEA RNEY-l...ceorder and No
I tvy Public, Court Houte, id street.
fENRY GENII'S-Clharter Oak Stoves and
Tinware. Front Street.
SAFFEE.--Dry Goods and Groceries, Front
., street.
IT LITC(:TENSTEI N- (:;.ral assortment
" Dry Gools and Grocraries. Front streets.
fARRIS JA FFA...PDry Goods and Groceries,
AL Front treet.
H pg'LIY-- Surveyor. St. Denisstreet.
T IMOt)-Dry Goods and Groceries, Wash
" ington Street.
I . NLKIN -Dry Goods and GroceriosJefler
emsq. street.
JACOBS-I)r'y Goods and Groceries, below
tie Dirt brilge, Jefferson Street.
lOIH RUC A-lI)rv Goods and Groceries,
J b low the Dirt bridgr, Jefferson Street.
lO.GENOE & CO(-lDry Goods and Groceries,
4 Wulhington straat.
y.I-NTS-Dry Goods and Groceries, cor
a'aeJetterson alnd Amulet Streets.
" W.SUD1AlTII-The Phoenix-Choice Lii
, quors and Cigars, St. Denis Street.
TJAI1:. B. TUCKER-Attorney at Law St.
SDens Street.
JA. KUING..Watclmaker and Jeweler, St.
I Istreest.
t S 1Ctftl MA.--..1arness and Saddlery,
V- Wuuhieltonstreet.
SC.TRICIEL--Gnceral Ilerc handire. Wash
S US -Genoral Ass*rtmnent of Mer
,ehantise,Walshington street.
J fTIt.'ITPllRR-l,nnlhsr Yard. Intersection
ftlstr.ll~ayetto and Washington streets.
J 1. JftOOK &, BRO.-General Wholesale
1* a ir tiil )Daler and sole A gent for Wag
eas,Wsdlington street.
J A. DUCOURNAU--Fancy and Staple Dry
" Goods. Boots, Shoes, ilats and Clothing,
reet
JAMIS T. SPROWL - Honse. sign. andl or
Wattental painter, Front St., cornaer Tonline.
- CARFEL-The G,nm Bar Rln'o, choini
A Wianes, Liqtuoars and Cigars, Front street.
VYY& PII[LL[ PS--Full stock Fancy and
MAAtple Dry oSials and (Craoceries.Front st.
-L UPLEIuX .Land Agent, S. Denis street.
19ORSE & DRANGUET..-Attorneys at Law,
M istreot. corner Trndan,
M H. CARVER-Dry Goods, Groceries And
* seneral Morehandiie, Front street.
J -SB AFFRATIH-Boot and Shoe Maker,
V St. Denis Street.
O CAPMARTIN-Goneral assortment of
SGoods of all kinds, .Ieffersn st-cet.
0 BELtL & G AIGION-Physicains and Sor.
• geoIrn t- Denla SLre-et.
P VItEULEMAN - Undertaker, Washin'gton
PPOETE.-DBaker, Jeferson street.
work and lBlacksmithing, Corner 3 anol
Slehy St..
P VRULER AS-.-Family 'and Plantbtiob
* Groceries, Washington street.
R 8.C&LVgS...Dentist, Jefferson street.
R. E. BURKE-Cheap Family and Western
*Grocery Dealer, Front street.
R P. HUTSON--Livery, Sale and Feed Stable,
S8. St, Ienis Street.
II NELKIN&- Dry Goods and Grocerles, Jeff
ti er~son Street, below Dirt brldge.
WINBAIRG-Genernl Merclmandise. Plan
tatiou and family Supplies, Front Street
,ONS-Dry Goods and Grocriles, Wash.
igton street,
ACOSTE-Drlggista ad lApothecary,Frout
: *lALLBERG-Bnek's Brilliant Stoves and
Sl*kware, Washnlagton Street.
aU! --Billiard Bom sad Bar, Front
alUEM&f-AN-Wholesale and Retall Mer
thtst-general assortment for the trade
• l IACK...Attorney at Law, atd street,
. *oremo Tradan.
j0STe-Boot and Shoe Maker, St. Deaia
8',a-' o, ,EW R LEN S LA.
S t, e June and Deeember terns
Scorte at his old home
St.t.t o 'b JACg & Piun ox)
- r aed Counselor at Latw
Ri: dATHITOCHE8, LA.
prItpaetieeis the Courts of Natchitnehee.
' ae, l)e&So, Besd River, Winn, Rapides,
t, aa the Supreme Court of the
laims prteptly attended to.
ATTOBNEY AT LAW.
the Practice of his Profession.)
t Ir the Patlih sad id'aletriet
( L brbKhtech sad Red River
Tleutaloan, United Statesa iU.
tCsetart ouIbsiana and U. #.
In the leoete Building (Uj
NATO·flITCH OCELA.
JOII'r B. ROBER TSO.,
(Late of New Orleans,)
ATTORNEY & COUNSELOR AT LAW
(OI 'SH ATTA,
RED RI VI 1 PAilStH, LOUISIANA.
Will practice in Coushatta, Natchito
clies, Man.tield. Many, and in every part
of North-west Luisi:na. Special atten
tion given to Land cases and Successions.
June 9th, lP77-tf.
, H. CUNNI(MGIAM.
AttorRc & touuw lor at `atr,
St. Denis Street,
Natchitoches, : : : : la.
II, give prompt and personal at
tention to all business entrusted to
his care
Practheshln the District and Parish
Courts in the Parishes of Natchitoches,
Red River, DeSoto and Sahine, and before
the Supreme Court at Monroe and New
Orleans. Jau 5 '7s-1y.
D.J.'L. C. SCJRBORO UGCI,
ATTO1RNEY IN FACT.
W ILL practice in the District and
Parish Courts of Natchitoches,
Winn. Salhine and Grant.
All business intrusted to his care will
receive prompt attention.
Otlice with W. H. Jack Esq., Second
Street, Corner Trudeaux, Natchitoches,
La. Dec. b.ly.
DRS. POWELL & GALLION,
HAVE ASSOCIATED THEMSELVES IN
THE PRACTICE OF MEDICINE
AND SURGERY.
OFFICE ON
St. Penis Street, : : Natchitoches, La.
Jan 5 '78-3m
M..t ... nDun ,
Physician and Surgeon
Monlgoumery, La.
Business Cards.
C. A. BULLARD. N. II. CAMPBELL
Bullard & Campholl,
-DEALERS IN
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
HARDWARE,
And General Merchandise.
Corner FRONT & LAFAYRTTE Street,
Xatchitoches, La.
LTIGHIEST cash price paiul for cotton nod
I country produce in cash or merchandise.
Mardih 2. -1:.
Peotor Treuleman,
-DEALER IN
FAMJIL Y GROCERIES
A full assortment of WAL.rL-P.arEn con
stantly on hand.
Sncoal inducements to C.asr Customers.
WASHINGTON STREET,
Natchitoches, La.
March 25-ly.
J. C. Triohel,
-DEALER IN
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD
WARE, BOOTS and SHOES, HATS,
ETC.
Highest cash price paid for Cotton and
Country Produce.
WASHINGTON, ST.,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
R".B. :BTR$F,
-dealer in
FRONT STREET, Natchitochce, La.
C. I.. WALMSLIY. R. *, WALMSI.RT
C. L. WALMSLEY & CO,
COTTON FACTORS
-AND
GENERAL COIMISSION MERCHANTS.
Perdido St., New Orleans, La.
March 2'--1.
Osoar C0hopin;
COTTON FACTOR
-AND-
COMMISSION MERCHANT,
No. 65 CARONDELET ST.,
July 1-ly New Orleans.
JOHN I. TUCKER,
Magistrate Ward 1.
St. Denis 8treet, : : Natchitoches, La.
PROMPT attention given to all business
entrusted to his care.
pr Claims collected at small cost.
Refers to the Bar Generally.
Jan' 5 78-ly
M. S. CURTES
PRACTICAL MACHINIST
-AND
ENGINEER,
ARCHITECT, CARPENTER & JOINER.
A LL kinds of Machine work, Engi
neering, Carpentering and Joiner
work done with dispatch, and in first
class manner.
Estimates and plans for buildings
promptly furnished. Parties desiring
work within the scope of my trades will
call on me at any time for terms; which
will be.liberal, both as to price and time.
Shop on WASHINGTON STREET.
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
Jan. 12-ly.
Is the most genlal balsam ever used by
sufferers from pulmonary disease..
It is composed of herbal products, whieh
have a speelne effeet on tne throat nod
lunts; detaches from the air cells all Ir
ritating matter; eauses it to be expecto
rated, and at once checks the inflammation
which produces the cough. A single dose
relieves the most distressing paroxysm,
soothes nervousness, and enables the suf
ferer to enjoy quiet rest at night. Being a
pleasant cordial, it tones the weak stom
ach, and is specially recommended for
children.
What others say about
2Tutt's Expectorant.
Had Asthma Thirty Years.
BALTImroR, Febrsrryº3. 875.
"I have had Asthma thirty years, and never fmmo
a medicine that had such a happy effect."
W. F. HOGAN, Charts St.
A Child's Jdea of Meritr
iW RLsANs, Noaesber tit, 1t&.
"Tutt's Expectorant is a familiar name in my house.
Mby wife thinks it the best medicine in the world,
and the children say it is 'nicer than molasses
candy."' NOAH WOODWARD, 101 N. Poydrss St.
"Six, and all Croupy."
"I am the mother of six children ; all o them have
been croupy. Without Tutt's Expectorant, I don't
think they could have survived some of the attacks.
It is a mother's blessing." *
MARY STEVENS, Frankfort, Ky.
SA Doet9r's Advice.
SInmy practice, a vise all amilies to keep Tutt's
Expectorant, in sudden emergencies, for coughs,
croup, diphtheria, etc."
T. P. ELLIS, M.D., M.., Newark, N. J.
Bord by all dru0gists. Priese 1.00. Offee
85 Murrawy reet, New York.
"THE TREE IS BY ITS FRUIT"
"Tutt'sPills are worth their weight in gold."
REV. I. R. SIMPSON, Louisville, Ky.
"Tutt's Pills are a blessing of the nine
teenth century."-REV. F. . 0000GOOD, New York.
" I have used Tutt's i or torpor of the liver.
They are superior to any medicine for biliary dis.
orders ever made."
I. P. CARR, Attorne at Law, Augusta, Os.
"I have used Tutt's iIs ve years in my family.
They are unequaled for costiveness and biliousness."
F. R. WILSON Georgetown, Texas.
"I have used Tutt's e'-ce with great benefit.'
W. W. MANN Editor Mobile Register.
"We sell ffty boxestt' s Pills to five of all
others."--SAYRI & CO. Cartersville, Oa.
"Tutt's Pills have only to be tried to establish
their merits. They work like magic."
W. H. BARRON, 6 Summer St., Boston.
"There is no medicine so well adapted to the cure
of bilious disorders as Tutt's Pills."
JOS. BRUMMEL, Richmond, Virginia.
AND A TI D MORE.
Bold by dr_ gi. 5b cents a bao. Offic
85 M array mStreet, ew York.
TUTTS HAIR DYE
NDORSEID.
HIGH TESTIMONY.
FROJu T71 PACIFIC JOURNAL.
R"A Qr J INlVENTION
l bleen made by _1 . UTT, ofi ew Yor k,
which restores youthful beauty to the hair.
That eminent chemw t has succeeeed in
prodacing a Hair Dye which imitates
nature to perfection. 1ld bachelors may
now rejoice."
Prie 01.00, OAle 88 Murry 8l.,
Nar York. iold by all druggists.
O. S3hai2rath,
Boot and Shoe Maker.
CHALLENGES the world for neatness
and durability of work. Satisfacti "
in fit and materiail guaranteed
Shoi .,n St. Denis St.
.A. E-. r.aemee,
NOTARY PUBLIC.
(Office under Vindicator Otffice,)
ST. DENIS STREET,
NATCIIITOCHES, LA.
April 29.
H]. 1ORES,
JEWELER, JEWELER,
-ANn-- --AID-
OPTICIAN. OPTICIAN.
All kinds of repairing done at the short
est notice, and in the most artistic wan
ner, with full satisfaction guaranteed.
Cloeks, Watches and Jewelry for Sale at
the Lo esct Rites.
A PULL & COOMPLETE STOCK.
Office and Shop on St. Denis St., corner Second
Dec. 22-ly.
JAMES C. MOISE,
Portrait Painter, Nsatclhitoches La.
CABINET SIZE:AND PRICES EXCLU
SIVE OF FRAMES, OVAL OR
SQUARE.
8x10 $15,00. 10x12 $16,00. 12x14 17,50
14x16 $20,00. 16xi8 $25,00.
18x20 $30,00. 18x24 35,00.
LIFE SIZE, HEAD AND BUST, OVAL
OR SQUARE.
20x24 $40,00. 22x27 545,00. 95x30 650,00
KIT-KAT, SQUARE.
29x36 & 30x36 $$0,00, each,
Portraits of deceased persons painted
from photographs.
Dec 15-tt
JOSEPH C KEYSER,
Brickmaker and Layer.
IS PREPARED to do all work entrusted
1 to him quickly and in a workmanlike
manner. Tomb, Chimneys, Cisterns and
other work solicited.
Orders left at BULLARD & CAMP
BELL'S will be promptly attended to.
Jan. 27, r. •
"Beverly T'aolier,
General Collector.
0?' All cQounts promptlpy collectd
OUR WASHIN;ITON LETTIEIR.
WAstlnscn.rox. D. C., Jan. 19, 147s.
Yesterday in tihe Senate the death
of Senator Moirton was aninonnleld aiind
Messrs. McI)onald, Voorlees, Conk- -
ling. Bruce and other Senators spoke
briefly. Mr Voorhees gave the late
Senator credit for entire honesty ot
purpose, great ability and energy,
and textelndetd to his life the same
charity which each oif us will need
whlien the account is finllly made lip.
Mr. Coinklilgfidevoted the miost of his
few imoionts, Io a very ornate col
sideration of heathen funeral services,
but found time to say that lie believ
ed Mr. Morton honest, patriotic alnd
able. The other speeches were comi
mnioinplace. Mr Blaine did not speak.
Mrs. lHayes was in thie gallery of the
Senate throughout.
The House yesterday passed a bill
of great importance. It follows leg
islation is several States, huit other
States have refused recognition to the
principle inivolved. I give the bill in
full, and hope the Senate will pass it:
In the trial of all indictnments, in
torniations, comnllinits and other pro
eev"dings against persons charged
with commission jof crimes, offrices.
and misndeme;lnnors, in the U. S.
S. Courts, Territorial Courts, Court
mantial, and Courts of Inquiery in
any State or Territory (includilng the
Disllict of Columbia) the person so
charged shall at his own request, but
not othorwise, he a competent wit
ness, and his failure to make such re
quest shall not create any presumnp
tion against him."
Secretary Schurz is receiving a
great deal of very well merited con
demnation. He did well to com
mence ann investigation of the In
dian Bureau in his Department.
That was a step that public opinion
demanded lie should take. He did
and un-Ailtielican and unfair and uni
wise thing whlien lie made suborden
ales the investigators, and lie repeat
ed tihe offence when lie locked thenis
up in a roomn, allowing some suspect
eld admittance and denying it to oth
ers and to the publlic. I don't believe
an entirely innocent inan has been
hurt by the investigation, but I be
lieve the chief swindlers have escaped
even inentiont. There is no confi
dence to be placed in such an iinves
tigation. Even Mr. Schurz shows his
own contempt for it by reviewing the
testimony and dismissing men against
whom the investigators found noth
ing in the evidence. Why, then, did
lie procure such an investigation f
Will lie, in invrestigatiung the Land
Offllce, the Peinsion Office and the
other bureaus, pursue the same
course I
It is proposwd that some of the Con
gressional inquiries shitll be made in
secret, also. T'his, while wrong, ad
mits ot excuses that Mr. Scllrnlz can
not have. If Congressional Counmmit
tees should assign the work ot inquiry
to their clerks the would be guilty of
the sasme extent of mneanness as the
Secretary. But they are elected re
presentatives of the people, and by
their position are the peers of any
persons they may be called upon to
condemn ; and, besides that, their
recomnlendations before they can be
made effectual, must pass the ordeal
of thorough and open discussion in
the two House, instead of receiving
the scanty sci'utiny of one overwork
ed and perhaps partial Secretary.
It will be a hIappy day for thie conn
try when Congressmen and Secre
laries begin to appreciate the rights
of citizens, whether those citizens are
or are not in somnie way connected
with the Government.
Mr. Stephens of Georgia will re
receive for the House of Rlepresenta
tives the picture of President Lin
coln signing thie Emancipation Pro
clamation. He will, no doubt, speak
eloquently and well, as hie always
does. But, Mr. Stephens, where is
thlnat general amnesty bill? There
was to be a speechl on that subject.
It issaid that those who favor tihe
remonetization of silver have given
up all hope of carrying tine measure
through thie Senate over a Presiden
tial veto. I venture to suggest to
themn that they adopt an early sung
gestion of your correspondent and re
fer to the Courts the question wheth
er we have a President or not to veto
thie bill. If they are as much in earn
est as they profess to be-and I do
not doubt it-they have an oppor
tunity to put themselves righl Jfefore
their constituents. It will reqirc4,
only a majority to secure the neces
sary legislation, and silver men are a
clear nmajority in both Houses.
ALBION.
THE LATEST MOVE.
Concerning the Returning Board Case
-Application to Bring the Suit into
the United States Circuit Court.
[N O. Picayune.]
Messrs. Cullom and Castellanos and
Mr. John Ray, of counsel for ex-Gov.
Wells, Gen. Anderson, Casanave and
Kenner, members of the Returning
Board, yesterday presented a petition
to thle Auperior Criminal Court, prnay
ing for a removal of thie case against
thelatter to thie United States Re
vised Statutes, on thIe ground pliln
cipally that the law authorizing tine
drawing of juries in and for thie par
ieh of Orleans in crinninal cases op
perates injustice to thie accused, inas
much as it places in thie hIands of tine
oficers authorized by the law to draw
such juries as they may see proper,
and that ih this instance out of tine
whole venire there is not a colored
man ; for thine further reason that by
virtue of the existence of great pub
lic prejudice in the mindsof the white
population of this city thie oflicer.
have, wictingly or nowittingly, drawn
such a jury as are believed to be irm
pressed by this prejudice.
Judge Whitaker ordered thie ap
plication to be filed and fixed thie case
for arsumeut at 10 A. M., to day.
FROM EVERYWHERE.
WASIIHINGTON.
Ti'r sub-Colniittee orh Levees, cour
iposedl of Messrsi'. Money. of Mississilppli,
Hatcher, of Missouri. ullal iRoliison, of
Miassachusetts, haive not yet agreed upon
a plain of action, tihoilgh ti first. twoI
favor an nit rllriiialionl. Lialing friends
of the miieas urei slpea' k d'spliiently of the
1irspe'lt of the hill. Thel iimiliii tee
was solid for the mIeasuilt're iri the last ('ouii
gress. Now, five oulit oif el'even of tlhe
coniluinittee imembers arle dead iaga:lin it it.
The friends of the levees heliele' that
Speaker l{andall or(irgaized the clluinuite
with a ' hew to dehfit altion. The chair
1nli1 of the comnlitteei (Mr. ilohertson, of
Loulisialina), lon whoii liiiluch i pie'ls, is
still ablilselint, though Conl gress has ibeen ini
sessiolnl twoi weeks sinl'e the recess. The
presniiene of the ichairiaiin is imiportalint, if
anything is to Ie dote Me.tltnih' there
is no10 urt of alglreleilnt or concurrence '
among the leading frienids of the levees,
anid unt I they iagree oil a coIuiiiion plain,
no proiress can be iiiile in inidling 0
Northerni leibers to snl1 sport the hill.
Messirs. Conger., of Miilhgan, Kelly, of
l'eniii sylvaiila, Garfield, of t)Ohioi, liunlll
of Minisolitia, are Stit to lie fitavorale to
a plan fi permanentilii iillnlprovement. w'hilch
it is estiatliltdl call hie iiale tfir $15,0J00,
0). G(in. lllunllphr'ys, of flite ngiineer
llilrlan, favors a permanenilt systeln of' ire'
chiinatioi.
Tihe report of the commiittee ill the cais
of Acklin vs S)arrall will be mauln1' this
week probably, and will he a party divi
sion. Acklin i5s entitledl to the seat and
will get it.
The Cliliimittee on Wlays iill Melans
are practically settle.d upon their plilian of
tariff, except as to suar and fill the il
ternalll revenulie duties. It is deemled cer
tain that a majority will be for a reliuc.
tion of the tobacco tax to sixteen cents,
whisky tax tIlo sixty cents per ga:illion, land
a tax oni iiniomes,. Seven menmblers of the
comminniittee, inclnuding Mr. Wood. will
favor the income tax and redIuetiolns on
whisky 'and tobacco. leThis vote assures
the report of the schemelii to thle House ianiid
its probable adoption.
Stillwell IT. Russell was nominatedl to
day as II. S. Marshal for 'T'exas, over forty
colmpetitors. 1le was recoiiiinenider by
Senator Mack'ky.
Chaliimers' Pacific Railroad bill is slb
stantially the bill which Lamar drew two
years ago. with the propoosed amendment
of Franklin Landers, of Indianali, added,
making the subsidy $20,010 per ie' pliay
able in greelnhacks, instead of guarantee
ing the initerest of the company'ls 1honds.
The ront+ lprl'Oposedl lby the ChaIlicrs hill,
hiowever, diifters fromii that of Lamar, run
iniinig fartiher to the south, and passing
throngh Louisinlia instead of Arkansas,
its terminnus at Vicksuilrg, ý'ith branches
to Meiiphis and New Orleans.
It. hais nothing in commoi' with the iin
famlous llacklione scheime, but is entirely
an indepenldenlt project, emlibodying ain
idea of Clhalmers. It will be strongly ad
vocateld by Chalmnirs, who is a illemliber Iof
the Railroad Conmuiittee, and will find
considptrable support aiiniong those who
favor expansion oif the currency 1on the
greenl'illlhack pllin. It is lnot viewed with
Imuich favor by Tom Scott's mainagers here.
War Notes.
Thei Times Berlin correspondent says:
According to the latest rumors the Ti'urk
ishl peiace delegates, it is explected, will
refer the less acceptable points of lns
sian conditioins to Conistantinopiile. li
this ease the Russialls will lladvance.
Austria seenis conifitdentially informled
of' .ussia's determination to advaniice in
the direction of Constantinople if their
termls are rejected.
Austria has waived her objection to
lRuilssianili ocelpatioln of Constantinople.
Should Russia's intention be carried out
it is supposed ussilian peace lnegotiations
will slubseqiuently demnandl the conversion
of Constalitinople into a sort of neutral
coinllnonwealth.
It also says in an earlier tAlegram that
there is reaisoil to IlSillmle that the Porte
will comlmunliceao tie Russiali conditions
to European powers, threatening to ac
cept anything if lcft without siipport.
Advices from Constantinople show gen
erally that a panic prevailed there, and
the excitement was hourly increasing.
It is believed that the guliiralntee, ll pow
ers would selid ships to protect tieir sub
jects. New ihstruictions to the peilce del
eguttes, of which Ized PhlSlli wits the hear
er, were 51nllt imiorIe o11 Itclouilnt of the pa
lnic than for any other callile.
The noW iistruictionll, is e'Vll as con
ferriio far fnller powers, iisist.n liove' all.
upon oiring everythiig pll5sihle to stop
the Rllssl lidvailnce. This correspoil
dent il1o lilenltionis the Riiilin threat to
miarch on Constantinople.
An otlicial anllnounilecemuit has been pub
lished il Constintinople stattiiig that, if
negotiations fail, everything is prepared
for a diefense to the last extreniity, and
advises the inhabitants to be cahu.
The peace delegates are instructed to
make peace Oil ally terms, so as to stop
the Russian advance.
Reports of a Russian iaihlviince beyond
Adrianople are beginning to attract at
tentiohi, but wild statemlents tronm Con
a :tgjgiiopbl do not conlinanld niuch credit.
...s ttiiighit that at mhost only a few
itussian cavalry have been seeu in the
direction of Galipoli.
In the House of Commons, yesterday,
Mr. Bourke, Under Secretary for the For
cigil Department in reply to a question,
said, the Foreign Office his received no
inforniation of an authelitic character
that a strong Russian force was marching
ion Galipoli, but had received reports,
concerning the truth of which it had no
mIeans ofJndging, that Rilssian troops
were advancing in that direction.
The reports were u ndonbtedly forwar
ded by Mr. Layard, British Ambassador
at Constantinople, as current rumor, and
therefore have the same basis as special
dispatches of the Telegraph and Stand
ard.
The panic in Constantinople, conse.
qnent on the evacution of Adriauoplc,
and the arrival of thonsands of refugees,
would be sulficielrt to aeconllt for the cir
culation of slch rumors.
Their trasmuissionl here may be a new
effort to inhuce the British (abinet to
take some step which would involve a
breach of neutrality; in a similar sense
they will be construed by those who be
leive Prince Bismarck wishes to see Eng
land involved in a war with Russia.
The Turkish Parliament voted an ad
dress asking the Sultan to hasten a con
elnsion of peace, or if impossible by ex
orbitant Russian conditions, to organize
resistance to the bitter end.
BERLIN.
The semi-offical Provincial Correspond
enee, in its issue says its perceives, in the
earnest and snccessful negotiations for
an armstice, the probability of a speedy
onclusion of peace. The article adds:
A complete peace will not be settled by
the two belligerents alone, and the solu
tion of the questions which have to be
taken into ~eouek!ratiou cannot, to a per
tain extent, he Il lt'-(eted withoIt a previousi
undlrstatdiulil of the Europe:n pIowerst
aid their co-3pcr'aion (: but the rehlaions
hiiiltierto suit siisti g Ieiwen the p.owctvs
alpp:ar to atird goal ,rounds for truistiing,
at this de'isive  Int ieit of IInu"l pti º ((con
pIliatirbns, sm'rci ss will attcwil Ihli' (llbrits
to irinig alIltt a solutii n, while htilly pro- C
tetting the interests of a gen'ral pIace
A ihpledge of this seetm.s to he allorded by
thl wisdomi3 Iul 1tod1,ertio. of the Em
lpert of Russia, his intimate union with a
neighloirig powtrs, a:rdl the peacefitl
displosition reccltly maniti sted by Enll- i
land. 11
St. Petersburg.
Is app:ears that the latest advicest frolll
Londolno and Vienna are otfa lrather satis- i
faetory ch:r3 ettr. 'Thl relations between
iRussiat :and inglaud are now ,n a better
foot ing.
'lThe AecC Riusse s:ays: The onlos was '
well infitillltedl when it ianllOlllC( l, ill a t
telegram froml Vinolna. that Austria mee'in- t
ed to be entirely reassured as to the pro- ql
tection of her inttrests in tile approaching t
neg(rotiations for peace.
The AgencI Rhisse: These cotnsilder t
tiolns lhan proahlll~ y had sow3 ething t,, do
with the imuprovement which has taken
phlacc ill the sitaltion in Lourdon.
European News.
The American ship lrintg Brothers,
Capt. Thlornlike, from Norfolk for Liver- R
pool, evu3e into collision wit h the Spanisht
stu3'1shi lPonce, Carpt. Porturadol, in the
Mersey. o'f L.iverpool, last week. The
steamsilhpsonk and two of the crew were
drowned. The llaring Brothers was mn(ch
injured :and is making water rapidly. I
Shit- has b.e3n towed uip the river and an- -
clhortd. Site was. c teriug the river in t
tow wh.nt struck by the Ponice. A heavy a
fog prevailed at the tit3me.
The (!onstitutional Convenlist. I
What the Press Says.
McCranie, of the Telegraiph1,hardly t
stated it correctly ¶week before last t
when he said that the question agita
ting our wise legislators was whether
Louisiana's liberties and prosperity i
were worth the price of a constit
tional convention. This is what is c
ostensibly distuirling the legislative
mind, and what it desires the people
to believe is the true cause of its lies I
itation. But many of the people think I
d ifferen tly, and refuse to be cop vi nced. I
The argunment oflexpense is an insult
to the understanding of the peieple al
most as gross as the piosenit constilu
tion is to their uanhood.--Monroe I
observer.
We will give a handsome reward
for acity paper that dares to speak out
in favor of Constitutional reforms.
'Twus not so a few weeks since. Yet
there are country members represent
ing country constituencies who are
willing to take their cue from N. O.
politicians-at least we have their
own admission that they wenlt to the
city warmly enlisted on the side of a
Convention, and now find themselves
fighting the office-holder's battle. We
commend these gentlemen to their
coulntry constituencies. The next
time tlhey show their handsome phy
siognomites in public places it will do
thenm good.-Marksville Bulletin.
It is quite plain that a majority of
the members of the Legislatuie have
determined that the people shall not
have a new Constitution. This ma
jority of rmis-representatives have
been interviewed by a New Orlealns
Democrat reporter, and it is quite re
freshing to mnark with what indiftfer
ence this important suhject is handled
by 1(those Pigmiy statesmen. And it is
truly wonlerfuIl what strange bed-ftel
lows politics will maklie; for instance, a
distiniguished senator, representing a
Democratic district, gives expressiont
to precisely tihe same pantaitic views
entertained by the Right Honorable
Mr. Demas, the colored Hercules of
his race in the House for a number of
years, and well known to be amntong
the most corrupt. These men are in- I
spired alike and ftar to disturb the I
tranquility of the ipeople. T'hley are
both long term Senators, and it is inu
probable that eitlher would lie return
ed to the Senate in the event ofa new
election. The objections to a Consti
tutional Convention are so) flimsy that
those who express them are aslhamed '
of their own views, and nlmost in the
samne breath declare that something I
ought to be done iI the way of patch
ing up the old rotten hIulk.--Minden
Denmocrat.
Whatever has come over the dreams
of some of our Representatives, we are
unable to tell, unless, as Bill Arp
would say, "they have been taken ('i.
to a mounutain." 'rlTose that mIade
decided and positive declaraliots not
long since, in favor of a cotivention,
now say they would not press tihe e~
treme of a cin venation.
'IThlose itRepresentatives that saidl
none but oftice-hlollers opposed a cln
vention, have verified thleir own dec
larations, and Ol3pose it as stoutly as
they once favored. Ti'mes change
and men with them, but hIow a few
weeks can kinock down thle pinst of a
man's fiith, on a question fully IUmat
red and a positive stand taken, is
more than the average mnan can un
derstand, leaving out extraneous in
fluences. The present Legislature
will be watched, as none other ever
mas been. The people are watchling
closely the actions of their represen
tatives., They are treasuring up ac
tions and utteranees and declarations,
and will use thenl with piowerful ef
fect one of these days.-Vieutnnat Sen
tinuel.
There is going to be uar in camp if
the Legislature refuses to call the con
stitutional convention. Thle D)emo
cratic party has fought thie good fight
for reform and she'll keep her ranks
well closed up and straight in favor of
ctrrying out her pledges. Conven
tion, site says, and convention she
will have.-Batou Rouge Advocate.
The legislature will soon have to
pltee itself on record on the question
of holding a Constitutional Convert
tion. There can be no doubt of its
duty in the premises. The press and
pieople have spoken in no uncertain
key, and the wayfuring men has now
no ecuse for going astray. If that
body refuses to act it will do eodih
erately alnd with CeSy ppen. Wp
warn the legislatu are now, that the
question of hlolding the Connvention
will he mtade ithe issue of the fill cani
paigni, and the lines tightly dtawn.-
InI such a 'onltest hiose who ale not
with us will be against us. To Ihisr
complexion will things comie at
last.-Marksville IlBulltin.
The legislatlre has been in -.ssion
a week and their work manonts to
zero, zero. A joint committee hais
been appoitced to suggest amend
Inents to tile ronstitition, with in
structions to report ill twenty days.
Soime me 1bers Ilao faintlyisuggeated
that the session be one of thirty days,
hut the ma;jority of the honorable gen
tlemen believe they cannot tet through
in less than sixty, and perhaps there
will be an extra session tacl:ed on to
this. One fiact is only too apparent,
the legislature will overlook the ardent
desire ,of the people for a new Colnsti
tirtioni and real substantial reform, and
will, as far as it dares, continue the
same old extravagant and corrupt
riode of conducting the State affairs.
-Monroe Observer.
The first few days of the session of
the legislature have already denion
stratetl the necessity of a constitu
tiolnal convehtiin. No one has yet
been fmound, either in or out of the
l)Democratic party, that we have heard
of, who will admit that the present
legislature should not change the con
ftitution in some way or other. Even
the best informed Radicals believe,
as Mr. Blackburn, a member of the
last convention, Ihasi stated, that the
constitution of 1868 was intended to
he only a tempory expedient. And
the thing so stinks in the nostrils of
every Democrat and Conservative in
the State that none would dare vote
to continue it any longer over an un
willing people.
But too many members of the leg
islature think that the instrument can
be reformed by a species of pretty
quackery, without seizing Ihld of the
surgeon's knife and cutting it up
from head to foot. Mr. Hlahn comes
forward with his idea of a constitu
tional commission, which was once
tried unsaceessfully in the State of
New York. Other members come
forward with this, that and the other
amendment to be submitted to the
popular. This latter plan is the fa
vorite one with the opponents of a
convention. But we predict that it
will prove so impracticable as to be
entirely given up, through it is very
evident that the greater part of the
valuable timeof the session will be
wasted in discussing the numberless
amtendments that will be presented
for adoption. There will be a hno
dred of them. Few are likely to pass
by a two-thirds vote and receive the
governor's signature. And when sub
mitted to the people they will share
the fate of those voted on at the last
election.
We therefore venture the predic
tion that, after a month's fruitless
discussion, the members themselves
will become satisfied that all this
quackery is impracticable, and will
vote to call a convention. Inu the
meantime the preasnra in favor of
the measure is getting so great that
it will soon be impqossible to resist it.
We warn the legislature that the peo
ple are in no humor to be tailled with
on this important subject.-fShrvvo
port Times.
News from Our Friends.
VERNON.
January 20, 1$78.
Dear Vindicator :
Our community was shocked on last
Friday morniug, by the annouacernmeut of
the death of Mrs. Virginia V. McGee,
who died the niight previous at about 8
o'clock of pucnlaouia. Many of her
firiends not knowing that she was sick,
before hearing of her death. She wasta.
ken on Monday previois, and so severe
was the attack, that on Tuesday a pro
mature accouchlnent took plaiceo, the babe
living only a few hours. Mrs. McGee
was the fifth daughter of John R. Smart,
and was married on tie 23 of September
1875, to Mr. Philip W. McGee. Mrs. Mc
Gee was in the bloom of life, a pure and
good wonman, gentle and kind, toaill ; the
center of the affection of a large circle of
friends, she leaves a little son about nine
teen monlths ol0, who can never know the
loss lie has sustained, for although in af
ter years hie may be told of the virtuons
nmother, who was taken from him by
Fate's cruel decree, yet he can never re
alize the half of his loss, There is a con
siderable amount of pneumnonia in our
coulnt'y, and I have never known colds
so prevalent, or severe. I suppose the
severity of the winter is the cause. The
time is at handi whlen Farmers should
prepwire for another crop, but there in lit
tie done yet in this neighborhood in that
line. Timds are d(ll, and money very
nscarce, and growing more beauttifully fso,
every day; thanks to contraction, and
Shermanized Resnmlption policy. We
were taught to believe that bsniness
vwonlc revive, taxes would he reduced.,
aid prospecrity aghain annile over the lald
as soon as tlhe Democratic Reforn, Party
got control of the State Government, but
we have had one year of that rule, and
moueiy in mlore scarce, and taxes remain
same, hut more onerous because of tie
Sgreater scarcity of nmoney. Nor will it be
otherwise until the knife is applied to
the leadliig strings that binl us1 to the
corrupt leadcers who legislate under the
direction of thie nmoneyed aristrcrac.
SI've heard recentlyof some prominent
merchants in New Orleans who have fiail.
ed, also of several ini Alexandria, and in
all the large cities these failures are al
most all every lay occrrellc(iei alnd are
Sconstantly increasing in number, there is
a cause for it and it is not overproduor
tlo. Yours Truly,
iVERNON.
SN. B. Since writing thie above I've
Slearned that the negro church, in this
I ineighlborhood was burned about dark to.
SIaight, likely the work of an incendiary,
tas I aml todl tlere was no religious serr
Svices at the uhu!rph tu-da,. Sllqu!h
Shr 0