014# Es as-sonsas - -
V;4O. E.GILLESPIE, " Editor.
NATC-I{1TOCHES
SA'IrenDAY - - - May 27, IM B.
-. - -- I I r W
I 'qoare.... e 4 44 4G 5114 Ilil13 o i . 00
2 squ4ares... 7 00 10 00 15 00 -t1 00 2 00)
:1 .,q res... 1(00 0 1 03 1 I t 4 Il)li 0 40
4 slure,... 140'IS0 00 2 00 1o u :15 00
5 squares... 170)) 20 04 2,7 00 35 440 444 0
6 lquar. s.. J100 24 010 32 00 4) (10 45 00
7 squares... 2'1 )I 27 il 36 00 54 04 70 (0
M squares... 28 00 3' 00 40 0(4 443 04 i44 000
10 squares... 31 00 35 40 50 00 57 ll4 115 (.0
13 Asquar0e... 43 0MI G6 0o0 7 110 11O 00423 00
t sqluares... i'10)0 8) 00 90 0)I 125 00l150 (0
Transient aIdvertisements !.4it i perl ulnre ,f
IU lines lirevier. first inhertion. E+ach subse.
quent insertion 73T cents per squ4are.
All llanges i a:dvertisemlents to be
charged as if new.
Transient advertisements must be paid
for in advance.
All bills w ih regular adlvertisers ren
dered qnarterly.
One inch of solid brevier constitutes a
s8qare.
Marrinae and obituary notices Ieyond
the s'hnpfi annrtoncement, resolutions or
cardis of thanks, charged as advertise
Rates of Sabscription.
One Copy one year...................$2...,0
One Copy six months................. 1 00
(Payable in advance.)
tHIe PAPER IS ON nFILE WI
Whaee Advrtisa"s Cntreets ean be Imd
W. WV. SHARP & CO.,
PUBLISHERS' AGENTS,
No. 25 Park Roiw, nKie York,
Are authorized to contract for ad
vertising in our paper.
Religious Notice.
The Rev. Joel T. Daves, Presiding El
iler of the Shreveport District, will hold
his second Quarterly meeting at Natchi
toches, by preaching in Trinity Church
Wednes :ay 31st. at 74 P. M., and each
succeeding night, until June 3rd, at tbe
anme hour and place. 1120 2t.
The follo~'ing resolltion was u
unanimously adopted at the Con- a
vention of the Democratic-Con- a
servative party held here, May 8th, t'
876:
Resolred, THAT THIS CONVENTION
EARNESTLY REQUEST TIlE VOTERS OF
T-HIS PARISH TO SUBSCRIBE FOR, AND
USE EVERY EFFORT TO INCREASE THE
CIRCULATION OF THIE PEOPLE'S
VINDICATOR, the true and faithful i
exponent of the People's wishes.
The report of the Freedman's Bank r
Committee, says that institution de
generated into a monstrous swindle,
and was almost from the start, a
scheme of selfishness under the guise
of philanthropy, and to its confiding
victims, an incorporate bodly of false
pretences.
Democratic delegates from Kansas,
are instructed for Hendricks. Ex
Senator Ross in full accord with them !
A special dispatch to the Galveston
NEws, dated 18th inst., reports the
robbing of the mail and passengers,
eighteen miles West of Dallas, of
$7000. The highwaymen made their
escape.
Company "C" 3d Regiment U. 8.
Infantry, Capt. Jas. A. Snyder, has
been relieved from duty at this Post,
and replaced by Company "H" same
IRegiment, Capt. Hobart in command.
On Tuesday night last, at about 12
o'elock, a party of men called on the
Jailor, and demanded the keys, which
being given up, they proceeded to the
jail, went in, shot and killed one
Douglass, a colored man, for many
years tmown in this parish as a no
.torious thief. The jailor stated that
he did not recognise any of the party,
thought they were strangers. It has
been rumored sines, that they were
men who had been connected in some
disreputable way with the man they
killed, and were afraid of what he
might tell.
It is not somme it fast to say,
you. are not going to the Centen
nial but it is to say, "I expect-to
go, but it may be lae in the sea
son before the opportunity is af
forded me of visiting the Intertna
flonsl Exhibition, at Philadel
phia?
The VINDICATOR from now
until the election for One Dollar.
Subscribe.
Last reports from Eads Jetties
ta; quite favorable, as to the sue
cas of the enterpris.
.According to the Census of 1870,
there are twetity-five thousand
Methodist preachers in the Uni
ted States.
Rumor has it that Geo. L. Smith
received te soumination at the Radi
eal Convention, . held at Shreveport
ae tlJ24th inst., for member of Con
,ps hemt tbe 4th Congressional Die
It sever . ra.. I . Thibe Egyp
liea, Soath b eica, or in Tatt.
Northib m
The Returning Board. S
Tile great hope of the Radical ras
cals in this State has received a weak.
ening blow from the dissenting opin
ion of Judge Wyly, of the Supreme
Court, Judlge Morgan concurring, in
the case of Moncure vs. Antoine Du- IIE
blulet, for the office of Treasurer of
State. Montcure was elected to the
office of State Treasurer, and Dubln.
clet was returnled by the Returning
Board, took the office, and has held it t
ever since, and recently, the Supreme wat
Court of the State has confirmed him l'it
in his usurpation. We publish in to
day's issue, extracts from the opinion ter
of Judge Wyly, dissenting from the rst
opinion of the Court, and as will be sa
seen, his argument will, sooner or la
ter, tell with fatal certainty on one oi
of the most iniquitous laws ever per
pietrated on civilized man. J
We ale albshlutely certain that there whI
cannot be found in the State of Lou.ol
isiana three men with hardihood suf
ficient to undertake the task of re
enacting the villanies committed by of
tlthe last lReturning Board. No! we Di
think the time for Radicals boasting a
that they can "count us out," is gone fn
, by, but if they will persist in holding f"
0 such an outrage up to the scorn of stt
decent people, it is rather an idle "
threat, than anything like reality.
Judge Wyly's opinion must have a
weight and intluence, because of its be
strong legal argument and truthful thi
force. The will of the people cannot at
be set aside by the acts of man or by
any act of men, if law is allowed to e
fodlow its ligitimate course, unob
structed by outside pressure. gi
The last "counting out" by the Re- thi
turning Board, mas been done in this tif
State, and of this fact, our people Gt
can' rest well assured, for if we poll a be
tmajority of the votes at the ballot ri
boxes this Fall, there is no power on of
earth to keep us from enjoying the Tl
- fruits of our victory.
Do not then think of saying "It is 18
I, no use to vote, the Returning Board in
h will count us out." This little game th
e of theirs has been played for the last ty
time, and no set of men will take
s upon themselves the odium of such 14
an attempt, when they will feel mor- on
ally certain that the Courts will fius
trate their best laid schemes of'fraud, pr
and it will not end here, when we la
have a non-partizan Court, willing to cr
n uphold the majesty of the law, but, to
on the other hand, their -acts will be is
canvassed, and if it turns out that CO
s they have committed the crime of co
I purjury, the Court will condemn dt
them to pay the penalty. li
Thus, one by one the props from
k under the Radical edifice are falling Ci
out, and next election will find it Ji
a, razed to the ground, not a stone left, it
a one upon the other, to tell of its for- hi
o mer site, and when we are rid of it
g entirely, it is then we may expect to at
Slive in peace and quietude, then and C
only then. tl
,----- et
Useful Employments. ti
! There cannot be found any thing
more delightful and exhillerating than
good, usehtl employment, persued
with vigor and intelligence, for the
Saccomplishment of certain aims ben
ofeficial for the use of man, in some t
r way or other. A great deal of pleas n
are will be derived from the occupa
tion of the mind and body, aside from a
the matelial considerations involved
Sin the case, but how men of good
t, common sense can waist their time
Sand money, patronizing itenerant
Sbazars, and branch bunko establish
1 ments, is something that surpasses
ie ordinary comprehension, and leaves
Sone in doubt, whether or net lhe has
drawn his information from reliable
sources. If men have money to throw
Saway so carelessly, why do they not t
seekontsomo needy object, and prac
Stice towards that object the holiest of
all the christian virtues, charity
y, There would be some merit in this,
and certainly more real pleasure de.
rived from such a source, from one
Sact of charity, than if all the money
ethat could he found in one of these
establishments was in your posses
eion. Yet, our people will throw
, away their money on anything that
comes along, and persist in exhibiting
to every straunger, their extreme gul
libility.
f We refer parties interested in
ta the Convent of the Sacred Hleart,
I1 (St. Michael's) St. James parish,
La.. to their advertisement, to be
found in to day's issne, for all
necessary information relating to
Sthis time-honored Inlstitution.
Mt. .L Carver, Agent at this
les place.
SWe have received the Wash
ington (La.) ENTEBPRISE with a
0, paragraph marked in red, which
d is addressed to "Exchanges,"
i. charging them with not "return.
ing compliments." If our neigh
bor has failed to receive our paper
in return, it must have been
Sthrough the fault of the mails, and
not through any neglect of ours,
and we can assure him that here
after this matter shall have our
personal attention, as we do not
p desire to be dropped from his ex
t, change li.t,
a IF'n& A.analphof Job material eust is
Synopsis of Seelye and Fergu- I
son's Testimony before the
Louisiana Investigation
Committee. c'
clol
Morey Charged with Forgery Sot
and Attempt to Murder. hIen
SIIERWnIG, CRAW1FOID, CASEY AD rail
f Ox's STEALINGS. ll
- enl
(Special to the N. 0. Democrat.] ill
Washington, May 16.-Seelyc's tes- Ih
Stimiony was of a most startling and f,m
damaging character. Charges Morey inm
with torging warrants for the arrest hot
of citizens to be kept in jail until af- tin
ter the election. Says he was in- cal
structed by Morey to assassinate TIt
Isaac N. Glover ; victims life was ve
saved by Seelyc having to attend ie
, other prisoners. Morey was certain Org
that lie would kill Glover. Charges WI
Jewett with issuing writs of arrests )el
e when he had no Commission. Seelye till
sold original telegrams to Morey for pa
X700, but kept copies of them. the
Morey directed all the movements ,do
of the Cavalry and Infitutry in the st,
District ; was afraid to move without
a guard. When Lowell was arrested to
for his defiieantion in New Orleans, dli
for $68,000, Morey wanted Seelye to cre
jf steal the bond, as the most expedient for
e way of getting out of the scrape. ph
Morey and Darrall are greatly
e alarmed, and the Republican mem
is hers are appalled and disgusted at
i the damaging disclosures brought pia
t about by the investigation. 7tl
, No more troops for election purpo- Cl
to Res.
. Washington, IMay 18.-G. A. Fer- joi
guson, in the Cigar Department of tet
the New Orleans Customhouse, tes- ad
is tified how Cigars were smuggled as TI
Ie Guava Jelly, and the profits divided wI
a between the members of the cigar St
at ring in the Customhouse, composed lln
,n of Herwig, Dillingham, Crawford and p,
te Thomas Ong. scl
He was Clerk in the cigar-room in en
is 1873, and saw twelve cases of cigars su
"d invoiced as Guava Jelly, received by ad
le the Department, consigned to a par- dti
st ty named H. Huard. bi
;e Witness related how an invoice of al,
:, 140,000 cigars was made for 70,000 w1
r- only. fo
s. Ex Senator, Mat Carpenter, ex- re
1, presses great disggst at brother-in- tr
re law Dillingham, on account of his fo
to crookedness being exposed, and will aI
t, turn his back upon him if the thing tit
je is proved. Ferguson's testimony is
at considered by Republicans here as R
of conclusive evidence oftorrupt con
in duct and management of the Custom
house, by Casey and lHerwig.
m Morey made no appearance in the
ig Committee room to-day. Republican
it Journals pronounce him guilty, and II
ft, it is said he has concluded to remove ce
hr- his domicile from Louisiana. di
it Ferguson testified that he knew of, at
to and saw fraudulent pay rolls in the di
ad Custolmhouse, four months prior to
the last Presidential election. This r
corroborates Seelye's testimony on h
the same point. p1
Enough has been elicited already b
ng to make the removal of Casey, Her- t
ewig and Dillingham, almost centain. si
le Kellogg left yesterday, having ntter- d
ly failed in his endeavor to obtain
Stroops. is time ispast. The Attor
ney General positively refused. Grant C
is completely disgusted with Louisi- G
anna affairs, and the Government has 8
m C
ed snnbbed Kellogg. d
d PARISl CEITRAI, EXECUTIVE COM*
Me ITTEE.--TIte Imembers of this Com
t mittee must remember that they are
called upon to meet in thlis city on t
next Monday, the 29th inst., for the
epurpose of perfecting complete or- e
has ganization. It is particularly request
Sed that every member do his utmost
to attend the meeting, and assist in
the organization so essential for the
suc- cess of the party in the coming
contest. There are a great many
things to be done, suech thingeas it
Swill not do to overlook, and moreover,
such things as to require at least a
n majority of the members of this im
e portant committee to transact.
Gentlemen in the country may say
that they do not appreciate the ne
hat cessity to come to town, for thtlis or
any othler political meeting this early
t in the fight, but we can assure them,
;ui. that this meeting Is absolutely im
perative, and nmust be attended to.
This Committee is really and to all
intents and purposes, the party con
centrated in the. hands of a few, so
ish, far as its practical working is con
be erned, and after its thorough or
all ganuization, the machilery of the
; to party can be worked without calling
on gentlemen so often to come from
is their business.
....-~f· • ,q --- ...
Capt. Ends and Mat. Howells, at
asl- the Passes, have had a pass at each
h aother concerning the passage of ves
lich sels throughl the Passes, the latter
e contending that there was more wa
ter at the Sotlh west Pass, titan at
the South Pass; while the former
contended for his Pass, and said that
vper essels could pass through the Jetty
en pass drawing fifteen feet water, and,
d moreover thinks it passing strange
1ir, that Maj. Howells should leave his
ere- Pass anid pass over to his (Eads) Pass,
our witbout getting a pass from the U.
not 8. authorities to pass in the South
e. Pass, and pass an opinion uponethe
Jettie.Pass, without positive instrc
tions passed from head:quarters.
Sa'ta W et your printnig done at
the Vn4DWnrATao Job Omas.
The Storm Suncday vening.
About 4 o'clock in tie afternoon,
Sunday last, a black and threatening
clond came looming ip from the to «
South, with low nmttoing thunder refel
heard ini the distance, big drops of dent
rain began to fall, accompanied with oi
hail-stones now and thin, the scene of 11
enlivened with vivid tlashes of light- Grai
ning. Soon, however, the rain gave to V
place entirely to the hail, and for an wet
few moments. nnthingcame down but unm
immense hail-stunes, thlling upon the earl
house-tops in rapid srccession, crea- pop
ting the noise as if a company of i
cavalry were gallopilg over themt. off
The hail stones were as large as any for
ever seen in this county, some of them the
I measuring fully two iindies in length, boo
I great pieces or slugs of ice, which 'ins
a would have rendered itdangerous for for
persons to receive tlpol the tops of llat
their heads. After a few moments fue
rpase, the wind chane;d around to I
the North West, and he rain came sin(
Shilown in torrents witt more hail- fact
stones, but not so large cha
t The large hail-stones cere confined tre
I to a small, circumsbribil area, and 11lr
, did but little damage to the growing nati
o crop, in fact we may say none at all, thaI
t for we have not heard a single cocm
plaint. lent
fort
Ohio Politics. boa
t A Convention of ;he Democratic tal(
t party assembled in Cncinnati, on the the
7th inst., and elected as permanent
Chairman, Gen. A. Pendleton. Hard
money men seemed to be in the ma. are
jority, but their Reolutions were reo- tic,
i ted down, and a minority report woi
adopted by a vote of 366 to 300. tr
" This is considered a victory for Allen, f
I whom they strongly endorse for the cal
r St. Louis nomination, and their Reso- the
Il lutions favor the repeal of the Re- his
d publican resumption law ; oppose all tic'
schemes involving contraction of the ed
currency, or perpetation of bank is- Mr
's sues, or inereasingthe tax-burdens by an
S additional interest; favor substitu- a
tion of legal tellers for Nat,,nal Rta
bank notes, the general Government wo
if alone to issue a circulating medium, del
his
D whether of paper or metallic. -No be
forced contraction, but a sound cur- be
rency, equal to the wants of the coun- tic
try. The silver dollar a legal tender t
is for all sums, a tariff for revenue only, t
Il and Bill Allen for President, will suit till
g them exactly. It
is Can they carry the State at the fit
next election with such resolutions? ide
Noffs t'rN1s. A
ICommuntcated.l
BrETIIE. GRANGE, No. 231, wi
Natchitochls, Parish, La., is
t May 13th, 1876. n
in Whereas, The order of Patrons of ha
SHIIsbandry are not making war, or nu
e combining against any branch of in
dustry, trade or profession ; (only to Gl
dispense with needless middlemen,
f andi bring the Manufactnrer and pro- Io
e dacer in closer relation) andl th
to Whereas, outr elitrts to bring about 1a
results that would be alike, beneficial be
to the producer and mantufacturer1 inm
n has been met with unprecedented op- dtl
position, not hnly by the Speculator,
but many of the Manufacturing Com- a
rpanies haIve combined with them, and li
refused our agents the same eommis- so
. sins as they give other agents or he
r- dealers, thlereby, making an invidi- b
ots distinction, because we belong to g
the Patrons of Husbandry; w
- Therelfore, he it Resolved, That our p
nt Central Committee of the State cr
ii Grange, wil procure from our Agent, ti
as N. D. Wetmore, the names of such ri
Companies or Firms, that make such s
distinctionts, and preljre a circular in
letter (giving the names of them) to qi
r- be addressed to each Subordinate sc
n. Grange; advising the Patrons not to '
buy, or in any manner patronize said k
r Companies or Firms, until such res- Ia
on trictions are removed. k
he Resolved, Thatthe People's Vindi- fr
.i eator and Home Journal, be requested a
- to publish the above resolution. tl
J. E. KEEGAN, G
st A. V. CARTER, Master. i
in Secretary. n
DECLARATION OP INDEPENDECE.-- i
We received through the mahl this it
it week a photo-lithogranplhic represen
r tation of the Unanimous Declaration
of the Thirteen United States of Amer- A
Sica, with a fanc-simile of the fifty-six a
signers thereto, from the well known
afirm of Messre. Leggo Bros., & Co.,
New York. This is a pertect likeness a
or of the origintl recently taken from m
sly the Interior Dep~artment, and now on
exhibition at Philadelphia. We ex
i, pect to exhihit it on the Fourth of
to July next, and if a very good reader c
all can be had, will ask him to read it
for the beneik of the audience.
50 DIsTRIcT CouuT.-The Jury
o- term of this Court will begin here
Son Monday, June 5th, Judge. :
img Chaplin to Ireside, who, since his
appointment to the office, has
given univeosal satisfaction as to
capacity and fairness, in his de
at cisions.
es- Sheriffs Sales.
ter Benoist C. Rachal, Jr., vs. Mirs. M.
Ma- M. Breazeale. Sale of land, June Sd,
Sat 1876.
ter State vs. Richard Williams and
James Blakely. Sale of land June
3hatd, 1876.
itt Henry Baford vs. Mrs. J. J. Bos
sd, sier. Camp Salubrity land, June 3d,
ge 1876.
is Try it; Ieep trying it, and try it
Me, again. We say this because we be
i U. ieve that the health, happiness and
nth prosperity of the people depend upon
the roper ase of these medicines,
Swhih have aproved .o successful in
mc eradicating disease and defeating
deathb.The medicine so effective in
its cuare of diseases is the great South
ern remedy, Simmons' Liver Regula
Stoe. Try it; we believe that the
*rst trial will hbe satisfactory.
Our Washington Letter. was
prop
Washington, D. C. May 15, 187i. trtvo
year
TIlE GREAT UNKNYOWN,~
to whom Mr. Blaine has so frequently the (
referred as the man who will be snd- alrit
denly sprung upon the Cincinnati coun
Coinvention by the Grant clique, is who
now known to be Mr. Washlburne, a la'
of lllinois, now Minister to Paris. xlii
Grant owes his advancement in life teol
to Washburne, and is determined to natic
secure hinm the nomination if possible. was
It was WTashburn's wish that his Con;
name should not be meuntioned too that
early as a candidate. lie is very uin- the
popular with his party, and lie knows Ain
it, and was therefore afraid to give cole
his legions of enemies time to kill him nive
off by showing his absolute unfitness govt
for the Chief Magistracy. Grant let pall
the cat out of the bag the olther day, last
however, while "in his cups," and ed i
stated that all his iniluencu in the an a
(incinnati Convention will be used of tl
for his early and steadfast patron. by 1
lint the President forgets that his in- will
fluence, even with the rapscallions of to
the Ilepblican party, has been stead- shat
ily and rapidly on the wane, ever the
since it has been regarded as a fixed ing,
fact that lie has not the ghost of a isla
chance of being re-nominated. There the
are dozens of men in the Republican Sim
party who will have more personal mat
influinec on the delegates to Cinciu- Stal
nati than U. S. Grant ; and it is mote pro
than probable that the Convention, pro
scared by the earnestness and evi- pur
dent purpose of the distinguislhed
leaders of the "Liberals" and "Re
forml Republicans" will throw over
board nll the old party hacks, and Die
take up such a man as G. W. Curtis
or George F. loar. Trhe friends of
the several Ter
DEMOCRATIC ASPIR ANTS
are all apparently hopeful. Those of oa
Mr. Bayard are especially enthusias
tic, and make up in zeal and hard
work for their lack of numueical S
strength. lint the number of his car
fiiends is growing larger week by Apl
week-I should lather say his politi. Cot
cal supporters, because all who know
the able and courteous Senator are c
his friends. The friends of Mr. Jus- ed
tice Davis; of the Supreme Court, are tur
working actively for that distinguish- ant1
s ed gentleman, under the direction of anti
Mr. John D. Detrees, an honest man, ing
an able wire-puller, and a personal clhm
ralther than a political friend of Mr. peJ
Davis. The admirers of Mr. Hen- ity
hi dtithe, it is unnecessary to say, are Din
t working vigorous.y for him, and are He
determined to do their best it , ecure fail
his nomination. The Southern mem- u ne
b hers of Congress, however, appear to fra
be all Tilden men, and the friends of j
- the other candidates do not hesitate est
r to say that there is a growing feeling of t
that his nomination may come to be jur
considered a party necessity, by the of
t tinme the St. Louis convention meets. are
It does look that way now. It is dif. its
e ficult to see how we can elect a Pres- by
$ ident without the aid of New York.
Again, if the Republicans throw over- Sts
board their haceks, and select some is
man of irreproachable character, and for
with a good reform recold, which it cal
is quite likely they will do ; the Do. he
moerats must put forward a man who mum
f has distinguished himself as a refor- po
mr lier and a practical public economist. the
o GRANT'S CHOICE FOR TIIE PRESIDENCY. of
iA confidential friend of President t,.
- Grant said, to-day, after inflating to an
the extent of hIalf a dozen glasses of z
t lager, "Do y.lu know wiro is going to t
l be nominated at Cincinnati "' The an
, imnmediate answer from nearly a ev
P- dozen persons hpresenlt was "Blare." b
r, "No, sir," 'as tie reply. "Well then," aj
a- said several of his auditors, "Conk
i ling, or Hlayes." "Not right yet," he
- said the President's friend ; "you will e
irhave to go lower down in the alpha- el
i- bet. The name of the man who will
to get thie nomination begins with a 'W,' u
which his name is Washburue, the f
r present Minister to France." An in- .l
e credulous lauglh greeted this asser
t, tion. "Well, gentlemen," was the
i reply, "I am willing to bet $1000 1
ah gainst $100 that Washburne is nol
r linsted." "But why do you think so 1" ni
o iqueried some one. "Why do I thipk
te so I" was the response ; "because the j.
t 'old man' wants him nominated. You
id know as well as I do that Washburne ci
e- made General Grant, and yon also be
know that Grant never deserts his e
i- friends." "But how about Conkling " c
ed was tlhe next query. "It is reported
that he is Grant's favorite, and that q
Grant is using his influence in Conk- a
liung's behalf." "O, that is all gain- i
mnon," said thie President friend; tihe
President may seem to favor the nom
- ination of Conkling, but is really do- c
is ing all hie can to secure the selection of
n- his friend Washburne. Mark my words! g
Either Washburne or Hayes will re
Sceive tihe nomination at Cincinnati. ,
r An arrangement is already made by
i which Conkling is to throw the vote (
n of New York for Washburne, in case u
he seet no chance of his own nomina- h
Stion. Blaine will of course lead off ,
ess on the first few ballots, but a compro- j
m mise candidate will finally be selected
n and his name is Washburne."
I iocline to think there may boa i
B good deal of truth in all this. It is o
of far from certain that the Republican
er candidate who leads on the first few
it ballots will be the successful one, as 6
the history of nominating conventions t
show. Seward distanced Lincoln by
a respectable majority on the second
ir and third ballots in the Republican o
re Convention of 1864; and yet Lincoln t
cwas finalsly chosen. The race is not
always to the swift, nor the battle to
his tihe strong ; and consequently Bhline
musnt not be too sure of his nomina- t
tion at Cincinnati. As for Conkling, t
lihe stands no earthly show of the nom
e- ination. It is barely possible that he t
may secure a complimentary vote t
from the delegates from his own State;
but even that is by no means certain. ,
As for hiis being the choice of the
SPresident, thle idea is simply ridieu
Slous. Conkling is confessedly an able a
man; but he is excessively egotisti
nd cal and arrogant in his manner, and
no is tihe very last man in the world for
a man of Grant's calibre to "tie to."
Fellows like Rufe Ingalls, Phil Sher
ad an, and Robeson are more to Grant's
liking;and although he may seem
to be on friendly terms with the high- a
Stoned New York Senator, there can
Sbe no doubt he would prefer tlhat some
one else should be nominated at Cin
cinnati. Be this as it may, Grant's
Spresent influence over his party is ex
es ceedingly limited. As a candidate,
be has dropped out of sight altogeth
ioer; and, in the sunset of his power, is j
Salmost deserted by those who, a year
since, were proud to be counted
among his friends and defenders.
TB CCBNTEXIIAL CELEBRATIOn
was first suggested in i8,Gi9, and the cii
proposition was received with general inve
itvor front the start. During that tain
year delegations from seversl States tria
went to Philhdelphia to confer with I
the Centennial committee which had int(
already been appointed by the city gas
councils. The movement took form as i
when Congress in March 1871, passed case
a law providing for anr internaltional silt
exhibition, the appointment of a Cen- a in
teimial commission, &e. The inter- gri
national featuro of the exhibition Lou
was opposed by many imembers of Moi
Colngress, and by lone more earnestly ure
than Senlator Sumner, who urged that was
the exhibition should be distinctively vot
s American, as its main object was the que
o celebration of a great national an- Ret
1 niversary in which the monarchical of
p governments of Eurolpe had no sym- thi:
t patly and should have no part. The mht
last speech of his public life, deliver- ry
I ed in the Uiiited States Senate, was del
an earliest protest against this feature tin;
1 of the bill. In J S72, Congress created pla
.by law a Centennial Bliard of Finance, jud
-with authority to raise Subscrilptions Iec
f to the amount of j10,000,000, in mam
shares of not more tlha $10 each, for fie
r tie purpose of erecting suitable build ant
I ings. Pennsylvalnia, through her leg- asi
a islature, contiibuted *1,0110,(100. and la
e the city of Philadelphia, $500,01i0. com
m Since thenl, liberal eontrbutions f'rom in I
1 many of the Northern anld Western I
States Ihave been Imade in aid of the ha.
e project, and the presenit Congress ap- the
I, prpriated $1,500,000 for the same col
- purpose. C. 1). Sta
ii - - ---- his
Moncure vs. Dubuclet. ma
SDisscntinUg opinion of Justices Wryly tio
uand Jlorqanl. 18t
f -rig
Terrible Ca~i(atlloi of tae Supremlle li
Court by Two of Its Meaiers. tell
-- 1
tf IsuimirlltxG FOIl iVIRY LOCtlISaSIt.S T of
Sn.3 the
r-- ccii
iNo. 5828. State ex rel. J. C. Monl- ad
is cure, appellant, vs. Antoine Dubuclet. un,
Appeal froml the Superior I)istrict is
j. Court for the parish of Orleans. dr
a' JUS'L'TICE WiLY IlISSENTIN.; Coi
e Moneure allleges that lie was elect.
s- ed State Treasurer, but that. the ele- D
c turning Board, by refusing to canvass
I- and count the votes at certiilln polls
f and in certain parishes, and by reject- eel
l, ing others after investigation, so
il changed the result as to make it ap- to
r. pear that Dubuclet received a major' wi
I- itv of the votes, and so declared, and IA
re IDubucle was tlereupon commissioned. ex
e Hle charges that the canvass was not
re fairlv made, and the conduct of the
- Iteetiuning Board was arbitrary and th
to fraudulent. in
of Thime petition was dismissed on the ed
to exception thlat it disclosed no cause
g of action, and the court was without i"
eC jurisdiction to inquire into the aetion tl
le of the Returining Board ; that its acts
s. are limited to its own discretion, and
f" its findings are not subject to review
s. by any court.
k. The doctrine that the Board of w
r- State Canvassers or Returnmug Board m
Ce is vested with the power contended L
id for by defendant, anld that its action
it cannot be reviewed by tihe courts,
e- however arbitrary and fraudulent it
ho miay be, is a dctrine that is not sup- T
- poited Iby act 98 of the acts of 1872, 11
st. the law organizinmg said Returning
lBoard, nor is it authorized by anly law
of this State. On the contrary, the 91
it law ereating thie Returning IBoard l
to and ploviding for time canvass of time j
f votes after ani election, dechares that
to "the returns of the election thus nimade ,
le and promnlgated shall be prima facie I
n evidence in all courts of justice andl
" before all civil officer,*;until set aside i
I" after a contest, aecording to law, of the tI
'k- righlt of any person named therein to
t" hold and exercise thie offlice to which
ill ie shall by such return be declared
a- elected" '
ill What does thislanguage mean It It b
V' means what it says : That the finding 1
he of thie Returning Board are not con- c
1D elusive, but they are only prima fadie I
er evidence in all courts of justice "until l
tie set aside after a contest aeccording to p
law." 1
n-i The intention of the law-giver is c
not obscure. It clearly contemplates ii
uk a review of thie action of the Return- r
th inug Board by the courts, whenever ad
o complaint is made by a party inter- *
ne ested that thie canvass made by sucm I
iso board is unfair, arbitrary or fraudu- t
hi lent, and that it is injurious to thie I
Scomplainant. 1
ted There is no doubt the statute in d
at question was passed in reference to a
mk- article ten of the constitution and tihe
m- laws of the State', giving a remedy
tihe wlere there is a wrong. Article ten I
" of the constitution declares that "all a
do- courts shall be open, andi every per- 1
son, for iijury done him in his land, I
ds! gools, person or reputation, shalli
re- have adequate remedy by due pro
ati. cess of law, and justice administered
by without denial or unreasonable delay."
ote If Monenre was elected State T'rreas- I
uas rer by a majority of 3876 votes over
ha- Iis opponent, Antoine I)ubuaclet, and
off was tfrauduleutly counted out by tihe
re- lieturninm g Board, as lie alleges in time
ted petition (and this averment must be
taken as true for thie purpose of try
ben ing this exception, there is no cause
Sis of action), lie has been uljustly de
can prived of his office, his rights have
few been invaded, and, by article 10 of
, as time constitution, thie courts are open
os to give him "an adequate remedy by
Sdue process of law, anml justice shall
be administered" to him "without de
ca nial amid unreasonable delay." See
o also 27 An., 138.
to In my opinion thie petition discloses
une a cause of action, and thie canvass of
na- the Returning Board in niot beyond
ig, the reach of judicial inquiry. It is
om- the election by the people, and not
t e thie certi8ficate of tile iReturning Board,
vote that gives a right to an ofice. I
tate; think thie case should be remand
ain. ed to be tried on the merits.
rthme * * * * *
icu- Thie forms for every legal demand,
able and they have not cataloigued in the
isti- Code of Practice all the actiomns thlat
and may be broulght in our courts ; it is
for perhap wel lthat they have not done so,
to." lest by the onision of a form, substen
her- tial relief is sone eases might be denied
nt's to a person whose rights hare been in
eem vaded. In ouar opnio plaintliff has
igh- shmon an injury, and if tere be no ex
can press law giving a remedy it can appeal
me to the euity powers of the Court for
Cin- redress.
tnt's Applying the principles of thie case
eI eited to the one at bar, I would say,
lte, in the language of that decision,
'et- "plaintiff (Honcure) has shown an in
r, as jury, and if there be no express law
year giving a remedy he can appeal to the
ted equity powers of the Courts for re
dress. If however, the cause of ac
. tion wero .doubtful I tould feel in
clinedi, In view of the public Interests
involved in the issues herein, to main.
tain the suit and proceed with the
trial on the merits."
I cannot conceive that the public
interest in a controversy between two
gas light companies can be so great
as it is in the case at bar-indeed, no
case has been presented to this court
since I have had the honor of being
a member of it, involving issues of
graver importance to the people of
Louisiana. Biesides the right of Mr.
Moncure to the offlice of State Treas.
urer, to which the plendings admit he
was elected by a imajority of 3876
votes, this case presents the grave
question whether the decision of the
Returning Board can defeat the will
of the ,people, whether there is in
this latld of liberty a power greater
than the peolle, upon whose arbitra.
ry will the right to an office solely
depetlds. The statate of l~72crea.
tiug the Returmulg lhard has not
placet its action beyond the reach of
judicial inquiry; on the contrary, it
declares that the returns of elections
made by this board "shall be prism
facie evidence in all courts of justice
and before all civil ottfficers, until set
aside after a contest according to
law," that means, after a cotltest il
court according to the laws existing
in the State.
It is urged, however, that no man
has a vested right to an office, and,
therefore, plaintiff has no cause to
complain. This is a fallacy. The
State Treasurer has no vested right to
his office in the sense that the people
may not at any time change the gov.
ernment by adopting a new constita.
tion. But while the constitution of
1868 exists this oflicer has a'legal
right to his office, which cannot le
divested excep in the manner indica
ted by the constitution.
In my opinion, where a legal right
of a citizen has been invaded, or where
there is a %wrong, there is an adequate
remedy, and the courts are open to
administer justice without denial and
unreasonable delay. I believe there
is ample power in the court to re.
dress the wrong of which plaintiff"
complains. I therefore dissent.
Justice Morgan concurs.--N 0.
Democrat.
Acting Gov. Antoine exercised him.
self to the utmost to' procure troops,
to suppress riotous proceeding that
were going on somewhere-pot is
Louisiana, but in Mississippi. Any
excuse is sufficient for these Radical
harpies to get up a hue and cry against
I the people. In the place of this ie
ing a "Ku-Klux" outrage, as report,
ed, it was a mob of infuriated negrees
in the State of Mississippi, resisting
the officers of the law, and those who
' wre killed, were in open defiance of
said omfeer and his posse, who wem
V.ttentpting to arrest parties charged
with the murder of Aronson, a Ger
man Jecv, who had a small store in
d Louisiana, near the State line. The
negroes called him out at night and
t literally riddled him with backshot.
This occurred on Thlrsday night,
11 th inst., and created in the adjoin
ý ing county, as tmay well be imagined
e great excitement. The Sheriff of
d Wilkinson county, iu the State o
I Mississippi, is a Republican, and was
in thie discharge of his official dties
c whzen the negroes were killed.
1 It is not known how many wfs
Ie killed, liut it is thought that sonq
Stihe sing leaders are at large yet.
PId POER AND Paos, Or Slttsa.
Tile glories of spring time has ~v
It been a favorite theme of the posu
g They glow with rapture when s
t- cribing how "Spring unlocks tlb
ie flowers to paint the laughing 8is,
i but forget that "Death rides on evel
o passing breeze, and lurks in eernul
flower." Yes, the vernal season how*
is ever bright and trautiful it may msr
o is fraught with perils to tihe lhuman
I- race. In our climate it is thle munt
a dangerous to health of any portion o
r- tihe year. The sudden changes of t.
c weather produce Colds, Coughs, Ca
l- tarrb, Broanhebitis, Rhnmatism and
ie Neuralgii, while the poisonous ezhi
Iations arisinS from tihe earth, indute'
n deadly fevers. At this perilous esa
o son tile greatest care should be exer
le cised, and the Seven Seals or Golden
y Wonder, that speedy, certain and e,
n fectual cure for all ailments brougit
all on by variable weather, or by in-
r- ling miasmatic vapors, should b
d, kept where it can be brought quick~
ll into requisition. *a
d Our Country friends will obli
I. us very much if they will take the
r trouble, occasionally, to write u
a few words concerning the pPe
e eat condition of the crops, acNaP
b of corn and cotton, as comla d
S with last year, &c.
MARRIED..
G OODRICH--BELL-On Thui*?
evening, 18th inst., at the Catbed
by Rev. Father Martin, Mr. Job.
GOODRICH to Miss ALCS B3., bot
of this city.
With the card came a uice pi d
the Bride's cake, and a sparkliDg b"
tie of wine, and as we pledged thi
in the cup, we thought their smi
ments for each other should be:
"Then come the wild weather--*eIoU
or come snow,
We will stand to each other, hIWrit
blow.
Oppression and sickness, sorrow
pain,
Shall be to our true love as links bo
chain:"
Dr. Wr. $. PoW
MEDICINE sad SUERGET.
OFFICE on ST. DENIS STREE?,
NATCHITOCIIH IA
Calls to the Country promptl "
tended to.
Refers to Drs. F. Johnson. J.
Hamlin and G. E. Gilleplie. Meners. '
& Campbell. Carver & Taylor, Tricb&
and Col. R. E. Burke.
April 8.--y.
L.eoopolc~
Corner FRONT and HORN Stri
Marchi 25-1y PTach freeeVdlS