JAS. ii. CQIMfRfE, - - Editor.
N ATC I-I ITO)CH FS
SA'1'iD[AY, - - - May *16. Ii+77.
L:iigcst (Circ(ulation
Of any Country paper in
tLie State
RateS of Subscription.
urwl YeSr .................. ..... 50
Fix Months............................ 1 50
No uhlh;cription taken for less than 6
molltltsu.
Advertisements inserted at the rate of
$1..50 per sqlare for the tirst ilsertion
and 75 cents for eatclh snhliseflal one.
Tun lills or hIss, solid Irevier (onsti.
f'lt a sqnare, or moe htnlldred words.
,ludicial Advertisements Olue Dfoll;r
per humdred words. (,q.nire) Rist inser
tion, 50 cents for each so~bicqluent inser
tion. Payable in ndcal(re.
All Tranisci'ult Advertisements payn.
,l4 f iadvan'e. and1 all .ldvertisemni, its
fI a less time than 6 months, arc Tr:a
ient'
Regular Advertisemncuts payable quar
tcrly, in advance.
Advertisers in the Northern Cities
M',T apply to our Agents for terms and
.eotraclt, for no attention will be paid
to applications to tus iu person froum that
$ection.
I. Snuscribers who do not give express
notice to the contrary, are considered
wishing to continiue their slbscription.
2. If subscribers order the discontinn
anuce of their periolicals, the publisher
may continue to send them until all ar
rearares are paid.
:1. If subscribers neglect or refuse to
take their periodicals frlom the office to
which they are directed. they are held
resnonsible until they have settled their
bills, and ordered them discontinued.
4. Ift subscriber.s move to other places
without inftrmiug the publishers, and
the papers are sent to the former direc
tion, they are held responsible.
5. The courts have decided that "refu
sing to take periodicals from the office,
or reunoving anil leaving them unecalled
for, is prima facie evidentc of intention
al fraud."
6. Any person who receives a newspa
per and umakes use of it. whether he has
ordered it or not, he is held in law to be
a subscriber.
7. If subscribers pay in advance. they
are hound to give notice to the publish
er at the end of their tinme if they do
not wish to continue taking it; otheº
n ise the publisher is authorized to send
it on, and the subscribers will be re.s
I;onsible until an express notice, with
payment of all arrears, is sent to the
publisher.
AGENTS.
All orders for Advertising must be
to i'racted with omr Ageats.
No attention paid to propositions ex
co it from them.
G. P. Rowell & Co., New York.
S. M. Petrtengill & (Co,., "
Ayer &. Son, Philadelphia, Penn.
lAdwin Alden, C(iocinuatti, Ohio.
1,. F,,reshnma & Bro., "
('handler, Lord & Co, Chicago. Ill.
Rowell & Chestmann, St. Louis, Mo.
W. W. Sharp & Co., 23 Park Row, N. Y.
'Tho,,. McIlntyer, New Orleans, Lu.
.1. tourt is Waldho.
LOCAL AGENTS.
Tihe fTofowing named g.1entlemen have
killtvy eIoewoted, andl nro hereºby ac
cr.-,litetd an Agents for the PEOPLE'S
VINDICAT'IOR.
Col. J. V. Pier mn, CoushNatta, Red River.
Henj. Wolfson, " "
lion. I). W. Sl4f. Many, Sabhino parish.
.1. It. Caldwell EZeq., " "
.'avil Bray Esqt., ]lack Land, Vernon.
Thos. Richardson, " t
Hon. M. F. Mnchan, Wimnfleid Winn.
)Dr. M. A. Dunnn, Montgomery, Grant.
All advertisemnents mast be hand
ed ig to this ofice b% Thktrsday
erening of encA week, to insure in
sertion that issue.
All Judicial adrertisements must
be paid for in advance, or they will
be discontin t ed after the first inser
tion.
C'orrespon4lence containing news of a
general nature is solicited from this
c nd weighborinty parishes. The real
name of the writer must accompany all
letters, but the ctame will not be pub.
lished unless so desired. Letters to be
written on one side of the sheet of pa
per, and to contain news of general in
terest isa brief, crops and weather re
ports, gossip, local happenings, &c.-.
, J. B. LEW IUS
NRC EPORT .
State boodhare in deuaand inl New
Orleans and; New York at 92f and
advancing. '1hat's "8rmor pare to
the core" rule you see.
. .... - . =--_
The pitliable, conditiow of those
men wh how) oeltd' fob a "new party
and the resiacitation oftlie old Whig
clement," now that Hayes don't want
Ibat kind of help is qutite snggestive
of the poor boy at a frolic. After a
bast on weak trumpets and a con
siderawble amount ot daet pawing,
these feffows discover, after every
thing quiets down, they made all the
noise themselves and bhe world all
around about is quiet nmd' serene, nr
disturbed by the clamor of these pen.
ny whittlers.
We notice in one of our North Lou
isiana exchanges, the following head
lines to an advertisement : "Job
printing, Family Grocery and Bar
Rbonw establishwent." 'Phat insti
tutiou combines all that is needful to
nake man happy..
9? Get your printing donea at
the VtloD1LTO Job Oofice.
r Thoughts on Public Education.
Tlihe consideratlon of homne matters
now engrtosses, attention, and promi
dito*. nelnt among these questions, is that
s of public schools.
The Palish Board with the changes
t7. nlmade is unexceptionable, and with
- propelr suipport fom the people,
ion which thty ill receive, he I'ullic
Schools cain e made institlutionis to
r 111 which we can not only refer with
pride, but in which our growing
youths will receive educations fitting
themrn for almost any position in lifet
Public pride in the love of letters
42 50 and hooks must he roused from the
han 8 lethargic slumber if the past sixteen
years. The youth of our couintry,
- grown to man's estate since the late
rate of war are, as a 1mas:s, a shamle-a burn
ertion ing shane to civilization. The hil
cneti- iard cue, anid the shlille of tile ulice
is. and card, are, to the most of themn,
Ir more manly attrlilhntes than the enl
inser- tivation of Belles-lelrces or a knowl
edge of the History of their own
mn-country or race. Puffed shirts, with
Trau- sham studs and hige neck ties, are
marks now, to the weak-nlinidedi, of
qu'ar
smartness, when in times passed the
Cities hoy or young umnai who tlil not know
paid what counlltry George Washington
that was of, would have bleei hooted from
society. These people are poor ma
terial from which is dettined to sri' I
o- ue t,.mallllim, goll ii l 1 i Wlle can I
stimulate their pride by shame-we I
press can by ai fierce utterance of publihic
ond opinion, force tlhei to tit their chil- -
tini dren for the responsible duties of
lisher citizenship.
The negro race is to be educated ; I
se to there call lie no cavil on that point. If ,
Ice to
ilelo we want peace ; if we desire prosperi r
their ty, both as individuals, and as a con I
ces onwealth, the masses must be educat- u
and ed, and in order to educate thern to c
lirec- our ideas of civilization, and to ililhle
refu- them with the setimients ofl govern
eice, mert we cherish, it is our nlity' to It
ailed take them from the tuition of the 11
vicious and ignorant of their own fl
spa- race, and place them under the fost II
o be ering care of our own people. C
We understand and apprehend the
they (difficulties with which the advanced
d1o thinkers of this community will have
her- to contend. Bigotry and ignorance
, tnd will tittle every inch of ground with
vith the cultivated and large minded pa
the tiiot; but the ideas we now enunci- r"
ate will certainly triumph. m
We have poor white gentlemen and of
ladies who will be glad of the pit- at
be tance the school salaries affolrd them fni
ex -who will do splendid service as n
teachers, and they nmust take charge c
of these colored schools, which they I
will do if not at the cost of social os- do
tracism.
Let the public spirited citizen, the ar
solid men of the country, at once ar
Sray themselves ill solid phalanx tori
break down the prcejudice of igno- wlh
rancp, and let theni ,e the first to TI
ireet with all the nmities of socialI R
uve hospitality, those who are brave "()
, enonlll to ldare do what is their duty car
to themselves, their country and comni- TI
er. Iing generations. be
We hear that nmuchl dissatisfaction lC
exists in Red River parish with ref dei
erence to the manner andi moment of ate
Pecks' (fleeted Radincal District Clerk of
of that parish) lond qualificntion. nil
There are many n-l i rnmors ;iont sen
it, which, if half true, are cause for
the manlifestatiln of feeling Pxhibited Sti
by many Delmocrats of Red River
parish.
It is true Peek was. elected, hut zen
ill that truth does not necessitate the g
Soigi1) uponi his hbnd Iby Demoncrats; ri
nsuch we consider an exnherance of the
sentiment not likely to pervad the tha
a moderlln hnman heart to any cnnsiid- se
is erable extent. The thcr rs patent kuc
at that Peek was not competent: andl that V
ill fact iaadtfit.ted by the pmrties who wh(
b' went npon his bondE i putting a this
be competent person in charlge while t
r- Peck is to be known only in name as
s* the Clerk. We were under the im los
e- pression that the' iuean was to ridl this the
Statse Ef incompetent figure lheads. T
SThe Red River movement, if reports cii
be tree, sieeme to advocate a colntinl thlle
ance of that system of official mal
fensanee-we had supposed all good
eillizena would have joined in pullttingl
aside.
Cplsidering the matter in the light 9
of political parties, we havle it from ow
, authority that the Governor was not
w pleased with the seeming attempllt to li
d put hiin in a had position. Going
' fulrther, we think nlost party liean will
agree with us in saying tlhat we
won!d munch 'prefer to voile for a
SRadical than to o npon his libol,. tent
Y We are very slorry to see this brel eh rs.
g in our political family in Rlied River, tc
t as we lhadl boied that all ditffer- w
C ences had beell happily and fiunally teni
settl'd.
boarl
inst.,
Governor Nicholls has appeimted as a
the follo'ing gentleman as nmembers w 1
of the police jury for this parish : . tin,
E. Jackson, IV. B. !Iutler, A. V. Car- H. I
ter, L. Chopiu and ~im. Payne. All Faul
first-elass eitizeos who will give ui- hope
veort satisf.rction.
We understand they will be in at- are ti
tendance at thie net meeting of the
present body and tkat there will be Th
a colnpleta reorganization from' Pres- Newt
ident douun. scrap
This is as it shliouid be, for tbiet par- W
ish has had her loeal iiffareoutrolled whll I
too long by oorrupt or incompitenot ilrn
police jurors, and the day for that derif
be passed in this State. one a
.tion. Parish Treasurer.
tters We, in coimmton with almost the en
rMi- tire taxpaying portion otf our parish, u
that are at a loss to understan.d the me- i
tives which actuated the Police Jury t:
anges in electing Win. Bhanlt to the res
with ponsible position of treasurer of this b
ofle', parish. That the people would not
'obli sulbmit to it could but be reasonably jb
Ins to expected ; that it would stir up the ti
with (lying embers of strife and bittetrness n
iwiug was certain, and to oull mind it goes a
ing to sow conclusively wht the radical w
I life party rruld do were they in power. I)
tters lHappily for the decent citizen, the tr
Sthe (1day of the rule of these degenerate is
xtte( people hias past, while its imenmry l 1
ntry, glimnlers in the dim gone-ly like so
n late some hidious dream, and their like II;
tnrn is not to he suhmitted to longer. We 1'
hil- consider it to be useless to go into ia
(lic( detailed statement of wl ho WmV. Built t;i
hem, is, what he has been, and what he in
cnl- would do if lie were permitted. We
iowl- admit with sorrow that we cannot with tli
own all our versatile talent do the slb- m
with ject,justice. SnItlice it to any that ls l
, are Win. oulimlt is held in utter abhor- at
i, of ence by every decenlt person of our
1 a the cnquaintance, and his election could frt
inow be nothing in intent but a direct ins ti:
gton suit to to the white citizens of the par- tl
from ish. We conceive tle le tionl of the of
ma police jury to le a studiem d and grn- do
) llF i niin0. t. *, ". . . . I uiey Wil cer- pr
can tainly regret to their last day. Wm. tee
-we Bullt will not act an hour as parish thl
Ilic Itreasurer, nor will the police jury ie
chil- controlled a moment longer Ily the ho
I's of party to which the scamp belongs, pr
for at the meeting June 4th, the five Ki
tel ; I;tely appointed gentlemen will re- La
t. If organize that body by wiping oit of 48
fli oflieial position the whole brood that dr'
0111- have hitherto hung like vampires 94
'cat- upon this people--an eye sore to de- to
n to cency and an insult to civilization.
hue t----**' for
rn- During our visit to New Or.
to leans, it was our extreme pleas- fot
thure or to meet many of the good and
mwn true men of the State; imen who na
ast have battled manfully for the the
cause sintice the dark houirs canme the
Ule 1u1on our land, and to whose man- got
ed ly efforts we are indebted for pro
are tIm
peace and liberty to-day. th
Witi e fiond some little disap- this
pa pointment and disapprobation re
ici- ,irding certain acts and applloint
melts--we disapproved of some rest
nd of these acts and appointments, V
pit- and do still, hut do not inteind to loca
em make them a. cause for an attack abre
las pon our OWII hoiuseholid, because to II
ge we feel assrured chalnges will be to c
cv made when events justify tihe wis- tlevi
S dotm of our protests, which, we and
e are assured they will do. Im
Ir- Everything is moving along in libe
to trim, and satisfactorily, as a of.
. whole, to the mass of the people,
to The efforts to resuscitate dead
i Radie'lism under the unme otlf
c "Old Whigs," "Native Ameri. peol
t cans," &c., has p)roved abortive. Hla
n- The motives and leaders could not somn
be kept to the rear, and tile peo.- pco
Spile, just escnaped from a "living 8mm
deaf th,t" are not disposed to toler- reei
rate for a nmomenlt the least chance e
k of at return of the nrule of thle ve- chir
n. nal. Thie next session of tile as- andt
it sembly, it is hoped, will be pro- kept
r ductive of good results to the s1ok
SState and people at large. In the a
meani time the enlightened citi. bit,
zens of the country sections should trait
sugest such laws as are appro- logg
priate, anld will be of relief, and Itt
,f there are many that will be, so qit
e that their servants, when they as- their
-semble in January next, will On
it know what is expected of them. read
It We propose to go over the fusio
a whole grounld of our wants from temp
i this to then, and hope to receive the a
Sthe assistance of the VINDICATOR'S i~l oil
host of fi-iends in our efforts in to pli
thlteir behalf anid I
---- . - .--~---- --- from
'Thle editor of this journal, (and we o
Schlini fir it that standing) Ires not s-olit
the time nor tihe inclination to enter
into contraoversies with parties who not
represent neither namune nor mbeml s terit
Swho are noidescripts in politics, nnn. held
entities in life and non eat in blanis. ter8!
We have in the past and to our sor our k
row, when we Iluaght it our duty, but v
dignitsed smeels with controversies daes
antI with notice. We will doi so no
nmore. We chlaimn for ourselves a terest
higher and nobler niission and our
atnbition does not grovel to the ex
tent of mud *linging with umii sling- reie
crs. We propose to keep clear of
pitch.i ic pr
IV. H. Jack requests ts to tcall nt- mason
tenlion to the fiet that the school
board will meet on Monday next, 28th m
inet., for organization. The board -i
as now constituted coopists of Mesies.
W. ii. Jack, W. A. Ponder, Jno. Mar- . s
tin, H. ,M. Levy, R. E. Hamnmett, H. i
H. Hathoni. Richlardl Brown, R. L. ar
Faulkner anml N. P. Metoyer, and ap e are
hope there will be a full attondance he
as matters of nmuch fttw iroportance eppen
are to be transacted edge .
_men tl
Tile Leoo, Texas, Cabinet says Mr. respon
Newtoo has "invented a plow tlhat make I
scrapes and throws dir," etc. at rest
We kDOw an editor in this vicinity ferenc(
who laes-a similar implement only it letters
throws-guano instead of dirt.. Won
derifthere isno't an infriogement on The
one or tle .ther. celle.t
Establish a Credit.
IC en- Among thle many duties devolving
rish, Uipon tilh tax laying citizens of Louis- tli
IIo- inna at this moment is that of so.- Ci
Jury taining the Governor in his efforts to hIn
Ye'S- establish upon an honest and lasting th
this basis the credit of our111 State. It is sit
I not as essential to them that thils shouhll PI
1n1Ily he done as it is that they should con- thi
Sthe trot its local government. We can
tIness not hope for material advancement ns in1
goes a commonwealth without imeans, as ti
ilical we are, unless we have a credit. We fot
ower. have vast and requisite public works cIa
the to nndertnke in order to bring Louis- tin
(rate iana in line with her sisters in the vir
nory ' Unien ; in order to develop those re- the
like sources nainto with a lavish hand, any
like hatis given us. lRiloool.s, Canals, to
We P)ikes a1111 Macadamized highways, nui
nIto Lake drainage. &e., are to le nnder. thi
lollt taken and aceomcll ishedt. Not ha.r- de
t ,e llg ready money ourselves it is re- oft
We quired we should have a credit, so wil
with that when our bonds go upon the pet
sui- market we will not be compelled to but
that subnmit to being flayed by the broker his
dior- and capitalist. I
our This is looking at the qnestion thi
:ould from thie standpoint of solid silstan- wl
in. tials, while in a sentimnerltal light wil
par- the sustaining of the credit stri
the of the State is required in or- the
grt- der to nmal:lP n.,.l '...O.. ,.le,!., and 1
cer- promises whereby our party was yes- Wt
Wm. ted by the people with the rule of net
Irish the State. tinr
y be Even under these promises our ing
thlie bonds have advanced at a rate tn he 1
ings, precedented in history. Under con
five Kellogg, but six short nmontlhs ago, occ
re- Louisiana consols were worth but of F
t of 48 cents on the dollar and were a sho
that drug at that, while now they rule at vial
)ires 94 cents and men of means are wild the
de- to nobtnin themrn. Ii
This is is ndeed a proud showing don
Or. for tie Democracy of Loutsiana, and to d
we should sustain it with all our ef- Lon
ens forte. and
Itd Let every person who owes taxes bren
v ho make it a point to pay promptly
the the amounot from each is small while 11'
ine the aggregate will enable our noble auth
n- governor to put Louisiana where she IWlt
for properly belongs. We feel assured print
that attention has but to be called to to h;
this matter and the patriotic taxpay it.
e- er will respond heartily in aiding the tract
efforts of our State officials to recupe- circu
rate the fortunes of Louisiana and done
me restore her pristinme grandeur.
Its, With peace at home, and honest wooi
to local rule; with credit second to none emnl
ck abroad, immigration, which we desie goini
ISP to build up our waste places, will flow ntd
be to our shores, our country will be and I
developed, her people happy, rich ple c
anmid conltented, while our lu.rty can them
hand down the prould record to coil-f* sc
ing generations of not only being the with
i h liberator of virtue in LoI isi; na, but that I
i of being her benefactor also. help
le. ------ -***~ - ---- nt
1(l 'We picked up in the St. Loui.s that
of Ht'o&l, nor tihe O3tat Iollse of the as a
ri. Ipeople, but for sometime past the the ii
. J(Headquar1. ters of the usurpers, ing
ot some letters that will be to outr ci
o. people as the Dictionary was to iti
ig Simon Suggs, "mighty interestil' piiti
*r reedin'." iothi
e These letters are from men ou. hi
e. claiming to have been Democrats pari
s. and with the people, but who teC n 1
0. kept silent whin they- should have parish
e spoken-who were hand tiedl when pranti
e a blow shlouhl have been given, o4r of
:i. but, 'ho did not fail, cowardly L.
Id traitors as they are, to give Kel- tifies I
.logg and his crowd of thieves and that I
(d murdlerers, all the information re. pared
o qnired to persecute and outrage S lie
s. their neighbors and friends. The
II Our very bloodt boiled when we obliga
read many of these dastardly ef- ranovi
te fusions, and we were at one time Southl
n tempted to puilish to the world Mr. M
e the names aind utterances of men eateeni
S in our midst, who have attempted vanov'
n to plhy the viper to their country Washi
and friends. We have refrained Able.
from doing so, however, not frofn t
solicitation, but because we want
r strife to cease, alnd because we do Col.
onot desire to drag down to pos- J P.
Sterity as infamous, names yet parish
. held in respect. We lhre tke let- transat
. ters! They shall not pass from respect
our keelping; the secret is saft-- fun
, but woe he unto the man who
dares move a hand in future "Phi
against this people and their in iom tl
Sterests beei 3l
Old Natchiitches looks somewhat motive
revived, and improvements are slow. every
ly progressing. We look for a steady tt t
increase of work for carpenters and SSimoi
masons during the snmter months.i 'ho t
decent
Two letters hatve appleared in these pIossibl
columns relative to the Evans hom
icide in Sabiuie IMrish and we are in
formed iothers will filmv. We pub- aricd t
lish these latters without coIIlIet ad t
anid wish it distinctly ulderstod tehat pred t
we are in Ia way responsible r elsehr
them. The names of the writers are
appended in fuill aid from our knowl
edge of thie character of the gentle- o e
men they do not desire to shirk any orders
responsibility in tle matter. We nd see
make this statamenl ii eredr to set
at rest some renmriks made with re- The c
ference to thie publication of these we are I
letters in oar paper. incream
- --- largely
The besali: of this com.alunity is ex' there a
celleat ideod. in the S
The War NTot Over.
rlving Blunt, notorious is thie Iost infa
o()ii- ttlls of the manlily inlalnou)s pollli
susA- cillns tihe upheaval of reconstl letlion
rts to has thrown to the front, retnurned to
itinr these elassic slnldes a week or two
It is since, much to the sorrow of all good
hionld people who desire peace and quiet in
con- the community.
can. We pen these lines with a feeling of
nt as indignant grief, for we know that
ns, as this scamp is by nature fitled only
We for stratagenl and evil. Ils whole
works career in politics has been one con
,anis- tinned orgie of all that would debase
n the virtue and intelligence. Iris creed, if
SIre li e ever had any, has been of rapine
and, and mIurder, and el hilts done more
nals, to elillintle tue tiO races tlihan afny
ays, 1 an iI this section, lie hais before
nder. this soleminly promised the whites to
hav- desist flonll Ihis villainy, and lie has as
s re- often broken those pledges ; that hei
t, so will now continue in a quiet way his
i the pernicious conduct we do not dolit, 1
d to but the consequences will be upon
roker his own head.
Blunt is a public enemy-no such I
stion thing as permanent peiace can exist
stan- wliih lie is here. Peace we nust and I
light will have if we have to remove with
redit strong arms all those who stand in g
or- the way of its consummation.
anil Illnlt Ineust go and that qiobl:y
yes- We have forgetfulness if not forgive
le of ness for the tools of his former ambi
tion, but for him there can be noth
our ing but distrust and bitterness. If o
ln he remains we wash our hands as a r
nder comnlunity of what is quite likely to
ago, occur in his particular case. Webber
but ot Feliciana, and Franks, of Webster,
re a should be examples sufficient to con- V
at vince the Burch's, the Twitchell's and a'
wild the Blunts that there is no resting II
place in this State for men who have 01
ringh done all that villainy could suggest v,
and to destroy the rights and liberties of T
r ef- Louisiana's people and plunder them ki
and their children of homes and el
rces bread.
hile 7We would like our city and parish pt
able anthorlties to come down to business. i
she When we put in a bid to do their a
red printing it would suit us just as well
to to have them reject it as to postpone fi
y it. The matter is purely a business le
the transaction and is to be decided on
pe- circulation and price. We want it an
d done.
While we are upon this subject, we
lest would beg to state, and that most VI
ne emrlphatically, that the VINDICATon is If.
,egoing to do tile printing of both city On
( 11and parish. We have given time an
be and money for the cause of the peo- as
ichi ple of this parish ; have stood up fotr ve
an them and their rights when it cost tin
nl- soimething to do so; have suffered
ihe with and for them and we hadl- hoped
that they could be ill aI positio to ll
help us by this time, burt it seems
not. Now we make this deelarslimon, fU
lis that ni, Ilnewspaler can die one week ti
lao as a radical slheet and be resurecth ed
he the next t 21 nondescript wid-S a long- "
inig ihople anrd desire to htr the "itli
cinl jonrllal" ' ,f thie parish anrd city.
WeO are that it fact anud intend to be
to it in name, even if we have to' do the
ll' printing of both city and parishli for
niothing. That's the plain English of
Ll ou. hid. Gentlemenr, of the eit and ad
ts parish, lthe V'IYDICA TOR irifk t tio.
be teen hundred rea(ers iR Nahtchitoc'nhea st
. parish mnakes an opei bid to do tour n
?I pritinia for notlyn ! Do you take M
our offer or rt nt
ly L. N. Lane, Esq., fat collector no.
1- tifies thle tax payers of our ,parish
Id ithat his office is oplen and hle is pre
. pared to receive all licenses and tax.- V
Sea die tle the State and parish.
The VINDICATOR is under great If
'e obligations to our friend Antoine Ma.n
f ranovichl, Esq., for fill files of late
e Suilithiern and Washington dlaihes.
SMr. MIaranovichl in company with our
I eateenled fellow citizen Mr. Marco Gi- AfT
Ivanovich returned from a visit to
3 Washington city per steamer Bait
d Able. They give glowing accounts
of the continued good feeling for I
Southern people by tile North.
o Col, Lane, tax collector, and Mr.
. Jos. P. Johnson, tax assessor of our
.parish are now filly prelared to
transact all business relating to their
respective offices. Tlhey can be
found on St Denis street opposite the
VINDICATon building.
e "Pure to the core," seems an expres.
sion that sickens som, uen who have
been nny thing in life but consistent
or pure-who have hadl a mercinary
motive or a survile ambition in their
every act. They should remember
tllhat this sneering reference to the
"Simon pureA," only render those
who utter them more disgnsting to
decent people--if such a thing were H
possible.
We have secorel the additional
service of a first class job printer A
and tile VINDICATOR office is pre
pared to do Jo3 and BooK work as The
neatly and as cheaply as can Ie ,lone .
elsewhere. Our merchants, business 0n Is
men and lawyers wil find that it is eam
to tlheir advantage to patronize
"home institutions". Send in your
orders or come and price our work 5 I
and see our specimens. d 6i
t.. r
II
The circulation of the VIlsmcATou 't.
we are happy to say is steadily on the agem
increase. Our readers nam etend Par
larigely in five adjacent parishes whliile ou h
there are subsctibeee is every parish
in the State., i
The UBnrt Able arrived on time
last Tuesday, bringing a large
Iai- atount of freight and a goodly
ion number of passengers lbr this
to place. About one more trip
wo through C(tlle river will wind up
od the btluiness by that route Oi:il
in the river rises again,
If there is a streel-sprinkling al.
lt sparats in Natcthlitoches, why
Il. don't its proprietor trot it out
,le The dust is becoming intol(ratbld. ,
i- and there is scarcely a htisinits
se honse in town but would gladly
if contribute to any enterprise that
n1 would rid us of this worst of all
re n isances--the dust.
Iny
tre Temn','rance is attracting much atten
to tim). sh wing itse.lf in hlea/ optiun laws.,
socileties, crulsades and ristlrictions upon
as li1quor prodhution ; but with all these ef
ji orts, 1ie ,oIlls t illo is enormousl'l)U, n111
undoubtedly, the leaon is, becatuse there
is not hiig strenuotlsly advocatled to re
It lieve and destroy Ithie raving ;ier stimu
launts. But, if the dise:ne was treated
rutionally, by arousing the torpid Liver
with siminnllus' Liver Regulator. the dis
rh piritedi drunkard would lind his cravings
Hool d.issil,:lted, ndl with cleared head
t odl ative Liv''er, he would not want
ud liquor,
tl=
ltoweier trade may languish, or the
in general interests of the country snffer,
HOME STOM.Ateft rrnITT s appears ubiqlti
tious, and we are glad to see that valiua
SL. i liair ao properly appreciated.
e
i. When a man says, "Governor" now in
South Carolina it is known whoml he
meanis-Er. But when a man says '"Col
If onel" in a crowded South Carolinat bar
a room, evLery rmanl, as usual, rises to hisu
feet-except about tive, and they are
o "Generals."- Jorristou'w Herald.
F - -- - - -~~
, We are in receipt of a letter from
Wheeling, West Virginia, inquiting
d about our lands, soil, climate and the
g health of the country. Will not some
e of our enterprising land owners ad
It vertise propositions to sell lands?
,f These gentlemen are very anxious to
u know something of us before they go
d elsewhere to settle.
We understand our young men
propose to revive the fire companies
in this city. That's right; let's have
r a good fire company, or two.
Our Vernon parish correspondent
furnishes us with quite interesting
letters, which are read by the Vixnt.
CATOIR' numerous readers with profit
and pleasure, every where.
The only artharized agent for the
VINDIICATOIt in New Orleans, is II
It. BAKER ESQ., of the Democrat.
Our city friends desiring to advertise
and subhscribe, nust call upon him,
as we will do no business with ad.
vertisers except th rough our agencies
theire.
'fThe "Country C'orrespondence" fia
tnre of tile VIsI)NIATOR commnen,lds
itself to otlr city eontemlnprariit'. and
furnishes a worldl of net s to all par.
tim,'. We claim credit as lithe pioneer
in Louisiana, in that style of local
i·-e-- -"- --- "----------
e NOTICE.
S. PAllisa op NATCHITOCllIS,
r State Tax Collector's Office, }
May 22i, 1877.
This office is now open for the rollct
l tion of LICENSES and TAXES, due the
,R State andt Parish.
L N. LANE.
Office on St. Denis St. Collector.
May 26 tf.
Wm M. L"evry,
A'TORNEY AT LAW.
(Has Resumed the Practice of his Profession.)
W ILL practice it the Parish and Dilstrict
o Courts of Natchitoches and Red River,
Supreme Court of Lonisi:na. United States Dis
trict and Circuit Court of Louisiana and U. S.
Court of Claims at Washington.
t E1 Office, at residence on Second St. -J
NATCHITOCIHES, LA.
May 26, 1877,
; MORSE & DRANGUET,
ATTORNEYS AND COUNSELORS AT
LA I
Office on Second Street,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
May 26 1877.
WHEELER & WILSON
NEW NO. 8 MACHINE.
Highest P'remnim at Centennial.
PRICE, $75 to $100.
Also the Famous No. 1 & 2
FAMILY MACHINES.
The Qualifies which Reeonmend thenl are
1. Beauty and oecellenc.e of stitch, alike
on both sides of the fabric sewed.
2. Strength, firmness and durability of
seam, that will not rip nor ravel.
3. Economy or thread.
4. Attachments and wide range of ap
plieaton to Ipurposes, l),td materials.
5 Compactness and elegance of model
and finish.
6.. Simplicity and. thoeroughness of con
structiota
T. Swed, ease of operation. and man
agement, and quietness of movement.
Parties such as oil,. needles, &c., always
on hand and for sale bp
J.. P: JOHNSON,
at M. H. Carver's.
!ASold on easy monthly tenrs..4
time ($J ;M i ~u4
olyge
tlhi (COMPILED A NDCOli(ECTiitrD WEBKll.gS
t Ci, CHAS. L'I4FRISSON,
( Ill) [For tlhe VINbtATOR.]
int:il Trhee figures represent round lot pi.
cesn; IPt retail, higher prices will have t
be iatl. t
- Il- Our local t'rwety markets feel the Ma.
wIy valnce in prIvission1s, as our weekly cord
iceted reports slh v.
outt BusiRn"o is not bIrisk or even lively
I1il1P but a little is being donc.
The Dry (thbUn s trade is flat. No con0.
lit'Ys try prltodel' I,4ng ftrerel.
nafl The BwrT Aa;E was in on time wil
a fitir trip, but t i nothing down. Th
that rivtr cottititils to fall ralidly: and we do
lnot lol for a:ny wmol're m:tts at our wharf
Freights C'id rites; C,(ttou $1.50pe
biLe.
tteiw -e COTTON R CEIPTS.
Iupo Received Previously ,574 bales
n.. Receiv'ed this week 41
here "otal 5915 i es
FINANCIAL.
ated Gold- $107&w
aIver Silver
dire- Parish Warrants
Tugs Old--30c.
teatl New-50c.
1valit City Warranta--75'80.
GROCERIES.
lie CHEESE-New York cream 17Q'a18
fer Choice Western 14' 15c.
S Brandy Cherries-$4 75 per doz.
an Vinegar 18J'28c per gallon.
RucE,-Prime Rc 4' 16.
Good 71c.
Fair 7c.
S" ioap- o7-ce per lb.
he Salt-SI 35 per sack.
Col- Starch - 4fr5c.
bar- Candles--15l.G5
his Whiskey--$1 15~63 75 71 galloo.
are Cofiee-20a24c per lb.
BREAD STUFFS.
r-om FLoun-4 Bids $3 50'x% (O0
to Barrells $8 00x12 60.
Cornmeal-$4 25 per bbl.
the Grits--4 75 per bbl
niOe GRAIN AND FEED STUFFS.
Oad. Oats-G60ie per bushel.
Is? Bran-$1 28'-- per 100 lbs.
Wheat-White Western $2 25 per bua 
to PROVISIONS.
go BA.c'r-Shonlders 74r@8c.
Clear Rib Sides 91@10.
rvy Salt Shoulders 74@
en Dry Clear Rib Pie c.
Clear Sides 10410J.
Ies Lard-Tierce 1l24c.
Mve Mess Pork- $18W$25 50per bbl
HAMs--Choice 14,
Ordinary 124@
B. Bacon--10@12j.
ePt Pig Pork-Half bbls. $9 507@
fg Pig Tongues-6-)e a piece.
4* Pigs Feet-none in market.
Bnalogna Sausage-10'12e per lb,
fit Beef-Falton, $10 75 per 4 bbls.
Oranges-S4 50@5 00 per bbl..
Onions-Western, $5 50~$6
ie Cabbages- 15@17.
Apples-$3 75@ --
II Potatoes-$4 00¬@4 25 ý 1bb1.
at. lierrinoge-45@:65c E box.
Codtish-64c by 100 pounds.
me Cocoanuts-- 5 per hundred.
in, Sour Krout -$11l' per bhl.
4- Coal Oil----22@25e r gallon.
$i'GAR AND MOLASSES.
Suigar-Comnll0on 9(i
Good Coluuon Io l .
Prime 101 'a'.
'1 Choice Icalie.
N i Molasses--...Commonn, 40c ,, gallon.
idFair 47c.
,l Prime p ie.
r -Choice G60e.
ci LUMBEI.
.i Cypress hnmber-$13 per thousand feet.
Pine luntber---$14 per thousand fret.
L,, I',-.,-os Whlt~l,'r--g l p" th,,a stiud
) Nasi--$3 75s4 25.
Wagons-$65'75.
* COUNTRY ?ROD)UCE.
Wool-Louisiana, clean 1G,/20
Furs-Otter $1 5t)'2 50 each.
Hsyi-$il1f 20 per ton.
orn- 6,5@90e per hushel.
c P'erans-5 50@6 00 per bbl.
S Eggs.-l5520c per doz.
Butter-Goshen, 35 p)er lb.
Choice Western y293c.
Potatoes - Sweet, 75ca$1 per bushell
Tallow -'7@---c per pound.
Beeswa--..25@928e . R.
Poui;rv--Chiekens $2 5Oi$4 P de, -
''urkey $9.$18 t do!.
Geese '$55 6 peI r doz.
DTcks $3 per doz.
Pfrk-lOc per lb.
t Bleef-- 6c per lb.
Mutton - 10e per 11).
Venison--$2 per saddle.
Dried Fruit-Apples 10. .
Beans, Northern-7'7c.
Cranberries-Keg $3 25.
DRY GOODS.
- Printa-7--l10c.
Brown Cotton-6' 00e.
Lowells-l10@ 12ke.
Stripes-12*'15e.
Brogans-S1 50@1 75 per pair.
CAN GOODS.
Salmon--$3 00 % doz.
Mackerel-S2 75 7 doz.
Lobsters-$2 00 ldoz.
Spiced Meat-$5 50 j doz.
ardiine9-- boxes 16ic E box.
Oysters-95c'ls 00  doz.
Eagle Milk-$2 95 j doz.
Yeast Powders--$ @28 % greo.
PCeache sr2-- 50 E doz
Pine Apples-$2 25@2 50 dosl.
Concentrated Lye--6 50 ecarn.
CASE GOODS.
Brandy Peaeben--4 75 ' do,.
Pepper Sance--1 75@1 85 ) dot,
Hostetter Bitters- i 00095 5, dj ,
Dllrake Bitters--3 50,3 75 1 doz.
Plantation Bitters-8 25@8 50 dO
LIQUORS.
New York Brandy--1 331 65.
Imported Cognac--1 65@(2 CO.
Ginger Brandy-S1 65@r2 25.
Cherry Brandy--$1 90(2 75.
Blackberry Brandy--,1 60@2 t5.
Imlported-Holklaid Gin- $3 9034 S'
Jaaace Ruam-$50D 00'7 0
Irish Whiskey-85 0r65L
Scotch whiskey-4500ooO
WINES.
White wine-$5 50t10 00.
Champagne_
Krug & CO., (qurts) $25 gold
Venve Cliquot Ponsardi--2$.
Piper Heidsieks-$25 00.
ALILAND PORTER.
Dutjeans Lagerbier-qts. $3 50 pts 7i
Milwaukie-qts. 8275 pts. $1 65.
Iees & Vo.,-Ale, piit $2 25
F'Qr 1Runt.
The raricella Dwclling lie, o,
Texas Street.
A~ppl'y 1P .. TRICIIEL.
April;' 2.-tf Agent.
NOTICE.
(I' STANDS, sbarpelnel and ropaireJ:
Address, 3.G. PARKER,
SfThv 1?', l7T . P1eiuint rriii. La..