S' talonie c
Emizrant-4. not Menials, ,lIk,
The situatlion of our Inlld owers tive h
and pllanters is lnot ,,understool h" the ht
themiselves. ITh'ey liige'r still in the lil it
iombec shadows of thil past, and That h
,rill not pulli themselves froni thei old 'oliti
rut. (.ulfit
I. ihel we, tallk of',neurngiing iml i - oit,
gration; of rin'ging sellttlersi into the the 1.
el utttry and develolin rg its rcsoilirs, easil
half our people rock lthir eias amil Iri
pairetil
eyes for a new labor lhat will relieve That,
thiit of some lespoli;sibility, but at iem,
lthe sate time be as me ial, as the cotot
black. pn
Sone excuse may be set Iup for this oi it
exhibitin o.f fully on the gllnnd of much
a look out for self interest, although i
the apology is indeed setlfish. Noi wer
IiOn cain lior must expect a white Ii- emedi
bor merely mienial, that will be one fats
whit bette' than the irteselt over- tIdi;
1likely
plus of niegro labor now in orpar-ir-to
Ilshi and eating tiup more than the str- will 1
plus piroduced. Such aln ilnfilx would er in
work more ilisaistr to our country
nod people ; the glreat slratuini of in
tural wealth, that now lies butielh, T,
would lnever he leveloplled, and the citil
few would be rich while the man thl
Woulhl be poor. cllss
The pIrolper solntion of our trop- vills
iles iunist he faiced. 'I'riloin ilg 11
altouud ith thell hope of at return of ll
labor appronelhing slavery as niear 1as liy
possible, is an EIntopianl dream that ti.
kvill never be realized. over
We do not iiiiant white emigraliits lltt
c ontl
as menieil laborers; we do Wnllt lthemn 1
as lablnoing settlers, to i ow IIi lads, I oll
stock-yardls aniid fairmhiloses; to eul hon
tivate and produce cottolin, corn and 111
otlher cereails. Let its tlheefr'e throw NI
hisido tlhe hople of the forler and set 1i11
to lwork to procure in influx of the deer
laitter. glit
'ro our mind the first thing rew ate
qitred, is to know what lands can be bein
hold this class of people; its situa- won
tion, timber, and nearness to transr- ove
portation; to inlform theni of the thoe
Itice they Inust llpay per ie'. anti tV
upon lwhat terms it will he sold. 'Thele ig
has b,,en talk induilged in for a long v'tc
time by our hland owners, iof their Ic
desire to asll lands to actual settlers, A
and we intend to make it a point soon
hereafter, to get doiwn in figures l' d
what inducements they Inopose to
offer that class of peoplec to coelli t,
here, who will put brain behind their nid
lmusclahir efforts. ltl
While we are engaged in this ef- Ir
fort it would be well to unlderstand the
thait the class of men we want will a sl
9iot do without schools and churches ; We
however mnuch oir peolple are able to it''
"get along" without eithier, and ill i
mlost itnstanices, both. Our State met
governTelit is miaking nitisterly cf- llr
folrts to bring about t no illprovelnilit l
iu scholols; we must, as ildivYidals, lIr'
and tin iour iiarochial captcities as- br
sist MIr. LashIer to establish anid mainii- nel
tainU tihem. Church bUnilings tican lhe
erected conveniient to neighboilrhoods
and preachers will come to fill themni of
withlout flurther effort. Ion
Now that our local government is n
Ihappily settled, wolild it not he well
to make a tmovement in the matter of
inmigrtition. We have lIlait we
would like to subrmit for discussion, l'
And believe, if they wre adoptled, Ne
would lead to political and good re- rec
suits. pl
Can we ask, at an early day, a S
meeting of our leading land owners hitt
aid Iplanters in order to ngitate the Pu
a ihject of thle emigration, not of mere "e
laborers, but of actuatl settlers ? Ci'
Cost of Cotton Production. tin
]N. O. New Delta.]
The Neiw York (lonrnereial and At
Finitnectil Chronicle, in a recent arti- sill
cie on the above eulnject, says that Vi
since 1875, through enforced economny el
amtong cotton planters, tile turiing i i
point has come, iand tile last cottoni anl
crollp has provedl that cotton cal be Ie
raised proHtitably in t1he1 otierii liin
States at present prices. The Chroni- gil
cle gloes ~ on to say : il
"Iln proof of this last statement, tnl
one illustration is as good as a thou- r.
1an1d. A friend who ihas a jlhtntaiion ge
in Southwestern Georgia, gives Itis
the result of his year's work. He
does ntot live on or ietar his pIltlltt
tion, but rnns it n ith an overseei ;
of course a very expensive ald pro, tie
digal way. Our Georgia friend says tii
thaiit tile total cotton crop hlie raised
the past season was 1683 bales, weigh.- ft
ing when sold 82,175 pounds. He
sold early in tile season, and there.- ii
fore did not get by one and one half co
centsper pound whiat lie could have fi'
realized later. But after paying all ar
thie expenses of sale, commissions, lo
etc., the net proceteds of his crop t
were $7,828 51), or about nine and a f
half cents per pounds. The total aC
cash exlteises for the year, of every ni
kind aind ilescr'iption, including tnaxes, en
live hIundtred dollhis for overseer's a
wages, labor, etc., anliounted to $511 . f"
'T'o this should be added ten per cent. 1
on two tllonauind dollars, the value of Ih
the mules employed on thie planta. in
tion-as experience shows that per- f
centage about covers the wear--la. it
kinug the total cost of thie crop $5,313, th
'tis divided by pounds sold gives is
6:60e. as the actual cost of the cotton rr
per pound, leaving thie net ptrofit tH
2:00c. per pound, or a total profit of ct
*2,510 50. Hadll thie crop been sold ti
later, tis profit would have been ri
about $1,00') more. t
"To really appreciate these results,
we must remember that this planta
tion had~a non-resident owuner, and
was worked entirely by an overseer as
who was paid five hIundred dollars am
year wages. Had the owner lived it
upon tihe place, hie could undoubtedly re
also have obtained the support of tO
himself and family out oi it, aund have th
saved the overseer's wages. Besides, th
it is scarcely necessary to say, there P'
alI. 1Ill,('bel~'le littlC t'ouolisc'. Whlicih
the \watht.lil eye 'of tilth proprietor
alone canll s 't. It has runl ilnto a
. v1e'rb1 at the North that a1 Ivalni, to
kte anything lult of a failr-I, ttllt
dlit e his own plolugh; mieanuig' that
the lbusiness of fatnrin'g, plerhaps
more tlhan all others, needs the pro-
prliO'll's plers"ulill Ciionstatllt attellti lon.
I'ThaIt lie tcan :he molie prodigal inll ti
I South we hav'e seenl; htlt with the St
use of the same care, forethought, in
gecluitc a1d econ.mºy wwhich one is
ntopell'd to pracitise in New tEngland, II
lthe profit inldicated above could be pli
eai.- il. dcollle l. l i '
"'her ari e i hri e citclhsioi ns ill- cI n
parent from the tforeg-ing. First : 1
'i'hiat, even, underl present manilagit
t ii'tt, it mlla whl will nise his own! 1
Scoln anid small grain Call easily growl
cottlon at nine and a halt' cents per
poiund, and make a handsine profit Fv
oil it ; and with closer management,
t luch lletter tresullts c(o11tl i.he btrained.
h Second : As ian openinlg for the small
capitalist, not afraid of work, ul
I here else can such promnise he se
c- led. Third: And tinallyv these
t facts prese it in relief the ladiing, still
r- fading l'ositiou "other conltries" are
likely to hold on the (ilquestio!i of It
to prlodlction in the future; they
- will he ahIe to coiUpete withi us neith
Id er inll price nor in staple."
;. Too Much Loafing.
I, The Southern people living in our
rm chuhtry touw'ns, and in lproxinlity
Sthereto, are legi1niing to ie acknow
ledged ias the laziest people, its a
class, in these iUnited States. Ev'lry
n- village is overiuiln with loafers, able,
ng halahty, stouttbodietd nlen--old. nid
die aged and youing, whose duty,
alone, seteis to be to .yas, and whittle,
pl ay c(irds. dtl ik teani beer and worse
at wvhimk', ('curse the tnegrlo and lamient
ovel'r hutidi tiles. The truth is (mll
ts tiouthern ciu-try is in a dteploarable
Condiion, whi its most 'promising
n' trlleg ten, annd the im st intelligent
is, of outi fali Nirs leavel tlheir co iitry i
S hIllies fol r the llneighl thllg tlowns aid
t Villages urre deil tbi ialthe t ricul ttile
wNo woinder that the Smnll is plrolstate 1Il
setiiiid he peop i le pan iers-thetr landst
h e decreaising in fertility--her fences ill
gonie and her ditchel overgrown with gi
willows. Nt o wonhi er that her t elhis the
re are iiirred by washes and ate fast GI
be being given over to broomsedge. No (.
ti- wonder that gaunt poverty broodis
us. over our beloved country-the best
country the world ever saw-when
the intelligent population of the con- sit,
lnd trv have nlloled to town and left the of
et ignorantl' , neduicated ner to culti-il to
11 vhrt their lawn. A chaiinge mnust take
eir ph:ce soon, or our country will be
utterly bankrnpt.
"s, A new system of Agriuilture miust
it Sion he hilwilnoratel, las to raise ciotton ",
res andil corn, alont, will not pall', and the
to neritleo kinows how to raise no other
'crlop. If lie (the negro) were educa
tle tell, and conil Leall, he mi ight soon
ieir understand how to diversify his crops,
and know in wlhat manmer to impiirove
fiis system of fiarm ing, but he is igno
rant andl can, as it is. only follow in
al the path lie was taught to tread wlieii
till a slave, and conltilnue to raise cotton.
(s V We need intelligent men upoin Orll
to ils--en who realize lthe falt that
stilock raising iindll diversifying If crops 1
1 in is the true il licy of t he South, and
tlie t en, who nolt only believe, but wi l
t' 1rtiice whilit thly belheve.
t We \voluhl oirge Ollir vilhlge loafers
ot f every age, tol get tdowti fo lnl ol' the
h dry golods box, shut up lheir knives,
s- tl n their t backs oil pllllibar rool iis a iii
\\in. wdtll hir way oll the coiuliti'r aniil
t le therle show their true manihoilo by
dhvotigi their time and atteitiion to a
iods iiiioe hiorablle oceplilltio thanl that
enmof hit tliing iiway valble time in
loatiing.-Southern Live Stoek Jour
ntis al.
S Recipe for Cleaning Wool.
lhntt Brothers, of the "North
don, Bloomnfield custom wooleh mill,"
ted, New Yoik, once gai the following
I re- recipe for cleansing wool: To two
pUilfls oif ivaitelr add a qiuiart lof soft
a SNij and half a lint (if comnion ailt.
leaIt fi 150 fro 150 it 181) degees-or a
ners little warner 1tnli the hand can bear.,
the Put in aillt o the wool hat will stir con
nre veniently, and let it remlain fifteen
mlinutes, mioviig it in the kettle oc
CinsOtnally. rThcli take it olit ; let it
dlain; return the drained hlquor to
l the kettle and aiddt all the water need- a
ed lepenat the plnocess, aund occa
sionalilv add a little mapll and salt.
an( Atter tihe wool is santicielntly ir'aled, c
srti- sit ly rinse it out in colt wateir, and
t llt oli will have it ulhit o atil soft. Nev
oiy e" let wool boil in the liquid, as that
lIng wiill fix the gm, ender t the libre iti
aitton 0d gray, aid untit it to make soft,
il be flexible yain. Fine wool needs molre
iorn lime in the kettle than coarse. Tag
rni- gilns may be cleansed in the same
inatilier, y cliplllling off all the hard
ient, imatte'r that lcannlt readilly ie con
ho- priessel between lthe tlhulinb and fin
11io1 ger.--ural XNew Yorker.
He The German Millet.
ee A writer in a Northern paper gives
pro the foullowing description of the cul
sOys tivation and growth of this excellent
used
Bigh- forage:
H "It will grow from five to eight feet
ere. high ; blades presemibling youling corn,
half comie out on the stalks about every
have five inches. iThe stalks and heads
Sall are large in proportion to the stand
o on the ground. It will yield fromli
crulp three to five tons of hay, and from
ild a forty to sixty bushels of seed to the
total acre (In good land. The stalks, when
3very mat'ured, are soft The hay will be
eaten readily by all kinds of stock,
'wer's and the seed makes an excellent chop
5 t'j. for feed. It may be sowed from the
cent. 10th of May to the 1st of July, and
a of the graiss will be ready to cnt for hay
iita- in sixty days. About one-half bushel
of, seed should be sown to the acre if
-a- it is intended to thresh the crlop, and
three pecks if lolly for hay. No crop
gIves is more profitable for the farmer to
otton raise for feeding all kinds of stock
profit than German millet. The glowing
itit of crop of this wonderful grass is beau
I sold tiful to behold, and it excites the cu
been riosity of all who have not cultiva
ted it."
and Farmers should fatten their hogs
rsecr as quickly as possible, but not try to
lars a make them very heavy. Ordinarily,
lived it does not pay to keep a hog after it
tedly reaches 200 or 300 lbs. It costs more
rt of to make the second 100 pounds than
have the first, and still more to make the
iides third 100 lbs. and so every additional
there pound becomes more expensive.
HUTSON'S
LlVEIRY and FEED
S'£TA.BLý.E.
NC St. I,1)ti St A'rclIITOC'IIE S, La.
t], ' 111k, I' Il'A1}i ) to :ieotflrltIoIt thlie
ý,1t piihlie" ilk e"Vei\t liin i nt i lt- he Feed andi
Ii2t,Ptl v ieeejiallV' I'M1 the Col l~itI~tel~t adl
vot HOR. E' w1 Pi:iý DAY. $
i Fit I'e l. 1'u!yead I$ n ;ijes Ihire mu.r
slit Fl'eh. 1 i-l.. Proprietor.
DANIEL PRATT'S IMPR rVED
S "R] volving tIead"
COTTON GIN
PATEINTI.E) JI;LY 1 1S73.
ITRICI': REDI)C'IEI)
TO $4 50 PER SAW.
rt
II,(
1
lit
r ill's GIN ha.s lbeen in use ft the plmst
AI tihree s.as,ls, and several recent, is
t pr,,veents have been aidded. It obu\i
Ids ati's all frictiotn at the ends of the cotltii
es box, prevents tihe roill trin braking, atml
tl given a LARGER YIELI) (I' LINT fronm
his tIhe Mie alun.il t of SIeed than any otV ,her
,st Gin in use. The Revolvin lHead light
ens the draft andl causes the Gin to ru In
fister with .less driving power, thus do
ing a great detl more work within the 1S,
set ne tin, while ecuotniziiug steam or
en alimlal p ower, than any other (;in. The LA
In- sed eing giu;ned very close, the length
he of ithe stauple is increasd, prodnuinug tot
ti. ton nu this uI(TuIIt ot fa grsateur iuarkut
Ike vin,. 'I'hiu iuuliroved value, giveu by
hbe lyuth of slaple, with extra pr'du'tioun
of lint, 'hhden to increased attuttit of
e 'k done, more than cinves the 'oat
tf the Gin in evetry 11tu hales gimnued.
lil Testiunouials seit Iby uai! )il application.
her JOS. W. WOLFE & CO.,
11 GENEIAL AGEN'S
S59....... .CAHINI,FLET ST........59
ve NEW ORILEANS, LA.
n.0
in C. L. WALMSLEY, Agent,
en August 12 A. T('HITOCIE.',, LA.
_ HENRY GEN:US,
o WVorker in 'rin, Copper and
vi SHEET IRON.
firs Corner Front and i rldTutlean Streets,
the NATCIIITOCIIES, LA.
and
by
hat
unr
A T rth
soft
War ta al-i te.,U Ie'
r to
ed- anr sole agent for tie celebated champion
eca- CHLARTER OAK
salt.
Ned, cooking stove. All Rtoves sold at man
ntl ufalcturer's prices with freight added.
ev- Ianufacturer of iplain and fancy Tin
tiha Vare MeIallic toofing, etc., etce
oft, A large and select stock of Tin Ware
tiore and House Furuisninhiur tood on hand
Fag- tUT'rTERING. ROOFING, and all matt
awe tier of Job, Tin and plntubers work Cxe
lard ('tiled with dispatch.
On- n
Steam Saw Mill. 1
J. H. STEPHENS.
(Seven Miles &outh of Natchitochcs.)
HAS ON HAND and is prepared to fur
1 nish on short notice all kinds of the
BEST QUALITY OF
Y9fllow Heart
PINE LUMBER.
Has well stocked lumber yard in this
city and at Mr T. Chaler's, on Cane riv
er where parties ciul have orders tilled
promptly on application.
PRICE:
Five to Ten dollars per M. at Mill.
Fourteen dollar per M. in city yard.
Address,
J. H. STEPH ....,
At Mill. d
Or J. C. TRICHEL,
Natchitoches,
And T. CHALER,
Feb. 17-1y. Cote Joyoense.
Pictures !
Pictures I!
Pictures ! ! !
You can have Three Card Pictures taken
for FIFTY CENTS, on St. Denis street,
Natchitoches, La.
A. G. RUDD,
Photographer.
FOR 877
B
Is th
ull ini
St r l s e
Should subscribe at once, and rat,
CI
a lo..
c1( e1
ticipl
for t
FOR 1877.emoc
- 00-- und
Our inducement to Clubs are lib
eral. msiae
Tel
,Trw
-00
Thi
OO HERETlii
111
cures us one new Cash subscriber at our usual ratet -.
have the VINDICATOR one year for Two DOLLARS. That T
Il' is, both subscribers can get the paper for Foua DOL
'h"I LARS AN!) FIF'r CENTS.
rt iPu
Lat
kl.
..1.
tslll
sill
Single copies......................... $2 50 '
,. Tell copies to one address.............. 22 50 t";
Twenty copies to one address............ 40 00 1 '
A copy of either, the h1n
ll i
New York Weekly Sun, ,
N. 0. Weekly Democrat,
Furnished extra and firee of charge, to each getter up
of a club of ten subscribers. v<
CASH must aeeomImny every order.
Remit by DIraft, Postoffice Order or RLegistered Letter.
is of
'ES
:Ti JOB WORK.
Vatro Our Office is supplied with a splendid assortment of d
-- and we are determined to do as good work as New e
Orleans, and as cheap. ii
BLAN KS,
* POSTERS,
== CIRCUL ARS, -
BILL HEADS,
R LETTER HEADS,
2 BRIEFS,
PROGRAMMES,
1 BUSINESS CARDS,
and all kinds of work executed with neatness anwl
il. dispatch.
se. Address. ii
!! 3J. H. COSGROVE,
treet, EDITOR AND PUBLISHER, f
icr. PEOPLE'S VINDICATOR, Nachitoches, Lah p. 0. Box 120
OUR COUNTRY! i ;
WHAT WILL 11
T h
Become of It? ?
ofiI
Is thellIquestion now agitating tile public 1h
mind. E
' 'h11 g ra y ,v issu es befo re t o(l t ,reI'ss : ih t,
final setts lment of the late Presidential ut
Sli,'cti-il ; t111 ilncom ing C ,l- 1r' i s ; till, I ln l
new PJresident: the Poli .y of ti' I,'xt II
A\llniIiitsllaltioII ; 11d111 11111 t r. w.1.11l o. t
the country 11N1 11.'1lh', a8'' mlUalttes of ~111+
.great inttelr .t tst t ~h alnd 8 1'11,.1'. 1 1\ i til -
ill. St lll' ] ci 'ris is h a s n1 t h+.1'11 p re se n ted 111"
since the Declaration of Inlepend'ill, e. ',t.
A Trnlhfutl History' of events. and do. pIr
injug lf Congrss will be giv 'n witlh int- 11
paltiality and fairnu.,,s in 1h11
CINCINNATI ENQUIRER,
a uilic spirited Ipa'r echoing tfie wish
IS to the 'Iople, aldvocaltlug sulbllissionll
to theill Laws, glll] (;i rllov'riuii'it, alld tll'
Rights of the peolthe to be heard Ilnlt all
inattct's t;haIt plertai to the counitlry's
welfare.
lilth 'lricky 1'oliticiaus, al'ys realldy
to or1lganize troilblu , but who elveti par-i1
ticipat iln dangll , will bi i h lIli oi ll u1 iii
their tr'te chi'ara ers. Iy sul,scrilbilig
for the Etnlhtirer, yolu will get t fai 1h fll
record of e1v"ents :Is ihl-y trailspire, wilh
oilt Pal'lty, Co~llriUn ld ulnhUllisii l 11Y sar
t5 feelings. silt-hi true 1wlrit in a news- lt
Ilpaper is its abliility 1anLd willii ilInss to ti22
give the llll
NEWS AS IT COMES,
a1nd not as it is pirelared by party Ilemnl - Thi
ggiilcs to Illisleald the people. Spelilllen 111
copies fTre. dli
fan
Terms of Subscription. eei
bingle Copy, olnec year ............. 5 00 tel
Five Copies _ " ..j1 73 cach......, 75 h
Tel " " .. I 6 " . .....ld I I.ll
'Twety I" . .. 1 50 '' .....3000
---- - - Col
FOR I)AILEY.
Without hSutnay IxKue. Wl'ith Sida Issute. tis
BY M ail. o t Vearl..s2l ( Byi M ail I aii r 1 111I
Six allllths ... ... I i Six Mouths .... 7 t1 `
Three MMtllhs.... 3 : I Three Miuthlu .. 3 .i liel
One M Ontill........... I : lh | liA M i tlh .... I5t0 ,
Most lilberal terms to chib agnts. SoIlid
for spel 11ii11 colieIs anild a~gelnts' l lllit. er
Aglt-n \;illtned a;t eve'ry lpost-otlicc. cin
AddresCs all 11et tes to to
FARAN & McLEAN, Pu'l.IsrtEl:s,
Cincinnati, Ohio.
STIE H U NION
MONTGOMIERY BLAIR, Editor.
Published Every Morning (Suil- S
days excepted) at to
927 D STREET N. W., ll
,'alshington, D. C., ty
BYI IIENItY I'OLKINIION.
st.
Address, Box 4184, City P. O. p
The UNION is served c y (arri(ers to Il
sutbscrilcers at 15 cIntIs per week, er 0i i0
cents li'r miuoti. Single c opies, three
cents Ily uail, (poi tagl.e prelpaill,) Gil
'ents pl r i onlt-1h, or -7.11! pei year. All fn
subshriptiomus iiist be paid il'aiialbly in Vii
adVlitT. at
Th ' IUN ION will bI' sent to eilbs at 2t1
thlo ilcy lith ra t il ,Vlililp'. i Cl O lliI ioiil tilt'pi.)
Rates of'(iverli.iig furllisled Ot il .
Splintion.
NewsdIe,,alrs orderit g Tll lll' 'IllOINX will ti
MoIney lilst invariably acco 1llllny" the al
All hiigk itsceCLks mic lgist hit t~amilc;di't.
P sit hll e tlti itilho l' at e g lir'e.lliiill. ( 1 - Il
All lust i r 1i1i .1 21lo iilliit(l i ioll' Sll f lvs ie
dd(rtss' (It heN"Pl blisherbll the 1'i0ion."
The E'inlll is conducted on entirely ft
The eIlionl is the oly Demlocralic dai - tl
ly publil hii l at thill senut loi' G. .ivIrnmelnt.
cIt is dcdic tl cd to the diSalshiiatelt dis t
cll1hsiol if the eveCtll S aiitil isllics oill th t
h--r. In tht lalgigI of the iitiil
in tilt estiblishlmntlt of tils paler ie to i.
i llolheltio g thre lition froi bhintr si-e t
,ecteid to thce illll liust rt~sult fro tn
aiscig its Chwe f Magiktnalcy eie nihencyli,
iiihistrihn ilnd finliCle dcrl'eed y the
vocte if oleitlrll, nd wi thot co toea
colldet' the tiil aler is to diirolnst't itsd
u tility to hll u Citiii try ai t hlrl, i nill i tor
Aculilie ,thkl s ort froe tch11 lieophelle Il
to assure it s ste (alpl li lrsu Ciliii." t
aW l tlokliie Eitorial d ('tC.
TPRIME ENJOYMENT FOR A YEAR.
SnLess than four C llents a lt, ek.tc.
NAKE IiO.E ATTACTIVET & INTRO-,
2I0 llom treet, Pllldllia, PS .
N.Which forB.-nl sore than 5nfix years has nbeen
6~0 befor ethe bestr , tlt
mays is well knowtln all over the Unitedb
States. Iffrnt isulitishd weekly, coutalIrins
Seight latrge pllags, tleI'rly printed o goodii
5i Ileut, Cilld wihleth ie chlo i ice ct s tories loll
saiioail tlrash, ulilt sluch ias# , mlother ill
E Swilling wil otinn to ehave her ilre rerid. I(lII
by whotile people od fur the papeopler is r an oppd el-to
phical articles; Scientio thlic; Agricultural ox i
tnd H usehontilg Deof rot, elllirl',ls; Fl shy milit
Avicle. IL will ensh alor excelyl it meu
or-i bolusNo ; Lit rn ary rm leviewslO News
-Noiths; ily's intd (hils' CohlunilSte, a .dr
wOlst slych na Collll ofcr Ints eventrybody loves towill
read, andlr the llprioe is ou nlyro nd l.
fu Sample copy contaffining clubreprters rats, cOeItc.
sentl oIt reipt of a 3-cent stampo. Addresspill
ly6 will fl, accreate, Phlad ftearlphias; P ia.
N.20 t B.-hBe sre aid w oix the nPiumberl
thmay knoew through what url haper the dosub
the Treasury or by usurping what the law doe.'
1!l.",, ý ilt d 'r: ,' .. f" ;, i) . ! l r . - " .
i lh " ( ,1 t ill. p  ,". . +r t th e t' c oa " . -
o, ujustili,., ,,¢,r. ý1 %ch  y
'h. plr itt r,,f tih h , . X wit lt t b t.
a ,Iu t lh I r 0.' 0 a v".t PM .. pai'3 t1
the Sun.ay .edition $7 70 a )earr t
Th, "lUNI',1 ehtn, n alon,. e •,
1 20 a i ,ar. ipost paid. ih't _.
Tile re i SN ight pagets u 5%
monls. will i,, t'urnfi4,,d debahg 1+T:i 7  i+
v49l a v' tai. f tp st a paid. ; rug ] 'ut " 5tl.,
Thb h,.etit of thlin Ia .r reductin, f
pr1evious NMI- fur Ihe. W* "khv (-aus In elI
itdividita vtih.rihe' s wl itht it ti.-e IN'
nuakn,, up .luha. At th,. si. tin e.~ ll 3 9.
iiiIa IT li'iil, 1.1 il i iltt l t 1 Li t . At
ri a titinl, ur shall 1.. .,I.00 1'ite ~ v,. al.y.
n ... . 1 "I r , t i t " 7 teq
h,-,i | o I' nll . n 1,.1m ." ill hrt, ;,1 . t Ip te l eitiT:
'77 THE PEOPLE'S PAPElR .
i llh LOtapr u hiV I LE WEEKi
Courier-ou- i . t,
(-:ullr la. 11Aw pb.1 the °' o
paprer unnplintin_. are ar1-%Ire aly e x Oui 10 v,
siThe Gri t National Family t t aath t
its luteiitIs th e ecx ritthe, aility
tint'tiail rIs Itr1,'s otf throe ol-tiutlt~lt~ -
is ilhk otWr~i:t i,.trsitt tiatirnual relputj '*h
lonsi he r the { iilSl' (', t iltr, l ie i ticle j1 1
tiper plit 11,shd in t 1 rld, and W c en tr qu
mlr af the verhty best. thrown frmt
datil \' editi iti, hutit e onttldhte, able, sple
-Am ducy TnE.w 'ISUNr, carewfully aad in tj,
'77 THE PEOPLE'S PAPERT
gIntl edited 11LLEVry columnYd
Courier-Jo0:_ T
ThCleic fre .t N ational Family ooks, orew
Combines of the experhi ienmgte, abili rhltty
mtatrrial resources of three old-timel4 Tn
istville ( iritlicails rs (o ' a tiual repute. Ti
the Loutisvill1 l'onti1r, Louisville J1 S
il'ENTICS POEMS aind the Wirat-lndi
Cour'ier Jiit.itll mieC year for tg. '
A slilhindid MallP ot the south,~
t.ix'd inc thes, hedspme.t coflored, ence
utilghed fa rom nearly hal a r retail T
the2u, will ividual rsented to each stu .
I. to tl Weckly Courier-Journal is »a
sie hsty b ptch thrown fro2.hi.
Tdaily edition, but a cotplete, able,. p 
frl ntily s t ewcpatr, ir fPlly andr into e. ,
giently editeyd il every coluadtive in
graph.
Ch'lice from 22:º standard books, oraa it
one of the leading mlaggazines or ilingtt FI
tod periodicals r a mere pittance
addition to the price of the Courierj.
Hal ulnte.
PrENTICi.ss PO S and the WeeMA,
Couries. Courn al one year for L3.0iil e'
TIIE V(i) IIL
A sp dFO lap of the South, 7.
Thix3 New Yhrk World fsoney colored, 1877)
niSeh-Weekly and Weklyhung on, willbefali
ti, he the cheapest and best newepian
liImblishlcd in the United Niites. lhuhl
he lirint td in l inilntoved form with ney
type uiiion the biest lhalrer, arnd no ezpeil
r hihor, will lie sprnted to each ntaiuitia
senlds us +ý2.Ilht.
Tverms, d.partn2.it a year. postage possaid. Lil
sttnariiluil andt tai, {oiuoienol it ilnall ma
peets tip thle co.flidecnn anil aliprovalal
the ihest claisses in the coninotnity vil
eralt reoard to politus of icalve oir mio ore. Sprli
ien copy and dilreescriptive circular.
t a ill lay i fire it readers:ss.
Address W. N. HALDEMAN,
tPres.: Nw Courier-Journal Co., Loall kluill,
Ifr I i Tla , by ail Ind byteb
FOR-1.877.
gThe New York Worlds for 1877 Dl ul
arratgeil, nltcii'itl at tent i,,n heing givenh -
all o'ntitiireial, Legal, Financial.Social,
Seaind-Weekly and Weekly, wsatio ill bthe fCity
to he the cheapest and best newspipe
published intil the Iunited St.'tes. v
be printed i:l an improved form withIlat.
type upon the hest paper, arid no espot
or labor will hºe spared to matintainitia
ever~y dtepartment at the highest posil
istag all nd to coeilnd it in alegislatin
pec~ts to the coufidence and ap~provald(
the het classes t Win the conimuityw Allint;.
ot regard to political opinions orreliga
ions differences.
Lfrom iterary, Ed res, by mail and byScitt d
1graph. carcfully condrnsed and lutcidl[
arranged, sp"enialattenition heinggivenh -
t dall ' till neial, Legal, Financial. Social,
aind Politirsonal ln'oranations ofin theCitydres
the York and the United States.ulie.
FC.t. ilte'NIsF, Rcitexirg sndly prepIllut
tig all Cis o.ugressional a nt Legislatits
I. proceedings at Washineton and Allany;
t'i of interast throghmioncet ther'lorls
. Lri.:t.tnPY NDE:w and R.:-news,bywhir d
our readers will be kipt advised ofever,
e thing worthy of attention in thel caal
1 Literature o'f Enrol .e tid America.
t Criticisnts of all notable worksual
d noti.ces of all notable events in coanetln
with MIi sle, the Drama, Painting, Sculpt
n tire and all other branches of Art.
Elitral Articles upon every subjectuf
1- present interest or importance.
For the principles by which The World
o will Ihe governed in its discussiolsed
Streatment of the public questions, it will
to suftice to say that The World, while ce.
s servative in politics, desires the cona!
tion only of what is good and wise in eer
public institions and no limitations upo
the right of private judgment and -
aspirations of Reform, save those which
are imlposed by prudence decorumt, Ml
a rational respect for vested rightsal
for the honest opinions of all classessal
. sects of men. While it has labored fr
the principles and hails the triamphe
the Democratic party as affordinig ass
practical promnise of Reform in our pablib
iadlimtstrations, city, state and ultioni,
it will not be blindly devoted tothe-al
In vaneenient of any party or any cimll
It will freely canvass the public coded5
while it will treat with respect thepl'
vate rights, of Public Men, and it will0i
auine fearlessy into the workingsofour
t national, state and municipal goveD"
mnenits.
d It will inculcate a steadfast reliat
ad upon the original principles of ourpdi"
t. tical system as the only sund buasis of lll
i needed inmjrvenment therein ; an unfalt
reing devotion to the Constitution aln
tthe Union, a scrupulous fidelity tod i
,pirit as well as the letter of ourlaii,
and a sleepless vigilance in maintaini3l
tall the great safe lurads of Civilsn
n 1Religions Liberty. it will seek to uit
igate and not to aggravate the evil' iD'
Septarahlo tromt Party Government ii
l"ree Country; to promote good anidU
ill feeling iminoig oulr fellow-citzensofall
t creeds and colors, all sections and l
sects; and to advance both by iti pre
cejlts and by its example tho reign O
Reason and of Law over prejudice u
Ipassion in all our public action i diU
c. the discussion of all public affairs.
as It will do justice always. to the besad
its ability to all men an'i to all clsaMsd
men ; it will recognize no enemies bat the
enemies of good morals, public order sUi
the law; it will endeavor, in a word, to
rmake i's cohlins a terror to evil-dces
and a praise to them that do well.
Nor will it lose sight meanwhile ofthe
great and legitiniate demand of Ith
rnading ,uilic for entertainmet, .The
- \WOIHLi) wtll keep its readers inforuin
of all that is alusing tas well asof all
that is momentous in the movementis
_ soelety and will spare neither trouble
nor expense to provide them with a 7T
'7 ricd aniinated and accurate picture of the
times itn which we live.
ing'
t 'i TERM --POS'TAGE PREPAID.
101 Daily and Sondays, one year, $9.e
im six months, $5; three months, $2..0.
ill Daily without Sutidays, one year, @'
tt six tmiths, $4.25; three months, $i2 ,
less than three months. $1 a month.
ti The Semi-Weekly World (Tueedaft
un1 and Fridavs)-Two Dollars a year. 'o
ni Club Ageits.---An extra copy for club of
it ten; the Daily for cluh of twenty-Iive.
it" The Weekly World (Wednesdays)-O0e
in Dollar a year. To Club Agents---An ey
sri tra copy for eluhb often; the Semi.W"ek
rit ly for club of twenty; the Daily for clob
ist of ifty.
ill SpeCi'men nimber sent on applicati'.
rl Terms---Cash, invarially in advance.
'l All comnntlnications should be addreS"
I it ed to THE WORLD,
log Corner Park Row and Beekman Street
tes. New york.