N A'F( I I i jtf( )(' '1 11;x
S.xtrl LIX I' - - 1-t nlwcr~ ii;. Iýý
i n· rc·ir trtn ll ·I I '. il I lr
chargl·ed as if u(W~n.
'allisl of tinan ~s (ill Ig.~(d as a~~:ll l~l I
RHiteH of I fi#;sv ~'ip( foic;.
Tins1 PAPER IS ON FILE WITH
Where Advcrtbing Contracets can be made.
W. NV. SIHALLP & CO.,
PIJB3LISIIERS ' AG'EINTS,
A o. 25 ['ark RIfO', V !C'
Are authorized to ccnt ruet. for atI
veertiiin;; in oui pr aper.
SB. LEWIS
W RVEP~T LA.
NOTICE.
All parties indebted to
this paper are requested to
settle up at once.
Mr. A lex. Simmons is
authorized collecting agent
and will call upon all our
country friends for the
money due the Vindicator.
A prompt attention to
this call will be thankfully
appreciated.
TAKE NOTICE.
All persons desiring the VIN)ICA
TOR continued to their address af
ter January 1st, 1877, must remit the
subscription price before that time.'
No paper will be issued from this
office except to those who pay in ad
vance. We trust our friends will not
forget this, nor feel angry because
their paper is stopped on the 1it Jan
nary, because if it is, the fault is
theirs not ours.
r- e-- - --.
Ladies, ifyou want a cheap, neat
fitting and pretty shoe call at McCooo
& Bra.
The Editor of the Now Orleans Ro
pubilcan says, that if the Diemocrats
succeed in their efforts, he shall trem
ble for the fate of the country. Let
him tremble, it will be no great shakes
after all.
--. - - ---.o 4-- -
The BEST the market affords and
well served, at Bardick's Boarding
House.
... . - 4D ,a -. -- . . ..
The"'Kitdchen Organ," Washington
Republic, states the lachrymose fact,
that J. G. Blaine has been killed "by
the jaw-hone of an ass." In other
words, Blaine has talked himself to
death.
Try the fresh Texas flour of Mc
Cook & Bro.
When you hear a Radical yelling s
on the public streets-"don't con
found men and principles"--you can
wager your last nickel that he keeps a
men and principles miles apart. b
-,-o H·...--o
A.8QUARE MEAL FOR FIFTY 1
CENTS at Burdick's Boarding House. e
When Bean,. of DeSoto, could not s,
get his money for suppressing the re- n
-turns in 1874, from that parishl-he k
shelled out the truth against Kellogg
and hil crew.
at
"That coat is nice, where s1id yonu
'et it"f At McCook & Bro., plenty
of them and cheap!
Itsinthnated that Grant will re- th
sort to extretne measures at once. TI
Be has been going it on quart mean- of
ares for a tong time and we suppose b(1
this "extreme" means a gallon ; see
the pint.
The New Orleans Rtepbliear talks stg
aout rallying the loyal sons of Grant TI
by the tap of the drum to save Hayes. die
They will rally quicker "by the tap- lii
ping of a keg." Utilize McGee and of
Joy e.- res
.Call at McCook &lko., for every- el
thing in the Dry Goods amn Grocery I
fiae, you will ceirtanly find it there. Mci
The Pian-Checkmatcd!
For i iifti ,i nation of oiar renders
- . ' ' il l $l 'ri tctly state flth , phllrl of
i _ ruliad ;il .arty fir the sFi ·re of
It'e' h( giivern,) 'lt anld lie suii vi'er-iotn
, t'of 1ir l;iticis.
It is 1el fo under, and Lv way of
Si! ,f;:''. thiat 'Io poi ow 'r s .5 ev( i v et
.l.. en , , s r.,irpil li a , 'islitut or Ithe at
I . e ptt u le o))) , ui , , niIrp, avre toiiuii>:l1h
_ li-(-the "fIrtiis of v"' whichi were more
or less invi okedl, as h]istory shows, firl in
, ('it .;rto Napoleon MIII. Pn; -o le, irn
ii r il t wit h r i' the (ICv of pte' art'e (,'i'e-'
I v fi 'rm the -ireat ist re spect.
T. ','ilt retih if ,,f l )te e t nrio showed
that Ti' len had 1-4 iotlll i · e iorUse
i ... . . i.,,.) T n r,~ti a t itit of the a litle, a ind
S-- ha'bt he had also canid faiiv the
. StaIr of Tll th c ((r n oli.n , .Hri 1 ,'a and
I lhe pl:ih 1 Lon) i,iarn, ;r 19 1'ots lnote, but f1r
iiritnli iinn 'trl f fi' the radicail cispir'ato.s
,ti'nrhi n lia r whivshoº, ul: , conhi, ss and lle
t h}ytti!l torni the l'ote as the party in power
atims or would dictate.h'
,lv1rt:mist, The el1ir(1e press wlihth supported
llilyu's i nirlitely ligan ito wtik
lipolt pi)lilc ('pin ioi, antid with thel
..... p. i ll t llncri:ig'rs irmpressed upon the
. t. i0 pl l iit mind ill rth,ii thal , ino iiatlte' I
S ,li' hosnt miliih thslie lretr! iti ig Boards
WITH Wre to be denount li ced, theli were or- I
* ai rt- d l bii Ici rt and the people i inist
suIrt ir to tlite returns nil by the
S"itits ''inlidir lthe' ir i broadl se;i!'s" no I
illattI'er how \'oiiung, ltow Oitt ra l l- f l8ts
lint result. T'i sa thait fthe .e r
he made.
e ad rn. iients and thi.; reasoninig hil not a
p- i"'crfil o ft. t North would le to,
' strte what we do inot, li'liei',. (On
NT S, the contrary'-, the ieditl'entii , the 1
or, wealltihy aril the eraven all sought ri
thll I is )odle of 'lliape from strikiig a t
for a-' Iiblow for their own lihernt. ti
luit the pl);ns of these IRadii al col . i
ti' a brtos were ndrltzleil3' shattered. s
O(regon retrnerd, undetr Ohi' "'form of' t
law" one -'lector for Ti'ldl-en, thl isi e si'
enring the one constitI iionially3' re- (d
q' lir'ed to elect hit". I)
The checkmiate is compilete. The tl
Radical party is hoisteiid upiOn its own U
pletarrd aind their hi o.is are sinily
l- l h tug it'. After ste"aling thrnee
States in a miost outraigeons mannr alll
thiiy are ti nked in the iopieration by tI
I )one v ote fromi Oregon ; fthey n rllst
(I tO sKbmll )it to the legal ais iwel as tIhe ,
d to r'ig fil i ctinn if Mr. Tih ln aind it'
they dii not, then they must talie yeir i'
fr the t'ivery spirit theri have invoked '(
S is --the( "'for)i of law" lre ini thie hands er
rent of the Demnocr'ats. t
I our Thus rhas aibirion overref'ach ed it- f
S self.
itor. Ileir emiibIr that Mc('ionk & Bret . (1
hto lve a conilete line of ladies andi l
gentl leli n wtlire.
l OIs. I). Pierson and R. E. Blrko li
refitrired frolii New Orleans duiring the
weekl, aid report ALL WELL! Pack
ar(iil hiis got tire lR'tiirning Board i"
)ICA- count, Nicholls hias the votes, anl
s af that unealrs arims and hearts. lI;
nit tie Gen. Nichdlls consils peace, and hli
a.iassiure. the leople 'I' THAT lie IS ANi)
i this NTEN..s TO nE TItEIR GoVanso, t
ii d .- ILiltour p hipli remniin lie fettly dt
I not in icf, andl prepare to tilte l tilr emter. th
cnuse ges-i ihiat will now 'onle, a1nd which g
Jn will IIo; pass withooi;t being pe'rni(
is unetly anfd deftnitcl/ly slettled. i
Go to McCotk & Bra., ft flresh
ea drugs antd nierdicines.
Coos - ]1
FIlirwoRKs.- Mr. F. Elsig will give r v,
an exhibitionr of fireworks 'in Christ tur
t, R rims eve. The ldislay will embrace tie
crat nUtneroius and beautifi'ul suhjects. Mr. Dis
rent EIsig deplends upon thie kinrdness of fr
Let our citizens to reimblurse him for the So
Takes exliense hIe will incur iu thus cateringr
for' their edification and anrusement.
Several of our ladies have kindly vol- d
nt ute'ered tf srlici nionies to defray Kel
in these ix'li piSe and twe feel assured 12th
thiat our citizeis will respiid chlie;r
gton fully aid liberally. Let oe ly one
fat, subscnribe somiithring to the firewolrkl
c exihibirioin which will be ani using a lend
the irsti'rctivte to all. i
1,0 sacks of rust-proof iata at Mc- Itel
Cook & 1o. . pr
We hav(- before us the lietitirn o f ire
J. iErre-st ltreda aild Ruiforli Blunt tire
~og setting firthi the charge of "violence, Att
o* iitinidht ioi ld1 'raid"; in Rell River, hua
can Sahine, )eSoto and in Wards 5 rn!d (6 th
,eps of Nalchituchcs. This petition was tlir
backed(l, we ildertUnd, by the oaths tlien
of Ed wlnrdizern ek-, G us asto, kept
TX Fleria rJobey-, Johin dl ifnltiri, ShIed- an
e crick Brown, Ilohdhn and Walker of 'r
'i15 piurish; that theio is not one -
not scintilla of truth iil the entire aver- i a
re- ent, every one ii the four liarishles been
-ie knows full wll. etd a
lligheict cash prices paid for lstton cofl
at McCook & Bre. s.bsc
t Blunt and Bred ere counted in Harr:
upon a threat made by them to quit has n
re- the Radical party if they were not. is ul
ce. This can and will be pr'ove'i by Co rrog facts
us of Red River, and Baker, of Bossier, guiltj
> both radicals theuiselves. by er
The 22d Senatorial Disti'ict, which histor
is also the 19th Judicial District niust ig B
ka stand solidly together in this fight.. cutio
at The Mansfield Reporter and the Yin
** dicator propose to do battle d4l the "TI
P- iere of resistanet to death. Meetings tics,"
d of the Bar were held here and the Wells.
resolutions adopted are to be Serif and w
elelsewhere. stole o
' Fancy scarfs, shawls Jand cloaks at Not
r.3vuk&B'.scriptia
kmatcd! The End.
if o ir renders i ()nr citize;s canl at last real ie the<ir
to the lr ,luri of sit' tIion. l);!rk and giloomy werel
he s izlr1e of the clo, dls thait .i.g over (s fri(m the
!le slbvrrion lhr .n' of c tlosi g te poll s (on ihe 7t
of November, until srunset of thre Gith
l, ."" wai y 01'of l)eceibner; with thei de(t linini g of that
has ever yt- t day 'were ecI' i psed in total darlVnI(ss the
it or hlie at- ithipes and lr ispects of the 'o)I-.R IIj'
:ave tlroiilh itors ot lthe Rlep'lliean party against
Swere imore the lilberties of fi(' Amtriian people.
V sholts, fim TIhe one vote req ii rie to ele ct Til
1>'ilc, iin- hden, "t'ccordig to the fonms of hi r,"
;,'e are g'fre a 1hlitoh lhe was fairly, honestlni ad
I have for( is eq iit alnly clected befotiret), w oias ihtain
ispect. * firomin Olug:;n.
tionl showed The Amieian' lii lb'lullih was saved
its, one lcs- fromn an ilnti stine i;a iv the diill
S"hole, anl simall voi'e i of t h I)elnciratic , I;l ifi'
1 faithl the hlved lit tle state ' ( ' i'aln. WV .llI
F'lii idl aind iiyll: the New (tfi bt ' s I 'O orI',( t a,.1
i, hi It , filt- I fthat the hiand of ,d wais visihl
co llspiflator's throliughouli t in the tr igl holurs of the
' h nlilpinitg lpat month.
Vi.s and IT - The alriglI of pet lil,l id softly the
ty in power ()live branci(h at th le nrtal of the
white nlun of Lounisina. South (';iro
b spplilorte ll i ion an1d lorida.
in ito wolk Maddened iIdll drunk with hpower,
il1 with thl e Gi rat'rl minions rIh'il-hi :itdl n inllt
i ipon the1, xc(s, with the Sole intenI t of ipro.tv, i.
lino miatter kin~g risistiance. The Sinpi'ne thlerr
illg ioards stayed thi e aiild itof ln anild woried
Iey wire or- his own iVengealic.
plulle miit i T-dl a the plots of the schemiiers
iil( hby the are laird are, awl in oul at i1d, inalig
il seal." no l intt l. Iu ni. -: will put to the test all
oltr; ireu( t thle rigors of law 1t)upon0 the foill coi i
It thse - sl' pilrlif s againlst t ihem ani oi w e ihe
ig hadul not a nilltio t it e uan I li had olgit tio do
ould ie to With t e i llt i on ltrages.
believe. (in Let its, fl-low -citizens, oli Lratin i
Silenit, the late ealh other in the fi;lesa of heart
all sought at onll dhliveliance. Let lthe prayer of '
ia strikinig a the Israelite wheni l released ftrot:, flh
iValolo n capti'ity, w l ll il friiom h-a;lrt:;
Fiad l rfo n full of l and gratitude, to lips that I
shlatteIred. sipeak the praises of' (od. In tihe pain
t 'form of tial mansion ; at the lowly cabin fire
n, thuin s.' side, this night, teal'rs of joy coirs
ionally re- down cheeks;,n hic kih hbut anf hour ago I
blautchedl, nota withi fear, hit at I
plete. The thought of the tertillol consequences 'i
rion its oliil whinh would tovertake, us all.
are sinmply "- -- -- lI
ling three The propelrty ollr is at last re
ins mianner alizing the situation, and adopting h
ieratilin by the only mode of breaking down the t
they iuist (aenly. Without pri C'il.C-,rt of action. t
enl as tite !the refusal to pay taxes, is rapidly
den andi if I I
t take rter spreadling, andi we belie to the nun
te1 invokld juirity of our citizens have det-intn- a
the handis . ii not tol pi nothIer cent to sluppaort t
the "fraudu l t ent .l ore.nrl enlt l ow beingy i
reached it" foisted u1i)on its.
_ fThis is propier, and we at last see fI
S& Jlot . daylight, for as long as money was
ltidies ad paid up by our people, all the pro.
I tests in the world would never re
E. Birko lieve us of the rascals, fuor tlte reason
iLL Pack-ti that their object in secll.ring fll D- tl
ng Board 1pay, was attaine d.
Votes, aitl Every dollar paid in taxes to Kel- D
ligg or Packard's tax cnllector is aN
Peace, an(d link forged in the chain fhlt bhid, tl
IE IS ANIi the whlite man to the African ca t'lof
p rifectly d egradaitionl, i hat now tianlil's in 1
ihe el er. tlie dust i-tie, honor afd intelli
arid which gence. Let the taxed meet, and sol J.
ig peria- etinly ,agree to '"stip the slpplies,':t
.. anid lthe ai rilny of ontlrage d(ishlnl ds.
This sweet dis.iilse of Radicalism, lI
will gilve who has been counIted in l thile R- oii
ni Christ turning Board as l)istrict Attorney of ,"
embrace the 17th Distriict, and who liran in two cii
jects. Yr. Districts tur the same office, hails
dness if flrom t ne of the Florida lparishes. a
tu for the Soi e ityears ago ie tllurned scalawag,
5 catering went to Miadison or Carr roll harish-, A
tusement. was appointed P:tish Attorney there, til
aI ltd subseqnently was appointed by wli
to defray Kellogg as District Ahttrney of the
I assured 12th District, to fill the vaanilcy oc
I cheer- casioned by the mniorder of Art ho-u,
iy one Iat ris, Democrat. (lotliiim thenllll took in
firewo ik iP his lltl e ii CahU lwell phI arish. li, ( ii f
ising n while selrviiu, th ie Radictal party in his
sa il capacity, y.c ine into contact itlh 1
t twel-cle giood anid lawfitl Imelt in Winn it
Pir isi, known as trl-and JIror.s, tiho pan
Uoted. hit giuil(y lof briiery, rpoliIrted
ition of the case to the Judge, but owing t,
-u Blunt the absence and illness of the Pr'uish
Sin ee, Attuorneicy, anti the ret(ii on by Gort dii
i rher, h n1 iif twio nutilb hers of the atu--nl en
5 tind tIresti' of tihe bar having left for lit
ion was their lions--he escaped from hidict
het o ith ieit, notwilthustaiivig the Judge was
Bato, kept his )oulr't o(ipit for three day's, Att
i, Shied- anld inade every efftn-t to p-rocitre the juril
alker of s ervices of an otfcer to hdraft the lill.
not one It is a colnuin repoi-t in Winit tlhat Tiu
o aver- in anotlher case in twhich a prliy hd thru
parishes beea coa-u victed of a felurry, anit] obtain.- leg
]ed a ie w tril, thisG-ortain arrtla ged f
wl' Ile h risteieru e to tfe tunuu of $25- son
r stton Coasented to a change oft venue, land ces
subseqtjnotly disiid te i i i case. t
- His lpresent ouIe, if he hlas a ny, is in pl
ittedi InIUT'isoiibttrg, Cntaliiht hia hutish. He
to quit has never resided hi this District, anti si
t- not. is unknown to the peopb here. The piif
Cot nig facts as to his having been voted tot,
Bossiet, guilty of bribery, can be established
by every oflicer and the twelve Grand this
Jurors in Winn parish. Such is the In
which history of the man whom the Retun-- ots
et nust ing Board would have see to the exe- Be
fight. cution of the laws in this District. ber
ie Yin- . .... . t h- - t.
ui the "The Cromwell of American pohi- E.,
eetings tics," is how the Herald calls Mat of tI
nd the Wells. Let us see-Cromwelt is dead, orse
e scet and we huave never yet read that te oth
stole a State or had a cotton claiu~. e
aks at Now is the time to renew your sub-iJ and fI
scription to tht:XVircATon, for 1877. trated
Unmraied.
alie their !r. (,r":nt! ;:nd his crew slntl rte
oly111 V''e/ reilrt in al:l their naked ani hideou~n
Sfi.im the defriot'i:y . The conspira tor have
Sthe 7th been uoninskedl. 'Their' plans are
If the . l fih known :lund futlly dtve'lipeld--what
rig of that % il they do ? is the questlin 110W
Incss the asked hv the awe stricken ellizetn
ousplrta wiho ;istarts a1p.lled at the audacity
ly against of the Radical lehders. To our think
in people. iug, the questionl is easily ansiwered.
'lect. T'il Grant will fgo o to the cn I and apjlI
s of larw, .lbree to acce !Take sucess ! 'kei Ihe
iestli a wh1le hiWtort'v of the IRep blican gallg
Shtlil·i in- 's il(e'Ince of our assertionll-and it
NOill be found that tlhey stopped short
vas saved at nothing--outiitutiin laws, right,
tihe still fr decencyv, that stood in the aly of t
Siacitf tht'ir goail--s h l(..cs.
n.11 ll] Every point upon ;haich there canli
Ira't :y. lie li paceahlic soltnlion of thel l q us
a viihl, tuit between Hayevs and l Tihlen. is
its of Itie firmnly occupioT d i the l)oniUri'at<,
The "formllilS of lai w"- "'l pri nut fria
oftllv the case," alrae the R:ulical in the fate
of the ft'rom Oregon-the igl t to go go ehird
th Ca('iro- the '"forms of law" alil in quire into h
suchli outrageous proceedini gs a. te (h
iposwer, llin of stialiig 19 votes finro Tihlen, i
ni. inito looks at tihse sec~i undrels when they
f p taurn to the S:iith for help. The two li
} Tiner horns of the dilemnma are presented.
I worked antd thlir fatle lliipales th ile upon f
eithi'r. There is ino escape tfr'om dis
c'henlers i trtion for the Radicail traitors, biut
1, indrig- il n lopen, plain and un varnished p
test ill peal to force, and tihey will not hcsi
brl clin ttale tol nl'ke that appeal ! And the
we he Ametrienn people had best preparie for
t to do the o:iig fray.
PEACE is assured by being prepar
nuratni- ed for WAR!
of heairt raint's a tily and navy, his hnn
raver of dredl thousand office-holdr't's confronit
nn Fah the w:ii" and block the passage to lib
n h reart:n e lt;. They arie b:ekedol by the nor
i's that ol(?) inidle nce iof suclh virtine() ias
he Pala- theri n e hinr t nit who accept tone I
bin fire- from a Belkniip, ,a .,3.i and a St
colrse laine, in thrn who worship God as a''
0our ago eecher-mien who recognize no sty, til
hot at Iurn 'i or divine, to the end olf their
Gr'ant's schemes are stayed for the re
S tonlnt by the "formsl of la+·"
tact re- drunk with nmbition, and minddened id
Ilopting lby the efforts that thwart him he will
'ii the throw off the flimsy guise of consti
action, tuitional restraint and appeal to force. "i
rpil Ci'tcero ildeuioinceil Catiline atlid n
niaske(d his conspiirtcy-ft'oauiuiR with
ie tur- ett
rage antii loud in his den ei:tlionilu, firt
Mii- appeiled to his legions. Grant, with cii
tiort thi cry of the American people ling
in ing ill iis ears of QhoAsqte tands I'n t
aiuttere patentia no.tra ? with curses,
ot his lips, will resort to his arl y
.ast see fur Stuccess. ti
ey was .----- - ...... i
ie pro- leeting of the Bar. of
thrit tffct, the lieimnieillirs of tie Biir
I'nsonI of tPre Itrislh of Natchitlches. Ione ot ll
le the- In p rics ni co aliidh I the 17th I t,
diciiil I)istrit, urf the State of Louisi- 15r
allli iet at the oflhe of M1otse & I
: Kel- Draiguet, Att lly's., in the city of'
or to a Natchite he;s, on ¥Wednesday, De
cenher .3th, 187t;.
:bints Oti lmiotn, Gen. P. A. Mirse vwas ski
. of c'lhled to the Chaih', and Thos. . il.
i Wht'ltr'iipon the C.hln'niatt cxlririitld
teli l, ,,l ioject of the neeting a's contllllA in
e t in h call. when oin m urtion olf Mr. ate
i sal- J. HT. Clnlinghliam, it wiSi Resnid vedllc
S tliat the Cha ir appoin t a Con ni itt(e ,n t
is, of thre., to draft anctl prlflesent a re a
b. ipart aid Ire's'tl litutis, to this nmeetliirr , p
S 'xpressive I of their views hi rhition hi t
tii the Juildic;alti oftei's of thie I7th
Jrildjt 1)istrict, ecleicte at the gt i
alis, election ont Noveibtr 7th, 176, and
SRe tt ilitlicate wh'llt couirs5 &hinihl he W
t 1. of P hise ini ii I re epi' t eiir t tic, in, O tll e
Coil cofmity with this r,tslutii, whiih 'h o
w was adopted, the Clir it'apuiitedt
hails Messrs. 1V. II. Jack, C. F. )tanigue are
ishes. and J. . . Tucketr.
wag, Whierenpon thie Committlee retired
and nli tt fler elibeatihin renturied, and ra h
tirethiough thleir Cliairimai Ipllt-d lthe ars
' following >r eml'Oll e aid Res lutions,
en by which were nlianimooslly adoptetd. ' ' oc
\f the Ve, .i'ui CIontllittee, allipiihted for Ser
c tire phirprrta of repIortiig tot lihe mlem t
hi es of tihe Na tllcil olrhitcs lBar, a cuirsc gi'ea
S oi a'ictriion to lihe adopted aid purselld
Itook iin the present enc'rgeicy, iri iug oult
,adof the tintwarrtited actionl of the
0 Loiisi iinrt Reti- rtiiiig Board, as res.
lipects thl e Jiudhinil uiriceris of the 17th
ith Jud:ticial ist rielt, 'g letav llto etnl t- C
Vint it the follIwi ig Report aid acoli- wn s
i'lto iug Resolt itius.
iteu Yoiur Conilualittee are of opinlon, nnd
accordiigly epllort thiit St the gene-F
ris al ehlectltn held in the severail Ir. A
iH ,ses cotin posingl the Sevententth .II GE
Go " dicil "listri"t, ni the 7th day of No- I hini
-nil veunlier list1, David Pierson Esq., ofi
t fur the parish of Nitlchitoches, was fairly I
and legally elected Judle, and WV. P.
tlail Esq., if the parish itf )eSoto. t.'di
nge was it like lnler eitlcted Dit Statel
y's, Attorney, of this District, by a na- odr
the Jority (if vi'tis ivei thih. i'espective
illiopprnenits, J. Erntiiest hireda and D.
IL, rhotiain, of iearly six huiniired. eti
that That said election wis in all respects, to e
ltrl thrioughiut said el tir Di.trict, faiv, i you
- legal ily, anid lce; e ly eondutcteI, te
Sleaving not ta sht:i'ow of dolubt in hlw e
or fact. as trhe rightis of aid Pier- ig t
- sli and lil ti teir' respective oih- sout
and ces tlhat notwithlstanudingi satid facts, hav
hlSti i thiat ilofinIll atid wholly onscrul.
Ini loits BoRl', knowln as the Returiiintg perso
H onird of Loiisiania, with tli'r char- comi
aie teristic disregard of the rights anil Houi s
an i~ isbes of the people, in their official preveil
Te pronilgatioi of the retiiiitns oi elec-ore
irtd tla, ve declared thillit J. EIL Bired ioe
hed tas been elected District ,Juiigr, and thiit
dI) B. Gorham District Attorney, of I an
anti this District.
the In consideration of whitih ontrage- Exc
r 005ons and utwarranted proceeding,
xe- - Be it Resolved, Thalt we, the nuet roote I
bers of the Natchitches Bar do here- matkI:
by recognize David Pierson Esq., ts
the rightful Judge, and W. P. Hall
iat of this I)istrict, and do hereby pledge -
ad ourselves to respect and sastain their Was
arthottity, as such, during tlte period Seeh'e
of their inentmbentr.ic.
Be it fuirther Resoivel, That in the tit qt
sense of this meeting, the itfanmi House.
b anid tligrant ontrilge thnit was petper appiic.
77. tiated by the Returittlg Board on the of the
said, Breda, and (iolhtaal as having I
stand re- [l(' ehe fedtidl t h respetlive oflices
ud hideous of Judge and District Attorney, is
ats ha ,fuilly eqnialed, if Jnot e ll'reded in ir-ii
.s itide, l by the acceptance of these iri
plans re Ilositions, on the part of these pret- n
Iped --W hat tenders.
etion now Ie it furt her liesolved, Thlat we
ell 11il will w mhl under i 1nl.ijoil l1 ) wha It.so
m IIet, SI) t;r ji; I:I1111l ' lhii tilliOl'ilht)
. am ail y ruf j s"i,ºn of wh ih .\e e ir dieluhrs,
ol lhink- a' to lecogiize. in anly waly . the right r
aOi weCIlre . . :lithority 1 of th .Se, sh:Mallies. u ; s ll'
a d111 aJ1 1 perIl4. hlit iill r ti iizensl , arind as law
iTake the y1rs. by every lf,l nuiias i'ithin
01'n pOWlI, uphohl land suistain the of
lian gang ticers of the people in the diiicharge d
)n--anlI it tof the duties aund funeti:lns of their ll
Tped short offices. ha
HIe it fill y ie..nivel d, tlalt copi, s '
s, ri. ht~ of these proe(edin~.s he fu'risheed to  t
hle way of the nieltihis of ithe 11Bal' of the seve-i
ra! Ial'idhes of this lD itric' t w ith the o
thicee can Ilqlest Ihat they take imneldi:itel lia
lii in the {;remises, :1d that Ithe
the q Ws- Ie'p lc iniib r he furl'iidi with
Tihlen. is njcopý for pilidi, tin.
)erioerats. W. II. JA(CK.
rlium leimi1 J . t. '!' 'K ER. il
the face C. F. I)BiA l'. I ']
) behielud Oil motion (If Mr. J. 11. Cunning- froi
quire into a , it was ilesolvetd, that a (' I.
Sin iti O1n of tor,< i. :l- appointed by the
ig. am the ('hair to enlrry into efiect the thin:i jtl
m Tilden, lIesolltiol. Thi ('hair aplpointed lin
hcen they Mssrs. 1. 11i. P(lningham, C. ('hap- 'I
The two lin and II. Salfird, :Ia a Conmllittlee v
• n ,corresl';r~.entl' for that purpse.
lesen ted,. The elllilpol, o)1 llotioln to thati eIf- l
Cien liponl fhect, the mlLcting adlloilared. tric
from di P. A. SE, ald
iitors, but Hils. P. CI.rPI.IN. Chairiman.
islhill p-  - - -- pay
not lesi- BY TELEG3[Rý. APH.
And thLOUISIANA. 1
epare for just
re, Of 11hP .A.riy tI ble l -e-tigat.l ir, i chit
g prepayl- pli('il to the Tiices] witl
New Orleans, Dec.. !i.-The Pica- and
his hny- une's Washington Speial says a re- we;l
confront solution of a v'ry searchinig character pil1.
A to lill- will he offered ill the iHoiuse on Mion- and
tic mor- day providing for ia onlinmittee to in- well
inc(?) as vai igrte all acts of the Army f r in thle The
cipt tone $iuith since August, to. visit the D']
e and a States of Soutlh Carolina, Florida ani;d
Go~d as Loiiaina aand report appropriate ac- A
no stay, tion to the IHouse. writ
I of their It is understood that the statement gifte
(If Triuiibtull, Pllmier alind otlhers in a fin
d for the Ire.pct to the Louisiliana Board will city
f la e pubilished sooni r .Slent to the Pres.
ntddened ident to be comwtulnicatied to Congress. C
n lie will rThe proj-et. of referring the Pres- ordi?
f consti- Ihletial contest to the Sllflreme Conrt The
to f11c'e. a ill lot pass ('ongress. Live
midt niti Oiari PIl rait l'le s iltate nal niiltte 11lP lt
ini with New Orleains, )De. 9.--Kellogg's of C
:lion, 1i returns iprtomullgate to-day the juili
lt, il cial iuillings for the various districts
-all Radical nearly-and will to.
trderr morrow prouniugate this section. iOf
h curses te parish otlicials the Judges anut i
1istrict Attorineys retiurnl are, t un- erl
l a i tol and Andelllewsf the 9th Judicial
i)1strit ; oaranui a nad Shintery of Jar
of the i19th; G;ahali ltn Barkcsdale
of tll Il th; Smith andlil Brian of the
s call to 12th:l Iluilgh and IH. . ftecle of thell
:th !II; IRobt. Ray land i)iikgrave of Ho
17t .n thie 1ltllh; Eettie and ieir lf It he we h
Los 15rh l, Mouton a1d1 Chmargois If the na o
ose & ltth; Brella and Gorhan of tthe 17th; ry- 1
cit i T'lrner and Fuller of tile 18th.
The Legislature as retrneled con
Irse w8s sists o'f folr white R:(ds, an(d 15 ne week
o li.es in the Seniate, anld in tille House fi1
-icnr 8 nerTiroes ind while l'R:ls. su
ai It is expected that tihe U. . Seni- -
of M. ate investigataiig comninittee will sum
PSI!volie nll the ]R-tlriirlg Board menmbhers -
t1te andll rllsulervisors to Wasiiilngton to
er-ti, l prevent their applearing before tile Th i
riiti Hlouse investigitilig committee, whiiclh :Is
'Ie 17t1 is expected M.nhaiy. ill o
tIe gte i h
76, and eIllgg is cident nnw th:it the i
S he W ashingiii tl aulnt horitl ies wiill fix thi ouI tiel
liCe, O i r Oegoll ease so that Ilaves, will be n ltt
v! c(Oi l ( nt1 d it l alll( Pickiard's sp)orting . 1 tgri
Iigutcd friends are offering to bet that Hayes
will b,; inauguirated. t
rltiri( SNew Orleans, Dec 7.-Board pro- hl
1, anl unilgated, gives Ra:dicals 71 1l(eml- 1
t l the s ill Tolise and 19 Senatorls. I)em. -with
tlilln, ocrats 4(i mlelbs ill Ilonse and 17 W iy
itd f Senators.n fpnlo
imren. Radicals here and at.,Washington IlEfI
c(11r(1 greatly excited over Oregon lliatter. Ithe hat
I tihe SOUI'YH CAROLINA.·
5 IS --' { 1. of inji.s
P 17t 8 13i f UcI. Iu. r 'ii ji,·
CCol- Ias recei\'ved by thle collii)itto of thil e o@
I)elnocratic House:
C, CLI'hu.HI, Dec 8, 1873.
Fir- . A.,Calniol al Iaothers: pr
t I. GENTLEMEN OF TIIE COIIITTEE-- r
f No- I have the honor to say, in reply to
lJ., of your elquiries based (on the resolution hIM I
W.irly of whicih you hanlded 11e a copy 35's- I<) teI
t80il. terday, tlhat tile U. S. tiroops in tlhe pe a
istrit slate [louse were placed thiere by all n Ilrin
a nia- 1order for the pilurpose of executlling suclC fieh I i
e rti e r loies in might be gi-en. In this COl. c of til
lled. nection I would say, wuith referce n ddre
pects, to enquiries iumnlbered 1 anmd 7, thlat
ai;li, if your body should iappear at the -
tell State House for the purpose of enter
pi1i- ing the hall of Represenatives andl AND
Soffi- shoullld be refused adinmission by those. fon
facts, having charge of tlhe doors and &uch " rent.
r pelsonsa should apply to the officer in BEST
chr~i- command of the tryops at the State Uml;r :
ailn House for assistance necessary to r yo
ficial prevent yaolr entering, the present ltads
rella orders to the officers would reqaire V
,tiu thlornl to render such help. Informn
3, of I am, gentteaen, your obedient ser this of
CI L. C
rant, Tuos. II. RUcGE. SERS, l:
rage- Except mlore Federal troops en )Dec 2
e route for tllis place, everything is re.
'lre- markly qnuiet. •
Hall WAJSHINGTON
edge . TIE IPRESIDENT DENIEP. o
their Washington, D)ec. .--Professor are waitr,
ind Seelye, MI. C., believes the Presidon. w'vl't·fl
tiad queston will bo thrown in the DIiCINAI
I ts House. The President to day upon promptty fi
ipe. application by card, for conflirmation
tire of the statement published yesterday, .piril.
r.in.g that lie l. d lt i.i. . iiin. .l to sii.tnii.
",n, Cl i: 'h.,,rlain a (Governor de f:ictt
flicMs id doe j, to iecognizit the. Mlacke.
,v, is
tr- iliotse, :ad not, withdraw the troop,
htlos from the capitol, replieid there wa:
pr o- no trntlh in the stat i(en It.
it.o . . ItI, [-t q llI tl: l 1 ii : 1" Ill" l l:
'ahle' 1E:.\ ts.--l'<or ti'ttt.n 1',years I cv :is 1
ihcrs, g9 'e lt s tll ' 'rcr fro m ai d i .i u l.t .ed L iv
ight er, during 11,ih4'h lime I iield mni:t v
Is r- of he best hisiia s i3:s thi e i otiii t
jli- and almost all the palent liostimtnis
ithin n ec on,,n ded, all to no t','et, until
ie of. I Ied S: hunionu ' Live" ILegulator;
a tge t nd. , ronm lite ie I us..l it to ihis
t.heir da , whi'ch is o.w sverti i veanr' i
ha:,ve been eCo )ipaativelv a siiiiid
s an, liaviigt s .ifnreil t -vr  little since
ad t, t iy tiu " t6i11i the .lt'. ts ,fmy u(hl
re disl:,.,-,. ,,n tsequent\l,. I hartil. re
I the conl eiin d its u:-c to the ifitc tlcd of
Si - liver dis ;asse.
t the 1.\J. A. FI. \VI')LILEY,
with Ki u;ston, I;a.
A reviw of the teletgraphic reports
will su Im l, ",s ft lows:
Ti ilri ha.i I i. votes iuncluti ding one
fl from (:t"gn. ,
:;yes has 11 incoluding the three
; tolen Ato tf:ii tes- lnouisin tn1 :: South ('ao.l
ited ioa rind Flit lidai, or 1 I v tes.
ap- The Pali-ic'l press North faitly
tet howl iii the trap they themselves set.
fiThe New Yolk Times shonts fr uld,
trickery; aind the tie-c ivise inHer
ald yells ill ('hui m .
I (;entlmn-; it's war or Tildin I You
paIy volit imni tey and take younr choice.
'lTuii DR.AuA.- helen 'lIEste. thii
sitly popular actress, will visit Nat
1. chitiochs again doring the holidays
I with her strong D)ramatic comnpany,
ia- and we feel ass'red our people will
Ie- welcome this lacy heartily. The
telr iblie tuind is excitie to a high pitch
)I- and the rilief 'fforded liv attteniling a
In- well rendlereil play is unquii 'stiionalh.
th'e There will be clowds to see Helen
the D'Este's tl tipe.
i~i ---.------~l
ac- Ain l.EN'rs.-D:tve Peys.r. Esq.,
writes us that Miss ID1.t LEwis the
eut gifted emotioned actress supported by
in a fine Dramatic company will visit our
vill city shortly.
C iiior Eln.-No danger from C(honlelr
if the Liver is in lroper order and
ordistai'y pnldencee in diet is observed.
art The occasional t:aking of Simmons'
Liver R.:lator to keep the systerm
tc healthy, will surely prevent attacks
of Chrcl"w .
li
W'inter war continies unabated.
ts 'Were no less than three figihts during
the parst week. Black eyes are quite
numerous on our street--cause gen
erallyv, whiskey.
iJames T. Sprowl is authorized to
fcanvass for subscribers to the Vinli c
Ile (icflItor and our city friends will do
well eli to relew thrilnugh hii;i.
ie we have tle vei how Imoliie so sarce
ihe as ow. Cotton comes iii rapidly buut.
1i veryifew goods are being purchased.
n- We sa w on otlr street during tie
el week thirreo wagon loads of Sugar
Re fi oro 1Rajuides pluilih. Coming, we o
sUppole, to thle Natehlitoches market.
II suim- rj7J1 1 4' iT N
embers - -- -- - -_ Si
to to 1877 NEV, YORK. 1877
r the The dilerent d.tliosl of THE SUIT tltrinlt
tile net y;r ' will be the same as 4lrrini the
wiichi yeta"r Ilhat ha lj;t passted. The dtily addition 1u
woill on ;week dti1 s(be a sheet of fuilr pages, or
5t6 broad coluln's ; while the weekly edition
:t the nwill be a sheet of eight pages of the salle dinclt- f
sions alud character that are already familiar to (
1X til our' frienlds.
THIIE SUN will continue to lbe the strenuous
,iill he dvocat, of 'retforlm and ret'renchmentl , aedllt of
lIhe substituition of stainmaushilp. wisdlom, and it
i inttegrity, for h ,liow llpretene. imlbecility, and
aye fraud in th'e administration of public aflaira. It \
will ceteul for the gov\'rnmelnt of the people
by the people and for thi people, an oppastl to
gonver.nmnt by frauds in the ballot boxs and in ll
i pro- the counting o tf otes, enforceid by military 'ltl
sviolince. It will endeavor to supply its radl.
111 ers-a lady now not far froni a million of sn)lli
I)enal -with the most careful, COmpllete, and trust.
wort hy stulllunts of culrrent levents, and will St
I1nd 17 employ for this plrposen a numerous anld care- C;
fully selected sti:ta of ropitrttrs and crrespouI - el
dents. Its reports froi \' Washigton. especial
int y, will be full, accurate, and fearless: astl it
will IloulltlesS continue to deserve and enjo' l:r
ltittCl'. the hlatied of t hose Who thrivte by plndtlerni_ do
the T'Ireasntry or h ialrlding what th Ie law does ii
unot give them, while it will endeiavor to lmerit lit
tih ct:onfidence of the pubiic by defi'nding the
taigilts of Iio lpeople against tlhe encroachmlents ti
of linistt ithid pwe.r. 1'l
Ti'lt price of' tIlie daily SUN will bho 5 cents
a ninuIith n $O 50 a vyear. post paid, or with
il thi-. S 'undtlay edition Y 70 ait year.
The S.N DI editiOfin alone, eight pages wi
of t 1 llla 2a Syear, post pa id.
The Weekly St'.x, eight pages of f5 broad eil.
nnis, will IeO furnishel d oiting le771at. the late to
7•) "o l ' vi', post piil
The heoieilt of this large reduction firom the
Iprevioll t lbr at e ' t Weekly can he en joiyed by
tinldividtal sucribers witholut. the nec-ssity of 01ni
E n- making lip clubs. At he ailne tiime, if iiany of ('
1f to oar frIetnds choose to aid in tixtendiog our cit
cul ationi, we' shall i' gratt't'il to thet, and every
tion pulierson wheo s ors ts ten or more trust aI.
t bes from otie place will he catitled to one copy
% 'g. of tihe' pol' for himself without charge. At
iu: dillar' a year, postagE paid, ew eYork City, N. Y.
I tilo pa t!cr at'lri at g are bat'ehly reaii iuHiid I coii.
yan liiAND can be te sheet and tli q ualiti of Pi
its fristl 50ts, o000 a re os either o lii' wll ille
ShICtI considi't the Wi'ekly St'N tie cheapest newssp a- 3114
pr epihlishi'ul in tlit world, and we tr'ust also '1
cnll ore of theo h ds ar of tht
rence Address, TUE SIT, NEw York CitOT, . Y. 40
toready es for Asettler
IntLdr- fr ale s hea
lntil IANDa cion ber haisld n lt qantities of
I to . i fo!le 50 to 1000 e rs n leitter on cale If)
uh r rent. TieRL VILLas are. of the 2)
or E BEST RED RIVER BOTTOMj, i
ttate unite r at high state of improv'emenlt anid flett~
to I t-12 ,
to S , .,y f lor HtKer ie, h L. t tl
sent Lads fiar Sale as Cl(heap ai t
nir e Var e Odtri ly a pure SOUR MASnti
InKformionlll o fulir , islli otn appliatilln ca8I
to this r ollie la by lt'li or ttended r or M5'll 2
r cIl L. dHARLEVILIJ~, EFQ., or L. A. at I
S SEICRNA, P:'SQ.,Clo Otieril Sl d Lha. i
on I)c 2- 7 11 AIN ST ET
L RT, OIEIR VnlT Et thLe Ci l .oratf ll. I
tihn, and parti'ilait- tectst1mseul.esl for LE- Al
pon pro~tptty IIl'tl frtint W:r.'luttiimu.i ,ll
;ion N. 297 MAIN S'rRI;':, N.
SrY April e' 1"..
() sustain NIlX: Ai)\" ; l"lM N' 1
do f:cto --
,,act. SANTA CLAUS
to trool si
hlel'r was, I1,1:: e.tab,,i]. tl l ; h ltlau lrers at
1'
I wa.s . ;r t 1,77, h,,here there is dipllayed a
.(ed L,iv- I r(, ;lý tlltl nl('li t of
,it, i any TOYS AND FANCY CoDS,
ostaintis
lllt l I11unls
cI, ll CRITMIAS PRESENTS
gulatoi;
t to this ('rul Ie fIWund tr ihl 'Ian tlng and
yea iar. I it t IriC ' Ito .ilt the. haId tui e., Let
a s lu t .ul V'ý e S o '.t ho a lit., it) enjo ,
tle since
li e tilt Itf
rii ili, r(,- ic
l e Ill "'tn u ,,,t a haM ,lu ,',, lr ,. o e'jl for
nil'c.it hild. hn,-h-'anld -r luve, r at
1, ta. JOHN RUSCA'S
''lte hIN- of trrie ('arnral.
l f"e O 1 1
I irver rI' (e ( hiitu)tpditUs 1I stealnlcrs8
th ('ar'
fahitu ;ly , KINNEY.
frauid,
S_ R. W. DUGAN,
n ! ou A. (o. Sw\.\ ,Mastlr.
choice.
FANNlt.EE TATUM,
hr. the .1l:. W . l i:r. i :ul., Mlstc'r.
it Ntat
olidlays 1T1IL.L run rill 'i.lialy in the New Or.
il tli! . lans atol Shirv'ielort tradle during
lie til th, entire s't'a oll. Partiicular attcltion
il will bie paid to all hiusiness enlltrusted tol
, Th 1: iir' .
ti pitch t. .t.-am.
Itln;A - ----"
ºnal l. bargains.
lln't )o S SI ANl I AREIS, can be Ilought
IJ for ('ash. C('rn, Ile'eves or log, it
fr o;
E ' TWENTY TO SIXTY DOLLARi.
'vis the
,te All at woitt' to
SH. P. ANTILLEY,
isit orr a;t Sompayrac place, opposite the city of
N:itchit c'chesl Dec. 2-1u.
'holern Protect Your lBuildings.
Srid Which Inay l h done with onie-fourth the
iianon' ulsual exp.nlle- by using our
PatePit Slate Paitit
bated. (1! ifteen Years Est.hblished.)
during MIXEDI) READY FOR USE.
i ire-proof; Water-proof,- Durable,
,Economiull and Ornamental.
ted to A roof rlil/i lIe covered with a very
h - cheapi sihiogle, and by ,ipplieatioin of thli
slate hi ina;dle to last fitoll 20 to 25, Vseia.
il do )il ools cal be patchlled ;111(1 i'olatd,
looking nirn`, betiter aid lasting loinier
tlihiiI.w .lit !in.lgh- witoliuot the slate,'or
f ad One-third the Cost of Re-shingling.
'hith expelsire of ,ltding new shinhrgh is
olll altilt fthi cost of aimuply laying
iased. tlii Th'lt.- plain t is Flire-pr'oof ngalinit
ltparks or tyling eliiln'eru, nro an:iw be etwl
ly- te ~ited bIy (1 10o
ig t he std hiy
Sigar It Stops Every Leak
$uwe rid for tin "or iron has nrio e'qual, 88 if
arket. lxl:lanlii by heat, colract, s hy cold, land
Ilever cr;ackls nor scleh, Roofs cov. red
vith Talr Slh'atlhiirig Flt calln be made
watthr-t.iht alt ia ,~rnlrll ixpenllse, alid pre-'
ser'Ved ftr lllia, yVIhrS.
[77 This S!a-t Paiui is
rint tExtren ly Chelil
'1'o Twol 1 gallons will eo'er a hundred mliar,
djitr feet of shinglep rotf, whih llio tiln, iron,
flii.e ftlt. inatchld boards, or anly 'laooth sur
liar tc hee. fhornl two quarts to one gallon are
nou reqlireridl to 100 squarlle feet of eurfiace,
I oif and althoulgh the palil:nt hsa a heavy body
u,, anl It is casily aipplied with a brush.
N It o Tar is tused in this Composition
eaol u
rd in llherefort', it nritiln-r cracks in Wintor.
"litar rloot' itls in Sinllino'r.
'l i On decaytled shiighl's, it ll up the
tt. lholes aid pores, anll givE's Lbew sub
I ill stantial i'ollof that will Insat% yeali.
care- Curled or warped shinglths it lrings to
P11- thir pIl:nes, aili eep t n th e tere. It
t'tit lills Ulip all holos nfilt roofs, stolm the
tlt hleaks--l aid nlithoullgh al slohw (h'.'er, mrin
htilron dols lrot aIthfit it it few hollurs aftelr arp
l-ying. As ie.'rl\r all pairits tlilt are
ig ti bla'ck cotilli Ti'r, L, srll oil olbtain
ents oiir goitinile ;artic l, which (for .hinrle
ruIoofsi is
with Chocolate Color.
pagIs whhi filrst alpplid. chranginlg in altnt a
1 c Ilioti h tl l a Illhifl;rln slat' (.OlIr, i1n1l ir,
rate to all init ulnts ald pirposos Slate. On
StH 'Tin Roofs
t if nor r'e color i' 1- l:i lly r ln ' refernd, as one
SI'at is equal to Iiie of any oildihioir'y plainUt
c* lrick Walls
SAt
it oflr Jlr-ighlt lRed is thie only r-liabl Sltate
i"' Pli:nt ever iitholirc!d tha:t will efiuectu
wi " l all-itirl'nt tdalnlliieSs froml penetratiug.
tpa- 1( isol'(ohrinlg the lilhit'i.
u Thl),,eie inits are also lai'gely' used on
)uit-hlit;usls :lalld finces, O, as a prining
- c t:l ol line! b uihlin s.
()iOur' olilyJ cl('(1s i'r( C(hocolate, R4d
bhright Reol, and OIrange.
New York Cash Price List.
of 5 (iallos, canii init box $5 5#
!sale I keg 9 50
20 " lhaltf harrel 16 (l
4-J :' Olli' IiLrI-Il- 30 O(
Wi have ini stock, iof oilr OWlin mlan
anid futi-l', rtifliig InLaterials, etc., at tihe
fillowhilg low plri's :
I (10t) rolls extrla ilhllbtr Roofling, at 3
* (c'tils Iper s'lliir l filot. (Or we will flr
uish Rubbecr Roolirig, N;ils, Cape, rind
r Paint fillr 1 lltil're new roo' , at i4
11tn celtfs it'i' Sqlulrle foot.)
call 2 1)( rolls 2 plyt ThIrrcld RIiolig Felt.
SA. at 1t cents pelr squll:il'e foot.
3!1r rids 3-1ly Tirii'(i Ibllhig Felt, at
29 cechIts l('r Irillilile foot.
"-2fl0 rolls Tarred Sht'thing, at j cent.
2 plr s;ilulre foot.
5C(I0 gllloins lillne En:itanl Paint, nixiedl
S ready foLr use, OHI insilt oIr outllside work,
lt t $2 p. rI' gallio, aIll shales.
Itilt Ihs 8late F Ilirl 1er l' hbi. $3 n
Sii o ,Ito 1us11tine Florr 3 Ioi
tt0t 0 . .rihfltor Mitiral ": :1 s)
10li0) " "kthllic ainf, dry " "1 nill
All Odiers fin-st he ae(,'liiljp:iild wit-h
lt thle Iolly. 141 Mijp.c-t to 3(l0 days draIift oln
w,,ll .kiiown pWiIrlics.
N. Y. SLAT,-V PAINT COMI'AXY,
102 ,: 111 ;iulhinn Lane.+X. \ .