I'm lllt
mb y N º is t
Now is
We rrmot earnestly entreat our
friends, both ladies and gentlenili, Mode
to fOntril'ute to tthe farm clunls ,of
thle i'si) CATroK. We desire to make The
this Depalrt ellt of o011 paper ilnter (11t ilt
estilng, amusing and instrultive, and jlulip, ni
we hope that oulr fateilrs Iplanters til st
and their wives and danghters will are phi
assist Its iith short recipes, aid let- frontlom
tern on their home land farm W lk. E; f
Sade s
We beg our fair correslpnen t to W , l
believe that we dislcontinued pn!li- soil 1
cation of the lf,'hrld Bills of Far,. selects
when we ldiscoverll how utterly imo- t, thil
pIossible it was to get upIll thse l jo twe.lt
dinnels. One thinlg e hope has cy; ti
been created by their p!1iilieatiol'. ct s
and that is a diver.sion-from poll'k set1i
and greens. We feel confident that 1e, 111
if the numerous lady tlieuds of the eniog
VINDICATOR will but follow the ex- it a1
ample set by "a l'hanters wife," lore bkel tlll
dinners and better dinners will be set be tra
before the wondtrintg gaze and for- ken t(
lorne stomnlachs of their "ohl lmenl." so is t
Ilr. J. Alphonse IPrudhonme, one lli1
of the most successful and euterpri- tile ti
sing of our frmnners, favors ll with 1i that
sample of butter made from the iillk shol
of his Aldeny cows. The hutter is 1t Jl
of rich gohlen colIor, and the most the 1
delicious in tfltvor it has ever been Vli l
our pleasure to taste. Mir. Pr- dry.
dbomme is tiurnilng his attention large- ai1
ly to flue stock, iland is a large bay I1t(1I
cultivator. SnCess is certainly las- themll
sunrd him, lbecause le brings intelli- weed
gence and personal lnpel visiln to bea' tltl;I
in all his undertakings.
How nluchl niore prosperous would hegil
our parish be if our farnmers would si1o0
exercise al little more of the wisdom littel
shown by Mr. Prudhomine. lie cul- tie
tivates and shiips cotton, it is trlle, a %.
and onme"lhat largely-150 to 21I4) H'nd
bales, we believe, but at the sanlv tiuli
time his barns are filled with corn, edl n
and . he stores his hundred tons of its
hay yearly for his stock ; while he allm
has invested in blooded cows, bulls, tiiu
hogs and horses. In other words, thiIl
Mr. Prndhomme makes the cotton tell
produced on his plantation the profit, itI i
Il II lli
while his other productions pay the cult
entire expenses. winl
If our planters and farmers will C
give us the benefit of their experience ties
in farming since the wari; the practi-. Cas
cal mode and manner of cultivating s"li
corn, cotton and tobacco in this sec- gi l1
tion; the results of explerilments, whi
both as to seed, cultivation, and the ziti
usee of improved labor-savilng ma der
ebhinery ; the rearing and care of stock, eI l
&c, &c.; we can make these columni wit
of unusual interest, tas well as vallne r
to them all, and they will he ilcreac- hot
ed to meet the demand. Let us hear -li.
from you, gentlemen and ladies. crit
Contributnled by a Planters Wife. the
Blackcerry or Dewberry Wine. "
VIRGINIA METHOD. ill
"Fill a jar or barrel witlh ripe ,her
ties, and pour on thefl snftwient cohl 1til
water to cover them-draw a cloth we
lightly over the top olf the vessel, alnd
leave themni to ferment three or folur
days. Then tnash thile fruit, anld pirls' to
the liquor throughl a cloth. A coti'e wi
sack sewed around a barrecl h1lop, 1nd 1 i1
suspended from the ceiling makes a
good strainer. To each gillon ofC
Juice, tput three pounds of brown ia. ,
gar if you use blackbeiries, if dew- flo
berries, half a Ilnond less. Retulrn ph
the liquor to thie first vessel used, t
stirring in the sugar well, and throw- su
ing in a sheet of writing paper torn trn
into strips. Cover closely and let it
stand three or four days longer, skim
ting carefully every morning. Strain
a second time into a clean sweet dem- li
obuhn, or barrel, avoid takiug up the i
lediment. Do not fill 'quite full. to
Bottle and seal the following March." h1
Farmers' Wives. et
Farmers shonid be very indulgent to si
their poor hilard-working wives. Let er
it not be stlpposed thtut their work is iI
light and easy because they do not go 0
out into thle field and work side by "
aide with men. The truth is, thiieir tl
work is often iharder than that of lesn. r
The thlings necessary to be done llholt it
the house are bewildering in nuniber e
and variety, and nothing but the i
plodding patience of a good wilfe
-a true womlan-is equal to perform
aing them. She is elpected to draw
the water, bring in the wood, feed
the hens and turkeys, milk the cows, r
do the entire house-wRk, whichli in- 1
eludes cooking, washing, ironing,
making beds, sweeping, scrubbing, i
mending, sewing, making soap, boil. t
i1mg down sap in the proper tinme of
the year, besides being always ready
to lead a helping hand at turning the
griodstone, raking hay, dropping seed
seorn, weeding the garden, and a score
of other duties which it would be
wearisome to enumerate.-Our Home
Journal,
The Vicksburg Herald gives good
advice to the planters. We have lost
the paper but the following is what it
subatautially says:
Plant cotton anld buy corn. Now
is the time.
Plant cotton and boy meat. Now
is the time.
Plant cotton and bay hay. Now
is the time.
.Plant cotton and boy molasses.
Now is the time.
Plant cotton and go in debt. Now
is the time.
Plant cotton and Ole a statement of
your liabilities in the Court of bank.
soptoy, Now is the time
Plant cotton and keep sour chil
dren away from school., Now is the
time.
PJant cotton and mortgage your
plae. Now is the time.
Plant cottou aud weir rags. Now
is the timune.
Plant cotton and become poor.
Now is the time.
Mode of Plantint and Citltiva- L
tinG Crapes.
The made of planting, mannring,
cultivating and harorting the enp
lernotlg. Flowers', '1'homas' 'l'ender
pulp, and Sugar grape is identlcally St. Dei
tlhe same. 'Thlie soil in which they
I re planted should be dry, either IS I'Rf
from nntlral location or diain age, lic
a;.d shouil he light, soft, loame y land, Livery 1
easy of cultivation, laturally rich, or r .d
llmide so fromill te use of frtil;Zs.
We advise against 1plantin.g 11 stif. FEET
souns land. 'I'The vineyailist, hlaving Taeks
selected his field for planting oint nished
v'ines, sithoutld liay it off is rows twen
ty, thirty, or folrty feet (,each way, or Feb
tweVnty by sixty, to suit his own ifan
cy; tlhein in these r'on'~ di, holes three
teet square one foo t dleep, and fill DA]
kth.lm with muck, Cmnpost, l tincetow
slatupilltit , W tell-rottlled vegetailc iulth
it ter', and in these plalnt the vines, eov
l uring the hole up around the viles
with a snmall qImutity of dirt tirst t a
re ken out, lthenl set a stake six feet high,
Iby the plant, to which the vine should
b e trained a-1 it grows, care being ta
- ken to pinch i .or 'ct oft thie side shoots
so as to have one strnight stein. When
the vinle reaches the toll of this stake
it should be furniihed with iartioring,
which, inl mlny instances, will be in
- the first year's growth. We think
a that all these varietiest of grapes
k shohl le tralnsiplinltel ftont the firit
ot'f J;iiuairy to the 201 h otf latch, ill
order to ilstre certainty if life. In
S thte spiliug alnd sliitil" of lhe tirst
n ait's girowt h\, whitll the eaither is
'u . dry, tlhey should tbe watered oceasiln
. ally of ewening, n ith branch or ditch
wa 'tl A ll growng veget atio
y should lie canrefully kept down around
- then; t hey shoullt he mulched with
lit- weeds, straw, or somi e suitablle Ima
l, iteil to keep the eamth damp about
the roots. lftuer thel first yeu ar's i
growth the process of manul iogshold
l hegin, and ihe attended to with ocea- 111
iild sional appllication of mnuch, vard- t
1 litter. lones. bone diust, litme-mnarl,
u vegetable mold, collected rom fences, rt s
ithe woods, :nll all such like material ,,ox,
ie as will readily suggest itself to the gives
21i) prdent vine-grower. These applica- the s
tn tions should Ie m ade annually. (yin ii
The uihobring should 11e commlenc- fs
Io ed after the vine teaches the topull of in
Sof its sixfont stake, where it slhould lie ug
1le allowed to branch oiuit. in evetry dirc- i
ltioDn tand he continuIed fromn yveal' to 1a,
Syear as the vie spreads. 1)nl ring the of tih
s. third year a thrifty viie will cover to o
Al1 tell feet of Sllutret aihor, anld ilodulce val
tit, a fine crop tit fruit, after which, it l n
th niltivated as sug,gested, there will he if it
t endless qnai titis of grapes and much of l l
wine.- lorida Agricultult st. sti
will Carnations.-There are many varie
ice ties of carnations, but all may be
cti. classed undelr three heads -Flake,
t IBizarre and Picotee. The flakes are
Sstiped in two colors on a white
sec- gl ,und ; as, for example, the Attila,
itis, which is scarlet and white. The lii
the zarre has irregular stripes on a plain Al
;round, and the Picoitees have a bor
na der with a narrow mnargia of a dila tk
ck, er color, or one profutisedly dotted
ns lwith small spots. Its edge is serrated, m
ane or cut. In colors we have the hiella
-Do, or salmon pink, striped and
ear r, a right cerise; the Union, a
crimson anl d whitei, alld imnll y otl, hers.
'lo have the carnatiou in perfection
e thle petals niiust he syttlnetrically ar
ranged, tilhe colhrs i iight and clear,
tal conltat sts stlrong and mnarked, and
no blehuding of one colhr with anoth
er. Thle white, wherever it appears,
il inst be of spotless purity, and there
eotl imst be to sl litting of the full anld
loth well.develped piid. This last is dif
f' icIlt to mtanage. Cultivators who
n raise buot a few may tie the pod to
lfoiut Irevei t the splitting when it is ready
wrs to bloom n; but this canit lie done
othc where carnations are raised in con- 4
,nd siderable quantities.
i a Sanitary nlnlence of Fnlowers.
n of Chemical anthoritives' have recent ly _
' nmade an important discovery in the i
idew- t that ozone, a purilled atmos
turn phiere, is generated in large quanti
ties by all plants and flowers havilng
e greein leaves and aromatic odors, WI
row- isuch as mint, lavender, roses, helio- H
trn trope and hyacinths.
let it s--- an
skim- Safety from Rats and Mice-A. J.
tai Wiillard, of San eateon Coanty, Cait
fornia, gives a very simple, and, in co
his experience, a very effective safe. uf
p the gouard against rats and mice, iHe
full. takes two round pieces of tin, like the 4
tch." bottoti of a fruit can pneihes a hole
in thle centre of each piece, and strings
them on a strong wire, one near each
end. Then hl e stretches the wire from
ent to side to side o( a room and fastens n
Let each end firmly. Anything which is c
ork is h ang upon the wire between the plates -
Nt go of tin is safe from the rats, for if they
de by walk out upon the wire, every time
their they try to mount the circle of tin it
Smt. revolves and they cannot pass over
ot it. Mr. Willard has found the simp;le
nsher contrivanice very useful in saving
tt the meat, grain, etc, and advises all far
wif n mers to try it.
,fee A moss rose grafted on tlhe coin
ows, mon cabbage rose, produced a shoot
ch ino in top of graft same as the patent
rning shoot, the flower on which were cab
ing, bage roses, and then on the centre of
, boitltne same shoot were mnoss roses.
og the Cattle Fond.-Experience teaches
useed s that cattle thrive best on a ix- c
a score ed diet; all hay or all grain will puo
td be dunce less beet than hay alnd grain.
ome The animal structure of the ox also
demands bulk in food as well as rich
iess; the feeding of concentrated
a good food being only profitable so far as
vvelost the animal assimilates it, beyond that
what is simply increasing the mantre heap
at a cost far beyond its value. The
New ox has appro-imately eleven and
one-half pounds of stomach with on
Now ly two and one-balf ponnds of intes
tines to 109 pounds live weight - the
Now sheep has less stomach and more in
testines, giving a smaller percentage
olaes. of digestive apparatus; while the pig
for every 100 pounds of his hive
, Now weight has only one and one-third
pounds of stomach to six pounds of
mont of intestines. A steer would thrieve on
f fbank. a bulk of straw with a httle oil meal,
that would shrink a sheep and starve
r rchill a pig. Pork can be produced from
w is the clear core meal, while mutton re
quites a greater variety of food, and
jour beef cattle would become cloyed and
diseased with itsexclusive use'
HUTSON'S
LIVERY and FEED
STArnLE.
St. Denis St., NATCHIII'OilIES, la.
IS PREP.IEDI t-i :Iceeomr ldate thel
pulli,, in iverythtiig il the W e.I a.nd
Livery line. Nta lot i lirst-elass and ar
r ..,aged especially for the tconvenience 'aid1
c·omffort of stock.
FEED FOR HIORSE $1 PER DAY.
lhacks andu huggies on hire and fur
nished promptly oul ap1li'ation.
I.. P. HUTSON.
Fel. 17--1y. Proprietor.
DANIEL PRATT'3 IMPa VD
"Revolving Head"
COTTON GIN
PATENTED JULY 1 187:1.
PRICE REDUCED
TO $4 50 PER SAW.
C
er
'I'IllS (;IN has liiien in isle for the pl'ast
I tltl' steas on , alliid sevet' l Irev t itl
pirovelntlts have ie :n adied. It ohtvi
ite tall fricltio oif lh tle ltds of the cottion
lox, l.rev i.ts the roll fr'anl bri.king. anti
gives a LAIEli YIELD 111 F LIN 'IT fromi
the salie muntoiit of Steed than ani otr CIher
Gin in ise. The 1evolving I lead light
iens the draft andl aus;les the Gin to 111 hli
ftster with less driving power, thus do
ing a great. al Ii'tore work within the 1S,
S111iie time, while ecolinoituiziiig, steami or
animal power, than iany other t;in. The LA
'sedt hbeing gininedi vtery elose, the lihngth
Sof lthe staple is illcteaselId, pjii'lt ii g cut
' toll on this a-.o nlllltt of a grel' ter' i:lar' t
Sv\'alue. Tl'his improved value, givenl Iy
t length of staple, with extra prtNhictioin
of lint, adllt tlto increasei aiiloniit of
II we k donei, ore thai envers the itost
of the Gin in every 1011 hales ginneld.
Tstitnoiiials senlt by mnai! on application.
JOS. It. WOLFE & CO.,
GENERAL AGEI'NTS,
590........ CAIIONIEI.FET ST........59
e NEW ORLEANS, LA.
C. L. WALMSLEY, Agent,
In Angnst 12 XAITClHITO(LHES, LA.
HENRY GEN;US,
Worker in Tin, Copper and
AI SHEET IRON.
a Corne'r Front andl Tl'indeau Streets,
NATCIII'TOCIIES, LA.
Ii
if
I EATIN(G ' AND COOKING STOVEI
t1I
li)0 - _
,in cooking stove. All stoves sold at nlmln
ife- ufacturer's prices wit h freight added.
H Ianufacturer of llain uid fincy Tin
the Ware Metallic rotilgi, etc., etc*
oleh laerge land Relect altock of Tin lknred
and s Houle e Flurnishiig geeootd on hanmi
GUTTERING. R(OFING, nv o ll tmlnan
I nor of Job~, Til n ll iillnrn wonrk cexe
I A uiCtd witn h disatch.d
Steam Saw Mill.
J. H. STEPHENS.
(Seven Miles Sotith of Natchitochcs.)
HAS ON HAND and i. prepared to fir
nish on short notico all kinds of the
BEST QUALITY OF
3Wellow H8eart
PINE LUMBER.
Has well stocked lumber yard in this
city and at Mr T. Chaler'e, on Cane riv
er where parties can have orders filled
lromptly on application.
PRICE:
Five to Ten dollars per M3. at Mill.
Fourteen dollar per M. in city yard.
Addresse,
J. H. S I'EPHENS,
At Mill.
Or J. C. TRICHEL,
Natchitoches,
And T. CHALER,
a Feb. 17-1y. Cote Joyense.
B Pictares !
c Pictures! !
liotures I I
e You can have Three Card Pictures taken
for FIFTY CENTS, an St. Denis street,
SNatchitoches, La.
a A. O. RUDD,
Photographer.
Bey
I y t h e j t l t ,
wiind. i
Ite" Pro,
Our Frlenils
Should subscribe at once, and
get up Clubs for the ill;f
CIN(
;L pnhlit
1s to till
ito ithe I.
SItlll lt2
their tr
for thlll
FOR 1877.
give thii
oo-----and no
goglie's
Our inducement to Clubs are lib
eral. fitg'
Tell
Byc Mal
Six Mlol
Thrtee I
LOOK HERE! oj
FAl
We will let each of our old Subscribers who pro
cures us one new Cash subscriber at our usual rate., -
have the VINDICATOR one year for Two DOLLARS. That T 3
is, both subscribers can get the paper for Foua DOL
Ir LARS AND FIFTY CENTS. Pubi
ºst
iI. Ad
Club Rales. J
Single copies............•............. $2 50 ,!
Ten copies to one address............... 22 50 '
Twenty copies to one address...... ...... 40 00
11 A copy of either, the
. . e l orde
Peopdle's a ind i ator, Al
I, 1~tAl
Saturday Evening Post,
New York Weekly Sun, 4
(It
N. O. Weekly Democrat, et
in t
Leisure Hours,
Furnished extra and free of charge, to each getter up w'
of a club of ten subscribers. vot
muti
CASH must aceompany every order.
Remit by Draft, Postoffice Order or Registered Letter. p
(b of MA
BES A
'VI
: JOB WORK.
vare Our Office is supplied with a splendid assortment of e
hantch.
: Job Type and Liberty Jub Presses, ,
- and we are determined to do as good work as New ev
Orleans, and as cheap. ai
E RPAt
BLANK S, N'O12
:kcs.) POSTERS,
lit the CIRCUL XRS,
BILL HEADS,
*R. LETTER HEADS,
t nv- BRIIEFS, '
PROGRAMMMES,
I.BUSINESS CARiDS,
and all kinds of work executed with neatness and l
ill. dispatch.
3. H. COSGROV E,
street, EDITOR AND PUB ISHER1
phr PEOPLE'S VanDIcATOR, NaChitohes, La.1 P. 0. Box, 120 H
OUR COUNTR.Y i ifP i
of unjnlti
T1'h I"Ii
WHAT WILL a ,t
The 1T
Become of It ? W
Is tlheqtieat lull ?lm ndW n itut I o tihe pl1)1111ic hri ti1
Illind. prelious
The'i. gave issues 1wfnre Congress tu' n:alkiii
fiilal seiitte nt of tlhe !inth } lresidentil ~+1" friii
electijol ; the illllloliltni Cl nglitres;s the aniptin,
Administration n illtifulitire welfare ht(1 tpreiu: L
th11 country a tilt people are tliattlr of o l rll:,
g'ret interest tilo enl aln ever( itlitin- paper u a:l
it, i till' ha crisis apis not ie n i snt ll i i,
1 Alhu ini. truiuhll. lid l'ilt li \vll 'i jlir - T he f
since the 1)eel:ltIrtio- of ltv ileli 1,11 ' Cuilh
for the1 E(llIllilll, ,uIh. will 'ret 11 f~lit ill f
I TP thI' i l lis0 "ity of evn t illII ls. and lo- I l li
ig of ile ('si'ss will le i\'il wit l of t
NEWariality and fa IT Cirnes MES in the ll
CINCINNATI ENQUIRER,
a pnhlic st1iritll pIel"'r e hollintg the wish
eoi to the people, advcatiii sulllliSiln l
to the Laos, good (o'rinviient. and tli
i Termss f i people to e heaird ilption :ll 11
nosiatil l' that pertain to the coilll'try's
The Tricky Politiians., alwnys Cridy
to oanie tr l, but............ who lover patr- e
tiil Coate inu tir, will e. shown ti intlit
their true charater'. Dv subsc hiiY ConAsin
t t I'e l ing. as t ihe trile' eril in a news-c
Thaper i its labili.ty andl willingness... 5 t to
give the sulleSit
NEWS AS IT COMES, their iii
and not as it is prepared by parts ,.1,,.- TL. U'
og Aes to Mislead the pople. pot-olicen mLre ln
Atlldres. all lihttels to to llCllc
copies free. i c,
Terms of Subscription., gently
CiniOR WEEKLnnatY. Oho h
Single Copy. one 'eyar. ........... i2 0) tel le
.ive Copies " ..$1 75 each...... 8 75 additit
Ten "I G . -.-... x rlIO N l l
Twenty 1 f .. 1 50 " .....301;0 PRe
FOIR I)AILEY. dior
Without ,unay srt. e IWcth unday Itt . I tibli
By W" ail, one vyar.t.tll Is) By Mail I varill' 040 ,i0
Si 927 Months..... 6 n Six Mohs .... 7 l
Three Minths.... 3 45 Three .M.nths... 150 her to
O e Month....... 1 I i Ion, I M nth .... 50 ty 1
Most liberal terms t1o cll ints, Std or lalT
for specimen copies nd agents' ittit, oral of
S Agenits waEnted a Lt Ke N ry potollice en
Address all letters to i t . 0. t
FARAN A MILEA1 , P rII."IIIER M, 4111'
Cincinnati, Ohio.
MONTGOMERY BLAIR, Editor.
-- The
Published Every Morning (Sunit sem
days excepted) at Io O (
927 D STREET N Wlii,) ie li
Washington, . C.,r ear. A f
t lY HENRY POLKINION.b y every
Address, Box 484, City P. O. pets
the It
The UNION is served by carriers to out all
subscribers at 1:) cents el'r week, or 30 ions
cents per month, Single copies, three It
cents oBy miail, (postalge prepaild,) 1t Titr
cents per month, or $7.10 per year. All from
subscriptions mllst lie paid invariably in grapu
, advance. atrm
0 The UNION will lie scnlt to clllbs at all
lthe rate of p eIrr year, plostage' prteaid,) and
R ilats tof atlvertisillng furllnished on uI - New
d) Pic tlioli. F
Nrwsdia'lers ir o ui'llri Til: Puin will tint
ie slpplidvi at i tli'l usual rates. The 11ro1
Post otfice or tiles lirt lllttellltl'ub atllI
Au i iiey l il l l lllll r iatil t l 1ii5 lil uustia ll' tilt
addressedt tot lie 'Pllllisherof tIhe 'lioll tll."
Thle 'lnioi is counducted onl entirely
'The 11uion1 is tlll onuly Delimocralltic lai- tr
vly plUiblished atl thl' ie, t of GlvtTillet. LI
t is dedi o he lis io i Ills
CcSsion of the evlllts anl| issul1s tf tlhet
lIour. In the lainguale iof the iiiitl i
editorial, "the iinniedliate ohjest soghit C
in the establlislhintl of tlii paper tIlo aih "t
in preveutihg the nlatinll flitl1n btitlg sub- wi
jected ti the ills whicih mIst result froi tl
iihcing its Chief Magistracy ill ahvlwli'e
up and frllstratig the great retorllls f aii- p'
nihiistraltion iii tilLnilCe tiecrld ly thie
vote of Novelller, aillti wee hope st towi
conitiltt the pape'r csi to delltolstrat its tol
utility to thle country at hirge, and to sli
stcuir' such snpport froll thie pIopile as
l* to assure its tllsuccess anid perllalnlency. thl
Je- - ----- - th
e t. PRIME ENJOYMENT FOR Al YEAR.
Less than four Ceuts a Week. or
MlAKE lIOME ATTRACTIVE BY INTRO
DUCING tht
TilB SITiliY IIIMli rOT. i
Which for ilre tihanil 55 years has beenl va
tile best It
STORY, SKETCH & FAMILY PAPER vl
nas is well known all over the United ni
States It is piublished weekly, contains lnl
l of igit large pages, clearly printed on. gto m
plaper, filled with the choicest stories ald l
sketches by the best writers; no se tic
sational trash, but sch a8 a In other is le
willing lto oe her children read. Tihe .ri
whotle tonie of the iaiepr It pure anti el- th
evathlg.
W It also contaiiis Historical and Biogra- an
phical articles; Scientific; Agricultural al
and H usehold Departllents i; Frulbion Rt
Article weekly, fresh 1and excelled; Hu i
nmorol Notes; Literary Reviews; News
Notes ; Boy's anid Girls' Columns in
alnd Sparkling Editorial, etc., etc iil
just such a a paper as everybody loves to c
read, and the price is ol1e
TWO DOLLARS A YEAR. Ut
Sample copy containing clubs rates, etc. ti
sent on receipt of a 3-cent stamp. Address
NO. 650 BENNETT & FICTH, rl
72.6 Sanuom Street, Phllatedplila, Pa. ti
N. B.-Be sure and atlix the mlnber
6S0 before l:.N'NErr & FIrTlI, 50 that wt
may know through what paper the sub
stptitnl coes.r
ol
THE SUN, t
1877 NEW YORK. 1877 ri
ti
The different editions of THE SUr during
the next year will be the same as during the
yea;r that has just panned. The daily addition
will on week daysbe a sheet of fenr pages, or
56 broad columns; while the weekly edition
will be a ahecetof eight pages of the salue dimen
sions and character that are already familiar to Hi
our friends.
TILE SUN will continue to be the strenuous
advocate of'reform and retrenchment, and of
the, substitution of statesmanship. wisdom, and a
integrity for hollow pretence. imblecilit, and C
fraud in the administration of public affairs. It t,
will contend for the government of the people
by the people and for the people, as opposed to
goevernment by fralds in the ballot Ibox and in
the counting of rotes, enforced by Imilitary t
violence It. will endleavor to supply its read
eis-la bodly now not far from a million of soulsn
-with the most careiful, complete, and truest
worthy acCo'nnta of current events, and will
employ for this purlpose ai nunxeroniA and rare.
fully selected staff of reporters and correspon.
dents. Its repo; ts from Washiengton. especial
ly, will be full, acetrate, and fearless ; and It
will doubtless continue to deserve and enjoyi
the hatred of thbse who thrive by plunderingt
the Treasury or by umsirping what the law dloes
not give them, whlil it will emllavor to uali .
th, ontl,,lt, l' of the puhiie b, ldeftd.thl t
ri11hl. ,of lt .rlo le against the eucroac~ ti,,
of unjn+titled p]owttl ' eas
'1'Ih price- of t) . d lily SUN will t ., .
a inathor 16350 a 1ar., p,,,t tul. ,r r't"t
the tundn\ edition $T a0 a wear. 10
Th`e .4'N'I) Y Veliin alo,ul, eiht ,
1 iO'a atr. poit p.|ii. h .
The \I'erkly S'UN, riglhl paIgts a.f brad e01
umnn, Wtill De furniel.'d dnring 1 ',at thl "t
of  I a Ve:ir. o,t paiid. ie
rThe bu.llEfit Io this lare rerll lucti ,n f'lur tl
Previous rate for ;hi - ' -re.,i ly can hl i elljii llt.
Intldiidual utch rril"lS it.h• l'ut TI r, it I ,
making 11) 4114. tinIe SIwI ti; ill.f ali
t oftIe t ipaper 'l 1 him1 f I it hou1 ti charge. I
onlr ttllar a .ar.' pt ,Ii pai el . 1 ti e etl pal .
iidletrig th- siz t ez ill Ih t Alp thllinualb
put publihE d in h worl. and we trust l i
Addlrrm. TrIlE S.T, New Vork City. x.1
'71 THE PEOPLE'S PAPER '11
111'II I.(i s\ ,ILLI.: WEEKLY
Courier-Journal.
The Great National Faulty NIsewaput
Colmbines thel exlecrience, alhilit rand
Ill;iterlial lresonrees of three old-tillt Lo.
isville iewlpapers of ultional reput_."
the Loisville Co urier, L411 isille Jour.
il1 tand Louisville liemocrat-:and is for.
tiled in tht, respect and coutidenlcere-.
sulting from nearly half a ceutury of
their individuail and1 comnlined success'
TL., 11,,,.kh I (ourir-Jourmal is no -
mere hasty hotelh-potcn C ,-,wn t'o!
daily edition, hut 1a colllt te, able, spice
ifamily news:paper, carefully and intelli.
g.uitly edited ill every cIlumn and par
Cgr ic' front 22.I standard books, or any
one of the leading magnsinues or illustra
ted periodicals for a imere pittance in
addition to tlith price of the Courier-Jour.
1al alone.
) PRENTICErS POEMS and the Weekly
Courier Journal one year for $3.00.
A splendid i\Map of the South, sie
28½x3-2 inches, lliandsoinie.y colored, vatr
uishe l atd hung onr rolers, retail price
'42.0, will be presented to each subscri.
i her to the Weekly Conirier-Joiiurnal who
0 si.nds u1 520 I.
1 Terms, *2.00) a ,year, postage paid. Lib.
eral offers to clulis of five or more. Bpe
cimen copy and descriptive circular free
to any address.
address W. N. HALDEMAN,
Pres. Coll rier-Joln...nal Co., Louisville, Ky
FOR 1877
The New York World for 1877 Daldl,
Semn-Weekly and Weekly, will be found
to be the chelapest and best neowpsaper
published in the United States. It will
be lprinted in an imnlrov;ed form with new
type upon the best paper, and no expease
or labor will be sparled to maintain itil
every departmlent at the highest possible
standard, and to commllend it in all ree
pects to the confidence and approvalof
the best classes in the comlnumnty with
out regard to political opinions or reli -
D ions ditbirenceS.
It will lay before its readers:
' ritE NEws oF TilE DAY of all kinds ad
II from all quarteres, by mail and by tale
II graph. carefully condenllsed and !huidly
arrailged, special attc tioll I," 't given to
t all Conmnlercial, Leg'al, Financial. Sojil,
) and Political Transeactions in the City of
New Yortk and the United States.
FULL RIE: rs, Reciting a'dl llastrn6
11 ting all C'ongr'essional and Legislative
proceedings at Washin ton and Albany;
lc all Meetings of importance, Religioue,
Literary, Educational. Scientific and Pol
itical ; all Social Events, gay audl grave.
anl 'Pe.rsonal Inrorm:ltiuvu of\altwo V,
the public.
ColinsrONI'ENCE, expressly prepared
for this jourlnal by a permanent statff of
:eeompldishcd resident writers at all .ea
tres of interest throughout throughont tie world
LIrEnt:.tRY N:w and RErvLws,.hy which
our readers will be kehpt advised of revery
Sthing worthy of attention in the current
l LI.iteratnre of Europe and America.
i Criticisms of all notable workeand
i notices of all notable events in connetion
b- with M1lusic, the Urania, Painting, Scalp
ture and all other branches of Art.
S Eitoral Articles upon every sublhjectof
Spreselit interest or iniportance.
S For the principles by which The World
o will he governedl in its discussion sad
its treatment of the pl:Q';' questions, it will
to suffice ti say that The World, while con
ao servative in politics, desires the colsevs
tion only of what is good and wise in our
public institiionus and no limitations upon
- the right of plivate judgmient and the
aspirations of Reform, save those which
are nilmlosed iby prudence decorum, and
a rational respect for vested rights and
for the honest opinions of all classes and
sects of men. While it has labored for
-the principles and hails the triumph of
the Democratic party as affording use
i practical promise of Reform in our public
adninlstrations, city, state and national,
it will not be blindly devoted to the al.
Den vancement of aniy party or any clique.
It will freely canvass the public conduct,
while it will treat with respect tlepri'
ER vate rights, of Public Men, and it will es*
aninhe fearlessy into the workings of oar
ted national, state and municipal govern'
ins ments,
""i It will inculcate a steadfast relille
uad npon the original principles of our poli
'el- tical system al the only sound basis of all
i is needed imporvenlent therein ; an unfalt'
Fhe ering devotion to the Constitution and
el- the Union, a scrupulous tidelity to the
plirit as well as the letter of our laws,
3ra- and a sleepless vigilance in mnaintaining
iral all the great safegurads of Civil aad
n11 Religious Liberty. It will seek to mit
Hn igate and not to aggravate the evils il.
ews separable trom Party Government in a
ns Free Country; to proiote good and not
ill feeling among our fellow-citzensof all
to creeds and colors, all sections an;d ll
sects; and to advanee both by its p'l
cepts and by its example the reign of
Reason and of Law over prejudice Ind
-passion in all our public action and is
itc. the discussion of all public affairs,
Iress It will do justice always to the best o.
its ability to all men and to all classesof
[I mein ; it will recognize no enemies but the
enemies of good morals, public order and'
a. the law: it will endeavor, in a word, td
nlmake i's coluins a terror to evil-doewt
nher and a praise to them that do well.'
t we Nor will it lose night meanwhild of the
ub- great and legitimnate demand of tbh
reading public for entertainment. The
_WORLD will keep its readers informie
of all that is annus;ng as. well as of ill.
that is anonientons in the niovecmenteof
society and will spare neither trouble
nor expense to provide themn with a V'
77 ried animated and accurate picture of th
times in which we live.
the TERMS-POSTAGE PREPAID.
itien Daily and Sundays, one year. $9.;
' or six months, $5; three months, $2.. 0.
n. Daily without 8nndays, one year, i;
ar to six nmonths, $4.25; three nuont;a:, e.-2;
less thanu three monlths. $1 a I: nth.
o Tilhe Senii-Weekly World ('iuisdalay
,and and 1Fridays)-Two Dollars a ycar. To.
and Cl, Agents-.-An extra copy f~or clb of
SIt ten; the Daily for clulb of tvwenty-tive.
TIp h The Weekly World (Wediiesda s)- One
D in Dollar a year. 'To Club Agents---An eC
litar tra colpy for clin, often; the Sell"i.Week7
a -ly for club of twenty; the Daily for clul
unn t"of fifty,
w l Specimen numbler sent on applicationl
care. Terns---Cash, invariably in advance.
aspon. All comnmunications slonuld be ,iddrFc s
nl, It ed to THE WORLD,
1 Cornet Park Row and lieek ian Street
- ,es Ne- York.