OFFICIAL
taper ofthe Parish and City of Natehiteshes
JA&. . C08UROVE, " " Editor.
SATURDAY, - - -- - APRIL 6, 1878.
Have We Sinned.
The gloom cast over the good people
of Louisiana by the decision of the Su
preme court in the Anderson case seems
to be settling deeper as time advances.
The question now is, have we not all
along sinned against these men I
Ifit be no legal crime to forge a con
solidated return, even when the forgery
does and has destroyed the prerogative
of free ballot, then Anderson and Wells
have been shamefully persecuted. Nay.
Kellogg, his government and minions,
have rested long an wrongfully under
the ban of usurpers; and the negroes of
Co'fax, the Dewees and Twitchells of
Conshatta and the metropolitans of New
Orleans have been foully murdered are
maltyrs rather than criminals!
All the sophistry, the special pleading
known to false logic, can never shake that
conclusion, horrible to contemplate as it
may be. The effect in reason of the do
clalon we have succinctly stated in the
above paragrarph.
Is this all? No! Then the men who,
on a bright sunny sabbath went forth at
Colfax in defence of what we have
thought to this hour a sacred principle
are deep dyed murderers, who should be
hunted down for the foul crime commit
ted on a day consecrated to the worship
of Him whose laws they outraged ; those
sons of Louisiana who defended the lives
and virtue of their mothers, wives and
sisters at Coushatta are but cold-blooded
brutal assassins, and justice demands, if
our Supreme court be right, their expa
triation ; last of all, those hitherto heroes,
whose manly faces are before us as we
write, whose portraits grace the pantheon
of Lonisiana-Toledano, Mormann, Rob
bins, Newman, Lindsey and others
whose sacred mounds, loving band yearly
deck with bright immortelles and all
hearts bedew with tears; these heroes of
14th September, 1874 died in an unholy
eause the death of infamous rebels and
their very memories should be anathe
matized.
This is how it looks to the men who, not
with words but with deeds, dragged this
commonwealth from the jaws of radical
negro rule.
They have asked nothing but a recog
nition of the heroism of their living and
a patriot's remembrance, holy and pure,
of their dead, but their Supreme court in
in a fatal bour consigns the one to a life
of execration, the other to a tomb of in
famy.
We have sinned, if this decision be
right, greater than we can ever atone for.
Buckle and Edmund Barke don't
exactly agree with Lamar and our
lately adjourned legislature on the
right of "voting against the demands
and wishes of constituents." How
ever Bockle and Burke are "small fry"
to the parties we have named, in the
estimation of-the pjrties named.
. ,e- .. rear tuckle and pondered
Barke, both so vastly more learned
than be that his ignorance was only
made lamentably palpable when he
decided to pursune an opposite conrse
to what they had laid down, but we
question If a member of our legislators
ever heard of either of the gentlemen.
Nore of the "Best Element."
Attorney-General Ogden, who is
trylag to re-open the Returning Board
piosecutions, is one of the most bitter
sad violent of the Last Ditch Demo
erats of New Orleans. He is a ready
tool for Democratic conspirators io
the North and is distrusted and dis
liked by the best people of his own
State.-Clevelamn4,,erald.
It seems the "laat'ditch" democrats
are respectable, sad honest at least,
but such sheets as the Cleveland
eld, Garfield's organ, would have
us believe that no one is honest in
loouisana save those who wanted Tom
Anderson acquinted. Attorney-Gen
eml Ogden, we desire to state, is one
of the few State oficials at present
browsing in public pastores in this
commonwealth whom the "best pec'.
pie" will delight to honor on all occa
alans. Ogden got all the glory-the
Supreme Court-well we can't do the d
subject justice. t
i ti
The New Orleans Paellf. o
[Marshall Messenger.] l
This ompany, whieh has recently a
recelved liberal aid from the State of sl
louasians, I actively pushing its en. S
terprise of connecting by rail, the 8
great State of Texas with the Cres
cent City. Bon. W. S. Coleman has
this week shown us a private letter
from President Wheelock, which
eleary shows the parpose of the com.
pmy teocomplete a connection with f,
eor city. Our ctisenas should take to
the matter in hand and arrange for tb
work to commence at an darly day fo
upon that portion of line between gt
here and the Loaisiana line. er
Wehaveheard from good author- ju
hty that the aid extended thia road by tim
the State is likely to receive a quietus t
rao the Supreme Court. The peo- co
pie of Louisiana generally favor the
Issane of the bonds but it seems
there's a legal point which prevents cj
It-the limit of the State debt hav- tiE
lag been reached we believe, in
Since writag the above the Shreve- I m
pert Zlhes brings us the following: wi
New Orleans, April 8.-In the case m
of the New Orleans Pacifio railway
vs. Francis T. Nicholls, Governor et.
al., Jadge Rogers refused mandamus
to compel the Iessance of State bonds an
to the railroad company to theex "i
tsat of two millIon dollars, under an
set of the General Assembly.
dlliude let Hays In and Nudem the
Ibshwm let Anderson out. In
In the Anderson Case.
TEXT OF THE REFUSAL FOR REHEARING
The following are extracts of the
decision of Supreme Court in Ander
l1P son's case: "It most be observed on
Sthe threshold of this inquiry that a
r. considerable part of the printed argu
ment for rehearing is directed to the
'g. refutation of a dictum not made by
us. Whether the instrument charged
to have been uttered as forged is or is
not a public record susceptible of for
gery, or whether, not being a public
u- record without the clerk's certificate,
me it will be one, with it are questions
we not only did not decide, but ex
all pressly and in equivocal language an
nounced that it was unnecessary in
this case for us to decide. So too, of
on- these portions of the brief which treat
ry of the crime charged as being a for
ve gery, as for example, this, the paper,
11s charged to have been altered or falsi
'y. fled, is a paper which the supervisor,
us, etc., thought to be superfluous. To
hcr say that the defendant was not char
of ged with forging any document, pub
tlic or private, nor of forging any pa
of per of any kind whatever, that is not
iw the crime for the perpetration of which
ire he was tried, nor of which he was
convicted. It is necessary to state
ug anew what crime the prisoner is char
ta ged with. It is that of uttering and
it publishing as true a certain altered,
Sforged and counterfeit public record,
l0' to.wit: The consolidated returns of
he votes of the parish of Vernon made by
the supervisor of registration. It
io, will also be useful to restate the elec
at tion law quoting the two instruments
ve of record provided for by it. One is
)le the commissioners returns of each
e poll in the parish made by the com
be missioners who held the election at
it that poll. The other is the consolida
lip ted returns made by the supervisor of
se registration of each parish from the
es commissioners returns of all the polls
d in the parish, and as consolidated cer
ed tified to by the clerk of the district
court to be correct. This last, is
if therefore, a document of record re
,a- quired by law to have a double verifi
as, cation by two officials who are able
re and who are required to verify it from
pn two different sources of information.
b-Now in order to ascertain whether a
certain paper possesses tihe form and
requisites of this consolidated state
ly ment or returns of the supervisor, we
ill must first see what form the statute
of prescribes for it, and what requisite
ly the statutes says it must have, and
Id thie cetermination of the question
whether the paper conforms to the
Sstatute, and whether the form and re
quisites set forth in the statute, rests
at with the court, and is purely one of
is law. We held that the paper offered
alI as the record which has been uttered
as true, and which comes to us part of
Sone of the bills of exception, did not
d conform to the description in the stat
ate of a consolidated statement of
e, votes; that it had not the form and
n verification required by the statute as
fe a paper purporting to be a will with
a- only one witness would not be a will;
that the paper produced not having
1e the certificate of the clerk of the dis
trict court, was not the paper descri
r. bed and charged in the information,
and was not what was known to the
't law and described in it as the consoli
rr dated returns or statement of votes,
te and therefore the paper offered was
not receivable in evidence and does
not sustain the charge laid in the in
- formation, just as a check, deed, bond
" or certificate not having the legal
form of such instruments would not
sustain a charge of uttering and pub
- n·:r ar·-l--- - P.- A h) ~tieUI
d bond or certificate. It is not the com
d missioners returns which are to be
signed by them alone and to be certi
3 fled by no one, that the prisoner was
e tried for uttering as true the instro
te ment which he was charged with ut.
e tering as forged in the information as
first drawn, but the state amended by
striking out the description of that
. instrument and inserting in its stead
the consolidated statement of the su
pervisor which is required to be made
i by that offcer and to be certified by
d the clerk of the court. The amend
r went of tihe information in the pres
. ent case is of itself an example of an
g attempt to conform to the rule we
D have been elucidating and forcing.
. When the document thus made was
offered in evidence it turned out it
had not the clerk's certificate'and thus
lacked one of time insignia required by
b the state and it does not matter whe
;, ther the document as thtus offered was
d or was not a public record."
e The opinion of the court was unan
Imous.
n Disgraced.
It is in this style that our Demo
B cratic contemporaries North speak of
us. The Post, an able and vigorous '
" Democratic journal of Washington, I
D. C., gives us this bint of our dis
grace:
* It would not seem worth while to
discuss the rumor of an intention on
the part of the Louisiana Legislature
to annoy Mr. Kellogg as to his tenure
of a seat in the Senate. After that I
rescue of the felon Anderson by the i
Supreme Court of Louisiana, we don't a
see any good reason why Kellogg I
should not contione to represent that I
State in the Senate of the United
States.
iil
Serere. Is it Just. o
[Washington Post, Dem.] n
The law of Louisiana seem to be-in 5
fact there doesn't seem to be any to *
to speak of. Are we to understand
that when a Louisiana gentleman V
forge. a note or a draft and fails to a
get it discounted he has committed no
crime; or when a Louisiana gentleman a
commits perjury and the verdict of a iU
jury is not influenced by his perjured tes
timonv his offence fails I We tcan't for
the life of us make anything else out of
the singular decission of the Supreme a
court of that State in the Anderson case. p
C
Even in these dull times the VINDI- a
CAToa continues to grow in circula- d
tion, weekly. Our plain bloat manner it
in dealing with subjects generally 0
makes ai few mad, but the people for it
whom we write and work, are the bl
more pleased.
p1
This calling Anderson a "forger," n
and Hayes a "fraud" has to stop now.
"Our" Supreme Court has said so. C4
The Washington Pout says that J.
Madison Wells' proposed invasion of
the cane brake hia been postponed
Indeb~ately.
For the Relief of the Country.
The following is the text of Alex.
SStephens' Bill to facilitate specie
r- payments without injuriously nafect
in ing commerce and the indebtedness
a of the people :
U- Be it enacted. etc., That the secre
Stary of the treasury is hereby direct
' ed and required to raise, to keep and
d maintain the amount of coin and hul
i lion in the treasury at or above $100,
'r-' 000,000, and w'hen it exceeds that
ic amount lie shall redeem the present
e, outstanding United States legal ten
us der notes when presented in sums of
$' $1,000 and upwards in coin of full
n- legal standard, but when the metal
in in the treasury sinks below $50,000,
of 000, such redemption shall cease and
at shall exchange the present issue of
per centurn bonds at par for such
Snotes as may be presented until the
metal in the treasury rises to over
Sone hundred millions, when he shall
o resume redemption in coin, and thus
r- continue to redeem in coin or bonds
b as the state of the metal fund in the
a- treasury may require unider the act.
`t The secretary of the treasury shall
cli also change the plates for printing
as U. S. legal tender notes, so that they
,te shaill hear simply the inscription that
'r- they are exchangable with bonds, as
id hereinafter provided at the option of
d' the holder and receivable for all pub.
f lic andl private dues, together with
the signs, words and figures desig
Snating the wvalue they represent, and
on and after the first day of July,
e- 1875, the issue from the new plates
s shall be substituted for all the old Is
sue in the hands of the government
and for all that may conme into the
- treasury, and shall be exchanged for
aall notes presented at the treasury;
of and to aid in maintaining the ex
of changable value of the U. S. notes
1e and coins, the secretary of the treas
ury is directed and required to pre
pare a series of coupon 3 per cent.
is thiee-twenty bonds to be known as
home saving bonds in denominiations
of $20, $50, $100 and $1,000, which
shall at all times be kept by all
mauthorized agents of the United States
n for the sale of any other bonds of the
agovernment, and exchangeable at par
with any new treasury notes or cer
tificates of value, legal standard coin
eor any gold or silver coin on which
te may be stamped their value in stand
te ardcoin. These bonds shall be paid
upon demand in any new United
States notes or certificates of value at
n any and all times. The interest shall
ie be paid semi-annually to the princi
t pal at maturity of the last coullpon on
t the same, but if the bonds be called
d for payment by the treasury before
d maturity, the principal shall be paid
in coin. All excess of monies in the
)t treasury over $100,000,000 and $25,
000,000 of United States notes shall be
used.
,d RoADs.-Our exchanges are discus
L5
h, sing public roads-their construction
1; and repair-and we see no reason
g why the VINDICATOR should not join
Sin, for if there be miserable roads we
i, have them here, In our opinion, we
e fail to have good roads simply be
cause we are endeavoring to apply an
obsolete system in constructing and
,a repairing them. We refer to the pres.
I- ent road laws of Louisiana. In the
d days of slavery this 53 stem did well
, enough, and the large slave owner
,- marched out their forces and kent on.
, the roads with but little trouble. Now
'" things have changed, and unless the
- lever of the Grand Jury is applied our
*s roads go unworked and even then
I- they are a shame and reproach to the
; parish. We must have one of two
5
, things applied to secure good roads,
it and. until either of them are this
d grumble and complaint will contioue
" and bad roads will be the rule. We
· must have a road tax or there must be
r. a fine imposed for refusal to labor on
I- the public roads, which the hands
n must be forced to pay or work out.
Late elections in the West show
t large Democratic gains, which does
s not, however, indicate party drift to
V any exsent for the reason that local
causes entered largely into the can
vasses and the elections have been
- either municipal or county.
Prominent State officers whom it
has been our duty to excoriate, en
- quire of friends "it the VINDICATOR
f represents popular sentiment here I"
s The answer has not been satisfactory
, to "prominent State odicials."
Not So Wise.
(N. Y. Sun.]
What is styled a private execution
of a death sentence in Mauch Chunk
is described in another column as
having been done in the presence of
hundreds of swearing and threatning
spectators. If we mast hang men,
why should the hanging scene be
revolting ?
Simply for the reason that hanging,
as all other modes of punishment, is
intended as an e&ample, not a revenge
of society upon the wretch who com
mits the crime. It was instituted to
ahow other evil inclined people what
society had in store for those who
violated its laws. The "ewearing
and threatening spectatore" only
shows the need of more public hang- l
ing in the vicinity of Mauch Chunk.
In the matter of the application for i
a rehearing in the Anderson case as f
published elsewhere, the Sopreme r
Court assumes, to us, a petulent tone I
and style, not in keeping with the I
dignity of their position or the gray- a
ity of the case. Attorney General 0
Ogden's position and argurment was,
it seems, rather more than the court Ii
bargained for, and his cogent reasons d
were swept aside by even more flimmey I
pretexts than those used in deciding I
upon the merits of the case.
Cotton feceipts&-- t
Received previously, 5,997 bales. p
" during the week 38 " a
Total 6000,35 b
Latest News.
Phliiladelphia had a ,miillion dollar fire
e on 25th of March.
Thl'le British training ship Eurydie
Scapsized in a sqnuall off the Isle of Wight,
Great Britain. a d over 300 lives were
lost.
J. M. Swatfz is the latest reported
failure in New Orleans.
1 The indications point to Packaid for
- the Collectorship wiIth alnost a certain
- ty of ctnfirmnation. It is slated that the
t President has made up his mind to send
t in Pal'ekard's name.
The hard contest lover the tobacco tax
f was settled in ftvor ot the reduction to
II sixteen cents per po nd.
i The Attorney (Generaltiuas before him
Sa knotty quesl onll rtierrtedl by thie Post
SOtffice Department, involving the con
struction of sections :3.94, :1329 and 4041
Sof the Rlevisedl Statutes, referring to the
transaction of imail nmatter relating to
e lotteJies thlrough the United States uimail.
r The question is bleing considered with
I special rleflrence to the Louisiana State
s Lottery, an et1'rt having been made by a
s8 pronminent attorney of that State to pro
e cure adverse action by the United States
Government.
I It seems beyond doubt that the United
SStates Government has determined upon
Fthe recognit'ru of the Diaz Goverunenit.
t Thie sntTerings caused by the indiscrimn
inate seizures of logs in Calcasieu parish
have long since been set forth. It is as.
serted that timbers cut from niot only pri
vate bulnt State lands had been seized.
b This view of the case Ihas been p)resentedl
to Gov. Nicholls, and determined him to
d make a visit to the parish-the purpose
, being to ascertain to what extent State
9 lands has been invaded.
t Throughout the Commonwealth.
e We learn that a child of T. B. Neal of
r Conshatta, La., died onil the Maria Lousse
Sunday, just after the boat landed here.
- The child was taken with congestive
s chill and the boat landed to enable the
- parent- to get a doctor. Doctor Dupree
wascalled but before he arrived at. the
laniding tihe chilld died.-Baton RoueC Ad
rocarte.
s Dr. J. D. lHamunonds. a member of th6
Ii Legislature front Morehouse parish has
I thie following to say about the Legisla
tore
Thie first thing done by the Legislature
aLftel' assembling. was to cotnv.rt itself in
r to a constitutional convention, and sonime
twenty amenduments were framed for
Sadoption by the people-on thie principle
i of economy. It took about one imouth of
- valuable time to have a few Republican
I amendments passed on the principle of
1 economy. It has ignored the wishes of the
t people and refiused to call a convention
I for the purpose of framinig a new consti
tution for the State-on the principle of
econoty On the principle of economy,
all contested election cases were ldecided
I at thie close of the reguiar session, and
b both contestants, of course had to be paid
I for the whole session. On the principle
e of economy, all those who were appoint
Sed on standing committees, at the close
of the session in 1877, were allowed two
thousand dollars each, and this too, when
there was an understanding at the time
of appointment that they were not to be
paid anything. On the principle of eco
r nomy, the bill to repeal the charter of the
Lottery Company was defeated. And
last on the principle of economy, it has
I become necessary to sit titteeen dlays in
B extra session to pass the necessary acts
demanded for running the State govern
ment. Now all these tlhings have been
. done in behalf of retrenchment and re
form.-Er.
A difficulty occurred at J. C. Drew's
1saloon in Hoier ol n Monday 25th in
* which two parties were wounided and one
killed. Henry Hecker, a Germian car
I penter was killed by A. C. Jones. He
received three wounds The cause of
r the difliculty seems to have been a bill
which HIecker owved Jones. After teteker
N mu .iones tired several shots into a party
r in the back part of the loom playing
9 cards. One of these shots wounded Geo.
Gill. Jones was shots through the shoul
r der and once through the arm. Thme fol
lowing seem to be the truth as near as
we can get: Jones and Ilecker were left
alone in the bar-room while thle clerk,
went into the )illiard room with drinks
for the party playing cards. He had just
reached the card table when a shot was
heard. He dropped the glasses, turned
to cross into the bar-room and saw Hecker
come runni tg tthrough the (dor between
bar-room and billiard room, Joues fol
3 lowing him. Becker ran partly across
the soom and fell. Jones then turned
and fired tour or five shots into time card
party.-Clniborne Guardian.
Our school system ought to be decen
tralized. A central junta in new Orleans
ought not to control the appointment of
the directors and through them the
teachers of every remote parish. The
only thing comparabbe to it is Louis Na
poleon s centralized imperial system. The
people of each school district ought to
levy their own school taxes, as is done in
free states, andl there might be one ex
perienced educator or local superinten
lenttin each parish. The people onght
also to decide what text book shall be
placed in the hands of their children.
Sugar Planter.
In Peru, South America, rain is
unknowo. The coast of Peru is
within tihe region of perpetual south
east trade winds, and though tlhe Pe
ruvian shores are on the verge of the
great southeast boiler, yet it never
rains there.-Coushatta Citizen March
23.
Friend J. P. C., you are either on
the wrong side of the map of South
America; or else, in your school-boy
days, it was your misfortune to study
your fgeography with your face to
ward the South. The Peruvian
shores happen to be on the Pacifc,
my boy. So you see, nature is still
law-abiding. Being on the Pacific
coast, Peru is not exposed to tihe in
fluence of tie southeast trade winds,
and will leave to thirst for rain until
Doomsday, as she has since the flood.
Senator White in his speech shows
a large reduction in expences of De
mocratic mllanrgememD as compared ,
with the Republicans. But all this
is "miserable reparation of mnagni- I
ficent ruin." How much better, more
united and stronger would the party
have been had Mr. White brought his
ponderous power to bear in favor of
a Constitutional convention instead
of wasting it in "cheese paring." 1
We comlmend White, Eeq., now 1
happily returned to oblivion (be
don't bold over) for what he has done,
but the balance is fearfully against
him and his class. I
Democratic clans are bumishing up
their weapons in this parish, and tile
preparations for the coming battle
seems active. Our committee meets R
20th inst., and we hope every mem
ber will attend.
NE\' ADVE RTI lEM ENTS.
VEGETINE
FOR
('!tills, tihikes,
IF I . Ii > AND A: 11 1l.
IT lionl, N. C' I 199
D r.It I:I .D.1 SteveIlIs:
Iftu Sir.-1 let' i verv gleatilii fort what toer
vain ablo. 'tlt iine, t 'el ti ll ' h is toue in my
i:. ilyi. I wiIt to expreit Iiji-j tit nks by ini
thtru lll'gt I Ie f thlt- n4 g i i l i 81 t Ia''li" 111\ "11
l' so.itoi t vil. t knowl thai \l' tintiii is tiit 1til,
nlidicine l'V eve ,.1, 1or t'lub. Shakes., Fevrt
tanstAgne. Nalk s witl s it k tt ith . di'su i il
tIr3 which left h'timi tit lii hain I l ll upi.t i
son' sultnrtd lik moat deal li painall it Ill tire:
the pg'in was sti coal iit s 1 nothink but is.
e doctos did nt'tfll, hS. J. ar. ticlOYI),
1' ioiEt11 .-111 lift his uli t lon f l i theill' i lito e leso1
niiot i n11\'1 \ cithou t o nlf tchi- . I le fll ur \i1,' l ir
et'crtis mnt'. iw nti the 1l.11t11 ill,' i " tii ditorl
that egtointa, tetltl a treta tiiN, (itl iLritr t and
llood Fond. It tiie wil hot, otl which as a
VEGETI;NE
DISPEPSIA, NER~VOUSNESS1
re Andit. e kept ne ith the medicine, Deblity.
radnally gaining. lie ha; takien eigiut-tn It ,1
gRs in all, and he is tto mplt, ss.,st to
twenty entears of igned,. I havei nsed Vgerti, sn
trioultee whIt lttfirs oa, wit kis st. )jet pet hia.
WretnVlt-vetr he ftels one r on litil o', B he 1.orines i.
nieleiri putl tiig ltl~l~cI' i'. ht i tl~·1:1e
MI-iS L. F. PEHIiKIS.
JU)SEPHUCS SLATE1
takenT dstP of etin and t hat ilt ris ter-c last of
thpose hill. velotine laves nrot. htil ieIt.1. Iupon
thei ster liket snt to ttkf he ut cilit lik recs
meniled for ('hills. I cheerfully recenaniend
1","gtine foranch comnplaintls 1 think it is the
greatest mecdicine iin the world.
Re~spectfull y, Mils. J. 11. LLOYD,
VEGETIN.-hnthood e ifles
NERVOUS HEADACHE
a nd stagntd Reither frum change of weather orts .
('t~ct\\ATI, 0. Apttl 9, 1s77.
lt climate. want of exerist, irregular diet, or
1)er Sir.-I other tse use'l Vo r 1'egtine will renew'
othe i lalao'd, atrt o lthe t!r thteitrt tist11 atis
thae stomach, tregulatet' trhe onwels,at aid rt ink
gietlt ttlasn'e II. inl re'(ctimienllC'its~ it to all wliti
itin" 1w( liI kewise ntiictetl.
11-ED. A GOI)D.
n;Tune aof igo to the whole oals to hdy.
wh~o hlad been long atid Ilatitful snttf'ret's.
VEGETINE
FOR
DISPEPSIA, NERVOUSNESS,
AnDruggists' Testinonlity.
BrRN.lSTON, MAss1, 1te78.
Wear Sithundersigned, hat seing usedour regtinedv
the Vegetitie. for· about three yeiiis, atid take
take pleasure in reommenudirnd it t or to all thoser.
troubled with Hutuntos of any kind. Dyspepsia.
\trvousuras. ur Gt'n1"al Deblility, it beinv till
Great Blood Purier.stal lt blood Iy rifi L. woll d
racah th~e etise, has it ever failed~ to effi~ct a ciner
ticrl lr· krlorlllldgit. It ceatatnlly is thle ne tl~ltta
ultrans who sell re of it than all other potter.
mediie pu tspectigetller.
E. RS. SLEPIED O.. DrgPEKItS.
MlIN. If. W. S(OT
JOSEPt eS SLATE
Y'EiGETINP is the great health restorer-Coln.
posed exclusively ll clase o l ots, and herbs. It
is ver pleasant to take; every chiriab lood illit in thes
VECETINEE
FO I
NERVOUS HEADACHE
'E'AAnd Rheumatism. Y
(IxorNNATI, 0., A pril 9, 1ti77.
H. R. Stevens, EEs:- BOST, SS.
Dear Sir-I have useold you All Drgetie for Nets.
vous Hetadache, and also for Hiteninatismt, and
have found entire relief from both. and take
great. pleasure in reconsuending it to all Will
may be likewise afflicted.
FRED. A.GOO)D.
Iut) !till St., Cinn.
VFrIETi\E has restored thousands to healthi
who had been long and painful sufferers.
VE GE TINE
Druggists' Testinony.
Mr. II. R. Stevens :
Dear Sir,---Wet have been selling your remedyva
the Vegetine, for about three yeats, and take
pleasure in recommending it to' our customers.
and in no instance where a blood purifier would
reach the case, has it ever failed to effect a cu't',
tt our know'Plege. It containly is the ne plus
ultra of renovators.
Respectfull]y,
E. Ml. SHEPHERD & CO.. Druggists,
Mft. Vernon; Ill.
Is acknowledged by all classes of people to he
the best and most, reliable blood pur'ifer in the
world.
VECETINE.
PREPARED BY
Important Notice.
T EIIRE will he a meeting of the Parish
I Central Coumnittee of the Democrat
ic party of this parish ron SATURDAY,
April 20)th. inst. A full attendancre is de
hsired as maItters (of importance will be
colnsidered. M. J. CUNNINGHAM,
April 6.3t Chairman C'ommniittee.
TAX NOTICE.
STATE TAX Col.I.ECT(ORiS OFFICE,
I Natchitoches, March 28th, 1?78.
THI E public are hereby notified that I
am now prepared to collect State and
I Parish Taxes and Licenses now due.
L. N. LANE.
March 30-tf State Tax Collector.
E. BAKER,
No 7 Cwup Street, New Orleans.
FRESIH, PURE AND RELIABLE Gar
F den and Flower seedtls sent by mail to
any address, postage paid.
Also a full stock ornamental trees,
plants and roses.
All Stock strictly First-clans.
W' Everything for the Garden. 't
April 6-lim.
NOTICE.
ALL persons owing City Licenses are
notified that unless said Licenses are
paid before the $th day of April, I will
proceedl against themi according to law.
LEON URENEAUX,
City Collector. City of Natchitoches.
Collector's Otice, March 30, 1878. 2t
ESTRAY NOTICE.
ESTRAYED before W. B. Carr, J. P.,
Ward 9, on the 28th of March 1878, One
Yellow Cow, branded 0.0. on left hip, S
on right hip, upper half crop in right ear,
under bit in left ear. With two calves,
no mark or brand.
The owner is notified to come forward,
prove property and pay costs, within 90
days. J. ALPH. PRUDILOMME,
April 6-2t Bermuda P. O.
LOST.
SOMEWHERE on Front street in this
town, or between town and the resi
dence of Daniel Sparks, 18 miles south of
Natchitoches, an old Leather Pocket
Book, containing a considerable sum of
money.
The finder will be liberally rewarded
by leaving it at this office, or returning
it to Mr. Daniel Sparks. April 6-1m.
H. REYM ANN,
APOTHECARY & DRUGGIST.
MUDaICZ'E0,'
-DEALER IN
CfHEMICALS,
IPERFUMERY,
Fancy Articles &c.,
FRONT STREET,
Natchitoches, La.
V' PerseriptionA carefully prepared
at all hours.
TERMS MODURATR.
A. G. hlAI.." ;i M i
IZ.A L. ido flhJGLaI
I Q U 0 1 1IllFllJH:\NTS,
and dealeI'.. inl
IMPJRTED AND DO~ESTIC CIGARS
`: o -. Lt1\ IL' l:1I. P 'I
ý II;; :\ I.IFt t1 I', I.;\
:iO. 10 WASHI~N(.'IN S;W'FlE',
.11ar13 Jt- ý
JOlIN 31. TUCKERI,
S1. JIcu is St'rcet, : : i\ c1 l lritoevs, L'.
1PROMi I ttention gi veI {o all blNil(s
,"..( 'luiwi iaulit-tvul at ,tmnt11 c"ot.
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
CONSTABLE'S SALE.
Reuben lnraxton vs. Nicholas MoIinan, .Jr.
Ninth Justice Court, Parish of Natchlit(o
ches. No. 44.
,. 13'Y yine of a writ of Fi. lai. to me 1
11directed by the lion. W. B. Carr,
Ninth Justice of the Pence, in and fhi
Stihe parish of Natchlitochels, I will pro
ceed to s"l ait public oiutcry, at the plan
tation of Widow St. Ann 1'rdhouniine, on
Saturday, April 13tk, 1h7S,
It iat twelve o'clocik i.,
I1 Bay Stallion, lbranded VS.
Also 11 hIts of cornii, moItre or less. seiz
ed ill the albove entitled and IIiinuIIIIered
suit.
Terms of Sale.
Cash, with benefit of appraiseentnt
The puirchaser paying out of the am oint
of his hilo the charges for advertising,
commiissionl, tax on suit, andl Constable's
costs.
P'' I'. LEONCE PIDIIO31ME.
Il March 30-tlds. Special Coinstable.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
. Caspari & Dietrich vs. John .1. A. Martin
D)istrict Court, No 8169.
B Y virtue of a writ of Fi. Fa. issued
in the above entitled and numbered
suit, and to nie directed, I have seized
and will otter for sale to the last and
highest bidder, at the door of the Court
houuse in the city and parish of Natchito
C hes, on
s Saturday, thie tlt day of April, 1878,
the following described property to-wit
All of the land acquired by John. J. A.
Martin from his father, Joseph Martin,
Iby Ilast Will and Testament, laying on
ie the Southl sile of Bayou St. John, con
taining 160 acres, miore or less.
Also the north west quarter of north
east quarter of north west quarter, sec
tion 4, township 8, range 8. contaiuns Si
91-100 acres.
South east quarter of north east quar
ter, section 4, township 8, range 9, con
taiing 40 96-100 acres.
North west quarter of south east quar
ter, section 4, township 8, range 8, con
tauins JO 96 100 acres.
South west quarter of south east quar
ter, section 33, township 9, range 8, con
Ii taining in tihe aggregate 24144 -100 acres.
Also north west quarter of notthl cast
quarter of section 15, t,''rlhii T. r7n."ý
e Also the whole of south west quarter
of south east quarter, section 4, town
ship 8, range 8, containing 40 96 100
acres.
Also north east quarter of south west
quarter, section 4, township 8, range 8,
containing 40 acres.
North east quarter of north west quar
ter rInd north west quarter of north
west quarter of section 19, township 8,
Tango 8, containiniRg 79 53-100) acres, to
gether with all the buildings and ium
provemuents thereon.
Also 250 bushells of corn, more or less.
I Black Stallion.
1 Black Mule.
1 Roan Horse.
26 head of Hlots, muore or less.
57 head of Cattle nmore or less.
1 Steam Saw Mill, Engine, Boiler and
fixtures.
3000 feet of lumber, more ir less.
Terms of Sale :
Cash-with the benefit of appraisement
D. H. IIOULLT, .IJ..
March 2.-tds. Sheriff.
Constable Sale.
V. A. Barron vs. Riehard Williams and -
James Blakely. (
Fourth Justice's Court, Parish of Nat- I
chitoclies-No. 36.
Y VIRTUE of a writ of Fieri Facias
issiued in the above emititled and num
tered stit, and to m1 direcuted, I have
seized and will ofter for sale to the Ilnst
and Irhighest bidder, at the otlice of the
Fourth Justice of the Peace in the town
of Campte, on
Saturdaij the 6th daij of April, 1878,
the following (lescriied property seizedI
a11 the property of the defenlant Jamens
Blakely, to-wit:
A certain tract or parcel of land situ
ated in the Parish of Natchitoches on o
the Coulee d'Eau FraIche, being the east A.
haIilf of sou It west quiitrter, section 8,
township II, of range 7; cotitainitig 7a
67-100 acres, and known at the I)avion
traet, with all the buildings and ito
provements thereto belooging. 1
Terms of Sale-Cash, with the benefit
of appraisement.
JOHN CAT'CIILEN,
Constable Warl F'our. I)
March 2-tds.
Sheriff's Sale. P
State ofLa., vs. Valsin Monette, et al.
No. 1131;.
BY VIRTUE of a writ of Fi. Pa. issued
in the above entitlu-it anl unmbinhereil
suit and to me directed I havo seized -
and i will offer for sale tui tle Jlast atlln
highest bidder, at the (loor of the Cuourt
House i0 the city arid parish of Natchi
toclhes, on r
Saturmday the 6th. day of April, 1878
the following described property, to-wit : 8
A certain tract or parcel of lan0( situ- tI
ated in the Parish of NatchitochIes, bound w
ed north by Bayou Natchez, east & south al
by Bnyou Natchez and Edile Sonipay- gi
rac, and west lby Old River; said tract
containing one hundred acres, more or
less, together with all the buildings and -
improvemeuts thereon. '
Terms of Sale :
Cash, with the benefit of a praisement. (
D. H. BOULLT, JR., al
March2-tds. Sheriff,
Sheriffs Sale.
Caspari & Deitrich vs. N. F. Darnell.
Parish Courllt-No. I ,2.
S ) V IRTEI'I of a writ 4t sfizure ad
L)e s1 in t he abiov cnt it led ard nu
.niitt i ni to ire directed, I have
s tiz d a d «ill o ti r fo r s a le to t rheah e o f
mtu hih hIleril'.Nt thili at iiie d to o
Natelitflv i hi s fl ( / p of
Iii Sl!itryVili, tt/, slar y f it y il, 1S8ta d
the foil iwit pi'o irty, to-wit l
Lot Noas. 21:, ,iit t
iN S.P lil . niia the Ciity ofe itda
eh s. with all the hnii lirgrl anid e ipr
I nt 1,herin, i eik lit l ' Il , is oet
Y~ t he dl ti fu it N. I .i f rL'I'nJt.
t'urlinrationt of .1itchitoclts rnt the
rill theri f
ELE('rl~N NWFI()SS 'Et.E
11:1v of leiith 1. 1-, I t 5
.1 ei. lit No. 12t 5 arVthe i'Ctni p riA
sbex th saini Isnirl".'irrd eefell a
iN. . Darnell'. fral IElisi' th 1)e'n ý a
trill all t in- buiblir,1 cur impro enete
ther eon:
waisi, with the i ent lit of appraiseroenth
1). 1I. ligtaLLTuJi i
Or11 aor"_' pril t1, Sheri,
ELECNTION NOTICE.
it n w i tri l iniis wr itht leti in 4. -
extral 5r"ion ~ Gnt-ral _1"enthly.,1)S -
heritci t istilI' the t lalitie lct heoin St
iiWard l ive'ofils Iii ' aitris , o thiat an elr .
i i 'I'n ir ' slli iie iur . lntu isher of tC r
I :I:'LIl ('lnR( l ,
On Mlonday, A1pril )+th, 187S,
at which Iplatce :tliul t inclr, all dualifiedl torº
t iri tersi , re 's'ti 'ts ,I'is of \ld l it'.; are a.
its'iis to repair tit ' the oajiet herein set
The }Buntoer) Poltlel ,Jry of this Par.
ost tls hav e m i lit' li sstituted and appoint.
I., 'jilth thillwingforni~n1isinnuers 11111 lerk
,1A. of s aid election. iiian l ta a m n with law,
and they are reduirre I to to alify andat"
al on the (Iii ' and date abov)re m fentioned
l'u'nar SMuPI ll f l Ce . "C'olumrisionerS
A. A. Wultrn.rac 1.
'1. L. 11.ºrill,-C'l rk.
W' 1. PAYNE.
d (Otlicial:) Pre-idelr t 'iir liie Jury.
J. 11. lCoStsur ei:.
C'lel i.
t .IERIFF'S SALE.
t Joseph S. Stephn.s vs. Saii i Parson.
Diistrict Cour t, I 'arisiI it Natcritoereo.
NI. 8l t1.
I) Y virtue of a writ of 'li. Fia. issured in
) the a lbove ntit tliind numbered
sit ari il to dire iicted. I have seized as
- tihe pr 'toperty of dstialtit andi will offer
fori sale to the list anti highest bidder at
the door of' the 'olrt house in the city
nand parishr of Natchitoches, oni
Saturday, 'fthlr slojy of ipril, laic,
d the following slescrihel PrIoperty, to-wit:
i A certain lot or parcel of ground on the
d east, side of Washinigton Street, in the
d city of Natchitoches, having a front on
't sit street of one hndrlr'etl andI eighty
- feet, Isore or less, and runnintrg back for
depthI one lhunrl ed feet, more or less, to
Red River. lBorndedIl on the north by
Sproperty fo tnierly belongingrr to Gernoe &
i 'svens, on the south by property of C.
L. Warlsley. cast bsy the lRed River, ansd
oIn the west biy said Washington street,
' tiogether with all the builings arnd in
ol''lfements thIereon, ani being the same
lot oin which thie said Sarmuel Parson
has his residence, acsuired from Jamnes
Srells. on thie 2d day of May, 1857, as
per Noitarial Act of sale duly recorded in
the Recorder's office of the parish of
Na te1itoeihes.
- Also a certain lot sif ground sitnated in
tire city ansi parisis sit' Natciritiseh's on
the west side (if Washisrgtsrr street, hay
rig a fr'ssn (it oone Inrsreu ans nineteen
eet, illmotr or less, on srii street, and
-rllrlntIg bstck for depth sure hsndrrreslant
eigrts'et feet, rmore os less, sarallhLet.
Bonlried on tire rortlr, south arnd w
by lots of tire sail Samno el Paressni, and
Cc:llt<i)) htii si :du trst, d Ieigri
irs sirr:ue lit sri grisiarsi iurr'hiasesi and
raesliired by tire saris Sarurnl Parson
-from Mr's. Ashlirne Canrplieli, by public
SAct sif sale hlrefs' A. E. Lelrre, Notaty
Purblic, orr the 1SthI day~ of Feisruary,
1872, togs'tirer' withr all tire buiildings
ard iflpiero errtts tirereori.
Ter,'oss of Stlde.
C(AShi-wsvitir tire benfitit of appraise'
miert.
I). 1. IIOULLT,
March I16.-tds. Sheriff.
S heriff's Sale.
State oif Lii., vs. Jack Edwarsis, et ni.
District Couirt-No. 1210.
B Y ViRTIE of twso writs of i' Fa,
issued iin tire alissxe i'ititle'd nail
irnumss'resi snits arid to rrrs siirected, I
have suized rrd wiil otb'r for sale to the
last arid irighrest lisisler', nit tire door of
tire Courrt lisisise, in tire city 31nd parish
sit Nateiritoherss, isr
&sihurt by, athc 6th dayl of A.pril, 1i78,
the foellowing describesi property, to-wit:
A certain tract st sarel f larild situ
atest ill tille hof Nrrtciritochres, and
being hll that, portion of' tire soirtir west
irrrter of si' sc''tisr 7. tswnshi il o1, range
7, lal irrg tirl siut' Iof liayso lun rtseu, an, id
s'sntairirrg onrs hlunrri s nne'r'es, osre or
l'ss, togthrer itIs al tire uislirgs ars1
irsprosv'nerents tlrer'eusr.
Terms of Sale:
Casir, 'S'withr tire nelit ofrsppsraieement.
D,. II. BUOCLLT, Jn.,
Marc! 2-ttsl. Sherit.
SUCCESSION SALE.
55(cCcr.sionl of &9'licn Deslouc/u'a'.
B y 'irtiuo of an sr ser of tihe Pi A risih
Court ill ansrd fsr' t(iris parish, there
will e oflers'd for sale at prrluiic urnrctior
sS'Ottudae,, thre 20th day of J))iil, 1$78,
at thre rlte resiircs o' tire s'('., hr tins
towrr, tire lii ow irg describeri property
to-'s'it:*
fles, JBsist eas, u% i., Il rd tire fdlwisnirg
lot rif gr'snrnrs si trats's inl thlr city aird
istsr'iirlsio Natciritiseies. orr Texas Street,
essitasi rinrg (sie squrarter' of air rrpenrt,
Irore or less, ansi bei rg tire samre ascjrrired
by tire ulee's., irotm Jisihr S. Cisilier', by
n't ud sale slated 1'tr if Msy. 1i53.
lsrnseu rortrh '1 'xas street, east by
prsoper'ty sit L. tasisari, sissth by lot of
JonGenoc, ansr( west by 'aearrt list.
Ter'ms of Sale.
CASI-w ith ir lierit of appraisenrent.
I). 1. BOUILLT, Jha.,
Marrclh ic.-tdq. Sheriff.
NOTICE.
Sueccssiona 0' Thosas Jiasc'o.
rj ELlA ST. ANDlIE iravinig tiade tip'
1.1 pltictionl ts lie trjjoiirtesl Asminriri
iat 'trx (if tire Sirs'essissr of 'Thorrai
Hslco's'seased, nottice is hers'by given
tss ali pes'lsons corrsernis's ti sirow crau5e
withirir ts'n dtivs t'r'sr this date, whry the
applicatissi sit isetitionrisl shriulsi nit be
grar! t'd.
1'. A. SIM1MONS,
M~saicrc 23.- 2t . iPar'isi hrdngs.
FOR SALE.
O NE Second handl Ruggles Joblber, in
good condition. For Terms and price
apply to 'E. C. PALMER. & CO
Fo`", 2tt New Ot.aus. La