may topittc' 1tntldcator, ý ý\
iuI --4 + -
,j4vertstli dg Hates. .,-..-5" LJVI4II4LI.141 I
z eud ,ttyreis,,, In Fi ld I 5i)3I
I~ vl I (j II I j Vu 2 35 os p ne01 1)UI r 35 II. - -__ _ __ _ _ _ _ _.M .. _ -_ - - -u~ ~ e E-r
5eg W014... IU.)l I,)lU I I1U! 15 n r i r, H E
vON II I, u25I 35(' ' "hibe EvlS A'TiI' I)\' Illilii~
I I" 2'J 001 :i; 00/ 35 oo(~ ________~cltl~ a~:l~
H PE. ,..,.OPLE IS THE SUPREME LAW .ub r
!2- .'R·~ , ,!''''' I IIII( I,~ I.:. Official Organ o1' tie Wl~hite Citizens of Red River, Sarbine, W~in~ and Nrlatchitoches Parishes, ' PBrll~lf~r~lI' I- ~:
ttlntr3rt~. 53.;"' ?i*O ýgnbscriu putoVi tli, ft1-] 1 (
IOjli e' $reue'r, Urwt Ilarti~n ius11;lli '' T IýI NATCH[TOCIIES, LA., JUNE 29), 1878. NO.41
7 enC pci ertirsq7.i .nnte iv. J(IU n"
- I .. . " ... r m- .. -.nt... I .*.IA Inn, Anr U3mn.  .PI
Profiessional Cards.
J. CJ .'4'·rz '.T U If * 7
ATTI'ORSEY .1AT2 L .1f.
St. Dellis Street, Natchitoclhes, La.
17ILL practice in the Courts of Natchitochea.
t Sabine . IteSt mod Relid River and in the
Suprelme Court ot'the Statsl.
Wim.. I. JROlL,
(SnccCXsor to .JAc:K & J'LaNON
Attornley attid C,,unsIYelor at LiI.
NAT'C'ITOC(lIs, IlA.
(L, ,practice in Ithei (unrts of t atrhttches.
1rt biitne, lodai~ta, .r Iited nvr, Winn, i.apides,
Gnrl iranlt. and inii S" Iprne it t'nt of the
stets. 1lai n+ prlomnptly attelndrd to.
Apftis 1';7t
Wirm MI. I.vy,
.1 fi'VO! '1Y Y1'T1 L.I It.
(Hia Ksanan""d t114 Pracatire of hie Prutfesionl.)
''I71LL practice It the Parish and District
l Courts of Nntchitvcht'c ani Rist :irir
Supreme" lilt of Loni-i mua. I'nited l;ates thi
tric;tni Cnre sit outrt of L.s'ti.iana ant U. S.
(ort of claims at Washinrtii.
y Office in the Licoste tliilblinrg ,I)p
Strirs.) -A
NATCIII'i'OCHlIl, IA.
slat 261, lbS5
SII. CUNNINGHAM.
ttOrfliy & (ouueUllor at ý iw,
St. Denis St.:eet.
N;1t 11itchi he1. : : : : 1,:i.
\IL7 ILL gi ii iiinitut and personal ntt
T1' t iu.(o i tonl biruasuitn,% eiutruted to
hiai Ct If'
Practices in the lDistrit and P rish
Courts ill the Parishes of Natciit utuhis,
Rut Uiner, D:Stn'itald AMthini, anl beutiire
the tInt ureune Court, at Monrote anti New
Orl-anus. ,1iii 5 7 1 l .
JOIu.r B. Itf)EfRTSO.VE,
(Late of New Orleans,)
ATTORNEY & COU 131E91R AT LAW
CIO UR S A 1 T.k.
REI RI VEl P.AIlSI;, LOUI$I VYA.
Will practice in C ounlhataI . Natclhito
chus, MI.itntielI. Laniiy,nuilu in verv pairt
of Northl-wesit L..taisianian S1c iaul nitteli
tion givenl to L:and c(iases nil Snitc'iiesusiti.
June 9th, I$71-tf.
C. CIAYPL . C. F. DIAVIUteT. T. P. C(tI.INS
yAPLIN, IDRANGUET & CHAPLIN'
Attorneys at Lawt,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
PRA(TICE in the District Courts of
Natchitoehis, Sabinue, DeSto atndt
Red River and in the Supreme Court ot
the State March z-ly.
D.I.'. C. SCAR hIOROGU,II
AT'ronNEY IN FACT.
W ILL practice in the District and
Parish Courts of Nautchitoches,
Winu. Saltine and Grant.
All busineAss intrusted to his care will
receive prlompt attention.
Office with W. II. Jack Enq., Second
Street, Corner Trudeaux, Nntehitnehes,
La. Dec. S-ly.
J . B. TUCKER,
Atlorne! and Counsellor at Liar.
OFFICE
&t. Denai. Street, - -Natchitocluchs, La.
W ILL practice in the District and Par
ish Courts of Natelhitoehuts, SMablUi
Dj~oto itadl RiIl River, trnul tlht SMpremne
Court or the State.
All business ent instoled to his care will
receive liromnpt atteittioii. Apr 13-ly
HENRY SAFFORD,
Attorney at Late.
NATCHlrodIOCE, LA.
C Olice aljourninrig that of Mr. JTack.
May 1$ 4nmo.
Business Cards.
J. O. Triohel,
--DEALER IN-
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD
WARE, OOTS andl SHOES, HATS.
ETC.
Highest caah price paid for Cotton and
Cooutry Produce.
WASHINGCTOS, ST.,
NAI'CHITOUCHIES. LA.
C. A. BULLARD N II.CAMIPBELL
Bullard & Camrphell
-usALuaR IN
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
HARDWARE,
ALd General Merchandise.
Corner FRONT & LArAYETTE Street,
SaXtchitoches, La.
Ex8>ipygUUcash price paid for cotton sad
...Wflty prodwuce in lel or merchanudis.
-ly.
C.t L ntAL KY* R. M, WALM1.RT
C. L. WALMSLEY & CO,
COTTON PA('TORS
-AND
SWlbbAL COMMitSsION NERCUANTS.
1'rlIdo St., New Orleaan, La.
IWO --1y
-dealer in
loinr kawi., r 1 fsW.I., e.
Miscellaneous.
sI the most genial hJalaIn va'e list 1l by
*iiferera front pul lor:ir' i tltvnte'.
It is enmpourd o? herb',,t pr 'lartts, r 1,1t1
have a pille el;c ct?'.'et on h.t hthroat and,1
ang ; cltetachei frOmr n the .it crells all ir
riitating matter; cw.the it to ha experto
rated ,and at once ch 'ed.·* the intlanrnt ton
which produiceS the coIngh. rA single doso
relieves the most distrl.'e;.tt tarioxycm,
soothes nrvounnens, unwl e:tmbt.s the cut'
ferer to enoy qudiet rest it night. Being a
pleasant cordial, it toZie4 the i uenk stout
ach, anit is specially rcomlltendelhtl for
children.
What owrs? scy about
Tutt's Expct orant.
Had Asthma Thirty Years,
B i rJMt er, FI'.tutY3IS .I
"T hive h1d \tit.na r u:tY Ctarcui Cez iouund
a iiedicine that had soh a I t . v r 3 1, "
W. F. (10GAIC, Chde!is St.
A Chilrl's Idea of reri,
"Tntt'sExpect r£ its .flan:I ir n in in nmy I
My wite tainks it the b"st or..e in the w"r I,
Af1d the chilIren . v it i< ' r t' in tiil
cu.dy.'" NOAH W)3D'.'. ?ID, 101 N. Poydra aI.
"Six, and all Croupy"
"I nn tthe totter of cixt c.!dr' t i2 " ti.om h
been cron;y. U ithout Tutt's E'.'xetrI't, I
t'iink they c oltI hate survived "n .1 tite att. ,..
It isa 1a tliher b :1' "."
MARY STEiVN'3, rar.:lfarl, t'
A Doctor's Advice.
1strmypractice, 1aIvin "alt fasiliestc t ''
rxpect.r.int, in suildekn e.ergeicise, bir ct I
croup, diphtheria, etc."
T. P. ELUIS, M.D., Newark, N.
Sold by all dlruggisvli. Prace $1.00. COlic.i
35 Murray street, N. ' Yo'urk.
"THE TREE IS KNOWN w v ITS FRUIT."
a Tutt'sPit .te wnrth thetrw f "i 'I
RSV. I. R. SIMPSON1 Louisville, Ky.
'Tutt's Tins rr-'s a i r b!-'n^e of the iirs
teerrnth century.--nfV. F. Rf)S.SOOD3, New York.
- I have unt I Tutt'inT,. for torptor of t'e liver.
They are stuptri r rto ay n:tirinCe for b.lia.) dis
orders (tir tr,'- .'
I. P. CARI, "Sor hw at Law, Autgusta, Os.
**I hwte used T" t'.10"1s e ar. in my f:ntily.
They treullcunews l"rctivenesenci b. Flu e "
F. R WILSOtN Georgstown, Texas.
"I have tieed Tutt'v IJdicmnewith Freat hent t!.'"
W. W. MANN, Editor Mooile Register.
"We slil fifty Imt , iLs Pi't; to fae ot all
othtrs."-8AYRE & CO. Cartersvillo, Ca.
"Tntt's Pills have ol y to he tri '1 to I t.ahiish
their nerits. Thb v work lik'e ntl' ."
W. H. BARRCN, 96 Summer st., Boston.
"There is no met!itine so well a I *ati t;. the cure
of bilious di or iees a TIut's Pi'."
JOS. BRUMMEL, Richmond, Virginia.
AND A TH I D MOR2.
Bold by drug7ist. 25. ents a her. Office
385 Murray Street, New Tork.
r TUTT'SHAIRDYE
ZNDORSED.
HIGH TESTIMONY.
S FROM TflE PRCIFlf .lOt R' IL.
'A CREA 1 VYEN t'6 N ro~t
has lhen lade In l rTT. 't York,
which re-torts cotinlf I beast ito lhe hair.
That eminentt chltiist hIs , cretted iti
produclng a Hair Oivo which imitates
nature to prrfectie'.* itt ha:chelors way
tnow joit...
Price in.r n ..+ 3:T Mlurray Sts
Ir Setn 4':. Mnid 'y u 11drugg Lte.
1) R
.1
A Iystery Solved.
The Greatest Medical Triumph of
.Vodern Timen! Thee ilyster'iouis
C'haunel (f Disease Discorered,
aud a Certain Cure Prot'i
led. The Stomach,
Lirer, (and(1 Bowels
the Ceitre of
I)iseage.
I.\l hI\'S JIi1I PILLS,
'The Great Anti. Billions Renwtd utnid
Miasunlutic Dissolvt.
PARSON'S
PUR(GATIVE PILLS
Are the restqlt of lonttgcontin: cal S1'ien
title iuvtntigttioti, and ar' WVairraitted to
cute all diseasUw ori±iinati'ig in tih
Stomaclh,, Livur, and flowebl No grilt
jug paiitinv follow ut tihe us of these Pills,
unlean tlhe HoBwels tare inflamed; but Ke
lief, Itnnted:iate Relief, tnaiy l'e relied
up)on. As a Coruman Family Physic
PARSO"'S
PURO 4 TIV E PILLS
Stand unequaled before the world to-cdiy.
By varying tihe Iloe nccording to direc
tions, Parsons' Purgtative Pills ethettally
Purify thu Blood and greatly ailleviatte,
if' Iot entirely curat Dysipuupsiu. Scroftla
d or King's Evil, Rose, Erysipltuis or St.
Anthony's Fi-rc, Eruptiona, cud Eruptive
Diseases of the Skit,, Salt Rhenm. Tet
ter, Ringworm, Sores, Boils, Tumors,
i Morbid SwellingS, Ulcerations, Pimples
and Blotches.
EVERY BOX WARRANTED.
Most Complete Satisfaction Guaranteed
or No nai.
Full directions around each box.
Physicians supplied by mail, post-paid,
for $ LO per thousand, in balk. cash in
advauce. We will send thee, Pills it
- any reliable druggist or merchant to sell
*n conomiaelen. Agents wanted every
where.
* S. JOHNSON & CO.,
111pS huBms, Pb)rieter.
It'
OIR CHIDHOOD.
BY GEofti1, P.1), tINiT2ICI..
'Tis sat). yet sweet, to libten to the . solift
WiL's genutle swell,
And think we heair the music on child
hood knew so well;
To gaze. ot1t o0l tI the even, anti the bound
lh.s ili-his of air.
And f-iel ag eit our bolilhood's wish to
ramn like angeils there.
There iare tin ny nitVitlt5s of gladneiess that
,"lin'g aronnai the Past,
iAndIl fei lte te tlomi of feeliing old tlhoughts
ritle thronging fast
(hi- fIi tits we loved see deafly in the hap
It} dtl tys 1)iw gone,
"Thie IibIuntiful and lovely, so fait to look
Those 1h ght nil gentle aitdens, who
seei t'i so formed for Wliks,
lo irlorious tci al too hea-venly for such it
world as this
Whose dar k, soft eves seemed switm
tiling 1Ii 7 s-a of lijittet light.
.\ nil Ihose locks f golt were streaming
n'et' brown, 4o sunny bright :
iWhose smiles were like the sunshine it)
tilet spring-t ie of the year
Sike thel ehaiiglit gleamtyl of April, tIny
tIllitw E very tetrnt
IThey have pa jis5ei -like lhopes-away,
'and their loveliness has tied
Ohit ! in a hearIIt is imot ting that they
sore wit I thll dentl.
Like the brightist buds of summer, they
hive fallen with the stem;
Yet, oh, it is a live-:ly death, to fade from
-aril' like then!
.Tnil yet the thought is saddening to ctuse
t-n such as thi},
nd ft-el that all diebeautiful are passing
That the atir tionels w hot we love grow
to tact loving breast
Like the tinltril otf the clinging vine,
ithen per ish where they rest.
nd we. (-:ti hut thinllk of these, in trhe
o ft attil ge-title Spring,
Sihen the trees are waving o'er os, and
lihe flowers itref tldissiint;llg
Atind we know that Winter's cotning with
his cold and stom'y sky,
Ill tha glortious heatty rtound is is htll
ding lent to tie!
The Class of Men Opposed to a Con
stitutionalI Convention.
N. O. Delta.
Comme nting yestetrday editotriall'
eponi the iiiti -contentionitist id their
olitiVet S, we citted sotlie etfts to stt'
tiht intitght lite, t I i-ieiHei n a vt-l WIP,
Sthoe of Seniator FaliUk P. Sttnhhss ofd
Onwlrhita, in plt'tening with the )felt
ple of t oatr patisdi teve I fe f herti per
petratioin of the aldicalt eonllatiflinl
of 18(18, (which hnas always been oh.t
itoleis to the whitioe peotl of Lou
iti;na) H ntt against a now one which
witetil represet t the principles IofII
giPeeenllent ttilecP Witht I ttey desire
to live and wtt hitch bttt! -cie adaptted
I., the on dition anifti cifflln8t iatPA,
Iifilificial, sociali anit) nistal if which
iIter are flow paiced. It was shown,
in the nticle rlie t-eed to, that Sen
It or St ihhs wits at id is A plit tcipil
pa irt t it ittl k andtt! aloiItable fraudl
uipon the State nod upon its people,
I'rom1 which lie had individually reap.
ed large profits ; Ithat he wans It pain
ipal partyili t it stcond frtitnd, egnitl
Iv iiinftltitls as tfi r sft, in obta iningii
tt uie- faIc )le-ttltC trie itutie nbsity tef
* 1,22,00) fitii a legiit-gisitite tltt a i ntliutly
Iatetl-h--stt c lhite- mtten -Ho te' rtniuers atd
straIgel tet ihie SturCe anditi! wtit
stake thIertiin-ant! eqttally chtaiatter
less itegriets, Itti whtiet Iti! bty aitci
uitei its Jeahi Ray, Hcttiy C. Wttnnothi,
Tiett Aiuh--eren, taitk Mttiiy ttnd
Mlertiimec-r 2aHrr, ait the tother cir
, Itpititst, woitilce uliutitteS an t legis
Istiv c -ir at- now wve!! kttoall itt
Th-st fuc i wie-i brought ferwtnart
Secnaet' St StItults in tptsitng a Ctn -
t ing thte ftr'est-tt Ciet In(iotu i a.y
in beti tne of tite enitei-iaries tf
thll~~je issue of frnudent hAnds Iof the
Stttt e stire ti-i etr tt, ttd, itS sitnch!.
lit-it so hject- to a suit tilt f le pat itif
rite State, tr tte rctvcry (tf hitee
teeis teFor I teit eq tiun lent, Iit i5 Ite
·i illci fit tin dvite the triives of M ir-.
I St itntes detsintig thitaIt te present
(to t iitt) ttithltble i ii itt! tt itt IiItit I
tlliniis ttr ili itiit t e State goieri
mluent until not Slre ditrbe, uattlrc
Itt efrite, tti-git Iting fetItw oelf zelti
ofr Omwhirn to tb ar ginst at emaven
il titiIt ltie itjiser letO Htttt H l
I h iche itt- H btt I i frientds ale notw ict
Cot tut antiehly tiditig.
Outtltacilt tt it iit. then, ftav itg Ilittadt
- ld vice of its Seliatit, itt shol! adtdori-ss
ito tas-I t-fit itti Ito-n intari te s itt Ntti- k II
tilt t t5 CttiVehitlIItil (Qnetthuto. W.ett
estll, fttr Iinsitite, tiak the voti-ts it
Cuideft iihy they situltdt ctILtnc wit I
Ottlc-Iift itt ui'tintg togaitist a Ccontven
titet iihIe-t th itt jt-jte of I toh it ft-I
totetitily oppjosed ftt or-tt ,y eat-s Ilt
-colntaoti e-hn tf a ratiltrad betweei
Shrteiepitnt and Mitinrie, aiti cast
every ptosisibile oblstacle lit tite way itt
tittse who httatd this uesuts antdE who
altsited anid inttettded tit itiilt if.
Bitt for the *c-flttishnss antd iatari
-Cttcttncte5 ttf Setnatori Stuaba, ttnd Ihit
asscievutes lit the fiand (Lttdelibu.
Itay & Cci), thit road wtouid Itait
Itten cintstrutiitd ittlg ago. Thteit
feligilulge Hall, ill t-ff't-C tttt( sostat,
I y, lthis: "tPt-isih is Ito- nerIty, rat he
rhn e sh d itete the fruits of ctit
fpeultHion. We ask tite voters oh
Cadtdo iihy they sholent be gttid!.d Iti
-iintteestcid ctutoun-! itt Senattir Stobbes
wihtai it tias at tite t-xtetse ctf the eit
tate if a di-cessed citizeut of Shire-e
ttlrt, (W. G. Bisq1), and It3 refus
itg to t-atry Otlt fY'i uithattlous tllSo
htis exeztcutiir, (Messrs. Battle ast
-Slade), that Mre Stitbbs was cuabltet
to uitite with Ltdelintg and others itt
the breakingJ dot of the stile at Mon.
roe; n Felear 84 J866, of db.
Vicksburg, Shrovepoit and Texas I
Rail road, after it had been knocked
down by the Sheriff to Messrs. Bran
nol & Cii. for *530,00)O. That we msar
inot he charged with dotiig jujustice
to Senator Sini bs, we shall again cite
from the reco ds if the suit of Jack
son et. al. vs. The Vicksburg, Shreve
port and Texas Railroad Co., John
T. Lidiliiig, John Ray, Frank P.
Stubbs and oithers, No. 5033 of the
de'.kel of the U. S. Circuit Court of
Lou1isisua.
Chaiige No. 17 of the complainant's
hill ili that nstilt is in these wortis:
"Your orators charge that the said
Lildeli og and Stuaºbls, by this echeni',
obtained possession from said Horne, ti i
nearly\ all of the coupon warrants Situ
boijits which were produced to the slhe
if to deifat the pisebase by Brinier &
Co. ; and that the consider tion reudereo
by sal Lintel tg, Sttiubbs, and their as
swinlt-s coisisted in I1lir control ovl'i
lie sherift and his bitb.seivieicy to thril i
franaidnlent purposes, and that they ae
iuals used moody and coupons, o«'ii01
by plersonis who join in this bilrto detfat
their fraudulent designs."
Tilie Stpre ie Couir of the United
States u.niiil this change to ie tine.
and ill ieferriig, in their opiiion (21
Wallace, 654), In this unaut horiseii
itll improper use (tf coupons of of her
parties by Liuhelingano. .-t bbs, a iel
their p let iiations for entiying oti
their fin adilent schene, saidi
-Everything having been thus prepar
ed the mic proceeded, but the scht-me tii
the associates was at first dernaiged i%
the iitertereico of other bildeirs. hi i
ier & Cs.., who hid for the proi irt%
$4.O.O 0, 1i u01 n tlii 1t tii thit s el
aioiiit of the a ppjraisemaen.t, a:1 si ,
wto:a it was tirst struck off. 'lhe. tn.e
what we must regard is at mostt iri1t'.
able efourt. to preseit an a4jisici al iin to
these bidders, aid au itce phaLces tv ii.
wheritt to t heir bil Liinheiug, fo. hiimi
self anu his lit iisu tqs, aiiit 1 iitiing :s?
their chief' gent, preieitiid' 1;41 of the
mlortgage bondts, tonrtobfwhich were G~or
jdolt , on Iirys ainid most it not all, the
reiniundtir obtained tromi loi us and
d1.m1aodtd innutediate paymecnt of the
past due coupons He had no right to
make ,tuch it demand He knew the
Ioitds had been placed in Hon.e's bands
for other purposes. He knew it was a
iituacli of faith in Horne to allow them
to be thus used and a fraud upon their
owtiers thus to use them. Subhhs pre
(seited ;72 coupons taken fro1m other
bonds, and also dnsliiled Iminediire
payiwent Aid he hud no ant hority to
Blame such a use ofl tshose coupons. They
hani been placed in his hands for ano her
purpose, which failed, and their owners
had directed theis to be returned "
%%e have made these quotations
flou the public iecords and to show
that Senator Stubbs has a persoiial
monied interest in defeating any lit.
iempt of thie people of this State to
thiow off the hlitden of an illegal and
fraudulet debt created by persons
calling themselves their representa
tives, and which is crushiug their in
Idustries atd beggaring them for the
advantage of ilsuier. We have made
diem becinne Senator Stobba is otiS
t of at class of men in this State who do
no appeal to care what become of
the people at large if their own cov
etousness be giatified. It is chiefly
this chass and the friends of class
who are opposed to a new coit i itu
fesating that their tnttions anal dis
honest gains will le etidangered said
that they will be le called upon to
eitder up--to disgiige.
No doubt there are some citizens
w hie tar conscieutietisly opposed to a
conveititon, but till of the class to
wich we have alluded, will be pure
t efndamount the anti conIveil
hu lulilhl.
Tlieie is a conmtmon saying, "Scratch
a Ilussiati anl ionu will tilid a Cbs
sack." It. u ill be its safe () any.
Ilit w ill (iiid a bondl-holder or a friiendi
ill botid- liildeas, an ofiice-lIsoder, or
an office iieeker.
Hayes' Title.
(Satijie Soutbron.J
It is ptsteiidsd on the one hand
that ho" evsi fraudulletit may have
bieti thme means used itt the electitim
sif the pissidetit, II hiat been legalized
aiid ciied by (lie count of Uhe electe
ial coliiiiissi'iI, etidorsed and co
firmed by the two houses of Con
giess, atid that their acuion in the
,,teinisCS Cailitiot be traversed or res is.
edl, atid is, by virtue of law, reaju.
dicula.
This strikes us as a most strange
lii onimliy hi p)olitiial justice ini the
annatls iii a free atid s4)vereigni people,
Wo liii hav aid p.155.55 constit utiotnia
anti legal rights, without a remedy to
cntoi ce hieti.
It (lie willI of (lie people can lie deo
featetl, and I le ends for which this
goivertitmettntiws iiistitutted be frtis.
*rated by fr aud and miade fatal and'
iirevoicable by I le mtaniptulatitns ui
thu. gtilty pauty, then the great pain
ciples iif Magna Charter and free
government is a total failure.
But thuis posilloin is tnot only false
and nitenable in reference in. the
laws aied admtiniisttahion Elf the gov.
ernmenctt lpoiItically, but it is iin v'iula
Iton of et elry lit iiatiide of COniliotil
tmid stauttiy law of this cottmury to
bar an in vest igation and asanalsa
.1l1l15 Ef every act4 COnhiaRC andf ei*
gagetment wider the plea anil allega.
notun sf ft std, whet her pohi ical or Jii.
difiial, Madi if tewiun to be true, ilt vi
jates and annul. all proceedings be.
uween dlee patties. We ho11 li, 'ier
hore, that it is vet, only (lie tight knii
dise imperative duty of this lugall)
ciinstituted autlhorities uf the g""
ernument to prosecute atid ezamitne
tutit thitl question. of fiatid in till ite
heights and depths, lengths and
I shoW to the vOuttlf y ~Hledcrt (lie Of.
ictal statue itf President Hayes i.s le
gal or~bogns atid Iraudulenti, and ii'
shie latter should be mautde to appens
,as the teastit of this inveetigahioti.
then Mr. Hays's is not the President
1.f ~the United States, is facto or de
jur.; mud all tie proceedings, pr*.
iiid con., connected with'Iuis sutstalla
.io tnto that oflic is abslutl :nn
PEEPING INTO THE POLITICAL FU*
TURE.
A SCIIPIE OF IIAYtES TO VINDICATE Pi
HIMSELF uY CARRYING LOUISIANA
WilY FOL'UR CONGIRESMIEN AIlE WANT 4
ED-THE IMPORTANCE OF THE NEXT
I'RE8IDETIAL COUNT.
#1
[N. O. Times.] t
The best iiirniformed Republicansn here III
sincerely bclieve, that the WIashing. w
ont misniisttattioi has been walk
ed up into an altrmed frame of mind it,
(not uIittiixeId with raIgte, until it is
ieatl lI to ge any length to ally oat it
least f1ur1 of itie eitongiessieoncal ll-Itricts
eel
in this State at thie corning election.
It i1+ believed that tI this single
,tlnrpIte all tIhe federalt patruoniage it. a
he State a ill he solidly cnns-etiraled ti
iaii that lthe civil seivice p-eteinse
will ie esiIt in t ihe wids. Not il
Ihis, hont large s11t ms 'f money w ill I e
",il here fill thiss pillprase, and if lie
e''awry 1 t1oo,4 . %%ill Ine ised with i a
ie(kleistless that will Isy Grant's per i
(otntan'e Ill the slhale.
It is asserted that llhaes is disgrat
ell ele't're the ei nnti t ai ani tLtht thet
(nuy reply ii' eatl Itiake lt the revt-h I,
'inn of t18101 is to carry the alleged
ulh~dozetl districts by such tnnj1nitieal e
his fll as a ill cotaInItlct" time C t(11 ry I.
hat the Hteiachl lieuc Itte wall S tpil
metseCd ttto ye;lis ag. .
TO D)i) Tills IIE CAN,
O lhey say, snftlr t i ll go to a lcy length. r
¶ 'inig nAtns woiId( be an a wkward II
ito1 d. s.e' ate seiteidr fin hiil ine li te.
111,1, lit It is inked hint his care is t'
1 atorl a akweit Ii itdl tlesperate one. C
W ililet Ii 'tH lits ithis vital periota .
I11 iinetitre ic .lecit tryg these ton
tc;' I i Eco esionai ds ttlets, anol
will Flat t{~. II.:wh'.inely~ ill Ill ItiioI tit
.I .r 4-1111, iI sit happens that ltie Re
icublcli Cs i nti .- ciets a hic have been
tichting hnc, have a strong pastty I
uatisit in aicoiopilishiiig the stte i
rsIuIlt. t
(ittI~ C)II. ( 'RICI 11r df llil
Fletr cnigressitaeu may determiine r
thi politieil cutiplexiin of the next t
Ilonse, to obtain a mtajority ill which e
is now the v'ital obijeetiiji point of I
Replublican parley factids. Tie Sen- t
atle ine'itaIly beet'eitS DeHcnc iti, t
1ie thle 4t1I of text Marach, aidtlni ti leas t
Ithe repltlteans cat. ery the Hlise aIt a
this electinl itt Ith hneses of Coingless I
will he Democratic, when it comes to 1
counting the elerninia vote of the c
inext presidentinil election. r
HAD BOTH HOUSES
been Democrcatic att the counting of
thie last electioral vote, thicere would I
hIcve been no electtral commissiont I
and Tilden would have geioe in w'ith- I
int tany trouble. The ipossession of s
the SenIate byv the Reptblicansit what I
eae'd the pisesidenicy iot tlhem. Nest I
time the pestsessini of the house may I
again save it fotr thetm.
If tlhere is a contested election it
will not only eInable lthet to face
anotlher electoral commtuiejsinu, but in I
case thete is a failure to elect by t
soeie State casting its vote for a
third canodidate the election will go, I
tinder the contitutiont, to the House, I
where it will be detettiined by a vote
of States, that is, the cotgteasnten of I
each State will cast the single vote I
of that State by a maujoity vote I
amoiig themselves.
Thus, if thie Republicans elect four I
congressmentl Ironts Louisianai, they, I
being a majurity, wtnuld cast the sill- t
gle vote of this State tfor the Repuob
sicai presiiheutial caudidate while the
thirSy add cotngiessaten rcom New
York might sIll be emottrats li but
would intly be able ttc cast the sitgle I
vote of New Yotk for the Dentocratic I
catididate. I
Thie Ilcesent Hotse Ias a nutnerical (
Demtocratic maijotitS' of Itbit a dozen. I
but a mccjt ity of States is said to be a
Republican.
Disbanding the Confederate Govern.
mont. 4
TUE OGEAT SEAL.
LPendleton Correspondence Charleston
News and Courier.]
While I Ihave lien in Itititl I will add
two items whltticlh may intteent your
rt'sdeis touchitig thee late 'I'homatcs
Chliles Pertleit of Aleberville. In the
coucvetttioil of tlhit Sata, whlich pass.
ed the otdinatnce of slressitu, a heic
the signing itf the documenur was dttse.
Abbeville dictiict beizcg the lir.st call
edt on, lt. Percin's hIotnored usatue
p hnecds the roll. Not loing ago Ins
sjcleicdii maitaisen in Ablievtlle vil.
I hage (by far the finest dwelliteg I ever
uaw in this up-cctnrtLt3 s) 'Itas ceinsumned
lit aties. He told ute itititremlf that tlie
1 verY last ofticial act cf tlie Uotetftiler
*tu ovi GoernImcit took IIISCO iii his
jearlor. Tle Piesidedtt cd li Calit
iet slentst Ith nightt at Mtl. Perrin's as
they passe-il throtgh Albileillle tot
,I leir rletent sesat ard fiow Hichi
noeetd. 'Ishen sd hret'e it was for'asal
3. iesolved Iii dtslthctll, Mlr Bletjamnin,
the Secietary of St(te, coiseltcd aitli
the heist as to the destutclitt of the
great seal by tiri, desiring lhii aid in
efcelitg that escel. Mr. Pertin aug
gested as a better wsy ot disppict g
tf it lo commit it to the keeping of
the faithful Snvannali URer, wheti the
Secreaiey was expected tet cross to'
tcaetrrow. It is beleved that such was
else dispositioll made of it.
AGarcoLA.
~- I-~
1'The Biratdon (Miss.) Republican
i 8we InHr lanst csi ice purcheased in
that stae for 10 cents astiamer, while
o hisike)' closts 15 cette a drink; and
yet thei re ateoiple that ate landleis
who speiUd $i a lacy fo whiskey.
' Scetie: on a tison light escarsion.
1He-dailiug, hare 3ou ever read
'The Tiale of a Bumble.Bee ' She
-(tiiLiming hlbster colored) "No; but
I've felt 'ema."
- A western Nan has invoutml some
i bio tbat bsata tLe tclephou. He Iro
posse to put in a line of Wooen, f
* epe spart, sad commit the now. to the
kent asNret.
NEWS ITEMS.
General Shiell Iis been granted a?
pe)nsion of c$100 per imonth.
This years wheat cIoup is estimated
400,000,000 bushels.
lThe Washington correspontdent of
the St. Louis Republican says that
those who laginet tlhant the future
piioceediogs of the Potter comtmittee
will be unintterestinig ie mistaiken.
Mine Bonapart, of lBaltimore, who ig
is about eiintyt-six yests old, is in the fu
enjoy ment of fairt health, having te eo
centIly recoveted from a severe attack 4!
of illness. at
hi
A TOTAL ealipao of the sint, visible II
aII over the United States, is billed t
tor July 29th. Ii
IN INDIANA, according to the Re
publictri jetr; msanider. 2a1.219 Demo. it
ereats elected cnly foair rnenlhets (iff r
'Coengre's, while, 20)7,60 Repitlicans ti
elect nine tembersnA of CIongress- o4 It
iis other words, it takes 5:3,:310 Dent- C
''cr'ts to elect a Congressecan, whilst 0
it icequites only 23,069 Relpublicaun to t
elect a Congressman. nl
SwC]
MIacMllahon, the President of France,
costs only $200,000 a year, against a
Louts Napoleon's $6,000,000.
Mr. EDISON'S latest invention is H
"the Telescopophoene." it is an ear a
trumnpet, by the use of which oidina- a
ry conversatiotn has been heard a It
iuse off; and shouting at a distanIce a
of twI miles. Deaf people may like tl
wise go to the theatlte with the teles- ti
epopohione and hear the slighest whis. to
pers on the stage.a
d
Sabine Items.t
sl
IFrom the Southron. a
As to the Senatorial Convention, we
hope our Conshatta tiends will not u
in sist in dragging Sabine on such a
hlng. dry said dusty road, it a dis
rtutt cotrner of the district. We think v
that the primary consideration in 'o '
eating the convention should be an c'
equa;l division of the tIaveling die- t
tslae of the delegates of thle dtiffer tý
ilnt . l+mlishes of thie distict. Otlher- t1
Snite, we puit in a chim for Sabine, al
tand ask tlhat Meany be the place.
However, we are willing to meet our "
teighhors on half way ground, and c
cotdialy uniita ith theam in choosing '
the right man for Senator of this dis- I
trict.
ti
Remember, that the Hon. J. B. I
Elat, MajorJ. C. Moncnre, of Shreve- q
Iport, Gov. F. T. Nicholls, and other t
distianguished gentlemen, are invited, C
and it is contidently expected, will be c
in attendance at the Barbecue, on thie h
180t of July, at Sardis Church, in d
this parish. C
Ii
HORSE THIEVEs.- One hundred
Sdollaers reward is offered in to-day's c
paper for the capture of two horse d
thieves. We sincerely trust they will
be caught and made to suffer the ex
tieme penalty of the law, with but a
little cost to the State. That there is
a band of these thieves existing ina
this State and Texas, there can be
but little doubt. When last board
from they were heading for Hunt or
Van Zandt counties, Texas. The re
ward offered will be promptly paid a
by Capt. Hass, as he is reliable inc
every way.
--1 ii
Vernoe Items.
We learn that Greenback Clubs are
Iheiti; organized in Vernon parish.
It titus is dotee outtide the Demtocratic
party orgatnization it will leave a teun
dencty to itejure our success. The c
Demncratic larlty of Ihis State IA in 6
a cecord with the West on the money d
qIuestio~n, seed we fede assured a statd I
will et taken tlhetenn at Baton Rouge ,
wleich will satisfy the average mind ,
that the people of Lousiiana Iave
cot ret "moley principle."
Rains have Ieeen partial, but crop <
prospects se far ate good.
Stephen Grant, an old and esteem
el citizen of the psliish died a few I
I weeks since, much regretted by all.
r
s The Republcsa State Central om-t
amittee. I
(N. O. Picayone.
An unusual gatleering of thle Radi
cal chieftains at the Turners' Hall I
vesterduay proclaimed the uieeting of
thie Republican State Central Commt-.
tee. The emeeting was eentireel I
I seret, no one hut menubers of the
comtmittee being allowed in the room.
The object of the meetitg was si- I
eouenced as beiteg for tlee pirpose of I
ancertnaning the individeal oupinione
orf Ilth m~erniarsl~ as rn th~e advisabliity
of hotlding State anld city conlventionsr
of the patty duritg the cnmpaign
No tinal deter.oinatIon was arrived
at, but it was the general utnderstated.
; ing that to State ticket wotltd lie pet
in tiee field. Local fights will be
mealde, Congressmeten, Senaturs, Rep
resentatives and parochial tickets will
bie pnlced itt nomenation, but nothing
further.
Thte committee of the parish is left
free to act as cilrcumstances meay dic
tate-to put upan itdependent ticket,
or form a suitable alliance.
It would appear that the contest
between Dainoett and Pinehback for
the Chairmanship Is practically at an
end. It was alleged yesterday that
* Pinchbaeck abandoened coenmectoo with
i the committee, and Mr. Gantt sappli
d ed the vacaticy as a member. Pinch.
back thiksal the congressional repre
sentatieno of thu Fifth District will
satisfy him.
4 The giiuasanU wiho attracted atten
le tention in church last week by cryineg
t out, 'Holy Moes," bad no intention of
idisturbing the congregatieo. He had
been tacking down earpets on the day
befurs, aad just s be sat down itt bis
p ow he maudely bse a he
had hab a paper of taokP Is has coat
mskt WemSe this ezplanasos itq
Je ice to his tamily, who, are bigly tss
pectabIeWIMW LtaIlaumb .
A Wonderfi"
A eVor an sthat d 1'i \ iti' Iwve ni
the Hold of a ('aopsihed re.Th
sel in Lake I thii, Mull i."
I'i nally Rescued .\i1
[Egrin (Pa.) caisptaiiha
Ever since Lake Eide lisy itheei n
igated by civilized peoplie -eý eiiill
tfr mrthe lst century, iian "1 ha ra
ed uIp large~ nuriutibs of lit ilth"
tie s by sihipwreek, 1' ftit. iid hi
ethner casisdqltie, li in il e 1i1111
bodies are recoverid hetia ,u ie n
others thrat re never'f., theiii1 ;ell liihi
that float ashore taet a re riet iihi;e
titledl.
I piupope now to gi T(hei 't.iiiii
ilar dhich at htornir hutgaj , .Dil -
rrecke! ona Lake la al, i i'atdiii iana
the waytel ibve thly itl adtwes hiI;iUkt
ttscnelu alte. l1te it 1 1*1 1te1 t1 I 8
id Capt. Gi Wa ipllkins1, lof te team-.
the iwlrcoorier Nt' a' C'';l 11(1 i~t'l. "t
dteathownt f s D trit lieu iii;g11 built at
wihCapt. Appleby 11;b111 ehthe ;toll i
Winei t oor tany Bears. 111 mauster. Aln
anst of his, erdtheu reiiid iig It Il; t
Rock, bielow Bufflo, wai at Ellt' on
it iest, staying wait 1f th 11 hiotli, w1al0
was then a resident of I le is)a ic. The
lady13 went to Connreaiit, ill eeriepa iv
witho inepher pn to visit lui i t tier
there. After rentirtiiiig tiei' soeeri
time ase became xceeilingly if e xiiie
toa get home. Chat. ApmIihd, wa Io
poas busy with the Stau iii n wteat
deavored to dissuade his aunt fiunte
taking the homsre journey unrtil Ito
shaoeuld be going out with his vessel.
when lie would taske her bonne. Ilks
efforts in that directiion, heewever.
were unavailing, and lie haillher t~r
ken on board thre schooniter to gsa toa
Buffalo in charge of the c new. The
vessel being light, and the tine if'
year August, the cAptali crad enrii
confidensce in th fabiliti of the eihtv
to manage the craft and lat d his it" dt
tive sare at her destinaitei. woma y
thing piassd loff quietly iinti the l l
sel hand passed hrtie, wlieii a silt llen
squall struck and Tolled her over Iail.
onll her side, when e icac .1 tilled
with Water, but reacilited i lieu t.
The crew, loosending the vesse's aw",
jaurped in and pam lled u o the sitnre,
leaving the wonnas gt in e cal hi n, Ai
they supposed downed. T[hie earlty
landed at or near Postlnid, hauauii
qda county, New Yoak, nt miate
their way as best theyam could hink to
Conneant. Three dayisn iir ar lhe aic
cident Capt. Wilkins of the stea.mS
boat William Peacock, in e oining
down from Detroit, was besought cr
Capt. Applehy to board the wareck It
.e saw it, and if possible to geet aib1"
body of his aunt out of the ntnti hande
convey it to Buffalo. Capt. Wilkins
liscovered the disabled venetl drilt
ing down the lake, and after cotaing
alongside, Capt. Williai teritntetit,
then first mate of thu h'eaetck, board
ed the wreck and mauke search. liht
schooner lay upon ler side, ad t, t
all appearances was full of waier. A
poale was employed, and it was sapi
posed every part of the cabin w ast
touched, and, as no Iotke.t ini he
shape of a human body was felt, the
conclusion was reached that the re
mains had floated out of tie cabin
into the lake, and hence, furihile
searc wasm givenng up. To redety f
as withl a esse wthn fa miliies.orgt
the Frenhooner aondnect er into thet
nerest e mpot lie: dondwiio
Aev~~ Rgusian Tenra ries-lowardt
siio the Gradmane w alked iouhe honr,
wateor andpcaineu ighe staor upnoun
I- dek Shea wascaugtory.p. l
pl**eby wl oand sucoltd ' iebn'gr;tlt
wTherwie ae porelet.
sh asnpo her ai il.: ejl
noa flie downth id tlint Alee aidre gamt
wsy intAt posiatile, hari tellenh hadtr
wasah psoliar ctraker arid ahear on
-t ionohichfloated on the* Fateun.atel
caponwa but theflod war."t[tarfeet fabo
I rand h e taecntnt.iiie