JAS. H. COSGROVE, * . Editor.
NATCHITOCHES
SATURDAY - - - - Oct. 3, 1874.
Advertising Rates.
I seaItre.... $ I I0 $60 59 $1) 00 $15 (N) 20 Oil
J squaIeI... 7 II) 10 I)00 15 00 20 00 25 00
:3 ionares... 100( 1:13 (l IF 00 25 00 311 0Oi
4 sllaro... . 14110 I on I) 2 00 :I 0 00 35 010
Ssrqularen... 17101 1) 010 27 00 35 (50 40 00
5 sqoarjas... 2)010 24 00 :2 100 40 00 45 00
SqIqunare.... 2:10)1 27 00 36 00 50 00 70 00
Ssq hares... 200 30 00 40 00 6(5 0 80 Ol l
l0 Mqtlaren... 3 00 35 On 50 00ill 57 00 105 100
153 sqr1es... 45100 6ill 00 0 0 7 100 00 125 00
210 Mlllares... ') 11O 8 00 90 00 125 00 150 (00
T1'ransiet advertisetments $1.50) per sqnare of
I0 lie.s ltrovier, first, insertion. Each subse.
qn.nt insertion 75 cents per square.
OUR JOB OFFPIC is supplied with n
great variety of type. and work in this depart.
ment perfnrmed 1with neatness and at modener
ate prices.
T'erms, CARIE on delivery of work.
Rates of Subscription.
One Copy one year....................$3.00
one Copy six onlth...................... I 50
(Payable in advance.)
Notice to Contributors.
No cnmmnlieatini s will he pDnlished
Inless aecompalnied by the author's real
name. That one side of thte sheet to be
written upon when sent to us for inser
t ioll.
Articles to bo short and to the point,
to have attention.
These are our rules and they must be
strictly adhered to.
WHITE PEOPLE'S TICKET.
..For State Treosurer :
JOHN C. MONCURE,
Of Cadd(1o.
For ConflreRs--4th District:
WILLIAM M. LEVY,
Of :atchitoches.
For Senator.
J. B. ELAM,
Of 1)eSoto.
For District Jttdgc.
Wm. H. JACK,
Of Natchitoches.
For District Attorney.
M. J. CUNNINGHAM,
Of ,atehitoches.
PARISH TICKET.
For Representatives:
W. A. PONDER.
JACOB KILE.
For Parish Judge:
C. F. DRANGUET.
For Sherif:
S. M. HYAMS.
For Coroner :
CHAS. HAMLIX.
For Police Jurors.
WM. PAYNE.
F. JENNINGS.
R. E. HAMMETT.
H. R. McLENDON.
W. C. ROSS.
Church Notice.
An Anniversary service will be said
at the Cathedral of Natchitoches, on
Wednesday, October 7th, at half past
9 o'clock A. M., in commemoration of
Rev. F. Levezouet and the four other
Priests, who died at Shreveport, La.,
during the last epidemic.
.a.-----... ~-.l, 4M,
The sickness of "all hands" in the
Vindicator office must be our excuse
for our editorial short comings in this
week's issue. Next week we will
make amends-Providence permit
ting.
We Gall attention to the appoint
ments made by Col. Win. M. Levy,
our Congressional candidate. Con
servative journals throughout the
District will please make a note of it.
Attention is called to the advertise
ment of a lost Promissory Note. See
advertisemnent in another column.
We call especial attention to the
address of our people, to the citizens
of this State and the Union. We ask
only fait judgement at the hands of
all parties, and'we must say that with
the return of the, Radical. officials,
our burdens will become anbearable,
and we will not be responsible for
consequences.
Registration has been quietly going
on since the dethronement of Kellogg.
Let every one who desires to exer
eise his rights as a freeman, go for
ward and register. We can beat them
at the polls at all events.
The cotton yield is turning out very
fair, full one-half crop. Corn short.
Weather fine for picking.
Our city dull, very little cotton
coming in. Merchants generally hare
good stocks on hands, and money
suflicient to move what little cotton
is offered.
The Situation.
Now that the New Orleans portion
of the people's forces have yielded to
thie appearance of the Federal army,
or a small portign of it we should
say, and having given up the State
house to Col. Blrooke, who returns it
to Kellogg, and that individual "ac
cepts" we are constrained to ask;
what is the condition in which we are
placed by these events ? Are we
bound by the surrender thus made T
In other words, is the redemption or
attemptedt redemption of our' beloved
State by the means and in the man
ner inaugurated and set forth by the
citizens of Natchitoches in June last,
to cease. We have anxiously looked
to our supporting journals for some
inkling of a well defined and stable
policy by which some good and per
manent results might accrue to our
people, and we have failed thus far
to discern even a shadow of sound
advice. What the Bulletin, may say
of the "attitude of the country par
ishes," or the Shreveport Times re
marks of "what shall we do," in no
way apply to the situation, and gives
the people no thread whereby they
may be rescued from the mazes of the
seemning inextricable confusion the
action of our New Orleans citizens
have placed them.
The Courrier-Tournal of Louisville,
comes to the rescue to late, it is true,
to benefit those to whom it is par
ticularly oddressed, in an article in
its issue of the 17th nlt., upon the
crisis, but it can be acted upon by us,
and of which we give extracts ap
pended.
Before our readers enter at length
into the gist of the article, we .beg
leave to state that candor compels us
to classify ourselves with those whom
that journal pronounces "marploters,"
and we hope we will be excused if
we call the attention of our able con
temporary to the fact that in its il
lustration of the situation we occupy
in the "Fire and Frying pan" simile,
a very close proximity to the bottom
of the parn. It may be, and no doubt
is,.all well enough for that journal to
advise "legal remedies" and advocate
our consoling ourselves with "patience
and fortitude," but we are in a situa
tion similar to the Frogs in the Fable
The advise is all very well-good,
but unless the boys are kept from
pelting us, we cannot see why we are
to be blamed for occasionally dodg
ing. The fact of the business is, the
,Courier-Journal does not understand
our situation. Although a South
ern State and subject to the influence
of the sectional Constitutional Amend
ments and partizan laws passed and
enforced by the bigoted, Radical Con
gross and adlministration, Kentucky
has had the benefit of a conservative
construction of these laws and amend
ments, and they have been adminis
tered by honest officials with an eye
single to thie welfare of the whole
people. With us the opposite has
been the case. The native intelligent
citizens of Louisiana, have been de
barred from participating in the af
fairs of our local government, and
all legislation ,has been to the end
that we might be robbed, and all
justice exerted .only to protect our
dispoilers. If the people of any Couns
ty in Kentneky" aere. compelled; as we
have been, to pay 8 pser cent Tazes,
amlnd that for no purpose except the fees
and salnries pfojlciale, we venture to
say the Courier-.Jornal would be the
head centre of "marplots and theo
rists." It is all very well for those
journals to "theorize" on the situa
tion when they have none of the
burdens to bear. We are anxious
and willing, more so, we venture to
say, than any outside parties, -for a
solution of tile difficulties under
which .we labor, but we are in no
condition to wnlt years, and the slow
returning sense of the Northern peo
ple; becanse by that time we woauld
have nothiin to contend for--and we
still say that this matter can never be
satisfactorially settled until it is donem
by, and with our eonsent. This may
be "marplots and theoriste" and at
the same time send doctrine. TIe,
idea as expressed in the Cowrier-"Tour"
nal of getting friends abroad and
controlling friends at home, is a good
one, but is as little snsceptible of be
ing carried to success as any plan we
have yet seen devised. It would re
quire ages to contvince the average
Northern mind that we were not still
a set of "bloody cut-throats," ar
dently longing 16r Soutliern Con
federacy, andi firmly wedded to the
institution of slavery, and even
among our "border. friends," among
whom we class Kentucky, the eeatt
praetical4 illustrated of Radical rule
would have to be felt, which we pray 1
God may be averted from them, be-.
for they :can be convinced that the
outbreaks in Louisiana are not the
"thwratingfn of "marplots and tea-1o
vista." From the "stand point" ( 4
the Courier-Journal, its ideas are all
well enough, but six years residence
in this portion of the Union (?) would
show them that its all very well to
"preach patience, when the irn does
not sear."\
Compromise and Concession.
The people of our parish have heard
so much of these two acts, in our
dealings with the plundering thietes
who have ruled us with an iron land
for seven years past, that some have
accepted the idea that nothing is well
done unless compromised into, which
amounts, on our part. to conceding
every thing that is right, honorable
and just.
We have now placed eurselves
where it is impossible for the "trim
mers" whose ideas are, that nought of
success can be achieved in the open
manly field of principle, and hope
springs but in the dark and devious
ways of diplomacy. We have by our
actions during the past four months
outlawed ourselves from the dishonora
ile paths of concession to men, whose
lives are a lie and who by their craft
have their gain. Let us then not at
tempt to shadow with doubt one
principle for which we contend. We
are totally right or wholely wrong, if
right, our homes, our honor demand
we should pledge our lives to secure
our liberties, if wrong, they also re
quire we should recede from our posi
tion, undo what we have done and
make public acknowledgement of our
fault. We ask the question, is there
one man in our midst prepared to go
back upon his record of the past four
months; prepared to return to their
respective offices such men as H. C.
Myers as District Judge, ])avid Bonult
as Parish Judge, D. H. Boullt as Tax
Collector, and the entire ilk we have
displaced I
Remember it must be done if tre are.
L~romi ; if right, wee wcill nerer submit !
OuR PaRISH TICKET.-Now that
the war is over, that we have assert
ed our manhood in wresting from the
hands of Kellogg the government of
State, that Grant has interfered and
returned to the defuncto the State
House, we turn to our last hope, made
somewhat more secure by the com
promise as announced in to-days is
sue; the ballot box. Our Conven
tion which assembled on the 21st
Sept., representing the interest of our
white citizens, placed a Parish ticket
in the field which cannot fail to com
mnend itself to the consideration and
elicit the support of the mabjority of
the people of Natchitoches. Men of
sound judgment, honesty and stand
ing, have been nominated our stand
ard bearers in November. Let us
rally as one mlan to the support and
achieve at the ballot box what we
failed of with arms.
There has been one crying evil in
this Parish for a long time, and it
should be put a stop too by a combi
nation of merchants with planters,
we allude to the purchase of bags
and sacks of cotton at night from
freedmen. We hear from god an
thority, that in and around 24 mile
ferry, this trade has been carried to
an excess that calls for imnmediate
action. Let our merchants and plan
ters have an understanding to arrest,
not only thesellera but the purchaser
of sacks of seed cotton and the
evil will be checked.
What Myers and Boullt, both judges,
by grace of Federal bayonets, intend to
do upon their return, remains to be seen.
We suppose that all persons opposed to
them must "stand from under." As we
will have a small spell of hot work, we
propose our compromise friends get out of
the ranks of the '"ast ditchers" and let
us see, who is who
Troops are coming to the resuen of the
"living lies," the oflicials-of-North Louis
iana. Capt. Johnlm Hienn, celebrates his
xEw advent into the Grand Ecore trade
by bringing up three companies of U. S.
troops to be used by the Radical thieves
to throttle the white people of Red Riv
er with whom he is to do business. H.
C. Myers and D. H. Bonllt, of Natchito
ches, Dewees and Twitchell, of Red Riv
er, are his distinguished guests also. We:
will try and remenmber the Captain for
this kindness.
'Three companies of U. S. troops left
New Orleans on Satnrday last, per steam
es Belle Rowland, for Conshatta, Alex
itndria and Natchitoches.
Speaker Lowell informs the New
York Herald that Kellogg did not
call out the militia "because the cot
ton picking season. should not be
spoiled." Kellogg says hlie had "none
but colored militiamin the State, and
if they hadresisted, they would have
been burned ,out and massaereed." It
isevident that both these great States
men, are in earnest in trying to save
thie country and the cotton crop.-[La.
State Registet.
It is a strange fact that wise men
learn more from foole.'than fool do
from wise men.
The Crisis.
[From the Louisville Curicr-Journl.l
The present crisis illustrates 411 of
the positions from time to timt laid
down in the Courier-Journal, awil that'
most forcibly. It illustrates the ruin
ous character of the Radical liolicy
at the s~ame tinme that it illnstrat s the
hopeless character of violent ess
tnCte on the part of the South. i The
South has~ never realized the fiet of
its thorough and coml, lte subjlIia:
lion. The North has been steadily
deluded by the litiion of nationality
put forward by a partisan oligarchy
inten.ely proscriptive, sectional and
despotic. Thcre has been no free
domi, in the i'road replubicat sense,
since the war at the South. There
has been merely the pretense of it.
Between the negro and the D)emo
cratic party, the scheme of a peace
fal and equitable reconstruction of
society has fallen to the ground. The
North has been misled iby the negro.
The South has been misled by the
Democratic party. The result is a
passage of arms in which we tind
the great city of New Orleans arrayed
against the Federal Government, the
whole South and half the North ar
dcntly sympathizing with the revo
lutionists, the army and( navy, com-n
manded by a dominant political fac
tion, siding with usurpationi and cor
ruption, and organized to suppress an
honest, conservative, commercial me
tropolis.
The end, as far as a passage at
arms is concerned, can not be doubt
ed. It is settle in advance by the
simple law of force against force.
The power which pit down fifteen
States will not balk before one ; the
letter of the law is plainl ; the Radical
party not merely has a legal pretext,
but it has a malignant inclination and
a partisan interest in measures the
most vigorous, no matter how arro
gaut, destructive and unjust.
if Gov. Pesn and his advisers and
followers proceeded under the .idea
that the full power of the Federal
Government would not be put forth
to crush the revolt in which the peo
ple of Louisiana are engaged, they
made a woful mistake. If they un
dterstood this, the logical consequence
of their movement must be a bold
and resolute resistance, by which, if
they hold out long enoagh, they can
force the addition of at least fifty mil
lions to the national debt, and may,
in the end, plecipitate a general civil
war. They have nothing to lose,
and everything to gain, by carrying
out the measure of revolution they
have begun. If they do not, they
lire mere rioters, exposed to vindic
tive prosecutions for murder. In the
meantime the honest mren of both
parties know that Penn, as the repre
representative of the people of Louis
lana, is right, and tllnt the Kellogg
usurpation is worse than any of the
villainies practiced by European des
potismn in Ireland, Poland, Hungary
or Venice the last fifty years.
If Gov. Penn backs down, and if
Ihis followers disperse in response to
a proclamation which was a certainty
in advance of their movement, and
which, if they have any fitness for
their work, they must have consider
ed beforehand, what will it imply I
It will imply that all future resorts to
violence are not to be countenanced
and that the South mnIt confide in
legal remedies, consoling itself with
patience cand forbearance. This lat
ter policy we have steadily advised.
We prefer to advise it now. But, if
we are to act on a dififerent line, let
us act together, forcing the North to
reconquer us and give us a military
government, or else to do uts justice.
The Governlentwoe have is a farce.
The whole South prefers an empire,
a king; therefore, let us, if we are
going to be governed by peaceful
suggestions, compel the North, by a
state of war which its whole energies
will be required to suppress, to
change its form of government; to
hold the South as a vanquished pro
vince; to relinquish tile revenues
drawn from our prosperity, and to
turn us over to the negroes, bag and
baggage, body and breeches. Let us
crush out the miserable lie f'hich
Radicalism keeps before the country.
Else, let the marplots and the theo
rists, who will do nothing but thwart
the efforts of those who seek a dif
ferent and peaceful avenue of escape
through nationality and' reconcilia
tion, forever hold their pea:ce. Loet
us do the one thing or the other, fight
out of the frying-pan into the fire,
or quench the fires of civil war by
tile process consistently advocated in
these colunmns, the process of making
friends abroad and of keeping the
peace at home, of dividing the Radi
cals and nniting the conservatism of
the conntry upon a sound, national
and rational basis of pacification and
reunion.
To Northern bigotry of thie subju
gating sort we have to say this : You
have us in your power undoubtedly.
If yon think, however, that you can
persecute us'to the death without en
tailing on yourselves some of the con
sequence of your malignance and your
folly, do your work like skillful ex
ecutioners, quickly and thoroughly.
We hate you, certainly; hate you
with justified and cordial hate. You
are not merely a-setof licentious by
pocrites and .erual liars, bhut a base
and cowardly gang of political cut-.
thr'oats, who, if you lived in the South;
would be torturing inotffensive negro
women and children-burning the
cabins of poor people-adding astroi
ty to violence, and teaching the Ku
klux lessons of cruelty only conceeiv
able in the theoligy of Plymouthi
church, in the journalism of the Cin
cinnati Gazette, in the nastiness of
the cul-de-sac from which the Inter
Ocean is issued."
We are not writing under excite
ment. Every word that we put down
has been coolly revised and expresses
exactly and precisely the sentiment
of the least impulsive section of South
era society. Matters have come to
this, people of the the North: you
have got to do us justice, or we will
force you to accept a third term and
a military despotism, in order to se
cure your counquest.
This is its much our country as
yours. We love it asdearly asyou do.
WVe are ready to unite with yon on
equal terms in restoring a perfect
union and at splendid republicanism.
But, if you will have to expose the
cloven-foot of despotism you have
concealed the last ten years, and, if
it presses upon our necks, youn too
ntiist and shall feel the print of it.
If Governor Penn does not want to
hal:ng as an assassin, he must hear
himself like a hero ; and, if "another
rebelliion" and civil war is the conse
quence, let thenm come. The worst
that can lhappen is to make Grant an
Emperor, and the South is ready to
do, that now. The Democratic party
of the North is gone; swept out of
existence by these acts, as it Wa\ swept
out of existence in 1til by secession.
If the men at the South who have re
fused our advice, and engaged in this
business in spite of us, are sincere
if they mean "business"-now is their
time. They will never get a better
case. If they do pot, let them crawl
away, confessing that all their assaults
upon Is have been mere windy bra
vodo-"sound and fury, signifying
nothing."
In short and in fine, what we mean
is this: There is no use trying peace
fiul agencies as long as the mnarplots
are engaged in stirring up strife ; the
marplots have now a pretty quarrel
as it stands ; let them fight it out, or
abandon their senseless and reckless
policy. If it is fight, we are with
them ; if not, we want to know it.
The South is tired of useless sacrifi
ces.
Light Breaking.
As the facts are becoming known
outside of Louisiana, even our bitter
est political opponents begin to realize
how greatly deceived they have beenl
as to the state of affairs. Here is what
the Pittsburg Leader, a violent Radi
cal paper, has to say about it :
What makes it worse is that the
rebels have just enough right and
reason on their side to divide public
sympathy and embarrass the Govern
ment in their efforts to put then down.
There is no earthly doubt now that
Kellogg is not the legally elected
Governor of Louisiana, and that Mc
Enery is-this much was frankly ad
mitted by Mr. Morton's Republican
Senate comnmittee last year.
There is no doubt, either, that the
action of United States Judge Durell
in ousting the McEnery board, giving
Kellogg the election was a usurpation
and an outrage. Grant, himself we
do not doubt, now knows that his ac
tion in sustaining Kellogg and Durell,
at the instance of his brother-in-law,
Casey, was rash and wrong. There
is no doubt, either, that the action of
Kellogg (who in many instances has
acted quite judiciously), in ordering
the disarming of private citizens is
directly in violation of the United
States Constitution, and is a usurpa
tion that would as surely raise a riot
in Pittsburg as in New Orleans.
There is no doubt of all this, yet
this rebellion must be suppressed by
the strong hand. Intes arma leges
silent-Public order must be sustained
no matter who is right and who is
wrong; other questions can be set
tied afterward. However wrongfully
hie obtained his seat, Kellogg is, and
for two years has been, the de facto
Governor of Louisiana. As the Tri
base says, this is no time for McEnery,
or Penn, his Lieutenant, to assert
their claims. The President should
.nphold Kellogg with all the power of
the United States against the rebel
lion-then dojstice afterward.
Basis of Compromise.
ISpecisi Dispatch totbe Shreveport Times.]
NEw OnLEANs, Sept. 2.-There isto be
an advisiory board to cosbistof two con
servatives amln two republicans, chosen
by the respective State ventral Commit
tees, with Dr. Bonzano ps umpire. This
board is tb appoint all 'registrars throihgh
orit the State to institute a strict over
hanling of registrations alteady made,
and have in future the power of removal
and apolintment of regstrars wherever
isselt. The returning board is "to be
composed of two conservatives, to be re
commeuded by the State Central Conm
mittee and three selected from the pre
sent board-Casanave, Longstreet, An
derson, J. Madison Wells, and A.J. Ken
ner. The registration returns are to be
canvessed and published before the elec
tion is declared, so that fraud in return
ing the votes may be provided against.
Kellogg is to be, recognized as de facto
Governor and his acta to be agreed to.
Intimidation, rioting, &e, to be discour
aged by the counsel and moral influence
Sof both parties. The agreement will be
l ormally drawn up and ratified by Gov
ernor Kellogg, the Republican ttate Com
mittee, Penples' State Committee and
Committeeof Seventy. Six-thirty this
evening is the time fixed.
How is this State to improve in
the present sad prospective condi.
tion of afrsfairs The appropriation
bill passed by the last legislature was
charaetrtesed by Attorney-General
Field, as "and attempt to rob the
State.n The prospect is that the next
legislature will contain a large pro
portion of the thieves in the last one,
anid that they will be elected at the
suggestion sad with the support of
Mr. Kellogg. How ean a better con
ditioni aifairs be hoped for, when,
the same old thieves are in office ? bave
the~ repented, or reformed ? Never
Sit i The jobs that Attorney-Gen
euld Field broke up by an appeal to
timhe conrts will be perfected and car
tied out while the soldiers of the
United States stand under arms to
keep the peace I We ,do not object
to the soldiers, for they are the life
preservers of the State. Yet how
much better and how much easier, it
wouald be to give the people an hon
iest eicnoaipical government,. instead
iof a rile of plnader, and tobbery, and
franud.--la. 8ate Register.
A Fee common to everybody-Coef
i fee.
The State Debt.
Kellogg is a firm believer in tlhe
truth of the adage, that a lie we.ll
stuck to is almost as good as the truth,
and hence he never loses an opportu.
nity of reiterating the falseh,,,,l that
under his wise and benignant adnutn.
istratiou the State debt and taxation
hlav been reduced. He has said,
written and telegraphed it so often,
that it is fair to presume he must hlu.,,
almost come to believe it hilms,.lf,
however much he knew it to be als.,
at the beginning.
In order, therefore, to disalhu~:e his
mind as well as the minds of the ii.
dividuals who may possibly have been
leluded l,y his persistent assertions,
we propose to show, briefly, what t;h!
debt has been from 1861 to 1- 1, in.
elusive, and who are responsible for
its enormous increase.
We do this the more cheerfully as
Kellogg and his Camp street mouth
piece are fond of asserting that the
r)Democrats are largely responsible for
the millions that have been added to
the debt since the war, and that the
Radicals have legislated with a view
to reducing the burdens of the people.
Let us see how the nmatter stands.
In 1861 the State debt was $10.1l7,.
882 12, with a tax of 29 cents on the
$100, to meet the payment of inter
est, and for other expenses. In 186(i
the State debt was $11,182,377 II,
wvith a tax of 37J cents on the ~f10)
this enlbraced two years of military
rule, the remainder of the time being
under lHahn and Wells as governors.
In 1868 the debt increased to $16.8ý.-,
6;82 12; but it must be borne in mind
that of this amount $5,000,0Ix) were
expended for building and repairing
the levees, which had been destroyed
or injured during the war by the
Federal troops, and which it was im
perative to reconstruct at once in or
der to slve the State from inunda
tion.
OIne year only of this period was
under Democratic rule, the remain
ing year the military had entire con
trol. The tax in 1868 was .52~e on the
$100. In 1870, what is known as the
Warmoth (Radical) regime was in
power arnd thie debt leaped up in two
years to the amazing sum of $40,456,
731 40, and the rate of taxation-was
correspondingly increased, being fix
ed at 90c 'on the $100. Would any
other people in the wide world have
remained quiet while terentyl-three and
a half millions of dollars were piled
upon them in tblshape of an addi
tional debt in the -short space of two
years t
Would any of the affluent and more
fortunate States of the Union have
submitted without revolution to this
enormous burden ?
In 1871 the debt was $41,194,473
91, with a tax of 145 cents on the
hundred dollars. In 1872-still under
the Warmoth reign-the bonds issued
previously to the New Orleans, Baton
Rouge and Vicksbhnrg Railroad,
amounting to !6,250,0)0, were an
nulled, and this brought down the
debt to $35,783,00W2 31, hut the tax
of 215 cents on the one hundred dol
lars still remained.
In 1873, under the Kellogg Govern
meni, $591,000 in bonds were issued
to Ray and Ludeling's North Louis
iana Railroad, increasing the debt by
that amount. The rate of taxation
remained the same, 215 cents on the
one hundred dollars.
In the second year of the Kellogg
dynasty (1874) the debt, absolute andt
contingent, is given in the report of
the immaculate Auditor ofr the usur
pation, of Jartftary Ist, page 53, as
$40,779,782 83.
There may be an error in this state
ment of Clinton's of some half milion
or more, and there probably is, as we
have pointed out many glaring errors
umade by this slipshod and unreliable
accountant, but his report is official,
and must be accepted as correct un
til officially proven to be erroneous.
The rate of taxation, after repudia
ting all the old bonds and the whole
of the interest except that accruing
upon the issue of new bonds, is fixed
at 145 cents on the one hundred dol
lars.
Thus, under Mr. Kellogg's boasted
regime, and according to the state
ment of his own anditorial pet, the
debt of the State increased $5,000,
000. The reduction of which he
makes so much ado was nothing more
nor less than a bare-faced attempt to
repudiate the legal bondh and obli
gations of the State for the benefit of
the spurious claims and bonds, the
majority of which were held by him
self and the ring of which he is the
head.-N. O. Bulletin.
The Tribune's Boadside-Grant
Completely Riddled.
New York, Sept. 18.-The Presi
dent's Victory.--Gen. Grant has van
quished the people of Louisian again.
He has telegraphed to his generals
and his admirals, he has set the army
and navy iin motion and the lawful
Government of Lonisiania surrenders.
If there was only donbt before as to
the eharacter of the useurpation which
rules the unhappy State by favor of
the President, any question whether
the people zeally acquiesced in it,
there can be none now. The out
rage stands out henceforth in all its
naked deformity, an unpardonable
crime against popular suffrage and
the sovereignty of a State. A Gov
ernment which the people loathe and
despise was forced upon Louisiana by
the soldiers of the President; left to
themselves for a momoment, the peo
ple threw it offand installed the of:
feicers whom they had regularly choe
sen at the polls. The deposed intru
ders made no fight ; they were as
helpless and cowardly as children in
the presence of Tie indignant people;
but, bwering behind the shutters of
the Custom House they telegraphed
to the President, "the people have
put us out, this is your job, come
yeo and put us back again." Two
years ago Grant yielded to thie bad
advice of his disreputable associates
Sand installed Kellogg at New Orleans