OFFICIAL,
Paper ofthe Parish and City ol \atrhitorlieB
JAS. H. COS ROYE, - - - Editor.
SATURDAY, - - - JU NE 22, 1 78.
llayes' Title. wi
We confess our inability to under
stand latter day deimocracy. It seems mi
to our feeble mind to bte a Iarty of
just enough principle to commuand at- an
tention and without brains or aggres
sion enough to thrive. go
Patriotic Americans took refuige in
the Democratic party becas.e they li1
were sure it was a party of the con
stitution. It is in words, but not in ini
deeds. The confirming of Hlayes'
title by the democracy of the House in,
of Representatives marks the begin
sing of that time of which Junius, pr
Burke and a host of English patriots
warned the British people--"the fatal tei
era of precedent." If Mr. Hayes and ne
his co-conspirators-for we imagine
no man is so besottedly ignorant as in
to suppose Mr. Hayes the receiver of
stolen goods is not as guilty as Sher the
man or Matthews-can, by force and
fraud in 1876, foist upon the Ameri- er,
can people a president notoriously
defeated at the polls, and in violation pe
of the constitution of the United
States, there is no legal power to pre- co
vent mister anylody else from doing ter
the same thing in 1880. Nay; in
fact, the signs of the times portends the
that it will be done, for the radicals
are coaching Grant for just such an is- ye
sue. That this vote "quieting, Hayes'
title" is in opposition to popular sen- tie
timent; that it was anggested by the
same cowardice which seized the lea
leaders of the Democracy in the fa. ite
tal moments of 1876, when they
abandoned Tilden, no one conversant de
with the history of the subject will pri
deny, and it leaves the party to carry
Hayes, fraud and all, instead of mak- in
log the Republicans bear their own
foul offspring. Conkling, Blaine and et
Butler, have already denounced the wa
Democratic doctrine of "quieting a an
fraud," and the masses of America da
stand shocked and disgusted at the
second crime committed by the Dem- Cl,
ocratic leaders against popular liberty La
within two years. in
The "Confederate Brigadiers" are
out in a card sustaining Howard's HE
Lottery. Beauregard and Early in
the roll of "ropers" for a gamblint I
hell is about on a par with Jas. Long- c
street on the 14th September, 1874. ag
The Siminole Indians had a custom tio
which, to our mind, deserves to be hi
rescued from savage hands and prda- tai
ticed by our people. It was, that,
when a "brave," worn out and old, an
became a burden to his family. and b
tribe, a growler and mar.plot, the in,
young backs took him into the woods Imm
and broke his back with a stone. i
If this custom should be utilized, an
Beauregard and Early would be re- p
markably good subjects for broken i
backs, for their condoct and conriie- is
tion in the Louisiana Lottery mgtter
is a burning slhame on ao. whole g
South. r . ;
No Agreement. .,
The New York herald talks strange-in
ly of the "Wormly eenf~rMe~dd e Ia
are prone to believe tlhat an pgree
meat was made at this meeting,.. We
believe it because we don't want to
believe that the Nicholls admlnisth'*
tion, weak, sickning and worthlba as
Sit is, would have ever stooped to con
cilliating Pinchback and James Long- e
street and a host of minor negroes
and scalawag thieves, to say nothing
of compounding Mat Wells and Tom id
Anderson's felonies and putting up a i
job with the Supreme Codrt whireby
they eeape justles; we say, that we
do not want to believe that this: ad
ministration has done aIll- 'thi for'
pore fb'.,,
The Herald is wonling Its friends
deeply by this lame apology.: 'The
denial born is more pointed, than the
other, for the conclusidn is irresista
Sthat, if no bargain was ~nge: a' s d
Nicholls' policy is the reselt of eaked
curMedness, it is a piece of ihfanmy the
like of which was never before heard
of. We cannot but class thi as
weak attempt of the friends of partiesc
* in Louisiana, wlho are in the drag of
Potter's net, to save thiem fo' I
jgtly earned and certaip olitical
eslle. ,
If the Democrattic reioltihoa not to a
disturb Mr. IHayes' tittl, 4ich 'ie'
basn't got, means any tshil,,it is,
that the American peopleare the
most miserable hair splitters' in th i
world. To talk of pnnitaltig lie er
petrators of a frudl ii oiibreath and
then resolve to let ft'eh1 lbctifeary
enjoy all the fruits therqof s a par
adox worthy of Bals . , .
We are in receipt o(, <q,, ansd 2
of the Washington 1edq a will elited
paper published ia WabinglS.o,'St..
atry .i.prish, IA..
as U. S. District Attorney ,or
leartl easblsahed by several eoreb.
Our report closed with Thnrsdays
proceedings of last week. The trials
had from the close of report to Satur- CC
day night, the end of the Jury term, lii
were: A
State vs. N. B. P. Rachal, assault- -
mis-trial.
State vs. L. Dulilho, selling Liquor al
without license-nol. pros. P1
State vs. Green Cummerlander, S'
F mauslaughtcr--guilty.
f State vs. Moses Campbell, resisting w
an officer-continued. hý
State vs. T. E. Stewart, obtaining tl
goods under false pretenses-guilty. ,
State vs. C!has. I)uprey, selling sl
r liquor without license-plead guilty.
State vs. Richard Grinson, inflict- ni
3 ing wound, mayhemi-guilty. ci
1' State vs. Francois ('onyost, sever- c
e ing material-not guilty. w
State vs. M. Brosset, assault--nol. p
pros. tl
s On Saturday the lion. .Jndge sen- «
I tenced the following convicted priso- d,
I ners: o:
e J. J. Woods, manslaughter, 2 years tl
a in penitentiary. 1o
f Edward Pelle, larceny, 1 year in is
the penitentiary. p
I Green Cummerlander, manslaught
er, 15 years in the penitentiary,
' Ben Gant, Robbery, 7 years in the
n penitentiary. ti
1 Ben Gant, shooting with intent to
commit murder, 14 years in the peni- a
p tentiary.
' Walker Johnson, larceny, l year in re
a the penitentiary. na
a David Anthony, Grand Larceny, 7 el
years in the penitentiary.
James Scott, larceny, 18 months in
- the penitentiary.
e Richard Grinson, inflicting wound
B less than mayhem, I year in the pen- f
itentiary. o
7 T. E. Stewart, obtaining goods nn- C
t der false pretenses, ,0 days in parish
I prison. In
SHarrison Williams, lgeueny, 1 year fr
- in the penitentiary. is
1 The Court took up 'the Civil Dock
I et on Monday last, upon which it
was engaged until Wednesday, when "
an adjournment was had until Tues
I day next.
The VINDICATOR returns thanks to
- Clerk Tunnard, and his chief Deputy,
T Laplace, for kind favors and profuse
information.
BEN BUTLER ON HAYES.
He Takes Issue With the "Title
Qtuestion."
iT
g Butler, as an individual member of the si
committee on judiciary, presented his
dissent to the -views of the majority, P
. against reopeping the ;presidential ques- I
i tion, in which he says: "And as to the b
person of the president, whence comes
Sthis, novel doctrine that he is above the t]
- raw ! God forbid that , president of the ti
United States should ever commit a
crime; but if he were to !9 so, is he not e
I, amenable to the law thhrefor ? If he u a
Susurpesthe property ofanother, may benot
be seed in the cohrts 0 And yet, accord
e ing to the thiory of the committee, he (
s may commit the greatest possible act of a
illegality-the usurpation of.his office-
without amenableaess to the judiciiry or
, any other power. I: do moost earnestly
-protest againist any such exqggerations
ofthe office of the pimesid'ent. o' man
Sin the United States, be he high or low.
Sis above the iV, and I deploire the nc
ta tdconldition of the presideney--to
Snahintain which nehalledged, wise and
I[ good men are driven to isuch desperate
reqprte of argamnent. So tfr.ae I under- E
stand the Mexican term nmilitary usnrpa- I
tion is tle Iexican mode of determiningu
:llio is r(gtfil1ly president. The one! I
prefer is tle American mode of determini- f
3- iug that question, reverence for the laws
Sant sisbunisslon to the judiciary tribn
rals. "
SCongress has decided: by a large a
vrote, only 21 being adverse, that
," Hayes' title cannot be disturbed, it
is being the act ofa presiding Congress t
' which this Congress has no right to
" repeal. t
8 If we remember correctly the last
g Congress proclaimed Mr. Tilden prese
Sident after the Electoral Commission
a had decided otherwise.
'Y The upshot of the whole matter
' ,ill be that the Democrats will have
1 to carry Mr. Hayes and his fraudi
' through the canvass of 1880 because
the Republicans will repudiate him.
- i Mr. Lafargue, tbh Editor of the
e Marksville Bulletin, and his beautithl
rnd accoomplished wife spent' a few
dayn with us last week. Our citizenes
d ere glad to form 'the acqtaintance
e of the Editor of the BhmUetir'for (hat
Sjournal has the reputation of being a
people's paper, which it ably susetains.
es Come often, Lafargne, to our old Cre
ole town and stay longer.
a "Ni Sir, not a doilar," but I'll shed
a baftel of saweat for thm emust, Is
the averageanswrer to the ~t~.ftubllcan
to demand fol money for the canvpss
ie from ye ex,oieialp ......
he Jessie Walker, colored, was hang
he At Farmerville, Ugioa priah, on tri
r.r day -4th May Jesief s wujetr ted
nd to Jsus' f etnrr9. HIgs fdse.was
ry even mo~e prof,; thli a. rod.
iFr clring., his csutolt- ot 4tersol fir
ward, thean ay bheguo..iarrbeftbO
) L -congs ~ryp- wde"t k"
bl,aim protest agaisn. mort em.
p( , --4et ,
*iihatt4;ia dr
or-swm:1'eaewMa dMl tbey give Mom.
pe away-n fuelu Ortainly t mos fow
loe W,. CaUla Bryant, the merlcan
Pest, dAla in New York, manly
The llurestigatiot:.
S Shreveport Evening S a:iudmdI.
ls We do ntot llr .'ilcn e that nnly dct
Celit vuoter', u herhti lie he i Denit lcrt
o a ,ptiuhlic.n, wh.oli w hW of e iil
i, ling for the investiation to stop. ;l
And for 1he r-nasoln that. every one, il
nIo nmatter to what pairty i may he
hmg, is interested in preser'vi g the 11
pn ity of thle ballot-,ox. \We have
or already annmounced that we are op- fet
posed to ottacking the title of Hayes. La
er Such is the sentiment of the large ,ir
majority of the Democratic party. co
But what will men think of a man till
tlg who holds aln office to which lie knows oft
he was not elected ? What will men co
think of a party Which allows him to no
ng hold it? With what kind of grace ºn
ty. can slch a party ever again ask the ,
ng support of the American peolple' lf:
ty. Exactly. Aft r the .lth of March tht
et- next, by virtllle of the usual Dl)emo
cratic hlllunderinrg, we will have to tl
er- early ,Mr. Hayes, for by resolution lie
we have solemnily declared our pur- ac
ol. pose to prore Mr. Hayes a fraud, and
then we have solemnly promised to
'n- "allow him to hold" his office. We ti
40- don't see how support can be asked fir
of the American people by a party alt
are that would do this ; yet, thanks to hli
our l)emocratic trimmtn s, the party "o
in is placed in the race with Hayes, a
proven fraud, astride its neck. th
ht- nt
Politics. wI
tho The several members of the Cen- pa
tral Committee of this parish are re- co
to quested, as will be seen by the pro- ,
- ceedings published this week, to call it
together the Democratic voters of their ed
in respective Wards, at suchli time as ll
may be convenient, for the purpose of "f
electing delegates to the parish Con- 111
vention, which will assemble here on ti
in July 20th. '
We trust every Ward will be fully
nd represented on that date, and that a
m- first-class delegations will be sent to as
it
our State, Congressional and District it
in- Conventions.
ish We give bclow the names of the Gt
members of the Central Comnmittee as
tr from the different wards in the par- tl
ish:
k- Members of Central Committee.
it -A
en Ward 2-S. P. Rains.
' 3:-8. E. Russ, W. W. Breazeale. na
s- . 4. IH. Hill, Alex. Somnpayrac. C.
" 5--RW. W. Freenian, Adam Massey. f,
to " i--W. M. Trammell. W. A. Ponder. el
" 7-. W. Turner. N. Singleterry.
ty, " --A. R. Dowden, A. W. Marshall. re
ise " 9-J. B. Morantini, L. Chopin. la
. 10 - c
"'' l-M. Hertzog. su
" 12-A. E. Lemee, T. Haller. it,
We are informed that white im
migration to this parish has been
the steadily on the increase for two years ,j.
ty, past, as it has been ever since the
ics- war. A large amount of land has or
the been opened in the Hill portions0of or
a aS
the the parish while the lwhite popula
the tion of the River sections has increas
no ed to almost, if nolt qluite double, O
Ssince 184;5. We.woulh not be at all
t astonished if the white registration 4
he did not reach 2(00 this year; which p
tof nimbler. we claimed in 1876i, and we i'
believe they were here then, if any
stjy thing like a fair registration had
ots been had.
ow. it
SC- Our Tap Rallroad.
-to
an We are in receipt of a letter from I
r President Wheeloek, of the N . O.a
pa- Pacfic Railroad, in relation to the e
Sproposed tap from this city. Ho ill
n- forms us that he is favorably impress
Sed with the enterprise, so much so,
that he will visit our city shortly for a
the purpose of posting himself fully
rge as to our manner and means of com.
;hat pleting the work.
it In the mean tinie we would suggest a
ress that the public sliould be kept pre- c]
t to pared for Mr. Wheeloek's visit and a
that we extend him a right cordial
last reception.
res- _ _ 5]
ion Potter seem to have "riled" Alex. 1
Stephens to about the same extent
tter that he has scared the radicals. Poor
ave old Aler. Stephens. Let some char
and itably inclined person beg him to
ame close his month.
The Fourth Congressional District
the is marked down for a Radical Con
:Ifl gressman. We will wager a hat, that c
few the Democratic majority from thist
eons District will not be less than 4000.
Uhat The Oonshatta :tilsen says, that
ug a the "Republicans" of thise' District are 1
ins. to hold a Convention at Couslatta, to
. nominate a "Senator to succeed M.
H. Twitchel."
FIrom priva-e inforlation we learn
that ite New 'Orlians delegaisn to
c the Biton Rouge ,Convention ill be I
larsgely in favor of as Constitutional
Convention.
paidsh of Oir6iahiii, hasi lie nsid'Yrtick
d for Presi.nt~fa tj Ceptral Club'of
Sthat Ward, eiW .,al r delighted to
know that Capt. *itapatrick ihas been
thps honored, foir ihe 'etinly de
lIkes it '"No m 'iit o :leigiitfre.
stood firmer for tib pop'oill c !i"
aity pion their rijglhts mor. persitenotly
than ~ ,tbllspt. Fitiupatrick.
,The VI, r ntCT thanks the Holmi
S Cousier for its 'kind expeit-sion of
S'cop0#4a, and we biope ever to con.,
td tine to merit the praise ,oftho~ pa
tr'iotiopeople who follow the able
tead of the t 'urier.
iBen Batler seems to have taken
7i the lead on the Pottqr Commnitte,
* a He has "shyed" several bricks ast the
rican administration which have not been
"dodged."
The Louisiana Settlement.
N.  ). Ilmourii:t 1,t h.) Ro
S l' tra: ti'. t 1:.)ni New York il 'er: ll.
No was (1the LonUis itl question
l ihld 19" allyV WYrnlhtty Cnll'etnf'.
i l l lilt' l i v ' a iLv ly h\V iiiih'v cll wlfettlle ,r
ttlle's. (;it'. ( 'aitll vwas the loig:tiier. il
I:i i nal.,,dy hais so far :a0cu.sdt lil (hi t 1T
thut. I,, ils' last. (1.\ s of February 1itai
1i' hsid,,lt ;l:lnt ,ias ill 'requient c ll
ference with Miajor lBurkct and other
SLouisiana Ientocirats who, at his de- to
e sire. kept him fuilly intformed of the rec
condition of allai,:d in Louisiana front
Stheir point of view, and they had his ,1l
s often repeated a:.-ulance, as your N1
u correspondent knlots, that he would 1
' not chlang the conditionil of mattters
San the State, ,lt woull ireuplse to reI
e ognize either Pa:clka id or Nichollls,
leaving the matter to ho settled by
h the new administtration in the way in
which his own full informnation had
convilnced hint it mttlist he settled, Iby
o the withdrawal of thle troops, which
S11he knew woild result in the suprein
acy of Gov. Nicholls.
d &.EN. GRANT's SHARE.
o Gen. Grant's honorable lhare in all
e thost, transactiotis is but little known.
The following dispatches, now for the
d first time made public, shows that the tei
Y absolute weakness of Packard and t'ti
o his inability to nmaintain himself with- e1
out Federal help mere known to Gen.
Grant early in January, not only hby r
a Packard's own collfessioills, a:s seen il
these dispatches, hut by the testiino- Ch
ny of Republican Senators, all of
whom assured him that unless lie at
once used the army and the Federal
power for Packard lie muiist fall. Of rp
course these app)eals and confessiols
Swere kept very secrt et, but i t was on 0 y
them that CGen. Grant haseldh is opni- eft
1 ion of the situation, which lie utter
ir ed whiien in iFebruary he openly said
Sthat lthe American lpeople were tired
,f of seeing a State government exist
oinly by the help of the army, and
that if Mri'. Packard conhil not mail)i
U tail himself witlhouit the helpl of the
Federal government lie must full.
S'TIHE ItlSPAT('IIES. VA
I The followillg series olf dispatches Mr
Ssiuflicieltly showed Piresident Grant
t Palckard's weakness inl Jinuary, and ,
it will be seen by the replies which ry
eile senit to thie, onie llof them fro tlll
e Gen. Grant himself, that so far baclk ,e
e as that time lie had iad upli his wind ill
that if Packalrd could not stand alone ('",
lie must fall. an,
NEW ORLEANS, Janiuary 6, 1877. ,ait
Attorney Generiil 'Taft : t
The leadin DeI)mocratic organ in
ian ellitorial this evening heade;d "The
Crices Upon lis--.W ill We Submit ?" aIe
c* favors a rebellion. The judges elect- o~r
r. ed on the Demnocratic ticket are not fro
recognized by prominieit Democratic st
lawyers. The situatiolln is hourly be- of
coiinig more alarminig, and something
must ble done iimmediiately to prevent
it. Answer quick.
PITKIN, Marshal.
1AP'I'EA. TO WVET ANt OTHERS.
ni New O:I.I:ANS, Januar'y S. 177.
1 .1. R. 11est, \\ashington 1). C.:
' Try and get the President to ree
t ogniie iour governi'nent. It's our ill
of only hopl-e.
' i . _ I 1. P. IKAlR7 _ ,
New t)lleains, January 5, 177. 14
0O. Pi. Morton, W\ashiingtoiil, D. C.'
I1 If tile l'resi'eiit adheres to his r10
ported polil'y to reilcogiize iieithier ill
Sgovernnieient, the Nichlioll side will I
,i possess the whlole city andi elilire State
e in forty-eight hIours.
iaAntEIGA, 04 L.ESI III, HowE WI
and othelts.
New Orleans, January , 1Pt77. it
Senators Sherina, and Morton. WVash
ington D. C.:
I am of the conviction that ift' the i
President does not ol)ol recogniize the i
legally elected gocernmlntt in Louisi Ti
ant, it will prove fatal to our inter- li
to ests in this State.
.TIHE ANSWERRS.
o, lerte are the answers to these
or appeils:
Washihgton, D. C., January 7, 1577.
Pitkin, United States Mlarshial;
Your dispatches received and the i
Governor's to the IPresident. Evidence
t of election and organization Republi
e- can Legistature has not been fur- i
ad nished, nor has actual domestic vio-i
al lencea gainst State atnthorites been
shown to jastify a proclamation which
met precede the President's order to
suppaess insnerection or domestic vio
x. lence by the military. I know both
t Legislatures claim to be legal and
have addressed the President. i
or A. ATFT, Attorney Gueneral.
Washington, D. C. January 7, 1877.
Gov. Kellogg :
I am constrained to decline your re
qust for the aid of troops to inaugur
ice ate the new State government to- ti
n- morrow. To do so would be to re
tat cognize one of two rival governments
his for the State, executive and legislr
tive, at the very time when a com
mittee of each honuse of Congress is in
he State Capital of Louisiana inves
at igating all the facts concerning the
ire late election, at which each of the
to contestants claim tohave been legal
ly elected. All the troops cin be call
ed upon to do is to suppress violence
if any shoild take place, and leave
couistitnitiodll authority the means to
trn settle which is the rightful Governtor
to and'whicli the legal Legislatnure. This
be done,tlh troopsImay be made to nI;
hold the righitful government in the
al State if called upon in the spirit and
mefainigb'f the constitultion.
: U. S. GRAr.
TO) GEN. AUGUR.
ick'
Washington, D. C. January 9, 1877
of
Gto qeteral Auigu
" Telegrill received here from mair
en shal at New Orleans, stating that ui
e- authorized are4 bodies of nlen ae
nre. architi! the treets and tliieatening
. the pri¢!ce. rF tlhiasbe so itform
thle leaders that they must desist
under 'lpain of coming in cotnflict with
the United States government, sue
tained 'lytie military. :ut flthis or
ma derdles ,oot reeognize.either' side, re
df pmember. Telegraph the situation.
on ' S. D. CAMERON,
- -. Secretary of War.
pa These dispatches and.others of la
tr date, which have already beln
peblished, suliciently show that
there.was no need of a bargiio or ir
Ien rangement, and that the L nieiana
te, question rl'aslQt , al itent setd
a by OeD. ,GAotrt 9on )i coolaiinQf
Packard to him that he was tvweaki
eento sustain himself without the help o
SFedera troops
NEW A I V I,'lF'IS IEENT1S .
ROOMS PAIuSHi EX 'r \ I : (',.1 ilI -' i.
Na;tlhilc h'l s, I ,..'
Jne lfth, ltbA.
In .,ir anht w:1 , ith ] ,lsoluti tic :lho1pt
eed it i," :uh .tinug ,f thu 1 l;Irish Ixet'nt
tihv' ',in1nist,+" 1,'1 Sa. inr, l:IC -l t. 1ith
inst.. a 4l'onvtllt1iu 1l c11 the l)uiu'uu:uti:ict
larti of Ihis Ip rish i i hir, ,, ' all., t'r
sa.lrday,.Inly 20l, ItT ,
to whih :1ll the 1'+1 s 11' til. p rish are
f'lith finlti d cilll ,the (c nu l (itc i  ll t
,relel,,geIte te e I:.hi .,l teetil s o.u t rthe ! i. '1i.
e.Ie fti I ,eju. T e I I pn  '.'i t ,f i t '1geti e w I 4
eretisend. "(ill be ilrw fo ll , oi ",
\Vnt ? I t,,
Totale to Schioo fliret4rs.
h I u lers of Ithe ehonl (l'lnlt e
IWe replrestec ti to 1iIte thie iIttlvral .n'ti'iiet 4r1
SrMtnedlt tho etlt of Juily.
o.ut a . A. ONIDER.
fiose o vnherish de h 'atchi 'hes (,rel ih llt.
respond. y
M. J. A'I'PNINDERAM.
.Anne 12-2i. President.
VEGETINE
IS RECOMMENDED BY ALL
Physicians.
VAI.LEY S'rr.AM, QUEEnsi C(o., Lox;. IsLANI, N
Mr II. R. Stevens:
Dear Sir.-I t:akt lit, pleasure'' of writting you
ia s all erltifleate i:olleer'i lng, VegP tie pI eptli'.
* [i Vyrol. I have been a stferer with the
S)Dyslep'sia for lver forty years, and hive haid
the it hronic Diarthaea fiGr over sipnmonths, and
have l-ied nlmtst every tlhing : wa;s givenll p to
die, and did not exprct-t to live from day to day.
and til PhysicVian outil touch my base. I sawr
your" Vegatine rteconendled o cure Ilyspepsin.
I ellllllune'ied using it, and I continelldll doing so,
and amllll now wll woa11 Vuan and retstored to per
flect health. All who areP nalfo'rted witll this ter
able desehnsle. I would kindly reelommnlld to try
it for the benefit of their health, and it is ex
cellent as a blood purifier
By Dr. T. i. Forbes, iM. D. for
fIfs. WM. H. FORBES.
ViEF.wnTINE.-When the blood becomnes lifeless
and stagnant, either from change of weather or
oflimnate, want of exercise. irregular diet, or
t from111 ay other cause. the Veiretine will renew
blood, carry off the putrid humors, cleanse tihe
stomlach, r'tegulate the bowles. and iwpart a tone
of vigor to tile whole body
VEGETINE
For Cancers and
CANCEROUS HUMORS.
The Doctor's Certificate.
READ IT.
.\.hley, Washington C'o.. Ill.. .fan 14, 1, 7,' .
r M. II. l. Sthv'I4l :
Dear Sir,- -This is to certify that I h1:1 hIu
sllnl rillt frnu a Rosel ('ancer tlI hny l'ight (:I-reast
whiciih greW lvery rnpidly. anud ill Ili flriends
had 1ivt'ln mie up to di', when llI h leard of your
llt't- icine. \'eetine, rt commnt uded for (.ant 'er
:shud 'alll'cerous lllllatOr's. I outllllll'llt'n d to taklie
it. and .oun founld nselif heginni tIo Ifeel het4
ter: rey health land spirit butll felt the lntlighn
' intliclle which it excitedd and iun II tiw tuonths
frloi the ti lt I commenli1l .lI the use of ' the ' g'.
tile, thle (',tuser camle out almiost bodily.
( CARRIE DIE.FORRES'T.
I certify that I am llpersonally acquainted
w oith Mrs. Ih lortrest, antl considr eie' r olne of
our very heat womenl. )1. SD .. . LOWERS.
A ct. uttE.S Als TlE l .noll.l.--lf Vegetite will
relieves pain. hle:n.,.,Jl purify, all enle such dis.
enses, resttoritn tlhe l4:hlie4 t to perfect't health
Sal'hfte tryilt dif rset plhysirians. wally remtedies,
suilering for x an"s, is It not co'clnsive proof. it
yotI are to suti .41 , 'you4 '1 II ' e l'e l red \ih
e is tlli nl,.litine i tlrih.rlnin such great lenres(
II works ill lth blood, in lith circulating hlitdi.
It can Itiruly t b, allt.4 l l th .reat lil d i l 'rithr.
The great source o.1' ldi"seast originate iu tihel'
blood :and nt incdicn, Ihat does nut set. dirt'.
iv upon it. h pttrit' l l '1 'renovate'. har ally ,just
c liui til l Ih i tt: 14414c111111th.
VEGETINE
I regard it as a valuable
, FAMILY MEICINE.
Jan. I 1th.
[ . R11 Stevens, Es.:
0 Dear Sir- - take ple:sure in saying. that I have
used the Vegeti4e ill my fainily with good I'e
1 silts., and It halve knowl of s ral s e'al so1 N of r'e
markablle enre et'fctet4d by it- I rol4gard it as a
valuble fanlily medicine. Truly yours,
REV\'. WM. McD)ONALD.
The Rev. W. W . l)ttonnld is well known
through the United States an a minister in the
M. E. Church.
- TlottsRtýs St'EAtK.-.--VYegtine is acknowledg
b ed and reco melnded by phlysiei..as an1d alpoth
emarries to be the baI' purifier anld cleanser of
d the blood yet disticovered, :and thousands speak
in its praise who have been rnstured to health.
7. VEGETINE.
The M. D'a have it.
Mr. 1. S Stevens :
Dear Sir.... I have sold Vegetile for a long
time, and lind it gi ves amost excilent satisfaction.
S. R. DE PRIEST., Druggist,
tIazleton, Ind.
VECETINE.
1-
in PREPARED IBY
i, I. R.STEVENS, BOSTON, IA S.
Ve Vcgetine is Sold by All Druggists.
NOW'S YOUR CHANCE!
r 3r. G. M-oses,
The Celebrated News Orleasis Artist,
e REMAIN8 BUT A FEW WEEKS.
The most exquniMite
Atnhrotypes, Gems,
Ferrotypes, Porcelaintypes,
Ivoryvtypes, PhotQgraphs,
Chromo Photographs,
Microscopic do.
Life Size, do,
In every style of the art.
- We narnntee onr work ennal in execn
e tion and finish to the best Photographic
g Establishment in the United States.
it 1846 Established in 1846
B, & C. MOSES,
Of New Orleans.
JAMES C. MOISE,
Of Natchitoches.
L- Portraits Painted or'Retonched.
,t A full assortment of Frames and
r- Mountings. a
" Prices lower than in New Orleans.
S'LACOST'8 HALL,
" Front Street, Natchitoehes, La.
June 1, 1878.
TO ADVRITSERS
Greo. F. Roweil & CA's
SELECT LIST
- OF
LOCAL NIEWSPAPERS,
.M ,n \ p,1 .,.,, ,-  l ,.,-, tlhi< li-t to eu,
'oeulns,,,,I ,,f (']]E.\I'. Iot--p 'ricel n"" ,- t
!,,I, +,.z .. T h,' I', i , it ,tll,'t inw . ,
T hlt" Ient;ll o"!-I( ,t It ex,;,"t,11 w h:tt th'
pa 'rg J 'e Whlei, t1i ii?' it :1 oive
l4 .,ll. t 14.;e \V1 l II 04 lpt +i,;, i, :I iii' TPrI
:. pi :t'r i 'n i lLl, " I .i 'A. " ' 'E T :1 1' I - i- ,
isr imNOt" ,,1 .. ; I I l . A:< t tll i1n h 1
il :,'., \'hl riutI 11:' t fo p'.1(PI' \l it is
the Oi LY f4 I. ::I n " I'"4 Ii t t!- l:wte. W (3 I5 a
1mIt'he rell l orll 1t1 itt cf t i"14 neitherfo tihe 7
s. t 111' 111' "t V 'l : t ', h t1 it 2 1ilitI lt''V :1
li s ei\,'.le t? tM' l. ollftion I 2" o .iever town
:lndl the. :i ,le;ic ,t i tn of it ev 1,r . IT
I, N 1T A '( ) (O 'l,'.' IVE TI A T'1'. IT
IS NOT A c('ITE.P nI.T~1i'. At the, fot. I
HCN ST I IST. Th, rate, .hlred lr
(, eirli l . :itre 1h:n', l e-tilth the llth
lishers' scht(dh,. C The lrit ftir onm inch
tbot weelk in the entire list is 63i7,
The refun' r:tes of the Ii lp's for the
13 are issued oDAILY and RAR WEEK
,Y. Ther are. loeted in A2. difl'r.ent
cities and hio\fns. of whlich .>'2 are State
Capitals. :12-1 ºIn'es of over :;,011) popll
I14tio. anl 44St1 ( t Orleas. 1, L.snt
on :ltp li(,ntin. A,,lhir1'I,, (;1:11. 1'. ROW -
E.,I, & ('O'" NE1WSPAPElU Al)V1"El
'IRII ITRltEAlt. 10 llre St., (Prin:t.
Airil tt e,) N. Y.
ilne 'º2-4.
illb"N M. TUC'KER,
MaTiitratln W:i,'rd 1.
,t. Denis Shreet, : : "athliloches, Lo.
PIOIMPT attention given to all blsiness
entr.tIll to his care.
;," Claims collelted at .umall cost.
R!"fers to the Bar Generally.
.Janl .i'78-1 "
Diseases of the EYE and EAR.
OC(ULIST AND AURIST.
142 ('anal St. New Orleans, La.
Hour' from 9:30 to 3::;0.
April 20.-tf.
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS, "
SHERIFF'S SALE.
A. B. Soltpayrac for Use of J. W. Cock
erhanm transferee vs. D. H. Boullt, Jr.
Y virtn1 of a writ of alias Fi. Fa. in Pa
Sthe above entitled and numl)ored
suit and to ute directed, I have seized
and will otTer for sale to the last and
highest bidder at the door of the Coumt
House in the city and parish of Natclhto
chites, on
atuhrday!, the 20 day of ,July, 1878, s
the following describld property, to-wit : at
A lcl:iiii Iieri or parclel of laniid situa- i
ted in the lparish otf Natchitoches. hein; 1i
the east hall of inorth east qlrtter of the Sit
olrth east quarter of southl east qluarter, th
and KnItih clast tllarler of south east ghats- r
11 to l of ba0Of101l 4, coldn inini hi11 Plr'! (,',
also 3 .1 acres ofi the ihti1 i.ca lu alfI ti
r of north east quarter ansd north east inl
r qnarter otf ScuthI east, qluarterl' of said sec- tw
thli 4, beiing excess in said tract over the cle
area locatd lby virtue of Military Land lht
Warrant No. 7:.9.11, also the north east be
l. larter of north east fractional qunarter to
of section 9, containingi 2. 7;-1001 acres, 9,
also 2 7(i-jI0) acres olf said south east
l qualter of sectition 4, Ieing excess in said re:
tr cet over the area localld by virtue of co
11 Military Laud Wlarrant No. 87,8?6, in fa- an
. vor of Wale'ot A. Strong : the whole of dr
8i said tract of laind hing sitnatedl in towni
sdip No, ,', lnorth of rangel' 6, west, and ai
t containling the aggreiigate quantity of UI
1093 80-100 acres inure or less, together 35
with all the buildings andl improve.
r Ilicets thereon, it Ibeing the same acqluir- vi
ed by tlho vendor friom lll;,i.t L, .i IaCk
son, on the 90h day of August, 1875, as It,
per private act of sale duly Recorded in MI
the Recorder's office of this parish. t,
Terms of Sale. th
Cash-with the benefit of appraisemneut. lo
A. P. BREDA,
June 15.- Coronuer, ex-otlicic Sheriff. at
SUCCESSION SALE. lo
I SuNccession of AMaric Louise Leras 1li
seur, deed.
a O` Y virtue of an orlder of the flol. the 7C
Parish Courtlt in and for the parish
of Natchitoches, and to me addressedt. I
rn will sell to the last and the highest bid
lie der at the door of thlie Court House in
the City and Parish of Natlchitoches, oiln
lo1ednesda#, the 17th day of July, 1878,
ik the fllowing descrilbed property belong
ing to the minor J. Lestau Langlois.
A certain lot of gronnd situated in the K
Town of Canllptc, in this parish, contain
ing four acres, more or less, bounded
lnortlh by lands of'.losnoh llenry, south
by lands of Wiil. Levy, east by land of T
heirs of Jules Conde west by land of
Mg I. and L. Perot, and E. L. Hart. bh
Terms of Sale.
Cash, slubject to appraisenment. C
D. IIH. BOULLT, Ja. N
June 15.-tds. Sheriff.
SUCCESSION SALE.
Succession. offesoltan rudhomme dec'd. of
S. ) Y virtue of nll olrder from the ion. it
It Judge of the Parish Court of Natch- ,I
itoches parish, to ime directed, I will offer fr
at public sale to the highest bidder ai c
l o'clock, M., at the door of the Court H
Hlouse in this parish, oni
Saturday, July (ith, 1878, C
the following tescribed tracts of land be
lolgiig to said Succession, to-wit:
A certain parcel or tract of land, situ
atetd in the parish of Grant, ibeginninig at
a point onil the Sotlhern boulndary of
section (8) eight, township (8) eight.
range (6) six; west of the Antoine Pru
elhotnmme claim, now known as the 81l
livan tract, sixteell 36-100 chains west
from the south cast cornelr of said claimn
or tract, thence south on section line,
being part of the western boundary of
Ssection (75) seventy-five, Lestai Pr'ru
dc dhonue tract seventy-two 65-100 chtains ;
thence west to a point on the Rigolet de
BonL Dieu, known as "the Break;'0 thence
4l up the said river to the south west cor
ner of sectioi (8) eight, township tS()
eight, range (6) six wert, known former
ly as the Anttoine Prudhottine claim, but
now knowhil as the Sullivman tract ; thence I
along saidtl southern hotdtlary to the'
plce of beginning.
A certain parcel or tract of land boulnd
ed as follows: From the Pecan tree on
the river bank of the Rigolet de Bon
Dieut, below the Gin House, north 34 ,
md east to north, west corner of south west
quarter of south west fractional quarter
of sectioln (7). seven towllship (8) eight,
*S range (5) west; thence east to Western
boundary of the Anguste Langlois claim,
Terms Iand Conditiollns of Sale.
For the said let tract, fifteen hundred
dollars cash, and for the balance of the
St
Ii IIt ...... 1 11.t i ; " ' f tnortuf
s . 1 1 'ti ;b l lt 1h ti er half
:1i11. 4 111 It li 1:1 : .I lh.l l 80,1 J perch.
blii..e i i.r.- ll '"'iV t: f sale.
l"or tll," ::u ii t, ih",, Irl h'tl.e l dollars
V3.h. 1'- '1 ir 11h4' hilaiwe ot plrch
p I , eI Io :1 lii lit o f ,i t,. I .lar from lt ut t
if :lte wi h i p,,r t('lI inih rest t abº,'
I1'll I u se ii, ,!111,' II 'I(' ialII II1121] Prjihi ss ml-l.,
,.,r's ipriVil.;r all,, .l ,.ilal ii rllltgat ei.
t:Ii111.41 on tIhe 1;1,l, albVsl, alt, with t-'
tai ns O f li li ull iinn lo to the * lr e
of thIe vlllr: liurchawers ofa,i
to x,'eIlte Ihieir twelve i lioiltha' lh.nd
I t t 1 h 1. i e .it llri-e. with good security.
s-lih Ins lilld o havei full force and eff'
i . t welve month. boitl' ds taken in ."
IllelI I lits of lieri .faciar, and the col.
lot .01 it 1ii'l botids to be enforced in
II- uiii lilial t'' as twelve month'
hia, l,, takiO i iln 1t liordaltee with articles
7Js 1IIl ;U of the Code (of Practice.
I'. S. PILI)IIOJMME
.Jlii1 1. - lds. Admuinistrator.
11ERI1'F'S SALE.
i'; Jl ev le.iK ildy & Co. vs.. J.P. Broadwell'
li triit C('ourt l'Parish of Orleans,
No, \iii.
O) virtle f it a writ of Fi. Fa.. issued in
1 ) tlhe ilove ntiiltl d i unit.,l
suit adil ulm dir.'etld. I have seied
;ild will otn',' for salh to the last and
hi hest idll.er :11at the llreazeale planta.
li2on, Nitiated ill the Jiriiih of Natchit.
They., WoW ,Cenilie1d iby .I. P. Broadwell
fill
SttuI'rdal, the tllh dclay of July, 18g,
the foilloiwing ,descrilbidll property, to-wit i
(-11) f'ort,-tiinur head of hMules.
(7) Seven hliand oif I lor'es.
(_it) 'IT'wli'ty head iof Mares and Colt,
(25) Twenty-Iive head of Sheep,
(9) Nine head of Hogs.
(2tI) Twenty head ot' Cattle.
(7) Sevein yoke of Oxen.
(:150U,) Thiirty live hundredl bushels of
(Cornl, loire (or 1hs.
( I I) Eleven Wagitins.
(2) Two Carts.
(t0;1) Sixty P'lows.
)ine lot [ odder.
One lot Hoes.
I 1e1 lhliggy ianid hllniess.
(One lot lHoiusliehold and Kitchen F'ur..
tiit i:e.
(,ile lot Blacksmith's and Carpenter's
tools.
One lot ,of )ry Goods. Groceries and
Hardware.
Twenhty thousand feet of lumber, more
orIll' les5.
'Th'1' lease of the Brezeale Plantat~i1,
foir iand during the year 1178; all the
Iooks, assets aind apper'tenalices belong.
ilng to tihe store.
Terms of Sale.
CASH-with the benefit of appraie.
filt'liT
D. H. IOULLT, TJa.,
Sliheriiff, Parish of Natchitoches.
,Aun I.-tds.
SHERIFF'S SALE,
1 Paynne. I)enoranlt & Co., vs. J. P. Broad.
I well.
1 District Cou('rt. Parish of Orleans,
t No. 3061(1.
Y virtue of a writ ofFi. Fa. issued in
the above entitled and numbedl
suit, and to IIe directed, I have sesed
and1 will offe'r for sale to the last Sad
lighest bidder at the Prie A.nI Clerts
I pl it : it atio . ill
Saturili'y, the Gthi daiiy qf July, 111,
, the fo]low ing deserihbtd pruoiperty,toerit:
A certain plalt;itiou know' a ie
'"Pre Auix Cl'res planitation," ciuni.+lw
i the rirght baink of lied Rliver deecendng,
t in tl e Pairish of "Natlihitoches, abont($)
tvwci22y iiil~s aliohve the city oftNatchti
e hies, hounded above by lands uow..i
(1 lai.y lbilonging to E. L. Hyams, i
t below byi lands ioW or lately belongig
r to Il i. (h'lappe, an22 contlinuit U
S 9,-1i 1 ac1eC.
t Auother tract or lparcel of land in h
Sreoar of. and itt:ncieil to said plantatiba
'f coinainiig ( 1it b7-10t) one hundred
12a1d thiriy-foiir 2'-1ll0 acres as per pgla
,f drawn byI' Thomas lhnter, II. 8. Depoa;
rSut'veyoi', houndliled on the north wes tby
h tlids now or lately beloiging to E. L!
if lyanis, and on 2the west by section Ne,
IT 35, in township 11 of range 9.
' Aiiother tract of land heiig the andi.
r- vihhd lall',f ;, irat ,if' id hi ll ectios.
- 1. . in township 11 of range 9 fr
i5 iirly o iwneil liy 11. L. lBennett and 5
. M!. Ilyains, contaiiiing two hundred aid
twentty-iiiie 51-llt0 acres, bounded on
the north eiist b lhind now or latelybr.
t longing to Iheiijaiin Grapppe, east by
Lion No. 36, iii township II, of range,
and Cli the south ly section No.2, twi
ship lo, of range 9, west.
-Another tract or parcel of land
lot No. 2, 1illd the east half of the
west qularter of section No. 2. in tor
ship No. 10, north of range No.09, w
clntahning one hundred and fourtai
S7-100 acres.
Ii Te''ms of Sale:
i. Ca(Xsh-with the benefitofitppraleebltet
II D. II. BOiULLT, Jr.
li SheriIf, Parish of Natchitoches
g, ,Jul 1 tds
" Sheriff's Sale.
ie Keyser & McKenna, vs. Parish of Nateli.
Ii- tuches.
!h District Court-No. 7902.
f B Y VIRTUE of a writ of Fieri FPais
of issued inuthe above entitled andea*"
bered suit and to tiie dii'ected I Ise
seized and will otter for sale to tll! lit
and highest bidder at the door of til
Court House in the city and Parish €
Natchitoches on
Saturday tihe 6th day of July;, 1874
thi following described property, to :
Forty thousands (40,000)'bricks,
or less, siind1 and cement forming ji
c constituting the brick pavement esitr
i. inig from a ioint opposite the corueih
h- Masonic hall, on Second street to and l
er Irlnlit aiid tironld the Conrt House to th
iitxeie South West corner of the
rt honsi.
Termns of Sale :
Cash-with the betilit of appraiisel
e- Jttalt~i . II BOULLT,4J
e- Junde -tds. D l IILTt.L
at Sherirs Sale
of J. W. Cockerhamn vs. M. H. Car3.
District Court--No 8213.
I- )Y VIITUE of writ of seisure
st l) rale in the above entitled aud 3
inm bered suit and to Ile di'ected,
e" seized and will offer for sale to th
ot and highest hidder 't the door 4 F
iu- Court Hiouse in the City and pii
SNatchitoches, on
ic Saturday the 20th (lay ofJMul 11
or. -i
(r the following deseiibed propertYt t
.r. A certain lot of ground sitUa d i
ut town of Natchiticlies, on Froti
ee having a frout of F5 feet on said eigbt
the with a (lebth of two hilndred 2Di
live teet, being the same pID,
d. quired from the stccesesion of VIC
a rand on the 19th day of Janudry
Ion said lot of ground being bonldi
2_t by property of Mrs. Clara Lapls ge,
estby property of T. Lacost, E bagd j
'ter street, together with al the. salld
'tt a2d inmprove.mlents thereon or
ern wise appert4ailnig.
nm. Terrns of Sale : ,
CASH, with the beunfit of ag i
red D.UI.BO0170
the Jane 15-tds.