Another Act of the Natchito
ches Radicals. rat
DIABOLICAL AN IN IIU1MAN an
OUTRAGE !! fill
",IE BI'RNING OF A GIN HOUSE cII
AND STABLE WITH THEIR EN- II
TIRE CONTENTS!! vi
lan
bnendiaries of the Iradical party;
irreaktnlg ven!lcence upon colored 414
Deaocratel roters. thi
LET sIHE1IDAN PUT THIS IN HIS "OUT- of
RAGE" REPORT!
The Gin house and Stable of Mr. st"
Richard Flemming, on Red river, were tile
entirely distreyed by fire on the night tra
of the 15th inst., and their entire con- late,
tents, consisting of twenty-three bales foi
of cotton and six mules, totally ex
destroyed. Eleven bales of the cot- xti
ton belonged to the Revels, two lend- ful
ing colored citizens of ward 3, of our tia
parish, who broke with the Boullt- fey
M[yers party on the formation of the ab:
Black League last Spring, and have ailt
since been untiring in their efforts to til
assist the good people in the over- in
throw of the villains who have plun- me
dered, not only us, but the colored ph
people of this parish for the past six L
years without mercy. Van Dusen, de
the hero (1) of the Colfax raid of 1874, thi
and the fligly immigrant of H. C. i
Myers, endeavored tointimidate these Re
and other colored men in that sec- I
tion, and in fact, became on over- bil
bearing to them as to force the citi- alt
zens into an assistance of the colored Bt
opponents of the Van Dusen party. c
Threats have been made against the de
Revels by negroes for some time past Ct
but little attention has been paid to ty
their muttering, but alas! we can see n'
bow very much they have imblped the
teachings of Boullt to "lay waste our to
entire parish." In one moment is th
swept from' two worthy colored men v
the hard earnings of a season, an1, ti
the only support of their families-nd- di
ring the coming year; Mr. Flem p
ming's loss is as serious, as this is his ti
all, and the destruction of six finei
mules, leaves him totally unable to tf
support a large family, by his farm. ti
The incendiary Radicals had as meek c
animosity against Flemming as the
Revels', for he was nme of the leading g
opposers to th6 Boulkt gang in tba1t v
section of country,. and no doubt the 1
cries of his wife and children for
bread, will be sweet music to the ears a
~~ Blunt, 1Myers, and their vile assoi i
ilates, but we know that there will C
be a debt to pay that "will aake all
things even" in the end-a debot which
they will acknowledge a "dear one I
for the music." Let the "Bandit seek
er," Phil. Sheridan, order up his forces
and investigate this outrage, and see.
ift he can find any "White Leaguer
to blame. Something must be done to
protect our citizens against just suel
contingencies as this, .nd long ago
we advocated) the formation of con- 1
mittees of public safety, by cur lead-. I
ing onservatlIe citiszes, for tlle
coarts of Louisianah bar6or ten yea.a
been powerless to suqer our .people I
from the a $ , th robber Q the
iasendiary. 'Jet as do something at,
once, atid 4 sterio dismaple made of
these oatlaws against the public good,
will at Iaeoipdb· aeil to futod~ in
friDgments.
• Thembninof tits Gin and: Stable,
mrakes thbe' tFid act of the Riidicals
of fiispai~ifbtb desaroy tdi'p perty
of thosmie who oppose thoci, within: the
pt four mouths, and promapt action
is required.
packet under coqimprl of J. C. Mit.
hliel, let no rofti by water, untried,
to reach oar city ..last week. She
aeme up the "drinktl' to Clontierville
when the bars put.a stop to furtlier
advance. .2e smae fate met her ef-.
forts on oui Isa lank;i and althougi
beates Ia hI& attempts this trip we
4,ure tdhat Ot.pL MfitclheR lli
WiRugtne aure. Tbat worthy
gs tl~& .I R obifp4plrac to)
kmsm ntguc of 4b Vln'dhlCtrr
'Tr T Basa le, hat Qauuqesofl. -
..et, pias'rus uader renewed eoblina
tkn.I prs A: 4pto tl icty oN
t*ai bqhshe every·em nfot la stud
EeA $y that prnaeoiatead rvea' Capi
,tthpad' The pollis:Sid ttellaCib
tlhorite, George Hamilton, does-the
old iea d TemDow D . . ,
AptJ.Jn BlenD, ot the Pe Nopl
•*4ta -pony, has p h is d th*
erE3 trade. Th.14ih boat, alnd
we bege the old Captal willae sle
'im %ogesabps~ e d episdi, l o
The Chicago 2ribdule, the leading iFil
radical paper in the West, thus sums
u1p Mr. Kellogg's Returning 'Board,
and if the radicals in Louisiana ean
find any comfort in it, they arl wel- I
colile :
But that portion of the Sub-Com
mittee's report which sims up the
evidence before it exhibits a most
laieiintaible conidition of things in1
Louisiana. In regard to the general
conditioli of busilless and society ill
that u1nha1111py3 State, they find that Co
G.ov. Kello.g is vested w ith a degree.
of wr "'scarcely exercisedl by any
sovereign in the world," that the
Swant of lptpar conlidence in his
Ii,.manltie trlud" of a (Govwernorshill is b
so general that it "is Iamccollpanliied by F
the paralyzation of business and des
traction of value"; that houses and fair
stores in New Orleans "are to be hadl '
for taxes" ; and that "taxation has a
been carried almost literally to the
extent of confiscation." The claim
that Kellogg has reduced the debt by ea i
funding it at 60 cents (which was par- at
tial repudiation) is met by the asser- 8
tion that the arbitrary r-owers con- isI
ferred upon the Funding Board eC- Tit
abled it to admit $6,000,000 of fraud- pe
ulent debt, thus increasing the obliga
tious of the people, to pay money they
did tot owe under pretense of reliev
ing them from obligations to pay
money which they did owe.. Tlie de- qui
plorable condition of the people of io
Louisiana, politically and commercial- go
ly, has never heen more strikingly I
described than it is in the report of
this Sub-Committee.
Coming to the examination of the
Returning Board's action, the Comn- i5
mittee find that it wis "arbitrary,
unjust, and illegal; and that this ar
bitrary, unjust, and illegal action
alone prevented the return by the "'
Board of a majority of Conservatives at
members to the Lower House." This a
conclusion is reached from the evi
dence which was taken before the
Committee, who examined over nine.
ty-five witnesses, and elicited testi
mony which fills more than 1,500
printed pages. The original returns te
gave the Conservatives a majority of t(
twenty-nine out of Ill members, and
the Sub-Committee say that there di
wan, on the whole, "a free, fall, fair,
and peaceable election and registra
tion," and that "there was %o evi
dence of any intimidation of voters
practiced on the day of election." Yet
the returning Board, not examining
the returns in parishes where there
was a protest until after the unpro
tested parishes were counted in, re
turned an equal number of Republi
cans and Democrats as elected, leav
ing five vacancies undetermined for
the House to fill. The Committee
give samples of the pretexts on which
t votes were thrown out. In Bapides I
'Parish, three Conservatives were
elected aid their election was not
Sncontested. At the very. last sesion
4 of tile Returning Board, witioit ogiv- F
1. ing the Democratic counsel time to
I coutradict the statements, an affida
vit of ex-Gov. Madison Wells, tihe
President of the Returning Board,
h was introduced ; it set forth that there I
me had Ibeen intimnidatioaiu certain parts
. lof tli parish, and so the three Repub- I
licans were declared elected I " The
SCongressional Committee has evi
'8 dence before themn showing that ex
SGov. Wells was not i tIe parish at
all on the day of election, and no
otl.er evidence of intimidation could
be found. In the Parish of DeSoto,
ao Conservative was elected by over
- 1,000 nimajority, but the Board refused
jto count the votes. The Election law
Sprovides that the Supervisor shall
make the returns. In this ease tihe
supervisor braught them to New Or
o leans and gave them to a woman of
m bad character who offered to' sell
them for $1,000. Thie Conservatives
caused the duplicate returns, filed' in
Sthe Secretary of State's office accord
a, Ing to law, to be produced before tIhe
- Board, together with the t!ly-,heets,
polii$es,'etc. Tlhse confirmed the
Conservative majority, but the Board
e, refused to recognize them. Thus a
Kellogg official was enabled to un
y seat a Conservatire elected by a
Sthousand majority by his individual
violation of the Eleetion law. Other
Sinstances of the same procedure were
foundl in other parishes, duly detailed
in the roport, in towhich the same-vil
te lainy huad been practiced.~" The law
it. is such, therefore, that the officials
d, appointed by thie Governor, together
he with the Returning Board, also ap
ointed by the Governor, may at any
time defeit tihe Qpposition, no matter
ierl wlat majority of the votes it- may
,f have polled.
It is only fair to-state that the Kel
logg faction in New Orleans have
teleigraphed to' the President, and
ll ciased to be promulgated throughout
the eonatry, that- thie Congressional
Sub-Committee heard only one ;side
of the.case; amid that they adjourned
Ill adleft New Orleans bfore the other
i side could get in heir evidence. In
e( fairsnes it mustbo .stated that
u theob-CCommitteedistinctly declare
that "They reeeived all the testimony
e that was offered, and -in addition
th ey .rcelived ill the testimony that
was:,thien on ialdd in4 New (r~lras,
. offered by either party, as t~aiethe soa
dition of affairs in otlher parts of the
SState? The relatlons'of e-iv over
" orWell toWard the -ouptie ttee also
ot appear to cointrovert thi6 'present
c. claim of the Kellogg faction. He was
repeatedly invited to appear before
Sthe Committee; but declined.' After
i the Committee had adjourned, he of
ib fered to make a deposition; the Com
m mfttee theni reconvened to 'reelve
his testimon, but Ihe aa: idelaed
Sto come efore them. They also:gave
.!' bim the privilege of giving his evi
ta decbee before a United States Com
*' missioner ; bat this he likewise re
fused to do.
SCiapt. Matt L. Scorvall, clerk of the
[ BRTRLYa, telegraph that lboat for-a
e down trip about Sunday or Monday.
- .....
h8aihcrib to the VINDICATOIR,
Fiilancial, LonlCerciall alld liicr t ws.
CIOTT"'ON sTATEMINT.
On h;id l:,st report ........ 37 ble
]ucccivud during week ........13 "
Total receipts...... 'J3O0 "
MARK'1'r QUOTATIONS.
(Tt should l, rinm inhered our quot'
tiii s .r,,fo l'lrotn lots,, at lr.etail, higher
prices will have to be paid.)
Correcte'd Weekly by Carver & Taylor.
C'otton ................................11 i, 13c.
Ilith's, dr\ . ........................... I:1;' --.i
lhidh ,s. ,tdry, ....... ..............".....;i ', t;c
i;.o,.--'fht murk't is in limited sp;plydv
Clh.ar sihs are quotdl at lec; ahiould~'r at 13c:
ireakIlst bacon :at 19c.
Fo,:u.-Is in goodl supply with fair demand.
W teqlIte XX at Zb 50; low XX X 7 00Il7 25 a1nd
good XXX it d 75; Choice XXX at J9 50; choice
family ml 15.
I'oui.--None in the market.
lA(It.;.-In fair supply. demand fair, Ilemnp
au4indjate at 19; per yard. No IIndia in market.
L.auit.--In light supply with good demnlud. In
tierces 2)c; in kegs 22.
ll. ts.-Are in light supply and demand limit
ed Canvassed are iquoted "a 20c.
S I.Tr.--In gootd supply. Liverpool enarse sells
at $2 25 per sack. iane 15"i25e higher.
SIEI Gu(lAIen.--uone but 1ye in miarket which
is quoted at $1 75 per bushel.
IRON 'TIEs.-The Imarket Is in good anpply.
The arrow is held at t1 and the button at Itc.
per pomudlll.
MOl.\assa;.-Searce. Cloiose TLuisiana is be
ing sold at--: prime at 9',t. lper gallon. By t he
kele 8$ (tih 9 511
fo.u. O()n-Is in good supply and is held at
50c, per gallon.
TonlAcco.--Supplv good. Good mnediumn is
quoted at 65c. and line bright at 90' .$1 2 per
potllud.
Corl.--TIhe supplY tI limited and demandl
good. Prime at 25 and choice at -
lRcy,.-No Carolina in market. Louisiana is
held at 12ec. per pound.
Coax.--l in gotd supply but no demand.
SoAr.--Extra olive bar 10c.
Su~iatn-Louisiantaprinme is quoted at ;- yel.
low clarifild a 121c; crushed and powdered '
15!.
WHIsKr.-White and Red Pro held at 1 5:)
per gallon; Bourbon commands f5 6 ,0 per gal
SnorT.--T in goo supply with fair demand and
sold at 12 75 ner sack and bank shot at $1.
PIowlytE.-Tlhe supply is limited and is held
Iat 5te. plr pound.
NEW AI)VERTISEMEYT'.
BUIST'S CARDEN SEED.
JUST RECEIVED direct from the grow
er, a full supply of the above celebra
ted seed, onion sets, and early rose pota
toes.
BIuist's Garden Manuals for gratuitous
distribution at
Jan 9-tf. TRICHErL & AIREY
CITY HO TEL!
Corner C.MP anid GIAVIER Streets,
NEW ORLEANS, LA.
11UMFORD and WATSON, Proprietors.
Dec. 5-tf
City billiard Saloon.
(LACOsrE BUILwXO, Front Street)
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
A. KAFFIE, Proprietor.
THIS house is opened for the reception I
of guests, and being the best fur
nished and finished Hall with more con- f
veniences, it is the resort of the elite of
the City.
A fine Bar is attached to the Billiard
Parlors, where the best and inrest tof
Wines and Liquors, and the choicest Ci
gals can be obtained.
Lunech furnished at all hours 'for a
reasonabli'charge. Free Lunch every
day from 11 A. u., to 2 P. N.
Jan. 2.-ly.
PLEASANT HILL
MALE AND FESIALE SCHOOL.
T HE next session of this school will
commence on the eleventh day of
January, and close on the first day of
July, 1875,
TERMS
Primary Classes per month $3.00
Classes commencing Latin, Geome
try, Algebra, Rhetoric or Phi
losophy 4.00
Classes, in Caesar, Virgil. Greek,
Trigonometry or Surveying 5.00
Board to be had in good families at
reasonable rates. Any one wishing
more definite information, will address
J. W. FOSTER, A. M.
Jan. 2-1m. Principal.
C. C. CHAPLIN. T. P. CHAPLIN.
CHAPLIN & CHAPLIN.
Attorneys and Counselors at Law.
St. Denis St., Natchitoches, La.
'TILL practice in the courts of Rap
VI ides, Grant, Winn, Sabine, DeSoto,
Red River and Natchitoeches, and the
Supreme Court of the State.
Claims promptly attended. to in any
part of theTiJnon. . Jan 2-ly
J. W. SUDDATH. JOHNCHAMBERS
SUIDATH & CHAMBERS.
Forwarding, Receiving
-AND
Commission Merchants,
GRAND Ecoma, LA.
-dealers in
DRY GOODS, aROCERIEs, HARDWARE,
CUTLERY, &c.
And a full and complete stock of,general
merchandisejnuited to the wants of the
country trade.
Consignments of cotton and merchan
dize for shipment solicited and prompt
ly attended to.
Oct. 24-ly.
W EEKLY Friday Packet
For Grand Ecore, Montgomery, Mouth of Cane
Itveri Aleaprf, Nomaa's Bar
nlla's and all ay landings
on Red River,
The Al and very light draught
passenger steamer
SEMINOLE.
J. C..MrrIcau, Master. JAS. L. Robins, Slerk.
T EAVES New Orleans every Tuesday at 5 P.
>r t ., arrirvip atG audoeore every .Frida
at 1) >. The iemlatla wlllbe replaced by a larg.
er boat when navigation permits.
Will make elose connection at the Falls du
ri.g extreme low water with the light draught
steamer Ida Leon. Passengers can be assured
that they will be put throngh witbont deten
tion and shippers will bear in mind that freight
wIli be prolaptly delivered as in high water
time.
For freight oerpeasmge apply on beard or to
: .THAREIsr Agant.
L .'._rt'tI. l1, I)IiETucI. __.
Caspari & Dietrickh,
(SLacoste Building)
FRONT St., NATCHITOCHES, La.
GRAND opening of a NEW MAMMIOTHI
FALL and WINTER STOCK,
d.iect from the New Orleans and Eastern mahr.
klets, consisting in part of
DRY GOODS, ex
CLOTHING,
TM
IIATS, an
onl
BOOTS, tK
SIIOES, are
GROCERIES, rll
CROCKERY, E
IIARD
WARE, &e., &e.
LADIES AND GENTS'
FURNISHING GOODS. to
- In fact, ea
A'full line of GOODT for the country trade
All of which they are selling at less than NEW wl
ORLEANS PRICES
FOR CASH.
Call and examin the the largest and most com.
Spletestock ever brought to this market, and -
satisfy yourselves as to their prices..
E~ Highest price paid for Cotton and coun
I" try produce, in ch or merchandise.
Dec. 5--ly.
HENRY GENIUS,
" Worker in Tin, Copper and
SHEET IRON. t
Corner FRONT & TRUDEAU STS.,
NATCIIITOCHES, LA.
to
ti
II
Also, constantly on hand all kinds of
HEATING AND COOKING STOVES a
of the most improved patterns. p
All my stoves sold at city price and f
guaranteed to be as represented. Lib
eral advantages offered to the trade. p
Also, a fine stock of Tinware, Metallie t
,n Roofing, &c. t
r- Gutters and pipes promptly and care- t
fully repaired. c
HENRY GENIUS, t
rd
4 Corner Front and Trudeau Sts.,
Natchitoches, La.
Jan. 17, 1874.--Iv.
Sinnott's Line.
- Falland WiVnter Arrapgemnet.
For Grand Ecore, Montgomery, Alenadria
Plieville, Norman's, Burbin's,
Fort DeRsuuy,
of And All W1ay Landings,
of The A I Magnifilcent and fast
running side-wheel passenger
paeket
BART ABLEI
DICE MINanT, Master.
TT. J. DowI, )Clerks.
.00 "TILL leave New Orleans every.Saturday at
IV 5 P. K., ritnrnlug leaves Graneed Ecore
00 every Tuesday a; 13 x., and Alexandria every 1
at Wednesday at Is3. 1
The ateamer *
will leave New Orleans for Greand Eeore and in.
termuediate landings every Saturday at 5 rt. i.
The steamer
S . W. tL.TA2ZaT .
IN. will leave New Orleans for Grand o'ore and in.
termediate landings every Tuesday at5 ,. K.
This arranugenment will continue until high
water permits the BAlrT AnLt to reasume her re
Sgular trips, of which due notice will be given.
For freight or passage apply on board or to
JUI.ESE. MG8I, Agent
PRIVATE BOARDING HOUSE,
1he -BY
S F. M1. HARTMAN,
Sign, "The Travelers' Rest."
Trudeau Street, NATCHITOCHES, La.
BOARD fareished by the single m~eal, day
)week or month. hates as low as the lowest
and fare the beat the market affords.
Deu.5-.3m.
,Important Notice.
S UB9C RIBERS to the GRAND Econs
7 AND NEW OtlLEAxS PEOrLE's LINE
PAcKur COMPANY, are hereby notified
E, that the first Instalment of the amount
subseanbed (25 per cent on each share) is
now due. They are respecfully invi
rel ted to come forward and settle at'once
the their indebtetdness.
- By order of the Directors,
an- L. DUPLEIX,
pt- Nov. 28.-tf. Agent.
llploymaent-Men.
women and agents, we have just what
you need Our Ox1 Mounted Chrotaos
n outsell anything in the market. Mr, Per
sous write: "'I struck out jryesterday, and
by working easy four hours, cleared $7."
A lady has just reported her profits for
the forenoon as $5; yesterdaiy up to 2
ght o'clock she cleared 97 50. We can prove
beyond question that one agent ordered
5, 100 of these chromos in eleven work
erk ing days. We have the largest and finest
aseortment in the United State.; hun
dreds of choice subjects from which to
a select. We will send yonun asseorted 100
of the best selling free of charge on re
I d- ceipts of $6 50, Send in your orders or
,i giveuas a ealL Samnples bymail 25e., or
ten 12 for S.
asht BONTON FRAME AND CHROMO CO.
rater
292 Washington St., Boston, Mass.
t. P.O. Box 2662.
WEEKLY ENQUIRER, OW)
A Paper for the People, a Friend of tkhe
innercr and Industrial Classes,
A BIEAUTIFUL 1
NEW CHROMO ,
ENTITII.Il C, t
"Perry's Victory!" ! l
(Gcinl, o every 4 "2 00 &Sbscriber.
This picture repr,ents Ctom. Oliver II. Per
ry lII the act of passing from one ship to another
ill a small open bioat. durin:g the heat of battle,
exepised to the fire of the eltemncy.
It Measures 16 by .2?- Inches,
Is artistianlly finished in thirteern eolrs aml iq
nlldonbtedly the most dE.sirable ehroino ever
offered as a premilum. Single coepie offis sell ai
I I0)0. We have at a great nltav ,secnred the
exclusive c'ontrol and sale of it. andl tlhereti.fo
are enabled to present it to our pat rons as above. ]
The PNQ;IR .tit lil stands proe eninet as , Ii
first class Newspaper. lIt various eleplrtmouts
allotted to
Editorials, Ihunmorous,
Agriculture, Poetry, "A
Correspondence, Telegraphlle
And General News.
All give evidenre of the care i'd pains taken thl
to supply it l readers with all the news nlld a i t
variety of readingltiat h aencciit fail to interest
each alll every menlbe- tf the houaehold. Sih. HIl)
acribe thirolugh oill" agents or srld direllet to ius. 111t1
We desire an aglint at every Post Office. amd tai
where none are ~et app'intedl, let some of our u ti
friends apply for the agency.
Addrens rs
FAIIAN & McLEAN, Publishers, ci.
CINCINNA'TI, O. al
--to
s A. o"
oil
illli
WEEKLY AND DAILY FOR 175 '
The approach of the Presidential elec- tin
tion gives nunuual importance to the pº10
events and developments of IS7i. We of i
shall endeiivor to describe theta fully, at
faithfuily, nadl fearlessly. me
TIHE WEEKLY SUN has now attain- All
ed a circulalion of over seventy thou- a f
sand copies. Its readers are fuiud in va
overy State :and Territory, and its qu.ali- in,
ty is well known to the public. We lupl
shall not only endeavor to keep it fully ijut
up to the old stanudard, but to improve ico
and add to its variety aild power. thi
THE WEEKLY SUN will continue to e1l
he a thorough newspaper. All the news 1'1
of the day will be found iu it, condens- clh
ed when unimportant, at full length vo
whenl of mnolent, and always, we trust, tin
treated in a clear, interesting and in- si
structive ianUer, its
It is oar aim to make the Weekly Sun be
the best tafaily newspaper in the world.
It will be full ot entertaining and alp- nu
propriate reading of every sort, but will or
print nothing to offend the most scrupn.- D
ons and delicate taste. It will always it
contain the most interesting stories and re'
rouances of the day, carefully selected is
and legibly printed. * at
The Agricultural Department is a or
prominent feature in the Weekly Sun, w
and its articles will always be found A
fresh and useful to the farmer. pl
The number of men independent in at
politica Is iereasinlg, and the Weekly 81
E Sun is their paper especially. It belongs at
to no party, :and obeys no dictation, con- ti
tending for principle, and for the election sa
of the best Inme. It exposes the corrullp
tion that disgraces the country and s
threatens the overthrow of republican ai
institutions. It has no fear of knaves, P1
and seeks no favors from their support-,. t
em. i tl
The markets of every kind and the P
fashions are regularly reported in its lt
colulmns. 1
The price of the WEEKLY SUN is one u
dollar a year for a sheet of eight pages, C
and fifty-six columuns. As this barely SI
pays expenses of paper and priutiug, we A
are not able to make alcy discount or al- P
low any ilremiumi to friends who may ti
miake special efforts to extend its circula. ti
tion. Inder the new law, whieh re- I
quires payment of jrestage in advance,
occe dollar a year, with twenty cents the
cost of prepaid postate added, is the rate
of subscription. It is not necessary to a
got up a club in order to have the Week- a
ly 8nh at this rate. Any one who seuds a
oie dollar and twenty cents will get the
paper, post-paid, for a year.
We ihave no traveling agents, a
STHE WEEKLY SUN.-Eight pages, r
fifty-six columns.. Only $1:0 a year, ic
postage prepaid. No discouut from this a
rlle. n
THE DAILY SUN,-A large four-page c
Snewspaper of twenty-eight ooluics d
Daily circulation over 120 000. All the A
news for 2 cents. Sulscriptiou, postage t
prepaid 55 cents a month, or $6 5r) a year. a
To cluhs of 10 or over, a discount of 20
per cent. Address.
b "TIlE SUN," New York City.
The Saturday Evening Post.
The Oldest and Best Story Paper Pub'
lnihed.
S Founded August-4, A. D. 1821. I
For more than half a eutitry the f
Saturday Evening Poest has been the
GREAT LITERARY WVEEKLY
of the Country, and has ever borne a
widespread aad unblemished reputation
v for the unsnrpasled purity, refinement I
and excellence of the Serials, Sketches I
and iliscellaneous reading matter.
It is pre-eminently
The Best Family Paper
a that is published in' this conntry, from its
,E Iever containing anything that would
4 offend the feeliungs of any one, either in
at a religious or political sense, or that
is could not he read at any fireside without
i- objection front the most fastidious&
s Tlhe circinlation of the atturday Even
ing Post, through not quite so large
pIerhaps, as its younger contemporaies
as not, like that of sine of them, luctu
ating, and too often short-lived, but
SUgh, SOLID AND SUBSTANTIALI
* based upon the intrinsie merit of the pa
At per.itself and not iependent on ainy ex
os traneous infinecces, such as thi populari
r- ty of individual writers, &e.,
Gd ood, however, as the Saturday Even
." ing Post has been in the iast, itj s our
or intention to make it still bette4r i the
2 future, acd with this oleet i ltIew we
ve will e'feot a marked inmprovement in eve
ed ry departmenet o the paper, and will
k- call th our assistance writers of adndttd
ct ability aul known reputation.
n- By increasing its former attractions,
to and adding many Judicious and pleas
00 ing novelties, by studying how to please
e- and cultivarte tile popular taste, by in
or creasing industry and enterprise, and by
or enlarged facilities, we hope to make new
friends wit h each and every issue, alcd
cO. continue to maintain .the claim of the
Saturday Evening Post to its title of TiE
S OLDtST AND THE BEST Of Family Story
Planr.
ITormr s to >ubscrber. :
On*c year 1 copy ?;.0t0 Ol.u, :!1
" ý. copi+`s +1u0(J Tw.. 1 [n.nt: ", ,
" 4 copies 11.(+0T 'br(e ,,.
" 9 copies 20.00 ]our ino I 0:)
T1 JIv on 0t' +'lih! 1)?n for a ('1,,h j
9-, h :alditiilh ('t 1Yy i:ll h/ Se F!.,' .
Sp,,ei nI1 n co' p ) T ,ies ci lll s e otnl 1111 tl:1p!
ention. 7We1mlv Tr,,v1i' 1'wt'.
All colluut .nie iiton 1 ist Ihe nc .,!r :,;,: ,
R. J. C. ` .,'" iJ E!', !'ropic:,tr,
7;7 Walu,. 'Steet,
Frospce r. for! k7;--Eizhlh Yl .1r
TIIE ART JOii,\.\l, , IF A'1ElIhCA,
18,UI lI I YTiILY.
S"A ..lagnifiecut (Comnc'eti n, ,wo,'erfui'y
carri4'I ont1,."
Tile necessity of .a l4opl':;;r l:,',dIi+?u tir
the reiº'tic ulitatio, of the p1uiictiI'
our great artists, has :tl.v;:ii I
nized, and Iuinny :lllt'ti·a vlV!:t h rave i,
iliadel; to ilete . tth, wanit. Th," :1 ' ". ,
tfailures wiich sou i c,'r:ili. I,:d cth
ettemptil in this conliiry to : t:) ,h1h ;;.1
art journal, did not i:,e t'a iiu:r
ence of the pi osI, of Am1Eli.'a to
claims of high art. 'o s umo, as at Iree
appreciation of the wa:ut .!; a hi
to meet it were shivtL n, ; .L pli at.
once rallied with enthusi-t: a to its sup
lnort, and the result wasnt a g r:at arlk i, i,
and eonmmerial triumtllch-TlE - Ai: .11Nii
TIlE ALDINE, w\hic is::d with ail t
regularity. has o11411 i 0 h, 1i . :',. -
timely interest cha] actri t i ., i li.ir "
periodiean s. It is al ("c h i :'l t t1i 'ctl, ,.L +
of putr', light and gracet 11. lira ;rc ; ,l t
a collection tofl pic1 res, til' rIrest ._.1 i
mens of artistic skill. iun lack a;d v 1,t,.
Although each suceceliung ttauter 1" :
a fresh pl.easure to i.s lridis, h1 wia
value and ht'auty of the Ai pme,.: willt h,
most appreciated after it I:;,' 'itn i.ea .
ip at the close of the yearl . While oi0 lst
journaiils lltlva laim suIh lllior it'halp';itwie. as
compared with1 ri rals of it ti:;ilar c tIasa,.
the AhI)1NE is a nliqule and ori.uialt onl
eeption--ilonile anllt unlalep'!to'u - :i.;.
]utely withont competitioll i,: pri, o0,
character. The pitoScssort of a l(".irnlit
volumte cannot dupliate the quantit!y :"
ti14e paper and eigraviags it ,1.y a,',.
shape or uler ofvolma fln t' el titles
its cost ; and then, there is the Chrlimo
besides!
National feature,"'of: THLE' AIDINE
must be taken in nio arrow stns,. ,'..t u
art is cosmoplolita. While TilE AL
DINE is a strictly American ii. iitutiotl,
it does lnot confine itselfntir', .ly to the
reproduction of native art. Its niissio
is to cultivate a broad al:d apler,.eciat'iV
art taste, one that will discriminate ,only
on grounds of intrinsic merit. T'I',
while placing before the. patrons of T` li,
ALDINE, as a leading characteritic, thi u
prloductions of the most noted Americiatl
arttis ion will always be, gien to
r specimens froem' foreign" mtasters, giving
subscribers all the pleasure and iustruc
tion obtainable from home or tfhe:ga
sources.
The artistic illusrattimo of Anmeriean
scenery, original with TIlE ALDi NE, iP
an important feature, anld i,,:; agniticet.
plates are of a size more appropriate to
the satisfactory treatment of details
than can be afforded by any intferior
a page. The judicious I interspersion lto
. landscape, marine, figure, and animal
subjects, sustain an uunabated interest,
e impossible where the scope of the work
confines the artist too closely to a single
style of subject. The literature of TilE
ALDINE is a light and graterl accentom
paniment, worthy of the artistic fel,
tures, with only such technical disqrisi
tions as do not interfere with the popue
Slar interest of thltwork.
Premium for 1875.
e Every subscriber for 1875 will receive
as beautiful portrait, in oil colors, of the
same noble dog whose picture in a for
a mer issue attracted so aluch attention,
(( "MAN'S UNSELFISH FRIEX l '
will be a welcome in every home. Eve
rybody loves such a dog, and the portrait
h is executed so true to the life, that it
aseems the veritable presence of the uani
mal itself. The Rev. T. Do Witt Tal
s mage tellsa that his own Newtoundlaud
dog (the flnent in Broklwn, barks at it !
e Although so natural, no oe who sI.4.
e this premiunl chrome will have thu
r. slightest tiar of being bitten. \
0 Besides the chromine, .every advantei
salcriher to THIE ALDIN fo"r 1875 is
ionstittedl a mIenblr, and entitled to
all the privileges of
THE'ALDINE ART UNION.
The Union owns the originals of all
THE ALDINE pictures, which, with
other paintings and engravings, are to
be distributed among thi meimbers. To
every series of 5.0C0 subscribers, 100 di
uo ferent pieces, valued at over $2,50 a0e
distributed as son as the series is flit!,
aiid the awards of each series as med<.
are to ho Ipblished in the next succeed
a ing issue of THE ALDINE. This t,.a
o ture only applies to subscribers who pay
it for one year in advance. Full partiuu
Slars in circular~sent on applicatzon en
closing a stamp.
TERMS:
b One 8&sk'riptiom, entitling to THE
Id ALDID E one year, the Cl'ronw
Un and the Art Udion,
at $0,00 per annum, in advanoe.
;. No charge for postage.
ge Specimen Copies of THE ALDINE, 50 cts.
The ALDINE will hereafter be obts inalole
only by subscription. There will be 'tie
reduced or club rate; cash fir subserip
tions must besent to the publishers direct,
or handed to the leal canvasser, without
' responsibility to the publlsberl, only in
cases where the certificate is given, bear
t ing the fac-eimile aiguature of James
" Sutton, President
r CAIrVASSERS WANTED.-Any person who
e wishes to act permanently as a local can
e as vaser. will receive full and prompt in
ill ormation by applying to
5i8 Maiden Lane, NEW YOPK
O. Sýhairath,
Boot and Shoe Maker.
CHALLENGES the world for neatuss
and durability of work. Satisfactio,
in lit and material guar3 iate.d
Sholl on I. Dfiuis St.
June ~0-1l.