t t rcutntion of .ituy
A l P per Is the State.
SCe5;='Z=-'~-pa -
s of Subscription.
.yearr .... .. . . . 1 50
o . ion taken for less than 6
sbcit
p 1
'ti I A
~!~~~p-j'i'j"'y N i;\VS.
11otC(%9C ºcI Bray, IN'".. of'
pa80 prish, is h Itc uhrz"
folr the `VIN )('ATI)I; il1 Ver niio u ar
Idp all eontravts iieIvIii
0 0: .1 r a t i fie d a 1a Cd a tr i r l o uit l w t.I Il
E. F. presele} "ud J I. Cal hlwI, are
,,tepa'or Sabin)'.c
0=IjCAL GLEN INfCS.
Cotton is down flat. t
Bnsiness is too dull to comnplain of. 1
The Railroad is still in contemiplation.
le feel assnre' that it wol t fil.
Washington street isal'og still. Can't
something be done to "full "I tiocs
boles.
The Ladies'supper on Monday night
ert, bids fair to be a grand success. All
IM invited to attend.
litr.McClnnalban, Editor of the Sabine (
kw, Hemp Hill Texas, paid us a flying .
jitdaring the week.
The weather continls( to he of the all
ots, (old-thon cooler andl now bright
aS saunshine.
Ssoon as we' work pill' our stock of
,paper now on hand we will enlarge
,Mlseven column 21x36 papler.
FlaI wagons at reduced prices I
4 g Cook & Bro.
,,C. J. Smith, who has breen confinedº
wbirbed for the last ten days, is, we are
-sudtosay, improving.
Csruiver recedes slowly, while Old
hreceived a severe check at Ful
Ark., in tho shape of a six foot rise
Ismustand it lhere.
Dro of fine mules are coming in to
pIrty and there seems to lie a large
jlber of buyers notwithstanding the
wcity of money.
GotoMcCook & Bro. for plantii
je mupplies, &c.
Capt. Pick Sinnott is a man whom none
tsceed in generosity. He presentced
bladies with two lhandsome cakes for
tkir supper, and $25 in money as his do
ation, Good for Capt Dick !
Magiptles will consult their inter
ats liysving the Blanks necessary for
theirbusiness printed at this office. We
can do it at i very small advance over
the cost f the paper.
MoCook & Bro. is still receiving a
fall line of all styles of goods at low
a prices and to suit thime times.
Mr. H. Reymann, Clhemnist and Apothe
y,has ettabllished a first class Drug
p at the old Wakefield stand on
let atreet, where he will I he pleasedl to
aMet his estomers at all hours. Ile sells
ly for cash and therefore (chealp.
Ds't forget the Grand Entertainment
Mblven by the Catholic ladies of the
,d Society," on the 4th of March, for
hs neilt of the Church and Grave
Pl. Entrance free; Supper 50 cts.
Positively No Dancing!
SACKS Texas Rust Proof Oats
e! just received at McCook & Bro
The Jewish Times quotes from the Tel-
pls: "The notorious dark-eyed little
Ws Georgie Lee was again arraigned
Justice Bixhy," &e., and retorts as
: "And about the same time the
.ons blue-eyed little Christian, Ow
urphy, stole $40,000 from tile ex
efflee and absconded.
Ju.ggies and Wngons for sale at re
prices at McCook & Bro.
*bdee is a certain Saloontin this town
boys in their teens do nightly con
We have made arrangements to
phe names of the boys who frequent
place, which we intend to publish,
ir parents may know where they
hen missed from home at night.
farmers are all very busy at this
preparing for their coming crop.
en shall it be cotton in large
at eight cents per pound, a
smoke house and empty corn crib;
ofbread and meat, fat stock
Pear "cotton clear money V'
fall line of all grade goods at re
prices at McCook & Bro.
I line of steamers, although
with "Independents" still con
iTOw in popularity with ship
'~The unterrifted Captain Wood, of
l1e, which boat was lately snag
suna, has bought a new and
stern wheel freight carrier and
her in the New Orleans and
trade.
"Why will men amoke com
IiU when they can buy Mar
B'eal of Kortl& Carolina,' at
1" Feb 9 '78-ly.
first quarterly Confer
1st Church for 1878, at
*be held on the 9th and
3878, instead of the 17th
formally advertised. Rev.
, Presiding Elder will bein
and will remain everal days
and vicinity
T. J. IOUGI!, Pastor.
Able came to our wharf at 3
Tuesday morning, and after
a large freight got off about
Every state-room was enga
an. The Bart Able went
asnd passed down again
diff adent style and
0 'a Cao~k &e Bro.
Our old friend uncle Mac, as the boys
familiarly call him, reports the Hlootttoot
crop large in quantity, but owing to the
cold weather they are small in size, t
while the coon bacon he has put up this
winter is a caution. The country is per
fectly iafe 'tilj blackberry time-with a t
larder full of hlootatoots and roon Nicolt.
Prof. Tice notes the following as the t
probable weather result for the week en
ding March 9th : 3d to 7th, (cloudy anltI
threatening, with heavy rain or snowfallsIt
and very severe storms in places; 9th and
9th, clear or fair, and if heavy st ornis
have occurred, cold. 'I'The warinest day
in the week will he the 4th; the colhdst,
7th.
'[lhe issue of l1e Vixmc.ie ron has hetn
hdeyed for the' past two vweeks 1ntil late
on Satirdav evening. We have h+d a
rush of pjlt work. Which with gt!itti iti
our new machinery and p t-p'arations to
enll:tig' cotulmithitel have teen the cans'' of
del:tv. We are getting straiglituied outt t
however, and hope to be proptttl in fnt- s
tire as inll the past. t
'iThe Ma:rdi (;Gras festivities of New Or
leans and Shreveport will draw nlarge
crowds from all parts. New Orleans lar- t
tieulh.rly, clai ning visitors from all parts
of the world. Several of our :citizens
have saved up enough during the past
year and have' gone down to splend it in c
sight-seeing and board bills.
W. II. 'I'urnnard. Clerk of the DTistrict
t
('ourt furnishesus with the following list t
of mamrriage licenses issued firo, hIis of
tice dnring the week :
Alphouse Raphael to Lizzie Edwards.
F'. M. Simmonnos '' rs. Jane Moss.
Lotis Phillips " Laura Calvin.
('lenitent Fonteniot t' Susan Morris.
.J. L. Hall " L. V. Marshall.
Willie C. irry M antassas Walker
To Our Friends in Sabine.
We p'articularly reqtiest all those who
sulbscribed to the \ViNDsCAr (R through
our agent, la:tely in Sabine parish, to for
ward and show their receipts to MIr. J. 11.
('aliwell at Many, antd upon notiet ftromi I
hiin the VlINt.ATORr will Ibe sent for the
fuill t iue paid tfor. All contracts milade by
ottr agent, fort' Job work, slubscriptions or t
advertisinig will be fully carried out by
us, as we intend to allow no man the
disgutst of Ibteing duped but ourselves.
A Correction.-The VrsorIc.'rto sel
doi niakes mistakes, and never dlo we 1
do niel iiijustice no matter what our per
sonal feelings against themin may be.
Botllt exhibited to us receipts from the
parties owning jtndgmnents Nos. 776, 7787, I
7751, and 777, for the amounts they claim
ed and stated to us had not been paid
tlihem.
We make this correction iecause the
facts are otherwise than we stated last
week, the parties owning those jnudge
ments mtisinforming us, and we do not I
wish to do an injustice to any man, how
ever miuch he may deserve denunciation
for othiier sins.
Requited Generosity.
We gave way to our usual semi-annual
generous feeling last month and took in
a printer as we thought, but as it turned
out lie toouk us in. One Richlard E. Lee,
(so-called) applied to us in New Orleans
last June for a situation. We at that
time had no work for him. lie seemed a
very pleasant intelligent young man and
had certainly a thorough knowledge of
his business. Last montli he droppeti in
on tis at HIomne anid, although we really
haid no tise ftr iitm we titted him out at
considerable expense, for a canvassing
cour. lie teint to Sabine parish and dit
ring an abiseitce there of twenty days coit
ducted htitnself in suicih a manner as to
disgrace himself and seriously injure our
paper. Wehave h not seen hint to talk
business since ihe left here for the trip,
but we ire fully assured lie has departed
to uinktiown realms leaving us a sadder,
-. wiser and poorer man by-well we can't
tell how much, until all his receipts conim
I in, hut we count up about one hundred
dollars.
This Richard E. Lee claims to be a res
ident tndl native of Mississippi; he is
abott 30 years of age; 5 feet 9 or 10 inch
es high ; weighs about 135i pounds; light
complexion, light hair, prominent teeth,
n no beard, but a thundering big nose; andi
he can talk a person to death in an hour.
0 Any of our brethren of the press who
t have been duped in a like manner can
1, show their sympathy for us by giving
y this notice, or a terse compendium of it,
an insertion-those Editors who are to9
a 1 poor or too mean to indulge in the Inxu
. ry of "taking in strangers" and being in
a return taken in, will please give Richard
a E. Lee a (nIl shot, in orderto elevate the
,; standing of the craft, and show up a
k printer who is a better thief than all else.
Consumption Cnred.-An old physi
. cian, retired from practice, having had
1ilaced in his hands by an East India
missionary the formula of a simple vege
table remedy, for the speedy and perma
nent cure of consumption, bronchitis,
eatarrh, asthma, and all throat and lung
ETfections, also a positive and radical
cure for nervous debility and all nervous
i complaints, tufter having tested its won
derful curative powers in thousands of
cases, has felt it his duty to make it
known to his suffering fellows. Actua
' ted by this motive, and a desire to re
' lieve human suffering, I will send, free
it of charge, to all who desire it, this re
cipe in German, French, or English,
- with full directions for preparing and
t using. Sent by mail by addressing with
I stamp, naming this paper, W. W. Slerar
b 126 Powers' Block, Rochester, N. Y.
n You Do Us Proud.
(Markeville Bulletin.)
The Natchitoches Yindicator will
shortly be issued from a power press.
3 Such evidences of prosperity bespeake
ir the appreciation of the people of
It Natchitoches for the gallant and pat
~- riotic courae of our friend -Coegrove
It as a citizen and a journalist. The
Vindicator is a power in tjis State,
nd the utterances of our chihalric
Cfrend have a point and a meaning in
d them. Tbe BULLETIN tenders its
good waiies to the Vindicator.
"Nigger In the Wood Pile."
-(Old Hng.
We have had occasion to refer to
the singular conduct of the "emi
nent (Iconservatives," now for the
tirst, and we hope the lost timte en
gaged il Iatitijiting to legisl ite for
thie benefit oit the whole people of a
this State. Setatolo Stuhihs ittitodit
cd11 hill to punish et tain clauses ,
of c(rilminals ,by sentenceC to worik on f,
the public roads of the several par- I
ishes of t ihe Stiat". The iegt),
Stottips, held the law to be `'1 blow
at his aC1(," and the 'meniticit ('Con- d
cIt volivi '" "gtttted" Stutbbs' bill in
oril trd to saiti' tý S'o Nfmops. ý,ºnatol.r I
Utorge 1 esenti+1 otn oct tiakitig the
itt- of' It of a t n trto , a e t i'd tf l shr a. c
or I Itu i hill N bi . 3, toe atnd tim ison- nt
to in t i: this too \1:1ic j llitd 1 in tiby
tiotc ti e egnilwiork solont , p ided by 1
Thlis h~ill p~rovides that~ throse who dlo
not h oik ot the p C onservatives alfore
said. And now times anotlf er chap
th of thisi stamges, )eventful stonC.e c
iSenatei bill No. 3, to amend section to
t3373e color ele, callvsed Statutes relative dcu
tivec scsioni. C
'Ito the noduties too police jurin to poes int. en
Sring thle worrepk ondc the public roads, c
is bill provides that 5those who do 7.
not r genk o the pub lic roads 611, Ir
pay one dollar, anid ura halfgd per day, of
otldi pbine tlt iN ith duee I. os
p'ittiity, tried to manke lrit) feel at
Seoaitos Staemos, friends, and Cae
seliletcl hihet olly to your paper. WVe d
viewing thiso bill as an oppression to R
thed colore i its coluens called for execu
retivel at te firside of every ouseon.old r
IIi thet State', for thlen, we are sure
tliet ec would be rio Radical party and
no itiore of Radlicalism in Louisiana.
The kmoral tie ordeal through point.h
e
Sabine correspondence,
M ANY, LA., Feb. 25th, 187e.
tie uVINDtIATOR h p d nd te
Youllrnnt igt mao by it amoin the dfork
days~., ;id stili being made in behalf
of Detiic~rancy and Rleformu, is appre
cia~te\.
some time, and our good peoplo e your
old Sabine treated iMa with due hos
poitalityi ot tie qstion of a Confeel ati
hoie and amCong friends, and sue thi-k a
s'oribed libeiould be cally to your paper. Wed, an are
neverot gilli to putback on t itN ICAn toing ;
indeed atc work ;sh indeedts columns could be
read at rithe fireside of er linkvery household t
1n the State, for then, we are sure
there would be no Radical party andI
our Stmore of Radicalism in Louisiana.
We know the ordeal through which
the VIe not cnrTr has psedith a single the
matinr l thle Itarish vlmo did not favor
a Cot~ivention, nor do I believe there s
gallant cight made by i te arihe dark.
W'e have hadt qunite a lively time
for thle last week-, many people were
daysin to, anour District Cort being inalf
of Democrn, and e atReform, is appleasure of
ciated.ing to so fine orations ro
teOur people generatlemen. Judgorse yoI)aurid ur
P'iersoit 1tiesled w~ithi his usual dig- ,
position on the quesrc tie tmost decorum; nsti
tutionlal Convention ; we think it
convention should be called, and areendeared him-a
elf not willing to peut up with any thing 1
like patch work ; indeed, we want to o
get rind of every linkton that connects t
teour State with Radicalisme executed. cr. .
P. JIa~ll, I)istrict Aliorney, wans also I
beI have not conversed with a srningle to
mian in the parish who did not favor E
a Cplnyent, won for do I believe aithere si
are a dozen such in the parish. I
We have had quite a lively time
for the last week, many people were
in towen, besides our District Court beingey, i
session. J. F. Sith, and thr. E. F. pleasure of i
tPierson presided with his usual dig
tity;uisred friendsthe utmost decorum;V. . Jack,
was looking well, and endeared him- i
self to our people by his uniform rul. t
Cttnning hatn, and atlo Mr. Ed. Sutha -
erland frorii Mhnsfield. rW
Nott Iitinch was done on our civil i
DockPt., in faict, most all civil bsi
ness, ind our parishl is hansactcd in
our Parish Court, in e cAtne not being
pttliciaeti in amotin thr jatristliction
of oie h)istrict Court. On the crii-.
Tnl docket the case of the State vs.
lPorterr lIriti, Cliai'ger with toe mur
tier of Dir. IL. C. Evans, created
much interest, Mdr. E. F. Presley ap
neared for the defence, and lion. J.
D. Smkithn fwith District Attorney Hall
for the prosecution, a hard fight was
made on tie part of the defence, but
it could not overcome the stern facts,
supeorted by 'the eloquence of tHne
pr oSecuting Attorneys, who pictured
the brutal murder in its true light.
Trhle prisoner Brown, was found
"Onitty," without atiy qualification,
and without any recommendation tor
mercy; a motion for a new trial was
tiled, but overruled. On Saturday
Imorning Brown was bronght into
Court to receive his sentence. He is
quite a young man, not over twenty
two, but in his face you can read his
character and the disposition of his
heart. On being asked if he had any
thing to say, ihe rose, said that some
of the witnesses had not sworn ex
actly true, requested the Judge to
spate his life, and that was all.
Judge Pierson in the most feeling
manner proceeded to pass the sen
tence of the law, "that on such day
as the Executive might designate, lie
should be hung until he was dead,
b-c.," and all this time, and during
this awful sentence, when all other
Shearts wese moved, the prisoner stood
with a stolid look, and seemed en
tirely unaffected. "May God have
1 mercy on his soul."
s The case of the State vs. David
- Anders, charged with mnrder, also
f created very great interest. Anders
is a younrg man, and has always
maintained the character of a quiet,
- peacable, good citizen. Col. W. H.
- Jack, and Hon. J. F. Smith, appeared
a for the defence, and together a good
. team, they they proud to be. It did
ns good to listen to their humorous
analysis of the evidence, their elo
quence, and appeals in behalf of the
" defendant. Mr. W. P. Hall, District
Attorney, did well his part, and con
tended against defendants Counsel
at every point, but the Jury gave a
verdict of "Not Gullty," which ver
dict our people all say is in strict ac
cordance with law and evidence.
C.
Cotton Receipts.
Received previously, 5,613 bales.
-" during the week 115 "
Total 5, 728
a The report is growing that Govern
1 or Nicholls will pardon the Return
B ing Board as fast as convicted. We
hope it is not true,
District Conri il Sabine.
List of Ciimninal cases tried at tlhei
February Termi of the Di)strct Court,
gabine parish, La.
The State vs. Lambnert Daniels,
charge carrying concealed weapons
Attorney's for dtftj tce J. F. Stish
I'I tl e. . Presleyic . I ert ii r, nott
it, t gilty.
The State vs. E. rt. Dover, charge,
muleting conctllei dthee.pons-AttIys.
I lll, )dtict J. F. Smith, and EJ. F.
Sna isle. Ver(dict. not guilty, n ri
tier· Seltteneed tn Itutu~I~~
'The State vs. .avid Alewibs, cr,
c(atrgite unclealr-- \tt'c. forts-A ttdel'
W. for. Jack and J. F. Smith. Verdict,
dict, not guilty.
The State vs.Porter Brown, charge,
clitaige, ctrrittvt coticealeil 'eputti-
ntt'. frder-Att'vce J. f. nmit, . F.er
Presley-for tiie loroseº"ntion \'. 1'.
Mill1, Dlistlict Attorney, and J. F.
Sdieth. Verdict, gil, and ilty.
neº' sentenced to hehn.
The State vs. C. rl ibbs, chartge,
carrying, crrioncealed wcoceale wpons-Att'y.s
-ftor'. n dcfec J. F. Smith. Verdict,.
'not guilty.
The State vs. ElijAddison Turney,
charge, carrying concd ealed weapons-tt'
Att'. for defence J. F. Smith. Verdict,
dint, guilty.
Thle S~ta2te vs.q Nel) JOrt'·Oftt charge~,
carryingO~r conocaledl weapous--Plead
guility.
The State vs. Charles McCartney,
charge, carrying concealed weapons
-Att'y. for defence J. F. Smith.
er dict, gunot gilty.
The State vs. Elijah Gibbs, charge,
carrying concealed weaponstt -Att'y.
for defence E. F. rSmithly. Verdict,
not guilty.
The State vs. Neal Jorrott, charge,
carrying concealed weapons-Plead
guilty.
The State vs. James T. McCartney,
charge, carrying concealed weapo ns
-Att'y. for defence J. F. Smith.Ver
Verdict, not guilty.
The State vs. J Davidga r, charge,
charge, Assault and batten'-Att'y.
for defence Et-ol. Presley. Ventered, at
guilty.
req ucat of Parochial an then ities.
The State vs. J.Leon BrowM. Franklinrge,
charge, carrying concealed weapons
Larctt'ny--Att.'. for defence J. F. Smith. Ver
Stnithi and W. H. Jtck. Verdict, not
dit, not guilty._
Sricklening.
Thile State peoplevs. J. B. Vandegar, charge,
demadimg reform, the Leislntered, at
is engagecd in this kind of work:
yrequest of Parochial authoriziesg t.e
poiThe State vs. Leon Brown, charge,
iLarceny--Atty's.d for tdefence J. Fpurp.
Smith and W. Hi. Jack. Verdict, not
guilty.ini uc information rela
Stive to draining ing. drainigm
chines as may bpeople of Louisiportance toare
demanding reform, the Legislature
is engaged in this kind of work :
theBy Mr. Zacharnters' Authssoiation of the
appointment of a commission to the
shaKingdom of Holland for the purpStateos The
of obtaining such information rela
tive to draining and draining ma
chines as may be of importance to
the Sugar Planters' Association of the
State ; provided said commission
shall be no expense to the State. The
bill passed.
That Terrible Scourge,
Fever and ague, and its congener, billions
remittant, besides affections of the stom
ach, liver and bowels, produced by mias
matic air and water, are both eradicated
and prevented by the use of Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters, a purely vegetable elix
ir, indorsed by physicians, and more ex
tensively used as a remedy for the above
class of disorders, as well as for many
others, than any medicine of the age. A
languid circulation, a torpid state of the
liver, a wvant of vital stamina, are condi
tions peculiarly favorable to malgrial dis
eases. They are, however, surely reme
died by the great Preventive, which, by
invigorating the system and endowing it
with regularity as well as vigor, provides
it with a resistant power which enables
it to withstand disorders not only of a
malauial type, but a host of of others to
which feeble and ill regulated systems
arr snubject. The Bitters are a safe as
well as searching eradicant, and have
widely superseded that dangerous drug
quinine, which palliates but does not
eradicate malaria. March 2-5t.
The President has the Silver Bill
under consideration. It is supposed
he will allow it to become a law by
limitation.
Died.
In New Orleans on Tuesday morning
February 26th, 1878, after a short, painful
illness ANNIE PEYTON, beloved spouse of
MI. J. Cunninigham, Esq., in the 24th
year of her age.
We extend to our cherished friend in
this sorrowful hour of his bereavement,
our heartfelt sympathies. We know
that all this community, where Joe Cun
niughani is so well, so fondly known,
join with him in grief o'er his sad, sad af
fliction. Mrs. Annio Cunningham was in
the Ibloom of youthful womanhood ; a
devoted and fond wife and mother, a sin
cere and cherished friend, and her early
and nntimely death is a rude shock to
our whole society here, where she was
beloved by all.
"Death lies on her like an untimely frost
Upou the sweetest flower of all the field."
NOTICE.
A LL persons, holding City Warrants
£1.outstanding against the City of Natch
itoches, are hereby required to have the
same re-registered within the next sixty
days from the publication hereof.
JNO. LAPLACE,
Jan '78 19-tf City Treasurer.
NOTICE.
IN PLURSUANCE of an ordinance of the
Board of School Directors, all persons
holding unpaid School Warrants for 1876
and previous years, are hereby notified to
present the same to me, at my office, on
or before the 28th day of February next,
in order that the same may be adjusted
and settled, out of such funds as may re
main fromnt the apportionments of these
years. A. E. LEMEE,
Jan 28-5t Treas. School Board.
STRAYED OR STOLEN.
A JET BLACK mare; bushy mane,
A hind feet white, branded g, has
strayed or was stolen from the under
signed on or about the 10th or 15th of
September last and I will pay $5 for her
recovery or for information that will
lead thereto.
March 2-1m.
PAUL LEWIS.
NOTIOE OF LOST CLAIMS
Is hereby given that on the night of the
18th November last, was destroyed by
the burning of my house six drafts drawn
by R. M. Brown in favor of sundry par
ties on 8. C. Wilkinson & Co. amounting
to two hundred seventy eight 37-100 dot
lars; and also one note drawn by R. J.
Knott for four hundred forty two 50-100
dollars.
T. 8. I.ONNINGITAM,
March 2-it. Attorney.
RELIGIOUS COLUIMN. ket
V'ol
Edited b3 the Rev. T. J. Ilough.
the
Synop4sis of a srrn'in Ireenltly (loliver- in
ed ill this ('ity by R'v. T. J. liHolugh, cn Int'
the sIhlijet of
prrflt aesl I,9 4E. lot
'"For whalt sall it pIºroit a mnut if b'e
shalll gain the whole ,world ;til lcose his (1"
onI sn1111 ? Or what shall :1 41 n 4ire i] po
exrhange for his soul ht'
lesus x11111d !sis Ale tile t s \r re visiting !
Ow 1to4wns of 41(1 ri Phil atippi, a1 s a tla
th1 y journ;iy along lit asked' of thew.
unaniimously iag1rel that "'so44 said 1(e 111
lwas Jlohn tie 1linpti St, others said ihe was4 +' 1
Elins, wvhilb Net :Mother class thought he di)
was one of the Protphets." \1.
This s(Imos to have satif (ed the Savio1r of
as to whlat, mn said of hiit. ,ut. as these 1t
desciples were to he the teachers of his th
doctrine, .11141 le'itg thus mo1 e directly pal
interested in knowing the same, he snakes th
his inquiry more pointed and direct.
"But whom say ye that I am f" and Pe- 111
ter (who seems to have been spokesman) no
answered and saith unto him "Thou art
the Christ." From this the `on of God 141
saw that his character was understood by pr
his chosenc followers.
AHd as thely journeyed alou' fromn townl tv
to t(own Jesus began to teach themn tile ba
great and i1mportanlt truths1 concerning }l
his spiritual kingdom, telling themn that to
he should sutfer many' things, he rejected \i
of the Elders and of the Chief Priests and
Scribes, and hle killedl, and after three th
days rise again. Jesus then called the tlh
mixed multitude to him and saitd "ilWho- c i
sover will come unto me, let him deny pr
himself and take up his cross and follow ra
me,'' thus showing that his religion was or
one of self denial, yesl mote than even tr
denying ourselves, it is a cross bearing re- il
ligion, and if we iplead for the crown we at
must go by the way of the cross, of
He further declared that "whosoevor tll
shall save his life," that is save it by de- ca
nying Christ and thereby avoid the storm sa
of persecution everywhere arising so that nt
his life might ha prolonged--shall lose lii
it; shall die a spiritual and eternal death re
that only valuable immortal part of man,
the soul shall die. 'But whosoever shall pi
lose his life for my sake, and the Gos- tl
pel's, shall save it;" that is if you lose n]
your lite for my sake by sword or guillo- at
tilne you shall really save it by living h;
with me in the realms of eternal bliss. pi
Now the Saviour enforces these grand vi
truths by the proposition contained in hi
our text, "For what shall itprotit a man tl
if he shall gain the whole world and lose p
his own soul? or what shall a man give ,
in exchange for his soul ?" 10
lie also rebukes the timidity of those al
who shrink from christian duty before a
frowning world; "whosoever therefore of
shall be ashamed of me and of my words
in this adulterous and sinful generation, g
of him also shall the Son of man be aslla- e
med when he cometh in the glory of his 1
Father, with the Holy angels." How I
many who profess to believe in Christ, h
yea and to be his followers andl are at the iº
same time ashamed to own him in the 1
presence of the infidel; let such fear lest d
when the shining army of Heaven shall
fill the air, and Christ shall appear in all Ii
his splendor and glory, he will be asham
ed to own such cowardly professors.
"Many will say Lord, Lord, but He will
say I know ye not;"' I only own such as
owned and confessed me before the world.
Jesus and shall it ever be
A mortal man ashamed of thee,
Ashamed of thee whom angels praise, '
Whose glories shine through endless days? F
11
Asbamed of Jesus that dear friend, I
On whom my hopes of Heaven depend? 1
No; when I blush be this my shame, 1
That I no longer revere his name. t
Our congregations are generally large- v
ly composed of mercantile men and s
tradesmen; you are used to trade and i
tratibic. barter and exchange, yon are ac- I
quainted with Profitand Loss, you make
calculations reaching far into the future, s
and you calculate what such and such en- r
terprise will profit you, attd at the same j
time you take into consideration, what 1
1 you must give up or lose in one direc
I tion in order to win the coveted prize in
another direction. t
Every man has the world with all of £
its varied beauty, wealth, honor and fame
before him, and if he has the desire, the
enterprise, the will, the wisdom he may
gain the same.
Are you fond of money ? there are quan
titities of crude gold in the bosom of the
3 earth, and millions of coin ready for cir
s culation.
Are you of a mercantile turn of mind i
t the trade of the world opens up before
yon, there are precious metals, cloths and
wares of every kind, and ships sailing to
and from every shore bearing on the bo
som of the great deep the commerce of
B the nation.
Are you of a political turn of mind V-
i' There are crowns to be worn, offces Leg
islative, Executive and Judicial to be fil
led.
Are you a military character ? Wars
exists in various parts of the world and
the warriors wreath may be placed on
your brow amid the boom of cannon and
6 display of enthusiastic nations.
o All these with ten thousand honors of
n the world may be won by the man of
j ambition, desire and wisdom. But the
. man whose thoughts are absorbed with
*e these perishiug things, and who strives to
gain them, and who does finally win
them, and to such an extent if possible
that he mnay own the fowls of the air, the
fishes of the sea, and the beasts of the
B, forest, yea have a title to the whole earth
" and own its inhabitants as slaves so that
- there is nothing left for his avaricious
Smind to covet, and then pauses to con
1I aider, he will find that in the acquisition
of these, his soul, that only valuable im
mortal part of his nature, is lost.
And when a man has toiled and strug
gled to gain the world, and has seemed.
e to sncceed, he finds that there are two
'y things, which after all, it does not pos
n sees the capacity to satisfy and the power
to endure, it cannot meet man's wants,
it cannot give health to the body, and
J. cannot bless him always. The world,
with all her fair but false promises, dares
not engage'to keep you in perfect health;
to rid your mind of anxious care, or to
keep sickness, norrow and death from sio
your door, if you lhny the worldl you miust gill
Iluy it sunlject to those deductions, and CmO
the margin is fearfully wide, for it takes
in sickness and sorrow and pain, remorse te
anlid death. for
Men who hive gained the world have the
ouiind that their pirlchase was onenumber- oilu
eel with all of I he-se, ecee leave lead awtni Sa
doenhls, evrn ill the minl.st of wealth and for
poeier aced tacie, whethler aftetr all the sit
purchase was wnorthI the price, for to-day ]
hte rar hee wtorth inilliects aned ocl-i his sol
broad aCre-; to-miereeu all that is in
e-ft is the silver plate on his ecetlic and in
the six feet by two of grave yardl earth.
Ilow does the world look to a dyhing man?. an
I ow does he estin:mate its worth h? What g'
does lhe think it profits a mun to gain the te
whlo'e worl and loose his own soei ? Oh
of hIow little valie does Iproperty appeair aun
to hini in comtparison with the value of ein
the soul, whiielc ages after this worle has no
passeed away will have blnt enteredl upon th
the infancy of a heing which knows no
age, and lhlnushes with thle rosy dawn of a ri
imorning to which the shades of evenintg it
never coine. th
Now this great spiritual, immortal, p1
blood-hought soul, is the thing which Bis e
prolposed as the price of the world ; andl
million of iIen who call tlhemselves thrif- de
ty and sagacious, are making this very oi
bargain cevery day, and are rushing on to th
Eternal Bankruptcy. I can see the his- lig
tory of such a man pass before me as in a Ge
visionl. Let us look at it as it passes, il
I can see an ardent ilngenious youth, SO
the lpridel of his father, the idol of his mno- il
ther going forth front the paternal roof to bi
embark in the business of life, full of life, ai
lpridle and enthusiasm he plunges into the gi:
rapid current of business, heeis imarked as s(
one horn to snecess, all predict for him a cl
triumph in the areena of tradec: his mark
in the world is great, iniluence, power,
and wealth -thoughts of his soul, of sin,
of repentance and judgment will now and
then force themselves into his mind, lihe
cannot fcrget his mother's prayers. He
says lie cannot attend to religions duties
now, lbunt he will after a while, andl so
life's young tender years go by, never to
return again.
I see now a man of middle ago, tihe ex
pression of his youth has fltied-care,
thought, anxiety, have left deep marks
uponou his brow, a gray hair is seen lhere
and there, his business is extensive, his
hands head and heart are absorbed with
proLit and loss, he has no time for the ser
I vice of God, he puts off that matter until
he retires from business, and then says in
the calm evening of life he will make pro
parations for another world and thus
middle age passes away, the time when
hlie could do work for God passes away
and life's great work has not begun.
I see an aged man now, tottering along
on his cane, this is the mother's pride, the
strong man we just saw, vigor, activity is ,
gone, his mind is losing its tone. ie is t
encumbered with the care of a fortune.-- C
He has spent his life in buying the world. t
Hie has a large share of it, but it has cost -
him the prime of his life, and now totter
ing on the very border line of eternity,
the world for which he paid s'o much is
slipping from his nerveless grasp.
We look once more, the room is dark;
lights lowered. lie is surrounded by
weeping friends, and is struggling in the
I gripe of that relentless foe before whom
you must bow, that thrifty sagacious man
is dying. Bring up his wealth it amounts
to millions, and tell him he set his work
on this, he obtained it and now he ought
to be willing to die; and mark the ex. I
I pression of his face as the shades of oter
nity gather around his wasted form.-
Doubt, fear, despair, are painted there;
listen to his ansver. Oh, I am a dying I
man, I am poor and needy at last. I go
to meet a Holy God and I am full of sin,
- what a wreck I have made of my life. I
I sought the world, I thought I had gained '
1i it, but oh fearful, maddening thought I '
- have lost my soul.
e Tell me now ye who traflic in immortal
c, soulrA answer me the question, solve the
- mighty problem, "What shall it profit a
e man if he shall gain the whole world and 1
t lose his own soul."
How awful is the thought of a lost
a companion a lost child, the cry is raised
the woods are trailed until if possible the
ef child is found and restored to its mothers
e arms. But the stupendous thought of a
e ost soul, who shall go in search of it and
y when will you go, it is beyond recovery.
it is banished into outer darkness, wan
- dering from night to night, from deep to
e deep, ever falling and never stopping-no
r- light, no friendly face of wife, son or
daughter, to cheer the soul, no morning
star to rise in all the gloom of eternal
'e night, black storms ever rise and thun
d ders ever mutter, and if any ray of light
o is seeh it will be only the bickering light
' ninge' flashing from the bottomlesspit, to
tell of the darker clouds of despair rolling
up from the great deep. What, oh what
will it profit a man to gain gold and
5 lands and office and lose his own soult
1But I hear you say "I must work I
must make money," I agree with you and
go further, and say a lazy man cannot be
a christian, and as the Bible says "a man
n that will not provide for his family is
worse than an Infidel." But if some ot
of you did not provide for your familes any
ot more than you do for your souls they
would have been starved to death long
th ago. What shall it profit a man if he pro
vide food, raiment and shelter for his
in poor perishing frame, and starve his soul1
le not shelter it from the storms of life and
ie eternity, and not clothe it with the gar
he ments of humanity and of holiness, and
th not feed it on the bread of life and living
at water?
us Gaining the world and losing the soul
n- is making a contract with the Devil that
on if yon will give me the world I will give
n. you my soul, and how many are now
working zealonsly under that contract
,g- gaining and amassing on the one band
ed the property of the world, and on theoth
weo er hand losing his soul.
as. To conclude this portion of our dis-.
rer course we see that the covetons man has
ts, gained the world; Piwi, Vidi, Vici, bat in
nd all this varied operation the soul has been
id, lost, and when the possessor wakes up to
res this fact, his mind naturally runs out into
th; the unseen and the lntnite. He observes
to ruin and decay marked on all his posses
signs, his own strong physical frame be.
gins to decay, and he then desires to re
cover the valuable but losit soul.
The last proposition contained in our
text is "What will a mtan give in exchange
for his soul." With the boundless wealth
the mani of the world has gained, he sets
out to barter and trade with the Devil.
Satian has received his soul in exchange
for the world, and now he makes propo
sitions of re-exchange.
lie offers all his gold for his departed
soul. but that is not accepted, for gold
not current money in Hell it would melt
in the servant heat.
Ie otlcrs a kingdom with all its wealth
and power, but Satan knows of the chan
ging, shiftless systems of government,
the otivr avails nothing.
Hie now offers all, wealth, power, fame,
authority, lnt these avail nothing, they
endure but for a season No the soul is
not to be redetemedl with corruptable
things such as gold and silver.
WO have examined our enterprise have
run up the column of Profit and Loss, we
have seen that the gain of the world is
the loss of the soul, and that the very
property acquired cannot be returned in
exchange for the soul.
In view of these solemn stubborn facts
dloes it not behoove us to pause in our
onward rush to destruction and ponder
the paths of our feet, and give to the re.
ligion of Christ that sober reflection and
God-like action which its importance de
mands, and acquire for our immortal
souls treasures in Heaven "where neither
moth or rust doth corrupt, nor thieves
break through nor steal." And again we
ask "What shall it profit a man ifhe shall
gain the whole world and lose his own
soul? Or what will a man give in ex
change tor his soul
We soil send free by suil ad psuraw t
safle arnral to good rondittnol
12 Roses. 12 different varietlel, for 1.0
20 Vertbena. 4O different vaoieties, fo 61.00
IS Ilasket& Bedding Plants. 1aorta,for 1.00
j10 Geraniums, to different varieties, for o1.00
12 Tuboreses. all flowering bulbs, for !.00
12 Gladiolus, all flowering bulbs, for * 9.00
SCarnations, 8 splendid sorts, for - 1.00
- llarJ Flowerin Shrubs, 6 sorts, fort 1.00
A hundred other things cheap.
An lspo Illostran d t kensw eN)o fll Splet
SOrnamennta l Treess B sor£flreni
hrubs. etc. A 64-pigs ostaiogu o treeOs
etc., snd 1e-page price Ils free. 24th
year. l3Creenhouses.400 Mrle.
$8 That Sanford's Radical
5 Cure for Catarrh will not
instantly relieve and speed
ily cure. References,
Henry WVells, Esq., Wells.
Fargo & Co., Aurora, N.
For a Case Y.; Wm. Bowen, Esq.,
McHatton, Grant I Bow
en, St. Louis Testimoni
ale and treatise by mail.
of Catarrh' Price, with improved in
haler, $1. Sold every
where. WEEKS & POTTER, Proprie
tors. Boston, %lass.
COLLIN'S VOLTAIC PLASTERS are
the best.
ItIARSDENS'
Pectoral Balm,
THE GREAT REMEDY FOR
COUGHS, COLDS, AND
CONSUIPTION.
FINLAY & THOMPSON,
New Orleans, La., Sole Agt's.
FOR SALE BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
Retail price $900 only
PIANOS $260. Parler Or ns,
price $975 only $105. Paper free. D. F.
BEATTY, Washington, N. J.
FROM HER ASHES.
The Phbenix has put on new life and now
caters for public favors.
J Warren Suddath
has taken charge and DAN now dispenses
the choicest
BRANDIES,
WHISKIES,
LIQUORS,
CIGARS,
&o.
RICH ST. LOUIS BEER ON DRAFT.
Don't forget, ye thirsty, the PaREIX
on St. Denis Street.
Feb. 24-ly
FOR SALE,
A FINE blooded STALLION ý
can be bonght cheap. The I
owner is a resident of Vernon "
parish, and the Horse is too fine for that
section, hence his reason for selling.
Horse-sixteen hands high; eight
years old, dark bay, solid color.
Apply to C. BRAY, Esq.,
Blackland Cottage P. O., Vernon Ph. La.,
Or to Vindicator Office.
Jan. 19-6t or tf.
COOHIN POULTRY YARD,
BORDEJ ITX STREET,
Between Pitt and Prytania, New Orleans.
DUNLOP BAKER, Proprietor.
HIGH CLASS POULTRY,
Eggs for Hatolhing$3 perDozen,
Shipped to (any address on receipt of
Cash.
Buff and Patridge (Cochin a Spe.
ciality.
Dec. 8-3m.
JOSEPH C KEYSIR,
Brickmaker and Layer.
TS PREPARED to do all work entrusted
I to him quickly and in a workmanlike
manner. Tomb, Chimneys, Cisterns and
I other work solicited.
Orders left at BULLARD & CAMP
BELL'S will be promptly attended to.
Jan. 27, lyv.
Beverly Tuohlterr
General Collector
D7 All Accounts promptly eollected.
' j Get your JOB PRINTIMQ
dlone at the VIrDIcAToR Ofe.,