Guilty or not Guilty.
It is now a living fact that the
:epublican party is on trial be
fore the American people, and
they must render their decision
and bring in a verdict of "guilty
or not guilty," according to the
law and evidence. They may en
act as many 'platforms 4s they
please, and put forward candidates
unknown to fame or infamy, it
will not serve their purpose, nor
will they escape the terrible or
deal through which they must pass.
Pledges for the faithful perform
ance of future promises, amounts
to nothing, when so many charges
for commission can bo brought to
theirdoors. They must first stand
in judgment before the sovereign
people of these United States,
and hear from their lips their ac
quittal or condemnation, and it is
not difficult for any to make up
their minds what that virdict will
be.
However long the party has
hitherto escaped the searching
scratiny of an outraged constitu
ency, the day and hour is fast ap
proaching when they (the people)
will sit as a court of enquiry, and
the party must answer the charges
of high crimes and misdemeanors.
The counts in the indictment are
too numerous to particularize, but
many of them are too well known
to permit the hope to be entertain
ed of a verdict of acquittal.
The American people are gene
rous and indulgent, and are prone
to forgive her servant's mistakes
or short-comings, but, when a
great party like the Republican
party, a party that has enjoyed
their utmost confidence, comes
before them asking a continuance
of their reliance, they must come
with clean hands and unsoiled
garments. Can the above men
tioned party do this? Can they
hide from Scrutiny the foul deeds
that have been committed within
their ranks, or with a shrug of the
shoulder deny their connection
with'them, and their responsibili
ty for them ? We think not, and
as they have claimed great credit
for the good they have done, the
evil must go on the debit side,
end it remains for the people at
the ballot box next November to
strike a balance, and say whether
the account is correct or not.
We do not pretend to say but
what the party has done some no.
ble deeds, and are perfectly wil
ling that all they have done shall
go to the credit side of the account,
being certain that when the array
of crimes are placed on the other
side, the sum total will startle
their own trausty leaders. Yes, the
faets that will be brought before
the gaze of the people during this
eanvaas to show how the Repub
lican party-Sasbetrayed its trust,
and violated the confldence repos
ed in it, will startle the bravest of
the brave, and causaae them to ask
if there is really a Republican
ferm of Government in the United
States.
Firing in the Rear.
Some time in the month of June
last, after it was decided that we
would have a District Convention,
we thought the momentopportune,
Sadput in a plea tlhat the Con
verition should be held in our
town. It was done in the first
place more to get ahead of fithe
Mansfeld eportcr and Coushatta
(iEtiog, and see what they would
aie to say about the matter;
they of course, thought their res.
Pective abiding places equally ap.
projriate, and so aet forth in their i
columnsa We replied to them,
thliat we had got the rat call, and
t g somnaon coaurtesy bshould
eitote to them to yield with the
best rae they could. They tae.
t ugrae to our rst proposition,
SwPdoi thought it was well u.der- '
stood and, settledal that the Con- .
veation s~ould take place here on
the 1ith of next AuPgat Bsud
a Ea ua opened upon ous
'it te rim?, and our own friends
legate, to ase a slang t
hse, S"weat baek on us," and
IVed labored to establish I
a-ir- - moment distroyed. If v
Siwand plac just mentioned
-, usrdd- dot it our delegates,
' hol4o have said so, and not
wok thngs as to make us
. i ia the ight of
stitty ,eh
MARTIN & SMITH,
le -STEAM
SAW MILL,
n' Six miles south of the city of Natchitoches
PRICE:
At the mill, per M. .......$.00 to $10.00
1" Delivered in town, per M.,..........14.00
'yW E T.TKE plsure in informing the
'S public that we ar' prepared to take
it CONTRACTS to build cabins, furnishing
therefor, lumber, material and labor, at
)r very low rates.
r- BOX COTTAGE,
8. with gallery, 14x18 feet, complete, shin.
1. gled roof, putt ap for $125.00
BOX CO'fTAGE, 12xld feet, with gal
s lery, complete, put up for $100.
Planters and others will find it to their
interest to give us a call.
o Orders left at this office or with Louis
Dupleix, will meet with prompt atten
tion.
un I Orders left with Mr. ,,. Smith, at
Willis Holmes' will meet with prompt
3, attention. ds4.
MARTIN & SMITH.
, April 10- -ly.
P I~ Get your printing done at
11 the VINDICATO3 Job Office.
WILD OATS.
. PROSPECTUS FOR 1876.
11 Champion American Condo Paper !
* Illustrated by a corps of the best Ameri
e can artists, and contributed to by the
most popular humorists and satirists of
t the day.
o Wild Oats now enters successfully up
on the sixth year of its existence, and
has become the established humorous and
satirical paper of the country. It was
started and continued the first year as a
- monthly, then, to satisfy the demand of
the pIuslic, it was changed to a fortnight.
ly. Still continuing its good work of
8 hitting folly as it flies, and showing up
the political and social shams by its
masterly cartoons and pungent editorials,
I it achieved even greater success than
before, and was recognized as the ablest
and brightest of its class. Since then we I
a have yielded still further to the public
demand and now publish Wild Oats
weekly. It .has literally grown into its
B present shape on its intrinsic merits, be
ing the first successful weekly humorousn
paper ever published in this country.
Among the artists especially engaged
to furnish illustrations for Wild Oats are
Frank Bellow, Thomas Worth Hopkins,
s Wales, Shelton, Wolf, Jump, Keettels
Stuckhardt, Day, Poland, and several
1 others who are yet known to fame.
B In its literary departments Wild Oats
will, as it always has, stand alone and
I unapproachable. At least one first-class
serial story will always be found in its
pages, by the best hnmorous, satirical,
I and character writers in the United
C States; while its sketches and squibs
will be sparkling, original and poisnted.
e Wild Oats will be first-class in every
particular, and on this account may be
taken into the best families without fear
t or suspicion, as no word or illustration
will appear that can offend the most fas
tidious.
r !Y Bendm for a Sample Copy and
Convince Yourselves.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE:
One Year..................... $4 00
Six Months................... 2 00
1 Three Months................... 1 00
SSingle Copies................. 10
Any person sending us a club of five
Ssubsecribemrs for one year will receive a
Scopy gratis.
Address,
r COLLINS & SMALL.
3 Publishers, 113 Fulton Street, N. Y.
]EVERY LADY SHOULD TAKe IT.
THE CHEAPEST AND BEST IN
THE WORLD.
Postage Pre.Paid on aoh asceriptions.
This popular Monthly Magazine gives
more for the money than any in the
world. For 1870, it will be greatly im
proved. It will contain One Thousand
ae. Fourteen Splendid Steel Plates,
Twelve Colored Berlin Patterne, Twelve
Mammoth Colored Fashions, Nine Hmn
dred Wood Cate, Twenty-Four Pages of
Music. All this will be given for only
Two Dollars a year, poetage prelpuid by
timhe publisher, or a dollar less than Mag
azines of the clams .f "'etereon." Its
THRILLIN TALES A4ND NOV.
LTIJS
Are the best published anywhere. All
the most popular writers are empioyed
to write originally 'Peterson," In 1875,
in addition to time nsnal quantity of short
stories. Five Original Copyright Novel
ette will be given. by Mrs. Ann 8. Ste
phens, Frank Lee Benedict, Jane G. Anus
tin Marietta Holley and Daisy Ventnor.
MAMMOTH COLORED FASHION
- PLATES
Ahead of all others. These plates are
engraved on steel. Twice the usualn size,
and are unequaled for beauty. They
will be superbly colored. Also Hoeuse.
hold and other receipts; in short, every.
thing interesting to ladies.
SUPERB PREMIUM ENGRAVING I
To every person gettihg ftp either of,
the folowing clubs for 185 will be sent
gratis, a copy of our new and splendid
mesotint for farming, (sim 21 inches by
08), "Waahiton's Fhrst interview with
HiWife" Thais Five Dollar Ear
ing, and the Uost desirable premium
ever otered. Por large clabs, as will be
seen below, an extra copy of Muaiuae
will be sent in additon.
TERMS (Alwtays is Advance) $2,00
a YEARB.
APetag Pvrepez&I bas IA PauieA#r.
t Copies for..............$ 8 O6
' •· .....,..· 400
6 " "................ 4 00
9 ". "..it..... .... 14 00
£ ~ 180
superb meuotlnt. "Washington's First
interview With His Wife," to the per
son getting up the Club.
Addres Peost-paid.
CHARLES J. PETERSON,
306 Chesnut street, Pa.
fe" Specimens sent gratis If wntten
for.
THE BEST PAPER. TRY IT.
POSTAGE FREE.
Beautifully Illustrated.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN now in
its 30th year, enjoys the widest circulai
tion of any weekly newspaper of the kind
in the world. A new volume commences
January 4,1875.
Its contents embrace the latest and most
interesting information pertaining to the
Industrial, Mechanical, and Scientific Pro.
gress of the World; Descriptions, with
Beautiful Engravings, of New Inventions,
New Processes, and Improved Industries
of all kinds; Useful Notes, Recipes, Sug
gestions and Advice, by Practical Writers,
for Workmen and Employers in all the
various arts.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN is the
cheapest and best illustrated weekly pa
per published. Every number contains
from 10 to 15 original engravings of new
nmachinery and novel inventions.
ENGRAVI ,GS, illustrating Improve
ments, Discoveries, and Important Works,
pertaining to Civil and Mechanica' Engi
neering, Milling. Mining and Metallurgy;
Records of the latest progress in the Ap
plicatius of Strtat Steam- Engineering,
Railways. Ship Bluilding, Navigation.
Telegraphy, Telegraph Engineering, Elec
tricity, Magnetism, Light and Heat.
FARMERS, Mcchanies, lEngineers,
Inventors, Manufacturers. Chemists, Lov
ers of Science, Teachers, Clergymen, Law
yers, and People of all Professions, will
find the ScnIE'IFIC AMERICAN tseful to
them. It should have a place in ef~iy
Family, Library, Study, office, and Coitt
ing Room; in every Reading Room,
College, Academy or School.
A year's numlbers contain 832 pages and
SEV ERAL. HUNDRED ENoRAVINGs Thou
sands of volumes are persorved for bind
ing and reference. The practical receipts
are well worth ten times the subscription
price. Terms $3 20 a year by mail, in
cluding postage. Diseu.nnt to Clubs Spe
cimens sent free. May be had of all News
Dealers.
PATENTS, In connection with
P ATEN s the Sc INT IFIC
AMERICAN, Messrs. Mue & Co. are
Solietors of American and Foreign Patents,
and have the largest estblishment in the
world More than fifty thousand applica)
tions have been made for patents through
their agency.
Patents are obtained on the best terms
Models of New inventions and sketches
examined and advice free. A special
notice is made in the Scientific American
of all Inventions Patented through this
Agency, with the name and resident of
the Patentee. Patents are often sold in
part or whole, to pereous attracted to the
invention by such notice. Send for
Pamphlet, 110 pages, laws and full di
rections for obtaining Patents.
Aidress for the Paper, or concerning
Patents, MuNN & Co., 37 Park Row
N. Y. Brach Office, cor. F and 7th 8ts.
Washinton, D C.
Jany ll875.-lvy
JOURNAL OF
AGRICUILTURE AND FARIER.
A Weekly for Farm, Or
chard and Family Circle.
The Weekly Journal and Farmer is a
consolidation of the monthly Journal of
Agriculture and the Weekly Misseonri
Farmer, is now the greatest leading popu
lar Farm and Fireside paper of the
Southwest.
Its departments are complete and ably
edited. The Grange is a leading feature,
and this department is always full of
good things contributed by the members
of the Order. The ladies are heard
through the columns devoted to their in
terests, and many hints of bousehold
utility and good advice can be gleaned
by those who wish to become ornaments
in their homes and by their firesides.
All classes will be instructed by readinag
the Journal of Agriculture and Parmer,
and no famuily should be without it. Its
MARKET REPORTS
are complete, authentic and reliable, and
the paper is worth the subseription price
alone to get its markets, fresh and rella
ble every week.
Send for it I Read it ! Take its ad
vice, and it will pay you.
Men and women, boys and girls, old
and young, give the Journal of Agricul
ture and Farmer a trial for one year,
and see if yon have not made a good in
vestment. It is a large $ page, 48 column
weekly Agricultural, Grange and Fami
ly Newspaper, and is free from political
and religions discussions, and its chaste
and well written pages makes it a wel
come visitor in thousands of households
in the great Mississippi Valley.
Club agents wanted, to whom liberal
terms will be given. We want agents
in every town and village.
Send for specimen copy free, and we
ask that yon send us the names of your
friends, so 'hat we may send them spe
cimen copies.
Sabscription price, $2.00 per annum;
clbs of 5 or more, $1.50 ach. Postage,
15 cents must be sent with each name,
as we prepay every paper sent out.
Address
CHEW, CORDELL & CO.,
810 North Sixth Street,
t. Loauis, Mo.
WO'HITEWA TER WAGO MI
N n0i FIn. ftrAIN? u D FRo GHT.
sO P nllS A0o DEMOCRAT WASon.
Whewe wehave no Agents
WO wirll sell direct to parties
deQ~ in. threm. Price and
o nftrhnished on ap
pliation. The Whitewater
costs a trifle more than orwdi.
nar wagons, but is the "
oapest iz the long ran.
SEMPLE, BlitGE&CO.
1f56~UtYlAiH #T., ST 10r l8. I
*P a e Writing us, w!ll I
e mentionR ln what pa
ttb t give
4 lOJflcTr
:~ s·7Ej~~'~' 2L'·-Yi;*-; ::-:i.4
rWE WANT AN AGENT IN
EVERY COUNTY
-IN THE.
UNITED STATES I
---oo-
Gold Coin! $1,000.00 in Gold!
--o00--
SWe Challenge the World,
And will forfeit $1,000 to any person who can produce a remedy which will prove
by actual test. a more speedy, certain and etffectual cure for all Pains and Aches of
whatever form, external and internal, acute or chronic, deep-seated or otherwise
than
Dr. Radolifs Great Remedy,
St even Seals or Golden WONDER
We have had this challenge of $1,000 prominently displayed in all our Circulars
1 and Newspaper Advertisements, for the last four years, and not taken, which
shows the superior excellence of our Remedy over all other. For External or In
4 ternal use.
It will Effect a Speedy Cure in all Cases of
Headache, Neuralgia, Toothache, Sprains, Bruises.
Flesh Wounds, Burns, Colic, Cramp, Cholera
Morbus, Flux, Diarrhoea, Bronchitis. Catarrh,
coughs, colds, Inflammatory Rheuma
tism, Asthma, Phthisic, Heartburq,
Indigestion, Summer complaint,
Pains in Side, Back or Loins,
Piles, Ringworm, Felons,
Stings of Insects, Bites of
Venomous Serpents,
and Especially Ru
matism.
A POWERFUL REMEDY Which is taken Internally by ANY ONE
----- ----
This celebrated medicine is beyond a doubt the greatest discovery in Medi
cal Science known to the woiln!. Its action is at once felt; its wonder
ful cures are iustantaneogf; in fact it literally demolishes pain.
---oo-
EQUALLY GOOD FOR MAN OR BEAST.
oo0
REMEMBER WE GUARANTEE EVERY BOTTLE.
No Cure, No Pay !
Try it, and be Convinced.
SOURCE OF HAPPINESS TO MILLIONS OF SUFFERING HUMANITY.
During the past four years the wonderful success of this Great Remedy has far
exceeeled our most sanguine expectations; thousands have been cured, and thou
sands have found out from actual experience that Dr. Radcliff s Great Remedy,
Seven Seals or Golden Wonder, is the Most Wonderful Pain Destroyer in Existence,
the Most Expedious, Safe and powerful Remedy known in the World. Cures are
effected almost Instantly, as if by Ma ic. Thousands of certificates have been re
ceived from all parts of our broad land, unsolicited and unasked for, speaking in
heartfelt and uaiversal praise of this Great Remedy. from personal knowledge of
its almost miraculous powers in curing the most obstinate and protracted cases of
Diseases.
$1,000 Profit in Four Months! 1,872 One Dollar Bottles 8old!
READ THIS :
Scott Town, Lawrotece County, Ohio.
Messrs. KENNEDY & CO.-Dear }irs: At this late hour I will inform you of the
great benefit I reeei'ed from the use of Dr. Radelitfs Great Remedy, Seven Settls
or Golden Wonder, after being confined to my bed for eight years with a complica
tion ofdiseases,lviz: Dvspepsia. Bronchitis, Palpitation ofthe HIearst, ain in the
Right Side, with General Debility, for which I tried the skill of our home physi
cians, also a doctor of New York City, and two of Pittsburgh, and one In the
northern part of Ohio. Took enough patent medicines to swinm in-all to no pur
pose. At length I was induced to try Dr. Rldeliftse Seven Seals or Golden Wonder.
sent and got six fifty cent bottles, and before ksing it all found myself able to
travel in a buggy. Took the agency for its sale last April, four months ago, and
have sold thirteen gross, or 1,872 bottles, up to this date, A.gust 20th, 1872, and
expect from the growing demand to sell ten thoesand (10,000) bottles in the next
y-ear. Gentlemen, if you think this worth using you can do so, as I am generally
known over three counties as a m;m of great ailiction.
Yours Respectfully, H. J. DARLINO.
SOO
A REMEDY FOR HARD TIMES. TRY IT.
FOR THIS GREAT REMEDY WE WISH YOU TO ACT AS OUR AGENT.
--.oo
Dear Sir:-Thle above fully explains the articles we wish to sell. This business
is honorahtBle, and by being energetic, will pay you well. It is out desire to ap
point an agent in every county in all parts of the United States and Canada, grant
nig to each the excluesive right to sell every bottle sold in the county. Shouhl you
accept the agency for one or more counties, you shall have the exclusive right to
sell every bottle sold in your county, as long as you continue to act as otr agent,
and all ordnlers which we may receive from your territory shall be turned over to
your acctUnt.
This Wonderful Remedy, Seven Seils or Golden Wonder, sells rapidly in the
hands of the right kiid of men, and we want none other. Now if you think you
are the man for the work, forward your order, name your county, alnd go to work;
you can sell a gross in a few days, without a doubt. We have one man who buys
on an averge three gross per week, aid his orders are increasing rapidly, and he
has a small county, (Berks Co., Pa.) He writes that he expects to sell one gross
Ipr day, at retail, the coming season, not counting wholesales You have the pryiv
lege of selling wholesale or retail, or patting it on commission with druggists, or
selling by sub-agents. This business is wvorth the attention of good men and men
of capital. Shohl you make but reasonable wages-say $100 per nonuth for the
first three months (many make more)-you would nevertheless be establishing a
business that would pay you largely In the end,
Agents are doing; bettebr with our Remedy than anything else they ever took
hold of. Why is thist Because the Remedy does just as we say, and our agents
can warrant every bottle. No cure, no pay. Knowing that we make all losses
good, should they be called on to redeem a bottle, agents run no risk of loss.
Seven Seals or Golden Wonder is put up in b1,0 and 50 cent bottles, elegaitly
finished in neat and appropriate wrappers and packed in nice boxes, one dozen in
each box.
To dnruggists our scale of prices are-Large size, $l,00 bottles, per doaeu, $58.00
snall size. 60 cent bottles, per dozen, $4.50.
We give special terms to our County Agents st sneh tigures that they can sell
to dlruggists and country stores at the above price and make a handsome profit.
We also give an
Extra Premium to Agents!
In ordei to have live, energetic lnien to take hold of the business at once, we
have concluded to give free gratie to each and every agent a present of a handsomo,,
fno
Coin Silver Hunting Watch, Free,
Beautifally ehgraved, and correct time-keepe-, worth $20,00, and a certificate of
a.genecy giving SOLE CONTROL of such county as the agent umay select ,,ot al
ready taken); and, furthermore, all orders coming tromte deh counties as the agent
may select, will be sent back by n to the agent to be filled-in fact we give sole
control of such counties as long as the agent continues in the business. Rememuber,
the Premium Watch is given gratis to the agents.. We take this plan to have our
Great Remedy quickly and thoroughly introducer. Let us hear from you at your
earliest convenience, sad secure your coduty at once, before being taken by some
one else Renetmber, this offer is open for a short tile onlya
A 8mall Capital Required to Ruu a large Paying d ,tisies&
The capital required is very small, and the profts fuom it will fully equal that of
thousands of merchants who have invested a large capita. in their business. Hun
dreds in all parts of the country are making from $1 500 TO .i,000 A YEAR.
And hundreds weore will date their success from accepting our litwral offer at this
time, Any one willing to work for snccess can force it, bat those who believe thest
it an he had from idleness are net the kind of men we want to push our business.
We want
A LIYV ENERGETIC AGOENT.
As one snch is worth a dosen who expect *ta business to push itself. We have spent
in pushing our business ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS.
It has paid uns todo it, and it pays our agents, as it advertises it thonronghly in
eryC tate, County and Twship in theUaitsed Stattes-not only for us, but thr
te Agent Remember, this is a ife businessand that every year it grows larger
md larger.
We will send toparties contemplating to act as our Agents a SAMPLE DOZEN
BOTTLESsecurely packed with ourditerent Posters, Bills, Show Cards, Term., etc.,
UPON THE RECEIPT OF $2.60. And all sending *15so for Sample Dozein, we
ill send free of charge. Samplee of our Eight Elegan 'hromos, entitled:
Good MoratgI ! Good Night! Feeding the CA e iothers Grave! Out
o the Figing Pas ! Be Peep I Beading the Bible ' Fires Lesson !
If ou want your eonaty, let is know as soon as convenient, as the territory may
he taken. We would be pleased to have parties who contemplate taking an ageu
y, tosend for ample Package of this wonderful Remedy before engaging largely
in the basine.
REMEMBER, iE GUABANNTAli )IVY BOTTtLE.
NO OiURE ! iNO PAY !I
With thelmsesuggestions wd leave the matter with you. We do not wish you to
egage iinless yoeu will tollow the busiess as a business, and really desire to make
oney. We want none bt honest, conientionsu men. To such we will guarantee
s mi.Addre all conmmutnications t
KE1rsEDr t & CO.,
Sora1toe Pittsburgh; Pa.
?Sur lhs 3f wr b papsr yes mw ths advertisuemet~ .
~~~l-l.·nI
·i·~· ~ ~ j.SO5~:~1
VICK'S
FLORAL GUWE
'o*r 1876.
PUBLISHED QUARTERLY. JANLA
ry Number just issued, and contains
over 100 Pages, W00 Engraving, descrip
Stions of more than 500 of our best Floe
ers and Vegetables, with directions for cul
ture, Colored Plate, etc. The most ne
fll and elegant work of the kind in the
world. Only 25 cents for the year. Pub
f lished in English and Getman.
Address, JAMES VICE,
Ave Jai. 16-ly. Rochester, N. Y.
of
ALL PAPERS QUOTE F1lOT IT
THE
bIDetroit Free Press.
rs The liveliest of family newspapers, full
eh of interesting news, literature, humorous
nn- sketches, spicy para:raph, etc. Sample
Copies free. Subscription $2 00 a year,
post-paid. Address
DETROIT FREE PRESS.
Detroit. Mich.
NEW YORK TRIBUNE I
The Leading American Newspaper.
THE BEST ADVERTISING MEDIUM.
Daily, $10.00 a year; Semi-Weekly,
$3.00; Weekly, $2.00
POSTAGE FREE TO THIE SUBSCI
BER.
Specimen copies and advertising rates
free. Weekly, in clubs of 31 or modre,
only $1.00, postage paid. Address
aTIE TRIBUNE,
New York.
ARTHUR'S ILLUSTRATED
. HOME MAGAZINE
FOR 1876.
Bright, cheerful, progressive, always up
to the advancing thought of the times.
The Hlome Magazine takes rank with the
leading and most influential periodicals
of the day. It is on the side of temper
ance and true christian morality. What
ever is hurtifirl it condemns without
. fear or favor, and makes itself felt in the
homes of the people as a power for good.
The Great Household Magazine of
* America, is more thoroughly identified
with the people in their home and so
ir cial life than any other periodical in the
i- country.
1, "Deborah N.,rmrtn; her work and her
e, reward." A new serial story by T. 8.
.e .trthur will be commenced in January.
"FI'TY YEARS AGO; or the cabins
n of the West3" by Rosella Rice. We an
if nounce this new series of articles with
if real pleasure. knowing as we do that it
will be among the most attractive that
we shall o1er oar readers next year.
Miss Rice, besides holding the pen of a
ready writer has in her possession a large
amount of original material from which
to draw, and a wide acquaintance with
people whose personal reminiscence are
r rich with pioneer incidents and experi
ences.
"Homes for the People," a series of ad
e mirably suggestive articles on homes and
how to make them pleasant and attrac
tive, by Mrs. E. B. Duffey.
r "The Story Teller." This department
will be unusually rich. &Bsides ant
abundance of short stories, two or three
seri:als will be given during the year.
S "Pipin;siwa-y" Potts the inimitable de
huneator of home life anud character, will
Shave an ai-ti.:le in every number.
Butterick's newest patterns for ladies'
and childrens' dreses are given by bpe
cial arrangement every month.
The Mothers' Department will be care
filly edited and have suggestive artieles
from our best and imost experienced wri
ters.
The Itonsekeepers' Department will be
full and practical, and contain many con
tributions from experienced honsekeep
era.
o 'The Lion in Loe' and "'the hInterrup
, ted Retqaders" two large and splendid pre
I mium engaviongs. One of these is sent
free to every subscriber.
B 2 50 a year is the price of ARTHUR'S
LILLUSTRATED HOME MAGAZINE.
SIn clubs 3 copies for oI 6 and one ex
Stra to the getter up of the club $12. 10
Sand one extra $20. Ei 15 cents must
a be added to each subscription for pre
Spayment of postage for the year. Spe
r cimnen numbers 15 cents, in uenrrency or
Spostage stamps.
'r. 8. ARTHUR & SON,
Philadelphia, 's.
WILLIAM8' MOWER £ REAPER
t, -
BEMPLE, ]3UGE ,& CO,
S13 South Mainwmtreet, St. Loui,
F sal l p awheae wh u g mpr J a'saUm
EVERY FARMiR HIS OWN MILLER.
CHALLENGE FEED MILLS8
Combined
8HELLERAND GRINDERI
Ousago Corn and Cob Mills.
SEXPLE, BIRG~ £ CO,
S sinw nalt t., is. UUW
Br nI.s soma wh iw etr p Y mg
1itHE DUBOIS PATENT
COT0'"ON" G IZ N.
TheIauMs litsiem at tlhe Stb PS at
Tson, Ases Jaskaes. MiU, shullalea ma.
OUbesem maud Uinws we..
)'ng~ eew thl, phem alahe Ia whet
ueaskaw .asse a e
Ugllam UGn - . - Vll&Ut lus
Uz8 - eaitwatsa, - 85 tempt
WHY YOU S~1OLID TAD 
STHE CNCINN.ATI ENQUIRi.
It il the People's paper, deroted
their interests and we lare.
It is an impartial friend to all meow
measures that benefit the country.
It is the enemy of all men and
ures that seek only personal gain att
V expense of t e country's welfare.
Its editorial colmuns are for the
cial pnrpoft of exposing the franrs -
government oftcials, an laws cougp
in languagecalculated to deceive the.
derstanuding, and make plain to itsl0g
era the motives, causes and effeet
general and special legislative acts.
Its neis columns contain the latM
-news and intelligence that can be oit.
ed front the four quarters of the ,h1L
by meals of the telegraph, mnail
correspondence.
Its agricultural columns are the h_
adapted to the wants of farmers, an
whom are invited to give their expa.
Sence and results of new ideas and a
perimnents of all kinds of improve,.
calculated to advance the farming 
terests.
e one Isre of the Enquirer coatail
more solid information and intellii,,
than can be had from bfty of the so
ed literary papers. None can lay a
the Enquirer without admitting a rtA
able addition to his or her stock ofkiran
edge.
Its market reports have for yearsh
acknowledged as the most complete
reliable published, and of great vaia.t
Stock Dealers, Producers and Th
men generally.
It has depal tments and reading for Il
old and the young. For the familly di
cle and the countiug house-Forthe .
chant and mechanic-Por the famesr
stock dealer, and for ladies sad aat
men of every calling and statieaI
Its terms are low as any firstclau
per can be printed for, and the qJj
and quantity of reading matter used
excelled by any other paper.
Try it for this year. A Chrome e
every $2.00 Subscriber Send youm*r
scription direct to the ofice.
R. R. Re
RADWAY'S READY RELI
CUUS tUE WORST PAI!
In from One to Twenty Mlnuft
MOT ONE HOVR
SaeresadlnguthialvertisemnentmOdlas,
SUPGER WITH PAIN.
IADWAYS READY RRT.IRP I A CUiBId
EVERY PAIN.
IItwas itlhfrstsad s
T he Only Pala lemeady
i f uaanmanohu . ma-mcres t gm su.
II IRON 013 TO TWIN?? Mug
m mslgi, or proimatad with dM bs anmt a,
RADWAY'S READY RELI
SWILL APPORD INSTANT? sA
I VPAMNATIONT OF TH l IDNElTS.
hi_ iNFLAImTN TuOn 0r1 lI l S
AONGlrrATIOM or
D ACl, uTOOTRHACHi
COLD CUILU., A GUN CIULa
beappltaeNoaO Itth l IReady  okim
Intads ers Usps ce4, eaaa. tdwi
I  Caenort
Twenty droplhsfatumbhir of watmr
sasl l dT1MkAL PAINE.
STravelers shoad als enry a diMe
L FEVER B A1iD AG .
IR VERANDAGUReuredforeate 00
betaremedilageatlathu world thunt ila
snd Aae. nand au l ether a Y o.M
DRnow, Rad rWAY
nODN A WMB rIHTo a ZU l Tf lbliasa
II.ISs eq uickas m
.r layenFds per bally4
IAUTIITULCOXLMPIIOIr SU.UDWAS
8DR. . RADWAY'S .
Sia nllia I en aI
W'ME ORSAT BLOOD PUIMIFI
ear   r tt foronrti e
BoDYaft UNDa ht UeJl RIf
3ret Ieop e lhes 3ARiPAl LTYJAN
tREI r cmmnlwl ie nol mrtlk w l .Si ihI .W
I ,-risgalhiwUiiulsoLh bisru "
5OLr O Osl4i ina lWerm.u'hit .i
AcLe. acts Woasmtas sheF Te
srls s all wekeat a
ai rmtoi e ta fthIrr!
*trt ewmaraliaudi oos .n i
Ith5AURAVAKllIANllad i Ii
ad· iUirIar Vi ucal ids
Bteiy poshi tmrveUaita eere jtO
Irdtaryatse iWembdtiam.ercd
isot fWatr, licmesneefe
imbu, il 1ala
i1 n fths pIos, DsrU
NIMSDIID sPCIa.UUIIS U
3fl..Aw d. usIsk~fi
e~ ~.~iawiss·.