OF- I , AL
Paper of the Parish and f ity of Sll Iitorlies
JA1. H. CO ROVE, • - - Editor.
SATI'R)AY, )('. E I-.
People's Origans.
The contest for the c.htition -ifa
PUBIiC lI'INTi:R, inow elnded in the
retentio,n of the peopl.'s chtitce, the
New Oileans DeIcrate,de I Ioptd in
the discussion had Iite-eon some
very curious and ".a.did" adinis
in the Pic1y ne as h ilig si, iki l a
follows:
Tlie (overlit said that in 11th latter
at issle thIrl e w'er tv points to onisi-d
er- the poilnts of tet tioray aid it' l !iti
cal expediitu yv. Ie' hadi alreal." ix
pressrd the belief tha;ft the or~ In Si.'h-ll
express tihe vihws of the i milninistration
ill a nl eaSllred stnilst ; hilt it'' hw tought :a
given w palnt intended to hr..d n l i tri rt'i
among thle Inmpld. Ile w o hl oppos, it
lie wanted to kteel, titt good .u ' f
Louisiana t tolether in u str, gle fii thir t ir
oem onl II I t i welire aild did not dthsirt a
efwspaper which st u ld tside with an\o
clique or Itaeti on.
lie wanted a niwslUaper w ihlitit. when
honesit u dtif feIiredi, woull iendvnt" In
avsnatte grieva;ces and heal idiv'idvitl
conflictsi. ItITh le o tl' e iiutl on ht
could et 'pet this At j ict the most sur'ly
he would stupprt ais Public Printer.
If we nu derstan the Gover'nor
correctly, he is in favor of shelectingt
of aill men in the State w ithout re
aences. Il other Woids, the worthy Go.
gavlte r ias beeand so carried aitay withr
politicahe pece er" that ll ingines het
has dropped down into the Govt-) nor s
chair of the Sttye of Louiisi own-a parin the
ofidst of therl loe nilniuver wlich we
arel-hold will precede the end of the
world. Stripping this short spieech of
all verbiage, we find the Governor,
nominated by a pol, itical party, voted
for solidly and only by a political or.
ganization, and sstaine thetus far by
political "organs," endeavoring to
build up a party of his own-a party
of brotherly love and universal af
fia ion. A parn fty that will support
no paper that denounces crimes bly
their right names, but athlled f r those
danipy of anlcy sheets that will, hliee
an o ricial thief is angiht, "assuage
all diffetences," ald hel "ind ividual
conflicts."
Ifa condition of afthirs existed in
Louisiana which called for such a
display of mercy, people might see
some reason for this language, but
when we find all the virtue amd in
telligence in the State arrayed in a
solid body against corrupition and
crime backed by ignorance and bnru
tality, it is time that the "sentiment"
indulged in to such an extent as we
note, sihoul be il nuqired into by aillI
"good people." This itlquiry should,
and will extend to the ploloer under
standing of how its practical effect
will injure the "common welfare."
We are well aware that the present
administration has not reflected by
its acts the views of the Democratic
party that elected it-that it has in
fact had the siiltuppor otf ibt a beg
gerly minority of the white people,
and Ihas so far been ablte to nlove
along without protest, simply be
cause the people, although bitterly
hostile to tihe manner of conducti|ig
tihe State government, were willing
to allow its head the pleca of an hon
est intention to do right. They hald,
in other words, confidence in the mo
tives of the Governor, but were
fontded in thie belief that his idleas
were as harmless as they were im
practicable; and they were willing
to indulge himn so loig as there was
no shown te(tdegey to disintegrate
the people, the party and the ideas
for which they conlendetd.
We most iunhlesitatingly say that,
the point demanuding a plrotest on the
part of the people, who, by their vir
tine, valor and unbendinig idelity to
principle, placred Governior Nicholls
and his adminiiiistratinn in office,
against a policy ihiicll now uncovers
itselt to the extent of an attempt to
destroy their orgauization, Ihas been
reached.
Sentimentalists and dreamrers may
talk of a destruction of political par
ties, and slineer at political ideas, but
so hOng as repl)resentative government
exists, just so lung will theore be po
litical parties struggling for political
supremacy. In this country to day,
(as there has been from the founda
tion of tihe government) there is a
party for the people, their rights
and liberties, and one against theni
contending for centralization and for
spoils. The party of peace, of liber
ty of the people is the Demiocratic
party-a party which represents in
tlia State, not only what we hare
enumerated, but also tile virtue and
civilization of tihe saxon race. There
is not a tenet of this organizatioit to
which an Ihonost men can take an ex
ception, and to attempt its disintegra
tion, now that it has given freedomi to
an aenalaved people, were a erime of
the most revolitng clatacter.
But soDnse will say, "wVhat has the
ftct of retaining a political organ-of
supporting it by the patronage of the
people, got to do with the iparty, anid
how is that an attempt to destroy
the organization ?" The New Or
leans Democrat is the head and front
of the Demuocratic organization in
this State. Its Editor has the affec
tion, esteem and conifidence of every ]
manu, womani and childt in the organi- s
zation. It is looked to for help and i
tor opinionsb ; to strilte it down is to
nilrder the party. We ask in all
ciindr w hy it wis witlih the
'i.ctinlce aniid Thmes puhblished in the
cit' as long establislihed jouriinals, that
the paity -the white people, deloand
"d llthe estabhillishing oif a journal which
w\il iit repllr(cli lt them ?l The D on
inrt was lthe h1 th of the people.'
wanits; tiestioy" it, and you disatlin
We \iite tlh.se lines mare inl sor
low thani il anger. We hliave no Ile
,ite to ititack the adiiniist iatllion of
governort, Nicholls, odl knlows it
hats peen 11 k iie tinogh to call for( all
1.11l' that ity ; but \(hLen it comes to a
qfl stiion ol f itt piili ng Goverll tr
Nichills in tlh induiligenuce of a policy
n hitiir has for its endl the destrlctioni
the l tl liy hionotied hinm with the
posititon lie now occupieits, and of ro.
,stiog such a patricide, we will not
lihesitate long in choosing which King
\vi' sill .ichld fealty to.
Governor Nicholls, it is tuie, is the
chief Excultive f t le whole pleople,
I hlie ~ as chosencll to replllre'sent t lhe
poflictl. of a cei talin party ; to adlvalnce
their iileas aid1 reclc t their priinci
Iles; hecause that patty contenld that
tholse ideas and priincilples are essen
tial to the weliiare, wellbeing andl
hilllppilness of the peolle of the Stalte.
Ihi Ilhe ;ittempl, ts to set lup his. ouwn
idleas i: ieas thait have beeii thied and
exploded thoul l sandis olf times in the
South tiiiing Rinadic:il reign; ideas
which even consuii:itedl , will result
in nothiing; which are a1s empty as air;
we say, that whlien hie ittt'empilits to
foirce his ideas into adopt:ilion eveii
at the explense otf lihe )eonilcra:cy, then
lthe Cliontest begins tbetwleen hin aind
that partyv-hbegins and endls ithll its
hegiitir1g, because lie could not laist a
moment.
Principles are the Gods, men but
worshipers. C'anute tried hii eour
tiels with the sea, let Nicholls think
bhit a momentr of his position, and he
will yield fealty to the Gods.
The New Orleans Picarune (Friday
Nov. 30(th) has an article on "patty
governlICmenut" that should have been
labeled a "lecture to the Governor."
The Pic contends that a laIge ele
niet, not Democrats, elected the
present State :administration, and
insists that it sho'uld be conducted so
as to give this element, "not Demo
crats," a chance at tihe flesh pots.
This pleasant fiction of a aIrge
clemient "not I)enlocrats voting the
Democrlatic ticket and thercby elect
ing their nominees to ollice, has been
going the rounds of the press, that
press of the Pie's sort, for snlle time,
and it is a fiction of the basest kind.
We venture the prediction that not
live hundred men in the whole State
"nuot Democrats" voted for Governor
Nicholls.
We' would not insult a white Lon
isionian by inferring even, that he
could look on at the plunder of his
people--the muirder of his race, andl
the degradation of his virtue and
civilization, and not lie a Deimocrat
and one too, as Bourbon and violent
as the nature of the case deman;ltded.
People (,otside of Louisiana should
recognize the fact that the most of
the New Orleans jominals are as igno
rant of public sentiment, in the coun
try parishes of their own'r State, as
the King of I)ahoiny. And furthet;
that ithese samiie journals (io not. coll
trol a sing.le man in the country par
ishls. Their editorils aind opinions
have no weight, and receive no at
tention. We state theso as facts
which cannot be gainsayed. There.
fore it is perfectly useless to sutppose
thoise city papers that talk of a large
element "not I)Democrats" who never
theless support Demlocrlatic nomiinees
exist inl this State, know what they
are talking about. It is simply the
airey exhlalation of the brain; but the
baseless fabric of a vision.
When we hear and read of people
making such a bhal assertion as
"that the present General Assembly
contains all the eminent and able
Democrats in the State," we are
forceahly struck with the poverty of
intellect abounding in the party to
which we have the honor to yield
allegiance. A Sahara of brains, as it
were, seems to exist in that enlight
ened body, which we could well bear
with, if that august gathering did not
possess at the same time an arctic
sterility of common sense.
The Constitutional Convention will
be the issue at the next meeting of
the General Assembly-and nothing
else will satisfy our people.
Speaker Bush, is reported as op
posed to party organizations. He
belongs to the "able men" Louisiana
has in her General Assembly.
The very best family weekly paper
in America, to our idea, is the Detroit
Free Press. Every one shares our
opinion, and the more they read it the
more they want to. The yearly sub.
scription price is $2 and it should be
taken in every family in Louisiana.
Without wishing to seem disrespect
ful or flippant, we would ask that the
Hayes Deluoerats in Louisiana should
pull down their vests.
Stanley Matthews was to have been
depended upon to "stand by the Pre
sideut"-it seems the stand by wasn't
very heftv.
State Taxation.
Complaint is universal of high tax
es, and this COml jilainit is just.
We can brielly suggest how it can
he reduced.
First-'There munnst be a Constitu
tional Convention, herause the henv
i('st buirden's resting ulpon us flow
firom the present instruoment.
Secondly--lhen that C(onvention
asse'llbles, besides thle reduction ofI
s;ialirie's, the follnu ing oflie's should
be abolished : Lieut. (Governor, Snt
plinteident of Pilit' Edueation and
Secretlary of State, Parish Judges.
T'x ('ollectors and Assessors. The
S preine (''nit made 4one of lasw nid
r'edneed to tllhlee membhers. Sahivts,
+3.00l per annium for the njpretne
.Julge and "l.,0t0) for each of the as
sociates. District judiges not Ito ex
Ceed twelve in the State. Tenure of
otlice--ten years. Mide oif Ehlection
by the Senate. Salaries-,'3.tKi0 per
aninum. The notuer of State Sen
ators to he '24. Memibers of the Ilouse
-one from each parish anld dlistrict
in New (li leans. Legislaturel to meet
hIi enially. Pay, $l per day. Every
luanch of' governm entt thiich can le
shoul he localized. Pnhlic schools.
&c., to revert to parish control as to
conduct and taxation. A $%50 poll
tax before you can vote, that tax to
go to the support of iublic schiools.
And thirdly n new mode of raising
it revenue must be devised. To this
ncud we < oihl suggest the introdue
tion of the Molli t register. For a
levee tax and to pay interest on levee
bhiids, let each hale of cotton grown,
gathered or packed in pairishes re
'quiring or having had protection by
levees, lpay a tax of -3; each larrel
of lice $1, a;d each Ihugshead of sugar
I'nless there lie such sweeping
changes as w vehave eoumerated, then
the property owner will let his prop
etty sell t hen lie can take the benefit
of the twoyears allowed by the present
law and redeem it in better times,
while the State governmeunt in the
mean time would go to the dogs,
Now. "Kellogg, the scoundrel, vil
lain, thief, fraud, a-hum, hum, has by
tlie vote of a vile partizan Senate
usurped a seat therein, to nhlich he
has not the shadow of a title."
(Indignant utterance of fMr. Buzfuz
in a late uumber of the Weekly Con
ciliator.)
'Twelve months hence. Gentlemen
of the General Assembly, (90 per cent
l)emociats.) I have the honor', ah,
of introdncing to you our Sei u tr,
WVin. Pitt Kellhgg. Alt~Gigh
having been charged with many
things diflfering in sentiment (?) from
o hat the "viohlents" (anit the bible)
thinlk right ; having failed to account
in a great measure for the 4 rge
almount of funds which the taxpayers
of Louisiana are shoit, still gentle
men, I have no hesitancy in anying
that Goveinor Kellogg has totally
and wholly reforled, and his heart
heats warmly for his native land ; as
witness, gentlemen, is vote on t'e
bill appropriating $500,O)0 to "full ap
l''one's bayou;" his efTfirts8 i Iiicl 4e
caled the adoption of the new s5o(iid
ing pole for Eads Jetties; whereby, to
get at 20 feet solid water, we dl ive
the pole four fiet in the mnud, and
conin t le top gunwale of the yawl
tlie watr line, thele by, genitleinen,
seculring the holpe of the grain trade
of the West. Look at his vote on
Tom Scott's railroadl bill, gentlemien,
and then let thlie ''"Bibois" dare de
ny that Governor Kellogg is not abusi
ed wrongfully and shamefully.
Yells, and cries of Bully; where
upon somebody moves a vote of
thanks to the able and latriotic Sen
ator (?) Kellogg, and all go'rilnd the
corner to smile-at thl nice way they
have of pulling the wool over the
eyes of the blasted rural rustics.
All this is "iassuaging political dif
ferences" and "healing individual
wonllds."
Sixteenth Psalm.-S. 1M.
"Rise, sinners rise, &c."
Brother Buzfuz of tine Conciliator
will please lead the tune.
HTas the senting of Kellogg got any
thing to do with that bar'gain. Some
body speak P. 1). Q.
Louisiana is represented or not rep
resented in the Senate by the gentle
man (!) from Illinois, Kellogg. The
gentleman from Tennessee, Spofford,
has our most heartfelt sympathy.
He sticks his head out of his warm
nest -does the democratic official, and
wants to know bega;d, what the d-1
people wanit with a new Constitution
As -,ur friend Potts of the Mansfield
Reporter says: "It's remarkable what
a large amount of good some people
suddenly found in the damned radical
Constitution any way."
David Davis, the ludependent nnm
skull from Illinois, sat in his easy
chair in the Senate when the vote on
Spoflord and Kellogg took place and
kept his mouth shut. He expressed
himself grieved over the rape of Lou
isiana. Still he sat there, a monu
ment of obesity, and the galleries
could'nt tell where the perspiration
euded and the tears began.
Louisianians, when you hear a man
say ho is an Independent, put him
down as a radical. If they don't vote
that w~ay they decline to say "aye."
STATE NEWS.
Choice bits from the Country Press.
SFIANKIAN:-We no longer have a
school in town. Some of tlie chiidetn
- are picking cottonr, siome chasing the
lhate. and somle sitting arouitd town
;learning the way of the world, "he
cause it's too cold to go to school.''-
Sun.
Oi:L'r:.tNS :-Joy unlimited reigns in
Sthe Rdlicail heaIhaliraters.
S. So Wi,. Pitt Kellogg is at last and
agagin a Selatort 'iioni Lnisiaiia. it
is needless to say that the lils have
no 'ei'ling for the blighted hopes ,f
+. Splofflrd.
V ) O the strength 4of the 'nited
 (States 'lnate aIction yesterday manit
of the liepnhlican' have to day "gone
1 1po1)(11 a tt ,'' as lthe boys t';l it.
e O(1 M adison Wells looks hale and
hearty aifter his trillp. lie is surprisd
it the itetitrrnce of' estelday. lhe
was not sanguine that Kellogg wouhi
lhe adrnitted so soon. lie had made
n up his mint that Kellogrg would lie
,. tmir lled to lie 'over iuntil the reguhi r
sessiin. IlI says that 1'rni what he
nouhl learn in \\'ashingtn that the
Scances of ,Jac;k Wharto In for Ihe Mar
t shasbtip ate indeed had. Hie says
t Jack's alililati, wiith IIc. C. Warmaoth
serves as a great obstacle to his cher
sIishcdl hopes. h1i is intlined to think
i;that Ellinghant Lawrence will suffer
disappolitilt n linett on the wame score.
o Thomas C. Andelison also looks
I quite we'll bat refuses to say anythiing.
lie, it is said, would possibly retain
l his it esent position were Lawrence to
he contirmed.
l'ackald stock is now rapidly on the
rise. Wells says that Kellogg is work
ing hard day and night in the interest
of i;Packard.
a Humor his it that ]en Flanders
e must shortly vacate his otlice, that of
Assistalit ' ireiasitrer. If Lawrence is
confirned, Packard waill get Flanderos'
place.
It appears that Benjai iii has re
cently |beenl "on t lhe ttfece." H'lie at
one time tlhi±lht that Lawrence, or
rather Warmlloth's side was to lie the
i inners, buit has teceitly t _ changed
his opitiinio, and would like to slip in
among the P'ackard adherents. The
l'akardites say they don't want him.
T'' hey would like to have Badger or
t some one else in his place. At present
it e Iot does not k favorable ftr Fland
ers. "The storm is a conmin' " say the
ex-Metropolitains, "and we shall see
what is to be."-ltem.
The Obserrer finds Lincoln parish
in favorr of a Constititional Conven
tion ; at least, nine-tenths of the
people are, while thle Sentinel, thlie
1)emnocratic p:iper otl tihe parish. the
D)istrict Jnudge and Attorney, Parish
J udge, and the l'tDemocratic Repre
sentative oppose the Coinventlin.
'The Obserrer justly chartges the Sen
tinel with misreplresenting public
opinion, and scores the ''ins" for
their opposit ion to the needed lmeas
I ure.
u . t)ISON :-'On Friday last, Mir.
Alexanler, a gentleman li iniil on Mr.
James Stal nbronghl's ilantation, kill
ed the largest palntheri ever seen in
this parish. It mneasir red ten feet and
one inch long. Mr. A. has kindly
furnished us with onet of the fore
paws of this tetociiis aiiineal, which
we' are hlaviutg sitt,td *titd will kleep
oli exhihition ini the Joutrlial sanettllm1.
WEfste"::-One of the ]ivliest
Itowns ttol be founlld atlywlt'e aIt this
ti ne is Miidien. Cor tut wlgons by
the sctr te ill the streets, and buters
are lively. Gooils are selitig low
and puirchatsers are pIlentiful, Last
Wednesday, we are creditably in
fIrnled, one hutdred and lift" hales
olf cuttoill were si hl! ott oltr st ieels.
lMitden is looking up tand itmptovirg.
Evctry stirc he hU is llce pit ed as well
as evet y dwelling.-Deimocrat.
AOuActrrA :-We have nroticed that
somte of oulr planters have been get
ting in our Mut roe market h igh pri
ces for extra staple cotton, and we
tnhave heard that one oif the varieties
-the Chatplilln, we thinik it is called -
is a fine yililing ti cotto. If this is
true, and if tihe seed o an lie plrieoured,
it is certaitly worth looking iito and
wtortlh a Irial by ur lila nters. It is
very certain that staple is, with buy
element i detertininug the 'valie of
cotton, aurcd by pIlanttig these extia
staple tecd we may get up. a reputa
tion for our cottirn which will pay.
We peseuine it will not cost teuch for
ainy body to try it next season.
Teleg a iph.
]:,Re v o e: -Thle champion bale
of cotton of die season was receiv ed
Iat Love's warehotse til Thursday,
ithe 29th tilt. The hale was purellchas
el by Messrs. Love & Reese f ora Mr.
Z. Taylor, ef Ringt.olhl. It was pack
ed at the gin of Mr. D. C. Thoimas,
hadl seven yardls of bingging, seven
ties--all spliced-and weighed nine
hundred atid forty-nine ponds.
Messrs. Love & Rees rejected the
bale in its original state, ani it was
repacked into two hales. It was then
veighed the seoud tuime and rat over
the first weight, owing to the fact
that additional bagging had been
used in repacking.-Citizen.
BATON ROUGE :-As we go to press
we learn front the Rev. J. A. Reilley
of East Feliciana, that, on Wednes
day, while the Rev. Mr. Graham of
Summit, Miss, was ot his way to
Baton Rouge to attend the Presb. te
tian Synod, in attempting to cross the
creek at Pool's Mills, nine miilesabove
Clinton, found the stream too deep to
ford and tried to turn his horse about
t) escape the danger. He had par
tially succeeded, and had managed to
get out of the buggy himself and was
jtst in the act of reseting his daughter
wlhsrn both the horse and the buggy
,enut down carrying the unfortruate
young lady into the stream, and she
was drowned before she could be res
cued. This was a sad misfortune and
Mr. Graham has the heartfelt sympa
thy of his many friends in our com
munity.-Adrocate.
OuAcImTA: - Sixteen emigrants
from Alabama arrived on the cars
Sunday, to settle in Webster parish.
Why doesn't Onachita interest her
self in procriug settlers for our idle
lands? Certainly we can offer special
inducements. Why not o,'ganize our
efibrts ?-Observer.
BATON ROUGEo:-As there appears
to be a lull in the matter of the State
of Louisiana vs. Wells, Anderson, et.
als., we should like to inquire if the
authtrities are going to prosecute
these men for the crimes they have
committed, or will the cases be post
polied lfrom time to tim niid he finallyv
pl:iced on lthe dea(C!d docket. It is time
that these men i , in.stead of tilling high
p,'hlic trulstn s ialI exetr'ling iInlimlllhted
I inlluences to fill Iubllic ofliceis 'with
l their tools, should lie called to the Ihar
of lpuiilie justlee to niswer the char.
.ges made aga insl them. Will the
piress ot New (OMteu Ihllease thr'ow a
- little light on thle snhijeet ?--A droeate.
Louisiana has to lear with patience
a great mlnany travails; Kellogg for
instaiee, who i. regarded as the (rand
P'tty L:renyV Governor of the age,
has juist been seated as Senaat Wor fmon
Louaisiana, by a vote of 31) ayes to '?
nays. Slpo'ffrd. the choice ia the As
sem1bly of the elected Legishltoris, had
ino chlanlce fiola the beginniinig as the
\YINti".TllOP piredicted all along. The
lhipullicans halow the splendor of
lhcir organization eveni in their death
throes.
Hlow is it with the DeImocracy ?
A look at Louisiana will convice
the tmaost skeptical of the utter filly
of allowing what is termled tihe "n'lihl
element" Io have the reins. These
are stiriing times, extraoadinary lie
ionld conception. Tiimes in which the
very liberty of the American, citizen
is being conltended for, and it were
worse than a crime to leave thie lman
ageament in the hands of men imlnhed
with visionary, impractickal, idlotic
sentiment.
If Democl'ray is to succeed, and the
fullest liberty secured to the republi
can citizen of America, thetr our par
ty must put MI:N to the fore, not en
thusiasts and diieanmets.
TIIE short lase it populalrity whichi
1So Iiany lpreplarations havie experi.
Scluced proves to a demonistration the
l Spleriority of 11)M -To(At.tlCIl lrI'
TElS over tlhem in its medicinal vi'r
tues. Especially in the cure of chills,
tever, dyspepsia, and liver disorder.
Sroclaius through his Agent
That ihe hag supplied him with the fin
cst assortllment of
TOYS!
0ys1,7 ,
HVER OFFERED TO IIIS SUBJECTS.
The old and yoing have not leerii for
gotten undl 11 R. R1USCA has personally
selected this
.'iItftmoIIh .IFssor etItll
-OF
CHRISTMAS & NEW YEAR
PRESENTS
with his usual care.
(Call eaily before the rush and secure
selections, ait the
DEPOT OF TO YS,,
Blow the )it Bridge oi ,Teffrson street
D .,t"L. C. SCIRBORO I I,
ATT'O NIE IN FACT.
w IL, practice in the District and
Parish Courts of Natchitoches,
W'inn. Saline and Grant.
All hlisiness itruisted to his care will
receive promlpt attentiion.
Otllhe with W. 11. Jack Esq., Second
Street, Corner Trudleuix, Natchito4chcs,
La. Dec. o-ly.
COCHIN POULTRY YARD,
BORDE. rUX STREET,
Between Pitt and Prytania, New Orleans.
DUNLOP BAKER, Proprietor.
HIGH CLASS POULTRY.
Eggs for Hatching $3 per Dozen,
Shipped to any adldress on receipt of
Cash
Buff and Patridge Cochin a Spe
ciality.
Dec 8--3m.1
WOOD.
OAK and ASHl wood in any size de
livered lt prices to snit the timnes. All
orders left at M. H. Carver's or Mrs. M.
A. Burke's promptly attended to.
J. P. JOHNSON.
Dee. 8-1m.
AUCTION SALE.
TOWN LOTS.
I will offer for sale to the highest and
last bidder at the Court House door
in the city of Natchitoches, on
aIst, 2d, 3d, and 4th Monday in Dec.,
twenty lots of ground, sitluated in the
city of Natchitoches between, and from
Second Street and to Bayou Jacko,
nulmbered on the Map of said city, from
lots No. 1, to No. 20, inclusive, each lot
containing a front of 96 feet, running
back to a depth of 165 feet.
Termns of Sale.
One third cash, the balance in % and
12 mouths. Acts of sale at the expentse
of the purchaser, with vendors privilege
and special mortgage retained to secure
payment of credit ternls.
J. LEONARD BULLARD,
Nov. 17-3t. Auctioneer.
J. J. McCOOK & Bro,,
Have the Celebrated Chaufa Seed for
sale, and they pay the
HIGIIEST CASH FIGURES
for Cotton and Hides, and have a full
assortment of goods at the lowest cash
prices. Tov 94~i. moo
h..
C L O'IIII -- - -
M. BATH,
iMerchant Tailor.
CLOSE FITS, ll(O.E1ST \OihK.
c MATERIAL FIRST-CLASS,
-ANI) AT
PRICES TO SUIT THE TIMES
8 Call at ndy Esabllishmentlt,
SST. IENISu s'T"EiT',
c NATCHITOCHES, LA.
e No\. 24 li.
IESIIGNATION.
WINxcI-srtl . TE:NN., Oct. 1", ;i .
I h1:ave thlis ay ris,,iirntl Ii fI\ itif n off, 1
Agent to iiiy llfthfr. r's. I? \Valnih ,v.
in vicw olf otllttr Unt-S , S ii~ f ll:lfnIf iitf.
G.L . '.tALMSLEY.
NOTI('E.
SAs lny sonl. (George L. W\alnlyll., ha
thisf la . 1. i. .ltih, 1 S77, rtl4tlnid .i ity}
Agentl I i'o ntii li.A" n .,p iiu risi;ratioii,
l aiill ar l no iti fid tlih;i I shi ll i ilt ilr,.
after onfl-itehr ilt\fIf hoiiilil l an"iiv f1
his transactionlls.
E WALTATIA'Y.
S'ilichli stlr, TI ni., Oct. . 1,77.
N OTICE
TO be rented to the liihighestt bhidder for
til year IfiK I7. ill front of L. A. Se1';
Sit tlre, a Chlontitirvil Il ol
WEINI:E I).1Y, hI ) nlfmhfr 19th, 1'77,
"The Sfrllphhin Iachial Plantatioiln." iTh
leissoir to txel(ttilli" hllis ,rofiisoi-ry llHti
with good and solvent ill. i nst ity. Poss",
sion of the lilare to he given oi te 1ist
day oft'J llnary l187I.
SL. Cl'IAIL;FVII.LP,
Dec 1 3t Tutor.
LOOK HERE!!!F
8. WINBARG,
. (Corner II:O()NT & IIOltN Sts.,)
DECLRES REBELLION
--ON-
IIIG-1 PRICES8
FALL AND WINTER
GOODS.
A full, complete, select as
sortment of merchan
dize, fresh froIm
market, ard
bought
at rieduced prices, which
enables him to sell
BELOW the LOWEST.
Youths'
and Mens'
CLOTHING,
of the finest niake and niaterial a
specciality.
A coiiplete stock of
U"UR NITI2URE,
the Best and Ciheapest everc
brong htto this market.
All lines of GOODS suited to
the wants of Natchliitoches cus
toni.
COMIE BEFORE THEY ARE AIL GONE.
Don't forget the plcce,
S. WINBARG'S
Corner Front & Horn Sts.,
NATCH!TOCHES, LA.
FROM HER ASHES.
Thle PhIliix has lint Oil new life and now
caters for public 1favors.
J JWarren Suddalth
has taken cllharge and DAN now dislpcnsts
the choicest
BRANDIES,
WHISKIES,
LIQUORS,
CIGARS,
RICH ST. LOUIS BEER ON 1)RA'T.
Don't forge.t, ye thirsty, the IPm:NIX
on St. ])Dleis Street.
IFeb. 24.1y
Lopold COtrtel
COFFEE HOBE
Corner FRONT and HIORN Streets.
March 25-ly Lunch firee every lday.
'everly Tuolker,
General Collector.
o7 All Accounts iprmiptly ctlhcictel.
G 4et jour printing donie at
the VINDICATO' ,l Jo Office.
For ,ccout! fi r E no .
Lan . Certificates
lt S ,lt h, t pi ulltI . r, ' ,frti t of7
.1 rS lcj i12I
::'.I 71.1-1 , .\,.t,".. 'ut th,: t ý11,rte
otl ,h w *'st qu I~ .r o f .... lln0 12 •
, n 11.1 i
4f1l .'1,1 " . I '1 `, 12,
I lth( - t11 11 t,. ' ,u t ,,, . t rtn r oe
", 1li ) ll. 1 ' , \1-,11 ,l -Jli) In I ltlh , . I
Si)ll , w ..hi, Nl h l ll K
) i-iN 'ie . i t I ' iO r I.
hout ,1:c 1 ,at11 lt I ,'f,t r o11fai11 r: h e n.t
t;lh .t:uii. l i i, , I . l c . 1s i 1 11: 1 ,I l 1ng
w sol(\" hir , l i. 1 lh 1," . l 'i f "Ihrahl l Ii
111444'. : 5. 'iii.is  l itrt : i,'t " i It I t' acrh e
to li ,t. 7I. ie
2T ;o l 1) . l i l't , A f -I r, . 1 1 '1 .t h al) f ] ' if 1 P
' I'h ii I. 'il, , " l' . s n, (1 l.t , ' im n "rt"
1441 J4-111ti , :ls th :1 11;1 1 of114
r,1( , r 11ti |.ly" 41' , 0 ' a Re
4'll]. S, to e1sh1i 1 1S. It n o , a. Pl eg bt
i lt) 1 -l n .1 1.11". 'Itu d ea,"l ( o m th -,.i
l tA an, l tl; rao . I ,l ()hIi ll fif'i , n. I t ll
s;lai d )t r a'(i l iin l il.t7 . l). t hti ousre oan
T'hl,' st l) an:it i 31 ll ie . t1,1 h ill r oltatenle
t:I I)' timil . a . g111" f iiellel , a
EaMi 'll' g.l ':r t.l] n iI'I I bI .' toli
ii l ', i lt St iiei l h'. 1 ( l" I or tht- l I
2. and it t 1tatnd in I) pa.iberish h
at I 4 i,' , II tiIit 41' tli. i t hIri ifa lthe thig
hTwot: tf h i tif' lI. , Inl ' ]adti, lt atin
Iea'i cill out' S l in " I t.in,. o, ' tig oif
aWeI t ot a I ll in , 9ttnf 1 4t-l till. b acre.
T hispe 4 ' ai litivh ,twif f.ti
l 'ntiijnte to (l$ il t I 1l r eil l i llI an eixty
a:1114 of4 41:tiifl ss ii r t!; k, whgipte 2 to3
rli ll and41 , r its (li (11l . 'iver, Eastants
itlf to ice nti4 , 1.71 arilIil bttInr land.
hWest 1 14ankth) ti44 is li-0 a4n1 l t (lrill land,
For s lna tielar ) w11h] ( (1
EM1114 E S1 . A\\ :1 1) 11' tit'C
(alii. . O.
tat Iriitw.s l'atish,
R'. TAI pr:l'f I ,,ltati I or tract oi
i lan 1, . sitat li l it lit (aristh of led
,iv r. st t o f Louisi na, ti ot thel right
(Iihank of Iri e r iver, h d s1 4onsling opposite
Lor v lth u. being. ain sections MM 
i tull 2ti ., in T ruw n ,.hilt I , 1w Rane 11,
eIt, contlain ing ti 3 76-1tL'thres.
This ,lanwtation ,tha l now in a ultiva.
hon anul h un(er goof, hu hnce, about 360
.ntw", uior), or lea , wit , valnuable ith .
llrovemel"r lt, Consisting of a dwelling
]]lhoust, gi n fhus. 't\gro cabins. cor,
at I"r.iv\atte 'al) B
A tZr'rtain tract of ]taitl or plantation
situhatl, in tl' Irtarisvt of ]want, Statedf
, .se. , L. stan l..n......ne, from the
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS,
SUC('ESION SALE.
SuCccssion of Xichotl Kcefr, dec'd.
" I virtue ofit an ortil'" of the Honorable
SIParisi, (C'rt:, and in order to ef
fct a ipartit iion aniong the heirs at law
of Nichlolas K+l efir, I will sell on
Wcdnlesd'ayt, 1th/ day (of Janimary, 18178,
it tlit, place ouf last residence of the lde
ceasedl, in the pai  h, all of the miovabli
alll iniiiiovaitble piroperty belonging to
said Slc'.'essionll, as dlescribed on the
Inventory.
Tertms of Sle.
CASHl-sulbject to appraisement.
SAMtEL RAINS,
Representing t Ig s he l(eirsof the Succession.
leer d.-td s.
NOT1IICE.
SALE OF FERRIES.
HIE rihlie :arl herehi notified that I
owill otlir for sale at Public Auction
at tihl, ('oirt Ilouse door in the towniof
Natchitoches, hitween 12 o'clock m., ald
2 p. in., onI
Sat.lrdal!, 21ith of December, 1877,
all the iight, title, and jnrisdiction 0(
said Parish oiver the fillowing ferfriet
to-wit:
At the Month oif :Bayou Derhanne.
The Strong Ferry, on the Saline.
The Ferry across the Bon[iicu, at the
Moiinth of Cane River.
The Ferries w 11 1,i sold for CASH, i,
Parish Paper, for a term of 3 Sears frogl
tilst of Jaiiuary, 18I. i'urchasers tV
give hondil and security for the faithfof
pertforniaine of th liir dutlies.
W31. PAYNE,
'Prsilldent Police Jury.
Dec. t-tds.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
'lTheo Schuman vs. A. & A. Tauzia,
Parish Court. No. 1149.
[)Y virtue of a writ of Fi. Fr. i.lMd
I) in the above entitled and nmibert
ed suit and to me directed, I have seized
and will ofittr for sale to the last nad
highest bidder at the door of the Coal
Houllse in the city and parish ofNatchi'
toches, on
Saturday, 5th day of January, 18197
the following described plroperty to.wit:
The undivided two-tfirds interesti is
and to a certain planhtation situatedia
the Parish of Natchlitoches, on the lef
batik of Can;li River dlescenltding, oppO
-ite the city of Natchitichies, contaiunlla
thrle hundlred acres, miore or less, toget
er with all the buihldings and ilimprove'
mlints thereon, hoainded above by Ia1d6
now, or tirmerilv hilontgiun to Amnbroil
Lecuite and Anthroise Sonipilyrac SE
and below by lands lelongingl tO 9Bal
A.nlbroise 8,Ipli.t.rac Sr.. and being the
sauce plantationt acquiredil liv Alidaand
Aniurozi ne Taizin at the Snccession sole
of the' prolerty tandl titVts of John Blair
Snith, ialhe on the liilth daiv of Februti
ry, 1fsi;6, thie Ulºluer third of said planta.
tion having been sili bly thl said .lid!
Iand AInhiozi 'i' Tluzini to Virginit iin
sier, wife of l.. .JIsl lhorsier, by act l
sale beifore W lhYl' . Ka Itrane+y. Recotdt.L1
on the I4th iacly of Deeibnetitr, 1574.
TermR, of Nale.
CASl--with the lienlit ,of :iairaiserelll*'
D, II. BOUL.LT, JR.
IL)*c. 1- td. SherifE