11 I t- l
u 18. ':I f: rr ,I f111;ii i fo It~ I Ini -i _- _ . _
ýa,110t1~~~~~~~~~- 1 1 \I4ýI [(ItiIL , 1 il (~ ~~ l,(;%
Iylarn 111 60 ' II, .~.~~-1i~(IIIS ~.. ~ iI: 7.N J 8 ~ ~ aiifiadnutb ~i i
SBNESS DIRECTORY.
'A IlN- aI . . 'iter, t i, - t' ,iI . dI an t
at 1\t W n' ,l n 1. eni t rk.
"'li'lt ' T L " \". " ýt:a -l:."er 4;ard,.n ,,
ý . Fi; iP \\'i - lor. 'nd I'lu, St, Ib i
\A L Cl [ - I , +st , .61 1 t ; 1),nit qtr,,'t.
---- t N!ta . ,flŽ ,,,. `i. t),',,l- 4,
.treet.
( ý- t L s h 1 rI i- i."l Hl
Rept ireI St , ') . . .. I i p , . (
D . BR FL-- I,., I Ir ,. 1-k r f ti. i t.
- iLAP 1 N I) I \ Iti ,. I I \I l .- itN. -. r
S Kiotatio tpplieYs . I'r er uI No!
--  T- y-"-r ' , 1 it - 1 l', . a
i trE'A tt. a «- ' , ,.
1 ; .r n t.. a li ert h a til, Ii , ,t , , t -. . ..
1 PrAr N N II' t ( all' ai l it'i r ,th
S D, t rAg e n t li -r r t. .e..
SI L 1'. S1. t !iA - I ii, t . o.ttnt rl in
D acI\InW e with \t'. II .lack, l e.i -nd S.tt .
.1A. I I - anttr t-- tre ri e It.
, u rt'Ir s a et ,lt' 1':i1( Ir 1 l , t St I 'rnt - i
S R. IIE -I ,t al., l +hi, . Ioe 'l, :t1.)1d re,,pair
A d, n i "i - .I' rtLett.
U 1 )RI;E W. KE,1It NEY Reorder :unt No
J tart 1thli', I r n' t lt. - - ,:21 trvot.
T" 'inware. Fl 1,,t ,str' ,'t.
J KA.FFEI - -)ry - .tit ak i 4;r,." erie, 'ront
," street.
LT LITI'I'rENA.ITEIN-lenn-r',I a+.w.rtnt tl
J. Dry IGu i a. d t 1 N, .I.ri,. , F'ri ut .Street .
?? Front 'treet.
lI --
" WR ,  , ,,,'u i S t . I ' u i. e" t .
gllJnt ,' rt iu a+nd Ornrtits, Wash
* ISgton street
1 F Lr X-1)t'l iVM[ t :l turd f" a rovrit", JIeiter"
* tn, street.
I te\(' l irs .olm;.Io , I;a"d .ro '',er helow
Sthe Dirt hri,-i . •i trITr. . t Ira . te-el . ...
J . KV iOt) & -' Ii t -(et i - a l a lt r Isi,-ris.
Ih aw h, lirt he i ear lJeltilerson Street.
T i,(iE\,) ) t. I' 1-- ( hin i +111,l;lid ru .rf i.f ,
ie Washin.tor. st. eet.
TAS. (UEICti'I G4 1. atts and ;r Sacriple .rtr
1I nor Jeterdo, ln and ti.h nlet Stree .r1t-.
T W, SITDI)Ih\Til-Trh l'he P~ni'x-t'hnir'e Li.
I* qornd l istrl , St. Denis Str eet.
JAMS. tB.. Ttt'KERt--.\ttorny," at Law Str
SDentA, Stre t. t.
JAS. KING.-1 -attchutak , and Jeweler, St.
SDenis strPset.
J DUffCKIXR .t ..:rne.. ant d S~addel \', J
J Washingtom st rt.
J C.TRICIIEL--G lnera ll serthandi, e.Wash
. Ilaton street.
J DICASSE-G Gstneral .is.,rtient of vier.
,c lhthe,Washinton street.
'o H.STEaPFIlENS-Lamrer Yarl. aintersection
Sront. Lafayette and \Vashingtun streetis.
J. .Mlr'OOK & -Il1.).--rGenerall Wholeisal
* and Retail Dealer and atte A Ge,1t for Wag' ]
ne, Washington sttreet.
J A. DU('OU'RN.XI'-Fancy and Staple Dry
"' GOfls, 1lo4,.1, Shoes. Hats and Clothing,
ent s atreet...r
JAMES T. SPWti\\' L - Ho.m.. Poin . and or.
a"nsental p.tint.r, Front St., orner Touline.
L CARfle l,-Ph., 0 a.n gar R,,m.. choice
L Wine, Li.iarA an d Cigars, Front street.
LEVT&PHILLIaPlI-Full stock Fancy- and
SItaple Dry (ntlds and Gr-ceries. Front at.
~V~i i, MAN--Iu'tniy 5541Plats!ist
. DCPI.EIX -Land Agent, S . Denis street.
M . CARVER-Dry GFo,.l, Grceriestt and
SGeneral al Merchantdiz, r In t street.
0 BUHAFFRA'TII-Rent and Shoe Maker,
, St. Denia Street.
. CAPLKMARTIN--Groeral n esortinent of
SGoods of all kielao .Iferst n sl"reet.
-O-W-LL 't GaSL Alti-Phyicaini ,lon Stree.
geonl St. Lhnio Street.
P VrELEMANS - -nllertaknr, Washlio tn, ron
* Street.
.POETE --Baker, ,I ,.J|el'r, n street.
DeFT.IEAN BCLIT-ORTw TI & Ct oo--Wod
I work ald Bhckamitbing. Corn, r :td and
tiblhy Sts.
P. VBI'LE,.I N ---Familv "rnd 'la ntati.on
(h'G e t'rioe, Wa+hlngtot n street.
• S. +'A LVE ---Dentist,. etrtason sr et Mt
T E. BR-K a-CnheapFamitv ant Wefternu
t* Grocery Dealer, aront stret.
R P. BUTSON--Liver, Sale and Feed Stable,
W St. I -tuis Street.
0 NELKINS- Dry Goods nnd Groceries, .eftt
. ernon Street. below Dirt bridge.
Q WINBARG--Gneral Merchandize. Plan
U tatlon and Family ,Supplies, Front Street
PON.--Dry Goods and Groceries, Wash
,3p LICO,;TE.Draggist and Apothecary,Front
T ALLER--Bnck's Brilliant Stoves and
*iware, Washingtou Street.
T TAUZIN--Billiard Room and Bar, Front
T• SE.;TlAN--W1holewale and Retail Mor
*bsat-general assortment for the trade
at street.
W r JACK...Attorney at Law, ad street, i
WH. DOST--Boot and Shoe Maker, St. Denis
Street.
I
Professional Cards.
"I. J. CUOW INGflJP1,
ATTORNEY AT LA VW.
44 Czrodet Street, NFw ORLEANS, LA.
ILLttead the June and December terms
e te Districts courts at his old home
Nblcttoekr, lJ.
Wn. L. Jaok.,
(S0owesor to JACK & PIaRso.Y)
Atarsey amd Counselor at Law
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
ILLpractice In the Courts of Natohitoches.
!lablne, De8oto, Red River, Winn, Rapides,
r Bant, and in the Supreme Court of the
be, Claims promptly attended to.
&prflQ 1877.
Wmn M. XLey,
ATTORNEY AT LAW.
(tWa Resumed the Practice of his Profeesio.)
JLL praetiee i,' the Parish and District
C"Mrts of Natchitoches and Red River
~p11 . Court of Louisiana. United States Die.
Ci:srit Court of Louisiasa and U. 8.
tefClamrs at Washnlgton.
0dRce in the Lacoete Btilding t(Up
tkTIim.) . Ad
NATCHITOCRES, LA.
.lEDII.1' II.\"1 1 J~I';1 t, O.1
ATTORNEY & CoU ER1,f AT LAW
(OVMJ'sIATTA,
l'I:D 1:1 VIr;! PARfISH, LOUkiI.I. V.1.
'N -,) i·:lcN vc in C'onsbattar, N;ft,'rii
t111,11i.' li e II rd cases an I .-ii" ,i$i-.- llý'.
C. C IA I'1.\. '. . 1: .1 11 1 .P (I l' " I
.1.ttrrtr~ttr' r it/ rrlcr,
PRACTICCEn ii· i,"I (',Intl, Ili'
Natchitoches, 1i)i: !, anl
Red River ruid in th " .;i1ii'.1" I' t i I
the Ntate. March 2-ly.
/ H. ' 'SKIS HAM.
L~ttorýiqr & Qous U o tr 1t3X, f
St. Denis Streit,
Natii1litoelle..=. :: /1" `
`j X 11.1.ýIt l" ltr lllt/t Will (t 1'..1:.( 1!; 11 att
c ill l If I
111 11"' 1)1v 1I1 111. 1'11IV i
' ttý1111It .i it \1 tlI-IIvII U1 rt. 1),'Sutu anll ".I ý,l tl, ;il l~ It,'ttI' \il
Ole ; 11,T.iile 1'~111 at I1,111'I " ;tll . \ t"\\'lll
Olheli.. J lii
()' , I I . .1.111 , -1 \'
iE7' 3'4H~ L1'b IN FA.CtEr'.
(L1 uth s l tli tli andli'tun
\Ve-l ('arci Sl liid't' ilof N:itehi1iiti'i"I.S
A Ii i!II ý '. I itl ll ' t i1li(IN i
itisiulcs\s Ca+rdIs.
fIli'. A. l1 11". H .! ,h ii . 1:'.t 1i , LI.n
tI 1,1 A
I \n 1 ' tn1 NIitAA 1el lllilE\IoIe. I\;
HI E u I ter id' l ll hhi itll'tiII rilerl'tuII llieee'
i~Iii-h -5-I . Nat~ll 1 teithiii, iid.
.. 0. 'TricOhel,
.1I'. .GIh01)5, (;HVii'EhIEs, HALD.
M. BE. BOOTS ainl shOES, A DIATS,
~ le.l1 nt 711, H N 11.P.uM1ineic.
.AL It., I"
1){ 1 1, 01S
GRHOG ERZZ: S
I~'lliue~I iI II I l~:hhlfoe lr: Ie (
l II WALMOI. It. M, I VeAl il.Ei
lCu. iL.WA LMSLEYr & CO,
CO(TTON F'A(TORM
I j -AN)-
,jCENEKAl CO)1ThSION ~1ERC1AN~TS.
SPerido St. NewN Orleanei, I.a.
Mareb i5-l .e.
Osca'r C1:'1h:11
('OTTON FACTOR
COMMISSIO1N MIERCHANT,
: n 65 CARONDELET ST.,
jJuly 1 -ii NC\V ()r'LeaIIr.
JAMES G. MOISE,
Portrait Painter, Natchitoehes La.
CABINET SIZE AND PRICES EXCLU
SIVE OF FRAMES, OVAL OR
SQUARE.
8xl0 $15,t4). 10x12 $16,00. 12xl4 17,50
14x16$20,00. 16xl8 $25,00.
I x20 $30,00. INx24 35,00.
LIFE SIZE, HEAD AND BUST, OVAL
OR SQUARE
200x44 $40.00. 22x27 645,00. '5x3o $50,00
KIT.KAT, SQUARE.
0x36 & 30x36 $80,00, each.
Portraits ofdeceaea d persons painted
from photographs.
Dec 15-tf
me mm m lm ;t ie. m :i i r | " 1i `
6 tiffe 1'r 'I'i f o l }o,)W Ilni . '1:.t (I'\ < i . •
It Is eami lso.o fl f h. riaI 1pl',)t - , w " ' I
1l11$'eI.: th tach.*.;¢ 11.l:11 fi11l .'ir c I'l ; n1. Ia .
riustil:,- i iv,. "."; n '-"t", it t1o 1be '),e'p:t
ratedl , ,ull itt olite s icte"s': the, inlIailnlt it.i
whirlh produi;cs thl' .:. -righ. A siug1le dI",:1
relieves the. mnout di -t r'"-'ni: paron . c-..
aootlle nlrvol' sniO e4S', tljgol eInale4 Ir llit i2
fefre to. a iivy  ,u.nt rest at nlight. I:i'in-a is
l)Ieatsll1t lorli;til, it tone'. th e'a. -\nt n
itch, n.lli iz ,.p vcially recoluunautned fi
chlIdreni.
What others say about
Tutt's Expecto'ant.
Had Asthma Thirty Years. ,
B}LTM110to, F/'u arr3I, I';.
"I;Latc' h t,]: A.thura n :ty' ye:;z, . ,u Ale. " err und 1
a ultUltrle that .ad isuh ha, v effct.
W. F. HOGAN, Cherl.s St.
A Child's Idea of Merit.
NErw OULtSs,g' N trtrlltr I -, tb.
"Tutt's P pect rant is a tamil iar n .,ie i my houec.
vy wilfe thinks it the bEst ucth, ite in the worlt,
ind the chillrcn sy it is 'nhrer th::n molasr'.i
calny.'" NOAH WOODWARD, 101 N. Poaydras St.
"Six, and all Croupy."
" 'I m the mother of six childr'n ; all of them have
been croupy. Without Tutt's E.:pectr:ant, I dent'
think they could have survived some of the attacks.
It is a mother's lh in,. ."
MARY STEVENS, Frankfort, Ky.
A Doctor's Advice.
' In my practice, I advise all families to keep Tutt's
Expectorant, in sudden emergencies, for coughs,
croup, diphtheria, etc."
T. P. ELLIS, M.D., Newark, N. J.
Bold by all dr,uggists. Price $1.00. Ofico
35 Murray Street, New York.
"THE TREE IS KNOWN BY ITS FRUIT."
"Tutt'sPilis are worth theirweight in gold."
REV. I. R. SIMPSON, Louisville, Ky.
"Tutt's Pills Pre a npecal bleting of the nine
teenth century."-REV. F. R. OSGOOD, New York.
"I have used Tutt's ills or torpor of the liver.
They are superior to any medicine for biliary dis
orders ever mad.."
I. P. CARR, Attorne at Law, Augusta, oa.
"I have used Tutt's }Is ive years in my family.
They are unequaled forcostiveness and biliousness."
F. R, WILSON Georgetown, Texas.
"I have used Tutt's Mledicine with great benefit."
W. W. MANN Editor Mobile Register.
"We sell fifty boxes Tutts Pills to five of all
others."-SAYRE & CO Cartersville, Ga.
"Tutt's Pills have .ly to be tried to establish
their merits. They work like magic."
W. H. BARRON 36 Summer St., Boston.
'There is no medicine so well adapted to the cure
of bilious disorders as Tutt's Pills."
JOS. BRUMMEL, Richmond, Virginia.
AND A THE D MORE.
Bold by druggists. 25 cents a bor. Offee
365 Jfurray Street, New York.
TUTT'S HAIR DYE
INDOREZD.
HIGH TESTIMONY.
FROM THE P.qCIFIC JOUR.:AL.
has been tade ,y,). 'TT, N York,
which retores youthful beaut\y to the hair.
That eminent iclemlst has suceeded in
producing a Hair Dye which imitates
nature to perfection. Old bachelors may
now rejoice."
Price $1.00. Offper 3.5 Miurray St.,
New York. Sold by all drugglets.
r -
JOHN 3. TUC'KER,
Inei '.trte WV n .d I.
St. penis Street. : : Xatchitoehe., La.
P IOMPT I' tttention give'n to all lusinesi
entrusted to his care. '
S('Claiims collected at simall cost.
Refel's to the Bar (Generally.
A. lE. Lemee,
NOTARY PUBLIC.
(Ottiee Imller V indicator Oflice,)
ST. DENIS STREET,
NAT('IHITO('HE.S, LA.
April 29.
1l. NOR ES
JEWELER, JEWELER,
WARCD M[
OPTICIUAN PTICIlN.
All kinds of repairing done at tlhe short
est notice, and in the most artistic man
ner, with full satisfaction guaranteed.
I:loks, Watches and Jewelry for Sale at
the Lbolest Rates
A FULL & COMIPLETE STOCK.
Office and Shop on St. Denis St.. corner Second.
Dec. '2-l v.
COCHIN POULTRY YARD,
BORDEI UX STREET,
Between Pitt and Prytania, New Orleans.
DUNLOP BAKER, Proprietor.
HIGH CLASS POULTRY.
Eggs for Hatching $3 per Dozen,
Shipped to any address on receipt of
Cash.
Buff anti Patridge Cochin a Spe
ciality.
Dec. 8--3m.
O. Shatfrath,
Boot and Shoe Maker.
CHALLENGES the world for neatness
and durability of work. Satisfacti 'l
in fit and material guaranteed
Shots ,,a St. Denis St.
Beverly Tukol.er,
General Collector
0T' All Accounts promptly collected.
OUR WASHINGTON LE'TTEII.
\V. ttaIxGTON 1). C., Marcht 1t; 7-.
Tl'h,.rte are indieations of a viihlill.,
orn 111i part of" Mr. Hales, th two
classes Imost opposed to hlIll -'extllrelne
l:;ulital antid the old leadetd of t Ihl.
IRepulicali party. teeeI I t events
mliake probable tie ltetirelintt i' of at
least two, and pi lro l yl tihl'-e ('Cabi
net otficel(r, tian attempt to b3iiiut hia(k
the solier ele'nlent IIy piltotl Ite Ili:
I)urseulent. of the public I toni y to it,
ilanid ain iiitetlll tol revive ill the N tthN l
the ihl tii , sectional spirit. Ihilppily
Mr. lHa}es hais gone so far that lie cian
not, by returniing to his former asso
ciates, ieenver gilrounld he onile held.
Happily the Iluise has a Democratic
Maijority, andl Ithe Senate is nearly a
tie. Happily, too, the vast majority
of tlihosl who 1supportetd MIr. Hayes in
his conlciliation policy were more die
interestedl, mIore ihoinest, more stable
than he, and will not teltnin in a p.ir
ty which seeks to strengthen itself
hereafter by a revival of old and dan
gerous quarrels. Mr. Blaine takes
little stock in the eontemplated bar
gain. Indeed, he is not one of those
wh1to believe that the next campaign
can be won ont pately sectional isstes.
He is nxiiously seeking new\ questions
oln which new spirit cnn be infused
inito the Republican party.
H. Stanley Matthews yesterday
spoke in the Senate chatimber to an
audience about equally comnposed of
enllators and people having an inter
,est in the Union land Central Pacific
Railroads. He spoke three houts in
f~ri'or of acceptance, by the Govern
ment, of tlihe settlemient proposed by
those roadls. Senator Matthews may
not have had the Imouey of the corpo
ratiiions, in his pocket, hot his speech
was the speech of an advocate, not of
it person trying to do justice to both
lparties to a dispute. The committee
bill, ulhich lie opposed, seems to pro
vile a ieians by which. without crip
pliiig the companiiies, the Government
c:an seetre the reimbursement by
theml of the lirge advances made to
assist the' building of the roads. The
sehllllees of the companies, which Mat
tlhews advocated, postpones the set
tietilel int d provides for pa3ment at
a time when the roads will not be
worth the amoullt, principal and in
t('rest, which the companies will owe
thll Govaaernment, the companies mean
while to pocket the current profits.
Not being in need of any new facts
to convince himn that the Democracy
will elect. and iniangerate the next
Presjident, your correspondent doesn't
tty to extract encouragement from
the redulction of the Republican ma
joirity in New Hampshire. There is a
lesson, however, in the fact that the
Dem-'criats Ilitu not carry the State.
That leIsson is t~,und in the fact that
we hlave a ilnomlillnal Democratic major
itt ill the loutiie. of Representatives,
and olaight befoire this time to fave
pnt throlngh this body bills reducing
the expeinses of the Government, and
consequently taxation, ten or fifteen,
per cenit.lbut have failed do to anything
of the kind. It was a step in the
tight direction, tlie other day, when
a1 catucus of Democratic Representa
tives was called to consider the Army
hill and make it a party measure.
Econonmy is what is needed at this
I time, and every voter in New Hamp
shire Lknows it, and would have been
more likely to have voted the Demo
cratic ticket if the House had given us
better promises of retrenchment and
Ih former letters I have urged the
trafer of the Indian Bureau from
tihe Interior Department to the War
D)epartmuent. T'lhis wotld save enor
ntous amounts of imoney to thie Gov
ernment, and, in view of what has ta
ken plact in thie last few years, it is
pre'tty plahin that the Indians would
be Ias well treated, at least, as under
lthe prsent arraillgemet. The proe
pect of the change is good.
ALBION.
A COOL MURDERER.
The Murderer of Seventeen Men Hung
at Rome, Georgla.
Gus Johnsaoln, of Georgia, white,
huing at Romne, Georgia, on the 15th
inst., for the mirder of an old colored
tmaii, seetIs tol have been as choice a
Bspeciimet of at scaulndrel as ever was
known. Johnson boasted of havintig
killed seventeen men. Some of liii
muurders were quite worthy of a place
in thie Newgaite calendar. The lol
low ing is a description of some of his
exlloits as furnishled by himself:
"At a camp meeting some Cof the
boys persuaded a little negro baby,
just learing to talk to follow me iup
and call nle 'daddy.' I told him to
stop osace or twice, but without effect
then to stop himn I picked him up Iby
the heels and dashed his brains out
against a rick. I then turned to the
boys and told tlhem it was all their
fault, anid that they had better pickl
out sonle other man to play their
jokes on the next time. Finding thte
dead body at thie old camnp meeting I
ground the next morning I cut it and
baited nmy tront line with it. It made
damned good bait too."
His next cime weas committing a
rape in Bar tow county. On this trial
he pleaded insanity and proved thlat
it was hereditary in the family, an
own aunt of hlis having been declared
unsound in mind. They further pro
ved that he had two wounds In the
head; onlle from a gunshot and one
from a lick on the head with a rock,
which wias liable to cause insanoity.
After going to the asylum hlie was
made a trusty and soon effected his
escape. Afterward he was beard to
say repeatedly that be was treated
Swell at the asylum and found no difl
culty in niakitlg his escape, that it was
a "damned good way" to get out of
trouble, and if lie was ever arrested
again lie could use it on the people in
court, so tlhalt lie would be sent to the
asyllum again. His next murder was
one of the moat nunhmam and unteel
ing ones on recold. A Mr. Wheeler,
iI, I II:ttt,2a eee iet l;ll il' Ihtd e t
t'l e l a tId 1 lried 'll 5 i ward f(ir tlH, '
hivi a dl rl, t her ht I eli f. A few.
t s $ after the inw:t i wa. off''ered
.,lohnsn eallet ,il ) e1,. W heeler with
the hlu ' , ;,il claineild the, Iew ,lrd.
After settli about tlhe r.eward fi,
the hoise.. ,Jlohnsin deimarnded the re
w'rad Ifr the thief, lulhwig n hat with I
to, bullet holes throu h it, awi pill
iig a hI milf vat I 'roi his I 'est if cket
hie aid : "I cetnhil not b i rg lhe thief, l
hot to shitew .c, t that I Ihvce killed
him, here is his ear and his hat." A i
day or two afterward a dead ledyv was t
found in a small creek in ('hatto Cga I
county, nIeIr the Ail;lb;aa Ilhete. with a
heavy rock tied alhiut his ineck, the
bowels cut oellti rinld thei ear cut tiff. l
Mr. Wheeler liiingi called on, prl'dn.
etd the ear that lJohnson had given
him, and it was fmnod to fit the head t
of the dead hbody exactly. His last
mullrder, and the one that he was tried c
for, was for killing a negro (Danciel
Olfotrd) at King's ferry, in FIoyd con. c
ty. The circlumstances were ias fol
lows: He can)e to the fei rv drulnk
and called to the negro to bring over I
the ferry. The negro replied that le I
would as soon aisli he git ready. GOi
replied ''I'm not in the habit of taking
'suln' froni a negro," and raised ai
donble-barrelled shot-gun and shot
the negro across the river, 100 feet
wide, killing him almost instantly.
Gus walked to his brother-in-law's,
and told hnim and severali of having
killed the negro. Though ihe took no
precaution to avoid arrest, except to
go heavily armed, he was not arrest
ed for several weeks. At last he veni
tured to a log-rolling, where 200 or
3n0 men had gathered, he says for the
purpose of seeing some friends of his
and making prepaiations to tthrow the
Mill Valley pay train oftf the track and
rob it, then go to Texas. Whlen he
came tip his friends advised him to
leave, telling him it' he did not lie was
certain to be arrested. He replied, "I
don't think there are many men in
this section who ate anxitls to coim
mit suicide by attempting to arrest
me." They nevertheless arrested him
and he was tried and found guilty for
this offense.
The murderer preserved hi.s cool
ness until the last. He entertaiued
his friends Thursday evening by mi- I
micking the Atlanta sheriff, and tel
ling racy jokes. He slept quietly,
having drank a good deal. The priest
spent the morning with him. When
ordered to go to the scaffold he refit
sed to leave his cell nunless they gave
him morphine. Being fooled with I
quinine, lie went out smoking a cigar. I
He joked all the way with the sheriff
and smiled and nodded at the bystan
ders. Reaching the scaffld, lie reflu
sed to go up till Iho had taken a drink
of whisky. While taking it a street
evangelist approached him and asked
him about his soul. The priest order. I
ed the evangelist off, saying Johnson
had chosen him for his advisor. The
evangelist pointed solemnly to a big
card on which was printed "The blood t
of Jesus cleanses all sins," and said,
"Mr. Johnson, this-is t th ime," and I
withdrew. The culprit ;went up the
scaffold with a 'drunken swagger,
smoking a cigar. After looking at the
crowd lie askedtt thatthe box be lifted
from the coffin so lie could see it. He
said, "That coffin is pretty good." He
then asked for the judge that senten
ced him and told him his last request
was for one more drink. rThe judge
consented. The priest handed him
holy water. He tasted it with an
oath and threw it under the scaffold.
Ht said lie thought it was gin. He
then made a speech in a defiant way,
confessed to killing four men, and
closed by sying: eThis crowd looks
like straws in a hay-stack. I wish
somebody wold colunlt them if it don't
take too long." He resisted the ad
justment of the noose, but finally con
sented if they would let him tie it
himself. He held a cross in his handi
while he made a confession. When
he was tied again he again asked for
it, and died with it in his hand. He
made nto profession of religion, lie
requesteda that tein black capll be dis
pensed with. When lie saw that tihe
drop was only tfive feet he insisted
that the rope should be lengthened.
It wal made seven feet. He then ask
ed the doctor if that would break the
neck. He was very much afraid of
strangulation.
The drop fell at 1:45. He died in
Sseveniteen minutes of strangulation.
In the confession Johnson said lhe
knew he had friends in the crotvd
prepared to rescue him. He said
there was no use trying it. Several
alleged confessions were peddled
about the grounds after the hanging.
Thile crowd was estimated at 15,000
people. Excursion traine ran from all
quarters. There were few disturbat
ces. Johnson asked to be hung at 11
38. He wanted to get to the next
world by dinner time. He had had a
light breakfast.
Small Pox Cure.
[Shreveport Times. ]
As the smallpox is now prevailing
in Texas the following cure will be of
interest: "I am willing to risk my
repntation as a public man," wrote
Edward Hine to the Liverpool Mercu.
ry, "if the worst case of smallpox can
not be cured in three days, simply by
the use of cream of turtar. One
ounce of cream of tartar dissolved in
a pint of water, drank at intervals
when cold, is a certain, never-failing
remedy. It has ered thousands, ne
ver leaves a mark, and avoids tedious
lingering."
The following is also said to be an
unfailing cure for this terrible disease:
Sulphate of zinc, one grain; fox
glove (digitalis), one grain; half a
teaspoonful of sugar; mix with two
tablespoonfuls of water. Take a
spoonful every hour. The disease
will disappear in twelve hours. For
a child, smaller doses, according to
age.
SUBSTITUTES AND MAKE-SHIFTS ti
OF THE LATE WAiR. o
Hy Mary W. Early, of Lynlchhbrg,
Virginia. 1
Sullstitiultes of ev,'.r kiind caiWme
extetnsi vely into vogue in the Sout sil
during the hlate wlt, ranging fromi the tl
lepllri'selntatiiveC 1,t lt to lhe field by hit s Il
whlo preferred anthlitit ting li discretion It
to vlli'r to the rye which people were II
folrced, with a vetry .rr,. fa re, to sub. h
stitute fril cotite. I( I lot sutst itutes W
for tioflee also ellllC inito i., luh ai s w
chestnut, wheat and sweet potato cof- fe
fe', which, by tlhose llho, like the at
Mairchioiness, could --malel believe I
~stroilg," miight ha ve flee, sllpplcl.ed to r
tepresent Laguayara. Javai 1 clid Mloclh. a
For lumolasses iwe hadl s.rghuml , made f"
fromt the African sugar cane, anid "i
toward the close of the war, when we of
were cut off from the far South, slid, 5
consequently, from sngar in a great (l
measure, housekeeliers were in Umany a'
ciases forlced to Iluse soirghumlt in its
place, and not only did they use it to
sweeten coffee, ibut the miote enter. tr
pI ising ambong thent usled it in makinig hi
pIreserves, cakes, cheCese alkes and o
various kinds of desserts, all of which a
succeeded pasanbly welll except jelly, g,
which, inl the language of 1iss Allcott, ,1
"refused to jell." f1
SKILLFUL IIOUSEIEEPERS. C
Housekeeplers certainly had all el
their inveiitive faculties called into S
plaly in thollse dIys. I knllow some
who were sutticiently ingenions to w
Imake nacaroni out of strips of dried i
dough, while the so5ap for the family iI
wash was made of shlicks boiled in tI
ley, with the addition of a little it
grease. Dried cherries took the place at
of raisins in ft lit cake hIdle apple ni
brandy, home distilled, became 'the tO
national nectar," varied.by cider, and i"
home ulade wine. Fortunately, how. F
ever, we did not have to resort to
any substitute for poultry, meat or
grain or nay of "the kindly fruits of SI
the earth" indigenous to our soil. N
FAIIMING.
Great exertions wele made in these
times of revolution to keep up agri
culture in the rural districts, for, in
deed, never were its products more P
needed than in this time of war and L
blockade. If the gentleman of the 81
house was in the army, then his wife A
and young sons would endeavor to a
carry on the farning operations as d
well as they could, and considering 0
all the difficulties country people had i
to contend with, they kept tip aigricl a
ture wonderfully well. To the credit P
of the negroes be it said that they h
went about their iwork as peacefully It
and respectfully as ever, seeming to tL
think and care very little about their a
own destinies at stake. Makeshifts "
and substitutes had to blie employed f
3in farmning as well as in other de- P
partments. Machinery and gear ran
very low, especially toward the close n
of the war, at which time I remember
to have seen farm hlorses bridled with I
ropes and mules wearing shuck col
lars which they would munch soci- a
bly off each other's necks, as they
stood in the shade, resting at noon fi
day.
CLOTHING.
But, after all, clothes were "the
tug of war." Never were more cu
rious garments seen than those which C
before the end of the war 'were worn I1
(and thankfully worn) by the first Q
people in the land. Before the strug. a
gle terminated, many a couutry lady ,
might have been seen arrayed in
homespun, while a gentleman clothed
in a coat nmiade of a solid gray or
brown shawl would have lbeen con- A
sidered an absolute dandy. A pic- c
ture rises to umy memory of a good a
mother who cut ill her piano cover
(a bright purple) and made of it a
suit for her little boy which made hint
the envy of the neighborhood-a suit
"buttoning in fiont and baggy in the
reverse aspect," as thie suits of rustic
youths are wont to lie.
LADIES' ATTIRE.
The rare windfall of a new ribbon a
or a new pair of kid gloves made ad
young lady thle envy of her whole g
circle of female friends. Occasion- t
ally articles of this kind ran the a
blockade and gladdened the hearts of b
Southern maidens. Sometimes North- a
erners would send parcels of such v
things to their Southern friends and v
relatives when an opportunity'for do- ii
ing so occurred. I knew a young la- a
dy in Richlmond whose Philadelphia 2
relatives sent her among other articles i
a plaid ribbon, whicl then and there
was almost as rare a badge as that of
the Star and Garter. Before a week
was over almost every one of this for.
tunate young lady's female frientds
had been allowed the pmivilege of
wearing this ribbon, The writer her
self wore it one night to one of the 1
handsomest entertainmentts o(f that
season (winter of 1864 5) and it ser
ved to brighten up a flimsy brown I
silk, checked with black, bor whichi
the wearer had paid a hundred dol
lars a yard.
THROUGH THE LINES.
To this day I recall the thrill with
which I received the presents of a
friend who went North incognito the I
third year of the war tot attend to I
some important busiess, asd who, I
with somne stirring adventures and
narrow escapes, had made Ihis way
home. Hlow eagerly we gathered
aronnd the traveler, admiring the
trinkets lie had brought for his fiancee
and intimate fiends, and listening
with vivid interest wo the history of
his varioulns aliases and adventures, (of
Ilis regaining the Virginia shllore, a
dark, stormy nighlt, when he and a
party of others were rowed across the
Potomac by a negro, who, be.
coming panic-striken in the dark and
the storm, laid down his oars and
had to be convinced as Schilier says
the Scythian convinces, by the sword,
for nothing but a pistoIl held before
himn would induce him to resolme the
JIATHIR FLOWIRI.
Oar store had solong been erpa
tied of fancy articles that the triltkets
oulr friend brought from his expedi
tioin seelned to us like fairy gents.
l+Every thing ill the way of ornamentl
had either to be entirely dispensed
with or replaced by some subastitiut
or make-shlift, except whei we got
theseoccatsional treasure troves flrill
tlihe North or through thlie blctkade.
litn pliace of the rate French flowers
that Ihad onice graced the fentiiniit
liats aindl bonnets, feather flowers
wete sibstituted by those ladies who
were not fortunate enough to get aL
few flowers through the blockade,
and the feather flowers of thlose dlays
were very different froml the exquisite
ones made in Brazil. Suclh hats (with
a tlritning olf the same) bec;ulie very
fashionable in the colnItr. Iui.eied,
"the universal shnck" was the lithis
of Inany a substitute. The hit1 dres
ses of mnt hers and even of grandmtl.th.
ers, were brought forth fromitl chests
tanld presses and were remodeled.
SHOES.
Shoes became soi scarce that coinn
tty ladies thad to lepenil on ileigthllor
hi-od robhlers for their Slriply. O)Qe
of tllese cotllltlry co blllerst, (Ill intg 1he
Wi r', undertook to Umake somlle clothl
gitiretl8 tor full dress oca'lAlolls. All
oll blue cloth ciolat ftrnishid lbtiiný
for the gaiters, which heli esiIcithed wili
yellow silk, and we Cinlnot het ler ties
erilbe the low ehli of slihots iii tlh
i South than to say that lthese gaiters
found a ready acceptance andl wete
worn by thlie elite of tlie neighbntlh.,d.
Having come uiow to the extr'etiiity of
the make-shifts to which tile walr ianii
the bihlckiade compelled us to resortl,
it seems a fitting time to make itty
adieux to the reader, lhoping that lie
may hIave derived solne little enter
.Itainlent from the reminiscences I
I have iust been recalling.-Detroit
Free Preis.
A FATAL FEUD--.A Trinity (Tex.)
special of the 13th to the Galveston
News gives the following account of
the killing of two men and the wono
w ding of a third:
A neighborhood quarrel between
parties living about seven miles firomu
Lovelady, and in Walker county, re
suilted, last Monday in the killing of
Alf. Humphries atnd Samuel Foster
u and the severe wounding of one An
drews. The killed and wounded were
on one side. The otlier side was an
old man named Sheffield, his two solns
and son-in-law and one or two other
t persons, none of whom were hurt. I
have only been able to hear particu
lare from the Foster side as yet. Fos
D ter's party claim that they met the
r opposite party in the road as they
were going home, when old man Shet
Sfield rode forward calling out "pence
peace," and asked for a parley; and as
Foster's party rode up to talk the
matter over, ope of Sheffield's crowd
r secured the only gun the Foster party
had, then opened fire on them, filling
Al. Humphries's head full of bucksltoc
and killing him instantly, shooting
Sam Foster so badly that he died in a
few hours. Andrews got a shot in the
leg and groin and will probably die.
No arrests yet.
A special from New Orleans says
Col. Isidore McCormick formerly Gov
3 Kellog's chief of staff, and now agent
t of the interior department in the log
cases for the States of Alabanma, Mis
sisstippi and Louisiana, arrived here
from Alabama, where lie received a
shot from a rifle, the ball entering the
r cheek and passing out near the ear.
Another shot lodged in a map of tlhe
d country which ihe was carrying inside
of his pocket. He fled and reached
Breville station on the Mobile and
Olhio railroad.
That Is Correct.
c [Marksville Bulletin.]
Vote down the Constitutional
amendments. They are a sham-a
compromise between the politicians
and signify absolutely notlhing. In
a doing so you will be vindicating the
Sgreat right of the people, to form
their own constitutions of government,
e and at the same time be rebuking the
f legislature for is arrogant exercise of
a usurped and dangerous power. You
i will not only have donethis, but you
d will have taken one great step, and,
- in our opinion, THEa ONLY STEP, to
,- wards bringing the government back
a to its ancient rule of economy, sin
a plicity and virtue.
e
We Say Ditto.
. A. B. Cunningham, a gentleman
well known throughout the South liand
f Southwest as a journalist of ability,
. is ow the managing editor of thie St.
e Louis Evening Post. His lIong sr
t vice on thie staff eof the Globe-Delmo
.crat especially its him for the im
ln plitint plouition lie now occupies.
I, Press Netvs.
. Albert Balxter Cunnlngllam in years
gone by was a school boy in Himner,
and will be remembered by matly of
"Ur readers as one of the sllns of L)r.
h J. H. COuninigham, whoi lived in
i ClaibortIe parish many years before
le the war. We are pleased to hear
to that our old friend and uwlooll-ninte
, has risen so high in the lmrofassion.
d We know of no one of those we kiewv
y intimnatelv in early life who so de
d serve success as Albert Conuinghim,.
-e -Claiborne Guardian.
ig An irrevent advocate of temperance
f in Worcester, Masa, said thatthe scrip.
of tural invitation, "Ho, every one that
a thirsteth," meant "Come and take a
a drink.!"
le
e. There was frost every month of the
d year 1816, and it was known as "the
id year without a summer." The New En
gland farmers called it ' eighteen hun
red andstarve to death."
S"Not guilty, but nla ht to be hanged,'
was the form in which a bigamist, in
whose favor a technical poeint bad been
successfully raised, was acquitted by a
p. Jury in Chester, Pa.