o- •
loA. H. COSGRltr, .- . - Editor.
NATCI-IIT H) , IES
9ATTR)AY - - ,y 13, 1e5.
-- A ertising Iates.
;q0~ ~a - tJ s -:r
-.--...----
yquip e..,, $4 4 n6 50'101 0(' $1 !0 ?2u O
p e... ,7 0' I D ( 1 2' 00 2 5 00
3 q ar+s.... I- 6) 13 0' 2> wt, 25 10 30 (,
.r >res..: 1')4040 Id 00 20o, :(1 00 35 00
5 Iqpa4 re... 17' t) On 27 00 35 00 1) 00
:.s uaara... . 2:1 0 24 001 30 00 40 00 451. )
7 ,ulttareIs.." 2 1) 7 00 311 oO 50 00 71 00
A sqlares... 0ti0 )y' Ol 44 0)) 15 00 00) )
10 squiares... 3900 35 00 5: o 0 57 0' 1(5 00
i sqireaos... 4500 60001 70 0011001) 0015 00
S.jsnarea .... 6'110 8(1 0 0 0 o 125 'o(,I(S0 0
Trardsient aicver'tisculmuts $1.50 p,, sinqtre of
Iolines. lrovidr. fBrt ifusertion. Each sabhse
a liOt insertlen 75 ceots por square.
BgIJOlB OFFICE is mtupplied with a
r"' t variet ofar type. anil work ii this dopart.
bilrt _perforiAed with neatnCssa and at tno.er
9 .m, All3*1i on delirery of work.
Rates of Subscription.
One Copy one year ...:................... .0A
4o Clopsisr ioltha .....................2 00
(rivablo in advance.)
J n ohn . iHerbert, is our duly authori
zelltraveli'ug ageut,
. , Notice to Contributors.
No commnliecations will he pnhlished
nnless areomnpanied by' the anthor's real
su;pe, But one side of the sheet to be
writtfn upon when sent to us for inser
tioan.
XArtilels to be short and to the point,
itd have attentinM. .
Th. ese are our rules and they umust be
strictWl adhered to.
Sethfums to Subscribers.
- I' 'fe Vndiceatb rwill be frnished- to
S: , eiBr.:at the following rates.,
Sl-ye.. ..... ar................. $3
,6 ;o.. .................. $2
3sdoNo ulbberiptibn received for less
A..L SuasCRIPTIONS INYARIAL3LY IN
rf will furnish toeach yearly sub
:tiber a magnificent=Steel Engraving
,f6,.J2 i chegs .,ow is the time io
,bselrilbe-writeh teo our sEditor' for
gAbTr;atee),uis which we offer special
clnti halatk.""'
vil;y;---T------·
z SOgrm ·~m.rr9P
I, '
t! : IYL I J~r~rrA~~~ Ut
deo~ a
, ;We desire ;to :say: to the New Or
lea. i fu.llkcs, that the Vindicator
:' iTii e,, $it has lired, since Its birtb,
.1 ts eoergues support of ,a tax
ridden people. ,who. pay it.I abuse
ntil vlift y .thety .anp will Le is at
•I,4al 13 fg1 suoepap-fed monop
oWy-lived tlhet as the: New Orleans
Ilef,*bleaf.
: B4 ,.'feCtreI, formr tly Seii
petec tk has been non' -
. Aby the Democrate. qf that State,
ift' Oovernr '
;P, WB.--Your note has been
t Ie i ta ire correct, the
wespaper, busiuees,,'much as is'
dti~ a baut' t, i 'ys better than
t.e.e' ; peopleJlgr,wl,
4*~a knoy but, that mnot be over
- : ?ow, we , *71000 a Week
S :'"ld g this paper, and we .e
S.i.;g sorry we did .not ask a cool
ared thousand; could have
S4 l,0p0e.tos;eet0 .R.
vip; .:the old Democratic
fitI Sabtie;, in oure ity di
SI ýlooltkig, as"eni l, halo
4Pc lt e In days of yore. The,
`lv. iepsese~ lisntbsmf as able
e ever td do bittle for
#.A will eo iop the
Itpg of 1876.:
f; R,t.,saeindl ored t po
e lastisnhouse e1t Tries
ii failed" to : ndaa deadly
:' p;a_ ý l J eipt me.Tbers of
iEiLoualsaa 4d4d en Tharday
S'clo.k. We. shal
fow which otbi
Q. ed he death of
*bgood, $maoand.able .iw. .This
d i a hlIs. 6itne d' will
Wit l a# Ih@t q Ne*
Health of thiity' 'well
& tIB96 º t m"e1
norPgq5Tad w s
'3i onesek~'~ li
L r a''tbr
:: iia p
; &
STo Our People.
We propose to plainly state what
we consider to be the duty of our
citizen at this issue; a duty we cou.
rider as i paramount obligaaion to
their property, their families and I
themselves. The lateo leadTrs of the
faction of radicals, who outraged
every sence of decency and propriety
by the who!esale arrest of men of the
white race for no crime save a manly
opposition to the theivingacts of the
Radical party, are about to return in
full force to reinaugurate their reign
of pluider. Their can be no doubt of
this intentin, for . what. can Bonllt,
Myers, Blunt and their miuor iunionk'
touch save they defile; ne honest in
tent-ion towards our people actunato I
theni ; a desire of safety from bodily
harm is all they ask, and their own I
good nimble fingers will win the rest.
That our people will not submit we a
know full well, and our duty in the
prenmiees is plain. We Intend no
rioleuce but we intend to defendu our
selves against the aggression of this
horde; to defend ourselves hi every I
way that safety suggests, and. we I
owe a solemn obligation to opr coun- i
try in so d9iug, coat what'it may. rThis
journal is now conductcd and con
troled by the tax payers of Natchito
ches parish and these aere their rlews;
this is their determination.
They only ask a decent respect for
their legal and just rights ; havire
called upon the Governor and stated
;heir grievances and he has turned a
deaf ear to them. Bonllt, Blant and -
Myers are still his advisers in: the
conduct of affairs here, and they have
been proven to hiu. and the world
thieves and liars: It is useless to at
tempt to talk Got: Kellogg into a
senise of justice ; he knows' 'the, ills
under which we have labored ; the
causes which'. produced :them ; and
hedlon tlill lbb responsible fhr what
occurs. He l has publicly. .decbled
that he would neversagait be guided y
by Bonllt or Myers; that tlhey' had
brought disgrace upon his 'party' if
such a thing could be done, iji ILopis
iasRnor elsewhere) and that . ia: fdturq
be would give: as a good parochiAl
gpvernment. What 'dees hie do in
the 'face of this declaration I Hle aop
poiRfs taeo JIexieans, unable. to read or
wr(te, a negro in the seame oondition, and
one of the Roullt's ; and. to make this
repulsive pill. go down, he 'htteiiits
to.: sugat'eoat it .with the appoant
ment -of one-whitt citizen who is res
"t~tatle anYd'iitt4lligent but totally
unablh to proteet us from sppiation.
SWe are not fools if we have stood
this conduct for so.long a time and it
wilt1be' undT 'ont' eventihily. The
people solemnly declare that thley will
unot,tolerate it, they ask. bht simple
justice and they will ia~iert' it' eit
f~isat it ~muy. All theseacts e noow
'ire intended to exaSperate i.ndetejte
us as they naturally would do,.and
ase actuated by .n spirit of ievenge
and persiiution on tlie pjrt of Boiulit,
M'yeis, Blunt, Pierson, et sie' de simill
's8, and whp such a spirit is evinced
we.cain assure them it will be prompt
ly met on the part of odr citizensi.
Tihis is what We thilk ; *lhtt are the
views of our people; we are stilt wil
lins fot fair meaas .ad Jliatibel to be
ei*tledd us, Atlt if not, then we
'ioar; b "are right and wri ,go
phead.". , ,.
Tberhg main V bene a jch thing
thought ''ot.as a division of our pe.
pie, for in their. unnity lies our only
hope of success in the futre. .'he;
radical eh'ief ae up here 'noty.con
coetinig devilsent, and "phief among
their;:aimsniis: the. ahtcempt to bring
about a division among us. Thdr'
plans are always" as Twellaid-n aisln
minanity can arrange, but thbey will
fail, for no vh·ions, honorablehor hon-I
est man can be caught, even ii a*-.
cial contact, to say nothling'of politi
Natchitoches, for as a set of ly.qg,il
thibting taglhbends, thiy:'ei7ndian.
rivalled. ,Bat the glis tett 'o~ tilfie
,will bea held ouit to the .Ead-a(f our
side, aud tbey holpe :to, gaio, . t.
I ithfrnsgrpaport. This ·wrill tevtshe5 for
the person tlat.is thus lnred'ftermi'
leidty, his honor, and 1'is qo ,, i
. wreth..sthat will be oiinge4 to
eternal ,bloquy by 'the jjoepdand
frotho' o' s " parise:. , i
-i. the -patter of ou. lt' ~.,ve,
.tion :from,r , ;aion., the itipe ip
town, but frost the entii. enmhd,,we
ate pained'to '-se b hst a afitd ~dA -:
aDlemnocraWT, wagabuse do ma. i sp
*bhketmweilil up ofi pittba scrbf
andartRephihbad tluWtd
ed. This co'aduet in itselfis.nm ,,ee,
gatsW$9444!as rer pith a
td of irhsz )Mi·:hatiohket, howdver,
.i.s defefiated'' I"t "ehl g'" d""e io
centrwg, Ah,,. Spg - . noans
Mayor; who ha. declined tafErv* in
4uliash s th'JabrLig s'shw
pp[adqiyg gg gp pa O
let I~~g~a~oga flu~hb apa
Proper Policy. u
Wp fullj agree with obr irte eon- q
tepporary, bo, abr p he4 in t
Its views uapn our' y 4 , dtisej
and: r the`: are. Alr dy l o,
see tat Nhe ilrea tf peaaint :rttid d
by the ',arpot-bag' leadeils of the no- I
gro is being developed. Theirpeace
is-a quiet sulbmiission pu the part of
the whits,. tospoliatio and r4bbery4 1
a quiet time getlerally, 'ls they had hi
for six years prior to 1874.
The solitorganization of the whites, i
the wealth, virtu6 and'intelligence of
this State, is our only lope for safety a
ia: the fnture'," and we Mte to pt',- le
to disband oit 'forces iliniedlatly i
after a battle wheln our organizationp
ehould be kept compact aund well in l
hand, eve- now Kellogg and his u
sni itviewring uis si1e , ,. u , d.pr t
past policy, as al. a tiaadoup t;o:ult t e'
struggle agninist him, are tltliilinall'- "
pointnuehts to" posititmd! It- ',e
-irotecin of t thq tax'-pafij en iiias;C
the qutol i on '•o i f :virt'ue, 4n`i ;ý
g.¢ncO anud aproperty owder,..ofthB" *i
niost..ignirant - nd' unqualified. I1, ti
lioie Jtius of n parirll, 'hilevy'aund
a!ppropriujto for parochial a fjrst arei a
filled with negroes or ignOrant whitrs,
who, as pas t 'epYet'eitcd'ia this parish a
'`t& lea t have 1rleiu, aire lidt tlto'le(i
.withi wbhiclh tye,,taxipayer is pilln d
diered. .;; , : i. . Itl
"It' is ite" "'i`sless ~o im; gin fhat '
sueease,i9 ,;i breakingg " . Oe "holorl '
line," that ,policy thABieeAn triit in i
Louisiana and oilier States, .tat b
Aret ifi't~ FO& thus 'ud s
ano i 1satthSii eapp'of tMa , yisp
ary or the lpe. obfthle "spbilbItorler o
Ne' SdntldWrn Stati"' trh yeW l :i eau ed
is thtowniig ff tJirr .ok iofh nr
pqt-bag negrq., goe,.zMs. f;lpt
by the.cbuibiued .4ffertb'ef its. white '
citizets ~ ;vhenaleve wie eeeTiwtr pee
ple a>n ,ido .'ck, ti tiit fbil1ies .of b
dispair.oth.,rdlief,r.. liep, tE su cess; r
SurrSiteIsdoameol tihea to' Attiiei
zation, omwes tlOn tpre; of t1de , i
ar e. forever laklt4t ,us. : ,wl . ., .
In thlid"'hIt',i' ildti6ir. aldnie,
,_lis,. inol, 4 l' ,, l .l, i '.  b t,,I, .rc l
truee praetiael refomm ;,,fr. intilthis
party, the' demagogue an4atplnee'liunt- t
or It thrust nasiic leau eidrs ,kdd
none but thie virtuous anu;lhigh-mind.
ed are tclslen. ;qas, strJadIt. lltearlrs.
Letoeutlpeoplelmt look a iholtie'and
'see who thoseaie,' that fitmboy' a "mllk
" "i"l cidel;,ponult" 2'of ItjrenVi.i.af- s
fairs; arep tqg' n ,f hose l8 atO*
,pectto: whln',itcibem 'e :iietwainlhie to
ow W tat ' Art A0 act'onr oitd'in i
speciups I"gry p pei. i. gial, wiJ e
desire peaces; we desire, ltiet. sad a
the ... pr.ie .. e .t " _i. 9,
being plandered. " i,.-1 ... ' . ' .h
SItell'igg wan~siitisi, te,
Ilody of - iatellilett white een:, iu
[Lotlitiat;fhibs~ ;tWnaiel 'imid &g11iaiz"Bas
tlion qa ,io l te'm 51ifto ito" .i'a,
ishionest and just. .gt'a mn:pf.
his party will do.to triut fdr. thelir i
idea is irunder!. And~jplind!'t alone,
and ill "iiedl: &hm 'gd'ted White I
party to, o.r-aWv 4 _ oeep::s, v t
de.ealoensid.estlpiitt -ni,,mights.
p ly 1JveeqP'e 7 , tts ju and
aider it earefellv IPid:er oips it. and
it will beom!.aduy' t dtill '!weaim I
STie ~,u isio< f ewj.jaiute ;m:a'b?
!wtj i ¢ ai. yet ll fumlted ;:Ae. I
Srle-a-slltlthiengd9tftir : iie lsti
Aj.attere& bya, 41e daulsin-bg assaP$tcb h I
the Sd lft.: oltker. .and .tillU,.tur
thier lIenpr!Met4i.bvlav Jl: querncpof
Ilje dJ.tuetmelpt, qhieij dpRim&l tllhnn n
!~h..uenAro~: o :on.,brepc1. ,u tlhe
jegitlqtnntj abllgl, t cpu tlh oitter.
vatives the parl r jatal,!!!3
sirteeolldrb!!,jis.-lftmltAtne o~k( 'lt
.one a~illenlii e s folt ite, ie-slh.
lli iirilutslipp angltlenqjillagai!. iAlei
pernicions power ir Louisiquna.mt I
teoiieidllfovr~antriwo i m e repawg i
usuImpsiald,,ie,,Jnd, ; jhrp WSi n
atowik'. dlemAlell tbttisJaselb .lljlr, l 1
and i triKul ,? ,m' jis .1tRp , lei4si
ieollydit nuito lytaint fthl l't
dtlemmtod4ihiodzi,,ig fjwtip F uap 3
questions. The radiclls.PIVil.ol
ttwshoidiawrna t e;id ouW.n 9
in the State goveranent. Onu o
offies and control of tt ls
jtl J feredi 'ie.il nh, otI , t
datition of tit properttpdiiug,
strongl s
lthe Stat 4amhtldl ,1
;iigoreia pu ft l u
p114t 7~t
until the assembling of the Legisla
ture in January, the reformq we re
quire, in the same spirit and with
the same Unnimity; .thliwe demand- J
ed the election of lonest, capable and t
representative men in the' last elec
tion. Let is give the piititty to un
derstand that the white~ 'feople of T
Louisiana'are weary of lawlessness, 1
of political thievery, of partisan mis
government, and of taxation without
'rejiresentation ; that they are deter- I
mainted the government set over them
by the President and finally acquies
ced.in by them for the sake of peace,
shall give them jpjltice, and cease to i
be an instrument of robbery,and op
pression. Let Kellogg, Packard, West,
anitie snial~ler lights of the gang be t
made,.. by the combined anti deter
mined expressions of our press and
people, to understand that Louisiana
is no longer a conquiered provinces
placed in their power to despoil and
oppress, and that their days of ras
cality are over. Our policy, then, is
to reunite our ranks on the situation
established' by the adjustment, and
inove forward steadily with a view
of carrying out the policy ot the
caimpaign of 1874 to its legitimate
results, developing and organizing as t
We advaiice, a vigorons public opin
'ion that will coerce the radical execrn
tine and Senate into co-operating
withhthe conservative House#u' health
fatl legisldtion for the State in Janna
aryIeit.. e
We shall be glad to see our Louisi- a
ina contempomries. respond favora
bly to these` suggestions. We can
very well, afford, it seems to us, to r
defer, for a time, our discussions of e
the ctnmpaign of 1876, the eharacter
of which no man is now wise enough
to foretell. What most concerns
'Louisiana is the 'preservationf yet a
'I while of'the unity and 'norilf of t
her white pe ple, that they may pro- v
-'tIt '~ioptselVe ' fidin rin, ' and their
S;tte" f oi: mltimHat'  'Aficatniition.
ThB Shreveport Tiras fil tiglIt itbut t;
oii" tli'linie t least.'" - c
Up totliditjmee pertfect quiet, peace
and"co'nneit at hlie reigned in this
prirr:.s;; the understaning between
jthe laborer and his employer has t
been for the mutual good of each; l
a4 pever since reconstruction, or
rather since the war, has the negro
worked as well, and been as well con
tated thaa since Juie last. We hear
this is the condition of affairs from
.i
bne end of this parish to another,
mnd it eqaie oaeoontedofor otilyfrom
the factof tihe absence6f the nggita
tilgei ueat; the bad colored politi- ,
cians such as Blunt and others, ad
tile worse whits eleme~nf*Who were
'Taditt them, But 'tlie have now
retuntied, or are abotlb 9,:, and the
result will b remar.id; idnight a
meetingsclunbs, work' neglected 'and i
general ditatidfctici' 'ill certainlyt
idur; all 'the'evili "*iil! follor in :
Many, the great majority in! last,
let ort people fiully believe this, map t
Blunt, se well na, Mydet, Boillt and n
others, are public , eatemnp, and as f
uch, detrimental to the gon d of al,
fovibethiig "ill'n t themr- ~t'& th
moil and strife, anl their ted~cidub
re. p(.th; mnis& ticipps character to
the colored manu. We shall see what
time will develop. '
','We hnd the'pleasure a few even
"1p shnee ,t viitidg the Gem store
SI ~! .e~,lt .that of .Messrs. Caspari
.&aDietricl, and we were highly grat
iified thetwiith. 'The stock lately"
tncateI by t filths', is 6ne of the I
lakest and mos~ c.implete ver
twooglhtg$ this uIarket, and coamp~rlb
ses every known wanit of the p- I
chi  '.'Tue display is meally mag- I
ot,* wsithaneli~ c a gpnial~gen
,tleman'au Mr. 'aspari and his atten
itive elerls, we-feet assured the pub.
Ihq will be well satipqbd. 'To the Il
dies, special Indacements e a offered,
and during the:heatted Smmer mn tlthb
,theIthre will be kept open in the
evning,.that they miay Ittend sihmp.
Dts er.th e hes ef tsdahy, ad
,with the spleadid, gas-light it 'will be
a pasubnre to make 'ounr purchases
'whit not ainhoye'dc 1y crowds.' )e
not 4pil i give taepr , 11' if youa
want cheap goods.
mseVro oet.l s TAX-PArnRS' REsuIP
,BILL.-QGovera g Kellogg, in his mes
sage retoing an act to relieve tal
taysem andtoi;' slce the, ntatanding
indebtedness of the State and to pro
ride for .thtemlsilon 61 . ' altiesl
on unpaid taues, gives as.hms reason
for All~tdllen the fact thel it woul4d
make all warrants "dtsw~*receirable
jobrr~xH t, to i.874, in oppoaitiou
,tibe *t aOcd llioplley osthe Stt,"
which wonld be an act of bad iait)
~redlitomr:r Ai iftshelw,mea~sn ,i it
weold, ragingft.:stj ghegive bq ,t
tax-reslster an unfair advantige.-N)
Tits like the "dead sea fruit,
ixt sessiony¶tnmto "ashes upon
,'yfilttei . rU W wel ii 'we have
40&I*,ew , .eb podr donsdatioh,
Cte tax payers t..g ik t nraiust
ite ('seeinrtrang4 thAt udIore
WM loeyR Go(enpr to,'our credi.t
tors" than to the taxa. 4i'Idlt.
-for ifkdlei fdc~rXetl ogie'wjb
and without consulting'thd ter
+44.a Uga iib~4 ,
We understand that hungry
Cur Myers, the 'l~a apient (1)
J~ndo of the 17th !ttiiet; the
thi ierlf Treairer of the School
Board, and the grandraseal gene
rally, has enjoined Mr. C. Chap
lin, Jr., lately appointed District
Judge, who is both a.gentleumani
and a lawyer, from further pro
ceeding to act in that capacity. We
now know the little game these
fellows are playing, and we warn
our people of the fate that awaits
them if they yield.'
Boullt, Myers and Blunt, will
return to the field of their labors,
and the seeles of robbery of the
past years will be re-enacted.
Governor Kellogg, in his message,
said the reason we have become so
poor was from causes which res.lted
"from the improvident aid plpres
sive legislation of late years," and "a
teondency to subordihate tho@ alterial
interests of the State to the enforce
ment of partisan purposes and the
pieuntiary aggrandizement of indi
viduals." Correct. - Sugar Planter
(Rep).
And still no effort is made by Gov.
Kellogg to check eithMr, evil. The
"tendency to subordinate the mate
rial interest of the State to partizan
ends" can all be put a stop to by Kel
.ogg, but instead of appointing men
who represent the property, owners.
and tax-payers, to positions where
they could guard these...iaterests
which he seems so patriotically jeal
ous of, he puts up ignorance, stupidi
ty and rticality to these "high pla
ces," simply for "partizan purposes,"
knowing full' tcell 'thdt "peeuniary
aggrandizement" will surely follow.
This is all cheap virtue, and the
dodge as' boen played so often by
this rascally republican party in Lou
isiana, that it "takes in" no more.
All is quiet in political affairs at the
present m6ment, but we do not know
how long they will continue so.. The
issue.. pon the Police Jury question
and our city matter, hais not'been de
veroped to any 't hh eteintj and
Ve hope at least, thse some regard
-will be' piid to the :demands tl our
people altheaiaitho b inii tlid ease of
Kellogg is` b srender ihread upon
which .:to hang: We: lavte beet so
often deceived by this individual,
and he knows oursituatioii so well
besides, that it will be a matter of
profoound astonishment' to as when
It teems tb us that theta appoint
ments are made with a view, .i ,ly
to test she ife ii and p ti6te of
our suffering parish, to see just how
far they will stand such nonseasical
1 nts.I Here we- lve a'Po
staada !d 6'ACMe zt teas made
to resiqn last yetr, and Kellogg asks
tie, white taa-paye s to 4ry it. Well,
uow, this is asking ntirely too much.
Our whistle has already cost us dear.
ly, and we do not desire any more
of that kind.
When the time comes for action, ie
opine that Mr. Kellogg will be atton
ished if be found a people. as'deter
mined to resist b eiYg pbbed, as lie
is to rob them, at least such is the
present teling amam~ii -ose of oir
people wisWwhoam we have conversed.
Tihe silence of Grant has at last.
boeome to his frietae a teure o' f
alarm. Atl along we iisa heen told'
that his refusal to speak was aQyli
done~ of deep wisdom, a.-1 % now
heliUvy, afte the pndeavoors r his
fkiends to "break his dumb sbow,"
and 'eipress himsetf as epposel ,to
the "third term," that silence. is ait
least an evid61ceeo M litrciiisalg ity.
The snatte'ii nosi eet " beyond
dispute, and unless "'le-'emidb his
ways," we may look to a contest be
tweenmitn ,inand dit~f~Gint party
in 1876. What .'pm'uentj, upon
the long contimniiu and blatant howlt
lag of the,"ft~domsdtb1kers" Nortlh.
In mad, bliad-hatrea, he . i ouli,
sie' has ' onsther bn l irty In en
deavoring to manelt Udlj- idlaves of
her vile:rmgs. ch a fate would b'
beco ei Wo them if it did not ig
rolve~p Cent.
... tit- .em mate
ex , ae i on
the radical leaders rb uhout the
State either have a personal interest
in ithe oineices df tax eolletosrs,lo have
ehange.artrefor. • Ipdeed, tlhib tax
colletinbusines is outaide of, the
'L)te" o81 ers, t~atit tisin" tihe
Tr~eca, oi ila eande thiey; ti
A fight~to th6b hiitth . to hold on iS It.
.The most pow'erfiil cbhiitilnn 1l
be organized to maintain it; In the
' parish of Caddo theiare~a,. ad bearly
i as we can get at the truth; oitiblodd
Ssueacketa interested tituthe tax colled'
tor'rs ofliee; Hamilton, the ostensible
I ta eollotmor; gets one lihndred' dol
las gseape nt. -for the use of his
nlamef T, d Leu .14iGovernor Antaine,
Senator WaHarper and Congra4
,mna George _ S .a Il-th4
lWethinnlk our coatempobrarie
m the Snimoia iions exist in
SUsealytevdry pau ,tab a ;i feed onr 'ethe
'metimae of the 'ite le.' 'f course
md t ireh&s ijta thid~f'4tle
11*.·5RC~
'lsanand
We see some parties, among whomI
we note the great independent Editor
lHalstead, of tSe Cinciunatti .Conmer
cial,; ItWiopeful of revung the old
Independent party. We have never
yet known of a people about to emerge
from a bad and ruinous state of gov
ernment by a broad and sound road,
but what some Jackass wanted to
lead off by a "near cut" into a maze
of doubt, perplexity and defeat; and
this talk of Hlalatead's about Deno
erats, Southern soldiers and Ioman
Catholics, is the weakest bosh we
have ever vmd -
. Halstead fought for the Union with
a pen, as correspondento f some loyal
journal, during our late unpleasant.
ness, and imbibed his hatred for our
people, for independefin as he claims
to be, he cannot hide it, from the smell
of the ink bottle and in writing apos
trophes Worthy the brain of a savage
Indian, upon the death of some brave
enemy, Zollikoffer for instance. whom
ahe saw (whiea dead) and whose soul,
fter conelglinghis memory and body
to eternal execration, he specially in
vited to a warm corner in' the balls
of Halstead' faiimily-hell.
We tan humblya-sue Mr(f) Hal
stead, that the SOLMDERS of the Union
armies do not mistrust the loyalty
and earnestness of the late Cditfede
rate ,soldiers, and when.they do, It
will'be fall time for him to blow, as
that is about all the innocent harm
lie will ever do. The third party
Halstead.Aets up,' will be composed
of three jackasses, himself and two
other indepetidents.
Grant:b et i:ale c 8sMo ohanges
in his ('abinet that are likely to
give satisfaction. Attorney Gen.
Will sif d brute parti
zan, kliose alttgunnt hatred to
the'Southernr .~p eop  as excited
by his inability to.~!tpreciato any
character save tiat of the low,
ch ing time- erver, has been su
Iprseled by Judge adk erre
p 'of NewM York, an Ati 'edu
cated and honest !i>J Wo of:
t t4patlh will fe gore security
againt wrong aul ,outrage now,
thatijadailet Wil ms has step
ped Gown and out,.
Weni thie Hahn opuse was in ses
sion, gig-inga - iwimming style, pas
sing laws, .drawiug pay,- ant.i-icking
up the' olil Nick generafl;, `all fair
mi,,ded. ien . admitted: the illegality
of the topcern. The letter of Mr.
,hieler, to ;the-2. 0. Times, in reli.
tion to the beating of four members
that'-tEjdhfi retiriied :electeet, by
the Retrurning Board but whom the
Hahn'lHouse declairel not elected and
gavre e.bh'th ¶pI ppents, radicals,
therIptts, settles bch~.ii question,
boti, the justness of the action of the
eineerats and tihe illegality of the
Hahn House. HIe says in the letter
referred to:
0* the 4th Jasnuary and some time
duriagthe winter session the repub
ticap unseated four democratic mem
bers, who held eertificates of Retunrn
ing hoard;, and. whosem amel wpre
on tja lit of seamber used bi' the
repubaican clerk at the at~tmped or
ganization in Januu$./ No one of
these four democrat$, wiho were re
e ?at ai t sep.io1.. (lt~uice
.t 'ze, 'as a party t
the ttltea of '.a~tfi stment,. no one
can be found:in LoIisiana to assert
Sacli, ,th.1i ,thee~ f~tr.democrats
'xWbre' th'tlcttthere was ia quernum
present, so ther Ibir hbad never beed
legllyg deprived of their beat !!bnt it
is replied! by thas nwho impute bad
faith to democrats, that the agree
iment c6tiAiids ~4iis Wrbvirolen, the
.-B} Ilepresentatis,.a- 'so
Smembers as constituid nder nrThe
a rd shAtll remain without ehange
Setdept i by resitatietn of death of
ammmbersm until a.· mew "geimra l Mec
tion and this condition hats been vio
lated. Theode._ecrats neverqnes
tianed the Qt~oi tchio. f lstmirig
Board, excet *kreme$,T '~t
committee, they were willing with
is that the House of Repre.ntative4
wase to b~g'fit.dithedA4 the Returns
ing Board. Later errors of that
specified in the agreement by the
a twaild tIM~ titte., and:its 4dop
tpo by the !oiesfbpteaentatives,
,Sp , ttutll asesa
e eI be. A to deprive
eiti etedelby wlohe
..so; o~JF l less
than m ~ of ieablberi ia the
th4aeier g m e seats
t bersu;'gei'~ihitateni ttr an act
p(.iple ~jerwhich all:mnst ap
prove .
I-, ti - ,~ " :r m. 3r", - " -
'dI&h mmdi nzt*i~OBor two
"" lsaid been
XlBa b 4teO~fll tt itA eresl
I tilch were 'Aoii e 'ht backwiard,
,wjpg gt, cold nightsei.&e. The
'courqged. ploraQ. ttpthip has
been given to;Crn, planting this.
year than foppe and the acre
a ti' ' hi - -thanlat
seeasBnn iJiet1od hoped that ouar'
farmers havri u1 earn ed wis
a i iBiri. lalsnmtte nare -ly
satiasfied thtt tctiba ia and smoke
is)BI bjI l~4t&iaJn imnati
& Edi1ifVoi' hf jihbket'for4Soeith
,latinirata!e. a o . . 1.
Subacribe for the YVTpD .o TOR
IThe Ne:w OkIans Bulletin Ihus
scits Chil:otrn, the convicted fe
as a shining and wvcar.ge cl:alaettr
the nieu lwho l:aveM, (n Ite lw.
makers of Louisiana for the lst t5e1t
since reconstiuctiou. The i'icltl i
so strikingly true that it will cea.
mend itself to the "mintl of the inteli.
gent reader at once:
It was exclusively by the rotlOf
then.,' Ilegroes, liUe tenths ofal
hald been his or iis father's sltlr
that ('Cathoan was elected a meLn '
of the lHouse of Ielpresent:tives, u¢.r
he was conspicuous ill every -hep
of corruption..
The debased clharacter and vilaid.
oils conduct, of Calhoun were thor.
onghly known to many of hi party
triends; co-workers in political ra.
callity and sharers in otlicial peauli.
tion and plunder. lie was J prenli.
neat miiember of every ring or asoc"i.
ation of Itepresentatives and Sekatot
who pursued the vocation of:legi.
tors notoriously uand almost opealL
for the purpose of selling their votes
and inflienee. He was one af is
heaviest sharers in the profits of thie
nefrious practice, by which Iass
fortunes were made and the Stat.
damaged to the extent of ailoy i.
lion of dollars.
The schemes of plunder were car.
tied on successfully, because the rfia
controlled or constituted large a~jor.
ities in both branches, and. with fe-
punity because each individual mem.
ber had it in his powelstoexpoe all
the rest; so that they pursned.* ljd .
ical law of "division and sdle
with as much regularity as a l .
rate company follows any lawfulb .
ness.
We, tierofore,. present Boa. Wil.
liai S. Calhoun, long a politial chdi
in the pairsh of Grant, :longq:ap.
ber of a corrupt Radical Legislatu,
long a prominent Radical masg,
long the cherished favorite coauselhr
and agent of a large- and .wicked us.
.grpconstiituegcy, long th ..polthl
dictator and dispenser of oieila
Grant parish, the active and Inowi.
producer of the Colfax tragedy, un
now a tried, proven and convloil
felon, as a sample Radical .politdas
and loffice-holder of Louuian i'
if it is4ny comfort to his friends, we
will add that he is no worse than tie
average of the men in office by whom
our .Stte is and has long been allit.
Pe.; "By Calhoun as a sample, "
Radical chiefs of Louisiana may 1t
judged.
'"Toie late "Independent" 'dinner:
ew. Yoark'seeu not to hre dlisthb
ed the smooth and swiftflowing sm
face of the mighty Democratic strem;
and our northern contemparariesa dea
.ider the matter as not amounting t
much,.while they. give .thi "ee prK
ty" men to distihotly understand that
the Demooraey iseaver again to I,.
takes in with the Liberala.bblibl.
This is what the Philadelphia mr*
iiioicealth, the leadingi).mocrt
paper of Philadelphia, add' soned ia
the cree, has to siy of the truee4
of our party :
We are unalterably opposed 'bt s
comibinations ei complromia~ '*j
aunsbody or set of 'en wh6b', lj
junctiure of public afraire, |o thi th
of peril to coastitutioail goverimsit,
are asking recognition by the. Dem.
cratic party,as enot of it, or is dit, o
willinig to be part of its liilial
a reward.
To give to any party of men, h
or small ia numbers, a sauhidj
conie iu auid'help the Democrani t.
deema'-d restore thg Fedepl (
ernmeunt, is o sublime and audadis
folly.
, e:'- LeJm'mor tie party will-a.he
no accession or aid from any qumit
except as a tribute to the wsds'L e
its theory.
Tile Democratic pirty can tChinL
on its principles, and it ought set ti
triamDph by a bargain in whih bi
principles are to wr se~pti:dli
success.
We welome all who ate mrsy ml
willing to aid in the great work bi1
us as a party. There is mosm
and to spare iuside the per-ty i
for all true, homestk sinacere ,s b
desire the utter defeat .l (rantie
the negro Radical party. 3B.itC
Democratic party is not eitIuW,
weak, or so dead, or so ersl rie
olier rewards for recruits, oi.r ilWl
.bouties f01 it-hl4 p m ea~,_
....Any efortoih iodeat i bGINm
cracy by Liberal Republieans eral.
tinus, m ider fthr lue of'Usie jwS..
their support and thefilididilhk
which have any appreeciable valUt
the polls so far as work or admiS
are importcat, will end nto an uprl
of tle bone and sinew, tim oldd-C.f
ione;d Democracy, and the wisds i
autumn willf cover these arroglt
heraldp of evil with the dead .,VS[
oftbi'it pretensios.
Our thanks are due Mayo. lS.
Vargas, for full files of eity .I
pre'~. M)yor DeVargs is noth
New O(Meaus upon private b
nes~,bat will tetm n dutinag Un
week.
'Weealt eipecial attentsa i(t
address of the Demaeral.le i-es
tire Central Co mmittee, in elalkl
the census to be taken by theSp
visor of Registtation for each pei
It will be seen that this i a psare
duty on ailiart as thelttick il 'i
whole affair is too evidesat The
islature which meets in Janu iy
do no work until the app~etiat
is made upon basis of this ces
Tbeiafere, each one should pmut i"s
selfto some trouble in the 3it5r*
The following from the Picayuone i
explain the-ratter more fully:
The coaesttutiiun prvidps thati 5
ir indt lie paae'ed by thirLegidatat
when it assembles in Jannsry DP
until an apportioumennt'3 ti~hleps
sentatives has bepa iadq,_
The eensus noW beingi taken will
doubtless be offered as the beal'
the apportionmient, and it is of g
importance that it should fairly 04I
fully represent the white and .Ol-*
popnlation: of the State. Evetr
ouseholder should carefully 11 et
the hlank tali are foronishied by tie
ensg tfphpr, giiing the full npe4
ages, and all particulars called for i'
the report . Although the dut y