JA%. II. CONROII5, e .. Editor.
NATCHITOCHES
SATUIDAY -- December 11, I75.
Advertising MIatns,
-- -- - -- -
RQL-ARII.. Hl `J±,
I ,qfnre ... #4 ( 5I 4 $1 5,414 15 I, i 42' U0
2 quereM... 70 I 0 UOl 15 0i0; i 00 L5 0U
3 eqnaree... II" .T T41 18 00 ((' .0 'o 0
4 Iujures... 14(h) 1i. (NI ^. 01,l :IO (10 35 00
s ue1ares... 17% NO%) 0 97 00 3`5 0 40 (0
A squar' .. 2)10 24,04 3,2 Ou 4! 00 45 00
7 mqanreu.. in 1 110 3000 0 n . 00 70 00
8 syures... g 50o, no 4000 65 00 O9 o(
1U0 aquare... M1OO . l s00 5o M. St5 00'
Ii inqareus... 4.5 109 00 '1 () 010 00 125 (NI
92 mqerms... 1I 80 00 1 00 fl15 00 (150 04)
Traoident alvertilementl l .l lSf er Rqlare or
In lintrs Arvledr. firet tnun.erlhn. Eaci h enbe.
quest nloaserttna 75 cents per sqhrue.
All ehlmnes in ailvertiemnlets to be
thrged as if new.
Transient advertisements m st be ptaid
for in ndvnnee.
All bills with regnlar hdvertiners ren.
dered qnarterly.
One inch of solid brevier constitutes a
squeare.
IMrria4e . d obitnary notices beyond
the simplTe Ranouncement, resolutions or
cards of thanks, charged a. advertise
Rates of Subscrlptton.
,I).e Copyone ye ......................3.00
One (opy aix monnths...................... 00
(Payahle in. aIvrane.)
AGENTS FOB THE VINIICi'OTI.
Rnwell & rhbmah, St.. Louis.
St. LnA'i Publihiug Co., "
. P. P. ,wnl & (:o. New York.
,.~f )Pttenjill & Co.
W. B. ,Siar l& Co
Tboe., McIntyre. . ew ,rleans.
rP'A11 pereons dwLlrin to Adrertine with nu
in thone cities, MUST appl to our Agents.
Circnlatimn lrrger ,tan any pa
per in the, State outtside of2eto Or.
lean or Shrereport.
YHIS PAPER 10 OILE WITH
aWhTe, AwaMv v .wsram e ubia
W. W. SHARP & CO.,
PUBLISHERS' AGENTS,
No. 25 Park Row,.Ncw York,
Are authorized to contract for ad.
vertising in our paper.
TAKE NOTICE.
From and after this date
all JOB WORK, TRANSIENT
ADVERT I SEM ENTS, &C,
MUST be paid for 'in ad
vance.: No deviatiqn will
be made from this rule.
All parties owing the
VINDICATOR,. are requested
to call immediately and set
tie. rJPLLr & AKfrIax,
Publishers
Partie's, ulpon whoth the Census
taker failed to call, are requested
to send in their names to the on
dersigid as smo aS' possible,
with a view of transmitting theni
to 'ipt Jaim~s Jeffries, membei
of the 4gisatture, from . aliides
parish, 'who has-kindly consented
to attend to suclk legislation as
the whites of .Natthitahes parish
may require.
Vetr Respectfully,
J. 1.. COSGEROVE,
Secretary, Democratic Coni. Meet
ing, Natkbitoches parish.
Uusnpproachable and incomparable.
This hai been said of Cook's English
and Aiiheican 'Circus. No outside
display; no ouitside grandeur ased to
deceive, but a first class legitimate
circus, complete in all its appoint
ments. i Tb artists aref8rirt class and
world known. No br~ken down an'
izqalalor m~lpto extort money withd.
osalue. No atop. Jaas been. left
uturared to make this "the. reliable
hlow of tbhe ag. Do notfAlil to pt.
tend b it e nember tthe day, Thhars.
day, Iteesuber 1Jth, 87.? .
Am exchaege says: "Trying .toi'd
buainess without advertising is like
winking thrahgli a pairof gren gog.
gleI.-$toiu!na- know tiMt you air
doing it,,iLt paelyy else dPes."
Now .t Premsident Wilso;' i
dead, hi~ mem.rj can, be preserved
1ice Washington'! ri poetao s stamp.
Cook's oeat.-Cir- .e.is adver,
tized tor ext' ' "i . f s + i ,
We hope that l lam.i pmapleiwill
be het aindt! rte4 '..
A RE1EWKARL' FACT. *_ We
Uwere' ,iW11 ait acil. `ifrom
doe , Wtna's orcJ 'in..tit.i a,
,lab grewnaa lar a bsen's. -;
yeas Thlis iindeed imo masb ble,
that fralt rees saboa Wldort -i twe
sbolrs :mw dt thetwletesib h
an~s m id web have been enjoying
Th6Htrmb iatr&givein
e fne tat .ti1 M'be nee of
for the ldie : bil' themit.
hav tk badll.lI.
*1M' - r
tl 4 L L 4
i,: :l .
Democratic Currency.
Since the foundation of this govern
ernlment down to the present moment,
the currency advocated by the dem
ocratic party as a circulating medium
has been hard glM. Thii, truly, is
only in keeping with its fundamental'
principles. P'aperenrrency is not a
currency recognized by the constitn
tion, but repndiated 1y it, and one of
its main obljects is to prevent the es
istence of that currency, the evils of
which the framers had seen and felt.
The Democratic party being a strict
construction-of- the- constitution.par
ty, it follows naturally, that :they
should be the GOLD party of the soons
try.
It cannot be charged upon as that
we ever advocated, during all the
power of the party, bank, or bank ia
sues; on thle contrary, the party
fought them to the death. All the
paper monies ever issued by the gov
ernment were the result of anti-Dem
ocratic legislation' had when parties
opposed to the Democracy were in
power. All such currency has been
fought and destroyed by the Dems
cratic party alone.
The present legal tenderhand Nation
al bank circulation are the ehildren
of the Republican party.. The acts
creating both the issues of legal ten
der and the establishment of Nation
al banks were coined in the brain of
Repnhblicans, passed by a Republican
Congress, against the combined ef
forts of the Demnoeratie party, signed
by a repwhlican President and put in
foree by a Repulblieant administration.
These are facts of too late date in
history to be questioned, and the Re
publican party cannot, at so early a
day, escape the record. The idea that
its press, oraror and leaders should
attempt to' "shove off, upon the Dem
ocrats, the evils of their own legisla
tion, this paper currency, is simply
pireposterons.
Some few D)emocratic wildaetors in
Ohio to. the disgust of the rank, file
and the majority of the true Demo
cratic leaders-all in fact; also in
Pennsylvania, where under the in
fluence of the log cabin and hard
cider Ohio inflationist, a wishy washy
plank was adopted by a bare major
ity upon the currency question at
direct war with the tendencies of De
mocracy, its past history, its consti
tntion and traditionri. 'At all other
times and in all other instances, the
Democracy, its people, its leeders, its
press and statesmen have stood firm
ly by the hard money plank in their
llatform, and they intend to stand by
it for all time to come. The South is
for hard money tio a man ; we, have
tasted the bitter exjoerieuce of a pa
per clurrency, that is ia lesson we will
always renmember. Gold was in full
circulation, both in the North and
the South, when these paper money
laws were enacted : but what became
of it ? In the twinkling of an eye it
was gone. The paper issue surpassed
the gold circulation.
There in plenty of gold and silve~r
for all practical purposes in the
United States. This canU he borrow
eda eLa cheap as the paper money; your
produce will sell for as muoch in it, if
you, give it aa opportutity, theun why
will people say nioney is searee.
Money is always scarne wheLn there
Is no comiodity, no production:'tb
demand its presence. Ite'creul~atija
is regn!ited by,.natural laws and: -,ut
check it ouce.and it disappears. It
will not ,be'a tampering with. It
yields to man its purpose, though,
like the sensitIve plant, if you but
lay onwarranted hands upon it, it
eloses up.
i Thie distress'of the eopntry ~'figures
largely in the arguments used by the
advocates of soft money; is. that dis
treass to be ameliorated by tle infla
tis, of paper mosey, that issuMe wlhich
i tlhe! cu of tile present distrets.
The hair ofthe dog is not gnod for
the bite in this instance. You -tinust
erekte a dema~idl for currency of any
kind before you cai get it.
Capital is weary at this moment,
seeks only, thie safest investments.
,The crreney hoatis returning from
its pleasant sail opothe sea of pai
perr . tihe breakers nidt' be' passed.,
the surf .inust be broken through be
fore le .rock bopnd sltpre of the
gold circulation is reached, We are
at that period now and the virtue of
patience must be et~ee~ii4. ' .
The Democracy truei to ite utj,
will, ever remaih tirm and nnylejd
ding iupon that line which leia'ds tb
specie pay metit. 'The jndastries'.of
the coautry are prostrated at present,
the legaltender notes are depreciaterd
and why I Beeanuse of proteetiv4
_lsious and ignorant legislatiob., ~Tbis
leiaslation is to be undbtna The
legal tenders most be swallowed up,
displaced by redemption, not in birnds,
a mjby rbeefptsa for dues. The ei
sy'of te coustry miat be tbe' in
istitatiomal go~kld and iier. T4 sc
complilh this end a little time and
much stateian-shtij required
'.Thft~ ~l ~latf ftr revtueIe
,isaMw a ctiuphIte' and heatadms d
vorce of i tthe wes and. the .bantl.
SLet'dth Sta theid own Italking
eof tk&l .* ,ecaleurske
tabas mtasibaunteed bp soning atf
RMii
I. t(S~Iee~iKy lp avqb'i~ lj~
rP~wrrr~ ciuacoiiiiyi lapterldved,
4.n:J.t'-; J -ats~~~i~~~·fri
for we hare enough forts, buildings,
ship-f rds,l&e., now.
Air Ithies Democratic work and will
be done by them wjth a will, the car
rency will regulate itself for the paper
issue will be retired by legitimate
means knd. the gold currency, will
thern appear like magic.
The duty of the party will not be
drawn from them by the Republicans,
on the contrary, this resuomptive;nbear
will well nigh hung them to death. The
fight will be made on National banks,
when .hist tidu comes we will see who
are the Na'tional hard money m.en
whether Demnocratic or Republican.
Parish Claims:
The enggethmins given tlhrnugh these
colutmns last week, in reaidtion to
claims'against thie parisah, were, we
thought, quite plain, were expressed
in such a manner as to strike the coum
prehension of any onue man, and we
believe they do. But there are some
who are so anxions to torture what
may be said by thie Vindicator into
bad, that the article referred to, has
beein thie subject of ' aijust criticis ;
has been garbled i% a sbameleas man
nier. o
Trie points made by us are tnt on
the surface, nothing is hidden, and if
they are not understood it is Ib.canse
of shameful ignoraoce, or an infa
mous intent to tortire what may
conime from us into some crime against
the people.
Heretofore this jndgment tax bnsi
ness has been the poker in the hands
of tire Conservative citizens, and now
the radicnls attempt to use it, but will
not succeed;. however, that is not
what we intended now to speak of.
Whlat is menust by this "Audit Corm
mittee" is simply this, gropped under
hIeads that express everything, and
mean all that is implied,
1st. We oppose the repudiation of
the JUST indebtednessof the parish.
2nd. Many of the claims against the
parish are unjust andfrandulent, and
should be canceled.' 3id.; Taxes for
the years 1870, '71, 72 and '73, have
been levied to pay these claims that
are just, within the requirements of the
latw; that is, 100 per cent of the State
tax. 4th. These taxes are nearly, all
still due and payable, and are in time
aggregate, over 50 per cent above irlat
the parish owes. 5th. The iaytilleit
of these past just claims is subject
to. be made from back toaes still due,
only, and ate not subject to future
levies, and no levy is to be .umade, ,or
is] asked, -for these payments, 6th.
The enforcement of the payment of
these back taxes is a matter of jnim.
ticeto.all those who hare pqid. their
taes regularly,. and they: will but he
reqaired to pay one cent of the past
dud"~tlaimn tr. 7th. It: tlhrowns ot all
unjust, iegal anid fraudulent clansa
anld reduces the indebtedetss of the
parish over 50 per cent, which with a
vigorous enforcement of the collec
tion of back taxes will lessen the bur
dens of thie tax, say over 30 per cent
in, futurd payments. For thie reason
that over 50 per cent more is die the
piniiali, thldt the IarishL owes; on back
taxes and back idel!teihness.' 8th.
With this plam the parish is ont of
debt in one yeit; removes the claims
fromntbe I hais" of future schemers;
redncpsit fut~ rboareas, by money
in the Trepsuery by pay in enrrency
for its obiigttiSeb~, anId it places us on
ttzo high road to future suecess.
These are the points we made and
they are now given nn easta e; those
that cantorture politiecl ~paital from
them, are welcom6e to do so.
That Printing Law,,
The press thronghout the country
parishes are all having a say with re
agnrd to thile odious law. We see
that numbers of the Rabdical Jernale
dre fr: fhor of its repeal; prominent
amongl this class are thle Ili.J, of
Hl, mer,the St. James unlisel, of St.
James, the HE ral, of Lake Charles,
the Re~ibtleaa, of Lafouche, the 8u
pyrw rflter, of West Baton ouge,
thes; Aief, of Donaldstnville, and
others we do not. rememsber. These
paera mkcltere That the li~t I' 0dieogt
As it;now stands, it:~giveespport'
to a nuambr of one-lebre 'affairs' that
awe adiagrate, bothl: in appearancee
'4abilityi .apL froit, the .:t,. the
lawhLaU not added to the mpects.
b'tbil Hoo flnende of a tg5'm rdical
penrin the Sta t u ..p"g i et i trary,i
amonophtly, Bad,:ddvren 'n all feeta
4id respect fo athat iles of aas
rwng"ii "pap-fed."' ' ."
,enate, Ito laharoa smml .will l re
pealed in Jamtiaf t,~ And 'ilY4l s
most remain wilth the radical tf it Is
not done. tBueh advertlspente as
Sherifs and Suessrion Aal.andl all
judicial publications, stmild ,be left
to the option and will of the pi'ty
who pays the bill, wher ":: .will
publishtthlms.. They aw pulsatewnast
tleai with wh·lh .:.thet titen ims:h
'Iig' to interfere. The law shbiilfl
Spya reasnishlo mepr pwn..tip -sa,
., We,.arl ~M iat44tor,ttt fif.is
l., ,obf,,alt meet exD!,inla ,.r
ThauladisagiAsee
;ista Matthgfinstaneat this
Policy.
That there is a certain amount of
policy required in every day life, we
are even in doubt; some contend so,
but the vast majority of men do not
admit these premises. Policy and its
meaning is often confounded with de
ceit, and the person practicing the
one is but doing the other--then there
has entered largely into the practical
. world, what is know as selfishness,
this is also called policy. It is not
our province, however, to discuse this
subject, save as it bears upon public
matters-upon the broad question of
the'conflict with principle by its use.
All policy is very suspicious, says
ian eminent statesman, that sacrifices
the interests of any part of a com
munity to the ideal good of the whole
-this is certainly ain axiom as trite
as truthful, and ]how near have our
people conme to live up to it.
WVe hear it said on all sides that
people have no rulers save of their
own creation, this we admit in the
main, but like in all other things'
shams will creep in, and past imita
tion is often mistaken for the pure do.
mend. In our own political, shall we
say political freedoms, battle rather,
even _without metaphor contest, there
is occasion for the demagogue, and he
profits by it. This individnal has
made it a study to learn the public
taste, the tone of the public palate,
what it requires, and upon such viands
does lie feed it, that the appetite
seems to crave.
From the year 1868, the advent of
reconstruction, Radicalism and ruin,
in the State of Louisiana, till 1874
six years, policy was the watchword,
and defeat the result. Even in 1874,
we found many adamant-political
policy philosophers, upon whoni these
disasters had made no impression;
they seemed as if born at a stand in
mental action, to have been created
with just so much and no more po
litical thought, and have made defeat
and disaster more than criminal by
thir' conduct. To this class let us
add yet another, found even among
Christ's deciples, consequently there
can be Ino disgrace to us in hanging
thetm here. We refer to the time
server--the fence-straddler-the rin
with-a!!e- hatel, d hold- with-the
hounds, policy amas, who seems so
:wise, so patriotic, so self-aerifieing,
bit nil on the surface,~andaiill for self.
This individual is in his element in a
distuirbeld state of society, it is then
that ,he can reap his little profit, upon
which to isustain his declining years.
He is found at primary meetings,
with his little ticket; Ilis series of
wishy-washy. resolutions. He calls a
thievery of ptnblic money a deficit,
and ti.e' man . ho' comnmits the theft
a defaulter, or "lie is short, poor fel
low." He designates a barefaced
public plunder as an "illegal act, nn
wise legislation." He is soft on lin
friends anld honied with the enemy.
In fact, hre lacks that attribute that
makes the man, character, and he has
that which makes the ass-cheek.
"And has lie fillowers " do gu sagy.
He certainly has-some; his pat
smile and fawning appearance, hiis
prompt attenJance and readiness-to.
do-everything conduct, is taken by a
great mtany, to mean patriotic action,
lie dissembles, he deceives, and in the
end, should iis people, as he feeling
ly (a ia crocodjle) calls them, lose,
he is Lafe any way; and in that event
he satisies his frieads ()i that they
have gained something by getting
him in. He tells them that he is in a
position to protec" them, but does
not say, at the same time, also to help
himself.
Then, tihe readers of the Vindlcate,
will at once set them dowm as dema
gogues-worse than that, for they
Carry it to the extent of ruin and
degredation, in Louisiana.
Success comes not in that way, nor
by their help, and the first duty we
ewe th; our cotptry is to plaiuly and
publicly sanb this class. There is
nothing to 1osbg it, anl itheb gcij,s
three-fourths of. the battle1 for it
makes umity, and that i, sacess.
What is required of our people is a
bold, well defined line of actlpn-
principle to be the foundation. and
capstoney a vigorous and vital con
duet of affairs; no dallying ith the
enemy, but war! war I all the time
against them, and the victory .wbhen
won, which imsnovt is doubly lt~ne
fical, it is dtr6f with virtue, and' wie
capture witiout condition, :th op
.posing forces.. .
':In the present crisis Ia ore State,
powy freterstal: in, principle is the
God of vitory--let us not worship
•the idol, bt appeal; to the living per
Moinleatidn-the maker. Away with
this policy man
"He secretly
Puts pirates colors oat at both our sters
That we night fihtg ~ ach othe .id mle
That he shonuld shrhertheuin ofus both I"
Let us cling to princile, qpr acih
,wnrd niakeit. BUild upon t our
5ope~ sand, Fit a determaised .WUI
ght.th h last npwna that scbre. We
eeith'dtrigfht wt wong ;' theire ea
* rt p h, and erb' · ' '•* -
We h ibp our, itiseas will
attend the exhibit~bnoe the fane
Save yieMeal4ufs Cok'eEsglth
Duty of Our Legislators.
Although the task. before them is
Herculean, We can bit hope.that our
legislators will fearlessly grapple the
wmo k to which the people leave in.
vited them ; no part of which we hope
will be left undone.
In looking over the field strewn
with vicious legislation, we hardly
know at what paint to designate the
entry of the scythe of reform ; but it
strikes ns that at first, attention
should be given to political questions,
and when we say political, we do not
mean it in the rabble sense, as now
applied; but, the repeal of such po
litical laws as have been passed by
partisan radical amemblies, to de
prive citizens of ftred political priv
ileges, or when enjoyed, to overcome
them by species of legal legerdemain
known only to the trickster and the
tyrant.
The election and registration laws
stand first in order, for without their
repeal or modification, there are but
two courses left to the whites of Lou
isiana, to submit to have firly earn
ed victory snatched from their grasp
by a villainous Returning Board, or
else appeal to that inherent power
God has endowed all men with, to
protect their rights and preserve their
liberties. Hence the people's repre
sentatives have a fearful responsibil
ity in this matter; they determine al
most the fate of our citizens, consign
them to patriot graves, or, whoatis
worse, to degrading slavery. Kel
logg's party know full well the situ
ation and will take that advantage
their dissembling nature renders
them so fit for. We may expect
promises, overtures, adjustments and
compromises; they will squirm in
and out; in fact do all mannerof
tricky things to put us "on the hap.'
We know this usurper but too well;
lie promises but to deceive; and he
is known .to America as the living
personification of a lair. Still, he
can find some, thank Heaven but few,
to place confidence in his protesta
tions. Kellogg has no rirtue in him
lie would promise anything simply
for the purpose of breaking that
promise. All advances from him
must be watched-there is treachery in
his look even; our menmbers must be
firm and unyielding in their demands.
This election and registration matter
the radicals will fight to the last gasp
before they yield, for the reason that
it is their last hope. They are pow
erless to carry the State by votes and
must do it by fraud. How this np
pIl is to be plucked ronm the garden
of Hesperides is left to the wisdom
anid patriotism of our legislators to
determine.
HaRtipg once settled all matters of
political |legliation the quesmtion of
practiceal reform should be entered
into. There have been ianyv legis
lative oficescreated to fatton spoil.
hnnters at the expense of the people.
These are legion and must all be cut
ofl thereby saving to tihe State and
people thousands of dollars in salaries
and fees.
Thle school system is to be rigidly
looked after and the mlonies applied
to the educatioa of the children not to
the pay of hundreds of plundering
school board membaernot to travel
ing harpies or residenut presidents of
radical clubs and radical organisors.
The collection of the poll tax must
be enforced and this alone will add
to the revenue of the State $150,00
without increasing the burdens ofthe
people.
The exhorbitant fees now paid to
constitutional offieemrs must be ecr
tailed to a fair and legitimate limit.
The office of tax polleetor should be
abolished, fees reduced, duties lim
ited and theim collections be made for
the State by the shleriff, and for par
ishes by such persons as their lespec
tive police juries may name.
The law at present regarding the
police juries, their powers, pay, bte.,
should be abolished in toto and one
member from each ward be elected as
heretofore with semi-yearly meetings;
each meeting not to exceed ten days
and the salaries allowed each not to
exceed three dollars per mileage io-n
eluded. In fact they can hardly
toueh upon any poSint that does not
need eatting and pruning.
Private monopolles of 1 shbapes and
formrpliould be abhlisbdl ad: at the
'e otd~f stiads the ,odious priot
log jlah ichd has bee. aiopnoaced
ipon by rearly all parties .lt.e ane
less to say how bed tbi law is its the
facts are so .well know othat it has
not one defender of all the press that
enjoys the benefit of it.
The people will look for a clear
sweep and the oeeasion is eertainly
good for the radteals are all erying re
tform and an opportunity now pre
sents itself for them to go upon rec
ord; the i0ple witl then know
whether this is all cant or real.
This makes the duty of our legis
aIntors doubly greater from the fact
that these men may overreach them;
may under promise get the appropri
atihm bill through, when-good bye
reform. Statemanshlip will be me
q(ired and we truttliat 'we will not
be presented with a stone when we
ask for bread, as we wera "dring the
ten days." ;te4 await the result with
*painful anxiety np d cohnsel prudence
ag# grqeat to our legislators and
patenhieto sdit peoplu .
), u,.- o. p.itinu o doe at
The]Railroad.
In all places where thrift now fol
lows, great interest are taken in, and
monied or otlter assistance is rendered
to railroads. The great west as it
now stands, including western New
York, West Virginia, Ketficky, lili
noise, Ohio, Indiana, Wlsconsin,
Iowa, Minnesota, Michigan, Kansas,
&c., owes its present prosperous con
dition simply to railroads; to the in
terest and mutual aid which was ren
dered these roads by the people who
owned the lands within the radius of
the sections named.
Although we are bitterly opposed
to the lending of funds, the donation
of lands or the endorsement of bonds
for purposes of public improvements
in the way of Canals, Railroads, &c.
Still we will ever be found favoring
State aid, properly applied, which
combined with such assistance as the
parishes, municipal and private in
dividuals should render, is amply
suflicient to construct these lines of
travel and transportation.
Thirty years ago States were an
known, in name even, which now vote
their hundreds .of thousands. Tlte
mountainous regions of Western
Pennsylvania, New York and Vir
ginia have, notwithstanding their
barren soil, been made to yield un
told millions, not only in minerals,
but in agricultural produetions. The
development of this entiretregion is
due simply to canals and Wailroads, in
the construction of which 0e people
of those sections, as individuals and
comomunities, took active stock. We
have here a valley that conceals its
millions within the womb of the vir
gin soil; millions thatt..te husband
nian'splow turns up ot the surface.
No -tate, no cdnryt on the face of
the globe ereels the valley of Red
River. Its productions are many,
every thing knoun, to man, or that
man would require, can be suctieseful
iy cultivated, and is not done, Rimply
from the fact that the class of labor,
physical force applied with and by
intellgeues, not at hand. To re
alize this want, to build up and pros
per this country, we must encourage
the construction of those lines of
railroads now being aggitatel among
us. We must render to them all the
material aid within our power.
Our parish has 401,761 acres of lapd
within its borders, not one tenth of
which is in cultivation. Most of
these lands are of the finest alluvial,
rich and productive. It is the imperi
tive duty of the ewnereof these lands
to bring them Uniter cultivation, to
bring Immigrants upon them, by fa
voring aid to the prpsed New Or
leans Pacific road.
Within a few weeks ..the question
will be submitted to the citizens to
decide whether we will give the de
Aired aid to this road. Tise alnount
asked is rediculously small, about 25
per cent per acre for the land alone,
which it will give a value of ten
timues as great, and taken in connec
tion with the increased valuation of
personal, Iroperty, of other real es
tate than lands, the sum which those
who favor the railroad propose to in
rest in the stock thereof, is rediceu
lously small, amounts to nothing,
when brought in comparison to the
great benefits that we will ejoy
from the railroad.
We beg the. people to thinblk this
nhatter over carefully, and after due
deliberation, decide . whattis best for
their interests in the premises.
Don't fail to attend Cook's great
English and Anmerican Circus.
Notes Through the City and
Parish.
Mad reigns supreme; the rain
caused it.
Cane river, has put on a red
dress. Below here the river is
navigablet the Col. A. P, Kouns
byving reaehed 'Carroll Jonts'
plantation last week.- She took
out:475 bii oe f cotton atil.7.5
Baeiness btll e6fitfnues depres
ed. Mereaints eomplhis leoudly of
dull trade. Owring to the bad coo.
dition of the roads to the interior,
the receipts otf ton haise faena
of largely.
The stape roles higbh, nearly at
Ntew Orleans figures. It is atr
prising how people can pay.such
prices for cotto an.d live.
. Belle ,Bowland reached .Grand
Ecore Sunday. Good tripF!Piaght
cotton, per bale $1 ;up eightsl 1
card rates.
(Garia, the Second street gro
rer, is up with lots of nice things.
Go early.: ...
Town crowded during the week
with our country friends attend
ing coart.
Home Minstrels at laecate's
saloon, Monday;(, megl mber' 27th,
1875.
-First knock dowYflM the State.
Henry Pressley went up and will go
down to work i the, railiroad. He
liked turkey tiit Look some one else's
for *hieh he WlI found guilty, He
will eat no moreatidrkey, hard tack
and bacon willl bet'h delicacies for
Preasdy hereafter.
Thursday, 10th inst.
Those Old Whig.
There was a party of which te
history of this country tells us, ad
they were called wihigs, this blay
PIlitic had a set of plimciple+s sro
and constitutional, they nuoulr
largely, and among them were sosn
of the first met in the Union, sole f
the brightest patriots of the Seth.
Tie priciples for which they e.
tended Massed away in 156Y, asirs
now engrafted fa the Demeetal
platform. Hence me, of brais wlh
belonged to that organization lane
either died or followed the polfhl
creed or what remalned of is, toe t
Democracy, and they have in It
party become leaders, many ofthe.
We ean refer to our own State onh;
look at Marr, at Ogdon, at DeCloue,
and a host of others, iho led in Loo.
isian affairs, they were all wihipt
Does it not seem the height of foll
for the radical party t call apes
these men to come and join thea,
still it is done, and we understanu
that Louisiana has been flooded with
precious ducumeuts from Packard,
Ray, Ludeling and Kellogg, calling
upon patriots, like tlese, to betray
and accept reward fiom them. Gen.
DeClonet, than whom no purer patriot
lives, has put a flea in the ear of thew
fellows, they will let him rest in fu
ture. And to what feast do they in.
vite these gentlemen f To the orgire
of the villains whe have plndoered,
despoiled, usurped and degraded
Louisiana. It is to this party that
the glorious, virtuous whigs are ask
ed-and for what purpose? Is it to
build up the State; to bring prosper
ity to our blighted homes; to save the
little remnant we have left-No ! It
is to still further plange us in ruin;
to still further ruin as, and to take
that little remnant which is left
They ask; they beg the whigs to
condone their .past lawless acta; to
acquiese in theeKellogg usurpation ; to
say that troops can be nused to des
troy a State, that citizens ein be ni
rested without warrant or law, this it
what thl republican party asks the
wligs to do. And wl'at reward do
they offer-a place on thee plunderous
board, a black erown of infamy ; they
invite them to abandon virtue, and
become depraved, to desert the sane
tuary of the patriot and become the
companion of the freebooter and the
outlaw.
The whigs of Louisianoa spurn with
indignation such infamous offers, they
shudder the thought of touching
the hand of AIch vile men; rather
would they perish with pure, untaiat
ed esenteheon, carrying to the grave,
the tattered banner of the old whit
party, than live ages of each degrads
tiUon.
Out upon them; our fathers, whig
fathers, would rise from the graete
upbraid us for such treacheory. There
is notliiig iln comnnon with the whig
and republiciean, a gulfdeep and wid
as ocearn divides their.. One stazis
upon p~ity, piuenciple and virtue, the
other wallows in tlthl, robbery sad
vice.
Let as here no more ofthias let
the radical plunderers hie themselve
to their last hope. We offer no teram,
but demand an uneonditional somree
der of Louislana's citidel to the lumds
of its virtuoos .hildren-Whi$ sad
Demoerat.
Don't fail to come up to I
coste's to see fthe Home Miustil.
We are proud tmnosunaes that te
dam on Sibley's Ilake has been om.
pleted to the satisfaction of those whon
undertook it. To Capt. J. A. Sayer
and his soldiers, the major part of the
honors must be, and are seeditS.
The Captain, by the way, a wholde
soultIed gentleman, was the first to gt
work; his pretence sad exertions dli
all. Our old friend T. Laeeste ar
on hand as usnal and the pry can
well be ealled lnSayder mt Lamnste's
levee." They have but one request
to make; the citisens are earnestly
beged to keep up the weok in future.
Deastrict Court Record.
Frist week, Monday, Decemberthb,
1875. Jaudge C. Chaplin, presiding.
M-. J. Cunningham, DistriLet Attorney
Ban-W. IL Jack, D. Pierson, J.
M. B. Tucker, J. H. Cunningham, T.
P. Chaplin, P. A. Morse, C. F. Dm
gnet.
GQsrD JUYr-- C. r Ws llj6,
Foreman; C. FP.; Ilerieson, .imp
Holland, G. Derbmene, PeterThla%
David Allen,'E. L, Biakdl.,, M
Vercher, P. 8. Suitheri, A. Pratt,
Louis Baris, Jessie Brewer, Ales.
Vercher, Thou. (ceson. I. Clark.
We learn that the troops have
been removed from Co~aushatta,
We are pained to annoauce tbhe
death of J. P. Hyams, son of Col
Sam. b. Hyams.
Court is in full blast, au Judge
Chaplin is wiping out the docket
Attention-is called to the cardl
of laud to reat of Curvert Tay
lor. '
Don'tlfail to look at G.G. ben
payrac's advertisement in today'
isse.  --- - -
We were pleased to meet ourold
frieid, Dr.. J, A. Derbaune. *e
is in transit to Opelousa s, whra
he inteand loieating perumaaetly.