F Topic's fl Btu .or
ovF'T~cr~f,
Paperuf he Parib and City offitmtbllohe
IL'm A. CONOBOYE, "a Editor.
$A1 U1DAY, - - FEB. 2, I87 A
PMil Pit9r FOR LEAIsILTORS.
Our Democratic members of the
State General Assembly are evidently
not equal to the.occaslon which pre
seats itself to them. Public opinion
is clamorous for radical reforms. For
a new Constitution which will, at one
fell swoop, wipe out, not only present
cortuption, but but future legislative,
judicial and executive villainy.
On this point bat' legislators stand
in strange contrast w itl, their masters
-the sovereign people. They are
ieither harmonious or homogeneus.
And if we are to judge, that small
men are incapable of else than little
Aetions, matter contains no tinntau
lherewitll to contrast the assembled
wisdom of the Capitol.
The members of the )Democratic
party in that body mistake their voca
tion, and overleap their standing ui
our party, as well as assume too much
for their ability. We have not dole.
gated to them the palm of party
leadership--an office their actions
would seem to indicate they had
usurped.
We are well aware that man is an
ago`istical bundle of humanity, and is
apt to assumelprerogatives, when ele
rated above the "common herd," to
which he is not entitled, and for
which nature never fitted him. Party
leaders are either born with the
geniuo for that office or selected by
consent. Our Democratic array In
Senate and House, if they possess
Sature's certificate, are a libel on
humanity, and we are certain that
Louisiana has not sunk so low info the
Intellectual scale as to "choose by
consent" a leader from among them.
Polities is the science of human
government-it must be learned from
books. There are fixed and immuta
ble roles governing its snccess. Our
legislators are not politicians; for that
*e suffer, and for that reason they
cap never assume party leadership.
Some of these legislators have
strange ideas of aiding the success of
party-of promoting the end of party
organization. A number live within
the shadow of fear-fear of Northern
prejudice; and desire, be well as urge,
that Louisiana shall be governed, not
for the benefit of the people and for
the happiness and welfare of the citt
ten of the Commonwealth, but to t
allay Northern radical censure; and
these men of eonrse imagine that what I
they don't know about statesmanship
Is int Worth knowing. There is still
another class that are filled with the I
idea that the enemy will disintegrate I
-.that victoryi can be won only by
allowing the opposition to blunder
and split. Those are the sEsop-lark- I
and-the-farmer statesmen, who are I
eonstantly laughing at Ma~cnwber for I
beltg a fool, and are constantly act
tlUg Meawber without knowing it.
Aad there is another point we de
sre to make, mnch as we regret to
deeead f6 it. There is to-day, per
iaps, more mean, petty rivalries
among our legislators than can be
imagined in one short day. Imnagina
tion has fondlyv traced in the mind of
more than one vain man his eminent I
fioess to ocueopy the Governor's chair
in 1880. More than one aspires to
head onr State t(lhet next guberna
torial election-and there are not a
few who hope to name a governor and
then own him after he is in. This ,
with the pitiable lack of brains-not i
one wfrlt commanding superiority over I
his feloww-,a dead level of medio
erlty-reds"a olr asembly to a dis- '
erganised rabble
We hlve f~iends among' these peo
ple, they are, rn fact, all our friends,
but candor and oetr dut, as a faithful
journalist impels as to these utter
ances which, however harsh, tlhey may
seem, the very peril of our situation
iaperatively demanda of os,
Is t ateesauy to ame tlhe remedy
when the easuesale peoated so clearly
as we have endeavored topoint them ?
Our people are not an unreasoning,
elamorous populace. Their demtnds
are just, and founded upon enered
pledges. They ivill not be forced
down by impudent assertions, that 4
they are "howling idiots," who know
lot their situation,
'the day then a few men could say
what the citizens of a whole Common
wealth required, is not with us yet.
We still olfer on the brink of ruin,
asd antil we ae safely anehored with. -
na a sere arMhor-sheltered by a Con- I
stitution whicb wil preoteet our liberty
and material lIterests from the rude
assault of petty despots and plbnder- .
ors, the "clamor" will continue.
To-da.y our people are more united
than they will be next year. Safety
and mteanl protection has fused them
tato 8 mass nothing but the foulest
troehers. can dissolve. Defer the
ftllament of the sacred pledges made
by the Deniocratio party of this BState,
as the price for its tease of power, and
the people, disgusted, burning with
ildignation at the deception practiced
lpen them, will break up lto dio.
emiaed bands, each seeking salfety I
that ea never be realised, and the a
,soastrn tioa of Louisiana, with its.f
pure essence, the afriennization of the
Commonwealth and the degradation
of its citizens, becomes an accomplish
ed fact even beyond the wildest dream
t of its ptogenatars.
Little Spite.
We noderstand that certain Demo
cratic Senators feeling aggrieved at
the ntterancesofthis paper, sought, In
a spirit of revenge, to dlescend to that
e which we had fondly hoped no mem
r her of the Democratic party would
be guilty of. Mr. Joseph Johnson, a
1 brother-in law of the editor of the
r VINDICATORI, was appointed by Gov
9 ernor Nicholls assessor of this parish.
t With his appointment "we had noth
ing to do, beyond signing his petition.
Other gentlemen than we suggested
his name and secured his appoint
g ment. That we should have felt
,gratified thereat is but proper; but
that we ever construed it into a nom
I ination springing from this journal is
preposterous to suppose.
Certain Democratic Senators, ttrged,
aided and abetted by Twitchell, the
notorious Red River tadical bummer
and thiet, to be revenged upon the
VINDICATOR, made a combination to
defeat Mr. Johnson's confirmation.
These Senators numberad six, and
we have their names.
It is indeed painful to behold such
pitiable, despicable condnct--worthy
the Radicals Senators and springing
from their futile brain--engaged in
hy men, who should scorn to stoop to
so low an action.
To take vengeance apoii the VtN
DICATro, whose bold tone and defiant
utterances they fear, by injuring and
mortifying an honorable gentleman
in no way connected with our journal !
Cowardice could suggest no better
weapon, and the heart that would use
it, is too base to be described.
Senator Sandiford, we are proud to
say, sustained himself as the honora
ble and patriotic gentleman we have
ever believed him to be, and drove
from his room Lewis, the negro re.
presentative from this parish, and
forced from Twitchell the names of
those Democratic Senators who pro
posed to seek reparation for a fancied
wrong by doing an act that would
put to blush any one but the mean
and little,
We-have nothing to say in our de
fence, because we have done no
wrong. We have no apology to offer
for words uttered in these columns
other than that which becomes a gen
tlemen when we are shown we are in
error.
To those who would stab in the
dark-these assassins of men's repo
tations-those mean spirits who seek I
clandestinely to wound men's honor:
who riot in small things and are In
capable of a generous or brave action
-we have nothing to offer save our
undying scorn and contempt. We
fought Louisiana's battle when they I
were buried in tihe rear shivering In I
evtry limb at the Ahbouts of their op
presmors. We did our duty, and never,
never can it be said that we met, even
the vilest of the vile crew of radical
ism, and we had them here, save in
an open, manly fight.
TWe spit opeon men who would do
otherwise.
Senator Sandford's Card.
Senator Sandiford writes us that
iniustice has been done him by the
VINmICATon and injustice tohim we
publish the letter elsewhere in this
week's issue.
Mr. Sandifrdl for patriotism and
honor, has always held and will al
ways hold a high place in onr esti
mation; and hie has shown that this
confidence has not been misplaced
by3 his action in the Johnson confir- I
mation.
We claim the rightl to criticise the
expressions of public men, and shall
do so without fear or favor;but when
we do injustice no one is more ready
than we to make reparation.
Blnunt has had a relief bill introdu
ced, to cover the amount claimed to
be due him for pay while serving as
Senator in tihe Packard rookery last
winter. We intend to publish the
names of those who vote for this
measure, in type an inch long. We
select our friend Robinson, of St.
Landry, to dematid tl~e ayes and 1
noes on the bill. Will our confidence
be misplaced f
Coftfa Receipts.-
Received previously, 4,665 bales
" during the week 262i "
Total 4,927
The slaugllhtered Pages of the House
of Representatives are fearful to be
hold. Never mind my little men,
you'll get some office after a while
with an eight thousand dollar salary,
and then you're safe.
Majahl George Williamson went getI
to be collector of the Port of New Or
leans after all. No worse man to the I
interests of our people could be ap
pointed and we are glad to note hlis
probable rejeetion by the Senate. I
Give us a man in full aeeord with the
Democratic party or an open enemy, I
like Paekprd. (
We beg Senator Zaclarie, if he will
make Hayes' speeches to quit pub. a
itshing them. We like'the Senator
and it pains us to see his labored ef i
fort to uwake IHaes a saint. f
Jack in the Box.
*'Were Adamastor to appear to him he
would shout out, 'Hallo there, old Bug
a-bo I'"
It seems we have a few Democratic
Senators to whom the negro, with his
yell about "tights," is a perfect "Jack
in tihe box." An illustration of this
took place when Senator Stubbs' bill,
providing for the employment of
those sentenced to parish jails for
crimes and misdemeanors, was under
discussion. Stamps, a negro, and one
of the remains of past corrupt legis
latures, objected In vociferous tones
to the passage of the bill, becacse it
was a "blow at the rights of his color";
and strange to say there were Senators
who slunk out of the majority and
voted to recommit tihe bill.
We beg our honorable Senators to
remember that they are legislhting
for the benefit of society in general in
Louisiana, and that this bill of Sen
ator Stubbs', or something similar is
imperatively demanded.
We cannot stand the exponse of
feeding and maintaining crowds of
prisoners as we are doing and relief
mast come whether the negro likes it
or not. It is the negro's misfortune
that he should be Injured by the law
and the way for him to escape its
rigor is to qnit stealing.
Let laws be enacted in the interest
of the welfare of the material inter
eats of the State and if the negro suf
fers thereby let him go to--Liberia.
WILL THEY HEED IT.
When we ask the opposers of a Con
stitutional Convention to say how we
shall be relieved from the burdens of
tihe present inscrnment, adopted by
aliens and for the purpose of plunder
ing as well as degrading us, lays upon
the material interests of the State,
they cannot answer. They do not
attempt it. They are as silent as a
charnel-house. We are led to the
conclusion, from their maintained
silence, that they are powerful as ob
jectors, but perfectly helpless as ad
visers.
The arguments in favor of a Con
stitutional Convention are found in
the facts of the history of this Cons
monwealth for the past eight years;
are read in the downfall of every
community, that, so lost to liberty,
submitted that their sovereign power
should be wielded, unrestrained by
Constitutional provision, by a legisla.
tore of corrupt men.
The arguments against it consists of
theories, of surpmises, and of conjec
ture- all born of fear or cupidity.
It is useless to say that "our as
sembled wisdom" at the State 'capitol,
"with an opportunity for consulta
tion," know better than the people.
I1e have just returned from the (lapi
tal, and find that public sentiment
there, outside the ofiice-holders, is the
same as tiere-solid for a Convention.
We gave our readers, in an editorial
letter, last week, the points upon
which the opposers of a Constitutional
Convention rely as a justification of
their conduct in not heeding the de
mands of their conlstituents. That
these reasons are futile all intelligent
minds must admit. ' Patch-work with
our Constitution will not do. The
whole instrument must be abrogated.
Our legislators will consult the
wishes of the people by calling a Con.
stitutional Convention and adjouro
ing!
THE SILVER BILL.
We seriously question if there has
ever been a moment of more inm
poi tnnce to the American people than
the present. Our country has had its
shocks of foreign and intestine war.
We have had commercial failures and
agricultural disaster, but, at no time,
has gigantic money-power reared its
head in one mighty effort to lay at its
feet every interest of the country, be
fore this.
It would be presumption to suppose
that our people do not think, and
that seriously, of the questions being
now debated in our halls of Congress,
and we are assured we speak by tIhe
card when we say that they are
heartily in favor of thie remonitisation
of silvet; the repeal of thw National
Banking law.and of tihe Resumpton
act. -'.- 
Senator Voorbees, of Indiana, has
lately given voice to the cry of the
la6orer of this country, and his words
find responsive echlo in the hearts of
the whole South. Our own legislature
has instructed our members of Con
grees and Senator Eustis to vote for
the Silver bill, and the New Orleans
Democrat, tihe' city exponent of the
sentiment of Louisianians, has been
daily filled with able and cogent edi
torials in defence of the poor man's
money. Ere this, Congress has yield
ed to tihe demands of tihe American
citizen, and silver is about to be ai
coin of the realm.
The Governor's message is U mourn
ful recital of the evile which afflict
our people, but there is no remedy
suggested. Modes of collecting taxes
are mentioned, and the State debt
payment burdens many a line of the
first message issued by a Louisiana
Governor in the bright sunshine of
peace and quiet. This is truly a sad
disappointment to the patriot's heart.
Kidd, of Jackson; where, oh I where
are yout Your voice in the country
was for aConvention. Have they set
down on our orator-those city in
fnences t
The Hynes Trial,
At the last term of the District Court a
criminal case of more than usual interest
was tried, and resulted in the acquittal
of Samuel Hynes, accused of the murder
of James Sullivan. The circumstances
attending the homnocide, created a pro
found sensation at the time, and puldic
opinion was manifestly against Hlynes,
until the facts were elicited on the first
trial. On the 26th day of August 1876,
the uniform quirt of our city was sud
denly and rudely disturbed by the re
port or fire.arms on 3t. Denis Street.
Soon it was known to every inhabhitniit
llynes had shot and killed James Sulli
van in open day on one of the principal
thoroughfares of our city. It appears
that 8, was a brother-in-law of H, and
until a few years since, was residing in
Texas, that he was in very bad circum
stances and was induced to come to La..
that he might avail himself of the assist
ainre of Hynes. At this time Hynes had
an only dlaughter, to whom he was devo
tedly attached, and to whom an Informal
donation had been made ofthe plantation
on which Ilynes resided, situated on Cane
river about Bt miles ,belohw this city.
'I'hro; gh the intluence and intrigue of S.,
this young girl the only hope of her fath
er was inutced to run away with and
marry a worthless fellow by the name of
Leconr, over whom Sullivan had unrbonn
ded control. Capt. Hynes was at the
time on a bed of sickness unable to exer
cise his authority as a parent.
This base act of ingratitude on the part
of Sullivan toward his relation and bene
factor, was the origin of all the trouble
which finally led to his death. Believing
that the donation in favor of Hynes'
daughter was legal and valid, Sullivan's
object was to disposess Hynes, put Le
cour in possession, when the plantation
would virtually belong to himself. With
this object in view, repeated demands
were made on Hynes for the property,
refusals returned, and much angry and
hostile feeling engendered. Hynes being
an old citizen of the.parishm, a very suc
cessful planter, owning a considerable
property here, ant withal ofea very peace
able disposition, was inclined to avoid a
difliculty with Sullivan. The latter tind
ing that he could not bully Hyues out of
his property evidently, from evidence ad.
duced on tihe trial. entered into a conspir
acy with Lecour to effectually get rid of
Hytnes. A few days before the homicide,
Sullivan cr:sted Red river going in the
direction of Hones' house, and toll the
witness Thos.'Bailey that if he found
Hynes that day, or saw him, he would
kill him, that he had killed seven men
alrealy. At about 8 o'clock in the even
ing of the same day Henry Peyton living
on Hynes' place was shot by Lecour and
another man, who, from the doscription
given was Sullivan. The same day the
witness Valmnore pat Leconr and Sullivan
across Caune river below Hynes' place to
attend a shooting match the following
day, but afterwards offered the ferryman
any amount to take them over the river
again that night. Albert Robinson saw
Sullivan and Leconr lurking about Hynes
house that night, but fortunately -Hynes
was from home and did not return until
a late hour. Being thas foiled in their
murderous design, anIl annoyed by an at
tack from Peyton's dogs, they wantonly
shot and severely wounded the old negro
without any provocation whatever.-
About a week before the homicide, Sulli
van and Lecour armed with double bar
reled shtgunus with Hy tnes' daughter, now
Mrs. Leconr, riding between thetm, passed
Hynes' door on their way to town. In
the evening, they returned and after pas
sing the house, Sullivan returned and
asked the witness Martha Peyton where
Hynes was, that he had a power of att'y
from Mrs. Lecour for the property, and
that Hlynes had commenced a game that
he would not live to see over. He said
that Hynes craylished into his hole and
'damn him he would make hint seethe
muzzle of his gun." All this was conmnu
nicated to Hynes, as well as the following
threats made ona the very day of the hom
icide. Lecour and one Moses had been
arrested and were in the custody of two
deputy sheriffs' and a posse. Sullivan ac
comnpanied tbem to Cane river opposite
Hyines hosis when the posse crossed he
continredl up the river. Sullivan toldi
Dodd one oft'the posse that he was going
to use hisshot gnu against llHynes. He
crossed Cane river about one mile below
town be met the witness Hutch Baldwin,
Sllivan had a double barreled shot gun
and revolver, the witness asked him if
the pistol was tor sale, when Sullivan re
plied that he wonhld self him the pistol
for 68, after hlie had killed curly headed
Hynes with it that day. He then clme
onl to town where he arrived about half
an hour before the sheriff and his posse
with whom Hynes had been summoned
as one of the posse, also arrived.
The same morning Sullivan told Jas.
Collier, Dep'y sheriff that he had killed
three mnen in his life and had spotted
Hflynes for his fourth one and said he
would go to town that day and settle with
Hynes. After Sullivan arrived in town
hie told the witness J. E. Breda that he
would kill Hynes before dark that day, if
it was the last act of his life. After these
and mnany other similar threats had been
proven thie Judge permnittedl the defenceo
to prove that the general character of de
ceased was such as to induce a well
groundtled fear that he would carry his
threats into execntion. It was proved
that everyone who knew Sullivan in his
neighlborhoad feared and dreaded him,
that he was a resolute, dangerous and
lad man. The evidence for the State
clearly established the fact of the killing
of Sullivan by Hynes, but there was some
conflict in the details.
The preponderance of testimony estab
lished the fact that Sullivan had drawn
his pistol and was about to shoot Hynes
when he was killed. The prosecution of
this case was conducted by W. P. Hall,
Dist. Att'y, who displayed more than his
usual ability in behalf of the State, and
the coafithdence alreadly reposed in him by
his friends and the public, as a faithful
and competent officer was fully main
tained 'throughout. The defence was
.ea.ucted by Measrs. W. H. Jack, Win.
M. Levy and C. Chaplin. The two form
er gentlemen addressed thl jury on the
part of the accused and acquitted them
selves, as they generally do, to the entire
satisfaction of all who heard them.-
Each in his own style surpassed all for
mer efforts at the Bar. The eloquence of
one drew tears from every eye, while the
reasoning of the other convinced every
wavering judgment. The charge of His
Honor D Pierson was reduced to writing
and wvould of itselfafford a complete cont
menutary on the law ofself-defense, which
was invoked on the part of the defendant
in the 6bse. It displayed great learning
and research and was so correct and im
partial, that for once at least, the Attor
ney's on both sides were' satisfied. The
jury, composed entirely of intelligent
white citizens, promptly and speedily ac
quitted Capt. Hynes; and the verdict met
public sentiment as a Jst and proper
one.
We thiizt that a Constitutional
Convention will be called. The senti
ment of the House of Representatives
was in fav6r of the measure from the
start. The Senate, however, was not
so ready to respond to the will of the
people. Mr. Sandiford informed as
that that body had got over the "in
fluence, peculiar and indesecribable,
of the Capitol, and they would pass
thie call, 6o it could be passed if sub
nmitted to a vote.
IarrITe4: - In Couahatta, on Jan. 23,
1878, Mr. Charles Leroy, to Mine Hester
Harv.. All of this pariah.
The above notice was aecomipaniod by
the usual printers' fee.
NEW AI)VERTISEMENTS.
VEGETINE.
HER OWN WORDS.
BAIIMousIt, Mt., Feb, 13, 1877.
Mi. I. R. STEVENS.
Dear Sir,-Since several years I have got a
sore and painful foot. I had some physicians
htt,they coultn't cure tlo. NOW I have heatrd
of your VGi;ETIrN fron a lady that was sick a
long time, and became all well from your VGt;
FTINE. and I went and bought me one bottle of
Vegetine; and after I had used one bottle, the
pains left jme, and it began to heal and I bought
one other bottle. and so I take it yet. I thank
God for this remedy and yourself ; and wishing
everv sufferer may pay attenotion to it. It is a
blessing for health.
Mrs. C. KRAIBE, 638 Weet Baltimore Street
VEGETINE.
SAFE AND SURE.
M.. 11. R. STVENSR.
In 1872 your" Vegetine was recommended to
me, and, yielding to the persuasions of a friend,
I consented to try it. At, tihe time I was suffer
lng from general debility aind nervous prostra.
tion, superinduced hl overwork and irregular
habits. Its wonderfil strengtheniºng aind cur
stive properties seemed to afteet my debilitathd
system from the first dose ; and ittlder its per
sistent use I rapidly recovered. gainingi more
than usual health and good feelineg Sinle then
I have not hesitated to give Veietine my most
lunqualitied indorsement, as being a safe, sure
and powerful agent in promoting health antd
restoring the wasted system to new life and
energy. Vegetine is the only medicine I use;
andit as long as I live I never expoct to find a
better.
Yours truly, W. IT. CLARK,
120 Monterey Street, Alleghany, Penn.
VEGETINE
THE Best SFRING Medicine.
ClARLEsTOWN.
H. R. S'EvENxS.
Dear Sir,-This Is to certify that I have used
your "Blood Preparation" ini my family for sev"
eral years, and think that for Serotula or Can
kerous lumors or Rheumatic atfetions it can.
not be excelled; and as a blood purifier and
spring medicine it is the best thing I have over
used, and I have used almost every thing. I
can cheerfully reeomtmend it to any one in need
of such a medlicine.
Yours respectfully.
Mrs. A. A. DINSMtRE, 19 Russell Street.
VEGETINE.
WHAT IS NEEDED.
BOsTo3, Feb. 13, 1871.
II. R. SEVENS, Esq.
Dear Sir,-About one year since I found my.
self in a feeble condition from general debility.
Vegetine was strongly recommended to me by a
friend who had been much benefited by its
use. I procured the article, and. after using
several bottles, was restored to health, and dis
continued its use. I feel quite confident that
there is no medicino superior to it for those
complaints for which it is especially prepared,
and would cheerfully recommend it to those
who fee thallt they need something to restore
them to perfect health.
Respectfully yours, 1'. L. PETTINGILL,
Firm of S. 3M. Pettengill & Co.,
No. 10 State St., Boston.
VEGETINE.
ALL Have OBTAINED Relef,
SOUTIt BERWICK, ME., Jan. 17, 1872.
H. V. S'TFzYE's, Esq.
Dear Sir..--I have had dyspepsia in its
worst form for the last ten years, and have
taken hundreds of dollars' worth of medicines
without obtaining any relief. In September
last I commenced taking the Vegetine, since
which time my health has steadily improved.
My food digests well, and I have gained fifteen
pounds of tlesh. There are several others In
this place taking Vegetine, and all have obtain
ed relief.
Yours truly. THOMAS E. MOORE.
Overseer of Card Rooms, Portsmoth Co's Mills
VECETINE.
PREPARED BY
I. H. S EVgEN3, B3O0, B ,M8,
Vegetinle is Sold by All Druggists.
i OYSTERS s
-N s sEASOP r,
A. ALLUIN'S
RESTAURANT,
St. Deuis Street,
NATCHIITOCIIES, LA.
-ITAR3I MEALS at all hours. Transiont
u and permanent boarders accomnoda
tedwith i table well supplied with the
best in the market.
PARTIES, BALLS, WEDDINGS,
and entertaiuments furnished with sup
pers on application.
Cuisine in charge of the Proprietor who
is an experienced
CATBERER Ar COO.,
iP Terms moderate. Feb. 2-tf.
PHOTOGRAPHS!
FERRO TYPES !
Artistic Execntion 6f thwse Picture Gems
BY
DAVIS & BUSH,
"OPEN AIR STUDIO,"
Corner Front & Washington Streets,
RATCHITOCHES, La.
TERMS MODERATE.
Call early, for our stay is short.
Feb. 2-it
JUDICIAL ADVERTISEMENTS,
Judgment.
M. E. Blanchard, wife of Win. Payne vs.
Her Husband.
District Court-No. 8155.
IN this case by reason of the law and
-the evidence being in favor of the
Plaintiff M. E. Blanchard, wife of Wm.
Payne, it is ordered, adjudged and decreed
that there be judgment in favor of M. E.
Blanchard, and against her husband Wmin.
Payne, dissolving the community of ac
quets and gains heretofore existing be
tween them, that the administration of
her seperate property be fully'restored to
her, and that the Defendant pay costs.
Done and signed after having been read
in open Court on this 5th day of January
1878,
(Signed) D. PIERSON
Judge 17th District Ia.
I certify the above tobe a true andeor"
rect copy of the orighial Jadgmeat on
file in my office.
Witness my hand and oficial eal, thise
31st day of January, 1878.
JOHN LAPLACE,
Feb. a 3t D'y Clerk,
BY C. E. GIRARDEY.
EXTENSIVE AND VERY VALUABLE
School and Convent Property in the town
and parish of Natchitoches, La., with a
large tract of land hiuhly improved
and admirably adopted for an institn
tion of public utility. educational es
tablishment, hotel or farm and resi
dance combined, on easy terms and long
credit.
BY C. E. GI|RARDEY, Auctioneer-Of
fice No. :l Camp street-Saturday,
Feb. 16, 1878, at 12 o'clok, M., atM, the
St. Charles Auction Exchange, in the ro
tunda of the St. Charles Hotel, in the city
of New Orleans, will positively be sold at
public auction
THAT IIANDSOME AND EXTEN
sively improved propcrty, situated on
Old River, and extending back to Sibly's
Lake, in the town and parish of Natchi
toches. La., and lately occupied and own
ed by the Ladies of the Sacred Heart.
It was formerly known as the residence
of the late Dr. James Taylor. The tract
contains about '200 acres, more or less, as
per plan and sketch, which will he exhi
bitedl at sale. A portion of the land is
tinely timbewred with pine, ash, etc., and
interspersed by running streams and sev
eral spl ings of excellent water.
The improvements thereon are an ex
tensive and substantially built three sto
ry brick edifice, conveniently arranged,
with large ,alleries wide halls, airy and
well ventilated apartie;:ts affording ac
commodation for at least 200 pnpils.
Commodious outbuildings, and all the ac
cesssories and dependencies of a first-class
educational establishment.
The grounds surrounding the buildings
are luxuriantly shaded and have been in
a high slate of cultivation, with fruits,
flowers and vwegatables.
The property is exceedingly picturesque
and located in one of the most aristocra
tic and healthy parishes of the State.
The buildings are erected on an emi
nence commanding an expansive view of
the beautiful town and surroundings of
Natchitoches.
Corporations or religious sorieties in
quest of an establishment for an institute
of public utility. educational or hygienic
purposes, will find none more complete
or combining greater advantages.
The property is equally desirable as a
mawnitieent residence, farm or hotel.
'I rms and conditions - One-fifth or one
"fourth cash, and the'balanee from one to
five years' credit, at the option of the pur
chaser, in notes of equal annual install
.ments, bearing all the usual clauses of 6
per cent per annum interest current, and
8 per cent. per annum eventual interest,
and secured by mortgage and vendor's
'lien on property sold, the 5 per cent at.
torney's fees in case the notes given in
payment should have to be stied upon to
enforce collection, and the improvements
to be kept insured for a sum satisfactory
to the vendor, and transfer the policy.
The purchaser to assume the taxes paya
ble in 1878 over the price.
Act of sale before Octave D'Armas, Esq.
Notary Public, at the expense of the pur
chaser. Jan 2-4t 319.75.
SUCCESSION SALE.
Succession of Francois Valsin.
BY virtue of an order of the Hon. Par
t) ish Court of Natchitoohes there will
be offered for sale at public auction, on
Wednesday, February 27, 1878,
at the late residence of the deceased
near the city of Natchitoches, in this
Parish, the following movable property
belonging to said succession, to-wit;
3 Oxen.
1 Wagon.
2 Ox Yokes.
3 Plows.
1 Set plow gear.
2 Bales of Cotton, more or les9, in the
seed.
1 Black Horse.
2 Axes.
1 Double barrelled shot gnu.
Also thie following real estate, to wit:
A certain tract of land situated in the
Parish of Natclitoches, about one mile
north of the city of Natchitoches, con.
taining forty-one 27-100 acres, and repre
sen ted on a plat of survey filed with a
proces verbal of sale in the Succession of
Jean Bte. Prudhounue, as Lot No. 2,
bounded on the east by lot No. 1 of said
plat belonging to Augustin Rouques, and
west by lot No. 3, belonging to John and
E. St. Ann Prudhommne, acquired by the
deceased at the Succession sale of J. B.
Prudhomme, made on the 7th day of
November, 1872.
Terms of Sale.
CASH on the spot.
J. C. TRICHEL,
Jan. 26.-tds. Administrator.
NOTICE.
L EOPOLD CASPAI. administrator of
the succession of Charles Melancon,
deceased, having filed, in the Clerk's of
fice his final account of administration
of said succession with his petition pray
ing tor The homologation of the same
Notice is hereby given to all persons in
terested to show cause within ten days,
from the date hereof, why the same
should not be homologated according to
law.
IP. A. SIMMONS,
Jan 26 - 2t. Parish Judge.
NOTICE.
Succession of Lstan Prudhonrme.
SIERRE SERDOT PRUDHOMME hav
ing applied for the adm'nistration of
the succestsion of Lestan Prndhpmmer
deceased Notice is hereby given to all
whom it may concern, to show cause,
within ten days, why his application
should no be granted.
P. A. SIMMONS,
Jan. 26-2t. Parish Judge.
SHERIFFPS SALE.
Jas. Miltenberger & Co., vs. Mrs. Mar
celite Trichell.
District Court No. 8035.
BY virtue of an alias writ of Fi. Fa.
issued in the above entitled and
numbered suit and to me directed, I
have seized and will offer, for sale to the
last and highest bidder at the door of the
Court House, in the city and arish of
Natchitoches, on
Saturday, 16th day of Februqa 1878,
tue following described property wit:
All the nsnfructery rights of fareehite
Trichell, as survivor, in commnnity of
Severin Triehell, dee'd., one half intere-t
in and to 567 acres of land, situated in
the parish of Natchitoches, and being the
same acquired by Sevelin Trichel, by
act of partition executed before Winm.
Payne, Recorder, on the 30th day of
June 1860, (Recorded the same day)
between Severan Trichell and. J. A.
Landreaux. Gilbert Trichell, and Adelaid
Trichell, wife of Adolph Vienne, M8verin
Trichel, taking for himself in said parti
tion, 567 acres of land, bounded on the
north east by Adolph Vienne's, and
south west by J. A. Landreanx's, situa
ted on Bayou Bourbeaux. All in town
ship 10, range 6. west.
Terms of Sale :
CASH, with the benefit of appraisement.
D. H. BOULLT, Jr.
Jan. 12 tds Sheriff.
ESTRAY NOTICE.
!'STRAYED before F. P. Meziere, J.
P. . Ward 4, on the 27th December,
1877, by the undersigned. One dark
bay mare male, small size. No brands;
marked with a scar on left hind leg.
The owner is hereby notified to come
forward, prove property, and pay costs
within4 days.
A. If. GARRETT,
Jan. 19-Im, Campte, La.
Judgement.
Josephine Sherriug vs. Wade R. LU,,.
her husband.
Parish Courl-No. 1676.
N this case byh reason or the law a..
thel evitdlen c Ini in, fav or of t
Plaintiftt and against the Defe.ndant, it is
therefolre ordered :adjndged uard deereit
that thle IPainititf do have and recover to
the Defendanlt Wade Low, judgment for
the Aun of five hllllu.dd doilars. ,'rt
her prlvilege an: d urtg:ig onl her said
husband's property be recognized ag
enforced, as pra e'l for. And it i fnfh.
er ordered that the c-mmnlulity of ae.
quets and ginah heretofore existing he
tween her and her said husband be and
the salm is hercby d issolvedi, and that els
have, in fiitire, the right to adminigs.
and control her separlate estate. Defea.
dant to pay costs of this snit.
Done, read a:tel signed in open conru
on this 27th day of Nov. 1877.
Signed I'. A. SINtMONS,
Parish Judge,
State of Loulsiana,
Parish tof Natchitoches CiEmiix's Or .
I certify the abIove to be a true amd
correct coupy of the original judgment ei
file in imy omlce.
Witness my handnd official seal this
9th day of January. A. II. l1'78
W. H. TUNNARD,
Jan 12, 1878. Clerk.
Judgment.
-N this case by reason of the law ald
Ithe evidence being in favor of the
Plaintiff mfnma P. Draughon, wife of
William H. Barbee. It is therefore or.
dered adjudged and decreed that the
community of acqtlets and Rains hereto.
fore existing between the Plaintiff Er,.
ma F. Dranghon and her hnsband tb
said William II. ltarts be and the same
is hereby dissolved andl that said Plain
tiff do have henceforth the sole control
and management of her separate estst
and the administration thereof and that
defendant pay costs of snit.
Done and signed in open conrt, on this
30th day of Nov. 1877.
Signed P. A, 8S1MMONS,
Parish Judge.
State of LInietana, r
Parish of Natchitoches. CLan's Oree
I do hereby certify that the above i-a
trne and correct copy of the originaj
judgment an file fn my office.
Witness my lian d official sal t
9th day of January, 1878.
JOHIN LAPLACE.
Jan 12, 1818. Deputy Clerk,
JUDGMENT4
Tennessee Dunklemnu ve. Albert Bow
payrac, her Husband.
Parish Court, No. 1673.
I TN this case, by reasol of thelaw ai
I the evidence being in favor oftir
plaintiff, tennessee nInkletman, a
agsinst the defendant, Albert &uam
:ac, her husband, on the trial benro I.$
is ordered, adjudged and decreed that th
community of acquets and gains herte'b
fore existing between Tennessee Dankk'
man n(d her said husband be, and the
same is hereby dissolved. And that the
plaintiff do have in future the right t1
administer and control her own separa
estate. And that defendant pay l
costs of suit.
Done, read and signed in open Care
on this 27th day of November, 1877.
(Signed) P. A. SIMMONS,
Parish Judp.
State of Losisisa ,
Parish of Natchitoches
Clerk's Office.
I do hereby certify that the above a.
foregoing is a true and oorrect copy of
the original Judgment ou file in my a
Lice.
Witness my hand and ofcial
(L.S.] Seal, on, this 14th day ofJam
uary, A. D. 1878.
JNO. LAPLACE,
Jan. 19. YDy. Clerks
SUCCESSION NOTICE.
ALL persons holding claims against th.
succession of Francois Valsin, deo'd.,
will plese present the san* to me or tdt
my Atttorney, J. H. Cunningham.
J. C. TRICHEL,
Jan. 26. Administrator.
gHERIFF'S SALE.
H. Lichtenstine vs. L. Van Schuabbtok
Parish Court, No. 1595.
B"Y virtue of a writ of Fi. Pa. iansdd
- in the boele entitled and numbeaei
suit, and to me directed, I have seild
and will offer sale to the last and highs
eat bidder at the door of the Court hom
in the city and parish of Natchitoches,
on
Saturday, 16t c day of February, 1878
the following described property, to-wits
A certain tract of land sisnated in the
parish of Natiches, containing twa ob
dred and eighty acres, more or less, aid
beirg the south half of the north Mes_.
quarter of Section No. 31, township 9,
range 8, contaljning 79 40-100 acres.
The north half of the east half of t
sotth east quarter of seoctfo 32, town
ship 9, range 80 containing 9 -12-1
acres
The north west quarter of the
soutt cast quarter of section 32, to'w-
ship O, range 8, containing 39 72-194
acres.
The south half of the north east quar
ter of seetion 3, township 9, range
containing 79 30-1000 acres.
The south east quarter of the north
west quarter and the north east quafrf
of the south west quarter of sectiou 32
township 9, range 8, containing 9 4
100 acres.
The south east quarter of the south
east quarter of section 32, township 9S
range 8, containing 39 72-100 acres, to
gether with all the buildings and imp
provements thereon.
Terms of alt :
Cash-with the benefit of appaiseanS
D. H. BOULLT, Jn..
Jan. 12.-td4, Sheriff.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
Cha's, Hamlin vs. W. W. Jons.
Parish Court, No. 1674.
BY virtue of writ of Fi. Fa. ilwed i
- the above entitled and numbers
suit and to me directed, I have seized ad
will offer for sale to the last andbg.-s
bidder at the door of the Court Bom,
in the parish of Natchitoches, on
Saturday, tahe 2d day of dlarch, 18l,
A tract of land situated in thepaih
of Natchitoches, uand described a B"
lows, to-wit:
Begiining at the northwest eoruer'd
section No. 18, Township No. 9;, Nags
No. 9, thence east (20) twenty Chain,
thenee soath (200) two hundred Craif
ibetween parallel lines, containing (10)
Sne hundred acres.
Also the northwest quarter of no-.
east quarter of Secton No. 18, Townubi
No. 9, Range No. 9, west, coutaining (i
forty acres.
Terms of Sale.
CASH-with the benefit of apprasmM
D. H. BOULLT, Ja.
Jan. RS- td. Sherif.
JOHN 1. TUCKER,
Magistrate Ward 1;
St. Denis Street, : : NaicAitoche, &I
ROMPT attention given to allbWdI
entrusted to his care.
#" Claims collected at small cost.
Refers to the Bar Oenerall.
J: n o '78-ly