JAS. H. COSGIIOTE, * Editor.
NATCHITOCHES
SATURDAY - - - July 3, 1875.
Advertising lates.
. 9 O o .p
Isquare.... $ 4 - 0 $6 50 $10 00 %I5 00 $20 00
2 sqnares... 7 0) 10 0) 15 00 20 00 25 00
3 squre... 1000 1300 1800 25 00 30 0)
4 squares... 1400 18I 1 22 01 0 00 35 00
5 sqnarea... 17 00 20 0027 00 35 00 1000
6 sqnares... 2001 24 00 32 00 400 45 00
7 squaares... 2300 27 00 36 00 50 01 70 00
8 squares... 2600 30 0 40 00 65 00 81 00
10 sqnares... 30 00 35 00 50 00 57 00 105 00
15 squares... 4500 60 00 70 00o 00 00 125 00
20 squarea... 6:) 00 80 00 00 015 (3 00 150 00
Transient adcvertisoaients $1.50 pAr isquare of
10 fines $rerier, first insertion. Each subse.
qaest insertion 75 cents per square.
OUR JOB OFFVICE is supplied with a
great variety of type, and work in this depart.
ment performed with neatness and at nmoder.
ate prices.
Tornns, CAfII on delivery of work.
Rates of Subscription.
One Copy one year ....................$.3.00
One Copy six months.....................2 00
(Payable in advance.)
John J. Herbert, i's oar duly authori
zed travelling agent.
Notice to Contributors.
N'oeommnnioations will be pnbIished
unless accompanied by the author's real
name. But one side of the sheet to he
written upon whoa sent to us for inser
tion.
Articles to be short andt to the point,
to have attention.
These are our rules ant they must be
strietlt adheredo to.
Premiums to Subscribers.
The Vindicator will be furnished to
subscribers at the following rates.
1 year. ....................... $
6 mos.............................. $2
No subscription received for less
than six months.
ALt SUBscRIPTIONS INVARIABLY IN
ADVANCIX.
We will furnish to each yearly sub
scriber a magnificent Steel Engraving
19x24 inphes. Now is the time to
subscribe--write to our Editor for
Club rs, in which we offer special
. TM lua eis oR I" wnua
WhMva UI'wd son.mi au i bmm
NOTICE.
Persons ordering JOB
WORK from this Oice,
must pay for- e same
delivery of tthe
othisrom thia
. i betribers to the Capital Fund
of the Vindicatory Publishing Corn
pany, are requested to call upon
M 4H. Carver, Esq., Treasurer of
said Company, with, or remit to
hil address, the amounts they de
sire to pay to said Fnnd, without
delay.
Mr.M. 1Bandaries, gladdened this
ofles with a present of fine, lus
elone apples.
The weather is quite warm here
o·ar ltbrmometers have Mflarked
at high as 94--not up to the sig.
nal reporter at Sh-eveport, hol-.
bAble was at tirndEcore
WJ'poping Cough atill prevail
itugto an alarsing ex t in our
Sand vicinity. '
K-ldeutenant Governor, H. M.
elyams, died in New Orleans on
Friday, June 19th, aged 70 years.
AJlour old and best citizens are
thuspassing sway. Hisioass will
be aesj ily mourned by many Of
is *ieands and fellow-citizens
here.
There i muita talk of a rail
teed though th. ted river Valley
ia ewr Orleans to . hreveport
rwe shaiese the ralroel , son e
say, tbet te*o yors; w. -n e.
da, w will believe 1i.
":`7"Ti ts' r kpe Ad ik f
deh-t8 #s p1e, fi has been com-"
- Gi., m htti , Th e line
ý'b b e is ia a ind Ip ranniug
it per U lt isy two weekeor
dwatgbth g burned up allour
Greit ezeixeletBae 'i kai h Osrell
pggg sof 'the ,t1
.os taad's a pO.I
. ,f.tU + .
4 : -, ,++ + , +.+.-!-.+ ++.
Slander.
Every move made by the white Ti
citizens is construed by our enemies
into a contemplated attack upon the
rights of the negro; the conduct of
certain, parties with relation to the
meeting of the Committee of Seven- at
ty and the radical mass meeting last a
Saturday, is a good conunent on this. ni
No one ever dreamed of disturbing
the radicals, and their action in dis
patching messengers to Merrill, at e
Shreveport, for military assistance,
was a piece of unmitigated slander, gi
manufactured from whole cloth.
The Committee of Seventy is a bug- e
bear, at the sound of its name, cer
tain radical leaders begin to tremble
in their boots-the quake no doubt of
the guilty, and it is time it should be
known that they are not a band of
White Leaguers, or any other po- 01
litical or war-like organization; for
the benefit of those concerned, we
give a list this week of the members,
with their color and political co m
plexion, and wish in futnre that all
parties interested should know that a
no violence has ever yet been done
or, thought of even, by this Coin
mittee, or any other people's Commit
tee in this parish.
As long as Natchitoches parish sub- r
Smitted quietly to be plundered, we
I r
were a peaceable set; vide, the testi
- mony of all radicals before the Con
gressional Committee; but, the mo
ment we revolted against 8 per cent
taxes; against $25,000 school funds
being stolen ; against the rule of the
ignorant and the vicious, we were
out-laws, bandits and all manner of
vile omen, seeking but to slay all the t
innocent radicals, who never did harm,
save to steal two or three hundred Ii
thousand dollars from the tax-pay- b
oers,
Many of these harmless individuals
Sfirmly believed that the adjustment a
was only to give them a perfect right
to return to the fields of their former C
Iabora, and renew the old, old game; ;
when they find it will not be submit- v
ted to,. the howl goes up that the C
r Committee of Seventy are going to c
I "break up" a republican meeting. t
Such stuff would be quite amusing e
. to any other people but ours; we
have been slandered,-lied about and tl
outraged enough already, and do p
not intend to allow it any longer. C
The Resolutions of the Committee of C
Seventy, which we publish to-day, f
are submitted to the consideration of c
all people, and we defy any but the I
most pacific construction to be placed p
upon a single sentence contained I
therein. The tone is firm and manly, a
and we all intend to give their reso- e
lutions our undivided support-all i
threats to the contrary. ",
uof tree meeting of 4
the Committee of Seventy, is publish
Sed elsewhere. We
tion of all parties, and especially to C
I those who imagined a "large armed
- demonstration of whites were coming
to stop the negro or Republican par
i ty from assembling" a
f -Why it is, that any authority would
I pay the least attention to the corn
plaints of the rlidicals here, we can
not, of course, know, but ohe thing P
t is certain, that we are the only suf- r
feres. Let us ask Kellogg to put a
stop to the plundering of his horde a
- in Natchitoches parish, and he is full C
Sof promises to us, but never does a
any thing-when we take the matter i
in hand and do it ourselves, one of t
Shis little-fry officials can have"mil
lions of troops" to protect them
against whom ? against a people they P
are plundering, whose peaceful de- a
mands the- Governor will not heed,
as he isb we suppose, not any Gov
ernorof theirs.
* 'We understand, while in this con
neetion, that great stress was made o
of this call for a meeting of the Com- a
. mittes of Seventy, and troops were
r applied for to protect the robbers a
against a suppoeed.resistance, on the 1
part of the robbed. i
SIhe time is fast approaebing when
Severyperson In this State must take
Seare of himself and cannot have the
S"strong military" Invoked to protect
Shim from imaginary foes-when that i
time does come, some one, we imag- q
ilej will sing ian a very low key.
We find that the comments of a
1. the Eastern Democratlo press is 8
Snot as commendable as it ashould
be upon the fnancial plank ln the
Splatform of their Ohio brethren. I
Smhe West and Soauth wants more.
=onoey, which the East has to a
Sloan at high rates of interest-the 1
i Eiast got this money from the 1
iGovernment, and we 'iant some 5
of it the amne way. Bond-holders,
g baiker and money-enderis will 1
r iw likeany thing in the shape oft
-'S!hi , .n this eumdlating medi
- .-~-~~~--.------
iihere was £gra d powi-wow of the I
radicals en Paturday last-apeeckes '
Swer,sby Blf u.and othrs. .The I
, crowd of the faithfl was mall-isahe. a
tw h ndred ae,women and boys. I
se i~iderstame that they have'a- di
to ·'a4s t s tmore anptil no t-,
his .lis right rndoproper,aso
mihrial Interest of out parish
"it ad0tlbina r crops belng
Blunt Sounds his Fog Horn, I
TIlE COLORED MAN TO DEPART TO
TIHE LAND OF I'ROMISE--BLUNT
IN TIIE ROLE OF MOSES.
At the mass meeting of the negroes
and white radicals on Saturday last,
a series of resolutions were read and a
unanimously adopted, pledging, that f
the colored men of this parish would a
sell out their property and be prepar
ed to depart these shores on the first
day of January, 1876-with their I
great champion, Blunt, in the van.
We have heard this thing threat- i
ened more than once before, in fact, t
to often as to become quite stale, but, s
it has not been our pleasure to see
them take such a stand as this. The
leaders may imagine that this kind of
talk will frighten the white land
owners, but they are much mistaken; I
on the contrary, when the hour for '
their exodus comes, we will bid them t
all, God speed. The Jaegro will no v
longer rule in this State-that time is c
happily passed-but he will be always
protected in his constitutional rights
and privileges, and he will find
much more happiness and content- 1
ment under the rule of white men of a
intelligence who represent the mate- p
rial interest of a community, than t
under all the carpet-bag, bayonet I
rules in the world. Our planters and
land owners will unite in a grand }
body to see them off with their Moses, n
and will wish them joy in their land C
of promise; such as will go, if they
are without means, can be helped
along ; and we venture to say that j
more money can be raised here for I
that purpose than for any other. 1
Blunt and his crowd are at perfect i
liberty to depart, and that hour wilJ
be hailed with delight by all our
white citizens, and a large majority of I
colored men .that Blunt does not nor
cannot rule. I
-4*4- -
District Court, under his Hon. C.
r Chaplin, was opened on Monday last.
The Grand Jury was drawn, eight
whites and eight blacks, with Mr. 4
B Charles Levy as foreman, when the I
u court adjourned until Monday next '
to await the results of the H. C. My- I
era' contest in the Supreme Court. I
B Since writing the above we learn i
I that a number of our leading tax-.
Spayers have petitioned his lion. Judge
C. Chaplin, to defer the holding of I
court until the Supreme Court does I
' finally pass upon the legality of the I
contesting parties for the judgeship. I
e The reasons assigned by these tax- i
payers are tenable and of moment. 1
SThe burdens inenrred by the parish, 1
" already heavily taxed, in the way of i
expenses for jurors, witnesses, &c.,
I in criminal cases ; the expense also
to parties in civil suits, when the
f qu -fiOjnfdgehip isan contest and
, undetermined,
- talcu-ated to influence Judge ,
,Chaplin to do in the premises, tliat 1
1 whbich he think beat for our people.
, We are fully satisfed that the judge
will determine correctly tn the affair I
and decide which is legal and proper, i
Our contemporary of the Ouachita i
Telegraph, has an eye upon that pro- 1
Sposed Convention of radicals at Mon
roe, and promises to let us know all
about it when they assemble.' There
are so many seekers for the office of
SGovernor among the scalawag and
Scarpet-bag leaders, that we look for
r lively time sat their Conventions; and
Sthen the negro element hias not, it
seems, been consulted in regard. to
the matter. What sealawag and ca:
pet-baggters propose the colored radi.
cal may dispose.
We would beg to inquire how many
white 'men in this parish belong to the
radical party--their names and ante
teedents; and where the new recruits
are coming from. It is .all stuffabout
S"new mean going into such a party
Sais i represented b the tag-end here.
e The record of e~ryr radical i Natch
itoches parish is known from Mainoe to
SCalifornia; it is most damning, as
a they themselves irell know.
g Promoters, -aldedr and abettor. in,
Sthe most gigantle fauds; leaders in
J igoorance and vice, are not aptto a.
quire repectable strength from vir
tuoous people. W' knOwl that these
radicals may "fef goot ,e but we
f know also that it will aot last longer
Sthan the end of next campaign.
This paper made muog oime
weeks hsiae ot the eletIof sity of-.
Sfilais o Coi bhOlatt;.: We rselved
e oun information Ifr all ststemquem
0 tbn mide from relfabe aeslority.
I The matter is open .to.lnvestgti on,
el however, but we .ate prepared to
e prove-our pu - of it. The people'sW
tI ket mae- electad, aa we ungsrslerod,
j but never comtinastound, on iBs con
p trary, as eer dePremt et were.
, That, in itself, Is. sflieaeont easuse
upon prlncple, to "dlaior", albout.
When the law Jteatesd tht we pe en
e titled to eleci city pgverrnnantt, and
, we do sleet otbetm and the "higher
, authorities" osseklde the law .and
e appoint others, that dudse btb4 atter,
, and ail men ahh6l4 laaor--dao woris
6 jog sag ndreauy das tot an endof
the Beecher tra,, and now~ thejury
won't -gee, Let- us uaggest that
Extvt from Minutes 17th Dis- Deal
trict Court.
'VEDNESDAY, June 30, 1875. A
C('t met pursuant to adjournment. d t
Opotion of Col. D. Pierson, the Louis
S Couwadjourned until to-morrow at lamel
10 dbck, A. M., in respect to the me- died
mo of ion. A. H. Pierson, who died the
on tl3th day of May, 1875, and the tl
t foll] g resolutions were adopted geurli
and bered to be spread upon the warn
mimu, after an appropriate eulo- his d
gii~s W. H. Jack, Esq.: :loe
t reas, It has pleased an allwise A
r Pr*Ience to remove from our midst not
am e scene of his labors, our dis
tin shed brother A. H. Pierson, e1a28
Es ta member of this Bar for more tive
thl a quarter of a century, whose ive
, spldid talents and spotless life all fP
e tha new him fully recognize. caJ i
e olved, That in the death of our caso
ve ;ble brother, the liar has lost
its ighest ornament, the Conrt its tIit
SImot gifted advocate, the public a le t
.fealss defender of right and j.tstice, Dun
r socy a scholar and polished gentle
rna, whose social qualities were of ear
" tht4ghest type and his family an
o aflfionate hlusband and doting fath- and
a er, ý ate.
rlolved, That the life of our de- at
cep d brother presents an example In
\' ry of the emulation of the Iising stan
Sgeittion. His virtuous, long and lIon
bon ble career and public services
Sadotd the profession of which lie all
wee memnberand shed lustre upon calit
hs tjle, and his example is worthy man
a them lation of all those who seek prin
t hobr le distinction.
RIsot ed, That we deeply sympa- A
this w his bereaved and afflicted
Sfamily, e greatness of whose loss Alt
I, alone c be measured by the worth oft
a and go ness of the one whose death in t
they m rn.His
Reso , That as a feeble tribute
d to the story of the distinguished and
it dead I will wear the customary rai
or badge nonrning for thirty days. t
Resol i, That these resolutions
be sp at upon he minutes of the dla
't Court, t d that a copy, under the seal ted
I) of the ait, be furnished to the famin- ter
ir ly oft deceased, and that the same
be pu shed in the newspapers of bWi
ethis pin
I cert the above to be a correct vot
extract lo the minutes of Court. r
Jrxo. A. BAkLOw,
•. June ' 1875. Deputy Clerk. of
b. wh
it The ci spoodence below is a spe- I
r. cimen of e judicial capacity of Kel- wil
le logg's a poutines for this parish. or3
rt What J. Vienne, as J. P., of Ward
12, Natch hes parish, has to do with
the hands u Mr. Lambre's plantation Sg'
n in Grant lrish, we do not quite un- chi
r- derstand. nil
e Mr. Lan re hIas not interfered with
f his hands R all, as we understand, So
s and this Viqno interferance is simp- it
e ly a piece d nncalled for impudence ,i
. which shorn the folly of appointing St
ignorant men to office. Vienne had ma
t. better attend to his legal, ligitimate o
e
i, business and he will find it much tit
)f more profitable. lit
., DADA PLANTATION, Grant Parish, tin
June 23d, 1875. $
J. H. Cosgrove, Editor Vindisator:
SDear.Sir-I Jsei-e M
Peace in Natchitoehes parish. I
i would especially request that youn
it print it verbatam for the special ben- of
fit tof the State at large; that all may to
see and know what brilliant officials
' represent theim people of the parish. Ih
ir have not the honor of knowing the
. distinguished individnual, and besides
being outside of his parish and ward;
shows how much andeserved author
a ity he takes upon hiseelt I would
a- request that you keep the commnuni
. cation for ome so that in after years I
11 canrecallit as preod specimen of
days gone by.
I am, respectfally, yo.ors,
f JULES LAMBRE.
S NArClurroeaps, Jean 22 1875.
id M. J. Lambre je sos par Poidl bode ti
it et Michel Sa Caspari que vous eat a cr
lea tronble danas lear travayl lor cher- oli
oche des diflgilte sea aucoune raisoen, of
a et Il sons vamis iite me oire pour
I. avoire one satisfaction paour poavoir as
'continore lear travayet, Alorje prad or
plezire de reas fair de omader de to
lesleee trendle juqaa qiTe lear at
vy railolt soit falt et reantres partage ot
ue entrevous, solon woaas arengement Si
et asla vons vodras baueoup mnax poor to
rous tone, Sets ia raison que je vous a
t donne. s
at J. B. VIENN EJ P
SWard 12. t
- -- M
e We would beg to know wlhy it ls a
that we have no Publio School in tuis
to eity or parJh? Will some of oar
I radieal ofeflshiainform as who is ran
runing the eebool adlirs heret Moa- ri
in ey, we know, lis in the Treasury, for it
t it was drawn not long since by Myers,
Sfrom tihe tste authorities. While u
ru pon the sebool question will Sent- ci
tor () Blunt explain wjy, how, aad
when, H.l* wes' bond was a. 1
Scelled. Wee as at loss to know all
thee tbmhsgi,aud they must needs be b
mset to rights before people will place a
any confdenOd e I what radicals may
say or do bere. a
to Smale' Wim i-Since when bhavre b
. Ignorant neglroees and thieving whites, St
a, ruled the honest and respectable of '
to ouar citiseas Sihte the radieal party
a's disfranebhied enough whites to allow
, a lminority of aegroees to rale--dace
,- radical rtarning ibostyl eald over
r. come the expressed will of a people-
soI sines troops entered -Stateousess and n
it. expelled at the bayonet's point, il In
U- fairly and legally elected; ia fact, all
ad the queries under the:heading, "alnec
or wiean' of last week's Bepsbldos, have
ad been since radicals, Southern radl.
r., ala, have had the way to do as they
tbI pleased, heked, not by a majority of.
it. votslbat by tegImatsa of troops. I,
qo Caddeilihf li taasue as·estng
of fI'titsicaklD Bay to tahaintoes.
ry ghderao theri e qupetlon of Hpblger,
a sleriffbygseotfKellgg, buldarge
or by boimbs at tme i pti last lioveamjer. i1
)1i Froth raent ta leitledls Web br Is t
ikery wto be. lifead
Death of Gov. Henry M. Hyams.
From the N. 0. Pcayumme.
A standard-bearer of the ancient re- car
gimne has fallen, and the breezes that pre
to-day sweep from the fair fields of the
Louisiana are laden with sighs and I
lamentations. Gov. Henry M. Hyams we
died Friday morning at 5 o'clock, in wIt
the seventieth year of his age. A leI
gentleman of intellect, of honor and aft
sterling integrity, and a patriot whose ret
warmn heart was his shield of nobility, 1Jb
his death cannot but be sincerely de- tile
plored. cre
A brief outline of his life would
not be here inappropriate. The de- cam
ceased emigrated, as a young man, in evi
1828, from Charleston, S. C., his na- deg
tive place, in company with his kinds- fol
man, thegreat lawyer and orator, lion.
J. P. Benjamin. He was at one time cr(
cashier of the Canal Bank at Donald- fom
sonville. lie afterward studied law by
in Mr. Livermore's office, and came by
to the bar, settling in Alexandria, La. thi
lie there formed a partnership with cir
Dunbar and Elgee, who for many Le
years monopolized the law practice of th
lied River. In 1853 Mr. Hyams mov- ce
ed with his family to New Orleans, ma
and was soon elected to the State Sen
ate. le afterward became Lieuten- fel
ant Governor. ti
In politics the deceased was a b3
staunch l)emoctat. Zealous of the de
honor and dignity of his adopted fo
State of Louisiauna, he firmly opposed do
all compromise with plundering Radi- at
calism. Gov. Hyams was an honest qi
man, and he always adhered to the re
principles lie had advocated from his in
youth and to his conviction of duty. so
As a lawyer lie was learned in ju- m
risprudence, and an able practitioner. la
Although courteous to the members I
of the bar, he was sometimes strong at
in the delivery of sarcastic language. t(
His enunciation was full of animation 6
and power. He was also a close P
reader, and possessed fine literary at- mI
tainments. r
The downfall of the South-the 54
D death of his fair and accomplished 01
daughters and of two seons-the lat- ei
ter within one year-and recently the P
demise of the worthy and cherished ca
of wife of his bosom, all contributed to
break his noble spirit. He had de- p
t voted all his affection to these beings, 1,
too dear to him, and their loss, to use
Irving's phrase, was the bankruptcy 81
of his heart. This good, and true, ft
and chivalrous old man has died over
whelmed with grief!
- Roses and violets will bloom and t
wither over his grave; but the mem- c
ory of his civic virtues and sterling I
worth will be imperishable.
Ix At a meeting of the Committee of t
n Seventy held in the city of Natchito- I
- I ches at the Firemen's Hall, M. J. Can
ningham presiding, it was
h Resolved, By this Committee of I
i, Seventy representing the large major.
ity of the tax-payers of the Parish,
that the action of William P. Kellogg 1
" in the capacity of Governor of the I
ig State of Louisana in vetoing the I
id measures of relief adopted at the late 1
Ito session of the Legislature whereby
heavy penalties were remitted and
h time granted for the payment of de
linquent taxes merits our condemna
tion and as a continuation of the op
ression of Radical legislation and a
is-regard of the true interests of a
or whose impoverishment he
e conduct of acting Governor Kellogg
n in his desregard of the will of a deci
Sded majority of the voters of the city
Sof Natchitoehes exljressed at the bal
Slot box inl attempting to foist upon
them a city government not of their
e choice.
Resolved, In spite of the profes
siogs of the Radical Republicans that
r they desired reform in our State, pa
d rochial and munjcipal affairs, and that
oeffieis should be filled by men of
i capacity and integrity and Identified
of with the substantial interests of the
eommunity, these professions have
been falsified and a striking illustra
tion is afforded by the irresponsible
polic jury commissioned by Kellogg
for this Parish, and we do pretest
against this body as not posseasing
o the confidence and respect of tax-play
a era and as wanting in ability to dis
er charge the important duties required
n, of it.
or Resolved, That the recent order
ik and instructions of Auditor Clinton,
ad enforcing the penalties on delinquent
de tax-payers are oppressive and njust,
or and if persisted Io, will operate ruin
go onusly upon the poor people of the
t State, who, at this season, are unale
or to pay their taxes, bat on maturity of
as their growing cerop would willingly
settle their indebtedeoss.
Resolved, That we recommend to
the tax-payers and citizens' of the
several wards Of this Parish to keep
l alive their tax-payers associations
his and to perfect a thorough o iza
tion in tthe view of reasitinby all
lanwful means and bytheir moral in
." fluence all aggreions upon their
n- rights, and all corruptions and illegal
for itfes which may be attempted by the
official who habve been pat over them.
S Resolved, That we deprecate the
ule nscalled for organpiation of a politi
* ealcoampaiLgn at this early day and
ad desoaoe. the aesambll of the peo.
pie for parti#a aad politial purposes
I'thu far indvaneefdth election of
al18'll as being calcolated to engender
be bitterness of feeliag exeite animeosty,
e and materially interfere with the vital
agricultral iaterest. of the Parish
Sin which allealssea'sftheb population
are meeost deeply concerned.
Resolved, That these resolutions
We be pablished in the People's Vindica
e, tor, and that copies of same be for
o, warded to the Golernor and Auditor.
The most delightful rains bare
eo visited our section since 8ounday lasit,
e- cooling the heated air and refreehblig
the parching erops. In many plaes
ad no rain had falle in ever .two
Smonaths; corm is entirely lest where
all this oenrred, which, however, is oS
a but few places. Cotton is looking
ade doing finely, and we have seen
41 many bolls over half grown, broughbt
into town.
* The Demerate of Ohio have pro
Snounced in favor of more money, less
National Bank ,notes--maore green
backs. We think they will win on
that plank.
let,
ge Gov. Allen is out in a ocrd denyinga
r. lna toite that be ever offered Ofty
r I thousand troopes to President Grant
for Louisiana crusade in 10874
The Railroad Suit.
For some time the rumor has been
current that the United States Su- Be
it preme Court had materially modified repo'
if the opinion rendered by that tribunal Hill,
d in the Railroad suit, which opinion of tl1
is we published at the time and with seen
n which our readers are familiar. We orgai
A learn that the modification made, ippi,
d after the submission of briefs on a ii LI
e rehearing, consists in the change em- for t]
braced in the following amendment, says
- tie only alteration in the original de- knov
cree being shown in italics; rdi(
d The motion for re-argument In this lieve
e. case is denied. It is ordered, how- WhV
in ever, that the fifth paragraph of the Sout
,- decree be amended so as to read as for t
s- follows: pers
I "And it is further ordered and de of t
le creed that the defendants do acconut hope
I- for all money and property received orOu
w by them out of the property so sold plis
ie lby them or any of them, receciing in are
a. their accounts suck credits as tnder the the 1
th circumstances of the case, by the law of con
ly Louisiana, they are entitled to, atnd skin
of that they pay and deliver to the re- for I
v- ceiver whatever on such accounting dem
IA, may be found due from them." and
n- There will be, doubtless, some dif- Stat
n. ference of opinion between the par- rogc
ties litigant as to the amount allowed stan
a by this supplemental decree, to the joril
lie defendant, Ludeling and Associates, radi
ed for imuprovemients on the road. The bly
ed defendants claim a very large sum, I
li- about $800,000, on this score. The pon
.st question arises, Can a possessor claim let i
he re-imbursement for money expended one
jis in improvements after institution of bI
ty. suits questioning his title t As this Mim
in. matter is to be determined by the bas,
er. law of this State, we shall not hazard role
Brs much in saying that the defendants II
ing are likely to lose the cost of the bet- con
. termouents made since the "bondholders wit
ion fist brought their suit, which was ite
mse prior to the making of any improve- teno
at. ments of much magnitude on thie ap
road. We believe it is pretty well Stal
the settled that possessors In either good one
led or bad faith, when evicted, are not be
at- entitled to re-imbursement for im- thaI
the provements made after suit instituted and
led calling their title inoquestion. If this cral
to be settled, then Ladeling and Com. evel
e- pany will receive but a comparative- blot
g, ly small amount for improvements. T
Iee We submit, as part of the railroad Hill
tcy suit, the following interesting extract poll
no, from the briefof Ludelius and Asso- Ii
Wr. dtea asking for a tehearmg, with the see
Mliple comment, that the defendants, is
and by their own pleadings, are in a worse ver
Di. condition, by making a personal ap- wim
ing peal to the Court, than ever: ofi
"A deep and deliberate conviction kni
that, in the opinion pronounced in an
of this cause, the court has erred in re- the
to. gard to the principles of law and mO
4n- questions of fact involved in it, in- bli
duces the undersigned most earnest- pal
ly, but respectfully, to urge the court (
of to reconsider its conclusions. If the Hil
or- opinion pronounced is to stand, it ele
ish, will entail upon theme defendants the col
ogg most momentous conequences. The I
the decree not merely strips them of for-- co,
the tune, it brands their conductas gross- th
late ly fradulent and flagitious. In the fel
-eby instance of the defendant Ludeling, t
and it stains his name and impairs if It wl
de does not utterly destroy, his useful
ana- ness in the high office which lie now
,op- fills of Chief ustice of Louisiana. It
id a breaks up forever tihe happiness of E
of a himself and household. If results so do
t he disastrous are to be achieved throu d
logg of LouisiDana--if Ludeling Is charged
leci- with the violation of duties not im
city. posed upon him by and unknown to 01
bal- that system; if his conduct and that
ipon of his co-4efentas have been sub
;heir jected to"he test of others oand foreign
systems of lw ; if the facts In the as
fes- case have been judged from' a false di
that and unfair standpoint, and if the ver
sion of these facts, colored by com
plainant's consel, hal been too read
n of ily adopted by the court, in passing cl
ifiedupon a record so voluminouns; if, di
the through any or all of these means, in- di
have justce hes been done, the coart is
tra- implored to pase before it is too late,
sible and re-examine the case and reveree as
logg its decree. The manner in whichl the
stest opinlion of the court states the case, e
sing diseloses the fact that the law which
pay- governs it-the law ot Louisiana ham t
dim- been misrpprehendedand misapplied.' 51
ired -Ouiacl., Il egraph. tt
tr Even Morton has the "ea of good
Sfeeling to strike in oa himl. But we
asg, don't believe any more of it than is hi
mo- required to eivincoae us that Morton 4I
the is working to be nominated for Pre
le sident-all these fellows begin to be
gly lieve we are,aot half so rebelinsm ~
they were wont toay we were; hut t
I to thefunny purt to us now is, tihat we
te oe nop nethrip what their opiaion
tis; its nether inatame of virtae of
iza- necessity.
- We bhave serious fears in relatioan
their a
mgl- to the fath of the Centeanlal next
the year. About July the "bloody-shirt
hem. business will be I full blast, and the
big Phladelphia eoneern will have to
and ie Itsmall hed.
peo* ----
poes There s a lll at this amemt aon
Sof the MeYrian frotier. Ctlams is h
a still hoverinag earoad, hbaesthlsg ea.
vitl geoance als the Teas tops for ~
arlsh killing hbe raiers.
ation a . i.
ions B. C. Wauoat eth is spokenams a
iem- the next ecailatb for rbmerdrhbp
for- on the Repubtllsn tit. Wanmoth
itor Is ti l a card declining the "heor" " ]
Wealways believed bm a man of too ,
much seeme to be eaulght with tlhe i
las dlltpbl red of Loelalans. c
iThg 14th of september, 1874, and l
te the 4th of January, 1875, are enough I
e to stisfy bh that tie party wea'st
oking 8everanl eitiens of oear town are
seen patronizing the fsrmers of ear sister
ought parish, Rapides, in the prebaS of z
fine clover hay. Th9: is" eh better 1
pro than buying hay from the North, but
less notas good uas uismltaor owo . Lmt
ree our pratical planters plant clover at
In on onee, and we will aid Rapides and
other energetic parishes in faronishing I
otbers with hay. 1
ifty The health of or parish was never
irant better than now--in fact the medical !
fraternity dealare it dlatremingly so.l
The White-Man's Party.
From the Shreveport Times,
Below we give an extract from the
report of an interview with Hon. Be
Hill, of Georgia. by a correspondent
of the Vicksburg herald. It will be
seen that Mr. Hill believes that the
organization of the whites of Milms.
ppi, upo n a basis like that
in Louisiana in 1874, is the best
for the redemption of that State. c
says that policy saved Georgia; we
know it carried Louisiana again
radicalism, and, with him, we be.
lieve it will redeem Mississppi.
When the same policy is adopted in
South Carolina, there will be hope
for that State. The Vicksburtg P
pets are advoceating the olganilatoeu
of the white-man's party, adil we
hope they will continue to do so vig.
orously. But if they hope to aeom.
plish anything, they must force whlat
are known as moderate men oat of
the leadership, and even out of the
councils of the party; men with
skimmed-milk politics will not do
for this sort of a movement. Drop
democracy, fusionist, conservatim,
and organize the white people of the
State as a party against the party of
rogues and swindlers, and, notwith.
standing her considerable negro ma.
jority, Mississippi will give an aLti
radical majority of five or six, proba
bly of ten thousand, votes.
Here is what the Herald's corres
pondeunt says of Mr. Hill's views, ad
let it be remembered that Mr. Mill is
one of the ablest men in the Sou5:
Mr. Hill expressed great hopes that
Mississippi would be able, at Georga
has, to redeem herself from radual
rule.
He said he looked forward to the
coming fall election in Mississippi,
with-an interest that did not ceada
itself to that election, but that e-.
tended to the influence it weald have
upon elections in othe Southern
States. He was hopeful that every
one of the seceded States would smn
be rid of the corrupt gSevermms
that have retarded ther prserlV
and was condent that aeder dste
cratio and honest addatiseratimns
every one of them would bloom and
blossom with prosperity.
The correspon t d en at .r.
Hill if he favored the "color line
policy," to which be replied:
It saved Georgia, sir, and I can't
see what other hope there is for Mis
sissippi. The negroes have from the
very first voted solidly together;
what kind of men they lave lt in
office you know, and everybodelse
knows. We mast unite the whites
and have a change; and by unitiag
the whites I do not mean that we
j most unite the whites against the
- blacks as blacks, but as, in this State,
party against party.
t Correspondent-Yoea remeber, Mr.
o Hill, that Vicksburg, in her city
t election last summer, adopted the
a color line policy, and won the day.
B Mr. Hill--Ye, anad if Viebbsrg
could win, your State can. It ei I
think, all in yeaour own bands, and a -s
Sfeat will be argeabb to a watef
Sthe proper action pn the part of the
It white people.
a Heavy storms of wind end rain In
England and France, arusing lt
m damage to life and property. Is aIr
Sdon slone, Ave hundred peass wetr
i- The aIltarad Committee 0(5i9
l Orleass has med a eluelar lItbr
t alling for bsriptIons to the m d
Sfrom New Orlems to Texas via hisa
ae andria and Manaeld. It hashem
Sdetermined at once to begla the ..
', struetion of the read, sad if litiSealy
n sutaned by the businemss ma of th
g eity, will be completed to its plac o
Sdestintln ia mone ar. Woelae m
" doubt that the parlsiesalog tip
posed line will subesribe as Ilh
m as their means will allow.
s All it requires is for reepta
Scitisens from our city of New Ouadm
to come among the people ai *
. gltato the question and we amea
that rome means an be ralsd-t.
keep alag the work.
341 -
e We hear of numeroas fihMng
is hunting parties geting ready or li
a 4th July.
SAttention i called to the lpoes
, ingp of the meting .t tebp! ail
Sthe Resolutions of respect pamstbl
, themb, expressive of their condelme
uoponthe death of the Bo. A. I3
of Pier.
We undustamd, that ater the fist
sint. the daly mail roete iaem New
Orleans to Shveport, will be die,
continued. We negi~ et this ald
aIngy, ad trust that pper tpe
will at eas be take to eoatsi '
as a daily ruete, for some ether ris
State Is of mere impertme.a Oe
ma emmawy, hem a.m.
Ias L wdatt to the Psimer GaO
.l la r ala tieto the amtr, al
hopes to be ahe tom e a aNUmedl
matee of this matter ad" thai
maes will iesmt a aily, mbstIt'
asP.
P Tweed, thae notoims New -Yk
h politician and thie4 has bee rl
r*" kom Me pealtentiary by an orb'
0 fome ethe Supreme Conr Is 53.
he however, be re-arreste sad tried fa
O5* other crmes ot thet eharged aml
ad himn. Who does not agree rwith Spm
'r eer UMt all law books ebeould net b
*'t burned ad ill lawyes teed to mI
diest
re Yellow fever has appeared at
ter West, Florida, and has bees pro
of nounced epidemic by the pet srfs
tar U. 8.A.
t Our country exchanges apea
in favorable terms of the oaudi
ad tion of the growing crop, au a
lg good yield ot both, om and elt
ton, is predicted.
rer City remarkably quiet, not ever
a m af at ght to relieve the dllml s
o. of the Mayor'secourt