RADICAL REFORM.
How the Republican Party Re
wa.rd; Its Rascals.
Washin-fton Special to Chicago Timesa
James Afkins, e, nfirmed some days
since as Collector of the Port of 8 tI
v:un;rtl, Ga., wis appointed Collector
,f Internal Revenue in 1t305, and uip
to 1871 contiintedl in tlht positionll
In the last namned year ,he wab found
t, bie a defaulter to the Government
in the soau of $14,000, which lie said
hail been stolen from him by some
deputy collectors whom he had ap
pointedl in order to please his friend,
Mr. Delano, while Commissioner of
Internal ,Revenue. However, this
state of affairs did not dampen his
ardor or aspirations for office or pro
motion. In the year 1it2 Atkins was
a successful applicant for the ofice of
Collector of the Port of Savannah,
teorgia. It transpired soon after
this event that lie was a defaulter in
tihe sum of $31,000, including the.
$14,000 taken by Delano's deputies.
lie recently got a bill through Con
gress relieving him of the $14,000 by
nainlog it, "ait bill to correct an er
ror in enrollment," when in fact this
was not trune, as the bill had never
passed both houses of the previous
Congress as alleged. This relief from
thIe $14,000 defalention leavea him
still a defaulnter in the sum of $17,000,
and yet he finds no difficulty in get
ting confirmed as. Collector of the
Port of Savannah. But the exllhna.
lion of this gives an insight into the
manner in which the recent candi
dates for Presidential honors *the
Cincinnati Convention were govern
ed. Early in January of this year
Atkins came to Washington as a
strong Bristow mana, and did not sern
ple to promise the frienlds of this
gentleman that the Georgia delega
tion should be carried solid, for riklt
tow. After he was renominated for
the Collectorship, and his confinrm
lion was not made promptly, he went
to Senator Morton and promised that
le would see that the Georgia dele
gation to Cincinnati went solid for
him. Still impatient at the delay of
Iis connnfrmation, lie went to Conk
ling, to whom he promised the solid
Georgia delegation. The Blaine men,
however defeated him, and at the
coiveation Atkins voted for Conk
ling, and s1 again Collector at the
Port of Savannah. This is glowing
evidence of the great reform moaugn.
rated by the Republican party.
Sittaing Bull, the Sioux Indian
Gne , ti said to be fully able
and prepared to meet the troops
sent 'gipnst him; and what is
more, the feeling in official circles
a notu one ofsatigninenss--success
is not assured, to judge from the
tone-gf their dispatches, and we
may expect at any time to learn
fpft Arook and Terry's Utter de
.8o mnch for the Administration
that' would rather station troops
through the South to carry elec
tions:for' thieving Radicals, than
avenge thie slaughter of the gal
ladtosuatar and his band, or pro
tede thel white settlers of our
plalns.'
r;iint idamned as Ibarbarian,
wi tofeeling or respect
Jln 1860 ;t!e number of public
gficer| in' the State were 2109G.
Theria now in the Itate 4280.
Thus it will be pereeived that the
1Sdica~l% Iayq creged by stotute
two itowsaPuI- and twelve isew off
cirals ines they have been in pow
& iithij is, not al; there are
e qu~h Doeputiesi. Clerks, Corn-,
as~alones of election, &c., to
a lnituber fh Louisians
maM  .to probably ton
fb0 eeeen tla& the Federal
Iselitok the Radicals has been
*i~~O4 ~ow&ie in Lnrisiana.
- Graea t went into ofice the
tltbibier oI efloa iale was 57,6005,
Af0 cir smeaty double.
saPwet acurate -estimate of the
dil~bf ia~ u ah the Federal,
feipl ibGtoernmenta
4 the; whale population
. .4*A d Thi and old
"tru-te 01dfe t
*~ ~0oveatozler'
qOOM~j~
1lw teao lvie
MARTIN & SMITHE
-STEE A MI
SAW MILL;
Six miles soutth of the city of Natchitoches
PRICE:
At the mill, per M. ....... $5.00 to $10.00 -
Delivered hr town, per M., .........14.00 1
W'E TAKE pleasure in inform ing the
V public that we ar prepared to take
CONTRACTS to build cabins, furnishing
therefor, lnmber, material and labor, at,
very low rates.
BOX COTTAGE,
with gallery, 14x18 feet, complete, shin.
gled roof. put up for $125.00) ti
BOX COTTAGE, 12x1l feet, with gal
lery, complete, put up for $10t .
Planters and others will find it to their
interest to give is a calls
Orders left at this ollice nor with Louis
Dupleix, will mneet with prompt atten
tion. t
j' Orders left with Mr. E. Smith, at
Willis Holmes' will meet with prompt
attention. ds4.
MARTIN & SMITII.
April 10- ly.
Lfi Get your printing done at c
the VINDicATO3 Job Office. 1i
WILD OATS.
PROSPECTUS FOR 187i.
Chalmpion A merican Comic Paper ! ti
I
Illustrated by a corps ofthe best Ameri
can artists, and contributed to by the Y
most popular humorists and satirists of f
the day.
Wild Oats now enters seuccessfully up
on the sixth year of its existence, and i
has beemmne the established humorous and
satirical paper of the country. It was
started and continued the first year as a
monthly, then, to satisfy the demand of
the pnblic, it was chiangled to a fortnight.
ly. Still continuing ts gooal work of a
hitting folly as it flies, and showing np I
the political and social shamus by its C
masterly cartoons and pungent editorials,
it achieved even greater success than
before, and was recognized as the ablest 1
and brightest of itsclass. Since then we
have yielded still further to the public I
demand, and now publish Wild Oats E
weekly I It bas literally grown into its a
present shape on its intrinsic merits, be
Img the first successful weekly humorons t
papetevertpublished in this country. t
Among the artists especially engaged
to furnish illustrations for Wild Oats are I
Frank Bellew, Thomas Worth Hopkins,
Wales, Shelton, Wolf, Jump, Keettels, I
Stuekhardt, Day, Poland, and several t
others who are yet known to fame.
In its literary departments Wild Oats I
will, as it always has, stand alone and 1
unapproachable. At least one first-class
serial story will always be found in its I
pages, by the best humorous, satirical, I
and character writers in the United
States; while its sketches and squibs l
will be sparkling original and pointed. 1
Wild Oa-ts will be first-class in every
particular, and on this account may be
taken into the best families without fear
or suspicion, as no word or illustration
will appear that can offend the aoet fas
tidious.
i' bend for a Sample Copy and
ICoavEce Yourselree.
SUBISCHIPTION PRICE:
One Year...................... 00
Six Months................ .2 00
Three Months.................... 1 00
Single Copie........ .......... 10
Any person sending us a club of five
subscribers fhr one year will receive a
copy gratils.
Address,
COLLIS & ISMALL.
Publishers, 113 Fulton Street, N. Y.
EVERY LADY SHOULD TAKE IT,
B PeTiSON'S IAGAZINe,
I THE C-IAPE1T ANID BEST IN
TRE WORLD.
Postage tPr-Paid on all S&bscriptioas.
This popular Monthly Magazine gives
more for the imoney titan any in the
Sworld., For 1.76, it wiLl be greatly im
p rved. It will ealtaidon 0e Thousand
ag. Fourteen Splendmi Steel Pl'fates,
Twelve Coblored Berlin P'itter!s, Twelve
Mamlmoth Colored Pasibidons, Nie Hun.
Sdred Wood Clt., Twentfy.Fear Pages of
Music. All this will be given for only
Two Dollls a yest, postage prepaid by
Sthepniblisher, or a dollar less than Mag
i asines of the class f "Petersou." Its
| TRILL1NG TALES AND NOV.
I Are the best published anywleae. All
the most popular wsiters are employed
to ,rite origilly "lbeteen. u l 1u87.i,
i aadditioi to tle nem iantihy of short
stori Five Otriginal opyright Novel
etts w i be gven, by Mrse An 8. Ste
phb' a Iu'a e &Benedict, Jane G. AUAse
in Marietta Holley and Daisy VentoFr.
MAMMbTiH COLORED.' FAShION
PLATES
SAheado of aothaez 1hese pfate. are
engraMvel waeek .'iWfee the U1 sia l se,
and are ~nle led for beauty. They
will be sapebly colored. Aso House
hdld andetloer reeiyta; in eltot, every
, tthiug interesting to audies.
'SUPEB PWRIUM MNG3AVING!
T ofipsaestiu u p .eiilter of
u It inh gctate a 18 Allbe sent
r oni~ ,est didi
FPs'iia lt hateniew wit
rel4atg as will be
m eixta e .-of Maimiae
bones.tlec ,ea
S .
jl-
superb mezzotint. "Weashinton's FEirst
interview With his Wife,' to the per
sou getting up the Club.
Address, post-paid.
CHIARLES J. PETERSON,
306 Chiesnut street, Pa,
' Specimens sent gratis if written
for.
THE BEST PAPER. TRY IT.
POSTAGE FREE.
B . ,tifh ily Illustrated.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN now in
its :(3th year, enjoys the widest circula
tion of any weekly newspaper of the kind
in the world. A new volume eommeunces
January 4,1875.
Its contents embrace the latest and most
interesting intif.ri alion pertaining to the
Induiisttlirh, MechanicIl, and Scientitic Pro.
gress of the World; I) scriptions, with
Beau ti! Il Eng: .vings,of 'New Inventions,
New Processes, and Imnprloved Industries
(of all kinds; I'seful Nt,teu, Recip)es; Sng
gestions and Advice, by PIractieal % riters,
tr Workmen and Employers in all the
various arts.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERIICAN is the
cheapest and best illustrated weekly pa
per published. Every iinumber contains
fi'tol 10 to 15 original engravinlgs of new
machinlerv and novel inventionls.
ENGIAVI 'GS, illustrating Improve
nlents, Discoveries, and Important Works,
pertaining to Civil and Mechanica! Engi
neering, Milling, Mining and Met.allurgy;
Recorls of the latest progress in the Ap
plication.l of Steam, Steam Engineerilg,
Railways. Ship Building, Navigation.
Telegraphy, Telegraph Engineering, Elec
tricity, Magnetism, Light and Heat.
FARMERS, Mlchanics, Eigineers,
Inventors, Manufac:tnrerTs. Chemists, Lov
ers of Science, Teachers, Clergy meln, Law
yers, and People of all Professions, will
find the ScllNTIFIC AlMERICAN useful to
them. It should have a place in every
Family, Library, Study, office and Count
ing Room; in every Ieading Room,
College, Academy or School.
A year's numbers contain 8'2 pages and
SEVEHRAL HLuTDIED ExONVIs Thoun
sands of volumes are perserved for bind
ing and'reference. The practical receipts
are well worth ten times the nbscrIiption
price. Terms $3 20 a year by mail, in
cluding postage. Disc mint to Clubs Spe
cimens sent free. May be had of all News
Dealers.
PATENTS Ihn colnectiorwith
PATE te S E cr `'f r PIC
AMERICAN, Messrs. MuhNN & Co. are
Solictors of American and Foreign Patents,
and have the largest esthlishment in the
world More than flift thousand appliea2
tions have been made for patents through
their agency.
Patents are obtained on the hest terms
Models of New inventions and sketches
examined anud advice free. A special
notice is made In the Scientific American
of all InventLmos Patented through this
Agency, with the name and resident. of
the Patentee. Patents are often sold in
part or whole, to persons attracted to the
invention by such notice. Send for
Pamphlet, 110 pages, laws and full di
rections for obtaining Patents.
Address for the Paper, or concerning
Patents, MussN & Co., 37 Park Row
N. Y. Dtch Office, cor. F a:l 7th 8ts.
Washinton, D C.
Jany 11875.-1v
•JOU RNAL OF
AGRICULTURE A8D FARIER.
A Weekly for Farm, Or
chard and Family Circle.
The Weekly Journal and Farmer is a
consolidation of the rMoothly Journal. of
Agriculture and the Weekly Missouri
Farmer, is now the greaontest leading popu
lar Farm and Fireside. paper of the
Southwest.
Its departments are complete and ably
edited. The Grango is a leading feature,
and this dejiartment is always full of
good things contrib'ted hy th.e llemnbers
of the Order. The ladies are heard
through the columnis devoted to their in-'
terests, and itany hints of houschold
utility und gbw mlavice can hbe gleaned
by these, who wish to becmne ornamnuents
in their homes and by their firesides.
All classhme will be instieatod hv reading
the Jotmnal of Agrieniture and Parmner,.
and no family should be without it. Its
MAIRKET IEPOR'TS
are eomplete, autheatic and reliable, and
the paper is wortl the subscription price
alone to get its markets, Tresh and relia
ble every week.
Send for it 1i it ! Tlke its ad
, vice, atid it will pay you.
Mew ansul women, boys and girls, old
I and yonl g, give the Journal of Agrienl
ture atd Fanter a trial for one year,
and See if yogui have not made a good in
vestment. It is a large 8 page,.48 clumnl
rweekly Agricultural, Grage mand amini
ly Newspaper, and is freefr ron political
and religious disenesions, and its chastei
hlnd well written lpagn makes it a wel
comb visrit h thosiisands of homeholds
in the g~eat dMississippi Valley.
' Ofb agents wanted, to w~homi W6eral
terms will be given. YWe wanit agents
in every town satl vllaYg.
' Send for lspeeitu opjiy free, ani we
I ask that ySoa send ies the nanmes of your
Sfriends1 sir hsa we may sOUnd thea spe
cimen co)ies.
8ubscription price, 1.0 per annm;
clubs of or ramre, 1.50 rash. Postage,
15 ,eents fiast .le sent iWith each tame,
as we prepay .verj paper sent (te,
"' W . .orth .st Street,
. . Lousil, Mo.,
WHIT AEWA T4R AOO
1,." `"~
WE WANT AN AGENT IN
EVERY OOUNTY
-IN THEP
UNITED STATES I
----on1)i--- t
Gold Coin! $1,000.00 in Gold !
-0-o--- fi
Xc" We Challenge the World,i
And will forfeit $1,000 to any person who can produce a remedy which will prove
by actual test, a nore speedy certain and ettectual cure for all Pains and Aches of
whatever fotnr, external and Internal, acute or chronic, deep-seated or otherwise
than
Dr. Radolit's Great Remedy,
Seven Seals or Golden WONDER
We have had this challenge of $1,000 prominently displayed in all our Circulars
and Newspaper Advertisetnents, for the last four years, and not taken, which o
shows the superior excellence of our Remedy over all other. For External or In
ternal use. C
It will Effect a Speedy Cure in all Cases of
Headache, Neuralgia, Toothache, Sprains, Bruises.
Flesh Wounds, Burns, Colic, Cramp, Cholera
Morbus, Flux, Diarrhoea, Bronchitis. Catarrh,
coughs, colds, Inflammatory Rheuma
tism, Asthma, Phthisic, Heartburn, '
Indigestion, Summer complaint, I
Pains in Side, Back or Loins, _
Piles, Ringworm, Felons,
Stings of Insects, Bites of
Venomous Serpents,
and Especially Ru
matism.
A POWERFUL REMEDY Which is taken Internally by ANY ONE.
This celebrated medicine is beyond a doubt the greatest discovery in Medi.
cal Science known to the world. Its action is at once felt; its wonder
ful cures are instaintaneous; in fact it literally demolishes pain.
---o
EQUALLY GOOD FOR MAN OR BEAST.
00- t
REIMEMBER WE GUARANTEE EVERY BOTTLE. .
No Cure, No Pay !
Try it, and be Convinced.
ter..-
2 SOURCE OF HAPPINESS TO MILLIONS OF StUFt'EIING HUMANITY. A
During the past four years the wonderful success of this Great Remedy has far e
s exceeded our most sanguine expectations; thousatds have been eared, and thou. C
a sands hate found out from actual experience that Dr. Eadelliffs Great Remedy,
I Seven Seals or Golden Wonder, is the Most Wonderful Pain Destroyer in Existence, r
I the Most E.pfedious, Safe and powerful Remedy known in the World. Cures are
Seffected almost Instantly, as if by Ma .e. Thousands of certificates have been re
f ceived from all parts of our broad hand, mnsolicited and unasked for. speaking in a
I heartftielt and universal praise of this Great Itemedy. front perstonal knowledge of I
e its almost miraculons powers in curing the most obstinate 'and protracted cases of r
r Diseases.
S $1,000 Profit in Vour Months ! 1,872 One Dollar Bottles Sold !
-READ THIS :
Scott Town, Lawrence County, Ohio. I
Messrs. KENNEDY & CIL.-Dear Sirs: At this late hour I will inform you of the
great benelit I received frfti the use of Dr. Radcliffs Great Remedy, Seven Seals
or Golden Wonder, after being cmonined to my bed for eight years with a complica
tion of diseases,cvis: Dyspepsia. Bronchitis, PIalpit;ation of the Heart, Pain in the I
Right Side; with General Debility, for which I tried the skill ..f our house physi- I
cianis, also a doctor of New York City, and two of Pittsbinrgh, amnt one in the
northern part of Ohio. 'rook enough patent nmedicines to swim it--all to no pur
pose. At length I was induced to try Ir. R:edclitr% even Seals or Golden Wnudler.
- I sent and got six fifty cent bottles, and before using it all found myself able to
travel in a buggy. lSTook the ag:ency for iCt. sile last April, four months ago, and
have sold thirteen gross, or 1,872 bottlee, up to this date, A guzst aO20t)l 187", and
expect from the growing demand to sell ten thontnual (10,0)1) bettlew in the next
year. Geontlemen, if you think, this worth using yot can do su, as I am generally
Sknown over three counties as a nmai of great altictfdn.
, Yours Respectfully, O . Jo DARLING.
A RIEMLDY FOR HARD TIMES, TRY IT.
FOR THIS GREAT REMEDY WE WISH YOU IO+ ACT AS OUR AGhT.
y--oo----s
Dear Sir:-The shove fully explains the articles we wirk to sell. This business
f is honorable, and by beimg energetic, will pay youm well. It is our desire to ap
poiilt an agent in every county in all parts of thel United St~ates and Canada, grant
, nmig to each the exclusive, right to sell every bottle sold in the c~anuuty. Should you
accpt the agency for one or more conities, you shall- have the exclusive right to
( sell every bottle sold in your county, as long as you coutinue. to act as our agent,
rl and all orders which we may aeceive from your territory shall be turned over to
a your account.
. This Wonderful Ro:eldy, Seven Seals m Golden Wonder, sells rapidly in the
g hands of the right kiid of men, sal we w\aut none other. Now if you think you i
r, are the me for the work, forward your order, name youer county, and go' to work;
S you can sell a g~ose in a few days, without a doubt. We have one iila who buys I
on an average three gross per week, and his orders are tneressi ralpidly and ire
has a smnall county, (Ierks Co., Pa.) Hle write tlntt Ie expects to sell one gts I
a per day, at retail, the emaing season, not counting wholesale. Yot have the priv
e ilege of selling wholeesle or retail, or puttiig it on commission with druggists,. or
Sselling by vsubeagets. This business is worth the attention of goodl men and men
of cap5tal. Should you make but reasonable wages-say $100 per month for the
first three months (many make moreryou would nevertheless be establishing a
business that woald pay ynou largely in the eid.
Agents are doing better with our Remedy than anytlinig else they ever took
hold of, ~ay is this ! Becase thie Remnedy doles just as we say, and our agents
d can warrant every Ibottle. No etre, no pay. Kiowing that we make all losses
good, should they be clled on to redteem a bottle, agents rum rw risk of lose.
8orSeve Seals or Gldenu WoTlnder is put np in gl,Odi and 30 ceit botties, elegantly
nflielbd in neat and ~ ppreopriate wrappers and packed hi nice boxes, one dozen in
n each box.
To druggist~sdfr seale of prices are-Large slse, ,10 bsttlef per dosea, $5.00
Sem;all s"ze. 5f cent bottles, per doser, $4.JM4'_
We give special terms toosr Coaunty Agent at seNh igares thalt thy ea sell
. to dn4rggist~sa sd oentry stores at thre above prie and make a hanideome profit.
: We also give an
SWEstra Premium to Agents !
fl order tlhave live, energetic ulc ta take hold of the business aof once, we
have coneluded to1ive tee grasis to eiel~t asld every agent a preselt of a handsome,
fine
CilOn Silver Bunting WPatnc, F~ree~ ,
Beautifmidy engraved, and correct time-keeper, oetth $20,0,and a certiteste of
;agen ivingSOLE CONTRIOL of stsh e'emty as the agent miay select (ioiral
, ready taen); arid, furthermore, At orders enung fr nsuch counties as the agent
may selest~ w- sent bas byeas taet agent te bie ftljdmtn fact we give sole
contr of seellk catiemlalotg as the agent continues ilnthe business. Remember,
the Preiinm Watch ii gven grhstist to im agents, We take this plan to have our
Great Hlmealy qiiekily and thorousghly introdunceee. Let us hear from you at your
earliest coireuience, andseense your county at once, before being taken by soime
one eIe. Semeaober, this oiler iS open for a short time only.
--oo
' A b&sal1 Capital Required to Run a Ladye .P ging Busiaesa.
- The eapital reuired is very small, and the proet from It will fully eolpl that of
thousands of merchants who have ~ ivte4d6 a leps capital i5n helr business. Hun
dreds in all parts of the eoti y w me maksig fromn $1.50I TO $5,000 A YbTAR.
And hundreds more willdate their success from aeeap fg.ow lilseral ofer at this
time. Any one willing to worli !t snecess en ftwee Itzb l. . whie believe that
it can lie biut froin ialeiness are not, the kind of nma we want to psht eor business.
We want
.A L.IV &VRERiOaTIO AGENT.
As orie sgleiier worUha dgem, who ezpeet a bskhet to paus itsest W shats spent
Sin pushiig. owbushee ONE NHFTIIREI TMHU8a it DOLLARS.
S It ha p-_dtns todo it, and it pays or tns,.~.s it mlverties it tMouroragly i
tvery tater,Couna y and Townsri t.-he .ited .8ates.--u*e only r us, buit for
the Agn Remeamber, tih.l bltl. hOuseltau3 tlit ever. yr It'grows larger
We will 1se t1o p4 ties r oqemplstiug to'sct as-ear agna SAMPLE. DOZEN
OT'f eseue p, a cked with o .rdiAerentPoute.~, ll; Sho Caish,, Terms, et.,
lUPON TIE IEUrEr Or $..50. And tall sndg .50 for uSmple Dozen, we
w e fee of charge. Samples of our EIght Eliegant Chr..e.s, entitled:
o . t  . , .%,.r % pgt. Id, he C+IAu !r M6I . fe . ,Ieo t
.f goe .our . n ot k as cr eoar et,..th territory may
bone+ , iP ge u ota4 to Ihve parlile who *nteue.m ta hLg an sgen
w ae moerih yea;. 'We do e , plu to
..... o llctkw teblaisis. al ed, a dm eIaI slre rmae
-I ~
E I p ,Q ?WW-u u:a U.
S... 11 .. .a tatela wat $ ~$bu sa dvettim .. . e
-. "".+ .. ,· "". "
VICK'S
FLORAL GUIDE
For iDa e6,
PUBtIS. Et1 QUARTERLY. JANVUA
ry Number just issued, and contains
over 100 Pages, 50 Engraving, descrip- .
tions of more than 500 of our best Flow
era and VegetableI, with directioins for cul-i
ture, Colored Plate, etc. Tlhe most use
ful and elegant Work of the kind in the '
world. Only '25 cents for the year. Pub- ý
lished in English and German.
Address, JAMES VICK, er
Jan. 10-ly. Rochester, N. Y. g
lit
ALL PAPERS QUOTE FOl IT! el)]
'1 ' I l c c
Detroit Free Press.
ithe liveliest of family newspapers. full '
of interesting news, literature, humorous to
sketches, spicy paragraph, etc. Sample
Copies free. Subscription $2 00 a year, ,
post-paid. Addres tl
DETROIT FIEEE PRESS. c
Detroit, Mich. tb
at
NEW YORK TRIBUNE I ,
The Leading Ametican Newspaper. re
THE IIEM'I ADVERTIILNG MEDIUM. i
Daily, $10.00 a year; Semi-Weekly, o
$3.00; Weekly, 2.00 cl
POSTAGE FREE TO THE SUBSCI- el
BER. st
Specimen copies and advertising rates m
free. Weekly, in clubs of 30 or more,
only f1.00, ~ostage paid. Address IP
THE TRIBUNE, A
New York. ea
ARTHUR'S ILLUSTRATED 'c
HOME MAGAZINE
FOR 1876.
Bright, clheerltl, progressive, alrNrsy np
to .W advancIug thought of the tuimes.
ThoneIoe Magazine takee rank with the
leading and most inflnenttlll petiodicals
of the day. It is on the side of temper
ance and true chlisti tn morality. What
ever is hnrtifnl it condemns without
fear or favotr and makes itself felt in the
homes of the people as a power for good.
The Great Household Magazine of
America, is more thoroughly identified
with the people in their home and so
cial life than any other periodical in the
country.
"Deborah Norman; her work amu lher
reward." A new serial story by T. S.
Arthur will be conunenced in Jantuary.
"FIFTY YEARS AGO; or the cabins
º of the West," by Rosella Ricer We an
nounce this new series of articles with
real p:easnre, knowing as we do that it
will be among the most attractive that
we slll utffet offr readers next year.
Miss Rice, besides holding the pen of a
ready writer has iu her pl)ossession a large
amnmut of origitnal material fromn which
to drawi and a wide acquaintance with
people whose personal reminiscence are
rich with pioneer incidents and experi
enees.
"lomaeafor the People," a series of ad
3mnirably suggestive articles on homues and
how to make them jpleasnut and attrac
tive, by Mrs E. I. Duffey.
"TiJ3 Story Teller." This dlepartment
will .re unusually rich. Besides an
abundance of short stories, two or three
Sseai:il will be given during the year.
"1 Pipsissiway" I'otts tlhe iimlitable de
t hlneator of hItme life anld character, will
Shave an arti le in every unuuJsr.
Butterick's Inewest ipatters for ladies'
and childrens' d ldressce are given by epe
ci.l arr.mngetuent t every unonth.
The Mothers' Dcparimenit will be care
fully edited and have suggestive articles
from our best and Miost experienced wri
ters.
The liousekeeyers1 Department will be
fll land practiCle, and contain many eon
tributions front experienced hsneekeep
'The ".ion in Love' and "The Interrup
ted Rea4et' two large and splendid pro
mium engravings. One of these Is sent
free to every subscriber.
$2 50 a year is the price of ARTHUR'8
e ILLUSTRATED UIOME MAGAZINE.
; in clubc 3 coples for $6; 6 and one ex
a tra to the getttbr up of the lub $19. 10
Sand one extra $20. LY 15 cetnts must
a be added to each esuleciptiontt for pre
- payment of postage for the year. Spe
r cinen numbers 15 cents, jin acurrency or
poestage s~tatips.
T. B. ARTFII! & SON,
P " hiladelphis, Pa.
WILLiAM8s' OWER a REAPER
,- BUEI'LZ BhIlGE & CO.,
a 13 South Nainstrest, LLou i~e
EYERY FARlER HI8I OWN ILLED
CHALLEN.E- FED MILLS
IELRlllf10 G6RINDER
Ei m i l r'
t ~eIsg.e o a nd Cob Millu
N tS asg laswer., Bw . i-td
.!E Sd'8Qf PAENT
Me yL1-~Cd-Ai C h~d?" i . ~l~'
'-~awjkerS a~ ri C~i Ame~
bilks mq uIaWIsn pinW bl
5SpgE~hW, 4 r'~--- Ll' l~rYllJI
.wgmg.m uer
WHY YOU SHOUDI. TAKE
THE CINCINNATI ENQUIRERl
It ik the Peopk%'s plpei, dlvttl
theii' ilterests and welfnr. to
It is an iu"aartiaut frienad to all AIeInal
measurest thl heneftit the country.
It is the enemy of all men aud el.
uiea that seek only pe:rional -aina at
.exlense of the ,'oun·trvys welfare.
Its editorial ciunuataae are for the eipc
cial purpose of ex hri_, the frai,-d "
govtiiieaalt otli mis. :itt laws cue
ip hiugitfage calculated to deceive tuhe V
derstanding; and make plaiu to it u ad
ers I1I tiiotiVe~, eanlse u a:nd efficts
general andil specal Igiilative acts.
Its neOws coilalllh contajin the iLelt
news andt iitelligeiae tllhat can he o ibtaj
ed froIm the four qularters of the 9ial
by means iofth the telegraph, moaiij
cornrspoldetice:
Its agricultural ctoaline i are the bll
adapted to the wanlltis of filrarrr, all
whom are iunited to tgie their eiýri
ence and repults of new ideas ageve
peti thents of all kinds of itprovett
calculated tb advance the farming i
terests,
One isnse of the} Enquirer oltaait
imore solid information and intelligef.,
thant can be had from fifty of the al -
ed llterary papers. Nonae cn lay all~
the Enquirer withoutt admittinlg a vai.
able addition to his or her stick ofklr lO
edge;
-is iiiiist eports have for yearS -
ackuowledgea Mit the I ,aa4t cotmplete.I
oreliable published, and bf great val te
§tock Dealers, Producers auO Trai.
men generally.
It has ,pa tutents and reading fu t"
old and the yotltng. ,Dr the familyi:
cle anid the euntuaitrg ionise-P'or'th ie
chale t and mechanic-For the fisu aid
stock dealer, and for ladies saud ~eal S
men of every calling and statli TIt lily;
Its terms are low as any fiiAt ebl
per can be printed fot, and the q:
and quantity of reatiang matter used
excelled byv a other paper.
Try it for t o is year. A Chronmoi
every $2.00 Sulscriber. Send your elb
scription direct to the office.
Re R. R.
RADWAY'S READY RIIEF
Cmel s we s@r ains.A.
in from One to Twenty Minuge,
NOT ONE HOUR
asrresdeaaeleedroIllsehst Moalee,.
BUFFER WITV PAIN. -.
RADWATl BREADY mRR.IR IN A (73 ilFl
I KYMT PAIN.
It wethe Sflitad tl
The Oil7 Pain Remz
ILuoau.,w ... aid Cehrawiis. i w
easspplicNtior. aowers. a g.asesseng
Ix ruoM OlE TOw3!Tr Nrruta,
ao mase how violeIt or aeCaeiaimag as ii
RIIBUMATIC.R obriddas. Iaam. terppes. lr4
rasLer w prostratd thf de:bu mly,, .,..
RADWAY'i READY REJil
,m wasIioA x o RVn 5rnL.G.r
INFLAMUATION O M BOWL S
COINVO1031 or wa
IOU3 T3 r OAT iIFFIOUL? 0¥A , aii
PALPITATfII(F OF lEE
$1I5RBICB, CROUP, DIPFITKIA.
ClT.Hur, a -llrSE
NIADACIE, CooTraAC W3. 135
IXURALOIA, lIWAm
COLD CHILLS, AouM CHILlS.
aheappliulcaioaottbe Ra.l ldh f_!e
Iss wnherolbspslpotor dficutty eiaaiW
am Co01orl
Twenty dredopgRatumbler of wawue j
HLAITBURN, SIl li LADACIIK, DIAIRRn,
DYaSNTgY hiOLIC Wist x i i IWI0Alt ,
adal I 'TERNIAL PA NS.
TIeloiers aiwuld lIw.s ~ara a beaI*
war's Ready Rele' wiih tllu. ALLII
Wair will ttrcM eii oar por twoll ftino diS d
aar. I g h be I urban Eoo 1. dlyli )Z 1 ,
goalaalat.
' EIVER ANDr AGVS&
FR1R KARDAUIlRTearserniLy eMie.o s 5'r!
UaiSrlams samletistthblitiSd thi wet v h
sad A qu. st.r all e i t A"rltou,. i NI
TwulYd. W, ie 4 ocaer ?WIra M!_L1
WAY'I _ajs" q eb%.RAD .&PSml
EF. F'l estspot bopte.
HEALTHI BEAUTYIU
tatiOAND Ailr itu lOl1-I .
OFFEatlll ANI WEIRThLL3ARI Al
BUAUTIIULVooxLWOleNtPeDl3M&,
DR. RADWAY'S
Slprrillia Beld
ilMi CREAT BLooD PURFlh
S UICKEr, APII ARN TIR Ctll i
TRULY WDBilk'
j Day a rln'li
nt Veight isllSes ia Jd
leaotdir.wdse,
gr u aw aIMtS Es
ori s
&A3SAPARIL Vtl
aid " e - " "ssaes
k4sEteaue o tasre
--m.
, iPlltrr useh i ll :
tsseale si
see ·dJT oIrn
laUf·c~crr __,
so a...Men n habmtara*B