Jar4p :. U.rrt:: . d,
N: TC1-'II'IIO V - C'1--S -St
?oAT1'flJ)Y - - Ocltowr 7, JW7s;.
Democratic Ticket.
FODR 1'Rlr$uDEESTT
5hUU3L S TZLD3N,
OF NIEW YOR1K.
mR TrFP~li114MY T,
SIM. A. ZUNDZcpIs,
OF INmDANA.
YOU r oVXIENC, ,
ruAaCIs T. NICIIO.LPd , 1
Or AMUNP3119 IIfW.
Yin, L1EUL¶Ar c~OVRaroW, 1
OU)IS A. WILT',
Or ORI.KA1A.
`03 ArTTORNEY G;KYKtRAL,
11. N. OUDEN,
or ORLEANS. 1
1fin SWRURTAR Or $fAil,
WGn. A. STRONG,
or WINS.
1$3 At'PITOI, Ii
A.LLEN EL, £
or IR1E:RVI.LL. ii
VUCAT OS, i
ROBIRTM. LIISIIER, °,
Or OUIs$. ii
103 COXOGWl5, C
roantk CngruseIouaI Dbitrikt,
J.3. ELAN ,
OF b3Sf)?O.
O0 tllStcr MOT O .
COI., D&VD P1833503 R
Of NAkidteb lloth
PARIN_ TICKET.
tat LegWature, Ab
IIORtfblER PEIUY?, in
D. Hi. I1AmOU, vi
J. ALPIOE8E PIIUDIIOMME. s,
Fbi Nshb Judlg. Pa
8. E. BAXMYF.T. "k
.3
Far NIerif. ta
JAMERS E. REEOAJ. or
Far Clerk.
lei
B. MASSON. ApI
?w be
lo Coroner.
N dn e. Juror'.
0. L. WAUSlEY.~fY
tL IL MlcCtLNDOY.3 o.
ID. CIIOPIlY. ftee
W~. Cv. ROSS. ap.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
We wish it distinctly under
stood that if candidates nomina
tal br ee ase unwilling toa
1w their announcement, we sail
3 anomoan.e them. This role we
have adloptedl la common with ouar
7oierssative montemporaries, and
It willn et le deviated from ; and
nelails all candidklates not upon
te National and State tickets.o
Ourt termnss are as follows:
loa ees. for ongrsional and
Nomulauea arish Judge, Leg
Nature, SherifI, Clrk, Iecorder
"d CQuen, $15
Noemisees for Polce Jnurors $10
. Nominees for Ward and City
*leUer, as
Attntion SIdbeortbes.
Tb. su lbsen te s the VINDICA
TOR oho arb owing am, met pay up
at so.w* Tb. amount fromi eacl is
*omal, bt samue p largely I the ag. I
All parties owg w.ill lud their me- I
noats in I.e bands of our collector
sls- they py i p befre the lb t 1 .
Sbr.
WUa= aM Hewkwknrs Club
musb 6..?.t as 7 pdlat P. M. it
Iiifrwmehhd WaUud.
prr.&by ii
x qº Nombwt usual iss n. k
W9. H., JACK? e
& P. JomTaos.w Islit. s,
Ikmtraim
XIWHQOU and WIl.TZ nd the
3I*L usin *" Io li csi am the %
7Tnt or OCTOBER.
wM hg shat dhDoamdmuntby tfs.
PIAND RBIECUZ, ell
"biº A 1~m& of Mbs di tyy (L, 'b.
4t a wNtelg at sight by the
TILDt AND JIEN1)RCKS PT
Itub f ti oi y. &
- -,- -- - nnt
A SQUVARE N 1.AORVJFIFT po
tC1?8 it :9f Imunki Desdg Houw. pit
G enital Francis T. Nicholls, gal
_ f the pnrish of Assnumption, our can.
dter idale for the Chief Magistracy of the ak
State of Louisiana, was hot in tohis Pa
*'tm State, reared among our people, with inr
s. ill the love for them natural to a id
nwarm and generous heart. Hle is a we
moan against whom nothing can ie hit
said derogatory to a highitoned, lon- lhil
orable gientlCIeman, "ilnd those who lla
know him elCt love him mnost." In thit
the qnietude of his home, around the. hnl
charmed circle of his hearth, noneI
gather there who do not love him al- i
most beyond human affection. thr
Lt Ius look over hip short speecih l'"
on lthe occarsion of his noioation at har
lnton Rouge. In the first place e hin"
says, "I enter, gentlemen, into poldie xi'
S life for the first time, and in choosing Asi
me, you have chosen one who knows re"I
f nothing fhrther as hisl guide, than his 0ll5
sense of right for all classes of the hia
people of this State." What could 1
hobe more beautiful than that simple que
Nexpression I What could inspire a ilat
greater degree of confidence, or awake no
a stronger feeling of admiration tl"f
Ili' guide, his compass, to steer Csai
K , through the inricate paths of admin- the
istrative troubles shall only he his ana
sense of right for all classes. Now pre
let as form some estimate of what the
that sense of right may bhe, let as in I
try and find out what may possibly Ing.
n, be his stlandard; to pgo back to the shael
beginning; his Father was a gentle- will
man of property and educastion, and hold
well known to some of the elder gen will
tlemen of our parish. Io was a law- man
yer of some note in the lower part of will
the State, and served in thie Legisla. pro
tore many years ago, with honor and main
distinction, and of course, educated beol
his son as liberally as it was possible. an t
So nmuch for the earlier years of our aad
hero. ie is a graduate of the once him
famous school of West Point, which rants
in those days was a pretty sure sign the
of a gentleman. 11. served his coun- years
( as try during the wat on the side he for I
thought to be right, and was so true unto
S as a soldier, and so just as ao olfer, of hii
that be woan the hearts of all who says
came in contact with him. No soldier hone
ever appealed to him In vain, and if mtnt
the circastance justifiead bhis iaterior- ( 1"'
once to ameliorate his condition, he have
was certain of his assistantee. There. men I
fore it is mot diflcalt for as to imaginae fered
what his standard will be, or how his and I
sense of right will guide him. ative
He says agaia, "MAfter I take my He
oath of olffice, I shall cease to repre. peopi
sent the Democratic party, but be that I
the repreentative of the PEOPLE- ed to
not for aone set, bet the whole." Now ed he
what could be more patriotic than pOple
MI that What cold be a greater rt - ad a
bake to ring-makers, boammers, and 18M
politicans, than that simple expres- He
sloo; "Not of one set, but the whole bhim,
ean amy one suppose that this ma. is t
to be used In the interest of aparty, sa
or that he is to ba led from bi plaim who a
path of duty by time-servers or lat- Nichol
terers Nay, theiy will net dare under
approach him, sad his election will be loI
be the death-knell ia this State of distrel
all such ptifero kbeings. "Ii the State I
civil service no fraid shall receive ted hii
appoiatmeat by reasoa of that fact.", eanom
What is the neaning of this state- work I
mont? It slmply means that being oem
Governor of Louisina is one thing, the fi
and rewarding frienda is another; to el*tlo
receive an appointment from him the TI
appliont most irst show his capaci- well s
ty, next, his honesty and lntegrity, Bonma
aext his reliability, and finally his -
- complete ftness for the postion ask- The
ed, and unless all these requirement. its reo
accompany the request, tihe proel- cently
r Ubilities ar that be will neter. day's I
sa warnded. palpsl
o to bring back a proper 11iite
tone in pabic affirs." This appears from
we to be a nost joyful announaement for Harris.
uo us all, sad dull paust be the ear, and feat- f
d callous the heart In which no sympa- that thu
on thetlc throb is felt The proper tone them-I
ta. ia public affairs has been so long guilt, a
beanshted fro this State that some of sorry I
ad us might very reasonably doubt our Ioss Pa
10 eapacity to recogaise It when ft does peared
g come, popular
heI blieve gentlemen, that you negro o
10 ae selected as yoar standard-berar. nised ti
oy or today, a man who has always felt fore, gFi
bj kindly, in fact I do not know a man tihe ape
who als kinder feelings towards the -
cored peodllo than I have. My ro. All p
c- tord on that point does not date from the agu
to-day, nor from the war, but it goes MUST]
back to th.eariter period of my child- -
g. hood, and it is well known among the Wara
cohlore people of Assomption; and til after
c- I want tisen. to know that I witl pro- le will
btect thena hhaiaclua!l, ia all thkir
i ght, Genor
riAt.. fvor of
r Is this the truth I snt It you, how vr
are we to know It? In the first place, Some
*. it Is well knowa that he is kind and State oi
Just to alt who come in his ,way. His the Stat
slave adored him, for he ever had a 000 ma)a
kind w fo r thlm, and now those -
wh surroand him as employees, love ONE1 n
and respect him. To them, li word Saranab
Is a god an his bond. ILt us rt- charities
view the pietu prerented on lis re- daily bh
tuern hem froe-m hi. pap to Iton taking a
elsope after his nomisation. The heit rem
steamsr 8t John, on whlki he and demsoral
hi freiads were aboard came In sight majority
of his eauding amid shouts, cheers,
Sring of eammee, and mamI. A lsrg. IJOAS
crwdd hcet haleetd to moirve him ONE DO
and wekome hack to his homse their per day,
here All rushel towards him hap.
py to shake his wily resiaing hand, Ingot
and I ot that, catch the ghlipse of
an approving sdle. Now, who co andh
posed thi Imm ee concourse of pc- han
-ple, sager to touch the hem of his Babsc
holls, garsnuents? W1as It iompod of Dem*
our n.- ocrals alone ? or of white people
y of the alone' Not a bit of It, the greater e
Sin thi, part of themn were colored lien, wo- W h
ile, wit men and children, anxious to ste their g
ral to a idol once more safely at home; these
lie is a were the people who Hurrahld for a
an ibe him, who shouted for him, and cx. t
d, hon. hIibjited their joy in every conceivable
A tli
*o who manner. There was no restraint to
et." inI their heartfelt merimaent and exober.- i
Hnd the, int feelings.
L, none To know how much ie ais beloved
him al. in the parish of Assumption, write
there anld ask any man who is c- t
s peech quainted with him, or any one whot
Ition at has livred thlere long enough to know
lace lie hinm, even by reputation; ask if Gen. l
a public Nicholls has an enemy in the parish? f
lhoosing Ask if all, white and black do not t
Sknows respect and love him beyond any one t3
lan his else ? Ask who wasr ever turned from l
S of the his door in need, without his help on
t conld iie has not sought the office, conse- in
simple quently tie will accept it only in the Re
spire a interest of the entire people. lie hasL
awake no avaricious desires to satiate, no up
ration blood-thirsty propensities to indulge, d4.
tli(
s teer ecovets no man's goods, htt will act in
admin- the interest of the people of rouisi. mi
be his ana, irrespective of race, color, or mi
Now previous condition. The humblest in
I what the land can call on him, confident, a
let as if his cause he just, of a patient hear- l
ostibly Ing. No rings can gather under the haI
to the shadow of his anuthority, and thieves cue
gentle- will find no abiding place in his house- dat
n, and hold. The tone of public sentiment vi
r gen will be elevated, and there is not a ve
a law. man in the State, white or black, who
part of will not feel himself more or less
sgisla. prond of the noble Governor. Though
or and maimed and robbed of his limbs, yet
ueated believe as, he has enough left of his
asible. anitomy to contain his generous heart Con
of oar anil bright intellect; enough left of 1PI
e once him to drive to wings the vile corm. witil
which rants who have been preyiang upon sect
e sign the vitals of the State for these many Lou
coun. years. They must seek other fields "o'
dio he for their unholy practices, for woe tHo
Strue unto them if caught within the range Dig
amtr,of his vengeance. "What we want," iage
I who says Gen. Nicholls, "at present, is side
oldier honesty, Integrity, and good govera- ere
and if ment." Do we not aN want this? At
oor- Clan any man deny the fact that we Con
W, be have had bad goverament and bad to I1
'here. men in ofece. Have we not all sof. as t
agine fored from these pernicious causMes, Lew
w his and is not a change absolutely imper. raili
ative? aid
e my He has been ealled upon by his e"
epre- people to save them from the rina swer
it be that Is before them. He has consent. of w
,LU- ed to abandon his peaceful and retir. whit
Now eId home, for the hope of helping his Id li
than people out of their present difealty, boar
M a rnad as sure as the 7th of November, retire
ad 1876, arrives, he will do it. leaug
prs He has been called, the people want doori
les him, and 1 i in telad uia. Heis Bset
1 is th ma to a_ e a fom radi. r. , famil
anr, ad the country from reui. The man Th
plain who abstains from voting for Gea. by a
sat. Nicholls for Governor of this State, .7. 0
dare under the peculiar circmstances, will "ork
will be looked upon with suspicion and eere
Sof distrnst . The et eiheas la the then
a the State met in Convention and moales. ** It
eie led him, and they fully deserve d trihe
aet. n eaoemisA they lhave receivld . Their clans
tate- work la the foreshadownlg of what is ensui
sing to come, and if they lire they will -e tryinj
lg, the fruition of their hopes in the1b a
; to election of the ticket. their
the they
The BE8T te market affords and and t
a welt served, at Bardick's Boardigl oveni
ity, House.
his nomhl
ok- The Onachita Tekigrnp concluding by so
eats its report of the Packard party reo Thi
iba. cently at that place, says: "Sator- that 1
re. day's effort was In every respect a
palpable falure. Every speaker esx labore
per hibited a feelbig et disappointment, Wh
rs fnro Boss PRard de to Pilckney Cony.
for Harris. They all felt the coming de. bat w
and feat- felt ia this Radical stronghold Deleg
'pa. that their sceptre was soon to leave eandia
one tliem-fesl and exhibited weakness, (thou1
ong guilt, and lack of merit. It was in and I
mof sorry plight and despondent mood guts I
our Boss Packard and his followers ap. ofmf
oes peared io Monroe as claimants to mid h
popular support. the moet ignorant thoe
Fon negro on the ground saw and recog
ar. nlied the fact. We need not, there. Reg
relt fore, give *a reason for not reporting tor rol
ian the speeches made." sion,
the - day, m
ro. All persons who have arrived at fory-c
*m the age. of 21, since last election, bfoug?
n MUST BE REGISTEREDI bing
-ld. - * tingt h;
the Warmnoth will not come home tin,- tfre I
led til after the election, but if he hould, Ser
r. ihe will not vote for Packard. w
1Yar ---- - *****~ -----
General Longstreei in said to be in Bredu.,
favor of the election of Nicholl. Iiack, (
hr I. lo
re, Some of the best politicians in the A CC
nd State on the Radical side, say that tender
Ii. the State will go Democratic by SO,. but ihe,
I a 000 maJority. ed to a
Then
ye ONa nALF of the colored people oo had adJ
e1 Savranab, Ga., are dependent on the grinm fi
re- charities of the white people for their dom, w
,. daily bread. Does this look like Family
en taking away any of their rights ? For and we
he be it remembored that Georgia is a lowe.
ad democrati State by forty thousand
ht majority I Thesa
botwee.
p BOARD AND LODGING-only MUST
a ONE DOLLAR AND PIFTY CENTS
ir per day, at Burdilk's Boarding House. If Pa
Sagar and rice is the burden f *'r ste
NPekard's speech. now, formeely be h eerr
wa rrldened wih blank Warrants of the9
and hsndeacuf for our people. Messr
i Bubscribe to the Vindicator, can gine
of Deni- He is Coming.
people Tuesday next the slayer of the lib
greater ertis of Louisiinoa will be hroe, the n
en, wo. man who colnctCed the ruin of our I
q their State in secrcet midnight concilave, the a
these C man who executed the illegal order of I
d a drunken JudnIge to rob the people of b
and ez*
adx the dlearest rights known to fcreemen; c
*elvasble
the man who conies now shamelessly g
raint to before us to ask the people to elect e
eober- lhint to the highest office within their e
beloved gift, as a reward for his infamy; this a
rite adical luminary, all the way from A
write the State of Maine, 8. ii. Packard, tl
is Ac- wl eo ad
41 who will be on hand, and those who want a
Sknow to take a look at himl, will perhaps cI
if Gen. have their last opportunity, at least It
parish ? we hope so. It is then you will we fr
do not thie nman who sent his infaeons Dept- d
d noty here with hiis pockets filled with
my one
4 from blank warrants to arrest and confine tl
frlp our peaceful and unofrending eitizens di
ohelp in a military prison, thereby endan- w
in the gering their lives by needless expo. h
Ie has sure. Ile is the man who saddled w
ut, no npon ns the Kellogg usurpation, the enc
tdk, nodarkest crime ever enacted against IM
I tlge, tohe liberties of a free people, a crime vI
ouini without a parallel in the history of le
lor or modern civilization-and who is more C
let in directly responsible for the blood wi
fident, that has been shed in this State, than mi
I hear- all thetest of the abominable carpet- tio
or the baggers heaped together. His pres. 50
hieres enee here in the capacity of aendi- wt
house- date for Governor, is an insult to our cIo
iment people, and all fair minded men can fir
v not a view it in no other light. brn
t, who e eq
r less The Convention, pie
eni
hough FIRST DAY'S NsB5lor. col
s, yet
of his The Rtadical Convention met at the iti
heart Court IHouse on Monday, Oct. 21, his
'inc
left of lI7G, a day which had been looked for in
eras. with great impatience by some office. COI
aupon seekers, and with fear by others. tha
many Long before the time of meeting, a the
fields crowd was assembled about the Court b
weo Hoiuse waiting for the doors of the up
range Big Show to open. ,From the work. ask
rant," ings of the different candidates out- pro
nt, is side, it was evident that all was not Ode
vera- eartlly righl. II
this? At last the doors were opened and the wll
at we Convention came to order, by giving that
I bad to Henry Raby the hoer of presiding the
I sof. as temporary Chairman, and John G. lion
uses, Lewis, as Secretary. Inside of the civi
aper. railing the Delegates took their seat, plat
and as usual, intelligence was as ontlj
r his slntOe as whies. Twenty-nine an. iron
rain swered to the roll call, twenty-.seven fort
sent. of whomn were blacks, and the atwo TM
retir. whites who figured in the arena, look.- dn
g his ed like two chalk marks en a black own
blty, board. After some consultation they for I
sber, retired in secret session, and by the tire
length of time they remainled with aibI
want doors closed, it showed that there was rae
Si snome misUmsaderha ing I the happy that
rue, family.
man They finally organised permanetly
(ea. by electing J. E. Breda, Chairman, i'
tate, J. 0. Lewis, Secretary, who were en- edW8
will corted to the Chair with the usual Pari
eleci
and earlmones. The Remorable Rorf hbi
thenthea took a reess until thrieo'clock the i
lea. P. N., when Heory Zaby, by some meo"
,a h tilck or otler, was nominated by ac. coloi
heir clamation, as representative. The n
at is ensued a scene of confusion, each man ticte
l eee trying to get his candidate nominated libet
gas by acclamatioa, but not to expose aD
their family quarrel to the uufailtflsl, ant
they retired agaia in secret session monl
and and there remained until late in time Stath
ling evening, when they opened doors and W
nominated Mr. F. Bubby for Reo rder, rij
l by acclamatioan now
ug Thas ended the frat day's labor of art
tar- that hody, do Aesd taheir hands otn .
et a destlinic of our pceple, and who Aad boxaq
l abored a herd is their interest. herb
oat, What was done that nlght after the TI
ney Convention adjourned, is hard to tell, o
d b- t we don't believe that any st of Paril
ol Delegrates were better treated. The legal
ave eandidates spirits passed away, their
es, (though not In the form of a ghost) romF
tin and bowever superstitious the de.o- porse
sod gates might have been, they were not for tl
p· afrald, and when morning dawned tie a
to and headaches q e, they thought of Anica
ant those who had treated them ait. coast
eag* SPCOND DIAT. form
'nr- 2he all camo at I o'clock, and af- Ilonu
lng ton roll call went agais in secret sea. than
sion, and there remained the whole entyd
Slay, and after laboring for nearly And
at forty-ciglht hours, like the Mountain, tinctl
1n, broughstforth a mouse, by momina. isatlo
ting by acelamation, for Iepreseuta. tisst
tires L. 0. Darron and J. G. Lewis- purp
for Pmrisl Judge, 1. C. Myers, for . W,
id, Sheriff, I). H. Boulht, Jr., for Clerk, L. N.
V. II. Tunnard, for Coroner, A. P. M. Be
iu Breda, for Police Jurors, Joseph Ezer- J. Blce
nack, Carrol J nes, A. Clemiets, W. 4
I. Morens and W. L. Woods. WV. IR.
,he A Comaiitte was then appointed to WV. 1I
rat tender to II. C. Myers the nominationa, '* *
0,. but le, witlt his usual mdoety, refus. A. il
ed to accept the profered hono'. M. C.
Then all was over, the Convention Jno. Ii
of had adjourned and by sour looks and G. E.
lIe gruma facos and words spoken at ran- Joo 8
rir dlon, we saw plainly that the Happy W. i,
ke Famsily were not re sell satisied, T. C. I
or and wfeld sorry for hem. Poor (al. Ed. Ci
'a oaWS. xx., Ata
ad :- day 2
Titose that have not papers dated orA.
between August 31st and October 23d, s*
ly MUST BE REGISTERED AGAIN I J.
***------ H.
e* If Packard wants to know tie for. W
mo usr site of his military hostile, when W
earrives herehe an applyg oome L. I
of the prisoners who still live here. that th
Messrs. J. H. Cosgrovo, L. N. Lane, ca be
W* W. Breasealo and others. They
can give him the desied informaation. Begim
The Colored Vote.
the lib- Tihe time for claesing colored meen
hbre, thie as, ipso fado Republicans is about to
in of our pass away, anid almuch to the clhagrin
Iave, tihe and disappointment of tihe leading
ordter of Radicals of the cotuntry this will soon (
weople of be a thing of the past. As they he- I
reemen ; C ome more enlightened and intelli
melessly gent, learn to look upon passing 3
to elect events s they really arec, turn a deaf 1
tin their car to designing and dishonest Imen, I
my; this and begin to think and act for themn
ay fro"m selves; this disgraceful placing of a
'ackard, them on account of their color will be
ho want abandoned, and hereafter their votes
perhaps can onl3 be secured by reason of the
at least merits of the men asking, their suf
will ere frages. If they could be mnade seu
a Dep)- she of tihe vile use to which their
led with votes have been prostituted, could
confine they fully appreciate how their crc.
citizens dulity has been speculated upon, for ill
endlan- what base purposes their ignorance
ms expo. has been made the rmedlium, thriug gh
saddled which thieves could rob and vllaina
ion, the could pilunder, they would forever is
against swear eternal vengeance againset the
a crime vile schemers who have for so long,
story of here in the South, mado them the in
is more nocent party to a damning record,
blood which will stand against the Govern- M
e, than ment which fostered thenm, as long as
carpet- time lasts. The right of suffolage is a
s pres- sacred trust, and those only are
enndi- wortihy of it, whlo prove thcmsevocs
to our competent to exercise it wisely and
ton can for the good of the people in the
broadest sense. The battle for tihe
- equality of man on tihe broad princi
ples of tihe Declaration of Independ. Pr
ence has ended in victory, and the
colored voter stands to-day thie pulo.
at the itical peer of the proudest n tihe land;
it. 2sd, his rights in this respect have been
keel for incorporated in the organic law of tihe to
office- country, and the man who intimates pa
others that it is possible to deprive him of mn
ting, a these rights utters what Ito knows to dei
Court be false. Therefore it is incumbent Sti
of the upon the colored man to pause and
work- ask himself: What am I doing to
a out- prove myself worthy of so msuch con
as not Odence t
Ht e can but hang his head in shame I
ad the when the answer comes home to himi, nol
Rivng that for eleven years Iet has been but Pa'
siding the cat's paw of as vile a set of dis- ten
hn G. honest men as ever disgraced the oil
of the civilization of any country. It isl as liar
nat, plain as the nooo-day sun that the any
.z as only course left for him to pursue is, pe
e san hereafter to make most dilligent ef- wail
seven forts to vote nlatelligently and as his the
, Iti reason will dictate ; not he led as a mom
ook- dumb animal without a will of his tati
black own and this too all the while, not the
tlvt
Sthey for good either present or prospec- wti
y the tire for himself, but simply to aid and wes
with advance the personal end of some less
rwasrecal who cares no manore for him st
isppy than he does for a Comanche Indian. and
leaty rome Guard. tio
mnan, Whereas, It is within thus knowl. te
re edgeofallelassesof persons of thei
usual Parish of Natchitochmes thlat at every
election for years past it has been the utill
Rel1 habit and practice of the leaders of witi
%clock the Badical patty, of said parish to no4d
someoeree and tmldas te eahb and every for
pyag clored persea who may too desiroas
The of votlng the opposition ticket, or for sent
T persons running for oile0 on saild cent
Iman ticket, by means of threat. of toss of Ish I
sated liberty, of lroperty, and even of life,
rand thereby preventing them from and
IFAse ezerciring tat free prerogative gnar. and
thfl1, anteed to itin by time 15th Amend towa
salon mont to the Constitution of the United TI
a the States ; and
sand Whereas We are reliably informed coml
reb colored rrsons, citizens of this obey
'rdcr, Parish, that t me aforesaid practice is be to
now being commenced by certain Com
or of parttes, with a view of preventing the
colored voters from exercising freed
I t16 on of cholee as d action at the ballot On
shad box at the general electionin Novom- stani
her nexlor
rthe Therefore, We the unders. nd or
tellldGe ourselves to protoe nlct an de
te nd, Fedeach ad every penrso in this the q
Dt of Parish who in a legal voter (using all can.
The legal and proper means to do so) In doub
way, their constitutional right of voting or kill
most) not voting as they may see lt, free da
from Interference by any person or dead
Idle- persons, party or parties; and now sure
a sot for the purpose of cnTrying out filly
rned tme above pledge .in as much as time g
Acts of Congress enforcing the 15th
at of Amendment have been declared uan lotel
constitutional by the Supreme Court -
of the United States, We agree to R.
form ourselves lato a company of Repu
I af- lonme Guards to consit ofnot Ids of the
sea- than twenty-Ave nor more than My- ieal I
hole ety-ltive men properly oflesoel. Assnl
And we hereby plge respect and lettem
any obedience to sedc oficors. It is dis- terda
am, tinctly understaood that this organ- again
in.- izatioa shall not be ueed for par- that
uts. titan purposes, but simply for the agoni
is-- Puroe and ohjoects as se forthr ciors,
for I. W. Flemmsing, lHomser Trihelel. dollain
erk, L. N. Lane P. C. lrmchatl, soldim
p. PI.I. Batdaries, I I. .Grappe, ceivel
zer- J. Iecn Smith, Ovide Frcmlien, returm
SJuhn Martius Oleris Fredien, hanve
W* J. A. Ginger; 8. E. Russ, their
W. RI. Hampton, Octave Fredlien, Nov
I to I W W. BImraeaae, 0. ernnandes, by a ]
on, J.. Voise, W. A. Carter, Packu
A. N. Tihuon, I. W. Bunker, that iI
*- A.: lack, Andrew Roth. of nil
M. C. Russell, L. Prothro. I5utfne'
ion Jno. Babinson, (col.) I. Hovels, (col.) Tie I
mud 0. E. Prudhlmoue, I.P.. Ireazeale, nent I
JnJ. Seperment, H. P. Breazeale Louis
an a. I. Breazeale, Juo. .Sites, fidene
PPy W. . DeRuasesy, Joseph Perot, own
led, T. C. Donovan, J. N. Wolfson, squarn
f£l. Ed. Caston, It 8. Jones. public
At a meeting of the climb on Tues- teitim
day 2Gth Sept., 1876, the following Wen di
organiastion was elocted l his orj
hed A. N. Timson, Captain, they i
3d S. E. Ross, Ist. Lieutenant. of the
(I J. A. Black, 241 a swis
H. P. Breaseale, 1st. Sergeant no bi
br. W. R. Hamupton, *a
en W. A. Carter, a ,, brough
m L. H. BIURDICK wants it known
*tht thaue best meals and the best beds In ti
e, can be Itad at his Hotel on Front St.
___________ FULWE
cy F41uywa
in. Register or you cannot vote! It ud
Appointments for our State Can
vase.
I mIetn i
riot to ItoOna StAt' C(':NTIAI. (ComIunhrr.,
IDemocratic Conservative Pa'irty,
uitirii New Orlarns, Sept. 12, I87t6. t
aiding Mass rftetings of the I)emnocratic. N
I soon Conservative piarty will be addressed ci
T Je. by the foillowing speakers Ge:in. I.
lttlli- T. Nicholls, thn. L. A. Wiltz, lion.
II. N. Ogdon, Gov. John, MeEwnry, II. 11
Issing 1. Spoflitnd, ii. C. Wickliftle, Albert ti
w deaf 14o4rhis, 8. J. N. Smith, It. 11. Malrr, u,
men, P. E. The'ard. 1. F. Jonas, and Carl
hecm- doiton Hunt. The nmeetiings will be held
as follows:
ig of Sept. 17-Sunday, Mandeville. ci
ill be Sept. I9-Tueslsiy, Amiite City.
rotes Sept. 22-Friday, Iberia.
f the Sept. `-aturdaiy, St. Martinville.
Sept. 25.-Mondayl~r, Franklin. Heý
r sut- Sept. 28-Th'rlsdlar, Clinton. tiq
A ec- Sept. 2!-Friday, thervilie.
their Sept. Il-Satlurday, taton IRouge.
could UOct. J--'Tuesdlay, Floyd and d Al* g
hor ilie.
re"f Oct. 5-Thr'fidtiay, Delta and Ve.r
fifor miioiihllik. Al
1n1C4 (lt. 7-Saturday, St. Joseph and2i
l 3ratnd Coteatn.
O"ct. S--Suniday, Opeloouan El
lu Oct. 9-Monday, Vidalia & Washl
ever ington.
the Oct. iI- -1Wednesdav. Manhsville. et
ong Oct. I14-SanturdLnay, Alextandria. no
' Ocet. I(i--Mondafy, Momtgomnery. ffe
Si- Oct. 17-Tuesday, Natchitoches. TA'
or1d, Oct. 109-Thursday, Coushlatta and o
,ern. Mansfield. Ie I
ig as Oct. 2I-Sa-turday, Shrersport. on
Oct. 23-Monday, Bellevue. eat
isa Oct. 24-Tuesday, Minden. all
are Oct. 25-Wednesday, HIomer. dot
lves Oct. 26i Thursday, Areadia. wtr
and Oct. 28- Saturday, Vienna. ove
te Oct. ;K0-Monday, Parmeraville. of
t No 1-Wedmiesday, Oakrildge. ani
thie Nov. 2-Thursday, Dclhi. mel
inci- I. IV. PATTON, let
and. President State Central Comnmittee
the Derncratie-Conservative Party of
Louiana. thli
il- PHILIP PowER, JR., SecOretary.
ad ; gtu
Wel I may probably make up my mind 81
the to return to the State two weeks
mites prior to the close of the canvass, and i a
I of may determine to take an open and his
s to decided stand against the election of hol
tent State Republican ticket. evi
and PIacusACK, tall
to ar,
rol
on- Party Organization. alo
umne It is absolutely sortain that we can. Tat
im, not win this election without strict lag
but party deciplin. A great deal of syn. Wo0
lis. tematic work is to be done and cant
the only be accomplished through the Da
as harmonious working of party usages gnq
the and customs. The great error our wil
is people are falling into in the different cre(
ef- wards of the parish in taking upon ty.
his themselves separate and independent
aamodes of procedure without consul. A
his tation with the acknowledged head of Mr.
not the party, the Parish Central Esen- whi
e tine Committee, is well caElculated to in I
end weaken oar strength and otherwiae T
e lesson our chances for asuccess.
nie
S The Comipittee Is working eon
Sstantly for the great object, success,
and if any one has plans and sugges
tions to mhke, they should be Im
mediately transmitted to the commit. *
F on ti
Stee for their approval or rejection. It trct
is the purpose of the committee to ii sit
li utiliso all the available resources
of within their reach, and they will be hile, I
to ander nmany obligtions to say one
afor say important hints that might be (
or sent. The Committee ias power to Hnle.
ad control and direct affkirs In the par' Oe
isol relatively to all political questions, and a
rm and if this fact is not fully recognised berat
Ir and duly appreciated it will go far
ml towards destroying it. usefuIness.. Go
id The commands and requests of the
committeo must be respected and
is obeyed, and no Important step uanst
is be taken without the approval of said
in Committee.
4- - MI.
st Our subscription list is being con
. astantly increased bay the addition .f
colored subseribers. Many of them
Ssay they want the Demoeratic side of IU
is the question, as well as the Republi.
Ii ca.s To Inquire is to doubt, and to
in doubt is to reasonv and to reason is to
ir kill carpetbaginsm In the South so To
Sdead that it will norer hoar the to
w sorrection horn.t
.9 __ly cans
Seo advertisomeut of Burdick's tisEI
Hotel. c ,i
aineow
o R. roindoeter, a prominent colored *
if Republican, who had been a member ta t
il of the Legislature and was the Mad- *aad Si
-lical ahndidate for Senator from theo
I. Assumption I)istrict in 1874, in his ador
dI letter to the Dcriaoerl, published yer* Maii,.
S- terday, makes a very heavy charge
a- against Mr. Packardl. o charges (
* that In 186i(J Packard was "claim
e agent, selling claims for IT. 8. sol.
Ii diers," and that many soldiers paid
him, some ifteen and others tweznty
dollars, to collect their bounties ; these
soldiers, le tells us, have never re
ceived their money nor had tlie fi'e e,
returned to tliemn ; imilneed, tlint they jj,,,
liar fouAnd it imtipossibIle eveni to get ''li a(
their paper. back.
Now, this is n diullstlct charge, made
by a prominent Iteruhlilan, that Mr.
Packadn is a common swindler, anu Ae
that hle selected as his victims a class
of men of wlhm his pFarty huts as
susmed to be the friend and protector.
) The accuser hiAs held a very pronui
nent peitiom, in the Radical party of
a Louisiana, anid now possesses the con- To
fidence of the Radical leaders of his
own race. Ha makes the charge ToR
squarely and declares that if the' Re- at thie
pmblicaa denies it ihe will prove it by 18th im
. testimony clear and orerwhclming. at the
IV. do not see how Mr. Packard or Give nh
lis orga as can Ignore this char . If
tliey are not afraid of te pubblcatiomi
of the facts showing that I'nckard is PcI
a swindler, which Poindexter clhims Po
to have in lila possession, let the doe
nial be such that thie proof niay be
brought out.-N. 0. Democrat. JFA A
I In this citr on We'nonulay, Oct. 4,
S187, Mlrs. REBEICCA M. CIJUUTIS, oi
FuLWKLs , consort of II. 8. Curtiss. Aged
41 years, 11 mnonths and 10 da vs.
1raurln'oro Duwocrat pics sceppy.
Can- T''y ar still a ly
waiting fur that great "ad
11il and oratort, II. C. W1vne;a,,t
'typ W1'4ondecr what they will Sit Wli
$ S~lit'!~i'nt~t ritial N4.alt Irirlll
* they tiinl thlit hr ilntfnldI to vote
ratic- Nicholls rind Wiltz t-N. 0b. e
eset cant.
lIon. "eoar Simmtnons' iver Itegy lte
v, II. has been in uSe iln m lmily for
Iliert tine, and I urn ptts ailded It is a vl.
i4arr, Inble naddit ioani tI, the medicnl sci
UL'rl- "COV. JNO. GILL 81HO0TE,
held of Aluan
"It Ihasn proved a good and eSl.
cdols mtlediceile.
"C. A. NIJTTINGn
Fillc. VWhy is : compositor like a cripplef
Ieauseo l hecan'L get along withoutg
tick.
gi'. What piece of carfpentry becotn4!g
Ab gem as soo011 A it is finished f-A-gat
Ver.- Registiration papers dated l tweeu
andl AU(IWST 3lst 4t7J, and OCTOBEIj
"`4l I874, ARE (1001). NONE OTII.
EIRS ARIE.
as -i -t
Whether Mr. AdIams is elected Got.
le. ernor of Mansachusetts of not, hli
nomlination will hiave an inapiring ef.r
feet in the Demnocratic national eana.
rVas His conisent to be put in thif
and 'oitiion is a conspicuous and empli*r
le Indorsetment of the leading namd
on the Democratic ticket by the rnaj
eminent, aenpable and experienced dof
all our public men. Mr. Adams' Is.
ldorsament will oncourage aid
strengthen the Denmocratic party iJ
every State where it has any chandc
of snccess, and it will do more thua
any other event which ihas yet oceur.
rel to attract the support of Ind.
I enlent voters.-N. Y. Herald,
ttee
of The New Orleans Times pa
this deserved conmpIliment to the
great Native-American general:
Ind Sitting Bull has outgeneral4e
Sheridan, Crook and Terry. It is
s true he is only an Indian, buat he Is
ad a ge nuine native American, and
thd his defence of his native mountail
Sof lhome and his masterly retreat
evinces a high order of military
talent, 1e commanads nearly aN.
largu an army as the Prince of
MIoutengro and is not more ear..
ago and ferocious than are thE
n. Turks who destroyed whole vi.
lict lags in Bulgaria, beheading menr
, women and children; not more ano
Sthatn the fierce Abyssiniana whe
h whippeadl the Egyptians. 8itting
to Bull is a groeat Amuercan chief ans
)Oa general, and although we must
air whip him we must give him dau
at credit for his high military ablt'
onty.
sat -- "- - .
ý1. All the papers ate saying that
of Mr and Mrs. Sartoris and child
arrived In the Celtic last Sunday
t' when the truth is tlhe infant did
to in London last spring.--Graphlo.
SThis is another one.
, NEW ADVERTIEMEXN' S.
hf. NOTICE.
S Therea wil be uold. at P1ile An.Ule
on the 28th day df October, 1874, one
it fract of land lying near my nisilebne,
to in Sabine Parih, containing 219 aer,**
nonre or lss. There are two good dwelw.
ling houses, smogke hone, erii and eta
e tble, bett een 40 aid i50 acres under very
ne good fiite a ;aout 30 aeres cleanrl. The
and will be sold pyaslae ii three in.
stallmenta, tols madie knoir* on day of
to sale.
Come one, como all who want a good'
home, gnd kny himle you can tiny cheap,
Is, and on good terms, free frmiz alt enemnn
,4 berances.
Will be sold at my residonce.
8WltON GOODROW.
Oct. 7, 1971.
re
141
St
'ANTED!
O IIEEW CATItLE for whicir
the highest CASH prieer
will be paid by the underd
a1 signed on delivery at
UCloutierville.
. L.CIIARLEVILL3.
o TO TIB WORRNG CLA l-,We tyre asn
pre red tofunidak arlltel with es· tasta
I Onueyomsmt at hame, tk +)M f the tlm
Pa o nre mofmenta. fleaetess n
light and lhtblo. Iermnns of oither aes sadl
ly arn from at cents to $ per ervesig, l s
a proponrtional ant b devloting their whei
Pg time to the buasines. Ioyva and girls ears nsae
ly as much as titon. That all who se this M'
tio lgy Mend thelr. address, and test thle her
sines. wae make this uspanrlled o1s :er
ancd a ate not well llnfel we will sea
II po yfoollr to pay to r the t nrobloSwrtn
Full particulars. samphas worth several a
ir lar? tC "nnmonor ¶orl4 on, and a c1py of now
end I Iraiul4o, out of tc large aut an d eel 1110B
11841 sh I I'licationi, all sort fnre b IsftL
* if von want permanent proft. 8.
M adndre.s GiUOItGE STINSON & 0., tPortaad,,
MAine. 8ept.16.
Boarding Iioii»ýer
1 1i. fltJIRDICK, Proprietr.
d (Corner FRfONT and TOtVLINNB8Bm.
Y NATCIIITOCIIEi, LA.
T H Rnae )Ilrvfihg 'tcdn MIrtid ant
l1 do ly famished, ir the oinyrs.
e rlsu+ Irnso i the City; in fact file only
I IJlniiq whlere transienlt traielem. ran be
weffll aeccnnanHdnlt cdl
TERMIS: Only One Dollar and a ~W
e per day.
A cnmmnelion, Htfhle In crnnnetlu.
with) flu 11i'ii;;(. Rf'ft. *.
N
A CARD.
STo the Public of Natchikochre
TORIIVIA LONGORIA will,bo found
at the Market House from Mronday the
18th inmt., seting beef, flmi, fat and choice
at the rate of FIVE CENT$ a pouud.
Give htm a call.
Sept.1 --4t.
{ Potol`Z011p
--DEAll~m~ In
FAMJL Y GROGEJIIEi
A full uIwortuulemnt of Wco.tttPAI'J4 aoIld
euhuiily oil butt
Slp&cial ifdntounel$Ar to CA.. Cttstnualrnu
WVASHIINGTON STRIIIET,
N~icblt laxol, IAI.