UNITED STATES OF AMEIRICA,)
Dist. of La., Parish of Orleans,
New Orleans, Nov. 9, 1874.
Before me D. J. M. A. Jewett, a
cComiFsiont'r of the United States in"
and for theDist. of Louisiana. duly
(ec:mirsioned and qualified, this dayl
erjinailly came and appeared James
r.,, n. Geo. T. lloi Edei-, M. T. Green,
- i,. (':k. Allen IHall and Eli Wil
ies, who being dlly. and severally
wn,,, deposed and said. that they
.,,s, ersidents of the parish of Natch
.,,*ch'. in said District and State of
Lf, ui'iila ; that they were pwsent in i
(:aidl parish from the month of March.
A.D., 1874,'td the day of the general
election, to wit: the secold day of
November; that it was a matter of
general notoriety. that there existed
in said parish of Natctlitoches and in
all parts thereof, from and after the
tirstday of May last past, or there
about, an organization commonly andI
publicly known as the White League.
composed exclusivoly of white Demno
eratic residents of said larish ; a:lul
having for its object the intimidatiaonn
of colored and white Repnfhamcn vot
ers of said parish by," any and every
means practicible; the expulsion
from office of the legally elected and
appointed officers of said parish; the r
expulsion of the lawful jmudIge of the 1
17th judicial district : the S(izire oI t
the seals, records, emondneunts, pv- 4
er and duties of said officers y forcee t
of arms and the deprivation to hold
office and exercise the privilege of I
suffrage guaranteed to members of '
the Repnblican party as (.itizens of t
the United States by the constitution t
of the United State; and the amendd
meats thereto, espeeially hy the 4th,
5th and 11th sections of an act of Con- t
gress, entitled "an act to enmforce the
right of citizens of the United States
to vote in the several States of thi; t
Union, and for other purposes, ap- 8
proved May 31, A. D., 1870"'; that
said organization commenced in or
about the 2d week in the month of
May last past, to intimidate colored
members of the Republican party by
threats to each and every such member
severally made by David Pierson and
others, his associates in said organi
zation, that every such colored man
who should vote the Republican tick
et in the (then) coming election, f
would be by said Pierson and others J
expelled from his farm or rented laud, '
deprived of rations, supplies, labor r
andwages, and forever prevented 01
wholly and utterly from obtaining ICl
employment in said parish of Natclhi P1
toehes; that the said Pierson and el
others, his associates, visited the se
houses, churches and casual meetings or
of colored men for the sole and spe- L
cial purposa of making the threats cl
aforesaid and persistantly and gen- tip
erally sought opportunities for so do- 5'
ing;that from and after the taIt day of It
June, A. D., 1874, or thereabouts, pi
leading colored men of the Repub- in
lican party in said parish, to wit : d'
Raford Blunt, Henry Raby, Leon Van- ti
mier, and others were persistently 01
pursued by said Pierson and his as- (1
sociates, with threats of assassination, h
if lilye, the said Blunt. Raby, Van- W
natr, and othersshould attempt to
organize the colored vote!s ,f the
Republican party, in the mamner and
fdrm which had been usual is said
parish, or in any ether form and man
nor; that on the 28th day of July.
1874, said Pierson, together with his th
said asociates to the numbel r of seven
hundred (700) or thereabouts, the
same being then and there visily
armed with revolvers, shotguns Win- i
:ceester rifles and other deadly weap
ons, did appetir in the town of Nat
chitoehos sad did, then and there,
eomeoll the resignation of D. H.'
Bonlt, tarx colector of said parish
and of the State therein ; of the par
ish judge, one D. H. Boullt, jr., and
did, by force ofarms, as aforesaid, ex
poll from said parisb, Raford Blunt,
Seator of the 22d ~natorial Diet.,
i. C. Myers, j edge sh e 17th Judi
cial District of the Sta, f Louisiana, ti(
and other persons, membere of the pr
Republican party, of the number of o
thirty (30) or thereabouts; that from
and after said date, the entire pari~h ]
was in the sole charge and a thie I
mery of said Pierson snd his Iasso
dates as aforesaid, and that the same'
did dominate and control said paRish
without let or bindrance in rfter dfi
ance of the civil law of the attthirity
of the State of Louisiana. or, i the U.
$. of America, in the prelmises ; that a
daring the legal days of regisal ration, I I
to yit : from time 31th dary of Alugulst t
to the 23d dagy of Oct., both inclusive, e,
msaid Pierson and his' said associates
did, by force of arms, obstriet and "
prevent flom registration many Re- <
publicans voters, to wit: in ward r
anumber five (5], by estimation, tile pe
a*mber of forty-five [451 and in wamld
naumber six [6], by estimation, the
almber ofthirty 30J, and this persis
tntly, constantly, publioly and witlr
the avowed purpose of preventing uI
the slsml from exercising tie right of PO
autraoe ; that further,. npon the 2d g
f tNv last, in said parish and State, B
thesulid Pllersoa and hi ssnciates he
u af l, A,.ifl,.by.fore# of arms, a
hold pssesion of the polling places in
insuid"w a~ v .ad si~ x [5]& / 1 [ .
, sad PrevsatJS.hiider and obstrut Re- 1
'publleran *tol.AomU the exercise of 'j
the right of 5iftage thereat, to the
,byr esthiation, at ward live au
[1j one undred and even (l07) t
ud CdI* llsi f&. #,tjwo iun e
d~reGd tweuty oue .(21f eancli and
*eOery ne of whosm' wa;'Ifaid 'oll
" sls d;ab,ftor the purpoloefv voting I
_the Republican ticket, and -would
hamvedouep excep prevented, bin
derdd and ebetrcted iby said Pierson
rmls as u taad; hd': th i tnowi towl
edge of depqne.t, no list of voters disi
was kept at the polling place in ward J
1. (5a as re laited by law ; but that -
..the ifst of voters purporting to- ihave C
been kept at smid polling places and
,which aeeomau1ie.the returns from
said parish of F atobitocSes, was alto
gethr written amid made up in the
town of Natebiteches, twenty-five [25] i
Sat31 ff1m auid polliun plae, on the B
S day following said electioit, to wit:
oun the 3d1 day of Nov., David Pierson
aforesaid he being Chairman of the
D)enmocratic Parish Cohmmlitteo and
Sa commander aind chief of the White
inf League in said parish. ])eponenlts
lV furtlher depose and nay, that Jamues
Ila Brown amltl Geo. T. Boyden are tes
le idents of ward No. 5 tive, and that
n, 'M. T. Green, Robert Clark, Allen
iM- IHall and Eli Williams, are resilents
1lr of warl No. ( six, and that they were
ev each of them prevented from regis
a_. tering in said parish of Natchiteches
of by David P'iersoni anh his associates
in in the mai;nner hereihelore stated.
I1. (Iefereuce of) Jas. Brown,
'ai (eo. T. laydienl,
of M. T. Greed,
of Roelei t (:lark,
ell Allen fll,
in Eli Wiilhilil~ns.
h( Subscribed and sworn to before me
e. Decembler 8th, 1J74.
il J. M. A. JEWETIT,
te, U. S. Commissionler in a8id tor the
- )istriet of Louisiiana.
l' Nerw OlltEANS, Dec. 8th, 1874.
To lion. J. M'wlision Wells, clhairiani,
t anld liletnblers of the lRetuirning Bloard
V of tlhe State of Louisiana:
in
Id Genltleien-We the undersigned
a0respectfully beg leave to file this our1
r lproteHt against the manner in which
the election was conducted at polls 3.
1 4, 5, 8j, and 8, in the parish of Natchi
.n tocles at the late election held on the r
Ild (Illay of Novembier, 1874. That u
ofviolence, intimnidation, threats and
corrirupt inhliences were used againat
of the Republican electors at said polls;
,l that the unlawful and illegal action C
of the White League at these polls
r, educed the Republican majority in
, the parish about 1,0(t0 one thousand
votes ; besides, the Republican reg
t ietratioit wat reduced about one
i lthousand I,ttNH). We protest specially
. against the coullt, return or canlvass
of the votes cast at pools 5, tJ and 8, 1i
. for the legal grounilds above set forth. 8
Your ol,ediieit servalnts,
1 W. JI. 'TwrImiu, l
A S. VAX- D.E:V.SE.
.A true copy:-E. C.
STATE OF LOUISIANA,
Parish of Natchitoches,
Personall came and aple&iled bo
fore me the undersigned authority l).
Pierson, W. H . Jack, J. H. Cosgrove,
John Genoe and J. F. DeVargns, all
r residents of said Parislh, for a number
1 of. ears, who, after having been by
nme duly-sworn, depose and say : That
prior to, and at the time of the general
election held, in this State, on the
second day of November, 1874, no .
organization, known as thie White
League, existed in the parish of Nat- "
a chitoches aforesaid ; that an oganiza. Dl
tion kuown as the "Tax Reform As
sociation" was organized in May,
,f 1874, and dissolved fully a noutlh
prior to the election, its objects hav
.ing been accomlplished, viz: The re
dnction of parochial taxation within
the limits prescribed by law. Said
organization was non-political in its
objects and aims, and embraced- mem
bers of bo,th political parties and both
white and colored races.
S iglied l. Pierson, xq
SW. ll..Jack,
1 J. H. Cosgrove,
SJohn Genoc,
S d J. F. DeVargaR.
svwo.r'l to and subscribed bofore meIn
Sthis 4th day of Januarr, 1875,
JOHiN A. BARLOW, A
D'y Clerk, 17th Dist. (Court. 01
Financial, Commercial and Riter News:
COTTOK STATEMENT.
On hand last report........3234 bales
Received during week........152 "
Total receipts...... 3386 "
MARKET QUOTATIONS..
(It should be remembered our quota
tions are for round lots, at retail, higher
prices will have to be paid.)
Corrected Weekly by Carver & Taylor.
(otton.................................l 13c.
Hides, dry........................... -e
Hides, green..................... .....5si a 6e
BAcox.-The market is in linied supply
Clear sides are quoted at 18c; aboulders at 13c;
Breakfast bacon at 19e.
FI.oua.-Is in good supply with fair demand.
W\e quote XX at $6 51; low XXX 7 00i7 25 and
good X .X at 8 75; Choice XXX at $9 50; choice
family alt 50.
I'osK.--None in the market.
Bal;msaN.--In fair supply, denifand.fair. hemp
and jute at 19; per yard. N., India in market.
LAlen.-In light isupply with good demand. In
tierces 2'); in kegs 22.
II.as.-Are in light supply and demand limit
ed Canvassed are quoted @ 29e.
S.Ar.-In good saply. Liverpool coarse sells
at $9 25 per eaek. Fine 15@25a higher.
SttD GrAIN.-None but rye in market which
iaiqnoted at $1 75 per bushel.
ITox Tips.-The market is in good supply.
The arrow is held at 10 and the button at loe.
per pound.
Mot.Assas.-Searee. Choie Louisiana is be
ing sold at-; prime at 90e. per gallon. By the
ke $8110" 9 5
(oAI. Olt..-Is ingeod supply and is held at
50c. per gallon.
TonAccvo-8pply good. Good medium Is
quoted at 65e. and line bright at U0c. $l 25 per
pouind.
Corns-The supply is limited and demand
good Prime at 25 and choice as -
Rica.-No Carolina In mlarket. Louisiana Is
held at I9oe. per pound.
Cone.--Isin good supply but no demand.
SoAP.-Extra olive bar lOe.
Suosa-Lonislanalprhme is quoted at * yel-'
low olarifled a 1t#c; crushed and powderi\ a
15e.
Wamrsr.-White and Red ere held at 1 59
pergallon; Bourbon cbmmands $596 ý0per gal.
don.
SutOT.-T in good supply withl fair demand and
sold at 8J 75per sack andbacck shot at 83.
PowixR.--The supply is limited and is held
at a0e. per pound.
NEW ADVERTISRMENTS.
BUIST'S CARDEN SEED.
TUST RECEIVED direct from the grow
J or, Atfils bupply of the above cele1ra
ted seed, onion sets,,and early rose pota
toes.
Hnist's OGrden Manuals for gratuitous
distribution at
Jan 9-tf. TRICHEL & AIREY
CITY HITOTEL!
Corner CAMP and .Gnviann Streets,
NEW ORLEANS, LA.
IILfO08 ind' WATSON1 , Proptietors,
"ee.s..s
I'1i City . bill d Salooi.
ite
It1 NATCHITOCHES, LA.
t'S
S- A. KAFF"IE, Proprietor.
tilt
eIt IS hlouse is -t.neil for the re('eption,
itt t Ef 'itM, and Bring the host faIr
*Te ishid lat liinished Hall with more colt
iR.. veni'tues. it is the ri-sort of tlIi' .lite of
PS the ('ity.
A tine BUar is atta'hed to the RUlliard
'parlor.:, wl.,re the Ibest aml pt,""''.t oI
VWinets a0nd Liilnr:i, tanod the chloiictl Cii
'1ars van lit obtlaine, .
Lunth f(ur:i-hi, at all hou for a
r.eathsnial,. charge. Free Lunch every
dayt Iroot 11 A. .., to 2 P. .r.
.fan. 2.--- i v.
ne PLEASANT HILL
MALE AND FEMIALE SCHOOL.
TC 1]I'E next session of this s'jool will
I .onlcnee nit the cl',v,.tth d;it vof
.1nullary, anid Close on the first dayi of
July, 1;35.
rd TEA RP:
Primary Cla.ses per month 03.00
Class vt cantoeuin ih Latin, Geome
rnyV, Alge:bra, Rhevoric or l'hi
lohophy 4.00
Claises in Ca·esr, Virgil. Greek,
h 'Tl'rigonomettry or Surveying 5.00
Board to be had in gotod fiamilies at
le rensonablet rates. Any one wishing
tt more delinite information, will address
J. W. FOSTER, A. M.
t Jan. 2-lmi. Principal.
in C. C. CHAPLINW. '. P. CnAriLi.
a CHA.PLIN & ClIAPIrN.
A Attorneys and C(ounselors at Law.
St. Denis St., Natchitoches, La.
1iTILL pratctice in the conrts of Rap
it T iides, Grant. Witti. Sahine, I)eSoto,
3, Red River and, Natlchitoches, and the i,
i Sl)lretell C(lourti of the Stale.
Claims promptly attended to in any
part of Ihe Union. Janl 2-l1y
L C.tPARI. M. DI[ITRICI. f
al
Caspari & Diet riih,
ILacoste Tuildi;tg)
FRONT St., NATC1'iITOCIWS, La.
SCRAND opening of a NEW MA(MIOTH
FALL and WINTER STOCK, w
direct from the Ne'w Orleans and Eastern mar
kets, consisting in part of
DRY GOODS,
CLOTHING,
HATS,
BOOTS,
I SHOES,
GROCERIlS,
CROCKERY,
wARE, &e, HARD-J
LADIES AND GE:NTS'
FURNISHING GOODS. ra
th
In fact,
A full line olfGOODS for the country trade.
All of which they are nelling ast loss than NEW
ORLEANS PRItE8
FOR CASH. w
SCall and examine the largest and most comrn .f
etoestock ever brought to Ithi, market, and ch
satisfy yourselves as to their prices. no
[?' Highest price paid for Cotton and conn t,
I try produce, in cash or merchandise. e
Dec. 5-ly. .
Wi
HENRY GENIUS, a
Worker in Tin, Copper and
SHEET IRON. of
be
Corner FRONT & TRUDEAU STS.,
NATCHITOCHIIES, LA.
Also, consntlt on hland all kids of
HEATING AND COOKING STOVES
of the most laproved patterns. tor
All my stoves sold at city price and p
guaranteed to be as represented. Ib
eral advantages offered to the trade.
Also, a fine stock of Tinware, Metallic
Roofing, &c.
Gutters and pipes promptly and eare.
fully repaired.
HENRY GENIUS,
Corner Front and Trudeau 8ts., let
lal
Natchitoches, La.
Jan. 17, 1874.--Iy ba
J. W. SUDDATH. JOHN CIiAMBEIS
SUDDATH & CHAMBERS. n
Forwardios, Receiving d,
Commission Merchants,
OIANdi EcoRa, LA.
--dealess Ilt
DRY GOODS, GRocElIES, HARDWARE, lif
CUTLERY, &o. to
And a full and complete stock of general di
merchandise suited to the wants of the sea
country trade AS
Consignments of cotton and merchan- Ph
dise for shipment solicited and prdmpt- i
ly attended to.
Oct. 24-17. , ' ai,
Fal i Winter Arrang 'Jtnt.
For Grmnd Ecore, Murtgoluery, Alexiadral
' Pineville, Norman':,, ;:arbin's,
Fort Del'rsry,
And All VWay T.Lnndi<n ,
t M6 'ithe A I Ma nifirctt and 1't1
Sr.lntrnii side-wlteel pasenger
packet
BART ABLEI
ThrKPw SinoT. ' noter.
A (r'" !lAunTON,
4 T..1. ThwTT, 5 f''erk.
1ij TitL. le're Ntew Onrkans sa ryFnfturd"' :*
S t.'. 0t., rtti'tcin. laveit't ( ro;od EL: rntt
ever': T':essd;v :"' 13 )., anrd Ale,!nrilia evt'iv
Wt:W'dnsd"vy at 12 M.
t' 'ho rt e:anrr
The steamer
will itav Nerw Orleans for Grtand Eenre ant a.n
tJrtndialltte landlings enery Tci'oday at i P. r.
i T 'I' al'ra nOltinelit will continue nntil high
of waiter'' I1'er1itah IL i.A' Allm.¢ to re'su'lc1I her re
gilar trips, of which due lotice will be'given.
For freight or pass:ae .'apply on board or 'to
J L'LES E. 3.1ES1, Agent
.00
THE
.oo WEEKLY ENQUIRER,
.00 A Paper for tho People, a Friend of the
at Farmer anti ludustrial Classes,
A BIEAUTI:FTL
NEW CHRIOMO
ENTIT'IL'ED
. "Perry's Vield'y !"
Gire 1No every ' 00 Subscriber.
WI. This picture t rpresenta Com. Oliver It. eer.
rr InI the oct of passiing flromzl ouo ship to lnol t e'
in a small tpeijn boat, dtt-ritg the heat of battle,
esepowti to the fire of the enemy.
0, It Measunre 16 by .2 Ilnches,
Ito Is artistically finished in thirteen colors and is
Iun ksLhIIc ndl! the nuest des.irable throlmtu tvi er
Sofethierd ais a prenmium. Single copies of it itt" i fat
l3 t$:l Cl. 'WeIhave at a great ..ttlay t t'wr'rd thie
excluo'i'e c',ittrol anrl uno eof it, atllld thleret'ore
at're enlabled to pr)ont it to (tout putrorsa as above.
The E sI'I'uIIE still stands lpre ei.tie as a
firsta claus Newapaper. Its variousdepartluouts
allotted to
Editorials, lumonrous,
Aq ricuhltre, ]'oatrsi,
Corresptdence, Tclcrapltic
Andl General &eras.
All Civtevridneo of the care antil p:ains taken
to supply II a readers witlh all the' Inws na a
valiety o reading that cannot fitil to inter:st
e:,twh and every inothbe- of tho houwsehohl. utou.
anrilti tlurouigh out agl'nt our r seul dire'('t to ua.
eh' dtire' c au ag.-t it er' PI'uost )thice, andU
where nonet are vet appi,:-int.ld, let somei of our
fre'ndsappily ifor the agenccly.
Addrtesa
P FARAN & 'McLI'ta , Pubhl/sher,
CINtIS.ATI, O.
--820
WILL BUY A
OF THE
NEW YORK
heliuIstrial Exhibition Co.
-o- e
These Bonds are islsued for the purpose of
raising fuinds for tie ereltion of a btuilding in
the City of New York, to bi used for a C
Perpetual World's Fair
a permanent home, where gvory mnuatctufaehor
can exhibit and sell his gooila, ald ever' spa.,
t:,ntee can ahow his iuventictO: a ctntro of itt.
diatry which will iprove a vrst blenelt to the
whole coutry. e
For this p-urpose, thie Loegisilat.re of the State t
of New York h:as granted a charter to a num.
Sbearof our lmoat wealthy andl respectableo lter
Id elanutl, and these gentlome leavte purchasedl
no lesa than eight blocks of the most 'valnale t
land in the City of .New York. The kliib~liig e
to be erected will be seven stories high (15J
feeot in height), surmonuted by a tmaguilacent
dome, and will covera space of t acres. It
will be constructed of Irea, Brick and Glass,
antl mcade flre-lproof. The bonds, are all for ~*t
each, are secured by a first mortgage on the
land anid buiilgin. and for the pirpiso of mca
king theum popular, the directors have decided
I to haiv quartierly drawings of 150t,0iI0 each;i
thils money bhing the inutereat on the amount
of the whole loon.
Every botdhohler must receive atIolet (J1.00,
but he may receive
$100.000!
Or #35,000, or $10,000, or $5,000, or 63,000, &o.
-0---
EVERY BOND
pnrchased before Januazy 4th, 1875, will part!
eiplate in the
THIRD SERIE8 DRAWING,
Held Monday, January 4th, 1875.
CAPITAL PREMIUM, $100.000.
These Drawfngs take ilaee every Three
Months, and eventually Every Bond will par.
ticipate in them.
Address, for Bon4as and fall information,
MORGENTHIAU, BRUNO A CO.,
FINAnCIAL'AGEJTr,
f 23 Park Row, New York.
eost Oflce Drawer 29.
Remits by Draft on N. Y. City analts, Regis.a
terel Letter or P. O. Money Order.
SPostponements impouuible under tli
plan.
J. F. DITTRICH,
-Importer and Dealer in
RIFLES, Gl.VS Di PISTOLS,
Gun Materials, Amnnition and Cut
lery, Breech-loading double gnus, of the
latest improved paterns.
Sole a,enit for the "Bismark Double
barrel tN'edle Gnn.
A'o. 82 Chartres Street,
NEW ORLEANS, LA.
nMzzle loaders altered to Brech leadersn
Also repairing done with neatness aund
dispatch. All work warrented.
March 7-l1yv.
OBSTACLES TO MARRIAGE.
happy Relief for yoang Men fro
the e.1fets of ~rros and Ab'se's in earl.
life. Manhbood Restored, Inpedimnteu
to Marriage removed. New method o
treatment. New and remarkalble remn
dies. Books and Circulars sent free, i
sealed envelops. Address, IHOWVAR
ASSOCIATION, No. 2 South Ninth St,
Philadelphip, Pa., an Institution havin
a high reputation. br honorable condu t
anud profeswional skill.
The Saturday Evening Post.
Te'le Oldest vud J14't Story Paper Pub
liheId.
Founded Augt 4, A. D. 1521.
m"*or mlore than haltl a century thei
Sa'aurdlay:v Fc:'i t lia. !:ea n ts tho
Gl.l1' ;:i Y '
or f ihli CouInt t", ;d h 11 ever h'orne a
whl,'Ipread aii'd u1l, mish41 d!tl reput:tal0ion
f|l=. thi l tºtcur'asslntl trity. rleh ;in.nt
stlol e'xc,: h' e I:tf th,' ,erials. . ktchs
and M is, ', liw; 414u r,.adi;tg matter.
It i: pr.--llinernt iy
, The B3es F:unily Paper'
" th:'t is piuhlished in l ii , iunlttry, from its n
Seve: ',tamng AnDitS , that w.,u[Ld
h us'd o th, it:tvii, l c , t 'rit.y o fe, ilhr ina
Ia if tious or ili livl 'I'I:Is. o,. r 1ti.t
llug l nJo.t hit, rea, t :ai lt' hrlit, it h i t.lll
i otent'ioi f", ntithe it t fI.ti hittcl i, ts.
iv l'lh l e irr tion o f til N:)Iail]r, ud will º v '
ilto ]oustl, 1hlitua! le ,t qW ite .,'1 a ittr.d
I} irhap ~i, its , ,n ttoIr e attrtimlora ;, "C
. I! not,, like that of s,, . of the ,l:, 1:1ctl
Satin, ad nd too ofitn short-lived, but1441IL
u SItE, SOLID AND y it:wTANTIAL,
bnlssed ultito the ilt irn'ic t;erit,of the pa
per itseif ailnd not delfe ,nd)4,t oni aty e x
traieiut's i)llt tiu,,sl, º eVb u as the pptlari
ty of intldividiual writers, (e.
Gotilll , howev rit, as the caturday Elve)n.
ing Pst hlts been in th,; past, it is our
intention to make 'it still better inu the
future, anld with this object in view we
will eth-et a marked imhlirovement in eve-t
ry departme. u of tih ) paper, and will
call to our ssista wt uhsribers: ofadittd t
ability ani known relputatiuon.
ly wecreasig its tOrmer attraetions, c
and a1i" g manly judicions and pleas- A
iTo novelt ie, by stdying howtI to a lea os
creasing iuhtictrv and enlterpri se, a by n
enlargd Ie aclait ijs, wet hope to make new o
friends with ear.h and every issue, a:li
,ontinue to maintain the claim of the e
a:ttuday E.vening lst to, its titleof Tn:
(LIENT AND THIE iar7 lf Fallnity Storye,
Papers.
Terms to Subscribers:
Oats year I copy O:l,0 l -t month 2.5
" 2 collies 5.00 Two nmnths 5i0
" 4 copies 10. 00 Three 1oo. 7i5 0l
" 9 0opies 20.00 Four m1 I 0tt
To any one sending St)0 for a Cink of l'
, an additional copy will he sent FREI;. it
Specinen collies can he hall ou apli- ti
tion. ,'e. E mplop y noT'ra'eling Agents. I
11 co)tnunieatio,)M n m.t be ad(dressed to a
R. J. C. WALKER, Propietor, 111
727 Walnuf Street,
I'll .... "'o . .. ]b;
WHIIY YOU SHIOULD TAKE
HE CINICINRATI ENQUIRER.
It is the People's paper, devoted to
Sheir interests and welatre.
It is .nt imparti:al friend to all men and
eansures that benefit the country.
It is the emeney of all men and meas
Srcs that seek only peirsonal ~i.u at the
I tlpens of the counltry' weltrse.
Its editorial colanus are for the espe
cial pitposet of exposing the frauds of
oveir'llll-ltn t o'lcials, arid laws conched
i It :angttge caleulatsld to de(eCve the ut
-rstaudiing, and m:iko plain to its read
es the Imtives, auses and effects of
eneral and special legislative acts.
I Its news colhimn4 ciut ,il til h latest
rqews antt iatelllgene that can i,D outain
el from the .four quarters of the globe,
y means of the telegraph, mails and
crrlespLondce. -
Its agricultural cobimns are the best
a4lapted to the wants of 1arners, all of
rr hom are invited to give their expeti
o ace and results of new ideas and ex
Seriments of all kinds of improvements
ce tilated to advance the tirmiung il
One issue of the Enquirer contains
ore solid information annd intelligence,
t tan can be had from fifty of the so call
el literary papers. None can lay aside
t e Enquirer without admitting a vail
ide addition to his or her stock of kno tl
ige.
Its market reports have for years been
3knowledged as the mlost conmplete andt
liable published, and of great value to
,tok Dealers, Producers and Trades
t en generally.
It has delpa tments and reading for the
ild and the young. For the family Eir
e and the counting houise-For the imer
hlit and mechanic-For the father lland
ock dealer, and for ladies and gentle
en of every calling and station in life.
Its terms are low as any first class pra
Ier can he printed for, a:ld the quality
nd quantity of reading mlatter used not
xcelled by any other paper.
Try it for this year. A Chrome for
avery $2.00 Subscriber. Send your sub
ription direct to the office.
HIVATE BOARDlNIG HOUSE,
" -DB-
F. M. HARTM AN,
Trudeau Street, NATrcITOcuIls, La.
OARD furnished by the single meal, day
week or month. ]Iates as low as the lowest
nd fare the best the market asordla.
Dec. 5-3m.
Important Notice.
IUBlSCRIBERS to the Onax ECORU
1 AND Nsw OnLIANS PlOPLE'S LINK
PACKET COMPANY, are hereby notified
that the first Instalment of the amount
subscribed (25 per cent on each share) is
inow due. They are respectfuHy invi
ted to come forward and settle at once
their indebtedness.
By order of the Directors,
L. DUJPLEIX,
Nov. t:.-tf. Agent.
W EEKLY Friday Packet.
For Grand eore, Montgomery, onfth of teso
JRiver. Ale-aundria, Norman's Bar
bin's and all way landings
on I:1d Rirer,
The Al and very lightdriaght
passenger steamer
PFLETA.
J. C. Milrrcunat, Master. Jas. L. Robitn, Clerk.
T TEAVES New Orleans every Tuesday at S P.
1. ., arriring at Grand Etire every Friday
at x. Theb IETA will be replaced by a larg
er boat when navigation permits.
IWill nake close conneetioun at the allh do·.
rilg extrenme low water with the light draught
steamer Ida Len. PasIaengers can be assuredl
that they will he put tihrough withonut deteR
tioes ?ini ahippers w!ill bear it tuind that fruight
t will be promptly deliyered as in high water
For freight or P·mge apply on boar4 r
A'. fl rhia s fir I4n~i~v4-$ec1 Yý4, v
AnIlluastrOted ?,Monthlly j,)::rn:2i, u:iv.:
ly admittedl to be the "n :cmt P'
riodical in the W.ethi. A ..epv.
sentative anld ('havi;i: e'
E A L ICNE ie a) ',tiea w.
r*,ularity. 11s 15one of the tempe':;
time~i' l itete'st (thur-awt" ri :tie eof are
1.'1l d*uijc:i. It i an 4ll glt ni>'
of?). "ligh' t an' ,grae, :ui literit'r!.
a celc'tin I f piuture+. On rarest* "
1-"',. 1 f arti:..;ic skill. iii thi,, k aund •
A. oiluelh /! t.'h s .'rvet:n;in, , mak r 7 cc li,
a. fl:' º pla,4 u1r'e to i'. i'li i:t:-, th'
v:'Ihi :1od1 hait,' cf the ,A .t'!N.,; wiv .
mi Us pp'cit'ld aft. r it h]j t ,i .u,
up at tin closes of thlt' yr::r. WVhilt .i
4!.,: l'e'il . i. it i ,. I }itt) "b.il'!lP:i ,' ,
eu A ipare ,l w ith r l'. s oi f a si) ) il:'r' , : .
ilth .III is 1 unaiil e au ,n'ir il,.I t
I4.i'jtion-- aji0 '1 i uI, 414'n.4'rc hi( a(1
tr!.ite --;iý q w~ h i' d. (" llnittll.Ill'! i'n~l- 1%:.. ,
hat'ly with~ed comipetition it 1'::'"
clllara'rer. Th'ie |os4sMso(r of i col
1'4 olumltt c;'niio4t dEplial:te ithe ql.l:e'
fine rpape:r i11 Ung,'ira. tg in ato
4l aie or onfl.iber IAfVo44ln.; tr .fr
I t eo4t: asur thent, tht re ae the Cr '
besid's !
ART DIP.ART N'' :TT., -,..;
The ilhtlitratlonis of th:, ' .A .
won a worl1-)widte r4putallOi, i : ,.
art entres of 41,ope it ;:., a!
that its wood cuts are V :i . e er : -
Ct/llnn oil " ltejudice., in'. f'v"r' of' ?. ,,
hs rapidly yih!kling to I, o',c , d,
IiMCl iiItIMi fj' lt l a.i)~e ii ,'t l 1 '
dt 'aVgrih!4 anti saperior it'..,i ,.
1with greater th'iility 4of prolu'ti
wood-cuts of the AI.INttE 1,)ss'e- -
d liiaiy ' d f l :tIalho'rale tii-ih "
costly st4.1 platte, whilt h,:1. "
ter re:lderittng of the anij.t', ('ris':'
''o furlly ealizitl e wo't'dert.
Which the Ahliile is doinig for th..
art culture' in Amiriha. it is i.,:
sery 1to 'o4isid(er the ct',t to) h,,,
any other dec'ent rep-eltta, .
productions of great riiiti .'I .
In ahlihlitiol to desigus by tle :.
of tho National Acadhelnly ttnd 1 .. :
Amier'ican artists, the Altdiai+ '
(trace (: -;aln e's of the lst ,r,. ,'
selected with a view to she i.,, .
tie s'ueess ; antil greatit., gtrlt,
'Thuis the ulbscr'iluer to the Al:'.,
a trilitlg cost, enjoy in his own i .
plehasures and refining infllouc:- 7
art.
The quarterly tinted plates for 1
be by Thos. Moran and .I. D. W,,,," •.
Thie Cilistnwas issue f, ,i' L ,i,
tain special diesigns 717a1Iop'riat, t."
s'itsIon, by our best, arti5ts, an11 wilE
pa a in attractions ltiy of its pr)'a!,ec-,
PrenmiuiUs for 1874.
Every subseriber to the Aldine for :
wil recetive a pair of chromlos. Th(.
iual pictuiresi were palintte51 in oil for :
Imulishers of the Aldinie, by Thomas
r1al, Whose great Colorado picture "
purchased by Congress for teu thous..
Idollars. Thei subjects were chosen to i,
rresent ' The East" and "[The West."
is a view of the White Mountaiiti. N,
Hampshire; the other gives the cli.
Green River, Wyominig Territory. '
dilference in the nature of the seek;
tihemselves is a pleasing coitrast. ' '.
fords a good display of the artist's si
and coloring. The chlirolosai; each wit:
edl from thirty distinct plates, anid are
siz, (12 by 16) and appearance exact tI'.
siniles of tie originalsd. The rtentat:"
of a worthy example of Aiterica's great .
landscape painter to the suibscrihtnrof t
Ahldite Was a bold but peculiarly ht,'.
idea, aind its silceesstil realizat ion i. :'
tested by the ftllowinig testimnl'd, o.
the signature of Mr. Mosihll hhiiself:
Newark, N..J., 8epLt- J0, 1973.
Messrs. James Sutton & Co.,
Gentlemnen--I am ielighted with th
proold in color of -omir chii'tao . 'hey .
wonderiilly ucc&.sfil representatiohs '.
mechanical lproce4s of I lie iriginal ha' 'I
inns. Very lespectfully,
.TO.MAs MfOJIAN.
Theeo chromos are in every I4eIlse AŽm""
iean. They are by an original Ameria:
process, with materials of American n's.
Iifaeture, from designs of Aierieai ce:'
l'" by an American painter, and pris&'ii te-:
to subscribers to the tlrst successful A'rr
Journal. If no letter because of all thi".
they will certaitly possess an intterest i,4
fireigii production can inspire, and noitb,'
are they any the worse if by reason of 1e
muliar lacilities of pirodulct, ion they (< ,
the pnplishers only a trille, while EQL'Ah
in every respect to other ehronios that ar,;
sold singly for D)OUMLE the subscril)pti,))
pri,.tof t,'he ALzIN. Persns of tcst.,
will prize these pitn'res. for themselves' -
not for the price they dui or did not eoi.,
aiid will uptireciate the eitterptgie that.
renders their distribhtion possible.
If anty suibscrib'r should indicate a 1r,
ference for a figure sub~ject, the publisher.
will send "Thoughttef Home." atew at, ,
heautiful ehr, m.o, 14 by 20 inches, rm'j
senting a little Italian exile, whose spe '.
ing eyes betray the longings of his hi:r''
TERMS:
S5 per lAain in Advanre, with C'hrcm
For 50('ents Extra, the chromo. wii'
elit mlounted, varnished autti prepai .
mail.
The AxDN will hereafter le ooh,
only by subwrsption. Tlerae wi..
redheued or club rate; cash fthr u0
,iollbe mullst be sent to the uiblisi.her.
or handed to the lou-al camnvasr. w
responsibility to thlt' p)Ii)li.'erb , o,.
cases where the certificate is gir:,. ..
ing the fac-simile sigmnture of the ;'"
e'rs
CANVASSEIIs WANTED.--Any peir.: ."
wishes to act permanently as a h1 .
:asser, will receive fill adl lUI'i4:i,
fomanition by aplllyihg to
. JIAES MUTTOI & Co., Publhh, ".
68 Maiden Lane, NEW Y'..
PEOPLE'S Lit.
REGIUL AI Alexanrie
Grand Evcore Low Water .4(:' :
For Grasd Ecore, Montgomery, Mont, lh ,
J ilver, Aleuadria, N'orman', 1ahrbiii,
and all way landia;ls on. Retd
Idver.
The Al cxtreme ligh3
draught passeigc.r steaf,:,'
GARRY OWEN,
JOHN HEJNN, Master.
WM. CULB1EIT.ON, C",A.
W ETILL leave New Orleans overy s" -
' day, and arrive a xmland Eot ",*
ry Sunday.
For freight or paasa~g apply em boerd
Oc. I1.-tf.