Pr
LAWYEPS.
S IAPI\t, TCF Ii ,(tET, ' 1' (IIfAP
CQ IfA'ig DRAsNGUET & CHAPLIN u
ATTORNEYS AT LAW,
St. Denis street, Natchlitochs, La.
Prat icein the District courts of Natfhito
tile s. Sibi ne, DeSoto and Redl l iver, ane ill thn "
*iinpre .e Court of the State.
ILIMII. JACK
(Successor to Jack & Pierson.)
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW
NIatcbitoches, La.
SWill practice in the courts of Natchvtoch9e
Sabine, DeSoto Red River, \Vina Rapides sut,
rant, and in the Supreme Court of the Stt.
Clams promptly attended to.
J, H B r JJ C>J.ý'NINGRAM. -
ATTORNEYS Al' LAW,
' "St. Denis street, Natchitoches. La
al give prompt and personal attention to
il bthnee entirustoud to their care. Practices
in the District and Parish court. in the par
ishes of Ntchitochees, Red hired ireSuto tnd
Sabine and before the Suprenie Court at Mon.
roe ant New Orleans r
WM. Y. LEVI. y*AN'IC. v.AC '(LI.
LEVY & SCARBOROUGH,.
S(Office in the Lacoate etilding-Up stairs,
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
Natchitoches, La.
Having associatel theselves, Will practiet
in the parish and Seveuteenth Jutdicial LDistrict
courts; also inthe parishes et' t iull and Grant.
Supreme Court of Louisiana, cllite States Disn
trict and Circuit courts, of LoujisaIna, and United
S States Court of Claims at tWashingl n.
31A GISi'1,A [LES.
4NJOHN M TUCKER,
Magistrate Ward ,
D RS POWELL & GALLION.
Have associated themselves in the practice
of medicine and surgery. Office on St, Dexia,
street, Natchitoches, La.
G.$ GILLESPIE,
PRACTICAL PHYSICIAN,
S aleshtoches, La., (Offihe in Lacoste uit lding.
Up stairs.)
WATCHMAKERS
JA51Et T KING,
Practical
WATCHMAKER AND JEWELER.
Watches, clockas and jcwelry carefully re
patu-ed andi warraut,,u, nm..nuurd tlune t 1 pt
Watches set ani re.ulated sive of thatrge A
fne lot of watches and cia fo otr sale lchena.
Oe on St. Deais stroet botwern 4ecoua an
Tbitd.
------- -------
ARCHITCEITS.
JHLEY & SON,
ARCHITECTS, CARPENTERS AND
JOINERS.
Estimat des for buildings promptly
ARCHITECTS8, ,CARPENTERS AND
JOINERS S
Estibmates for buildings promptly furnished
BARBERS.
0ZORt3z DUNCA,c~
FASHIONABLE BARBER AND HAIR
CUTTER.
St Deals street, -- - . Natchitoche
BOA RDINGHOVSES ,
M ES EUGENIJE ALLUIN'S
PRIVATE BOARDING AND LODGING, J
-at
ME. HUGH M'KENNA'5 OLD STAND,
Coruer Sibley and Third streets.
TA IL QRS.
FASHIONABLE TAILOR AND CUTTER,
Front satreet.
BRICK LAYERS.
JosP c KEYSER.
BRICKMAKER AND LAYER. N
Is prepared to do all work entrasted to his
in awerknianlikenasanaer. Tombs chimneys,
cisterns, and other Work alotted.' Orders lefi
at Ballard & Campbell will e prraoptly attend.
ed to.
DRY GOODS, BTO.
OHN C TRICHELL,
Dealer ifl
DRY GOODS, GROCERIFt, ETC., ETC.,
Washington strets.
J0hN GXNOA,
Dealer in
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES,ETC., ETC.,
Washington street, Natehti*,ies, La.
Dealer Ia
DRY GOODS, GROCERIE8, A'D., ETC.,
Frout street, Natohltoche..La.
DBT OOOD%4 TGONfS. SBdgs, HATS
Lower tihan evet at
J. A. DU(ORNE A1J',
-atchitochee, La.
ADAHQHM'KNB ' OODARDN
FANCY GROCERIEA, 8KY.IIOCKET8
AND FIEECRA4KE1IS,
Coer Seoonad Sad Non staet, in theCoulne
... 298
JTWILL PAY YOU e
To buy your SEE
P GOODS, BOO'I, 8H S HATS,
Ladle, D tregs God,
L. CB C LE ,*VS ,
* .. aw4 r..* ehu, Z4 e
Deslerl a c On E
id t(.
AR ODS IC
V C(APLIp
iat hiti g
d it the
II.)
T LAW L
bitoches
idW an" HOLESALE DEALERS
Cstatg..
.a"
ition to
ractices
he pal
Ito and A
It Mon.
It(OUCII.
itairs;
wh
W1
W"ractice
)itirict on
e,4 Dim. eraD
L 'ited e
ERNth
E Oat
G PRO- GIN
- t +ý ý cult
GDUCE.I Sf~D nu I
dimi
Cu111
tice of t]
Iellic a she
on tl
IOUn"
GENERAL COMMISSION inhal
who
ug- d i-ut
tablk
"acrtti
"tiett.
Jazu
COU lul.
pr~enet
I UIIa
MERCHANTS "
lap. tioe 1h
al'u the eel
ville, a
aund to
ludiau
'D Nos. 20, 21 and 22 Levee street, I dhot t
and re
mnouthi
Ster Nett
northw
known
D Stifll at
SIIREVEPR, LA Naogd
early e
fear of1
I~in
~Ce~the
144
LA
-IN- 4 way
nary, 1711
fonading
early by
NORTHLA., 9Missions
almost at
which are
Jan. 29, 17
Adayes, ai
founded b:
And hSfelncChbfully of Mexico;
Order of Rl
tomark th
spot. The
the past;
grounds ar
scendentso
COMPE ED tered fromiI
of their pio
of 8paniah
Pierre. As
settlement (
in a village
some three
-WITH- Adiae as no'
lost the title
since scattei
These earl
proved Upoh
1818, zp sett
ang e, d bee ms
IVB8T RN\ fjJ~j the small ire
WBSTRN d~l~ ·Iknown as Aa
8ALOdy i mily setti
ine, on the
Texase. We 1
298....SALOO .2..9.2 ea**yvi*tso
Sin the obaraol
THE POPULAR 8 lSORT. and the eetmle
BEST WINE8 AND tarypost. th
O088 into a Inw, at
-and- ry with a
enOICE FLAVORED *telO$f ent.
r ~the .bo4ri
Always at the ba
J. SMITH, tot, , V
2 t 1ahtili
f Vsmm. .elabMy on bi Wkt6I9
84 8, W ,hiC
I? LOUR DEKERON
/'i '~b·::': 'i
-t
Y~ ,·
" HITORY OUF M TJ~lfir;lEll,:
IIY Sl IIIT I, MIS.
Looking Back Into the Dim Vista oft
ByGono Days - Its Tradition I
ERS and People-Old Ruins, Re. C
collections and Rel. ri
les - Highway i
Robbers. fi
bi
A NEWSPAPER WRANGLE. Be
CO
Si
Scarcely a stranger arrives hero but Bo
who inquires "Isn't this a veryold place?" mie
Whether this be from its buildings, fash- me
ioned after the by-gone century, its nar- au,
r row streets and listless dreamy air gen- ar
1II erally, or from the vague idea pervading Sal
the travelers' minds that they remember fro:
o Natchitoches in their reading of James- Th
Itown, Va., on the Spanish invasion of an
M exico-we cannot say; yet, hundreds of af
R times have we heard the inquiry. We so
can nswer; it is a very, very old town Con
If D u'sn theory of the reproductive T
systenm be true, then the date of the tion
toundation of our city is lost in the dii
diu viSita of by-gone ages. Robert the
Chavelier LaSalle, traversing this portion dlivi
of the continent early in 1685, and but The
a short time before his death, discovered of tI
on this spot a flourishing village, sur- acce
rounded by orchards and fields of maize, n1825,
DN inhabited by a peaceful tribe of red men!
who called themsaelves the acatohe1e In The
dians. Thirty years later. the indomi- via
table, hardy French took possession, and ta 1
S"settled" the present city. This was in tifte
January, 177, that the voyageurs under Nacl
conujaild of M. do LaMotte founded the Thi
present city of NatLhitoehes upon the Pierr
S u ns of that Inuian village. Ienri 1
At an elallicr period, however this see- withi,
tion had, it seems, much attraction for rrht
the oeuly piouneer. Laliarpe tells us that thbe t p
in Mlay, 170U, Bienvie, by order of Iber- Settle
ville, ascended Red river to Natchitohes, then c
and lound the Nacatoache and Yataase dians.
ludiaus in possession of the country. A by the
't, short tune afr.erwards St. Denuis followed, !mdian
and remained with his expedition six with it
months in the Yatassee village; the lat- smith.
ter settlement was situated forty miles fifteen
northwest of this city in what was then city of
known as the "Bayou Pierro Country." Fromn
Still later, in September, 1714, St. Denis siderab
arrived at the village of Assinaye, now "Allen'
* Nacogdoches, Texase. I seems that these year, th
early expeditio prompted by. a ish of C
fear of Spanis eneroachamon a thF The t
F h domie toe
16F
aRy, 1,17; ol
m,.1-an of or'-·eoeopreo . re
Misshons t~pesisg~an h Epang up Doingh4
almst t te sme ime th sies f 148,the i ]~
nary, 717; e mowobat earlier than the
founding of New Orleans, and, iet as
early byiexactly tbirteve years th Phil- ier being
adeiphia, to the date of which settlenent of Claibof
many of o;r people compAre of whatrcmn
Od Miseions and e uorches sprong pn Dhring
almost at the same time; the sites of 1848, ther
which aTe nob not even to be fonad. On liahed, fr
Jan. 29, 1717, the Mission of St. Michel, a Ntedhitoc]
Adaye, nine wiles west of this, wasd al e ter
foundet by ohder of Linqres, then viceroy east o
of Merico; by F ather an ugstine, of the or'ctehi m
Ordereof romlets. p ot astone remains atothe a
to mark the birth of aivilization on that o thr, wrs
spot. The Laboiginal ihebanist o arof of another
the past; their homes andshunting ofRed oml
grounds are tiled farms, whleo ofdthe de- em portiou
scendents of their conquerors, -the Span-I yule, and
iards, I et few emain, ]Id they are scat- of' Natchit
tered from the places of the settlement accompanil
of their pioneer fathers along the shores lation, brit
of Spanish Lake amdthe banks of Bayo. u triomnal pt
Pierre. Alate, horwever,as 1854, a lages error uii t.
settlement of them retained their homes pwas aciozn
in a village kIownm "S1panish' Town," Ira theyez
some three mileg beyond Adayes or totaldpopul
dies as now writtea; I n that year they tocher was
loste te titles to their lands, and have intheelegis
since risatered, no h ne knows where. tution of 11
Theserlysettlem entoe pwere not im represmntati
pryoed tpo l, for we find that as late as the Auditor
i1o nseettlemente of Cpiviliced people populatpio
ad ben . mde west of daes, except and represe
the small prehdo of NaCOtgdsoh formerly I the oppint
*. kInown as Assinay.. In 1816, one white and thirteeu
£tmiiyemrtlal~ the crossingofthe Sab- be added, t
~e, on the readt-from Natehitoches to suf r.ageof8
Texs. Welearn fromwa tis, that these
41abyo them ..
Searly vialte of $l wh'ite men were more
in the oharacter of mi~salayepd itious 43J~ may ju
and the ,eftllemente mere preperly rnzln.
tarypests than the advent of pioneers
into amw, strangp and prOductv, coun- The~popula
ry wit a view to its cvlization and embS~aee4 h]
eltm t Indeedifwe except the
thCathohibcfatherstoe christlin- Naboitioehsb
the ~boaRigiua inhabitants, we find CrldQg
1b$e them. - ylh.
1th tn f oq.T~tll~P
ahotI oee 4 k Total ~p iy
bi . kasesl a ban. This Shws
o'f, tb ·.c -j~ Ih m tion ~ R1j
puzehais.L~iS
tha-~"~~~'-s ~ ·Cg`
'4
li nlo iio co tlit h dt crijtio ian Idt.:ius that itl
n 1ista of should '(lllpred(I, ih Parish ol S
t l l l i I n l l s s t l : I . : , l . " , u l % , " ",
in Vista of soil 'cupoevndte ltihoft
rradition 'Francis," which wias the ianniai of the
a, Re- Catholic Church, at the Post of Natchito
el. ches. By various acts pirssed by the ter.
ritorial and state legislatures, the bound
aries of the county of Natchitoches were
fixed as follows: Bounded on the north
by the 33d degree of north latitude, on
the south by a line intersecting the Red
river, at the confluence of the Rigolet de
ANGLE. Bondien, and running southwest to the
corner of the county of Opelousas, on
Sabine river, on the east by a line comn
Iencing at the mouth of the Rigolet de
s hero but Bonlieu, and running northeast to the
old place?" mouth of the Dugdemona, up the Dugde
iugs, fash- mIouna to the west line of range four, west.
y, its nar- and thence north to the northern bound
air gen- ary of the State, and on the west by the
pervading Sabine river and the line running north
remember from the 32d degree of north latitude.
of James- These boundaries giving to the county
vasion of an area of about 120 miles in length, by
audreds of 70 in breadth; a vast "terra incognita,"
niry. We somewhat larger than the two States of
old town Connecticut and Rhode island together.
roductive The adoption of the Federal Constitu
to of the tion of 1812, made no change in the civil
t in the divisions of the State, except to increas
Robert the number of counties to fourteen, by
is portion dividing the county of Orleans into three.
and but The first enumeration of the inhabitants
iscovered of the county of Natchitoches, to which 0
age, sur- access can readily be had, was taken in 1
of mallize, 1825. The total population, at that time,
red ien! was 6612. of whom 2872 were slaves.
tosehi in The settlements were limited to the allu
indolui- vial lands of Red river, extending fromt
siou, and the lower line of the county, to about
s was in fifteen or twenty miles above the Post of
8 under Natchitoches.
aded the There was a small settiement at Bayou
pon the Pierre, within the present limits of the
paIrish of DeSoto; and a considerehle one
his see- within what is now the parish of Claib
io or orne, called "Allen's Settlement." All
us that that portion north of the "Bayou Pierre
f ober- Settlement," and west of Red river, was
itohees, then occupied by the Caddo tribe of In.
'ataase dians. The only white persons permitted
try. A by the government to reside within the
unwed, !tdian territory, were the Indian agent
,u six with his family, the interpreter, and gun
e lat- smith. The agency was situated about
miles fifteen or twenty miles below the present
then city of Shreveport.
ntry." From 1825 to 1'28 there was a very con
Denis niderable accession of population at
e, now "Allen's Settlement," and in the latter
these year, the legislature established the par.
by. a ish of Claiborne.
>, the The treaty of 1835, between the United
and the Cafdo tribe of Indis
axnga hedt hladian title to all the
U06 a wldc!.apa ohad previously occu
hugoý ý of the old county
' eceive its' pr(sent
us populationjaad
·· .t~bs treaty of 1835, the 'u
urveyed, and the
red by the T~nited g
a the Land Office ?
'839, brought into i
h and .anoccupied
orthweatern portion
4 is1848, the population '
-p- -out- had in
seItent as to require
nf thre, new parishes, and
he a eesaion of the legietalure,
the o p are s of Sabine, Bossier and De z?
a as Soto were organized. .The parish of Bos
?hil- sier being taken from the western portion
oent of Claiborne, Sahine and De 8oto from .r
what remained of Natchitocbh.
up During the session of the leglslature of
of 1848, the parish of Bienville was estab
On lished, from the southern portion of
a1, a Natchitochee;and in the session of 1851,
was all the territory south of Blenville and
roy east of the Rigolet de; Bodoien wus
the erected into the pariah of Wiun.
Ain t A the session of 1868 the legislature
hat there was an application for the creation
iof of another porish, to be called the parish
lng of Red rivei-, to be taken fom the south.
do emn portion of De Soto, Caddo, and Bien.
n- yville, and froni the hortheastern portion
at- of' Natchiteches. The application was
mnt accompanied with a census of the popu
res lition, bringing them within the consti
on tutional provision, but failed from an cauI
ge error in the previous legislation, but During ii
es was accomplished in 1870 or 1871. tinguished i
," In the year 1825, is stated above, t4e* from what
or total population of the county of Natohi- flush times,
sy toches was 6612, with a representation ind those u
ve in the legislature limited by the consti. not iniepari
tution of 1812, to one senator and tdo life in Natel
s. representativee* By the offcial repori of conld wish
so the Auditor of the 8tate, the aggregate is acharm i
le population in 1858, amounted to 83,387 which it
it and represented tn the legislature, under om the
y the ,pboiyhueise1859, by ibursnators the time,
0 and thirteen repreentgatieiy, and it may 135 the
,- be added, that they Tarirelected on the was America
o eutfrage of 8384 vote' a sprinklin
0 From the above brief eetement it will Th people
B be seen that the'p14 county of Natchitoi.. 1 nd has
" ches, mayjustly claim to be denomina aimeregines
Sted "Te Mother of Pua . the 8pealsi
aThe populatisi of the parishes formerly frplefahers
emlrae4 inuNatchitoohl was, in 1870, as baila, ]Bpana
frollee.
* solloheis.-*--*-----.-....-18,1 Altheugh,
Claihorue,.---------2i tl ' ort
S .. .................. 1e,8o as neea
A ............................;.6 10
........... ....... . . .. ....,"' -
.........e........ o ia r
This shows am ' t popsilats
" ·l~atht.esv~srif. 188 sp 34 Sietsutas t5
qlri~SiPP~jata~~n~~rdr ii cent.b8l
tioi a~a~ais *8~ti
IR.$I*·IdIQ~ In O9Dnsedferi
0 41 ithiii
0 i 'It ii ued l\ ta l -' ý
h n. that it=
i of ,S(.
flunle of the
tof Natchito- °- o -r a
ed by the ter', U W t
s, the bound- t
c ý, c
litoches were I ~ C r -
on the north is w w a' r
latitude, on 1
ing the Red m
e Rigolet de e . s
meat to the tl
)elousas, on h i
aline coin- th
Rigolet de * °§$lcf9be
east to the po
the Dugde- ° il
Sfour, west. mi
beru bound- " c I pu
rest by the c w ori grr
niug north riv
h latitude.
Cl-' I~cio - O~~ -
the county m U [ of
length, by tra
c incognita," ' Lj
States of c ''N her
1 together. peo
I Constitu. Stal
in the civil in b
o increas We
Irteen, by e o m n goot
into three. The
alnoco- r ,st
ihabitants ? o - m tT .New
-r ©O b Q
,t to which e
taken in a : boat
that time, e,
re slaves. dp -wýww! ý unl
the allu l
Liug from i sil
to about m j , meat
Io Post of tobac
'ti ~ ~ f'iii;_ý ý ctic
at Bayou aa e
a of the ci l l
leb one aconUi
of Claib- A I
t." All * i' two
SPierre 8 .5, '
rer, was cur
I ofin. New
0 00 00E
srmitted w then
thin the w b an
0. ,sg
1 agent othi fa
ad gun- contri
d about trade c
present ,
ý ý "' ý . w c p ,ýICln O u r
cry con- ()uro
on at those b
latter evorwh
he par. ro o tO Loniar
United fond lo
to V OD W OD flme~
a~~ cured cC7
2dians, ý 1 Pierre
11 the $ modern
Dcoa- vation c
onnty duce tw4
resent
Tnited the sugai
SOf tee th rat~e <
into - c very Sr
rio well ulti
maion M °h vatio: w
r1 .in- arpe - I
quire , "Given
i, aud 1815.
Boa- =
rtioun with sevea
from plantere I
ire of .n ni plant as ii
itab lbaotq cultivated
i of Ized itself
151, Ities ofe ol
and gumO@ rive.r~ sccnrla,
was I three-four
dbruh I fiv arpe
tore o sar
tion to conleic
irish O I -- I hadssj
uth- 8 j w apentof00
ie ance Iplas
'ion about9,oa
sati- I £ besidesab
an cIL&IrcmazsRTca or PEoPLE. imperfectil
but During its Palmy days, which are dien
tinguished in the settlement of a country arpents no:
t14e from what is generally designated ation of
shl- flush times, by an absence of rowdyism river with
ion and those wild sports incidental to, if which take
sti. not Inseparable with, pioneer existe - fpot ils p
Wlo life in N~atchitcches was all that man afecitig v
Sof could wish-and even to this day there the nei¶ghb4]
ites a charm in its society that p ' 1m"
gy which it astonishes the *tranger above Orle
ler from the fast world without. t a very hh h
,ra the tine, preceding and succeed- Upon 4 o
ay ing the purchase, our population o ar
he was American, French and iBpbnish, with etc Some
a sprinkling of Indian blood . in many. prospdoes of
Tl The people were fond of balls' ad' par- the rot wil
ties5 and having.elpsrienced the succes, thin! year, a
sive regimes of the tFrech, that iI
a* the Speaish, ad the Amerleang, the son, buat ver
terpelchoresa muse has delighted our severe and n
IY forefathers with war dances, French but I caloula
blls Spanish tandangoes, and American neSason.
of cane willt
I~ Although, Yatcbitocheq was once a lug our fall1a
iOnnftt of 41~eS
sh*oatir tow o," and here could be me ea
mea free almost all nations, and men maa5nacturu
Sira as ued be' The was a lack whebU as
o aibwmte rodla whe nndi.Ior, than t
of ieeand greater elviliz.d Ccuaios
. n, It seents that the p . easier ra
othe and dluinetire marks of the ds*.. than the ootth
1ireash e )eradhded to soch ank
'tsotails atwdtstq lkyheekthboo).d. bse ssg Red
abtimt3 Milngs which e to culstvaigoo
ugigmtanterB a Mlad. muco ale vali
DXamtsi~v
NA~L Q O33 3 0J ej AIR lIODUflox
Qfoa
5,'R
Strange as it. ii:l sce, it i nveril thms
true. lThe ll an AII tonii Trace," the
lt%11,tau.1l n~vI, JOIVO, iii lililesgre.iic
lp' ti ies- t InI ourl b~ovliootl days it
a 01 Wrdt W\attdei· downl sotito Wecll
Tni-n rked j'Iti.titol f th~is old "tfrace,"r and
I imagine the feelings, looks sad habits of
those early people whio passed thalong its
route. Our ear~liest recollectiotis are filled
Swith the Wronilerfu~l stories of' the silver
Sofre, its vast quatnuities, no ked trains of
est f the stris, ich used to pass ovw, er
this trace to N tcitoches l e en on mules; -
° oe am ole yIts rlccp cols
O ltuny hill aundreds bale, win each theraii. Icont
Sthose d nays, i trwditionary legend can 0
be relied upon, it. flu our boyhood dsber, whodit
ws ounced dont ton these down some wellt
marked portun of this old "trace,,' and
Smines of wealth.ings, looks and habits of i
those early people who passed along its
route. Our earliest recollections are tilled
wit puhug the wonderful stories of trade was ilvery
o great, its ast quand from it large fortue were d- i
ofthis trace to Natchitoches, sa s: "The Spanish; in
many hundreds being in each train. In
trade for a cosidef trable ditionary legend can the in
bhere; lied upoit is they gad robbers, who
pounced down upon these cavalcades of to
eopsilver, loadedig to, and returni captured whole fa
cimines of wealth. There can be no dis
puting the fact that fromthrade was chiery noi
inbars of silver, and horses and mules. dnl
gre send frthem it large fortunes weIaufacture de- in
A writer, fifty years ago, in speaking TI
goods, grNatchitocries, sayspiri: "The Spanish in
Soutlet for a considerablodue distance into thime ihon
n New Orleans, altitough later, Natchez rec
F1 centred to vie w~ith thalt cityr for it. Keel. g
boints erior our mothe tMexican fStaters centrves irt
here; and itour frigs the gcarriere, and timhorouge Cfor p
S tpeopled ing vyae to and ing from Ne Or se an
States. forty dTa. esides the trade from them is chiefl
in bars of silvler, is. and horses and muldried i
We send them in return manufactured
egoods, groc the ries, laspirits and titobacco."is A
Stlarc Ird itidigo wvere girown in thisont
The outlet for our produce at thattlme Ecot
H New Orleans, although later, Natchez ore
centred to vie with that city for it. Keel- arec
boaid ts wer:ge ourin or f water-travel and ing
and ouer freighk , a the edrive r otton wd s for
° (nttred the best in Louisiana.ew Or
-~ Mr. Postlewrait estabhglhed extensive fort
lteaorks was forty dalins. Besidesout the trade ar
in silver, bides, horn, peltries, and dried
.mets from the est, large quantitie s ere mnof
tobacco and indigo were to a n whei
Ssection; innumerable herds of calt-ftlet poin t
titen extensivelyg worked, but siuc~ itoys,
no aed, except during tavannahe w ar, wa tiall
ca ternkes, and the Red river cotton was or t
contribude greatld o the webest in Louisiana. many
tr ad r. Postlewait establsed extensive or
tworks at the Saline, about the year agair
S5,and large quantities were manu- dred
Sactoured and transported to Ncelebratched in Outwer
New Orleans. This valuable salt-fiat point
then extensively m worked, but ai ny
A l'andt on , excep durn the war waso tal
lor~while "Nakratosbh" snuff had an Euro- domin
Spean reputation even down to the days of dmp
flLouts Phillipe, of France, who, being a tueiip
hfond lover of the weed, always pro. t hat'o
A contributed greatly to the wealth andyo
Sterre" of Natchitoches paris. nAnd to show Our mles
CUTmodera farmers to what extent th ltihan obbet
vOrtion of sugar had advanced we pr O uebt
duOe tao lettrs r justm old citielenbrated in t
those by-gones days for its aroma and fluo-s in its rulti-s
vor,while "Nakatosh" snuff had an Euro- domin
pean reputation even down to the da of tscarce]
Louis Phillipe, o ae who, beig a dim p
fond lover of the weed, always pr-tare' h
curedthat his eperiment in the ltivation oetion
the sugar cane, has produced him at Indians,
Ptherate of this,500 poarish. And o so almong
very superior quality, per arpent. blmufs
modern farmers to what extent the culti robbery
vnd thation he is persu had advaned, if the wne pe feetf that
well culti~vated, and carefully- managed mdt
Othat it will produce 3,000 pounds 'e the Fre
arpent-fir5t cut, e Natchit~
U "iven under my hand'this 29th Dec. ALdayes
1815. "T. Bosne"' were t
duCope ofalettr from old melvitizen relatin, Beq geo
to Dr. John Sibley, on the subject of be eel.' the plani
their experience ande, on oed i t oer, l The f
Sration:R-Fm convrsti I hadancientl
M with several of the most observant Sugar tory of
W planters near Orleans as well ao srom
83my ownobservations,' I was convinced voix, pal
that the sugar cane was notus tender a Ind71n
the rvated of 2,0 ouiinds ofbi saugrofal Isamong
An plant ae it was thought to be, when finrs Pisne wit
well cultivated , inLuana...tateuly itnatural Imand of
ized itself to climate an0 certain qrali- built.
'3 ties of soil with facility, 'and was in- In 1731
river laude: conseqaentlyin 114, had c., A the
O 0 t oreeaoutter ofran Sarpent oD psr e hlagts
brought from the oast, which utended sent O
five arpents at fourht istao e the New 0wlt
toaco erabed iLohantbyand ripened oflOdtobo
rerow ans. Itr ewquxur yin 184 fall he, ithes~
I had, a an eassy, three-fourths - of an St. Denis
arpent of ground, which produced me leeagues
na100weigt of good suagar; the bal. seven or
ance I planm last spring, which gave che w
about twenty arpents, eight of which I Denim had
manufactured, and has prodneed me then Com
M about 9,000 weight of a sperior qality at New O
W besides molasses, etc., although I lost that the
a considerable of juice and syrup from the the~acat
imperfection of my machinue . I am once-but
ien. eb dia 3 Itby k t will had ieon
de enhe ofarl br tfbrty vIllage,ai
r arpents next season. The fertility ad los offoi
asuperior quality of our soil, the local sit. taken the
nation of our lands on the margin of the selves thei
ism river with the considerable exhalations few days a
if hi takes place during the fall season of Ainal
Sfrom its waters impregnated with saline several Sj
- particles, prevents the early frosts from taeked the
an affecting vegetatiqn until much later on aon killed
are the neighboring highlands, and convinces all their cl
eame, makesup amp for thedifference djfBighbt, and
' latitude betea this and tune ca1st A forsuch
re above Orleans, where they auoceeded in. Natehes eld
At a very high degree in making sugar. wards coma
Upon -the whole, I think we may safely Indian nati
calculate upon 1000 wight per arpeut,
one year mwth another, besides mirncses,
th etc. Some objections are made to our One of th
y.prspdets of sccess n the ground that odlongafk
the rtot will not produce a second ead
third year, as as on the coast of the Mis. 01oathertill
"- sissippi, on acconat of the hard frosts tier,,ERq., ti
h, that pr vail in wlnter. In faet,lastse be of or a
re son, but very few of mine survived the day. Ciont
r severe and ounommon winter we had; a t Clrc
hr butIcalcnlaek much on their producing to the alreal
neaxt season. Yet sboald we fail in our Cloutler des
n expectation from the stubble, the culture tocbes paris
of cane wfll still be productive by plant. laid out a tc
* lug oar fell etep evoryys,2 fcc'inorstace
oas-fth ofthe Whel platthe sam ate thirty w
t ground, leavilig efar4-li to grind aztd Itohe., on t
a iueufa ctur reinto sngar...the produce of desending,
I, which as9rabove kata, will no worth aaao
more than the whole planted in cottonc
ee ainde d nd most asognin s wsoaurtheo
cesier reined an gPrPsr;. for rket pehsmco. .1
t than the costion O"~ aod uia oi i i t
work tbu ciii, wbile'gt .' et
meeaobe tallipondeut,-Ts tattled 4wiva
cn0lttvtji f sudi gar cane,aNhII
mushte a l~ lad Ind curi -9~ObT~;nRbf
lam,~ eli ve1resltgl
Your
s Taerthless lrot , Clpent bourt in the quaint burrying
f hi, wealth ill-rhunting for old
keed trais o I ig rude inscriptions
OW, on roll crosIsesC which, isntead of the o"be
lo, jer:ke lo- w tgnimuud,' nItark the last resting
S :ly tl- place ot our pioneer forefathers
S deep cuts I' t. ('lehonle was the Anmerican nIame
Sthe count- givenl to the fortificution still anll oJct
tines gone-- of Ni:nttrate.i1 u'uriosit,, and situated with
hood0 days it in the encoI)suire now known as "lthe
l Sole well American Graveyard." This land-mark
'trace," and of ye olden time was, so tradition has it,
Id habits of erected by MI. do LaMlotte or St. Denis,
d along its and was first garrisoned by French troops.
as are filled The fort consisted ofa deep ditch whieh
the silver was no doubt surmounted by pallisades.
lonit aug- The pallisades have long since disappear.
the inter- ed, but the ditch and the line of embank
o pass over ment still remains and can be traced
n on mules; on each side of the entire square it occu.
train. In pied. Even the gateway can be marked
3gend can or could a few years since, by two splen'
,bers, who did liveoak trees which grew and shel
alcades of tered the sally port to this venerable de
red whole fence.
e no dis- The ancient burial place occupies the
was very northeast corner of the enclosure. The
s were de- interments are in sipgular contrast to
the later day graves surrounding them.
speaking The bodies being burried north and south
Spanish instead of east and west. The oldest
e into the inscription found upon a rust eaten, fallen
a centres iron cross, shows that the interment took
ghfare for place in 1727; but the name, age, rank
rom those and eer of the occupant could not be de
s chiefly ciphered. What a moral could be de
d mules. duced from this.
ufacturcl Our Recorder's office is a place where
totbacco. the antiquary mnight delight to spend
hNat time hours. Although, the oldest of our
ithKeel records were destroyed before the war
it. Keel- age and the dry-rot being sore consumers
er-travel of papers and parchment, we have
ue con. records dating back to 1732. The old
New Or. fashioned palper and quaint chirography
he trade are objects of especial wonder and delight
tnd dried for the lover things of an ancient order.
ities thof . Another pristitne relic is the "'old fort"
in this on the 'Bayou Pierre bluffs," near Grand
cattle Ecore. This was erected on a command
he and ing position, where a view of the country
ton was for miles around can be had. A pact of
the rtonewadl hie a surronuded the
teneive fort is still standing, having been proof
e year against time and elements for neara hun.
mann. dred and fifty years. The exact spots
fez and where the buildings once etood can be
alt-flat pointed out by the ruins of stone.chim
esiuc neys, many of which have been but par
r, was tially destroyed. The -wall at the fort,
s, and or that part which is still standing, is in
b and many places four or five feet high. Thes
enclosure covered by the wall was mere
than an acre.
ad in Out on the San Antonia trace is the
rd $yn ruins of still another fort of the Spanish
Euro- dominion. Of thie, however, we know
y of scarcely anything-all being lost in the
ing dim past, even to tradition. We conjee
pro- ture, however, it was erected for the pro
yo- tecetion of the silver laden trains of pack
aour mules from the forays of the bands of
o et robbers that at one time were said to in
pro fet the ontlaying country.
sting Belowa this city, some five miles is Lake
ulti- Natchez, famed as the last rueting place
of that unfortunate tribe of red men
whose wars with t' . - -
Sat Indianedriven from thcirhantiaggronads
of a among the magnolils, crowned hills and
stn. bluffe around the present flonrisning oity
be of that name on the Mississippi river,
gd, made their last stand against St. Denis
the French commander of the Port of
Natchitoehes, and friendly tribes of the
Adayes and Nakatosh Indians. They
were totally annihilated; those. not
slaughtered in the fght were drowned in.
" the placid waters of the peaceful lake.
The following is an acconat of this
had ancient battle, trauslakd from the "His.
egar tory of Nouvelle France," by Do Charle
ced voix, published in 1745:
a In 1715, Mr De St. D~enis sent Mr. Di
Ira Pisne with orders to build a fort in the
ral- hland of Natchitoches, and the fort was
ali-I built.
in- In 1731, the Natchez, another tribe of
M Indiane, besieged 8t. Deni, 'in Natchito
lad ches, then a small Indian village. sL
nte Denas had but few soldiers with hm. He
a sent aconkier to Commandsate enerl at
the New Orleans, Lot sucwr-· and on the Slit
ted of October, Mr. De Louhois left th· city
all, with sixty men to come to the relief of
my t NfDoew Oreans. Informed f. Lobois, d
as tha Dheim NaH9e had prbeene bot4;tatsi
me lhelcaoues uped river, and was asbouf
ad. seven or eight ays' Johrney from Natchi
tochen Mr. nontaine wbom lt.
n Dent hadf dspateeied to kit b'rrter,
av then Commandant-Ocusral of ouisiana,
at9 tNew Orleans. informedd Mr. Lobobis,
at the Natheg haodheen rantons fa th
Nhe theJosaotI wanted wattackt at
r once- bat, being only 40 agutpse a2,f tey
InI hdisen compiled to abaadoa their
r village, and retire into the fort with th
ed lossof fourts mor; tstthe Natelki bad
ot- ten the village and entrenched them
be selves there; that St. Denio, aviang, a
as f odays ost Sexreceivet a rciieaofob bt
n of Alssln rll and Ato Indlats, weho
tebseveral 8parnisrh h soined, ad1 at
d toakedta thwe ofionh Natsh
in and killed e lghty-twoof theNi, inluding
i all thei, ohie thaftbe tenmy wore in
h flight, and the Nacatoch. In hot ?ursunit.
At (tsr such a defl~t tjere wfere so few
n* Natleleft tahrt t e ver after
wards eofskdei.4 r ming. sepaitt
SIndiranrll~ SM :
r One of the villag o~b oour parlshfoei4
ee elong at~er it. early settlen,.ot, :p
Clontierville, named from Alex. C. CIlau
tlier, Pes., the progenatOr of a lage utn9t~
herof ar most excellent citiens of to
da.Clontiervjlle ow..r Its fiaounku
tb~the circumstance of a speI$q. i
Clbonter desired the d~vlelaii';hf
toches parish, and in 1821 5t~ eye4 sn
laid ont atown on his :;i::~ii!~' jj1
ate thirty miles below thePrt~pb
itoihes, on the let au o
rected a coDaiahil ci:ac~ize
peas. ofisOot.