" .. oreigu.
ii Au." 3.-Steamer Bel.
l. ong Kong, Irelorts the
,sio,4 t u....by fire of the buildings of
the Department. Iof the Interior, at
yedd on 2nd.I Many valuable and
historicalen:cments lost.
;'gJ Service Reports.
W ysl gt;)n, Aug. 3..-For South
AtIthtiiosad Gnl( States, partly eloi.
,wessher with south weSt IIe north
, rfddM. Barometertriing.
Sjrsi of Virginia., Pennsylvania,
,' digi':hib and Western valley's,
wilt'r . ra:pidly.
Daerous floods will probably. oc
St: Lounis, Aug. 3.--11 P. M.-River
daring the last 24 hours has risen 3
f -t' at t'incinatti, 3 feet at 'Louis
vi'le- ;Dirons floods on the Ohio
anl4.d.IPPA rivers.
* MARKETS.
KeNOrleans, Aug. 4.-Cotton sales
I*i pr srices finn, good ordinary
1 1012, l ow middling l3 ,
g pddling to strict 14114 j,
,,o,hl4liug 15; receipts ,36i bales,
a . rts. Stock oon .hand 21,910.
Sugar steady, fair 8@91,g prime to.
clli 410';l nmi,lasses,; dull, coim
*r4U 535'5,prinme to choice 58@
:".r, acti'e 'and excited higher,
agd l5,snpertine .525, XX:. 50 to
51. ~X 607; corn qpiet, 80.39,
oats qiet,.Texas 64T66, Western (i6
667,Tsa'y. firmer $28 to $29, coffee,
firma.18@24, pork :$2328 25, baton,
cledt- skloes )1il,' bhams 13t, diy
smlfiesti, node in first hands,'sholddi
iir3 ;lard.dull; tierce 14e, kelic14L,
whi kfruity' }'.esterri 122, corn
meal firter at 385 ; gold 112 .
Nea,grlk,t Anug., 3:-G-l4 112j;
cofa;rem; i epland 1f4; Orleans mid-,.
dling 141. Sales 1770, bales,. Futuros.
opeued_.nominal. Sept's. 14}jI4! 516G
Oct's. 14 31alJ4 513, Nov's. 14
312014 51 ;sDec's. .1 t14 311(i;
J leans, Auk. 8.-Stles onldi
- 12 bdieo, Nothing -transpired toju
diqepýcange iunthluwrket. Jac
tors are dis~j ol to be .stýipgent on
account of le o[rted ov'.,rfl6d1and ex
cessiv rains.
Wen4. 0., 11ii14,; low mid
dflng l@13; middling to strict 14
'14}. Receipts 59 bales. No ex
po3"eIk on hanti 21890. -
Ne. Oileans, Aug 3.-Noon,--u.
ornY.l!! rmmoqn 81, fair to fully
fair r9, prime 9, - choice 10; mn
1ta do 1l, common 40@45, prid~ to
chiBin)70; flour active and highii
er, iie '75, superfine 5 25,KXX 5 50,
XXL14Dt 5-; corn. quiet', :85''.08;
oats dull, 67c per -bushel; bran quiet',
1104 firm, pri ee $18m per
te* active. and firm, held: at
l 25;.baoon strong, clear sidea
1loi0 hrmas.13); salt meats, wani
in-,4~i hands; shoulders. 9$.; Mar.i
duls tiere- 14c; keg. 141;' whisky
t.! tifed 1 2001 22 corn'meal
old 113.
heo railroad question is the ab
sorbing' topic,- and , shoild be;
n4ais eard but that among
our people, iand Natehitoclies has
donned. ae lify .. The-sebscrifp
tions thus f~r aro satisfactory,
San erey one seems willing and
atilous to furnish his mite.
WPe mderstand that the smr
jrt ju elol w Crog*
,f n iusdirection.:
• : c-heolon ,iy', are rerm
+.y.Prou+ t "25 to 200 men have
thma , Ibut we Iavenot
diofip~ lnint c6nies to us
,[outgomery has
,t allBa h
o a d " t..
.+,+,.,,Aha. 4 t
.i+,+? i'
Iq ++ Ep "
;d*c,'l ~1a
bt~nLOie j
f'h; ~aedJiw
1~-~S!~ cF~~h hT- ~n
o a1.er~4-by
te4~ioo
-'Ai
*5v~bi4
M1r. A. (; Jordan, 4at, All,
vilie, i; this parish, has sent to
town sam:ples-of'grapes grown at
Iis viuveyrd, and they are trulv
wonderful. The vari4ties are the
Concord, iRay-': Vietoria, and the
Cataba. , lie proposes to furnish
them to: oi r.market, weekly, at
25 eutsa per pounrt; Cnttings of
all these varieties can be had of
him on demand.
We have to note the fact of ma
ny presents of fruit from parties
in the parish. We have never yet
seen so much good fruit here as
during this Summer. Much at
te|ntiou is being paid its cultiva
tion, and many fiflo orchards are
coming on.
Robert Dale Owen, has become in
Salle.
Financial, Commercial and Liver News.
* .COTTON STATEMENT.
On hand Inst report........4497 bales
Received during week...... . "
Total receipts...... 4500 "
MARKET QUOTATIONS:
(It should be renimcubered our quota
tions are for ronihd lots, at retail, higher
ptrices will have to be paid.)
Correctes.T e j i Cur re. ; Tyl~i~
Cotton... .......:.,. .... ..... .:
Hides,- dry. ..... ...............
lirdes, gree...................... .......i tic
B.cox.-the market is in limirted supply
-Clear sides are quoted at It; shoulders at 13c;
Jlreakfast bacon at 19c.
FLOL's.-Is in good supply with fair demand.
We quote XX at t.i 510; low XXX 7 OIA u 25 and
good XXX it d. t~; A;uico XX, at ,9 5t1; choice
tamily il 510. .
, l'olt.-= Nonelu the maivet.
SBA(a;s.--In fair supply. demand fair. Hemp
and jute at 19c; per yard. N India in market.
LAm.--In liglht supply with good demand. In
tierces 21c; in kees 22.
IITan-Are in light supply and demand liwit
ed Canvased amr quoted a`ii ic.
SAur.-In good supply, Liverpool coarse soell
at $225 per sack. Fine 125c higher.
SieE G(R.ilN.-None but rye in market which
is quoted at $1 73 per bunshel.
IoNs Tlus.-The market is in "good supply.
The arrow is held at 1 td the button. at te.
per pound.
Mlorjsss.--Saree. Chboie Louitsana is be
ing sold at--:prime at90d. per gallon. By the
kegS 0' 9 5r
O~A OI.--Is in good supply and is held at
501k per gallon.
Toun.cco.-Supply go ." Good medluin Is
quoted at 65c. and line bright at 90c.elr. 25 per
penal.
CoFe--The aspply is limited and demand
good. Prime at 25 and'choice at -
RI~c.--o Carolina in market. Louisiana is
held at i25e. per pound.
Codn.-Ts in good supply but no deimand.
SoAr.-Extra olive bar 1Ot..
SuoAn-.Loanisiana prime is quoted at :- yel
low clarified ? 122c; crashed and powderei @
Wmsrxy.-White and Red rre held at $1 50.
pengallon; Bourbon commands h526 50 per gsl.
SHOT.-Ts in good supply wiftht f demanu and
sold at $2 75per sack andbneuk irot at $3i -
PowsR.--The supply Is limit6d and is held
at 50o.per pound.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
GRAPES! 6RAPES!
offer for sale Grape Cuttings of, im
imparoved native varieties, at the fol
lowing prices:
Concord at $1 '75:per dozen, or $12 00
per hundred, fully tested.
Ray's Victoria $1' 50 per dozen, or
,$10 00 per hundred, not fully tested.
I am testing other native varieties, and
as they prove vahluable in my loc.lity
and soil, will propagate them.
Orders can be les awith M.;H. Carver,
Esq., in the oityof Matuhitocbes, or with
myeelf at.the Village of Allen, parish of
Natchiteches.
I will deliver theenuttings on or about
the 20th of January, 1878, at my rsi.,
deuonce, or atl M. H., Carver's, as desired.
In all cases cash;on delivery.
Ieend a tew bunches of each kind to
Mr. Jas. H. Cosgrove, Editor of the Vin
dieator, that'persons wishing may :see
and exminue for themselves. I guaran
tee them delivered true to name.
Every family that owns an acre of
land orb has., the control of a garden.,
should plant grapes for their own cqn
samption, as:tbe exponse and liihort isso
little compared with the. luxtry and
profitreeived in return, whlen rightly
cultivated, prued and trained. I recotn
mend the. pirchase of A. -8. Fuller's
Qlape.CultWnist which ~an be hal of Jas.
1. Rlunimel, Editor of' Or Hori' Jour
nal, New Orleans, at I1.50, In chltiptet
15, page 129 'to144, inclusive, will be
found ,ftlIl::and plain" instructions for
pruning and training. I would, howev
er, ge more distance to the viiineitiii
feet wig and ten feetfi h th II, so as
,to li:-e Anil::the es;: and a
-b eby a oltIoM o .
Sia tibeitoftodg tem'b 'he
23 tal!1fs t610all
E . -l. '.. d
Diýi ,rerd li .igof1.......40
aretake
l'ýbor, at
o I
1h tbe lete, shi4n oi.
of M a t of ti ,h
Vnmg hus v jith e
I1a to take
ItP ~ 1~Ah bhor.
Delivered w .'4.00
ii o b e ~ m w i u It ~ o ti.~ ,l ,
S ;~Ea~u
SHREVEPORT. LA.
LAND! LAND! LAND!
A Rare Opportunity Offered to
Farmers of Limited PMeans.
I AM OFFERING to sell the followiun
described parcels of land on the liberal
terms set forth below:
One tract of 378 acres, situated twelve
miles south cast of the city of Natchito
ches, and about one mile west of Old
River. Two hlndred acres under fencue,
one hundred and fifty acres open and
about one hundred in cultivation this
year. The other ilmprovlellents consist
of tlir or five log calins, gin and press ;
small orchard, with a spring of fine
water. Good steam saw mill within four
mile of the place. I will sell this place
at ten dollars per acre, on1 sixth cash.
the, balyee in 1, 2 3 4· and five years,
without interest. :Ffii'-fifths of this
place ih fine fresh alluvial river soil, and
will yield 40 to 50 bnshcls of corn or a
bale of cotton to the acre
Adjoining the above, I have 583 acres
of the s:nnt character of unimproved
land, which I will sell at 65 per acre, in
11qut1 annuulal installlhuets, without in
tettst.
I also have 320 acres situated between
Redl River and B:you Pierre, about six
miles from01 the city of Natel)itoches, all
tite river lottom uInd, what is termed
"Blluckshot" land, two hunilrld(l acres open,
gin, cabins rand fiwes alnnost entirely
destroyed. I will sell this place for s5
lper arel , Ci sh, or $ý per acre, one-fifth
cash, the Lalanlce ill five equal anlnal in
stalluhents, without interest.
I have still another tract of 132 acres
ofgood level hill land, situated one mile
from the above described place, andll im
mtediately on the Grand Ecore and Texas
road,.tliv miles frolm the city of Natchi
toelr's, land well timbered withl pine,
oak and hiclkory. Improvement consist
of double log dwelling house, log kitchen,
snmake-house, small orchard of tigs, p1lures
and peaches, 12 to 15 acres of open land,
all tle buildings a little out of repair,
though occupied this year. On this place
is an inexhaultible well of tle tinest
water in the parish. I will sell this place
for $600.00, one third cash, the balance
inl one and two years, without int rest.
To purchasers wishing to make larger
cash payments, I will make liberal de
duction from the above prices.
There is .no excuse for any man being
without a home of his own ; my terms
are so liberal that the annlnd payments
only amount to a small rental.
M. II. CARVER,
April 10-1y. Natchitoches, La.
EAS
TllE FAVORITE IIOE REMEDUY.
Is eminently a family Medicine; and1 by
being kept ready t1r Immlediate resort
will save many anhonr of sutnftig and
many a ldollar inll time and doctors' bills.
After over Forty Years' trial it is still
receiving the most unqualified testimno
niats td its virtues from persons of the
ligheu, character and responsibliy.
E~minent physicians conumend it as the
most
EFFECTUAL SPECIFIC
For all diseases of the Liver, Stonmach
and Spleen.
The Simptohsh of liver Complaint are
a bitter or bad taste in the month;
Pain in the Back, Sides or Joints, often
uistaken for Rheumatism; Sour Stonm
achl; Loss of Appetite: Bowls alternate
ly costive arcd lax; Headache; Loss of
memory, with a painfiul sensation of hav
ing failed to do something which ought
to have been done; Debility, Low
Spirits, a thick yellow appearance of the
Skin and Eyes, a dry Cough often mis
taken for Consumlption.
Sometimee many.of- these mymptoms
attend the disease, at others very few;
but the Liver, the largest organ in the
body, is generally the seat of the disease,
and if not Regulatsd in timle, great esuf
fering, wretchedness and DJ)ath will en
sle
For Dyspepsia, Constipation, Janndice,
Bilions attacks, Sick Headache, Colic,
D)epression of Spirits, Sour Stomach,
Hart Burn, &c., &e.
The Cheapest, Purest and Best Famui
ly..1 Mtdidle lt ' |ythe WW~dl&t!'".
Mannfatnred only by
J. H. ZEILIN & CO.,,
Macon, Qa., and Philadelphia.
Price, $1.00. Sold by all Druggists.
March 27, 1875.--ly.
NO COMPROMISE!!
ARE OFFERING THEIR LAR(E AND
SSelect stock of
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
HARDWARE,
SHOES,
HATS,
CAPS,
&C., &43.
At New York Cash Prices
Come early and secure bargains.
Remiet.the nus, I KAIIN& CO.,
and that all GOODS are at COST Price.
March 13-6m.
In Bankruptcy.
" DISTRICT OF LOUISIANA,
At Natebitoches the 30 day of May, '75.
The undersigned hereby gives notice of
his appointment as assignee of TIMornY
an I[ M.isa.:i Mid Dis
trict, who has been adjudged a Bankrupt.
upon his own Petition by the District
Court of said District.
R. E. BURKE,
Assignee, &e.
O. OClapmnaa*4,
Corner Front & Jeferson Streets.
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
HARDWARE,
and General Merchandise.
. " mi ' · . .. . . .. % . ... '
4a~*re4 to C~19 kyPP.~Paj
r ,.
Wi'iAKLY ANI DAILY FO1R 17?5
'I'll approach of the PFieidcntial ele
ion i'ves unusual' iinpti'tance to the
evCnt tiind develolimhients of 1 5;. We
shalll e'lavor to'describo thein fully,
thfithfull, and tfearlessly.
TIlE WEEKLY SUN has now attain
ed a circulation of over seventy thou
,sand copies. Its readers are lfund in
every State and TTrritory, and its oquali
ty is well known to the public. We
shall not only endeavor to keep it fully
iiup to the old standard, but to improve
andl add to its variety and power.
TIHE WEEKLY SUN will continue to
be a thorough newspaper. All. the news
of the day will be tfund in it, condens
ed when unitiportant, at full length
when of iooilllient, land always, we trust,
treated in at clear, interesting aud in
structive \iailmiier.
It is oar ailn to mnak tie thWeekly Sun
the best finiily newsliiiaper in the world.
It will be full otl eutertailiniug and ap
ploplriate reading of every sort, lint will
print nothinig to oflisinl thIe miost scrupu
lous and delicate taste. It will always
contain the niost interesting stories anid
rocilll;les of the day, carefully selected
anid legibly printed.
The Agricultural Department is a
prominent feature inl the Weekly Sun,
and its articles will always be found
fresh and usefnl to the farmer.
The nunliber of tmen independent in
politics is increasinl, iand the 'Weekly
Suiln is their Ipaper especially. It belongs
to nio party, and obeys no dictation, con
tending for principle, and for the election
of the liest wven. It exposes the eorrup.
tiou tlhat disgraces the country and
threatensl the ovdrthrow of republican
instihit'ilns. It has no fear of knaves,
and seeks no f;avors fron their support
ei's. .
The Illarkts of every kindl and the
fashions are regularly reported in its
coiliuns.
'T'hoeprice of the WEEKLY SUN is one
dollar a: year for a sheet of eight pages,
and fifty-six cohluns. As this barely
pays expens's of lpaper .anld printing, we
are not able to mallke any discount or ull;
low any preiiluln to friends who may
ilmaike special etoirts to extend its circula
tion. Uinder the iiew law, which rei
quires payilent of po(:stage ill adlvtince,
one dollar a year, with twenty ceiits the
cost of prlepaid postate ladded, is the rate
of subscri ption. It is not necessary to
get up a club in order to have the Week
ly Sun at this rate. Any one who sends
one dollar and twenty cents will get this
plaper, post;paid, for a year.
We have no traveling agents.
THE WEEKLY SiUN. - Eight pages,
fifty-six columns. Only $1."20 a year,
postage prepaid. No discount from this
rule.
THE DAILY SUN.-A ltirge four-page
newsp)apcr of twenty-eight columlns
Daily circulation over 120000. All the
news for 2 cents. Snhse.cription, postage
prepaid 55 cents a month, or $650 a year.
To clubs of 10 or over, adiscount of 20
per cent. Address.
"T'IE SUN," New York City.
THE
People's Vindicator,
FOR 1875.1
We take pleasure in announcing to the
nunerous friends of the VINDICTOR,
that we lhave perfected arrangenlents fli
the continunation of its piublicatiomn upon
a firm basis. The puilic are well aw re
of the dillfinlties under which the Con
servative press of Louisiana lahor; the
inihlnous lprinting law passed by a parti
san Legisl.ature, solely to fthte: .and up
hold, at the expense of thime t:ax-payers,
journals entirely antagonistical to their
interest, aud at war llupou their lib:rfies,
iud by forcing, under the forms of law,
our citizens to advertise in these official
paplers, to break down their plcwer, the
Conservative and Demoocratic press; con
sequeClltly we are l'opelhl to depend
folr support upeon thh genetrona contu'ibu
tion of a people already poverty-stricken,
nut we feet assured that they will not
fail to sulstaiu their main power in the
war of virtue against vice
The Fearless White Ian's Pins of
louisiaia.
The futnre tone of this paper can be
judged from its past. We will continue
to advocate to success, the rights of the
TAXED, that honesty and capability,
ALONE, shall constitute grounds for 10
litical preferment, and a continued and
never ceasing war upon KIellogg and his
corrupt officials-knowing themt to be in
co(lnmluon with their Chief, both usurpers
and thieves.
We c:all assu:llre the puiblio that we will
not hesitate to ittack tihe acts of any po
litieal organization, when we believe
them to be antagonistic to public good.
We are the servant of no cliqune or party,
and intend solely to protect and doftind
the rights anld liberties, in our honent
wray, of the whole people-believing that
we have done sutltient Siervice in the
cause of thee PEOPLE in the pasit, we
contidently expect their support in the
future.
TElRMS: ,
1 Copy year---,.-...... ....,,-... - 3
1 " 6mose---... .... ...-.- ..-..--....
(Iuvariably iu advahiee'.)
We furnish as a premiunm to each paid
up ahscEiber, for one year fron the first
of Januay, a fine STEEL EN(GRA VING,
19x24 finhees, of almos$ any Histo-ieal
sligie't.'.. .
JAS. t COS8GoROVI~,
Editor.
PELLI & AREAMX,
Publishers.
Allen's Planet Jr and.
11WuhI.S hO& W BEL MFL*jj
ir e.uThe ao likel
oi dhau e a ta ta w
--7ih.#ti.1o iio.iw. h -
TUE ' LEMOCRATIC ?APER OF
THE UNITED STATES.
Mar.ets of New York, llA bany, ighton,
oral Prodlce ~ISarkctsMi f then_.antr,
iguloll,.. i relm w .k er
ke t, Bub4uus~ l8igtigiqt'i of de News,
~I-d ttil ital Iiipartuat, and
Sl. arets o 2 YOrk, o y, one ghear
·-......-...-- ...--......- -10 00
S' 81 ~resi elyt -t-, One opy,
0 Two copies, oHevm separat1y ad
Send ias egisti Itter, Pbffcee
M6hoeyOttme, or BEfnkDraft; B sent
B ilnrai will be atr tsjl ftsk of der.
,,oi., P~arr ,4Jt. seate of
-, "-pw 1ork .ily.
t:i~oeeple, dle !!It' seps at.yad
A 1i. rent:ativ,: and Chtninpin of American
Art T';'ste I
Frispecus fir 1'5--Eiii l TeYear.
TIIE ART JOURNAL OF AMERICA,
ISSUED MOXTIHLY:."
"A .Magnificent Conc.eptlion, wonderfiilly
carried out.'"
Thile niccssity of a n,.oplar mediinl ftor
the rIieprese.ntation of t the productions of
our great :aristt, has always~ be-en recog.
nized. ittll.tun-ny attet)n.s have, hee.
iii:tdle to Imt)eit the waillt. '1Thle tlc4'*'ssiVl
fa.ilures which so invaribly followed ev'rh
aIttempi t in this coauntIVY to estahlish nll
art journal, did inot provie the intldiflr
ncre ,1f the people of America to the
claims of high irt. Sto soon as a proper
appreciation of the want :aIl ail lbhility
to meet it were shown, the public at
once rallied with enthusiasm to its.iup
port. and the result was at great artistic
•and comliereial trimiph-TI-fE ALD)INE.
THE ALDINE, while issued with all the
regularity. has none of the teimporary or
timely inteirest chllaracteristic of ordinary
peri dicals. It is an elegant "miscellany
oflpure, light and graceful literatnure; and
a collection of pictures, the rarest speci
mens of artistic skill, in black and white.
Althpugh. each succeeding i nulter aifords
a fresh pletasure to its friends, tie; Ieal
value and beauty of the ALI)INE will be
mnost a.ppreciated after it h:s beenl bonlild
up at the close of the year. While other
jornials lmalv claim siip)eriorl' hea:)iess. ;s
compared with ri :al of a similar class,
the AiDINxE is a unique and original con
etption--alone and (n iil)lro):lIheil--abso
lutely withouIt competition in price. or
character. The possessor of a compl,.te
vol.)ute cranntt dupli:ete t!e q(uait!y of
fine paiper anld eungrLavings inl any othe:r
shape or .linumber ofvolumles fir ten times
its o.st ; and thenll, there is the Ch onwo
besides !
National feature 'of' THE ALDINE
must he taikent in ino) narlrow sense. Trite
art is uosIu'politala. While TIlE AL
DINE is a strictly Aimerican in~stittioa,i
it does not coniillne itself elltirlyv ti the'
reproduction of native art. Its nmi;sion
is to cultivate a broad and .apiireciative
art tasto, one that will discriminate only
on groiilnds of intrinsic merit. Thus,
while placing before the patrons of THE
ALDINE. as a leading characteritic, the
productions of the lost noted American
artists, attention will always le given to
spel'iuiens from foreign lmasters, giving
subscribers all the pleasreno ia1d in;ltrac
tion obtainable from home or foreign
Sources.
The artistic illustration of n'eorliean
scenery, original with THE ALDINE, is
an important feature, and its m:agnilletlt
plates are ofa size more appropriate fto
the satisfactory trenltncenit of details
than can le affolrded by any inferior
page. The judicious interspersion of
landscape, marino, figure, and animal
subjects, sustain an unabated interest,
impossible where the scope of the work
confines the artist too closely to a single
style of subject. The literatulre of TIIE
ALDINE is a light aitid graceful accom
;paniment, worthy o(f the artistic fea
tures, with only such technical disqrisi
tions as 0do not interfere with the popu
lar interest of the work.
Prenmium for 1875.
Every subscriber for 1875 will receive
a beautifid portrait, in oil colors, of the
Namhe noble dog whose picture in a for
utor issue attracted so much attentiion,
"MAN'S UNSELFISIH FRIEND"
will lie a welcome in every homue. Eve
rybody loves such a dog, and the portrait
is executed so truite to the life, that it
scenis the veritable presence of the ani
mal itself. The Rev. T. Do Witt Tal
nmage tells that his own Naewfoundland
dog (*0 finest in Blrooklyvn, harks at it!
41tlhoullgh so nlatural, lno one who sees
this prelmium chrlnlom will have the
slightest fear of leilng bitten.
Besides the chronicm , everyv advalnce
subscriber to THE ALDINE for 1875 in
constituted a lmuember, and entitled to
all the privileges of
THE ALDINE ART UNION.
The Union owns theil originals of all
THE ALDINE pletures, whihh, with
other paintings and engravings, are to
1 d(istribedl amlong the nmenlbers. To
every series of 5.000 sulbscribers, 100 dif"
ferenlllt pieces, valued at over $2,500 are
distrilbutedl 1s soon las the series is full,
and thle awards of each seris as made,
are to b published in the next sueceed
ing issue of THE ALDINE. Thisi fea
ture only applies t suthsecrilbrs who ply
for oine year in advance. Full particu
lars in circular sent on' applicatioan en
closing a stamp. ,
TERMS:
One Subslcriptio, entitliug to TIlE
ALDENE onie lear, the C'hrozno
and thie Art Union,
"$OOiO0 er annum, in advae.
No charge ltcr.postage.
Specimon Copies of TIlE ALIDIN, 60 .ts.
The Ax~lmrE will lhereaft'eerl dobtainable
only by subscription. Tllhere wilJ be no
reduced or club, rate; cshll thr slbiscrip
tiolliis mnust be selnt to the publishers .lirect,
or handed to the loidenanvasser, without
reaponsililty to the. publishers, only hi
cases.whe.r the certificate is given,..bear,
ing the uat-sbnile signature of Jaines
Sutton, President
CAVASSEIS WV, NTnan.--Antypersoni who
wishes to act peraanelr.ily Is 8a, l9qzl colt
vasser, will receii' full ,aid plromllt in
ormation by applyiig to
*rT ii ALDIN #)O'tPAVYT
58 Maiden Lane, NEW YORK
Cosataini.g eyez week FOwW COL
UMIN$ of choicereading ,ait
TEWS is ei edft th ni,
George Alfred Towd, t chif of
News r Corres t. her
c aoUMNdenc from eheteainrig iates
editerd with scruulon- care, hand, Is, in'
.codepe I'.l one of the beri- t Famly
Jdewrnalii tMiblisled. Sample Copies free
. TtEll$8 ha itS ollBIPTIONtic,
Speion, Chtese and Piostse ditQsId; pub
-rDaubd for .n -.
,, )~· ',:.' E ,id~~sil~~
:. , , ,abmv oui
Fail and Winter Arr'a:G ejmenet.
1'.r (.ranld Ercore, 'Ml',tinetry. Aierandria
1inovilOie, Airian's, 1marbin's,
Fort DeRu.sey,
All Way LTndiilg,..
Tile A I MagnTifioent an!d '1ct
runninig p:slhger ltacker
C'. W. SIxnP. Mashtr.
1TJILL lc:roe New Orle'ans every ,aturlyv at
C!ARRI NIA. d1 r MaN s!
R. .RTN 1.T. Ml:tash.r,
IrIl.[ Il. '" New Orleau'h evrty ''uesdia at
5 '.. "."
I'er freight or pass.ar apply on ha:,rd or to
J U .IES E. M112SI, Agout.
Aug -I-1m,
TT-RtA MMEI11]-LL'S
-S'' E A MI
SAW MILL.
(Five Miles from Natehitoches.)
50.000 Feet of Lumber for Sale.
TERMS:
From 3 to 10 I)ollars, (nccording to
quality) per M. at the Mill.
)Delivered in Natchitechles, at $14
Iler M.
Muach 27.-lv.
$50 REWA.D.
I - STOL.Ex frotm ti' m1,,lersied
- LO the iLigllt Eullte 2tith tilt.. a 1Bay
More M1i1e , live yeaars old, io h brands re
cnllcted+, h~ s the m trks of an cll fistula
l.on the sl oulder. I will give lift1," dol
lars for the sule and thief. ortwenity-five
dollars for the rcucovery of the nemle alonte.
W.I. M. LlEVY.
April 10-tf.
18Th. AGfAIN ! 1875
LOUISVILLE WEEKLY
COURIER JOURNAL
Continues bfor the present year its liberal
arracngemlent, whereby, on the 31st of
D)ecember, 1175, it will dlistribite impar
tially among its subscribers,
$10.000
In presents. comprising Greenharks and
nearly one thousanid luseful and be:autiful
articles.
'The Courier-.Tournal is a 1Ing-estab
lilshed, live, wide-awake. progressive,
newsy, bright and spicy paper.
No other paper otters such inducements
to sublscribers and club agents Cireulirs
with fuill particulars tend specimuen cop
ies sent free onil applicationl.
Terms, $2.00 a year and liberal offers
to clubs.
Address, W. N. HALDEMAN,
Pres. Courier-Journal Co., Louisville, Ky
TIHE
WEEKLY ENQUIRER,
A Paper for the People, a Friend of the
Farmer hand Industri:d Classes,
A BEAUTIFUL
NEW CHROMO
ENNT'IT.LED)
"Perry's Victory!"
Giresu to e'cry $S O08abscriber.
This pleture represents Com. Oliver I. Per
r in tie act of pasitn flrom one ship to anolther
i 6 a small openl oat, nd!ing tlue heat of battle,
exetoeel to the fire of the enemy.
It Measures 16 3 2½ Ilches,
Is artintieally fnilshed in thirteen colors and is
undoibtedly the most desimrable chrome ever
offered :as a premiumN. Sinegle copies of it ell t
1 0!0). We have at a great outlay securellld the
exclmehvy contiol and sale of it, and therefore
are enatble.d to prosent it to our pateronse a ebove.
Thie Evquawna still atahds pre enminet an a
ficrt cinaes Newspaper. Its variom depa'rtnleuts
allotted to
Edilorils, Humorous,
iAgricmlture, - Poetry,
Corrceponderce, . Telegraphic
And Gen'ral irs.
All give evidence of tlhe ao andl pains takenl
to supply itas readers with all the news acd a
4tiiety of reading that clOibimt Tail to interest
each and every meCmbe- of the Imousehold. Sub
scribe through !(r piilf~t tint seYed direlet to us.
W'e desire amn agent m eter3cy Post Oltfire. and
whore none are yet.appeizRted, let somUe of oar
frientls appily for the gecey.
FARAN & MicLEAN, Publishers,
CI'CINNATI, O.
T'he Saturaay Evening Post,
The Oldest and Best Story Paper Pub.
lished.
. Foundt~d August 4, A. D. 1821.
For more than half a century the
Soaturdllay Evening Post has Iten tihe
GREAT LITERARY WEEKLY
of' the' Countrv, and hats ever bornd i
widcalpread amll nmlutitcishelc repntation
for the ntar'pas~ert p~rlitv, ,reflnemrent
and excellenace of the Sterialts, ketches
a-nd Miscellaneous reading matter.
It is pre-eaminently .
'The IWest Family Paper
tht is publslwed in this cuntry, frown its
never contaiing aniythinig that weuhll
ojffecd the feelings of any one, either im1
a ,cligious or political sense, or t.ht
could tuot ,e asad,at any tirisich. wilthout
olject ion from thim maet fastidious.
The circulation of the Satnrday Even
ing Post, through not quite we large
perhaps, a its youeanger. contemnporaries,
is not, like thateof eucle of themu, fluctu
ating, and too ofte!: sif6rt -lived, but
SURE1 SOLIDD AN D SUSTANTIAL,
basedlupdni theietrinsie meritof the pa
per itself'and not, dpenldent n alny ex
traneous influeues, such as the popjnlari
ty of individual writers, &r.
Good, however, as thle Saturday Even.
ing Peest has boqn in the past, it is our
intention to make it still betlter in tlhe
futmre, and with this object in view we
will effect a markedl implrovement in eve
ry department of the Is|per, amtd will
call teoour assistance writers of admitted
abilitysand kenown reputationt
-By increasing its former attractions,
and adding' many judiiouse atl pleas
inj~ novelties, by stullyiung how to please
alnd eultivate the popular taste, by in
creasing indnstry and enterprise, anld by
eunlarged facilities, we Iholpo to emake new
friends with each and every issue, and
crhtilnIe to maiintain the elpim of the
Saturday Eveting Po'tst to its title of''i.
OLDEsT AND T'HI BFST of Family Story
Papers.
Terms to Subscrbers:
One year 1 copy $3.00, One month. 25
-- 2 copies 5.00 Two monthse 50
" 4 copiese 10.o00 Thlree me. 7i
' ' 9 copies 2b0(J Four me 1 00
-any oene sending $20 for a Club of
9, at additiimal eopy.v will be sent FREI
S-pecimen copies came 4e lad on pIpl
Ration. WeEtploy no Traveling Agents.
All pomanurot1Ins nuaut be addresse to
1L 1J. C. WALKER, Propietor,
7" 7 Walnut Street,
.. . Phildelphia.
, . ' ', ' ·, '. ,
THEi ILI,'.U " ATE I ..
WITIH WHICI I ISINoiltP ATEi .
IS MlIRIU Will
It is tIh intention of the 'onlIultorM o(i
this Mine ;:j± in still ftither make it a
Inotidel t l'it'erary and imchainieal cteli
I t *.i ±anl. with this vie'w, no advaawtang
will Ise 1;eghleteld i'irh eiliter aIIleiit or
i'ena it i:l c ;Ii e!mlniula:illll to renlder eilch ii
eI ;an1 ;diai'ible atd iinstriuctive cunipel
ilit !li ui
PfI'I'I,.1R READING.
Its je,;r will he e'vohted tlo llOlatllln
lit iran Ictl'. sv.illnce, airt, etllllcitioln and ± lo
rial develo;plcnt. Its eliiirnhteristic feael' i
turn i ; i iolmprchensi i .iss The Inalhl-.
scl'rilts n; onl halird, nnd othiers espectil -
lVy eil:;aged, enblhrilace anl ilnuisuallv lttrar-.
rive list nt' I escritive Skethellsof Tralv
el. Svri;il -'tolies, T'riles Poilems, Paliper o0n
Selhce anl Art, iPoplllif ]~~?n;i's, Na'rt.
tiies, Litierary Criticisms, F"ashiolns, etc..
toigether n ith a variety of abtly si!d ill
terestii,.r articles upon the limportal
Qu'cest.ioins of the Day. A larget proplor
tionl of the articles, espl.clally thoulless -
lcripti ve of tral'vel, will lie
PI'OF!'SELY ILL'STrI:XTED.
The p)itorial emlbellislimeliits of' the
.lig:n.inie hlereafter cotllititltinIg.on o1:
its li:o.t attraetive felntlr.._
T'ihe lputrpase itf the PJblidirlis to fuir
rish pe leritdial wlhiih shall lid instru"
tive in 'The lieI.litltol, Tile Lihrary aid
The lReili:r Roliiom, giving In i abulndancetl
oef lnlte rtainingiii : lt npopular literature
anld initinitatiou tbot hItlh old anid young.
carryillng light. co!allfit and lgood atrni:
into euvrl'y fltinily, land ni.iking it aecep
table tht, the whole Honuseholl-lhthLer
:anld mthetlr, ,voeey a'14d girlw, Young itoes
The llu I/.sateld W II utel.olui Ma azinZe
iic ludle: several Distinct Departments,
each under colilipewn and efficient man
ageii±ini, viz
I. Skietc hees--otnisating of Descriptions
Sfit T lravel anld Advienture, Serial Stories,
Tules aind Nalrrativeis, lovishly and ap
pt)lrplri tcely illustratedl.
.. Mciscellany-made l!p of brilliant ex
trins frotm new hooks, highly entertain
in;g sketches of nlotabillo persons and
things fron the best Foreign Publica
tions, Poseus and Papiers on Scieuce and
Art.
:3. Editoi'ial Departlment-in which is
given briiliiilt essays hpon at wide range
cf sultjeets; social topics discussed ,ani
current iurident; atil doiugs gjnneeli at.
4. Fl.ashion l)epartinent-containizii a
resumen of the Paris, Londou and New
York F'ashioins, illustrated with eugra
vings of the latest styles.
5..Literary Notes-devoted to reviews
tail criticismis of new books and general
information.
6. Cliildrent's Departiment--firnishing
instruction and elntertaiunhient to ihe
Boys antil CGirls, and tllose older peoplo
who hiave young hearts. It is elnbelis
ell with high class illustrafione of
Natural history, Wonderful cenller and
rare incidents..
7. Hlousekeeper's Department -com
prisilig ilnformiation and recilps,taltqa of
whlichi are original and lpunlished for the
first time, all collected from tlhteliiut
_autthetic sources.
It will be the constant aim of thli
Household Publdishing ConuitRly to maike
THEI ILLUSTRATED IO0SEIIOLD
MAG(-\JNE in the futlre, as Wood's
Hlonuhold Magazine has. been in the
lilst,
THE BEST DOLLAR MONTHILY PUL'J
LISIlED,
sparing lneither eflort, t.rouble pr ,t-"
pense in sncuringl the Best Wrjterk as
contribii tors, liand the Best Artit4lito pra~
duce illustrations to enrich itsllage,
AGENT'I'S WANTED.
1 We requaire a good, faithflll &euit is"
every town throlnghloutl the i'n.td Llate
.a.i Cian.la. who will e:arnestly enil- in
the businerss. jlrcsaring subo.ta$e
not for.a i, ltew lays or ra month oltyb.t
lermnluelitly-wilit a iinu .det~rnldatIle
to cllvaiss thelltighjy and catefllrlly
entire Iieldl selee4l, imroin lg veryp
Iortnity3' to feailie Jil that can y!
be( mand, front the introduetim of he
Magazine.
OIr Pliemiam and OCGfvlb s Lw qil
oflier great (iqduieenents for 'wolulrtlg 14
oulr lctialf ,chiool lrnl O'luiruhllc·s lu
bUh' 433 tillunisu,4 4tpipoirttutity4 .pxeqr
Musit al IhlstLiluelnt ronl tJl lil.4
ufaturers, witth comrparatihelylijl
exertionis. Arlt.liJlls, ,hmp044siiaonaL p5C
.nd 1 tu.~lnts nI.ay gratify their 1tery
taste I. Ir£.il( fio1n trlw'o glbiilug
List. (Lildre.n ,mlay etarns a a
liog 4lelsired articles by bahnir fi
few.*lsnbcrilbes rtqullita4: ' gl. OJ
GDubimen Copies mailed; eit.pel4tL,
raly addrlessl upoln: rIeipb o Uleatleia
The postage withia thu liUnitkiteu
is T:Lsn Cents a earw hiaohlo uht IlmEsar
wdrdedii: itja t dlttaubericpi~a~ nss ithe
Iew 1Po4,tal Law reql igtblaptrh.haye
mejtrt of al umwel LIv. pam r b iy 0 rs
t issewl. es, ianst ad~ife qltsasrib~els, gooat
p1 ius:t. aollect the Ipiag iln adrhuadm.
SSend. for Lireal:te eoutidiugtiraes-o ei
coimlliussion aid inlae ite ltd it canvi
srs. anld:the Pressiau agida ji ldd'g
last , I , .:i'
.V contiine to tir t,'is .cejb~i cm
Oil .Chrnpio i!,I,.tcipn aiil. thLe II.
liitattel l 1i,*iypitolA Mitgazizye, f'lairlnh
itn t tlo ly 4ul u ai rclupoa .th
ieowigthe vuey,,ceOrou . It !.ps: ;
"Wills Arted Ironw, L -T'
The Mfouite.i Chromlto is dtlivs4elle t
oulr otIice, or by ..a.Iiv r, or, boxed sad
sent by express at suilscriber's expense
or ntlt by adil upou..recejptof iTwentC
Ceuts extlaS .(p ostage. The Unwoun),
edl Chiromo isRselt free by iuiil.
All oomumnications mnust he sildlreseed
IIOUIEHIlOLD PUBlIS,1H IN4; C00.,
41 Park Row, Xidlr York.
'l-!m'Dlo r xneii t-nlc
womlLelt anLd ageultt, we have juLst itsL,
nll needl Oirn xll Motittel OCbrqolp
,n'tsell anythlng il t.le market. Mr. ''r
sonts' write;: " ·s truck out yestenlray opl
.y w,,kilng .ay follr houllts, cleatLmd ..
A adyo hasjust reported h.erprolti . te
Ihe ore!toon aste$3; yesterday up Io,
o'clock O he cleard $7 50. tWe cy proey
beyond quantion thiat one agentl %¶t lreri:
5.6e0) of these chlronleis inl elev nrilir
ing dai.ys. We have the largest awt uiRAOL ,
assorthment hii t11e Ulmited Stats'; laa
dreds of Clheice suibjects from. wlich Io
select. We will send youn an annisrtiwd 10
of the lbest selling free of clarge on' *wsr
reipts of $(150. Mid in your orners or
for $1.
uowrot FRAMsE AIIIcIIndeo co.
2th Washingtea St.,'Boston, lIas.
P. 0. Boxa 2002,
to7' Get .your ptiitiig done at
the VINDICAo1r Job Offlee... '
• , .. ,,i,