tract; but the disgrace lies with the
Republican party for attempting to
steal that much of the people's money
and it shall be made to bear it. If
you construe the organization) of the
white people of this parish to resist
the further advance of your party, in
the destruction of their liberties, and
the confiscation of their property, into
'a movement to array one race against
another, and "you cannot see it iln
any other light," so be it. For we
construe that into just this, and noth
ing less. You and your party, being
all colored in its voting strength, are
determined to give us just such rule
as we have had ; to continue to plun
der jllst as we have been plundered,
and we attempt to organize to resist;
that movement will be declared by
you to be a desire on our part to bring
the two races into direct conflict. We
can see your "statement in no other
light," and such being the case we
emphatically say, let it come. We are
prepared to "assume the resposibili
ty," no matter how "grave." We
will "bear the load" cheerfully, and
we desire not, the "envy even, of so
,lausible a gentleman? as the editor of
the !Lepublicant.
As far as the payment of the mileage
and per diem to the members of the
McEncry Legislatuire is concerned, we
must say that the oposition comes to
late ; yoe should have thought of that
before you paid them ; and remember
that, although the payment Was a
dangerous "precident," was wrong,
still it was made by Republicans to
Democrats i and while upon the sub
ject, we could suggest that if your leg
islature had desired to have (lone the
legal and just thing-to have fulfiled
the wishes of the tax payers, they
should have then given seats to the
members of the McEnery Legislature
whio were certainly entitled to them.
"The people will bear in mind that
the tax collectors in seizing property
on the delinquent tax, do so at the
special instance of the Auditor, and
inuseizing for back taxes, the taxes for
187t1 must be included or be lost. The
withholding of the back taxes is not
within his discretion. To relieve the
pIople of taxes it does not require
mass meetings and passionate speech
es, for if any taxpayer will call on
the collector and ask for time we
guarantee he will give him ample
-time if lie is unable to pay the taxes
now. The tax collector does not put
the estimation of the valuation on the
property on the tableau, The meet
ing represented the only onerous tax,
and thatfact should not have been
ovelinoked.
We contend that the tax collector
Shars not followed out the spirit of his
instructions, and we have private let
ters from the Auditor before us that
simply state that our interpretation
of his order is correct, low could a
person who is unable to pay the taxes
of 1873 uponhis property now, pay
the delinquent taxes of 70, '71, or '72.
Such an idea is simply preposterous.
The Auditor saoys "don't press the
people who are willing but unable to
ipay until fall, when they will have
means by the sale of their crops"
this is plain of course. No mention is
tmade with regard to delinquent taxes
4ecause the Auditor naturally sup
posed a person that could not pay
all, could not pay any. But the col
clector saw a small loophole to work
his "erushing process" through, and
be iimediately begins "to warm the
war in our ehit." The judgmentl
crlitors from one side, are not pres- (
sing us, and we venture to say they t
are willisng to go farther in the way
of namtmuenit relief for the tax payers t
than any man in, or in fact the whole i
lRepublican party. r
We think we can discern the mean
ing of the meeting, and we advise all
good and law-abiding citizens not to
pIrecipitate themselves into any move
nlent that would tend to violate and
defy thelaws. .Violentand indiscreet
speeches brought on the last war, and a
those who made them and should have
been in the front, were often found
to be in some snug position, or were
exempt On account of their property.
The consequence'was that the poorer ¶
class of citizens had to bear the whole
load, and their property destroyed.
Such was the the last war, and we
hope that we may not see a repetition t
of IL. This thins of arraying one class t1
against another is a serious business;
it is contrary tolaw ; it is defying the
law. A mind ijs.that condition needs b
repose and reIlection-serious reflec
tion befor action, because it con
trollthe man, and not the man the
mind. We hope we bnay be wrong in
what we think we discern, becausne it
otherwise ouoa State would be forever
ruined, Remain at your peaceful
hohies aid attend to your peaceful
avoeatitons surrounded by your fa
mily and your friends. Allow no one ol
to tamper with the hlapiness of your
selfand family. If yeou need relief
from taxatbn the government and 'a
the paisih will grant it, but am you th
valune your peace and happiness dot
not resort to violence to force a thing
that wouldl be accorded to you on mere
application. Olffice is the foundation a
of all politieal disputes, and I know in
that the farmer does not desire to "
Sheap trouble upon himself for the ad
vancement of any person to office, uIn
the South each race is dependent on W
the other, neither can successfully m
thrive without the aissiptance of the n
io other."
to We venture to say that the above
y extract contains more "buncomb," and
If is full of more little sly hints and
1e threats than any thing of its heft our
st readers ever before read. "The guil
*n ty heart quakes'at the first (sound of
A alarm." The person that penned those
to lines we know must be'a fatherlylman.
At See with what,care he would have us
in conduct ourselves, and with what
Te gentle admonition he chides us to
t- obey his advice-"to remain quietly
ig at our homes." We might ruin the
re State if we attempt to resist his party,
le Bali! This reminds us more of the
s- tory of the oldm:nan whose son John
d, nie slept up stairs at the old home
; stead. Johnnie, like all boys, had a
)y habit of oversleeping himself, which
ig lie indulged in whenever opportunity
e presented. One morning, rather late,
Br the old man called from the foot of
re the stairs to his sleeping son: "John
o nie, my son, come, get up, get up, and I
,- look at the beautiful sky, see the sun
e rise my boy, listen to the sweet birds
d singing their morning hymns to their
o G-d almighty d-n your hide if you 1
1f aint down here in five minutes I'll 1
break every bone in your carcass."
e "We don't hold that all of the offices a
e held by Republicans are competently 11
filled, yet that is not the fault of the (l
e Republican party. The men who pro- a
o fess to have all the brains do no feel
t disposed to affiliate with them, hence
r the party does its best. But we ex
pect all kind of abuse from the l)e
mocratic party ; it has a chronic af- 1
h fection for quarreling. It practiced
o on the political body of the old Whig c
- party and abused that out of exist- tl
once, and then angered because it did c
not exist longer so as to continue to t,
B "pitch in" while it was "spoiling for a n
1 quarrel." In politics abuse is a ne
cessary ingredient. The politician
without that quality is a mere novice. n
And it requires a man of an even
balanced mind to stand the trouble i'
and worry of politics." si
t Well now that is an admission we h
r never expected you to make, "that all 61
the offices are not properly filled that ii
r are held by Republicans," but the joke ct
comes in when you blame us for that' p
t How many of your sins do you intend P
to impose upon us any way f How
can any decent man remain with you n
or join you for any purpose, wJlcn
your whole party foundation stone is
office and spoils-your oaths binding
the nmembers of your party to vote tl
the ticket, right or wrong, competent o'
or incompetent to fill the position,
you mutst support the c',ndidate nom
inted. Old father Whlitehead, how r
do you expect any honest or respect- .
able man to affiliate with you when c
hlie will be bound up in such a way as
that ? No ! no! You have also made i
a probation clause, as far as holding
office is concerned; efthree and four
years, that in itself completely bars off w
all honest men that may join you for f
four years at least. The fact of its r
"requiring a man of even-balanced ft
mind to stand the worry and troubles b
of politics," can be aptly demonstrat- Ii
ed without going far from our city. ri
It must give the radical "pap suckers" p1
in our midst "trouble" to pulblicly
Ssteal from us and then face us with
open hands and smiling lips, like the
"fawning publican," and one other M
thing we notice the "balance" is gen- D
erally pretty even on their side also. j
"Tihe people generally are disposed J.
to be law-abiding unless advantage is A
taken of their necessities for the pur- 1H
pose ofinflaming tlfeir minds on ac- J.
count of that necessity. The laws of J.
the land must be respected, and they Jr
will be, or the government will be a ),
mere ball to be tossed about by every 8.
dissappointed politician. Have res- J.
pect for the law-obey the law-for A.
resistance to it leads to riot, revolu- B,
tion, anarchy and despotism. Some R.
people will not let good enough alone E
-never satisfied, and you will find A.
in many instances, that those who are J.
loudest in proclaiming to protect the W
people from high taxation, and tell J.
about the people's wrongs, that the Jn
people pay too great taxes, do ziot C.
pay one cent of tax; You recollect V.
that the greatest and most terrific N.
fought battles during the last war, J.
were fought with a stick, in the sand. W
There the warrior would take posi- Cl
tion, plait the campaign, flank the J.
Yankees at every turn, and finally iJ.
mark out a botomless lake and drive T.
the Yankees into it, and capture both H.
them and the lake. But you must M.
mind, the warriors remained at home! IR.
Yet for all that, they fought more
battles, and gained more victories -
than Gen. Lee did. "Sloh ist ife."n
We hope the people will receive
tihe relief they ask for from the Audi- da'
tor, and we feel assured they will, if TF
they make thbir complaint in prop
er shape. We will refer to this sub
ject again." Ti
Now we propose to give the writer
of that article a little friendly advice
by way of a moral, and as soldierly
advice, coming from one who fought
the enemy in the fields of Virginia,
not in "the sand with a crooked stick;
that is this, thas all such advice as his
might go a long ways with the "Mar
ines" but is utterly wasted upon the F
"old Sailors." We don't propose to
take the war experience of any one p
wvhosb time was spent in measuring
meal or butchering beef for the army;
nor do we wish the opinion of any J
one, as to who fought the battle of
ve the war and who did not; who in
ud trenched himself during the late un
id pleasantness behind a certificate of in
or sanity. Neither of the parties smelled
il- any thing like powder during the war,
of and if they did, it was not blolod.
se (-i OWLER.
'"' (This column is given to the public
us for an cxpressionIof views. The edit
at or is not responsible fior the ideas ex
to pressed in correspondence. Com
my unications must be addressed to
te ''"GRow.E I,'" P. 0., rare 'Vindicator.
'' We hope that our friends who have
Ie "ills" they cannot "bear" will take
" advantage of this means to "unload.")
a Dear (Gtowler :
What do 'ou thlihk of the Editor of
;y the "Ne'tX Departure Organ," so e:liled
Rq, bliatn, after digesting the BAn) beef
which he gets in the market for check
ing off the credit customers, gets poetical,
- and brings thrth the Natior al song of the
d . A. K. which sHians to be very appro
priate.
Yours, IAnrI.LR.
8 The Editor of the "so-called" has ai
rI pelchant for singing songs to the tune
u of"whosever beef I cat." Not many
1 years since he fairly made the city
"howl'" with his "Democratic Rooster" i
s and the "Gay old Carpet-bagger." 'If
v music be the food of love" he seems to be
e determined to give us a "square meal,"
Sand doles it out like the routine of a sa,
I scription dinner, hot and cold-Pickles
and Pie.
Dear Growler :
I Please give me your opinion about
certain persons who make it a part of
their duty, when visiting friends, to
I circulate false rumors, calculated only
to injure the reputation of our young
a meIn.
Yours, CONSTANCY.
Our opinion on this question can- I
not be forled freely, upon so little
information as that contained in 'Con"
stancys' note. We are not informed
how "our young men" conduct them- j
I selves when "visiting friends." Not I
t in such a manner, we hope, as to in
cur the necessity of "circulating re
ports." Friend, never circulat.o e
I ports calculated to injure any one,
and our advice would be that you
never call again when reports are li- F
able to injure you.
Dtat Growler:
I send you a return and the fate of
the party summoned, what think you
of it:
Received on June 18th, 1874, and
on same day of same month and year,
executed the within writ of attach
meant by attaching the within niamed
party eighteen mtiles distant fi'rom the
court house of the parish of Natchito- L
ches, and carried him before H. C.
Myers, DI)istrict Judge, who bought
his script 1and1 let him rip.
Yours, OBSERVER.
Observer, we simply "observe" that
we are not at all astonished at the
fairte of the return., Ils Honor don't
ireturn anything if he can keep it, and I
Sfrom his conduct heretofore, we have
begun to regard himn as a perfect po
litical "rip"; and by the way he has i
ripped into the public crib, he has am- mu
ply sustained that character. t)
Committee of Seventy.
M. J. CUNNINGIHIAM, Chairman.
M. H. Carver, W. A. Ponder,
D. Pierson, L. Charleville,
Henry Levy, Joseph Martin,
J. C. Trichel, T. Chaler,
J. A. Ducournau, W. V. Breazeale,
Amb. Sompayrac, Sidney Harrison,
W. 0. Breazeale, 1. Kahn,
J. Genius, C. H. Levy,
J. D. Addison, J. W. Suddath,
Jno. Genoe, M. Hertzog,
P. A. Simmons, WV. H. Jack,
S. O. Scruggs, T. Schuman,
J. E. Keegan, Win. M. Levy, I
A. Prudhomnume, Felix Bouits, 1
B. A. Terrett, Joe. lHenry, wi
R. E. Hammctt, E. V. Debieux,
Ed. Phillips, L. A. Deblieux,
A. V. Carter, W. B. Butler,
J. B. Flemmiog, Wm. Payne,
Willis Holmes, E. Mason,
J. HI. Cosgrove, Jacob Kilo,
Jno. Bludworth, W. S. Campbell, I
C. A. Bullard, Mortimer Perot,
V. Gannie, 1H. A. Weaver,
N. HII. Campbell, R. W. Taylor,
J. M. B. Tucker, ])Dr. Cassidy,
W. E. Russell, Sam'l. Parson,
Chas. LeRoy, Gee. Duncan,
J. J. Rains, A. Lecomte,
J. F. DeVargas, C. L. Walmsley,
T. J. Jeunings, T. Hailer,
H. McKenna, Alex. Garza,
M. Tauzin, Valery Murphy,
R. L. Faulkner, S. M. Hyams,
R. M. Kearney.
DIED
In this city, at 6 o'clock P. M., TuIes
dary, June 9th, 1874, Mrs. ELIZA HUN
TER, aged 74 years.
On the llth inst., at El Paso, Illinois,
THOS. D. HELM, formerly a resident of
this place, aged about 38 years.
G. W. Stoner, a
(SeeC.SoeR TO) of
Al
"FRUIT TREES, ORNAMENTAL Plants,
! Flower Seed Grown in the South, only ful
for the South; Largest stook; most com
plets assortment. Send for Illusnrated
Descriptive Catalogue.
WM. PAYNE,
Agent at Natchitoches, La.
June 20.-ly.
ed
I.',
X-ri SIFT' I-E a-..
to The World's Favorite.
r. ill StEAL.:S of tile SINGER last ear
, was the greatest ever attainedl for
any Sewing Machine in a year, and was
c nearly double the sales of its high est
) competitor, as may be seen 1by rl i rittE e
to t he aeemolt of sales for 187:3, froim
sworn rtet turns ni llle to the owners of tlh
Sewing 'h achine Patent-front which
f statistics we select the live lailing mia
chines, siz:
of The Singer ,ohl 2.1,444
S " Wheeler & Wilson, " 119,190
" Iontstic, " 40,114
'" Orover & Baker, " 2),176
" Weed, " 21,,6.
It will he, observed that, the diltirene
a in ifavor of the' SIN(G El , is thie enunrmous
e amiolnt of 11,254 over the highest coin
petitor. 'This result has been obtained
a fter .ears of competition.
Y We submit to uan interested publie if it
" is claiming too m1uch to say -the Singeru
the worll.
GEO, W. RIOlERTA4, Agent,
Singer ,lanuftiletuui'ing Co.,
' June 20-m. hlocs, I.
OSWEGO
t Silver Gloss Starch.
f FOR TIIE LAUNDRY.
I: Manualictured lby
M T. KINCSFORD & SON,
HAS tEnCoM. A
IIOUSEOoLD N ECESSIT'Y.
Its great excellence has merited the commen
dation of lErope foIr .Ameriean manufacture.
PULVERIZED CORN STARCH, -
-Prepared by
T KIN t~S'OI(l) & SON,
:xpresaly for food, when it is p"operlv made
t R into Pulddings, is a desert of great excellence.
For sale by all First-class Grocers.
June 20 tIIl.
SPRINC CGOODS !
jTo, &., Ducourzi.nau,
---IEALE"I IN
Foreign and Domestic I)ry Good, Shloes,
HATS and (CLOTHING(;, l,
Corner Front, & Church Sis. I.
JUST RECEIVED full and complete
stock of tl,
ci
American ii
P'ri u ts, .lack
onets at reduced ,,,
kinils, Mourning goods, White &
colored Piques il .rades, Grce, ties,
Linen elicks, Artificial flotwers, Blle:'lhed
and BIrown cotonis, Liren Checks,
Cotton checks. ILinen ])rillings,
Ticking, Osna'urgs, I )enin .,
Blue and lhown (otton
atlres, ''rimminpgs of
all (t1.sc riptii.. -s,
Lintin I)rilings
Sheeting.
Full ,ine of Notions,
HIATS AND) SlOE:S OF ALL, S'P'ILES.
Complete Assortment oefGeuts
FuIrnishing goolds.
In Cansideration of the hI;trd times, Ihe
is offerintg tle ahole stock at mioderate
ani reduced prices. Call and examine
ftr yourselves.
April 4---hm.
EEKLY Sathrday Packet. I
For Grand Ecore, Montgomery, Alexandria
Pineville. Norman's, lharbin's,
Fort DeRussy.
And All Way Landings,
The A) l Magnificent anil tleat
running side-wheel passenger
packet
BART ABLE!,
DICK SINXOT, IMaster.
G. C. HAI.ITON,
T. J. IDowY, Clerks.
ILL run aRs long as thle water will permit,
leaving New Oria)au every Satr'day at 5
F. M., Grand Ecore ,wery Tuesdlay at 12Ml., andl
Alexandria every Wednesday at 12 ..
DTring the low water season, the hart Able
will be replaced by the A 1 light draft steamer
SABINE! i
For frcight or passage apply on board or to
JULES E. MESSI, Agent TT
HENRY GENIUS,
Worker In Tin, Copper aind
SHEET IRON,0
Corner FRONT & TIRUDEAU STS., l1
NATCilTOCHES, LA.
Ni
TI
Sir
Alsh, constantly on hand all kinds of 3
IHEATING AND COOKING STOVES
of the most improved patterns. -
All my stoves sold at city price and
guaranteed to be as represented. Lib
eral advantages offered to the trade.
Also, a fine stock of Tinware, Mletallic t
Roofing, &c. lif
Gutters and pipes promptly and care- e
fully repaired. dic
HENRY GENIUS,
Corner Frout aund Trudeau Sts., Ph
Natclhitoches, La. at1
Jan. 17, 17vTy.-- .1
A., .PEfII.Il-TI,
- DE:IAER IN
)Dry G(oods, (roceries,
--AND-
GINERAL 1E t1C1lANDISE,
Corner SECONI) & ST. D)lENIS ST:;..
NA'I'CIf1'I'OClHES, LA.
My (hl friendls and c.ustomnrs are i'n
formld thal I have l'olstallll' on haIr ll-l
)I:Y (a0l)S,
IOOTS, SIHOES,
1IAI,)HWAR1:,
r CI"TLiI.RY,
NO'T IO NR. .t Al )I.;.N S EEI), A C.. 4: ' .
,!pr'ial attention is giv'n to (;Rc( )Cil
InI iS. which are :dalway fresh aiil pure.
rThey consist of IJBACON,
,LARI),
111SUGAR,
a RICE:,
COE1'I;;.
* TEAS, ETC.
S I hi:1re also a flione variety of WINES,
~LIQUORS, TOBACCO, &C., &('.
Call aId ex:aiine lily ,ot(k of Gooi.s,
1 Which are sold1 1ehap for CASH.ll o4l,
ensuring raplid sales with small profits.
Attaheli to my est:ablishnment is a first
Sclass BAIR ROOW, where Lhiqulos of all
SkindIs can lie had by the drink.
A. PEIINI.
,Juie 2), 1874.- nm.
. ...-· - - .a.._.l
J. F. DITTRICH.
-Imporlete l' lnd I)Dealer in---
-IUFLIE, G Ur.i 6V PISTO LS,
(;ni Mlaterials , Ailllnitil andl Cuit
ltzry. ih'ch-l:us i (lt l to drcl llgais, of theI
iahsplt ill. Alvil oklla~rltenls.
Sole ault fil lr the 7'isiaiJyk .)Dulel
bar111 1'1'(1 le U(inn.
.1'o. S2 Chartres Rrret,
NEW II.ORLEANS, LA.
Muzzle 1o(lers alllerd to llrrecili 1oadhr
dl Aspliatch. All work warrient,,d.
I March 7-1y.
NE\V OIRLEANS ANI) GIRANi ECOI:E t
PACKET COMPANY.
PEOPLE'S LINE.
CAPITAL STOCK .............100.000 S
Divided into Shares of$100 00 Each. I
D O0KS OF' S'ISCI:RIP'TIN flor Stock in the
;I) above (Cul)lpanv. or4i.gnized iac',elordling to thl(
la ws of Lou'isialna, relative to c.orporatio ns : ar1
ni,)w opene'ld ill Natchitoches,! c at theit otit·e (' L.
li l'i'R ~l. Esq., who is duly aulthorized alll d enl.
owere'ld to receive siiubscriptions. Tweinty.-ivi,
d1noll rs ("2) 1per Share will be relllilod to , paid
in Cash by sublscribersl when callled on. pay inI
thrtee mon)ths. Thle laltlae whenl reuireh1, in r
istaallents of 1il per cent of which threeI
mlonths notice will be given.
IJOHN IIEINN.
Natchitnoliea. La., April 4, I~74.--t'
To e distributed
. . 8I:NE" '
44T{ SREIi-ANN AL
GIFT ENTERPRISE!
--TO BE IHAtN
SThe oUlyDA i, l uly t, 1)iibtin l
One rtilr Capital Prize
$10,000 in Gold!
One Prize istibu$5,000ed in Silver !
tFive Prizes S1,000
ie Prizes 5,00 GAll. EB.CAS''A
Ten Prizes $100 11
Two Family Carriages and Matched re
Horses with Silver-Mounted Ihlrness.
worth $1,50J eathi! fei
Two Buggies, Horses, &c., worth $600 wi
each. , ie
Two 'inelc-toned lRosewood Pianos, worth srl
$350i cu;h. u
Ten JFanmily 8ewing Maclhines, wortlh
$100 elch,
150(0 Gold and Siler Tierer Jlutinq
Watches (it 4ll,) worth froil $20 to
$300 each.
Gold Chains, Silver-ware, Jewelry,
&c., &C. .e1
Number of Gifts 10,000! Tickets no
limited to 50,000!
AGENTS WANTED TO SELL r,
TICKETS, to whom Liberal Premi- tie
ums will be paid. or
Single Tickets $2; Six Tickets $10; "
Twelve lTickets 820; Twenty-five6 40. i,
Circulars containing a fiull list of pri- en
zes, a description of Ihe lmnneiur of draw
ing, 'Itil other inlformliationll in reference to (
the Distributioln, will hle sellt t)o any one 1E
ordering them, All letters llillst be ad- v'1
dressed to o
Main Office, L. D). SINE, Box 86,
101 W. Fifth St. Cincinnati, 0.
Oct 4-ly.
OBSTACLES TO MARRIAGE.
Happy Relief for young Men ftrom
the effrcts of Errors and Abuses in early
life. Manhood Restored, Impediments
to Marriago removed. New method of
troeatment. New and remnarkable rome
dies. Books nd CirCenlars sent free, in i
sealed envelops. Address, HOWARDis)p
ASSOCIATION, h'o. 2 Southll Ninth St., "'
Philadelphia, Pa., an Inii iiution having r,
a high repllttition fir hlo(urahle ciliiduct
and professiolnal skill. 4a
1'rospccais 1fr I ;l---ctltl1h ir.
A' Ilhistratl- cd MonthlyI journ;1,'1. ,1i, r
ly adlmlttlad to he the Iand:i,,'...It '11.
riodical in the Worli. A ',r,
sentative anid Champtiun '
A eiivi i ''ai ,ta.,.
THili AlI)INE' , hhllt i' t iism l ithli a:i tli
,gulh 'ity. 1e;s w ,' o,l' 1 llf ' ti e:,' r' . one
11li( ' ile reV t ucl',Lharat lu'b,ic 1i . i :,,
,mi. li.als. It is an 'eleult m i ii:l
ioft' ure, ' it', l auld ranc el'nl VliIe e.,I
ta (.clle :i th f pi ltulres. ill ra sIll
1 a1 s t of atistia kiti i, i I:laul :n : v
.\ullllllt llh I actilh sutl tleledinr ttltlr'l t il lt '.
a fIleih 11111esuril to i frills.ll the ,I
\a sl t andltt ty ofta the Alillt ; t ;it i ..
nmost ;ippre"iated after it hIs A ,.Itn: hl, .
llup i t "the 'lose if l he l' al. ila' .11'I ,'
i.ornt llals 1itav 1 claim sltt ell'iaIr' I .:alp-11 . ,
Vuo pavirel with ' tI ,' als ,of 1 I si lar ,' i .i
ithe A'; lINE is a lltu iqan :i llid of 1 ieo'h l (,I I
replti oul-talol en.d unilapproa.ild iah.
'ittliy without ll 'lrul titiihn ii t, r i ' i
Icha'rter. TIll, possessor of a ,migle.
\'oltnie r innot U in l llcate the lni lt' '
lille paper aid eligravits, Ill a y I, ih
5ish a t i aeti e of til r o Oli lll C Illau S 1 ,,) ! 1", J ilt
its 'llest leal th, there atre thit Calliu,
. i A lRT DIEP AiRTM nIlclT, 1 .
The illustrations or the AI.ten'-: h1:
won al wlu'rl-wide retntalhe in. til inl (,
art entts of tluopei l it is ltn adi itted l la. l
ithat its wood its examph'.iles of t It
hlitsrhes t perfi tian ever attainiid. T 'll, '
ioneinoln prijndtlie, in favor of 'stei pilate.
is raplidi y yietlding to ' Itotre edinra td a :!(
dise hli tla ir taste which t eCto, 1 z- w i ,ll.
adi'antllltagt' a d sill, iorii a arti dit r~ al' th!
wieh t .sti tr tihr ility , l Ie pro iuc fla. ' I'
wilod-nlts of the A.Iani a l posseIratl.s-.- lt il
id l i'ctu' aIrd ellaoraatet tiniSh oat' tit: tr,
costly i site Ipilt . while l they Jhall 1 d ;a ,l, :
'ler renat rit g of lhe artist's origin:al
To ftully realize the wohde f,,l V. r..
which hse Ahline is doing I. lthe 1 uh( e (,a
art cult al re in Al lterienl. it is o tl; l,'
sa' Ill iconsiider; te cost to the pOip!,' i
till' tilher decent rel lresll 'e tation 'll thi
prodntilions of gre'atal, painlters.
In te isLiliti n tol (esinls hy, the itr niilat
l ofs the Natiolaiil Aedelty ail other nou,
lil lerin artislts, te Ahline will rlii
oeat txi ampls oif thiet hsl flareti illanl ril
sle le vited with view to tlha highesxlt fill
.tic S otelllsi al li ll'relilest gerall ililll,
Thus the s silserilr to the Aline a\ill,
a itr t i Silitºg istI, oItl illtln his o h ,i: ,
pleasures anid relhihing infliecies of i ti
irlt.
The quarterly tinied plates for t1874 '
be hb Thuts.. Moran and J. lV. W v.
Tle Christmasl issue fior ll74 u ll e, :
tai special desigN.s appropria to 1t 1.
seasoli, tby our est artists, land ill nt tsa•t
ia- nl r i"s t r cti s any o f ]ii' p h 'd ....
Premiums for 18741.
ve 'ry sulbscriher to the Aldin~ e I'7,
will receive a pair of chronls. Thel oni t.
inal pictures were paintled i oil for tleA
Spublihers of the Ahlinei, ly 'l'hoias hlo
Srail, w nhose greIat Colorado picture wiiasl
rlltha ed rby Conilgress, for tel thoillanlid
tdollars. The lt jects were chosen to re,'p
rcesnlit i. The Eastt " and " The West." ll t
is it view of tithe White Montains, tNew
fireen rid'ert Wyoanihg Terri'r,.a. Tei
ditbren e hin thiie nllaturet oflt'ihe se4efl -
thelemnsehefPi is a p1leashill ao.tristiant EQ af
fds si ngtl display ofUL the artist's 'i'otl
id coloriz . Thoe p llchromosare ael h work
ed from thirty distdiet platrs, and arI in
size (wl bp 1i) atnd tll eara eneriet ft
shliehs of the originals. The lorlo sinlle . n
hIandsepsr iter to the iublscriher, of trh
Aldirnei was gi hohl hot ieiuliaprl happyir
ilea, and its oflecesful realization i. al
iteatfl ay 2ftf flhlowjii hihnronialr ovar
the ltigalitte iItoir. hiMrliila hinise, if:
plrloefs int color ngit yir choinioi. They ar
wonder tnully c icenst l rp, rwiolhhatiolo .
inechni0al C rtcesE otr the orilaial luaiti.
ings. Very Respectfully,
eily bi. They are wy an original Anerican
i'faetre, orlmln design; ofAnleriarn s iscrip
rti oly an Aberiean painter, aiid plreseit.d
1to slll·nrtilits to theirst cicli esst', fll Ahi
Journal. If no bet'tier becle of all this.
taey will eertiitl t itssess an inerest l
ure the f any the worse if thy p'blis of h
eulialr teilities of litrdue)hi- n pher t..t
the piplishet rs oa ly a tria llea whilo E(nItAh
i b every respect tli ogher chronio, tat are
price oM the AlTITNl P rso., Pi il
will prize these pictnres for thuemselvL-
not aor thn ponce tiher did or did not costt
and will t papreciatev the enterprise that
feretie for In tigul'e siuhjet, the publeishers
will t end "Tholghtsot i'Homle ia nlltw alv
eantifuil chranio, 14 by ' inches, iepre.
senting alittle Ithliai n exilt , wniiloe tt tphuk.
Eight ,l: e . a . I'r t'i: aiv n ¢