FLORAL GUIDE
F'or 187¬.
PUBLISHED Q(UARTERLY. JANUA
ry Nomber just issued, and contains
. over 100 1'.lges, 500 Engraving, descrip
tios of mre than 500 of our bost 'Flow
r :.," !c ivt,able' . with directioas for cul
";r, . olred Plat,. etc. Tlhe most use.
f'::1 :;1 el:':tu work of the kind in the
,orit. O:dly 5 cents for the year. Pub
ishted in Engilish and (;ern:n.
Adres:t, JAMES VICK,
,Jan. t16-y. Rochester, N. Y.
TIHE ILLU"RATED
OUSEIO!0LI I lll A11I.
WITH WHICH IS INCORPORATED
Oi'S IB illHO, MI8.II1L.
It is the intention of the conductors of
thil Magazine to still further Inllke it a
model of literary and mechaniciial excel
lence, and, with this view, no advantage
will be neglected which either talent or
capital can command to render each is
au an agreeable and instructive compen
dium of
POPULAR READING.
Its page-s will be devoted to popular
literature, science, art, education and so
cial development. Its characteristic fea
ture is comprehensiveness The mann
scripts no"w on hand, and others especiai
ly engaged, embrace an unusually attrae
tive list of Descriptive Sketches of Trav
Ad, Serial Stories, Tales Poems, Papers onil
Science and Art, Popular Essays, Nurra
tives, Literarf Criticisms, Fashions, etc.,
together with a variety of able and in
teresting articles uponu the Important
Questions of the Day. A large prolor
lion of the articles, especially those des
criptive of travel, will be
PROFUSELY ILLUSTRATED.
The pictorial embellishments of the
Magazine hereafter constituting one of
its most attractive features.
The purpose of the Publishers is to fur
nish a periodical which shall be instruc
tive in The Household, The Library and
The Reading Room, giving an abundance
of entertaining and popular literature
and information for both old and young,
carrying light, comfort and good nature
into every family, and making it accep
table for the whole Household-father
and mother, boys and girls, young men
and young women.
The Illustrated Household Magazine
includes several Distinct Departments,
each under competent and efficient man
agement, viz:
1. Sketches-consisting of Descriptions
of Travel and Adventure, Serial Stories,
Tales and Narratives, lavishly and ap
lpropriately illustrated.
2. Miscellany-made up of brilliant ex
tracts from new books, highly entertain
ing sketches of notable persons and
things from the best Foreign Publica
tions, Poems and Papers on Science and
Art.
3. Editorial Department-in which is
given brilliant essays upon a wide range
of subjects; social topics discussed and
current incidents and doings glanced at.
4. Fashion Department-containining a
resume of the Paris, London and New
York Fashions, illustrated with eugra
vings of the latest styles.
5. Literary Notes-devoted to reviews
anmd criticisms of new books and general
information.
G. Children's Department-furnishing
instruction and entertainment to the
Boys and Girls, and those older people
who have young hearts. It is embelish
ed with high class illustrations of
Natural History, Wonderful Scenery and
rare incidents.
7. Housekeeper's Department -om-n
prising information and recipes, many of
whiich are original and published for the
lirst time, all collected from the most
anthentic sources.
It will be the constant aim of the
Hlousehold Publishing Company to make
THE ILLUSTRATEID HOUSEHOLD I)
MAGAZINE in the future, as Wood's
Household Magazine has been in the
past,
TIIE BEST DOLLAR MONTHLY PUB
LISHED,
sparing neither effort, trouble nor eK
pense in securing the Best Writers as
contributors, and the Best Artists to pro
duce illustrations to enrich its pages.
AGENTS WANTED.
We require a good, faithful Agent in
every town throughout the Ulnited States
and Canda, who will earnestly engage in
the business of procuring subscrilbers- 1
not for a few days or a' month only. but
permanently-with a firm determnlation
to canvass thoroughly and carefully b he
entire field selected, inmproving every ohlp.
portunity to realize all that can possily
be made from the introduction of the
Magazine.
Our Premitm and Clubbing Lists
offer great inducements for working in
our behalf. Schools and Chbrches have
here an unusual opportunity to procure
Musical Instruments from the best man
ufacturers, with comparatively slight
exertions. Artisans, Professional Men1
and Students may gratify their literary 4
tastes by ordering from the Clubbing
List. Children may earn and own many
long desired articles by obtaining the
few subscribers required. ,
TERMS:
YEARLY SUBSCRIPTION r$1.00.
Specimen Copies mailed, post-paid, to
any address upon receipt of Ten Cents.
Tho postage within the United States
is Ten Cents a year, which must be for
warded with the subscription, as the
new Postal Law requiring the prepay
meat of all magazines by publishers
themselves, instead of subscribers, com
pels us to collect the postage in advance.
Send for Circulars containmg rates of
commission and inducements to canvas
srs, and the Premium and Clubbing
Lists.
THE YOSEMITE VALLEr.
We continue to offer this celebrated
Oil Chromo in connection with the Il
lustrated Household Magazine, furnish
ing them to our subscribers upon the
following very generous terms:
With Mounted Chromeo, $2.00. Un
somated Chrome, $1.50.
The Mounted Chrome is delivered at
our office, or by canvassers, or boxed and
sent by express at sbscriber' expense.
or sent by mail upon receipt of Twenty
Cents extra for postage. The Unmount
ed Chromo is sent free by mail.
All communications must be addressed
HOUSEHOLD PUBLISHINGo CO.,
41 Park Row, New York,
P ople's Viildlcittor,
FOR 1875.
We take pleasure in announcing to the
unumerous friends of the VINDICTOR,
that we have perfected arrangemacuts foi
the cont.iiuatiol of its publicantion upon
Sa firm basis. The public are well aw re
of the dilliculties under which the Con
. srvative press of Louisiana labor; the
infamous printing law passed by a parti
san Legislature, solely to foster and up
hold, at the expense of the tax-payers,
- journals entirely antagonistical to their
interest. and at war upon their lih rties,
and by forcing, under the forma of law,
our citizens to advertise in these oUicial
papers, to break down their power, the
Conservative and Democratic pr.ess ; con
sequently we ae are compelled to deplenud
for support upon the geuerous contrihli
tion o'fa people alresly lpo rty-strikenel
but we feel assured that theY wi1l not
f fail to sustain their main power in the
t war of virtue agaiust vice-
I'ce Fearless .While Man's Press of
Louisiana.
The future tone of this paper. can be
judged from its past. We will continue
to advocate to success, the rights of the
TAXEI). that honesty and capability,
r ALONE, shall constitute grounds for po
- litical pref~tirent, and ia continued and
n- ever ceasing war upon Kellogg and his
- corrupt oflicials-knowing them to be in
COlllutucl with their Chief, both usurpers
- and thieves.
We can assure the public that we will
I not hesitate to attack the acts of any po
litical organization, when we believe
them to be antagonistic to public good.
- We are the servant of no clique or party,
t and intend solely to protect and defeind
- the rights and liberties, in our honest
- way, of the whole people--beliteving that
we have done sutlicient service in the'
cause of the PEOPLE in the past, we
confidently expect their support in the
f future.
TERMS:
1 Copy 1 year.................... $3
1 " 6 os ....................... $9
(Invariably in advance.)
We furnish as a[premium to each paid
up subscriber, for one year from the first
of January, a fine STEEL ENGRAVING,
19x24 inches, of almost any Historical
subject.
JaS. I..COSGROVE,
Editor.
PELLI & AREAUX,
Publishers.
THE BEST PAPER. TRY IT.
. POSTAGE FREE.
"Beautifully Illustrated.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN now in
its 30th year, enjoys the widht circula
tion of any weekly newspaper bfthe kind
in the world. A new volume commences
January 4,1875.
Its contents embrace the latest and most
interesting information pertaining to the
Industrial, Mechanical, and Scientific Pro.
gress of the World; Descriptions, with
Beautiful Engravings, of New Inventions,
New Processes, and Improved Industries
of all kinds; Useful Notes, Recipes, Sug
I gestions and Advice, by Practical Writers.
for Workmen and Employers. in all the
various arts.
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN is the
cheapest and best illustrated weekly pa
per published. Every number contains
from 10 to 15 original engravings of new
machinery and novi·l inventions
ENGIIAVI GS, illustrating Improve
ments, Discoveries, and Important Works,
pertaining to Civil and Methanica Engi
neering, Milling- Mining and Metallurgy;
Records of the latest pI'ogress in the Ap
pli;cations of Steamn, Steam Engineering,
Railways. Ship Building, Navigation.
Telegrllphy, Telegraph Engineering, Elec
tricity, Magnetism, Light and Heat.
FARMERS, Mechanics, Engineers.
Inventors, Manufacturers. Chemnists, Lov
ers of Science, Teachers, Clergymen, Law
yers, and People of all Professions, will
lind the SrIENTIFIC 'AMERIC&N useful to
them. It should have a place in every
Family, Library, Study, office, and Cotnt
ing Room; in every Reading Room,
College, Academy or School.
A year's numbe a contain 832 pages and
SEV.ERAL IItuS'NDRED ENGRAVING-S Thou
sands of volumes are lperserved for bind
ing and reference. Thbe practical receipts
-are well worth ten times the subscription
price. Terms $320 a year by mail, in
cluding postage. Discunt to Clubs 8pe
cimens stlent free. May be had of all News
De alers.
PATENTS. In"""""
AME.IcAX, 0Messr.. MUNN & Co. are
Solietors of American and Foreign Patents,
andl have the largest esthllishment in tie
worhlt More than fifty thousand applieca
tions have bIeeu made for patents through
their agency.
Pateiuts are obtained on the best terms
Models of New inventions and sketches
examined and advice tree. A special
notice is made in the Scientitfic American
-of all Inventions Patented through this
Agency, with the name and residlent of
the Patentee. Patents are often sold in
I part or whole, to persons attracted to the
invention by such notice. Send for
Pamphlet, 110 pages, laws and tfull di
rections for obtaining Patents.
Address for the Paper, or concerning
SPatents, MUNN & Co., 37 Park Row
NT. Y. Brach Office, cor. F and 7th 8ts.
u Washinton, D C.
Jany 11875.--v
women and agents, we have just what
you need Our Oxll Mounted Chromes
- outsell anything in the market. Mr. Per
sons write: "'I struck out yesterday, stud
by working easy four hours, cleared $7."
A lady has just reported her profits for
the forenoon as $5; yesterday uip to 2
o'clock she cleared $7 60. We can prove
beyond question that one agent ordered
5, 00 of these chromos in eleven work
ing days. We have the largest and finest
assortment in the United States; hun
dreds of choice subjects from which to
select. We will sendyou an assorted 100
of the best selling free of charge on re
ceipts of $650. Send in your orders or
give us a call. Samples by mail 25c., or
12 for ,.
BOiTON FRAME AND CHROMO CO.
292 Washington St., Boston, Mass.
P. O. Box 2662.
I" Get your printing done at
the VINDW0ATO3 Job Ofiee,
r 
it1) V ii;.l: l IT'il'' :ý t!;t1 ;moM't \Wol er
e fill Ilvi " i 'ralI thl:at ever 8t'l4,Lailed(
1- the sinlkinig .syv.Ateln.
t No Perl't vanl ta h,',:0 e Mit.
S ters accorid ing to directlonls. anid re
llhmain lung 'tllWt l. porided tlhe!r
, olleS li ale nt tiest l t int·l i,' li!ilel'ral
l)0oiS(lI or uthler Ileall, anid vital or
galn agtet ltiVou'd re'p:r.
if Bilious, Rfenmittenl, and In
terillittllt Fe'vi s, which are so
,e )Irvatent in the valleys of odr great
I rivers' tlhroughout the L'llited States,
L espeeiarly those of the .Mississippi,
, Ohio, Misscur, Illinois, Tennessee,
o- Cniberlaand, Arkansas, Ited, Colo
4 rado. Blrazos, Rio Girantde, Pearl,
SAlabama, Mobile. Savtannah. Ito
S anioke, James, and many others,
rs with their vast tributaries, thrlough
11 out our entire country dlur'ing the
. Sununer aniid Autititnl, ail relliarkat
re bly so dtiiunig seasons of unusual
1. heat and dlyliess. iare invairiably ac
', conipanied by extensive derange
id ielcts of the stomach and liver, anlit
4t other abdominal l viscera. In their
treatillo11t, a purgative, exerting a
S o\erfil illtlence llupon these var'i
ous ol'lllans. is essenll. liv Iln.e.S1irv.
'Ther· is no cathartic tfor the purpose
eqtuall to DR. .. V. WAiKElR'S VItxrNIAl
B14 i'rtIts, as thLie will spe.edliih remiove
3 the dllrk-colored viscid Imatter with whlich
)2 the bowels are llilded. at the salme time
stimnulating the secretions of the lirrr,
andl generally restoring the healthy Ifuic
id tions of the diipslive orgluls.
s Fortify the boldy a:igiist di.
e, ease by purtifying all its iluids witrh
ul VISKoAt Ibr''EittS. .No epidenie l eaI
take hold of a system thus tlfor-arlmed.
DIys,!lsila or Indigestion, iI:al
achre, Piarin in the Shouldellrs, Coughs.
Tightness of the Chest, D)iiziness, Sour
irnucttions of tilhe Stonmaeh. Bad Taste
in the Mouth, llious Attacks, Palpita
tion of the Heart, Inullaunnition of the
Lunigs, i Pain i the region of the Kidlnevs,
and a hundred other painfu hl sylptlols,
aire the offspring.s of )yspe!sia. One bot
tie will prove a hotter girillatee of its
mlerits than a lelgtclllh atlvertisevlet.
Serofula, or King's Evil, Wlhito
Swellings., Ulers, Ervysipehs, Swelled
in Neck, Goitre, Scnrouluus Illlaunlliltionls,
a. Indolent I IlalnuItionls, Mercurial iºLlieC
º4 tions, Old Sores, Eruptions of the Skin.
eo Sore Eyes, etc. In these. as in all other
conlstitutionalll Discses.e. 'AtLKEIK'S VIv
st ' ArS BI'rirait have shownll their grl'eat cur
e Iative lpowers in the most obstlinte and
D. intractable cases.
h For hIflaminatory and Chronic
l, Rheumatism, Gou, out, iltious, Remit
es tent and Initerlittent Fevers. IDiseases
( of the Blood, Liver, Kidneyis and Bladder.
s+ these Bitters have no equal. Such Di.
1e eases are caused by Vitiated Blood.
Mechanical Diseases.-Person~
'e engaged in Paints and Mineral,. such as
P ituIbgrs, Type-setters, Gold-bolaterLs aind
. Miners, as they advance ill life, are sub
iect to paralsii of thle lBowels. T'lo pgtarli,
Igaitnst this, tike a dose of WaLKEL 5 '
e \"tltltdo BIIT tlts occa.tionally.
S For Skin I)isase4e, Eruptions,
S'Tctter, Salt-liheulnl. Blotcths, phis, I'ili
' ples. Pustules, loils, Carbunmcles. Kiig
wonolls, Scald-he dl, Sore Eyes. Er'sipe
Sias, Itch, Scurfs, I)isco!olratioll.s o;f lth
kiln, Humors ild Diaseaes of the Ski 1of
' hittever namne or natllre, are literallv
.ig up *lld carried out of the systeml in a
h' 'hrt time by the use of these Hitters.
Pin, Tape, and other Wormns,
11 urkilg in the system of so riany thou
Santds, are elfetu.lly destroyed and re
.inoved. No system of miedicine, no ver
,liifuges, no aulthelinities will free the
v:stem from wormns.like these Bitters.
For Fenmale Complaints, in young
,d r old, married or single, at the dawn of'
I. lwomanhood, orthe turn of life, these Toln
1. ie Bitters display so decided an influence
a that improvelllent is soon perceptible.
n Cleanse the Vitiated Blood
w- vhenever you tindit its itpritilesburstinig
te- tlrough the skin in Pimples, Ernptions,
is or Sores; cleanse it when you find it ob.
structed and sluggish in the veins; cleanse
h it when it is foul- your feelings will tell
c you when. Keep the blood pure, and the
e health of the spvastem will follow.
R, l. ICleDO.NAILD lit CO.,
Druggists & Gen. Agts.. Sll Fralncisco. Califor
le ia, & ecor. ofWaslhintrton and Chliuhtoit Sta.. N.Y
i sold iy all Druggits aInli Dealh-r
Dr. J. Walker's Californla
sVinegar Blitters are a purely Veg
* etable preparation, made chiefly firom
a the native herbs found on the lower
" ranges of the Sierra Nevada moun
tains of California, the medicinal
r properties of which are extracted
e therefrom without the use of Alcebhol.
sr The question is almost daily asked,
i- "What is the cause of the unpar
alleled suepss of VINEGoAR BIT
STElRs i" Our answer is, that they
W remove the cause of disease, and
* the patient recovers his health. They
are the great blood purifier land a
life-giving principle, a perfect Beno
- vator and Invigolrator of the isystem.
, Never blfore in the history of the world
has a medicine been compounded pos
sessing the remalrkabhle qualities of Vax
RoAt BlrTiRs in healing the sick of
Severy disease man is heir to. They are
a -gentle Purgative its weli as a Tonic,
relieving Congestion or Inflammation of
Sthe Liver and Visceral Organs, in Bilious
SDiseases.
The properties of D. WALK
- a's Vtxoaa Birrrans are Aperient. Dia
plihoretic, Carminative, Nutritious, Laza
tire, Diuretic, Sedative, Counter-lrritant,
SSudorific, Alterative, and Anti-Bilious.
WEtallet .- We will give
r -energetic men an women
SBusiness that will Pay
Sfrom 4ll to $8 per day, can be procured
in your own neighborhoodl, and is strict
ly honorable. Par'ticulart free, or Samples
worth several dollars that will enable
you to go to work at once, will be sent
no receipt of fifty cents.
Address J. LATHAM & CO..
Oil Washington St., Boston, Miass.
JOB OFFICE.
ALL KINDS OF
JOB PRINTING
EXECUTEDWITII
Neatness and Dispatch.
POSTERS,
HAND BILLS,
C1RCULARS,
WEDDING and BALL TICKETS~ ,
CARDS
BLANKS
Of Every Description
Printed at Reasonable Rates.
W Persons desiraous of having JoR.
PlmtrIxo done neatly, expeditiously and
cheap are invited to call at the offeeof
the ,Yr.maco.n
POSI IV1YEY NO C(IO.OUS.
-he DAJNB3VT News.
FOR 1874.
Containing every week FOIRTY COL
' UIdNS of choice reading nat
ter, printed on elear, hbnd
some type, and tilne
white paper
HE NEWS is edited hyl the I):hui -
ry Ntws Man ; in contri,,t,ltd to by
George Alfred Towucneil, the clhif ofL
Newspaper Correspoudents, and ethier
excellent writers, who will furnish fresh
correspondence frolt the leading cities,
and contributeI to the editori:ll cdlunmns.
The NEWXV has it. own Seiel,titic,
Frashionl, Chess amnd Puzzle editors; plh
lieshes the best original uatter, tlhe best
miscellany, and the freshest and best
miscrllany, and the freshest and best
stories. In all its departments it is
edited with scrupulous care,, and, is, in
consequence one of the best Family
Journals published. Sample Copies free
-send for one.
TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION:
One Year.. ......................$.. .00
Special rates I Postmasters and clubs.
BAILEY & DONOVAN,
Danbury, Coln.
Ayer's
Sarsap arilla
Is widely known
as one of the most
effectual reme
dies ever discov
eted for cleans
ing the system
and purifying the
blood. It has
stood the test of
yeats, with a con
stantly growing
reputation, based on its intrinsic virtues,
and sustained by its remarkable cures.
So mild as to be safe and beneficial to
children, and yet so -searching as to
effectually purge o'.t the great corrup
tions of the blood, such, as the scxof
ulous and syplhiliti ' conitaiuination.
Impurities or diseases that have lurked
in the system for years.soon yield to
this powerful antidote, andi disappear.
Hence its wo;!Ilerful cures, matiy of
which are publicly known, of Scrulula,
and all scrofuloup. diseases, Ulcers,
Eruptions, and eruptive disorders of
the skin, Tumors, IBlotqhes, Boils,
Pimnple, Pustules, Sores, St.
Anthony's Fire, Rose or Ery
;ipelas, Tetter, . Salt Rheum,
Scald Head, Riangwormn.and in
ternal Ulcerations of the Uttus,
Stomach, and Liver. It also cures
other complaints, to which it wonld not
seem especially adapted, such as Drop
sy, Dyspepsia, Fits, Neuralgºia,
Heart Disease, Female 'Weak .
ness, Debility, and Leueorrhara,
when they are manifestations of the
scrofulous poisons. - -
It is an excellent restoerr of healthh
and strength in the Sprini. By ren.w
Ing the appetite and vigor of thle ldi'_es
tive organs, it dissipates the depression
and listless lanluor of the season.
Even whlere no disordler appears. penope
feelbetter, and live loner, forielasini
the blood. The system moves on ,'ith
renewed vigor andm a new lease of life.
PRbPARED BY
Dr. J. C. AYER & CO., Lowell, Mass.;
IuWa.s anl u si A erg.e Csneslsian.
SlD0 3? A.I Da3U0015?5 mvsarmvwnu.
Ayer's Ague Cure,
For PveyFland Am,_ Intermitt6it e
vet", Ui FPever, kemittent i'eve.
Dumb .smel Pesridial ow Bilious '
ver, do., ial indeed al the asfetions
whfoh arise fom malarious, marsh, or
aelmas ia souos.
No one iemedy is louder
calle4 for by the.neeessities
of the American peoplethan
a sure and safe cure for
Fever mid Arge.. Such
we are now ensabled to ofer,
Swithr aVrict certainty that
it will eradleate the disease, and with aisrl
save, founde4, on: proof, that no ham eam
arise from its ius Jli any quantity. .
That which iirotects fri or prevents this
disorder must be of irmense service In the
comnmosities wher it pevails.' Preveson
is better than cure: for the patient eeapes the
risk whiclh.ie must run:i violent attaocksof
this balofld distemper. This" C lpst 'expels
tle lasmatico polkon of.ovr an IAgeI
fomn the syltem, and prevents the develop
ment of the disease, if tithea id the' llrst
approach of Its premionitory syinptolat. A
great supeaCFority ofr this remedy' over any
'ther evver isoveyed forltc spel y land te.
tain curp of Intermittenq is, that it contains
no Quinine or mineral; co!ns(lueutly it pro.
'duces'ulii quinism or othr'itaJurious edeeti"
whatever lupon the c6nstitutlon. Those esre
by it are left . healthy Lsif they had .ATv
•had the disease.
PNeer and Ages l, not ajone te cosy'
sequence of the miasmatio pqisop. A ppa
variety of disorders arise frodi its rritation,
•snmong which are NWregtir m, themt~e.
Ikme, **sio, UModimes, 3luidmogh*s,
'**imeh saamr he, cgmait,Ass.
-, m.sPaltltmL o,Nm lFlt. Ateclom
*@Ishe .plO.e., ryeric, ualsin S she.
Dowel, Cele, Puirs, lsie, and 4derange.
ment of the Stomach, all of which, wheii
originating In this cause; ploUt on the inter
mittent type, or become periodical. This
"Cuonn". expels the poison fron .the .blood,!
and eonsequently cures them all;:alike, It Ws
an invaluable protection to imnigranmsnnd
pesons travelling or temporarily residing in
the dnalari6ris districts.' I taken occasion.
ally os daily while exposed to the ianfection,
Sthat will be exereted from the system, and
nemnot accumulate in sulcient quantity to
ripen into disease. ilence it is even muore
valuable for protection than cure; and few
will ever suffer from Inteiniittents if ther
avail themselves of the protection this rem.
edy affordls.
For Liver Complaints, arising from torpid.
Sty of the Liver, it is an excellent remnley,
:stimulating' the Liver into healthy activity,
and producing many truly remarkable eures,
where other medicines fall.
PREPARED Bt
DI. J. C. ATER A CO., Lowell, mass.,
Peseeeat std Amllesa Cemumoat,
.ID SOLD ALL BOUtm E WORLLs rr
W'HiY Y'U l!' 'I.D TA1Ki;
THE CINCINNATI ENilUIRE,
It is the 'People's paper, devoted *,
their interests and we.tar,..
It is an imlp:artial f"rie.;d to all r11; aiUI
pneaslures that hteefit. the Ce1lutry.
It is the entuny of all tnII, an4 meax.
ires that seet.k only pers.,nal ;:il at thn .
expense of the cuuiLryv's welfar,..
Its editorial c,lumns are 1br tl,. ,..,.
ci;:l j;arlottse of exo.,ing the frau:t',j
gove'l'lllllell t oftii;als, antl laws t~ :,hi,.,,
in ll:nllganlagn alcullazteid to, deceiv,: t;,; ti..
derstanding, and maake plain to it r,,'
ers th, motives. 'auses. a'.i e .,,., ,
general an5d special iegislativc actL,.
Its Inews columnls contain, th11 l,,.
news andl intelligenclle that ;an bie ob;t.,in.
ed froma the tfur quarters of" the ,lbe,
Iy w,,aalns of tho telegraph, imaiLs a,
correspondenice.
Its agricultural columns are the hi,.t
adaplted to the wants of farmr., aler
whom arte invited to give their "'m,,i.
etle anui rcsults of ne;w ideas all ,.
perimnents of all kind. of inpriv(,.e,, i -
e:lentated to advanuc the fItanning
torests.
One .ssue of tho EnIcmuirer ct~ ,i
than can be had from fifty oT s;,,
ed hlltrary papers. Nolne c an 1=,;,,:
the Enqnirer without adiitting.., a
able addition to his or her Stock of lu
edge.
Its market reports have for year., lee
acknowledged as the most complete ;rjIj
reliable publlished, and of great vahit to
stock Deahlers, Producers and Tra,:i.
men generally.
It has dep;utments and reading tf)r th
old and the young. For the faumily eir
cle and the counting house - For ti a',er.
chant and nmechanic-For the finlter a; l
stock dealer, and for ladies and g'lille.
men of every calling and stqtion in life.
Its terms are low .as arty first class ia
per can be printed for, aud the qluality
and quantuty of reading matter used n';t
excelled by any other paler.
Try it for this year. A Chromta for
every $2.00 Subscriber. Send yoe tr sub
scription direct to the office.
- R. R. R.'
RADWAY'S READY E!EF
OUvIuI TEr weas O &!IN
In from One to Twenty Minutee.
NOT ONE HOUR
IGA ahPIIsmIallveImeama
UVV3T PAIN.
. kwaslthArasall
The Only P Ia IBemedy
as mater m u vn sg Iadsswlrs , a
IN 13030331011 ! t mutrrr ur,
In mtw Son ain l w
iHUMAuNIJ. etuaetMar Im. .np o ,o
sIuril iora pOrss itralrn i r .asasmf
aADWAY'S IREAY iEUUI
WILL ArOas11 315sms am.
MMroFLAMAT oN MAlt
INIL ANAUnxO 01p ? I13350.
LtAPI1I ON urLU
afrtelare s blt l d ra wulla
M ieoore SNB RM I. 0l tarot
I. 3155l Tsa1M A
gilam t enut.
ms Rl<RW AeWiuRA
PRTRBNDA. trMy eh tere ran'
Ttaorea sid awusweyr a r.of a
Waus K.e w.alfe. w A w l . a
'i A hligmlilo lvl a ilI. l
1 ,ll500 .N?, aL CR.
the o aPeL I NlD sedag N
THE CREAT hLOOD PUSIEIt.
rODr UID 5o. IV.U 5DMr
uu lptis agi th
b wu iS olisihbfra "ldfl noI -
Ifla:hm; 'rw io.s /it
wsmr ~ lwu' L
_.....'m_ IUl ii q_'
I 4... It ADW AY'i IPoW-U 1Ie.
FALSI S~~rrrb a) 5U k~ISSSY