-00-I. -- zoo .3 .- ----- - ... ..
t5,
\- ! .a nl d the fri uc nd ot t lhe l' n , l i t .
i . . COSCROVE
34 140 ::00 3 002500
S;; - (F THE PEOPLE'' is T
100 M1200 4000 26S00 -0I4
' j3000 5100 766%00
,.1 1 5 UO,, T H E W E L F A R E 0 TI T H E Y E 1 --l ....EIk I·=:T . . . - =_ ... . . o . .. .. .... l ot i. - -·- ........ .-, .,,,,, p ,,, , -' " ':" ' "
21 0 2 ie ) 35 0e W i a a tch i o e s a ri h e s . . , hI E, er S i 0, . O' ."
 " ' . . . . . . . . .O.. . ... . . .. . .. -o--i u s . . . . .... . . ..,.,, , ,,
! -n---T:-=-:- .......... .. .... T..,,  ~ . LA - AU U YI 4,t 1
140(1f 3Q01 jo~l ______________
902 240 30 0000
,; 27 1)11 .~ 3 1 * 70 00 XEFR FTEPOL SrivSPEELW
LA., AUCUIV24, 18Th
ý', is u ertion. •. e la a
Mose _________ per~ squre +- -
1 _1 ---------
TRY1 ._ . . PLATFORM. Isoutlh America, of which coleh o alota A k for the Black Ma PCKIOE, q -- t
1 - - Tr PAT....,ORlo PICKLELS BEF.-P
Professional Cardgs.
C.J· CEWAIJVOJ~ I~IIP,
ATTOR4NEr4T JAn .
it. Denis StrIeti, Nttc~hito ,, ,La.
wI preaclice iutheCoartvtot ,gtg rhitoche`e
ýLbiu. Desoto andu Red River andnI~l
y.ece Court ,tthe Stato.
.I JaolL,
(Suc~eei4)r to JACK & PiKrttsdN%
A pey aad Counselor at Lau
NATCHITOCKES, ~A.
ILL nice (9 ibe e Courts of atdýlhitoello a
W'~lb~s . f peyot. fte Red iver inn.Rai~a
*adtl b' in the S u4 0 Qurt of the
oaart t.ttoagtll r U11lr(Pý
wx. 31. LRtY DNE C ;ARtR·t61
IVnh& SCARBOROUGH,
BTT'RIRNI'S AT L.J TV.
Hý Gl~O associatnd t thrmeelre6 t'il prjutice
]fist cr adtanti in the parishes of Winn rand
gtDSupreme Curt of Looisia IT,. S. 1i"
tiM and Circuit ontta of Loiidsian and V. S.
port or Clatimsat Waasehigton·.
Office in the Lacoste Bonildil g
(Up Stair's.)
NATCHITOCHES1.T\. LA
Aug.13, 15714-1c.
J H. CUNNIN(HHAM
· ýttoxa etc pcun elrr at naw,
St. Denis Street,
Natchitoches, " " : " LaTl
\C; TILL give pri;mI 1t :11111 pw1r'MInl l
tentioll ti) Iall .tisttM entriiuted to
his care i
Practices in the D)istrict ;1 t l
Courts in the Parishes of NatchitoChe,,
Red River, Desoto awtl Sahilie, anti before
the Supremeu, Court :at Monroe' MiA New I
Orleuas. Jain 5 7.-ly
JOYI' 5. ROBDERT *SO ',
(ltte of New Orleans,)
L-ROEiY & COUNSELOR AT LAW
( ,(U)JSH A'I' A. io
RED RIVER P':1ISKI , LOUISl.IINA. 1b
gill
Will practice in Couhattad , Niatchitor p
ehes, Manfield, Many, and in every part
tf North.west Louisiana. Special atten
tioe given to Land cases and Successious.
ylme sth, 1877-tf.
e.1,C. . F. DRANovGt. T. P. Cu'iw
W ', DRANGUET & CHAPLIN.
Attorneys at Law,
.NATCHITOCHES, LA.
Ifý i Co1 in thte pistrict Courts of
SNtchitoches, Sabi"le, DeSoto and
Red River and in the Supreme Court of
the State. March 2-1y.
J M. B. TUCKER,
Attorney and ounsellor at Lawa,
OFFICE
St. Deals Street, - - Natchitoches, La.
UtILL practice in the Diatrict and Par
Wish Colrts of Natchitocbes, Sabine
DiSoto and Red River, and the Supreme
Court of the State.
All buliness entrusted to his care will
recelve prompt attention. Apr 13-1y
1ENRY SAFFORD,
Attorney at Lair,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
V Oice ajourninfg that of Mr. Jack.
May 1 4mo.
39. A 3DU31D
Physician and surgeon
letsoimery., La.
- Magistrate.
JOHN IK. TUCKER,
Magistrate Ward I.
81. Deaier Slel, :.: Nalehitoclhes, IA.
ftiONtPT attettio ` given to all bnsieSn
clisooIlect'id atism tll cstin.
Inttntc im i his cater.
sfenrs to the B QuHria Dall y.
,Jas , 5 'Il-y
" t Bu aress Cards.
3' 0. Triolel,
'~a~ . 4-DEBALER N
. eOODS, GROCERIES, HARD" h
r' t
BOOTS and SHOES, HATS, c
ETC.
ib, ptle priMfor, Cotton and u
uco.
[PTI'
+. "iA8INOON. ST.,
` L!r. H, CAMPBELL I
·~la~BU & Campbel.l
"_,:, MAEPW.ARE,
Au4Pi~va1Mteroahsn4ii.
a7MMe IL.. testib ric psd' fbr t iouofloC iie~ad
fedt a A rb of
1~~~ tek4ll~lbrra~.k La
O ý 4LMSLEY & 00,
1'' 1 *1`IESCBA 4,
" r
Miscellaneous.
Loe
,be
tilt
t b in <
iei
CHILLS, FEVERS, DYSPEr'SIA I'
Female Disorders. Pre'arcd t y ga
'(ci. The Home Bitters Co., et. Louis, ii
Prescoribed By Pest FhVslciLlns, i,
and Sold by Dealers Evorvwhere. f e
gUiST uO.ENEar. er
BOERICKE & TAFEL'S f
lOMEOPATHIU
.,rn i I 1r
and 1 PHARMACY, 130 Canal Street,
1)1' NEW ORLEANS.
. A fhll stock of pure and reliable Hom, opathio t i
Medicines, as well as Family Medicine Cases,
and Bopks in English, German and French con- i
8,bot deacriptke Price Curwen.t
WV V,-ALEX. FROTHINGHAM & CO.,
Brokers, No. 12 Wall Street, New York, make 1I
dceirable investments in stocks, which frequent
ly pay from five to twenty times the amount in
vested. Stocks bought and carried as long a de- t
,ft sired on deposit of three per cent. Explanatory
circ lars and weekly reports scut free.
h. 0R.BUTT8
I lt- No. 12 N. Eighth St. /
Wd o to St. Louis, Mo. t
Who hbo had rpater np cmal in the treatment of the i
111leH, I inuhe Weitt gtv the r rults of his Iolle and nlhearim l !
Ie prctice hiu -w o ew w rk , l ut publi e, entitled
,fotre The PHYSIOLOCY OF MARRIAGE
New The PRIVATE MEDICAL ADVISER
- ly i Hoolsthatu arelly Qda ad ,pef.l traa  ain a ma
le ts a prtatinfg to nahood and Wouanhoad. and aupply
ly w.c, eaily understood The two booksoembroee6
9 , Oandelonaalude larmatls lfor both married ende5
iinale.Vwthallltherecentimproveetmen dical treatment
euadwhastourhomele ra ssy:".hekn.ow.el.pntd
_ , in Dr. i.ltt' new wora, in no way of quatonable char
ILtW i ac'rbut in something that e.vcryee b o khla /tow. te
Speerfecctly healthy of ayeawj be wthw v in
of ia-nd the Womas, in mt 
to."-St. LouirL oualJo
popELIR) RlICEg- eta. each
Sboth in ne volume, l11 in eloth.U
gilt, 25 o.atr . nt under seal
tchito- i oftpri Pi mne rtan
"y part The Remedy of the 1h cnt.ry.
attenl-  gADi Barham's Infallible
sriiotll. PILE CURE.
Cll-Mt Ianufactured tby the
  c P sar e Pi oue Con I, bmt.
PALIN Ites. whoae a eame bhhlE.
tPLIN * a d hen"DLst ad. hI lt ad
fstard s applicaltl
Madison Dispensary, I love
201 S. Clark St., Chicatlo, Ill.
1 U1. 5nlgLOW, batngt Ro0 years experience.
treat "5'tLAL SACIIR'AM' l U lh)iaEEIn tilde t
both s ,m0 , s& u ... Pn.TLY. of Ge
if NERTIOCS DILITV, from sexual abuse or f O
b a n ,a prodaslg Nl' OTIbE$C. pImI'LF.
SIP , randerg ARR en aI
IRIPHOPEIR can be postively ad rmn
Forththe eP
PRESCRIPTION FREE tor,'
cretioll or excess. ADy Druggi st A hinre Presi& o.
dient. Adc "r. W. AntU i 0 C [O.
13 We0 t ixthh Street, (Winctlnat ". ff. r
e r WatchdN$3toI7.) fvolvier
l $e , Ao.ve..,00lat&.3etlnltkY I At. hV
i tinim
partr
these
by t
S*9 thieir
the o
resug
tk. r a crP
ther
6.
P.
in - Stat
SA Mystery Solved. ntb
--- - ies
The Greatest Medical Trinumph of that
'nill
Modern Tim'es ! The 1yUsteriolI8s t
Channel of Disease .)is orered, k nc
the
. and (a C'ertain Ciure Prc - Isi
ness ded. Thie Stomnach, con
pet
Liver, and Bowels by
the Centre of va
Pisease. an
ten
PAYRSO'S PI1CATI' E P'ILLS, ';,
The Great Anti-Billione Remedy antd an
Miasmatic Dissolver. uIl
_ ar
PARSON'S on
PURGATIVE PILLS gu
RD. Are the result of long-continted Scien- po
tific investigation, and are Warrantted to tic
cTS, ure all diseases originating in the ,
Stomach, Liver, and Bowels No grip. I
inu pains follow the useo of these Pills, ,
and unless the Bowels are inflamed; but Re
lief, Immediate Relief, may be relied at
upon. As a Common Family Physic or
PAISON'S a
A, PURG A TIVE PILLS P
Stand unequaled before the world to-day. g
LL By varying the dose Recording to direc- rI
tions, parsotl' Parattve Pills effetually p
(1 Purif the Blood and greatly alleviate,i
if not entirel tnre Dyspepsia, Scrofula
orKing's EvII, Rose,. Erysipelas or St.
Anthony's Fire, Eruptions, and Eruptive t
Diseases of the Skin, Salt Rhenot. Tet
RE, ter, Bingworm, Sores, Boils, Tumors,
ltorbid wellings, UleestioUs, Pimples a
and Bletches.
sod EVERY BO. JW.A&RANTED.
Most 0 pi BYt~ i gt aranteeod
or No Pay.
sta Full directions `around each box.
r lil b Avail, ost-pewlid,
00, ii i 50 50, ain b eal ash in
advance. We will send these Pills to
any reliable druggist or merchant to':ell
I on commission. Agents wanted every
where.
1. S. JOHNSON & CO.,
4 Jane 93-If
THE PLATFORM. southr
- conetil
Local and Nation Issues-Pledges to thi
9. '1
to the Laboring Classes-Thts TLouisi
Nicholls Govenlmeut In- n
dorsed-A Constitu- lien
tional Conven Unite
tion )emand- an
cie. dema'
Smedil
1. That the Demlocratic-Conserva- and
tive par'ty of the State of Louisiana ruino
in convenltion assembled, do hereby pnbli
reiterate all the jpledges contained in of th
the party pilatform adopted in July, fir b
1876, and patticlaIlv the following, of thi
to-wit. s.on
"We hereby pledge our party to have
IA the satisfaction ot all the legal obli
ry gations issued by the State of Lou
is jisinna to the most strenuous efforts 10,
fs, in the direction of refolrm, and al rent
economical administraltio of the gov- of tl
erniment, especially to the abolition id
!of all unnecessary public offices; to note
the, redaction' of the fees and sala- wile
rtes of otlico to the standard of a fair drig
I nlunerationl the consequent redut- 15511
athio t tion of tacation to t the lowest possi' peal
useLos, he limnit commensurate with the nec- the
co- essary expenses of the government debt
'the preservation of the public faith, can
.000 and the cunrtailment of the danger- ,u
i Co., onsly lage patronage of the Chief g
make Executive of the State." reec
quent- 2. That the interest of the indus- pri
as de- tt ial and wealth-producing classes is I
latory lof paramount importance to the peo- mei
ple of the United States; those Le,
T whose labor and enterprise produce ses
S wealth sho'tid be secure in its enjoy- ann
thtmen. uwt Our warmest sympathy is ex the
Mo. tended to tlhe laboring classes whio te
at of the Ir hae been thrown out of employment cot
,i b3y the ruinanus financial policy and
ed lunjust legislation of the Republican cot
AGE party, and we pledge the Denmocratic o
tEtR party'to ta reversal of this policy and thin
Spply to a restoration of all the rights they go
,do nbe4 are entitled to upon its asceudency to
r enmd iwer.
veniat'ted ; 3. That Francis T. Nicholls, by his
able hau prudent and statesmanlike manage
uthe me mnt of the nmany delicate issues
glowing out of the success of the par- sn
ty in 1876, and lesulting in the firm re
establishment of the people's govern- M
tuent in L::nisiana. deservesrrve the grati
catuey. tuide of all Louisianians ; that his
iliible visdonm, justice and nmoderationl in T
he andmiaistration of his high trust is at
IREh in strict accord with the principles
the announced by him in accepting tie t
um_,ll.0. nominaltion, aund has won for hlinl the
I.n respect of all as the Governor of the 1
whole people of Louisiana, and en.
titled him to the support of all who
sary, love good government.
.ro, l 4ce. 4. That we remember with grati
s tude tie heroic and patriotic eftorts
Plbu'Ls of Gen. F. W. Ogdoo, and the citi
ARIRA zen solders of Louisiana under him,
.. apb" in the establishment and maintenauce
lt of the people's government of this
t. Letr State.
State. arts
5. That the vote of Louisiana at pa Bt
the election in the year 1876 was cast twee
for Samuel J. Tilden for President tweet
and Thomas A. Hendricks for Vice lion f
President by a majority of over 8000 Hall
votes, and was fraudulently counted eHa's
I for Rutherfrd l. WHayes and William at the
A. Wheeler, under the pretense that
the resalt was accomplished by in- -ant
timidatin and wholesale murder, and was
that the failure of the Republican the I
party to produce witnesses to sustain Ma
these chatges when invited to d so te
by the Potter committee is a confes- harate
sion of their inability to maintain Butt
their allegations and of the falsity of Buti
the charges themselves, and that the nor.
result of the investigation of the said tion
committee is an affirmative proof that The
there was no foundation for the false Mat
and unjust charges and allegations.
6. That the recent admission of W. airl
P. Kellogg as a Senator from this avel
S- tate was an abuse of partisan power ave
for a transient partisan purpose, and tlue
a a breach of the constitution, which St1at
assures to each State two Senators, to ene
hIe chosen by the Legislature thereof , iO
V that long before Kellogg's ad- See
mission it had been conclusively lae
settled that the General Assembly, i
known as the Nicholls Assembly, was des
the true and sole Legislature of Lou
isiana; that, in the opinion of this lis
convention, it was beyond the cam- cor
petence of the United States Senate,
by a post mortem recognition, to gal- nla
vanize into life and legislative power n
another assembly, of whose exis- cou
tence there is no token upon the stat- all
ute books of the State, and which Bu
dissolved before gaining recognition tB
1 anywhere, and that, in view of the ,
unprecedented character of the case, ral
a revision by the Senate of its action tio
on this subject is due to justice., ti
7. That we regard with serious dis- TI
satisfactiod the indifference and op
en- position of the members of the na
I to tional. Congress to a system of inter- hi
the nal improve.ments, to develop the in- o
rip- dustries, and restore the prosperity of
ille the Sonthern and South western States, h
ied and we urge our Senators and Repre
sentatives to use their utmost endeav
ors in order to secure such nuity of o
action as will lead to the syeedy com
L Sploiion, by the aid' of the nactional
day. goette the Tezaq PVacaie Rail
irec- roa'd on or esar the tlhirty-reand
tally parallel pf lAtitude, and a sytmnd of
inte, levee p to protect the alil a udsof aj
fuln the Valley of the Missipssipi freuo
r St. overftoiw and of pigation adeasite
tive to the wants of commerce, which
Tet- measures are national in character,
not and beyond the contriol of the respec
tive State governments.
8. That we cordially indorse the
.memorial of the Chamber of Cona
ED. tmerce of New Orleans to Congress in
teod behalf of the South American and 1
Brazilian pteamship line, calling upon 4
our representatives in Congress to
. urge for slid line the mail contlict
svia, New Orleans, with 'a sabejiy, idi
is to such 'amount as has been; cal firl, ir
oeel order to facilitate the.opeaiag if tois
very- trade, of such great and valuable im
portance to. tile West and South,
making a new highway' for the exit
and sale of our surplus grain, flour
If. and oUaer pioeduet4, aan briugipd in
retnripbo ittlei6 and prodact of
South America, of which colree aloii
constitutes a trade of much interest
' to this State.
9. 'rhat the Democratic party of
Louisiana demands that the national d
banking system he abolished and sect
national bank notes retired, and in assi
lieu thereof the government of the do
United States shall issue an equal wIn
amount of treasury notes, commonly the
known as "greenbacks," and we also ka
demand the unconditional and im- UL
meaifte repeal of the resumption act,. to
a- and are unalterably opposed to the If t
na ruinous policy pursued by the Re- its.
b publican party whereby ithe volume jut
in of the currency has been contracted the
ly, far below the business requirements tºre
9g, of the country, and failures, dejpres thi
sion of busines and pjauper wages ha
to have been entalted. We demand the an
li- repe l of all laws imposing a tax up no
on the circulation of State banks. is
rts 10. That it is the sense of this con- see
an vention that all bonds and obligations wl
"v of the national government should be sh
loon paid in the legal tender greenback It
to notes of the United States, except in
wla- where it is otherwise provided in the th
fair original law luoder which they were In
IC- issued. We further demand the re- re
s's peal of all laws passed subsequent to oe
'le the otigina.l law creating the public el
'ut; debt by which the obligations of the 1
ith, country have been made more oner- tl
er* Ous, and we recommend that United a'
hief States treasury notes shall be made a
receivable for all dues, public and
dus- private, including custom duties. it
es is II. That it is the sense and judg- t
peo- ment of this convention that the q
hose Iegislature of this State at its next c
duce session should provide for the calling t
joy- and assembling of a convention at f
a ex the earliest practicable time thereof- i
who ter, to flame and to establish a new
nent constitution of the State of Louisiana.
and 12. That in favoring a call for a a
lican constitional convention it is not pro
,ratic posed to displace or interfere with
and the incumbent officials in the State
they government. A. F. O.
OUR WASHINGTON LETTER. than it
s Wa ,ut'roTs D. C., Ang. 17, 18748. in 0
Manton Marble must be careful, in then Y
Ssuggesting the possible nnacomplished tthe Cd
"! result which we should have seen if lotrFel
Mr. Tilden's oppiosition to the Eecto some ý
ral scheme had been made public and to dech
had served to defeat that scheme. ter
The eminent Democrats-who voted Onafter
i and worked for that plan of adjust.- the On
meet are still in pihlie life. still have in
lie the full confidence of those they el ev
lie then represented, and, despite the And ev
lie in.iuguration of Hayes as a result of Ane
Sthe scheme, they appear to be the keep
o en who will make platforms and Weow
candidates in 1880. If an attack is 10w,
made upon their intelligence, patri- whAi
otisr.i or party fealty, they can and Areh
tiw- ill resent it. It will not do for Mr. think
n, Marble to insist, or.his friends and to pi
ce followers to insist, that all these qnal- be PC
hi ities are found in New York and not cotulr
elsewhere. Let as have peace in the color
at party. krat
sat Butler is said, in the interview be- cra
eut tween hlimself and Kearney, to have to lo
'ie "langhied heartily." The publicti. culo
ice tion of Kearney's speech in Fanevil i I
ted Hall may account in part for the Geo
am ral's mitl th. Anybody would laughayr Ino
hat at the theft of words which made up dutt
in- part of that speech, and the clumsy and
and manner in which the stolen eloquence
an was fitted to the mddy expression of "e d
tan the Speaker's own rude ideas. If ingo
lo Massachusetts has a large number of h
f eo voters who will be ionfluenced by esuch kno
tar harangues. she may well fear that aInd
*y or Butler will some day be her Gover- wee
the nor. T
the A curious affair is that in counec
thatid tion with the Wisconsin Senattrsip. me
ha e The contest is between ex-Senator m
iise Matt Carpenter and Senator Howe. igrt
W Carpenter is a man of exceotional Sea
this ability, and Howe is away below the can
wer average of Senators in sense and in- as
and fluenee. Carpenter has taken no ia
hicnd stand for or against the Adminuistra- sha
hict tion, while Howe is its most bitter W '
, o enemy. Yet in this contest the Ad- to
eod- ministration rather favors Howe. be
ad- Secretary Schurs, against whom Howe rzo
bly, launched epithets in a way to aston- o'r
b ih Kearney himself, is, especially
was desirous of Howe's success. He has
this sent the Commissioner of Pensionls,
to his isonly Bureau officicer from Wis
a t cosin, into that State to work up
gate, Howe's chances. Secretary Schur tdi
l ay be merely heaping coals of fire to
oexis on his enemy's head, or he may be th
e at- convinced that the Administration is fa
which- all the stronger for Howe's enmity. w
ubiction But what does Carpenter think of at
f tihe the operation d
case The Repubcios are, more gene- w
action rally than the Democrats, rentoiuion- at
ction ing _their strong and experinaced s*
is di en for the House of Representatives. if
id o This is evidence of good sense on the b
he ou- part of Republicans. b
inter- Capt. J. B. Eads, who claims by
aeik jetties to have made the entrance p
rite o- ofte Mississippi River "as safe and i
i easy as the entrance to New York a
rt harb or" and who promises forther irm
epre- provements there, has been in this
city for a few days. His first work
cnt of of great importance was the bride
com- across the Misasibippi at St. Lous,
ational but that that was a work that all engineers
RcRail- kne tO be possible. The present
and fai? gtIter nne'owas declared imprae
and of ticable by the engineers of the cone
ii fog'try, including those of the Army.
f nALBION.
The boll worm is rapidly destroying d
, the cotton in Navaro county. It is est
Smated that the crops will be cut short ti
one half; worms has also made their ap- t
Spearance in Williamson county. t
I- - -
in At a funeral in Ireland the clergyman
id had not been informed of the sex of the
on deceased.. He accordiagly leaned oves to
to the sestonuand said: "SbasU I say 'bro
ct ther or rister here departed." "It's
in neit.her sr," whispere the man i "shre I
i he was only, n acquaintsOce " I
na It is well to lok at both sides of a fan. 1
'On a "heated" Suanday in Philadelphia
.' the other day, the minister was fanning
it himself vigormOi'y. He did not see, but
Or the eon`g gtion did, that, the reverse of
'iD his fan i the inm riptioo, 'Buy- 'a
of bitters.
A Talk for the Black Mlan .
[Colfax Chronicle.] To
ithe ti
' Ce have heard it repeatedly chatg slow
ed against the colored people of this lpon
I section, that they not only will not mi nu
I assist in their capture, ht absolutely left i
8 do all they can to Ii harbor inegros it ns
1 when being plrsutedl by the ollicers of
7 the law. This is all wrong. We To
a know that the idea is common among s fi
. , black people that this is a dutyI
, to tlnd by those of their own race. boil
e[f y were to look at, this thing in strai
- iti.true light, they would see that in- brus
,e jury is done to society and that they ing
d themselves, in the long run, have to good
ts hear the odium of being considered Il
lthieves, in coioniiono with those they new
s harbor. In fact, a man who proteots l
te and shields a thief or a ur'derer, it eart
1no better than tlhe thief himself. It s
is the duty of all good citizens to (1tu
I- see the laws enfotced, and no ian, im
is white or black, who violates the laws, cool
be should be allowed to go go punished.
|k It is by observing the laws and see- V
t ing that their fellow-men observe j of
le them that progress in civilization has oem
re been made, and the black man who ing
e- refuses to uphold the laws passes wal
to sentence on himself, and Iie anud his and
lie children after him may expect to be er;
lie "persecuted," just as all evil-doers, in stra
er- the past and in the futnre, have been
red and will be "persecuted" for his Ias- an
lide .lity. a
and "Time and tide wait for no man," nil
is an old adage, often used to spur pet
Ig- the tardy ones to action, and we pu
the quote it now for the benefit of onr bu
ext colored friends, and would point them a F
ing to the only chance they have to bone- Fr
at fit themselves or their race, and that,
af- is, by uphoiding the laws and secur- "P
new ing an education. For some of you ge
Ina. it is imposible now to learn ; but you
or a can set an example for the children,
)ro- and see that they have the schooling l
:ith that you so much need. Do right,
tate that is what we mean. You know
0. enough for that, and that is as muchl w
as some white men know, and molre c
* than many of them do. if you fail n'
78. in your duty to the growing race,
I in then you may expect them to suffert
shed the consequences. Don't indulge in
sh if Iatred to the white race, although
t some of you may have too good cause
and to do so, and don't do all you can to
sane. teach your children to keep it up r
td I after you. .. n
aIlte you.
One of the most ruinous things to
the negro since his freedom has been qni
wmiing up in politics. They neglect- ei
ed everything for this. ni
And what was it all fort Why, to ,
keep the Democrats out of power. 11
Well, the Democrats are in power it
now, and have been for over a year, t1
what difference has it made to you I
Are you any less free? What do you se
think of the the thieving liars that used
to make you believe that you would
-be put back into slavery I We yen
tore to say that there are not five tl
e colored men in Grant parish who 3c
know the difference between a Demo- d(
crat and a Republican, and we put it Wt
to you as sensible men, is it not ridi- tt
e colous for a man to make a great w
l ado over a matter that dont affect st
Shim in the least I Now, we don't
say for you to stand back and have
Snothing to do with elections, for it is a
duty as well as a privilege for each d
e and every man to cast a vote; but
ofwe do say, use common sense in cast
f ing your vote. If you wish to have
of honest officers, then vote for men you f
clI know to be honest. You are free,
,at and your children will be free forever
r- after you, and it is high time you
were beginning to build for the future.
The United States contains seven
p. white nen to every black man, and
or more than ten thousand white em
Ire. igrauts come here every month in the
lab year, and no btacks comes, so you
the can see the probabi.ity of setting up
in- a black man's government. You
no have got to run a race with the White
rt- man, and to stand anything like a
tter show you must lay in learning enough
d-to hold your own, otherwise you will
be left away in the distance. Put
w~ your shoulder to tile wheel. It's
a. your only hope.
Brokerage on Cotton. e
life
N. O. Democrat. den
We had hoped that by this time befi
z the Cotton Exchange would have crop
B taken some action in the matter of e.
e the brokerage now' charged against te
* factors. There is reaily no reason flo
why eanch action should not be taken lea
f and every reason why it should. We lail
doult if a single intelligent factor ani
who has the interest of his planters tot
a- t heart really approves the present del
d system or could vote to contiune it ml
a. if the question were once. fairly *
1e brought before the Exchange. It is tei
mnanifestly an injustice.to charge the th
I planters with the .expenses of: the th
e person who buys cotton. They have im
rd already paid tor planting, cultivating It
rk and gathering. it, for sending it to do
0 market and handling it up to the mo- in
its ment of its purchase by the buyer. am
rk Surely it seems that the plantor's res- d
ge ponsibility ought to cease. at that d,
is, point. The broker is employed bS ar
re the buyer, acts solely. .in hi interest, n
InC and is bound to reduce the price to b
1- the lowest posible figure. To Wake a
8- the plantars bear part of the' expense
in this transaction js to do violp#ee 0
to every principle of right and justice. .
There is no charge which gives onch 1
in dissatisfaction to the planters and n
sti- which is so eminently the interest of r
sort the factors to abolish, and yet it has 1
aP" thus far been impossible to engage
the attention of the.Erdlnge for the
little while . that would be re
n'n quired to dispose of it conclusively.
At no other exporting point is thi#
bra syte in vague. New Orleasfe enjoy
`It's a peculia. and gloomy isolatiod iu the
aIre mattfr'ofelingig to ah 'obaolute' itd
ar assentially stupid. custowta ustom
which is not beneticent to the bro
fan. kers and which is simply an imposi
phia tion on the planters.
,bnt Switzerland has re ived the Grand
Dilomfa, and n gold medals for the
tinest wathe t Pris Exposition.
HONE INTERiESTS.
T'o BOIL PICKLED BEEF.--Put on OF 1
the fire in cold water ; let is simmer T
slowly, allowing 15 minutes for every
poulnd ; do not let it boil ; keep skim- L
ming or it will look dirty; if it is
left in the pot until the water is cold
It will be more tender.
e To BRaoIITES Gi;r FItRA.Es.-Take '1
g sufficient flour of sulphur to give a For
y golden tinge to I pints of water; Sta
e. boil in this water four or five onions, Ho'
in strain, and when cold, wash with soft the
i- brush any pzrt that requires restor- to
y ing : when dry it will come out as b1
to good as new. not
i RICE PUDDING.--Take I gollon of bit
new milk (skim will do), I teacupful Esi
it e; 2 tkacups of sugar, put in an we
1 earthenR pan, cover and put in the
It store to bake. It will take 2 or 3 in
to hours to cook it soft. Raisins are an De
' improvement. This is better than wl
7' cooking it on the stove. Dt
re- WINE JELLY.-1 ounce of gelatine, F
e once ounce of stick cinnamon, juice of 3 ti
ias lemons, l tea spoonful of lemon flavor- vI
ho ing ; sweeten to taste ; I pint of cold of
es water ; boil the cinnamon in a pint Bi
his and a half of cold water ; mix togeth- B4
be er; then put wine, lemons, and nugar: Ci
in strain all : put in molds until solid. D
es VEKGETAIBIE SAIAccNDIr.-Take N
an equal quantity of carrots and tur- R
ln," nips, cut them the size of almonds; ;
pIr peel a dozen small white onions, and s
we put all in a saucepan with a lump of v
our butter ; let them brown gently ; add v
iem a little gravy and some mushrooms, v
lne- French peas, haricots, tops of cauli
lt, flower salt and pepper, and a tea
cur- spoonful of sugar ; let them all boil
on gently, and, just before serving,
vou thicken the sauce with a little flour.
ding COLD SLAW.-Beat 2 egg 10 min
lutes, and add 3 gills of vinegar and a
ot, little mustard; stir until it boils,
ouch when it will be thick like custard;
nore cut the cabbage fine, just before din
f ner, and thtow a little salt over it;
race, mix it, and pour it over the cabbage,
uffer which should be in the dish in which
e in it is to be served. The cabbage
o ig should not lay long after it is cut, hs
, it wilts.
BrEEF Soir.-3 pounds beef. 3 car
rots, 1 tulrnip, 1 bunch celery, 4 on- fo
ions, 2 bunches leeks, tablespoonful
salt, peper to taste; cut the meat into in
snmall pieces the size of an egg ; veg
etables washed, scraped, and cut into
small pieces; put all into a large ol
saucepan, with 4 or 5 quarts of water;
boil very gently one whole day; let
it stand all night ; carefully take off b
the fat next day ; add 1 pinch Cay- ti
enne pepper; make boiling hot and
serve. r
BOILING POTATOES.--HlVe your sauce
pan half full of water: let it boil; then
e throw in 2 teaspoonfuls of silt, th~a add
n your potatoes; let them boil 20 minutqe; ;
do not let them stop boiling bee nistant:
t when they crack open or seem inclined t
to do so, take them off the fire, strain f
the water off, put them back on the stove
Lt with the cover on the sancepan ; let them
%t stand so three or four minutes and you f
't will have them mealy and white.
SBREAKFAST D1IH.-Take about * pound
Sdried beef, first slicee thin, than pulled in I
It snmll pieces. lave a quart of milk boil
t ing, into which put the beef with a good
piece of butter and a little pepper. When
e it comes to a boil thicken with a little
n flour or corn-starch, then toast breads a
e, slice for each member of the family, and
r poach in hot water an equal number of
in eggs; place one on each slice of'toast;
re. put all on a large platter and pour over
en the above dressing and send to the table
id bot; lcan ham may be used in place of
the beef.
he Poultry Keeping.
OR1
There is a great difference between brain.
e caring for your chickens and letting tainei
them care for themselves. Many farmers For al
h prefer the latter course without con- good
sidering that there is a difference in t1e
profit as well as in the labor. The fol- At
lt lowing hints from the Poultry World Ical I
8 will benefit those who are interested in strael
raising fowls:-"Clear rye bran alone pete
should never be fed to fowls, on account
of its swelling and caking in a mass in lecto
tile crop, and proving fatal to chicken
life not unfrequently. It will thus sod- Cny
den and increase in bulk very rapidly ne,
bh efbtte dighsting; causing repture of the its al
'e crop if any great quantit r has been eat- rank
of en. A neighbor, we recollect, in. a hir- its el
ried way mixed a large palfut with wi- that
iet ter and placed the mess before a .iice coot
on flock of three quarter ,grown chickens, ends
en leaving them to enjoy. the feed at their fo
Ve laisnre. He drove away in the wagon
tor and after an absence. of a few hours re- ar
ers turned to find his birds scattered about er 1
,nt dead in his yard. It is very good when athl
it mixed with wheat bran and oat meal or ae
ycorn meal. But by itself it should not el
Sbe fed to fowl stock. Fowls drink wa
C is ter freely, but they know just how much
the they need, and when they have'access to A
the the fluid clean, sweet and, freash' they Dr.
tle imbibe no more than, is goo4 for them.
ing It is therefore unnecessary to mix your fuo
t o dongh too thin and sloppy at the morn
Sin feeding,' Have the meal well sealded.,
and feed the - mixture .to .the stock stiff 00!
and comparatively dry. We often won- leg
eB- der how it is that hens will consent to thi
hat deposit their eggein.sutch filthy.n ~ts'a ye
bS are often seen, among the. class ..ho, do eol
eat, not keeplfancy .fowels. They may d have oti
e to been "brought dp- 6 'it," and this may gc
take accounti. for .:their. 'apregp .W ip p ,,re
of the lnrdcs cau bCV i f tm
nests engSndet'd Biee5a h 6 r'' i. te, ,i anIId n(
loch the owner, from these, twecaumss; alone, t
loses far moea aes in time by d
and not attendipg.to .them pr.perly. The al
st of nests for l1Itylg' eitlh stibuld be ever
has hauled and reoeQv two or three, tines
gage during the season, and the boxes being
the whitewashed thoroughly as often as is
re- necessary antd freshe' material being 0
abundantly supplied. The nests for set
ely ting bens shoe t be renewed every time n
ti freshk batch of eggs are sit. By this i
njoy means you gee have a ,ltlqfear oflino, j
i the the greoat pest of'the" poultry bi'rede .
and While'.tineslayor fine,t eltbrokten Itaw
istom makes. good nth,4 v eq4 at.Oap
bro- be made with shavings from wono ei
- lest only the thinnest and softibs :iran
make the nest wat-vwtthtehem. They.
can be lightly sprinkled with dihted
carlooic mid to keep away the lice, dud,
Grand being erty poroes, willn retai the smell
for the of the api plauch longer than any other
ien, material.
PROCEEDINGS
OF TilE FOURTII CONGRESSII)N.\I. I11
r TRICT CONVENTION--ION ..T. 11. '.i
EiE iOMlINATI'I).
I ATON Rot'l', LA.,%.
e The D)euocratic Conventil, l 1f I l."
a Fouth Congressional )istlit t 1l
State of Louisiana met at the (';yliitl
', House in the city of Bationl |unne't Oil
t the 5th day of August., 178, 1"6i78,'
to call of the State Central Cm nilt.
ºs The convention was called to omdI
by Hon. Wm. A. Strong, of Winn, 0 ho
nominated E. F. Presley, EIsq., of .Sa
f bine for Chairman, and C. C. Nisli.
SEsq., of Grant, for Secretal , \\ho
were unanimously elected.:
Ic E. G. Hunter, Esq., of Rlipides, pot
3 in nonination the Hon. J. 1B. '1:unn. of
in DeSoto,fas a candidate for C'on i-( sQ.
in which was seconded by Jludge J. \\.
Duncan, of Caddo. On nmotion of I .
Fellows, of Rapides, the vote \\;i,
taken by Parishes, when the followi lg
ir. votes were cast for Hon. J. l. Eh in,
ld of DeSoto :
ut Bienville....... ----.............
I- Bossier....------.......--- ......
ir: Caddo..----------- --
DeSoto........ ........
Grant............. ......
ke Natchitochese..---- -
SRapider. ................ ......... S
ta; Red River......--- -....... -
Vernon ........................... 1
nd Sabine..---------------
d .W ebster . ....................... .
of Vernon...--------------. .1
idd Webiter.....--------............
, W i.n...... . ... .. '-
Ba- Total......--------.............
)oil Hon. J. B. Elam having leceived the
*ng, whole vote of the convention he wI'a
unanimonsly declared the candliat  '
the Democratic party for Coe.lcss for
Id - the Fourth Congressional l I isit lci of
dils the State of Louisianll. E. W. Sout 11
rerlin, Esq., of De Soto, accepteid the
di' nomination for Mr. Elan ; whcreuloin,
on motion, the conventiin adjouirni d
t;, sine die. E. F. PRESLEY,
ie C. C. NAslI, President.
Secretary.
HEALTH SOTES.
Phosphate of zinc is recommended
for neuralgia.
Compression is being used in France
in the treatment of cancer.
) Italian physicians give a solution
B of chloral in glycerine for diphthelia.
Bromide of quinine is said to be a
better byqnotic than bromide of po
tassium.
d A Russian surgeon has made a se
ries of experiments showing that can
cer is inoculable.
Glycerine is being used abroad to
Sprevent the further formation of false
t membrane in croup after the opera
tion of tracheotomy has been per
in formed.
It is not so generally known as it
)u qhould be that belladonna, or its ac
tive principle, atropia, is the most
adefficient antidote in case of opium
in poisoning; but it must lot be ad
ii- ministered i~ntoo large quantities,
ad else it produces poisonous effects of
en its own.
e The London Lancet says that the
ad man who drinks nearly to drunken
of ness generally sleeps soundly, if not
at; well, but many a so-called moderate
rer drinker knows that he sleeps badly if
ble he takes a little more than his usual
quantity of wine after dinner, or
,ven his usual quantity of some unu
sual wine. The reason is that "al
chohol flishes and dilates the smaller
blood vessels, especially those of the
een brain. If such a condition be In.uin
hing tained,.sleep is disturbed or absent."
hers For saiplelsnes "cari~ge exercise is
non- good, walking better, orseeack best."
o A tecent London letter to the Med
orld ical 'Times gives an interesting ai
sa in striet of a lecture by Dr. Alford Car
lone penter on ''Alcoholic Drinks as )iet,
cunt as Medicines, and as Poisons." Thl
Illn lecturer considered that alcohol in
soil- pny of its forms may be a goodut mdi
idy ine, "but it is a bad diet, and that
f the its action as a poison is visible in all
satr ranks 'of society." lie summed up
htvr- its efforts very strikingly in saying
anw- that "work which is kept going by
.ie continuous doses of alcohol always
keni, ends in a break down. If it is taken
ragon for the purpose of increasing munscu
r rs lar exertion, ultimately there is great
about er loss of muscular power, as all
when athletes know. If mental exertions
eal or are kept going by alcohol, there is a
Id not mental break down, as the lunatic
m k asylums teptify."
Aess to A Manchester (England) physician,
Ithe Dr. Qrompton, who has made a study
them. ofthe care of infants, gives some in
x your foimation''of 'great' ittportance to
rnm - motghers, in regard .to' the cause of
kd stiff conmmn deformities known as bow
l won. legs and knock-knees. He attributes
ent to the latter distortion to tile hliaiit soma
ltm as youngsters delight'in, of rubbing the
rho do sole of '*o*e* agtesi that of th i
iy hve other-some,' :. is. ell known, will
hil maiy go to sleep with tlesht'l ' 'iressed to
ptr- getlipttlley appear joy the,
Sentaet y wh:n tl," , nakled,
,id not;temptn to' i i , . tiny
Sa lte, irdoek r:otiti6ted The rn e
time by dy1thirefite iQ siimply to keep she
ly. The child'o nio s ,cnvrei;., Knock-knees
e over- the doctor ascribes to a dillfferelt,
eetiines childish habit, namely, that of shepl,
es eg ineg on the side, with one knee tucked
i n into the Ihollow behind the other- -a
o s otom familiar to the ob~crvatin of
er y time most parents. Here the preveutive
B y 'his prescribed is to pad the inside of tt'
ri, knees, so cistO6tieep them apar~t, and
ee. let tile limnbs grow freely their town
t lat itnA POdR bt eo'npIDDING-I cup soulr
mi. They milk," edp of cream; 1 egg, I tea
l Ic l d *P gI, u p snugar, andl pich of
the ell alt ; boil ieO.,a bag about an llour':
h other after thickening with cornmeal, stir
Squite stiff and add I1 cups raieius.