New York
Velliele :0
Agricultural Orgaizations soke-ho
Nothing telills to p)ronlote au l ici a iarr
tad \arnce the science of Agritll- inches dee
ture more or as Iiltch as Agricu'lll- t ol lione
tural orglanlizations, ant we oftien length of t
wonller thillt no stihl tiling has pipe at st
ever existled in thi' parish'. the eno at
With' farmilers of att lIot aver- this pipe s
nge intclliY'thll, stilt'thinlg Shollltll large cask,
have lf'enl l)lit' il that directitl lih vig Ir e,
aroitn lu it
long ,ince', antd it is strange that .ist n tit
it is ish not. Now that we are on toin:
the threshohl of a new and hotter Ila ng
rsHing 5t011
existatilt Who illalllohg ou11r ftll'll'rS to rUin th
will he ilte first to llove' in the or- a Iovtc r of
g llizatill of all Agrl'iil ltitio- 1 s t.- elt
eiety in this parish i tire of' co,
ltdiast. (
Capacity of the Soil. hive .t
Fromt the Cl,ontry (Gen'tlela. -lulal
You calin strain ia trmIlilnP, or an
qninmal, or even a trene (by overlpro
thltioi), h~t oI l ailt all not thuis hurt Fon
the granaidl; that will hear all you
canl do with it in the wily of growth. A prat
The reason of the difference is, the Laste in
former Is organilwd . the latter is not ; inn that
It is only ali teenmnlat ion of harmo,- to give
nions material, which the plant quiet- iiii e
ly appropriates, to be replaced by Ioloring
sinihlar ater'ial, witho ,r eftlrt by the corn, CI
soil. This disposes of the idea that butter i
landul needs resti. What rest ha;s It e Iloi thi
land had that giew for ages tho llt'T ree
Anerican firests and prairies-il ways ordinoa
laosy, antld glowing lthe same prodllct give an
t, that ; or, the product reimoved, utter.
growinll eqnlill well another anl aln faimers
entirely dithll'rtit one I It is Iheeiuse ai(t CeXI
the material is there, and in a conii- petti
lion fo fe taken nIp-the soil heing WN lii
dry -noulgh and porous ellolIngh, the color hi
teatller showelry aind wail. We h wI
ihave, ttlerefore, omllnethitlg that we quaitit:
Can l ilt to the greatest striin, the less. I
highest pressure-reallizing the lmost cream,
that it is possible to yitld, without lllLtt
tharm;. mily we must not alillns it. Ilch lL
This, however, is generally done- Ai oni
somneti11e1s less, solmeties mlore, l Iill col
cording to the nature of the soil anl butter,
lie areless or ignorant treatrment it er's 11II
gets. It may be piisonedi, as is some
tiloes the case, with iroil co llonnds, Gro
or hurt for a while by an excess of Fron
strong ~lihne ingredients, like corn
mon salt. There are other ways to Tiler
burt it, but the worst, becaluse the more tl
miost extlsive, is to work the land after tl
when wet, followed by the strong ed ; ar
drying heat of the san. This bakes their i
it, ancd for years makes it h'irsh and needle
tnflt for high productiveness. Well stif r
treated, with only the necessary ele- produl
lnents and conditioins for the highest small l
yield, it may be worked for any Any e
length of time. to an i
Such a soil is not only ltsting, but uplant
it has many advantages which are hneil
wanting, or of less value, in an or- Jacob
dinaly soil. It is warmer ; it is more gives
porous, yet sullicieutly colpact; it first 1
is also more mellow, and nmore easily horse
kept so; withstands drought much Then
better, and disposes readily of stur- a few
plus water i not alone because it is an iro
drained, but is in balance, so that it procmC
favors every advantage; there is no polve
one constituent in excess or wanting. ed.
The question now is, will such. a til tl
uoil pay F Or will it pny better than it a
where there is less labor and fertility plowi
bestowedll ''The labor in draining weatl
and working the land is certainly drol
alore protitable than where these aRle cor n
neglected. It is only where the 1pro- wtft
per mixtulre is nlmade, where s(nd o0 it tit
Clay hli-to be carted, that the ques- wias
tion aSsailsi a donbt. If this lhas to holt,l
be done lit great expense of ditMitlnce own
or dilliculty of getting, there will be se-s
lss at fihst, but in the long run it t w isi
may lie different. Thi is i to be d- rate,
tleriiined. The sand anld clay thus grou
treated are considered tol be llsting- the
as lasting as any soil, as it is coilpo rays
sed of the niaterials of a good soil. but
The questiolln iy arise hei'e, if the ihre
sliving and carting of barallr d ma- put
nure pays, why itot the carting ofI out i
sand or clay I To answer this, it is gatl
to beonsdtered whlethler the latter is bush
sl be haued farthller or seemed at a man
gireateor expense, and whilat is tile ben- and
efit thus realized as compared with The
ranure. To begin at the beginnillg, of
how much will it take of clay to make plat
a well- balanced soil on a basis of rini
sannd, or viee versa This lgilin will rear
depend uponl the depth of soil want- iaii
ed,- This, with a sub-stratonll of sand, porl
would have to be greater, on iecontl ftact
of tile danger froln drolth, thliini gro
hlieie the siulace is underlaid with it,
clay. In the hlatter casie a citivalle you
depth, say of live or six inches, would if i
be sillficiilt, nit for a perfect soil, not
al nmeet the highest attainment, hut,
ller6 the subsoil hnlmits of dlrainagtlE, I
a high state of success, and under lel
somnie ciicumllstances thile highest, aI the
where the season is 11 wllrn, slhowel arI e
one, and grass is tllhe protduct. I hlave fat
ill) seen eropsEl of whella't land olts, itd gr
I may add barley, approacuhing tl'e iI
la:Xilnlll yield on such land. For de
corn it will not do, at least nlot well, it
and I wollld not put out tnl oIchll'd IC
with a sulsoi of clay sol near the khi
i.1ircee; tlhoughl withl no more than fol
six or seven inches of soil, well mal- ti
aii'edi front time to tilme, considera- en
Ble success is obtlailned OF course a til
gireater depth of itpllroved soil will IB
gilve an increased value. as
Save Your Horses' Backs, of
To prevent saddle-galls, the snddle de
lhould should be lined with some so
sliototh, hard substance. Flannel, ri'
woolen cloth is bad. A Iard,. finish- S.
ed, smooth, rawhiide lining, sImlilr' to th
thlose of. nmilitary saddles, is prefera- en
ble. Then, if the saddle is properly ar
Itted to the llhorse's back, there will in
be.co galls, unless tile horse is very 01
hardly used. Galls should be wash- gI
ed with 5p111 ll11nd water, and then w
with a" sholthln of six graills of coil- e
perae or btile vitrliol to one tabllo- a
spoonfulof water, whlich will iireih, hn
tile surface and help to restore the ii
growth of iter skirnm White hairs- a
growing upon healed galled spots e;an tl
sot be prevented. ri
English Agriculture.
.in England the farmers generally
girow larger crops- thau we d. In sl
aswver to the' Qlesthn, "How do you
dol it"' an Englibshman replied: "We
Ibed oar landl before it is hougry, let ii
it lest before is il-weary, and weed it a
befote it is foot." American farmers o
can not follow this system, unless f
Ley keep more lbe stock than they t;
llw do; but thiley must increase their 11
l k tl slte thei fiamns beco:ue ilm
A Ihaap Smoke-House. -.al ,
P Such of the readers of the Rural
New Yorker as have no such con- MON'r
venience as a regularly constructed
smoke-house, nay supply the ic- Publishe
liciency in the following nitalnner:
I)i 1 a IIrrIow pit twelve to eighteen 0
inches deep, throiºing the earth all
1l out ot oM sidle. Fl'1o1 niear the hot
tom of tihi pit dig a trench of the
itlength ofne or t \vw jiiits of sto've
18 pipe at such an angle as will hiring Addr
the end away frott the pit to the sul
tace of the graul. Over the eld of The 1"
Sthis pipe set a coit'lnlllll l ltir hi art ll " o snlbsP riter
l Ilirge Cask, ,, is Ilay be mtcdedtl, a cents p, r
tl hlving reonrVed boath ihetol, bank up cents. 1'.
around it with the hloose enarlth, so rent;ripti
t that I) Sloke ca; escape lit the bt olv~ce.
)l toni The' UN
lhang the hants, shoulders, etc., the raite a
asing somnething like a broom handile Rates
rS to run through the strinus. Pitttig pliettitn.
.a t over on top of the sticks wil leave Newswi
space eutigh for draught, to let the hl snplI
suloke pass freely. Build a, smuke Ion , iii
til'P of corn cnos, d;1)iiI hard wood, ordtllr.
saicdust. or line chips, ani you t ii All olt
have a chll, sfte andl eticient All hu
sinoke house with very little touble. ,s ,"
-lata l New Yorker. 'Te L
n- cash pril
Yellow Butter. 'le hi
iiit From the Rural New Yeaer.ie' lItv
a~t II is dld
. A practical farier living; on the
the .asti in Shore of Ma;iry l a d is if opiin- it
it; that no colored d matter is requirird i thtrl
1ito. to give butter the yellow tinge s-o a
jet uch dhesired. He says: "The best od t
,y coloring for bulttelr is a giood in'ss of placing
th carn,, cho'lpped with cit hay. M.v aid f'is
hat butter is a richl yellow the year round iinis :r
it tthis feed, and I have no Alder- vat' t
tht it'ey or aIln other fany sitol; bulint the od"'ll it
avs ordinily Easterin Shote cattle, which itiity I
let gi e an ah.lnndnt supply of milk andli to asis
ed, itter. Good f'cd is the secret. IIf
1 an ta tmers teed oi dry fodder and straw,
;ise and exp'ect yellow butter, their ex PRIM
nli. pectations will be dis;appiointed."
rin W\'hen'ver it is fonil necessary to
the color Ibutter in imitation of tihe goldenii .KIr
We he which natlre gives it, a small
we qantitv of -.ntiatto will do the lbusi
the Hess. Dissalve it in a little I vat' 'n
most cream, add a few grains of super-cat
hount hinate of soda, which develops the Which
u it. peculiar principle tof the pigunenlt.
le- ounce of annattto treated above
tic will color several hnldred puniids of STO
an ii butter, but the Eastern Shor' farm
int it e's plan is the better of the two. StaIt s
cmie- vidit I
tn.t, Growing Corn in Dry Seasons. 1uapr,
Fromnt the Turf, Field and Farm. st
mys to There is nothing farmers dread willii
n the more than a long spell of dry weather w ale
land after their corn crops have been plant - It al
trong ed ; and it ilhappens very often that hical
bakes their apprehensions have not been n 1
i and needlessly entertained. fHigh landls trtil
tell iferl' most froIm drouthl , corn crops Iroc
y ele- produced thereon being invariably Notes
ul 'est smaIl and of an inferior cliaracter. arid
any Any sufggestions, therefore, lokiing just Ri
to an inmproved system of tillage 1n rea1
, but upland al.nlinltg should prove of great
I i are henefit to farmers. On this sulject, T
to or- Jacob II. Bruner, of Lancaster, Ind.,
Imore giveshishis experience as follows: "I Rtilmp
ct: it first broke the groundl with a two
easily horse plow in the spt'ing-sod ground.
much 'lThen I cross-lplowed it, and I gave it
af sur- a few good, genuine harrow ings with 7!l
e it is an iron-tooth harrow, keeping up the N
that it process untiil the ground was well ,
e is no pulverized i then the corn was plant- may
ioting. ed. Scarcely a drop of rain came un- scrip
such II til the cotin was uip. Then I plowed
?r thtin it while dry, and in a short tiune -
ertilit3 plowed it again in the dry. The F
rninitg weather remuained dry, scarcely a
rtanly drop of rain falling ; so I gave the
ese ate corn another 'good plowinig while dry
le liii- weathe' eiottinued. I weut throughl
rntd or it tile follurth tiime while the ground
e (Ites- was ahniost burning ianid scorching f
hbh s to hot, atnd then let it rest to tight its
ristiMce own way for the retnainder of the
will be season alone. Meanwhile the corn It
r tn i t t isted tand shliveled ip at a fearful ly
be ie- rate, ailnd loked like dying, tlhe ti 8
1y tIus ground being extremely hot and dry, cilt
sting- tile nsun senIding down its burning c,
cormpo rays day after day with great power, ra
ad soil. butt before the corn lost all vitality 'rr
u, if the there camne a refreshing rain, and it itg
itrdm- iput on a new life ;" thle kintks opened the
ting of out and it grew with new vigor. At is I
is, it is gathering time it yielded about fifty han
latter is bushels per acre. Thle land was not t
ed at a nmamnled. and only mnoderately good t
the ben- anid prloductive ill coimmon sleasOlsl.
ed with ThIe uneonllnon yield was tile r'sult Ne
ginniig, of well prelpaling tihe groundll befile car
to make planting, and of frequent(Ut tilling di- use
isis of riing tile dry weather. The corn was tvl
ai in will ready to silk aud tassel when tile lirst Fi
il waint- tait of tile season cane of mnlch il- Ti
of said, portance. Hence I demontstrated the v1l
necouttt fact tlhat it payts well to prep;le vol
it, thutn groitnd properly before seed goes into Tm
aid wit it, and aIlso that it p1ys well to tenid ye'
u'tivblie your corn all the sate, or tlore so),
", would if possible, whent thle seasou it dry."
(en t, btt, Measles in Pigs.
aig, Pigs tre sunljeet to a disease called -
d u der aietsles, which is believed to render
gh est, as the tiesh unwhholesomne. The umeasles
s howelt iare very prevalet, t, tluIgh sehloun -
S I have fatal; andt if not checked, affect the 1
o ats, aud grmin of tile mteat, whlich may com
tiing the uonly be seul in the shops of a fa
uti. For ded color, and thle tlesh pitncturedl, l tie
uot well, it were, with snmill Iioles. Thle coni- yi
ii ocltiltd iteen ltit of the disease Iappeatrs in 3
n ar the Ilaiguor ind dclillte of the ll plletlite,
nore than followelt by slmall pustules in the
wehl ma- throut, together with red and purphe
:unsidera- eruptiolnus, more distiict after death i
course a thtan dutring the life of the aniiitil. in
soil will Iy aid of the Ilticlloslcope it hlslt been
lascertaitned tlht the mueatsles isa lir.
vali cessode, or in other wordi, one
lacks. of the selxunlly ilnulature stages of
:le stddle development of a tape-wormn-T'ieni ii
hith sontie 8olinlt,--i frieqilent htllnllai giest, de
Flannel, rived froun eatiltg of under-dolte iprk. I
rd,finislh. Swlne wllhose habits rtue less clleantly
inl tir to thlaui those of horned cattle, do not
is preferna- eioy the sineo imumnity as thes,,
. properly and in them the mneasly cotditioi ti
tltere will Imay as188sui abnorlunns propertlis. n
se is very On the other lhd, swine will utllder- I
be wle-ash go a larger aliuHllt of parusitisili
n td thIen withlit display hiig timpe exteriual
itos of olP- evideicel of nlt'elilig whlichi otheri
lie table- tinii tlire apt to betrtiy under sini
ill h iiren ltr circumcistances. By the aid of a
'estore the nlicrosncope or with the assistanlce of
hite hairs- ai powei'tuily imigntifying pocket lens
I spots caitn thte distinctive chltraceters of tihe via
rious meat and pork mneasles may be
readily made out. Indeed, the naked
rre.. eye alone is im most cases- sufficient
g generally to determnime thie nature of spots and
e- d t. In spooks in meat r nad polk,
[)w do you It is idle to talk of curle hi a dis
lied: "We ease of this nature. Generally speak
tungry, let iug, even if the animal be in hIealth,
,nd weed it a small quantity of nitre and' sulphur
in farmers oceasionally mixed up with their
n t, unless food, besiderstimulatiug their appe
Sthno they tite, will frequently prevent disease;
:rtease their neither can wre too much insist on
aiu:ue iu- ilesaliness, nor upon the punctual
legularity oi feedln at sitted times.
IMONTiGOMERY BILAIR, Editor.
Published Every Morning (Sin
days excepted) at
927 D STREET N W.,
Washington, 1). C.,
BY HENRY I'OIKINIION.
Addrvl.s, Box -484-, City P. O.
I 'The UNION is served by carriers to
subscribers at to set.4 er weqek, or 50
1.ents plr month. Single copies, three
cents. By ,...il, (posi'ge prepaid.) tl Sh
'ttllK p" r auli-, or ;7.00 lpr ~ ea'. All Sh
suhbs'riptions miust be paid iunariably in
The U NION will 1w sent to clubs at get
the rate of 8; per year, pist:age Iprepaid.)
Rates of advrtising furnished on ap
plih:tion.
Newsd:.alers ord1'rinfg '|Tu'I l',N will
Slie suipuli. l at the usual rates. The
iol"oney trllt invariahly accompa ny the
1 ord r.
IA . ll hank cheks nilust he stamlld.
,Post eflice orlders are plreferahle.
All i. 'tlc'tll t' tlll tli'il iio ns ollsimust hº
a , ll tsed to tihe. li'r '1 wl'o thi e 'ni on.
lThe Union, is conducted oin entirely
cash principles.
Tlhi U nion is the only D)anemcrati, d.'ti
iv anudliiw"l at: the isecat of Gove',:onf t.
'It i+ d ddiatd t t the dispassionate dils
e- v,iot of thle event, alld is1t)us of Ith
t. hour. In the hulguapl of the initial
1,ditorial. "the inmmediate olbect sought
in the est1 : lish ,un nt of thi. pa rl r is to aid
"41 pr,'v,'ntinr the nation from I,.ing sub
(-1 o iito to the ti ills which aost result fro er
of dating its Chief Mi als; in hycl'cii yellt,
PIME and fturatigthe gr':t reIfils ofE ad
S1 eis:ral Lioin furl liCan' det,,r d ly l te.
- volte of November, 1111an we hope so to 0 1
t conduct the paper as to detnunstrat its
utility to the country at large, and to
1si'e senrh supporlt frovn r the ' noplte as C
PRIME ENJOYMilliENT FOR A YEAR
to Less than four Cents a Weed.
M1AKE4 1IO11E ATTRACTIVE BY INTRO
I ii I
he Which for more than 5:5 years has been
it, the bit
of STORY, KET('I & IFAMILY PAPER
ali- -. well known all over the lnitrdi ChC
eight large pamgs, clearly printed io good
MS. paper, tilled with the choicest storicsaind i
sketht lus by the best writlers; A io )trn
* satihal trsh, but 5suh as a mother is LAlS
ead willing to have her childrten read. The
ter whole tone of the paper is ptre and el
t- evating
th It also contains historical and Biogr'
h phic'dl:1ticlhs; Scirtitith'; Agricultural
e l and t` usehold Departmnuts: Ashiton
ds Article wee.kly, fresh and excelled ; li
1'oiPS noro Notes ; Literary Reviews ; N
hl Notes ; lhy's and Girls' C.lumlsll
et r, andl Spark ing Editorial, etc., etc.
kuing just siuch a a paper as everyibody loves to
Ie i read, and the price is onllly
Ject, TWO DOLLARS A YEAR.
., Samphle' i py c ontaining clubs rates, etc.
two- sent on receipt of a 3-cent stamp. Address S
)Id. NO. 630 BENNETT & FICTH, T
Tie AME AND PLANTERS
e ti e SUBSCRIBIE FOR
with 7l anlef Straet, PhilUadelphia, Pa.
roui OURAL R O dJ II II
FOIl THE YEAR 1877.
Sco It the Leading and Olx sthe numberk
afl may Agknow throughltl whalt in aper othe sub
, tlltitilis cvervtillg of valuc suit ableo
Sd-to Sour hrn c Agsricnltnre, siith a the
' culture of Cotton, Sugar, Rice, Tobac
trl ,FACor, C hert, ARy, Oats, Peas the of
pte, isses, Silk, R FORie, M Pottitoes,
cti Turnips, Ctabbage, etc., etc.; thle ris
and i g otf all kindstStc k for thle Slluthbl, P
d the culture of all kinds of Fruits, such -
i. At PeaCoh, I'ea, r Applts, Oralingst', V
it f ift . . Leimons, Pineaplples, Japan ~ i
' Plulis, Grapl's, lolnegranatte, etc..,
Ia ot It cotitains a choice dep1rtmenl t for tlhe
Sgood Falmily Circle; gives all tih News in a
(,asol*. condcusedl form ; gi'ves also the lat(st
tr ult New Orlealls Market 1 eport5 ; aldr.t
befe contaills manylll Valualde Rh'e'i-s foi N
ng do- use on the Farm and Pl;htatiou, as
rn was well as Imany Useful Facts for the
le first -amily, the K;tchell, or the Sick Room.
The paper is printed from clear, new
type, and containis sixteen piagets of
h ahluabh1le matter every wet-k. Thle 13th
(ptale 0 ollulle coimmences ,JIOIuary, 1877.
es into The Sulscription price is $'2.5(1 per
to tend year. I,,st-lpaid, S1.t50 for 6 monthlol.s, or
5art s, 5i cetis tfor one mouth, in advance.
t dry." Adilress -
Our liome J3nurIal! und Rural South
land, NEW ORLEANS
Scanlled ---------
rciider 'rjF E SU N
ect the 1877 NEW YORK. 1877
of I fa- The dlitffrnt editions of THE SUN during
thi til' ltyearwilltbe tile samie as durllling the
,e c,,5- vr thnt has just passed. The daily atldlititm
,t will on week di:ayS he a sheet of foitr" pa1,.s, or
5)'1 I ill 31 lbroad cthllllnls; while the i wekly eulitioi
will t a 1shit tof eight pa:ges of the eaam, dimton
p i siot, - aind c tharalctr that are alrcadly tiuiliar to
in t otir fr'i.iend.
SI TIE s'1N will conltilnuet to be tilhe strelnuin
atyselt 1ad o tfi,)l'l r ntln i',t rll.itlchm t, t ilanl of
thIt t lw ah.tittution of statemlenluship, wisdoml, and
nlitnl. inltErity for ihollow prietncel. i.mbecility, and
fIratlL ill thle adininistration oft p blllic allairs. It
will colnted ftr the g'ovrnt of the people
i lir l by the pcoihle' anl fior the pioplt, as opposped to
one, gver n1,t ,by fraudis in tihi ialot- box ani in
' the cotllliting of vott), enlfoli'ed by mlilital',
tages of violince. It willenderavor to' supp itd s l eal
- -'nia clars-ail 1o wdy not filr tromn a milli.lii of souls8
- -with the ini.-t rat'ltli, eompnlte, anti trust
e, de- worthly acco.nt of cn-reut evelts, antlli will
e rk phv e tplor tithis purpose a mlllltmeriout alnli care.
clen fully olelede stafof t reporterls and correspoln
i ents. Its rtp-dts ft'rolll W'tshington. esl)ecial
3, do lot 1y, willbe ftill, accurtatle, aind fearless; al it
as thiest, willh dobtlte.s coltilline to deserve anl enijoy
Hdto the ha:tredl of t hose who thrive by plundIering
-ithe Treasury o" by usurpinhg what the law do-c
pltruti. iot give themi, whil, it will endeavor to mlerit
i tlh)P- the ltollideiltc of the public by dlefni'lling tlit'
rsittil rilhtts of the people against the encroacliellnts
of ol l njinitid power.
e xterial The irict ii tlf y tlh:l SUN will be 5~5 cents
a l thor $6 O0 a 'e-ar. pisit paid, or with
So ther th Snunday edition $7 70O a year.
der sini- Thil SUNDAY edition alotne, eight pages
aid of a $1 20 a 1 ear, post pdidl.
Tih Wek Iili St:, eighlt pages of56 broad col.
anH e of ,u will ,foruisjhedt duriug 1877Jat the rate
kket ens of $1 a year, post paid. (
The benueflit of thirlarg reduection from the
te V- previousrate for the Weekly can 'ie enjoyed by
Slay be Illividuall sucribHtIrs without the necessity of
the naked making up elubs. At the samne time, if anyot
S our friends choose to aid in extending our cir
Su fcieit culation, we shall be grateful to thenm, lanld every
spots and such person who sendas ls ten or more nsubscri
bets ron one place will be entitled to one copy
of the paper or himself without charge. At
oi a die- one dollar a year, postage paid, the expenses of
I ly spe paper and printing are barely repaid ; and. con
i sidering the size of the sheet and the quality of
n healt, iteconstents, weare conldtint the people will
i' s ulphtr coopider the Weekly S.S the cheapest newsp a
pi their pubpiliebsed'in the world, and we trust also
Stheir one of the very best.
eir appe- Address, TRE SUX, New York City, -. Y.
. diseas; -
insist on ia Get your printing done at
:e t times.. the VmDIO~ATO3 Job Oflioee
Bece
Is th,- I-1-i e
Illild(.
,w l',ht 1 i, I
S niii l , htlt 1
th tll l|i I "
to. II Ill t l
ai titip tt in
at get up Clubs for the o
t. CINCI:
a l hldli" yl
s tFOR 1877. h1
il toTI IIIitTII
hlII giVel thli
tll i 1.:1 it
tto - 00-o er ,
1.11111
Te
ttleral. oi lrc
welity '
ti1t
O0  S l to
"erlal. 'i\'t Cop
a ---O0
been OOK HEREA
FA P:1
We will let each of our old Subscribers who pro
cures us one new Cash subscriber at our usual rates,
lillM have the VINDICATOR one year for Two DOLLARS. That
º jis, both subscribers can get the paper for Foua DOL
l is LARS ANI) FIF''Y CENTS.
The
id el- OUR Ill
0eligailnt
gr:ia- issuede.
tit, Ten copies to one -ddress............... 22 50_ _
io of thef either, the
of a club of ten subscriilbers.
) S toehrontic
CAS mst accompany every order. t,
Our OitySingle iopies. sup.....e.aspendid.. $2 50 Catof
T, Ten copies to one tddress .........22 50P bati
, Pa. Twenty copies to one address go 40 00 Aasti
imnrer a copy of either, the
hat twe
O.,Ne York W eeekrly Sun,7"
r I N. 0. Weekly Democrat, hll tlict
,tor Raeislre
Ou O rnifshed estra and free of charge, to each ogetter up
Jo b ten subscribers. Jo rss ,
:N C u Arn must accompany every order.x
a ll t( -i u ENt
y miita ij Ei
orresp . tRco
-:,,s BRIEFS,
and enjoy
fding thet n
id. ior withl
1o8 7o and all kinds of work executed with neatness and
t -h r lensp aatch.
necessityr of
tel, if anynt
nand every
tore subscri-i
exJpense ofo
id ; a ndjt. COn
Squaluity ofi
te' .am dJ df i. 't. oOSGROVnE,
p ' Elo towrilt I Prt
T;0 the t rute
in fdone ath e _ _.. .dispatc.h, T P R _1
OUR COUNTRY ! '1 THE
UTIIE
WHAT WILL TILE
Become of It ? Cou
The Grcat
Is the.Vilue tion now agitating the public Comuhiim tn's
mind. Mtnterenl n
The ll ra' list ((- befor. ('onr;1gres; tih ill ll nI '(
111 l.1 ,'lhqm'tl of'the late P're.<ide!ttia:l the Loui
cloctirl : the inwol i t ( : l'tgr"ss; thle nail :m11 t.l
n tew 'I'r.i,elnt t l Poili' ofthe i xt l th i'di in t
.dulint i i t l;tion ; m til f t llr r tiltt'l , i
the cout 'try and lp Iple. aT , matters of th ti.r i(i1
renat itt rc.t t, .a., andl t . cry ititid: I l- , 1t
al. Su, h a crisis ln; not h'e:J 'lprs t ell (The a',,"
sitl,'- the i larattionl ,f 1itlt l" S lcen t'. ha6 Y it
htitil tile . et
A Truthful lli:;ta < o , ,.vent;. and ilt- fluidl i .
inls of Con?#r,. will be giv,'nt wvith 11n- ,entlv ed
,partiality and fairness in the ph.i.,
CINCINNATI ENQUIRER, Chie t
Terms of Subfcription t
a plhlic spirited pal".'r echoing tthe wish I'e t f til
isto t.h people, al dvoelting . hnissioll , ,1 dit ion
l'ights o'f th ' peopl to he heOrd ton all lil
\Vi, t lttrtelyI. A ,ishl
*Th Tricky l'oliti amns, alva\s ready t \:I", il
to orfg.ni/e tholbll':, in"t who ii i |e p - Irih d 1 a
ticipate in dan er, will e1 stho t in l ll, w
their true tharna.ters. liy subsh rilin,.' her to
for the E n uirer. ou will get a faithful sewd"t it'
record of ev Ls as th P'ey traspire, with- tI
)out PCrt\ Colorin cin ti, Ohio.h all o(t
ty ftelin :;. as thil trll, merit in attt tws
Haller is its ability and willingnu ss to t o
NEWS AS IT COMES, Pr.it
and ,ot as it is lirI:rd 1y, party deina -
gogR ts to mislead the pnrtole. ef tci most t
copies free.
Terms of Subscription.
is FORt. WEEKLY. Th I Iti
wreanthsu of taut iftl titwes ot dar'k ti
Sinlc t'oo( ',a y s 1e t l its ............. 2 ti ill
Five CopitlS " ..th 75 eSch......8 E pLY lish
Ten a .. I a " .t... f 1t 0p it it
Twenty " .. 1 50 " .....30 00 t(J e i)
li Mail. Ci \l -at'l..l' t, It" , il f1 oi1ar d1 - e be
Six Months . .. t o ,ix Month. .... 7 ti
'T'h,, , imaths.... 3t ', TI Tr"t a tih .. 3'( tt o t ret
S5 ill0 M thI ......... , 5! Ue Month..... 51 in s
Most liberal terms to club a;,'ents. tend It .
io speini," colpiet s tar d :t;'iits ont tit. A o
S5A9ents wtt:nit gift evetry post-oilic. trat
Address all letters to
FARAN & McLEAE , PrlLOBE'I, lli,
28- WCiniemnati, Ohio. stat, P
-New Yt
tBLESS
OUR IIOMES is the n11 ( of the most the it
elhgant French Oil Motto C(hrono ever thi
issued. The motto is surroundeti by one accoup
of the most exquiste and richly-colored tres of
wreaths o iful flowers on dark .
bac SkgroundIE. andIC is perfect in all its d ti
tails. It is 11 x 15. We sed this imotto Litera
eh trln and the lui)ST ON WEEKLY Crit
GJna 4I1", a .arge eight pane fanily, =tory it
Its coitew s elar, with :gicultural. chess, t e a
puinterstle, hosehold, tl all poprt lar de- to t iti
lprtmtetts, 3 meouths, for only 0 couts.ti Pt
50 Chromo ant paper, l morits for t$1. A It
50 bewatiftul gift. Agents wa nted, treat
Address, ro I tr
of ki ; WEEKLY Note ,
238 Washington street, te tli
THE vi EST Parts. T.Y IT. r
The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN is the niti
ceion oft aty wtest illustreipar of the ki- al
ett in the wrld. EA very olutber conttlllitn s Rihi
January ad4, 1 ivl 75. i it. tte
Its cotcnts embrace the latest anti? nmst m
interesting infscoei rmation pertainig to th', ill
Industrial, Mechanicil, and Scehntinic ProEtig
grcotss of the World; rsripticsi withe Ap
eautiwfl E i ngravingsiof New Invenitions. pi
New Prcessits, and Iiiil nproved Industries. I
of alMl kids; Usefl Not nies, Recipes, Sug nt
gestions fand Advice, Pr'tiaaWriters, Clri, L- en
Tr Work n aPod Emiloyrs in all Prot t, ill the
The SCIENrTIIC AMERICAN is theo tn
cheapest and best illustrated weekly lp'" a- l
1f per published. Every number countain
3 row 10 ut o tI orltis nar ircraittl f hind- th
in and rerey at elle. Tiopcticl recittise s
rENGRAV'l ot, illustrating Improve-itio i
ciintsi psti Discutoveries, d uportot Clolks, Sp
cineor nug, nt free.llg, MIng and ohtallugy Ns
Railways. Ship Bui ng, Navigaction.i t
triity, Magnetism. ight and lSceatlt. i
FARMERS, Mcs hanries, Engineers Co. ir
ersoiti of AScience, Tahers, Clergymen, Law-etn
i ,lave the t.rlnr.tcet AestltiscN useflt i tol e
worthem. It should hve a place in everylic
Family, Library, Study, olrice, and Cttou It
Collheirge, Acdey or School. C
A 'teatr's , itml.rs cetai n t3e pages atmnls t
Maodels otf vou its ar tirserv ad skfor tch-t
in aind refti r ince. Th e practical receipts
are well Invworth tei tentes the subscriptionh this
price. Terntes $3 at a ye ar by mail, in
cluding postage. Discnt to pros attrClubste to ti,
Pacinpls sent f11'ee ay be had of all i-News
rectiol T for TPbRin i oneinPatents.
Alreso fr t he Paper, r concernin F
PatetCAN, Messrs. M N & Co. ark ow
tions have Ieli cade for Fateunts th Sroughta
Models of New inventions aC.d sketches
invention by 1 u-h notice. Send for
Janny 11S75.--1v
EYERY FARMIER HIS OWN MILLER.
CHALLENGE FEED IUiILLS
AsD
Combined
SHELLER AND GRINDER
Will Grind any kind of
Ford, weithler wet ordrv,
willi ense and sped, and
without heating.
Osage Corn and Cob Mills.
For Description and Prioes addreas
SEMIPLE, BI GE & CO.,
Mianutaoturers Agricultural Implements and Spe.
cia'ties in Iardwaro,
13 Routh Miain St., ST. LOUIS.
I rsPilaa mention inlhat peper you reao tri
'7711 THEPEOPLE'S PAPER'7?
TILE LOUISVILLE WEEKLY
Courier- Journal
The Great National Family Newispaperi
Comnlints the' eXl'rience, ability and
utol- rIl es ri 'ci s of Ihlii'r'' old-tiinll Lou.
I' Ivills In- Xa r'is iif nationi al repute-.
thi Loluinvilhl l. u(ri0 1r, l uitis,, ille Jour
Sna ll : ll .uivilo l v 1iii'u11'''at-:LaIl is for.
ith-.III in ish . r,'-I ','I t atil i'iouiihls' iis re
4 I. I n fi. eI f n iarly half a i c tpurray
tlh ir indiv 1ufr l nl, cot minil.d sucb'eo s ,o
The \ i t o: (.', o ir-rie uril n l o isc n ot l
hid e 1 ha11 , hot (l1-potich Illit \ II f"olll the
IIAilly I lition. • lit i mpl'.te, able.supl i, y
failn}' net <',a, c.arfi!ly ai:l intelli.
g' tiliV vditeld ill t.s1ery colu a andparall
nl!e of t i Il ii' 'g toIga ri i'is ir illustra
lto l :ri ,'li l .~ s lic'ls ej a ti re cirlarce h
addii'. io th, pri'e fa n.i uLo r-Jour-lt
Ol il 1.87.
I'iI' HENT(Iew PO'MS and olthe Weekly
CoilrieVr J,i'kial n e1' \elr t illr ` b.fn
A ' l ,nil ih d 'llallt of the B olt t hu , sizet 1ill
iii ~1 l antl d 0 ii a n 1 oil 'ii l ri. ', tail price
. , will II. pbreseniied to a ia iubsl ri.
hevll dtoir \itiekly Cot t higr-Jllrnt oal who
s ul io ueli iit in llr..h
T'le. ic t 2. ii, t lit ar, poCstage apa l ib
eral (Ahcts to clubs of t'ie or owle. Spe
II 1ne1 copy and du' criptive cilrcull r iffe
A' :ii''ressg 1. lN. IOAL)EMAN,
Pris. Courie r-Jurnal Co., Louisv kille, an
FOR 1877"
Tilt Nw York World foir 1,77 Dailye
t.iL«-',Vtekl,ylv and ii\ekly, will be fouand
tll.'b theil i i'llFest and hest newspll. aper
5 piilislhdk illn thl I iiiteld States. It will
lihe printed it anl improtved flrml with new
tIype uponlLi the bcst ,papier. tiand no expense
or labor will i, slparied sto maintain lati
every departieu'nt at the highest possible
stail'ii'dl, and to cois en ll it in all rban
11the best iasses 11 the eollulutiity wllith
i ti regrd tit oolitical opinions and Por reli
itical ; all 5ocd Evoit5, gayand grave,
o ions diltl e of teres.
e it will lay before its readers:
froDi all iliartl-tris, by iniil and by tele
iraph. e rcfulb l condensed rand lucidly
l rraniiled. ild idi,,l attientit l t being ll given to
all ' of ini'al Lt alro, Finaiout til. Social,
. ,11 I'Politilal Trlie kptlins i the City of
Sd- ew York l l l i the 'niterr tates.
FUIL. i. Riii i uIst Relcitin antd Illu ostra
tingth all Colsgrss tInl)ilal a Legilative, Su
ii. A w dil al g 'rnlts lii W itn and Albany;iound
tiatll leetin of impoirtanceti, leligioull
iterary , Educational. Sie lilitatic and Pol
itical ; all Social Ev iits, gay anll d gravnii
and Persional Ineformation of interet wll
the publl1i td e .lln.
C.l Ii"t:SloNE:NCDE, expressly "p+ .parid
n accomplished residelnt writers at all .en
tlres of iinterest throughout tate world ,
Ldrrs:y.tIY NFw and REVIEws, by which
urk it rllrs will be kept advised of every
de- thiig wiorth of alttetly into the currentg
t tInatiotral, strote i Euro l a lcid A goeriea.
SCriticisns of inc ll notable worksalind
notices of all notable evrentc in cof ournction
toy with Music, the lramina, Painting, Sculp
lessrir tiuandl a Iytal other bra n d bhes of Art.
SS Eitoral lrticles upon evthery subject; a oflt
'esent interest or im tpolertance.
is the rFluil a sle pleis by which The World
kl will btile gverned in its disof Cussio and
treatmeniii t of the public questios, it will
slutice to say that The World, while con
serva tive il polities, desires the cevils-i
till on ly' of what is goo gd andand wise in ot
gpublic instiins and color im, itations upon
the right, of to aivie judgmenot b uit pe
te A .sprtlt ns and Refr it save those t which
lerilg, i'ion llsld of LrWde e decor pr.j ndild
'tioi. rt.iiioal rIllep onr peliiCted rightil and
olor- thll est lcssio l s of a ll p lassic affir.
t.. rinct illles and hails. to the triumphbet of
ethe it aleility to all npart ansl atbr lln ass of
Spractiw- llrmlei i se of od ef Iorl i, our publi order d
ll, nll the lrat ill ensit vor, istte ad nationtl,'
I Conit w ill it lose lind htly dev oted to the d
c ooull rea' et t of aly Igitil"ate depln lid of the'
rIt will frely l ic for enthe pulic olnlelt T
gess while it will treat with readspers i fore
vte rights,- of Pulilis Menin and it iof all .x
or ain- e ftat rle i sy lontos i the workingsts oft
ntlitill 1' t.e to iovic te with al
iil It wdill inculcate an sccrte icadfastrelin ote
tin Supon tihe oinrin ch we live. o ou po
it aential si.steln io s th, e only sound basis of allnth,
i ne lde iln thiorvenie int oths. $erein; an munfalt.
ieriig devotion ti the Wonstitutioneandr
Ith tho e Union, a srnuptlonsf Dollaraye the.
sktirit Is well as lhe World (ofdouesdr lawO~
eand a sleepless vigi for clul e in ; aintahe S nine
ent o allof the great safeg.rad of Civil n
i sold ligious Liperty. lr sIet will seek to mit-iO'
Se to trale from Ps---Cal, invariatly n Governent inc
Eni foreeds andll colors, allatios should bes and all
lsecdts; and to advance both by its WORLD,
ConerPonrk Row and Bf Law over pjudice mand
on passion in all our pulic action and ir
the disssioPatent Metal Lined.
I, wll do bjutie always to the best ofI
rits aility NE all men Woand PmPto all classes of
my ind prais e to thed bthat do well.
u or will it lose sight meanwhile of theb
ilitat is unltons in th e movemenits f
sbyiey ad w ill spare neither troublP
S iried aninated and c~c rate picture of he
S n ties inl which we live .
n Daily aniCTd Sundays, one year, CUT 9.Ul 0
Xy * ix iTmitNIs, $,5; three CI nLths, 2IN.D0, ,
A Daily withouti Sundays, 6one year, i'
n urtless ttan three mnths. $1 a mnth.