- - -_________________ _____________ - - ~ht ~toP1e's 4ini1v
nA. t> real lt ou Democrat u p;'I.. M'Hi' t fll
S- and the friend oft I 1 or
Advertbilag Kates.n
gtUAox & l o o c ;
= a n Mo ea 5)$ ufi't:. 00 $'l) 10
g qfae. . 70)1 0III III I,00 M 11 2ýIN
7 0 0 I- ))-1 O 2 2 P u b li sh e d E v er y S A 'L I l u Y \ M ot t it g
Ilo rsao a to onst:.oo tl 3Hg 6f~
Ip: ubscripeion RIM( 0.
ssqo Ares. · 1401) I A r 01)'',.0 au) :1 On- -
O17 Jro O 21) ,10 2 0 I- 10111 III 01 ,
* aOI) 7I1 THE WELFARE OF TIHE PEOPLE IS ' TUE SUPREME LAW. I ubsrito
5 square8.- 2)111 24 o :1 0EI II,111) º:.. I
!;{UC 3i 110 :11i 1111 :I I II) til
W porea.. I
d -.. . - {n0bs0ript1Oill tk IIr i)' ..i si'0si..
.o or Ri aie ia n acioce aihs sbdnbseilecn fo l·r rira tlill ac
SwsquT. 70) 5)) 01) 171.) 1°.'Official Organ of the White Citizens of Red Rver,Sabine, W.n and Natchitoches Parishes. oe n r . .
go aq lau t' c 0 10 11) 11 ))i I.'.
05 y0) u1 2) 5 0 )111 . u1)
$0 sqaare5*
9DFaAol._ - hues ..- YTre.f NL.pFHIC {'HES, LA., JULY 13, 1878.
quutint juertll'f t75 cPUI ere sar. I iw Inkr e investment teey eer imi-o it-. tIleNir
-___ IWasltard, Iielloan atd Anderson ashington and Lee. , EXTI('LIAVE.
- ioem.-N' Y. D~ay B~ook;.
Professional Cards.
1TTiORVE 1T LAI II'.
St. Denis Street, Natchitoches, La.
S ILL practire in the Courts ol Natlchitochtl s.
gabine, veSoto and Red River and In the I
Supreme Court of the State. t
- h
WW.m. E. Jao1.,
(SUccessor to JACK & PIEWRRo
,ttorney (and Counselor at Lar
NATCllI'rO CIlES, LA.
lmCPr tieE in the Courts of Natchitwlces.
`V b IiI. D lSoio. aRer, V, Ri. ,ides,
a.,d rant, and in the Supreme Court ot the
1tatl. Ca1lms promptly attended to.
April 0 1 77.
YWW' M. Lovy,
ATTOR.VEi" ,.I T i..I IW.
(llta Resumed the Practice of lis Professei un.)
urILL practice ii the Parih anld Distrnict
W Courte of Natehitochef and a ehd River
8i -preme Court of LouisiaUna. Vnited State' )ix
trlct and Circuit Court of Louisiana an I'. S.
^ourt of Claims at Washinfgtn.
k7j Office in the Lacoste Blilhling (Illp
Stairs.) Al
NATCHIIT)'ol'C.S, LA.
May 211, IS'"
, . CUNNINGfIHM.
ttoracy & ounsAlor at atr,
St. Denis Street,
Natchitoches. : : : : La.
I1LL give prompt and personal at
tention to a;ll busisl in enltrusted to
his care
Practices in the listrict and Parish
Courts in the Parishes of Natchitoches,
Red River, DeSoto aId Saltine, and before
the Supreme (Court at Monroe 1an New
Orleans. Jan 5
I--I
JO IIr. B. ROB ER TSO.' *,
(Late of New Orleans,)
ATTORNEY & COUNSELOR AT LAW
orhi
(COUSHATTA, ord
REP RI'ER PARISH, LOU'ISIAI A. .
Will practice in Coushatta, Natchito
ehs, Mblaufield, Many, and in every part
of Northwest Louisiana. Special atten
tion given to Land cases and Snecessions.0 th
June 9th, 1877-tf.
the
C. CEaMW. C. F. DRANGOUT. T. P. CHArI of
1PU LN, DRAMNUET & ('IAPLIS.
Attorneys at Lai, e
NATCHITOCHES, LA. -
DRACTICE in the District Courts of
P Natchitoches, Sabine, DeSoto and
Red River and in the Supreme Court of
the State. March 2-1y.
DJ~ rL. C. S(,. RBORO GH,
ATTORNEY IN FACT.
W ILL practice in the Distriet and
TParish Courts of Natchitoches,
Winn. Sabine and Grant.
All business intrusted to his care will
,re eive prompt attention.
Office with W. H. J.ack Esq., Second
:Street, Corner 'rrudenux, Natclhitoehes,
La.Dec. b-ly.
JM. B. TUCIER,
Attorney and Counsellor at Lawr,
OFFICE
it. Degis Street, - . Natct shes, La.
W lIhL practice in the District and Par
l ihCourts of Natchitoches. Saline
DjSeto and Red River, and the Supreme
Court of the State.
All business entrusted to his care will
receive prompt attention. Apr 1l-li
H ENRY SAFFORD,
Attorney at Law,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
17 Omce adjourning that of Mr. Jack.
May 18 4mo.
Business Cards.
J. 0. Triolel,
-DEALER IN-
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD
'WARE, BOOTS and SHOES, HATS,
ETC.
Highest cash price paid for Cotton and
'Country Produce.
WASHINGTON, ST.,
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
SI A. BULLARD. N. H. CAMPBELL
.Bullard & Campbell,
-DEAL INW m
3ET OODS,
%ROCERIES,
HARDWARE,
SalNGOeneral Merchandise.
C.nar PRONT & LA1ATrrIr Street,
Natchiteches, La.
H.YIOGBT cab price paid for cotton and
Sti sa predace l osah or merobandise.
MIarch 3 -ly.
S- L. WAI, UYS. R. M, WALKIBLI
... L. WALMSLEY & CO,
COroN FPACTORS
8851 sODlSlIOn InsiluTs.
.` erek ., oNw OreIn, La.
-.. -3 ll.Bt .
0-01A 12 X~~i~1~
Miscellaneous.
]q the most genia bal batm ever used by T'
sufferers from ustltmoflnrr" l.seases.
It compowre. of herbal produiti, w hih
have a "~a"cii 'ct on thl o throat aLid
ve .ii 'hlungs; detach" fromn the air ce4ll all ir
ritating matter: causes it to he expecto
rated, and astoneh chck th inatllllatlo I
which rodrlir the ,ro~l'gh. A single dose A
relieves tte nu4.t ditsrestin par 1oxysm.
IC soothes nervoa U A5. antd ealrs hl t uf- II
ferer to en.joy quiet rest at niKtt. Being a IV
pleasant crdtlai it tones the weak stom
aSh, and is ,trcl.slly reomumended for
i chlldreu.
I~t What Other 's say about
ETtt's Expectorant.
Had Asthma Thirty Years,.
B LTIMORE, Feboary' ;, i8; .
"1 have had Asthma tiirtv years, a i. never tound
a medicine that had surh a hapnv effct."
W. F. HOGAN, Charles St.
i A Child 's Idea of MeritV
r "Tutt's Expectorant is a fanmiliar n:une in my house.
t"My wife thinks it the best medii;cie in the worldl,
*and the childfn ` v it is 'ni.r ,hain niasns
candy."' NOAH WOODWARD, 101 N. Poydra St.
" Six, and all Croupy,
,"Ianmthe mother of six childr ; ll otl"m h
been croupv. Without Tutt's 1 xpectornnt, I d't
think they coul have survived some of the attacks.
tiatnl Mr' STEVENS, Frankfort, Ky.
A Doctor's Advice.
,"In my practice, l advise all aiilies to keep Tutt's
SExpectorant, in sudden emergencies, for coughs,
eroup, diphtheria, etc."
T. P. ELLIS, M.D., Newark, N. J.
bold by all drulggists. Price $1.00. Ojicd
. 36 Murray Street, Net York.
An
Il
'Ti
Ag
On
"THE TREE IS K BY ITS FRUIT."
** Tutt'sPills are wnrththeirw ~ 'it in irold.'
REV. I. R. SIMPSON, Louisville, Ky.
"Tutt's Pills are a spciblestin t of the nin- Al
teenth cetur."-REV. F. R. OSG000, New York.
,I have used Tntt's lls or torpor of tie liver.
They are superior to any medicine for biliary dis- i
orders evermadc'."
I. P. CARI, Attorne at Law, Augusta, Ga.
"I have t:sed Tntt's Plls five years in my f.imilv.
They areune ualed forcostlvenessand hilijusoWOssNg w e
- - . R, WILSON Oeorgetown, Texas.
"I have used Tutt's .di e ,inwith great benrfit.'
W. W. MANN Editor Mobile Register. "I
" We sell fifty boxes 'utta Pills to five of all
others."-SAVRE & CO. Cartersville, Ga.
"Tutt's Pills have only to be tried to establish s
their merits. They work like magic"
W. H. BARtRON, 96 Summer St., Boston.
"' * There is no medicine so well ada:pted to the cure
of bilious di.orders as "1utt's Pill."
JOS. BRUMMEL, Richmond, Virginia. I
AND A T i ND MORE.
Bold by d ru ists. 25 cents a boa, Offie A
35 Murray ,ftrect, .New lorlk.
N
of TUTT'SHAIRDYE
AMPORSD.
HIGH TESTIMONY. A
H4, FROM TIIE PACIFIC JOCRNRAL.
han een made byR . V TT of ewYork,
which restore4 youthfll beauty to the hair.
That eminent chemist has snueeeded In I
d producing a Hailr T), which Imitates
e nature to perfection. "(hld bachelors may
now rejoice."
prNe $1.00. Ofice .3 Mfurra ft.,
.ill New York. So(d by all drruggitst.
La.
tine
will
A Mystery Solved. Sli
_ ---- que
The Greatest .Medical Triumphl of Lot
Mfodern Times ! The lMysterious con
Channel of Disease Discovered, let
and a Certain Cure Proi- the
dMed. The Stomach,
Liter, and Bowels
the Centre of
Disease. 8
his
PARSON'S PELGHATI\E PILLS, hIi
The Great Anti.Billious Remedy and pr
Miasmatic Dissolver. file
if
PARSON'S str
pr
PUR(ATIVE PILLS to
Are the result of long-continted Scien- as
tiec investi ation. and are Warranted to to
cure all diseases originating in the o
Stomach, Liver, and Bowels No rip- m
ing pains follow the use of these Pills,
unless the Bowels are inflamed; but Re- m
lief, Immediate Relief, may be relied n
upon. As a Common Family Physic
PARSON'S
pUr ATIVE PILLS b
Stand iequaled before the world to-day. b
By varying the dose according to direc- e
tions, Parsons' Purgative Pills effectually b
Purify the Blood and greatly alleviate, t.
if not entirely cure Dyumepsia, .Srofula
'd or King's Evil, Bose, rysipelF' or St.
Anthony's Fire, Eruptions, ana Ept
__ Diseases of the Skin, Salt Rhe Tet- tB
ter, Ringworm, Bore, Boils, Tmp,
.r Morbid Swellings, Ulcerations, Pimples r
and Blotches.
EVERY BOX WARRANTED.
Most Complete Satisfaction Guaranteed
or No Pay.
Full directions around each box.
Physicians supplied by mail, post-paid,
for $2.50 per tousand, ai bulk, cash in
advance- We will send these Pills to
any reliable druggist or merchant to sell
on eommission. Agents wanted every
Swhere.
s. JOHNSON & CO.,
..' ,* UiABl, II, nr, prletors.
IQ that'
S to pr
-- ------ ~ woul
For tilhe Vindicator.
BONNIE MARY. 1200
turni
Y w. c..1. .ed b
to i
My heart is sad, My heart is Sair, was
- T'will never more be eheerie, , s
"t For true heart joys, I'll hope na' mair, If a
id For 1 have lost ilmy Mary.
SI've loved the dance, the smile, the solng, eer
KO And pleasures gay and airy, lette
:f lut lonely is the gayest throng. the 1
: W1 1 \ithont nmy honuie Mary.
The lovely tlowers bloom na' for uie.
T'he birdiue's song is drearie. C
Tt And morniug light is drear as night, cans
Unshared wi' bonnie Mary. Eas
S Nate beauty shone wi sac much grace, gral
On Naiad, Nymph or Fairie, all.
an Na Smile e'er played on sic a face. had
As on my bonnie Mary. Anu
\Whate'er my lot of life may prove, f'th
L. Ilowe'er may fortune vary. tha
'1 M heart shall never cease to love. wal
My cherish'd honnie Mary. bel
tRIPS I Boi
ISt. The bird may sing, thie lowret bloom.
And all look bright and eliecri'e.
Around my heart, there's naught but tr
h .o l, t
Since I have lost tiy Mary,
Ky. Tho' she has pass'd thro' death's cauld an
chill, ne
And left me lone and drearie.
utt" In the heart's deep fount, she's with me
g hs, still, tl
N.J. My loved-my bonnie Mary.
And we shall meet again, where rest. M
Is for the grieved and weary, to
And there wi' t hose forever blessedd. ne
I hope to meet my Mary.
'Till then, Farewell, t'will not be long,
That I, on earth, shall tarry.
Again we'll meet. and love shall greet, al
Our endless union Mary.
A BATTLE HYMN. d
Sweet Charles Augustus Simpkins was w
I .. I A creature of undaunted nerve, fa
Yrk And in a fierce mood he joined
liver. The glory, gay police reserve.
rdis Rigged out in epaulets and blue,
Equipped for sanguinary wars.
1 Our Charles Augustus seemed to be
mi-; A. duplicate of bloody Mars. C
Tss. "Came one, conie all," he boldly cried, 1
net." .And waved his sabre keen and bright, d
gistr. "I yearn for cannon smoke and roar
of all I hanker for the furious fight !"
tablish Sweet Charles Augustus Simpkins pitched e
aston. His tent upon the green fair ground-
lie cur He little knew that baleful chills
I Were lurking in that place aronnd. s
rginis. He lay him down to sweetly sleep
Uplon his clover-scented bunk.
ffi* And for the ague and its ills
He never for a moment thunk.
Next morning at aurora's dawn
Did our immortal hero wake
- He woke to hear his sentry shriek
S 'Good hev'ns, Augustus, how you shake.
Alas. alas, for martial dreams
How vain is war, and war's alarms
All vanished in the thirst for gore,
And fled all military charms !
There may be glory in the field
:, There may be glory in the camp
d I| There may be pleasure dreaming dreams
tate In places where the ground is damp ;
This all may be-our hero Charles
t, Cant recognize the glory in it
its. His time is spent in taking now
A grain of quinine ev'ry minit.
POTTER'S FIELD. Jent
it w
Weber Tells All About It, and Fastens co
the Crowd. of it
I- give
Sherman, the Visiting Statesmen, dere
Sheldon, Marks and All the ther
Rest Take a Hand. tesT
Washington, July 3.- The Potter lect
committee met at 11 o'clock to day. leat
Weber was recalled and his examina- 24t1
tion continued by Mr. Hunton. He
stated that it was understood that Mr. her
Shet man was the leading spirit among the
the visiting statesmen who were fre
quently in consultation with leading be
Louisiana Republicans. The matter We
of the pretest was discussed in these ord
conterences. Witness' brothelaled
the protest, but lie hesitated about
letting it stand. Anderson cursed all p
the Republicans, because they insiet r e
ing on his protest mattter, which he IIn
objected to. hin
Witness had a ret
CONVERSATION wITH MR. SHER.MAN Se
about Don Weber hesitating to let tor
his protest stand. Mr. Shetlan said the
his brother's hesitation arose from vie
the fact that the statements in the thi
protest were not in accordance with ag
facts. Mr.'Sherman told witness that pre
if his brother would let his protest as
stand lie (Sherman) would protect and
provide for him. Witness repeated be
the statement made by him yesterday er
9- as to seeing his brother with Mr. Slier- fo
to man on the evening of November 20 ,
he on passing Moreau's restaurant. Wit
P ness noticed his brother and Ander
' son in conversation with Mr. Sher
d an, and witness' brother told wit. o
ness that Sherman had renewed his
assurance to' them.
Witness had the Sherman letter in
L S his hand. It was written on a don
lay. ble sheet of note paper and complet
rec- ed on the third page; the second was tl
ally blank. Weber stated that the re- f
ate, turns from East and West Feliciana q
fula wereiloned by the Returning Board L
St. November 24. The visiting states
T vt men and leading Republicans, in fact,
everybody understood from common
plea report within three days after that t
the Republicans had been beaten ac
cording to the statements published f
in the newspapdb; that the State
had gone for Nicholls by from 10,000
teed to 12,000 majority, and for the Tilden
electors by 8.t00W majority. In a con
box. ference of the visiting statesmen theseo
paid, matters were discussed and plans as I
i in to destroying the Democratic majori
s to ty were discussed.
sell Packard, Kellogg and other lead
e ers determined, prior to the election,
to throw out East and West Aliciana,
. and they W a subsequently gcoara
agod by i g ate men to 6a
ot their. WiWtnss was told
by Iackard, Kellogg and Anderson
that if he would influence his brother
to protest against West Feliciana he A
- would be returned to the State Sen- rI
ate, although he was defeated by
1200 Democratic majority. The Re
turning Board returned witness elect
ed by 600 or 700 majority, according the
to witnes5s' best knowledge. There per
was no reason for throwing out the Gei
parishes of East and West Feliciana. pa
If a proper canvass had been made sut
witness is confident he could have dli
Sbeen elcted. Witness submitted a l
letter written by L. B. Jenks, in which cae
the latter assures him that he has ed
FIXED THINGS ALL SAFE. of
Witness stated .that the Republi- pe
cans told him they had had difticulty rel
in keeping J. E Andelson away from "h<
East Feliciana, inasmuch as the pro. the
gramme was to hold no election at ra
all. Jenks also told him that Pitkin Ai
had given him (Jenks) money to get hl
Anderson drunk and keep him away in
from East Feliciana. Witness stated at
that he understood Eliza Pinkston se
was interviewed by Sherman before pi
being brought before the Returning e1
Bonad. He heard some of the visit- a:
ing statesmen converse about it, and am
imt from their conversation it is the wit- g,
ness' best knowledge and belief thiat I
they understood it was a put up job g
to intluence the visiting statesmen c,
uld and persons all over the North. Wit- a
ness has seen the affidavit of Eliza 1
11W Pinkston in the New York ierald, b
and to his best knowledge and belief c
the facts therein stated are true. 4
Weber related the circumstances of I
Mrs. Jenks' visit to Mrs. Weber, as t
told hun by his sister. In that con
nection he submitted a letter from I
Gen. Sheldon to her as follows:
, "NEW ORL.EANS, May 6, 1878.
"MIADAM--The investigation is
et, about to conmmence in Washington
under the Potter resolution. It is
deemed, too, important to have you
there as a witness at once. Mrs. Jenks
as will bear this to you and explain af
fairs to you. Very respectfully,
"L. A. SHlELDON.
-'Madam D. A. Weber, Donaldsonville,
La."
Mrs. Jenks told Mirs. Weber that his
Gen. Sheldon wanted her to come to a let
New Olleans and make an affidavit their
denying that she knew anything low(
about the Sherman letter. Mrs. We- to u
ber said she would not go until called Lee
upon by the proper officers. Mrs. retry
Jinks then threatened to send the sion
Sergeant-at-Arms if Mrs. Weber anst
should not go with her. At this time trad
a brother `,f Mrs. Weber came up tact
and asked her what that woman-re- thaI
ferring to Mrs. Jenks-was doing "TI
there again, and wanted to know ingi
whether she was after that letter und
again. Mrs. Weber said she did not go
want him to meddle with her affairs, T
she had the letter and knew what to Mr.
do with it. Witness at that time had gra
not told his sister-in-law be had found gro
the letter and destroyed it. In the war
summer of 1877 Mrs. Jenks had made his
a visit to Donaldsonville and offered am
I MONEY FOR THE SHERMAN LETTER, hel
which she said sihe knew to be in ex- for
istence. She never hinted at such a Je
thing as being responsible for its au
thorship. It was after this visit of OS
Mrs. Jenks that witness looked up tin
the letter and destroyed it. Mrs.
Jenks, in speaking of the letter, said ed
it was a valuable document, and she
could make thousands of dollars out He
of it. Site spoke of it as a guarantee -
given by sherman to Weber and An- nj
derson, to protect them and give ati
them office in case they let their pro- di
test stand.
The witness submitted a letter to ye
himself from Morris Marks, now co I- t
lector of internal revenue at New Or
' leans, dated Washington, D. C., May 6i
I 24th, 1878, offering witness a govern- b
ment position, and a reply declining
the position, because it was to place L
him in a false light. Witness construe
g ted it as an intention that he should 17
ng be provided for if he would come to te
9e Washington and testif" on the right hi
ed order of the question.
Witness said since his arrival here
ll lie has been approached by several
t persons connected with the govern
meat, among them J. H. Harris and
IIusted, the latter of whom invited ii
him to a private interview with Sec
retary Sherman and told him the
N Secretary was very kindly disposed t
let towards him. As witness considered
aid these approaches made were with a
om view to influencehis testimony before
the this committee, he gave no encour
vith agement. Thos. H. Jenks also ap
hat proached witness with an intimation I
test as to obtaining office by testifying
and ON THE RIGHT SIDE,
ted but witness gave him the cold should
dy er. At this point the witness was in
r- formed that his further examination
' would be continued in New Orleans,
where he is to report to Gov. Cox on
der- July 10.
The committee at 1:45 p. m. ad
wi journed till Wednesday, July 10.
He Took Her at _er Word.
A girl, about as pretty as they make a
them, recently went into a Cedar u
Rapids store and asked the clerk, in- b
quiringly, if be had "A Heart that tl
Loves Me only t'
"No," lie said, "but here's 'A Health Ia
' to To Thee, Mary."'
That wouldn't do, but before she t
t turned to go she asked :
"lHave you 'One Sweet ,Kiss Be- t
fore We Part ?"
That Cedar Rapids clerk looked up i
0 and down the store; the book-keeper
n was out, the boss was up-stairs trying i
i- to sell a granger a wheezy old mel.,
ub deon, apd he seized her over the
is counter, and distributed on her about
i- half a dozen of the best and moat ar
tistically finished articles that the as
I- tonished young lady had ever seen
o, offered in a job lot.
a, She didn't say much, but she went
a- out of the store in a step and a half,
ry and > her beseks thoughtfully
`ti rX
I Washington and Lee.
A BRresearch into the Truth of The Pr
Their Historical Falling Out.
-- Fri
- [New York World 19.]
Mr. George II. Moors read before te Ut
the Historical Society last night a pa- tm
per on the battle of Monmlouth and Butler
Gen. Lee's subsequent career. The Private
paper consisted mainly of an expo- elliov
e sure of Gen. Charles Lee's conduct There
c during the revolution and particular- a orf
t ly at the battle of Monmouth, the on a F
centennial of which will be celebrat- This it
ed on the 28th inst., and of a defense Cabin,
of Gen. Washington against the as- Miller
i- persions cast upon him by Lee. After lent t
vt relating the events which determined Butlen
m' the Bnit islh to evacuate Philadelphia, Tile
3. the principal of which was the treat) the re
at ratified between France and the Stray
in American colonies in 1"78, Mr. Moore
et began his subject proper with Wash- htere.
iv ington's plans to obstruct thb British place,
ed army in its march through the Jer neces
on seys. Gen. Lee, who had been a
re prisoner in Phdadelphia, had been he is
ng exchanged. lie had lost none of the the L
it- assurance which led hin in 1775 to in Co
nd assume the character of a military after
it- genius. He joined the army at Val- Nobo
tat ley Forge, May 20, 1778, and was dis
job gusted to find himself still second in pens
ten command. Sir Henry Clinton evacu- bevel
it- ased Philadelphia on the 18th of June. four
iza Washington expecting him to cross last I
tld, New Jersey sent Gen. Dickinson to will
lief obstruct him. On the 25th Clinton casit
ordered his forces on the Monmouth It
s of Road towards Freehold. Washing- belil
,as ton sent 1000 men to Monmouth e
on. Court-House, under the command of qidet
rom Lafayette, to attack the enemy in the deed
rear. Lee had declined this com- fout:
mand, but afterwards repenting, nec
Washington gave him two brigades line
' and sent him to join Lafayette. He and
:tn was ordered to attack the enemy as
t is soon as they should march. Themor
you march began at 5 o'clock on the of i
Smorning of the 28th of June, and Lee
af- came up with them about a mile fromn eoo
the Court House. Without a blow, suit
N' however, the whole advance corps we
,ille, was thrown into confusion in an inex
plicable manner. Washington fonsd Tea
that his troops thus vanquished by obeying ,a
te to a leader who had evidently meditated den
lavit their disgrace. The scene that fol- pri
hing lowed is memorable, but it is difficult The
We- to unravel. Washington cried out to abn
alled Lee, "What is the meaning of this
Mrs. retreatt Whence arose this confu- tre
the sion ?" Lee, after some hesitation, of l
'eber answered that he had received con- et
time tradictory intelligence, that the at- e4
e up tack was against his judgment, and thi
-re- that his orders had not been obeyed. wa
loing "This may be true," answered Wash- wil
snow ington, "but you ought not to have hba
etter undertaken it unless you intended to one
I not go through with it." sol
faire, There is not a particle of evidence, ful
tat to Mr. Moore said, to sustain the dis- Oh
a had graceful charge that Washington was ri
found gross and profane in his language to. tm
1 the wards Lee. Lee was not deprived of co
made his command, but demanded an ex- so
tered amination, and a court-martial was ret
TER, held which resulted in his suspension
for a year. Congress confirmed the sa
in ex- suspension December 5, 1778, New Lu
h a Jersey and Virginia with a few other M;
sit States being divided on the question. so
d uf One year later Congress informed Lee id
Mrs that his services were no longer need- g
r said ed, and he wrote that body a letter to
with he afterwards acknowledged to at
be disrespectful and contumacious. tr
Sout He wrote frequently against WTash- e
-e ington, and once charged Washington ,
with attempting to have him assassin- a
give ated. He had two companions in
r pro- disgrace living near his estate--te- tl
vensand Gates. He once said to
r o them: "Stevens, you were cashiered L,
!W Or for being drunk when every man
M should be in his senses; I for not
.Mer- fighting when I would have been
oining beaten, and Gates for being beaten s
when he should not have Tought."
a place Lee died in Philadelphia, October 2,
rue- 1781, before the end of the war, af
ho ter a sickness of five days. During
e to his delirium lie fought over his bat
ties, and would cry out: "Stand by
lherme, moy brave grenadiers."
several In person he was slovenly and
verl mean. He was very ugly, and one
eriad- said of him that his nose was so large
nd its shadow obscured half his face. His
tbSed- impiety and ridicule of the Christian
im the religion were only exceeded by Vol
tlie taire In his will he said: "I de
iposed site that I may not be buried in any
idered church or church-yard, or within a
fa mile of any Presbyterian or Anabapt
encour ist; for since my arrival in this coun
nlso try I have been in so much bad com
imation piany that I hIave no desire to contin
un no it when dead."
Potter's Own Say. e1
In luxuriating over the rich details C
of the testimauy elicited by Congress- ti
man Potter's Committee, it is well ml
for the consacientinus reader to bear a
in mind what the true, real and ge- at
nuine and sole object of that Com
- oJittees's investigation is. The best E
man to set this clear is Potter him
self, and here is what he wrote to a P
fiend about it, some three weeks
agoHaving accepted the Electoral Comrn
a mission, of course we were bound to sub- "
ir mit to its result ; but we ought at least to d
i- be allowed to show if such was a fact, n
it that the returns upon which the Com- o
mission passed, were procured by fraud. r
bh I admit that the Presidency is not worth t
a civil war; but I have not believed
there was any danger of such a war.
The generation who charged up the I
hights of Frederirksburg and defendedt
e- the wrks at Petersburg will not o
lightly into another civil struggle. We
ip must get years further on before that
er will happen, * * " What, then yea ask,
is the purpose of the investigation ? I
answer, to ascertain facts so that if
he frauds may be prevented, and if not, to
clear up the general belief throughout
iUt the country that there were such frauds.'"
e- As the delegates to the Democratic
ten State Convention from the parishes that
oppose a constitutional convention are
fot being instructed to oppose it, we hope
lf, that those who favor it will not neglect
illto instruct their delegates to advocate
it. . ~
AN EXTINCT RACE. investS
lives.
1 The Private Soldier In the War of
the Rebellion.
From the Burlington Hawkeye.
At the decoration of the graves of No.
the Union soldiers in the National can str
Cemetery at Gettysburg, Gen. B. F. breath
Butler delivered 'in address on "The He is i
e Private Soldier in the War of the Re- wear
hellion." It was a touching theme. the trn
There is always a wonderful pathos one fo
in a speech or play or story founded ty.
on a life that has ceased to exist. the as
This is the charm of "Uncle Tom's tobace
;e Cabin, this is the power in Joaquin put tl
9 Miller's "Danites ;" this must have got tb
er lent tenderness and phathos to Gen. sippi
Butler's address. in Ih
The "private soldier in the war of eat Ut
1 the rebellion." He is dead. Or lost. he roe
Strayed or stolen, possibly. We do Presi'
not know where he is, but he is not and I
hli ere. lie has gone away to some dent
r lace. Perhaps lie has ceased to be very
necessary. Perhaps if he were here No
a lie would be ib the way. At any rate, III.
lie lie is not around. He does not go to was
to the Legislature. We do not find him posit
in Congress. 'He is not eagerly sought an el
try after as a candidate for anything. casie
Nobody seem to know anything about enco
him. Occasionally he appears on the "Toi
pension list, with one leg, a wife and marl
Du- several children, and $8 a month. If alith
e. flour takes much of a rise, lie will not ther
Ito last much longer at this rate. and he Ni
to will soon be deprived even of the oc- fron
ton casional glimpses we have of him. Rusi
It is asserted, and quite generally here
"n believed, that at one time lie was and
nI quite numerors, and was even con- burl
sidered rather convenient, if not, in ing
the deed, quite indispeusitle. It was "Br
im- found that upward of 100 of him were The
idg, necessary in order to secure mere the
ides line commissions for three eminent ink
He and deserving men. When field com- the
mr as issions were wanted for three even The
The more eminent and great men, upward He
the of 1000 private soldiers were neces- is
ee sary. One thousand! It seems an soli
enormous number now, when by con- col
low, sulting the Congressional directory leap
orps we find there are none in all this this
nex- proud republic. But twelve or fifteen tiro
years ago even that, incredible as it ful,
ying may appear to us today, was consi
ated dered a small number. There were
fol- private soldiers and private soldiers.
There were even hundreds of thous
ut to ands of them.
this And they were useful. They dug
,ifu- trenches, they constructed long lines al
tion, of breast works, and then, when an g1
co enemy came within sight, they climb- aI
ed over them and went outside of Pa
and them to fight. They worked, and sa
eyed. watched, and fought. Co-operating E
tash- with great and eminent men who
have have since passed to their rewards in
d to one office and another, these private BI
soldieis sometime rendered very use
ene, ful service in winning great battles.
Sdis- Oh, they were useful. Some histo
Swas rians have even gone so far as to
,e to. maintain that without them the war
red of could hardly have been carried to a ci
o ex- successful termination. Tlhey were st
ias really quite useful. s
n .aon And now they are gone. It seems
d the sad, looking back at the war,lthat none
New Lut the Generals, and Colonels, and
other Majors, and line officers 'should have
stion. survived its dreadful ravages. Proey
d Lee idence, ever mindful of the wants of a el
need- great and growing uation undoubtedly Ii
letter took special care of these great men, e
ged to and in its great aniety that the conn- tl
cus. try should not suffer frel a lack of v
Wash- eminent men, kind of forgot the pri- a
ingtoo rate soldier and let them wander t
assn- away. And so they are all gone. 1
)os in Some of them got shot. Some of I
-Ste- them died. Some of them married and t
aid to moved out of the world, to settle upon a
hiered tracts of government land, where I
r man the Indians could get at them more
or not easily. Some of thenm went into bus I
been ness. Some of them are teaching
beaten school. Some of them went away
ught." and did't leave their present address.
ober2, But all the same they are all gone I
var,af- and it seeme deadfully lonesome with
During out them. There used to be so many
lisbat- of them.
America Democ racy vs. Commundsm. netw
It w
It is often said that Communism is of ti
of foreign origin, and has no basis ino stro
our mental habits. This is true, but aba
it is also largely untrue, for the whole sheo
drift of the American mind, under the tion
rule of a mad sectionalism for twenty war
years past, has run to this very Com- diff
munismn, and not only are the work
ing classes thoroughly saturated with al
it, but the ablest and most influential
of the Republican leaders, from Lin- Lo
colon to Hayes, are specially those
who most fully represent it. "Gov
ernment" in the old world is the
cause direct and indirect of nine
tenths of the ignorance, vice, and
misery of the people which it, or the fr
small class that owns it, pretends, to ai
ar guide for their good, because they oi
are incapable of taking care of them ed
selves. This "idea" is the basis of th
European civilization, and the peo
pie assenting to it, at last, as in the
ks French revolution of 1789, rise up, yo
Sseize it, and use it for their real good, s
however blindly and bloodily and er
a- naiselably they reach that end. The
to discovery of a New World opened up
pct, new ideas, and Jefferson and the men
im- of 1776 founded a system just the
ud. reverse of the European--a system e
,rb that leaves all men to their natural
ed freedom, and lets "government'" sim- g
trh ply protect their rights But for h
I twenty years past our people have
been drifting back to the European
W system, some millions of them, alas !
that poor fellows, knocked in the head to
ask, save a government, forsooth ! a mon
S1I ster that loads them down with debt
t if and taxes, and as in Europe, trans
t i forms them into mere beasts of bur- .
Ids." den for the favored few who rnoo the
Divinity or Idol they call govern
ratic ment. Meanwhile the one thing need
that ed is to expjpde the false ideas of
are Gevernmefnt; and if the Vanderbiltes,
hoe the Astors, etc., were to put a copy
of "Mr. O'Conor's Pamphlet on Dem
g ocracy" into the hands of every vo
Ster the land, it would he th bestj
investment they ever made in. tlhir
lives.-N. Y. Day Book.
r -
Our Picture (anlleri.
I [Hawkeye. I
f No. 827 is the portrait of an Anmeri
1 can statesman. See the beer on his
'breath. How fond he is of cloves.
a He is a man of genius. lie fears to
- wear a collar for fear of otl'ending
. the tramps. ie fears to go without
ae one for fear o' offeuding the gentili
d ty. So be compromises. and wears
t. the same collar three weeks. The
's tobacco stains on his shirt front lihe
in put there himself. The black eye he
le got the last time he called a Mlissis
n. stppi statesman to order. HIe is ijst
in the act of telling a rural constitu
of ent that when he goes to Washington
it. he rooms with the President, and the
lo President calls him "Bill, lmy boy."
ot and he always addresses the l'r'rsi
ne dent as "Skinny." It is a lit: not a
be very good one, but it will do.
tre No. 963 is a painting of licharid
te, III. ie was not a good man. but he
to was very decided in his views and
im positive in his sentiments. lle was
ht an eminent vocalist, and, one one o
eg. casion, he refused to iesplond to an
)ut encore, shouting at the audience.
the "Too hoarse, too hoarse '" This re
tUd mark has passed into history,
If although it is difficult to see what
not there is in it so verSy wonderful.
he No. 11,802 is a battle scene, taken
oc- from the war between England and
Russia. This is the English army,
ally here is London, smashitg windows
was and shouting, "lion to St. Peters
on- burg." These are the Russians, eat
in ing tallow candles and shoulting,
was "4Brwxtchktzpblphknstky forever."
re The ammunition trains are seen in
iere the distance, bringing up supplies of
lent ink. ' The Russian gene:al is seen at
om- the head of his army. 11i is asleep.
iven The English general cannot he eenl,
card He is oft drawing his pay. The war
ies- is very expensive. Some of the
an soldiers get as high as fonr dollars a
on- column, narrow measure, brevier
tory leaded. Nobody has been killed in
this this battle yet. Thev haven't had
teen time to tfight long enough. It is aw
a it ful. Let us draw a veil.
CONSTITUTIONAL CONVENTION.
Grant Parish.
[Colfax Chrouicgl,]
A resolution to instruct the dele
gates to the State Convention to
support a Constitutional Conuvetion
f passed; also, a resolution instructing
said delegates to support J. C. Mon
core for State Treasurer, and J. ].
Elam for Congress from the 4th Con
p gressional District.
e Blenville Solid for a Constitutional
Convention.
* r[Special to the Democrat.]
ARCADIA, La., July 2.-At the larg
est mass meeting ever held in MBicn
a ville parish, yesterda:', ilienville de
cided unanimously it, favor of a couln
e stitutional convention, to be held as
i soon as practicable. Q,
e SOL'
d (N.O. DýU........
,. We will have to make some chang
a es in our list of convention papers.
ly In reply to the Times, the other day.
n, we enumerated twenty-six newspaprl"
n. that demanded a constitutional con
of vention. We supplimuented this list,
ri. a few days after, with the name of
er two other papers that had come out
ee in favor of a new constitution. The
of Markaville Bulletin calls to our atten
od tion the fact that the following papers
on also support the convention move
3re ment; The New (lrleans Cathlic
)re Messenger, Point Coupee P'clican,
,i Lake Charles Echo, Abbeville Meri
ug dional, Marksville Villige, St. Bru
ray ard Eagle, and Washington NKes.
ms, Says the Bulletin: "The truth is, as
)oe stated by the DEMOCRAT, the entire
th- press of the State are almost a unit
Py on the side of a convention. Tih
Times, itself, if we mistake not, was
once or the same side of the question,
but backslided for reasons it has
m' neveor thought proper to explain,"
it will thus be seen that thirty-seven
n is of the leading papers of the State are
gbt strong conventionists. The Times is
b about the only paper that has really
oe shown any opposition to a conven
tion; some few other papers are luke
warmin the movement; some others
om- differ as to the proper time of meet
kt inlug; none are really opposed to the
with almost unanimous demands of the
ati people for a new constitution for
Louisiana.
hose
A Great Belief.
[Free Press.]
A Cass farm citizen was aroused
from his midnight slumber the other
night by the tread of feet on the grass
under his window, and he softly rais
ed the sash to behold three men on
the lawn.
"Fellows! have you come here with
your fiddles and sore throats to sere
nade my daughter and give me anoth
er year's sicknesse" demanded the
citizen.
"No, sir; we came to steal your
garden-hose !" meakly replied a voice
from the darkness.
"Ah! that is a great relief-a bles,
ed relief! Take the reel along, too,
gentlemen!"
He put down the window and went
Sback to bed, and the strangers delart
ed withont disturbing auytlhinug.
Who are the disorganizers of the
o Democratic party ? Are they not tho ,
who oppose the carrying out of thei
promises of the party, that have been
made for the last ten years, to undo all
r- the objectionable work of the Republi
cans, as soon as it got control of tli'
d: State government.-(Richland Beac,i.
of
to, They have just opened the doors
py and windows of the house in which
m- Voltaire died in 1778, and the bugs
ro- and spiders must feel thankful for the
est fresh air,.