llo I II I liam emi l id a ] mi 8 l is Ii Il i I. I , L. . .... .. . . . . . . . . . . . . .
e drtl inig late of 0 clliu 0 lig. lrh :i llitpi
I h.. ------a Ii the friend fI the 'lt:otl.E
_- Z) j. H. COCROVt
S -- 1 $ ',,li t :II , g tlitut " Prn ' etIr.)
dqnare. loon * P13lo Everu !ATfil1I)AY M3rnntn
, . l : TIlE WVELFARE OF THE PEOPLE IS THE SUPREiME LAW. o .
l r " II ' nU " ) (n i 5 - a' "1 ,_ II 3i I' .I iOnlle c7iopy six to-th-Is." .... .. . .1 )
. " ,-) , ,, ,, 7, Official Organ of the White Citizens of Red River, Sabine, Winn and Natchitoches Parishes. ,, n i r .o 1.  I
qlnarT ,,- FI I-l_)ti! 99 n I)o- 1_nn a)1.511 tl . - - : _.. - . ..- - - . - - . . _-.. llt l ' i,' , -, _t, iti, th l t i.
"_ _ntr - - - - _ -. r - All latt ist. rnI.t firll slt, , r Ijn"i t •l -" " •a
,n,~,ir,, ,,£i.r ,,11~i,.I VOL IV. NATCIIITOCIIHES, LA., OCTOBE R 27, 1877. O. 6l fli i a, o, it , ,
lin.. I - .. ".t .1 . . . . i .. . . . .
gBUSINZS D!RECTIRY. 01
: 4 {. o , L-:ai! 1 ; ro:eri 's, (,r1 11'Ir al TT11
(- '11 I'l-\Vo lod an I lHiu lksmith \ ork.
Ao Church Sn.(' t. O
PI ' I I-T hum New Stald -Iler (;arden,s
A . ne Wi-, l ,it·ol uranI (ir . 1 St.llnij. lny 21
A_-- rI- ,,,,taurnt. st Denis Strit.
C(. ('hap
AI E'( I'LMEE-- Notary Public, St. 1)hnni
street. CHAPI
,B 't ,Inot and Canvassr. St D,,ni stre ,. _ t ton
li ,t s-" ,nl aid Pistoils ,,soldl, mAdo antd
SReipaired. St. )Denis Street. St.
B latatitMit Stpplie, Front st rtit.
t-1Il 'l'lIN CUNNINTA 1M& ClH APLIN-At ]Id
I F- b ~ \i'7 I .A F- Fnilni GrhoCeries, unter
J toru}'sat ---L-aw-. :a-- n- to . . .. 5, 11, ll
StpFNT t ti'T--ilant ra luHtel--Fa -ritT•
.eli J t ei nis i Stri'll't. ii
, IOF W. LKEVIYl'N I" .Ur-l.er and No- Wil
L ' tDry iu r i ni' ;ir' -. 'u iitrct. tS,
KAt FFEE--DIry Goods and ('rolce ries, orn J
stree t. _ i -
;1 Front lstreet. " .
THFirtoY-- Surveyor St. lenis treti.
1 .MIooN--lrt Gdoods "d and repilils \ash- ten
" iS toin + Stre rt.
1 l0Kll-- .rv ,lls , al i-lr ceri'asd, elow Ilili
H 110~11
,th Dirt hrid;u e. ,.ffrso St t.t J (
rOtIN RT',.tA-Dry Giods and GroeriiS, esp
"b low the Dirt bridge. Jefferson Street. lt
JHO.GEN'O & ('-Dry Goooi and Groceret .
Wilhington street.
AAS. GENIF--Dry Goods and Groceries,cor- -
nor JTeiersoti and Anlet Streets.
J W.SI ATil--The Phoeni,--Chlice Li
SeOirt an ,Cirars, St. Dhnis Street.
JAS. M. ii. TCKEIt RAttirilY at Lta St.
Denis Strert. _ ... . "
Denia street.
JT DUNCKLI.EM AN.--Iarness anti Saddlc ly,
W"shinugtoni street.
CJ,. RCI('llIeL-Genefral Mrlrclhando iRe,W a sh
t DvCAixrS-ine.ral Asorsotniiit of Mer- i
Slehandize, DirbshieJtonii s.Sreet. e. -_
J II.s TEPIEXN-Luiluler r'a.r interseltion
,10.CEN01, & :(( K & GiROf.-"nGatl and h"iite(sa
ons, Washlington street.
jiA. DICORvNAf--Fanev and Sntaoei, Dry
* nGoois, ioots, hoes, Hats and .lothing,
SCARTEiL--The Gem Br Rhom, chLoicee
W'iuesu L a lnr tand a CigrS , Fronlt street.
T EVY PIIITI;TPS-P-l llstok Fancy and
L Staple Dry blGoods and G;rocerieh".Front st.
L DUPLEIX---Laind Agent,. . Ir)cnis street. S
AbORi EN & DRANL(IE'T'---Attorneys at Law,
I.i tl street. corner Trulau,
"ll!. CARVER-Dry 'Y(oods, Grocerl, anni
..Generil Merchanlie', Fint street. D1
0 SCHAFFRATIT-Boot and S dhoe Maker,
J S. Denits treet.
J CAPMARTIN-Goneral asaortiment of
S(ooils of all kinnl,, .hlfetrSi stae. cet
SVEUIEMAN - Undertaker, Washington C
. OETE,-Baker, Jefferaon street.
DETITJEAN, LUI~WOR TiI & CO0-1 WuoL.
work and R llacksmithing, Corner 3d and
Sibley Sts.
9 VE UIER.LN---F.milly and Plantation
P. Groceries, Waslhingto street.
T F, URKlE-O heap Family and Western _
ns Grocery D)ealer, Front street.
R P. TI!TSON--Lvery, Sale and Feed Stable,
* St. Denli Street-1.
SELKINS- Dry Goods and Groceries, Jeff
8 WINBlARGO-- neral Merch~nidize. P1 an
TO &PONS-Dry Gootds alld Grocries, Wash
t. ingtop street, a
ij :ST0E-.Draggist and ApothoCary,Front
T. IALLER-Iluck's Brilliant Stoves and
Tinware, .Wshalingtou Street.
RT BARNET--Dry Goods and Groeerie ,Front
. *s treet.
0sCtRUIN--BFillird Room andt Bar, Front
SnStreet.
T SC HIMAN-Jl. Wholesale and Retail Mer
.. chant-general assortment for the trade
oondt street.
! * corner Trnilan.
'fi~M. DST-,Boot and Shoe Maker, St. Denis
I St. Denis treet.
Professional Cards.
M a. .Dunn,
khysician and Surgeon
Monlgomery, La.
S.L CU.i·Wa.Vld, LI
ATTORNEY AT LJAl
44 Carondet Street, NEW ORLEANS, LA.
UW LL attend the June and December terms Aº
o tthe Diatriete courts at his old home
Nrtehitochem, La.
WZh3U I3M 3ao1L,
(Sacceseer to JACK & Plnesox)
Attorney and Counselor at Lawt
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
TnWILL practice in the Contts ofNatchitoches;
Sabine, DeSoto, Red River, Winn, Rapides,
d Grant, and in the Supreme Court of the
State% Cmaim promptly attended to.
Wm M. Levy,
ATTORNEY AT LAW.
(Ea Resumed the Practice of his Profession.)
. -ILL practice in the Parish and District
vt Courts of Natchitoches and Red River
ouireme Conrt of Louisiana, United States Dis
atuladCireua t Court ot Louisiana and U. S.
tof Claims at Washington.
M Oflice in the Lacoste Building (Up
Stairs.) .CE
NATCHITOCHES, LA.
::·r., ·Ygs. b1
31MoRSEI & I)RANG UI ET,
STTORINES . IN (0CUNSELORS A T
L.I I'.
Onflce on Second Street,
NATC'IITOCIIES, LA.
May 26 1-477.
('. Chap;lin. J. TI. (iniinhanl. T. I. Chaplin.
CHAPLIN, CUN4'INGHAM & CHAPLIN
Attorney/s and , Counselors at La'w. i
St. Denis St., Natclhitoclhes, La. k
LL practice in the conrtiis ot Rap
ies, rant, Wino, Sabine. DiSoto,
Reid Rive.r anl Natc(hitoches., and the
Snipreine Court of the State.
Claims promptly atte'del to in any
part of the Union. March 25--1y
JOB X IM. iOBERTSOAI",
(Late of SNew OSrlean,)
ATTORNEY & COUNSELOR AT LAW
('OLITSAIITTA.
RIEI) RIVR P.II ISI, L(O IISI.IN.I.
Will prative in Cioshitta. Natchito
(hcs. Mahticld. Many, and in every part
of North-\ est l,, Lisiina. pecial at teln
l ion given toi Land caseI~ and S (.cessions.
Jane Wlh, i 77-tf.
:Dr. W. 7B. Powe] 1
MEI)IC'INE and SUIGERY.
OFFICE on ST. ])lNIS STREI:T,
SNATCI[ITOCIIES, LA.
Calls to the Country promptly at
tended to.
R- ,fi.rs to Drs. F. .Tohnson. .T. S. Stephens. C.
' llla lin amI G;. Er. (;ilhespie. ?,l,.t--,. Inllardi
_& apbell, ('a'rv'r & Taylor, Triclhcl & Airvy
;' 1 (i. RI . E. i ntliko
April d.-ly'
Business Cards. For 1
--------------------------------
C. A. rULLAR). N. 11. CAMPBELL
ullard &* Campbell, NI
- 1)EA,:IE IN
DRY GOODS,
GROCERIES,
IIARDWARE, s
And General Merchandise. this n,
Corner FitosT & LA.FAYETTE Street, ith t
Natchitoh s, La. lorcue1.
IGIIEST cash price paid for Cetton and The M
. country produce in cash or merchaudise.
Marebh 25 -ly.
Peoter Veuleman, onsi
S-DEALER IN-- C.
- FAMJIL Y GRB OCER1ES
A full assortmen't of W.ArI,-PArrvaE con
stantly on hand.
Sonal inducements to CA.-I Customers. liROT
WASHINGTON STREET,
Natchitoches, La. LAD]
t. March 25-1y.
-----'-""--------------
SJ. C. "Trioliel,
-I)EALLR I- ool
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, HARD- I100
er' WARE, BOOTS and SHOES, HATS,
of ETC.
Highest cash price paid for Cotton and Cl
"n Country Produce. men
WASIIINCTON, ST., Cr,
NATCHIITOCIIES, LA.
-- . A
ion -dealer in
GR(
- GaOCER.IES
FoNTr STREET, Nfatc1ito('hes, La. Ii
ern _---_---- - A I
C- . . WALMIlE Y" it. MI, W ALMWISLY on
ya Ca
C. L. WALMSLEY & CO, men
COTTON FACTORS pro
Ian -AND
wt. GENERAL COMiISSION MERCHANTS.
Perdido St., New Orleans, La.
Mront March 25-ly.
and Oscar Chopin;
Front COTTON FACTOR I]
- -ANI=- f
FrontC
COMMISSION MERCHANT, t
Aer a
rade No. 65 CARONDELET ST., ha
July I-ly New Orleans. 101
trect, P'
Dis F. F. aEansell, et
(JAMES A. GRESIlAM. Manager) -
cgeon,
30......CAMP STREET......30
NEW ORLEANS, LA.
PRINTES, BOOKSELLERS (
-AN D)
eon STATIONERS,'
And publishers of the
, LOUISIANA ANNUAL REPORTS -
VOLS. 28 & 29.
All kind of LAw, MbIDICAL and SCHOOL
s, LA. Books sent by mail.
terms Address as above,
I honee aLock box 847, New Orleans.
T. T. FOSTER JR.,
WITH
Law ORR & LINDSEY,
e--.-MANUFACTURES AND JOBBERS
apde BOOTS and SHOES
ST. LOUIS, MO,
July 14-6m.
I. D. WORRALL,
eslon.) WI¶H
te i SIMMONS' HARDWARE CO.,
-IMPORTERS OF
ug (Up IaRiRH'4BE J CITTLslR r
ST. LOUIS, MO.
July 14.I-6I.
Caspari & Dietrich, T
I)iscussing
tLareosti itiling) hots' a
And the li
FRONT St., NATCIIITOCIIES, La. their t
Seems to S
G RAND opening of a NEW MAMMOTH
FALL AND WINTER STOCK, In the ha
they s
direct from the New Orleans and Easter mar. Anid ser
kets, consisting in'part of l:tl hl
While
I)RY GOODS, they
show thei
CLOTHING, undot
I.IAl'F,
BOOTS,
SI0010E, i ne *"*StC
And his ft
GROCERIES, white
CROCKERY, Yt't '
exist,
lARD- And is fec
WARE, & c, &c. his lit
LADIES AND (4l1'YVS'
I'FURNISHING GOODS. The long
In tact, spill,
. A full line of(GOODS for the country trade Unll'S it
All of which thec are' selling at less than NEW The are
ORULEANS PRICES true,
L FOR CASII. They a:1
iug t
(':ll and cxamnin ithethe 1Irgest and tmost Coml
pletestock ever bronght to this market and
satisfey yirselves as to their prices.
H 1 ighest price paid for Cotton and ceoun They've
t- try prodlce, in cashi or nerchaidise. As they
rarch 25-1y. _ horn
c M -1112-1---------------------------------- tto
-----------------CARVER They're
' itH. CAVER. You will
FRONT STREET, out i
Natchitoc!es, La.
For the FALL and WIN
TER Trade.
NEW GOODS ! In thi
New Goods!! cra'e
fi1HE ientire stock is better and more sentatit
I select than any every introduced into They a
this nuarket, and having been purchased true, ti
with CASHl, canl be sold loutru than the litical
lowestI. to the
ard The Motto of the Firm is to sell ed disp
CIIEAPER TIHAN TIlE CHEAPEST. ( ne ele
7 Call and examine our stock, which hand, e
1 consists in part of that if
CASSIMERES, had be
the res
J, EANS, eme
TWEEDS, which
,on- KERSEYS, istratic
PRINTS, Ohio,
rment,
1BROWN & BLEACHED COTTONS, apt to
LOWLLS Hurd,
LADIES' DRESS GOODS, than v
" __ TRIMMINGS, an Cd
PlLANKETS, vauta
Woolen Goods of all kinds. the fa
tried I
D- BOOTS, ten gi
LTS, SIIOES, Fr
LADIES' and GENT'S. HATS ocrati
and Clothing, a flll and Complete Assort (Sati
ment. the fi
Crockery, Hollow & Wil- cole
said I
low Ware. of tle
A filll line 'of FANCY and FAMIL1 hers,
GROCERIES, WINES, LIQUORS. &C. Ie
Books, Stationery, &c., &c. cludi
a. In fact p
- A FRESII and ,elect stock or goode always Spe
SS.Y on hIand, whiclh .aving been purchased on
a ch basis enables us to offer extra induce self
O, mentto cashbuyers.
Righest cash price paid for cotton andt other
prodllce, anti liberal advances made in cash day
merchandtlise on consignment obs
orMarch 25--lv. Ha
LNTS. - Con
aMrzs. 0C. PERYt- , in
Former Proprietress of No. 7 e
Carondelet Street disi
NEW ORLEANS, LA. kn0
HAS removed to No. 4 Baronne Street, rec
SCorner Canal. Being very thank- gre
ful for part favors bestowed by her by
T country friends, and especially those of tie
the Red River parishes, she now solicits
a continuance of their patronage, and
having better farilities and the finest p
locatcd house in the City, sihe hopes by ha
lS. proper care and attention to secure the ti'
- patroniage of her friends and the public. Ha
The low rate of $1.50 per day is charg- ide
S ed for Iloard and Lodging of
rr ) ________________ - Mc~
..ao ,A. E. temnee, ab]
.....0 "hai
NOTARY PUBLIC. th
pe
RS (Office under Vindicator Offce,) en
ST. DENIS STREET, TI
NATCHITOCHESI, LA. d
April 29.
O. Slafnfath1 ,
ScuooL Boot and Shoe Maker. m
CHALLENGES the world for neatness i
rlens and dunrability of work. Satisfacti'"s
and material guaranteed
Shop an St. Denis St. n
JOSEPH C KEYSER,
IERS- Brickmaker and Layer. 1
,S TS PREPARED to do all work entrusted
I to him quickly and in a workmanlike
manner. Tomb, Chimneys, Cisterns and
other work solicited.
Orders left at BULLARD & CAMP
BELL'S will be promptly attended to.
Jan. 27, 1y, a
E CO, THE GRAND RAFFLE t
for the Picture "NATCI'IlOCHE," wil
take place on f
Sr Saturday, Novtember i0tA, 18,% r
The ticket holders mlay select the time I
and place.
Oct. 13-4t.
Loafiug Around. nf
-- Cc
They are sitting around upon barrels and 1n
chairs, 1
I)iscussinr their own and their neigh- !.
Ihotrs' attairs' in
Anti lth look of content that is sen, on
their face, cC
Seems to say, I have found niyh appro- el
plriate plae, i
Sitting arouund. ic
t,
In the bar-roomts and groceries calmly gl
thety sit, s8
And serenely chew borrowed tobacco p1
anui spit, p
lYhile the sttries they tell and the jokes
they crack
Show their hearts have grown hard and
undoubtedly black.
While sitting around.
11no "sitter io'mlnt l" is ia unit no "means,
And his face woultl pass for a quart of I
white hbeans,
Yet he somehow or othl(r contrives to it
exist,
And is frequently seen with his dlrink in
his list
While sitting around. ,
The loligers thlty toil not nor yet do thtey
spin,
Unless it he yarns while einjoying their
gV ill :
They are Ipeople of leisure, yet oftin, 't is
true,
They alude to the work they're intend
iug to do
n While sitting around.
n They've a habit of talking of other lien's
wives,
As they whittle up sticks with their
horn-handled kniives,
They're a scaly olt set, and wherever
you go,
You will find then in groups, or strung
out in a row
Sitting t:rounnd.
-San Jos. Mercirngy.
r __ _
oUR WASHING(TON LETTER. of welco
WAsct1hTroN, D. C., Oct. 13, 1877. Stateh
lira hals
In the enthusiasm last night at the sion to
celebration here of the great Demo- imp lllicat
cratic victory in Ohio, several Repre- frauds.
sentatives from that State spoke.
They all said, which is undoubtedly James
true, that whatever local or non-po- lately re
litical questions may have entered in Unioii 1
to the canvass, there was an undoubt- near W
ed disposition among t'he people to his pert
condemln Ilayes, and the manner of Black
his elevation to office. On the other ing lan:
hand, Mr. Hayes is said to believe ~f Ind.
that if the endorsement of his policy tia get
had been strong and more definite, the dea
the result would have been different. lioweve
Remembering that Maine and Iowa ably no
which refused to endorse the Adllin- his seat
istration went Republican, while
Ohio, which gave him an endorse- Tie
ment, went Democratic, we shall be sented
apt to agree with Messrs. Banning, in his i
Hurd, Sayler and Thompson, rather will be
than with Mr. IIayes. The result is en iten
an emphatic condemnation of the War I
fiand of which lanves received the ad- Navy I
vantage, and is all the greater from Court a
the fact that lie has in some respects Post-O
tried to make a good use of his ill got- Treas"
ten gains. Deparl
From appearances to-day, the Dem- Librar
S ocratic caucus, to be held to-morrow
t (Saturday) night, the nomination of
Randall tor Speaker will be made on The
the first ballot. His election is now approl
conceeded by all. the As
A member of the Cabinet has lately in add
said that many of the Bureau ofilcers lowin
of the Treasury-Auditors, Comptrol- will b
L lers, &c., would soon be removed, datio,
and their places filled by Southern For ri
men. Ruiors of other changes, in- Foits
eluding several in the Interior Dc- Perms
partment, are afloat.
Speaking of the Interior Depart- T
ment, the Commissioner of Pensionserio
has just made a decision, not, in it
self important, but indicating con
siderable stamina on his part in these
ash days when Conits and Governors are Ad
obsequious to military authorities. rt'o
Having freely criticised other acts of its.
- Commissioner Bentley, I take pleasure Paso
,in giving tihe particulars of this. and
SYears ago Genl. Scott procured the cOun
establishment here of a refuge for and I
disabled soldiers of the regular army, Jn
known as the "Soldiers Home." It Card
-eet, received an appropriation from Con- spce
ask- gress, but has since been supported Yles1
her by a tax upon the enlisted men in dis
o of the military service and by other the I
iots means clearly defined by law. The perl
nest place is just outside of this city. It of i
Sby has been made beautiful and attrac- is al
the tive, and is the summer home of Mr. tute
blic. Hayes, as it sometimes was of Pres- be I
iarg- ident Lincoln. It is the pet and pride whi
of the Army officers stationed here. ed i
- Most of its legitimate inmates-dis- Lie,
abled soldiers-are pensioners, and it a 4
has been the custom of the Home an- con
thorities to receive and retain the pre
pensions to which the veterans were out
ice,) entitled. From the hundred of in- '
mates this income was very large. firl
The Commissioner of Pensions has to
decided that this money shall no Ion- en
ger be paid to the Home, but to the to I
- pensioners. The influence which
would have prevented such a decision
--which have long kept other Com
!r. missioners from making it-ate ex
actly such as it is hardest for a civil
nes" ian to withstand. So much in justice HIT
to an official, many of whose acts can
Snot be so warmly commended. th
Tile victory of Genl, Miles over the
- Nlez Perces, leading to their capture,
Sis not only important in itself but
will have probably a happy effect on t
other Ihostiles. The friends of Genl. El
. Howard will be pleased to know that, on
although on the ground soon after the
rusted slrrender, hlie was not at thle fight and
nlike at no time in danger.
Sand Some of the citisens we acquired
AMP- by the Mexican war are making trol- w
to. ble in Texas. They are an ignorant L
and lawless lot, and it is wonderful
- that they have not before this created
disturbances. The lire on the line- I
E the Rio Grande-between us and il
" will MAeco, and though comparatively t
few in numbers they are an element ti
7% of danger inansmudich as the people of
e time the Mexican side, equally Ignorant
and equally lawless may at any time
crossm tiheo river and take part in tihe
aflair. II s911he cas tlihey woull of ber 0
coiurse he driven back, or wonild go t he
back of their own will wilth whatever Carol
pIlunder they had secured. They revy i
would he pursued and out of these in th
incursions of the people of either Presi
country upon t the trritory of the othi- subi
er, the mollst serious troubles may coay n
grow. Ncither this country nor Mlex- repol
ico is in condition for war, and it is and I
to be earnestly hoped that Con- fees
giess will provide as soon as possihle ineiit
some means not only of (llelling direC
present disturhanees, but of securing to th
pcI manent quiet on the border. pens
ALlION. is p
- - agiei
FlROM EVERYWHERE. At
-i--'" , 1 hour1,
D11u(111 $ ) ll'!p I1i9r ..... t ion
Indianapolis from Richmond Intl. fr
stood tihe fatigue of the journey re- deni
mnarkably well, and his condition has State
improvcd. term
T'i Missis.sippi Riverltnprovement Thn
Comnlpany at St. Paul Minn., was at- the
tended by a large and influential body 1
of delegates fromt the cities on the Com
river ft oin New (hrleans to St. P'aul.
'Their act ion was harmoniouns, and ait to ti
Sis asked [Fromn the general government Sian
foir the improvemenllt il nav\'igation of n
the Mississippi.L that
Senator David Davis of ll11inis vo- Tirh
ted for the I)ecmoerats on the question mei
of Slptl'ords credentials. tiab
itIe
's Randall of Pennsylvania was elect- vies
ed Speaker of the IIonse, U. S. Con- whi
ir gress; John Thompson of Ohio Ser- mol
geant-at-Artus, Polk of Mo., l)oor wýa
,r Keeper, Adams of Ky., Clerk, and S
,, Stewart of Va., Post Master. 'Ti
Vice-President Hendricks received clha
a rousing reception at the Washing- am
ton Club, Indmianoiolis Ind. Ilon. tioi
George W. Julian made the address Lol
of welcome. tiol
State Senator Nash of South Caro- to
liuna has resigned aid made a confes- co
lie sion to the investigating Committee tia
implicating others in the Legislative hiii
e. frauds. to
ly James Berry, one of the men who ge:
o- lately robbed an express car on the col
in Union Pacific Railroad, was captured th:
t- near Williamsburg Mo lie had on at
to his pierou $2,S00 in currency.
of Blackburn of Ky., used the follow
ing language with regard to Morton
ve of Ind. 'il am too much of a chris
icy tiani gentlemen, to wish or pray for c
it, the death of Senator Morton. God, re
ut. however in his providence, may prob- re
"'a ably not permit hinm to again occupy St
n- is seat in the United States Senate. cc
se- The estimates which will be pro- b
be sented to Congress by the President ti
ing, in his message to the called session it
her will be included in the following sev- ti
is eni itetls: ni
the War )epartment.........$32,436,765 a
ad- Navy D)epar'tment........ ',1t)3,351 h
oin1 Court of Claims.......... 1,106,454 to
acts Post-Office )Department.... 700,009 e
got- Treasury Department.... 173,801
)epartment of Justice.... 262,535 d
em. Library of Congress...... 22,S00 a
;I of Total.......... ........ 36,906,307 I
on The message will recommend the t
now appropriation of money to provide for c
the several items named above ; and C
tely in addition to the foregoing the fil
cers lowing estimates for the pIresient year I
trol- will be submitted without recomnien
ved, dation :
len For rivers and harbors..$l 13,200,100
in Forts and fortificaotons..- 2,7,078,000
Dc- Permanent aplpropriations. 1,031,454
part- Total.....---- ....--- $,219,554
oit Serious Condition of Affairs on the Rio
.on- Grande Border.
Advices from El Paso show a most gre"
serious and threatening state of af
fairs. The entire lower portion of El A
Paso County is in possession of a mob lier
and the Americans throughout the fort
country have abandoned their homes T
and tied to El Paso for safety. ted
Jndge Howard, who killed Louis ,
Cardis at El Paso on the 10th instant, Am
succeeded in making his escape to los,
Messilla, where he still remains. Car
dtis is said to have been the leader of '
the mob, who are all the more des- gli
perato and threatening in consequence
of his death. The Sheriff of El Paso
is also at Messilla, but refuses to te
turn with Howard, as the latter would tii
be killed immediately by the mob, e
t while the Sheriff himself will be kill- ted
ed it hio dares return without Howard.
Lieutenant Paine, who is in charge of
a detachment of troops, says four
companies will be required to sup- Ti
e press the mob. A large number of Ru
e outlaws are encamped near the coua
ty- seat. They declare that they will
fight the troops if the latter attempt
19 to make an arrest. Judge Baker is
- en ro':e from Fort Davis with troops th
to restore order. fo
Washington.
The Presidents Message merely rec T
, ommends an appropriation for the ar- vi
Smy. l's as weak as dish water.
' Beck of Ky., introduced a bill an- hi
thorizing the payment of 50 per cent o1
e of Custom duties in legal tender notes.
lt Spffords' credentials were refeired b
on to the Committee of Privileges and
l. Elections. Quite lengthy discussion 1
it, on all the points.
h Harlan of Ky., nominated for the
Supreme Bench.
ed The name of Jack Wharton of La.,
n- was handed in for U. S. Marshal for
art Louisiana;
ted The vote on referring Spoffords'
e credentials to the Committee on Priv
md ileges and Elections, stood, 36 for to
ely 33 against. Judge David Davis vo
ent ting with the Demlocrats&
of CongressionalI
,ant
lme Wasitngtonn Oct, 10,-In the sen
the ate during the morning hour, a fttm
her of bills were inlrtºtiduccd, amnli' corre
then olne 'by Mr. 1errimoni, of No th dulgi
Carolina, to amend secti n I 1 of the eia.
'revitid statutes relating to v'acancies legisl
in tlhe oflices of President and Vice- the
President. Mr. Murrill, of Vermont, will i
submnitted a resolition instraetintg the live
colmmittee on pensions to ininiiiie anid tlhie
nreport bly ill or oth'Iwrist; reduciiini gross
and propeirly adjusting salahieis anll
fees eof' pension agents. A-l amend
nent was submitted byI M'. Ingallk
directing the committee to inquirle in-i Tihe
to the expl 'diencv cf abiilishiing all ~ul
pension agencies and having 1,'niou- r;t
cis paid from Washinlgton, which was
agled to and the resolution passed.
At the 'xliation of the ilmorninillg Pit
hour the Sten!te  'sutlneld considera rei
lion of the resolltionll s bllnitted v i.....
COlllu iltte on pri'ivi'leges and electliolls regal
from further consil'll tion oln the ere- John
dentials of J. P. Eustis as I nited "ad
States senator fromn lrisiiani: , for the I .nll
term commencing hMarch 4, 1873. Mr i \IcC
'T'llurinl sipoke at length in favor of eixn
the claiims of Mri. 1Estis. are
W\ashington, Oct. 19.-The senate life
collllittee on 11 privileges an election and
met to day and Iunaninnsly agre¬(d beet
to take il and report tton the Loi- bald
siana senatorial questions without UI
any unnecessary delay, and ordered peal
that Sptiiid and Kellogg he notitied. wa1s
The comm1ittee t\\ill formally corn- vel
tience eximiuation of their crcden. adel
tials next Monday. 'They will he in- .jr~yl
vited to attend and express their the
views as to the scol'e of investig'ati on ip I
which they respectively desire. The furs
motion was ofifered by Mr. H1oar and rang
was ualiniolsly adlopted, Adj
Senate- After a long debate Mr. Hu' t
Thurnman withdrew his motion to his- the
I charge the committee on pritileges
- and elections from fither consitlela
I tion of the credentials of Mr. Eustis of
s Louisiana. lie disclaimed any inten
tion of rellecting on the comnlitte of t
privileges and elections by his mionlini
to have them discharged lfrom fult ' ther
consideration of Mr. Enstis' creden- tiia
Stials. Several senators had requested I
1 hitn not to press this matter to a vote tle
to-day, and besides it had been mug- of
1o gested by one or two members of the
ie committee on privileges and elections F
td that a report in the case will be made
)n at an early day, in view of which ihe ie
would withdraw his motiou to disw
chargo the committee. he
New Orleans, Oct. 19.-Ex-Gover- ,1
i not Pinchback has written a letter to At
HIon. John Mitchell, chairman of the w
committee on privileges and elections ill
b- renewing his claims to the senator- .i
ship. Referring to the statement of
Senator Thurman that there was no ,
contest in the case of Eustis, l'inch- t
re- back says: "I wonld call your atten- to
;,t tion to my credeatials of January 13th t,
on I875, which were duly presented to
- tilhe senate read, referred to the colnl
mittee on privileges and elections, t
X(5 and which has never been acted on e
b51 by said committee. I called Mr. Mor- it
154 ton's attention to the matter in the I1
1)9 early part of last session and ihe pro- n
01 anisetd to investigate it. These ere- I
3:15 dentials present as valhi a claiim to aa
600 seat in the senate of the United States d
- as those presented by either Mr. Kel- t
307 logg or Eustis, and I beg, respectfully 11
the to submit that they should receive the I
for careful consideration of the committee t
and on privileges and elections."
ol- Elanm and Robinson of Louisiana I
ear bo:hl seated.
EiiEropealh
Ti' election ill France passed oWff
quietly, notwithstanding tile expects-Lt h
tions of trouble. The result is a vic- Te
tory for tile Republica,,s. They elect
325 members and the Conservatives
1i 1.9 1
The failure of the Ritter Schoftlichle cerio.
Bank, Stithen Germany, has caused litieil
great depression. pla
An explosion took place in tile calI- state
liery at Pemberton England, in which that.
forty persons perished. or
The famine in North India hlas aba- 18S0,
ted greatly.' (e0nu
The Spanish g1verrnment has paid that
Ameriecans $570,000, on account of w'ol
losses through the revolution in Cuba an i 1
tavol
f The famine in India cost the En- Nort
- glish government £15,000)100)0. tle
The hurricane thliv visited Curacoa
0West Indies, lately was very disnsi c-el
d trous. house, fortificationS, ships &c (f AI
were destroyed. The loss is estima- sice
ted at half million dollars. key
1a. The War. sf
of -- 111111
Ir Mnlkhtar Pashia's army in Asiatic tu:i
I- Turkey was lately anbuscadcd by the w\ill
of Russian forces. "'
A Tnrkish three masted monior
was blown up by Russian torpedoes. lini
is It is estimiated that the armies of of 1
p the Russianu andl Turks ope:ratiing hNlOe
fore Plevna number the same-200,- "la
000, each. rel
The Roumanians state that the CII
C- Turks in Plevna are destitute of pro h,
r- visions, clothing and amunitiou. ci
The IRussian Imperial Guard are
Iu- before Plevna antd 103 fresh batallions
ent of troops are being formed. I e
.es. Preparations for a winter campaign no
red by the Russians continue. Vast stores id
Id of corn andi4orage is being laid in de- pe
n pots along the line and ronads, an(d tIre
Railroad from Fratesli to Simuitza is
progressing rapidly. A
te Mnklltar Pasha's defeat is very se
rions and puts the Russians at a strong ,
an., advantage. ri
for ---------
The November Elections. i
rs' n
riv- Washington, Oct. 13.-Republican a
to Congressmen from New York, Penn- c
vo. sylvania and Wiscousin speak very
discouragingly of the political pros- (
pects in their States, nuid predict tlHat
tihe precedent set by Ohio will lie fol
lowed at tile November election by
-each of thliiue Th. Democrats are
corresipond4n-lyv holuful, and are in
dulging in a good deal of braggado
cin. They claim that a Ifejnocrat ic
lehislature will be obtained in eachl of
the three States mentioned, which
will insure, with Ohio and California.
live new )Demnocratic senators from
the Northern States for the next Col='
gr'ss.--Ch icago Intler-Ocean.l
THE PITT'SBUI(tG RliO.
The GrIand Jur'y Investigating thi
aubject, and Will Make Gov. Hart
ranft 'e:41fry.
[St. I,wis Rlepublican.j
Pit tshig, O)ct. 12.-The grand jury
resumed the consideration of the sub
regard to the nnitter; The }lill:
John Scott, ex-United States Senator
and solicitor for tihe Peinnsy lvania
coilny:lv, Colooer Thomas and Mayoi
NMcCarthi v were the only witnesses
Se.xauminedl to-day'. The facts elicited
are witlhheld front the public, Sheriff)
Fife, Gen. Pelurson, Gen. Joe Browit
and Chief of Police )lentimel haIv
been sulbp ,naed and will testify pro
. bahly to-llorrow.
ti Gen. ihriiton did not put in an all
; peariance betfire the grand jury, as
" was expected. It was I epolrted this
eve nins;. that he lhaid retturncd to Phil
adelphia. This afternoonl the grand
.Ijury made a special presentinent td
SI the cot, setting ftith that certfiit
n lersons lho were subpolnaed in deld
Sformi of law, namely, John I. lart
d ranft, ,vernCor of P'enInsylvaula
Adjutant General Latta, Gun. R. Mc,
lluler and Major A. W. Norris, to
testitfy', have not appeared, although
they had sullicient notice; that the
tjury are infoi uled that Gen. Brinton
of was ill Pittsburg and was in corres
1 pondence with Attorney General Lat
nf ta, fhotn whoml it is said lihe received
n ia legal opinion, which led hi to re
r trn honme; that thley also learned
! that Gov. llartranft had been induced
l I to disobey the snLpiea by the same
opinion. The grand july ask that
these persons may be adjudged guilty
of contempt, antd that tile compulso
e ry processes to compel them to ap
ile IeC' and testify, may issue.
di Judge Kirklpatrick said that whild
lie did uot know of anything that
s ould excuse any one from testifying)
lie could not give his decision until
Er- an opportunity had been granted the
to Attorney General to be heard. Hd
le will be here on Monday, when the
"H matter embraced in tlhe prest;ntnenti
or- will be considered and nd determined.
of Public sentiment here is very
no strongly in favor of compelling the
cli Governor and the others mentioned
cn' to appear before the grand jury and
3t0 tell all they know about the cases
to The Governor's objection is that he
'"' would be compelled to disclose Stats
us, secrets, which is considered a lama6
ol excuse. The principal object in view
[or- in suhlnaing tile Govel nor is to havys
the him throw sonime light on the procla
mr- niation calling out the State troops:
ere- lie was in the far West at the time,
to a and it is strongly suspected that th6
tecs document was promulgated by or
el- through the instraumentality of Presi
ully deut Scott, of the Pennsyloania Rail'
the toad, and was therefore without anu=
ttec thorlty of law. Thile Governor can of
course settle the qtuestion 'the deter
itna minitation of whielh has an liportant
hearing on the liability of the county
for datlnages.,
BLAINE.
The Programme of the Man froed
Maine.
[Chicago Timles:!
Washington, Oct 14 -As there is mnncl'
curiosity in regard to Mr. lllaine's po
litical progralnhc, it may be well to ex
plain exactly what course, he proposes to
take in the iilmediate future. It was
stated in these dispathes, some time agoj
that. Mr. Blaine had anuounced to mnd
or two lpersenal friends that he had ni)
idea of being a presidential candidate iii
18O, because he saw clearly that the
Democrats were destined to sweep the
country in that election. He believed
that they would elect a President whmo
would snccum'b to the Southern demands,
gland thus ;eane a trelntelnloli reaction in
favor of the Republican party in.the
North and W\est. lie looks forward;
therefore, for a restoration of the Re
ublican1 party to power in 1884, and
intenls, if possible, to be the lIepulilican
candidate at that time. The ititentionA
C of Mr. Blaine are contirnud by his friends
since his retlrn here, and fruish the
key to his political course. In the imn
mediate future, it is stated that he will,
as far as possible, ignore the present ad,
ministration. lie will not seek any
c quarrels with' President Ilayes, neither
eI will he attempt to ally himself in any
way with the administrntion. lie be=
lieves it destined to be a failure in all
Spartian respects lie intends to devote
himself niore than he has ever dmne be=
of thor, to legislation ,afictilng the interests
of the North and East, and especially
Ne'w England and, in pursuance of this
, plhan, he is expected to lie the special
representative, in the Senate, of the
claimants for the remainder of the Ala -
Lbanal award, which is a very important
measure for interests in Maine, Massa
chusetts and New York city. Hle will.
also he the champion of other important
,re :easures afticting that section, which
he thinks will tend to strengthen himnt a
a candidate for the Presidency. It is
understood that Mr. Blaine has prepar'
ed a speech on the Alaharnlt claimns quncs
als tion, which hie will deliver at the pro
te- per time.
William Stevens, of Clay canntyt
Ala., has squatted on a mouuthii
se- tract and built himself a log cabin;
ong where he resides conteitedlY' with his
rifle, wife, eight kids and onu hundred
goats. The goats are hardy antd pro
lific ; he hlloots theni when he wants
meat or leather for shoes ; has their
ican milk for milk, butter and cheese; ex
fnn- changes kid's flesh for meal with 4
eery miller at the foot of the niotltttaln,
ros- and sells his surplus animals yemrly'
that for clothing, hats, etc., and claiatt thiat
fol- lie is thet best fed, best othCthed, best
by shod andt best Itiuntortd man in thq
are couutry,