VEO, E. (iILIESP'IE, . Editor.
NATCIIIT( OCII ES
SATVI U)AY - - - April 8, 1;o.
Advertising Ibates.
3 .sqIa:' ... I ) 00 I13 f~ I P 1110 '0 311 01
4 square'... 14 1H I ?Ib ' f'i ((I :jn III' '1. ('0
5 sn .. 17it.I (10 '$13 I 3 5 (III 5 4:1O 00
7 squars"... 21 21 0I, : nIo n 45t n(
7 sq lr,.... 2'11' 27 0 I 3f III 51) 00 711 (Hl
Sslquares... 20II :0iu I 40 (0 Fi3 00 ýI 411
I) square3... 30 33 0( 59 00 57 00 1(5 III
i. sqltnars... 45301) II 74) 11010 i 0Il ?2115 (Ill
11 sqlaores... 6 lI ( 0 9) 1 111$12 i , 51 Isl )
Tranainr t advertisemlruts 81.51l jo r sqgnr' of
In linjs' Ilrevier. first insrtio,n. Each nibse
qutnt innsrtiln 7\ S cents per squllare.
All clhanges in :ladvrtisenllI'lts to be
chnarged as if new.
Transient adlvertisements mlst be paIid
for in nalvance.
All hills with regnl:lr aul'vertisers ren
dcredl qgnarterly.
One inch of nolid brevier constitntes a
e;i nare.
Mlrri:~ge 8a411 olitu.ary Inotices heyonll
the siniple :Illnnonemcll'lt', resolutions or
nrtls of thanks, charged as advertise
mnents.
RIltes of Snublsription.
fOne Copy one year....................5..e00
One Copy ix nmIntlh......................I 00
(Payable in adtvntee.)
AGENTS FOR TIlE VItDICAlTOR
Rowell & C'hrnman. St., Louis.
fit. Ionla P'ttblishing Co.,
G. P. ,we'll &I (',. New York.
S. .M. P'ettengtill & Co.
W. B. Shal'p & Co
Thor., Mi'nlltyre. "* Now Otleans.
!"r '.l persns ,dhirintI to Adveriti.t with un
in tho.s, titi.sa, M(''rST apply to our Agents.
Circlationm arger tlhan any pa.
per in Ihe Statce out.xide of Newt Or.
lean or hlrereport.
9TIS PAPER 1 ON FILE WITH
Whee AdvertllI Coutraet can be mae.
,. "V. V. SHARP & (C0.,
PUBLISIIERS' AGENTS,
'T. 25 Park,Pow, .e York,
Are authorized to contract for ad
vertising in our pnper.
CO0M1UNICATtIOS.- We have this
to say in regard to cominiunications
from our friends who may take an
interest in public aflfirs ; we will al
ways publish their views when hand
ed to us by responsible parties,
whether we concur in their opinions
or not. The views of the Vindit'ator
will be found in the editorial columns,
and when given to the public in such
mannel, will always be found correct
as to truth and fact. We will, how
ever, not be accountable for anythTlig
written by correspondents.
We received one day last week
through the mail, a copy of the New
Orleans WeeLTy Iudqget, containing a
full description of the New OrlePns
Carnival ; also, an engraving of the
Grand Tableaux of the Mistic Krewe
of Comas, together with a detailed
description of the'figuies represented.
It well repaid us for its perusal, and
it would be a good idea for the young
ladies and gentlemen of this place to
make up a club and send for it. The
copy containing the Tableaux repre
senting Sacred History from the com
mencement to the destruction of
Jerusalem by Titus, can be obtai.ned
by sending ten cents to the New Or
leans Weekly Budget.
Our regular Tuesday packet BART
ABLE came through Cane river to this
place with a pretty good up freight.
To have such a boat in the trade, the
r.erchalints mist patronize her.
Thanks to her polite clerk, G. C.
Hamilton, for late New Orleans pa
pera.
We had the honor of a call this
week from our friend, Mr. G. N.
Hall, representing the well known
Wholesale Whiskey House of
Messrs. Davis and Head, 297
Main Street, Louisville, Kentucky.
This House sells whiskies of the
finest and purest distillation, made
only by the old or so MxASH
process. Any of our merchants
wanting anything in their line,
would do well to give them a call
see their card published in our
paper to-day.
The first person who really ex
perienced the simon pure article
of "true inwardness," must cer
tainly have been the old gentle
man we read of in Sacred History
-Jonas.
A curious incident is related with
regard to the five pieces of gold giv
en to the weaver's wife, by Napoleon
Ill, after his interview with Blsmarck,
at Donchery. When he left the house
he handed them to the woman, and
after inspection, it was found out that
none of them were alke. There was
one of Napoleon I., one of Louis
XVIII, one of Charles X., one of
Lois Phillippe, and one of Napoleon
III. The last ive reigns. The
Wlearer's wife lhas often been offered
thrice their value in exchange, but
hetr invariable answer has always
been, "T'Qhey are not f!!r sale," andl
she keeps themn in a nice little frame,
a sourelmr, no money can purehase.
In the late eletion ln the State of
Connecticut, it is thought the Demo
crats were saecessful, gaining at least
three mnembers of the Haouac,
False Issues.
When so much depends on our suc
cess in the coming election, it is not
wise or safe to be wrangling among
ourselves about outside issues. It is
true, we need IRailronds, and willing
to go to any length to get them, but
we ran r.fford to leave this question
in abeyance for the time being, and
turn our attention to more important
works. These questions have noth
ing to do with the election, or the
Retu ning Board ;. and is it possible
that we are going to allow the op
posite party the satisfaction of seeing
us divided on fldse issues, when so
ntuch depends upon our union and
harnmonions action ? It is not difti
cult to estrange men, and give thenr
camle to turn from you, but it is very
diflicult to lring them back, uand make
them act in concert with you, at the
moment when their services are re
quired. If there ever was a time,
whien the people of Louisiana should
present an unblroken front and solid
ranks, it is in this contest; and noth
ing should be permitted to creep in
and disunite us. l'his is certainly
not the time, nor the occasion for us
to he arousing and exciting those bit
ter feelings, which are not easily sub
duned, or forgotten. Of course, it will
be the aim of the Radical party to
foster, and keepl alive all of those ex
traneous causes of difierences, and
the more we exhibit them, the more
will they be pleased ; for it necessa
rily calls offattention from their acts,
andt sliort-coniings.
Will our people never learn wis
donm by the lights of dearly bought
experience 3 Ilete now, in the begin
ning of the Presidential and State
elections, we have our friends wrang
ling among themselves about this
railroad, or that act of the Legisla
ture ; what this man has done, or that
man has not done ; which- is all very
wrong, and decidedly suicidal. Let
us turn away from all this; let the
past be remembered only as a guide
for our acts in the future; come to
the point, determined to bend all our
energies for one thing, and one thing
only, the acconmplishment of which is
not beyond certain success; for we
can win this election, if we will only
take a firm resolution to do it, and
nothing should be countenanced that
in any manner weakens our forces.
We can take our leisure to discuss
other questions in controversy, but
in this election, we have no such
margin of time, and not a moment to
spare. This cannot be postponed or
mistakes corrected, but it must go for
or against us, according to the way
we conduct ourselves, and if we fail,
we will only have the consolation of
reproaching our own blindness and
bad manageluent.
When any person takes upon him
self to play a new role in life, and un
dertakes tasks with which he is un
acquaninted, he will necessarily make
mistakes, and altlhough perfectly hlon
est iu his intentions, inay appear to
those who do not thornoughly under
stand him, as rather beyond the pale
of propriety, and doing those things
which are not considered wise, hlon
est, or politic. But for this, is lie to
be absnaed by his friends, and charg
ed with outrageous condnctt Whlena,
if it was possible for him to explain,
all cause for criticism would vanish,
and there would onl3 be remaining
those hasty words, writteu in passion,
which alas! cannot be destroyed.
Therefore every one should be care
fuil how lie assails thie good name of
his former friend, particularly at this
time.
We cannot ncarry on this election
with some of our people, cold, indif
ferent and apathetic, and no enthu
siasm can hie produced, when men
have been guilty of those serious dis
agreements, which time alone can
heal. It is much better tor us to leave
all questions of local interest, until af
ter the smnoke of the political battle
of 1876 has cleared away, and men's
minds have become more attuned to
facts and figures, than they are now,
or will be during this very serious
contest.
We cannot, we must not permit
False Issues to divide us, when we
have so much to cement us, that calls
forth all tile energies our natures are
capable of.
Men cannot act harmoniously in a
common cause, who have recently
been engaged in bitter criminations
and recriminations with one another.
They may put on the show, the outer
semblance of enthusiasm, but tlhe
heart wilt be cold within, and there
will linger within their breasts, those
bitter feelings, that it is impossible
to control. How much better then,
is it that all this violent discuession
should be dropped, and all parties
turn with renewed hope to the great
political contest, in whichr we will all
soon be so deeply engaged.
We are making up a club for the
DEMOcRAT, and those desirous of
having one of the best campaign pr
pers in tie South, will please hand
in their names Inuuediately. This
paper is a weekly Democratic paper,
published in New Orleans, and edited
by Maj. H. J. Hearaey, formerly of
tihe Shreveport T3i.e
John Morton, son of Senator
Morton, has been allowed a salary
of $20,000 per annum, by the
Alaska Complny. What for
Convent Sacred Heart.
This magnificent and imposing
building, was erected in this place in
the years 1857 and 1858, It stands
on a beautiful eminence at the South
ern end of the city, and has been for
years the particular pride'nd admni
ration, of not only the Catholics, but
the entire community. The ladies of
the order have taken great pains to
imlprove and beautify the trees, shrub
ery, flowers, walks and everything
belonging to them, or in any manner
appertaining thereto. For years, most
of the young ladies of this, and the
surrounding parishes, found a pleas
ant and christian retreat td persue
their studies, and learn all those en
nobling traits, that tend so much to
add fresh charms to maturer woman
hood. It was there they learned the
soul inspiring attributes of practical
religion, and formed pleasing and
mutual friendshlip, both, with pupils
and teachers, that have only grown
the warmer as time advances. Few
would leave those hallowed precincts
without a tear to departing joys, and
the severance of those lies which had
been engendered there, and as one
by one, they would approach their
teachers to receive their blessing, the
warm, young heart would overflow
with unrestrained and nnrestrainable
tears; a sadness fallin poessessioeof
them, little thought of, rap to the mo
ment of parting. Year by year, this
pleasant meeting and painful parting,
would take place, until we had all
coine to look upon the institution as
a fixed fact, and a joy forever.
So many of our young ladies had
participated in these delightful hours,
and regretful moments; so nlany of
them had formed so endearing friend
ship there; and time pressing on, and
they, like every one else, fullilling
their peculiar destiny, had become
mothers, with daughters growing up
around them, it was peculiarly
interesting for them to contemplate
the day when they would hbe able to
accompany their diaughiters to their
former alma mater, anti there en
trust them to the tender care and
loving kindness of those irreproaclia
ble beings who had renounced the
world with its vanities and its deceits,
and given themselves to God and his
holy work. In memory's fond recol
lections they could live over the hap
py hours spent there, and with that
trust and confidence, only known to
the christian mother. how unreserv
edly could they give their daughters
into the hands of those whom they
had known from childhood's earliest
and tenderest years, and of whom
naught could be said, but in praise.
For years the Convent had been the
rallying point, at which all the young
ladies of the surrounding counntry
could mleet, and renew those plighted
vows of early friendshllip, and tell of
tile wonderful things thlat had trans
pired during their short sojourn "in
the wolId," as the teachers were wont
to call those months of vacation,
spent at home, or with kind firiends.
How was it possible for us to contemn
plate the breaking up of all tlhese
pleasantassociations, anld thle tearing
down, and utter destruction of suchl
idols. Time had interwoven and in
terlaced so many tendrils of affec
tions, clustering in and aronund this
sacred edifice, that it was too painful
to a great number to think of any
think like its breaking up and disso
lotion. The cross had been planted
there, and oft the friends of this In
stitution, would say to tile inmates,
"In this sign shalt thou conquer,"
but continually tile cry would colme
forth, "We must succumb, our pover
ty is dragging us down to financial
ruin, and we must close." For years
this solemn warning was given out,
until finally, few thought of it seri
ously, and those noble Ladies con
tinued to stitnggle on, hoping agaiust
hope, whien at last, every resource
fmiling,them, tile final and fatal order
was given, and thie Convent of the
Sacred Heart lowered the emblem of
their authority, and began ithe dis
habiliment of the loved and honored
Institution ; one by3 one, the cherished
pictures were parted with, alters torn
down, statnes and paintings removed
by some expressing an affection for
this or that memento ; beds, bedding,
chairs, pialnos, philosophical, geogra
phical, chemical and scientific appa
ratuses, all, all gone; until there was
a loneliness pervading the building,
painfuil to contemplate, and regret
ted to know. Their emblemn was
lowered, and thile last remaining one
of the corps of able teachers, took
their leave to other fields of useful
ness, and left us; we hope tile time
may not be long before they will re
turn to renew pleasant recollections.
Sad indeed was the work of dis
mantling such a noble and sacred
Institution, but the iconoclastic task
had to be performed, and the sound
of the bells, that were wont to call
to prarers, will no longer reverber
ate through the balls, the Angelu
Domini Nuaffticit Mariae, has been
hushed, and in its place is heard the
tattoo and reveille of the soldiers of
our country, and in place of the cross,
there waves over the Institution the
Stars and Stripes, the emblem of our
common Union, and mighty natione.
- i -. O ----.-
The late cold weather did not kill
all of the peaches in our orchards.
17 Get your printing dotte at
the VIDnwJCAT .In Jb Offie,
New Orleans Pacific Railway.
It may be said that we, who are so
deeply interested in having the rail
way within or near the limits of the
town, are not in a position to judge
fstirly and impartially of the true in
terests of the road. aYet, notwith
standing, we propose to suggest to the
Directory, what we thinlk and be
lieve to be their best policy.
They are now struggling energeti
cally to bu1)1il this road from Alexan
dria to Mansfield, and thence to
Shreveport, or Marshall, as the case
may be ; it is most unfortunate that
this very necessary work, is not
meeting the financial support that is
requisite for imme'liate success. Un
der such clremistances, it behooves
the Directory not to refuse substan
tial aid, when it is offsired, and can
be obtained without injury to the
road or any known interest. The
city of Natchitoches proposes to give
whatever may be in her power to
give; say two, or two hnuudtred and
tifty tho,usand dollars, in lBond.; and
her citizens twenty-five or thirty
thousand dollars, in cash, subscrip
tion to the Caiital Stock ; provided,
however, the rond will pass within
the corporate limits of the town.
The very able and' accomplished
Engineer of the road, Maj. Green,
has nmade a report to the Directors,
recommending the adoption of anoth
er line ten miles South of this town,
which, it is claimed, will save about
tro m'iles in distance from Alexan
dria to Mansfiehld Now we contend,
without at all presuming to have any
knowledge whatsoever of the financial
aftlirs of the Company, that the aid
which can be obtained here, provided,
always, that tihe road is to touch this
phlee may be of rital importance to
the present success of the project;
for the Company must understand per
fectly well, that not riutich money can
be obtained from this parish, or town,
unless the line is adopted, that will
bring the road through our town.
The gentlemen in charge of the
road, are, no doubt, desirous of har
monizing all conflicting interests, and
anxious to get what aid they can from
the parishics along the route, but if
it is implossible for them to conime here,
why, we will have to "endure what
we cannot cure," and submit to our
fate as best we can, throwing no ob
stacle in their way, or doing anything
that might lesson their chances of
final success. We want the road, if
we cannot get it through the town,
we will be glad to have it where the
Company thinks it is to their interest
to build it.
The Shower of Flesh.
This singular phenomnenon which
hann boon porteod it all the pIpert,
is still being discussed and talked of,
by the curious and imaginative; some
going so far as to assert, that thley
have seen hair, fingers, toes, blood,
bones, &e.; willing, no doubt, to make
a very singular and wonderful phe
nionenon, appear as if it was thile out
pouring of some mill sbove, grinding
hIuman forms to be scattered throughll
the atmosphere, to replant the earth
with another species of human be
ings. This rare occurrence took
place in Bathl county, Kentucky,
about 2 o'clock in the afternoon on
Friday, Marchl 3d. It has been call
ed the "Shower of Flesh." It cov
ered a space about one acre wide, and
two acres long, with small particles
fromn one inch to two inches long,
and three-fourths of an inch in thick
ness. Professor Lawrence, of Louis
ville, Ky., says, after examining the
samples sent himn: "In my mind this
matter gives indication of being the
dried spawn of Batrachian reptiles
doubtless of the frog. This is no iso
lated occurrence of the kind, I have
come across several, in the course of
my reading. The only one I can now
fix the date of, is recorded by Mus
chlonbroeck, as occurring in Ireland,
in 1865."
We have frequently seen somethiug
of the kind in our lakes, here in the
South, and it would be difficult to
distinguish it from flesh, but we have
never seen anything of the kind
"flying around in the air," at which
we nlight have become friglhtened.
John J. Bayley, Governor of the
State of Michigan, speiaking of
the Centennial, says: "On Satur
tday, thle 15th day of April next,
I urge ulpon every citizen of this
State, who owns a piece of God's
ground-whether it be large or
small, whether in city or country,
town or village-to plant a tree,
which our children and our clhil
dren's children may know and re
member as the tree planted by
patriotic hands, in the first Cen
tenttial year of the Repnblic. In
a conntry of land-owners, where
the poorest man may, if he will,
own the ground he stands on, this
seems a most appropriate memo
rial act, and I earnestly hope our
peolle will heartily unite in adopt
ing this suggestion."
Let every fannrmer read the ad.
vertisemenut in this paper of 'Chu
tfae and Japanl Peas." If one
half that is claimed for these crops
by the best authorities be true,
they are indeed a godsend to the
South,.
News of the Week.
Repbitlican State Convention as
seimbled in Burlington, Vermont, on
29th Mlrcllh. on. ion. F. Taft' Pres
ident ; opposes repeal of the re~sumlp
tion act. No words for Grant or the
admlinistration.
Republican State Convention at
llarrishnrg, Penn., March 24th. Ed
ward MBclhlerson, President. De
nolunces the attempt to force upon
the nation a free trade ; wants high
tariff They present Gov. Ilartranft
to the Cincinnati Convention as a
candidate for the Presidency. No
notice taken of Grant or administra
tion.
Gov. Ames, of Mississippi, has re
signed, and J. M. Stone, president of
the Senate, has been installed as Gov
ernor.
Democratic State Convention met
in L:ancaster, Penn., March 22d. Rob
ert E. Monaghan was elected permna
nent chairman. The following gentle
men were elected as delegates to the
National Convention : Wm. A. Wal
lace, liester Clymer, A. II. Dill, and
II. M. Warth. The )Democracy of the
States reasserts its devotion, to all
the provisions of the Federal Consti.
tution, and to a perpetuated union of
Iates, eiarges the Republican party
with extravagance and corruption,
says 1st: That the civil service of the
Goverimnenat nhas become corrupt, and
is made the object of personal gain.
2d. That the recent and repeated ex
posures of fraud and corruption of
public aifhirs call for a thorough and
searching investigation of the con
duct and condition of every branch of
the public service, to the end that
the guilty may be punished. 3d. Re
trenchment and economy are indis
pensable in the Federal, State, and
municipal administrat ions. They
commend the efforts of the majority
in the house of Representatives for
the *duction of expenditures of the
Federal Government, and their de
termination to lessen the number of
useless officials. 4th. Recommend
general amnesty to all persons impli
cated in the late rebellion, in this,
our centennial year. .5th. Separation
of church and State. 6th. That the
statute for the resumption' of specie
payment on Ist January, 1879 is in
possible to execute, and should there
fore forthwith be repealed. 7th. That
gold and silver are the only trne
basis for the currency of the Rtpublic.
8th. That the present depression of
all our national industries, is the di
rect inevitable fruit of the extrav
agance of reckless and !dishonest Re
publicans tampering with the fitan
ces of the country.
The Republican State Convention
that assembled in Jackson, Miss.,
March 31, was marked by scenes of
turbulence and riotous confusion.
The anti-Mortonites claim a victory.
P'inchback was there, attempted a
speechl, eulogistic of Morton, btat it fell
still-born, much to Pinch's disgnst.
Ex-Governor Anmes will soon repair
to his home in Massacahusettes.
Mr. Parton's marri:aige has been
legalized by the Legislature of Mas
sachusetts. It will be remenmlered
that lie married sometime ago his
step-daughter.
A. T. Stewart is to give a ball to
the Emperor of Brazil upon his ar
rival in this country.
The President had a sleepless niglht
April lst-we hope he'll have another.
Orvil Grant says if he hi:d beent
born twins hie could have made twice
as much money.
Senator Bruce says, there will be
no peace at the South until the negro
vote is divided,
The mass meeting held in Cousliat
ta March 35th, organized itself into a
Property Holders Union, on thie basis
of one of same nature in New Orleans.
One matn, Dick King, is driving 30,
000 head of cattle from Texas to Kan
sas.
We lhnd a present of "shorts"' this
week from a "shorts" merchant in
town; it made nice "short-cake" and
was "shortly" used ap,
River rising here, and from last ac
counts fromnt Shreveport it was rising
there, but falling at Jefferson.
Two boats in town this week.
Sheriff's Sales.
Robert WV. Simmons vs. W. W.
Breazeale. Sale of land on the 6th
May.
Ma:rcelin Tauzin vs. R. E. Butrke,
Assignee of T. Lacoste, Bankrupt.
Sale of House and lot on Front Street.
Saturday, May 6th.
W. M. Levy vs. Gaston Iloque and
J. E. Rloque. Sale of land, May 6th.
Clemence Dugas vs. L. H. Burdick.
Times tffice, 15 April.
A. B. Sompayrac vs. D. H. Boullt,
Jr. Sale of Ilnds, May 6tlh.
Stucession Sales.
Succession of Win. Joyce. Sale of
land, household and kitchen furniture,
April 27th.
Succession Sale of J. J. Patton.
Sale of land on Spanish lake, April
29th.
Succession of Remy McTire. Sale
of land and houeehold furniture,
April 27th.
We would call attention to the
notice of the Chairman of Democratic
Executive Committee of the parish,
requesting a meeting of the Commit
tee on the 17th inst, and would ask
our ftiends to use some exertion to
attend the call, as the business to be
transacted is very important.
-  :.
Free LUNCH every day at Cartel's,
except Sunday.
Pleasures of Knowledge.
"The two early struggle angainst the
panin of obsciuity, conlrpts no smnial
share of understanding. Well and
happily has that iman contducted his
nnderstalnding, who has learned to
derive ftlom the exercise, of it, regular
occupation and rational delight : who,
after having overcome the first pain
of application, and acquired a habit
of looking inwardly upon his own
mind, perceives that every day is
multiplying the relations, confirming
the accuracy, and augmenting the
numnlier of his ideas ; who feels
that lie is rising in the scale of intel.
lectnal beings, gathering new strength
with every difficlty whiicil he sub
dues, and enjoying to-day as his pleas.
tre, that which yestetlday he labored
at, as his toil. There are many coun
solations in the mind of such a man,
which no common life. can ever afird ;
and many enijoyinents which it has
not to give ! It is not the mere cry
of the moralist and the flourish of
rhetoricians ; but it is noble to seek,
and it is beautiful to find it. It is the
ancient feeling of the humann heart,
rt knowledge is better than riches ;
and it is deeply and 'saredly true !
To mark the course of human pas
sions as they have flowed on in the
ages that are past, to see why nations
have risen, and why they have fallen ;
to speak of heat, and light, and the
winds ; to know what man has dis
covered in the heavens above, and in
the earth beneath ; to hear the' client
ist unfold the marvellous properties
that the creator has locked up in a
speck of earth ; to be told that there
are worlds so distant from our sun,
that the quickness of light, travelling
from the world's creation, has never
yet reached us, to wander in the cre
ation of poetry, and grow warm again,
with that eloquence which swayed
the democracies of the old world ; to
go up with great reasoners to the
First Cause of all, and to perceive in
the midst of all this dissolution and
decay, and cruel separation, that
there is one thing unchangeable, in
destrnctible, and everlasting :-it is
iworth while in the days of our youth
to strive hard for this great discipline:
to pass sleepless nights for it, to give
up to it laborious days ; to spurn for
it present pleasures; to endure for it
afflicting poverty ; to wade for it
through darkness and sorrow and con
tempt, as the great spirit of the world
f have done in all :iges andin all times.
I appeal to the experience of any
man who is in the habit of exercising
his mind vigorously and well, whether
there is not a satisfrction' in it, which
tells him lie has beeu acting up to
t one of thle great objects of his exis
tence i The end of nature has been
'an auseed ; his facuinals have done
that wcllh they were created to 1do
not langnidly occupiced Ulpon trifles
not enervated hy sensual gratification,
Shut exercised in that toil, whidi is sot
congeniial to their nature, and so
worthy of tleirestrength. A life of
knowledge is not often a life of crime.
Whom does such a man oppress i
With whose happines~s doer lie inter
foree? Whom does his ambition des
troy and whom does his fraud de
ceive ? In the pursuance ot science,
lie injures no nlan, and in the ac
qui-ition, lie does good to all. A
man who deicates his life to knowl
edge, becomes habitual to pleasure
wlich carries with it no reproach,
and there is one security tlhat he will
inever love that pleasure which is paid
tor by anguish of heart-his pleasures
are all cheap, all dignified, and all
innocent, and as far as any human
being can elpect permanence in this
clhianging scene, he has secured a hap
piness which no malignity of fortune
can ever take away, but which must
cleave to him while hlie lives-ameli
orating every' good and diminishintg
every evil of his existence."
S.
Growler.
DEAR GrROWIER
As you are in the newspaper
- business, and supposed to know every
thing, wllether you do or not, will
you please inform me on what
street, of the many in oar city, I might
"perambulate" without having my
clothes bedaubed, my ears and mouth
filled with mud ?
Yours truly,
BEAU,
Bean, my well dressed aid highly
perfumed friend, the best advice we
can give you is, take a stand on Sec
ond street, near the Cathedral, when
the young ladies are comling out of
Schurch, and let them throw their be.
witching smiles at you, and do not
"perambulate" at all, for our city
"Fathers" have not the "ways and
means"to have tile streets repaired
at this time. There is a little "crook
edness" in their affairr at present,
but no doubt time will "straiten
them," as the sun will soon dry nup
the mud-holes.
We take pleasure in calling atteon
Stion to the card of DR. POWE.LL, pub
lished in today's issue. The Doctor
hlas located among us, for the pur;tose
of practicing his profession. Give
c him a call.
The story coupling us to a Bris.
tow Presidential movement, in
Sdependent or otherwise, contains
Sa series of small inaccuracies, ma
king in all, a tolerably large and
life'like lie.-Courier-Jourual.
Subsae~ri to the Vijrlieator,
Pleasantries.
The following dihlogue was fver
iheard the oth.er (iL : lle-Ai:Iminta
fje I',lorce. =he--liut it yourself..-.l.
fthl' ier "'(.'halotte, how do .yo
like your nt'w tleahler ('' harlout.
"''h i she' a splendlidl teacher. Sie
don't care whlethl r wte know our lesi.
sons or' not."
"Do you love me still, John t" whi3.
pered a senisitive wife t her Iua3.
hliid. '"Of coitlrse I t h; the stiller
the lbetter," answredl the stupid lhaa,
A rogue lately advertised that for
81 lie would send to illny addlrea
haltldsotlle plackiage c cotaiinilg Ig
rl'E.ents. Each package turned out iq
lhe ia paper otf pinis.
'The dilililerene bctween the harld.
ware-dealer and the li-ot-Iliker-On,
sold the niails iand the other nailed
the siles.-Ex.
Lonlllon l'neh : (At a party)-Ile,
"Shall we sit diown !" Shei. "'I should
like to, Ilut mI drlcssn:aker says I
must not."
A dwatf, at an exhibition in Lone
d:lct, told a lady that a certaing MMad.
at1e1 II., renowned for her beauty,;
had kissed hintm. "And you kissed
her back, of course ?"'' querie4 thit
lady. "No, indeed; I kissed her
face."
Query for rnaturalists: If a lird lit
the hand is worth two in the bushi, I1
a mule in the face worth two in the'
groulld 7
A soling man in Great llarrington,
Mass.. coulldn't get up coullrage enough
to "pop the question" to his girl, ani
Sso sent his ofttir by mail. He gotti
nostal -ciard in reply Ibictly sayingi
L''etch on the preacher."
It is a I)artmouth student who
compaillires a sewing ilmachine to a kim,
because it seems so good.
The Chicago Times says Mlls. Grant
couldn't Rutifus Ingalls' stem-winder!
"Snow flakes and apple blossoms"
is wlhat they cll Christianucy and his
young wife.
A Connecticut lady was riding is
the eirsA the other day with her little
girl, who, hearing the conductor cry
the stations, asked, "Manmma, do we
get out at the next holler i"
Plize conundrum by the Philadel.
phi: Bulletin : Why is a store tat
don't advertise like Enoch Ardea
Blecause it "sees no sale from day wt
day."
A yorng man named Turn marriei
a cousin of the same name, on the
plea that "one good Turn deserves
snothler."
If this inundation in Paris keeps.,
half the people there will be in-Seine.
-Comi. Adv.
The time for a man to stand irmlyl
Iby Jlwe's example is when he washed
his face with home-made snap and
begins to paw around over the chair
with his eyes shut, inquiring for a
towel, quick, and is told thattlletow
el is in the diawer, but the keys are
lost.
Wishing to pay his fiie4 a com.
plitment a gentleman remarked: "E
hear you have a very industries
wife." "Yes," replied the friend, with
a tiielanrcholy smile, "she's never idle;
site's ialways tindinug solmetlhing fur me
to do."
.l,.l!.,41=--- 
LATEST NEWS.
hartford, April :.l-lartford Chity
gives Robitson, Heplublican, 'I;
Ingersoll, Delmoelrat 193i; Atwater,
Grllccltiaclk, 1 ; Smlith, Tenipelree,
21). ln'gersoil's niljority 51,L Itst
year his tlajuirity was 1401. Fir
teen other towns give Robinson t ; '
Ingersoll 3J94; Atwater 119; Smith
24. IThe samne towns last year gave
Greene, Republican, 26714; lengeal
332;i Smnith, Temperancee, 193. Di
Inuilicain gain in these towns Sad is
Hluartfrd City 894.
Norwich, April 3.--Five townsishol
a slight filling off In the total vote
froll last year, with no apparent
change in proportion. The indies
tions are thlat Waite, Repnblican, i1
elected to Congress over Wells,
Denlocrat, b;y a good majority.
iuartinrd, Apr il 3-Sixty towns givre
Rilinusou 15,733; Ingerstt 17,6I8;
Smith, 't'enreratce, 492; Atwater,
Greenback, 41it. The aink towli
last year gave Greelne 15,6t17 1; nf
soIl 18,(149 ; Smith. Temrpetanee 89l
sclitttrinig (. So far as heard froml
the Republicans have gained 11 RE.
presentaatives amni the Democrat 14.
Hartfordnl, April 3--The electioa is
progressing quietly. It is a disagl
able rainy day. Greenback men la
polling a considerable vote here l
the chantces are against an electio i0
the people.
DEMOCRATIC VlIrCTOIt.
Boton lRouge, Aplii 3.-An electil!
was held here to-day for Mayor, Al
niniistrator of Iupriovementl anid
two Counciilmen. The IDemocrei
ticket was elected by 315 nlmajority-Ia
large Iumber of colored men votiut
thie Democratic ticket.
Natchitoclhes, La., April i, 1876.
Thie members of the Central Eix
eculive Commulittee of the perhi d
Natchlitoches, are requlested to met
in this city, on Monday, 17th tit, at
I2 o'clock. A fill attendence i5tht
oestly requested, as busineeo.f 'iU
portance will be discussed.
D. PIERSON, ,,
J. H. COSGROVE, ChairmauW
Secretary.
NAMES OF COSIIMMITTEE.
Ward 2-H. HI IIathorn.
Ward 3-L. N. Lane.
Ward 4--Sidney lHarrison.,
Ward 5--P. Jennings.
Ward 6-W. A. Poander.
Ward 7--iH. R. McCleudon,
Ward 8-Jacob Kile.
Ward 9-E. Rost.
Ward 10-E. Masson,
Ward I I-J. Alpb. Prrdhoamme.
Ward 12-David Pierson.
At Large-J. 11. Cosgrove.
W. E. RDssell.
E. V. Deblieulr
Dr. WT. B. poWC
MEDICINE and SURGERY,
OFFICE on ST. DENIS STREgT
NATCHlITOCHE~ LA.
Calls to the Country propptly at*
tended to.
Refers to Dra. . Johnson, J. R. Stphef. C.
Hamlin and G. E. Gilleapie, MeesRr. BallUIa
& Campbell. Carver & Taylor, Trichel L AirY
and Co. I. E. Burke.
Apri! 4.-ly.