IN PERIL OF ICESERGS
Their Early Appearance a New
Menace to Ocean Travel.
FAR AE..E OF TIME THIS YEAR
The (:lacinl Leviathlans, -hVich ..u
ally lDo o;.t ~par':e I ntil Piidsumn
micer. No- Ob()truet i]t" Z'itlhway of
Transatnlantic ('olmierce.
[Special Correspondence.]
IIalifax, N. S.. April, . --The oldest
mariners entering this orl. have nove.
befor- ;oen thus early in the season so
inay .!ad so great icebergs in the path
of ci. an traftilc as now ilenace trals
atlantic shipping. Usually the ice floe
from the farther north does not make
its appearance in any considerable
quantities as far south as the line of
steamship travel until the latter tart
of July or early in Augusta when the
soa is caimor and storms are less fre
quent. Eve. then these ezroat flinatilng
mounti. I of ice are at sour .lIe of lluch
dan"'-r. nLou the"y 'oto eartier, in
March and April or even in May, dur
MONSTER ICEBERG IN STEAMER TRACK.
[From photo taken 500 miles east of Hali
fax.]
ing the season of dense fogs, violent
windstorms and low temperature, the
peril to shipping is increased a hun
dredfold.
Many transatlantic steamers entering
this port during the last fortnight have
encountered great bodies of floating
ice, which entailed the most watchful
care on the part of the navigators to
prevent disastrous collisions and re
sulted in much perplexing delay. The
log of one incoming vessel shows that
nearly a hundred icebergs varying in
height above the water line from fifty
to 300 feet were sighted on the trip,
across the Atlantic. These covered a
stretch of over 150 miles, being mainly
between latitude 42 degrees 15 min
utes, longitude 49 degrees 20 minutes,
to latitude 42 degrees 5 minutes, longi
tude 52 degrees 53 minutes, which is
about 200 miles almost due east of
Halifax. Its passage was a most has
ardous one, and on several occasions a
collision which might have sunk the
ship and caused a frightful disaster
was narrowly averted. Other ships
have scarcely less sensational stories
to tell of experiences with the perilous
ice floe.
According to the expert hydrogra
phers, who know as much about it as
anybody. else and probably not much
more, this early appearapce of the ice
is the result of a warm and early
spring in northern latitudes, causing
the breaking off of large bodies of ice
from the great glacial formations of
the arctic region, from whence they are
brought southward along the coast of
Newfoundland into the path of steam
er traffic by the polar currents.
The size -o -an iceberg appearing
above the surface of the sea does not
constitute its essential peril to ship
ping. Frequently that seen above the
water is less than a ninth of its totall
bulk. so that a berg that stands 300
feet above the sea level may be actual
iy 2,700 feet high and of far greater
area than is indicated by the exposed;
surface.
In mild weather the proximity of a !
large body of ice at sea is usually indi
cated by colder air and water, but in
thick and heavy weather, which pre
vails at this season of the year, it is
extremely difficult to detect the pres
ence of an iceberg by the tempera
ture until the ship is squarely upon it.
A familiar method of keeping a look
out for ice in thick weather is to take
"soundings" with a thermometer. The
Instrument is lowered below the sur
face at intervals, and a record is kept
of the water's temperature. A sudden
drop of 2 or 3 degrees is usually the
signal for reducing the vessel's speed.
doubling the lookout and keeping the
whistle blowing for echoes. An auto
matic signaling thermometer is also
used. This is kept permanently below
the surface, and any important change
in temperature is registered in the pilot
house.
The birth of the iceberg is in the far
north. As a glacier or ice river pushes
its way into the ocean huge masses/
break away from the edges and float
seaward. Currents carry them scme
times for thousands of miles before
warmer climates eventually cause their
disintegration.
Charts of the north Atlantic show
that a vast number of bergs float with
the Labrador current in a southerly di
reetion around the coast of Newfound
'land and Nova Scotia and from thence
farther out to sea until they finally
amelt away and become a part thereof.
Many of these great floating moun
tains come from te coast of Green
-and, where the succession of glaciers
i4v bt W t tb tand C :bergs. Like
place of their formation. Others pur
sue their solitary anld imajestic courst
dimrf :. 1
ow , i,- at othe w«aitr l,.i whtile tlti ai
iIlI io\v tri ' w. ter is illtr l t : il l sill)l , rl
il exti ' led surface ll II i a co1itt )plI';lnv.t
iy iarrow stnee(1. Othlers are tunneledll
or art ed. y fact, there is ,lo limita
tions to i formlr or size. Tihe nlrt helr
tiful lanIt the miost grotesqule rlray s;lI
side by .side. *le utay be .a .tile squIrei
andl tl other nIly forty or tifty t it.
WV hetliw r rge or small:, buit : sl;,
plrilo ortio I f eitlher is seen. "'ho a ,t
mass is alrivys relowv 11h.' at er.
Ast tlils there is so'k r n illl " 1:"
grateful in ti ltm Ven n.- o " :n i i't,-
be her. nl r of Irl . i.. Sit ' 1 s -:1.; ,s lr
so e Yeats ine o \\hicth for a time oscil
lated Imkv:ir d :and 1 fI't *g!.' :T
regular l o ,, n itllrlilt' le 1. n::ll 1
oIf a hr-ok. It was a:, Iots5 .
ti . ilorli.s, s.'ht toiwl si, _. e,
mrlor;taill of ice sw . in i'tll r ide 1
silde like oni ) te of the pliar :.rss
haunt th'i far nor rth. 'ii l'it ""n I .
::llmo-st it.percteptii ly the it "r i '"u I
turtle," -iVing a gently re ind:d .-.r
fate where \ efore l't, I 1 n l11i:a
peaksl; ;1( turrets. It vtars a dis< ..
view in the literal sense.
Thire is a continuous chiange in the
appearance of icebergs. At timrs at
Gothic eanthedral is stimulated: again,
with the sunlset warni glow, the sur
faces may take to themselves a like
noess to a tropic landscape. ('ascadeS
will descend from the upper slipeS.
breaking into feathery spray as the
stream meets with obstarcles. Sai)lrs
in the arctic make mental pictures as
children do with passing clouds of
these strange forms. HIome, with its
familiar scenes, may be imagined amid
the very abomination of desolation.
As to the size of icebergs-well, one
must be among them to appreciate
their proportions. Sir John Rtoss oh
i served one that was 2, miles long by
21,, miles broad and 150 feet high. The
weight was estimated at 1,500,000,000
tons. This, however, was not an ex
traordinary berg. Sometimes they are
observed towering to a height of 700 ior
800 feet. As only one-tenth of the mass
is above water and visible, it is seen
that they require plenty of depth as
well as sea room for their movements.
The comments of the passengers
when an ocean steamer passes an ice
berg are often curious. If the weather
is fine and the distance sufficient for
safety, while convenient for the obser
vation, the sight is taken as a spectacle
arranged for the edification of the on
lookers. Some are disappointed. They
expected something more dramatic.
turrets perhaps when flat surfaces are
seen or ragged edges where tihe waves
may be sliding over smoothness. Oth
ers go into ecstasies of delight over the
ever changing pictures presented to
their view. But the master of the ship
looks on the berg as his natural enemy
and calculates the chances of others
being met with later on. When the
passengers are sleeping the officers
watch that harm comes not nigh.
The littleness of man's work as com
pared with that of the Creator is no
where more apparent than when a ship.
perhaps a great ocean liner, falls in
with a fleet of these leviathans of tihe
ocean. The captain, observing a lower
ing of the temperature otherwise not
to be accounted for, causes his ship to
be steered cautiously. Thie watch is
cautioned. Perhaps a fog falls over the
face of the deep. Then, groping slowly
and painfully in the murky twilight
that even a search light will not pierce
~i-- - -
AN ICEBERG IN OLD AGE.
for any distance, the great boat keeps
on her course. To lie to would be in
effectual, as the deep sunken berg has
movements different from the drift of
the vessel. Dimly is seen a vast
wreath rising at the side of the ship~
This is not defined in outline until the
iceberg towers above the vessel, so
close escape seems impossible. With
the position of the enemy located, to
steer clear is a comparatively simple
matter unless other bergs surround the
vessel. If the weather is mild and the
sea calm, all is likely to go well under
the watchful care of the expert naviga
tor, but when the storms and fogs ac
company the icebergs there is immi
nent peril. Thus it is that the appear
ance of the ice this season two months
earlier than usual adds a new and seri
ous menace to transatlantic commerce.
RICHARD J. HAVILAND.
He Wanted to Be Sure.
"Hello. Catherwood! I understand
you were married recently."
"How recently ?"
"WMy, last month some time."
"Oh,. that's all right. It isn't true. I
waem't married to within a minute or
au age, but I didn't know but that
y.o-4ad later Intelligence."-Cleveland
Ww.-·
.1,nt , .' , ,hlal l I'r' in i I tT l ,;.
CONFUSION SO GREAT
REMARKS jARD WO KIEAR
5-it'er4 rtls lmnildinr, WII hee teer
qises ifere Held, la- a Vri
tabile Sea of b'acr' and a
Sight :ol.ou , Sri-n.
St. Louis. :%: I.--ihte t:il ,lit sag ci
the Lonisian. .r Yu.!:- .. \'.;~i! 1 0 (S01
Thur ,,irs were ,-, . , :.
Sth. e w sl .i- a :' h: ..-; I 'i "ll p ni. , "
tier;cej , , f,. ;x, 11: crallr l
'1cler . Of tics < ", om;'n l.'o, fs t"
o f th e |t r o p s t h eae nc" 1o h er p,,! r o t , ,
prosident, and t timens a i.tc"-rly blint
ecx the or"t i-'t it wV1t- voil nia:, ira
Po:asible aor hinm to ste across the street
in which tin: troopa wrre marchi ng.
Added to the discomfort of the wind
and dust was a tomrerature which
sought for the mrarrow. and generally
reached it. The women who, on the
strength of the warm weather of Wed
nesday, came in summer dresses to
the reviewing stand, suffered keenly.
although the officers commanding the
guard around the reviewing stand pro
vided them with blankets. Both Pres
ident Roosevelt and former President
Cleveland remained in the reviewing
stand exposed to the icy wind until
the end of the parade, although their
faces were blue and their limbs were
stiffened by the cold. Conditions in
the Liberal Arts building where the ded
ication ceremonies were held, were lit.
tie better.
Of all the speakers, President Roose
velt alone was able to make his voice
carry further than fifty feet from the
stage. By far the largest part of the
assembly could hear nothing, and it
was nearly freezing to death. Thou
sands of people in the rear part of
the hall were constantly moving about
and producing a muffled roar that
would have baffled a fog horn.
When the president rose to speak he
was cheered to the echo. He bowed
again and again, suggesting by his
manner that quiet was restored. Final
ly he mounted the broad railing in
front of the rostrum where he could
be seen from every part of the hall,
and again motioned for silence. There
was everything but silence, and Presi
dent Francis suggested that he proceed
with his speech and quiet would fol
low. The president laughed and shook
his head. Taking advantage of a lull,
he called, "Now, my fellow-citizens,
give me all the chance you can, for 4
need it.'
The chance was given, and the pres
ident began his address. A burst of
applause greeted his statement that
the Dutch had done great things for
the country in its infancy, and the
president laughed in a manner which
plainly said: "That means my ances
tors."
Another outburst of applause, which
was long continued after he had
spoken about fifteen minutes, caused
him to' laugh and remark to Presi
dent Francis: "Now, I think I'm done,"
and wjhen the applause died away he
went on with his speech.
Following the president's • address
the chorus rendered "Unfold, Ye Por
tals."
Senator Carter then introduced ex
President Grover Cleveland, who
spoke.
After leaving the hall the president
was entertained at dinner in the ad
ministration building, from the win
dows of which he watched the fire
works until 10 o'clock, when he en
tered his train.
At 2:25 the assembly was called to
order by President Francis. The noise
was so great that his vdice could not
be heard twenty feet from the rostrum.
Cardinal Gibbons delivered the invoca
tion.
Following the invocation of the car
dinal. United States Senator Thomas
H. Carter of the national committee,
who acted as president of the day, was
introduced, and spoke.
After the rendition of "The Heavens
Proclaiming," by the chorus of 2` .0l
voices, David R. Francis, president of
th( fair association, delivered an ad
dress, presenting the buildings of the
fair.
At the conclusion of President Fran
cis' address terrific cheers broke forth
to greet President Roosevelt. who de
livered the dedication address.
The exercises were closed by a ben
ediction delivered by Bishop Potter
of New York.
Thousands of people occupied an
immense stand near the Administra
tion building during the evening to
witness the display of fireworks. The
display was delayed until the appear
ance of the president, when a great
battery of fifteen-inch aerial moons
were exploded in a saulte, which was
almost deafening. The spectacle closed
with the printing in letters of fire of
the words: "Farewell until 1904."
Rice Company.
Crowley, La., May 1.-A mammoth
rice company, to operate in Louisiana
and Texas, and backed by Chicago
capitalists, is a certainty. Fine rain
fell in the rice belt Thursday.
Ten Thousand Steer. Sold.
Amarillo, Tex., -May 1.-Ed Carver
sold to Isaac Humphrey and Ed Reed
10,000 two-year-old steers.
THY L V(OF A T( W,
HO`A' .-:'·.Y F. iOS: 3 HAS Z--,
chu ch! 1';:(Iin_. n vv in jf
a nir 11..
the i (,111e·1s ;Irv ,illi ! ill c'1l!i·-;. · 10, ('r"1""·
tIPo lliT e ii ltl -ii'_: viI :' tinsj't
11(11 of ruIt ) Iti li ' tI I ;1 I 1 v ! n
'\ J
CI ii r
-~ ;,, r, tt
0froul ., 1tidie at Fotr, I'1.'niix. wvit~ilii
20 nud o heI osmason i
trin -tnings 111"e of Niue lime- ioll , 111
th 1"e le o e trir etile~sll:'t
in ld s a v d he d tll 1;i.rtI'
si ilrto ths fun ilrIv ("Ite
drl i nlad onmntltrcr
wido sof% hte l ist11,tures
Pinnales ad chiney hts ofterr
cotta. ; % 1
The interior has somei striking fea
tures-carved decorations, a profusion
of paneling, flat aIrelhes and shallow
moldings. In the entertainment hall.
or Sunday school room, are to be found
four full length figures of 'angels
carted in oak. Throughout the build
ing oak is the only wood used exe-pt
in the flooring of the kitchen andl scul
lery. The buildings will he enjoyed by
a parish of not more than sixty fami
lies, the average attendance at the
Sunday services not ,exceedin' a fifty.
No one knows exactly how imullch they
will cost, as the work is being tdone by
the day. Half a dozen stone carvers
have been busy for more than a year
on this part of the church alone, and it
may be set down as a conservative es.
timate that when the buildings are
completed they will represent an ex
penditure of close upon $1,000,0ts,.
Mr. Rogers spends all the time he
can spare at Fairhaven. *is home in
the south part of the town is Georgian
in architecture and is one of the show
places of F'airhaven. It is bigger than
most summer hotels, and from it an
excellent view of Buzzards bnt may
be obtained. For the last seven years
Mr. Rogers has held the office of super
intendent of streets, and, thanks to his
generosity, the bwn possesses more
macadam roads than any Massachu
setts settlement four umes its size.
The money to build them was not ap
propriated at the annual town meet
ings, so one may guess whence it camne.
This is not all that Mr. Rogers has
done for Fairhaven. "e built a water
works system that is now owned by
the library and is one of the sources of
its income. Last summer half a mile of
granotithic sidewalk was laid on the
street that ends at Mr. LRogers' gate.
He will provide any householder with
curbing in front of his house, the own
er's only expense being to pay for the
setting of the stone. Trees have been
planted along new streets, the old Uni
tarian church has become a school
house, unsightly buildings that disfig
ured the wharfs have disappeared. In
every case Mr. Rogers has paid the
bills, and he is prepared to do even
more for the town. As soon as the leg
islature gives authority the mill pond.
long a disfigurement, will be trans
formed into a park. If the cost of all
these improvements could be estimated
with any degree of accuracy, it would
total far beyond $2,00t).to(K and might
easily reach $3,000.000.
Another of the interesting Ihilding;:
of F-'airhaven which owe tlheir existe'-,
to Mr. IRogers' munificenice is the %ia
sonic hall at the "'Four Corners." a tine
business block. It contains a lIodge
room finished in quartered oak, and
when Mr. Rlogers gave it to the Ma
sons he stipulated that the name of
their lodge shouldl be clhanged from
Concordia to the George H. Ta!el.r
lodge. This was a signal tribute to
"Uncle" Taber, who was then still
alive and one of the most picturesque
figures of the town. In lhis boyhood
days Mr. Rogers and the olt man, who
went on one voyage for whales and
then sailed in many merchant vessels
as captain, were great comrades.
In the last years of his life Captain
Taber was a frequent visitor to the
hall that bore his name, and these vis
its helped to make happy his declining
days. At the dedicatory exercises iin
the lodge room Mr. Rogers made an
impressive speech, in the course of
which he said, "Captain Taber is the
finest old fellow I ever knew, with a
heart as big as an ox and love enough
for the whole world." The worthy cap
tain died last year, aged ninety-four,
and none more sincerely mourned his
demise than did the Standard Oil mag
nate. HENRY A. BRUCE.
TWHEN tN NEED ((F AEYE'
Fancy or Staple Groceries
ASM, OI_ STR, . M-.T;,.
Tue .. X L. T Lroc. y Co.,
pli a d V4 Texas ,. P es s7 S. !ut4.
HE RiMAN LOEB
DEALER IN
Hides, Wool, Tallyow, Beeswax, Furs.,
CO()3I'IIRCE SIRIT , NEXT I i . & !' \IL\AY.
StIR\E IA'( )RT, L..
I guarantee to mte sellers ti!e hc>t Irc.> ,i t aii.tn t I iii :t. Lonis, New
Drleans, Vicksburg. (;Galveston and Il, utintI :it tom. V I'mil;,t returt'.
THE F~AMO: k
"WHITI MOUNTAIN"
REFRIGiERATO.RS and ICE ChESTS
Are eow ci exhibition at
F. MARTEL & SON.
()O e f ti c. ith : ":l1 n r c," (;:i ii.rance . ..s "V r Ftreezer, an
airvy Hammouck. w\ill tix vu up to ''iv - ii.hnl tIr 1 rris hrt o cI .cnming sumn
Phone 555. 211 Texas St.
Gardeners and Truck Farmers.
TAKE NOTICE!
\e have received our new crop T. & \. Brand Challenge Field and Gar
den Seeds 'om Northern and Eastd01 ceed farm-. This seed possesses
strong germinating powers, produces vigorus plants which insures an abun.
dant harvest .t1 means more money in your lckcts if you Iby this seed.
\\rite for catalogue and ask %)r special prices on Seed Corn. Oats, Rye,
Barley, Wheat, Amber and Orange Cane Seed. Alfalfa. Clocer, Millet and
Seed Potatoes, or send us your order. \\e guarantee satisfaction.
ros Texas st TUSTEN & WEIL.
BOW1ERS' DRUGSTORE.
Sue. #i Aug. J. Bogel.
Books, ' Stationery:, - Toilet Articles
and Fancy Goods.
lIanufacturer of Flavoring 2xtracts, Pure Soda and Min-.
(al t 'aters. Agents for Smith-Premniar Typewriters.
Fresh Garden Seed.
l'escliptions carefully comupounded with the best and freshees
trugs. All favors appreciated and orders given prompt
atentiol.
PRED W. BOWERS. Proprietor.
E. C. tiardman & Co.,
Wholesale and Retail Dealer in
IU fBEER. SHINGLES, SASH,
goors, Blinds and General House
Cinishing Goods.
)ffice and Salesrooms *orner Spring and Crockett.
,rumber Yard Corner Lake and iMceed street.
SHREVEPORT. LA.
- I--- -LI2I
RIDER AGENTS WANTEB
in each townto take orders for our new High OGr.
Guaranteed Bicycles.
New 1903 ModelS
"Belglsefg," Complte $87
"C ossack," Guaarantee, High G ade $10.7
"Siberian," c I 'eauty $12.Y
" Neudorft," oad IRace; $14.7s
no better bicycle at any price.
Any other ?flake Ct mop c leZIt *o an af one-t ftR
Tusuzl.'l price. . 0hoie of any standard tires and best
equipment on all our sicycles-. birs nijsj guarant4L
We SHIP ON APPROVAL C. o. D. to any on0
without a c.nt drpoit and allow 10 DAYS FRE
TRIAL before purhasrcis_- ndbia
500 econd Hand Wheels $3 t
STAB taken in trade 1,?o slr C sliic.e retail stor s.
all m akes an .sn ' I t a-, i' iC1 s n ,'w ...... ......
I DTE1RS ( 1 DUB FACTORY PRICES AND FREE TRIAL OFFR
Tires, equipnt, s.nmries nd sa rting gr o s 'f al kinr. at 1 alf re ular .'i.e
inourbbi freesundry catalog C ntains ra wrltl f u uscfu i a nfor ration .
J . LMEAD CYCLE CO., Chicago, li
INRI 0R5s MrcANTIL MFi . (0. LTD.
Wlholesale Beaers in All Pinds of
Fruits, Produce, Field and
Garden Seeds.
Proprietors of IHREVEPORT lTEA]i BOTTLING
4VORKS and SHIRE'EPORT STEAM
CANDY FACTOIY.
517 to 521 Spring Street, S!r!vfegM:.... t-