THE CAUCASIAN.
Official Journal of the
City of Shreveport.
Tlil'NsI)AY. lFEIt. 12. 1903.
AMIERICAN .\Nl) EtUROPEAN'
DIPLOMACY.
From the Europe:n side of this great
round worid conies in reproachful tones
the assertion that we have no diplomats
in this country. Measured from the
standard of Europeans we have not. A
skilled diplomat is one who is always
playing for something he would not
have: a double dealer whose ambition
is to entangle and mislead and in the
end get the best of a bad bargain. Re
ferring to Minister Bowen, who is man
aging for Venezuela, the high-felluted
and high-felluting, trained diplomats of
Europe look upon him as a crude and
somewhat vulgar product of the United
States, a plain, blunt man who knows
little of conventionalities and who is
sufficiently indiscreet as to state his case
clearly and then rest on his demands.
The trained diplomats of Germany and
England and litaly and all others inter
ested more or less in their grab-all in
Venezuela have been pleading with him
in vain. Bowen, as an American, has
long since realized that the diplomat of
Europe who is regarded as the most
skillful is he who can indulge in the
greatest latitude of tergiversion-in the
words of the United States, lying- and
as Bowen is a truthful man and no
"bluffer" he has simply called the game
of bluff, and in a figurative sense. Eng
land and Germany are on their heads
kicking in air. Neither cajoling or in
sinnated threat have moved the plain
blunt American in his stand for justice
and right. When pressed to hounds un
reasonable he has pointed to The Hague
tribunal for settlement, and there will
be adjusted on fair and honorable terms
to all concerned the differences and the
claims which have led England and
Germany to make forceful and forcible
demands on Venezuela. And. aster all,
American diplomacy. has, prevailed
against European diplomacy. In other
words, that crude, vulgar interloper of
an ' American has cleaned up the best
and most skillful liars of Europe.
VICE PRESIDENTIAL CANDI
DATES.
s an editii ml en "Mougrelization"
The Peli tatas ptbished in Jacksion
"In carefully studying and reviewing
Roosevelt's social equality tendencies,
tories and practices, wish a view to
deternuning fairly aad impartially jtst
what he is striving for, one is irresist
ibly forced to the conclusion that he be
lieves mongrelization a practical solu
tion of the race problem. No other fogi
.cal conclusion can he deduced, without
imptuting to him petty and contemptible
moti es.
"So far, so good! Now it may be ar
gued that, holding the office he does, Mr
Roosevelt has no right to entertain, or
at least give force and expression to
such views.
"Not so I Mr. Roosevelt or any other
freak on this :ontinent has a perfect
right to all the absurd and& impossible
theories and ideas he chooses.
"The mistake is further back. It is in
the reprehensible manner in whick
vicepresidestial candidates are selected.
This d1ice has been jestly regarded as
one of iter oblvion--the political
d;ath-kne ll the tomb, of aspiring poli
,ticiats. For this reason it has beconme
ue pai tho uil y `with any old m ake
tbi or tovenienee that expediency
sa t i. In hoosevelt's particular
in aed there simply to get
intb ;S;tte of New York,
y kd( his political f .
dih4e e4cogulse this fact
a waoly with the wreatest difi
b o b e to accept the
S'The seqtacee prowes the dan
A ~tr incurred by using less
dhrwtio4 is making eldctions
ilk phce la for that of the preui
I at*saa take that, iq tir; of
th pra.etg tgeaona, should neyver be
sahd Roosmevelt is not to blame.
easivel 1* Roosevelt. *taosesvek was
e k ol e he bas heomlat d for
lntooaesae Jay* walit,
V on tankt sug: asilk, purse
d wie you tan;t uM p a
i t to th eaguref ojar
; Id er dew of Pr
bits by a _ a4 his
4oo " roo %. tbef4=.
THE STATE CAMPAIGN.
In an editorial article headed "Ihe
State Campaign the Homer Journal
i tower, we are not inclined to ad
vocate or oppose candidates j ot at this
tim. t There are other important niatters
which should he discussed and settled
hefore Ave di ide into factions over can
didates and their claims. The mwel od
of nominating the nex; State ticket is
important. oCnentions have fallen into
disrepute and fail to satisfy the people.
\We want to bring the Democratic party
into closer touch with the people and
make it more responsive to the popular
will. To accomplish that, a popular
method of nominating the next State
ticket, like the direct primary method,
must be adopted. That will give every
candidate a fair chance and satisfy the
public. A cut and dried convention non
ination will not satisfy the rank and
file of the party.
"Again, every public official in the
State should be elected by a direct vote
of the people. Our suffrage has been
restricted and there is no sound reason
why the Governor should appoint par
ish school boards, assessors and other
public officials. The people are capable
of electing their own officers, and by all
means should be permitted to (lo so.
Our governors should not be dictators.
Every unnecessary office should be abol
ished. The people are not rich enough
to pay taxes to support useless office
holders. Our common public schools de
mand a more liberal and generous sup
port. The State should give all of its
children a common school English edii
cation.
"These are some of the things which
we desire to see accomplished under the
next State administration. It is in order
for the candidates to come out in the
open and make their views known on
these and other public questions.
JUDGE PARKER, FORECAST FOR
PRESIDENT.
Judge Alton B. Parker of New York
is being groomed for the Democratic
presidential nomination. Richard Olney,
Cleveland's secretary of State, is also in
the hands of his friends with "your
Uncle Grover" in reserve to save the
party from the Bryanites, etc. It is said
that as goes New York so goes the
United States. If this he true and New
York should go Republican. who would
pull Judge Parker or Cleveland or cx
Secretary Olney from the debris? It is
said of Judge Parker that he is popular
with every wing of his party, never
having given offense to any faction, and
'hutsce his friends can .rely upon the
tinited strength of the Democracy in has
behalf. Not so with Cleveland, Bryan,
Hill.and many others on the anxioit=
seat. If Judge Parker has "never given
offense to any faction)" he must be
ready for political wings. He may he
side-tracked or he may be lost iti the
shifle. After all, Bryan's influence will
hi as powerfil in the tcxt Democratic
convention as Clevelanh and Hill and
Gor-man and Many others on the anx
ious seat, and should he say Judge
Parker, Parker will be the nominee and
may be the winner.
The Ruston Leader has trotted out on
the political sward General Leon Jas
tremski as a candidate for Governor of
Louisiana. In winding up a grand ed
itorial flourish the Leader says: "A
purer, braver or more patriotic man
than General Jastreemski does not
breathe today, and the public affairs of
Louisiana, which he has served so truly
and deotedly, could not be placed in
safer eands." And, my brother, what of
Blanchard, Michel, Broussard, Snyyder.
McLawrason, Saunders and others; and
tthers!
The thirteenth annual reunion of the
United Confederate Veterans will be
held in New Orleans beginning on Tues
day, May t9, and ending Friday, Ma
2a; inclusive. It will be the greatest of
all reunions and it will afford the
"Generals." the "Colonels. the "Ma
jors". and the "Captains" the greatest
opportunity for display. However, there
is soue conoolation in the reflection that
every old "Johnny Reb" will be wel
comned heartily without any distinction
of having been a "web-foot" or a butter
nile spd roasting-ear ranger.
Isaac W. )Miner of Council Bluffs, Ia.,
is -n trouble. He has been accused of
kidnapping Pearl Rambo, a girl who
weighs 5g6 pounds. ; The person who
:;ad# out how it was done can evidently
solve the riddle of the Sphiax.-CCom
mercial Appeal.
Seised on and carried away a\ girl of
5 pounds? Gee whiz! No wonder Mr.
Mine is iu trouble. Think of a girl who
ih pounds being kidnapped by
1M<. Minet. Is Me. Miner not satisfied?
` le 'po l: because the girl's
S is snot .95 pounds?
i.The COM y Appeal has observed
tha~t Abrpse S. Hewrt- left nothing ti
Charty, life llw ve~y naell that if h
s wil ~would be bro.a Accom d
I t -dam ietistoct, the man .o
of sounn
r a : ý
is the place to by holesale Prices bf(etter i5=lv .'.rp
ssupplies for least bnoneyi CL a iand maketiekrýip.Unt
also quickest shipments. 3u tto and noth'iierh firm.st
and save 1. to 40 per cent on everything you use. It can be done. Over 375,000 wide=awake, careful
buyers sent us their orders last month and got high grade, honest merchandise- the kind it pays to buy at a
big saving over usual prices. They were the people who knew the value of a dollar saved. You, too, can do it.
A FEW SPECIMEN VALUES are here shown, selected from our 110.page catalogue, which contains pictures
and prices on 70,000
articles of everyday use. KITCHEN LACE SEW IN,
TABLE CURTAINS rMachin
M! ORRIS CHAIR r A vers hanly M"de in imitation , e very lIt.
Made of golden oak or in tinme vpaee avi i rna k k r d
mahognany or weathered labor slver: m nidhitihi i i itron.
oak finish. Massive, heavy hardwood: top rInile goods. ('cen iel w ln*
carved and well-finished white. dframe ter ha r e utituld . - hdinsoiidoak,
frame reversibloecushions finished in the tashed desiinh -nd nice workis
covered with imported P.golden color. Y some ribbon and roarantweed for 1
figured velour plush: ad- drawers. 2 bins holding 50 lbs. of fitoror sug. floral horder. and Year. and is a
iustable back. An exceed sr each, and ± baking or meat boards. 26x46 edge woven to have m"st wonderful
inglyeomfurt. in. Weight.9tlbs. One of the the effect of the real ruffl-. 4u'i0 machine for the price Thu is
able chair. .5A..50 greatest genuine bargains ever $ 95 inches wide; 4 yards long. E-- $ *34 positively the lowest prire that$ .45
Retailers charge 18.00 to 610.00. offered. Dealers ask $4.50 to$5.50. reptional value for the price. any warranted machine is heiug
Order No. R72. Our Price .... Order No. R491. Our Price . . .. Order Number PlS . i . sold for. Order No. 1.4.50. Price,
We have everything in all grades, from the cheapest that's good to the best that's tmade. Write for
catalogue at once, enclosing 15 cents to help pay the postage.
Our a Mongo er Cuaft.eare . MCo higa Ave.
are the best endorsement of oturM nt o a c`d Co., Mcdison SAre., 4.
sood.. Premes and methods. JF UI4 IIt Iy A/ C Q'Mdsn tre. (L5J
WEATHER BULLETIN
The Cold, the Warmt and the Storm
Waves Forecasted.
(Copyrighted 1ot by W. T. Foster.)
St. Joseph, Mo., Feb. 7.--Last bulle
tin gave forecasts of disturbance to
cross the continent February to o i,
warmt wave 9 to 1t3, cool wave :2 to to.
Next disturbancee still reach the Pa
cific cast about February is. cross west
of the Rockies by close of it, great cen
tral valleys !7 to 1t. easteitn states 20.
I expect this storm to ero, the ciii
t'tentt far to northward with probably
a second center passing over the gulf
states, the two coming together in the
New England states about 21. forming
a severe storm that will make rough
weather on the Atlantic steamship route.
Warm wave will cross est of the
Rockies about February 15. great cen
tral valleys 17, eastern states t9. Cool
wave will cross west of Rockies about
February l8, great central valleys 20,
eastern states ,_.
This cool wave is ntt expected to be
severe. It will keep well o the north,
passing over the great lakes and east
ern Canade.
The disturbance otetitioned above cov
ering about one week including the
warmest part of February and the se
I ve:cst storms of the month.
The Cheyenne, Wyo., Leader recettt
ly said: "Again is Prof. Foster vindi
cated as a weather prophet. He iront
iseo uts a cold' wave this week with
suow, and we got it. The Cheyenne Ice
Company banked so absolutely on his
predictions that they made all their ar
rangements for cutting ice next liot
Following date of this bulletin a c id
wave will come down the Missouri and
proceed slowly eastward.
Tettperatare of weeek ending ieltr
ary tb. will average above and rainfall
below normal.
Fifty daily newspnpi rs were added
last week to the list that regularly puit
lish my weather bulletins, and hereafter
at least too papers will publish them
weekly. The list is rapidly growing and
how great the increase will be I can not
guess. Evidently my forecasts are gain
ing in favor with the people.
BRYAN'S VIEWS ON IMMOR
TALITY. .
The February National Magazine re
prints from a new book, The Proofs of
Lite After Death, this expression of the
vii ws of William Jennings Bryan on
immortality:
"I shall not believe that this life is
extinguished. If the Father deigns to
touch with divine power the cold and
pulseless heart of the buried acorn, and
make it to burst forth from its prison
wills, will He leave neglected in the
earth the soul of a man who was made
in the image of his Creator? If He
stoops to give, to the rose bush, whose
withered hlossomns float upon the breeze.
the sweet assurance of another spring
time, will He withhold the words of
hope from the sons of men when the
frosts of winter come? If matter, mute
and inanimate, though changed by the
forces of nature into a multitude of
forms, can never die, will the imperial
spirit of man suffer. annihilation after
it has paid a brief visit, like a royal
guest, to this tenement of clay?
"Rather let us believe that He, who
in His apparent prodigality wtstes not
the raindrop, the blade of grass. or the
evening's sighing zephyr, but makes
them all to carry out His plans, Has
given immortality to the mortal."
THE FEBRUARY AMERICAN BOY.
The February number of The Ameri
can Boy is before us. It is rich in illus
tration, story and anecdote and full of
practical and helpful hints for American
boys. The friends of this unique period
ical will be pleased to know that it has
passed the moo,ooo mark in circulation
truly a great achievement. A full page
illustration of an ice boat going at full
speed adorns the front cover. It is an
inspiring picture. The seventh install
mrentL of the lft of Napolce. Bonaparte
s 1 4Ib f hpAeia
TFI)')Y IN PETTY POLITICS.
It was atnounced from Washington.
I). C., a fc. days since that John i).
l'Rcke rfeier had sent telegrams to Six
puoittn et senators who were directed
to tippi se l atit-t:i't legislation in the
['tittied Sln s ter te. These telegrena.
it ::ppt rs. \1'r .e he order oft coot
nintds. Ilt the walle telegraphic conntn
it wva antotuttced that President Roose
velt winid call an extra sestiti of C(on
, i f il' i : measuri Alf relief is at
e.. :1 bh, ±he ltrteselt ht'dy. Bt1t <ince
then ti" rt- 11;s h n emphatic- ''eni-:
by Reckufelier of the teleigraillsaiieized
to have been sent by himt as indicated
hir ;o e tile lMemphis Commercial
.1po~eai as fillows:
\Vasimiigton. Feb. o.-(Staff Special)
--iThe story that Jothun 1). Roce feller of
the Standard Oil trust sent several <en
ators telegrams urging the defeat of the
publicity amnendmeut to the anti-trust
hill camte from the White house in an
indirect way. It seems that six senattrs
did receive owte etrir mtns si-net li\
Rockefeller cud other, hy hii orey
[he iti ini'mtrtion m'rtiiur:uted tie
pl5,icatio' or n~f the story lu etzi ttito i
snm1% -,11 of m -ru t k ih i ill
hours of s-aving a;Iter Coupti itl
0 u ve th 1'11:' Presidetlc 's :'t untt ied
posili In lt: a hec vilndicated. At best
the ýtarv asitS discredited. ont snit'
luetnt de lt ii p'nltts sent ti show thli:t
there is at least 'onte fotmnlatitm for it.
is it possiil' th::t 'leddy has towered
himtsel f to the plane of the ward heel r?
t ;l (\ RI \ 0T "\ C \Nt I'l'I 1'.
('ircioutr:ti. ().. Ftdb. 0. a rt'snt n., t
1 direct iaqtuirv is to ohletiter lie le:' a
eandidat e or v'ittld accept ithtitter iti Om
intoltinl for int trcidtence tihe filb intg
has hert receied fromt f'rer Prtim
dent Grieevr (:levcltnd:
P'rince'ton. Feb. ( . t10;" int the tai
ittor of the Times-Star. Cinci~nnati. ()-
tile 4th instalnt :iskinst "It A!', behalf 'If
the finets-Star for an extiresssltl re
garding my intentions at related it the
next I)emoer:tiic ntnttltitn for tie
presidency. I ct i not possihliy lring lmly
mind to the tielief that a condititn or
sentiment exist. that mnakes any expres
sion from It' oit the siltject of the last
importance. Yours very tLtly.
OROVER CLEVEL.ANI .
FERTILIZER LAW VIOLATED.
A special to the Picayune dated BI Lon
Rouge, Feb. 10. says: The first viola
tion of the n'w fertilizer law has been
reported to the agricultural department.
It was in a shipment to H. B. Schreiher
& Bro., through the Union Oil Company
of Greenville. Miss. Chas. H. O'1ourke.
State Inspector of Fertilizers, found a
lot of this shipment untagged at Inde
pendence, and promptly reported it to
Major Lee. It was part of a thirty-ton
shipment. Major Lee immediately in
sary legal steps to prosecute the violator I
structed Mr. O'Rourke to take neces
and vindicate the law. The case will b:
placed in the hands of the district at
torney of Tangipahoa parish and the
nntagged fertilizer will be seized. Major
Lee is determined to uphold this law. It
has operated with perfect satisfaction
and has proven a great benefit to the
agricultural interests of the State.
GUILTY` OF MANSLAUGHTER.
Toot Patterson, colored, tried by j ry
was found guilty of manslaughter. He
was connected with the killing of a ne
gro horse thief who was arrested in
Ward Eight by several negroes, and who
on attempting to escape was killed and
his body thrown into the river, where
it was afterwards found. Peterson, one
of the men implicated -in this killing.
has been commuted to a life sentence in
the pen. The acquittal of Patterson w s
anticipated.
NO'1 ICE.
Lost or mislaid. two miortgage iotes
of Henry Brimmer, date iiu-eust i.
190o. for two hundred and twenty-hive i
dollars ($25o.oo) each. due one and two
years from date to the order of Foster
R.toltson. The said notes have been I
me rang r" by >~ A. Leon
*~~~ ~~ - ýc r e'I A: iw
THEI CRAWFORI) tASE.
He case of I r. G. B. Craw ford anl
hi, nin. 1Dr. C. C. Crawford. was called
fir trial \cscr(Iai, hot was continued
on aceunit of the ali'nce (111 material
winicscs who iiiac hi sceired today.
1Dr. Crani ford :ml his sin are indicted
fir the iutrder if J. II. Vickcrs in the
Mlanhattanl .aloon, opposite the postof
lice. 'lai C:' promises to Ie one of the
11oi"t lint( re "1ing t ýiei it thin city lit
El .STXFl I \IPPO1NITE!).
i. . IUl tiier lhae been rc-appointeil
Sil!". Sta ihinti atll eioc for the
N intrict of i nlu bini Rills,
Washington, Fel. 11.-The house
spent practically the entire day Mon
day upon two District of Columbi
bills, one to authorize the govern
ment to adlvani $66.00oki0 to the 1is
trict and t he ot her to eonfe rene re
port on the nil n station bill. The
former was ii. ueted and tte latter
sent back to conference after a nto
tion to recede from the ariendiment
to the house to cot down th" appro
priatioti for the Pennsylvania and
Baltimore and Ohin railroads from
$1.*i00.0oi to $1*000,tkl)t0 had tmen vot el
down
i'roteit .15,nit Smo io'
Washington. Feb 11.-Senator Bur
rows. chairian of the cemmittee on
privileges and elections has reeivel a
protest against tht scating of Reel
Smon: a: a senator from Utah on the
gron: lei he is an atiostle of tiht 'n:moln
chiirrhi and that as sint' ho shotM! not
represent the people of (tah in t1i
ten ate The dI: intent is volitni in'li
a n t q u o ! ,e s l i b e rn . £ r o n0 "1 ,31 0 1t S
Wa-hinrton. Felt 11 - What in
known as he l'iiilli'pincs\ ::1 dtialt
bill was signed by the iresilent atndt
is now a law
ClrobhabllP ft'ilitromtis,'.
Topeka, Kan.. Feb. 11--Vice Presi
dent Kenrit-ik of the Santa l'e i, in
confcence with the trainmen of the
road in connection with an Increase in
wag's. They demand 't1 per cent. vi't
it is thought a compromise will he
effected on a basis of 15 per cent.
Louisiana Po4stmastOer.
WashingtonFeb I .--Amy C. RWlly
has been appointed postmaster at Clini
ton, La.
No Plague There.
San Francisco. Feb. 11.-Regardless
of all the controversies that have ex
Isted as to whether there were cases
of bubonic plague In San Francisco. It
Is agreed by all the medical men that
there is not of the disease In San Fran
cisco now, and that all the danger, if
any ever existed, has long been pass
ed.
Formally DenteA
Paris, Feb. 11.-The Turkish embas
sy has Issued a statement saying it
authorized to formally deny the repo -
ed mobilization of troops in the El'
pean provinces of the Turkish em'
New Code of Rules.
Philadelphia, Feb. 11.-In conse
quence of the wreck at Graceland, N.
J., on the New Jersey Central railroad,
recently, the adoption of an entire set
of new and revised rules to govern the
dispatching and operation of passenger
and freight trains on the joint Read
ing and Jersey Central system has been
decided, at a meeting held at the op
erating offices of both roads.
We want to do your printin..
5 Ful ONLY Ful ElRS
'iBottles NL 4 RPRESEPAID
OLDSCOLDEN AGE
COUNTYMv WH ISKE Y
e,theDlstlllers, guarantee th 'gegoos to)b purr a -.re
old. Nonebett'r at any pricf'. We will ship in W iu br- to .y
address, EXPRESS PREPAID, at the follow s di tirlg. 'e III pri
5 Full Bottles $3.45. 10Full Bottles $6,55. 12 Full Bottles $7.90.
15 Full Bottles $9.70. 25 Full Bottles $15.90
)pre glass and corkscrew in svsry box. Your monry b.eck iZ not aO r..r nd.w I
AXEI WAiN 5CPPLY CO.. 665 Maia t.. )lrmphkl, Taen.
MARRIED
.11iss Tixcattie thiwiv h illa Mr,
,nn li. \\'ls n.
On A\ edncedac v aft rnoon, F
4. It the residence of the bride',
Vis lTvtoaie Biitc vs and Mr'
i (;. \ )it 'are married
r. ( ' cnick. iI1 the ireence of
rindsof relats ad friends.
i slth, danch,:rr of Mr. and Mr
Th-shes~~~ :r - -a h," lovelie
herr an:! acv mpt~i-hi d the groc
S!nimtl if it!~ W. F. TaIlor
a-11 is h hd ill the i~'highet esteei
friends.
\e fcitcit:c the happy co
it ir thcir n.i'it ,el iti wi thrs
r, nratulati us.. May tihe,' liv
pf04tWYr and he 1:1ppiy a Wt-;V$.
LOCATED IN AllNDE
Thr\ Webter t itnl L pbleL
\lindon. ,a, ": 1t . (. Van
Shrce-eport ha, 1-wte ;t, here
igrn the broker:ce butsine
man Of :tiTalte
ita rt4 plr tf scl i rtti ". i ai i will
n c: ed ;n huilding n}1 a profi
ners, I tli t tl f s tinh ea
\lid the ai :alt ial ioina h
their e'itirit i of gold wish4
SYNDI( S SALE.
N t iv 1 'ii itr t Coi r
t itit iti f i t of totii
-h1 r : . ` . \ .
wcP lit If cif titrihlci t qu
c ili iiiitg ii \il zti r11 '
I ii i : ttt
Ir,! I tt of-ette
l'tlt. M. i
I oi 0 ah~ li IS Vh. redr
i' l ;lanr it I ag is - itftis, vi$
Nnircttividt d i nt fil irth in9
:ittl to *he, zenthli part of 'iou1thw
ter of unr thi ves~lt~l l-uarte andie(1
of fr~actionll~ .4outhea t smarter
,ico-t quarter, ails fr~acttional
of "nuiiithesl t qarter of ,othwet i
to .r~ c a nd nonbivc-J ,;arte~r of
guartericr amid fractional ,vest
sortc h ar t af ttn t.r of i titllt lest
and Hnthw,'t anarter of
< nartcr of secton thirty-fiveI
northeast quarter of sontheas -
anti the south part of in~tetion,
(.:1> piarter of northeas~t que
soultheast -smarter of .tiuthear
and fraeliannal - titthw'est (1
couthe li' t o nan cr .Ind fractig
cuit ,Il *<e! of .nd iI rsc ' t111rt?
tion thirt, -t r, ii . ll Iii tow
r-angie
\n ! tit; northtc. t tluarter,
east tpnrwr ni of ctionl three,
tionial nor.th oc-t <,snarler if
quarter o f vcttl n two. north
wev hal f : nd it noirthne:Mt (qtt
,v '- h alf of ga n ore: ai (lttlaa 111 f nortteas
of sectiont three. 1~in1hip 111,ý
conta:Fting ill all alt a rcre, hk
embat" tal t nlaino t tit,
Te'rmst of ,ale th
1'. J. liT `;"!.(: .\\ l,
Feb. . 1(;03.
Onc mnorlgagc mite for $43.
lhreccepart. I.:t.. uin . t_. 1899
s'car, after date, tnavabhle to
of .i. C urric antl ,ign4`l hp
I ilhalnl 111c puiblic 1, war
track' forl aillc.
F .1 l IN
Tilt ('ulcasiam livces nn to it