. DREYPUSS & CO.
WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
Ooods, Boots, Shoes and Hats.
RNER SPRING AND CROCKETT STREETS.
PT ATTENTION TO COUNTRY ORDERS.
HERMAN LOEB
DEALER IN
Wool, Tallow, Beeswax, Furs.
CE STREET, NEXT TO V. S. & P. RAILWAY.
SHREVEPORT. LA.
ee to tohe sellers the best prices obtained in St. Louis, New
jcksburg, Galveston and Houston markets. Prompt returns.
ten a Moment."
I have the completest stock of M
niture, Matting, Rugs
.... and Linoleums
I will make it to your interest to call and see me before you buy.
you call whether you buy or not. No trouble to show goods.
J. A. Stephenson.
R E MERCATIL iMP. C(0 LTD.
Wholesale Dealers in All Kinds of
Produce, Field and
Garden Seeds.
of SHREVEPORT STEAM BOTTLING
RKS and SHREVEPORT STEAM
CANDY FACTORY.
125 Texas Street, Shreveport, La.
i n ...
good printing-commercial printing of value, we are ready
d*t The 'kind of printing we do is good printing.
ha who wants good printing should bear in mind that
we do is always good-the cheapest kind after all.
`s a Specialty.
forinting booklets, folders, circulars, cards, bill heads,
heads and everything which can be printed are fair
ing much cheaper, taking in consideration the style
is generally paid for careless, ordinary or common
Ring up wooo.
& Carney Bros. Printing Co.
ATIONS
zaor 612metbe. 638e sa
441la, L w 'i3'UN 5. . sW E
ASW.Wda, th *.2U.LW." 3W."A.SLth~. 8
rant',
ing.
71i~ WITH
frs
Dr. E. G. ALLEN,
COOPER BUILDING.
Rooms 54 and z6, First Floor.
Residdw 728 Cotton St
OFt HOURS:
to and 5 to 7 p.m.
Falls left at Palaer Diag Co. and
Carter Drug Co. promptly attendted to.
O(ike Phsee 158; Realdonce, 644
E. W. Sutherlin. Thos. C. Barret.
Sithilia 4 Barrol,
TALMAGE
SERMON
aytRs.
FRANK DE WITT, TALMAGE.D.D..
Pastor of Jefferson Park Presby
terian Church, Chicago
Chicago. March 29. - This sermon
administers a severe rebuke to fault
finders, gossips, slanderers and scan
dal mongers and shows by contrast
how Christlike it is to be generously
silent rather than censorious in deal
ing with the weaknesses of others. The
text is II Samuel i. 20, "Tell it not in
Gath; publish it not in the streets of
Askelon."
"Silence," once wrote a trenchant
and poetic author, "is only music
asleep." By the grace of God I would
prove that gospel silence may be mu
sical without being always somnolence.
It is often gospel harmonies wide
awake and in full diapason. The gold
en lips of silence can sometimes be
more eloquent in their gospel signifi
cance than the silver tongue of speech.
There is great excitement in the Da
vidic encampment. A sentinel sees a
courier at full speed running down the
valley. Coming nearer. he calls out
with panting voices "Tidings, my lord
tidings for the new king!" From the
different tents the swarthy limbed sol
diers, who were resting from the con
quests over the Amalekites. swarm
forth. They lead the new arrival to
the young commander. There he pros
trates himself upon the ground. He
announces that Saul has been defeated
and has committed suicide: Jonathan
has been slain. The empty throne is
now ready for its new occupant, the
conqueror of the mighty Philistine, Go
lath. What was the result? Did Da
vid tell his followers to exult over the
fallen king? Did he say to his com
panions in arm: "Good for Saul! His
defeat served him right. Divine jus
tice has avenged my wrongs. He had
no business to try to kill me to satisfy
his jealousy. He had no right to drive
me into exile. He should not have be
come an apostate and defied the divine
power which had anointed him king of
Israel?" No! David had the silver
tongue of speech. No psalmist ever
sang sweeter than this sweet singer of
Israel. But David had the golden lips
of gospel silence. He lifted his hand
in warning. He practically said this:
"Do not exult over your fallen king.
Do not advertise his faults to the world
lest the uncircumcised Philistines re
joice. Do not sneer at God's anointed.
Let his faults be buried in his tomb.
Only remember and talk about his good
qualities. Tell it not in Gath: publish
it not in the streets ; of Askelon."
Would that we, one and all, might be
as charitable in our comments upon
those who have sinned and wronged
us as David was with Saul. Would
that we might talk only about the good
qualities of those with whom we come
in contact and not examine a man's
faults with the magnifying power of
a microscope and study his virtues
with the minifying power of the in
verted end of a telescope. Would that
we might cease to write our human
commendations in the sands, which
are washed out by the rising tides in a
day, and that we might rather chisel
our commendations in the solid rocks,
which shall publish them forever.
Golden Lips of Uilepce.
The golden lips of gospel silence
never banquet upon carrion. We 4pow
that a healthful physlcal body has to
draw Its strength from clean provender.
If a piece of meat is decomposed and
microscopically diseased. It will make
unclean any body Into which it is ab
sorbed. When one of the presidents
elect, many years ago, was about to
be inaugurated. his enemies tried to
pwlsti him. They-placed-poisonin the
food In a certain hotel where he was
stopping at the time In the city of
Washington. Scores and. I believe,
hundreds of guests eating at that hotel
were poisoned. Some of the guests lost
their lives. Many more were doomed
to a lifetime of suffering invalidism.
The president elect did not suffer, be
cause at that dinner he did not take
pay of the poisoned food. Only the
ravens and the buzzards could feast
upon the carcasses floating about
Noah's ark; not the dove with her
wings covered with silver and her
feathers with yellow gold. What Is
true in reference to the phlysleal body
is also true in reference to the mind
and the spirit..If we allow our thoughts
to feed upon what is depraved In other
men's characters, then our ,thoughts
will themselves become depraved. If
we allow our lips to revel in uttering
the scandals and describing the weak
nesses and the sins of our neighbors
or friends or. enemies, then our own
tongues will become defied.
This law-that what we let our minds
feed upon decides what our minds are
to be-is irrevocable and all powerful.
it is so farreaching In its results that
Jesus. in the gospel of Matthew, de
clares that he will condemn 'us not
only for our evil actions, but also for
our evil thoughts. "Ye have heard that
it was said by them of old, Thou shalt
not commit adultery. But I say untc
you that whosoever looketh on a wom
an to lust after her hath committed
adultery with her already in his heart"
We are to be condemned not only for
what we say and do, but also for what
Fe think.
"Oh. no," says some hearer. "That is
not square. A man should not be con
demned for what he thinks. The
thought action of the brain Is abso
lutely Involuntary. We think in qpite
of ourselves. We sin only when we
ealey oet the ,e't deirer. of our souls.
SWe dii nom' ala seiauity whrun we
mistaken. A man can indirectly gov
ern his thoughts, as he can directly
govern his actions. If a man allows
his eye only to see pure pictures and
to read good books, his ear to hear only
what is good and true in reference to
his fellow men; if a man allows his
tongue to repeat only that which is
generous and loving and gentle-that
man's mind and spirit will become
true and good. If his mind becomes
pure, then his thoughts and his de
sires will become pure, as well as his
actions.
Reaching For Iofty Ideals.
A man cannot lift himself up by pull
ing at his boot straps. He must have
a pure ideal to draw him out of him
self. When Munkacsy's famous. pic
ture, "Christ Before Pilate," was being
exhibited in one of our American cit
ies, an unkempt and filthy looking man
was one day seen to enter the room
and to stand and look for hours upon
the sad and beautiful face of the Sa
viour. At first he stood before that
painting with his hat npon his head;
then, as the spirit of the picture began
to take possession of him, he reached
up and removed his hat. The follow
ing day the man came back, but this
time he had washed his face and his
hands. Next day be came again and
I stood before the picture. This day he
had his clothes cleaned. Day after
day, as long as that picture was in the
city, this man came, each time im
proved in apparel, each time with more
of divine light and love flooding his
heart and soul. My brothers, if we
reach up for lofty ideals those ideals
will lift us up. If we only see and talk
about the depravities in our brother's
nature, those evil deeds will drag us
down.
I The golden lips of gospel silence are
often just as important for our spirit
ual development as the silver tongue
of speech. Joseph Addison, the great
English author and critic, once gave a
description of his feelings when listen
ing to a masterpiece rendered by a
noted orchestra. He said that he was
not so much impressed with the great
tidal waves of sound which dashed
themselves against his eardrums as
the waves of the mighty deep in mid
winter beat against the Holland dikes
or with the volume of mingled sounds,
as when the voices of the celestials
seemed to blend with the voices of the
terrestrials, as he was impressed with
the deep silence which suddenly en
sued when the orchestra leader lifted
bis baton in the midst of* the piece and
commanded his musicians to halt. "Me
thought," he wrote, "this short inter
val of silence had more music in it
than any short space of time before or
after it." The most eloquent passages
of our spiritual development may of
ten be found when we press the golden
lips of gospel silence against our neigh
bor's faults, when we are dumb and
say nothing, absolutely nothing.
Scandals Publish Themselves.
The golden lips of gospel silence
should remain closed because, as a
rule, it is not necessary to emphasize
scandals. Scandals are always loud
I voiced. They publish themselves. As
I speak some one sitting in a pew has
been saying to himself: "Is it not right
to denounce other people's faults?
Shall we not warn our friends against
these sins? Shall we not point out
men's errors as well as their virtues?
Did not Paul write to young Timothy
enjoining him to rebuke as well as to
exhort, to reprove as well as preach
the word?" Yes, that is true; but, as
a rule, when a man sins he does not
find a very great lack of reprdvers and
rebukers, while there is generally a
great scarcity of exhorters and encour
agers when he does right
The late Dr. Joseph Parker, the great
London preacher, once said: "The aver
age newspaper prefers not to print
that which is only commendatory. If
I should arise this morning and preach
the most eloquent evangelistic sermon
ever delivered from any English pul
pit, no special notice would be taken
of the same, but if I should preach in
an alpaca coat and stand under an
open umbrella, which I might hold ii
my left hand, every newspaper In Aus
tralia, New Zealand, America or the
British isles would have an account of
the same tomorrow morning." Fur
thermore, in every community there
are scores of men and women who
consider themselves self appointed
messengers of evil. They are even
willing to leave the honue on wash
Monday or on Saturday afternoon.
when they ought to be preparing for
the sacred Sabbath, if they can only
peddle some story of Satanic gossip
about the neighborhood. And so, my
brother, you need not be afraid that
enough condemnatory emi hasis will
not be placed upon your neighbor's
faults. The simple fact is. if some of
us do not tell and systematically talk
about our neighbors' virtues, the sin
ful world may come to the conclusion
that they have no virtues; that they
are startling examples of total deprav
ity through and through.
A clean heart instinctively finds some
good in every man's nature. A honey
bee always scents the flower. It is the
firefly of the night who loves to light
his little lantern and to hunt for the
creeping vermin in the quagmire and
in the disease breeding recesses of the
miasmatic swamp. An old and yet a
very suggestive story goes thus: Oqe
day a wagon was driven up a country
road in front of a Pennsylvania farm
house. The driver had all his children
and goods and chattels in his vehicle.
He was moving and wanted to find a
new home. He called out to a Quaker
tarmer sitting upon the porch: "Stran
ger, what kind of people live in the
next town-I meap in that town which
Is just over the hill? I want to settle
there." "Well, friend." answered the
Quaker farmer. "what kind of people
did thee leave in the place from whence
thee came?" "Oh." replied the farmer,
"they were the meanest people on
earth. Every one of them _would stab
you in the book if be eould. They
ImRI4 eba Je ~ u ortra
I never could get to like them. That
is the reason I am leaving and trying
to And a new home." "Friend," an
swered the old Quaker farmer, "thee
will find the same kind of people living
in the next town." Next day another
emigrant drove up to the same farm
house. He asked the same question.
"Friend," asked the Quaker farmer,
"what kind of people did thee leave in
the place from whence thee came?"
"Oh," answered this new arrival. "they
were the kindest, the dearest people on
earth. I would never have left them.
but my dear wife died. Then the old
homestead became intolerable. Every
room reminded me of her. Every friend
would open the bleeding wound of my
heart. I could not believe that any
people could ever be so kind as my
old neighbors were during my late
trouble." "Friend," answered the Qua
ker farmer, "thee will find the same
kind of neighbors in the next town as
in the place from whence thee came."
Speak Only of the Good.
Like the old Quaker farmer, I would
declare that each hearer can find good
in all men or bad in all men just in
proportion as his own heart is good or
bad. And if we have any good in our
own makeup it is vesy important that
we have the "silver tongue of speech"
in order to talk about other people's
virtues. Let others, if they will, ad
vertise the errors; we will only speak
about the good.
The golden lips of gospel silence nev
er foolishly whisper sinful tales into
the ears of wrongdoers by. which they
shall try to justify their own sins. A
good example is infectious. When Mr.
Beecher was a young pastor In Indiana,
he made up his mind that he would
try to preach the love of God from a
flower garden as well as from his pul
pit. He laid out his parsonage grounds
in rows of roses and geraniums, vio
lets and hydrangeas. One year he
planted a bed of over 3,000 hyacinths.
At first the village people in great
wonderment would come and look at
his garden. Then they would solilo
quize. "Why cannot we have flowers
in our front yards?" After awhile the
little flower gardens began to grow ev
erywhere-here one, there another. At
last Mr. Beecher was able to say pub
licly, "Let your flowers so shine that
men, seeing how beautiful they are,
will go and make gardens for them
selves." The young preacher's love of
flowers began to take root and blossom
in many hearts.
What is true in reference to the in
fection of a good example is also true
of the infection of a bad example.
Some of the toll keepers in New Zea
land have trained sheep, which, for a
small consideration, they let out to the
sheep drovers to lead their flocks of
sheep across the bridges which span
the rivers or the ravines. When the
sheep which are being driven to mar
ket come up to these bridges, they are
frightened and will not go over. Then
these trained sheep come to the head
of the flock and lead the way. When
the untrained sheep see that some of
their number can cross the bridge,
with a steady rush they follow after
their leaders. There are scores and
hundreds and thousands of men and
women who want to do wrong. They
are afraid to do wrong. But when
they hear of the shortcoudings of their
fellow men, they say to themselves:
"Well, if So-and-so can sow ,his wild
oats, I guess we can. If So-and-so can
safely cross the rickety bridge span
ning the river of death, I guess we can
also trust ourselves upon the swinging
span. Here goes!" "Tinder is not
more apt to take fire," once wrote
Phillips Brooks, "nor wax to take the
impression of the seal nor paper the
ink than youth is to follow ill exam
ples." "When the abbot throws the
dice," goes an old legend, "the whole
convent will gamble also." The reason
the Chinese ladies of today crush' and
distort their feet is because centuries
ago a Chinese empress was born with
deformed feet, and they are Imitating
the deformity. Everywhere we find
that when a great man does wrong his
evilconduct is taken as-an-example, -or
rather as an excuse, for hundreds and
thousands of similar sins.
The Artist's Masterpiece.
Never give any man a chance by the
recital of some wrong or sin to turn his
face for one instant from purity and
right. When Leonardo da Vinci fin
-ished his great painting, the "Last
Supper," he made a cup which was a
masterpiece. In form and character
and in the luster of the precious metal
this central cup was clearly and beau
tifully wrought out. The common
braise which was first heard from ev
ery lip was this: "How marvelous is the
art displayed in the wine cup." This
eulogium so Incensed the great Italian
artist that he took a great brush and
blotted out the splendid cup as he said:
"I meant the face of Jesus Christ to
be the only and the central and the
most important part of that picture.
Whatever draws away the eyes of the
beholder from that must be blotted
out" And so whatever draws away
the thoughts and the desires of our
hearers and companions from truth
and purity and love must be blotted
out And mark you this, my brother.
in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred
no man is as good a man after hearing
the rehearsal of a scandal or a sin as
he was before. There may be excep
tions. There may be times when peo
ple, by illustration, ought to have the
red light of warning flashed before
their eyes. But in ninety-nine cases
out of a hundred a man's spiritual life
is developed better by hearing of the
Virtues and self sacrifices and Chris
tian purities of his fellow men than by
wallowing in the mud of scandal and
of sin.
The golden lips of gospel silence
never demean their owner in the eyes
of his fellow men. When people sit
around and hear him talk, if he does
talk, they say to themselves: "Well. I
do not know whether he is a good or a
bad niu. One thing I do know-he :i
j hspeaksi well of everybody. That
is certainly a good characteristic. A
teel that I can trust him on that ac
^ount. I always like him around. I
know when I am absent he will speak
well of me, as he does of others." On
the other hand, when a man has not
the golden lips of gospel silence people
say of him: "I do not like tiat man.
He may be good, kind and true, but he
certainly has a poor way of showing
it. You cannot be in his company five
minutes before he is harshly criticising
some one. He criticises his wife, his
mother, his employer, his absent frienA
as well as his absent enemy. I always
feel when I am with him that he is
watching me, so that he can harshly
criticise me when my back is turned.
I do not like such a man around."
This harsh criticism which we may
utter against our neighbors always has
a bad reactionary effect upon those
who make it. Therefore if we want to
have a great influence for good it is
very essential for us. for the most part.
to talk only about the virtues and the
good qualities of those with whom we
come in contact. The best recon:ien
dation that a gospel minister can have
is that he speaks well of other minis
ters; a lawyer, that he speaks well of
lawyers; a doctor, that he has a kind
word to speak about his brother physi
clans; a wife, that she speaks well of
other wives and other wives' children;
a servant, that she speaks well of her
late mistresses. And yet the strange
fact of life is many of us think we are
enhancing the value of our reputations
when we are picking flaws in the repu
tations of others.
The Folly of Samson.
Blind Samson tumbled down the Da
gon temple upon the heads of the 3,000
Philistines. But when Samson de
stroyed the enemies of his people he
also destroyed himself. So when we
attempt by harsh criticism to destroy
others we contribute to our own de
struction. When a party of Alpine
climbers wish to ascend the dizzy
heights, they bind themselves togeth
er with a long rope. Slowly and cau
tiously they creep over the glaciers
and stand upon the edge of the black
and yawning crevasses. If one of their
number falls, the others must be very
quick of action. They must not only
bury their spiked heels in the ice, but
they must Jam in the ice staffs also.
They know that if they cannot keep
their brother from falling he may drag
the whole party with him into the
opened jaws of death. We are all, in
one sense, bound together In this jour
ney of life. When we try to fling a
brother down, there is a jerk at our
own belts. To a greater or less extent
we will be dragged down. But when
we try by the golden lips of gospel si
lence to screen a fallen brother and
make it easier for him to recover and
when we refuse to advertise his faults
we ourselves are helped up in the
struggle of life. We help ourselves
when we try to shield our fallen breth
ren.
ren.
The golden lips of gospel silence nev
er intentionally speak a harsh word
against a sinful neighbor. Why?
Their owner knows that in the sight
of God he is a sinner and that as a
lost sheep he has erred and strayed
far from the divine pasturage. The
better a Christian is the more he real
izes the enormity of his own sins, the
more inclined he is to be less harsh
upon the sins of others. When Paul
first had his blind eyes opened by the
good Ananias, he was able, to some ex
tent, to see his own faults. He wrote.
"I am the least of the apostles." Then
Paul went on in his spiritual growth.
He saw his past blacker and blacker
in the eyes of God. Then he wrote,
"Unto me, who am less than the least
of all the saints." Paul went on
growing higher and higher in spiritual
life until at last, just before his mar
tyrdom, he could cry out in rapture,
"This is a faithful saying and worthy
of all acceptation-that Christ Jesus
came into the world to save sinners,
of whom I am chief." Oh, my brother,
by prayer and consecration and by
grace cannot and will not you come so
near tu God that you will tease to eon
demn your fellow men? Cease because,
like Paul, you can feel that you are the
chief of sinners?
Would that every one of us could
have the beautiful eulogy passed upon
us which President John Adams once
passed upon his great predecessor.
When the sage of Massachusetts stood
for the first time before Stuart's fa
mous picture of Washington. he said,
"There was a man who when occasion
required knew enough and had self
control enough to keep his mouth shut
and say nothing." When we hear peo
ple harshly criticised. may we, in the
name of Christ. say nothing or only, if
necessary. speak up in their behalf as
Christ would have us speak. May we
learn this lesson not by standing be
fore the picture of an earthly hero, bu4
by the tomb of a martyred Lord.
[Copyright, 1903, by Louis Klopsch.¶
Slapdash Insurance.
There is a great increase in England
of life insurance without medical ex
amination, a system highly praised by
some experts.
Broadly stated, the position of the
companies which seek the business is
that the benefit of selection in keeping
down 'the death rate exhausts itself in
the first few years, and thereafter the
mortality is above average.
If policies were issued to the first
10,000 apparently healthy men met III
the street by agents of the company,
the mortality of the group would be
much the same as that of 10,000 in
sured lives of similar ages who hat
passed a strict examination five years
previously.
Accordingly in risks taken withou*
examination an extra charge of $4 per
$500 is made for the first year and $2
extra for the next two years, the rate
after that being normal; or a proviso is
made that in case of death within five
years only a part of the premium is `o
be paid. 'ith tlhs'e preeauto's tli
business is consider.: conservative.