$1ARMSWORT1H HOME.
ENGLISH EDITOR HAS LARGE ESTATE
IN SURREY.
PIs Meteoric Rise to the Head of
English Journalism - How Mrs.
Harmsworth Aided In Her Hus
band's Enterprises.
[Spccial (crrespcniert ]
SrnRET, England. Jan. 14. - Tb.
people of this town and county are
much interested in the furore their
fellow citizen. Alfred G. Ilarmsworth.
Is creating in America and in Amer
Iean newspaper circles. Mr. Harms
worth's resuience and large interests
In the neighborhood have made the
people here feel that he is in a meas
ure their lersonal pr( ierty. The re
colition acc rded him by thy le 1opl. of
the Unite.! States has been of so cor
From latet photo.
ALFRED 0 HARMEWORTH.
dial a nature that many Surrey folk
are thinking of going there and starting
In the newspaper business themselves.
Mr. Har.-isworth's home here in Sur
rey is known as Sutton Place. The
manor and estate was purchased by
him recently, and it eclipses almost all
others in the British isles in size and
historic r0b-rest. It Is situated (our
miles from '7uilford and an equal his
tance from Wl(oking. It is also with
in easy readi uf London.
Sutton Place is one of the otlest
existing noncastellated residence- in
England. It was one of the first man
or houses built after the feudal age.
when the ioesd of dlefi use seemed to
have passed away. The estate was
given by Henry VIII to Sir Henry
Weston. one of his privy councilcrs.
who began the construction of the
house in 1323. An extraordinary fact
is that from the time of Ilehry VIII
,nntil it recently passed into Mr.
Hlarmnsworth's possession It had re
juainsd continuously in the same fani
ily. Another reumarkable fact Is that,
although the Westons were devout
t'atholies and royalists. their house.
within a half hisur's walk of a stout
Puritan towtn and likewise close to
Winchester and Rasinghouse. has not
an escutcheon defaced or a window
broken after all the religious and po
Iltical revolutions through whiell it has
passed.
Mr. Harmsworth attributes much of
his success in the various ventures he
kas been connected with to the splen
did business qualities of his brother
Harold. who will shortly visit the Unit
ed States, and to the work and sug
gestions of his wife. Harold Harms
worth is some three years younger
than his brother. It was lie who made
the deal in paper prior to the Boer
war by which the Harmsworth family
netted an enormous sum. In addition
there are Cecil Harmsworth, Leicester
Harmsworth, now member of parlia
ment for Caithness, Hildebrand
Harmsworth and St. John Ilarnms
worth, a remarkable and dkevoted band
of brothers, who are all taking an
active part in the management of the
thirty odd papers and magazines un
der the control of the family.
Mrs. Alfred Harmsworth is a charm
ing woman. She is a tall, typical Eng
Vins a ramt -p shot.
VARMSWORTR'B COUNTRY ROUSE IN KENT,
ENGLAND.
I1sb beauty. Her manner is English In
ats graciousnep: her voice is English
In its well bred softness and the beauty
of its fluctuations. She has helped
In the smallest as well as the largest
ot her husband's undertakings and has
ubdeared herself to the Surrey folk by
tier unaffectedness and her hospitality.
Mr. Harmsworth's rise to the ranks
of the multlimillionaires has been term
ed ibeteoric by those associated with
hlim io his different enterprises. Twelve
yeirs ago he had not a penny other
pan his unateady earnings at story
writing. In May, 1888, he conceived
the Idea of starting the periodical
known then as "Answers to Corre
spondents." Of the first number only
. 1.300 cpies were sold. The proprie
tor then concluded that the name was
too long; and cut it down to Answers.
Then the paper commenced to move
ahead slowly lut surely and in the lat
ter part of 11'P hadl a weekly circula
tion of 4 AKKI.
The greatest hit of all was yet to
cone. In Tanui:ry. I1 Mr. IIarmc
worth aunounci d that Answers would
rive ono pound a week for life to the
person guesting nearest to the amount
of money in the Rank of England at
a stated tiie. Each comipY.titor 'as
obliged to attach to his guets the name
and address of five friends. In this
manner the paper was brought to the
attention of Ib tween ti-e :s ~ four
million rseo'l . ihany of wi hiii sot .
became sul scrihers. The success of
Answers as a money ma:ring concern
was now established, and it supplied
the capital enabling Mr. lHarmsworth
to become a control lug factor in the
English newspaler lorild.
FuI:ia 10< K ftocKwooD.
BELTS AND GIRDLES.
Fsancii. and FItnhioan In Theme Ae
c(",o oris to uomnen's A:t1r,'.
[ý~~I(srr-l A,lr,( 1
Nri YouI. ;IIL 1 - S. .; f the
fashion ixpwits -:Iy thit til pistitlin
lbrt-quo is to ibe ill( Il.st ta -hitonabIt of
all th. Itvs waists, lIt until the
blouse ha, rI-ally ild-app. 11an and tie
shirt waist has given tip tit ghost I
hall not believe it. .11I the goods an]
all the esitns inti Li-] fr sprii
and eviin summer wer' such as require
blouses or shirt waists. And I have
seen tons on tots of shirt waists with
in the last two weeks. Why woun!
the manufacturers go to such trouble
and expense if postilion lastlues were
to take the place of all other things?
I dare say there will be Sette of thiel
intended for strictly tailor suits, but
the very shape of the corsets shows
that the loose front is the one thing
now to be considered. The same con
tortion of the body to push the front
forward and to make the hips prom
inent is fashionable, and until that
ridiculous fad is over \ve need not
fear tight basques, for they would
not "go" with the present shape of the
female form divine.
Besides, there are the belts, and
never did I see so ainny kinds and
sizes and inventions. That is a word
proper to use, for some of them are
really quite as complicated as ma
-"hinery. They are like harness, and
they have pulleys. and it is easier to
say what is not than what is. But the
very fact that there is such a move
ment in furnishing new styles of belts
and ceintures goes to show that
Basques are as yet in the minority.
The wide draped belt is covered with
silk, satin, velvet or. as it is in some
NEW BELTS AND GIRDLES.
cases. just with gold braid laid on the
foundation. one line above the other.
This style is for young ladies or very
dressy matrons. The general utility
belt is made of leather, and there are
many shapes for them. The most are
straight and of the same width all
around, but others again have the
back much wider than the front. All
have harness buckles. Some of these
buckles are so heavy and ordinary
looking that if they were not so stylish
they would not be tolerated for a mo
ment.
Novelties show a straight front and
the back to be cut and stitc:'ed in vari
ous forms, the illustration showing two
of the most curious of them. These are
made of seal, alligator, morocco. patent
leather and several other kinds of
leather. They are cut so that the
strain comes on the center of the belt,
and so it does not curl up.
The made belts and girdles are rath
er more dressy, and, as It is quite
possible for a woman to make these
for herself and so that each one may
match a dress, I shall tell how they
are made. A silk model is shown
here, and this is cut it three pieces,
the front one being double breasted
(to use the word signifying a garment
which is fastened to one sides. One
row of gilt buttons is set on one side
and buttonholes on the other. The
center is fastened to the underside of
the belt by small buttons, and there
is a row of the large ones to which
the others button. The shape can be
easily understood and is sloped to fit
the figure. To get the shape one could
cut one out of a stiff paper anti try It
lln until It fits, and then the girdle can
're cut from stiff btuckranm and itoned (In
the fronts and in tile center of the
bat-k. The shtirrskd belt is matle by
ctuttlng a widle belt tromt any stiff stuff
afid sewing silk or velvet over it. as
is showth in, the picture. A rosette
Is an atiditlon, anti so is the aiglon
cringe. as It Is called. This reminds
6ne a little of a bunch of shoestrings
tied to the sash. Some of the sash
belts have the cetnter (If the lIack imade
wide, and tiht front Is itroutglt down
'ilite ntarrowv. antd in other cases the
front Is wide anti the hack narrow.
This is so much the affair of the wo
man who owns the belt that she can
lto as she likes. There ale frames
liade of fentherbone. all renlly for the
ippliention of it'e uttlsite. Thiev can
e ptrchmassl for a trifle. lint tile must
f the daughters of Eve tin nlt need
theat. Oitvx IIAPPEa.
VM Pepsin Chill T. TiN... .r~6t .r hls.
ao Teetelessa .in eOursuaind to 0gwe Chills anind
Levegr mini all kalarlal Tveaes...
Doer Not CoVtaia Qalalsa Nee Other Pelse.,
Does Tot Injure the Stomach Nor Ehbet the Hearing.
9 W. A. McLirty & Son, Dime Box, Tex., sey: 'Ramon's Pepsin Chill Tonic is the
best we have ever ta'dled. My son prescribes itin his practice, and saps :t is
the only il Teaic which a child can take without injury to the stomach."
Price 0 BROWN EFG. CO., Prop'rs. Greeneville, Tenan.
HARRY kiuNshT.h -AM liUNTEIR HAWK HUNTE
Wholesale Grocers and CommissIon MSechants
111 ano 113 MIALM BTRIET
tlantation Supplies, Bagging & Ties
I)EALE!S IN
Hay, Corn, Oats. Bran and Chops
Special attent-on to all orders on shortnot ce at bottom prices. All facer, spreciated
A G. DREYFUS & CO
WHOL KALIDICALERS:1N
Dry toods, Boots, Shoes and Hats ,
COR. SPRING AND.CROUKElr STREETS
PRolMPT AfT ENTION PAID TO CV4TRY ORDER3
...CHERP RATES
j-OUSTONEAsT "WesT TXAs R AlwAY
OFFERS THEI1BEST;SERVICES
AND CHEAPEST RATES TO
ALL SOUHTWEST TEXAt
Taylc: ,".Temple,' Austin, :San Antonio,
N S MELDRUM, ,W H TAYLOR, Wm 10 ERTY
Ger Mgr. G F&IPA AGPA
Tte Flosi BrM . D ETfl Go CI
LIMITED.
EX 'LUSlVELY WHOLESALE DEALtEIR IN
Dry Goods. Notions, Boots, Shoes. Hats
510, 512 and-514 Levee Street. New:York Ogtee, 77 FranI.in Street
KAq LIOUL AD GROERY CI
Cirner Texas and primg Streets.
WhADQUARTERS FOr
Fine Whiskies, brandies, Imported & Domestic Cigars,
sing, Wines and Sundries, Best & Most Parular Brandt
IoBACco AND .MOKERS* MATZrIAL
Trade solicited. Prompt and satiPfaet'ry attention gntr a~l )t ;**
I CLUBRATES.
TWO PAPERS MAY BE SE-:
CURED IN THE COMB!- B
NA TION.
Beginning with the year 1901 The Caucasian
offers to its leaders and all people who would keep
informed, two papers the prices of subscription one
year being:
Caucasian with the Commoner, edited and
published by W. J. Bryan........... $1 50.
Caucasian and Atlanta Constitution....... $1 50.
Caucasian and Home and Farm............ $1 00.
Caucasian alone............ .............. $1 00
By next week will add the* Commercial Appeal
and others to'the Club List. Now is the time to
subscribe,
CHARTER '
Of the J. L. MIians Machinery Com
1pany, Limited.
Fate of Litiuislana. Parish of Caddo tier
ponnally (tioe an:I appeur rltIdj all
wa peae nan11 * I rcIared that availifng
of full a_-. who o of the laws of
thentselv e- f tie tr'visi oftih. and of
thil Ftate. relative to, of the(r r iGer AW
peels!.' o f A\ct if te
and agireil au1 l lt themlel sc as well &s
Inc It wir pc r- oil a-t may here:.fter he
Ciifc is othera pcrin ait t e. to ft rm and
corneti t''a so iate ur wittity t ena Ibod inpolitic:
In !acs.firttie ,uwri& aran objects and
u tinder t lite .1 ti rticles anudcotdi
tons following. to Wt
1R-i-IClE I.
The name and title of the said corjyita
tion -:lul it- t he . .Mi. N1AI N
w t 1eA1. LIMI~lLI). and its
!d;until Icr is herelX establisiled in the cite
of Shreveport. Mate of Lrouisiana, and
undtr it ,ai corporate name. sait torJpo
ratdi shall have power and authority to
'tnt ract. sue and 1 e sied!: to make and use
a th irporatc svhm and the same to break and
alter at plea-n re: to hold. receive have
pute-byae. jiuijrO a . alienate. cinve, sell
arul prog r mourtgage andi iiott atpu
indet it aid iorporat c l name. property.
real. pir-n ithu :,i \it- to nar e anl iL)
point iih ~nicer. Ir ilrectors. agent, end
and mah n r it emr!Ja y (. asl the irnter
rshor 1ii''i by- ii ~t~00naws,
rile- :eon rwhi- iei'o fir ti-c priotper lian
ni ilbe ieitnitt ti -t ;in(! proper. arid
tch -ale tio 0i o-i" i .anti atr it plea-ure:
c arnd to beo a it her tollowt il to-hit,_ T1 d
ed h}r lach, ir as s n'I or tilyS Int tiht'esart
a nd leIs-rr tot irt' o, theaol a t-aid pur
The'i of ptal c.t~prk ion.h adcoprto
ranl b; (ift Thou mhilt -s -tonerds (ollSed.
In acoriiic w-tit I'ti it- charitier. shltl exs
dni iontinu fe r therIiisl of twiveti-IVt
(dria year- rim soitfter th e dufte hereon
hli be pire-' r in iah- atl- the ICCu
Tpresiidetn ei- t o, IIrtr -alt Ihle 1 i:e pr' tier
!rpeiron 1114or teli *ci iatioU or otiier legal
Ilt es-s shaji , irrte rhil
The obijects anti purposes for which this
corporal in it - In 'r iieiI and the noaire if
thi iisiies- to tiwi carried on ho it. are de
(":red to tit- thte full'witI Itocl-Wit lo do
a generalI nial i nit- lrtsines'. intl to that
iuend purnil. -eli andtion ma fatlre ma
chianery ao ho ler. of all and et cry de
sc.riptilon.
ARTICLE HII
The ca tital stock of the said corporation
shall ire Fifty Thouisandl i$it4Ai4O5(h liollars.
divided lut and represented by Five Hun
dred shares ihr, of thestll of tine Htin
dred aIyli )''lIar' each. which raid stock
shall be paid for ii cash at the time of sub
Thcrip tro or the sate may be issued at not
lets than par. iii payent or exchange for
l prope-It or rights act ally received
or purchaied y -aid corporation, or
the sam m:, re' is- tied. fall paid. for
fnoney advantced. ald for such other valua
bde e' 'lsidlaenet 0 t 'r -ervlces a"- the hoard
odireclor, i rani irliltin may de
tt-r~i.lie. tiro-,'ileti. t1: t fit ,toock shall be
i---ued until the t'tt~i-ierlttion therefor has
be-.u i eve:\teli ley lice saill corporation.
TnitfrLs i his corporation . phl omec oin
Ant- -tif thuoliperalitao'k-elIllahavenbor
lrd h rot itt t la} pri onrotice of suchtir
tinut l to selI. at--ign or tranisfer thle
Sah1 I- tli iltil-hei-u tcilpany. and thle other
sthiali tlehr teri-.- -hall have tie best
jirivilt'.;e of i-'tt-i--ii-i: saiiie. after w licht
suhit btoyk otice the i'aid.sokra r
The torok of -aid corporatioi tmay be
tralit-fe~rt't-iI nu iu'r the athove condit ions.
p to':iltid suc ttu roa;iultr thereof lbe mrade on
tl:e tiohk if said ioupailv. at its office inr
othUe rV of S revepiort. l.a.. and on sur- I
render if thle certiicate thererf. No trans-I
for of any fractional pirt of the share shall
tae !ite.
'rhis corporation shall commence doing
blisinless as soon~i as ( me Hundred (t4100)
,hares of the caiital stock shall have been
sthescrirtetl for. 'he Board of l)ireetoras
shall hae ithe riuht to dctermine how
uchi stock shall lie istiied.
Al-l'll LI-: IV.
The otirtorate powers of this conrhans
shall 1K- tested ini anid exert heed hv a board
OA three Diretu-rs. cthi- isene of the presi
dent wio shall he the treasurer of said
corporatioii. tut-i-reident and one sto'k
holder. two of said hoard shall constitute
a quorui for the tranisaction of business,
aid their deir-ior shall be valid orporate
acts.
The following pt-onshall haicoinstituite
the tirnt Boardl of I un-i-tots: I. 1.L.Means,
,residlentr; It. S. tinger. vice-president; S.
d Monger. -ectetart.
No pierson shall )K" eliglble ac director, or
an officer. who is l nt a stockholder of this
dent, the or atice-i-e-aeto shall lpptiand
preside. tcholr t rsiea
i'uich isetan hall cointiri win oercs uti
Inti e tt-d of llr t-tlt fliil rett f elete oiinth
th' w ti-tir toattend. tieli it tileno t lehall
day thereaftmer. il h eae
fNt: -cu -ima hn aelidl shaller ti o rien ti
dirlIl,-llthe I a nd o ht upv
dr trthe i - 'ti ti'tsl<ale.. i tslits th lt.
certt tf li Iaid col iirctiis hal lt appoiuntl
oiler itlitre -tir .-lihlos to in rbesie at
stLe iprei-t It i ll 5ti 11 tli-- tii ers. ecio
in the cvh citiin th~le fail tie arny ctii
nile -otinci to atrent. as li eibee pre-etsk I
t ver--il saulti ilital:s-a ioltiinocr hititil
ti c eld witlil eni 11 id lts. miii fo h all
shari tiuf -t o-s regis:ra ti-i n his riame, Ital
nas vt-l. hi' hiiu I
'[le ileun itin ut liin etors -hall lie ht hal
loti alit :hi' tlii.' V II Ii Tamolint iii Votw
ca-t. i-ai-i h tti t iT stil'k votlt't ii ot to he
ci itnitet fir In lii- tie. '-4111 I tdit thte ierson
or ittrt 'II- lii when lI hii 1 bli ise liccoeast.
A fetr t'ach electiitio th lit-rI Oiii-lif Dilrecttra
shiall edet tr ni I heir iown tinumer the 0t11
cers lit saiid c'iilttnli.
ARTICLE V.
The Board of Director, shall have full
power to till vacancies in tb'-ir number
can Sd bh de.ath. roinnntion or otherwise
firom aung the stoikholders of the corpo
ration.
The -aid Hoard shall have full control of
the prol rwiy' of thi co(ttiiny, and shall no
conduct. Iiaunn ge aiid uie the same as in
their discrit ion the l deem iut. and that is
consistent with theoiljects of thiscomnpany
or the iwelfar, of thi same.
I he said Hoard is further authorized to
framne and adopt such hvy-laws. riles and
regulations as the affairs and buiiness of
the corporation may re .aire. and as it may
deem necessary for the conductinik anil
mIinirgermnit thereof: trioided, ttsi same
shall not conflict with tlhii : barter, or with
the laws of the State, or of the Linite&
States.
The said Hoard shall elect or appoint a
secretary and such other otticers, agents,
employes. s'rvaints and clerks as it ma;
deem luecessary for the condnriing of the
business of the corporatrin: fix their com
1 persation. term of servi. e. with the right
to list!,ias them at said Boardu laeasure
and saiui hoard shall Ira ,. the right to fix
and determine the salaries of the several
efticer herein provided for.
TL hrîriii.iYii l*- :,q f Wet lflzé- ,
a u" i#rl tla tii-~i' i ffiri
decred -i§. isr t vin e f -u r w'I I t2~ bi-..
hmve i r te i eer 'r-,ti i
O it.ea'e, hr- t
jh ol«c. lw mfth ~ i lak'- J t, 11:
in thitt charter.
taini the Yirtf.os,.,.r, u .&
deatb of l.ci îr iîr-'
the ijur'ivt~or O sr~i iii- *î,j* t lu
act.
ARTICl.E. Vll
No0 jtockho.-r 44f Ital~ -l-,.:'
evter lie hçd jiJjle oîr t,4 5t r
cootracts Or fatilles tht-rsîsrf h',-i ' flirJ.-. r
mum, thian the 'ani. 4 iîl ii. lij i to
cornplhID.Y (n thje .&hiares <#f -t'.. 5l~r -_
for or nan* , ita.o î il
fo.irnalitl in<r, tfiltit .. . .t .
Of reîîe iiý tai elrir i t:i nr #f
tLec tanpaid lkalsenie it -MnY.*;-I
lhiii diie. .111, îîa.t-4l I* in .. . . ',
cityi ot Start-ty srt. 1.i...:
}h,.rtiiotersi d V'vîibWm
witrietese-it! hsiwftil a'ue.: t:1lA
t 1" irt v. ~h'n-1 hseriit
t<ot-* li issr wit li saiiil p.ir
alter rt!a huLT <ioi time- ~%kttis'
01L~ed..61 -tui;tre
S 1. I-tisZr. MtI Ai-l 1
Attest .
STof Liii-aii f>i:- . (
}iaviîig ,-xatîiffisedthe in.~î :~si
corpbiktsitioii SOli! jiil i ititr
L-Oi tfl-tai vol 1 t iut ryr tol Ls:v. 1 ..v t
prove the arnî;e. tfiis ;thli,%- .t'1sy
Di,;triet A.tt<irncy Is-t .Iutlieal1.-tini t
day of Jamitîary, A. D. E.WlNi.
<7herk and Ex-O>ftk;iî LIeiii-riIir.
EMt.te of LouM-anst. J>îris-h of t îI:
1 hereby eert.ify that theabc . îii ie
,oiijx biv a truc.nmid correct. c<bjiy <.f t tie ofiîr.~
nal act as- th- same now ii>lpe:its 4iri tij*
and of m-ecorv ira in-. office.
Giveii uuder niy hand and -(-al of offic,
Whs 7t!& day of January, tIssl.
F. A. 1,ECNARIP.
CIerk and Ex-Oflicio Recorder.
1Januari' 7. 19Wi.
THE VENIKE.
Venire for the three weeks term cf the
First Diecrict Court of Louisiana in and
for the parish of Caddo, cmmencing on
Monday. January 2P, 19)1:
FOR WEEK COMMENCING MONDO Y,
JANUARY 2,, 1901.
4 Mayfield, 1: L 1 Cavett. W
4 Crowder. W. Jr 4 stI rn. Ma
4 MeDonalo, T F 4 McKittri
4 Monkhouse, M C 1 Davie. J
1 Wynn. Jaa.es 2 .Grder. C
II awt o. Frank A 4 kiacefdf. Frank
3 Michb .. A . 3 A HawAv Warren
4 Carney, P W 4 Hulla-, JH
2 KvaneJ 4 H ' Oder. L k
4 Harris, K is 3 Pow-Il. E r -.
I SeIlington, J M i Soirmon. T
4 Singleton, WE 5 Q-,tt, A .J 4T
1 Nortb, W H : Klng, H Ei
4 Hanna, Rnhert 2 Hill. 1)
2 Carroll. K C 5 Harkrider, K r
OR WkK.L CtjlML C[ Ni 'JNJ kY,
FEBRUARY, 4, 1911.
4 Reucher. T N 1 Harris, Jeeae
4 Muroby. loge I Lester. Geo W
4 Meyer. Kt 4 Lyons, J J
1 Windbam, A J 4 llhepherd. Harry:
4 Plggott. H A 4 R iwles. . A
4 Benrent, W E 4 a.emle. isaac
5 Briggs, S A Bryson. -. J
4 Holv'.. John L I Wemnle H V
4 Othta. £ B 4 Tilly, James
3 Metcalf, Edgar 4 Hamniton, WH
2 Emmor s,G W 4 J iwett, W P
2Spe l,Ti 4 Bullard. MC
r. Simpson. D A Jr 2 Powell. A F
7 Moore. HE 4 Pollard, EhJ
7 Pickens, J J 2 Cisco, W H
FOR WEEK COMMENCING MONDLY
FEBRUARA 11, 1]Oi.
3 Parris, S M 4 Harper. a B
4 Wilkins. J F Bryaon, 1) K
1 MoCCin. T K1 3 A Baway, .Jarres
3 Ivy, J M I Austiv, Wm Jr.
4 Neeland, J J 4 Bryne. H P
2 Arledge, T F 6 Hopkins, B V
2 Browning. R H 2 Herring, L C
I Wemple,Jrt 1 Hoo1, sH
4 Wiwgins, Aien 4 (Jilmer, (4 K
4 Harrir, e L ' Pittman, SS
4 Leverett, H W i Harden, 31 W
4 Hellperiu, i L 4 Wright. D L
4 tfesterA M rtign,J H
I Liihtlo~t, Ben 1 umner, 1) .1
4 G.mblin, W I' 4 Welimar, Mlack
J .nt.ary 2, 1901
H I'I ILL,
H Y NICHULSŽ%ý,
J B A I),
Wltnesses. Jury Commlesioner!.
E F TPiGP'v,
F C O'LEAI1Y.
F k I E INAIi2,
Cierk and ex Ulticio Jury oummsesaonr.
A true copy.
F A LE' N RD, Clerk.
Saving Deposits
Merchants ansl Irarniers Batik
Corner ; Spring snd. TexA%
Street,"zsjreveeport. La
the saving deposits of the bank is one of
ta deserveatv popular features. Interest
at the rate of three per cent per snnum n
allowed on all sums of one dollar and ip
wards remaining on the calendar three or
more calendar months.
When made during the first three days
of any month, interest is allowed on thee
deposits as it wade on the first day of the
month. interest on all sums not witn
irawn will 5e payable on the first days of
February and August, and interest not
ben withdrawn is added to the principal
hereby giving depor tors compoiu m
oterest.
Deposits may be made by married wo
men or minors, in their own names
FaoIlities are given depositors to draw
'nviney.
Deposits made for a loEger period taan
six months draw a higher rate thai. a,..
nary savings de
Subscribe for The
Caucasian.