PLANS OF CORTELYOU.
How He Will Run the New
Admi~~3tritive Department.
THE SEORETARY'S VARIED DUTIES
Lt the Head of Many Important
Functions of Government-Organi
zation and Equipment of 01i and
New Bureaus.
[Special Correspondence.]
Washington, March 16.-Although in
its inscrutable wisdom congress cut
down the estimate of money needed to
carry on the work of the new depart
meit of commerce and labor to a ridic
ulously low figure, Secretary Cortelyou
is not disheartened, but takes up the
manifold duties imposed upon him
with courage and confidence. Even
though hampered by lack of funds, it
may be set down as certain that the
energetic and resourceful young secre
tary will not be content to permit his
portfolio to become merely an ornamen
tal appendage to the machinery of fed
eral administration. Already he has the
work of organizing and equipping the
- -
SEORETARY CORTELYOU'B WASHINGTON
HOUSE.
various subdivisions of the department
well in hand, tIhough the actual opera
tions of most of them do not begin un
til the opening of the next fiscal year
on July 1. By that time Secretary Cor
telyou wil have his machinery running
smoothly. Smoothness is S characteris
tic of the man. and there is pretty sure
to be very little unnecessary friction or
wasted energy in any enterprise under
his direction.
The long list of bureaus, old and
new, comp'lsing the department of
commerce and labor sufficiently indi
cates the varied character of the work
laid out for Mr. Cortelyou. and to suc
cessfully meet these duties he needs all
the energy, versatility and executive
ability of which he is credited with
being possessed. As the head of this
new governmental machine he will be
a regulator of industrial combinations,
an investigator' of labor disputes, a pro
moter of foreign trade, fosterer of man
ua".. *res, supreme sealer of weights
and measures, guardian of the*mari
ners along the coasts,,protector of food
fishes, adjuster of boundary lines be
tween the, states of the Union and su
pervlsor -of immigration, besides per
forming other functions, including that
of an adviser, in common with other
cabinet ofiecers, of the president of the
SUnited States. All this is. no easy task,
but It must be remembered that George
Cortelyou is "'chock full of days' work."
There are no big plums and ino sine
cures under this new department. The
se.etary will, of course, receive the
regular cabinet salary of $8,000, every
cent of which he must spend if he de
alres to shine in society. As a matter
of fact several cabinet officers expend
thr&e times theft salary for living ex
S enses at the capital.
'As to perquisites, there are very few.
iis "oficial' messenger" may be de
tailed to serve as his butler or valet de
clamber it he so desires, and several
S ard~ages and a span ofI horses are fur
- ished by thegovernment for his use.
They are .are*'for in a stable attached
to the department, and Uticle Sam pays
`fe their feed and grooming. The sec
retary's coachman and footman are
also paid out of the public fufds.
The highest salary in the department
.below that of the secretary is but
$Oli00. This is the pay fixed for the as
sIatant saeretal'y and several of the
bureau chiefs. Under the state de
partment, for instance, they run as
high as $17,500, the pay of ambassa
ot-s. Under the war and navy depart
, ments the.r Ire officers drawing: mose
pay than the secretary.
' The most, conspicuous subdivision of
the department is the bureau of corpo
rations. it was brought into being by
the famoous "Nelson amendment." At
its lead is the commissioner df corpo
rat urls, with a salary of $5,000. ap
pointed by the president, who named
James R. Garfield as the first incum
b et of :te office. The deputy commis
sioner is allowed $3,500. Below these
provision is- made for a chief clerk, a
cbrps 4 special agents and a consider
atble force of clerks. In his investiga
tions of American corporations, joint
.stock eompanies corporate combia
tones. -et4engaged I in terstate and
horeign trade the cnommissioner will
.&"ave thme- wer to sapsens. witnesses
and compel them to give- testimony or
to drodaice doeientary evidence un.
der, oath. His powers will apply to all
sgporation eta., except t trsnos
, taton ompanies falRzg within the. I
dec tiont of the intestate coeseee
mmision. s `a aed witneses reail
to 'tai testimouy will e pbse Ied
foeeoateepi and ar:e lable to wuit o
u)ainction l3tistratu their
=Ui: aeoply. Io witnes one
tx, ; .
oth. Thbe commissioner of corpora
tions will pub:!sh reports on the financ
ing and workings of trusts and so
called trusts and will gather data
which may aid the president in recom
merding laws to further remedy the
"trust evils."
The new branch of the department
next in importance is the bureau of
manufactures. The salary of the chief
is fixed at $4.OI.0. This functionary will
develop manufac.turing interests and
will seek mariets for manufactures at
home and abroad. A new official of the
stare department will submit to the
bu 'au of manufactures such reports
Iof consuls in all foreign lands as rec
ommend markets for American goods
or describe improvements upon Ameri
can methods.
The third new branch is the bureau
of statistics, which combines the bu
reau of statistics, taken from the treas
ury department, and the bureau of for
eign commerce, detached from the state
department: This bureau will do the
difficult and complicated statistical
work of the department.
One of the most important functions
of the department will be the protec
tion of marine commerce. The bureau
with the greatest persohnel will be
that in charge of the lighthouse es
tablishment, on whose pay rolls are
nearly 3,000 men.
The commissioner of navigation will
decide all questions relating to the
issue of registers, enrollments, licenses
of vessels and the collection and re
funding of tannage taxes. He will
also have power to change the names
of vessels, and will be required to pre
pare annually a list of ships.
The supervising inspector general of
steam vessels will administer the
steamboat inspection laws.
The coast and geodetic survey bu
Ireau will prepare mariners' charts of
the entire coast line, survey all of the
rivers to'the head of tidewater, sound
the ocean's depths and study its great
curreris, correct the mariner's com
pass and study disturbances of the
magnetic needle. Apart prom its work
in the aid of mariners this great scien
tific bureau will determine points of
latitude and longitude for the adjust
ment of state boundary lines and sur
veys, measure the height of moun
tains and determine the exact geo
graphical position of all points in the
country.
The new department takes over from
the trea'ury department the adminis
tration of affairs relating to immigra
tion. One of its chief bureaus will
revise the immigrat en regulations
and enforce the alien contract labor
laws. New officers under the new de
partment will be .charged with the
same duties in the enforcement of the
Chinese exclusion laws which former
ly fell to collectors of customs and in
ternal revenue.
The bureau of labor under the new
department will collect and diffuse
useftil information on subjects of in
terest to the American laboring man,
setting forth the relations of capital
to labor, the hours of labor, the earn
ings of laboring men and women and
the. means of promoting their ma
terial, social, intellectual and moral
prosperity. This bureau will Investi
gate all controversies between employ
ers and employees which may inter
fere with the welfare of the public.
The task of taking the census every
ten years will be under the supervision
of the secretary of commerce and la
bor, as will also be the statistical work
of the permanent census recently au
thorized by congress.
, The bureau of fish and fisheries will
propagate for the ever hungry public
useful food fishes, including lobsters.
DEPARTMENT OF LABOR BUILDnfG,
oysters and other shellfish. It will in
vestigate the cause of decreast in valu
able food fishes. It will study the fish
ing grounds off the coasts with the
view of determining their value as
commercial fisheries. The government's
supervision of the 'Alaskan fur seal.
also of salmon and other fisheries hith
erto undertaken under the treasury.
will be transferred to the new depart
ment.
With all this to attend to the depart
ment of commerce and labor will be
about the busiest of Uncle Sam's great
government mills. One of the difficul
ties in operating it is that some of the
workshops, are scattered rather widely
over .this City of Magnificent Dis
tances. The coast and geodetic sur
vey, on Capitol hll1. is a mile and a
balf east of the White House. The new
building now being erected for the bu
reau of standards 'will be three and a
balf iluie northwest of the White
House, a`id the fish commission is in
the eenter of the mall.
'In bit estimate of the financial needs
of his departnmet Secretary Cortelyou
tasked congress for an appropriation of
tOpce« O for a suitable building,
hbSi, however, congress declined to
grant either in whole or in part This
-oe, look lil a big sum of money for
the housing of the new department,
baUt wtti ttDhes and varied amount
.:iaem e tte to it the great
.oa Wk P e saploy and the
- rr~ai~ic·s~
SGOlDFISH FARM.
NOVE-4 INDUSTR'Y WHICH IS CARFh.t
ON IN INDIANA.
An Enterprise Which Requlrem a
Large Caitnal to Establish and
Maintain--iow the *ish ore *'eit
and -Raised.
[pecil corresponi;id
Indianapoiis. Ind.. March l. -Not f:r
from this city is a ftarnm e'p.t to a
unil!que purpose. the cultivation ,:. :
fish. it is a source of constal:t dt,.¾:ht
to the small boys of the vicin;ity axit is
of interest to all strangers who chance
to pay it a visit. Here goldfish are
bred on a colossal scale, the farm he
ing, in :act, the largest goldfish breed
ing place in the world, with an annual
output valued at $20,000.
To the visitor the place presents an
attractive aspect. consisting as it does
of a series of ponds surrounded by
shrubbery and trees. These ponds are
Si
PREPARI'NG A MEAL FOR GOLDFISH.
constructed with a view to meeting the
requirements of the fish in thŽ various
stages of their development. Hatched
in one pond, they remain there until
they have attained a certain growth
and then pass gradnally from one pond
to another until when between three
and four months old they emerge into
Swhat may bo termed the harvest field.
In this they sojourn until they are
"ripe" and are then scooped out and
taken to market. Vlhen they reach this
pond, they ,:re usualiy tVwo or three
inches in length, lut they average a
foot long before being placed on sale.
This necessitates their remaining in
the harvest field over three years, as it
takes them that long to attain their
full growth and color.
The value of a fish depends on its
shape, color and weight, and one that
is imperfect in these respects is imme
diately thrown out as worthless. All
sorts of goldfish are grown here. As
even the cheapest kinds sell for from
5 to 10 cents apiece at wholesale, it
will be seen that there is money in the
business for one who knows how to
conduct it properly. Some species sell
for from 40 to 50 cents each at whole
The requirements for making a suc
cess of goldfish breeding are so exact
ing, however, that it would be inad
visable for any one with a small cap
ital to embark in this industry. It
cost the owners of this farm' almost as
much to stock it as though they were
going to raise fancy cattle, for the
fish they imported for .breeding in
cluded the -finest specimens raised in
China and Japan. In some instances
they were compelled to pay over $100
each for telescope fish, which is the
most aristocratic of all goldfish. The
telescope has very large eyes, standing
out from its head in sockets like tele
scope cases. In color it is of a reddish
gold tint, a hue considered perfect by
fish breeders and dealers.
Other fine species of fish found at
this farm are the comet and the fan
tail. These awe noted more for their
tails than for their color. The comet
possesses a tail nearly as long as its
body and as delicate as lace, while the
fantail has two or three tails, which
open and shut like a fan. It cost the
importers over $10,000 for two can
fuls of these three varieties that they
brought from China, for so many fish
died in transit that others had to be
bought to take their place.
When you have bought youi fish,
your expenses as a breeder mi~ht be
said to have only begun. At thea farm
we are describing twenty men are em
ployed, and there is work for the twen
ty from morning until night. The
ponds, for instance, have to be care
fully watched to prevent hawks and
kingfishers from harvesting the crop.
Crawfish and muskrats are also dead
ly enemies of the goldfish, and the
banks of the ponds have ,to be pa
trolled continually by men armed with
'spades and shovels to stop the holes
made by these burrowing creatures.
Sometimes the rats in a single night
will bore to such an extent that the
ponds would be drained in a few hours
were not a constant watch kept, and
a drained pond means death to the
goldfish it contaihs.
Then, again, millions of eggs as well
as young fish are annually stung to
death by beetles, water wasps and
devil's darning needles or eaten by
turtles or older fish, for goldfish are
notorious cannibals, hence the neces
sity of transferring them from pond to
pond in order' to keep together fish of
equal growth and strength. Three
weeks after a fish is hatched it will be
gin to make meals of the eggs on the
grass. and leaves around the edges of
the spawning pond.
At this farm some of the ripening
ponds contain as many as 150,000 in
habitants, and no pond has .less than
100,000 as a rule: The.ponds also hold
tadpoles and frogs, which aid in the
development of the fish by keeping the
water clean and by devouring .isects
and vegetable growth. Incidentally
trog rasing is a sort of side line with
the>e breeders, who annually send to
narket many thousand pair egs.
Irk 41mp-iP ~"IdrI
S IN THE MODE.
lSomething About the New rlng
I5 ts and Jackets.
[Special Correspondence.]
!'ew York. March 1i.-4any years
ago, as Buttercup says. when- was a
very young and impressionable girl. I
found a w-onderful book. called "Al
wilda; or, lee ean l'e P:rate. T'
beautiful creature w~ose p)iratical a"d
ventures *rmed the ba'si of the lsk
was pictured in many pages, but wl:t
ever the circumstances she vere)l' ;
ways the same hat. flat with a dr!:op
ing brim and this encircled with roses
and leaves in so poetic a style that the
remembrance lts wrmained in by
mind all these years. *hen qe cSher
day*# went to one of the "openings" .'
the stores found the exact prototype
of the hat worn by the innocent ,
pearing but wicked female pirate hl
the book. The straw Was very teliow
and the brim drooping, and around the
crown lying along the flexibie rimn
was a loose wreath of beautiful red
roses with limber stems and a rich opu
lence of blossom, such as pould de
light ile heart of a vorist. Nothing
else was on thehat but these 9)ses. It
had such a poetic and quain old time
flavor that it really made nib feel al
most unhappy to think that ' e days
are passed when could wear sR-h a
hat.
But there are ether ats galore of
every shape under the canopy of Ateav
en, as one lady said. The most eothem
are flat and so covered with bloom and
blossom that one really wants to smell
of thema. One lovely Fancy has a flat
brim, with blue violets complletele- cov
ering the hbin atid white ores compos
ing the crown. The line of demarca
tion is done by a few green leaves set
cunningly along. I believe there was a
little white lace at the back of this hat.
One had the brim malde of Japanese
straw in a rich brown, with a draping
of velvet to match. The crown was en
tirely covered with tea roses crushed
closely together. without green.
Another hat was of red tulle closely
shirred, and the brim was almost hid
den in a wreath of white misiletoe.
with its green leaves.tand waxy white
berries. lred is also sltwln in one hat
made eutirely of sc:rlet p',i.[ts, with
a few frosty leaves aloan. Lary xbl s
soms, lilies and re-es of ev-,ry variety,
:es ;-we!l a. i:lh.: s, Vil:at:; :a::e i: :' ;.
ers. are see:n, and when ant are ued
there is a great abundttance.
1 did not really in-tnd to speak of
hats at all, but somehow they are so
predominant just now that the idea
becomes insistent, and one forgets that
the intention was strong to say °some
thing about the short coats for ordi
nary wear for early spring. The Monte
Carlo coats are still right in the van of
popularity, and where the shoulder is
absent, as it sometimes is, the rest of
the coat shows the salient features
which have hitherto distinguished the
UI
THE NEWEST COATS.
Monte Carlo. However straight the
front may be, the back shows the folds
falling from the shoulder to the bottom
in a flaring line.
Spring coats are in three lengths,
very short, scarcely to the hips, half
length and three-quarter. There are
and will be all the season many of tlhe
long ragians and cravenetted rain
coats, but the most of the output con
sists of the shapes mentioifed. Some
are simply stitched and have fly
fronts, while others have lines of rich
braid or featherbone cording reaching
around in waved lines. All of this
class of garments have flat collars.
One stylish shape- is made of biscuit
or castor kersey and has bias satin
stitches several times around, the satin
extending up the sides and also form
ing pocket lids. Some of the Monte
Carlo shapes have bishop sleeves, the
cuffs being trimmed to match the rest.
But most of the coats have the bell or
pagoda sleeves) some of them beir g
exaggerated in size.
There are for those who like or l6ok
best in that style shorter coats and
jackets with something of a reefer
front and sloping back and many with
a Russian front with belt and still oth
ers with a decided Norfolk finish.
These somehow have Jy some unwrit
ten law been devoted to business suits.
They are jaunty, but not dressy. There
is a haunting suspicion of pockets hid
den somewhere in u r the plaits, and
for the last few rjFs pockets have
peen considered vulgar. probably be
cause they were impo..ible.
OLIVE HARPER.
·-.--- - -- ,...-li,~-- .. .-_.
S. B. HICKS. President. TALE MICKS, Vice
$V. i. . HASE, Secteta-".r-!reasuet.
DIRI T4)Rg.
'AXE 19f£ . S B. 1ItJ& .S, F. *i. (-)MA. , \' .F.
' . ; $COVELL. G. 1H. SK S \USONi .
THe ICKS COMPAN
[LJUITED.)
WHOL USALE iROCERS
ind COTTON FACT
CC-e \ WCilehou .sreer Siping *ad Traixs Streets, and
*o want oi) merchant riends in the counts
tnow htat Our plant is brand new and up to n
all #espects, and4 all printing entrusted to us w
tuuned Out promptly 4nd in the very latest style..
TH I CAUCASIAN.
BOWERS' DRUGSTOR.
rste. tow tug. . htogst
Bookt.*. Statonery. +Toiet +,Arti
and Fancy Goods.
*anufacItree f I'lavoring Extr'acts, Pure soda and
dral Waters. S.gents fo Smnit -Prenlar- Tlypewriters.
Fresh Garden Seed.
Prescriptions earefui9v b~y trunde$ with the Test and f
;rugs. 1.l 1aors appg e te an i pro
Wttentio, j
FRED W* BOWERS. Proprietor.
C. C. Hardman & Co.,
\ ~o le'a! an'! tani Deaen in
LUMBER, SH1NGULES, SAS
Doormg Blinds and General House
Finishing Goods.
O)ffice and Salesrooms Corner Sprinug and Crockett.
Lumber Yard Corner Lake and McNeil
SHREVEPORT. LA.
They are here at last==
OUR GASOLINE STOVES.
Remember we have now a complete line of the best Gasoline Stoves on
The
"INSURANCE NATIONAL."
Years of experience have proven the above assertion, "The Best on
They are now on exhibition. Call, ex amine and price, and yiu will b .i-' -
F. MARTEL & SON,
Phone 555. 211 Texas.
Gardeners and Truck Farm
TAKE NOTICE!
We have received our new crop T. 8: W. Brand Chal:enge Field and
den Seeds from Northern and Easter l seed farms. This seed pos
strong germinating powers, produces vigorous plants which insures an
dant harvest and means more money in your pockets if you buy this
Write for catalogue and ask for special prices on Seed Corn, Oats,
Barley.. Wheat, Amber and Orange Cane Seed. Alfalfa, Clocer. Millet
Seed Potatoes, or send us your order. XWe guarantee satisfaction.
108 Texas St. TUSTEN & WEI
WHEN IN NEED OF ANY
Fancy or Staple Groceri:
FISH, OYSTERS. FRUIT.
or anything in our line, phone or send us your orders. We will give
prompt delivery and the very best quality at tihe lowest rriccs. Call'
take a look at our new line of Fancy go d, just received.
The I. X. L. Grocery Co.,
512 and 514 Texas St. Phones 87 and 164.
Orton Hote ND oestara
OPEN D.A .V
Reguilar Meals Served,
Best in the City, - -
SHORT ORDERS \ Si' .
SPECIAL ATTETIO i .
ELEGANT ROOMS ', I , tI N
701-3-5-7 Texas Str et, Corner of Louisian
The Florsheim B s. Dry oods ( o.
EXCLUSIVELY \WXIOI.ES :\Lt DE) \LELIS IN
Dry Goods, Notions, Boots, Sh5
ad Hats.
510, 512 and 514 Lev ree t. New Yo:.k Office 77 Franklin