How He Will Run the New
Administrative Department.
THE SECRETABY'S VARIED DUTIES
£t the Head of Many Important
Fuactions of Government-Orgamsi
sation and Equipment of 01i and
New Bureaus.
.Sp-cial Correspondence.l
Washir__ton. March 16.-Although b
its inscrutable wisdom congress cut
down the estimate of money needed to
carry on the work of the new depart
ment of commerce and labor to a ridic
ulonsly low fiure. Secretary Cortelyou
is not disheartened, but takes up the
manifold duties imposed upon him
with courage and confidence. Even
though hampered by lack of funds, it
may be set down as certain that the
f.nergetic and resourceful young secre
tary will not be content to permit his
portfolio to become merely an ornamen
tal appendage to the machinery of fed
eral administration. Already he has the
work of organizing and equipping the
IS.CBETARY COBTELYOU'S WSHINGTO
HOUSE.
various subdivisions of the department
well in hand. tdough the actual opera
tions of most of them do not begin un
til the cpenlg of the next fisca! year
on July 1. By that time Secretary Cor
telyou i:t have his machinery running
smoothly. Smoothness is a cha:acteris
tic of the man. and t.ien- is pretty sure .
to be ery little unnecessary friction or
wasted energy in any enterprise under
his dire tion.
The long list of bureaus, old and
new, comprising the department of
commerce and labor sufficiently indi
cates the varied character of the work
laid out for Mr. Cortelyou, and to suc
cessfully meet these duties he needs all
the energy, versatility and executive
ability of which he is credited with
being possessed. As the head of this
new governmental machine he will be
a regulator of industrial combinations,
an Investigator of labor disputes, a pro
-moter of foreign trade, fosterer of man
afaet.reas supreme sealer of weights
iad mea.sures guardian of the marf
aers alog the coasts, protector of food
ihea adjuster of boundary lines be
tween the states of the Union and su
pervisor of immigration, besides per
f orming other functions, including that
-of an adviser, in c~mmon with other
cabinet ofeers, of the president of the
United States. All this is no easy task.
bt t must be remembered that George
Cartelyou is "check fall of days' work.'M
There are no big alums and no sine
ctres under this new department The
ecretary wil of course, receive the
regular cabinet salary of $8,O0. every
cunt of which he mest spend if he de
sbes to shine in society. As a matter
of fact several cabinet ofcers expend
three times their salary for living ex
penIe at the capltaL
As to perquistes there are very few.
His "odieial mneseener" may be de
taled to serve as his butler or valet de
chamber if he so desires and several
arreges and a span of horses are fur
aished by the government for his me.
They are cared for is a stable attached
to the department, and Uncle BSam pays
for their feed and grooming. The sec
tetary"s coachman and footman are
sal paid out of the publice funds.
The highest salary in the department
belo that of the secretary is buhot
-W400. This is the pay fxed for the as
Stmat secretary and several of the
bureau chiefs. Under the state de
partment for t~stance. they run as
high as $1~.500 the pay of ambassa
dors. Under the war and navy depart
ments there are officers drawing more
pay than the secretary.
The most conspicuous subdivision of
the department is the bureau of corp
rations. It was brought into be ng by
the famous "Nelson. amendment'" At
its head is the commissioner of corpo
rations, with a salary of $7000. ap
pointed by the president, who unmed
James R. Garfied as the first incum
bent of the office. The deputy commis
sioner is allowed $'i.O . Below these
provision is made for a chief clerk,. a
corps of special agents and a consider
able force of clerks. In his investign
tions of American corporanions, joint
stck companies, corporate combina
tism etc., engaged in interstate and
freign trade the commissioner will
__ve the power to s hprsna witnesses
nt compel them to give testimony or
to prn doecumentary evidence an
de ostl His powers will apply to all
Ulporatloa ete, etaept the traspeor
taloa compaies faling within the Jp
thictidn of the tiarestate cwomiw
-m SUmimaa a uBeed w in
uag t give teetiiory WIl be punished
for contempt and are liable to wris of
-aeetat restratain their b siness
MOM they comey, YNo witam -before
So oner ~corpwrarts wai
be le tei hi any penally for what
he tmiIes anie he pwewar hinese
AN ha failure t onal w ilt nab
War ablhie tor , e ai f tn rei a
BOsd brlsonsqa e searh
Y ýý ·i
tiokn will pVahu re ort on the Inane
tag and workgngs of trusts and so
called trusts and will gather data
which may aid the president in recom
mending laws to further remedy the
"trust evils."
The new branch of the department
next in importance is the bureau of
manufae-iros. The sary ,f the chi f
is fixed at $4 .,:. This fnrrioniry will
develop m:n> uf:-turin u inter,-ts :Taid
will s.k mart.m s fir ninufactures at
home and arad. A nw ,,icial iJf the
stare departutent will hmilit to the
bureau of Emanufactuire 'uc:li reports
of onusuls in all forerign ai-ds as ree
omaend marrkets for American goods,.
or ,le:. rite improvemen:s upon Ameri
can methods.
The third new branch is the bureau
of statistics, which combines the bu
reau of statistics, taken from the treas
ury department, and the bureau of for
eign commerce, detached from the state
department. This bureau will d, the
difficult and complicated statistical
work of the department.
One of the most important functions
of the department will be the protec
tion of marine commerce. The bureau
with the greatest personnel will be
that in charge of the lizhthouse es
tablishment, on whose pay rolls are
nearly 3.aOj) men.
The commissioner of navigation will
decide all qnestions relating to the
issue of registers, enrollments, licenses
of vessels and the collection and re
funding of tonnage taxes. He will
also have power to changt, the names
of vessels and will Ie re, luired to pre
pare annuanly a list of ships.
The sup-r n ispc anral oe
steam vessels will administer the
steamboat inspection; laws.
The coast and geodetic surn,', bu
teau will prepare marierS hart ofa
the entire enst line. 'urv .y all of the
rivers to the head of tid e w:i rr, souind
the oean's depths and -.:ly its grt:'
currents, correct the nr::;: i. r's ioa
pass and study disturbar,-s.- of the
magnetic nedtio. Apart from its wc rki
in the aid of nmriner. s .a i:.
tCic bureau wi. dtc - ,oiu f
latitude and lan ul, f r the a.
ment of sta.,:: :::: :'
veys. oils;!;';' mea ' o .m -,-!" ',. T.-c`;l;
t irs andl 0 -t: i2 t
graphical pIsr a in :
country.
Theu new d":-- r: l ;.it al: .: f :,
the treasur ;: .':l :.:'. . .. . .:i . -
tration of affairs rel u= t,. 1..:. "
tion. One of ir ..r::;
revise the im,:'atio i,
and enforr. tit-, all . ,:::',.c isn
iaws. New orc-;; nil-,rer 1'.e nii-7. he
partment wili e,' chargc. wvith the
same duties in th, ",rn;ncen·nt of i
Chinese exclusion laws which former
ly fell to collectors of customrs and in
ternal revenue.
The bureau of labor under the new
department will collect and diffuse
useful information on subjects of in
terest to the American laboring man,
setting forth the relations of capital
to labor, the hours of labor, the earn
ifgs of laboring men and women and
the means of promoting their ma
terial, social, intellectual and moral
prosperity. This bureau will investi
gate all controversies between employ
ers and employees which may inter
fere with the welfare of the public.
The task of taking the census every
ten years will be under the supervision
of the secretary of commerce and In
bor, as will also be the statistical work
of the permanent census recently au
thorized by congress.
The bureau of fish and fisheries will
propagate for the ever hungry public
useful food fishes, including lobsters.
DEPA.RT~XET OF LABOR BUILDING.
oysters and other shellfish. It will in
vestigate the cause of decrease in valu
able food fishes. It will study the fish
ing grounds of the coasts with the
view of determining their value as
commercial fisheries. The government's
supervision of the Alaskan fur seal,
also of salmon and other fisheries hith
erto undertaken under the treasury.
will be transferred to the new depart
ment.
With all this to attend to the dspart
ment of commerce and labor will be
about the busiest of Uncle Sam's great
government mills. One of the difficul
ties in operating it is that some of the
workshops are scattered rather widely
over this City of Magnificent Dis
tances. The coast and geodetic sur
vey, on Capitol hill. is a mile and a
half east of the White House. The new
building now being erected for the bu
reau of standards will be three and a
ha" miles northwest of the White
House. and the fish commission is in
the center of the malL
In his estimate of the financial needs
of his department Secretary Cortelyon
asked congress for an appropriation of
POMloOa00M for a suitable building,
which. however, congress declined to
grant e.ther in whole or in part. This
does look like a big sum of money for
the hoeming of the new department,
but with the vast and varied amount
of bsiness committed to it, the great
number of woakers employed and the
psioiitil of its future grwth $,
IMEaO does not seem so mIe~ after al.
J A. EL H IIUBARD.
4_ -
NOVEL INDUSTRY WHICH IS CARR ~
ON IN INDIANA.
An Enterprise WVhich Requires ie
Large Capital to Establish and
Maintain--iton the F:sh ire Fed
and R-iried.
Indianap.lis. Ind.. Marh 17.--Not fr
from this cIty is .: f.:rrn. ae :. td
uni:ltim purpose, the ault:it.-.i _f
fish. It is a source ,of -on.-t:. ,:.i ht
to the smal lboys of the vi'ei:ly :1d i
of interist to all stranzers who chalin e
to pay it a visit. HerHero hlfish ;::l
bred on a colossal scale. th- fatrin i"
Ing, in fact, the largest goidfish brold
ing place in the world. with an annual
output valued at $240i)).
To the visitor the place presents an
attractive aspect. consisting as it does
of a series of ponds surrounded by
shrubbery and trees. These ponds are
PXEParfa GA MEAL FOR GOLDFTISH
constructei' with a view to m':-otg the
require i s ,of the fish ii thent-.tr:i
stages ,f t. 'ir dev ,-,y . , :.t. ii;..he+l
in one d,,it.'. they r'm1ln 2_ .er until
they hay, ; !taino n , T-:in rovi:l
nid th-en pass i radu-ly fr._. ' - pond
to .a..tlr .ntil w n l,. . h~~a :," no- hr-i
iap. cf ,r molth a .Mh -tu y :o r_ ift;
In this t- ,- sj, u : t
tic' l r, : t.:.'fl h , : t :.r y C '.,,- :n:o i
thi '. Itb ll :L7 lone/ t, :lamt their
full rroth an'o w ,zrh
Tl.- va'hle of ' fish dep,',ds on its
stap=, color and v-eialt. a'.. on. that
is imperfect in thibe: re- pets i n::e
diately thrown out as worthi esL .!l
sorts of goldfish are grown here. As
oven the cheapest kinds sell for from
5 to 10 rents apiece at wholesale, it
will be seen that there is money in the
business for one who knows how to
conduct it properly. Some species sei!
for from 40 to 30 cents each at whole
sai!.
The requirements for making a suc
cess of goldfish breeding are so exact
ing, however, that it would be inad
visable for any one with a small cap
ital to embark in this industry. It
cost the owners of this farm almost as
much to stock it as though they were
going to raise fancy cattle, for the
fish they imported for breeding in
cluded the finest specimens raised in
China and Japan. In some instances
they were compelled to pay over $100
each for telescope fish, which is the
most aristocratic of all goldfish. The
telescope has very large eyes, standing
out from its head in sockets like tele
scope cases. In color it is of a reddish
gold tint, a -he considered perfect by
fish breeders and dealers.
Other fine species of fish found at
this farm are the comet and the fan
tail. These am noted more for their
tails than for their color. The comet
possesses a tail nearly as long as its
body and as delicate as lace, while the
fantail has two or three tails, which
open and shut like a fan. It cost the
importers over $10,000) for two can
fuls of these three varieties that they
brought from China, for so many fish
died in transit that others had to be
bought to take their place.
When you have bought your fish,
your expenses as a breeder might be
said to have only begun. At the farm
we are describing twenty men are em
ployed, and there is work for the twen
ty from morning until night. The
ponds, for instance, have to be care
fully watched to prevent hawks and
kingfishers from harvesting the crop.
Crawfish and muskrats are also dead
ly enemies of the goldfish, and the
banks of the ponds have to be pa
trolled continually by men armed with
spades and shovels to stop the ho-~s
made 'by these burrowing rea.tures.
Sometimes the rats in a single night
will bore to such an extent that tie.
ponds would be drained in a few hounr
were not a constant watch kept. and
a drained pond means death to the
goldfish it contains.
Then, again, millions of eggs as wsil
as young fish are annually stung to
death by beetles, water wasps and
devil's darning needles or eaten by
turtles or older fish, for goldfish arce
notorious cannibals, hence the neces
sity of transferring them from pond to
pond ii order to keep together fish of
equal growth and strength. Three
weeks after a fish is hatched it will be
gin to make meals of the eggs on the
grass and lestves around the edges of
the spawning pond.
At this farm some of the ripening
ponds contain as many as 130.00) in
habitants, and no pond has less than
100.000 as a rule. The ponds also hold
tadpoles and frogs. which aid in the
development of the fish by keeping the
water clean and by devouring insects
and vegetable growth. Incidentally
frog raising is a sort of side line with
these breeders, who annually send to
market many thousand pairs of legs.
ometua ARI t the New §lrug
lats and Ja.kets.
[Special Corresvondenee. ]
New York. March 16.-M-3any year'
ago, as Buttercup says. when I was a
very young and impressionable giri. i
found a wonderful book. calel '"Al
wilda: or. The Fem a, Oi ' ,. T
beautiful c-reature whos- piratin-i ::'
ventures formed the ;,...s of th, , .,
was pictured in many pa-s, h't w.
ever the circumnstan es L. .
ways the same hat. inat vith :
ing brim and this rcnirrie wlth ,-,r -
and leaves in w) pit.n' a style tLat ...
remembrance hats rennai:t.d irt ient
mind all these years. WVlhen th,. othLr
day I went to one of the "ope.:.ngs of
the stores I found the evxact prototyp
of the hat worn by the ilnrj.o-ts-t e a
pearing but wicked female pr:ate i
the book. Tie straw was very y,,lcxv,"
and the brim drooping. and around:
crown lying along the drexible br.
was a loose wren,.of beautiful r" ,
roses with limber s and an rich or,,
lence of blossom. such :,s wou:d :,
light the heart of a ltorist. Noth
else was on the hat but these roses. i:
had such a poetic and quaint oild in
flavor that it really made me feeli
most unhoppy to think that the ,1nyv
are passed when I could wear uc'h a
hat.
But there are other hats g::i .rc
every shape under the canopy of h-a.
en. as one lady said. The most of th:
are flat and so covered with bhi,. n a.:
blossom that ;ie really wants , , '-se:
of th-.m. O(ae loviy fancy hL< a at
brim. with bl!e vi:;1et. con:ph.j -ly ct
rimng t. :, n- , l . .. ,
inf the crown. The lisn of ,' :1-lr. n
tion is done :.y a few -I I. .aves e
cunninay al,)n. I .. ,- tre w:as a_"
litsle white ?l;,:a at the hLal .f thi; l hat.
straw inc a rii th 'frow. wtL aiia~ne
mnrel or er,! :-r.A :i, r :l, ,::h,'
wti th -t. a n" l 'rnl: 1 w'::::- '
th' re is e ' "' .. . .
I did no, :' .aly i- t :. " .
hves t a:.. but e <Otmol,w i11 the S"
' .el i n: - j: ,' t:1 t t:
the intnte:o v.-a stron: t.) si .
thinc_ :abouit the short coats for '?rPll
nary wear for early spring. The Mont'
Carlo , oats are still right in the van of
popularity, and where the shou:, 'r is'
absent, as it sometimes is. the rest of
the coat shows the salient feature,-s
which have hitherto distinguished the
THE NEW~ST COATS.
Monte Carlo. However straight the
front may be, the back shows the folds
falling from the shoulder to the bottom
in a flaring line.
Spring coats are in three lengthu.
very short, scarcely to the hips., hail
length and three-quarter. There ire
and will be all the season many of the
long r';lans and, cravenet*,i rain
coats, but the most of the . :!ut .-iia
sists of the shapes mentionoei. Some
are simpy, stitched and hatx, fly
fronts, while others have lines of ri.h
braid or featherbone cordin- roa-:hinv
around in waved En1e. A1l ,f 'e-'
class of .arments have tat colla
One stylish shape is made of biscuit
or castor kersey and has bias satin
stitches several times around, the satin
extending up the sides and also form
ing pocket lids. Some of the Monte
Carlo shapes have bishop sleeves, the
cuffs being trimmed to match the rest.
But most of the coats have the bell or
pagoda sleeves, some of them being
exaggerated in size.
There are for those who like or look
best in that style shorter coats and
jackets with something of a reefer
front and sloping back and many with
a Russian front with belt and still oth
ers with a decided Norfolk finish.
These somehow have by some unwrit
ten law been devoted to business suits.
They are jaunty, but not dressy. There
Is a haunting suspicion of pockets hid
den somewhere in under the plaits. a: .d
for the last few years pockets ha: e
been considered vulgar. probably tbe
cause they were impossible.
OLIVE HARPER.
sB. H. ICKS President. YALE HICKS, V.
W. F. CHASE, Secretary-Treasurer.
DIRECTORS.
YALE HICKS, S. E. HICKS, F. H. GC.cSMAX,-. W .F.
T IT. SCOV-ELL. G. H. STEVENSON.
THE HICKS COMPA
[LIMITED.]
WHOLESALE GROCERS
and COTTON FACTOI
Office and 'Warc!e,,us_- Corner SprinT and T-a,- Streets, and
T exas .' c- .. . "
3We want our merchant friends in the coup
know that our plant is brand new and up to
all respects, and all printing entrusted to us
turned out promptly and in the very latest sty~.
THE CAUCASIAN.
BOWERS' DRUGSTOR
Swe. to Aug. .. :,I ,e. -
Books, - Stationery., Toilet . Arti
and Fancy Coods.
Ian',faicture , ,f , . in t,'ufrf-. ' - S,,ia and
eral Waters. Agents 'r Sndt I~ ' r1 i P t'" T ' , writers"
Fresh Garden Seed.
Prescriptions .arefrilia ..IL .. u Ii . i , .ý ý . t and
,dr -.. _ !t I .. ;- :i. ! ..,i ..- : "* t', _- I; s -
attention.
FRED W. SOWERS. Proprietor.
C. C. iardman & Co.,
LUMBERI, SHINGLES, SAS
Doors. Blinds and General House
Finishing Goods.
U ,: a_3' 8 . - . rr Ty LG- : r rin, n- a rc " - .
Lumrber Y.rd Corner Lake and McNeil
SHREVEPORT. LA.
They are here at last==
OUR GASOLINE STOVES.
Remembner we have now a complete line r( the ,est Gaol!ine Stoves ou
The
"INSURANCE NATIONAL."
Years of experience Live proven the above assertion. The Best as
They are now on exhibition. Call, examine and price, and yiu wiI
F, MARTEL & SON,
Phone 5S5. 211 Te
Gardeners and Truck Farm
TAKE NOTICE!
XWe have received ot0 new crop T. & IV. Brand Cha!fen ge Field
den Seeds from Northern and Easter i seed farms. This seed
strong germinating powers, produces vigorous plants which insures a
dant haraest and means more money in your pockets if you buy
WXrite for catalogue and ask for special prices on Seed Corn, f -[
Barley. Wheat. Amrber and Orange Cane Seed. Alfa!fa. Clocer. Miit_
Seed Potatoes. or send us your order. WXe guarantee satisfaction.
108o Texas St. TUSTEN & WEIB
WHEN IN NEED OF ANY
Fancy or Staple Groce
SIS- OYSTiRS, FRUIT,
or anything in our line, phone or send ue your irderl. le will
prompt delivers and the very best quality at the Iowe Lt ,rices. CIE
take a look at our new line of Fancy roods ajut received.
The I. X. L. Grocery Co,.
512 and 514 Texas St, Phones 87 and 164.
Orton Hotel %A Restaur
Regular Meals Served. 2
Best in the City, - -
FHORT ORDERS ' ~ - ' -
SPEC .. L ATTE:.iO..
701-3-5-7 Texas Street. Corner of Louisia
The Florsheim Bros. Dry oods 0o,
EXCLmTUSIVEry tXVOLES \Li- .1 E7. iN
Dr4v too4 sg Notions, Boots. Sh
ene Alats.
ro, 512 and 514 Levee Street. New Yok -- rankirr