SDFINi)I AAl ALAAMA
DisCoverI ~,i('ai-' Quit at Flurry
STOf)Ck ) I 't,: Pi)AD
in of tlhe Vein I~r .hout 'rT.enty
es I'rotn innivton.--a Stamlp
)ill.i. a i4 ,n I'nt in and
Another .(oi:-: I p.
York. Dec. 31.-Something of a
was caused in Wall street, says
Forld. by the formal annolnce
that gold had been discovered in
in sufficient quantities to
mining it profitable. There was
et a flurry when it was announc
t none of the stock was on sale.
sore than two years the land has
worked secretly. A twenty stamp
was erected even without the
dge of the citizens. Chance led
discovery of the vein of ore, a
y was formed and the stock
t up by New Yor,k Philadelphia
Washington capitalists before the
became publ!c.
value of the ore has been aver
$36 per ton for the past sixty
and another twenty-stamp mill is
up.
mine is twenty miles from An
and seventy miles from Bir
The ledge of ore runs for a
and a half northeast and south
The pay streak varies in width
tWo to four feet.
ELOPEMENT ACCOUNT.
. lOrge of Maxony Having One Pre.
pa1.ed to Pacify His Mubjects.
Dec. 31.-King George of
has ordered the preparation of
i.,ctal account of the elopement
a Princess Louise and the cir.
ces leading up to it for the
among whom the most fantas
are in circulation to the
t of royalty, especially with
to royalty, especially with
ing, according to some opin
people's loyalty and respect
throne. The dynasty being
and the people Protestant,
is being utilized for secta
troversies.
g'S statement, doubtless, will
line indicated in intimations
to newspapers having court
just published afirming the
sole reason for elop
alleged criminal relations
OGron and documentary
showing the elopement I
:'een in preparation.
I: ll-treatment on the part
band, an oppressive court 1
and her fettered existence ,
as inventions.
princess, in her own ac
;tbe immediate cause of her
8alsburg, has written to
friend, presumably Prin- I
e of Bavati., ts telegraphed
":h. It says her father, the
of Tuscany, intended to I
daughter, either in a lun
or in an Italian convent.
already consulted the court
Aid several medical author- ,
na with the object of ob
t.lates warranting him in
the crown princess adds,
ir no time for deliberation. I
*, Arst, that she be taken I
to Dresden to apologize
prince, and she then I
en confinement in a con.
* Sad house. The crown1
the Bavarian court to i
ue e with the court at
permit her children choose
in life freely.
tame trlteken O.
S3.--The Lutheran clergy
have issued an order strik
of the crown princess
prayers.
8 AT TEXARKANA.
Cond.et Theme.lvs tin
a elstenue. Way.
Tex., Dec. 31 4our al
and professional beggars
house In.the State Line
, They are alleged to have
wife of the .proprietor, who
for what they ate. Pis
,.scharged, and a supposed
smb man is said to have
ly for the police. One of the
eaptured. A "legless won.
over a table and a "blind"
some telllnb blows. The
wie pi therem to flight
ver. They are m upiosed to
of toubhbs masuerading as
lar-D t Ceompary.
Dec. 1.--It is learned
.0oo0 company is being or
COtaicnati to build ao
pipe line from Sour lake
with the Santa Pb road for
t obhe gulf. The gur
to be to compete with the
eampany in the Beaumeat
is holes Ia evut)
l sles ait the Stte ntl.
Pl ar At the uai
the aereses at wt
i oehres d o .e s
flaaaº a -lf h I.
-~r.rLC;
DR. ANITA AUGSPURO.
'he New Woman am a I)msturber in
Germany.
An amusing story comellls ron over
the water in r,"'ard to how tlhe woman
question is :agitating the official bre:ist
of the fa:thelrlandi. raulehin An!ita A\ugs
pI)Irg. I; ,. I)... Ire'gularly doctor of laws,
thi ,r4 fore unI 1doubtedl y sai.l 4 n41 1 1114 lr inily.
has 4,ustitute'd ihrs4elf ,st:alard hlearer
oqf ith,'" (.q'Lr an inw wv o 111an ly. "and
vali:intly she inl''hi s into the01 ' fray
afoot :41141 a-horsrh' lq ,. T"he l tout en
.'wfnblel she present: in tie' horse con
test :appears in the pl i tul'1 h1r4.'e\ ith, a
little itei1' of a womllla1 inl knic4'kerlbOCk
ers bestriding a Tig w hitre steed.
'1iiat is 1more, M ll4' ik4ewise i)ppears In
thie kni.iclkerbolckiers wh enl shli is Inot
mountedlll u)ponl thie Ilig white' steed. thus
declaring the right of woIIn14 nrot only
to ride astride, Ibut also to walk free
from tile skirt hondn.'e of the eIgys.
As at COnseqluencle I)r'. An4ita Alugs
pulrg has been arrested time Iand again
A OERMAN NEW WOMAN ON HORSEBACK.
In Berlin. In C'ologne. .Munlich, Wies
baden and last of all in W'eimar, where
a to do was i4ade1 that was noised
throughout the Ipress of (;'ernllltly. In
every 4plaie' wiiIhere she is arrfes'tei Dr.
Augspurg ta1kes advantage of t11i situa
tion to lmalke I~propaganda for hi r enuse,
which oltthials woulil lndoubtedll) y be
glad to spell "ca ws" If only thel (erman
language were eqltal to it. As It is, they
are in depsair. D)r. Anita Augspurg
makes more disturlbance( in Germany
than Dr. Mary Walker ever did in the
United States, and the police there do
not know what to do with her. At ev
ery arrest they are inughled at, and still
they feel as If they must make an ex
ample of this "fighting woman's right
er," as a Berlin newspaper editor calls
her.
At Weimar she descended from a
railway trafi in sight of a policeman.
There had been lately in the little city
much robbery and thieving. The per
spicaclous policeman saw the small
person in knickers and pounced upon
her as a man in disguise, probably the
roblber who had been affrighting the
honest citizens of Weimar. lie asked
her who she was and where she came
from. She replied to him that his im
pudence passed all bounds, and she
bade him lead on to his old station
house. which he dli, perhaps not alto
gether contrary to her desire and ex
pectatlon. for the arrest raised at great
row.
Thie officials of Weimar were put in
a light so ridiculous and so distastasteful
to them that their head. Oherburger
melster Geheimer Iteglerungerath
Pabst, felt constrained to write an ex
planation of the affair for the news
papers. IHe declared her dress. voice,
manner and gesture as she took off her
hat and ran her fingers through her
hair proclaimed Dr. Aniti Augspurg to
be a man. and a susplcious one at that;
hence the arrest. KATE SHIARP.
CHINESE WOMEN.
One of Them at last Speaks Up For
Llberty.
Not long since San Francisco was
treated to the spectacle of a Chinese
girl Oc tor proclaiming before a public
a1 of white and oriental men
and a few oriental women fenced off
in a gallery by themselves that the
time has come when the female sex of
China must be enlightened. The old
order must give way to the new.
The girl speaker was Sieh King King,
Chinese maiden who has come from
her own land to receive the education
of a white woman at the California
unlversity at Berkeley. She lives with
her uncle there, and he approves en
tirely of her revolutionary ideas. Sieh
King King makes some statements
that are surprising. She says the Chi
nese men ar"e ready now to give their
women . both liberty and education;
that they would be glad to see their
mothers and sisters raised to a level
with the feminine sex of western na
tions, but the women themselves are
afraid of the light. These stunted,
timid creatures desire freedom above
all things, but wbhe is offered thepa
-they are coward'. I heir sex every
where, and they run away and hide.
China Itself, yeeh says is in a dan
gerous situation, and nothing short of
enlighte ment among its women as
well as men can nave It. 81eh is the
Hrt woman plite speaker OblChina hab
j1c PaPsei i WIr l us
Iahas , at U KB ngs c. to Iaiv
Manmchurwta t e ruan sorel. t sIh
ingr King Is eml hiuhtse yargs eld.
JAN iBstO.
The WIema Wii ieiibs.
The weoan at soss wUbh bo.
A Few Women
Are Not
Cowards
OI'RAx;. is of the spirit, not of
ther I hy. The irl who ho recent
ly with a ,holtni I hi 14 t I)ur
.ly li gle ot r prir.It r in at i ll ii. til
I fifteen- 'urt l' hi C'hi(';l go liu,-scnger girl
who kntocIked 1d).1n 1)ti0 l,:st rl of ti 1-ch
of bilt s wh,4 o ti ,irit af,, r I It l Ir ld kept
llhem at h:}y till a poli(inlll::nl nll to
her hlp,, the girl who ht ginght h ritn
Away lollr III 11 td hei'O hit io'wh. Sme
loolked o . afraide t to l:tcl , I himt them
sIoles: that othier girl who whenr. tie
Sliked by a Itnegro of . wi c h,'r her strengt.
coolly rw n a hr topin through hi, y thek
tnd sent him ootinff hrolig with pain-
t he st young womre (' IbuIIltl it It ise
11ss Banks, the shotgun hero ite,
wis alone iii her coulntry horse. She
leieurd spmie one trying to enter the
house and Instantly eaught up it loaded
shotIgun and tired at the intruder. Ile
ran likore a trlue streak iinto itht bern,
Ifring o lare shot If lie to of the open
path. Miss Banks. equal to an+ything.
ran after him and firl.ed illlnto the barnne .
H.e was afraid to stir out. By that
time the shooting aroused neighbors,
anid they came runninglh to her aid.
She kept the fellow In the barn till he
was captured. Mayb nextll tinme lie
will hesitate lbefore c<oncluding It is
enad easy to rob a housen with a girl
alone il it.
Yet more striking as ilhlustrahting ftem
cago messenger girl. Jaunitle Ionneau.
N,
A GIIL CAUGHT THE 1t.NAWAY.
She is a daughter of the pIeople, no cod.
died rich little girl who had had all the
courage and real woranlllhood "'protect
ed" out of her. Jaunite took the place
of one of the striking messenger boys
who were dismissed from the District
Telegraph service in Chicago. The girl
had an invalid mother to support.
One day she started out to deliver the
usual telegraph envelopes. A mob of
boys followed her. At a signal they 1
made a rush for her and tried to take 1
the messages from her. The leader of
the mob struck -her 1n the face. The 4
blow raised all the spirit in the girl.
She sprang at him like a wildcat and
knoc'ked him dow-n like a man. There I
wasn't any "weak woman" i1, Jaunite's 1
fiat. As the boy fell his 'mates rushed I
toward her. With feminine resource
fulness she grabbed a hatpin out of her i
cap and Jabbed around her in every di
rection. As the jabs struck home, nat
urally those that received these tokens <
of a girl's regard fell back in a ring I
around her. By that time policemen ar
rived and arrested the boys. Jaunlte I
magnanimously declined to appear I
against her vanquished enemy, the mob
leader. ii
"I guess I punished him enough." she
said to the officer. The reader also will
"guess" that she did. The woman read
er will glory in her grit.
The usefulness of a hatpin in the
hands of a woman of pluck was again
demonstrated when. not long ago, a
beautiful and cultivated young lady.
Miss Hamilton, was attacked by a huge
negro. who sprang upon her in a lonely
place. Not once did she lose her head.
The black fellow grasper her by the
throat and attempted to choke her into
insensibility. She waited till his face
was near enough to use woman's weap
on.,tbe hatpin, to best advantage; then
she gave it to him with nall her might
and saved herself. Perhaps this fel
low, too, will think twice another time
before concluding a girl is an easy prey.
Best of all though, Is the story of
Miss McGilnchy, who caught a run
away horse. A horse attached to a car
rlage bolted down a village street, hurl
ing his driver, a woman, to the ground.
A lot of men stood around. and they
shouted:
"Catch himl Catch him!" but not one
ef them made a move to do so. It was
too dangerous.
s"I eai telb `bat bhorse" remarked
al dd him by the bit and held on till
be stopped. Neat time there is a run
away hba in that town will the men
wait tir a weman ti jump in sad athli
him.? 4USAN PEPPER.
vsinvstte Caees.
Amoneg the new,popular roors ae
at 6brsewn and some gray. pr
y whe it I. ised with blaek
THE WHITE RAGE.
S Rome of Itas Forms-4fternoon Drees
For It iHomea.
11'h11t(t Is th" 'l;(ra juIt t nowI . lrfl som
of h' ti garl ' ,n t- li.terally wI orks ofi
art. Wi lhit,' ill, witlh all sorts of rlufitfl
anld frills of ille', (-r pe lif 2 f. ,'hlif0on
aiind 1Ie arc pl t ill(,11 t # n w hl ,th 'r
the r l i r 'ir I t in i ,ll .sti Wi : 1 rl , ss I' for
I llotus t I" (' ]11 aI' l . I tr IitIll fson f
h favy (e' ara Il:n 'l Ifn i sht skirts
aInd other ILrtl of Ir i, res'-.. 'Th
IighIter l' ir iI ls of hfl: ce-,, .r 4l, Im loy-d ,as
ln rti,-I above flouniie)' i s Insets.
T uffl'(t, . i (atin, 'r lpe de hine i aul) line
white il ri, o di loth are ail fplllf , d to
I nke elegant' gowns f till sart s of
Ik IIlnslfIns. The cloth on l noft con
--
I t
AN AJ'rF2INN foN fO i.
idlerld lout of flaI'- for' str'eet and vishit
2r1nt. b til l li in ite : ftr et In winterfl '
is too fifd i iffI'ilf. Sflnl' of t214 clothii
gownv hBl a' iill tI',r. l'lnarrow border('lifgu
lff for of ifl ,.i0n ' iind] ' r other'. This
g.'es tih t111on i fof comfort anld is lus
2l1ff'. 'ihlf. sparlllatif motifs. fs tillh
're'lf'l cfilf l them. :ir(' Jusllt tilf designs
of inc 1,. without thll' tilling, an ll l thl'y
ca(' tils hlf, tplf'l nf y.1iThl'ere. Solll'
of them lo.)k like tig.Ires Iln, has-rellif.
Thl'e 2re a l ' grlt ualilu . nilb)f l '(osf loth.1)1
libetrty ald s.f a ni" otherf' kinds of light
and yotutl,ful -ilkvii fahri,.< which ari
ifmade i th into the prtloff tlehit ol f frocIksf
ifor evening wiearF. And all of these aref
whitltfa arl i l le to ' tllIn'l witt solllle
kind of lIne(''. I' 'saw o' d'ress for f
Young debut-ll'n 1I lt de II of white tf l'
fet.f with nf ove'dress of whlIft fIld.
which is )w very delicate Sind fraagile
a matelrial t2ra1 It will s.iarcel.y ihear
sewing. Still it Is 1o filmy n2l] misty
1that it ('1a tb comparefd fto nothing hilt
the fog as iI'llows inf fromnt the sea. It
Is too 'fragil' for fornaml entft 2lil3 savef
a few tucks alone t12h skirt or (o( tlhl
flounces. '15'hi f particulalr dressa ha2d if
slip of taff7'tnf. fftl( the tulle skirt wIvaf
made on th ile str'ight,, whic('h Illen.I
that It wa.s glthered .Iat tihe tll. 'and
there' were .e'vera(I'l eks ' rolund thell'
bottom Jlust 'bl.ove tihe deep flounce1'
The w2aist, a (s'nlidfe('ollo afllfir. w:l.s
of the mile. ov(er tafffta, with h:eavy
Ilce l t the htlit an1d sfhoulders-. ''The
sli.eves. were of tulle, sherr'el and fi1
IP(ed tit 2the elbows with d'eepl ruffl(es of
the tull;. bordered with lace. No touch
of colorjs added to these whlite gowns,
21v2 wI 're i2 rioth a 1 arrow fur hor
41r i'pi.t on.
Al. afternoon idrexs for at homes is
made of while ehina erape, and this is
ornamented with inlrustations, *.f
heaivy Ilace of a dceepe(r shade. Some
of the lace has tiny white silk buttons
aldded t tthe design to accentuate the
pattern. They are put in chlusters to
slimultte buds or berries. This partic
ular gown shows- a slight Innovation
in the arrangement of the belt. which
is suggestive of a complete negligee
with a sash. belt 11and long ends. This
Is loosely fastened and Is really a
graceful plan. It makes a dress be
tween a tea gown and a simple house
dress' suitable to wealr to receive vis
itors in. It should always he made of
soft and, flexible material, as it de
pends mostly on its draping for its dis
tinctive character.
Where a lady likmes white and yet
feels that It is rather too young or too
voyante for her age or requirements
she can have it falrly covered with
black lace. For this purpose no lace
will do but ehantilly. Black net. chif
fon, silk mull and fine grenadine are
all seen among the prettiest of the new
gowns. These may have a bit of vel
vet here and there, where the dress re
quires firmness.
For party and house dresses there Is
absolutely no limit set on the material
to be used to make dresses of. except
that it-'must be white. Black comes
next in favor, and some of the combl
nations are curious. One black lace
dress has three skirts, and each of
thee Is bordered with a narrow band
at Ptberi.n squrtrel fur. To ths-gowa
thuw re two a twalia. one *hite -tstai
(f4R hihtf ta. ill. )llany'afin net
gowns have rows of fringe at all the
edges, and these have flounces to at.
tord edges to set the fringe on.
The fine passementerle braids are
put on many of t' . lace gowns. and as
they are prnduced In all the colors of
the season they can be made to match
everything. Some of these paesemes
terle bralds are really beautiful, and
s- delic..t that it teems a mlemomer
to call tint. . 'aid.
uh&BWlaL'3TE -roLuss.;
Compliments
Of the
Season
A NEW] YEAR greeting to you, 0
flrieml' Througi h every dlay of
): maiy you bI. bles]sed with
thc sw~aet., c lichery tI er thll at
no! iinig carii rutllo; Iy yu every (1day
larn rwiý slOi and gain power iin a
imann111e1 r iagrevalth tIo youllt Iif anllNidy
a:In wish you iianything letter thain that.
I yill the platiilforit.
llmen ha lilv mi'ii to l Ihnlllllikflll
for since the twentleth century begain.
\lthiiii thi pIast Ifew f mionths hiii noble
Ilnew w llllllll Illtovi en'll t ihas fin iifestedl
Its growiig strength in the election of
inumetrous lidies to high and reslponsi
ble otlc.es in various westiern states,
fromi tlhat of state superirtenldetit of
pulilde Instruction to county clerk.
Early In 11t02 the last barrier to full
suffralge for women111 was swel)t aIway
ill Auiistralii, and they are taking ald
v.intagei of their new (itizens' righlts
with Intelligence tand rejoicing. Plroh
ably the stroingest. fitnest, mlost (,i
ligltened slpeliimens of ~ onimanhood on
this globde are to le found !i Astrallia
and New Zeiiiland.
For Ihe first time in its history tlhe
neiw art sit I)o of Paris saw in 1:a02
womenti a ppointed51 amoring ItIs prize
alwarding judges. For the llirst time In
history 194)2 saw a woman licensati an
ant apothelieary in Russia. Also t1902
llw the unllversity of Leipale. In (Ier
malny, .oliferring Its degree' oli women,i.
a iiititinction our own A.\lnricaii, DIr.
MI. ('arey Tholmas. president of BIryn
MIawr college, sought i Ii vain a few
years ago. Neither in cold Norway is
the tiew womallln too frozienl itp to Iltove.
Mutllniipl isuffrage has beenit conferred
on lihe feminine isex there.
MIillntile. retirnring to A rt irici. In
the I;iiittdl States 14t'2 has letenil a year
of fuss antid sputter amii ong wotlltn's
icliuis. T'hose that have madiite solid,
diglitevi plrogress airi excelptions, and
those Ireptrlon.s are mostly cntiiined to
thle ciutt.s of counltry towns a iii snull
cities.
It is thlle time of goiod resolutions. To
begill. let us this 1st of .anuary make
high resolve that during the yeatr 1903
we' will niot fuss and splltter, ome
what will. The ha hit of eliern.ally talk
lng, o(f getting wrought illp over trifles,
is a perpetual i power waster.
Thlie iuentail land spiritual sheil,lists
have lheeti grinding lawviy alt their par
ticular brand of grist till it Ibegins to
be fairly iwell knowni iii the comiunil
ty. Their ftmvorlte preachliment early
andi late is "power from within." They
are right. 'here in no power for you
outside of yourself, inot ievetn thel lOwel'
of God, for that mnust dwell and Ibe
developed within you hefore It will be
manifest. "The kitngdom of heavenll I
within you."
Most wonlen would give the best
year of their lives to know how to gain
power to achieve their ideals. They
are beginning to understand that no
boldy else. not even hlusband or chil
dren, can achieve these for them.
Well. can youl gain power whenl you
pour youlrself out from your toes In
-feeble talk? No matter what the in
cmessat talk is. if it he about fashions,
your ailments. childlren or servants or
gossiping over the foibles or deficlen
{(vis of your alcqualintanell bohind their
backs, you are wasting the very lilfe
bloo)ld of your soul in litl.elllities.
Ise silent and think. Thus and thus
only you gain power. When a civil
engineer wishes to supply i city with
water from a small stream, hle builds a
reservoir and it darm and then lets the
lake fill up silently andl gently. Ex
actly so a womanln mIl.v gainl mental alnd
spiritual power. The greatest men of
all the ages. from Moses to General
Grant. have been "silent men." ('hil
dren weary themselves out in constant
Infantile prattle and babyish excite
ment. Women do the same. The frit
tering away of a life in useless-gabt4e
and squabble and ija fussing over fash
lons and clothes is ill fitting employ
mert for the immortal soul of at wom
an in a land where women have great
er opportunity than anywhere else.
The way to stop this femininei fuss
and sputter Is to stop it. Now. at the
opening of the beautiful new year, Is
the time to begin. Let us resolve, first,
that we will only talk when it is nec
essary. Then. when we dco talk. let us
not criticise any human being. I.t us
each say: I myself anm the soul I have
to work onl. 1'Vhei I myself am abso
lutely perfect. thlle I lmay criticise my
neighbor's doings: not till then.
Let us hI strong ailnd sweet and silent.
Let us clothe ourselves with beauty
from within, the beauty that never
changes its fashion e'xcept to grow
brighter and brighter unto the perfect
day.
Miss Charlotte E. Alnslee of London,
was senior lecturer in t'e Cam
1. Training college, has been ap
point 1 head mistress in a woman's
college In Edinburgh. This is consid
ered a great step forward in Great
Britain. for hitherto ladies have not
been looted on as capable of being at
the head of a college. Miss Ainslee re
c'"'v $2,000 salary. which is consid
er( ? i: inense in Great Britain.
Mrt. Levi Young Is dean of the Uni.
vere~ty oc Idaho.
The lady who acts as pa rllamentary
reporter for La Fronde, therioman's
newspaper of Paris, has permission of
the municipal authorities to wear man's
ttire when she is on duty, and she
does so. This is to enable her to occu
py a reporter's seat nto the chamber of
deputies and elsewhere i ofllfal cir
les. The French seem to respect mass
ealne attire even when there is a wom
a i3 it,
1·llliU col tlll
-o-~t ,h,.llL oOCIIL
The Woman's
Woman as
Others See Her
N 1 w as a ;.' IlllT 11 I ii 4
worlan r" l', :i I:: 'lior
girl
Hll lil li'" , !: · ,.I. i ,.,1 th e
bachl 1,r
Illlf rrieI 11'. 11 11 ll ii , il.. l ;ti I.i"1 111
-o111 I'rill' 1l].-l.li ll :13, 1t411),ll,.li, 1"%-;flh
rtai ling i ll l;l th t i4,"1 1 , I , 1 1,. ,llll
tra ry."
"t)h, ye, . l'ce wit ,. 1.11 ., , ,s of
al('eh fri`,rl.hil l ,.'" h'h l . ii. th,, Ia .l
ehor. X''hliilen f:1ll II .. e h ,therM'
neck .orid 1 ll. ,h ot er (IIriilng after
tl't'y hivt, not twi,'e 'T'hiqn Ihy swear
Ilfiir g fri'. ndshi, n i 1 rI 11 li ., iI
o:il otlleir-' hlou.si . 'lhiei hei Ill
eaclh oth'r Aill theIr ., i.. 'Th,, il.%t
thing sons", i 1a ,.,r i1' alte i . ;,nl it's
all 111) w itlh lit,' ii loig friiinl.shili.
W orst of ill. they th'n , and : l I'l e:I, h
other's ietcrlets."
"\W' ll,. the' lVoIIl:ll Sa \Vs 4 1:1 ) 11 dloes 't'
do tlhat tsort of thiirig," IIll iiin the :a
elor girl
"(t h. I siee," (.1)i1111:: 114,1 tlh , lt.h ,.a h
Plor. "ht.,'llyl't 41, iý, o C a. l Ih t it's
absolultely inilissi. ill I'i- her to git
llslike.sl i :Ii a ou it ,(' ,, ai ittentlioii
of o0111 I' 111"11"
"Not ' : hit III It. She is i true'
friend."
"'Oh. I s.i ,; Ihenl she h n't a niinrri1d. I
never heli'll iof :I (Vonaln I et wIho
woulin't tell :i 11il her best friend's bu1)ll
i s to he tr ushll:rntl. If mIen to l l a
their wlve..i iorfhletod inI tlherni. sou.citly
woulllln't IlHt or'ne week."
1h'e' I to1 lirrit Inlian looked slightly
nil'.o fortabl.
"if youl tall he seriuis or"l Iw i liiiiutes,"
remarkedt o I h ahel or girl. "I will hi
srtliht for your IlnefLit the W( l ltl'[le s
womanrl. First, 1she ll must " i
"h l ,aini" pu in thet i incorrigible ba ..-li
"By iuo imealds." ri'etort ted ftlit' b 'h
elor girl. "lhien, h ihing of nil hoinest
turn of ruilii. sbelt, wih : "I tut she isnt'
apt to be the sort of girl who stiikes
men d1iumrb at first sight. 'lTht q sheli
must not hl too bil. llitlllt, rhit rti '111es in1
her opinion of herself ant) consll va'r tiv e
In her hlls. She Imus.t hardly -ver
speak of hrself :Ind always be Inter
ested ,!i the affair's of her fritrn is, even
tho' most trivial. She must not be able
to nllter I sal'reat~ l or a ha:lrsh word
against anllyiody. Slhetlllust be silne
¾7 f
"THEY TELL EACH OTHllIEI~ HF('ECRETT."
and hospitable in her tastes. Hler
house shoulll Ihe openll t all hours. aUnd
she shoull 1be patient, with storel's of
self conitrol whic'h will ('aim tihe excit
ed I.i'eres of tihers'"
"You are forgetting an ii:lportant
charniteristlc.' put in ithe married wo
aitn1l as tl,' o thelsr stoiIppied for l,ri.ath.
"She luist not' e a slois or Ioak' dis
tinettions Ilnllg lher ftilends."
"Oh. yes." continudl the Im'elielor
girl. "Tl'hel s~he imust not ac.t restless
or stupid when there aire only women
around. She must he IIn ill around
good comrtde and nilways full (if fun
and fsunny temlnpered. 'hlles, too, she
must possess ailn absollutey relialble
conecienPe. She will n1t poach o, her
nelghbor's preserves in th l matter of
mell. and she will never betray n con
fidelle, no Iulatter if l(h woma n who
confides in her afterward turns against
her. Site does not force' the con fildences'
of her friends, but of their owns will
they give them to her with the cr
tainty that her advice will be sensible
and her discretion absolutely flawless.
This is the kind of woman who is the
friend of both youlng and old and of
whom all of her sex spi with the
utmost respect."
"Wonderful!" ejaculate .c bach
elor. "The qu:alities you have given
her are wisdom. discretion. strength
and honor--a' manly virtues. Can It
be, my dear .rag lady. that women
admire the masculine in their own
sexa'
But the other two did not deign to
answer him. MAUD ROBINSON.
What Cla.rette Is.
Among the lighter weights of white
oolen material well adapted for the
ypoun there is one ca.ed chlarette.
This Is half wool and I.it silk and Is
pure or mat white, and also cream
and +ary. When trtmmed with lace of
ser the otbhr sbad at white ar ri
oela wI t. e sesulatio chbiffon
ad other laty as It is pe-