-'HE CAUCASIAN.
V O L .II I . . . L A. -D. . . . U 1.
VOL XIII SHREVEP()RT, LA, WEDNESD)AY EVENING," JANUARY 16. 1ia N Io 87
- _------ I r I n II IIh,,mi aml,
423 Texas Street.
BARGAINS FOR ALL. MON SAVERS IN
EVERY DEPARTMENT.
Just received, 100 Ladies .Jackets, jast what you
want for low, $1 50 to $5 00. You will havetto see
them to auDreciate the prices we are making on
hem.
Ladies and Cniiurens' Underwear.
ladies' nion Suits ....... . ach
Iadies' Union Suits. Onireda c ut ...
('hildrens' Union Suits. all sizes
(hilldrens" Vest and Pant. lHeiavy Fleeced ...... 13 to a ,l
Ladies Wrappers r) t..... . , i) t
Flanneletts, for Ladlies Wrappelrs ....... ... ....r
'; i Silk Shirt W alst, 3 0i kind ................. ..
JO Silk Shirt Waist. 6 (0 kind ..4 /i
3O Ladies' ik vdav Skirts ... ............... 4 t
Something for Cool Nights.-Blankets and
Comforts.
Bl.nkets . ......... t ( pair
Comi ort .......... .. ......... 83 t each.
Keep your eye ,,n Our Rug and Matting Debartmcnt.
NEW GOODS DAILY.
Peoples' Store.
The Low Price Makers 423 Texas Street.
Dyspepsia Cure
Digests what you eat.
Itartificia1'y d;., t ,, ff and :aids
'Nature in ist ",a"' . * c . and recon
rricting the: -:hmi; t; digestive or
,.t~ e. It thC ia-: . o'vcred digest
ist and tonic. ;. i :Or preparation
:n approach it in ,i. i.ncy. It in
r "antly reliev. ::;<; p: r',;inently cure'
c )pepsia, Iti ul I,, i t Heartburn,
I latuleice, 5 i r ' mieni, Nausea,
-icck lcadaclih,. ;;A: r;' ,;ia,('ramps and
all otherresuiltsof i-·lperfect digestion.
Frice 5Oc. and $1. Lare t.size c,ntalns2% times
cdall size. Book ail uisutdyscpal lamailed free
"repar"d by E C. De4IlTT & C3.. Chicago.
At All r'. P: im av
"Bcstcnian"
3.50 Shoes
FOR MEN.
Have cut quite a figure in the Shreveport
Shoe Market. There's a vast difference be
tween a "Bostonian" and other $8 5O shoes.
The greatest difference of course, is in the
quality. but in smoothness of style and du
rialty of wear, nothing for the price can
compare with this Wonderful Sb'e,
Ask your neighbor what he thinks of his
"BOSTONIANS."
old in Shreveport only at
Benson's,
421 Texas Street
l * e, - ..'d the Astantees That
They let its r t.lat:! Owner Go.
'Tlei 't s lj:st narived in London from'
the I(:ili ('oast Wal.er L. Bennett, a ntih
who I;: :Ian ep.'lr:,'; "e during the Ast:an
ti ris:,;;: a Lich recalls ider ?lagiard's
story ,u" I:g Sti:,i,',,s Mlines" and the
magltc y.} ,s& of ('aptain Good. /
Mr. Ienue.tt is a la d;1 siurveyor by pro
feusion. ati in: Myly of this 'ear was at
13Lbin:!i:,. a ph:, i t he houndlary be
tween S, icti Iril . l:lantte. io and a
hat.A t,, thlb i ' I l" 11t1attti.
tiiy h lit, I n;:n star hitm was a
0 ;1,: p:ostl .tor at Akrokerri,
t1w, Englisbhnen, for apart and
,y l!li~g t1 .;., ve ti be neighbors,
e nd i:f .\hanti risina y the
h.l .-le : I e <tlr-i ttio. of their bhltk men.
The ainign prj,,:.J o r wient to Eheahin
for prtentie It ". t p-roii-ctd him by
tlih chlitf ,f the villgeo. who gave him a
baI:-t; uil mal of ,lhick n. W'hen din
peir v ::8 o .-r. the' viliager. ruished ill and
batterdl theLt Etlisi;n:lan into unoiln
Sliou-n,::.+. Then tIley iut off bhis head.
Mr. It tnn-tlt l,;eard this terrible story
as he wias ai.rlt to mor.e. liHe was power
less for treprlisalls and expectant of a sim
ilar fate.
On the advice of an eduented native be
went to the head v illge lof the chief of
Sthe Dunkoto and made a dash ftr the
chief's but. If, wax well received and
'fed and pronmisd protection. But so was
the other Englishna.n attEheahin.
While the .ituatlon was still critical.
Mr. Bennett. who is ins.parable from his
emglass, even on the (Gold ('oast. put it
in his eye to think matters over. The
"glass eye" highly amused a shiny little
' Mark boy. one of the chief's sons. lie
e.maed with laughter. Mr. Bennett grin
,M at l i mnad l t monocle drop.
The eeet was g t The Dunkotos
416'e a delde around the Iagllahman.
lInttb led by sad deligkted with
*W "t beai do some pm
" atya Mr
CANAL .MVIENDMENTS.
Great Itrltain Ha. Not Yet Ietermined
What to Do.
Ilandou, Jan. Ii;.-It is not considered
proale at the American unllhav ly that
the foreign office will take any decisive
action lupon the nlndled canal treaty
tLis week. lkejection of tlhe anelldmilent
would be an unpleasant surprise, if it
should be brought ale ut. There is,
however, no definite assuiraince( that the
amertindlnts will either be a( 'ep:tetd or
rejected, but there is a hopeful feeling
that the foreign office will take advanr
tai'gs of a favorabl. opinlillig for bIringig
the 50( years c)ntroversy to an end and
promoting goxsl f-elings t,,.twe.en the
two countries. Thiere would 1~W little
doubt that the cliang.es in the text will
be sanctioned if the Davis anwae;dnent
was out of the way. This is the chiel
obstacle, because it is acadenmic in form
and vague in application, vet on a par
allel with the Suez convention.
England, by virtue of her political
control at Cairo, could close the Suez
canal against war ships in an emne(r
gency, Lord Cromer was instructed do
so, and this policy might be dictated by
self defense if a hostile fleet were on
the way to India. The foreign office
might have stopped Camarara's fleet. if
the American government had suggest
ed that course dluring the war with
Spain. No request was made and Ad
miral Camarara went through the
canal and returned when he found the
fleet could not reawh the Philippine is
lands. But Lord Cromer might have,
prevented either passage if he had beenc
directed to do so. The same. po4-ere
are reserved n-ider the Davis a.ilend
mnent, for America in an em4.genc'y,
will virtually be retained by. England
over the Suez canal so long as Egypt
remains under her political control.
CADETS SCORED.
Congresslinal Investigating Committee i
Call First Clam. Men Cowards.
West Point, Jan. 16.-Cadet Joseph
Barnes of District oldnmbia, who was
one of Cadet Kellar's seconds and who )
seems to he te more knowledge of the a
code corrpfin regard to fistic arguments 4
than an. other cadet at West Point
aeadv4y, continued testimony before
the/congression al investigation com
.mittee when the hearing was resumed
today.
Congressman Smith of Iowa, who ex
amined witness hist night did not mince
words when he endeavored to shew
witness, who is practically on the eve
of gradurtion, that frst class men were
arrogant, ignorant and conceited in at
tacking fourth class men.
Mr. Brigýa of Brooklyn took the wit
ness in hand and asked him minutely
*bout the Kellar-Bsoz fight. While lis
tening to Barnes' deseription of the af
fair, the Brooklyn congressman inter
rapted the witness and asked him:
"Under your infamous and unmanly
code of fighting is it not understood
that the upper class man is selected es
pecially for the purpose of administer
ing a sound drubbing to a fourth class
man, who is celledl ort?"
"Yes sir, it is un,:s rstouo when a
fourth c'la.s man is called out he is to
be whipped."
Oh! so that is the cdle ?" said Driggs,
as be shook his fing,,r at wit,'a,s while
he arose framn his seat, then le aning
toward tihe \witne.;s. he shlutld:
"Young man, this dishe:eraile prac
rice yvnu lave d. .,rih,,l \'vl not be
:lratc.l in :nrv :i,)hltic e'!nh in the
vorld. Upper el}.;s mian whl, is a pnrt
A the calling, lt of :a fo,:rh ela:s mn.n
:r the purp!:o... ,rf ihaviang Lime thrash.d
is a v'ward r.ud :' f,,:rth el..-; man w5"1-o
i1 beatnl is iii. L;lg elso but aIt hcro."
UNDERSEA TELEPHONE.
U.e to Be Opaerteld ?fom Florida to
Cab. by the Government.
New York, Jan. 16.--The first under
s telesphae built according to the in
.rmiM . Mr. Miae L P s, Is l.
Mas Mlle so aný s.. n
An Ex('-,it (C b, tin.
t he [)th: 1 . , tI,,r . t hin. tt't.' i' '
i tt ' . t
thh a l, ,111. .:. I t
I n ,,,licit L.- It .,I i .ei r , , , t:
ta st e :,. . I",',"1; i, , ,, tt,., -,i i. It
te
t lct, 'ii, "
] Lt t O.'.r I, U iiran f:- rii :
re u- . ' pre lh , ti I
lax'I iniq :!bb ' 4.
f 'te t," , I' ,..'' , i IcI" r, ': ' ,!. to'
reIl:` ar' ,' V ,I l in I' ,
retmelttLer I lt'e full natneo , 1I s) ttnp n :.'.
printetd on the front of every p okage.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
sAT rRANO)IsCO, CAL.
LOIT9VIVLLE. IY. ITEW '. CRY'. 'I. Y.
the company equipped a line from Betd
ford Station, on the Harlem railroad,
which ran partly under water, to New
Bedford, Mass., thence to Albany, and t
on to Pittsburg. Where the wire ran
overland, the coils were placed at inter
vals of albout two) miles, an. were in
closed in glass insulators on the poles.
The test was so satisfactory that about
two weeks before the option expired the
company paid the money and closed the
contract with Pupin.
Postofclee Robbed.
Ohattanooga, Jan. 16.-I PostoTfice in
spector's h-adlquarters in this city have
received advic.es that the nostoffice 'at
Sheffield, Ala , was broken nto Monday
Iight andi the* safe Ol.nled and the office
I robbed. Amount of fund secured was 1
not state,(d.
President Improves.
Washingto-,. Jan. 16.-The president'
is daily gait;ing strength and everything
points to speed.ly recovery. He is at.
tending to iimore business than at any "
time sincc his illness, but le does not
expect to go into his office for several
days yet. _ _
Carmark Elected Senator.
Nashvill., Jan. 16.-E. W. Carmack i
was elected United States senator by
the legislature yesterday.
Will He Remnoved to Cuba. t
Wuashlington, Jan. 16.-As soon as the "
war department is officially informed of :
the decision of the supreme court sus e
taining its contention in the Neely case, I
steps will be taken to sceure the prison
er's removal to Havana for trial. Neely c
is now in the Ludlow street jail, New
York.
Would Not Allow the Fight. C
Chicago, Jan. 16.--The governors of t
New Hampshire, Minnesota and Kan. t
sas have replied in the negative to a t
Cincinnati paper's question as to wheth.
er they would allow the Jeffries-Ruhlin
fight in those states.
Stanley's Second Ternm.
Topeka, Jt1n. 16.-W. F. Stanley was
inaugurated govern or ,f Kansas for a
seco'IIt t ine' at n i,; 'i,'lay. The othelr
state oflict rs sw n ar also serving a
atx and teem inin
Shalnghlai, lJa. 16.--Thlri is a famine
in the irevun of ISain Si ..4d it is said f
that 5,0U0,t('o I.,,phI are facing starrva I
11I11 N II11 •11 • 1 n .
Carter'm. Great,
WATCH SALE.
the
Over 400 watches will be offered. The
best bargalns yet in our Great Watch
Sale will be for this week as long as Be
they last.
WI
O's Boes filled case, 7 Jewel* to
Waltham or Elgin movement for
....... .........$ 10 .
O slze, 2-year Crescent E T cast 7 jewel.
Waltham or Elgin movement .....$14 50
O size, 20-year Crescent E T case,? jewel
Waltham or Elgin movement......$13 75
ha
6 size,. 25-vear Crescent case, 7 jewel, te
Waltham or Elgin movement .... $18 25
6 size, 20-year Crescent case, 7 jewel, TI
Waltham or Elgin movement......$12 50 tu
I' size, 35-year Crescent E T Case, 7 an
jewel, Waltham or Elgin movement we
.................$15 00 ce
12 size. 20-year Crescent E Tcase 7 jewel Pr
Waltham or Elgin movement ......14 00 m
TI
16 size, 25-yr Crescent E Tcase, 7 jewel, in
Waltham or Elgin movement...... $16 00
16 size, 20 yr Crescent E T Case, 7 jewel, Ca
Waltham or Elgin movement .....$14 0 to
11 sime, 2yr Crescent E T came. 7 jewel,
Waltham cr Elgin movement..... $16 QO
Ilss. D yr Crecent T Case, 7 jewel ge
9W h f
MORE RICZ HEIRS
Somue iound Ion %lae.nori lhit st ill Life
ly .I.Tre line F)HIate.
N'w York, J.Til. l;.--Pilrs on file in
the .surr(ogate(. s ,tii.. ,,LwaiuIg the
reco.rd of tl.., cais of t he will and estate
of Willui in Marsh .u gave the clu(I
on which nit he wa srx. d .n the heirs,
di.s. vred inI M.is-)uri. to aplwsar oni
F(eb. I and pront .t their it-trests in the
estatie undi(r tli "first" will which ui
not that makiig All.ert T. Patrick. the
lawyer now in rye; toimbs, the chwtfe hn
eficie-ncitary.
It appnars from these papteers that
P.enj:amnii Franklin Rico (of Radiacil,
Stone, County. Missouri, readl of the ar
reist of Allbert T. Patrick and the invm
ti-ry surrounding the estate ofi William
Mlarsh Rice. l:e aceordingly wriote tt
('Captain George McClusky, thien in
charge' of the dlteo:tive bureau, making
sW)m( illnuirles as to the estate, al,,l vwa
referred to the hlw firm in chargie of the
will.
The letter iof B. F. Rice telling of hi,
family hiistory, which is attatched to the
pal,"rs, fully expilains the fae.ts. 11e
says his father's name was David Rice.
He was born in the state ie Ma.-,whu
sRctts. He had three lbrothers and tw(.
sisters, William M. Rice, C(alehl Ri(*.
Frederick. Louise and Ch .rlotte Rice.
After David Rice's wife diedl, the letter
grM.s on, he camle wet. and was later
colnuissiounel co)lonel in the Uiuit.d l
States army, serving through the Mexi
can war. During these years his broth.
er William M. Rice came out to Texas
and established a firm known as Rice &
Nickels of Houston, Tex. His twoi
brot,ers, Caleb and Frederick, followed
soen afterwards. The two sons, half
brothers to B. F. Rice, became separated
and no word being received from them,
the father thought they wore dead.
After the war his father settled in Mis.
*,uri and married. Five children were
born, of whom three are living, and of
these B. F. Rice is the oldest. The
mother is living with these children at
Radical, Mo. David Rice died in De
cember, 1899, being then it few years
older than hi: brother, William Marsh
Rice., I
Up to the receipt of the letters from
B. F. Rice all parties concerned were
confident that David Rice, the brother
of W. M. Rice, had perished during or
immediately after the war of the re
bellion as he was known to ha ve been
actively engaged in it as a soldier in the
Confederate army and had not beenIu
1 heard of after his enli. ment. The
I facts presented by B. F. Rice were ap
parently so authentic that it was decided
to serve him as well as his brother and
sister with citations.
BELIEF OF LEADERS.
They Ray That the 'aciflcatlon of the
Filipinos is Not Far Off.
Manila, Jan. 16.-Optimismn is taking
the place of conservatism among the
military men here, the cause being the
numerous surrenders, captures and de
struction of insurgent camps, coupled
with the increasing understanding of
the American's intentions among the
natives, the propagation of the princi
ples of the federal party and the knowl
edge that they are approved by the
United States Philippine commissiont
and the military authorities and the"
9 carrying out of the terms of General
MawArthur's proclamation, classing all
who do things inimical to the interests
of the army as rebels and traitors. All
these are having pointed effect, with
the offering do local autonomy and pro
i tectiou and the showing of the certain
punishment of those who remain rebel
lious.
The cutting of communications and
supplies has destroyed the remnants of
of the present insurgent orgaui
zation. The inhabitants of the towns
i have d !i to any longer coutribute
secretly to a hopeless cause and it is
generally believed that pacification of a
suffcient number of provisions to inaug
urate a general scheme of provincial
government will be accomplished be
fore many more weeks have elapsed.
The most pronounced resistance at the
present is in remote southern Luzon,
northern Mindanao, Cebu and Bohol.
The first batch of 30 leading insur
gents who have been ordered to be de
ported to the island of Guam sailed on
the transport Rosecrans today.
General Wheaton reports that 5,i
armed bolomen have surrendered at
Benguet. Sixteen of Geronimo's men
were captured Sunday night and taken
to Montalban.
Delgado, commander-in-chief of Ilo
ilo, province of Panay, has surrendered.
Patteruon for Senator.
Denver, Jan. 15.-The joint caucus of
the fusion members of the legislature
have decided to support Thomas H. Pat
terson of Denver for United States sen
a tor to succeed Senator E. O. Wolcott.
There are 91 fusionists in the legisla
ture, including Democrats, Populists
and Silver Republicans, and of these 87
were in caucus. Mr. Patterson re
ceived tes on the first ballot. Sur
prise was occasioned by the announce
ment that ex-Governor Charles H.
Thomas, who had been Patterson's lead
ing opponent, had withdrawn from the
race. His name did not go before the
caucus. The total vote of the legisla
ture on joint ballot is 100.
AMrlermu sad Jamalsasm. ghLt
Kingston, Jan. 16.-News has been
teoosed here of serious fightingon Dec
6 san a, bwees - parties of Aneea
ii! -bo-a'eral 9
A IFFICULl ROIL0 l
Indemnlllity from (hina Will Worry
I e Iwers eiore &4tl,4.
CONGER IS ACTITE.
He Is rroeeedlng on the Instructionms
to I'rocure as Broad a ('omnmer
cial 'Treaty as l I Possible i
for China to Give.
Washington, a nl. I6 -The instrn':.
tionm to Minister ('onger at Pekin. i0,i re.
gard to to the attitude of the I nitedld tates
in the settlement of commercuil privi.
loges to ih accor(led foreigners in Chillna
in the future, have not Yet been per
feeted in detail. Mr ('cnger has been
advised from time to time of the desire
of this country to secure the broadest
p Lsible privileges and to have them
equal between, all nations, but no effort
thus far has. been directed chiefly to the
latter ls,ivt and to restraining the hun
gor of some of the powers for exces
Sve .hmnlmlties rather than to defini
tins of what the new privileges shallal
be of.
Mr. Conger himself showed a sense '
of the importance and complications of
the problem by his request that negotia
tions regarding commerce and the in
demnities be transferred from Pekin to
some other capitol. Some regret is felt 4
at the department of state that this pro- 4
posal was not more cordially welcomed 4
by the powers. but in the nature of the
case it was not a proposition upon which
the United States could well insist if it
was not generally acceptable.
Nothing is known at the state depart
ment regarding the reasons why the
proposal was rejected by several of the
powers, beyond the reason assigned in
one case that a more exact knowledge
of the sitration would prevail at Pekin.
That this argument has some force is
I frankly admitted, but it is felt that it
would be desirable on some grounds to
get the negotiations out of the exclusive
control of the ministers, who suffered
so mun h during the siege of the lega- I
tions. As the matter stands the United I
I States will probably strengthen Ministel [
Conger by one or more experts in com
mercial and financial policies before the
negotiations are completed.
The signing of the protocal by the ]
Chinese envoys is regarded at the stateI
department as only the beginning .of
serious negotiations. Several matters'
fully covered by the protocal cnn be ad- t
justed in a s'-ort time through the action
of the military officers in China.
Among these matters are the establish
ment of military posts on the route to
Pekin and the distribution of the legs- r
tion guards hereafter to be kept at the
Chinese capital. Even these subjects,
simple as they may appear, are not
likely to be free from friction between I
the powers themselves and the other
civilized powers on one hand and the
Chinese government on the other. Then
will oome the settlement of tue in
demnities and the framing of new com
mercial treaties which shall do equal
justice to the citizens and subjects of
all the civilized powers.
Much care will be given to the in
structions to Minister Conger in regard
to the commercial treaties. So many
plans are likely to rise that will depend
so much on conditions on the ground,
but it may not be possible to set forth
in detail just what the ministers shall
insist upon, and upon what points he
may yield. The instructions will set
forth at length, however, some things
which are considered desirable for the
future development of China by aid of
citizens of civilized countries.
Much of the skill and diplomacy which
has been required thus far on the part
of the United States and to the other
liberal powers will continue to be de
manded in order to carry out firmly to
the end the policy 'of the territorial
integrity of China and her p.-otection
from demands which it is believed at
the state department are unreasonable.
All Protest Abandon.d.
Pekin, Jan. 1R.-The protocol was
signed Monday morning, the idea of
protesting against any clause having
been abandoned. I
Democrate Take Control.
Raleigh, Jan. 16.-Democrats assmed
control of the state at noon yesterday
after six years of Republican and Pop
alist administration, Charles A. Aycock
succeeding Daniel L. Russell, as gov
ernor. The inaugural address of Gov.
Aycock reviewed the history of the
adoption of the consitittional amend
ment in this state and contended it
does no injustice to the negro, but
really benefits him. He urged the leg
islature to make ample provision for
education.
Plotting to Kill the Czar.
Nice, Jan. 16.-The po'!ce have ar
rested Prince Victor Nakadichidez, a
Russian, on the charge of plotting try
take the life of the czar on the latter'i
approaching visit here. Prince Naked
ichez, who is a nihilist, was condemned
to death in Russia as an accomplice in
the conspiracy of 1886 against the life
of Alexander III, grandfather of the
present czar. He was also convicted in
Paris of being illegally in the pousession
of explosie machines.
J.. It - The PhoIlis
rild riu a d s that
. r % *9t & p w a e oeoe emes e eo
ILOW PRICES.
" tLiteir rgt!ae 10 llowe, B'ack or Tao at 8-:pair.
(btldren,i 'cgular 10c( Ilos , all sizes, 8: pair.
* Ladies F':I uel Lined Undershirts worth 35e at only 25c. P
match servu price.
Lad'e's nou.sbriuklug Vests sold by others at '$1'00, o
E 65c e.ch. Plants o miithli, sauie price.
Ladies' All Wool Vests worth 1.25 at ouly 98c.'.Pauts to m.
sam& price.
* Ladie's Muslin,Uuderwearat very low prices.
Give us a call. We have a beautifal lot of a!l kinds cf Lad
Underwear.
1W. 4, Ross, 417 Texa
I Want
EVERYBODY,
" h ater. Le
TO KW. e'lt fw" ri.of
4 0,6 S ae their name.,
IWI . , Isotary,
That I Have th
GOODS
PRICE
S To suit every pursc. Up-to-date styles, .i
Worknianship and Finish.
THE FURNITURE MAN.
206 Texas Street.
IO 02C% O(JOO@@@C@ ý-O@@(C
WILL SEND MORE MEN. E
Ten Tbousand Mlore Troopm Will Het
nent lo South Africa.
Y'ew York, .TJan. if;.-Thl-e is a good :1nal
deal of unc'ertainlit as to the .exac.t intern- b(
tions of the governmeint ii rogard ti the- a t
question iof riinlfi rei.n iit.s for Soiuth yom
A frica. s t s the ,Lldo cd.r r. |.)luiil(. iln nal
T'he Tribulne. Th( annuii ,,neiint itle it il
so pi.itively bly ThEl. l,.ot it ia't h ,ii hot
rlintunt of li:uln -l- w l ,' for' is i
had hlni alband(n.d, i oii. i, ",nirt. An
liv,
dict:ed. It is ,roiable Th, ," w a l,
into errotr by . onfuiion of ' flindial'` th:
plans, aIs it is ow s(.til. ' Ill ndd Ane
tion to the ()llmitabularv ti .- tfic , au
in tendls to d i.?at( ,lh to ti ,, ' lN it)( l t e
ry, wh bt ala fighting Ib,., huc, been the
s.rion-l -: kei(( lned It it . " -t "l that, I
\\without ('un)ilil nli I ,II r, nii . ilif. f. )
Swee' ,
fresh 11rltih b ir r1 1,' Th" rie
i' ii i, 'I'., .I t lh
I .i o i' f ,ieII i it itim
eti
fiel
.-. , .1 gul
t go ill, e i, I rt1
If i. - I , ;,,
"1 l " ) '
t gUat .
r siv e.. :i -. 'r
ot f t, .:I
in it i a;.rr rI ,it t. i.l,. tl t ",im )ri m
k w Y r uas ien t nia ri l o ' t l ,i , ,, im l. f
l.forei andrn . I a ,r.-e , . ,-h I;t '1 t
winthd ir- a :i: Saiiieii fixmm i".: W . r- Vi
SleaSd killed in-tael it!r.
con 'rn. .alttiII (),i(t ,, . M il i t
W ichital.as., .an i. (]t ,i:Iru1; tIi i,,' dii
k has been d..clar-"d o)tf at tlli (,tllc ilv j.il p,
with stle hillng ,.txjn fixlll,lr·. \vdr. r,,- Il1
Sle.ased on bail in the suns A.;,")4). Tier pI
ial has been reset fui nextl, ,1.dy. l
It r:
AHUMPHREYS'
VETERINARY SPECIFICS
A. A. IEVERS. Congestlons. Inflamms I
C.iu rien. LUag Fever. Milk Fervr.
B. B.S)PRAids. Lameness. Injuries.
coas Rheumatism.
C. C. S ORiE THROAT. Quinsy. EpIzoote.
cuses f Distemper,
D WORMS. Rots. Grubs.
. E. ICOUGIHSl Celds, Iflnanua. Inflamed
co Luas. Peuro-Paeumonla.
I.F. . COLIC. Bellyache. Win'-.Blown.
Diarrhea. Dyenltery. I
G.G. Prevents MISCARRIAGE.
oN_ KIDNEn Y 6 BLADDER DISORDERS.
TI
Every great city has it- humorous siti
every system ' . .lent, whet'w:
a city or a natrolon, ' its ab.
says a writer i C('asmell's
:sil for l,º-cI wer is the ok r I' eh , kat
about "i'3*st &is"ue Makes Yo u tagh."
And the ansurdities of London would.Ull,
a three volume book. Go where you will
I you cannot escape them. You ask hbe
name of a certain thoroughfare and find
it is Ilocum I'ocumt lane or Eiluing BFa
alley; you ask what parish a certain
house is in and find that the ground foor'
is in one parish and up stairs In another.
Anl you may be surprised to and itf .
live in a certain part of the "ity" that
your parish consists of six bouse and
that it has not even a parish church.
And what, indeed, could be a greater ab
surdity than the city of London itself
the squ i. mile of territory where the
lord mayor reigns supreme In a kingdom
ruled by laws of its own, Isolated from
the rest of the metropolis?
It will surl'rise the majority of people
to know that the parish of It. Mary
Mounthaw-surely a ridiculous name
consists of six houses. that the upper sto
ries of Staple inn are in one district and
the lower stories in another, that there
r are 16 city churches so absurdly situate
i that their expenses reach £12 10s. for ev
ery person attending, and that there are
five inhabitants of the city who have a
guardian all to themselves, and three
other guardians on the city board who
represent G1 people between them.
A good many people imagine that they
can improve on the names of London
streets, and they are often right But the
man who, having three streets, named.-, .Pi
them after his six daughters can hardly!
bo called a public benefactor. 1114 com
binations were "Francesmary," "Amy
ruth" and "Elsiemaud."
Great events suggest new names very
often, and of late such names as Dewey,
street. Khartum street, Sirdar street.
Klondike street and Fashoda street have
gone up in various parts of London. Mr.
(oschcn had no sooner lowered the to
Iacco duty than Goschen street was "p.t
up" at Newington. and there was a gre a
de.mand for Dreyfus streets last year.
The county council street naming depart
mo(lt, which is doing its best to simplify
matters by changing names at the rate
of 2 .) a year, iv perpetually bombarded
with requests and suggestions from pe
vate residents and public authorties.
Sl'l Mall Gazette.
SThe British Empire.
A philosophicnl writer bas lnahte44+ K
stronzly in a well ra aw s pa tes
diffrerene betwe-, and national ap
p,,hrension. No, , Lv many
peal,.h really al, enthe a
I the Britishlw ai Let me endeavor to
- bring it home to my readers by a few
r plain statements of facts. Tbhese islads
are but n seventieth part of the territory
undler the sway of her most gracious
majsty-n territory Iladding one-.ith
of the habitable globe.
The ,great empires of antiquity sink
into insi'nificanne beside it Rome, with
all her ecumenical prete.eions, ruled over
only one-fourth of that space; t"e great
Darius over only oe-fifth. Ar I If we
turn to the modern world we oind that
the dominions of the queen are one
eighth larger than all the Russins, four
times as large as the lands led by the
(;irman kniser aad 16 times as large as
Ir: ice. ý "
.As regards population. ..ntiquity sup
plies us with so data for comparison. It
has left no trustworthy statistics. But -
while the inhaWtants of Itnusia number
12'l.9:I1.827, oF..rance 61.479.901 and of
Germany 80..9.L75 the queen's sabjeets.
spread or.r $,000,000 square
amount to 18.94.--'agijght. ,
view. __X .
a -r