Perrin & Co.,
rs to W. C. Perrin,
18actors, Real Estate
Rental Agents.
Shreveport. La
personal attention to the
bers of the Cotton Ex
ye access to all the latest
for storing and insuring
lete.
e liberal cash advances
its of cotton.
real estate is large and at
we think we can please all
asers.
boases and farms, collect
prompt remittances, and
for non-residents.
patronage and expect to
'by strict attention to busi
eport Turf
nge.
latest and most reliable
s from the races
y day at the
REVEPORT
F
CHANGE
come and get the results
taken from responsible
parties.
ABERT,
of an' Dealer in
, Saddles,
Ilars, Whips,
ES, ETC.
RRIAGE TRIMMING
Y ATTENDED TO.
., NEAR COMMON.
EPORT, LA.
R. SMIT1H,
and Counsellor
at Law.
ing, on Sorinr street.
Iall State and Federal
ETZ,
Groceries.
STREET.
te my new ceesa
Waring
320.
rtaker
in Fine
rs
rdware.
Edwards Street
BUILDING.
et Knives and
4ss.
tooiS a specialty.
attended to day
e will s(ll round
Angeles and San
NEARLYANNIIlJkTEI)
Disastrous Defeat of the British in
Dast Part of Africa.
HUNDREDS ARESLAIN
S. Great Were the !owses of the fted
Coate That Only Thirty*Seveg
Escaped From Nangula.
rr# %ffalr*
Condon, Apris 24.-The war office
has received from Brigadier (General
Manning, in command of the British
forces in Somaliland a dispatch 'later
twenty miles westward of Galadi Som
aliland, April 18, as follows: ' ee
gret to report that flying 'olumn un
der command of Colonet Cobbe, which
left Galdi, April tO, to reconnoiter the
Poad to Walwal, had a most serious
check April t7. On the morning of
April 17, Colonel Cobb was at Gum
burru, forty miles to the westward of
Galadi and had decided to return to
Galadi owing to serious difficulties ir.
finding the road to Walwal and to the
shortness of water. lie was about to
leave his protected camp when firing
was heard in the direction .f a small
party under Captain Olivey, whir to
had been sent out It, a westerly direc
tion to reconnoiter At 9:1l. in the
morning (orlfdI Cobbs- dispatehod
Colonel Plunkett with ee thnen of Ser
ond battalion of the King's Africans.
eight of the Second Sikhs and two
Maxim gins for extrication of Captiin
Olivey. who had rot been wneagei
Colonel Plunkett on joining the de
tachment continued to push on AT
11:45 Colonel Cotibe heard heavy fir
ing in the direction taken by Colonel
Plunkett At about I o'clockl in the
afternoon a few fugitives who were
coming in reported Colonel Plunkett
had been defeated with Toss. The
news has been fully corroborated
since, and I have to report the total
loss of Col. Plunkett's party with ex
geption of thirty-seven Yaos. who have
arrived here. The latest information
extracted from the fugitives is to the
effect that Colonel Plunkett pushed on
after enemy's forces to open the
country] seven miles westward to
Gumburu, where he was attacked by
a very strong force of mounted troops
and enemy's infantry, who attacked at
close quarters. He kept back the en
emy until he had no more ammuni
tion, when he formed a square and
charged with bayonets in the direc
tion of Colonel Cobbe's lirba. He mov
ed some distance in this man
ner. but a great many men,
Including Colonel Plunkett him
self, were killed or wounded by the
pursuing enemy At the last the ene
my's infantry overwhelmned the
square and annihilated all with the
exception of thirty-seven fugitives
above mentioned." The dispatch
closed with the list of officers and men
missing and killed !n action. namely
Colonel A. W. Plunkett. Captain John
son Stewart, Olivey, Noris and Mc
Kinnon and Lieutenants Gaynor and
Bell, all of King's African rifles: Cap
tain Vizey of Second Sikhs; Captain
Hims of India medical staff, two white
privates. forty-eight men of Second
Sikhs and 124 men of the African ri
fles. Two Maxim guns were also lost.
Another dispatch from eGneral Mar
ning, who Immediately on hearing of
the defeat of Colonel Plunkett started
for Gumburru with 660 men. says fur
ther Information reached him from
Colonel Cobbe to the effect that the
latter with 220 troops was encamped
with plenty of food and supplies and
four days' water. He has about 1000
,camels and does not think he can
withdraw from his position without
assistance, because the scrub is thick
and the enemy's forces seem likely
to be on the offensive. General Man
ning adds: "I march again directly
and expect to arrive at Gumburru to
morrow at noon I shall, accomplish
the extrication of Colonel Cobbe with
as much transport as possible and re
turn to Galadi. I can only carry suf
ficient water for the march to Gum
burru returning directly. I shall there
ftore, be--unable to -a-cvan-e -agal-nat the
enemy If latter holds back,"
Report Is Confirmed
Arden, Arabia, April 24.-The Brit
ish transport Harding arrived from
Berberia. the capital of Samoailand.
east Africa, and confirms the report
of the defeat of the British in Samoa
liland. Officers of the Harding say
that ten officers and 180 men of a to
tal British force of 220 men killed :n
an " engagement with- Somalis.
One Killed and Three Injured
St. Louis, April 24.-William G. Su
helfeis of St. Paul was killed and
three persons were injured in a cot
lision between two sections of a pas
sener train near Sprin Valley. on the
Chicago, Minneapolis, St. Paul and
Omaha railroad. At tne top of a hill
the rear coach broke from the train.
stopped awhil'e and then lunged down
the hill and ran into the forward part
of the train, which had slowed up.
Paper and an Address.
Detroit, Mich., April 24.-At the
session of the annual National Mu
nicipal League, a paper on "The Mu
nicipal Situation in the Philippines"
was read by Dr. Paul S. Reinsch of
the University of Wisconsin. Dr.
John Fairlie of the University of
Michigan delivered an address on
"Instruction- in Municipal Govern
ment."
"Gin Rickey" Inventor Suicides.
New York, April 24.-Colonel Jos
eph Kyle Rickey, said to be the orig
inator c f the famous drink known as
"ginricky," comitted suicide by drink
ricky," comitted suicide by drink
iug carbolic cid. He was formerly a
RATHER DRAMATIC.
Mrs. toutsey Touched Howard and for.
dially Shook Hands With Hirm.
Frankfort. Ky., Ap%.- $4.-3. A.
Hardgrove of Pulask* county was dhe
first witness is the Howard trial Thurs*
day. He had testified fi Srmes trials
tXnd as "estemonq was ac8 tifferent
Irom thaat gives irerof .e * come
points.
John tastia. a #oat *ardwaoe elew
chant, gl4 of Voutsey aed X*. Johnson
toming to his stce tea tats bidore She
shooting ant fying ft buy 0 Mause4
rifle. Mastia sail the declined 5 se%
as be 'eard Much Salk S killing and
suspectee @ siigi$ S. seO Ib that
purpose. Youtsey offere, M eeturg the
gua anO seS 0 back ** the a'itness at
bis Swa pr*er r a dew days, $5' wiR*
aess atii "euseO and goutsey *i14
him *ot eg nat.o0 e* thetgeiesato
tci any 'Ae.
IC. I N !lioose 4r ,'disca* toerift Ftate
he was is she Soard e4 Trade Sot4
talking R" ames !{wart and dtolibison
when ie was announce- S oebhf* Sa
teeg slts 'tiss $a* si4 acr Mo'
ard.
Mrs Cert $. *oLtsoe Sas ea1 Qd
as a witness at the afternoc4 session.
but wass trtpermize* es t'stitO as "
the conservations tetweei hte busba.4
and htrsett. As she tit the star.O she
touched Howard ca She shoti(ltf S4
raused him to *ok aewinri. Stook
hands with him rordiaN- and afsY with
his wife sin: *cidem was $gqt g ue
dainjate.
;9F T W(S S'Si Ei t.
A*oake *I eves See t Ur untd *E
*',Ilar. to **Ii, gnsti tmt
New York, April 21.-ThF tru:lvs esi
the luiskegee ;Normal and ?ndustrial ig
stitute in Alabama have reteiweS $600,
O0(0 towards tli endowment fund i orr
Andrew *arnrge, 'who attended th.-t
aent meeting 4 behalf of the Tuskegee
schocg whc re ex-President *rov4
Cleveland presided. The trustees will
meet soon to take formal action i a(-
tepting the gift and at the same "me
to take measures to still further it
crease the endowment Mr. Caraegie's
letter conveying the gift says:
't give this wii..out reservatic ex
cept that I require that suitable pro
vision be made from the gift for the
wants of Booker T. Washngton and his
family durng his own or his wife's life.
& wish that great and good man to be
entirely free from pecuniary cares,
that he he free o devote kimseli s
his great mission
"To me he seems one of the greatest
of living men because his work is
unique, the modern Moses, who leads
his race and lifts it through education
to even higher and better things than
a land overflowing with. milk and
honey."
Surprise to t5'ashingtob.
New Yor. April 24.-Booker. T. Wash
ington said concerning the Carnegie
donation: "Mr. Carnegie's gift came as
a complete surprise, although he has
alwyas taken a deep interest in the
question of educating the negro. One
year ago he gave us $20,000 to build a
library and for a long time he has
contributed ,10,000 a year toward our
current expenses. We are striving hard
to complete an endowment fund of
$2,000,000."
ASSAULTED TWO.
Diabolical Deeds of a Negro Fiend MO a
City in Indiana 0
Brazil, Ind.. April 24.-For a time It
looked as though Brazil would have a
lynching. Thos Burk, a negro, who
says he came from Bangor. Me., caught
the ten and twelve-year-old daughters
of Frank Redman ,a blacksmith, while
they were playing in an alley in the
rear of a schoolhouse. The negro
dragged the two girls into the school
house yar4. where he assaulted them
e drew a razor and threatened to cut
their throats if they made an outcry.
One of the girls escaped and gave the
alarm A posse found him behind a
kiln at the Indiana paving brick plant
Burk said that if the officers had been
a few minutes later they would have
found his body on the railroad, as he
was waiting for a passenger train and
intended to throw himse~f in front of
it. The two girls are prostrated.
The nrogressive merchant insists that
his clerks present a neat appearance be
cause they represent his store and his
goods. He insists that his stationery pre
sent a neat appearance because it repre
sents his business. If we orint it you will
be sa'isfied. Phone one thousand.
IrreIeularihtj an Nervousness
This Testimony of 1,500,000 Cured WomezrConfrme by
MRS. EMILIE DANFORTH, 233 Thisrty*Second Street, Chicago.
Vice-President Woman's Omdian Association.
CHicAeo, hi.., Sept. 29, 1902.
- I feel itm duty to let my afficted sisters know of the potency of Wine of Cardui for female trouble, It take, the place of a doctor
in myfaniily.I have had experience with different kinds of medicine but nothing I ever saw or heard of would compare with your medicine.
It is 'an ideal home medicine and when doctor, fail Wine of Cardni
will cure. It cured me of irregularities and nervousness when I felt as 1
if nothing I did would help me. People don't sympathize with those suf
fering with unstrung nerves. I want to thank you most heartily for what
Wine of Cardui has done for me and mine. I am in perfect health now and
it is all due to your medicine which is certainly without an equal.
It is women's nature to be patient. A nervous, irritative woman is always sick. q'he scolding of the house
wife is generally the cry of distress of some suffering mother, racked with unstrung nerves caused by irregular iin
struation, bearing down pains or some other form of female weakness that is making her not herself. osehuld
cares never wrin from the heart the cry of anguish that the torture of bearing down pains do.
It is female weakness that is killing so many mothers. it is sad to see sweet tempered and loving motiers I,
coming hagardhsickly, cross and nervous unlovely creatures when even their nearest relatives and dearestfrijw ii - r
know enough of the truth to give sympathy.
People do not understand female weakness and its powertocrush a woman's life. Mrs. Danforth kr- ws about
it and she wrote this letter to show sick, tired, nervous and worn out women the way to health.
She has shown you that Wine of Cardui is the best and surest medicine to take to secure healt'. You
owe it to your family and friends to secure health. You can have health by taking Wine of Car' i. W h nut
begin now? There is no better time. There is no surer way. Wine of ýardui imparts health an 1 -r nth to
the female organism. This relieves the nerves of strain and tension. This medicine .. ti .0aw
bearing down pains. It ba.nishes the last traces of irritation of the membranes and maintains rrgzuarity
Dn the menstrual flow.
CHARTER
")f TiE$ . IEARNE COMPVs,
.IMITED.
$'nite" Oitates td Americy jtate (it
.ouisiana. parish of Caddo: Be b
know' that en this She Sth day o9April,
A. 6). 09 before men Allen Rendall. e
Iotai7 'ublic is ant for the garish c
Caddo and jtate of Louisiana,4uly eom
kiissioneA ant qualifie4 and in presence
of the witnesses $ereinaftig *ndersigned,
9ersonally Oame an( appeared the sev
eral persons chose tames are Sereuille
subscibee. at, Wveraigj feclare# thai
availing Stienseses of the 9rovisions of
the Itws Ci $his Stae relative M "he
organizatiou .1 Corporation they Have
conttacte4 and agreed, ant do %y these
prescte agree end Hin# themselges. ""
swell as such *te9 persons as tray here
taftt* *ecome *ssociated wit them, go
form ant constitute v gorporation end
bode gorporals to %w, fey the ejects
and *urposes aid Sider the agreements
ana stipulatkts )ereinaftt4 s#4 jt*sdi
exytesseg
'We Sam e o f this Corporation M aW S O
THE . II. 11EARNIj OtPNY.
"IIM6TEI ' Sneer 0hicb Same * small
have Corporate Oxistence and succession
*! *eriol d4 Sinetpiine Sears orom
the date of this act, and shaff hage eower
%teoi*rad. sue ande sue.teeptawase,
bease, *ortgage, 3ledge, *flenate to ,n.
*umbet teat estate e personal groperty
(O Overy descriptioe. *n# g4crally b
have and exercise. "r all *urposes iin
Sectet wtitti pr incidental ut Ps ibusiness
as Rereinafte .4 ford all ows *in
terred Spon corporations fv rte %-s4
the Sta.e ** Louisiana.
"RTI'LS ft
9le &imicil ii this c( rporaetia *a
h'e in the et), of lihret-eport, Stat of
Souisiana. *it0in and all oth* gal
procesI shall le <erved clOp the presi-4
dent of the company and in his absence
on '"e retar-treasuiret * the cong
ORTST E l1
4inis Ontoration is OrganizeS Sir rie
purpose of purchasing and selling lands
timber and personal groperty, ant the
purchase. Smanufacture an6 sate (4 lim
ber. ant to buy, Mlanufacture and sell
articles made of ?umber, and@> establish
and conduct a saw-mill business, and to
carry on a general Mterchandise business,
and to Surchase and .wll goods. pares
and merchandise.
ARTIcLE Dl.
The capital stock of this eorporation
shall be twenty-five thousand ($25,000)
dollars, to be rpresented by two hun
dred and fifty (250) shares of capital
stock of the par value of one hundred
($too) dollars. This corporation shall
commence business when ten thousand
($10,ooo) dollars of the capital stock are
subscribed and paid for. All stock shall
be fully paid for in money or its equiva
lent in property, before certificates there
for shall issue. All transfers of stock
shall be made on the books of the com
pany.
ARTICLE V.
Al? the powers of this corporation
shall be vested in and exercised by a
Board of Directors, consisting of three
stockholders, who shall be selected at
the annual meetin" of the shareholders,
to be elected on the first Wednesday in
February of each year; notice of this
meeting shall be published ten days prior
to the holding thereof, in one daily news
paper published in the city of Shreve
port. La. At said meeting every share
holder shall be entitled to cast one vote,
in person or by proxy, on every share of
stock owned by him, and the majority of
votes cast shall glect. The Board of
Directors shall prescribe the manner in
which said meeting shall be held and the
votes cast and the result ascertained. The
failure to hold any annual meeting shall
not terminate this charter, but the of
ficers then in office shall continue in of
fice and shall summon an annual meeting
as soon as possible.
The Board of Directors of this cor
poration shall exercise all the powers,
both general and special, vested in this
corporatidon, as full, in every respect as
the same might 13 exercised by the
stockholders of the. company, and shall
in no case be required to summon a
meeting of the shareholders of the corn-,
pany to ratify or authorize an act, con
tract, alienation or encumbrance done or
entered into by the said board.
The first Board of Directors of this
company, who shall hold office tintil the
first Wednesday of Febrtiary, soon, and
until their -suc-cessora -ar-c icteim ansI
otialified, shall be: D. C. Richardson. W.
H. Hearne and J. G. Newberry, with D.
C. Richardson as president, WV. H.
HeIarne vice president, and J. G. New
herr'- secretary, who shall also be treas
urer.
The officers of this corporation shall he
a president, vice president and secretary
treasurer. Every director shall own at
least one share of the gipitat W>ck of
this conipany.
At all eleetings of directors, the 3i
`ectors lot present in the city of Shreve
port *iay give their proxy or power of
attorney L a Eirector present. who gsay
be presets to east The vote of the atbent
directors on all Matters *hat may come
9efore the *oart, in such sense as the
directce b whom the proxy is given may
see arope, or Oie *roxy Ssay contain
specific directions how and is what sense
She Sote ai We gbsex* directs shah Se
tat
4RWtCI -i
flis 49aec flay 1e Omen&' Sy 4
ride of Three-jourthsef the stockholders
Oedd at " Senera9 feeting gongeneR UO
that *urpose, .ftee Afteeg days' Sotice
eubtishe9 M one of die 6ewspapes 95tb*
&sheR daily uiere city ed ýhreeeport,
"n# aftg " copg ,d the Sotice e4 said
awwing a^ have Seen Wailed t> ea&
,dareade !4 his address, go bft with
The eccreta < cW e company: and She
eI(p(#at?* eiag Se dissolved with *e
*onsetr 4 ahree-*)t s (j die Eck
rt.reserites a0 en4 Oieceiag. lhe Srpita?
stoc* e4 the Sompasy fiay Se Gicreased
<4 EiminiAed Sy conmly sg w itt he
gceerJ 9as (4 Ie Statg of Uouisiasa
tsr. st eiawes.
$%ee es this gorporation hat 9e
.issolser th expiration of Ss charter, or
soon( Svy uae of She shareholders, two
liquidators taff he Acted at a meeting
c4 She Aareholders at a general meeting
.f hie Iare~olders held after fifteen
days' otie. as dove provided. These
liquidtors 4a ontainne in office until
Vie il1? $*q idatio. of the corporation.
an* in ease 4® the &a'li of either of
them. t le lharediolders :nay, elect a suc
c(®1r. c1 is they hi t( select a succes
sor dhe pow os of both liquidators shall
he vesie*in the surviving liquidator.
SRTMLE Sill.
No " tholder of this cc poration
shall ever he held liable or responsible
for hie contracts or faults of such cor
poration in any *irther sum than 4ie
punpaid malance due to the corporation on
the shares Owned by him; nor shall any
mere informality in organization have
the effect of eendering this charter iull
or of exposing a stockholdee to any fur
ther liability lia! the amours of his
stock.
Thus one and passegat niv office in
Pie city of Shreveport, La., on the day,
month and year hereinbefore first writ
ten, in the presence of E. H. Randolph
and H. W. Liebman, competent wit
nesses, who hereunto sign their names,
with the said appearers, and me,4otary,
after the reading of the whole.
(Signed) :
D. V. RICHARDSON,
W. H. HEARNE,
J. G. NEWBERRY.
Witnesses:
E. H. RANDOLPH.
H. W. LIEBMAN.
ALLEN RENDALL,
Notary Public Caddo Parish, La.
State of Louisiana, Parish of Caddo:
I, John R. Land, district attorney of the
First Judicial District, Caddo Parish,
Louisiana, do hereby certify that I have
examined the above and foregoing cher
ter and articles of incorporation, and,
finding nothing therein contrary to law,
I hereby -nrove the same.
JOHN R. LAND.
District attorney First Judicial Dis
trict of Louisiana, Caddo Parish..
April i' 1903.
(Endorsedj: Filed and recorded April
April q, 1903. 4HSEVY,
Deputy !terk anS Ex-Officio Deputy
Recorder.
9 hereby certify that the above and
foregoing is a true and correct copy of
the original act as the same now appears
on file and of record in my office.
Given under my hand and seal of office
on this i7th day of April, 1903.
J. H. LEVY,
Deonty $Terk anO Ex-Officio Deputy
Recorder.
April i9, 1903.
LOW RATES TO NEW ORLEANS.
For U. C. j. reunion on May i; and
18 the Texas and Pacific railway will
sell round trip tickets at rate of $6.55.
See A. B. Avery, ticket agent.
On April 22 to 27 the Cotton Bett
Route will sell tickets to Richmond, Va..
and return at rate of onie and one-third
fare_ limited April 28, account meeting
of Southern Educational Conference.
Your stationery speaks for vowt n
ness. XH culdn't you rather it had ;t go a?.
word to say? The kind we priait isii'e
kind you with.
MARSHAL'S S.tIE.
to. 1378--A- H. Leonard, diceo. A. II1i
son and Heirs 4f W. W. *mith w;.
'Minnie Burwell.
Cly virtue of a Fi F; istued to tie is
the above eititled and mutbcretI caie5 v
the Honorable C. t). Mlick;, frdge of the
City Court. Shreveport. Fourth WVarl
Caddo Parish, ta.. i have seized ed
shall proceed to sel. ace' r'lisg ot law,
within the legal hours for .ales. on the
premises in what is known as the Silvie
Lake district in tttt city of threveeirt,
1., on
UI SDAY, Ai'RIL 28, 1")o3,
one one-room bot house.
terms od sale cash, sbjlect to Wi
graisement.
JAMES V. *A:i I M arshak
*prR 15, 90o3.
SHIERIFF'S SALE.
Sal @t45-4in First Judicial # isict
court of Caddo &'arish. K.a: Mack
i:ellntn vs. Eva Howland.
Sy *irtue (< is writ of seizure and
sale ti me issued in the above entitle'
anaS numbered suit by the Honorable
First District Lours of Caddo Parish,
ta., U have seized and will offer for
Psale at public auction. according *t law,
without the benefit of appraisement, it
the principal front door of the court
house of Cadds parish. in the city 4
Shreveport, La., during the legal hours
fct sales, on
SATURDAY. MTAY 9, 1903,
the following described property, to
wit: Lots sixteen and seventeen (16
and 1!) of block "D" of the Texarkana
Annex subdivision, in the city c*
Shreveport, La.. as per tmap in convey
ance book 22, page 17. of the recorder's
ofliee of Caddo parish, La.
The said sale to be made on the fol
lotwing terms: For coas to make the
stui of $;oo.o0 twith 8 per cent interest
thereon from Febrtarv 4. tr;o' -d an
per cent attorney ' fey-s said sum
)and interest, and all c(", ,'f the suit:
and 1n terms of credit t" p's I tne note
of $3oo.oo due Fcrtruarv 4. 9oo4: and
one note for $:oo.oo due February 4,
19t;; and one note for S0oo due F1bru
ary 4, 1t00: and one note for S 0oo.oo
due February 4, K'07: each note bear
ing 8 per cent interest per. annum from
February 1 1902.
S. J. WARP,
96eriff of 6addo Parish. *a.
aaucasian\ April ;. Igo3.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
o. 8146-In First Judicial District
Sourt of Caddo Parish. La.: Neith
Sodge No. 21, I. 0. 0. F. vs.a~rank
U. Wright.
By virtue of a writ of fieri facias to
me issued by the Honorable First Judi
cial District Court, in the above entitled
and numbered suit,- I have seized and
will offer for sale at public auction, for
cash, according to law, with the benefit
of appraisement, at the principal front
door of the court house of Caddo par
ish in the city of Shreveport, La., dur
ing the legal hours for sales on
SATURDAY. APRIL 25, 1903,
the followinfg described property, to
wit: All of the stock of wines, liquors,
merchandise, furniture and fixtures and
other property contained in the premises
occupied by the defendant as a saloon on
Texas avenue in the city of Shreveport,
La.
Said property seized as belonging to
the defendant and to be sold to satisfy
the debt specified in the said writ, in the
sum of one hundred and fifty dollars,
with 5 per cent interest from April 4,
1903, an all psts of the suit.
S. J. WARD,
Sheriff of Caddo Parish, La.
*attcasian, April 8. 1903.
MARSHAL'S SALE.
No. 138o-A. H. Leonard, Geo. A. WR
son and Heirs of W. \\r. Smith vs.
) Jacob Ford.
By virtue of a Fi Fa issued to me is
the above entitled and numbered case by
the Honorable C. D. Hicks. Judge of the
City Court. Shreveport, Fourth Ward
Caddo Parish, La.. I have seized ant
shall proceed It sell, according ot law,
within the legal hours for sales, on the
premises in what is known as the Silveq
Lake district in the city of Shreveport
La., on
TUESDAY, APRIL 28, o903,
one @vo-room box house.
Terms of sale cash, subject & g
praisement.
' AMES 9. MARTI6. \!tr~al
>ril i. ;qoo$
ST. *OUIS EXPOSITION.
*n April 26 to 30 inclttsive thle to~o*
Belt Route will sell tickets to St. Lottis
and return at rate of one fare plus $!.
limited May 4. on account of the Na
tional and International Good Roads
Convention and she Lotuisiana Purchase
Exposition dedication ceremonies.
p
The Caucasian lives un qo its eame.