SCHOOL TEACHERS IEET.
State Public School Teachers in
Convention.
Large and Enthusiastic At
tendance.
Hospitality of the City fost
Cordially Extended.
The ninth annual convention o@ the State
Public School Teache's' lassociation held
at Alexandria. December 27 and 28, war
one of the .nost successful and delightful
in the history of the aesociation.
Interest sad enthusiasm in this gather
tag of the clss had spread not only over
the town but from towa to town. The
i tpides Teachers' Association led by Mr.
A. M. Hendon, principal of the city schools
ad assisted by Mr. F. M, Welsb, the
erthy and energetic mayor of Alexandria,
*loomed the visitors and saw that they
e placed in comfortable quartets. Is
everything ,or the comfort of the
was as It should be, but the weath
rained, and rained; and as Alexat
La reets and bsnquetts are in a sts so
I incident to the constiuction of
Chi e and street. improvement, going
Lad brse meetings daily woulu have
Ug out imposib e, and certainty very
ADS sole, had not Mayor Welsh proved
the emergency. He personally
harge of a line of hacks for the free
Sortation of the teacners, and othe
rs to the convention, to and r: m the
e of meeting, and with umbrelea and
K d outstLobed aseistel the ladies in
out ol the conveyance..
ae address of wtlcome in tehs:t of the
delivened by Mayor Welsh on the
maug of the convention, was an em.
.meat of the earnest Interest be has a -
vs expressed in the educational afairs
t the state. He advocates beautiful and
commodious school buildings and plenty
of them; better salaries and longer schoo
terms. His vigorous suministration of
the muniloial affairs of Alexandria has
resulted most benefcially, and among the
projected improvemements is an elegant
commodicun school building. The meet
logs, for want of such a building, were
bead in the Immanuel Baptist church.
i ae association was called to order by
President Keeny, at 10a mi. Thursday. and
blowing pragramme rendered.
LIvocation-Dr itoeenpitz.
Cornet Sole-Dr Lehman.
Address of Welcome-Mayor Welch.
Addiess of Welcome in Behalf of Rapide
Teachers' Association-Miss Besets lirwin
lenmora.
Vocal Solo-Mrs McGimsey,
Mr Hester not belig piesent, Prot Aswell
respoqded in behalf of the aswociation.
Alter the nomianson of ( ucers and cow,
mittees for the ensuing year, which result
ed as follows , the convention sojourned for
dinner:
President-Prof J S Aswell, Ruston.
First ioes.Preesdent-Mies A Aurianne, j
Mew Orleans.
Secona Vice-President-Mr J 1 Yeager,
Lake Charles
eoretary-Mise Irma Mecord. Minden.
Treasurer-Prof B 8 Landis. Winnasboro.
A spirited contest for the next moetinj
place of the asesocietion took place at the
morning seeslos. Invitations were extend
ed from Monroe, Fnaklitn and Lafayettc,
which resulted in favor of Franklin.
Uxecutive uommlttoa-Prof C B Ives.
chairman, Franklin; Prof W raylor,
Hasten; Miss Marion Brown, New Orleans;
Mr B P Gayle, Opelouses; Mrs M H Wil
Mlama, Shreveport.
Legielative Committee-Vol F D Boyd.
B iton Reuge; Mies &gnes Morris, Natehi
toehee; Mr J V Loouus, Negreet; Mr B 8
L andis. Wiasboro; Pref V K Byrd, Shrev. -
port. "
At the afterneon sessien Dr B L Stev
ens, president of the douthweetern lsui
lana Industrial Institute. LAfayette, read
as admirable sad valuable paper em "Our
Higher Isstatutlees of Learntag." A live
ly diseassion of one of the polnte in Dr
Steyes*' paper, the admission of women to
the State University, followed. There
o emed to be a stroag sentiment in favor
of the propositeon-and, as some one very
pertinently said, if wsoean will ant be ad.
mitled, let the president of the University
give the reaseon why.
The annual address by Mr JU Henry,
president of the Association, was on a sub
ject of absorbing interet-"The Training
of Seheol Directors." It was received with
deep atMention and frequent applause. A
msahesa was made and earried that the
address be printed in pamphlet form and
distributed over the State by the seeretary
of te Assedamssa.
Atb psa oharamlna paper was read by
it Yeam ot New Yerk, well known as
the 'Asthe et Presten Papers." H. r
_ me was "YTamg Ameriea," and one
-mdrN zeiseins why we lave him-the
user was witty, pashetie, ard phileesphi
ant, sed niegether meet eteltaallng.
A reepwiee at the guets, by the "Mag
SelIa Clob," at ft James esedel building
'tMiSwei. The charming faterior was in
d*WuI nl aermei to the glowing night
A L eilnh et anastle deeorations oomposed
.*':et paIrs and magnolia blanohes,
4S$ dmuly rtlreshment tsles, at whih
bV et Alezaadria's beautiful girls pro.
and served fragrant eoffee and oboe-'
with deloleous cakes, bespoee the
; lit eSrdiale" of the gracious hoe
the Maqaella Club Is oempdeld of thirty
the most eattivated Ladies of the town.
gta a ssist dub purely, this feature
. The elub was organised
the the agesev of Mr F M
Man AM Hendon for se*l.
Its npliftng ian fenoe will
SKSI$t abseugheut the som
om the uleeptlem ommittee
P N Noper, president of the
A N Msadeb, Johnsen. Cal.
Wheedem, Miss Bashing and
IOi" ai the sessioas on Friday
was not abated, rather ioeres-ed by a num.
bar of arrivals Thursday n ibt, among
whom was Prof Caldwell, of th- State
Norma'. whose presence is always we -
co ned by the teaohers.
FRIDAY'S PROCGR MME.
The attec ance of enrolled teachers was
125 or more. Next to the New Orlears
delegation, which was the largest was the
Debotocontingent. as fellow.:
Misses Lucy Parsons. Fannie Rives,
Mabel bmith, Evelyn Allen. Ellon Hood.
Uhelas .illon; Messrs I J Vaughan, L A
Miller. R W Bittle, i L Miller.
Caddo's delegation was small. there being
present but five of her fifty teachb rs
Missee Soap. and Bowell. Prof Byrd,
Mr Mue;ler, Mrs MR Williams.
FOURTH SESSION-FBRIDAY, 25, 10 a m.
Electives in the U'gh School-Mr J C
EBlie, Assistant principal, New Iberia.
Stats Aid for High Schools - Mr B S
Landis, principal of High School, Winni
bire
Biology in the High School- Dr H A
Morgan, professor of liology, Louisiana
State University Betoit Rouge.
FIFTH EblSSl(tN-FRIDAY, 2H .:30 p t.
Free Transportation for Rural Schools
Miss Alice C Hinckley, principal of
Glencoe Schools, Glencoe.
Relation of the Rural School to the High
Sehool-Miss Florence Brashear, Gr.ided
Schools, Lamourie.
Creative Constructive Work in the P>i
mary Grades-Miss Lucia J Lawsess,
training teacher, State Normal School,
N atchitoches.
NTalk to Teachers"-"Author of Preston
Papers," New York,
SIX Fr SES'1IN-FRIDAY, 2, 8 pm
Manual Training in the Gralies-Mess
Ivy F Haraer, professor of lI3mestic
S itece, Louisiana Industrial Institute,
I titon.
Address- Hon G R Glenn, Georgia Stat
School Commissioner, Atlanta.
All subjsfts open for general discussion.
All of the sessions were held to the
Emmanuel Baptist church.
Wortiag during every session of the
convention were the able and Indefatigable
newspaper reporters of our two great
asaies, our own Mr BH Hargrove of ibe
Picayune, who, au as admirer said, and a
lady, "is as good as a teacher;" and Mr
Lee Smith, representing the Times
Demodrat, and Mr Jarreaux of the A'cx
andria "'own Talk" were present and
gave excellent reports.
Teachers' associations and conventic as
are an essential outgrowta of the spirit of
organIsation and investigation and prepa
ration, tLti, in this busy age, marks pro.
gross in the profession, and It is usfortu.
iste for tne profession that hundreds 'I
teachers are not In attendance at the
annual meetings.
fersosal
Miss Birdie Ries Is vissting her aunt,
Mrs Freetiate, in Texarkana.
Mise Lurline Graham of Grand Case is
in the city Visiting friends.
Miss Georgia Austin ieft Wednesday for
Greenville. Texas. to yislt her eseter. Mrs
i Epps.
Miss Mary Calvert returned after spend
nog the holidays with her parents in
Biesville parish.
Miuses Lucy and EZe Wilson are In
Marshall visitiag their mast, Mrs S Worm
leighton.
Mrs C C Mcoleud has returned home
alter a pleasant visas to her saster, Mrs Jai
Peyton. of Ksohbte,
Mrs John Pickets sad family have r*
tuned home alter visiting relitives in
Ccilisgsburg.
Mice Allis Nall of DtQ aess, Ark, is the
guest of Mr d Mrs . Thomas.
Mrs JaD dsotyre of Minden isis the
Miss eassla Seots, who is teaching at
Mershail. espemding the helhtays with an r
paresets in thisly.
_Mrsad Mrs Fetter Carter and their sin,
nr, we In Mew Ur-ass visiting friend+.
Mr and srs Leon I Kaha have returned
hea from new Orleans.
Miss C,,sella Leonard, who is atteadine
school in New Orleans, as spending the
holidays with her cousin, Miss Joees
C.rter.
Miss Katie Belle Leemey has returned
hems faum Natotaltoohes. where she wea
doiehtiully entertaied ry ner rieeds.
Toe home of Mr and Mrs John Arthur
wsu gladdecld Friday by the arrival-of a
sweet baby girl.
see
It is pleasing to record the marriage of
J adge B W dutnerlin and Miss Leigh
WiIni.mson, which ocearred recently at
the hoe n of thi bride's mother, in Stone
wal, B1 vMr Harp. rector of Christ Memo..
rial Ununob, at Mansfeld, oolated, as
sisted by it v J L Spearing, rector of ms
Mark'. eCurob. in Shreveport. The bride
is a care ag mad acoomoeshed lady.
Jude Ssnuerlln and wits will reside an
Shreveport. We tender ocngratulations.
Screavemast
There died in this city on Wednes
day, Decemer 19, a young mmei,
Myron B Hicks, in his 20th year, who
gave promise of great usefulnees. He
wee a m)et worthy youcg man, and
his untimely death was a great shock
to his loved ones, to whom we tender
condolemea* But an'ail-wise, all-mer
dmil God doeth all things well. The
deceased has been glorified in
Heaven.
The Modern Mother
Bas found that her little oane are improved
more by the pleaseant Syrup of Figs, when
In need of the laxative effect of a gentle
remedy, than by may other. Children
enjoy it and I1 benelts them. The true
remedy, Syrup of Figs, le manufactured by
the Laleforuia ig Syrup Co. only.
Des's use greasy, sticky preparatless for
chapped hands, lees and skin. Toilet
Cream "412". Big eour ounce bettle 23 .
Elegsas and unolijotlesable. Allu's
Phaimacy.
We have fresh Vaccine and Antitoxin
at all tames. Mall orders receIve prompt
attautem. Formaldehyde Lamps and D.;
uafeotmats of all kinds. Allen's Pharmacy,
p12 Texas steot, Shreveport, IA.
Position Wasted by * a&r.ouatant.
An ascoustant wants position
thoroughly understands his work
Refere aces given. Write to the Can
Casian.
&INTII R
tNDER EAR.
MENS-20 per cent of f.
Soft. Fleecy, Thick Lambs Wool.
Wocl Mixed, Silk Mixed and Cot
ton. None but dependable gar.
ments.
Wge bought for a heavy winter,
our mistake your gain. Note the
price.:
$1. 60 Per Suit for all wool
underwear, 1 i g h t,
blue and brown, regular price $2.
$2 404 Per Suit, for all
* wool White Under
wear, well made goods, regular,
price . . . . . . . . . . .$3 00.
$2.80 Per Suit buys choice
of several colors and
weights in all wool and silk mixed,
full regular made, worth . . $3 50.
$3.20 Per Suit now buys
chore of several
shades in Lambs `Vool and Cash
mere, reguler price .......$4 00.
Per Per Suit is the pvice
now for extra tine
Cashmneie in light blue and brown
Fashioned and regular made. worth
.. .. $500.
COME E., RLY BEFORE SIZES
ARE BROKEN.
Benson's,
421 Texas Street
NEW
WeMAN
BT
ELIZA
ARCMARD
CONNIR
If a poor young waonan wishes to pay
her own way through college by her
work, the United States is the place to
do It. When I leave told people In Eng
land that it wae not at all uncommon
for hot It yomng women and men to earn
the money to send themselves to col
lege. the ,e persons were very much
surpriseel. They told me the thing
would not b' possible in Great Britain.
There the poor are so very poor that
the prospect of rising in the social
scale by their own exertion Is practi
cally hopeless. I asked several persona
If they l-ad never known over there a
yoeeng woman to work her way through
college. They said they never had.
Then v:lth true Yankee pride I told
them of the Instances 1 had known of
that kitd In my country. Years ago [
was very well acquainted with a
brainy. well horn girl who raised a crop
I of tobaceo to foot a year's bills in col
lege.. It was In a middle northern
state. Her father was a great land
owner. but he would not give his
daughter money to get a liberal e'luca
tion. She resolved to 'get it herself and
did so. All the work on that tobacco
patch except plowing up the ground
she did with leer own hands, which
were all the- stronger and more capable
for It, and not even silly people thought
any the less of her. In this Instance at
least tobacco was a good thing. I have
lately read of a girl who is pitying for
her college course by law keeping. She
has studied the habits of the bees and
found they are not apt to sting persons
who are net afraid of them. In sim
uier site- gie s et) half her time to this
faselirting work. She makes her own
frames ael boxes, thus showing that a
woman ea ate use carpenter's tools and
use thene well. She has the Improved
hives and machinery for her business
and Is making a good thing out of it.
It will not Ie surprising either after
the young lady shall have thus ingen
tously wafted herself through a college
course by aeanas of her been and honey
that she will find there Is more profit
in still sticking to til business than in
becoming a doctor or otherwise enter
Ing on a professional course. Mankind
likes honey better than medicine.
Did you ever hear of the woman
who made a fortune In the restaurant
business by placing at the front door
of her place a sign bearing in large
letters the words, "No Home Cookleg
Here?"
A new profession for woman has
sprung up. It is that of love editor en
a daily newspaper. The love editor
takes charge of all affairs of the heart
for sentimental young women In dis
tress. Since nearly all young women
are sentimental. the profession must be
a lucrative one. Lately one of these
mourning young female souls wrote
and asked the love editor what to do
in the case of difference In theology
between swei'tliearts. One was Caili'
ollc, the other Protestant. The young
man would not marry the girl unless
she adopted his faith, which about
broke her heart, fir she did not wish
to change her religion because, mark
you the reason, "because my folks
would object." That religious faith
which is dependent on one's "folks"
must have struck very deep indeed.
It is like that of the cook n ho said in
regard to her theology, "I changes my
religion to suit them as I lives with."
If you are Interested In society station
ary. call at Allen's Pharmacy and no the
latest and swellest tints. Geranium R'ie,
Nile Green and Aerial Blue, is bcxis, I
tablets and bulkk.
WI-SWhat SIhe 11aM Gained
-F-- oom~gsrI~IItt he Ninweteento
C e t r n r ge s G aji n 1, the T w etatie~th
The girl of 1801. What a vision that
calls up before us' A shrinking, timid
creature with narrow shoulders and
lijy complexion, a girl who was sharp
ly reprol ed if she held decided opinions
of her own, a woman who was expect
ed to shine as an ornament in her hus
band's drawing room, but when
weighty matters were brought up for
discussion was required to stay meek
ly in the background and hold her
peace. True, there were some daring
spirits who occasionally broke all
bounds and spoke their minds, but we
know from Napoleon's attitude toward
1mne. de Stual how such women were
treated.
(fln you imagine a modern girl burst
ing ieto a roomful of these ultra gen
teel laudis? To make things as had as
possihle, fancy her in a golf costume
with her hair blown about by the wind
and har cheeks tanned and perhaps a
little dusty. low I the ioouths of our
ancestors would have pursed up in dis
approval at the sight of her mannish
vest andi her biog collar and ascot tie.
And if, thrusting her hands in her
packets and crossing her knees in a
characteristic boy. ish attitude. she had
regaled them with up to data conver
sation, don't you suppose that before
she had been in the room five minutes
the entire assemblage would have had
a tit of the vapors, or fainted, or in
dulgad in some other nervous perform
ance fashionable at the time?
And would you blame them 'When
you consider what the status of woman
was in their time? Let ite quote from
the records of the National American
Wotnan's association:
"In 198t) married women were not
permitted In any country to control
their property nor to will it away at
death. To all Intents and purposes they
did not own it. The legal existence of
the wife was so merged in that of her
husband that she was said to be 'dead
in law.' Not only did he control lier
property, collect and use her wages, se
lect the food and clothing for herself
and children, but to a very large extent
he controlled her 'freedom of thought,
speech and action.' If she disagreed
with him or in any way offended him
he possessed the legal right, upheld by
public opinion. to punish her, the courts
only interfering when the chastisement
exceeded the popular idea In severity.
At this time it was held by courts In
Pa 1 / /
"1801."
England and the United States that a
man in whipping his wife should he re
stricted to a stick no thicker than his
thumb.
"All possessions passed into the
hands of the hLyband at marriage. If
a married woman worked for wages.
she could not legally collect them, as
they belonged to her husband. She
could not tnake a will, sue or be sued.
Few occupations were open to women.
"No college in the world admitted
women. Men had so long done the
thinking for the average woman it was
universally believed that no woman
was capable of mastering the higher
branches of learning. The few women
of genius who had ippeared from time
to time were pronounced the 'exception
which proves the rule.' The convents
and boarding schools wherein girls of
wealth were educated taught nothing
but the rudiments, while the girls of
the poos received no education at all.
Public schools were in many places
clofted to girls. and when admitted they
were dissuaded from attempting the
study of all bran-lies except reading.
writing and elementary arithmetic.
Women we-e forbidden to speak or
pray in the churches and. In many of
them, even to sing in the choir.
"In 1303 a man sold his wife as a cow
in the Shedield market. England. for a
guinea. Newspapers commented upon
it as a common occurrence. The pulpits
at this time gave frequent exziositions
of the necessary subordination of wom
en, quoting from St. Ambrose as
though Inspired: 'Adam was beguiled
by Eve, not Eve by Adam. It is just
that woman should take as her ruler
him whom she incited to sin, that he
may not fall a second time through fe
male levity.'
"It was upon such conditions that the
curtain of the nineteenth century rose,
the century which the prophetic voie
of Victor Hugo proclaimed to be the
'century of woman.."
We all know what she has gained.
She works side by side with men, and
her work is taken seriously. She re
1 "1901."
ceives the same education as her broth
er. She excels in nearly every branch
of labor open to men. Marriage Is not
the only future open to her, but when
she does marry it is no longer a slavery,
but a partnership on equal terms. She
refuses to be kept in ignorance of the
world, and she faces It with clear eyes
and keen judgment. She is healthy and
athletic. as full of life and spirits as a
boy. and above all there are no limits
to her ambition.
Sere are a few things, for instance,
which she expects to gain by the end
of the twentieth century:
She Is going to vote.
She is going to insist that she shall
be paid the same wages as men for an
equal amount of work.
She will have the same privileges as
a man after her day's lehor.
§he will be able to go alone to the
theater and restaurant without the
painful necessity of dragging a man
with her. W1hen this is brought about.
men will find themselves much. less
sought after.
Wien the nerves of her employer be
coupe a trifle on edge and be lights a
cigarette to soothe them, she may give
herself the same comfort if she chooses.
The fact that she ought not to smoke
because s.a is a woman will seem a
humorous rather than a logical point
of view.
When she marries a man and she is
the larger wage earner, she will be the
head of the house.
Her clothes will be comfortable as
wel) as artistic.
She will hold any or every offIce
where political integrity is demanded.
I fn fnat should matters become too
bad she wouldn't mind becoming presi
dent of the United States.
GERTAUDZ TItAraEL
siwmature. Which 3riag Momey.
One beauty of being a queen is that
your signature even on a scrap of pa
per is worth money, and if you have
been dead some time-but this threat
,7w rvj
ens to be an Irish bull. Here are
three signatures. The first is not, as
one might suppose, the scrawl of some
uneducated "Mariar." but it is the
work ofi he highly hacomplished Mary,
queen of Scots, and it fetches the sum
of $2N). The it stands for Regina.
I The second and highly ornamented
specimen is that of good Queen Hess.
It Is worth $12... The third belongs to
England s reigning suiereign, and al
: though she has reached a ripe old age
I and must have signed her name thou
sands of times a good specimen brings
$10. armw . .
FUl vviNTft WEAR.
Olive Hsrper'u Timely Sug estlons
a In t o aen'R Attire.
NEW Tutu:, I)''. :I. - Tie newest
wt inlen g )ods ail -' 11ndi(ne and sa
warms and comIf ortabl ' look)in:Z that
they ldesir' a sje sni I. Itt I. givo
any id-a of themi. T'h itre' are tany ats
tradk.an plaids where t'e gi und is :a
deep. dark red, and over this is a pliid
figure made of brown ai Mainck ast ra
khan s tave. The plaid nrad, lv this is
large and defined, and whit. pioperly,
made up nothing could he i ore st vl
lsh. There are tw:I1s of t iL Id fash
toned kind, and these are still furt hen
ornamented by hating stripes of astua
kban weave tis an outline to the design.
This produces a very rich effect and a
warm 0on.
There are several designs ti sinall,
broken plaids and checks, and there
are stripes with the tufted wool in thei
stripes. Other pieces there are where.
the surface of the rather loosely woveu
stuff has what we call snowflakes :ill
over the surface in white tufts of wooL
This gives the dress a new and picas
lag variety, and it looks notch more
expensive than it really is. and. b&tter
yet. It requires next to no tritmminiz.
Dark gray with white flecks of wool
scattered over it is the material in the
dress in the illustration. and no kind
of trimming is put on it other than ti
have the skirt made with a ripple
flounce, and these are being revived
for many suits this winter. Many tal
lor and walking suits have this style
of ftounce. wide or narrow, as one pre
fers. Some have a tow of braid and
others a row of stitching at the join
ing. A bias hand of the material is set
on, and this may ie stitched twice or
20 times, as the wearer wishes. St'tch
ing is more like quilting now than any
thing else, slid some of the dress skirts
show scallops and other devices so
complicated that one wonders how it
could be done on the machine.
Some of the chev4ots are gray, with
round rings In black, often with some
other color in the center. This ituakes
a striking scat. Granite cloth and the
always well liked striped cheviot io
two tones of gray are among the most
refined of the winter wools. Chevron
weave Is also popular in the light
shades and the new English cheviots,
with tinsel woven along in the stripes.
Serges when in heavy cords have tin
sel woven In. Naturally this is done
very skillfully, so that it does Dot seem
garish. There are also some bedforl
cords and all the line of cravenette
STYLISH WINTER COSTUML
coverts and estamine cheviots in eery
possible style of weaving. Some of
the serge is woven so that the tinsel
comes Into a wide band around the bot
tom when the dress is made up. The
gilt threads are so cleverly put in that
they show but little and, as the French
say, just allow - suspicion of their
presence to be seen. A novelty it call
ed panne zibeline. and this is generally
in the most delicate shade of gray or
drab or blue and is completely ,-overed
with white hairs, so that the under
color Is seen as through a foggy glass.
All this does not mean that the
smooth surfaced goods are out, for, it
anything, they are more stylish than
ever.
In the illustration may be seen a vel.
utina jacket in Russian green. It ha
slashed around the bottom, and the
wide revers are faced with white sat
In, and along the edges there is a mink
border, and on the Inside of this there
Is a row of small ermine tails. The
sleeves are flowing and have under
sleeves of velutiua. like the rest, and
there are upturned cunis of the white
satin and ermine tails. The dress
worn with it was of stone gray and
white snowflakes over the surface. At
the bottom is a ripple flounce, and this
is set on bias and stitched in. waves.
A very few dresses now show gilt
braid as trimming, and gold ribbons
are being put on the bargain counters,
which is always the deathkxell of any
fashion. itut almost all the millinery
has a long bock to, either g Id or steel
or i oitati In of jewelry. Furs are Islet
extensively for iilhinery purposes and
are setn in brims, Tam (I -anter
crowns or in bows or some other do.
vice. It is muingled with lace or Indeed
anything that conies handy. The tur
bans made of small feathers are pret
ty and till a place nothing else Seems
to this season. Ozuvi: IIfan Z-