THE CAUCASIAN.
Official Journal of the
City of Shreveport.
T~itURSI)AY, MARCH. < '.
PRI?.iiARY 1S CONVENTION.
Aprol,o; the discussion of the prinary
versu. the convention method of nomi
nating tohe next State ticket, there is
one po.int which has not received the
attention it deserves and that is the
basis of representation provided by the
Constitution of I898 for all nominating
conventions held in this State. Under
the Constitution, representation in all
nominating conventions must be based
upon population instead of upon party
strength. With such a basis of represen
tation, it seerms to us, that it is impos
sible to hold a fair nominating conven
tion, no matter how fairly the delegates
might be chosen. A convention with the
delegates chosen by a white primary
would be better than a convention with
the delegates chosen by a mass meeting
and appointed 'by parish committees;
but the unjust and unfair basis of rep
resentation would still prevail; the large
negro parishes with few Democratic
voters would have larger delegations
than many of the white parisheS with
several times as much strength. We do
not understand why such a provision
should have been inserted in the Con
stitution, but as long as it is there, it I
must be obeyed, and no fair nominating I
convention can be held.--Guardian
Journal.
The question raised by the Guardian
Journal, published in Homer, Claiborne
parish, a parish where the whites are in
the majority, that the basis of delegates
to a convention is unjust and unfair and
the large negro parishes with few Dem
ocratic voters would have larger dele
gations than many of the white par
ishes with several times as much
strength" should be considered seriously
by every Democrat not allied to or con
nected with "the machine."
It may be said that the adoption of
Article 2oo by the framers of the Con
stitution of 1898 is a political enigma
which must remain unsolved. This arti-;
cle declares that "in all political con--
ventions in this State the apportion-i
ment of representation shall be on the1
basis of population." Any man of any
sense who will r'eflect a moment will.
reach the coiclusion that such a man
date from a convention in which the.
Republicans were in a hopeless minority
- to direct Democrats in the selection of
tiheir delegates to.a nominating conven
tidis was an outrage which- should have
Sbeen resented and sipurned, but, unfdr
tnutely, only a few have time or incli
pation to peruse such matters, which is
entrusted by, the people to the repre.
sentativesiin whom they confid-.
It .can not be questioned,. indeed it is
a self-patent fact, that under such a
basis of appdrtiotttnent the convention
Ssystem is a cheat and gives to the min
ority Democrats in the State the power
of controi over the majority of Demo
crats. To be plain: In the black or negro
parishes,s where there are only a few
Democrats, on the basis of population,
the delegates from the black parishes to
a Democratic nominating convention
would outnumber the delegates from the
white parishes, where the Democrats are
in the majority. As a Democrat, as an
organ which stands for the rule of intel
ligence and white supreinrtcy, the Cau
casian contends that the method is un
just and unfair, and that it gives indirect
recognition to the negro who, when fig
ured in. the basis of population, becomes
a silent but all powerful factor in the
control of a Democratic convention,
through the intermediary of the delega
tion so nominated, and because it is un
fair and unjust the Caucasian has been
and is opposed to the convention sys
tem, and- is in favor of, the nomination
of all State, parochial and local oflicer,
by, primary electtoas at which only
Deoerats, qualified to vote, can par
icipate. We feel assured that this propo
sition will be (as it .mabeen) disre
sareded, inl fact condemned, by the few
sae in the Stite who would manipulate
co fis~t it rests with the Demo
cmtwho vote to resist or to yield to
:. t adictates of the few. 'The Caucasian
is-sast so much concerned as to who will
.:-ill the various State offices as it is' in
reform -which are essential to the per
petuity of Democratic principles, and
therefofe joins the- Guardian-Journal,
The Felicianas and other newspapers
who have and are urging the people to
action. Of course if no pirotest be heard,
if no objection 'b raised, the few in the
State would scheme and carry out their
program as it will be arranged and fired
"off as the will of the people. We could
not lme these few gentlemen,; adepts
- ithe fie art of politics, to control as
theysa elect5 but the Democrats who
ote and carry elections have some au
thority BaM sheld speak and be heard
he acetasounad.
~Te only fair and just method of
a .t is. pmary election owhere
th=ta Deocrat cast in Claiborne
(a parish) would ..be nqsal to the
he Democrat ii Teasas (a
a degree of 1irmness which will demon
strate that their just demands must re
ceive respectful consideration and fav
orable attention from Democratic au
thority in the State.
WHO IS THE BOSS?
In a recent issue the Harlequin. pub
iishtd in New Orleans, queried: "WVAho
is the loss?" and then queried: ".Are
we to have possession." and then an
s,'ering the query said: "If nt, who is
going to ho1 the thrinu'" The Caucas
inn it concerned in the last interro ga
tion as it i k the seo,1. ibut as wlho
is the 1'ss,. w\ l it ha- log hbeen ,aid
and it is acceeoted. as a fact that Murphy
J. has been tie 1I'- ., the man who has
fixed the triggers and pulled the strings
to suit his notions. Without digressing
we will say that if we were in MIurphy
J's place we would probably set our po
litical triggers and pull em as Murphy
J. is credited with their setting and
pulling. In our opinion Murphy J. is one
of the most astute and smoothest of poli
ticians in the State, but to our subject:
"Who is the boss?" We (us) the people
should be the boss and as the boss we
desire to know h)w and where stand the
several gentlemen who are ready to sac
rifice themselves (figuratively) on the ,
altar of liberty if they can secure the
governorship. It has been said that in
New Orleans or in Baton Rouge is lo
cated the gubernatorial incubator and
that no others need apply, if they be not
of the chosen few. However, that is of
little import since the question with (us)
and we, the dear people, is not so much
the "governor" as to his policy or the 1
policy which the "incubator" may design
and devise. If we could forecast the "in
cubator" we wouldn't care a continental
for the 'governor. We have'long since
recognized the necessity of a "boss." In
deed, in some things (we) are a boss and
anything without a boss must go awry.
The people are the boss but do not know
it and realize their power, when too late t
and do their bossing after they have been b
bossed politically. Here is where we i
stand:
We are in favor of nominations by
primary elections against conventions,
which are loaded, fixed as programmed
and fired off with a "hip, Lip hurrah"
under the strains of the Star Spangled
Banner or the 'Girl I Left Behind nme."
But the bosses will descant and declare
that we are crazy. So be it, but the ma
jority of Democrats in North Louisiana'
who vote are opposed to' conventions
fixed to make public a pre-arranged po
litical program. On that line a lively
contention may be anticipated. Primary
elections, if put to the test before the
ptople, would win in a walk. Because it
wotuld'win il one; good reason why the
Dembcrats who vote may not be given
opiortunity to declare against nominat
ing conventions.
W, (us) are in favor of relieving the
Governor of his power of appointments.
The, Governor of. Louisiana is vested
with greater power than the Governior
of New York. Indeed the governor of no
State in the Union has so great a power
of appointment as the Governor of
Louisiana. This power was vested in the.
executive after the State had been re
deemed from the political vampires and
thieves who then held full sway, but
there is no longer necessity for such au
thority which should be re-vested in the
people. Why should the governor be au
thorized to appoint assessors and other'
officers who should, be elected by the
people? Why place in the hands of the
governor any authority or power which
is reserved to and is of the people? If
a coterie of a few in New Orleans or
Baton Rouge are all-powerful, if these
few can map out and declare the pol
icy of the people, then the people may
as well submit and be . In the
people, the Democrats who vote, rest the
approval or the condemnation of any
scheme which may be designed to foster
the plans of politicians. The contention
is with the people and as will the people
so will be the program political. How.
and where stand the several gentlemen
candidates for governor, on these vital
questions? Are they in' favor of or
against ? Will any of the gentlemen ven
ture the candid expression of honest
opiniong or will they dodge ,about in
anticipation of being struck by the po
litical lightning which may be hurled
from.the few in New Orleans or Baton
Rouge.
Who is the boss? Btit who should be
the boss?
A little less politics and more earnest
thought bestowed upon the industrial
development of the country will go a
long ways toward bringing about the
prosperity, which tle politicians love to
talk about so meuh. The countless num
ber of offices is what is the matter with
the country.-Vernon News.
Quite right; Instead of worrying over
the offices and by whom they are to be
filled, we as Democrats should insist on
the rule of the majority of the Demo
crats and not by the few who would
mnnipulate the machine.
Judge Parker seems to be the presi
cdential candidate of those Democrats
who want to win" and reap the spoils of
office, regardless of what the candidate
may believe or not believe, or 'what he
nay. do in the eent -of hia election. But
th daoem Iot neeessariljy ma that
Pam r theright mnan-- rdian
Harvesting Golden Dollars
- It's harvest time .ALL the time with the thrifty people
who buy their supplies from Montgomery Ward 4 Co. You
can reap a harvest of golden dollars RIGHT NOW by orders
ing your Implements, Wagons Harness, Clothing, Groceries,
S·-. Farm and Household Supplies, etc, from us that you will
.., need this year. We save you 15 to 40 cents on every dollar's
worth of goods you buy of +s. AJnd we sell you only high,
. ftgrade goods that will give you long ande satisfactory service.
SEND FOR CAT.AL OGUE NO. a?
i CCUT OUT THIS COUPON
Scnd for Cata1 cue 1w !) Y anl ,ct rcady fur Spring *x t.
It will save many families more than $100 this year. Ts such a Aarvest montgo er Ward *. Co., Chicago.
uworth reaping? Fill out the coupon and SEND TOD.AY. hcls.ed .,lnI c... ,r .h. . h p.. ce Catal ,
Namr r oNatg _
fo r 0io inoery WVard Co., Mihiga&n e Chicao ....... "'
eMadiSOn St., Chicago Express Office .ost Office
~ijiP~Y" CUtA~~s~f
STATIENT OF JONES
Relates a Statement That Was Told
Him by Knapp.
FEARFUL DEPRAVITY
The )iurderer Told Fellow Prisoner
That He Killed His First Wife
to Get His Second and Her
to Get His Third.
Indianapolis. Feb . 2q.-The first evi.
fence that Albert Knapp killed his
first wife as well, as his second and
third is contained in a statement made
by Charles Jones. who was a prisoner
in the Marion county jail and the
Michigan City penitentiary with
Knapp. The only reference in the
statement of Jones to Knapp's first
wife is this:
"Knapp told me he killed his first
wife to get his second and his second
to get his third."
Knapp's first wife. was Emma
Stubbs of Terre Haute. He married]
her in the eighties and she has since
disappeared.
Jones says in the statement that
Knapp told him he had killed the Geb
bardt child in 'West' In'dfanaptills In
July, 1895. Jones said Knalip told
hini about the killing of his second
wife. He took her to the - ..erty
street bridge in Cincinnati and threw
her oft into the canat arftr choking
her. then he said he *'i nt down to
where she was. She ' as ${ot .dead
and he finished her by choking her.
!fter he had killed her he went back
o town and reported that his wife
was missing. The police authorities
lid not find her un'tl the next day.
Another reason for killing his sec
nd wad that she had accused him
,f killing Mary Eckhart. one said
she was going to expose him. He
old Jones he killed Mary Eckhart for
r5 cents and that his wife had accus.
ad him it. He said he kiled Mary
Eckhart and assaulted her.
Knapp also told Jones of killing a
girl in Cincinnati. He said he was
ying on a stack of lumber. He threw
t pi.ce of timber down on the little
me's head. He thought some one
iad seen him and went down to ex
Lmine the girl. She was tot quite
lead and he was afraid she would
survive and expose him, so he finished
ier by hitting her with a plank Then
)lacing her in a stack of lumber he
left her there.
,Knapp told Jones that there were
other, crimes that could be charged
to him that would break .his neck
three or four times.
One of the peculiar things about the
case is that the confession made
while he was in the penitentiary was
never made public and no attempt
was made to arrest him on any charge
when he was released. If he had been
arrested Hannah Goddard would not
have been mtrdered.
There is much criticism of the varl.
ous officials who knew of the con
fession for not making it public or
seeing to it that Knapp was rearrest
ed. According to the statement of A.
A. Womack, who was . then sheriff of
Marion county, the confession, though.
he cannot fnd it now, was made in
the presence of himself, Warden Har
ley, the chaplain, and the stenograph
er, who took it down in short hand.
Womack said be wanted the judge
and the prosecutor to induce Gover
nor Mount to pardon Knapp so he
could be tried for the Gebbard mur
der, but they refused, fearing Knapp
might not stand by hjs confession.
Womack said his term and the
terms of al) the other officials who
knew of the confession expired.before
Knapp was released from the peni
tentiary .and he supposed they had
just neglected to see that anything
was done, as was the case with him.
Action Denounced.
Jefferson City, Feb. 28.-The house
adopted the following resolution rela
tive to the unseating Thursday of
James J. Butler of St. Louis: "Re
solved That this house denounce the
action of the present national house
of representatfves for unseating the
congressman from the Twelfth district
es rank parisanship.
Negro Shot Dead.
Plano. Tex., Feb, 28.-Jesse McDan
el, at negro, was shot and killed. Con
tabe &ardy- Kenedy surrendered and
w*#a telq5sed O9 a $500 bond.
A PATRIOTIC APPEAL
For Funds for the Home for Needy
Confederate Women.
(To the Caucasian.)
Richmond, Va., Feb. 27, 1903.-Dear
Friends: The managers of the Home
for Needy Confederate Women will
hold a fair at the Masonic Temple,
Richmond. Va., for the benefit of the
H1ome, beginning March the 16th and
lasting ten days. The women who bore
the burden in the dark. days of the Con
federacy are now, by reason of increas
ing years, unable to care for themselves.
Their natural protectors laid down their
lives for the "Lost Cause" and have left
the care of their loved ones as a sacred
legacy to us who have succeeded them.
\ The Home is our effort to meet the
cry of need which has come to us from
many survivors of those times that tried
men's souls. It was opened October 15,
1900, since which time it has cared for
seventeen needy Confederate women.
But many applications have had to be
rejected for lack of accommodations.
We need more room. The State of
Virginia has given five thousand dol
lars, and this fair is an effort to increase
that amount as much as possible, in
order to have a sufficient sum for the
erection of a new building, better suited
to the needs of the Home.
Mrs. A. J.' Montgtue, the wife of our
esteemed governor,' i president of this
committee, and joins us in an appeal to
you for a contrib tion to this fund.
All checks should be made payable to
the Home for Needy Confederate Wom
en. All packages should be carefully
marked "Home for Needy Women, care
of Mrs. A. J. Pyle, No. 213 .E. Grace
street, Richmpnd, .Va." ours for a good
cause,
HOME FOR NEEDY CONFEDERATE WOMEN.
By Mrs. A. J. Pyle, Treasurer, No. 213
E. Grace Street, Richmond, Va.
Mrs. A. J. Montague, President. Miss
Ruby Bodeker, Mrs. A. J. Pyle,
Mrs. A. M. Reddy, Committee.
The Caucasian would urge its friends
everywhere to respond. to the appeal.
Who could be more worthy and deserv
ing of your assistance? A mite will help
practically and substantially. It may be
asid that the ladies and the Home have
the endorsement of the Governor of
Virginia.
MYSTERIOUS CASE.
Prominent Man Found Dead and His
Body Bathed in Blood.
Buffalo. N.. Feb. 28.-Edwin L. Bur
dick, president of E. L. Burdock & Co.
and of the Buffalo Envelope company,
was murdered at his home in Ashland
avenue. The theory at first advanced
was that the crime was the work of
a burglar was abandoned after the
police had probed deeper into the case.
No arrests have been made.
Burdick bade, the other members of
the household good night Thursday
night and started for his room to go
to bed. Friday morning his bo.y,
clad in an undershirt, was found lying
on a couch in a small room off the
lower hall used by Burdick as a smok
iqg room. The body was covered with
a' rug and a number or sofa pillows.
The couch was saturated with blood
and the walls and floor were bespat
tered with blood. The head had been
crushed. A thorough examination of
the house and its occupants was made.
Nothing of vaue was missing.
Mrs. Burdick left home two months
ago with-the intention it is said of not
returning. On Dec. 5 proceeding for
divorce were filed in the county clerk's
office by Burdick.
The Great Queatfon.
"We are to be made one," she sug
Sested.
"Yes," he replied.
"But which one?" she asked.
And in the attempt to settle that
question -another promising matrimo
nial future was spoiled, for woman is
not so unassuming in these days as she
was once upon a time.-Chicago Post.
A Deceitful Cat.
Mamma-You wicked little girl to
say that the poor cat has eaten the
jam, when I can see the stain of it on
your face!
Winnie-So it was pussy! She stole
the jam, and after she'd eaten it she
started licking my face to make people
kbiik I'd done it.
6HE VALLEY QUEEt
Struck a BtE near Hardscrabble sand
ing and Burned to ale Water's
Edge.
A special $ the Picayune dated 'Ticks
burg, Miss., March I, says: "'Le steamer
Valley Queen was burned to the water's
edge at 3:30 this morning at c* near
-Iardscrabble Landing, La., some miles
below St. Joseph. La., and is reported to
be a total loss, but without injury to
any one on board.
The Valley Queen left here early yes
terday mornifig with about 470 bales ofr
cotton, added about 20oo more bewteen
here and Bondurant, all ce which is re
ported lost.
The particulars *eceived have Teen
very meager, and no details as C the
origin of the fire has been obtained so
far.
It appears thAt late last night the boat
had struck a bar below Bondurant,
where she remained, unable to float off
of her own power. Captain L. Brunner,
in command of the boat, telegraphed his
agent here to send a tug and barge in
order to lighten up his boat. At day
night the agent received a second mes
sage, containing information of the
boat"s total loss, and countermanding the
former order.
The Valley Queen was a fine freight
er, with a capacity.of about 4.000 bales
of cotton, and was formerly run in the
Red and Ouachita rivers. She was own
ed by B. C. Rea, Wm. A. Duke, L.
Brunner and other New Orleans parties,
apd, for the past three years has been
run regularly in the New Orleans,
Vicksburg and upper Bends trade. She
has been unfortunate, having in the past
eighteen months been aground, broken
her shaft, been on fire twice, but, not
withstanding, mas popular and well pat
ronized.
Captain T. C. Sweeney, river inspec
tor of the board of underwriters, left by
rail last night for the scene of disaster
to ascertain if any of the cargo of the
burned boat had escaped destruction and
sec if some of her machinery could not
be recovered.
The Valley Queen was built for the
Red River Line in 1839 at Jeffersonville,
Ind., according to plans submitted by
the late Captain George W. Rea. a
prominent steamboatman of his day,
who superintended her construction
from the keel up. She was 192 feet long
and 38 feet beam, with 5.8 feet depth of
hold. and had a carrying capacity of
3,000 bales of cotton.ý She had two boil
ers 44 inches in diameter and 26 feet
long, with six flues in each, and her
engines, which were formerly in the old
Upper Coast packet Belle, had I6 inches
diameter of cylinders and 4 feet stroke.
She had a full length cabiA and Texas,
plain in finish, but furnished with every
thing necessary for the comfort of pas
sengers and crew.
On her maiden trip the Valley Queen
went from Jeffersonville to St. Louis,
loading there direct for Shreveport.
coming to her home port after the de
livery of her cargo. She then entered
the New Orleans and Red river trade
as a regular packet and continued there
for ten years. proving one of the most
successful boats in the trade. In May.
1899, she was sold to the New Orleans
and w'estern Railroad Compat
,was operated for two seasons by -
Chalmette packet Company, a
that concedn, in the Port Chal
Bends trade. She then became tht
erty cl Captain Ben C. Rea, w
since run her as a Bends packet.
this city. In the busy winter m
operated her in conjunction
<tea:mer Clhalmette. She had only
ly resumed her place in the trade°
being laid up for a couple of
undergoing repairs, and it was
Ree's intention to ihave her
through the summer months as
laf weekly packet.
A DRIFT OF VIEW.
Said a well known gentlema
days since, referring to one w
an office of prominence in this
ity, not judge, however: "He's
win favor with the Union meIt."'
xow. this remark was
startling and led the Caucasian
rcflection: \lhyv should any mawn
act. especially one in public
allege that his object is to win th
of any organization-Union. !W
Knights of Pythias, or any
body of men?
The remark simply indicates
of view and of opinion enterta
many. We believe there is time
thing and the consideration of a -
in their proper places. Why s
citizen do or suggest an act,
connecting his motive in a
sense with any organization.
ONLY FIFTY CE
Will Secure the Weekly Caucas
One Year-A Special OffEt
Subscribe Now.
Beginning from this issue and
the next ninety days the sub
price of the Weekly Caucasian
50 cents, a reduction of half the
price.
We want more subscribers.
also to show our appreciation
subscribers whose subscription
rated at, so cents.
We send no agents or solic
the country to whom we must
commissoin. We propose to gi
benefit of the agent's commission 8
subscriber.
The Caucasian is the people's
It is always in sympathy with
masses.
It is thoroughly I)emocratic'
stands for the rule of intellien
white supremacy.
It has an opinion on every is
question and never straddles the.
Besides timely editorials, 1
general news, it gives Talmage's
mons, Foster's Forecasts of the
er. special features for the lovel
and other attractions of literary
Market quotations are revised
and are correct.
All subscriptions at the rate
cents mun:t ie paid in advance.
\'e have been offering by letter.
cial induccCmenCt for 'itt:ements
rears.
Nour oil,(rci~ii'\. ,iil (e ap1reis
Tell .o, r fricsi ",I , i igb'h ,r a
5 Full ONLY $345 EXPRESS
Bottles UNL _ PREPAID
OLDE OLDEN AGE
LINCOLNCL WHISKEY
COUNTY WHi
We, the Distillers, guarantee these goods to t) pure and 7 ynars
old. None better at any price. We will ship in plati bo~,x to any
address, EXPRESS PREPAI D,at the following distiller's prices.
5 Full Bottles $3.45. 10 Full Bottles $6.55. 12 Full Bottles $7.90.
15 Full Bottles $9.70. 25 Full Bottles $15.90.
Free glass and corkscrew in every box. Your money back if not as represented.
AMERICAN BUPPLY CO., 662 Mai SL., HMemphis, Tenn.