THE CAUCASIAN.
Official Journal of the
City of Shreveport.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1903.
SOCIAL EQUALITY IMPOSSIBLE.
We believe in one God, one fag, the
rule of the Anglo-Saxon race in Amer
ica--but social equality never.-Lafay
ette (Ark.) Recorder.
Social equality is impossible; it does
not exist among the whites and negroes
and never will. For instance, the negro
who has progressed in life, owns his
home and who is striving to improve his
condition, will not class himself on the
social plane of the nigger who is a hew
er of wood or a ditcher. The distinction
is marked. The white man, for instance,
who is a laborer, a common toiler, of
limited acquirements, will not pretend
to ape or associate with the man of high
culture and wealth, but he will be con
tent in his own sphere. Such a man
would feel embarrased and out of place
at a social entertainment where the
"bontons" would be at their best. The
social equality, that equality which wor
ries some niggers, may be accepted by
Roosevelt, but no sensible negro will
ever attempt to foist himself on or to
equalize himself socially with the white
man, until the white man shall equalize
himself with the nigger. In such case
the nigger having the advantage should
not hesitate, in a figurative sense, to
kick and cuff the white man at will. As
social equality is impossible, so is amal
gamation except in some instances, not
ably, in Northern States where niggers
altd whites intermarry. The African and
the Caucasian are distinct opposites.
When a nigger attempts to force his
:company where it is undesired he may
expect to be kicked out as unceermon
iously as would be a white 'nan who
would intrude himself in company of
his superiors is* inteUect, wealth and so
dal stsiing Ti %' si an, being the
sperior sll tower -ver the inferior
rice. Aniy reti1tanet tq tis law must
iadt ia ºso1 te ofending race.
n p e to tle; ,ro as a rfae, it may
be :sue ht = y rec gnime their infer
pority1 ab4 id ct orce thems lves
A t w heew wh zhookI be held
` but the Ihit sa Roosevelt
fur . IeHo rev le of motel
and intiq sue tim ene
e 'Wh rabeAiifl1
* l Tr teb a nareeptions,
`t ne a tibý Uihhse
S'on theleah. Let -him
Wt us .~ et
r *t3. c~
-4e
r(
presidential manstcn are to give laws in
social affairs and morals to the rest of
the country. then association with ne
groes in every io-m and manner is the
rule. \Vhethe- it ;Idl be accepted with
out denur it the Northern states re
'eons to b ' ei. No such manners or
jorals ..ill Ik w'trated in this part of
the country.
A TAI:K WITH OUR READERS.
As we have said, we have no agents
or representatives strolliug through the
country soliciting subscriptions, and we
rely on the good will of our friends for
generous support, not only on the basis
of friendship and kindly regards, but
because the Caucasian is the equal of
any weekly publication issued from this
section of the State.
It is not sensational; it deals with
facts.
It is newsy and reliable and its mar
ket quotations, revised carefully, may be
depended upon as guides.
What do we give the tcader?
All the local news, crisply written and
in a style which is within the under
standing of the most illiterate.
Our editorials are always timely, are
strictly Democratic and plead for the
people.
. he Caucasian never takes a doubt
ful position on any question.
Besides local, telegraph and general
news, the page devoted to the woman's
department can not be surpassed. It is
exclusively original and appears in the
Caucasian only in this section of the
State.
It ,has also the exclusive right to Fos
ter's forecasts and to Talmage's Ser
mons. In a word, it tells all that is worth
telling without sensation or exaggera
tion.
This is what we intended to say and
will say;
Whenever you hear an agent disclaim
ing against the Caucasian and insisting
that you subscribe to the "only" which
he represents, and for which he may
talk off an arm in an hour, consider that
this agent has an interest in you to the
extent of making out- of you his little
25 per cent, only that and nothing more.
And having obtained your subscription
from which he draws his 25 per cent, he
will not care a continental for you until
he makes his round to, gather up another
.5 per cent.
This much io said because the Cau
casian has the assurance that some 25
der cent agents have been attempting to
ipaln off their publications as being the
bEst.
We are always willing and ready to
r e isd f and will have no fear
te at honest comparison of
.od ty to the best interests
tatead of sending out 25 per cent
agents to worry those who may be in
arrears4 we send out by mail the indebt
edness of the subscriber in arrears witif
arquest to settle as becomes a gentle
man and an honest man. Of course
uitouig the number are some dead beats
win will never pay. and who will be
dropped, but with such men we would
ban little dealng and leave them to the
futise sn the haudsMof "old Nick."
e ill( dto them will be enough
sad a in uoe than offset their "dead
beatd" $f (he newspaper mian in this
nhd. 'This reark is not intended to
**p to any ote who can not pay but
willing; such unfortunates will hate
sv fal measure of grace, but while we
*M out no 2$ per cent agents, we wish
it nerally understood that until April
44 *w alitie Weekly Caucasian will go
.o one yenr at only fifty cents. Fifty
twetta cash in advance for fifty-two
k radlg Can your neighbor .f
itrd i4 Queýry him about it, please.
R Frring to gubernatorial .candidates
the kansoed Journs? says:
sta.es 0f Ex-Lieutenant Gov
or Saider, Judge S eblacrd and Sec
r 4. $aa Mlchd are the ones most
ad it may be that the win
per n fr pieked from the trio. Colonel
Spider and Judge Blmndhard are well
nall over the State, much better
indeed than Secretary Michel, but the
friends ao the last named say that fact
yRll no' c t in the, round-up. It is
last tat New Orleans will be behind
i t '"this be true, then the sec.
ir.T will be a formidable candidate."
SAnd Metawrason and
re r swould delight to
#a*. t* t. *abnatorial trough for a
- - - - feed.
I*T ,Mep s Counmercial Appeal
Wugests 4e tIf South Carolina will
5r Un-fi~twutant governor, as 5 h
ti will do Such towa*d the
of Mnpechit artillery in the
K NOTICE.
r ti strit Court, Parish
State Lof ouisiana: Sue
sion o Mor' Adams,
h$w t given that Caroline
p phldsratixtasthis dyfa
odebts in said s ectesin,
IladesittooY _ 1ae he .t
Inthe place to buy your Wo e a ebetter goodsat18 r
Chiplcg ¢ at lowa t
splies for les oe; F g Jadmakeqikrhp
also quickeat shipments. B y a W h es l r c sthan an other p1m
* and save 15 to 40 per cent on everything you use. It can be done. OveP 375,000 wide-awake, care
buyers sent us their orders last month and got high-grade, honest merchandise-the kind it pays to buy-at
big saving over usual prices. They were the people who knew the value of a dollar saved. You, too, can do
JA FEW SPECIMEN U.V LUES are here shown, selected from our 1O0page catalogue, which contains pictu
and prices on 70,000
articles of everyday use. - KITCHEN E ACE SE EC
MORRIS CHAIR TABLE CURTAIN
A very handy Made in imitation Our very
Made of golden oak or in time, space and of and took like ! elt dr
mahogany or weathered labor saveri imirded, and high- rto
oak finish. Massive. heavy hardwood: top priced goods. Ces y made, well
carved and well-finished whiteandframe y terhashebeutifulde- I hdinsolid
frame;reversiblecushions finished in the tacheddesignohand u ise nice work,
covered with imported golden color. 2 snie ribbon and - - tera steed for
figured velour plush: ad- drawers, 2 bins holding 50 lbs. of flour or sug- tioral border, and _, ars and is
iustable back. An exceed- ar each, and 2 baking or meat boards. 26x46 edge woven to have mnist wonde
inglycomfort- in. Weight, 90 lbs. One of the the effect of the real rure. 48Li machine for the prii- This is
able chair. $ .50 greatest genuine bargains ever $ *95 inches wide: 4 yards long. Ex- $ .34 positively the lowest price that$
Retailers charge $8.00 to $10.00. offered. Dealers ask $4.50 tot5.50. 2 ceptional value for the price. 1 any warranted machine is teing
Order No. R72. Our Price . . . . Order No. R491. Our Price .... Order Number P122 ........ sold for. Order No. 1.4I,-. Price.
We have everything in all grades, from the cheapest that's good to the best that's made. Write f
catalogue at once, enclosing 15 cents to help pay the postage.
and i"uindi . andIed Montgomery Ward 4% Co., Madison Street, Chic
A HORRIBLE FATE.
A WHOLE FAMILY DROWNED IN
THE MISSISSIPPI.
An Immigrant Car Plunged Into the
River at the Vicksburg Incline.
A Very Sad Story.
At an early hour Monday i was
known to many in Shreveport that an
immigrant car had plunged into the
Mississippi river at Vicksburg and that
a family of six had becn drowned in
sight of a number of people who could,
give no assistance. The Picayune's spe
cial correspondent at Vicksburg gives
the details as follows:
Vicksburg. Miss.. Feb. '.-J. H. Lanl
of Newton, Miss., and all of his family
of six, floated about, dead inclosed in a
box car, which had broke loose from th'e
switch engine on the Vickshnrg, Shrev
port and Pacific incline tonight shortly
alter 6 o'clock, and ran down the in
cline, over the transfer boat Delta and
into the Mississippi river.
The accident is without a parallel in
this section, and brave hearted railroad
men are nmw standing almost transfixed
with consternation at the very awful
ness, of the situation. The last heard of
Land was his shrieks for assistance,
which twenty men, standing helplessly
by, could not give him. Acting Super
intendent Dabney, who was in the place
of Superintendent Ford, at the head of
a force of willing workers; for hours
was endeavoring to remove the bodies
from the car as it floate' around the
river, sometimes showing, itself halfway
above the surface of the water, and then
going under, being drawn to the surface
again by the ropes the railroad men suc
ceeded in getting around it. He did not
succeed until to o'clock to night.
J. H. Land is supposed to be a poor
farmer from Newton, who is thuoght to
have had his family in the emigrant car
with him wheja he. was plunged to death.
The river is. hard to work in, and
great caution had -to be taken so that the
men would not get mixed up inp a dikd
itl eddy just where the car floats.
The big transfer boat Pelican, th
new boat which has not yet been in
service, lies just in the rear of where
the floating car lies, the old boat being
still in service. The new boat is ready
to be commissioned next week.
Your correspondent, who. was the
only Newspaper man to go right to the
scene tonight, found Yard Master Dunn,
who told the following story of the ac
cident:
"I was spresent when switch engine
No. 404, in charke of Engineer Mooney,
started to back a half dozen cars down
the incline. How the cars broke loose I
can not say, but they started and flew
down the incline, which is about 200
yards long, at a rapid rate, and there
was no way to stop their flight. I heard
screams from the man in the car, but
whether there were more people in the
car with him I can not say. The car ran
over the transfer boat and clear through
her back.end and dropped off her stern
into the river, where it broke loose from
the others and floated about in the river
or several hundred feet.
"The men stood around and could not
do anything and it was awful not to be
able to give any assistance."
From a man who says he say the way
bills of freight train No. 31, your cor
respondent learns that Land had his
family with him, and he had a car or so
of stock moving from Newton, Miss., to
Monroe, La.
Several doctors went down to the
transfer station, but they were of no
service, as no sounds were heard from
the unfortnnates in the car after a short
time after the accident.
Acting Suierintendent Dabney has
the wrecking train on the scene, and is
now engaged in pulling out the cars in
the water, but it is thought that it will
be impossible to get at the car in which
.ie people are until morning.
Shreveport and Pa
tt43ne is ap.uitysit
cline and considerable trestle work be
fore they get to where the run of sev
eral hundred yards to the transfer boat
is standing out in the Mississippi river.
At this hour, to p.m., three bodies,
those of a young man, an elderly man
and a hov, have been removed from the
car in the river. The search will he con
tinuubi and the car pulled from the river
by midnight.
ROBERT E. LEE
In Statuary Hall at the Capitol Beside
George Washington.
A special to the Memphis Commercial
Appeal dates Washington, January 27,
says:
Virginia's proposition to place a statue
of General Robert E. Lee in Statuary
Hall at the capitol beside that of George
Washington, has been discussed in
Washington for the past few weeks.
There have been many expressions fav
orable and adverse to the proposed plan.
Interviews today with leading Repub
licans in Congress lead to the belief that
if Vig'inia decides to honor the mem
ory of Lee by placing a statue of the
distinguished soldier in Statuary Hall,
Congress will not object.
Of all the Northern men who have
been seen, Senator Depew of New York
is the most hearty in his expression of
favor to the acceptance of the statue.
Many say privately they would not op
posp it, but Senator Depew does not
mince words. The following is his state
ment: "My opinion on this subject is
very clear. The war between the North
and the South was fought for the pre
servation of the Union. This question
has been discussed in debate by the two
sides ever since the framing of the arti
cles of the confederation. The Union
side won. The issue was accepted, at
once by the defeated side, and I think
the placing of a statue of General Rob
ert E. -Lee in Statuary Hall would be
an emphatic recognition of the fact that
we awre'all now advocates of nationality
and its perpetuity. I am heartily in favor
of the Lee statue."
Senator Beveridge said when asked
for his views in regard to the accept
ance of the Lee statue: "Owing to my
being occupied with the statehood bill I
have not had time to give this matter
careful consideration, and I should like
to go into it thoroughly before giving
an opinion. I am inclined to think, how
ever, that I would favor receiving the
statue."
Representative Crumpacker of In
diana, one of the leading Republicans in
the House, and who has been trying for
years to have passed a measure looking
to the reduction of the representation of
the South in Congress, is another who
comes out squarely with tire statement,
that he would not oppose the proposed
plan.
"In my opinion," said Judge Crum
packer, "the settlement of this question
should be left entirely to Virginia. Rob.
ert E. Lee was a distinguished citizen
of the country. He was a conspicuous
figure in the cause of the Confederacy,
a cause which Virginia espoused ( and if
Virginia wants to remember him by
placing his statue in Statuary Hall, per
sortally I see no reason why she should
not do so. Lee is Virginia's son, and it
is for her to decide this question as she
sees fit."
*Representative Hay of Virginia said
today that be had come to tile conclu
sion that it would be just as well for
the Virginia Legislature to go ahead
and pass the bill, whatever the conse
quences might be.
The New York Times claims that
Mr. Root is the first secretary of war
the country has had "in fifty years," and
to be "more specific" it explains:
"There has not been so good, meaning
so intelligent, a secretary of war since
Jefferson Davis, who was secretary in
the cabinet of Franklin Pierce, precisely
half a century ago, and the memory of
w admitistration lingered fragrant
The Champion, published at Center,
Tex., says: "After three score years of
public service, Judge John H. Reagon
has retired. No man in Texas is held in
higher esteem by her people than Judge
Reagan, and it is the universal hope of
the people of the State and of the
South that he may live many more years
longer to enjoy the honor and prosper
ity his toil has brought. He is now 8;
years old."
CHARTER
Of The \V. K. Henderson Iron Works
and Supply Company. Limited.
State of Louisiana, Parish of Caddo:
Be it known that this day before me,
E. E. Herndon, a notary public in and
for said parish and State, duly appoint
ed and qualified. and in the presence of
witnesses hereinafter named, and un
dersigned, personally came and appeared
the several persons whose names are
hereunto subscribed, and declared that,
availing themselves of the provisions of
Act No. 36 of the General Assembly of
the State of Louisiana, approved Janui
a- 20, s8R as well as those of the gen
eral laws of the State relative to the
laws of organization of corporations,
they have formed and do by these pres
ents form and organize this into a cor
poration, for the objects and purposes
and under the stipulations hereinafter
set forth, which they do hereby accept
as their charter, to-wit:
A\RT1CLE 1.
The name and title of said corporation
shall be The W. K. Henderson Iron
Works and 'Supply Company, Limited,
and by that name it shall have power
and authority to have and enjoy succes
sion 'for the term of ninety-nine years
from a nd after the date hereof, to, con
tract, sue and be sued; to make and use
a corporal seal and the same to change
at pleasure; to hold, receive, lease and
purchase, alienate and convey, as well
as mortgage and hypothecate property,
real, personal and mixed; to name and
appoint such managers, directors, offi
cers and agents as the interest of said
corporation as may be necessary and
-roper, and the same to alter at pleas
ure.
ARTICLE II.
The domicile of said corporation shall
be in the city of Shreveport, Caddo par
ish, Louisiana, and all citations and legal
processes shall he served on the presi
dent of said corporation, or in his ab
sence upon the vice president, and in
case of the absence of both, on the sec
retary at the office of said corporation.
ARTICLE III.
The purposes for which this corpora
tion is organized and the nature of the
business to be carried on by it are de
clared to be: The manufacture of ma
chines of various kinds; also buying
and selling of machinery, hardware and
general mill supplies: also to run a gen
eral repair shop, including foundry bus- I
iness-or to be more specific, to make,
buy and do anything pertaining to wood,
iron and other metals.
ARTICLE IV.
The capital of said corporation shall
be three hundred thousand dollars
($300,ooo), to be divided into three
thousand (3.o0o) shares of one hundred,
dollars ($ioo) each; provided that the
corporation may commence business
when two thousands (2,000) shares of
stock are subscribed and paid in.
This stock shall be naid for in cash.
or its equivalent, when subscribed for,
or the same may be issued at not less
than oar, in payment of property pur
chased by the corporation.
ARTICLE V.
All the corporal powers of said cor
poration shall be vested in a board of
directors, to be composed of five stock
holders, which board shall be elected
annually on the second Monday in Jan
uary beginning in the year nineteen hun
53j Full NL EXPRESS
hles ONLY $3! PREPAID
StSE COLDEN AGE
LINCOLN U I ~f~~
COUNTY WH ISK EY
We, the Distillers, guarantee these goods to be pure and 7 years
old. None better at any price. We will ship in plain b xes to any
address, EXPRESS PREPAID,at the following distiller's prices.
5 Full Bottles $3.45. 10 Full Bottles $6,55. 12 Full Bottles $7.90.
15 Full Bottles $9.70. 25 Full Bottles $15.90.
15ree lave and corkscrew in every box. Your money back if not as repr .,ntoed
ANERIOAN SUPPLY CO., 002 Mali St., Memphls, Ten'.
dred and four.
f The first board of directors
clared to be W. K. Henderson,
Dunkin. WV. F. Dillon, P. Gar
John R. Jones, with W. K. I
as president, W. F. Dillon, vi
dent, and W.. S. Dunkin as
and treasurer. Said hoard to s
1Q04, or until their successors
elected thereto.
The directors shall be elected
stockholders. Each share of st
entitled to one vote, to he ca
owner or in proxy, and the nmaj
votes cast shall elect. Three
shall constitute a quorum.
The president shall or may
from time to time, and dismiss
tre, such managers. agents and
as may he deemed necessary fore
poses and business of the co
The board of directors
such laws and regulations for
agement of the business as
dýem neccesuar, and amend
same; and shall have power to
debt b. borrow money, issue bil
change, notes, acceptances,
mortgages, and 'enerally do
incident to the object and p
said corporation.
ARTICLE VI.
This charter may he
changed or altered, or said co
dissolved, with the consent o
fourths of the amount of capi
represented at any general me
the stockholders convened for
pose after ten (io) days urevi
tice shall have been nublished ii
the daily newspapers in the
Shreveport.
Whenever this corporation
solved, from limitation or from
er cause, its affairs shall be li
by two commissioners elected
stockholders, who shall have f
to wind tip it's affairs, dispose
sets, settle its liabilities and
the proceeds aorng the stockh
ARTICLE VII.
No stocholder shall be liable
contracts or faults of said c
in any further sume than the un
ance due to the corporation of
owned by dhem.
No, share of stock shall be
ferred, sold or disposed of, wi
stockholders first giving thi
days' notice to other stockhol
allowing them the privilege of
chasing said stock at its actual
All sales or transfers of st -
valid must be made on the
corporation.
Done and passed in my o
presence of John A. Sewall a
Beasley. competent witnesses,
the 29th day of January, ninet
dren and three.
W. K. HENDE
W. F. DILLON,
W. S. DUNKIN
PETER GARS
Attest: JOHN R. JONES
JOT-IN A. SEWALL.
J. C. BEASLEY.
F. B. HERN
Notary
I hereby certify that I have e
the foregoing charter and find'
therein contrary to law, and t
approve same on this the 29th,
January. A. D.. nineteen hun
three.
JOHN R.
District Attorney First Judicial
of Louisiana.
(Endorsed) : Filed and recor
uary 30, 1903.
FRANK C. O'L
Deputy Clerk and Ex-Officio
Recorder.
State of Louisiana, Parish of
I hereby certify that the above
going is a true and correct copy
original act, as the same now
on file and of record in my 0
Given under my hand and sed
fice this 30th day of January, I
FRANK C. O'L
Deputy Clerk and Ex-Officio
Recorder.
Feb. i, 1903.