-.TtKA TOBACCO.
i, '1 .. tl{1t by the (..{vern.
- 4. 1, 11Co,umeqt 11'11I.
* ., ý. 27. -Tilt- f.1:,)Wing
' , lw ti , r"ý'ary of
14 *. ",: r"itN,rt4 a suvc.sstui
it ,"t'rt'nq4, nt3tconducted
.4 n ,~: SuiiI:itra 1 !tdc,:ec near
* : of in arre wai planted
a:1,, : : Ioih shade nine feet
.. , t :".1ii',ittd and fermented
u,! d:n r'ior of M. L. Floyd,
'1" -r "tt. (I" epiirtitient. The
'i)" 441, ,",,c-1 tl.hlac"o Was 7111) pounds
*N~rj:stt,-d yield for one acre
Wbil.it lorst aboUL 10 per
1 . 11 44:04 t,-" "nM) d for $473.70),
xrnak:-a' Cr -t:;i,at.d value fur one acre
of $: i_ 1w "I ".. of produlctioni, in.
,cili - : wit iec ust of the shade-the
f~xu I,;-iiwill last tor live years,
.4'l . "r .. , " )) pier acre, having a
ac;, pr.t! ., , $9,)O per acre. This
vn;a ci s,, :;.." pricol 71 eenti per
potiind ,", J.p grown in then same
ti C ; . Ii-I, anid ferzu)_rte I in
Iur:, I. .u~nr ;:7 its, per
T,, ',1 S: " , t .)iee, ;~'' 0ow under
Ii.i. h,, i . ll4414l I4 54' 1,v Y4)il1
Er3"n ;:"1 :ti t.ft.er.,r ci:d ful ly
O u : , 1. ,baro. 1'h e~e fats,
r.4........4 4 witI4 tile nwarrd at
{ 4s 4 olin i two l))ltit; for the
''i1:i .tr n,.{ ii ~l nra, sr. .v that we
ini 1;r. ta :: ,r: r.. 4tll4U,4 f the hig-host
,"-i.ei4 y 'n 44: ":.irrv tnitl save farni"r9
h,"rw ",. =, 4ON)O1) mil $7,OO,).000J which
::i 144w , t 41)44&Ll anuatwlly foir the for
...lgn grown leaf.
Ecz ma, No Curte, No Pay.
Yn'ir ru 2 1' Will refunils your money it
PAZO 4)1 V r'MEN'T tails to) cure Kitr
-worry T'tetr. Old Ulcers and 4orep, 1'irn
iiii, tBlackbsad1sou thit face, sad t- 4
*PINK AHITE TEL-. -.CEiS.
-Chi ..mo View Again Above New
Zealand'a Volcanic Deh:ºIs.
Mr. l1en.: M. C(adtl, a Scotebman
who sc::ke y,'ars ag' w: .t1 one of the
best cG:mivsts1 ate *;ints of oirYwlw
estone 1).u k, La o been visiting the vt'can e
zone in Nouth isi::n d, New Zcalazot,
where he (alght rphajlseS of the" inak
and white te0.aces !lar were buried out
of sight 1-1 yec:rs rn,.. TI. region is a
land of wu;Wli'es. No. lrLt of the wtrld.
except iLe Vellowst in purk. is sit cn
apietlnl:s fe' Lot sjri'il:u a" d : vsi-i-rs.
¶1hey buurst frion the irouled endlossly ii
v'rsized in form. siae and i-hemii'-al comi
positi-,:l. Lung befote European c-"tti "rs
saw Nec,- Zealand the thermal sail fm:t
eral waters attrated the natives, who
had disorered their curative properties.
Mr. Cadell says liat some sanitariums
have now been erected hre and are vis
ited by many New Zealauders and for
.eigers.
Mount Tarawera, about 3,000 feet
4uigh. was supposed to be extinct till
1886. when one wiotir's night it sudden
ly awoke. The natives who live around
the shores of the beautiful lake of the
same .antue at the foot of the volcano
told Mr. CadJl that 11 days before the
catastrophe they saw a spectral canoe
,,ating in the heavens above the lake.
TIBey bad never seen anything like it hz
fore, and they bcl:eve the spectacle was
a forewarning that stme terrible event
would occur. Mirages are sometimes
seen in that region. The canoe may have
been iuprely a phenomu non of this sort or
perhaps only a curloun-y sh:ipcd cloud.
The explosion enieie with scarcely a
sneanent's warning. A tremendous shock
distarbed the entire region. and the ash
.cowed summit of the volcano was blown
iito the air to a height of 20.000 feet.
visible for 1t50 miles. Flaming scoriae
sad a deluge of~ashea tell in dense show
.ers on the surrounding district. Many
villages were crushed beneath the weight
of dry ashes or buried under heaps ot
sanud. Many places were buried deep un
der layers of volcanic dust.
One of the most re'ir'ttnble features of
the explosion was the destruction of the
"Wonder of Weoders." the famous mia
.eral spring which filled a crater about
511 feet in circumference, and, overflow
Ing Its.transpareat, alabasterlike margin,
fell In -thin azure sheets frwo basin to
sasin. As It tell the water, saturated
with silta and sulphurous substances,
became cooler and gradually changed
-color from the sapphire tints of the up
per basin to turquoise blue lower dos n
And a slightly azure shade where the wa
ters entered the lake. These "white and
pink terraces." as they were called. were
Among the moot beautiful of sights. and
few foreigners going to New Zealand
lailed to pay them a visit. The terraces
were blott(' nout beneath a heat of scoriae.
Mr. Cadell brings the interesting news
,that here and there these gorgeously col
ored rocks are again coming into view,
and it is evident from his description of
the region in its present aspects that the
phenomena of this wonterland will al
ways continue to rank among the most
remarkable of nature', spectaulvs.-New
York Sea.
Am l 1ae.seal Poisibliaty.
Electricity is now being utilized in the
tanning business. What a pity it could
not have been used in that way daring
the schoolboy days of some of the old
gray headed fellows who are now posing
as the very pinks of perfecties-U.4
4oula Star.
All In the Family.
"It has been stated," says the London
Chronicle, " th:rt Lord Salisbury will not
take any salary with the office of privy
seae. hit it would be almost without
precedent for a prime minister to serve
'without salary, and no one would grudge
him the £5,000 which used to attach to
the post. Then his son, Lord (ranborne,
will draw £1,500; his nephews. A. J.
Balfour and G. W. Balfour, £5,000 and
£2,000, and his Ron-in-law, Lord bel
borne, £4.500, with a fine house. J. W.
'Lowther, who is a member of the clan,
'by marriage, will certainly not be left
out in the cold, and if nothing better
..ts 'r ill be reappointed deputy speaker
nn l : t. - **f :ya rind means, with
0 imakes something over
a year, which, some people may
Is eat too mucd to pay for the
privilege dt havisn half a doses members
v4 one family In the o_
OLD SPANISH CUSTOM.
The Secretary of War Decides Against it
at Havana.
Washington, Dec. 2R.-The secretary
of war has sustained the action of the
military aut'iorities in Cuba in what is
famniliarly Ln awn as the "slaughter
h'use case, wirhout prejudice, how*
ever, to the full legal nghts of the
claimants which are left to the future
determination of the courts of Cuba.
Tiis case involves many legal questions
and bids fair to be a subject of litigation
for years to come.
This claim had its inception in a grant
b: the Spanish crown in 1783, early in
the century of Don Castro Puerta, of the
privilege of h( d# g in his family in
perpetuity the ofhl,, of sheriff of Havana.
Toe male line of the family having be.
come extinct, the office by permission of
the Spanish crown passed to Count
O'Reilly, then husband of the daughter
of the recently deceased high sheriff.
The last incumbent is the Countess
O'Reilly, and Buenventura, who is join
ed in the issue by Dr. Don Gustavo Gal
let Dup!eszes of Havana, who purchased
an interest in the emoluments of the
office at public auction in Havana in
1895.
The principal emolument was a right
to receive about $1 in gold for each head
of large cattle killed in Havana slaugh
terhouses. The military governor of Ha.
vana vacated this order on May '0,1899,
and this was affirmed on appeal, by Gen.
Brooke in August. The case came up
on appeal to the secretary of war and
after several months consideration has
just been decided against the claimants,
so far as the United States is concerned.
OLD COUNTERPANES.
The Blue and White Ones of Our
Grandmothers Now All the Rage.
Our grandmothers vied with one an
other in the weaving of woolen counter
panes. gOnerally in white and indigo
blue. Th.y wa" r of such wo-kman
ship tiat today, after belag handed
down from one generation to another,
they are as freshi, strong and handsome
as when new. The modern patchwork
quilt Is not more varied as to pattern
than were these ancient counterpanes,
'1 £IA;.,uit'N ?A'f:'_:-'1 ~INADIGO.
(Froma photograph of a coanterpane spun and
dyed by Mra st.Irblydos Gerry in the year 1800
I sad woven by a jotkheymaa weaver of westera
flw York.J
woven on a hand loom iMd *orking
out strange designs of ,treed), Adwers,
fruit and landscape. Sometime tie
pattern was a geometrical one, and '6
fidelity to good drawing exhibited by
these homely artists is astonishing. As
in old fashioned samplers, the worker
was apt to show a pardonable pride
in her work by weaving In her name
and the (late of finishing In the wide
hem of the quilt.
Today these quaint counterpanes are
being resurrected from cedar chests,
attics and the old fashioned spare
chamber to use In all sorts of decora
tive ways, says Good Housekeeping,
In which the illustration occurs. A
favorite method is to hang them as
portieres in a room where old fashion
ed furniture is used. These are tack
ed on a wall behind a stiff old sofa,
draped over a four post bed or spread
on a round table. Sometimes, if the
room Is not subjected to the hardest
wear, they are laid as rugs on a pol
ished or Painted floor. They make a
picturesque draping for a low couch or
divan, spread as a bagdad is, and one
sees them occasionally on a brass 6:
white enameled bed, with the super
fluous length (for our grandmothers
wove them long enough to tuck un
der several feather beds) tucked In
neatly about a long, round bolster.
sey Vmaira s sm oarea.
The time has passed when the appear
ance of a boy choir in an Episcopal
church could be regarded as an evidence
of a tendency toward ritualism, although
it was formerly this feature of the serv
lee that was thought to be the first sign
of the advanced opinions. For a long
period the boy choir stood for a determi
nation to depart from the old order, and
its first appearance was the signal for
revolt in many parishes on the part of
those not disposed to defer to innovations,
as they were at one time called. The
recent introduction of one of these choirs
into a ch: rch on the upper west side was
accompanied by so little change as to
make it evident that in the Episcopal
church a surpliced choir of boys has ceas
ed to have any doctrinal significance.
Some of the churches described as low
have adopted this feature of the service
and explain that it has been accepted
merely for its beauty and good influence
on the service and not with the idea of
leading to a further use of the ceremonies
common In the ritualistic services. Even
the Methodist congregations and other
bodies not con.nectted in any way with
the Episcopal church have adopted the
boy choirs to add heartiness and at- I
tractivems.e to the services.-New York
AFTER DEWET AGAIN.
Knox With Three G uerals Are Fighting
the Wuey ioer.
London, Dec. 28.-The following dis
patch has been received from Kitchener.
"Pretoria, Dec. 26.-Knox with Barker,
Pilcher and White is engaged with
DeWet's force, holding a position in
neighborhood of Lenwkop. DeWet hop s
to break through and go south again.
Boers in the eastern column in Cipi
Colony is apparently headed by out
troops about Reitport Spruit. Boers in
western column are reported to have
gone north in two portions, one towards
Prieska and the other through Stryden.
berg. They are being followed up,
The following dispatch from Kitchen.
er was received from Pretoria, undea
date of Dec. 27:
"Yesterday 200 Boers attacked 4
small police post near Boksburg. Thi
police gallantly drove them off before re
inforcements from Johannesbuag arriv.
ed. Boers damaged the mining ma
chinery in the neighborhood.
"Boers attacked Urrecht at 2 o'clock
this morning and were driven off.
"Beers held up train three miles west
of Pan and were driven off.
"Eastern force of Boers in Cane Col.
ony was headed yesterday and driven in
the direction of Ventersad. Western
force still being driven north through
&trydenburg."
Oreofell Pursuing Kruitzinger.
Burghersdorn, Cape Colony, Dtc. 28.
-Colonel Grenfell continues in touch
with Kruitzinger's command of 700 men
who carried off the British prisoners.
Kruitzinger has abandoned hii Maxims
and carts. An attempt of the Ninth
lancers to turn Kruitzinger's flank at
Plaisterheuvel on Dec. 24, resulted iu
eight casualties among the lancers, in
eluding Lord Frederick Blackwood,who
was wounded.
Boers Repulsed.
Oape Town, Dec. 28.-A small part.
of Boers attacked Burghersdorp on Dec.
34. They were' repulsed after heavy
fighting. The Boers are active and skir.
mishes in several places have been re
ported.
Reported Released.
London, Dec. 28. - The Evening
Standard says it is understood the squad.
ron of yeomanry which was entrapped
and captured by the Boers whom they
were following from Britstown, was re
leased after the men had been relieved
of their horses and other equipment.
Boers Dibeuss Surrender.
Bloemfontain, Dec. 28.-There are re
newed but unconfirmed rumors here
that General De Wet, President Steyn
and General Haasbroeck had a confer
ence and decided to offer to surrender
provided the colonial rebels were not
punished, and the leaders, including
themselves, are not deported.
TROUBLE FOR TURKEY.
Soldiers Assault and Maltreat the British
Charge d'Afaires.
Constantinople, Dec. 28. - It is the
general belief here that the Cramps' con
tract for the construction of a cruiser for
Turkey was signed without the first pay.
mmeut being made. This view is sup.
ported by facts, proves ,the port. has
formally promised to pay nothing to the
Americans beforepay'ng Krupp and thq
Germans.
Some Turkish soldiers have grossly as
uanlted and aaltrested the British
charge d'afraires, Mr. Bunisen,and other
Mnembers of the British embassy, in the
vicinity of the powder magazine at Ma
krkekeuy. Sharp demands for redress
have been made to the portse.
A BOX OF DIAMONDS.
They Were Picked up to k coal Camp im
New Seslem.
Alamogordi, N. M., ee. 28.-A prom
inent railway official herl has received
a box of 60 gems closely reseinbling and
alleged to be diamonds, found ais Cap-.
itan, the coal camp on the line of the
El Paso and Northeastern Railway ota
pany. 80 miles north of this place.
The stones were found by J. J. Blow,
formerly associated with the DeBeers
Consolidated company at Kimberley,
South Africa, who has been secretly in
vestigating the field for the past month,
and a letter from him accompanying the
shipment states that they are either dia
monds or so closely resembling the gem
that they deceive them. They stand
every crude test known. The gemsjwill
besent away for an analysis.
By Rat! Through the Holy Laud.
"There is no rush in the orient; the
train moves slowly through holy places
as if loath to disturb the shades and
phantoms haunting the Land of Prom
ise," writes Mrs. Lew Wallace of "Jeru
salem as We See It'Toduy" in The Ladies'
Home JournaL "Deep emotion possesses
us. The Yafa gate is the entrance from
the west, a market where there is much
traffic carried on in various languages.
We hear names that start farreaching
associations in the remote past. We see
costumes such as Absalom, the beautiful,
the beloved, wore; men in soft raiment.
flowing robes, beggars, lepers. Chief
among the motley swarm is the uncon
quered Arab, stately as Saul, silent in his
picturesque garments, as though the
stillness of the desert had passed into his
soul, unmoved at sight of the foreign ma
chine come to break his civilization. Job
was such a one-sheik of the desert, with
lordly bearing, as became the leader of
horsemen with spears and the owner of
camels, greatest of all men of the east.
Does this sound Irreverent? Walt, we'
are nearing the bill where David set his
throne; the slow wheels turn slower, a
shriek, a jerk.'stop. The turbaned
brakeman calmly calls 'Mount Zion;' a
rush of feeling, a thrill that can come but
once. We lift our eyes to the city of our
Lord: whether in the body or out of the
body 1 cannot telL" I
Ko d ol
Dyspepsia Cure
Digests what you eat.
Itartilicially dig .t.t ef and aid
Nature in strengthening 3nd recon
iiructing the exhauwld digestive or
uan;. Itisthe lit. t 1i eovered digest
int and tonic. No A ther preparation
can approach it in elliciency. It in
'.tantly relieves and permanently cures
1Dycpepsia, Indigestion. Heartburn.
Ilatulence, Sour Stomach, Nausea,
Sick Headache,Gastralgia,Cramps and
all otherresultsof irmperfectdigestion.
Price 50c. and S1. Large size contains 2'4 times
anall size. Book all about dyspepsia mailed free
Dreparrd by E. C. D.'eITT & CO.. Chicago.
At Aller's Pbarmsay.
New Schedule
Via
TEXAS
ELPA50 ' ROUTE
PACIFIC
Gives you benefit
3 Trains Daily
To
FT WORTH and DALLAS
And All
Texas Points
Incomparable Cannon Ball
service to California and
the West. Speed and cow
f trt <ir1 i<.
F. P. TURNER,
G. P. & T. A.,
Dallas. Texas
CHARTER AMENDMENTS.
Proceedings. of the Stock
holders' of the Houston
River Canal Company,
Limited, Held at Their
Office in the City of Shreve
thrt, Laon November 6th
i-th, 19
All notices having been previously given
to he stockholders of the said company,
and the said meeting having been adver
iUsed, as r quired by the existing laws.
The steokholders convened at the o&oe of
f the company, at the appointed time, rep
resting more than threr-fourths of the en
tire stock of the said cempany, and or.
ganisad by electing Uee I Thatcher, chair.
man of the meeting, at W A Uster, Jr,,
t1 eetetary.
The following resolutions em the pro.
p'ed inoreate of the capital stock of the
corporation wastitered by 5. A. Boberson,
and duly seconded by J H Thatcher, whicb
resolutilom was as tollows, t!-ivt:
i'That tba oepital stock of the Houston
River Canal Company, Ltd., be increased
froa (163,600 00) tlfty-'hree thouasad Eve
Hundred dollars to (2.00,000 00) two bun
I tred thousand dollars, paid up capital."
The uaid resolution was duly adopted.
1 I he number of stockholders voting there
for was six. and the number of shares votel
for the resolution was four hundered and
eighty-five abares. After the said resole.
t1on to increase the stock was duly adopt
ed by the said stockholders the following
I amendment to article lye (6) of the charter
was clered by 8 ;i Bunter and duly see.
onded by t' A Roberson, tc-wit:
Re it ypanIvyet. ere.. thy' article Ave ot
he charter of the said compauy he atuod
ed to read as iollowt: "The capital stock
of this company is nereby Axed at Two
Hundred Thousand Dollars, divided into
Two Thousand shares of tha par value of
One Hundred Dollars each, and In all
other respects the said article remains
unchanged."
The said resolution was duly adopted,
six of the stockboideis voting 'bere.or
represesting Four Hundred and Eighty
1iave shares of the capital stock o0 the
company. W H HUNT' R. Jr.,
Secretary.
gtate of Lonuisas, Parish of Caddo. I
have exarnined the foregoing amendment
f tke charter of the Houston River Canal
Company, Ltd.. and lad nothing therein
rootrary to the laws of the state, and
accordingly approve the same.
This November 30th. A. ). 1000.
JOHN K LAND.
District Attorney, )First Judicial Distriot
of Loalaisna.
(Endorsed) *"Filed sad recorded, Novem.
ber 30, 1900. FA LEONARD,
"Clerk and Ex-Offi 1o Recorder."
State of Louisiana, Parish of Caddo. I
hereby certify that the above sad foregolng
is a true and correct copy of the original
act, as the same now appears on file and of
record in my ofice.
Given under my hand and seal of ofilee
this 80th day of November, 1900.
VA LEONARD,
Clerk and Ex-Officio Recorder.
Dec r.
L. WOITMAN 8ARADAKS
TORTIAN & ADAIS
TINNERS,
GALVANIZED IiWN CISTEdT6
ADE.IN &5i CAeACI rt
800FING AID GUTTEBRIG A SPECIALTY
514 MA USHALL STREET
key Habit
Sand Whim
Cured at
home with
oun, pai. Book.;for particulars
lsent Sree.fDr. B. ; . N W 7
(o., Atlanta, Ga. Ofce, 101 North Ptsyo
HERMAN LOEB
....DEALER IN....
Hide, Wool. Tallow. Beeswax Fnrs, Eto
Commerce Street, Next to V., S. & P. Ry., Shreveport, La.
*4
" I guarantes to the sellers the not price obtained In Vicksburg, S
Louis, New Orleaus Galveston and Houston markets. Prompt re&
mad3 on receipt of Shipments
HARRY HUNTEK. SAM HUNTICR HAWK
HUllTI TER SRO
'bolesale Grocers and oommission j
111 and 113 MIALM BTREBT .2
Llantation Supplies, Baoing & 1
DEALE3S Ill 1 4
Nay, Corn, Oats, Bran and C
3reeIal attenmon to all erders on short netireat bottom prices A'I favors
S G3 DREYFUS & CO,
WHOLESALE DISALER81I
Dry Goods, Boots, Shoes and Hlatt
CO. SPRING AMDI.UROKE IT STREETS
PROMPt A ffENlOM PAID 1O COUNTRY ORDERS
F A TUSTIN H M WUII*
NEW WHOLESALE FRUIT
PRODUCE AND SEED HOUSE
108 Texas Street*
Have constantly on band ,a full SWek of Fruit and Produce. WritCUI
or call when in ueed of any articles In oar line. All goods fresh, qrr.xty
guaraaaeed. Prie as low as the lowest,
40000'-TELEPHOlqE 824 *
Fresh 'Roastdd Pea uts:Always on ald.
Apples, Apple~, Apples.
Oranges, Oranges,
Oranges,
Apples awd Oraoges and Apyes
AT
Henry Bos
517 and 521 Spring Street.
BOWERS DRUG STOR
SUCCESSOR TO AUG. J BOGEL.
Books, Stationery, Toilet
Articles ant :Fancy Good
Manufacturer of Flavoring Extracts, Pt re Soda and Mineral Water
- Agent for Smith Premeir Typewaiting Machine Garden Seedsand Nov
Prescrlptioms Carefully Compounded
;With the Freshest and Best D
Lio tut an' E-.mpt Attention. All Favors Apm
FRESH GARDEN SEEDS.
FRED W BOWERS, Prapriete
Texas Street, Corner Market.