Ja ma iea
Ax a ,
I Winter I
1L esort
[Special Correspondence.]
Kingston, Jamaica. Feb. 9.-So you
In the States are shivering with icy
winds down your spines by day and
hot water bottles to your feet nights'
Here at Kingston the thermometer
ranges between 70 and 90. For those
who dread cold it may be said that 70
degrees is uncommonly low tempera
ture in Jamaica; those whom extreme
heat makes furious may be assured
that here the register did not go above
88 during a specially noted period of
ten years.
Jamaica is a mountainous island,
high and dry. That is the reason there
are no mosquitoes to speak of. If one
wants a bit of cooler climate for a
change, he has only to ascend some of
the multitudinous mountains of the is
land, and it will become one degree
cooler for every 300 feet her climbs.
In the Blue mountain range in eastern
/
JAMAIOAN N110BO ROUSB.
aaitea re several peaks over a mile
high, ssad ne, Blue. Mountatn pea it
u Is I ealy a mile and a half sabve
sis leveL
AMas iA the States at this time of
7uar t+ newqpaper society n oe
*04 ssee that thits that and the ther
ieqllterse the ass e .aa ame f rcon
ti lesputhern to
t': san thm`syh late
04qt euyrsnn wbnsea4 ce -h
flW ** Deli ito t beie . or
thls lly is emulalg a the ear
sea a.~ or 'w'he 'u r r
IWeader why nu$ athe be
weater o wise a his own $i of
t ?e twdln Wades Sfla, thd e
,maru l Bahamas. ourny Jmaone with
Li w Sir,, ealt giving umnIral
wdw - J lte-yea. inftnite-po(F
for test ea sweet day dreauawt
do" - Aiericans explore their
two West Itd ?esl Why not do their
acbtlag over thp charmed waters of
their aown- taribbean sea? Here is
slowehing new to be learned. some
flies th*t ia not the eternal ssding
Vice stng. gamblilap and
N *1 e p. Moiwue and 'oth
- sath Rpope towns. Or have Amer
tean rich peoplost all taste for the
eati al and the restful?
S P!ith. I wonder how many Amen
fah even know that'Kingston is the
apital of Jamalea. HEre the English
ents governor resides, and it Is the
lading segport of the beautiful Island.
i9.Mdtandd those seeking rest after
evrn'ia sand o#erdlssipation wquld
Ukei Jamac perhaps better than the
y n4t2 ealtl y. for it is not a wildly
-~bbflou spot' Mtalaria, dysentery and
4ew fever used to be here in the old
4paIIh times, but when the English
got the Island they cleaned it up. at
sagt to their custom of sanity-lg
their tropical coloutal cities, and now
amaica is as healthful as Switzerland
pMur more agreeable as to winter
to than that land of tourists.
uringa the Florida orange famine a
tnean agb Ameticanq learned how
4Sistits the oranges of Jamaica are.
PERhapsith are the best in the world,
but I den't know. At any rate, I never
ftue better. Other tropical fruits are
4 goad as the oranges too. The island
iaes;of ateess from the eastern coast
4the Uented States, and it is only
ninety miles from the eastern shore of
Osba In a wnothew direction.
Polo is 6ye4 here, and it is the live'
thWt amuseqepi t Swaglish residents en
*41gq ln -h ponies used are the little
flwt off creatures of the horse tribe
pecliart tropical sonstrins Intense
het seems to dwarf the hmores. It does
Mt4, bwwever, stunt his strengtl. Pa
- sl~e with meontala climbing, the
urnSl Jamacas pea et very sure
toMet. In proportion to their sie they
0 aweer than a Oiydesdale, and
they an sesaed t wind and extremely
,4IM e&. They wake, therefor -
astolo pouies* Numerous goo- t
h 0*prodaced in thisba my Island apart
tes ! RJmaae ramt sd Janm ica ginger.
Thitslant is uawer the equator than
either Rawalfo the Phi idest be
is attahain latitude 17 degrees to 19
4 tgesnorab yetbeoawse of itspleva
toe afias, sea# it to cooler than
Sitter heery sornisg here acoo
avte,. elI N. teeter," beglas to
bleqfet heese. about 10 V ,et It
}n l wtats . In the £aow t
* m cn ofl eve
THE THING TO WEAR.-
Some S emable Ghat About Raw
PFrill of Fashion.
[Special Correepondence.]
New York. Feb. 16.-The attention of
womankind Is divided just now by the
fact that we are without doubt in for
much bitterly cold weather, making
furs and warm garments necessary,
and are In the midst of the social sea
son when handsome evening and recep
tion gowns are required. Also, we have
all the dainty glories of the summer
dress goods spread out before us in
every direction. From whence that cu
1 rious fashion came I would like to
know, that in the middle of winter we
must purchase and have made or make
up the dresses that are to grace the
summer. But so It is. and lovely woman
is hastening from one place to another
-seeking the dainty stutts for warm
days.
But I think tiat "sa:lfcient unto the
day is the evil thereof." and so we will
talk about the comfortalie suits which
are so necessary and s, pretty. Be
sides, they are the right thing in the
I right place. There is ano unusually
nice list of spring w'oiens. which are m
.made up in many ways to suit many
people. For the young girls who look
pretty in anything there- are some
homespun plaids, with the pattern
raised higher than the i 41y of the ma
terial by zibeline stripes in lighter I
shades of the same color. In the illus
tration is a suit made of brown home
spun qith stripes of tan with the zibe
line hairs. The hairs are almost cream
white.
This particular suit has a plaited
blouse with a Garibaldi strap on the
shogider. The cuffs are of tan cloth,
and so is the quaint turndown collar.
The skirt is laid in slot seams to the
knees, where it is left free. A draped
belt of brown velvet and a fall of ac
cordion plaited brown taffeta make
the finish. Very young ladies rather
like to go out without wraps, and for
them are close chamois inner vests.
Plaid woolen stuffs ale offered in all
the shades of gray and brown and also
dark blue with dell, grayish white zib
eline squares. In fact, all colors seem
to be seen in the plaid}. and where a
suit is made of plaid the hat or toque
is made with the dress goods as a foun
dation. It is considered very stylish to
have the hat of the material, as that
fact is supposed to show that the suit
is not a ready to wear affair purchased
from some cheap and popular store.
I have a strong Impreesion that there tc
will betan unusual amount of black silk
-worn for suits and plain home gowns 4
the coming season, and it will not be m
the cheaper varieties. For there are t
many of the good old kinds and quail- m
ties to be seen among the handsomest sa
of the advauce costumes. I have seen 01
mutch, gtroe.( hand solid grosgrain. ar- u1
mure-aad sati duepahse. as well as all A
qualitiesaot taffeta. Next to them come i
the liberties and printed Indies and m
pOngoes, but I think I mentioned a11
those iast week. Grapes of all ktads are is
among tie new things. of
Among the all wool goods there are M
more TaeietI of Win and uepitrans-. H
A BROWN HOMMPTN SUIT.
parent stuff than I have ever seen.
These all make up into serviceable and
elegant gowns, with the addition of the
lace and fancy galloon. Among them
one finds nun's veiling of all kinds ana
qualities and degrees of transparency.
Albatross is also among the new favor
ites. I said some of this favorite stuff
wish silk warp, which makes it quite
as desirable as china crape and strong
er in itself, and, besides, it does not
cost so much.
Mystral and all the pretty and well
beloved of the grenadines are among
the season's output, and, though they
are old friends, each has achieved
something newor better to cater for the
lovely woman aforesaid. Mystral eta
mines arid, oh, well, at least a dozen
of those firmly woven and elegant ma
terials are shown, and, though they are
dear, they are well worth the price.
A gown of any one of these stuffs can
be worn all season, and with a change
of neckwear and ribbons and perhaps
a ditferent colored underdress one can
have quite a variety.
Among the Asl bar shirt waists the
corded Japanese still holds its own. It
is pretty and 'useful. Satin faced fou
lards are to be made up for quite com
mn st for this silk has become very
cheap mad looks very pretty. Lined
with some feiibie stut like cheese
pletb and trinUAmed with lace of some
kIe Iit mash apleasieg and handsome
atna reenable cost.
, rava ~,anuar.
Har n es srini
I te
----mmmen m ,nuea
[Special Correspondence.]
Sault Ste. Marie. Feb. 1..-When x
ittle girl the other day closed a switch
n the big power house rlV 'ntly l(ti
)leted here, the problem of cheap pow
,r for the middle northwest was solved.
'ile moment (ijntalt was made by the
losing of this switch eighty-one huge
lynamnos began to revolve, sending a
urrent that will turn the wheels of in
lusty as far as Detroit. 2S&) miles from
sere.
What is of more immediate impor
ance to the people of this city is that
he new canal and power house will re
ult in a civic development that was
impossible in the old days. For one
eason alone. the absence of cheap
ower. Sault Ste. Marie has been back
rard of growth. Coal has always been
cry costly. so that, despite the natural
dvantages, despite the city's location
ia vast mining region and on the
anks of government canals, the place
as never boasted a population of more
han 20.004) people. With the advent of
heap power all this will surely be
hanged, and it is small wonder that
i/ /
THE BOO POWER CANAL.
when the canal and power house were
completed the town passed a resolution
to the effect that
"We are celebrating the completion
of the greatest water power develop
ment in the world, which is to revolu
tionime the Industrial conditions not
only of this city, but the entire country
surrounding. and msrks a new era in
our history. This event will impress
upon the outside world our possibilities
as a manufacturing center, and upon
our own p.ople all that the develop
ment of water power really means."
How thIt hange was made possible
is an lateresting story ia itself. The
only outlet of Lake Superior Is the St.
Mary's river. which empties into Lakp
Huron, but which is umnavigable ow.
ing to falls of twenty feet. To over
come this both the United Statls and
the Canadian goverements built ship
canals several yeara ago, thus stimulot
ing the oemmeree of the great lakes.
But until recent years it did net occur
to any one that the difference in levc'
between Superior and Huron might be
utilised to furnish the power that w
so badly n"-Aed by Sault Ste. Marie.
To make use of this difference in
level a canal two and a half miles long
has been built from Lake Superior to
a point In the St. Mary's river far be
low the falls. Jpst beforeithe drop into
the river the canal spreads the water
out into a pond, making the fall more
than a quarter of a fuile in width.
Across this extensive expanse the huge
power house has been built.
Without doubt the building is the
longest structure in the world, being
1,368 feet in length. It is supported by
eighty-one arches, through which the
water, flows. Three hundred and twen
ty turbines transmit the power to
eighty generators, each of 500 horse
power. Each of the huge dynamos thus
affected is a wonder in'itself. for on ac
count of the peculiar way in which
they are run there must not be the
slightest difference in the wiring, and
the revolutions of all the machines
must be identical..
One peculiar outcome of the building
of the canal has been the construction
of what are known as compensating
works. Before the great power scheme
had been completed lake men realized
the great Joss the lake would sustain in
having 30,000 cubic feet of water with
drawn everyv second. It was asserted.
and not without reason, that within a
few years Superior would not be fit for
navigation. Complaint was made to
the war department, and the protest of
the lake men was upheld, the engineers
being ordered to devise some means of
compensation for this great drain.
For some time the problem was a
baffling one, but it was finally found
that the solution lay in damming the
St. Mary's river, which was a flow ?nd
fall of water useless in itself. A huge
dam was constructed just above the
rapids and sluice gates, each fifty-four
feet long and thirteen feet high and
made of steel plates, which were so ar
ranged that they could at will diminish
the flow of water in the river. The re
sult was all that could be desired.
Already the "Soo" is beginning to feel
the effects of cheap power. A railroad
to Hudson bay is being built to bring
down the products of the great coun
try to the north. Ores can now be
mined and taken to the smelters and
refiners. All- sorts of industries are
booming. A government report just
Issued shows that the net freight ton
nage that passed through the ship ca
nals last year was' 35.961.146. How
:much greater tonnage will Pe carried
through this year can easily be imag
end. HENRY W. MILLER.
WITH THE AUTHORS.
now Sueee.eeal Novelists 5pes
Their Moneo'-A Georwe Ado StetV
[Special Correspondence.]
New York, Feb. 16. -- To be yOeag
charming in person atid successful ini
letters-what more is needed to arouse
publie interest? Having speculate-Ai as
to the amounts which popular young
authoresses earn by their peln work, the
next questions which tle average por
son asks are: "Whhat do th'y do with
it? How do they spend it? Miss .o1L1
stoic, you know, is building a nurguiti
cent binai in Richinonil. Ijallie Fir
minie Rives has been traveling abroad.
Now comnes news of Miss Bertha Run
kle, whose first book, 'The Helmet of
Nivarre." has brought her a small for
tulle.
Miss Itunkle is spending the winter
n in California. but, eurt4 in the spring
she plans to go to Japan for a long rest.
She is not writing at presetut, although
t she has well under way another histor
ical romance of an earlier period than
s "The Helmet of Navarre."
"I got to a point where my story
o seemed dead; 0 was just writing words,
- words. words." said Miss Itunkle re
I cently. "and so S put it away and will
I not take it up again until U am quite
rested."
The truth is that miss t[unkle is not
even yet over her surprise at the im
mediate success of her story. She has
a naive modesty about her accomplish
ment and is not quite positive about
the way in whieb she came into her
own.
The actual preparation Mliss Runkle
had for her career must be of interest
to those who have theories as to the
best kind of education for a girl. and
particularly for those who show a de
cided bent. She never attended college.
Her Instruction was in a private school
in New York, and when within some
two years of finishing the course, which
was practically such a one as is given
In a high school, Miss Runkle's health
gave way and she was taken out. After
a rest, instruction at home in English
and history and almost anything but
mathematics followed. This gave the
very best opportunities for reading.
"I was always browsing in the libra
ries, and did exactly the kind of work
that pleased me," said Miss Runkle.
Miss Runkle is tall, above the aver
age. She is a most interesting type of
American girl, and her manners are of
the cheerful sort, cordial, with just an
attractive shyness. She Is rosy cheeked
and bright eyed.
Miss Runkle has but twenty years
and a few more to her credit, and
should be able to do valuable work in
American Action, for she does not seem
"spoiled by excessive praise," as some
of her friendly critics feared that she
might be. She has at least been wise
enough not to rush another book on
the public on the strength of her suc
cess.
Geosge Ade, the Hoosier AEsop, Is a
product of Kentland. Ind. He has a
past. Most of us have. In Kentland.
which is a rravl town, the most they
can may of Ade is that he was the best
story teller in ths place and a fairly
good Bald hand.
It is a matter of history in and about -
Kentland that Ads as a slim limbed
youngster used to work on a farm and
that his specialty was "eatting bands
on a thrashing machine." He likewise
was *onsidered an expert at plowing
corn. An experience he had while en
gaged In this capacity came near de
priving the world of one humorist.
Ade had hired hblhself out to a farmer
during the corn plowing season, and
he was delighted with his position be
eause, as he then declared, the farmer
was such a considerate man be allowed
HE GRABBED UP THE JUG.
eighteen hours for a day's work in
stead of compelling his "hands" to
crowd it all into ten hours.
One particularly oppressive June day
the heat stricken, dust covered Ade boy
was falling over the clods between
corn rows when he got thirsty. Rush
ing up to a hedgerow, where two jugs
were hidden from the sun's searching
rays, he grabbed up one of them and
permitted the contents to gurgle down
his throat.
Ade never did have much of a taste
for water in a jug and did not discover
that he had made a mistake until lie
had placed within himself a large
quantity of machine oil. When they
found young Ade stretched out under
a tree, he was as sick as a boy who
had mistaken machine oil for drinking
water could possibly be. Ade nver
gets through declaring that he cannot
look at a cornfield without tasting that
oil. RICHARD TUPPER.
S. B. HICKS, President. YALE HICKS, Vice Pg
W. F. CHASE, Secretary-Treasurer.
DIRECTORS.
YALE HICKS, S. R. W-ICKS, F. WI. GOSMIAN. \ .F. C
T. I.4 SCOVEL7r. C. H. STEVENSON.
THE HICKS CMAN
&T-LMIlED.
WIHOLESALF GROCERS
and COTTON FACTO)
Office and tarehous. %orme% Spring and Traws Streets, and
lexas and \ onfuhrli( . ,t-vets
We want our merchant friends in the count
know that our plant is grand new and up to no
all respects. and all printing entrusted to us w
turned out promptly pnd in the very latest style.
THE CAUCASIAN.
O3QWERS' DRUGSTOR -
Luc. to Aug. J. flogeT.
Books, q Stationery,*Toilet + Artic
and Fancy 'Goods.
Wauufactures .f Flavoring Extracts, Pure Soda and
eval Water.. Agents *oM Smith-Premniar Typewriters.
Fresh Garden Seed.
Prescriptions carefully *ompoiunded with the best and fr
alrugs. I 4aeors . preeiateA and e.rders giver" pro
attention.
FRED W1 BOWERS. Proprietor.
,C. C. Hardman & Co.,
W.VhoTesate and Retail DeaTer in
LUMBER, SHINGLES, SASH
Doors. Blinds and General House
Finishing Goods,
Office and Salesrooms Cornet Spring and Crockett.
Lumber Yard Corner Lake and McNeil
SHREVEPORT, LA.
Gardeners and Truck Farm
TAKE NOTICE!
We have received our new crop T. & W. Brand Challenge Field and
den Seeds from Northern and Eastern seed farms. This seed po
strong germinating powers, produces vigorous plants which insures an
dant harvest and means more money in your pockets if you buy this
Write for catalogue and ask for special prices on Seed Corn, Oats,
Barley, Wheat, Amber and Orange Cane Seed, Alfalfa, Clocer. Millet
Seed Potatoes, or send us your order. We guarantee satisfaction.
108 Texas St. TUSTEN & WEll
RVI1EN IS NEEID OF ANY
Fancy or Staple Groceri'
FISH,* OYSTERS. FRUIT,
or anything in our line, phone oe send eis sour orders. We will give'
prompt delivery and the very best quality at the lowest prices. Call
take a look at our new line of Fancy goods gust received.
The I. X. L. Grocery Co.,
512 and 514 Texas St. Phones 87 and 164.
Orton Hofel D Restaura
.)PEN DAY AND NIGHT.
Regular Meals Served,
Best in the City, . 2
SHORT ORDERS I SPECT LTx.
SPECIAL ATTENTIOI TO S)PER4 TROUPES.
*LEGAoT ROOMS-- III H ONFECTION.
9Of-3-5-7 Texas Street, Corner of Louisiana.
A Stock Clearing.
eO\\ IS WOUR{9IiANCE FIR
theap Crockery, tilassware* Cutlery
,and Generai House Furnishing Goods.
We desire to cut our stock down to make rkam for our Sumner G
and for SIXTY DAYS you can get hargains all the way through m a
goods. GALL AND INVESTIGATE.
F. MARTEL & SON,
Phone 555. 211 Texas
Th Florsheirni Bros. Dry Ooods CoI
EXCLUSIVEtL JVHOLESA E DEALERS IN
Dry Goods, Notions, Boots, Sh
and Hats.
510, 512 and 514 Levee Street. New York Office 77 Fraiklin St