P[We rrret to say that much of the
matter-social notes, etc-Is unlavoid
ably altttrd.]
Cbtrtauqut Improvements
Td proposed improvement of the
Chejtauqua property before next
seaOU was substantially emphasised
at,be called meeting of t,'l stock
bhders, held at Ruston last Tuesday,
bthe report of Mr B F 'hompsou,
salrman, of the exectuive commit.
.ee, which stated that the required
amouunt, $2000, had been secured, and
t.that the committee was ready for
plans for the improvements. These
will include terracing the grounds,
developing the springs, enlarging the
park, etc.
It was further decided to develop
the Chau'auqua as a 4ummer resort
and keep the hotels open from June
to October.
Although Rustou is a thrivin.
icwn,it has Lot lost eight of the tact
that itsgrowth has been largely due
:o the location of the (hautauqua in
its environs, which eventually led to
the Industrial School being estab
lished there. Ruston means to stand
by these Institutlons. and thus keep
alive the broad catholic spirit of im
roving the community through the
individual.
Ruaton hu almost doubled its pop
Clatlon during the past year. Tbh
building or the Arkansas Southeri
Railway to its gates and beyoud
making a North and South line
through the great timber lands o
LouisIana and Arkansas, gave thi
first stimulus to growth and woks
the little town from its lethargy. 1
bas forged ahead ever since and cas
now claim many of the things with
out which a city Is imposaible, vii
Waterworks, telephone system, let
plant, oil mill, steam laundry, etc.
Ruston's situation In the Nortl
Louisiana uplands is pretty munc
like Atlanta's in the Georgia hills
Witbott any geographical reaso,
that it should become a city, Atlanta
to the surprise of the people of the
IState, has grown and grown and wil
4oatious to grow. The right sort o
people came along with the founding
of atlanta, and haat is the secret o
its growth; so, we believe it will be
with Rueton. The right sort of pea
ple are there and it will grow, and In
, tim e a fair, goodly city.
" onoert and Dance
Concert and dance at Princes. Parn
e mt Wednesday nilght, for the benfli
f the park. Proceeds will be used
m*'rake s eoncrete walk from the
to the pavillion. A beautiful
eel programme has been pre
gaed byRettig'e Band,
Let all atted and and rlibute to the
'~-,ropoeed park improvement.
A big bouquet of rome and an.
ether otlylmas adorns our desk
I.tr Mrs V Grosegen's garden.
L """
Personal
Mrs A D Battle of New Orleans ls
A guest of Mrs L M carter.
Miss Mary B Laud of Baton Rouge,
t.ue-reatl g fora few weeks in our
L y,em)oyiag the bospitality of Mrs
Ne bitt and Mrs A D Land.
Miss Beele Iannaford of tUran
enLry, Texg, who spent the month of
taly at the Chautauqua, is the charm-.
Igguest of the Misses Perroncel.
SMr H H Byrd of Virginia, was in
"gmr last week, the guest of Misses
, and Sidney Smith.
Mmnes Lowry sad 4ade of Benton
the guests of Mrs -N Blanchard.
Miss Joele Carter, who is still at
jstkbprliag with her father, writes
all weleome news of Mr Carter's im
meat, which we trust will con.
and enable him soon to return
Willis Newcomb is enjoying a
-arnmd rest at Hot Springs.
H Mainge, Jr, of New Orleans,
report.
?srotM4 Btyrd left Thursday for
mae, where he will spend a
. tav Mr Spearing returned home
y from a two weeks' camping
Ama.asls, with his choir boys.
and his boys are de.
wvth .eir trip.
M L Boovell has returned
e, but his wife will re
he Ea st until the end of
L Daringer leave on this
train for Lake, where she
her daughter, Mrs C D I
her grand ohild.
II I ke of the TLsongue 1
esege Joedos, to sell-Coetrol.
semwe. Te gnu merely u
1 tWeuse kills reputation
and, oftentimes, ruins char-nters. t lch
gun works alone; each loaded tongue has a
hundred acrorpllces. fhe havoc of the
gun Is visible at once. The full evil of the
tongue lives through all the years; even
the eye of Omniscienoe might grow tired
in tracing it to 1'. ti islity.
The crimes of the tongue are w irds of
unkindness, of anger. of malice, of envy,
of Bitterness, of harsh criticism, gossip,
1) Ing and scandal. ''uett and murder are
aaful crimes, yet in any sngtle year tile
aggregate sorrow, pain and suffering tuey
cause in a nation is microscopic w :en
compared with the sorrows that come from
the crimes of the tnogue. Place in one of
the scale pans of Justice, the evils resulting
from the acts of criminals, and in the other
the grief and tears and suffering resulting
from the crimis of respectabilitY, and you
will start back in amazement as you see
the scale you thought the heavier shoot
high in the air.
At the hands of thief or murderer, few
of us suffer, even indirectly. But from the
cruel and vicious tongu3 ot enemy, who is
free? No human being can iive a life so
true, so fair, so pure, as to be beyond the
reach of 'alace, or immune from the
poisonous emenations of envy. The in
silous attack against one's reputation,
the loathscm3 endoes, slurs, hall-lies,
by which jealous mediocrity seeks to ruin
its superiors, are like those insect parasites
that kill the heart and life of a mighty oak.
ho cowardly is the method, so stealthy the
shooting of the poisoned thorns, so insig
nifioant the separate acts in their seeming,
that one is net on their guard against
them. It is easier to d dge an elephant
than a microbe,
RELIGIOUd
St. Marks Eplicupal Churob--Rev. Jos. H.
epearing, ooteor.
Services today as follows: Holy Com
muneson at 7:30 a m. Litany, Sermon and
Holy Communlon at 11 a m. Sunday Sehool
at 9:30 a m.
There will be no evenlap servioe,
Everybody ordellly tailled,
Central Christtae Church.
Owing to the aseence of the pastor
there will be no preaching at the Central
Christian Ohurch today. Sunday School
as usual at 9:80 am. Communlon service
at 11 a m. Christian Bndeavor meetUng at
6:80 p m.
Base Ball
Gami yesterday: Nashville 10,
Shreveport 4.
Closed by Attachment
The saloon of J L Hunter, 309
Texas street, was closed by attachs
meal. Henry Holsner is the plaintiff.
The amount aggregates $2,400.
PORTO RICO CONDITIONS.
Money Scare, but the P'.,eple Are Orad
ually Forging Ah,.ad.
New York, Aug. 2.-Frederick L.
Cornwell, the only American holdinz
an elective office in P.,rto Rico. is in
the city with a party of Porto Rican
merchantsand flnanci(r.-. Mr. Corn
well is a young Mt'onurian He ha
been elected to the , . 1, -"rýn'l of th,
Porto FRlrn l--^ ., i
posed oi 35 Ien -, . ...
man of the judi-iar. . .' i
a member of the law tirru of Eltr;mn: &
Cornwell of San Juan endl Mayaguez
One of the men in the party witu Mr.
Cornwell is S. C. Charp:entier, presidlent
of the French railway in Porto Rico
Mr. Charpentier is here to consult with
the Havemeyers relative to the estabn
lishment of a great central sugar facto
ry near Arecibo.
"This year," said Mr. Cornwell, "the
sugar crop was worth $8,0'0,0(00. LIst
year it amounted to only $5,000,0(0.
Next year it will proba.by be worth
$12,000,0QA.
"There is no mpney on the isla.d.
-The circulation is $1.75 per ealiteb
There is great want, as Porto Rice rha
not yet recovered from the terrific cy
clone. It destroyed fully one-half the
ooffee plantations. This year we will
have a 60 per cent coffee crop.
"Tobacco growers have not been en
couraged since the Alner:can occupa
tion. They turn out oigars there for $.
a 100 that cannot Ab equalled here for
$12. When the business is properly
pushed the Porto Rican cigar will crowd
the Havana out of the market here.
"We have 850 public schools now in
opeation, and the children are being
taught English as well as Spanish. Few
Porto Ricans speak Engliel. In the
lower branch of the legislat re all the
debates are in Spanish.
"There are fewer Americana on the
island than there were a year ago, but
most Americans who went there with
apital have done wjl."
I. VOITANm wAM ADAnS
IORTIAN & ADAIiS.
TINNERS,
GALVANIZED IRUU CISTERN6
ImAD3 IN &U!G .6Aa&oI Wv
S'0FIIM1 UD GUTTIIG6 A SPECIILT
d14 MBASHALL BTSIRT
Dr. J. J. Scott.
PHYSICIAN AND SURGEON
attes for Order aV
Rateer & Browa's, S~ Tuax Stres
Iler'L Phartaay, Tes and lartet
1 Aver,'1 s s eays, 73 Tealt sret
corner Common Street.
REIDENCE: 31a Cermuom Street.
Teleph ~ a
THE bMART WOMAN,,
Her Secret Lie. Not In Clothes, bt
I. 4( urrlage.
Good ia'irr:i~Lc 1i' -"'.yt!al to style.
No matt C *. !:,t :t ..l : e1 ars, if she
flo(s nflt r, v :i rilyv and
Ir ,athr e pt ,;, .l , , .1. ti Uisilest cos
full't.' .::. :::1 :w r i ot II r 1.'i I ,. :i1 1 snl li r t
n~ on s . " L . r i. 1 . , ,1ir1 t if .l .h ' th a t wvic it
S t a l d " 11 ! Ib t l. e :1 ,1 ,:11 l lp , ,t r i la illn .
anlld it, '", i' : t h i St*, Ie; co e a-i
m otlc.,ry ", . ,r t:., i,, \n . u e't. Tlhese.
th en . lr41 r \\, 'I " 11th4 In , t collm m o
falli it i lt. ' \\tcitii ic' of therO
illUalll I, ,tsl Ii r1 " it oI, l r of oIllrO Or
(':lrl'; "-:. \\. I"llili( ;!it l!i'" il(' oVet'
fi elllk' b y ul''::u l rl 1, - tw" tll l ij x' i erc i (e.
T , h ,arn t , I :Ilk un 1d to stk i , iiico rectly
a r e d u t i " 1 'v 'y \V )lw ll l)nu o w (s t o h e r -
s i ll, :1 li41 tl l ,'y s h o ul , ft , u a p a r t o f e v -
ery girl's curly tr:iIiiln ., l .,r a can-less
habit once tor..ill is hard to br·o ieak.
Stannd well and walk well, and the rest
will follow, siyrs The New Idea Wom
an's Magazinle, which discourses of the
"smnart" girl as folloiws:
The "smmrii:it" girl takt'es herself seri
onusly, ias thiulh "ie were a poet, aitd
st:irts oit \itli thie d terminaition to
perfect hlerseilf, hly and clotlhs.
lher', thie . Is her sic(ret. 'She knows
how to stand correctly, and she has
found out th iat Inoi woant i who poilses
her holdy prope'rly at thie waist lire can
ever appir riio .ioupllliac, no matter
how simple her :.tlrie.
The minute a woman stands lightly
on her feet, with
knees atrm ight,
chlst well out,
Stolht:l i'h flat,
shoulders drawn
d(ownl aundt the
Sbody. frotm wast
so lightly for
ward, she has
, ' acquired at once
.a certain smart
" noss of effect
that no amount
o beauty or faine
ceothes could
MART CARRIAGE. g!ve. A woman
simply can't stand correctly and look
slovenly. The"smart" girl s never round
shouldered or hollow clsested, and. by
standing properly, she I-reathes proper
ly. Every full, deepI breath she draws
strengthens the muscles of her sides
and abdomen. She is bound not to
grow into a fat, ungainly woman, who
can never catch her breath or a train,
for a proper poise of the body means
good digestion and good health.
It is probably going too far to say
that a girl sets about being "smart" in
order to be healthy, but it is absolutely
true that she Is quite likely to grow
stronger because of her correct way
of carrying her body.
How many women sink into a little
heap the minute they sit down-shoul
ders drooping, chest sunken, the whole
weight of the body thrown on the end
of the spine. The "smart" girl sits In
the same erect, alert way that she
stands, and If she wishes to rest she
leans back against her shoulders and
not the middle of her back. In bend
Ing, whether at a desk or over a dish
pan or at a dinner table, she bends
from her waist, not ,from her shoul
ders, and she -tot only looks well, but
avoids fatigue and the actual injuries
that come from any strain or misplac
ed muscles.
Bugs and eBas.
The wholesale slaughter of the inval
uable little ladybugs, under the impres
sion that they are buffalo bugs, moves
me to try to describe the latter so plain
ly that no one who reads this need
make the mist(a-ke again, says a G..,d
Housekeeping correspondent. The bur
falo bug hi the beetl stage is about
ami eighth of an inch long, much small
.and *atter than Uk iinnocent cousin.
-~. gereti wtil aidnte black and
viigl k the mottled leeook
'.4d ot I 'e#tfhhfh la 'worstd,
'a- i pt stripe of ree down
the middle of the back only. It likes
the light, so you will often find It on
the window casings, but in the summer
it will leave the house for .the garden.
The tiny, shining, black carpet beetle
is a little longer and narrower than the
buffalo bug and an easy prey on ac
count of Its color.
Skirt For Summer Gowns.
Flouncea, big and little, are becoming
universal for muslins, vellings, foulards
and other thin materials. The model
is a particularly. good one, well fitting
--~p
FLOUNCED SKIRT FOR THIN MATERIALB.
round the hips down to the shaped
volante, which can be either cut in one
with the upper part and left loose or
put on separately under the ruching.
The under flounce is cut separately
andattached to the tou4dation.
Pineapple FPrppe.
PeeL eye and shred or grate one good
sized fresh pineapple. -Make a sirup
with one and a half cupfuls of sugar
sld one pint of water, boll for five min
utes and cool. Add the juic6 of three
lemons, the prepared pineapple and one
tu ~ater. Pour into thiag
in ete to a mush. Serve in small
_lasses. . .
LEADING FEATURES IN THE MODES
CF THE SEASON.
The For'ard 'l'ilt or nin oeleending
line l'romn .'ro,.t to Ilnek-- nanrt
Inetllting l)re,.-Go-anslllntr Materinl
lFotr the I)nalinme.
',]: i , t',,' " ' s, 1 '-tr'J -, i iin' 1i1f thle
; , t t if rih . v . i, i 'i i,, t h e 1 p \ i ',1l
t h'. l n.l ' .. f l ' - , ' : t 01 I ,: l 'k . T h : a t t h 1 '
'urr t io : fl I it I f t1 i;- w1 ill r :al ily
1 e 1 rll l'I i - 1 l . "T h! i1 ' 1 ' ,1' g 1 . 1 .1', l 'a1 t h r'I', t heI
1 'or-4.'t 11i.i1,'1', 1: :It 'I't. '..11t 4)f mlo0st
a du\\u l;l' tI Ilhl l yr froalJ bu k to
IVORI Ct!t.E A1D LACE 4o 11N.
front is the aim of the up to date corset
makers, who are shortening their latest
models a good three-qunrters of an inch
at the back of the waist.
Thus the "altogether," taken In one
comprehensive glance from head to
foot and from the side, will be a pro.
nounced tilt forward, slightly reminis.
cent, perchance, of the one time ac.
quired "G;rcian bend."
The first sketch, besides exemplify
nlag to some extent this favorite line of
fashion, shows a cown which is a per
feet poem in itself. It is of ivory em
broidered point rl'esprit, almost covered
with graduating applique tucks of
Ivory crepe de chine, the tucks arrang
ed In a new manner, ench showing a
peep of the lace beneath, a deep per
pendicular fold of crepe de chine on
either side of the hips breaking the line
of tuckings. The bodice pouches over
a wide girdle or basque of deep cream
guipure, and has a gold embroidered
waistcoat. A mixture of lace and chif
fon is introduced into the sleeves, with
a soft little puff of the latter below the
elbow.
The second cut shows a smart yacht
iug coat appropriate to the season. This
goat wrap is made of navy cloth and
has a simulated undercoat of red cloth
liberally strapped with the blue, and
down the center of each strip runs a
line of rich gold breid.
Certainly this season gossamer mate
rials are being worn In the daytime
which were not considered at all cor
rect In the times that are past. Net
with rings and spots and other devices,
plain tulles, lace, the most gossamer
of silk muslins, are worked with gold
or silver threads and with minute
pearls.
But the great novelty of the moment
is without doubt small ribbons and mi
nute rouleaux worked Into designs as
they used to be years ago. Looking
back to the beginning of the nineteenth
eentury, when the short empire waists
weore lb vogue, we find the hems,of the
skirts were trimmed with Interlaced
riblbons, whether they formed either a
series of diamonds or consecutive cir
cles, and these played their part on the
sleeves and the bodices.
Flowers are a great adjunct to the
dress of the moment. We have flower
iiy
SArT YACIITONG COAT.
rans which when closed look like a
spray of blossoms and beautiful paint
ed ones with butterflies and peacocks'
reathers mingling with painted blooms,
and ruffles are sewed over at the edge
either with petals or small flowers.
Splced Currants and Jam.
For spiced currants take seven pounds
If currants, four pounds of sugar, one
)ait of vinegar, one tablespoonful each
)f cinnamon and cloves and one table
ipoonful of allspic . Boll to a jam.
which will take tw or three hours.
For currant jam boil one pint of cur
ant juice with three nints of sugar
und add four qa.rts of currants. Let
t simmer until quite thick; then put it
sway in Jars.
rý
EMA Strayed.
MRS. OERRY'S HANDSOME TEA GOWN.
part was wrought in a pretty design of
the chiffon flowers, and the rest was
bloused, and across the bust was drawn
a drapery made of the net and wrought
to match the rest of the garment. The
long eut . were dotted and scalloped. A
little end of the lace showed at the belt,
which was of black velvet. The sleeves
were loose a little below the elbow and
trimmed to match and ended In a chitf
fon ruffle. The becoming hat worn with
this was of black Tuscan straw, the
brim bent into more waves than a wo
man has moods. It had as trimming
nothing but rich ostrich feathers, and
they were put on flat and curled around,
ftting in the depressions. A parasol
calculated to make every other woman
turn green with envy was of white taf
feta. with full chiffon ruffles, each
edged with applique in the same gener
al style as that on the dress, only they
were all pale green. There were three
rows of very narrow black velvet rib
bon set around the parasol Just above
the shirring that headed the ruffles, and
at every rib this was tied Into a lot of
loops and ends. The wearer of this
dainty costume is owner of a One string
of matched pearls, and she has the best
complexion In the country.
This was but one of the elegant cos
tumes worn at this very swell function.
Mrs. Gerry wore a lovely confcttion of
lilac foulard trimmed most lavishly
with white lace, put on, as one lady
said, wherever it would do the most
good. Ry that swe i._ suppoa shb
meant whlfrefer It would look the best.
Her natty little bonnet was made to
match and had much fine lace on it
and some delicate velvet violets in a
pale shade. One young lady looked like
poor Little Buttercup In a yellow lace
over a taffeta- nnderdress of the same
color. Her close bonnet was of black
and yellow gauze. Yellow is often seen,
It is true, and yet when we see a cos
tume all a study in yellow we some
how notice It particularly. So much
black and white are worn that It is
rather a pleasure to see something else
once in a while. There is certainly
much blue of a pale shade and pink
also in delicate tint, and once in awhile
there is a suspicion of lilac. liut grays
and soft tans are more in evidence.
White gowns with some or a good
deal of black velvet ribbon as trimming
are really the prettiest, always allow
ing the lace, without which no white
dress is complete and few colored one's.
One lady wore a navy blue china crepe
long of skirt and princess shape, the
whole embroidered around the skirt
with chenille and silver flowers. On
the waist there was a simulated bolero
worked aljo with the blue chenille and
slilver.
i nere were quite a num wr or batiste
gowns, some of them hand painted and
some with applique of cretonne figures
fastened down with floss silk done in
buttonhole stitch. This kind of trim
ming Is very pretty when rightly done.
OLIVE IIARPE.
Ertemalve Coal Lands.
Some idea of the value of the coal de
posits in Indian Territory can Ihe gain
ed when it is known the average thick
ness of the vein is four feet. which wiill
produce 4.()0 tons an a~cr.' These
lands are leased in 14os of 960 acres
each, which means that 3.a~(,0(t) to
4.000,000 tons can he produced by those
leasiing the land. On this'-utput the
lessees pay a royalty of 8 eents a tea.
The ontplut during thel last year was
1.9!.8127 as against 1,400,442 tons the
previous year.
A Wr.I TE MAN CITY IN THE
TROPICS.
I aderr the Sounth.rn 4 *owný-i:u.rpenp
1:nt r"rlpe-r i t o '.4 a ii| Inslu trý 1| eI
iurun.l d a ' it:(. r II ntnl..I 1Vihlider
nev. IntI, an I:nrtll) I'aradlie.
ti , I ,1 ;a lit I 1 f. I' I \ ill e1 IIIn 11 1 ' 1 V' -
th. .-. '.\'I'r I tl. :I . " at . r 4'Id li
m; it." \\ 1.; ti i t 1. - l i t:1 I , h e
shol1 -11 k I ,i ,\\1. I:! i fo, r ,",n " 'ra
tioii. E:4n Li-l ltln'll ill -.,.til4 .\:ia :11141 itsi
I .l ..1 say that 1, ',. ;I 4 ':Ir. If t: hey
e('a . II1 41 ey 4 t4 o the Il ,:4'.i 1 1!t1 1 41 I'll 'try
rhe, lthey ":ll e 144 14 I' + r4nt Ma ul l It' so
fl i fohtr ttIr4 l4o lirh. T ren thei ir :rltr
atrn blo1,. i4crto.s 1 o , ehd off and Irr ra-ly
for tilt' h.:l lt 4:4. 4 1'11 t
In ilin Iapor, hlowivS ,r, tho gt4ih it i~
oTnl rInne allt i" s north of the I 'i-vin
tor, white mII,1I have ereated a city so
agreeblel .(0 in Illhalthful thaI. t is in
sible for thi411 to liv t ) here in compar
ativre mi.il fort 1the . ar riii lt 4. In rte
Sal.p 1' to s anitation (,l1d hS iallhfulnA ,s.-r
Singl ,apore furliihes a sharp contrultl tt
toanila. that toolazy, irty ,hl Liatin town
apore is rs much superior to Manils a.s
a thriving, hustling United States city
.n ahead of an ldl Spanish-American
town. That, too, thouth Manila is 9+)0
mles north of Singalpore and is much
more favorably snituat1ed Iy natutre than
thi British city. Manila might ,e nmad4.
in a few years what Singapore is now.
and what that is I shall proceed to tell
you.
The city and Island of Singapore
were sold to Great Britain In 1.2.'4 by
the sultan of Johore. Then the English
merchants and officials who had to live
there began making a white man's city
out of the ancient Malay village. First
there was sanitation, then street thed
road building, lastly beautifying to be
attended to. Today the town Is one of
the cleanest In tile world. It Is not en
tirely drained and sewered, as occiden
tal cities are, but it Is kept healthful in
a way that Is posslhle to a region where
the cheapest commodities on the mar-'
ket are human life and labor. Every
morning a Chinaman, with two covered
pails balanced upon a pole across hit
burden bearing shoulders, comes to
each residence and carries away all
refuse matter and garbage. The streets
are almost perfectly clean. No pesti
it-nce breeding germs are allowed to
hover in the air and brood and generate
In the human body. One of the healthi
est, handsomest white infants I ever
saw was a little fellow 15 months old.
of English parentage, born and living
all his little life in Singapore.
The city is divided into three resi
dence districts-white, Malay and Chli
nese. The residential part of the white
quarter is ideally beautiful, an earthly
paradise. The general effect of it out
doors Is that of a landscape garden.
The best time to see It is in the morn
Ing at dawn, just before the sunrise.
Then the brown nurses take the chil
dren out In baby carts and pony car
rlages. Picturesque Chinese rickshaw
men trot in from the country between
IN TEE BOTANICAL GARDEN.
the shafts of their wheeled chairs to be
readly for passengers. Other patient
toil:ng yellow men, gardeners, bend
their backs beneath the weight of ham
pers of vegetables they are bringing to
market, yet others are the scavengers
going their rounds. Monkeys chatter
and fash In and out among the splen
did trees, as mucl at llme as I!n the
heart of their native forest.
The botanical garden of Singapore In
a noble park where the student of plant
life may spend months in research.
Nearly all the vegetation of the oriental
tropics has been gathered here through
the patient, lifelong labor of white sci
entists. The garde l contains a large
orchid house and a considerable en:iag
erie which includes a specimen of two
of the almost extinct emu.
The Chinaman is at his best in Singa
pore. Free and unlleeced by corrupt of
ficials, he works his own sweet will
and grows rich. Here you may behold
that rare creature, a fat ('Chitnaman. At
a shop I entered was an old Cel.stial so
stout that be could only descend with a
gr mit and a groan from the counter
where he sat. Hlre, too. are specnrirnns
of the Hlndoo race at Its heat. A slim.,
dark eyed, high caste Indian merchant:
with a pure classic pr,,fle will dis
coTrs. to you lofty .danntle phloanophyl
while you cheapln si!lk nor 1 Irroadhes.
1Here also you Ridl 1h:a pt t of the
tropics, moequitoes.
WILI.IAM WARREN.