IF YOU NEED MONEY
MONEY TO LOAN. And can not call, ph tvrin
~ll ut.S PCer-ýºnal Collateral. and we will call on oui pr'r ailIlv- All
.1t h JA lr. , . ) onds Guns. Etc. transactiolns cinfi~lential.
ýtatch J, lryi, iTL. E SKI , Thy Sir:v n P3'lroikr
Karg alns in (Qi' 8tiid Pe 419 'I'Tex:i stretI, ( );. gwite I' stonicie.
Bargains in Uuredeulled PledgesL 4f r":'Sr"r. ºý<.S~n4e
IHE CAUCASIAN
IR LAULE
Th) caacosfanO Pil~ljlislinB COm501Y
OFFICIAL ORGAN
OF THE
"AfiSH OF CADDO
NOT JUsTIFIED
In attemptiug to jnstify the ou
wageous policy of devastatioo b
.L-rd Kichener, in aouth Africa, M
-Ubamberlalu, in a seeeh of rec."
late, in the ioues of Commuon, cite
*.. precedents the ruin wrought bh
Shermiu in Georgia, and Sheridan
,au V'irgints.
Because Shermas's march to the
eea was blackened with the smoke of
*omes, burned in mere wantonuees;
because detenseless old men, women
* and children were Insulted and
,robbed by Shermau's bums and
$illsgore; because bheridoan, In a mo
aent of exultation over his comple
lion of the work of destruction and
woe, boasted that a crow. to live, in
lying across the valley of the She
eoandohab most carry along its rationf;
because the United States goveru-n.
.sent armed two hundred thousand
".egroes, slaves, and hurled themn
against the South, is no justification
.t the barbarities which Kitchener
has permitted; no justlfi.tiouti for
warring on women and children.
But the devastation by Kitchener,
ia South Africa-his polio) of con
eentrados-forclfg the old wome'
nud' children and old men in camps
where they sicken and die, is on a
parallel with the barbarities of Eng
land in India, in Ireland and in
A.merlce, when tbhe Indians were
*omWd and urged to murder and pil.
*.aqe-to exterminate the American
- =olonsts and Revolutiontlss.
All this twaddle f justlficatlon I.
wearisome to every man not a toady
? ans Anglo-manilc. It is not pos
.able for England to Justafy her bar
baritles towards the Boers, who are
struggling for independonee, as did
the Patriots of '76 ander Washing
too. It is, Ldiscreditable to England
Sand to Lord Kitobener to think that
ae handful of men, so to speak, have
4ded and are resistiug the best
equipped armles of England, and be
ease the Boers, ightling for their
homes and their independence will
teait yield to Kitoene,thbey are bhreat
,ened with banashment and with hang
Iag as traitors. But men of the Boer
stripe will not be Intimidated by
yEklebsjer' proclamation of barba
1as tbreats, nor will KLtehner, by
Ie inhubman course, arouse any senti
ment of Justification la the breasts of
Ames who love liberty.
If England, with two hundred
Chouosand men canonot lick the Boers, I
etltmsted to be ten to fiftteen thou
sand Iln the field, then Kitchener and
fls troops should be recalled home.
Nol Kitchener cannot be justfied.
becausoe Sherman and Sheridan and
others on the Federal side, during
the war between the North and the
South left ruin and desolation In
their tracks.
THE MOOTALITY STATISTICS
ui the Times' lase of Friday, is
iubliahed the mortality statistics
4fom the cobeus bureau, at Washing.
too, D C, in which Shreveport i,
rosely misrepresented and improp
erly reported.
This report, however, Is in keeping
with much of the work of enumera
tion, et, of the conus bureau, which
*as bee,. unsatstactory and hab
aroesed the most vigorous protests
from many towns and cities of the
,United States.
The aecorrecines of the reports
. due, no doubt, to the reekless
uses, or to the earlesenew, or to the
'Ieompeteoey of some of the men em
pl9 ed. At any rate, the reports
'ibt bran4dd ofiial, may be aa
epMd a auetrUity, unless their eor
vectu le queslosed and ehallenged.
TO Mteseia, thUrefore, a a repre
3«tautve of the lp~ e or Shreve
ptt, lttbout hesitation or reserva
4io ehalUeages the correctness of the
report, Ito so far as it relates to ti
Lity.
Accordlng to the report, Shrev
port is ranked with the most un
bealthy-whbich is untrue and is coi
Irsdicted by the official recurdi of the
Slosrd oft Health.
It is as clear and as pat ent as the
nose on a man's faIce, that the t'edleril
statistican is of hib base. iie aggre
gates in one grand total all the deathiR,
including whites anid necroes, res.
doets of the city; all deaths which
brve occurred in the hospitals, not
residents, all transients and strangers
who have died in the corporate limiis
and his estimate is on a population
of 16,003, when it is a lact that
bbreveport has fully, if not over, a
po ulatlion of 26,000 in its corporate
limits.
ThIbese lonccmpleteness and inaccura
ciee do not affect the mortality statis
tites, but of the population as well.
It is true the nlucorrectness of these
reports have been directed to the a
e utlon of Mr Mierream, the censu,
director, out that gentleman has bee
too busy, doubtless, investigating
errors and Inconsistencies as gross as I
dhreveport, to give his ears to the
I leadings of justice, hone a y and fair
ness from this city.
It Is friqoently asserted that figures
do not lie-which bhave reference, of
course, to figures and tabulations
vhbih are true and c~rrect, but to
this instance the mortality statistic
of Shreveport is as incorrect, as nun
true as it is rank in its compilation.
The only wonder is that thbe whole
mortality of Caddo parishb was not
included in the summary and credited
to Shreveport.
:As a matter of fset, that Is, wbhn
people seeking reliable Information
shall desire to ascertain the mortalit)
rate inl Shreveport, they will be gov
erned by the reports of the Board o
Health in which are stated correcti
the deaths, white and colored, in thl
city; at the hospitals, residents as wel
as transienlts and strangers, and few
Indeed, if any, will aoept the reports,
official so-called, which are incorrect,
unreliable, aed therefore must be
discredltea and reJ cted as authority.
Southern Development.
"The South Is the Uuion to stay,"
say7 the New Orleans Picayune ofl
recent date, "and an era of toutheru
development bae commenced, et.
Of cooree the South is in the
Union to stay and is thriving on
practsical experience. The New Eng
land States, the East and the 7 to,
have aw into competition a power
muooh greater and far more reaching
than the hosts of brave mea who
struggled four years to maintalin
principle. The South is growing as
a factor in divereifed industries,
the products of which were obtained
from the North and contributed to
the eresation of the wealth of these
States, while for years the 8tates of
the botuih were impoverished. Th*+
5outb Ie daieg well and id not worry
lg over the Unioa, the Republican
party, McKinley or Hanna.
YesI The Sooth Is In the Usiol
to stay.
The Denison, Texas, Htrald is ad
vising the farmers of Nortt Tesas to
plant potatoes awl oats, "that ih the
!way to mike money this fall." And
others are urglagthe farweri to sow
turnips and gardeon sass, and so forth
It Is Plnished.
The:rFat Clonderoftt Lodge has been
completed, formally opened and is now; in
full sway. it lIs a splendid hostelry,
splendidly tarnlahed and eteriner lancom
rarable oualne, ander the management of
Mr J W Fisher. prouriator et the famous
Hotel Sheldoe, ot 9l Paso, Tax.
You wast an enjoyable summer? You
want to get away from the oppressiveneas
it the sty and the low altitudes? togo to
Clanderoft B.M. 9000 tat elevation On
the summit of the loftilet peak of the Sac
remento monstals 11i0 mille northeast to
El Pase, Wonderful seenery, tennil oourt
and gait lake and anoing pavilion. nla
fhaL everythin desired or expected In an
np to date, healthful summer resortJ
(Ckudaerot tis known s the "breathing
spot of the bouthwet."
There Is but one way to go comfortable
and uokally. But one way to avold more
than oes ahags ol oars; but one way to
enjoy rellistnagehalr cars, seats tree, and
slepig eas all the way threugh daily to
I Paes. That way Is Via the Tezash
Paecilte railway.
More laerasMoan by letter, or doerip
the literature may be had 1of any otot
ageater Z P. TURNEL
Behtr tor sb. Blood Than Beara
-ar."
"'er thnes living In the Islami distria
*rewtsTstleees Chill Teuas.
[iýýºýS i1I'1"1-l1ý[IýýýS
Cutites hut the i I'l :Climi U t Pro
INCIDENT IS CLOSED.
The Hawkins Suhntitute Was Adopted
and Thi n the House Refused
to Take Any Further Ac.
tion in the Affair.
Austin, Ang. 24.-The inmyeachment
resolution is buried beyond roeirretion
and State Treasurer Robbins comes out
without a blemish. The prwoudings
came to an end rather suddenly when I
the house refused to take any action
.whatever. The majority of the house
. oted to substituten the Hawkins resolu.
tion for the original. The said majority
turned around and voted down the reso
Intion as substituted. The Hawkins subl
stitute deprecated and condemned the
alleged violation of law, but expressed
confidenne in Mr. Robbins and declared
She should not be impeached. That sub
Si stitute was debated all day Thursday.
Friday Mr. Seabury announced during
the course of his remarks that the
Hawkins substitute would be withdrawn
and in lieu of it another substitute
would be offered, the effect of which was
to condemn the practice which had been
observed by the treasurer as unsafe by
I declaring It illegal.
Mr. Henderson of lamar objected to
this substitution, whereupon Mr. Sea
bury had the new substitute read as
part of his remarks The inferenoe was
that an attempt would be made to get
it in as the substitute later, but no snob
I attempt was made.
In the afternoon came the governor's
message, showing that there were plans
on foot to reorganize the suspended
batik. Finally, late in the evening, the
oratory was checked and the voting
commenced. The Hawkins substitute
was put up. It was substituted for the
original resolution by a vote of 58 to 41
The following is the text of the reso
lution introduced by Representatives
Aldrich and MoMeans:
"Whereas, recent events have made
r it manifest that the bond required un
Sder existing statutes of the state treas
urer is grossly inadequate to proteot
the funds of the state. Therefore, be it
"Resolved, That it is the sense of the
house of representatives that the law
should be so amended as to require the
Sstate treasurer to enter into bond for a
larger amunt than that authorized by
existing law and that the governor be
and he is hereby requested to present
this matter to the legislature for action
at this session."
The session of the senate was short
and witltut interest.
Senator Staples Introduced a bill in
the senate providing a tax of 2 per cent
on the onurout of oil wells.
The governor sent a message to the
I senate asking confirmation of the list of
Scommissioners appointed to select a site
for the Giris' Indusntrial school. There
Is one commiissioner from each congres
i gional district.
N."gro,·r Clrll: , .1g.:lns t T.T '.
Austin, Ang. 21.-Elmrnond Williams
a n gro living near Hanllettsville, hli,
emnl eyod lawyers to ur.c - uli;m in hi
!avor agaius the srae, tho cliifl to 1i
pre4sented to the Ie:islature. Wlliant
vas convicted of the Inurler of a l;
w:uian fairmer and heat-in'All to tv
.ar4 in th.+ rilonitnth:irr, 1:3 'f wh,
W sý.rvia, 1b en; p.ir 1.: byh to'e ,
ruor b wcnusn- of ::hed I: h 1 nfI 'o+i
, t anotllhir nog.) 'h Ite m:ai:rttd
.iirulor for which "iP : ,;s+ th
':ciiiliii in thi pr nitnthir r:.
I ynch l.s I.. ti.C.e.
DrfOng.12*rv:r. :v,., An:. 21
has -ron roived Iltr" ti::t h i graCr
jury at a special turi of thle Cr"I,
court of Elinor' ch1ic Y, c onvenlld I
Judge Do.nisn to iovus:i::a'e therecol
lynching of a noero in tii t c nlty wit.
was charged with asaklt to in arder, hit
found indictment-,ti ai;gait iI of :30 per
sons constituting, thi mi! aniin is stii
investigating the ca-e. Srveral wit
nesses who refusel to testify when
called were placed in j ul for conternup
of court. These are the first indictment,
against lynchers in this state in many
years.
FIsgler to Re-Harry
Palm Beach, Fla., Aug. 24.-Henry
M. Flagler, lately divorced from his in.
sane wife in Florida, left on a special
train for Wilmington, N. 0., where, it
is stated, he will marry Miss Keenuan of
that city. Miss Kecuan and her mother
have been guests of Mr. Flagler on
many occasions the past two years and
gossip has time and again announced
their engagement.
Dead Ina a Bath Tub.
New York, Aug. 14.-James W. Ly
all, 63 years old, a rich manafaoturer
of cotton goods, was found dead in a
bath tub of his home in this oity with
the gas tarned on. The theory of the
faiudg as that Mr. Lyall had beensa over
aed o turning on
the gas.
WANT NEGROES OUSTED.
Americans Protest Agalnet Their Admit.
tance to Englich II,,I01l.
New York., Av. 24.-All the Lbirlon
pa pers publish articl's on t hei l jectionis
of tihe Ami rioan patrorn of the St. Er
flins hotel to Ineroesn and the subject is
much riis(usst d in the hotels, says The
Journal. Englinsh in thlieoretically side
with the negroes, while the Americans
as a rule are outspoken the other way.
Bishop (O1ines of Atlanta, Ga., one of
the negro delegates to thie cnumenical
conference, and who cnuseI the protest,
is stll at the hotel. Hie nal in an in
terview:
"I have been staying at this hotel off
and Ion since the beginning of .July and
was never better treated anywhere. I
regret exceedingly to hear that trouble
as caused by 'he arrival of Hishops Ar
zitc, Tanner and others. I was in PawI
when the orotest Was mo le.
'I have met Azmericanl, even from
Texas, all over the continent and ro.
ceived welcome greetings from them.
I During my trip through Hollanl, Bel
gium, Germany, Switzerland, Italy and
France I had not an insult from an
American or any one else.
"I sailed from New York on the St.
Louis and was treated like any other
cabin passenger, I preached on Sunday
at the request of Senator Mitchell of
Oregon and General Grosnvener. Amer
ica would be the best country in the
world if it oonld get rid of its race pre
judices. Laboring white men in En
rope are oppressed as badly as the negro
in America except when it is a question
of liberty, then the laborer has the same
jnstice as his richer brother, especially
in Great Britain. I hope to see the day
when it will be the same in America."
W. Winfleld, manager of the Angle
American bank of New York. one of
the protesting patrons of the St. Ermine
said:
"I do not object personally to Bishop
Gaines or his daughter, who are fine
people. They crossed on the same steam
er with me and were liked by every one
on board. He is a highly intellect man.
But with regard to negroes generally, I
object strongly to their presence in frst
class hotels frequented by white peoplae.
and protest against the privileges a@
corded to them in Europe generally.
"It gives me a shook when I sa a
white girl walking at the side of a no
gro. As of the attitude of Hotel MIa
ager Richardson, I excuse him because
he is an Englishman; if he was an
American nothing on earth would make
me do so. When Europeans get to know
the negro as we know him, they will
curtail his privileges."
Manager Richardson said he had re
oeived many written and verbal mee
a gee of congratulation and endorse
ment of the position he had taken.
BOER LEADERS.
IOnly a Few of Those First Mterliag hIe
War in the ield.
London, Aug. 24.-A Pretoria dispatch
gives some intere'ting statistics of the
Boer leaders. Of the members of the
old government executive council only
Bohalkburger and Reits are In the feld.
General Jonbert is dead, General Cronje
is a prisoner and General Koch was
killed. Out of 27 members of the first
volkerand, 1:1 are accomnted for. Barn.
ard Launschage and Malan have been
killed. Tosen is dead. Wolmarens is a
prisoner. Eight members of the first
volksraad have surrendered.
About half of the members of the
second volknread are accounted for.
All the holds of the state departments
are accounted for except Smits. Three
of them are in Europe, two are prison
ers and 14 have surrendered.
The judges are all accounted for.
Seventy-five per cent of the sub-heads
of departments are accounted for.
TROLLEY CARS COLLIDE.
One Man Killed, Seventeen Injured, Sev
eral Beleog Seriously Hurt.
Atlanta, Aug. 4.- In a head-end col
lision on the river line of the Rapid
Transit railway near here Harry Wil.
liams was killed and 17 persons injured,
three of them seriously.
The collision occurred on a sharp
curve near Simsville, live miles out.
The river line in one of the most popu
lar suburban rides and the cars were
crowdled. Both cars were running at
full speed and they came together so
suddenly on rounding the curve that
there was no chance to dheck the mo
mentum or for the passengers to jump.
Coademned Meo Collmpsed.
Seattle, Wash., Aug. 24.-Charles W.
Nordstrom was hanged here Friday for
the-murder of William Mason. When
Nordstrom was brought into the exeou
tion room it required the assistance of
four mon to keep ham on his feet.When
he was taken into the presence of the
scaffold he broke down completely cry
ing and praying that his life be spared.
He collapsed entirely and fell to the
floor. Efforts to keep him on his feet
were fruitless alnd at last Sheriffd Cudi
bee ordered that a board be brought. To
this Nordstrom was tied. Six men with
a great effert succeeded in getting him
on to the trap' Then he was stood up
ight, four men standing on the four
sides of the trap and holding him until
the trap was sprang.
dainty
Summer
Gowns
eyVVVVVVVVVVYvYvVVVVYVY
O)rgu tilit" !- till onne of tho' favortitv,; t
for ail o I ..itnI whiih I n:ikoie a thin
dlrt.sc ýouit tilt", :Intl cu we t. ntw tlt
Higns t'ninh to the fruot ''very iliy. I
lifhis nrn iinre irly t purfhII:Iw'4 to wear g
at f:uhiunabll' r4'ortts. S:ýrt a I.:ids C
iI the nuumbei1r of thli dllapihinoiiy sttuffM p
ntrd .\41sry Park eoline, next. 'TIh <lif- n
fIor4II4'' 19 a wihle one, btut for n11tn}'
An il 44riuIis rrnvioMn thlos'e two wIil cpe
6r'unt nenrEr ttceither than aniiy othitr'. 1I
A ftwv veu ars ago j eOIpl' 411 InoIt riEs IS
to Baiy extcntat Ashtury Park, but
R A II
I'll
\~ c
. I 4 t t , ; ,
ý ~r ' I 1
OICPKN OWiANI~TL
they do now, and that more in the
way of light and pretty summer attire
than heavy and costly mnterials. There
are so many difTerent ways of dress
ing well that it would regutllre a whole
book to explnin them all. But the
whole gist of it is to dress according
to the dlemands of the surroundings.
So. as Ashury is warm and is socialble
and there are so many delightful shady
planes to sit in and have the ever
beautiful trees and shrubbery as a
bnackground,. and as the board walk
and hotel pinzzas afford so excellent n
chance to show one's prettiest things,
It Is no wonder that many new gowns
of special beauty find their oppor
tunity there.
I have in my mind's eye a lovely
organdle in the softnst of t1-ada green,
with darker shadings of the same
color as design. The whole is so cool
end pleasing to the eye that one could
believe that In far off France the de
salgner had by somn occult vision seen
the bright sand and glaring heach and
thought out this lldress to repose the
eyes from too much sun. It Is as cool
as the waves that one sees curling up
forever ready to tall in snowy foam.
Well, poetry aside, tis gown is cool
to tile sight as well as to the sense, and
being so it is a thing of beauty and
will be a joy until it gets some of that
sanme salt water on it.
4o tils dress is of organdle, and we
know the color..The form now ntirer
ests us. The skirt hIl4 two flounces,
the lower one deeper than thle othler,
and each to taoked at the top, the fine
tucks running out about three inches
from the top. At the bottom is a full
ruffle made of inch wide black chan
tilly, and at the top is a waved chan
tilly insertion. Down the center of the
front is a line of narrow insertion, also
black. Thle waist Is tucked in the
same general way and has the lace
galloon set around It, as cnn be seen
by the illustration. It is open In front
to show a chcnisette of white chiffon.,
and there are somiiie black velvet bows
and a wide velvet belt. The sleeves
are flowing withl white chiffon undler
sleeves, andl thliese have velvet anitds.
The hat to match is of smnoked straw
with black velvet ribbon and a black
pliume. The lat has a double brinm, andi
between the two is a twist of resada
tulle.
There are few white gowns at As
bury. Whether Mr. Bradley has barred
them or not I do not know, bult there
are plenty long, shapeless blue bathing
suits, and of all the ugly things on
earth or in the sea these are the most
horrible. But as an offset there are lots
of blue and red duck suits for walkiing,
and they are really smart and add
much to the landscape. Anyhow As
bury is a good iplace to be In, and if
there are few magnificent brocades alnd
point lace trimmings and rivieres of
diamonds there are plenty pretty cos
tumes and girls to wear theii. Indeeld.
I think that of all the sunuier resorts
Asbury can show the greatest number
of beauties-bables anld wonin. And
they all look as if life had been found
worth the living.
Among sonic of the gowns seen at
the evening promenade there was one
worth meltiton as exceedlingly tastfuli
anrd elegant. It was of a delti'lt.c
shrimp pink veilina, aind thenre were
three ripple fliounces, each six Inches
deep. Each had a row of lwhite trou
trou insertion, and through this was
run black velvet ribbon. It was not
half anii ncli wide and dependled more
o n the fineness than the color for ef
feet. Thor unds(.rdresc wnas bright bi
anl sPi 'n din : t tironir h the i ii lin
pitiijrI ''l a "linitlt 111 1 l u. The wii v
was 'v 'ih: ll 1l in the 1 o (k, and
fron t i: hrl. _ iitii t I th i Ift 511
A *ru r fi n Ti lt of ii's's n n t
ofi'uiii'iitit sif~ isv hsp ii isn gg
1ril 111iii 11t I t iltis h.11 ,i Ii i If Q i tr
to:si1 Iii hi hI-k. iit I.1 i1: i t liii lsfi*
es f Ii '' r 1, 11 1 L'. itl 'ii . fulM
rIlii's13' .:l hz 5111iiIii 1:li~ s. '.I1it -sIs·\ sle,.
'slssisi5. f t' :1rili' ih ii s 11' I:1 I' iii white
Is 'r iiils1 1 t. : 1ii :'n'h t l IIii' "iii, ji of
Ihis :I rn ý ..f 11:'1 a w v ntal I.I I" The
dicvsI v ltrt h'on to i I;i hiii nil :t tnd
drtst, IIoiit a ru ih iii fi e is .1 'l It Ihunch
otrf stiIv oi ,r lIssls' ii : it t jii haltk
nth 't ttis'sie lii'tis f ist.u .1 a1111 inuiller t
on1 s i. t fli I t rilg iiti l rs of the Ivls ofU
1111 s l"'I" 1'
lA sio finey S thatr of riir infi a sort
of PIr'w let Iof l,".It} lI,1 "'' rm y In1
airouInd1 thI bl1S. it 1,,,111.".1 it fro
and in ihP ha, k, :IIIl 11. the nlipiP
nrns rit tuirn: is i.I'ro `iiin of thsde ncowIl
Pst ut ih no4 Ire si'' IIi that on coulI t
nilnlo't (-:1!1111h "1m tt:hli, i'` Thi v 'tre e
ritinig sl , is b I" in' 1 r1 st ut 1 whit nder
wlomeln. (Ma I toe tw:i vii'-t 4i11ilities Or
la141 1114 uisedl for thi'HP. mal' Ith 'hapa
is w'rouuht speiP'ally. TIhe he in'" I r.
ior o a ctly on the tral f the
~~~Idress, ti'oughl i If SaS f it ta
ilinw1:ith smoob 1<;u" of silk In
ItruStin; color be'for1- hebing Iut on the
skihrt. (h1-s4 healurlyt5 :1v ; rurn~^d for
thil. state1 of trimming ar1" to III use$1
on woo,1lenl skirts as 111 II Its cilk4 and.
thin1 Cotton giods .1 l.ta of Iace fit
his p1,rpsr air. offe'r1d Itfnd therr asti
amongi thorn a huiiro ari tol 414,d collt
fSom~e orf theln have .IIIhe r 1 r1 otifs (ag
putting un 114 lowe~r Irrt of the
or on a coat or canyi.
IiF IIOvi ITT ItoCss d.
HOW TO SERVE ICES, .q
some Slmple and Some Ornamea18
WaRm.
At this time of tlihe year when lue g
form the most popular dciserts it slag
good thing to know how to serve thes
attractively. partlcnlarly when there 4
is coimpany at dinner and the hostagIt
wishes a ratther fancy effect at a slli m i
eost. One of the simplest ways is b*
put tie Ice creamn in champagne glasuuý
anl to suoroount it with a couple .
spoonfuls of whipped cream sprlnkLh
with grated almonds. Iaspherry sha -
bet is particularly good when seryh#
this way. A noitliher idea is to hollowte
the Individual cones of ice cranm ag$
fill themo with crushed fruit of a col!i
to correspond. For instance. a pink
cremat will contalin crshedtl raspberd
a vanilla ice creae slicedl pIineappl
and so forth. IIThe effect Is very prett
when the ice served to e:acl person r
of a differont color.
wIhen iitnethini. monre etlaborate IB
desired. serving the ices in slowetr cupl
will he fouanV
Sa good way.,
.,zaln the colge
of thle lee@
should mate
the flower. A
a rose lunchusg
recently the L
were held
rose cups of d
ferent shades.'
Theise roses were
made of crap
paper, and thej
were fastenedIS
real rose item
with the natala
T A aRosa cUP. foliage. Tbhe
also rested on a little bed of rose leavSt4
so that the effect was quite natural.
These rose cups can easily he made 6a
home by any woman who is clevY
with her fingers.
In the first place make the shell at
heavy writing paper, cutting it out r
a circle and shaping It by pressing 3"
down over the bottom of an invertUd
tumbler. Next turn the shell upwal @.
and glue around the edges a row at
small rose leaves. Make two rows at
these, the lower habnving larger keavsli
than the uipper. Place a third row e
large inter petals on the lower edge ao
the shell. whLen the petals Ihtave driul'
asuflficlently.curl them by r ndning thtIB
between a knife ablade and your thaut
Next fasten a long, handsome rose stet
with the foliage and thorns to one side
of the rose and your cup is filashed
with the exception of tihe inner shell at
olled paper which holds thecreatm.
The Ices servedl in these roses should
be molded quliite hard into pyramld
by metlc4a of the little coues which cau
he procureal at any cinfectioner's. This
scheme of decoration can be carried
out with almost any flowers and it is
also very dainty when the cups are
concealed in ihuinchelis of artificial vio
lets vwhich are ie rftrtl id w-ith ItassianL
violet extr:ct. J. M. U.
Iowe Populists.
Des 1Moines, In., Aug. 2t.-About U
mniddle-of-the-road Populistn assembled
in state conventioni here Friday, nomi*
nated a state ticket headed by . H.
Weller fo- governor. The resolutionsLI
adopted indorned :he Omaha na I
platform. Jo A. Parker, chairmatlpns
tiontal commlittee addressed the cnea*o
tion prodlcting success in 19')3.
Jacob Rogers .Estate.
New York, Aug. 24.-Tax colletors
for the city and the state of New Jer
sey are closnely watching the work o
valuing the estate of the late .JaCob S.
Roger., who left the quarter part of hi
estate to the Metropolitan Museum oef
Arts. It in estimnated that the tax on
the estate will Iamount to $1,000,000.
King Edward In Prussia.
Wilhelmsho he, Prunnia, Ang. 2
King Edward arrived here at lunch
and was root at the railroad station
Emperor William. After cordial
ings the novereigns went to the castle
where they had luncoheon.
Deny Goulds Secured Control
Philadelphia, Anu. 24.-A high oS*
oial of the Pennsylvania railroad, states
emphatically that there is abaolutely n*
foundation for the rerrrt that the Goold
interests have necured control of th
Norfolk and Western rwcad.