THE CAUCASIAN.
Official Journal of the
City of Shreveport.
SUNDAY, JANUARY 11, 1903.
THE .\ARNE'G(;IE LIIBRARY.
'The ('aunco,. n \\ill admnt that it is,
at time'. unetitimti ntal, cohl blooded
perhapll . inll ils etW of g a1ut.lti;ns and
miraure" iwhicin alTlect th- pttlic, and
being free and 1ntra1tncled. gives ex
pression to its ric s in its OWn peculiar
style'. Yet at tilllmes, its symnpathy may
lie a's teler and as gentle as that of a
woiman. Since the defeat of the proposi
tion to vote a special tax in aid of the
Carnegie library "rich men" and "cap
italists" have been criticised in indefin
ite terms because they contributed to
the defeat of the tax. The critics have
not viewed the question practically, and
it may be said that the tax would not
have been defeated if the Caucasian's
editor had not pointed out to several of
his friends the objections against the
Carnegie proposition. As sensible, prac
ticable to'n the objections were consid
ered in a conservatnve spirit and the
result is historical Instead of being
criticised, the gentlemen wholt contri
buted to the defeat of the Carnegie
proposition should be commended.
On this score we reproduce fromn The
lHarlequin. pIhlished in New Orleans.
the fllowing:
"St'LENDItttiLY I NSANg.
"You splendid in-ane. ycjept "l'he
Central Socialist Club of Louisiana.'
"Throw away the quarter-million dol
lar gift of Carnegie!
"'Mark you, in this vast den of thieves
wherein the honest shiver in cold cor
ntis: on" this brave earth from which
departing n6ne returns to tell us there
is aught besides; here, on this solid
sphere where abide forever hunger and
want, cold and heat, sickness and death,
side by side with all the rosy hand
maidens of joy, here who shall say 'nay'
to expediency and be adjudged' entirely
sane?
S"You splendid lunatics! Harbingers,
advance couriers, heralds of a turmoil
and a hell which are yet to make this
blessed country excebeing hot, mad re
memitanicers of even-handed justice.
don't you know, sirs, that when man
has reduced man to the penury of beg
ging, it is 'ill-manners in th? beggar to
spurn, and 'despik. the apms.
"'Wat though the libraries which dot
the :iw ry Here,.where proclaiming
the benewoleme. and perpttaitia-g the
St sL irt e ihreafty the ttIt
11 .cuai.' e sweat of d spoiled Labor
glistening under the fair sun--it is
.:some return to some body! The libraries
themselves, God be praisd,. are wholly
good ahd true: sanctuaries of the intel
;lect; and it boots little who paid for it.
Some day these same libraries will con
tain -an- account. of the Homestead
strikes--som day some splendid Amer
eian Car~ale, grand in the august glory
o':f ftrth. shall- recount the American
-- e 1fos- ithe unseating of, special
" privileges and of t}e kings and nobility
who sat upon these special privileges
and this grand man, handing down to
the ages a true account of this little are
in the cycle, will mention one of the
rst symptoms. one of the advance har
.biegers of the revolution, the Home
stead riots Did you ever note the mal
eVotent irony of nomenclature? ',.ow
siead'-whiit a splendid key-note for
the masic of history that is making and
yet to be written!i
"You splendid madmen Mad as the
noblemen of the ax. the field and the
forest, who stood around : gigantic
Washington. Ye know not what ye do.
'Remembering the Homestead riots, the
arnor -plate scmadals and other acts of
Mr. Cearnie and hils partners we hold
that it would be hta infamy to perpetuate
the nat of Mr. Carnegie in'our midst,
iad that it is impossible for the city of
New Orleans to accept the gift without
diuhonoring its manhood and without
leading its aid to the army of the
"You gentle Romans! Know you how
wronr you are! You -know not what
"Listen and be forever silent ?
"The lPicayane in its issue of Janu
ary , 1trst page, fourth column, says
that Carnegie is the 'world's. greatt
pl*e benefactor.' That from our grnat,
tra, " ital macra of morals, piety
' etmwarte tity should seal the mat
That is T - Ikiarlequin's view and
here is the Cikuesian's: One gret ob
'tion * prophsed Carnegie library
wa that it h `ad a sqtae .ttac hmet i
f' t. ?seveval nt It tn * sodia) t s
_andi nhtaoint it shod nota have
en considered iavortsyt
Js thia sudi e in, or most tpm ere
bs - abg of tth he principle and,
th ass t wt
f Mr. C iis not ,intern on -
alailinua g an<Friape- estea
\While we woulld not contrast Carnegie
auld P'eal.dyl., we may say G(eorge Pea
Ibad. a .\Andrew Carnegie, was a poor
bo,h. \whI struggled tlhrough all the
vici.inlde, of life during hi- early
dayn nuld young manhood. I howcvcr.
the two men were moved by a different
principle: George Peabody'- gifts were
not stringotined: lie gave for the sake
of humanity. Think of nine million of
tmoney being given away Ito por andl
needy! Such is the record to the credit
of (;orge Peabody. Consider Pea
h dy's gifts of millions to help the poor
(,f Loundon! Think of Geoerge Peabody
eing tendered the freedom (iof the city
of London in a godl box : of (;eorge
Pelabodly, born in 'Danvers, Mass.. on
February iX. 1793, of poor but respect
able parents. an American, receiving
special recognition from Queen Vic
toria. and a miniature portrait of her
iself. in a massive gold frame. in appre
ciatimo of his munificence: of Geoerge
Pcalody's statue in bronze standing
near the Royal Exchange, London; of
George Peabody being welcomed by
children strewing his way with flowers.
Yet George Peabody was an American.
Think of his gifts of millions to the
South for purposes of education. Think
of Peabody as a man who gave to iml
proae the condition of the pc or and un
fortunate,. to alleviate humanity. When
Peabody died in London, lihe received
the highest honors, and Queen Victoria
had his remtains convcyed to this coutn
try in her nobllest man-of- ar MI.on
arch." Bit it is needles,, to( continule
this subject since a lp.rtal of Mr. Pea
toy'lvs liography may he ohbtained and
rc;ti with interest. \Ve uist adllt it, in
all candor. that whihle the Carnegie li
bIrary. in a tmngni icenlt edifice, would be
an ornament and sonlme attraction, still
the conditioms and the cost of miaiitcn
once would not justify the tax for such
a lunxuary. In no personal seunse, we
cite. however, the example of George
Peabodly. which Mr. Carnegie could
follow in the distribution of his mil
lions. We could never fancy any dona
tion with a string-tied annex or condi
tions. and therefore could not regard
the library proposition with favor.
From this view of the question we con
sider. all adverse criticism of the defeat
of the tax unjust.
LINCOLN'S PICTURE.
Some of the ex-Confederate camps of
Mississippi are protesting against the
placin of the painting of Lincoln in
the hall of fame of the new capitol
building and censuring Dunbar Row
land, the State historian, for asking the
Lincoln family for it. Mr. Rowland's
mistake.-was not unnatural. During the
campaign for president, through which
'the coptnr y last passed. the Democratic
1candidat.at, t 4i: ad 'of the ticket went
up .aid-dbwn the land preachiig Lin
coln. quoting Lincoln and making him
the patron saint of Democracy.-Com
mercial Appeal.,
Lincoln's picture in its place is not
objectionable, but when singled out in
opposition to the Southern mans ideal.
I then it should be set aside. There is
little in Mt. Lincoln's political life
'which can appeal to a Southern boy; a
boy whose grandfather or father was a
follower of Lee, or Jackson. or John
stoni. por should Lincoln's picture be
singled out of all the president's of the
United States for an adornment in any
schools of the South. There is too much
of the spirit of "the toady" and of
"flunkeyis'm" connected with some
schools in which the children of South
tin men aad wornlen are taught. l.f pic
tures of illustrious men are desired as
ornaments why not select Washington
and Lincoln and Jefferson Davis and
General R. E. Lee for practical illus
trations of teaching in noble manhood
and patriotism. Why single out Lincoln
and not Washington? Why Lincoln
alone in any school of the South?
Judge Alton B. Parker of New York
is coming more and more into promi
nence as a presidential candidate. He is
popular in New York and there is no
stain on his record. Neither Hill nor
Gorman can unite the party, and Parker
seems to be the coming man.--Guardian
Journal.
Of 75.000.000 of people the Demo
eratic party will no doubt settle on a
leader who will secure victory over the
Republicans, but we do not think Judge
Parker is the man. Hill is politically
as dead as Gorman and your Uncle
Grover.
The Chicago News wants to know
whether Castro will write x book or lee
ture. Neither. He will continue to aci
Sas hoodoo to Germany and Great Brit
The liars don in Venezuela should get
together. Castro may be a fool, but he
can hardly be seventeen different kinds
of a darn fool.-Commercial Appeal
And shoa generally follows one
"darn fool." Think of seventeen I
W - paid $ a made by -J.
Plerpo Mgn twa a? The answer
S- ý Appeal.
,V "
THE LETTER LIST.
'fhlc f llowing is a lit of letters re
,aitning ntc:llecd fr in the Shreveport
po.t, ti<cce fir the \yvelk ending Satturd
day. Janu:y it . ItO o3I . ,\ charge of
one cent w-ill Ice made on each piece of
mail lve rti'.eis l. \\hen calling for thcsc
lettert s plec may "av;t(lvcrtied, giving
date If tadv'rtc.l g. Free d, livtery of mail
may be .ecurecd by having your mail ad
idrw.cd Ito strcct am&? number. Advise
youlr corr.;sponII(lIents of your correct
street addrit.. and have the ma(ddrss
y(.)r .ettt'rZ accordingly.
I.EL)N M.1. (CARTER. i. M.
l.A D I-S' I.!S.
te awhian. t ir. Zic lL izeman, li .,s
lar-.
Chlc. Miss Maggie: foleman. Mrs.
F. (C.: ox, Mrs. S. E.
I)awtlins. Mrs. Mary: )avis. lrs.
iertha: Dlias. l.: Dickson, Miss A..
Frazier, Miss Lillie.
;omes. Mrs. J.
Ilearn, Miss elia" ?lerrin, ..liss i.;
Himmoner. Miss I).
Jones. Miss Berthai *lohnson, Mrs.
X1. T,.: Jesserns, Miss A.
King. Miss T.
.,Lott. Mrs. Virginia.
Morse. Mrs. I. I,.: Mason. Miss F.:
May. Miss L.illie: Martin. Mrs. R. L..
Neal.. Mrs. Janie I;.; Murdock, Mrs.
Janie B.- Norris. Mrs. Hlettie.
Price. Mrs. Emnima Price. Mrs. MY.
F. : Painter. Mrs. Lila.
Roberson. Miss :\.: Reeves. Miss K.
Stuard. Mrs. L.illie: Sears, Mrs. S.
L,.: Sturges. Miss Georgia.
T'homas., Mis Carrie: Taylor. NMrs.
Lizie : Taylor. Nl,'.s (isIt erude : Tu rner.
1iss .\ngeline.
\'insion. Niis the.
\Valker. lMis MN.: \Valkcr. Nlis- J.:
W\estern, Miss Ida: \Vhitc. Miss \ illic:
\Ve.ttichl. NMi-.. ILv1e N1.
'.rk.s. NHiss .\da.
(GENTIllM AN' S LIST.
nde:s on. A. I. .llen. Rev. \Win.
B.; Allen. M. W.- All.n, J. A.: A\ler
son. Gecorge \V.: Alexander. R. J. T.
Lofar. Agent.
Aycock. J. \\.: Arnold. Louis E.:
Aub, Edwin.
Beartick. A. G.: Bain, W. L.: Bass.
Kid: Bell, W. B.: Beyer. S.: Brewer.
J. H.; Blower. J. M.: Brookin. Bob:
Boyle. . J.; Buckinghaman. J. T.:
Buck. Edgar: Bugg. W. H.
Carroll. J. T.: Castello, J. H.: Carr,
Frank I.: Craddock. I. F.: Castello.
Win.; Chrisman, Robert; Chiam, G.;
Crickton. Thomas: Christian. B. B.
Cheshire. J. L.: Cooder, J. B. H.: Cor
hit, Henry; Cockinaze. Chas.: Clock,
J.; Colly. Michael; Crouch. G. W.;
Curry. G.: Cunningham, J. M.; Curie.
Harry.
Davis. H. 1T.: Daniel. G.: Disseaner.
T - Dickinson. J. J." Douthat. S. E.
'Eason, A. W.: Eadwards. S. A.: En
person. C. W: Ewing. P. B.
Framble. Ernest 2; Fletcher. Chas.:
Fleming. M. T.: Ferguson. R. A.;
Foltz. W. M.
Gray. Charlie: Grahami, & Herold;
G a, J. S.: Gains, R. P.:; .Glasscock.
Aled: Garret, Vail: Gains 'Willie; Gre
lier, Eugene: Griffin. Lei: Goss. Dick:
Gaugardo. Nicholas Solis: Gurick. Al,
len.
Hamil' an. Geor'e T '., Hamilton.
Allie: Hadden. W. A.: ýall, A. G.:
Hassi.. Ab)ass Haggar. Win.; Hau
kins. Geeorge 0.: Hanson. F. T.; Ho
mas. Abe : Hag t. a Son : Henson.
Jimmie: Hains. Martin ; Hicks & Moore
Hobson, J. W.: Holzner. A. : Hutchin
son. H. A. Howar I Fred M.: Hr
ris. Alex.; Harris. Soloman : Hudson,
E. V.- Hunter. H. H.
Johnson. N. J." Jackson West: Jes
ter. 1)D. M.; Jeff. Sulivan.
Karns. J. H.
Lewis. F. L.; Lakes. Charley: Lov
ingen: Latham. G, W.; L'wis, Andrew;
Lenwell. 0. S. S. Leaves, Charley: Liht
ner, C. F. 2: Liverpool, Lee: Long. G.:
Lucar. W. H. 2 Lucas Tohn.
Manning. H. C.: Mathis. Daniel"
Mayers. W. P.n Mathews. Al: Metiifee
Draught Co.: Metcalf. Ernest: McLean
W. R.: McKeizh. J. G.: McClanens.
R. C.: McGibbany. Geoe. D.: McCor
mell, Geo. M." McMichael. Jesse: Mc
Coy, Tell: McCutcheon. J. B.: McCune
Andy: McHarland. James F.: McHar
landJ.J. A. McClellan . G. A.:; Melton.
W. T.: Mendosa. Don Antonio: Miller.
S.5S.: Miller. Will: Mischendorf, Wim.:
Moore. E. L.: Moore. Jack: Moore. C.
C.: Murnhy. L. L" Murrh,. S. J.: Mul
len. J. H.: Murrah. I. R1
Naba. Manuel: Nelson1 W. E.; Neal.
Fred.
Orane. Iser: Ortz. C, M.: Ostom, R.
Partelow. John 2: Pprtela, Juan z:
Parnell, Geo.: Pevetson. C. H.:
Peuze, A. C.: Peralto. Chris: Perters.
R. J Philps. Sid: Pope. Charlie R.
Rawlins. J. H.: Reed, Claud; Rich
mond. T. W.: Richards, W. A.: Rose.
Zillie: Robertson, J. T.3 Rose. F. C.:
Ross. T. L.
Saw,"er. J. L.: Salsurv. W. A.:
Stephenson, John T. Shedwartz, John!
Slevens. W. W.: Smith. John; Stone,
Charles; Solomon. Mose: Schultz. C.;
Taylor. Bell: Tarkington. G.: Tarley,
J. W.; Tigh. Capt.: Turner. Tom;
Thomas. Ike.
Turren. Gus: Turner,' W. E.
Uhlander. Miss M. C,
Vaughon, Moscoe.
Willis. J. R.: Whitaker, Dave- Wig
gins. Charley: Wilkins, J. F. 2: Wilder
A. E.: Williams. T. J." Wawcline. C.:
Wilkins. J. C.: Williamson. W. B.;
Williams. T. . : Williams. Fred; Wil
son. R. J.; Worlingt';i. E. J.
Yeiser. J. B.
RED LIGHT DITSRICT.
A meeting of the city councit will be
held Monday afternoon, January 12, be
ginninig at 6 o'clock. At thi meeting will
be heard the obsjections of citizens to
'he ordinance which is to govern in
the Red Light Ditrict. Citizens having
objections or desiring to offer sugges
tions are invited to attend.
FOR WEST SHREVEPORT.
It is very probable that at the next
session of the, city council a franchise
will be asked for an electric railway
which is to be operated in West Shreve
Th5 E esmtath a blingr the project
* W111c9
RIVER AND WEATHER.
itc h \ tather 'vc4 terthly w;~;1 cr l ;amel
"ItullCr-;ilir. e . : \i 4ini4 14ll 4 4 I;: 111, 1\
n111:I!11 .
ili\er: .\rlltIir C`it ().S fccl, :t ri.c (i
4.i; i tnli 11ii 11 -,g11 : .,hrc.c.4,1 rlt I1.5
feet, ;t fill i i).K.
Rii~.r i r'cc;t4 : Vi d rii' g " I l, l ii
tinuc t, fulfT at Shrevcl),Wrt ?n ws l i the
next 2" hor & mu will \%r'II ly '11mn
.lO1s t 44 4* 194491 4t9t .r914ut9
Wit t.
ct'tlicer" t-; t ' t f r S, tir" c r' n tI .nl1
\icin y: $ ><41,1chd \r:lther ;11161 In'-)1,
:,l9 ,Ttin 'crt S1n111l 4y.
THE iOSTAt. SER'IAC..
SHIIgW Stlintlintt al )levntl
)an69 io lauastatne d.
One elerk ha i -Isy hIlrlowingrig@:tiI 0
a colmbination slt 4 i4 tl ; itif ian gag4 ' t4rt
whein sudden!y( , \9i9tit lc i S l insta|l't
warning. hre 4tIt ti i.ioi"r tilla f.rlum the
track and hitrtt a 1*tril' 1Irash. WiSViei
he regained collsciousnless. the wr"clIk
presented this *luhe-:ti.' eortditioi: lTh'
two torwar .ll ars tl:te beeIs plungtt
down a seventy Coot l.llankmfnlt. 'i'*h4
comblnatious .'ar landed in ate spright
position, with tiht rear Irucks onm thr
roof, every seat in the smoking grom
partment tielllg iltterly elemlolishold.
while it tihite lhorl .o'f tt91' nail complllart
Imelt wals a Ilhuge t:l-uglar stonet w'igih
ing not i'ss than ha lf a tn t l. slow the
lnail clerk es4'4alf I' l un:urtti ' will alwaysl
lae a m11ystery. says ti" Wor'ld's Work.
There is l proth. a ly 1 3 i . iel4 artii tll 4 if
tilh go.In't1,rl414 se'vit'l e ill which M
higlhl rr st;i:laitrd of lt o l tioln tot dlutl
i iltint M inetl than in this. I4 S ril t a:
h11.vy fr'es4 hot ; lir : lth .ttllstcl h111 ill riv i
eir it 1441`41 all lrill.ig w'tre swept a%'las
and the rIilroatil oralc s along the iankis
ipracl tie lily d4 estr4it ,t . Iour until rt' ''ks
ristIgil4i4d tll their I 'll 1unt til the w later,
rising inhl flowing throlng ( li eloors,
cOltillelid thentt il take tie an inltlro
vised ralft whiiih 'consisted of pieces oif
floltilig .sitt ' ilh'w ks uni14l other debrl'is it i
tihll inundation l hslh d together. s)i
thi:s frail 'rn ft they put th'lt'i pouches
and, c:refully lpropelling by p)ols alotng
with the currenlt, gained the postotfice,
a mile away. They found this aban
doned, with eight feet of water in the
street at that point. They '1were almost
exhaustied. and their condition was pre
carious. Finally. however, they were
rescued by boats and taken Into houses
through the second story windows.
The letter mail was all Intact and in
fairly good condition.
Some time ago the "run" *on a west
ern road was "short" a clerk because of
sickness. Ain official of the service hap
pened to be on the train and volunteer
ed his services. For fifteen hours he
stuck to his work at the letter case.
In the journey of more than 500 miles
he haid only a sandwich or two for
food and stood on his feet without re
lief. There are other instances on rec
ord where entire crews harve stood to
the work without food for twenty-four
hours.
Te As,Amerleas Authors.
John Burroughs looks like a re'formedti
farmer-a farmer who has reformed.
say, some time in his forties, too late to
escape being round shouldered, but ,r"a!
ly enoughito acquire a studious, schol
arly look and a distinct refinemuent of
face and figure that are most chart
ing, comlllinell with his fresh, outdoor
complexion. He is of medium height.
slender, yet complct and vigorous look
ing. Ills hair is white as new fallen
tsnow, and he wears a long white beard.
He has a soft. pleasant voice and is
very quiet. unassuming and kindly iu
manner. One would hardly take hhnt
for the greatest of all living nature
writers and one of the most charming
of American essayists unless one were
to remember that all truly great men
have a divine faculty of not appearing
great.
W. D. Howells Impresses one as par
excellence the type of the successful
business man. His figure Is fleshy and
bulky. His features and expression are
rather heavy, and it requires imagina
tion to believe him one of the most ex
quisitely sensitive and intuitive depict
an of American character.-Town and
Country.
Ds. *ewman Hall'S long Cereed.
The~late Dr. Newman Hall's first at
tempt at outdoor preaching was to a
company of hop pickers in his native
town of Maidstone. ills address was
short and to the point, and so great
was his inherent nervonsness and dif
fidence that he went unattended by
any friend. One of his first regular
sermons as a student was preached on
June 28, 1838, in the town hall of the
same place, the occasion being the
memorable one of Queen Victoria's cor
onation. The text taken for the ser
mon was "The King of kings and Lord
of lords." Newman Hall was one of
the very few ministers who preached
at both the coronation and diamond
jubilee iservices of the late queen, and
on the latter ccasion-June 20, 1897
he again preached from the same text
with a full heart and a host of remem
brances.-London Chronicle.
Sa "Agreeable 1arp1rie."
King Leopold had a curious adven
ture with a local band in one of the
country districts outside Brussels the
other day. It is the custom with these
hands when the king accidentally
meets with them. In his walks to greet
him with the "Brabanconne." The In
dependance Beige states that while a
party of rustle bandsmen was in an
inn the other day the king passed, and
all rushed out to greet him. The con
doctor called "La Brabanconne," but
as none of the men knew it each blew
for all he was wortl at some air which
he did know. The digcord was tre
mendeos. but the king stood through it
without ea muscle and when all
was -r~a urbane thanks for
b w e Ps him
THOUGHT A TEXAN
Allege4L Sank Robber 'apeur4 «l'hlle
*:0Mayying Role it Socilety Mamn.
tuince.' ill.. Tare. 10.-After stopptng
since last Saturday at one,og the $a'
ing [Iotl's. posing as a wealthy stock
enan. abl lavishly spendling money. VV.
-. ane. aiias apr hlutler. an alleged metn
bet ft Abingdolo hank robber gang.
was saptfur.', a1 U 'clock Friday
thorning irn an all sight restaurant, At
the tlme of *is arrest9 Lane was giving
era aller-theatre lutnch tie a small par
ty witg whonl t Ie t.camn. acquainteb
rutough sonle we'll'ktncwa ypeople of the
,ity. heliuling bins i'o is. a ric.h 'Vexan
?fr was Infoin a: tending thir pilay.
STracy the )l)tllaw." with a party of
foul anti kept tnuder (close watchl until
his arrest was made at lth. restaurant
Six ~'rolver-s held Iv as *ana.n men
wv thru;lst into his ft:at amt the
elilnes ..twi!elzne:I w'iltl Is lsternl
T M.tLtPOX AT CROCKETI.
a "ast-e 1 Io . <ue ltid lt ev 'era *CpeatOht
4re k.epo.,tel at Thla Sai'e.
Austin. Jan. 10.-The race for speak
91 between Neff of Mctennan .runty
adl Schlultter of Marion is quit.' spirit
-ds. Ilottl men and their lianagers
claim victory. A large number ,*t Il5i
-lasentatives have arrived.
Captain F. A. Holmes, at the head of
the p,nsion department, will make an
i .florlt to have pension In\w so amendledl
as to allow widtows of .titnslo ers Illthe
right to liraw pInlSihns after death of
husband.
State health department has been
advised of a serious smalltpox olthreak
at (Croc'ktl- t. T7'x Several dtl;i hs are
reported
The hsealth office wall place l hdditi n
Slia aranltine inl.sp5 tion alonig MInt aln
holder to keelp) outl bubonic plague.
Asso-tate Justice tBrown is impros
ingi. *
AIEW ARCHBISHOP.
Ilk. His I'redleceir $)r. )ahiniulsdii M
*rdentl Tertneruance Refur,erll...
New York. Jan. 10.--Dr. Randall
Thomas Davidson, the new archbishop
of Canterbury. says that Tribune's Ion
don correspondent, is a comparatively
young man and like his predecessor
an ardent temperance reformer, where
as. however. Dr. Temple was rugged
and austere. Dr. Davidson has always
been courtly and urbane. While Dr.
Temple was a school master. Dr. Da
vidson brings to bear upon the great
work *which lies before him expe
rience gained wholly within the
church, Dr. Davidson, it is undep
stood, would have declined the arch
bishopric had not the king personally
requested him to accept the place.
His translation from Winchester to
Canterbury will mean an increase of
salary from £6500 to £15,000.
ACCURATE AIM.
Corporal Itegan Gavve r Flue Exhibltktna
of Hls Marksanmanship.
San lr'rancisco, Jan. 10.-- xtraordi.
nary accuracy of marksmanship cut
short the heavy guil practice at the
Presidio government - reservation.
Twelve-inch guns were to be brought
into play, and the target was a wooden
structure, pyramidal in shape. about
twelve feet long at each base line and
about eight feet high. it was towed
oceanward by a tug with a long tow
line, and while moving at seven miles
an hour was fired on. When the target
was about three miles from shore and
under tow it appeared to be about the
size of a man's hand. It was then that
Corporal Regan fired the twelve-inch
gun. The shot struck about eight
yards astern the mark. Carefully Re
gan fired the second missile, and
scarcely had the roar of the discharge
ceased when the target disappeared.
The shot had hit "the enemy"amid
ships and shattered it into splinters.
ll Uni(on.
Bevier, Mo., Jan. 10.-All the Cen
tral Coke company's miners are now
members of the United Mine Workers
of America. Miners here have just
been organized at the request of the
company. The ('entral company' was
formerly strongly opposed to recog
nition of the union. The whole coal
mining industry of Missouri is now
organ4zed and yearly agreements have
been adopted.
Wasted at *ew Ortlean
San Francisco. Jan. 10.-The police
have arrested Clarence ReJn on a forg
ery charge. Dispatches from Chief of
Police Journee of New Orleans state
he is wanted at that city by the Lulgi
Del Otaro Fruit Dispatch comlpany and
also by J. O'Brien of the Western
Union Telegraph company. Amont
stated in complaint is $600.
Swayeo Ceavaleooeet.
New York. Jan. 10.-Jas. W. Sway1m
of the Hogg-Swayne syndieate of Beau
mont, Tex., who came to New York
several weeks . ago, is suffering from
pneumonia. The attending physicians
say Mr. Swayne has passed the dan
gerous point of the attack and is now
convalescent.
Will 1nt Aeeep.
Birmingham. Ala., Jan. 10.-Minnie
Cox, the negro postmaster of Indian
ola. Miss., who is in Birmingham,
stated positively that she would not
under any circumstances accept the
position of postmaster at Indianola
again. She is visiting her assistant's
brother, a barber, in this city, and
was very reticent about the matter.
The only question she would answer
was as to again accepting the post
ofece.
Fourteeu Firma Figure.
New York. Jan10.-Foreign Iron and
steel now Igure conspicuously in the
eonstluction of buildings and railways
in the country, says a Philadelphia
dispatch to the Times.
SHOW AT til G
Dasfsrdly *Work os a Coupte...)
ants at Fort Wrnth.
$'(*t WVorth, Jan, 10.-Oneia
boldest and 9nost daring crimes
aommited in the sity was
about 7 *'clock Friday night at
front gate eof James M. Wilson, at
Macon street. As Ms. Wilson
trturning home from his day's
Jess te was tnet at ?:is front gate
we lIootpads. who, without any
laig whatever, begate firing on
hi ,gng i *irt In tSli* 5trohnit with
ýoinrnils.
Atle, the .e'tim was :indered
I.s lthlL footpads began .elieving
ol the aluables sin his person,.
away *ith thiem a diamond stud
uei *l $;00, a watch valued at
a valuablh* Sing and vb.nti took I
the helpless man, who was wrl
almost irs ago,uy of death., a gold
lar button, Jn& just Iefot' wal
away one of th.i pals said to the
er* "Get the big hills." thinking
their victim had *'onusiderable in
in his pockets. They wetnl into
of his pockets and finding nothing
a bui)nch of keys. threw lthem to
groundt. There as litrie ht,'s of..
ar'cove ry.
Five reports were Iih ard There
in intermission betweeln the. first
se(.ond and then the- i otheri. i'amie
quick succession. The, sheits atlra
the attention of h.; ni, hli r in-1
Mrs. 'ope, who ran to the- t.out g
to find her sorn-in-law Iiilx on
ground in his; own blocl. hi: heet h
inrg tallen on the u trl,,g Th -
young ment boarders at , adljot
house ran to the sceet aroil a; (
the pr'ostraite man I t e in t i. house.
W\Vhet M.s. 'Pope'. horrili d at
she haid se- asked i l r t'ison Wonr
had halppenelld he said ihe had i
shot andl did not know wh, dld It.`.
T'rh two criminals, walked a
rapidly as M rs. I'ope asrne out
I remarked as they were triaking t
departure that only a dtog had
killed, evidently to forestall any
I citemlelt luntil they could make
escape. They had not gone far
they ran across Will Lowry. a fo
policeman, and they snapped their
tols at him. commanding him to
outt of their way.
DUNNE NAMED.
l ir ,llllinatredl for Condjllutor
of Dilnoese otf lt. Luis.
Dallas. Jan. 10.--lnfornation r
Dallas that Bishop Dunne of this
has been named as first choice of
electoral college of the diocese of
Louis. which met Tuesday mornnL
choose three candidates for coad
bishop. Coadjutor Bishop Job
Glennon of Kansas City. who deliv
an address here at the dedicati
the new Cathedral of the 8
Heart, was second choice, and Bi
Sebastian B. Messmer of Green
Wis.. third choice. These names
to be submitted to the suffragan
ops and archbishops and then to
for final decision.
Special Election Necessary.
Austin. Jan. 10.-As soon as
nor Sayers receives the resignatio
Congressman Lanham he will
an electi n In that district. In a
cancy in the position of United S
senator, the governor appoints a
reasor. but where a congressman
or resigns a special election ml
ordered. the law not providing
the governor shall flh the vac
by appointment.
Vietlmn HMad a holtgtu,
Overton. Tex., Jan. 10.-In a
culty over some c.tton. J. C. Gi
shot and instantly killed Ben
colored. The negro was advancing
Mr. Gipson with a drawn shotgun.
er warning him several times to
or he (Gipson) would shoot, the n
kept advancing with the above res
Mr. Gipson was placed under a $1
bond which was readily given.
'elrdkct for I.arge 94uin
San Antonio. iJan. 10.-In the
fifth district court a verdict wast
dered against the International
Great Northern railroad in favor
P. F. Monyhan lor the sum of $20
damages on account of personal
juries sustained in an accident at
enport Station in April. 1901.
Aganlst Cornering.
Chicago. Jan. 10.-The appel
court in a sweeping decision susta
the injunction issued by Judge
trais against eight board of t
members charged with operati
"corner" and sustaining the co
tion against the "cornering" of
market.
Reduered Kates.
San Francisco. .an. tO.--The So
era Pacific Railroad company
nounces reduced rates $25 from
sourt river points and $35 from Ch
go to immigrants and others desi
to settle in California will be g
from F'eb 15 to April 30
Forumer Guvernor Hoeting Dead.
Bellefonte, Pa.. Jan. 10.---Fo
Governor Daniel H. Hastings is
As adjutant general of the state he
dered notable service during the I
stown flood and later in coan
with the Pittsburg railroad riots.
Remembered His Death.
Rome, Jan. 10.-The twenty-fifth
niversary of King Victor Emman
was remembered by a pilgrimage to
tomb in the Pantheon. Thousands
ticipated. Hundreds of wreaths
placed on his tomb.
More Alleged Forgeries.
Nacogdoches. Tex., Jan 10.-A
tional alleged note forgeries in
nection with Wettermark bank
pension to amount of $11 900 are
ported.
Slxtee Inches of Snow.
Terra Alta. W. Va.. Jan. 10 .--Si
inches of snow fell here.