hERMAN LOEB
DEALER IN
Wool, Tallow, Beeswax, Furs.
CE STREET, NEXT TO V. S. & P. RAILWAY.
SHREVEPORT. LA.
tee to the sellers the best prices obtained in St. Louis, New
sburg, Galveston and Houston markets. Prompt returns.
ten a Moment."
I have the completest stock of
niture, Matting, Rugs
.... and Linoleums
I will make it to your interest to call and see me before you buy.
you call whether you buy or not. No trouble to show goods.
J. A. Stephenson.
tin g...
want good printing-commercial printing of value, we are ready
ur order. The kind of printing we do is good printing.
or man who wants good printing should bear in mind that
of printing we do is always good-the cheapest kind after all.
ers' Briefs a Specialty.
rices for orinting booklets, folders. circulars. cards, bill heads,
s, letter heads and everything whiich can be printed are fair
able-being much cheaper, taking in consideration the style
ty-than is generally paid for careless, ordinary or common
Ring up sooo.
sian & Carney Bros. Printing Co.
t NRCATIL & lF. (0. LTD.
Wholesale Dealers In All Kinds of
Produce, Field and
Glarden Seeds.
of SHREVEPORT STEAM BOTTIJNG
and SHREVEPORT STEAM
CANDY FACTORY.
T - t ;,Shnrveport, La.
Sots Shoes. and a..ts.
- Y..
-. .I 44 sm
atM AN COCKTT ''E
N UR,
3 to
ps644
Ad
aOFlr fknms d
7a.
at brtaP ap
TALMAGE
SERMON
By Rev.
FRANK DE WITT TALMAGE.D.D..
Pastor a, Jefferson Park Presby
terian Church, Chicago
Chicago, March 1.5. -l How mtch of
real heroism and true notbility arc dis
played in ordinary. ni ITTI iciuous lives
is shown by lI-v. Prank iI)o Wilt T:rl
mage in this sorl:Toi oni t he text \I:t
thew 1. 4. "And Naasson begat Sal
Loon."
Why did Thomas Carlyle entitle one
of his books "Ileroes iid tier) Vor
ship?" 1Le knew that the vast major
ity of the hloni n r:ic loved to study
the lives of its groi t ien and cTITI iulu.
Most peool-c oir- I:swIlts, loving h:
fore soni( lolinsi i in - Tiin. \ w t
to see the i -ross h"~ . s : i a T ,~; I
a priest, a :u of I :5 i -o a .i
What l)ante or ihoii Ta-rhr [ul oer
or ltousset-ii or T'.Orn r (T OTO:n . 4r
Napoleon TwIs in pliToli: a.: T :riVatc
life has for n, of is f. l TO i
terest. We ar" Tot. a: rule. cr- c
wrought with ex itetii-iat w ian u-i
comi( in touch with Ti 5T-I g s0
body." but we will travel f1:r ti sit at
the feet of a groit irator or to clasp
hands with a Go-the or a Victor lingo
or to see one whose dic l ntu may init
ence the destiny of a nation.
We do well to hn;ior the transcendent
genius and to take an intense interest
In the characteristics of the great man,
but we ought not to ovtrlook the heroic
elements in ordinary lives. There are
men among us, inconspicuous and un
known, who are living valiant lives,
overcoming the evil within them and
around them and exercising a benefi
cent influence on their own contracted
circle. These are men who, if a -great
crisis came or a great opportunity
opened, would achieve fame, but with
out it will die unhonored save by the
few who know them well. It is such
men I would hold up for your admira
tion today, and I choose at random as
an illustration of the class an obscure
name from a genealogical table.
The Cradle's lanfence.
First, Naasson's cradle must have
been an important part of his life's
ministry. It is a very common custom
for people to sneer at the helpful in
fluence of a cradle. Many critics are
apt to say that all a baby is good for
is to eat and sleep, to cry and get sick
and to keep the house in uproar from
the time he gets into it until, as a
young man, he goes forth to start a
home of his own. For nearly two
years at least the mother is bound to
that cradle as firmly as if she were
linked to it with a chain of steel. For
four or five years the baby is utterly
helpless. It turned out in the cold, he
would not be able to take as much care
ot himself as a five-month-old puppy.
-Fr the Bust fifteen years of a child's
'ito his opinion. upon any subject Is
practlcally valueless. The first twenty
years are tor the most part preparation
for life's work rather than the achieve
ment of may . high purpose. "There
fore," some one says to me, "I do not
ae" how you can airm that Naasson's
eradle could have been a very impor
tant part of his life's ministry."
While admitting these facts, I still
contend that the first few years of a
child's life have a momentous influ
enae. They are important not only to
the child, but to his parents. Who has
not witnessed the Influence of a cradle
In a house? I appeal to your own ex
perience. It must be in essential prin
*ples a parallel of` mine. My cradle
sad the cradles of my brother and ais
ters had a hallowlng influence in our
home. They were an inspiration to my
father and mother. My father preach
.e better sermons on Sunday because
he knew that in his nursery the chil-`
dren with whom he romped during the
week would look to him as an example
and a model. My mother was all the
more consecrated and circumspect be
muse her daughters were looking to
her for guidance and maternal train
ing. And, my brother. when any one
says that your childhood amounted to
nothing, you deny it. By the sainted
graves of your dead father and mother
you declare that you know they were
better Christians and better citizens
beucaue you, as a little stranger, once
creat into their hearts. Your parents
not only gave you to the Lord Jesus
Christ when they stood with you at
the baptismal alta?, but they also at
the same time, on your account, re
6nwed their consecration vows to the
Christ who loved their little phild.
A Child I C& ap.
The purifying, ennobling and Chris
tiabinag Influence of a little child was
once Ilstrated I by a brother minister
in the tokiowig story: One day, in the
far west, a stalwart miner was return
lug to hIs encampment when he found
a lost chId. She was a beautiful littl
g fa fioutflvesummers. "Where are
yost father and- mother, little one?"
*aked the miner. "Don't know." said
the baby. " Whst are you going to
do "''We," she -answered, not the
lest a ashed, "I guess I will go home
with yea* ad wait til mamma comes
agetu me." The miner, with a laugh,
pibsd bher . In his strong arms andi
streda the uoantaln side. T~e lit
te girl Is bli embrace was not a bit
afms she laughed and sang and
that he-ta ho way. When the min
oJrb to camp, he asked the men
b . do with her, and they
may here ever night. and
the an5e t i t take her to town In
thew * i~ar supper the little
~s41ther chattering
9 o.; s m eerae*to:eo
~I ~ S seera Tshat
her said, "Little one, come here; I will
undress you." He got out a woolen
shirt and used it for her nightgown.
Then she looked up in her sweet, inno
cent way and said: "Now I must say
my prayers. Who will I say thenm to'"
This was a harder proposition for the
Iten to solve than t hi otlher. At lIst
one miner said. "C'''ain. my (sling.t ad
say your prayers to ni'." W\\li 1he
little one knelt. the tears iI;e Ni willing
out of the miner's eie:s. ie i't p di
her off as he said. "No. rny lii;!e ait I
ait not good eio'hiiU" for you to say
your prayers to me.' Alotthtr nainer
tried it. IHe broke down. At last the
little girl knelt bty her hunk. When
she cotuntenceil to pray the old prayer
Now I lay am m'om':n to step,
I pray the Lord my soul to keep
and ended up that prayer with the
plea that God would bless the good
men who were looking after her, there
was not a dry eye in that cabin. Many
of those rough, stalwart men, through
that child's example, were led to give
their hearts to God. As a result of
that little giri's visit tbese rouirh nint
ers Iuilt a church. They brought to I
titat church it minister. The minister
declared that in all his life he never
proaihed to a ttore impressionable at
dii'r than those routh mhen, who had
been brought into touch with that little
child prayer.
You it sett that that child's gospel
iuliuence is the exception?' I know It
is not. I know that a nan never on
earth celtis as ntar to herven tts when
his little haby boy or girl kneils by his
side and In trust and love says a baty's
evening prayer. tiod pity the man
who never knew that joy! God forgive
the father who has dulled his ear so
as not to hear such a message, who has
blinded his eyes to shut out such a
sight, which in angelic form can come
to him in bare feit. robed in a little
white nightgown. Brother, do not tell
me that Naasson's childhood was wast
ed years. Do not for it moment sup
pose that although you may be an ordi
nary man living an ordinary life in an
ordinary home your little cradle had
no gospel significance In the lives of
your Christian parents.
liaasson Like Most of Us.
Naasson's matured manhood teaches
that God provides for the humblest of
his children as well as for the greatest.
Who was Nanason? He iihad a father
named Aminadab and a son, Salmon.
That is all we know of hisditwect con
nections. They were eVidently as htum
ble as himself. There was certainly
nothing extraordinary about this man.
History makes no mention of Naasson
leading a great army. Among all the
leaders of the Bible there is. no record
ed speech spoken by his lips. Whether
he was in physique tall of short, wheth
er he had light hair oi dark, blue eyes
or black, a broad or a narrow chest,
must be all left to conjecture. But this
fact is certain-whether he was the
humblest individual who ever lused or
no, God took care.of him, God f;m.
God chet him, God saw hbll grb* up
to full manhood Then When his work,
however small, ,was done God took him
to himself. In other words. Nasseon
was like the most of us, who are with
out any particular talent or power of
leadership. Yet God is caring and feed
ing and clothing and housing us, just
as he feeds the bird of .the air and
clothes the lill of the field.
O obscure man, in the humble walks
of life, do you not realise that in spite
of yourselfyou are preaching wherever
you go the protecting care of the love
of God? It is not surprising that a wis
ardgit inventions like Thomas 1A. Edi
son can earn .his daily bread; It is not
surprising that a gigantic intellect like
that of Andrew Carnegie can accumu
late a fortune whop be can crowd the
Monongahela and Allegheny rivers
with his works, the jong funnels every
where at night shooting out their
Sames`until it makes the surrounding
regions of Pittsburg look, as Rev. Dr.
John Hall once expressed it, "as the in
fernal regions with the lid off;" It is
not surprisng that a lawyer like Sear
gent S. Prentiss should have a large
income when by his eloquence he could
charm not only the masses, but also
such leaders of this country as. Rufus
Choate, who turned to Daniel Webster
at the conclusion of one of his orations
and said, "Did you ever hear a speech
more eloquent than that?' "Never,"
answered Webster, "except from Sear
gent S. Prentiss himselt." But that
a man of ordinary intellect and every
day abilities can at all times earn a
livelihood for himself and wife and
children is surely to be explained by a
revelation of the divine goodness. Why,
some people have not hardly enough
brains to tell their right hand from
their left, yet God cares for them, God
feeds them and clothes them, just as
he cares for that poor widow who is
left financially stranded with a large
nurober of children strapped to her
back. Ht feeds and clothes them just
as he cared for Naasson or as he has
been caring for us.
Where Plata Live. Lead.
But I find another very suggestive
fact about Naasson's genealogical his
tory. It led to mightier names. As
Joseph Parker once graphically and
tersely expressed it: "You should re
member that a long, fiat road may be
leading uv to a great mountain. There
are some very plain and uninteresting
miles out of Geneva, yet every one of
them brings you nearer to Mont Blanc.
So you do not know to what high hill
your life may be quietly leading up.
Even if yeo yourself are nobody, your
son may be a man of renown or his
son may be a valiant and mighty man.
Methuselah was the father of Lamech,
and Lamech was the father of Noah."
Yes, yes, that is the thought to which
I point. 1S*asson may have been a
seeming nobody. His son;' Salmon, was
a seeming .nobody. But Salmon was
the tather of the mighty Boas, who
was the isbasid Of beautiful Ruth,
wb& `a .tea pOnmotb4 it the
~ jh teitr.
you may think your domestic life does
not amount W much. You may say it
consists mostly in sewing dresses for
the babies and cooking meals and pet
ting the little ones when they are hurt
and reading the Iible to the children
before they go to bed. lTut I want to
tell you that in the light of this his
tory of Niassooi you have a liL hty, a
tria'nelous iv irk If eon y 'r handls.
You ':any be the nmotli r or tie gr":iiil
Iiother" of .t boy wiiho will yet troilail
the gospel of Jesu i to the fir thierlliist
parts of the world. You may be roik
Ilg in your dau lit' rs cralle a ftlt tie
Prances E. Villl:ird. a F!lorenie Niiht
angale or a Frances IRidley Ilavoreal.
A In I going beyond niy right in too
much emphasizing the infinite influence
of a hbln!- home: Were not uttarly
all our great nan horn in a cottage in
stead of a palace? IHave not nmi nly
all our great mwn laid at their humble
mother's feet the credit for all their
success? What said Thonias II. 11n
toll, the great Missouri senator, when
he was delivering a speech in New
York city? "My mother asked mle nev
or to use tobaciio, an1 I have never
touched it from that day to this. Shi
asked ni never to gamble. and I never
learned to gamble. When I was seven
years of ago. she asked me never to
drink. I nmade a resolution of total :ih
stinlnce. That resolution I haie never
broken. Alid now, whatever honor' I
maty have gained, I owe it all to env
mother." What says John Allamlos?
"All that I am I owe to my mother.'
What says James A. (artield? Ile says
nothing. but. his actions speak louder
than words. We see that his first a6t
after having taken the oath of office as
president of the United States was to
lean over and with smtliing lips, under
loving eyes, kiss the withered lips of
his old mother. When Garret A. Ho
bart was about to take the oath of of
flee as president elect in the senate
chamber, I saw President McKinley's
eyes wander up to the gallery wherein
sat the one who gave him birth, and
he bowed his reverence and love to his
old mother.
The Mother's Heart.
Henry Ward Beecher once said that
"the mother's heart is the child's school
room." It is more than that; It is the
very heart of the child's mental, moral
and spiritual existence. Ah, woman,
called mother; ab, man, called father,
do not say that your humble life in a
humble home amounts to naught.
When you rock the cradle, you are
rocking the centuries. Your boys, your
girls, may yet become mighty men and
women for God and for the betterment
of the world, because you are now
starthig them right. They may be
preaching and living tie love of Christ
among the earth's sinful men long aft
er your earthly work is done and you
have gone to your heavenly reward.
Again, Naasson's life impresses me
with the fact that the greatest of~earth
ly works are accomplished by ordinary
people. Here and there in the long list
of genealogical names which are re
torded in the first chapter of Matthew
there is a prpminent man, but four
fiftls of them-aye, nine-tenths of them
--re names as humble as that of Naas
son's.. Thus we find that everywhere
the vast bulk of the world's work Is
doneby the ordinaries and not by the
exti ordinaries, Why? Because there
are but few extraordinaries and thou
sands upon thousands and millions up
on mi llions ordinaries. When you stand
by the grave of Christopher Wren In
St Paul's cathedral of London, you
read his epitaph thus: "If you wish to
see my monument, look about you."
But when I look about St. Paul's cathe
drdl I sea in the stones of every wall
and the dovetailing of every crevice
the work of hundreds and thousands of
hands horny with toil as well as in the
complete building the white, soft fin
gers of the great architect who there
lies buried. I see the humble laborers
digging the foundations; I see tie hum
ble masons rearing the walls; I see the
humble carpenters lifting the scaffold
lags; I see the crowd collect about the
poqr, bruised, mangled body of the
workman whmoqe foot miastepped and
whose brainaw were dashed out upon the
grouna beneath when he fell from that
high scaffolding. Aye, I see Naassons,
humble Naassons, everywhere in life!
They have builded the pyramids; they
have liteilt the dome of St. Peter's and
the Ta$i Mahal; they have worked on
the farms and swept out the stores anti
died in the soldier's trench. It Is the
accumulation of the work of the ob
scure individualsi in this wprld which
has mAde this old earth what It Is;
Itherefore, my brother, do not say that
you life's work is useless because it is
inconspicuous.
The Humble Workers.
Well did the manager of the celebra
tion which took place in New York
eity some years ago to commemorate
the inauguration of George Washing
ton as president of the tnited States
appreciate the value of the humble
workers in the humble walks of peace
ful avocations. The first day, for it
was a three days' celebration, they
gave up to the navy, or, rather, to the
scene when Washington crossed New
York harbor and landed at Castle Gar
den. Then the bay was crowded with
boats in gala day attire. Then the
mighty white squadron, accompanied
by representatives of foreign navies.
passed up the Hudson river in review.
As the death dealing, floating arma
ments of destruction passed Governors
island, where I sat, The gunners would
shove the noses' of their war hounds
out of the portholes. There would be
a breath of smoke, then a growl. a
roar and the white ships would disap
pear behind the white clouds of smoke.
The second day of the celebration was
given up to the army. Hour after hour
up Broadway' and Fifth avenue rode
the different governors at the head of
their state troops. Cheer after cheer
went up to greet the famous men.
There were the regulars with such men
as cbofield and the one armed Howard
et tbir had who followed Sherman to
- Thse ea~ the war veterans.
Side by side with the blues rode or
walked the men who once wore the
gray-- brothers now. with no rivalries
save with the rivalries of trying te
outdo each other it kindness and broth
erly courtesy.
The Strength of the- Nntin.
But tile third tliay of III(le lI'lnttion
was thil gi-el't,'t to 1I of 11ll. That
was ti' tine of t- , i ta strial 1 , Ir;tl .
What is ithe nat} fur' *lvl to pro
ti't our mh n+ 40Il . -l l ;It
tilt seathouni- . \1 I.t i,- Io nit-r
lilt It' sttn,'s. 't' -t lazii o r n11 -
tion is not 1ii la i m aile 1:,l of \:Ir.
but in hnr ii rni I and: of' tfnl 1;<_o
W 'e hS;XX till lit Li' upn- i th.ti ut il.
We saw the btakn r coinL ;:tt the
stove. We itw the farilllr's ploi- 1nd
the w looditan's ax acid the typti'X':ti Ia's
mnat'hine 1114 the printing Wrs e
heard in ill siw- tlillai Which iimoviI 'd til)
tIlloadway and 1 iftil aV(nu'l tin tilt
tional son,: of :1 pros~ptrous ];(mlt in
1 1ustry. And thi s lotillas wet'(i not
inhtned by iith r ll'l trappintgs of for"
Xi tn ,llalsl X dori . iTihey Srli tilled
with the irtis:g s antl the laborers end
the uasl:,ins lin emi I e of toun
dries acd fontoritha i( od 'as keing. tv
utoitniucti ii C upon tittill saof riifes as ,
lid brothert do not thaor Tacob or loa
orl are a htauleasson is. hfble aros
pecity of lo uinty hs lst's XXpon twell
Wokie ::# 0 1::xe fill m r hints lil
illonl the (atiltalliSt 8 Hliv lsioin ()I tile
pi'esideut's Wh'lite House.
wst osint s dear to he D tivinly end
asof hess' hifd occupid iythi Soomn's
Slogical aomnt that fod was keeains
just v itch es ount of aris life ns he
did that of Abraham or Jacob or Hoaz
or David. Natsson in his humble ca
pacity and doing his. life's work well
was just as dear to his Divine Mlaster
as if o e had occupied a Solomon's
throne or hid built a Noah't, ark. In
deed, I sometimes think If God has
any favorites they are to be found
among the humble workers. Abraham
Lincoln thought so. lie once said,
"God must Jore the common people
better than the aristocrats because he
lade so many of them." And Christ's
actions when upon earth seemed to
prove this theory. We tind that he as
sociated for the most part with the
poor and the humble. The greatest
earthly joy Jesus seemed to have had
in a human sense after a day's preach
ing in Jerusalem was to be able to
leave the capital and climb up the hill
upon which Is situated the little village
of Bethany and there lodge with his
few friends in the home of Mary and
Martha and Lazarus. Thus, my broth
er, In your humble capacity, in your
obscure home, remember that Christ
to with you. Remember that he is
watching you. Also remember that if
you do your work with his help to the
best of yours ability he will speak to
you the same words which Sir Walter
Scott chiseled upon the tombstone pf
a. domestic who had served him long
and was buried in his family plot,
"Well done, good and faithful serv
ant."
If God rewArded Naasson, he reward
ed him not for being willing to serve
him in a place for which he was not
fitted, but for faithfully doing the work
which was given him to do in an incon
spicuous position. A short time ago
President Roosevelt nominated an of
ficer to the position of brigadier gen
eral not because he had gallantly led a
charge in Cuba during the Spanish
American war, but because he was
willing when asked to do so to stay at
home and faithfully do the organizing
work of the day. It Is not always the
man who receives the applause of men
who will ultimately receive the ap
plause of heaven; therefore let us do
the humble work of life faithfully and
earnestly which God ha* given to us
to do. Do it even though -we may be a
Naasson; do it even though mes may
judge that work to be useless. The
man of one talent may receive just as
large a heavenly reward as the man of
ten.
(Copyright. 1903, by Louis Klopuch.]
A Curiosity of the Simplon Tunnel.
The engineers digging the wonderful
tunnel that runs through the great
Simplon mountain to connect Switzer
land with Italy are experiencing great
difficulties because of the presence of
boiling water in the mountain. The
water comes from the top of the moun
tain and is heated almost to boiling
point by the friction and pressure of
its percolation through the limestone
beds of the mountain. Before the tun
nel had been dug very far on the Ital
ian side the heat became so intense
that it was impossible to live in it. The
mountain was piped, and soon 15,000
gallons of steaming hot water were
flowing out of the south end of the tun
nel every minute of the day and night.
The immense flow was harnessed and
made to drive refrigerating plants and
cold air blowers. Todaj the tempera
ture of the tunnel has been reduced
from a height that would have roasted
a man in a minute or two, and- the at
mosphere now has the pleasant warmth
of a June day. The hot water also
drives pneumatic drills and boring ma
chines, so that it helps to dig the tun
nel as well. When completed, the
Simplon tunnel will be the biggest in
the world-fourteen miles long, with a
cost of nearly $1,000,000 a mile.
A Large Diocese.
Bishop Tugwell of western equatorial
Africa is often asked when in England,
"What is the size of your diocese?" "D
generally answer," he says. "by saying.
'You could put England and Wales,
Ireland and Scotland. Holland and Bel
gium. France and Germany into my
diocese and still have room to spare.' "
The area is estimated at 700,000 square
miles, and it includes the Gold Coast
Colony. Ashanti, Lagos. southern Ni
geria, the city of Benin, northern Ni
geria and Hausa and Bornu states -
London Express.