lfler Doctors fail
Baton Rouge. La., Feb. 12. 1900.
1 was a sufferer for seventeen years. I had three family doctors in consultation and they decided that my
health would remain bad until I had a child. They continued to treat me for four years with no success except to
get our money. There were two more years with a great expenditure of money with no satisfactory results and we
abandoned all hope. Finally our cousin, Jane Jones, of Woodville, Miss., paid us a visit and finding my health very
bad. introduced Wine of Cardui and Thedford's Black.Draught and we decided to give them a trial. My husband then
wrote for a copy of Home Treatmesit of Female Diseases. After studying Its contents, I found all my complaints
outlined, word for word, and sent for a bottle of Wine of Cardui and a package of Thedford's Black.Draught. After
the use of the first I found relief. I re.ordered untr' had used eleven bottles and found my health very
much improved. To our surprise a baby soon appearer. .she is lust as fat as a pig. Such a thing had not hap.
pened in seventeen years. I would urge all ladies in poor health to use your medicines. They are more than you
claim they are. I have not had any use for a docto since using the first bottle of your wonderful medicine My
health is all right in every way. Mrs. L F. GERMANY.
WINEoCARDUI
Thins of her suffering the agonies of female complaints for seventeen years and the suffering all
unnecessary. Mrs. Germany could have been cured years ago just as well as now had she only taken
Wine of Cardui. She need not have had those harrowing pains and grinding aches. tier experience
should induce every sufferer who reads this paper 'o give Wine of Cardui a trial. Instead of wasting
time and money with doctors when no benefit is bing received from them get a bottle of this great
medicine from your druggist. Wine of Cardui will nnihilate those monthly pains which make your
life a torture and will bring you a permanent cure. Qon't decide you cannot be well even when
doctors have failed. Try Wine of Cardui. All druggist. sell $1.00 bottles.
In cases requiring special directions. address, ving symptoms. "The Lbdie'
Advisory Department ",The Chattanooga Medt sne Co., Chattanooga. " n.
LI HIC hk, EFer. IALL BILKS. ic-1'res W t 1iAaEl, Iecty &irers
DIRECTORS::
8 B HICKS, [ALE HICK3. F H GO8MAS, W F CHASE.
T H SCOVELL, O H STE YIENSON
TUE HICKS COMPANY
LIMITED
Wholesale Grocers
and Cotton Factors.
.andWarehouse, Corner Spring and Travis
and Texas and Commerce Streets
ILARCEST^NOMOSCOMPLETEBUGGYFACTORY ON EARTH WRITE FOR
PRICES AND
Oua Cooos AnR ICE BEST-'
L10OUR PRICE THE LOEST
RPaRMer.5Ih.- .w_
oC HARDMAN,
Wholesale and Retal
Lumber, Shingles, Ssh
Doors, Blinds and General House
Finishing Goods.
DFFICE and SALESROOMS, cor. Spring and Crockett.
LUMBER YARD,:cor. Lake and McIleil Stm. skreveport, La.
Henry Rose lercan ile
& lanilacteriog Co., LW.
WHOLESALE DEALERS AND MANUFACTrURERS
Pr~prietors of the
* h1rQveport Stetna i3ottll ig Wow ke.
*1ievepoart Steam candy Factorir.
For Frults, Produce, Nuts and Candles and. In fact, anyth'ng sold in
a Fruit and Confectionery Store, sand your orders to the above namud. d rm
who are suocassors to the well known and reliable house of Henry Rose.
Yours to Serve,
Henry Rose Mer. & Mf. Co. Ltd,
, seed Potatoes
arid Oril . Seto.
We have onhand and to arrive eight varieties of seed
potatoes, including the ce'ehrated Early Snow Ball, Sec
crop Triumph and Crown Jewel. If you want fresh
send your orders to
Z' LtenRi ýa weil.
For any variety of Garden Seed, northern grown seed
COrn, amber and orange cane, millet, weeat, oats, in fact
aay thing you need in seeds. Write for prices or call and
465ee nat 108 Texas street
. ' noen& WVel l,
Levi Vuoper Mamon Looper
COOPER BROS3.
MISSOURI LIVERY `SALE
AND FEED STABLES
And Stock Lotn
Corner o. Louisian aod;TeLas Street.
Shraveoort.:La. Telepaoas 57.
EETBAY NOTIOE
Taken up and es ayed by Dudley No.
banks, sear Lengwo t, La.. before the
uedersirned justice c peace, one sorrell
horse, 10 years old, bra vted K on jaw and
E L on hip, white bird et. The owner
will come forward, prn property and
pay costs, or the borne will 4sola at ¶Eoei's
store, on the let day of Feb ry. 1901, as
provided by law. This 2Si h Dece.aber,
190. . W W KEL.:TT,
Justice of Peace Ward Three, _,.ddo Par
jab. Louisiana.
ESTRAY NOTICE.
Taken up by Clail Miller about three
miles from the courthouse, on K C 8 tai -
road, near the Barn hill place. one dark bay
mare mule, blind in right eye, ab .ut 13
bheds high, short coupled, no marks or
brands vislWeeexcept harness mark. Hid
baIter on when taken up. [he owner will
co.' e forward, prove property and pay
cbarges or same will be sold socordingito
law on ihutsdsy, February Si. 1891.
C U HICKS,
.City Judge. Shreveport.
The Ctoaasian. Jan 20, 1901.
EBTaAY NOTICE
Taken up by Wm Mates on the 12 h day
of Januar). 1901, and estiayed before me,
the undersigned authority, one cream
speckle steer, 3 yeare old, marked crop
asm two split to right ear, and crop one
at litjin left ear, o, brands; also 1 blaok, 1.
ybaroell steer. aarted orop amd two splits
ii right ear crop and one split to left ear,
both hied lea w hite, no broads.
The owner will pleas come forward,
prove props rty end pay charges or the
animals will be sold according to law on
SATURDAY, FiBMUAR 248, 1921.
at Vivian, La., durIng legal hour of sale.
B. F. T[AT,
Justice of the Peace of the Second W ard,
Caddo Pae-ine, Louisiana, Jan. 19, 111,.
Jsnu3ry 13, 1931.
New Schedule
via.
THE
TEXAS PACIFIC
RAILWAY
G7ives vn L1benefit (of
3 Trains Dally
TO
FT WORTH and DALLAS
And All
Texas Points
Incomparable Cannon Ball
service to California and
the West. Speed and com -
fort combined.
E. P. TURNER,
G. P.&T. A,
Dallas. Texas
For ;Sale
IX riVE ACaMELOk 1i TEN
ACBS WTIT, IN . D AD
DITION.
Opele lataduemeat. to home Bkers.
A. .L:B3JO.HoU3S.
for te Ca.
. -c...
THE QUEEIub FUNERAL.
xt, na* neon £>eaic'iio to~ qry §tor af
Windsoir en 15.t
thlat tila' fillie-nil asf t hv t.'i w11a0 aIî'W
l-r-bar t Jaa .1:1 2. wilt fak, iba&m''. at "t .
Wijnels-priJra -ban Feau . Til-, Nbjl v 4>
wh'j,'' sil] a. r.N- fr-vitra§ tlia' d);
laant,' Ifaa-ov, -nf F,. la. l. %it. r it-- --x
5a. daalal'irt. * iat' . ,j,.jtitai tha.. fu
viar.il slifitaltiex ia nilitarn tal ch,.anvt-'r
V,'nal...ar Ibrivizitnsc -&at@-a r.-gmîlia. It w&Aa
carr.Ad tin as liaLiz# bat.
li#ar" ~ir iuaails aioahtv lui 4ama "gJCa
Eilwisr, V11
>ralar iaiaa 10%-1%t is4.4il1a t.'a tih.' 'îi
u#-1 alt.jui«Inbaau f tll &til t.ayrnvilalal..
.ahips. to nr ii )i t jliea'aa F#'h. 1
I> mllv fransti J).a1biat-îa. li i..; ai'.t.,e
that witr.Iuiii« wilt aarnt, m a astilo lla.-un
thir-,iscit whia'ia fiat- rbal v~im-htîu Iaaarin.
th,- Bluoor'.'n jal.~ilî~
SHE PLEADED FOR PEACE.
Vietaarla fiet Prr.mjntm..teinfo th* KIM«
and K*Lijer to Avold War.
Lobitdoi. TIaai. 25. -Al he'r hlatIn'a
rally iaa4aara'#- a tijt' aitteati gIuihIij5aitijnt
th#- pisni of'' WaIa'm are,1 th*- -tiem-aari)r of'
(3a-rriatitv r~a he'r Ia'dsiela' waal lw'asajaht
titinii. w4 tat 1i. av'. haér, t. avaaja w'ar
1 if 21.'n&tiitat.tiii;;la praat;"' watt
thatir lieaw,'r to. r.'igia iiijwaa' w-.ver tab
ltllaw Lisgjthita sijalt 1 woriiItaan t4a fa'laii
t:and a;tohtrad*c,br to itttluoa all athaar uw
STRAINED RELATIONS.
King Fdwari and Aiallbtury Not on the
Bent of Termu,.
Iinelott, .Jan "3:..-Prinm Mitnister 4a1l
ishnryv' absn-it e fr'm i º).l,.rne Ion,
during they iueetn's lagt mintents ha
not its-i publicly explainted and causes
wide-pread -pxwulatioin, espeially in
court and piilitintil circles. Aiording
to information Turd 4ali,4hury remained
away owing to the strained relatiouns
between him and the present king.
The Times in an editorial on the new
king partly affords a clew to the mys
tery where it says: We shall not pre
tend that there is nothing in his lengthy
career which those who re..piiet and ad
mire hint. could not wish otherwise.
These warning words are said to re
fer not only to the Mordaunt case, :'1
years ago, but to a more reeint episode
concerning which the marquis of Salis
bury on behalf of thet qnein road the
prince of Wales a severe lw-turet which
accounts for their now reported un
friendly relations.
The serious aspect of this matter is
that under such a condition of things.
Lord Salishury's tenure of the premier
ship cannot endure long, and then the
Uniotist government will go to pieces
Wottma Choked to Death.
Gainesville. Tex.. Jan. 23.-Mrs. Sa
rah Merice. residing a few miles north
of here, hied at the breakfast table., e
ing choked to death by a piece of meal
kidgiug in oer throat.
MUurvt-LLI'S HUNT.
Stebbe a Lien to Death After as lxriIt
tag Fight to Colorado.
Meeker. Col., Jan. 2.5-News direct
frent the Keystone ruuih at which place
the Rossievelt hunting party is stop
ping shows that 12 grown mountain
lious. :1 kittens and 8 lynx cats have
been killed.
On Satrdavy last the pa: ty had quite
an exciting adventure with one lion.
The lion was held captive by and was
fighting with the whole pack of htinds.
The hunters were trying ti get near
enough to the animal to kill it with
their ' iiives when it s5iY.td1 one of the
digs by the jaw. Uiivernor Reiise-elt
shovel the breech of the gun into the
lion's mouth holding the gun by ot i
hand with the other striking the lion a
death blow with hi-. knife. His gun
shows the marks of the lion's teeth.
All the grown lions were killed with
the knife.
The governor has decided to stay for
another two weeks.
Wealth of Victoria.
:rb"n. Jan 24. -T!ir- Il,- h'Tn a
g!i'ral I litf that tiue 'In wa- "i" ~i
th." rt"i," it a n- Y ( 111 , ll i a .li >1t
wiulv d leave an no in n' . -tate t, hit
hiir-. It i+ 'tat - that there will be
nin'h alt' nishni"iit wh i-n the amuni utfl
cf her l*" -rnalitv i -ii vii by th' pro
v-ison- ~f hter,\wIl Inven,-d ~f b. tug
very great, it will prove t~ he of ii..di-er
at' vali, and all etrmatrit ~f tier pri
vate f'rtuie will h.e foudl fallacioui
The truth veetu- to be that the quti;
like 'tljer rich pe ple had a great onuo
her of r lati . b- il-lni-dent 'qpon her,. aid
that -h, wa nt pn q d fri 0. tune t0
timn. to puly their deb-r and .-xtru ait
them frou "nt oiarramenoit
The reading of the ,eit .s lIat will
and te-tamijejit niar Invny ." ~ n- f tiif
nii ot r-nmarkit.le Aurprie- t h)r ru in
One of her , xcentnr, Lord Ur-o,
whore slt, hiieireil with her frieiid'hit
and ii who., 1 inie.hx aihdity the had
implicit ciutidlesee.
In the house iue btler clay an appropri
ation of $IU.,Ut4 to enable a party of as
tronomers to witness an eclipse of the
sun was being considered. Relireseniative
Cannon announced that the eclipse would
take place next May. would be visible in
Sumatra and "would be the most ez
traordinarr eelipse in the tide of time."
It would last, he said, 19 minutes.
"I woild like to ask." said Representa
the Richardson. "wherein that eclipse
will differ from the recent eclipse of the
sun witnessel ia this country?"
"It is a Sumatra sun," responded Mr
Cannon. quite seriously, "and tho ectipie
Is longer. Our baby v-as shorter."-Wash'
iltaste Poet.
IST. LOUsb r-r-.oi a ijN.
Tbc Tim. 3111i>nr. IbosiIer* WCa~k .v s-od
E&,,voorgstoij-n,* M.1*.
'vru eam~ti tia.L t lwe vnrt ' .vstSri; eieet telt
t;. <hî'iiite ijsl'' flat-ir.,
Olwamem ve'are'micatîîe' taair.eeitn
iert.t'*.Ittb'.'b wh",, tie'let- aiitiitty.
riti". Imael îertbvaiefI *I.t>eN t.)t' th#
m ti,'fntme>îîbt of tile- '4#-er.'tstry of trv-&<rry.
ti-talt 4 .~.>I and at th*-an* time
îmr.evileiin a> c'>îîpre'h ertive' phuw of gm>v
t'rtisim#'îat Iu&rtiu'iIItioemI alibrijc the'» liuto
of time' imtrrtiviîeaîe, ml ta Cîae'age.#
Ezi heve'rmm'tr Frî.eri.m ae1.eet ' th*
oomlaititte"' imeeîntîmcg thaat til.' fll'ttiv had
he't'na 'm-uroytl lv Ie,"al jwtulitritie,.'e. 4, this
all1e)uitt hm.Oi.IN hIAle''im rai4Me' by
1»lbnnLmr t'ub-meril>iitiaî mud .'h».mK y
fiat- imtm' f Ilmbud-e. T)% e.- îl<am of
the' ae'et'.tary eof At.at4' of Mi«,*>euri a>hiw.
A" a> lnrorp ttajltrity min the'- 'tat.' v'tmc fav.
etrahil.' te, the'a,meeîî'a atittii.eriv.ng
tihv IN>Eliteand mimel St. 1.11is'tt tih.t vmm4
1 eho'we'ei eight-ninth.-4fV'rI>t>
THE ARMOUR INSTITUTE.
Opinion Prevails it Will Be AUilated
With So.ne Other Srhoolq.
Chicago, Jan. :5.-The Armour insti.
tute is to be moad.- the nu'le-os of a
great technical s h.ol and will be af1ll.
ated with ,irher the Uuiversity of Ohi.
cago or the Northwe'tern UntIlvsr.i4j.
Philip D. Armour before his death are
ranged for the future of the institntiou
whieh bears his name and his will pro
vidse aln endowmientt of $l.tM)O,0ft). This
is the information which conmies from a
close personal friend of the Armour
family who was in a position to share
Mr. Armour's cionidenee, and who
sin.e Mr. Armour's death has loan ap
prised of the conditions imposed in his
will.
Mr. Armour tWok precaution to platn
the institute in charge of persons who
would see that his plan for a great
school would be de veoled to its utmost.
He always held the highest opinion of
Dr. Frank W. (unnsaulus, until rewently
thet president of the Armour institute,
and it is believed by those who knew
the great packer best that the destiny
of the institute will be .halssl by Dr.
(suil aulus' future.
e cry indication is that the tsuhnical
institution that is to be built around the
jiresent institute will be a tremendous
and lasting monument to Mr. Armoutr's
belief in practical educati it.
Most srsonis who are at all faniliar
with the future plans of the Armour
Institut. bloieve that it will beafliated
with the U'niversity of Chicago. Dr.
Guhnsaulus has long been connet-ted with
that university as a lecturer. If the
Armour Institute is to follow Dr. Gunu
saulus it will probally bervnne an inte
gral part of the "Midway Unllege Uw
Ster. " -
Jackson, Miss.. Jan. 2.l.-A swesatioa
eraw sprung at a staid old college town,
lu miles west of here this week when
it bxecame known that the president of
the eollehe had taken a hasty departure.
Several voung ladies had left recently
and it was rumored that the president
had in-ultid them, The trustees met
ti in lestigatti. tindin that he had bstn
in the habit Af hugging every girl lie
found altini-. ri gardless of protests. The
prisidint knew he would te dismissiud
and left in ain early train fir Nirth
Carolina.
Seveaty-elimit ielow Zero.
me the-. Ji n. 2.- Au vi-es froin
Washington and Yukon va,!ev sai .s-
tion if Alaska hi- Pus-t puassid through
tht" i"nhl,"t we~atht i rtecor~dtd .in"," the
white ion have inhziiiitl the t- cintrv.
rh.- limax wa, ri-uu5:u-ul in tIa o ii
whi-rn the thi-rinuin-ntir ).t lnw~sumi ftill
to f;x duigress below zieo. A nw--sage
front Forty Mile the siuneti- buy saul it
was S8 hi-low.
Health Officer Deel.
Honstin. Jan. 25.-l)r. Williamn Put
egnut. li-ualttli itfijie-r ut Hr wn n-'. I
died here Wdu-uidi-iy night at the Kita.
bru .iutitarium. wiheri-i ht - was hrui.ght
a *hart time ago fir tr-ittnulint. Hi war
rie-l a i eu-i- of .Judgei Norman r .. Kit
trill. ,,rinwrly Mli. )unr't of Huntsville.
King Retsmrns to Cowes.
LIunlin. Jan. 2 .-King Fdward. Ps.
cortid ly a squadrin of horse guard
and aii-uuillnie-il by the iluke of Yiork.
Pri nie- Christian if i-Iileuwig-Hilsteiii,
duki- of Saxei-obtui1g and Gotha and
others left Marlisriugh Honusi at I1
o'c-liw-k yesterday morning for (:..w.".
Murdered Twenty Mee.
Phueuix. A. T.. Jan. 2.5.-At Naeui,A.
T., i-iott White arrested (.ornelins Pes
ajuern who hau been suinght after for
many v imouths. He is wanted for kill
iug three Mexica ns iii Dragoon monn
tmind reiwently. Peasquera. it is said, haa
a rerord of hating killed a -aore of men.
Laber Agitater- Arrested.
Earlington. Ky.. Jan. 2-.K-Three non
resident aitataura of the United Mine
Workers, who took part in the machine
demonstration aear ('arbindale maines.
and also the attack on the sheriff'
pct were arrested at Noirtirnill. am
pla-d aa4der bad.
4)11! in . I j hIhpI~rltd
rlhe (lun" il Ili i Ita~niI,:nnt lWaa ths
the 4 hiazet of I;~lb r-j,.. Pilotage J
amis t'eº. A ~ai 1.1t the 1&p
Latin of thu Port.
11~~~~~i miTi Ma t. St: " , 1, rth'xr
ha,", 1 r ""1* (Il Ip"ri iii ,in r. fti 1'n1'
jt ,L).. lul *t ,I"tn it nut r; H .' li'ur b
IiTh..r jr liara , huil a- a 11
ti "t , 1 'it lati r v f:L il ;tI 1ri." ts t oa Liut
*x itiav, n t~ r Itti .tli n:.jt t ~t4
Th. i hin atont zu ft'lr..l rh. . litht i Iii"tilt
'nit m'tntttM r Ii ihail , 'II I tin i~,nforina
tin tin rtl '.%h inrt" al l , inith4 by", fiu." "
* ta' c t 11-.i t. anad tin lr~tg .c'r f""i. p~. r
c"h tia t wic ii'. hjitbit k.iw. Mr. Rtttu
TI-. rtiiii,41tb of . -r1itb. tnIn" t.
I . 1 .nral 4. lnvuiJctlir th."rt alat-nt
em"" l lijb Sb, pru~.ni.l tha"""lt- and W)IL,
ptirhlibh i who) ,nhau i -rt ins. infon
tli I n~lwh r o il. nl a~ jbilb.blg, bu' fin*r
jtbtthu th,"rt" artal. a trth fnllt lrlt" ani
thr g..k tip ii lbhukt" tibnttitt~r Witb~i lt{ Wtp
t h ,ra i s n e i nl n .t b p bri t a" . t~ i b " " h r w r , - i " a l 4uIi a . w r t a / a n
I ;atbi tbtI ,("1 t, p.it*"that th' liirs' wsr. tru
at,' h bIt. bjarl.b toha arny b-lit. thi 4.
Minn.. tat ibi" War triv.l was truthful ad
THE SILVER BILL.
Hill's Meaqure Reported Favorably by
fihe Hionse Commuittee.
Washington, Jan. '5..-By a party
vote (Of 1 tie n the' IhIua.4- erommit+tev 11nI
coinage has ord"red a favorable repo;rt
on the hill of Rijpreotiati ve Hill of
(Co:aunectieut, "to maintain the silver
dollar at a parity with gold."
The bill is it, follows:
"He it enar-ted. et''., that the secretary
of the treasury is hereby authoria'd tbe
('ill the' silver holl1in purchased nuder
the act of July I N. I )t, into such de
nominations1 of subsidiary silver coin a4
he may deem nece.'4ary to meet public
requirelents and thereafter as publhn
neeessitiis may demand, to reroin silver
dollars into inbsii3iary coin, and rs
much of any ants as ffxes a limit to the
aggregate of 4ubsihliary silver outstand
ing anld is much of any act an direst'
the coinage of sul leurtion of the bullion
purlhaxtdf l under the at of July 14, IiN),
into standard silver dollars is hereby
repealel.
"The *ecretary of the treasury is here
by directed to maintain at all tru's at
Inrity with gold the legal tender silver
dollars remaining outstanding: and ti
that end he is hereby directed to ex
change eldl for legal te'nder silver dol
lars when presentel to the treasury in
the sum of Vi or any multiple thereof,
and all provisions of law for the use or
maintenanee of reiseirvei fund in th.
treasury relative to Ulnited States notes
are in the discretion of the iecritary of
the treasury hereby made applicable to
the e-chan'l Iof legal tender silver dol
lars.
1. lIieietlgate Nhubonr Plague.
Ann Aric'r, 'Mich., Jan. 2. -Prof.
Fredeeriek i. Nivev of thei I *iive'r.ity
of Mi ihigee. left WeNi'ednday night iii
the ineixirtant miiecion for the United
States. {,' goes in all icec-aibile haite to
('alifrniin to incet igate the likelihiec
of iMinheiii ilpietnue. or hieek dlenth irc'ak.
ijg nut thi-re aitil if uchli bIn the ei)L.i t,.
ilictitute e'iveiy rephre...iv' iccee.ure that
1. known to ili"lei,"i .cirencet.
Wreck Near Hig Sprinrgs.
Big tjpring', Trex., Jam. i3.--Fiaqt
Ixmnd frright train No. 9r2 if the T'xas
and P iche'ei r lished with we etllul
trail No. 191 at Met,.. NO niihi, wie.t of
here. junt as N. 91 wa. entering tte
ailing hae ing order, to meet at that
pciat'. Thf eeginci of !r: ernhed inthu
the car. of III about tihl midi~dle. ha~ll
%ie'king tihl'e ,"gihie entwii oert lniig
se-I. ;el , iir.. 'i'h," tiricemaic way killed.
F:,«ereos. Fredc rlek's ('Condlltlo,.
fiu iihe,:g. .Tae . 2.. -The ieenilitiee of
the I )wace.r Ecccoeree'. Freehe rick ien.
tilllite- =ttflt.. torv. atlI -l e . ihc. i not
sufN'erceh luily lei'i hIt thif ei- d»" not inll
ply imllprove el 1 I we ver, her nnIj.
-tv . -i orrciH ilt l ccci ernial ic .. owing
to ihe death of I le qne'Ia1. has e bene
borne with ccnnustratitl'v fortit.n(In.
Had Lost His I1 cney.
El Pasc. Tex.. mau. 23.- W. An.
der-.en. a formiler iemieloe of a SMcuth.
ern Pacitit. .hct himee.elf thro ni the
head with a riftl at his residceuerer.
He died at the end of abecut ha% i
hour. [)c'a-'c'nd had recently invest.
his nmone1v in a hn-ine'.i enterpries Mall
locst it.
Perished Ia a Mardteame.
Trondesjern. Ncrwav.Jan. 15 -Thirty.
fie' pwerenme perished in a hurricane :a
Horre. Jan. 22. Sixty hoats were sunb
in the harbor acid eight hnutes blows
away.