RUINS OF ARIZONA.
GREAT AMERICAN DESERT ONCE
1 EMED WITH PEOPLE.
uituhlemu \'nndnllqm I- I)v.troylng
and ('nrtiIug way Prirclhm. lpec'l
tnen--Anclent llmtory of America
Shrouded In D)ohlt.
PHI Ix. l . T.. I.,-c. lI.- hol1 A.rnmer
lf.n .x rt pro.,. an ar a i.',l",i-t who
will (lo for our pr,,hi.tlri. citi ls w hat
S.hliimiann (1l, for 'Trroy I! Is in south
er1 .Arizona that hit will fin1 hiis most
frj tful fi.ll of ro"suroh. But h. must
ap[n r loon, for ithi v:andalls ar, and
ias- ,,,;n at work for : lonu tine., and
whuat lre ,iri.i l.ily Ih, onl..t of .A ,,'ri
can rilll], a0r I ni f 'l'rie-.1 fllSa. y pt, .
.anl. Ilil7,.rti, their inn.·iiies 's,Iility
ha; lr'.ti-ctuI th'rn. Iut with thl, In
t'r,."n-'l nE,3i'a of traivl ' liharn; l,''* rd'
a hlr,, I of rllthl.ss, i.i unsk iI'I. iu,.ei(,n
ROCK FORMATION ALONG ARIZONA RAIL
titlc relic hunters and amateur ar^bhe
ologists, and they are earting away and
scatterlng broadcast prehlstoric weap
ons, utensils, Jewelry, skeletons and
pottery that should he secured by na
tlonal statute from their profane touch.
r The mystery of long dead ages and
peoples broods over much of south
wesetern America, and the tale of its
prehistoric peoples is not even guessed
at. Evidence there is, however, in
plenty that this region was once Iphab
Ited thousands of years ago by a dense
population of skillful and Intelligent
farmers. They left behind them traces
of their agricultural ability In the
shape of Irrigation works, with canals
and water gates. In many parts of this
country also have been fuond agricul
tural implements. Pottery abounds,
together with polished woods, stones
and shalls and finely woven cloths,.
showing coclusively that manufacture
was not unknown In America thou
sands of years before Columbus sailed
from Rpala.
There is evidence that southern Art.
sons once held in place of the frontler
towns that now dot Its surface no less
th4n 14 alwblglnal cities, with popula
tions ranging from 10.000 to 75.000. By
all standards of archaeological research
there could scarcely have been less
than balt a mllUion of people here. This
io probably far below the real number.
for doubtless many traces of these
primitive people or peoples have been
Inst. There is probably no region of
the world, not even exceepting the sites
at famed hibstoric cities, that would so
richly repay seleatlc tnvestigation.
The remains of the large itles Hle in
s plaln between the Salt sad the Gila
rivers. The plain'is shook 45 miles In
ovary direction nd Is over.rown by
the rank deaert growth. The presence
at te hbourm underseath the sell Is .n
diated by meond manly behdreds of
them. of varytsg shapes, Tkey very in
height fem use foot to about 25 Bra
_ay pottery, the temnseIs of the ancient
people, lies scatterd around, ready to
be picked up and sold to the tourist as
souvenirs. A trade hba grown up in
elies of these prehbistorie people, and
they bid fair to be scattered far and
wide, beyond the hope ft redemption.
iverybody takes a band at It and goes
forth to dig up something old to sell to
the tourist from the east.
In some parts of Arisona bowilde,
and stones Inscribed with b.leroglyph
bare been found. The prehistoric rates
evidently knew how to communicate
their thoughts Ia writing, but It Is an
open question whether moderns will
ever be able to read them. The origin
of these prehistorle peoples may re
main forever clouded In mystery and
doubt. though scieetists who have ex
amined the ruins advance various by
petheess. Of positive evidence outside
of the ruins themselves there is little
or sone. It Is bid that the Chinese
claim that one of their explorers found
ed a colony on our side of the J'aefic;
but. on the other hand. the Indiana
have traditions of a "bearded white
race." And the Chinese are neither
prbite nor bearded.
The United States has been culpably
negligent of the Arizona ruins. While
Iuropeso nations spend vast sums on
Investigating every trace of their an
cient history we have done little or
othilng to throw light upon a past that
jrobably extends farther back than
that of any other people. Visiting ar
teraologists from Germany and other
ionatries have expressed surprise that
She United States should allow such a
lrtille SIed of research to lie fallow.
Several years ago somebody had a
spasm of virtue in ths sapect. and the
antus of a temple at Casam rande
prere preserved for future generations
by creMing a national r'. rv'atloe
around them. At least as t should
be done for the reatsna of tlhe prebis
sorle eities to save what is left of their
inek from the ruthless band of the
anudisle who are rnapidly despellng
them. The supply . relis eanet ntL
aIru,. _ Caa.. 3. Boamom,.
Tweotietb
n Certury
nCook.
"Arr:ah, thin,. yezt z'll after tgettin
anotber c-o-; !"t '
The last wordl ended ii n ashrill howl,.
followeud by the 'r:nsh oi fallini ditsh s.
Mr. BIroiwneIi Il/k.d 'r. s t he tafhle
iat his wif'-. :nii she, in tiurn. fixed her
eyes on her pihtre. O(ut in the kiltchen
Msiw Anast;usia uns ialing Btridizet's
attention tto the fact that the breakfast
was not onlly late, but Ipositi 'lyv utniat
able. Miss Ana:stsit wai:s apablei
housekeeper. She had run thinis for
her brother previious to his IIniarrii'ing.
end nlow the younIIg ('couple found hllier
absolutely indispensablee. She ca(ne to
the disor with a ra:ther set face.
"I've distlmissetd lridgE t." shte an
nounced, with her custnlmary calmnunea.
ii
1
AW, ~iC
Tr. ',. wuu AU. a.oW.
Mrs. Browne gave a cry of dismay.
"Where shall we find soother?' she ex.
claimed.
Anastasia drew herself up with dig
aty. "Leave that to me," she said.
"The state of affairs in that kitchen
was something awful. Now. I have
had enough of unedueated emigrants.
I am going out in the kitcben to get
Iyou two some coffee. and tomorrow,
SAlexi, you will and a new maid to
charge."
On the stroke of 10 Miss Anastasia
aentered the ogtes of the Educated Cook
Ladies' Union. She was met by an
austere !emale, who put to her qn
tios as to bar age. whether she we
single or married, her brother's bus
ana, annual Income, number of chil
dream and ageabr of animalsU in the
bouse, number of evenings and after
moons on which company was enter
StaIned, etc. After these had been aa
'wered satisfactorily she was dismiss
ed and told that a member of the or
ganisatlon would call in the evenlng
at 8.
Promptly on the stroke of the hour
Snew maid appeared at the Brownes'
apartment Bhe was small and wiry,
with a businesslike look and a deter
mined eye. After she had given her
name as Mary Flint and answered a
few questions Miss Anastasia asked,
with her customary politeness. whether
she was satistled. to whieh Mary Flint
answered, with dignity: "I bwehng to
the Cook Ladies' Protective union. We
have investigated your character and
that of the house, and we find both
proper. The hours of work, as you
have no doubt been Informed at the
union. are from 7 In the mornlng until
8 at olght, with fronm 2 to 4 n .the aft
ernoon for my sewing and other per
sonal matters, and the time for my
meals deducted making it practiCally a
ten hour day."
"YTes. so I have nnderstood. The new
way-honusework to be put on the same
plane with other labor-is an excellent
idea. I believe In it myself." comment
ed Miss Annstasia. "Now. you will
come tomorrow in time to prepare
breakfast"
"At 7." the new servant corrected.
"Ahem! At 7," repeated Miss Anas
taisla.
Next morning on the stroke of the
hour Mary Flint put In her appearance.
Her frst act after Inspecting the kitch
en was to take from her pocket a small
and neatly printed card, which she
tacked over the stove. after which she
commenced, operations. It was 9 mln
utes after s when the Brownes came to
breakfast. and they found It all neatly,
laid out for them-stone cold. Miss
Anastasia rang the bell for Mary. who,
aftet listening quietly to wbh:t she bad
to say, asked her to step Into tihe
kithenbe and read the card over the
.stove. It proved to be a `schedule of
the Cook Ladles' union, and in plain
l ttsM was writtes:
IHOW the Brownes #
* Tried n
an Educated
Servant.
" 00i l'rra:kf:.t pit on talle..
M iss \n tt ija dlilI it *il, to roiId
, n ' ore, but I r h, t"ld I 1 I t l rint hler
S Siti ." d e ii i l'i, "If A rid.titt li rI, i th,
, ednrl'ted Whr, w', m111t II), on finii"
( for lolr iniu .s." Ard little, iir 111r twnll
a 'retdl with her. NI r. I \\-i to suitI
e n llilll.g I ll, liut e klly th hi l co ld IIlort
r toes
r ,-orktlid w\lli a degree of Itl ýry V ui hiti h
o Ras wvorlderfll l to Ihlllll. .\ft-er i
itolen look itat the i en i Irs tlr twlie
stilf %is An stasia sout1 e'1 thems'f1 elves"
ltrio'k of hlia pal t I1' nit w"I , re
S. ,'sIho I t l l Ii ,'Lr. ' , I \'1 li n11111
astainh, lih r oi ith ft ll l1f :I piniar liular
ly ailth'' rzing conrno"tilon
T'i'un'ti:Illy nt 2 l, I if, lihen wnas
llan ulni 'ils, rt-itdq. A r Ifi at In her
room atewiing. 'Thrie dootlll ran:i lonl'e,
tu ic. t, tihr'i t l lae. Nol tlni' er. t 'rs.
"Mary." shle allhldl, "Hlllunl one at the
door!
"I heg pardon," can", the polite nn
Iwer., "'llt you, forget that froni 2 to 4
arir my free hoIiur."
Tlhere Intis nothing for Mrs. Browne
to dlo hlut openi te door h(rself. At
half past 3 the \Vain Twillors called,
and at a quarter to 4 ihinlsle Bender
dropped In for n little chnt.
"Yonl w:ll ilave to liii' another girl
to nnswer the doorbell in the nfter
noon." commented Miss A nstasia.
"Ttuit where shall we put her In the
flat?" Inqiired Mrs. ,Browne anxiously,
"anid I'm afraid Alexis can't afford to
keep two servants."
'When Mr. IBrownte canl. home. he
hroiuglht with him a enlliege friendil to
whoso ohliety Anastasian wa by no
neans averse, on she lew to put on
her llost charming gown. Now, the
dinner honr on the schedulle was (I. and
little Mrs. Browne. foresetIng that
there would he sonime d,'b v. was much
afraid ltet lthe experllmnil of the cold
breankifat woulild he re;,r:lttedl, so she
sneeaked Into the kite'll and by ca
jolery and bribing pernsuladed Mary to
delay the soup somewhat. Therefore
It was thanks to her that when the
family arrlved at the table a trill, late
(It lacked one minute to hilaf past 6)
the first course was birought on steam-,
ing bot. Everything was well cooked
and correctly served. Miss Anasntania
was at her heat. and the friend was se
rlfosly considering many things as he
g.zel at her betweeu moutlhfuls. Aft
er the mslad there was a pause. No- i
body notlced It at first lbelause every
iL olir was chattering and havlung a good
4ime. Itwldenly rlMr. rltowne exclaim
ead: "De-ar met Why duesn't Mary
a bring on the salad r"
SMiss Anastania rang. No answer.
She excused herself and dislappeartd.
She found the kitchen silent anld do
erted. It was spothlesly ueat Every
I \\
A W9 OMINO e THo IS?
pan and dish bad been washed 4ad put
- away. The stove shone like a mirror.
1 The clock ticked away cheerfully, and
the hands pointed to 8. Miss Anas
tasla's cheeks girew pal as she gave tf
hasty glance at the card back of the
o stove. It read:
""7 tCO - Wash dishes and clean
* kitchen.
"'8., --Retlre."
g The Brownes now have a Japanese
servant. He is an immigrant and un
' educated. but he salaams to the ground
f every time be meets Mrs. Brownse or
* Miss Aasstasia. and be does Pot work
on schedule time. MAT.ti loanI oa.
An 1on0es WOmanS $tOIy
The te.simoniais published from users of Wine of Cardui are honest narratives written without
solicitation Irum us. Mrs. Ray is only one cf thousands of good women whose ttstimonia's are on file
in our office. Thev writers are all living people who are rejoicing in health after knowing th'ne pangs of
;uffering. l;ith wstch testimony as Mrs. Ray's before you. can you with justice to yourself neglect to
take Wine of Cardui for those torturing ills which are making your li.e as unhappy as her life ws ?
Why not sc'ure the same relief as she secured ? All druggists sell $1.00 bottles of Wine of Cardui
WINEo CARDUI
Ozona. Texas, Sept. 4, 1899.
I have beer. ;c:k more than two ycars with womb trouble. I ache all over, have terrible pains in my
back, also in my `.eart, neck, shoulders, side, head and am never well a day. My menses come very irregu
larly and painfully although they appear every month, and last from six to seven days. I keep a boarding
house and do all the cooking myself. At times I am so bad of: I have to lie down. I have had two doctors
treating me bat they did me no good, so I wish you would study my case and let me know hether you can
cure me.
Mrs. Ray "ached all over and was never well a day". You cannot possibly suffer worse than she.
She had about given up hope of ever enjoying good health again when she ws; .ured by WINE OF
CARDUI. She was so grateful for her delivery from suffering that six months after, when she was a
cured woman, she remembered her debt to Wine of Cardui and wrote the following testimonial,
Ozona, Texas, Feb. 28, 1900.
I now write to inform you that I am entirely cured by your Wine of Cardui and Thedford's Black
Draught. Mrs. RUBY RAY.
In cases requirlng special directions,. address, giving symptoms. "The Ladies'
Advisory lDepartment", Thn Chattanooga Medicine Co.. Chattanooga, Tenn.
r
Low Rates
TO THE
Old States
(via the Cotton Belt).
Tickets to the Old States will be sold over the
Cotton Belt, December 20th, 21st and 22d, 1900.
Return limit, 30 days.
Ask your nearest Cotton Belt Agent for any infor
mation you desire for your trip He will tell you the
exact cost of a ticket froom your place. what train to
take to make the best time and connections and aid
you in any other way he can.
B. W. L5BAUME, A. S. DODGE.,
e W'I P ma 'r and Ticket Agent, General Tramle M anager,
BT. LOUCI, MO ST. LOUIS. MO.
" N ACCOUIT OF THE
Texas Fruit, Fh wer and Vegetable Festival,
I F C} M BIE 10-15, 19'0.
PRINCE OF rO 7L U OH SPEBTACULAR PARADE
,, 'J ueeday. D.cen i er 11, and
FLOWER PARADE "
Sl hubdby, Dtcember 13,
AV HOUBT 'IOlý.
The H E & W T Rv, and H & . R R, will sell round
trip tickets to Houston. Decemoer9th to 14th inclusive at
low excursinn iates. Gooc returning)Dece , ber 16 h.
The "Gulf Air Line" has recently inaugurated double
daily't rain service betw~ en Houstin and Shreveport.
For furtber information relative to rat' s, dates of sale,
nit a, tra ins, etc. cadl on local ticket aoent, or address
W. Li TAYLOR, WM DOHERTY,
OG.P.A. A. C. P. A.
TO TdE PUBLIC:
You are hereby notified that I will
keep open
Night and Day:
Except Sunday, and will deliver
Paints, Oils, Varnish, Wall Paper.
Etc., at any time. I have determ.
Ined to keep in the lead and don't
you forget it. Ring Phone 88.
.,,-WELLMAN
...CHEFIP RRTES
SIouslONEAsT - Wsl TEXAs RAILWAY
S'.)FFER8 THE BEST SERVICES
AND CHEAPEST RATE3 TO
.i. ALL SOUHTWEST TEXAt
STaylc:," Temple, Austin, San Antonio,
SN 8 MELDRUM, ,,WH TAYLOIR. 1 DOHERTY
GeV Mgr. O F'&PA &G PA
For sale.
FIX klV I A( RIE LOr8. 1 Z TEN
ACRtH LOTS, IN FAlI "I+; D AD
DIl .
Special nd seem ats 'o home btck ,)r.
A M H1.0 IIH ,U IN.
Coffee
Always Fresh
Always the
Best.
Roasted and Ground
Every Day,
all At
FRANK'S RESTAURANT
......n the....
SIMON(EUILiINC(.
For a cup of )ellicious Coffee.
Regular Meales--Breakfast 6
to 8. Iianer 12 to 2 pm. Sup
per 5:30 to 8 pm. Short or loer
at art hours.
J. BUCCOLO & CO. Prop.
FRANL RACCICI,.Maaager.
Publile School Ordnance.
Oa motloo of ~Direoter Ge dete e, the
following ordla. :e was ado, *'d by the
board:
Be at resolved ty the Board of Slbool
Dttelors of the parheb of Uaddo in regulla
St sessioe, that this olty of Shreveportto
hereby oreated sehool distriot N 1 (one) of
CI ddo partseh.
e That the oundaries of said soohI die*
t tot No I shall be the boundary lineseof
e, tis Oety of Shreveport so deslgated by
4ot he Ib' of the aote ot the General
Assembly of Louisiana of 188.
The toregolng is a trele eztraet from the
A. minutes of otober 6, 1900.
J ENMTr BHEPHBID, I
Presdent.
J C MONCURE, Secretary.
October 14.
SIUO(IlS8ION NOrIOM.
No 67tle.-Flret Dse'rlet4 tast of Lous
lans.-b-coemetoo of Sea srn Neaves.
S4tate of Iaoulslan, Pariah *1 Ceddo.
Nuttoe st hereby ives t3Lt 1imon Herold
has this day applied to be app.- atled
admlnlstrator of said suecesslon, and
u. I. as opposition be made thereto within
iue time specifled by law. be will he
pproinoted as prayed for.
Witness the Honoratle A D Land, Judge
I said oourt, this 2d day of November,
1900.
J H LEV Y, Deputy Claek.
Nov S.
Saving Oeosit.
Merchalnte canel V'tmrlt;h '.",r ;
Corner 4Spt:n* a nl lL,, I,
Street, Nhrevepori ir.,
rhe saving deposits of the b., I .' o?:
Its deserveaov popular feabore,. ide:.e.
at the rate of three per cent per arti at,.
allowed on all sums of one dolsw*vaa. api
wards rewdmaing on the ca'end:a b~a .
more calendar months.
When made during theC rst tb w .' .A
of any month, Interest is allowed on the
y deposits as If made on the first day&~' h e
month. Interest on all some not wltua
drawn will he payable on the flrst daye.,r
February acd August, and interest no.
then withdrawn is added to the principal
thereby giving depor itors comipeun
lnterest.
S Deposts may be mada by married wo
men or minors, In their own names
Faolities are given depoelsitors to draw
money.
Depolte made for a eogerperisd thae.
Slix months draw a higher rate thai ordl
A nary avlasle dbe "