N. 1i. F. DOLL, Jr.
Broghan-Doll FurnitureCo.
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
DEALERS IN
MATTINGS LENOLEUM, RUGS, MATTRESSES Etc.
most complete line of LadIr W'riting Desks and Dressing
Oak. Birds-eve Maple and Mahogany. Upright and Mantle
an ornament to any parlor or sitting room.
-on to call and ee our line before hlying.
OMPT ATTENTION TO COUNTRY ORDERS.
'y and Design...
Indispensible in Furniture and
ICES TO PLEASE
position. I can guarantee satisfaction
ALL THREE. Can furnish your house!
plete (excepting kitchen). The Newest,
t, Neatest Goods in town.
STEPHENSON, HEARNE BUILDING.
DREYFUSS & CO.
WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
Boots, Shoes and Hats.
SPRING AND CROCKETT STREETS.
ITENTION TO COUNTRY ORDERS.
ERMAN LOEB
DEALER IN
I, Tallow, Beeswax, Furs.
'STREET, NEXT TO V. S. & P. RAILWAY.
SHREVEI'ORT, LA.
=selers the best prices obtained in St. Louis, New
veston and Houston markets. Prompt returns.
DLI' 1MG. CO. [TD.
Dealrs i n All Kinds of
uce, Field and
en 'SeesCI.
YLEPOtRT STP.AA BoITLINO
IT-EVEPOT STEAM
P AQTogY.
as 4et, $tsrvevport, La.
k"
AJ
Ifmezial printing #: value, we arc rea~y
a dibg g.shoud;bear"iniia
3l k ets, fold 4' railars.: car-ds, biill ~as
rthm wý4$ ca tit printed : :: ~i
Sbaer1 ,takjWing oauton h ti
+1 ~d f i crls. ~4,ay or com~ons
0'0
TALMAGE
SERMON
By Rev.
FRANK DE WITT TALMAGE.D.D..
Pastor of Jefferson Park Presby
terian Onurch, Chicago
I'hintao. .inn. 1 1. vigortols de
nrr.:eution, of at eornion and inisc~hie
vols disposition is liltttl by le1. V. De
Witt Talrmage in ihw lIlo w ing sermon
on the text Proverbs vi. :l;t. ".IJalousy
is the rage of a main:
What does rage si tily7 Itighteous
Indignation? A (aliu. dispassionate ar
rai nm(nt or acstigatio i? A denunila
tion, jldiciousIly painned mil yet over
holliungly and seatl in:tly delivered, as
whvlin Edmund iBurke e posed the mis
deeds of Wa rrtn Iinst iii:s i, tIhe fa
mrons trial at \Westmsinster?! \ riblke
such as .tesns eayve to ith 1'h:risees,
who hurl dragged :I poor, hielpless.
friindlets. sinifutl womian to his feet,
when iie turned and said to Ie aeiis
erts. "Lt hil iltt is without sin east
the first smoie at her?' Is age ii i rly
a mild Boni nstraunco :[I earnest :.ud
yet eni i oxp-t-i1itio nit: hortatory
:iuhnonition.t I lhistii n iii ritals and giv
en Willi the hily desire to save :Ind ret
dei inI the ii 'sta who htis siined or ia
into tin ally isirdl le Nlii r11t:,o, i h, ta o'
IRage is Iii :1 wvell (iii usell ensure.
thrge is unrtbriiled fisitly:Is: iigis a fierce,
wild. all I melit' IIIntftitiery 1' si f l horn
ino at l 11e, heiarg nonly muicd isge is a
l+ost sahino t i dc tt I ie vitals of all trie
1010; :Ip in a t:l k-oicionnelst shat
st{"ring evil-- :-: rred shrine of the intel
leet; rage is nenity, a deingeorest
of noIi aftal nitiisn it is no unri(a
sonatle and ossin soning frtsauzy glory
iof in abclasud hallcan llatioos. page's
thronfroaou is, icadhouse; rage's eou-t
lis ire the inahaitants of a ahawhero
of horrors: rage's only husic is the eoh
oint tarieks and sIts of the eternally
lost and of the destroyed who can nero
Nowt as rage is nothing aore nor less
than it fatal umonournnuia whieh van
tabe possession of the hearts and minds
of its victimse I cael Well compare the
evils of jealousy, Which is the rage of a
man, to the actionsof a madman whom
I once s lw chained to the seat of a
railroad train., lBehind this seat I'rode
for many miles on a journey from De
troit to Washington. It was one of the
most awful days I ever spent. As I
sat In the train reading, the ofhaers of
the law dragged up the aisle a great,
strong limbed, powerfully framed, half
breed Indian. He had a noble brow
and a masterful face, bat his eyes were
like burning coals. Ilds white teeth
gleamed like the molars of a wild
beast. This madman was a graduate
of the Carliole school. s e was also a
gOaduate of one of the noted law
schools- of the country. He had been
as a lawyer the representative of tus
tribea tghting for the land which was
righteously theirs. In order to still kin
eloquest volcre the courts of the
law somne of the squatters upon that
Indian land determined th kill him.
One dagk nightt with a luab. the would
be murderers struck him upowa the
head. Alas, they did worse than -
assettateash man's body. They wreck
e his brain. And there he was, tug
ging at the handcuffs which linked his
Wrists to the Iron car seat and making
the air sulphurous with his flas
hemieg. h Like a dog foaming with
Hydrophobia. bte was snapping at his
fat er's tingers, while the latter aas
trying to feed him. He was threaten
lug t o kill the+ passengers. Re was on
sis way to the National iT'sne asylum
lt ossht tton. Ah I tat behvr d thied
arMt adatal tour after hour andb ptled
als ough thi'awu tesetr aiaerln Sin.le
The RvIl Sptirt.
Maddening jeaiqusy would do troy
etry successful riva who miht stand
hi :Jt pray. It is the evil spirit which
-&us; eyes fash tire when he
a Jpreiln and buried it at
£ head, merely because the
of his kingdom had &reeted
the returning warriors with-be song,
"aul has slain his thousands, but
,avid his ten thousands." It is the
spirit which made the $reich genefals
betray the shepherd girl. Joan of Are.
into the 'hands of the Engish. so that
she shoinld be burned at the stake in
the stteets of Rouen merely because
she had Won victories they could never
here achleved. it is the spirit which
made the Spanish courtiers compel -Co
numbis to die in obscqrity and sent Sir
Walter Ealeigh to the block, It is the
evil spirit which made Charles H.
Spurgeon and Rowland Hill hated by
some of the loadon ministers of theirarr
daty and which made Harvey and Jen
uer .and James V. Simpsoni encounter
teir grestost opposition from jealoto5
uten of their own ;profesion. it Is the
prWt' which ode Voltaire denounce
}Za buard d'Arnand and which seat the
hbi' o: Aaron Burt straight through
the 'iri of Alexander Hamilton, Jeai
QuytA the heart produces strange he
ueltiadnlt htktms. The jealout
ia feeb that the success of another is
Sn sope way a robbery of thiself. The
jealons p9t eian will not support the
ontinee o his party because he want
d the *ominatlninhiself2;tzhe jealos
aern ceitnot rejoice that another
flg0Sn hs sated a< cripple if re has
never,? te @sratlao himnnat;
the :el~ iantrete :at.
woman wr guccesas in any department
of life than many jealous, unsuccessful
rivals become beside themselves with
rage. As a monolnaniac may be ra
tional on every subject but one. so the
jealous man may be lair and just an
every question. but he absolutely in
sane and unjust wvhen the works and
lives of his successful ivals are Sis
cussed. If you are a jealous ulan, yols
will turn upon them all your batteries
of scorn and denunciation. Tots will
magnify their faults anti goat liver
their imperfections, you will loathe
them with an unutterable toathing. and
when, on aecount of your unjust eriti
*-isms. you may have, *ivertlil)nfw a
siceessful rival, you. as a je:lous maun,
will join In the Iandemoniun of a de
monisieat joy in whiiilh all the evil spir
its of the infelroe joies in the chorus.
You will gleefully emini your hands an1
shout: 'XAha. wve have sestroyed him!
We tiave destr~vied the man who hias
dared to standl li our way,.
The sure4s Way So *uaeee.e
B1lt, though jealiolls luesi and11 WOUlCe
may try Io trip U16 the *1l11inerS. wilo
thiey feUr Illay pass tieiml ill life's rlace
yet the strange Net rsliiaills uthat the
surest way of winning i11i prizes of
sulceiS is not by les1ro(ing good Ilien,
but by Irying to helli tmill "u l :ong. How
did Villiau \l'i'Kinlev willn his great
51 c4es45 ill tue political w rblt? By dip
ping his pen in ,::ll'' I%" Itrying to
wihld ther exerutioutr's ::x *t" slander
:)Ju )ifamation :1114l 1:ole? 011. uo!
Williiim \1'Kinile 14454l4 his w5Vy into
the While IiliSe by trying Io help two
of his friends Ilah-re :aud by Irving to
help all his friends i n everv wiay lie
could. WChen in 1IS SS ke, Rrpublican)
coliveniol m et in C'hii ta . lr. 141M i n
ley velrt hiete at lie hliatl of the Ohio
delegation pledged fir ti- nomination
of iue granld 0h staiteSian of miIs
lirh1. 'ifter' : few hallots the Ohio del
.,45les found it wals inipossiile to nom1
inute' Mr. Shemnann As mnany intrnhlers
of that convention wanted dlr. M1Kin
ley.' his friends waited upon uim alul
offered hint their support. W iliiam nIc
Kinlley looked into the eyes of his
friends as he aniswred: ""( cutlemien, 1
came to this convention pledged to
work for the nominationl of .loln) Sher
nmin. Any 11nu who tries to nominate
me in his place is not my friend. Wil
liam McKialey's name 11 nder no condi
tion can be presented as a candidate."
The same scene was practically dupli
cated in the Minneapolis convention of
1892. Mr. McKinley went there pledg
ed to support Benjamin Harrison. As
permanent chairman of that conven
tion he again and again arose and pro
tested against the presentation of his
name as a candidate. He protested in
spite of the tact that the convention
was nearly swept off its feet at the
mere mention of his name. After these
two wonderful exhibitions of self sac
rifice on William McKinley's part all
doubt, If there ever was any doubt, as
to the sterling character of the man
was forever swept away. 'At the ballot
box of 1896 the American people said,
"If Mr. McKinley can be true to his
friends and his rivals, we know he 11l
be true to us." In all the writings and
speeches of William McKinley. deliv
ered or written during a public life of
more than thirty years. you cannot
find one word by which lie tried to win
success by wrecking the life of a rival.
He achieved success by helping along
every good man he could.
That tthe philosophy of the Golden
Rule is sound and that men help them
selves by helping instead of being jeal
ous of others is illustrated in the life of
Dwight L. Moody. What made Mr.
Moody in some respects the greatest re
ligious one muan power in the last cen
tury? His speaking ability? Oh. yes!
-believe he was one of the most con
vincing of spl I orators, but I also
believe that there were others of his
time just as geseat, If not greater. His
"organizing ability? Oh, yes! I believe
he would have been a master at the
head of a political 'ampaign or as a
merchant or even as a military chief
tain: but, though I. L. Moody may
have been a great organizer. I believe
there were others of his time just as
great. if not greater. 1ils great big
heart, into wich he could gather all
his lovedones? Oh, yes; Mr. Moody
had an affectionate nature! But there
are thousands of men who love their
families and friends just as much as
Mr: Moody loved his loved ones; but.
though many mwn may have excelled
him in individual characteristics, In one
respect I believe he was the peer, if not
the king, of them all. I do-not believe
Mr. Moody had one Infinitesimal parti
cle of jealousy in his makeup. Instead
of trying to focus all the attention of
the religious world upon himself he
spent most of his life in pushing other
religious workers to the front. The big
ger the man the more anxious Mr. Moo.
dy was to call public attention to him.
He hbought across the water Henry
Drummond and` John McNeill and F.
B. Meyer and G. H. C. .McGregor and
Campbell-3Morgan and many others. He
Invited to his own platforms the might
iest religious workers of his generation.
He placed them by his side as he said:
"Brother in Christ, win a mighty gos
pel victory. 1 am praying for you. The
bigger success you have the happier I
will `be."
Wby Moody Succeeded.
What was the lnevitr'de result?
When AMr. Moody tried to advance
these Christian workers, whom some
people might have called his rivals, he
*a4nced himself Into the hearts of
sinful men and women as well as into
the chief human leadership of the
Christian world. Many contemporaries
may have excelled him in individual
and -particular gifts, but in mighty,
alasterful leadership. In the fame and
eminence which will cause his name
to go down through the coming cen
turies as a Christian worker, in his in
iIuenuc upon the men of his day. Mr.
Jdy t od head aid shoulders above
All the Chriatlan workers of his thug.
e tbis ntable peeitioa becausge
setu~ atr ss artie of %iousy
In his makeup. Ile won it because be
tried to help his rivals instead of to de
stroy them. N. man ever successfully
built u temple of faine upon the ruined
folton..tiolls f61 ag .o. lman's life. The
javelin ef jenalous hate etas a ptoisoned
handle whiihli is more eltadly thi:it its
venomous tile. St will more surely de
stroy the life tii a ilanl who attempts
to hurl it than tli life of the 'ivn*
Malddening jioulous. will guake its
Sinfunt vitiiu tSui jtlm.ye his Best friends.
Rainly illtheti. sceiles are . aily wit
nesseti in (1@ Iil'aisei asylums *of the
land. but, to Sie, tl lt patients whIR are
tie he pitied the nitist are iht the. drivet
ang *'pileitics ir the men tutl w*neai
wvhose uiiluls ilav e'irunubleit inti. such
Suits luat they e-tn sit biout- after hltur
making .loi? dresses etat with glassy
efy's eai'antl3 staring for lays at 4
time at somei rack In the wall. 6 be
lieve the insanegatients who should be
pitiest the most are those whose @is
sase mi inds make n hem `liink that
their wives sir husitantls r parents or
silthlren or brothers am' sisters have
been untrue Io thetm. 1 pity the youint
girl wiht has gone tiad Ieelius' slit'
was jilted the night before her wetl
(liing .ituti whitt sits by the window con
tinuai ll. 6m nuncing thl" tsm~erv nt liver
ani the wonunm for whom he lr'ki his
vows. I pity that c:1 hi erat haired
mothitit i h t tOor iwie. t .i yclts has bii n
lilnshn'ititlig hes only soi hem t iie shtF
thintks he walnts to pui~un her'1 for her"
mti t. I pit' that ins:i c s ife wh
iw lil ilver allo t liir husl t ut l to enter
her tomi because she ihiitks he tit
lln fakl e to htier. .\i , thes' Ie r the in
sane pnti nunt iho ts it-(t IftO is h tities:
NIever (ldi lo:10 1 Fox ill Ws 1famou11s
"rook of Marl yrs" depict morie exeru
Winti(. Itois 1 ii' thait s'itle of those pool
instlaw wretches t aily shes r. t hllo inrol i
over the idea that their friedllis have
been turned into enanlies.
\clulch iiug tjelousya often iaseless,
is thlt 4"nuise of innintllerah~m (ic do estil
and social infelicities, m sinife mlisery
anike to its victim 1 r its abject. It
thakes the wife suspect tll'5 in shelsd
of w lanygdoing. It makes 1erl, husband
runseign the motives orl ations of his
wife. It is the eese of most of t'ie
quatries of lovers, which have wrecked
the happiness of many lives for time
and eternity. It lashes Othello into a
frenzy until the ueaseessous fingers are
clutcip g at the thronat of his innocent
wife and the suicidul knife has made
an end of the swarthy Moor. -It was
the cause of the horrors inl the last
earthly days of Ivan the Terrihle, who
In a fit of jealousy with anl iron staff
crushed In the skull of his eldest biri
and favorite child. It Is the heaving,
destructive earthquake which hats rock
ed to ruins thousands of famtily altars.
It has shattered many a domrestic wall
under the ceaseless bombardment -of
tempestuous denunciation and the irre
sistible flood of remorseful tears.
A Caeneless Frenzy..
The saddest part of these psune af
flictions, where men and women will
sometimes tarn upon their best friends
and brood over the idea that they are
untrue, Is that often their frenzied sur
mises are without any legitimate cause.
They may only be the strange halluci
nations of a diseased Intellect. Their
loved ones may be doing everything in
their power for their sick minds: they
may take them to the most expensive
of asylums and have for then the best
of physicians and nurses: they may
continually visit them and have their
roolis filled with flowers and have car
ringies always 4t their disposal. These
fricids may stint themselves and Inv
ish their money in every possible way
for the ccamfort of their weak minded
relations, yet these insane patlttits can
never.be persuaded that their friends
are faithful to them. Though husbands
and wives and children may le doing
.verything that can be done for their
happiness, yet they will keep on in
their ttpbraidings and fault findings
and denunciations until at last they
will drive those who are nearest and
dearest to them from their sides. No
impression will cause a husband to de
spise a wife quicker than the belief
that she distrusts him and will not
credit what lie says; no knowledge on
earth will send a young woman to de
struction sooner than the thought that
the man she married has tdropped the
role of a lover for that of a sneaking de
tective. Continual fault finding and
fatse ..cusations and frenzied distrust
and venomous sneers and multitudi
nous reproaches and sulky broodings
always defeat their own ends with our
loved ones as jealousy also defeats its
own aim in our treacherous dealings
with our hated rivals. 'TIh"rattlesnake's
fang is a poior receptacle in which to
store the honey of an orange blossoin.
The most virulent forms of madden
Ing jealousy can often be found among
thi old as well as aamong the young.
The superintenelentm of the great in
sane asylums will tell you that some of
their patients have been living in
-anrge'of their keepers for ten, twenty,
thirty and sometimes even forty or
fifty years. I remember. some years
ago, that I saw an old woman in the
Flatbush Insane asylum, who. I be
lieve, hr'd been there for neatly fifty
years. She thought she was the queen
of England. and she wore a paper
cornucopia upon her head for a crown.
She was there knighting her courtiers
and creating earls, marquises and
dukes out of the attendants and vie
itors, just as she did when first brought
into the asylum many years ago. So
we find that the evil flames of madden
ing jealousy can sometimes burn as
fiercely in the sinful hearts of men and
women i-lho have lived their twoscore
years and ten as in the hearts of the
young Wtho are just starting out in the
struggle of life.
Fatters and mothers and older men
and woaaen, I would not for a miFent
cast a slur on your past usefulhiss oa
belittle the respect which the ivorld
ought to show to gray hairs: but, hcn
.etly and frankly, do you not feel that
the ytag tflkl ought to have their
frat tessons of magnanimity from youn
When your time comes to go, would
Jon not gather that your sons aim
daughters should w'* a host your dye
ing hid a ill ieel that 11~'y Sa ve iost S
dear, hwlpfi4 [ri.,l th(ugs loe *het
shall he ,ald Itha yeo a l,.el , lv
eause yed1 are Aliginia 1itb ;1 w 1I
grip to ait that you -i): ,! .a&
Erindl. Vl shouilE it eelly I . t )illing
to live. but fots 4I41nub alsoa - 3, X i ii
to SetSve. Eviwy ,I4 & h .ii talh
*ry to help the yest..i neha Ii %o
cry Odd phrsieiaa shoul@ h" .,'.!,iv
$2nd his til(dica3l hookls to 1lb. \enia
4llysi3ualb :ed spea1 it a 43ono4 4 0n131
biua in the ieighltghao. 3i. &)',
lawy) r shtonhh 13' Slwilling to ;tit l3ia
fla vi'e4 Its the young V l 11}* :i XX V r,, .s"
told mtinlist('r Si. .Itn**ur:I sh. *11" ,111
Slillis'3t '. 1.' gtjelr 3 te . nyir ' o.
10t *ntly tY' propdel .it I.' h :*eY Eiate 5ee
lih ii4' ga) ie :4 sill) . 131)it %,.i1 -I 3)3)lt
also he pr.)ld 4f t h,' is 4 .th Ii i. p ts 11.1.
hlpel'd so30. ilia,, r I gu: optlimb33 *13.
dittlijit lb iglt I r1n1 I. I .!
flow e : i :ei ( c:1 ! ':1 3 33 3 ,3 , * !" t
th'tus.tls 3.5313ati 3 n : . l 3i
Ilea) Iii.
**n Lis it**- I«i a .".
persona l *-I1,4 .11 1,.,, - ,
reshut tti 3)ns.- (.':1, t ! on
dis3r'der'3 . Smo3 n,: ( n . . ! hl.
c'illy',l Lmv :1 f i 3 I n ; 1 (1" )t
1h i n 111 :!:} V .' i s u 't' i 1 , a 0 i3 : , "
3 til3e' Initt ite XX l 1. , I I 3 t.3 It 331 33:33
Lr: ii 1: . S3,ll. Ii it)) :' .l ,:;3 ,I it ,he
( i3 (("n of :I hbril13;11la t 4 ' c in: 1331 H 3I3'1@
: 3 mr I'X l :ill. 1 i,)3 4 1,11)r X\as
l' 1:311 1. niht 1333 tr3 u ( I }k :1 I0 )31l3:fl'5
cluil :111 part of his skunll \% ,,i t 1~ I\0i.:;e !, et r t o , d rive
nt~ o1:i3 :1e ;:11:. ý,: ;,,1 he tln.' liti!lw l t' i
'h,' r Ws t lt of, >iv l.xed litrt isnw
11133 s ll.' i a j S3.33 i:= s i' n tte'' I ( ' ,: :1 11
1e3strl 4:Ii3ses; so ' t :I1 l 1enin1 33. >3u 3sy
has a 44 ire t e4 luse. ''ll t spirit> l l ' ' ig
1(osi5 can he spelled in the one to)trial
1'rd of th 1're loIli'si. Its only .apse is
"sinh " The saint, 11111.1 of sin 3 which to
day tills our jails :in(1 reforim1 tory in
stitutions and lifts the haingan's
noose is tlhe fiendish. ad:tldening evil
against which, in his divy King SoIo
maon lifted his voice in protest.
Now, my 1rot4r1'1. as the ins(nity of
jealousy is (aus11l by sin. will yon not
come to that ('hrist wtho is willing and
able to take this; sin out of your1 life?
In the Bible we read that Christ wax
and Is able to make the t'vil passions
come out of a man. So great was and
is Christ's divine power in this re
spect that Luke tells us there was a
man aftlicte4S not only with one. but
with a legion or four thousand. devils.
This man was so goaded by this de
moniac possession that, though he was
bound in fetters of chains, he would
snap them as easily as a lion might
brush aside a spider's web. He was so
distracted that in his frenzy he would
tear off all his clothes. But when Jealis
spoke the word of deliverance the man
who was once Insane immediately be
came clothed and in his right mind. If
Christ could do all that for the insane
man of old, will you not let Jesus cure
you also of the awful insanity of jeal
ousy? Oh, my sinful friend, you have
hated men and despised men and found
fault with men long enough! Will you
not, here and now. by Christ's help,
learn to love men and try to help men
Instead of trying to destroy them?
By the noble example of Christ's life
today may we be led to exterminate
the awful sin of jealousy. Some years
ago a New York public school teacher,
whose scholars were mostly drawn
from the slums. carried into her class
room a beautiful white lily. One of
her pupils was a poor waif of the
street. Her clothes were soiled and
torn. Her hands and face were dirty.
The teacher thought she would please
this poor child by giviug to her the
beautiful flower, but instead of taking
It the young girl turned and ran out of
the room. A little later she ca1((e hack
with her face and hands washed and
then said: "Teacher, I lam clean now.
Give me tha 1)eaultiful flower." So the
sense of moral pollution oftet nxmakes
men shrink from (tccepting the gift God
is offering in tile person of his Son; but
it is because of that very pollution that
he presses his gift upon us. WVe ('an
not cleanse ourselves. but we canl pray
that he will cleanlse 111 and make us fit
to receive him who is 'the Lily of the
Valley, the One altogether lovely."
[Copyright. 19O0. by Louis Klopach.]
A Story of Andrew Carnegie.
A new and interesting story is being
told of Mr. Andrew Carnegie. lie was
walking along a country road not far
from Skibo castle when he came across
an old cottagci' busily engaged in put
ting a thatch roof on his cottage. lie
asked the man why he did not put on a
tiled roof and was todd that it was too
expensive.
"How much?" he cull Iv asked.
"Fifty potunds," ihi man replied. and
to his intense autItzaneInt and joy Mr.
Carnegie there a'nd thei( wrote hint out
a check for that amiouint. Going in
doors, he tol1 his wife the lews.
".Mon," she said scornfully, "why
dinna ye say £7,? t o an' tell him ye
made a mistake."
The cottager journeyed up to the cas
tle and was shown into Mr, i'arnegie's
study. lie explained that he had been
wrong about the cost, saying it woutl
be £25 more. The millionaire philan
thropist asked for the check back,
coolly tore it In pieces, and the dis
mayed and disconsolate cottager was
promptly shown the door.
Man's inhumanity to Man.
First Detective-liow did you man
age to get a confession from that des
perado?
Second Detective-Well, you see, we
traveled together by rail for 2Q0 miles.
First Detective-But what had that
to do with his confession?
Second Detective--I bought a cigar of
the train boy and gave it to him. After
smoking It he thought he was going to
die, so be told me everything.-Chicago
News.