THE CAUCASIAN.
Official Journal of the
City of Shreveport.
SUNDAY. FEBNUARY . 190o3.
SOCIAL EQUALITY IMPOSSIBLE.
We believe in one God, one flag, the
rule of the Anglo-Saxon race in Amer
ica--but social equality never.--Lafay
ette (Ark.) Recorder.
Social equality is impossible; it does
not exist among the whites and negroes
and never will. For instance, the negro
who has progressed in life, owns his
home and who is striving to improve his
condition, will not class himself on the
social plane of the nigger who is a hew
er of wood or a ditcher. The distinction
is marked. The white man. for instance.
who is a laborer, a common toiler, of
limited acquirements, will not pretend
to ape or associate with the man of high
culture and wealth, but he will be con
tent in his own sphere. Such a man
would feel embarrased and out of place
at a social entertainment where the
"bountons" would be at their best. The
social equality, that equality which wor
ries some niggers, may be accepted by
Roosevelt, but no sensible negro will
ever attempt to foist himself on or to
equalize himself socially with the white
man, until the white man shall equalize
himself with the nigger. In such case
the nigger having the advantage should
not hesitate, in a figurative sense, to
kick, and cuff the white man at will, As
social equality is impossible, so is armal
..gatation except in some instances, not
ably, in Northern States where niggers
and white intermarry. The African and
tte ;Caasi st are distintt opposites.
When a aiWge attempts to forece his
"001h ed s here it is undesired he may
eMipet oo be kicked out as unceermon
o awou be' a white man who
- inre himself *n company of
bwtqper in itMe wealth and so
mow. h Cautsian heig th:
Maus:
}~,
{ we~ll s~bbts
ýý° ' ra i&4te4 t t, mg:
_ i4k- *i '4t4 one i
* Miti·
1~fi IO
~ oPRi1&
presidential mansion are to give laws in
social affairs and morals to the rest of
the country, then association with ne
groes in ever i.o-i and manner is the
rule. X\'heth. - it \ ill he accepted with
,ut demur in tin Northern states re
irains to h ste l. No such manners or
miorals will bIc i(.'rated in this part i'f
the C'Olint ry.
Referring :, gulbernatorial candidates
the MLansfield Journal ayn:
"lhe names o(f Ex-LieutenanLt (Gov
ernor Sil der. Judge Blanchard and Sec
retary of State Michel are the ones most
prominent, and it may be that the win
ner can be picked from the trio. Colonel
Snider and Judge Blanchard are well
known all over the State. much better
indeed than Secretary Michel. but the
friends of the last named say that fact
will not count in tke round-up. It is
hinted that New Orleans will he behind
Michel, and if this be true, then the sec
retary will be a formidable candidate.
And Jastremski. \icLawrasou and
Broussard and others would deliglit to
get to the gubernatorial trrough for a
four year grand political feed.
The New York Times claim- that
Mr. Root is the first secretary ,f war
the country haahad "in liity years." and
to be "more specific" it explains:
"There has not been so good. meaning
so intelligent, a secretary of war since
Jefferson Davis, who was secretary in
the e.hinet of Franklin Pierce. precisely
half a century ago. =nd the memory of
whose administrati n lingered fragrant
ly in the minds of regular officers long
after the ciyil war in which he was the
'leader of the opposition.'"
The' Memphis Commercial Appeal
suggests that "If South Carolina will
hang her ex-lieutenant governor, as she
should, she- will do much toward the
abolition of hip-pocket artillery in the
South."
The `Boston Globe seems to think
wiere is' something 'remarkable in the
fact that.three German warshhips could
ot silence Fort San Carlos in three
i.ys yet theire are some women whom
- ith r ermana vv couldn't silence
uis foiy years.
THE LUCKY MAN.
The Sain Mining Company's Sack of
,ouk
h ack of Sour dated to the Gen
SO a dwhirch twas on ex
...ton in S ho widW of oen Holz
's o tor was Awarded by
sa c ined a $o told
.a 5 :Mr. O'Neal
::ned thfie a-*k of louri and the
' te i' the ladies who have had
aaemet o the fund realized
and wo ' Aoutk will again offer the
So . t.ouE'at the gold piece to a
leniti- 'pbli c Mr. Oneal's action is
F tm mmedable. To help the fat ler
l~s ia 't for which the reward
i t e fmted out I.n a glorious here
ales , -
and 'po-a e
. Yu.Mw"two-thirds ofi
i proet y owners with the con- 1
eyt c4 oe city ncouncil, and ex
is g " aos. barrooms, etc.,, at 1
hinti rescibed and pro
Bee itaodne by the city council of 1
Stt of Shrev port, in regular ses
sm, dthat from and after the
. nortttluation of this ordi
t it"- shall be unlawful to onen,
mai~ .in or operate .a saloon, 1
etc., i-n any rs:idence district
o ..:f thei. except upon the written
c ~o~:-two-thirds of the property
mim, or a radius of o~o feet, and the
4 r atl of the mulnei. provided sal
cos ad b.tCnoos, etc., now within the
presc$e 'anvd prohibited limits are
Yiap from the provisions of this or
tnance.
e it fuier ordained. that Texas
street .Texas avenue Mitam, Com
er. Market fro. Texas street to
oo street, Sprine from Travis to
C~sokett street Crockett from Com
merce .to Market street. and Louisiana
stteet from Texas to Milana. Marshall
*street from Texas street to Mitam
street, common street from Texas to
dilam. those portions of cit known as
Sti Paul and Silver Lake bottoms. be
mad' are hqrehy declared to be business
districts h ad that aloon6,. barrooms.
e., tokbe alowed without consent of
rotperty owners, and that thoroughfares
t a entitidned be dec!ared residence
bciEks and districts....
Jt It further. ordaiined. that whomso
ver .hal, offend against this ordinance
ftetid uron conviction before any
cmpeten' -court of jurisdiction not less
ata $ n -tor more'than Saoo, and ten
ivs ipitsonment, or both at the dis
io of the court, and in default of
i~the imposed ,shall : ork out the
a~ip.st lic-s streets and alleys or
thr*i. wurks. of the city at. the
. per dy f~ each day of labor
UERB S, Mayor.
rer.
- Tclo Secretary.
A l; N ANC
la at certin
streets and Texas road at Kansas City 1
Southern railway crossing to erect and
maintain safety gates at each of said
,treets which shall be closed by a keeper
at the approach of every train operated
over the 'sa!I.
Be it further ordained, that said safe
tv ga.e~ shall he placed on each side of
the auroach on said tracks. on all of
the f regoine named streets. That s:ld
saf*ty gate; shall be if the latest and
Iest device fr raising and clasing the
samnte, and in a form that will thorottouh
lt safeenard and check all vehicular
and f,., traffic from entering nn such
railway cro;-ints dluring the anoreach
anid nts.age of t'rain<.
Be it further ordained that the ra:il
way comp.anines shall place and erect and
operate said safety 'ates within ninety
days from the o'assage and promulga
tion of this ordinance, and that the
nmavor notify all railway companies tra
\-ersino said crossings of this requttire
mettt.
Be it further ordained, that in case
the railwa,'s fail or refuse to cotmt,'9
with the terms of this ordinance that
any engineer who shal loperate or run
a locomotive across said street intersec
tiont. satme not heing safeguarded as
aforesaid, he shall he deemed guilty of a
misdenttantor :and upon conviction before
any court of comnetent iurisdiction
shall he tinted not le-. than $2; nor
more than Silo. and that each day of
failure, refusal or neglect to comply
with this ordinance shall constitute a
senarate offense.
Be it further ordlained that this iordi
t:tnce go into efect within five ( ) days
after its passage and publication.
.\dopted by the fotl!ownig vote:
Ave-: llen. t Buhtey, Cotnger. Currie.
Dickson, t ost-!c. Jenkins. Ledhetter,
Lowenthal. Ouig:cs Rand. Stuytdr.
Thoman. Tusten.
Nays: None.
Jan. t. 1903.
ANDIREW\ (QLTERBFS. .Mayor.
C. G. RIV\ES. IComlptroller.
T. G. HAYES,
Auditor and ex-Officio Secretary.
Jan. 25, I0o3.
AN ORDINANCE
Naming February 22 in each year as
* Civic Day and providing for plant
ing shade trees on sidewalks from
November i to April t.
Be it resolved by the city council of
the city of Shreveport, in legal assem
bly convened, tha February 22 in each
year is hereby ordained as the civic day
of the city of Shrevenort.
Be it further resolved that all prop
erty owners whose property is on grade
shall plant shade trees in the space be
tween the curb of the street and the
concrete or brick snace of the laid side
walk 1That said trees shall be planted
not later than April i. an.Tthitin de
fault of said planting on or before the
Ist day of April next the street com
missioner shall be authorized to plant
the same and that a charre of fifty cents
per tree be collected from the owners of
the adjacent property.
Adopted Jan. _9, 1903.
ANDREW QUERBES, Mayor.
C. G. RIVES. Comptroller.
T. G. HAYES,
Auditor and ex-Officio Secretary.
Jan. 25. 1903.
'MARSHALL STREET CULVERT.;.
Sealed bids aife hereby invited for"
putting in culvert on Marshall strebti
as ner plans aid specifications on file in
this office. Said bids to be in the hands
of the comntroller by 6 n.m. FebruaryA
16. 19o3. A certified check for $5o to
accomnany each bid as a guarantee of
good faith.
C. G. RIVES, Comptroller.
Jan. 25, 1903.
MARSHAL'S SALE. , :
No. 142o--Mrs. 'Effie Lon-worth v~
Horace Chamberdin: City' Cotart,
Shreveport, La.
By virtue of a Fi Fa issued tomee in
above entitled and numbered ease
y the Honorable C. D. Hicksuadsg
of the City, Court, Shreveport, Ferth.
Ward. Casdo Parish, La., I have selied
and shall proceed to sell, according to
law, within< the legal hours for sales,
at the defendant's late place of busi
ness situated on Common street at
oooosite the head of texas street, and
known as Chamberlin's Pharmacy, in
the city of Shreveport, La., on
SATURDAY, JANUARY 31, 1oo3.j
one stock of drugs. counters, fixtures,
shelving, show cases, etc.
Terms of sale cash subiect to ap
praisement:
TAS. M. MARTIN, Marshal.
Jan. 21, 1903.
A MAGAZINE FOR THE HOME.
One of the most attractive of the
February magazines is Conkey's Home
Jourhal (Chicago). It has a striking
Valentine poster cover design in colors
and its contents are thoroughly prac
tical for the home. It is one of the very
fed magazines whose contributors write
with *e definite purpose of being clear
ly understood. The subjects of the ar
ticles are always attractive and the arti
cles themselves never fail to do justice
to the subjects. Noticeable in the Feb
rnary issue is the first of a series of les
sonis in' "Embroidery Making" and
"Home Millinery." The fashion ' and
pattern departments are better than
usual. and it.is announced that they are
to be made better yet. A Valenine So
cial" and "Toy Articles that May Be
Used for Light Housekeeping" are sub
jects of interesting articles by Ethel M.
Colson. Eben E. Rexford and "E. Carl
Litsey are among the short story con
tributors. A delightful waltz for the
piano is entitled "A Maiden's Dream."
GOOD HOUSEKEEPING.
The Caucasian has been complimented
with two copies of "Good Houseleep
ing." a magazine published monthly by
the. Phelps Publishing Company of
Springfield;, Mass. Good Housekeeping
should inmd.a ready and hearty welcome
-in every home where merit is appreciat
ed. ,The -pages of this magazine are'filled
with valhable and entertaining informa
tie conering tood housekeeping.
xTIe4
FORTY-FIVE DILL,
That Number Favorr-bly Alterte I.*...
the House of I:elpresentatioe-.
Washington. Jan. 31.-Frida y f-wa
the last private claims day in the
house and members with bills on the
calendar carried everything with
them in committee of the whole. 'or
ty-five bills were acted on tavorably
despite the efforts t MDir. 6'ayne. the
Replublican floor leader, assisted by
Mr. Cannon and others, to defeat some
of them. Many 0f the e!a ms cere
old, dating back to the ,ivil war and
a few originated prior to that time.
The latter were balances due for car
rying mails to the south when the
war broke out. Mr. Payne was par
ticularly insistent in his opposition to
these bills, calling attention to the ex
posure of the fraudulent character of
many similar claims in the Forty-fifth
congress. He expressed the opinion
that all of these claims had been paid
before. The members interested
stood together, however, and voted
him down every time he demanded a
division. There were several bills to
reimburse pontmasters and internal
revenue icollec tors for slam ps last or
stolen. O1e' was to pay the balance
on a contracl:t forf.(r- tofr;ished the ar
my hospitals in the Mik issippi vailc.y
during the war T(he ao:aout t laimcld
is $80.000o. and is tor ice at the rate
of 90 cents Iper 100 pounds
WOULD NOT ACCEPT.
SIellmbers of (t ermau (i'loniy itefuise t(.
'Partieipate in ('elerntion.
Caracarn, an. 31.-The captain of
the German cruiser Gazelle, which is
anchored at Puerto Cabello. on the oc
casion of the emperor's birthday sent
an invitation to the members of the
Germany colony to celebrate the day
on board the cruiser. All refused; one
of the chief German firms at Puerto
Cabilo. answering. "tell the captain
that his invitation surprises me under
the conditions, when Venezuela is suf
fering from an unjustifikble aggression
on the part of Germany. I will not
attend or allow any of the young.Ger
man clerks employed by my firm to
attend the celebration."
TRAINS COLLIDE.
An Engineer and Fireman Killed and
Others Badly Injured. -
Hazleton, Pa., Jan. 31.-A fast pass
enger train south bound on the
Shuylkill Valley division of the Penn
sylvina railroad collided head on with
a freight train near Lofty. Robert,
Meyer engineer and Fred Gearhardt'of
the freight, fireman, were killed. En
gineer Corey and Fireman John 8mith
and a colered porter of the passenger
train were severely hurt and several
paesengers were slightly injured. The
collision resulted from a misunder.
standing of the orders.
The locomotives came together with
til speed. A relief train was sent out
from Hasleton with a number of phy
tioialts on board. The injured were
sent to the Hazleton hospital.
Nearly Five Hundred Heartd.
Philadelphia, Pa., Jan. 31.-With the
exception of the presentation of statis
ties the coal operators closed their
case befoire the coal strike commission
Friday. It is expected the striking
miners will begin tb call witnesses in
rebuttal Monday. No session will be
held Saturday. The miners will take
up three or four days in rebuttal, After
which the commission will adjourn to
the following Monday. The arguments
will consume the greater part of the
week begiting Feb. 9. 'Up to date the
commission has heard 490 witnesses.
Drowaed mHaersm a Wsell
Dickenson, Tex., Jan. 31.---The body
of Mrs. Mary Felske was found in a
well on, the Riney place near IHulen
Park. The deceaped left home Tues
day a week ago. She was unsound
mentally add 'had attempted to kill
herself several times.
Old For Gibsron to Be Sold.
Muskogee. I. T.. Jan. 31.-J. Blair
Shoenfelt, Indian agent at this place, I
has announced that some time between i
now and the first of March there will
be sold at auction the old military
buildings on Garrison Hill. at Fort i
Gibson, seven miles from the place.
Mother Kills Her Babe.
Muskogee. i. T., Jan. 31.-Mrs. Hat
tie Payne of Checotah became violent
ly insane and was placed in jail. She
took the body of her child by the heels
and brained the little one by striking
its head against the cell, and threw
the body in the jail yard.
Overman Formnally Elected.
Raleigh, N. C., Jan. 31.-The general
assembly of North Carolina formelly
elected Lee S. Overman the nominee
of the Democratic caucus as united
States senator to succeed Senator
Pritchard. The joint vote was. 138 for I
Overman and 21 for Pritchard.
Pleadled Not (Guilty.
Frankfort. Ky., Jan. 31.--Frank
Cec-Hi, of Bell county under indictment
for being an accessory before the tact
to the murder of Milliam Goebel sur
rerdered. He was immediately pre
sented in court, pleaded not guilty and
by agreement of the commopwealth
was released on bond of $3000.
ICotton and Wheat Statlsties
Washington, Jan. 31.-Representa
tive Burleson of Texas introduced a
bill authorizing the secretary of agri
culture to gather statistics relating to
the production of cotton and wheat.
Macedoslans Defeated.
Constantinople, Jan. 31.-A detach
ment of Turkish troops has defated a
strong band of Macedonians near Lake
Okhrlda, Albania.
Chief of Constabulary.
Washington, Jan. 31.-Captain, Hen
ry T. Alea, Sixth cavalry, was nomi.
,i r*l Phllinlu c .. " eeonstuba ry
_ ýaWzsea
CAUSES OF INDIGESTION.
How Certain Ills Which Affect the
Stonmach Recone Chronic.
The causes of chronic indigestion are
man:ifold, but usually and almnost al
ways in the beginning. e(,venl when the
sOto:iacii tinally becotmes actually dis
eased, the condition is due to illmproper
':ltilng. It may not be that the sufferer
wats *)o tuuch, although very many
peopl,- who :are lot 'lluttolls do that,
but he cats imptroperly. One who suf
(r.rs tronl d.yspepi:a or who wishes, to
:void such suifering shul.d remeniber
*h:at the stomach 'llanot do all the work
iefgligestion. Before it l uters the stezn
aclh the food must be tinely divided
and mixed with the saliva:. which is as
certa ily a digestive ftuid :: is the gas
t:'ic juice. lahdstone. it is said. used
to chew every mnouthful of foo.i thirty
two tilmes, one for ea(h tootlh. before
he swallowed it.
Lotig m1.asticatioll ')f lthe fioot0s i.s.1
fill in many ways. To thet rst place.
it shonull appe a! to aill who deliglt in
thei li.:'lts.ires of the tailiei.,for if the
food is savoyr:i- i is tasted I ~l-er a1l
botter when well c.howed. g :in, long
nll:ati':tlioI :l l ixes the f"oeti \\.'ll with
the saliva anl.d I's - its dig tion, i and
this sw,--a tns tie starcy t'-o :tl Td im
pro'e< ilt taste. F'ina!ly, if ont .eats
slohly, he will have: lss tIi:ime to eat
nlll'h. :nlll( ltun.g' i is ieasenis; d and a
feoolii. .f -t ati-ty i< attai:U.d before the
stomaiali n .m i nil overloaidd.
Whil c-oe i-i !h'wing, the food should
be in!ovl froim side to sidte of thi
moutih tt !:t the admixture with the sa
liva mnty il on Iu lre'lhorouglh.
Too tiilih thIid should not be taken
with the meal1. Ibut it is not a wise plan
to take noIe. tas is so0metimlies recom
mended. The gastric juice should not
be too niuc.h diluted, but if the food is
well moistened the juice acts better
and more rapidly. One glass of water
with a meal is habout the right amount.
Cool water, moreover, in moderate
quantity stimula:tes the secretion of
gastric juice. and a winteglassful of ice
water tauken before the meal gives a
fillip to the appetite without any of the
drawbacks of liquor..
If in spite of all precautions chronic
indigestion persists, one should try the
experiment of eating only one kind of
food at a meal--meat, fish or eggs,
without bread and potatoes, or bread
and butter without animal food. The
stomach which rebels at a mixed meal
will often do its work satisfactorily 'if
offered only one article of food at a
time.-Youth's Companion.
The Autoerat of All the Ramssas.
No one can grasp the fundamental
state of things in Russia without realls
ing that there the will of the czar is as
the will of God. Hlls land and his sub
jects are his, to dispose of as he may.
In a Russian battle not so long ago the
artillery, iniperatively needed in front,
was stopped by a deep ditch. The sol
diers flung themselves in until the
ditch was full. and the artillery gal
loped over their bodies.
In the world of business it is quite
the same. A Russian administrator
was discussing with Sir Henry Norman
the military capabilities of the Trans
siberian railway, and Norman said:
"'There wouldn't be rolling stocd
enough to convey masses of troops'in
a short time."
"Every engine and carriage in Russia
would be put there if necessary." was
the answei
"But that would disorganize the whole
commerceef the country and bring
tens of thousands to ruin."
"You don't understand," said the offi
cial. "If the czar gave,the word to
take every railway carriage in Russia
and run it across the Siberian railway
and throw it into the China sea at the
end, who should prevent him?"
A Ceat a Year Salary.
The government pays the magnificent
salary of 1 cent a year .to Maurice
Proctor for carrying the mail between
Dodgeville and Mineral Point.
Mr. Proctor operates a stage line be
tween the two cities, and he makes a
good income from the passenger serv
ice.
Recently he closed a contract with
the government for three years, agree
ing to carry the mail one way each
day, and his bid was 3 cents for that
period of time. He is to receive his
salary in three installments of I cent
each. He recently received his check
for, his salary last year, but he is not
going to cash it until he is in need of
money.
The distance between Dodgeville and
Mineral 'oint is eight miles. Mr. Proc
tor is very proud over the responsibil
ity of having the United States maill
in his care and enjoys tlie distinction
of drawing the smallest salary on ree
ord. lie a!so. feels confident that if
the governilent should desire to re
trench no effert would he- made o clut
his salary.-Milwv:tukee Wiscousci.
The Senate itIli.
The mutability of the l'ilted States
senate is well illusirated by a musty
roll call discovered! I;st week. It was
used J.ai. :1. 1`77. some twenty-six
years ago. Thel roll shows sevent v-five
names. Of these but live :ire now
members of the senate-Allisn., Cock
rell, Jones of Nevada, Mitchell and
Teller. Allison a:nd (Cockrell are the
only ones who have\served co:ntinuous
ly since that date. On the roll erall are
the names of Bayard, Blaine, Burr.side.
Conkling, Freli'nghuysen, Hamlin, In
galls, Logan. Mi.onald, Morrill, Ogles
ty, Saulsbury, Sharon, Shermnan, Thur
man and Windom.
Dr. Parker's Rejoinder.
A gentleman who was discussing
with the late Dr. Parker the problem
of a future existence exelaimaed: "The
fact is, sir, I am an annihilationist. I
believe that when I die that will be
the end of me."
"Thank God for that," Dr. Parker
replied as he showed his comphnion
the door.-Londn Express.
TO THE Iiili E O1RT1
Minister Vowen C iav i Have to Refe
hlce M;i ta'E Theire.
PoSITION OF FII ANCE.
It b Thoiitt Tha't 4,.overnmient Has'
lIready Sounded l'nited States
Om Learn ilow MIuceh 'Tlhere
IDS i1 Comninton.i
W'ashington. .an. t. -ff Mr. Bowen
rannot adjust wcenezuela's , laims with
the allies the purpose is to have Th'L
Hague arbiiat on tribunal pass on
them. But just how the Venezuelan
question is to get before The Hague
tribunal in event of Hlowen's failure
to adjust thie difTerences is not quite.
*lear. It is inu-onceivable to the ad-i
Meinistration that thtrc should ie a re
newal of hostilitiis on the \',uezuelan
coast, and more "putting on siro"ws,"
no matter how Mr. liowen's work shall "
turn out so. The Hague triimnal comes':
naturally into sight as a itr' of safety.
But to place a case Ibefore the tribunal
requires the laying down of certain'
basic propositions of matters to be ar
bitrated and agreenent on ti he limits
tions to be placed on the arbitration,
and it is diffiicult to conjecture how.
all hands can be brought together on
the complex and difficult propositionsaK
involved, in an arbitration protocol.
For instance. one point which un
doubtedly would be very difficult to
agree on would be the results of the
present blockade and whether or-notT
Venezuela might properly regard the
damages inflicted on her as offsets to.
the claims of the powers. Mr. Bowen,
already looking ahead, has prepared;
a long list of such injuries Inflicted
upon Venezuela, and this list grows
with every day's continuance of the
blockade, but from the tone ofths
representatives of the allies it is quite
certain they would resist to the ut
most. the presentations of any su
offsets.
When this step Is taken it is eat
pected that France will make represe*
tations at once to London, Berlin ad
Rome protesting against any interfer.s
nce -with previous--arragements
has made with Venezuela for the set-
tlement of claims. France may be
joined in this protest by the othw
claimant nations.
There is reason to believe that the:
French government already has>
sounded the United States governme
to leaf how much in common th
may be between their Interests
Venezuela. It is said that there is
strong resemblance between the clal
of the two nations; perhaps enp
to link them together in resistenc
to any policy on the part of the
lies which would tend to destroy o
impair those Interests.
For instance, the United Stat
through a regular tribunal, and Ven
zuelan claim commission, has secu
judgment against Venezuela for a co
siderable sum of money which Vens
zuela has been paying in Installments.
Recently these payments have bee
delayed, and as the money comes in
large part from the Venezuelan cus
toms, the United States may have
good legal right to protest against any
conduct on the part of the allies whic
will' prevent Its lebtor from meeti
its obligations to the United 8ta
France by treaty ano negotiations
secured what amounts to a Jud
against Venezuela and she claims t
her debtor must not be destroyed ,.
Venezuela's means of meeting her
ments to France impaired, as will
the case by the adoption of the pref
ential treatment demanded by the a
lies.
AS A RIDER.
Majority of Committee Favor This
for Statehood Bill.
Washington, Jan. 31.--The commi
tee on organization of the execu
department, of which Senator Quay
chairman, has ordered a favorable
port upon the statehood bill offered b
the senator as an amendment to a
propriation bills. The committee
not formally called together, but se
ator Quay saw the other members
not formally called together, but So
their assent to the favorable reportin
of the bill as a rider to the supp
bills. All the members of the commi
tee who are in this city gave their at
sent except Senator Beveridge, who a.
leader of the oppositjioo to the hill. o
course, objec'ted. Senator 1'more'
who is a mnemuer of the cmnmicee, I.
opposed to the bill. lint h>> i :thbhent.
from the city annl co ld not i , otnsult"
ed on the n itt :"
N+,w t..','nun tini, tr lriae.4
W ashin:i;,: . .lan. :I !;:;, Speclt
von Ster:l r. ,o vov , , , !inaryti
and minit pl .ni;uort,!,r .;rry ;, ' tFh,
I'nitd .tr, . fromt ( rtin i, . :rrive
in WV aý;hin· ton Fr'da :i:
Irtplic.a1e Then-el-... :,ntI (lllrr..I-r
Liverpool. Jan. ::1 'The for , amell
of the British h, :; V rct nir : !,r ght
here by the T"riti .hitan Ir : ,-.
were remanled today i ,n th- o hnr:'g
of murdering Captain Shaw. twvo c-f hi
officers and foar sramnin of thi V,,'o"i
ca. Two of the prisoners hna. made S
statement implicating th.nselv-s and
others. Another of the a 'i -e 1 me
William Smith, an .\merilan wh, sifhi
ped at a Mississippi port. dc1lares th
statements to be untrue.
Relnarkable ieceptio.n.
Kimberly, Cape Colony. .an. 31.
Colonial Secretary Chamberlain an
Mrs. Chamberlain arrived here t, rida
and were accorded a remarkabil re.!
tion. The town was lavishly deco
ed and Mrs. Chamberlain was prese
ed with a casket of diamonds by
ladies of Kimberly. .
_4 ,