;FIVE MINUTE TALES.
Unabated Interest In the Pea
body Normal.
The Chautauqua Opens Tomor
rOW.
NOTES AND NEWS
The third week or the Peabody Schoo',
which closed Friday. wea perhaps the best
in interest of any. Tae faculty and pupils
have kept the work aolnr, with a deerec
of enthusiasm truly samzing these hot
midsummer days. Friday, lion T C
Barret, Capt T F Bell,.Hon J Henry Shep
herd and Mr Whitfeld Jack visited the
scbool and were much interested in the
work. By invitation of Prot Aswell Mr
Barret addressed the teachers. Although
the weather was hot and the hour 12
.'clock, the audience` was deeply inter
ested in the beautiful, scho!arly address of
Mr Barret. and a rising vote of .hanks was
given in expressioo of their appreciation
Thursday, the teachers were much
gratified by a lvisi from Mr Shepherd,
who had just returned from a trip to
Buffalo and other points of idtereec, of
which he talked about moat entertain
iagly.
A visit and address from Prof Cildwell
was another appreciated and ·nexpected
pleasure.
*a
Social
Wednesday evening Mrs M H Williams
entertained at her home the ladies and
gentlemen of the Summer School faculty
and other friends, as fo;lows: Misses
Nott. Bowdio, Russell; Prots Teylor,
Aawell,Carson, Prof and Mrs Dale, Mrs N
C Blanchard, Misses Howell and 8aspe.
* The launch ride arranged by Misses
Howell and 8oape for Friday evening was
enjoyed by the faculty of the bummer
Sebhool, in whose honor it was given. A
<elicioun lunch was provided and enjoyed
while sailing in the moonlight on the
placid bosom of old Red.
Library Estertainment
A gtlt concert and dance -, be given
at Prancees Park, Monday cvnlog, for
the benefit of the Shrevepo-" L ).ary. The
gifts will be drawn as you ,_.i the gate
aLd a beautiful ring set with emerald and
diamond, and a dainty scarf pin. The
litrary needs money, and we hope the
pJhico generally will maniiest their inter
est in this effort to raise a fund for the
purslase of new books for the library.
itotes
Mrs Shlndler's romance, "'Monstte Bar
Zrngton," is winning favorable comments
from literary critiei. "The Editor" says
hisot it- "Pure in p ot and simple in
dictie.. A novel that ora be read by any
nember ol the lamilj with pleasure and
,prt l:."
Mrs Shlndler, the author, resides in
acoedocese, Tex. She is the daughter of
the late 8 W Blount, who was one of the
alg.ers of the Declaration of Independence
41 Texas.
The "Little Crusaders," by Isabel Soott
Stone, is one of the strongest episodes
sonnaeted with the orusades. The gather
inK of hordes of children at the uggreetion
of Pope, Isoeesat the ILU, sad the seeding
of these toe aht the Saraesos, and to regala
the hil sepalebre. The sea had tired
4of i antdes and eor the ps pose of
ameg themn late neties, the. Pestil hit
upon the expediest o enlissting the
4hildreS.
ss 8tone's aseeoma is writtn in the
lsrteo spirit, id it reales all the sym
pett eo a wemau lee the ittie esuaders.
-The ]disar.
It lse a roeu ft that great as is Mr
iptag's repmatisN, nose of his beeooks
has seld up to the I0NO tO m:k; indeed,
the most pcppiar see, the "Jungle Boot,"
has gne h s a trite beyond half that,
while e ean ame a dsen reoeat beeks,
of taesapmrsbly less werth than say thingl
r uKpling has dae, that have far out.
etripped the iarne nsmed-the Zditer.
**
The Chautasqua
Tit Cautauqoo season is at hand, and
tcaorrow the wore of Its tenth sesion
will Oeitt. Xverything .s in resdlbese,
sad the tret week will be made lively by
dally arrivals and rejoicing of friends at
pleasant and unexpected reunions. A
srong fauelty, ample kecommodati so,
wholesome divermions, fine musie combine
4) make CLhutauqas an ideal spot for an
utting.
Shreveport hau always patronied the
VCautauqua lbsrally, and we are sure just
as many will esjoy Is, pleasures and
dtlights this seasn. tkre* H Williams
left foe the UObataaqua LWaturdays where
tke goes to assist ia the work. Miss Seape,
wao has charge of the atblette depart.
mont, will oerlasse her elases and begin
work tomorrow. Everything prouises
well for the useen of 1901.
re5sou
Mrs he*s Jastuemsk of Baton Bour*,
who has ben the gale of her brother,
Jud"i.: t ad, returned to her hom
4 .4M1 =- &ad 510l R
#sdwjeew . a t
MUS r Marshawll wl leave for C .a
4 l ma Tueaday.
MIe aewell will go over tue -ond
® ; i<th ,ap prty of rls ise
hr a BeMii I who WapJd I o tp
. jate wth her
--. I. . Is y . . sMe AT.r
10 . S R4% r lei W »t W tei skor
SW deli'httal Vlt SO relatives.
t vas, guest of her mother,
I"M aafte Obbee, MaoeMspnle by
-t « i IbMay Una"kel, Ito Thar
s". *
lt% cYv-utig lor their t.m'a to tuo.. : burg
fter a plessant visit here with tLeir
rlend, Miss Julia Mat Pickett.
Mr Haurloe Pickett Is in the city visit
ng his mother, Mrs John Pickett.
The Tenth Anneal Session
(Ccmmuniaated)
IV' eon is looning forward eagerly ti
St Monday-the ol entag day of the tenth
u it session of the Loutisisna State
tt uqua.
Much has been done in the way of prep.
i-a' in for the meeting. and now every
tvrg is ' readireess for the re-eption cf
he teachers and visitors who will come
ram all parts of the State and from o her
itates. They will come, for the word
' Cnsutauqua" is tel smanic; it has a
charm to draw the people to its assemblies
on search of the many benefits implied in
the name.
These annual Assemb'les reunite old
and loved friends. and throw together for
a few happy days those who come only f r
a short stay, and then drift out of eseji
other's lives like "Ships that pass In the
night."
The entire programme includes every
morni.r and evening from July 1st to the
2Jth, and is ore of unus.tal interest.
Two days of that session ought to t'e
bntt, r attended thin the others-not that
the others are not good: but these are
better and best July 6 the King's Daugh
ters celebrate, and you hive only to be
told that Miss Sophie B Wright has
charge (f the cele ration to be assured of
It success. That or,anization has a
strot g following, and no one but the
"KicIn" knows half the good deeds th y
do. The sick, the die reseed, the poon. the
lame, the young and old b"." t: .i for
their kindly acts, and words -' .: a .thy.
The t er. July 11, is W CO U f ; - I'he
saloon keeper said thoso Ia -V- mean',
"'Women tome To Upset." we believe
that you will find that, on this occasion
they not only stand for Woman's Chritila
Temperance Union, but "Women G;cm to
Upllift."
M "
A Baby Casary's Masic Lessons
gin the account of a pair of oanaries and
their ofispring, which is published in 'I he
Ladies' Home Journal for July, Florence
Morse Kingsley tells how the oldest baby
bird, as soon as he had learned to flutter
from one perch to another and to reach
for a seed and crack It, was put into a
cage by himself and hung out on the
veranda near the father bird, who was
named Wee Willie Winkle and was a
superb singer. Then the baby bird's
education be an. First, he learned to
jump tearlessly into his china bathtub and
flutter his wings and get himself gloriously
weltl just as father did. Next he cudd ed
himself Into a delightfully comforteble
little bunch on his perch ana listened
attentively while Wec Willie Winkle sang
his wondortut song. The second week we
he=rd a funny, sweet little chirping and
gurgling. It was the young canary; he
had begun to study his prolession in
earnest. Hour alter hour the little fellow
practiced, happily and patiently. One
day h ' trilled a little trill, and the next
day he bhad learned three new gurg!es, and
the day after that he wove the trill and
the gnrgles together and added a longer
trill on a higher key. in six weeks' time
we were asking, "l it Wee Wllic Wlnite
who is singing, or the baby?"
Sample-McCrory
On Wedneqday night at 8:50 o'clock Mr
8 Guy Sample of Mansield sand Mie Sarah
emma MeCrory of Shreveport, were mar
ried in the First Methedtl.threh of this
city, by Ber W T Boling.
It was a typleal June weddinlg end a
seelal event whteh lItereted tee friends
sad well wishers of the bride and groom.
Mr Sample is tte eldest ase of Mr sad
Mrs OH P Sample, reeldents of Shreve
port. He is as enterprisinag young gentle
aa sad is eousesed wits the btnk f
Da8ote, the Masfelid Rallway and Trean
pirtation Company, and is tahe owner o
the largest store, general moerehaae,
, ablished ia Minaleld.
Tae bride is a ne of Judge WP Hall
of this atty, a eharming and aseomplished
young lady or lovely traits of sharacter
,ad is generally ldoved.
Mr and Mrs Sample will -be at home in
Manaeld alter Sep:eaber 1.
May he beet wishes of hetr friende
attead them always.
The Losisiana Chastauqsa at Eastos
Edlior Pieayune: All those who tave
beso at the Loufalnna Chautauqua have
brought from tbeir su'amr experieuee
tiere the pleasantest reoollectlons. We
go very far tram our own State for a sam
mer outing, yet at our door ie the very
faradise to leaob wbhlh we have traveled
for hundreds of miles, for Cutautauqua i
a garden of Eden, with its luxuriant I rest,
clear crystal springs, sloping. verdint
hills, ar.d, stre.ohlag above all. the match
lese sky of tair Louisiana.
The Cheatauqua a easily resehed now
from New Orleans. The Texa Pa3lAo,
with it* roaad trip ticket, will deposit In
the shady nark of the Chautauqua the
tourits anxious to drink of its healing
watern, to wander In Its sehdee or partake
of the abundant tare of its hotels.
But it Is not only by its eylvan beauty
thrt the Chautauqua charme her vitltors.
Under itA cool spreading e*s, on the ereet
of its breey hills, are the halls of learning,
which are its prnolpal attractions. Tulane
Hal, state Untvreity all, Normal School
Sall, the school of pedaog f literatre,
of mathematlos of physical culture, of
Men 1 1 ento n
e r, enuhaptic crowd.
sill, moonllt park, atter ce Venig exer
is., to taste the cool waters of the
Pieriansprtin, and 11nhale the balmy air
t.the pines, a deep feeling of rest steats
star yer saeos and fq foel aMdy for a
ood nioht of healttl' reose. - : .r
* _neo4ataMqda Is t ho l the cater" of
outretUp Ser tne cullut , lalllgwig and
rehel LDueaqsianl fr i taepr ddipa
la MR aJt n*Isse is.1t* W an eon
easilyl d there that gSial, hoopitable
type of the true Southeri5who66%eIMaig
qtcewlia,*op the heart godapeed to all.,
L"jtiL .bstbhat the Chautauqua will,
cotinue to be largely atteadrd, espeeially
by our own appreelaUve New Orleoan
people. L AUGuSTIN FoarrTm.
.OVVNb FOR 6UriWMEIR.
New Ways of Making Up Thin Good.
For Dog Day Wear.
[Special Crorrespondence.]
NEW YOaK. June 24. Ihlnmstitehing
as a fashionable garniture of fine dress
es never struck we until the other day,
when I saw three beautiful gowns of
fine nun's veiling ond linen batiste
done with that peculiar kind of handi
work for ornament:aion. The old rose
eilling had a flounce set on 1S Inches
wide, and this was liiwtun]ed with a row
of helmstitehing in co:rse silk. Down
the joining of the flince' at intervals
were rows of the satne. The waist and
sleeves were done to carry out the
same idea. The whinle e'fect was ele
gant. The linen hatiste was done in the
same way, only a little mtor elaborate
effect was prodtuced by I'vino the silk
in a different color. The linen was
gra.s color and the silk a pale russet
red. The whole scheme of color was
carried out in the samne way, and the
dress was very taking.
Another new wrinkle is to have in
sets shaped like bagpipes without the
pipes, and enough are use d to go clear
around the skirt. Thly are made of em
1€
BLACK SILK MULL GOWN.
broidery or heavy lace in string color.
This curious sty~i of inset trimming
on skirts was wultiplied on several,
mostly fine batiste, veiling and grass
cloth. It gives a touch of lightness to
a skirt.
Soft and diaphanous materials are
preferred to silks or any other mate
rial for nice wear. The delicate and
dainty French woolen lawns are among
the prettiest of all the dresses. The all
over black laces and the black silk
mulls are also among the newest and
most desirable of summer costumes.
Many of the black lace and silk muslin
are made with interchangeable skirts
beneath. - me are of white silk and
others of diffc- nt colors, and as the
color is shown through the meshes of
the outer dress the effect is very pretty.
An illustration of this kind of gown
will show its good points at a glance.
This has a plain skirt save for the nar
row double gauffering at the bottom,
but I also saw one with three skirts,
one above the other, so that one might
have called it a triple skirt. I did see
several triple skirts, but all the others
were of lawn with lace along the edges.
This handsome gown is intended for a
garden party or some other equally
grand occasion. The skirt is rather
plain, having only some folds down the
front to break the monotony. There are
a few plaits at the hips to fit it to the
figure. The underdress is of taffeta
glace, black, of course. The waist Is
made of folds and has a deep revers of
white lace over the black and a wide
belt of lace, as well as a V shaped
piece where the gathered mull leaves
it open. The elbow puffs and the chate
laine forearms make of the sleeves
something new and very dressy.
A large parasol to match is a feature
in the outfit.and, in fact, it belongs with
it. The body of it is of taffeta, and the
wide ruffle is of the silk mull hLmmed
three times over to make it stiff so that
It will set out well. The shirrings are
fitted to the parasol and put on so.
One silk mull dress had a deep chan
tilly Bounce headed by a ruchlhlg of
narrow black velvet ribbon. I do not
know how the waist to this was made,
for the bodice was covered with a tal
lor coat in black taffeta strapped and
corded. The shape reminded one of the
Louis XVI in that the skirt was short
and full .and the fronts set away and
were faced with white satin daintily
embroidered Jn light colors and a few
pearl beads. There was an loner collar
of black velvet standing high and a
small but rich white lace cravat.
Pure white and c-eam white wool
grenadines, with much black lace as
trimming, are among the neatest and
beat liked dresses for swell occasions,
such as will be golngon qvery da new
at one or the other.dt 'tl.w inetLg
places. White-veiliag also very suit
q; tanl is wel liked for afternoon
tds rht q e tiwearer is expected
Itoslt quietly.
.The stnmr dinitd Which is Gow dig
nifled by the game of 4oUe .naiopal is
in for a run of favor. It comes In" dar
b`!' ^"' <'rk red. It ha d~ter~"nt
shades on tt)h f nIbtM tldei. The dark
Is the right dl.e, and4be~tih4 t ia thd in
with whlfe or witjed iny bcJ.,
wh te or mixed colo rs." n'.eatly ti
IkL.,kjahiMlAAL diste has applied'
cretonne flowers on a denim dress. and
after all, it does not look a bit bad.
OLrva HARPRst.
New
Woman
By Eliza
Arz'ard Cooear.
O N1 matter that Interested me
in Great Britain was the- cir
ca!aing libraries kept by w,,
me:cn. In the towns and vil
nlages of t: I'Unted Ftngdom are smalli
prirate libraries. Reliable ihndividuals
may I orro\w from them one book and
keIep it a v.-((k for abolut 4 cnts. (One
may subscribe for a year to the library
for $2 and take out a book as often as
lie likes. I. paying $3 a year he may
during that period borrow six books at
a time if lhe likes. The libraries con
tain 2.1) or ni.,;e books, mostly novels.
The L': :lish leople are insatiate nvcel
re(adrs, proi,;ably because there are s.
manyll w\'.i' aImong them. In add!
tlon to ier -irc(ulating library, the mis
tress 44f the place has on sale newspa
pets. Iia:az l'ies. stationery. etc. Now.
I w.min r why bright, intelligent wom
en nitl iri.s could not get their living
from such iihraries in this country too?
It is true .e, have ill America many
more frce liblraries than the English
hanvc, blitt they do not contain so much
fi.t ion, Li,,ig devoted largely to books
that inlp:'o\' the mind strictly. Fie
tion :n t. and especially women, will
read till jul.irnment day. A well selected
collect ion of books, say, first always
fiction, then travels, poetry, bicgraphy
and history, need not cost a great
amount of capital and would certainly
pay if lent out at 10 Vents per vol
ume. or p.Irhaps even 5 cents might
pay, to .i- Il pt not longer than a week,
or, if so :: t,. to be paid for at the rate
of 2 (c:ts "'ditional per day. That is
how dilinquent borrowers are managed
in England. Keeping such a library
would he very pleasant occupation, re
munerative, too, in conjunction with
the stat;ion ry trade. Books could be
kept on tale as well.
It was cousidered a fact of sufficient
Importance to cable across the Atlantic
that a society lady fainted at a horse
race. She v:as 7:'obably laced too tight.
Jewish nldies are very frequently su
perintendents of the Sunday schools
which are now commonly maintained
for the chldren of their race. Mrs.
Octavus Cohen of Bayonne, N. J., has
filled such a post with brilliant success
for a numnber of years. Why are not
Christian women oftener Sunday school
superintendents? They are peculiarly
fitted for it.
tt ,tn
Pitiable indeed is that woman who
can find nothing to love but cats.
"I came that ye might have life, and
have it more abundantly," said the
Founder of Christianity. I wonder how
women who squeeze the life out of
their bodies by tight clothing and out
of their souls by pressing them into
the iron mold of conventionallty can
call themselves Christians?
"The truth shall make you free." Do
your own thinking; don't accept anoth
er's authority in matters of opinion.
Dress as you like if you would find out
what the test above mentioned means.
"I am for men," said Henry George.
And I am for women, I say.
The archbishop of Canterbury says
the church needs a married clergy, be.
cause often a minister's wife does more
good in the parish than he himself can
do. Yes, archbishop of Canterbury.
But do you know what a dead give
away that admission is on you and all
your men preachers? If women can do
more good than men, then why, by all
that is reasonable and Christian, can't
you ordain women as clergymen and
do the thing directly instead of indl
rectly? Ah, that's something else, is
it?
Paris has at length one woman's
club. What an American girl who
marries a Frenchman may expect can
be judged from the fact that no wife
can belong to even that one modest lit
tle woman's club until site has obtain
ed her husband's written permission to
do so. She must send the letter of per
mission with her application for me-u
bership. That is how it is in Europe.
But we need not boast ourselves over
much. Not even in America has a
man got beyond the notion that he
"owns" his wife, that she is his to
treat exactly as he likes, and this no
tion has wrought to women woe unut
terable.
In an English magazine Mr. Arthur
Brice Issues a cal. for women to ml
grate with their brothers and men rela
tives to the'new colonies. He argues
in favor of this on grounds moral, ma
terial and social. Women, and women
only, strong armed, practical workers.
can make homes for the lonely fron
tierasmen. Pioneers in our own land
Mave felt the need of homes sq sadly
tiat'they have frequently rushed rash
y fo ma"Ty rJges yitll Indian women
tandr grp t t. evge after. ..Br.'Brice
is right. Women, brave. helpful and
cheey,, nqt the feeble etnd the whiners.
shpOld as ppy their men to anew
.; Iwrl"p . o9, for bot.. .
The University of Pennsylvania ',a
35 women students in the department
of science. Girls who are Interested in
sclence have always fine brains.
FOR A GARDEN PARTY.
A Dainty Voulard Gown Whieb
WVontd Be Mont Suitable.
At last the warm weather has come,
which is. of course, the signal for wear
ilg da:linty allnd sulllnler garments.
Sheer nills. soft and lovely silks.
crapes anud veiliiigs and no end of other
thin and diaph!:os)ll stliffs are seen.
not upon the shelves of stores, nor yet
in the iwildow-s. but righlt where they
belon.-on the beautiful women.
I'loinces are part and parcel of all
the 'French dresses of late confectinl.
and it seems that the French mnodisi
are crying to make us take, whether \w'
like them or not. the Eugenie styles. t(In
the other hand. the Berlin and Eugli-.
ones are equally anxious to briug thet
first empire styles back again. It re
mains to be seen what oulr \women will
choose vet of this curious rivalry. ''1l te
lmpirl'e gowns seem to lle to beo ver
trying to most figures, and on the other
hand the Eugenie styles are undeniably i
ugly. A happy medium has not yet
been devised.
Garden parties will now be the great
test of what is to be the summner style
for full day dress. A stunning gown
was seen recetntly at one of these fune
tions. It was made of pearl foulardI
printed in a design of Iluet flowers.
The upper portion of tile skirt was tit
ted snugly around the hips. Just at the
knees there was a very slightly fulled
/I
! i i
~~1
~u~ci
1nl
BLUE AND PEARL GRAY.
flounce scarcely more than a bias fold.
which was edged with a row of bluet
colored ribbon and headed by a hand of
black lace insertion. Two more of
these flounces were placed lower down
and trimmed in the same manner. One
line of the ribbon was set along the
front of the whole skirt, lengthening
in appearance. The same arrange
ment of the ribbon was made on the
waist, and there was a rest of white
silk, with lace in the center, and wide
revers covered with the black lace and
edged with a gauffering of the white
silk. The sleeves were quite compll
cated, having caps, elbow cuffs and a
puff of silk mull. The forearm parts
were of white silk with white lace in
sertlon. The hat and parasol matched
as nearly as possible, the hat having a
drapery of light pearl and bluet colored
silk mull, with a rosette of bluet velvet
at the left side to match the draped
belt. The parasol was of pearl colored
silk with a deep flounce of bluet silk
mull edged with white lace. Some par
asols are of delicate green silk with no
end of crepon ruffles In the same shade.
This Is the prettiest of all the parasols,
but is more for ornament than use, for
green on the face makes it ghastly,
and naturally the shade of green must
rest on the face if the parasol is held
up.
The costume described is one of those
which can be copied Into almost any
material which will take lace as trim
ming. Even pique can be used if black
braid is put in place of the lace.
HENRIETTE ROUssEAU.
A DRESSY HAT AND BOA.
The Girl With Clever Flaser. C.m
Make Both at Home.
Ruffled hats and flower petal boas
are both novelties of the season, both
are expensive If bought at a milliner's,
but they are not nearly so hard to make
as they look. First buy a wire frame
covered with white muslin. Choose
this a little smaller than you would or
dinarily, as the trimming tends to in
crease the size. Make your ruffles a
little over an inch and a quarter in
width and finish them with the narrow
est velvet ribbon. Mousseline de sole
makes the gauziest as well as the most
durable ruffling. When the hat Is en
tirely covered, take a piece of dotted
liberty satin ribbon and tie it around
the crown.
passing it
through a long
steel buckle in
front and ty
ing it in a
square Alsa
tian bow (fo'ir
loops and two
ends) directly
across the
back. A wide
hand Is next
placed in the
back to tflt
the hat for
TBE LATEST THING. he at fo
t ward over the
eyes. This band is covered with three
large flowers of different shades of the
same color. The model illustrated was
carried out In white mousseline de sole
bound with pale green velvet rtbbons.
The flowers were green and white)
shaded pop les, ' and the ribbon 'wag
black with a large pale green dot.
The boa is made of violet leaves sewed
thickly on a full ruching of pale green
net. EDIT M aLLxE.I
'The
Woman
Who Stays
At Home
Y, O'I friends are all making
le)plratio)s to leaVte the c.'.
Scor(s of ypietly dlrl-esses are
he!u~g tu,'khdl away in trunks.
W herover y(oll the IL('I I\ rsa tiol! iS
all abiout lh clarllls f MIoItel This (or
the Sltcih-al-nd soih Inu; the g, If links
at one place, the lIathiinll at a.lther.
You fe( I very tllie(li out of it. (;:lGrdua:l
ly the street Ic t tonles dlis'rtt.l. ''hlere
are entire row\s f Ihouses i\\J il lii ind
iultd (hdown and .lutters closid. The
he:t is intense. You t llope in yiour rionlm
clad in seine ol(h affair- it di. 't t:. t
ter what-andl wlhen .lack or Totom or
Fred cotmes ihom tired from the idayi'
'work youll talll,: :labout th tlhlrmlolm tr
and the evils of having to stay in ltownl
When every one it lse las gon.e.
Thlats where you mnake the mistake
of your life.
The city is not half a had place in
the smuniler. It is far better than
many suinller resorts. Your frielnds
write of the neautiful scenery, but they
don't tell you of the hot nights they
spend in their little cooped up rooms.
They dilate on the tousic at the hotel
tand the (I ils, tbut tIhey dlon't mention
that the meni are so scarce that the
women have to waltz with each other.
Neither Is there a word about the back
biting, the snobbishness, the eternal
A BWERBRINmG WELCOMN
and tiresome dress parade and their
loneliness for their own men folk hard
at work (?) In the hot city.
If you will play being at a summer
resort, you will have more fun than
they. Your husband will rise up and
call you blessed, and the other men,
when they hear of It. will fall over one
another in their eagerness to get Invita
tions to your house. If you have a
pretty daughter-well, more than one
girl has met her fate by staying right
at home in the hot city Instead of wast
ing her smiles in a manless summer
resort.
Take up your expensive rugs and put
I away your heavy furniture. Shade the
windows with striped awnings. Scat
ter potted flowers and cool, green
palms wherever It is possible. Have
plenty of light literature around and
deep wicker chairs with linen cushions.
Make the evening meal attractive with
a bunch of flowers and serve plenty of
Iced things. Furnish the veranda with
easy chairs and little tables, so that the
men can lounge and smoke there. If
you haven't a veranda, the roof may be
turned into a delightful spot by means
of an awning and a few Japanese lan
terns. Become proficient in mixing
cooling drinks and don't scorn an
acquaintance with racrtime melodies.
Above all, look cool and dainty your
self in pretty muslins, sucnii as you
would wear if you were away from
home. If you follow this plan, I don't
think you will find your summer in
town a failure. MlAun ItonBiNsoN.
The Power of Etiquette.
A good story collmes from W\ashing
ton. It seems that Ithere Is sonmetimes
a difficnlty at otticial inid diplomatic
dinners in det'ermiiiiig who .hould
rise a nil break up the entertainilmeint.
When Dom Pedro, then etimperor of
Brazil. was entertainid at the White
House, he was informed bly some well
meaniur but muddle headed senator
that he would be the last of the
gtests to depart.
The president's wife, on the other
hand, told her other guests that the
emperor would depart first andi no
one would leave till after the royal
party hadl gone.
The result tvas that no one ventured
to go for fear of a bIreach of etiquette.
At last, at 3 o'clock in the morning,
some poor, tired woman pretended ill
ess~, and thus the deadlock was 'bre
kes.
A beautiful woman with the qualf
ties of a noble man is the most pc'fctC
I thing In nature.-La Bruyere. 3
---- -u