THE CAUCASIAN.
Official Journal of the
City of Shreveport.
THURSDY. MARCI 12. 1903.
THE RACE PROBLEM IN THE
SOUTH.
In the February 19th number of The
Independent, a weekly magazine - pub
lished inl New "'ork, a copy of which an
esteemed friend has left at hand for
perusal, there is an article on "The
Race Problem in the South" by Samuel
Douglas McEnery. United States Sen
ator from Louisiana. The subject is dis
cussed interestingly and with logical
force, based on facts and conditions, a
knowledge of the inferior race by close
contact and study. Who better than the
whtc man, who from the earliest in
fancy has come in daily contact with
the negro, first as when children, then
as boys playing together, fishing and
hunting and indulging in all the sports
of youth? Is not such a man a better
and safer crit;c than the man raised in
the North, where he has acquired more
or less partisan and prejudicial theories
and vagaries of the negro? Senator Mc
Enery has well said of the negro: "He
holds no office in Northern states of
dignity and imporance where his vote
is in certain localities the balance of
power. Why.. should the South accord
him privileges which are denied to him
in other sections of the Union?"
In his review of the race problem
Senator McEnery has delved into the,
historical records of the antiquity and
in every instance the proof is that the
Caucasian has dominated over all the
inferior races. It is as possible to elim
inate these racial distinctions as it is to
remove the leopard's spots by which
this ferocious animal is distinguished at
a glance from all the wild beasts of the
forest or the jungle. After a careful
perusal of this article we must com
mend Senator McEnery's presentation
of a subject that should impress favor
ably the minds prepared to be ihflu
enced with reasonable facts and ready
to 'receive the truth, but the editor of
The Independent in a caustic editorial
reviews Mr. McEnery's article, the logic
of which he attempts in vain to min
imize, by addressing himself to his
readers, in a tone 'and temper which in
dicates that he his not outgrown the
iprejaudice, the fanatical impressions
_ f.at `o his mind by Uncle Tom's Cabin
'and 'srtimilr' alesuimial:.sstoies, sag
* esrc4 at a tfsa *be thef Puritanical
spirit It the NWorth dominated and led
to an internicene war the. like of
which is without a parallel' in 'history
and which shocked" the civilized worth
with horror. Unfortunately "the editor
of The Independent is afflicted with
negroism from which' he can never re
cover, and therefore he is not compe
tent to criticise so serious a subject,
which in its consideration should have
enlisted his best thoughts and most
liberal views. This man, however, is a
fair sample of millions in the North,
prejudiced in mind and body, who in
sist on the social and political equality
af the African and the Caucasian in the
South but would abhor, revolt at the
very suggestion of a' negro son-in-law,
or of the negro being introduced and
entertained in the company of his wife
and daughters and their lady friends.
In words, indefinite .this man holds to
ridicule the declaration of Mr.' McEn
ery, the truth of which supported by
Divine authority, is "that the amalga
tion of .the races is impossible," and to
sustain his vagaries as to negro tqual
ity and the "paroxysmal impulse now
taking possession of the negro rac& in
this century," he points to the last half
century during which, he says,: "the
Japanese nation' .with., the Caucasian
t.he a front rank among the strong and
intellectual nations of the world." It is
trve the progress of,the Japanese has
been wnMderful, but they are of the
Mo1golian race and can never rise to
the ,Caucasian; who must dominate, in
:time, the entire world, and while the
negro will advance and progress (if let
alon by the Puritanical fanaties of the
North) he can sever epect to reach a
plane of the superior races, first of
.which is thea Caasians, th the Mion
mlian ind the otee races in their
_order, but with all his eaustic criticism
and tart words1 The" ndependent's ed
iot could not meiceal his inorance,
which is mupardonable in one of his sta
tion sand whimh he Siplays absurdly in
his view of what he styles
ti ; :s., it 's .#trueter "ahe 1s rbee
'evil fu..aidaraceflpacue s :limaited
* 'the i , asl th ;proof thit the at
tsiicdfntiV;z1Cd l fart that thenVice:
isgeemty a ;::k nd bdacker' 1
~anW Mn_
gestion of marital relations which exist
in the North between the races would
be repugnant and scandalous. It is not
possible for a couple of the races to
marry in Louisiaha, but such relations
are legalized in Massachusetts and
states of the North, but cultured Bos
ton. rushing Chicago and sedate Phila
delphia would indignate and bounce
unceremoniously the negro, educated
and polished if you will, who would
venture in their circle as a social equal.
The "twaddle' of these howling, cant
ing hypocrite,- too full of prejudice and
hase to reason, and always moved by
the uncharitable imnpulse, the prejudicial
unfriendliness towards the South incul
cated in their being by their forefathers
n ho stole niggers in Africa and then
sold them o the South: these people,
of which The Independent's editor is no
doubt one, are not fit counsellors or ad
visers or guides and should cease their
intermeddling with the negro.
Let the negro alone.
In the South the negro is receiving
all the advantages of public schools;
he is fully protected in all his rights and
property, and the same bar which rules
and fixes the social relations of the
classes of the Caucasian race, governs
the negro in the selection of his asso
ciates in his home. There can be no
social equality and in a political sense
the man qualified under the law, Cau
casian or African, can vote. The safety
of good government has demanded the
restriction of the ballot, under provis
ions fixed by law in each State of the
South, and these limitations of the suf
frage: fixed as they are in Massachu
setts and Pennsylvania, operate to the
disfranchisement of white men because
they can not comply with the legal re
quirements o the law. But, seriously,
it is not possible to reason with any
man, hide-botmd with prejudice, these
"holier than thou" men who in a politi
cal sense would rip up a Southern man
in the back with the right hand while
handing him a Bible with the left. The
South should expect no fair treatment
from the canting, sanctimonious hypo
c'ites at the North. The South's safety
must rest on the preservation at all
hazards of the present relations between
the races, which insures the rule of in
telligence and white supremacy; the
political and the social prominence in
all things 'which are sacred to and con
cerns the South alone. This is plain.
But here is Mr. McEnery's views on
the race problem in the oSuth, and
which will be endorsed by all Southern
men:
"The negro is here to stay.. He can
not be departed. It would be a cruel
and .iarsh measure and would be im
prgticaI. The Soithb as a unit is op
posed to .his dbpo ation. He is needed
because" he is a very valuable laborer,
and, treated 'with impartiality and jus
tice, he will ,be a potent factor in the
developmelnt of the South, in all field
and industrial occupations open to him
and suitable to his mental, moral and
physical training. The question is a
daily one, What to do with the negro?
The answer is let him alone and let him
work out his own destiny on lines fixed
and unchangeable."
DON;T, UNDERTAKE TOO MUCH.
"Several of our exchanges," says The
Felicianas, "are beginning to enumerate
and urge the various measures and re
forms they wish to force in. the next
campaign. There are few of these we" do
not approve, but it will be a serious
error to complicate matters by under
taking tco much at one time. The pub
lic school system, for instance, will do
as it is for the present. There is no use
dragging it into the next campaign.
It is extremely doubtful if it could be
improved by doing so. So it is with 1
other issues mentioned. The main is- [
sues-the issues of vital interest-upon 4
which all other reforms and ,inprovt
ments must of necessity depend, are thi:.
adoption of primaries as a meas
making nominations, and the aboliti
of State patronage.
"At present our party organization is
maintained through an elaborate ap-x' I
pointive system of office-holders. It is
true that, nominally, we have an inde
pendent party-organization, but in real
ity it is not true, as is witnessed by the
formation of our State Central Com
mittee. Our party organization is built
up and maintained on the theory that
administartion exercise and contfol of
the State patronage is necessary for its
success.
"Let us review the origin and more
talient features "of this plan:
"It had its origin in the reconstruc
tion period and was adopted as a means
of deprivint negroes of as many of the
rights and privileges conferred by bal
lot as possible.
"No one will deny that, it accom
pised tlis result.
"Now two important facts will be'
noticed in this connection:
f "-irst, there was opposition to the t
Demrti.c, or :white men's party, of t
c'Seeily, this opposition was of such
a .sharaeter hat iS was considered neces- a
nary to deprive it of all political privi-I
: ~ ssible-- the ballot paritcularly.
e the conditifons and results
Harvesting Golden .Dollars
; sIt's harvest time .AtLP. te tnt with tdie tlrift9 people
.. p who buy their supplies from Montgomery Ward 4, Cow You
S "can reap a harvest of golden dollars ,IGHT NOW by order.
ing your Implements, Wagons, Harness, ClothLng, Groceries,
S, Farm and Household Supplies, etec from us that you will
I , - need this jear. We 4ave you #5 to 40 cents on every dollar's
worth of goods you buy e4 u!. ;fInd we sell you only high
SCEND FOR CRT,/LOGUE NO, 4T1
" . q UT OUT THI9 COUPON
It will save many families more than $100 this yea$. k suc4 a arvest Moofreo wa.& a co., icagons.
worth reaping? Fill out the coupon and SEND ýOD~ n ..' . uh.,.e f Oc.tnd1
Michigan fAve. rA' Nne__.cry__pai_-_
19Montgomery w a . Co., Ch g
o n go ery Ward Co., 4" Madison Stt Ch ageo zpreS Dice *ost ffice
?County __ _ State.
interests of one party or faction, at the
expense of another, has built up an op
position within its own party ranks.
Thus we have the administration and
anti-administration party of this State!
And we are bound to have them as long
as the system remains. It distinctly or
ganizes and maintains, with the unfair
advantage of government patronag.e
one faction within the party at the ex
pense of another. No matter how wisely
or efficiently the government may be
administered, an administration and
anti-administration party is the in
evitable result. So that, as a matter of
fact, it maintains factional organization
arid breeds discord within the party
ranks.
"But this is not the only anomaly
presenfed by this method of party or
ganization or machinery. By disfran
chising the white voters of the State
with the same methods and laws em
ployed in disfranchising the ignorant
and vicious negroes of the reconstruc
tion period, and other equally undemo
cratic methods, it controls the true
democratic sentiment and majority of
this State.
"This is the most important question
that confronts the people of Louisiana
today. When any element or issue of
discord exists within the party it should
if possible be removed. True, the ques
tion is much larger than one of party
merely, but for the sake of party and
party harmony alone it should be
changed. This great State can no longer
afford to claim or maintain a parent
right to: dabble in petty politics-to en
fore against its honest, intelligent white
citizens reconstruction extremes and
subterfuges that were designed only -to
check deluded negroes and unprincipled
whites.
"Until this patronage is entirely de
stroyed there will be no political free
dom in Louisiana. It is not enough to
ask of gubernatorial candidates how
they stand on this issue. The fight must
begin at home. No man should be elect
ed to either branch of the Legislature
henceforth who is not unequivocally
pledged to work and vote for the aboli
tion of the last vestige of this patron
age." . .
The Felicianas is right. The fight is
now on and must be pressed forward.
For years the Caucasian, single-handed,
has been urging the return of all power
to 'the people. The government by the
people and for the people must triumph
over the schemings of the few who have
dominated the Democracy in their self
ish interest-for personal aggrandize
nent. This movement for the reform of
an abuse, tolerated fd" years on the plea
•f-a necessity which no longer exists, is!
~prwing. growing and becoming power
fil because it is as just' as it is right.i
The duty of every citizen is plain. I
k
'Ten cents for July cotton." That is
what the New Orleans papers say. It
Is good news and may be an indication
of the price the staple will bring next
season.-Mansfield Journal.
How many of the growers and the
producers will have cotton for sale in
July at Io cents? This price is no indi
caticn that cotton will range next sea
son at the pr(sent quotations. The pru
dent and practical planter or farmer
will grow all the corn and feedstuff pos
sible, including a few hogs, etc., and
then plant all the cotton he will be able
to gather during the picking season.
With a full supply of such products as
he can grow and if not grown he must
buy, he will be ready to take advantage
of the cotton market.
In speaking of Teddy Roosevelt's
negro policy, Sam Jones says "most
every man is some kind of a fool, but
the mon who is all kinds of a fool ought
to be locked up."
There is no vaulting more startling
and. surprising than the leaps of some
politicians--gentlemen anticipating a
strike by political lightning.
The Cotton Belt ;are selling low rate
way second class colonists' tickets
ONLY FIFTY CENTS
Will Secure the Weekly Caucasian for
One Year'--A Special Offer.
Subscribe Now.
Beginn'ng from this issue and during
the next ninety days the subscription
price of the \Veekiy Caucasian will be
5o cents, a reduction of half the regular
price.
W\e want more sulbscribers. We wish
also to -how our napreciation of old
subscribers whose subscrtotien will be
rated at 50o cents.
We send no agents or solicitors in
the country to whom we must pay a
commissoin. We propose to give the
benefit of the agent's commission to the
subscriber.
The Caucasiad is the people's paper.
It is always in sympathy with the
masses.
It is thoroughly Democratic and
stands for the rule of intelligence and
white supremacy.
It has an opinion on every issue and
question and never straddles the fence.
Besides timely editorials, ocal and
general news, it gives Talrle's Ser
mons, Foster's Forecasts of the weath
er, special features for the lovely sex
and other attractions. of literary merit.
Market quotations are revised weekly
and are correct.
All subscription. at the rate of 50
cents must be paid in advance.
We have been offering by letter spe
cial inducements for settlements in ar
rears.
Your subscription will be appreciated.
Tell your friend and neighbor about it.
JEFFERSON DAVIS MEMORIAL
ARCH.
The Times-Democrat says: "The
United Daughters of the Confederacy,
assisted by the Confederate Southern
Memorial Associations, will in April,
hold at Richmond, Va.. a bazaar for the
bvnefit of the Jefferson Davis Memorial
Arch, and for the Confederate museum,
which is now established in the mansion
in which President Davis resided dur
ing the war. They therefore ask the help
of every mnan, woman and child, in, or
der that the entire South may shade in
the honor. The association of the Jeffer
son Davis Monument, U. D. C., has a
director in each State. and the Confed
erate museum a regent, who represents
the room owned by each State in the
Southern Confederacy, and will be rep
resented by a table bearing its name,
shield and colors, and articles received
will be given to the table which may be
designated by the donor. )
"It is befitting that to the dauntless
chieftian and his heroic follows these
two monuments be raised in the capital
of the Confederacy, the one spot which
can never lose its identity with the
cause for which they struggled and
died. The Southern and Adams Express
companies will deliver, free of charge,
all packages limited to 25 pounds. When
epossible, packages should be forwarded
through these companies.
"All articles, small and large, for
table or restaurant, for use or beauty,
should be addressed to 'Confederate
Bazaar, Richmond, Va.
"Name and residence f the consignee
should be in the corner. . not given
as part of the address. ' !. Rich
ardson of New Orleans wil receive all
contributions from Louisiana."
- COLD PIZEN DID IT.
Saturday night an owl viited Eld.
Henry Archer's place in town and
caught a chicken. Sunday night Mr.
A'rcher put poison on the dead fowl
and placed it where the owl had left it.
Monday morning the owl. a dog and
two cats, all dead from the effects of
the poison. were f ::nd dead in the yard.
-Farmerville ':
And cold "pizen" did it all.
Your stationery speak, for yo'r ba i
ness. };couldn't you rather it hai a good
J#od to say?- The kind we --ria: is the
REV. t. B. CCHAlt.
Sever; His Connection With Holy
Trinity Catholic Church.
On Friday morning at 8 o'clock Rev.
S. B. Scharl, pastor of Holy Trinity
Catholic cthu:rc! of this city, celebrated
lMass for the last time at this church,
that day terminating his pastorate here.
He left Friday night for Marshall, Tex.,
to rcmin ta day or two with friends.
frim whence hie goes to Pennsylvania
to enter a inm astcry of C:apuchin
Monks. of the Fraciscan Order. near
Pittsburg.
Fr eight years Father Scha-l was
pastor of Holy Trinity, succeeding the
late Father Gcntille. During his pastor
ate the parish has flourished, and his
management of its affairs was always
wise and conservative, and he leavts its
financial affairs in much better condi
ti:)n than he found them.
Who will be his successor is not vet
known, though it is generally under
stood that Father Verstrepen of Mon
roe will be named "by the bishop to suc
ceed him. No appointment could give
more satisfaction to the members of
the congregation. Until a successor to
Father Scharl is appointed, one of the
priests from St. John's parish will at
tend to the needs of Holy Trinity's.
a
GAME LAW
When to Kill and When Not to Kill or
Have in Possession.
Deer from September 15 to Decem
ber I5.
Rabbits from November I to April I
inclusive.
Wild Duck, Sept. I to April I, inclusive.
Wood duck and blue wing teal from
Aug;st I to April I, inclusive.
Wild turkey. quail and partridge from
Nov. I to April I, inclusive.
Doves from July I to March 1. inclu
sice.
Pheasants and prairie chickens from
Nov. I to March i, inclusive.
Upland plover and papabotte from Au
gst I to Oct. I, inclusive.
NO:T TO BE HUNTED OR KILL.ED.
\Vhippoorwill. oriole, blue bird. night
hawk, mlcking bird,- red bird.
UC,la. ful to sell, offer for sale or liave
in posscsstun during tihe close season aitty
gai;e nitntl or bird prot'ct-ed by thits
ai t.
Unlaw ful to ship same out if the
State at any time, except will d!ucnl.
Sprtsnmen may carry ort of the State
one doe.-en of each kind of game gird or
one deer or rabbit.
The foregoing colndensation ,,f the
law should be credited to Judge A. 1).
Latnd. The Legislature is responsible for
the law, which is approved by all good
citizens.
The dates governing deer was fixed by
the police jury as provided by the act of
the Legislature.
Persons interested in the information
should clip out this article and place it
in some convenient place for reference.
The Caucasian has published this in
formation several times by special re
quest, and these special requests are be
coming worn and threadbare, running
into frazzles. Clip the article and save it.
We want to do your printing.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
N.o 8o63-In Firnt Judicial
Co.urt Caddl, Parish, L
\\iter ,. J. l. Oden.
x Ev virtue :,f a writ of sei
I sale to me i--ued in the above
and numlered -iiit. by the
First l)i-trict Curt of Cadde
La.. l i vye seized and will offer
at pullic a::ctin, for cash, acc
\aw. withbnt the Ienefit of app
at the prin'it,al front door of
hiuse .,f Cd-it pari>h, in thlie
ir< cc.;,r t, La.. ,iaring the l
fer sale,. ,on
SATURI).\, APRIL u,
the itn ,,!!ymg ,i'cribedl po
sit: .1 lt in the t t n of Bet
d Parish, La.. described as
C, ommencitg t t!e State line,
on the nrth by the Grand
Shrcvcport r, "ul,. thence run
wvith said Stat.' line one hun
sixty feet t, the said roa
east mlrety feet; thence
hun.lre-d and ' xty feet to
road. ihence s, cet ninety
place of beginnii.g. with all
and impr'tvenCents thereon,
portion exchanged with E. C.
and less that portion sold to F
.s per deed of recrd in the
fice of said parish. Also the
]described property, to-wit: B
the southeast corner of a lot
owned by J. J. Kingsmore 50
E. of S. E. corner of the
lot, a stake in the center of
port and Grand Bluff road, t
center of said road N. 85 E. 46
a stake in rannd.!; thence no
yards to stake: thence soutt
5:e t-2 yards to a stake in east
line of land owned by J. M. T
Davis heirs with said east ho
S. PS I-6 yards the N. V. c
above named I-.3,acre lot a s
with the north boundary line
E. I6 2-3 yards a stake thence"
boundary line of said lot 8. 1
a place of beginning. corntai
of land. except the follow.
of said 2 acres. "'hich was e
served by I. P 3Moore and
fo'lows: B: e'inni:ie at S. E.
stake th,- ce (4 fet wet.t
feet north. thence (.1 feet
27; feet suth t,, ilace of
being (.4 f(<t front and 235
leIngth withl 0! " i'iner s an sad
JTo -"-be pro perty wing t
mtnl f s id1 ,,rtn.:nr are I
All of tlh a:li e proierty to
to .'ti'fv the deb!t pecified in
writ in th'- :.nr of thirty-five
dollir ' in i hi ig it '.r eEt I -ae
s.y rs t- l'l '01 O'de(o Sai
inter:-st ther,--- fr f.m .t ,hy
. TJW
v -. ion
r 1! t . ; ,!" the-o
I ,'il , , tni rs'
heini ;'T i n o n0 le-half
't,4 t' t ,i tilt i block
,,f t':,, Jl,'".'r" ("'!,' ;,d.'iiln to
,of S I,'. rt. ,,. th .. . . "
Iv l. f-mi!v ,m 1tiw. ,'i : For
!,,t ,.- ;- ',,an t ,-, -thi. I-r , f its
vtine, and I w it all s ell my
the ;same( terms. hi whle Iot
fred it once The sale is mad
debts mi l will be madle at t
honlte door in the cit rf Shr
Anril the tith at t2 o'clock n.,
DUNC'AN C. HARRIS,
Cautcasian, -March 8, 1903.
ry f,, ,- r i ut - , fh, the
6 Full ONLY $ 45 EXPRESSl
Bottles EPRAPID
PURE
OLD COLDEN AGE
LINCOLN U a.V
COUoNTY WHISKEY
We, the Distillers, guarantee these goods to h' p- rr and 7 years
old. None better at any price. We will ship in pni;l n ,;. to any
address, EXPRESS PREPAID,at thefolwln< til r's prices.
5 Full Bottles $3.45. lOFull Bottles $6,55. 12 Full Bitt es $7.90.
15 Full Bottles $9.70. 25 Full Bottles S15 0.
Free .glae and corkscrew in every box. YoS r m.ney itk ;- r pr~reantd.
.AMERIC. BSUPPLY CO.. 66 .talan , - . mp':s, an.
c 1_