JDREYFUSS & CO.
WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
s, Boots, Shoes and Hats.
SPRING AND CROCKETT STREETS.
ATTENTION TO COUNTRY ORDERS.
ERMAN LOEB
DEALER IN
ool, Tallow, Beeswax, Furs.
E STREET, NEXT TO V. S. & P. RAILWAY.
SHREVEPORT. LA.
o the sellers the best prices obtained in St. Louis, New
rg, Galveston and Houston markets. Prompt returns.
Ia
e
STATIONS UOrrasoVND
daily No.2daily IO.ldally
IlGi am Lv....Chicago.......Ar. 5 04 p.m. 653 a. m.
0 8p.m . -..l.Bt. Zonis...........7 1a.m. 7pm
.....u .Thebes ............. ........120
....Cairo .............. ..........-1130a a.mi.
1108a.mi.".....Paragonid......Lv. 812 p~m. 618 "
066 " ........Jonesboro.. 720 510
SW" ".......Xemnpbis......Ar. 730 545 " t
U - ........Fair ...... .5110 3 25
3p m.". rinkle .yLaM..Lv. 4 0 . L 235
44 ." ........Clarendon......."382 " 2 04"
.Stn.....LL.rl .P.T.A..L1..0,2 124"..sLSWrrl.
1. ...Pine usDR.......... 110 15p.m
5256 Camden ............. 1085 a. m. 830
.Ar. S hreveport.......... .....425 '
......Texariana... 730am. 6r000
655a na%`L..... t.....Ar.05 540"
8l a m . rvle .Lv. 13 . D 11 0a.m.
.....a. Sherman .....e o
t18a m ~ .. "t..W .....Dall 10305p. m. 915 .
u ". .Worth.. .10 15 830
LER16 a. m. 12 N p. m
.....~o lena.. ..11 15 p. m. 85a. m
e lnt fo complete time tables, rates and
W. L 633210. Lr.V. LbJ2AUR. .8. F..Le9AEA.
W.?LItS..3LLWVyd Ta.. LF.T.A..SLLS.WLry. s.F.a PA.,SLLSN.W l4Fid.,
MapleTina. SLash.og, a U igh.TdM
ii. F. DOLL. Jr
ro hanproIo FurnitureCo.
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
DEALERS IN
110S LEIOLEUM, BUGS, MATTRESSES Etc.
comnplete line of Ladies' Writing Desks and Dressing
-:Brds-eye Maple and Mahogany, Upright and Mantle
to any parlor or sitting room.
and see our I ine before buying.
ATTENTION TO COUNTRY ORDERS.
good printing-commercial printing of value, we are ready
ter. The kind of $rinting we do is good printing.
man who wants good printing should bear in mind that
ntiia we do is always good-the cheapest kind after all.
riefs' a Specialty.
'pr uirinting booklets, folders, circulars, cards, bill heads,
heads and everything which can be printed are fair
being much cheaper, taking in consideration the style
is generally paid for careless, ordinary or common
Ring up mooo.
& Gary Bros. Pinting Co.
~nc~c~muh MAnU*O LTD.,
.hlesaa Des in AU KW&ds of
Produce, Field and
rden Seeds.
HREVEPORT STEAM BOTTLINO
and SHREVEPORT STEAM
CANDY FACTORY.
Texas Street, Shreveport, La.
Office Phonee 1g8; Resieuce, 644
rant g E. ALLEN,
COOPER BUILDING.
ing.
Ram $4sen v., First wMr.
dip ff forZW S
OPFICE HOURS:
r to to a.m.
) WITH ito ; and '5 to 7 p..
T
'_alls left at Palmer Irug Co. and
Carter brug Co promptly attendted to.
B. W. Sutber in Thos. C. BarreL
s6 t. S
Sea di "i 'M w 'a ,sel
TALMAGE
SERMON
By Rev.
FRANK DE WITT TALMAGED.D..1
Pastor of Jefferson Park Presby
terian Church, Chicago
Chicago, Feb. 15. - In this sermon
the preacher deals with the widely
prevalent vice of running into debt as
a result of social and domestic e'trav
agance and a false standard of diving
and arraigns willful debt as the cause
of manifold miseries. The text is Ro
mans xiii. 8. "Owe no man anything."
One days a famous scholastic clergy
man was talking to a noted practical
preacher. "How is it," said he, "that
you can collect such great audiences to
hear you preach? I have one of the
best private libraries in the world. J
spend at least ten hours a day in my
study with my books, and yet the peo
pie prefer to hear you preach instead
of me. They want to hear your ser
mons. although you do ncR work a
third as hard upon them as I do. Half
of your days are spent in calling and
in wandering about the streets and in
the stores." "Ah," answered the prac
tical minister to his scholastic friend.
"the difference between us is that you
read books, while I study the stuff out
of which books are made. You breathe
the atmosphere of musty tomes; I. by
close association, study the hearts of
the men and women with whom I come
in contact. You translate epitaphs of
dead men; " analyze the troubles and
temptations and sins of living men; "
sit with them at the table; I go with
them into their stores; then, when I
begin to discuss their trials and temp
tations, they naturally want to come
and bear me preach."
Paul was a practical minister and
not one famed for mere intellectual at
tainments. His rostrum was more of
ten the ropemaker's bench than the
synagogue's pulpit. As a practical gos
pel physician he In my text today diag
noses one of the most distressing mor
al diseases of the human race. He saw
that the men and women of his time
were living beyond their means and
struggling in the quicksand of debt
just as many people are doing in the
twentieth century; therefore he gave
In his Roman epistle the same advice
that Horace Greeley once wrote: "Nev
er run into debt. Hunger. cold, rags.
hard work. suspicion, unjust` reproach,
are disagreeable. but debt Is infinitely
worse than them all. Avoid pecuniary
obligations'as you would a pestilence
or famine. If you have not more than
50 cents and can get no more for a
week, buy a peck of corn, parch it and
live on it rather than owe any man a
dollar." "Owe no man anything."
That means itnJohn Randolph's inter
pretation of the philosopher's stone.
"pay as you go." That means that if
you have no money with which to sat
isfy your fersonal desires then let
them be unsatisfied. Allow no creditor
as a jailer to rivet a heavy iron ball of
financial obligation to your limbs. Do
not buy a feathered singer unless at
the same time you have money to pur
chase a cage in which to let your song
ster abide.
Debt the Ofspring of Pride.
Debt is generally the offspring of
pride. - The bare necessaries of life are
very small. Nearly every man can
make enough money to provide for
these necessaries if he will only work
hard, do his best and not waste his in
come on useless extravagances. Henry
Ward Beecher once made the declara
tion that a man could feed himself and
wife and a family of growing children
upon $1.50 per week. For making this
statement Mr. Beecher was sharply ar
raigned by thousands of critics. Many
newspaper editorials affirmed that the
Plymouth pastor was advocating the
reduction of the laborers' salaries to
25 cents a day. He was not attempting
any such thing. What Mr. Beecher
tried to prove was this: The bare nec
essaries of life are very small; there
fore most people can provide for their
actual needs if they will only be ener
gette and at the same time be frugal.
But this frugality, in many cases,
pride will not permit them to oractice.
Pride, with the smiling, supercilious
face and bediamonded finger, usually
comes to the young man's home with
such insinuating words as these: "My
friend, you have no right to rear your
family as you are doing. You should
not allow your wife to stand behind a
counter or to live in the back room of
the store with her two babies, as your
mother once did. This is a different
age from that in which your father
started out. If you do not let your
children grow up in a respectable
neighborhood and go to refined and ex
bensive private schools, then their
youthful associates will be bad, and
refined people will have nothing to do
'with them." So the young man, who
was making a humble income and was
on the highroad to ultimate financial
success, hires a private home on the
boulevard. He moves his family away
from the neighborhood of his store.
1e hires a clerk to do the work for
merly done by his wife, while he him
self !s visiting the wholesale depart
ments. The Income, small before, be
comes less and lees; the expenses of
the family sustenance are doubled and
quadrupled a huanted, worried, anx
ioas look comes over the young man's
face. instead of there being a balance
#n the bank. now there is a deficit; in
steed of the wholesale stores allowing
the joenu man all the credit he wishes.
fir? they begin to push him, and one
4 .Debt, the `pin of Pride, cans
#te teee aehi the your man
of Hem
man's store and home with the mien
and the heavy step of a tyrant and a
master.
Then I see Debt call out to a ;-eiled
figure who is standing in the doorway.
He says: "C('me in, mother, come in.
You need not be afraid: come in."
Then the female figure throws back the
veil from off her head, and I see that
she is the old hag Pride, with a paint
ed, withered. sneering, scornful face.
Then Debt takes Mother Pride through
the aisles of the store and through the
*ooms of the young man's home as he
says: "'Mother, these goods-they will
soon all be mine. Those pictures upon
the walls, and those carpets upon the
floor, those dishes in the closets-they
shall soon all be mine, and I will make
the young man drop his life insurance
policy when he dies. I will literally
strip his widow of everything. Aha,
that young man did not realize what a
keen, shrewd. farseeing, Satanic plan
ner I could be when I told him to in
crease his outgo over his financial in
come. 3 am well worthy to be called
thy child, mother. & carry misery and
woe wherever I go." Such is nearly
always the outcome of every man s
life when Pride and Debt go hand In
hand and are allowed to sit down by
the domestic fireside.
The Tyranny of D)ebt.
This tyranny of debt, which is the
offspring of false pride, makes its con
quests over those who have large in
comes as well as those with small.
Only the other day there was buried
in one of Chicago's cemeteries a man
who for ten years had a salary of over
$9.000 per year. Yet that man was al
ways in debt. While he had an in
come of $2,500 he was trying to live on
the scale of those who had a $5,000 iii
come. When he was appointed a gen
eral superintendent of a large corpora.
tion, at $050 per month salary, he im
mediately moved his family into a
new neighborhood and tried to associ
ate with Chicago's millionaires. That
man, when he died, did not own the
home he lived in., He did not even own
the bed on which he died. Every parti
cle of real estate held in his name was
plastered over with mortgages. Last
fall be even allowed his life insurance
policy to lapse because he could not af
ford to pay the few hundredl dollars
necessary to keep It up, though he had
a salary of $9,000 per year. So we find
today that many a man who lives in
a fine mansion is In the merciless clutch
of debt. The financial curse of this
age is that multitudes of people, on
account of false pride and pernicious
extravagance, are eking out a misera
ble existence. These people may move
in the best society, so called, yet they
are far poorer than the humble clerk
with a paltry salary of $10 a week
who saves at least one-tenth of his In
come.
Debt is not only the oflspring or
pride, but is often the parent of a
large family of criminal children. The
study of genealogical tables is among
the most interesting of studies. Cer
tain families nearly always have good
children; you can trace them down
from generation to generation. Other
families nearly always have bad chil
dren; there is apparently something in
their blood that is diseased and con
taminated. As the waters-falling down
the cascades near Duluth show the dis
colorations contracted in passing
through forests of cedar and tamarack
miles away, so the blood of some chil
dren is tainted with criminal tenden
cies, inherited even before they are
born. They are born with a propensity
for lying, for stealing, for inebriety,
which they are seldom able to eradi
cate. But, though those children may
not be able to overcome their evil tend
encies in their owh strength. they can
overcome them by the help of a super
natural power, which is offered to all
who are tempted.
Willfully Running Into Debt.
Willful debt is that kind of debt into
which many allow themselves to run
through useless and sinful extrava
gances. While the young man is being
financially ground to pieces by the up
per and nether millstones of this kind
of debt what is often the most natural
thing for him to do? Ask that young
collector who is taking some of his
employer's money to win, as he fool
ishly thinks, a fortune at the gambler's
wheel. He is not at heart a bad young
man. He intends to pay that money
back. He expects to use it only for a
little while and then return it with in
terest after he has escaped from the
clutches of merciless debt. Ask that
young embezzler who has just felt the
heavy hand of the law placed upon his
shoulder. Did he ever expect that the
late suppers, the theater tickets and
the attendance at the- races would yet
end in a prison bell? No, no! He was
led as a lame to the slaughter by the
evil worryings of debt, accumulating
debt. Ask 'that wildcat speculator in
Wall street. Did he ever think for one
moment that he would lose the estate
confided to him in trustee forn when
he began to run into debt? No, no!
These men are being destroyed by debt
in the same way that the learned Lord
Bacon was led to accept bribes. They
are being lured to destruction as Bene
dict Arnold was lured when his debts
drove him to embark in the plot to de
stroy West Point. The bloodhounds of
debt had barked at his heels ever since
his Philadelphia extravagances, and his
debts not only made him a traitor
against his creditors, but at the last
they made him a traitor against his
country.
Crookedness, gambling, wildcat spec
elation and a betrayal of one's best
friends are often found'among the mal
formed offspring of a hideous parent,
Debt. But without doubt the greater
number of the children of this infa
mous progenitor are those with the fa
tal marks of perjury stamped, Cain
like, upon tBeir brow. "Lying always
rides upon Delt'a back" once wrote
Benjamis franpll. "The second vice
I runs into debt, he opens the sluice gates
t of falsehood. He professes his willing
ness to clasp hands with deception and
I deceit. The debtor says to his creditor,
"I have nb money this morning, but I
will pay you next week." His words
are false: he has no intention of pay
ing next week. The debtor says: "I
am now trying to sell some land. The
deal is almost closed: then I will send
you a check." The debtor knows he is
i a falsifier: he has no land to sell.
One of the dearest friends t ever hod
by this curse of running into debt be
I came a moral degenerate. lie went to
another friend and borrowed $600 and
gave as security some cattle which he
professed to own at that time in Kan
sas. In fact, he did not own a horn or
a hoof in all the world. So the perjury
habit, which Is often the offspring of
debt, will creep into a enan's heart as
a worm tunnels its way into the heart
of a great tree and leares there ioth
ing but death and corruption and filth.
"All liars shall have their part In the
take which burneth with tire and brinm
stone, which is the second death.' Be
ware, 0 man, how you uourish this de
stroying child of perjury, which is 9
ten the offspring of accursed Ilebt!
Welpless and Innecese tIeten.
Willful Debt is the fiend who cares
not how many helpless and innocint
Victims he may destroy in his own an
fAihilation. The pirates of old used to
raise their black ilags and prey upon
the ancient shipping. The robbers o!
Scotland used to place false lights
upon the shores so that the ships would
" be decoyed upon the rocks and the
wreckers could collect the broken ir
goes. The man who willfully runs into
debt is a human vampire who is suck
ing the lifeblood out of his butcher
and baker, his tailor and Landlord, his
friend and his enemy alike. He cares
not how he gets money so long as he
gets it. He cares not who has to suf
fer so long as his present desires are
satisfied. What is the natural and in
evitable result? There have been thou
sands of small retail merchants driven
Into bankruptcy because their custom
ers, supposed to be honorable men,
would not pay their bills. There have
been hundreds and thousands of poor
widows and orphans and aged and
helpless depositors of small sums in
the banks who have lost all merely be
cause the cashiers have become de
faulters and cared not whom they
dragged down with them in their own
moral and spiritual destruction. It is
a contemptible act for a man to steal
from a millionaire. It is Infinitely
meaner for a woman to steal from her
poor dressmaker, her cook or her wash
erwoman, or for a man to rob his gro
ceryman or iceman or his coachman or
the gardener who sells to him his flow
ers. It is meaner because those who
are robbed under such circumstances
must perhaps lose their all and be
driven to starve and die.
But if it is fiendlike for the willful
debtor to steal from his butcher and
baker, how much more criminal is it
for him to destroy the spiritual and
moral life of his own children! There
is many a man who is rearing his chil
dren after the exalted style of a mil
lionaire's children, who when he dies
will leave to them not one cent. In
other words, he is instilling into the
hearts of his boys and girls unnatural
desires, and then, when he i:; gone,
those boys and girls, in order to grati
fy those desires, may be led to plunge
into a life of dissoluteness and crime.
To illustrate, I would introduce to you
a young man who was once a gompan
ion of my youth. He was the son of
thý president of a large life insurance
company in the east. He came to my
home some time ago. "Why. Joe," I
said to him. "I have not seen you for
years. Where did you come from?"
"From poverty and want and drunken
ness and from nowhere," he answered
gloomily. "I have come to you for help.
Will you help me?" What was the
cause of that young men's downfall?
The extravagant life his father led and
the life he allowed his children to lead.
While that boy was growing up he
could have anything he wanted that
money could buy. His father sent him
on pleasure trips across the sea and
willingly paid all his bills; then, when
his father died, Joe and his sisters
were helplessly stranded. They had
the tastes and desires of millionaires;
they had the empty pockets of paupers.
Preparations for such tragedies are be
ing enacted today by selfish men all
round the world. As long as these
wickedly foolish fathers can satisfy
their present wants they care not what
may biome of their children after
they are gone. Every wise father
should teach his children that the red
breasted oriole of gold has wings swift
er than the winds. When it is gone, it
is very hard to overtake apd to bring
back. He should train each child to be
able to earn a livelihood independent of
any money he may bequeath to that
child.
A Well Dressed Villain.
Willful Debt is often a well dressed
villain who pretends to be an honest
man. In olden times if a man could
not pay his debts he was looked upon
in the same sense as a thief and sent
to jail. Under the old Roman law,
after spending a certain time in jail, if
he was still unable to pay his creditors,
he was sold Into slavery and had to
pass his life as a serf. Some one might
say that such a condition Is very hard
and unjust, and so it is. But, in many
cases, when a man will deliberately
enter a, store and run up a heavy bill,
which he has no intention of paying,
he is just as much a robber as the
sneak thief who rushes into the bakery
and steals a loaf of bread, and he
should have little mercy shown to him.
The debtor not only steals the grocery
man's goods, but he steals his time and
his service.
Many a man who for years has de
liberately run up all the debts he can
is today walking .around our streets
claiming that In the sight of the law
he Is honest. After deliberately swin
Sll~a. men be could be puts tile
little money he had left in his wife's
name. Then he enters the bankruptcy
court and asks the judge to free him
from all these financial obligations.
Now, 1 care not what the bankruptcy
court may say in such cases, no honest
man, in the sight of God or man, can
ever be morally freed from a financian
debt until that debt is paid. It is a
muan's business to pay what he owes,
no matter how the hill was contracted
One of the tirst signs of Zacch:eus' weal
conversion was when he turne4 to the
Saviout and said, "*iehold. Lord, the
half of my goods I give to the poor,
and if) have taken anything from any
man by false accusation I restor" g
him fourfoll." 5n othet words he saidt
"If I have cheated any *aan out of his
lust dues, I am ready riot only to *I
store to him the full amount of inonmf
taken, but t will restore to him double
and treble acid quadruple that which I
have taken." And no man. in the sight
of God, can be a Christian until he firs#
signifies his intention to repay ?o the
utmost of his aniility all the money
borrowed by him and to cancel ?iis ful4
obligations to .'eery one of his financial
creditor.. You cannot iave trod aSnt
aO the same time signify a willingness
b .heat your fellow sicn.
It is told of ,,aninl 'ehstsr h'it
lasne. T. Field. the faoiiau pltublistier,
wheim a young clerk. was sent *q ('0?
icet a bill from the great 'onstitutiono
lawyer. Mir. Webster tfurmei . hire
and said: "''oung minnn. 3line 910o mon
ey. Inever can pay cay debts. *-hut
is the good of your rciniag around and
bothering me? See, here j: my money
drawer; there is nothing in it." Witls
that Mv. Webster opened the *lrawef,
and, lo, revea&d within tas a big roll
of banknotes' fir. Webster's face light
ed up with a look of greti4 surprise.
`Well, well!" he said. "There is some
money. hlwonder where it came from?
Young man, help yourself." With that
Mr,, Webster turned his rack upon
young Field and buried his face in a
lawbook. *Ir. Field helped himself.
signed a receipt and left the room, and
Mr. Webster did not Took up for one
moment to see what he was doing.
Daniel Webster may have been a great
statesman, but he was not a business
man. He had no more right to ignore
his creditors like that than he had to
sell his vote in the United States sen
ate. And before God and man we have
no right to run up a lot of bills which
we have no intention of canceling.
"Owe no man anything" wrote the
greatest preacher who ever lived. That
means pay your butcher and baker
bills and rent just as faithfully as you
ought t pay for your church pew or
your dues to the missionary societies.
Aw rertunent 'uestIon.
5n closing I would like to ask my
hearers a pertinent question-Is not
the chief reason why you are unwilling
* publicly profess Christ because you
have not been living right with your
fellow men and trying to pay your hon
est debts? Dr. Wilbur Chapman, I
think it was, once told this incident in
a great evangelistic meeting. For some
weeks there was among the audience
to whom he had been preaching a man
who would not confess Christ. Dr.
Chapman could not understand why.
But one night this man came to his
hotel room and said: "Doctor, is there
help for me? I am a defaulter. I
stole so many thousand dollars from
my employers many years ago. They
have never found it out. What shall
I do?" Dr. Chapman told the man to
go back to his old employers and to
confess, and fully confess. what he
had done. Then Dr. Chapman told
that man to give up all his property
to liquidate part of the debt and to
pledge himself to pay back the balance
as soon as he could. The man did as
he advised.. In trying to undo the past
wrong he removed the obstacle which
had kept him from realizing that Christ
was ready to forgive him. My friends,
is the awful realization that you have
been financially unjust to your fellow
men keeping you away from the love
of Christ? Will you not try to undo
that wrong? Will you not follow the
command of Paul, who tells us to "owe
no man anything," the same Paul who
tells us to "press toward the mark fot
the prize of thesigh calling of God is
Christ Jesus?"
It way only take a small speck of
dust In the eye & blind the sight and
shht out the light of the noontide sun.
It may only take one bill which we
refuse to pay to otur neighbor to shut
out all the glories a heaven. Paul
does not ask of vs an impossibility, but
he does demand that we, one and all.
should not only love God with all our
souls, but also love our -fellow men
enough to be financially just to them
as well as merciful.
[Copyright. 1903, by-ouis Klopsch.j
General Boot a Oegetarian*
Few people are aware that Gener:t
Booth, head and founder of the Salva
tion *my, is a pronounced vegetarian.
In years he has eaten neither fish, fies9
nor eggs, says the Cincinnati Commer
cial Tribune. Even butter, milk of
vegetables cooked with fat are denied.
His diet is solely upon cereals, boiled
rice being largely his sustenance. 61e
occasionally eats rice for breakfast.
dinner and supper and then enters
upon the same diet the next day.
A member of the army said recently:
"General Booth believes In his body.
Yet meats and strong drinks he heair
ily despises. He will not smoke, be
cause he realizes that he has a nervous
system that must be protected. Hi
will not drink, partly from principle
and partly because he realizes that for
every stimulation there is an equal and
consequent reaction. He is a vegetarian
not merely because he Yelieves tht
primitive mankind-Adam and Eve of
the Bible-were vegetarians. but be
cause, after a long practical trial, he
finds himself far younger than his
years while the mortal parts of most
men, who laugh at what they call his
crankiness, are like John Brown's body
--a-moldering In the grave."