HERMAN LOEB
DEALER IN
Wool, Tallow, Beeswax, Furs.
ERCE STREET, NEXT TO V. S. & P. RAILWAY.
SHREVEPORT, LA.
..ntee to the sellers the best prices obtained in St. Louis, New
Vicksburg, Galveston and Houston markets. Prompt returns.
sten a Moment."
I have the completest stock of
rniture, Matting, Rugs
.... and Linoleums
I will make it to your interest to call and see me before you buy.
ve you call whether you buy or not. No trouble to show goods. *
J. A. Stephenson.
nting...
want good printing--commercial printing of value, we are ready
your order. The kind of printing we do is good printing.
Airm or man who wants good printing should bear in mind that
of printing we do is always good-the cheapest kind after all.
ers' Briefs a Specialty.
prices for orinting booklets, folders, circulars, cards, bill heads,
letter heads and everything which can be printed are fair
gtesonable-being much cheaper, taking in consideration the style
ity-than is generally paid for careless, ordinary or common
w-:rk. Ring up xooo.
sian & Carney Bros. Printing Co.
E NERICANTIL MFG. CO. LTD.
Wholesale Dealers in All Kiclads of
Produce, Field and
SGarden Seeds.
or SHREVEPORT STEAM BOTTLING
KS and SHREVEPORT STEAM
CANDY FACTORY.
-214 Texas Street, Shreveport, La.
)DREYFUSS & Co.
HOLESALE DEALERS IN
Boots, Shoes and Hats.
SPRING AND CROCKETT STREETS.
NTION TO COUNTRY ORDERS.
" " .... ..
ta .
. U- .to 1o a.m.
' fla P 8 , Resutec. , 6,
Room s4 ands6, Ftea t Floor.
freh at. Pe Deru Co. prOmptly attendted to.
E. W. Stlieihein. Thos. C. &krret.
Salr-i5 4 8mt,.·~~ii;~
TRYING TO KEEP
THE
MISSISSIPPI
WITHIN BOUNDS
[Special Correspondence.?
St. Louis, March 3.-The many re
ports of local floods on streams tribu
tary to the Mississippi river, coming as
they do much earlier in the year than
usual, have led old river men to fear
that a grave calamity is impending
and that when the swollen streams
combine in a mad ru4 down the Mis
sissippi the damage to property and
the destruction of life will be enor
mous.
There is always more or less havoc
wrought by the spring tloods. but it is
conceded that of late years the damage
done has been greatly lessened by the
OONIT UCTIIG RBEETM flN T ON THE MIS
8ISIPPI.
progress made in regulating the flow
of the water and in improving the nav
igable channels always to be found in
the Mississippi.
This work is in the hands of what is
known as the Mississippi river com
mission, which came into being as long
ago as 1879, and which has ever since
been trying to improve river conditions.
The present head of the commission is
Colonel Ames Stickney of the engineer
corps of the United States army, who
was at one time chief executive of the
Missouri river commission. The com
mission's offices are in this city and it
is *holly under the control of the war
department. Already more than $43,
rv hnn. tna haon o.t.PanI
In brief, what the commission is try
ing to do is to regulate the flpw of the
great river, and the difficulty of doing
this will be realized when it is stated
that there is a difference at times of as
much as fifty feet between the high
water and the low water level. When
the high water mark is reached, thou
sands of miles of land adjacent to the
river banks are flooded.
There are three leading theories
upon which it has been proposed to op
erate in effecting the much desired re
sult. These theories are respectively
termed the levee and jetty system, the
outlet system and the reservoir system.
The first of these is also termed the
restrictive system, and it is the one
which the commission has decided will
give the best results. The difficulties
attending all three systems are very
great, however, chiefly owing to the
fact that it is the tendency of the
mighty river to follow the line of least
resistance. It is this tendency which
requires constant combating and, in
cidentally, the annual expenditure of
large sums of money.
What is especially discouraging is
the fact that the river continually
makes cut offs-that is to say, it breaks
through the narrow necks around
which it runs in winding curves. When
this occurs, the whole course of the
channel is changed, sometimes in a
single night, and a circuit of many
miles is replaced by a straight line of
a mile or so, great damage resulting to
the territory afected.
To prevent these cut offs the commis
ofi supplements its revetments, ex
tendlng'`ar out into the river by huge
dams, and of recent years these revet
ments and dams have been of great
service in preventing the much dread
ed cut offs.
The commission operates on the theo
r1 th iS the water could all be forced
tou bthrolgh strictly defined limits,
t ecarry off its own sediment by
t *.-. er of its own flow and would
thas "scour out" a channel free of ob
struetioas. It was on the strength of
this idea mpinly that Captain Eade
built his famous jetties, below New Or
leans and certainly the jetties have
made a marked improvement in that
harbor. But the theory itself failed in
demonstratfon, for the river, instead of
Sowing with increased force between
the restrictions, followed its old habit
and strayed off into other passes of the
delis so that for a number of years
the channel between the jetties has
uly been maintained by the constant
eu.'of powerful dredging machines.
The Mississippi river commission has
sad the adme experience, and it, too, has
had to keep mammoth dredges in oper
ation. With their aid, however, marked
improvement in conditions 'has been
the result.
The second great theory, the outlet
theory, Is, the exact opposite of the
above. It operates on the belief that
the proper thing to do is to withdraw
all barriers and let the surplus water
brought down by the spring foods pass
away as quirkly as possible, the con
tention being that it is absolutely im-'
possible to keep the river within
boiinds
The thMd theort , the reservoir sys
tern, as tews a.roeates than either
t the qthers. -t Is emettially the Chfi
- aentheda oflt _el g the Surpius
t Wtasl
j~Xfl2:
WORD'S STRANGE MEANING.
Curious Calculatlon Regarding the
Deanition of "Up."
"Speaking of the relative meaning of
words," said an observant man, "re
minds me of a curious calculation I
made the other day in order to demon
strate that the word 'up' had no ab
solute meaning except in so far as it
means out from the earth's surface or
from the center of gravity. The ill':s
tration is a very simple one, but will
teach us a very complex lesson and
one of much value. It is 25,000 miles
around the earth. There are 5,2.8 feet
in an American mile. A rope stretched
around the earth would have W> he
about ?32,000,000 feet in length. Sup
pose we assume that we can wedge a
man of ordinary size Into every foot of
this surface on a line around the earth,
and suppose we should ask each one
of them to point up. Manifestly they
would point in different directions, in
just 132,000,000 different alirec(tin,:.
and yet ench man would be poi:ntinl
up. Exsetly oro-half of the hIi'n -
that is, 6G.,000.00-- would he pointin;:
in directly opposite' directions.
"For instance, there would ie two
men on every str:aight line through the
center of the earth, and. t!'ing on di
rectly opposite sides of the ea:rth, they
would point in directly opposite direc
tions. So one-half of the 'ups' would
be different from all the est. No two
'ups' would be the same. Suppose we
stick a peg in every inch of the dis
tance with the point extending straight
up. Here we would have 1.584,000,000
'up,' with the same differences ob
served In the other illustrations. If
we squeezed the spaces down 4 the
width of an ordinary pin, we can still
see that there would be a difference
between the 'up' of any one point and
the 'up' of every other point, and we
could carry this thing on and on until
the difference between the points
would be so fine, so utterly infinitesi
mal, that it could not be observed by
the heaviest and most powerful micro
scopic instrument. It would still be a
difference just the same.
"Suppose you should take the whole
surface of the earth and follow out the
same idea, how long do you suppose it
would take you to calculate the num
ber of possible 'ups' in the earth's sur
face? Much longer, I dare say, than
you would care to devote to the task,
and if you should do the work you
could not announce the result of your
labors in intelligible terms. The science
of mathematics could not make the
finding plain enough for the average
man. All of which may sound very
foolish. But it isn't. 'Up' is only one
of many words in the English language
which have no more than a relative
meaning. We understand, of course,
what is meant by 'up.' But few per
sons ever stop to think that the word
has only a relative meaning and that
there are many 'Ups,' more ups,' in
tact, than we can conveniently count."
-New Orleans Times-Democrat.
A Large Hearted Divine.
Like his great nonconformist brother,
Charles H. Spurgeon, in England. and
like' Henry Ward Beecher and Dr. Tal
mage, in this country, the late Dr. Jo
seph' Parker of the City temple, Lon
don, commanded very large fees for
fully half his pastoral life. Yet he
could truly say that after being fifty
years in the ministry he was not 50
shillings the richer for any preaching
outside his own pulpit
Dr. Parker gave freely of his money
as well as of his strength of mind and
body to the struggling ministers and
churches of his denomination. On one
occasion he had opened a suburban
chapel, and a critical and cynical per
son saw fit to question his disinterest
edness.
"You had to pay a pretty sum for Dr.
Parker's sermon, I suppose. I dare
say," said he, "it cost £25 at the very
least."
"That is the exact sum that passed
between us," returned one of the offi
cials of the chapel.
"Ah," sneered the cynic, "and that is
what you call giving the gospel of
Christ free to every one who asketh
for it?'"
"Precisely," was the reply. "That is
precisely what Dr. Parker did. He
gave us the sermon, and he gave us
the £25."
Itf Your Nae Is Smith or Lewis.
The Smith family and the Lewis
family are to have reunions at the St
Louis exposition, and all persons of
those names are expected to be pres
ent. Smith day has not yet been as
signed, but B. C. Culp, secretary of the
committee on ceremonies, has announc
ed Sept 23, 1904, as Lewis day, which
I appropriate because it is the anni
versary of the return of Lewis and
Clark, the explorers of the Northwest
Territory, to St. Louis. The Smiths
are arranging for an anniversary also.
Lynn Smith of Pennsylvania, who is
in charge of the interests of his fam
ily, is collecting money to erect a build
ing on the exposition grounds to serve
as a headquarters and loafing place for
everybody bearing the name of Smith.
All men named Smith will be welcome
to occupy the chairs on the porch, and
all women who have acquired that no
ble name eithei by birth or marriage
can have the use of the dressing room
to straighten their hats and put a dab
of .fresh powder on their faces. The
building will cost about $10,000.
Duty.
The things of the world are ever ris
ing and falling and in perpetual change,
and this change must be according to
the will of God, as he has bestowed
upon man neither the wisdom nor the
powder to enable him to check it. The
great lesson in these things is that man
must strengthen himself doubly at such
times to fulfill hfl duty and do what is
ight and must seek his happiness and
Inward ipseswo frI objects which can
HATS FOR SPRING.
As Advance Peep at the New .aalel
Millinery.
(Special Correspondence.
New York, March 2.-There is some
thing decidedly new in the finest of the
hats designed expressly for Eastet.
They are not only new, but striking
and remarkably becoming. I refer 0
the turban shape, which Was just
enough of that form to distinguish 4
from the others now in vogue.
One exceedingly striking hat was in
turban shape, with the brim two inches
deep, standing straight up all around
and being set out from the crown near
ly three inches in front and an inch
and a half in the back. The whole was
covered with cream colored velvet and
overlaid with rich cluny lace, mat
white. Under the brim was a series of
folds of crepe lisse in a deep cream.
Across the crown and reaching down
to the edge of the brim was a fiat band
of mink fur held by a fancy button.
Across the back was set a bunch of
frosted grapes and leaves. The grapes
were in several stages of ripeness. Most
of the leaves were white, and so were
the grapes, but the upper leaves were
shaded and frosted so that the whole
made a beautiful arrangement of color.
Another beautiful hat is in a modi
fied turban shape and is of ivory white
velvet, fine white chip and dark green
velvet. The hat is of the chip, all ex
cept the brim, which is of green velvet
bound with ivory white velvet top and
bottom. There is a drapery of the
white around the crown and at the
back is a donkey ear bow of both white
and green, two ends standing up and
two falling over the hair in the back.
The flat styles are quite as fashiona
ble as they have been. An example of
this shape is made of greenish gray
velvet, with the brim surrounded by a
drapery of handsome white lace, which
falls in the back to the collar. A very
unique trimming is formed of white
velvet calla lilies and their foliage.
These droop with the lace at the back.
Another hat was made on these same
lines, but had morning glories in all
their delicate and velvety tints instead
of the callas.
It is rare to see such large blossoms
on hats, but this year it seems as if
each person had her own ideas and
worked them out at will. Some of the
hats of the season have the most frag
ile and delicate flowers, and then again
we find great chrysanthemums,, roses,
pond lilies and now callas. The man
ufacture of these flowers is real art,
as the tiniest defect of nature is copied,
even to having some of the blossoms
faded and browned by the sun. Leaves
bitten by worms and twigs with spider
webs woven in them are often found.
There was one hat with something
of a faraway look of oriental royalty
about it. One might think it originally
intended for a shah if it were not among
the new head coverings for the fair
women of our own free land. The tur
ban had a deep brim, full three inches,
and set out but about three inches over
the brow and was quite close in the
back. The whole was covered with
white Indian crape, which has the
deepest and most pronounced crinkles
of any crape. This gave a beautiful
effect of light and shade. On the left
side was a large ornament of pearls,
bordered with a line of black and gold
cord. "Two rows of this crossed the
front and were festooned up at the right
side under another pearl ornament and
then reached the center of the back,
KArSTB MILLfINBY.
forming a military loop with tiny pi
quets at the end of the cord. At the
left side and held by the ornament was
a beautiful incurved aigret of white
with a faint yellow tint.
For more ordinary wear there are
basket weaves in all kinds of straws,
the most of them coarse, but still with
quite a number of the always desirable
chips, both black and white. The fold
ed chiffon brims are still among the fa
vorites, and many will be worn all
next season. The chiffon must be black
and well applied. It is by no means an
easy thing for an amateur to do. There
are shapes of the folded chiffon already
prepared for those who wish to trim
their own hats, and they are far cheap
er in thedong run than to try to make
them. I speak by the card.
Speaking of flowers on one of these
hats reminds me that I saw a hat made
of soft folds of French gray chiffon.
The crown and under the left side of
the brim were covered with beautiful
parma violets. Here and there a green
leaf showed, and all the rest was as
though one had fastened as many close
bunches of those lovely flowers to the
hat as could be made to stay on. Gray
in that particular shade with velvet
parma violets and a little green make
something very Frenchy and stylish.
A gray zibeline suit for Easter has a
turban hat to go with it. This is trim
aie only with violets, but such masses!
T a-onis very elegant and
# Z EURFSR.
(N EUMONIA.
-ose ontagious Than Bnbereutoisi,
and Kill1 More People.
We 'Wonder if the tact that Vatiersi
and their friends ignore the .ontagio.:
ness of pneumonia b often dlue Co ero
-essionut negligence. An exaggetat4e
conception 01 Ohe contagiousness of
tuberculosis Is %eld by Ge bty evot-d.
but 9neumonia is. dt course, far mc('
contagious. Anil patients and *rofes
sion alike have not realized the new
fact that the mortality of pneumonia
is in some cities and alZts of Ythe rousi
try tighet than fnat of tunlberculosis.
[)r. Iteynolds of fhicago return.s )
Suis lesson and emphasizes hie eeces
sity of the ollowing measures:
pneumonia is a Highly oonrtagioy,
disease, lhe raause of which *; a enicm
organism in She sputa of those suffer
ing from he manlady and contracted
by inhaling this germ. Therefore the
same care should R,e taken te, colle(d
and destroy She sputa that is taken is
pulmonary tuberculosis "o , i * liph
Lierin or Influenza.
)nuring the illuness the greatest pains
should be taken to prevent soiling bedt
elothing, alrpeots or eirniture with
sputa. an· after the illness the ,atient's
room should oe tholaughly *leanse6
and ventilatcct.
The fatn that *ie disease is 4eo00
*revalent in the winter season, where
people are mo4 crowded Shgether ani
live much of the time in badly venti
lated apartments, makes obvious the
necessity of thorough ventilation .4
houses, *ffices, factories, theater*,
churches, passenger cars and other pub
lic places in order thid the air which
must be breathed may be kept &lean
and free from Infectious matter.
Laymen should be taught not Qb ~e
afraid of a patient who has pneumo
nia, influenza or tuberculosis, but to be
afraid of lack of cleanliness about him
during his illness or failure to enforce
prophylactic measures and of close.
badly ventilated apartments during the
season when these diseases most pre
Since 9neumonl~ls most fatal at the
extremes of life-the young and the
aged--special care should be taken to
guard children and old persons against
exposure to the infection of those al
ready suffering with the disease anA
against cold, privation and exposure to
the weather, which are potent, predis
posing causes.-American Medicine.
Bed Endowed FPo Sietk ats.
Ruth Darling, a servant girl, died
some years ago at the residence of a
family uptQwn. She had always liked
animals and to her employer, during
her last illness, she said:
"I have a little money saved, sir. -
should like to do something with it for
the benefit of cats. Cats have a cruel,
hard life. I'd like to found a bed in a
hospital for them, so that when they
are ill they can be taken 'care of. A
bed for indigent sick cats-that is my
idea."
"Well. Ruth, such a bed would cost
money," said the dying woman's em
ployer.
"I know it, sir, and I've got mone3,"
she returned. "Look here, sir," and
she took from under her pillow her
bankbook. The book showed to her
credit a sum more than sufficient for
the establishment of the bed.
And, accordingly, in the Maher asi
rmal hospital uptown the bed was es
tablished on Ruth Darling's death. It
bears her name, and it is seldom if
ever empty. Like a club, it usually
has a waiting list-a long line of indi
gent sick cats waiting to be treated in
the Ruth Darling bed for nothing. The
bed is a commodious iron cage, with
an inscription of gold letters. Last
year fifty-six cats were cared for in it.
-Philadelphia Record.
No Ready Money.
At a Princeton alumni dinner held re
cently at one of the New York hotels
President Woodrow Wilson alluded to
the genius of Johns Hopkins as a mon
ey maker and said that on one occasion,
when fMr. Hopkins was more intent on
accumulating wealth than on the wise
disposition cf it, three young men wait
ed upon him to ask help for the local
Young Men's Christian association.
The New York Times repeats the story:
"But I have no money," Mr. Hopkins
said-"that is, I have no ready money.
I have a little property, but that, of
course. is not available. I don't see
how I can aid you."
"Well, Mr. Hopkins," said the spokes
man, "we shall be glad to take four
note."
"Um, h'm! Now, that's clever. Yob
shall have it." And he forthwith wrote
his note for $3,000, payable in six
months. As he handed it over he said,
"Tell me now what you are going to do
with this."
"We shall turn it into cash.
"But, see here," said Mr. Hopkins,
"what will that cost you?"
"Six per cent"
"That will never do. It's too much.
I'll discount it myself for 4."
"And he did," added President Wil
son, "although he had no 'ready' mon
ey."
Church Service In the Dark.
Religious services held in absolute
darkness are an experiment begun a
few weeks ago in London. The pur
pose was not novelty or notoriety, but
a desire to answer the objection raise..
by poorly dressed people against going
to any place where their shabby clothe
made them feel uncomfortable. The
experiment was made at St. James', in
Clerkenwell. A large sheet was hung
across the eastern end of the church.
and upon this tie words and musi of
the hymns, the prayers and responses
were thrown by a limelight lantern.
If the attention of the congre,-,,ation
was not con(c.,:trated 'n tie S11:· rl'.
the faflt ,r-nud not hI" attribute'. .: .y
desir:- cu st:.'jy the ta.' ioi.s.