AN ORPHAN ISLAND.
HOW SECRETARY ROOT'S DECISION
AFFECTS ISLE OF PINES.
A Beautiful Little Dot In the Carib
bean Whose American Inhabitants
Protest Against Coming Under Cu
ban Rule.
[Special Correspondence.]
Nueva G.erona. Isle of Pines, April I.
-This island i. still in a state of p1oliti
cal unrest, the (decision of Secretary
Ioot to the effect that Cuba, not the
United States, is its guardian having
only added fuel to the Ilsames of d(iscon
tent ii: the breasts of tie 30,\ Amcri
cans who sought homes ohre in the be
lief that Uncile Sani would assume con
trol. Tlherr is ninuch talk of appealing
to Iiho t'nited States congress, although
it is believed that Secretary Root's rul
ing has tlhe ietdorsomnnt of President
IRoosevel t.
The Isle of Pines has had a curioul
history. For more than two centurioe
bARBOR OF NtTBVA GERONA.
after its discovery by Columbus it was
the rendezvous of pirate fleets, who
preyed on merchantmen as far north
as the Carolinas and as far south as
Brazil. Many are the titles told of the
famous buccaneers who held sway
here. Later the island became notori
oau as the location of a Spanish penal
Institution, a colony being established
In which the majority were political
offenders. When Spain yielded in the
treent way, she relinquished all con
tl of the ilstnd, and it has ever since
been a matter of doubt whether the
United States or Cuba will have ulti
tmate ntrol.
f-i: .w t a geographical standpoint the
Aai n ~ ~wold prove -a vataable aces
At&s o fy` country Interested in South
A.. ei6mau affairs. In the satmse mwi
'taGs as ?Tas npa. Fla.. and in the samne
latitude as Yucatan. Mexico. It is re
gard ed~at at. tatge k)ey to the Carib,
b;en eU i and the Yucatan channel,
whtiehearnects the faribbean sea with
the . otif Mexioee, t is situated about
"stf witle anoth of the western end
of ,Cabe. Attention to its des.Irablity
aa tsfr l baea has been evoted anew
: b7.tt ttle inlxup between Venezuela
isd th powers.
IT $se'thaisland te about as large as
t fta of Rhode Itand. This town is
Sto *atkataos Oubs, the tslialce
*ni fsawv -er:n. 4to Havana being
+: .to tt - ~ ety Miles. Ifrveithe.
tes t etistin 'condilions it re>
Qilte atit y to com.plte th9 orniie7
3the -s thbir tlfl f wbte are by
:j e+ :f-. s :a: m ust -
emsaf t Pheeas a potpte ion d.
:a "Itilag in the atalupe. die
memsitt r bt h skei. it fact& the
-i leaie is prate~ee·stvtatwbft
a allas at hIgh t tkn:ide ee ntatnr
-amCras t0h, .tr asectio he h se
otite northern a Is remarkably fter
f stle, ast. iattio Amerleains who
h'ae:. toi lrted iather can testify.
Isa of Pfles potatoes are greatly do
alee- :rteie:ous ofa Cuba ad bring
Ita- ye the potatoes the United
:.teast. m -rItui teow a d t fly. nd
Ighe Wdas l- sthe pa r : .k, piu t:e
t nam ar ineepde Natee, a at
Mow capetria nati the st ign oant f
re t a tees s oul e oifr these rad
* stotslun , tv b.er
t th t oo m the .dBt roalof h
sc ofeme ft tthese usvEES
Anraleirsln a"te hsreat a'. bog
y ,n*j b.a i ariti pere , tinuestr wah
½asysoa. hte s rlit ond thid bosYis 1
te q e saarblt, reome *ar a t ae to)k
b* beams bores otatibke liate va bee
'-it bttth. larishl foruordleusy strew.
l seat .th wh it tashi9Mt* nld
ta Ois rear eItumo
tS n ta. otr stadtb. WMCIl
t "mi l an :r lie- ia
9y^ lta _netadeshba tet
THE LITERARY FOLKS.
John Burroughs an a Government
Clerk--A Story About Pennell.
[Special ('orrespondence.]
Chicago. April 14.-When President
Roosevelt Iassed through this city r'
cently, perhaps the most eonspicnllou
member of his party and the one whoi.:
the people see tiled ilmost a;lxious to s
after the chief i.xecutive was .to:.:l
Burroutghs. For not only is the po
naturalist., essayist and iznterprterl ,.1
the seasons kinowVn to the literary "o
but to every lover of naiture who r ...
at all.
It is recalled that .olihn lhirrlun!
has not alwayts eeni fhtr .,,,) of 1:
In high stat:in. i ý V 1 ., i WI :,
ington hlb 'e nii i lw\\; v n ui lti:
guest it the White llm,'.
Forty y 'a. ig.o, fior t. i niit rr i;
now sixty-six vyoais of :i, hei \Vll I
Washington fron his honne in IN l
ware counlty, N. Y'.. to aicept an ni
pointtment in the It' isury dtopartmete
He has a good deal to stay in his early
books about W\aslhintlon. Ilhe w 'ni
there' he says. "during the Arcadiani
age of the capital before the easy goin:
southern ways had gone out and the
prim ntew nortlhertl ways hald come in
and when the domestic animnals were
treated with distinguished considera
tion and given the freedom of the city:"
He leased an old place with an acre
of ground attached almost within the
shadow of the dome of the capitol, and
behind the high but aged and decrepit
board fence, he says, he Indulged in
rural and unclerical tastes. In this
mixture of city and country he strove
to throw off the incubus of his depart
mental work, which never set easily
upon his shoulders. He spoke his heart
when he wrote:
"Ah, when that creaking and sagging
gate closed upon me in the evening I
was happy, and when it opened for
my egress in the morning I was not
happy. Inside that gate were a minia
ture farm, redolent of homely, priml
tive life; a tumble down house, antd
stable and implements of agriculture
and horticulture, broods of chickens,
growing pumpkins and the thousand
and one, antidotes to the weariness of
artidelal life. Outside of it were the
marble and iron palaces, the paved
and blistering streets and the vacant
mahogany desk of a government clerk.
In that ancient inclosure I took an
earth bath twice a day."
At a recent gathering of English and
American literary men in London that
irrepressible American, Mr. Joseph
Pennell, who has been so long abroad.
told an amusing story of how he once
found himself stranded In the Spanish
town of Granada. lie went promptly
to the Blritish consulate and bluntly
told the consul's secretary of his
straits.
That functignary blandly assured
him he had, listened to similar yarns
s- often that he was rather tired of
them and that the 'consul would not
assist. But the artist as blandly In
formed him that if there was anything
. .
-a HAD LtaTED TO SIMILA aHNas.
In the proverb about blood being thick
er than water he was going to put it to
tie test and ask the consul to get the
Bank of Granada to advance'him 500
petais to enable him to return home
tndnatfort to London.
The upshot of the matter was that
Mr. Peaneil did see the consul, and-the
latter advanced the money on his note'
A riend of the artist was visiting
'the consul some time later, and one
'i;enla his host mentioned that an ex
trtirdinary,. person had called upon
:bt and spun an extraordinary yarn
and actually inducded him to part withl
O(pesetas.
"Well, there's only one man in the
weorid who has the nerve to do a thing
like that," said tile visitor, "and his
same ~ s' Penneil." '
'"That's the man!" said the consul.
The many readers who are familia:
with the work of Mr. C. Hanford, Hen
derson; whose "Education and the Lar
ger Life" has given him an undisputed
piece in the front ranks of present d:ty
.'phbiep worthy of the name, will
be latetested to know that Mr. Hen
dssn is &e author of a recently pub
[lished volume of flction which is bein
rteeived by the critics with words of
hugh appreslation. "John Pereyfield" is
-t itre 'ot Mr. Henderson's latest
b . 'It .. not. exactly a novel, but
a~t . st itereig .narrative -in
-Cm philosophy..anecdote and
sýie& tom.a* camrse
THE MAYBRICK CASE.
Interest Revived In the Promis
ed Release of the Prisoner.
MANY EFFORTS OF SYMPATHIZEr;
Review of the Trial In Which Thoa
sanda of People Believe an Innu
ent Wonlun WVan lile Vietinh of :
Grosm Micsearriage of Justice.
[S :,,,ia ( I orres.pond .nee.]
LotdonI, April 7. --'The :lllltoulnceOll:.
that Mrs. FIlorencie Mayl.rick will I
released from Ayl'sbtuliy, prisonl up:
the order of thle Iritish hiome set
tary in July. 1'!t)4. has created sllttl
less Iof a s5'lsatio tIIhLLl didt the repori
of her COll\iceion aIdlll sentence to de':l ' j
nearly liflteen yearl' ago, tholglih it I
public is mov1ed by vastly dilf.":l':'
lnotions at thills timne. Now the fetni.
is one of well niigh universal joy :iaI:
satisfpction. Then it was one of P idi
spread disapproval and protest aL;nitril
what, in the minds of many, seemI ed
miscarriage of iustlce.
Mrs. Mllaybrick was. as the worl:l
knows, convicted of the murder of her
] Mflh. ILORNCE MAiYhRIOK.
[At the time of her marriage.]
husband, James Maybrick, in Liver
pool in 1889.' She was an American
and a most attractive young wom:u.
facts which no doubt greatly enhanced
the interest in the ease. Before hier
marriage she was Florence Elizabelth
Chandler, being a daughter of William
G. Chandler, a wealthy and respecttil
banker of Mobile, Ala., in which ciI.
she was born in 1862. Through both
parents she was highly connected, and
the names of her kinsmen shine bright
ly on the roll of America's soldiers.
statesmen, jurists, preachers and an
thors. The first year of her life was
passed in her southern home, a large
white house with a magnificent gar
den of roses, surrounded by the rich
and varied vegetation of the south
The ftther d6ld in 1860. during the
civil war, and the widow sought refuge
with her mother in New York.
The family subsequently came to fn
rope. cnd Florence was educated ib
Germany. meanwhile her mother Iha'
ing married the Baron de Roque. Loat
she returned to the United Staties
where in 1878 she met James May
.brick.' He was then forty and she oal.
sixteen, but a curious sort of liking al
most to fascination sprang up betwecen
them. Her family strongly opposed the
match owing, it is said, to the disparity
in their ages and to his dissipating hab
its, and it was not. ll after eighteen;
months 'delay that they gave a reluc
tant consent. The marriage took planc
in London in July, 1881, and Mr. an'
Mrs. Maybrick shortly afterward pro
ceeded to America, where they lived
for some years. They returned to Entg
land to permanently reside in Grassert
dale, near Liverpool, Mr. Maybricli
crryAing on his business in that city.
For a time their lives seemed to run
along smoothly and even happily. Then
,there arose disagreements, appareitly
arising from the relations of a ir., Brier
ley, though. these relations were neve,
shown to be of an improper character,
The husband having alienated Wi
wife's affections by lif- own infidi lity
a violent quarrel took place beta;i'
them in Mtarch, 1889. and i~r. Maybrjvi!
on that occasion beat her Severely
blackening her eyp. ghd then cons.ea;
ed a htwyer. deciing upon ia separ.i
tion, The two were ;41nally reconciles
through the efforts of the famaily phy
sician. Mr. Maybrick's jeaiousy n::,
diairust, however, continued, and i1
made a will April 25. 1889. in whiris
this was manifest. He had been ;
chronic ~tfferer from dyspepsia, whir,
was aggravated by his dissipated life.
His symptoms were particularly unfa
vorable in 1888. at which time he w.:'
living amicably with his wife. Many
of his symnptoms were such ais aris:
from habitual use of arsenic. Failing
to get relief-Irom his family physician
in Liverpool, he went to London and
-eonsulted the physician of his brother.
Michael Maybrick, who afterward be
came Mrs. Maybrick's most relentlessi
t vitnditive enemy. Mr. Maybrigk
habitually dosed hinself with danger
ean drgs, doublinag the quantity pjre
uba au boasting of his knowledge
S :Si After Id. death great
an ingredlent It had been shown that
during his residene.' in America prior
to this ttme he lhad been a c',,ltirliied
arsenic cater and wa:'; well ac lniiited
with its eKecls on hiii sy'tem. The va
rious physician \-i wo :ttenlcd Mir.
Miaybrick h:d lnot .,.usp,,ected1 li ,.
Tilhe filst cnus;ation w\.:! ulade by ii
chnl Mayblrick.
The ris;lts of the trial tre well
known to the Amnerie.n public-: a1 tri'
before a judge of tunsouinl mind. 'h:
was shortly afterwa\\"rd retired becauiS
of his intirmlity, dying a little nlter in
a private in lvie asylutil, ani who ha:
clpied two lf the e'ight d;:lys ('Onsll. l el
by the tyrial, was at the timle chair:ct'ri
Hdil by Sir ('hmrhes itussell l(aIter Lorn
(hief .Juslice ltr ssiellb. the luris;nr'
I'ont:is l. as "llassiollteloy invitii. In I,
jury to intil( a verdiic t of guilty,
raging like a vioilenlt eolsel for I
proste'l itiol aga :lilst l her."
\VTheli the verdl lland senence w"uIr'
nutde known hoho he on ht thecolnrll1'y.
It is no et'X:ia ertion to saly that ti'
news was receilved with lg'e:lter astein
islhent than that caused by any vri
diet of at Jury dIuring the century. It
was not merely the ordinary puilih
that was astonished, but the trained
legal intellects present at the trial, in
eluding the counsel for the crown. It
I was felt that a gi'eat error had o.
curred, that a judicial murder wva
about to be committed, and numerons
petitions against the infliction of th,
death penalty were immediately signed
all over the V'niied Kingdom. These
petitions were not wholly the result of
sympathy for tile condemnned, but ratih
er of an almost universal feeling thlat
the case was not clearly proved and
that Mrs. Maybcick might, after all, be
innocent of the crime of murder.
Before the time set for the execution
the home secretary, Henry Matthews.
who, except the crown. is alone vested
with power to review the trial of ca;
ital crimes or exercise clemency, coni
muted the sentence to penal servitude
for life, stating that the evidence "did
not wholly exclude a reasonable douehi
But the efforts in behalf of Mrs.
Maybrick did not close with this ri
sult, which was felt to he unsatisfii
tory. With the commutation of lthe
death sentence to life imprisonmeinl.
however, the British authorities rested.
and the steady stream of petitions and
appeals from all over this country alnd
America from that time to this have
failed to move them to further acts of
clemency. On several occasions Mrs.
Maybrick personally petitioned the
late Queen Victoria, asking for one of
twd things-either a pardon or a public
investigation Into the evidence. Under
the English law a condemned prisoner
has no right to a reinvestigation of the
evidence--in other words, has no right
of appeal-and if unjustly condemned
can only hope for reparation through
a pardon from the crown upon the
recommendation of the home secretary.
This all the home secretaries from Mr.
Matthews down to the present refused
to do, and Queen Victoria declined to
take the initiative In the matter, an
attitude which has been assumed by
King Edward.
Under what many people think to be
a mistaken notion of "maintaining the
majesty of the law" the British au
thorities have kept Mrs. Maybrick in
prison since 188) regardless of the
number and character of the appeals
for her release. The petitions from
the United States have been particular
ly numerous and insistent, hundreds of
the signetts being people of high offi
cial and social standing-presidents.,
cabinet officers, supteme court justices
and members of congress, to whom It
would seem the British authorities
'would not be adverse to making rea
sotable concessions.
But the promised release of Mrs.
Maybrick does not come as a result of
these petitions, nor indeed is it in any
respect an act of clemency., Mrs. May
brick is not to be pardoned. but simply
released in accordance "with the usual
British custom. The sentence of life
-- 4
-QIUSE OF MRS. MAYBRTOCK'S MOTT1ER AT
ROUEN, FRANCE.
imprisonment in England virttu.;ll
means twenty years, but as good b:
havior in prison still further red(uce.'
the period of incarceration and as M -s.
Maybrick has been known as a "gyo, I
conduct prisoner" her term at the tijlm
set for her release will have been ,re
duced to about fifteen years.
Mrs. Mlaybrick's mother, the Ba r:m
ess de Roque, who has never doubted
the innocence of her daughter nor
ceased to work and pray for her frei -
dose, lives in the outskirts of Rouen. in
a tiny, house of a few rooms of lillip!i
tian dimensions\ for which she lxars
about $10 a month, her once ample for
tune having been dissipated in efforts
to secure her daughter's restoration to
liberty. It is understood that imine
diately upon her release Mrs. Maybrick
and the baroness will go to the tUnited
States, where they have large financial
iestsanOw in 1tigation which re
WHEN IN NEED OF ANY
Fancy or Staple Groce.
FISH, OYSTERS, FRUIT,
or an}-thing in our hin. phIunc or sey, u, t t lei, We will 4
prompt delivery and the v Ieryi t iu-i!_ :t ! . ;,, aces. wi
take a lnolk at our new line n[f lFa cy .,o lýI ! Is t i. .
The I. X. L. Grocery Co.
512 and 514 Texas St. Phones 87 and 164.
DR. MOFFETT'S
(TEETHING POWDERS)
Cures Cholera-Infantum. Diarrhoea. Dysentery and the Bowel Troubles of
Any Age. Aids Digestion, Regulates the Bowels. Strengthens the Child
TEETHING EASY. Cures Eruptions and Sores, Colic. Hives and Thrus.'
and prevents Worms TEETHINA Counteracts and Overcomes the Eff
Summer's heat upon Teething Children. and costs only 25 cents at
mail 25 cents to C. J. MOFFETT, M. D., St Louis. Mo.
Orton Hotel aD Restaur
OPEN I.)\Y .\N ) ;,Il;lT. ,
Regular Meals Served, 2
Best in the City, - -
SHORT ORDERS A SPICIAL\.TY.
SPECIAL ATTENTION TO) (OITR \ TROUPES.
ELEGANT ROOMS--BAVIII CONNECTION.
701-3-5-7 Texas Street, Corner of Loui
We want our merchant friends in the cou
know that our plant is brand new and up to
all respects, and all printing entrusted to us
turned out promptly and in the very latest s
THE CAUCASIAN.
The Florsheim Bros. Dry Qoods C
EXCLUSIVELY WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
Dry Goods, Notions, Boots,
and Hats.
510, 512 and 514 Levee-Street. New York Office 77 F
S. B. HICKS, President: YALE HICKS, Vi.'e
W. F. CHASE, Secretary-Treasurer.
DIRECTORS.
YALE HICKS, S. B. HICKS, F. H. GOSMAN, W .F
T. H. SCOVELL. G. H. STEVENSON. -
THE HICKS COMPA
[LIMITED.]
WHOLESALE GROCERS
and COTTON FAC
Office and Warehouse Corner Spring and Travis Streets, ao
Texas and Lommer,, ,trMets.
BOWERS' DRUOSTO
sue. to Aug. J. Bogel.
Books, ,s Stationery, * Toilet * ArO
and Fancy Goods.
Manufacturer of Flavoring Extracts, Pure Soda and
era! Waters. Agents for Smith-I'remiar Typewriterrs.
Fresh Garden Seed.
Prescriptions carefully compoundedl with the best and
drugs. All favors aprpciated ,i ordehrs givenp
attention.
FRED W. BOWERS. Proprietor.
C. C. Hardman & Co.,
W holesale and Retail i,'al : :i
LUMBER, SHIN(GLES, SAS
Doors, Blinds and (icncrail I .ouse
Finishing (G,,ods.
Office and Salesroomnis Corner SIrin':;- ! ( ;,,::
Tumberr Y r mI I Tleil
SHREVEI( .. I
Gardeners and Truck Farm
TAKE NrOT;CE!
. ~e have rccc ivi i ,ur :I w ,-r, , , . Field
den. Seeds from N, rthern and E.:dter ed
strong ger inting . wcr, , urets
dant harvest and mei(an! s m l ·or ,lht'k in 1 ; " y
\Vrite for cataloguc and ask fr -ps : ' " ".rn,
Barley. Wheat. Amber and (_ang ( . '' I . ocr
Seed Potatoes. or send us your order. cto
o Tr.as st. TUSTEN & W
- 4. . ". . ..