Poerin & Co,,
ccessors to W. C. Perrin.
Factors, Real Estate
..a Rental Agents.
St. Shreveport, La.
our personal attention to the
on.
members of the Cotton Ex
have access to all the latest
ities for storing and insuring
complete.
make liberal cash advances
ents of cotton.
of real estate is large and at
we think we can please all
purchasers.
hot.ses and farms, collect
prompt renuttances, and
for non-residents.
patronage and expect to
by strict attention to busi
eport Turf
ange.
latest and most reliable
from the races,
Every day at the
REVEPORT
F
XCHANGE
come and get the results
taken from responsible
parties.
ABERT,
of an' Dealer in
Saddles,
ars, Whips,
ES, ETC.
AGE TRIMMING
ATTENDED TO.
NEAR COMMON.
PORT, LA.
I1. SMITH,
ad Counsellor
Law.
on Sorine street
tate and Federal
EITZ,
(iroceries.
SSTREET.
my new clina
Waring
ker
ware.
wards Street
ICING.
Knives and
S.
a specialty.
tuided to day
wifl sell roand
and San
NEARLY ANNIHILATED
Disastrous Defeat of the British in
Dast Part of Africa.
HUNDREDS ARE SLAIN
So Great Were the Losses of the Red
Coats That Only Thirty-Seven
Escaped From Sanguin.
e arv Affair.
London, April 24.-The war office
t has received from Brigadier General
Manning, in command of the British
i forces in Somaliland a dispatch dated
twenty miles westward of Galadi Som
aliland, April 18, as follows: "1 re
gret to report that flying column un
der-command of Colonel Cobbe, which
I left Galdi, April 10, to reconnoiter the
road to Walwal, had a most serious
t check April 17. On the morning of
1 April 17, Colonel Cobb roas at Gum
burru, forty miles to the weste ard of
Galadi and had decided to return to
Galadi owing to serious difficulties in
finding the road to Walwal and to the
shortness of water. He was about to
leave his protected c.,np when firing
was heard in the direction of a small
party under Captain Olivey. which
had been sent out in a westerly direc
tion to reconnoiter. At 9:15 in the
morning Colonel Cobbe dispatched
Colonel Plunkett with 11f0 men of Se'c
ond battalion of the King's Africans.
eight of the Second Sikhs and two
Maxim guns for extrication of Captain
Olivey, who had not been engaged
Colonel Plunkett on joining the de
tachment continued to push on. At
11:45 Colonel Cobbe heard heavy fir
ing in the direction taken by Colonel
Plunkett. At about 1 o'clock in the
afternoon a few fugitives who were
coming in reported Colonel Plunkett
had been defeated with loss. The
news has been fully corroborated
since, and I have to report the total
loss of Col. Plunkett's party with ex
ception of thirty-seven Yaos. who have
arrived here. The latest information
extracted from the fugitives is to the
effect that Colonel Plunkett pushed on
after enemy's forces to open the
countryt seven miles westward to
Gumburu, where he was attacked by
a very strong force of mounted troops
and enemy's infantry, who attacked at
close quarters. He kept back the en
emy until he had no more ammuni
tion, when he formed a square and
charged with bayonets in the direc
tion of Colonel Cobbe's lirba. He mov
ed some distance in this man
ner, but a great many men,
including Colonel Plunkett him
self, were killed or wounded by the
pursuing enemy. At the last the ene
my's infantry overwhelmned the
.square and annihilated all with the
exception of thirty-seven fugitives
above mentioned.". The dispatch
closed with the list of officers and men
missing and killed in action, namely:
Colonel A. W. Plunkett. Captain John
son Stewart, Olivey, Noris and Mc
Kinnon and Lieutenants Gaynor and
Bell, all of King's African rifles; Cap
tain Vizey of Second Sikhs; Captain
Hims of India medical staff, two white
privates, forty-eight men of Second
Sikhs and 124 men of the African ri
fles. Two Maxim guns were also lost.
Another dispatch from eGneral Mar
ning, who immediately on hearing of
the defeat of Colonel Plunkett started
for Gumburru with 660 men.'says fur
ther information reached him from
Colonel Cobbe to the effect that the
latter with 220 troops was encamped
with plenty of food and supplies and
four days' water. He has about 1000
camels and does not think he can
withdraw from his position without
assistance. because the scrub is thick
and the ehemy's forces seem likely
to be on the offensive. General Man
ning adds: "1 march again directly
and expect to arrive at Gumburru to
morrow at noon. I shall accomplish
the extrication of Colonel Cobbe with
as much traqfsport as possible and re
turn to Galadi. I can only carry suf
ficient water for the march to Gum
burru returning directly. I shall there
fore, he unable to advance against the
enemy If latter holds back."
Report hI Confirmed
Arden, Arabia, April 24.-The Brit
ish transport Harding arrived from
Berberia, the capital of Samoalland,
east Africa, and confirms the report
of the defeat of the British in Samoa
liand. Offcers of the Harding say
that ten officers and 180 men of a to
tal British force of 220 men killed in
an engagement with Somalis.
One Kilted and Three Injured.
St. Louis, Aprilr 24.-William G. Su
helfels of St. Paul was killed and
three persons were injured in a col
lision between two sections ofia pas
sener train near Sprin Valley, on the
Chicago. Minneapolis, St. Paul and
Omaha railroad. At the top of a hill
the rear coach broke from the train.
stopped awhile and then lunged down
the hill and ran into the forward part
of the train, which had slowed up.
Paper and an Address.
Detroit, Mich., April 24.-At the
session of the annual National Mu
nlcipal League, a paper on "'The Mu
nicipal Situation in the Prt!ipp!nes"
was read by Dr. Paul S. PRinsch of
the University of Wiseon#in. Dr.
John Fairlie of the University of
Michigan delivered an address on
"Instruction in . Municipal Govern
ment."
"Ola Rickey" Inventor Suleides.
New York, April 24.--Colonel Jos
eph Kyle Rickey, said to be the orig
Inator of the famous drink known as
"ginricky," comitted suicide by drink
r'cky," comitted suicide by drink.
la carbolic acid. He was formerly a
rpldept of St. Loias.
RATHER DRAMATIC.
Mrls. Youtsey Touched Howard and Cor
dially Shook Hands With Him.
Frankfort, Ky., Api. 24.-J. M.
Hardgrove of Pulaski county was the
first witness in the Howard trial Thurs
day. He had testified in former trials
and hs testimony was not different
from that given heretofore In some
points.
John Mastin, a local hardware mer
chant, told of Youtsey and Dr. Johnson
coming to his store ten days before the
shooting and trying to buy a Mauser
rifle. Mastin said he declined to sell
as he heard much talk of killing and
suspected it might be used for that
purpose. Youtsey offerer to return the
gun and sell it back to the witness at
his own price in a few days, but wit
ness still refused and Youtsey told
him not to mention their conversation
to any one.
E. M. Moore of Madison county swore
he was in the Board of Trade hotel
talking to James Hward and Robinson
when it was announc.d Goebel had
been shot Witness had just met How
ard.
Mrs. Henry E. Youtsey was called
as a witness at the afternoon session,
but was not permitted to testify as to
the conservations between her husband
and herself. As she left the stand she
touched Howard on the shoulder and
caused him to look around, shook
hands with him cordially and also with
his wife The incident was to a degree
dramatic.
4IlF- T( TUSKEGEE.
Carne-'; (;ive' Si. 91undred Thousand
Ioilar% to Thatl. Institute.
N4ew York, April 2-1.-The trustees of
the Tuskegee Normal and Industrial in
stitute in Alabama have received $600,
000 towards tlw endowment fund from
Andrew Carnegie, who attended the re
cent meeting in behalf of the Tuskegee
school where ex-President Grover
Cleveland presided. The trustees will
meet soon to take formal action in ac
cepting the gift and at the same time
to take measures to still further in:
crease the endowment. Mr. Carnegie's
letter conveying the gift says:
"I give this wit.out reservation ex
cept that I require that suitable pro
vision be made from the gift for the
wants of Booker T. Washngton and his
family durng his own or his wife's life.
I wish that great and good man to be
entirely free from pecuniary cares,
that he be free to devote himself to
his great mission.
"To me he seems one of the greatest
of living men because his work is
unique, the modern Moses, who leads
his race and lifts it through education
to even higher and better things than
a land overflowing with milk and
honey."
Surprise to Vuahington.
New Yor, April 24.-Booker. T. Wash
ington said concerning the Carnegie
donation: "Mr. Carnegie's gift came as
a complete surprise, although he has
alivyas taken a deep interest in the
question of educating the negro. One
year ago he gave us $20,000 to build a
library and for a long time he has
contributed Yv0,000 a year toward our
current expenses. We are striving hard
to complete an endowment fund of
$2,000,000."
ASSAULTED TWO.
Diabolical Deeds of a Negro Fiend at a
City in Indiana
Brazil. Ind.. April 24.-For a time It
looked as though Brazil would have a
lynching. Thos Burk, a negro, who
says he came from Bangor, Me., caught
the ten and twelve-year-old daughters
of Frank Redman ,a blacksmith, while
they were playing in an alley in the
rear of a schoolhouse. The negro
dragged the two girls into the school
house yard. where he assaulted them
e drew a razor and threatened to cut
their throats if they made an outcry.
One of the girls escaped and gave the
alarm. A posse found him behind a
kiln at the Indiana paving brick plant
Burk said that if the officers had been
a few minutes later they would have
found his body on the railroad, as he
was waiting for a passenger train and
Intended to throw himself in front of
it. The two girls are prostrated.
The nrogressive merchant insists that
his clerks present a neat appearance be
cause they represent his store and his
goods. He insists that his stationery pre
sent a neat appearance because it repre
sents his business. If we orint it you will
be sa'isfied. Phone one thousand.
CHARTER
Of THE W. H. HEARNE COMPANY.
LIMITED.
United States of America. State of
Louisiana, Parish of Caddo: Be it
known that on this the 17th day of April,
A. 1). 90o3. before me, Allen Rendall. a
Notary Public in and for the parish of
Caddo and State of Louisiana. duly com
missioned and qualified, and in presence
of the witnesses hereinafter undersigned,
personally came and appeared the sev
eral persons whose names are hereunto
subscribed. who severally declared that
availing themselves of the provisions of
the laws of this State relative to the
organization of corporations, they have
contracted and agreed, and do by these
presents agree and bind themselves, as
well as such other iprsons as may here
after become as.sociated with them, to
form and constitute a corporation and
body corporate in law. for the objects
and purposes and under the agreements
and stipulations hereinafter set forth and
expressed.
ARTICLE 1.
The name of this corporation shall be
"THE \V. H. HEARNE COMPANY,
LIMITED." under which name it shall
have corporate existence and succession
for a period of ninety-nine years from
the date of this act, and shall have nower
to contract, sue and be sued, to purchase,
lease, mortgage, pledge, alienate or en
cumber real estate or personal property
of every description, and generally to
have and exercise, for all purposes con
nected with or incidental to its business
as hereinafter set forth, a'l powers con
ferred upon corporations by the laws of
the State of Louisiana.
ARTICLE II.
The domicile of this corporation shall
lie in the city of Shreveport. State of
Louisiana. Citation and all other legal
process shall he served upon the presi
dent of the company, and in his absence
on the secretary-treasurer of the com
ARTICLE Ill.
This cornoration is organized for the
purpose of purchasing and selling lands,
timber and personal property, and the
purchase, manufacture and sale of lum
ber, and to buy, manufacture and sell
articles made of lumber, and to establish
and conduct a saw-mill brsiness, and to
carry on a general merchandise business,
and to purchase and sell goods, wares
and merchandise.
ARTICLE IV.
The capital stock of this corporation
shall be twenty-five thousand ($25,o00)
dollars, to be represented by two hun
dred and fifty (250) shares of capital
stock of the par value of one hundred
($ioo) dollars. This corporation shall
commence business when ten thousand
($Io,ooo) dollars of the capital stock are
subscribed and paid for. All stock shall
be fully paid for in money or its equiva
lent in property, before certificates there
for shall issue. All transfers of stock
shall be made on the books of the com
pany.
ARTICLE V.
All the powers of this corporation
shall be vested in and exercised by a
Board of Directors, consisting of three
stockholders, who shall be selected at
the annual meeting of the shareholders,
to be elected on the first Wednesday in
February of each year; notice of this
meeting shall be published ten days prior
to the holding thereof, in one daily news
paper published in the city of Shreve
port. La. At said meeting every share-.
holder shall be entitled to cast one vote.
in person or by proxy, on every share of
stock owned by him, and the majority of
votes cast shall elect. The Board of
Directors shall prescribe the manner in
which said meeting shall be held and the
votes cast and the result ascertained. The
failure to hold any annual meeting shall
not terminate this charter, but the of
ficers then in office shall continue in of
fice and shall summon an annual meeting
as soon as ,ossible.
The Board of Directors of this cor
poration shall exercise all the powers,
both general and special, vested in this
corporation, as fully in every respect as
the same might be exercised by the
stockholders of the company, and shall
in no case be required to summon a
meeting of the shareholders of the com
pany to ratify or authorize an act, con
tract, alienation or encumbrance done or
entered into by the said board.
The first Board of Directors of this
company, who shall hold office until the
first Wednesday of February, lOO4, and
until their successors are elected and
qualified, shall be: D. C. Richardson, W.
H. Hearne and J. G. Newberry, with D.
C. Richardson as president, W. H.
Hearne vice president. and J. G. New
berr-, secretary, who shall also be treas
urer.
1 he officers of this corporation shall be
a president. vice president and secretary
treasurer. Every director shall own at
!least one share of the capital stock of
'this company.
At all meetings of directors, the ii
rectors not present in the city of Shreve
piort may give their proxy or power of
attorney to a director present. who may
he present to cast the vote of the absent
directors on all matters that may come
before the board, in such sense as the
dirsetor to whom the proxy is given may
see- proper, or the proxy may contain
specific directions how and in what sense
the vote of the absent director shall be
cast.
ARTICLE VI.
This charter may he amended by a
vote of three-fourths of the stockholders
held at a general meeting convened for
that purpose. after fifteen days' notice
published in one of the newspapers pub
lished daily in the city of Shreveport.
and after a copy of the notice of said
meeting shall have been mailed to each
shareholder at his address, or left with
the secretary of the company: and the
corporation may be dissolved with the
consent of three-fourths of the stock
represented at such meeting. The capital
stock of the company may be increased
or diminished by complying with the
general laws of the State of Louisiana
upon such matters.
ARTICLE VII.
Whenever this corporation shall be
dissolved by expiration of its charter, or'
sooner by vote of the shareholders, two
liquidators shall be elected at a meeting
of the shareholders at a general meeting
of the shareholders held after fifteen
days" notice, as above provided. These
liquidators shall continue in office until
the full liquidation of the corporation.
and in case of the death of either of
them. the shareholders may elect a suc
ce4,r. or if they do not select a succes
sor the powers of both liquidators shall
be vested in the surviving liquidator.
ARTICLE VIII.
No stockholder of this corporation
shall ever be held liable or responsible
for the contracts or faults of such cor
poration in any further sum than the
unpaid balance due to the corporation on
the shares owned by him: nor shall any
mere informality in organization have
the effect of rendering this charter null,
or of exposing a stockholder t6 any fur
ther liability than the amount of his
stock.
Thus done and passed at my office in
the city of Shreveport, La., on the day,
month and year hereinbefore first writ
ten, in the presence of E. H. Randolph
and H. W. Liebman, competent wit
nesses, who hereunto sign their names.
with the said appearers, and me, notary,
after the reading of the whole.
(Signed) :
D. C. RICHARDSON,
W. H. HEARNE,
J. G. NEWBERRY.
Witnesses:
E. H. RANDOLPH.
H. W. LIEBMAN.
ALLEN RENDALL,
Notary Public Caddo Parish, La.
State of Louisiana, Parish of Caddo:
I. John R. Land, district attorney of the
First Judicial District, Caddo Parish,
Louisiana, do hereby certify that I have
examined the above and foregoing char
ter and articles of incorporation, and,
finding nothing therein contrary to law,
I hereby aworove the same.
JOHN R. LAND.
District Attorney First Judicial Dis
trict of Louisiana, Caddo Parish..
April I1 1903.
(Endorsed) : Filed and recorded April
April 17, 1903.
J. H. LEVY,
Deputy Clerk and Ex--Officio Deputy
Recorder.
I hereby certify that the above and
foregoing is a true and correct copy of
the original act as the same now appears
on file and of record in my office.
Given tinder my hand and seal of office
on this 17th day of April, 1903.
J. H. LEVY,
Deouty Clerk and Ex-Officio Deputy
" Recorder.
April 19, 10o3.
LOW RATES TO NEW ORLEANS.
For U. C. V. reunion on May 17 and
18 the Texas and Pacific railway will
sell round trip tickets at rate of $5.55.
See A. B. Avery, ticket agent.
On April 22 to 27 the Cotton Belt
Route will sell tickets to Richmond, Va.,
and return at rate of one and one-third
fare, limited April 28, account meeting
of Southern Educational Conference.
Your stationery speaks for yo'ut,-i
ness. .v culdn't you rather it had a go nd
word to say? The kind we pria: is the
kind you wa'1L.
MARSHAL'S SALE.
No. 1378-A. H. Leonard, Geo. . A. Wil
son and Heirs of W\. WV. Smith vs.
Minnie Burwell.
By virtue of a Fi Fa issued to me in
the above entitled and numbered case bhv
the Honorable C. 1). Hicks. ludge of the
City Court. Shrevepo)rt. Fourth \VWard
Caddo Parish, La.. I have seized and
shall Itroceed to se!!. accordling ot law,
within the legal hi-r, f, r slles. (on the
premises in what i known as the Sivxer
Lake district in the city if Shirevelprt,
La., on
TUESDAY. APRIL 28, too03.
one onte-rtoom hbox hliose.
Tertms of sale cash, sulbect to an
praisement.
JAMES M. MARTlN, Mlarsh:d.
April t. 0oo,3.
SIIERIFF'S SALE.
No. 8S45-I1n Fir t Judicial District
Court ,f Caddo Parish. La: Mack
\ ellnman vs. Eva Howland.
By virtue of a writ of seizure and
sale to me i~sued in the above entitled
and numbered -uit by the HIonnrable
First District Court of Caddo Parish.
La.. I have seizedl and ill offer for
sale at puhblic auction, according to law,
without the lbenefit of appraisement, at
the principal front door of the court
house of Caddo parish. in the city of
Shreveport. La., during the legal hours
for sales, on
SATURDAY, MAY 9, 1903.
the following described property, to
wit: Lots sixteen and seventeen (if
and 17) of block "1" of the Texarkana
Annex subdivision. in the city of
Shreveport, La.. as per map in convey
ance hok 22. page 17. of the recortder's
f-f:ee of Caddo parish. La.
The said sale to, 1.e made on the fol
xowing terms: Fo(r cash to make the
sum of 500oo.oo with 8 per cent interest
:hereon from February 4, I9O2. and 5
,er cent attorney's fees on said sumn
anid interest, and all costs of the suit;
Ind on terms of credit to pay one note
of $5oo.oo due February 4. 1904: and
ane note for $3oo.oo due February 4,
09o5: and one note for B$oo due Febru
ary 4. 1906: and one note for $:oo.oo
lue February 4. 10oo7; each note hear
ng 8 per cent interest per annum from
February 4, 1902.
S. J. WARD,
Sheriff of Caddo Parish, La.
Caucasian April 5. 1903.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
No. 8146-In First Judicial District
Court of Caddo Parish, La.: Neith
Lodge No. 21, I. O. O. F. vs. Frank
U. Wright.
By virtue of a writ of fieri facias to
me issued by the Honorable First Judi
cial District Court, in' the above entitled
and numbered suit, I have seized and
will offer for sale at public auction, for
cash, according to law, with the benefit
of appraisement, at the principal front
door of the court house of Caddo par
ish in the city of Shreveport, La., dur
ing the legal hours for sales on
SATURDAY, APRIL 25, 1903,
the following described property, to
wit: All of the stock of wines, liquors,
merchandise, furniture and fixtures and
other property contained in the premises
occupied by the defendant as a saloon on
Texas avenue in the city of Shreveport.
La.
Said property seized as belonging to
the defendant and to be sold to satisfy
the debt specified in the said writ, in the
sum of one hundred and fifty dollars,
with 5 per cent interest from April 4,
1903, an all costs of the suit.
S. J. WARD,
Sheriff of Caddo Parish, La.
Caucasian, April 8, 1903.
MARSHAL'S SALE.
No. I38o-A. H. Leonard, Geo. A. Wil
son and Heirs of W. W. Smith vs.
Jacob Ford.
By virtue of a Fi Fa issued to me in
the above entitled and numbered case by
the Honorable C. D. Hicks. Judge of the
City Court, Shreveport, Fourth Ward
Caddo Parish, La.. I have seized and
shall proceed to sell, according ot law,
within the legal hours for sales, on the
Premises in what is known as the Silver
Lake district in the city of Shreveport.
La., on
TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 1903,
one two-room box house.
Terms of sale cash, subiect to an
praisement.
JAMES M. MARTIN, Marshal.
April 15, 19o03.
ST. LOUIS EX'POSITION.
On April 26 to 30 inclusive the Cotton
Belt Route will sell tickets to St. Louis
and return at rate of one fare plus '$2,
limited May 4. on account of the Na
tional and International Good Roads
Convention and the Louisiana Purchase
Exposition dedication ceremonies.
The Caucasian lives un to its name.
omen's Dragging Pains
Y nu Ir ,oe. madersi
,,te is msoliagiaso mee isatetsto a a woma as wgng Iah toriot Oeb r roft mn who
I a edbiM se, ivp t~iod t stinialts Ii
C footd wr. B h e ap e eaht thetth o wnomen ih
i.msve a lite hraghth groine . Ican rmged t erribly at the time of on h To make a sick woman
Sof isoo to op rain. What to try I knew not for it ileemed to hert oha ig cd tried hildren h ind never trie
Wnetardn, that bl..ed remedy for ick won. My attention ws called to it by a booklet udoI decided to
ei tfohnd it -t to take and ioon knew that I had the right medicine. N ew seao dof dejethion
Iad elve bottles I wasaewll wcas
mwiaweaet~aanh. giv, this tsthnelal as IhoudA CJ uL.
Coauld Mf Bush have g oen a happier message than this to the t tful sufferers to whom she
ges advice? What lie health can brng the suofferer nearer to enjoying ife? To make a sick woman
well i bearmgdownpamsoandfblinding h a whenallother remediesfaile b hrl?
e youis to copener her lettevery oor of bling ad privilege to her-cide to essing of haing ochildre in her
ben shome thdipriilege of takingpaery t in the real affaeirs of red. It ife
Yet thosands women e c ing to suffer without making the effort to secure health-the
and gin s tngth instead of weakess, vigor instead of pain, appinmes instead of dejection
I theuare uffbin what can be of more interest toyou than the fact that Mm. Bush was inaprecar.
Ie ar An, ay of xistence eand is no in perfect health because she took Wine ofst adui for men
et -l ans bear-ing downpais and blinding s when all other remedies failed to b g her r elief
is should bring you to consider her letter seriously and to decide to give Wine of Cadui a trial.
This is not a diagnosis and a theory as to how a care can be worked. It is acase d ated bythis prom
iset Chicago woman herself.
Is there any doubt in your mind that you can be cured by Wine of Cardui the same as Mrs. Bush was
ared? Any suffer may secure health by taking Wine of Cardui in her home. The first bottle kith its
quick and lasting reief m convinces the patient she is on the road to heatth.
Will you secure a $1.00 bottle of Wineof Cardui from your druggist and start tdqay the treatment
wih b` ag pfct health: K S
IFa r adiicejT~C~sU M eeoi
;"·Y ;us~tla~RI UNNr