o Et fI#AND[TIIE M& . {O. LTD.
Wholesale Dealers in All Kinds of
ts, Produce, Field and
Garden Seeds.
rs of SHREVEPORT STEAM BOTTLING
=WOR'KS and SHREVEPORT STEAM
CANDY FACTORY.
and 125 Texas Street, Shreveport, La.
.G. DREYFUSS & CO.
\' VIt)I.J S . I\F_ I)':`, !'l-'S IN
Boods, Boots, Shoes and Hats.
ORNER SPRING AND CRO)CIKETT STREETS.
PT ATTENTION TO COUNTRY ORDERS.
HERMAN LOEB
DEALER IN
Wool, Tallow, Beeswax, Furs.
CE STREET, NEXT TO V. S. & P. RAILWAY.
SHREVEPORT, LA.
to the sellers the best prices obtained in St. Louis, New
rg, Galveston and Houston markets. Prompt returns.
n a Moment."
I have the completest stock of
ure, Matting, Rugs
.... and Linoleums
:it make it to your interest to call and see me before you buy.
f..ll whether you buy or not. No trouble to show goods.
J. A. Stephenson.
~nting-commercial printing of value, we are ready
e kind of printing we do is good printing.
who wants good printing should bear in mind that
we do is always good-the cheapest kind after all.
olr ointing booklets, folders, circulars, cads, bill heads,
heads and everything which can be inted are fair
fuch cheaper, taking in consideratien the style
is generally paid for .careless, ordinary or common
Ring up sooo.
n & Carasy Bros. Pinting Co.
STATIONS to
.it.m 0 1. P
" ..d' ...L7 . 6
I ".. . ,,,.........».
.....
............ .......... Dm
`a _ L 34.#W L. IA L L R Td~
t ~l.t~a5L f
trz i~·S~t4~Lt~l . i
rant
for
~I~t ii~h
4 c
OkfCPbone. 1t8; Residence, 644
r, E. G. ALLEN,
COOPER BUILDING.
Rooms 34 and a6, Plrst Floor.
SResidea. 728 CottonSt.
OFFICE HOURS:
S to a.m.
I to and a to 7p.m.
'aIls left at' Palmer Drug Co. and
Carter Drug Co. promptly atteidted to,
S. Sauthertin. Thos. C. Barrer
4Pot
TALMAGE
SERMON
I .
By Rev.
FRANK DE WITT TALMAGE, D.D.,
" Pastor of Jefferson Park Preoby
terian Church, CnicaKo
hll ic.ag , ar"i' 4 l 1. li t111hi 411sir
the pry n her sv strikl ing u rl , rn p
1 .ose llw ho sll 41419.'4H 1 tle1"l4 :-l 4 '1. I')
w h'l') dl s. I4l4 Ii tlo i 1 1I II 4' 4'.^ C I 141'.n
with Ion consent h -lli(11c ; to nI : ell;1:41 Ox
It is c. p.iarlnt ively "irnhli lh in l h a ten
.Ul'(' I(' llV 4!+'!4l1 IV IlL'411" 11,'1I:. III 'i'V i'y
]re con' tieil lv .,l- nlbld , nllr llh i. e. .
period 1i+i- grat oisil' e r o r lh ilr`o
pn ':,Is laow 4 e r irr'lll 1 I hi i llr14 en
.n t 11 lma 4as n It ':ated wih111 intir. i'l
ilty and 5. intl i(s1 . with ri Cli, e. 'ii
itl(h chihlr ir ln used to po inlt tha'ir Iin
geo' io their forlieads wthen thei li' cI
sea (llptain -iass.d1 by. wnill all lElurpe
challe d l'olulmlis ra1y 1"e4.l se I. b+heh
lieved in c'irculruna vigathion. I1ip to
-Kepler a thie this worl was supposed' .
to Ibi a great nimaiil, thle wind it
breath, tlhe sulphur (and minil veins
its uleers, the eruption and volennic
pulsations its coughings. Galille had
to publicly renounce the theory which
he could logically prove because the
church considered It heresy. The young
scientist who read a paper some years
ago ar ing that the coral Islands were
built by a small insect was persecuted
and expelled from the French academy.
and, broken hearted and in disgrace, lie
committed suicide. To Introduce any
innovation into the realm of thought
by the power of argument is a task that
few have the courage to attempt and
fewer still the power to achieve.
But though argument and fact are
often futile there are two wizards who
can always charm-he who can tell a
story and he who can paint a picture.
With one flash the artist of the brush
or pen can carry the truth home. The
public speaker who wields the greatest
influence today is not the scientist or
the logician, but the orator who can
tell the common people what a thing
Is like. Christ nearly always spoke in
parables. His, analb6ges were the
wheat and the tares and the mustard
seed and the birds of the air and the
lilies of the valley. Everybody can
understand a similitude.
One of these matchless similitudes is
the scene of the text. The kingdom of
heaven is compared to a feast to which
many guests have been invited. Man
ners and customs change, but in all
periods and in-all lands the idea of a
feast has been familiar. They habve
Sbeen celebrated from time immemorial.
Laban made a great feast when he
gave'his daughter Leah in marriage to
Jacob. Archelaus made a great feast
for those rho came to his father's tu
n.rae Kenllworth castle blased and
cannobh boomed during the days of
Elisabeth, and courtiers drank to the
health of the queen. Yeast of the Pass
over, feast of Pentecost, feast of Taber
naeles, were the three great annual
festal occasions of the Jews. The
holy communion was instituted at a
feast of Christ and his twelve apostles.
The comparison of the kingdom of
heaven to a \feast is. therefore, a very
simple and familiar one. But. hark!
When the time comes for the guests to
arrive, knock after knock is heard.
Regret after regr t is handed in. In
sult is heaped updn insult. "And they
all with one consent began to make
excuse."
Uxeuesm Old and new.
Let us examine the e:sctss by which
the men of old evaded this feast and
see how closely they resc.tl!e the ex
cures by which niei of the present day
try to justlfy theu:selvecs lu their re
fusal to sit dowin at thib marriage ban
quet of the L:ambl,. First. the capital
ist's excuse. IHardly had the ancient
banquet table been prepared when we
can »s'e a coui;'.r's horse dash up to the
would be host's house. The messenger
is dressed hl the liverigd costume of
one of the r ich men of the east. He
dismounts tand knocks at the front door.
Whenit the servant opens that door. the
mes'me:ger hands in a scented missive
which reads something like this: "My
dear friend. much to my regret. I find
it impossible to be with you tonight. I
know you expected me, but I have just
closed a big deal. I have become the
owner of a large tract of land, and I
must go out and see it. I pray thee
have me excused. Though I am com
pelled to be absent in body. yet I shall
be with you tonight in spirit. Adieu,
my dear sir, until we meet at my own
table." When the good man of the
house receives this letter, his eye
flashes. The Bible distinctly declares
in reference to this episode: "Then the
master of the house being angry"- He
read between the lines of-that refusal.
He knew that this capitalist was mak
ing a poor excuse; he knew that the
capitalist as an intelligent investor
would never have bought that land un
less he had first seen it. examined it
and ascertained that its title deeds
were all right. The good man may
have had his suspicion that the caps:
talist of the east. now that he was a
great landowner, felt a little above his
old assoeiates and. therefore may have
thought it was not dignified for him to
mingle with ordinary guests at a com.
mon banquet, and thus he stayed away.
So we find that the hardest men and
women to reach in a gospel sense are
the rich people. They do not always
think it respectable to associate with
Iepresentatives of the masses in a
church pew. -They would be willing to
g to hbeavep if >e ould a only go in a
dollar check. But they are not willing
to be suppliants after the Bread of
Life when their own granaries are full
of winter Pupplies and their thrashing
floors crowded with the thrashers beat
ing nd bruising the grain.
Rich man, I would like to speak a
few plain, blunt words to you. There
are c'ertali blessings that mloney ean
not buy. First, it Clnnot huy health.
Money may en:le ithe coinsumIllptii e to
live allolloi the tlovers., andl it tl:ay
prolong :n inv111 l4l', earthly lift,. I but, in
the . 1(bro:1t( solls ', 1141('y c':tllllbr t Iuly
hl,:lth. If lonl')y couhl buy I h illth,
I\lIIli;ll , I . ' 1 11 y 1 t111 I , 'evet' h:la 't ,
di( l. If 1 nlt I'( ill luty h,.;lth, thI
late' ( 1'n:1o11 "': , ir i lt \(11u l nix( 'r
I II il -211 - ' I'll.h C + 11 1 4 h ll""i- i iV.I to t
i si] 1i'('ll(t1 i ';I q' I i al t I Ih ' 1 Il: !1 \ ' ,\|
I , 'tcll l h , `:, 1 ,, .,', ,u ' 1, "i -.l i 'i . 144l1"
to wnll , s in. r o ( I o l,,i .' ( Ir out
Iltoi I anno J l e I linVht
his ('l\ i t8 11' 115 (' I I(' I : I-I \ I i. li:' i
('[ .112 ' Itii ll+Ud fito " i+ l el' I il l .
(t'it1;,"r w iil r1 ! 1 ' 1 ,fa, , " e,
I il:l Ia ill 1lt\ f l I 1-;;. I u tl t
liaiintI'e is lo lni Iif:ti is oli eaine
lour' iwa not 1 iv1en. i yo sidi: he
so. iphl n sraiS oi toh j 1in . lite ie -
pjuniientll of gob1lh' ("in(. T'I nt' tove
s won by In le hea:rt not Iy the p ours
True love i5 fo1uld Slililn. aIs wilsomle
hly in a cottage st in a palce. Neither,
IO rich mlll, enu you with money buy
your way luto hea'en. If you have no
time to seek God in his house on earth,
you will not be able to find Christ in
mansions in the skies. If you do not
honor your Saviour before men, nei
ther will Christ honor you before the
angels, who are now assembled about
the great white throne of tlie celestial
city. "How nubch did he leave?" asked
a gentleman in reference to a certain
deceased rich man. "He left every
thing," was the answer. "His shroud
had no pocket, so far as I could see."
go, rich man, you will take before the
judgment seat of Christ not what you
now hold in your hand, but what you
have in your heart Therefore, it is
very important that you do not with
fatal self complacency as to your
wealth and social prestige and your
ownership of mortgages apd bonds and
land titles blind your eyes to the im
portance of going to the gospel ban
quet.
But another knock Is heard at the
front door of the good man's house. A
second letter of regret is handed in.
This letter goes something like this:
S"My dear friend, I know you have
made great preparations for me to
night, but. I cannot come. I am a
small farmer and have Just bought a
yoke of dxen to do my spring plowing,
and I must go and do it." Or the letter
will read as follows: "My dear friend,
I cannot come tonight. I have just
bought five yoke of oxen, and I intend
to hire myself out to the different
farmers to help them do their spring
plowing. We must make money while
weeau~- And eves $f I could get
through my work In time to come I
would be so tired that I could not en
joy your good things. I pray thee have
pee excused." In other words, that
stock purchaser was going around as
the modern owners of some baling ma
chines go from farm to farm to pack
the hay, or as the pwners of some of
the modern thrashing machines in the
rural districts cut down their neigh
bors' grain upon a pdreentage basis.
Whom in modern life does this stock
owner represent? He symbolizes the
practicing doctor or lawyer or small
merchant or manufacturer or mechan
ic or salaried employee engaged in a
daily struggle for a livelihood. . He
represents, as Matthew Henry well
wrote, the man with 'the Inordinate
care and concern about this world
which keep him from Christ and his
grace." He represents the father and
husband who on Saturday night says:
"Well, I have worked hard all the
week. I am too tired to go to church
tomorrow and do God's work. It is
all well enough to think about religion,
but the simple fact is, in this strenuous
earthly life I must look after my busi
ness and keep looking after it all the
time." He represents the business
man who at first does not intend to do
wrong, but, little by little, he allows
his business to crowd out his duties to
Christ. First, he gives up prayer meet
ing on account of business; then his
daily reading of ,the Bible; then his
Sunday services. Little by little he
allows himself to drift away from God
until at last the invitation to the gos
pel banquet falls upon unheeding ears.
Theinordinate desire foraccumulating
wealth has destroyed many and many
an immqrtal soul.. A few score years
ago a steamer crowded with passen
gers was pushing its way over the wa
ters of the Mississippi river. Upon the
deck were a great number of Califor
nia miners returning from the gold
fields of the west Suddenly that
steamer struck a sunken wreck and
immediately began to sink. The wom
en and the children were taken off in
lifeboats. The men were compelled to
leap into the water and cling to the
floating spars until they could be res
cued. Just before the steamer founder
ed a man rushed up to the deck and
leaped into the water and clung to a
floating ,spar. But instead of floating
like the rest of the men he sank like a
lump of lead. Afterward his body was
recovered, and the reason of the sink
ing was explained. While the other
passengers of the sinking vessel were
preparing rafts and putting on life
preservers this man had been below
decks rifling the miners' trunks.' Un
der his garments, strapped ,around his
waist, were found bags of gold. It
was his desire for wealth that destroy
ed him. So we find that there are
thousands upon thousands of men and
women who refuse to come to the
Lord's banquet because, like the drown
Ing patseager of the Missislppi river
or lke othe ower of five yoke of exen,
wO e to . sta3y away to
thatrC 4 thp
would be willing for a time even to
barter away their chance of heaven if
they could only sell ('hrist, as did Ju
das, for thirty plebes of silver. 0
my friends. I beg and plead with you
not to sell your divine birthright for a
more mess of tpottago! Stop. in God's
name! Stop before it is too late.
In th, anelPnt story we have hrn told
That Midas' touch turned everything to
gold,
But we tlolay a istrannger sight 1, hid-
Man turns ti, evoeryttnll wh.i t* nI h. d by
Thrle llridelproomni"' lreutlle.
Bllt. liiark! . tlle l. 'ii k is hi- : i
a t ii t l i o ' o fl Ilil ll " hill ,.
".\l i." t t snii v. think I f I i t liiti
(Sl nillt ' " i it ll jlll t li t' iI - t.i , t
tiji it i lit ` ;i- 11i ,1 . 111 ` i ti hl i ' f .i_,tie t
ilsi l f1 ' ii' t' i , o giri lu" t herI "
1ule Cilly in r rrei..itnit or bIr ,n1up
wtoiddl ling troussrea . to lt.' I . C uný' lall
.ws t ught that his l'lity to the I worl
and to od w.~ to marry. ;l did notl
enter Iito this m:ri nao miar rlationslhip
in a 1tphazar t way, as do many of the
young people of. tihe. present time.
did noit marry upon la momentary fr im
sidoreld mal i ngia'r. ,, o of tll' iling lt i,',l
11/d imlllolrtai lt .elv t si o f ai llna : Ihe
pulise. But the young people weret her
tilh e c hhelly in ll re 'lilrilg, for her nuit
tin! day. Shle WaS al .ays Spililiilg
ten and iakorng garmes bnts for the we
wddingg troussday. Then, eauby the voly younHebrg ew n
waell taught that his duty to the world
and to God was to marry. Hie did not
enter Into this marriage relationship
in a haphazard way, as do many of the
young people of the present time. He
did not marry upon a momentary im
pulse. But the young people were of
ten affianced for years before the wed
uning day. Then, byo when the brew at
well as by the banquet eRoman law a bride
groom was absolutely isadeependent of
all military and, to a great extent, of
civil obligations for a whole year. Aft
er the wedding night for twelve long
months he was allowed to stay at home
under his own roof. So when the bride
grooed." of the east sent a refusal to
come to the banquet he practically said,
as hundreds and thousands of wives
and mothers are now saying: "I can
not afford to come to Christ's banquet
at the present time. I have my home
duties to attend to. I have domestle
obligations. I pray thee have me ex
cused."
But, my dear friends, can the hus
band and the wife truly attend to and
fulfill their domestic relations unless
they first have been to the marriage
banquet of the Lamb? No, no. You
know that no' husband and father is
truly a well equipped parent unless he
is a Christian man; you know that no
wife is truly an independent woman
unless she is a Christian woman. Legh
Richmond once developed this thought
in a pathetce incident which he told,
about his mother's life. She had six
children, and one of them, her baby,
was killed by the carelessness of a
nurse allowing the child to fall out of
a seconi story window. At that time
Legh Richmond was walking in the
street below. He gathered up the poor
bleeding body of his little brother and
carried him into the house and placed
him in his mother's lap. All that day
the mother kept praying and praying.
In the midst of her prayers she turned
to her son and said, "Legh, if I cease
praying for five minutes I shall be
crushed under this sorrow, but when I
pray to God he comforts and upholds
me." So no wife and mother is able to
bravely confront the sorrows of the
home unless she is a Christian woman.
Sooner or Inter troubles and awful
troubles will knock at eyery bedroom
door. and, man and woman, you cannot
afford to say, like the bridegroom of
old, that you cannot come to Christ on
account of your domestic obligations.
The simple fact is your home duties
and sorrows ought to be mighty inspi
rations to send you to the feet of Christ.
The Duty of Parents.
Besides, parents, how can you have
the right influence over your children
unless you are consecrated Christian
men and women? How can a father
and mother tell their children how to
love the Lord Jesus unless they them
selves have accepted the invitation to
the gospel banquet? Can the blind
lead the blind? Can something come
from nothing? I lift a clay vase in my
hand and smell the sweetest fragrance.
I say: "0 vase, whence came thy per
fume? Were thy substances fragrant
before the hot fires of the potter's fur
nace touched thee?" "Nay," answers
the vase. "The reason I am perfumed
Is because' hundreds of flowers have
been plucked and have been allowed
to kiss me with their red and white
lips." Upon the sand dunes of the sea
shore I pick up a curiously twisted
shell. I place it to my ear and hear a
low, moaning sound. I say to the shell,
"Shell, why dost thou moan like a sick
child?" "Because," answers the shell.
"I have been rolled over and over in
the bottom of the seas. I have been al
lowed to place my ear against the
great throbbing, aching heart of the
mighty deep. I aim merely echoing the
sorrow of the sea waves that are now
lapping at thy feet." Thus we find
that by the direct law of nature the.'
is no effect without a cause. If you, O
parents, desire your children's lives to
be redolent with the perfume of right
eousness and their hearts, and lips to
be musical with the songs of heaven,
you must take care that they are sur
rounded with heavenly influences while
they are young. If you want them to
be at the gospel banquet, you must
lead the way and not yourselves an
swer the invitation with a frivolouls
excuse.
Let us try to generalize the excuses
of the hundreds of other guests under 1
two simple headings. First, I believe s
that "they al! with one consent began
to make excuse" because they were
Utwilling At that time to give up their
ils bhear some people -talk, one
itlt the greatest enemy
of the Christian church today is infidel
thought. I do not believe it. I believe
that the reason you and I (1o not come
) to Christ. If we are not alrnedy &'hris
tlhius, is hbecause we are lsnot ready to
1 give up our pet slins. \We do ot sta tll
Sbefore G(od in an11 atitlde o"f a i do llslter.
W. e stand In th' attittuth of deinniii'l.
We t stand wraisestl e. iun.i the poil
i luted glrllnlltt io' sin. ".\AIul lil, i li teo
Sin, w hit ii s it'" " we 1'1'ri l 11 .Iish st I)
SI rk ,r. "it is a ilu11 1 tilul,:1 n li hs.liid
liust. tin ittl!'li it ;rnl , I I' nii l- i to
i 1' soil t isis Itt liiý, i.:111 i ' 5 1I1 5. Is!
It. i full l t, -li- l I'. ,' l i, sit
i ni t i." lini ' ill \: , r\ ' I. ' i ; i Ill- II
wl o nii ti "; ie -is mi ir 1inll ! . 11rllT
iar.d lt gii v ti h t Hitls fir tis fr ie
si iist o tis nis ll hi "i t i I ti lb i n Is'
}.ni th.i,.,i ,t givs u Is iii .ts , li pt llei i .
ut4 h ii s sI'd ` tpr i ,1 1 ' I ; i t5i'll 'o·.
to . take a sil .ls ., esi' ltsf' wlhII .eI!
had straI ped to his si1' ,i i :ile d wi it he1 '
cut off t'i h . rass si' t tisit ct.l snIi , an:'.!s
when the liver vss pullesi up attashed
!acls over eight feet long. The octopus
of secret sin has many a man Iand wo
man in a fatal clutch. We are not wFll
ing to destroy that sin now. Therefore
'hwe keep saying to the messenger of the
gospel, "I pray thee have me excused."
one consent began to make excuse"
was because they expected at some fu
ture time to accept the gospel Invita
tion. This is a most natural uppoth t
tion to make in interpreting the text.
They might have stayed away and
made no excuse, but then the host
would have been offended and would
never have invited them again. They
wanted to keep his good will so that
he might invite them at some future
time. If those invited gaests never
expected to accept an invitation to the
good man's house, they would have
sraid to themselves: "What i the good
of my sitting down every little while
and writing tokeep that good man that I
eannot accept his invitations? fute i
becoming nothing but a perfect bore.
What I will do hereaiter iss neverst to
throw his invitations into the waste
basket. Then, after awhile, he will
cease to write and will stop his impor
tunities." But, no. That is not the
course these invited guests took. They
practically said to themselves, "I will
keep on sending my declinatton, year
in and year ot, and then some dthat I,
when I am old and sick and helpless
and about to die I will dost be carried
down on my sinvitationskbed and that good
man will take care of me and iorgie
all the thindierence and sin oo my past
In ande." You expect to some day come to
Christ, but you keep saying to the gos
pel messenger: "Not now. Not now.
Not now."
Aeeept the Irvttation Wow.
My brother and sister invited to Je
sus Christ, I am not going to force you
to any decision. I am going to leave
the whole matter with yourself. In
stead of asking you to come to the gos
pel banquet now I am going to ask you
when you will come. Will you come to
Christ ten years from today? "Oh, no,"
you answer; "I would not like to post
pone the gospel invitation as long as
that. I may never live ten years. Ten
years is a very long time. As I look
back over my past life I can see how
many unexpected things have hap
pened during ten years. Many of my
best and dearest friends have died dur
ing those ten years. They were just,
as young and strong as I am now. I
cannot afford to wait ten years." Then
will you come in five years? "No; I
will not delay it five years. That is
also too long. I have had certain warn
ings that I may not live five years.
There was a strange pain in my heart;
there was that dizzy sensation in my
head." Then will you come next year
or next month to the gospel banquet?
"No," you answer; "I dare not postpone
this gospel invitation for a year or even
for a month. I know that the gospel
invitation will not press itself upon me
in a month with the same power as It
is now doing. Each day I postpone this
matter it is harder for me to come."
Then, my brother and sister, will you
accept this gospel invitation now?
The ancients had a beautiful custom
at every feast. When the guest would
ask of the host a gift, he felt comp .lled
to grant his request. If a guest would
ask fhr the silver chalice at his plate,
he could have it, or If he might ask for
one of the richly embroidered robes-
which were always provided for the
marriage banquets and were called the
wedding garments -he would have that
also. My sinful brother, at the wed
ding banquet of the Lamb. will you not
make a request of your Heavenly Fa
ther, as you have a right to do? Will
you not ask'for a full parson of your
sins? Will you not ask for a robe of
righteousness which has been crim
soned from the blood of the Calvary
cross?
(Copyright. 1903, by Louis Klopsch.]
Pincoln and Church.
George M. Black of Springfield, Ill.,
has been treasurer of the First I'reshy
terian church of that city for ma:ny
years. At the ret"crt seventy-tifth an
niversary of the church Mr. Ilack. who
knew Abrahnam Linvoi..ll. took the. omean
sion 'to deny th,- statrement recently
made that President Lincoln wa., i.ot
z churchgoing man. Mr. Black de
?Iared that Lincoln not only attended
regalarly, but was exceedingly prompt
Li paying the quarterly pew rent.