MONEY TO LOAN. IF YOU NEED MONEY
And can notl call. phone 561O two n rinas
All Amounts. Personal Collateral. and ae will call on you personally- All
Watches, Jewelrv, Diamonds, Guns, Etc. tran-li:ctions conidential.
Bargamis in Unredeemed Pledges L. ILK[lSKI. The Shr'erort Panhroker
41 T "I ý e i , Op posite IPostotiwe.
THE CALCA SIA
Al~C3 i Pit Lý,Biii b otf'
OFFICIAL ORGAN
OF THE
4"At ISH OF CADDO
THE TK'U iH O HISTOlY.
(s is pleaeing to note that at the
convention of tbe Con ederate Voter
sus of the Louisiana Divitson, held ,
in Baton R uge, Au.ust 5 and 6, that
the Historical Committee" submit.
' ed a report -wui received the full
approval of the coi:vention and which
-will be endorsed by largest m-jority
ofthe people of the State.
The histories, so called, which have
lbeen palmed ofi on the South by
Northern publishers, are untruthful,
extremely partisau,in which all credit
is given to the North and the South
is misrepresented. Is it a wonder
that with such boots the children,
the sons and daughters of Uonfed
erate Veterans, have had impressed 6
en their mind an imperfect know!
-edge of the great struggle between
the North and the South? Any text
book which Is untruthful and par.
tisan should be excluded from the b
schools. When the truth is told no e
Southern girl or boy will have cause h
to blush over the glorious record of tI
the men who struggled for principle
sad honor. Pt
2Khe Confederate Vbeeraus are now "t
lew in number, and every year their b<
rank is being thinned by death. After ce
awhMe they will all have been called
**joeb the great silent mej )rity and
'to hbeir .taspeogs be left the solemn
-duty ef keeping fresh, their
smeasoies and their achieve- eli
.ase ts but while the Confed - pr
Eraste Veterans kve, it is their mission pr
tpselnt out and to urge that such
* pt books, us are not truthful-all so
tezt books which are partisan, rep.
*reseting them as "rea-.," or their
" mess as "a rebellaon," or "as wicked by
s es who attempted- to aescroy the no
goverumeat," etc-shall be exclled us,
Iree the schools, thi
arem the dobools.
Where is the father and the mother,
'who would approve the teaching of
'their dome and daugoters, that they
were "rebels", and htraitors," and yet
tor years the teachlni has bees in
frees and there has been littlh
mtteatiou given to the subject of text
booke, except In a limnted Instance,
when the protest of few newspapers
:.am& &adividuals were unavailing.
Niow, since the committee of vet
srans-.lion Lewis Gaion, chairman,
ad Moesre AB Booth, % ' Brewer,
Ii L Browne, J A Uhalaron, eu w
xEli, William T HardtsJ D Hill and
t win Marks, all gentlemen wel
qoahted to exanalie the many books
*sesed upon and which are in con.
ema usee in the public schools have
wecommended the exclusion of these
smatrhtsfal and partisan books, have
entbmilted their report, it becomes
tbe duty of every Contederate Vet._
aera and of every good citizen in ;;e
state to sombiae their influence so
that the puiposO designed Msy be
attalaed In the exclusion of books
among which the following have been
.Motet as objectionable:
Besolved ntrt, that this committee, after
tanU examiaatioa, recommead that the
-tebesrag books be debarred trees auor
Oee ahoels of this stats, public or private:
"aietery of the United States," Most.
.lmqry.
"Stry of the War," John Laird Wiles..
"BaUidlsg the Malloe," (harles Carletom
02s.
veas Children's Third teader," aina "
Ce.
"Williams' Chelos Lterature," BaMer,
"alkedea k Ca. Nook 2, ltermeftate.
"oew Osetary Fearth Resaer," Rand,
MeNally & Os.
A"Lghtse o Lateratare," bsek 4, Rand,
2s1axy & Os.
"Sembaegh's dsaadard Reasder," Chris
tqpkmr, Sewer f Co. (The above used by
ON 55ant Nomaa Sashel.)
"Bi'ery of the United dtats,," Make.
"Grammar Sebo*r Elstory 01 the satted
Blasss,e uied.
'-Tae Dglsane's Amsercan Eistory,"
"A Wints lese i Amerieaa Nasry,"
'Rtry el the Usalt States and Its
4a3t," Ilsimea.
H W of thl U ittad States," Barnes
"studies in Ameriean Literature," Noy
ale.
11 f ction to An ncrici Literature,'
Matthews.
**I oun_'s Government Class B)ok."
secn 1-We earceestly req test that sit
p irenrsof children thro ighout the State
:se tjeir best endeavors to ix :lude from
tae private schools tue books disapproved
shove by us.
fbird-Resolved, f .rtier, at in ou
opuron no histories or other school books.
- e1": .*y treat of questions involving
le reirective merits or demerits of tie
.crth or South, should be taught in Sbu'h.
n schools, unless written by one in thor
:,b sympathy and allidation with tho
auth and its people, and unless intendsj
o be used solely in Southern schools.
For a Term of Ninety-Nine Years
e For a term of ninety-nine years."
At t glance of the printed wards,
'-ulnets-nine years," the time is not
t consequantlal but think of ninety
nine years which (ew men in millions
I attain ? How many of the present
generation will be in the flesh it
ninety-nine years, and yet it is pro
posed to give legal etistence to a
corporation for the term of ninety- t
nine years. The council cannot, or
should not grant a privilege or Fran
chise to any company or individua
exceeding in years the average life o
man. A privilege or traneise, eZ
tending for a term of twenty-five t
years should be sutflcient. Who can a
forecast the value of a franchise r
or privilege in twenty-live years, C
which may be granted now?
Men may come an, men way go
bot Mrs Frank Leslie goes on for- e
ever. She bha just swiped another h
busband. She is evidently searching
for her affiuity.-Houston Pot. a
d
Mrs Leslie having had some ex
perience can tell, if she wi'l, if E
"marriage is a failure" or a grand g
bonatsa of glorious serials of sue
cesstul felicity.
01
At the convention of Uonfederate tl
Veterans held in isaton Rouge, Aug. T
6 and 6, Hon Leon Jastremski was di
elected major-general of the Louisiana ti
w
Division, a compliment which is at
prized most highly. Genm Jastreaski T
is congratulated on his proneo`on qi
and the distinguished honor con- el
ra
tearred upen him.
Ten atlants peoui we..- Doisonen
by ice cream. The American girl is te
not a coward, however, and wil 1o
never "tarn In caltiff flight" from thi al
ml
threatening ice cream rees sr.- ous- mi
ton Post -- cvi
g Never! Never 1! But: tshewill fa
stand by ice cream forever. Try her ve
the
"and be convinesd.'
Morgan intimates that organized
capital and, orgalIz3d labor can neo
sleep teneath the same kiver.-Hous.
ton Post.
Reason: Shafer kicks and talks in
his sleer; Morgan snores and want
all the kiver.
The Ctueasian has been honored
by the City Council, a compliment
which Is highly appreciated. The
Usucasian is now the offilal organ of
the city of Shreveport-elected fto
'ne year.
RQ~iI:and SMOKE
Your Lifeawayl
Yes can be cured of any form of tob -,co uin g
easilyt be made well, strong, m~aneiic full of
new life and vigor by taking g-.TO-9A,
that makes weak men strong. Many gain
tea pounds in ten days. Over 500,009
(Safed. All druggists. Cure Euaranteed. Book.
<a and adEice PRig Address STNRIING
Y 4 Chicajo "c New Yor. 4i7
It is Finisted:
"The pmat Cloudoroft .Lodge.:has been
completed, f really opened and is sow in
fall sway. It Is a splendid hostelry,
splendidly furnished sad offering mcom
rarable cuisine, under the maagsement of
MriJ W Fisher. proprietor et the .lamous
Botel Sheldon, of 9l Paso, Tex.
You wants eas ovable summer? You
want to get away from the:.oppresslveneso
is the sity and the'loaw altituesn? Logo to
louderoft, . K. 5000 lest elevation , On
the summit of the loftiest peak of the Sae
r'meate moantalis 1t0 miles northeast to
31 Paso, Wonderful seenery, tennis co-'t
and go I links and lasting pavilion. i.
fact everything desired or expected In an
up to date, healthful summer resort,l
Clou lrett Is knews as th~.."breathinn
spot of the Southwest.")
There is but ens way torgo ecolortable
and quietly. But one way to avoid more
than one change of ears; but eae way to
enjoy reeliatig chair ears, seats tree, and
sleep in cars all the way throigb 'aliy to
El pa*o. Tast way Is via the Texas A
Facile railway.
More lanormation by letter, or :doertp
live lterature may be had of asV tiokot
agestor E. P. TUD NER.
BIop.
When you want money,-;;re insur.
asee, bonds, life Insurance, real estate
seadest ilearaao or baildiag and
asa stock, se W C Aguars, l the
cpper Bmadlng.;
UiLYSERS PETERING OUT?
A Geologist Says the Present Gener.
anioi. ala See the Lnut of Them.
A ccituting to somlie of the members ol
the Anrira ni AMociation For the Ad
yanieiient of Stience. the tiysers of
Xtllowstone park will somie day disap
pear. Sone of the scientists insist that
the decline of the geyser is so rapid
tli:it the present generation will see the
last of then:.
EdO in Hinekley Barbour of Lincoln,
Neb., professor of geology of the I'ni
versity of Nebraska and acting state
geologist since 1b91, has some radical
views on the subject. Mr. 1arbour is
in author anI is in charge annually of
the WVorrill geological and hydrograph
ic surveys. In a letter he says:
"The rapid decline of the geyser phe
nomena in the Yellowstone National
park seems to be but little understood,
but to those who will visit the spot fre
quently the changes seem startling and
to the geologist alarmingly rapid. It
one may judge from impressions, it
seems safe to assume that if the de
cline in geyser activity noted during
the past four years should continue for
the coming eight or ten years the fea
tures which most impress the geologist
will have disappeared. As a warning
every geologist who intends visiting
the park should not postpone the trip
a year, but should visit it at once.
"It may be stated generally that this
decline of activity Is manifest in the
geysers, the mud geysers and paint
pots, pools and steam vents, many of
which have become wholly or partly
extinct in the last four years.
"As specific cases It may be stated
that at the mammoth hot springs the
activity seems not one-tenth that of for
mer times. Minerva terrace having be
come extinct (since 1895), the discharge
from Pulpit and Jupiter terraces have
greatly declined during the same time,
and the Narrow Gauge, a fissure vent,
and other attractions becoming all but
extinet. Roaring Mountain is now si
lent, though steaming. In the Norris
Geyser basin the Black Growler is less
active. In the Lamer basin the splen
did Fountain geyser is extinct, with a
feeble substitute near by named the
Dewey. The Giant Paint Pots are
greatly contracted In size, the pink
half being extinct In the upper basin.
Some of the better known as well as
many of the lesser geysers are extinct
Dr supposed to be. Among these are
the Splendid geyser and the Bee Hive.
The Grand geyser, which used to play
Sally, now erupts Irregularly about
three times a season. The Cascade,
which erupted about every quarter of
in hour In 189.,. now plays once a day.
[be unmistakable Impression of fre
luenters of the park is that the
thanges are serious and much more
sapid than Is generm'lly believed."
I rapid than is generally believed."
Teumperatwee and Marine Life.
The general impression that high
temperature is more favorable than a
low one for the best development of
animal life is certainly not true of
marine animals in general, whatever
may be the facts concerning some spe
cial groups. If other conditions are
favorable, a luxuriant fauna will be de
veloped in any temperature short of
the freezing point of salt water. But
a change of temperature. If a sudden
one. Is sometimes the cause of oceanic
tragedies of frightful extent. a fact
Illustrated by the following example:
The tilefish Is a deep water 'pecies
living upon the bottom on what is
known as the gulf stream slope, off the
New England coast. Here the water is
normally comparatively warm, coming
as it does from the superheated region
of the gulf of Mexico.
During a series- of unusually severe
gales in the summer of 1S82 this mass
of water was pushed aside, as it were.
and replaced by the colder water. As a
result, millions and millions of these
fish were killed, and their dead bodies
literally covered the surface of the sea
tor hundreds of square miles. So great
was the slaughter that for years it was
feared that the tilefish was exterminat
ed. Fortunately, however, the region
has been recolonized. probably from
the south, and numerous tilefish have
been taken during recent seasons.
ScBck-:.
Mrs. MeKhlTeyua mortura.
In the Nevada section of the Mines
nildiug at the Pan-American exposi
ion are samples of rich gold ore from
he mines owned by Mrs. William Me
Kinley. wife of the president of the
United States. They arrived recently.
rhe mining experts state that Mrs. Mc
Kinley now is a millionaire. For years
-he did not know she had the property i
which now is so valuable. Her father. i
lames A. Saxton. Was a member of the I
Canton Mining company and before his i
leath became sole owner of its lands I
.n Nevada. Gold prospectors who have 4
zone over the lands recently report
they are of great value. and Mrs. Mc
Kinley and her sister have given very t
ecently to eastern capitalists an op- i
tion on them.-Huffalo Express.
The Temple of Karnak.
The French government is now en
gaged in the restoration of what has
been called "the greatest temple ever
built on the face of the earth." This Is
the temple of Karnak. in Egypt, which
for over 3,000 years has been falling
into ruins. Originals: the temple was
370 feet wide and 1.200 feet long, or c
twice as large as St. Peter's in Rome.
It was begun 2.700 years before Christ
and was more than a thousand years
in building. Six men with extended 4
arms can hardly reach around one of I
the gigantic pillars still remaining.
THlERE IS Mi CIh\G[
)f
The Steel strike R nmains the Sam
Awaiting New Developments.
it
t NO NEW MILLS STARI
Officials Say Mills Will Be Started a'
e Soon as They Are Ready-All
F Federation Memb rs to Join
With Aumbiramated Men.
Pittsburg, Aug 10.-The steel strike
S situation has undergone but little
change. The steel corporation has
made no attempt to re-open the Painter
I mill and strik.rs claim they blocked the
t plan to start the plant by winning over
the non-union men, who had agreed to
go to work in the mill Officials deny
that there has been any interference
with their plans and say in due time
the mill will be started up.
President Shaffer and brother officials
of the Amalgamated association are
still engaged on an effort to secure the
co-operation of the American Federa
tion of Labor. They say they are sure
of obtaining it and that their complete
success is thereby assured.
Neither President Shaffer nor Presi
dent Gompers, nor any of the men en
gaged in conference with them, has
given any intimation of their plans, but
it is predicted they will make a bold
stroke of transferring bodily to the
Amalgamated association all members
of the Federation of Labor who may be
affected by the strike. In the iron
and steel trades are many men whose
labor has not been sufficiently skilled to
admit them to membership in the Amal.
gamated association. The Federation
has for some time past been organizing
these men and, it is said, there exists an
agreement between the Amalgamated
and Federation that, in the event of
trouble they are to be transferred to the
former
The officials of the Republio Iron
works on the south side were notified
by a committee of workers from the
mills that the entire force would quit
work when President Shaffer's order
becomes offective.
The United States Steel corporation
bes issued an order directing the De
wees Wood plant at McKeesport to be
dismantled and removed to Kiskimine.'
tae valley. The decision is ascribed to
the hostility of the people of that city. '
WILL HELP STRIKERS.
Tlb Amnerwew Pederain of Labor to
Tab, a Band.
Pittsburg. Aug 30 --President Gom.
pers, of the American Federation of
Labor, after a two day's conference
with President Shaffer and his assist
ants issued a formal statement Friday
night specifically pledging the Federa
tion to the moral and financial support
of the Amalgamated association.
The official announcement of the or.
der to dismantle the Dewees Wood
plant was a great surprise and McKees
port received it at first with doubt.
Actual preparations have been made
for the dismanthing and there is little
Loom for doubt that it will be torn
gown.
The Dewees Wood plant was founded
to years ago and is one of the best
known plants in Pennsylvania Its
rards and mills cover between 12 and
i4 acres, it has emnloyed 1200 men at
to busiest time-, and its cost is placed
tt $5,0i0,000.
The plants which will be affected by
he strike are the American Tin Plate
,ompany, Amtricau Steel Hoop plants,
American Sheet Steel plants, American
Steel and Wire mills. Federal Steel
nompany's plants and National Tube
.ompany. Ohio will have 25,000 idle
men, Pennsylvania 45,000, Indiana i0,
000. Illinois 30,000. making a total of
82,000, while New York, Michigan,
West Virginia, Wisconsin, Iowa and
other states will have 45,000 idle men.
It is impossible to estimate how many
men will be indirectly affected.
More Mew Will Strike.
Ban Francisco, Aug. 10,-About 750
members of the Marine Cooks and Stew
ards' association will join the ranks of
the strikers. The association comprises
all men on passenger vessels in what is
known as the stewards department. The
Oceanic Steamship company, the Paciflo
Mail Steamship company, the Oregon
Railway and Navigation company and
the Pacific Coast Steamship company
will be most affected by the decision to
participate in the strike ordered by the
Oity Front Federation.
Joseph Cook'. Aphorlsma.
Cant is the use of cool cinders In
place of glowing coals.
The most appropriate prayer when
one takes up the penny newspaper is
an invocation of the spirit of unbelief.
Perdition is permanent dissimilarity
of feeling with God.
God cannot be an enswathlag kiss
without being also a consuming fire.
By nature we mean always God's
will expressed in his works.-Zloc's
Herald.
MICE (1t\TFS1F S[ITS'
1 - -
Three More Protosts to the Claim
rof Jamie- \oods.
TOWN LOTS STAKED.1
A (ainpiny `elects a Portion of Wood's
Claims and Squatters Settle on
His Land--Lawton Town
Lots Selling Well.
Fort Sill, 0. T., Aug. 10.-Three sd
ditional contest suits have been started
agaiint Jamies R. oods, the first win
ner in the Lawton district land lottery.
who in choosing his claim shut Miss
Mattie Beals out from filing on a tract
next to Lawton. A local towusite com
pany staked off Woods' entry and
stretched ropes to indicate alleys and
lots and gave notice of contest. These
Woods displaced with the aid of an axe,
but during Thursday night 200 squat
ters took possession and say they will
contest to the end. Woods' attorneys
have warned the squatters to move
within 10 days. A fourth contest was
inaugurt ted when a placer miner claim
based on the alleged discovery of oil in
the Woods homestead was filed with l
the register of deeds.
Town lots in Lawton are selling for t
a figure which exceeds the most confi
dent predictions. The average for 55 c
lots sold Thursday was $300 Friday t
morning the first corner in the block 1
north of the land office sold for 8900 and
the average for the first five sold was C
1360. A combination was formed to
change the business center of the town a
to the street running one block north of 0
the courthouse and land office. The
two national banks bought lots along
this street, and the lot on the corner
was sold to the First National bank,
now doing business in a small tent, .for
$950. But the effort to stampede the
town failed. In the two days the two U
national banks have received deposits
aggregating more than $500,000.
aggregating more than $500,000.
Another New Town.
n Mountain View. O. T., Aug. 10-
g Twenty-six mile south of this plac
a Thursday was born a new city that ha
d 800 actual residents and in operation
hardware store, a grocery store, twi
restaurants and several other establish
e ments will be in operation as aeon a
the lumber can be delivered on the town
u site. This new town is called Par]
I City and it is one of the governmen
e townsite reservations. Within a hal
t mile of the city is a mountain sprint
r that flows several thousand gallons o
water each day and in a mile of the site
l are the copper mineral claims of Charlei
. Colcord and others. The site is 30 miles
9 northwest of Lawton.
SMurdered in Mezle.
San Antonio, Aug. 10.-News has
just reached this city of the horrible
murder of Mrs. Mary Coaliffe. wife of
Superintendent George H. Conliffe of
the cotton mill at Gomes Palacio, Da
rango, Mex She was found dead in
her diningroom just after II a. m. by
Mr. Conliffe, who went from the mill
to get lunch. Death was caused by
strangulation and the body left in such
a position to indicate that criminal as
sault besides murder had been com
mitted. There were three ugly gashes
on the face, and around the neck tied
tightly. was a cotton cloth. The house
had been robbed and many items of in
terest stolen. Officers have under ar
rest three peons, one of whom has con
fesed. The Conliffs are from Paw
tuokett. R. I.
Sues Mrs. Nation for Divoreoe.
Medicine Lodge, Kas., Aug. 10.-Dav
id Nation has brought suit for a divorce
from his wife, Mrs. Carrie Nation, the
temperance crusader. Mr. Nation, who
is now visiting in Iberia, 0.. alleges his
wife held him up to public ridicule,
neglected her family duties and aban
doned his home.
Eight-Hone Law Upheld.
Joplin Mo., Aug. 10.-Judge Hugh
Dabbs, of the circuit court, handed
down a lengthy written opinion upon
the constitutionality of the 8-hour law
passed by the last legislature, as relat
ing to lead and zinc mine.s in Missouri.
Judge Dabbs decided this law constitu
tional.
Sale of Lumber Land.
Marinetta, Wis., Aug. 10.-The J. 0.
Brown Lumber company has sold to the
Meyer-Hauser syndicate 70,000 acres of
land in Louisiana for $60,000. The pine
is located in the parishes of Vernon,
Sabine, Calcules and Hatcatoohes. There
are over 50,000,0000 feet of pine on the
tract.
Shooting at Dallas,
Dallas, Aug. 10.-A woman, Willie
White, was killed and another called
Sadie Walker was wounded so seriously
that it is was not believed she can live
by an unknown person at a house on
Camp street, last night. The police
have made one arrest. There was no
witnesses to the killing.
Asasalnated in the Territory.
Denison, Tex., Aug. 10.-James Mo
Farland, a prominent cattleman and
rancher in the Creek Nation, was as
sassinated between Muskogee and Hen
ryetta, Creek Nation. The body was
found with 17 bulletholes in iA. There is
no clew to the murder.
New Invasion Near Colon.
Willemstadt, Island of Curscoa. Aug.
10.-The Venezue Ian government an
nounces a new Colombian invasion oc
cured Thur ;day morning near Colon.
The invadi force was commanded by
the Colombian minister of war.
BECOMING SERIOUS.
War itetween (olombhijt and Venezuela
iemnuds A me rw'an Wa rships.
Il Washuin,*o, .1-' -Ti situation
in Col nibsi and Vt nrzuela c ntinues tun
occupy Iuch of t:i" artou n .,f , tficials
here and riile it w . it f It that af
) fairs hall reachedl -ar aIi .a *t, vet it
. was appreciated that Iu r: ti Alicial
and uon lieial advi e. Jiu atd a cundii
iton of afiairs which ii ighh n1111u wal
3 between C;loninia and V..ý I/l.5a coin
pliezted by revolutluioary out breaks in
both countries.
The state department Fri iav received
mail communication from ( n.unl Gen.
eral Cudger at Panama and thiuuh this
was dated nearly a month ago it told
d of the landing of a revolut. nary expe
" dition and expressed the current belief
ý' held at Panama that this would be fol.
Bs lowed by other expressions. The de.
partment also received a letter from
i- J. Edward .iminous, of New York,
d president of the Panama Railway com
d pany, confirming his communication of
le Friday relative to tb l trouble on the
* isthmus and stating that tho superin
" tendent of the road had advised him as
11 to the depredations of an insurgent
a band which did not number, however,
e much over 50 men.
* The more serious aspect of the matter
1 was presented in the press dispatches
n from Willemstad stating that the Co.
I lombians again had invaded Venezuela.
1 There was no official confirmation as toy
r this, but if it should prove correct,g
there seems little chance of avoiding an
5 open conflict between these two coun
7 tries as such an invasion by Colombia
, would in itself be an act of war.
At the navy department it was de
cided definitely to send the battleship
Wiscqnsin down to San Diego, Cal , ins
case the desirability of that move be
came evident by the time she reached
San Francisco aad the state department
was so advised. A force would be sent
from the north Atlantic squadron if itt
should become desirable.
GENERAL PAGE DEAD.
He Held Mobile Bay Against Farragoes
Fleet for Two Weeks.
Norfolk, Aug. 10 -General Richard
L. Page of this city, died at his rum*
mer home at Blue Ridge Summit. Va.,
Friday night in the 94th year of his
age. He became a midshipman in the
United States navy in I824 In 1861
he resigned his commission as comman
der in the United States navy and
joined the Confederate service. He was
commanding brigadier general in 1863.
He commanded the outer defenses of
Mobile bay at Fort Morgan and with
400 men held Farragut's fleet at bay for
two weeks.
General Page was a brother-in-law of
Charles Lee, attorney general in Wash
ington's administration, and of "Light
Horse" Harry Lee, father of Robert S.
Lee.
ADVISED TO HOLD STOCK.
Tbe Santa Pe Tells Stockmen They Wtlt
Profit by Holding
Kansas City. Aug. 10.-A circular let
ter has been sent out by the Santa Fe
traffic department to hundreds of Kan
sas stockmen advising them not to ship
stock to market at the present time. The
letter states that indications now point
to a large crop of late corn and calls at
tention to the fact that there is plenty
of wheat in the country which may be
used for food, and ends by saying that
although it may cost considerably more
this winter to keep stock as compared,
with past winters, the stock, owners will
profit in the end. The stock business of
the Santa Fe and other Kansas roads
has been immense during the past sev-i
eral weeks.
Reason for Not Signing.
Washington, Aug. 19.-The state de
partment has received a cablegram from
Mr. Rockhill reporting the delay in
signing the final piotocol agreement be
tween the powers and China, was due
to objections raised by Great Britain)
against an international commission for
a revision of the tariff. It also appears
the British government asks considera
tion of some clauses as to which no
agreement had heretofore been reached,
owing to the opposition of several of the
powers.
Confessed Complicity.
Paris, Aug. 10.-A dispatch to The
Patrie from Rome says the anarchist
Luigi Gianotti. who is charged at Milan
with being an accomplice of Bresci, in
the assassination of King Humbert. has
confessed to his complicity in the crime.
He admits that he left Paterson, N. J.,
in company with Bresci and that they
went together to Monza near Milan.
Gianotti started a street row at Monse
the day of the murder in order to dis
tract the attention of the police while
Bresci attackea the king.
Roosevelt Welcomed.
Victor, Colo., Aug. 10.-Victor gave
dn enthusiastic welcome to Vice Presi
lent Roosevelt Friday, fully 10,000
people participating. After an inspeo
tion of the Portland mine 100) feet be
low the surface, the vice president was
taken to the Gold Coin club for lunch
aon where he responded to a toast. A
public reception was followed by a car
riage drive. After a visit to Cripple
Creek the vice present returned to Col
rado Springs.
Von Ketteler's Remains.
Brewer Haven, Aug. 10.-The German
steamer Pitlatia. which sailed fro in Tien
I'sin on June 11 with the remains of
Baron von Ketteler, the (ermai minis
er at Pekin, murdered in the early days
of the Chinese trouble on the border,
ias arrived here and the body brought
IShort.