FIVE MINUTE TALKS.
Moral Aspact of Insomnia- Par
ish Teachers' Institute.
Fashions and Novelties-Notes
and Personals.
Agnes e M orton, writing n the Jancury
Chautauqian giveea drzen or more causes
of insomnia, the "bete noir" of our sleep
lug buirs, that haunte so many couche.,
causing Its restless vlctim+ to stare sle o
leesly Into the hollowdarikness, until morn
I.e tIawns. With all that science can co
for us, why is It that some of us do not
e slee, "The answer to this question,"
Mies Morton says, "will never be found
w;thout a careful et.dy of the m ral aspeet
of insomnia." The victims of this Ille- we r
] g malady are urged to consider how tar
sound judgment aed a resolute will may
control the cause and apply the cure.
Causes and corrections: Worry is some -
t:mes retrospective, and retrospective
worry is pravaliingly tentimental In toLe.
I.'t common sense come to the rescue.
Present anxieties-Worry over present con
ditions causes mn ch ileeplessnes, and
not without reasou Extreme worry comes
from trying to bear all the cares of a lie
toln at onoe, instsad of letting eanh ýla)'s
evi. tbe sumcient unto itself. It we could
Iive cur whole life to a te hours, it minich
i/ e consistent to :hink it all over In one
n ;ht; but as we cannot, live the present
as well as we i an and let the past and
luture alone.
Worry exiggorated by fancy-no sleepless
person is mi e miserable thin the one
wh , wears out tie night with. x iggerated
launies which tltally unfit one to meet
the real cort agencies, with which toe
unfolding feature is constatlly surprising
the nevwr.enoding sow.
The unquiet conscience--T'bl is often
the active prlncl..le in sleepless soiry.
I is ;o artlsric r ioongitlon of the slum.
ber-'illlng sffort of remorse that caused
4ihateepeare to portray M tobeth in a con
stant estie of sleepless unrest.
All have no; murdered L)Dnean, but
a~l, by the" general confession are re
miss, and somewhere along tie
line of emmilsion or oommisslon. con
scienoe sternly reproves and con.m teds*
Find where you are to blame anra promptly
atone for your fault.
To cure this unhappy mental and physi
cal conditlon we are admcntshed to 'search
for :he Llessings in d's.uise, and lnd the
compensation that in .ome degree attend
even t o greatest misfortuses." Faith in
tb gber power wll lit up the chronlo mis
hrop, "for a nesg all the care.environed
dren of earth, none at elose of day
throws down his load of anxiety and slum
bers so resttully as he whose refuse is the
eternal God, and underneath whom are the
everlasting arms."
ratrih Ihstitate.
The Caddo Parish reachers' Institute
will be he'd at the Central High school for
one week, begianing Moaday, 7th last
S ate lastitute Coaduotor H. 3. Chambers
will be in charge, assisted by Prof. Boyd.
All the teachers in the parish will be pree
eat, sad a week of profit and profeesional
lntereourse will be ern 'yed.
The regular monthly meeting of the Caddo
P.riah Teacsher Associatton was hela at
tae tilgh school Saturday afternoo' at 3
o'clock. Q esltion discussed was )isci
plne and how to seoure it.
*.
Coming Ynatials.
Jut ig and Mrs. Blaaohard have seat out
itvitations tar the marriage of their daugh
ter Ethel to Mr. IdOa I BSmith e this city.
Durilg the bright, hap y years of Miss
B:aach ud's young ladyhood bhe has reigo
ed an acknowledged belle and beauty in
aoclety at hone and elsewhere, and the an
aouancme.tof her coming nupti ' h s er
cited tbedespeat interest among he r many
friende, and cordial coagratulations are ex.
.etded Lt the iortunate Broom el ot. Mr
BSith es one of the most esteemed a' n po.*
uwar young men in our city and worthy of
h good tcrtune.
the marriage will take pirc' Wed
ateday evening, January 1i, st 7:J30 t .
Srk's Episcopal eburch.
Ce.
Fashions in Nec wear.
On . of the ovelties of the season is the
puttonx of lace pieoes on fur. Lace appi -
gues are to be seen now on ermine, seal
skin, sable and other tlch lure it seem,
etl. but the effect is beaulitul. An eftect
lye stock, worn with a b'ack blouse. is o'
white s tln with goll braid at the back
and sloping down at the point, where it Is
caught up into many loops. The newest
lines collar Is turnel over at the top with
lace Insertion set in. A very simple tie Is
one of velvet ribbon about atr Inch wide
dr*w tLrough a gold ricg.
a*
Orasmests.
Ear-rfags are here again. The ear,
however,' does not have to be distig
ured by piecing it. for the latest ear-rtngs,
clasps the ear Irvly, and Is lastened so
that it comes close to the faee. One of tl e
rettieet things in the way of ornaments
be seen this year is In glass. It is cut
and th a engraved. Small vases are in
three-cornered shapes, and larger dishes,
haets or books are somethiag c t a diamond
sa'aps. The glau is heavy; the designe
;ne saimple sad elective. Most of the
1 semeas are in plain white lass, though
they are a few colored, which are very
The Ristletoe Bough
l* *allie, Teen., on Dec 21, 19 0
S* U g.ivet an iatr-soelety entet
t ~ eh o received the moe
" Mth6 satmeadatlon of the press oa
B ashttlle. Tae pty was presented by the
meWsJ et Uthe Usthelty oi Nashvile,
by t s.u.l letqut was repeated the
-m.s,-u , wsl the e:owd jamel
* ase ,y the last night' It was a
g 'at success. in referrtlig to this ebter
t '-nent, the Nathvil'e Banner say : ,The
p tictr'ant had been most thorougbly
traimed by Mrs A G Dsle, who makes a
specialty of this work Her euccess in this
Inatarce shows her talent in this line of
a-t "
Thni Is very complimentary to Mrs A 0
D) 1. who was horn near and was reared
ito breveport. where he parents reside.
The Twestieth Century homao.
" We are twentieth century women at
last, with the dower of priviteee and re
s'ýon.hility wblctlenrmches woman in this
woirerful era, arc I have no hesltation
i dtclaring that ;we are more fortunate
t'ian tony of our predecessors." writes
M a-garel. E "' ngster, to the January La
dies' Home Jo mnal. "Our grandmothers
and great-grardmothers were handicapped
in their girlhood by athcusand prejudices
and cast-Iron tr ditional rules, from which
we are emsnc.pated. They had neither
our wide held of activity nor our possi
bility of thorough preparation for life;
th^y had not our strong health nor our im
m ility from nervous irritation. The
heroines of the past took cold if exposed
to a abhowet; they could not walk over a
Irosty meadow becsuse of their thin kid
shoes, and came into the house mu 'dy and
beorageed alter a morning's tramtp, which
we would take- without the slighte't i,
couvenience In our short skirts and thick
boo's."
'o
Clhristmos in the lagiie City
Mena, rtr., January 2, 1901.- I nas in
the Magic City of the Ozarks has been
q1 tetiy uappy. Familyreunions and home
p ries, have characterized the season.
Miss Lyda Kelley, the atst'ly daughtcr
of Julige J S Kelley, is spending the noti
d ya with her parents. Miss Kelley holds
t re chair of English literature in the c.ty
scho Is of Hot Springs, Ark.
Mrs D ,nsels and daughter, of Osceola,
Mo.. are visiting the hospitable home of
CId Jos Landis.
mises Houston, of Windsor, Mo., is the
guest of Judge John Kelley's family.
Miss Andersen, of Richmond, Ark., is
visiting her sister, Mrs Hal Norwood.
Miss Mary Barnes, a member of the pub
'lo school faculty, and both a popular
teacher and a popular bells in sooial eir
eles, made an "angel's visit" to it Smith,
Art., during the holidays. She was the
guest of Miss Anna Nedry, who is also a
teacher.
Miss Bradv, who was a recent visitor to
Mis Bruce in the Bendlix Academy, re
turned to ner home in Mlssiuri.
Miss Hewlett, of Kentucky, is yet a most
welcome and charming nuest in the city.
She Is uaing entertained by her sister, Mrn
J Psneed on C Alege Haill.
D)r Livingstone, a popular physician
from Joneeville, Texas. attended the mar
_lage of his relative, 1) P M Liylingstone,
the dentist, X nas evening.
Rev W 8 Griflin, late paster of the O. S
t'resbyterian ohuroh, has moved his family
to Kaanes City for the future.
.ion Hal Norwood, as state senator, wil; I
very soon be taklng his departure for Little
R ,rk.
J I Alley, as representative, will leave
here on the 1 th inest.
Miss Lthbldge, of Brenham, Tz=., the
-ec' at guest of Miss Glsener Grees, at
Hotel Mene. has returned home.
The ''wentieth Century ball at Coam'
poiltan hall was a pronounced suceess and
the event of the season
The Methodist Episcopal church, South,
had a "watch servlce" that lasted from
9 p m to 11 p mon New Yeal's Eve. A
charamig programme of soea and prayer
t5lled the hours and as with the expectant
ciewd gathered is the church-the old
year died em the wings of ;ra7yr and the
New Year caught a bright Inspiration from
the grateful throng.
The New Yeat came to us in lee and
seems to be enj ynag the frozen embrace.
I he Christ church (the Episcopal) h s a
new and popular rector. His lamily jolned
him last week. They are delighted with
he picturesque Ozards, Chrlst church is
small in buildting, but out of debt. The
congreation bhVe just pail for, and . .'
n tothe house a meat organ. Tney are now
Irving ta raise mrney .o paper the build.
lug More Anon
NOTtS
Among the welconmei a' quisitlons to
Shreveport, who will soon be I cited in
S2reveport. may be m'ntloned Mr and Mrs
A K Clingman of Homer and Mr. and Mrs
S Q fH !lagsworto tf Cnushatta.
'uLe weekly IC"ehre tlub were enterta
t 'ned d. !':lhtlbll on MonJay by Mrs
T. kul ki.
Miss Josle B.con entertaired on the
night of I) cemoer 81, at her home, a num
her of her irlends who watched the 1 i
year out and we l"omed the New V ar. Tur
watch was interspersed with m Wsd, Ir:stru
ment i and v ccl and with refreshments
Miss Estells Vance entertained the
Young Ladies G tme club last Thursday.
A most cha.mingeveei-"' was epent. Ms,
English. nt kadueah. Ky., who Is a giest
.o Mrs V'aee was one of the happy party
and with Miss ?Pwale Butler, of Vanoe
vil'e, asllsted In the entertainment of the
guests, Miss Mian Utz and Miss Sewall
win the prizes.
asse
Married
On Tuesday, New Year, Mr George
F Lukas and Mlas Jodle Werthemier
were married at the residence or the
bride's sister, Mrs Uasmpbell, ou
Caddo street, by Judge C D Hicks.
The groom is a typo connected with
Carney Bros., printers, and is a mHt
ercelleut young man. The brldd is a
charming young lady and quite pop.
ular.
rersosal
Miss Eva Browaing of Seymour, Texas,
is vislting Mrs (Go L Ramsey of the
Howard Cole Addition.
Miss Henna Kahn has returned from
Marshall, Texas, where she v.sited her
aunt, Mrs Jake Weisman.
Miss Fannie Ames has returned home
from a pleasant visit to ideals in New
Orleans.
Miss ites Tally hu returned home from
New York, where she spent severs! months
perfecting herself In the study of various
branches of art.
I
rr -
"Bostonian"
3.50 Shoes
FOR MEN.
Have cut , itrl te a tiiur- n the .hre-et) r
shoe Markit There ...ts t differen , b'
lwe re a "t.' rtnl;iran tt oth}er }1 0) ýhrhi.
The greatet difference tof courste i in the
ua itv. but iin st.uothne;. 't stvhe and du
ra l, ,fr ' w i. " nor n; t.r lth" prt! "
,o npare with thib ., . ndertul '1I i.
.Ik t .1"r nei bi . w hat hi this l ,, ht
"BOSTONIANS."
-ol irin . vele t.n.:l" at.
Benson's,
421 Texas Street
Mis M iud 1)11l and her brother, Mr
Hward Doll. are veitiº ton Natchitoches'
and.sar the guests of Mr and Mrs Sam
Aaron.
Mrs A B Pailiips, of (rand Cans, e the
welcomed goeet of Ler daugoter, MrsJ
Henry Shepherd.
Col and Mrs W ti Wise have returned
home from a plessa IL visit to re.atives and
friends it at Louis.
Miss Julia Pickett, Miss Annie Honey,
Miss Psuline l:gers, accompanied by
Mrs H C Rogers, left on yesterday even.
ing's train for Hirrlb irg, Ky., a here
they will attend the Beaumost C ,lege.
Mrs W C;aldwolt has returned to her
home in Many after spending several days
in the city.
Mrs F B Uickason has returned home
after a pleasant visit to relatives in Na
tchitoc he s.
The charmicg Miss Ferdie Trichel. of
the Shreveport P.ogress. after spedding
several days in B ye,. the pleasant guest
of the Misses Wells, left last week for her
home.--Boyce Knterprise.
Miss Lida Webster, of Jefferson. has
returned .o her nome aster spending the
belidays with relatives.
Dr and Mrs J L' Ycott have returned
home from a visit to relatives ii. Yort
Wobth. Tex.
Mrs Julius Fisher. of Smithville, Texas,
is visili ig frinds in this city. her li borne,
sad is the guest of Mrs Charles (ordon anu
Mrs Thec Meyer, her cousins.
Mr and Mrs Abe Kirsch have returnaed.
home from Maton Rouge, where they
plar ej i the institute for the deal, their
son Moile, a bright boy, who will, no
doubt, progress rapioly in his studies
Miss Jadsi Mapl s. after spending the
holidays delightiully, has returned to
school in New Orlesas.
Mrs Beaton MoMfllin and her little
daugoter. Kleanor. will leave this week
for tnetr home is Nashville, lean.
Miss Byam*, of Natcbhitches, is in the
c tý on a vis.t and is the guest of Mis, L
trudin *.e.
A House Warming.
On Tuesday evening, New Years,
Rev Ulau(t- L Jones and his good
wife were surprised beyond all ex
pr wson. By agreement they were
lonvlted to spend the afternoon with
Mr and Mrs Ramsey, not su'pecting
that member, of their church and
their trienis had plannea a house
warming, which was executed with
skil fut .uccess and secr cy, which
surprised Mr Jounes and his wife, who
on their returu to their new home, ii
which they hal m wved that day, were
kreete:i with the soulfu' notes of
'Hum , Sweet Hlomi." Their home
had beeu caplured and was held by
their frieuds, wbo had brought wi,1,
them many good tbings. Mr Loth r
of the Americau Expreess compa ,y
spoke loquentlyv the hearty words
of greetiug, te which Rtv Mr Jouoe
rts.obd:d meet foclingly. The house
waruin.g was closetd wit'i the siugIug
"N:arer My God to Thee," when tte
good-bye and God bless you to'
Iowed.
New iear's Nuts and Ralsins.
The time honored lessert of nuts and
raislns can he varied a little in the
manner of serving. A fancy arrange
-"a
FANCY ARIANGS~SENT OF NUI:TS, ETC.
Ient from Table Talk is here shown
of nuts, raisins stuffed with blanched
almonds, rolled in sugar; chestnuts In
bur on top, and sultana raisins.
About Milk.
Milk is said to be a perfect food, but
In no sense a beverage and should
never be used as such. [For some in
valids It supplies all that is necessary
for sustenance and in this respect dif
fers from beef tea, a hith does not
nourish, but only stimiulatis., altlhouigh
many people still foster thle dlinusiont
that it affords both n uthi:meett and
strength. A very little milk, if it agrees
with the Indiviluial. Is of miorue real
valun tlhan a large q'iantity of beef tea.
Again. cocoa and chocolate, made with
milk, form a rich. heavy food, but cer
tainly nut a drink. f
FASIIONS IX FIURS.
MANY SHAPES, MANY SKINS AND
FA:.CiFUL GA.RNITURES.
Short ( o:ts, lon ('onat. Hojs a-nd
BHole r.,. Intff aind 'i .q(u'-s All In
Fur- t"i.t F 'ur. I sed For Trim
nlinnu on (.loth and I.nte (:oavns.
F:sionh l a tal' of fur:. Slthort
co:lt antil l,:'.' coats. lsois antl tIslro~.
Inuff n' anl ats are all made of fur..
all i0 spite of the thrieots of the au
thirities the sealskin jaceket i. as popu
It a! ever. Very s.mart il1eal is the
Ilatest eý:i Ile of this, with the square
tailel bak; and cut rather shorl t on
tLe hlls. !
i'ht wh1le fo\ bo[a has reen adoplte(d.
andl we may si. these In every color
bang.tig over the sliullers of lovely
4
BOLEILO OF SE.ALSKIN.
woman. To wear a whole animal Is
not perhaps entirely gratifying to the
asthetic sense. We are able to forget
more easily ;he details of their slaugh
ter when we merely gaze upon the
skins of the bodies worked into gar
ments. There Is nothing very heart
rending In' the sight of a sable cape.
except it be on your dearest friend and
you want it for yourself, butt the whole
dead animal staring at you v ith glaz
ed but reproachful eyes is a dtsquiet
ing object. However, the R hole fox
boa obtains in white, black and brown
and blue, and muffs are made to match,
with heads set in the center, and for
little children these are to be seen In
white. A fur, however, more appro
priate to children Is miniver, and most
attractive little boas and muffs are
made of this. Then, too, ermine Is
very well suited to the young child,
and, In combination with rose pink or
pale blue or mauve cloth, it will make
a beautiful w:a er coat.
The Influence of the fashion of fur is
discernible on the latest cloths, which
are mostly rough of surface and zibe
line In texture. Again, some of the
cloth dresses show designs of fur trac
ed with goltl or fanciful braid, the fiat
furs being mostly used for such ptw.
poses, caracal and broadtall in prefer
ence.
A very stylish bolero of sealskln ap
pears In the first cut. just draped over
the bust and held by an engraved gold
button, while the fringe Is of old gold
and stotl beads, the cuffs and ends of
the stole being embroidered In duill
gold braid, steel and gold beads. The
muff is decorated to match.
The second costume is of a pale ocher
colored cloth, with a holero of chinchil
x, .
w
·r vyt ··r r
K.: ·
CL(,TIt A~t' CHIINCHIL[LA CO~TUMR
IA. amri it isr WorQ Wit, mrost excellent
effoct ýIvrr a thorrse or very ce: rse lace.
l'ur int rwlcs itselft irper the lace
dlresse. f'r even in: "a'. a itl same of
thre eirrtoratl :r Idiert:Il (tit 011 mlIss
lin riur siIl slowV pr tIr ills our teud in
fut.
F~recnh ifrea:.fa~tU.
Tr fitert 'I jr It!lrt l;t' I;C (I) 1W!
dilerernt r1118s in I i II Jr it Iv. tre
clrrp o` tea. i r ." utor l l l olj dr itl
roll. andt tIe (hr j'I tr ela I nrtim belle.
Rihich Is cjrtV1:1 :,t I l tIt .\rrrcrican
luncheon.
FOR EVENING DRESS.
Ollse Hrtrptr I4.t.reri.e, S.ame i er7
Ni a 1 1 lie , (l..:1 . t :uit
h I 3 l l ,',t n:1 , , d i',, r. ,' , 'I : . 1l
,r ' 14ti 11 t 41,t e u. i ll, . the prin 1. \ t al tl ,IU -
gut < fI " ii It a -I It i I'u .-, r ' eil i.: Iru . i a l t i
III ': I t1, lu. l' is -itiite r as 11 it i n ti t
illt t' t io glk; abtsot. "1'ltii ' a:' tdh rii
(1:l. )'.,- o f ) \'( illg 1ll'c ...',.. :(1111 1):l-v
t11I tibeo .tilln uit irup ra li, in th s l li t :
tfi4ey ft r it ltt-rt i0 i dung !' tiltites,
t1ry nsilk 1an t1i, la i t toes for olde ' i111
girls \VwIoli T ' f ir tillheir :0 1n oll, o thi rI
year Iof so ial, ilite i.n4l4s stl lliI tly
lth) rih 4 1 t ,t-ftit i osIf tns flor thl itS.
trai ni . ll t ) :il l 1 " lh ,'s1 ' I l ',', e tllhr l'4 ll)
ery :1114 .i li l E( 'trtt as com ou I 'll
pAll i'ts of the \ wln. thllu ' i \' or thell
trilllling. h111r4' se't.I .s to, h. ib l.ss if
tithe tigaro and uort, dralpery. in surlpli.e
T1)141' than heretofore inl l l l l 1 tiin 'e.
very many of lthe light dresses ha V(
the w, hole f'(ronts' dra(1e310 I: )ros in Sll'
pli.t faush ion, sbut in this style th1,ir e i l
dle of I li,' front i44 I4'ft 01(1 Iltk a Ir it.1
awl the 1:4114t41rial is 7.10i11' . n44, 4 \' wilh
fine f4a'therh n( 1(p11!iin , hull at the toll
there is a 11)rtha of Il.i whilli-h is left
to full over tihe eig- Iily tio t411e right
sidl, anid half w:tl :ll'unlllll in it t Iack.
All tIle, rest It ir IIgh t ni ii 1 - 'ry full
r llhIt al is sXt III high like a i hllnt lthh r
strap. U(I1 u in"e .h1ct ler it s a1 ilbw 'it'
rihlh -n, at l It tis lla fl 1 t i ta ' the iu \ tl lld
sole In the lefI t 4id( is 1;1in 1thii r.
Qu1 ite a Ilnmirllh'r Itf pretty . fl. .o lill
ied eI a loe two 1it- linet. Ile' 1n1hitIn
thI I . l t for Icoe r 1 i l411 the1 d1 inelkou
irs io: .:1 iiiei o111t11 :ig h s lotk o thle
\w f1 ' l'ratlltl,'lt lull tl'a 4 t 4~le ;e: si ..
Ti e rs t Il in hlve im l'ln n '''an , o liar' 'r
lrte r' v le l. full .kniers of ia vr and
perhaps 7id 4 ceull: 1i4le' tll ailtl inl thl
Ilaye of a I li .tlie ree all emtroid lry
along the li.og' teie llu Il te'. A rlXaple
is l this: A g \\'n te i s a iWit 1)r 11i n1il'
with lung 'leevus of 'lef ta S c. he
waist t.eal'ohs a point, and wide li.h
bon to goat lh is t\rist es along. 'his is
tied into a ol(t at y h hlft sidet. There
s f inished off wlth l a high sltk of the
i4e1rS, andl there is a small j:otht of
lace at the tatoat. there is over all
a wide coll: v soenewhat inr sailor
shaper with o de revers, all edged with
lace ruffles. 'hc se revhers are of bl,
faille thne t shade as the dress, and
along tlhe ed.e ithere is a silver se-n
pearl passen o nterie. Itutiles of lace
are at the wrints also. The evening
bodice to go with this dress Is ex
tlemenly pretty, but very youthful.
The laing seems to have been made so
stiff with featherbaone that the wearer
must feel as If in a cask, and over this
is a draping of crepe de chine in the
same shade as the skirt. There Is a
crimson velvet pointed, draped telt.
rThere arnc no sleeves at all, the only
rthing across the shoulders being
stratys made of three white chlrysanthe
mums each.
A most elegant and striking gown for
a young lady in her second or third sea
son or a young married lady is an em
pire dress of black chantilly with fig
ures wrought in chenille and with vel
vet ribbon around the bottom. This
elegant gown could also be developed
in plain Russian net, and the embroid
ery would be even easier to do on that
kind of lace.
The skirt can easily be understood by
a reference to the picture, as far as the
front is concerned. The back has a
breadth made in sh'ape of a lox plait, 1
and this breadth Is of white faille sew-,j
EVE:NING Df:Els. -.
M ¶1 't Ii snmali 1,1:1k 5j':iiil'e a:44 is set
Iotn io dlia t''is in thei (roIto~r of tie hack.
'Il 1ho :aist iS (If tl1e. white for ijistiot six
Inolln i. . nl 1 li] a th14 tare1: \,(itl4 t lih 111 14
vet liars4 begins. 1115 whint.* sillk Inell
e8 a 4'014J111 :44 is (I111t4 smIlooItlh :;'4'o'*.'
Ils 144 114k, though~1 411:4 r''l a litt le in
front. InI the4 (Cute41 of the l,:o'l: 444i the
ha rri2 alre two, long end, e t' ti iv, t
t'itton on em' It side. an]i tle ha:44 to
thle Ilottotrn of IL. tra:4:4:43 shirt. '1Ii
rr't of the wnia t is gartlb 444' full. au4.
thi'r'w is a. rnritiiig of ti.' Ia. e it then
fle4 k aMum in fruit al h,ihl t'I t !4't14ill,
partly of tile wit. i ':1 :41441 tl r tly of
thll' hla3k 14414". ,' e 31 :tý I1 (it t Ili,'
oltfon :nri1 aPr fitib l '1 1h14t' wtith x
dii''t 110iet414' lIt of :34144IIi. 414l 1l1l '.
`II· c nii'l ire rlcct is ell~ta ti]i l,t the
mhiort ~t :.t' l :IiK toh nd titer htting
tines of ve'lvect ril buti.
- OLIuVE I a'nr ER.
; OLID U Y S( ' ETS.
Iott.w to '!a:_e '"" j'nl tl. t.ltr. S1lIm
..1. Put
ful .. f but
t ,r . ,, -_ a :, 1 tti
a 1 14a1 i: '.. l . ''i ' .4 :I, 1 '. : 11: r 1 14"iI
Ibe r lit 0 i t nt lit tr 1 Tl:llc ' Ifro t
Iii lI t . ;il .t'" ' Io :r :l . lt :7, it Pratrd '
Ii.tl tl a- I . . '! lll l t,)nl o balls
o r oues aul, stan'i 1I4 a lnltllrted plate,
till ( ld.
l',anut I:ritt(i: . l'ut nl e cupfull of
111141:l.. .. , .I\ t a." -. ' I r1" 11444 ti ll:Ir
l11l1 ,l l' plfill of t:1 " il a dE1ep ket
ti and boil uin ti ii \ hb tl drl.p d in cohl
tt't', it al. l h ' rl h tl It I a hari d till
btwtl'teu l,l t :lan b :Ital linIrt'. Add
thi t' pillt of hs .lhit1l 4 l it l ,r .n pea
I ,lls, hal five llinlu.t, 11.u'r thenl adltt
two he:lpilnr talh.ponl l'fuL. of butter;
take from the tire atild tir till th1n but
t.' iS nltltd. a. lt lon t 1a-po tful of
hbakilngso 5l: and .:lfr 111tl ly i. .As the
c(anfly bt'gin- to ri-Ie panur at (01)1e' on
well grtased plus, s.tre:alig ;s thin a:t
possible.
('1l '1entate C ':anwll '.-R- oil slowly to
gt1h1ier otle pollitll (of rwn siaL, half
a cIuptul of urulu.-.s, a (larthr t i of
(14ul111 '1 gl1atei h1414' Ih4 tI, half a lenI>.
1l of (ril ma:l ll (illtjnlrspionful of
bl ttthr until it i. like v try thick ine
la.t's. 'lai frIl the fire, add wue
t 4Il.4un1' of vanlla ainl pour lln.i
atllaigh. sithl4d Itutt etr-d p.tns, markir.,j
In <la rt.e . 4 (hen 41 rtly hi i cold.
Sug;ar 'a1ralliels.-Ic ,il together on1
pint lof gra1lnutlah1d s1ugar aind one anli
a hallf cupfuls o rich cral ral. Have 4t
l+tl ly, ill her ,lo4t lire :and stir oc
('al1i:llly u til a Slpoounful dlropped
(into ier water ('an be rolled by the
lt nl, ant igd ting nr. to a hard ball. Takt
front the lire at once, a ld one tea
stpoontful of vanilla or any kind of
lt' oinh.g antd poulr into well buttered
tins. W\hen partly cooled, mark otT in
squa res.
Pulled Pelppermints.-Boil together
three cupt)fuls cf granulated sugar, one
andI a half cupfuIls of water anti a
qluarter of a teaspoonful of tartaric
acid until on trying In cold water it
will almost crack, but if held a no
tient can be rolled into a bard b)all.
Dto not stir, but pour into a buttered
dish to cool. As soon as It can be
handled add a teaspoonful of extract
of peppermint and pull until it is white,
then cut in sticks.
Cream Candy.-Boll together two
cupfuls of granulated sugar, half a
teaspoonful of cream of tartar, a tea
spoonful of vinegar and a cupful of
water until it will snap when dropped
In cold water. Pour at once on a
gr^ased platter and pull when cool
enough to handle.
Butter Scotch.-Boll together two
cupfuls of granulated sugar, balf a cup
ful of molasses, a cupful of butter,
one-third of a cupful each of vinegar
and water. Cook steadily until, when a
little is dropped in cold water. it will,
snap. Pour at once Into shallow pans;
do not have It more than a quarter
of an inch thick. Mark Into squares
before it hardens.-Table Talk.
Bead Parmem Very ModlsL.
Great Is the vogue of chain and
beand purses and bags of every descrip
tion-round. with gate tops, or drawn
AIG(LON liE D PLRsE.
up on rings or mounted with fiat frames
like the fascinating Aigion purse of the
illustration. which can be knitted or
crocheted in silk anid h.ealds. As shown
,y the i.haiu and hook. It Is to 'ie worn
as. a chatela inc. The malgll oll f tpurses
Is lluite a fad with fancy i orkers, an: .
the princiltal expense lies in ha' ingi
thnw prloperly mo)(unlted by' the silver
Smiith. Such :a piurs' is one of the
strong points of f:ishionabhle dress just
UuW.
Lace For Trinmming l annels.
"se S[lt lIla l floss ranld (cars S.t.eel
needles, dir (i The lýLani is W', rld.
('ast on .' sarilchuis; kuit twice a'I'u-i
1. Sip 1, * tlhread over 2. knit 1. l:e
peat fr.or * I timies, knit 7. purl.
2. Slip 1. knit 2. thre:.! ovcr, narrow,
thre:lad over. narrow. * slip 1, drop 2
loops. Itep,:t frlm * 1n tiiines.
3 No r take kre lorlr stitilr.s itamiId
by drolpping 2 Ionop arad put ti41n on
thef nfedlei just ki: I out ] Thln corn
rullow'( neIlt to tlinh haindng andl knit all
of th Ire long titr'has plan.
4. All knit pLl in.
5. Slip 1, nit 2 er, r, narrow, ov.t,
natrr'ow. knit Ia;
i''p;i:t trnlln :1-t r w.
Plum, irrldge.
Ohtl f:hl unL I pla. cn porridge nrrn be
rnra iu .r! r n , wr L aIt Il Iur. or I nil arin
t. al. \\ rn I iý- rtal of tit rua l. it
tall r:t !.( a I "nuc "r t.li to pro ' are, ai. It
rn'-lnir :it I- t ter t l lurirs tv (clak.
tlhlor'enilv. \' h.t it I le r'rii e k dlone.
rIdl t: ,... : . ! ;,I':: Sii ,,. fruit u.
sl.rlyt to ,pr. -v..tr it brre:ktsng anrid aerv
with cugav and o,_auj. , .