R. SMITH,
ey and Counsellor
at Law.
h Building, on Soring street.
in all State and Federal
BOETZ,
ily Groceries.
TEXAS STREET.
ad examine my new clea
W. Waring
Phone 320.
dertaker
Dealers in Fine
ers
ardware.
521 Edwards Street
N BUILDING.
Pocket Knives and
Scissorz.
LASS.
tools a specialty.
Coffins attended to day
port Turf
ge.
tiat*t and most reliable
froa the races
day at the
VEPORT
ad get the result&
from responrible
uraint
liE
uy ffor
;lasfresh.
6~ic;5:30
av. all
ozp.
'" SXeater in
GE TRIM flI
11:
0MO
LRY~A<'
'S p~
CEREMONIES OF FAIR
They Were Inaugurated by a Grand
Mi itary Parade.
CORBIN IN COMMAND.
The Soldiers In the Line of March
Were Composed of Members of
the National Guard, Also
Regular Troops.
St. Louis, May 1.-The rites which
presented the Louisiana Purchase ex
position to the world were performed
in Liberal Arts building Thursday with
all the dignity and splendor befitting
such an occasion, the parade of 11,000
soldiers down Lindell boulevard to the
World's fair grounds forming a bril
liant prelude to the ceremony or dedi
Cation.
Sixty thousand people crowded into
the big auditorium, where, in the pres
ence of official representatives of all
civilized nations of the world, the
words of dedication were spok-a by the
president of the United States. As the
last syllable fell from the soeaker "
lips, and the dedication of ona or t.h
world's greatest fairs was completed
60,000 voices rose in a prodigious note
of applause.
President Roosevelt. Ex-President
Cleveland and an imposing company of
diplomatists, governors, senators, con
gressional representatives, government
officials and representatives of the ex
position came to the Liberal Arts
building from functions which were
served in tents on the grounds.
President Roosevelt, former Presi
dent Cleveland, Presiuent Francis of
the Exposition company, President
Carter of the World's fair commission.
members of the cabinet and supreme
court, took seats in the center of the
platform. At the president's right sat
the visiting diplomatists, a distinguish
ed looking contingent. In this section
also were other distinguished foreign
ers and representatives of the state de
partment at Washington. To the left
of the president sat joint delegations ol
senators and representatives represent
ing congress, foreign commissioners tc
the fair and General Miles, General
Corbin and General John C. Bates
with many others scarcely less distin
guished.
Two front sections of the audito
rium proper were occupied by govern
ors of states and their staffs, National
World's fair representatives, United
States senators and congressmen whc
were net members of the congressional
joint delegation, and other notable
guasts. Acrdss the aisles was a bril
'iantly gowned assemblage of women
Including wives Of guests of men con
nected with the ceremonies and the
b"khr of lady managers. Back of these
rosi tier on tier of thousands common
ly spoken of as the "general public."
Those in the rear of this contingeni
'had dliculty in hearing the speeches
for the hall is .a long one and miles of
bunting and Sags, e---...ing the min
gled colors of Spain, France and the
United States, impaired the acoustic
properties of the building.
Although many could not hear, all
could see, and .the rear guagd cheered
the appearance of the speakers as
heartily as. the more fortunate ones
did their words.
Besides President Roosevelt, other
participants in the ceremony were Car
dinal Gibbons, Blsaops E. B. Hendrix
and Henry C. Potter, former President
Cleveland. Thomas H. Carter. president
of the day, an d:David R. .Francis.
At the coieluasion of the speeches,
and it being the One hundreds annl.
versary of tfe signing of the treaty
which traasFrred the Lioui ana pur
chase from France*to the United States,
* centePaflha _a.te of . t aerial gun4
was nfied.
Ti greLt military parade, wnicn
was designed- to be distinctively a
show spe tacle of the dedication cer
eQanles., was held in the morning, and
it proved .to be all that ALa promoters
could wish. and all that the regular ar
my oloeesn who controlled It could
hope for. There hasr been many mil
Itary parades that revealed more men
in line; there -my have ~een some
that were as gorgeous to look upon,
but it is drbtful if thete- has ever
been anyy that were more carefully
handled or. aore .superbly managed
than tis one
A heavy rala whieh tell at S o'clock
hin ti -aorai dasposed of the heavy
dust, and, save~ the one feature of a
xbig k A*m t talagsl`re fivorable to
the laucess Po the p _.
The iight Oef ma i-g thousands
'fIoat the :miaxt t6acge President
Uo seveat'e ratewldn -st was in
SSpirmg. half : a le :ato they left
eatd fee as eau l distance to the right
the windlga esolna was li comablete
l*tw. the adresidet #atched the
Apatth M fs h iawtheu rc attentaion.
Although Adjutant Gemmral Reery C.
Corbit was grandt iarahal, the ictive
work bto organlsbg the columas and
pags ·was done I ltgrga
ier t ild A. Johastona of the
8 army, and IJastant
A o*odwin, 2 ath ited
There were 11.,(0 men
h.rad 9O0 4t the
Turkey a -A
at theira1 uc
t:e mbega he train trosi a
wan damalaed but a on
was tamea___
~i;i~~
MEET AT TOPEKA.
Railroad Young Men's Christian Assocla
tion in Session.
Topeka, Kan.. May 1.-More than
1500 delegates to the International con
vention of the Railroad Young Men's
Christian association gathered in the
Auditorium to attend the opening of
the eleventh meeting of the associa
tion. Address of welcome was given
by Chief Justice W. A. Johnston,
Kansas; Edward Wilder, treasurer,
Santa Fe railroad, and John E. Frost,
president of the Commercial club. Re
sponses were made by Col. John J.
McCook of New York, president of the
International association. Following
this was an address on locomotive re
ligion by Rev. P. S. Henson of Brook.
lyn.
At the evening service the Young
Men's Christian Association Glee club
of Cleburne, Tex., sang.
CASSINI CALLED.
Russian Ambassador and Secretary Hay
Discuss Manchuria Matters.
Washington, May 1.--Count Cassint,
the Russian ambassador, called at the
state department and had a long In
terview with Secretary Hay, in which
the whole Manchurian matter is under
stood to have been frankly discussed.
The discussion throughout was of the
mosct amicable and and satisfactory
character. The Japanese minister, Mr.
Takihari, called later, and he also dis.
cussed Manchuria. The Japanese are
finding much comfort in Ambassador
MicCormick's dispatch from St. Peters.
burg conveying Russia's disclaimer of
improper purposes as to Manchuria.
Nine Killed.
Hollidaysburg, Pa., May 1.-The ex
tensive plant of the Crescent Powder
company of Canister was wrecked by
a series of four explosions.
Of the thirty employes, nine were
killed outright and all the others were
severely injured.
The first explosion occurred among
the material in the mixing house.
blowing that building to atoms and
also destroying the two punching
houses and the office.
Nothing was left of these struc
tures. Fire arose in other buildings.
The force of the explosion was felt
in towns five miles away and all houses
in the locality were damarnd.
It costs no more to have good station
ery for your business than the poor kind.
The good kind is the kind we do.
LET US TRY IT.
The Caucasian is pleased to endorse
the article following, which is clipped
from the Homer Guardian-Journal:
"The ballot is the best method of
electing public officers, and why should
it not also be the best method of nomi
nating them? The ballot places eirery
voter upan an equality and the voice of
one is as potent as that of any other.
It gives every candidate a fair chance
and every voter a fail chance. All can
didates could be chosen by a direct vote
of the members of the party as well as
elected by a direct vote of the people in
the general election. Primaries. are un
der the protection of the law. And in
this State the nominations of the Demo
cratic party are equivalent to election,
and therefore should be made by a direct
vote of the rank and file of the party.
"'There are no objections to primaries
which will not apply with equal or great
er force to other methods of making
nominations. Persons not members of
the party may not participate in the pri
maries to some extent, but such persons
can also participate in mass meetings and
even as delegates to nominating con
ventions.
"Primaries can be safeguarded just
as well as any other method, and, on the
whole, it is decidedly the best and fair
est method: There will be no population
basis of representation in a primary, and
any Democrat in the State will be equal
to any other Democrat in the State, no
matter in how large a negro parish he
may reside. This method has been adopt
ed in South Carolina, Alabama, Arkan
sas, Mississippi and other Southern
States, and has worked well and given
satisfaction. It brings the candidates out
in the open on their merits, and destroys
Women's Headaches
PoarLA _ y, MAznw, Oct. 17 1902.
I oaside. Wine o Cadai superioe to any doetlr's medicine I ever used and I know whereof I speak. suffered for
i.ne mouthe with snppresed metrntion whih com ated me. Pains would shoot through my back and sides
and I woqld have bliding headaeisa My limbs wod w up and I would feel so weak I could not stand up.
I natally elt di-couraged fr I seemedto be beyond the help of physicians, but Wine of Cardui came as a God-send
to me. ISelt a chage for the better within a week. After nineteen days treatment I menstruated without saffering the
agoaial usuallp did ui became r and w ithtat sin.
Wince of Carda asmly
Treasurer, Portland Economic League.
HIIeadaches are the danger signals f onming di.te. Malarial headache predicts fever. Bilious headache foretells
liver troubles. Neuralgicheadachet shows overworked nerves. Periodical headahes tell of female weakness.
Bothmen and women suffer the first four kinds of headaches, but the last, periodical headache, falls only to the lot of
women and cannot be mistaken, for it is the uerring sign of irregular menstruation and bearing down pains.
Nowoana .need give up and acept alife of suffering unless she allows herself to despair. Mrs. Snow, in her letter
ews er.sftsryine.rg woman how not only suffering can be avoided but how weakness can be conquered and the best health
.aamured. She tells, how even when the best medical aid failed, Wine of Cardni worked a complete cure.
Completely prostrated by nine months of enppressed menses, blinded by headaches and racked with pain
she was made a strong and healthty woman again. One week of suppression is a serious thing. But nine
moth.sl Think of it . C-n your aufering be greater than hers? Can your case be more seemingly hopeless?
B.-emember with Wine of Cardui no case is hopeles because this great remedy cures permanently nineteen
t of every twenty cases and never fails to benefit acase of irregular menses, bearing down pains or any female
weakness. Mrs. now's attention wasattracted to Wine of Cardai when she was discouraged and beyond the
help of ph cians--if she hadn't been beyond doctor's help she probably never would have come to take W ine of
ard. If yo dioag ed' and doctors have failed, thatisthebest reason in the world you should try Wine
£COarndu, and ty it now emaheh hdacfe mefemale weakness. They are from the same cause
Wt gna u e one..ae. Do not r etnyour case. 8ecure a bottle of Wine of
rs mii .sags. 0
what are known as gum shoe methods.
The campaign now in progress in Mis
sissippi is an illustration of this fact.
The candidates for governor and other
State offices and for the Senate in that
State are now on the stump. discussing
the issues of the dlay before the people.
and appealing to the masses for support
on their merits and because of the
soundnes. of their political principles.
What a contrast this presents to the
methods which prevail in this State.
Here a State convention assembles, com
posed of delegates, appointed by little
mass meetings in some parishes, selected
by parish committees in others and
chosen by primaries in still other par
ishes, and the trading and dickering
commences and a candidate for governor
is finally nominated, whom nobody out
side of a few politicians had ever
thought of in connection with the high
and important office.
"The people are tired of and disgusted
with such methods. The direct primary
is a better and fairer way. Let us try
it in Louisiana."
THE NEGRO AS A SUBJECT.
And the negro is the subject which
affords space writers for newspapers un
limited possibilities and it may be said
in all seriousness thatnot more than ten
per cent of the negro population in the
South ever peruse these essays, these
erratic and glittering generalities of
space fillers who, as a rule, are ignorant
of the negro except in the sense that he
is black or dark skinned, and that the
white man is white or light skinned.
Much is being said of the negro. but how
much more could be written of the Chi
nese, who are swarming into the United
States in numbers, and who if not
checked must, in a few years, aggravate
the social and the labor problem, which
is now so prolific a field for space writ
ers. Knowing the negro as we do, hav
ing had the practical experience with
the negro on the farm, working with
him side by side in the field with a hoe
or at the plow handle, and through all
the various functions of life in which
the negro is called into play, we have
long since realized that the best solution
of the negro problem is to let the negro
alone. We should give him every chance
and opportunity to grow up, and on this
we may reproduce the words of a critic
in the "Medical Brief' in a terse and
interesting article on "Oil and Water
Will not Mix," in which he says:
"The Americanism of the negro is
only skin deep. He is a good imitator,
but Anglo-Saxon manhood is something
he knows nothing about. The kindest
thing we can do for the negro is to let
him alone. Give him a chance to grow
up. Let him acquire the fundamental
virtues. Let him learn to be steady,
honest, sober, thrifty, self-controlled.
Let him become a skilled worker, a
property owner. Let him set himself to
climb the old, old ladder to advance
ment and he will cease to be a problem.
Nothing can be done for the race, every
thing is possible to the individual black
man.
"The doctor, from the standpoint of
scientist and biologist, can endorse the
truth of this. He knows, if no one else
does, that the negro is likely to suffer
more from his so-called friends than he
ever can from the hands of those who
understand him."
CHARTER
Of THE W. H. HEARNE COMPANY,
LIMITED.
United States of America, State of
Louisiana, Pariah of Caddo: Be-it
known that on this the 57th day of April,
A. D. g903, before me, Allen Rendall, a
Notary Public in and for the parish of
Caddo and State of Lotlisiana, duly com
missioned and qualified, and in presence
of the witnesses hereinafter undersigned,
personally came and appeared the sev
eral persons whose names are hereunto
subscribed. who severally declared that
availing themselves of the provisions of
the laws of this State relative to the
organization of corporations, they have
contracted and agreed, and do by these
presents agree and bind themselves, as
well as such other persons as may here
after become associated with them, to
form and constitute a corporation and
body corporate in law. for the object,
and purposes and under the agreements
and stipulations hereinafter set forth and
expressed.
ARTICLE I.
The name of this corporation shall lbe
'THE W. H. HEARNE COMPANY.
LIMITED." under which name it shall
have corporate existence and succession
for a period of ninety-nine years from
the date of this act, and shall have nowvcr
to contract, sue and be sued, to purchase,
lease, mortgage, pledge, alienate or en
cumber real estate or personal property
of every description, and generally to
have and exercise, for all purposes con
nected with or incidental to its business
as hereinafter set forth, all powers con
ferred upon corporations by the laws of
the State of Louisiana.
ARTICLE II.
The domicile of this corporation shall
be in the city of Shreveport, State of
Louisiana. Citation and all other legal
process shall be served upon the presi
dent of the company, and in his absence
on the secretary-treasurer of the com
pany.
ARTICLE IIIl
This cornoration is organized for the
purpose of purchasing and selling lands,
timber and personal property, and the
purchase, manufacture and sale of lum
ber, and to buy, manufacture and sell
articles made of lumber, and to establish
and conduct a saw-mill business, and to
carry on a general merchandise business,
and to purchase and sell goods. wares
and merchandise.
ARTICLE IV.
The capital stock of this corporation
shall be twenty-five thousand ($25,o00)
dollars, to be represented by two hun
dred and fifty (250) shares of capital
stock of the par value of one hundred
($soo) dollars. This corporation shall
commence business when ten thousand
($io,ooo) dollars of the capital stock are
subscribed and paid for. All stock shall
he fully paid for in money or its equiva
lent in property, before certificates there
for shall issue. All transfers of stock
shall be made on the books of the com
nanv
ARTICLE V.
All the powers of this corporation
shall be vested in and exercised by a
Board of Directors, consisting of three
stockholders, who shall be selected at
the annual meeting of the shareholders,
to be elected on the first Wednesday in
February of each year; notice of this
meeting shall be published ten days prior
to the holding thereof, in one daily news
paper published in the city of Shreve
port, La. At said meeting every share
holder shall be entitled to cast one vote,
in person or by proxy, on every share of
stock owned by him, and the majority of
votes cast shall elect. The Board of
Directors shall prescribe the manner in
which said meeting shall be held and the
votes cast and the result ascertained. The
failure to hold any annual meeting shall
not terminate this charter, but the of.
ficers then in office shall continue in of
fice and shall summon an annual meeting
as soon as ,ossible.
The Board of Directors of this cor
poration shall exercise all the powers,
both general and special, vested in this
corporation, as fully in every respect as
the same might be exercised by the
stockholders of the company, and shall
in no case be required to summon a
meeting of the shareholders of the com
pany to ratify or authorize an act, con'
tract, alienation or encumbrance done or
entered into by the said board.
The first Board of Directors of this
company, who shall hold office until the
first Wednesday of February, loo4, and
until their successors are elected and
qualified, shall be: D. C. Richardson, W.
H. Hearne and J. G. Newberry, with D.
C. Richardson as president, W. H.
Hearne vice president, and J. G. New
berr- secretary, who shall also be treas
urer.
The officers of this corporation shall be
a president, vice president and secretary
treasurer. Every director shall own at
least one share of the capital stock of
this company.
At all meetings of directors, the Ji
rectors not present in the city of Shreve
port may give their proxy or power of
attorney to a director present, who may
be present to cast the vote of the absent
directors on all matters that may come
before the board, in such sense as the
director to whom the proxy is given may
see proper, or the proxy' may contain
specific directions how and in what sense
the vote of the absent director shall be
cast.
ARTICLE VI.
This charter may be amended by a
vote of three-fourths of the stockholders
held at a general meeting convened for
that purpose, after fifteen days' notice
published in one of the newspapers pub
lished daily in the city of Shreveport.
and after a copy of the notice of said
meeting shall have Iheel mailed to each
shareholder at hi, adldress. or left with
the secretary of the c~mltany: and tlh
corporation mayv te dis olved with the
consent of three-forths of the stock
represented at such mtectin.-. 1I he c;apital
stockl of the company may he increased
or diminished by comiplyivi g \ith the
general laws of the State of ltui.-itna
upon such matters.
ARTICLE VII.
Whenever this corporation shall be
dissolved by expiration of its charter, or
sooner by vote of the shareholder<. two
liquidators shall be elected at a me! ing
of the shareholders at a general nmeeting
of the shareholders held after fifteen
days' notice, as above provided. 'These
liquidators shall continue in office until
the full liquidation of the corporation.
and in case of the death of either of
them, the shareholders may elect a quc
cessor, or if they do not select a succes
sor the powers of both liquidators shall
be vested in the surviving liquidator.
ARTICLE VIII.
No stockholder of this corporation
shall ever be held liable or responsible
for the contracts or faults of such cor
poration in any further sum than the
unpaid balance due to the corporation on
the shares owned by him; nor shall any
mere informality in organization have
the effect of rendering this charter null,
or of exposing a stockholder to any fur
ther liability than the amount of his
stock.
Thus done and passed at my office in
the city of Shreveport, La., on the day,
month and year hereinbefore first writ
ten, in the presence of E. H. Randolph
and H. W. Liebman, competent wit
nesses, who hereunto sign their names,
with the said appearers, and me, notary,
after the reading of the whole.
(Signed) :
D. C. RICHARDSON,
W. H. HEARNE,
J. G. NEWBERRY.
Witnesses:
E. H. RANDOLPH.
H. W. LIEBMAN.
ALLEN RENDALL,
Notary Public Caddo Parish, La.
State of Louisiana, Parish of Caddo:
I, John R. Land, district attorney of the
First Judicial District, Caddo Parish,
Louisiana, do hereby certify that I have
examined the above and foregoing char
ter and articles of incorporation, and,
finding nothing therein contrary to law,
I hereby anprove the same.
JOHN R. LAND.
FTistrict Attorney First Judicial Dis
trict of Louisiana, Caddo Parish..
April 17. 9go3.
(Endorsed) : Filed and recorded April
April 17, Igo3.
J. H. LEVY,
Deputy Clerk and Ex-Officio Deputy
Recorder.
I hereby certify that the above and
foregoing is a true and correct copy of
the orijinal actn as the same now appears
on, ile *nd do reor8d in .my office.
Given- under my hand and seal of office
on this 17th day of April, 1903.
J. H. LEVY,
Deputy Clerk and Ex-Officio Deputy
Recorder.
April t9, 1903
SHERIFF'S. SALE.
No. 8145-In First Judicial District
Court of Caddo Parish, La: Mack
Wellman vs. Eva Howland.
By virtue of a writ of seizure and
sale to me issued in the above entitled
and numbered suit by the Honorable
First District Court of Caddo Parish,
La., I have seized and will offer for
sale at public auction, according to law,
without the benefit of appraisement, at
the principal front door of the court
house of Caddo parish, in the city of
Shreveport, La., during the legal hours
for sales, on
SATURDAY, MAY 9, 1903,
the following described property, to
wit: Lots sixteen and seventeen (16
and 17) of block "D" of the Texarkana
Annex subdivision, in the city of
Shreveport, La., as per map in convey
ance book 22, page 17, of the recorder's
office of Caddo parish, La.
The said sale to be made on the fol
lowing terms: For cash to make the
sum of $5oo.oo with 8 per cent interest
thereon from February 4, 1902, and 5
per cent attorney's fees on said sum
and interest, and all costs of the suit;
and on terms of credit to pay one note
of $5oo.oo due February 4, 1904; and
one note for $5oo.oo due February 4,
1905; and one note for $5oo due Febru
ary 4, 1906; and one note for $50o.oo
due February 4, 1907; each note hear
ing 8 per cent interest per annum from
February 4, 1902.
S. J. WARD,
Sheriff of Caddo Parish, La.
Caucasian April 5. 1903.