Tables on the Saddles.
New York, March 27.---C. K. G. Bill
Ings, the Chicago horseman, will give
a novel dinner to thirty-five members
of the Equestrian club. The dinner
is to be in celebration of the opening
of Mr. Billings' $200,000 stable in this
city, and will be served on horseback,
each guest having in front of him on
his saddle a table, on which will bb
placed the various courses. Beside
each horse there is to be a waiter to
serve the rider and at each horse's
bead a groom will stand, lest.a sudden
start spill rider and dinner together.
It is estimated that the cost of the
dinner, which will be given in the car
riage room of the new stable, will
be approximately $100 a plate.
PASTOR ON STAND.
Testifies as to Statements 5Made by Mrs.
Hull and Late Mr. Burdick.
Buffalo, N. Y., March 27.-The gen
eral belief in the Burdick case is that
nothing in the nature of material evi
dence bearing directly upon the mur
der of Burdick will be forthcoming.
Rev. L. M. Powers testified that
Mrs. Hull and Burdick were members
of his church congregation. On two
separate occasions be had talked with
Mr. Burdick in regard to his do
mestic affairs. He said that Mrs, Hull
had told him her daughter had left
home and suit for divorce was pend
ing. She said her daughter was not
without fault, but was not alone to
blame. Mrs. Hull was Burdick's
mother-in-laW.
On the first occasion that he visited
Burdick he walked up home with him,
so that he was with him about an
hour. Burdick told him about every
thing that had come out in this exam
Ination.
"What did he tell you that has not
come out?"
"He told me Pennell threatened to
commit suicide if the divorce suit was
not withdrawn and that Pennell was
succeeding in impressing the sincerity
of his threat upon Mrs. Burdick to
such an extent that she had believed
him and induced Burdick to go to
Pennell and tell him that if he would
get out bf town he would call every
thing square. I think he said Pennell
had given him a written promise to
leave town. He told me that he had
made up his mind to make public all
letters Pennell had written Mrs. Bur
dick and he impressed upon me how
ridiculous it would make Pennell aP
pear."
Rev. Mr. Powers recently made a
statement over his signature defend
ing Mrs. Hull and accusing Pennell,
then dead, of the murder of Burdick.
It is said, however.. that'it was not so
much on account of this accusation
that he w as subp9enaed, but because
he was Burdick's pastor.
Looking for WIi.ll.
Plttsburg:. Pa., March 27.-At; the ie
Quest of the Btifalo police, authorities
of this city are trying to locate E~dtn
M'b 8lls, a former residentt Buttailoe,
whe to i#atet, in connectiot 'Itt the
lnai.tde -of ;Etdina L' .BurdQic. 'The
Spolie'a b lokinig for h mutat Whom
they suspect of hating brought,a wo
mn to b,uff~lo who a ctmed asi d ecoy
In an attempt: to ~re m Burdick to a
boiie where evidence could be secured
which wouldt block his sulttor divore.
The teleram stated that fl tils has
been t. x the city for several days, and
that he wb a thought to be stopping at
one of the principal Botels.
'TRIO DROWNED.
l . 4i s iru /ems -bw seen
Y of-Sb. wsFsr s W H Nave m
olrried I wit wio Wooes.
Caruthers.rlle, to., March 27.-Wa.n
tar hsn,. Luther OweS aid Miss JKe
ule Georgp Were dam wne in Pe.ms-l
_ ott bayds. Ark., eightees lles south
tfro. here, 'while returnintag from
priyer "teeth ig a cane. Therleraft
uivetursed. All the bodies have beena
r.Quire. L -Missor Geade and Oweas
ere to- be marrld within a fori t.
Owen.' body is held awaiting relatives
from Kentucky, his oine.
PI9RST OF THE KIND.
Umist~ he of Japan... ·ad mkral.b
Los .w: ele.s Calt, March 27.- Los
Angeles Cousdtyr Voaci ot iabor has
adopted resolutloa epderstng the ac
ties 61the state orinser tia effectingt
the nlonistatlion of Japanese ad Mes
ies" laborers at O t Te cToncil
Sadopted a l rtherv-slution favoraing
iIation o~f : iskIlle Aitic
oan other allean ioreres i Los An.
lilen. Local labor leaders state this
is the Stwit time a uiti labor organ,
isatoasn h oneoia iecord in any way
avoring Asiatic lambor.
, Ala. arch 27,--A camp of
_ :fCit t berate eteras has been
iath a large member
ft honor of George
ý ,who lifte in Charleston
brn t= torpedo boat
Confederacy whia Wbowing up the
Utited States ship ousatonic.
habte *esabhbop..
Rote arb -4t ist considered
maet prbable that the Rt. Rev. Jobhn
5. Olenad, coadjutor bishop 6f Kan
nCltye will be appotnted coadjutor
areblhop of St. Loui, and that the
t. Rev. teary Moler, bishop . of
will be amonter coadjutrs
$rch +t ia iit.
ofand Clanati.e o r the Pa
M attleases' tconvetion o age
-inlj.
ý" Ai ·
HIGHLY= SUCCESSFUL UNDERTAKING
ONF THE PACIFIC COAST.
One System That Has Been In Corn-,
mercial Use For Nearly Six Months.
How the Interception of Messages
Is Prevented.
[Special Correspondence.]
Santa Catalina Island, Cal., March 18.
-While other places nave wireless tel
egraph stations, it is the boast of the
Santa Catalina islanders that their lo
cality possesses the first station in the
world to be put to practical commer
cial uses. For nearly six months wire
less messages have been sent across
the bay of Avalon from White's p6int
to this island, a distance of almost thir
PACIBIO WIR$ LMB TELERAPH STATION.
ty-three miles. During this time over
3,000 communications have been made.
yet not one complaint has been made
of error or delay. As a`.result of this
success stations will soon be estab
'lished all along the Pacific coast from
Los Angeles to Aldska. Furthermore,
plans are being laid for wireless con
nections between the United States
and the Hawaiian Islands.
The system used here differs mate
rially from that of Marconi, one of the
pri.cipal points of difference being the
absence of the coberer used by Mar
coni to pleck up the electric waves. In
a recent intervd e the originator of the
system said that he had discovered in
California the presence of a great deal
of atmospl.eric electricity, which would
affect the coherer similarly to the elec
tric impulse sent out from the trans
.mitting station. For this reason he
had been compelled to substitute for
the coherer a device which would over
come the atmospheric Interference.
This device is in the nature of' a very
sensitive receiver, responding more
quickly than the coherer does. From
ftteef to twenty words a minute are
now sent, thanks to this device, and
improvements are expected to double
this rate of speed.
Lis rate or speea.
The equipment of the Catalina is
land station is much like that of the
well known Marconi stations. It con
sists of an engine and a dynamo, in
duction coil, Morse key, spark balls and
pnast. The current Is opened and
closed- through the induction coil by
the manipulation of the sending key,
and the operator, using the Morse al
phabet, transmits his message through
the ether just as he would, over the tel
egraph wire, it being received by'sound
no the receiving instrument in the sta
tion whither it has been sent.
W. G. 8qner, the man in charge of
the station~on this island, was for near
ly twenty years telegraph operator and
train dispatcher for the Pennsylvania
railroad. He is enthusiastic over the
success already attained by wireless
methods. What particularly pleases
him is the fact that the Pacific system
has found a way of providing for se
crecy in the sending of messages. As
explained by Mr. Sener, an outside sta
tion' has to be in exact tune or vibra
tlon with the sending station in order
to intercept the ether waves, and, as
the sending station has found a way
of changing the vibration every sec
ond, if necessary, it would be extreme
yI difficult for the outside station to re
ceive meisages other than those in
tended for it.
According to Mr. Sener. -climatic
changes do not have a noticeable effect
on wireless telegraphy as practiced on
the coast, with the exception that while
it is raining or is very foggy the mes
sages seem to come more clearly. The
'Impoetance of this Is evident, for it
greatly enhances the value of the wire
less for marine work.
limaarly the running of trains dur
tug or after a severe storm will he
greatly falittated, and already the
Sutan adlle Ril&oad. company is
eaperimenting with the system with a
ii-of ultimately snbstituting it for
tb reglar telegraphle method used in
train di.patcIng. An experimental
ear has bee fitted up,.and stations are
to be establlahed at Omaha, Ogden,
ift Lake CIty and other ities. It
Wil be se e that if this is proved fee
`sela the rasnsade of the country will
I. 9ea04d ttsah the tcostlvyjrrcks that
ºss as ftuuat ofi reienat roo
-jh NrrwUaUPONri~
Prettv Thias Ia Neekwear - Why
Fgeating Is Popular.
[Special Correspondence.]
New York, March 23.-As Easter ap
proaches, hew fashions are shown ev
ery waking minute, and I imagine they
are seen over again in dreams, for they
are too beautiful to forget even in
slumber. Not only are the principal
things reviewed in slumber, but the
many accessories to the toilets as well
-gloves, shoes.. hosiery, lingerie and all
the lovely things ifi neckwear.
A very important part of the acces
sories for this season is found in the
new neckwear. There are lace caps.
called pelerines, made of yak or mohair
lace. This is rather harsh, but very
effective and showy. The meshes are
open, and the motiff is well defined.
The color of the dress shows through
it. These cape collars, or collar capes,
reach quite to the waist line, but they
are finished off at the throat and have
no stock effect. They close at the
throat, and if the fair wearer has a
topaz pin it is now the style to use it
to fasten the cape.
Very long stole effects are produced
in some of the designs, and the ends
not infrequently reach the feet. Gen
erally this particular piece is made of
fine batiste, with insets and edging of
Irish crochet, which maintains its pop
ularity. Stocks, which are almost the
same shape and kind as those of a year
ago, are made of featherbone and silk
muslin, and the lace is then set on,
mostly in small designs, but of coarse
mesh. This makes extremely elegant
neckwear, particularly when there are
fancy bows and ends of pretty ribbon
or a tucked mull scarf. Sometimes
these scarfs are edged with fancy che
nille or ball fringe. Stocks are more
becoming to some persons than most
things, and there are so many different
fancies that it would be unprofitable
to mention any of them. One may say,
however, that the same shape of turn
overs is still in vogue, and everything
seems to be employed to develop some
thing new in that shape. Some are
tucked, others hemstitched, more 'em
broidered with wheels or floral designs
in white or in colors. Grapes and black
berries are still popular.
Fagoting is fully as well liked as
last season, and many beautiful stocks
and collars are made of this work join
ing fine castle braid. One reason why
fagoting is so much liked is because it
must be done by hand, and in these
days hand work is at a premium. That
is also why the waists and other hand
embroidered garments are so desired
and so very expensive. We have been
told until even I almost believed it
that the ladies of the Six Hundred em
broidered the most of their own gar
ments. Lately I have happened to see
some of them buying their clothes, and
surely thbre could have been nothing
left to embroider. The most exquisite
hand work was bought in such quanti
ties that it made my eyes open wide.
And you can find everything .possible
to imagine all ready to make up.
There are set pieces intended for
yokes, belts, sleeve ornaments and
trimmings for waists. All one has to
do is to make the 7alst and put the
lace or embroidered trimming on. The
illustration shows how lace is applied
to a taffeta waist. The whole is lat
ticed with a row .of narrow insertion
through which is run Tom Thumb rib
bop. The lace design is applied on the
A.aOTED WAIST AND LACE APPLIQUE.
bust and upper part of the sleeves and
the wrists, A stock is made of silk the
same shade as the Tom Thumb ribbon.
Fagoting is shown in the other waist.
The garment is of black moire laid in
fine tucks all around except where
there are bias bands of black faille,
fagoting, too, or the moire with canary
silk. The same design is carried out
all through.
Among the handsomest° of the silks
for waists is a new white in armure
effect, and nothing could be richer than
this trimmed with the lace sets provid
ed for the occasion. These motifs are
applied as best sults the wearer, but
many of the sets leave no choice in the
manner of application, as they are
planned especially for yokes, cuffs,
stocks or some other special purpose.
Matched embroideries are also offered
in beadings, insertions and set pieces.
These all go to make a perfect waist.
OLIVE HARPER.
Needs of FentataIty.
"Yes, ladies," announced the phys
eal cunlturist, "you will be surprised at
the miracles my system can work. It
can increase ybur shoulder measure
ment several inches, add to your stat
ure and grace, give you"
"But," Interrupted a fair pupil, "our
dessmakers can do all that for up in
no time. What we want to know is
how to get a twenty-three inch waist
into a saateen inch corset and a No. 5
Aot Into a No. 2 shoe without taking
THE NEW iEODICE WHERE THE PRES
IDI..T WILL WORSHIP.
Handsome and Commodious Struc
ture to Supersede the Small and
Crowded Chapel of Grace Reform
ad Church In Washington.
[Special Correspondence.]
Washington, March 23.-The buildinq
in which President Roosevelt has wor
shiped since his inauguration is one
of the humblest church edifices in the
city. It is the modest chapel of Grace
Reformed church, located in Fifteenth
street, just opposite G street, and was
built years ago, when the congregation
was small in numbers and poor in
purse. At the time the plot of ground
was purchased the finances of the
church would not permit the erection
of a large and costly edifice, so a small
chapel was built on the rear of the lot,
---- i .- (
NEW GRACE REFORMED CHURCH, WASH
INGTON.
the intention being to put up a fine
structure on the main portion of the
ground when it could be afforded. In
due season that time came, and the
new Grace church, now nearly com
pleted, will be dedicated within the
coming month.
This gratifying result has been large
ly accomplished through the zealous
efforts of the pastor, Rev. Dr. John M.
Schick, though the project of building
a new church was advanced before his
pastorate began. It is pertinent also
to state that the proposition was adopt
ed long before President Roosevelt se
lected the church as his place of wor
ship, although his advent doubtless
helped along the project very material
ly.
The movement for a new church was
begun in 1899. Dr. Schick became the
pastor in 1900 and at once threw him
self into the work of increasing the
building fund. Twenty-five per cent
of it was raised before President Roose
velt's inauguration, but when he be
came a member of the church interest
in the proposed new building was
awakened throughout the church at
large, and many outside contributions
were received. When completed, the
church will have cost about $50,000.
The new Grace church will have a
feature entirely new in church archi
tecture in that the decorations on the
face of the structure will tell the his
tory of the Protestant reformation of
the sixteenth century. This idea origi
nated with Dr. Schick and was further
developed and completed by the archi
tect, Paul J. Pelz.
On either side of the central entrance
doors are the shields of Zurich and
Geneva, the places in which Ulric
Zwingli, the first proclaimer of the re
form in Switzerland. and John Calvin.
the master mi~d of the same reforma
tion, prosecuted their labors. In the ga
ble at the top is the shield of Frederick
III., the patron under whose auspices
the Heidelberg Catechism was prepar
ed. It is represented as supported by
a female figure, symbolizing the fact
that in the beginning of the denoiniua
tion's work in America it was support.
ed by the classis of Amsterdam of the
Reformed church in Holland. The two
supports of the label molding are heads
of the Swiss knight and the Swiss
burgher from whom this German Re
formed church sprang, and in the tym
panum of the two side entrances is a
representation of a lily growing under
thorns, to represent the martyr charac
ter of the reform party in the Protes
tant reformation of the sixteenth cen
tury.
This symbol has been used in all the
churches of this denomination to com
memorate the fact of the martyr char
acter and the sufferings endured by the
Reformed churches in their beginnings
and to express the confidence of the
followers of this faith in the triumph
of God's truth and life in spite of inim
ical environment and painful oppres
sion. On the front of the edifice ap
pears also the inscription "Grace Re
formed Church."
The need of a new and large place of
worshfp for the growing congregation
of Grace church has for some time
been urgent. The little chapel has
long been unable to accommodate more
than .,lf of those who seek admission
each Sunday. When it was built, there
was no thought in the minds of the
projectors that one day its humble
roof would shelter the head of the re
public. It has a seating capacity of
only 175, and the membership alone is
200. One-third of the seating space is
devoted to visitors, and every Sunday
from 200 to 300 are turned away. The
pews in the new church will be free, as
they are in the little chapel, but one
will be reserved for the president and
his friends. SAMUEL HUBBARD.
Lesser Evil.
Quinn-So you do not object to hear-'
ing Charlie Callow swear on the golf
inks?
De Fonte-No. When he is swearing,
be is not boring us with that Scotch
d ket.--Chiago News.
S. B. aCS, rl e dent. YALE HICKS, V
W. F. CHASE, Secretary-Treasurer.
DIRECTORS.
YALE HICKS, S. B. HICKS, F. H. GOSMAN, W .F.
T. H. SCOVELL. G. H. STEVENSON.
THE HICKS COMPA
[t.MITED.]
WHOLESALE GROCERS
and COTTON FACT
Office and Warehouse Corner spring and Travis Streets, and.
Texas and L\ommerce ' treets.
We want out merchant friends in the cou
*now that out plant is brand new and up to
all respects and all printing entrusted to us
turned out promptly and in the very latest st
THE CAUCASIAN. -
BOWERS' DRUGSTO
Sue. 1 4Aug. J. Bogel.
Books, + Stationery, * Toilet +A
and Fancy Goods.
%1anufacturer of Flavoring Extracts, Pure Soda and
eral Waters. Agents for Smith-Premiar Typewriters.
Fresh Garden Seed.
Prescriptions *arefully compounded with the best and
drugs. All favors appreciated and orders given
attention.
FRED W. BOWERS. Proprietor.
C. C. Hardman & Co.,
Wholesale and Retail Dealer in
LUMBER, . SHINGLES, S
Doors, Blinds and General House
Finishing Goods.
Office and Salesrooms Corner Spring and Crockett.
Lumber Yard Corner Lake and McN
SHREVEPORT. LA.
They are here at last-=
OUR GASOL NE STOVES.
Remember we have now a complete line of the best Gasoline Stoves
The
"INSURANCE NATIONAL."
Years of experience have proven the above assertion, "The Best i
They are now on exhibition. Call, ex amine and price, and yiu will
F. MARTEL & SON,
Phone 555. 211 To
Gardeners .and Truck Far
TAKE NOTICE!
We hive received our new crop T. & W. Brand Challenge Field
den Seeds from Northern and Eastern seed farms. This seed
strong germinating powers, produces vigorous plants which insures
dant harvest and means more money in your pockets if you buy t
Write for catalogue and ask for special prices on Seed Corn,
Barley, Wheat, Amber and Orange Cane Seed, Alfalfa, Clocer, M
Seed Potatoes, or send us your order. We guarantee satisfaction.
108 Texas St. TUSTEN & WE
WHEN IN NEED OF ANY
Fancy or Staple Groce
FISH, OYSTERS, FRUIT,
or anything in our line, phone or send us your orders. We will
prompt delivery and the very best quality at the lowest prices.
take a look at our new line of Fancy goods just received. ,
The I. X. L. Grocery Co
512 and 514 Texas St. Phones 87 and 164.
Orton Hotel A Restaur
OPEN DAY AND NIGHT.
Regular Meals Served, 2
Best in the City, . -
SHORT ORDERS A SPECIALTY.1\
SPECIAL ATTENTION 1TO OPERA TROUPES.
ELEGANT ROOMIS-B ATH CONNECTION.
701-3-5-7 Texas Street, Corner of Louisi
The Florshim Bros. Dry Ooods o09
EXCLUSIVELt WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
Dry Goods, Notions, Boots, S
an4 Hats.
51o, 512 and 514 Levee Street New York Office 77 Franklb