tUB OF POPULATION
WHERE THE EXACT CENTER IS L!
CATED.
The Spot Is In Farmer Marr's Barn
yard, About Five .files Southwest
of Colhmbus, Ind.-IIow the Spot Is
Marked.
[Special Correspondence.]
Columbus. Ind.. March 10.-Net so fLr
from this town is a spot which has a
unique claim to fame, for it is the exact
center of population of the whole Unit
ed States. In technical language. as
found in a bulletin issued by the census
bureau. the exact center is located at
latitude U) degrees, 9 minutes and 3;
seconds north, longitude 85 degrees. 48
minutes and 34 seconds west. This in
popular parlance, as given by a Co
II I
B.BNBY MABE STANDING AT EXACT CENTER
OF POPULATION.
lumbus man, means that the exact cen
ter Is "five miles southwest of Colum
bus, In Henry Marr's barnyard."
Henry Marr, farmer, thus enjoys the
distinction of being the center man of
the United States. He bears his honors
modestly, but takes pride in pointing
out to visitors the spot which has
drawn so much attention to him. He is
a son of James Marr, a retired farmer,
ý who is now seventy-eight years of age.
Henry Marr himself Is a man past for
ty and for the last seventeen years has
resided on the farm he now occupies.
Time has dealt kindly with ,him, and he
has aided time by being thrifty, so the
Marr farmhouse, which was built a
few years ag :at a cost of $8,000, is a
nodel of completenes,, fitted with
many modern improvements, and the
MaOr farm, covering 8tty acres, enjoys
the -ame of berog ona .f the best
iefes of grenu. in the couatry.
4ne .sthet )s of reispt years
benar ~wtaruled bip to th emtte man,
b9 sai in a recent , 1srvisw s the
net that- baa o talk `b telpehe ad
.OI m .his houe to. mai at the
uFill e them Of the surromuding
;tmstbms meeetsdaily leweath
r sents and market rets beth
,et which are of great aed to him, the
t alvg1 him timelr advicefao his
agittatenaJ work and the other lettig
hi ksiw when toleleflohod his stock
en n Mm. He was alsoa beneclary
at cha fre 1me -rural defavry VQeW
"t itad ii th ;e .cos try ; 0e t awfter
free the ltti. town of ifops peaaim
Mabehmsstesa isle
*1sttatlt f us, e.0th exact con
t-ao aplto ais &a ou of the way
Wh, aid the Mrr as ram visit Ino
e tobe. able to *a that t heyive
Leavin Oolmbu visitors drve
Aaoutbee the ul- utate lead, a noted
tbruh in th aya+ of thle civil
{wam *h .rv~povera eýlpik
s Vigui:t ~m eat the dht ag
' :silu "wat o.ho iulsana,
wat a ha as h co erre.
ef ezu the ttf e drive °Is co
a.te ne of wet- Whici 't
"> = tie'< .Wtet to turn to .the left
a "t a tane. A meuter' o f mil.
=t~tomt)e rr en~lsroaebed
Iniethe btlwyvard there -tlino
"' '# pee is I htd by a
t `a~~marked -11(10, at onO,
c r a iuapreteoulr mark-:
0tes bo ;an ldaaolle au
'hepsvtone aosn the pround, eight'
btom itrn te huge red barn,
~b~Vlthe first tiu one renlisen
ths w` 't elp for the trobe
*~m~isjthe r~ nd~mtodsetba
bi -ah evsone_ to step `squtare
lyupn toe is and hpretat the
'4is ledtlur< . i miglubig that to
Uheae wth of hixo are O8. )Gtf eraeona
~aka'te n;se to` tom, veartbat
**a et ai that tot theme titig
t "o c ente Dersan a
ut su d to s r lv e mt th e iloaf
?:.Ogetut totaiy to` tom'
it0f 'its.~kWk5a tpr
- %* ee-tlAftbeuel~a
,en~ we ae'ntck
MItAWtse lOa
-} A~-~aa'ad
THE NEW SHIRT WAISTS.
Pretty and r ainty Materials and
How They Are Made Up.
[Special Correspondence]
New York, Mlarch 9.-Among the vo:
daintiest and prettiest of the . -
waists, which are to be quite as fast
ionabla t1h eaomring season as e
have ever heen, the white unes will 1
the first clto l o ny
pretty hinds of stuff ire oht d fr t
pur)o'e that ore lhia but to choo)e.
T'ie f t' and tr p' 'e ait linos i intit
and tine r'mi ari- .I-t is poeuiarity
for the coiling soin'r. but t-evy are
folio; 'd closely by the lners and the
white mercerized ,,od . Of these there
is oend.
linen r' 1l-c- st; Ai. waists,
and t .e have the m rit of being so
solid that the more they are lhn.Ldsred
the preitier they are. Tucks. Baps with
embroidery on them and insets of
heavy lace are all seen upon the neo
waists The heavier goods, such as the
cheviot and basket weaves in cotta',
the thick Irlsh linens and the Lea:;
linen crashes, are hand emniroidered.
sometimes in colors. The thimi.er qual
ities have fine lace inset and applied in
many other fancies.
A very dainty conceit is shown in the
illustration where the inset lace is laid
along the edge of the tucked portion
and around the collar. The pattern is
made up of alternate pieces, one being
round and the next square. They are
cut apart, and the squares are set down
the front as diamonds, with a little
narrow. lace to match around them.
The round ones are treated the same
way, forming a dainty and effective
trimming.
The sleeves are tucked down a trifle
below the elbow had then left to form
a full sleeve to gather into the band.
Others are made with the lace inset
along the front and with tucks spread
out wider on the shoulders. The pres
ent fashion is for the shoulders to be
broad, and tile shape of everything is
made so. The wider the sleeves are at
the wrists the better. There is not so
pronounced a dip as there was, and,
take them all in all, the shirt waists
are worthy a recognized place in fash
One very pretty style has a cape col
lar, wide or narrow, as the wearer may
fancy, generally made so that it can
be left off at will. It somehow gives
the impression of a tea jacket or a
dressing sack, but is desirable, alJ the
same. The fronts of the waists can be
made as elaborate as one desires, but
lace and tacking and embroidery are
part and parcel of the whole. Sailor
collars made of fine batiste and insets
and bordered with lace are much liked.,
They can be worn with anything, even
fine silk waists.
After the wash ' zas, batistes and
heavier white goodf ;ome the wash
sike, and they -are many and beauti
_.
Atar xaw samTB wasts
tadl It Is a question as to which is
pretfable. The white goods for these
-extra -fsionable wateta are, first, the
JTapanese ,washable silk, the corded silk
and the rich aramre silks. These last
are not wrashable, but the waist made
of it is so very lovely: that one cannot
refrapt from mentioning it. The linens
-are 'bates; s, etamine, voiles, checks,
bakt eae, bourettes, suitings and
nsbradred flax' clots,. This last' is
,leaver- like the old fashionedhoe
Aposome caiwrash brought over here by
thre immi rai i in olden, ,imes. But it
e' coarse etologh to be extremely, styl
8: ah& is. unbleached. It makes "up
Into srell khan~dsompi suits for sumamer
werand *6o unique waists. Bulga
flnembriey is clearly indicated as
hito la ing for this materil.L
" Madan crashes of every kind, are
Iosho wn - as shirt waist material,
atu many are masde of it. The Ruissian
is tfor thermost-parmade in self
off but, oiae o it has. a twill of two
natteral shafes- Garnet and soft green,
adh as fathe natural color of the flax
stalkls, pidn own
1-'ear fur dheally spring there are
asiaha ep n useful stn tis, most
# elatr thair weave, with
egeyover the surface of
_ atral the material- is
nohe vy it has-fien all winter,
4 goods~ to sketa are heavier
buith lave :-enr been. The
wastearesota stwa, and, in that
Abghskit my b much .heavier
Giotert to the: wrer. The
*º .
tel ta. 1 repqe seed toi is
an h iharusare silks These least
THEBEAR AND THE TURK
Threatened Clash Over Otto
man Misrule In Macedonia
THE SULTAN'S PF.MISED REFORMO
Not Reg2rded as a Finality in th
Settlement of the Troubles In th,
Levant-The Turk Wlit o; Frieu-;
In Europe-Attitude of Poiwcrs.
[Special Corre p 2> 0cc ]
Vienna. March 2.- No well informed
person in this center of Europcan
dipioulacy and politics believes t.ot
the promise of the suntan to ia.titi.e
the administrative reforms in Ma
donia dictated by Russia and Austria
and indo. sed by other interested pow
ers will bring peace and tranquillity to
the storm beset Balkans, even though
Abdul Hamid has already made a
show of carrying out the reformatory
demands in seeming good faith, as indi
cated by his having ordained the appli
cation of the proposed re forms in all
the six vilayets of Iaouroolia, tius
adroitly imparting a color of spou
taneity to tile whole measure and seek
A TYPICAL MACEDONIAN INSURGENT.
lng to convey the impression that he
desires to treat with lenient considera
tion all the Christian provinces of the
Ottoman empire. But, as every student
of the Turkish situation knows, it is
not safe to trust the sultan's promises.
"Abdul the Damned," as Gladstone
called him, is also Abdul the crafty
and deceitful and the same Abdul who
has time and again broken hiis pledges.
The reforms which the sultan has
promised are substantially these:
First.-The establishmnent of Ainanelal
control over the collection of taxes in the
European vilayets and over the payment
of officials and troops.
Second.-The reorganisation of the. gen
darmerle hi said vilayets by the selertion
of oflicers from the subjects of the neutral
European states--Belgium, Holland and
Switzerland.
Third.--The signers of this note are. de
stro s that the sultan shall find it con
venient to administer the affairs of the
disaffected vilayets through some high
)esnage who has a personal knowledge
of the requirements necessary in order to
govern without friction a, body of sub
jects differing in religion, mode of life and
"zlluvu.
If the sultan carries out this "Irre- p
ducible minimum" of reform, the war a
cloud that now hangs threateningly f
over the lAvant is likely to be tem- b
porarily dispelled, but it will be only
a temporary dissolution. At best It but
deters the inevitably coming storm
which must sooner or later break over
the Balkans like the sweep of a
mighty cyclone. changing the face of
southeastern Europe.
Russia, which holds the key of the
situation through its all powerful In
fluence in Sofia, may cheek the grow
ing hostility toward Turkey among
the Bulgarians of Ferdinand's realm
and the equally growing sympathy for
their oppressed kindred and coreligion
ists in Macedonia. Even this can
not prevent continued Irritation and
attendant disorder. But nobody is
quite sure that Russia wants to stop
the anti-Turkish agitation in Bulgaria,
even though she may not be ready just
now for another war with the Turk,
and it 1p wholly Ipprobable that any
very drastic measures will be adopted
in Sofia to lessen the activity of the
Macedonian revolutionary committee,
which has its headquarters at the Bul
garila capital and receives at least
the tacit support of the Bulgarian
court, while the Bulgarian people are
avowedly in sympathy with it.
The recent avowal from St. Peters
burg that while Russia is prepared to
safeguard the interests of the Chris
tians she "will not sacrifice a single
drop of lussian blood nor the smallest
portion of the heritage of the Russian
people if the Slav states shouli at
tempt by revolution or force to change
the existing state of affairs in the t
Balkan peninsula" may mean much or t
It may mean nothing, just as the czar
and his advisers gesire. It may be ,
taken to indicate that the Muscovite 0
bear Is not yet ready for another tustle r
with the Turk and wishes to hold in
leash-the Balkan Slavs, who are eager (
for the fray, until he is better prepared
to put his paw on the map of south- 4
eastern Europe, though it may not be t
construed as meaning that the czar has e
relinquished thq long standing ambi
tion of the Romanoffs to& worship at
the shrine of St. Sophia in Constanti- a
nople and push their fleets through the a
Dardanelles from the Black sea to the g
Mediterranean.
The situation in the Christian proe
laces of Turkey is almost analogous to
that existing immediately prior to the I
inmean war, which arose through the I
d'ant of Russia for a protectorate
pver the week subjects of the sultan. I
Dl we suf
pose, there were not wanting evidences
that she sought to open a way to Con
stantinople and the Dardanelles.
Through an alliance with Turkey of
Great Britain. France and Sardinia
Russia lost even more than she g ined
in territory aind prestIge and was coin
pelled to abandon the claim to a pro
tectorate over the Greek P hristians in
Turkey, to whom. hove;.:a to :,!1
other Christians in her r ] we\l,
the sultan promised to n!.. i uin fa
vorable terms. Hon wtVi iio :opt
that promise is analy r<; ,1 t
long and bloody chapter 'f _:".
cutrata's upon Chlisia, m1 -t
ering all the years from ta. : a f
the treaty of Paris in 1:it7 to to p s,
eat time.
There won c, however. he no su-b
alignment of the Eurooain poetrs in
the event of a Russo-Turkish war now
as there was in tho ' ri..'a wga in
18i3-5, nor in the Riusso-Tnrkish war in
1877-73, and it is doubtful if any one of
them would lift a linger to help the
Turk in such a present mxercency.
Certainly Great Britain. even at the
risk of permitting Russian territorial
aggrand, ion)t in the Levant and the
orient-one of the things least desired
by Britons-is in no imood to repeat the
costly experiences of the Crime a:1 war,
nor would she main, to 'isave the face"
of the unspeakable Turk, intltipose as
she did in 1S78. when by threatening to
bring her powerful \editerranean leet
up to Const) tinople she slopped the
Russian advance at San Stefano and
prevented the Turkish capital from
falling into Muscovite hands and thus
induced Austr ia Itail4. erman tand
France to unite in the Berlin confer
ence to preserve i:n a i.tn:au:-e the in
tegrity of the Ottoman empire and to
deprive Russia of the fruits of her
hard earned victories.
In view of the close relations of
France and Russia the czar may with
out question depend upon the French
men to support him in whatever he
may undertake to do in the Balkans.
The position of Austria is, of course,
well understood. Having united with
Russia in the original demands upon
Turkey for administrative reforms in
Macedonia, she could not if she would
change front or take any other course
than that of loyal support of the czar
in any emergency. Besides, Austria is
anxious to secure the full proprietor
ship of the two Turkish provinces of
Herzegovina and Bosnia, which, though
governed and administered by her
since 1878, still nominally belong to
the sultan.
Neither could Germany help the sul
tan, even though the kaiser is said to
have a sneaking fondness for Abdul
Hamid. German public sentiment
would not allow him to waste a single
German soldier or even a dollar from
the imperial German treasury in be
half of the Turk.
Italy, remembering the cost of Sar
dinian blood and treasure in the Cr1
mea, would be in line with the other
powers against the sultan. In short,
the sultan would have no friend in Eu
rope and would be left to his fate.
But this does not signify that the
task of driving the "sick man" from
Europe would be an easy one. He is
not so sick but that he can put up a
vigorous fight. The Turkish army is
one of the finest fighting forces in the
world.
Of course with the principal Euro
pean powers in an alliance with Rus
sia the Turk would be defeated and
forced out of Europe, but it would not
be without a long and sanguinary
struggle.
In such an event the future status
of Macedonia would be only incidental
A TURKISH ARMY OFFICER.
to the greater question of the parti
tion of southeastern Europe, which
would follow the overthrow of Otto
man rule. More than likely some sort
of an understanding has already been
reached by -the great powers with re
gard to this dividing up of the sultan's
dominions.
It is hardly probable that the Mace
donians would at present be given
that independence for which they so
eagerly yearn. In the minds of Euro
pean statesmen the population of
Macedonia, made up as it is of many
races and diverse religions-Bulga
rlans, Greeks and Turks-is not pre
pared for self government. Thermost
feasible scheme seems to be the gov
erning of Macedonia by a representa
tive of the great powers under a plan
like that which has worked with ap
parent satisfaction in Crete, where by
reason of conditions similar to those
in Macedonia the sultan was forced by
the powers to grant a joint protectorate
over the island, with a Greek prince as
Orton Hotel ND Restaur
OPEN DAY AND NIGHT.
Regular Meals Served.
Best in the City, - -
SIIDRT O RIERS :ý SPI:CIL"i V.
1 PCIAL -ATTENTION ' I-OPER\ .
FLEGANT IGo(s-D i Co0\Ft i\.
701-3-5-7 Texas Street, Corner of Louisia
Th rC r~i Drs0r od Co,
EXCLUSIVELY WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
Dry Goods, Notions, Boots, S
and Hats,
5i0. 5i2 and 14iee e c I Yrk: Otfice 77 1'ranklin
S. B. HICKS, Pr: YALE JICKS, Vice Pr
W. FI C ASE, Secretary-Treasurer.
TDIRECTORPS.
YALE HICKS, S. '. KICKS, F. H. OS, \\, V F. C.
T. H. SCOVELL. G. H. STEVENSON.
THE HIC s GOMPA
[LIMITED.]
WHOLESALE GROCERS
and COTTON FACTO
Office and Warehouse Corner Spring and Travis Streets, and
Texas and Commerce Streets.
We want our merchant friends in the coun
know that our plant is brand new and up to
all respects, and all printing entrusted to us
turned out promptly and in the very latest style.
THE CAUCASIAN.
BOWERS' DRUGSTOR
Sue. to Aug. J. Bogel.
Books, + Stationery, + Toilet + Art
and Fancy Goods.
Manufacturer of Flavoring Extracts, Pure Soda and
eral Waters. Agents for Smith-Premiar Typewriters,
Fresh Garden Seed.
Prescriptions carefully compounded with the best and
drugs. All favors appreciated and orders given pro
attention.
FRED W. BOWERS. Proprietor.
C. C. Hardman & Co.,
Wholesale and Retail Dealer in
LUMBER, SHINGLES, SAS
Doors, Blinds and General House
Finishing Goods.
Office and Salesrooms Corner Spring and Crockett.
Lumber Yard Corner Lake and McNeil
SHREVEPORT, LA.
They are here at last-=
OUR GASOLINE STOVES.
Remember we have now a complete line of the best Gasoline Stoves on
The
"INSURANCE NATIONAL."
Years of experience Ia ve proven the above assertion, "The Best on
They are now on exhibition. Call, examine and price, and yiu will buy:
F. MARTEL & SON,
Phone 555. 211 TexaR
Gardeners and Truck Farme
TAKE NOTICE!
We have received our new crop T. & W. Brand Challenge Field and
den Seeds from Northern and Eastern seed farm. This seed p
strong germinating powers, produces vigorous plants which insures an
dant harvest and means more money in your pockets if you buy this
Write for catalogue and ask for special prices on Seed Corn, Oats,
Barley, Wheat, Amber and Orange Cane Seed, Alfalfa, Clocer, Millet
Seed Potatoes, or send us your order. We guarantee satisfaction.
108 Texas St. TUSTEN & WEIL
WHEN IN NEED OF ANY
Fancy or Staple Groceri
FISH, OYSTERS, FRUIT.
or anything in our line, phone or send us your orders. We will give
prompt delivery and the very best quality at the lowest prices. Call
take a look at our new line of Fancy goods just received.
The I. X. L. Grocery Co.
512 and 514 Texas St, Phones 87 and 164.