bIrfLw OF COLORADO.
A Theme For the selentists Wh.
Meet In Denver.
[3i,, en ( orr,-tondlence ]
I)NVEP, Aug. i..-- he members of
the Ani'ri n A .sssoci tion 1For the Ad
vanseent-t of F- -s. who meet shere
this month, will lIii -e an xsellert oup
purltunity for t1 i study of ornithology,
and that was pwriaps one of the rea
son, for selectine t olorado for the corn
lIg so nvretion. (slusrado. which has a
gr-:rter is rl a r of - sc-i-s of birds than
almIost artn sther 'tato in the 1,ion. is
to a N, r-y Iart-e extent a virgin field
for srrt ihlosiscal ressarch. and tlhb
studsi and c sllection of its varied ans
abundant avifauna will be an interest
log occupation for the visiting scien
tists.
The reason for the great variety of
birds in this state is siue to its varie-I
physical conditions and peculiar geo
graphical position. Clustering about
the dome of the North Anwrican conti
nent, the Rocky mountains of Colora
do. are a number of widely differing
zoological provinces, with widely dif
fering species of bird life. The varied
conditions of arid plain and forested
mountains,. numerous ponds and lakes.
creviced rocks and snowelad peaks, af
ford congenial homes to a variety of
birds of radically different habitats.
What was formerly known as the
Great American desert limits and in
many instances entirely bars the west
ward dispersal of various species of
avifauna found in the east. while the
necessity for adapting themselves to
new conditions has produced such a
change in some well known eastern
birds, such as the robin and the mead
ow lark, as to cause the Colorado birds
to be regarded as new varieties or even
new species.
mew species.
The first bird that has always at
tracted the attention of eastern visitors
from the time of Lieutenant Pike until
the present time is the black and white
Rocky mountain magpie. This bird,
noted for Its garrulous habits. has al
ways formed a conspicuous object in
the landscapes of the adjoining foot
bills. Its enormous nest of interwoven
twigs suspended in a cottonwood or
box elder tree is always an object of
- interest to strangers.
0One of the most beautiful of the
Rocky mountain birds is the deep blue
plumaged jay that is so abundant In
the mountain forests and that occa
sionally ranges out on the plains as far
as Denver. It is notorious for Its habit
of destroying the eggs of other birds
and has got a bad reputation for de
stroying the buds on fruit and orna
mental shrubs. In sharp contrast with
`this robber bird is the whisky jack or
camp bird, a most familiar resident of
the mining camps, whose friendly man
ners render him a great friend of the
miner.
A very conspicuous bird in the south
western portion of the state is the
American raven. His sepulchral ap
pearance and harsh voice are not cal
culated to render him a popular favor
ite. The American crow is only com
mon in northwestern Colorado. The
distant relatives of the crows grouped
together under the head of blackbirds.
the redwings, the yellow headed black
bird and the cowbird are exceedingly
common in the swamps.
The western meadow lark is the most
noticeable song bird of Colorado. Al
though so closely resembling the mead
L 3esek mautsta ja. L 2oloride ptariadu.
0 Wea.te meinws lark.
*w lark of the eastern states as to be
regarded as an identical species, it pos
sesses a radically different song. An
ether of Colorado's popular songsters
Is the brilliant plumaged oriole, whose
cheerful music is heard in the cotton
wood trees. The finches are In Colora
do In great numbers. The most conspic
nous Is the dear little house fich, the
most common bird of Denver, whose
song to frequently heard in the busiest
wous w& eaarunu~y ueamso wuse nousest
streets.
The mountain ptarmigan is one of
the most interesting of the Colorado
birds. In the summer its plumage is
like the brown and lichen coated rocks
among which it feeds. With the ap
proach of winter white feathers begin
to appear until with the coming of the
snow it is only distinguishable by mo
tion from the vast snowfield of the
range. The little water ousel. some
times known as the humnling bird of
the Sierras, is a most interesting occu
pant of the mountain canyons. It feeds
on water insects and lives a half sub
merged life, often running for min
utes underneath the foaming waters of
the mountain cataracts.
Among the numerous water fowls
are several birds that are usually found
only along the seashore, such as the
galls, the double crested cormorants
and some terns. The herons have sev
eral rookeries along the streams of
-;Colorado. One of the rarest among the
game birds of the state is the Amen
tan woodcock. Wild turkeys are also
occasionally seen here.
These are a few of Coloradq's many
-birds whose habits and environments
my be studied with pleasure and prof
Sft by the "scientific gents" who are
mas to most here. The facetious chrou
%llsr would add to the list "the Rocky
aevsuas i easary," the local designs
ia i t the pattsat and humble burro. a
ulama e the limits of Colorado
Si' HE FAMINE IŽ CHINA
e DIRE DISTRESS PREVAILING IN ThI
NORTH CENTRAL PROVINCES
Situntlon Graphihonlly Portrayed by
E a ( hinexe Officinl Who lmlited the
Afilicted District-An Appeal to the
World's Charity.
[Special (orrespordence.]
NEw YorK. Aug. 5.-ltarely if indeed
ever has there cmne to this country
from any famine or plague stricken
s land, howQe\er remute. an appeal for
aid w lhlch has not found read}- answer
in the generous opening of the purse
] strings of the Ameriian pjiople, nor
will China. now in dire distress. call in
vain for succor. Although there has
been no official appeal. there Is al
b ren I a movement on loot here for the
relief of the famine stricken districts
of the Celestial empire. where hundreds
are dying daily for want of food.
Persons who desire to aid in this
movement are asked to send their con
tributions to the China famine relief
fund. Bible House, New York.
] The area affected by the famine is
the north central provinces of China,
the most serious conditions prevailing
in Shansl and Shensi. These prov inees
are densely populated. An almost total
failure of crops has depleted the sup
ply and increased the price of food so
---- KANSUN
a ýý t
- "
w ti
7t Q
Am:
s.
s ý 4.,
U, 5' i
MAP OF PADINZ 5TRICKEN PEOVDINCE OF
CHINA.
that many hundreds have alr'ady per
ished of starvation, and the lives of i
many thousands are threatened unless I
relief shall speedily reach them. The
sale of girls and young women is al- I
ways a horrible feature of famines in I
China, and a most deplorable aspect of
the present distress Is the stories told
of the barter of daughters by their ,
parents who seek to procure food to j
keep themselves alive.
The press cables from China have
given some idea of the extent and se- I
verity of the famine, but a copy of the
diary of one of the Chinese relief com
missioners who recently made a tour 4
through the province of Shansi, which
has just been received by Chow Tsz- I
Chi, the Chinese consul in New York, I
gives a more pitiful and touching pic
ture of the distress and despair prevail- 4
ing in the provinces over which hangs I
the appalling hunger cloud. The diary 1
covers a period of 20 days, during 1
which time the commissioner helped to a
bury 200 dead bodies, all of them vie- 1
tims of starvation. It tells in simple i
but graphic terms of what he saw.
From Consul Chow Tas-Chi's transla
tion of the commissioner's diary I take
some extracts, which need neither com
- ment nor embellishment to constitute a
moving appeal for sympathy and aid:
Started For Pung-chiang o'clock in the mors
iag. Saw many dead bodies un the road. The
local authority was supervising their burial. In a
deserted cafe met a boy of about 14 dying from
hunger. We rescued him and fed him with bread
and water. He told us that both his parents and
sisters died two days ago.
A dreadful scene in the woods today. A num
ber of hungry birds fighting for a dead body.
Many women and children were crying for mercy
and drawing their last breath. We gave away all
the provisions we carried with us.
Turned out of our way to a big city and tried
to buy some more provisions, but could not get
any. Had to stop there and wait for our provision
wagon. Saw 66 dead bodies and hired some coolies
to bury them.
Arrived Pei-mun. Distributed food to the starv
ing and medicines to the sick. We had not drunk
a drop of water, but did not feel thirsty. Could
not eat a bite of bread, yet not feel hungry. Bur
led 08 dead bodies.
Arrived at Puchi bridge. Distributed food and
medicine. A man here was selling his boy for $2.
Asked him why. and he answered, with teers, that
his wife was starving at home and there was no
room in the hospital for her. He tried to seH
their boy and isae his wife. The boy was crying.
We gave the man $4. Buried seven bodies.
Arrived at Pie-yin temple. Distributed food.
Met a southern man with four girls, a Fuag-yang
man with six girls and a Haso-hing man with
four girls, all of whom were bought in the village
t at a very cheap price.
Arrived West Pie-yin temple. Distributed food.
About 6 a. m. met a band of men (buyers of girls)
fighting ten soldiers. One of the latter was killed
and two wounded. The ruffians escaped with their
goods in wagoes and on horseback. though they
lost ten of their comrades. Buried six dead bodies.
And thus the distressing tale contin
- es, presenting in detail the record of
conditions which must appeal strongly
to the charities of the civilized world.
The Chinese government Is doing
something, perhaps all it can. to miti
gate the distress of the famine, but
with the heavy burden the ancient em
- pire is carrying as the result of the an
tiforeign uprising and the consequent
f toreign laasioa It Is evident that help
a must come from the outside it the rav
ng1S f OChas's latest a/lctiom are to
bd aEWi Basr A y.Lar.
Uig aria. ,,-nr iO MANILA.
Accompilshed Amerlean Women
Teachers For the !'l!ipinom.
TBevomn doubt the hest gift the Unit
id St:ti t govimi ntint hal sent to the
Philippines is the ar}-y of American
sihooiiiistress-s. 110 v Neill he a reve
lation of wviiankhi'I to the small
brown piopipl. Wiih their dignity,
1 brightne s. independiniii ardl strong,
resourceful character ye'. and their
goiil looks, too they constitute a regi
mont of women whosi el ;al, take them
all in all, (-atiliot he found ainong the
miue cumber of their sex in any other
nation- I
Two batches of them left San Fran
cisco for Manila in July- one by the
transport Buford. the other by the
Thomas. Many of these ladles are col
lege graduates, besides tieing trained,
exieriented teachers.
What these Atmericat teachers know I
and can do may le judged from the
credentials sent to the government I
when they applied for appointment. I
The superintendent of sewing. for in- e
stance, Is Miss Emma It Itoss, from n
Haverhill. Mass. It would naturally
be supposed that a woman sent as In- i
structor In sewing among ex-pupils of
the Spanish nuns, who do the fineat e
needlework of any living women. would
be capable, as Miss Itos: abundantly Is.
/ / I,
l /
TEACHING LITTLE TAGALOS.
But look you what else she is besides
one who knows how to cut and fit gar
ments.
At 17 she was graduated from a col
legiate institute in Massachusetts. Then
she had a year each at Vassar and
Wellesley. After that came a course in
stenography aixi typewriting, then the
universal American girl student's train
ing in physical culture and elocution.
r Next, to give herself the all round edu
cation which seemed to her desirable
- for a woman, she attended a sewing
f school and accomplished herself in all
branches of that industry.
e When Miss Ross thought she was
- ready for work, she began teaching in
the public schools. She taught five
r years and was specially commended
I for original and practical work meth
r ods. From that she served her time as
member of the board of education in a
Massachusetts town and made things
a "hum," so that all cried out to have
- her back again when her first term ex
e pired. At length this typical American
- woman established a business of her
r own, a school of typewriting and ste
t nography. She was likewise a teacher
in the night school for men in Haver
bill, where at one time she counted pu
pils of 12 different nationalities in her
class. Meantime with all the rest she
s learned Latin and French. Then she
r began the study of Spanish in a hurry,
5 to go to the Philippines. It is safe to
D say she will not waste her time on ship
board, but will spend it in the further
e attainment of Spanish.
SUsAN PEPPER.
e HINTS TO THE HOUSEWIFE.
I Thiags Which Are Useful to Re
member.
Raw potato juice is an excellent
1 cleanser. It will remove stains from
the hands and also from woolen mate
rials.
Blacklead should be mixed either
with turpentine or with soapy water,
for thus a good polish is soon produced.
F The smell of onions may easily be re
I moved from the hands by rubbing over
with celery and then washing them
t with cold water.
Alabaster may be cleaned by apply
lug a paste of starch mixed with water.
- Leave the paste on till dry, then re
move gith a stiff brush. when all dirt
will comne away with it.
A bowl of quicklime kept in a damp
i cupboard will dry the air, but it must
be renewed occasionally, as it loses
t power.
To make red wash for bricks put
an ounce of glue into three quarts of
water and then gently heat It until
the glue is dissolved, then add an
n ounce of alum. Mix together half a
e pound of venetian red and half an
ounce of. Spanish brown. Gradually
our the liquid on to the powder, stir
d ring it well to make it smooth. Be
sure that the bricks or hearthstones
are quite clean, and then put on the
color with a large flat brush. The col
or may be varied to suit individual
taste by adding or diminishing the
quantity of red or brown.
Unbleached calico shrinks, therefore
in making it up one extra inch in each
t yard should be allowed for shrinkage.
To clean black cloth mix one part of
spirits of ammonia with three parts
t of hot water. Apply with a sponge and
rinse off with clean water.
.Cold tea is excellent for clesasetg
a apaint, but for white paint milk is sill
btter. .
THE bUG:C ur NATURE.
It I. the Grentent of All-Study It,
Luie It.
Dear girls and wtoi'mn ii the euountry.
can you name at sight every tr ' about
your home? When you see the leaf or
the wood of one of them, do you know
the variety it caine fromi? Which of
the trees you have seen all your life
puits out its leaves first in spring and
sheds thetn last in intumiu?
Did you ever observe how even so
lIoniely it thin,_ is the potato grows
how it has a rout end and a foliage end.
and that never by any possibility does
the sprout come fromn the end which
is to produce the roots? Do you know
a snake's e ,' frout a quail's egg? Can
yoti 1ame anti classify hotanically ev
ery wild flower and weed that grows
upon hill and plain in your neighlor
hood? Do you know that some of the
cointnoiest, ieanest weeds, so called,
have rare mtedici nul virtues and that
in great laboratories these plants are
distilled and their healing essences
carefully preserved ?
Do you know that the weeds, the In
sects and the grain and fruit blights in
your region today are in sonie cases
quite different front those your ances
tors were acquainted with in pioneer
days, and they are more destructive
than the pests of that time were?
Can you name at sight all the birds
that are common In your neighborhood.
and do you know their habits of nest
ing and bringing up their young? How
many of them are singers? How many
of them go away in winter and return
in summer? Which ones stay the year
through? How many species of these
beautiful feathered creatures has man
wantonly destroyed since the pioneer
days, and how many has the English
sparrow driven out? Did you ever sit
quiet in a nook in the bushes and wait
till the shy birds wore off the terror of
your presence and skipped to and from
their nests, fearlessly feeding their
young and teaching them to fly? One
of the most Interesting stories ever
written Is that of a naturalist who used
to watch for hours the wild birds,
bumming birds among others, till at
last their fear of him was overcome,
and they would alight upon his shoul
der and arm and eat food from his
band. Then be photographed them and
has given to the scientific world the
most reliable bird pictures ever made.
Perhaps you, too, make photographs.
Have you ever done anything of this
sort?
Once more, did you ever go into the
fields or luto the heart of the grand
wood and sit still, doing It week after
week till the wonderful wild little ani
mals came to be familiar with the sight
of you and looked on you as their
friend? Once I knew a little western
girl who had no playmates but young
Indians, and she used to wander in the
woods alone, aM day sometimes. The
squirrels skipped around her fearless
ly, and sometimes she came into camp
with the wild birds upon her shoul
ders or flying around her. The igno
rant thought there was something un
canny about the child. but It was only
that she loved all life and these living
things knew it.
No doubt you have seen the long fur
rows plowed just under the earth by
tihe mole, which, possibly you are
aware. Is a great pest to garden truck.
But that poor purblind mole knows a
scientific fact with which certainly not
it
It
S* 8
do &, t
t
THE SQUIRRELS FRIEND.
more than one person .a ten thousand
is acquainted. A favorite food of the
mole is earthworms. Now. If you cut
an earthworm in two each half of him
will grow again and produce two earth
worms where one was before. But an
other head will only grow in warm
weather, though the thing remains
alive. In the autumn, before the
ground is frozen fast, the mole makes
in the earth a storeroom, a round hole.
Then he catches a great supply of an- t
gleworms, snips their heads off and
stores them in his pantry. They do
not die, so that be has fresh meat all
winter. But their heads do not grow,
and therefore they cannot get away.
You see what a cold storage scientist
the despised mole is.
Did you ever stand beside a beautiful
cornfield after a warm rain in early
summer and hear the popping of the
tender green blades as they burst open
their sheaths *o hue room to grow?
Did you ever watcf a fern unfolding 1
Its majestic fronds.' like the antlers of
a stag, to the light and air? How many
varieties of fern ares here in your part
of 'the country anyllbw?
You have not time for these studi?
You have time for novel reading and
for much nonsense profitable to neither
man nor beast. Throw it aside. All
around you are creations glorlous in
beauty and wisdom, splendid in utility. 1
J~U Sroay.
CHARTER
OF
The Atlanta and Shreveport
Oil anh Gas Company,
Limited.
State of Louisiana, Parish of Caddo-
Be it knownts that tis day before
me, Allen Rendall. a notary public tn
an, for Caddo Parish. Loii lana, duty
comntmtsiotned, qualified and swrn,
camne and appeared the several peres
whose names are hereunto subsecibed,
who declare, that avai:ng themses s
of the provisions of Act No. 36 of i8M,
of the General Assembly of the State
of Louisiana. at, well as those of the
General Laws of said state relative to
the organization of corporations, they
have formed themselves, their associ
ates and successors into a corporation
for the objects and purposes anid tntdcr
the agreements and stipulations here
inafter set forth, which th-tv hereby
adopt as their charter.
ARTICLE I.
The name of this corpordtion sh;li
be " THE ATLANTA AND
HREVEPORT OIL AND GAS
COMPANY, LIMITED" and by that
name it shall have the power and au
thority to enjoy succession for fifty
years, to contract, sue and be sued and
use a corporate seal; to hole, purchase,
ease. sell and hypothecate property
real and personal: and to name man
agers. directors and agents as the in
terest of the corporation ma' require,
and to make stch by-laws, and rules
for the proper management of the af
fairs of the corporation as may be
necessary.
ARTICLE II.
The domicile of this corporation
shall be in the City of Shreveport,
Louisiana, and all citations and other
legal process shall be served on the
president, or in his absence at the office
of the Company according to law.
ARTICLE III.
The object for which this corpora
tion is organized is to develop Oil, Gas
or Minerals on any of its property in
said parish or in the State of Louisiana
and to do all things incidental to or
appertaining to such business
ARTICLE IV.
The capital stock of this corporation
hereby authorized to be One Hun
dred and Twenty Thousand ($t2o.ooo.
oo) Dollars, divided into Tweive Hun
dred shares, at one hundred dollars per
share, the said stock to be paid for in
full when subscribed in money or min
eral lai ds and said corporation is au
lthorized to commence business when
Twelve Thousand Dollars (or 12o
shares) are subscribed for and paid up.
ARTICLE V.
The corporate powers of this cor
poration shall be vested in a board of
directors composed of f ye stock
holders -.vho shall be electe I annually
on the first Monday in May.
The first board of directors is de
clared to be F. M. Greene. WV. H. Wad
kins. R. S. Allday, J. B. Roberts, S. A.
Wadkins, who shall serve until their
successors are chosen. The officers of
this corporation shall be a president,
vice-president, treasurer and secretary,
and the first of said officers are declar
ed to be L. F. Allday. President; R. P.
Dunklin. Vice-President; M. M.
Pruitt, Treasurer and.
Secretary, and they shall serve until
their successors are chosen and said
officers shall be elected annually on
said first Monday in May. A majority
of the stock present shall elect the di
rectors, and in all elections or proceed-!
ings of stockholders each share of
stork present or represented by written
proxy, shall be entitled to one vote.
Nitice of all elections or meetings of
t ockholders shall he advertised ten
days in a daily Shreveport paper; di
rectors to he chosen at office of the
company under supervision of three
rctomissiones appointed by the di
rectors from the stockholders.
ARTICLE VI
Failure to hold an election for di
rectors on day t.'med shall not dissolve
the corporation. but the incumbent di
rectors shall hold over until their suc
cessors are duly qualified and elected.
Any vacancy in the board shall be fill
ed by the remaining directors. The
;o rd of Dirc~tors shall have power to
contract debts, borrow money, appoint
i general m'nager and do all things
rccecsary to carry out the objects and
urpcses of this corporation.
ARTICLE VII.
No sale of stock shall be binding or
valid on this corporation until same
has been transferred on the books of
the corporation. which have the orefer
ence in purchasing all shares offered
for salt. No stockholder sha,! be lia
ble on any obligation of this corpora
tion, in any further sum than the
anoar.t of vrpaid balance on his stock.
On failure of a stockholder to pay
fir stock subscribed. it shall be op
tiowdl -%;'h the Pcard of D rectors c&
ther to declare 'he delinquent shares
forfeited to the corporation or to sue
the subscriber for the price due
thereon.
ARTICLE VITT.
This corporation is authorized to in
crease its capital stock to Two Hun
dred and Iorty Thousand Dollar; b
a two-thirds vote of all the stocd' 14
ers at a meeting held according to lac.
Such original stockholders shall have
the right to particinate in said ircreas
ed issue of stock in proportion to hold
ings of original stockholders, and in
default thereof the other stockhoiler
shall first have a right to porchse said
stock before it is offered to third per
sons.
ARTICLE IX.
This charter may be changed. amen
ded or dissolved in any war (except
to increase or diminish its capital stock.
which shall be done by vote of two
thirds of stock present) with the as
sent of three-fourths of the stock rep
resented at a general meeting of the
stockholders convened for this pur
pose after thirty days previous notice
published in a daily Shreveport paper.
Whenever this corporation is dissolved
by limitation or otherwise its affairs
shall be liquidated b-" three commis
sioners elected at a skooholders meet
ing, who shall have full power to wind
up its affairs, settle its indebtedness
and distribute the proceeds among the
stockholders.
Done and pae at m) otirce hi Cad
do Pari'lr. I ,r.iria tr;Ce prnsence
R.A K C r1.(ll "I T.
II IL. Fd ALI.LT rr:.
by1 2 I d
R . .'. I ii jn I
by 0M.
F. M. t;Er
by 1 . 11
J. i \I . PR\f.
F. \. .\LI
by L. F Al
Hars on xaianed the aror e cr rtry
and tin : B,,ng therein r atn:
la\\. I : of e thle p ars o Ilf . l,
of June oIean Juis h R Ih ornr1td
Ditrict dstrt, First Judripnce D
trict f the:Cons i f
(Ends : ed. J
"Filed .nd rBe fur there 2ih iday t
June. Jan~. 1 11. LEF\"+.
Deinty Clerk a isel fux nds Rntc
State of Lcnstructng, maintaini C g
-I hereby certify pb lcThe adsve fsaid
foregoing is a true ;loc cý'irect cen;):
the original act. a'; ihll,. p. a
pears on file aed of rperrd Innn my of
fice.
Given p inder my hand 19o0 for
fice, this 28th day of J he:reb y s
!. A LEON "RD.
Clerk and Ex-Officio Recutorder
AN ORDINANCE
Section a . Be it ordained by the pro
erte jury of the parish of Caddol thait
said parish se and is hereby formed
into a road district. in complance with
Article 291 of the Constitution of I" _
Sec. 2. Be it further ordlained, etc.,
that in order to raise funds for the
purpose of constructing, maintaining
and repairing the public roads of said
parish, that one mill per annum of the
taxes levied b) said police jury of Cad
do parish for the year 1901, and for
each succeeding year, is hereby set
aside and levied on all taxable prop
erty assessed upon the tax roll of said
uvarish for said year and each succeed
tug year.
Sec. 3. Be it further crdained, etc.,
that for the same purpose there is
hereby imposed a per capita tax of one
dollar per annim upon each able lxd
ied male inhabitant of said parish be
tween the ages of 18 and ;; years; pro
vided, that the provisions of this sec
tion shall not be operative in incorpo
rated towns : nd cities in said parish
that maintain their own streets
Sec. 4. Be it ordained. etc., thAt any
person subject to a per capita tax who
shall fail or retuse to pay the same ont
or before the ist day of January of
each year shall be guilty of a misde
meanor, an,( shall be subject to indict
ment by the grand jury ci said parish,
or prosecution by the district attorney
of said parish, or to prosecution b-- the
district attorney of said parish by bill
of indictment, to be prosecuted before
the district court of said parish, and
upon conviction shall be fined in a sum
of not less than $2.;o nor more than *
$; no and all costs of the prosecution:
and in default of the naynient of said!
fine and all costs he shall be sentenced
to work upon the public roads of said
parish undr provisions of this ordi
nance two days for every dollar of
fines and costs.
Sec. 5. Be it further ordained, etc.,
that there is hereby imposed and levied
an annual license tax upon the owner
of each vehicle, including bicycles,
"ept and used foi locomotion over the
public -oads of said parish in said par
ish, as follows:
Bicycles ......................$ >o
Carriage. surrey or drag ....... 1 so
Bugrv ...... ...... ........... ( 0)
One-horse wagon ......... ..... 2;
Two-hor'e wagon ..... ........ z0
Four-hoe-e wagon ............ 75
Six-horse wagon .............. o
Log wagon ...... ...... ....... 2 oo
Any other vehicle not herein named
$1.oo, provided said annual license tax
shall not be in.,..ed upon any vehicle '
upon which a state. parish or city li
cense tax is now levied under existing
laws.
Sec. 6. Be it further ordained. etc.,
that if the owner of any vehicle or
bicycle in said parish shall fail or re
fuse to pay said annual vehicle or bicy
cle tax on or before the Ist day of Jan
arv of aech year. he shall he deemed
a delinquent. and the sheriff and tax
collector of said parish is hereby an
thorized to proceed before any court of
competent jurisdiction to site for and
collect the same with all costs and to
per cent on amount due as attorney's
fees. as in ordinary suits.
Sec. 7. Be it further ordained. etc.,
that there shall he a committee known
as "The Good Roads (onunmmttee,. and
to consist of three memtbr- of the jury
of said parish. to be 1c " i by said
jury, whose dutyt it 'h;ll be to select a
siiperintetdent of pull i roads for said
parish. if necess rv. and to fix his com
sensation: to recei a ::,d take charge
of the road ford rnd to disburse the
same to pnroh-e necessary mules.
wagons. =cral tents, road mnachines
and other rnid ::t'lements. etc.. to em
D.ov f , -rn n 1 laborers for each
camp l! : ard said committee sailW
have f' ,;. ' r to direct what roads
shall 1,.' rked. when and ,v 'a horn
and nm -r ' Iv reports steal! ti" made in
full by ud committee to sail police
jury.
Sec. 8 Be it further ni etc,
that si] committee shall h:," fhll
chare of the working and mn isonanme
of all convicts sentenced l1 "h, i tri, it
judge of said pari h atd irkv 'e ciV
judge of the city of Shr'vc tr « work
upon the puhhc riods ~f , . p rich.
P. P KJTIT.I Pre fdent.
A. L DURINGE. Clerk.
DO YOU
WANT
A SAFE.
GEO. A. FORSCHLER,
Agent for Worth Baum Safe and
Lock uo.
Hall Safe and Lock Co.
National Safe and Lock (;n
All order' will receive prompt at
tention Address
Shreport, La