SAVED A LIFE
The HOLLYWOOD,
Asbury Park, N. J., Feb. 3, 1900.
pread your advertisement in regard to Wine of Cardul in the Baltimore American, and it so favorably im
ewased me thaut offering my visit to 8lltor during the holidays. I purchased a bottle of it for my adopted daughter,
gIo w o tuhld a troubles. ublesShe had bern under the doctor's treatment for some time, and when her
periods would come on, her uffllrings were something terrible. I induced her to it and the first dose brought
words " It has . htook liregularly according to the directions, and was greay relieved. To use her own
words " .It has saved my l fie tJ. WESLEY CROSS.
Mr. Cross' daughter realized what Wine of Cardui had done for her when she said " It has saved
my life". Menstrual irregularities never continue long without involving falling of the womb. kucor
rlca. or some other dangerous malady which endangers life and happiness.
WINEmoCARDUI
is an m enaogue which lays the foundation for a woman's health by regulating the menstrual flow.
Its beneficial result is felt almost immediately as the sharp. shooting, dragging and bearing-down pains
disappear directly. Then the organs are strengthened and a final cure is the result. Do you not
want such a cure as that? Nine out of every ten are struggling through life with some burden
brought aboit by female troubles. You may be one of them. Throw the burden off l Many women
besides Miss Cross have taken Wine of Cardui for relief and are well and happy to-day just as she is.
Try Wine of Cardul. All druggists sell $1.00 bottles. Do not accept a substitute.
In case, requiring special direetions, aiddre.s, giving svnyi1,t~t , "The Lad.lies'
Advisory l)epartment", The CJhattanouga . ue licinte (to., c'hi.ttaHllua. Tenn.
The
Job
Office
of "the
Caucasian
Can and will turn
out your work to
your satisfaction,
and do so at the
lowest living fig
ure. Call at
Soady Building,
Cor. Market and
Crockett Streets'
The Commoner,
Issued tectlv.
WILLIAM J. BRYAN
Editor and Pubishber,
Lincoln, - - - Nebraska
and
THE CAUCASIAN,
Weekly or Sunday,
One Year - $1 St 0
Six Months - - 1 00
in advance.
A. CURRIE
FIAE, CASUALTY, INI)EMNIrTY, BONL
AND FIDEIII.TY INSURANCeL
Real Estate, Ilental aud Fluancla
Agekt.
Ag PHONE 25.3 t.
OFFICE--124MilSlr street
ules Dreyfuss, David F, Taber
DMEYFSS & TIBER
Fire Insurance Agents.
222 Milam Street.
's.pectfuily solicits a share
of your business'
BIDb INVI ' ED.
Biln are hereby invited to do al! plumb
et repptr rIn and around the courtbouse
ad )jil for the year 1!nil lid to be
Vmend on PFeruary 14, 19tl, the jury re
erViag righL to rejeot anv all bids.
P P KKIlr, President.
ALDI IN('CK, Clerk.
OYSTERS
. SOFIA W 2 520
Waiket
1h Oyters iteoeved:.'JaIy.
Oas DAY AND NIGHT
ed. sl. .l Iaball, per dol 40e: cook
o l. / rammed oyesr no per
S. -r* do.ses 15o , or twy
IA of all khds
CLUB RATES.
TWO PAPERS SMAY BE SE
CURED IN THE COMD I
NA TION.
Beg.itining with tlhV. year 1901 Tihe Caucasian
Ioffers to its eadelrs a atlll people who wou i keep
informned, tw, papelrsf thc ipricts of *sull scrIlpti)n one
year Ihein4i
Caucasian with the Cotmmncllel , ed(lited('( and1
publlished by W . J. J. lryan ........... 1 50.
Caucasian and Atlanta Ct nstitution....... S1 50.
Caucasian and I omce aind( Fharm ............ $1 00.
Caucasian alone............ .............. $1 0(0
- ]v next week will addhl theConmmercial Appeal
and others to the Clulb List. Now is the time to
subscribe,
TO THE PUBLIC:
You are hereby notified that I %ill
keep open
Night and Days
Except Sunday, and will deliver
Paints, Oils,'.Varnish. Wall Paper.
Etc., at any time. I have determ
ined to keep in the lead and don't
you forget it. Ring Phone 88.
...WELLMAN
HEI*MAN LOEB,
i .... I)1ALEI IN ....
Hide, Wool. Tallow. Beeswax Finr:, Etk
Commerce Street, Next to V., S. & P. Ry., Shrevepot, Le.
I guarante3 to hie sellers ti ie niiot price obtaiilod In Vickaburv, Ei
onias, New Orl1ans (GalviaJ on an I l uUt ou mi arket. IPro)mipt roturuz
mada on receipt of Shipim cntl
UPTO DATE IN WORK AND APPLIANCES
Sreveport Plumbing & Electrical Co..
LIMITED
Are supplied withl the h-t implrovt(l .uiipjli'- for
Bath RLooms, Lvattorv. L'itI and all \,,rk connrcted
with plumlin.. Sip cimal attciiti',, ,iv.n to R\,pairing
(-as and Stcam Fitting. Al I I ork guarantudt. ] ricak
reasonable.
(fficc t n Milam, niear Spring Street.
Seecl IPot atoe~s
aiiL Ollix Siets.
We have onhand and to arrive eight varicties of see
potatoes, including the celebrated Early Snow HaBll, Sec
ond crop Triumph and Crown Jewel. If you want fresh
seed send your orders to
Garden Seed, northern grown seed
t at, in
MHE QI'EEN IS DEAD
feet warm hel hald quleer little contrivtanceq
- fur lintel bigs .," "f.oot InIltuf"-made Iby
thei satL.' lirtl . 'lThi's cotern also r egulariy
ri ,Iral, t .I," rot Ins it chintzt iretonnttel,
alwats ,f the st.iit des.i:n ainll cotl.rni..
wlhich by rioyal onilhr might rot be tdupill
eat iil for tiy oi te el e
The. qieein hated ,ltihai. sitoke tt ith ill
her istringtlhl and it witLs forbiddenl to i, ery
ane tq iniullg'u In the Iraigrant weed i it hin
the walls of W\'ilsor. It is not r.ic ,rld
that, this rule \t i s ever l t'laxitl but ioit.
tuld 'Ihat w's tw l I lie o.'('Ision of the vigit #of
King ( huri's of hoiuntania t her mje'.sty
in 1.P. 'Ihtn the smell o- f Ilava. i i wits
obse.rvahle et er whire save in the apart
illtllts of the ql enliii thtrel f nlh the anillt nt
corridors. t) ti ti(te io islioni "it t Ii llet
istrr, who etat dIetoted to his cignar, r.
i i..1 htter fromx the (ieetl ' te DI tI tite sec
retary, I r11" Iir'y ions.i hy', sayling that li,
future the nii tmarih wouil le gelad if thu,
,llicial would refrain from .ituiratinlg hip.
dispatlhes wit h toiuatccno slloke I-fre sendil
inl them. le t illlied the rtoyLl snh to ac
counttl by writillg a note to eiaclh of his cUiol
Ilagues telling thein that it was the rIon.
order that :i future they shorul not sIiruk,
when prepat ing dispatches for the iquireen
Victoria always took uost of her e. rs' ail
bolonginugs with her when she went on a
juirney, and it was therefore ln tll sy task
for her her ousehold to mike the (itri.hge friom
one place to the other The nIttong of thi
court from Windsor to ()suborne lsdlise ritii
by one who hats helped"Il in the mnoii ing ail
"worse lthn three lires and ani earthutilke
all itt Oiii." Everything except the car,
pets nd il tictuaX haild to ibe relltimvesl fr
the rtoal chambers after ther majesty left
them and set t up in gout order in the other
Ihalucie Iefore her arrival t here.
[pon i one nccasion Victoriul waso realy lit
stalr, bad dotul vi her h Ionnet and l seated
herself in her carriage, wheu it was noted
that the mistress of the rihobes, thit, latd
Duchess of Suth,'rlitd, was not il, hir suat
in the carlriaige oplposite her royal tustres
'there was it rtow, but presentlty the' iiisttil
wonutil iappieredt literailly oiln the riui, iiand
in al drenc.hing pershpiration, aind iiilely
frightened. The geiten luliked tlat her tardyl
subordinate, bit instead of scolhling hit
took her own watch fromi her bell iinl pie
seunted it toi thie illduchoses, saiing, "l'out
watch llust beit d a iil timekeeper lit nlie
give you thisocie," whereat the diuclhtss wept
fir joy.
The life of a maid of honor, lady of the
bedtchlamit er orother femaile rtemi bir if the
ihousehold ilt Victoria's court, while Inot at
all tihat of a meniail, was not ilt anyi sets1e ai
sinecuire, but ts er. vice in thie royal house
hold confers gredt social prestige the ptosi
tionls in question hiave alwayis beeni etaigerly
sought. Victorinhs wo t'nt ittisl to takLe at
early breakfast and await ti snlviluts fromne
their mnistress before ventutring into her
preseince. The niorninig wais usitilly tpasse.dl
in reading tae liewspiapers to tier ImtijestV
till near liucheoni time. lThe queeni par
took of this iieal with htier own family, tht
women of the household eating iapart at J
o'clock.
Front 3 to 4 p. iln. the 'womenti acconpai
iled their mistress on her daily drive, after
which they readc, arranged photeographs ,or
cempleted 'aney work nbegun bit not lio
ished by royal fingers. This continet d
until the qlleen's diner hour, clabout 9
o'clock. By this time all concernedl were
likely to be weary, and no one was ever
heard to complain lecau.se the "waits" (or
terrms of service rarely if ever exceeded
five months in anly cene year. The pay of
the ladth., of the householl varied from £3,l1
to £500 per annum. Most of themt were
peeresses, or at least of noble blonsi. An
untitled wor,:m who was a memlnºer of the
iqueen's household' was privileged by reason
of her servi.e to use the prefix honorable
befor e her name. AL.ong the duties of the
Italies in waiting during Victoria's reign
was the repetition in her majesty's ears of
all the court tattle of the day.
Victoria's appetite was good. Ilere is ia
menu of a luncheon served in lRi't2 at the
home of her granddaughter, the Duchess of
Fife, to which the royal grandmother is
said to have done ample justice:
Minced venison, boiled capona, oz tongue,
cold roast chicken and York ham, cold grouse,'
cold roast sirloin of t'cot. h beef, pastry, chedlar
cheese and salad, 1884 champagne, dry biscuits
ansd 30 years old dry port.
Victoria possessed a most remarkabli'
memory. She rarely forgot a face, and td
the day of her death she could recite thd
pedigree of almost evei'y noble family i A
England, of all the German royalties, the
exast arrangement of everythlng in a chesat
of drawers locked up a twelvemonth be- I
fore, and every slight or civility offered td
her consort, Prince Albert, during their 2
years of married life.
The queen was very fond of dogs, and her
kennels at Windsor used to house about 50
of them. They were petted in life by royal
hands, and at death received elaborate
burial. The kennels at Windsor are elab
orate affairs, the yards being paved with C
red and blue tiles and the "bed chambers"
with white bricks, and contain sleeping
benches covered with straw, hot water
pipes, .aths, etc. A tiled portico along tie
front of the kenn1ls, where Victoria uised
often to walk, is known as "the queen's
veranda."
Nearly 60 years ago an American visiting
In London, and who saw the queen shot tl1
before her coronation, described her thus:
"She is a dainty little maiden, only 4 feet t
10 inches in height, with a delica'te figure. 1
flowerlike face, a slender arm and exqui
sitely poised bead. The face was a itt..
pensive, but nevertheless mirthful, the cor
nets of the mouth turning up decidedly
The tendency of the upper lip was to curl.
and like most English people she held her 4
lips slightly open, allowing a mere sugges 4
tion of white teeth to appear. She wore a I
simple gown of soft white india muslin.
bound around the waist with satin ribbon.
Her waist was an English one, long ancd
slender. The dress was embroidered withe
field daisies, and strings of pearls were I
around about her throat. lHer arms were 4
quite bare and without ornaments, and she
wore no rings on her slim fingers." She re
tained her regal bearing to the last, ebut, al
most every other characteristic given in
this discription disappeared many years be
fore her death.
It is said that Victoria used to consider
herself really at homre in but one place, and
that her private garden at Osborne, on the
Isle of Wight. There she had a plot of
ground - her own private property - on
which no stranger was ever allowed to in
trude. A Swiss chalet has Ieen built there
and fitted up as a sort of family museum.
and in the grounds themselves the queen
has exploited her personal taste in the mat,
ter of tree planting. Royal marriages were
commemorated by planting slips front a
myrtle bush.
Not far from this row of trees is the
mourning row, all planted by her majesty
Of late years the younger members of the
queen's army of descendants have done
much of the tree planting, and the place is
full of all sorts of trees in contnemoerationu
of all sorts of events. A fetature of the gar
den is a wt.odeu playhouse built nearly 40
years ago by Victoria's eldest son, Albert
Edward, and his brother, the I)ukeof Fdin
burgh. In this structure bth playthinlp of
the gsmm's ehildren ae stored. There M
also a atasitua faatam ilt k by thee two
modsr h y of thi r father, the prias.
When the queen went onl a retllruul Jour
Iey, all tr1aii was ut lppled on that partioe
tar litne for it qauarter of 1;u ho'tr before the
paLssge" of thet roy.l tr:ain andl for Il min
iteM i w lilt 4 ld in ait ll t I She had ali ii
Ino\able plujloid t. o _ l t, tra' elinl. fN+ite'r
tllhani 2.a mile's lll h lour aat %.ta nela\t'a r ca)ll
tent to travel at night
ll heiar 11au 1tcaa1. a.;l:l \'I It rit d (,v taedJ
IaIt Ih tiute t alt, atulo Ig lug. he r favor
ra
- I
lit .t 0f t AI 1• I V l "ItA'S (l .%VNlSOtSa
it' firm of lpe"la.-iin ( it ollf her eairlira.l
it. e e. f work .at- ii lru t ait of herl Chiet
alian.hlt.l, Vi ltoriai. ln. the a owla agirr I*il
',1rrs I"blt rllil k if I( I.l~l i V a A rloilll ii.
tackinLhl'( ' li.te a \\a, ll Il li.tl IIuill ith Illi
niit~i art' for ethiiia and p rintiill, nll lt
lah re aith aelien ma l the irince can art
: d t, pa a m. ill I ot thl. r Ilite i sloH Illt.Il
'i.ltIh the a.t thiar Ih . ; edle ia I the 1 lintini
\ ni miainaiaiuntaii ilih t roait aiof Qu.een Via
to: a ch:l-eter wa. heri l.-alty to her
r. a tll Though exatiini g ie.l. tii o tha
ioin t 1of i i 'itI Iih ih 1l I r Ie nti lla ll b n
\\ llnlo'tr e , rtll ol. ll oar aother\ ,IItl lha'
'er toee-a '. cnlriiderate oaf thli.oi e \ t. t't'hat'l
irai \i a lt r . l li jella t y of Engll l. I tl iil l \ allme
r4eaty at llected il its to ti la riuldiciule oill t h
;iart of ,alii jourtnialtit, ias . etll au otheli
tal , ill t here waIl ex iii t l i.. cioin oi f ar aun
aii ill .atae otf thle glo .il tahat got alral-oal
t hi+ liled t lIntTn letaure \'iatoria aldeatih
aniiil l. doubt lea. \ it .boalit foitndat ion
T h e In I'wu 1'ro te I l u . bi i P I t lp lulb . .4 l lit
ti'. Tlhe 1lii iil inel. "ay l. ife Itn Ith
i iigh tlal l n iat It .e'nell l. alltll titiaetl athurt
lv after .Julltli i1otn liil tat Iih i ere inigu laitr
ir.l<l cttinli.. The flrat \\a. ilntalnilt M ii a
tent to lir fatliti. .inla t Ile deatlh of IPlriaie
.\llrt, aindt the otheIr tilled the .aile pii
wiee after thle deea..se of li-.ri an Ioth art'
d ill. at111 loit hi diculoo Ias far ais Iilay it
the daily life of atl exaltend lierltinage. wtho
wall, aifter all, Ibut t a wollallll igi ill Halle
oaays i. very weak all falih womaolll, ll uti
uinei who waits of goal iheart. tpoos'ei.l of
manlly nl blequalities andt of uitqUettionatle
purity of life.
BALKE'S
LIVE OAK
WHISKEY
SOFTENED BY ACE.
Awarded Gold Medal at Atlanta Exposition.
Is the best and purest
Rye Whiskey so.d
in the South.
R. F. BALKE & CO., Proprietors,
CINCINNATI, U. S. A.
Orders mailed to our head omce will be
iled from our Oearest aeeredl'sd distributor,
THE ve INE.
Venire for the three weeks term if the
Flrst Diesriot Court ol Loulsiana In sad
for the parish of (.addo, oommenaing on
RModay. January f8, 1901:
FOR WEEK COMMKN(INO MONDAY,
JANUARY 28, 1901.
I Mayfeld, K L 1 (avett. W i
4 Crowder. W.Jr 4 Stern. Max
4 McDonald, T F 4 McKlttrlck, P W
4 Mookhouoe, M C 1 Davis. J K
I Wynn, James 2 Urider, Clay
I Lawton, Frank 4 Kacolch, Frank
A Mitohell, A J 8 A Haway Warren
4 Carney, P W 4 Hullar, J H
SICvase, J H 5 Ode, A
4 Harrie, K C 3 Powell, F "
iI Sellingtoo, J M 8 Solomon, T I
4 Ringleton, W K 5 AOott, A .I "
I North, WH 5 King, H IC]
4 Hanna, Robert 2 HIll, J D
2 Carroll. K C S Barkrider, 1.
JOR WIICK C..'G&W CI fCj WONS3JY,
YIKBUARY, 4, 1901.
4 Keucher. T N 1 Harris,.feese
r 4 Muroby. lage I Lester. Geo W
I Meyer, k 8 4 Lyons, J J
I Wiadbam, A J 4 bepbherd, Harr):
4 Plggott. . A e Iowles. J A
4 Bebreor, W 4 Lemle. lease
º i Briggs, 8 8 5 Bryson, S. Jr
4 Hodges, John L 1 Wemple H V
SOtte. i B 4 TIIlly, James
i Meteall, Edgar 4 Hamhiton, W K
2 Kmmons,U W 4 J .wett, W P
2 Spell, T L 4 Bullard, MC
: l Stmpon, D A Jr 2 Powell. A K
7 Moore. H K 4 Pollard, KJ
7 Pickens, J J 2 C(sco, W 11
e FJO WEEK COMMrNUING( MObDAY
YI BKIUARIA 11. 1901.
e 3 Harris, S M 4 Harper, a B
e 4 Wilknlas J F ti Bryant. ) K
s1 MoC.'.n, T H 3 A Haway, James
3 Ivy, J 1 Austin, WV m Jr.
4 eoltned. J J 4 Brrne. H
3 Arledge, 'r F a Hopkins, B V
2 Browntrg. R H 2 Herling, L C
i W emple, J 1 Hood. 8 H
I 4 Wlg Ins Alles 4 Ullmer, U0
S r 4 lart L I Ylttaue, 8 8
S4Ij veret, H W Barden,. MW
S Hellports, L 4 Wright. DL
S4 MeeterA " Murr|, JM
I Li g· se114 l Usa 1s I uasTr, D J
I4 e*O s W T 4 WdIImo, Maek
agagy, ,388
- A' 't/".'
tI Ts.tels and e ri · teii d te Ctre Chills and
Fever and all Aal·rial Trmbuies.
Does Not Contala QulaiLe Nor :0her Poimon.
i)Doe Not Injure the ltolmae Nor Effet the Hearing.
s W. A. McLurty & Son, Dime Box, Te., say: "Ramon's Pepsin Chill Tanic in the
best we have ever anldled. My eon prescrihes itin his practi e.r t says :'.t Ui
the only 11 Tonic which a chili can take without injury to the stomrlac
Price 64 JIKOWN MV('G .. . 'rop'rs, Eireeeille. Tenn.
HAKIHY HUNTI. A, . HAWK HU:NT'I'1
HUNTi. E.jI3I I.
Wholesale Grocers and Commission Merchants
111 ana 113 MIALM BTRE.T'
'lantation Supplies, Bagging & Ties.
I)KALKB5lIN
Hay,'Corn, Oats, Bran and Chops,
Speolal attent on to all orders on shortnotiee at bottom prices. All favors appreelated'
)I the .1.I1.. .l+';tn. .lhuhin,,ry Corn
1 II, III. l+mt..
' I , t n , ' i ' e, ll, ,t I, ', .
II I '*
( I t'11[' ''ili,' '!' ,t +It ', I ,l I ,' - + . '' ' I11 .
+H r} ,1,1 ' - ·\+t 1~ 11rI+ l1I\ I, . ' , t , . . ',
IlK II' I 1A I
'II'
T " n ' . l III .. . o 4 I h'ii ' tr p I
nii' t: I tC'' .. l 1 .11 \,. ,i1 'ii . il\
L, t I. 'I ilt''\ \ i l L 1 '111 I I' " i -
.,i 1.V _ , S .i ,:I '.J TtiL II ' r I I '' i I' "'Li P1 I'
,ti i'I , i*'It l.+ I 1 11 1 't r Iit Ji l'i 1I I1
attlll, '.l 1 t1,111 (or1 l.(' l ll I t I:+i,, I , 11, , .III,
hic'iil 'ii;il i,, olI1' ,It .It l ll"''P.' )Itt Ii
'llif:r e . i, 11l tite' i tli..-II .I tt i x, uii I' :1
clteur c'r.matti,']. b ler,, iit il an I!htl l I 1'1d
ritl+.`r at ;11 t h ul. rlI""'. IH " i
mihii' liiI t. :t . 1 l1
lhrow. pIel es. ovrlt ' 1, h.mi i. s, ,
im -l:,'· t oI,, li ".I l 1,o 11" \\ .- 10'i \ "ill
1L!'1.1 111" + I\~ 'II'\' I,Y ],l , )l llI t ,,till I
111) III( (I+ ,;1" 1}I )I'+ *+ 1.\ II +'-t'lll -h , l, it,, ,*:
rif ., • +'ro lH i | "tn l n +1,I .to III ,;n i ..w laI]
prrilt .nt Ih I +llnv e l;tllt I-, i IIll I't, , : .
+ l nenta s r ll . ) lH " t ' . l ' i th I-. I
-stl .r ;1 I p nwt- w; 11 IHf t. I*.s r por l.. t n .
,r r,, . In,, ,1ro l,, y ,a l't ... + ftlllil p , I
+ mt ienl- Indr u lat,,!1n . I. l'rll l-;I I I 1 I l n 1\ 8
:nuty lir,' I, w,'.l * .'< w-ld un-;l.+ i tape, 8 I 8. 1
In 1to1 l o a :111,1 0I'P II tHw nI, l- h n e Tr . ; tt
ed hv ly ] . , as ..hall ,,r n,;, +.- w., ,.+' "
anld Ipro)lwr. tl. 1.n4 1r.+ e, ths.,I t,.,I-,IH inlr
Il in n .oi ancehll<,,+ ilh it-+.h;sli i,. .hatl P.;ist
alist c tinl uiJle fo<r the l. ri,.I ,,f t \,. ntIH liv,.
(2:1) . i, r.' frolll ai, lWl tlttr Ith*. ,Iue h,.l*.,f
T1h1, Iro-idl'ntl i nl . hi. :,b-..n,' th*' \i<,e
pres.ident ,), -ecretary ..h;ll hb. lh" l,,,g,*r
per's-onl upoJnl whomll <itatio orI l" t h+.r l+gall
proces.. shall h,. slrvd.<l
A l It' lEl'~' ii.
Th+, obj~ects aml purl.,p.,e fo~r whic'h tht,.
crorporatitol i, ,,rganima,, amiH the. inatllr..
the busineil+' to |b' c'rri,'l on by it, are dle
chared l o w~ the fl'lohwingl, t, wit: T,, ,h,
" gel.+nera;l miact.hiln lry bul+"iln<+". amll Ito that
Pe ll ptllr"lb++"+,, ..ell anld lllalllfacture ml a n~
chinler~y, nl hbiher*,, f alIl and ,.iery de
g, ori pti. IO1
AlItT:(+'ltl+ IlI.
The i lljita2l atu.k ,f the r.ail corpora.rion to
shall ' F'ifty I'ho1lrt and ( :.Aul.t IHllarr, at
divide1 intto t1illl reprre.intel. hby live II ina
ired shaire, ,Iat, of the nint1 of I )ie f u11i
tired ($101Nr )lira w en("h, which ;till stoa.P.
ihiall Ie paidi for in i.ash at tIhI timii if ub A
r'ri pt io . or tlie M.a In rm;ty t I i~lleI atl illot
lNrN than ptlalr. in payment or" it'chanILe for
proper-ty or rilhitM actua i ll rteiv .eI
or lifireh'ewe(I bv -' till r lcrpl ratioi, or
Lthe Mie rlmay I. ilmandil, fuill ialt, for II
mo(ley a.lvanI r, tnil ftor '.1(h , t h vjr i;in: ct
ble rltl .idlerai ti n ior , r1"\ ie., .L the bouI ' il ri
of diretr-ri of .aid ior'poraton mtaIivy de pt
terttiri, piroviled,i that l, stc.rk .hall be 1I
iss- ell until the ion'iirl ;.it i therefor h't' 1)
been reeivid by the sail (or|ora.till
Anly sttl'klill"r r tlly -.'ll. 1i,-- gl or
tr;rnr fer him ..tl .k iN thi- , rl.orl.ltit ,,., pro d
.iited thirty (:i,, ilays prior not el, ,t o ,h
'ntn tio ll U , 1- l,] n -i n oi i tran' l fu'r I h +
aL hnt IN- tit htln the i.liitaty. ill Ithe it hler
stickhoildlet. thereof Ili;ll have tIt, fir , I
privilci, of lhurlhainlii sititil, ufter wnh1i+'
thirtv dlaVy nirtliet the W ill sfti ,k liin. IN h i,
m>141 I f it - .ti iiarket at
The .to lk oif -aid (or"pori r,ltlin niariv fi
trans ferrted uInei r tie ti illlll . i- dital it ,, ii i,. L
proviit Hrl sw chll t ralnlfr IthI n ir Iini . it , t il
the hooka of .uill rimlan , it T' 111i, ' lin
the city ,'of .Shreveport r, Li. llall ionii sir
rendner f th1e icrtf iltlate t 1-(I N.r it ir- -
fer oif ainy frtlctirfiil part of t ile shari ihatll
be imlltrlse.
'lThi' 'corporation shall ,,tolimnie A. nlr
buaiine a s stu roon ats 1o Iuntridt (l I Ifti
shares iof the capiltal ,trwk hall have ileen
tulhitn'rilstl for. The li tird of I)irctors
shall have lthe riitht toi hrttrliinielt hiow
mnuch stttk whall Ift i4-teil.
A\ II' 'li'E IV.
The corporrpate poiwer r oif 'his innlli:any
shall litw ested in ami exerrisiedl by · i Iai lt'I
of three directir, . cinniist ii. of tlth pr, i
dent ttw ,l shltll t. the til r' asurer of -ali
iorp.oration. vier-premisii it niillL onte -t.rIk
bolder, tryr of . ati heard t;ill -hll itt-t it 1te
a tullrrnlnr for tlit r;anmtiiot of hu-i-. -
ari their dlecriii.i shall ihe valid orporaljte:
actfs.
T'lhe following plerlt-i,- .hall '111 otittu 1t
the lirnt Bio rd of t irtctr- t .1 I, t \lrt .,.
prerthlent: I( - .tluwtort, s ire ire.rleru t, .
i'. . tiigiler, i i, -r ltar .
No JLtrwon halil he t..i.-hi* all s direc.tor, or
an io.thicer, s.thti i riit a swtlrkhotIedr of this
conlaturiy I gl llthir. tt if ell 4n ta l l,"t -
dentl thile dvii ' - I-rr id ent .hall a't, - lt l
presilh.
Na.t lb r , shal lm ntiuim , in ,fa lite ' untl il
the secowil Tiltie-lray i an:tary I'ot:, n t
which diatte anll t.hereafter tnaiiliv, ia
britirif of ilirtrtiris r shall it- eleitel on the
sei(tinld iTuewhty in .J;auary trof cach ti.tu,
utlr.s . the ,ant hith tllh Ie. a hlitr lt t. i en I
the election shall he helil nt th.i n.t le,' _
day thereaftier
N.ti ite of .auch electiout .hall .te ¢iven bt
at lea-t ten dayi s I' 1f 11ttinurt, t otmif ;ititim
te of the tlily l new.i ,ai;ieri r f this n-itV.
attl th hard of directors shll ae,,r1
one or i .rore -.ti khill ' Is to ipre, "it ati
such election ar (coitnrit--itruwrw
lii the event oif the filtlre iof atty cotlt
nli ,wii tiers ti ntirenil, the prIre-.lent whtnl:
hiV apjpintifrenit. till the va(aiinry \n
failure frfom anir\ .ianie whatiever, to ihlet
direetf ori tithe tliay ntafeti for that pirpi-'
whIall iinot ,ismoiln i the 'rilr ,aIN tiin, tlit th*"
directiorrr t i.et in ,liere. at Kell ia- tie ilti
cerN of maid .cormjany. shall hold tiver until
their icce.eors atre chosei IIn sich event,
the pre.idenit shall (au aniother election
ta he held within thirty days, anid shall
give notice thereof as hereinbefore pro
vided.
At every election and meetingeach stock
hoMer shiall br entitled to vote for each
are of atock registered il bhis name, and
may vote proxy.
The of direeers shall be by b.1
:'
r~ns41 br le.ith, rei.nilation or otherwise,
fro ,.ommi I he .tocki.rlhri~ of the corpo
Ihe-id lhur i i shil have full control of
tIll prI 'o rty IIf lt hi - 'n, p;luy. ;I11I1 - ib l io
Slducti' . lmantii, Li ruI11 l i I[-the ~ali . e t ini
th iir d4i reti, o it ep e' d ie' l tit, all that isi
co -i'tent l it h I he j. etl- if thi conlmpany
el tihe twi lf r tl of, Ilth" e . ll".
'I h it aid If- ard i Il.t lt ltfife toi
T I I *I Irp ratl' t nll l y rt1q ir. ttand as it Itn;t
411 -i: nl' - ii, v for tho' conaldn tint and
i 1 11;1 in'lel l thi'llIf: |,r i( ith. the 1 r1 i Ia1
shlll ,n t r,'.1 lir t uitlh thi'. a h.tt'er, or t ith
ti, tIi'ws of tii .;tUlte', r iof tie UnitLed
T'h s:i, Itlni, .halnl elect or appoint a
serrtaty and truch other offcl.ersi. agents,
cit plty.-' i i,. ervatnts tll clerks ac it tmay
4I la.4 i, net r ' tiry for tihe ionducting of the
in'ine . of th i crIoIIrttio flI their com.
pen-lat II, tr-rm of s-ervien, with the right
t ,li-m"i n tlhern at aid Bonard s pleasuren.
awl -niI liantI it shall iha ,i the right to Ai
allnd deteruinellr the lsnaries iof thoe sevall
dllit'rs hereu prlovided for.
AIITI('JF VT.
Thin rharttr may In ithantged, mouli .'ed
or amomltl.eI, the rspiital tock increased or
iat 1't-,h., or this cotrportion may 1.dis
Il ed. it r .igenerl mleetingK f th-e stock
h,,hh4 r-, o'trnvenid for that purpose, with
thi a---tlt of tlhree-fonurths of theentire
i'-littl : .HAick, whIether present ,,r repre
'ntoed a', t sucnh tireting, notice of such meet
inlI toh. e iven acordling to law.
In ,'i W. o.f liti-.lntion or termination of
thi. o.t p oration, either by limitation of Its
ch:irt ii lt fror an y riuse, the liquidation .1
oif it- rll'rars shall be cnuducted by two
S,,rtnti.ilnllrs, whi-tei fromn the stock
hn,I hr-. -w ith like usn-unt, and at a meeting
Ii lled for that purpor.i', as above set forth
in i hi, ciharter.
rl coI t lisstioner.shall remain In offime
Int Il t h1t aiTairs of isaid corporation shraLt"
hao.. ,i init fatlly liquidated. In case of thlt
dnlit It io r ,I 1moIre of1 said come niaiiternst'i '
the .us it tI oir lsurvivors aIG.irLe ontllnue to
ever tie hr-h li;ble or rynspoOible for the
contracts orr faults thereof, l any further
uWsi 1 than the unpain balance due the
c.rInprnly oil the shares of stock subscribed
for r r owne by htIn, nor shall any In
fortntlity in olrganization have the effect
oIf re.l-ttiring this charter null or of expos
ing nl stockhilder to any llabilly, beyond
the unpaid bahlance If any, of his stoek.
This dnhtle anld passed at my eIlhue in the
city of Shreveport, la., on the 7th day of
.lanarltlry, 19!1, in the presence of H. B.
Idrl-ndon lrtaI l \VLrt. ..intul, competent
Wit nestes of lawful ate, and residents of
this lity, whr hereunto sign their names,
to.{ether with said parties and me, notary,
Iafter reatlinwl, orf the whole.
.1. l, M'1ans". IlI1 hares.
, 1. Munger, :1t shares, per J. IL. M.
It S. N runger. :.o shares, per J. L. M.
Attest.
I:. I. lhernion.
Wrn. \Winter.
\ M t. \WISE, Notary Public.
State of Iouisisana. Parsh of Caddo
Having exunrritied the foregoing act of in
corporatiotn and finding nothlng therein
contained contrary to law, I hereby ap
prove the stue, this 7th day of January,
lol .It IIN R. LAN1),
District Attorney 1st ,udicial District of
ILounisiJtna.
(Enhtor..e i--iled and recorded the 7th
day of .Ianuary, A. I) P511.
F. A. LEONARI),
('lerk and Ex-Offilcio Recorder.
State of l.otiu.iainna. Parish of Caddo
I hereby certify that the above and fore
:oi ng is at true alnd correct copy of the orig
itill autl as the warnte now appears on file
anto of recordl iln lil office.
Ii\* iin under Itt . Irtand and seal of office,
this Ath day iof .I;January, I101.
F. A. LEONARD,
Clerk and lEx (flicio Recorder.
Jantuary 7,. .ItS
ISavinr Deposits
1erchants %nd iarmers Bauk
Corner Spring andJ Texas
Street,;fnreveport, La.
The saving deposits of the bisak-le oee 01
ts dewervealv popular leatare. laterU.
at the rate of three per cent per aheUi i
Mlowed on all somes o one dollar lad up
wards redaslbing on the oesaenar three W
nore caleadar months.
W ben made durlag the Iretthree days
>f any month, interest Is allowed en thee
leposlte as if made on the Lrdy of the
month. flt, n-' all snUB not with.
Irawn will !,, ,,e on the grit days .o
I ebruary a 2sst, D¶ lant T; I t
ben wltbd! /'s added to to t .b + nci :
thereby glving depositors eomp,,und
interest.
Deposets may be mada by married wo
men or minors, In their owa names
Faclihtles are given depoeadtrs to draw
money.
Ieposits made for a longerpertd than
six months draw a higher rate that. ordl
us ry. saving den "
(COMMERCI4L
National Bank!
..... OF....
:SIBC R EZVO..O. LA.
GAPI.L 1100.0O
, *k-, , +: "-1
OrAC -"
. ...