THE CAUCASIAN~
N LADE
!9 COvCoSIa. PulisIDS UII WI W
OFFCIAL ORGA'V
OF THE
4ARISH OF CADDO
COLORED, OR NEGRO SOCIETIE S
The organization of a secret society
among the colored people of Rich
and parich has occasioned consid.
e:able excitement. Some think that
it* purpose was a menace to the foite
people, but the colored people claim
that the society is entirely legitimate
.-sndhat its purpose is to help and
elevate the negro and not to harm
the-whites In the least. The matter
will be investigated. Nothing rash
should bp done in a case of this kind.
-buaxdia t-Journal.
The paragraph clipped, is from the
Guardiau-Journal, published in Ho
mer, Claiborne parish.
To the Guardian-Journal and other
newspapers whic.i have been consid
orably exercised over the reports as
well as the attempted organisations
et colored sooleties or societies of
negroes, mystic and benevolent, we
twould say, fear not. Do not get ex
o ted; be calm.
It will be conceded that any or
ganization of the kind of which
Pr >abet Smith was the leader, with
Prince E Iwards and others, were a
.menace to the public peace. Such a
gang of murderers, instigated by a'
aeligioous ireusy, do not meet or hold
-conclave where they may be seen or
heard, but in their diabolical plotting
.ad gatherings seek dark corners or
places which are not accessible to the
.mblic. All such claus should be
ýauppressed, as uulawful, but theec
should eot be classed with the better
-egro element, organised into sode
'-ties for purposes of benevolence and
charity. These societies have their
eseres works and signs, as have other
hesesolest and mystic orders of
which whits men exclusively are
he4*bers.
Is Shreveport, for lnstance, a num
ber of these mystic or secret societies
have bue in sssetenee for years.
Thenr are colored lasous, and col
ored Odd Fellows, had colored
aKaigbts of Pythias, and colored als
bs of Bebekab, the Brotherhood of
'I Jacob*, the Knights of Cash, the
Bose and Daughters of the Consol
M4sted Bevem Stars and a number of
r soeleties. wbose aim is benevo
'ipese ad Charity. Several of thee
wtimes er societies own the buildings
'In which they gather, and one of
.these, a two-atory brick, is on Texas
*4venue, on the outside of which' i.
alated is bi , bold letters, the name
.dif the order.
Our observation is In favor of
'these negro socleties-mystIc and
benevolent. Ihoe negro is an imitator
as well as an emslator. His ideas
#d'notions of these orders have
Oeme from white men, and it is a fact
that the colored men who are mem
bers of thee. mysdo-benevolent or
4er are generally above the average
negroesamd are better citizens. It Is
4lso a fact that the negro loaters and
the criminal classes are excluded from
esebership. The negro society men
or w~mee, take a great pride in help
tng the sick and distressed and In
burylg the dead of their number.
To our Mends throughout Nortb
'Leualata we would say In all candor
ead earnestuess, be not alarmed or
apprehemelve ever the organisation
of any negro soelety in any town or
-commusity. The negrose (and there
,re few, indeed), who would combine
to steal and murder and do any rn.
Lawful sets well kept beyond the
eyes, the observation or the reach of
the p01lie.
Washiagrt" B'easemrata
Itaes bw givene eas, at WaWisng.
ta's Demsase via very mush tassneei
at ho bisdeom the olwe
Maft
MONEY TO LOAN. F YOU NEED MONEYW
And can not call. phone 561, two rin°S
All Am)tunts. Personal Collateral. and we will call on \ (ou personally- All
Watche Jewelry, Diaironds, Guns, Etc. transactioTns confidential.
L. TEKULSKI, The Shreverort Pawntrokcr
Bargalils ill Unredeemled Pledges 419 3'4E str,,t, pousite ,stotm t.
crate a new breed, or are they of t
Cleveland- W hitney-Palmer- Buckner
gold.hug combine, who gave aid and
comfort to the Rbpublicans and con
tributed to the election of Mr Mc
linsle)? These "Washington" Demo
crate should keep cool. end iustead
o; worrying over or criticising M
Bryan they should help to defeat the
Bapublican nominee for governor in
Ohio. Do these "s ashington" Dem
ocrats know that Mr Kilbourne, as
Mr Bryan, said, "the nominee for
governor, is an excellent man, a life
long Democrat and an active sup
porter of the national ticket in both
1896 and 1900. He is better than his
platform. He deserves and should
receive the vote of every Demccrat
in Ohio."
And we may add that Mr Bryan Il
a better man than the "Washington'
Dcmocrats and the various breeds of
byphenated-Democrats who delignt
In abusing him, simply because he
has been loyal to Democratic prin.
ciples.
The Rights of Pedestrians and
Street Railroads.
A New York court has rendered a
decision on the rights of pedestrians
as against the claims of the traction
companies that is likely to settle the
disputatiod as to who owns the
streets. Affirming a verdict arising
from killhig a boy who, it Ia claimed,
could have got out of the way of a
car and did not, the decision runs
"The right of a railroad company to
use the public streets is conditioned
upon the right of the public to also
them In the ordinary way, and no
railroad company has~the right to so
block the streets that the public are
excluded trom erosting them except
at the risk of being jran over. L
cannot be cmatributory negligence
for a person to start to cross a track
wnen the car is at such a distance
that;the swotorman can prevent its
running him down It attendlng to
his business and operating the car In
a careful and prudent manner." Toe
courts are gradually laying down the
law In a way to instruct the traction
cc mpalies as well as to the people as
to their rigbts.-New Orleans states.
The rational and intelligent con
struction of this ruling Is that it a
pedestrian cannot or will not get ol
the track, the ear mast be stopped
the motorsma anust get ready to
stop his ear wheuever there is an ob
struetiom on the track. Under the
ruliags human life would be equally
as valuable as a ear.
AQVIIPBu r BY INJUsCTION.
There is in progress in orthern
States a great struggle between the
Amalgamated Aseoa .tioa, as the
worklugmen employed in the steel
Industry are called, and the steel
trust, which may lay In the shade the
great Homestead strike of 1892. The
pcotention between the Amalga
mated Association and the steel trust
is on principle.
The Amalgamated Asoaciation in
sist that all the mills of the steel tra it
shell be unionised. The steel trust
m )t the Issue with the declaration
that the demsad of the Assignmated
AssocIation is njust aud that th
asn in their employ who are not
union men cannot be forced into the
Union. In the plant of the steel trust
union and non-union men have been
employed and paid the scale of wages.
The question of wages or of work
lug hour. is not then involved, and
on the well defied Use of anion or
non-union the struggle is being
waged. In the meantime thousands
of men are idle and heavy losses are
being incurred on both sides, but. it
is not the struggle which we have in
mind; nor can we sympathise earn.
estly with men who are indirectly
responsible for the creation of these
trusts; the men who are in favor of
protective system of the Republican
party and men who are so prejudiced
and deep dyed In the wool hat, per
haps, they would shrink from Heaven
if the door war were open to them an
the same of Democracy.
We would deal with government
by injunction, the mighty weapon to
whisk the Trust and the aggregauon
at wealth appeal to res st and crush
labor. But again, this very labor Ii
respeeslble for these Injunctions by
the jadges of Federal courts whisk
have be. .rested through the R.
- p w c y , u bav. bess
lu every State there are laws with
which to reach every man who will
defy and break the law. Men have
the right to organize, to w)rk or not
to work, and whenever one or more
men attempt to destroy property, or
rseault another, or threaten him or
do him violence, the assaulting party
may be reached and punisbed
through the courts of the State where
the ofiense is committed.
But the ever ready injunction
which some judges of Federal courts
issue on the fimhest of pretext, Is a
menaea to liberty, and all freeman
should protest in thunder tones
against the iijesuction busIness which
is being carried to extremes, and is
an abuse of power not warranted by
law and common sense. It is ties to
call a halt and let the State and local
authoritih deal with strikers or with
men who defy and break the law.
The "divine healer" SchIatter, says
the Memphis Commercial Appeal,
has been declared a vagrant. lie is
also a common swindler. The real
bohlatter died several years ago out
West. He may have been a much
deluded mau,. but be was aunqes
tionably a man of beautiful character
and not a dead best.
The man that marries a woman
older than himself gets a guardian as
well as a wife.--Atlanta Uonstitn
tion.
Some men need a guardian more
than a wife.
Merchant (to new boy),-"less the
bookkeeper told you what to do in
the afternoon?" Youth-"Yes, sir;
I am. to wake him up whoi I see you;
coming."-Tit-Bits.
L4MERICANEX1ELLEU.,
Ordered to Leave Rir ia by the
Highest hti hurity..
FOUR DAYS TO: MOVE
The Iran IG George Kenwau,.thn Aume.
lean Author and Lee erer--Il.
Informed Our Mibsuter of
the Order :Ie t ceived.
St. Petertbnrg, July *T -A high tAb
can police official called unon George
Kennan, the American author and lee
-arer, at a hotel here on Tnusday ewen
nu and informed him aemnse leave the
ountry by 10 o'clock Friday evening.
Tennan was not allowedl to leave the
oom in the interim, les wasoonweous
ly treated.
This action by the Russian astheri
ties is taken under ulawgiving themin
later of the interior arhority to expel
undesirable foreigrurs. The- notic*
served on. Kennsn eharacterizadi him as
*unnurasbworjh poeickedlg."
Keanam informe& the t'ited States
minister to Russia.Wharlemagse Tower.
of this action of the Russian.amshoritieab
but has not asked Tower to. intervene
in the matter. Itb is not known whethb
or he has obeyed the order or not.
R.e.eeted Wesident Cmapmasn.
Chicago. Jul)e 27.-Delegates to the
Baptist Young People's Union, hold
ing their eleventh internstional ceeven
lion in this city, re-elected President
Chapman f r- the comili. sear. Dele
rates were given a chanee Friday night
to express their preference by ballot.
Their leader John H. (haniuau, receiv
ed every vote. He has been president
for 10 years already and is the founder
and father of the uinion. Ho had ex
pressed his wjlingness to retire in fa
vor of a new man new that the decade
of service is rounded out, bat the young
folks would not let him. It is thought
the convention wi'll decide on a bi
ennial instead of annual sessions here
B after.
The other off cers elected were: Trees.
arer, H. R. Classold of Chicago; record
ing secretary, H. W, Reed of Toronto.
Canada; vice presidents, W. W. Main
f representing the north, W. W. Week.
I representing Canada and W. W. Gains,
S representing the south.
Nanged for Outrage.
* Little Rock, July 27.-Charles Ander
a son, the negro who outraged Mrs. Belle
Eriwards near Marche about year ago,
was executed in public here Friday.
About 8000 persons witnessed the exe
D cation, among whom were many women.
a When the black cap was placed over
b the negro's head scores of negro women
became frenzied with excitement and
rent the air with their screams as they
7 rolled upon the grass in the state house
h yard, adjacent to the place of execution.
p. He reta..i to make any statement.
The essetiam ot Anderson was the first
given npabi in 25 yearm The recent
b leglietu.r euasted a law requiring rep
LACK OF LARGE INTERESTS
The Reason Why Women Are More
Narrow Minded Than HeU.
It was :t a suntiher hotel that I over
heard the following conversation:
"And just because I f rgot that rittle
thing she cut me dead." The speaker,
a pretty. blue eyed girl. was in tears.
The iian leaned back and smiled
scornfully. "That's just like a wom
an," he remtuirkel. "So petty, so nar
row minded! Now, a man"
"Oh, you don't tliiu.k women are more
farrow minded than men !" the girl ex
claimed warnily. "1 din't"
"You're not," he hastened to explain,
"but that is thanks to your training.
You have been brought up to till a
place in the world, to do something.
You have large interests. In that re
spect you resemble a munt. But the or
dinary woman-the women here at the
hotel-ha'e nothing of that.
"They do nothing but eV. and sleep.
Their time hangs heavitl on their
hands, and they positively *ibn't know
bow to kill It. Everv small event be
cornes of great importance In their
eyes, and it is discussed and redis
cussed until it Is threadbare. Their
lives are made up of trifles. Can 3 ou
wonder that they are narrow minded?
The Large hearted, busy woman who
goes through life with her mnin'1 intent
on Important things is bound 16 trip
up a score or more of these preffadies
and pettinesses which lie, like trouble
some footatools, acroaw her path, and
ti she to so unlucky as to do this all
the apotegies Ia the world will not
avail her, for these weaaen never can
forgive another tle tarktig lightly what
they themselves consider' of so muab
imaportance.
"Then you think"- the gfwil began.
"1 think that wianen tadte delight 1w
tormenting' and mating earn, other mis
erable." the man Interrupted. "and that
If they had more serious obfrcts in life
their characters. In this parttfcilar at
least, would undergoi a marte change.
All this rot about the naturail feminine
I
baning toward detail is aooaeese. It
isn't their dispositions; it's the life
they lead. Give a man the same life,
and be would be just as bai It's been
proved In individual cases."
At this pint the oawn and rl smoved
away. an I was Ioft to iaer e -dawse
tieos.
Women, train yourselves to be broad
er minded. The narrow mndeneess of
women is responsible fer more harm
than their wickedness. FiR your minds
with high and noble Interests. Petti
ness and gossip are crimes, for th'y
break the hearts of others and ruin
their faith. in human nature. Live and
let live; more than that, help to live.
Women should make it easier for each
ether, not harder.
MAUD ROBINSON.
T.a.ese*. "arumr As.asesalmse.
Murfreesboro, July 27.-John Arnold,
a prominet farmer of Hoovers Gap was
found dead on thy roadside on Thurs
day with a double load of buckshot in
his back. Arnold was under indictment
on the charge of an attempt to crimi
nally assault Mrs. W. J. Hoover, and it
is believed the killing grew out of this,
trouble. The identity of the assassin is,
not known.
Bat.. Beeomaing GeaersL
Kansas City, July 27.-Heavy rams
are reported at Springfield and Pitis
burg, Kas., and in Shedgewick ooumty
Kansas. Other points in the south re
porting rain are Muskogee, Antlers and
Ardmore, I. T., Ellis county, Oentral
Kansas, Graham county, Southern Kan
sas, Little Rock, Ark., Abilena, Tex.,
and Santa Fe, N. M.
Negro Lill. Two Womuem.
Fairmount, W. Va., July 27.-Foun
tain Gordon, a negro, shot and killed
Belle Campbell and fatally wounded
Mattie Simpson, both white, at Menon
gahey and then ran away. He was ar
rested later and is in jail here. He may
be lynched.
aised Brn..
San Antonio, July 27.-A local secret
service official recently arrested J. P.
Edwards for aheving $10 counterfeit
bills in Texas. Edwauis served a year
in the Bear county jail eace for pass
Ing a 01 VU waised to .&O in Austin,
NEW CAP'ITAL FAtM.,
AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT'S BIG
EXPERIMENTAL STATION.
It Will Umhrnee Sic Hundred Aeres
of the Arlington I:rtate-Forestrv
Now a lurreau Io ( harge of Gifford
Pinchot-The Forest Reserves.
[Spenal Corrcsp'ndene".]
WAs!rIN mN. .July 2.o--( 'inparative
Ty few people 1iow much ahout the do
inns of the de(1artiment of agriculture
cr appic i to the scope and extent of
its operations. Soeie folks think its
principal function is to furnish seeds
for distribution by congressmen to
their rural constituents. This is but
incidental 1o ,he work of the depart
ment over which preside1 Secretary
Wilson, who is himself a practical and
Scientific faruner. Perhaps the most
importmrat work of this branch of the
g('oriiinint at r'resent is the experi
lnents being carried on at the various
stations throughout the country, which
furuish practical sugzestions of great
value to the grain grower, the horti
cultusist ar4 the dairyman. These
expermuents are likewise demonstrat
ing th adaptability of our sells and
chlimatit conditions to a greater variety
of products than we had ever dreamed
before t4ey were begun.
In line with its experimental work
the agricuilairal department will estab
lash and conduct a horticulturalt farm
JAMES S. WILSON.
ecretary of griculture. I
weer this city, wnere will ne growne sa
the fruits and vegetables which experi
ment shall prove to be-capable of culti
vation in. this climate; For this per
pese the department has taken over a'
tract of 601 acres, which embrace thias
portion of the Arlington estate lying
aloag the lank of the Potomac andi
esaseof the main estate-now used. anaa
national cemetery. The-McClellan gate
to Arlingtonc will be opposite the maini
gate to the farm, and the latter will oc
cupy all of that rolling. land hetween'
the river roasd to the east. of Arlington
and. the riew bank. The soil ts- a'
sandy loam and quite teb. The site
was cultivated for a nunet-r of years'
by sqpatters, who raised. gwrden truck.
and fertilized: the tansd qoite heavily.
Tbereware v few trees- on the place.
For seine time past It has- been the pas
re ground. eUsthe mule-ledonging to'
toe army poste-rfWrt Myer.
Mew are now at work: blwlen tp'th.e
whole' place and planting cowpeas.
These will grow beavil by. fall, when.
they will be pibswed undev and ryewill
then be sown, which willialso be plow
ed undbr wbei green neas spring. This
will pnovidh a uniform fartilizer for
the whole place and give-a foundation
for future wost. Next fall the Hialt
and shlade trees will be- set out, andi
everything- wllk be done as soon as* **.
Aible. that the farm mar take form in
the least posslible time. The farn will
be In charge of Professor-. C. Corbett,
who i brought here from the eaner
e en r West VirgOla espe
. uetose.pHe weoaboen
u~p n the gpeat truit grow
lug and agricultural region of central
New York, his home beibg at Watkins.
Professor Ccabett took the scientIfic
courses at Cornell college-for fotr years
and after his graduation remained as
Instructor in horticulture for tweoyears.
For six years he was- in charge of the
West Virginia station, one of the most
Important tit the country.
The farm will be devoted exalusively
to horticultural demenstratioueand es
petiments. The Interest for the genes
al public will lie In the methods of eil
tisation and the large variety of agri
cultural plants and fruit trees whieh
will be seen on the farm. In seven
years the orchards of all kinds wf) be
bearing. Including the apple trees.
which come to maturity latest. The
vineyards will be yielding grapes with
in three years, and the pear trees will
bear fruit in five years.
Systems of drainage and, if neces
sary, irrigation, model fencing, the
most perfect methods of gathering and
storing grain, fruits and vegetables
will be exhibited. In addition, there
will be a home place of six acres, where
beautiful lawns, pretty shrubbery in
artistic designs and suitable shade
trees will give a lesson to the subar'
ban resident as well as to the owner
of a plantation in the beautifying of
dwellings and their surroundings of
the country. Professor Corbett intends
to make this six acre plot literally a
thing of beauty, an object lesson to the
landscape gardener as well as a source
of delight to all visitors.
To the scientific agriculturist and
horticulturist this model farm will of
fer an opportunity for study In every
branch of their science. Methods of
cultivation of fruit trees, vegetables,
cereals, the growing of grapes, the val
ues of different kinds of fertilizers, will
all be exhibited directly is the farm or
in the records of its existence, which
will be kept for reference.
Another important branch of the
'work of the department of agriculture
jri and prosetd
vati.T dii.
si tn ' fil lilade a
LM ire:ll , .rt . ,Rt :,,d the
Lý(o1e' oýf 1. un w1 ýý i~lloru~bly en
lar ed I of Nil. tGifford
Pin h t. 11 b trt n i-g
to t.a e i ' ' if furest' y as a
profesis i I n r t hI Siliois of
Eutirosle as i h had graduated
from Yale ont 1 Ur lis return
to America l' dt d 3::1 put into o
eration on t1 1, of Mr'. Geo
Vand tilt at uilt nI r. N. t., the first
atteipt at syste:tii frest manage
ment ever iade irs tfi< ' untry. He
was the youngest ume1mlbI r of the com.
auittee of six appointed Irv the NatioIal
Aemdlsny of Sciences. til re' uimened.
tions of whi'h resulted in the proda
mation of the reserve made duriag
President Cleveland's Inst tern.
The forest reserve mornerent bepan
officially on March 3. 1iS1. when con.
gross passed an act providing that the
president nmay from time to time set
apart and reserve * * * any part of the
public lands wholly or In part covered
with timber or undergrowth," and that
"the president shall by public proelds
mation declare the establishment ot
such reservations atn "be limits them
of." Within less than 31l days of
passage of the act President Harri
procluimed the Yellowstone park tili
berhusd reserve. containing 1.239,000
acres. One other reserve was made 13
1891 and no less than 14 in 1892 ans
181)3. The total area reserved under
President Harrison was about 13,500,
000 acres.
President Cleveland's first addition to
the list was the Cascade range forest
reserve in Oregon, the largest of all the
reserv- s. Near the end of his term of
oice he took a step to which the pre
ent widespread public interest In for.
est matters is chiefly due. In tbe'ý
spring of 1891 the National Academy
of Sciences had been asked to submit
a plan of a national forest policy for
the government. The aeademyr p
pointed a committee of six member%
which, after extensive examination.
recommended the setting aside of IS
forest reserves, with an area of 20,000,
000 acres. These reserves were pro
claimed by the president Feb. 22, 1897.
President McKinley took up the wort
thus begun- and carried It forwa4.
and the result today brings true satli.
faction to those who see how vast a
future gain has been secured to the'
inere are now i rorest reserves una
der government jurisdiction, with a to.
tal acreage of 4t.$'8.449. or something
more than 72.000 square miles, an aresgr
cornkderabiy greater than the state
New York. New Jersey, Alassachu
and Connecticut. These tracts of w
land are mainly located in the far w
-in California, Wyoming, Arizo
Washington, Colorado, Idaho, Mon
and New Mexico,
The government's work in this greae
field is now divided among three
les, the general land office, which
charged with their administration;
United States geological survey,
which falls the duty of mapping and
describing them, and the new bureau
of forestry of the department of agri
culture, which is called upon to invest[
gate questions of a scieatific and tech
nical nature. The department of tht.
Interior. In addition to these, includes t
an organised force of rangers to pre
vent and stop ferest fres, and Seere
tary Hitchcock now plans to add to his
department a bureau which will carry
out plans for the protection and e*
tension of forests in the United States
modeled after the German and other
foreign systems, but an improvemmit
upon them. He says that existing le
islation and the funds at his commant
will permit of the inauguration of ense
a system.
Forestry hI the United States haa
met with little or no active oppositlos,
but It has had to overcome the passive
Inertia of popular ignorance. No think
ing man fails to admit that the ýood
lands of America are of value to tie
country, yet he hears of a Are wbklt
destroys some vast tract, comments Up
on it as upon a piece of news of purely
momentary interest and promptly die
misses the matter from his mind.
Wood and water still are abundant,
AIR
GIFFORD PINCHOT.
[Chief of the bureau of forestry,
agriculture.
and an annual loss estimated at
i(4s,000 is therefore regarded as I
table even if e )t taken for gra
Within the year t single fire strip
(j.-0I0) acres in C alifornia and cost
best of $20,s)y before it was ext
guished, but it is to be do:!ted If o
atan in 10.000 gave it serious thoug
Happily, through the efforts and infl
ence of such men as Gifford Pinchot.
the country at large is beginning to
have a more just appreciation of the
great value of our forests and the ne
ceualty for their preservation.
SAMUEL tUrBAalA 1