HARDSCRABBLE HOUSE
The Log Cabin Built by Gen
eral Grant Near St. Louis.
TO BE PRESERVED AS MEMORIAL.
An Exposition Director Buys the
Humble Early Home of the Famous
General and WilU Re-erect It eo
Fair Grounds.
[Special Correspondencel
St. Louis, March 31.-Notable among
the historic attractions at the Louisi
ana Purchase exposition will be Hard
scrabble House, the log cabin built
and occupied by General Grant, which I
has lately been purchased by C. F. i
Blanke, an exposition director, and I
will be re-erected in Forest park, where
it is planned to have it remain as a
permanent memorial to the famous
soldier, particularly recalling the dark
days when he was struggling against
adverse fate to make a living for him
self and family as a Missouri farmer. a
No more striking will the contrast I
be between this humble little cabin of
logs hewn by his owi hands and the
I
t
HARDSCH4BBLE.
[General Grant's log cabin as it looks
today.]
E~eiersl ran'stoday.]
towering and gorgeous palaces of the
world's fair than was the contrast in
the conditions of the man who within
a decade from the time he left Hard
scrabble cabin well nigh penniless and
a recognized failure as a farmer
stepped into the White House at Wash
ington as the chief executive of the
nation. But some tremendously sig
nificant events occurred in that decade
in which the one time poor and al
most desponaent farmer played a con
spicuous part. Of these events all the
world knows. Perhaps It does not
know so much of the long, tedious.
,hseartsickening years of struggle which
' this primitive log structure ,represents.
"fardecrabble House," which Ulys- 4
as 8. Grant chose to call the first home
ofat his own, was built by his own hands
AS the taM of 185 on a portion of the
estate of Colonel Frederick Dent, his
the~-i-law, out on the old Gravels
-red nine mailes from this city, where
it astood for neatly halt a century. The
p11cm was apptopriately named, ftor .1
s.re yonag Grant, who had just re- I
siged tfrom the army after having
Srasilated from West Point and fought <
bravely through the Mexican war, had !
a hard scrabbl to asupport himtelu and
family. A few years before his kitg. I
aatlon, then a gallant youpg lieutenant i
atlined at Jeffersoa buracks, he had I
eurted and married the Laughter of 4
Coleish Dent Latia he was trans
earred to Sackets Harbor, N. Y., sub- I
equently to port Vancouver, on the (
northern Pacific coast, and thence to I
Pert Humboldt, CaL, 300 miles above 1
sa Francisco. His pay as an army a
,6er was small, much less than army
affcer of the same irank receive to
day. He could not take his wife and
little an, zow General Frederick Dent
Grait around the Horn to his distant
poet, and in those days a Journey
across the -ontinent was for them out
of .the question. He sent Mrs. Grant
atd the child to his father's home in
Ovhlm andshortly after.his departure a
second son was born.. Later MrS. Grant
a.ld her children went to live at White
Haven, her birthplace, the home of
Colonel Dent.
But-the young soldier loved his wife
and *tbles, and the separation from.
them was unendurable. So while" sta
tioned,on the Pacific coast in April,
1854, oe the very day he had received
a captain's commission, he tendered
his' 'pSgaation from the army, to take
effee th .elast day of the July follow.
iagis At the expiirtion ot that time he
started east, going flirt to his early
home. in Ohio,. where he seems to have w
been received rather coldly by his fa.
ther, who is said to have been deeply P
humiliated by his eldest son's retire .a
ment from the military service, In,
which he had expected him to win glo
7y and renown. These came later.. But V
that is another story. -i
After a 'brie visiat with his parents L
Captain Grant .came to St. Lietu and e
rejo.ied his l imil at Colonel .ent's . t
.home. Thirty-two ye rs of age, with a e
wt and two chtildren, on of whom he $
had nevar seea, he had abandoned the s
milairy profession and its pay and el
was facing the future'witout a cent. n
hus Captfain Grant began the se
ablashient of a ,home, Bauel Dent 91P
sttatg aside a track of about eighty W
uesem ths e old boa.refarm far his use.
d not tve Grat a deed to th, t
er , for Julia's aske, gare
the lsetemat war nvetern emissiaen d
,tipl e t it .afido -wht you can with
it." ol elf l Jesse . m Grant, t
was not well pleased with theman th
lwh n had married bs dauhter. The t
I -wsa f r., ofC ese.atea
- uead+us~ta
captain. It was suficieint that his wife
loved him and approved of his course
and cheerfully shared his hardships.
That wincer and the next spring and
summer he cut wood, plowcd ,'nr
wheat, hoed corn, bound wheat beli;;:
the keen cradles of his fathcr-in-law':
darky slaves and was a farmer's man
of all work; Hie had worked on a
farm in his boyhood and was not
ashamed of honest toil.
In the late fall of 1855, the harvest
over, Grant began the work of cutting
trees from which to hew the timbers
of the log house that was to be his
home. He worked early and late. Oak
and elm fell before his onslaught. He
fought it out on that line all the
fall and at last was ready for "the
raisin'."
There are many venerable citizens
of St. Louis who recall with fond recol
lection the house raisings of those old
days. When the pioneer had hewed his
logs and hauled them to the site of his
future home, he went through the coun
tryside notifying his neighbors that
upon a certain day "the raisin' bee"
would take place. Bright and early
came the neighbors to assist the house
builder in raising the timbers into place.
There was a dinner spread on the
ground, and hard cider and ginger cakes
kept the workers cheerful.
The Grant house raising bee was not
a whit different in its immediate as
pect from others of that time, though
the historical significance was vastly
different. The neighbors, who on that
autumn day helped to put in place the
heavy timbers for Grant's humble
home, had high respect for "the cap
tain," because he was known to them
as a veteran of the Mexican war and
as a former officer of the regular army.
They respected him also because he
was a hard worker like themselves and
a good family man. They liked him
for his manly qualities.
After the logs were in place Grant
laid the floors ahd helped a cArpenter
to fit the window frames. lie a.;o did
the greater part of the shingling and
built the stairway that leads to the
two big, low rooms in the gable roof.
When completed, Grant moved his
family into the house, and it was their
home for about three years. His fa
ther-in-law's big white house, a man
sion'in those days, bore a name of its
own. Grant gave his cabin a distinctive
name. "We'll call it Hardscrabble," he
said, possibly wondering how the mas
ter of White Haven would like the
name.
And it was hard scrabbling for Grant
e during the next few years. lie was a
tireless worker. He plowed and sowed
and reaped. He cut cordwood and sold
it on the streets of St. Louis. In the
city he sometimes met old army associ
t ates, who sneered at the shabby look
ing farmer. Grant appeared not to no
tice the sneers. He was trying to make
. a living for 1s family. In the big log
cabin was a buasy housewife, surround.
ed by her children, and that was home,
* something he never knew when be was
Sthe army.
This life went on, a humdrum life ex
cept for wife and bables. Grubbing.
hoeing hauling. Grant began to grow
old apparently. He permitted his beard
to groew so that be looked much older
r than he was. Perhaps he felt old. It is
known that he made but little head
way in his farming and that be was
t deeply discouraged, but he made little
I complaint. His health failed, he caught
chills and fever and grew sallow, see
lilt nothing in prospect but the same
Ssort of patiet, pitiless, unremunerative
toil. He was almost beaten. but not
quite.
In 18T Mrs. Dent died, and Colonel
Dent removed to St. Louise Captain
Grant basa placed in charge of White
Haven, moving out of the dear old cab
In, Hardserabble. He was in control
of the negro slaves. A historian of the
t I
ROUSE WHEasE GqENEAL GRANT WAS MA
RIED. t
period says: "He was a poor slave driv- t
er, however. The negroes did pretty
much as they pleased."
Late in 1858, racked with ague, he d
gave up farming altogether and went
into the real estate business in St. f
Louis, in which he was no more suc- M
eassf4 than be had been as a tiller of a
the soil, In 1860, "apparently a defeat- t
ed man, he went to work as a clerk at
$50 a month in his father's leather t
store in Galbna, Ill." Then came the i1
civil war, and what happened then n
need not be here recounted. E
Hardcrabble House remained the Ii
property of General Grant until 1884, Ii
when Ferdinand Ward wrecked the
Art of Grant a Ward, and it was r
turned over to William H. Vanderbilt, v
one of lia largest ereditors. Mr. Van
derit sotld it to Luther Conn, who in o
1891 sold it to Edward Joy, a real es- h
tate dealer of this city. Mr. Joy moved ti
the cabin to Old Orchard, three miles 11
from its original site, where It now ti
.4 .in. a well preserved condition.
r h latael purcha sed it
#s + sue wno is .:i~at o
THE BOYS.IN GRAY.
d NEW ORLEANS AWAITS THEIR COM
ING WITH OPEN ARMS.
Generous Prephrations of the Cres
cent City For the Annual Reunion
of the United Confederate Wter
an.' Associntion.
[Special Correspondence.]
New Orleans. March ...-The Cres
cent City will welcome with open arms
S and generous hearts the men who wore
the gray in the civil war when they
come here in May next for the annual
reunion of the United Confederate Vet
erans' association. Famed for its hos
pitality and many attractions and
abounding in traditions dear to the
I southern heart, New Orleans is an es
s pecially fitting place for the old sol
t
F S
GENERAL JOHN B. GOrDON. O
diers to rekindle their campfires and i:
renew their memories of the battlefield p
and bivouac. As New Orleans is now 'I
in many respects the most I;uportant
city in the new south, so it was at the v
opening of the war tlhe chief city of the v
Southern Confederacy, and, though it s
early fell into the hainds of the federal u
governawnt, its heart beat warmly for
the southern .ause. It witnessed its tI
homes depleted of thousands and thou- n
sands of brave mein who left their fam- fl
ilies and their belongings to take up m
arms in a cause for which they were tI
ready to sacrifice everything most dear. b
'housands went, thousands remained g
away, and the ones who returned to n
take up the burdens they had dropped ti
at the first call and who'have survived di
the vicissitudes of fortune and of fate tl
during the long interim stand ready to m
welcome to their homes and affeetions at
their old time comrades in arms. It is al
the determination of the old soldiers of
the Crescent City to make this the at
most enjoyable and successful reunion ti
the survivors of the army of the Con- ai
federacy ever held, and in this they ai
will be supported and assisted by the at
people of the city of New Orleans, all in
of whom will anxiously count the days in
until they can number the entire host: ri
of old Confederate veterans as their fti
loved and honored guests.
The material side of the reception to dl
the United Confederate Veterans is iap- s
idly assuming a definite and tangible
form. The city has pledged a fund of
$100,000, -which will be expended In
providing adequate entertainment both
of body and of mind during the several i
Colonel J. A. Harrl. aid-de-camp on
the staff of General John B. Gordon
and chairman of the press committee.
a committee composed of the newspa
per men of the city. announces that-the
entire situation has been carefully con
sidered and that the local forces are
moving quietly, yet rapidly, in an ag
gregate effort to the end that nothing
may be found wanting when the dawn
of the reunion heralds the arrival of
the old gray clad heroes. From Colonel
Harral it is learned that the railroads
centering in New Orleans are making
every arrangement necessary for the
handling of the members of the 1,500
camps which' comprise the entire or
ganization of the veterans and that ex
ceptionally low rates of transportation
will be offered.
The committee on accommodation has
arranged for a system of "room list
ing," which in addition to the accom
modation provided by thl hotels will
enable the visitors to be taken care of
without the annoying waits so -re
quent on occasions of the kind under
consideration. Arrangements have been
made through the kindness of the
United States government officials for
a large number of army tents, which
will be pitched within the inclosure of
the fair grounds, one of the finest loca
tions in the city, well drained and pro
vided with conveniences which will
make the "canvas city" one of the mosi
desirable features of the reunion.
An auditorium' will be erected on the
fair grounds of sufficient size to accom.
modate the estimated number of veter
ans, where the sessions of the agsocia
tion will be held.
Elaborate plans have been made for
the entertainment of the veterans, and
in addition to competitive drills and
military parades in which a number of
cpmpanlestfrm other states will per
ticipate a grand ball will be given dur
ing the convention. e
It is expected that a large number of
representatives from the newspapers c
will be present during the reunion.
The great enthusiasm of the people a
of New Orleans in regard to this com
ing reunion makes it beyond peradven- o
ture that the occasion will be most de- 1
lightful from all points of view, and
the municipal authorities, acting as a q
unit with the citizens generally, will
pave the way for a series of pleasant a
recollections and fix the claims of New
-leans and its people upon the good
S. . loyal se a tt o the old
FOR HOME WEAR.
Pretty and Serviceable Gowzq "
Mohair In High Favor.
[Special Correspondence.]
New York, March 30.-The great ma
jority of women pass the greater part
of their time at home in spite of the
common cry that they live more away
from the domestic shrine than in it.
and so it behooves them to have many
neat and dainty as well as sensible
and serviceable home dresses suitable
for everyday wear.
The reason that the Frenchwomen
are always so well dressed is because
they take pains to have enough or
dinary home dresses to spare their best
ones. It is a desirable art tb be able
to look well dressed at home at all
times so that if any chance visitor
should happen in he or she need not g
wait a long time that the lady may
doff an old and shabby dress and put'
on one for show. The true gentlewo
man always looks neat and nice In
the privacy of her own home.
The old new mohair in the pretty col
ors and black of this season makes the
nicest of home frocks for ordinary
wear, and a gown of it is quite fine
enough for any one. The simpler such
a dress is made the more genuine sat
isfaction it gives and the longer it re
mains fresh. Still there is no reason
why such a garment cannot be devel
oped in a more ornate style. Mohair
is so lustrous and bright that it re
quires little trimming, and what it
does have should be applied more to P
tone it down than to add to its bril
liancy.
In the illustration is a very l)retty
home dr ass of gray molhair. The skirt
has several rows of soutache braid in
gray, one shade darker. set oin in short
scallops. The skirt fits closely around
the hips, but flares widely below. The
waist is quite plain in the back, but
has a belt, while in front it forms an
open blouse effect. with a full silk vest
in a soft reseda green. Ther(e are Ia
pels overlaid with heavy white lace.
The sleeves are rather close bishop
shape, which adapts them to home
wear most admirally. For with the F
wide sleeves almost any kind of work,
sewing or anything requiring active
use of the hands, is impossible.
This would not be half a badi design
to follow in making up some of the
wash fabrics. It is not always easy to
find a design so practical. If one
wished it a little more ornamental, all d
there would need to make it so would s
be to add a flounce or a row or two of
good strong washable lace. There is
madras cloth mercerized so that it has
the sheen and gloss of rich silk, with
dainty stripes in aJl sorts of colors and
tints. The trimming to this material
may be entirely of itself, cut and strap 14
stitched on the bias. This is very neat
and serviceable.
Is and serviceable.
of There are also mercerized panama
e sultings, all really desirable. Some of
n this looks like the finest silk taffeta
- and is shown in plain color, stripes,
y arabesque designs, medallions and
e scrolls. Some is very Persianjin color
II ing, butmost of it is in the tints and
a In pale blue; green, silver gray and a
t rich tan. All of these come up beauti
r fully with lace as a trimming.
Basket cloth, cotton volles and organ
o dies are all made so that they are as
- suitable for the home dress as for the
"f
-
PRETTY MOHAIR HOME DRESS.
street. The self respecting lady will
have her house gowns as pretty as she
can with a view to their utility.
It is a matter for sincere congratula
tion that the black silks are in such
high favor for the season just now
opening. The lighter as well as the
heavier qualities are seen and are al
most equally desirable, for if the taf
fetas, louisines, pongees and liberties
are thinner they are also less expen
sive and lighter to wear. The richer
silks, like peau de sole, peau de cygne
and moire velours, make heavy dress
es, and one must hold them up or have
them destroyed by the dust. And they
cost a lot. With a black taffeta skirt
prettily made, a dainty white waist
and a black lace bolero, a sentimental
flat Tuscan hat with a drooping wreath C
of tiny blossoms and a parasol which
looks like a bunch of sea fog gathered
upon it a woman is equipped for con
quest.
The black silks for summer skirts k
are made of taffeta, shanghai, silk
crape, crepe rofale, silk iron frame
grenadine, habutais and a novelty in t
rtia _crepe de chine. This list does not
the heavier silks penDtoned
SOWIRS' D:plRUGSTOR
*,s!. to 4 ig. J. IJogel.
B~oo`' , -.$tationery, -t Toilet Artic
,Ind Pancy Goods.
Wlanuftcturer o ,I Flavoriing txtracts, PuPre lol* and MIl.
e eral Waters. Agents for SiMlith-l'remtiar 'l'Spewriters.
FresK Garden Seed.
n
e rescriptions caretfullt compnoIundled with the best and tfr
t #rugs. All aI'ors apllreciattd an d orders yiven prompt
e attention.
FRED W. BOWERS. Proprietor.
C. C. HIardnan & Co.,
Wholesale and Retail Dealer in
LUMBER, ,HINGLES, SASH,
Coors, Blinds and General House
+Finishing Goods.
Office and !alesrooms Corner Spring and Crockett.
Lumber Yard Corner Lake and McNeil str
SHREVEPORT. LA.
They are here at last=
OUR GASOLINE STOVES.
Remember we have now a complete line of'the best Gasoline Stoves on ea -
.,"NSURANCE NATIONAL."
Years of experience -:,ve proven the above assertion, "The Best on Eartb
They are now on exhibition. Call, ex anine and price, and yiu will buy.
F. MARTELO & SON,
Phone t5$. 211 Texas
Gardeners and Truck Farmer
SAKE NO.'ICE"
We have received our pew crop T. & \V. Brand Challenge Field and
den Seeds from NoitMern and Easteen seed frms. This seed po
strong germinating powers, produces vigorous plants which insures an a
dant harvest and means more money in your pockets if you buy this
Write for catalogue and ask for special prices on Seed Corn, Oats,
Barley, Wheat, Amber and Orange Cane Seed. Alfalfa, Clocer, Millet
Seed Potatoes, or send us your order. *re guarantee satisfaction.
108 Texas St. TUSTEPN & WEIL,
WHEN IN NEED OF ANY
Fancy or Staple Oroceri
FISH, OYSTERS. jRUIT.
or anything in our line, phone or send us your orders. We will give
prompt delivery and the very best quality at the lowest prices. Call
take a look at our new line of Fancy goods just received.
The I. X. L. Grocery Co.,i
512 and 514 Texas St. Phones 87 and 164.
Orton Hotel \ Restaura
OPEN DAY AND NIGHT.
Regular Meals Served, 2
Best in the City* - -
SHORT ORDERS A SPECIALTt.
SPECIAL ATTENTION TO OPERA TROUPES.
ELEGANT ROOMS-BATH CONNECTION.
701-3-5-7 Texas Street, 'orner of Louisiana.
The Florsheim Bros. Dry Ooods [(o V
EXCLUSIVELY I-I/HOI SA E DE IALERS IN
Dry Goods, Notions Boots, Shoes
and Hats.
50o, 5t2 and 5 r4 Leviee S.reet. New Yol-: (ice 77 Franklin Stret.
S. B. HICKS. President. \ IE lC S. ce President2.
W. F. CIIASE, Secretary -Treasurer.
DIRECTORS.
YALE HICKS, S. B. HICKS, F. Hf. (;OSMIAN, W .F CHAS
T. H. SCOVELL. G. II. STEVENSON.
THE HICKS COMPANY
[LIMITED.]
WHOLESALE GROCERS
and COTTON FACTORS>
Office and Warehouse Corner Spring and travis Streets, and COn.e
Texas 1and l m'. o m 'r,'e-- r,' . -
We want our merchant friends in the country to
know that our plant is brand new and up to now t10
all respects, and all printing entrusted to us will bn
turned out promptly and in the very latest style.
THE CAUCASIAN.
1 all respecs, and all pini etue o wl