FAMON'S Chill Trig
I * Tas ~*k" M arnaetoe d to Cow's Cklls and
Fver and all hlerial Troue les.
Does Not Coatala Qainiae Nor Other Polson.
Does Not iajure the Stomach Nor Efleet the RHearing
SW. A. MoLsrty B Son, Dime Box, TeLx., sy: BRamon's Pepain Chill Tonic is the
best we hver ever kA'ldld. My iou prescribe, jim his practice, and says :t j
theoniy li Tonic which a childcan take without injury to the stomach.'
PrIce 5 BROWN EF'G. CO.. Prop'ra, Greenevllle. Tenn.
sq 110C 1Uou1 Ali UCE CO
LIMIirEt
Corner Texas artd ii g S reet,
thADQUARtTEs rou
Fie Whiskies, brandies, Imported t' Domestic C:2ar
Gins, Wines and Sundries. Best & Most Porular BrandE
tOBACCO AND SMOKERSB' MATERIAL
Trads solicited. Prompt son eatiptsetorv Rttention 17"an *1! an;RrF.
T A JUB7 JN H M W RI,
NEW WHOLESALE FRUIT
'PRODUCE AND SEED HOUSE.
'1'atltern & 1Ve11,
108 Texas Street
NaYS ecnstantly on band a ofull st.ek of Fruit and Prodnpe. Write us
o sall when in need of any articles In oir line. All goods fresh, qi. 1 iy
guaaantm*d. Ptieoss as low as the lowest.
-- TELEPHONE 824
Fresh Roasted Peanuts Always on Hand.
s--
RLCKS, Fre. t ALE HICKS, Vice-Pre. W . rU Ci d I, 3eoty & Tre.
DIRECTORS;:'
a B ICKS, MALE HICKS, . Fr GO8MAh, W F CHASE.
T H SCOVELL, H BTEYJCNSON
THE HICKS COMPANY
rLIMITED
Wholesale Grocers
and Cotton Factors.
r-OffBoe and Warehouse, Corner Spring and Travis
and Texas and Commerce Streets
SC. HARDMAN
Whole..l. sad "Wa1i
Ltimber, Shingles, Sash,
Doors, Blindsand General House
FinaishitngGoods.
JtEK et! AAIE!ECCMP. cr. Spria asd Crockett.
- LUMBER YARD, oor. Lake sad McNell StD. areveport, La
SMaTEOR EARTH WRITE FOR
PRICES ANo
S CATALOGUE
Cooas Az "meE 8EBT
OUR PRICE THE LOwLST
MFG.@' P__
TO THE PUBLIC:
Ye are hereby notified that I III
keeLop qmpn
SNight and Day
°E ept Sunday, and will deliver
Pnts, Oils, Varilsh. Wall Paper.,
, at any time. I have determ.
F tto keep in the lead and don't
*a forget it. Ring Phone 88.
WELLMWO
RItE'S SEtON9 VIlL.11
The One l1(1 l hv Patrick Filed for
PIlahate l)v ('ounse1.
SIGNATURES ALIKE.
Patrick Is Preparingi Another Paper
to Be Filed-- More C'lainiants
for Participation in the Iice
Wealth Show Up.
New York, D c. i.-M. E Hirby, the
attorni y representing Albert T. Patrick,
has filed in the surrogate's court what
is called the "'second" will of the late
Texas millionaire, Wiliam Marsh Rice.
In the p. tition accompanying the will,
cor-usel for Patrick says:
"Your petitioner further states that
the estate given to the petitioner in andl
by the said last will and testament of
William Marsh Rice must be taken sub
jt 't to a trust in favor of certain pur
poses and beneficiaries intended to be
benefitted by the said will."
Counsel also said he is now preparing
for execution by Patrick a paper in
which the petitioner may in legal form
make effective the instructions consti
tuted the secret trust, the provisions of
which it is promised, will be made pub
lic about the middle of December.
Among the bequests on the socalled
second will are the following:
To the William M. Rice institution
for the advancement of literature, art
and science, of Texas, $250,000; to each
of the directors of the William M. Rice
institution $5000, and to A. H. Cohen
of Houston, Tex., $5000. All bequests
are subject to the condition that the
beneficiaries accept without contest,
"'and that they will execute such convey
ances and of whatsoever nature to the
said Albert T. Patrick, as he may de
mand; and any legatee not so doing is
forever barred from taking under this
will or in any manner inheriting any
portion of my estate and such portion
shall inure to said Albert T. Patrick."
Following these bequests the will
says:
'I give, devise and bequeath to Al
bert T. Patrick formerly of Texas, all
the rest and residue of my estate, real,
personal and mixed, heretofore or here
after accruing and wheresoever situ
ated."
Lawyer Sargent filed the petition
signed by Patrick asking that the seo
ond will be admitted to probate and the
citations issued to the several heirs at
law and next of kin to Mr. Rice men
tioned in the partition.
R. W. Pottor, who represent W. M.
Rice, Jr., John D. Bartine and James
A. Baker, Jr., the executors of the will,
executed by Mr. Rice in 1896, with a
handwriting expert, made a microscopi
cal examination of the signature of Wil
liam M. Rioe of the two wills. Both
wills are signed " W. M. Rioe."
Although there is a resemblance in
both signatures the signature to the will
fled by Patrick is said to be almost a fac
simile of the signatures to the two
checks presented for payment on the
day on which Rice died, while the sig
nature so the will of 1896, differs some
what in regard to the formation of the
initial "M." The will of 1896 is a writ
ten document whereas the second will is
typewritten, nothing being written with
pen and ink save the names of Maurice
M. Rice and David L. Short, the wit
nesses of the instrument.
Patrick was substituted as executor of
the "secoond" will for J. D. Bartine, of
Bomereville, N. J., who had been an
executor to the 1896 will. The first.
will was witnessed by W. O. Wetherbee
of Brooklyn and William F. Harmon,
of Brooklyn. Wetherbee is a clerk in
the office of Swenson & Sons, who re
fused to pay the checks for $65,000 and
$56,000 respectively on the day of Rice's
death.
While the alleged last will of Rice was
offered for probate a new claimant for
the fortune of the dead millionaire was
having her claims perfected by an attor
ney, E. W. Childs of Brooklyn.
Miss Kate Rice, 1O years old, who is
declared by her niece, Mrs. Bridget
King, to be a sister of Mr. Rice, will
share in the distribution of the Rice for
tune if the plana of their lawyers can be
carried out. Mrs. King declared, that
Miss Rice is the youngest of the late
millionaire's sisters, and she says this
fact may be established through the sur
rogate's records < Kings county.
One of Mr. Rice's sisters died in
Brooklyn 85 years ago, according to Mrs. I
King, and left considerable property.
Miss Rice, she says, received a part of
this estate. If it can be proven that
William M. Rice was one of those
among whom this properiy was divided,
Mrs. King feels confident that both she
and Miss Rice will get a part of the
Rice fortune which is now in litigation.
Lea Taken to Nashville.
Nashville, Dec. 1.-W. F. Lea, the
bookkeeper charged in connection with
Thomas Brady with defrauding the First
National bank of this city out of $56,00t
has arrived here under charge of detect
ives. Lea left here last Taesday.
Cable Bill May Be Knocked Out.
Washington, Dec. I.-Marconi's prop
ouition to telegraph from Europe to
America without wires may knock out
eat the Pacific cable bill.
Rejected Chilla. Irogeial.
Valpariso, Dec. I.- -It is reported here
that the Bolivian congress in secre se
sim rejeaued the (hami prepomaL
TITLES CLOUDED.
TLh Attorniey (OmensrIl Hlaling Affects s
Large Nuirber of1 Iales.
Anain, Dec. 1.--In riep nse to an in
qnirv troim Land Coilnulislonher Rogan.
tAe art rnev t ni ral's department passed
on an important oelst ion involved in
the ree clnt Ii lndaniultL cas- of Reed vs.
R- an. in :yh ch the suprenm'court held
that the assigneo of an actual settler
whi l;oul nadel pr- of of oecupancy could
not pur chiase adl:tional land without
ac tualý1 recdence.
This i:valilstis the sales of thousands
of acr's in the west, osught by cattle
non from actual settlers on one section.
Tae atTorney general holds that the sales
were illegal, and further that the land
commnI sqioIner is not compelled to place
the lands oiu the market. but it is dis
cretionary. The list is of miiuch impor
taile,, as the comlumlissioner iay not offi
cially declare the saler illegal and place
the lands on the market, which would
result in great loss of money and con
tests with land jumpers On account of
the lgislature, he may hold up the mat
ter for its action.
An artelmlpt will he nmiade to have the
legislature validate the sales, and influ
ence will be brought to bear to have the
landl comnrluissiloner withhol l his official
action until the legislature passes on the
matter. Should the legislature refuse
to validate the sales, it will be com
pelled to make an appropriation to re
fund paylmenits. The land would there
fore be Iplaced on the market and sold
again, the same amount of money re
turned to the treasury and the state
would not suffer but the present owners
would. Thus grounds for affecting val
idation.
MADE NO PROPOSITION.
Not Particular Bow Claims Are Paid by
the Turkish Empire.
Washington, Dec. 1. -No proposition
has come to the United States govern
ment from Turkey looking to the pay
ment of missionary claims under the
guise of anso order for a warship to be
built in the United States. While it is
hardly expected that any formal propo
sition of this kind will be forthcoming
it is of course, beyond the power of the
state department to prevent or interfere
with any arrangement that the Turkish
government may enter into with Ameri
can shipbuilders and individapl claim
ants. The principle, 1% after all, to have
the claims paid and the state depart
ment officials are not very particular as
to the form in which the payments are
paid.
Perhaps they are indifferent in this
respect because of knowledge of the fact
that the Turkish government might l'e
terribly embarrassed by the pressure of
European creditors were the United
States government to insist upon certain
forms of procedure in this case.
There are no new developments in
the negotiations respectiLg the exequa
teur of Dr. Norton.
tsour ox r. Aorlon.
May Caneel the Award.
London, Dec. 1.--It is probable, says
the Oonstantinople correspondent of the
Standard, "that the ontract for a
cruiser to be built in the United States
will be cancelled as soon as the Ken.
tucky departs, for it is difficult to see
how the money is to be found."
CHARGED WITH SWINDLING
An Alleged Texas Physician I. Tronble
at New York City.
New York, Dec. l.--Oharged with ob
taining money auner false pretenses, a
man representing himself as Dr. Wil
liam A. Ferguson, formerly of Galves
ton, Tex., but who is alleged to be Gov.
Moses of Charleston, S. C., was arraign.
ed before United States Commissioner
Shields and held in bail of $1000 for ex
amination on Tharsday next. The pris.
oner is said to bear a close resemblance
to the notorious South Carolina govern
or of "carpetbagger" fame,whose record
is in every police headquarters in the
country.
"Dr Ferguson" was arrested on Tues
day last on copniolaint of Dr. Jarman
who alleged that Ferguson had swindled
him out of a small sum of money and
was continually annoying him.
The federal authorities wish to send
him to.Washington where he is wanted
on charges of swindling. Dr. A. H
Shands of Washington appeared against
him.
Odd Suilt Against a RabbL
Peoria, Ill., D c. I.-In the circuit
court here Abraham Wallowitz filed a
suit for $10,000 damages against Rabbi
Friedman of the local congregation of
orthodox Jews, and the case is an un
usual o:ie. For several years Wallowitz
has been butcher for the entire congre
gation and only the "kosher" or purified
meats which he furnished were the
members of the congregation allowed to
eat. It is said that Wallowitz cleared
$12 a day from the custom of his fellow
worshipers. Recently the butcherman
had a misunderstanding with the rabbi
and the result was the rabbi publicly
denounced the butcher from the altar of
the church and placed a ban upon his
meats. Wallowits's business,he alleges
is ruined, and he sues to rec ver dam
ages.
An Eight-League Club.
Birmingham, Ala., Dec. 1.- The
Southern Baseball league meets here on
Dec. 15 to complete the circuit and ap.
point a schedule committee. It is pro.
posed to admit Atlanta and Little Rok,
making eight clubs league with Bir.
mingham, Chattanooga, Nashville, New
Orleans, Memphis and Shreveport.
Closed Down.
New York, Dec. 1.-The Rogers loco
motive works at Paterson, N. J., has
closed down finally. Several efforts have
been made to purchase the plans, but all
have failed.
WAS \WITH THE EOERS.
Captain lioailhni on T ll.- oi Hi. 4lhiri - V
ai :tit inrt In w I i itl.ca
WItasi'i::'ii ull, f , I - 'ar tin aril
RT h-i ii uini the S veitii -ii iiiftivtti . ji
'a i-t '~ ii .aritud by the Wir itoan-t t..
niitt tP r'. rp uin tit rto j r:itI IIi .f t i 1
ioer torees in iho South Afr:(-aii wcr. I
has returned to \t sliin( rt in
* lIt is :. Ieut-nt (aptatin Reicliia ii
say-. "to till what thie 1rr · arn g i ui
to do. General DeWiet's imotto way,
'Fight until our children grow up,' andit
it eicis to look as if the lioers might t
boe working that way now. They are a
persi-tent, obstinate Ipeople, crude and a
simple in their manners, tough and -
strong as tae hunters from Kentucky
and willing to undergo hardships.
"lFifrvty-two thousand men in all were r:
furnished by the Boer republics to carry
on the war, but not more than 35,000 of
that number were in the field at any one
time. When fights occurred between d
the contending forces it was usually in
the ration of at least five British to one I
Boer. The latter were good shots anid '
the British usually attacked in the open I!
which probably accounts for the rela
tive small number of Boers lost. The
I contest now being carried on is a gu"r- q
rilla warfare. Until she Boers lost the
railroad to Lorenzo Marquez they car- 1
ried on a regular warfare, moving their e
base along the railroad." i
C(aptain Reichmann registered a vig. i
orous d trial against the charge that hi I'
had led the Boers in the contest with
the British. During the entire fighting 11
of three hours he was in the company of
the Dutch and French attaches. l
FAKE DISPATCHES. I
Yellow Journalism In London Turned
Down by DeWet's Victory.
TNew Yorr, Dec. 1.-A dispatch to d
The Journal from London says the dis- t
patch of Lord Roberts announcing the I
capture by the Boers of 400 men makes I
the stories published in London papers e
Sduring the last week look ridiculous.
By actual count DeWet has been cap
tured a dozen times. The Boer forces
are completely routed regularly twice
daily with thousands killed and wound
ed. Every foot of ground in the two re
publics is pacified weekly while practi- t
Scally every dispatch eads wi* the state
ment that only a few widely scattered
bands of guerrillas now remain. Every
a correspondent who showed the slightest
e desire to tell the truth has been ban
ished, and nothing but painfully evi
s dently doctored dispatches reach Eng
t land.
s - The afternoon papers, only six hours
f before the news of DeWet's victory ar
I rived, contained the most ridiculous
3 headlines announcing a great victory
over DeWet.
Kitchener Takes Charge.
London, Dec. 1.-The war officoe an
nounces that Gereral Roberts has
handed over the command of the British
troops in South Africa to General
Kitchener.
It is further asserted that the queen
approves General Kitchener's promo
tion to be lieutenant general with the
rank of general, while in command, in
South Africa.
The Garrison Relieved.
Vryburg, Oape Colony, Dec. 1.-The
garrison of Sohwelser-Reueke has been
relieved by a column of troop. sent from
here. The beleagnering Boers resisted
but were driven off.
Sympathisee With Kruger.
Paris, Dec. J.-The senate has unan.
imously adopted a resolution or sympa
thy with Kruger in the same terms as
that which passed the chanber of
deputies.
Consecrated a Bishop.
Fort Wsyne, lid., D3c. 1. - Rev,
Herman Joseph Alerding, L, e of St.
Joseph's parish, Indianapolis, mis been
consecrated the fourth bishop of the
Catholic diocese of Fort Wayne.
Appeal to the Governor.
Houston, Dec. 1.-The strike situation
involving the Southwestern Telephone
company is about the sa. e as it has
been for the past fortnight, except that
a letter has been received here show'tg
that the officials of the telephone com
pany in an application to the goveruor
of Texas at Austin for protection to
their property have set fourth their
grievances. The letter showed what the
company has pusse 1 through and is
tackling at this time. The main part in
it was the prtectio;r of property, which
has been granted by the laws of tLe
United States.
To Protect the Linemen.
Richmond, Tex., Dec. 1. -Manages'
Walters of the telephone company left
Friday with a party of 23 Fort Bend
county young men to guard the linemen
working between here and Honuston on
the telephone lines. An additional
crowd of nine left Friday afternoon.
Caught Cutting the Wires.
Houstcun, Dec. 1. -A man was arrested
in the lower part of the city just after
he cut several hundred feet of wire of
the Southwestern Telephone company
and piled it in his buggy to drive away.
He and the bnggy and wire were taken
to the jail.
Will Test Suffrage Law.
Washington, Dec. 1.-The national
Afro-American council has appointed a
committee to see that the validity of the
Louisiana constitution of 1898 is tested
before the federal supreme court. The
opinion of a number of leading lawyerr
north and south has been obtained re
specting suffrage and the supreme con: ;
will have before it shortly cases, that it
is believed, will secure an expression of
its opinion respecting these suffrage
jaws, __
THE MINES OF MIDWAY.
7 ibere fht I:inrthl 1i .l :! Treaaurq.
tor Chl \\ 11411 ha* reh.
\ 11. 111.; \ J 1:1i'il,-II t ili illf.l 1I( N ov "1.
I 1 i 1t ' I I Ii 4.1 of the rit I -
IIt :I 11, 11i' i \I 1 4 ii trti ini in i tt Iit
Ie,'I''I t : lt iilt't it h' tII ll ' i ". l it' -
{" I t :.o I' ttle river
int boun1ti
Ii \ pi tIu '' t, l li t I 't: li1. I e 'ii:ra.
III it 4'' Ittir. Iti i t I ' t l !it"
eIt \:tt' ' 'a 1 iit : i it Its In i tio i. irsot l
i- s lI t .jit i' t n lls tih tl tu h b il the stir tilt
r I ' n t h 1 Itio t ~i : 1r'ifes '-i ll. 'I it- tiss
l.11111 i t' t '. 1 '- :j' :1 , it l .tItii of thie
ain ti t iiit ll' i iif the1 lItitt:, ' cf 0 t
i i e II rlii 11 ll 4 ;I r . 111 * i)11 Ilil e
S-tjtlltt' :l \1 a Ii0 i 'tii nt I lth' sti ltn aS cfh ll
rh \Iitices tei\ 4 Ii( 't It .tt itt Itttr u. Ai ars
rit :tdtlcitin.r' ju lug\ii ci'titttiist from,
I fu'ittd 1'r lft 11rlii it a 1 uiltti ,li1s I e ionr of
e ltttni'ls cetir h as if attu jtert'tout
r l ':..al It * 11m ";:, bunt I!1 C Irl1" 111, r
11 o; Iis to di s lii ntoIl .1le distrtr1
Biil:ittIt ti i tile ti n th 1 tl) acre. i1 thit
lie lol l s lit If to il or l t I 0 ilIIfts sank.
tIalni liowt i, orua iof. C11 ajtttin Ad-'t
1 \1inl htunt ;1 i. 1,11 of t le m1 ost
l1 hillinas raItili til tl tl curi'itSlt4 e'vein
t i d 1111 r l t in l at ti:I.i1 anton Thne cihtp
t u nl ' 5)',"t~liuu tit th l n erta~iI Ity' It
e " hw e h i i n tiroth. re maled and great for
t like j ticrtip t'tcs tt 1ertOU heiahts iny of
ani an lou I-Ixi - tence -u 1. thie latent re
0 qtces of go, antd silveria. is irewseitu
i- L (' hes 1gs1 fll tna to olu 1. search
r Ir a .ltihi to hlit i r ft ist rotg. The pass
d lenag titttrict I the dhirenting of the up
Seir Arrow Inke ( ltan Actels of thce-'
It riop l sctingc fet ir, iilg I:int litLo a 1 -
tolo~~t rc~rllry· creek no~tLh~ard
Start (lilt on sucv fola cali it ie will' atind
h Ile ry blood k out toel ith the geeastwrns. for ans.
'i I': y :uils varied arec thile ries of mi
ianmp. ie ltentureth the re told inda and
throat 1Miway.
'Pr bit to rpbably ne connected itsupplies nll tahis
region has hlad moure Interesting expe
ritences than ('attain Robert C'. Adams,
all adti'ntl~rt' Ilttin eapitaltiit fromt
l M1 an alIni gtaie. aimed forwas the
- kfwendr Arrowf ila e. The lower oake
e ion'ts ii tie uper bod of whereabouts.er,
Ils holdings in cti t'int Y ale district
ramuernt te Inlres tIay cLnoI) adcres. and
It'll nt-It) out into( the c~ountry. at a salts
lie iholds titler o dAySo of cmianoeIn-d
t whicns noIe In operation. Captain Ad
lns has trlaumpeding oil tme pest bank
a i'nd monthi at a tite among snow l a
e tsid mtotuntainl tops and scaled wall
Slike precipt'es to perilous heights in
-quest of gl and silver. His reminis
- ft' ces woul. fill a volume.
.While pusihing 111 through the I~oo
d tenay district In the direction of the up
Sper Arrow lake C'uptain Adams once
it harr-ow ly escaped losing his lof . Ile-
followed [:oundlary creek northwbrd
fromn .1idwtay for about 1.5 miles and
t'then struck out to the eastward for a
few miles io reach the Greenwood
r amnp. Hle remrained there a day and a'
b ight to replenish his supplies anti. tak
Ing an Indian guide, aimed for the
tolower Arrow lake. The lower lake
7 onnects with the upper body of water.
Intl the calitain's intention was to
traverse the lakes by canoe and then
branch out into the country at a sulta
tle point. After 3!._ days of canoeing
It which lie Is an expert-C4aptain Ad
b tns made it Inuding on the west bank
/f the uppcr 4I-row 1:11;4 opposite N'll
kusp itug:.l it mounttains burred his
a :1n - :1*:1t4 he bee,- n his
TIE ITIDWAY VALLEY.
tunt. 1io i ldays of umountaineering
oun'l him on111 the crest of a su:ill peak.
It the foot of which tflowed the .Mos
44ito 4eek. The 5st sloping downt to
Rardl thae streain Unp,"ressell the0 aptails
I" I I:elyt Ii ting plhiae for ideposits of
ilver4 . Ile rs)olct i to s:atil'sfy hIis ct!ri
isil) v o rt reatI:ri.ig to thic Arrov
TII' task h :I ':phi3 i: 3141 for himself
rasl- Iristling o it! , Iam ; r The par
i:1enhr spjit w ticutuh he i'l to 4) in es
i t 44e eas sit u t f dill ciine t 14 1)4144
aIefer t arked cliff. ITo re:!li it tiad
ieesaty for hin to desnee-l the face
f the rock ii stltm mar:: 101e. The cap
niam was equal to the ot)nsiton, ani
inslingitng a light i-t stropt pies. of
op le :carried n:cri s his shoutlers ht
stoened the &vni tio a splitig ov"erhanig
ng the brink ao1l linietd hand tin
[ier hand1 to the base. There Witl a
tiatl sized pick which ihe tarritI at
is bl-t he texianati I a 1)i. W\hiii
titent on examining the dirt a large
iei of rock from uinler ite roots oC
he tree to which the captain's rope
ras fixed crashed down the cliff. Ht
iad barely time to crouiha c.s(-!v into
lie burrow as the mass, several tons in
veight, swept past birm. ('a plain Ad
ms was a prisoner and In cramped
uarters. Hle was not released until
ve or six hours after, when a party of
rospectors from the gold quartz mines,
ttracted by shots he had fired from
is revolver, pried away the obstrue
ion. The captain was badly cut and
rulsed as the result of his confine
lent, but be soon recovered and re
elved the congratulations of his de
Irerers on his close call.
FEnazanic B. Tooxu&