i pk .orCRAM0 hii Tuiet Cee
ts Testlss IInd Buarcateed to Cowre Chilly and
Fever ad all klarial Trou Isbles.
Does Not Contein Quinlne Nor Other Poi.mo, .
o oe Not injure the Stomach Nor Etfct the Hearing. ( l.
W. AMc La tyr Son, DlmeBox. Te., sar.- "Ramons Pepsin ChillTonic is the tan
best we have ever Ladled. M son prescrnh s itin his prsticn and sai ti c
the oni il Tonic which a chil can tae without injury to the tomach." 1111
Price u 0 arOf N ruK . CO., ProDr. (,reenevile. l e nn.r
art
LIMITEa. all
SX 'LU'VELY R HOLESALE DE1 LtR- IN
hu
Dry Goods. Notions, Boots, Shoes. Hats ,
510, 51c and-514 Levee Street. N,:w York Othce, 77 FrauLbiu S reet 1
hut
3)1 r' in
Corner Texas and pring Sreets.
rWIi ADOUATE*s r,"1ý
w
Fine Whiskies, iran lies, Imp. rt Domrestic Cigars,
'l s, Wines and Sundri.es" i.e.t c< ' ost 04 ...:_ B- ...,T
ColRACOll ANxi .H UKER4' MATEKr I'
red' solicited. Promp' a ti t : rv : . . . rs
Great Clearance Sale
..T ..... cl
THE Txs STORE.Z
Trhbe 'ui e y c:c:: ,it . )r. G( ) 1-, 'tL,'hiug, Shoes and H-11, L dis.. and at
Gents F rieia.n .i ,U, ' L'rnuk,a Valises, etc.. is now b-iug sald ,ut at
pric a to suit ' rvbody. r
Sp'?cial B.trgains in Fiu'e MN!liuery, Caies aud R11 dy Madle Skirts and in
Waie'.
Call at onct a d yon wi' · hnw ftir vnn man mtke y ,ur m mey go. t
tI t E \BtRK TH E Pu&CE
£T1ae "exacs L4.to-_.
.11 'lexa. -r et SHRE V P )tT, L'..
______ b
LARGESTANII 0TCO1MPLETE ýUCY iACTiORY 0iL l: FOh
CATALOCUE
OUR Goons ARE HE BEST
L OUR PRICE THE LOWEST
AIn Mrc. I.ianapois, ,Am
t /-L
...CHEEPk RATES
IOUSTONEAS1 EsTEXAs RAu-'Y aY
OFFERS THEfjBEST SERVICES
AND CHEAPEST RATE3 TO
.- ,.ALL SOUHTWEST TEXA
Tayk1:,=Temple,' Austin, San Antonio,
N 8 MELDRUM, W H TAYLOBR, .VU OHERTY
(Ger Mgr. G F]& PA &GPA
CC HARDMAN,
Wholesale and Retail
Lumber, Shingles, Sash J
Doors, Blinds-and General House
Finishinp, Goods.
:,FPFICE and SALg5ROf MS, cor. Sprung and Crockett.
LUMBER YARD, cor.:Lake and McNell Ste Okrnveport, La.
1 nry lse lercantile
& lansuacloring Co., Ltd.
WMOLEsALE DeALERS AND NANLUPACTURERS.
Prnprietors of the
shreveport Steam Bottling ~ Trks".
ahreaveport tea tm Carndy lactory.
For Fruits, Produce, Nuts and Candles and. in ftt, uanyth ing sold in
a Frait and oulectloury Store, send your ordere to the above nao·4 firm,
who are eace snors to the well knownu and reliable hboue of Henury Roe.
Yurs to Serv,,
Henry Rose Mer. & Mt. Co. Ltd
UP TO DATE IN WORK AND APPLIANGEg
4t·L;.p~~~~~~
EAGAN ATTACKED.
Senator Teller Scores Him In DisUe"d
ong the Army 1ill.
\ito-h:,t,,. .ha. I.-In the senate
M,.iona: MJIr. Teller of Colorado, speak
ilg to.tth. amindlient he offe-.t to tho
arnm tl, ill, tld \ivered a .lasa ntio(al detun
ultt i o) ,,f (, neral Eagii , forter coli
lIlt--,rv .n'e'ral of the United States
arny. ]is nrrauminmntt included also
the almin 1aisrratioin .ecause General Ea
call hat:I Ie .n retired accordntIg to the
Col .) a,. wnatr's charge its a "deco
ra.t ,I .uIl ritcvard" for his attack on the
citi tualnd:g gntral of th- arnty.
Ini an tpr;weal for tilhe early passage of
the lpening bill. Mr. Carter of Montana
d(t'!iietl that delay now would na.l an
tuadltt onal expe.mnditure of $500,)0 a day.
lite sk-"d t hat a tinm be set for a vote,
but Mr. T'el',lr objected.
A.lsoltittely no progress wa. made with
tlhe mll lulre-lnot a sillpe aumeudment
being (lipi . d of finally.
The House.
hVaihinton,. J.an, 16. -- iThe house
Mlontl;l\y Ip,:st ,.ld District of Columbia
I)usioess until next Mo)nday and pro
.edt.ed w Ith tihe river and harbor bill.
Good ipri're's was made, 59 of the 97
pages of the bill being completed.
l'esio'n for Davis' Father.
',Nashliimgtnii, .Tan. 16.--At the open
ing tof the lit ssion of the senate a bill
grantlng a p.nsion of $50 per month to
Hoilnlto N. Davis, father of late Senator
l)a\is of Mimnesota, was passed. Davis
was atainll in commisary department.
NO COMPARISON.
Two W.arships Purchased in England Not
5o. (.ood as American.
VWashingtodn, Jan. 16.-'-Men of war
purehased by the United Sttaes from
English shipbuilders or built on English
designs for the Americanx navy do not
possess the stability of American de
signeld and constructed ships." This
was the opinion expressed by Rear Ad
muiral George W. Melville, engineer-iln
chief of the United States navy who
Sco.tinued:
S We have found that the ships pur
chased from the British ship builders
are int as stable as our ships are. The
two ship purchased 'luring the war with
Spain were special objects of concern,
and as a result of an inclining test of
it one of them, Naval Constructor Bowles
reported her unseaworthy. This find
ing was based, however, upon data
which erroneous for the reason that
though weights below deck had been re
moved the guns remained in place. An
other test showed that she was tender
that is, approaching instability and that
her stores below acted as ballast. We
make our ships more stable than this
being particularly careful to attain the
proper nietacentric height.
"There is no reason why any of the
British ships should be unstable. The
battleships built by the British have
not at considerable depth of hold and
these conditions make them very likely
to be stable. I do not think it is proper
to question the ability of the English
naval constructors to build anything
that floats. They are the best ship.
itil , thio wunrldrl "
Pays Its Taes.
Vicksburg, Miss., Jan. 16.-Recogniz
ing the force of the United States su
preme court decision the Valley road
has paid its taxes for the year 1900 -
Warren county, amounting to $10,C,.
The road's statutory exemption has stul
some years to run, but it having been
adjudicated invalid, the corporation is
now a taxpayer like any individual. It
is understood that the Valley road will
pursue a like policy in all the counties
of the state through which it runs.
Cervers Denies He is III.
Norfolk. Va., Jan. 16.-Mr. Arthur
Humphreys, Spanish vice consul here,
believing from press dispatches that
Admiral Cervera was critically ill, ca
bled coidlolences to the admiral's son,
Lieutenant Angel Cervera. The al
miral, who is at Cadiz, replied saying
that the published reports that he was
sick are untrue and that he is enjoying
very goodl health.
Alvord Not Yet Sentenoed.
New York, Ja.l. 16.-Cornelius L. Al
vord, Jr., who pleaded guilty last week
to stealing $620,000 from the First Na
tional bank, on application of his coun
,sel, Judge Thomas, postponed the sen
tence for a day. Alvord's counsel had
some matters pertaining to the caase to
fix up before Alvord goes away.
Wolves Devouring Travelers
Bucharest, Jan. 16.- Advices fros
many points tell of packs of wolves de
vonring travelers. Two wedding con
ples who were sleighing in the Marmaros
district were attacked and all four
persons killed. The dric er of the sledge
escaped up a tree but was nearly frozen
to death.
Death of Dr. Beetem.
Austin, Jan. 16.-Dr. Edwin Pinck
ney Becton, superintendent of the state
asylum for the blind, died at 1:30o'clock
Monday afternoon from an attack of
the grip.
Tennessee Bank Robbed.
Jamestown, Tenn., Jan. 1.--The
Peoples bank of Livingston, was robbed
Sunday night of $5000. No trace of
burglars have yet been discovered.
Lany O'agan Cleeted.
London, Jan. 16.-Lady O'Hagan hat
been elected to preside over the Burnley
u school board as a Progressive, by a ma.
jority of one, against the church party.
A Socialist gave the deciding vote. Shi
immediately took the chair, though a
lively legal controversy has been goinI
en as to whether a woman is eligible.
Benjamin Wharton Deed.
New York, Jan. 16.-Benjamin B. H
Wharton, a retired clief engineerof the
United States navy, is dead athis home
in Mo telair, N. J., of heart tremble
eeaualomed by s atn k of the grip. Mi
Whmaý. wa byrn ies rrks aVa.
Fw-s
Clan iej Life
Alton, Ky., March 27, 1900.
I was bedfast for four months and could not stand on my feet. I finally got so weak and gervous I
couldnot sit up in tbed I lost flesh until I looked like a skeleton and gave up hope of ever gettin well.
They all thoug." I would die. My illnes was pronounced f.ling of the womb and nervous trouble. A
lady friend of mine who had used Wine of Cardui recommended it to me so I got a bottle. When I had
taken one bottle I could walk acros the room and when I had taken the fourth bottle I could do all my house
work and washing and ironing. I have had health and strength enough to do all my work since that. I
am in the change of life now and have been for two years. Wine of Cardui has relieved me won
Mrs. MOLLIE FRIST.
WINE o CARDUI
The change of life is a critical time for a woman. Many healthy women become invalids
because this period is not passed safely. Then their declining years are few and full of sickness. The
change of life comes to the average woman soon after she passes the age of 43. It is then that
menstruation becomes irregular and gradually ceases to appear. A woman with weak organs has
much to fear during this ordeal, but the dangers may be overcome by taking Wine of Cardui. The
Wine will regulate all serious menstrual disorders. It will strengthen the ligaments which hold
the wonb in place and drive out every trace of the dread leucorrhza. It is necessary that a woman
meet the change of life in a healthy state. Mrs. Frist bears testimony to the effectual manner in which
Wine of Cardui prepared her for the ordeaL Wine of Cardul will help you as wonderfully as it helped
her. All druggists sell $1.00 bottles.
In a nes requiring special directionh. address, giving symptoms. "The Ladies'
Advisory Department ". The Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Tenn.
TO THE PUBLIC:
Sof f
Except Sunday, and" will deliveP ýni.
Paints, Oils, Varnish. Wall Paper. tn
Etc., at any ime. I have deter-t ill
ined to keep in theopenlead and don't
you forget it. Ring Phone 88
WELLMANR
Except Sunday, and: will delive
Paints, Oils, Varnish. Wall Paper.
SH KS, Fretc. YALE HICKS ie. hae ete A , e-ty &
DIF ECTORS:: rep
8 B HICKS, YALE HICKS. F$ ( OSMAh, W F+ Eix8E anA
T B SCOVELL, G H STEVIENSON pow
Slte
H ERM NICKS OSMN WEB
SWholesale Grocers hper
ori
and Cotton Factors. i
div
S ffice,.and Warehouse, Corner Spring and Travis
It ard Texas and Comnerce Streetsr
or
tlet
a ERMAN LoE23B, oft
ter
19 thr
b°'
St(
Commerce Street, ea.
to geed oneceip o o hm *
u-. ofpr
n H U,. N sTEt I ooRSe P
lge a
an at
trt
off
'U.
tgt
atoes
he.
po incldin Il S
a y, C. ornp Oats. Bran If Chofe
- aeotdaead yoar orders- to
a~d O5Wdt1ets
act.
(' II A 1T I': I
evr
01 the .1. L. Means Machinery ('oim
ia:ny, LimniteIl.
('ate of Louisiiina. l'arislh f tA.ll per- for
so5 illyt (i",tin and ai;,ix.xvxld fluL . ire- of r
wIhoi " aimuei are hier(,n.I o -.ll-ll , all I inj
of full age, whtil x Iri'a d I hat. .i, linx.g th
thetmi-elves of t e ii'xpr i (ti· n ,.t the I.Ios t x
this Stale. relativte ,to cox i x I t'x i . (ill. tii es- i
perially of Act :; of 1s wof the I;,nw rl .\ .I...
seliihlV of Loui-tlana. theyx Ihi v o• ,iintedI Hr
anid axgretedl. ailnd byl t.e-- lre-s':l- x h'lrnt wit
anld ng.ree. amid hini thel -'' l l' :- xl - ( , s thi!
suill oither lirion- s L i i1a'V heliex'eaftr oe- tor
(comle associated withl themII. to forII anIl afte
colstiitute a corpora:ltion awl hidy politl
in law, for the purposes ixl object', aiti
undiler the stipulation-,. artli itles audi(conh1
tions following, to lit: Att
Alfl ICI.E I
The name anId titl -f th e lsaid i xrlxnrn
tiou. shall ibethe ".. L. I"A. \NS M\( t llN
ERY ('tOM'.1PNY, LI.MIiTEI" ani l its
domicile is hereby e-stalliishel( in the ciity
of Shreveport, State of Louisiana: andl 1t
under its said corporate name, sago 1 (,1'(o
ration shall have power and uthoirit to
contract, sue and Ite Isued: to tnrike ,lti- l 1
a corporale sel, and thel sanil to l;rek anld
alter at pleaslllre: to hold. recti.i', (xav
purchase, improve, alienate, conlivty, sell da
orirow. pledge. mort:gagLe and hyoti eriate,
indet its saitd corporate :nxei . I'l;l'et t"y.
real, pero.nal antll mixed, to 1ti ii1tii l aii L
point such olfficers. lirectors, ag'ents i Il
al a iaanti..gers, ior eimploytiis, :i. the inter
est or collvenlience of .;id itll;ioritlatiii may i
require: to make x1(1 est-lidish hy-laws,
rules and reguilat ioiins for the prinr Ia nti
agentent and regitllalit i- for it- affai rs, as
miay be detied niecessary aind pro( r, and
the same to chaiinge and altier at pl-1asire.
and to do all othlir att .ilnd thiiute- lrltitt
ed by latw, or as sll or illay Ie Iinecessary
antd proper to (arrny on t lie oltjectsi itli pur
poses of said corporatiln.
Said corporal tin il Illle.- so txiter licol veid.
In accordance with its chlarter, shall exi-t
and continue for the perint of t-went Iie I
(251 years from and after thie idate lhereof.
The president. or in his alitlienc the x ice
president oi secretary shall be the Iprlipe
person upon whomll citation or other legal
process shall be served.
ARTTI('LF II.
The objects and purposes for which this
corporation is organized, and the till Ire of
the business to be carried ion by it. are- de
ciared to be the following to wit. 'l d(o
a general niachiniery business, anld ti that
end pulrchase, sell antid manuillllfacture ma
chinery and boilers of all and every de
scriptioln.
ARTICILE III.
The capital stock of tie said corporatios l
shall be Fifty Thousand lt.oi "',x I)olla.xs,
divided into and represented by Five Ilina
dred shares :Illt) of thesuin iof liloe 11tn
dred (41001 )ollars each. which a:(i1 stckix
shall b)e paid for in cash at the tilme of stllub
scri l ion, or the samne may le- isled I :t inot
less than par, in paymielnt or exchali=ie for
property or rights actually receiveIl
or purchased by said corporati i. ior
the salne nitx be issuedl, frill pail. for
moneliy advancetid, and for sluch otlll-I vlhlua
ble consideration or services as thix Ioard
of directors of said corporation n.a:i tde
terminel,provided, tlht no stock "!i:tll be
issued until the con-idl'eatiou theri*fo, has
been received Iby the said corporatixon.
Any stockhohler may -ell. a-i-i n or
transfer hi:, stock in this cop oration. pro
vided thirty (3x dlays- prior notice ,f -tch
intention to sell. assign or tran-fer the
ILsame lie given the company, antid the ll her
stockholders theretof shall have the tir-t.
privilege of Ipurchasing salne. after I(hichl
thirt t daysn Iintice the said stock mi) lie
sold ill oilIen market.
The stock Of said corportili 1:1:,1 Ie
tr:ansferred unlllder tilhe. mliloe oilllllt ill,,
provided such tr rinsf-r there(,I Ie 4lti d-0 otl
the looks of staid ctnpllllanli., at its h1:( e inI
the city of Shrelveport. Li, and x li stlr
Bt reinderof the certiicate th lreiiof. N tra:tLn
fer of any fractional part of the share shall
be nlliade.
''his corpoiraltin shall coitnenc oing
business as soon as )ine lliuniilred t.-lihl
shares of the capitail t'ik shall hatv I beenl
sulmerilwd for. 'The Ioiiardil of Iiitrectors
sIhall have the right lt dtittrntiinti how
IImuch stock shliall Ibe i--uedl.
The corporate powers of this , ,ni any
shall te vested in and exeried by i arl
of three directors. coni-it in; of t Ih ' pr,"
(lent Iw'!o shall Ia. the tr,:,-ir.rer -.f -ail
corlpotratioti l vice -lp e nih.tn and )it- -'n , k
holder. two of said ,iard ' ihaill (ii-'iltt
a qliorn'l for the tr In-li( tion of ),I-lnl-'.
and their deci ion i htll hIt valid rl,,,rate
act.
The followin: Ip r-,n sh1,ll c,,:.-trtnt,
the first H.ard of It,iietlr: .1 I. \M ts.
president. It. S. l.nger. % ice pre-i -lit.
T. Mungner. ,e retlr.
No penron -thall be liviihble a, dir-,,r or
an officer, who is not a st,ckikll r ,,f thi.
companyll . I)itriillK the aln-, , eof ti, plr,
dent, the vice-lpresidelnt shalll ;, I anld
preside. C
Said lboard shall contin:, in oni. l' til
the second ''ue-day in .l;lllan rv '.Itr'. oil
which date and thereatic-r anIi lyli; ,. It
board of directors shall I. el.vil on the
lsecond 'Tuesdlay ill .nilulllarv if e.li veile.
unless the samle should Ie a holii t , whii
the election shall Ie hell o. tii nlxt br al
day thereafter.
Notice of such election ·hall 'w " L viihby
at least ten day's ,(ltiioi - I ,' , ,.,ti,'"
]im mn ediately pre'littg eac'h l,- :,,r, it
at one of the daily nw,vspa: r- f r . it v.
andl the board of director- -iall alpi,,ot
o one or more stwkholil .l to pr,'- ise at
such election as (couii i,,ir'
In the event ofl thl l faill lr oif i)v Ioil
missioners to attenl,. thle i, li nt hall.
by appolintment, till the I. , \ .\tIl
failure fromh any ca.e, wl-,c '.v.r, Io (-t elt
directors the iday naia il for thi}t ,rptl,.e
S shall not dissolie the, orp,,.1,'1 n. I i t tihe
directors then in otfice. a- \wci t,; tilh oL
d Cers of said company. shail Ilii over until
their successors are cltho-e In such evollnt,
C- the president shall caIe another election
to be held within thirty daiy. and shall
1h give notice thereof as hereinbefore pro
vided.
At every election and meeting each stock
holder selliba entitled to vote for each
Mabae t resered i hbis name, and
S.dir'etor~ shall be by bal
IA amIoant of votes
voted to s
-t;ue i. r 1 , , a-nnti.. nor . inthlt*l ,o,
frot lilttut tI e .to ki tler5 of the corpo
rat . i-t
'Th, -aial li( i-rl ,hall hi t- full Control of
thile n I i irt t I i i t! , I Int l . ,t rl 4 h:it l .O -
T(t+lillO !t, ii :t III t.," tile 'iniOr as in
t li r. t , tit. i that is
,n ,t I , , l.<t. . of thil coipany .
aor thie. b, t, , , i riiiu
r.. T h ! t i r l t ,-r : lan ltt,oriz e(t to
the ir' - in' , i lirre aay i:i -
d leeulrtie - .- r ,. h,,t h it O l i ti,
the rla - t ,, ith t , :ti cr.tirt e
1rt; it C, 5 1 ';.. t
dteie lier I rI 1, e ith dl l i'ta! tia Iats,
cIt ttn limtL+ t' lr hli i dtilt ont
soha ll -it ll , . ll -t i crteit ' or i it h
ti law- , i-t;i; .r of the sevrital
Tlhet- ai iii, It ,, ý , , il ,t orapl t t n
desli le itf-r" " \ T' i . i i t Itf t
tn this h-I-art-I iii -e elri-t iie. nIfld.
r t ia l iii ii i t- er iia l r n ir ns of there
u i icc"- oti fix f i r r iiati on s a
cli-'tiiio- I" li Ii- t ii h h, Iiithith ri
tale li-liit li it ".itll iid'' if aseo ire;
iatit -air! - lt ir -h.tl t .i i th.e rt tit to eir
nC lit et .ri , It t-i il e r alarit, of tie fsvh r lt
olicItrs hi-iO:t ir idlts ch I ar. urh r
hit the t a ti i' tlI Ii"taid halntel. rIadflu e thed
Or inlltn i ol te slih ar o:Ril. l tllbscrlaa'd or
dfor or t.-+l. -,r I iii,. nror rt ma ll nbed i
.flly ltlity it or. g liz;iltio l h rl v the steffck
th e ..a I t (f the e-f ,,, f theentirio t
,hiti tiI tai t lit llt ll tllttiet 'of uch mneete
in to h. rdig t law
witnl lal lca f a ii - fl thi.i or terlinationt of
thi< leit-i lttilt, it ther : -, lt tua their naor e .
of it, altc-,Il". ir htt Its e-nt-lust.ei d i hv ther
I tl r iit i i nr. t .lt, tlf the fr tl the tock-h
ttl t.tr tl It h ea r.s ot, utare 1 o t it bnectibt
Ialh l for ti. titl tprit, . ir. o shal et a ony i
, i I olinl.t r, :l r hal rea, perinJ. ice
IItl ti llt s iunrg:tir. tio a shares, pr J. hall
WIt Mt i i ISE, Notary Pubtit
ha heilt: I rnlilt iit huidated Inc ah e of the
deplth f oln llo fingt of na thind tthlim sionel
tti.e till st e t-1 or th ds oif JIl t a ll c .tiu tOary,
Aday of JaI uary, A. It 191.
.\ IItrd'ttn VII.
t . I. NArLEyNARD,
Nt.t+ L f lr otisiana Paristh of Caldo
,elitrlret. tvr ftui tst the ref, vein an further
ItIli l itiin tu copail balance duof the the
litpa i t the atte thaires ot stock s-bJacurib
f alr Lity thri or llle t ow a haver the effect
aof ,'.. .tf rclor . il l ... ottie. ' f xpo
iv ur y hand t , - d seal of ofndce,
thda y of ili"utr. 1y, 1tl.
F. A. LEONARD,
t ; lerk and Ex -O)icio ecord er.
Twiat tIs', .Lt tatfiat i* . ai of tCtadd of
tiii itity, %\ho he rti :.v.i th t t a heir nd ore-,
tottiu ihr witr It aidd er-t cop.yo tet oary,
tIafter reain thtsf the wh aole.
.I t . Meatst ttt J .htf n a re 1.
.. A.LherndARn.
\i'n Wl noint er.
\aVM i. \VISE, Notary Pulr-I.
The.
Job
Office
of the
Caucasian
Can and will turn
out' your work tp
your satisfaction,
and do so at the
lowest; livinzg-,fig
ure. Call at
I, Soady I ,ding,
Cor. Mi. -et and
,, Crockett Streets
'The Commoner,
I. Issued c Weeklv.
WILLIAM J. BRYAN
E1 Fditor and Publisher,
1- Lincoln, - m - Nebraska.
".I,. and
; THE CAUCASIAN,
,Ati Weekly or Sunday,
i,,n One Year - - 1 50
pSix MAths 1 00
)ck In advaBce.
ach
.dT, T.. oter Canb.l .
ote j CPAbfeby wl bbat a