TIlECAUCASIAN
Official Journal of the
City of Shreveport.
THURSDAY, MARCH 26. 1903.
A Nt', York physician says: "If your
baby has the grip, don't kiss it. If your
stenographer has the grip, send her
home."
The constitutionality of the Wilson
act, which provides separate seats in
street cars for colored and white people
has been sustained by the Supreme
Court of Louisiana.
The Mansfield Journal says: "A
monthly magazine is published in De
troit called 'The Smiths.' It is intended
mainly for the Smith family and ought
to have a big circulation. Through it the
Smiths may learn something of the
founder of their family.'
The Commoner: Mr. Cleveland says
he is out of politics save as an adviser.
The Democratic party would land in the
Republican camp if it followed Mr.
Cleveland's example, and the example a
man sets is always a better index to his
character than his precepts are.
One-twentieth of the men in New
York city, according to Mr. Jerome, are
in the habit of indulging in alcoholic
drinks on Sunday. But who is authority
for Mr. Jerome? One-twentieth is a very
conservative estimate and leads to the
conclusion that nineteen-twentieths take
to water, which is improbable.
The Commoner says: "Mr. McKinley
chalged in I891 that Mr. Cleveland, dur
ing his first administration, tried to
'make money scarcer and therefore dear
er-money the master and all things else
the servant.' If that terrible indictment
was true then, it is true now, for Mr.
Cleveland has never announced a change
of purpose."
It is reported from Washington that
strong opposition is being developed
against the leadership of German by the
younger element of the Democracy in
the Unite1i States Senate. In explana
tion it is said that "as a matter of fact,
the principal point of difference between
the 'old' and the 'new' crowds in the
Senate is affordeea by the fact that the
'old' element is altogether too inactive
to suit the younger and more vigorous
men."
Labor is so contented and happy and
prosperous that the general governmenf
for the first time in history has deemed
it necessary to distribute "riot car
tridges" to the governors of the different
states.-The Commoner.
'"To. the governors of the different
states" of the North, where the "con
tented and happy and prosperous" lab
orers when filled with "riot cartridges"
will esteem it a privilege to be permitted
to sustain the grand old party which
saved the Union from the clutches of the
Southern Rebels, etc.
Is the machine stronger than the peo
ple? That depends on how you line up
your representatives, in next election,
0 People !-N. O. Harlequin.
Is there a machine?
What kind of a machine?
Is there a patent on the machine.?
Is it a steam machine?
Is.it an electrical machine?
Is it a gasoline machine ?
Is it a sociable machine?
Is it a benevolent machine.
It is a political machine?
Who works the machine?
Are the people stronger than the ma
chine?
Who are the people? What are the
peole?
An unknown quantity-gentle, con
servative; slow to action but when
aroused will smash the machine!
POLITICS AND, JUDICIAL FUNC
TIONS.
What are the chief duties and respon
sibilities of the judicial officers in our
government? The usual coure of judges
is to be retired, and hold themselves
aloof from, all party contentions, and
free from all entangling alliances which
grow out of party politics. The reply
of Judge Parker of the New York Court
of, Appeals to an invitation to attend a
Democratic meeting as a prospective
candidate for president, is to be highly
tcomnended, that was, that he did not
.f" that he ouild take part in the meet
mg on account of his being a judge,
ase dties are it pPiticai l but strictly
jtdiaiaL Suc. a strict rule of official
(onuctz does not- semi to be the camuse
o edges ha { loisiana. We ae the
- bsadple bf two of omr higher judges
5lp them Avesprow a in -seeking
- 'eadbig mstis ortten up
ha theWr i est;; $y belng ptronent
b ar
~~ I mana t
anuy. it fact itis a:bid for something
in the future, which will add to or make
position and office higher and better than
that which they hold, and which will
pass from them.
This principle is conspicuously set
forth in the life and conduct of Sir
Francis Bacon. When as a lawyer, as
an officer of the crown, and as a judge
and chancellor he was a seeker after of
fice. He subscribed to all the arbitrary
power of the king. He prosecuted the
noble Exsex, who had exerted himself to
elevate Bacon to high office. He says to
his friend: "By no means be you per
suaded to interpose yourself either by
word or letter in any case depending in
any court of justice. If it should pre
vail, it perverts justice; but if the judge
be so just and of such courage as he
ought to be, as not to be inclined there
by; yet it always leaves a taint of sus
picion behind it. Like Ovid, he saw and
approved the right, and yet the wrong
pursued. He took bribes and offices and
titles freely bestowed upon him, and
amassed great wealth, for thrift followed
fawning. He became lord chancellor of
England. But the day of reckoning
came at last. A greater power than
royalty was abroad in the land, and be
coming conscious of itself, it disclosed
that the lord chancellor had accepted
large sums of money from litigants in
cases that were depending before him.
It was a pitiful end of a great career,
the just and equitable doom of all intel
lect when it is divorced from conscience.
"If, therefore * * *
Parties allure thee, think how Bacon
shined.
'The wisest, brightest, meanest of man
kind."
What a contrast is shown in the life
and character of Sir Eward Coke, who
was a great lawyer and a great judge.
He gave himself entirely and unreserv
edly to the study of the law, and left his
visible and everlasting impress upon it.
He became chief justice of the court of
common pleas, and subsequently chief
justice of the court of king's bench. In
this position the sterling traits of his
character became apparent. The judge
ships were held at the pleasure of the
king, and a disagreement with him upon
any matter which affected the royal pre
rogative involved the possibility of sum
mary dismissal from the judicial office.
But Coke never permitted a selfish re
gard for his own interest to interfere
with the performance of a public duty.
When upon the suggestion of Arch
bishop Bancroft the king claimed for
himself the right of "judging whatever
cause he pleased in his own person, free
from all risk of prohibition or appeal,"
Coke denied his right to do so, and
quoted from. Bracton: "The king ought
na to be under any man, but is under
God and the law." Finally in a case of
ecclesiastical preferment, Coke with the
concurrence of his associate judges, de
clined to delay the decision of the case
at the command of the king until he
might express to them his views con
cerning it, and rendered jddgment. The
judges were summoned before the king
to explain their conduct, and were un
mercifully scolded by him for their dis
obedience. All of them were bullied into
making acknowledgements, except Coke.
Being asked what he would do in a case
where the king's prerogative was in
volved, he said: "When the case hap
pens I shall do that which shall be fit
for a judge to do. Can we not stop and
ask the question, is there no outside in
fluences, political or otherwise; that has
an influence on judges? Their own con
duct must be an answer to this question.
J. D. ROACH.
Mansfield, Ia., March 18, 1903.
NEWMAN AND HYMAN WERE
ACQUITTED.
The trial of Henry Newman and Har
ris Hyman in New Orleans last week,
for embezzlement, resulted, as the pub
lic expected, in a verdict of acquittal;
not that the evidence was insufficient to
justify a conviction, but that the ma
chinery of justice, as is usual in such
cases, was subordinated to the irresist
ible influence of money.
These men were wealthy cotton fac
tors, who were charged with having
sold cotton at advanced prices and hav
ing accounted to their patrons at re
duced figures, thereby defrauding them
out of thousands of dollars. The discov
ery of the fraud was made by Colonel
Buckner, a large pranter of East Car
roll. Other customers of the firm soon
fotnd out that they also had been vic
timized. They demanded restitution. In
order to avoid litigation and consequent
publicity, they paid Colonel Buckner
$z2ooo. Thy others were paid different
sums aggregating ppward of $ioo,ooo.
A poor devil on trial for stealing a
loaf of bread to appease the gnawing
pangs of husger of his wife and chil
dren, would. have been convicted and
sent up to serve time. But millionaiers
who have stolen Phore than $0oo,Ooo
-ron their too confiding customers, are
relieved fioma all legal responsibility, yet
we are told that the scales of justice are
evear b a ced.-Alexandria Democrat.
Never mind the scales of justice nor
w*ry over the poor devil and the loaf
f b;pdl. The man who so far forgets
as to take a loaf of bread to ap
ase h gsofng ner 4p
i i t a s ,
Harvesting Golden Dollars
t~ jSt's barvess time ALL the lime With the thrifty peope
--.. -;- ~ lo buy their supplies from iMontgolery Ward 4 Co. Yo.
X ý can weap a harvestef gotde4 dottars RIGHT NOW by order+_
iag your Inaptements. fUagon. Haress. Vtothing, Groceries,
Farm sndl IousdeiolCd. r tesi et&. fom ts that you wui
S*eed this yeeak 4Uemav#oeo11do4O eenzts on every dollar's
worth o0 goodt ~o *uo lu &§. vnid Ut sell you only high.
i grade goods z.rat 4 . L N.€ IXF1a.g1 e oSatt4actory service,
SEND FUR C/A~T*LfJt t iILf
CU-T OUT THIS COUPON
fend a4lpue 5WODA6 and gSt ary fur Sping
It wilt save many families more than $100 this yea# b tO e ahe.,roe*, w-.. ., . icao.,
worth reapi:g ? Fitl out the coupon and SEND T.D.0 . 't~a c....h. et ..i.co
M19 Montgo- ery l ard & Co., . _.diciga.M" I .
. as --ms -
stE_
tice being convinced that the man did
steal, must stand mute while the thief,
convicted, accepts the sentence with
resignation. A common thief should ex
pect no clemency whatever; even when
hungry he should not have stolen the
bread. If., in a speculative mood, he had
appropriated the bread, he could not
have been guilty of a crime. The ends
of justice should not be misinterpreted
or misapplied. Justice demands the con
vicion and imprisonment of the thief,
but it should be borne in nrind that when
a gentleman has "speculated" he has
committed no crime. There is a well de
fined. a positive distinction between
stealing and speculation, and therefore
the "scales of justice," etc., should have
no connection with the case criticised by
the Democrat.
And in its comments in the same case
the Homer Guardian-Journal says:
"Newman and Hyman, cotton factors,
were acquitted in New Orleans last
week of the charge of embezzling funds
belonging to Colonel Buckner, a cotton
planter of North Louisiana. The sub
stance of the charge was that the cotton
was actually sold at one price and ac
counted for at a different and less price,
the factors pocketing the difference.
The defendants actually restored to Col
onel Buckner some $25,ooo, and it seems
to us that the evidence clearly estab
lished their guilt. Such verdicts will not
increase the confidence of the country
in the commercial integrity of New Or
leans or in the administration of justice
in that city."
And the Vernon News, alluding to
this case, says: "They proved that it was
no wrong to sell cotton at one price and
return a less amount to the customer.
On the same principle an agent can sell
a house and lot, collect his usual com
mission, and retain half the money be
sides. Great are the New Orleans juries."
And the press of the State, beyond the
limits of Orleans, are fairly jumping on
the New Orleans juries, the courts and
justice. Poor justice! Why not pity
justice? Give justice a rest.
THIRTEEN GUESTS.
WEDDING ANNIVERSARY WITH
THIRTEEN COURSES.
Plates Decorated With Coffins-Walk
Under a Ladder-Broke a Mirror.
Opals Given as Souvenirs.
In a special to the Chicago Tribune is
detailed a wedding anniversary which
was celebrated in Baltimore, Md., on
Friday as follows:
Clinton Peters, a well known portrait
painter, and his wife celebrated the thir
teenth anniversary of their marriage this
evening by a weird entertainment to
their friend.3.
It was a feast in bold defiance of fate
and superstition, due to the thirteenth
anniversary of their marriage coming on
Friday, the thirteenth day of the month.
There are thirteen letters in Clinton
Peters' name. His home is 813 North
Calvert street. The hours of the dinner
w;as 7:15, which figures added up make
13. The aggr,'gate letters in the name of
the Peters" three children, Ruth, Betty
and Jack, are thirteen. Worst of all
Saturn and Uranus are in conjunction,
which is another bad omen.
There was a dainty bow of crepe on
the Peters door bell. The thirteen friends
invited to the dinner came in somber
garb. The dinner consisted of thirteen
courses, and the menu cards, designed by
the artist himself, were in shape of tomb
stones with an appropriate inscription
for each guest, and were decorated with
weeping willows.
Hand painted plates were used with
tiny coffins depicted upon them, and the
napkinswere fitted with heavy black ber
ders for the, occasion. By the plate of
each guest there was a small wreath of
immortelles tied with a slender black
silk ribbon.
When the plates were cleared away
the ites served would have sent a cold
chill up the back of the stperstitious.
The ices were in the shape of individual
skul. with cberries for eyes.
# -ieast a nfowra1 spar&el was.
softly played. To clinch the bad stick
Mr. Peters had brought intotlis parlor
a ladder and each guest walked tinder*
several times. A mirror was produced
and smashed in full view of the eom
pany and all the guests after te dinnca
went into the garden and took a good
long peep at the moon over their-ft
shculders.
The guests received as souvenirs tiny
opal stick pins, this jewel being regarded
as especially unlucky. A black dog and
an equally black cat, the latter a valuable
angora, named respectively Demon and
Satan. mingled among the guests.
Thore who joined Mr. and Mrs. set
ers in their weird feast were Mr. and'
Mrs. J. Vernon Campbell, Miss Camp
bell, Mr. and Mrs. G. Alden Peirson, Dr.
and Mrs. William Lee Howard, Miss
Katharine Grance of Cockeysville. Paul
Winchester, Jerome Pendergast and
James Brown.
WEATHER BULLETIN
The Cold, the Warm and the Storm
* Waves Forecasted.
(Copyrighted 1903 by W. T. Foster.)
Washington, D. C., March 21.-Last
bulletin gave forecasts of disturbance to
cross the continent March 21 to 25.
warm wave 20 to 24, cool wave 23 to 27.
Next disturbance will reach the Pa
cific coast about March 25, cross west
of Rockies by close of 26, great central
valleys 27 to 29, eastern states 30.
Warm wave will cross west of the
Rockies about March 25, great central
valleys 27, eastern states 29. Cool wave
wil cross west of Rockies about March
28, great central valleys 30, eastern
states April I.
This disturbance will not bring a long
continued warm spell but the cold wave
following will be much like winter
weather.
The fall in temperature will be great
as a general average from about March
2j to 30, a little earlier west, later east.
Clustering around March 28 will come
fierce winter storms, reaching well to
the southward, and dufing the last week
of March will seem to indicate a cold,
backward spring.
Next bulletin will give general .fore
casts for April.
My forecast of the great storms, heavy
rains and cold waves for about closing
days of iebruary and first days of
March was a very great success.
CLARA BARTON.
(Conisnued from frst page.)
ENEMIES PERSISTENT AGI
TATORS.
"As already noted, the signers of the
memorial to Congress are, with one ex
ception, citizens of th District of Col
umbia, and most of them are new mem
bers, the most persistent agitator-Miss
Mabel T. Boardman-having been swept
into membership on the flood tide that
brought us the new act of incorporation
of Icoo. Among the suggestions made
by Miss Boardman, in a letter written
to Mrs. John A. Logan, vice president
of the Red Cross, is one providing that
:Miss Barton be relegated to the rear
made honorary president-and an an
nuity arranged for her by Miss Board
man's father and others, amounting to
$2,500o per annum. If anything were
needed to show that Miss Boardman is
a very new element in the Red Cross,
her proposition to pension Miss Barton
would be quite sufficient. For a quarter
of a century Miss Barton has been giv
ing both time and money to the cause of
the Red Cross. She has yet other things
that she intends to give it, but she has
no designs on a pension. I have spoken
of her depleting income, but not of her
impaired fortune. She is a woman of
ample means.
"Had Miss Barton's work been done
from headquarters in New York, Chi
cago, Boston or any American city
other than Washington, it is doubtful
if a clique of people who were new in
the organization, and notre of whom ever
visited a single field where Red Cross
work was under way, for the purpose
of participating in it, would have dared
to raise their voices against her. Wash
ington is surely peculiar i'm respect of
awoduig certain class of people
whose stui, (O$ `6i ss a uc(,rty
constitutes a *4ikisig case )f avvestu*
dev~lopminclt.
NA¶IE .*tIiEN 'IL I EVIR
In conclusion tr. Jhillitps says it Qas
Qometimes se4lcd to ?im that te "st
ny pililoso)lpher, quoted betow, a:ils h bae
had W.asi;ington. i.e I~ed uoss aau
Miss Barton in view whien she said: "
is fast getting to be a vationtiait
among us to forget a marts wotk ..s
soon as he brings it to a point -omn
which some other can procee tox:ato
its- perfect finish. She Other proceefs
-with blart and blaze c# trumpets to lay1
his little cornice or pitch Me roc tong'
since planned ,r ?iim by he STakce of
the mighty foundation, and we watch¶
him from below an# heas him e-ith
praise and glory. And if the rea? b-hild
er, to preserve his own peace, dare !o
iinger ne:* the walls moulded 'om t0he
stufi cf of which his very soul is made, we
find obloquy enough at hand to bury him
uickly out of sight.'
"A year ago, after having served the
Red Cross as its general secretary for
more than twenty years, *declined a re
election, but I can not let this occasion
pass without raising my voice in protest,
for I owe it to myself to defend a wom
an who is being unjustly assailed, and
I have spoken because I owe it also to
the rapidly disappearing fragments of
the Federal armies, which, once every
year, march again to martial music un
der the banner of the Grand Army of
the Republic, and to the memory of
those wearers of both blue and gray,
who, ranging themselves upon the firing
line, when the bugle's blast was heard
by Southern ford and glen, fell and now
sleep beneath the unremembering grass
the deep slumber from which there is no
material awakening. Whether on an
other plane of existence they remember
that when the cold hand of death
stretched toward them, the tender touch
of a woman cooled their fevered brows
-this we may not know. But we do
know that all over this broad land there
are yet living widows and daughters
whose natural protectors perished on the
field of honor and by whose lips the
name of Clara Barton is always spoken
with reverence-women whose hearts
beat in unison with hers and whose souls
and those of the mothers of men,
throughout the earth, are linked with
hers and are in unending tune with the
Infinite."
HEWITT'S SON APPOINTED.
The Mansfield Journal says: Hon.
Phanor Breazeale has appointed Rives
Hewitt, son of Tax Assessor W. B.
Hewitt, to the vacancy from this dis
trict at the naval academy at Annapolis.
No fears are entertained by his teacher,
Prof. Crawford, of Rives' ability to
stand the examination as the young man
stands well in his classes and is ad
vanced in learning for one of his age.
Rives comes of fighting stock: his
grandfather was a brave Confederate
soldier and was severely wounded at
the battle of Mansfield. Whien the nrw
of the appointment vwa received here
Mr. Ilevitt and Rives were heartily
congratnlitcd, a- no d'~i!lt is felt th .
Rives as a cadet an-d a naval o(/.icer
wonuld acquit himself honorabliy nd el
a credit to our town and state.
,V.. like to print for particular people.
5Full 0145EXPRESS
Bottles ONLY $ EXPREPAID
PURE GOLDEN AGE
LINCOLN
We, the Distlllers, gnarantee these goods to be pure and 7 years
old. None better at any price. We will ship in plain boxes to any
address, EXPRESS PREPAI D,at the following distiller's prices.
5 Full Bottles $3.45. 10Full Bottles $6.55. 12 Full Bottles $7.90.
15 Full Bottles $9.70. 25 Full Bottles $15.90.
ree is sssand corkscrew in every box. Your money back if not as represent.ed
AMErO.IC BUPPLY 00., e66 Mdla St., Memphis, Tenn.
Si'. ort o! vital st;a.itics of
porl* w .rek tn lin g March 21,
!aatriages-- ' bite,: .t. H. S
.ihnl iia say: ±i. . Ilhorne and
'.\Vas : U i'. IRo.s andi Lillian Go:
olorefd': ! Edwards and Papia
J. Jaetson and VWinston.
;i tms-1r bjite: . N. He
'wife boy;C. 1 lamelc and wife,
ore: E. Bennett and wife. girl;
Ion and woife girl; L'. Parhon
toy : x.. White and wife. girl;
an( wife. boy: . \V. Worm
wife, boy..
a Still Births-E. Lee and wife,
S)eatns--\\hite: Gladys G
1 :ears: T. ,. Bullock, 58 years;
Dockmary 27 years. Colored:
go years: Eliza Emerson, 19 y
Taylor, 8o years; Joe Hawkins,
Carrie lones 27 years: Mary H
`years. iWhite: Mrs. Sam Weav
ity ilospital-Mexican: Joe Ge
-etars. Black R. Ross. 24 years,
Ford. 35 years.
eauses of death: Bromo p
diarrhoea, pneumonia, burn, s
heart disease, senile debility,
tion 3, la grippe, mitral insuffici
Summary of Deaths: Deaths
causes 8, white 3, colored 5, mA
male 4, over 60 years of age 3.
Of the above 3 died at hospi
J. C. EGAN, Health
TILLMAN'S COLORED F
The Richmond (Va.) Times
says: Senator Tillman has on
tation in South Carolina a ne
Joe Gibson. who has lived with
thirty y-ears. Joe has charge of
ises, carries the keys and takes'
everything in Mr. Tillman's a
speaking of this man the other
senator said: "I don't know w
belong to Joe, or Joe belongs
Anyhow, we have been together
ty years, and we have agreed to
gether until one or both of us.
when I go away, if I go first,
he will shed as sincere a tear
body. I would die to protect
injustice or wrong."
And this is one of the type
the "Southern gentleman-old.
and old missus" will soon be a
The old-time negro, the fai
servant and his friend are bound
which can be severed by death.
All honor to the old "Joes" wl
day will receive their reward in
WINNFIELD PUBLISHING
The Winnfield Publishing
has been organized with a capita
of $500ooo, of which W. F. M
president and J. H. Cosgrove is
manager. This company will
first class newspalper and job
plant. The new publication will
liThe Coimrnade, with which Mr.
was connected. Mlr. Cosgrove is
Nat.:Chitchc and i., well and fav
.-.in,,in throughout the State. He
ex-rierw ie d :ew palcr m.n and
wiil every dntall oif "t prnting
T'l i -e -c 'elntlenwn . ,I iF cnmpa
,'resb3
i . ... . . ' " ·.- . . ciatt
\ '.. .., . . .,, - . . " , I ,', i -; retui