** amesin wmepsin a* e. os care Chilns ..e
FD , Net and baurnal Tre.Uals.
Dees Det Coetmia Q freise Other Peson.hJ
Dee. Net lajare the Stomach Neo rfhet the Heariag
R W. A. MeLtrty & Son. DimneBox. Tez., sa: Ramon's Pepain Chill Tonic is the
best we have ever ha'ndled. Mv son prescribes it in his practice, and says it la
the onl tU Toni which a child can take without injury to the stomach."
Prise so BROWN MFG. CO., Propvr'. Greemeville. Tems.
TO ThEPUBLIC:
You are hereby notified that I -ill
keep open
Night and Day
hh Except Sunday, and will deliver
Paints, Oils, Varnish. Wall Paper.
4- Etc., at any time. I have determ
b fined to keep in the lead and don't
F you forget it. Ring Phone 88.
A ..WELLMAN
IK
K C. HARDMAN,
Wholesale and Retail
umber, Shingles, Sash,
Doors, Blinds and General House
Finishing, Goods.
*FFICE sad SALESROOMS, cor. Spr lag sad Crockett.
LUMBER YARD. cor..Lake sad McNeil Ste. ahreveport, La.
KLAU LIO0 AND GR O0EIY (0'.
.IMITEN,
Corner Texas and priug Streets.
MbADQUARTERS POP
Fine Whiskies. Brandies, Imported L Domestic Cigars,
Gins, Wines and Sundries, Best & Most Popular Brand:
to Leoon sm Z nowm s l* n Lnss
'Trads sollelted. Prompt 4 *sttdsftctoty stt3no w ev all order~s
LmSTANsMDOT TOPLETEBUGQYACTORY YW EARTH WRITE FOR
CEO AIC
Oiu Goams Amr -re BEST-r
OUR PwC TIE LOWeST
asu rasc .. saLE NICKS, VIro-ers W d eo a Treas
DIRECTORS:
8 8 fALr EICKS, 7 Ho0sMan, w P (lEAsE.
f VEm I&., G HTEV'ENSON
TIMHICKS COMPANY
:1MITEl)
holesale Grocers
and Cotton Factors.
OQe sad Warehouse, Corner Spring and Travis
and Texas and Commerce Streets
IILSIOD 1Bs.D GosisCo
OLUSIVEILY WHOldIBAL DEALsRS IN
Notions, Boots, Shoes. Hats
.IXN Stres _ ' N.w York O&oe, 77 Frsamla Stre.
UP TO DATE FURS AND HATS.
Craze For Tall Trimmings and Re
turn to Ligbtweightt Millinery.
To set- the new fuss one would think
that the animals had devoted all the
surnorer ti raising ta ls and that every
one of rhern had not Iecti content until
be or she had tiroduced anywhere from
two to ten. Every single cape, collar
or stole has from two to a round dozen,
and no one (an say that they are not
pretty, lut the thought of those little
animals with the wonderful array of
tails will keep conming into one's mind.
Several new kinds and designs of neck
wear are shown this week, and they
are unusually attractive. In one short
ride In the park I saw as many
different varieties and shapes of furs
as there were women, from a superb
Russian crown sable of great length to
a shabby little collarette, evidently
made over by the unskilled hands of
the wearer, who was quite an old lady
and who bore about her the look of one
who had seen better days. There was
a collarette of stone marten with a col
lar high enough to have been set on
some fine. long coat, and yet the collar
was all there was to It-that is, except
the tails, and there were enough of
them. This is intended to be worn with
short Jacktkts, itons and tailor suits in
genie- itl.
More dressy are the fancy capes
which are bordered with fur of some
contrasting color. One had a high col
lar and a short yoke reaching scarcely
to the top of the shoulder, and this part
was of seal. The whole was bordered
all around with a band four inches
deep of mink. From the front fell two
1long stole ends of the mink, and to the
ends of these were attached four beau
tiful tails. By the way this was cut it
made a scallop in the front, and the
border sat up high at the shoulders. It
is the newest Idea I have seen this
month. A very pretty fancy black
marten stole collar had eight tails, four
at the neck and four at the ends. This
is especially adapted to young folks.
Some handsome Persian jackets had
deep revers and stort collars of mink.
This is a favorite fur, and it is made
so that the natural stripe comes right
in the center of each rever. I saw a
few capes with Persian, astrakhan and
seal yokes and deep borders of glossy
monkey fur. This fur has not been
seen for some years, but It is a hand
some one and for muffs is especially
pretty. One very swell young lady
had an Eton jacket of seal, and the
1
sTYLISU OOLLtArra,
collar, revers and bottom as well as
the sleeves were scalloped and bound
with black Persian. It only remained
tot the revers and facing of the collar
to be made of sable to have produced
the most sumptuous of all the street
costs.
If any one should ask me what is the
most popular style in hats or even
what the newest millinery is, it would
puzzle me to answer: Everything goes.
Felt divides the favor with velvet and
feather creations. I saw a very odd
turban. Black crow feathers were sew
ed or pasted on to cloth and then made
into a double bow. This was laid flat
so that it covered all the brim, and it
was fastened in the center with a large
and handsome jeweled buckle. For a
trimming there was a bow of many
loops set so that It covered all the
crown, and this was of fluorescent silk
in three shades of soft old rose. The
turban was therefore wide, but not
high. The felt hats are shown in all
the season's shades and colors.
The jaunty rikkitikki hats are much
affected by the smart set, and really
nothing could be prettier. The Aiglbn
and tricorne with its gold braid are
both stylish, but not suited to every
face. One rich hat for a dowager had
a brim of mink fur, and the crown.
which was plaited, was of black vel
vet and stood up at least five Inches,
like a basket. Around the upper part
of the plaits were two rows of gold
cords, and a lot more was twisted
around the joining of the crown and
brim. The brim was quite wide, and
all to all this was a splendid bat. I
have neticed one thing-that the nat
ural revulsion of feeling in favor of
smaller and lighter hats has begun to
set in and that many ladies are ap
pearing in hats not much more than
half the size of those offered earlier in
the season. Some of those certainly
weighed heavily enough to warrant
the wearer a beaschbe in half an hour.
IIK. . aSlZTrZ Rovzsaeu.
MISSISSIPPI'S GREAT WALL.
I An Interesting Prehistoric Work the
Origin el Which Is a Mystery.
One of the scientific puzzles of the stae
of Mksisisippi i. tie "Brandywine sto:.e
wall." It his long been a problem that
is S t unslvsed. Soule time ago NI;.
Th.)as Watson of lHazlehbrst sent Gov
ernor Lngino a pen i drawin^ of an
immenso pile of stone in the southeast
ern portion of Cl'Iiborie county, suggest
inc that the stone miiiht be utilized in
building the new capitol. In a ktter
which acc"nmpanied the drawing Mr.
Watson stated that these stones, piled
high on each other, cover an area four
miles square. Each stone is 6 feet
long, 3 feet wide and 2 feet thick,
and they are joined together with an ex
cellent qualhty of cement. No man knows
how they cane there. They may have
been there for thousands of years. The
builders, the Jackson News thinks, were
some prehistoric race-it could not he
otherwise. This structure is supposed to
be a continuation of the great Chinese
wall, which seems to begin below Ray
mond, in the southern part of Hinds
county, and which is traceable through
Copiah. It is broad enough to accommo
date two or three wagons abreast and Is
one of the wonders of the world.
"Mention of this remarkable exhibit,"
says the Hlazleburst Courier, "has elicited
no little coulment-in fact, has brought a
letter to Mr. Watson from the warden of
the United States penitentiary at Leaven
worth, Bani., and also a letter to Dr. T.
B. Birdsoung from another distinguished
source, it being known that the latter
some years ago investigated the matter.
Mr. Watson, however," says The Cou
rier, "has given the subject more patient
thought and gone over the ground more
thoroughly than any one else, and to
him The Courier is indebted for the fol
lowing facts:
"lie calls it the 'Brandywine stone
wall' and says this wonderful and mass
Ive structure or parts of structure of
masonry done in stone, which have with
stood the ravages of time for perhaps
many thousands of years, still stand an
enduring relic of a prehistoric civiliza
tion and a knowledge of the art of build
Ing not inferior in many respects to the
present day. These stone buildings lie
for the most part buried in the earth in
the southeastern portion of Claiborne
county and lying against the Copiah
county line on the slopes overlooking the
valley of the Brandywine creek from the
west side.
"These walls run from northeast to
southwest, They are built of white or
grayish white stone of immense size,
weighing from two to three tons, measur
ing from 6 to 8 feet in length and 3
feet wide by 2 feet thick. These blocks
or slabs are laid in a very fine quality
of cement and as perfectly as brickwork.
The joints are perfect and very close.
"At one place the wall Is exposed by
the earth being washed Away to 0 width
of 60 feet and a length of yK feet. This
exposure has the appearance at g brick
hearth.
"At anot! er place the stone has been
quarried for domestic use to a depth of
three layers of slabs, which Is 6 feet,
a width of 24 feet, or eight blockl, and
a length of 25 blocks, or 150 feet, Tbe
length of this wall as indicated by the
croppiags is about 1,000 feet.
"At another place about 500 yards
away from the place just mentioned is
a wall jutting from under a slope for a
distance of nearly 2,000 feet. This stone
work Is exposed in a great many places
over an area of four miles.
"The sides and angles of the blocks of
stones are so perfect that they resemble
pressed brick. Tbe tops of these walls
are perfectly hoizizontai and without re
gard to the unevenness of the earth's
surface. The seams between the tiers
are perfectly straight, and each block of
stone is perfectly horizontal in position,
and these blocks are smoothly dressed on
the edges and tpdsj wlile the broad sur
faces are rough, showtn¶ a broken sir
t j bhrought down to a level plane, but
hot dreadf4. - . held firmly
togeth r by thcemin to tiat s witi
t t l® l p bat the are broken up.
perbobd fl &or bt these great
structures ast tb lie pDatly burled in
the earth would relieve the minds of the
most skeptical of all doubt of their not
being the work of the hands of man.
"In all that is above mentioned In
conenectlon with numerous eaviugs in of
the earth's crust, which represent the
existence of underground caverns, -abun
dant evidence Is. found to bear out the
theory of the egistence of a great burled
city In that localltf.
S"The Information abote tivedi is rptich
ed for'by other parties *hti bati *ishted
the scene aInrecent years and beart ou4
the theory advanced by Mr. Watinso4
Truly there is work . for the scientist
here."-New Orle~as Picayune.
044 Cent Pelee".
Analysts of human nature valily seek
at adequate explanation of the species of
mesmerism that odd cent prices exercise
on buyers. D)eparttment stores have long
iseed them to whet the proverbial femi
nine appetite for bargains, but the cus
tom is now so widespread among
clothiers, haberdashers and hatters as to
merit consideration. What are the cari
caturists and penny a liners, who have
poked no end of fun at the gentle sex for
yielding to the subtle fascination of 98
cents and $1.48, to do when men's suits
are offered for $9.99, hats for $1.67 and
ties for 23 cents? Alas for the man-s
facturers of humor, cruelly deprived of
one of their chief sources of revenue!
Seriously, however, the spread of the odd
cent idea is to be deprecated. It has a
catchpenny savor that is antagonistic to
dignified trading and suggests the street
hawker. Fixed prices in round numbers
accord best with straightforward meth
ods of selling goods.-Clothier and Haber
dashers' Weekly.
The Severeigns of Europe.
Physically many uf the sovereigns of
Europe would come under the general
classification of "squatty." The new king
of Italy is 5 feet 3 inches tall, but still be
is not the shortest sovereign. The czar
of all the Iusstas is only 5 feet 2 inches.
The Prince of Wales is 5 feet 4 inches.
Pictures of him give the impression that
he is a much taller man, but that is be
cause his royal highness knows bow to
pose before a camera. In a group he se
lects a position in the rear line, where he
can stand on a box, or else he steps to
one end of the front line and a little in
advance of the others. Perspective does
the rest. He weighs 237 pounds in spite
of all precautions and "cures" he can
take. He wears an 181k collar, has a
chest measurement of 43 inches, a 34
inch length of arm, a waist of 43 or 44
inches and a trousers leg of 30 inches.
The fat king's prize belongs to the king
of Portugal, who is only 5 feet 6 inches
tall and weishs 308 pounds.-Argonaut.
OUR CONGRESS.
It I. the Most Interesting Body of
Men In the World.
"The congress of the United States is
the most interesting body of men in the
world," writes L. A. Coolidge in Ains
lie's. "It comes nearer to being a rep
resentative body than any other that
ever existed. It is the microcosm of the
republic, presenting in concentration all
the extraordinary peculiarities of the na
tion whose work it is selected to perform.
Its average of ability is higher thou that
of any other parliamentary body on
earth. Each of its membecs represents
a larger constituency than is represented
by any single member of a European
parliament, and with very few excep
tions each member is a good representa
tive of the constituency for which he
stands. Those who sneer at congress
and congressmen sneer at the voters who
selected them. Luckily that sort of thing
is going out of fashion. People are be
ginning to appreciate congress for what
it really is, and it is getting better all
the time.
"There are very few members either
of the house or of the senate who are
not of native birth. To be exact, there
are just 16 representatives and 6 sena
tors who were not born in the United
States. In the Fifty-sixth congress, curi
ously enough, one of the members is
Henderson, the speaker, who is a Scotch
man. But he is as genuine an Ameri
can as there is in the land. Considering
the proportion of foreign to native born
in the United States, the percentage is
insignificant, especially when it is re
membered that the average member of
congress is one who has been given to
moving about the world and shifting his
environment. Out of 352 members of
the present house only 217 represent the
states in which they were born, and of
this number only a few live in the con
gressional district where they first saw
light. The average congressman is a
hustler. LIP has been ambitious or else
he would never have found his present
place. That he has been successful in
some measure goes without saying, and
the fact that so many of them have bro
ken away from their'early surroundings
and have gained new successes in new
fields simply goes to show something of
the energy and force that have helped
to make the American congress what it
as.
"The average length of a career in con
gress is four years. At the beginning of
every congress about one-third of the
members of the house are new to the
business. It is a rare thing for a mem
bet to wake any sort of a mark in legis
lation before be has been in the house at
least two full terms, and those who have
forced theasselves above the surface be
lore the close of a single term can almost
be counted on the fingers of one hand.
The ordinary congressman comes and
goes and leaves no trace behind him, ex
cept on the salary vouchers. The man
who stays In the house for more than two
terms has a fair chance of wielding a lit
tle influence. He gets his name into The
Congressional Record once in awhile, he
Is recognised by the speaker occasionally,
and It he Is unusually lucky the newspa
pers take him up and sometimes give him
a headline all to himself. There are 134
members of the presen't house who are
serving their third term or better. Of
these 25, at a generous estimate, are so
well known that their names might carry
some meaning outside their orn state.
The work of a congressman is thankless
enough. It brings nothing Ip the way of
money, little in the way of reputation.
except in rare lIstances, and a vast
amount of drudgery. A man must be is
the harness for years generally before he
amounts to anything, and by, the time he
begins to count in legislation he has lost
his enthusiasm and spirit and becomes a
pack horse. Once in awhile, at. rare In
tervals, there is a flash across the dull
legislative sky like a meteor, and a sad
deg reputation is made for a new man.
That was tht w with Bryan when he
eongreaw sa...yisia'j "E ,u(0 f ~
ety with a speech on the tariff that daz
sled everybody. Littlefield of Main.
made an even more effective stroke last
winter with bis argument against the un
i tatlbg of the Mormon Roberts. Thee
are the most striking etamples In recent
yeai', of retfutations qukly made. Away
back In the Il'itty-thlrd congress Lafe
Penice cainiht the- housse In the first week
*after he took his seat with I free silver
speech. It is significant that those who
thus make a dramatic entrance In the
house rarely count for much in la'gislation
afterward. flryan never had any infiu
eve.', and a1l tbe while he staid in con
qr *t looked on as a rood talker
Si ~ithiu more'. Towtne frittered him
self aiwa* after his siver speech, and as
Ifor tate P~tick. who hand black type in
Ithe newspspets for. A few, days after his
maiden effort, It If herd nowadays to
find anybody who and remnimber his
name." -___
Church Attendance.
Allowing for local peculiarities, bearing
In mind that the drift from country into
town will leave some places spiritually
poor. I believe that the average church
attendance will rate higher at the open
ing of this century than that of the last
did at its beginning.
"Other days!" Hear Parson Manesseh
Cutler down in Hamilton. Mass., be
moaning on an April fast the condition
of the country. Out of a book, its pages
yellow with years. I quote: "The Chris
tian Sabbath is an inestimable privilege
to the church of Christ and highly bene
ficial to civil society. But is not the de
sign of this day shamefully perverted?
Is not public worship notoriously neglect
ed? Is not the Sabbath to many the
most useless and burthensome day of the
week?" That was in "good old" 1799. I
have not the least doubt that from his
high pulpit tower the faithful shepherd
looked down into the square pews like
folds for the sheep and gratefully recog
sized the attendanc a of the faithful of
his flock, but how many were as perverse
sheep upon the mountain, both absent
and astray!-Christian Intelligencer.
The Jerusalem we see today is not the
one that gladdened the eyes of the holy
family journeying from Nazareth to wor
ship in the temple. That city lies buried
40, 50, sometimes over 100, feet deep in
wastage piled in the overthrow of many
sieges. The crimson banner of the Mos
lem floats above the tower of David,
used as barracks, and the Turkish senti
nel pacing his rounds looks with ineffabl
scorn on the Christian. The cruimbbg
tower of Antonia. the citadel of the tem
ple, is occupied by the governor of Jeru
salem, and, if possession counts in the
law. it is his right, for he held it before
William the Conqueror was crowned with
the Saxon's crown in Westminster abbey.
-Mrs. Lew Wallace in Ladies' Home
FORTY CHILDREN DRWNED
They W'eot Through Ice While Skating
Near Whit Cheer, Ia.
Des Moo e-, Dec. 2b.-A midnight tel*
ephone me save from the telephone
operator at Wiar C her to the operator
in Des Moines said that 40 school chil
dren had been drowned near there. Im
mediately thereafter it b eiane inipoessi
ble to reach Whai Cheer by telephone.
Says the Report True.
Des Moines, D ýc. ;'S -Telephone mes
sages by way of Oskaloosa and Ottum
wa say the report of the drowning of the
drowning of 40 school children at What
Cheer is true.
The children were, skating on a pond
near the fa r grounps and it occurred
about 9 u'c ock last evening.
MURDER AND SUICIDE.
John W. Tensley Shoots to Death Hia
Wife and Suieides.
Los Angeles, Dec. 28.-John W. Tins.
ley shot and killed his wife. Anna P.
Tinsley, on the street Thursday and
then fired a bullet into his own head,
dying instantly. The oouple were mar
ried at Van Buren, Ark., Jan. 2, this
year. Tinsley represented himself -as
possessor of property in Helena, Mont.,
to the value of $75,000. His wife had
$400 in cash and a house and lot in
Jackson, Tenn., valued at $21100. This
latter her husband induced her to sac
rifice for $1800 and five days after marri
age they came to Los Angeles on a
honeymoon trip, the expenses of which
were defrayed by Mrs. Tinsley. From
here they went to Mineral Wells, Tex.,,
and on Aug. 28, reached Excelsior
Springs, Mo. There Tinsley induced
his wife to tranfer to him the $700 that
remained of her money and told her he
must go to Helena to settle up his
affairs.
After his departure she found that he
had also taken a diamond ring and stad
valued at $400. She received a telegram
from him later dated at Los Angeles, in
which he acknowledged that he had de
ceived her in regard to his wealth and
that she would see him no more. She
followed him here and filed suit for the
recovery of $1100 and this lead to the
tragedy. It is alleged Tinsley had a
wife living in Montana.
Taken as a national index of character
dress is the outward sign of a people'
peculiar genius. Their square, graceless
scant clothes were as characteristic o
the Egyptians as their pyramids an
obelisks. The loose, ample robes o
Asiatics are the natural drapery of of
luxurious temperament. The elegance or
the ancient Greek costume was the rai
ment of a race to whom form was mora
than color. The homeliness of Saxon
fashions, the rude magnificence of Nor
man barons, the picturesque gartl of the
Scoteb clans-indeed, a4 national cos'
tumes-hig 4 (qr deeper significaneq
thn van ty4 9 ad some Daniel will yet
arise who .abls judge the centuries b>
t the way In which they have dressek
themselves. d
More familiar to as Is tfie cosaical
change going on under our own eyes, a
t change that, as a siga of our eta, Is quite
as remarkable as any indicswtd--}.ho
rapid disappearance of all national a14
I class costumes. The pretty, sultabi
t dresses that clothed the peasantry of a
countries are being rapidly abandon
I and men and women grow more and mo
cosmopolitan in matters of attire. Ii.
* every land women now wea~tlaMsa
jowns and bon ti d every
ble non !tht toýp osedf r
a tweed suit Slid a driy t. !s
means much more than 'tot and *an
I ity. It means the jsindjp to r
the demor!Ltj Mill of al d sTgi aJyzx
bols of slavery, feudalism and man's in- 1
equality. It means that men and womes
are everywhere throwing off the bondage
of caste and asserting through their coats
and bats and dresses that one human
being is just as good as another.
Now, if dress has suth a prDnoun
apd wide agjtional significanes, its per.
I nal power is even more remarkable.
We are all influenced, not only by what
others wear, but by what we wear ou'
selves. The busineis suit of good, dart
tweed, the white, one linen, the stif oP
lar and cuffs, five a kind of moral sop'
port and inspire coafdeuce. A lIosed
careless dress conduces to a loose, care"
less habit of mind. There Is ! positive
value in the different suits that mesa
wear, because they are a positive help ts
the frame of mind necessary for the
occasion.
A suit that is associated with the re
epect due to the sanctuary is best for,
that purpose. There 1p a sober, respect
able dress that fits naturally into business
moods; another that seems proper-be
cause usual-in formal festivities; an
other of loose, easy comfort for domestie
relaxation and rest.
A man's happiness-yea, his success
In a far greater measure than is suspect
ed depends upon such auxiliaries. And
it may be taken as an axiom that a mati
careless as to his dress will be careless
about every other matter. And there is
no excuse for such a one at this day, for
in spite of criticism the male dress of oun
period is sensible and healthy and highly)
conducive to comfort and happiness. The
soft hat, the easy coats, the light flannel
garments and soft ties permissible in hot
weather, leave nothing to be desired, es
pecially as men have generally abandoned
black, the most unhealthy of all colors.
The fundamental theory of clothes.
then, asserts the existence of harmony)
between human beings and their artificial
covering, and also harmony between hu
man beings and the work in which they
are occupied or the circumstances int
which they are placed. Will Honeycomb
says that he "can tell the humor a wom
an Is in by the color of her hood." The
saying is a profound one, and if hus
bands woult make a study of their wives'
ribbons tad gowns and toilet peculiarities
they - ght avoid ninny matrimonial blun
der . I knew once a very wise man who
/*Rays went softly and considered his
words well when his wife came to the
breakfast table in a certain red shawl. E
have not th, slightest doubt that an indi
vidual observance of this sympathy be
tween dre-s and moods would save many
a domestic quarrel and so conduce to
much happiness. - Amelia E. Barr 15
Christian I1:rald.