THE CAUCASIAN.
Official Journal of the
City of Shreveport.
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 8, 1903.
NOMINATIONS BY PRIMARIES.
The system of nomination by white
Democratic primaries of all candidates
from governor to constable, besides
giving the most humble and weak mem
bers of the party direct voice in the
selection of public officials, will prove
to be an educator of the masses of the
people and a training school for candi
dates. Primaries will force all candi
dates to appear before the people for the
discussion of public men and matters,
and this discussion will familiarize the
people with public'men and affairs.
Monrbe News.
The nominations by primaries has
been a hobby of the Caucasian. For
years we have advocated this system
against the "cut and dried" convention.
It is now time for the forceful agita
tion of this question. Why should the
politicians dominate over the people
who have the power if they would exer
cise it intelligently. The people should
Isow and have the right to know where
sabd the gentlemen who are seeking
ic.
FAVORS PRIMARIES.
If the nomination of State officers is
to be made by a convention, the nomi
natio has already been made, and we
wo-.~. prefer not to make a fool of our
self over the matter. If the press of
isiana will stand together and de
that the people be consulted about
~ s shall rule over them, the demand
l tbe regarded, and something like de
politics will obtain in our great
.us a.primary election, gentlemen.
us w.death."-St. Helena Echo.
pi y system is growing in
St will soon become so power
be isesistible. The people must
B.!IGHT FOR PRIMARIES.
rian-Journal, published in
CIBorne parish, in urging
O prim.ry elections, says:
M k State are really in
IbI, matter, then
thing to do
and support
:When that is done
will at once become a
Until it is done, it can
~ ~ to rise to the dignity of
T.he one way to win the
F iy, ries, and for that still
dething, complete home
self-mgovernment, is thor
It is the way to cer
Then why not organize and
R0ft GOVERNOR.
sas:. "If Michel stays
race he will have
butait-will be awfully
S&ce-bold'rs and seekers.
to subscribe to two cam
nd play8 Michel and Blan
4 favites. None of them
~ ac oe out boldly on the
press and advocate one
~i other. Michel's can
Sthe~ 'sweat blood' lit
atard man to beat. With
aehind him he can't be
Sdemonstrate conclu
and hold New Or
on's support in
will quit Blanchard
to him. He is popular
and he-is strong with
althe, peqtle are getting
th"ir adidates selected
* lipwers that be, and two t
dhrane~, at that. But
ipat: h s ~ rted for the
i .i. positive assur-I
If t ainthe race to the
W6 will solicit and ob
thbe peop)e and then
it o.f under pressure,
ai nc and pros
sat deserves to be
a ie o .ices in this E
t ~te eletive. The peo
-'a+ who shall and 1
04lial h local affairs. A
to thie people and td
to ti people. Louis
ud -theres is no it
1IUI4ecies.-Iber,
G due Governor a
sa kFee the W
rest in
The el
the people
net ti
..votes in
AN ORDINANCE
Fixing voting places and appointing
commissioners and clerks of elec
tion for each ward to serve in the
following elections: (I) Submit
ting the question of incurring debt
and issuing bonds therefor for the
improvement and pavement of
streets and alleys in the city of
Shreveport. (2) Submitting the
question of incurring debt and issu
ing bonds for the purchase of
ground and erecting thereon a city
hall in the city of Shreveport. (3)
Submitting the question of granting
to the Kansas City. Shreveport and
Gulf Railway Company the right to
use, occupy and otherwise obstruct
Spring street between blocks D and
J of block 67, or Roland Jones ad
dition, in the city of Shreveport,
and also the alley in said block I).
(4) The question of granting to the
Shreveport Base Ball Association
the right to use, occupy and other
wise obstruct the alley north of
Walnut street in Parkview subdi
vision between Park avenue and
Sycamore street, in the city of
Shreveport. (5) The question of
incurring debt and issuing nego
tiable bonds for the purpose of lay
ing and constructing a storm sewer
on Crockett, Louisiana. Marshall
and McNeil streets, and a storm
sewer on Edwards and Travis
streets, also a storm sewer froml in
tersection of Lawrence street and
Texas avenue to intersection of
Christian and Travis streets. Said
elections to be held on Tuesday,
May 12, 1903; also prescribing the
form of ballots to be used, duty of
registrar to furnish list of taxpay
ers entitled to vote. fixing the hour
for the opening and closing of the
polls and disposition to he made of
returns, and appointing the day on
which the council shall convene to
canvass the returns and declare the
results of said elections.
Section I. Be it ordained by the city
council, in legal and regular assembly
convened, that the following polling
places in the city of Shreveport (being
the same polling places at which the
last election in this city was held)
be and are hereby fixed as the polling
places at which shall be held the elec
tions on Tuesday, May the 12th, 1903.
already ordered, for voting (I) on the
proposition to issue four (4) per cent
thirty (30) year bonds to the amount
of one hundre' and eighty-eight thous
and ($i88,ooo.oo) dollars to be paid by
a special tax of two and one-eighth
(2 1-8) mills per year for thirty (30)
years, or so such a smaller number of
years as may be necessary, for paving
and improving the streets and alleys of
the city of Shreveport. (2) On the
proposition to issue four (4) per cent
twenty (20) year bonds to the amount
of ninety thousand ($9o,ooo.oo) dollars,
to be paid by a special tax of one and
one-fourth (i 1-4) mills per year for
twenty (20) years, or such a smaller
number of years as may be necessary,
for purchasing ground and building
thereon a city hall for the use and bene
fit of said city. (3) On the ouestion of
granting to the Kansas City, Shreveport
and Gulf Railway Company the right
to use, occupy' and otherwise obstruct
Sring street between blocks D and J
of block 67, or Roland Jones addition,
in the city of Shreveport, and also the
alley in said block D. (4) On the ques
:ion of grantine to the Shreveport Base
Ball Association the right to use, occu
,v and otherwise obstruct the alley
north of Walnut street in Parkview
subdivision between Park avenue and
Sycamore streets, in the city of Shreve
nort. (5) On the question of incurring
debt and issuing negotiable bonds for
the purpose of laying and constructing
a storm sewer on Crockett, Louisiana,
Marshall and McNeil streets, and a
storm sewer on Edwards and. Travis
streets; also a storm sewer from inter
section of Lawrence street and Texas
avenue to intersection of Christian and
Travis streets, and in order to pay
therefor, to issue four (4) per cent
thirty (3o) year bonds to the amount of
twenty thousand ($2o,ooo.oo) dollars, to
be paid by a special tax of one-fourth
(1-4) of one mill per year for thirty
(30) years, or such a fewer number of
years as may be necessary; also that the
following commissioners and clerks of
said election at each polling place be
and are herehv n5,,ni." A
Ward I of City-Engine house on
Travis street: Commissioners, Ben
White, H. A. Winter, Ben Landman;
clerk, M. A. McCutchen.
Ward 2 of City-Court house: Com
missioners, Jules Dreyfuss, J. McW.
Ford. H. F. Doll; clerk, F. R. Callaway.
Ward 3 of City-J. D. Pace's old
shop, now occupied by C. C. I-ardman
& Co.: Commissioners, W. H. Williams,
S. Goldstein, G. A. Turner; clerk, Wal
ter Marburg.
Ward 4. of City-Bickham's store on
Jordan street: Commissioners. W. A.
Mabry, J. F. Welch, F. W. Palis; clerk,
M. Dingle.
Ward 5 of City-Charles Stoer's store
on Texas avenue: Commissioners, Wil
liam Lowe, W. S. Penick, Jr., D. B.
Hamilton; clerk, V. L Fulton.
Ward 6 of city-E. Sudlin's old store
on Plank Road: Commissioners, W. G.
Wadley, Dr. John P. Scott, Lee Gul
lett; clerk, Robert R. Emory.
Ward 7 of city-Snell & Stokes store
on Texas avenue: Commissioners, F. H.
Rosenblath, W. A. Troegel, W. C. AI
ston; clerk, Ernest Laenger.
Ward 8 of city-Luchini's old barber
shop on Plank Road: Commissioners.
A. Benoit, Elias Lake, D. H. Cas
tle; clerk, RL J. Porter.
Sec. 2. Be it further ordained, that
it shall be the duty of the registrar of
voters to furnish the commissioners ap
pointed to hold said elections with a list
of taxpayers entitled to vote in person
or by proxy at such elections, together
with the valuation of each taxpayer's
property, as shown by the assessment
roll last made and filed prior to said
elections.
Set 3. Be it further ordained, that
the form of ballots to be voted at said
election in favor of incurring debt and
issuing bonds for the improvement and
iing of strevnd alleys in the city
of Shreveport-shall be as follows:
"For tthe pronsition submitted to the
rea = the prOperty taxpars th
61 ~ep~p,4 a~, yqa~suo
Travis from IMarket to Comnmn. t
Fannin from McNeil to Commerce. of r
Caddo from Mar!:et to alley rear of saint
Ardis & Go. Se
Cotton from Marshall to Texas ave- the
nue. elect
Commerce from Cotton to Lake. issui
Spring from Bridge to Battle. grou
Spring front Caddo to Travis. shall
Market from Cotton to Jones. "
Marshall from Travis to IDavis. vote
Edwards from Travis to Crockett. city
McNeil from Travis to Cotton. adul
Louisiana street from Travis to to ii
lexas street. ($o0
Comminon from Travis to Cotton. pure
Louisiana street from Lake street to cost
Louisiania avenue. or si
Louisiana avenue froi,a Louisiana sary,
street to D)onovan street. cost
Donovan street from Louisiana ave- dolla
nue to south line of Carter subdivision. ie i
I)onovanl street extension from south rest
line Carter subdiv\ision to Jordan street. iue
\Vestern avenue from Sprague to the
Ilone street. doll
Hope from \Western avenue to Texas for
tvinute. data
Atnna from W.estern avenue to Pierre able
ventue. (4)
Allen avenue from Anna to Garden. t,, p
Garden from Allen avenue to Pierre cial
tvenute. mill
Jordan from Texas avenue to I'ierre se
avenue.
V inston from Jordan to Murphy. wit:
Southern avenue from Jordan to I)a- 190
shiell. 1910
Jacobs street from Fairfield avenue to or a
Southern avenue. for
Lacy from Fairfield avenue to South- the
?rn avenue. g-ots
Fairfield avenue from Dashiel to prov
First street. at d;
Irving place from Jordan to Olive. f s;
Jordan from Irving place to Creswell. TI
Stoner avenue from Louisiana ave- Isitie
.tue to Greenwood cemetery entrance. for 1
Christian street from Spr:;gut to :ng
Texas avenue. lows
Egan from Louisiana avenue to Cres- ..A
well. to tl
Texas Road from Cedar to corpora- the
'ion line. nane
Murphy from Winston to Greenwood. Man
Jones from Spring to Commerce. thou
And to issue negotiable bonds of the .tose
said city to the extent of one hundred _itv
and eighty-eight thousand ($188.ooo) Iolla
lollars, for said purpose, running for a he nI
teriod of thirty (30) years, to he dated hall
January I, 1903, with interest payable lars
;erni-annttually, at the rate of four (4) is ir
ier cent per annum: and, in order to shall
say same, to levy and assess a special to is
ax of two and one-eighth (2 1-8) city
mills on the dollar per annum on the t,
aesesable pronerty of the city of runn
Shreveport, fo rthe following years, to- (2o)
wit: 1903, t0o4, 1905. 1906, I907, I908. inter
1909, 1910, 1911. 1912, 1913, 1914, 1915. rate
t916, 1917, 1918, 1919, 1920. 1921, 1922. And.
1923, 1924, 1925, 1926, 1927, 1928, 1929. isses
1930, 1931, 1932. or as many years there- fourt
Af as will suffice for the payment of the lolla
trincipal and the interest of said bonds; trop
said bonds not to be negotiated until re- years
luired for said improvements, and any 1908,
past due coupons attached at date of ne- g915,
gotiation to be clipped off of same." 1922,
The form of ballots against the prop- suffic
osition to incur a debt and issue bonds and t
for the improvement and paving of negol
streets and alleys in said city shall be )rovt
as follows: it da
"Against the proposition submitted to
the vote of the property taxpayers of
the city of Shreveport, La., by ordi
nance adopted on the 30th day of March
1903, to incur a debt of one hundred and
eighty-eight thousand ($188,ooo) dol
lars, for the purpose of paving and im
proving the following streets and alleys
within the city of Shreveport:
Crockett from Market to Texas.
Travis from Market to Common.
Fannin from McNeil to Commerce.
Caddo from Market to alley rear of
Ardis & Co.
Cotton from Marshall to Texas ave
nue.
Commerce from Cotton to Lake.
Spring from bridge to Battle.
Spring from Caddo to Travis.
Market from Cotton to Jones.
Marshall from Travis to Davis.
Edwards from Travis to Crockett.
McNeil from Travis to Cotton.
Louisiana street from Travis to
Texas.
Common from Travis to Cotton.
Louisiana street from Lake street to
Louisiana avenue.
Louisiana avenue from Louisiana
Street to Donovan street.
Donovan' street from Louisiana ave
nue to south line of Carter subdivision.
Donovan street extension from south
line Carter subdivision to Jordan street.
Western avenue from Sprague to
Hope.
Hope from Western avenue, to Texas
avenue.
Anna from Western avenue to Pierre
avenue.
Allen avenue from Anna to Garden.
Garden from Allen avenue to Pierre
avenue.
Jordan from Texas avenue to Pierre
ivenue.
Winston from Jordan to Murphy.
Southern avenue from Jordan to Da
shiell.
Jacobs struet from Fairfield avenue to
Southern avenue.
Lacy from Fairfield avenue to South
ern avenue.
Fairfield avenue irom Dashiell to
First street.
Irving place from Jordan to Olive.
Jordan from Irving place to Creswell.
Stoner avenue from Louisiana avenue
:o Greenwood cemetery entrance.
Christian street from Sprague to
Texas avenue.
Egan from Louisiana avenue to Cres
well.
Texas Road from Cedaj to corpora
tion line.
Murphy from Winston to Greenwood.
Jones from Spring to Commerce.
"And to issue negotiable bonds of the
said city to the extent of one hundred
and eighty-eight thousand ($188,ooo)
dollars, for said purpose, running for a
period of thirty (30) years, to be dated
January i. 1903, with' interest payable
semi-annually, at the -ate of four (4)
,er cent per annum; and in order to <
nav same, to levy and assess a special
tax of two and orie-eiglhth (2 1-8) mills
on the dollar per annum on the assess
able property of the city of Shreveport .
for the following years, to-wit: 1903,
0 19tgo05, 1xg19 19a7, i9s, r1909, 19o, a
4Z ;2, I- 194 19, x6, 1917, t
~3 3·9)It
pa ;it due coupons attached at itlt
of negotiation to be clipped otl (,i
Salmle.
Sec. 4. Be it further ordained, that
the form of ballots to be voted at s:i
election in favor of incurring debt ard
issuing bonds for the purchase of tl.t
grounds and erecting thereon a city hal
shall be as follows:
"For the proposition submitted tf the
vote of the propert3 taxpayers of the
city of Shreveport. tLa., by ordlinance
adopled on the 30th day of March, 1o03.
to imncur a debt of ninety thomusand
($90oooo) dollars for the putrpml .e of
purchasing ground in the said city t,
cost fifteen thousand ($t5,ooo) dollars
or such a part thereof as may he nIeces
sary, and to erect thereon a city htal! to
cost seventy-five thousand ($75,000)
dollars, or such a part thereof as may
be necessary, the title to wlhich shall
rest in the city of Shreveport: and to
issue negotiable bonds of the said city tr
the extent of ninety thousand ($90o.00)
dollars for the said 1,urpmose, running
for a period of twenty (20) years, to he
datbed January I. 1903. with interest pry
able semi-annually at the rate of f,it:r
(4) per cent per annum; and, in order
to pay same, to levy and assess a spe
cial tax of one and one-fourth (1 1-4)
mills per annum on the dollar on the
assessed valuation of the property it,
sI d city for the following years, to
Srt : 1903, Ioo4, 1905. 1906, 1907, I(;oM.
1909, 1910o, 1911, 1912, 1913, 1914. 1915,
1910, 1917, 1918, 1919, 1920, I921, 1922
or as many years thereof as will suRfice
for the payment of the principal and
the interest of said bonds not to be ne
gotiated until required for said imn
provements, and an.y past due coupons
at date of negotiation to be clipped off
)f said bonds."
The form of ballots aoainst the prop
)sition to incur debt and issue bonds
for the purchase of grounds and ercL-t
ing thereon a city hall shall be as fol
lows:
"Against the proposition submitted
to the vote of the property taxpayers of
the city of Shreveport, La.. by ordi
nance adopted on the thirtieth day of
March. 190o3, to incur a debt of ninety
thousand ($90,0oo) dollars for the pur
a'ose of purchasing ground in the said
iity to cost fifteen thousand ($mi.ooo)
dollars, or such a part thereof as may
be necessary, and to erect thereon a city
hall to cost seventy-five thousand dol
lars ($75,000) or such a part thereof
is may b9 necessary, the title to which
shall rest in the city of Shreveport, and
to issue negotiable bonds of the said
city to the extent of ninety thousand
($,.ooo) dollars, for the said purpose,
running for a period of twenty years
(2o), to be dated January 1, 1903, with
interest payable semi-annually, ::t the
rate of four (4) per cent per annum,
snd. in order to nay same, to levy and
Issess a special tax of one and one
fourth (I 1-4) mills per annum on the
.ollar on the assessed valuation ot the
iroperty in said city for the following
years to-wit: 1903, 1904, 1905, 1906, 1907,
1908, 1909, Ig910, 1911, 1912, 1913, 1914,
115; 1916, 1917, 19r8, 1919, 1920, 1921,
1922, or as many years thereof as wil:
suffice for the payment of the principal
and the interest of said bonds, not to be
negotiated until required for said im
orovements, and any past due coupons
it date of negotiation to be clipped off
Sec. 5. Be it further ordained, that
the form of ballots to be voted at- said
election in favor of granting to the
Kansas City, Shreveport and Gulf Rail
way Company the right to use, occupy
rnd otherwise obstruct Spring street be
tween blocks D and J of block 67. or
Roland Jones addition, in the city of
Shreveport, and also the alley in said
block D, shall be as follows:
"For the proposition submitted to the
vote of the property taxpayers of the
city of Shreveport, La., by an ordinance
adopted on the 2nd day of April, 19s3
to grant to the Kansas City, Shreve
nort and Gulf Railway Company the
right to use, occunv and obstruct Spring
;treet between blocks D and J of block
'7, or Roland Jones addition, in the city
if Shreveport, and also the alley in said
block D, the said company to keep open
and dedicate to public use the exten
sion or prolongation of Market street
through its property acquired by it in
:xoropriation proceedings, subject to its
right to cross same with its tracks to
reach its freight depot; provided fur
ther tleat the city reserves the right to
compel said railway company to pay its
shara of the cost of a viadfict over its
property and closed portion of said
Spring street."
The form of ballots against the fore
going proposition in this section shall
be as follows:
Against the proposition submitted to
'he vote of the property taxpayers of the
city of Shreveport, La.. by an ordinance
adopted on the 2nd day of April, 1903.
to grant fo the Kansas City, Shreveport
and Gulf Railway Company the right to
use, occupy and obstruct Spring street
between blocks D and J of block 67, or
Roland Jones addition, in the city of
Shreveport, and also the alley in said
block D, the said company to keep open
and dedicate to public use the extension
or prolongation of Market street
through its property acquired by it in
expropriation proceedings, subject to
its right to cross same with its tracks
to reach its freight depot; provided fur
:her. that the city reserves the right to
compel said railway company to pay its
share of the cost of a viaduct over its
property and closed portion of said
Spring street."
Sec. 6. Be it further ordained, that
the form of ballots to be voted at said
election in favor of incuirring debt and I
issuing bonds for the purpose of laying
and constructing a storm sewer on
Crockett street from Edwards to Louis
iana. thence on Louisiana from Crockett
to alley between Milam and Crockett,
on Marshall from Crockett to alley be
tween Milam and Crockett, on McNeil -
from Crockett to Milam; also a storm
sewer on Edwards street from Texas
to Travis, thence on Travis from Ed
wards to Marshall; also a storm sewer
from intersection of Lawrence street
and Texas avenue to intersection of I
Christian and Travis streets. shall be is
as follows: t.
"For the proposition submitted to the
vote of the property taxpayers of the a
:ity of Shreveport, La., by ordinance C
adopted on the 30th day of March, 1903. fi
o mincur a debt of twenty thousand
E$,Oo) do0ar for the pt se of t
\' .1 f-, . l tt ( ¢ ht_ to M lani; also
a -1101,1 -el\ I"er ,,n l iidwards street from
Ixas to ~ thenlce on iraxis from
Eiwards it .\larshail; also a storm
fewer frnt it acrtioi of Lawrence
strt t tind I .., an. tnue to intersection
Iof i.ristian ::u d Tr.avis streets, in the
said ci ty, to c(-It txxenty thousand dol
lar,- <20o.o0(0 . or ut h a part thereof
as lllay be lct.sanly, and to issue nego
tialic" ludls ,,f tilht said city to the ex
tent of t\.,enty thusIland ($20.000) dol
lars fir said p::rl;ose, running for a pe
rid ,of thirty (,;o) years, to be dated
January , 11903. with interest payable
se;mi-annually ;It the rate of four (4)
ticr cenCt per annum:lilll and, in order to
lay 'samlile. to levy and assess a special
tax of on'-fnurth (1-4) of one mill on
the dIlla;r per annum on the assessable
,or,,perty of the city oif Shreveport for
the following years, to wit: 1903. 1904.
I(0;, tIO(l. I0,)7, I,.o0, 1o0o, 1910, 1Q1I
19)12. 1o13. 1I14., 1913. o191h 1917, 1918.
101i)l. I1920, ll(21, 1922, I1923, 1924. I1,25,
1()2(), 1927, 19)2 , 11i29l 110,0. 19,31. 19,32,
)r as many years thereof 1as will suffice
for the ipalyment of the ilrincipal and the
interest If said bnIdl : said hands not to
'e n, ,,ttiated until rcquired for said im
IrIv CieiilltiS, and Lasit due coupons at
achIll at date tof ncgotiation to he
lipped of f if same.
The fi,:-ni of ballots aga;int the fore
-oing proposition in this sction shall be
is follows :
".\gainst the proposition suhmitted to
the \'vci (of the property taxpayers of
lie city If Shreveport, La.. by ordinance
adopted oi the 30oth day of March, 1903,
o incur a debt oIf twenty thousand
'20o.0oto) dIllars for the purpose of
laying and constructing a storm sewer
>li Crockett street from Edwards to
I.ouisian, thence on- Louisiana from
Crockett to alley between Milam and
Crockett. on Marshall from Crockett to
ilev between Mlilami and Crockett. on
\lcNeil from Crockett to Milam; also
t stormi sewer on Edwards street from
Fexas to ravis., thence on Travis from
Edwards to Marshall; also a storm
;ewer from intersection of Lawrence
street and Texas avenue to intersection
)f Christian and Travis streets, in the
;aid city to cost twenty thousand dol
'ars ($20.ooo0. or such a part thereof as
nay be necessary, and to issue negoti
tllie bonds of the said city to the extent
if twenty thousand ($20,ooo) dollars
for said ptirpose, running for a period
if thirty (30) years, to be dated Janu
tr-- t. I ,o3. with interest nayable .semi
innually at the rate of four (4) per
rent per annum;it and. in order to pay
same. to levy and assess a special tax of
Ine-fourth (I-a) of one (i) mill on the
lollar per annum on the assessable
iroperly of the city of Shreveport for
he following years. to-wit: 1903, 1904,
1905, 1905, 1ro7, ioo8, 1900, 1910o, 1911,
1912. 1913. 19T4, 1915. 1916, 1917, 1918,
1919, 1920, 1921. 1922, 1923. 1924, 1925,
1926, 1927, 1928, 1929. 193o, 1931, 1932,
)r as many years thereof as will suffice
for the payment of the principal and
interest of said bonds; said bonds not
o be negotiated until required for said
mprovements, and past due coupons at
ached to date of negotiation to be
:lipped off of same."
Sec. 7. Be it further ordained, that
.he form of ballots to be voted at said
'ection in favor of closing the alley
xorth of Walnut street in Parkview
subdivision between Park avenue and
>ycamnore streets, for the benefit of the
Shreveport Base Ball Association shall
he tE fonllnw.
"For the proposition submitted to the
vote of the property taxpayers of the
citv of Shreveport, La., by ordinance
adopted on the 30th day of March, 1903.
granting to the Shreveport Base Ball
Association the right to use, occupy and
itherwise obstruct the alley north of
Walnut street in Parkview subdivision
between Park avenue and Sycamore
street in the city of Shreveport; provid
:d that in event said alley shall be va
cated by the said Shreveport Base Ball
Association for base ball purposes then
.he said alley to revert to the said city."
The form of ballots against the
foregong proposition in this sectionI
shall be as follows:
"Against the proposition submitted to
the vote of the property taxpayers of
the city of Shreveport, La.. by ordi
nance adopted on the 30th day of
March. 1io3, granting to the Shreveport
Base Ball Assdciation the right to use,
)ccupy and otherwise obstruct the alley
north of Walnut street in Parkview
subdivision between Park avenue and
Sycamore street. in the city of Shreve
)ort: provided that in event said alley
shall be vacated by said Shreveport
Base ball Association for base ball pur
noses, then the said alley to revert to
he said city."
Sec. 8. Be it further ordained that
the polls shall he opened from 7 a.m.
until 5 p.m. of the day of said elections.
The commissioners are hereby in
structed to count the votes immediate
'y after the closing of the polls and
make due returns of the results to the
city council-the said returns to be
handed to the city comptroller, to be by
him safely kept until the meeting of the
council to be. held thereafter for the
ourpose of compiling the returns and
declaring the results according to law.
Sec. 9. Be it further ordained, that 5
'he mayor and the city council shall, in
open session, on Wednesday, May 13,
t9o3, at 6 o'clock pm., proceed to open S
the ballot boxes, examine and dount the
ballots in number and amount, exam
ine and canvass the returns and declare
-he results of the said elections
Adopted by the following vote:
Ayes: Busbey, Conger, Currie, Dick
son, Foster, Jenkins, Lowenthal, Quig
les,. Rand, Thoman, Wise.
Nays: None.
ANDREW QUERBES, Mayor.
C. G. RIVES, Comptroller.
T. G. HAYES,
Auditor and Ex-Officio Secretary.
April 5, 1903.
RECEIVERSHIP SALE.
.o. 6874-Receivership of Shreveport
Abstract and Guarantee Investment
Company.
By viwtue of an order of Judge A. D.
and, First District Court, Caddo Par
sh, La., I will sell at public auction at
he courthouse, Shreveport, La., on
SATURDAY, APRIL 12, 1903,
t 12 m., the personal property of above
orporation, as set forth in inventory on
tle in above court.
Terms of sale cash, for not less than k
wo-thirds appraised value.
C. W. HARDY, Receiver. aI
bWljtw~
tBOWERS' DRUGST'ORE.
Sic. to Aug. J. IBogCl.
Books, - Stationery, o Toilet + Articles
and Fancy 4ioods.
3Lnuiftctirner (4f Fl+.avoriIng Eixtract-Is, i'r.', Sod ;1di and Min.
:Pal W'ater~. Agents for Kianith-l'remiu;r 'I'vew!it ..
Fresh Garden Seed.
oIre(sqri!lik ons* ea K crfu lly '.. ia d l \wit . t , lt'4t .anid freshest
'drugs. All faIvors a1ppreci:'ted a1Id nor llrs giels prompt
Attention.
PRED W. OW'ERS. Proprietor.
C. C. Hardman & Co.,
Wjc~ale afdl lRat4 1etakr in
LUMBER, SHINGLES, SASH,
Deers, Itinds nAd fieneral House
Ftiislng Goods.
Office and ialesroomns Cl.,r Soreg and Crockett.
1-4,ber Yard C(orner Lae. ;oinl McNeil streets,
SHIREVEPORT. LA.
They are here at last==
OUR GASOLINE STOVES.
Remember we have now a complete line of the ,cst Ga,,,line Stoves on earth.
The
"INSURANCE NATIONAL."
Years of experience L.,ve proven the above assertionm, TI he Best on Earth."
They are now on exhibition. Call, examine and pric, and yiin will buy.
F. MARTEL & SON,
Phone 555. 211 Texas St.
Gardeners and Truck Farmers.
rAKE NOTICE!
We have received our new crop T. & W. Brand Cha:llnge Field and Gar
den Seeds from Northern and Eastern seed farml. This seed possesses
strong germinating powers, produces vigorous plants which insures an abun
dant harvest and means more money in your pockets if VIIt buy this seed,
Write for catalogue and ask ~ar special prices on Seed Corn, Oats, Rye,
Barley, Wheat. Amber and Orange Cane Seed. \lfalfa. (Icr. Millet and
Seed Potatoes, or send us your order. We guarantee satisfaction.
108 Texas St. TUSTEN & WEIL.
WHEN IN NEED OF ANY
Fancy or Staple Groceries,
FISH, OYSTERS, FRUIT,
or anything in our line, phone or send us your orders. \\'e will give you
prompt delivery and the very best quality at the lowest urices. Call and
take a look at our new line of Fancy goods just received.
The I. X. L. Grocery Co.,
512.and 514 Texas St. Phones 87 and 164.
Orton Hotel ^-. Restaurant
OPEN DAY AND NIGHT.
Regular Meals Served,25
Best in the City, - -
SHORT ORDERS A SPECIALTY.
SPECIAL ATTENTION TO OPElI\ T R'. lPES.
ELEGANT ROOMS-BATH CONNECI!ON.
701-3-5-7 Texas Street, Corner of Louisiana.
The Florsheim Bros. Dry Qoods (o. 114.
EXCLUSIVELY WIIOLESALE I)I .\Lf-RS IN
Dry Goods, Notions, Boots, Shoes
and Hats.
51o, 512 and 514 Levee Street. New York (O)ficc 77 Franklin Street.
S. B. HICKS, President. Y.\A E II. IK . " 'c President.
-W. F. CHASE, Secrctarv Trca.iircr.
YALE HICKS, S. it. IICKS, F:. 14. (;( .1 .\. \V F. CIIASE.
T. II. SCOVELL. G. I1. STiI k\ )N.
THE HICKS COMPANY
ALIMITED.]
WHOLESALE GROCE1RS
and COTTON FACTORS.
Office and Lar( ous,_ tomer ~prin. andl Tra i, '(ti!, and Cornet
Texas anrd cf Ilhi)rie' , '..'t'.
We want our merchant friends in the country to
know that our plant is brand new and up to now in
all respects, and all printing entrusted to us will be:
turned out promptly and in the very latest style.
jUCASIAN.