'S
taurant
SIN THE
n Building.
parlor especially ffor
Ladies
S."I'!'LIIEi) WITI
1HE BEST.
st class; always fresh.
imeals-Breakfast 6 to 6.
to 2 p. rn., Supper 5:30
Short orderds at alp
eoiai & ("o., Props.
nk lIaecich, Mlgr.
. . . i,. HESTER.
RT L. EMERY.
rrin & Co.,,
s to W. C. Perrin.
r, Real Estate
! Agents,
Shreveport; La.
al attention to the
7 of the Cotton Ex
Access to all the latest
storing and insuring
eral cash advances
e is large and at
we can please all
nBd farms, collect
remittances, and
and expect to
attention to busi
-II
CHARTER
Of The P. A. Johnson Lumber Com
pany. Limited.
State of Louisiana. Parish of Caddo:
Be it known that on this the 2oth day
of December, A. D.. 1902. before me. Al
len Rendall. a Notary Public in and for
the said' parish and State, duly qualified.
commissioned and sworn, came and ap
peared the persons whose names are
hereunto subscribed. who in the presence
of the attesting witnesses, declared that.
availing themselves of the provisions of
the laws of this State relative to the or
ganization of corporations. and especially
of the provisions of Act No. 36 of 1888.
of the General Assembly of the State of
Louisiana. they have covenanted and
agrecd, and by these presents do cove
nant and agree and hind themselves, as
well as such other persons as may be
hereafter associated with them, to form
and constitute a cornoration and body
oolitic in law for the purposes and ob
jects. and under the stipulations. articles
and conditions following, to-wit:
ARTICLE I.
The name and style of this corporation
shall be The P. A. Johnson Lumber
Company. limited, and its domicile shall
be in the city of Shreveport. Caddo Par
ish. Louisiana. and under its corporate
name it shall have power to contract, to
sue and he sued : to hold. acquire, re
ce;ve. purchase, sell. transfer. convev. te
liver. borrow, pledge, mortgage and hy
pothecate proplerty. both real, personal
and mixed: to make and establish b,
laws. rules and regulations for the
proper managemient of its affairs and
business and the same to change or alter
at pleasure: to adopt and use a corpor
ate seal. and orenerally to rlo all other
acts and thing, necessarxy and proper to
carry out the objects and purposces cf the
corporation.
The president or in his absence the
secretary and treasurer shall bc the
proper person ttpon whom citation or
other legal process shall he served. This
corporation shall exist for a period of
ninety-nine years, unless sooner dis
solved as hereinafter provided.
ARTICLE 1I.
The objects and purposes for which
this corporation is formed and the na
ture of the business to be carried on b
it are declared to be to carry on a gen
eral saw mill and lumber business: man
ufacturing, buying and selling lumber
and shinmles: to maintain and onerate a
woodworking factory making and selling
articles of wood, such as boxes, sash.
doors, blinds, mantels, counters, stair
ways and general house furnishings and
finishings, and to buy and sell a general
line of builders' materials. Also to build
and overate railroads. or tramways. f r
transporting logs. timber or other arti
cles necessary to carry on its business.
Also to hold. ,purchase, receive and ac
quire real estate in the parish of Caddo.
and State of Louisiana, and to improve.
lease, sell, convey and deliver as well as
mortgage and hvoothecate said property
ARTICLE III.
The capital stock of this corporation
is fixed at twenty-five thousand dollars
($25,~oo.o0), divided into two.hundred
and fifty shares of one hundired dollars
ea.h, and said corporation shall com
mnece btussi:e. whenever eight thot and
oitars ( t ox) shaW have been sub
stritid and i.fi. All stock shall be
i, f-- i» eias l t te time tifs . scrip
tio. or tie same :iay be issued; at par in
lti eent or exchange for property. rights
or ~cvidits actually received by said cor
porat on, or the same ,may be issued full
paod or money advanced, and for such
oter valuabie consideration as the. board`
of directors may determine.
ART1CLE IV.
- The corpoate powers of this corpora
tioe shall be yested i a exercised
a b.rid of darectso e..ob le!cted.from
sarng the stockholders. It shall consist
of t. ree .aekhoers. The said board of
orsthatl halve authority to fill va
s their ~number by death, ire
neiotn o otherwise; they shall have
.allntrolof all the property of the
eorportath; they shall have power and
authit to frame sand adopt such by
b#J#Ws. S anad ettgtions as the af
air shE a usinqa of the corporation may
eqain ad they shell appoint snci of
:a-agtt n~~nn and clerks as they
.ay deem nrcisar to coadust the buss
s o ntcrrtion, fix tbeiconipen
hatio and teral of srice and dismiss
tht v saim: board's }feasure:' they shall
are the r1i0t to .t ~ ad detern e the
salaries o all officers herein provided
for;
The following persons shall cdnstitute
t first board of. directors, "to-wit: W.
SJohnson Cr . . Parker "and P. "A.
Johison. with W. H. Johnson. oresident:
C. J. Prker. vice president, and P. A.
Johnsoa secretary, treasurer and gen
aeral manart The shall hold office until
ie ., -: i , a n December, A... D.
tS$. or until tber asuccessors .have been
disl eleted And :niflted: o'p said first
Monday ii ece. er, A.. a- 193,'and
annually thereafter, a board of directors
shall be electe&'. Notie of. said election
shall ibe :ene b ten days' pubicatip in
0, of' Wthpblic newspapers published
in said city of Shreveport. Any failre
irn aus3 cause whatever to: 'old saidl
meeting or toelect said board of dimec
tons on the dny named 1$ that pnrpose
dshall ot istolwetcororation, baut the
direcsors asd otters then in office shall
ohold `er: t. til their" accessors are
chosen and qu . At any election or
stckhlders' theting each stockholder
shalt be ,entitled ' qe rote for each
share of stock rcegisest ou the hooks of
corp ratibo ap his '* ; votes nar
be Pt ro aerson b'r b , proxy autor
l Z-itne After ehtanual e-l
t board of directors shalt elect
fl. trnr b e nme ofy
Thtarte p be changed, alere d
holder shall ever be liable or responsi
ble for the faults or contracts of the cor
poration in any further sum than the
unnaid balance due the corporation on
the shares of stock subscribed for and
owned by him. nor shall any informality
in qrganization have the effect of ren
dering this charter null or of exposing
any st-ckholder to any liability beyond
the amount of his stock.
Done and passed at my office in said
parish in the presence of L. L. Herold
and H. W\. Liebman, competent wit
nesses. on this the 20oth day- of I)eceim
bcr. A. 1).. Ic,o2.
P. A. JOHNSON,
W\. H. IOHNSON,
hv P. A. Johnson.
1). D. DODI).
W\. M. HARPER.
J. S. S. GLOVER.
C. J. PARKER.
Attest:
S. L. tIEROLD.
II. WV. LIEBMAN.
ALLEN RENI)ALL.
Notarv Public. Caddo Parish. Louisiana.
Shreveport. La.. Dec. 20. t)02-W- e the
undersiened herelvy subscrihe to the
catital stock of The P. A. Johnson Lum
her Conmnanv in the nuinher of shares
set opoosite our names:
P. A. Iohnson. 75 shares.
W. I1. Johnson b c. :\. J. I share.
1). D. Dodd. I share.
W. M H-arper. I share.
I. S. (;lover. t share.
C' J. Parker. t share.
s, orn to and lubscrirled before :ie
tl.i- - Ith c. y if ")cember. A. D). ,0O2.
ALLEN RENI')AlI..
N ct'; u li.' Caddo t.rih Lt ouioiana.
,:: f Lomidiara. Pa-i-h of (Cadto:
I ercd:y c urtif' that I have cxamii'ce
I!:c a .ve and f ,r"oino ch-urter, and.
itiL t" 'thin. th,'reit co-' :in'ed con
I)':'c :' I . .itned tic 2's 11 dai y ,of I)c
IJHN R. LAND.
tDi.t-ict \tt'r.c'ne Firs Judicial )it.trict.
Sate ,f I Hi a.
E'dtr-, : Fi ed ,and recorded l)e
c.i.n er 20. 1'02.
FRANK C. O'LEARY.
)epi:ty' Cler] and Ex-Oficio Deputy ace
corder.
State of L.nouisiana. Parish of Caddo:
I herheby cceriifv that the above and fore
coing is a true and correct copy of the
original act. as the samnte now appears on
file and of record in my office.
Given tinder my hand and seal of of
Fe' at Shreveport. La., on this 20th day
of December. A. D.. 1002.
FRANK C. O'LEARY.
Denuty Clerk and Ex-Officio Deputy Re
corder.
Dec. 21. 1002.
SCHURMAN SPOKE.
Addressea Thirteen Hundred Teachers on
"Our Philippine Policy."
Lincoln, Neb., Jan. 2.-Jacob Gould
Schurman, president of the Cornell uni
versity, spoke to 1300 ,members of the
Nebraska Teachers' association on the
subject, "Our Philippine Policy." His
address -in part was a reiteration of his
views heretofore expressed, but he was
probably mere outspoken In his dec
laration for the ultimate independ
ence of the islands. At his request the
teachers by a rising vote expressed
the,r opinions, a majority endorsing
his viewL He said the problem in the
islands was a manifold one of a mhill
tary, poitical, economic. and eeclqsti
eai. nature. He endorsed the recom
mendations of the civil service com
mission and declared the Filipinos in
three years would be enjoying as much
political liberty as Americans.
Honored man Goap.
Marlin, Tex., Jan. 2.-Hon. W. S.
Connolly, who has held positions of
honor and trust in this country, and
who represented the county in ,the leg
islature of Texas for four years, died
au4ddenhy on. his farm-near Reagan
Thursday. He was prominent in this
section of Texas and greatly beloved
by the people. of Falls county. llis
farming interests were In the Brasos
bottomj. but bli bome was in Marlin.
He leaves a family. He was about six
ty years of age.
1o r lile AeedeMt. f
Terrell, Tex., Jan. 2.-Wh e engaged
in the construction of a foundation for
two boilers for the waterwqrks plant
some dynamite was used to do blast
ing. .. tfearful explosion resulted and
Dan Cain, a bricklayer, was struck by
cem.eat in the face with such force
as to lacerate hia in a-fearful manner.
His nose was blown off. His recovery
is doubtful.
Safe WIown Open.
SNavasota. Tex,. Jan. 2.-The gener
al inelcbandise Store of Saunders Bros.
at lola. in this county, was entered by
burglary Wedilesday night. The safe
wa iblown open and about' $700 in
aaik taken therefrom. Tao young
men werrre ted at Bryan and near
ly that at.otuit .found in their posses
sion.
IRostlleo PIoneer Dead.
Ho.ston.Tex., Jan. 2.--Captain E.
B. N. Schneider, who located here in
1852. Is dead. During the civil war
he was a, gunner on the Confederate
veskel, Bayou City, in the attack made
on Galvepton, In thia engagement the
gun mantned by hiarburst and he lost
aa eye. - Captain Schneider's life. has
been a most eventful one.
C psit of ConVICts.
agle takeL , Tex., Jan. 2-The com
plaift f bthe convicts at Camp No.-2,
on "the Ifuiva~t -..ee, .that caused
thie to- quit work is alleged to be too
many bor*' work, too little to eat and
ling f.rced ° to work un Sunday
whether they wanted to or not, at 50c
a day. -
Ausati, Ja. 2S.-A promei inet citi
son, who has been hept at homne owing
to qis-aiatal ponditrio because so un
Elth e h-ad to be taken to the
•poeoe -sta~ml The unfortunate man
trio : to take his life by cutting his
threat with a pocketknife, but in
cte4 oyhly a slight wound.
who
CARACAS,
VENEZUELA'S
CAPITAL
[Special Correspondence.]
Caracas. Venezuela. Dec. 20.-This
city, to which the eyes of the civilized
world have been so long directed. Is
one of the prettiest towns onl the west
ern hemisphere. At present, however,
it is more interesting on account of its
being a storm center of political and
diplomnatie activity than on account of
its beauty. Daily and nightly it is
the scene of patriotic demionstrations,
the populace joining in fervid out
breaks against what are ilrmed the
high hand(ed proceedings of Germany
and ;rent Britain.
Should worst come to worst and the
allies, as is feared in some quarters.,
attempt an invasion of the capital in
orlder to calpturte Castro and hold him
as a hostage for paymentof their claims.
it is safe to say they will have some
d,.sl a'ate work b.efore Ca ';rac s is reach
cd. Tli city is only six miltes through
the oe.ter of the Illmountains inlalld from
LaI u:lyrin. hat thirty-is!x mials by the
oid SpI :.i.Ih Iratu. over Xvhic'h thet 1a
r:i;es of tl o.)ot bied fl'rce must go to
ltik( l1'li ' it i tc:pal. sh old thaii of entual
i|V 'it ti ' sIo to' iss. Sixteen l ll l;st h pi from
the t( , .. ~ eist: this . t tio t i e o south.ad
:lilt (.lS t c si, . I e i, tc ilI',: no prenuei
pei(i.. ith si dtl'a Iltl"s of ctlatit. whiless
able ss i r an Ititit¢ partyt . It is saida
and Ie,'l , , ,l \ , anx.s that 100
Inlla in roui stoes. Te stlets arcould
ihotl, that It the I. i 1: ItllI.r, a
batil l til :rt ir in. the centeri of the towns,
T'araeas is; out iet th o liplay methodf
tiaste lln t in tirchite sqre of equal
inre atl equal frontage.tbor divided by
narrow slt its tannin:;g lengthwise from
easgt wtit in t sam fro north t south.
The cross sVets, the principal avenCue
sa the city, are madne of co l.te pavet
ed aliket. with sidewathlks of tint. while
the less prominnt hompression thtll are
upoavd in rogh stowevs. The strcompets aely
ntefaced fromby t he euty aza olivar, a
bthe locautifu park in the center of the town.
There is no variety and no display of
taste monot the architecture One, far as
dwellings are concerned. each house be
inreais exas tly like its neighbor and all be
ag built in the same way and of the
same materials. They are not all paint
ted alike but even with this distinctih
the architecture remains monotonous.
The unpleasant impression ths madin
-tpon a visitor is, however, completely
effaced by the beauty and strength of
the location and merica nt of the
city, and when one enters a typisca
Venezu morelan home one forgets in an in
stant the monotony of the exterior. One
relies that is.t isor the habit of the ouaveri
thouge Carequeno to sped on lterior dec
oation the money he has spared on them would
givteroom for. In the house of a compara
tively well to do Venezuelan the finish
ings and furnishings will be found to
dozen more extravaganthose than the wealthy
Amstreetsan in the matter of interior ap-o
fireets of New .Yo'k.
Caracas is also noted for its beauti
ful parks, In the principal one of which
is located a splendid statue of the great
patriot Bolivar. Next to him the Ven
ezuelans have the greatest reverence
for George Washington, alld in the sec
ond principal square in Caracas have
erected in his honor a statue of almost
equal magnificence to that of Bolivar.
The pride of the city. however, is
the beautiful tomb of Bolivar. This
tomb was originally in Trinity church,
but in 1870 was changed into a nation
al pantheon. In addition to the re
mains of Bolivar the pantheon contains
those of all the presidents of the repub
lic from 1870 and a few of the leading
men.
American enterprise has 4uade itself
felt throughout the city and is largely
responsible for the progress Caracas
has made in recent years. There are
two American telephone companies,
and an American corporation operates
the Bolivar Tramway company.
While Caracas is not the hotbed of
disease which so many Americans
popularly suppose it to be. it is far
from being a healthy city. Bad sew
erage renders it susceptible to fevers of
all sorts. Yellow fever is always spo
radic, but does not prtduce the panic
that it does In the United States, for
with careful nursing a Venezuelan has
a better chance of recovery than wouldi
an American stricken with typhoid:
fever. Another thing that tends to
make Caracas unhealthy are the aud
den changes of climate. verging fromi
a cool, bracing atmosphere at dawn to
an extreme sultriness at noon and final-'
ty to a Odap, clammy chill at nightfall.
aLia ere theA meteorological conditions
.~ or e e tire year.
IAYS DUBOIB.
THUNDER -
MOUNTAIN GOLD
DISTRICT
[Special Correspondence.]
poise, Ida.. Dec. 30.--To the deter
mined and always hopeful prospector,
ever accompanied by the meek and low
ly burro, must be given the credit for
the discovery of the Tonmbstone, Tona
paugh,F!rass Valley, Ilomestake, Tread
well, Leadville. Ophir. Mercur and Crip
ple Creek gold mines. 'Twas the men
behind the burro that discovered Thun
der mountain. Three men. Ben. Dan
and Ed Caswell, with their little pack
train of burros, first entered and discov
ered what is now being claimed by
many western men as the greatest gold
district of them all.
Thunder mountain! There is some
thing tremendous in the words-a dis
trict mineralized for over 40 miles in
length by 20 miles in width, with its
g;'eat ore dikes showing almost as plain
ly as the rive-r bedls below them; a
worthl'>s w\iidilrnEss four years ago.
and now,. it is clnimeltl, millions of dol
i' s o;f '.i- yelliw are in sight.
M :'h h;a- s alI' a1( Vdy h n written about
the gm ; it tciscovet-y., loit it is only re
1, €
A TRAIL ox THUaDER Zo rU.TAI.
cently that the real truth has drifted
east of the mountains. The first nota
ble fact was the sale of the Caswell
brothers' great find to Colonel Dewey
for the sum of $100,000 and his refusal
but a few months thei~eafter of $4,000,
000 for the property, the Dewey mine.
But where is Thunder mountain? In
Idaho, 200 miles north and a trifle easi
of the city of Boise. How to get there?
From Boise you take a pack train load
ed with your outfit and start on a 200
mile tramp through beautiful valls,
up over the roughest of mountains,
down steepest declivities, over deepest
canyons and trailing by purest crystal.
streams till you reach Roosevelt.
Roosevelt in July last was a city of
tents, shacks and log cabins, with not
a wagon track in sight. The streets
were alive with big, brainy and braw.y
men, there to reap their fortune, what
ever it might be. There was one lone
Texas girl; the only woman in the
camp. She, with her father, tramped
the hills day after day hunting for the
"yellow." She succeeded. .By a sale
of a fourth of her holdings to Pittsburg
people she derived a goodly fortune.
Every one but a few drones followed
the same occupation. That was all they
w-ere there for, and in.no such space of
time were as many hills irospected as
were those in the Thunder mountain
country during July, August and Sep
tember last.
First the discoveries. we'r made on
Trap creek, then on Smith creek, next
on Sugar creek, and only tomorrow per
haps the richer reports may come fran
other streams. The rush in the middle
of the night to locate claims was un
precedented. Occasionally some pros
pector sneaks into the assay office with
his little bag of "rock," and after the
result of the assay has been announced
he gives the tip to a few of ?is inti
mates. In an incredible space of time
that night the "trail" is covered by
scores who somehow learn of the new
prospect. The efforts of 2,500 prospect
ors to cover 500 square miles produced
restlts.
A group of Pittsburgers had their
forces at work on Rainbow mountain,
Fairview hill and Lightning peak. To
the Pittsburgers' energy and persever
aInce this section owes its early devel
opment and establishment as a perma
nent mining came. They own the
Fairview. Sunnyside. Lava creek and
Dewey group of mines, and the sea
son's development in all those proper
ties has revealed veins or dikes of ore
running from $6 to $1.200 per ton in
free gold ore.
And yet the great district has hardly
been touched. Thirty tunnels are being
run this winter, and by March or April
the strikes made will astonish the min
ing world. Nature has been lavish in
her distribution of gold on Thunder
mountain. The great dikes are 30 to
100 feet in width, and the gold is thor
oughly disseminated throughout the
vein or dike fillings. The vein Oilling
is a porphyry rock--soft, easily worked,
yet solid enough to stand well in the
excavations. There are already eight
tunnels driven to a depth of over 100
feet, and there is enough ore in sight
to justify the erection of a "reduction
plant.
The facilities for, 1eduit t the ores
of the district and the ° extraction ol
the values are unusually good. Timber
abounds everywhere. There is not a
mile square that will not afford water
for 100 to 1,000 horsepower. Elec
trical power can be obtained at a min
imum cost. The expense of producin
a dollar's worth of goh? Is the yard
stick with which to i, 'sure a mine.
Should it cost a dollar and a rent the
mine is a failure. There is .,i district
In the great mineral belt of lhe west
that has sucwl large ore' Ibolie.s, siJ uni
formly irupregnated \'ith g cl in a fret.
state, with such an at ul:l'r ce oef ch('eag
fuel and elcctric power Itpsilbiliti.s. a"
the Thunder mouint.ti rounlllitr. be
lieve that by milling on t I largo seal.'
these ores .ain me treac ' sc 1 *r sl.iA i 9
ton.
It is true that the disi ri t is isolatte!-
200 miles from a igailro: Il Y-c. the fl
mous Ilomestake ctllllpany el'clarri
phenomenal dividends on $4 .rI., with
the nearest railroad at 4'ier're. m, miles
away. The stamp mill of ' ololtel I),ew
ey at Thunder mounitain is a fair test
of the cost of the tretaltm'.nt .if or.'s 14
this district. These st MinI \\we'i'jh .only
370 pounds. yet in A.\A nsti aunt Selt l'n
her each .lanip of ilthe tiI ;,i rag.e
four and olle-hlllf I( ý-1 I 0 i \\ .lty four
hours. (;old s \:10 (1 :111 .:!m I 1o, t .to
per toni : cost (" initii :,. th
ore was $ r .t I .t ;:r ici is
tl'iet no ,w ye,lei gnisstl I w!y :,' ,y
the gold prrhi l(' t i .n ' i, n st
based upon os
iug coiutriis di ait r
ty ye rti's, thle "F lit : h; I (lis
trict will p ,i 10 n xt
l i f t e e n y o u 1 ar 1 1 n + , , .+i t in O
the days of 'Virc . ,
The gohi is i t
IThci it c o unll inl itt , 0 ', i
scientilic exlp It. i - - ; oodt
as that of tim I(nVt , n he
disproVdl. N-ar:y ! - , ifie
cxpert for so e l (':: 1 ( i '' ("4 c)n
dent ins a t i go . l .d . I ill atter
where it lmay I.e 'eit . I1a il e' la
behind the htUeo di . meli. and
uncovers the pr(cio iis i ', I,!. :ltc the
scienItific expert is sht.n l i1. :tve made
a poor guess.
This was a nalolle ft'at in th Tona
paugh. Leadville and ( rilppil ''reckl dis
tricts. Last stpring th 'exp vts" came
to Thunder mountain and afteir a cou
ple of days' examination 'of at dis
trict 20 by 40 miles in (xteltt "turned
It down" and declared it was another
"fake." Yet experts sometimes guess
right. They are now guessing right in
the Th~under mountain country ever
since the famous strikes of last July.
No tribute has to be paid to the smelter
or the railroad in Thunder mountain.
The ore Is mined and reduced to bullion
on the ground and sold at the assay of
flce in Boise City.
Thunder mountain has in embryo a
dosen homestakes today, and it has
only taken a few mopths of prospecting
to bring about the results. In the great
rush doubtless many valuable acres
have been passed over. It all could not
even be scratched. Great strikes will
be made during the coming summer on
ground overlooked, for that has been
the ease oftentimes in nearly every min
ing camp discovered. The rush of peo
ple to the Idaho mining country next
spring is bound to be phenomenal. All
over the west preparations are already
being made, and before springtime the
fever will be in the blood of the eastern
speculator and investor.
But a word to all. Do not start before
the 20th of May. The altitude of the
district is only 6,000 feet. but three to
five summits must be crossed, and till
May 20 the snow banks are high and
deep. The pack animal cannot pass
them, and without the pack animal
1 +
DAN CASWELL AT WORK ON HIS CLAIW.
there is no bed, no bread or comfort.
Which is the best road or trail? I woubl
net answer that question for the price
of a good mi:e. There are six ways to
go in. If I rhould saly whliih wasi ti'
best, the inhabitants oif hlie thr live
would annihilate me oin ,y return. for
I am going back. 4o to lH(ol . which
$s the starting place for a l. Ti ,re you:
WHil learn all about it.
CHARLES .Y. PERKINS.