A.\t~p ;-N ( !2:'A ~I1N.
EAGERNESS OF F:LIPINCj TO AO
QUIRE '4AMF k!CANu ' LDUCAMION.
In i)olu' to rnitt. 'n.,4. .·I.'.44In.
I'u lit InIV* rn 4 ioni
ýC1'11 1'Iý,~u ". .1illli I Ti :lllli'l.1 t':l icn
toil' t1 ii r: .t i ,:i~ i I'ttlll ,11 jllie- i l I lith
ho 'lotllnt' hei " l. l W1 . Itt $it't it itse
1""4t 1.il1t1t fnul zoitItI'hu' 111,tt.1ii Ii "1i -l' t a:1 t i t
L" 14 f1 . r'1 1 I; II I I1,, I11 Ii'liilll fi 'lllRt
),17lrl rllt l11 iii cIln1l f; I Iý 114.11 :h unt: il
Tll': T'tl 'll Ili it111. .\11 4"-11t4 ; 111}' 11Crnrlir
t 1(11 I0ts
pEu tit"Ing till l~lt I1" '?*t elil gouit~ititits,
FRIED W. A rIINRON.
iSuperintwiden oI f Ithllic schols.]
cadtion of the rhing generation was the
most powerfe.' lever x\ ith which to ele
vate the Fi.ipino people to the stand
ard of 'good and useful citizenship.
When ue qinestiun arose as to where
to fin-I for this work a man who com
binil the necessary pedagogical train
SpIo and experience with the business
..-bility to grapple with the manny prob
lems of construction and administra
tion presented in this new field, the
commission consulted the presidents
of the leading colleges of the United
States. As a result Professor Fred W.
Atkinson, a Harvard graduate, then
principal of the Springfield (Mass.)
. high school, was tendered the position,
it being understood that he was recom
mended by both President Eliot of Har
vard -and President Schurnmau of Cor
.-nell. The appointment was unsolicited
Aby Professor Atkinson and was entire.
°ly nonpolitical. After an investigation
of the proposition. in which he became
deeply Interested In the Filipinos and
their country, he accepted the appoint
ment as general superintendent of the
public Instruction of the Philippine Is
lands and entered upon the duties of
his office on Sept. 1, 19000. Since then
he has been busy on the prelknlnary
Seeatruction work of a system of edo
- atoon based substantially upon oar
own. He has had to build from the
ground up, but has already much to
show for his efforts.
The cause of education In the archi
pelago will no doubt be greatly advanc
ed by the appointment of Professor
Bernard Moses, one of the civil com
miesioners. to the head of the depart
ment of public instruction. which, with
other bureaus. Is being organized by
Governor Taft and is expected to be In
ojieration before Sept. 1. Prior to his
acceptance of a position on the Philip
pine commission Professor Moses was
,for a number of years an instructor In
the University of California, holding
* the chair of history and political econ
omy. upon which subjects he is recog
nised as an authority. lie has publish
ed several books which have given him
!high rank among the political econo
mists of the country. Four lectures
ipublished two years ago under the title
"Democracy and Social Growth In
&ares' attracted wide attention. One
branch of study Professor Moses has
i.onducted for several years, the fruits
f bhlich will prove of sleclal value to
Uh in his new position. Is "The Colo
Slal Systenms of Different Nations."
Reports which reach here from the
PhilippInes, oficial and otherwise, in
dicate gratifying progress in the es
;tabishment of the educational system.
idplte the obstacles encountered.
,Upon the basis of recomdfendations
male by Superintendent Atkinson the
eolamilson some time ago emacted
Ila creating a centralized department
it pubtle Instruction for these islands,
and under the directlon of the general
suptMntedent there are to be 18 dlvi
ale superlntendents located at the
mate Important towns of the arcbh
yego which has been divided Into 18
irlehol divisiona as follows:
Iam . Populiation .H Bedquarte
,Mss. dr7 .............. ao.ooo ........ Mania
..... ........ . . .... Tas·ns· .......... tno
-1 ...............-. 01.7s ....... BHolod
..a...see weras .... tansam
1 ·: -.~L~uyY- lu.· ~ 4 bg ur hm~h
. Vinan
.a . .ih ,an
n ['ii.rr
`on s, 11 ri lte 'rlnts have lven chosen,
hI I I I, .... v I : . l4 Iv ' 1 1 inL44Il.'d
i , - 1 1 ; 1 t . us . I l (ho l law en-.
lnt ,I bv Ito c1 n14j'i144 ialso llrovi .les
f-. I,. ' . ............... . . I t , 1. ....44444 . 4 I 4 s
fr l I ................. , ,of h. ..i.. 1.n,4 ,
h"r .: Iv .........44 ... .,' .. 41cho . 'The,,
tIl 1 :1 1S\\ I:11 \l :1t llr.':1 ls is i4 t t i llh ndls
"of 111 l ri4t4 nd4llnt .\I i"141s44n, w'lo hasii 4
'til4 th1: r I'lrliti llr irs. of \his ii' to
this work si44e!' tiihe Jp:1 '.Le of the .c't
ault lh l'iziig t11.1lr lapplointui4t nt. Ac
or4'llil4 14 t r4l''iorts floll) \inlila, lmore
iII:n ".441$) tei 'chers' :4411li "tios144 from1
all 11i.rt.s of 1th' 1'nitl41 St:'ts hiiave
1,4 .1 :;c('41ived and 1'I'Sl4ed upon 1y hm111.
A\l li J 4i4 o 1s f i'or t .ach rs' ipositions la I
the l'hili ppinelh s 1iihave 144, i il'ece' iv'41
f11i 1 nall 'l'asses' and lproflssions. not
4a f('etw I. lig I , l ('1 i1il:4 14 ' lawIyVi4'4s,
hi4lin',ss i1, 4 ind practir t l 441i 1lchinists,
dolnhtless t ith li v4iIw to securllring
trlispo1 tation h to this ne w field. Hlow
ev'Ir, 1n44444 1 apl4licntllons hiavet il444 4i'l
,ceivel fromt l prof'ssiothl4lll teachel44rs
vouchelld'' for In the hlit~l4hest te.rlms ily the
(ed1lcato. l 4'll autlhorities.. A number of
this cllasi s have slIg4il.lld their willing
41144 t14o l''cept the ll' t i44' sal:rl es for)'
work in the Philippines as they lnow
r'e.4'vl In th1 e United StI:taes, 4andI1 a few
lhave offered to go for less. The leha(- -
Ing '4 lle'g's 41and normal, sc(hools are
heartily co-olperating with Superintend
'ent Atkinsoiin II securingi teachers.
No religious distinctio4n ast been
1nlel lan tIhes appoilntments,l , nor has
any rnce line been drawn, the sole de
sire being to se(cure compelltent and en
tlhuslastic teachers of the highest
char'acter. It lha4, been deemed wise,
1howevel'r, to rel4'4ire that all appointees
io this work ihall be citizens of the
I'itlld Stat1'9. The chief relluirenients
fur aplldltmlnent specified by Sulper
Intendelhit Atkinson are graduation
from a college or normal school of
gaol' standing and evidence as to the
'.,ild cha1rrarter and nUCr4ssful teaching
cexperilnce of the applicant, to be fur
ninhld by school Iiien with whom1 he
is p,'rsconally atluainted and I.. whose
jutllidilrent lie has confidence or by
1lll4 .:ti1a4ll1l ofltiilals4 whoslle character is
knowni to him by repulte. A linited ap
pointing lltllhorlty ins been conferred
by hhl upon neal rly all the leading col
leges and tlorriial schools in the United
States and ullpn manlly of the state
Five hundred .right and enthuslastle
young men and women who have re
ceived notice of appointment as teach
ers In the Philippines are now on their
way to the orient or soon will be.
They are conveyed thither by the army
transports, going by way of San Fran
cisco. About half this number left on
the transport Sherman a few days ago,
and the balance will go on the next
outward bound transport. The war de
partment has been very liberal in its
treatment of the American teachers
and has greatly facilitated the educa
tional work of the commission in the
Philippines.
In a report to the commission Super
intendent Atkinson says:
"The greatest present need Is that of
adequate and suitable school build
ings. As soon as practicable all tooms.
buildings or parts of buildings rented
or assigned for school purposes should
be used exclusively for school pur
poses, and no teacher or member of a
teacher's family should be permitted
to dwell therein. All school buildings
occupied by soldiers or In any way
used for military purposes should be
turned over to school authorities at the
earliest practicable moment. Nearly all
the buildings that have been used for
military purposes are in a poor eoa
dition. and It will be necessary for the
municipalities to spend money fo
their alteration and repair."
It is Superintendent Atkinson's pol
icy to make the English language the
basis of all public instruction at the
earliest practical moment, and it has
4-i
1IBNILBD MXo!.
lCommtaioner of puLhic instructlon]
already been introduced as such. This
seems the part of wisdom, since only a
small portion of the population speaks
Spanish, and the rest is divided as to
language into a dozen different Malay
dialects, each unintelligible to the
other.
Superintendent Atkinson announces
to the Filipinos that the American sn
perintendents and teachers are being
brought from the United States for the
purpose of creating and putting into
operation a school system for these is
lands and that they are coming to
teach the Filipino teachers American
m.ethods. He tells them that no Flllpi
no teacher will be discharged from any
position be may now hold except for
incompetency or immorality and that
as soon as they prove themselves capa
ble to take charge of their own schools
the United States authorltles will turn
the administration thereof over to the
'iliplnos. B r au. Hvass&a,
4ý S
CHARTER
I kt k , +ttl I1 I .it i ', I, . ,.fIre
I t. i ( a It. I, , l l . .lit - , t , i\ l, I ,r, I
.Cinl ,it ( .m.,t .1i,, , 1 .I h.1l l.,, . ,.
I',Ill l - I,11 11t ,IA. 11 1l .l it, .I il to N )
t.lu '\N i i \1 I.Ii it] byin,' tha
]iatue it rnl i! " h+ , I- lit p thic r itid , it
,f tilt It r , l -ci .i sii - .tt ' i fi lift v t ,
"It1<` ;aIlil ".'l '.l r .'l" - I f.l[' + p Irat t'+H I III' H
ef,,r thei +i, tro f. r '-i t e urp,,.t I f 1 It tir
ntsofter ., t f, l. \ hwh th " 'ltrchby
adopt as thlt .int'iirtt
,RTI.L.E I.
lThe r;ll." ofc till , totr en r iot sh:II1
he " IltE A\II..\NIA ANI)
IIRE\ 1'.0 :T 1I tII, ANt' (;.\5
l( ;)\ l1'\ N . I'l11 . '' 1. )' andl by that
name it ,hall hlte thi l pl t-ter :aiud ai.
th rIrty tic o T n ol.r stt lct '.-titi l for fifty
yarsti tof tltr. c't, c ,Int and te 1;Y a dbe
Iuse a c.rlnricite f t: h:is , pcorrh:tio
la se. ll e i till (tl. pot f Sel prcoperty
real and per,,nal , and to namne man
ttagers, !ireti ti l ant agents iti the itn
terI ,t of ithe nr ir itlon s ir a requt ire,
and. io nl.k' -ucrh lifv t il:\\ . tand rohll'
fpr the pr oper itni l.tgeitlett of the af
.itirs of ithe corporatin as mayi be
ARTICLE I1.
The damicil ck f this corporation
shall he in the C(ty of Shreveport,
i horuisana. iind all ct itatin, and other
legal proe.,s 'hall 'e senrvtl on the
dpredl nt ,l r it h lt, nci Ticl e t the office
of the (a' lltpiny tactl,hln g for nlaw.
ARTI('LE Ill.
The coriect for which tilnl corpora
tion is organized is to ,icvel,,p ()il. Gas
or ninerils onli anV c it proiperty id
said patih or in the t i tlte of louisiana
Iland to do all tiangs in cicfental to orly
apportaining to itch hnl in MaL
ARTII('LE IV.
The cairst l stock f th ors corporation
is hereby :lithorlized to he (. I Hund
dres.d and IS. Aid. J. hn. I,,lerts. ,0 S0.
o) diillars, dividedo hall srv wentie thirun
dred shares. at one hundred dollars per
share, the sa chsock t bhe paid for in
full when sulbcribe,l in money or min
thisal land arportnd sah athin is aent,
thorize(I to c',nnenl'ce llusiles, when
Twelve Thousand Dollars, for t20
shares) are sutrlensrlt fr ani cretaid up
ARTICLE ,.
ati thtefirst of srate powers aref this colr
pcration shall he vsctcd in a board ot
directrs cols are cf f rande stock
holdcers wh shall be electet annually
on the first Monday in May
The firstck pboard of directors is dei
clared to e F. M. Grreene. W. I. d-ritte
kins., R. S. lldabe J. B. Rentitleertd to S A.
adkihodrs who shall she adrve until thei
successtors are chosen. The officers of
this corporation shall be a president,
vice-president, treasurer aision secf thretary
and the first of said officers are declar
ed t bmme L. F. Allda. Presidenth R. P.
rectnkrs. Vice- Pre stockhoidentrs M. M.
Pruitt. Treasurer and ................
Secretary. and they shall serve until
their successors are chosen and said
officers shall be elected annually on
said first Monday in M;'y. A majority
of the stock present shall elect the di
I rectors, and in all elections or proceed
ings of stockholders each share of
Sstock present or represented by written
,-proxy, shall be entitled to one vote.
Instice of all elections or meetings of
' :ockholders shall be advertised ten
days in a daily Shreveport paper; di
rectors to be chosen at office of the
lcompany under supervision of three
iccmmissionets appomted by the di.
I rectors from the stockholders.
ARTICLE VI
Failure to hold an election for di
rectors on day named shall not dissolve
the corporation, but the incumbent di
rectors shall hold over until their suc
cessors are duly qualified and elected.
Any vacancy in the board shall be fill
ed by the remaining directors. The
;', rd of D;rc tors shall have power to
contract debts, borrow money, appoint
a general manager and do all things
nccecsary to carry out the objects and
pt;rposes of this corporation.
ARTICLE VI!.
No sale of stock shall be binding or
valid on this corporation until same
has been transferred on the books of
the corporation. which have the prefer
ence in purchasing all shares offered
for sale. No stocklholde- shat! be lia
ble on an', ohligation of this corpora
tion, in any further sumn than the
an: ,t.nt of it pa;d hla'.".- on his stock.
On failure of a stockholder to pay
•(r stock sithscribcd. it shall he op
iox:l. "l;'h the P, arc! of D;rcctors ei
rher to declare 'he delinquent shares
forfeited to the onrporation or to sue
the subscriber for the price due
thereon.
ARTICLE VTlf.
This corporation is authorized to in
crease its capital stock to Two Hun
dred and Fo,rty Thousand Dollar; b3
a two-thirds vote of all the stockh,ol'
ers at a meeting held according to law.
Such original stockholders shall have
the right to particinate in said increas
ed issue of stock in proportion to hold
ings of original stockholders, and in
default thereof the other stockholders
shall first have a right to purchase said
stock before it is offered to third per
sons.
ARTICLE IX.
This charter may be changed, amen
ded or dissolved in any way (except
to increase or diminish its capital stock,
which shall be done by vote of two
thirds of stock present) with the as
sent of three-fourths of the stock rep
resented at a general meeting of the
stockholders convened for this pur
pose after thirty days previous notice
published in a daily Shreveport paper.
Whenever this corporation is dissolved
by limitation or otherwise its affairs
shall be liquidated h"b three commis
sioners elected at a stockholders meet
ing. who shall have full power to wind
up its affairs, settle its indebtedness
and distribute the proceeds among the
stockholders.
Done and passed at my office in Cad
do Parish. Lotruiiana. in the presence
of R. K Colquitt and W. T. Colquitt,
competent witnesses, on this 17th day
'f 1un1. ,Atn) I)ullti Ninelteen hun
N,,. ir. v ' l'. -. (" ,ft) i . ,
1: I\ ( t i ' i ? " I I"l
VF. T. 1.l1 s \T Ii '.
tBv I, I \' ,..
i \1 \ I' ,' c.
S\ N \\ KliI\-.
hv \. \I 1 l t,'
' \ 1. 't. I F II' I T.
hA 111W Al ts
1" A. AT1 11' \"
lv T.. F A Pt'd.iv.
TIr t, e -.trin,.c l the ·lIove charter
anl ritlinI iin t on the lretin ontrirvy to
l ,'. FI o ,r e the :irni this oth dty
,,f n or' i,, . l(tI R I.\N\D.
l i-trict \tt, rn. i. First Judicvial )is
trimt ,f l.0( i i 0a.
(1" .,1 .r 1
"Filled an rccrtlerl the 271'h dyv of
T"ue. Jon 1 If I FVY.
i.n ty (' hrk lnd F' (Ihlein 1'rec,',der.
-itre ,f .,m i-i.ian:. t';ri-h of (' lt, ,'.
I hFerc , certify thiat the usoee ead
I ,r. int is e true and cn rrct co .p o
the oritiF l art, as the i a sme now n
,'irs otn file and of recurd in mry of
(iven tinder mty hi:nd and seal of of
fice, this 28ih d: lv if litne. 11)01.
F A EON \RP.
(Clerk and ~Ex Ofl o Recorder.
Saving De sits
Merchants; and: farmners Bank
Corner Spring and Texas Ste,
8$hroveport, La
The saving deposits of the bank is one of
its deservedly popular features. Interest
at tbe rate of thrse per oent per annum is
allowed oe all sums of one dollar and up*
wards remaining on the oalendar three or
more calendar months.
When made during the first three days
of any month, interest is allowed on these
deposelts as ii made on the first day of the
month. Interest on all sums not with.
drawn will be payable on the first days of
February and ;August, and interest not
then withdrawn is added to the principal
thereby gvlylng depo i.ors oompound
interest.
D epoete may be made by married wo
men or minors, in their own names
Faoilities are given depositors to draw
money.
Deposite made for a loneager period than
six n onths Jraw a higher rate tha erdli.
ary savings dlenosite.
Leon R. Smith
AITORNIY AND COUNSILLORAT LAW
(aMe: bmith Butidlng, on Spring street
Will practice in all State and Feder
Court s
Jul es Dreyfass, David F, Taker
DIEYFUSS & 'TABEh
lira Insuranct Agents.
222 Milainm Street.
Respectfully solicits a share
of your business
0. VWOIRAR SAM ADAMS
VORTIAN & ADAIS
TINNERS.
BALVANIZED IRUN CISTERNA
MAD IM I &M oAotIrl
0O0FIlG AID GUTTBIII6 i SPICIILTI
514 MA B SHL LL STREET
Dr. J. J. Scott.
PHYSICIAN AND SURGEON
Biates for Orders at
Rels~r & Brows's, 220 Texas Stree
Iler's Pharmacy, Texas and Market
Avery's Phs macy, 735 Texas street
corner Common Street.
RES1DENCE: 814 Common Street.
Telepho e
DO YOU
WANT
A SAFE.
GEO. A. FORSCHLER,
Agent for Worth Baum 8afe and
Lock co.
Hall Safe and Lock Co.
Natlonal Safe and Lock Co!
All orders will receive prompt at
tention Address
Sh reveport, La
Levi Cooper Simon Cooper
COOPER BROS.
MISSOURI LIVERY. SALE
AND FEED STABLES
Asd Stoox Lots
Corner *t Louisiala aud Texas Streets
Shreveport. La.Telephone b
Sub scribe for
The Caucasian
UP TO) DATE IN WORKAND -APPLIANC Ae.
Shreveport Plumbing & f lectrical:Co
LIMITED
A!rt -.1i1ql1il w\ith the 1h' ,t imprtvi(ir l sti;pllies for
]Bath 1.',,ii.-i, Ia vatorv, (l,,.ets a;tl all wv(rk c(nnectcel
with I)lu]ml)inLr. Special attentiou,1 ivten to 'clºpairing
(as and Steam !litting. All work guarantcelI. Priced
r.)aso.nal)c.
Office on Milam near Spr ng Street "
Belle of Lexington
WHISKEY
4 Quart HB)ttlc, (or gallon jug)
-CEtLE5BATEQ-. DELIVERED
Free of Express Gharges For
$3 00 CASH!.
KAqN LIOUOR AND GROCEIY CO
Corner 'Texas and Spriiig Sreets.
Waukesa Witmin Rach ol .
Having made arrangeme',ts with the bottlers of the frst ater
ever bottled in Waukcsha,-and the Water that made Waukesha famous
X'e are enabled to place Silurian Springi Water on this mnarket so that
all may derive the benefit ot its wonderful curative powers,
$6 per case of no bottles We allow $2 for the return of empty
bottles and case.
We Have a Few Cases Left Of
Sheboygan Ginger Ale, in Quart Bottles, 5o to the case, at $5, and
we allow $i.jo per case for returned empties.
Henry Rose Merc. & Mfg. Co.,
[LIMITI D.]
SPRING TIME A
WILL SOON BE HlIRI
and you will need Field an
Garden Seed. Call on us at
xI' I 108 Texas :street and get
what you want. We hav
.A44 1a full line of fresh seed
No old stock. Write for
Catalogue. *
TITu tern die Vei1,
108 Texas Street.
8 B H;CM8 Proe. TALE HICKS, VlY.-PYrs. W.F CHAeZ, Beoy TreM -
DI RCTORS;,
fAL3 HICKS 8:B BICK8, FR GOMAh, W F CHA 3,
a un vOVEALL, STE TYNSON
THE HICKS COMPANY
LIMITE L
Wholesale Grocers
and Cotton Factors.
Office. and Warehouse, Corner Spring and Travis
and Texas and Commerce Streets
TO THE PUBLIC
You are hereby:notified thatlI will
keep open
Night and Day.
Except Sunday, and willdeliver
Paints, Oils, Varnish, Wall Paper,
Etc., at any time. I have determ
ined to keep in the lead and don' ,
you forget It. Ring Phone,88;
...WELLMANI
--.