THE CAUCASIAN.
Official Journal of the
City of Shreveport.
Il tlRSI)A . FER to. 1903.
Ct CRL'M RE ECTEl).
It has been announced froth \Vahing
iin that the tinitud Stt'tte- Senate has
disapproIed the appoiai'ilnt hr Pr'si
dent it (i scvclt of I)r. Crtum a' collector
of the port of Chartuntii. S. C. In one
sense the rejection 14 1)r. ("rum i: a
surprise to the Cancansian. hut it is strict
lv in conformity with "the litiei of all
good thing-.. I ir. Crtoum o cc ion
able to the peoule of Sotit ii Car ii na not
oili because of his rare hnt blcatVse fie
peopei of Charleston are firm iii their
contuntiln that a man m1re siitihic for
the position shou. t he appointed be Mr.
Roosevelt. I)r. Crum i< of the class of
colored people who are educated and
have reached a standing in life which
gives them rccognition and advantages
over the less fortunate of their race. and
it is with Dr. Crum is with men of the
Caucasian race. In the appointment of
lar. Cruim, President Roosevelt irritated
an antagonism. which lie should have
Mnollified. In Charleston there are no
doubt white men who are good and tried
Republicans who can fill the appoint
mient creditably. Why not name one of
them? In time Mr. k1{osevelt will learn
a thing or two: he will acquire some ex
perience; and he will realize tha he can
not ram a nigger down a white man's
throat because he is President of the
United States. The rejection of Dr.
Crum is an indication that there is left
in a Republican Senate some apprecia
tion of the right of the people to object
to an appointment by the President.
POLITICAL AGITATION.
The political agitation in Louisiana
will soon become active and the issue
will not be so much on the selection of
Governor and State officers but on how
the nomination shall be made. The great
majority of Democrats who vote are in
favor of nominatiofu by primary elections
against the convention program which
is manipulated by a chosen few in the
interests of a few, the exclusive benefit
and welfare of "the select," the favored
slated regardless e the expressed
wishes of the peotple. When the eam
paign opens po these lines there will be
a warm and heated political atmosphere`
about the few who, in the future. may
venture to manipulate the convention as
in the past, according to their own sweet
will and as they see fit. Then there will
be a kowl and a kiek which may raise
tite roof from the Democratic temple of
Lotuisiana.
A Russian oblenan was sent to jail
in New York city for expectorating on
the pavement. Some friend should in
form him that it apocers to be mntch
safer to expectorate in the direction of
the Monroe Docdrine, The foreign no
blemen who do that are nut sent to jail.
They are asked to arbitrate.-The Com
moner.
The foreign noblemen may epeeto
rate in the direction of the Monroe Doc
trine and escape a licking by Uncle
$ass; they may expectorate on "a per
lieman' in New York, but nary one
- would venture to spit tn 'a sidewalk in
Shreveport under a penalty of $r4o.co
fine or a hundred days on the rock pile.
Picwtrt it mind one of these noblemen
breaklng rocks on the rock pile. His
fitdied dignity would become too utter.
ly inter for Anything.
Tie States says: "Adelina Patti has
agreed to make another farewell tour of
this country, givsig sixty concerts. for
whieb Irupet Orsi has contracted to
pay ber $3oo,aooo With such substantial
!. .couragrment the probabilities are she
sohni more 'farewells.' as
She seems to be taring pretty well on'
this side:'
ft would appear from the tenor of the
New Orleans Pieuynne theai the council
sf that city have siven to the Frisco
rmad every d.sirable privilage and ton
ces+oq not already donated to corpora
tins. And som peopte fluid fancy that
the repgstautis of the people of New
Oeftaet are as prodigally generous.
A rader of The Cnmmer desires to
Mnes whether Aunarney qeneraf Knox
view arecewving pay salary from any
cotstioe. The qoatiosr is asked in
rtr to kaos wmheier the attorney gen
aY tsa t rasen orm vot en
,c 4n*ae ene-m
Aenq Oenera X c has declared
sir Prp ;t Ge nera.
o rdStjdt his touis 1
sue' > tody rs
AIR. TOWEN AS A DIPLOM\T.
T1lh' Pticayi'ne in an editorial headed
"The I 'ittonm 1CV in the \ tneiuclan
C<..
it iabem a 1 nv title -inti .. atle
:;1 \n i ri ian a Hlerbl rt \\. 1n ntl. the
I ~i~ lii i i iri' r .centing \ tni aci in
i ti p t .inart 0t 1 Cuhiri nl imi> \ ehnt. tai
iIr li' l i stc Mr s itel Si ite, ii i 'ta vr
ti portiinlpee bt ihen igik of arhigrat
\tu ii " t R eit tlie al liw- lc . tlittt n ini
tery :fd (Germlmy. Eiilngh l toi Iltaly
cale upt hrt w. I- chi jien rn Vnee aneea tbl
_ refr te tu her iiierc it a in the prst t red
"In thi caita s ie i r. v it ty h id not have
r teat ititwr anid pre tige cf thi great
\m rican Repu itli, hi back. but. on
I the chntrarye Ile reprei ented a fetitl
1power again'it three of the great nati-ns
i of Europe. iie far pitted againcs their
ot ill ld ditltomiati 'ts mi'. et:tIl hitS. thain
tained t i t <go t j e a lieinttst tian fat . a cit has
bttn isbinciitd tue nriist att identratIc
idust eing, tut it ha nit itotffect a nddl
ofim. it 11pr been orimidter. nI hyare
easilya than he irstige dtfeatied tn di
roni tace. I e- xcrv wer he ir cn iseabl
great triemph for the case in which
the is en listed.
"A hod nch th ;achlcc trheain ends r.
who has recently ie, toe an entedcive tour
of of iration in this politic . Taid th
il tits diplomacy a
" "rInnted diplomats. of Eurp are gen
tlemien r-ecrutited fit m the richest. the
most r.ite. the iis t ceremonieves, the
1most egoltir-iical, the most infatuated, the
most limited, the asoast anti-democratic
Class; they gather ribbons tan medals
of imperial royal orders. They array
themselves in gorgeous apparel of laces
and plutes iedn absurd tinselt yet still
t manage to draw prestige and authority
from them. They cover their miserable
nakedness before the eyes of the people
with a double veil of mystery and false
hood. aito they achieve their ends by
duplicity, circumlocrtion and deception.
The time has come to put an end to this
sort of international politics. To the
devil with tortuous diplomacy and su
perannuated. diplomats.'
"Mnr. Bowen is a shirt sleeves diplo
mat. but lhe is also an able international
lawyer, able to meet his trained oppo
nets at every point. It has been said of
him that he believes that duplicity is as
inexcusable between lonest nations as
let ween gentlemen, and that- his chief
ditty is to promote peace, and especially
friendship between his native land and
the nation to which he may be accredit
ed.- Call it of the 'shirt sleeves' brand if
yout will, but Ameriand diplomacy is of
the kind that lettves no doubt as to its
Awa ning, antd requires tno expounding
nftirward by the pttbli fists. It is honest,
anoe it accomnplishecs results."
A CALL IT) ARMS.
The Cninmoner. lrevn os paper, i' "A
( ill to \ri i " says:
"1)emocrats vho are 1)emocrat. from
principle should assert themselves. Not
on'l is it their tint to do vn, but they
nied to do so if they woold save the
paret from disaster and dcmoralization.
Reports from evcry section of the contn
try make it certain that those who hft
the party in tsi96 under the pretense of
opposition to hunietalhisin are making a
systematic effort to regain control of
the party with a view to placing it in
the position it occupied under Grover
Cleveland's administration. in this they
are being aided bfthe less extreme rep
resentatives of the corporation element
that voted the ticket for reglarity's sake
without endorsing the platform. These
elements do not work openly and hon
estly, but covertly and through agents
who,beg for 'harmony.'
"It is time that loyal Democrats were
aroused to the danger confronting their
party and its principles. It is time they
were organizing to combat the insidious
inflitences at work within the party to
republicanize it and make it acceptable
to the corporation interests. for a Dem=
ocratic party that espouses principles ac
ceptable to the trusts and the money
power is Democratic in name only. Only
thorough organizaticn will be effective
against these undemocratic influences.
This work of orgahization should begin
now and be prosecuted with vigor. The
best way to go about this work is the
organization of clubs within the party
in every voting precinct in the country.
Miss Alice Rooseveft, daughter of the
President ,will attend, the Mardi Gras
in New Orleans this season. Wonder if
she would be offended if the colored so
ieety of the.-Crescent City should try to
niopoliz her? Thy would be warrant
ed in such a step by the predilections of
her daddy.--Ruston beder.
The insinuation is as ungenerous as
it is uncomplimentary. Miss Roosevelt is
not responsible for the idiosyncracies of
her iatherand when in New Orleans
she will be welcomed antl entertained as
a lady worthy the esteem. of ladies and
ge.teom.
A RESIDENCE BURNED.
t*ry auig;t about 12:30 o'clock the
~ e$Mr. J:ues Ivey, No. 406
w e ,etwas discovered on fire.
sin e whn rbechd by the
' fthi4e Ae
iu the hoas l to bur yourB I Prices
eulpplieo for Reast money; UR IfII ~ 'fI W maenukrhpea'
also quickest shipments. W y~w su . r t ir eas.
and save 15 to 40 per cent on everything you use. It can be obne. Ove@ 375,00(! ' avi 'awake, careful
buyers sent us their orders last month and got high grade, honest mcrchandise the kind it pays "o buy atag
big saving over usual prices. They were the people who knew the value of a dollar saved. You, too, can do jg
A FEW SPECIMEN VALUES are here shown, selected from our I1oo0page catalogue. jvhich contains picture..
and prices on 70,000
articles of everyday use. (KITCHEA RACE SEWING
TABLE t CURTAINS ý . Aachin.
MORRIS CHAIR A very tan.Iv Made in imitati~on ,"r, 14t
Made of goldIn oak or in tioe, space ao lf and luok loe 61, v hea
mahocony or weathered Rabor savmr. mpr d high i" rout.
oakfl ish. Massive, heavy horiwnod: t,, Kr6e i gnod' ea Well
carved and well-finished whiteandframe torha hI. antift l c Aof i lidooak,.
frame:reversibleeushions finiohed in the tachedd -ign hand 16 orkito
covered with imported golden tolor. 2 eonm, l0bon and q iranteed fo
figured velour pinch: ad- drawers, 2 hin olding 50 Ibs. of florurr sug- .O, Hmi al hurler. ant *a tli
justable bark. An exceed- ar each, and 2 baking or meat hoards. 20x46 edge woven to have run l r
inglye nmfort- in. Weight.90lbs. One of the the offert of the relt ruffle 4$' tugnehine f~r the psioe '. iv
able chair. $ 4 5 greatest genuine bargains ever $R*95 im heo wide 4 vardo tong. 9x $ .3 .o"itoely C, Ioeot ;rte l I .
Retailers charge $0.00 to $10.00. offered. Dealers ask $4.90 toS 1.0. eeptional value for the iris. any warranted nImoehinre i. l su 0
Order No. R72. Our Price ... Order No. R441. fOur Price . ... Order Number Pl22 . fold for. Order No. 4,0 I 'rniie.
We have everything in all grades, from ze cheapest that% goot f. She best tha.'s aiade. Write for.
catalogue at once, enclosing 15 cents to help pay the postage.
Eurs mn Contgomer Ward Co.,kictigaf.tv. Chicago.
goode.rt o prce andr ý metod. - o"
DARROW CONCLUDES.
Anthracite Coal Strike tomm1inton Meet*
Next of 1V'anhington.
Philadelphia, Feb. 14.-The anthra
cite coal strike commission, after be
ing in continuous session for more
than three meonths, closed its open
hearing Friday with an all-day argu
ment by Clarence S. Darrow in behalf
of the miners. The commission wilt
meet in secret in Washington next
Thursday and begin the consideration
of its award. It is expected that by
the end of this month the arbitrators
will be ready to make their announce
ment. If an Increase in wages is de
termined upon, the increase is to date
from the first of last November, the
commission having decided on that
date Oct. 31,
After the session Friday the com
mission held a short conference with
the lawyers for the several interests
and asked them to hold themselves in
readiness in case they are called upon
by the commission In his speech M
Darrow to'chied upon almost every
phase of the strike, and when he ('n
ad he was greeted with long applause.
which Chairman Gray did not suppress.
President Mitchell was In court all day,
but did not have anything to say to
the commission in parting.
CHICAGO CONCERN.
Threse Tuff Investment Company OMfee
toe That City Searerhed.
Chicago, Feb. 14.-Three turf 'n
vestment romp"- -y offices were
searched Friday afternoon by dite't
Ives and a number of attaches w re
arrested The head of a fourth con
cern, warned of the proposed mova
ment, made his escape before the *le
tectives arrived. The different firms
visited by the police were the N.
Brolaski company, 31i Dearborn
street, the Mid-Continent Investment
company, 185 Dearborn street. and the
A. J. Demorest Co., on the eighth floor
of the Temple Court building, Dear
horn and Quincy streets. When the
detectives reached the Demorest place
the president of the company. A .f.
Demorest, could not be found, and
there was a number of patrons in
front of the locked door, clamoring
for payment. The raids followed a
general police order to close all turf
exchanges in Chicago.
During the ralo at Benedict & Co.'s
office a number called to collect the
money they had entrusted with the
company. A collector for the collec
tion department of the Continental
National bank also called. Each had
claims aggregating several thousands
of dollars. most of which had been
made by out of town patrons. The let
ter heads of the company have the
name of John W. Benedict as secre
tary and treasurer and W. Curtis as
manager. All persons at work in the
office said they had never seen Bene
diet, but that he was probably at the
main offices, at South Bend, Ind.
BOOKS SEIZED.
Orend Jury of St. Louis Has Posseslos
of All Record;.
St. Louis. Feb. 14.-All books and
records in the oftee of E. J. Arnold &
Co. were seized by deputy sheriffs unt
der order from the grand jury and
carried to the circuit attorney's office.
They will be examined by the grand
jury. John J. Ryan's books were pro
duced on a subpoena.
The investigation is being conducted
under the statutes which provide jail
sentences and heavy fines for frauds
perpetrated through the medium of
promises of p:'ofits on Investments
which are impossible of fulfillment.
ReSenlptn W ra Large.
St. Louls, Feb. 14.-An employe.
who for obvious reasons refused to
-make her name public, stated that at
present E. J. Arnold & Co. has 300,000
Investors. 30.000 in St. Louis, and the
mainder seittered over the country.
The receipts of this company, the em*
ploye says, averaged $26,000 a week.
Woodmeo Circle Oakers.
San Antonio. Feb. 14.-The following
otmcers were elected by the Woodmen
Circle convention: Grand guardian.
Dora Allard, Cleburne; grand advisor,
Meggie Hyde, Dallas; grand clerk, Soc.
oreign Bettle Caldwell, Temple; grand
banker, Sovereign Ida Firmin. Texar
kana; grand magician, Sovereign
Willie Mathies, San Antonio; grand
attendant, Miss Maud Murphy, Fia
toaia; supreme delegate, Mrs. Annie
Walton, Fort Worth; supreme alter
nats, Mrs. Eula Durland. Denlscn;
*pril master. Mrs. Nannie Allen. nnis.
.i we`
f'iM3 I
SAVOR EXiIIBI*.
Teas. vaeIner,' oung..n ,.i" (| ar
ns at Vt. ýonia
Austin. Feb. 14.-The Tc xas tarn,
ers' congress declared itself in favor
of an appropriation of $200,000 Onr an
exhibit at the World's fair Po e held
in St. tonis Such exhibit t*Se the
property of the state. and 90 be storer4
at the capitot in listin.
Alto. approved following:
Appropriation of $10.00% annually
through the agricultursa.l antmechanl'
cal .college for ihe especial support
and maintenance of farmers' insti
tutes, same to be immediately avail
able.
Legislation providing for ate work
ing of short term convicts on county
roads, she tounties to support such
convicts
Mr. Stollenwreck's bill appropriat
Ong $50,000 for a textile department to
be added to the agricultural and me
'hanlcal college.
ANT4-POLYGAM*.
Thin resture of PMlatehmootd ttiiE Again "p
for Uierunnionn
Washington. Feb. 14.-When ire
statehood hill came up Mr. fepew re
samed his remprks and denounced the
Mormon church because he said he be
lieves its members still cling to the
practice of polygamy.
Referring to the anti-polygamy pro
vision in the statehood bill Mr. Depew
said It would seem that "the fine it l
ian hand of the Mormon apostle" had
been at work In the preparation of the
measure andi that the concentrated in
fluence of Mormon hierarchy could he
seen in the determined effort to pre
vent any amendsss'>nt which woisld com
oletely exclude polygamy.
Mr Dubols said that he did nIt think
the ref-'rerc-ns of the opponents of the
statehood bill to polygamy were seri'
ous. He declared that if the statehood
bill Is allowed to be plit on the plst
office asproprlatirin hill he would ,on
sent to and nsivorate the flaring of tie
Idaho con st ttoion relating to electi njs
as an amendment. and require Arisena
and New MexIco to ss'srribe to it h
fore beine admitted.
Pnder the test oath of that consti
tution, he said. Idaho disfranchised
every member of the Mormon church,
end for years they vere % thout S
vote
ELKIN'S MEASURE PASSES.
'Si. Demnnhrate *'t,' Againt 9 and Oro
*eqts Made.
Washington. Feb. 14.-Under the op
eration of a special order, which c-ut off
opportunity to offer amendments, the
house. after debate of an hour Friday,
by a vote of 241 to 6 passed the Elkins
bill to prohibit rebates to shippers
The six members who voted against
the bill were Democrats Mr Itale
of Maine wks present but did non vote
on either the role or the bill The
uDemocrats protested against the rig-c
pus terms of the rule It had hbea
their purpose, they said, to offer tb
provisions of the Littlefield a atn
amendment to the bill. Mr Dalz"li
of Pennsylvania, Mr. Overstrceet of In
diane and Hepburn of Iowa. practical
ly announced that with the passage of
the Elkins bill the anti-trust legislation
for this session of congress would be
complete. During the debate Mr
Cochran (Dem., Mo.,) branched one sf
Mr. fiepburn'½ statement-s as a TDohib
Mrate lie." Contrary to the usual esus
tum this strong language had no se
quel.
Fight to fir Miaie.
Austin. Feb. 14.--The joint re'o(ity
tion introduced in the house Tuesday
by Representative Weinert of Segiiln
and in the senate by Senator Pail,4
of Hallettsville. looking to the repeal
of the constitutional provision exrempt
ing current wages from garnishment.
will encounter strong opposition. 11 is
the first attack on the general exemp
tion laws made at this session of the
legislature, and is looked upon by
many as the entering wedge of an ef
fort to amend the homestead la".
Representatives of organized labor
here are against the measure.
Hills Signeni by Governor.
Austin, Feb. 14.-Governor Lanham
signed the following bills: House bill,
reducing the civil and criminal juris
diction of the county court of Zapata
county; house bill, restoring criminal
Jutiadiction " to the court of Karnes
county; Mr. Standifer's bill declaring
legal bonds ksued by suburban elec
tric lines valid without approval of the
railroad commission.
tOfi SMBEC1!ES.
bfuug MSeau.re' *aI'Mem an *Wmaenoment
*. the Houie
Austin, 9'.b. S4.---The *wrasure Orb
siding for an imbecile asylure was
paissed to Ongrossmieniii t he noose
Friday. A motion *o *ecotsidqi and
table was adopted.
Mr. Wooten sPcureG tenaninious Oon
sent 1 take ilt house hill by Mtessrs.
q.ochelle. Beatty. lonto.. Wooten.
$linn antI Wolin. providing s eward
of $5,0O000 te he Laid U, any one who
will discover a practica) iemedy for
she extermination of he bolt weesit.
No final action wss taken
*he senate passet withoi t opposl
Son Senator Perkins' hill providing
for the continuation of the iron in
dustry at the Risk penitentiary oR an
enlarged scale The bill was amended
on Senator Perkins' own motion to
conform to the views of the peniten
tiary board as "xp essel in their re
port to Governor Lanham.
Senator Hicks' bill requiring rail
roads to have all switches equipped
with switch lights, to be lighted from
sunset to sunrise. and to compel rail
roads to place "de-railm" on all switch
es from the main line on which cars
are left standing, wxs nmoasi
Deplotabie Affair.
Bowle. Tex.. Feb. 14.-Will V. Bailey,
manager for W C. Stripling. while
looking for a supposed burglar, acci
dentally shot and killed his wife and
wounded himself in the left arm.
Silas Hunsuckur, colored, charged at
South McAlester with wife murder,
was refused bail.
ONE FIFTY CENTS
;ill1 Secur( Ili( \\ ceik lh l a me t fi r
Ic-. 1 t S;r iccil R r
S i-crihc N xv.
{~uunen h n n tlii, 1 '.rt ii V 'tira
the It' .t llnint dly , Ohwy the nh rlpip tio
pirce 'f tic \\-cril (itaur cini xiill i
-o c inti . ; ru cti -ii to f half the rc-no is
pricy.
\ x tnt mxcv un site -h criic .. \Vi \vi Ih
lix It ) hnw our fiiittcci' i if i(i
siliscriberi xhox e ' h il ccrililni i xcill lie
rated at -o cent,.
i wild t ino agcllt c f ir licitic- it
the ci iiinlrv to xitin we 1toil-I pay a
coiilumlissoi i. We propi c ti give the
Ibenefit of the algent comminlýýionýh the
ýi ihi cri er.
'lihe *tiicai.n ii the l ii cnp icx'l iper.
It aixi tHi a in -vinpatlihy wiih the
it i - ti''uimghly I)inivcrativ and
',tlnd, f'; thc r'ile if intellig inci and
white " upru-nlar..
It ha: an opiniii on every i .-ic and
qiue''tii in and never straddle: the fcite
Besides timcxly xditirialu . litcai l and
general nocx. it givx' haliniagc - Scr
-n . Pitti -t P ri ccti of lit i r th
cr. ipeciatl furtulrc fir 11e1c t'ch1 t'
and lth tr )1 t ri iin- if i t trri 1
\ilirkcl (litttatI ns arc rcli-ct tvc.kly
;nti arc c()rrect.
A\ll oinhwriptino1- ;11 the r~ t ge l
rent, min 1 xti; l in .vi t
\V c t-"t iii- iii rit a e ''iii ii-- i nj--i- i t
;;11 11 010n , lilt ill -. tt il u lit, 11 ., 1
rears.
Yo r h eiripti, v "ill le ,11ii n ~~ ~'l
Tell yttur friend anl ncighhbur :,,,,i i1.
5 .otle ONLY$ EXPRESS
'Y3PREPAID
CtE' COLDEN AGE
LINCOLN W ~F
OUY WHISCKOEUY
WetheDletllersguaranteethese goodstobn parani 7 vLrs
old. None better at any price We will ship in plin box' 4 to ; nI
address, EXPRESS PREPAID,at the following distiller's pricim.
5 Full Bottles $3.45. 10 Full Bottles $6.55. 12 Full Bottles $7.90.
15 Full Bettles $9.70. 25 Full Bottles $15.90.
sre. glace and oorksorew in es"ry box. Your money back if not as ropro.ioen td.
AMERIEJA3 SUPPLY 00C. 66e Mais At.. Uemphhl, rca.
" 4OTTON MARKET.
*)riMec .f The Cau
Shrtvc ptr1. t1 .. ll. 17,
S1 REVEIORT I A\RKET
i he iiarke, ic d l utc t' I 4 lp
Recetpt1, .2 h; lt'
4!omy iniddhung ..
Mliddling . .
fGood unndhang
U' 3)MPAR.\A [IV\'l STATEM
Stock on hand Sept. r
Received thi, day ... 41
Received prey it unly .0io.457
intal 'tuck thi'. dlad
Shipment to ' ate .li.
Net .ttck to hand
Same day la't year . ..
SHREVEPORT RECEI
This yr.
Since terday . . . . . 42
Same day last year 1. 2.
Thins far this week ... 2.1,36
Thus far last "ear ... 2.980
Since Scot. . .. .... i0.4010
Stack on hand ... ... 10.263
1 his wk. Last wk.
this yr. 19oo
Santrday .. 1.812 797
Monday . . . 222 982
ITesday . . . 42 1.201
Wed day .. .. . 457
IThursda}' . . . 663
Friday 123
Total . . .. 2,i.10 '.223
RICEiPTS AT ALL U. S.
This wk. Last wk.
this yr. 1900
Sat uirdac . . 21.13(t 17.740
11itday . 26.387 2(.633
I ineulay 33.157 27.673
\Ved'day . . ....... 42.22;
Thursday . . .... ' 19534
"en>' .. ..33.155
l tal. 8o0.699 117.000
For Sale--Second-hand
corn wagon. 1". 0. Box
- I .! \Rll s I' (It l'\l. C11
I 'i t . I pea~ring. tct'or--S
'1 . R 11 '1:i 5 sh l \ il
i.' t t t t . i ', t ( ning (r.1 (1 0 0" I il
.: do p in ; Rinf~la ,chtou at r)
I wrylrln ly c' nhat llt tit' t a i t alt
-'ilRIi'S S'i.
. "0=1 In FI'r,1 h lt tal
t hurt. C';ble I'.trih.lt La.:
I il I 'n 1 I. Iii' k' ,.
Ily virtue If ;t brit if -.eixtifr
gale to ine týýnctl I,- the. Ilo'n rari
Di )'trict C m i tut .ai nt Pa:rish1,
the alurety vim i l mal .i !nnmbered
bare ýcved an uti t ll *tler fur
'ublic anctIii o f a :h, actor
lay;. itith t' iii ' 'ht 'It .t
ine'nt. at thet Ironcpal (ru nt dour
r irt ii . ' ' C obb p.tr lh. ii S
I hott
5111 NI \\ AI \N ' it. t
the 1A ;ing .it crtnber protper,
wit: f0tt' t. 4' old 48 tuf the
ýnubtl in uan :n the cits -f Shrev°
i..t. i. itt s r n' , ni ýntt .nce h
,'.19 t 72( . nt !,t 1 i!' I ; E an
, at' t ho Ilt ut .I Skr bb revp
tt : is h t,'h (111 li, lonlim es Rite
lh +b i r : , nt , : te di, ff
ill Il 1( 11 :m ois. h
1 WA\ A