WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
oods, Boots, Shoes and Hats.
NER SPRING AND CROCKETT STREETS.
ATTENTION TO COUNTRY ORDERS.
HERMAN LOEB
DEALER IN
Wool, Tallow, Beeswax, Furs.
RCE STREET, NEXT TO V. S. & P. RAILWAY.
SHREVEPORT, LA.
tee to tree sellers the best prices obtained in St. Louis, New
sburg, Galveston and Houston markets. Promot returns.
Wholesale Dealers in All lCidi of
, Produce, Field and
Garden Seeds.
ef SHREVEPORT STEAM BOTTLING
S and SHIEVEPORT STEAM
. ; CANDY FACTORY.
X25 Texas Street, Shreveport, La.
ip .
.o Th
f LD'
PMrO M -C:
= ;{if
}'s -e....? &u
.tom ý twn :4 " '"i Qi ý.`.. Y}ý ý'^' Nx
k;." .ice 4
sit,
K"M
lull,
°y fu ..' s 9:.
,ý'ý R F s Týuz r"' i ýýý
K SN ` }y
3 ,c > 5,,, y ý,ýf n
to ý Tr'hd _,.
Y _ may
Levying Liccnses in the City of Shreve
portfor the Year 1903.
Section i.. 1c it ordained by the city
council of the city of Shreveport, in
legal assembly convened. that there be
and is hereby levied a license for the
tear 1003. on each person, association
of persons or business firms and cor
porations pursuing any trade, profes
sion. vocation, calling or business sub
ject to license under Articles 229 and
312 of the Constitution. as follows, to
wit :
Sec. 2. All licenses shall be due and
collectable between the 1st and 5th of
January. 1903. and all unpaid licenses to
become delinquent on the 15th day of
January, 1903, after which date penal
ties shall apply.
All firms that commence bdsiness after
the 15th day of January shall become
delinquent unless license is paid within
24 hours. The city controller shall be
gin the collection of licenses immedi
ately after the first of January. 1903.
and collect the same as fast as possible.
Sec. 3. Annual licenses for all kinds
of business hereinafter named, except as
afterward provided for, shall be gradu
ated as follows:
MANUFACTURERS.
Paragraph i. That for carrying on
each business of manufacturing subject
to license under Art. 229 of thy Con
stitution, the license shall he based on
gross annual receipts of said business as
follows, to-wit:
First Class. When the said receipts
are seventy-five thousand dollars or l
more, the license shall be fifty-two and
one-half ($52.50) dollars.
Second Class. When the said receipts
are fifty thousand dollars r more. and
less than seventy-five thousand dollars,
the license shall be thirty-five ($35) dol
lars.
Third Class. When the " said re
ceipts are forty thousand dollars or
more and less than fifty thousand dol
lars. the license shall be twenty-eight
(p28) dollars.
Fourth Class. When the said receipts
are thirty thousand dollars or more and
less than fortyr thousand dollars, the li
cense shall be twenty-one ($21) dollars.
Fifth Class. When the said receipts
are twenty-five thousand dollars or more
and less than thirty thousand dollars,
the license shall he nineteen and one-half
($19-5o) dollars.
Sixth. Cass When the said reecipts
are less than twenty-five thousand dol
lars the license shall be fifteen ($t5)
'lollars.
Provided. nothing herein shall be con
strued to apply to the business of grind
ing t Teal, ginning cotton or making 'su
gar by any farmer or planter.
ratawraph 2. That for each business.
of carrying on a bank, banking compar"
association, corporation or agenec. the
license shall be based on the declared or
nsminal capital and surplus, as follows,
"First Class. When said declared or
aomninal capital and surplus is three
kitndred thousand dollars or more, and
nd fo hundred thousand dollars,
e lkne shall be three hundred and,
ifty 4$3Y- dollars.
"Seoqd Class. Wheti said declared or
Vicatal and surplus is two imun
ddtaousandllars or mnore. and sun
t eupdthd~ thousand dollars, the
em b two hundred an- fifty
sa -.When said; declared or`
in pstal *ts 4saplus is one hun
givid . dollars or more, and less
ta t thousand dollars, thei
1 ;.la it e one- hundred and'fifty'
C . When said declased or
l ai and surplus is 1fbty
t t r Ibre and tunder" one
*l liars. the license
.d b 457 dlans.
" r notninal ,cpital and
det s section, shall
at d raised .up the an
r'I sd ,to fugn~o
ti4 iotde
~~s'ice -captl 5. one
Jrfuat be s ~ii
a jIto5uea t-a
~teor
=ire 3ýf Etyo ºe~
441
swgx laocv -
t5~ . e ate
qi ad1i {pto
thousand dollars, the license shll be
one hundred and twelve dollars and
fifty cents ($112.50,.
Fourth Class. When the annual gross
ennunissions exceed ten thousand dol
lars and are no more than fifteen thous
and dollars. the license shall be seventy
five ($7; ) dollars.
Fifth Class. When the annual gross
cotumissions exceed five thousand dol
lirs and are no more than ten thousand
dollars, the licenses hall be fifty ($;o)
d(iiars.
Sixth Class. When the annual gross
commissions are five thousand dollars
or less the license shall be twenty-five
($2a) dollars.
The intention and ourpose of this sec
tion is to embrace and include all com
missions or brokerage received by any
person or persons, firms or company on
all sales and purchases made, whether
the thing hought or sold is delivered or
not.
Sec. ;. Be it further enacted. etc.,'
That each and every pawn-broker or
keeper of a loan office, whose capital, in
actual use, is fifty thousand dollars or
more, shall be graded as eighth class,
section fourth, the license shall he five
hundred ($5oo) dollars; that when the
capital in actual use is less than ft"
thousand dollars shall be graded as 9th
class, section fourth, the license shall be
three huidred and seventy-five ($375)
dollars.
Sec. 6. Be it further enacted, etc..
That for every wholesale mercantile
business, whether as principal, agent or
commission, by auction, representing the
foreign merchants or otherwise, the li
cense shall be based on the gross annual
amount of sales, as follows:
First class. When the gross sales are
one million five hundred thousand dol
lars or more, the license shall be four
hundred ($400) doll:,s.
Second class. When gross sales are
one million dollars or more, and under
one million five hundred thousand dol
lars. the license shall be three hundred
I( too) dollars.
Third class. When gross sales are
eight hundred thousand dollars or more,
and under one million dollars, the li
cense shall be two hundred and fifty
(42=o) dollars.
Fourth class. When gross sales are six
hundred thousand dollars or more, and
under eight hundred thousand dollars,
the licenses hall he two hundred ($200)
dollars.
Fifth class. When gross sales are
five hundred thousand dollars or more,
and under six hundred thousand dollars,
the license shall be one hundred and fifty
($t;o' dollars
Sixth class. When gross sales are two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars or
more, and not more than five hundred
thousand dollars, the license shall be one
hundred ($too) dollars
Seventh class. When gross sales are
two hundred and fifty thousand dollars
or less, the license shall be fifty ($so)
dollars.
Provided, that no person or persons
shall be deemed wholesale dealers un
lees he or they sell by the original or
unbroken package or barrel only; and
proyided further, that no person. or per
sons shall be deemed wholesale dealers
unless he or they sell to dealers for re
sale. If they sell in less quantities than
original unbroken packages or barrels,
they shall be considered retail dealers,
and pay licenses as such. That for every
bnsiness selling at retail; whether as
orincipal, agent on commission or other
wise, the license shall be based on the
gross annual amount of sales, as fol
lows:
First class. When gross sales are two
hundred thousand dollars or more, the
license shall be one hun 'red and fifty
($tso) dollars.
Second class. When gross sales are
one hundred and fifty thousand dollars
or more, and under two hundred thous
and dollars, the license shalt be one hun
dred ($roo) dollars.
Third class. When gross sales are
seventy-lve thbusand dollars or more,
and under one. hiundred thousand del
lats, the license shall be seventy-fve
($75) dollars.
Foith class. ,When ..gross sales art
fifty tho tsand dollars or snore, and ait
der sevety-ive thousand dollars, the h
cease shall be ($se ) dollars
Fifth elan When ross sales are forty
thotisand dbr or snore, and uadpr
fifty thousand dollars, the license shall
be forty ($40) dollirs.
Sixth class.' Whes vresa sales are
thirt thousand dollars or mnore and tem
der forty dhousauid the license
shall be thirtys
Seventh casWetgross sales are
twenty-five thoiusand dollars or msere aun
tinder- thdvirthcusn dollar the li
cense shal ek wuyw %tdelr
EIgihhcls.We giross sae. are
twenty thousand &silatsor more atd n
der twenty-five t otsand dollara the Ii
cen~e shall 1* twenty ($ao) do~r.
Ninth class, When groe, sales are
Afiteesu thotasand ilollats or more and in
der twenty thousand dollarst the li:ense
shall be Aftees, (Ars dnllai's
Tenth class. Wien grass sale. are
less tha fifteen ihoesand dollars and
ore thaw ie .t o dotlars, the Ii
cease shall e tea ($odollars.
Eleventh class. when'gross sales are
five- thousand dollars or less, the license
shall be five ($5) .dollarp.
Provided, that if any distilled, vinous.
t afror other kind of mixed liquors be
sold in erection with the business of
retail n& nt, grocer, $sterouse'
confectionery. or in less quantities than
five gallons, the 1icense for suc i
tional tssiness shall be as hereinafter
provided ht- section I3 of this act Tor
vided further, that nolicense shall issue
to sell liquors in less qs~anties zo one
quart for less than five hundred ($aoo)
dollars.
Provided, that retail drue stores own
ed or controlled and snanage4 by ta reo
ulady licensed graduate of pharmacy,
and selling `vinouso, siritout or alcoholic
liquors in less quantities than one qu
is drug or medicne only, shall oay the
license mentioed in this section. and
s .snot be required to procure the
license required for saloons. etc.. und r
tlis .st ast srtair liquor dealers.
- Y'rovded Jzrther. that if drt s'oves
soda foutaans' or othzr aerated wate
dealets fear for salem incnnacton With
,u4. any vinesj ipintoas or a;
+tr' i 4 ores, odn
ore ersag 1e requirats t
tal@ Ikense~as ita imor d
sh es Wrsom, te as.
I 'P ' N I
cent i. cases of illnesi and Sa`in the
written prescription of a physician regu
larly authorized to practice under the
laws of this State: otherwise the said
license to sell drugs shall le cancelled.
atnnilled anal forfeited.
Sec. 7. Be it further enacted. etc..
That every insurance comupan ' domue
business in this city shall, on or before
the first day of March in each year, ren
der to the Secretary of State a report.
signed and sworn to by its president and
secretary. of its condition upon the - -
ceding 31st tlay of December, which
shall include a detailed statement of its
assets and liabilities on that day; the
amount and character of business trans
acted in this State. moneys received and
expended during the year. and such oth
er information and in such form as he
may require. The tax collector shall de
mand from each company applyint for
license a certificate from the Secretary
of State certifying to the amount of bus
iness transacted during the preceding
year by such company as shown by the
sworn statement on file in his office. and
the license of each company shall be
based upon such certificate.
Sec. 8. Be it further enacted. etc.,
That each and every life and accident
insurance company (society), associa
tion. corporation or other organization
or firm or individual doing and conduct
in- a life or accident insurance business
of any kind in this city, whether such
company (society), association, cor
poration or other orgrtization or firm
or individual is located or domiciled here
or operating here through a branch de
partment, resident board, local office.
firm, company, corporation or agency of
an- kind whatsoever, shall pay a sepa
rate and distinct license on said busi
ness for each company represented. and
said license shall he based on the gross
annual amount of nremiums on all risks
located within the city and on all risks
located elsewhere contracted for in the
city or from offices in the city for which
local license is not paid elsewhere, as
follows, to-wit:
First class. When said premiums are
forty thousand dollars or more, the li
cense shall he three hundred ($3oo) dol
lars.
Second class. When said premiums
are thirty thousanl dollars and less than
forty thousand dollars, the license shall
le two hundred and twenty-five ($225)
dollars.
Third class. When said premiums are
less than thirty thousand dollars. the li
cense shall be one hundred and fifty
($150) dollars.
Sec. 9. Be it further enacted, etc.,
That each and every fire. marine and
river insurance guarantee, surety or in
demnity company, society. association,
corporation or other organization or
firm, or individual doing and conduct
ing a fire, marine or river insurance,
guarantee, surety or indemnity business
of any kind in this city, or any other in
surance business not otherwise provided
for, whether such company, society, as
sociation. corporation or other organi
zation or firm, or individual, is located
or domiciled here or operating here
through a branch department; resident
board, local office, firm, company, cor
poration or agency of any kind whatso
ever, shall pay a separate and distinct
license on said, business for each, com
pony represented, and said license shall
be based on the gross annual amount of
premiums on all risks located within
this city, and 2- all; risks located else
where contracted for in the city, or from
offices in the city for which local license
is not paid elsewhere, as 'follows, to
wit:
First class. When annual premiums
are two thousand dollars or less, the li
cense'shall be forty ($ao) dollars..
Second class. When annual premiums
are over two thousand dollars and less
than three thousand dollars, the licensi
shall be sixty-five ($64) dollars.
Third 'class. When annual aspremiums
are three thousand dollars and less ta
four thousand dol the license ul1l
be ninety ( ) dllars.
Fourth class. When annual prersa
Are four th ndoars and less than
sis thousand dollari, the license shalt be
onse hundred and ffteen ($us) dollis
Fifth class. When 'preiuas
are six thoesand dollars and ovt reri
Sftfeen thousanddoars the license shall
he oDe hundred and fifty ($i"o) dollars.
Siith class.' When. ran uns
are over f fteen thousand and
less than twenty thousand dollars, the li
cea shall e. two hundred and twenty
five ($ slt dollars.
Seventh class. When annual premiums
art twenty thapsand dollars and less
than thirty thousand dollars, the license
shall be two hundred and seventy-fhie
($3Y)' dollars.
Eighth class. When annualtpresniums
are thirty thousand dollars and over,
the license shall be three hundred ($yo)
dollar. i
Sec. to. Be it -further enacted; etc.,
That every omnibus or regular coach or
herdic bsiness, collecting agencies or
agents for the colection of moe, ac
counts, notes, etc., and for every busi
ness of transporting money, merchan
dise or other articles, by express .or
transfer, of operating one or more tow
boats or tugboats, or keeping a ware
house or storage room, or landing
where goods and merchandise are re
ceived and delivered, the licenses hall be
based on the gross annual receipts of
said business as follows (There shall
be six classes of this business):
First class. When the gross annual
receipti are two hundred thousand dol
lars or: more. the license shall be one
hiundred and fifty ($55o) dollars.
Second class. When the 'gross annual
receipts are one hundred and fifty thous
and -dollars or more, and less than two
hundred thousand dollars, the license
shall lie one hundred (SMoo) dollars.
Third class. When the gross annual
receipts are one hundred thousand dol
lars or more, and less than one hundred
and fifty thousand dollars, the license
shall be seventy-five ($7) dollars.
Fourth class. When the gross annual
receipts .are seventy-five thousand dol
lars or more, and less than one hundred
'thousand dbllars. the license shall be
($5o) dollars.
Fft t lass. When the gross annual
'receipts are twenty-feve thousand 'dol
rs'er mnnre, and less than seventy-five
thosanttd dollars, the license shall be
r ( ) dollars,
ixth lass. When the gross annual
are less than twenty-ive thous
dollars. the license shall *ethirty
that warehouses. receiving
.gym-tinre ls-for. very
iness of sugar and molasses exclusively
or either of them. the license shall be
based on the gross annual receipts of
said bosiness as follows:
There sktill he three classes. vi'.
Firit class. \Vlien the gross a iinum
riccints are four thousand five hundred
dollars ,r iiore. .he license shall he inc
hundred and fifty ($i-o) dollars.
Second clas. When the groi anou:?
receipts ire three thi usand doll (a or
iioie, and 'es than four thInosaiii dol
lar, the licenses hall s ne ithntdre*
and ten (SI to) dollars.
Third class. When the cross onnmI
receipts are less than three thousand
dollars, the license shall he sever tv-fiue
($75 ) dollars.
Provided further, that for carryinf on
the business of refining sugar and mo
lasses, or either of them. the annual city
license shall be one-eighth of one per
cent upon the gross receipts of such bus
mess.
Provided. that for the business of
carrying on, operating or running any
horse or steam or electric railroad or
both, for the transportation of passen
gers within the limits of city, there shall
be three grades based on actual gross
receipts as follows, viz.:
First class. When the annual gross
receipts are twenty-five thousand dol
lars or in excess of that amount, the li
censes hall le one hundred ($too) dol
lars.
Second class. \Vlimn the annual gross
receipts are less tha , twenty-five thous
And dollars and more than three thous
and dollars., the license shall he lifty
($5o) dollars.
Third class. When the annual gross
,eceipts are three thousand dollars or
less. the license shall le uifteen ($it)
dollars
Provided further. that each and ev
ery company, association, corporation or
firm conducting the business of a deben
ture redemption comniany, or loan and
investment ciqtpanics. whether domi
ciled in or out of the State, but anthor
ized ii do business herein. shall be sub
icet to an annual lhcense based tpon the
gross receipts as follows. to-wit:
First class. When the cross receipts
are over ten thousand dollars, the li
cense shall be one hundred ($moo) dol
lars.
Second class. Whei the gross receipts
are ten thousand dolars and less, the li
cense shall be sev'mntv-five ($75) dollars.
Sec. it. Be it further enacted, etc..
That for carrying :ir, each business of
gas light, electric light, water works,
shoot the chutes, miniature railroads,
saw mills employing ten or more hands,
telegraphing (including local and dis
trict telegraph), telephoning, express
company. cotton compress or ginnerv,
cotton pickery. slautrhter house, distil
lery and rectifying alcoholic or malt
liquors, brewing ale, beer, porter or
other malt liquors, manufacturing to
bacco, cigars or cigarettes, refining su
gar or molasses or either of them, man
ufacturing cotton seed oil, bil cake or
cotton seed meal, the license shall be
based on the gross annual receipts of
each person, association of perrons bus
iness firm or corporation engage4 in said
business, as follows:
First class. When the said gross an
stual receipts are fifty thousand dollars
or more, the license shall be one hundred
and twenty-five ($iS) dollars.
Second class, When said gross annual
receipts are thirty-seven thousand five
hundred dollars or more, and leis than
fifty thousand dollars, the license shall
be ninety-three dollars and s . enty-five
cents (093.75).
Third class. When the said gross an
nual receipts are twenty-five thiousand
dollars or more and less than thirty-sev
en thousand five hundred dollars, the li
cense shall be sixty-two dollars ,and fifty
cents ($6a.3o).
Foetth class. When the said gross
anual receipts are over twenty thous
and dollars and less than twesity-vre
thoulend dollars, the license shall be
Ify ($5) dollars.
F 'class. 'When the said gross $st
t meipts are over fiftesss thousand
and less than twenty thousand
msas, the license shall be thirty-seven
dollars and Iffy cents ($37.0).
`t th ci ss. When the said gross an
anal teceipts are less than ffteen thous
and dollars, the license shall be twenty
($*o) dollars.
"Sec. 12. Be it further enacted, etc.,
That all associations, coroorations or
companies chartered or created by the
laws of other states or foreiwn countries
who may engage in their own names or
in the name of their representatives or
agents in this city in the sale of coal
oil. petroleum, naptha, benzine or other
mineral oils, whether crude or refined,
shall pay as annual license of five dol
lars for each one thousand dollars of
such sales."
"Sec. 13. Be it further enacted. etc..
That all associations, corporations or
companies. domiciled outside of this
States who directly or through an agent
or representatives, deal in fresh meats.
or cared, salted or smoked meats, in this
city shall oar an annual license of two
dollars for each one thousand dollars of
proceeds from all such business."
Sec. 14. Be it further ense:d etc.,
That the license herein provided for
shall be graded in two classes or so
many thereof as shall be hereinafter in
dicated as follows:
That for every business of keepir.g
a theatre. opera house, amphitheatre.
academy of music, license shall be based
on the quantity of space devoted to spec
tators, to be calculated by the number of
seats or ordinary space for seats, as fol
lows:
First class. WIV iumber of seats
or spaces exceed sn undred. the li
cense shall be one huo..red ($roo) dol
lars.
Second class. When the number of.
seats or spaces is or less than five hun
dred, the license *shall be seventy-five
($75) dollars.
Provided that ' vcsum. menagerie.
circus or other :... - :how shall be
permitted to make cxh;,itions within
the city. unless thev have first paid a
license based on the number of attaches.
whether proprietors, performers or oth
er employes, as follows:
First class. When the cumber of said
nersons is one hundred or more, the li
cense shall be five hundred ($soo) dol
lars. I
Second class. When the number of
said persons is seventy-five or more, and
less than- one hundred, the license shall
be four hundred (Saoo) dollars
Third class. When the number of
said persons is fifty or more, and less
th seventy-five, the license shall be
th ee hundred ($300) dollars.
otin on pge 41)'