WHOI.ES\LE DEALERS IN
ds, Boots, Shoes and Hats.
NER SI'PRING AND CROCKETT STREETS.
ATTENTION TO COUNTRY ORDERS.
HERMAN LOEB
DEALER IN
;Wool, Tallow, Beeswax, Furs.
RCE STREET, NEXT TO V. S. & P. RAILWAY.
SHREVEPORT, LA.
to tlhe sellers the best prices obtained in St. Louis, New
rg. Galveston and Houston markets. Prromt returns
t MEnCANTIILt MPG. CO. LTD.
Wholesale Dealers In All KInds of
Produce, Field and
Garden Seeds.
of SHREVEPORT STEAM BOTTLING
and SHRIV.EPORT STEAM
CANDY FACTORY.
125 Texas Street, Shreveport, La.
1i38m RATES
mIB
S ý The
e' ft~
-x >
f
-; i . 4, ' 4
TALMAGE
SERMON
By Re.b
FRANK DE WITT TALMAG, D.D,,
Pastor of Jefferson Park PrebIy
terlan Ohurch, Chiasro
Chicago, Jnn. 1n.---Many people who
are pansing through na eriod of trouble
may obtain consolttl t io nd oneour'ag.r
Went from the doctrine hIev. I'. I.,
Witt Talmage teaches in the followtrlr
Sermon on the text Matthew xlv. 22,
"Jesus constrained his dis.lplea to get
into a ship:"
There it is! $.ee; Yonder is the din'i
ples' boat, tossed iiabout on the w.ves
of Lake Unllee. Those p.en seem to
.e in as crltical a situation as was thel
captain of ani Atlantilc coal barge' soen"
time ago. The barge had bee., caught
in a storm and was ninking under his
feet. The captain ignanled to the tug.
Then, as it drew near, he picked ul)
i rst one and then another of his little
children. Il, rintsed themn above, hlis
held and hmr.ied them through the dir
Into the nrnlus of the resclers. Thlen ht'
turned and fastened a rope. throwsn lo
him from the tug. aroundl the waist of
his wife ntul ntnothelr around his owln
waiat, and both hleaped into the msea.
Two lllltnints after he, 'nd l is wife hald
Imeen drugged Illto ithe' reIe'(lllug hImt
his own ('cf.ll iarge miade ellltt ng ai.( tI
dlialnpperet'd. lvery e;n ieent Ihea d41l'
ples, like that C lili ': p'lcteed Ih melr
loult. to foulltnder. ome14 of thle'lll we're
vs'teraln tiheiii~uen' . yeV t t.hey lld 4 givenl
tllp ill hope o. ' ver r ,einhlteg bttd galin.
The tangert' oe rllowe'ie ilet l .uiik. I ;ml
Ilee' was not tihe only tidanuger, nor indledl
the greatlrst ditl.n'r, whlic'h thretlfelnel
tihe dlisclphflt'. T'lhey wer'e it sli'ita ll1
danger. linilug scet *idmaa o(ily n few
hours before feed in mulllitud4e of ,,.4;0*
persous with five lonves ,ritd a ffew lish
es, they had lost slght of his spir'itual
mlsshion and were about to haltl hlilm as
a tenmporal leader, ,like the multitudes
which had boeen fed, they hbIegan to
whisper atnong themselrves: "Why not
imake Christ our king? ' ltch a iliracle
working leader as this could not only
feed us and clothe us without any work
upon our part, but he also could libter
ate us from Roman tyranny and he to
its another Moses another Joshua or
another lDavid." In order to counter.
set this deetlg of making him tierely
a- temporal kitun whieb would have
ooa·gLht him Into collisioU with the
Romat power and have degraded tell
saIgo ito a mere 1nuectkoa' he
rste to teach the diselple their
waskith and i p enmese Re tcer
Sthesp to launbh their beat and
elal leto a fuedsrf akmat of at leat
`bille be with tihe gehtle tbem
) Flgap ' ' to e el 70i0
de ieand lead as to
h Mlm the bgrh pgntst
S ahe . isboew tot e dome
` t ela $11 .g vi al tidal
w,.etitl t dsjurss thaiglt we a0y
1" int his #lw`mg $_
whs tem.um. Mrs igt. o !u
r- tim~r -k~ -JI tim ma
S um? ~vt~r~the
t isf furiiP;iY t. the
:=maum. we to e the
tun: set~:rcitr~ I~l~~· rliLI
crept hiicr is menus..~lrar)r~s
iu tls is. atwa- sot Pst war but
tiam Vdh-tt . .whith.t con Was
Md .kvedW* the tabS ianrg ts of
- f -itce iicsua tat tbed chreb
WPPlitA4 Md fully tibfcaa hd on Ito
gi~st .v l Vr lrIt was when
S1ate 1her had to taee toe diet of
1 "m U4 WOad hes nipttseai for
rimihe batr. the refer.
,iiea *a r8 Wa tat Wn the rPipim
fu 'o. a ae ':+ o relrot a.p rpeti.
#:tioai St feuiw n th
,et ttnlto stoneof
jim °. a ld Andh ino ttime of
~~Iwll g ttuttya .014that agrea
SfWE awkeml4 lam ernd or A
.:eeribsu.$ bai lr ban oe forth,
Iritbo tt ter of tho (tlaj
;ee. t!mp sa*w.a it yawned to destroy
E bUF la sod inngulf Christian faith.
tomettie, ago i hearda tract wuinfs
thougt. -Itipart. h s "Id ' t ' rtas
.Mitt do tub' hit* Oetonarola and John
Kneze.t~ia i toisai Ktneses fin the present
v't. 1,aboaw e i·wie L t t h te :in
` ' ' `t;he t tio t v " r ioutun
nru 7o~b eiohto. *UPPoec
tuiNtoth ie. and re atst dayv of the
.- t~ h tbw'c iBu e when tin'
nJsWI iota onotntt - Ett e hureib
*utijt bail ftln~iama up'aai
wit 1i O to hIS 't Ao &ts kr lei tit~t`
t oa sMsc , hte ter~ti riret'epx Iiat
t : n t~. tel ti$bt whe (i% =ut~ af~
~IIW *he~h Oher*Wt tIi! etnt.
fr~i-t gt4 &le - the sfuisn o
9ultt~%4~tf 1ie~ ties aene powrrM
Stht
R - [ I A ý ' F 11 ` : i z a i
-i ted ean often be ma it aood of
bhertreading turs nam well an In the
Smile of noi Aprll shower or in the l'gen
tle glow of a .illie iiailrine.
Whn t ttiaIfu'mtiion i| Mitr'IggIa'~t lle hv' n('
coollllrlhet1 for the alhur'tth %i it whlole
thelyla7y tiano Icompllnlilh for tllhe hllll
htle ltllivlidual workers in the a'irlni'ih.
(.d1 tits mnny of the' hIlnthlle' wor'kra
for this vineytard ii liht lpiritanlliy lpr'
i1pared A\danilli ta ,Jieaasoit, ItheI' gent miil
stOllonry, for lis work. I"'or 'even ling
yeanrv Mr. l nd Mrs. .utdlson .am'ial to
hilhor itl l itairin it vitin; for na'vett loa g
yea'I I'M h' tia'titletl for 'hrltist i ital li
tlmost ilstatrliaothallathh' lltffl'ultiea; for
#'evtii' long y'llr h'e nital his wll'a' 'every
fonr ia'aeks ant dowai to tlhe' a'naata ion
table inaltitely iiloae. They land not
yet it!ailh' one l'on aI ve o r it' 'lllllllllll. At
Ilihe athll ofr thlye Nevat'r llng ytlt'rs of
aa'seemnlag ile'fea't th,' MN1 I atlolarlt'y socieaty
wrote to ahin thalh hie' had better lsnllll ll
der hi! nmcimlonl ita it failtir', attdl d.trt
in nitlothir livdll. Adlotalratat .ludlon,
with his goalrwl spirli aglow willh the
iiwful .i'traggI. from Ihoe u ca even long
ye'aIrs. atuViswervl'ti the Mliliontary sili','ty
ill tlse u laorl'nlll orahlW' "Na No! No!
I ait llint ilt will not slrraeatalr this
Itfssionl . HtiPeean is ni ' ertalinl hier' ais
the' haiota.lie of at faithful 4hl aa'i n make
it." Th.at eltlmIe the gretat outpllrirlng
of the Itoly tpirit; thean ltuiirna sw Its
allay of I'aentas'ott. Mo, mlay brotherl,. Ih
the. ('hritlal ministry or in the C'hris
ihalll Ia'w. fightling igalaitt iaatnitlgly
ov'rwlhellanhlg otictt'cel, renl'llllber lthnt
(tat4 laut.i rMllin t ie you thalt t li 'Itp t tot' it
purpose; remaailaer liit you are 'taing
fltted flr ya'our worlll'li. If syou ire' faiIthfttl
to hiatt. ia Atlontra:ini .nitrmotI wita heingllt
fihted for his work r'ltemember ht In
the lwark hours or your te'lnipl'attlaotii
night . 'ia'lrt Is witching aitil eniritg for
Youll it t' i i'wati'ell tilale distjilales stru'Ig
glilng onil the w.tYlv' oif Iolake (littllteP; l'
nia ht'el r Inllit at Ih'I fourth wiatch, at'
jalat iii l' ihe iilreaking o(if lt'h dIlali.
('li'iist, nl he did of oi tl, will itli iipe t' to
you wn lkiig lupolla tihI' l'rystn Ii pi Veolit'll
of' Ihlth slaecp,.
'ltlntn I'n t lfer ht'e Wrik.
'Illr'he i11 i su.fgga.'ltl ' story tolh oif i
yollg giril WhtIo aniig tY il Ilarige o'letlla',it
haiill of lrillhilou,. ()ie of iher friends'a
uiiakeirl i tinfoteal titalnh crit irllh wihto wua
pir!ekt'lt whialt hit tlihoughlit of her vole.
"MI chl Ill one kll'rnet wllh'l woultl
ntllie Ilher the gr!'ate.t clilgerl of Ito
role,'" nslllwrstl tile .eithl, "Mllo lacks
aiorl ipower. Ii fI were a young tnnai
naitl cotli larry hier and 1)I trent tIr
antl I brok her heart, then on aetatillnt
of lrti grlt'ef and heir talent she would
be totl of the bhrlghtt t stars li the
itilsitt'al frttenwint." Time pa.ted on,
antd thlis -woman'sa heart wal broken by
a cruele hiabaindl. Then calme the true
dnlya of her power and fame, cod,
wheit he wishes to fit ua for great and
true work, sends uis a hurrirane of
trouble. He tompels U a to battle with
fhe GaNlien tempesat for at whole
alght, DIO not lbeweary'tof well do'
~g, amy bhatha. Youn are one of
God's tfAvortes Ther et a great trl
taph of gspol asftlas tfor toa
t ist.4 n i orth w "i the 6* bMw ho
When everything Be dead wreo g
Tre the tat ot the heart to tPItM,
And it alwagys eeaswith 8t1s) re.a
And the taleR that is werth t* pems. of
is the sall that "am 0h"ag teea
The dark, tJ ageeesal. of
maselel 5sMahave afa bees, in age
alght lIb the iught, bessd, amlmr
l .sf the -oaeat. "Mow is
gsesp Whaso sehos seVd" I*si
y "-Wll.M p si auewer,"I d maet keew
Se tl gNttilg soang ne. Wl ewe
bars IeWlthr o the arm teos. W~
asi te n the ely at t d asma tiha W#
aee 'to eam togethe. hut we haet
ivftsi d aart to the Ltet few year,. At
Mt 0O6rge made quite a secessa Me
eared up a little meSt. and eaa start
ed In bueeaIe, out Geog, e wa aIe
wal a trustful fellow, and be haBd a
dishonest partner. I believe the part
ner swindled him out oe somen moey
Then the peale came. and his erditoes
began to press him. 'Then the next
thing I beard was that G.eorge las,
failed. It moved out of out neighbor
hooed. I have not seen hbtat for a p-g
time. I beerd. owever, that he ia now
quits an actife member in thumb work.
Hie is also one of the active menD in the
Young Peopre's Christian ideavor eor
elety lint .a fear George its Uot doing
very welLt When a business tman be
glns to get mixed up in churth matters,
as a rile. It implies be has not a very
big business to run. However, to teil
the tnuth, I do not know what' George.
e- donlg. exeOpt that I have a feeling
that his credit is not very high in the
busines. world." Is that all you know
about George? "Wtll, my friend, I can
tell you that George Wteson is getting
long at great deal better than you are.
'Tis true he was canght in a finaneital
storm a flerree as the Gailelan tempest,
which thratened to engalf the disetples
after. Christ had fed the multitudes,
biut after that tempest nabsted be heard
the voice or Jesus 'rcaling ht. to the
truer and nobler life.- And George
would treer hve hearnd the, voice of
Christ . lhl he not first heardi'he burrI
eave a financiai storm shrieking
abhy head."
one *aan'a Mxprcence.
George Watson lianded in this eity a
Christin boy from ait Christlian Ihome.
l1e carried nlu his satchel theit, Bilile'
weh'h his nmothlr gave to hin the
Ckrltanaa before te left the old home
stead. The very rsat. iabbath after
he camen to Chicago e hbunted up a
church and joined a 8Snntlday schoot
atsa The girl whomta he afterward
married was a memtaber of tht uamte
ISunday school. The trouble wtas George
Wats6n pade too big a suecess in bUal
snees. i worklI hard aitnd bad promo
, aefter promotion. Then Sundays
ie waould feel ti re. > e ,enlected
thdach w wifJ wugetoldoty btust
l ii~dr r- '! 'om
(loorg* wee ' at uit ovs'rwb#1rn4 by
tilt catastrophe, 'rh.'n h4is brlin began
to 4'Ietr. Ito ctulltied bia wifte Iuntol 111
nultly rindi 44il1d: "KIIle', th1144in Is Ile' Il4p
ploit 111444' of iIll 3' hr.'o. 1 ('114 truily
may that tonhight I a14 glt)l BoI 441ook
1y 14i04ot41y. I kno41w. Ka111 e,. t11144 I wias
on1y Ihlinkihig orf 40y' gold 1141 4401 tIllaOlt
the goal wh11111h I 444ild 414lo Wiltli it.
tKate, we, wvill g ive 44444'444lv44 to 41"o4
tonilght. We will ,give to' hiiii 4444' 'tlli
dlr*i i 444W (fill'.14 ' r44e 4t44' IIves, 144i41
shall wei wjfl4l4 4 14441 114ix 111dy 44(l¶'4 Igio
bourn eachl week frill' thi 1ot101l uwi
onily give to 41441 two b4ourn or 11 4'1444114
nervt''e o)44 S4da4y." 't'htt. 14 tie 1
tory of your friend (lh'ot'. 'l'hnt i
the rl'4144444 yo4u n4ow h44'a4r of Itoolge it1
344 4411141 iii t14h- q'1tiri'hi. 41 t1 leaderi ini
the prny4el' 4414'4t14, 4l.( 41 di14'1tor iii 1the
Yoinig Mteai'us I 'hi44'i44t1 aI 14444141411141. 444
a chtlr(lI visitotr iihio 444ve'r l'erefuse4 t14
c('ll 4)4 thii. I04)1'. It Wa1s it da1rk nighit
whens tint Hllrr llrian! tttom overtook
(George on41 Lake 4144ili e, b441t tliiat 44o4'lil
dtrove' OeCil'ge to ChrIst.
lly trjelelEi, you44 think (ieorge'4 bg
urittive his4to4ry 4'i14t14ut he .Ijduplicated in
Ifte. I teil yoll thatit It (4441 1 declare
to yoll wlly lllnt thele nre thous44111ds4
andlil f ens or 104 4ltl4 of Am4ri('41
ller'hn44tt wh'llo Wouldti ne4'v4'r hIlv .' 1404
able to 44e1' cleIarly the spirltuall Nttte
of ,te s3i4 except through iilt1441m'In I
tl'441144t. 'Ilie best mer('ha4441t I iever
knew w414 ('444'rljtedl to 4'l14144
thro gMh i I inilleei te14lw44t. Mir. A. tF.
Hrl'4)4k4 was4 4not o 111' t '1414'f ewer lmlIm r
ofr thle old Mee'ond I 't'esby~terirlt n chulrch)
(if Pittsbuirg wh'14en1 I wlas there, but h14'
w114 144 thI e osll t 1144 1liUentl41 (t'hrl'41144
lalytlnllIl the cit y. tIt tol( 1140i jult
be'fore Ir4 dleath thaln the ca11444 or 1414
('4,414'('raltioll 44o 4'hrl't ('4414' to( him11
we'n it di4ho11es4t pa'rt144'4' 14ade(0 h11i111
14444e millio04144 or (41111'44. 11444 it 4444t
been4'I for tlhe 114t14o11 or tinllt (iinhl)44('lt
j411'l 44r 1.t Hu411t t1me 1Mtr. ilrook44 11ouid
14ate become441 i44't'1r4' 4'1444114g h114 4'114l'4'1
14ot) onl13 on1 of the we'ith1i4' t 441('1 iIll
I'lttshuut'g, hut a144 (oIne of thE' w'a'lllthl'
lest 14101 ill 1440 '1 1lt041 $t1nt4'44. Ohi, 34.
me404'hl14114.4 i11 t1144444 h4(40r's oh' trills and114
ftinancal 1il 4lu'1 44441410411.t I waInt you to
11114 140 30411' trloubies the steppinilg stotlo's
to it e4411[letet co(4 4l'Crt'ltll to the E'14 cro4s.
I unl'4t you1 here 1114d 14)1w to iifol thalt
(Chrlit 414'lns ihlntl you44 to e0411r tilh
leaky bou11t of' thlalalnci'i4 hlipwreck ts(r
that you1 might truly see his taco, an
the di44ciples4 saw the living Chlrist ill
the fourth wntelh of the night on Lake
ii s the Dark Hours.
Th (ark, tempestuous nuigrs wune
the shadow of the death angel's wing
hovered over the howe have often been
in God's sdght the bright, shining days
for the broken hearted household cir
eie. It was awfully hard for you to
hear the doetor say ther waS no hope.
You felt that other people might die.
but somehow the truth was mneer fully
brought bhoen to you until thea that
yu-r mother or wife or ehild aold evew
he taken. fmae that meao net net ly
this ife, hot the nmut, hs f.or 'to
.,Wit atti.ptaee a:pis he' ca"
plate the werd "M reas' D yeg
.-e. that her slat p wdu to he an t ed
le. stlep, wblekb hMt sve have an
waheuet aa Yeo used to ~ .l Ith
tholaers of ta ira's weetlua . oTe
sed to elaim -tht the phr t' liae
was eaty a b% ab uia 4of a de t
a hmal WMa mS heWS dg-I hbe
ne aemut thisla wkik elp rayl e" f
set s rj teoe uise wb Y se 1 - : ptete
her s~ee t ewee a ml "Mitt' oV ,
,leo. am Ie lped et y ea hasL I the
oweet tfahlb eir M e a4d eathore.
Ne mated In n, WS : s
Uhns mirrs, te e ew aO a S
aed mInmt tr eeemat e Sh ier r1
or asuter I.Ia hma's e t:
"apa. . ams gaoo tohedei Mi mtt I
there are and a'heda .r-4f I
tut a atth .tear a thsore -i ber,
after. I am 4$g. papI. and I mest
make my last denaim now. Whom
shall I believe? Shall I saeept amm
ma~a Christ or ydbr toldelityl" The
great soldier's frame siook with emto
ties. Thean, though he bad u{at lsaet
his famous inde bouk stled t fop,
the Only Oracle of Man," he turned
'and said, "My darting, you had better
die In your mothers faith, and not In
my nbelilef." And so when the death
angel's wiag began to dutter over the
bed of one of .your loved ones with one
blow it not only struck your heart, but
is also knocked your Inidelity clean out
of your life. You Immediately said, as
you looked Into the pale face sleeping
in the casket: "I know she lives. I
know she Is living in some other world
for me." And as you look up to see
where that other world is do you net
feel that you, were beting struck by a
Galilean tempest, as were the diselples
of old? Do you not feel that through
the dark shadow of the death angel's
wing you have been able to see the
spiritual face of Jesus Christ as never
before? It was trouble that did It
tetopestmuts trouble alone which made
you use the hillock of a grave for a
kneeling stool at the altar of mercy
and pardon and love.
The'dark, tempestuous nigt~ t In your
s_.krooq have often been In God's sight
the bright dawn of a day of Christian
usefuinerss. 'erhaps I can well 11lu*
trate this though't by telling the per I
so.na history of n fanotus Atnerican
minister. He told me in the sickroom
his personal experiences. the recital of
which made . lasting impression upon
my mind and heart. lie Is a very dear
friend =f mIwne
For many flears this ml.Lster was not
only 4dmired. bat loved. But whenever
a man went to hear him preach he did
not know' exactly where that minister
stood. A hearer ca.t d not say he was
north dde, becatue in his sermons ihe
alwas catted Jesus a Divine King.
Neither eopdd the hearer say -this I
gieer P s -at betiever4 RIs seer
y hs'ým oi u
mlttla by that? In he one of those lIb.
frnls who only believe tflihe bHtli in
spots, who only Ie',llie'vi w-!.alt they wnnt
to belileve'?"
When thle Uornlna" (o1nst11.
lint otil' llay th'" I 'a1i jl .ir ll all "Iver
the otill l'y 1111( 1 fl i' .ft lit il I'll, c .h l iih
II(C iIi lll u Iota l llle lllnt " llilli. Il : l\til s in
now what iin einelli ! If ally i 'trainhelll
goes to h h'aa lh il 'e'eh'i, Ihi lrst i net
the inst thought lie hale is "I"r. Mr.andl
so is nothling aaoa're or lo.ss thar ii ll mighty
gospel evangelist. ti . hals 'hrlst in
the bIegntlnilng of hirs sertnti. .'lr'ist In
the middle of his sernotl., ('hrist all the
way through." D)o you know thli, 'enase
of this manrvelous change'? It was the
Galllean temapest of phys.cnl pnin that
did it. lr. Mo-and-so told nac that nev
er before, dlid he truly know what the
purpase of preIahing was until lie lay
upon that bed of sufferlng. For monaths
the barkinlg of a dog would cut lhim like
a knife. Fo"t' nlonths he lay In his room,
an exile In agony; for mnlaths he, hadt
but one wish, and that was to die. But
whetn lod tel hina forth out of that
(Gallieinn tempest to ipreaci'h ,lJetfe
Christ Ilh- Cinme forthi at lw mIan. IHe
was n Maul. the aa'nitier of tihe, lhe
brew sannthedrin elhan nge.l into the
mnlghty 'nail who sIutaI foiiihit with the
benass at 'EIphlaesn. lisi e.',uiin' tllhe dis
ciple of tile Lord, looking lg il Idpendinkt
for at spiritual ('hri'st ailone'.
It wtun phyityshl Ipain tlihat helped
make F'rederlhk W\\'. I(lc'rtsonl one of
the greatest olll willnners of his day.
It was physiaeal paini hlat heliped draw
the nlllltitulies to the liros wh, i iolio
ert tin ll reat'nchd in ,lionl alid .Johlln
Muamnine'fic.ld p.enliheld In A lil'ich:. And
it in plhyniieal lnini wthieh nenarly lt of
ius lave sufftere'd ill the past antad phyIs
21l| wieakniess i.iwhih ullInnly ilf li atlre
sntlff-rln.i nlow whiichvi olghlt t lllake' us
turn our afnce's tlowarl tlle I toltl I'hy
sieiana who Calll heal thie brly ii.al heal
the sotl.
Two Kindi of Tronhl.,
Now. troublea cmines to uis in ll, ne of
two ways, iandtl it rests witll every one
to decide int which of thei two ways It
shall coane to him. It llby c'otue as a
sanctified trouble or as an illanl'ttlltlett
trouble. It came in hotlh fornms to the
thieves who were eructifed with Jesus.
''o the one thief the physical agony
was untianctifted trouble, atustng hint
to curse and deride (hritt: to the other
it cameit as sanctitled trouble, causing
him to plead for mercy and love. Un
aanectiled trouble comes to 4 man who
stands by his child's open casket, and it
mnbitters him and causes him to set his
jaw in rebellion and say, "No good God
weould hav taken that child out of say
armi " Sanctided trouble care to a
yejln ooer of amy church and caused
him to say to the vitltinl minister: "I
do ot want a pastor to come inte my,
lbkroom to make tamety a socilt Xal.
I want hetn t a1sipe in to pray: yets I
want him to come to pIra." In the
maidt of your sorrow sat tralt are
yro atuy to lit your.. ro et to~oms
aa +tt;Ud troubles. Aa you ready to
al abostt the tempeetuo s nIghts of
beoIM.l a the ChristIan poet once so. n
about beautitl Lake MilIst?
34o5 t teathbh wiMslstie*
DUt e theot r ewllae to save f reI hai
OR weiaeired bytipty ids
OYat t ash tee the is matat. s mist,
l%" mN, t, tes ase,
ar.e; Vw1m thee, the ba tatl gte
i Jwrea watha * thee
Ane ye rmadt to fth tht.t the
ashiei - tr at our fight Christ i
wai ting d spk to yout that Christ is
,s"e to help ~or, that he Is ready to
Pper Ute rtout
h refts an aiM and familiar story at
.l.sn lady In the far east who
hid two beautitfl bow, Both her onat
died in the same night while her htus
band was away on a journey, When
the father returned, the mother met
him with a smile and said: "Husband.
while you were gone a stranger came
and left two beautiful jewels in my
charge. Then he returned the next
day and wanted them back again. I
gave them to him. shoutld I have done
so'" "Yes," answered the father. "If
the two Jewels belonged to the stran
ger, you should have done as you did."
"Oh, husband," answered the wife as
she led him into the death chamber. "I
was not talking about a stranger, but
about our Father, lGod. There are our
two boys, dead, ('an we not say: 'The
ILord gave, and the Lord hath taken
away. Blessed be the name of the
Lord?' "
Friend, today in your troubles can
you not hear the volve of Jesus Christ
speaking to you? ('an you not. will you
not, see that even in this dark hour
Jesus is walking toward you, stepplng
lightly upon the crystal pavertnent of
the deep?
[Copyright. 1. t, by Iouts Klops h.l
Neektles oa Well tino* -- Mt~,.
I shall not subscribe to - "tO
that a umnn is known by hlii ii 'at.
The president wears a four-, ..a*,nd.
Major McKinley wore a black string
tie. Mr. Whitney's favorite is a tuant'
tip cravat shielding the entire V of tilh
shirt front. Mr. Morgan ikes i tigurcd
ascot, likewise hIdlllg hbi O
cott Lawrence affects tht
culross, usntlly of white lik.,
Cleveland wearm a dark tIk, Wrrs.,',w
Wilson a big blatck one. Asb'iew l).
White a graduated one ot' white :ain
black. George W, Perl'kins wv':rs a:
fantail four-In-hand. Governor dt'li its
collar and tie are dlultic:tea, of I',,I
president's. .Judge Monsarr ts rI:n~ Ii
to figured shields. WillUbs it. s;uthrii
lil -cs a black sasin four-in a'-ltI. d ,orz,
Walton (;re'l : fi:cidei u p, lfTsidl ý:, rf.
Wlliam Jay wears a grri'stto: t'.I is.
tise McCall a polka d.t f(,url'-il lr: !ail,
SZeretary hoot a black string fie.
Jamns i. Keew a tigured '-ulross, John
Dr .RIceteiller a four-lu-hand.--New
E, t- .. e . ..