aJ RAMONS Chili TIo
% T"st.l"s & d Marteead ~ Cowe Ch~li *nd*
lieFer mad siI hlatrl Tuoaklm.
Doe Not Injare the StomltIak Nor ERet the Bearing i
* W A. Mcl@rty A Bon, DimeBooxTOL ua: Ramon'.Pepani Chili Tonici the
beet we have ever hLanded.< My zon premeribes !t in hit practie, and ay *t 't
theoni \ill Tonic which a child can take without injury to the stomach
Prioe. 5 BROWN MrG. CO., Prop re. Greeneville. Tenn.
SLIOLOK AND 1EtRY tCO
W 33ITlND
[Corner Texas and pring Screets.
KHADOUA 'TERS t l
Fme 'hiskies. branlips, Importe<d e Domestic Cigar
Gins, Wines and Sundries Pst & Most Pir.ular Brandt
rOBACCo ANID 4MtKZRS' MATBRIAL
Tradeu solicited. Prompt Rn' Fatiqfartrnrv iatt.nion -iT vn al! orldero.
I LARCESTANDMOSTCOMPLETEBUGGYFACTORY ON EARTHi WRITE FOR
PRICES AND
J CATALOGUE
OUR GOODS ARE HtE BEST^
OUR PRICE THE LOW£ST
PARRY MF G.61'""0 ^[g
SB RICKB, Preos. ÏAXLEHICKS, Vice-Prek W.V HA:K, Becwty & Treas
DIRECTORS:
8 BICKI, ÂALE.BICKS, F 8 GOSMAN, W F CEHABE
T.1 BOOVELL, G H STEBiNSON,
THE BICKS COMIPAN
LIAIITED
Wholesale Grocers
and Cotton Factors.
* e and Warehouse, Crner Spring and Traviw
and - and C' inpve- Streetp
HERMAN LOEB,
, ....DEALER IN....
f1ide, Wool, Tallow. Beeswax Fnre,Ete
Cemme~e Street, Kextto V., S. & P. Ry.. Shreveport, La.
I gusaruat- to ip 4,liers oh- u- prieo . > , Vick-)urg,
HHU New Ori *as Ga; 4ton i, 'loaston mnark-ta. ?rvmpL reLaru
utd oz reOeipt of Bapmeunte
The Filorshsi Brosj Dry Goods Cl
EXLUi81VELY WHOLE8ALE DEAkLKRS IN
SDry doods. Notions,!Boots, Shoes.rHats
410, 412 mad-414 Lve Street. New York Oftice 77 Franklia
..BAááaY ZUITK SAM UNTKB HAWK
PHUljiTTER BROSS.
Vlolesule frocera ad Comission lerchants
11 andU118 MIALM BTRWZr
IPantation 8applies, Bagging 1 Tie&
Hay, Cornm Oats, Bran and Chops
psd~ am% b~ Pho u1Mn rt M~li.,mt» be pries hYuse aprsoatd
NOTES OF PARIS.
Celebrati .n of tbe Jonr de Tonsealat.
Expositlon'u Close.
[Special Corr-pond<nce.]
PArs. 1 .. 1.-It ia;s been very gny
here for t'e last tnonth. The iconcluld
i]; f.tes t of tl lu ihave bteen
givern witli griat milliii r. al t thre
have been sh ;ny royaltits and lukes
that 1'arisians liave i:igliiininly refer
rel to the iinth tof Noveinher as "le
noois ldes grands dues." On lthe 2d of
Novemtber I witnesseid the erplebration
of tihe Jour de Tous1saiut. YVou people
on the other side of the water can have
no iwen how inmpressive thlis day Is to
the French. It is. a coninenmoration of
THE TOMH OF ABiELARD AND HELOISE.
thbo illunstriotis ldl. \hlen all classes
take the noppIortiiiiity of imaking p[l
rTiimages to tI j!iuy n1renowied silent
cities within easy rean-ch of the metropo
lis. Move> by the spirit of the day,
SMaisle aud I decideil to go to I'ere La
chlaise and derotate the tomb of Ab<
lard and Heloise. WVithin the limits of
thle emetery tlher wore thousands of
pedestrians, visitors from all parts of
the world. When we finally reached
the tomh of Ahl lard, we found It, to
our surprise, almost buried with flow
ers. It is wonderful how this romance
of the eleventh century clinga about
the hearts of the people. The guardian
of the cemetery Intorms me that It Is a
favortte pllgrimage for lovers and that
each year unknown hands wreathe It
with beautiful flowers. We also visited
the tombs of Alfred de Musset, Moll
ere, Lafontaine, Beaumarchals and
Chopin. This Pere Lachalse is a won
derful place. It Is probable that no
cemetery in the world contains so
many illustrious dead. The name of
Pere Lachalse Is that of the confessor
of LouIs XIV. to whom this land was
given for religious purposes. Two por
tions are reserved for Protestants and
Jews. and at the entrance of the latter
stands the Greek funeral chapel of the
w~aft ia^t*oae 0nlat
But now for something more cheer
ful. As perhaps you do not know, I
was fortunate enough to be present at
the grand ball given in the Palais de
I'Elysee by M. and Mme. Loubet to
the commissialoners general of the expo
sition and to the foreign members of
the jury. It was the most cosmopoll
tan affair I ever attended. Suheb a
chatter and jabber in all the languages
of the earth! Would you believe It,
though out of all that babel one could
particularly distinguish the Anglo-Sax
on element, 1 couldn't help wondering
wbetber It was because we were more
numerously represented or because of
the strident quality In our volces. I
suppose you will. want to know what
Mme. Loubet ware. It was a toilet
worthy of a queen. More's the pity
that *uch a plain woman had It on. It
was a wonderful princesa robe of
mauve and white brocaded antln and
was covered with the finest embroid
'ery. She wore a great many diamonds.
principally around the decolletage. The
daughter of our American commission
er. Mrs. Rims. looked particularly well.
I thought. In her gown of black and
zilver. with here and there a touch of
cerise taffetas.
There was quite a swell 5 o'clock tea
affair at the Hotel Campbell. The
Grand Duke Serge of Russia was the
host, and among the royal guests pres
ent were the king of Greece, the Prin
cess of Wales. Prince Nicholas of
Greece and the Grand Duke and Grar. 1
Duchess Vladimir. By the way. the
Princess of Wales has been visiting
Paris Incognito. She even omitted to
take a minor title of nobiltty, as is her
custom. This going about incognito is
about the only amusement the unfortu
nate crowned heads can enjoy in these
unromantie times.
Although my income Is too llmlted to
allow of my betting heavily, yet I will
admit having been to the races several
times lately. The last time was at
Chantilly. I don't know when I enjoy
ed myself so much In all my life. There
was a whole coachful of us. and we
had four of the finest bays you would
care to see. We preferred driving down
in th's way to going by train, although.
as usual, the special accommodatlons
were perfect. I saw any number of
notables, the Princess Murat, the Vi
comtesse Foy, and, oh, I almost forgot
the best part of all! His majesty King
Leopold of Belglum was there. He
rode down in his automobile. I con
fees I had some curlosity to see the
sporty old boy who has made blhimself
the laughing stock of all Europe. He
is an unprppossessing old man, with
watery eyes and, yes, a somewhat red
nose. If he were not a king. no one
would look at him twice. I hear that
be bas placed bis wealth and royal dig
nity at the fot of Anna Robinson, a
lIttle Yankee danseuse. Well, tomor
row It will be some one else.
BEATRICE CHAPMA".
A PMraste.
Towne-It seems Jenkins has just
discovered that be bas a family tree.
Browne-Yes; it's an outgrowth of
hbis successful business plant.-Phila
delphia Press.
w^ g kntHöi ur i ncr- $5r-^
Unele Snmm' Lighthoumeu and How
They i;oard the tConst.
[bplH'ial C' rre-ponilenre.']
ConAss:T. 1ass.. Dee. 3.- Now is the
;ttirni siasn lr:\wini near, andl the
Eharn ]prIra.:trr' whlr. the l~iirththrure
ti i< : l ol'S W l :rort l !i 1 vli l l I
keiprr in his lofty wiiil ;i wave
wipt r't';ie rmust ireilo e e<ver on the
llert to w in tlikh marilner if Iirikilig
r'ks anl trech;irii u 'shuiii;ls. 'lire New'
Engliiad - a;ist was \fir th scene of
th~ w :. St ! 1< 1( t violg.nt <lf Oli1
Npunie's a ssulus i lhumi>in lif' aind
11 fated vesrels. ainl it is buit a uatural
onse'iuence tlihat nimany imilliniis of dol
Inirs lavor tren exr'îl r lie y thlie U'nitl
St;;rs 'r.rrnro'nt in making the nmuili
tradtiekid waters as safe a thirrougli.
fare as p Snible. Some of tihe best
eqFItj|ij)pd ligh lttiouses as well is llight
ships and l te saving stations in thie
wirrl itre s(tittered :ilone dlang-r broed
Ing shores from Point Judith to Grand
Mannn, and if thlie lives preserved
ruIl bh ahe 'reiit'd witi roni'tary
value and a< to the wortli of the
proprrty saved tlirourli tliceir ag'ncies
the rost of tlihe sustenanei of this
braneb of signal service would appear
lrsi:1iitirint in tlie extreui .
Just ':i, riiunniiingi of thlie liigthouses
and lilght iis of the United States and
the niiiriinttance of tlhe b oys oist
more tTinu .III, .I)îs a y-ar. T'lie sala
ri-s ' f -lit lihouse keepers alone
atmornt'q last yeour to al)out SSO- N.10t.
The. n oir:1r of thliese keeprs on duty
t'irour ih tie wholol 'inite-d States is e's
tliitiiril at aluit 1-iM). Thie winter
nionthis are uiisually look'dtl fri-ward to
witl iinrewlat of appln'iieon liy tlie
watriirs of th lto p, for no one, trhen
knows \ a ;;t a lay may bring forthi in
thie sihap) of' lhurricanes and noigh»aend
sOas. 'lTh'e uightLouses, especially those
sitnuitd ait any appreciable <istance
from land. ke'ep snupplies stocked in for
Beveral weeks alhead, thus warding off
the likelihood of privation during tlihe
time wrien the turbulont condition of
thet sea reirlers communicatiun with
the shore inmposslble.
Onlie of the most famous lighthouses
In the world Is the Minot's Ledge liglht
In Missachluisetts bay directly off Co
hnasset. This light Is a marvel In con
struction and e conceded to he even
superior to the well known Eddystone
light In the English channel. Minot's
^a^w-~~ ^^ -7^.^
MINOT's s LTo IW A ,TORM
Is built on a sunken ledge In an open
and exposed situatlon three mlles from
the rock strewn Cohasset beach. The
ftrst time I saw the masalve brick and
cement cylinder. truly descritbed by
Whittler as "a wide mouthed cannon
gaping upward at the aky," a feel"ig of
aWe tinged with admitratlon stole over
me. What a hblstory that stalwart old
oentlnel of the sea could write were it
but eudowed with the power of narra
tion! What scenes of <chaotie s|»endor
It had witnessed! What tales of eorr)r
and anguishb It could iiifiid .1'' * A k
of struggling seamen ruiungh w:tili ie
cries of terrlfied women and efildIren
as the crumbling waves bore them on
ward and downward seemed almost to
have left their lmprint on the sullen.
gloomy tower. VIslons of stout ships
straining and vanquished, pounding and
grinding on the hungry ledges whose
appetites could never hbe satiated. rose
in my mind, and I could almost see the
sheets of wind driven spray and foam
as they swept over the very top of the
structure. Other important lights I
have seen and visited include the
Highland light on Cape 'Co<l. the Gay
Ilead lighlit on Martîas Vineyard, the
Navesink lighlt at Atlantic Highlands,
N. J.; the I'urupkin Island light in Eg
gemoggin reach, Maine; the Green Is
land light in Blue 1ill hay, Maine; also
lights on Mouut Desert Island. but not
one of the se can hope to outrank Ml
not's Ledge beacon as an associate
with tragical events. t
The solid structure now standing on
Minot's ledge is the second light
house that rock has borne. The first
was made of iron pillars set a short
distance apart so that the sea niigiht
break through them. The Idea was
that this sort of building would offer
less resistance to the passage of power
ful waves. One umemor-able nighjt in
the winter of 1850 a great storni arose.
The waves tw-lsted and tore the iron
pillars and hurled tihe 'dilife into the
tossing waters, drowning all the five
keepers who were insidii. The prei-<nt
lighlithouse, however, bids fair to stand
until the end ef time.
The lighthliouses along this section of
the woast ani in-luding tiose in tos
ton harbor are in what is known as the
Second Lighthouse distri-t. Adiniral
Ceorge tDewey once served as in-pector
In this district. then was malei naval
secretary and finally beanie a inember
of the lighthouse board. Adiniral WVin
field S. Schley was twic irinsecior and
afterward occupied IDewey's place as
chairman of the- board.
FREDERICK R. TOOMDS.
Ci)AIY BOY IS- SAFE.
He Is Returnedt to th~ Father for
Ransnom by Kidnappers.
$25.000 IN GOLD PAID
The Money Was Taken by Mr. udlahy
Alone to a Designated Spot and
the Boy Later Returns to
Hlis Father'a Home.
Omaha, Dec. 21.-Twenty-five thuu
~oA dollars in gold was the price paid
by Edward A. Cudahy, the millionaire
packer, for the return of his son, Ed
ward Cudahy, Jr., abducted by a gang
of kidnappers last Tuesday night. On
SWednesday about noon, and several
hours after the letter had been left in
the front yard at the Cudahy residence,
another missive was delivered at the
the Cudahy resideuce. It came through
the mails and contained a proposition to
return the boy safe and unharmed pro
vided the sum of $2.3,000O was paid that
night.
In the letter were full directions as to
where the mioney was to be left and as
uenrance given that the missiug boy
would be allowed to return home with
in a few hours time wheu the eash was
received. A consultation was held at
ouce and the matter gone over in detail.
Plans were discussed for the capturing
of the bandits when they should make
their appearance at the rendezvous that
had been designated, but they were
dropped as being impracticable. Final
ly impelled by the strain under which
the entire household was laboring, Mr.
Cudahy decided to comply with the
terms offered and ransom his son. The
money was seenred by a trusted messen
ger, sworn to secrecy and brought to the
Oudahy residence.
Late Wednesday afternoon Ondahy
had one of his horsea harnesed to a
light buggy and taking the money with
him left for the designated place at
which it has been stipulated the money
was to be left. In the buggy he carried
a red lantern and was alone. He drove
five miles west of town on Sherman
avenuaroad until he came to a white
lantern that wba hanging on a short
stick by the side of the road. This was.
the place where he was to leave the
boy's ransom, and alighting from his
buggy he deposited the sack close by
the stick bearing the white lantern.
Then, without seeing anyone, he re
turned home.
In the meantime the abductors of the
boy had seen the red light coming up
the road and as ~oon as the buggy had
disappeared they took the money and
prepared to keep faith with the father
of the boy. The lad was bundled into a
haok and set down close by his father's
honse about 1 yesterday morning. Hav
ing been blindfolded all the time, the
boy was unable to say where he had
been, but as nearly as he ouonld estimate
by the few observations he was able to
make he thought he had been taken Ave
miles sooth of South Omaha.
The cunning of the gang who had the
boy in keeping and their thorough
kpowledge of the geography of the city,
are evidenced in the plans thqy laid.
Olose by the plaoce where Ondahy was
directed to leave the ranmom for hik son
the river approaohed the road and it is
mupposed the men were on the watoh
for the millionaire and iaw his red light
from a boat. As soon as he had driven
away and they had convinioed them
selve- rno t . re lurki' -ear, they
unp Vank. pb.
ta d h * iat b,]' n left for
th"n,, mn: '*a*ir wvity lboat again
and escaped without leaving any teil
tale footprints.
There is absolutely no clue to the
identity of the abductors, although the
police have been working incessantly on
the matter ever since it was ffrst report
ed to them. Whether the boy will be
able to furnish a clue that will lead to
the capture of the outlaws who held
him prisoner for over 24 honrs, remains
to be seen.
CAME HOME ALONE.
Toung Cudahy Shown up at the Rel.
dence Early In the Morning.
Omaha, Dec. 21.-The 15-year-old son
of Edwin Cudahy, who disappeared
from bis home in Omaha Tnesday even
ing and for whom the police have been
searching since his disappearance, re
turned at 1:30 yesterday morning. At
the time of his return two p'licemen
were on guard at the house bnt did not
know anything about the boy's reap
pearance until onie t the family came
out and told theum that their services
were dispensed with, that Eddie had re
turned. The officers at the time iuquir
ed for particulars but none of thefamilv
would make a statement except to saty
that a full statement would be made
later in the d;ay.
When it became known that the boy
was safe at home a nuinber of friends
called up the residence by telphlione.
Mrs. Cudahy relnw-d to answ r all
questions andwonu 'ily ,ây th..t her
son was safe and.well.
The mi st important light thrown on
the Cudahy boy's di(isappearance after
the anonymous noto was found, was
when W. S. Glvnin who runs a livery
stable stated thata 11.r n had come tor
his barn Wedn.-dîy fr"inoo<u and asked
to use the telephoniie. Frank (flyun, a
son of the proprietor, was in the oiïe
at the time and readily gave his cornsent.
The stranger, without taking the
trouble to look up the nnmb<c: in the
telephone book called for E Ilward Cuda
hy's house. The Cudahy telephone was
busy at the tinie and he huiing up theoar
trumpet and stepped outAide the door
and looked up and down the street as if
watching for soenit- o'ne. In a inoient o
or two ho returued and called up the
Cudal y's house. This time he was wao.
cessful and he sail in a surly t.io of
voice: "Have yvu loked in the fronb
yard for a letter?"
The anuwer evidently was "nf" for
Le added; "Do so at ouoo and you will
find one."
He then hung up the phone andt
stepped outside, mounted a pony he had
corme on, and rode rapidly west on Leav4
enworth street.
As soon as the men had finished talk. -
ing Officer Dempsey callod up Glynn and
auked that the man at the stable ke-ep
Swatch as to the direction the stranger
had taken. Five minutes later D'nmps.ey
and Officer Jorgensen arrived at the
barn, but the m,.n who telephonid had
disappeared. They were in the Cudaihy
house when the man telephoned abuLtxa
the letter.
Chief Police Donahne gave out the
following stateiuent regarding the Cud
ahy kidnapping:
"You may rest assur'd of this minch,
the boy was kidnapped and takin from i
the cit% Further than that I c:n say
but very little now, but expect Mr.
Cudany to call at my ofiice and after
talking with him I expect to be able to
make a statement in the afterno)n."
Being further prissed as to details
about the return of the boy and the
terms made by E. A. Cutlahy, Sr., f)r
return, if any offered, the chief said:
"Any statement coming from me at
this time might throw down the whole
plan on which we intend to work. The
boy is again safe at home. Polioo offi
oers on duty at the house saw him come
in. I was advised by telephone at the
time and was informed the boy was
safe and well. That was the prinolpal
thing. I am getting information now
as to what more happened."
There Is one New York landlady who
bas come up trom the ranks of working
girls herselfand knows and remembers
how hard It Is for such girls to obtain
comfortable and respectable lodging
houses for the small sum they are able\ *
to pay. When this blessed landlady
finds a really worthy young working
woman of small means, she gives her
a room at about one-third below the
current price. She does not lose any
thing through her benevolence, how
ever. She says, "I make up the differ
ence on men who are able to pay good
prices."
Miss Mary H. Krout, who first be.
came generally known through her po
Iltical correspondence for the Chicago
Inter Ocean during an exciting cam
paign, bas returned from her journey
to China and Japan. Miss Krout, in
wbom the wander blood is strong, bas
been In nearly all partsa of the world
Europe, Asia, Australla and Hawaitj
In each she accumulated material to be
spun by her brain Into delightful read
ing matter. She bas removed to New
York city and will make that her head
quarters In future.
I have just seen a little book which
may prove helpful to many women the
country over. It ta written by Mra. M.
V. Norys of West~eld, N. J., and It ts
called "Easy Poultry Keeping For In
valids." Mrs. Norys tells us that uhe
herself bas had much experlence both
In Invalldism and poultry keeping and
that the two go "well together. and the
experimenter is able often to evolve out
of the luvalidism. Perhaps the hen
eure,wil be on the UIst of future spe
cilics for the weak and aliox. Who
knows? The little book Coitante pho-r
tographs of some of Mrs. Norys' pets.
She recommends as a help to beginners
the state agelcultural experiment sta
tion poultry bulletins.
st st stl
The school board of New York city
bas a woman truant oficer who is shin
Ingly efficient. She is Mrs. Mary E.
Alger. a young and decidedly healthy
woman. She bas proved especlally val
uable in running in and returming to
home and school boys who have be
come fascinated with dime novel tramp
life and attempt to join vagabond
bands. Lately she performed a really
daring and dramatic exploit At the
head of 20 policemen she ralded a
freight train on the New York Central
road and captured nine truant school
boys, as well as the tramps with whom '
they were running away. MIrs. Alger
herself collared an 18-year-old I)'y and
dragged hin fromi his hiding place. The
police reinained in concealmernt till the
woman unearthed the game. TIhe game
did not suspect her of being an offtlicer
and 4o was taken unawares.
st st st
The maxim "The only good Indinan is
a dead Indin'" does not find favor
witti Miss Ida L. Paliner of Fort lIla!l,
Idn Slipe Is priinary teacher in one of
the largest and noii)st suecessful Indian
Bchools. She sp!nks highly of the in
telligence of the little savages.
Preparing to Tint a ihotograph.
To prupare n photograph for tiuting
wash over the phiotograph with clean
water. using ii large brush. If the wa
t,' runs oll unkevenly, forming glob
uiles as if grfasy. wipe off the water
anil pa-s tfi torniue upward over the
wvl'le f 'a'e f the picture. lRepeat the
1)!*< .ts ut ei,. and on again trying the
vtr it sli'»li 11e smoothly on every
l i !w olitograph will then be
r te." t1 ;ak thp colors. If you do not
,k i Re 'u nr tongue, there are prep
arnt 'i for sale that will produce ttw
seut result, says Art Amateur.