MONEY TO LOAN. IP YOU NEED MONEY
And can not call, ph,l e 5(,1, tw, rings
All Amounts. Personal Collateral. and we willl call you plrsonally- All
Watches, Jewelry, Diamonds, Guns. Etc. transacti,,iis confiilhntial.
Barglins in Unredeemed Pledges L. ITEKILS [ 1. The Shr verort Pai;vn1rokr
419 Tl'.\~ Stree.e , ()ll·, uifte I".l ' olln .
• -n, • •-----
THE CAUCASIAN
\NIOM " I E _
e c1uCaa i0n PJblshl nQ companY
OFFICIAL ORGAN
OF THE
PARISH OF CADDO
"Why Not Kruger?"
Tbe Commoner, iu an interesting
and forceful article referring to thb
expression of heartfelt condolonl
by Mr McKinley to his Majesty.
Enperor William of Germany, ove
the death of his mother, aupries*
"Why not Kruger?" Mrs Kruger,
wife of Mr Kruger, president of the
South African Republic, died roor.
than a month ago, but not a word of
sympathy wa sent to Mr Kruger by
Mr McKinley. "Why not Kruger?"
The answer is simple. Mr McKinlev,
is president of the L nited Btates, did
not wish to offend or displeue
England.
The Injunction Judge.
The judge, says the Cemnercti
Appeal, who grauts the steel trul
ano Ijunctlon against labor Is entitle
to nothing but the co&tempt of tb
country. If the strikers violate laI
let them be regularly indicted and
found gnlity, punished. It no laI
ear be found wh'ob they have vic
lated, then it is simply infamous t
jall them for contempt of court. Tb
wholesale Imaanos of injuctions a
the llatigation of organised wealt
against organised labor invites a wa
on the courts.
Way is it that oorpnratlons, espe
dally railroads, so Irequsotly arous
the displeasure of the people? 8imphl
because, they aptagosase by a defl
anoe or a disregard of the laws whiet
are observed or obeyed by the indl
.-+Masl. (e oouuall of the city o
Shrevepor. bshould oomel the en
-oree.wea on tue. lawa, in the saw
eplit 'tt talruese, Whýther it be a
sorporatio or ajy individuat. Why
. . "2
The eo+eltrasuoa of lsa gra.mt o
the frasehleo sad right of was
throgh streets of the ety to the
People's Belt Railwsy has been de
layed under the rules of the council
sad mast lay over thirty dayTefrem
the dale wlhe It w la htrodued la
tae eoouell. The People's Belt Rall.
way Is prowlag iu popularity aid is
favored, epeonidly by reedents along
the orporste unalts.
Two melmber of inse oly cosncil,
at the eeeioes held rhuredsy night
Mr A.ure sad Mr Mabry, announced
that they are I favor of the Cety pur
chasulag the water worl plant. Mual
slpal dwershlp sty be as issue in
the neat eleotloo for city otl oer.
Teanbaiag by E.ptsl.--"J ºbuuy,'
usail the pretty Leacher, ,what', a
"t can' etactly put It in words," re
turned the boy, "bat if yer really
wlater know, I oe show yer."
Is &tlauts, Ols, tle B3ard of Police
Oommitslonere has abolished the
detective bureau and plaed the
whole respoasubility upon the shoul
denr of the chief of pollee.
The firt bile Il being received lu
every town li the South, and there
tre the ovelty is at ar end until
sext season.
While we do not claim
to cover the earth nor
the fulness thereof, the
advertisers In the Cau
caslan generally derive
benefits from their In
vestmentq. The Caucas
Ian readers are not lim
ited to the city but ex
tends over the great ter
ritory whose marKet Is
Shreveport.
3aº, Ae A.w ý Kdee, e
III'.N' tP'fleIrsaIll kidey IlL
ISTHMIAN REVOLUTION.
Three Countries ir. lnrtile in a Comubine
Agetint 1'olombia.
New York, Aug. ! 7.-Nws has beeoon
reci vored in this city inivolvingii Venezuela
Nic'iaragua antd EIuador in the attnempt
of ( ;neral Uribe-ITribe, the ('ohllobiasn
relMl hlader, to overthrow the govern
mint of Colonimbia.
A year ago it was known to the Co
Inlhian authorities that the rebels nu
der I'ribe were receiving tmiaterial aid
fromn the.se republics and recent t devol
opmeints and information rice ivted by
Collombian agents c, inlirm the bdlief
that these counties are preparing open
and sinmultan(.eis attacks on Colombia.
It has been further learned that the
plan of attack has practic tly been
agreed upon. Large numbers of Nicar
aguans have already joined the rebels
in the delartment of Panama, and it
will be these marauding bands the
United States will have to deal with if
it becomes necessary to land marines at
Colon or Panama to protect American
interests.
Venezuela's point of attack will nat
urally be from the Colombian-Venezue
lan hordee, where the recent battles are
reported to have taken place between
Venezuelan regulars and an invading
army, commanded, according to Vene
zuelan authorities, by General Gonzalez
Valencia. It is somewhat doubtful, how.
ever, if General Venlencla had any.
thing to do with this movement unless
war has already broken out between
Venezuela and Colombia.
If the present plans are carried out,
the rendesvous of the Ecouadorean in.
vaders will be in the southern part of
Oonca, where two Colombian rebel gen
erals are now said to be encamped with
4000 troops.
A number of the officoers in the army
of Colombia, were educated in the
United States. Many of the native offi
cers have been t'rained by Captain H.
Lemly of the United States artillery, re
tired, brother of Captain Lemly, judge
advocate of the navy. Captain Lemly
was military instructor in Colombia for
several years.
The new minister of war of Colombia,
General Pedro Ospina, has also felt the
efeet of American influenoe. He is
one of three brothers who were edueated
at the University of Oalifornia. His
father, General Marino Ospina, was
president of Colombia from 1857 to 1860,
and was deposed as the result of a revo
lution led 'by General Mosquer, gor
ernor of the state of Caca, who was
aggrieved becanae of the alleged inter
ference of the national government in
local matters.
FISHING BY ELECTRICITY.
new Twerk IllUesade Pr psee to alted
Thern by a Powerftel Lgbt.
New Haven, Ang. 17.--W. B. Meade,
the New York millionaire, purposes to
catch fish by temporarily blinding them.
He has fitted out four boats, each 76
feet in length and will send them to the
Pacific slope. In this connection he has
consulted leading Yale soological pro
fessors and other leading scientists, and
has had confirmed his theory that the
Yale submarine electric light, fashed in
the eyes of the fish, will blind them,
cause to come to the surface and then
land them in the nets which will be
'-anring from the boats' sides. YalI
scientists have told him deep-sea fish.
ang will be revolutionised by this new
method.
The idea of catching fish by blinding
them with a powerful light was sug
tested to Mr. Meade by Francis G. Hall,
Jr., and Irving E. Burdick, the Yale
men who three years ago invented the
:ubmarine electric lights. They are the
ugineers who have fitted up for Mr.
Meade his boats which are now in New
York wP.ing to be dispatched for the
Pacific.
Each boat is to have a separate elec
tric plant of its own. The dynamo, di
rectly connectred with the new type of
petroleum engine, is to be placed with
its switches near the engine, permitting
the engineer to attend to all conven
lently. Wires are to be run from this
point to different parts of the boat to
spply current for a new portable naval
searchlight projector, to be u in find
ing buoys, etc., for general illumina.
Sion and for four huge Yale submarin.
ire lights of several thousand candle
power coch, which are to do the actua
Bahing.
Chatiabrhala Carried His Polal.
New York, Aug. 17?.-Concerning the
ffect of the discussion in the house o
commons of the latest South Africat
situation, the London representative o
The Tribune cables that Chamberlait
arried the house of commons with hin
in his defense of Kitchener's banist
anent proclamation. It seems clear th
British government has determined the
Sept. 13 shall mark the beginning o
he resumption of something like civi
uthority in South Africa. Sir Willian
Vernon.Harcourt has endeavored to con
end the terms of the proclamation in.
rolved the destruction of the belligerent
rights of the Boers in the field, but Mr.
Jhamberlain pointed out that those
ights will be withdrawn only if the
.resent Boer operations degenerate tc
nere plunder and murder.
n ianformatlon.
New Y rk. Aug. I .--Nthing e.dl
, nit, , uhl I e l.:arn.I, hir,. t I th r,,
p, rte t r'-tig .itil'cc of l'reý id cnt I lHavo4,
of the S 41ihrn r ,acfi ' i Iit way c om.
Fany. ('Iitr, 11. T''wi.,il. chatrnan ,f
the omIcnpaiv ' h cir, of dilroctort, staid
h. hai l n.t I .,.p i nf ,rmilcr c that hI hxld
Snot bhon ilormedl t lat Mr Hlayos had
resiglte d.
Viscount 'i oanolltlorari w the Althor.
Icoilý don. Aug. 17.--'T'he article fItc
which the editor aita I puhlishc.r of Th,.
(tlobe of tiht+ city hast b 'n s, nui oell llllllc d
to appear at the bar of the hnuscc of
co onlllllllls aLt insttL n of I rih Inloumbi'rs,
was writlten by ViSoeunlt Mou.ltii.l rrorrs,
I whcco fathetr was a virttn of agrarian
outrage a sccore of yetars ago.
tain, Hall and VWind.
Phoenix, A. T., Aug. 17.- A heavy
rain of a half hour's duration ccurred
at Lisa City, 1I mniles east of here, ac'
oompanied hby a heavy fall of hail, an
unusual ,sceurrenee in this region. The
wind broke down trees and unroofed
small buildings.
Miner. Crushed.
Calumet. Mich., Aug. 17. -The hang
ing rock in the twenty-eighth level of
Shaft No. d of the Tamarack fell Thurs.
day night killing three mnen and injur
ing two others, neither of whom can
live.
Left Voluntarily.
Washington, Aug. 17.-The depart
ment of state has been advised by tel
egram from Mr. Russell, charge d'af
Iaires in Venezuela, that the departure
of the Colombian minister from Caracas
was voluntary and he intends to return
to his post.
Born in Ezecutlve .Manilo.
Frankfort, Ky,, Aug. 17.-A fine girl
has made her appearance at Governot
Beckham's mansion. The governor was
away at Bardstown. This is the firs!
baby born in the executive mansion
since Buckner's administration.
Four Men Were Killed.
Eagle Pass, Tex., Aug. 17.-A freight
train on the Monterey branch of the In. C
ternational with 18 cars was ditched s
The engineer, a Mexican, and two Mz. In
san firemen, were killed.
Wlreless TelegraLph Message
New York, Aug. 17.-The steamer t
Lucania, Captain McKav, from Liver. e
pool, Aug. 10, was spoken through the t
medium of wireless telegraphy by the ti
Nsntucket lightship shortly after it
o'clock Friday evening, whence the mes- a
sage went to the Herald station at 81as a
oonseit. The following message wasI
among those received: it
"All well on board. We are within
970 miles of Sandy Hook and expect to
reach New Z ;,rk harbor Saturday
Please inform Cuniard awlteat.
" ,"I KA Y"
~lerned .1Al th p-.
Norfolk. An¢. 17.--The weather br
rean here has warned all outgoing ship
ping of the apronanhing storm and non
ifled them that it will be nneafe to vetr
'nre out to sea. especially barnt Cal
-Iatteras, until the di.turbanoe has bhe
blown over. Hamoton RoP.Is and tI
inner harbor are rhrmn,.ed with shi.
waiting for a safe ti'te to I',piart..
Another Watll IIr.oghr i.m"
Bian.nont. Tex.. Aug 17.--The con
pany headed by ex-Senator Citarlrs
Towne brought in a giu-her near t
bottom of Spindlerop RI'd¢ and imn,
diately adjoining a I0i) acre. tract
land owned by the comlpany. M!
Towne has comnleted the organizati ,
of the Central Asphalt and Refinit
bompanv and work on a $2:0,010 plan
will begin in 10 days.
Too Much Lsndsaulm.
Houston, Aug. 17.-A dying man wa
found here near the old field pieces ý,
artillery. He later (lied from the ethc
of laudanum. evidently an overdose
His name wasM.ames McAllister and h
was a laborer out of employment. Th,
body was surrounded by bottles in whiol
water, liquor and laudanum had bees
been taken.
NEWS IN BRIEF.
Improvements in the Brooklyn navy
yard, amounting to $2,000,000, will soon
be begun.
The infant child of Jonas Amburger
of Paris, Ills., died as the result of
swallowing a box of pills.
Charley Huber, the olddest character
and probably the poorest person at Ar
cola, Ills. has received word that he has
inherited a fortune from an aunt in
Germany.
William File, 21 years old, of Evans.
ville, Ind., comnittecý suicide on ao
count of ill health.
Randolph Need:am was drowned in
the Ohio river near Union City, Tenn.,
while bathing.
Bernard cLran, aged 19, was thrown
from a horse at El D irado, Ills., ant
killed.
The city conuil of Oklahomo City,
O. T., has. let the contract for paving
the streets in the bnsiness section.
Henry Waterson, .Jr.. and Miss Blan.
ca Estha Casanoys. a Spanish girl for
merly of Cuba, were married at Phila
delphia. Pa.
State militia saved James Donning,
a negro, from being lynohed at S.,r
dis, Miss.
Es-Governor William J. Stone, who
has been seriously ill at St Louis, is
mmnoving.
A LITTLE SOURF CREAM.
And 'Tao or Three f)alleloun Thing:
lhant S1ny 1i. Sind. ' N ith It.
+ \ ,lt infr lt, ll tlly tin tlrifty hlu.t
N l if li ihin s htll if fa i l: I , Ill pr'llrl ,l
o f :1I lill l l ii I l .1U "-d r1 n ',. :f rlll it Is
j v. I n lill i n Salad Lo l I il\nl writ
Il r .l,,tl i I ',I. l_ ti:. I,. 1,, Ii \I:l:;1 %ill1 , '.1tR l
r 1'.' 111' 11 I I ,l ' i"r lt it.
I" .i' It II ls u h lls Ie\'Ver ' rlisc, err' el'r.
w h:lla :1 .' ha l Iii I 51t?1t' it is \ith i a11
, gic st 'le g : Is l( r III "li i\ ' l rh ' tliuestinrl
Il I fetV iiinfit s ivith a ,ilint' paut of
fresh l iuttIrl' T h,'ii' I .lttl''ln ill, i, ii 'lr e d
I R11 11 it , l :l t a' y tr' lt III, li -I.t It'c 1 ,i II l
:lathstl f l , r . ':I , ,'hi w .I , l i tlll 1he1 gold
n. ll( pal rhl Illaps is hft unll lIttedl Io
glrulla' tlhe' I:t ' it tlh' appelt.izing gnr
nitllre i f 11 l i t .nce , l are llf
in t111h foil o vllowin rK li s Ba re s o tt
la t t:l.1, to li ee that: tlhe irich cri*'llll has
renacIheI hIt thhk·nnl lH stage. whilh the
soil:,l. nultl lured \ ith 1)1 1. liits pilling,
tshoubl Le stirrrdl 11t1. In h. (e alr n untili
It is Pal'rf'atly in solllt on, ithe whi lle a
foamv Imus Iii htl tha' siapoo n struck
against tie side of the cup gives hick
a hIollo. sound liltro gthi'r tc loa at'unt of
its ('( Podllt on t t in, altlaae alle c5'adl ear.
Neither ratter nol r alin llllll p wder is
caltleh fr, I here is no dean'lla for
wroe lsll ('reaming together of butterll
and sugtri', n ll'. hile iiito iaie are the
whittes iind yaoltk of tlhw eggs to bi sep
uratelay bentialn. ''lThe up used is the
tin l.a'llrg cIup in ur'ked in quarters
and hohllng a half pint.
So r C'rea nn (ingerbraad. - Three
quarters of a cupful of thick sour
cream, half a cupful of molasses, half
a cupful of granulated sugar, two cup
fuls of flour ur nanured before sifting,
two eggs, a rounding te'anspoonful of
baking sodan. a tablespoonful of ginger,
a de'ssertspolonful of cinnamon. Heat
together eggs, sugar and molasses. Add
half the 'reamu and dissolve soda in
the remainder, after which beat all
lightly together. Sift into the mixture
flour, ginger and cinn:amon and stir un
til smooth. take in a moderate oven
about half an hour.
Sour Cream Biscuits.-One cup of
flour, measured before sifting; half a
cup of sour cream. one-foulrth cup of
sweet milk.one levei ta'asloonful of bak
ing powder, half a teaspoonful of soda,
scant messure, one-third teaspoonful of
salt I
Bift the flour, baking powder and salt
together In a mixing bowl. Add the
cream. In which the soda has been per
fectly dissolved and. *ahen well mixed,
the milk. Mix smooth and roll out.
using as little flour on the bread board
as possible. Roll about an inch thick
and bake ten minutes in a hot oven.
This will make about ten biscuits two
inches in diameter before baking. I
. .
THE SUNBONNET GIRL.
Wears iHer New Headgear or Lets It
Haag Dow. Her Back at Vill.
After the various sorts of summer
girls-the dimity girl. the white duek
girl and the golf girl-comes the new
eat of all, the sunbonnet girl. With
her curls flying about her sunburned
cheeks, her face never looked balf so
bewitching as when thus quaintly
framed. says the New York Herald.
For sailing, tennis, golfing and In
deed any outdoor sport the summer I
girl dons this new and favorite head
covering and sallies forth realy to en
joy whatever fun there is in store for
her.
She may tie the strings of her old
fashioned headgear under her chin or
leave them flut'ering to the breeze, Just
whichever happens to be the fancy of
THU GOLF GIRL'S FAVORITE,
the moment, for the sunbonnet girl is
one who Indulges every whim and is in
for a most enjoyable time.
Half the time the bonnet is hanging
down her back by the strings or swing
ing over her arm and, again. may be
carried by some member of the sterner
sex who flutters about the belle of the
season as the proverbial moth.
The golf sunbonnet, with its bright
red gorgeousness, makes a charming
bit of color on the smooth green links.
Gingham bonnets are trimmed with
rumles or fine white embroidery and are
perhaps the most useful kind of all,
yet they lack the airiness of the organ
die or mplL
Don't Accept a Substitute !
When you ask for Cascarets he
sure you get the genuine Cascarets
Candy Cathartic: Don't acce pt
fraudulent substitutes, imitations or
counterfeits! Genuine tablets stamp
ed C. C. C. Never sold in bulk.
All druggists, Ioc.
IIESIJIA1 OF Tiff S'fORtM
The Full Firce (',litered in and Of0
Sthel' M.bile Port.
BIUT FEtV IVI'ES L()ST
Shipping Suffered, Though Few Wrccks
Are let Rleported At Port Eads
the Sorm Wrecked Some
Ilouies and Lives Lost.
Mobil.e, A gi 17. 'Th' tropirnl storm.
ýt.hi)'h camnl uip not of th, south
ý'- dnett s.day, 11t) whin h in caased in
fuiry for nmorr thal :l i ii 1)01 it . it 1 ii.''v d
to hat' hlo) t h11 s.rvIr'ct in tt) vic in
ity of Mobile 'Tlihe wind !l,,w at the
rate of 70 mil ls an th Ir foli s4,iil' time
V1'tIl44 reports of the ldrowning Of
nOn in thei hay have reacthed here, hlot
it is iniporsihle to confirmn them. owing
to the cot plll etl tniie olition of all ineans
of rormmnrnunicntion.
The pleasulr'e yac'ht Mayflower of this
city with a party of prromineint people
on hoard fI oindl refuge on C'at isilandl,
but the Iboit was wrecked.
Nothing has yet Iirn heard from
Fort Morgan. Two companies of coast
artillery are stationed there. The itar
racks undohtedly received the full
force of the Ihlow.
No commulnication can he had with
any of the Islands In Mississippi sound,
just outside the bar, 40 miles below
here.
The fruit steamer Harold. from Por
to Cortez, has arrived. She reports
speaking to a 2-masted schooner 65
miles southeast of this port totally dis
masted. The captain of the schooner
declined assistance.
Logging camps and mill manufactur
ers have suffered considerable loss by
the breaking of booms. Sawlogs and
square timbers drifted into Mobile,
much of it coming up Royal street,
three blocks from the water front. The
Dixie sawmill of the Hieronymous
Bros.. located at Magazine Point, were
badly damaged, parts of the plant be
ing blown away. No estimate of the
damage is possible at this time. t
COMMUNICATION RESTORED
As far as Known Na Lives Were Lest
by the Storm at Mobil..
Mobile, Aug. 17,-As far as known
thero has been no loss of life from the
storm in Mobile or immediate vicinity, 1
though no reporti as yet have been re- 1
ceived from the coast or any of the is
lands below. Seven small vessels have
been lost, but the crews are believed to
be safe. The water, which reached a
high stage in the oity, subsided this
morning and is nowalmost normal. The "
aggregate damage to property in Mobile
is considerable. Nobody is loser, how.
ever, in any large amount.
STORM AT MOBILE.
TJ..l_ raý... ý n..._ .._ 1)a.
STORM AT MOBILE.
Little Damage fDone the City IEeept by
rthe BHgh Water.
Atlanta, Aug. 17.-Commr dlcation
1 with Mobile was established a, 9 Fri.
I day morning, over a wire entering the
city by way of Meridian. The only in.
formation obtained was that the water
in Mobile began to subside after mid
night, but was still high ast that hour.
The wire working into Mobile indicates
. the water had fallen at least four feet
from the height reported at the time
communication was severed on Thuas.
day.
Some of the points out off below Mo
bile are Fort Morgan and at PointI
Clear. The first information from these,
point, as well as many summer resorts
on the bay is expected by boat, as the
telegraph wire from Mobile to Fort
Morgan is down.
At 10:15 a. m. the operator at Mobile
said no loss of life in Mobile had been
reported up to that hour.
Wpathered the Storm.
Pensacola, Fla.. Aug. 17.-The French
steamer Cyrano has reached here and
reports that the American steamer
Evelyn. ten days from New York for
this port. went aground about eight
miles from Pensacola bar. She is listed
and is fast going to pieces. Tugs have
gone to her assistance. It is reported
that her cargo is valued at $400,000.
The Cyrano is from Savannah andi
experienced very rough weather. She
beat up and down the beach for three
days awaiting a chance to come in.
The Cyrano sighted the British steam
er Spennymoor, but she put back to sea
and was not sighted again.
During the storm here the Portu
guese bark Propheta, laden with a
cargo of timber v.lued at $5000. from
St. 'Ihomi, Africa, was badly dama
ged. Her rigging a as carried away,
masts snapped off and she was stove in
on starboard side stern. The bark
Brayton was also slightly injured.
The storm was one of the wildest
ever known here. It increased in vio
lence and reached a wind velocity ot
70 miles an hour, with spurts of 90
miles.
There was great damage to shipping
in the bay and the water front prop
erty. Twelve or fifteen schooners of
the E. E. Sanders company fishing
fleet were badly damaged.. Four of
them sank, causing a loss aggregating
$70.000.
The schooner Tortugas frcm Mobile
for Apalachicola with a 'argo of ex
press lumber, which put in for anchor
age, collided with another vessel and
Sank. I
Railway tracks north and south were
washed out and trains delayed.
Damage at New Orleans.
f'New Orleans, Autl. 17.-Thoe t
has practallly rulhriedl here and
river and lake :ar falling. The at
has rapidly r,,ecel,, frim the sectir o.
the city overfltwed Large btlies of
I'non hayve gonel t wolrk to repair the
damrragre done at various lake resorts
which hor, tihe trlt of the storm.
Little news ihas .rm n thus far from
Miis- iptui sound it,lt :hr has been no
loss of life within thlit stretch of I
ritory.
The Louisville and Nashville is still
badlly c(rippled. NI, truis have come
in or gone out over that that line sinoe
Welrdnerdav night. The subidengqe of
the water, however, makes it probable
the damage to track can hbe quickly re
paired and traffic resumiiedl.
A large number of cotton and other
bIurire ,s mon are still bottled up on the
c('ast and unable to get to their oflic.,s.
Th'e Northeastern road had some trouble
but the Illinois Central has aided both
tihe Louisville and N ashville and the
Northeastern in handling their pasnon
ger traffic.
The (Crornmwll liner, Comus, has ar.
rivetd here. She had lno trouble in the
storm rndl reported no vessels in dis
tress.
Dr. J. W. Thomas of the quarantine
station, boarded the c( ,rnus near the
mouth of the river and told Captair ,
Franklin that an unknown schooner and
a small boat had been wrecked in that
vicinity, and six lives lost. No serious
damage done at quarantine station.
Report from below says the tugboat
Biloxi of Slidell and two barges went
ashore and the fate of those on board is
not known.
News of the loss of the Cobden fatmi
ly of 15, above the quarantine statis.
has not been confirmed.
At Shell B.,ah the wind has ceased,
but water is rising and there has been
oonsiderahble damage to crops.
Rice was damaged oonsiderably down
the river.
The United Fruit company's steamer
Esther has arrived here. She experieno.
ed heavy winds, but was not injured
and saw no vessels in distress. The
Esther reported no serious damage at
the quarantine station, but considerable
property was swept away at Port Eads
The Fruit oompany fears for the safe
ty of another of its ships, the Fulton. .
The Fulton left Ceiba 14 days ago and
is now 10 days overdue. She has never
been reported.
The Esther brought up the captain
and four members of the crew of the
tug Boloxi. The Boloxi was eapslset
during the storm and the five resoned.
men made their way to a tree to which
they cluhng until rescued. They report
ed two of the crew of the tug mlisig.
Captain Stevenson of the gEsther sa, .
he saw a ship's mast sticking out ot the
water about nine miles from Northwest
Pass. He was unable to identify the
essel and saw none of her crew.
1 Crops , Milsstlsippi Dmsaged.
n' Meridian, Aug. 17.--Reports reoelve
9i here from points along the eastern por.
i tion of Mississippi and western Ala
bama support the belief that the orops
r have been damaged fully 50 per csnt by
- the gulf coast storm
r. The storm reached here early Thenr.
a day afternoon and showed no signs at
rl abatement until about 8 o'clock Pridqg
,e morning. The wind blew with fearul
' velocity, shaking the most subetantlal
buildings.
The greatest damage done in thi ,eity
I was the destruction of shade trees and
the blowing down of outhouses. The
store of H. M. Beggarty, a West Edd
' merchant, was totally demolished. All
trains are late and mane are annulled
entirely owing to washouts.
SAlabama Rivers High.
Montgomery, Aug. 17.-The rains of
the past 24 hours have been very heavy
over the entire watersheds of the Coosa
1 and Alabama rivers in this state and as
I a result these rivers will rise steadily
r during the next few days.
t Section Director Chaffee of the weatho au
er bureau predicts that Alabama river of
at this point will reach 2) feet. This id an
Smay overflow lands upon which good acy's
crops are now growing and in this oase
much damage will be done. , etc.
SThe storm from the gulf did oonsider" and
able damage in central Alabama.
Specials to The Advertiser from Se!mab
and Troy, say that cotton and corn woreýt'
prostrated around those towns, and the
loss to the farmers will be heavy. Trees
were uprooted and houses unroofed but
so far no loss of life has been reported.
I At Selma a raft anchored in the Ala
I bama river and supporting a huge pile
driver was struck carrying the machin
ery valued $2000 to the bottom.
In Autauga county the entimated
damage to the cotton crop vrries from
10 to 30 per cent. Late corn ii prostrated.
The Mobile train on the Sýuthorn duo
here yesterday morning cannot be heard
from. The wires are down below
Thomasville. Superintendent Foracre,
not being able to got any information.
left at an early heur on a special for
Thomasville to asw'rtamn the trouble. It
Is probable that a washout has occurred
below Thonwasville.
Shot Iy a Negro.
Waverly tation,. Aug. 7.--A negro
section hand shot and seriously wound.
ed a Polander here named Bukowsky
here. The ishooting occurred at the reas
of Bukowsk's store and is a very serious
wond. After the shooting the negre
made his e*.oape