} of the th
hvmti port C
ft ~ I V Y '#l #A-Y7 1,903.
'Us $uRtdy 111c r
£T~of the p.torictrc at
-_'hi ch Jsa* aoiiicd the
we .would: `lay or ad
the eof tbe criticismw-:f the out n nwpp ;el'rat
M4* onday's Witte Itc says
Prsd k hving & great dteal
wthf ,his nusn o ee-holder.
*I the 'Soth. Wedo nd t
hauve still more tro
If hi e . were to extcnrl
t section. He ham cd
oio the Mic, that h('
to ogee whercver
' r t r ft y a r e o f
~,~PTC.:BiO~jir~- n ctliao·
try same~-)om rule~
` ,: tnsyhani~a~sh~r ntn
e that,
evter oc
int
erol for
ior New
agregate
aM men
and
ey tin
hie
nat
al1ways
I oconC
we
Ys
F' Aj~
AN ORDINANCE
Levying Liccnses in the City of Shreve
port for the Year 1903.
S ct,1 1i I I. iv i it ordl.lnclI 'v the1 clity.
conncil of tlh city f S rhrev'eport, in
legal ;anihrlly co l v.iwil, that there bc
:114 1s het'r| ty lrv ] ti\ d a li' ltb " for the
V;ar '1,ty, tilt each pre.oll, ;i, rtialtitn
Of pit'rstoli'+ or butl-in s kirm atlld ttr
p raittions plur ing ;11 trade, proifes
sion, {,14"111 , calbllug or htusine still ub
i Ict t it, l -e n h i in .,l .\rti'ci'i af li
24 , , Ii I li,' I 11 tit ll tII, ,1m. tl, , OH . II,
win :
ctid ci liy h I I, t i.e ' ii i' t i anid till of
J;C ntlnl V 1t ,I(u, l ;u all ( unpaid h11(1'tl rs t(o
rco'ellt ill Xlttlu nt l ( illi i th( I11lh :day of
I;linttairy ti, l ;I. af ir \\tthi ih ( tli te peln i
tiesr altall trlv)ily.
Alv l tfi is lt 1i l iit, n .r il hnsinl after
fhl i th dI;II t lay of J.a ualry shalil Ibeomtle
(t nliliqU l iar nilcit lictll'n i palid wr ihin i
o Itl ir. , 'itih iity ciiinllc lrlir shall lle
gailltili, tlh e lirnl of l'll he ilnuci - on
aidt cllnniet Iht , ipl f a f-i. t In ssibll e (
ire fifty Aiilnittinal liiinir s for 11r kin .s
of. tlitn v h tr a five l tr l:iI, excepllt as
ifthrwirl provided forl , shall he grinhd
ed its a followsrt: n lr or
M - N 1,,( 'FM l [ "R l .
farirgraph I, 'that fllor carrying ol
cach has.,. of manufac turing subject
to ifil lic un tler :rtl, tlal of the ('on
$titution, the license shalil be b awsd on
Qross annual receipts (if suti bunsinss as
follo , ) to wi :
Firth Class. \\'heln the said receipts
are tlvlnty ith n ind dlollls orre an
more, thIe license shatll n fifty l ws, ind
icnse half 4he tw,5 e) llar ) drs
SFoifth 'lass When the said receipts
are fifty thousant d dollars Oore, and
less th l than tvtirtyv thollsanld dollars,
the license shall he thinrty five ($n5) do
$ars.) llar
SiThird Class., When the said re-i
cripts are foryi..-thousiand dollars or
more and thanss titan fifty thousand dol
la.rs, the license shall he twenty- ight
($dtla dollars
Foitrit Cloass. to the besaid receipts
ar thirty thoufrsand dollars o more and
less than forty tho Tsand dllarts, the li
license shall be twentyon the ($) dollars,
Fifth Class, When the said receipts
ire twety five tlhousand dollars o r more
and less than thirty thousand dollars
he license shall be tinrteen and onem-hal
($49,,5) dollars.
Sixth Class. When the said receipts
re less than twentyfive thousand ardo the
lars the linse sha e hall he . fifteen ($y5)
dollars.
Provided. nothing hern shald dcel Icon
,truid to apply to the business of grind
ing meal, ghtning cotton or making su
-tr by any farmear or planter.
"Paravrapl trd That for each business
eaf Tarrying on a bank, banking compan,'
Maociation, corporation or agency the
license shall be based on the declared or
nominal capital and surplus, as follows,
to-wit :
"First Cla.s. When said declared or
semminal capita) and surplus is three
eqd thousand dollars or mdre, and
four hundred thousand dollarse
shall be three. hundred and
Se) ' dd(lars. ) s
Class. When oild deciared or.
capital and surplu is tawl andw
thousand dollars or more, and un
dollars,.
"Third Class. When said declared or
onl capital and surplus is one hun=
thousand dollars or molre and less
lettws hundred thousand dollars, the
se salI 'be one hundred and fifty
th- Class. When said delared or
l caitai and surplus is fifty
Ksd d.t ars or more and under one~
isdddthousand dollars, the license
be' sev -e (75) d llars.
rovided in this ieton.; Owll
fiten made in: pitrsua of
F in , ho-tss of frying npri
hotse, bus is or
s ebased on the ýt l rde'
. . . . :
Den SRI
.i.
ctne hundrcrld ad tXw.i'e I do'lars andi
lifty centsci ($cllr.
'O l "-lth- l l s".'( 11 lsW he the antu11.11,4 g ia
l lllrand arc l n c 're than fliflcell thl I ,
ai.d d(c,lli , the ihclI sre '.hall In. ,,f enti
five ($7; l d,,llar1.,
fith ('las, \' hcI. the aill ;al - ,i, s
c'"cr1Iii tii,, c',h , e'xce'rc d five thousic ;c eid (ii
larsic arid i;re 1no m re thran r I tc hl tlhsIn ll
di llarrs, Cth licc'.eses hall I ' llifty ($ i)
ttiiars.
Sixth ( ltacr. AW hen the' :cnuc al c grci
cimtll i"t ti ..n i i are litvc trlst' : ctdI l c(l ila" ri
cr lioc,, tlh' liec'.r sh'icltcll I.i t ii.. ve h
S$J.) d, ilarlir,
lnit is trl elm rclcl- e ;lcd inchi'ir ll c,rm
nimoul or brokerage rec vted by .1nv
pr'lsoC cr lCerstl , f.irms cr c mpn.;llly ,i
:,Ii salest a whether11 ;.ll t(hl e" , whte , r
thr' llhinlp' h. nlght (,r .ilhl i celir('r i ciral
See, r. le it ftirlth r ec. td, c. Iet,,
Thuat e:.'h atal e'vrv r c awctl-o rciti,'r ,'r
keelpc r , ,f :a icar cliuce, vic.,se c'tcit:l, ic
aci ital cuse, s liftV th uiit,:n l dlclari . u (r
mir'e. shall bie gradcd ;' righith c'l:s,
fecl tnC f cirth. I ihe licenc .' shall ie livc'
hctctred ($c r ) d.ci llr c rc : t hat vwhvi t ihe
capital iln act cl :l no' is le., th;clt lift'
ciasc ectlion foc rlh, the license s~ihll .e
three hincdrcld alnd ,V.evnly five I($37
See, c. lihe it further enacelcd, etc.,
That for every wholec i le mercantile
busines., whether as princ'i)al, agent or
ccintic stsir ., hv atWlltct, repre.lnticr tihe
foreign tl.ercharnts or cihlcerivisae, te lii
crlcse shall i hebased cc the gross annial
acliccuntl cf sales. as follows:
First class, W\Vhn the gross s;lesc are
ine milliccn five hnicdred tlhol.sald dlil
tar<t r r more, the Iiccse' shall he fccr
hittlr.cdl I$.a( ) dotlars.
Secondcl class. When lgros sales :ire
me million dollars or miore, and ulnder
'cne niHttinn five hundred thoutlsahd ddl.
Iare, the license shall he three hiidhed
l itoo) dollars.
Third class. Wheni gro-s s:tes are
'ighlt hmiclred thiousacd dill:rs or more,
'ind lnder one milliin dollars., the li
cense shall he twc hundred and fifty
(.1ao) dollars.
Fourth class, When gross 'alrs are six
hundred thnusand dollars or more, and
under eight hundred thousand dollars,
the licenses hall he two hundred ($200)
dollars.
Fifth class. When gross sales are
five hundred thousand dollars or more,
cmd under six hundred thousand dollars,
the license shall he one hundred and fifty
i($1r.) dollars
Sixth class. When gross sales are two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars or
more, and not more than five hundred
thousand dollars, the license shall he one
hundred ($sio) dollars
Seventh class. When gross sales are
two hundred and ifty thousand fifty thousandolars
or less, the license shall be fifty ($soI
dollars.
Provided. that ino erson or persons
shall be deemed wholesale dealers tin
less he or they sell by the oriinal or
unbroken package or barrel only; and
irovided further. thait no nerson or per
sous shall he deemed wholesale dealers
unless he .or they ell to dealers for re
sale. If they sli in less quantities than
origltal unbrokten- packages or barrels,
they shall be considered retail dealers,
and pay licenses as such. That for every
business selling at retail, whether as
orincipal, agent on commission or other
wise, the license shall be based on the
grost annual amount of sales, as fol
lows:
First class. When gross sales are two
hundred thousand dollars or more, the
license shall be one hun 'red and fifty
($ So) dollars.
, Second class. When gross sales are
one hundred and Afty, thousand dollars
or more, and under two hundred thous
anddolcars tle license shall be one hun
dr.. f$ oo) dollars.
Third class. Wrhen gross sales are
seventy-five thotsi,.d doll ts or more,
and tmder one hundred thousand dol
tart, the ticense shall be .seventy-five
( dollais.,
Sdcllass. When gross sales are
6fifty thsand dollars or more, and un
der seentyr-ft thousand dollars, the li
cense 'shall be fifty ($So) dollars.
fifth class. When ~roi sale~ are forty
thoSiand tdoSars or more, and- under
m fi! houan dsollae, the license shall
e. orty t($ o dollars.
1S- cl s. When apross sales- are
thiy thousander dollars or more and tin
der ity .thogusnd dollarts. the license
'ihall be thirty ($.) dollars.
Seenth eiras. When gross sales are
twent4 ve thousand dollars or more and
under thirty thousand dollars, the tii
case shall be twenty-five ($rg) dollars.
, Eghth aites. When gross sales are
twenty thousand dolars or more and tn
der twty -five thousand doltsr, thd li
sa tbe wentv ($o) dollars.
class. W.hen gross sales are
fktthossand dollatrs or more and un.
Mr fet , thun 'dollars, the license
dollars,
as WheWr gross isales are
les tah feen thoissnd dollars and
shA thin sa'nr . dollars, the Ii
nehm S hll be tlt (isa) dollaes.
Elevemb elass. Whffi"ktos sales are
mr4 UOsind dollars or less, the license
shal be 'ri $(5) dklars.
$r#de that if .y distilled,,vinci s,
or oter kid of i ded Is0uors be
l eio alt basiness of
rea - Rs r oce yer hose,
oncio:ery,.rlin less quantities than
... the i'ense for ch addi
_,sil b as herebaC ter
daJ.t, b no hienue shall missu
i° in led qnaantitkis it.an one
"I
: i t-il. tti i i t lit~~ II' ~ltt ! ii'gt 11/.1. 11
tc i ii 11,1 I ii i tt r ~III . I I1:1I. - itI, -'
1~ ~ ~~l t111rlt-i(1Yll.;l lli t'tIIllI II
It. 'iii . 1t-i iti tlli if. C liltltltl It V 812 111il fi
t-t';t li -1( 1( iii t'ltttIIIt I·I, -t.IItI1 1 iilit iii'
,I ·iii ttI1 a It --ll lit t it I tit'l 1:ti l. 1\: Il
ti ilc it liii t11 liii~` 1)( ' hit* (l? II :I. ItI
-··I( Ir~f t ll llk itV' I ii it i it- ii . 11I1 ti-.IiaI --'ii
I~ititt'ij~l rir rh'rglcfitItt'tgl/cd fir in titV1
- ti-It t-itih lit'l cfitrvc itttrIi~rcdityt thu licl
;trc IIVy thofintit-an uh~tiiitr- attn Iit'-.'. tIlli lt
ziiilir tlilh hc irnlel (,c, 1I
i hirll 0i:.5. -V hell saiil iroItinn , :ir,
I ,l tha:n thirty thl sand dollars, the li
ui'cn shaill b one hittnlo rd antd liftv
($l o) d,,llrs.
Svc. o, lie it further elacied, tc'.,
lIht:i each and every fire, Inarint' and
river intur)nce gtlarantee, surelyv ,r inl
dr lmnlliiy, comlyilp y0 society, ;1 ot(ilatylnll,
,corporaitiln ior other organiZtti.oln or
firm, cr iltdividutll doing and condlilct
ing tL fire, iarilc or river insurance,
gRirlntllc. " ' sitrey or indelnllity fshi~nre
of any kind in ltii city. or any other in
tlr;atlTc'l hliness not othr;vwi~c provided
for, \whethler 'such comlpany, society, ;a
,ci;titin, e':tlpori titon r other oiglllii
.;ttltin or tirlnt or itdividnal, is located
.)r donllicihd /ere or oftrating here
througllh a branch departmnnt, resident
hoal'd, oIrcal etfice, firm, comtipantv. c.r
porati.lt or agency of any kind wlxatso
ever, shall pay a separiate and distinct
licenlse on said llsitne.s for each conl
tnony rei,r eetited, and said licerse shall
be based on thu aross annual amount of
premiums on all risks located within
this city, and on all risks located else
where contracted for in the city, or from
offices in the city for which local license
is not paid 'elsewhere, as follows, to.
wit :
First class. When annual premiums
arc two thousand dollars or less, the li
,cense shall be forty ($ae) dollars.
Second class, When-ainnual preniunms
are over two thousand dollars and less
than three thousaitd'dollars, the license
shall be sixty-five-($65) dollars.
Third class. When annual premiums
are three thousand dollars and less than
four thousand dollar~ the license shall
be ninety (+fo) doll)as.
Fourth class. When-annual premiums
are four thousatid dollars and less than
six thousand dollars. tl e license shall ~e
one hundred and fifteen ($1 is) dollars.
Fifth elass; When annual premiumns
are six thousand dollars and not over
fifteen thousand dollars, .he license shall
e -ofte hundred and .fitn.-{$($o) dollars.
Sixth -la s. Wihei antlal prenlium.,
are over fifteen thousand dollars and
less thah 'twenty thousand dollars, the li
neese shall h~et lusitbdiý6ed and twenty
ftve ($kas1 dollvsirt
Seventh class. Whitn antitral premiums
are twenty ihoieand dellars and less
than thirty'th isaand dollars the license
shall be tie' ~itiddjisr d t seventy-fivre
($a 7) dollars.
Eighth class. WVatf i ttalt premiutms
are thirty thousasd;. dollars rand o rver,
the liccnse shall be tie huindred t($oo)
dollars,
Sec. so. -Be it farther.. enacted, etc.,
That ever'y o in tort iutlar coach or
herdic 4sitnesi , coalecting agencies or
agents for the .llection of 9sonies, ac
counts, noites, 'o and for every busi
neass of traiinpt .g money, merchan
dise or other arti~kes by express or
cransfcr, re opera>m ne or more tow
boats or ttsgboat or hkeening a ware
haotse or stioryag~ . or landing
where t oods andisn handise are re- r
ceived and : de v rei wth lic nses hall be (
based on the g;s_ . st* receipts of
said bushita& as r : (There shall
be six $laset% i meiss) :
Firsti: class. igegross annual r
receipts .ae .w . d 'thousand dol- t
l...s or., shall be one I
hundred and .. ) _dollars.
Seon° d lai ets .the ogros annual
receipts are. . ad fifty thous- 4
aiid dollare r msre :a a less than two c
hsndsred ithaolsndi the license 1
shall be one :it ) dollars.
Tird a t ross annual 5
larva = ore, ae rss thno-one laundred
iand lftfy dl the license
4 4 Ki.tE t r t ($ dollars. c
Fouttth iaass W;:lei h 0 oss annual p
eceip s are t.housand dol- i
lar! o:one hundred ti
tia ' %eew< :shall be t+
fth ` l gr eoss annual
tecapt fre * -oueysan itel- 'c
I s o5sewent'y-five Ce
.c s tha-l be i
Abous. 6
ii'. of ..'g.tr anLd ottlaOltt e:' cuiih ively
o..r it he, r f thr ,itr .l, tih liceillse hall he
I h i t t I'..ll i' thr' ' ttl ''tr , vi i:
ii1.i1 , n ,I I r , th ,e liol n -t" ;h tll lle Onl e
hhundl1t .tI 1iil iti ($1i , ) l,,llir4
I.t ulli r, i. r. hen fhit' t :tlrttil tli
i I , :t.t. (t h r t'i w,-llr t !l dollars oriti
111"I e. .1 bIii tl h ullt f, ri' ltholuis ntl l 1 (1
ht . lt h lit.", ha lll hr tine h lutdrel
n, 1l i i I, i . \iti i i!.tll
I I tI i lt 11 \ it i . I hrim ill l.;"1 1' ;l ii lt
i t 'r ll 'fit', ,l ' . Ie i t: rjit1 ll I'e I l tls lllib t
t . It tl iti rtttil liih I t hs~er ilpoitV thir
I'i.v t't l fuI rlh lir, t httlli fir ilarrying llth
1ie it "i h if rtefining uil ari ant ] lm o!
I ; , . . .. 111 t1ti l tI h I i I .e i iii al r ily
i t ,. tt " 'st.11 hI 'h'-itt' hl h It,f one lper
t, t l lii iht. h ri ., tic'it ot f l'itch h.Il.
I'11' 11,h ,l. h1111 lf r till bll ni re. of
tll lL ' l.ttul, ti r I. ti i tir. r.l ll intg ad y
i .ii, r ,t t: 1in l't,!I ti rct ' r ilroaid or
tricht. tele IIr t hp) llcl. r i t le it,11 1 x pril
io,- ni lly*h, otto l o if p r , ril he r hall,
['lin iU 1r , Irwing \ alei 11r., l r1itl'er o
ittn he i ttr n l gri s
i, if t i,. :I re' ti v.' ei l lir i e thf ei,,iitl ,1l,1
I;t'i. tt ill I' t,, i ft IhlM a nil ln.li , t cI li
, , har ll ,1 . I ,, o h, ,tut1red ($11x)0 i1ll
et d, ri, ,i.i \\ lrit nlith ail nltil re e it
1i.iw itro11;r1 olrt erai' thn ea gIte! thn ttsa
, stl d i',llu.: ih.lo iw hall h e lhifty
ilrI r 1. ,, \Vi ,.li i l th .e' a ll ; rf $i IM
,eiy- ail tte, : t0 ' leetl ltho nl i dollars or
lhI . Io , h t l 1, .r ,h1; l e1 i ftr .een ($ti)
ProItvid1d fl lth r, t lilr. t t'ac'h in d (o vv
r-' C oII I ftI;IhlI, ;I ai'o*nll t oll , em.lf l'r;l tilol ofr
itllh at it urting slth b inew of :1 deben
iltu're ilrlll ilo min iayI, tit loan anid
linv".'t.ll 1i cann, nii , whilhqr dinmi
Si1,, i , td r oilt!t of the State. bit author
utir. t,, d,, hli'°,inll w her, ill, shall he sub
ggl.)ow r iprt s lil. :1 follows, (it-wit:,
Ilil'( over t" f thousand dollarr. the Ii
ti"., ýh1., h! o! - hlntdi rted t$10r-i) dol
S -otli Clus. \Vhi'i the growi receipts
ri, it hll Ih i.oSild ,Ia'':trs acld less, the it
t'c-io shall Ibt! wenty,, five ($75) dollars,
ti-r. Be it further enacted, etc.,
Th)t t - arryitng r1, each business cif
. ast light, eler tric light, water works,
holt th lt chutes,, nlmiiature railroads,
S+:itw mill' emttplnyi,: tfin or more hands,
tel'hgraitlhting (inhludilng local antid dis
trict telegraph), telephoning, express
company, ,rattion compress or gminerv,
cotton pickerys, slaughter house, distil
lery and ,rectifying alcoholic 'or malt
liquors, brewing ale, beer, porter or
tllh,'r Il:lit liquors, mnamn facturing to
Itarct-, ctleg rs 1r ighl'tr'htCs, refining sil
tat' or !llawe., or tither of them, imlan
ifaclturiig clttnll seed ,il, nil cake or
clotton .wed e.t'al, thl' licetnse Shall he
based tin the gross anniulal receipts of
etachl persotr ,, n:-..ociatil.n of p rcr<€)ns bits
inews firm or corporation engaged in said
bhu.fines, as follows:
First class. When the said gross an
nual receipts are fifty thousand dollars
or more, the license shall he one. hundred
astd twenty-five ($tsa) dollar.,.
Second class. Vs hen said gross annual
receipt. are thirty-seven thousand five
hlonrFdr dollars or more, and less than
fifty !hoisatnd dollars, the license shall
be nistety-three doltars and .11 enty-five
cents ($91.75).
Third class, When the said gross an
nu:ol receipts are twenty-five thousand
dollars or more and less than thirty-sev
ern thoand five hundred dollars, the li
cerise shall he si'ty-two dollars and fifty
cents ($62,50).
Fourth class. When the said gross
annual receipts are over twenty thous
and dollars and less thin twenty-five
thousand dollars, the license shall he
fifty ($0o) dollars,
Fifth class. When the said gross an
nual receipts are over fifteen thousand
dollars and less than twenty thousand
dollars, the license shall he thirty-seven
dollars aind fifty Certs ($37.50).
Sixth class. When the said gross an
nual receipts are less than fifteen thous
and dollars. the license shall be twenty
($20) dollars.
'Sic. . i.e it farther enacted, etc..
That all associations, cornorations or
companies chartcred or created by the
laws of othoir states or foreign countries
who may engage in their own names or
in the name of their representatives or
acetnts in this city in the sale of coal
,,il. petroleum, naptha. benzine or other
mineral oils. whether crude or refined.
shall pay as annual license of five dol
lars f ,r each one thousand dollars of
such salek."
"Sec. 13. Be it further enacted, etc.,
That all associations, corporations or
companies. d,,miciled outside of this
State, who directly or through an agent
or representatives, deal in fresh meats,
or cured. salted or smoked meats, in this
city shall rav an annutal license of two
dollars for each one thousand dollars of
proceeds from all such business."
Sec. 14. Be it ftrther enl-:edvd. <tc,,
That the license herein provided for
shall be graded in two classes or so
many thereof as shall be hereinafter in
dicated as follows:
that for every business of keepinf:
a theatre, opera house, amphitheatre,
academy of music, !icense shall be based
on the quantity of space devoted to spec
tators, to be calculated by the number of
seats or ordinary space for seats, as fol
lows:
First class. When the number of seats
¥r spaces exceed five hundred, the ti
cense shll be one hundred ($4o9) do,
lacs(
Second class. Wheis the numnber` A
seats or spaces is or less than five hun
dred, the license shall be seventy-fise
($75) dollars.
Provided that no museum, menagerie,
circus or other traveling show shall be
permitted to make exhibitions within
the city. unless they have first paid a
license based on the number of attaches,
whether. proprietors, performers or oth
er employes, as follows:
First class. When the number- of said
bersonqis one hundred or more, the li
cense shall be five hundred ($5oo) ,dol
tars.
Second class. When thes num6er of
said persons is 3entCfive or more-and
less than one hulndred, the. license shall
be ;u t hundred ($meo) daolar.
Ak ift5:mmaS1i1
F. A. TUSTEN. H. M. WiIL.
TUSTEN & WElL.
Wholesale Fruits, Produce ad! SCee'.
Nut.;. (;dkc t ake (..ulio-k 6` i y and St-i 'Il. I (hee K., Ptn .
Fresh o,:,.teld P.;anntts (-on tanitly 'm lllu .
TE'LE I N I .1o' " I IXAS : ;Il:I
The Florsheim iros. Dry Ioods Co. Ld.
IXE 1 S ! \',I'' . i\ . ' T..\ S .\?J DR\AI:.),ERS h,
Dry Goods, Notions, Boots, Shoes
and Hats.
510, ,512 eulI 51.E Il.'I.c St ree.t. New u, k ( )l i'e 77 Franklin St'rele
S. B1. 1ICKSt I'residci t. YAI.E IIICKS, Vice President
W. . (I IASE, Seccrctary Treasurer.
DI REC(TORS.
YALE ITUCKS, S.. 1S. HICKS, F. II. (;)SMAN, W .F. CIIASE
T. I. SCOVELL, (;. II. STEVEINSON.
THE HICKS COMPANY
[Ll .lTEI ).]
WHOLESALE GROCERS
and COTTON FACTORS.
Office' and Warchous,. Corner Spring and Travis Streets, and Corner
Texas ;111 (trcl i.nelrc St r,'ets.
We want our merchant friends in the country to
know that our plant is brand new and up to now in
all respects, and all printing entrusted to us will be
turned out promptly and in the very latest style.
THE CAUCASIAN.
BOWERS' DRUGSTORE.
iue. to Aug. J. Ilogel.
Books, + Stationery, * Toilet + Articlesr
and Fancy Goods.
IManufeItutIrer'of l' iavoring Extrrnets, Pure Soda and .Miii.
eral W'nters. Agents for mitlh-l'remi.ar Typewritern.
Fresh Garden Seed.
Prescriptions cnrefully eolnmpundE, d with the best and freshest
d(rug. All favors alitppeeiatetd ndll orders given prompt
attention.
FRED W. BOWERS. Proprietor.
C. C. Hardman & Co.,
Wholesale and Retail Dealer in
LUMBER,. 'SHINGLES, SASH,
Doors, Blinds and General House
Fini.shing Goods.
Office and Salesrooms Corner Spring and Crockett.
ITumber Yard Corner Lake and McNeil stre,°ts
SI !REV LI'O RT. LA.
ELECTRIC LIGHT WIRING,
Complete Electric Light Plants Installed
Anywhere in the Country.
For Sale by the
ie Watson Electric (onstlrudion Supply C.
Everything pertaining to electricity.
Room 33, Cooper Building. Phone 242.
BLANK BOOKS,
We take pleasure in anntouncing t the putblic and our friends shat we
now have in operation on'e of the most complete I LANK BOOK
FACTORIES in the south, and solicit order, for Blank Rooks. Sr,ecal
ruling. Binding. etc. Our machinery is entir _'y new and up-toi now imi
every detail, and being in-the hand(s of thoroughly comletient workmen,
we feel safe in asserting that our Blank I ,ks are te e equal of forei',n
concerns, and superior to many.
We have the machiner" and propose to stake our reputation that we
can produce at home the article you have heretofore sent for abroad.
If you are in the market for a set of Books, ohone or write ut before
placing your order. Yours to serve,
ilviea-Harper Printing Co., Ltd.,
. S1*REVEPORT, LOUISIANA.
' I - 2t- Milam Street. I
Mir ^R ··;2-