CHICAGOS MONTE CARLO.
Gambllng Homme In Saburbo Guarded
by ktreat Danen.
[Special Correffli' lenee.]
CHICAGO, Dc. IS.-This versatile
metropolis is je't now irîneigoing
ita p»riKli:il ep.- .of reforn. and the
keepers of t)- div.s tliat iiinfrst ecr
taii parts of :!e t<iin art looking fr
cover. (f ouir tihe i.t k:nwvni are
not ldodzni g tl an vy rxt-it, sin r t-'1.y
know very wfll tliat thie \:\v of re
form will sii i I>h ide. Still. c iilni
tions ju t not ar, npliit[i l aind
int-restiing. anil no one knows exactly
whlat is pgoiiiz to happen next.
Si e. <t t'he in-i, nits n riirring Just
now woulil h- quit- .-ntertailling were
It not that tli.y t-:t no littie lisce -dit
on ('ii<;:t, . w ]i<ie h is really not worse
than any otltr lirge city. Soni lays
ago two w ll kno)'n crookts wre ar
rest-]I for liilw.;y ro<!lery. Ti'y vvere
fned $I(X rpij-- and were relt,1\-1l on
an app.)al after ftrnrislitug hiunds ario
paying a fee of $7 ileh. These two
gentlnren adptrei a beautifilly sinm
plW way of ruisini tlif- imntry with
whichli to pay tieir tines. Accordiing
to a well known d]tectivt', tIey went
out and he>l< up a strert c-ar. sci-nurlug
not only tlhir anmounts of thlie fin-s, hut
a coinfortable suirplus. According to
the same authority, this is by no rieans
an isolated case.
Like mnost of the other large eities.
Chicago bas an ordinance against pool
roonis and oithlir rnzlambling r.sorts. It
may ie well to xplain tihat a pool
room is not a placo where the luno
cent ganie of thei cue and halls is play
ed. but one where "pools," or bets, are
made on horse races. The Cook coun
ty poolroonis have had to lie very low
for some time, so one of the best
known operators has announced his
disgust at thie waty things are going
and has betaken bliniself and his gam
bling paraphlernalia neacross the line of
Cook county into Will county, just on
the south. Near Richton, which is
right on the county line, has been set
up a big, barnlike structure whichl is
the Mecca of Chicago gamblers and
which, its owner says, is to be the
Monte Carlo of America.
The building stands in a cornfleld
and is right on the tracks of the Illi
nols Central railroad, so that the sports
suffer little inconvenience in getting
where they can get rid of their money.
It stands on a hill which commands
a view of the aurrounding country.
This presumably is to detect the ap
proach of a shertif's posse or a lynch
Ing party, in case Will county dec'ldes
«mer CaBU) la war. (XWHT muaB
CAGO.
.that It doesa't want the gamblers who
have been driven out of the city. But
the promoters of the enterprise say
that they have no tear of such an nu
fortunate accident, snce no farmers
or residents of the adjolning districts
vM be alowed to enter and make
bets This gambllng Inatitutlon is for
the exclusive beneflt (?) of Cbicacgoas.
abe big poolroom is murrounded by a
stock4de, and entrance is galned
ÜhioMgb a well guarded gate. Tbhe een
ti~els know, probably througb long and
sharp experience, the face~ of many
0oics of the law, and all smpected
.peren.w telve the cold shoulder.
Amoug the auets of the gambler who
V~a the place are a number of Great
M~uue dogs, and after the departure
.f the gamblers for the city these
brmtes are turned loose. The gam
bling house is then more than ever
a good place to keep away from. The
dogs also act as a wholesome hint to
Iavestigators and curlo-Ity seekers.
A Chicago saloon keeper bas attract
*d much noteice by inviting ministers
to come to his place and hold services.
He Mays that the frequenters of his
resort will not go to the churches, and,
If the ministers are in earnest in their
work of reclamation, they shonld go
to the saloons and preach. According
to his open Invitation to the preachers,
be will guarantee respectful treatment
to them. If reform can be accom
plished. the chur h will have his af,
for he claims to be sincere in this
movement
While the Chicago ministers are unit
lag to fight the <1ves, Chicago's mayor
Ways that they are not as had as they
are painted. He dcclaros tihat the
worst resorts have been clenned out.
but his opponents claim that crime
is unquestionably on thc Increu.se.
IIE.NRY W. MILLEII.
Dr. Hale' Precept.
Zadklel, in his illustrious tstrologie
al almanac. names several dalys In
each month as days on which it is ad
Visable to "avoid superiors." Buit here
Omes the Rev. Edward Everett Hale
with some new rules of conduct one
f which is, "Talk every day with a
an whom you know to be your
operior." Probably It will be the het
*er part of wisdom to subscribe to Dr.
Wales precept. He is a notorlous opti
a~t, a man of nnumually confident to
asr-ows. and bis present advice is buot
5ether applicatlon ot his old rule,
Upk and not down."
SUN CURE OF VELDES.
AN AMERICAN TOURIST VISITS DR.
RIKLI'S FAMOUS SANITARIUM.
Loented In a Pieture<qie Village In
the Jultan Alps-Hlow llealth Is IIe
Stored hy Sunlight and F'resh Air,
Nature's Iteniedy.
r [ al ' rrespondence ]
!VEL 1FC. Austria. IDer. 7.- I sTippon1
you wonder \hlire ou eu rtih this fuuiiy
littio place is, and your iinxt thiouglit
is wlihat n etartl I am dioing hel . I n ill
alinswier your uistins l iy fi iif iiii
you tliat Veltdes is in the .iJuliin .Al's
and tliait I ai; takini the s!ii 4ur t
the celebrated I)r.Arn.ldl Iiki. No, I n111
not sick, lut I iinm very a.nxius to tione
up gpinerally lefore tlihe season of ihlls
and oprras b Yginq. Yoi ';y you l;ate
never lieard of Dr. Itikli anil bis re..
DR. ARNOLD RIKLI.
My dear, I will make you a confes
sion. Nelther had I before Mrs. Le
land told me. You know she and her
daughter disappear for a few weeks
every year, and they come back with
the bloom of roses In thein cheeks and
a generally rested air about them.
Well, this year I forced them to dl
vulge their secret, and here I am, a
temporary convert.
As regarda Dr. Rikli, he believes
that a return to nature is a sure cure
for almost every disease.
He belleves that the blood must
each day be made to fall below and
rise above the normal temperature,
because all uniform action provokes
and Induces stagnation and paralysis
of the natural functions. The skin
must act and react, and for this there
are three condltions necessary:
First.-Exposure to rayp of light .
Becond. - Tension and -elaxation,
these latter to be produced by cold
and heat (perspiratlon).
Third.-The absolute cleansing of the
skin by water.
Of course, the fresh air treatment
at this time of the year Is slightly mod
Ified. It conslats principally of sun
baths In glass roofed chambers, but
in the spring, summer and early au
tumn the system is in full swing, and.
thanks to Mrm. Leland, I can teil you
all about It. When the patient ar
rive., &he ais given a hut to live in.
This is open on one side and face@
the beautiful lake. sThere te a brown
holigad eurtala which she can draw
at will, but this is her only protee
tion ainM t the winds of heaven. In
spite of that, it is wonderful how few
ce~ds the patimnts have. One becomes
quickly aused to this surplus air, and
then when one goes back to city life
again eve-ything seems stuffy and nun
bearable. Well, to *return to the
regime.
At 8, or Woon after, in the mnrning
the colotny waken, and the inhabitanta
start off walking to the air bath.
The ladies' air bath in an inclosed
park, hlghly tenceI and guarded by
paling. and trees, about a mile and a
half from the air hut. Hlere, clad in
white musalln, they walk to and fro on
the grams or aanded path, barefooted,
bareheaded and bare shouldered. I
marveled at the fact that a tempera
ture of about 00 to 65 dcgrees was en
tirely agreeable to them, but Mrs. Le
nland assured me that never in her life
had shie feit zo well. It was almost as
good as being a goddess, phe said. At
7 o'clock a frugal breakfast of honey,
bread and milk is served. At 9 every
one dresses, and a conple of hours ase
devoted to writing letters or other oc
cupations. At 11 comes the sun bath.
You don't know how I enjoy this. Dr.
Rikll has put up a capital new large
bhathhousp. on the roof of which all lie
h Iden from ~ne another. the head shel
tered and the odluxly in the great, beau
tiful bhinze of the sun. You feel as if
all the ills of the flesh were being burn
ed and blessed out of you.
After 40 minutes of this excessive
bnking your bath wouiman, comnes n 1
rolls you in a blatket. You beconie in
apfkarance a helpless Egyptian unin1
my. but your skin pours forth persîirn
tlon. A quarter of an hour only you
remain tbus swatlied and helpless. and
then you descend to a deep tepi)l bathl.
where two lusty woluen so rub and
scrub ai.d shampoo for four ininutes
that you come out feeling as fine as
*flk.
The afternoon is devoted totrides,
drives and, above all. long walk.
through the beautiful pine woods. At
5:30 all the patients meet for the prin
cipal meal of the day. and at 7 the
greater number' are in bed and fast
asleep. Isn't that sort of life enough
to bring bealth to the most broken
dowa woman?
^-» .y BEATraCR CHAPMA&.
WHEREMUSICREIGNS
MAINE COAST BECOMING A RESORT
FOR MUSICIANS OF NOTE.
Fran Knreimil. the Vlolinlit. and I1in
Purchafe of Propert> In HIue HiU!.
1nVulf IFrieM a Mrenuber of the tol
ony.
[so,] at ia <orresp;oi'..!pnf ]
Br TT IIi i,. Mi\. !. D . 17 Thils l!t
tie ol< N»w IEniland villa.e is now
awakening frioni a long and l paceful
sleep. -'or maniiiy years nothing of
very riniti iii[portanci- lins eoeurred
Iere t li;t woili <n1 is ti1 puilsations
of tih tMw or tilt iinhatiiitits to beconme
oiiir niraphil. bit recint hlinij inei tenil
toward thie revival of niiuel interest
In 11e fliture t of ti tow i. li1e 1ill
hns for thei lit 1. years betn a popii
lair rsnrt dliritig the sIhmI)ter svasous
for niusicianus and peoiple ass(iated
Phioto by Scherve.e, Worcoster, Mass.
FRANZ KNEISEL.
with them. Of late this tendency has
beconc imore iuarketd. Many musl
cians promiinnt In their pnarticular lines
and whose nanmes are familiar through
out the whole United States have
found their way to this sequestered
nook, where quiet and repese appealed
to them on every side anid where the
outside world would not likely hutrude.
Franz Kuelsel, the well known vio
linist of the Knelsel Quartet and the
Boston Symphouy, who tirst visited
Blue HiI in the summer of 189l, has
just completed the purchase of a piece
of property enibracing upward of 40
acres at Parker's Point. on the out
skir of the village, and It is his In
tentfon to make his future summer
home here. Mr. Knelsel, at the time
of his original coming to Blue Hill,
rented the handsome cottage "La
Mascotte." overlooking the bay, and,
with his family, occupied it until fall.
A notable gathering of musical peo
ple at Blue HII resulted from Mr.
Knelsel's action. The other members
of the quartet-Karl Ondricek, the Bo
hemian vlolinist; Alwin Schroeder, the
cellist, and Louis Svecensli, the viola
player, together with Lotta Mills of
New York, pianist for the quartet
opent the summer months here In prep
aratlon for the winter .eason follow
Ing. Wilhelm Gericke, director of the
Boston Symphony orchestra, and H. E.
Krebblel. the critic and lecturer, were
guests of Mr. Knelsel for a short time.
The violinist's two pupils-Miss Bessie
BeU Collier of Cohasset, Masa., and
Miss Helen Farrell of Lawrence-came
to the Blue Hill Inn in order to contin
ue their studylng.
Mr. Knelsel's purchase is situated
along the coach road leading from Par
ker's Point to Brookline and Sedgwick.
The land adjoins the home of Wult
Fries, the venerable old cellist, who,
with Professor HilI, Instructor of mu
sic at Wellesley college, was the found
er of the Blue Hill musical colony.
A rare treat Is afforded the people of
Blue Hill when Wulf Fries plays at the
services in the Congregatlonalilst
church. The gray haed German,
whose magie bowing hasThnrmuied thou
aands of people, occuples a seat every
Sunday morning in the old fashioned
choir loft at the rear of the church,
and, despite his fourscore years, he
brings forth from his sonorous Instru
ment tones of surpasging beauty and
firmniness. A good story relative to
Wulf Fries' custom of playing in the
church is told by the menibers of the
congregation. During the suimmer of
199 a young man from New York city,
who assfmed to be au fait on matters
of musical erudi'ion, attended the Con
giegationni service in company with a
Blue IIllWriend. In the middle of the
opening hyvinn the knowing youiig (o
thamnite turned to his companion, say
ing: ";ooMness! Listen to that miser
able violin bnaek there in the gallery.
I wonder wlihat Maine fariner it is
that's fidliing!"
"Oli, thliat's only Wulf Fries playing
the cell,." was the response. "Itut,
then, don't blamne him: Hei's doing the
best ho eau."
It was a noticanble fact that througlih
out thlie reniaiiinder f the woulil he crit
Iets stayv iii -ie 1111 lij s well of mIusic
al lore was scliloin drawn froin.
The ftiiure of this piart-iiular soction
of thlie Pl'iie Tref' State can ie rendlily
>resoen. \More thian ever hifore will
luie Hilli becine tie olijeetive point of
thoep of usi-oil naeeoipliihien>t. As
.I;tail-Moîunt. in \Vrstiiorimi l c<on!ity.
EI;fLnI;I]|, Ixi.i e. W : it i n iso ti;(
of W :ils\ r li. <î tt. S ;;tl]'y. I.r 'i.
Coleriîlgc a111 IDe Q<iîeCry. the shrine
of tihe Enlis li i terary worl. so iloulit
less in y ;is to 'v will Blue Ii Hill he
conshii"ipe1 hy iiusic lovers in .America.
i'ranz Kneisel anId his three assoi
ates in ithe- quartet are amion the niost
populiar mnxii now in thie publii i;'. and
their' appjearain-e in the various Citieg
throughout the country is greeted ly
rcaet outpourings of the devotees of
.inusic. FREDERICK R. TOOMB8.
Dr. Humphreys'
Speciflcs care by acting directly upon
the diseae-, without exciting disorder in
any other part of the systeni.
0o. CPRES. RICES.
I-Fe»er., ('ongetlons, Inflarnrnatlous. .25
2-Worms. Worm Fevor, Worm Colle .-25
3-Teethling.Coli.cCrylung.Wakefiulnesa .2.1
4-Diarrhea. of Clildren or Adulta. .25
7-<ouughs, <olds, I'r(nchiltls .l.
h-Neuralcin. Toothacle. Faeeache .25
9-lIleadoche. S;ck Hcada-'., Vertigo .25
10-)yspepqin. Indigestion,Weakstonmach..tt
l l-suppremmed or Painrul Perio, . .25
1 2-Whlhte. Too -ofusc Perixds .125
13;-<'roup. LaryngiNi, Hoarseriess ..... .25
1 -Inalt Rheum. Erysipelas, Eruptions .125
1 5-Rlieunationt. Rheunatie Palus . . -2
S16-Malarla, Chills, Fever and A4uc . t.25
19 -Cntorrh. Influenza. Cold ia the He ad .25
20-Whooping.Congh ...............25
27-Kidney Dieanss ........... .....25
2-Ntervous Debility . .............1.00
30-Urinary Weaknens, Wetting lkBd .25
77-Grip. Hay Fever . 25
Dr. Humphreys' Manual of all Diseases at your
Druggist or Malled Free.
SolUby druggists. or sent on reeelpt of prire.
Humphreyis' Md. Co, Cor. WUiiani & Juhn Su
WeA Vork.
G BOETZ,
Family
Croceries
327 TEXAS S1I EEt.
('Ccie aLd ixaminiiii mny new cleaj
grocery atcck. Evpr)thing at tet
,onable prices. Dou't forget thG -lac.
lules Dre) f.ss, David F. Taber
mFUSS &' 1ABER.
Fire Insurance Agents.
222 Milatn Street.
Respectfully selicits a share
of your business
av1 Cooper aimon (-Oupt
COOPER BROS.,
WISSOURI LIVERY 3ALE
AND FEED STABLES
&Asd StocK Lot~
Corner.of Loaiuîana;Bad Texas Streets
Shreveport. La. Telephome 57.
BHBKIFF'd BALB.
No. 5981-In the First Diqtrict Court,
addo Parish, Louisiana-D Blueste'n vs.
tflls Anderaon,
By virtue of a writ of fi fa to me directed
y the Honorable First Judicial District
.ourt in the above entitled and numberod
uit, I have seizod and will sell at public
uction for cash with the bencit ot ap
>ralsement at Fire Point plantation in
Wa rd Ote, during the legal hours for aale',
in
BAT U DAY, DECEMBER 29, U40,
he. following deeoribea personal property
*ixed as the property ol delendant, vis:
kboot eoiht bal t of eotton baled and in
eed, abont three toe eottoa sed, 182
mubels corn more or les, one mule, 8 head
i bogs and some uspleks <ott-e, to be
ld to satioly smid writ steroa t a(< o*etf
8. J. WABD,
SherilCaddo Paribh. L uitiaas.
Cauaesias, December i1, i8Q.
The
Job
Office
of The
Caucasian
Can and will turn
out your work to
your satisfaction,
and do so at the
lowest living fig
ure. Call at
Soady Euilding,
Cor. Market and
Crockett Streets
For Sale.
t1X FIVE ACRE LOTS, k'IVE TIN
ACRIC LOTS, IN FAIRFIELD AD
D TION.
E. .1 inducementa to home tbeekers.
A. M. BIGBROULK,
CLIMPSES 2
SOUTH AFRICA
IN PEACE AND IN VAR
The Splendors of Paris and the
Glories of Her Exposition.
War in South Africa.-Uncle Tom's Cabin.
Offered with The Caucasian, Sunday or VWecekly, four 2
)payabl)le in advance.
TO IE PUBLIC:
You are hereby notified that I bil
keep open
Night and Day
Except Sunday, and will deliver
Paints, Oils, Varnish. Wall Papr.
Etc., at any time. I have determ
ined to keep in the lead and don't
you forget it. Ring Phonie 88.
Ame._WELLMAN
C. C. HARDMAN,
WhIolesale and R tail
Lumber, Shingles, Sash,
Doors, Blinds and General House
Finishing Goods.
FFICE and SALESROOMS, cor. Spring;and Crockett.
LUMBER YARD, cor.;Lake and McNeil Ste. «hrevoport. La.
Great Clearance S ai
......A T .....
THE TEXAS STORE.1
Tho entire stock of Dry Goons, inot bing, Rhoes aud Hats, Ladies and
gent& Furnishimnn (ioods, Trnnk,s Valises, etc..is now belug sold out at
prices to *uit everybody.
Special Bargainsu in Fiue Millinery, Cape@ aud Ready Made Skirts and
Waista.
Call at onceand you will @'e hnw 'ar vnn eau make your m>neygo.
REMUMRFR THE PLACE
711 Texa eTret. SBEVPRT LA.
si1 Texas Ls7rect.8REPOT .
Low Rates
TO THE
Old States
(via the Cotton Belt).
Tickets to the Old States will be sold over the
Cotton Belt, December 20th, 21st and 22d, 1900.
Return limit, 30 days.
TNJ l Aak your nearest Cotton Belt Agent for any infor
mation you desire for your trip He will teil you the
B exact cost of a ticket from your place. what train to
take to make the best time and connectious and aid
R OLIE you in any other way he can.
E. W. LaBAUME, A. 5. DODGE,
Uen'lPaa'r and Ticket Agent. UieneralTral.tT Mnei. ,
8T. LOUIS, MO 1. LULio, MO.
1900 Seasoni 1901
AIRTIGHT HFATERS FOR W09D AND COAL.
Ofice, Bed-Room and Parlor Heaters.
Novis tli_ tiin t> sOl Ct viil t' î 1 ;t, >k i- c n
plete. Cook Stoves an l' Wi , thiL- Ch tpij>- t; 'l
Sthe I}est D t)i't f.)irkt t1 ti are thl l. .l'in
SHouse furnishini pe]l i), r t1 h people.
1^. Alax*tcel &t Noin,
11 Texas St. P1ho1 S.z
1O DATE IN WORK AND APPLIANCES
Sreveport Plumbifn & ElectricoilA
LIMITED
Are supp)liledl wi\\ ti le-t in;r< e>l pplies for
Bath Roonms, Lwcatory. C1oets ant a all i] k connected
with pluibhin^y. Special attentiotn 'i-ven to Repairing
Gas and Steam Fitting. - All wor}k uiarantccd. lPrices
reasonable.
Office on Milamn, near Spring Street.