FIVE MINUTE Tl LK.
Federation Meeting at Natoh'
'tohbes,
Hospitality to Visitori-Notes
and Personals.
The Iret sanual a .utt'g or the P.,lr
stlon of Women's UII a, held at N .tab
toebet, November MSs ad 81, wse a gra4tly
olg sum"ee.
The cordlal bespitllt ete.nd.-i to dl
eghtee a&d other lie ' a ide the ir.r
eovenleei., 0ooel. 'd by loolernet
weather, a seesadary m ,ter.
That blhih was of ,,rlmary importance
"hey had, a geasrous werlcrm, and full
attaedsaee oe delegates and oil s nm.
The day seslone or bhe meeting were
heW In the Comu el ati room, a speclous
and prntUIy fInuished hbll, noted lotr the
eloquent debkMe ed aother Ilteraty exer
ewlee held tere, sad or its always "'o,ea
does"to stragers.
''he light siloes, at whlob the pl eel
detl. our own Mrs. J. M Poster, dellvurr.l
her atnual address, was held at the opera
hoSes, lMr. Foster's tiper was an atie
sodhosllh.Jul review o the woman ques
aies, and Was reoived with de.;, attention
a and eppreeotoo. The line ol seuheot
uSleesed was not speu'* lve and villon
: ' e butembraced the live, praetieal q ,*e,.
soof the day, sueh . V1illage imi,i,)vs
Ilet ,Itvil goveramenlt, women on school
Loearde, the press womas etc.
Abott 0ift delegates W so in attendance,
lepreset.Iag liseen lut,.
A handsome receptloe w L glV n Thure
day sVeSltg, by the Is lie o the L Iesobe
flub, who were most graoious boeqtesee
ea the happy ooeresis.
Mriday moransn was ep .at tI visiting the
arl Bhool, wblebhich, with tie baliding.,
sad breed lawns that al pe down almoet
to the shore ot the pretty lake., osupine
the atiro hill. The m Jel sl.hool. the
S~~lIdlt to the btilsttvs, le oearing
'tlUefnpU, i 1 I a oommodlous two
ster beas saod wall be used entire y for
the prlmary grsdes
It was ltesrestlg and lespliril to vlit
the kl rooms at the Nor.as. Pram t e
beeellrtl Kldqrgsrtes rooms to the
-asbs l Depr tmas. ewsythi, toI per.
bet'- ergaalsed and mess to me o on
-ied wbeele.
Lmaehiee at the 1rmasl was a sharmLel
eepitaity eateded by Pro: Caldwell, a*d
wis me of the meet dellghtfu' ooourreuoee
-f w tore dye' NMI.
Myft delegates std their Mreinde
wr etsetatled at sees, as I served wilh
4 de.l-slenu past, temptle ly arrasged
M Dease, the prseldlag ogesal of the
t4hMal d r tmoest, std stb lI.ee of the
i.-emal lsalty. Misses Morris, Pit ler,
s-adt Mr. ileVOy, were m set
." l, their seeepti a it esersala.
ntel the seets.
the 1Mt mettag of the Wet ,rated ClaIb
SI the stab woes. of L kleles,
it mil madesetb y be ps**epasp @1
paio Sad ngstblg *e . A
toew sae this set mets.g to
M baggi g ad asethee
isee bee id the wNat m etti at I
* htt .e* a Obe r a*. I
0~b
d AdL ClbA Los.
u.. K i mis ari Ir M1Sr ii 01
11Afll ' wM$sI WWII sivomd;
,.d A SA"Nsu
IM p10bm ouo10uMnlot seecga
m'sYw k aslo ',"s.
iM uauqmlL 5wss aIf tmi
lmal.sl one / Weed a ale
bIY'1Wm, sow slavic; e
bst mdas nices.il
'Sl3~M-jOS Ws ars ies meola
'iii s SIMI M ckJ ,I
Kithm e a..  is to I
s$iq t 4a.i bp It
ýt wM hind.. Il·
~at kmbrn ml wr QII
Ks paduw"g pitt OI a' I
~5apI~*sirene p,
i ae
M~s Mt, N *slIN q.
r wll ht L uttrw i
.p Ibaruo i
*m. Artm aar a ,mbai
k .u hn,. h
-w s. am
ýlewdiw her, pubmu3 m
Asirur iUw isty #
+ý. uw lw YS a
Isle
heri~ U01 *WS9
'Iodmbe ilebpeaug *
;Isa Sewr sas me~i
ha .1.'*
The toye and dolls are I aid way. al1 the
bit ploture bools with r browlqos and
Iairies, at wbehich ber wrder wide eves
opened with delight, are c!oeod and put
away-for little Ilouise has gone.
: tb. Ihe sadness and the sorriw that Aill
all hearts w',en the baby of the bouwe 1i
takeon
our deepest atmpathy Is ex'ended to
the bereaved parent,. Mr. and Mrs. Burreil
Jobhnson to hits hour of distree.
see
Notes
Mrs M H Williams was nt'armlbgly en
tertained durtig the federatoon, at the
boepitahle home on Mrs Edward Pihilllps.
Mrs Ilamlltos and Mrs Foster enjoyed
Mrs Bcarborongh's hospitality, san Miso
Kate Jones was the aueot of Miess Obspio.
Hlypatla'se )eoemhr business meeting
I was hold 'taturday atteraoom, at the home
of Mrs Haml toa.
Uadlo I"rialh resacter' Assenlatlon held
I an Interestin meeoting at the Usetrail glb
Lchool sat'rday, at a p m.
Athletics
The senlorc sad jullors of the High
Nhrool are enjoying basket ball to the
siternoon.
The bove hiave twO wall orgaslsed foot
ball tes, that have match games l the
alternoon.
ee
Mates oi or 1Off
Aooording to tals esti iotl or the ay,. I
Is not rrqtislte that a man bshil remove
bhi bat in the presence of a wonan In a
publil thirougbfar' or conveyanoe, ~ess
the Noriolk Landmark. *Nobody thinks of
a man's going bareheaded in a streoet o tr
or a railroad ear or a cab hboctse he s into
tbio oompany of women. Te elevstor of
a businese bUlldieg or of a hotel Is erta In.
ly a public thoroughlroe. .Crgo, in olr
opinion, uourteey toward ,he fair sex does
sot reqaire a man to remave his hat in
Cither place because there happens to be a
woman present.
Having said, howlver, that oourteey dote 1
not require toe removal of a ma'es bha
uJoer the eIroumetsoase retiated, we do
sot Mesa to the disparage ln toe eligh test
degree the ohivalrou latest of the man I
who does remove his head everag. It J
you are unoomfortable with t oa, get It of I
at aoe. thee tanln are largely mattero
of eomfort. In Mew York meoo eip their
bhate a with a pereloteee that I esm es
what shookiag to the eouthereer.
If the mas Is Gotham has any doubt
about whether he ebould have hi bat Is
his haed or es ali head, yeo will mot Bad It
I bhie hand. e0 takes as emah rope a the
law will give him. O the eootrary. It has
sot vooe very tlog el e it wao the proper
tala Is UaaIeetoe, I. U., for a gealoea a
So BA wd w th ale head usovered dtrlo g
all the M1i he was Meoaert.la with a lady,
eyes 11 to met her lao te srse als4 there
may be, lwr al we now, hastraed rf
sewly Se th U mnrdlataas whooberve that
pretty but uahygstel. eee o tlo this ver
day. Vlrgtala, tt wll b obeerved, toMbeu)t
hal way orsetweea O tIesee uo Mow
York.I
Mr W. L mesasrmas ee retird ithe
sier a pleasat vWie to reladvee Is Mer.
sa.I.t Mrs. medewese was seeeserps
by herei. its. leweUl lwe1.
Mies Masy Arel, Wlh bee beeo the
eest of the tesm a4Uesq, has nrem.are
Mrs, A. w. Uhs et tM"e N sa ts
el se a veit o Mrs. 1. M. Foestos ued
Mr. and Mae. P. s ialbe veearae4
Memi tres a vist M New oteOsse.
ih. J. .. a eideer, .wvo has bee
asmpeea sevea wleek wis ker sirsm,
Mn. ea w ~ Dermas sleae, has eno
laed beMes.
Rev. us . .JSee .paster ef as Pee
bruteeuroe, Is at Le &eoi d eius
Ste Y m ý lNa t Ostl. r
ra. J. A. Oti abd lt m vi t.
$g Is ,esr.j
'he Misse 0a3ise st Saltss, Als., at
he e harilg gume M4ae. Me a.r
mre seesl qmgqs v ManM p srse
Tueeta d isr the iy.
Ms M Asts retupmed hem yesterd .y
e.lang asa a si...ass via at ir.e
Mrsihe tlwrt. se ne twe
MmN Twhe ies Breas asa Ihel ons as i
alperx o MO eKi te. saom teo W o.,
Uoew, Ms wa horherewi, Qa sede a
tlMi ll Nes tas. 1Mea SeMll taed i
. It Arlss
ae IM Uresen.r' "ua *i a ns. ' svi a
wOre. o-Mmhm Ito Ms rpmel e (Jam
seared fiem a visit to ses o eb a
e MrV SMsmeard -e- , we s, wsu eII
htae Ld as *1ei Ieatte P a a
atias lkri r humsett Hbead h o
sarºns e(sala bals tae Short o ;W ,a
a.n mr r unsale, hsld, wrs la sset u
oWf 95tpsr, ware she vipeUC tle 0
U u resse. ..Mis. ate Sw Lbea or a
arnuepe, whe seded tLe . bteoY mi
UI le .ses Iem ie heureas res wt is
ap tS Dete el As ,k ras w a
bImIS Up fse mLlle di . II
IrY #m sV d ebre m lef eiI
Ms L rasper sto hesas murds Wt
Us As mrw s tee p** he tme a
f YaMM am, bis a l Mos w, ,
.arsajeia let ae 4, who tio aei t_
Ith Mamas. Day $oseem s Metwed is 1C'
oar be
ea TaUe d eyes us Misse er ead
peems eaM esetrume sa amen
ely It OUle, Ala., s SMAN. A
allattl evestag was Wsret a" N 19 a be
s apper et vn llowg tau V
sal as "stev t.h s a ne w M I
shalgpt Aeseerast, essaa
atr~~uw ~~md u
New Thinlgs.
For the Holidays
IDuring the last few cdavs
we have receive(d many new
goods.
Some very tressy pattcrns
in nes.v :12.5() and $15 suits,
several Nobly Styles ,t"
)vercoatis. e retti.st
assortmlent of Ties we evter
had. 1?ancv Smoking Jack
ets, ()flice Coats, Cuff and
Collar, Boxes, Dressing Rolls,
Some New Effects in Facyv
Half liose. Handkerchiefs
and Suspenders Galore. And
many other things suitalelc
for Christmas l)resents.
Popular Prices
Benson's,
421 Texan Street
Mlce Coll ie,. Miss saillle Steers and hMr,
and Mrs. W. P. Currie.
On Thursday, at o:I0 a m, Miss Jqn ,,e
MoWarlln a d Mr D I Porter were married
by Rev Mr 'rbomponm of Dlis.e, at tbe
reridenoq of Ibt bride's moth ir~oo Spral '
street. Mr and Mrs Porter left soon afr r
the ecremony, going to K unsle City. (In
their return tbay will reside In tale olty,
where Mr orter Porter been enaled I bus
Ieeas and has host. of friends. The bride I
sl a ehartmle yeast lady aid is held in
hllgh atlem by all who know her. We
join tIeir wtll Wlllere Is bearty lellolta.
tiome.
lr
5. *TML
1, NEW
SW*OMAN
g LIZA
r ARGRMD
SSNNER
h Yesterday evening I was walking
1 along Broad*ay, New York. Three
Sytoun women came toward me. They
were strongly built young things, every
aes. A gang of hoodlums passed me,
youths of 14 to 16. Instead of turning
out to the right for the girls quo of the
fe tUows butted hib head in among them.
r shoved them apart and swaggred
rudely between two of them, grinning
and laughing like an ape as be did so.
1 Then the other hoodlums grinned and
4 laughed like apes at the exploit. The
girls merely looked helpless and unpro
Stected and scared and hurried on. Any
Soe of them could have given the
saambling, andersnsed tough a slap In
Sthe fae that would have made him see
stars aad made his unclean cheeks tin.
a gle half an hour, beside teaching him I
i .4blessed lesson in manners: Moreover,f
I. two of the girl together could have
,tamreed the tough soundly. But not
They morely did the tiresome old un
i protected fhmale act of the dime novel,
r and the unwbhpped cub passed on to
repeat h!s performance with added seal
and conldence. Storles teem of Insults
to womea, of attacks oa them, of aw
tual murders of thoes who still play the
helpless female role. In view of these
horrors It would be a rare good thing it
t parents would employ Fitselmnmons to
give their daughters lessons In boxing
and wrestling and the womanly art of
ti at duease. Men sses no looner able i
to protect women, Fitsuimmons is a
prisebghter. but be never lnsulted or
Swronged a womas. When women as
sume that they can take care of them
selves, they will be able to do so.
There is more strength ton the spirit
than In the Mlae. I
Pudding rnuce made of cream, yolks
0f eggs, nugnr. utter and orange, both
Juice and grated peel. is one of the an.
Inerous orange posslbilities, while or
sage sauce for game Is one of tboe best t
of sauces. For thie latter the orange
9pee that is uted is first boiled till ten
deS, then msied with the ice of two
omaes. These are added to a heated e
mixture of white sauce easoned with
eyeltye pepeer and llt and prepared
onstard. Last of all add a little red
wine and currant Jelly.
Ilashle arod oPasteles t
Uncutt velvt is a beautiful material c
for hats and suits of mournln. o
The wide spreadinag black velvet bow o
ta the hair, a mnodled Alsatian, is be- o
eomlng to many faces, t
in the hat line nothing is smarter ci
than the law crown and broad brim. tr
Everything is I~tsed on that shanpe.
Among Parisian fancies are the new la
boleros with the coattail ends. at
All sort of blsarre ornaments and c
belts are used on the new things, and l
nulte the latest model. have skirts Ill
trimmed on either side aust below the TI
belt, with soutahe. or little velvetst, to bi
math the he trlmml 4 the corage.
Figured veleteese ad Persian pat.
trmed poseo ake attrctlve waists.
harmonies of eler sow find favor to s
l-s aehem.s so
Ijn
arrow silk elstie belts are as us of
ti aq they un pretty. od
Black hats eatie the height of el d
ýa~aº ly
THE WINTER STYLES.
De rk Mnd hIlte' In t'onshin MtlonI
. -' o I I .1 t rer tr,, r )
Ne w Y1 i:e,. . ii,', 1 : '1. ' eill know by
thiv tilt th lint I1 In rot theo horse phew
hiilt l il tIt r f,4l lh ' ll hIler d i, 'r'le d il .p .
auIt folt of nil th11 things offeredl fr
stal' it 1 i1 1 nell litle' stli'r, only
co( nmrntlvely flw arl+ oh -osel n 1-4 flhe
iprliopr iI. l fcar wvrlter. Alll the' nu
thortllt.' hlieve de,'htlicd hlint Ilnr'k nnd
whilte' inet n c' inntiln e tll oi he 1e' hleet
-_lland m ost irab e of , it II Th irt In nl
.enlNIdy ullltlen mllarke.d mol v rl n tll1lli yt gnr
ni-1t1 If ..Ich p' nl rn l 'rllnll1 t of linek
antil whllt' iais em'PSl 111oi1N t tlittable' fur
the Wllhe'lil lildl of n hnterinl ir the spe
eInl rnrllnent, Slti ef ti lie, 'llC' liendl rs
of whit i hel, n )ll inllt InsMtehftl in
womeni's ntlitre i M'-rs. IllTe r'II Tiniler,
nod olh wore i 111'1rms llnnle of white
taffeth ind IHnok Inc,,. 'The gown Itself
wan of Ithe er'.p Milk. In1t lthe linek lacd
waxs pt oll in sepirnrte i1thrlns and
follotwed out n d.,lgn. Arm.inil the hot
toltl of Ilhlsl drs' s thler- w.,re o1 l!nl :
thanM e elx l . i'i r fl tles l of whilte chiffon,
nnul this wnM nlllllbe'l with l ei ' rRaete
ple'''r s of tI lip llnik hInce. '."IIei T 'cornllngo
.a- l Illce it lou e, with n 'lorss le
twho ln I i olrii e 11n11 a Jlnek1 .t lin 11't in
ilert i, li'h . Viii h thi n she l' ill We r u'
Lin Irge ililiiIi. felt hbut with two iine imi.
tril'hh llpi, l le lls. n th114' were Inthl ilent
tlilt li11-1 he f1lir, 4,, of ni rt ,tll silver 'mte
liM rsh, IH rII. I nnIII I i I)I' II ori r e n II . t
of b I.nlk shtip"l l ho'nmsae,1 'le oven.r gli
to'ile whitl, Ifietn1, l. lna l iint1 nI-very
strlllpe oer', unr rw of steell l nll Jet
glllslh'. T'I.e clTffet wes exlrellmnly,
finel. .Aollthelr In-ly W lore a dre, of
white Chinn crape, nu| thin was1 ni
mstt n ,' covered with stl rindl hilnrk
gtlilpulrle Inc'. The rich Ilci wnas ult
lilnell 've\'lryr ere withl l flp strel, nil
lthe wnltt wn a colll hinnClln of tlihe
sa.me thlngs. Afrs. WilliAm A. iDuer
wore a IIl'MMss which wsn one mn111 of
black anul sllver Mnlnl~hnt. All this anl
more waIis seen' i In hinek nod white, ndl
this ,ins, et the Mtnli upon the tetntllve
offers of bilnk lani white comblnntions
offerteid qulte I little time ago; but. as
I meld, no one apparently dnred to take
the style serlously until ifter the great
function should have nMet the seal of
tuhion upon It. In Loudon there are
*UAT carIA caAt OowN wTI tu.L
the raet, where hil "ryal 'Ilgbo"ae
goes, and it Is there that the most ot
the fashions are set In that country.,
and in Paris It is at the Vernaleage
and also at the races of the Urandl
Priz. each in its sason, that the fasb
lonS are set, but we wait for the hosse
show, and now the agony Is over and'
we know that all kinds of arrange.
ments of white and black In mllinery.
and In garments from wraps to tea
gowns are the style.
Aside from the combination of blacks
and white I notice much delicate gray,
partlcularly In crepe de chine and nl
the soft wools and crepona. In the'
matter of bats an0d toques and espotes
there is muchb urquolse used as trim.'
wing. Panne, velvet and tulle are alli
seen and seen often, for turquoise Is a
color very effective, especlally for even
ong wear. There was much crepe de
chbine worn, and this was always in
very delicate shades, but not pastel. I
have seen no pastels this season, buti
there are mastic, mauve, white, steel
gray, old rose and some few shades of
pale tan. There were two or three
gowns of cloth in the new shades call
ed mousse de chanmpagne And cham
pagne without the froth.
Among the new colors adopted by
common conseut by the ladles at the
show I noticed swallow blue. which has
something of the dark gloss seen upon
the wings of those birds. Prunella
cloth and some of the silks and some
of the poplins are produced In this col
or and with good effect. Two shades
of light brown are exceptionally pret
ty, and am they are almost neutral they
can be worn with anything and can be
trimmed In any way. They are called c
mold and pent, and they can be found h
a the rough, woolly textures and make sI
styllsh gowns. Pove Is another new' e,
olor. and there are several novelties sl
n brocades of poplin, where there Is ai
ilght color and a ground of black. we
rhbee are not expected to be very dura- bi
Ile. but they are pretty and showy tl
while they last. pl
Many entirely new designs nl camel's ih
malr sultings in colors and black are vl
een, some of them being figured, and pi
owe of them are plaided. the plaid be
og formed only by the rough surface
t the long hairs, in black this Is un- ra
n!tably rich and durable and cot cost- st
p. These goods require but little trim- as
tor.s OsLav MAr.ms, pt
THE ROMANCE OF HOLLY.
The l;oosn %IIll andl (4in4 I herr of
pILeitl Iiftr nied '"nrll Ilrrr,.
T . 'I.r' In 11:114 1 11' 11 o e 11 1 411 .41 l l'
.t ll il . 11 4 h 1 I I 4 1I lll n tl l int l l :1, 1V :I '
I L(i ln il l i It 1 o, ' 111li1 ,l i| 1h 1l 11 1 1i 1111 l11li
41l I4 1111. 11' 11li . 111 ' 111111 i 1114i 11 t it fi
l li'u ' f lJ4 P1 Ii , h in' 14 f 1114) 44 , 14','li''h 1.t
hI' l hllt IIIl, i i ntl i .i) 'r l In, elnll til -y
nIll ' ti' ll dh c' I'1111141 I'l it 11 14 . I4 . tilt..4
wl1 ,11in11, I1'" 11 il r'rI, I'l1ll'44 , y 5ight,44
rli .l, h11, in n lr . .441 n 1111n l ,1 · tol l I',
l 'T Is l .ll ' h )1114, 1 14)l64 h6 n «1111 1 ,1il. R 4llri4 -
5'1'4r hli, n.' ,g in' l n of Ilts 11 .. 11,, 114 th,
h4ni4 t in tit g l.i, 4:4hl'.y '.l i'riit.'d glr ithl
ii Ililt lIl th le of r r i ltol n lhn , ft'r nil
nl1li| li'vt rrnIl It4 f l l 4 1 11' . 1n4L' 1 11 o )t ll
t[lil's 111n1i1 fnlr ' Ih, 1 1411, l46'elio y in r'tl
f r.l'mll tinns f ' whi.,h Ihlk p.olr linr fu"r -
cl.. Int ilnrilh l llr thine .4.
Iht hl n m pin e 4to. 1 iil t ' l olly n w%%; t1
41111, other wytml .olialil p1innltl , ornnly'
blos .. i'le, I.nyrllt,. Iyprs,, nisti,
too. tlhnt It Il powe-r ito nIW klnl k n som
riltihnlt to rn{lpl i. lip rlotlllnnll .
Tim,, w vn'ring thue, two to|gtlthr, has
gi'v1-, Itn the, rls ltonne of holly in unlny
i strnfel'lc ,1,1 4hllu ,lratitlonl, nol through
th a' ni rlllifs thel noth oif j, y, of goodl
ib,'k, , lt',.r. sr..l I II Thl'll, r llnlr, of
will n1ll 1ira c'henplmr l'virtmen of h.spl
inlity 11row1" .ln tihe, hIlsh, with splkd
''lhe, rilS ln,,,e of h.lly i ' ,,ry ,oll.
i'liiwy th'lls Iin how nI ho ct11:h of holly
phllllt l tlf, ar it .n <tw llinl hmlnl, ke lps oilt
lightning or inset lint walhr mnkets 't
I THE HOLLY MOUOIH.
hecome iee or thrown at any beast
causes tt to seturn to the spot where it
In required to be, and It was a common
custom among the Itomans to send hol
Ily wreathe to weddings as tokens of
oongratulations. always because of this
s me assoelation of good luck with the
romance of holly.
The old agricultural feast of Saturn
was kept with decortione of beolly
amoat other evergreens perhape to
counteract with its cbeerful hues the
Influence of the melanchboly god. Hol
ly was chief among poe boughs that
our Teutonie ancestors used to make a
tower In their buts where the wood
land sprites might shelter when their
sylvan haunts were bare of leaves.
This probably gave it a sacred distluc
tion for them. And though indige.ous
some of our ancestors extended Its
I groves by planting It as a cbharm
Sagainst evil spirits.
Later, In Christian times, a tradition
grew up In northern Burope that the
holly had composed the crown of
. thorns. In Dtnmark and Germanr It
still bears the name of "Ohrist's thorn."
The world is growing old. It betgns
to tire of simple ways a4 childish
Spleasures and plain virtues, but while
we live we lov, and so lgoo as the so.
elal customs of Christmas lead as to
give more generously to the poor, to
show more bearty sympathy to our
neighbor and more tenderness to those
we love-these aie the woodland
sprites sheltered in the bolly boughb-so
long will the romanee of holly be wel
come and dear. and those who carp and
cavil at Christmas may go 'erye In the
Ivy with the owlet."
A Pretty Chitetmas T .leo.
A useful little gift Is a "watch polish.
er." which may be used for polishlaing
watches or qober jewelry. Take two
clrcular pieces of chamois leather
about '% Inches in diameter and scal
lop the edges, maknlog the scallop a lit.
tie more than an Inch wide and half as
deep. With the aid of compaerse this
is easily done. Then take the upper
piece and at the base of each scallop
fllil
CRAMOIs WA tcN POLIsRKX
cit two small sllts a little more than
half an loch apart. lianting them
slightly toward the center. Any bright
colored ribbon may be worked In and
should Ib a triflo wider than the slits,
as the puffed effect of the ribbon is
very pretty, The one here used is of
bright red satin one-half Inch wide. At f
the top draw the ribbon through both ai
pieces and flnlsh with a bow. It may ft
he prettily decorated with a delicate
vine or spray of flowers or an appro m
priate quotation. di
The newest olive dish is In gold deco
rated green Bohemlan ilass, footed and pM
standing clear from the cloth at least re
so Inch and a half. Lay serve a double
purpose for bonbons. th
FASCINATING GAFIMF NT; FL AUNT
LUXURIOU' AND COTLv CO (;IlAI(MS.
Thae 5Is'r Itemsf thar slitul I n.hnluinu.
I'flntlurp - 11 % rotnp o .h.tlitl Mlp
leEaulP of * nrit.vl si. o. Iron.s ,. Vn
brald ry E and .h'{e .I' l 5 u Insps.
ETll e tE' Etl r l it ' 1ni 111li 1,11,y '1 ' I '11E lY q
ar lIrEn' ill E 't veryt ' hiltlop lit n t 'in. iib it
1,4 ,l' l ilaE rI tl trnsuitll tl' it ie t I lh ;it t I lit
1l*l1i. IIt lN ti ll v%% I 'llr ' I''1 4 I ' t ies 11' vl nll
of nIll i gnat llll tlll ll i h it it l t1.l1, :I i the'
1flihl ll. 111n fnr it ile th c'limlagw III IiLod"e
fuhua n' }NIi.Iuul1 l oe
44k
OLritO IN BHOADTATT..
are Concerned. The one feature of
fashion In furs which In at all Inantng
In these days Is the fur Itself, which re
mains In favor for many yeors. You
are obliged to change the form of Its
from year to year or count yourself
quite out of style, hut you can at least
derive somne satisfaction from the fact
that the animal Itself bas not gone out
of fashion.
Russlan sable and sliver fox head the
t list because of their beauty, rarity and
t conseqjuent high price, but ulldson hay,
Ssabie, sealakln. mlnk and baby lamb
are quite as popular.
Black and white furs are special fad
v vorites, the latter in fox made into a
Smuff and boa being particularly atyllsh
for young women. The variety In fur
I garments is greater than ever. Snd the
specially interesting feature, ashlde fromt
the shape, l aIn the varied combina.
Stions of fur. The most unuuual of al)
is a log sealakin cnt wHb double
i revers, one of black and one of whbt)S
I baby lamb. White cartcal forms 1'
"pouched vest Mbd collar on another gar
P ment, a verf short Jacket ending at the
waint lIet,, 2k
lac kbaby lamb I. perhaps the meal
I populat fur for coats that there Ii, and
this ao doubt is due In great measure
I to the tact that It is lssea clunsy and,
more easily fitted to the figure than
S-any other fur,,but the price, which is
i higher than ever, has something to do
with It, for to be expenalve is often a
desirable attribute from a woman's
point of view. Broadtlil Is made uapj
I variety of stylis, of course, but 0ý'
of the pretty novelties I a shbort bolero
coat which its the SIupr rather close '
ly and curves up in the back to show
one of the wide empire belts of panne
velvet ln either white or black. GolM
braid and oriental embroidery are both
used nl the finish. In fact, the fur le
treated exactly as if It were cloth.
The art of talloring in furs has reach.
ed a high state of perfection among
first class furriers, and whatever your
fur may be your coat clings to your
figure as It It were cloth and with quite,
as shapely lines. So says the New,
lrAL JACKERT WITH CARAC'AL V.e , 7'Q.
York Bun. In which occur these Items
and Illustrations of new faihlons in
fur,.
Erxmine In very nmuch nmed for trim
ming. hut It io not n twoniilng for for
day weanr and1 I)gluren mostly on eveu
lug wrap.
Chinchilla. very expensive and moast
perlslable. In high favor for eollars,
revers, hatr. muffs and trimlings.
Artistic. Jeweled buttou ar e.gued 0o
the fur coats.