TIFE PIAN-llilEI('AN.
A GLANCE AT THE GREAT ENTER
PRISE AND ITS PURPOSES.
Tr . Ictpr ii*. f inr etriI n t1'i teltr y
I rretopm I enri'l- it % rra n;:eel i. 4 n n 111(
.,f ! 1,.,nrwn,..edI It.iluuiti anti, I > 1pt."n
lor at Pan- truerle::n I:K;.44 til.
11' tint Ina1 itl_"f ht tilt 11r1'W'lp t of
f:I'. It . \' \. I rh, 1:s 1. p :to nil
4-:: -- . .n! ti t hen w m ri l lti-n
I1:4 if t li--t ii h itnsI ein au nt iie
I t1 1 h2nalit of this- I l li. f 1 :Int '
" ::,.:. 1 u:t n t t b:ttn infrint l i t -
jutt ent i-i I il li-s :4 n ta 11f thi
uiii'u -it ItT f i I \1: 111 1 f' It if tI 11t 1 i1"
,1 o it-th ;:r'eltl 11'io n hver Ir l eedt'1
I t orfl. p;;' I <I tf alli~ Ixp antio Thve
-1"I ete .. r1 a wfill s n, pru ohnhly 1 1. 1 0. t
IfI 1 IINI"1) t'\r IISi~t' of t'Xllibtls.
TIhe' blanI: i t:1 uponIl wh1ifch the bunili
! igs standlt ifi-1tselm s it:1 1'1r of wi' tf I..1'
most h ut It: 1!full Itarks ill I111 1,i14 or, In
~N
I-.I
A N LXI4131TIOV
H ALL OF MUSIC.
fact, in thie world. The Exposition
will thus have the setting of trees,
lawns and water features, which have
cost the city of Buffalo millions of dol
Jars. The main Exposition buildings
'swle me 20 or nmore inhnumber andl are
arranged about a system of beautiful
courts some 33 acres in extent. The
arrangement Is such as to permit the
most exquisite decorative effects that
tha best trained artists of the world
may be able to produce.
Space will permit only an enumera
tion of the principal buildings. These
are: The Electric Tower. 375 feet
high, which is to be the centerpiece of
the most brilliant and novel electric 11"
'laminntion ever coteelved: the P' py
la, or architectural screen, at the
northern end of the grounds: the Sta
.Iumn, for sporting and athletic events;
the Agriculture building. Manufactures
and Liberal Arts building. Ethnology
bulnding, the Government group of
three great buildings, the Midway res
taurant hoilding. E'etricty huild!ing.
theMflhiatneryatld Tre-np "wlition bull
ings and Railroad Stntlon the Temple
of Music. Graphcl Arts. Horticulture,
Mines, 'orestry. Dairy. Ordnance,
Bervice and other buildings, the Al
bright Gallery of Art, costing $400,000;
the New York state buiallding. costing
Stl 00. 'besides the state and foreign
bullags and onumerous other struo
tnes of beautitful and interesting de
asgn for a variety of purposes.
f 'Irho Midway at the Pan-American
Exposltton alone will cost more than
some large exposition. It Ia estimat
ad the cost of the Midway will be about
I0WO,000, as it will have more than a
mnae of frontage closely built with the
aost picturesque structures coneliva
tie and will contain between 30 and 40
.otertalnm -ot feItures of most novel
and Interesting character.
sWu interesting enaracter.
The purposes of the Exposition are
not merely to give the peddle a most
masgnlficent and attractive entertain
ment. but It will furnish the opportu
nity for every one to inform himself
upon the progress of the nineteenth
century. The Expositlon is held for
the purpose of celebrating the achieve
wnents of the western world during a
century of unparalleled progress. It Is
distinctly a western world affair, all
the governments of the western hemi
sphere having been invited to partici
pate in all departments. Omfcial re
aposses have been made by every im
portant gvcernment, state and depend
ency of the western world, and they
are preparing to be represented by
most creditable exhibits.
The exhibits are classified In the fol
lowing divisions: Electricity and elec
trical appliances: fine arts, painting.
sculpture and decoration; graphic arts,
typography, lithography, steel and cop
per plate printing, photo mechanical
processes, drawing, engraving and
bookblinding: liberal arts, education,
engineering, public. works, construc
tive architecture, music and drama,
sanitation and hygiene; ethnology.
arehateology. progress of labor and
invention. isolated and collective ex
hibits; agriculture, agricultural imple
tuents: machinery and appliances,
foods and their accessories, horticul
ture, viticulture, agriculture, forestry
and forest products, fish, fisheries,
Ash products and apparatus for obsh
ing: mines and metallurgy, machinery,
manufactures. transportation. rail
ways, vesselsa vehicles. ordnance. ex
hibits from the Haiwallan Islands,
Porto Itico, Guam, Tutuila and the
Philippine Islands.
The Eaposition hars the indorsement
not onuy of the state of New York.
,rhich appropriated l30fl.tN), but of the
maalaoal goveransent shich appropriat
44 44 I i' --~ 4 ;- I-4
ell !7 00. (t0 for ti ", 1,.i `se of hcit'
r,"1244 I u 4 n 1 1 1 i ila t
c." .I n 1 :., 1. .l Iii.. v.zi .11 44
44: 4441 :4 4 I. :.:: . for4
(1.4-4 "I' (.t ; a :.:a.4 .4ii' t i " of 1 Ii l l' ,i2
1. 124'4 N4t 4i411 1 1 142 n_ :lad old
1I4 : i l 444, 4 fill' r 44 t1C I I II.'tit 1 4. sl i .
:4 id Saltrv :rt ici.. 1 '4 41 Ii.iia :l
410 .\ glit i i nc c 1 .p: vull Un'..
"PAN-AM." RESTA.URANTS.
oThe B'eIt: of trhie Will B e 1 Pro
of fl. (14 4I.i1f ili' 1icr 44 I1," 41 ill'I(
(1: : 4 an4 44 li44c4 ent sl:i4e14' s tal' oll4 . li: 4t4
tlwI, arthticl senlle of ::ll who n i lni
a '4d to present4 tI c h ii lt the nIl iins of4
1n 1 4m4 of 11nt:4r44.i.i\n 54 exhibitors a
trite pic tuIre of nin et.l nth tilcrl nt y (Ie
1 velo44l4ut. John G. Millurn iIn to: d -
nit aIn w er of Ifl' alo. is Iipn, sib nt,
aTlno l l t: firc-to1r n r4 l is 4 1 illin ti4
1. I tuiHil:llan who t4ns director of the
4t4ari4 nelnt , of a::ri' 1i4tur'.i li4e .t4o4 c
:4444 444an 414'lrc f~i-4 Iii' 444 t'4l4' jar
and for estr' at the uI' orhld'. Iu111- :n
E~lto"i:iont :t ( hi( "a o and aft, rttl l
for six pe0ars 1I nital Statles mlinlistter t1)
te 4Are ttine g i -epu' :lii 1.
ARtndiu1R : l' i si t:lii-rNN TT.i
"PAN-AM." RESTAURANTS.
The newt of Qer ve e Will Ile Pro.
Si d ed.
44,414' 4 44i'(':-45rv~s foi 4i4tii rio444g44i44t
r4Th e needs of the inner loan will h
w14c4'4'4440441 wsi1I bes 444'r4c41e (44 1
«el'i atte dled to at the Pas e .merieatn
I:n 1ar41 4tilon to 1e 44 4it4 cl:n n fro a
hroghe 42:44 restr iI'a44t5Inm laere Itles
Ther e wil be~ oter~ln plaches wlere 24
els 41 1t \. 1. c 1eap . .\t "14 food e ippie
tins cean rant h istae be hl rcsh ramts
ht not Iprol restauran fil' g er ii:a1,s
n here satisfuet lnts leelsouat he nh
trinl a t r dwsonaale ,ri ter In tl
folnd lasbined Ing t tht bentae of goth
tadium or not'es Iinrd theEle trc ex
or. iwIcht owl be faoeilitos in sgra ar.
tiellrs have teer inestnthute to the
ground s, he anoth rostunanth it dwf
th et parts of Muic rowhuic miy the en
.\ofi by Isitosition, so that it will
not he arelestey for visitors to go out
side of the hraouds to seenre a gwool
annl. rell serveda n t a Mnodernte price
.\ll tas-tes will he suited ill thl( serlvice's
rentalered for there will he places
where maious will he served on nt.
eilaborate plan to suit the eost fasr
tidious taste anl where prices will he
in proportion to those clharged al
high class restaurants in large cities.
There will be other places where the
meals wHI be cheap. but the food appe.
tizing and healthful and the surround
ings clean. There will be restaurants
to the beautiful building at the en
trance to the Midway, another in a
similai building at the entrance to the
Stadium, another in the Electric Tow
er. which will be one of the great con
tors of lnterest on the Exposition
grounds, and another on the Midway
Refreshments will also he served in
the Temple of Music, which may be en
joyed by visitors at the same time that
they are listening to the concerts in
progress In the auditorium. There will
also be a New England kitchen, a Ger
man restaurant, a Mlexican restaurant,
an Italian restaurant and other places
where various kinds of refresbmentt
will be served.
EAGLES AT THE EXPOSITION. s
Remarkable Decoration For Ethnol t
egy Blalndlags at Bufalo. f
The building devoted to the Depnrt I
ments of Ethnology and Archaeology at a
the Pan-American Expoasitlon. which h
Is now approaching completion, will I
have some remarkable sculptural dec a
orations. Among them will be gigantic I
figures of eagles and lions, which will I
be placed upon eight of the 16 panels t
C
I
sBEhVICZ BUILDING. a
of the domes. These sculptures In s
staff will be conspicuous featured of a
the architecture of this beautiful build
ing. Models in clay are first made of t
the figures. and from them reproduc- a
tions in staff are cast It
The model of the eagle has just been I
completed. It is of colossal size. Is I
the model mearly 10,000 pounds of clay 1
have been used, and each bird, when
cast In staff, wilt 'eigh fully two tons. 1
The sculpture: Igle will measure 1
early 16 feet in height. I
Essayre on Pma-Amerlcan.
A movement to lnterest the public 1
school teachers and public school pupils (
In the Pan-American Exposition to be c
held at Buffalo next summer has been -
started. It originated in some of the
public schools of Pennsylvania and is I
being taken up elsewbhre as the wis- I
dom of the plan becomes apparent. The I
idea is to have the teachers in the Ipubl
lic schools write essays for vnrtous oc
casions of an educational character on I
the objects and alms of the Expositlon I
and the bearing that such a display 1
will have on the comlmerce of the I
world. A similar plan regarding the 1
Paris Exposition was found quite suc- 1
cessful and resulted in the attendance I
of a large corps of teichers at that fair. I
The plan contemplates also essays by I
pupils. It is believed that in this way I
much information can be spread re
gardlug the benefits to be derived from I
cultivating closer relations with the
different countries of this bhemispbere
and that it would result in greater in
telligence anlong the public school
teachers and pupil on this subject, as
well as a larger attendance almong this
class of the population at the.Exposi
tion.
West Indi.an Will Attend.
iLois H. Ayme. United States Consul
to (tuadeloepe. says that in t!," West
Indles the Pan-American Exposition isc
considered much more intiprtalit thila
the Centennial Exposition of 187B and
that hundreds of natives are preparing
to come to it.
SEEK N.YTitiNAL All).
NATIONAL I;RIGATION CON IRE5
ANU ITS PURPOSES.
[n lt'" %nnt 5wns. 11 lint1 Iit. l n .'t; i'le
l.itsul-%sist Itn n :te of Ita in. i %t rL
II~o e I. e.o t. rns.:e nt-'".ren:t Ites
ert" It 'Isisin . Sflitie Patt.
(IIIe n t 1,". .\ 1 t il. , 11 1:' r " ' no
Ii r 44 14 ii i i il : I i nt . el t, 1:11 ;
NIn t a tI t, l1i r ti i s tl l r-ii : t II ii
aI )l + 4 ail. 1 :l1 In1 Iii it t 1i:1 44I.:t 44t4 It
C - -4
sK
n51I1. IInF:i AND hIIl Ar TileI i'tSONt
FNPKRI5IKNT 52IATI(I'1
tunlitli', t a t li iw 4:0 14I. el X44 1 1 4tn l1
t '1rcl Ilti tt sit. ti on of t il si a 1 itd n
Nu1-It , iict;lt r, stilnl 1.e N in, it I.4 :tI
hoa im li-lbti :ru4t1 it is the clmustse irf 1- 4 o r
nits ititn . Iric tt io r 111 i-il Ins 4i1
cictrcisI notliijiri is' lack log tts nlhilkI It
1'Iitjss' IitteiesI'sl is i rrtgnsItll-~- aiss they
her ne.l tI ' tlhi o td s e li I it ii ni to din
tog tll'( waysV andt l'IIs';
A\libollgt, Ilit' strltJltt tif ii g':51 hut lst
attractell iotii ted `tttsio nll n lw oty
Loan~t~rr .. !are miles ..I t.nwoup ed
NItl o(KTaISR AND iEHE III AT iiT IR 105 It nis
EXPERIMEiNT STATION
be rritory olrtutsile of AIask' t and cuitt
thIs Iiit ciii lan dloe not lI Is in in~sny lo
cailties Its is tack of netit~tll I'i',i'i- Is a
suilcy oe tuirhe latn r. Is Most hof thisure
of I Ile soil stsosa Pill Isr'.iit of it S i''ts~i5
tn.has been rI jeited by settlers because ofI
its ariity. but so faor as theoit sl ink con
orne noatunl iserR. lacking to make itm
*phv of' th tienfr ('50vIs. Issws'vecr, stucb
tlm t ths' 'stnsl ilet loio or RiimtiIstat reser
vofrs tful ut :1 plentiful sultIy o w'ast iter
Those luterest'd lit irrigation-- and they
are many who have been gathered
here heliieve that Ihis can be supplied
uandt have kd iderd their direc tos diuad
lng the vays and means
Although thi' sulltjett of iir'ggatioo lr s
attracted some attention in a few of
the eastern States, fihe laud where it io
needed lies chiefly in the west It muns!
be utnperstood that the trouble with
this arid land does not 11e in many to
entities in n lark of rainfall Terte is it
suffidlency of the latter, but the nature
of the soil does not pt'r'.tit of its reten
tion. From thifs and other causes the
arid region Is almost without lakes or
other natural reservoirs. The topogra
'ph'y of the country is. however, such
that the construction of artiliiial reser
moire would 1st comparatively easy if
undertaken under proper direction and
annervision
In many lnstances the arli land of I
the west Ihas bee r.e rclaimed nland m:odel 1
fertile by irrigatick' securedl by private
Individuals and c(rporaiions. The di- -
advantage to the n*l:on at large of al
lowing thii imnportaul work to be dlone 1
by privatle parties is that they thereby
scu-re control of the water Isu)PIY. I
They then forever afterward hold the
key to the situation,. and, looking only
to their Immediate beneit, the work Is
not dlone as well as it carried out by
the government on a comprehensive.
well balanced plan. Private irrigation
is apt to become a monopoly and the
water rates excessive. Unless the work
of Irrigation is dlone by the govern
ment. local. state or national, it is more
apt to be a hindrance than a benefit to
a locality. For this reason, those inter
ested in irrigation are seeking the aid
of the national government.
Both of the great Iparties itn their na
tional platformis are comlniltted to the
support of mneasures looking to the ex
tension of irrigation by the govern
ment. The department of agriculture
has already done much work In the
way of preliminary surveys of reser
voir sites and forest preservatiotn. It
is hardly necessary to exllai:i that the
preservation of forests exercises a cor
respondingly benelicial effect on the
water supply of a region.
The arid region of the United States
lies in Arizona, southern (California.
('olorado., Ildaho, Montana, New Me xi
co. UItah, WyomIing andl the portions
of Oregon and Washington lying ea:st
of the ('ascade range. It is much
smialler than fornIerly, for there have
been thousalnds of Iattempts, moiore or
less successful, at Irriaition and the
sinking of artesian Wells.
Thle motto of tihe irrigattoi congress
Is. "Save the foristS and store the
floods." The c(irc-l:ir which was sent
throughout ithe country read: The
magic touch of waiesr will work this
transfornimation. The conservation of
the water supplies miIust therefore be
first accomplishedl. The forests. which
are nature's storag$ reservoirs, must
be preservedl. and thie waters thait now
go to waste in destrulctive floods must
b le stored in great reservoirs and saved
for beneticial use. The national gov
ernmenit is tieu only agency tlirough
Swhich this (ani ben(e( iiouplisla(l."
'rThe programme of the congress,
l though am itions, u ids fair to be fully
( carried out. The work is clearly one of
( necessity and n ill am ply- repay the
- government for the time and labor to
be expTended on it. Thle (reant Aineri
can desert, tihat Iugliear of early trav
elers. is alre:'y' to a tare'' extlent a
1 matter of tifcnoury. andi if t he plans of
t the congress are (arried' out it will i
ome entirely so. The successful ex
1 pedritients in tIrrigati on wh hlie '-arefully
I done by private Ilarties assure success
f by the government.
ItEazRY W. MILLER.
After Doctore Fail
Baton Rouge, La., Feb. 12. 1900.
I was a sufferer for seventeen years. I had three family doctors in consultation and they decided that my
health would remain bad until I had a child. They continued to treat me for four years with no success except to
get our money. There were two more years with a great expenditure of money with no satisfactory results and we
abandoned all hope. Finally our cousin, Jane Jones, of Woodville, Miss., paid us a visit and finding my health very
bad, introduced Wine of Cardul and Thedford's Black-Draught and we decided to give them a trial. My husband then
wrote for a copy of Home Treatment of Female Diseases. After studying its contents. I found all my complaints
outlined, word for word, and sent for a bottle of Wine of Cardui and a package of Thedford's Black-Draught. After
the use of the first I found relief. I re-ordered untV ' had used eleven bottles and found my health very
much improved. To our surprise a baby soon appearee. ,h is just as fat as a pig. Such a thing had not hap.
pened in seventeen years. I would urge all ladies in poor health to use your medicines. They are more than you
claim they are. I have not had any use for a doto, sine using the first bottle of your wonderful medicine My
health is all right in every way. Mrs. L F. GERMANY.
WINE OFCARDUI i
Thinr of her suffering the agonies of female complaints for seventeen years and the suffering all
unnecessary. Mrs. Germany could have been cured years ago just as well as now had she only taken
Wine of Cardui. She need not have had those harrowing pains and grinding aches. her experience
should induce every sufferer who reads this paper to give Wine of Cardui a trial. Instead of wasting
time and money with doctors when no benefit is being received from them, get a bottle of this great
rrmedicine from your druggist. Wine of Cardui will annihilate those monthly pains which make your
life a torture and will bring you a permanent cure. Don't decide you cannot be well even when
doctors have failed. Try Wine of Cardui. All druggists sell $1.00 battles.
In caves requiring spctial direction.s, address,. giving symptoms, "rThe .Ladie'
Advisory D1 nartment. T he Chattanooga Medicno Ce., Chattnnooga. Tenn.
A JUEGMENTI'.
No. 6 (7-Flrst Dist, et 4 our', I'e'ish of
p ' i . '.i'. t of L." isiin i- Mlr.. \Vii A'
Ta ki etrn vu. A I.T -kn r
his f 'a t- h.% rn' b" it kLii tip 9rd ri d
itat r i-.' j m tl i, Snad v r-earn o t:e
Jw eatl ht iVideI t'e fterni in fAV - of t:.e
ptl P' till .t 1 aiit At slt, tefeti nt, it it
Ihereit' a ord te d. a ttii(L t iA Bor (le':re' d
1. 1 pl it I t, Mr'. Vi ia T' krgtk g '',
h to arid iecov r iilueiiiint Yatitu the
it.'enttant. A. H. I kingtlilon. ol the [A I
uai F ur I nlired '.n 1 Twent)-tlv'
Irellara with legal Ifite. st t I ou judic tA
d mand
It is iu ther decru d tlat Iplanttit have
jtde:mrn' of iepalrAlin of I 'C niy from
del ndatlnt, andl that the it cmminunity of
<iquitet anid ga'. a here' lf ie exias o be
to en themt be di solved, ano that she he
rd is hr ret y su' orized to xmintetsr oar
own , airs s epaiate and apart from her
husbaind as thouuh she were a lemme
rtle.
It Is fInrtter dtcreed that dtfendant pay
all costs of this case. Done, 'cad and sigr
si In ooen court on this, the 17th day of
Novetmber,1itO. A. D. LAND,
Judge t<i the First District Court.
A true c py.
F. A. LkONABD, Cl, rt.
rlovember 21.
NU I IE OF ABTRAY.
Ta' en up by James Thomas on the
Stringlelo 4 place otar "le tz re", one
sorrel pony hors', abcut or 10 yvears old;
has dark mane, with white spot in ford
head and one on nose or Io. No other
marks or branas
The owoer will rome forward, prove
p'eperty, pay charg's and tike the anim ti
or the same wili be sold aocrrd'ng to
estray Iaw on
FIIDAY, DECKEMBIC 21, 190)
U. D. HIC (S,
Judge City Court. Shreveport, La.
The Cnooaesis. Nov. 21
REWARD
Stolen from my residence to West
Phrevepert, on th slght of Novemh.r 24d.
loo00 one t'rown bore.. *< .' I ; hands
bhigh, sever years old. Left bind foot waite
'o anoole, rlgt hind and left iront foot ban
srme whltI on lhrm. little whit in for.
head. Mane Darts In middle. Horse in
flop eon titlin.
Also t - seas of l"ng'e barnoess. I wIll
g ve twenty-fve d'llhar for delivery of
borse to me, or p'stted where I ".n get
Iim. MRJ ROsA PEiZIB.
New Schedule
Via
rEXS
ELPA50 ROUTE
PACIFIC
Gives you benefit
3 Trains Daily
To
FT WCRTH and DALLAS
And All
Texas Points
Incotnmparablle Cannon Ball
service to California and
the West. Speed and cow
fort combined.
E. P. TURNER,
G. P.&T.A ,
I) allas. Texas
8U COE8 10N BALE
No 6802-Succeseton of Frank Chambers
-First District Court of Luuitiana.
be virtue of an older ssiued from the
IniLorable First District Court in above
uccePsion and to me directed, I will bell
t public auction to the highest bidder at
he courthotuse door, Shrevel ort, La , on
1A7I tIhDAY, DECEd BEIL 1, it 0,
between the legal beura for sale the foilow.
nog described propert tLelonging to said
succession, to-wit : The northeast qua;.
ter of the r j. thws quarter of section 21,
ownsbip 17 north, ranwe 16 werst, with
buildings and Improvements thereon, in
abe parish of Caldo, tate of Loufalana.
T rms- Cash, cur ject to appruisement,
IP. A LE NARD,
Clerk and ez*.Oolo Administrator.
December 2, 19t0.
The
Job
Office
Of The
Caucasian
Can.and will turn
out your work to
your satisfaction,
and do so at the
lowest living fig
ure. Call at
b ady Building,
ICor. Market and
Crockett Streets
LAND NCGIOBu
Notice I hereby given that I rm apply
lag to enter thbu soubthest quarter of orth.
weat quarter, and socab bhal of northeast
quarter, anu tortheat stqu.rtr of aorthadt
quarter, sectiona , towa blhp 's a rtl,
range 14 west, LeuLsetna meridian, undes
se ction of aet 64 of the Ge-eial Aseem
b y of the btate of Louisiana of 1at.
WILLIAM J LITILL
November 9, 190e.
BIDB INVITED.
Bids are hereby invited for buldig a
brildsc oI wood sbuut840 ee long atL Hart'
terry lanlog, on Jan es bayou, in Ware
Two; alt) a brtd:e over Blok bayou,
about 100 feet lor - on ro .d from Rodessa
to whe a said road Lrotsee Black bayou at
Williams' sbingle mill. Blds to be opened
at next session of the jury Deoenabet 18,
19.0, the 3ry reserving right to reject any
or all bids.
WM. 1 INTER,
Aotlng President.
A. L. DURINOFR. Clerk.
November 11, 19410.
EUcCEBASION NYTIOU
No. 6216-First District Court, Parish of
Cando, )tate of Louisiana-Suecesion of
isulina Packett.
Notice is hereby given that John T
ls'.kttd, executor, has this day iled his
inan account in said successIon, and unless
opposition be made thereto within the
time specffed by law the same will be
t.uly homologated as prayed for.
Witnese .le Honorable A. D). Land.
Ju'ge of said Court, tlis, the 9th day o;
,%cvember, 1'00.
F. A. LEONARD, Clerk.
November 11, 1900.
BBRIP'FS BALB
No 6597-In First District Court, State ol
I ouislana, Parlish of Caddo-Vernout
Marble Works vs. Mrs, A. M. Phelps it al
By virtue of a writ of I fa to me istued
in the above entitled and numbered stilt t
the Honorable Fet Judlecial District Cau t
of:Loulasnse, Parish of Cadcdo, 1 bave seized
ard will sell for cash without the benefit of
* praislment at the print ,pal front door o
he courthouse ton bbreveyoi , La., during
the legal hours for sales on
BATURDAY, D)ECEMBER K, 1900,
the following desribed real estate belong
it g to the defendants, to wit: Lots 18, is,
15 and 16 of block 4 ol the city of bbheve
I ort, La., together with all the buildings
bud tInprovements thereon, to be sold to
estisly said writ and all costs.
3. J. WARD,
Sheriff Caddo Parish, La.
Caucasian, Nov. 7, 1900.
CURED witt
Dtopsy rgetable reut
o.es. Havy
cured many thousaud cases called hope
lees. In ten days at least two-thibrd,
of all symptomsa removed. Testlmonial,
and ten days treatmeoet free. Dr H B
Green's ons., Box K. Atlanta. Ga.
1.' OJI \I EI l l'1.L
National Bank.
S I1 E 7R 7 ORT L.A,
CAPITAL $100 00C
SURPLUS "I"d1 1d 71 000.
OFFICICKt,
PETT. YOUREI * ................PresideF
SII. YOU RE ............ Vice-Prelut
3.. . WAl SON................Caaer
A. T. KAHlN............Assistant Cashier
Accounts and collections respect
llfuy solicited.
UI'IY &iARbHAL'8 BALB
No 364-Josepb Boimseeu vs. N. Moses.
By virtue of a writ of tart facta issued
tome In the above eoti d and number
ed suit by the tion. C. I. ciloas. ju,.ge of
bthe City Court in and for the citay of
abrevepcrt, Fourth . 'as'd, Caddo parish,
Loouisiana, I b vs a 1 and WI"! sell at
the storehouse lately ocouplcd
lenoant, on Commeroe street, I t
of Shrevepo. t, La., within the leg Mir
for sales, to the last and blghest bi dog. on
SATURLDAY, DECEMBERL 8, 1900
One small stock of groceries, Iztures, m ,
Terms of sa e-Cash, aubjeet to appraise.
went, JAb. M, L ARTIN,
Utty Marshal.
Shrevep.nort, La., Nov. 28 190U
$IDts IN VITIL).
Bias are hereby invited for buildlag
bridge, about SQ or t0 feet long, known a
Hianoock bridge, in Falrleld, about on
half mile Ifrom clty limits. Said b-ldge to
be built of woods according to parish
soeoltioatlons. Bils to be opened at nlxt
Ce too of the Jury, December 18, 19
The Jory reservee the right to rejiet
and all bids. WM. WINTE
Preldent yro
AL DURIiEou, Clerk.
Nov 28.
OITY MARSH&L'. 8ALlh3
No. 319- P. Dralse vs. Beary Leopard.
By virtue of a weil of tart faolas Lsen
to se lI the above eatltird and number
suit, by the bon. C. . D.ioks. ludge pi tb
City Court. an and for the city of brev.
port. Fourth Ward. Caddo panrsb, Loals
ians, I Lave seased and wall sell at the
prineipal Iront door of the courbthouse,
withnb the legal hours for sale, to last and
highest bidder, on
BATURUAY, DJECFMBIR 8, 1900,
one "ilalwood" osh register.
Terms of sale-Caeh, subject to spralre
met. J Ad. A. MAAkTIN.
Marshal.
Bhrevegort, La., bov. 25, 1900.
UOOOB 3SION BALD.
No. 6798.-1n First District Court of
Louistana.-'uoces-ion of Seaborn Neaves.
By iirtue of a commission and ordr oft
%aie to md rpi"acd to the above
esuccession. by tue Honorable Pirst
Juaielal District Court of Louis.
IanA, Parson of Crtdo, I will se 1 for
cabh, with the benefit of apprist 'neat, as
the pinroolpal b.ont d'oor of the g irthbouS,
in !Jbrevepirt. La.. during the legal hours
for sales on
SATURDAY, L)KCELBER 22, 1900,
the following tlesc'ibcd retl eatte belosg.
long to said euce s4 tio, to-wit: 6) acres of
Iand in tractional sedton 33.l, towuabip IS
north rtute lb west, and camn"r dling e
south hne of said s9C. 'n :3 at soutbwast
colt ar of a certaino tract o' 47 acres rold b
M II Page to Moses Neaves, Nov I r
In7ti, a'iu run therce north stoonut w
line of said Moses Neaves' traot Ugasj
Lake, thence north and west o0 InI
traverse line of01 Cross Lake, ueag.
sulticent distance towards the west
been gone to inoluue ft0 acres of lasg
running south o.i a line paullsto et
west side o M 2.'caves' land s tee
line of said seotic n 33, thenoe east to
of beginning, and beinog same land
by said ticaborn Nearvt fromp Y
together with bulloangs and lm
hereon. SIMON Ba1906 ,
Administrator of said sieee
Nov 21.
Levi Cooper g
COOPER BRO
MISSOURI LIVERY
AND FEED STABLES
Aud Stocx Lots
Corner',of Louisiana andTela:gStreets
Shreveport.,La. Telephone 6T.