S .,-° tI
TRADE MARK
1870
BALKE'S
SLIVE OAK
WHISKEY
SOFTENED BY ACE.
Awarded Gold Medal at Atlanta Exposition.
Is the best and purest
Rye Whiskey so:d
in the South.
R. F. BALKE & CO., Proprietors,
CINCINNATI, U. S. A.
Ordenr mailed to our head office will be
Fled bronm our ',meuet n.redlad distributor,
COMM ERCI A L
National Bank
CAPITAL $100.000
8URPLU5 ,,..p 11.000,
SAVING DEPARTMENT
OFFICIBb
PI"Th::YOUBEI................. Presldes
aH" . YOURZE ............V ie-Preadest
LJM. WATSON ...................Cashis
AV Accounts and collectipns respect
fnlly solicited.
SHREVEPORT
TURF
EXCHANGE
The latest and most re
liable returns from the
races,
Received by Special Wire
Every day at the
SHREVEPORT TURF
EXCHANGE.
If interested come and get
the results.
PHOENIX HOTEL BUILDING.
Commissions taken from
responsible parties.
'Phone 199.
BUOOU0eION 8AIl
• e -1i - eveeatsoeth Judlieal Distrio
m.-gmmeof Litsiaes. Parish of Ver.
kIl. - 4-- - __ _ et oUsr Pipel..
ý ': rle e a se•mu.ise ,to sell, to a
- MF the 5eeables Sveateuah
sIsIel tdrI4e ourt orf L.emas, .ar
.T i V.amus. I. the abeov:eatmed
)4eMseU, I wWll prosed o sea to hte
Iil.di er aeserdta to law, at the
ti.at deer el the eeurthoease l
. e. U. et, La, betWesa te ,legal hours
* Ieteewag pre.rty,* to.lwt rh.
rsigLne. aewepaper, with the presses,
. apted petatag material o all hiads
~.. sueres. or eeaseted therewith
' it* e used will, huberilpttoa ad
' . gl lsht U thereof, on the followla.
tae Om third or oro, at th
Sthe buyr, i east, a. d the
m a ena t of mse uad two
LSe peehniar to aivo .*oe. bearuag
e osMt Isoeet aers date et e.al,
• bMas, with appmoV , solvem
8 J WARD,
ad nr-Ofle Austmae.r, Caddo
J. 14, 1901.
Ton
taurant
the O*ormasat Bullding
iwe
eslt,
Attractive
AYI THE 8E 5
M MATOVICH,
EUOOGI.BION SALII
No. 6,924--uccession of L. K. Vance
deceased.
By virtue of a commission to sell to me
ssued in the above succession, by the Hon
orable First Judicial I)istrict Court of
Louisiana, Ca-ldo pirebh, I will proceed to
sell at public arction, according to law, at
the principal front door of the court house
in Shreveport, La., during the legal hours
or sales, on
SATURDAY. JULY 27th. 1901,
h.e followigl described property belonging
to said succession, towit:
Certificate No. 12 tor 2 shares of the capi
tal stock of the Hargrove Cotton Mill of
the par value ef $100 each, on which $65
has been paid.
An agreement for the purchase of Lot 5
of 10 acre lot 7 Lincoln Heights sub divis
ion for lO1O on which $35 has been paid.
One promissory note of C E. Vanoe for
$103.
One trunk, one watch, rings and other
articles of personal rroperty as per inven
tory on file in the Succession Record in
clerk's office Caddo parish, Li.
Terms of Sale-Casb, p ovided two.
thirds of the appraisemant is bid,
Also lots 65 and 26 of the Cagle subdivis
on of the city of Shreveport, La., and lot 6
as per map of lands in section 2, township
17, range 14 in city of Shreveport, La., as
Der map in Convevanoe Book 24, pagce 387,
known as Doc Jones' sub division.
Terms of Sale f.r Said Lots-Cash with
the lollowirg conditi3ns: The purchaser
in addition to hiscash bid to assume pay
ment of the notes of said Vance, deceased,
for the original purchase price of said lots
as follows:
For lots 26 and 26, Cagle sub division, 2
notes for $116.66 each, dated July 28th,
1900, due at 1 ad 2 years from date, bear
ing 8 per cent per annum interest from
date and secured oy special mortgage and
vendor's privilege on said lots.
For lot 6 of said Doe Jones sub division,
2 notes for $133 36 each, dated Oct. 16th
1900, due at 1 and 2 years from date, bear
log 8 per cent per annum nlatrest from
date and secuned by special mortgage and
ven'or's privilere on said lots.
The cash bid to be based on two-thirds
of the appraisement of said lots.
it. J. WARD.
Sherl# and ex Omelo Auctioneer, Caddo
Parish. La.
Jose 28.
BYN DIO'B hIALB
No. 4067-First audiolal Distrlet, Parsel
of Caddo-S J Zeigler vs His Creditors.
Bylvirtue of a writ of sale issued bi
said Honorable Court, I will sell at publi
auction on
SATURDAY. JULY 27, A D 1801,
at the front door of the courthouse II
Shreveport. between the usual hours o
sale, the following described property
eituatod In the city of Shreveport, viz: Ai
undivided half interest in and to lots alne
ten, eleven sad twelve, block sixty two
with all bullutngs and improvement
thereon.
Terms of sale, one fourth eash, balana
on a credit ot twelve month., purbchaur ti
give nots bearing eight per cent per aunun
laterset from day of sale, secured bi
special mortgage and veadora' privilege o.
property sold with waiver of benelt .
appraisement sad stipulatisg lye per oenf
atternus'e fees li event of munt for collo.
lion. L CA RT''ER,
Syndic Creditors of S J Zeigler.
June 26, 1901.
AMENDBD ORUINANCO
At a meeting of the Police Jury held July
1, 1901, the following amendments to the
road ordinance was adopted:
Section 7 amended to read "Good Roads
Committee to consist of four instead of
three-three members from the Jury and
one citizea mem')er to be seIeeted by them.
Jurers Keith, MIves and Means were
elected by aeolamatlfo, who in turn
appointed A. Qaerbes as the citiUse
member sad chairman of said oosnmxttee."
Section 6 amended to read "On and afser
Mareb 1 of the year in which taxes are
Imoed, rad that all vebhiele subject to
Iosne shall boar a esase tag for the year
in which I Ia easued, to be ftraaisle by
the tax oollctoer sad chargeable to the
rend feed."
Beti. t ameaded to read One htrse
wages or oarts," and the following ratoe
made uad adopted:
Bleyeles. .............................. 60
Carriage., surrey or dr............ 1 00
ggy................................ 100
One hore wages or cart... .......... a
Two orse wagon ..................... 0
ur here wager .................... 1 00
Sbem wagon ..................... 1 00
Leg wago................. ......... 1o00
PP KP rE1 , President.
A L DUBR1NGrA, Clerk.
July 7, 1901.
AN O±DINANOU
Dselatiag prohibitta of sale of epiratoeus
and Itoxica.tng Ilquors in Ward Three
of the Partah of CaddG , State of Louis.
Whreas, at sn lection held in Ward
Three of the parish of Caddo, under diree.
ta of the Pollee Jury, on June Silt, 1901,
to take the msem of the legal voters of said
ward as s the sale or prehibitleo of sale
of spliuitaos and lantxieostur Ilquos ln
usa ward, 6o vote were east against the
sale of aplteus liqaurs in said ward, and
- votes wese ee. for te sale of splrftae s
and Iatoxlttiag liquors in said ward, as
shows by the eturn ef said election,
duly esnvaeas by the Polee Jury of
Caddo parish; therefere,
so it ordaned by the Pellee Juryof
C4de parish. State Loueiana, in legal
sebly avened, that fem sad alter
the let e of Janeasy, Il5, all sales or
.prtnue ns . Iatemealag liquers in
Ward Thee of the prish of Caddo, Bate
It Le , beale the Sae asa hereby
rrP UITH, Pbedlest
AL DUtaL4ZR, esuk.
Ja? 7
AN OiRDT .\NCE.
Scction I. .e it ordained by the po
l.,e iarv of the par-h .f al't , that
said parish he anid is hereby forirmd
into at r(oad id:-trc:. in co i ha ce C 1it11
Sec. lc it f rr: - el tc.,
that in order t,, ra.c f:::.nds fr the
ptlr,.Lt t cO i Crj i. l i r. th
purpose of coiiioruing,..: ing
and rel,.,nrig the l,:[ntc r,, -, of s.ld
parsh, that ,e in.l l per ofiiiii the
taxes lie\ d ,e p,,,ed l rice o. f C a !
do parish i.,r the _\eir lio0. and fji
each sutccec.nig year, is hercby set
aside and levied on all taxable prop
erty assessed upon the tix rll of .sail
narish fir said year and 'ach succeed
in g ye..r.
Sec. 3. Be it further crdained. etc..
that for th ie samie ptIrposc there is
hiereby impsed a per capita tax of one
dollar per annui i.poin each able bhd
icd ntale inhabitant of said parish bh
tween the ages of i8 and 3; years: pro
vided, that the or, visioins of this sc_
tion shall not be opceratlive in inlcorpo
rated to,'ins : ld ci':es in said parish
th., n aintain their ow+n streets.
Sec. 4. Be it ordained, etc., that any
person subject to a per capita tax who
sh::ll fail or refuse to pay tihe same on
or before the Ist day of January rof
each year shall be guilty of a mi-de
mncanor, an,t shall ibe subiect to indict
ment Lp tilt grand jury ofi said parish.
or prosecution by the district attorney
of said parish, or to proisecuttm h- the
district attorney of said parish by bill
of indictment, to be prostcuted before
the district court of said pa:r:>h, and
upon convictin shall be fined in a sumint
of not less than $2.;o nor nimre than
$5oo and all costs of the prosecution:
and in defa"lt of the payment of said
fine and all costs he shall be sentenced
to work upon the public roads of said
parish undr provisions of this ordi
nance two days for every dollar of
fines and costs.
Sec. 5. Be it further ordained, etc..
that there is hereby imnosed and levied
an annual license tax upon the owner
of each vehicle, including bicycles,
keot and used foi locomotion over the
public roads of said parish in said par
ish, as follows:
Bicycles .... ..................$ 50
Carriage, surrey or drag ....... I 50
BugO v ...... ...... ........... I oo
One-horse wagon ............... 25
Two-horse wagon ............. 5o
Four-horse wagon ....... .... 75
Six-horse wagon ............. I oo
Log wagon ........... .......2 00
Any other vehicle not herein named
$t.oo, provided said annual license tax
shall not be imposed upon any vehicle
upon which a state, parish or city li
cense tax is now levied under existing
laws.
Sec. 6. Be it further ordained. etc.,
that if the owner of any vehicle or
bicycle in said parish shall fail or re
fuse to pay said annual vehicle or bicy
cle tax on or before the ist day of Jan
uary of aech year, he shall be deemed
a delinquent, and the sheriff and tax
collector of said parish is hereby au
thorized to proceed before any court of
competent jurisdiction to sue for and
collect the same with all costs and to
per cent on amount due as attorney's
fees, as in ordinary suits.
Sec. 7. Be it further ordained, etc..
that there shall be a committee known
as "The Good Roads Committee," and
to consist of three members of the jury
ot said parish, to be select d by said
jury, whose duty it shall be to select a
superintendent of public roads for said
parish. if necessary, and to fix his com
sensation; to receive and take charge
of the road fund and to disburse the
same to purchase necessary mules,
wagons. scrapers, tents, road machines
and other road implements, etc., to em
p:oy foremen and laborers for each
camp outfit: and said committee shall
have full power to direct what roads
shall be worked. whetr and vy whom
and monthly repor's shall be made in
full by said committee to. said po: .c
jury.
Sec. 8. Be it further ordained, etc..
that said committee shall have full
charge of the working and maintenance
of all convicts sentenced by the district
iudge of said parish and by the city
judge of the city of Shrevenort to work
upon the public roads of said parish.
P. P. KEITH. President.
A. L DURINGER. Clerk.
.FRANK'S RESTAURANT
IN THE
SIMON BUILDING.
A neat parlor especially
for Ladies.
ALWAYS SUPPLIED WITH TrE
BEST.
Coffe, first class; always esh.
Regular Meale--Breakfast 6
o08. Dinner 12 to 2 oW. Sup
per 6:30 to 8 pm. Short: orders
at all hours.
J. BUCCOLO 4 CO. Prop.
PRANL RACCICH, Maaager.
FREE FOR TWO WEEKS
Our- full three months
OUUR65B IN bHORTM AND.
If you ena read you ean learn abnrthaan
b) eur system, whieh beats the world. No
lsterruptle from business. uIll course
by mall. We ema teach you Just a soe
eseeUdly I- your own home as at a sabooL
Sheuthaud writers In great demand. Is
creae yoear salary by learnint thil most
valuable art.
Ti advertse our soboel sa paerless
nsels of teacblag by mall. we will gtve a
fuall se e to a flIited soaber who are
wilUlnm to do a few bours' pleasant work
er us free. We ealdes graustes is ob
elutfug pee-ees sad s them up in
ubemse for themselves. Se tiltd eefd
dressed euvelese for partleuters.
OLUMBIA SUOIMAID CmOOL,
eam . 3 Raven, GeM.
ALASKA SQ LAWl MEN.
SOME GREAT FORTUNES WITH A
STRING TO THEM.
Does It Prflit 3 inn tIo Ie a lllten
nirel it e I,(n. I .a Indinn E-Imlln!y
on II. Ilaxnds--llHeld In Contempt
bý % hite Men.
Sx.Lr \. June "21. The recent eath
of a mai ll i ,e 1'luire' d a great fortune
In the iKlinlike r ion, sets me think
ing I have uinst read in a paper printed
in tfhe I rt I Stanl s a roman tic sto "
of hii tanly hiitory- how lie was a poor
country lad. lovingh a maiden poor :
himself; hlow his "love 1,f his life"--hi. I
is hiw the writer pIlts it-spurred hiti
on to heto nllan exertion in the froze::i
north. hoiw he kept it upI for 12 years.
when success crowned his oert =,
74.
('HE SQUAW MAN'S FAMILY.
found himself a millionaire. Then Ib
returned to the United States and wed
ded the maiden, who had waited for
him. Then, alas, through the under
mining of his constitution while work
ing for his sweetheart, he died just
after the gates of earthly bliss had
opened to him. It is a pretty story, but
not all the story. The rest of it Is that
while the man was making his fortune
on the Yukon he had an Indian wife, a
creature so gentle and devoted that she
won the respect even of the white min
ers in the Klondike gold country, men
whose scorn of a comrade that takes an
Indian wife is unutterable. When these
beard that the millionaire was on his
way hack to the old haunts after mar
rying the sweetheart of his youth, they
made threats that they would deal
roughly with him. He had simply gone
away and left the native wife-deserted
her. The threats of violence were never,
executed. but prophecies were freely
east upon the air that no good would
come to the man. No good did come to
him. lie lost much of the wealth he
had acquired, and then he died.
There is a whole row of rich men In
the far northwest who have married
wild native women. and not one I know
If gets any satisfaction out of his life
:or all his wealth. An evil fate hangs
wver them all. Serves them right for;
Marrying Into an inferior race, the
world says. Perhaps it does, but their
punishment Is heavy.
.1 nu.., uvuuc naUJ we Ur rI 5UIU
discoverers at Dawson. He lived with
the Eskimos. and two brown skinned
Indian brothers-in-law helped him wir
his wealth and shared it. lie took thi
children to the States to be educated.
I saw the whole batch of them as they
were starting for San Francisco, the
low browed. shrinking Indian wife try
ing to look like a white woman and
failing miserably, the wild little bait
breed children dodging hither and
thither, the man standing by them like
a man, but looking worried and asham
ed, not a chum or a friend among white
men who knew him. He said he would
put his children to school, then he
would return to Dawson and live with
his brown wife's people. "I know," he
said. "that she would never be received
in society In the States."
"If that fellow with the Injin wife
comes in here on the trip down." said
the sturdy engineer, "I'll turn the hot
water on him."
There, too. was that white man at the
Yukon trading post who had an Eskimo
wife. The wife wore rich silks, but she
was a drunkard and carried on wild
orgies with her Indian mates. The hus
band's financial interests lay about the
post, so that he could neither run away
from his wife nor his business. There
he staid, there he stays, transformed
into a man of fierce temper, soured to
all races and, like others who have
done as he'did, despised by his fellow
white men. I know not what it is. but
there is something implanted by nature
in the soul of a white person that re
volts against "herding with narrow
foreheads." It must be nature's safe
guard for the preservation of the su
perior race.
There is yet another case, to my mind
the most melancholy of all. At another
trading post is a white man of the high
ast education and culture. In a fit of
lesperate pique against society one day
me ran away to the northwest While
the fit was on he took an Eskimo wife.
Perhaps he thought to revenge himself
)n society, when, poor wretch, he was
)nly revenging society on himself. He
ehaves himself as a gentleman, he has
nanners that would grace any court,
me has the singing voice of an angel,
ie has ample means, but-he has also
he Indian wife and tle half breed chil
Iren. He can never return to his own.
RozarT Lyro.
A Plauastble Theory,7.
Smith-Da you believe that dogs are
emetimes Jsed in making sausages?
Brown- -o, but I suspect they are
in Import at Ingredient In hash.
Smith-Why do you think that?
Brown-Because when people are fed
a it a few days they begin to grow.
-echange.
WILL HEAT WHOLE CITY.
A Novel Prperirelrnt to BIe I nder
tnuLen I (.,osh''en. Ind.
("o- I, \". slt .1..Ily ,. Ic ,ty has
n ot , : . , ,' ly 1 ' v:, \' I t; i
p "ri! i* .< < 1" u lit : < 1 :11 ,\ " I 'II ,]) t),
p :' I .i : 1 i.,' t ",ut Illl * J u ,I '' .: n . I fl
d i R ',\ l I" :I " 1:1 li .1. , , -''i . iT
el't \ .l w :I l ie ;,;i t' m il ",lil I t!!
\hi'h iL a' , to imt ie It it. l , f
otl'" i ' i , :iX iti 's in I il ' Il n l
;I: ". Z 11. t 'i'l llt ; l, , L Itl.
01' k ,ing t'.'aI 11 1I1 ' t i' l,::i 1. f"r"tii a"
n '.! iit )N-Ie l .y' tal ( .. 1 " : ' "t ' in
" I enII t',.st,'l :il1 i f, :u1i l " .' ".'ul ill
i. ,,in. but 'Ver(' bt'for' ll: a ;i un lic'i
itt tindertaii such a pll'n. I t
14 ', it lil iTl'tak .i i silt'h II [)]i;i.
:i . 11S 74 ;oi, ll tll :i 1 , I lll a le ti
, :-t iX w\ r'H. i t i Xci :'iT X i's.
.3 ' I,'i . in thiat vear t lite. |q .i ,: l .
l ,, r. dl'parttlt ut. itd ith dec( , ci i f
SI:. S Illtc'iting of i 'itizt'en.' wa i. i :1' 1.'
if 1he forller ailtrniativi. So ai ll:it
t:n buIilt. desigtned liler'IlV to ili' :-,'
g' city's tire liglitiTng fieitie.. it v :i's
tliund. hiowever, that at bilt littli' extra
cost it could be extti'in d to i', '.t pri
"5 te detrattls. From i y.l'r to :I ".,
st(eiTi *ew until iin 1.sl a l,,er
iouse w il a cotp lete pilatint \iI t .'l('
e. Now Goshetn owns iifai 'ly- 21 iiles
of street mains,. 1, fire ltllydranit, ani
12 public watering troui hs.
The prlioposed enti-erprise will le t'iln
tticted in onnectiont with the water
Works plant. The idea, int brief, is to
ir iish h hot water ihat to the itizensl
tild the authorities are c'niitbl.Hnt t'ie
experiment will develop() iinto a prlitla
ble business. The installing of ii Uunic
Ipal hot water plant is 0now i IThe
hands E a civic coummittee, which has
already reported to the city council.
They state that they have Information
_at the exhaust from the city powe
station will supiply without (ult the
iheat required for heating the water hr
romn 41i,t00 to 30,1)to square feet of
ra(diation. One estitmate runs as high
as 70.000 to 80.0001 square 6't. The
commnittee. however, to be on the safe
side, calculates that the exhaust will
supply heat for only 23.000 square feet.
On this basis they proceed to figure the
VurL 511u pO9l8)iC pronms.
For heating 125,000 square feet. In
cluding the 25,000 square feet just
mentioned, the annual cost to the city
would total $8.076. $7.500 of this being
for heat and $376 for power to circulate
the water. It Is expected that consum
ers will be charged 15 cents a square
foot. At this rate the income from 125,
000 square feet would be $18.750. or
$10,674 In excess of the operating ex
penses. It Is assumed that the full ca
OOSHEN WATEBWORKS PLANT.
pacity of the plant would be taken by
consumers annually after the fifth year.
The committee estimates that at least
40,000 square feet should be taken the
first year.
Including the cost of laying all the
mains, it has been found that a little
less than $10,000 would be required to
install the system which will furnish
the 125,000 square feet of radiation.
On the basis of a consumption of 30.000
feet of radiation the first year. 50.000
the second. 75,000 the third. 100.000 the
fourth and 125.000 the fifth the revenue
over expenses for the first five years.
Including the cost of interest at $3,000
annually, If no payment is made on the
principal of the debt during this period,
would be $20.024.
On paper the project promises well
for the city of Goshen. and past experi
ence has taught the Goshenites to be
lieve that the practice will bear out the
theory. Besides owning the water
works system Goshen owns an electric
lighting system. That these plants
have been operated at a profit to the
city is proved by statistics. For the
year ending May 30 the total receipts
from both systems were almost $15.530
and the total expenditures on the same
barely $14,800. Moreover, the Item of
public water and lights, which Goshen
secures free. is no small one, for many
cities of a similar size are paying $10,
[00 annual rental to private companies
for water hydrants.
Looking back, then, the people of
Goshen feel that they are by no means
taking a leap in the dark in the enter
prise now before them.
HENERY W. MILLER.
Due to laeleumetcy of the Weather.
The Inclemency of the Weather was
koking tattered and worn.
A Few Well Chosen Remarks was
.ommiserating with him.
"I wouldn't mind working so bhard,"
mid the former. "if I could only collect
IU that Is said to be owIng to ma."
$.w lerk Times.
MRS{. BARR XrrT 110-ME.
CHAR~I'M.G COU\TP.Y HOUSE OF A
WLLL K'.OWN NOVELIST.
Cherry ('roft."tn 11.." *niuinit of torm
lin.!\con. Vi iierr." t:rlclin Biarr Writesr
Jh r Stori m p,.
\r. ,t yw,, dui} *I'i:- the SE~t
U: IN i 'i rBtt - ,:,ii 1 t !: l.: 'i':·· i t firlv b I'
tl i B Ti i.' ii 2\ B if l,2 s. r h a ty
t fr-'ýiinr ;rjr of " i:' T~i~- About
thi- pr~fttin-t arid I:.w t'nf''Tii ali o
lltnt'J:I (t"(,v1.;1 it tin Ixhr-r
mtI nir w l i ilt1 l iii Iv amon
,·ii,
BItS .nilT E D
BP1S. AaIELIA E. BARB.
tl* clouds, where the summer winds
hold high carnival, shut off from the
world and its tronbli:ug yoices by miles
and miles of forest, looking out over a
scene that tlls the imagination with
grandeur and fascinates the eye with
loveliness, it unites every rural charm
to the most complete seclusion. In
front and at one side pastoral slopes
decline steeply to the river below,
which at this point expands to the
width of three miles. appearing from
the heights like an immense lake. Be
yond lies historic Newburg and farther
along Poughkeepsie. while on all sides
rise the infolding mountains, with the
peaks of the ('atskills looming nmajes
tically above all. Nearer, set well up
from the Hudson, with its spires and,
chimneys rising through the tree tops,
is Cornwall, the erstwhile home and
last resting place of Edward Payson
Roe, whence a sequestered road winds
Its way up the mountain side to Cherry
Croft, so named on account of the cher
ry trees which abound on the premises..
The house is a long, rambling struc
ture surmounted by a tower and PIec
turesque gables, with a broad. inviting
vine draped piazza extending alng one
side, shaded by wide spreading trees
and pleasantly girted by a garden and
well kept lawn. It was built on plans
of Mrs. Barr's own drawing and is
tastefully and handsomznly furnishcd.
The author's workshop, a rootm of
princely proportions, is situantd on the
upper floor, with that animrating land
scape lts view from every window,
though in fair weather she is more apt
to be out on the big. cool piazza.
Though well advanced in years, DMrs.
Barr is an Indefatigable and tireless
worker, yet she makes writing a pleas
ure more than a business. If she fol
lowed out her inclinations in the mat
ter, there would be no cessation of
work throughout the year. But she
long ago learned the folly of the all
work and no play method; hence, much
though she would prefer to "keep at
it," to use her terse expression, she
wisely lays the pen aside in December
or January and goes either to New
York city or Old Point Comfort, where
she gives herself up to the pleasing task
of entertaining and being entertained.
And in this Mrs. Barr xcels, being the
cheeriest, most agreeable of women,
entering into and enjoying gayety and
mirthfulness with as keen a zest as the
verIest girl, her huge enjoyment In life,
coupled with her superb physical vigor
and tremendous ca:pacity for work,
constituting the only vanities, If such
they may be called. she possesses. Yet
at no time does she enjoy life so much
as when breathing the bracing air of
her mountain home immersed In her
writings.
Among other charming summer
homes of American women authors are
The Homestead, Sarah Orne Jewett's
place at South Berwick. Me.; The Sea
Urchins, where Mrs. Burton Harrison
spends the summer at Bar Harbor, Me.;
Quillcote, Kate Douglas Wiggin's de
lightful summer resort at Hollis, Me..
and Mrs. Elizibeth Stuart Phelps
Ward's summer cottage at East Glouces
ter, :Mass., which years ago she named
Old Maid's Paradise, but that was
before it was occupied by a happy
married couple. It was built by Mrs.
Ward back in the seventies. Patchs
bill, its original site, was in those days
t quiet, isolated spot. freqtented only
by fishermen, but under the influencr,
)f the summer visitor it was gradually!
transformed into a sort of suburban
rills, destroyiug the privacy whichl'
lirs. Ward prized so highly and com
elling her. much though she liked theb
situation, to have the cottage movedl
'arther Inland. High up, where the salt'
fir blows free and cool, overlooking thc.
tea in front and farreaching marsh*e-T-,
a the rear, It now stands, with no oth-;
r- house to look upon it, entirely re
moved from the haunts of the summer
mettags L, BaEcsLs TUI U.J