AMO' Chill T
Ia TuIIosda end Ouaruamtee to Csnwo Chllts and
oFvr and rall alealg T? lne.
Does Not Comtala Q·lae Nor Other P.",...
Does E Lot Inja: Stomach No Eo fe the Bearing.
W.m A. m ty rton, DimeBox Tel, V a, amon Pepsi, hill Tonicis the
eet we harve ever ta.'dlled. t o pr. pr c be tin nia ctieadcl sanysit
theonly m ll Tonic which a chi ~ c.n t.te hout In urrv t the stomach."
Prise .0 BROVN MY'G. CO., Pr,, - reenevtlli 'ienu
HEIERMAN LOEiB,
....DEALER IN....
Hide, Wool, Tallow. Beeswax Fnr6, Etu
Ccmmerce Street, Next to V., S. & P. Ry., Shreveport, La
I guarantet' to tie sellerF the net price obtaiued In Vickeburg, 6
Louis, New Orleans Galv.ston and Houaton markets. Prompt return
madc on receipt of Shbipmeutw
S G. DREYFUS & CO
W(OLESA.LR ')'ALERS 1N
]Uri Goods, Boots, Shoes and Hats.
COL. SPRING AND CROUKETT STREETS
PROMPT ATTENTION PAID TO 0CNTRY ORDERS
BAIhY HUNTEh. SAM tiUNERK tHAWK HUNTER
HUNTIE ~ BROS.
Wholesale Grocers and Commission Merchants
ll.and 113 MILAM 8TRE)B'
Plantation Supplies, Bagging and Ties,
DEAIJBs 1n
Hay, Corn, Oats, Bran and' Chops
t peotl itte at cn to sil orceer on shott rotice at tott(m prices All favors appreciated
SPRING TIME
WILL SOON BE HERE
Q t and you:.will need-Field and
Garden Seed. Callon us at
108 Texas 'street and get
what you want. We have
a full line of fresh seed.
No old stock. Write for
Catalogue.
i tentri & d ell,
108 Texas Street.
Te Fllrs1111'B-r1s. DrIy oods Ceo
LIMITanD.
EXCLUSIVELY WHOjBsALEs DEAL8;R8 IN
Dry doods. Notions, Boots,' Shoes. Hats
$14 611 sad-414 Levee Street. New York Otee, 77 FranlIn Stree
rurn
reial Printing
' Tlhe Caucaslan
.4 .. . -
CANNOT COMPETE.
Skilled American Workman I+ Equal to
About Four ( hinene.
New Yurk, May :l1.-Evlvyn A. Por
ter, an ehlerrieal entin-,r. i. hlere
direct from Clina. lHe savy that thl,
mill. tlh,r, are \working in pretty good
bhape, ,ut nt able to en:,i.te with
Amri,.an cmpttt ittin. C_'hira ,'xp),','t, 6
lar.* rtitl., ih : t a (it t rli,liatioii tr
earit lin re thlan thl . t is *: lIit.
An -. : Ilre tn o,! , rativ,.c".! 1 t 1 ,,l .t!t r
work anti t .ur itme i. Ill r in it given
(t1ill,. I'a ,l l t.. " .:.I "r m , an pr lu 't-i
are c( ltt lll. ili , *l, , * l tt r.i -..
What is known a-s th,. ilit ca-,
which was argued by Ex-S,-natr Lint
say of K-ntinreky. was Ia fri,-n,!E lit ira
tioni brounlit to the t,-t thit lte"ality of
the~.. -xtn.si,)ns if th, shipi ing laws.
The upilreiiin court su.':aulIl. tne pr.-si.
dent', act anmi it is now thught that
there will he a dlnmanl to ext,,nd riiu
lationiP to the Philippines, in pursuance
of the court's mlaniate.
Shipping men say this would be a se
rious hbl., to .\mneriiant shipping. It is
contentied that the c unitry is nIit vet
readiy to invlul the di-ttant Pilipinies
in it-is i twlitw. trade anll to confer on.
thut far rmcve-I archil,. a', the benie
fits f the Ameri'at niiavtgatiion laws.
Still. a, the ilutution is not very well
nd r-r,,tl it is likl, y that hlttle vill 'he
heiat , ulnt' -', ..., rta t 1 , if t :In I
en ct., tit n-c ,'.ary 1, gilati.ll. i llie
it is virtually settlt-1 that no 'us :mitial
change in th,- ;o,,..rnmi-nt's Philippin'
pr igrani ue 1 c tntenlplitt., yvt thhere is
a likelih.ol that tillsn will fr , rh -.hief
topic of consideratiou at the meeting of
the cabinet.
Attorney General Knox is known to
be carefully studying the various explr.
sionsl uned by th,, jn.ti,,e. in the D)Limaia
and the Dow.les t l-cions the vi.w ,f
preplring an opillil fi) r subuniuion to
the cabinet as to t ph , ,we'rs which the
supreme court has ltclartd belong t,,
the presideint by colntitutional law and
Ixpwer vestd'l in the executive by the
Spl, nr r.solutix : Ir it regarded as a
rea- iable >sumlllptini that definite and
authoritative annlI Ilncellenllt of the gov
ernment's Philippine p,,lit.y to )be pur
sued until conlres p.at,4s spcveial legis
lation for the arlchilpltg1o would he
made soon, prot~lly by to,- time of the
cabinet meeting next week.
FINANCIERS MAKE PEACE.
Hill-Mnorgan and Harrimnan Syndicates
Settle as to Northern Paclflc.
New York, May 31.-Peace has been
patched up between the Hill-Morgan
combination and th, Harriman-Kuhn
Loeb syndicate in the struggle fur the
control of the Northern Pacific road.
The friendliest feeling now exists and
an agreement has practically been reach
ed which will prevent any renewal of
the strife. The amicable understand.
ing was brought about through the
friendly offices of George Gould and
William K. Vanderbilt.
Each side has ceased talking about
its respective holdings in Northern
Pacific stock It is said that the Union
Pacific railroad owns over $59,000,t00 in
securities of the Northern Pacific.
James J. Hill, president of the Great
Northern, is in the city. He has been
in conference with representatives of
the Nortern Pacific and Union Pacific
ever since his arrival. He refuses tc
say anything for publication either in
regard to the Northern Pacific affairs or
the confliot with the Union Pacific in.
terests.
Nacogdoches, Tex., May 81.-A kill
ing is reportqd from San Augastine by
telephone. Pleas Wall was shot and
instantly killed in the road five miles
east of there. One shot went through
his neck, another throngh his body and
a third hit the horn of his saddle. He
was shot with two guns from the side.
He was on horseback driving some cat
tie. A negro and a white man were
riding ahead of the cattle. The negro
says he heard the shooting, but saw no
one shoot. He saw Wall fall from his
horse. Wall's pistol was found in his
pocket with handle downward and two
chambers empty. Interest is high here,
as it is regarded as a renewal of a feud.
Preferred Death to Jail.
St. Joseph, Mo., May 31.-A stranger.
aged about 40 years, stole a horse and
buggy and was caught by Patrolman
Kiefer half a block away. The offloe.
searched his prisoner and found no
weapon. He ordered a patrol wagon,
and as soon as the prisoner was pa1ced
aboard he drew a pistol and sent a bul
let through his heart, dying a few min.
utes later at the police station. The
man was a giant in stature He had
$15 and letters addressed to E. H. Lam.
berton, Wallace, Mo., in his pockets.
Revenue on Philippine Artltels.
Washington, May 31.-The treasury
department has made public the revenue
on articles shipped into the United
States from the Philippines from March
1, 1499, to April 31. 1901, as $1,004,917.
Of this amount $1466,952 came from
sugar; $119,539 from cigars and cigar
etts and the balance from miscellaneous
articles.
Because e Snored.
Indianapolis, May .1.-Ed Moberdy
is suffering the dislocation of his arm
While sleeping soundly he snored and
his wife, resenting the disturb
ance. attempted to turn her husband
over on his back. She failed, but sno
seeded in dislocating his arm.
Washtagto ,fseaed Again.
Washington, May 81.-The train bear.
Ig Presdent and Mrs. McKinley and
the party aooompanying them on their
toor through the south and west ended
,their journey hre at 7:330 yesterday
nrarulg exaotly on schedule time.
EXPOSITION OPENS
Dedica -on Day of the
Great Six Months'
Festival,
Wonderful Beauty of the
Completed Work.
Color. Senlptl:re. Eleetricty. Foun
tain.. Filowers and Festive Arehi
tecture--'l'h Most Beantiful Expo
mition I'er ('rented--. Triumph of
Art itic t:ndeat or-- A Maimmoth
hhoav In .' hich the I'rnactlettl Side
I. us elVII (Cared For as the Artis
tie Fenatures.
Itr " ri \. .1:;,y 2n0.-T!h d,'(tliention of
th, I'n:l .. i rh'enn E xpr. it;,,n today
ln~ i< 1 t .: 1 in l I:inllI.r' li, ttillt
the ln' ,' . o e o itt' \ ' . I'1 to take iart
00O pople w\ert on hand to take part
.i .
DIRECTOR GENEIL:L WILLIAM I. BUCHANAN'.
in the grand event. The day was wade
a civic holiday, and there was a gen
eral outpouring of people from cities
and towns within 2(. miles of Ituffalo.
both In the Illlted States and Canada.
by way of the 20 or more great lines
of railway l hich center in this city.
The city was astir at an early hour
to witness or participate in the pro
gramme. Mlr. Louis L. Babcock was
chief marshal, and the programme con
sisted of pI::ades, ceremonies In the
Temple of :Music and special outdoor
features. There were two separate
and distinct parades-an Exposition pa
Irade and a concessionnalres' parade,
leaving the City Hall at 10 a. m.
The Exposition parade consisted of
the United States troops in this city,
the Mexican National Band, a detach
ment of all arms of the Mexican army
and other foreign troops in the city,
the Fourth Brigade, N. G. 8. N. Y, all
under the command of General S. Mi.
Welch, escorting carriages containing
the Exposition ofcials and their spe
clally Invited guests.
The parade of the eoncessionnaires
was participated in by all the conces
slonnaires. It was accompanied by 15
bands and *as two miles in length,
showing the wonderful features and in
teresting prople of the Midway.
The ceremonies at the groonds con
slated, first, of a grand flight of carrier
pigeons freed on the Esplanade and
conveying the news of the dedication
of the Exposition to the world. The in
vited , guests then proceeded to the
Temple of Music, where the following
programme was carried out under the
direction of the Hon. John G. Milburn,
president of the Pan-American Exposi
tlon:
Musle by the Seventy-irst Regiment Band, under
the direction of Professor Fanciullt
Opening prayer by the Right Rev. C. &. Fowlar,
bishop of the M. E. church.
Address by his honor Conrad Diehl, mayor of
the dty of Buffalo.
Poem written for the occasion by Robert Cam
eron Rogers.
"Salve Libertas." Sturm, by Buffalo Orpheus
and Orchestra. John Lund conductor.
Address by the Hon. Theodore Roosevelt, vice
president of the United States
Music.
Address by Senator Henry Cabot Lodge of Mas
ehrbusetts
Poem written for the occasion by Frederto
Almy.
Address by the Hon. Timothy L. Woodruf,
lieutenant governor of the State of New York.
"America," by band, Orpheus and audience.
Benediction by the Right Rev. William D.
Walker, bishop of western New York.
At noon there was an exhibition of
scientific kiteflying by Mr. E. i. . ors
man, sclentitic kite expert of New
York, and his staff of kitefliers. This
consisted of tandem kites and Eddy
war kites, suspending the American
flag and discharging American flags in
the form of parachutes, others sup
porting a great banner bearing the
word "Welcome," with others bearing
different flags and streamers at various
heights. There were also flown tan
dems of naval block kites and keel
kites with flags and a tandem of yacht
or ship kites.
At the close of the ceremonies in the
Temple of Music there was a great dis
play of day fireworks, Including a
grand salute of 125 aerial guns fired
from steel mortars, the ascent of 27
large 12 foot gas balloons, each letter
ed with the name of one of the Pan
American countries and carrying the
flag of the country: salute to the states.
46 mammoth cannon report rockets.
one for each state of the Union, fired
simultaneously; magnificent display of
IL-· -A·4·to"""-
%-1I!'' ··li:?l:ilt ffri-m-orks. releame:1
ill I!....jr JAll 1 .! 114:I .. b·Iritabs, : otrien
Ani'rvip:,:,t: :I tht- Now York Staitp
frt-e .Aieriv:IaI :iiaI i t
lh~ yellltriti i -lu.i? ..r t~~~lle~pqip;,t,: lll
withi.t 5*r.t aýw wvw : iltrstfl rl. tWiO
frt jItit r Orth is iinltit-p h-;Iti pti trt
Ilwaren aiytit sita! ni fi-ri ' .ati t r!, tlti
isitlt:n n rm i ttill. tvii~ a sa t v.t 1 t.ný I tli
giw 1 of 11 cli itjcl cxt zili liit. lltsiciitti.4 .
prc ciatuio of IcIIh-F. ciitil slict'l-ril I lft*
t I liv St-4-11 ill
tte -vintr tival of itittie fildo rita,
na-ldnt i arpitimIlec salttioijts. cthel gthe
tititt m ltp of ciltO :u-tll .l the ret 'LildllUb-j
theltct:l fir44tltai4 Ilcys Iitatlits casot tile
hidutt :;c 4.4 K tlt itit'i it t or eowurs. tl rtc
in. nuit u-tn, orbuildit-ag 1 moldredul ornat
JrlnfL 11 lrr4 i ltl t 'rJl llc' :V` t llb g 1-4 -:1 t
numbe groifgoup byf.
TheU4 Artittncitf Sv thel o.i l.l1i4 iat Cln)
thane irtt lyii diff yet tbrilitiIs l-ightl I
etht Iffe:t S pl5 o41cutllby 1the4th of 1o r
than ' ;t vI iPi t4I ion it JitP4' e tf tittt tc r Wc
byrc wlte e and1 elecruticI lthis frork til
June tort-sea ItalL ofirstnit-fofthpll'tttiit
(exi.1uive if .x.libits. Of this sum the
M 1l way repre.ents an expenditure of
a btlo t ::.c;. i ii t). Not int i see'(' . to
h:lve been forgotten in perfecting the
pIa!ri. andl tlnire is every conivealence
for the Vikitor anlld an :iunllance for
i:im to ex:amitne and enjy. The admii,
Fion ipr"i.e is the cinie a: usual at expo
sitions. hnlf a dollar, but it cntitles .hne
to a full day at the most beautiful fes
tival of the kind that has ever been
Irought into existence. No pen will
ibe so presumnptuous as to attempt to
describe the architectural and color
beauty of the Pan-American Exposi
tion. It is a nagnificent, an extr:iva
gant, dream Ibrought to a harmoniour
end beautiful realization. The triumlp111
of the architect, the colorist, the land
scape architect, the sculptor and the
electrician is complete.
There are about 150 buildings in the
Exposition plot. of all sizes and de
scriptions, and an abundance for every
one to see, no matter how long he may
choose to remain. The most novel ex
hibits perhaps are to be found in the
Electricity building, for in that partic
ular science wonderful strides have
been madtle within the last few yra:is.
Notably among these is the transform
er plant, where 5,000 horsepower is re
ceived from Niagara Falls by cable at
a pressure of 11,000 volts and stepped
down to .SI00 volts. This power is
used for lighting the vart Exposition
area. A dayliPhit brilliancy will per
vade the E::,,i.sition until 11 o'clock
each night. The exhibit of Street Rail
way appliances Is also of a very com
plete and interesting character. The
exhibit made by Thomas A. Edison,
showing the development of many of
his important lnventions, constitutes
another attractive feature. Demonstra
tions are to be made of Wireless Te
legraphy and the X Rays. In the cen- I
ter of the Machinery and Transporta
tion building Is a working exhibit of a
large number of Pumping Engines.
These supply the water for the various
fountain features of the Exposition.
Anmong these water displays is a cas
cade In the southern face of the Elec
tric Tower, from which there is a flow
of 85.000 gallons of water per minute,
making a beautiful vellike cataract 70
feet high. Upon this cataract electric
lights of many colors will be thrown
from an Invisible source, producing an
enchanting picture.
One of the most Imposing buildings'
of the Exposition is the great Stadium.
This is more than 60 feet high and is
so large as to Inclose a quarter mile
track. The seats are arranged In the
form of a vast amphitheater. and the
capacity is sufficient for 12,000 specta
tors. This Is to be the scene of very
interesting events daily throughout the
Exposition.
The Midway is said to be the great
est that bas ever been organized for
any exposition. The Midway proper
PRIIDENT JOHN O. MI.LBtR.Y.
is 3.000 feet long. thus giving more
than a mile of frontage upon this sin
gular thoroughfare. There are about
40 shows. every one of them possess
Ing special merit and selected from a
large number offered. There has been
great rihalry among show people to
secure space upon the Midway, and It
has been allotted with great care and
with the positive assurance that every
feature would be of a character to com
mand popular interest
It may be said of the whole Expo
sition that to every department it is
a compact yet complete presentation
of Twentieth Century civilization of
the Western World. _ .
*------- _y
inc':rr'i a 1._. i 4 $ .*.- ).. r r .. n:d
v . . . i :. ,' .i t ; : .i . . .ii l l:.g
\\ i, o rr:-, r , .\ ,:;il ".,. I. )I. ; i ;1 -pi .
it . : l; . . I , a .! ; ir . |I i
:l<ti -. l :.;I .0 i .. :.rl . I ' , ,1 I,* i , .) I J'\
,, ,, t ; i . :ii. r i .. . !; . : ,.., • .,'. :i ;\, .i i:, ;j
,I " ...... i',r :ll.i i:' ; . ' i ,l t 4 pei r
liirnl;ill'y, iild pr iin l.! It tl irty y r'ir .
ltn i1 t rde ,r t :. p:i -.i:nt . i to ld l ' i.:c
:hi par -h i. - I nC., i d, i, t I : i -it ;ic
m li m ill Itr :Ll l) h :1 .1 A' :: .. i-::Ir ,,f :jr
t'.i.- d \la t:.i n % 'I l.: lll i lr l y -- , !. -
tLc Ict in :ill i i in , i. p.! . -i, i>r" !hli'ry
t ir-i , un il it - t'lh:e!i ;!;;i ni, i- pr -
;i>. vi)i i l ptcn , itt li-gtcl a i c;nir:;rid v c n
Vtld Iho i thll c i'e ai d lal atlid i'.t.t-t;
:lid.
W\hitfrats at :iiid t.lctci.in duly and rle
tally hvld. and rttiirnd i'ciallvy nmat :nTd
aivan>s. d-. a -tiut :trs o fi thlc pr ipt ry
t;'.xpa| y'e r.s of n . lp:;,rl -l, i- ..,'i «l. ..:<1.
hav irl: y inl i! !in - r- ,l it; ..:t ;, : ..in
u hl .ril td S.irt I:irilh t i t, r.li:,t <.,i !
iiii.i and i" -.'nl :r. bn-iidi, C iiand Oi rley
aid t iax: ri-t-f-rre,
iln it ordainf-l by tlhie p mnry t- iff i
Ladilo parihli. i tn ht;g l n-.-in' ly citn
v lned thrlit tlil said I e.nd- tie i-nhl.
?imty in nunilwr. andi fir Su1olo :;,'! .
ri tn i.;ri i f (:d*!* . In llit'nre I f ..t:
*i it vrth: iri ;iinec. lt in o rd
,: i',tre - llllllller Ht. 1e ! i te ;cv t
I.!, :1.'. .ll; i -; '.l ally :In the flr-t ,l iS
,f J;:n!mmry : d \Ju .ly. 1,' .2. ;ial (if each
ia.r thitrh-:fr, and ithe principal p:aysia
l)e in thirti \vear-. fr-Oi diit, the d:t e
"f i iA i i Ji ;'y i1 . -i:1) . -:2i.
md.l n(l , 1 . t i lt . b . llet.:iAed ft' r ls; tlh.mi
paIr .ai : in d , it. il;etilta pa-iya le inh
Naow Y.rk-: ia a pl:c- teo lsic df-igni:cd
in satin, I,,nal e.
le it fnrther trdaline ' thait l he said
Imnde; shall be (nitii.IL "Ca.:lo Parih
Jail lliduld. i-I'ne i f sh .<ox>." and the
nreident clf the pfolice inry if C.adll
parWih is hereby inwtirtcted to ca.te lame
to lie prp:lr.l.ait incec and tIn ui.,hl >v"t1
eod, Iog.uther with the parish trcalt
rer .nd. chairmnan ,,f the l.nance oimmit
tee nf tie police jury (f said parish.
Be it firther ,rd--ined. th:at in order
to pay the interest and principal of <aid
lnnde. a ,pecial tax ot one-half mill on
the dollar of a<e-zsed valuation upon all
the property subject t taxation witlhin
the pari'h if Cadbl' be and is hercGCy
levied for the years. Tool. IiO2, 11i)3,
ro04. tOtl. Ifx,.. 10l07. 1R0, I (oo. 1910.
TOll1. I012. OlTl.. Itr., 1014. TOrii. lOIm ,
TOTl.. I10. 1j20, 1021. 1022. 19.23T. 1924.
102.. M0216. 11027, '10-'R. l1o2. and O.1O,
until n nnflicicnt flunid it pr"vided to
pay said lond. and interest. and of the
amounts so re:lized the sum of S240.loo
oer annum shall he nfdl for the payment
of the interest on said londl. and the
remainder shall constitute a sinking
fund ot of which shall he paid the
principal of the hnnds so issued.
Which was adopted hv the fol.
lowinme vote: Iflutc'-inon. Iluckahy,
Monkhliouse. Means, Oden, Rives, Tho
man. Winter, Young and Keith. Nays,
none.
P P KEITH, President,
AL DURINGER, Clerk.
..pril 2s, igoi.
JAIL.
Sealed proposals will be received by the
Police Jury of the parish of Caddo a
Shreveport. La., June 18, at 10 a. m. foi
the erection and completion of a three
story and basamept Are proof jail Drew
logs and specifications may be seen at
Builders Exchanre at Bbreveport, La.;
Dallas, Texas; Chicago, Illinolis: Ulncin
sati, Ohio, and at the oSce of Jno C
Sinclair, Wainwright bullding. St Louis, a
ceartled obheck of 8000. "payable to the
President of the Polaee Jury must aseom
pany each bid as a guarantee that the
sueoeseful bidder will exeeute a satistso.
trorv bond. The Pollee Jury reserves t :e
right to reject anv or all bids.
JAb REILKY GORDON CO.
A J ARMSTRONG,
Assolia.e Arohi eat.
April 28, 190L
BSTRAY NOTIOB
Taken up by L E Walker, one mile
northwest of Radley, La., and estrayed
before me, the undersigned justice of the
peaee, Seventh Ward, Caddo parish, the
followinag deserl'id stock, to-wit :
(1) One black horse, saoout 14 1-2 hands
higb, 10 or 12 years old. No mark or brand.
(1) One bay mare colt, about 2 years old.
No m rk or brand
(1) Blaok mule, about 14 bands high,
white spot on shoulder, white spot just
back of right ear, about 4 years old.
The owner or owners will please coma
forward, prove property. and pay charges,
or the animatels will be sold on
bArUBDAY, JUNE 8, 1901,
as the law directs.
W A HENDRICK,
Justice to the Peace, Seventh Ward, Caddo
Parish, La.
May 8 1901.
BIDS INVITED.
Bonds of Parish of Caddo, La
Police Jury Itoom, Shreveport, La.,
April 25, 1911.--Sealed proposals will be
received at this office until 10 a ni. of June
1';, 1901, (at which time they will be opened
in public meeting of the Police Jury), for
the purchase of the.foliowinr d(serthed
bonus of the parlshiol f adde, La: *6t;),O)
in the bonds of the.par!sh of Caddo to hi
iusued for the building of a new jill of Ibe
pir value of $1004( each, with interest at the
rate of 4 per cent per antum payable etm'
annually into the city of New York at the
American Exchange National I ink-said
boads to bear date of J.:ly 1, 1901.
Bids .o be accompanied with a certified
check for 5 per cent of the amount of each
bid.
No bid for less than par will be enter
tained.
The Police Jury reserving the right t.i°
reject any and all bids.
f P KE1TH, Presidcnt.
A L DURINOGR, Clerk.
April 28, 1901.
Subscribe
For the Caucasian.