Wholesale Dealers in All Kinds of
Produce, Field and
Garden Seeds.
of SHREVEPORT STEAM BOTTLING
KS and SHREVEPORT STEAM
CANDY FACTORY.
125 Texas Street, Shreveport, La.
* DREYFUSS & CO.
WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
s, Boots, Shoes and Hats.
SPRING AND CROCKETT STREETS.
ATTENTION TO COUNTRY ORDERS.
ERMAN LOEB
DEALER IN
ool, Tallow, Beeswax, Furs.
STREET, NEXT TO V. S. & P. RAILWAY.
SHREVEPORT, LA.
the sellers the best prices obtained in St. Louis, New
Galveston and Houston markets. Promvt returns.
To The
OLD STATES
Wil V ll . lauuesm as eeta plus $ s2 ter theoea
tie. 2 37 25 2 aa2. *8. Lnit 80
4s~tmtbPelsse at
to onths bst
.- _ 44,'}=i:' - . -ýýýý'I
" r"
r' "da4
TALMAGE
SERMON
By Rev.
DRANK DE WITT TALMAGE D.D..
Pastor of Jefferson Park Presby
terian Church, Chicago
Chicago. Feb. 1. - In this sermon
Pastor Talmage, while not excusing
the prodigal, throws a new and search
Ing light upon the character and con
duct of the elder brother of t he famous
parable. The text is Luke xv, 28, "And
he was angry."
Who was the prodigal's elder broth
er? "I know who he is." answers some
one. "I see him almost every day of
my life. He is the honest. upright son
who stays at home and gets no credit
for being good. he is the respectable
plodder of the family who does most
of the hard work in the office, in the
store and on the farm and then has the
extreme pleasure of seeing all the
young girls run after his dissolute
younger brother merely because that
brother is driving fast horn's and sow
ing his 'wild oats.' The elder brother
is the son who is always sober and , et
receives he not one extra dollar from
his parents as a reward. while the
drunken son of the family is continual
ly receiving extra money to get his
clothes out of pawn, so that he may
have another start In life. The elder
is the 'good boy' upon whom the moth
er depends to help give his sisters new
dresses for the winter parties, yet he
never has a party given for him. He
never had a fatted calf killed that he
might entertain his friends, though for
years he has cared for the cattle by
day and has seen that they were prop
erly milked at night. He is the 'good
boy' who never had a fine ring put on
his finger. The folks laughed at his
horny fingers, which were knotted from
handling the plow and wielding the
hoe and the ax. His feet were never
measured for dancing slippers because
his sandals were always soiled and
dirt begrimed. He was always work
ing In the fields. The drunkards, the
profligates. the midnight carousers, the
libertines and the associates of lewd
companlons are the ones who, when
they reform, Have the smiles and the
dancing parties given to them, not the
eder brothers who have never done
any wrong."
Some years ago a young cllege
classmate said to me: "It never pays
to be good. When I am good and stay
at home, then father and mother mere
ly take my goodness as a matter of
coae, but if I only go off on a long
trussel then nothing Is too good for
ue whee I come back home. There's
les 4t fun in being a repentant prod:
ig, lThere is no fun In inways being
g .`soodyboy, wo never gets the
.4w <ett killed tort hs tbenet.4 "Mf
p e hve always keen with the
elder brother in the parable." once
Sote Jenu R. Pazton, the peat New
bork presen, b te po a eym
psthy of thE worM the time imme
orlql hie been with the elder brother
of toy test #06 not with the repentant
huse of the mwines who retuwned In
rae -l ae a .begga to hic father's
)t ~~s ~ ~Shet s t rh eotei 4 pot
?~4hs~Atwv&Wei`.
~#.thAmwtaa anhas
4OSttR ;` lRbsw and
nnwnltln the beart
& h 'abieautae as1~fby
:. - ~ "hIllb m s
W'peabaniw utine'sd
' Uiff of&, showne
~t 4* b* bmhns iet ore
M.r.te4wb tp ato show
hobe 4reoed and that ~t Isthe
*~ o ~h )3tarIto warn ~ahs,
~*I~~btebeet teoern ThP
ý* 4Ih God bi that be u not as
-U T _ lie e eently lc
~the*inaedandthe soia out.
thA40 {h en ad ey to bi
meit Yu tiht # . .never ;had
El -f p4t nt* than thoee pea
#, Ia of : igh, strung.
naý. ;s never would
* ` x~i "it % the better of
bd wu.ucble to
e~~ t 5Qi : to of wmid
as good
+_Q lls sh efI
e tom~~ne4
the,
In widch be lived Shylock was a fiend
and a murderer at heart. Like a pan
ther crouching amonu the long grasses
of the African prairie, waiting for the
time he could spring upon a helpless
antelope, Shylock was longing for the
time when he could lay Antonio a
corpse at his feet.
A Defect In Character.
Elder brothers, you have no ground
for pride if the restraint that has kept
you from prodigality is itself a defect
of character. It is true that you have
not gone off as a prodigal into a far
country of sin. You have not given a
midnight banquet and started your
young friends on the path to a drunk
ard's grave by teaching them how to
bury their lips in the red poison of the
wine cup. You may have been too
stingy for that: you may have been so
mean and stingy that there is no fear
that you would drink a glass of wine
or smoke a cigar unless some one else
paid for it. It is not principle that
saves some men from going to destruc
tion by the broad highway of disso
luteness, but penuriousness. They hold
on to every dollar they have and are
too stingy to spend a cent. They keep
their money as long as they can and
never give a cent to a friend unless
they mnake that friend give them a first
class security and pay full interest.
But, my so called respectable and up
right pharisaical friend, though you
are not a prodigal, you may be a usur
er, an extortioner and a slanderer. You
may he a robber of tue poor widow's
mite and a contemptible tyrant in your
dealings with your debtors and your
employees. You may be a peddler of
evil reports and a murderer of your
neighbor's reputation. You may be
one of those keen, cold automatons
without one drop of human kindness
in your heart. You may be so merci
less in your dealings. with mankind
that you will not stop for one moment
to consider the sad causes which led
your friends into sin or ipto financial
difficulty. And, elder brother, If your
faults are meanness and avarice, though
you may have never violated the crim
inal code of your state, yon are at heart
a sinful monster, a financial tyrant;
you are at heart a merciless calumnia
tor. God despises your unrepented sins
just as much as he despises the sins of
the prodigal in the far country.
Satan is no nearer being a Christian
gentleman for dressing himself in
broadcloth. The hangman's noose is no
less fatal for being deftly placed about
the doomed throat by white fingers
a-glitter with diamond rings. Because
you, oh, elder brother, stay at home
and live under your father's roof, that
is no reason why you may not be living
10,00 miles away from your father's
love. I do not believe there is a more
contemptible character painted in all
the word pictures of the Bible than this
cold blooded, unforgiving, sneering,
Carping elder brother, who was ready
to take every advantage he could over
his fellow men If he could only do so
without, disobeying the letter of the
law. nastead of being drunk with
'wine he was intoxicated with self con
cot and selfishness. inatead of being
a beggar or earning his bread by tend
ing swine he was ready to unkennel the
bloodhounds of vindictive rancor, which
would tear a repentant brother limb
from lhnll.
A Despleable Spirit.
The elder brother thinks that his Di
vine Father's house is not big enough
to hold two sons. ie feels that if his
brether is allowed to come back the re
turning prodigal will crowd him adt of
some room which rightfully belongs- to
him. ie says to himself: "There is
tiut drunken >afer of a boy. He has
taken bt~one half the property; now
helseaming baek to eat up Part of my
bMr. I know that father Is sto kid
hearted that he will 'give part of my
rightful Inheritance to this lazy spend
thrift, this boon companion of dissolute
characters. It be has spent his all,
then let him starve. That is just what
be-deserves. He has no right coming
back, to be a vampire upon my prop
ety ." So the selfsh elder brothers in
many of our large churches refuse to
let the prodigals come among them and
will not allow them to be received as
equals In their Father's house. They
seem to think that theadveut of the
poor and outcast means their own so
cial extinction and their spiritual de
basement.
Where can the despicable. pharisaic
al spirit of the elder brother be found
more conspicuous than in some of your
modern Sunday school classes? "Oh."
say the well dressed young girls of that
class, "You are not going to put that
'poor girl in our class. Why, it will
ruin the whole class! You can't expect
the daughters of millionaires to asso
elate with sewing girls even in a Sun
day school." Where can you find a
more despicable, pharisaical spirit than
in the missionary life of some of our
large city churches? There are many
large and wealthy churches that are
supporting missions in the foul slums
of the city, yet whose members would
not for one Instant allow the poor to
sit in their own, pews or kneel at their
communion tabies. And, mark you,
this pharisaical spirit of oiwl Is not Qaly
found amog the rich, but also among
the poor. Some years ago the Avon
dale tiurch of Cincinnati, of which the
R)e. Asttes P. Goss.-Is pastor tredl
to run a ýission mn the .slums Dr.
4wuis deeaed that that mission bad
to be alseqhoned because of the phar
isaical upirit whtch was to be found
there a° the poor There. even
Maimnthe tags and sis of poverty,
be found- there were clese Sintul
*em san women 'would not amseelate
*nt each ther beesuse some of the '
theeght their ;wn rags were a lttle
r sad be .ter th their ael
Vie.s * .So at thailuh tha aubreb
- the ve ysn _ea +d eeutempts
Wh ndgtbthe alt r . We
way injure their own social and spir
itual standing.
The Two Sons.
The elder brother never longs to sat
isfy t.e divine cravings of his fathefs
love. I have no sympathy with some
of the excuses that are made for that
prodigal son. I have no sympathy with
those who declare that young men are
led astray into the far country of sin
because they have generous impulses
and abnormal affections and therefore
cannot say no to the tempter. That
prodigal was an ingrate, every way you
take him. He was a selfish, contemapti.
ble, dissolute rake. No man is large
hearted who will take a friend to a
saloon or open a bottle of wine at a
club when in order to do it he makes
his own children go hungry and dress
in rags. No generous hearted young
man will go into the far country of sin
and recklessly squander his money
when at the same time he knows that
his old father is weeping at home. with
his eyes a fountain of tears; but, though
that younger son was a selfish, despi
cable character, the elder was just as
despicable. When the elder brother
heard the music which signaled the
parental joy over the repentant prod
igal's return; when he saw the eyes of
his father glistening with love and his
cheeks flushing with n holy thankful
ness, lie would have rejoiced for his
father's sake if he had not been s-lisb
and would not have tried to sta b the
old man to the heart. Did he not say
in effect: "Yes, we shall drive that dis
solute debafichee hack to his swine
trough. Then we can have the plens
ure of seeing father again restlessly
pacing the floor through the long,
weary hours of the night." Did he not
want to hear that dear, old, gentle, for
giving father again moan over his way
ward boy as David mourned over his
dead son Absalom?
If that elder brother had been the
right kind of a son, he would have seen
what joy came into the father's heart
at the return of his repentant son. He
would have immediately said: "What
difference does money make if I can
only make father happy? Away with
the question of dollars and cents If my
brother's return is only a true return."
So every Christian today, If he Is the
right kind of a Christian, does not
think about the social condition of his
repentant fellow man. He Immediately
says, when the publican bows at the
mercy seat: "Oh, the joy and the rap
ture of heaven. Oh. the look of tri
umphant love which is upon my Divine
Father's face. Oh, the celestial music
which In great tidal waves of sound is
rolling through the golden boulevards
of the New Jerusalem. Oh, the an
gelic voices in heaven which are every
were shouting the glad tidings: 'The
prodigal has returned! The prodigal
has returned to his Father's house'""
V. Leak of Fasths
The elder brother's conduct also
shows a lack of faith in ais father. H.
refuses to believe that his Divine Fa
ther's love is powerful enough Ito
change a sinner into a saint. Infdelity
often intriiiches Itself In the pew and
behind the ehurch plpiLt. Some chlargh
members, and some ministers of the
gospel, are only theorizing when they
profess to believe that Jesus Christ can
pardon sin. They profess to believe
that Christ can transform the seven
deviled Marys into the Marys who are
willing to sit at his feet and worship,
but these skeptical elder brothers go
forth into the great, wide, sinful world
and by their practical behavior scatter
their Ideal spiritual theories to the four
winds.
When the reformed drunkatd comae
home, they cry oet: "What 00tg40
o - that asp the or
the hoes? e. s , wi
ards. s to r lit ' ittie
while so that be may get some money
out of us and go forth on another
spree. ZDrive him out at once. Let
him go to the poorhouse, where he be..
longs." When the`young girl who has
led a dissolute life wants to lead a
pure life. Instead of Anding the willing
arms of forgiveness held out to her by
her elder sisters she thnds only the shut
doors of a contemptuous rebuke. Why?.
Because the cynical elder slsters do
not believe that n prodigal woman with
a black past can ever, even by divine
power, be changed into a sainted wom
an with a spotless future. The crim
inal has served his penitentiary term
and is liberated from the stone cell. Is
the gleat world at large ready to for
give him and reelve him beck into
honorable employment if he repents?
Oh. no! The elder brothers and elder
sistera are so bitter against the ex-con
victs that many a repentant one has
deliberately returned to his crimes be
cause he could earn a living in no oth
er way. When 'a visiting minister.
some years ago, asked as convi t" if he
wotid not like ti be free. this answer
was given: "Why should I want to be
free? Is the bodesg world ready to re
.ceive me with an outstretched hand of
love? No. In the world's eyes the
striped s.at of the tonvict always cov
ers a'beart of total depravity., Because
I have once done wrong the: world is
never wilhing to believe that I am will
ing to do right. I must always live an
outcast. 1 must tie a criminal." My
brothers and sisters, can It be possible
that we do not believe that the love of
God Is powerful- ugh to save men?
Can it be possible that you and I do
not believe the lomnipotent hand of
Christ is able to lift the vilest of sin
neou eat of ther'isn if they will only
#ea&h up for that lvlng hand? Can
we sothave *atheart as much faith in
Oaisfs poilk` ti save a repentant
whit. man asohbert Moffat had in
4rist's power to save a repentant
b C atan? WQUId that we might all
tour ea iia wtth the prodigal son
be lie. hat -teft Arican misslonary
when h-e .te *sn the white leat of
a yedes sidgs plbum these spggqstivi
To point to worlds, both bright and fab,
And see the pagans bow in prayer
I. all my soul's delight.
The elder brother does not reallsi
fully that his Divine Father is show
ing more magnanimity in bearing with
his respectable meanness than in wel
coming back the repentent prodigal
boy. I feel sorry for the wife who is
married to a drunkard or to a gambler
or to a dissolute clubman. That must
be a crushing cross for a mother to car
ry for the sake of her children-to feel
that for the baby's welfare she must
associate with a man from whom the
law courts of the land would give her
a divorce if she only presented her evi
dence. But, though this may be true,
I feel almost as sorry for a wife who
has to live with one of those cross
grained. sneering, irritating, fault find
ing, jealous husbands who are wearing
out and sapping away the life and hap
piness of many a home-I mean a wife
who has to live with one of these heart
less, brutal men who go around with
soft voices and smiling faces and yet
are as merciless as a hornet thrusting
a sting; I mean a wife who has to live
with a man who considers every day
wasted unless he is able to overreach
somebody and yet will dry the over
reaching in such a polite and doferen
tial way that his victim can say noth
ing and have no recourse to justice.
But there is no need of my going on
and further describing this hypocritical
class. You have a representation of
that class in the character of the elder
brother. He is to be seen everywhere.
He is to be seen inside the church as
well as outside. And yet the good fa
ther in the parable of the prodigal son
was ready to speak just as lorgivingly
to his elder son as to the younger.
The Father's Forgiveness.
The other day a Berson asked me
what I considered the most beautiful
sentence in the parable. This was my
answer: "It is not to be found in the
good father's dealings with the youn
ger, but with the elder, son. When the
servant came in and told the good fa
ther that his elder boy was acting un
filially and unbrotherly, the father did
not lose his patience. He did not send
a peremptory command to his elder
son to come to him at once, as he had
a right to do, but, as a servant, he left
the banquet ball. He went out into
the darkness of the night and placed
his arm gently about his sinful elder
son's neck, as he answered in a plead
ing, yearning voice, 'Son, thou art ever
with me, and all that I have is thine.'
That is as much as to say: 'My boy,
my dear boy, I am not trying to do you
any injustice. I shall not take away
any of your inheritance. All that I have
is yours. What I long for is for the
love and the purity of my children. I
want my two boys to be always by my
side. Come, my child; come back to
your father's love. Come back into the
old homestead which I have prepared
for you.' " Oh, that answer to me is
beautiful! That answer is the sweet
est, gentlest, most loving and yet most
pleading rebuke ever spoken by the
lips of any of the characters of the
Bible. That is a Christ love pleading
for you and for me to come into, the
Father's house and nestle as a lamb
In his bosom.
But, after all, the most impressive
part of the elder brother's history is
the abrupt way In which the parable
ends. There is no doubt the younger.
son was forgiven. No doubt the repent
ant prodigal was able to enjoy the rest
and the home pleasures of the father's
house. But how about that cynical,
self satisfied and complaining elder
brother?. Did he ask forgiveness of
his father? Did he go into the ban
Oet where the feast was being eel.
*Ated? I d. net know. I cannot tell.
`'b. parable peds with the earnest plea
Ot the father. We muost take the rest
as we will. Personally I have my
doubts about the salvation of that eld
er brother. It Is sometimes far easier
for the sinner-down In the slums to
come to Christ than foe the rich son
living in a luxurious palace. A Lon
don missionary was one night called up
to go to a dying girl. This wayward
child at the time was living in a disso
lute house. When the missionary en
tered the room, he found a sinful sis
ter holding in her arms the head of
the dying girl, and she was saying:
"Jennie, It Is all right. Put your love
and trust in Jesus. He died for just
ech 'sinful girls as we are. Jennie, put
your faith In Jesus Christ." Yes, we
can all feel that Christ died for the
prodigal son, hbt it is awfully hard
for some of the sinful elder brothers
and sisters to feel that it was neces
sary for Jesus Christ to die for them
and their sins. My elder brother In
sin, are you going to stay out of your
Father's house? Are you going to re
fuse to put your faith in Christ and
come Into the marriage banquet of the
Lamb?
Mr. Moody tells the story of a sol
dier dying in one of the field hospitals
of the civil war. The soldier sent for
his chaplain to come to help him in the
hour of death. Mr. Moody said, "I
wish I could help you die In peace, but
Christ alone can help you do that."
Then Mr. Moody read to him from his
Bible passage after passage until he
came to one of the sweetest verses of
all, "As Moses lifted up the serpent In
the wilderness, even so must the Son
of Man be lifted up, that whosoever be
lieveth on him should not perish, but
have everlasting life." The dying man
at that point cried: "Stor! Is that
there? Oh, I did not know that was in
the Bible. Please read those few words
again." Then the dying man Just pil
lowed his head upon that promise and
went to sleep In the arms of Christ to
wake amid the hosannas of heaven.
Elder brothers and elder sisters, will
you look to that cross today which I
lift up? Will you hear the gospel invi
tat Whowch is given to you to come in
to your Father's house? Will you here
*ad now sit down by Christ and by the
dof your repentant prodigal broth-