The Attitude of The Knights of Hie Ku
Klux Klan Toward The Roman
Catholic Hierarchy
By Dr. H. W. Evans
Imperial Wizard, Knights of the Kn
Klux Klan.
Upon no one subject is the public
less informed or more in error con
cerning our position, then that of re
ligious tolerance.
The Knights of the Ku Klu Klan
have for their position the absolutely
American one of entire tolerance of
all religious faiths, ami the complete
independence of religion from State
control.
The right to worship God according
to the dictates of one’s own conscience
is necessarily one of the fundamental
principles of human liberty. In the
protection of this right in all its
purity to the people of any country
it is absolutely necessary that the
state be permitted no interference in
matters of religion.
Troubles which past civilizations
have encountered have been almost
without exception of a religious na
ture, and the dividing line between re
ligious authority and governmental
authority has been the rock upon
which these civilizations have been
wrecked and relegated to history.
In protecting to all the people of
this country their right to absolute
freedom of worship we find ourselves
in the anomalous position of requiring
religious devotees to abstain from re
ligious meddling in matters of state
for their own protection.
It is an axiomatic fact that if the
state has no right to interfere in
matters of religion, and is separate
and distinct therefrom, religions and
religious differences and causes must
not be injected into matters of state.
The forces of Protestantism In
America are singularly free from men
who endeavor to use their church in
fluences in matters of state or politics.
The great Protestant Churches stamp
with stern disapproval all efforts to
embroil them in political matters. The
Knights of the Ku Klux Klan, as a
Protestant men’s organization, re
gards the stand of the Protestant
Churches as essential to the safety
and perpetuity of American freedom.
Our organization has been viciously
attacked by the Roman Catholic
hierarchy because of its stand for the
separation of Church and State. The
individual Klansman recognizes the
right of the individual Catholic to
worship God, pope, or idol, as he sees
fit. hut the claim of the pope that he
Is God’s divinely appointed, supreme
representative on earth, complicates
the Roman Catholic situation through
out this country.
Catholic Political Unity
The age old chimera of the su
premacy nnd the dominance of the
pope over states no longer has force,
not even in Catholic Italy, but the
continued adherence to this doctrine
indicates that the Roman Catholic
hierarchy is ever struggling for politi
cal dominance through religious ac
tivity.
Jesus Christ answered this question
of Church and State when he enun
ciated his well-known doctrine of
“Render unto Caesar the things that
are Caesar’s, and unto God the things
that are God’s/’
It is a significant fact that In mat
ters of politics the Roman Catholic
Church stands peculiarly united.
There is no fair-minded person in
all America who will not acknowledge
this fact, and this makes necessary
our attitude supporting Christ’s prin
ciple of rendering to the State alle
giance first in matters of state and
unto God allegiance always in mat
ters of religion.
The Knights of the Ku Klux Klan
hold that if the doctrines of the Catho
lic Church is that the pope is God’s
divinely appointed representative on
earth, and his the right of control over
states, that doctrine is dangerous to
this or any other free country.
We believe this to be the real doc
trine of the Roman Catholic hier
archy. Their actions down through
the ages, their written pronounce
ments and spoken words, ever have
been in line with this belief of ours.
We hold that the Roman Catholic, if
he honestly believes the Pope to be
God’s divinely appointed agent over
all the earth, over all governments
and peoples on earth, would hold first
allegiance to the Pope and then alle
giance to America.* If we believed as
they do, that would be the line of our
allegiance. We do not believe it, and
are not willing that persons partici
pating in governmental affairs in this
country should hold official positions
without first acknowledging an unfal
tering allegiance to the government
under which they hold office. Adher
ence to this fallacious Roman Catho
lic doctrine produces an intolerable
situation and much trouble seems in
store for America until the complete
separation of Church and State for
•ver has been established.
We should advance this doctrine for
the believer in the superiority of the
pope over the St«r.e that he take no
part in the affairs of a Government
which he is prepared to support to
the uttermost.
The Knights of the Ku Klux Klan
do not believe that persons of Roman
Catholic faith necessarily are un
patriotic, or in any way inferior to
people of other beliefs, but we do hold
that a system of Church government
which claims dominance over state
governments is dangerous to the state.
It is a significant fact, borne out by
the pages of history, that the effort of
the Roman Catholic hierarchy in the
past to dominate state affairs has led
to more wars and more unhappiness
throughout Christendom than any and
all other causes for seven hundred
years. In this country ft is ideas and
votes, rather than sword, battle-axa
or gun, with which we fight.
Will Oppose Catholic Interferes#
The Knights of the Ku Klux Klan
make this solemn pronouncement
that until such time as the Roman
Catholic hierarchy announces Christ's
doctrine of supremacy of State over
Church in governmental affairs, we
shall steadfastly oppose the political
Interference of Roman Catholic or-
Jinizations in political matters in
merica. If this is to bring upon us
the heavy weight of Catholic per
secution it is a cross which we will
bear.
We must enunciate and steadfastly
strive to inculcate the wonderful prin
ciples, simple and sublime, which are
contained in our American Constitu
tion, and from which all the liberty
loving people of the world have
found their inspiration.
America was changed from a wil
derness without people to the great
est country on earth with more than
* a hundred million inhabitants, by men
of dependable character and sterling
worth who wanted the right to wor
ship God without interference from
their government.
In a country founded by men like
this, upon principles which forever
' ought to secure for them the blessings
of pure liberty, we are called upon to
battle for the perpetuity of our sacred
institutions.
Why is America the greatest na
tion on earth? It is because every
loyal citizen holds himself accountable
, to Almighty God for his actions, and
i holds himself amenable in every par
ticular for service to the United States
of America.
We cannot allow any world-wide
system of religious teaching, highly
organized and entirely secret, to gain
control of the free cnannela of gov
ernment in America. The free public
school system of America is the sin
gular God-given instrument with
which the forces of superstition, ig
norance and fanaticism have been
beaten to their knees; and any man
of any sect, anywhere, who lends his
voice, his money, or nis influence to
the suppression or hindrance of this
great educational system is an enemy
to this country and ought not to be
permitted to preach h doctrine sub
versive of its principles.
We have had too much tolerance in
America for things that are destruc
tive and ideas that are pernicious. For
citizens of this country we should hold
no hatred, malice or ill-will, but for
ideas that are destructive of our sa
cred liberties we should hold abhor
rence, and should sternly take our
stand against their promulgation, and
should take such steps as will protect
the people from these hurtful theories
and false principles. If this be re
ligious intolerance, the Knights of the
Ku Klux Klan bid the thinking pub
lic of America make the most of it.
I have this to say: I do not know the
religious affiliation of the President of
this great nation today, but if he were
a Roman Catholic we would have to
regret the intrusion of the' Roman
Catholic organizations into matters of
state in every corner of our land. A
block vote in America is a dangerous
thing, and that is the trend of the
times today.
Alien Immigration
A large number among the vast
horde of immigrants who have reached
our shores in the last thirty years
have been Catholics. Another large
Sercentage of this horde have been
ews. In Protestant America we must
have time to teach these alien peo
ples the fundamental principles of
human liberty before we permit fur
ther masses of ignorant, superstitious,
religious devotees to come within our
borders.
When America ceases to be a coun
try inhabited by Americans and be
comes the ~*oly£lot center of the uni
verse, our vmmgled populations will
have no fixed ideas as to what human
liberty means nor the responsibility
which freedom entails upon the peo
ple who enjoy it, and our free institu
tions will collapse.
From every angle our country and
its Institutions are In danger, and no
danger is greater or more destructive
than the infiltration of peoples and
ideas which are not American.
Too long, from a place of fancied se
curity, we have watched the growth
of a liberalism which bids fair within
a decade to become license, and when
a population, feeling no responsibility
for fundamental principles, gets a
wrong perspective, countries lose
their liberty, civilizations pass, and
the sea of time again has upon Its
shores the wreck of human endeavors.
To Uphold Americanism
For the Roman Catholic as a man
we are sorry, for the Roman Catholic
hierarchy as a semi-political religious
organization we have an antipathy
bred into us from the loins of our
forefathers, the men who conquered
the wilderness and built a nation, and
set ablaze the beacon fires of liberty
that all the world might see by that
light the true road to happiness.
The Knights of the Ku Klux Klan
pledge themselves now and forever to
stand between our oountry and any
agency, anywhere, which seeks to lay
its hands upon our Holy American in
stitutions.
Papiats Down School Bonds
Wallace, Texas—The Roman Catho
lic vote here has just defeated a bond
issue for additional school buildings.
The Americans and a few Protestant
Bohemians voted for the measure.
The Catholics are buying up all
property adjacent to their church and
it is said they propose building an
extensive school system of their own
designed to curtail and altogether
suppress the public schools here.—
Fellowship Forum.
‘‘KLAN MAT MEBT AS LONG AS
I AM CITY MAYOR"
Cleveland, Ohio. (Special.)—The
following excarpta are taken from a
speech, on the floor, by Mayor Kohler,
in reply to one made by Finkle, in
which the Mayor waa criticised for
not enforcing an ordinance recently
passed by the council:
"HI tell yon Just where I stand on
the Ka Klux Klan. If you think I
am going to enforce or txy to enforce
anv flimsy old ordinance passed by
this council, you are mistaken.
"It is not my duty as Mayor to
S revent any meeting as long as it
oesnt violate any law or valid ordi
nance. If there are any violations, it
is your simple duty, Mr. Finkle, to go
down to the prosecutor and present
your facts.
"I don’t intend to tag along after
anybody to find out what they are
doing. I’m not going to do it, for you
or anybody else, Mr. Finkle.
"And I’m not going to permit the
police of this city to craitl down chim
neys, ‘bust* open doors or break in
windows to find out what is going on.
I’m not going to do it.
"I ask you, Mr. Finkle, if you know
of any violations of any valid ordi
nance to product your proof in my
office tomorrow morning. Then I'll
act
"I don’t have any more right to
break into a Ku Klux meeting than
I have to break into a Knights of
Pythias, Masons, Hibernian, Knights
of Cohunbos or Hebrew organisation
meeting.
“I am not a member of the Ku Klux
Klan end I am not a member of any
Hebrew organization, and I don't
know what they do in their meetings,
and I don’t intend to excita myself in
trying to find out just because there
is a flimsy ordinance on the books.
“I am sorry I cant agree with Mr.
Finkle, but I am Mayor of the whole
city, not the Mayor of a few, and I
intend to look out for everybody as
long as I am Mayor.
“I am sorry that this talk disturbed
the discipline of the council meeting,
Mr. President, but I believe from the
applause the most of the people be
lieve as I do and not with Mr. Finkle.
“Let Mr. Finkle furnish his proof
to the police prosecutor and not best
around the bush. Any organization,
the Ku Klux included, can meet in
Cleveland so long as I am Mayor, un
less it violates the law and then is
the time to get excited.” —The Search
light.
Negro Leader Tells
His Race to Take
Control of Virginia
Would Have Colored Popula
tion Concentrate Here
to Win Rule
Washington—That the negro race
should concentrate on some geograph
ical spot where it can gain economic
control and that Virginia “belonging
to it by settlement and inheritance,’’
is the logical spot for the plan to be
executed is the recommendation for
progress made before the Negro Na
tional Education Congress here to
night by the Rev. Henry J. Callis, pas
tor of the Metropolitan Wesley Afri
can Methodist Episcopal Zion Church,
of this city, and vice president of the
congress.
“This Congress is meeting here,”
Callis declared, “to work out a plan
for the progress of the negro race and
to devise means of securing rights
that are bound to be respected. The
only way we can do this is to concen
trate in some geographical spot where
we can gain political control. Of all
the states In the Union there is but
one that absolutely belongs by settle
ment and inheritance to the Negro
race, and that is the old Common
wealth of Virginia. It is* ours, and
every Negro in America can trace his
inheritance back there.
“It should be our duty to see that
Virginia is brought to its highest
state of development, and that such
advantage is taken of its natural re
sources to gain for us not only the
economic but the political control
also.” —The Searchlight.
The Immigrati
The word went forth that the de
mands of sundry Eastern capitalists
for a relaxation of tha immigration
law and tha admission of more “com
mon labor,” was not to be granted by
the expiring session of Congress.
The next Congress will probably
work out some solution of the ques
tion before the present “three per oent
law” terminates in 1924. Tnat the
new legislators will throw down the
barriers to another alien influx is very
unlikely, they will be too close upon
the next national election. Certain
sordid interests who talk about need
ing “800,000 more immigrants this
spring,” will therefore have to learn
to fish for profits without asking the
American people tn bait their nooks
with its own flesh.
Even the worm will turn. Let there
be no mistake about it, the long suf
fering citizens of the United States
have turned also. It will be a remote
year when again 1,218,000 aliens are
landed on our shores as in 1914, or
1,285,000 (the record number) in 1907.
It is no longer a question whether
the civilization of certain Central
European or Eastern countries is in
the abstract superior or Inferior to
our own, it is that of settling whether
America, having been made a great
success by Nordic settlers, is to be so
swamped by the non-Nordics, that
her culture and Institutions will repre
sent a mere hodge-podge and mon
grellzatlon of every kind of human
element.
We are forming pretty correct judg-
Nebraska Senate Reconsiders
Anti-Ku Klux Measure
Lincoln, Nebr.—Once again another
body of lawmakers have taken the
stand that free speech is still permis
sible in this goon old country of ours.
Yesterday afternoon without a dis
senting vote the Nebraska State Sen
ate voted to indefinitely postpone the
Strehlow antl-Ku Klux Klan bill,
house roll 66.
This bill proposed to wipe the Klan
out of existence in the state by mak
ing membership in it or participation
in its ceremonies a felony, and deny
ing a pardon to those convicted. This
bill was introduced in the house by
Representative Robert Strehlow of
Douglas county. It was read first time
January 10, read second time January
11 and passed the house by a small
majority a few days later. A num
ber of representatives have since stat
ed they voted for the bill under a mis
apprehension. By their action the
Senate tells to the world that the con
stitution of the United States still
holds good in the state of Nebraska.
In taking this action Nebraska lines
up with other loyal American states
where the true principles of Kluxion
have been acknowledged. The
Searchlight.
Threatening Letters Signed
“K.K.K.” Sent by Prisoners
Honolulu, March 28 (By Associated
Press). —A trail of threatening letters
signed “KJLK.” which have been re
ceived recently by prominent citizens
of Honolulu have been traced to Oah
Erieon, according to an announcement
y police today. The police say that
Patti Palma, serving a life term, and
Wallace Jones, serving five yean for
assault, have confessed writing the
letters as the outgrowth of personal
grudges. Minneapolis Morning
Tribune.
Industrial Oppres
sion Charged
in Drives
Methods of Executives in Col
lecting From Employees
Resented
Washington, Feb. 8 (Capital News
Service). —Oppressive methods in con
nection with securing subscriptions to
“drives” of all kinds, as practiced by
employers, executives, and foremen,
are charged by indignant employee# of
many corporations.
A city decides upon a “united char
ities campaign drive” to finance for a
year ail the various organizations
which attend to its needy and charit
able cases. An amount to be raised
is decided upon, and large employers
of labor are solicited to aid. A com
mon practice is tha printing and dis
tribution of blanks, which the em
ployees are solicited to fill out with
pledges, the amount of the pledge to
be subtracted from their wages or
piece-work earnings in stated
amounts.
Foremen and executives then trace
up each employee and hector him or
her into making subscriptions, it be
ing hinted that promotion may depend
upon the employee’s “generosity. ,
Employees thus forced to “give”
have no say in the distribution of the
money, and frequently find that it is
inequitably divided, as was the case
in Akron, Ohio, which recently raised
$347,000, which was pro-rated as fol
lows: Charity Organization League,
$45,000; Catholic Service League,
$45,000; Jewish Social Service. $24,-
000; city hospital, $20,000; children’s
hospital, $35,000; Y. M. C. A., $35,000;
Y. W. C. A., $30,000; Red Ctoss, $lO,-
000; Union Mission, $15,000; Boy
Scouts, $10,000; Girl Scouts, $4,800;
Crittenden Home, $6,200; Travelers’
Aid, $4,500; Community House, $3,-
000; Salvation Army, $15,000; ex
penses and 1922 defaults, $44,500.
Some employees so resented the
methods employed to force them to
“give,” that they resigned their posi
tions.—New Menace.
Note—ldentically the same tactics
have been employed in promoting the
Minneapolis community fund.
IN WHICH WE MAKE
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
Attention has been called to a typo
graphical error appearing in a news
item from Seattle with reference to
the membership of Seattle Klan. The
membership should have been given
as 20,000 but through error was set
out as 2,000.
The two-thousand mark has been
passed long ere “W. Heard” returned
to the Imperial City from the Pacific
Northwest. We are sorry the mistake
occurred, and admit It due to proof
reading.—The Searchlight.
on Bar Stands
mants now as to why old Rome per
ished. We know It was not mere
“luxury,” as was once the stock ex
planation; it was very largely be
cause the old Italian stock which sup
plied the victorious legionaires, was
crowded out and swamped by aliens
(mostly Orientals) attracted to Rome,
to the great ruin of public stamina
and morals. Ran the oft quoted lines
of the poet Juvenal, “The Syrian
Orontes has long since poured into the
Tiber with Its lingo and its manners.”
America has no desire to go the way
of Rome.
Whether the proposed legislation to
settle the issue by fixing upon a two
percent quota based on the census of
1890, is the wisest possible, can be
threshed out in due time. A distin
guished professor of sociology has
been quoted lately as saying that the
way to settle the question was prac
tically to shut down on all immigra
tion whatever for at least ten years,
because the much abused "melting
pot’’ already contained more crude ma
terial than it could possible fuse.
In 1914, we now realize, the coun
try was drifting upon a great peril,
though only dimly aware of its dan
ger. Then the war held up immigra
tion, and the Bolshevik agitation
opened our eyes. We have awakened
late, but not too late to turn back
a vast national menace. The dispo
sition of the immigration problem will
be the most fundamental task await
ing the next Congress.—Minneapolis
Journal, 8-26-23.
That is the way it turns out all the
time. First chargee are made against
the Ku IQux Klan. and then proof that
no foundation whatever existed for
the charges.
DEFINITIONS
Mayor—A public official who can
see no evil, hear no evil, taste, smell
or feel no evil; who knows that gam
bling isn’t going on when it is; who,
when elected by the decent, law-abid
ing citizens, sits calmly by while vice
and crime run riot, and smiles while
he repeats: “Day by day. in every
way, this city is growing better and
better.”
Note: Applies also to Chief of
Police.
Bigot—A Protestant who dares
criticize Rome for putting on a world
wide and age-old program for the ex
termination of au heretics; or who
interferes in the least with the ef
forts of Rome to own and control the
world, to force all men to think as
she does, and to populate by her
priestly powers heaven and hell.
T r e a s o n—Any positive stand
against bootleggers, libertines, gam
blers, anarchists and other remunera
tive agencies that are now support
ing the crooked District Attorneys
and their confederates in public office,
especially if these agencies be com
posed of Protestant white Americans
mud badsheeti
Mer Rouge—A smell town in
Louisiana where a million turtles end
twice as many gars and eels will calm
ly swim over two perfectly “eatable**
bodies (except for the embalming
fluids contained) for one hundred ana
twenty days without a nibble. See
newspapers for further particulars.
Radical—A man who tells the truth
on vicious men, who exposes wicked
mud contaminating institutions and
agencies, who refuses to back up the
propaganda of the modern daily pa
pers, and who would rather see his
mother-in-law given an extra tongue
(at the meat market) than to stand
silent in the face of the foes that are
today threatening his nation and his
nation’s God.—Bob Schuler’s Maga
zine.
Alabama Klantmcn
Hear Bastrop Cyclops
Birmingham, Ala., March SO.—
Captain J. K. Skipwith, generally rec
ognized exalted cyelops of the Ku
Klux Klan at Bastrop, La., and one
of the central figures in the develop
ments in the Louisiana community re
cently, addressed Birmingham klans
men last night. While no details were
given out regarding his address, it
was stated that he gave a history of
the affair at Bastrop, much of which
proved contradictory to many of the
stories sent out at the time of the
occurrence.—The Minneapolis Journal.
Call to Chicago’
For School Facts
Ella Flagg Young helped start the
school board to Tease our public
schools to our enemy. Our committee
from Constitution No. 118, G. of L.,
went to investigate. Their report was
astonishing. Two of our most needed
schools have been turned over to the
crowd of Micks. Why can’t you put
in a call for information regarding
the school situation in Chicago? The
K. K. K. claim 1,500 members right
by the one school I’m mostly inter
ested in. The Old Ray school on Ken
wood Avenue and 57tn Street.
Ella Flagg Young allowed it to be
condemned—a new one was built about
two blocks away which won’t nearly
accommodate the children, a great
many go only one-half day. The Old
Ray school house was closed for two
years or more and then the painters
and repair men got busy and it looked
like a red band wagon and over the
door it reads: “St, Thomas Parochial
School!” If this school was fit for use
why and by whom was it condemned?
All our neighborhood are indignant.
No doubt our school board paid for
all repairs, etc., and our investigation
committee went each meeting and
Father Carroll or Father Shannon was
there one stormy day when few were
expected.
One of our committee asked him
in what way he was interested in the
public school and he said he came
to get the lease (or rental) reduced
on the Ray school. The Klan are so
strong here why can’t you print the
dope on that and if you’d call for in
formation I’m sure you’d get stuff that
would make the rest of the papers
look tame.
Now, Chicago folks, get busy! Let’s
have the facts.—The New Menace,
12-23-22.
Hats Off
To Alabama
Following is one of a series of resolutions
serves* as a basis for certain bills to
be introduced at the present term of
the state legislature to effectively pro
tect Alabama from the growing evil
of foreign influence and to advance
the welfare of the public schools as
the bulwark of constitutional liberty.
Similar resolutions could well be in
troduced in every legislative body in
the United States, including our Na
tional Congress. They were prepared
under the direction of the Union Order
United American Mechanics of Ala
bama.
WHEREAS, the lessons of history
recount the direful effects that have
attended government in all ages of
the world when and where there has
been a union of Church and State;
among such effects being the dwarf
ing of the soul-aspirations of teeming
millions of people whom God had
created in His own image and who
were entitled in thalr own right as
human beings to choose for them
selves how they shall worship their
Creator, without the direction of the
civil powers under which they lived;
and
WHEREAS, the founders of the
American nation sought these shores
to escape from the persecutions and
iniquities suffered by them in attempt
ing to exercise the right which had
been denied them to “worship God
according to the dictates of their con
sciences, and the forefathers of the
Republic, true to a spirit of liberty
that redeemed mankind from oppres
sion for religion’s sake in many parts
of the world, have written into the
constitution of the United States a
solemn inhibition against any possible
union of State and Church for the Na
tion as a whole; and furthermore
caused each and several of the sov
ereign states of this nation to write
into their respective constitutions a
similar inhibition against union of
Church and State; and
WHEREAS, the principle has been
established that the federal govern
ment and the governments o{ the sov
ereign states may proceed to and
should take such measures as to safe
guard and make effective in such ways
as they can this most glorious priv
ilege vouchsafed a free people; and
WHEREAS, It is a fact that a sus
picion is abroad in our land that effort
is being made to undermine and ren
der null and void the inhibition
against union of Church and State in
the national government and in the
several state governments; therefore
be it
RESOLVED, That we petition the
legislature of Alabama at its 1923
session, to adopt a statute requiring,
in addition to the oaths of office re
quired to be taken and subscribed to
by public officers in the state of Ala
bama, as now provided in Section 279
of the constitution of Alabama, 1901,
and as provided in Section 1475 of the
code of Alabama, 1901, with suitable
penalties for a violation thereof, the
taking of the subjoined oath, to-wit:
"I do solemnly
swear, without equivocation or mental
reservation, that I am not a member
of, nor affiliated with, nor associated
with any organization, society, sect,
or body, by whatsoever name called,
which has in its constitution, rules,
creeds, laws, teachings, principles or
practices, any advocacy or claim of the
right of control of State by Church,
or of the control of affairs of Stats
by any other power or agency than
the will of the people as expressed bv
the vote of its citizens through offi
cers of its legislative, judicial and
executive departments.”
World Traveler Tells of Life fi
and Customs of Nations Where
Roman Catholicism Holds Sway
Ignorance and Superstition in Mexico and South American
Countries Due to Priestly Grip on the Lives
of the Inhabitants.
Colonel Mayfield:
Your great weekly and other patri
otic papers, together with the great
and noble fraternal order, the Knights
of the Ku Klux Klan, art going to
save this country from so-called Ro
man hierarchy. I have traveled over
the world for fifty yean and let me
tell you that pagan church ia founded
on idolatry, superstition and false
hood.
I have seen more idolatry in those
churches here in the states than I
have seen in Hindoo temples in India
or among the half civilized Kaffirs of
Africa. 1 have been in twenty-six
places where the Virgin Mary ap
peared and they have built costly
shrines from money collected from
their ignorant dupes to commemorate
the event. I have seen in their
churches over the world enough relics
of saints to fill a dozen plots in a
graveyard, also enough pieces of the
original cross to bulla an eight-room
bungalow. All these lies are told by
the priests and their ignorant dupes
believe them. The Roman Catholics
have been fed on lies so long they
would rather believe a lie than the
truth. No one can realise the debas
ing, corrupting force of that cursed
religion unless they have lived in a
Roman Catholic country. I spent two
years in Mexico; look at the awful
condition after four hundred years of
priestcraft and no schools, eighty per
cent are illegitimate. The drunken
grafters charge so much to marry the
peons, they are too poor to pay it, so
they take women and live with them.
Eighty-seven per cent can neither read
nor write. Sundays are spent in cock
fighting, gambling and bull-fights. 1
have seen priests acting as referees
in a cockpit after “Howly Maas” in
Mexico and other South American
countries. I have seen notices posted
in the churches in Mexico and Brazil
advertising for “raffles” at one dol
lar each for the holy souls In purga
tory. It reads, “Will you for the
small sum of one dollar let your loved
ones suffer forever in the flames of
purgatory.” The winner turns the
money over to the priest, names his
dear ones in the burning pit, and the
lying swindler gets them out. Are the
Hindoos in India in deeper darkness
and superstition who worship the
cobra, the most poisonous reptile in
the world, next to Roman Catholi
cism ? Mexico was settled by Spanish
Roman Catholics and priests. A
prominent Mexican said, “The Span
ish robbed us of our homes, debauched
our women, murdered our sons. All
they left us aa a heritage was the
priest, the prostitute, cock fights and
the bull ring." •
I spent six years in South Amerioa,
and found a religious intolerance
nearly as great as that of Spain in the
days of the inquisition. They pray to
f minted idols instead of Christ, abso
utely lost in idolatry aa pitiable as
that I have seen in India or the Fiji
Islands. Christ tho mediator between
man and God is assumed by the
priests. The priests are leaders in im
morality and their despotism makes
anything else impossible. They are
notoriously wicked, drunken, degrad
ed and illiterate. Go where you will
and the Roman church is corrupt. In
Peru and Brazil it has held sway for
four hundred years unmolested, yet
there is all the ignorance, superstition
and idolatry that is to be found in the
heart of Africa. Held down by a li
centious priesthood, the people are de
prived of the Gospel and a miserable
form of idolatry substituted for it.
The priests are open and above board
with their iniquity while in the states
they confine it to convents and monas
teries.
I was in Lima, Peru, in ’B7 when
thirteen priests were arrested for a
crime you have to hold your Angers
to your nose when you mention it. I
have a pamphlet In Spanish giving an
account of the filthy affair. Dozens
of young boys ruined. Were the
priests punished? Not on your life;
they were sent out of Peru into other
parts of priest-ridden South America
to carry on their vile work.
I was surprised when Hans Schmidt,
the priest, was electrocuted after se
ducing Anna Armuller, cut her throat
with a butcher knife and threw her
dismembered body Into the river. I
wonder If the Knights of K. C. will
mention this little affair when they
write their history of America. There
is a hole In the wall near the gate at
the entrance. Nunes bring babies,
born mostly out of wedlock, place
them in the hole, ring a bell and nuns
take them into the convent. Many die
through ill treatment and neglect.
A close friend of mine who hid a
book store in the dty and also had
in stock Catholic goods, told me that
his store was the center for priests
and he heard the gossip from the con
vent. If you knew tne sin that ia
carried on In these slave pens where
the priests have absolute control it
would chill your blood. Corpus Christ!
is the most sacred day of the whole
year in all Catholic countries. In the
forenoon mass is held in all churches.
Afternoons are spent in bull fights,
cock fights and gambling.
I spent a Corpus Christ! in La Paa,
Bolivia. I saw a religious (?) per
formance that would make a heethsn
Hindoo in India bhuh for shame. As
early as 4 o’clock in the morning the
bells commenced to toll and continued
nntil 10, then they had a mock cruci
fixion of Christ The cathedral was
filled. A man entered carrying on his
shoulders a large cross, representing
Christ, followed by three men who
were lashing him on the way to the
attar. After binding the Imposter to
the cross and as they raised it erect,
a priest took a crown of thorns filled
with blood and placed it on the man’s
head, valves opened and the red liquid
poured over his face and body. Tliey
followed the pagan sin offering mass.
After mass urn idols are taken from
the cathedral, placed on platforms
and carried through the streets on
men’s shoulders. Everyone are on
their kneee with hats off. I stood
back from the crowd with mv hat ou.
A native came to me, pointed a stilet
to at my heart and said in Spanish.
“Take off your hat yon heretic, and
go down on vour kneee." I obeyed at
once, crossed myself and was the most
devout CathoUc in Bolivia.
I was in the Argentine - Republic
when they separated church from
state. The government started nor
mal schools and brought out great
numbers of American teachers, edu
cated hi normal schools in the states.
About the time, these schools were
opening, Mttari, the papal delegate
to the republic, issued a circular to
the parents of children stating that if
they sent them to these Godleaa
schools they would be ex-communi
cated. The minister of education and
President Rocha ordered Matari to
leave the country in twenty-four
hours. He got. No Roman Catholic
religion ia permitted to be taught in
the public schools. Since then the re
public has gone ahead by leaps and
bounds. Bishop Stunts, who is head
of the Methodist missions ou the west
coast of South America, says 30 per
cent of the people have left the Cath
olic church.
From the Philippines 1 went to
Vladivostok, thirteen days through Si
beria and Russia to Moscow. Look
at the awful condition of Russia after
centuries of Catholicism, with no
Bibles and no achoola. Ikons, ikons,
(idols) everywhere in all public
places, in every peasant’s home there
ia an altar. When he goes out and
when he comes in he crosses himself
before it.
A man in Moscow told me the
priests swindle and rob the peasants
out of large sums of money to bless
their land so that they will have good
cropp. The lower class in Russia are
absolutely ignorant. The head of ths
church in Russia is dead. Now the
pope, vicar of Christ, is trying to
bring the Russian people into nis fold.
The idolatry throughput Russia and
South America is pitiful, but the most
pitiful and most abhorrent is the
wafer God. What the cross of Christ
is to the Christian that is the pagan
mass to the papist. Jnst think, here
in the states, a land of public schools
and education, you will find people
who believe a priest can convert bread
and wine into the real body and blood
of Christ. Popery takes away the
work of salvation out of the handa of
Christ and puts it in the hands of
priests.
I was in Havana, Cuba, when a most
horrible crime was committed by a
priest, who had eight innocent boys
from 12 to 16 years of age cruelly
shot.
Near Colon cemetery is a college
where the sons of wealthy Cubans at
tend. One day forty-two of the stu
dents were in the cemetery. It has
been the custom to Inlay in the head
stone a portrait of the deceased cov
ered with glasa. One of the students
had a diamond ring on his finger. An
other student chaffed him and said it
was not a diamond, if it was it would
cut glass. The boy innocently made
a scratch on the glass. In the mean
time a priest saw him and set up a
fanatical howl. “Oh, the Cuban stu
dents are desecrating the holy Catho
lic cemetery.’’ Through the ignorant
cab drivers the rumor spread through
the city and in one hour the priest had
gathered a mob of twenty thousand.
The forty-two students wore all ar
rested and put in jail. Next day with
out anv trial they were marched down
to the Malcon, lined up and every fifth
boy shot (8). Some of the fathers
offered their weight in gold for their
loved ones, but that would not satisfy
the bloodthirsty priest. Some of their
mothers lost tneir reason through
grief. Every year the anniversary of
their murder is a day of mourning
throughout Cuba. Those devil priests
would start the inquisition again if
they had the power to do so.
I was in the Philippines when a
friar (Spanish priest) gathered up
2.500 Bibles which had been given to
the Philippines by American mission
aries and burned them in the public
square at Vigan. The friars went
from Spain three hundred and fifty
years ago to the Philippines as mis
sionaries, and up to American occupa
tion stole twenty million dollars from
the Filipinoa. Roman Catholicism
is the greatest farce of professed
Christianity the world ever knew.
Rome does not believe in education.
She has blighted with the curse of ig
norance in every country where her
slimy grasp has fastened Its unholy
hand. Hsr religion is a counterfeit
of Christianity, built upon forgeries
and falsehoods.
Compare North America with South
America. North America was settled
by Protestant Christians with an open
Bible and free public schools. South
America was settled bv Rom ah Cath
olic Spanish priests with no Bibles and
no schools. In North America illiter
acy is less than 7 per cent. Roman
Catholic South America illiteracy is
more than 67 per cent.
Why don’t congress pass a law dos
ing parochial schools and opening con
vents to inspection? Public schools
make good American citizens. Paro
chial schools make good Roman Cath
olics and would make youth believe
that the Godman pope stands in the
place of God Almighty on this earth
It is time for Americans to wake up
and protect this great country from
this beast, Roman Catholicism.—Col
onel Mayfield’s Weekly.
Syracuse Klan
Gives Home SIOO
Makes Presentation to Orphans*
Institution in New
York
(Special to The Fellowship Forum.)
Syracuse, N. Y.—Syracuse provi
sional Klan of the Knights of the Ku
Klux Klan, on the evening of Febru
ary 28th, made its firsts appearance 4
how, presenting the Onodgaa County
Orphans’ Home with SIOO.
A letter accompanying the gift out
lined the principles of the order and
told of its recognition of the great
good that has Men accomplished by
the orphans’ home.
In the eyes of Catholics, equality
becomes "bigotry," when it menaces
some special privilege of their
church.—The Citizen.