SOME CONVINCING CITY HALL FACTB
Our front page article reveals
startling facts concerning the exist
ence and operations of a powerful
Foreign National Political Machine,
which heretofore has been considered
* lightly by the voters of this nation.
The following exposure resulting
from investigations made by mem
bers of North Star Klan No. 2 of
Minneapolis. Knights of the Ku Klux
Klan will show the effects in Minne
apolis of concentrated effort by this
same most corrupt of all political
organisations, the Roman Catholic
Hierarchy, which overlooks no office
in City, County, State or Nation that
by any hook or crook can be landed
for papists or papal tools.
We deal only in facts of the past
two years that may readily be veri
fied by our readers. It is only fair
to yourself and your Government that
you stop and seriously ponder this
condition.
It is humiliating for American
Citizens to acknowledge that these
conditions prevail. It will be shame
ful if American Citizens allow this
to continue.
ihe population of Minneapolis is
uv c uu. :ty per cent Protestant and
toua mu per cent Roman
Catholic. Notwithstanding this fact,
.twiner);.!* < cupy more than seventy
p ■ cent of tne appointive and elective
< y po. itioi .. This unequal distribu
«.*wii wi pubtic offices to members of
tbs papal church may not be uncon
stitutional, but it is unfair to all real
American Citizens.
The Catholic Church must stop
seeking and demanding political
favors for the church ss an oiganiza
tion and its members as individuals.
Until they do this they deserve and
must expect opposition from the Ku
Klux Klan and every other real
American organization.
HERB 18 THE MINNEAPOLIS
LINEUP
INVISIBLE MAYOR. Father
Cleary, who pays no taxes but lands
jobs with ease for his papist flock.
VISIBLE MAYOR. George E.
Leech who threatens to shoot Klsns
men (Americans), on sight. WHY?
Perhaps this is partially due to the
fact that no one can gain admission
to his Sanctum Sanctorum without
ths permission of a disciple of the
Alien Pope of Rome, his private Sec
retary, Frank Cullen. The appoint
ments and promotions of Mayor
Leach, with very few exceptions,
have been notoriously Roman Catholic,
notwithstanding the fact that in
some instances it has been necessary
to have the civil service commission
waive its examinations in order to
employ illiterate men, some of whom
have court records. Recent publicity
has, fortunately for the city, com
pelled the removal from their posi
tions of a number of these men.
MAYOR LEACH: Elected by
Protestants, ruled absolutely by
Roman Catholics, Blind to Criminality,
Gambling, Immorality and Vice, Con
dems the Ku Klux Klan. Klansmen
are proud of it.
Psalms, 37-36-36:
“1 have seen the wicked in greet
power, and spreading himself luce a
« green bay free. Yet he has passed
away, and 10, he was not. Yea, I have
sought him, but he could not be
found.”
NOMINAL CHIEF OF POLICE:
A. C. Jensen, actually a figure-head,
recently on trial. The Prot
estant “Goat” of a Romanized Ma
chine. Nuff-sed.
John Galvin, Roman Catholic
Inspector of Police, who has been, and
is, the Real Chief. Galvin’s office and
title were CREATED by our Prot
estant (?) Mayor, to enable him to
appoint another Catholic, without
possible criticism, as actual operative
head of his police department. This
insures smooth team-work with the
Mayor’s papist secretary, and, doubt
less accounts for the too numerous
appointments of the Pope’s satelitea.
ft will be of further interest to our
readers to know that the two Head-
Suarters Captains are Andrew
rummy and John T. Hart, both
notorious Roman Catholics, and that
at the present time approximately
seventy per cent of the Plain Clothes
Detectives and Patrolmen at Mice
Headquarters are Roman Catholics.
Is it still s wonder to you that Crime
remains unchecked?
CITY ATTORNEY: Neil Cronin,
Roman Catholic: elected by the com
bined vote of Roman Catholic and
Radical Aldermen.
Assistant City Attorney. John
O’Donnell: Another Roman Catholic.
Assistant City Attorney, Thos.
Kilbride: Also Roman Catholic.
These men were appointed by Cronin.
This makes a fine combination,
coupled up with a Romanized Police
Department and may account for the
noticeable lack of convictions of
Roman Catholic law violators.
HEALTH COMMISSIONER, F. E.
Harrington, Roman Catholic. Leach
is quoted as saying that "as long as
1 am Mayor of Minneapolis, Harring
ton will remain Health Commis
sioner.”
Assistant Health Commissioner:
Also reported to be Roman Catholic.
HEAD NURSE, Minneapolis Gen
eral Hospital, Miss Daugherty, Roman
Catholic.
Assistant Head Nurse: Is also a
Roman Catholic.
During the past two yean of Har
• rington’s reign Roman Catholic
Priests have supervised the gradua
tion exercises of the graduate nurses
from our Minneapolis General Hoa-
Eltal, which is supported principally
y Protestant Taxes. Further evi
dence of the puli of non-taxable
Father Clean.
CITY CLERK, Henry N. Knott:
Cat’s-paw Protestant, states ha will
discharge Klansmen if found in his
office, Knott fails to state that he
will discharge un-American Knights
of Columbus or other subjects of an
alien Pope now in his employ.
CITY COUNCIL (in part only):
Alderman Rudesill and Jensen,
Socialists, Twelfth Ward, insist that
Klansmen should be suppressed. They
regularly do fine team work with ths
Roman Catholics. It is commonly
understood and generally believed that
theee men are responsible for the
deplorable Romanised condition of
employes in this ward, because of the
ymointment of L. W. Chandler, 4666
Nozomis avenue, as street commis
sionsr, and Thos. W. Hogan aa assist
ant street commissioner, who has
charge of the ward in the abeawco of
Chandler. Chandler and Hogan are
Brothers-in-law, and are respectively
son-in-law and son of the Notorious
Rowan Catholic Counterfeiter, Boot
logger and BUnd-pigger, Jamas
Hogan, who waa killed in a dual with
a policeman at which time he killed
the policeman. The Street Commis
sioner has appointed J. W. Fagan* a
member of the Holy Roeary Catholic
Church, ss his Labor Boss. We under
stand Fagan's Motto is "None but
Roman Catholics Need Apply.” This
must be a "bitter pill” for the
thousands of Protestant American
Tax Payers who reside in this ward.
President of the City Council, A. B.
Fruen, Fourth Wsrd Alderman,
lightning Rod up for the Mayor's
job another limber-backed Prot
estant, who "parrots” the Pope in
interviews, denouncing the KU KLUX
KLAN; promoter of the resolution to
remove Klansmen from city offices.
The Pro-Cathedral is in Fruen’s
ward; probably this fact has consider
able to do with his attitude.
Alderman Linds ten, Socialist, Third
Ward: Linds ten was mixed up re
cently in a truck purchasing scandaL
It is generally believed that Linds ten
didn't lose anything by this trans
action. He doesn’t like the Klan,
which is s big boost for the organiza
tion.
Alderman Claus Mumm of the Third
Ward is “femist” the Ku Klux Klan.
He is also reported aa censuring the
city council’s high dam committee for
failing to get an "Alley Bargain” out
of Henry Ford. Alderman Mumm is
commonly understood and generally
believed to be quite an authority on
"City Truck” deals. His ability along
this line may also qualify him as an
"Alley Bargain” expert.
By the way: A bunch of negroes
were taken in a recent “CLUB” raid
out in Mumm’s district. The “nigger”
proprietor of this club (?) was fined
675.00 for running a gambling joint,
and those caught in the .raid were
assessed a fine of ONLY 610.00 each.
It is reported that Mumm made a
special personal plea for the 610*00
apiece smoke colored gentlemen, and
that the 610.00 fines were remitted.
Evidently an alley is not the only
place where Mumm can find a “Nig
ger in the woodpile.”
Alderman Sixth Ward: Bastis!
He is against the Ku Klux Klan. We
are unable to find, after a very care
ful investigation made by us, that
Mr. Bastis, Bohemian and Pope Lover,
is even a taxpayer in the ward he
(misrepresents. Mr. Bastis is a
chronic and ci nstant ballyhoo shouter
for Soviet Russia. An American Al
derman to replace him would benefit
the city.
TENTH WARD Alderman Scott,
RED Socialist. This man is continual
ly “yelping” against the Ku Klux
Klan. Why not? He is opposed to
our American form of government
and longs for Soviet Rule, and is a
great shouter for Mayor Leach and
his Romanized administration. He is
also reported as stating, when our
American soldiers were leaving for
the Mexican border to defend our Gov
ernment Rights, against Rome rule in
Mexico, which was in power at that
time, "If they never return, it will
be too d—m soon.” It is high time
that the voters of the tenth ward re
placed this Alderman with an Amer
ican Citizen at the next election, who
does not take his orders from the
Pope of Rome. It is also well for the
voters of the Tenth to know that this
man was a “Conscientious Objector”
and refused to fight in the World War.
This is only a partial report on
Roman Catholic city employes. Space
will not permit us to give a complete
report in this issue, but we believe
this is enough to convince our readers
that a powerful political machine does
exist and function in our midst.
Don’t overlook the fact that in Hen
nepin County and the State of Min
nesota political offices are equally
overloaded with pets and favorites of
the Roman Catholic Hierarchy. Klans
men are now investigating these
county and state offices.
The Ku Klux Klan is not a political
machine. Our aim is to ascertain
facts and impart same to the voters
of every community. Our hope and
desire is to educate voters to smash
this machine and restore America to
Americans. Will you help us to do
the smashing?
Contrary to Romanized press re
ports, we do not, nor will we ever en
dorse candidates for any public office.
If interested in our movement, inquire
of your personal Protestant friends;
some of them can direct you how to
in touch with the Ku Klux Klan.
you are eligible, you need us and
we need you.
WHY MYRTLE CAIN
WANTS TO RAISE “CAIN”
IN MINNESOTA LEGISLATURE
A definite explanation i 8 now avail
able of the supposedly, highly disin
terested (?) very patriotic (?) mo
tives that prompted and inspired
Myrtle Cain, representative in the
present Minnesota legislature, to in
troduce her "JOKE” "Anti-Masking”
bill in the House.
One of the good American Catholic
friends of The National Observer who,
like many others, takes pleasure in
supplying the editor regularly with
valuable inside information that re
veals the activities and intriguea of
a foreign Pope in the United States,
turned In a copy of the March, 1923,
National Hibernian of Indianapolis,
Indiana, this week, which writes up
Myrtle Cain at length and makes very
plain the reason why she is so anxious
to do all she can to wreck the KU
KLUX KLAN.
To make a long storv short: The
article in question reveals that Myrtle
Cain is both a Roman Catholic and a
member of the ladies’ auxiliary of
the Ancient Order of Hibernians.
There is every reason to believe
that the KU KLUX KLAN is the first
organization ever formed in the
United States that has actually suc
ceeded in uniting Protestants of all
denominations to work together in
perfect harmony against the highly
organised minorities which have so
long dictated the financial and politi
cal activities of our country.
It is no wonder then that Myrtle
Cain should introduce the bill she did,
and do everything in her power to see
that it passed. In view of the influ
ence of the foreign pontiff, to whose
dictation she most yield obedience, if
she is a loyal Roman Catholic, it would
be surprising if she had not done
this.
Although the Pope and *U his satel
lites opposed equal suffrage to the
limit, they are just smooth enough
to realise that such a bill as the
CAIN RAISING bill would carry with
it more of an appeal If introduced by
a woman, and the Papacy is ever
ready to let a woman do its dirty
work when there Is work of that kind
that can be done for them more ef
fectively by a woman than it can be
by a man.—The National Observer.
BLIGHTS ANYTHING IT TOUCHES
Whenever the long, lean, unclean
hand of Rome reaches out and touches
anything, almost immediately a
blight, or curse; seems to descend on
the thing touched. A striking illus
tration of thia well known and gen
erally recognized condition can be
found in the Lynnhurst district of
Minneapolis, where the Papists have
announced their intention to erect one
of their alien parochial schools, a
convent for nuns and other of the
common adjuncts that go to complete
one of the un-American projects the
Roman Hierarchy has thus far suc
ceeded in foisting on the United
States under the misleading title of
“educational” institutions.
A recent number of a Minneapo
lis Sunday paper carried in its "want
RUM, ROMANISM AND REBELLION EXEMPLIFIED
IN CHIEF OF POLICE JENSEN’S TRIAL
Bud. Nash, Roman Catholic, representing the “Rum” interests, he having previously been re
moved from the County Attorney’s Office by the Governor of Minnesota, for being implicated in
the well known “Weisman Whiskey Ring” scandal, was a defending attorney for Chief Jensen.
Bauers, Eaton and Nash representing “ROME.” “Three of a Kind.” Lieut. Governor Collins
representing “Rebellion” against existing laws, as we note that he finds it convenient to leave his
duties as Lieutenant Governor at the St. Paul State House during the present session of the Min
nesota Senate, and participate as one of the defenders of Chief Jensen.
Readers will bear in mind that this array of RUM, ROMANISM and REBELLION, presum
ably, is not because of their belief in Jensen’s innocence, but, “Birds of a feather, flock together,”
and a vindication of Chief of Police Jensen is necessary to insure the future safety of the present
Romanized Machine dealing in State and City affairs, of which Collins and Leach are important
factors. It is barely possible that unless Jensen receive strong support at his trial, he might
so far forget himself as to tell the truth, “the whole truth, and nothing but the truth,” which would
be “not so good” for his associates.
For the information of our readers and the voters of Minneapolis, we are submitting an affi
davit from one, Gladys Kennedy, a woman of the under-world, whose personal acquaintanceship
and dealings with some of our present City Officials was such as to make her a dangerous person
to have at large during the present turmoil at the city hall. She was consequently “Railroaded”
to the Work House on a “Trumped-up” charge and it is understood that further efforts will be ex
erted to keep her under cover until after the coming election. «
We have been informed that the next move is to have this woman adjudged insane at the
expiration of her work-house sentence, in fact, at the time of the Glarum incident mentioned in
her affidavit, the police department, already preparing an alibi, passed out the information that
Miss Kennedy insane, but they never-the-less allowed her to continue to operate a resort and
entertain their type of City Officials as long as her graft money was forthcoming. However, our
interview convinced us that the woman is above average in intelligence and any move of this kind
will be a continuance of the persecution to keep her testimony from the proper authorities. We
recommend that the County Attorney and present Grand Jury get in touch with this party and
hear her story and judge its truth or falsity.
Miss Kennedy related many stories of hilarious debauches at the Golden West Hotel, whose
proprietor is now under Grand Jury indictment, which parties were participated in by Chief of
Police A. C. Jensen, Detective Glarum and others, together with women of the underworld.
She also related much data regarding extra graft assessments levied against all under-world
characters to finance the “Leach-for-Senator” campaign.
After hearirg this woman’s story, we can readily understand the frantic attempt of parties
involved to keep her information from becoming public property.
A few may censure us for going to the under-world for our information, but when the Mayor
and other Officials of our City continually associate with this element, we are compelled to go to
this source of their activities to verify our knowledge.
••• m c • v-'/;
X, Gladys Kennedy, a resident of Minneapolis, Minn* hereby declare
and swear that for and during the past f§o two ysars or two years
and a half, X have regularly paid various sums of graft money to
City Detective Ludwig Glarum with the mutual understanding that It
jrae for absolute polloe protection* Payments were made upon demand
and ranged fro* #25*00 to #loo*oo per payment,
further* During the winter and spring of 19M2, above mentioned
City Detective Ludwig Glarum called upon me regularly and held
.carnal Intercourse with me .upon nearly every visit • One evening
Mrs* Ludwig Glarum called at my house and when she found her husband
there she set upon me and beat me unmercifully, and they left the
house together. The following day Chief of Police A* C. Jensen
sent a man to me and told me to come to hie office* *X went to
the court house and into Jensen*s Private office* Me told me that
the police had never bothered me and would not do so if X would
sign a statement to exonerate Mr. A Mrs. Glarum* X did this and
then they demanded that X tell hospital athorltles that X had taken
Bi-Chloride of Mercury, X also did this to keep from being bothered,
while ss a matter of fact X went to the hospital on account of the
beating X had received from Mrs* Glarum, who had & gun when she
misused me*
♦ ; -
following my leaving the hospital, X oalled personally upon Mayor
Geo. S* Leaoh and told him what they did to me* Be said, 9 Gladys
I will go right down to the Police Office and tell them to leave you
alone, you go home and they will not bother you anymore*.
George M» Leach, Mayor of Minneapolis, Minn, has upon three or four
occasions visited my hhme and has gone into private rooms with
girls of my acquaintance and staid in the room with them for several
hours, for this reason X was certain that he would protect me,
how**** notwithstanding these facts X was recently committed to
the MSmmeapolls fork Bouse on a disorderly conduct charge,
* presumably to keep me cut of reach, providing a fit era broke that thA
City Meyer m 4 Police Department could not handle* The complaint
was made by Ludwig Glarum ’e mistress, Muriel Sehwarts, the woman
who ruled Henry CV Henke*
Xt Is common talk in the underworld than any one can operate any
kind of a game or immoral houaea as long as they pay the graft
to Jensen and Leaoh*.
All of the above fact I swear to taLtrue. . y
• f
Witness JtgftfaJL/VsJ* f
Subscribed and sworn to before me a notary public of Hennepin
Couatym State of Minnesota* this 26th day of March, 1925*
ommjgx J.RjRXCHERT*
iotaryfubliw Hennepin County
_«plrei^oot^l3th
JEWISH WRITER WARNS HIS
PEOPLE OF J*OPISH PLOTS
A writer in the Jewish Tribune of
September 1, taking exception to cer
tain statements made by that publica
tion concerning the Ku Klux Klan,
presents his owq views on the sub
ject. The Catholic press has been
playing up the Jewish people very
strong of late andtthe writer of the
article comments tersely on this
sudden change of heart towards the
Jewish race by the Roman Catholic
Church. He makes the charge that
K. K. K. editorials in the Jewish
Tribune are damaging the Jews in
Protestant eyes and asserts that as
a Jew he is not afraid of the K. K. IL,
but is very much afraid of the Catho
lic Church in thia country. The
article by Sig. Saxe, of New York
City, bids the Jews not to listen too
attentively to the soft words of the
hierarchy, but to pay strict heed to
the lessons of the past. The Roman
Catholic, he contends, has never been
ad” columns, under "real estate want
ed,” an announcement that a Catholic
desired to buy a home in Lynnhurst
and to get in touch with Protestant
owners of homes in that district who
wished to sell. Real estate values
have already been materially lowered
by the mere announcement that this
beautiful residential section of the city
is to be invaded by and afflicted with
the undesirable parochial combination.
What will happen to these values
yrhen work on tne buildings themselves
actually starts, if it ever does. The
Roman Catholic advertiser mentioned
is 6*41 n now ready to take advantage
of the misfortune of Lynnhurst Prot
estants brought about by the activities
the friend of the Jew, and the sudden
friendship so recently avowed since
the K. K. K. has become a factor in
American life, may and-.should be
looked upon with doubt and suspicion.
Mr. Saxe says:
“Again I repeat what I wrote you
previously that I am not afraid of the
k. K. K., but am afraid of the
Catholic Church in this country. I
enclose you an article entiled, The
Jew,’ taken from an anti-Catholic
paper, the Torch, issue of July 1.
In this article is a declaration from
the imperial wizard of the K. K. K.
regarding the Jewish portion of our
population, and I think you should
publish it in fairness and justice to
the K. K. K., for the position they
take as to their ritual being objection
able to the Jews (in view of the fact
that their teachings are founded upon
Jesus Christ) is right. Then it will
be well to read what tfie editor of the
Torch says in commenting on the
statement of the head of the K. K. IL,
of his supposed to be church.
There is one consolation for real
Americana: They are generally and
tremendously waking up, the days of
any school excepting American Pub
lic Schools in the United States are
numbered. When the Parochial
school goes, the uninspected Convent
and the uninspected House of the
Good Shepherd will go with it. Amer
ican Catholics are coming more and
more to line up with Americans of
other faiths to get rid of the alien
institutions imposed upon them by a
foreign hierarchy. They want a
chance to educate their children as
Americans.—The National Observer.
adding his own high regard for the
Jews as citizens. In fact, the whole
article, The Jew/ coming from the
editor of a paper strongly anti-
Catholic, showing his high regard
for the Jews, must prove of interest
to your readers.
“I wish to call your attention to an
editorial in the Torch, entitled, ‘Our
Attitude Toward the Jew/ written by
the manager of the paper in response
to a letter from a Jew, and how
strongly the editor of the Torch de
fends the Jews as a whole.
“In the August 16 issue of the
Torch, a Protestant of New York, Mr.
James Blair, writes an '‘Essay on
Americanism/ attacking the editorial
of the Torch on The Jew/ Please
note the Torch’s reply,- and bow it
stands up for the Jew, and please
remember that the Torch is a Prot
estant paper, reaching only Protestant
homes.
“Now, I wish to call your attention
to an editorial in the Roman Catholic
paper, Our Sunday Visitor, el August
20. This paper is credited with being
the most largely read Catholic paper
in ther tinited States—having the
largest circulation, and going into the
largest number of homes. The edi
torial is entitled 'Religion by Soviet
ism,’ and I would call your attention
to the last paragraph in which "the
Catholic paper attacks the Jew, stat
ing that what our forefathers in this
country stood for will be a mockery,
and when irreligion dominates the
destiny of our country in another gen
eration, the full blame will be laid
at the door of the Mason, the Jew,
and the preachers who have become
the unconscious tools of a real Soviet
and infidel propaganda.’ This comes
from a Roman Catholic Church
paper, and not from an individual
writer.
“You, among the other Jewish
editors, have taken exception to the
K. K. K. because it is against the
Jews, but you must remember that
the K. K. K. is a Protestant organiza
tion and naturally does not care to
have Jews or Catholics as members.
Don’t foiget that the Catholics have
their Knights of Columbus and are
equally opposed to having any Jews
or Protestants as members, it beifig
a secular organization. Then again
don’t forget that the Jews have some
orders of their own, like the B’Nai
B’rith, which they do not invite
Catholics and Protestants to join.”—
The Good Citizen.
Senator Good
Lauds Ku Klux
Tenets of Klan Meritorious and
American, Says
Nebraskan
(.Special to The Fellowship Forum.)
Lincoln, Neb. —An effort to recall
from the House of Representatives the
anti-Ku Klux Klan bill, which was
killed by an overwhelming vote in the
Senate, has been killed.
Arguments against the bill were
that present laws were adequate and
that special legislation was not nec
essary. Senator Good, in a speech,
said that the tenets of the Klan any
where were meritorious and American
in spirit.
Pope Exposes Hierarchy
A bunch of Roman Catholic priests
were recently convicted by Russian
courts of treasonable activities in
Russia. Some of them were sentenced
to imprisonment and two were actual
ly condemned to die, but the sentence
of one of these has been commuted
to imprisonment for ten years.
Of course the Pope of Rome has lit
tle regard for the laws of any land,
when “Heretics” are not concerned, |
but. finding that there was a strong j
probability that some of his pet hench- [
men in Russia might shortly be doing 1
a special “air dance,” with hemp neck
tie adornments, he promptly regis
tered a kick and got several govern
ments to do the same, our own United
States included. The important part
of the Pope's protest, as given in the
daily press, is as follows:
“Pope Pius, when in Warsaw as
apostolic visitor, obtained the libera
tion of Monsignor Ropp, who was ac
cused of a similar offense, by setting
forth that the latter was a member
of the Catholic hierarchy and there
fore a subject of the Pope.
“In following a similar course in
the present case the Holy See does
not raise any question of politics or
nationality, merely maintaining that
the Soviet.should recognize that the
condemned prelates are members of
the Catholic hierarchy. Therefore, the
Vatican asks that they be recognized
as subjects of the Pope, and requests
their liberation in the name of the
Pope.”
This act of the Pope’s confirms re
peated claims that he do£s not con
sider the laws of any nation as binding
on either his followers or himself.
When a fair trial by jury fails to clear
criminals, then the Jesuit's pull com
mences to work in every possible way
to get the criminals free.
Uneasy Lies the
Head That Wears
the “Crown”
Rome Worried Over Indepen
dent Actions of Bohemia
Rome, Italy, March 20. —A feeling
of uneasiness is apparent in Catholic
circles here over the attitude of priests
in the Bohemian or Czecho-Slovakian
church who have shown a greater and
greater spirit of independence and
tendency to break away from the
church.
The rebellion is against the authori
ty of the Vatican, and involves ques
tions of discipline, ritual and so on.
The trouble has been brewing ever
since the armistice was signed.
The principal act of revolt, how
ever, was one involving one of the
most stringent rules of the church,
that requiring celibacy of the clergy.
Two of the leaders of the “Jednota,”
or revolting priests, believing in the
passage of the Bible which says that
“It is not good for man to live alone,”
have taken unto themselves wives.
Their action brought a prompt
order from the Vatican to repent, dis
pense with their wives and hereafter
stick to the straight and narrow. They
were given 16 days in which to com
ply with the order. And then Vatican
authorities sat back complacently to
await the remorse of the offenders to
bring them penitently upon their
knees for forgiveness. But that is
where the Vatican was fooled. The
priests declined to give up their mates
to whom they believed they were en
titled.
The authorities then visited upon
them a “major excommunication”
which is the greatest punishment pos
sible and which is the same as a re
served seat for eternity close up to
the fires in purgatory. They are not
only barred from church services, but
should they enter a church the ser
vices must cease until they depart.
They can not have benefit of clergy
at the time of their deaths nor can
they be buried in Catholic burial
grounds. They simply are assigned
to a life void of Christian religion and
benefit# and repentance Will avail
them nothing.
Undismayed, the priests have gone
on with their teachings and taeir
wives, and their following is growing
ever stronger. The people attend
their services and the rift between the
church and the Vatican grows ever
wlhfr-Hi nary Cress, 8-26-28,
Nips Catholicism
in Public Schools
Prayers for Pope to “Holy
Mary” Bring Flood of Com
plaints to Board
Worcester, Mass. —The activities of
teachers of the Roman Catholic faith
in the public schools here hare been
called by the Rev. William R. McNutt,
editor of Brotherhood. After reciting
numerous instances in which these
teachers have sought to influence the
minds of the children under their care,
Mr. McNutt called upon a Catholic
member of the school board insisting
that cases of unwarranted Catholic
propaganda should cease.
He has the promise of this member
that the offending teachers will be dis
ciplined if there is any further propa
ganda along these lines in the public
schools.
Asks For Complaints.
Mr. McNutt has requested all par
ents to bring any complaints to him
and he will see that the offending
teachers will put a stop to their work
of Catholic propaganda or be dis
charged from public school work.
Citing a few of the cases coming
| to his notice, the Rev. McNutt said:
“A Protestant mother informs me
that her children returned home on
two occasions during the illness of
the late Pope, with the insistence that
in obedience to their teacher they
must go at once to St. Paul’s to pray
1 for the Pope.
Wanted to go to Maas.
“A father tells me that after his
i little girls had repeatedly come home
on Monday evening disturbed because
the teacher had said that all good
I children went to mass on Sunday, and'
1 wished to know why they could not
| go, or if they were bad, he had put
them in the Bancroft school.
“Another father reveals the shock
he had when his little girl began her
evening prayer, “Holy Mary, mother
of God —,’’ and when asked for ex
planation said that was the way her
teacher began.
Fears Schools Menaced.
“These instances, from the lips of
innocent children, 1 could multiply by
the score. 1 cannot vouch for their
truth, but 1 think any impartial jury
would say that the question of prob
ability is very strong.
“All of which leads me again to ex
press my honest conviction that the
public school is in danger. And be
cause of this fear 1 deeply appre
ciate the promise of liberal Catholic
friends as above referred to.”—Na
tional Fraternal Weekly, 3-17-23.
Foes of Ku Klux
Badly Beaten
Lose Out on Two Bills in Tar
heel Senate—Klan Buts
One Over
Raleigh, N. C. —The North Carolina
senate voted down the Miliiken bill to
make secret organizations register the
names of their members, refused a
substitute to make appearances in
masks a misdemeanor, and then
passed, 36 to 11, the Armfieid bill, ad
vocated by those who praised the Ku
Klux Klan. The galleries were crowd
ed and there was frequent applause
at complimentary references to the
Klan.
The Armfieid bill would make the
appearance of a masked person off his
own premises for the “purpose of com
mitting felony” unlawful, and punish
able by fine up to $2OO and imprison
ment up to two years, in the court’s
discretion.
In advocating the defeat of the Mil
liken bill, Senator Johnson, of Duplin,
lauded the Ku Klux Klan as an or
ganization standing for “Protestant
Americanism, free speech, free press,
white supremacy and the support of
all law.”
PRESIDENT OttUEGON
President Obregon of Mexico, is the
recipient of the combined assault of
the Catholic church of the world.
That old war horse is not gun shy.
He was raised with $ race of people
whose trigger fingers have always had
the gun itch, and ke doesn’t careen
when the guns begin to sputter.
In other words the Catholics of the
world can’t frighten one hair on the
head of that redoubtable old Mexi
can.
He has made the line for his peo
ple and is hewing to it, letting the
chips fall where they may. He has
realized the blight that Catholicism
has placed on Mexico and he proposes
to eradicate it, he proposes to give
his people a real chance to show tneir
stuff, he doesn’t intend that his peo
ple shall be leashed down any longer
by religious superstitions and mooch
ing priests and reaching that decision
he has planted the imperial presi
dential boot about two feet below the
back of the neck of the Apostolic Dele
gate. This has wrung the withers of
the Romanists. They are howling all
over the world and hurling impreca
tions upon the head of the president
of Mexico, but that head has had so
nrnny imprecations hurled at it that
it affects it about like water on a
duck’s back. The president of Mexi
co is unperturbed. He is building fed
eral schools all over his nation. The
peon who once got about six cents a
week under Catholic domination is
now earning three and four dollars a
day under the Obregon regime. The
foreign Romanists who gobbled up the
land of the humble peon have found
that Obregon has restored the land
to its rightful owners. Obregon is
giving the humble Mexican his first
real chance in three hundred years,
and the world may expect to see some
wonderful changes in Old Mexico in
the next decade.
I venture the assertion that Mexico
under the Obregon regime, which in
cludes Cailles or de la Huerta, will
show more improvement and progress
in the next ten years r Jian she has
shown in the past three hundred years.
The land has been shackled by the
Catholic church, and held in absolute
mental slavery by papalists, but “a
light has struck the turret.” Mexico
is breaking away from Catholicism
and is headed for her rightful place
in the sun.
The Catholics are attributing their
humiliation in Mexico to the Ku K’nx
Klan. No such thing, the man who
is bringing about the downfall of
Catholicism in Mexico is President
Obregon, the outstanding Mexican of
all time.—Colonel Maybe id’s Weekly.