the work of each department, so
that there would be neither waste
nor overlapping and that all
might work through their repre
sentatives in the common ad
vancement of the Catholic cause,
the administrative committee
should have an executive repre
sentative at the Washington head
quarters. We have directed the
work with a view to its per
manency, its development along
the lines of Catholic work already
accomplished, its ability and its
fitness to voice Catholic claims, to
defend Catholic rights and to
infuse, so far as possible. Catho
lic standards and Catholic pH*>-
ciples to our national life. The
administrative committee has
been guided by this further prin
ciple that it is not our task to
supplant or take the place of any
existing Catholic organization or
society, but to help, encourage
and promote all, to give them a
national background to their na- .
tional community, and to be able
to call, in case of necessity, on all
Catholic forces.”
It is left to the imagination of the
reader to determine, after digesting
the statements, comments, hopes and
desires conveyed in the expressions
culled from the reports of the
National Catholic Welfare Council,
whether or not there is a Roman
Catholic party operating under the
title of the National Catholic W elfaTe
Council.
FORCED PUBLIC APOLOGY
FROM ASSOCIATED PRESS,
HE SAYS
That the power of the press is ap
preciated by the council is demon
strated by the infinite care anti atten
tion given, not alone to the Catholic
weekly and monthly publications, but
to the secular press as well. A news
service supplied from Washington, a
picture page feature to the service
and special correspondence every
where are among the features by
which Catholic sentiment and thought
are sent out broadcast to the country.
The most outstanding and impressive
declaration made by the Rev. Russell,
in charge of press and publicity, is his
recital of the abject surrender of the
Associated Press when he says:
“During the year the Associated
Press distributed unfairly a
gross attack on the Catholic
church and certain Catholic
countries. Our department pro
tested to the Associated Press;
the manager of that organization
made a public apology. The effect
has been evident in the great
care shown in the publication by
secular papers of C atholic news
and comment.”
“We have organized a body of
volunteer workers who follow up
the monthly magazines and the
leading weeklies. If any such
contains a Sjkatement misrepre
sentative of Catholic teaching or
injuries to religion or morals in
general, we at once write to the
editor. Hopeful work has been
accomplished. The World’s Work,
for example, publicly apologized
for an Httack it made upon the
Holy Father.”
The council’s willingness to pay
for propaganda may be seen by the
financial statement of the press and
publicity department report, which
shows a loss of 75 per cent on the in
vestment, but is nevertheless regarded
as money well spent. The figures
follow:
“The statement of receipts and
expenditures for the department
on press and publicity from July
1. 1921, to June '3O, 1922, inclu
sive, shows that the total credits
for the department during that
period were $70,962.48 and the
total disbursements $69,529.7(3,
leaving a balance of cash on hand
June 30, 1922, of $1,432.72. The
total receipts from the press serv
ice during the period July 1, 1921,
to June 30, 1922, were $14,730.85,
or approximately one-fourth of
the total.”
Citing other advantages and im
provements in the operating of its
press and publicity bureau the head
of the department, the Rev. William
T. Russell, says:
“Permit me to say a word on
this subject of expense in relation
to publicity. There is no country
where publicity of every kind so
abounds as in the United States.
Moreover, widespread and expen
sive publicity is no longer regard
ed as an experiment. The results
from a business point of view
have justified the outlay. Right
here let me assert, what 1 think
cannot be gainsaid, that while
the Catholic church is the biggest
business establishment in the
country after the national govern
ment (for it is our business to
save souls), the Catholic church
has had in proportion to its size
the least general publicity of any
institution which claims the at
tention of the American people.
“The hierarchy now has the
control of the news service of the
Catholic press of the country.”
Here are further examples of the
functioning of tbo press and publicity
bureau as related by the Rev. Russell:
“The executive department also is
sued an official defense of the Holy
Father’s letter on Protestant prosely
tizing in foreign countries, and this
was published in all the larger dailies
of the United States, and also circu
lated in Europe. Against the attack
upon the American hierarchy made
by Dr. Parks, of New York, the execu
tive department immediately issued
an answer which received nation-wide
publicity.”
“Whenever there is Catholic news
of general lay interest, the press and
publicity department of the National
Catholic Welfare Council sends a re
port of such news to the Washing
ton correspondents of the secular
papers of the country and to the
three press associations for general
distribution. For example, the Pas
toral Letter, issued by the confer
ence of bishops last September, was
brought to the attention of the three
press associations by a representa
tive of the press bureau, who suc
ceeded in having these associations
distribute digests of the Pastoral Let
ters at theW own expense to all
the secular newspapers of the coun
try. The clippings collected on this
one article alone fill a huge volume
preserved in the archivea of the de
partment (1,200 clippings, 32 edi
torials). Similar steps were taken in
the case of the national convention
of our Catholic women's societies,
which resulted in the formation of a
national Catholic women's council.”
FOREIGN PRIESTS
AND NUNS ALLOWED
TO FLOOD AMBRICA
One of the vital subjects to which
the Council has given much considera
tion is that of immigration. It haa
been recognized for some time that in
order to increase or perhaps even
maintain its present membership, the
hierarchy must of necessity attract
and bring Catholic immigrants to this
country. The subject of immigration
delegated to the Rev. P. J. Muldoon, as
chairman of the department of social
action is dwelt upon thusly:
“The official recognition by the
United States Government of our
immigration bureau has given it
exceptional opportunity. More
over, through careful organization
and standardization of methods,
it has been possible to increase
the work and secure greater ef
ficiency.
HAS OFFICES IN
PRINCIPAL CITIES
“The bureau is functioning at
present with a national office in
Washington and port offices in
New York City and Philadelphia.
Port offices at New York, because
of the number of immigrants en
tering there is greatly in excess
of that entering any other port,
has been of most practical im
portance. One of the most im
portant, if not the most impor
tant, part of immigration work
is acquaintance with the immi
grant before he leaves his native
land and the ability tp help him
upon his arrival and direct him
so that he will not be left without
the means of religious worship
and religious care.
“When it is considered that as
late as May, 1921, the Catholic
body of this country was still sub
ject to the refusal of the Federal
authorities to grant permission
for official representation at El
lis Island and other ports of en
try, the growth and progress of
our work in this field-«*vill be ap
parent.”
On this same subject Archbishop
Hanna says:
“The care of the Catholic im
migrant has been the special anx
iety and charge of executive de
partment. Before the present im
migration law went into effect 60
per eent of those entering the
country through Ellis Island were
Catholics. Ffficient immigration \
work must lie national. After
much labor we secured official
recognition of the National Catho
lic Wdfare Council by the United
States Government as a national
agenev in immigration work, with
the right to have its own workers
in every port of entry. To do this
the executive -department had to
establish r.n immigration bureau,
secure a director, find trained
Catholic men and women to work
at the ports, secure the co-opera
tion of Catholic lay organizations
in the larger cities of the
United States in what is known
as ‘follow-up.’ We must report
not only official recognition as one
of the government agencies in im
migration, hut the selection and
operation of a trained staff and
the beginning of ‘follow-up* work
that will eventually cover the
country.
KNITS CATHOLIC
ORGANIZATION CLOSER
“The governmental recognition
of us as a national immigrant or
ganization will not alone enable
us to keep statistics of Catholic
immigrants to assist and protect
them; it will also promote and has
in a measure already done so,
eloser international relations be
tween Catholics, secure a kindlier
treatment of them in foreign
ports and lead the foreign born
here to realize more deeply their
indebtedness to the Catholic
church. This national immigrant
work brings the service of Catho
lic men and women in touch with
high officials and gives the form
er a vantage point for wider pub
lic influence and activity.”
Thus does the National Catholic
Welfare Council take care of the
future voters now coming to this
country.
Congress Dropped
Education Bill
When Rome
Gave Orders
Archbishop Hanna is not at all bash
ful in pointing with considerable sat
isfaction to the achievements of the
National Catholic Welfare Council and
its success in defeating measures
tending 1 to promote the public schools.
On this question he says:
“Perhaps the heaviest obliga
tion resting upon the executive
department during the last year
was the mandate issued by you
as the Nationnl Catholic Welfare
Council that, the Smith-Towner
bill should be opposed and defeat
ed. It has been defeated. Nor
will any similar measure pass the
present Congress. But, in order
to defeat it the executive depart
ment had to call to its aid every
other department of the council;
direct a national campaign of
protest; send representatives re-,
peatedly to the House and Senate
hearings, for we had the obliga
tion of preventing the bill from
being presented on either floor;
secure a defense of Catholic edu
cation on the floor of the Senate
itself; interview and explain to
neutral education associations;
carry on a campaign of public
speakers; and during the months
of January and February at least
forty conferences on the matter
were attended by the executive
department. And we may add
here that the pronouncement of
the administrative committee
through the department of educa
tion was the determining factor
as to their attitude on the Smith-
Towner bilhof a sufficient number
of Senators and Representatives
to forecast its defeat were it pre
sented to either House/*
PLOTS TO CONTROL
THROUGH PERSONNEL
In 1921, at the time when the hier
archy was confidently counting upon
the defeat of the Towner-Sterling
bill, through a proposed department
of public welfare being provided as a
substitute, plans were carefully laid,
according to the administrative com
mitee’a report to overrun the depart
ment with Roman Catholics. In refer
ring to the organization of the pro
posed department of public welfare,
the report says:
“Many of our own seek position
in public service; many more
. should do so for the sake of
Catholic well-being. If the pro
posed department of public wel
fare is created by Congress and
the President, the good ordering .
of it will depend not so much on
legislation as on the personnel at
tending it. Technical training will
•
Salient Points in Reports
of Catholic Welfare Body
Prohibition law set at naught by special Treasury Department ruling
for Catholic church.
__ Catholic church owns $100,000,000 worth of property in District of
Columbia; pays taxes on $246,666 worth.
Council claims it forced a public apology from the Associated Press for
distributing a news report inimical to the church.
Council says its frequent protests (in reality threats) keep secular press
in state of innocuous desuetude.
Council spends more than s7o,ooo'yearly in its publicity department.
Customs laws set aside to allow free Catholic importations at church
goods in competition to goods manufactured in this country.
Many hundreds of thousands of dollars annually saved to church under
foregoing paragraph, which means that much taken from Treasury. YOU
have to supply the deficit by increased taxes.
Plot to control national sentiment by ruling state legislatures. \
Council retains $7,000,000 collected in the United Statee to be used for
relief of soldiers in the World War.
Compelled a setting aside of the immigration laws to allow Catholic
priests and nuns to enter this country without let or hindrance.
Official recognition as a national agency has been extended the council
by the United States Government.
Council boasts it forced President Harding to call arms conference held
here in 1921. *
Catholics maintain office* at every port of entry into this country to
assure unobstructed passage of Catholic aliens into America.
Manper of control of the Boy Scouts related.
Bares plot to control new department of education and welfare by flood
ing personnel of offices with Catholics.
Tells of how council brought about a situation in Congress which meant
death of Towner-Sterling bill.
Predicts six months ahead of time full gist of committee to recommend
reorganization of government departments, showing spies on inside of secret
committee.
be necessary for the success of
the candidate. Therefore, the
more urgent need of the National
Training School for Women, al
ready established, and with which
the executive department had
much to concern itself during the
past year.”
BOASTS OF GAINING
POINT BY POLITICS
Since the publication of this report
there has been a readjustment and it
is now proposed that there shall be a
department of education and public
welfare. The long-deferred report of
the Brown reorganization committee
has been made and advocates such a
department. In its 1922 discourse on
the subject of education the commit
tee said:
“We have gained additional sup
porters to our opposition to the
bill. We have endeavored to make
it publicly known that many lead
ing non-Catholio authorities in
education, as well as Catholic,
are against the bill. And it is
very probable that our opposition
will succeed at least in defeating
a subsidized department of edu
cation.
“The other proposed bill—
known as public welfare—will in
clude plans for a department of
education and public welfare, but
it will not include the proposed
$100,000,000 a year provided by
the Sterling-Towner bill nor any
such effective measure for in
fluencing and controlling general
education throughout the coun
try.”
CLAIMS ALL CREDIT
FOR DEFEATING BILL
The report of the Rev. Austin Dow
ling, chairman of the department of
education, says:
“The department has been very
active in its opposition to the
Towner-Sterling bill. Numerous
conferences have been held and
opposition to this measure has
been organized, especially among
non-Catholic educators, "it is ciae
principally to the efforts of this
department, working in conjun •
tion with the department of laes
and legislation that the Towner-
Sterling bill has been held in com
mittee up to the present time.”
The Towner-Sterling bill has not
only occupied the attention of the ad
ministrative and the education com
mittees. but the department of laws
and legislation has been equally con
cerned in bringing about the defeat
of the Towner-Sterling bill. The Rev.
Edmund F. Gibbons, submitting his
report as chairman of this department
for last year, says:
“The most important one for
our attention has been and is the
Towner-Sterling education bill.
Though those back of this bill
have never ceased their efforts to
have it introduced into the House
(and it is certain that if they could
have it introduced there it would
pass), the chief reason why it has
not been introduced is that the
administration itself has prepared
a bill for the entire reorganization
of all the government depart
ments and deals with the present
bureau of education. It is the
desire of the President and the
party leaders that no action be
taken on any departmental bill
until this general reorganization
bill has been introduced into Con
gress.
TOWNER-STERLING BILL
VICIOUS, HE SAYS
“We may say that Gris adminis
tration bill excludes the vicious
features of the Towner-Sterling
bill. The bill creates a depart
ment of education and public wel
fare, but it does not give to that
department $100,000,000 a year
and leaves to the department of
education only an advisory and
guiding capacity with regard to
educational information and
standards, much the same as the
present bureau of education ex
ercises. \
“We wish, however, to empha
size the strong propaganda still
back of the Towner-Sterling bill,
fostered by powerful organisa
tions and individuals of promise.
These continue through memorials
to petition members of both
Houses of Congress and this ac
tivity must be carefully watched,
even though there are a growing
sentiment antagonistic to pa
ternalism of this character.”
Thus it may be seen from the above
comment of this member of the ad
ministrative committee that he feels
perfectly sure of the future action
which will be taken on this much dis
cussed measure. Masonic and other
fraternal organizations are certainly
not in touch with the Washington of
ficials to such an extent that they
would dare prophesy the future status
of the Towner-Sterling bill which is
so confidently stated in the report of
the Rev. Gibbons.
“There is s determined element in
the Senate and House who may be re
lied upon to oppose all movements to
extend Federal control to educational
and kindred fields, and these fearless
lawmakers should be supported in
every legitimate way.” This expres
sion from the Rev. Joseph Schrembs
indicates that the hierarchy not only
hopes, but expects to defeat the Town
er-Sterling bill. %
TREASURY DEPARTMENT
MADE TO GIVE
WIDE TAX EXEMPTIONS
Keenly alive to the importance of
the subject of church taxation, a sub
ject increasingly attracting the atten
tion of tke whole people,
forethought is shown in tnis state
ment referring to this subject of the
1922 report, which says:
“Written statements were ob
tained from members of the Sen
ate committee on finance and from
experts of the Treasury Depart
ment clearly interpreting the new
revenue law as exempting from
taxation our religious and char
itable institutions. These state
ments are in the files of the
Council and will be invaluable
should the intent of Congress ever
be questioned in any tax litiga
tion affecting the property to the
church or related religious asso
ciations or societies.”
In 1921 Catholic interests of the
most minute details were brought to
the attention of the White House.
Whether the success attained in
arranging matters to suit the Catholic
interests was due to the activities of
Joseph Tumulty, who was secretary
to the President up to March 4, is
not stated. But in the report of the
department of laws and legislation by
the Rev. Edmund Gibbons there was
shown much elation because of im
portant ruling which this department
secured favoring the church. It may
be seen from the following that every
little detail is being well taken care
of by the political machine of the
church. “Exemptions from import
duty from all books and pamphlets
which are printed wholly or chiefly in
languages other than English, the
free importations of stained or
painted window glass, the free im
portations of altars, pulpits, shrines,
statuary, etc., was brought to the
attention of the Senate committee on
finamtv.which took the viow
articles hau nurit other than utilitai
ian and provided “definitely that thej
and other like church equipment Bhould
be admitted free without restriction,
provided Lilly that they should be
imported in good faith by panshioneis
or others uiiU presented u> ciiuicties
for religious purposes.”
The Rev. Gibbons says:
“It is estimated that this pro
vision of the new tariff law will
to present and future
(Catholic) donors of such church
articles many hundreds of thous
ands of dollars. Additional sav
ing also was obtained when the
customs division of the Treasury
Department, during the enact
ment of the tariff law, was
induced to rule that the decision
of the customs court should not
he made to apply to altars and
like church articles contracted for
abroad prior to handing down the
court’s decree and that altars
purchased subsequent to the
decision might be held in bond,
pending corrective legislation by
Congress.” .
PLOT TO CONTROL
LEGISLATURES OF STATES
RELATED BY CARDINAL
The head of the department of laws
and legislation, Cardinal Daugherty,
reveals quite a number of situations
that are not exactly to the liking of
the organization. He evinces deep
concern in a measure before Congress
proposing an amendment to the Con
stitution of the United States, which
would prohibit financial aid to “any
church, religious denomination or
religious society or any institution,
school, society or undertaking which
is wholly or in part under sectarian
or ecclesiastical control. Cardinal
Daugherty says that “even if it
should pass Congress, which is not
Srobable, it would have to be rati
ed by two-thirds of the states before
its adoption.” With the lust for
political power in his mind, the
Cardinal comments thusly:
“Our work in Federal legisla
tion is always more or less influ
enced by legislation on Similar
questions that is enacted by the
different states. The mind of a
particular Senator or Representa
tive is naturally influenced by
what has already been enacted
into law by his own states. More
over, we are constantly in receipt
of requests where the Catholics
of a particular state may have
an urgent legislative matter on
hand for information regarding
action by any state on any similar
matter.
“The proposed legislation in
different parts of the country
against freedom of education
affects in a special way the situa
tion at Washington. In Oregon,
by initiative petition, a proposed
amendment was placed on the
ballot, to be \ oted on at the gen
eral election in November, to
enact a law that would virtually
eliminate the parochial schools
in that state. In Michigan a
petition was circulated to initiate
a constitutional amendment which
would adversely affect the
parochial schools of that state.
This department assisted in these
matters, especially in Oregon,
where we have famished material
to aid in the campaign. >
“It is perhaps proper here to
call attention to the fact that
daring the coming year iegiala-
tares will Meet in 42 of the 48
states. It Is the purpose of this
department, with the approval of
the bishops, to keep close watch
on the proceedings in these legis
latures and to furnish informa
tion and what help we can, when
such information and help are
requested.”
“We have found, as we stated in
our report last year, an even more
constant, more vital need of keeping
in close touch with the Federal Gov
ernment, not alone on technical legis
lative matters but also on those mani
fold questions that precede legislation
and the right handling of which means
a personal acquaintance and touch
with the officials of government.”
U. S. DRY LAW SET AT NAUGHT
BY SPECIAL RULING FOR
CHURCH
The Rev. Edmund F. Gibbons in
his 1922 report tells how, at the
instance of the Council, the
United States Treasury Depart
ment was influenced to make
changes in regulations concern
ing the 18th amendment, as fol
lows:
“New regulations satisfactorily
governing the distribution of
wine for sacramental purposes
were recently promulgated by the
Treasury Department at the
instance of the Council, acting
under instructions from the ad
ministrative committee. These
regulations were obtained only
after a year of negotiations and
conferences, during which many
obstacles to a workable solution
of the problem were overcome.
As a result of a ruling by former
Attorney General Palmer, local
dealers or middlemen who had
previously been relied upon to
furnish wine to the Catholic
clergy, were eliminated and the
priests were confronted with the
necessity of ordering only through
manufacturers. Through our
own personal efforts alone fair
and not unduly onerous regula
tions were secured. Provision
also is made that a priest may be
employed by a manufacturer for
the proper manufacture of sacra
mental wine. It should be stated
that officials of the government
co-operated in the effort to frame
regulations that would add to the
convenience of distribution and at
the same time safeguard the
proper use of sacramental wine.”
Catholics Control
Boy Scout Move
ment in the U. S.
Bishop Joseph Schrembs, in charge
of the lay organizations, devotes con
siderable attention to the Boy Scout
movement and the possibility of its
being used in the glorification of the
church’s interests. He says:
“Another urgent problem is the
welfare of our boys. So much
has already been said and written
about this very important mat
ter that there is no need of dwell
ing upon it. To help in the solu
tion of this problem there has
been established in many sections
of the country Scout troops for
Catholic boys. This movement
is affiliated with the Boy Scouts
i of America, but it must be dis
tinctly understood that the entire
direction of the work for Catholic
boys is in our own hands. More
than 2,600 troops of Catholic boys
have been organized during the
past 18 months. Another agency
with a splendid program for boys
under Catholic auspices is the
Catholic boys’ brigade of the
United States. Another is the
cadets of the Knights of St. •
George.”
The following year’s report, 1922,
witnessed some improvement in the
workings of this feature of the move
ment, as the Rev. Schrembs reports
that salaries of the Catholic leaders
of the Boy Scouts are being paid for
from the National Boy Scout organ
ization. This is what he says:
“FROM THE POPULAR OR
GANIZATION KNOWN AS THE
BOY SCOUTS WE SECURED
CATHOLIC LEADERSHIP FOR
CATHOLIC BOY TROOPS, AND
THE SALARIES OF THESE
LEADERS ARE PAID FOR BY
THE BOY SCOUTS ORGANIZA
TION. ALSO WE HAVE SUC
CEEDED IN HAVING ALL
LITERATURE ISSUED BY
THAT ORGANIZATION SU
PERVISED BY A CATHOLIC
PRIEST.”
Under the direction of this depart
ment of the National Catholic Wel
fare Council a summer school for
training in Scout leadership was
inaugurated at Notre Dame univer
sity, and these students stand ready
to take positions of this character,
not alone in Boy Scout troops organ
ized by the Catholics, but in the reg
ular Boy Scout organizations of all
denominations.
Note: The Roman Catholic
Hierarchy formerly opposed the
Boy Scouts.
ROMAN CATHOLIC WOMEN
NOW WELL ORGANIZED
Bishop Joseph Schrembs, chairman
of the department of lay organiza
tions, referring to the services of the
National Council of Catholic Women,
says:
“Wle found widespread agree
ment on the need of a National
Catholic Woman’s Council that
would unite nationally the Catho
lic woman’s organizations in na
tional work.”
Two instances of the work of the
women’s council, young and unformed
as it is, may be cited—the quick,
country-wide protest telegraphed by
all our Catholic women’s organiza
tions, at word from the national coun
cil, against including the federaliza
tion educational plank in the plat
forms of the Republican and Demo
cratic parties.
The National Council of Catholic
Women has, moreover, already done
effective work in questions of national
importance and is invited to send its
representatives to the National con
ference of other organisations, where
at the expression of Catholic princi
ples and standards will do much
good.
“As a result of the work done by
the National Council of Catholic
women. Catholic women and Cath
olic principles have been brought
into public welfare work,” says
the Rev. Schrembs in referring to
the work of the Catholic women.
“Catholic women have taken their
place in our national organisa
tions, in all governmental work,
and the National Council of
Catholic Women la included in all
welfhre bodies by governmental
officials, among the recognised
pMtinnei women’s organizations
of the country.”
Much praise is given to the women
Hpiuia Boasts His Order Forced
Harding to Fall Arms Parley
The following extract is from the 1921 report, which reveals the view
point of the organisation and also satisfaction of its prowess in the field
of politics as expressed by Archbishop Hanna:
“It (the executive department) keeps in direct personal touch
with the officials of the government, from the President and Cabi
net members to members of Congress. It is a medium of communi
cation, of information, and of action between these officials and de
partments of government on all matters that affect Catholic interests *
and Catholic rights. It js a medium, also, on other questions of
public concern where executives or legislators wish to inform them
selves on public opinion.
“Your executive department, to give a few examples, has inter
viewed the President of the United States, laying before him our
position with regard to Catholic education. At the request of the
President, the executive department is to presentJto him information
on Catholic affairs and conditions in the Philippines.
“To the President, personally, was presented the pronouncement
on disarmament issued by your administrative committee.
“We may say that that pronouncement was a moot effective in
strument in having called the world conference on the limitation of
armaments to be held here in November.
“But the most important points to remember is not the p;« r -
ticulsr instances cited, but that fact that your administrative cov -
mittee is officially recognized and is consulted before important i teps
on matters affecting the religious and moral interests of the pt.-pit
are taken.”
Owns $100,000,000 in Property
Here; Pays Taxes on $246,000
The District of Columbia tax books reveal an insight into the vast
accumulations of material wealth which the hierarchy now holds in the
Nation’s Capital.
The hierarchy owns 152 pieces of property exempt from taxation nomi
nally valued at $8,745,575. In addition to the exempted property it is as
sessed on 84 pieces at $246,266, on which the taxes paid were $4,802.19 last
year. Real estate experts say the actual value of the exempted property is
over $100,000,000 and that the assessments on the taxables are about in the
spme proportion of ten to one or more.
Some idea of what friendly assessments may accomplish may be gathered
from the valuation of the National Catholic Welfare Council’s Massachusetts
Avenue headquarters, shown on page 2, assessed at less than SIOO,OOO but
whichis regarded by conservative real estate appraisers as well worth more
than $1,000,000.
Says Parochial Schools Are
Rome’s Source of Ignorance
Masons Urged to Nip in Bud “Greater Menace Than America Has Ever
Known”—Protestants Warned
The Fellowship Fofrum,
Washington, D. C. PRIZE WINNER.
While a national grand lodge should be organized, I believe Masons, as
an organization and as individuals, should inoculate Masonic teachings (as
there are none better) into state and national affairs, as did the founders
of our Republic. While this temporary betterment is being accomplished
it would be a good policy toward permanent stability of American ideals to
take a side slap at parochial schools by legislation, and thereby nip in the
bud a greater menace than America has ever known. With the exception of
immigration, this is Rome’s only source of supply of ignorance.
That which is being ground into the minds of elementary pupils of their
faith and of Protestantism will be a leech sucking at our life blood for gen
erations. Catholics know this and Protestants should realize it.
Seemingly broad-minded Protestant parents are snared by Catholic neigh
bors, who use easy persuasive methods, that the public schools are the most
vile of institutions, and that the parochial schools are heavens, and nuna,
angels. They are made to believe that there is no place where teachers take
so great an mterest in your child’s welfare and education, and that the nuns
are better adapted by their holy service to teach our future Americans. Ore
gon has set the example, so let’s go, and eliminate these foreign-born nun
teachers, who, in a majority of cases, cannot pass an eighth-grade examina
tion.
, * ... SAM SARGENT.
Charleston, HI.
Political Hyphenates
Disloyalty of political hyphenates in this country cost the lives of thou
sands of allied soldiers during the war. Chief offenders of the hyphenate
breed were the so-called Irish-Americans, who allowed their hatred of Great
Britain to overcome all sense of joyalty by advocating and practicing inter
ference in the affairs of other nations at a time when the government needed
the whole-hearted support of every patriotic citizen. To such an extent did
they carry their treasonable practices that many Sinn Feiners openly took
sides with Germany against the allied cause. This spirit of treason ia at
fully alive today as it was in the troublesome days of the war and is no
where shown with greater force and persistency than in Boston. F6ndly
referred to as the cradle of liberty by American patriots at one time, this
city has sadly degenerated as the headquarters, of as rotten a bunch of politi
cal hyphenates as ever disgraced any American city. So strong and arrogant
have they become that they are now attempting to insult historic America
y renaming many of Boston’s famous old squares, substituting new names
for those of Colonial and Revolutionary note. Chancellor C. S. McGown
of the American International College of Springfield, commenting recently
on conditions in Boston, said there were 20 organizations in that city seeking
to promote anarchy, bolshevism, and the eventual overthrow of the govern
ment. In view of such alarming conditions would it not be advisable for
those in authority to direct the secret service department to the task of
breaking up the activities of these secret organizations in their plottings
against the government? The Massachusetts city would appear to be a m<£e
fertile field than Mer Rouge for Inspector Bums and his sleuths in the
investigation of secret societies and tneir activities. Possibly this may be
one of the reasons why thus far there has been no call for inquiry into the
activities of secret societies in the city of Boston.—Fellowship Forum.
Newport Ministers Indorse Ku Klux Klan
Newport, Ky. (Special). At a
meeting held here last week, resolu
tions indorsing the Knights of the Ku
Klux Klan, if faithfully carried out
and denouncing the methods pursued
by a certain secret organization was
passed by the Campbell County Minis
terial Association.
The resolution follows:
“Whereas, the principles of the Ku
Klux Klan have been stated fully,
clearly and publicly from the pulpits
of different churches in this city; and
“Whereas, we believe those princi
ples to be for the best interest, if
faithfully carried out, to all classes
of persons who believe in justice, mor
ality and the enforcement of the law;
and
“Whereas, we are convinced that
those who wish to join this organiza
tion, for the purpose of putting into
effect the principles for which it
stands, have the same legal and moral
right to do so that men have to join
any other organization;
“Therefore, be it resolved by the
Campbell County Ministerial Associa
tion. First: That we denounce as
underhanded, unprincipled and un-
American the Jesuitical propaganda
that is being fathered and carried on
by a certain secret organization of a
certain religious sect and given pub
licity through the daily press.
“Second: That we denounce all
such grandstand plays as was pulled
off by the chief of police of Spring
field, Ohio., Mr. R. E. O’Brien, in
raiding the Klan meeting that was
being held in that city.
“Third: That we warn the Ameri
can Legion that if it draws the line
against the Ku Klux Klan, as is pro
posed by Father O’Connor, the nation
al chaplain, that it may expect the
legion to become purely a Catholic
and alien organization.
“Fourth: That, ia reply to the jibes
at the ‘hood’ which certain headline
writers seem to have an affinity for,
we call the public’s attention to the
historical fact that every member of
the Boston Tea Party was masked.
in the 1922 report of the Rev.
Schrembs for the participation in Hie
movement to kill off the Smith-
Towner and all other education
measures inimical to the interests of
the Catholic church and the parochial
schools.
and that every good American thanks
God for the Boston Tea Party.
“Fifth: That we express ourselves
unreservedly as being against any or
ganization that takes the law into its
own hands, but that we do not con
sider making crooked and corrupt of
ficials enforce the law, taking the
law into one’s own hands. We con
sider that a* high and meritorious
public service/’—The Searchlight.
Seattle Planning
To Build Its
Own Klavem
Seattle, Wash.—Experiencing diffi
culty in finding a fraternal hall in
the city of Seattle large enough to
accommodate Seattle Klan No. 4, a
building committee has been appointed
with instructions to hurry plans for
the construction of a Klavern, with a
seating capacity greater than any
other auditorium in the state of Wash
ington. It is fully expected that ac
tual work of construction will begin
before many months have passed and
all Seattle Klansmen are enthusiastic
over the prospect of a combined audi
torium, Klub Room and Klan Head
quarters.
Since receiving its charter several
months ago Seattle Klan Nq. 4 has
taken on new life and is growing rap
idly, not only in numerical strength,
but in quality of membership. Many
of the leading men in the city axe
making application for membership in
the Invisible Empire.—The Search
light.
Daring zero weather recently Wa.
Earl Blaney, Klansman of Monde,
Ind., was laid to rest. This funeral
was the largest ever held in Mtmcle.
Two hundred Klansmen were at the
graveside.—The Fiery Ouse*