hnn t man
il l. . ti I ll
WEDNESDAY. March 9, 1S64.
The" Progress, Again.
The devil cannot keep his cloven foot under
the cover, if tou were to dress him in crinoline
kU-1 allow far skirt a three feet drnggle. No
iucre cm this artful pipr, fed by so runny
hinds, conceal the secret strings of its heart;
b u:. as it w re un-tvoM thly. it bursts them if hen
tv-oi tho least occasion aiises.
Hut a fw days ago it was announced that
Gov. Brown, uf Georgia, had called a special
siscttirpof the Legislature : undlo! iuiincdintely
tire pedl imop.mitv appear. The Progress
S-jCa Lot know 44 what state of feeling may be
emitting In Georgia" the Progress would seem
to hope some state of feeling adverse to our'
Government sra? state that would enable it
as I that other McDurr again to "liy on: "
:n 1 manifestly it would be glad to leave th
impression that some. Ijd state of feeling eiit9
ii Georgia. It is thu3 by these insidious hint,
that our 3oMiers are misled oftinies misled
to death confessing in the hour of their igao.
iiiir.y the causes which milled them.
Again, ye.-tc-rda-y, a if elated with the suc
e I iti first eflort, the p tdil d'fertnity pro
trude i little further. Yesterday, it with txi
; 1. V dttijh t UtiA i VTISrACTIOX not COSCEALkO,
uiiQOiibces that '-Wright's peace resolutions were
is-. 1 :u the Yankee House of Representatives ;
htid that Wood and Cvr expressed favorable
opinion ct them. 44 S it seems" saya the
Progress. we hive peace men at the North a
well.-.- lit the South: and the wonder to us i,
t'i :t '.? two tb n-'t try t3 cverthrow Lincoln's
Jeo..tjsr.i m 1 end the war."
Now this "article cpoes the whole plan,
i .anoe and rn ect of tins now the oivj organ
the- Agitators in N'orth Carolina. First, it
ft .-.pesos a plan uf co-operation between itseif
tho whom it repicsent., nr. 1 Fernando
Wo.d a isd Cox of Yank eedoni--for it says
' Whenever they turn upon Lincoln and .Seward,
.jctr p p:e will staiid by an 1 help theoa."
Murk! the invitation is ti.us extended for a coa
lition rit to obtain independence but simply
feu-c. Not by lveogaition and a treaty but
by political combination to, put down Lincoln
snd So-war J. And then it s net our Govern
ment, bit oiR I'fjfLB that are to 4 stand by
ufid help." The same ahjury of tlie rightful
i:iu io, and the hauiC sdy, hut d angerou because
illegitimt-.e protrusion ot popu'ar action.
P.-is on vthr.t L:.-U is th;5 oalition between
lie, fvjtcts of the Ojafedcracy and Yankee
:bj-?cts tj Le put Vhy, on the basis of
)ijkf retoIiiii.Y'1 r.f resolution s
ihat .r.o -Mr. Vr;!:t, of Gtu-igiu, had the tic
tiiesi'.y t.i !l r. but which were never re;itl---wuiih
v, to i52o'.itt;d tit by the- whola IlcUiC,
:u.d i'ov the intro luctinn of which Mr. Wright
l!;!2ht O been Cxpell'Jtl, Lilt tluit lit left
ItichnviN'I .'.'id never returned and the House
did !; t think it was v.nh the pursuit. One
i!:t's icsIiilioiis rc.dj, that
4 In tii evont of such lect'gnitir.a, whether
i :;ey .M!in. t a pre.! upon thy furnutiun vi'
m v; Li o v k n ? m: si , founded upon the epiiility
a:i 1 s vere:;2!.tv id' the StateW
This 5f Mr. Wright jT'spoiiion hr y-race
which th? PiOgrc nijt openly, but slyly
ur.d covertly ad.'p's 1!)3 forinatioii ' a ne'-v
(5 )Vivnr:int-o-f i.iircr:imetil in other wrJs,
ilr.ip'.i- and unadulterated i:e-c NrurcTi-.N'.
A: id t-j whom is this addressed ? To a
p .i.e ;;i'y the North not cue of whom
! :; ; sp:k.M cf pc.ice except in coi
i.r t.o uitii ro-cocstrucliou !
li. vur c pinion, a raore treasonable, nrls
t !:! -kis and intolerable suggesti?u has no
v.-i.ere L'Ci: uiiervil. than is cuMainfcd in this
upp.kiv-ntiy i:.si;:;'.iu:ant, bat deep audpreiucd
st.it, d :uti:!e of tl-o riure.
Yo shii unceasingly watn the people of
tuo ..vtr: d.s?st:s to lead then into per:!
vA tu tietitroy the (iovemnient : and if they
iso.ipf the observation of the la t'flicers of
the tiuvt-riuuv-ut. it siiall not Le cur fault.
Wo h.vi h. jr.il tli.ii mischief and agitation
yniii h,ov stop.d ; but its course is only
h".n.-rd. The cnr ls ar now being played
Ur. ii:stad of un the tuhle.
Mark csr pTt diction ! In less thau one
wi.k li oi t.-dny, this article will appear
i-i the Ci'hi'r.ns of Gei. Mil!irJ'y l'mkfe, of
Xc .vl erri Uot: ide of alvertisen: nts by
o.ir unsv-rupoh iis Kies.of the Farms a'.il pro
perty of m:r citi.jns f r s.a!e and rent. And
the rrfee from Xewbern, as he ca'ihes a
lew f thisdeicrtcd sheet, finds the negro
and YanUee advertising frr.i !:is own tloor-
av.dsid1 by ft Is finds the PrcgraVs editorial,
ei.Coniapg it ccntinuancc. How long oh '
Low Ion-?
Men who xupp-jse that uk ncy is a drug, wilj
lind out by tho time a third ii taken off the
value of all treasury notes and the taxes of
two ) ear are collected in or.e payment, that
they have been laboring under a grave error.
The currency and tax bills combined, are little
?L-e than a fSYced loan, and to the extent that
this loan depreciates currency, men will find
themselves without casb, and property will bu
thrown into the maiket at reduved prices.
We predict, therefore, au eager and r xhaust
ie5S demand f r money, which mu be sup
plied either by mortgage or a sale of a portion
of what one owns.
The Standard made its appearance last
evening, after a suspension of a week or two,
and in it we find a Card '-To the People cf
N'orth Carolina," s'gned V. W. Holden,"
announcing himself ' a candidate for the of
iice of Governor of North Carolina, at the
election to 1-e heldoa.he first Thursday iu
August text." We will give our reflections
upon the Card and other subject matter we
find in the paper, from time to time, as the
ipint niaymuv u.
For the Confederate.
Mr.ssns Km rons. The futine histoiian of
! the present war, when be shall come to peak
cf the hatred and opp-siti6n of some among
: us to the eaue of S .uthtrn freedom, must do
j so in trms tenfold more severe than any that
j have been applied to the Royalists of the old
i llpvolnthm. In the case of the latter theiw
were many circumstances which if they did
j not entirely justi y, certainly extenuated in
; onv? decrees th' ir offence. Descendants, in
' main, of those who hid Wen the firm friend.
I and supporter i f the unfortfi'nate House of
Smart, they maintained under all circum
stances thfir attachment to royalty, and rc
re&pcc'ed what t'ney CA:n?iderfcd.ii sacred pre-
r.gatives. Fleeing from the perseciiti n3 of
I Cromwell h'kI the Round heads, large num-
Lers of them settled in Yir;iuia and the Caro
; l:ua-, and gave tu the South that code of
j honor and chivalry which Las been its pride
i and glory. The eaoR?s which led to the
j separation of the cihds from the" muthrr
j country weighed but lightly upon them, for
: the teasou that they were engaged almost ex-
eluHvtly in agricultural pursuits. Toose
j causes had their origin. nt so much in ques-
tions of taxatim, as in the oppressive mariymo
laws of Ki-.g'an True it is. there had W-n
' sar:e complaints i:i the South re Provinces in
j regrd to taxation, but the difiicnlties were of
I a nature ei"y to he adjusted The people of
j the New Engl ted Provinces were largely
; engaged in commercial pursuits, and the pro
! visions tif !he Navigation Act, which was
I passed daring the reign of Cromwell, "wul l
j have weighvd upon'thm grievously, hnd not
i Puritan ingennitY and cunning found- out
i means f evading it. That it was evaded
; nn-t efiecttially, is hovn by the following
J extract from one of their own historins:
j "The valu of tea consumed in America was
j estimated at .300,000 annually. Nearly tbo
whoie n .antily was smuggle; Pennsylvania,
j Ma-ssavttue-tt-i nod X'-w Y'ork were the great
I tnarcS. Tiie risk of leisure for .many year
j was small, "and it is sai l. that, at one period
not ime chert in five hundred of that wh;c?i
; was lai:led-at 0 K-ton, fell into th hands of
the ofiievs of the custom-. S ime of the
! merchants of that town had, become lich ia
the traffic, and a consileiable jnrt of the
hirce f;r:tinn which IIanccok inherited from
Lis uncle, w a thus .acquired."
! Had the merchants of Boston been prrtntt
I te! to continue their smuggling operations,
j it is more than probable the revolution of '7(5
j w..uld ii' t have taken place. But the Eng
. lisli government having resorted to stringent
measures in regard to the collection of. its
customs, the people, of Boston suddenly Ls
came verv piitrioiie, and commenced throwing"
I the tea from aboard the ships into the water,
j That act of patriotism drew down on its au
j thors the veugeance of the government, and
' the result was the closing 'he port of Bjstor.,
1 with other jets of severity against the inhab-.
j iMnts. What was the action ther. of tne
I Cavaliers of the South ? Of sixty odd public
i meetings held denouncing the acts f the
! government, and expressing sympathy for
I the people of Boston, all, save one, were in
the S -nt'nern colonies. Yet. in the resolu
. tions passed by thosu meetings, not a won I
j was to he found in reference to separation
; from the mother o ir.it ry. Indeed, as late as
March, 1770, a distinguished statesman of
Pennsylvania said "there was a strange re
luct?, r.ce in the mir.ds of many, to cut the
I kn-.t that tics us to Great Britain, pnrticulixr
j bj in this Colony an'I (o the Soulivarrt."
; Ag iin, in a letter written by Gen. Y-s!-j
ton in the sane month, he says "the people
j ef Virginia, from their form of government,
! and sleii'.ly a'iaehut'nt htielofore. to loyalty,
will eoiue reluctantly into the i.lea d' i;.-'
dependence.1' But tlie peop!e of ?da.-.aehu-I
5tts. incited by the S nit hern sympathetic
: meetings held in their behalf, earrib-d
mailers to extremes. After blood had bown
on the hiils e-f B ston, the Southern cav-
! alior, prompted, by the noble and generous
; unpu ses of his nature, hastened to the sue-
cor of his Northern countrymen. That nniiy
fchouid have adhered to the British flag, is
! not difilcult to account for. It was under that
flag their ancestors had battled in opposition
i to tho usurpations of Cromwell, and around
i it clustered memories and associations dear to'
their htart. They loved and revered their
j mother, venerable bv age, and p iwerin by
tribute. To become rebels to her authority,
1 they considered a crime; belkving that the
! then existing difficulties could have been
j amicably adjusted. Snch were some of th
i me4ives that influenced the Royalists of the old
Revolution ; and if they tid rrot entirely jus
( tify. they certainly extenuated their offence
I if ifienee it can be called.
But here ia a very different state of
tilings. Ait-r North Carolina, in virtue or
her tovsrignty, withdrew frcm the F'deral
league, her citizrns ownl no further allegiance
to the United States. What, then, can justify
those among ns who arc suspected of being
the secret fi lends of the eUl Government ? In
what consists their veneration for the house
of Abraham the first ? Is it because he is the
head and embodiment of the principles of those
whose ancestors fought our fathers at Marslon
I Moor and on the plains of N-.seby 1 Messrs.
Editors, New England fanaticism i3 no new -thing-.
It d;res back centuries ago. From
tne time it drank the bloe-d . of Charles thd
j first, down to our own days, its thirst r
human gore has been insatiate. W heu
ever a noble cavalier could not be had, it has
been content with more humble victims.- For
T-.r.vr.f i-f lliii turn tn tbf nap-p of ita mm
ij.,, v,. ...... ( o
bloody statute books Bat I am digressing
ny purpose is not to write the history
i of New England fanaticism, but show how
! 'deep and lasting must be the infamy of those
among uc, who shall out and abet its wi d
and savage hunt for southern blood. This is
not a war for conquest merely, or glory, or
any of the motives that ordinarily impel nation
to invade the rights of nations; but it is a
war in which, the enemy of all mankind
having obtained possession of the hearts and
consciences of men, directs and controls. The
crescent and the cross, that have met upon a
j hundred battle fields, were not more distinct
I ive than are the Stars and Barsandthe Stars
and Stripes. And he among us whom history
shall write down as a traitor to our cause, wil I
deserve-and receive an iufamy second only to
that of a Judas Iscariot.
In what I have said of fanaticism, Messrs .
Editors, I do not wish to be understood as
saying that it has taken possession of the
entire populat:on of New England. I believe
some good men may be found there. We
have among us many of puritan birth or ex
traction, and, it is with pleasure I say it, same
of them may be counted among our most
worthy and useiul citizens, and have no sym
pathy with those who are engaged in the
unrighteous crusado against us.
P.
The unfertunate accident on the Wilming
ton and Manchester Rail Road last week ap
pears to have been caused by the breaking of
an axle.
Col. John M. Brockenbrough, of the 40th
Virginia regiment, ha resigned. "
Oxford, Granville Cc.
EJilors of the 'Vonjr.derafe : As I h ive
waited several wejeks fur an account of a
1 1 old en elemonstra ion which cams off at this
place on Tuesday the 2Gih of January, and
as the Siandard has ocen silent on the suojecr,
I havj ventured to give, the public a few of
.the particulars of said meeting.
In the first place, it was made known at the
Wilton meeting on tlve 21-t, (which hsre
l e n so extensively noticed in the Standard
and Progress,) that there would be a meeting
uf all tiie substitute men. of Granville at Ox
ford on the 26th, at winch time business of
great importance would be laid before' them.
It was especibly, requested that-eery substi
tute man and his friends should be present.
Ace rdiogly, on tlio above named day there
was a smart sprinkling of the above elescribe4
individuals assembled in the Court house at
the sound uf the beil, aud also a respectable
number of outsiders s-ty one hundred and.
fifty, or two hundred when, on motion, L
A. Pas -'nail was called to the chair, who upon
faking his seat requested a Mr. Edwards 'to
explain the objects of the meeting : where
upon this little man arose to his feet and
made a speech and such a speech 1 I shall
not attempt to follow him, but there "was one
pa:t of it that astonished some of the natives
the in part which he alluded to Jliywi (Jaarta
and its being extor'e.J from king J -hn by h
old Kreuch Haruns at the battle of Pharsalia.
With the exception of the above flight it
showed plainly throughout, that it was care
lu!y compiled from tj)e m st choice articles of
the Standard. He gave particular promi
nence to the idea that the liberty of Nor h
C;U'oiina was in great danger of bein
entirely subverted by the Government at
Richmond in short, his speech was made up
of i he grossest abuse of his own Government.
rAnd the strangest part of the matter is, thit
ji -t one word of fault did he find of A'oram
Lincoln, and his vile crt-w of hirelings, who
at that very ?im? were devastating the firo;-t
portion of our State.
After veurelatiug him?elf quite extensively
for abiut one hour he took his seat, having
satisfied every ind'vidual present that Mr.
E. was a great man in his own opinion.
Sir. J. T. Ltttlejohn then rose and remaiked
tluit lie did not get up, to make a speech, but
he woubl simply remark that these meetin gs
were treasonable, and were calculated to do a
gr At deal of barm at a distance, but none
where the authors and movers were known,
ile took his seat amidst some app'ause, and
s ;ine hisses from the Holdeniies, and I pre
sume it was not thought safj to offer jhe reso
lutions which Jaad been carefuly prepared, (of
c-urse) for fear they would be voted down by
an indignant majority. So. on motion, th's
meeting vs adj' urned to Febrnary Court.
But that was the lasi of it ! No meeting
tuck place Court ' week, for the very go d
reason that the men of this county would
have indmnntlv frowned down anv such reso
lutioiis as were asscd at Wilton by a few
substitute men aud H adenites.'
VYe protest against the idea of men who
have meiteied themselves from military ser
vice behind little elerkt-hips, Wing the x
ponenti?" and r -p s-M.taii ves of public opinion
in tiiis county. Granville is all r i c i T ; be sure
of that 'hough we may hare a few traitors
and covaids amongst us. We love and
honor Gov. Vance and are tor a vigorous prose
cution of the war, mail we canget an honor
able p:;;ce through tbe proper channel.
Gkantille.
NEWS BY THfC MAILS.
From the iiichmord Examiner.
Fighting in NoiiTif!:RN Gkohgia. rThe
Government has received no -official intelli
gence of the tighdng in Northern Georgia,
reported in tho telegraphic column ; and the
conclusion is that the whole affair was hardly
more ihan iieavy s!iirmihing It is supposed
that the enemy" nado the demons! ration to
determine the truth of the rumor circulated in
their camp that Johnston's army had cen
weakened by detachments of his forces to the
Southwest; and that the. Yankees have ben
so well satisfied in this regard that they have
beat a hasty retreat to (he Chickatnauga.
LoSGstrf.et's Movement Capture of
Yankees. It is no longer disguised that
L- mgstreet has fallen back to Greensville and
Bull's Gap. It is reported that a portion of
his forces crossed the river at Strawberry
Piains on Saturday last, andv--ro attacked on
Sunday by the enemy, which drve;our forces.
back. The pontoon bridges were cut loos? to
keep the enemy from pursuing. . The report
is, that Longstreet fell back to prevent a Hank
movement. We may say, however, that the
public need ft el no anxiety as to this move
ment of Longstreet, as we are assured that its
real object, which of course it would be im
prudent to mention, is very Jar from being the
occasion for any misgivings.
For a long time Longstreet's army has been
an idle force in the Confederacy. When it
fell .back from Knoxville, it went into winter
quarters near Morristown, where it has t)een
Ik
in a state of isolation until ecently. Wo d
not know that the bridges have yet been re
paired on the route to Morristovvn from Bris
tol, a distance cf ninety miles, traversd 'by
couriers and uncertain mi.il carriers. - The
Ilolston has divided the two armies, which
the enemy has now crossed. It is c mjoctumi
that the Yankees desire to occupy the count ry
heldbv Lougstreet, in order to subsist them
selves duricg the winter ; but on the other
baud it is very certain that LongstrGet has
not retired frmi the pressure of the enemy's
forces, but for considerations entirely iqdepen
dent of them.
Citmberland Gap.A letter from the
neigh borhiHxJ cf Cumberland Gap, says:
44 The Yankee forces in this country are
limited. Only five regiments at the Gap.
These forces are suffering for supplies of eve
ry character. Their trains are captured every
time tbey dare to venture to this county for
supplies. You need not be surprised to hear
of the enemy evacuating the Gap at any day.
Our forces hover arouud them 'daily so lose
that ihey can't come far ou this side of the
mountain."
Feom the South-Side We have again
rumors of demenstrai ions of the enemy on tho
South Side. It is reported that a Yankee
gunboat came up Pagan Creek last Friday
morning, and it was supposed that troops in
tended to land at Smithfield. t
On Thursday night, a party of Yankees
lauded at Barrett's neck, and came up near the
village of Chuckatuck, but without commit
ting many depredations, returned to the boat.
The Tax Law. We learn that, according
to the construction of the recent tax law in the
Treasury Department, tax-payers will be re
quired to state tbe articles and objects subjeot
ed to a specific or ad valorem tax, held, own
ed, or possessed by them on the 17th day of
February, 1864, the date of tbe act.
The daily wages of detailed soldiers and
other employees of the Government are not
liable U taxation as income, although they
may amount, in the aggregate, to the sum of
cne thousand dollars per annum Richmond
Examiner,
CONSCRIPT OFFICE,
Wilmington, N. C, Feb. 27, 1864. J
Slit: I have been informed that you have
made an unkind allusion in your paper to
Capt. .Barnett, and I, formerly Conscript
Officer'for the 3d Cong" District, N. C... be
cause of the publication in the UUeigh Pro
gress of our appointments for the examination
of' Conscripts in that District. .
In reply I will say, that! proposed to Capt.
Barnett to m ike the publication in your paper, ,
but he insisted that it should be made in the
paper having the largest circulation.
In reply, we have only to say, that our re
marks on the matUr referred to, were intended
to show that it was rather ungrateful in a
papvr receiving Government patronage through
its Enrolling Officers and others, to be throw
ing all manner of impediments in the way of
the success of that Government ; and that it
was tpuite singular that Government Officers
should select 'such a 'medium for publishing
official orders.
As to tho paper having the largest circula
tion, Capt. Barnett had betur ascertain the
fads in t' e case, bt he be guilty of mislead
ing others. For his information we assert,
;hat The Confederate has a larger irculation,
l.y several hundred, than any other D ;i!y nenv
published or. that has ever bpi;n published in
Raleigh and the Progress pubii-h.es nne
but a dailv. '
For The Confedesate.
Honor to whom Honor Is Due.
Editous of Confederate : Being a lover of
justice and wishing to see all have their deser
ved portion, I am prompted to write a few lines
in order that I may bring beforo the public the
deserving merits of Col. W (', Clarke, of the 2 1th
N. C. Regiment. -
This gallant officer, when the war broke out,
was practising law in Texas ; but no sooner
had the tocsin, sounded its blast c tiling the
country to arms, thau he, true to hi? mother
State, left the laud of his adoption and came
to cast his lot with North Carolina's sons.
Upon his arrival he was elected Colonel of the
24th Regiment of N. C. Volunteers, and w.tS
immediately sent to Western Virginia, where
he saw hfrd service, which thinned the ranks
of his gallant Regment, and now, many a
mound of earth on Uig Sewell Mountain, marks
tbe spot where lie many brave suns of North
Carolina, and but for the energies of the Col.,
probably many who now compose his command,
would have been placed alongside those ou the,
rugged heights of Sewell Mountain; but his'
untiring droits at last prevailed ou the War
Department to allow him to bring his regiment
to Petersburg to recruit. Ha was then sent to
N. C, where be remained until the Spring of 'G2,
w hen the regiment reorganized ami unanimously
re-elected him Colonel, The regiment was then
placed in Gen. It. Ransom's Brigade. The Col.
gallautly led the regiment in the battle-? around
Richmond, through the .Maryland campaign, and
at the ba'tle of Frederieshurg. He has been
with t'ae regiment in every fight in which it has
been engaged save one. He is seioor Col. of
the State, and besides has been a military man
since the Mexican war, and bears now the traces
of wo-m la received in that struggle, for which
service he was breveted Mjor. So you see he
is no latter-day military man; but one enured
to hardships, experienced in military rule3 and
tactics, and in every way capable of having a
higher posirion thau he now holds; but not
withstanding a!l this, there have been twojunior
T'olonels promoted frcm the s,umc Brigade with
Col. Clarke, and yet you henr no murmur, but
like a true patriot and high-minded gentleman,
which he is, he says not a word, and looks only
for promotion through merit upon the field of
battle. Bat as 1 heard it remarked by an offi
cial the other day, I fear he has no friends to
urge his claims, and he is too proud to enter
tbe game of 44 you push me and I'll push you."
It would be a source of pleasure to his many
friends io North Carolina to see him promoted,
and I hope that yet his may be crowned with
the chapet of honor, which, it so justly merits ;
but let his fortunes be as they may, we shall
honor him lor his deeels, and when history,
impartial history, shall make up its record of
honors, may he have his full share.
A Soldi ke.
For The Confederate.
Xortli Carolina is. Virginia.
Having had occasion 4 o travel much recent
ly Ui the State of North Carolina, we elf sire
to express our sincere thanks to its people
for t el. uniform kindness to un. and to the
ladies of Lexiuif.n tlo we especially wish to
testify our gratitude for their unbounded hos
pitality during a brief soj urn at that place.
But uiflce before, daring throe years' service,
have we met with a welcome which has left
ciich a lasting impression upon our men.
Williamburg, Va., and Lexington, N. C, will
not be forgotten by us. Their kindness and
patriotism has had a.gooel effect, and a ten
dency to remove the false idea which had
been created by newspapers. If the ladies of
the Confederacy would emulate the noble ex
ample of the kind-hearted and patriotic ladies
of Lexington, the lnely. life of our soldier
boys would be cheered and they would ,o .
forrh io the conflict with a determination to
couquer or ehe iu elefeuce of the liberties of
the country.
In this connection, we desire to say a word
in regard to a reference'madc in the Confeder
ate to out Brigade (Corse's) at' Newbern.
Neither the men Jf this command, nor our
brave, great-hearted old Brigadier, partake of
the feeling of hostility for Carolinians which
the newspapers sem to think exists between
the troops of the two States. Iu the first bat
tle of the revolution (Bethel) it was cur for
tune and privilege to stand by the side cf a
Carolina regiment, and the only man who
was killed on that memorable day. was a na
tive born Virginian and an adopted son of
j North Carolina. On many a hard contested
field since that day our meu have fought side
by side with the gallant sons of the old North
State, and, with all deference, it does seem to
us that instead of engendering a spirit of jeal
ousy, our editors should endeavor to foster
feelings of harmony among our soldiers'.
Piease call tho attention of the Richmond
papers to this article. VYe are anxious that
the people of Virginia sliDuid know how their
soldiers are treated by the kind-hearted and
hospitable citizens of North Carolina.
It would not be improper to state here, that
this Regiment has unanimosly re-enlisted for
the war. .
By giving this an insertion in your paper
you will confer a favor on the officers and
men of the - 15TU VA.. REGT.
The falling back of Geo. Lougstreet is no
longer a secret, and, we are gratified to learn,
through direct sources, was not prompted by
any pressure on the parj, of the enemy. Tho
probability is that he retired from his position
in order to subsist his army better, as well as
for-other reasons imprudent to mention at this
time.
The three rule given by the celebrated
John Hunter for th rearing of healthy chil
dren were " Plenty of milk, plenty of elwp,
and plenty f JlanntL"
A Seblc Youth.
The Fayettevillo Observer, of Monday 'last,
says:
A friend has shown us a letter from a boy
of 18 years to Ids aunt in. this place, which so
abounds with noble sentiments, consistent
with noble acts, that we make a a extract from
itand ask whether a people hoe boys are
made of such stuff likely to be subjugated?
Tho youth vol unter real in an Arkansas regi
ment at the beginning of the war, when be
was but fifteen years of nge,.nnd has been con
tont to serve ever i-ince as a private in the
army of Tennessee, n w in Georgia, and now
declines a proposal of his nuut to endeavt r to
get him'a place- where he might, servo the
Confederacy with more comfort, and. less
danger, and gives such generous reasons j)f re
fer as must strike every one with admiration
After quieting his auui's mind as to himself
and his brother (an cfiicer) bth having been
barefooted, by the as-uranco that tlrry were
now well clothed, he says:
" I am extremely gratef ul to Unele for his
endeavors to procure me a place, and I cannot
tell you how delighted I would fc to lite with
ou, but honor and duty compel me to decline.
I am now eighteen a litt'e over. I m ro
bust and inured to bar labips. This is the
most trying 1 our our country has yet seen.
She needs every one. It would be inconsis
tent b .th with what I'lnve preached
practiced to leave active b-rvice now. Wool I
it tin look cowardly and weak for me, after
fighting and marching for nearly three yeais,
that toy when there was s me danger of disease
mastering me do now g " back r.oin the front,
leaving perhaps, some father of a family to
fill the place that sin uld be mine, I to retire
to the peaceful occupation that should be Ids?
This when I am its stout as an oak ? No, dear
Aunt, I know you w ill agree with me. My
health iiyoo l; I have never yi.-ided to des-
I pondetiey. The country is pluug- d in "lojtn
traitors are anr-ai ; soicuiators arc suck-
nig mo Ji;e-oioovi of our
l. . t. .. . ' r . l
currency.
iuwn me voreraus o mrre veirs
iigniiog
and marcning sue-, as has never
bven
surpassed, even these men allow diConient
to eat away the props that have sus
tained their heart's patriotism, pride and re
venge, and are allowing that fell crime d ser
tion to enter their midst. How could I look'
at this state of things not arid vow never to lay
down my arms liil yaukecs with all their
fail, polluting customs and "isms" are ban
ished from our South? 1 know you will feel
I am light. Another greater and" more fo-ei-ble
argument than any is, that there has been
started iu this army a -spirit of re-enlislmcnt
that is spread. tig through the entire force, and
which I venture to say will mike this armv
by spring one consolidated, enthusiastic and
determined bulwark between our homes and
the enemy. It seems as if Providence, ever
merciful, lo'.d in all - our darkness, given us
ih:s one ray of light by which to see our way.
The movement commenced with the 154th
Tennessee, and spread like wiid fire Ihro tgh
all th 'T i nuessee reinruts, to that (he whole
of 'Cheatham's, and most of Stewart's divis
sigos have voluntarily re-enlisted fbr the war.
Last week she first signs in our divisons
showed themselves. One beautiful night I
was awiikcne 1 by or.e prolonged eluvr, and on
going out fout.d au immense crowd aroun I
the Colonel's tenr. There were about 3 000
perfectly wild with enthusiasm, who had
con io to show tin ir desire and willingness to
go iu lor the war. After a speech from the
Colonel, they forme-da procession and started
for Gen. G ovan. There was a band of twe;;-ty-tive
musicians, and tiiimcn inarched to
the tune of "Dixie," with as much life and
enthusiasm as in '01. It was a glo-ious
sight ; 1 shall n-;ver forget it. Guild tho cow
ardly skulkers have seen it, they would be
ashamed in their hearts-. The next day the
enlisting commenced ai.d the maj iity of the
brigade is "already in. It will all io doubt go
in. The ( 'oloiici, alter sweating iu the officers,
assembled the men. Tney were sworn in
bunches of fours. There thoe.men, the fiivs
of patriotism illuminating their eyes, their
hats off, their hands on the Bible, aloud wish
the blush of -consei'-us heroism oh their faes
taking the oath of eternal fidelity to their
country. In that oath they swore to die free
men rather than live slaves. Oh, it was a
grand sight.
Gen. Johnston is very popular, and has the
commence of the army
Internal Sirlfc.
The Lynchburg Republican publishes a let
ler from "an army correspondent near Some:
ville Ford, Va.t which gives the following ac
count of the Yankee re-cn!istment:
44 Two gentlemen, who have been scouting
in Prince William county, and have just re
turned from there, staid in camp last night,
and report that there has been a heavy fight
among a corps ef Yankee troops stationed
near Bristoe Station, under the following cir
cumstances :
A day bad been appointed for re-enlisting
the men of this corps, and a large number of
barrels ot whiskey had b?en brought elown
and the heads knocked out and tho men in
vited to drink, in order to get them up to the
sticking puiui. Some of the Dutch and Irish
pitched in, got tight, and arrayed themselves in
the lines of the re-enlisted, but the calculating,
full-blooded Yankees, together with a large po:
tionof thewhole, smelt the rat and refused to
patticip'ate; whereupon the re-enlisted fllen
commenced taunting the rest, and ageneral row
followed, all parties seizing tfceir arms. The
fight lasted for hours, and the firing is said to
have been terrific. Th commanding officer
had sis pieces of artillery opened on the insur
gents, and- finally succeeded in restoring quiet.
Five hundred men are reported as killed, and
a long train of ambulances and wagons were
loaaea ana sent, ou wun wounuco. l pre
sume there is no doubt as to the truth of this
affair, as officers in this regiment have received
letters from their families in that neighbor
hood confirming the facts, and stating that
they heard the firing, Two thousand of
the men implicated in this matter were placed
in irons, which fact will give you some idea
of the extent and importance of this affair.
i This is the second fb'ht tbe Yaukces have had
lately, as reported by a prisoner.
iwo Yankee regiments, whose terms of ser
vice had expired, were ordered to advance
against the rebels, which they refused to do,
and a brigade was ordered against them.
Tbe two regiments are 6aid to have whipped
the brigade, both losing about one hundred
men killed and wounded.
Notice.
T 7 E will sell at public auction, for cash, at our
V V Factory in Tbomaaville, X. C, on Saturday
12th March next, three hundred gallons of good
old pure proof peach and apple BK4XDV.
Also, one hundred affd twenty boxes Tobacoo of
I different brand, one Jack, aud a good second-hand
''i i iir J . V. M
Tbe aale will begin at bal'-pst on o'clock, P.
M., io order to give tbe Western train time to
arrive. J. K. & M. H. PIXNIX.
Tfawamlle, fab. 24, 1S64. 32 dBt
WANTED,
N' EXT month, a Selnml, public oc pi ir4f?. p
teach thd Classics, Freti'di and Lnglidi.
R-EFKr.iiNOEs. Judgii Tybsr, Jii -h Vi. ;
Nat. Tyler, Bq., of the Unqai t, ltichiuud, V.,
and Processor rsmith. Cliaptl ilill, . C
Terms accordiug to thj currency. AdJre,
with proposal.
GEORGE PADOISO.V, (sbtu-x.)
Gravelly Hill, p. O., llbiden, X. (!.
32-tw2t.f wit
. MACHINIST WANTED:
WANTED, a goa l Mich!ni. t Mke "'ltrgt
r.f a Stoma 5w mid Jrist Mill. T on
tbvt will come well reoitnoend-d a t.) jnbi i -tr
industry and skid, a liberal prire will hi p tM. '
Addresi, . lr. V,Kit (J. STUt;.
Jojner's Depot, WiIsbb, C., X. C.
3!-d2tAwlt
VOUTII CAROLI.NA, Superior Court uf I
ll Lenoir Coi xtv. Full Trrni UC?..
.j v..
Julio II. Jackson and llob't U. Vaa
.
MnM Ihitterion.
Orijirml Attachment Levi -d on on? Town L it la
the Sown uf Ktiuton.
Intlds c.u?, it t ordered that publication hi
made in a newspaper published in th.. StU-, for
six veck3. notifying the ! .-fen Janr, that ifih-j h
appear within the time prtcrib?d by I iw, v
pleviv? and pleads, judgment bv default vl!J I...
entered against him, and tho lot levied oa will U
old to sdtiifv th i pUintilT's account.
Witne, Ju?tas Kdney. Clerk of id C urt. nt
oflic at Kington, the third Moudav aftiotft 'fourth
Monday cf Sei.temb.r, IMS. liiu.-d '2U ,Jtv- wl
February, 1S61.
5-wCt J USTUS Kl.XSKV, C. S. C.
OTATK OF NOUT CAK0LIXA, '
rO - W.viikex Coewrv, j
rojrji T OF HQ CITY
Ldin Harrison Hawkins, nn infaut under th i
ag of twenty-one years, ly .lames A. Eg.-i ton, hi t
guardian and next friend, 'Charles M. Cook ari l
Juhn E. Miller, x'cut:tra of the bit will and t
t anient of Winifred W. Hawkins, deceased, aul
Jane B. Miller,
Benjamin E. Conk, executor of John II. Hawkhn,
deceased, John H. b'lcming, Jane Vlk.r. ( f ir
inerlv O.-neary, ) B.Mijriun )). Cook and Sally If
(Took; hii Wile, John H. Kimball, of the State of
Tennessee, Fannv II. Kimball, of the said Stab of
Tennessee, and Nancy Power of the State of Mi,
issippi.
It appearing from th atllf.irit RUi in the ii.-.
or the said Court, that John II. Kimball Fantiv Jl.
Kimb.dl and Xancv Power, three of the defend inH
in this cause, reside beyond the limits of t Lis
Slate, it ii therefore ordered that publication be
male in thi lial .-igh Confederate, tor t lx weeks,
not-dying the said defendants of the filing- of th'n
bill, and that unless th'-y appear at the n "it term
of said Court, to be held at the Curt House in
Warrenton, on the Third Mnndav aftn the Fourth
Monday of March nxt, and plead, answer r de
mur to the said bill, thesi:n-will betaken a con
fessed aud heard expatte as to them. Witn-s,
Char les M. Cook, Cl-rk and Master f .si,f Couc,
Mo.Ticein Warrenton. th ; Third Monday after
the Fourth Monday of September. 18G3.
Issu-'d 1st dav of February, Itfrtl.
-M- COKC. M. K.
VTtic'. Tbfl sijhsvrlbpr ?i;ivlng at Fob7
1A mary term IS it. ,,f Wake C. (J., been dulr
appointed and qualifird as ihninilratorif Samurl
D. Morgan, deceased, hereby gives tiolk'e to u!l
persons to present their account, debt. eUims
and demands of every kind against hi said init
iate, tohiinforpaym-'tit, dulv ttth?ntic:ited within
the time prescribed by I it," otherwise thi u.nie
will b'j phad in bar of their tveoverv.
Notice is also given, that a. Administrator afore
said, ho will on the Oth day of March next, at th
late dwelling house, of hiaid intcstat, Samu.-l
D. Morgan, deceased, in th county of Wake, oflVr
for sale, horse, mules, cattle, bog, .sheep, farming
utensil? ; a large iuantbv of manufactured tobai-eo
iu boxes, and leal fcnbacvn, cotton in bales h'His !
hold and kitchen furniture, u.id other articles, on
a credit of twelve month; bond with approved
sureties will bo required uf the purchasers. Said
sale w ill be continued from day to dav until all i
!d. At the .-amu tiim ami place, 1 shall olf-r for
hire a large number of negro slaves of nv .sH in
tesratt, until the 25fh day of December ne'xt ; bond
with approved sureties will be required of tho
hirers WILLIAM LAWS, .fU'r.
February 10, 1SC1. 4 'Jw.
C'Mirt ofKqultjr for VakcToTini"yV
Srru.NQ Tkrm, 1SU4. C
Ceen High. J '
The Heirs of Hudson High, rfce'd, and other
Petition for tale of land :
It appearing that the defend ints in this cau
to wit Leonidas High, uu Martini, hi sister,
.trel her hub.-ind, (if h- ho married) aro n..n-re;.
dents of the State, advertisement is hereby tai lj
for suid Man tan's t. appear t the next term of
paid Court, on the First Monday "after tho f Mirth
Monday of March next, at the Courthouse in Ibd
eigh, to plcaJ, answer or demur to the plaintiff's
petition.
Witntvs. R. (. Lewi. Clerk and Matter in H.iai
ty for Hake county, at ofli;e in talpi2h, thif 17th
day of February, A. D. I?fl-. iltJ(l ju fiic ye.,r ,)f
Atoorican Indcpendetjee the .MSth.
"6t K. G. LEWIS, CM. E.
North Carolina, . superior c ourt cf Law.
Warren Coi-ntv. ) Fall Term,
John V. Cawthom, Executor uf Henry Cawthorn.
r..
Daniel Bowden Original attachment levied on
Land
In this cae it is ordered that publication be
made in a newspaper published in tho city of
Raleigh, for six weeks, notifying thu defendant,
that unless he appear within the time pn-s-eribed
by law, and replevies and plead', judgment bv de
fault will be entered against him, and tho land
levied on will ba condemned to satisfy the plaintiff's,
recovery.
Witness, Benjamin E. Cook, Clerk ofsaid Court
at office in Warrenton, the third Monday after tho
fourth Monday of September, 1kg:J.
HEN J. E. COOK, C. S. C.
Issued 1 3th day of February, 1804. ."-0w.
Xortll tarollna, ) Court of Equity, Fall
Waures County. ) Terra, If 03.
Marlon Sanders and Sarah X. his wife, X. T
Green and Lucy X. hi j wile, Jhn H. Murphy and
Caroline M. his wife, Thomas P. Al-.by), William
W. Alston and Frederick McWilliams.
Benjamin A. 'Lavender, Win. Tcel and Florenco
his wife, Benj. A. Lavender, Jr., Eliza Ann Bod
die, Joel Lupton and James White.
In this cae it is ordered that publication be
made in a newspaper published in the citv uf
Raleigh, N. C, as to the non-resident defendants,
to wit: Eliza Ann Boddie, Joel Lupton and James
White, for tix weeks, notifying th-in of th ? filing
of this bill, and that unlcps'they appear at the next
term of this C urt, to be hold at the Curt House
in Warrenton, on the third Morday after the
fourth Monday of Match, A. 1). Ibfi4, and plead,
answer or demur thereto, the same will be taken
as conp?s?ed, and heard exparte as to them.
Witness, Charles M. Cook, Clerk and Master of
S'id Court, at oHicc in Warrenton, the third Mon
day after the fourth Mondav of September, lhoS.
. C. M. COOK, C. M. E.
Ismcd 13th day of February, 18G4. f C.v.
Lost Certificate or Stork. The under
signed has lout the following Certilicate. .To.
1424 tor $500, issued to T. X. Cooper, Raleigh,
dated July 2'Jth lfcn3, and a..igned over to Sam I
Martin. Every person is forbidden to purchasa
thssame, aaapplica ion will be made for its renew
al. SAM'L MARTI X.
4 6w Salem, X. C.
Office of Chirr Quartermaster, RaleLgb,
February 17tb ibCL Prtqmsals will bo re
ceived at this oil.ee uracil tbe I'Mh inst., for tho
manufacture of Oil from the Tithe Pea Nuts.
Proposals must state the price jer gallon for tho
oil produced; as the Government will require
tbe total prodaca of oil as well as oilewke.
W. W. PEIIiCE.
20-d3tw3t Mai. and Chief y. M.
2rWiImington lournal, 'Fayettevllle OLer
ver, Raleigh Standard and Peterburg Kegiste-r,
copy 3 times and send bill to Maj. Peirce.
Lost certificate of Stock. Tbe under
signed has lost tb following Certificate:
No. 12 for $3100, dated July 26th, 1803, i?fucd
to J. McBoyle at Ralcib, X. C.
Every person i tbi bidJen to purchase tbe same
as apDilcatien will be made for its renewal.
3.wlm. DAVID OUTLAW.
TLAK8 ' t .til
XJ Exgpu ted with aeatnMi aadvach at Till