8
THE
Weekly Jeffersonian
A Newspaper Devoted to the Advocacy of the Jeffersonian
Theory of Government.
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
Austell Building, Atlanta, Ga.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE - . Si oo PER TEAR.
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application.
Affiliation made for entry as second class mail matterat Atlanta, Ga., Postoffice.
ATLANTA, GA., THURSDAY, JANUARY 17, 1907
The Pirates Strike the Flag.
The New York “Watson’s Magazine” has
.gone down.
The two pirate captains, Mann & DeFrance,
have struck their colors.
Let them go.
Nobody will miss the New York fake maga
zine.
Anybody could have told that precious pair
that they could not possibly win out in that
little game.
Now, Friends and Comrades, put your
shoulders to the wheel and help me get forward
with
THE WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN and the
JEFFERSONIAN MAGAZINE.
'Fhe Presidential Campaign of 1908 is even
now on —as, indeed, it has been ever since Mr.
Ffyan made that Government Ownership
speech in Madison Square Garden.
The two JEFFERSONIANS want to be at
the front, in the thick of the fight, in 1908, to
smite yovir oppressors —The Trusts —hip and
thigh.
HELP ME BRING THE BATTERY
INTO POSITION.
I’ll do the rest.
Not a cent of your money do I ask.
You are asked simply to say a Good Word
for the two periodicals.
Tell everybody you meet what they are
and what you think of them.
Try to create among your friends AN IN
TEREST IN THE WORK THE JEFFER
SONIANS ARE DOING.
Once interested, the people will read.
And when they read, they will wake up.
And when they wake up, the cause of Re
form will have on its side an overwhelming
Public Sentiment that will change conditons
for the better.
num
In Chains,
If one be the right sort of man, mere fet
ters that shackle his limbs never make him a
slave.
The soul escapes the chains; the mind de
fies the dungeon walls.
Regulus—fettered by his Carthagcnian cap
tor —died in hi§ prison rather than bend his
Roman spirit to the service of the enemy of
his country.
Giordano Bruno —caught in the toils of the
Church —went to the stake with undaunted
soul and perished in the flames rather than
prostitute his genius to monkish ignorance and
superstition,
THE WEEKLY. JEFFERSONIAN.
Cervantes was a prisoner, but he was no
body’s slave. A portion of his immortal Don
Quixote was written while the author was be
hind the bars.
Epictetus was, in law, a slave; his Roman
owner could force him to any physical task;
but the slave mind remained free, and his phil
osophy is even now a text-book of thinkers.
Henry Laurens, captured and thrown into
the Tower of London, was offered freedom
if he would advise the rebellious American
colonies to make peace. He proudly refused,
and chose to remain free in soul though lan
guishing tedious years in prison.
On the other hand,-one may be physically
free and yet a mental slave.
If one fears to express one’s real opinions;
if one takes orders from another; if one dares
not think, speak and act according to the
dictates of his own conscience and intelli
gence, he is not a free man. No matter how
much he knows, or owns, or pretends—he is a
slave.
How is it with you, Brother?
Are you in slavery, or do you claim to be
free?
Look at that powerful cartoon of'Mr. Gor
don Nye, on the first page.
Are you chained, as that man is?
Do you vote because of a party name, with
out due study of the Principles?
Do you vote as the party boss says you
must, or do you vote as your reason says you
ought?
Does your body and soul shrink in terror
at the crack of the party lash?
Do you submit without a murmur when a
party convention hands you out a platform
that you secretly loathe and condemn?
Do you shout, “Hip, hip, Hoorah!” when
your convention nominates a black sheep and
tells you that the nomination makes the black
sheep as white as snow?
Do you let some one-hoss corporation edi
tor do all your thinking for you; and are you
afraid to investigate public questions for your
self?
Are you afraid that you will lose your job
by voting your own convictions?
Does any other kind of sea—social, finan
cial, political or religious—prevent your vot
ing just as you please?
If so, your condition is that of the poor fel
low pictured in Mr. Nye’s cartoon.
Brother, rise up and shatter those chains.
You can and you must —if you would be
free.
MM*
Railroad "Butcheries—An Appeal to
Congress.
There isn't a fair-minded, intelligent citizen
of this country who does not know that the
butcheries which occur upon our railroads
are caused by the fact that not enough money
is spent upon the roads themselves.
Burdened by the necessity of earning divi
dends upon seven million dollars of watered
stock, the managers of the property have sim
ply been unable to do that, and, at the same
time, properly equip the roads so as to save
human life.
Because they knew it would cost much
money to equip train? with automatic car-
couplers, the railroads refused to adopt
that life-saving appliance. Year in and year
out, trainmen had to risk their lives coupling
cars by hand. At last, in 1891, some of us
young fellows took up the matter in the 52d
Congress and went to work to 'pass' a bill
compelling the corporations to adopt the au
tomatic car-coupler.
The railroads fought the measure, tooth and
toe-nail. Maj. Stahlman, President of the
Louisville & Nashville R. R., came on to
Washington and acted as commander-in-chief
of the lobby.
After a long, hard fight, we whipped the
Major and passed the bill. By the terms of the
act, the railroads were given five years within
which to equip their trains with automatic
couplers.
Would you believe it? —the corporations
went before the Inter-state Commerce Com
mision and actually got that most comical
concern to suspend the law, by allowing the
roads a certain additional number of years
within which they could go on mangling and
maiming human car-couplers!
It may be that some of the lines are not
sufficiently equipped even now; for.it was
only year before last that Sam Spencer’s road
was prosecuted because of its failure to com
ply with the law.
Now, if Congress could force the railroads
to adopt the automatic car-coupler, why should
it not compel them ta adopt the automatic
block system?
If that system were in operation in this
country, as it is in Switzerland, in the subway
of New York, and upon certain New England
roads, the greater part of this horrible butch
ery of the people would be stopped.
It would cost S7OO per mile to put this au
tomatic block system into operation, and
hence the corporations refuse to adopt it.
They would rather have dividends at the
expense of ninety thousand human victims ev
ery year, than to have no dividends and no
victims.
If the managers of the corporations were
not compelled to earn dividends upon $7,-
000,000,000 of watered stock they could easily
expend the S7OO per mile to make the roads
safe.
If the burden of management consisted
merely of earning reasonable dividends upon
actual investment, the automatic block sys
tem could be put on at once.
But the managers are helpless; their Wall
Street masters —monsters of greed that they
are!—demand more than $300,000,000 in divi
dends every year upon fictitious and fraudu
lent valuations, even though the money be
gory with the blood of human sacrifice.
Why does not Congress come to the rescue
of the people and the managers? Is there no
member of Congress who has pluck enough
to introduce and lead the fight for a bill mak
ing it compulsory upon the railroads to equip
the lines with the automatic block system?
Give them five years within which to make
the change, but compel them to make it.
The situation is so appalling that it abso
lutely exhausts indignation.
Surely Congress will not adjourn without
having made some effort to check Railroad
Butcheries,