THE CONFEDERATE.-
WEDNESDAY, HKPTEHCEU 21, 18C1
Ths
political clement at the North are In
a stew, Bth t.fdeswc cannot say all three
u!cs, for Fremont is merely "riding bodkin"--aro
endeavoring to deoieve and defraud ; and
as has become tbe Invariable practice in ilec
'ions, each is trying, ncttu prove how respect -able
7i, but bow much more direput;de
is it3 opponent than iUelf. Bat a short whilo
finco, and Lincoln was essaying negotiations.
Iledroppxi tho confiscation feature of his
poliry, the abolition faature, seat Jaquess and
Uilmcre to Richmond, and encouraged Greely
aad Jewett at Niagara ; and after hours of
consultation with Gov. Raymond, Forney' .
model statesman, more familarly known as
the hero of the quadrilateral," ali'js the "little
villain,' determined on peace on the restricted
platform of the "national unity." In that
stato of feeling it wa, that ho authorized
Sevard to quiet the popular apprehension by
the assurance of the indefinite pDstponement
cf the draft, and it wasai ander to that feel
ing th.it Forney vaf urd the compliment that
"Southern independent has already bravely
asserted itself on the d-M of battlo."
Since then, however, the Chicago Conven
tion haj assembled made iis nominations,
and erected its plat'orrnaud Io, at once
there U aa entire change in the Linct ln pro
gramme. This sa.ne Gov. Raymond of the
New York Times, now denounces an armis
tice "aa the very thing the rebels most want;'
proclaims the impossibility of a "Convention
of the States charges the Chicagoites with
an intention to "prepare the way for a dis
ruption of the union," and calls on Republi
cans to "organize, for a political campaign of
more terrible moment than any military
campaign." In tho earnest excitement of the
moment, he assures his fellows that "it would
be a less calamity for Robert E. Lee to enter
Washington as a rebel commander, than
George B. McCellan as a copper-head Presi
dent; for, fays he, "McCkliaa's going would
palsy every arm and bow the nation to re
bellion." Very naturally he perceives that
the "election is not to be carried by the sheer
merits of the Republican cause" -that "politi
cal campaigning has its laws of operations
and its conditions of success" which simply
means in rlain language, that much dirty
work of cheating, and defrauding, and lying,
is to be done, for which special service it is no
remote conjxture that the little villain has
been engaged.
Greely is not a whit behind Raymond in
disgruntlcmcct. He sees in McQcllan a can
didate whose hope of unecoss lies in the de
feat of the yankee armies aud the success of
the rebellion ; and Horace puts the innocent
enquiry Is this a patriot parly ? " While
the two ardent and equally honest advocates
of Liacolu and Seward thus put themselves
in arago at the beginning, Bsn net is yet cast
ing about for the stronger side; and while
deliberating for the nance, casis both over
board, and wonders at the infatuation which
pursues nonentities aud looks with eyes askant
on the " pitiful spectacle of a nation declar
ing against its great men in the face of most
palpable facts ; " and sums up his incerti
tude by a present announcement of Grant
siud Sherm&n "as the ticket to carry the
country without opposition." It is very
plain that Saicwj has aot yet folt and weigh
ed the merits of tb.3 respective cancanuidates.
In a few days he will discover their relative
worth.
But where are McClellan's supporters all
this while ? They are to be found under the
banners of the New York World and tho
New York News. The first savs of its can
didate " The triumphs of the "peace party
was not only assured by the character of the
resolutions passed, but in the nomination of
George II. Pendleton, the eloquent advocate
of peace." While the World, of the Fame
candidate who is its leader, says " Gen. Mc
Clcllan, when inaugurated, will find a war
cn his bauds; and until re-union becomes,
possible, he will conduct it with all the skill,
vigor and efficiency which the country ex"
pects from so accomplished a soldier and so
staunch a friend of the Union."
This is a fair delineation of the present at- -
titude of parties as discovered in their organs
in honest Yankee land. But this is not all.
Lincoln having gone both ways, McClellan is
necessitated to "check by discovery" the
principle of which game is, to discover as lit
tle as possible. Hence, he has written a let
ter of acceptance, in which he reiterates what
he has often before expressed, his devotion to
ho Union, its value anil absolute necessity of
its preservation, and declares his determina
tion to secure, if possible, its reconstruction.
But he in no wise aveids or ignores the decla
ration of hie platforn, that the war experi
ment for rcconstructitu has prove 1 a failure.
He leaves open the "cessation of hostilities,"
aad the "convention ef the States," intending
by no manner of means to be understood as
averse to either or both so that these proba
bilities are aot to be lost sight of ia contem
plating hie position. If an armistice were
once made, whether a convention of States
should follow or not, the power of resuming
against the South the war of invasion, would
pass out f the hands of cither Lincoln or Mc
Clollao. Such is the aspect of the Northern political
campaign. . Its features hato beeu soruewha
altered by the fall of Attanta, and the first
fiery outpourings of exultation consequent
thereon, before the real value of the achiev
roent has cone to be understood. But from
so peiat of view can we see that we have a
material interest in it. Our policy is to let
it alone to suffer not that our people should
be distracted by considering it. It is enough
fcr tr. 'hat Lincoln has at hst concluded t?
j put forth his draft; that the He U: given to
the declarations of -Seward and his allies,
that voluntary enlistment had abrogated the -necessity
of the draft, almost bofcre the decla
rer! had 'well cleared their mouth. We must '
go and do likewise. We roust demonstrate
what the fact really is, that our strength is
not only not exhausted, but that St baa
scarce yet bceu put to the test. Out of
the abundance of military material now
scattered in profuse idleness and iiselegsnesa
through the land, we m.st reinforce our ar
mies and maintaia their strength. . And the
bad element? which have dishonored our
cause and been deaf to all appeals of reason,
must now be scattered by legislation. Work
is before the Confederate and State govern
ments for active and quick performance.
What do we see in the North but falsehood
and deception ? The very opening of their
campaign dUoloses thf4 "absence of all truth
and the presence of cunning and duplicity in
all manner of mask, and in every possible
disguiso. What does it concern us, that
guarantees are promised? We had all the
guarantees which oft and well-chosen words
could affords, in tho old constitution. They
carried no force. They availed for naught.
What assurance would new promixas give o
any better observance?
In this very moment do not our enemies
show false the very vital principle which
first solded our fathers into a confederation
with them ? a principle that they helped to
engraft iu the great Declaration of Indepen
dence, and to which on each successive Foart!
of July they professed to do homage ? Hi
principle of the right of a people to gover
themselves? by a form of government of ihei
oven consent I Are they not throttling thi '
principle day by day? What claim hav
they upon our credulity, that they woul
revere another pledge, when they remain apot
tates to so holy an obligation.
After Atlanta had fallen, and Sherman'
army had retraced its steps from Jonesbor
to concentrate around the captured cin
Sherman asked for a truce of ten days, thi
he might have the opportunity of sending oi
the population of the city those who desii
ed it to the North ; the loyal and truo to tl.
South but to all, exile, banishment. I
wa3 a proposition of monstrous cruelty ar
barbarity it was a conduct unparalleled 1
civilized peopie, after the most approved fas!
ion of barbarity. But Gen. Hood had r
control over the policy, ne had his reaso?
for accepting the offer of truce we doul
not wise onos and he protested against tl
reasons, but accepted the fact.
We do not write to pity the desolate at
destitute condition of tho?c houseless peej
who. without means, without the business
obtain support, are now driven from th
residences, to seek among strangers, fro
the hand of charity, the absolute necessari
of life. It needs not to picture the horro
of woe and misery into which these unbapj
people are fallen. There are, however, le
sons to be derived from this sad calamity .
In that population there were many hundred
perhaps thousands, able to bear arms, and s
least to do short service. In that city the
were arms in abundance, aud ammunition
servo them ; for we read of the destruction '
both when the army retreated. Now is
not strange that these people, with access
means of defence, should be content to
idly by and see the invader press our arn. ;
from tho defence of Atlanta, when her ov
people could havo given valuable assistance .;
Would it not have bee better, for those wl
were non-combatants to have volunteered ar
fought for their homes, rather than ensu
their loss by remaining idle ?
It is to be trusted that this lesson will 1 ;
ehacacious ; that hereafter Georgians will n
be found content to see the army defend the!
homes, without themselves aiding to stril
the blow. Neither Georgians nor citizens
any ether State, should feel themselves c-::
empt in case of actual invasion ; and t
savage experience which Sherman has affor '
ed, is a lesson nor to be lost.
And what are the feelings; whatmust th
be of the "red string, white flfig," white-hV
ered set, who opened their arms to embra
the Yankees ? These miserable wretches we
spurned and hissed at they were, indeed,
E. Buchanan at their head, permitted 1
1 dance xvith tbe less respectable negro wench
of Atlanta but this did not save them fro.
tiaoiytug vi in. x lie j tus.iu uvjruuu til
I Tennessee, to find a living as they can, at
j never more to return. Let this be a want
ing to those hereabouts who have received t
idea of protection at Yankee hands. Ti.s
best protection to all our people is, a unit
defence of the cause, and the success of o"
array.
The Salisbury Watchman credits us, I
mistake, with a compliment to Mr. Nathani
Boyden, for his " Personal Liberty Bill." I.
should have credited the Conservative wi
the article alluded to. Oar opinion of this
Bill of Mr. Boy den's has heretoore been give ,
and we have seen no cause to retract ar r
portion of it. Its title was borrowed fro. i
Yankee Massachusetts, under which o
owners ot property were assaulted in tl ?
streets of Bostoa, while seeking their constitu
tional rights. Like that act, this of Mr. Bo -den's
is simply an act of nullification an a-t
te facilitate the scope of those who wish i
shirk duty and, in our opinion, unwise, -patriotic
and anti-conservative.
Returxiko Regimes ts. The -Eight
Maine Regiment has been mustered out of tl
service in Grant's army, and returned horn'.
It carried back but 54 men oat of 1,076, wl
entered the service -three years ago. Ti
Sixtyofirst Pennsylvania has retaraed wit'.
210 men only. . - - -
A rascally batchelor calls the friendship of
t?rc women "alwajE a plot against the third. '
McCmuxah haxshown very plainly thai
ho iz no master of the art of political strategy.
In his present on :fa Washington, he i wry
much in the fame position that he was when
Gen. Branch' guns opened ou- hiai at Me,
chanicaville. From tls&t moment, the only
salvation of the "Little Napoleon" was 4 a
change ef base," whieh he proceeded very
rapidly to accomplish; and tfcU barely saved
bia life, but not his fortune. After a week's
work of running and fighting, Uowiug up aud.
destroying, he fouud himself huddled in tho
bend of the river alive, but out of eiifht of
Richmond for ever and ever. But a few d ys
ago his situation was eminently an au?nicious
one. From the Chicago Convention he fronted
Washington from behind secure entrench
ments. The dome of its Capitol was in sight.
The Convention had prepared for him a re
doubt, constructed out of the most approved
material fur a long time used in the construction
of political strongholds. AH he had to do
was, to stay in the redoubt until the enemy
expended his ammunition, and his army would
have, by parallels and miniug, approached the
White House for him with security. But
Greely and Raymond opened upon him, and
little Mac. has "cbaneeo his base." He will
now reach the Presidency of the United j
States the next term after Lincoln shall have
" served his four years over the whole Union ; j
or ia other words, about the time that "Ncw
meyer'i Comet strikes the earth and absorbs
it like oue drop of mercury absorbs another."
To drop the metaphor, McClellan's letter is
received by the peace Democrats of the North
as a total departure from the spirit of the
platform, and all the leading organs of that
controlling element of the Democratic party j
are abandoning him. The New York News, j
the Freeman Journal, the Metropolitan Record j
both the last powerful organs of the Catholic
Church aud both outspoken advocates of peace,
not only renounce, but denounce him as-an
imposter? and wholly refuse consort or habita
tion with him. Vallandigham, who had pre
pared to canvass Pennsylvania vigorously,
besides Canvassing Ohio, is utterly disgusted
has withdrawn his appointments and aban
doned McClellan's support. It is now plain,
that unless the Chicago Convention can re
assemble, obtain McClellan's withdrawal and
put in the field some popular leader, strictly
a peace candidate, Lincoln will gallop .over
the course, followed at a respectable distance
by the nag Pathfinder, who is broken-winded
ever since Stonewall Jackson " trained him
so furiously in tho Valley of the Shenandoah.
Poor, pitiful Fremont a miserable devil of
arr apostate from his native State, he has
been kicked and shinned ab ut without mercy,
both in his military and political career. Ben
nett puts him down among his politicans
"with tails," as having "a tail that reached
from Wall street, through the passes of the
Rocky mountains to the Marriposa mines
until the sheriff of New York cut it off so
that it onlv reached from fiCth avenue to the
city prison ; when Opdyke the mayor, owt of
benevolence, pulled it out again to its origi
nal length ; but in pulling disjointed it and
left it what is called a " Wiggledtail" ever
since.
Of course honest old Abe has no fear with
such a competitor. Seward's late p peech at
Auburn, sweet Auburn, showed no thought
whatever of Fremont no recollection of his
existence. It dealt alone with " Littls Mac ; "
and marched sublimely up to the require
ments of the interview. If gently but firm
ly put aside the pretensions which any one
might urge, that McClellan was less radical
than the present incumbent, by tho assuran
ces that the confiscation and emancipation acts
were war measures, to expire with the cause
which brought them into existencebeing
converted " when the insurgents shall have
disbanded their armies and laid down their
arms," into " moral, economical and politi
cal questions," to be pa.sssd " over to the
arbitrament of courts of law and to the coun
cils of legislation." As for any expectation
that the " conspirators would sue for or ac
cept an amnesty on the surrender of the pow
er they had so recklessly usurped, ho was
not unsophisticated enough to think that;
nor yet that the " Confederates in authority
will offer such terms of peace ; but "ido ex
pect (says he) propositions fro. a citizens and
States to come over the Confederates in pow
er," when such applications will receive just
such an answer as it becomes a great, mag
nanimous and humane people to grant."
And for the matter of the draft ' we shall
have no draft, because the army is being re
inforced at the rate of five to ten thousand
men per day, by volunteers." This speech
" came in at the right place," and in the
nick of time ; for McCl Han then was there
" in tbe shape of an egg " an egg about to
hatch. It was necessary to break an end of
that egg, to see what kind of chicken it was
going to hatch and Seward's speech " broke
the big end " -and this consummate master
of the French art was enabled to hatch out a
chicken identically like it, in advance. So that
at the close of that speech and the publica
tion of the McClellan letter, there was no
difference whatever both candidates being
on precisely the same platform and from
this the conclusion was inevitable, that they
" could neither wisely nor safely vote out
the identical person whom, with force and
arms, they were fighting into the Presi
dency." .
It makes no difference, now that it is all
over, that the speech of Seward abounded
with the same amount of falsehood and de
ception, as is his wont to manufacture. - None
at all, that Stanton at that very time, when
Seward was promising "We will have no
draft" was penning to Gen. Dix the infor
mation that the "Provost, Marshal General's ;
office is busily engaged in arranging the credit i
of the several districts, and is ordered to drdft
without dtVvj far th deficiency in the districts
that have not filled tlicirqaotaa," The object
f rtt lliaf CLtvA.ask n49 frt A iff 9 a p.Cln ifc-
ier,arid tho effect it has produced is all that was
desired, and to Seward and his employers it was
vall the; same, whether thisrftect were rrod need
by iair means or false. The Yankee archi
tect j wee not scrupulous of the tools they
worked with, uor are tho inhabitants of th
dwelling of the material on t of which it is
built. It is worlh our observation, these
manoeuvres. ,Jl enables aa to disp-wo I hewe
engaged in thorn the more readily, to deter
mine moro decidedly. our prpctual separation
from them. But the letter disposes of Ms.
C lei lan 'a chances. Ho had better do as he
was about to do at Harrison's Landing m?
render and let some man of wide eaough
stride for the Chicago platform take his place,
lie hasn't got any better sense than to be
honest. Ho won't do.
Whereabouts of Forrest.
We see it stated in tho Mbbilo papers that
this indomitable chieftain, in company with
Lieutenant General Dick Taylor, ia in that
city staying at the Battle House. Tho Tri
bune states that a large number of Forrnst's
men wero iu town and the remainder were
expected:; This would indicate that some
thing was going to be d-me, and we should not
be surprised if before many days a "plague"
broke loose on Sherman in the shape of For
rest and his gallant band. If they could only
be sent to the rear of the enemy, we venture
to say they will remain there and keep Sher
man's communications cut until his army is
"starved out."
But something else besides the sending of
Forrest to the enemy's rear, may be on tho
tapis. It is not to be supposed that an officer
of the ability of Gen. Dick Taylor will be
kept idle for any length of time. His ser
vices are too valuable to the Confederacy for
hiai to be shelved in the same style as Lovell
has been. Is it not likely, then, that he will
take command of a corps, it which the brave
Forrest will be ? We should not fee! sur
prised to hear of something of the kind.
Forrest will be quite willing to serve under a
roan like Taylor. The latter believes, like
him, in the art i f fighting, and the policy of
striking the enemy wherever he can be found.
Two such men will suit each other capitally,
and we earnestly trnst before long to hear of
both being on the "war path" to aid in for
cing Sherman from the State of Georgia.
Gallant Affair below Ply month.
We learn from an entirely reliable source,
that a joint expedition from the troops at Ply
mouth, and the Naval forces at that Station, was
sent off about a fortnight since, for the purpose
of capturing or destroying the mail boat be
tween Roanoke Island and Norfolk. The expedi
tion was commanded by pilot James B. Hepkins
of the C. S. S. Atbermarle, and consisted of six
teen men. Oa the 9th they captured the boat
on the Chesapeake and Albermarle canal, but
had tn hum har aaptunng ao L1. Coltrucl, oue
Major; ono Lieutenant, twelve privates, and
five negroes, without the loss of a man. Four
of the party were taken sick and sent back, so
that twelve men made the captures. The pri
soners have all reached Plymouth. Great cred
it is due to pilot Hopkins and Lt. F. M. Robey,
C. S. N., who originated the expedition, and to
Mr. Hopkins, for the gallant manner in which
it was executed. Capt. J. N. Maffit, comman
ding the Naval forces at Plymouth, did all to
secure the success of the expedition.
Gen. Morgan's Death.
We are glad to have it in our power to re-,
move a painful impression that has pervaded
this community, that the traitress and mur
deress who produced the death of General
Morgan, was a North Carolinian, and for
merly a resident of this, place. The Mrs.
Williams is not Mrs. Melinda Williams, wife
of Col. Joseph Williams, as some papers have
reported; but this Mrs. Williams is a young
woman, and the wife of a private in the yan
kee army. Her mother is an old lady of
Greenville, who is a loyal person, and has
one son in the Southern army. We have
understood that Mrs. Williams formerly of
this place is in Europe. However, this base
transaction vests no stain upon the escutcheon
of North Carolina.
The Advanee.
This goodly ship has met her fate. It was
a wise and beneficent enterprise, and has well
repaid the foresight of the Governor and Gen.
Martin, to whom conjointly, we believe, the
credit of the undertaking is due. So well
have our soldiers been clothed, and so condu
cive has it been to their welfare, that we hope
the Governor will soon have a swifter steamer,
and that he will not confine his energies to
the soldiers, but that he will recommend the
Legislature to take steps by the "institution
of suitable agencies and enterprises to meet
all the necessities of the people, at prices)
as low as can be afforded, " and to re
inforce the armies ; and that he will
call it together for this purpose at an
early date. In this connection we wel
come the article of the Conservative, in res
ponse to our own on the "Era of good feel
ing." We anticipate a like response from all
the respectable and loyal papers ef tbe State ;
and we are sure such action will meet the
wishes of all good people. Let us work to
gether to the end of tbe war for the success of
the cause. ':-
The New York Herald gives as an indtca
tion of progress, the following: Four athletic
and very greasy-negroes sitting down all in a
row in a Broadway ominus, and three ladies
(white) standing Up in the same 'bus, and
hanging on to the straps.'
Yankee Losses. Yankee papers admit a
loss of 3,000 in the recent engagement on the
Weldon Railroad.
' ; The Ten; Days Tree. :
1 The following is acopy; oF the correapon.
kncu bejwetu Gens. Hood and Sherman iu
iwgard to ibe ten daya trube matter :
Hbadq'ks ' Miliary DmtToMi? ,
In the field, Atlanta, Sept. 7, 1861.
To Gen. J D ITooi, Commanding Confed
erate Arvvj :
General I have deemed It tho interest
of the United States that the citizni; now
residing in Alauta ahmild bo removal. Those
who prefer, to go South, the rest, North.
For the former, I cau provide traasportition
and cars tu Rough and Rady, aUo wagons.
But that their removal may be made with as
little discomfort as possible, it wid be nsoesst
ry that yon "assist families fronj. Rough and
Ready to the cars at Lovejoy.
If you consent, I will undertake the remo
val f families in Atlanta who prefer to go
South, as far as Rough and Ready, with all
movable effects, such aa clothing, trunks, rea
sonable furniture, beddiug, etc. Servants,
white and black, may also accompany them,
provided no force be used towards the blacks,
one way or the other. . If thfy wish to go to
their masters nui mistresses, they cau do so,
otherwise they will be sent away or employed
by tbe quartermasters. Atlanta is noplace tor
families or non-combatants. I have no desire
to send persous North, if you assist in con
veying them Suth.
If tlits proposition meets your views, I will
consent t a truce in the neighborhood of
Rough and Rady, stipulating that any wag
ons, horses, animals or persons, sent for pur
poses stated, shall, in no manner, be harmed
or molested; you in your turn agreeing that
any cars, wagons, carriages, persons or ani
mals shall not be interfered with. Eich
might send a guard, say one hundred men, to
maintain order. The truce to bo limited to
ten days, after a certain time appointed.
I authorize the Mayor - to choose two citi
zens to carry this letter and such documents
as tho Mayor may forward iu explanation.
Awaitiug your reply, I have the houor tu be.
Your ob't servant,
W.T. SHERMAN,
Majcr General.
Hdqr's Army of Tennessee, 1
In the field, Sept. 18.18G4. J
to Major General W. T. Sherman, Com
manding United States Forces in Georgia:
General: Your letter of yesterday's date,
borne by James M. Ball and James R. Crow,
citizens of Atlanta, is received.
..You say therein and deeru it to the interest
ef the United States, that citizens residing at
Atlanta be removed, etc. I do not consider
that I have any alternative in the matter. I
accept the proposition to declare a ten days'
truce, or such time as may be deemed nec
sary to accompliih the purpose mentioned, and
shall render alt the assistance in my power to
expedite the transportation of citizens in this
direction.
1 suggest that staff ofheers bs appoiuted-hT
yu to superintend their removal from the jlly
to lvougn anu neao, wime x jippumi une
officer to control their removal farther South;
that a guard of one hundred men be sent by
each party as yo propose, to maintain order
at. that place, and that the removal begin on
next Moaday, September 1 2th.
And now, sir, permit me to say that the
unprecedented measure you propose trans
cends the studied and ingenious cruelty of all
acts ever brought before the attention of man
kind, even iu lb? darkest hi.tcry of war.
In the narae of the God of humanity I
protest against the expulsion from their homes
and firesides, of the wives aud children of our
brave people.
I have the honor to be, General,
Very respectfully, your obd't servant,
J. 15. HOOD, General.
Gen. Polk.
The New York Church Journal, the lead
ing Episcopal paper in the North, makes the
annexed remarks in regard to the late Bishop
Polk :
"We would rather now that death has
closed the count recall the earlier days,
when the Inany noble traits of his personal
character surrou ded him with friends, and
made him second to none throughout all the
South in his influence for good. His manly
beating, his frank and cordial manner, his
high sense of honor, his real tenderness and
easily kindled sympathy of temperament a
sympathy through which the fever of Revo
lution made of him an early and an easy
prey his wise and eloquent labors in the
behalf of education, his. splendid success iu
advocating atd furthering the 'Univer4ty of
the South," his administrative ability, his
fatherly affection and firmness in the govern
ment cf the clergy and the people of his Dio
cese these are the things which we woald
most willingly recall, now that he is-dead aud
gone. Or if his military career cannot be
altogether ignored and alas I who can for
get it? we would rather remind our readers
of the many acts of kindeess and tenderness
shown by him to our sick and wounded men-
of the personal dignity and purity and eleva
tion of character which he retained undimin
ished, even amid thrilling excitements and
sharp temptations of camp of his great sue
cess in winning the confidence and love of his
men, and in extending the spirit of religion
among the armies with which he served of
his open effort not altogether to sink tho Bish
op in the General and last, not least, of that
striking scene in our little church at Harrods
burg, when, after inspecting the building aud
deciding that it should pot be used as a hos
pital by his army, he laid aside his sword,
entered the chancel, knelt down at the altar,
and aloud pouud out his soul to God in a
fervent prayer for Peace. When we think of
all these things, we may well leave him to his
Master, and our Master, to judge ; nor feel it
needful to mingle any earthly censure, with
the sincere expession of our sorrow at his fall."
A couNTBY girl, coming from the field, was
told by her poetical cousin that she looked as
fresh as a daisy kissed with dew, said, " Well,
it wasn't any fellow by that name, but it was
Steve Jones that kissed me. I told him that
every one in town would find it out I'V
Grant's Forces. It ia said that Grant's
army numbers now only 45,000 men, and
the Express, of Petersburg, states that his
losses at the siege of that place are not less
than 30,000, nine thousand of whom have
been taken prisoners.
A gentleman in Theaasville, Ga., has .au
thorized the proprietor of the Hotel in that
place to feed and ledge all needy soldiers pass
ing through that place, to the amount ef $1,000,
at his expense. This is' oertaialy conrm end
able and patriotic, and deserving emulation.
Subscribe to the " Ccnfcdeate.,,
TELEGRAPHIC.
RCPOUTS OF TIIS PRESS ASSOCIATION.
From reter&burc.
PETEHSnURO, Sept. IT Hampton, cvai.
lint oaamo6t8uQe?rttl dafb Into tha enc;nvj
madry Thursday, near Sycamore Church, Pi in' ;,
George county, seventeen m ilea frotn tha city
capturing 2,500 bead of fat b'oof catilo, 203 pri!
aonera, a numbor of horaei, and ton waon?.. 'iV
poil3 arts now safe in the Conf.Jtiorato lino.
Grigs' division of caralry made aa -'i!;rt to
cut off Hampton, but was handsomely tl
his pain j. Hampton and i3n aro In full father,
andoaor far another charge at tlranfa choice
be2Tc$.
From Georgia.
MACON', Sept. 1C Exile from AtUnta report
that Sberni.in's aruiy i being rapidly drplatei by
men whoae term of servioo htsexpiroU aud coin;;
home. Rome statement place the nunAer al
ready at 10,000.
Yesterday wat universally observed throughout
tho State aa a day of fasting aad prayer, aad by
the army and eopl3.
The Chattanooga Gaztt of 12th received. It
ay s that Wheeler had been driven from middl
Tennessee by Stead man.
Morgan's staff had arrived at Chattanooga.
Sherman has issued a congratulatory addre?j t
bia army, saying that they had completed a great
CAtnpaijjn, and that tho fall of AtUnta mu.t b
attributed toamutake in Hood aaudinjj his cav
airy to tho roar. We must concede, he aya, to
our enemy, that he met us patiently and skilfully,
but at last ho made tbe mistake we had mentioned
so long, sending Lis cavalry to our rear far bevoni
the reach of recall. Instantly osr cavalry was on
his only remaining road, and we followed the main
army, and Atlanta fell into oar pssscsion.
Additional from Georzln.
MACON, Sept. 17. It is reported, with a con
siderablo show of troth, that Sherman has sent
another request for Gov. Brown, Vice President
Stephens, and Senator H. V. Johnson, to meet
him in Atlanta aad have a talk about pcaco.
Brig. General F. A. Shaup has been reletved cf
duty aa Chief of Staff to Gen. Hood.
Exiles from Atlanta continue to come iato oar
lines. Several hundred families hare arrived ia
the most desperate condition imaginable.
Gens. Hood and Sherman bave agreed upon a
special exchange of two thousand prisoner.
Several hundred of tha number will bo sent for
ward te-night for that purpose.
OGIclAl From Gen. Leo.
RICHMOND, Sept. IT. The following o.'Ii
cial dispatchfrora Gan. Lee, was received to-dnv :
HEADQUARTERS, Sept. 17.-Uon. J. A.
Seddon-At day-light yesterday the enemy'i akirm
ish line, west of the Jerusalem plank road, was
driven back upon :Jir entrenchments. At th
eame hoar Hampton attacked his position Nortu
ha Norfolk Itailrnirf npar SrrimAr f!hurrh.
jitf captured about three hundred prisoners, som
arms, wagons, a large number of he-rses, and
twenty-five hundred cattle.
Gregg attacked Hampton on h's return in tha
afternoon at Belcher's Mill, on the Jerusalem
plank road, but was repulsed and driven back.
Everything was brought off safely. Our entire
loss does not exceed fifty men.
(Signed) 11. E. LEE.
From Mobile.
MOBILE, &ept. 16. A gunboat yesterday
came close to shore near the mnath of Dog river.
Our field battery opened giving a few good shot.
The enemy retreated. It ia reported the enemy
have repaired ths ganboat Gainer, and put her in
commission. The Fish river expedition returned
badly pe. pered by our cavalry.
For Sale.
A LL the Machinery in a Cotton Mill, now in
J-X. operation, with capacity to manufacture 2500
yards of eight oz. Osnaburgs per day, and can ba
promptly boxrd and delivered at a ltailroad .Sta
tion near this place. Apply to
ISAAC SCOTT,
6cpl9-dl5tw4t Macon, Georgia.
II tl' firs Army Xortlieru Va.,
OR D STANCE OFFICE,
. Jolv 2C, 18G4.
BRIGADIER GENERAL KUFUS BARUIN
OER, commanding Brigade of Cavalry, Aruiy
Northern Virginia, is hereby authorized' to take
possession of all cavalry arms, equipments and
accoutrements in the hands of civilian! or oth;r
unauthorized personam tbe State of North Care
Una, when be ia satisfied that such arms, &c., are
legitimately the property of the Confederal
States. All arms, Jtc, dropped by oar troops or
tbe enemy on their lines of march or on battle
fields, or left or sold by officer or privates to pi -sins
not in the military service, are the property
ofthe Confederate States. No person in tho mili
tary service has a right to ell or otherwise din
pose of arms, Ac, except when under tbe orders
and regulations ofthe Ordnance Department.
(Jen. Barringer will not delegate this authori'.r
to any one except commissioned officers of bi. own
command, who will be farnisad with a copy f
this authority, and with instructioos tfurm.-h
receipts to parties from whom arms, Ac, are
taken under its provisions.
By command of Gen. R. E. Las:
(Signed) BRISCO G. BALDWIN,
Lieut. Col. and Chief Ordoaace Officer,
Army Northern Virginia.
UNDER this authority I desire especially to
gather up Moddelian saddles. These Raddle
were captured from the enemy. - There can be n
nrivate Drooertv iatbenn. Partizan ranircrs an-i
others have no fight to sell them, except to tho
government, which pays fixed prices for tho
captures.
This brigade is much in need of good saddles.
Many of those we have are raining tbe horns'
backs. The men are losing largely and the sr
yIca suffering severely by these saddles bein?
withheld from it, often abstracted by soldiers. I
appeal U all patriots to come forward and volun
tarily give them up to the officers and men of this
brigade in their respective localities, who will
receipt for them. Those now at home, and
especially all on "bono details,' are required to
gather up these saddles, also Sharp's rifles, Colt's
repeaters and other cavalry arms and equip
ments, the propet ty of the Confederate State.-,
and bring them back into tbe service. All reason
able expenses incurred in this way will be re-rlid
them.
I claim no right at present cither to seize or im
press these arms and equipments? bat I confi
dently expect every honest man, .not in the Mld,
to give then. They ought to be ashamed, in a
time like this, to be seen with them.
ItffFUS BARRINGER,
ep 19-d tw w3t Brigadier General.
PUBLIC SALE.
HAVING qaaliQed aa Executor, the under
signed, at the residence of Mrs. Mary U
Cheek, deceased, on the main road ono milcsonU
ofthe town or Warren ton, will, on tho 12d-dy ot
September 1864, sell at publio auction, all tha
Household and Kitchen Furniture, l'laBtat n
Tools, Fodder, Oats, Uorsoa, Tobaco in tbd -.,
32 Cows, Oxen, c, 75 to 100 Hogs, including
Sows and Pigs and many good for pork, being
new in rood condition, and every other kind ot
S Brian able property belonging to the deceased.
ix months credit for all sums over S1W. as
soon as gathered, there will be a fine crop of Corn
and Fodder for sale, of which farther notice wid
be riven. The plantation, a most desirable one.
is also for rent, ettatr privawwy or pmoucij.
sale is-weU worthy of the attention of those who
wish to obtain a supply of Corn and Meat, or
goad residence. piTcnF0l0f Es;r.
Warrroton, N. 0., Aug. 23-aug 3l-d20t-w3t
pgr Weakly Conservative copy 3 times.