THE CONFEDERATE.
ADVERTISING-.
ADV CUTIS 21 K V. will be tiuerUd at mars
souths per tr-.rcf ira !.:cr (or les) for eacli
iajorticn. Marruge a cviitairifa ft 111 bJ
charged at sdrer litta. r.w.
JOB WORK.
JOB WORK nt everv desctiptioa will Ua
- j mi.:. ..r.V -J : . i. J . o
fMl
11V
A. " M. IMIMAN Jfc CO., Proprietors.
" TERMS":
PAiI.Y UD1TIUX, for6 mouths S15
. 3 44 9
4i " I 3
TU. -WEEKLY, for 6 months Ijj
o 3 ..
WhEKLV EDITION, for 6 month 5
Nosufj-criDtv.n? wilt be rocivd o ao r ather
t. m than the above, or tor a longer or shorter
VOL. 1.
RALEIGH, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1864.
NO. 34.
IriDini ai ins .n uiitr ass lirmi?
a can La doae anywhere la tba Htatbern Con
ederacv.
'J lit; UUiN E MfMif
EE1X
ly lyj
"An Era of Guod FeeliBg."
There is fair em d to hope, that the peo
pi of KtJrth Car. lin are ah. ut to enter upon
ao r when party rane r will cense to dis
t u" tii? geuvMl harmony when concilia
tion mut-ul con -etoi a id ;3nr.i' kindness
witt bnrr party spirit, and a c ne..rdint pa
tri ot'ts n -Till c.trrv ah:v a united people in
th? w .rk r tris rev da-hm. lo-it: the
azW v 'n nt "f o if iad M'.ew ienco. It may
t-i'To miv b sne f'.".v disseuiis
... i,,
thse will the extreme- of ultci aiid nVTicnl
prfvi-ni. S -n" fcw will nvcr forret and
f rv": t' pv will e ver take in anything
beyond pi"ty and "!f; but thv nr few,
hh n or pv-v-T. an l liiy can now irspire but
. ii.r, nifv f.r fb-ir nirreri-n.
I .f,rl tl.i .ksirable er:J that this
Ju'irn il n a-s ib i-r.fj me m-'-ri'lis ago :
it i- t-r-vupU tts that its efforts i) ive b.-en
c...sr ,r,!!v -i-TPcN'd. It ha5 faithfully tvivn
to pk" U lf a worthy orsau of th. atri
iTi o- t-m ate; am! baiise of Ihi. we e I
avi-!, th,- p.onl; hav. best -wed opou ;t
, 'i i : .:r a r,.,iPn-i
Ho'-iburil arnn.e an 1 incrpiKine a puroi-
. . , 4. - ,.;? r.r tv
Ub r or' vtat- s-iiC i. in ii!ii'!di'i the national
a lnvhis rui- r. in it- ardu us and responsible
duties, :f truarcl-nc: the national stfeiv. preserv.
in-Z ihf niti nal rights, and m:;intaining the
national cw. L";jr:a!a-rs ai d o:her public
servant and represti. I itivc'S wi;l find ample
? cop" for thir hifiet p vrs. in trenthel!
in the dfenes f N "rrh Car ' ia, in afneli--ratinz
the con dition of her p r and fcuff-'infr,
in nrovidin0, for hr i k a d diabld 81-
diers and their destitute families, and in far- I U'eld.,u N. Edwards; a ripe and
n.hi:-t: pr..-r all fr mi her wurces to the j ex.ri-nc- d ttavVr.il, tha old regime, who
completion of the great work of resistance to j would im: y the ;i-n which alwavs at
the invader and oppressor. In the noi '.e taelu s to inteilectualind-peo ki.ee, manly,
and le-iiin.ato oct-up.ui.ms, all their time will trai2bt-f wrdnes. an 1 utHwervUg patriot
be morn usefully, more honorably Pent, that, ii. Or, EHard J tUlc, wt, unselfishly
by turnitig out of tlirt way to foment paHy iej.-ts offije, r lmquishei opr-o; tunitks for
pr-ju Vuwt to cultiv.-aparty auimos:ti. to ! ffi'- lnes th liu- of ch -e du?y with
build up succesi- ss a;id gratify parry autip- ao!e ana infl lenrii! a merit, as to have be
a.i,jC8 I c cne 'am i riH,-J in 'evry patriotic houe-
I-i thi tinvj of war. whervi., a" n,li'e: th- f-a-c. E"her '.f t? es? selections
ami viudie'ive foe seeks to d-?e ou h in w.uil univfita -'-ttciio.i, we believe,
while e'anhterinpc our br--t! ers at 1 son, ' an 04 ii' p - o e
th-re r.ii fr to b but t.wp-ri"S. O-ir conn- ; Or p'hn s j-nl lemon would neither
try with v.W h.'r patri-.tic children on the u:,e 1 !nseut u b dra vi; '-nt of thir usual avoc -aid.-
,sur :.::-: on the o'.her We will j tions. T'.xn- J'u zs Shephcrl, of rrumher
i.ot ? rp t ) rpm?mbcr the p;i with any r j land, or Uilnvr. of (Ju-Uord, wuld
whatev;. 'aues tf comp'asnt there may lv
:n its tri::.;-i,. -: hope b-Her ,'hinj for !
C.ii a'-d h.TUl :ii t!
Ji n in ti.e a-t rh-c
Ain'Jfi ' f i hi- ci .
Pirated "U-p trr,-? co
icMou of all rlaiw .if
which, us ti:r Co:i' !
II -iid, dtMiion-j
l vti-is' of North C
csina ; ri- t m a ;i ir'V
:i.-:e. iv.: i.i tint sen.se
it.
-ed bv thp i::chm a i Suiting, which ina-le I
hr t c ra-.xiA Sfare of the nation." ;
We bae onr hops of this coming "era of !
good feding." on the teachings of the Cmx j
scrvativt it-eif repr-serting, as we w..ul.i
firi beMevc it does, the prr Pnnt f"ii?in"-nts 'f
Governor Vance, ard hi- po'iti-a! frierds
throughout tin JSt a? e. Ia its issue of Aut'st
the 8th, it siys : "It is n it x cted or de-
man !:d ef every to approve, 'of evry i
thing that is done b;, Presidi nc Davi?, or the
Congrrss.tr his s" o ii aes. We expect,
&s oceaion ir.ay render i proper and necessa
ry, faithfully but kindly to oppose whit we
tispproe. e will not, however, be a par
ty t factious ppoai'ioo, to fcore-heaJ?d whi
ning c unp'-a-u's, at ,i time iik? this."
Aiaio in ir i.-ue of August loth, it claims
to 6x truec i:3rv.itini in the State oo the i
defiTiit'-on of theKh hm .r.d Setdinel. (whr.se j
article we will publish ti-morrow? -md claims J
as "emi.-.en'ly fit and pr- per, thtt the term
"cc-jcrr7ire" should attach to that very
larg" and rest. rotable cl.is.i ff people in thie
State h ho are opp sed to all radical and ex
trcme measures."
And yet ajain, in its issue of Attaint 19
u tis i ..! ju3t ar.ii proper language : - i
have n -ver ooubte,l the patn-Miam r,f ltfr '- j
de tl)i, whatever r;y be our views
Lis wL-dni as a statesman. We believe he
is doiui; the very best he can for tiie g.Hl of
our comm jp ccuntry and to accomplish our
independence. Whether ay uther man oc
cupying his place could have d ne any better
under the c;.rcumtances.is a proposi iu.n pure
ly speculative, aid we do not think at pre.-ent
it is a proper subj-ect of ne p3per ds?uion.
It is clearly the duty of us all to h dd u his
hands ad to atoUt him in every legitimate
way in the great work he has bef re him "
We adopt this language of the Conservative
with regard to the President, without reserv
icg any doubt as to his wUdom. which we
think has been shown as no other man in
the Confederacy could have been expected to
surpass. Uealso adopt the general senti-
. . r,
...wu. n.u,rjiU wtc,s appucaoie io uov.
Vance ; aDd we unite in the expression, that
the common duty is to uphold and strengthen
U th of them in the discharge of their high
unties. The Legislature has more than twice
recorded like opinions, and the p-ople have
- .uouou "Pproveu meir acion. ? and has b-ond -iou. t acted under instrnc
On this score then, there is scarce a possibil-! tioi.s from Redmond, but we cannot help
ity of material division. j thinking of Napoleon's maxim that "A gen-
This frank, and we had almost said mag. cral 8h"Ure',r what his opponent d-
r r s;re. for the simple reason that he does de
nan, mous utterance from the organ of Gove- ! 8re jj. "
ner Varc- followed ps it Hfcn bv tLe j Tu object ia Ti'W b Sh-rman iu bin re
plstierm hertUHlr publMhd by us from t quest does not appear, and every one is at lib
the (Jonservatire as the standard of conserva
tism a platform to which Mr. Davis and his
friei da have always rigidly adhered, leaves na
room to doubt, that there will be in North
Carolina, at least till tr o close of the war, an
absorption of all political parties into a com
mon a'-cUti--n, oa the basis of patriotism.
As a N-rrs' quenee of this happy reunion and
general conci'a'iB, procrip-'ion will he pro-
! ?cnhod no tera will be drawn from the pat,
for fitness or u-jfitnef for public stanch ; bat
re honest rue -lsne-true u i4W-
uili be the elective principle, knowing tnis
legitimate principle to i' logical eeq jruce, it
will b.e expened that faithful public servants
will be n twined in posts which they have filled
ably mid wll Tne late Spctker of the Sen
ate, Mr. Mrbae, will be re-lctfd; Mr.
Donell, likewise; ami Mi . D..rtch v ill heap-
proved for his ti-'e'i y, by the usual meed of
re-election, wf-.ichit is the custom to bestow
on tried and faithful offirs. Mr. Dorteh
has taken an txc llent s and in the Senitc
no has provt d himself t- h a practical, sound,
bunees representative; by no means rad.cal
n anv question ; aMd hf has secured the cjn-
i
fi'e ce of the President and his ass ciates. It
w(.n!d be a fit re vuitioM of the supp rt of
the friendg uf Mr. Divis in th hte election,
tore-d-rct Mr i).rtci:. But if there, should
be reasons to prevent thii. then the spirit and
tne r.f the people indented by the 7-n-S'lva'ia,
and hinoereiv refls'Ct'vl in this jur
rial, lead us t- expect that a selection will b
mi le f snu ! rn r rem vei from
a nulpartv tr:f-; wh se election will be
a c TiCiIiati-u in it'rlf. Sa.'.i'a nun would
alikv ic--.-p-abie. as ooib are idjt;ified with a j
' '. ) s.c-(f, nr-pr,j.die-l cons',rra'ism '
--p:"i 'r ot .ne wa-. :'nJ l-to ae Jree liotn
ob.i- x?-.u c: ires. at.d appf'aeh nearer to
'hf .-tnd-p 'v.v wr-? C". osiun nud concili-
i ;di.n are t ;itr-ie.' e-i We nvj'it ao1.) to thesi
-""' 1 1 -.A " " :- -
ricceptable ; bu
ou. obj-et is n.e-ely to ir.dicate a r-ilying
point ft r mutual n-esson If party isabar;-
donrd, at.d a urdv.t is bon.-t!y formed, or a
ptiortn framed for the national at.d State
god. the "era of good feeling" will retuit in
a universal beo6t.
The Georgia Front.
From ourex hangs we urnke up the f-1-
iuwii.2 simriary of matter in this line. O
Tuesday, tile 6th, our forces re-o.:c:p;ed
Joi-esboio ;ui the entrecchments behind the
same, rertoap.-, from which we full bck after
the affair of the lt Tiic trains are now run.
ning to Jone-bor.i', it having been mad tha
dep.?t r.f supplies for our army.
Qiu e a uuuiber of the enemy's badly
Wi'Unvtd were let'i behind at J. nesboro' and
captured bv u. Ij their retreat th Yankee.-:
s,,em lo XAVt, mo vc-i off witb great haste and
ieft bj tar t:-te greater par; of: their entrench
ing tools behir.d.
It is said tbat Sherman jiromised his troops
to grant ftirlougi.s liberally as soon as Atlanta
was taken, and that be has now falleu back
to that place fr n the weakness consequent
u his recent losses and the absence of many
,)f men, jt is al,c relVirtei tu Sherman
u f.,ifying East Point and Decatur.
The Intelligencer ays".mr army is rapid-
ly actumuiating in strength and nunbs,"
and the Con.eder ate declares that it has very
pleasant rumo's concerning our future pros
pects, which are at present contraband.
Toe Augu ta CouitilulionuHut has a so
cial dispatch, dateai " Ln' j 'vV, September
9h." whirh navs that "a ten d iy's truce has
been agreed upon between Generals Hood and
Sh'r.nan. and nt the hutiaoj of the latter
Tne following xr ict from Sherman's ht'er
exj laiiih th oj; : I -ave Jeenrd it to the
interest ot the Uoited Suites tbat the citizens
of Atlauta shouhi r.'iu ve, thse who pref r,
to go S mth. and the rest North P General
Ho d replies that : 'the pr -position U b; ra-
. roiis. but 14 iiiTfAtni in fKrnnoK tinmo ;. '
; . , , ,r , . ,
I h truce begins on Monday; Rough and
R ady the point meeting.
Gr?at indignation is felt throughout the
army at this untoward cruelty."
Th1 ConMtHufinifiHnt.ln speaking of this
armistice, says, editoria'ly :
Oe.-i d knows l is .-yn hnsitiew best.
ertj to choe for himself such solution a
may stem best. Perhaps it will not be very
far from he truth to say that the main obj-ct
of this armistice is to accustom os to the
sound of tha word and bight of the thing, a
artillery horses are trained ti the flash and
report before being led into battle t be shot
down at the guns. It may be all riiht, bat
for one Timeo D.tnao et doma fTenits.
We note the arriv! of Qeo. T. S. Clikgmax
in oureity, a wounded soldier from the tren
ebeg about Petersburg, where he has bem
actively and most succee-m ly serving our
Cuunlry at its most exposed and dangerous po-
sition, tver sin e the enemy first made his ap
pearance on the north bank of the James river,
tut tbeoay be was woauded. Wear glad to j
lean, that Geo Cliogmau, though severely acd
gainfully, is not dangerously wowded. His,
escape may well be considered as nearly mi-j
raculous. In the dusk of the evenine. while
collecting his Brigade after a most successful
t ,
charge ia which he had driven a much larger
- t . t . , , ?.
force of the enemy and taken almost thrice hia
. , , , , , A 1
own numbers pnsonera, he had approached too
closelv th nemv').hrt,rU .h.nfln von. i
i - -" - j j "
fcees leveled their guas at him ; utidenl y
wheeling his horse as tbeynre.f, he received a
ball tbat penetrated thr .ugh his leg diagonally
for some e'ght or ten inebes. The Generais,
presence ef mind and courage, inducod him to
bold ou to his horse and run every risk rather
than bo captured The horse, maddened by
havmg been struck, though flighty, in fVur or
five places hy the nails, sion hrought his rider
our of danger aud be'iind his owa troops ;
when he felt fr a exhaustion aud loss of blood,
whre he y corepellei ta lay s me three hours
in the heavy rain that was falling
Gen Cii'sgm-m wa a the breaking out ef
ttjc var a Seaafor in the Washington Congress,
one of tu-ase who should have beeu watchmen on
the outer-wall, tgivj notice and warning to
our people of the dangerous machinations of
our yaukee brothers, even at thattimeour bitter
aud malignant enemies. Gen C. repeatedly warn
ed the people of his State of what they had to
expect from the' North, in language strong and
true as prophecy itself, but which a blind party
spirit prevented hing received or but little re
gir.ed. The dtte. n i; ed " oiit of despotism and
aggression exhibited o tha North early decidd"
Gen. C. to feel clearly that our only way to pre
serve oar liberties was rn separate from that
people, and to form a eoverament of our own. i
mure aeco.-diug the will of the governed." I wJth n!rt"lity, be an .hjt wid. th.e hav
and in accordance with the true spirit four bill ! is,S s?-i:lty . as we are ssre it i.
ofrighti aai Hf the constitution. G -u Cli g
man then became a 9eeionist. or as ta
n: i -A patriotic ;;! successful -salesman Mr. W.
W. iloiue.i would call him, a destructive. No?
did he rail ro b;ck up his werd of ndviee by his
deeds of action, lie entered not only into the
spirit oi'thj w ir, but lie g iv? his whole heart,
a oil mm oy ly io m-i wur: ne lia-s iearie.-H;j i s
' posed his life in every action to which bo or hn
c-j'maud was called ; from a life of luxury at
the Capital, tie had d scended to the muddiest
and m at exposvd tr- nch, faring the same ac
any piivate iu the ranks. At the time be was
wounded h? hd been, without intermission,
fifty-soven days in the trenohe-j ; hi B- igade
saved the important position of Coal Harbor to
Gen Lee on the 81st 'May and L t of Juue, a
which tim every member of his staflF present
were wou' ded, aid bat for the energy and
courage of Geo. Ciiug nan an 1 the giod fight
ing of h:s Brigade cf brave North Carolina boys
on the 17th June, when all the troops oa bis
right gave way, thj ya ik'je wjuM have un
doubtedly penetrated to PeteroUurg. But this
brave Brigade alone stopped the onset of the
whole power of the enemy ad suscessfull v
held them in check for four hours, till other
troops came up and reoccupieu onr works.
G-n. Cling oon is staying at the bouse of Col.
H. K Burgwyn i i this city, and though still
suftVri'jg touch pain, is, we are glad to learn
doicg well iu all other respeets.
1 1 . - I i- . i 1 C ; I
A letter to Capt. James E. Allen, of tbits
county, from his son, N. M. Allen, a prisoner
of war at Point Lookout, dated August 28rh,
has ths following paragraph, which we cvpy
for the information of the friends named:
"The members of our company here, (Co.
G, 6th N. C .) Sergt Lyon; W. L Mring,
A. A. Lewis. M. Wimberly, S. B Yates, C
Embar ks, Wai. Burge.-s, W Yeargiu, G. W.
Varner, G P Cheek, E l. Parrish,. S Mil
hollen, akd M. T. Horton, desire you to let
their people kn w that they are here, and
welL"
Ws c'l rrn:ivn to the adverti-errent in
this papr. of rare a: d valuable Lw Books
offered the public. It is very sfild -m that such
work3 st". ofifred for sale ; and those desiring
th tn s-hoiild apply soon, as they will no doubt
be soon disuofced of.
Within tie past lew days the price of corn
in Cumberland, S. C , has declined from
twenty-five to twelve dollars per bushel.
Beef, bacon and other art'des have also de
cHned iu price Stvannah Nevrs.
AXc do not know where "Cumberland, S
C." is. but we would enq-iue, are thee an
vacant b uses in or near the place, ta be let
out by land rdt h rcozniz9 th doctrine
of a future life of rewards and punishments ?
The last sensational n-,vel at thp North is
entitled "Code's Cave." Scene in East Ten
nessee hero a Yankee, school master.
Subscribs to Uw Omftemv.r
vfitraBse InfatatUoa-
It seems to be regarded aa an exhibition of
personal uufriendlines, by all who are and
have by any man4 kept out of the array,
for any one to ad voca te a policy that hal
place in the ranks. h re ttsey ure so much I
iji.. . . . .... ... .
neecea, tne thous-inu.- of anie bodied men who
are ocfupying p'acs that can as well be fill
ed by thae totally incompetent t r field ser
vice. Tnoee who have all tilon kept o;t
of the war, soem o be oMivi.ma t the fact,
that m hat our Generals need now to enab u
them to Hecure important and prT.ancut vic
twries, ia more mm Ho v are they to cit
them, except it b- trom the thousands of ah v e
,.fce detailed men, thick a - leaves in
Vaiambrosa," all over the land V It i n,.t
I0 imp0 hdsbipg u n lhem that thcyaT0
for but to lheir c.-untry and all
. M . e ,
t,lc'y "old dear, from overthrow and ruin.
p , . .. . . . , ,.
Could they look at it in this, the true lunt,
, A, ,, , , ...
surely they would need no other propelling
. , r v - H
powe w Induce them to rush to the front "and
: .
J "Ui '-h "o.,ia lopi-ning me lue.
There U said to be fro.n eight to ten thou
sand mew, of conscript, ae, belonging to the
State government of North Carolina atone.
Theie is, perhaps, aa epia! number in each
of the Stat jc'vernment8 pf Virgiuii, South
Carolina and Georgia, Here, then, are thir
ty or forty thousaod men. which, if added to
Lee's or Hood's array in ths next thirty days,
would enabie them to a-veep Grant r
rtWman lro.-n before theta as with a irsorn
of destruction.
Beside these thirty or forty thousand men,
there is doubt leas a lafne numbe-r still who
are detailed for special duty or for special
purposes. S'tnn of thes details, as the Ku h
fu od Dispatch Has observd, are absolutely
ueceasary the aricu tural details, for in
stance. The army and the pe pie must be
fed ; crops must be planted and gathered ; y t
we are satisfi I great reforms miht bo made
in this department, without reducing the sup
ply of agriculiura p.-d acts, hut greatjv in
cteaMUjf the siri'iigrch .of. the army Iu some
sections, we admit, ton mny men have been
taken off-' -this id especially the caso iu our
western counties where there are lew negroes
but ia other s ciioos to many hay.- leen
le t, if tte distribution ot the burthens of war
I hn there are tne th-'Usnds of able
1 n?,It!l nien employed in quartermaftier, coed
irrTTRvry, psa c an-i xv jn r. i j zin:nz and
even consciij.tiou depart ..ents. Kepi ihcre iu
. i iatioa of law. Aid t- these the other
thonsai d-i who, thr. uh t-rt pirna itv or ie-
j oi.-n-ss of ror-'IIii-ij fiheift.
c.re n -.t for
warde.i to tiie .vim. aid ru .Wel tht- lium-
b r io s venty-ri ve, r it maybe, o?e hun
dred thousand men, who, of right, belong to,
and by wrung are wit'ihiid from, the active
service.
Now, what could not be done, if these, or
even hilf of them, were added to Lee. and
Hood's armies ? .That they ar; and will bo
n eded, no one can doubt. Theen iay, there
can be no que:tion, will biing tJ bear his
whohi power during the remaining weeks of
ihe Fall camp iign. Alr-vi y Grant is being
t-ein forced, and he is mvhig for vigorous
assault epm oar ri.!ut wirjg tnat protects the
South Side railroad. S;ermaa. will, also be
heavily reinforced when he will make a dt
perate cflfort t penetrate still farther into
Georgia and crush Hood's aripy. With their
armies replenished, who fears tho result?
The crisis is upon u. Let State L -gislatures,
G weruors, and the C-Mifedera-e amhotitits
lok to it, tba' every available nran be forth
with sent to the front.
George P. Morns, nw unhappily no more,
made a good deal of capital bv his poetical
rtq 'fct to a certain "woodman" to.jpare
that ir -e." Vre fear that more than ote
woodman in our section will make more cap
ital this year by r either sparing tlat tree"
nor the Ouyer ol the cord oid stiiks into
which it may be divided. For our part, wo
would reverse the words of the sona and say
'W Kidman don't spa-e that" tree" nor the
t tier ores. Cut them down and bring ihcm
to tiiv ket ; but oh, spare the poor buyers in
town I Sell the fuel for a little less than its
weight in Con fed let the saints and the sin
ners here in Wilmington have, something to
keep the vital warmth in their bodies lor a
while lot g"T. Let them have a stick now
and then to cix k their victuals. It won't re
quire much for that purpose. Upon the
witole, we say we would sbg if we kuew
bow Woodman cutT'tbat ttee, spare nut a
Mngle bow, in'witter we will ceeo i all, we
want a little i.ow. Witmii gton Journal.
We make a like appeal to the woodmen
about Ralei u h. Spare neither pine nor oak,
nor sapplings s'tm and fall, where the ravens
hoot aud croak, and whipp-or-wills crj" and
sqoall. But send on the w.-od anything
that a ill keep ns from fret em thta winter.
Captured It is reported that General
Nichwhb ami General Hay, who left Lynch
burg last month for the Trans-Missisnippi,
L'rj tmy rr ordered fr duty, have bYeo
capturei). We did not htu at wbt point Br
any ot the particulars. f
Hubbicane and Hailstoim We learn
that on Wednesday evening, the 31st ult., a
severe borrl ance aud haihstorra swept over
tlte lower part of 8'mpson county, exteadin
into Duplin, tearing trees aud doing ooueid
TWe dscts to crsf. '
The Capture f the Georgia.
We huT kif h aatboritj for statiog that the r
steamrr iioorgia, reported captured in the '
r .
Korthers papars cf the 7tb, waa not the Con. i
fri-rate ontisar which has bee a diug such J
ltcd service amon the Yankee ahlrnlra. The I
gend service among the Yankee stdpplrg. The
captured steamer wis some time ago dlsman
tied and sold to a British merchaut at Liver
pool, was loaded with a British cargo, nod put
upon the line DeTwrea Liverpool a&d LiLoa.
The "protest" entered by Utr oiptaiu against
her peixarewas, tbtrefore, made in goci ftith.
and may lead to trouble Latweea the Yankee
and British Governments. The following are
extracts from European paper $ anoen ieg the
aft ir ;
rFrom tke Lr.ndoa Shipping Gazette, Atitfut i4.
La don, August 14 The uvpoed unpture
by a Federnl war steamer cf the Georgia ,
formerly in the Confederate serviae. but lately
publicly disposed uf to an E-tglish merchant at
Liverpool, has produced c i siderable excite
ment among the underwi iters, who contend
that tb act was iUegtl, and demand the im
med'mte attention cf the Government to the
setter.
From the Dublin Free man' j Journal, August 74.
Private telegrams received at Liverpool an
nrunce that the Federal frigate Nitfgura has
a-i2i'd the ex-Cnifedtrate cruiser - Georgia, i
bound to Portugal, landed her crew, and aeot
the ship to New York.
Livcaroot, August 24. The mater (Withy
eombe) and thirty. three of the erew of the
steam -ship Georgia have been landed at Dover
by 'he Federal steamer Niasrnro.
The Georgia, it will be rroollected, whs, for
a length of time, eagageda n Cuf 'derate pri
vateer. She arrived at Liverpool a few months
ago, and was rublicly sol 1 te Mr. Bates, of
tbat port, for 5 000 or 16.000: was subse
quently taken up by the Portuguese. Govern
ment for the oo.jrejance uf mails from Liver
pool. Lisbon, to the Az -re and bo1t ; nnd it
a pear she was in trausit to tbo-e ports whea
her capture was made, with her eargo.
The affair has caused niueb exc'teuieut ia the
Noi th. The HcralJ say s of it :
The Georgia, whe seised, was oader the
Brbitfh fi.ig. and her ciptain entered a protect
against her seizure. The ovtnt excites much
controversy. It is rumored that the ejptare
wa? effect ei under content rof the British Gi v
crameut. There i much difference f opiu
ion as the legality of the captara; bat gene
ral sitisfaetiot: i expressed.
Home attributed the quick recovery cf gold
this inoTfting in p irt to th capture ef the pri
vateer Ge.-ia, under t!e Briti-ti f cr, the isi
prenin beieg that 't may poiUl lead te vn
tafiglfjseat? 'itb Eebm-b
Northern Polities.
The f.'il iwinjr strict from ih!
ir ;t ,
wil: h 'W toe drift of the Pre' !!.. tr l car.v .
A' oi';i n! t ? "..ly"'''. th,!
.it
lat0t, ca.ivl tl.- md --on tent K-pul::i-
Cit
to glvrt in th :?r adheH to I.
t,-
ro
i WO
Wo.V
e;ian r;-.n cr
sg the V nil
when the t.cw.
street fr.v Saturday evctdng
of tiie vic ;ries :.t Atlanta wui rhov n ue
saii mmlv t thr other, v. vie will i
elect Laiie Mac io spite of all the victories! I
What a c r.fssi.;:i ! The U miocia's have no J
hope of getting i .-.to power except by tijri :-uc
cess of tuo rebellion. .
Why wove the McCieUan men to downcast
on Saturday ? Tiieyk ew that their ho,ws
of Bticccsd wtr t dimini.-heil by the victory at
Atlanta Their best chance oi pirty triamph
is in the defeat of the National arms, xad
tivy know it. I their a a patriotic paiiy t
The Ttib.iiis ?1 arcs that McClellan if,
supp--rtetl J: th a a War ct:da Peace cat.di-
4 date, and s)f
It is barriv ps-thSe that the majority of
the voters of the North maybe so tn(i oo-ly
assiame as to accept a c ir.didate so lieti ito
(iSice him 'the perfect gm!mQn, ilevout
C.iristitof'4L'. . bat we shaii not beksjve it
until proved. Meanwhile, we shall leavw no
means untried to expose thoe i.oe .ily
bread is their dally ehame, by such devil. ih
decep'ion.
In order that our readers nay perceive the
- justice of our remarks, however, unqnalilied
in their familiar Sixon, we subj .in tlw fol
lowing paragraphs:
The J)aily zeict says :
Tr-e triumnh of the pesee party in the
Conyentioo at Cnieago, was m.t only assured
by the cbararter of the resolutions passed, but
iu the nomination of George H. Pendleton,
the eluqaeut advocate of peace, whoao wh: !i
racrd in Congress makes i tin ifat that he
dirbclieve.4 ii coer bn by aru.s iu a Govern
ment founded ujon conse .t. To rot-tore the
Union by war, is an absurdity that never ca
tered the vi2rwus brain of this young aUte-
mau of the West He has studied the consM
tutioni'. hiiitory of the country tooclosely ever
to be carried away hy any necli delusion a I
thn. Should the Democratic ticket be elect
ed, and a cessation ot hostilities be eecared
lor a few weeks, the man does not live at the
N-vfth who will have the moral Courage to
advocate a policy i hat all open again tho
bloody drama of war, with all its terrible
surraundii.es '
The World says :
Genera". McClellan, when inaugurated, will
fir-d a war on his hands, (unless Mr. Lincoln
shall, meantime, bave made a disgraceful dis-
union peace.) ana until reunion oecomes pos-
ftibl h will conduct it with all the skill.)
vigor and eftic ency which the country ex
pects from so accomplished a soldier and
so staunch a friend to the Union, but in such
a manner as will not obetrnct the growth of a
Union party in the 8 mth.
N C Bbiqades Gen. Kirkland having
recovercl from bis recent wound, bas been
assigned to the brigade lately commacded by
Gen. J G. Martin. C A McRn of the 15th
N. C. Regiment, commands KirkUud's old
brigade. Col. A. C. Godwin, 57ih N. C.
Troops, has been promoted U tho rank eX
n,?u. n .i
Wfl m 1CTI mU. -
i m .ii .. 9 . m '
Tea reported riot in Hew Orkua it with-
rztfi UAvdtifm.
fer tht Cocfcderifc.
I tcA it Ut bersv dctv to warn the fairriinj
ml w
commurdly a-iubt the direction! ct.ntaiccd
iu a tain anu'te iuo;i5i.') in mo wnycucTtur,
from the CharfWton Merettry, tor making
rrht:m Miif. The tltrrttion thertls
rcntah al is that "th:e ot.cc cf litre, arl,
vo. a uto artirle pubUshed in tbo Lenfederatc.
ed iu Cveirtx limisttn wrkbtof water, b
addrd to each ga!lMj rf juice." Ac. I doulta) tt
tho tin e I read It, whether this nmt nut I v h
nu-iaKe,, fr it ws twetity .r thirty fituf fi
in tie h lime a I hud rTr uhmI tofore. Bo
ftill I cofitiud d t tty the i xpetirrent, an 1 X
pur, rn t three bat tww, uuac of Htae r gn
l.n to seventy jrallot a of Juice. 'I ho price I
paid for my knowledge w tht entire 1 1
my ver.ty jjalb :. : Juico It eiitirtlr" ?u'.r
id'-it. Withiu a ifw u wst.tes after iLe lirr.
was put ia, the y.i'cs became so bitter ar.d
rough a to almost excoriate the tongue. I
roncluecd, hrwever. to bdli. After teina
b iletl, it tatcti mt ro hke tar ttnn molasc.
and in color was biaok ink. The author of
the article mut have wiittrn aUo.i tor burtl
by mistake or e-tno error his occurred by
raisprint.
K. KAYNCH.
Col. FatrMAUTLF., of the Iliiii h army,
n his recent lnck, tepubiisbeJ by Mr. Gcetrei,
gives the follow ir.r hiii ct5i2;pUiucnt U ctir
sold; ri :
"After hi.iug tivel with f he teterai. rf
lirasjg and Lee, I wui able to ferm a Fti-1
hijjher climate ef Confe !rate foMiT&
Tiieir obedience and forbearance ia uoces!,
their discipline under disaster, t bvir patiecce
u;der ftuiret;:tc, ;r.d?r hardship?, i t whiu
w tended, at.d their beundles devotin to
tbeir country, nader all iircUBtat!Cte, as
bryoud praisa."
J'H BlLLIOS (ih RkVKNLR. VelhKhtUi
tpiestione under tho etercal revi'tuie law frt
ipiently transpire, but have tltialy bin Ktt'.rxt
up bi tho Uckx Ktiiamithuucra Amcmrt.
K"llecters wil! 2nd thir labfjr ls bevy
by the follcrin explmafthtina whiten i have
kearfully preputied irem thocrit.al iritf'.pi?a
in my potaihuu.
A Sperifn of iit me: nnd p'urf.vt
don't come within the whuo.e-2 li!l.
B 'Speritii v th daui'd,' are- Co-'.rsii
the adm ai datnrable spcrita, and mcs. piy
th l.igheRt whikrc rsitg
C Trte tick ou 'tindrecd po'.etry'
bird the morels if t'ju coaatry sfeoi ttvr rj
pirejt. D-Bel-M fr t .,rf f f ftg
::i:d pit rod Siri, n:. p.y ti.f :ny ov
F Awl t.baV.er i.t ManifiK-tljtr
krit?::.aies vsbvl tu kd w dd
ch'-vi) is c!cctef ifty pi-r ; .
i? Ministers e the X"pd do..'i uc.w
j cvera$l,C(U wcrlh of L.i.aOi's j wif :irc
f eimpttd.
tir H r,?n o-.rlr.j? uwbtirr? nt ou.-
S
11 KfA-.T X.thV. rrfu'O-f tc-w ;;i ft '
bnrrer will e iir?ed .5-5 t'r tiie fust - (i w -
ar,d five hundred ci .iUr 'cr tho s cr.d.
I The duty or. p;.t,L'a', ki?:tp r-.t:irs
&r:d 4th ov July's, has b-.tn pna'.pr.i f-r to--present.
Pkayfu in Lin nr Hatti.m. A thup
Utu writer, from Hodi'a army to ae ot
our exchange : i A few days ago we were
filing uto a ba'tlo liue Ly a regiment that
had already formed. VVo saw tho CVione!,
with reg'ment gathered a-ouud him,
holding prayor, and that to.v a;m"mt in
the midst of battle, for the tt h h'i.1
U'.'UU Oil IOU HUl (II1W JC.t.
Stxks CocsTV. We Irani that (ji t fc
number of des-iter in Gt Lts eou:.ty lia9
availed themse'.vra f the Goveri.c.r'a Proc'u
tnation nd iho ordr r of Gen. Lee. The Home
Guard of thattuuniy were tJso crde red into
service, but this coamietdaH acti"t oa tb
part -f the deserters has ave! them a va.
ftel of trouble. We tare informed that sou:.
fifty thus voluntarily returned to tlcir pot
in the army- This is the right way aiid it f?
a pity many others new fkuiking from dutv
emnot be prevailed upon to adopt it. It '.
without doubt the last "chance. )VcOi
Stntind.
A lady had two children bcth g'ri. Ths
elder one a fair child; tho youug'f a bcanty,
and the mother's pt. Uer. whe l?ve wa?
centred in it. The eldi-r wafc neglected, while
Sweet tho pet nstne cf the yoccger reoeiv.
ed every attention that Icvt c-uhl bestow.
One day, after a revere jilctse, the matht;
waB sittiog in the piHcr, when she hraid h
ch:ldia acp upw the str,i:, and her though'H
were instantly npon hr favorite.
! that you. Sweet?' cr hisuirtil.
'No, mamtiia,' wu the bA uzd tnchiti
reply, 'it isn't Sweet ; it's oidy ma.'
The rnothc.-'j beart ir.t to her, cd froti.
that hoar 'oulv rr-e' wai rc3ertd le an eHir.'
j PIace hcr ffcclions.
Cusistxaks ik th Aak--A voluatary
rr.ifceiouary to Confederate soldiers ettimaU
that, while in the population of Christendom
c-:!y osa eighth are Chriitiass, ue-third ef
the a inoar arnjiee are.
Mosbt at Woa It will be seen by ta
followitg tbat Miby hasot bean idle :
PnrLADtxpRiA, Tuesday, Sept. b
A apecial dispatch to the Bulletin, frcaa
Harper's Ferry, dated the 6th lost, ssys:
- Ac sn.bularKe trafn of thirty-five triffoo.
afUr leaving the woooded, were csptarod by
Slobby, tha train being without an escort.
Capt. Blasor pursued tho rebels and recap
tured fi'ty horhes and five priainers.
Maj. K el lege, of the One II at.d red ar.vi
Twemy-third Ohio, aod Dr. Shetiia, of tho
Thirty-fcixth Ohio, are among tte pri.S'iuers
Citpturrd by Mushy
Thcte was n fighting at Berry villa oa Sun
day and tLrro ta no newsfrun there to cey
I (JkLndty,)
. ' " ' , '
i IatPoBTAKT. ir Tarx. The world :i com-
tag to an tod in 1885. Professor Keamayer,
of iluofch, says s. He add tbt a rornct
will ran agalost the artb sad absorb it, rf
fic dry ef igrcar ,tJi'-TrVj !r.!t-ti-r