r 1
HIE CONFEDERATE.
I. 3d. UtiKV. .V A CO., Proprietors
TERMS :
THE CONFEDERATE.
ADVERTISING.
ADVEltTISEMLWTS will be iuv'tUd at tnr
dollari pr wjnarenf tea lines (or Iom) fer each
insertion. Marriage BPtlees aa4 eViluarlM wftl be
charged u advertueuteotv.
JOB WORK. .
JOB tTQRK of every description will 1
ecated at this Olfic witli dipRteh, u4u pvntir
as can b do as anywhere ia ths Ksatsern Cos
Jersey. V'AlLV UMliOX, lor 8 taonth....
l. i.
TUi-WSL'KLY, r.-rCiamtii. Z.
..51S j
.... 9
... s!
Q
10 !
3 ; 5
WLHKLY EDITION. for 6 urn tb'".!""!"!'" 5
o iiiactiptious v. ill recdved O" any other
t?-rnii thaa the abov, oor lor a longer r shorter
!
VOL. 1.
RALEIGH, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1864.
NO. 36.
n f n i
II
0 G) iv F S B E
Thk latest ww.-. from the North, shows the
fettling down of all the dii2Tuntled sectarians
into one or other of the two great parties rep
resented by Lincoln and McClellan. The
t-ppos-itloa of ihe Woods, Valtandi'ham. and
th strictly p-ace men. with their organs, the
.Vrr., Fi'eeimn 's Journal Jbc., turn out to
re too trifling t disturb the course of events.
Perhaps Medary of the Cdurnbus Crisis, mar
tick to his principles, for he is an obstinate
fellow, and has eer rince the commencement
of the w.ir Kt'od fair and square" on the
ancient doctriue -if the " riht of a people to
govern thenvelTe." Ha thinks, undoubtedly
with much jas'.ice, that the peace men hare
h.'n i-wi, an! that th " sal? ' was a bad
Uarga' n, aud rau:.
enunciates the wk! ,
at that; ant no
- I tipxe, .:iai a
t-- -daVn s-y m -ut s i:oc ; never-
i:,e!cs, iraudulent sales "Lcueii:. pr
lotteries of the law without bein; scathed,
and reach secure positions where they are im
pregnable. iledary'a opposition will do no barm. He
will be regarded as a Jisorgmnizer, and will
be !eft out in the cold." The talk of Bogy
and Vailaudigham has resulted in the latter'
adhering to MeCiellan, &nd already the
speeches of VoorLces and Vailaudigham are
published from the Democratic ofiices, as the
reat electioneering d wim-nts for tha cam
paign. And it never occurs to any one of the
Yanked politicians, or the trulls of people who
real these truly admirable productions in
which the revered teachings of the declara
tion of independence are maintained, that th
Chicago nominee iu whose behalt these speeches
are published, is a living enemy of those
tiered principles who has applied the torch
for their consumption, asd is only wauting the
power to go forward and forever destroy the
f.vmdtion stone of our iatnerV great work
that "Government denvs its just powers
from the consent of the governed'' and
establish in its place a union, not of voluntary
ociates, but ef a lord'y and aomirieerioi
majority, controlling and blading a minority
inw iliing but ui.aa'e t i r?sisi.
It appears tiiat hoveYrr motley the views
of the various piriizxns an?, thy will mix,
fcnd McCleilan will combine the vote of the
wlvle democracy. Oa tie other hand the
opposition to Lincoln waxes fiinter and more
fe nt, Fremont, if not already withdrawn!
is likely soon to be, and he will probably retire
into some mountain fastne?3 to mourn the folly
cf a people who fail to appreciate the worth
of a traitor and apoolate. Wade aud Dvis too
will subside and ieaye Lincoln iu undisturb
ca iarcnitv, master o$ the situation. Ic w
supposed, and has bee:i so saij, that Chase
was for peace and might opH? Lincoln.-
Irately he was put to the test. Beiu; serena
ded by the Lincoln aud Joliusou club at
Washington, he announced his purpose to
go sooa to Ohio and take the stump for the
Republican ticket, on the Baltimore platform,
which la?t, he siid, embrace! three proposi
tions: The Union forever " thar the Uniovi
had been assaulted by slavery aud iivti
must die the deith that it deserves " and
the Monroe doctriue. Ou this platform lie
meant to ask every vote ia Ohio Ar Father
Abraham. It oia;tered not that Seward hid
j'ist said for Lincoln that the war was not
for abolition that all tne nigger measures
were just for war purooses, t j ud with the
war. All this with Mr. Chasa was '.otnic0--lle
put his ocn onniction oa the platform,
and here, like on the democratic ida, two
leaders are to be found in the assertion of
directly opposite tenets, derived out of the
very same language of their platform, yet both
acting iH harmony ! What is the mor: 1 of all
ibis ? W by, that the rulers and the people have
ccme " to believe a lie." Truth has no wor
Bhipperf. Fraud and cheating monopolize
the reason and the consciences of men.
And this is the people, tho nation who
seek our overthrow, who are invading our
0 1
order to force upon us their hateful associa-.
, A .
' ' , i
vile practic
radices of fraud and falseaood whicii i
make them abominable in our eyes. j
The Late Yankee Raid in Ihe Talley.
Th Riehmord Dispafrh of Saturday had
1irrel from a r-ifiTn of Oran ?e con nt v that '
. ' . . . i . ,
the raiding party oi cava, ry which lately ap-
raar th (rHiT and AlexanJria rnil
i -4 n.
road was seven uuaarm nou mrj muic ,
in rrrazr hit and retreatcl as hurried y. c
iu
iug hut little damage beyond partially burn-
fc , , t j a I trie battle, and squids loitering noout trie
icg the railroad bridge over the Rapidan and 1 .
6 , , ... rrL i t held, all caught the panic and fell into the
destroy ng Holiday's mill. Tbeir real object ; , , ... . ,-f . , - .
Ja , , e general rush, until i: constituted a neriect
is said to have been to capture 3losby. ot,
, , , , , , , storm of the madueis of hnman foil v. bed
whofre wound they had heard, and who they I , . . . . ' "
- , , . aiers threw iown their muokeis about the
supnosed would pa?s over that route on ms
r .. . ... ,
way borne. lie, However, was lar neyonq
their reach, and arrived safely in Richmond
by the Central train tint evening. The re
port that he reached his father's residence, in ,
Amherst, on last Sunday, was therefore er j
rcnecus.
It was reported that the jaiders had acain
returned to Orange, and were threatening the
ines of railroad communication.
Tar i v . . , !
lar is selling m ew York at two dollars
f rund. It used to sell at eighty cents a
Varrel. "
Frem our CorrespondenU in the Tallej.
We cive below, from our regular Co uC. C
dent in Hoke' Brigade, the fullest account we
have sn, on our side, of the battle near
Winchester on ths 19:h ; and also a list of the
casualties in Gen. Cox's Brigade, formerly
Ramseur's, furnished us ly Major Gales, A. A.
General, written on the 21st, the day before
Major G. was himself captured by the ene
my. It seem, from the account given by eur
corresponde- t 'Sigma," that it wa a shame
ful panic and stampede among some of the
cavalry, that caused us to lose the advantage
gained by a decided victory our troops had
achieved : and thus communicated to other
trao ;n t;lQ arinv. reu!t - i ' iu , most dis-
2racefui ro..t Tne enemy , retired -from
, oaf vit,lorious arUi, u 'hiring of the
fnMruatTou od Jaeiog conation of our
troops, they took advantage of it, deployed a
portion cf their tfoop3 and were about flank
ing Gen. Etrly, when he was compelled to
fallback. ' '
VTe have received no further advices of the
battle oa Thursday last.
HAg. Gen. Johnfn, of Lincoln county, we
regret to hear, is reported among the killed on
the I Oth. We trust the report may prove
unfounded. Our correspondents make no
mention of it :
Special Army Correspondence of the Confederal.
From the Army of Gen. Early.
Tuesday. Sept. 20, 1804.
Messrs. Editors: Yesterday was a bloody
day to ns, and bloodier still to oar enemies.
At d-iylight a spirited attack by cavalry was
made upon Johnson's brigade, of Romseur's
division, on the Berryviile turupike, about
two miles from Winchester. The attack was
gallantly repelled. But from the continued
roar of artillery, and the constant filing of
sharp-hootrs, it soon became apparent that
the enemy meditated a general engagement.
The main body of his lorces seemed to ba ad
vancing up the turapike from Berry ville,
rianki-i from the road right anddeft". Gens.
Early, Breckinridge, Gordou, Rodes acd llani
strur, with tbo Geneialsof Cavalay, made their
arrangements to give him a fitting reception.
About 10 o'clock the artillery piayed most
furiously. At 11, the action became general
and raed with great fury for the space of half
an hour, when our line of battle being hotly
pressed, fell bark a distance of about twa hun
dred yards and reformed in good order. The
enemy continued to advance, and our troops,
though greatly out'.irub rel, a Jdresed them
selves to the work. tefore tuern like men de
tervr?i .- t co''.'t or dif. The Yankee line
adyan-ed slowly. Our brave iellows -to--d
the fire like Salamanders, aud piii their rifles
like men wV . were fi .tin for ail that is
worth living f.-.r.
SuaU ascrne I u-jvr wittiessed. Tiie bittle
! fi'd .'i v u r ; 1 - ued nv s:iri- i id e lor
pray r; I f.:i;k orff-rv.tly. ,i .d .x e '-. i my
po. r way to appeyi f..?r help t oe Lord ot
Hon. niio v. il 1 f-.. t, wbt rf z-j:g at such
ascent as this? Toe angel of. death was
reaping a fearful h irve-t. Tue Ya.ik .' iip.e
in a few m'nutes begiu to lok rag-d au 1
rent. It WAverM, coofusin ensued, anil the
minion-! -f t yct turned ih-.-ir backs and
retreated in cou'tidm. Then the shoute of
victory rang along our iines as to cheer the
heart of every lover of his country.
Standing on the boov field I could not
forbear to iif: np my heart uJ sav, blessed
be the name of the L rd who. bitn given us
the victory.' The enemy retired tome dis
place and attempted to reform. His artillery
also fell back. His fire had slackened, and
everything on all sides combined to show
that our victory was complete. This was
about one o'clock, and thinking the victory
complete. I was engaged bringing the wounded
into the city.
A llitle after t'irep the enetnv's cavalrv made
a demonstration ou cur left, along the M-ar-
tuisburg turnpike. At th;s point was a bng-
A
ade of cavalry called ' Itaoovien's men;" and
although Gen. Imboden was esteemed when
, , -, , . - , ,
. .,. t ,
iug pressed, jjav-3 way in ou fusion, and cirni
rushiug into the two leading streets of the
! town as much excited as if thev had looked
lthtsd Paa the face, and erring out as
. - -
-"iou
wni.ftt clonde ot dust were rising to
heighten the scene. Wagoners, teamsters, am-
,
; li: Ids and the s
streets, divested tceniseives of
j cartiioge oxes, snapsis ;uu "asieif, iu
j order to run light ; ambulances ust returning
j from the battle-field went galloping off in this
j wild wbirlpjol, filled with tne agonizing
wounded,, ail tending to make ' confusion
! worse confounded."
j x w?s sittjcg jn a:i ambulance ia the street,
j hy thedeaj b.v of Brig Ge.i. G Jwin, which
j X"lrad just assisted in briu-iu- off the baftle-
field, whtn looking do. vo the street I saw the
... . , , .
fretzted rush comic on towards me like a
j hurricane. Dreading its contact, I called to
the driver to push with all speed, and if pos
sible to keep before this current of madness
uZtl1 we could clear the town, reach the com
mons, and thu3 being run over. Upon
clearing the town we halted. A' thcace
of about five minutes the passing, rushing
mass sf confusion had pretty much abated,
and passed on. I got out to look for Yankees ;
I took elavated positions ; but, behold ! I
could not discover a solitary " blue coat."
None could be seen, for none had entered the
town. Oicers who have seen much that is
exciting about battle-fields, tell me they have
never witnessed anything that will begin to
compare with the stampede at Winchester.
The flying brigade cf "Imboden's men" com
municated the paaic also to a portion of Me
Causland's command, who fled with them. This
break upon onr left, at this period efthe day,
l I. J i . a , .
Gen. Early deemed tt proper to fall back at
dusk. Our trains, bringing off all the wound
ed we could, reached Btrasburg daring the
night. .Oar troops are coming up to-day and
taking pesidon iu the breastworks thrown up
several weeks ago. This place is called the
Gibralter of the Valley, and ' is eighteen miles
from Winchester. We had to leave our dead in
the hands of the enemy. We had gained a de
cided victory in the field and were masters of
the situation, but the part played by a bedy of
undisciplined troops -compelled us to drop the
prize.
Our loss is heavy, especially in officers
Major Gen. Kodes. and Brig. Gen. Godwin
were killed. The latter commanded "Hoke's
014 brigade." The colonel and Lieut. Colonel
of the 21st Georgia are. among the fallen.
Capt. Richardson, A. A. G. to Gen. Godwin,
lost a leg. Lt. Col. Ellis, commanding the 54th,
N. C. T. was severely wounded in the left arm. It
is impossible at this time toasnke out a list of
casaiahie. Bat it will be a sad one when it
shall appear. Our los? I fear from the present
lights before ine, will ran up nearly three
thousand. That of the enemy was surely much
greater and may svra up five thousand. We
brought off about five hundred prisoners. The
prisoners inform us that Ges. Grant was in
command and that Gen. Averill was killed. I
will write you more fully two davs hence.
Yours as ever,
' SIGMA.
Asonef the curiosities of the times, we
give the following intercepted dispatch, taken
by us from the Philadelphia Inquirer of Sep
tember 13th :
THE DISUXI )K PLATF--RH GEORFE N. SAN-
Pers onck more.
Tne following is art iotereepted dispatch
irotu George N. Sounders to Mr. Seward :
$tecird IKxpalch to the World.
Clifton II use. C. W., September 5 2 p.
m. To the Hon. V. 11. Seward, Secretary,
United States Sir : Your speech at Auctiro
givts gratifying assurance that you continue ,
to n re much consideration to my op'"nion. It
is therefore to be regretted, in view of the
t'rvat American interests at hnztrd, that 30U
should have assumed a position which pre
ciudt:saU hope of negotiation with 3;':iir Gov
ernment, but, perhaps, when the Democratic
storm of November shall have foundered the
Rpul lican platform and you at sea, that you
will ri?e to a higher appreciation of the migh
ty interests involved, and that you wiil turn
your thoughts to the great tact that the easi
est and happiest syluMon of the problem lies j
in tne enlightened expansn n no nut in tne
contracted, narrow ruts of sectional hates.
Did the idea cever enter your brain that it is
possible to have ocean bound confederated
republics, and that the fouuder might become
the head.
Y'our obedient servant,
Geork N. SasrsRs.
Financial Gold 300 !
The New York Tribune of tho 24th inst. i
says ;
Gold has been tnuoh excited under peace
rumors, aod clones lower. The opening rate
was 217, reaching; to 210 and cloing at
2I1. The deliveries were made with unu
sual facility, and buyers were not disposed to
operate largely. Stocks have been in a small
panic all day, and quite low prices have been
made upon tho most producuve as well as
fancy shares. Government Securities wert j
a little lower, but no decline was &howu in
that direction, calling for particular notice.
The following telegrams are from the Bal
timore American, of Saturday afternoon :
New York, Sept.-24. Gold has had a de
cided downward tendency this morning.
From 212 it soon fell to 210; then to 207, and
half-past twelve o'clock was offered at 200,
with a still downward tendency.
O.io o'clock. Gold has farther declined to
205 urdcr too influence of the news fnra
Snenlan.
1:30 o'clock, p. m. Gr id has still farther
dechced to 200, and is still coming down.
FROM NEW ORLEANS LATER FROJf MEXICO.
St. Lor is. Stpt. 23. New Orlcaus advices
to the 16th, Via Cairo un the 23d, have bwn
received. There is nothing new trom Mo
bile. Col Day, of the 91t Illinois, commanded
the Federal 'roops at Brazos, Santiago.
It is rumored in military circles that Gen-
eri BaDks leaves this Department next week
He i- now m-'ie popular with the Free State
patty than ever ef..re.
The trar.fc.port Alabama has just arrived
iri:m the Brazos wita the intelligence that
another fiht had tccurred at Bagdad be
tween the French and Oirtina.s
A private letter written the night before
the transport sailed, says: "The right is now
progressing.
Ariil"ry is being used on both
sic-s ihe r;.r:
The
r . a: ;iks ar-gotKl gunners,
Mi'l are li.rreno.
c. Lje.turai ."
i'he re-u!t is purely
Subscribe to the 44 Confederate."
The Fish in the Valley.
'The following if the Baltimore American's
report cf the battle, furnished by a correspon
dent writing from Winchester, 29th, 9 p. m. :
Sheridan, having learned ou Sunday that
thejnain pertion of Early's force were en
camped in the vicinity of Bunker's Hill and .
Stephenson's Depo, resolved to mass his
forces on the Winchester and Berry ville pike,
and by a rapid movement hurl there, on
Early's rear. No doubt but the enemy were
completely surprised and out-raanteovred by
Gen, Sheridan.
Whilst his different columns were being
marched to tlte appointed place of rendcz-
ous, a portion qf the cavalry under Torbett
and Averill, kep up a Rtrong picket line
along the Opequa i, and by demonstrating in
force at Burn's Fi rd, kept a large portion of
the enemy at that ptrt of the field, which was
twelve miles discantdrom the point where it
nmo luicimn uui iv buuuiu operate anu
i'iv tuv V Wf. A CUVIUU ICWlit U IUB
Delay in the Arrival of the 19th corps ena
bled Early to move Gordon's division at
double-quick from Bunker Hill, distant about
ten miles, and bring it up in time to form in
Kne of battle with Breckinridge's Ransom's
and Rodes' cornmauds, who had already
arived and were formed ia a belt of woods
skirting the Berry ville and Winchester pike.
As soon as the Nineteenth Corps arrived it
was formed in four lines of battle, about three
hundred yardc apart, on the right of the 6th
Corps, and everything being in readiness the
advance was sounded at about twelve o'ciock,
and the different lines moved forward. .
The first line had not advanced more than
two hundred yards before it became warmly
engaged with the enemy, who were posted in
line about six bundled -yards distant. At
the same time our artjilery opened a furious
cannonade, throwing shells and solid shot
into the opposite woods, where the enemy
could be distinctly seen moving up reinforce
ments. Our different lines of battle continued to
advance steadily until they had approached
within nearly two luiodre i yards of the eue
emy's line, when the rebels opened a furious
cannonade with grape and canister from two
batteries, which they had priviensly kept
secreted and which ploughed through our ad
vancing lines, mowing doTi a large number
of our rueu.
The first lino was obliged to give way un
der se murderous afire, and in retreating
beyond the second lino threv it into momen
tary confusion, and it was also obliged to fall
back behind the third line, which had iu the
meantime been obliged to lay d wn in order
to avoid us much as pnsstble the effects of the'
Withering fire which the enemy's batteries
were directing agaiost our advancing liues.
Our artillery was now brought up and post
ed in a commaudiog position to silence these
batteries of the eaemy which had caused so
much annoyance, and our line was reformed
and again U'oved forward, regaining the ad
vanced potion, which they had when they
were obliged to fall bick. But this succfss
was not regained without tnest obstinate re
sistance on the part of the enemy.
IlxiTrtT-rcj5iinxi ' adsaneed ntwitiwU.
which we had preiasly occupied, the dif
fercnt lines of battle were ordered to lay down
and wait the arrival if Croak s corps, which
Wft3 hed ia rPorve q.. tho eastern side of the
Opequah. They w ro ordered up to take
position on h nxtm light of tho lin, in
order to counte-aet a movement on the part
of the enemy, who wore massing tro ps on
their left Hank, with a
view ot turning cur
right
freciselv at 3 o'clock, Crook formed ou the
right of the Nineteenth Corps, the First Di
vision the extru.ua rk'ht of our line, an I the
j Second Division it: 'M't renr, sapp rting a di
I vision cf tho Nineteenth Corps. Gen. Crook
navj,Jsy forn,ed hiw men, rode along the lines, j
aud was received with the
most
vigorous
cheering, the men promising to
"go iu and
wipe out Wineries. er.
Gtrn. Torbert, with Merri t and AveriU'g
t Division of Cavalrv,. having crossed the Ofu
j quan about 9 c';'loek at Darns and Knox?s
j Ford's had been bard at work all day, fig't
j ia cnusiderable bxiies of thr; enemy's infan
try and cavatry, nd having be-n t-uccesstul
i in steadrlv driving them before them, now
' arrived on our extreme right, and were pre
pared to take pi t in the final struggle which
secured ns the -.victory.
Gen. Sheridan rode out to where General
Turbert was staiioued, and after consultatiou
with him as to tho part the cavalry were to
take ordered a final charge, which was made
witti an impetuosity which nothing couid re
sist. Our line trending nearly three miles in
length advaucr.tl amid elite rs and yells, which
could be distinctly heard far above the noise
made by the thunder of artillery and continu
ous roar of nvisketrj, which fjr impetuosity
has saldoia bLn exceeded in any battle of this
war.
Our mn had determined to win the day,
aud nerved themselves accordingly for the
coming struggle, aud as our liueii advanced
closer to tht - of the enemy, the battle be
come more focre, mail iu point of desperate
and fierce carnage it would compare favora
bly with any similar cntst of this war.
The slaughter now was tiu'y awful, nd at
every discnarge men ve;o distinctly eeu to
drop all arvund, and the two contending lines
at som poi-vs could not have beca over two
hundtei yards pori.
Just at this critical f'.riod, above the roar
of artillery and mnsketry, ami tho cheers
and tierce yells of the contending armies,
could be distinctly heard the shrill notes of
cavatry bogl sc-uuding a charge, which was
the death knell of Early's army
The stubborn columns of Earlt's command
were forced to give way and break before the
fierce onslaught which our cavalry mde upon
them, who, with sabre in hand, rode them
down, cutting them right and left, capturing
seven hundred and twenty-one privates and
uon-commissioned officers, with nine battle
1 diss aiid two guns The broken and uo-
moralized divisions comprising barly s corn-
mand Bed in con fusion ; throwing away every
j thiug which ould in any way impede their
flight, and strewing the ground with their
arms.
Sorri? made for the heights beyond Win
hester, but they were ?p?edily dislodged by
j Averill, and forced to beat a hasty and Igno
I minious retreat up the valley, where such
.r iiirly;s command as are left him are now
scattered. .
Here follows a list of Yankeo officers killed
and wounded, including Maj. Oens. Russel
ad Upton, Brig. Gen. Mclntwh, and Cols.
BabtNck and Bright.
It is 5tisaated there are three thousand
wounded in Winchester, and allowing for
those who weN carried away in ambulances,
and who wereabSi to hobble slong, it will be
a small estimate to Jace their wounded at
four thousand, and tho killed at five hundred,
which, with the prisoners already captured,
numbering three thousand, will make their
lossseveu thousand five hvudred, equal to one
of their eorps.
It is impossible at the lirn ef writing this
dispatch to form any correct sstimate of our
killed and wounded, but from fNformation at
hand, they altogether will not exceM C00 kill
ed and 2,640 wounded, if they amount to that
number."
Another dispatch from Gen. Steve msoq to
Stanton says that among the rebel killed tf d
wounded are Gens. Rodes, Eamseur, Gordon,
Terry, Godwin Bradly, Johnson and Fits tee.
Stevenson is a liar.
List of Casualties.
Headq'rs Cox's Brigade,
1
Near Strasburg, Sept. 21. 1864. f
Hessrs. Editors : I send you for publica
tion, and for the information of the relative
and friends of the soldiers of this command,
'o ivuunmg nil ui mo ctuailrloa IU me urig-
ade in the battle of Winchester on the 19th
inst. The very slightly wounded, in most
cases, are omitted.
Very respectfully, See,
BEATON GALES, A. A. Geo.
ihe First If. C. Infantry , in Battle near
Winchester, Va., on the 19A Sept., 1864 :
Company B. Wounded: Jas S Stockard
side, Wm R Jones left hand. Missing : Jas
C Snores.
C. Weunded : Wm P Holland flesh wound
in thig1, Wm J Herring shoulder severe, Jos
Marble do.
D. Killed: Monroe Crabtree. Wouuded :
John A Bosweil, flesh iu thigh. Missing:
John L Gibson.
E Killed: II Robertson. Wounded: Ro
Pettigrew severe in side, Patrick Brod wick in
groin severe.
F Capt Thos D Boone right breast flesh.
Missing: Jno Jinkins and Jas Chisinhall.
G. Killed : Jos Collins. Wounded : II
Skittlethrop arm.
O. Wounded : T Seagraves, fhsh in leg.
U. Wounded
Jas SheDard shoulder. Mc
Wynn arm, Wm Jolly face. Missing: Eli
Gurganus, sgt WH Holydav.
l. wounded : Sumner l Wall arm, A U
Harris hand, E R Pace shoulder. Missing :
WTScarboro, Calvin Pearee.
K. B'oimded : S Hudson and missing.
List of Casualties in 2ud N. U. Infantry,
Sept. 19-h, ISG1, Capt. Jno. T. Cobb eom
mandittg. "Field and Staif: Killed, Serg Maj. J M
W.sc
Company C. Killed Privats A A DenfielJL
U. Killed, B ilUrd Wiggs.
Total enlisted 3.
A. Sc F. Wounded, private G Summons.
B Wi.'U nded. sergt J I J Fulgliam. ,
1. wounded. Private, J G Allen.
1). wouudod, W Scutt.
1. & K. wounded. Ma'on Reid, Andrew
Tucker, Wright Tucker.
Total enh.-ted 7.
WotrKU a Prisokkrs.
A. & F. sergt D Lane, corpl G W McCain.
B. private. Goo F Bivett, W M Boykin.
D. J R Lau, J S Mitchell.
K. J A I"hincan, J Wrench. '
G. F M Dickson, W Karriker, D W Bald
win, A Letitz. .-
II. Capt Jno P C.bb, private G C Boger,
Elijah C. sey, BiacUmaii Wiggs. Total, Com-
I missioacd 1 ; enlisted 15; total 16.
A. & F. Missing, capt N M Cuadwick,
i serzt J l R'K'l, private J II Dis, N Goocb,
! T Evane.
B. J II. Boyett, K-insom Hoyctt, M O
Treva hiu, K G Sim pi on, n Tatum.
C. H Mt. Geo W Britt. private TJ
Hard-on, J Summetiin, J F Summcrlin,
Whitehu-t, J V. Jones.
H. Segt J W Daley, private Arnos CottOD,
W II Holme., Junius Outlaw. Total com
missioned 2 ; enlisted 18; total 20.
Recapitulation : Killed, eulisted men S;
wounded enlisted men 7 ; wounded and pri
Honeis. Ctmmisionl oliicers 1 ; enlisted men
1 ; mis-Wig comniissionf d fuuer3 2; enlisted
men 18. Total casualties 4fi.
List'ok Killed and Wounded and Miss
ing of the ;id N. C. Infantry in the Battle
near Winchester, Va., on the 10th Sept.,
1864:
Company A. B ounded : Corpl 11 II Sugg
left arm severe. Missing: Private IFm Ea
8ome, Haywood Heath, Geo Shirley.
C. Killed: Lt Thes D Murphy. Missing:
Private John WAIHn.
D. Wonude l: Private W II Hugstins flesh
neck. Mining : Privates Jhs Branch, J H
Jciner. J M Newsom,Sgt Jess Tiedie.
F. Wouuded : Private C II Farrow. Miss
ing : I'iwatfS Geo Montgomery, G W Wil
liams.. W Ruth, D McDauiels.
1. Bounded: Privates T H Belvin arm,
T H Warreu leg aud arm, S D Lilley left arm,
W A Job facp, Isaiah Macon, J R Staly.
Missinss: A N WaU-rs. O A Hwlrick, A
Smith, W A Suratt, Lt J W Watson.
K. Wennded : Capt K B Powers shoulder.
Missi: g : Calbei t Herring.
Fouth N. C. Trowps, Capt. S. A. Kelly,
comn. mdiug : Company A- Wounded: Corp
P A Shaver, privates J G Ingram, H Uobbs,
J O i'-vin. Missing : Private J A Augliu Lt
T M D.vidsoti
B. Wouuded : Privates D S Cowan, J H
Hold-claw, J W Gullett. Missing: Sgt D A
Don hoe, privates G S Beik, G W Meanest.
C Hounded : Lt T M Stevenson, corp Jno
l A Fir..ster. privates W T Hutcbios, J S Mil-
ler.
Job i
D
iiissmg ;
W A Jfalker, A F Lewis, S L
J H Campbell, J A Brandon,
Lt P
o". and A H G.odiQ.
Killed: Ephram Grant. Missine :
Cotj TJ'B Howell, private W J Roberts.
E. Killed: Private A J JPard. If'oundexJ :
Sgt S B W'hit ey. private J n Brickdl. Miss
in? : J Pate, J n Hendriekk.
F. Wounded: St J U.y. Missing Lt
H Warren, cor p IK I B'ooteu, privates linc
yan Barnes, B rant Stokes, Kdvvard names,
Joel Taylor, H'R Battle.
G. Wounded: Capt S A Kelly, privates L
Cranfill, W Sheets, T J Baker. Missing: Sgt
J W Brooke, private J B Stroud.
II. Wounded: 8t:t 8 P Graham, corp J W
Robinson, privates J A Wcisner, Miles Gamp
bell, John Farr. Missing: N B Journey, .1
j A Keadmaa, y y wootcn, Ko Brown, Mad
j ion Brown, B L Cwrte r.
I. Killed: Lt J EM Howard. Acfg Aj.
Wounded: Privates N P Parser, W C ftild
well, S O Swindell. Missing: Sgt R F Ta
tem, curp J Vf Selby, priyatcs T M Gjx, II F
Forbes, A J Park.
K. Wounded: Wm Murr, L Turner. Miss
ing: Lt A X VTisemsD, privates Henry Caster,
M Rencenia.
FutriiTlitNTM N. C. Taeopa, Col. R. T.
' Bknnktt, CBmaMQdius-FicU and Stalf: '
! Col R T Benneit captured, Majer J Ii Lam
j beth wounded end prisoner, J R Martin Act-
iig Sgt Major, wounded unsl prisoner.
J Company A. Private T E Kins: wounded
!J through left lung aud a prisoner, II IFSherin
i wounded in arm and side, F M Joliason iu
face, sgt J W Harper through left foot, corp
?, C Hardy missingsupposed to be a prisoner.
( B. Rilled : Privates R X .Snider and .1 0
j Pariah Wounded and Piisoners: Sgt 0 L
j( Linos seven through right, toot, corp B ft
&pps tcrougn leg, privates Ambrose ilycrs,
W J Collett, J C Wilburn paiefnlly tbrongh
L right arm.
Aiissifig:
SjI L J Myers. Pri
i vates J R Leonard, J Wagucr, A Seachrlat ,
T Hepler.
C. Killed: Private W L Suuback. Woun-
ded: Lt W A Liles in foot, sgt J W Ttiru
lej, corpj B Waddill right thigh, private G
Coyer shoulder, J J McLenJon left arm, O A
Morton leg (contusion), W C Tbreadgill lei t
baud and prisoner, T J Watkins iu face an J
shoulder, Jos Wheeler in knee.
D. Wounded, lieut D IlarmoD, iuoi tally
through abdomen, private S A Wilson, painful
ly through ltft left, private A Poly, left tWtga
fractured, H K Roberts severely left leg. Mis
sing, private J T Gaddy.
E. Wounded, corpl Rufus Ponl in leg, sergt
Rafus Smith in leg, private Jatprr FUis severe
ly in arm, John Carroll ia neck contusion.
Wounded and prisoners private P Carter, euver
in shoulder. Missing, private S 15 Grady and
Ransom Carroll.
F. Wounded, and prisoner, private W C Mas
king, ia abdomen. Mieing lieut. G M Wil
liams supposed to be prisoner, seigt N 8 Wcs
tall. Missing, private A Simmons supposed lu
Ksa AvioAtiai 11 Ikf llhaUe
!wv fJ k?vj aa v f iva a. u v t va
. G. Wouuded aad prisoner, private A Young
: -1. i ... f : .. i. . 1 1 i r
Iocvvrcijr in nuuoniru, r iiiiv;ucii iem arui uiu
ken. G W Smith left lee (eveie. T 1! Left wick
' severely in hip. Wounded, sergt .1 J S
' severe in right arm, private W B Wrigl
C9
Scartil!,
ght lc't
hand. A A Griffith in aide. Missing, sorst W
D Harris, private J M Wilseo.
II. Killed, capt J R Deborry. Missing, pri-
vate .T A Lilly, and W V, Dtx'w prisoner and
wounded, lieut W H Henrne severe in left fot.
j TVoua led, corpl E Lowder in head, VI Maberry
severe ip left shoulder, pnvute M 5ri r-,
1) D No '. n in right rrn, John !;y.
tin it CA.ftpji rl-ii.iKrti r..i.i A.irin i. ft i ir.
J left knee, private M Ho!rick mortally tLrou jrTt
breast, tvouljded, eergt It II Ilanji.hrcys
severely in right hip.
K. Killed, private A M Adauis. Wouuded,
eapt Joseph Jones in left thigh, srrgt F W
Itodeker severe in left thigh, private J H Keith
iu shoulder, William Champion in haJ, M
Caudel in fuce. Wounded nd prisoLsr, pti
vae E M Rrberts, supposed to be mortally.
Missiug, corpl C Adams.
Thtrtkktii N. C Taoers, CaptJ. C. McMir.-
LAM Coil MAN Il KQ
Company, A. Wovtndd. privatc- R i Cek in
knee, Jrtcob S Frieland iu iiriu. Missing, pri
vate W S Howard and J C Waller.
V: TTun-led, private J L Shearon iu f&ot.
C. Wounded, cpt U C AlUn in shoulder,
private lltigh Sprinkle
D Wounded, private W Cooper eeverc In
head.
K. Killed, corpl J F Ward. Wouaied, aergt
J W llavsey ii arm. private R Dixon, mortally,
J MoLiiiis nature uot Liioti. W B Mobiy in
head. Missing, tttgl K M I)iup3y, privnte II
S Bouy.
F. noue.
G. MisHug, private W H. Crither.
F. Wounded, J J H'ghtin, in atdotnen, crid
II Mathews leg broken. Mtsbiug, privat W
He&lricU?. i
I. Wouuded, privA'e W Belts iu face, J U
Culpepper in shoulJci.
K. Wounded, lilut J S Ijn-as, Act. Adjf. in
wrist ; private J II Johnston iu ti le.
For tho Conie I'rii'e.
The Current).
I don't itiUMid to wiito on :.uy up mi the
currency, but merely to call attention to th
charges cf Orporatiotia, whi-H arecalctl it,
if not intended, to break down any currency.
The Wilmington and Wdoii Railroad chargei
oa a sack of G flee, weighing ore hundred and
twenty-five pound, from WHin'mlou V
Wcldon. a distance of on. h"rdre 1 nnd ";Tty
miles the enormous fctitii of thirty iovn dol
lars and ftlty cents, when carried on the mud
train, and halt that amount when carriei l y
regular freight. The charge for a barf-l
sugar, weighing two htirdred anl ninety -three
pounds, is eighty-seTen dollars ard
ninety crn!.. Th" hargo f..r conveying
panenger t5? only thirty d. -liars, whi'stit v.a
five b.-fore the w;r. 'i his ii 9ix pri'T-son p--scngtr
freight, whilst thecharg'.H convey,
log something to eat at;d drink is about forty
prices Why this vast dinwence 7 (Jan attv
currency sustain it ? G!d uud tUver would
! sink under kucIi chargrs.
I have often heard it said that otrpcratiot:
had no souls." In the days they have
neither soul nor heart. Extortion has crowd
ed out everything else.
I have not singled out this one railroad ah
a target to shoot at in preference to any other,
but have nmply mentioned this one bica'.:
I had the data from which to make my calcu
lation. Other roadj are ist as much to b!auj.n
fur high charges and extortion 1 write this
article iu no -pint of hatred or revere, but
simply to call the attention of the proper
authorities to the subject, witk the hope tnat
they will meet together aud reduce their
charges to a reasonable standard, and thereby
sustain the government aad the couutrv.
September 20lh, ISO!. RAILROAD-