V
V:
THE 'CONFEDERATE.
TTHDESDAT, March 2, ISM
Important. -
Chief Justice Pearson has decided that the
act of Congress requiring the conscription of
those persons who have heretofore furnished
substitutes is unconstitutional, and of no bind
ing effect. We have seen no other sach decis
ion. In thjs connection he" has also held that
the act of Congress suspending the privilege of
the Hi1 Corp u, dom I ot apply to he cases
of principals of substitutes-
We cannot belieTe that this decision of Judge
Pearson will be received a a rule of action by
the. Government at Richmond. Nor onght it
so to be. If these principals in North Carolina
shll, by this "judicial liik." escape the ser
vice, universal discontent will pervade the any.
Men will not comprehend how tfcey can be
forced into the aerrice from South. Carolina
Virginia, Georgia and Alabama, and the eajae
class of men be exempt in this State. The
effeet of this deciiion, if allowed to stand rill be
to open up a stream of immigration until North
Carolina will become a common receptacle of
all skulkers and shirkers. In addition to our
own frogs, we shall have the locutta in all our
borders.
But it will not be allowed to stand. The
IWtza Corptu ha been suspended in all cases
of "attempts to avoid the service. These
aitempta had been made by escaping from the
country, by forged exemptions, by fraud in
procuring judicial discharges, and by the nse
aal abuse of the privilege of Habeoa Corpus.
It was the intention of Congress to include all
these, and any other case of an attempt
"thither by judicial protest or othertcise to avoid
the aertiee. Congress foresaw how embarrassing
and unjust would be the result of leaving this
question of conscription to Judges scattered
about, of different tsjinds, different capacities,
different prejudices and different sympathies.
Congress further saw that the rights of citizens,
their common constituency, would be better
preserved by having the military affairs of the
Government under uaiform and settled regula
tions from the War Department which would
treat all Confederate citizens' alike exacting like
services and allowing lite exemptions. This is
the plain ense and meaning of, the act, whether
expounded by any ru'e of right reason, common
sense, or legal construction.
The next step, then, will be, that the Govern
ment will disreg-ird the writ of Iljbeas Corpua,
and instruct its officers to return that they hold
the bodj as of a person 44 avoidisg the mili
tary service."
Here then wil 1 be? an issue at once rave ami
threatening. Will any Judge in Norm Caro
lina attach, for a contempt, th? officer thus
obeying the orders" f the Government? Will
auy Judge eeek to enforce such attachment?
If so, the GfTerr.nitnt will surely sustain
its "flicers and ?n isue is at our doos, which
will demand fn m our State authorities the
exercise cf the UiK-st order of jridinent.
Toe Government ca. neither iccefe,uor 'airy.
It must move on. To pause were weakness ;
and delay raore injurious than haste. Let
this matter le at euje understood by the peo
ple of North Caiv!i;M. Tin pujj'ic necessity
demands that the array should be filled. The
('overoment incus to fid it according to law.
It means to jiulge the 'law for itself, and to
judge it fairly and imifornily. Cougres has
enabled it to do s and it does uot mean to
be thwarted in tills aetiou, now "become vitally
essential to its own and the national existence.
The army wili support it for the array
fi-tli the need of men and welcomes every
effort to obtain them.
The citizens at home having sons, brothers,
husband.', relatives and friends owe to them
as wcli as to the country, to support the Gov
ernment. Fellow citizens, look this matter calmly in
the face. It wore better to yidd a patriotic
submission, than produce conflict. Be as
Mired the Government has law and .justice, as
it has strength an 1 nerve on its side.
I Lead the following forcible and appropriate
extracts from the writings of Gen. Washing
ton :
' Certain I am. th at unless Congress speaks
ii. a inure t-ecisive ,.ne, unless tney are 'vest-
ed with power bv the several States, com
St-
pt-nt to the g-eat purposes it the war, or
as ime them a matter of right, and they and
the States respectively act w;Ui more energy
than they hitherto have donc that our cause
i lost. We can no longer drudge on in the
old way. By ill-timing the.ado,iion of meas
ures, by delays in th execution of them, or by
unwarrantable j -i 1 nsies. we incur enormous
expenses, aid d-jrie n benefit fron them
One State will comply with a requisition from
Congress, another neglects n d it ; a third
executes it by halves, and all differ in the
nanner, the matter, or so much in point of
time, that we nr.- always working up hill,
and, wiiiltj such a ystem as the present cue,
r rather w.ntof one, prevails, we ever shall
he unable to apply our strength or resource
to any advantage.
"This, ray dear Si, is plain language to a
member of Congress ; but it is rhe language
of truth and friendship.. It is the result of
long thinking, close application, and strict ob
servation. I ee one head gradually changing
into thirteen I see one armv branching into
tbirten, and inMe 1 of looking up to Congress"
as me supreme controlling power oi the Coun
try, considering themselves as dependent on
their respective States. In a word, I see the
power of Congress declining too fast the con
sequence and respect which arc Slue to them
as the great representative body of America,
and am fearful of tbo consequences."
More Cheering Sews.
Our telegrams of yesterday brought the wel
come intelligence, that herman has been
stoppe-l at Meridian that the grand combina
tion of movements against Mobile had failed
that the corps of 83.000 had eaten up its twenty
dajs rations, and had been cut ff from the
cavalry reinforcements that a retreat by every
available route back towards Vktsbur" had
been began and that this hungry, disappointed
and baffled crew were closely pressed by our
troops under Forrest and Lee. whohad aur
rounded Greirson, capturing many prisoners.
This is glorious news and we hope for bettex
The picture at present is, that the invader U
fleeing, east and west, before GenMa Polk and
Finnegan.
l S. See Telegraphic column for more
Fo d news from Geo. Polk.
. The Currency Bill.
Congress was obligsd to do 'some positive
act to reform the currency. The public mind
had run to riot in the extraordinary condition
of the monetary interests of the nation. Spec
ulation was rampant and uncontrollable; con
.fidence had been swamped, and " hide and go
seek " hid become the game of boarders whom
no impulse of patriotism and no dash of ven
ture could induce into risks and the necessa
ries of life were being-put out of reach. The
poor had begun to want, in the midst of char
ity. The army, whose support was indis
pensable to the existence of the nation, bad
to be supported by tithes and', impressments.
The Government, oppressed by heavy exac
tions, could only meet the demand by farther
exhaustion of its cedit Agitators added to
the general evil, by frogging land with
their croaks, by denouncing the government,
and inviting insurrection. Want of confidence
was becoming universal, and the broad road
was fast widening into a slough' ef destruction.
Cor. grew-has met the necessities, boldly
fully and we think successfully. The disease
was deep-seated, malignant and rapidly devel
oping symptoms of fatality. .The operation
has been sharp, and to the r ots, and the erad
ication painful in the extreme. But the cure
will be permanent, if the patient takes ordinary-care.
" ;
The main features of the bill require:
That all notes not bearing interest, of a de
nomination above five dollars, shall be funded
before the 1st ef April next, in the registered
bonds drawing four per cent, interest, or suffer
a taxation of 33 i per. cent, of their face. Af
ter being thns taxed, these mites may be fund"
ed as before, until the 1st of January, 1865.
Note of one "hundred dollars, not bearing
interest, shall, in addition to the above, be
taxed ten per cent, per month after the first
of April, shall cease to be receivable inpay
ment of public dues, and shall not be exchan
geable for the new issue proposed by the Gov
ernment And the notes of no denomination
as above staled, shall be funded after the 1st
of January, 1865, and ail which may not have
been exchanged for the new issue, will then
be taxed one hundred per cent.
The present effect of this, legislation seems
to be to withdraw the notes of the lowest denom
inations from the market, and to increase prices
33$ per cent, on commodities offered for sale.
This is an effect wholly illegitimate, and is
purely the result of panic -and will favor
only the speculator who furthers and pro
motes it. The high prices had already been
the growth of inordinate depreciation, having
no reference to the value of the article or of
any relative value between the currency and
specie. There is therefore" no reason in the
argument that prices ought now to advance
to the amount of the tax, " in order to obtain
the usual rate of profit on agricultural or com
mercial capital." . That is already obtained
by a four per cent, obligation, to be leceivable
in payment of all Government dues payable in
1864, except export and import duties. The
capitalist' who parts with his currency now for
ll.ese obligations, geU iu exchange for a depre
ciated and depreciating pryerty, one of an
actual, fixed standard value ; a property to be
greatly needed whose par worth can only be
jeopardized by the failure of the National
cause. In other words for . one hundred
dollars that will this moment buy an article
and in ten minutes will lack ten per cent., of
doing so, Ue gets a 'hundred dollar certificate
or bond, registered arid receivable for taxes,
which beyond all peradventure will be good
for a hundred dollars lor th;s purpose, or good
for this amount when sold to another,, or good
for this amouut if in the revolutions of com
mercial matters four per cent, becomes to be
considered a fair profit on a safe-permanent
investment. ,
The buyer then, who submits to be chiseled
in the market by purchasing now, when he
cau wait five weeks, inflicts his own evil
and volunteers .a contribution to greed and
avarice. On the other band, the manifest in
terest of every man who has food or other
articles for sale, is now to crowd thearkets,
while money is abundant, and sell Tor fair
profit ; for he may be assured that the redun-
dant circulation will be absorbed asranidlvas
the blood rushes from a severed jugular. No
hundred dollar note will stay out in the cold
in order to bny an entrance after the first
ot April at a discount of 33 per cent, or risk
to catch a langushing consumption of ten per
cent, a month afterwards. When this absorp
tiu does taie place, and currency is reduced
within the limit of necessary demand and
supply, then at once its value appreciates.
It will be hard to get. Something to sell
must come forth, in order to buy it. Heavy
taxes then rising up will demand to be settled
and theu money will rule the market, and
the market must submit in price, out of its
necessity for money. m
Confidence establisLed and it follows be
yond a possibility, that demand and supply will
control prices, disrobed of the intervening in
fluence of inflation and redundancy. It took
the English House of Commons a very long
number of years to comprehend bow depreci
tin of currency alone, was produced by re
dundancy and how this depreciation inflated
prices irrespective of the value of coin and
bullion. It took the Bank. Directors-etill longer
I to find out this simple matter of finance. Both
for this long time clung to an iflea that some
appreciation of specie intermingled in th mat
ter. But the financial enigma received its
solution after numerous reports, and now, the
received opinion is, that a diamond is valuable
becaast s a jewel the most rare; make it
common as charcoal, and it would be probably
not 'worth as much. - Any young beau will
recognise the fact, that if twelve young ladies,
are at a cotillion party with eight young men,
there is a redundancy the currency is depreci
ated, and a bean who adds an r even, to make his
proper pronunciation, finds no difficulty m find
ing a supply .of the redundant circulation. On
the -other hand, said the bean will find no place
in the set reduce the, redundancy and appreci
ation at once ocean and possession only be
comes possible to a high order of exchangeable
produce.
Here is this "financial question illustrated
uon a standard of value above gold or precious
stones. .
jbe witt
his pocket, but goes Uow to the depository and
gets a four per cent, certificate or bond, instead
of squandering it on something he can-do with
out, at the present speculative demands.
Both will, in this way, ; exchange a money
which many causes had conspired - to depress,
into the full value of its faceinto'a property
well secured by the good faith of a nation, whose
rank and independence will soon be established.
We shall notice other features of the bill
hereafter. . ' v ! - "
Good Adrlee Gratia. .
Among the roaring Ltooa- that , go about
seeking whom they may devour, jmd one
el
the largest, most insatiable-oft the specie
is Panic. This wild beast, springs from tiis
lair at a single bound, and rushes on bis prey
with a violence defying: restraint and over
whelming opposition,' Panic is a. disease, as
much as small pox sodden,' infectious and
fatal. Armies in the field veteran, disci'
plined and brave have been suddenly seized
with panic paralyzed and prostrated. Mas
seca's indomitable braves wlpo broke the
seige of Genoa, once took flight under a panic,
and ran away from an inferior force, as much
astonished as these were consternated. Com
mercial andfinancial panics have occurred' pe
odically, producing. the wildest ruin and bank
ruptcy. Corrency changes provoke panics,
and greedy and rapacious roaring lions stim
ulate and aggravate them, in order to gorge
their appetite out of the spoils of the excite- 4'
loent. The proper weapons of defence, are!
coolness. - self-possession and common sense.
First, officials, having the public interest .in
their hands, must exercise these qualities,
that they fall cot into the vortex of panic.
This is doubly incumbent on them, both for
their individual interest and for those infer
ests that are entrusted to them. .'
Corporations, created for the public good,
dependent on the public favor, expectant of
the public approval, and powerful for the
public service--beware of Panics. You are
eminently in command to direct the defence
against them. .The people draw "quiet, cahn
and , encouragement' from the action of Cor
porations, as they preserve their equanimity
in moments of panics. .
We'direct the foregoing remarks to the pres
ent state of public feeling on tho late currency
Will. There is no need of .alarm or excite
ment. Tho path -is very , plain to all those
who wfsh to adapt their condition to the new
order of' things. Read bur article on the Cur
rency Bill.
Wft have read again the agitation points of
Mr. R. P. DickV late circular. Mr. Dick is
now the main feature in the ngitatiu move.
Wiser heads have drawn out of sight. Mr.'
Dick' brawny muscle " can alone support
the azitation. Mr. Dick holds-' the baby a
" cradle joy the dear thing the more of a
" cradie jjy " to its present nurse, because
all its cruel papas havo gane nnd deserted it.
Wfi.ere are Senator E G.' Kcade, "VV. W.
Huldeo, Ed. Patrick, Thus. B. Long, D. F
Caldwell, Esquire, " our old classmate," Dr.
J. T. Leach', the rejuvenated T. JJardy, Sec'yt
and Ho. S. (one of the elect, misnamed.)
Christian ? Can't any one of these immortals,
whom our li;.has perpetuated can't any one
or all of them "Spell Father Dick awhile,
and tend to " cradle' joy," lurn and turn
abut ? "
What a sad thing it is to see ungrateful
patients teglect their cwn offspring iu so
many cruel ways. Here xfsj, a week ago. a
great, big-headed, and apparently hard-head
ed, thumping child strong and active a"cra
die joy" as might inspire prid; now, a poor,
weak, puling , fretful infant screams like l
had worms no longer -a joy to any body,
but become a " cradie sorrow " and all owing
to the inattention ami neglect cf the paternal
parients One thing we cau say: Mr. Dick
deserves credit for constancy. We always
knew he vas politically bull-headed we
mean determined and fy-m. in his own way.
Then we would 6ay to Mr. Dic k :
Roeky-a-b baby on tho treo tup, .
When the wind blows the cradle will roek ; . .
' When the bough breaks the cradle will fall.
And down will come baby and cradle and alL"
The whole of Mr. Dick's circular, cradle
joy" fftid all, will Ue in a few weeks trans
ferred ti the nursing of Geo. Mills Joy Yan.
kee and through nis- columns will be sent
North ; and the Yankees in Massachusetts, as
they read this out-pouring of a malcontent,
will take new faith in North' Carolina's readi
ness for re-union ; and recruiting officers on
Nassau street, New York, will say to their
gang Look here I. W know this man Dick :
He is the first man- in North Carolina" a
dash there" and the old State is. back in
the Union. . And thus new devils are enlisted
to come here, and to poor, heart-stricken and
bereaved mothers, bring not cradle but
household, home, world-wide sorrow, grief
and dps-!ati'n while Mr., Dick, with his
" cradle jrys ' and the other follies of his
communication, is wholly ignorant of the evil
he bao done. '
Mr. Speaker Bocock.
The address of this distinguished officer of
the House of Representatives on the pro
nouncement of iu adjournment sinedic, closeV
tiie orthodox manifestations vh":ch,-emauating
originally with tfce army, have been responded
to by the President, by the trwo Houses of
CongTess, and again by their presiding offi--cers,
now go forth to animate the pop
ular vigor, to tir the popular energy, and
inspire the popular-confidence. The' address
of Mr. Bocock tikes rank among. the hist in
aoaloas, fervent outpouring of eloquent devo1
tion It will be read with eager iuterest, and
approved and remetuhoreu. It consecrates
the Speaker to a new station in the affectien
of the people. It will bear its fruits in stim-
nlating relaxed seal, and impetizing a slack
ening faith an) it will go to record for its
. anthor and for the cause, as a useful im
plement in working out the grand result.
The communication from Lyctrrgus very
briefly demolishes any argument the Chief
Justice can erect for his late decision. R
also makes appeal to- the Governor which
ADDRESS GF jBOTEBIOB YAICE,
ON THE CONDITION OF. THE COUNTRY,
DELIVERED AT WILfcESBOBO', N. C,,
FEBRUARY 2n, 1864. .
a shoet-hahd bxfobt, bt
a. CXHTOH STKD.
J
FsLLow-CmzEiis, Ladles'-ayd Gistuwck :
J. do not know how it is possible forme to make
myself heard by this large- aadience. unless 1
adopt the plan of. the one-armed soldier who
could not hag his sweetheart all the way around,
and so was forced to chalk the distance he could
reach oa one side, and then tarn and hug as far
on the other. (Laughter. ) It is scarcely pos
sible for me to tell you, fellow-citiaeos, what say
feelings are on once more visiting the people of
Wilkes county; I well remember, and perhaps
some of you do likewise,! the first time I ever
made my appearance before you. Ia the summer
of '53 a stranger, a boy in years and expe
rience came among yon seeking one of the high
est offices within your gift ; having, nothing in
the world to recommend hini you having never
even heard of his name before. Yet I was so
fortunate in making -a .favorable impression:
upon you, that you took me up, and from that
day to this have never failed to heap honors
upon my head. I would be worse than ungrate
ful, especially when I have this vast assembly
to-day a witness to the fast that I am still re
membered by the people of Wilkes county, if I
were net devoted to your, interest nay, if I
were not willing to lay down my life for you.
MayjGod bless you, fellow-eitiiens, for your
kindness to me. It affords me great pleasure
indeed to meet so large an assembly from this
and adjoining counties. I rejoice to know that
even in the midst of a great and desolating war,
the. people, in such large number, can yet leave
their homes and business to listen to' one speak
nn'k.A A;;r, ui:. r : - i
..pun uu. vuuui uuu vi uinr ;uuile Mlairo, BBlflQ
from the gratification of the personal compli
ment you pay me, as expressed by the large
audience that honors me with its prensnee and
attention. I sall endeavor to justify both the
public interest you display and the complimeatt
you bestow, by to-day doing something which is
very rare in a politician by telling the truth.
Why-have you, my feliow-citizWs, invited
me to speak to you n this natal day of the
great Washington ? What is it you. want? Of
course you desire to hear nb ut the condition
of the country. Ot course you want the plain,
unadulterated, undisguised facts; not that
which would be most plea ingto you, but that
which is true. Most'iikely you would be
unable to find a demagogue who could com
ply with this requirement, because with him
the habit of-tellin" the rxioolethftt which flit.
ters their vanity, and cart-ttilly avoiding anyl
painful truth which might shock their tender
sensibilities, has grown biti a second nature
from which wo may anticipate no substantial
food far toe body politic, sneh s ihese- trying
times imperatively deruruuT. In an hour like
this, aiid m such an occasion as the present,
especially is it.of the nvwt profound import
ance that no considerations should - influence,
nave thoso affecting your deepest anJ most
lasting interests. 1 am not so hypocritical as
t t oast that in all my past career I have
njpver oncn talked ''soft rnnseose" to the "dear
peop'e." On ttie contrary, I am free to confess
that otherwise I would not have been such a
successful suitor for political favors. (Lanyh-t-r.)
But 1 flatter -myself I have preserved
enough honor and candor to prevent me, when
so urgent a nceesMty requires it, from telling
that which is most true in preference to what
isiiu-st pleasant, and from trifling with the
dtstinies "of my country. I esteem myself
very fortunate in having saved so much as
this from the breakers whonyMi s many craf-s
go to pieces ii the yeasty waves ,of political
life. Indeed I may say I am as lucky as
Paddy Maguire, au old acquaintance) ot my
Iriend, ' Judge H - , who, in. reply to the
fricudly inquiry of the latter, how h got on
xclaimel, "Well may it. plane vr, honor, I've
bin upon yer State dochitt an' bin dhriink,
an' got a Hoggin' at the whippin' post, since
ye was here ; 'nut thanks b"e to the Varirio,
amid all me wickedness and raschality I've,
preserved me reliirin' intire." (Laughter.)
And so amid all my political short-comings
I have preserved honesty etiougb, I hope, V
tell you what I conceive to bp trug about the
condition of ihe Country, the aspect of its
civil and military afta-irc. tho prospects of the
future, and the dutiest that devolve upoli U
and demand nur energy ami emlurarce to the
successful accomplish mt.'rtt of the work.befoM
us.
A people who have Wen afflicted as you
have been afflicted; a people who suffer as
you suffer ; a people whise gallant loya have
been slaughtered as yonr sins have fallen on
the' battle .ticld ; whose oavlings now languish
iu Northern prisons; wives-, whoso husbands
are wasting ia far oistoit camps th weary
weeks f listless inactivi'y, while the "els
choke tho scanty harvest, and the children
pine for the presence and support of their
natural protertor ; old men, who, in ' feverish
anxiety await intelligence which each nc
ceedins mail may .brin of tha slaughter of
tiieir prido and support of their, declining
years all are liable to r aclj out, with the
spirit of a drowning man. to grasp any pass-
Hig-stiaw, which for the moment, may keep
their beads above the roaring flood, losing
sisht meanwhile of the firm, perhaps Ajie dis
tant shore, which with calm, determined and1
persistent eflort they will assuredly enable
them to attain. . -
lii cunsjueace of Ibis, continued - suffering ,
which experience had not prepared the peo
ple to emfctre with the fortitude possessed ov
some nations who have been nurtureu u tno
shock of arms, a certain discontent has perva
tlod and a fmieral cloom Imng over thn com-
mnnity, engendering, if w8 credit a wide ru
mor throughout the State, a notioii inas we
must have a Convention that we must secede
from the Southern Confederacy ; that we must
repudiate the whole thing, and go bacls and
do our first work over again.
Now, permit me to aii you what it was
that got you into this scrape ? Why, yn all
know it was th.3 fact of your secessiou in the
first instance.
Suppose you were siJk of typhoid fever and
had been close to death's door ; atsj becoming
convalescent, the physician should gravely
inform yu that the only plan to -elf. set ytmr
ntire recvery would he rotate nnothor spell
iTthe iufermi fever? Would you not think
he was a fool? (Laughter.) Or, suppose a
surgeon should say to a xoldhr with a ball in'
his leg: My dear fellow. I don't see how it
is possible for you o obtain relief, uiiIumI
call for a musket and put aimt.hsTo.ie i'l the
oiher leg." That would In curious forgery,
.would t uot ? Would a .system Ifcsed on the
same principle be less absurd, when applied
to the heating of the bo iy politic ?
Seccssiob was tried aitec it hnd lieeh con
sidered for a perioil .of forty years, and the
whole country understood it as completely as
an abstraction could he understood." We were
promised it ehonld be peaceable. v What is Oie
result ? Why, it h Veen everythirw? H It
has involved us iu a war that has no parallel
pon the pages of history.' Do you expect to
find a reined j' by a repetition of the doee that
brought you t bed? You will pardon me
for a funny illustration of so serious a subject,
but I am somewhat like the old lady, who, in
company with her " old man " used to visit a
country store kept by one Major Smith (as
there are no Majors and no" Smith's in this
section, there is nodanger of identifying him.)
The Major kept some fine samples of wet goods
in the cellar, to which he treated bis customers
bofitm Aianlflvinir hisilrV ZOods UU Stairf I foV.
lie knew, s vou do, that a roan in a-eertaie
Rtata of exhifn ration imagines he ca buy two
three bounties, to say otbbg of goods and J
irroceries. . f Lautbter. ) Ana tne atoressia
old ooupleiwere about the best, customers be
nice samples he does put up to bcLsure, and
how be sweetens I" . Urappliutr theold than
with one hand and jssttculaling with the other,
she jiroceeded to expatiate on the Major's
charming qualities, .until they came to a branch.
up the opposite bank of which the oki man
managea to riae, wmie ine oia lady un
consciously slipped off quietly into the stream.
The old fellow rode some d-stmce before he
discovered ho had lost .something, and rode
pacK to the stream when he ascertained what
it was. There she lay in the brauch, fiat au
her back, and had dammed up the water until
' it had just begun to .run into the comers1 of
her mmith. She imagined she was in the eel-J
utr.atikiBg 10 tne Major, ana r sampling,
rolling her eyes, pursing up ht-r. mouth, she
, would say every now and ben, "no$ any more
I thank you Major' " not another rap Major,
. UnleSS it is sweetened." fQntinnil lanhtr
Just so with your humble servant in regard to
ocvww;u iwoi aujotoer urop, M' jt, n yoa
please, sweetened or not sweetened. (Laifjh
ter and appiause.)' . ; . ?
Odr destinies, my fallow-citizens. Lave now
been joined to another .governmeut ; and aU
though, as you ail know, I regretted to go ou
of the former 'government, and was" one of
the last to lay it dowii, and did lay it down
with the samo mournful teeliogs with which
I followed my, dear father to tho grave. I
never expected, and do uot now expect to see
it resurrected again. ..
.. Our Convention, composed of delegntes
fresh from tue people, by the most solemn ties
that can bind an honorable people to a cause,
have pledged their all to its support. May
Qod aid 6s in. the fulfillment of this obliga
.tioniu the future as in the past to the letter.
The i act was a deliberate expressinn of public
. sentiment, though it may have been wrong.-
The government we select oil is ours, as much
Sis our children. The spirit of patriotism
is akin to the love. of our offspring which
, God has implanted in us the highest, holiest
seutimeut of humanity. A man should love
his home if for nothing else but because it is
his and shelters him ; be should love his wife
if for no other reason than , because she is his
wife; he should love his State because it is
his, a part as it were, of Ins being'; 4ke should
love his country, right or wrong, wheu in
the midsof clashing events, he cannot take
time to examine all aspects of the question,
because in its destiny are involved tne wel-
tare ot State, QpaitMUtiitye home, wife, chil.
dren, selt Jiut if you have no other reason
, to give for defending it, ay you do so beoav.se
it is y&tr country. . , "', '.,-
Now, gentlemen, I desire to present yon all
the various aspects oi this question. You
have placed me iu a position which enables
me to gather from sources of. information
beyoud ihn reach , of the public gene
rally, facts which are- necessary to a solu
tion of difficulties and promblems which agi
tate j'our minds ; ami if you will only have,
charity enough, to believe that 1 am. honst m
what I say, possibly you may, on retiring, be
able to quote he passage of scripturo:' ' it
was good for me to be here.."
Now what is it you desiro abovo ' all other
present earthly good? Voices ("peace,"
"peace, " we all want peace.") 1 know
,you do. Everybody wants peace. "Poace,
blessed peace I Why, the man who d'es not,
desire peace is unworthy of existence. Peace: It
one of the highest and holiest attribute of
Deity, so much.so, that ous blessed Savour
Jesus Christ, was called the Prince of Peace.
The great Apostle' Paul said of the highest,
character of peace, the peace of God, that ' it
passeth all understanding." Now if you really
want peace, this great blessing to repose upon
ourJileeding country, your sons to icturu tron:
the V'Atlle field and tak3 'their position again
in the taiiniy circle, commerce and agriculture
to ie.su. ne ttnir beneficent sway, cue sword
beaten into tho plowshare and industry again
to stretch her maie wand over trie war-beatcii
'fields till tin-y lIo.nii as a garden, I suppose,
a r..asonabfe muu, you arc willing to tako the
best plan ' to obstuii this coiiMiniliiatiou so
devoutly 'Wished. Which in riii: best plan ?
. ,a Convention is proposed by'' some. I have
no denunciation to make of those who re uiov
ing thin queatiuu. They arc as ouud men, no
duubt, n I a-n. in ynt are, as anybody ; they
are my friends, but I think it i wroug. Snp
p.tse yuu cali Coiiveutiou, wituout any design
it shall put the Statu out of the Confederacy.
You mereiy c dl ,it with the hope that it may lw
able to inae some proposition for peace, or
accomplish sme result iu; the direction of
peace, ttiat the Legislature or the Executive are'
unable to bring about. . Suppose you-call a Coo- -vnton
for this purpose. You elect your dele
gates, and the 'first thing they do on taking
their seats is to swear, on 'the Holy tSvanguliats,
to support the Constitution of the Confederacy.
Now, having done that, we take it for granted
" that they, as honorable men, will keep that oath.
What does that Constitution say ? Why, in nr.
tiel" 1, 'section V, it reads r.s follows : 44 No
State shall enter into any treaty, nUimce or
confederation." And in article 2, section 11,
it says : 44 The President shall have power by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
to make trea ies, provided1 two-thirds of the'
Senate concur." Now you see that the Consti
stitutioii your delegates havo sworn to support,
expressly provides that tne power to declare
war and to make pence shall be .vested iu the
President and Senate of th Confederacy ; and
the moment one of your delegates makes a pro
position or pvbtTers a treaty of auy kind to the
enemies of his country, lie is a traitor by the
law and has forsworn himself. (Applause.)
That is so, not because, I say it. hut because it
it is written in the C institution we have all
agreed to support. If yon do not intend to
instruct your delegates to take, your State out
of the Com derscy. you eee, from . this aspect
of the question, your Convention ss tabled can
do nothing more towards realizing the end in
view than your Legislature or your Governor
can accomplish.' It can't turn a wheel.
Weil, suppose you go a little further and
. say you will instruct your delegates t take th
'Statu hut of the Confederacy. -Uvcaii.? when
it is out it is relieved Irom the ohligaVo i of
the Ginstitution and rests upon a separate and
independent basis. Supposing also, that it is
not your dentin toj-in the United States gov
ernment again bnt only to. go, out as an inde-.
t pendent sovereignty, for the purpose of secu-
ring peace to your.-wlf and. possiblv effeoting 1
- tlio same (leMraote nu tor an parne. wen,
' you pass an ordinance of secession take
another doso of this political hoar .hound tea,
' and nothing I know of is more bitter unless it
- in a'boneset deooctiou (Laughter) and st
up for yourselves-. Is that giri? to give yon
)e:ice? JVill that -'restore your amis and
fathers ti their homes? Will that htisb the
cry of the orphan and dry the widow's tears ?
Will that fill your land with plenty and pros
perity ?. So far from it. I can assure you, my
fellow-citizens, it will involve , you in; a , new
war, a bloodier conflict .than 'that yon now de
pUuv. " But,", yoit may ay,4' Mr. Dav and
his government will not dare to make war on
a seceding State, lecause the rigbt of nccession
a reco3piir.fd in tlie Cnstitntioa of the Con
ferleracy. So it is, my frienW ; but see, by that
time you have thrown off that Gntditutioti,
yon have gotten, from' under its obligatkms md
.. iworu yea wui!d have nothing to do with it.
D you expect the Cbnfederary to be.bound
' bv a document yoo refuse to recognizv as af
fecting yourselves ? So soon as you announce I
to the orm. you are a. sovereign anu muo
pendtt nation, as a matter of coarse the Con
federrcy has the right of declaring war against
you, for sufficient cans, equally, with the
right, she holds of declaring war against Bng-
land, France sr Holland. This right is in
:harfntinall wrerj?amtie. - -.
i Bat what would Uncle Abraham, lay toit
that old gentleman whose perwinal pnlchritnde
has beo the subjret of so mitth remark f .
f lytaghtVr.) and who they say, can sell mora
earn, i swow ; Dot. yer aon r mean to go tor
to say yer ain t in the Union agin, and uuder
the protection of the best .goverproent the
world erer saw? B-nnun yer too long to
let you sneak oat that wy.". ; (Contfbned.1
laughter and appUuse.r -
Why of course' i t. iush a oroceeiline on tbe
.' lT..Lii . ' i.
part oi ivorui uiniina woutu securswier inue
pendence, it would only be necesssrr for one
L'.i - . a .-. l tm -1
nisie to seceue sc a lime, got nerseii acanow
leged, aud after all went out, tnm round and
form spch a Confederacy as best pleased them.
Old Ahrabam'is-fighting, us not because we
are a part of tbe Southern Cnjederacr, but
because we, are ia rebelKon.fo the Old TTnion I
sod so kwjr as we refuse obedience to him be I
win oununtie to ficht us. i be idea that I
a a . . . I
Ltnoolnld recngniie us or abate his claim
to allask I and obedience, is pre post erona.
Well, womm! tbe Soathern ConfcUsraov reoos
uize your, isependerce and make a treaty of
peace with you ? .- This. is sntifelf owlaji to
contingencies. , Xfyoii went outof UieUmled
eracy and declared yourself .ndependeni. you
would have to announce and enforce yuar po
aitioo of iteutsaSity whh referrnce to tbe other
beHirereats. r ihsrs' would he occasion : fur
war. .How could you preserve vour aaartraH'
ty wben ones aunoauced ? The only railroad
ootntnnnicauen between the armleerf Gen.
Lee and of Gen. Johnston, between Virginia
and the remainder of the Coafederaer, k
through North Carolina. You do not sup
pose we could, as a neutral State, permit 'the
Government at Richmond to comurtmicate
acrom our territory with its Southwestern
armies. Gen. Lee sends some of his -veterans
down here, takes possession of the railroads
tho arteries of the Coofedcracy-aod ffogs
anybody who interferes with him and so
you have two war J inhtead of one ! There is
another consideration involved: a great por
tion of the provisions that feed Gen. Lee's
army are obtained in .North Csrr.lim. . Asa
neutral State she could not sell them, and be
vrouM be forced to have them, it is not diffi
cult to foresee how epeedily North .Carolina
would become the seat of wsr. Moreover hu
troops would say : these fellows bare basely
abandoned ns, Jeft us to our fate, and don't
deserve our mercy. Old Abe would send his
troops here slso, because we would uo longer
bo neutrtl, and so, if you will iMtrdon the ex
pression, wc would catch the devil op all sides.
buprxwe yoor statfl shnuM to-rnorrmv, se
cetlefrm the Confederacy, what wouki be
come of your soldiers in the army ? - ome
would runaway and come home, po doubt; hut
tho mam of them who have .'followed that old
b tttle flag throii2h smolce and'fiw- into tin
presence of death, and waved it bloody folds
tipon the- heights of m hundred fields of tt i-
ntnnn, amin tno cheers of victory that thrill
an applauding world, do you suppose thtt
thoy would trample it tinder foot and crawl
upon their follies and eat dirt in th t sort of
style? (Great applause.) Who, then 'would
yu have to defend , North Cnroliua? A few
old men nd some militia officers.
, .Suppose, as.t,he last alterna'Jvo for obtain-
mg peace, vonr "Jonvention shouia taxe the
State out of the Confederacy atid put it ' inf
the arms of Lincoln, .lust s Htnin as you en .
tered into the old Union nod swore to suppor
that 'ynvernrh'nt, yA so soon Wtmld yon
lisivc impod on y.ou your share in the debt,
tnxesj, and burthens of the U. S'a f. lnatVad
of tho Confederate tax collector cunrng
around to gather up the Confederate otirrency,
(r which it .must be contested tbert is no
the. land) th.Fdenl agent come
atuong'you demanding green backs and gold
to assist in carrying on tho war. Instead ot
getting your roas baek to the plow and fire
side, they would b drafted and . sent into the'
service or Uncle Sam, to fight aloug'sido of
his negro troops in extertniniui th white
nifit. wotnen ana children '4 the South. Is
th v anythins? vey desirable aenut such a
p a i f. r, tl at 1 Fxtend you r su p positions in
to th d iuain tf absnrdit-v, nnd conceive of L
the X'it,h Car-iii na ?oldiers hasMy' dcsertiiig
their copirades in arms, in obedieiwe to the
prx.-lamation-of your Gjvernpr. Why, gen
tlemen, they would not come, turn iu pence
to you. They would h ive 't fight with
1 heir new' friends.and aoull-just cross Imui
tin? S tithe rn to .the -Northern" ide of the
liappahannock. and their r'fles would be
p iuttl :if. tbo bosoms of the brave men who
have fought by. thni r'.sldcs throujli the fierce
tire of a hrce years Avar. Would that gtv
you peace I ....
To think of these glorious North Carolina
re.'siniits you have seen- them in the first
Ihish of martial eiithusiasin ; yon know them
n nv .unflinchWg, thougb sustained but by
honor and duty ; many of trWm filkd with your
mou'4 -the regiments that have followed the
feo-ithern :r..v over soroiuiy fields, already
madn clasi-ic by their progress, astonishing
the world and raising the natiooa on tipjtie in
Imirari-m of their heroic achievements ; shall
they be asked to fraternize with tbe miserable
scoundrels who bave slaughtered our people,
ii-vactated our homes, and even inflicted the
crowning outrage which demons from hell
pill at, on oiir m. tiers and sisters; shall
thr be'askfd to, j en 'hemi wretches in deso
lating th homeof the very nieir by whose
nides they have so rung Miht and suffered ?
I know you would not think of tlie propo.d.
tion. I think I can nssum yon Mt-dsy, with
ail candor and honesty as a dying man to
dying men, in the presence of God, that sny
'g of this kind yoo take will only involve
you in a deeper awl hi odier war. . The calam
ities ol waraftjet our people to a terrible de
cree ; streams of tears are running down the
checks of many a pool wrUnan ; cries for
bread come from many a suffering child
Hut let us trust that the. God of battles, who
gave to onr ancekturs through seven long years
a clond by day and a pillar of fire by night,
will yet lead us into the land where grows the
fruitage of liberty, richer than th clusters of
B'scfi-tl. and thr ikJi which flow' the milk
and honey of independence and nationality .
(Appl-Mise.)
. i havt not, fellow-citizens, enumerated all the
conseqoencea which Would follow inconsiderate
action on roar part. What oald become of
the currency .should you' abandon the Southern
Confederacy ? It is bad enoujrh alrcadv, hat avery
hank ia the 8tte Is tilled with it, and wou'd be
broken and worthlew to-norror, la ruch aaevant.
Widowr, aoldier faadHe and orphan children,
bave no other kind. -Commercial and financial
ruia, compared to which the present suffering on
account of the drprrcitiou of tbe currency would
be imsiniflcahce itself, would 'overwhelm you.
What woald become tf the gallant-soldiers who
have ben SMaimed and mutilated in the service
these one-legyed and one-armed boys incapacitated
for labor ? Having once aubiaitted oure!ves to
the enemy, yo inibt we one of the come ap,
bis cheeks wan with sufferiug. his raga flattering
in tho breexe.hia wasted form supported on crutch
es, and ak tbe (rovernment for support. Thatc-'
ply would be: "eu infaiooea rebel, have you
the hnpudenee to ask support from a government
yo have been fighting, to destroy? No. You
nui pcev no ucmoi, wuwu win iae mm ueavur u
we can year little pptatoe patch to peaaiba the
man was saaimea vou lor lire, desotatea yoar. j
home, burned your aouje.iaauited roar mother."
Could vou eadnre such a spectacle ?
': Let-ua not cease to remember that we all eon
sented to this war. Old lAam Whigs as well as
pacewioolsU.' We consented after it appeared
ineviuble, nd we matt all stand ap to ievery
u.an, woman and child throughout, tka leaeth and
breadth of tbe Southern Coalederscy. TVs mast
forget, If possible, for a while, tbe cause that led
originally to this rapture, and each) seaa take apoe
hla ahoalders the full ineasdrs ef bardea and r
spoasibllity regardless of eoaseeoeaees. (Ap
fuauae.) ' ., . - -, ;'.,
Bat auMose, feUear-citiseas, we ee3 forest all
these eoeslderatloiis of aeaer, fiery, eeoeaey
and roaolve that we would: see what terms we
eeeldret from the United 8tates. TThat does
the enemy oCeryemf ' Twi arewaU aware that
waea a maa sets eat to make a Oaraaia, he
yvery laiagjaitw auunasafae poaaKMy east;
present tiseaoeV 1 tbe best aoseisls IbrhU i
nrs the wott lastrine tbian te 1a4asek vea t
.aeseht Ul C. Veil, tae aasss ptiier uerta
,:c9fpayi wEea wmf mrrMtQ9 er
1
L
it
f Heaven, can tell
J on mors than-ke agreed toT- (fr
ifflculty U to make kia staci r? Ul
(Voicea " that's so,") ' ",J
Now what does Mr. Liaeou prec
0
of Hortb Carolina t la what lscr
etothe hu gracioas terms of panmt c
He mjr, if one-tesU of the peeps c
T H
will take aa oath to si
stitation? Nai
it, take a ci U se tiaj
iluhiag ahtwrv
laves of year' 6Ute t! kxwK
deaaation abol
iaciUng the slaves of year- &x y
home and murdtr yo and year t'mXxi Uj
swore to support
PyOe yonrsalf,
Constitution, aa
periredhimlf.
amssasB f bssttist w x.
:zr .r:.Aki. t;Mi
MaBCid 1 Brv th AlrtnamlWOrtfl .9eSl MUll T
lor U1S11 uecv5iiaH ,if m?- vs
Toa weVU kaowrf Cli Abe biUH'v? !
and he wfcWU ratjtain tw, ;;j,r-. , ;
if vUlalav. Wot oily cast you .j . ?
also taks an oath te support aU t :'J of Coi - . t ,
greas whleh hava been passed, sbc - " leaver? ; y
oeanacauag your
noa u
tins your
fieer from ColoW an
t 'XT hem th United Sutas
cola was eaued apca, ay tae rxr
rebels ef the &ontaa-e4vw j t-J -aatastlfl
ooasideraUea, amid aU t peace maraaf tu
bmim element in ihn NortS. ia aadaut Coa
' grass; th beat proposition tiet opr'J be eOrrd,
was to support one-teata mi lat.vmsmawr
auaity who would swear to . aastat la the eamftauA
tlin at" the nronertv of the remaiLit t'n tenths.
set free their negroes sad aaaj every sua wlQ
er tae eommciuy xzj psbiiu . t
alorioes tULtsi srciy t
- - T I- k - .
erj iasawlici. . '
aeertx!ari.k,
t to nlaoo In
m.u.'.ai,UB-. A:
bravery has elevate aua . aaovf
everv man whom roa bave seen
i lrll olXa deliver no to the aa?t
rMtrainad Can at a huan deeSc BOW. ia tbafbc i of
oar iuimeass ariaiei, and checked by fear of ret. La
tloa, ho maul ty Is livid with horror, tbeclorkag
heroes whom our ansa, bave followed threagh n,
maay trying accaea, and who. hav made for use
record of f lory,' aa reiplendeat as ' htatory am
ple page rich with sports ef thus" has ever
enrolled. .( Prolonged appltss.) '
Let ne maa lay thU Is a fcacy sketeb. Do ti"t
say old Abe is JoM"? I be wUl eertajalr io
be-tter thta that. I pledge, ea say extetmuj be
would not do half so well. De yoa act see how
artful he la even waile eftHa as so UtUe T IU .
wasu to breed thtt vtj atrlt war arMea I-htrto-day
to warn roa agalatt. lie wtatat. ct
up a government withia the gvwerasscat of KortU
Caroliaa, eompoaed of ooe4eatbof bar aepalatin
Onr voting populatka U aboat ecsbaadred tbouc
and. They want to tet ae a- gerstaaasat ef ten
thoaaand perjured aooandrels who are aawet thy
to lick the dust off the feet of tbe soereat soldier
la ear army j and to lapport It wltb tbs bayonet ,
and tc set the people to alaugbterlng each othv4.
Yoa aro not fool enough to fall late that trap.
Yoa do not need any warning apoa that sebj.-ct,
although I have given it. J t 0
What Li to become of your negroes? There were .
four millions of them in the Southern Coafeder-aiy
at thecommenccmcnt of the war.' They are all Ij
be turned loose upon ua if we onoaeat to tbe only
term a .Mr. Lincoln nft'era as. Tbeyeaaaot g to '
the North, t woald almost.be willing to -nd'
them .to Maasachuetta. Laughter. f I think
they wonldelevatvthe tons of Its.soeiety very
much. (Laeghter.) Indeed I think every dark r '
sent from thbi coantry for robbjbg heerrooatf and -stealing
hogs would Be miMkmary te that Ue
Jiraved and God-forsaken coantry. f Coatiijnrtd
augbter. But they would not reeeive taea ir
they aro ao determinod on abutting oat aayt.dug- .
which might inipTove their moral condition and
thercbr diaturb their windllng "calealatUM ,"
they have, in common with every Xertaera at4, ;'
paned lawa prohibiting free negroes from settling
within ihelr limiU Let n see what woal l be
doom with these millions of blaaks, at alreadv iadi- ,
cated by tbo acts ef the enemy ) and I. will only
cite yvu to one case of which there are kaaditvli' of
ill tutrntiona aJl pointing to the same drladCiu in
sult. In the little village of Beaafert. H'outh
Carolina, situated ia tbe sea island cottoad-U' iw, '
from which the inhabitants were expelled, Uie ,
laud has been recently lajd off into lota of twou.y
acres, and put ttp fof sal. I read the aeeoiiui 'f .
the aaloa aa pabluhed in tbe FhiladelpaUEaouii er.
The corretpdhdent sa vs t
The sale commenfed on Tuesday sad Ui's fa ir
to extend to the apace cf several days to couie. ,
The South Carolina colored maa stands a far bet
ter chance than the Wealthy Wail street nun. .
The interest exhibited by. tho colored maa in the
Mies makes them, extteinely enlivening, sad pro
duces men a competition in tne mooing ins me
ul our Northern auctioneer, who pride tbeewlvcs
on collcctrag crowds and then exciting' (hem,
would be half induced to close their estabush m r. it
could they witness one of these land sa.c at . -Ueaufort.
-
' Notwithstanding the indaeements offered to the ',
white Uoops, the colored men are the print Ipal ' ,
buyer. In fact; they hare the reputation of car-;
rying more money in their pocketa than the w hits
9 nien can oajily count the hours given to tlx ti-k
not meutioneil. It i aid by some that B 4i' il
Is destined t'l becomo a second Jamaica. No '
can deny that the indications" point to tbv iulvl
mentoJ the prophecy. Tot colored men hate
been for aorae time, erenive owners ef property
in the place, and it la believea tne result or. th ,
sales in pregrrse- witi f iv meal stoat tb cufijtt .
posseKdonof it. 1hu wid certalaly eheageftus
complexion eft bat ones delightful lainas au-ring
place. Tbe houses, as a fenerat talac, bring
more tnan toeir asMeneu vatue. vee amuei
valued at aetvn hmndred aCd fifty dollars. as
knocki-d off at sine hundred aad Cfty dollars: '
another, value I at ent tauasaad sktlara, weatf
twelve hundred dollars."
Your lands confiscated and sold te yoor
sbtveel ' V
Now you see what U in store for yoa. This It
but the beginning ofwbatwoeta betbesa 't
they do Ihia in the green tree, what will they cV
ia the dry? If they do this at tbe very stogie! '
tbey have the impudeaee to protTar yea teraff
, peace, what will they sot do when oar vast ar-ul
are dubaaded, when the battle-flag is laid low i
the dust, and the gullsnt men who aevefor'tbirs
. years 8 cod as a wall of fire between yoa McM t
traction, no longer prkidieaflv send a tbrllriif '
guilty awe through tnetaemy who Jjettts fur tbeif
avenging tread nrros bia flel'da, bat terlt away,
before the unimpeded rush ef tbe greefy etSKraer
ersT ' . ... '" .'' '
I tell you, my fellow-Wens, if we oacli consent
to this thing, we would deserve the CS of dogs f
bat we woald not Ret erea that, fortWi are al
lowed to sleep under their master's Coeraml i-i
eat tbe crumb that fall from their matter's Uble. .
(Cheers.) You weald fft nothing. (JL jtfr.
4kicka.") Yea, you would get kicks, W unlit
yoa would wish vou bid died a sata rcJier f baa
live a dog. .(Appl.e.M .v.;:"
I there an m" w aafia as to
tk. rmssibla way to aaf9 LU'r-e-
mmntltMl
sfbly tbe lunatic', who prciisosea to Mren.iaa
K!onnt toa fjr l Hr V IIa .
ter. What wuuld you thisimtitfpU.rd, v
trying oft a;ta Bterr :W J
bia little flock -n4tM &JJ5,v iCm
coated by a big bfingtrw.2pn- tlaa
teuce and licking bis W. "tO rile dear
fellow., Kp Lome out of tb old sua de lei roa, ' '
take care of yonr floct I $m spetbily or-
dained for this particular burinees, (and alth;.'
'Us saidu great tnasybtr died tay hMi ds
within the hit year or twoj I will s ilat ,
nothing hurts to;-1 lJ0
tbe lioSoV If a oir I ibould Uie von for -atery
poor slicpberd if you c2Ui'.yt-
propertv to lu- eCV,u"ft
fnd applause.1 l dniit Itto cfaM. brt .
there1 are'sine thing l ofWk:';"
old follnw in a certain part
ft.iw : . certain part oi toertaie,
is not necessary i J
throo 'h whose fr
running a line,
rat wc- t to tne
Ua went "V, ct
.where tbey wci
and kicked u
,IM
No such N a
"U
I'vlt
It-
ile'
wire? fVou can,
explain U'pnV
Yon itajr bC
butrilbeoWl
lUnKbter.)c
Abe is
. may grtotur WC
a region of t$tZ
believe . thr. xr..
necroca, i .TCbcrt
There .balY j
i7. it
A to
'.
ivr ' ibs w j
2it - fav-.,.-jr-
11
ted State, and place vnem uiw aia..
proleetien of Mr. Uocraat -WJJa A .
ridiculous proposiiioo not wHnn p
erof bar Imsffinah t ctPl V"8- " '.
ma premises.: l w KfrCTt V
what are yoa L a pot H?!-!,:
-he. 44 To . tranaC .TV i;
4di .
U1 'fr-v .'.
'i':- "
; ,,
'-. ".
Vf-' If.
' tv'
V
I
I
lies,; 'k .
hr..
J)