t
M
$
THE CONFEDERATE.
VKNKS1!.VY. May (8, ISOt.
From the Ilicbmoud Examiner of Monday.
THE GBEAT BATTLE fi.N THE RAD1D ANN
77; ESEHY REPULhLJJ Ji ,irui.io .
AND IN RETREAT OX riUIEUICKs.Bi:RO.
Official Dispatches from Gen. Lee
i
The Enemy on the Houth aide Jteptited and Vriteu
Back to their Gunboatt.
li;Ti:iiSIiL'liG RAILROAD SAFE.
Another Yankee Gunboat Blovn up.
Up to tin hvur of going to press with our
Satur lay morning's paper, nothing was known
of the result of the battla of Friday, and hence
the public mind was left, for the time, in a
most painful suqen.-p. But this anxiety was
relieved early Saturday morning by the fol
lowing official dipvtch from General Lee,
announcing th it our army had repulsed the
feiiemy at every point, and driven him t) the
cover of his entrenchments.
'IIkaio'ds Army Northern Va.,
May C, 18G4.
"7' the Stercl'irii of War:
Lurly this morning as tho divisions of
Genenl Hill, engaud yesterday, were being
relieved, the cnmy advanced and created
"The ground lost wis recovered as soon a
the fresh troops got into position, and the ene
my driven back to his original line.
'"AHerwards we turned the left of his fresh
line and drove it from the field, leaving a
large number of dead arid wounded in our
hands, among then Gen. Wadsworth.
A subsequent attack forced th enemy into
his entrenched lines on the Brook road, ex
tending from Wilderness tavern on the right
to Tnug's mill.
"Erery advance om his part, thanks to a
merciful (.I 'd, haslcfn rej vlsed.
'Our lo:s in killed i not large, but we have
many wounded, most of them slightly, artillery
belie, little used on either side. '
"I grieve to announce that Lieut. -General
Ionuslreet was severely wounded and Gn.
Jenkins killed. Gen. Pegrani was badly
wounded yesterd ly. Gen. Stafford, it is hoped,
will recover. R. E- Lee "
Here the public mind rested easy, so far as
the fate of our army on the Rapid Ann was
concerned, and all anxiety was transferred to
the operations on the south side, in the James
tide.
HUMORS AND EXCITEMENT ON SATURDAY.
Early Saturday mortiing all sorts of rumors
wen- flying through the city of the enemy in
Jamis river. It was reported that a battle
w.n g 'ing en along the line of the Petersburg
railroad, and that thy enemy was threatening
a general advance from the river. About lour
o'clock the rumor was ulso started that the
VankeM were advancing up toe Peninsula,
nml 'fiat a considerable- forof of them had
been seen in the vicinity of Mechaniesville,
some five or six miles of the city. Immedi
ately the alarm bell was mug, and there was
a gencr.-;! rush to arms. In a .short, while the
steoud class mil.'ia, armed and equipped,
marched out t m t toe eu-my, but after
proceeding to the northeastern outskirts of
the city, they were ordered back and dispersed
t r tiie night, information having been re
ceived that there were no Yankees about Me
chanicsville, and that if ihey had been there,
they had retired. In the meanwhile a new
excitement sprung up from the rumors that
the Yankees wore advancing from Putt Wal
thall, and that a desperate battle was going on.
A BATTLE NEAR PURT WAI.THAX.l..
It will be recollected that it was announced
in Saturday's paper that skirmishing had com
menced between our forces aud the enemy iu
the vicinity of Port Walthall on Friday night.
From this the rumour was started on Saturday
that a battle was being fought, aud iu this iu
stance, an exception to the general rule, the
rum.'Ur was correct. It appears that, on Fri
day evening, the enemy commenced to advance
from Port Walthall against Port Walthall junc
tion, the point wUere the branch meets the
main stem of the Petersburg railroad a dis
tance of some three miles. There was gome
slurp skirmishing in which the enemy was re
pulsed with a los of a hundred and fifty in
killed and wounded. Ou Saturday the enemy,
atter hciug reinforced, renewed his attempt to
a!v:wice. und about twelve o'clock, after some
sharp r-kiniiishing along tho lines, & battle was
j v.ne i ny tho opposing foices, and continned
with treat Jury for some four or five hours.
The uemy fought with great stubbornness, and
ebjw'-d a re.-oiute purpose to reach the rail
ro vi. Our forces, under command of General
La-':.! ,1 Johnson, resisted their advauce most
K'i'.I u.tly, aud'about six o'clock, after a spirited
eng i me at, drove back their iufantry. The
art: 11 :-y continued to fire slowly, but the enemy
in a U- n attempt to recover the ground'they
hal 1 t. During the niht: for prudeutial
roasoi.s Pienerai Uu-hrod Johnson fell back
upon Switt creek LriJge, a moot important
structure on the railroad, a mile and a half
from Petersburg, and about the same distance
from Port Walthall juuetion, agaiust which it
is well known that this advance of the enemy
is directed.
The enenn's strength was not known, but the
Wt informed sources estimate it at not less
than ien thousand. Tne prisoners taken re
port that this whole movement up the James
river is under the direction of General Butler,
and that he accompanies the expedition in
person.
Our forces in this fight, as we have before
sail, were under the immediate comrjaand
cf General Bush.ro 1 Johnson, and the credit for
the vigourous energy with which the military
movements south of the James river have been
directed belongs mainly to Major-General Ran
som, who is in command of this department,
which also embraces the noiutf alone the Pe
tersburg railroad threatened by the enemy.
CAI TLEE or ONEOl TUE ENEM Y'SGUNBOATSIN THB
JAMES IUYEB.
Daring th afternoon of Saturday the agree
able news came that we had captured one of
Jhe euemy's gunboats in the James river, but
being pursued by the enemy's ironclads, our
pen had been compelled to blow her up. On
uiry at headquarters, we were obligingly
jurni-hiog with the following official dispatch
Iro:ii the officer commanding at Chafin's Bluff
"Lhafin Bluff, May 7.
'-V.ior T. O. Chesnry, A. A. G., yr.
"1 have the honour to report that Major
neral Stark has just dispatched to me that
cf the enemy's gunboats was attacked and
gabled, and then boarded and burned by our
ar 11 wo ,ro"clads bore down on our forces,
Mhey returned. No particulars given. No
honour tide. -
fcV "'Patcb. confirming the above, stated
' Lai. We had taken twentJ 8 prisoners.
account! giT Us ome particulars of
the epture of this gunboat. Soon after hear
ing of the eneqa's fleet ascending the James
river, an expedition, consisting of two com- ;
panics of the Ciy Battalion, under Lieutenant-
Colonel Elliot, and some artillery, in command j
of Major Stark, was sent down the river by;
General Hunton to see what they could do in j
the way of harra&singand disabling the enemy's j
gunboats. After proceeding down the river !
Borne distance, somewhere iu the vicinity of j
Curl's neck, some eight or ten miles below
ChafiVs farm, they saw this Yankee gunboat,
and our artillery opened fire on her with euch
remarkable accuracy aDtl effect ft at she was
soon disabled. Our infantry acted as sharp
shooters, and as a Yankee head appeared on
board they would let him have it. They con
tinued to pour their fire into her with snch ter
rific rapidity and effect that she struck her col
ours ! A party was then sent to board and take
possession of her, which was quickly done ;
but two ironclads, which had been shelling our
men on the river bank in the meantime, seeing
this movement, began to bear down on her.
8eeing no hope of saving her the order was
given to fire her, and the men aboard were
made prisoners and taken ashore. In a short
while she wa3 blown up, and was left a perfect
wreck under the very eyes of the Yankees.
On going aboard of her our men found five
dead Yankees, killed by our fire from the
shore. The officers and crew, excepting one or
two who may have escaped in the confusion
of the movement, were made prisoners our
men capturing five officers, twenty-two sea
men, and one negro. The prisoners arrived
in the city yesterday. The gunboat was
named the "Shas'ieen."
A gentleman who has been furnished with
a full account of the atlair gives us the fol
lowing interesting particulars : On Saturday
about 11 o'clock, the Yankee gunboat "Sha
sheen" anchored off Turkey island. Maj ;r.
A.W.Starke, unobserved by the gunboat,
placed his anillery in position and opened a
fire, when she surrendered in twenty minutes.
After takiua off fhe prisoners, twenty-seven
in number, the loat was boarded and burned.
The-gunboats above, hs.r'ng of this attack,
hd mediately started to her relief. Before
they could eet out our men had destroyed her
aud moved their pieces and themselves out of
range.
The captain was shot by one of our sharp
shotcrs, and leaped overboard and was drown
ed. A lieutenant was taken among the4
twenty-seven prisoners. When questioned
by some of our men as to the number of men
who hul landed at Bermuda Hundreds, he
stattd seventy thousand. .-Doubt 1 ebS t . is
veracious Y inkec made toe slight mistake of a
cypher. This gunboat was the sr.ine which
had an hour before anchored opposite Barnes',
and disembark d a party which burned Mr.
Tavlor Barnes' corn crib, with a considerable
quantity of corn and other houses.
They then went about, reported the magni
ficent fact to the commanding General, and
were doubtless ordered to Turkey island t do
the same. But Major Siarko hail a justrret
rii)Ution.in store for these thieves and nicen
diaries. .
We understand that a detachment of the
City Battalion rendered most efficient serv
as sharpshooters anil supporters to the b ittory
SUNDAY MORNING LATER NEWS FROM OUR
A KM Y IN NORTHERN VIRGINIA THE BAT
TLE OF FRIDAY A COMPLETE VICTORY.
As Sunday morning came in, the anxiety
for news from our armies became greater.
it would seem that the dispatch above from
General Lee, received on Saturday morning,
would have been enough to assure ail that our
army on the Raj.idan bad .ton a victory in
the battle of Friday yet there were some
who did not think it decisive, and feared that,
it might be -followed perhaps by some bad
news. So much had beu said of the great
and irresistible strength of Grant's army,
and the North had eutered into this campaign
with such formidable preparations, that it was
hard tr realize that GrStit had been- whipped.
But it was so. About nine o'clock when
all were ou the tiptoe of expectation the
following official d spatch from Gen. Lee
was given out by the VVar Department, and
in a few minutes was posted on the bulletin
boards iu front of the several newspaper offi
ces :
I 'IIeadq k Army Northern Virotvia,
"May 7, 1864, 8, P. M. j
" Uonorabl-e Secretary of War:
"General Gordon turned the enemy's ex
treme right yesterday evening, and drove him
from Us rifle pits. Among the prisoners
captured are Geuerals Seymour an I Shaler . .
"A number of arms, were alto taken.
The enemy has abandoned the Germanna
ford road, aud removed his pontoon bridge
towards Ely's.
There has been no attack to-d ay -only
slight skirmishing along the line.
('Sigued) R. E. LEE.
IIOW TUii NEWS WAS RECEIVED bUNDAT IN
RICHMOND.
As the morning" advanced the good news
from our armies spread rapidly. In a short
while it was noised all through liicb'mond.
Soon after breakfast hour all began to wend
their wav down into trie city "to hear the
news.' The War Department was soon be
sieged by an anxiou crowd, and HttTe knots
gathered around the p.sage way tos catch
whatever they could. Ii was nut long before
it was given out that Grant was whipped out
of his boots. This was quickly followed by
the news that we had repulsed the enemy
about Port Walthall; and then there was th
dispatch saying that. Yaukee General Steele
was surrounded bv Price, and that his armv
was about to capitulate; that Bai.ks was fall
ing back on Alexandria, and that all the Yan
kee movements in the Trans-Mississippi "had
come to grief. Victory everywhere ! ' There
wasa universal rejoicing, and every counten
ance seemed to speak j-y and exultation. All
sorts of remarks and speculations were indulg
ed in. I would lik to know," says one,
what gold jumps to in New York to-morrow."
"I will bet it will be over two hundred," says
another. From another corner comes, 'A
hundred dollars for Lincoln's best joke on the
repulse of Grant' VVell, boys," remarks a
droll looking old countryman who bad been
standing like a statue drinking in the news
very attentively, "the d d Yankees are
whippedjand we shall have pace soon. The
North is- played out.'' And thus the good
humour was kept up until the alarm bell sum -moned
to arms not to fight, but only "to be
ready in case of an emergency."
Oq the turning out of the militia, General
Sujith and staff rode gallantly at the head of
them, and their presence seemed to inspire the
men with great spirit and enthusiasm. About
nightfall the militia returnedand were dis
persed for the night.
RECONN0ISSANCE OVER THE PETERSBURG RAIL
ROAD A YANKEE DESERTER COMING INTO
OUR LINES WHAT HE SAYS.
A special train, with the superintendent a
board, started out yesterday over the Peters
burg railroad, for the purpose of examining, ag
far as possible, the copdition of the track.
The train proceeded to within three quarters
of a mileof Port Walthall, and found the road
to that point, up to ten o'clock yesterday, in
perfect order, with the exception of a tingle
rail, which had been prized by a piece of rail
road iron inserted beneath. In tMw-ty the
t) own lit eel
nr from its position, and
si.gnr
ivs it appears, would
have been enough to throa train of cars off
tiie track going at ordinary speed, Tor whfch
purpose it waa ilonbtless desiged. While ad
justing the rail, the oflicere heavd several low,
hushed voices in a cluster of busHes-on an emir
nence nearby, which proceeded, it was thought,
from a party of Yankees ont reconnoitring-
for hail they been our men, it is prnb-ibls they
would tmve come forward aud spoken to- the
rnefrtftrtfce train.
On IfMUrain arriving at Chester they formd
a Yankee deserter, who had coin jo our Hues
and given himself pp. He was brought over
and handed to the prison auth-Tiie. Th's de
serter reports the force of the Yankee ary
from thirty to four thousand, aud says thaw
their plan of operations is to tear up the rail-
mrg. He say
Butler commands in person, and that General
Gilmore ?& also along with rhe greater portion
of hU forces -from before Charleston, having
left Charleston himself and withdrawn as
much of the force there as conld be spared, for
the purpose of co-operating in this movement.
Be says that Gil more's force comprise the
Tenth and a portion of the Eighteenth army
corps, aud sailed from Charleston about ten
days ago, rendeavousing at Gloucester Point,
. before setting sail up the river. He says that
six regiments of negro troops accompany this
expedition, and. that their forces are scattered
all through the narrow strip of land between
4 he Appomattox and the James Itiver, from
Jerrnuda Hundreds to Port Walthall. He
reports that General Butler rod through his
troops on Friday, and was cheered lustily by
the men. He says that their loss in the battle
of Saturday, near Port Walthall, was one
thousand in killed, wounded and missiug, and
that he heard their officers so estimate it. He
explains this great loss by alleging that the
Ya-ikees were ambushed by our men and fired
upon with most terrible-slaugliter or, as he
expresses it, 'they got a volley before they
knew it." He reports great demoralization in
Butler's army, and expressed a great surprise
on seeing our soldiers, saying they were so
much more enthusiastic than the Federals."
He says the Yankees had heard nothing of
Grant's repulse, aud that the first intimation
he got of it was on getting into our lines.
This Yankee deserter relates his story with
an air of great plausibility and frankness. He
says that at the time of his derting he was on
the reserve picket, and that going over to the
houPe of Mrs. Howell, on the excuse of "get
ting some water," he took advantage to give
the Yankees the slip, immediately passed over
to the plank road and made tracks for Chester,
where he was taken up. He gives his name
as David Kiuscla, Fourth New Hampshire
regiment.
The superintendent, from bis observations,
thinks that the. road is in no imminent dan
ger, and has ordered trains to run as usual
to-day.
LATER FROM GEN. LEE'h ARMY THE ENEMY
RET RE ATI G ON FREDERICKSBURG.
Each successive dispatch from Gen. Lee
grows better. About seven o'clock, thV fol
lowing dispatch was received by the VVar
Department :
"Hiadq'rs Army Northern Va.. '
"May 8, 1864. J
"Hon. Secretary of War.
'The enemy have abandoned their posi
tion, aud are marching towards Fredericks
burg.' I am moving on their right.
("Signed) II. E. Lee."
If Hie enemy has "been forced to desert his
fortifications, it is plain that their whole pro
grame has benn frustrated.
THE LOSSES IN THE BATTLE.
No estimate, for obvious reasons, can now
be made of our loss iu the battles of th Rapid
Ann. Gen. Lee, in his official dispatch, says
that 'tour loss in killed 'is not largo." (little
artillery being used on either side) and that
"many of our men a?e bur slightly wounded."
As far as known, we have lost three briga
diers Gen. J. W Jones, of Virginia, Gen.
Jenkins, of South Can4inaaild Gen. Stafford,
of Louisiana. Several of our prominent offi:
cers are wounded, Gen. Longstreet among
the number. As iu the case Stonewall Jack
son, Generals Lmgstreet and Jenkins were
shot, through mistake, by our men. .
The enemy's loss is very large. All ac
counts say that the carnage was terrible. -The
Yankees f night with more desperation than
ever before during the War. A gentleman
who was in the fio-ht tells us that as the men
approached the forces of A. P. Hill, the Yan
kees cried out, " Come on you d- d rebel?.
We will teach you ho a to fighl. We are
Western men." And here came the fight in
earnest hand to har.d and man to man. But
cur nun proved too much for the Yankees,
and after a desperate struggle such, proba
bly, as was never before known in this war
the Yankees gave way and were soon in full
retreat. Here arose yells from our men which
might bo heard for miles. They had repuls
ed the enemy, and he was in full retreat to
the cover of 1 is fortifications.
Even bv our accuDts, the Yankees have
lost Major-General Wads worth, ot New. York,
killed, ard Major Generals Seymour and Sha
ler captured. Wadsworth was a prominent
citizen of New York, and once ran for the
Mayor of that city, and was subsequently a
candidate for Governor, in opposition to Gov
ernor Seymour. This Seymour is said to-be
the same man Who commanded the expedition
in Florida, and who created such bluster with
his regro troops It is reported also that
Major-General Foster, o North Carolina noto
riety, has been captured. It is plain that the
Yankees have suffered terribly in this bay
tie. and that Graut's army has been badly
worsted. "
REPORTED FIGHT NEAR SPOTSYLVANIA COURT
HOUSE.
It was reported last night that there was a
sharp fight on Saturday near Todd's tavern,
near Spotsylvania Goirt House, between
Greeg's (Yankee) division and two brigades
Of Fitzbugh Lre's cavalry Wickham and
Lomax's The enemy was repulsed alter a
-sharp flght, in which we are reported to have
lost two hundred in killed, wounded and
missing. No estimate ie given of the ene
my's, but it is supposed to be much larger.
The enemy is said to have heen signally
repulsed, and was driven by our men for some
distance. .Tne country in. which the fight is
seported to have occurred, is said to b&fiHed
with a dense" undergrowth, and .."thai hoth(
parties were for the most part dismounted in
the fight. We have do futther particulars than
that the enemy was repulsed and left the field
in full retreat.
. . ..,..'.- - ,
THE LATEST 7QM THE KNXKY ON THE SOUTH
SlDK.
The latest information received at bead
quarters last night. stated that the enemy
about Port Walthall junction had retired to
his fortifications, and that all, was quiet up
to the latest adviees. The enemy are report
ed to be entrenching themselves between the
James and Appomattox rivers, ahcVwill hard
ily venture another adyance soon, after their
repulse on Saturday. In. their retreat, on
Saturday, they left their dead and wo nded
on the field; and flight refuge nnder eorer of
r,n
t i.e
their grtoboa.. Here ihey remain, aiad up
to a late hay ' last ntj-ht, all Was reported J
qmet. jl, rferacfcraeot ri rur forces had been
ordered to drive in tbeir picket, and ascer
tain, if possible, mi . what strength thev are
about Port Walthai?. The railroad, up to our
latest accounts, had received no injury, and
the nemy was held in check in - the narrow
neck of land reaching tvom Bermuda. Han
dreds, on the James xiver,- to Port Walthall,
on tfte Appomattox jiver. . The. fiaht. op
Saturday, seemed to have furnished thern, at
least, for the present, "
SOME OT OUR GALLANT DEAD.
We regret to have to announce that Brijj.
Gen. L. A. Stafford, commandine the Second
Louisiana,brig:ide, wounded in the battle of
j.Thureday, and brought. to the officers hospital
o.;4, fthe Baptist Institute. V Tenth street.
died yesiday morning at ten o clock from
the effeoU oi hw wounds jn the shoulder, in
flicted by a steall Minnie or musket ball,
ranging from the left shoulder to the right,
and touching the -tspinal column.
General Stafford wascarriedeivghteen miles
in an ambulance from the field Of- battle ' to
the railroad station, and reached Richmond
on Saturday evening. He reached here in a
comparatively easy coadition, fhongh paral-
Lized partially. rHe spokn obeerfirllt of his
wound, and described minutely his sensations
upon being struck. He fell from his horseas
though by a blow on the head, and remained
unconscious for .some momeDfcfc He passed
an easy, night, and it was only yesterday
morning that symptoms of approaching dis
solution appeared, and Lis death was unex
pected. Gen." Stafford was about forty-five years cf 1
age. and he entered the war as the CoAjnell
of . tho Second Louisiana regiment, participa
ting in moat of the great battles that have
signalized the army of Northern Virginia up"
to the one in which he received his fatal
wound. At the battle of Chancellorsville.
May 4th, 1803, he Was taken prisoner, and
in connection with that event, and his wound
ina on the 5th of May, 1864, he spoke - of
them iu ib light of a - 'coincidence "
Yesterday afternoon the body was placed
in a m eta lie case, and will be deposited in the
Capitol rotunda until to-day, when it will be
forwarded to Louisiana, if possible, - and if
not, deposited temporarily in Holywood.'
The deceased leaves, in his native State, a
wife and nino children, who have not yet
ben apprised of their melancholy bereave
ment, .
The body of Brigadier-General Jenkins,
the gallant and lamented sonof :the Palrretto
State, was expected to reach this city by the
Central train last evening, and the South
Carolina Congressional delegates were yester
day m iking arrangements for a bafiting re
ception His wonud was through the head,
and death was instantaneous. From a dis
patch received yesterday by the delegation,
we leapt) that decomposition had set in and
progressed so far and rapidly. that immediate
interment would be perhaps necr-ssaiy upon
the arrival of the remains. General Jenkins,
while one among the distinguished officers of
the army of Northern Virginia, was, without
exception, the youngest brigadier in th? in
fan try service, being scarcely twenty-eight
years of age. Before the war he was in com
mand of the Military School "of Instruction,
located at Charleston, South Carolina, and
enjoyed the reputation of being a most ex
cellent tactician. His hrigade, which was
one of the best drilled in the service, was
stationed below Richmond last Fall, and oar
citizens have enjoyed frequent exhibitions of
its thorough discipline and drill.
The body of Colonel John L. Miles, of
South Carolina, reached the Central depot on
Saturday, and "vas placed in a metalic case.
Decomposition had progressed to a great de
gree, and immediate interment, it was thought,
would be necessary.
Our Wounded Officers. The following
are the names of our wounded officers who
had been received at the officers' hospital,
(Baptist Institute, Tenth) street, up to Lst
evening. W'e are informed by the surgeon in
charge that very few of the wound- are serious,
and not more than five or six we looked upon
as dangerous or likely to result in amputation,
and fewer still in death. The list is transcri
bed from the hospital register, and shows the
name of the officers, the reaiment to which
he is attached and the nature of his wound;
Lieutenant R M Hoo l, Thirty-first Georgia,
wounded in .high; Lieutenant P Byron, Teuth
Louisiana, in arm ; Captain J D Graham,
Seventh South Carolina, arm; Lieutenant H
L Farley; Third South Carolina, cheek ; Lieu
tenant 1' S Norman Fifth South Carolina,
chin ; Lieutenant. M . Charles, First North
Carolina, arm ; Captain T M Fair, Fifteenth,
South 'Carolina, shoulder; Major G VV Flowers;
Thirty-eighth North Carolina, arm; Lieuten
ant D B Sanborn, Phillip's Legion ; Colonel T
B Lamar, Fifth Florida. lg ;iud head; Lieu
tenant J II S'rain. Second Mississippi, thigh ;
Lieutenant s D Maun, Forty fourth Georgia,
thigh ; Lieutenant S A Saunders, Fiity-thtrd
Georgia, lea ;; Lieutenant W-V Timmons.
Fifteenth South Carolina, thigh; Lieutenant
S E Fahnr Fifteenth Georgia, neck ; Lieuten
ant J J Hicks,. Second Mississippi, shoulder;
Lieutenant Colonel W T Hartsfield, Fifty
third Georgia, month ; Captain E J Gogcin,
Seventh Sotrh Carolina, arm ; Lieutenant R
L Sadler, Fiftv-third Virginia, arm and side ;
Captain J:H Fleet. Fifty-filth Virginia hand ;
Lieutenant H Baxter. Fifth Louisiana, hand ;
Captain A W Gibson.' Forty-filth Georgia,
hand ; Lieutenant S Tharp, Fourth Qporgvi,
thigh .Adjutant A T. Johnson, Twelfth
Georgia, hand ; Captain W P Neiley.Twentyr
first -Mississippi, hip ; Captain A Hudgio,
Sevi.:h South Carolina, tbigh ; Captain L
Poolr, Twenty fourth Georgia, both thighs;
Lieutenant P S Crawford, Tenth'Ge rgia,
both thighs ; Captain T W Anderson, Seventh
Tennesst e, thigh ; Captain D L' Duke, Six
teenth Mississippi, left, thigh ; Lieutenant J
A Morgan, First North Carolina, leg ; Major
LC Latham, First North Qarolina, saide ;
Lieutenant R D Calhoun F urth Georgia,
shoulder ; LiMitnant J P Pugley, Thirty
eighth Georgia, arm ; Lieutenant G "B Pierce,
Cobb's cavalry, arm ; Captain O W- Baldwin,
Cobb's cavalry, atm; Captain J L Dojrge,
Phillip' -Legion, head; Lieutenant R 4 ier
m. Ninth Louisiana hand;' Lieutcnaut: Col
onel AY C Holt, Tenth Georgia, thigh ; Lien
tenant ; W C DoddFtfth Qrorgi, hip ; Lieu
tenant J H Small, Ninth Loai-siana hand ;
Brigadier-General Bennfng, Beuning's Brigade,
left shoulder, severe ; Brigadier General Staf
ford, Second Louisiana Brigade, through both
ihonlderft, since died; Lieutenant H C Wil
liams, F'Wh Georuia, thigh; Lieutenant
G'lo;-el W H .Willis, Fourth iGeorgia. knee;
Lieutenant B R Heriey. Fourth Georgia, arm ;
Adjutant T C James, Third North Carolina,
arm amputated; Colonel W C H-xle, Seven
teenth Georgia, shoulder; Captain A T K
Melton, Third Alabama, thiah ; Lieutenant .W
McKenney. Twelfth Alabama, leg JSJajor R
T Bry, Thirty-first SaT, ahdomin"; Major W
B Jones, Sixtieth Ga., shoulder ; Captain J T
Ferguson, Fifth Ala., thigh ; A E J Martin,
Aid-de-Catap to Oeneral Edward Johnson ; J
Colonel E 3yYil!it, First La., hip; Lieuten
ant HC GiJI, first La., hip; Lieutenant tj
W W&dey, TOttyknrth N. C. foot ; Lieu
tenant J R. -ssler, Thirteenth N, C. face ; Lieu
tenant J Cartledjge. Tenth Ga , leg Lieuten
ant D T Andereor?, Orrs regiment ; Lieuten
ants A DaLay, -Sixteenth Ga.. neck Captain
J M Emmet, Assistant Adjutant General,
mer, Torty -ninth Ga., Vrist :' Lieutei.ant D !
Lovell. Sixty-first Ga., sho.ulder; Lieutenant !
B T Phillips. Fiwt Ala., .arm : Lieutenant . IS 1
L Anderson, Fourth .Georgia, una. Seventy- J
iwo in an nau been received.
Another instalment ut wounded officers were
expected dnwn4y the tra;n lat ereuing, and
accommodations were prepared for then. AH
the wounded received were doing well yes
terday. The ladies of Richmond were ' par
ticululy attentive in the iitribution of deli
cacies and comforting sm.ieg.
iFrom the Bicbaqod Bocirer of Tueedar.
THE CITY.
The cify was perplexed with rumors at an
early hour, the leading item being the leport
ed advance of an immeiHe body of the enemy
upon the fortifications about Drewry'w Bluff,
on the Chesterfield side of the river. Nothing
transpired, however, to confirm this report
and the only information that could be obtain
ed in any way connected with Mich a move
ment consisted oi the intelligence that ROme
thicg impurtant was in progress in that direc
tion. The station of Chester, on the Peters
burg Railroad, having been visited by the
Yankees, and being ouly about threo mPea
from the BIuiT, gave an air of probability to
the story. On the strength nfs ime ffi :ial
intelligence in relation to the operations of the
enemy beyond -fht place, tb local forces were
v called out in the afternoon and put in motion
&r emorgenies. No reports were recei ved from
the army on the Rapid an during the day.
and it was supposed that affairs in. that quart er'
.were not of an immediately imp rtant charac
ter. Pub ic interest seemed to centre upon the
conuiuoa oi auairs on toe cwuth-hirto.
AN ADVANCE OF YANKEE CAVALRY ON BEAVER
DAM;
-About 8 o'clock last night, the teh'grtpli
operator at Beaver para, on the C-mtraf rail
road, notified the te'egraphie headquarters
here that a force of .inkee cavalry wre ad
vancing upon that? station, '.n consequence of
which he immeditaky thereafter left. It if
seemed probable that the raiders came up to
the station, and, after doing all tne damage
they could, left. It was reported that several
supply trains for Gen. Lee were a this station,
but as ii is probable they were suppled with
adequate motive power, it is presumable that
they escaped, if there at all.
FIGHT NEAR PETERSBURG.
At an early hour yesterday m ruing rumors
were in circulation to the effect that Chester
was occupirtd 1 y the enemy Tne telegraph
wire, which had been -repaired on Sunday.
Ind Worked without interruption until H
o'clock the same night, when it ceased sud
denly An erroneous despatch frmn Peters
burg had previoujsly Ueeu received by way (f
Burkvil'c, slatiug that Cfeter bad been
tak-n and its buildings' appropriated by the
enemy.
Supeiinteiideiit Gill, aecoinptnied by sev
eral officers if the nd, proceeded on a loiir
. of observation about three o'clock in theattcr
n'on. on bosid the lvc7 -native vTccumSvdi."
The party .proceed?!? to C e.-er, Oure it wej j
asc.t-r ained that, ab ut 9 o'elnk ir the m irn
ing, between three Hiid tour tluuand of the
enemy (most lik ly aiiout half that number.)
entered t!ie place, torn up about forty jards of
the trr.ck at Chester, ami a few rails .it the
Clover Hd I turnout, and lift There were
only feoudes at the place, and when the rail
road party ar. ived, they were in a great state
of trepidation, and warned tbemio quit, stat
ing that a large body of the e je-ny's cavahy
had separated from iho main force, und gone
up as if intei ding.to visit tin. Dinviile rail
road. They expected the n. back every mo
ment. Tho objects of the trip h.'ing accom
plished, the party proceeded cautiously back,
a-.d arrived in the city safely at half past 5
o'clock.-
While at Chester the party distinctly heard
tie miring uf artiijery iu the direction of Pc
teifc' urg, and it was evident tlnU a severe
fight was raging in that direction The sound
of cannon was heard from points near Rich-
mono, aoM was i. terpretea by the anxious
into a desperat' tight at D.ewry's Bluff; but
uo lighting. iu tliut immediate vicinity occur
red, and the rumor went by default From
intel igence received from nli ;blc quarters,
the fight iu the Vicihi y of Petersburg was a
very serious one. .
DESTRUCTION OF THR SHAWsUEK.
A private correspondent sends us tjio fal
lowing account of : the c pf ore and burning
of the Y mkee gunboat " Shawjen," which
took place in James river on Friday last :
. On Frida' afternoon, about 6 P. M., a de
tachment of artillery, commanded by Major
Starke, Mipported by a full force of infantry
from the 25th Virginia (city) battalion, left
the camp of the latter, ami proceeded down to
the vicinity of Carl's Neck, toatt.ick the gun
boat believed t be thereabouts. About 10,
A. M: Saturday, one of th gunboats dropped
anchor off Taylor's farm, near Tnrkey Island,
and sending a boat ashore, burnt the com?
crib, bams and oufhousss on the place, ami
hastily decamped just half an h-mr previous
t our arrival. We, howeveV, waited for
their pi, bible return, which occurred iu half
an hour, the scouts bringing information that
the iron-plated gunboat Shawsheu, mounting
three guns, calibre respectively, each. 30 ana
20 pounder ParrotU, and a 12-pounder Dahl
gren howitzer. Skirmishers were promptly
thrown forward; the artillery limbered up,
and all at the double-quick dashed down to
the, river bank; and opeued on her, taking her
completely by surprise. 1 She ouly fired pach
'of her guns once, the sharpshooters-rendering
the handling of her guns impossible in fifteen
minutes from the opening of the- first gun.
.. Sbe was completely riddled with shot, and the
Yankee flag hauled down, and the white was
floating io its place - Some fourteen of her
crew, inclusive of her captain and chief engi
neer, jumped overboard, eight of which were
shot by the musketry while in "the wa'er, the
, captain and engineer of th number. About
five escaped to -the opposite shore. The re
mainder of her erew, aome twenty-seven iu
number, were, taken prisoners. ,
An officer was nt aboariJ, the boat set fire
to, and as this was being done, two of the en
emy's iron clads and one monitor hove in
sight, aud commenced shelling furiously ; but
happily injuring no one. In twenty minutes
the firing reached the magtjine,, aad the
steamer blew-to pieces.' Surely, -a quicker
retribution never before overtook the vandal j.
This little exploit occurred within one and
half miles of four iron -clads aud one or two
monitors, aud must have galled them consid
F rota' the Richmond Ezaminar of Wednrada j .
THE WAR NEWS.
LATEST FROM GEN. LEE'S ABM?.-
RAIDING PARTY ON THE CENTRAL ROAIL
FIGHT AT DUBLIN DEPOT.
E.VEMY O.V THE SOUTH SIDH.
j' SHARP FIG UT.
Humors flew thick and fir yestfrdar, as
ihey al wava do on. i he eve of great event.' It
is liot necessary for us to repeal them here, but
we proceed at once to give what new we hav
ben able to gather up to-night, cluifjh'it
in turh order as we can :
. KROM CEEMAL "LEl's ARMV.
There was nothing official yesterday from
Gen. IVs army, nor could we barn anything
on inquiry at the War Department up to a bio
hour lt night. There were a dosen rumor
out lst night, some i.f an unpleajtaut char
acter, but we have reason to belicr without
any found.it i n in fact. A telegraph w
rrceied lt night from tho c'a'ef qtraUr
master of Lce army, giving ccrUin direct i -n
in his department, datetl at Spoterlvatii i Curt
House yeenlay arternnon, anl dinpitched
fron; Guiuca'-i station, at live o'clock Unt
eveniro', from whicli it i; plain tout L c' litis
of communication is open,atd thai t disaster
has befallen bfettrniy.
It is reported, on pretty good anf Jjority. that
there had been some fjgntinr nr.ir the Work
House, four iniat-f Spotsylvania Court Hause. '
and that we had rpuTed tie cnnuy and
were, at last accounts, slill driving him Oen.
Lee's headquarters were reported tt ! ar
Shady Grove, K'fi:e iixtecu miles !roui Frc i
. ericksburg. -"
A g-ntlomiiri, who arrived Ust erenin-r fr.itn
FivdericksVnrg, reports that on Sunday rveri
ing. when he left, tha Yankees were raying
their jxntoon across the river to the Stafford
Height, preparatory, as it was supposed, to
their crossing over . thouM it become neoes
isary. Cteat demoralization is said t ex't in
Grtnt's army. Ysteiday morning one mti
brouglrl down and delivered tivcr to li-eutral
. Vinder upwards of forty prirkvi'rs, who ha I
voluntarily surrendered to him, end atel to
ba brought to headquarters. TheK prironern
say the country between the ttapid Ann ard
KappahatiiKxrk is tilled with deserters Mi
mating their number at several thousand.
THE 1NKMVOX THK TF-STIiAL R A I I.StO A 1 TH t T
A 11 K HKPORVKU AUVAXCIJIO ?' I'.'IE ftXNoVhH
JL'.M-ri.tM.
Nothing positive hinWen henrd of the w.:k
of the Yankv-' raiders at levir Dttn. It i
supposed, however, that everything there
cur, 1-jcomotivcs, fSit. -wt?; tiestroyed. After
Cii-n pit ting thir work tiieri-jit ihsupjio.-otl the
X''keeA Struck for Hanover juncti -n. At &n
oarly hour ve.terdav a tlipatch wa- rv ivc 1
frtu Col. D-a-iley T Johnson, statin that u
was ! lieved Uai tliey wrc .idranaiug agfeiijjvt
that p 'in ; that t'me prisoners had Un
raptured who rep-rted that lo cinuin whs
p.dvsnctng fr m Beaver Dm ; that they were
Kmc tl.ne liiouhaml strotig, and tinker tl.c.
conniiaud of (Jen. Merr'tt.
Liter account received fronn Bradley
Jo'iii.-oo r p. rted that hf had yrterJay tuoni
i:ig a fkiiiui -o with the Yuktcs. and cap
tured sfVi-i il pii?onti, and that it PJ 'clock
vtprl.jy t'tre ffa i fn.-e of s..me twr t.r
tnrei thousintiat Kgro FH)t. eight mil's
'wi-r if H -mover junction, wh. wore retine
and feeding their hTes, with the evident
design of making. a raid on some point It -wa
reportd that another column was advanc
ing from Hcavf r Dim.
Another report Ifc.t night un tfut ll.o '
Yankees, ten thousand ntrong, were rnrchii
on KichnKnd, s d that FitzJmgh Leo and
Suiart were in cWe pursuit f theni. s-nrietwo
or three hours behind them. To fmped" ih r
pursuit tho Yankees had felled trees on tl.ir
way, ni'd were making a direct march on thts .
city. This rumor prevailed extr t: ! last'
night, and caused quite a srnattion. It i Ra'l
th;d Fitzhugh Lee tolrgraphed lat nicht that
lie had good news which he woulj like to
re)Mr' hut hcnaild uot do tut at that time.
Ir u rcpo. ted that the whole e vn!ry force
of Grant's army has ben detached, and hts
iemt aroend t mak this demo, 'ration
agaiit the railroad wnd Rtcutnocd.
A FKUtT AT HUPLIN lKror.
As wo hinted some days ag' as likely !o
occur, Yankee Gueril Averill has htarte.1
6'it on a rai i agn?nt the Virginia and Trn
nrpsee railway. A difpatch ws reeivrtl
t ally yearerd;ty that a portion of 'hit forces,
'had siruik tl o railroad at Dublin depot, aod
that a iharp tight had enmed. It rcjMrtcl
that or foices under Jenkini were renulsed,
an 1 that h himfelf was wounded. We hav
no otl-r particularii of lle figbt that can be
relied or. There were many rumors out last
uight about the affair, but we do not thik
them worth repeating.
A private dispatch to Govj-roor Smith re
ports that hi son, a Lieut -ua'U-Colonei, w
won.ided in the fish, and fll into the hand
of the enemy. T!ie wound was i-i th thigh,
and not dangerous, no bone being fractured.
He was reported to have been taken to a pri
vate houee, about three miles from Dublin,
and was getting on quite comfortably.
MOVEMENTS ON THK SoUTMSIDE A t-HAF
V-G11T.
Early yesterday morning General Ransom
started mt from I)r wy' Bluff, whero he re
main d, for the purpose of making a reo m- .
noi&ancc in force of the enemy's position an J
strength. Taking Birton's and Gracey's
brigade, he proceeded to hunt the enemy,
and soon found him in considerable force lc
tvrccn, Drejry't Bluff and Chester, about threii
Oiiles from. Drewy's P1 off.
A eharpt fight endued. Barton's brigade -waa
at one juncture of the fight thrown in,
some confusion, bat they soon rallied, and
handsomely repulsed 'the enemy, drfving
them for aom.4 distance. The enemy left,
in his retreat, eome few pieces of artillery,
' bet hs the limbers were taken awry, our mn
oooW- not carry them off. After pnrsuing
the'teemy for some dirUncv, onr men Tel I;
back to their entrenchments, occupying the
same position aa when they started out. . .
We took some eighty prieonera, . and pur.. ,
Toss was comparatively " slight perha pa not
over a handrcd.
. The enemy was found to ho. in large force. '
It is likely that he is also rece vioj; reinforce-,
meats frtni below. A. deserter who came in
yesterday (a'youth who hatl formerly rcided
in Richmond ) rare thai he landed at Bermntla
. Hundreds on Monday. If thW be trie, it is
clear that troptw axe still arriving there - -'
From all indications the enemy is in large
' force on tho Southsldo, and the movement
threatens to become a serious one, yet we be
lieve we a m prepared to meet it.
Continued orthwdmPoge
if.