.1
THE CONFEDERATE.
WEDXESDAT, JAM iUY 18, 1804.
Fort Fisher Takrn-
Just bef.re putting ywterday mormrgg
paper to press, we were informed that official L
advices hid "met been received, fctatiug that J
- w
alter a furious borubaiciog of Fort Fisher, the
enemy attempted its capture by assault, but
-had been repulsed ; and that there we no
cause for alarm as to its safety.. We retired
to ret c uitent in the be'i-f that we should
still be able to hold the F. it, and th -t the
enemy would be again thwarted. Id his efforts
to Ci pturc it. But we wire atouuded to
learn, ihe first thing yesterday morning, that'
I o'clock the tight before, the enemy hii
&Uv. assaulted the Fort and succeeded in
-ir:: "it This was the suhstuLCe o! the T;
rt in ci.culation We. did n t oain any-'
i a u. .1. ... r.4 j
ceive H.n.etHug n.urc fcatisf-cts,ry Lerory g .tug;)
to prese t-r.iiit.
It it ixdted pinve tsue that this dieter ;
, , f ,, ,i i i ..a .. .i i
hiis hefallva us, there can be ni u. ut
.
Lamit M-ii.ms and 'a:i a,r.i,g b:w.
icstead .! A nm ur pe-)pl, it should j
love tr.e contrary cfiect. It th u!d an -use
every ereijry. power and rcS'.t:rce it tl State
to meet the enemy a'id resut his ilvare
upon ear h:1. The captuie t.f F rt Filler
does not necessarily involve the fall of V. il
uaingtou. We Lave strong defences lelow
the city, and with these well-manned anJ
Tesoluteiy defended, Wilmii gt n may oi; 'th a'ooitti'.:ued falsifying and villily
saved. This will depend toa real t.reu: ing their - wn govemuient. 'Ih-y must know
. , . .t . - t ... .i . that c :&se ol otr buccek this upDosiri n to
v ' ,
shall give i ur soiuiery in tLe eutrei xtit nts
around Wilmington. If they :osso?s the
spirit com:r.cns'.'.rae
with the n"!err'ei ry .
Aortb Carolina vv
will not
be
c-'nouriftF or
overrun.
It is true ef us, as a Charh t.l.. crt(snpirar
remarks of tint beleaguered.
ous!y trud. ibe enea)'
jurpo.-e.s at win-se arnoucceaien
derisively. Schem we ai.d others l etter iri
former! than we and far better ah'.e to k;dire
riiihtlv, dc-tucd intoiV.le of t.xecr.rion, hav
bc:u crow ted with suece.-s. He j re?M-s t on
every tile. The war cloud iin.Mgs
heavy oer -ur htnunu We are nuaad
vith the sinie vvot-- ur.hr ul.kh lii-.rsi. ive
U.n calhd t groan ; n 1 feted. it !es
not become us to eit down ar.d bimotn i.-na
tersand prospective -vi;s with childish teais, !
lJ-.-pi:.dnc' at siieha time rs t!ii is r.?w
ardice. We di&tt ve n praise for valorous
words ar.d resolute s-rints when the buu ol
.prosperity was shining ihri op our cas--frt
m a cloudless ky, i,or jet when .itl.-er.s--c
t:.os .t a di tar.ee v. re dcva?tat-c by tr.e
intrtih-ss Uw. Thfti it as easy and pk-tsai:l
to titter -words of cheer and senti&ients of
hiih her ic courage. It is eoriiniend.ille if"
we thu- sp:;;k and thus h el at tne pfer-i.t j
junefure oi our afliirs, when o;;r own s i' j
trembles b-i:ath th- trurn eai'jH'ii'dl
h(.:;ts. Such '-ritimer:ts will us: honor!
ur.der existing eircumtanc s. Such s nti-
ret r.tsareir. keej ing with therepuf;iti'.jj wnitrri j
North Carolina sold'R bear for rt Solnt-e -cour
age, dis'riig gallat.try, e.pronquerahle dtter
rn: alioP, heroic ei dt.rar te sind sublime at
t.icbn ent to The e;:iisc. Ixt 1 e pets-h-remu
or ibat they h v-'this noble v jMita'i-'-
to sus-aip. Nor.e w rthy r
the St-ite '.ii;
ht-it it'1 to give Itr his l.en.ty
nl fairhltd
S'r v.ce. ir u j enemy suco !. ail our
. I c -
jHTfy a:: 1 ai! air sacied rih's wtl! b. w
t
i . noni us. r-ut'jugation inw h'is
'or us
f. W e
evi
evi! it i.s p .ssilde to core-ive
h:;ve D criiik the cup o. li U rest w t
lo ll.e i ry dreg?
Thf Crisis arni our Duly.
Pre enemy are aain baiiering at th-1
walls et F rt Fisher, and ertr3r i '.! wj i b
made to retrieve the disc.mfuure and defeat
they received eu their Chrisinas a:ta'k.
li.ey havp d. ubtless c-'inf'with ii-rt;.s d
force, and with a differ i.t fti r in coyimand
oi their land force; but with 'he Mesoig of
lint upon the skill and o tirade f.our I.'ave
men theie. this renewed attaik w j 1 aii utter
ly and disastrously, as did ihe f. ru r. That
success, coming as it did. alter wuz series oi
dcieits ar.d losses, d u.utli to inspire our
people with hope a: d trust aguri. carried re
j v.eing fr -m tit.e end of the Confederacy to the
other, arai t xerted a must ha;jy influence
upon the minds of oor soldiers arid pe.ple.
If we. wroilt! have a r-pepu ,n of victorv.
the peop'c n;ust rally to the supp. rt and as
sistance '.four soldiery w and girding up the
leias of cur ndt ds, confront the tl ii c. ti ing i
.r o .... .i .... - , - I
iu.v .s v .-.u uauei:ess spiiti, reso.vitv r.evtr i
to yie.u. and to d our ctii cs? to th'.var: v i
cruel pr; -i sis t f t!:e fotli:! f.v."
Our ofctts ard soIdW-rs I eh w YVdmington I
br.ve s!v.wn thetnseWts true as stel, ;er..f it
will be a crowning acbiv en'tnt if ti;v s:.ai!
oe suxccssiui a rrwiiis c me ur i t s:r c art'Otua
, ,
again brought against them. Hut the cMiter ;
cf Wilmington and cf the Eastern counties geu- j
t .. .... m .i. - .
erally, must net expect them to ccccnij bsh im- .
possibilities unaided. As ibis jurr;al rt marked
ca a former occasicn, these who wi;h faithful j
.
representatives, must show n prompt and ready
r i t J' -
wiiliDgucss to aid their eLdeavoss, aed sh: uld !
adhere to ajjd cenfid-in tbem Our own peo- !
p!e can rerder valuhble assistance. Let thein !
see to it that they spate lo exertioc; for ti e i
viv;m-.-- iLrrtur.ia can Lc ' more truMlv
Qaii.taiLed than the tkteLCe of the- habitation
tfter tbe enemr has entered.
Gen. Four. est. The editor t f the Jack.-on
JJississifpian Extra has had a conversation
with Captain William Forrest,, brother ol the
"'VTizzud cf the Saddle," who ta;es that he
had cispatel.es from y his brother of the 221,
who positively denie that there was any
rrcur d for ihe leport of a difficulty with the
General atd tr.e of his men, miet Jess the
outragtcus report that be had reen assist
r-ated. ' .
For tbe Coufede; ate. . ,
Oar SlaYfS 8S Soldiers. . x j
TmVouest.ou. above stated, or as" Geu.Lee
mere pr,perly ,puts it "shall tee use. our
tdavea as oik sodiers against lh: Yankees t
or fchall ihe Yackef a ue oitb slaves as s kliets
against us" is now fully before r.s anl cau ;
r.n intit-r hp Aeti Tied. lr is full time it should
x'ijuss-l. l'r.v let up do this in a spitit
of vernt;rain,n aud intragenic-, becoming
so serious a question, r.n t about which there j
hasalieadv Ueu expressed, mis' unfortunate- !
iv, such wig3 oiiiereuces ei opi hms j
surely e;-. Le o question of puj-tiziushM-; ir.
can U- properly ouly a question uf policy, viz:
will the eupieymei? d ere or tv.ohundnd
thou-d d 4ur blacks iv.- us material aid
iu ov.tainic2 our independence i.tl eu tiling J
es Ujkctp the remaraJer of our tegree,s as our
pr p rty; Tat, itna tiiat Only, ought to bs
be quetiu. All side iujs and" considera
tions fuct ly,tn--red and iaid aside, till thai
qu'ttton l iecidd; aud when decided let
tiit In' l ' p'lous fdiult-rintling with our
;'vvernni -lt. iiiu-r Legislative r ExeeuTive,
'ut i. coidi t, tienrt-elt tup ort bo given to
:vei coterie
Ji)tr;i ,T IDrc 5ei6--h jK-liliciau, to bj "t t
tmg ur" hiocseh; and if he dtes iiot ktl.-w it,
tic piepU l, and will scu-h.-w hi:u forever
her. a. 'e'. Ani thoe u u h are now tnak-
. .
J.iij TomH-ve.- iiift n u.-by their tWvt at-
:;4 ks upon i ae goverr.iii.Tnt ai d C.;n.2re.
i - al:ji - li-in r ho'f, Sre , A:o., aLd ietiunc-
;u. isr Ex cntive ud Co -urns h.r ty.ar.nous
u.'itr parous, cjc,
;ii.i!iim' nts of
fas., irsead
oi crejtin '
biass" for themselves,;
ij rrtv A: ii-..ir llii-lr i.v.ri T .:vi C I
ifTp this t the hand of icsurrectiou will never
re:ch Wiein.' What id-ed cau Le the m.. fives
or the 'tbjeeis of MJeh men, i.- past ha;ii.g out
and isi iComprtheirrible. h caunot be potri-
olum, fT th. t does nut cor sist, u-r is it con
tm-aur?s ot trie Koverotneut must ever he
re-
afier e:r!Pigu th m to the deeo shade ol an
evef lasting and dese rved igiuii enj; and
in case, of r t: r suojugation, t! eir very p sition
o?. members ot u rebel L'g si :tt.tH. viii mark
tle.'ii otit tre u; ;e pronJilintly, as the vie
.i.f,s of p'ui iUr ard (lgli.ce to their Yankee
m-jsurs
h..- r:;o.t ."iiectlv ioid us. that if we lo not
s: nit- tr.eru, our ei.emvs iUiely wiil, as they
have ''ie.t'e. To . i t.Sairi man, exercising a plain
c-'ci.T u serse, there can he no cn.ubt abiut ir,
that erey c- ntidratioii f safety, propriety
d success dero.inds ir. It has been aui is
the great dr a i ;mti tar of Lincoln ami his
( af-'net. They well krow tbe immense and
imn.ediat' incrra-p of po-.vcr U will give u-,
and have feaitd ic from the brginnit g. Ic
would at OLce check ai.d d. s'roy their over
v.r;i:rg co. tideiite tiat "tue rebedion was
about to be crushed f. rever," when they, saw
a sudd-n -in retse ot uur armies hy 10U;000
men, lighiing viith far more -f interest and
spirit-in our cause, thao ih ir nenes who
i ave to i eurgd to tbe Jiont '.jv 1-aycnets in
tle rear; or even by tfeir m b of gross, bru
tal and ignorant tjermans and Irish, most of j
whom have been d uggtd info fheir armies
T fr re c iti be no rt as nab!e d u;t, but ttsat
our ntgrott, fig! ting bv tfieside of their mas
ters, wh tn tiit 3 b ve beu lorsg nccutonied
i'fplicitiy to tb- s.aiid surroun1ed by white
tro'.'jis whfiii.ev know vvii! compel discipline
and -bedier.ee iit-tier in i'iy ef being shot at
nneo. vilT prove a lar beiier character of
solders tln-n ir-ost of lire norths that sre
brought against us.
Mavts t!ave,.in fact, been used as sokiiers
in all ages and iu alFcountries where slavery
existid The Gretks and the Romans employ-
eijf .e j as hnport int arid vain ib'.eauxililaii s,
uii.t where du we ti d more useful souhers i
than t; ts t;av :i. th
Russian
serf?
v t o.-e
; slavery ,s :ar w,,!,- thin ins? If the Ya.u- j
1 kcescvnt'nne to ti-e tliem, as.we know they go, )
in spite or their bng obliged to force them j
j mi fight, it can only oe oi iti-- ir e hi ththein !
I serviceable, we sure'v wp h all o;r advantages, !
fiud t:.err: even o re .serviceable. ' i
Now let t:s ex i t ine th or-j o'.ions alleged j
y some, ag u nst tite Use or inis most inip r- i
V t i:etn f our (""fence agairst our inhuman !
(ti' my, wii v.-oui'i aril have deprived us
of ati our slaves, as ?ar as they have occupied
( nr iw.tiy : in hrst. and realty as far as I
j cat; ji:og, the only plausible one, is, that in
i st. o! tihtiiig or v, they will disert to ihe
: eiitK-v in thr I
-onr ct rx'.rrnity, utdes ve
p euge ts;eni tl
neir uocriv aticr i:.e war. inis
' j, ttion, 1 ti.it k 1 have showj ubove, is n t I
fo-jmitd on truth, ard ccr;;i ly is nt in our j
eX'trier.c. Look a: the thousands who have j
had every chant e of es ape and icitfi stji!y,
ol those who have followed thtir masters to the I
war. or w o o r.ave f p?n emrloc' i! tPmntMr !
&c . .tv. How wtnt'ertullv few have !
i
(O t.s.
tTser to . It is true that ti U it to the sedne- i
t'to! irfnd 5ies of the Yankee, many ';ave l-:t ;
then -oitaii ii5 to go over io tne enemy, but
most ..f ihem have bten h.rc( d' !o do so bv one I
mtars or sn-tbt r. Btit surrounded by whi ej
troops ai.tl urnfer if:eeye of tne-e whom they :
in', e
I-
Ml
a-'custem'd to r.rcy, and where
there s no chance ri i s ap . the ca- wrulc
very !,th ret t. fcN t r ait si many negrins b
hi be !
have ;
(t tt r.s. -.is G rmans and Irish deserters have i
eon oovt-r ;o us, act! negroes also. We aifkeow
tbat ii eie are t ns of thousands in tl eTY'an- ;
ke seYi-e who serve most uuwriiinitly ; but ;
in no case t ave tt t f on e vcr to us in bodies i
1 it e "ay - t
or; tltC Ml ft of
i attic
; nor need we f. ar 4this
. v.- 1. 1 i i xv iieeiAi 1 1 1 -1 1
'sc..re pnvv.teiv, it may be netvssarv to evai-
: usnai vigilance and severe puu:shmeut. j
As :,. -ivn.g onr i egro s Idiers their iiutrtv. '
' t ? tl e wr.r. as a reward, it can only be the j
l'ie . of a vi..i....:arv and llioUihtless entbn.si- I
il vv? are hoi est in s:iiiu s we H.i anH
" ' - '"i-. wif. en ro uoueiswaiici me
. , , - - -
w-i" - ar .cter. tt.at l.e i belter tdi ir: Huverv
i.'Uiui compelled to "look out and care
1 r i im.-e:', ho-u wr arc repaying a service bv
'ro, ., : os.n vvuu'd be a criminal filly to j
11 He cfj 'l lewarded, skd iu mode
!f '"'" C''Ut''u tl l? r is s; and conducing !
ia Diore t.. his nappiutfrs He ( an be allowed !
, v ; it- . , i . . , ... -
n . r.i: ioti j,i to i.C(o. suj.ar mid whiskey, !
Mr it'e h.j can Ire furnished with a euita- i
hie m-mentai suit t.f txtra eh thing once a i
veai W1 ae by law every ?aturtiay in the
;1 ms own time, w.tii hospitals lur the j
iu w in?
tribiittd under the sui er- i
lntenoencti ot his, master, or m many other j
ways. Bat to gue him liberty, teat useless
thing to him, Wculd be to rai-e the class of j
tree negroes in our country to a power that I
would i dangerous a class we havebecu'!
for years trving t- get rid of. But this Js a j
qmsti a exclusively for.State action. I ca'ntiot j
thiuk they will be guilty of such folly, and I ;
will treat of it no longer. It is not to be I
thought of fwr a.iuount.
Another objection alleged by some timid j
men is, ti at alter having borce arms, the ne
sjro can i.fv. r y iiteiwrds made to return
Ids iabors. 'lh:s ! r.othin$ mere or less j
i than a dowmignt mistake. hat is there in j
.citv, we aregriev- I ' u; to our siibj -rt. vit: whetwr our negroes I TO" acK me tine oi war, ano Jir.ally bring
, . i i si. .ti ,.s, ,! v i.c ..'ri;:s rf hv t. ar.. . in iNorth to a knowkdsre Of tbe XVP.X that V
n&b acoonini-.M) '..i - . ,u"""lv- j " i . . . ---- - ,
. . . J oir: .- a n!.tir i-, fiivT 11.-: lor th-ar 'wi so. i re not to be suniu-.a:eu bv all 4 he oowem he
c wedauae.i : r tiA r t (j, eraL R bert E Lee. can bring u h ar, but are Tedy to make any
;b habit orstrict discij line to unfit biro from
c ntinuinc in that disc ipline so Decenary to
al1 e,J ued Piantat? Whatistbere
in the habit of q iek and thorough obeciioc
to military orders, to induce a disobedience or
im i-lingr-ess in 'obeying 'the order? of a
niasbr ? hat is there itt!le habits of clean
liness and car. futue es of thesoldics to injure
the worth ol a cc;ro' on tho plantation? I
have been bred a military-civ from my ear
liest youth', lam thu owner nf on of the
! , largest b'KlHMrf Degrees in the countrj', aud
I would, as a mat:r of pelieir, have a'. I my.
u gros brought up in habits of militi-Ty dis
cipline and o-der, aLr! wcu d confide r them
more manageable, and more va' liable. No!
there eaa bi; no r a-ocaLlc doubt arf to tbe
decii-n -on tbe question, whether tr tdiall use
the negroes as h..idw.Q against the Yankee
negroes arid s Idiers, or wtiether by our fidly
and hesiudu H'ey shall U9 them as gj.dnra
against us. , Wbether w shall use this great
eien.ent of deh nc, or wheiher we nh-d offer-it
to the Yankee? ? Therefore let Congress at
onee pat-s ihe -I c cessary measures; Jet the
Legislatures of the. Louiederate States take such
action as will ho r.n -arnsi at.d faitulul tup
pirH)f Cuugress. fet full 100,000 nun be
sent to thy varwiis' camps ot in-lruciK.n s
s;h!j as practrcahl-; let them be put Under
drill and discipline rt.rthwitn, atii vrefhail.be
able in tne eany spring to pla-e -under tlia:
great njaster, Gey: U E Lee, 100 tUO strong,
able-lHjilied vmen,' to strve in our noble cause
ourselves ai d then-selves in preserving thei.
from the brutal Yakees, who, by thir coursa
v.iil xterndnate them ar.d us ; wh rirb the
poer utgio, as sooa as the rich owner.
The coming sp-- ng is td be. the crsls d this
war. If Grans, by dint of overwhelming
numbers, oven uf n-gtoes and mobs; is able
to drive le b-fore liim, he turns tbe-e n -groes
at.d mobs h os-" upon the lo longer de
feuded cities ftf Richmond and Petersburg,
to p'titider and destroy with a barbarous li
centiousness only equalled by the former con
duct and examples of. his myrmidons. The
whole coujiry rotuxl about "will become the
prey of hi3 r -ops, and the Very negroes h si
presence nnd r (iei.cral Lee w ould have do
leaied him, wou'd be absorbed and taken to
increase his already bloab d-rlrmy. On the
other handGeneraI Lee, with the addition ol
, 100,000 able-bodied troops, fairly disciplined,
will oe-ar!e lo dehat ail Grant s purposes and
ami all sac rt tic. s to piulect urtelres in inde
pet.dence A her hateiul tyranny and despotism.
Thtn reaily will the cloud of blindness which
our typn timidity ai'.d want of jtii'y has so
-stroco!) brjughton them, disappear, and peace
at Lst-come to u." unhappy country.
As to the point "whether owners of slaves.
killed in battle, i r otherwise Irst, sln.uld be
rcnoiuf -rate. I, it i but a minor consideration.
"Let Cngiess settle all those matters. It
would certainly serve to n-ake the measure
n ote popular with the lovt-r of nun cy; but
surtJy we. who give our s.'.i s lo the ciuntry.
our i-ffi. 11 sh urul blood, and do not 'require
o be paid or its sheticiug. can, with little
consc:en e, refuse our pmpertv.
II. KB.,
A 2orth Caro ina Farmer.
ITeaiqcauters O n f e i l i : a 'i t Point.
F.. Fisher, Jan. 7h l8Go
Gor. Z. 11 Vance, Rabigh iV C:
Di:ar Governor I ser.d by Mr. W. J.
Pa iner, the ba'Ue Jhg wi.ic-:; floated over the
M'.ui.d " on the 21th and 2."'Ji December
18C4 The f 'dow ing ofiicic-.i l-ff.t-rt wiU as
sociate a gahaivl North Carolina boy with the
tj. : .
o O o
The st ti on the Mnuod being tmprivided
yvtth 1 a:y .rde-, the battie Hjg hath not been
ra s, d wiu ri tho garrison flag vyar shot awy.
'."ne en r -vas in.m di -.tely given to laise ttie
wiitn private Cmistopher C. Bland, Co.
J, 8(3 ' N G R-L'irueut vol ui tee red and
i. .-. 1 i. g t.'u; stalf under a heavy fire fastened
lb; Hig '..tnce a terrfie fire was poured
on the Mcmal and one end of the ii vj itqu.r
i..g to be .acacued, Chin i repeated the heroic
dee 1, and unscathed hy the tearful ordeal fas
tens the ti i-j liro.ly to the stf-Ef, wii'ere it now
fh-ats, although torn and rent by fragmt nts of
fclndl. . . -
The Z!o!U-aI.is the rLht flank work.
tt-'-er
liaving the battle lia raised. 1 wtnt to the
left fiai k work of the, fort, v. filch e.crumat.tts
the causeway into tin lott oti the river sid:,
2 551 v; rds from the Aiouud, ui-d raise i a
tt!e flag on the parapet. I tr.hsed tho flag
; ; U:wu Vonuay. 'morning, and on enqutr
ing !r?rr,t t-hat Lot i.-mtj before dark on. Sunday
the staff rv.is c.;rried away by an ei.fi is a ing. breast' swore to har;e it wb,u opportunity pie
t hot which together with tho v. ind cariied the h-l itself.
4A. 2 v.'r ihe piii.ades anil seine lista:;co
from the woik b. to" ihe marsh, tod within t t:e
t uetnv's skii inisa li-.e. "did. Gen Huth-r le-
ports oiirciativ that .cne ol tus in-n br. rtitit
aw;-y tfis ti.ig from tbe purapct. 1 know tbat
A; Tu-ral Purler th serves the credit of taking
jt !:om .be pa-ptt, and as be did so lutie
with hjs i eisy tiet t I lh:nk he should uit he
ItbHed O! tt;e honor.
Y. ur friend, WM LAMB, Col.
Sinking of Ihe Albemarle.
The following is the finding of the Naval
Court of Inquiry :
Finding ot a Naval Court of Inquiry held
, Willi irt;toii, N. C, ot. Wednesday, Decem
Kr 7th. 1S!C4 to oi-quire into the facts con
.'ec cd with the sinking of tho Confederate
ieamer Albemarle lying off Plymouth, N. C.,
n or about ttie 2Srh oi October, 1864, by a
i,ikee Toped o Boat :
' Fmdinq. We find the discipline on board
Adtintrie ws gool, artd that tvery
i i.sj..nab'(c pn camh u was taken to prevent
irpri. e; 1 at o Ostr not ions vt ere placed an und
t,b vessel rcousistin oflogs f-sti ned tot-ether
y chaii.sand ropes, aud secured with an
ors -sufbcicntiV. secure nd formniable, to
sist r.iiy ar t cipi'ed mode of attack; that
fv.cient piiket boats were stationed 'above
-d be ovv hut they were iot .ri tbe ahrr ;
at the men statu ncd at the li.dd pieces at
' e InW Mid stern ol the bott beh ned to ihe
, a.y, and we have no means of ascertaining
bether tl;ey wereadowed to be absent from
, le guns t-r i ot ; that the loss of the Albemarle
lot to be atlnhu'ed to negligence or inat
ihuon, or waut fti gm-d exauqle shown by
J. v t-ue on bjaid.and that she was fought to
best advantage. -
Appioyed: Let Lieutenant Comd'g Warley
so informed and furnished with acOpy'of
e fiiiding of the Court.
(Signwl) b. II MALLOKY,
Seotetaiy ?d tbe Navy.
A tru ; copy of the record
(Signed) S. -5. LEE.
ptaiu in Ci arge of Office of Orders and
Details, C. S. Navy Department,
lltchmond, Ya., Jan. 2, 1865.
t
Newspaper strictures do not change the
-"iinion of the Presiiint, white they do. have
depressing-effect on the people. '
r
I was captured at Helena, Arkansas, July
4th, 1863, and wag taken thence to Alton,
Illinois and was coufioedia the penitentitry
in that place, which had ben condemned by
the btate grovemmeut as ur fit for the toi.hno
ment of felons, on 'account of the fatality of
diseas ; prevailing within its damp and dingy
walls. I forget at this lime- tbe date of my
ariival as that iutitncua &ud disgusting
place. ,
A' wall from fifteen to sixteen feet high, en
closes two acres, in which confi'ied fcntl
cramped limits we e located tin; sink, dead
Aoif ai d hospital. Tweuty-five hundred
Gn federate prisoners were crowded into this
black hole" at the tim; I was-thcre Sma 1
pox was raging with a fury amounting to a
plague, and dozens of my j'o ir fellovv -euflf r
ers died daily from the pestilence. Two small
sinks were A.r the 'accommodation of that
dense mass in the extreme warm weti-cr prey-Tung
during the motithi of July aud u
gust. We could scarcely live fur the stu.th ;
that arose from the sinks ar.d small p ;, l-- ;
pita!, in connect! n with the sew cr?, that'
were never chaned, anf in which ihe fii n ;
fro a the washing aud c-oking and wiislc !
fr-agmenfs of tread aud meat weie allowed to j
lie and th'con n se uuder broiling July and
Auuust suris This sewr cireumventtd ti.e
hospital building, adding its nausea to th3
overtaxed tmaciafed patients that c;e sith
ering under an atnount sutfeiiug incompie
bensib'e to ny bvji i hose Who bad teen the
plague ij its dfceinalfng wik ic.L'Uk.u,
Sotcni le was the e fill via arising within
tlnse walls that, at times.it was sraroe'y pos
sible, ibr the well men -to obtain, the Required
quantity of ox ygen to support lifer 1 was
told "by one of the first gentlemen of our
number. an who stood mntneut an . i physi
cian iw Missouri, tha when a& healthy plant
from the outside was brought within sheTe.i
closure, it almost instantly withered. The
hospital that contained the "patients suffering
from other diseases, than the above named,
was situated nea-that rf the small pox, ano,
very often, many men having the worst form
osmail pox, were alhiwed to remain for days
io the sanifi room, and tlvs iultcted the others.
It was v.iih the utn c-td fiioulty tiut a friend
C -uld get permission io vi.it the hospital to
attend to the wants of his f How, -and thus
potr men lay in their pain, with thtir beds
begiimmed with dirt, stinging and rotten
with corruption and devoU'ed by hsguting
vermin ; and though requt sted, for ihe sake of
liumai ity, by our trvn surgeons, to remove
ihe sick to sorae dace where thry cetl'd be
better provided for,- cr. it least, icipovb tbe
small pox patirtits out of the, hospital, it Was
thri.ughoui persistently refused.
Once poor, brave boy was dying, who ha 1
st od many'a hardship in the army and breast
ed the charges if many a ha tic fi d for his
country and b-nie, and witbid that some re
ligleus man mbt be admitted to his dying bed,
and teach him now to find rest in God. ere bin
spirit took its flight, and bear sume last dying
message' to those be loved at borne. His re
quest was mo.-t flatly and profanely denied by
the truie in command in these words, a weTl
as I can r collect : "Let the d scoundrel
and rebel die; JTe derves no better fate."
The water was brackish, aud fctrongly im
pregnated with scrapings from the prison vard.
The privates were fed upon cenvict's rations ;
a cup of sohp, a pitce of dry bread aud ivinisf ra
blc apology t"r coffee, with a t.rcall -piece of
meat. Many of our poor fellows were half
star ved, and it was, iudted, heartrending to
hear tbcm brg for the scrwps tfcat fell fmui tbe
clhc-r.s' table. .1 thougnt it rtqiired more f.r-
titude to endure sucb c r.firiernefit than to un
dergo again all past suffering iu tbe army twice
told. . .
"No rfligious services "were allotveJ, exc pt
when whim or fancy promritid these mcdials.
I preached once, at tlen 'quest of uiBBy tf the
prisoners, after ubtaininji the c:i-eat t f 'tbe
prGvost.marsbal, and was f erwards inforced ,
rhat they become very much incensed, bt cause i
I gave cut ro be sung the hymn counn-iucMtg :
On Jordan's stcrm j bank I stand, ;
And cast a wisbfyl eye," Jtc.
Tbt y supposing that I selected it becau: we .
j stood upon the bank of the Mississippi, aud j
, c Milu uuw auu then see through tbe t ar rt our
ctlis
j bu n
! - . Tl . . . 1 1 ....... lj.v.jl VI H.c.,11.1 i . . .i 1- n n
scut h ii .ta I . IJUI.U 1- lilutCC
auity, and religion at least, ts I sav it in
:Hon peui.entiary.
I have seeu the men knocked down aud cuffed
about by these plumed officials, whilst-' a Hue of
bayonets wiredrawn up around tbtni, till my
j bayonets w.re drawn
; wry bbod boiled lor
vtngef nee, and many a
We were tlu re during that glo my period !
when s:ich d'Ss rs as the t .H " of Helena,
Port Hudson, Vicksbiirg and "Gettysburg be
tel our arms aad made every inmate of tbat
prison sad, but not doubtful, al hough sur
rounded by tbe Yankee menials, elated with
prideK arrogant beyond expression, a body oi :
tbe vilest soldiery that evt r bore an arm .
were taunted, cursed and abute vvith all the
fro st despicable epiihf-te tbat could he uttered
by. polluted hps, and constantly assured that '
as soon as the rebel "States were ,ui)jugatcdf
we, with all the vne traitors in tins war,
should. share a traitor's doom. If you humm
ed or whisth-d "Banuie BiueTr'l g 'or "Dixie,"
you were instantly tired upon, u wah a hor
rid oath, ord-red to go to y.ur quarters
So accustomed had the meu become tojdtg
ing these ditiies in the camp, that every one
almost was in constant terror lest inadvertent
ly Le should -iudu go in this pftstiruc, and
thus forfeit his li.'e. II. red menia s were co;i
stautly on our track, u der the guise of be
ing convicts, to spy out ihe v.vrds and actions
. ot the prisoners, h
! -almost our thoughts
of the prisoners. Soon we discovered that !
were known ou.side, ;.nd
I we became suspicious of one another, unless
J wf were well aopuaiuted beiore. l hus men
: wrc otten locked up in H.atiisome ceiis
without knowing the ctuse of their confine
ment, and made to spend days aod tights
upon the hard, rticli floor of life prisvi wnh- !
out a solitary thing to protect theni from t!i I
(l.'.mp.
You, who nevechave feit thu file, be tem
perate in your condemnation of tho poor pit
vale, who. after hhas been taxed to tbe ut
most of bis endurance, at last takes the atb,
and seeks a retreat from his sufferings, in
many cases, only.io escape, from prison, that
he may find opportunity to 'wreak his ven
geance on the authors of his misery, thus be
coming a desperado.
I was informed by reliable gentlemen, that
time aud again, poison had been administered
io tbCsick ; whether through misuke or-on
purpose, they did not know. It by mistake,
it wascihninil btyond palliation; if on pur
pose it was simply heliish. 1 know Ms how
ever, that so great'wrs the dread on this sub-
l ject, that many of ur men would suffer on atd
die tatter than consent to take their urugs
My poor li; tie orderly, one of the best boys I
ever knew, the son of a widow, died of sma: 1
pox, and so great were his apprchei sioas on
Statement
Of Col. L. M. Lwi8t Seeenth Missouri
fajitry, C. S. Araiy, fot more. Mian fourteen
mcniihs a prisoner in ihe hauda of the Fede
rals. - '
ihiiubject, that we corVl never prevail oo
him to take medicine. . -
The rats were absolutely so thick, that after
nightufall, we could scarcely put our feet
down withotU. ctushiuf them. They ran over
the men. on ihia blankets, wjuealed in their
tars and annoyed them almost beyoad endu
rance. Fer & long time the dead-house was direct
ly under one cf the rox ms in wbicW the men
sh pt and sat' in the day. Thea they Would
put a corpe in this house, that died ufsuia.ll
p. x. and it would remain there durtog the
hot weather, for three or four days at a time;
and so great wou!d be tbe stench arising from
the decomposed and gangrened body that itA
smbViJ the inmate j of the rcca aborts only a
p!ank floor inter veniiur and diof them into
the yard And when remove d out for bhiI'
lure, it would be so eaten by rats, and decom
posed by deciy as to Ire entirely beyond th
rower of recognition, and so dbjgnsting that
men . would laint" f.om handling it . It is
known bv many who were there, thai pt t
one miserable apology fur a coffin was br tight
Lack into the prntoa no lefts than 'en ttmvs ro
accommodate corpse, flsr il was secretly mark
ed, and afterward recogn'trd. A few ii-st-nces
.f ntive brutality will suffice to ow
the barbarity -of thf creiturci vrku extcuted
th ir'rr.ihis'erg'commards:
Oae day s 1 r stii dntg oh tha tdeps oi
ii y door in frnt -f my room, a guard it r.di
w.io ut wnvr, ( or guards war-, not only. sta
tiorud nre uud, but amongst i s.) as th tnu
wen crowded up to the dooi of ti.fc tunii:!j
r o:u I jr .tniirni.,rsel of iry. bread, loiuh
becuu I pc. touy. Asroou aa Ikcv sv tb-
relief approacH they dijdcd to ally ii.ftii t
pacs, but it va not d.-i-e a-iick nt.ugh fr
tlc-a ficud?, and one of tlrtm drew la.k u:!
gun a;.d struck several men ovr the head,
frhiug them to the ground, aud cursing the
. in the most bitter manner, and sayiug, 44 That
is the way 1 serve damned rebels this time;
next time I will bio your datnued brainout."
This, too, to men whom 1 knew as men of
wealth and influence at borne, and sons oi
wealthy parents, nob'er men than whom never
liv d. 1 pressid my bea'ing heart, aud pra
ttl for -, . I dare not suv wht.
O.) another occasiou, ms a uau was siltir.g
, in the ard, leaning against the wall, writing
to his loved ones at htne, some armed lutnaus
passed by ; he looked, when oue of tnem.
with a bla?phcnouoath, oidertd him not to
luok at him or he would put a buliet ilirot''n
,I:im. The man, astounded and confined,
still continued to look at the demon, when he
dtliberattly executed his threat, and the poor
- fellow rolled ever heavily, a corpp, weltering
in his fclOod. They pnssed on, the man was
buiied, and no in., re. was ever he rd of it ex
cept amongst the prisoners, and tho fellow
who committed tie deed was allowed t. go
unpunished, and I know not but that he w:
promoted for his gallant deed for many oi
my ;ellow prisoners cni ttstify that at .f ilm
eon's Island a private w. s promoted fVr t uih
lessiy mu rdc ing a Coufederate lii-er who
was doing tint hi ng but passing from tUe sink
to his block, and, because he did nut halt at
the order of the ssi'tined, was shot.
Another t fiieer was Mtting at the winlow
of his ro m lookirig out upon tho prison yard-,
and because he did not obey insl.n'ly the
C; -tt elefs command of an arrogant .inker
private to take in his 1m ad, was deiib.-.ratelv
shot. .
But why enumerate these revolting scenes,
or register furthtr the catalogue of dark ami
damnable crimes committed at Alton peni
tentiary ? Already the hearts grows s.ck
over the relation of such devilish deeds TI ey
would be crimes-in a SoKque or Mihoutet
, li ; but history will have to record tha fact
th ti the acme of Cruelty nnd 'oppiession has
been rear. nod iu America, it" ttie uineteent'a
century, iu the monarchy of Abraham Ljn
colu tiie Fiiet.
: Capt.in Mellon, ol Tennessee, who was a
prisoner at Alton fur more than tvvu. jeard,
at d who rs aped successfully dtirin' my do
tention there, was tbe recipient of some oftho
most cruel tortures and punishments ever
known the dark ages with thtir inrltire
rooms furnish scarcely a pir-tih i uuiy b.
j cause he wt uld reply when, forcing them-
! selves into the scier.y of prisotirrs. tit y vvcu'.d
j use ail manner of a bus j both of ojr oe oved
I gov rum-, nt, rentier' d doub'y dear, to u4 by
our impirsontueu, ami oi our leader,
was thrust band cuffed ami rnaniicied. iuto a
loathsome cell, aud kept there tor mouths, t
bleak his spirit, they said; and timing thzt
pciind, though worn and t imci.i.(d aod sick,
i hey wou'd not allow him the priv of the
yard. ThtH ihy e, fiotd him . iu a iittlo
roim tr.at ft ya.i cculJ Etu.ud in ti.e mi'Idl'.'of
sv d, by streUhing out his arn.s, could a'.vs'
tou. h either sid. ,'a!:Q there he wa cotnpe'led
to rem,i wlii'e the mi-eiHblc b'toketwhi :h
wAU.-td or ihe c..ll of nature, full of filth,
stoMl for dvs, sfirlirg him a'mo.t to it;.Tca
tion. Nor was he r-ibov J till bfe v aV al
most extinct, apd after long j r tiraoted de
li!, ry, he rticvorvd slowly, and with Jif2
cilty. Some four or five ladies were confine! here
as 'piiro'.trs, and tneir rMm was adjacent tif
am! on the seme rlor with, the deaf bouse ;
and, ia addition to the stcich from tho deati
house and other causes, they were coti.ta itly
imposed utx.u by tbe Yankee ffi jcis titpa
ir g upon their piivbcy. These ialics were o
good Iambics from the South.
The co nmandaut of the prison w as ,oie
Major Hendricks, CJ. - A who passed
through the Mexican war witnout a brectt,
and was-considered unworthy of trut upou
the battle field by h?s master, Abe Line In,
and j laced, like thers of his stain, " c..m
ma ds rt nn-vetl from danger, ar.d r. fluid ii g
t pprtu. ity for tyranny. He was a dyppe'.ic,
and, sured ty his disease atd for fears of
outbreak ijr the pris ere, bo did , everything
tbat a devilish disposition could invent to op
press and ai ny them. He with his at jutanf
aud other menials, emb zz'ed n.ore than halt
uf the money sent to the prisoners by friends.
Hundreds cau testify to ail tbe facts stated
above. ,
1 might add here tbat every device has been
cheerfully ent.red by the Yaokce officials
iu (tie YVtgi. to rcdoce tbe fople to the vaia
I.igc oi Ltt.coln. Tone and again v.vcs and
dbugfatets aid bisters Lave beu kVpt fur munihs
away from totir homes, and at Lexiogtao. Mis
souri, were compelled to wah tbt filtby ciotaea
for their soldiers ; yet undying hvStiiity still
burns in their breasts, and their avengers have
sought restitotieo in the tragedies of Law
mice, aud other places on Northern soil.
Just prior to the sacking of Lawr bee, thirty
ladies were . ooflned in ao old, rickety build. ug
' at KaBsas City, Misseari, and the tivttse fell ou
its iomtes, killing or tnainirg fur life twenty
eight cut ofthe, thmy. Yet what a fearlul yell
arose over the acts of Quaatrelb
At the tima of my eoufinemeut at Alton, the
77th Ohio iu fan try guarded tbat prison. It
w;ll be remembered by mauy that this regiment
ths dicgrac d br pubiio orders haaed from
Genenl lluell a headquartera for cowardly and
dusur Jly coudtfee ou tbe battUHiold of Bbiloa
UuQuing attheaJkaultof ear meu, they plunge
iato tha river and laado good their escape, aud
, one of this regiment avers that a Lieut. Moord
wh.i wan Protoat ifcrfibal of tlrlf rrf liCffl. ffW
six milts. Such mea, soldiers of the Confede
rate army, are put as gu irds t prisoners. Wbo
cbarrined at their own waot of courage Id ineet
men in open, fair combat, take special delight
in maltreating prisoners who are eonsigae to
tbeir charge
Many of my fellow prisoner will remember
that daring Cbc winter of S'i 'Gl, tbe Chicago
Times was roll of exptnitforts of cruelty praticed
on ear men at Camp D mglas, four aad five
shot per dayahd, as the editor stated, fcr
noting " By reference to the files of tbat pa
per, duriag tbe time above stated, one can find
an exposition-of conduct seldom equalled, never
tar. asied. "
Peihapa it would notlr.r amiss to .U'e here,
some .if the arts f cilr-ltv p?rpefr'ef in my
own State. H July, General Hind-
man crrVrntl (dt'tl Cockrell and myself,
with seven hundred tutu, to pf net' ate the
State of Missouri as far an possible, for the
purp. se of ob aining recruits and munfttons
of war, and to strike the Federals a blow
whenever we could do so with prudence. In
ohediet.ee to that order, we sdva'ioed to with
iu thirty miles of the Mi-aouri river, (starting
from the Arkansas river, it will W seen, by
looking itpofi the map. that this comptisesa
distance of urur throe butvirml u5ej In a
straight line.) Oi that trip we met on via a
after s!iiki:.g the Southern line of Missouri.
I did i see a hog; tow, ox or mule, and on'y
now aud then a house, thoutfi -we travelled
"through wiiut ws 'once a thickly populated
aud wealtny connliy. Town afT town wo
tvUiiu in are, and the .entire country a
waste. S. vtral oiricern vf my rciuu-ut lititd
iu this section ; their fathers bare lccn mtft
tiered H cold blooil. end their female relatives
O itragcdand insultetl. Oueoftbt.se old mer,
so decrpid from age and disetve that he could
sc-vrc.ly vr Ik twerdy sUp.-, and entirely iu
compe'ci.t of d ing harm to heir party, waa
ruthless! y..'-iurdered by his ofrn fireside.
. A sou of another offlcerof the Grnfcderate
army, a little b y about six years old, was
lhr Wtl li. :o the Missouri river and drowned.
Sirvtr.d young ladies of my neighborhood
have had their clothes set fire to whilst In
then, and one of there was saved from a hnt
nh tle.tth on y 1 y the inter fore -ice of a fai'h
tnl ucirres, wlio threw her down upon tho
fljor an ! extinguished the fla::cs.
Uobe;t Stuatt. w ho was high in favir with
the Lincoln gaverubieut, ttUtie a speech to
his men. t'.'llitrg them to go and burn tho
houses of the damned rebels and ravish their
wivrs and d tumblers, and bring their hus
bands and fa the: s ou. cf the brush.
A fclhw by tfc nino cf Mooulight," and
hear ng tbe ti'le of Lieutenant Colonel in the
Uuited -States army, took u yeui g man, who
hrvs at Odocola, Missouri, tnd because ha
wjuld nrt tell him where lie h.tJ concealed his
g dd, compelled kim to dig bis own grave uud
had h m deliberately shot on its brink.
A lady, whoso bu3b.iud I know well, was com
pelled in 1802, to quit her house at miduigbt
with her little children, in tht ir night clothe,
and when the snow was not lers than ti.: incites
deep ; m d when she begged tbat she might bo
permitted to take some clothing for bcr Iittlo
ones, to prevent them from freezing till she could
get to a neighbor's house, was refused, and told
tuat if any one took bcr into their homes they
would burn it und murder them. Afier rob
bing lur hoj-e rf 'I tbey c uld take eff, tiny
set fire to it, and she was dr.vm away by its
.light, with tii on to ciro for her or Iittlo
ones, dit-r husband beirg iu ihe atmy.
There was rv. flemishing and happy ne'ghbor
bo'd iu J ack-on county. Mo , where tbe peojl
vrcre weal hy itnd ever so hnppy till the iitv
lauders c imc there. Tbcy burned every houte.
i.tnoug the in two churchc-t one a Methodist
c'uurc i, tbe other a Prenbytorian which had
been bui't by tbe piety and liberality of tbec
people! iYheu these deiu ms were pavug, ojo
taid, " Tliis is old God Almighty's j-roperty, to
14 a d u secfhslouirt, aid a.atrm u-i; ie.'j
burn tie m," and suiting tbe ocCAimn lo ttie
word to blartphewiusly utter; d, there uoou iu
ila ue aul dontreyed.
You who read thi will excuse mo for re
peating fucli blasphcm -us language, f-r I
feel an apology is du; but I know no tlu.r
v ay of eon tug the lact.s and !t-tn;l.t in '.r
di r th tt you n ay have cotrn-.t vbuv of tito
characti r of tbote who Lojk ui.o d.ty to be
our im s o-rs. May Gotl iant e.rry dear,
S. tiihron, whether man,, woman or child, a
biispitahle gruVo rather th iu gnch a fate
1 do tot wish to kindlo vCngeanca in ti io
hearisi f my people, fr "vengeance is mi ';
1 wiil repay, saitii thv Lottl ; ' but I doiro
that cv".-y,rt..in who stands with mo inlhis
contest lor freedom tr.ay uudcrstatni whi be
fights, av.d.for what he contends. Though frou
St.iie h-iig since overrun tn 1 humiliated, I
bi.il i cherish iho bright hope tbivt Huk'iK'u
iLncc will bo outs, and regardless of results,
I am welded for life io ourhuMo cause. My
impiiaouuRnt haa only strengthenetl these ic
i-lvvS jn the breasts of RiyaUf uad fellov;.
txlb s. The wonder to ujc uow is tht w
v. e-.t'O-'-a: ff 'L'tf'. ci to live under the satin
g .vcr..n.e.il theui. roast Butler ij but
u typo of his kith aud kin, Frumfomeof
theirvlti -era 1 received ki d and gejtlenianly
treatmsitt, whom I wi-vu long to remember,
though they be encruhs; yet the far greater
p:rti n have not the kaufkiudly fetlir g for a
SNiUtheiii man. They do not want us to sub
mit if they c;n raise force enough to crmh Us;
tley fsnk nomas in the S ,urh to ontorse
their cau e if they can poibly do without
him.' Th. y lex k to extermination as a sevcuro
of Siuthru cstatoti and appropriation of thera
to their hordes tSfsecuUfor. A reunion with
us ss a people U the least tbi-.g ho pod for or
desired in Black Kepublicaa c'.rclos
One more rcene will clo?c these papera.
idjor Mitcheil, my & jnni:aary, was com
pelled to leave hu wife nnd tJtild in Missouri,
with an old man, who took oSarge of hi
faun. Msyjr Foster of the F.d.-ral army,
jut a detachment of hu riffians to his housr,
ir.d, iu the preserc ' of th; terrified and
screaming family, murd'ied hiji, aud left h'S
.ody to be interred by them as bt they ooulr
This utan Fcs'er wa one night walking down
uet t he street of Warrecsburg; Jobosou
ounty Missouri; io passing the house of a
tt'tutbera wau, he siw him eit.itg with his
if baaide the fire; beMFiatbi) drew a n&vy
utol, and, firing through the window, kiiled
.e man. So great were the tyrannies ptbO
b this brute, ibftt even the Union men
that county demand, d hia rriuTal, 'assert
g that he was doing more to prorokc oppow
un to the Federal Uovernmet than all the
ceseiooibts ouiu'oiuiHL
. In conclusion, I have only to say that I
-lt d prepared to prove eTery statement .cou
i: ed in thew pages by the very best author
y. 1 am sorry I sm compelled to record
rch act against men, but It only proves that
.1 teaching of Abolitionism, which ia only
.ttner name lor IridHity, iU prcdce live
me results in alj ages aud amuagot any
. . ople.
(Srgu.d) 'L.U.Lewis,
Cot asd ?lh llo. Infantry.
ADVKnsiTT. Affliction is the man't
t '.ning sceno ; prosperity contend h:i briiihu
. rays ; as night to . tr, wl.-se lu.-itre give
men.