6m
1
ElUToR.
jtf " Zertcr on Lutings of the Otice, to be
'nzicdio A. M. Ggrma?; d- Co.
WEDNESDAY, Jl'NK 16,:!S61.
We tj'-t teil hita Vl. Mc'tae) nud all the
, ?;..r nu-rcvnarv i-rvs t' Gov. Vance, that
.in- kirt art; as clear of treason . tlu-irsean he;
.J'l i.'iiit w- ere anu hav.; h.-n tiu-r t th- polish
than they have btr-n or c'aa b Italei'jh Stan
di June A.
Mr. il'-i -ten thin oritiraies, with the aptitude
i fa j vofesutial bM'cr, to blow hi.-: own horn
t'.w material of v:.i-'ht I niu-h a'w to th col
cr of gold, has not a g-nin of that metal in iU
c jiiipoition.
He calls us a " mtrccnury" supporter of
(i-jv. Varcc. S Ii cte-l .Mr. Ciay a mur
derer, a perj'irer, and a n1)!(;r. S( ho eal-.
.. 1 Gov. Graham a eo a'r 1, a d-vna-rugue and
an inorant pcr.vu. S. i; called Mr. K a l i a
: V!ia.)uc, vh j had diX"a-ed himself and
th. Staty, a.-id had fii! i uu I jr the scorn and
ter.tnpt of all horor tble men. So in like
tf r;M- lie ha.-j abased Mr. GiiHi'er, Mr. Kerr,
G..v. Manly, Mr. 5 d r, Gen. I) ckery, Mr.
Uu?, G..V. MotL-h-tl, Gov. Bragg and all
other ropfct ib'e, d".?it men id the iJtate ;
:v; 1 if possible, ne add'.l to ttij impropriety of
tiiis condict, th? gbauu'l a avowal that lie
m -.Hu'd uieij f r party purposes. Of course
v cannot cxnu:t to c,:apj our sh iT2. Wo
regret that ho pnr.-'i 's tlii.s course; and we
hold in reserve h-w far it will bo becoming
mil proper for a eitiz.-n to suirnit to in-fult,
v I,
re-..; th-' ) :i:: ol so:izzj.
t rr;.-.?es, we sh d! ro o;i -ear way. pre --en ting,
n in dury h)!io. -.vj ar , t'r: p- i'j'ic roa-jjas
vy the plc of tlii Sca, should not e'f'ct
lrt:i Governor; au.l .l-o to expose his injuri
es a:.d disloyal p.irp-.- a ninst th Confede
racy," as wo shall soo.o Ii ive, iu addition to
v.hat ve njw hive, ahundmt evidence to do.
Xov, re propose to meet him with more
rspeot than the accusation merits, in his ap
plication t us of the term " mercenary." We
r.k him to point out an itistance whre wc have
ever uttered a si-uK-oc ur exprei-.cd. an opun
icn fur pay. In mir defence, we are obliged
to p'iat to two instances in bis life, with both
! which the p;ib'i . arj familiar, which afford
ground t ) apply tiiat term to him ; though
v.v ary1 frank to say, tin circumstances did
i -t in cither case convince us, and -we have
T-.-ver so stiim ifized him. Wc mean when
he t k ciiare of the S!'taIard, on the 31st
of May, lv 13, and announced that lie had al
ways been a Demouatie Ilepublieao of the
5 -h I of 'o-'o when he had not long be
f. re ;ipplii'd to Mr. Graham for aid in pur-iha.-iui:
the " Sfttr," f; the nurpos of sup
i riir: thj '"VI1: p..rry, which he ever do
i:..:ninated T;:e Fi-:iK:AL Party. We were
never satisfied, th i: thli w ts a mercenary
t !:ar"', tit'.'U'h it iw always been a regret
vith us, that .v e .ald'nt e . the Salutatory
t:.it this ' D'-iiiov-K'-p ibUca'i'' had pro
pared for the pr-'.id. 1 l;e iiad been the
or-.au of the "iVd.-a! Whis."
The other oec:ishu. is that wlipn he quit the
s eiety of theOrijriisal f?i'eosstomts, imroediate
Iy after ho was dt't'.ated f.;r State printer. Tbe
p-irtinlar circumstances of this ehang'J arc:
thee :
Mr. IIoMc-n v.is ;i ppronal, conidrtntal friend
of .' u l;r ' Doujihi-?. They totl: cl ii uo 1 to be self
ia a ie ?.aee. :ud thtre It td been professedly a
s'n.!:; sjtnp;it!:y between the:a. Mr. Iluldea
i v'.io .ed, and ,.i:riouned. (hat JuJe Douglas
t!ie rubu- no-nince of the Democratic
5 "v.nition ; the rejresotative of the Union
"-Viit : aud that lireckirrri'lg'" had been put
ii: n ::ui;iti...n by ?ccsin indtitncos. Yet, ia
L.. u.'xi nnmber he ah;iadone.l Douglas, he
sv.T.porte i ilrcckiuriugc, h" opposed Mr. Pool,
"a i a Ivocate 1 the oleeti n of Gov. Elds, and
r- 'C.I vith i'i f' t' ON. .nui a t! vrqa i, until
-he t20.h d iy. of XoTeaibr, 18G0
t ..a he w;i, scUon j-,, r state Printer. Oa
M u lay Gov. IIIP.s delivcrsd. 'Oa
v .tar l.-y tae -4th h appeared witii tvro
c js- one catiiled lh Lection of State
Prhtor.'Mn whioh he h-.o-tucod his defeat;
:.1 the othor The -.,0rs Me-aqe, " in
v hlvh he d niouiieo I the party una -..eucrd
' I " ' ':-n3 XK " I jl tilAt j 'uruey into the r.iuv,
: th ise he ha I f.-i iaeily eahei suhinissionists,
1 nt which he afuo v.v.r U disguisel as Con-S'-rvatives."
Mark, vre do not charge that
i:;::iey "made the tu ire g , " because we are
c.-'t satisfied, of it ourself : aul we would not
rnke a charge f . r p trty purposes." Put this
vre charge, that these two instances of sudden
t elitieal change, are not so well accounted for,
t a at their author cm ail r 1 to question other
uvrVs motives.' or apply epithets to other
fvoplc's actions.
V.'e intend to do ourselves the justice, even
the hazard of egotism, to draw a parallel
K twecn Mr. llol len's c'.aims to patriotism, and
ours : and in that parallel, we mean to rely on
t.-iiuacny which Mr. Hidden cannot question.
What Does This Mean ?
1iuGvhUb .ro' State Journal has learned
t: at " there are scattered over the State,
' ar.k forms of a petition or memorial, to be
:jntd by the faithful" of the straitest
reqinsUity HuiUn to icithlraw from
Gubernatorial contest." What new trick
- u the chessb ard cow ? Is this move got-
- t:; to give the e'f-r.omin.tted au opportu-
:y to save him-elf fr.!n the disgraceful de
J he sees awaiting htm ? Oris it contrived
1 y II hlen, in order to enable him to chargp
t:-at the thing has been gotten up by Gov.
ance and his friends, so a5 to make a howl
e-r it ?
Ge i'gia ExchaJsgls. AVe cever receive
t-.e August Omititvtionalit or adumbns
- w.!3 Low-a-days. Yv'ho is to blame ?
Startling Confirmation of Mr. Iloldcn's
Disloyalty.
Golixbouo', N.C, Decern ler 12th, 18G3.
My Dear H"I.den : Eeelosed yon will rind
four dollars for Weekly Standard six months ;
direct to Needham Smith, GoMsboro', N. C.
Charles Parrnhe of this place has not received
his Standard for some two weeks ; if his
subscription has expired he wishes to re
new it.
I have been quite sick all the week how
are times now in Raleigh what do you think
of the sins of the times would that I could
see into the future and tell what ;tim3 the
crash will come, but come it must.
never can forget thefl'ig of a nation that
alw iys protected m and my property ; and
nrer can I loce one that oppresses my person
and tak" my property without &nnpensation,
like the de facto awl usurped Government of
Davis. Miy his days be few, and may another
Jill not his place, but the place of President
of iu all.
Truly, your friend,
JAMES II. EVERITT.
The foregoing letter furnishes additional
evidence of Mr. Holden's disloyal purposes
towards the Confederacy . It is a private
letter, but its treason ble sentiments coming
to be ascertained legitimately, it was deemed
to be the fit property of the public, by many
of the best citizens of Goldsborn', and was
accordingly placed in our hands for publica
tion. It is from an intimate friend of the
self-made candidate, addressed to " My Dear
IIolden.,, It performs the office of friendship
and patronage, tasteful and agreeable, because
of the material sympathy. After a natural
and familiar allusbn to the state of Health of
the writr, it proceeds, as from a pupil to his
tutor, to propound interrogatories for informa
tion : "How are times now in Raleigh.?"
"what do you think of the signs of the,
times V and thpn out of the overflow of a
heart running ver with genial and sympa
thetic sentiments, it pours into the attentive
ear of 'jMy Dear Holden"the following senti
ments : " Would that 1 could see into the' future
and tell what time the crash will come but
come it must." What crash, fellow country
men, was it thus so eagerly expected, that
the gift of prophetic vision must needs bo in
voked for its enjoyment in anticipation ? Was
it the crash announcing victory for our
arms the downfall of the invasion the
rescue of our independence and the salvation
of our own peotde ? Alas, no 1 We shudder
when we write. The crash that "must come,"
that was looked for and enquired about, and
that the writer exclaimed of "would, that I
could tell what time the crash will come," is f
explained by the closing paragraph of the
letter, underscored with all the fervid emotion
of true loyalty : "I never can forget the flag
of a nation that always protected me and my
property, and never can 1 love one that op
presses my person and lakes my properly tcilh
out compensation, like the de facto and usurped
Government of Davis. May his days be few,
and may another fill not his place but the
place of President of us all." .
It short, the crash to come, was the defeat
of the soldiers of Liberty the trailing of the
banners of the Confederacy the triumph of
our foe the unfurling of their victorious
tl.Ag-i-tbe extinction of our Government the
substitution in its place of the Yankee
Union the dea'h of our President, and the
inauguration in his place of a Chief Magistrate
who would bring under subjection our people
to reassociatiou with our invaders and de
stroyers Jn a word, the failure of indepen
dence and the success of the tyrant 1 1 I
To the contemplation of this delightful
crash, "My Dear Ilolden" was invited with
the impressment of an almost fraternal bulici
tuue. Yet, this, all this was treasou unmitigated,
undisguised, uaked treason the abjuration of
ail loyalty and allegiance to country, and an
avowed preference for onr enemies, and an
earnest wish for their success ; not to come
over us in the smooth and even then intoler
able way of amnes'y, armistice, negotiation
but to come with a crash an overwhelming
'crash !
And how did "my dear Ilalden" respond
to this epistle ? It was wri'ten on the 12th
el-y of December it was mailed at Golds
boro' about that time was received by Mr.
Ilolden, for tbe Weekly Standard, directed to
Needham Smith, GoldsboroY was returned
lOi olc yfour dollars enclosed."
What dkl that answer -of Mr. Holden's
y f Did it tell -k.uw are times now in
Raleigh V Did it communicate to "truly yonr
friend' what Mr. Holden "thinks 'of the
sign of the times?" Did it rebuke and
resent ihJ disloyal sentiments and the offense I
of euppoaing him to Tioic! congenial opinions ?
By the auswer to this letter let Mr. Holden
be judged.
It called (or a reply. It claimed ao an
swer by virtue of true friendship ; and with
out doubt Mr. Holden did reply to it; either
to sympathize with its tone and matter, or
else at le&st to admonish against its danger-J
ous and indefensible contents.
K
Before further comment upon this pew and,
to us even, strange and startling confirmation
of our worst suspicions, we shall await Mr.
Holdea's response. If it shall tarn one that
he wrote to Mr Everritt, and distinctly, how
ever mildly, reproved his sentiments, we shall
rejoice to" ick cow ledge our error and to make
to him fall atonement. But if he wrote anoth
er order of replyor if he received this out
burst of hate against our cause and sympathy
for the Yankee invasion, without rebuke or
exposure, then there can no longer be a 'ques
tion of the justness of our convictions ; and
there will remain but the single other ques
tion how long the' patience of our people and
Government are to be overborne, and red
handed, treasonable combinations are to riot in
the land ?
Gen. Braxton Brags.
Because we have not entered a defence of
this abused and uujnsly censured officer, it is
by no means to be assumed that we have been
indifferent to the attacks made unon him. nr
I 7
unmindful of his claims upon the press of his
Dative State to shield and defend him.
We had hoped that the. Legislature of
North Carolina, in view of the State's interest
in the just reputation of her sons, and because
this reputation is to he to her a source of pride
or mortification in history, would have thrown
the shield around this native born son of her's,
her chiefest and most distinguished, and most
worthy representative in this war. Most
worthy, because most elevated, and therefore
the occupant of the broadest sphere of useful
ness, and that she, his mother, wnld have
entered upon the investigation of the charges
which have been made and repeated against
him, and so elucidated the facts,' thatlcensure
would find fault with itself for the crossness
of its injustice, and malice would shrink be
fore clear, bright truth. But North Carolina,
unforfunately for her good fame and common -sense,
is otherwise engaged in this moment,
and in the earnestness of this absorbing "occu
pation, she affords to leave her best aud High
est soldierto the shafts of mal ice, detraction
and envy, confiding in the excellence of his
armor to preserve him from mortal injury, or
intending if he perish under the repeated as
sault, to do him posthumous honor after the
most approved style of grateful Republics, or
at least reverenee his memory with the mourn
ing which a step mother would feel bound to
prit oa ; or, if preserving his life he should
enly be mutilated by the wounds which slan
der makes, she intends to gather the remnant
of his fame in some suitable " almshouse, and
then nourish it with such demonstration of
cnarity as will satisfy her sense of maternal
obligation. Such being the employment ol
the State, from whom would most appropri
ately c:me the assertion of her own rights in
the maintenance of the defence of Gen. Bragg,
it is net unfit that the press should see to his
assailants, and yield blow for' blow to their in
sensate and unscrupulous attacks.
Following this idea, that North Carolina a3
a State should take upon herself to ascertain
the truth of Gen. Bragg's military conduct in
this war, in order that she might bring it
with the force of her authority before the na
tion, we are led to the parallel presented in
the fond aud affectionate lavish she has made of
her endearments upon an adopt of hers, Major
Gen. D. H. Hill, who with the instinctive sa-"
gacity of a half-brother interested in the
estate, hates Gen. Bragg with a Cromwellian
sincerity. We do not intend here tp pause for
the discussion of Gen. Hill's 'merits as a sol
dier and commander, or his sincerity aa 1 can
dor as a gentleman and christian ; we only al
lude to him at a.11 in this article, to show the
difference of esteem in North Carolina for im
porteei and native productions. Gen. Hill is
covered with renown in the Legislative re
cords, while Gen. Bragg.; (Heaven save the
mark) is without a mention.
It is not to be wondered at, in view of these
extraordinary vagaries of natural affection, that
in the same ratio as his own State ignores and
. neglects Gen. Bragg, that other States having
the pretensions of their own favorites to ad
vance, should detract from his merits aud abuse
him and this a portion of the Virginia press
does with a gusto to the extent even of bring
ing into competion the.-qualities of Pickett and
Bartou ; the one unduly lauded for an exagger
ated exploit ; the other unduly censured for an
exaggerated failure. We do not expect, such
were a vain hope, to withdraw the press of
Virginia'from its daily avocation; nor do we
desire it. If it be to their taste, let them glut
the appetite. The history of this war is not to
be written out of the chronicles by them re
corded. If it were, then vanity and arrogance
would ruin by their pretentious advocacy the
real merits of skill, courage . and patriotism ;
and Lee, and Johnston, and the host of brave
heroes and expert leaders would be shorn of that
portion of their glory which the association of
much other r.nd equal worth does Dot subtract
from, but contributes to illustrate. It may be
aunoyingto Gen. Bragg, as it is unquestionably
to his State, to be stung from time to time by
these ill-founded and unmerited aspersions
but there is compensation in the thought that
the virus is very diminutive in quality which
such stings contain ; and the corrective appli
cations of time and truth read'ly heal the
wounds, antl no scar is left.
It is not our purpose to enter into a detail of
Gen. Bragg's services. It is our purpose to
place his record before the country, as soon as
the' official reports shall be substituted for
certain qualities of this officer which neither
envy nor malice can disallow him.
He was an officer of the old arm j of first rate
position, ranking in public estimation with
Johnston and Beauregard ; aad he came ont of
the Mexican war rrith a distinction equal to
either of them.
He is a moralist of Irreproachable character ;
a patrfot of unquestioned integrity, unselfish
ness and devotion. His sacrifices for the coun
try have been as great as any man ; and he
walks in the path of public duty with unswerv
ing straight-forwardness. 'If he has not the
attractive qualities of Longs tree t, it is because
he is more a disciplinarian, and we think it now
hardly doubtful, whether the early introduction
of a severer discipline would not have been
humane to the soldier, as it is certain that it
would have beeown tbe highest degree beneficial
to the service and the nation. Chen. Bragg
adds to these desirable qualities in a com
mander, the possession of a high , order of in-
tellect, a quick and rapid power of combination,
a skilful conception and a fearless disregard of
personal responsibility; and we assert without
apprehension, that his true record will meet the
exactions of what i a requisite in a first-rate
military commander equally with any other in
the service, Geo. Lee perhaps excepted.
Ouriibject in this article is to py a gener A
tribute to a North Carolina soldier, untruly"
Hsperscd from time to time, an i to notify hast
assailant in the press, that a9 soon as a fit oc
casion transpires, his defence will be undertaken
with a confidence that the facts of history will
justify the high appreoiaffi'; which the "Presi
dent puts upon H's services, if they do not put
to shame his accusers.
And we have a further object, to evoke all
that can be said in his disparagement, in order
that his defence may meet the entire accusa
tion.
The KcserY6 Forces.
Mr. Holden, through his Standard, is eiv
doa-voring io.make some political capital fi r
himself, by charging that Gov. Vanee pro
cured or is in some way responsibl rfcr-caliing
out the reserve forces between 45 and 50
years, in so ne of the eastern counties, to meet
an anticipated yankee raid from NewWrn.
No one knows better than Mr. Holden that
Gov. Vance could have -nothing to do with it ;
.ut itturnished an opportunity fur his play-,
ing som- of his "honest arts" by au attempl
to do an opponent an injury, and to impose a
flse impression upon the people, and he re
sorted to it. What an "honest" man he is; to
be sure I Aad it is -becanse he is an honest
man, he says, Gov. Vance and his frinds want
to put him down.
But the likelihood of the raid has passed,
and the reserves have been sent home. Tbe
Confederate authorities, that called them out,
under a believed pressing demand for their
services, as promptly discharged thera when
the necessity was past. Can't some blame be
attached to Gov. Vance for this also?
But, as the Fayette vi lie Observer remarks,
if these reserves had not been called out, the
probability is that the yankoes would have
seen that the waj was open for that march
into the interior "of the State to which they
considered themselves invited last Fall by the
Standard. And then what would have been
the condition of tbe Duplin farmers ? Not
on! what crops they have under cultivation
would have been destroyedbut their houses
burnt, their negaoes run off, their provisions
and clothing and furniture stolen and destroy
ed. To be called from home to perform a
soldier's duty is hard for men of their age,
but it is not so hard as to be despoiled of all
thair property, their wives and children in
sulted, and perhaps themselves carried off to
a yankee prison. Events that seem to us to
be grievous calamities, are Often blessings in
disuse ; and it may be that this- is one of
them.
The Wab in Florida. The telegraph an
nounced, some days ago, that the enemy
had been tepulsed at Baldwin, Florida,
without giving any additional or explanatory
facts. Late information throws the light on
the subject which the telegraph failed to sup
ply. It appears that on the night-of the 31st of
May, a column of the enemy, consisting of
eight regimenfs of infantry, six pieces of ar
tillery and a battalion of cavalry, left Jack
sonville and advanced in the direction of
Baldwin. On the clay following they came
up n our cavalry in the afternoon, and drove
them from Cedar creek and McGrits' creek
back upon Baldwin, the enemy outnumber
ing us so greatly hat a successful stand was
out of the question. On the next day, June
24, our forces advanced from Baldwin, and
met the euemy between that place and Mc
Grits' creek. They were not inslinad'to risk
a fight and we drove 'hem back into Jack
sonville. Our forces then, retired leaving the
lines of the two armies as they were before
the movement. Oar loss was but trifling.
It is supposed that the object of the enemy
was to reconnoitre ourposition, with a view to
future operations. ,
The Spirit op ocu Men. The Wilmington
Journal says one of the Physicians of that town,
who was at the Depot assisting in dressing the
wounds of soldiers passing through, gives the
following incident : He was dressing the wound
a vory painful one of an officer, received
we think, near Richmond, when the officer re
marked " Well, Doctor, they did hit me pretty
hard, but how we did slaughter them." This
seemed to compensate him for all sulTerirlgr,
and he appenrcti io'tliiafc no more of his own
hurt. . .
A Dksekteu to thk Enemy. Harrison Saw
yer, company A, Thirty second North Carolina
regiment, was . com mi tted to Castle Thunder
Ricond, on the 8tb, upon the grave charge
of having desrtd to the enemy. He deserted
previous to tho battle or Plymouth, North
Carolina, and was taken with arms in his hands,
along with the garrisonj when that place fell
into Coafederate possession.- '
Gen. Kilpatrick, in a dispatch to his family
at Buttermilk Falls, New York, says that
although his wounds are slight, they will com
pel him to give up his command, and he is,
therefore, on his way home.. He was wound
ed near Sumcrville, Georgia, while leading a
ctvalry charge in the rear of Gen Johnston's
armyl
Col. G. N. Fouls:. This gallant officer
succeeds Geo. Winder in the command of
Eastern North Carolina, with his headquar
ters in GoMsboroV Col. Foulk is thoroughly
acquainted with tbe condition of affaire below
and will keep the yaokees straight.
9
Coi, J. R. Mracsiaox. We are happy to
learn frem the Fayettevilie Obtervtr, jhat a dls-
patch has been received in that place from Capt.
David R. Murchison, containing the gratifying J
assurance that his brother, CL John B. Murohi
scn, was not killed, but was in the hands of the
enemy, dangerously wounded In the head. We
trust that he will be spared to his family and
his country.
Telegraphic Impositions.
The R'chmond ztamier has an article
,cruplarn?ng most just) of rhe extortionate
:ha. the Telegraph csmpany ; and tbe
Mongo. o-ry Hail exposes its advances in
rharge, plKwing cxlorJton without parallel.
Some measures' should be taken to irreat the
outrage. As the Mail remarks, instead of
showing its appreciation of the late cSbrt
everywhere to put dowr prices, it raises its
rates one hundred per c.r.t. It is a noticeable
fact that this company has put op its figures
twjee, and each tp p doubled them, since the
last o! January . For iwtAi-cc, on the first of
January, when gold was twenty-five fo- one,
tbe prices of transmitting ten words to Atlanta
was one dollar at.d twenty cent ; iu two
months the ta.riff was made two dollars s:d
forty cents, and nuw when gold has fallen to
fifteen for oue. it has been raised Vtfuur dol
lars and eighty cents.
Thi s immense advance of rates is curtly or
dered "without one word d explanation or
apology to tbe public, aud without, as we are
advised, a corresponding advance in the wa
ges of its employees. ;
The Confederate Taxfs. Tho Rich
mond Sentinel publishes the following regula
tion of the Tax Bureau upon a point about
which there have been frequeut inquiries :
" B nds and certificates i&ued in pursuance
of the second section of an act to reduco the
currency and to authorize a new issm of
bouds and note? approved 17th of February,
18G4, "will (provided no interest fchall have
been paid upon them) be received without in
terest in payment of taxes, until avid on the
31st of December, 1894, but eot afterwards ;
consequently not in payment of taxes on sala
ries or incomes of the year 1804, nor in pay
ment of taxes on sales o? receipts lor quarter
ending on the last day of said year."
The Sentinel adds that the net " profits" of
merchants are " income' and taxed as such ;
consequently they, like all others who pay an
income tax, may uot do so in four utr cent,
bends or certificates.
The terms of 'the law on which the above
regulation of the Department fa based, are as
follows:
" Such bonds ami certificates tne &
cents are referred to. shall be receivable with
out interest jn .payment of all Government
dues payable in the year 1804, except export
aud import duties."
The Sentinel urges Congress, and we think
"with reason, to change the law so as to allow
the tax on incomes of 1864 and on sales of the
ast quarter to be paid iu 4 per .cents.
The most Excellent Grand Royal Arch Chap
ter ol North Carolina convened in Annual
Convocation in Wilmington on Monday, and
after a harmonious session closed on Wednes
day night.
1 he f- liowing were elected officers for the
er.sv.ing year: E F Watw n, M E II P ; Go.
B Waterhr-uso, D G H P ; S W llowlrtt, G K ;
D4 A Davis, G S ; Thos. W Brown, G Treas. ;
Tbos B C.rr, G S,c; T J B.ykin, G C H.
The M. E E F Watson, G H P, made the
following appointments: 11 v K W Beale,
Gmnd;Chaplain ; CJ Il -untrne. G PS; M
Bowr,, G II A C ; II Mahhr, G :M 3 V; D J
:Wll, G M 2 V; L C Turocr, G M 1 V
Alex Boon, G Tyh r.
We leara froni the Richmond papers received
vesterday, that thesituat'on of tbe armies
around that city, remained unchanged. We
save nothing new beside our telegraphic reports
-rom Petersburg, cr elsewhere. The tlichmond
papers are ia doubt about Sttuntnn, having
doubts even about' its capture. Trw fog will
clear away in a day or two, and the operation
ef both armies will be developed. We expect a
lively timo next week from Yankee raiders, judg
ing from the initiate movement on Petersburg.
We presume others will follow.
The Death or Miss Pickens, a Hoax.
A short time since au account of . a heart-rend-irg
scene at a wedding in Charleston, wis go
in; the rounds of the press. It wa3 assert,
rd that a daughter of Governor Pickens was
killed by a shell from the blockading fleet, at
the marriage altar. It turns out that trie
whole story is a hoax. It originally appeared
in a New York paper, having been furnished
it by one of its enterprising: lying correspond
ents in the licet.
Give thk Paper Cbiwit: We see in the
Wadesboro' Argus to-day, a "long Article o
ours credited to the Conservative of this eity;
and we have seen like , mistakes in other of
our cotemporaries. Per contra, we have seen
articles belonging to the Conservative credited
to the Confederate. We beg to be allowed to
father our own responsibilities, and not havo
the sins of others laid on our shouldsis.
Brio. Gen BavsoiT Promoted. The Pe
tersburg Express states that Brig. .Gen. .Matt.
Ransom has been . promoted to tbe rank of
Major General. We are heartily glad to re
cord this, for Gen. Bansora is one of the best
and must gallant officers in the service. As
we expected the General has reaped the lan
rehso nobly woo at Plymouth. r
The Chattanooga IitbeX having been driven
from post to pillar by the yankee , has now
established its base at Griffin, Ga., from which
point its first number was Issued on Monday
last. We welcome the the IUlcl once more, to
our table, and trust k' may meet that suppoit
which its sterling rneTtts deserve.
Wilmington Monet Ma rejlt. 7.30 notes
re current at $80. ' Specie has declined, itod
' 'ye brokers are bow buying at the. following
- ites : Gold, $16 for one ; silver, $15 lor one.
Sank notes Virginia, and South Carolina,
j2 for one. Bank notes North Carolina, $,2.50
o $3 for ooe; N. C. Tieasury notes $1.25 for
ne.
For the Confederate.
Head QtTAttsas. 15m Keoj-., N C, T. 1
In the Held, Jwn 5tb, 1864.
Editors Confederate: The following fV a com-
plett list of casualties iu the loth Kgt N.C.
Troops, Cooke's brigade, commanded by Col.
Win. McRae, in the eogagements of May 6th,
6th, 10th, 12tb, 25rdf and June 1st, 2nd, and
3rd. 1864.
Co A Wounded, privates Joseph E Stephen
son in head, E J Pe ete breast mortally, J W
Pate, ree, E 0 Marks hnd, 3 C Grant hip,
Juntas E Stephenson thigh, C J Johnson body.
Missing, private E Phelps
Co B Killed, c rjd J H Forbes and private
W L Scott. Wounded, sergt J B Loog in neck,
corpl J Ii Sikes hand, corl J M Austin thigh,
privates W W Alexander fae, J It Doster arm
sevrre. amputated. W O Long fw, J II Jittle
hand severe, W II Emtuond, J C Sikes head,
C B 8iks fmger, "R P. Summers finger.
Co B Wounded, privates J D Stegall in arm
and thgh. t3 M Thompson bt&d, M J Waters
arm severe, J W Iienton vere, John McDonald
Ana amputated, J A Irby fiujcr, J 3 Dickct
bead, J P McCorkle baud.
Co C Killed, privates A M Love and C
Jacobs. Wounded, lieot W R Hardin in head,
ensign J B Live severr, corpl V Q Kaaton hand,
privates B Barrett hand W L Blaoton hand, J
W Champion hand severe, J E lUmrick arm.
D II Ilamrick shoulder, M Harnrick foot cevrrc,
P G Hampshire koeo, E naot arm. 0 W K ng
foot severe, J C McCraw breaet, C IT Pannell
leg, P P Spake breast, C R 8iinpsm thigh
pevere, J R llus head mortally, A J Jn-kkrs
head, Q M BrggcrstatY hand severe, J M GobbW
head. '
Co D Killed, F?rgt J A Ri3'lc' and pri
vate Joseph H.itl.V. Wounded, capt T C
Counsel in hand, privates W Hatcheock thigh
severely. W A A'eal hip tevcrcly, L Hatley iu
arm, T B Marks in arm, W P C ok in hand.
J G Burnett in hand, S B Webb in hand, R
M Xeal in baud. J A Wicks in hand, F M
Riggsbee in fao, J E Rigiisl-eo in thigh, Jo
see Williamson in breast. G W Eubank in
arm, W P Gde in bip, W N M mre iu hand,
Henry A Mann in hip severely, J M Cole in
Lip, corp L C Black iu hip severely. Missing
J W Riggsbee " .
Co E Killed, privetc Rufu H Mooro.
Wounded, sergt W C Hart in Lren;t, curp II
Holden in arm, corp Jhn B Day in lhiiih se
verely, privates V II Allen m hand severely,
Jihn R Card in side severely, Lei Bailey in
hand, Dennis Carveru im left arm covertly
amputated, J II Frazier in hon d-r "verely,
WH Goswick in hand, Dilphin Hirriin
shoulder even ly, M. C Holmes ia arm, A L
Jenkin iu vhouldcr severely, W J Long in
right arm severely. Ii G Mi ton in thigh, J J
Wilder in ide severely. MWing, Jatrw B
Duke.
Co F Wounded, scrgts G Sexton in thigh
severely, A D Holland in arm, J B Hamrino
in breast, corp G D Sjvnce in fidc, private .1
M IUUard in thigh, T II Humes in he id. J "A
Black in head, W A Gdvelle in am, J Q Gil
bert in shoulder, F M Jordan in 4eft arm fe
.verly. A Mathews in thigh, John Mcl) u:ald
in fhoulder, J-hu C Mary in arm, J A Mock
in fcrcr.r and arm severely, J A Nord m in
breis -'At-rely, W II Host in knee, J Q Gil
bert by shell. W H Hust in hand seViHy,
sorgt S Paltcr.nn eye, private Mrtla Mttthes
neck severe, M RShuafleg, DC Uuet head
mortnlly.
CoG Killed, pjMates Henry Allen. Wound
ed, corpl H . II CTilliarn foot, privates W N
Harris head severe, X R H irris afro, eergt W
C C Gupton h?ad, W H Leonard hand neere,
c rpl J H L tigniin tMgh. private J S Oakley
nec Mining, Y G Smith.
Co II Kdled, private J W Harrin. Wound
ed, lit utDS luoiupsoc in shoulder, )rnats
M C C Pra Mir,w hip t-evMre, M P lUh rt hand,
1) M 0!Trtt hand, A P Bryan hrca-t. Wm Buy
thouldcr, II P Williams, shoulder severe. II P
Wil.-on face. Adam Wire shoulder.
Co I Wounded, lieut B V Hart nrra. fergt
G N Cherry lei fceveie, amputated. J C Bass
Coc, corpl R F Ricks head, corpl L Billup wm,
private W Black shoulder, J Collier leg. W
Fd-m urn, J Hirdvneck.W Hollow 11 shoulder,
A Jvrel! arm, II "Pate head, A WHlKllb g,
W Wotrell gro:Q severe. Pent B Y Hirt lee,
privates J A Uvm. misMojr.
Cv K Killed, privates M R Brown. Wound
ed, lieut II II Griifm neck bcvere, ergt M B
Pitt, arm and knee, sergt W 0 Fisher fnft evere,
corpl R I) Long hand, corpl J R Womble leg
revere, privates W Bartholomew hip and beel,
J D Reman shoulder. S O Dm eh'ul Jer, N
II Fih?r fice and ehoul ler. revtre, William F
Fradlo arm, B Gy bead, J Hill kne severe,
R Hinkle side and shoulder, J hn C Jordan
knee, D Koonts back J L-mg neck, very slight,
1) D Leonard in f ce. Dtmel Leonard in leg.
E J M wire in arm, D D More in face nvere
ly, ll'-nry Martin Ii honldrr, J W T Milt ui
In hand severe'y. .1 D Neal in hand, S R bins
io side severely, G W Thomas in arm, J Whit
ley in head, J E Yottng ia arm wvervly, W
.11 Landininieg, Bet j. Gay in had: Mis
sinu. H 11 Heart ley J A Hyatt and J Lng.
Recapitulati n. Killed no orlicers, 10 pri
vates. Wounded 5 officers, 158 privates.
Mixsing no officers, 8 privates.
- ..
CO. F, 12TH RBO'T. N. C. T.
The following is a list of casualties in Co.
F, 12ih regiment N. C. T., Jjhii-4'in's brig
ade, in the battles at Mine Run, Wilderness
and Spotxylvani i, on the 5th, 9th, 10th and
12th May, 18C4.
KilledLieurenant Nathan S Mely, ser
geant George W Davis, priv.te Myrick D
Duke aud James U Ravis, (the Utter was
killed bvthe. occidental discharge of a gun.
Wour.de'd Captain J R Tut nbull. severely In
hip and ride; corporal Peter H Allen, severe
ly in head; private James M Bobbitt, slight
ly in arm ; Thamas II Cottrell, severely in
arm; Oorge M. Duke, slightly in thigh;
Hubert C Montgomery, slightly infooi;Thc
H Wiliams, riighily iu hip. Mtsring Pri
vates Jacob S Alien, William E Darnell, aud
Daniel T .Woottaa. ,
At the opening of the campaign Johnston's
brigade was encamped at Taylors tills, Va.
on the R. T. P. B. R., which place it left
on the 4th of May, at 1 1, a. m., and marclied '
to Mine Run, a distance of nxty-six miles, in .
twenty-tbiee hours. No sooner bad we
reached that place, thin we threw nn breast
works, which were no sooner finished than we
had to abandon them, and attack the enemy,
completely routing them, and thereby sue
'Ceeding in turning their right, flank.
A R. P.,0.S.
Dlitorbance at Ylcksbiirg.
- The regular correspondent of the Missis ip
' pian furnishes that paper, with the. following
extract fcta a letter dated Canton, 2d Inrt ; A
gent'emun came out from Yicksburg a few
- days ago, who jsaya there was a great, fuss
there last week Some negroes insulted soma
.ladies,' and the citizens undertook to punish
them, an 1 two or three of the citizens were
I killed. The Yankee skiers then turned in
- on the negroes, andf s'ew them fore and aft."
The troops reported as landing at Yicksburg
were some of Banks' men whose time had ex
pired and were going home. They got on a
general " bust' and thus added to tho distur
bance.' '