From the Richmond Sentinel-
The I'oTiiii; jmt was aduptct by the j
House of nqT?c:it;itives in the niit seRi n
of Fri A .1 calm aid elcvaed, but v;o- j
orous prc5?i.titi 0:1 of the facta which explain '
our connection with th? pei.nieg war as a 1
frank but rcar.!;.- rtccl.s ration of oar de-ire for 1
peace an1, our tradi'icss to. exclude it as a j
valiant, lui u- asUtd d claret; -n of our I
ability to matrtain the war, if ih enemy t
shall p.ove nnwi.!.;..; f -r peaces and as an
exrrcc?i n of onr re!i:te cktern.b-ation to I
die ratla-r tr...;. I"- ':.'.q';tre ?, ai I f our him-
fcle reduce o:. t--e ci'ii'i:..; d f ivi r el lle-tv-
cn
ti.is i:i:ii" "o ' t Cc-i'r, cin;v-t he
with' u
filrt. I'.spircl by a le-
cent
t r i' Ot f r ihn ; :i i ns of nv.ir.kind, ai d j
;nr.w!-d a j o.i! ility to thi se'iti- j
nt of l.urti .u.ty ai.d justice, and an blii'i- !
ckn
rcent
tion t- ; ny r -gxrJ t.j m-j peace, of the
world ;id the. ur.crcrLs of commerce, the de
clara'.i a of C-:.ir. rs -jtIU everwhere appeal
to k:n,;iel id .u.d, it is to hoped, will tend
to seru.e a b-c '.aiu re.-p .i.ft. At le.ist the
world shall k: .w. :md his cry shall record,
that if other natics are delinquent in their
dutk - to u., v.--. Lave d :e wj harm to tliirs;
and that if h'M.iw..t. is outraged and the pacc
of the wor'l bruke:., in the very blnze of civ
ilization and i'i trie p'-esnoe of timid or
list'.f;- rati r.-, the pe p!e of the Confederate
State- are in:; nt. It is not improper to add,
that t; e 10 ir-i'Vl i he production the Hon.
"Vn.. C. liivis, of Y:nrii.;a. As the i.na-met.d.-d
i.tt ;a:.ce of ne of l-.is reputation,
pesiti a , witla-uirhed pubic advice, it
will p -5s :;d iiti jr.nl weight and value from
the av.u "f h's nam:
Jo"! rtf iler!arin-j the lipo-itlom. priuet-
j'c i. ?''";" of the Cviie'ierute State in
ri-j'i'i t't t-ie tfiitiwj icir tcith the United
,'nv.v.r i, it is due to th creat cause of human
itt ar.i c;v:!iitor, ai.d t-spvcialir to thoheroic
eaciiucrcs of th- i: rillant army ia the field, tkut
n riioaa.,cu:s' stent with q proper eelf-respect
and th a:-; rovti u-gr? of nations, should be
omitt-.-i by'th-i ('n federate Statei tjtniiht-n the
putiic 01 Iti- ju of the world with regard to the
tru cl.a: a tf-r of th-stra.le in-which they are
eE'i'i, i-'.-A th di?j.-i'.i n?. principles and
pu:; i-.'hx which it-y are actuated; therefore
li'.Aii bv the (.'onres. o the Confederate
Stat-.i o'" Am i ;a, Th it th . following uiani:'eto
be irciivd iii thvir name an! by their authority,
and that th: I'i evident b? requested t cause co
pies thereof to b- trar..:aittcd to our coninii;
jioaers abroad, to the ecd that the saincjuiay ba
laid before loi ein Uotci uuints
MANIFE-To CF THE CoSGRFS r.F 'rtlP.CoNFXD
11 II ATE ?TATt F AMERICA RELATIVE TO
THE EXITlNi WAR WITH THE UNITED
f-TATts..
The Cotircrs of the Confederate Stat s of
Atr.crica, avkaov.-icdtmi their rcspon.-il-il'.ty
to the opit.'e'ti i.t the civilized world, to the
gicat law of Cinistian philanthropy and to
the Supremo Huier of the utiiver.se, for the
part they h;.ve bttn compelled to bear iu the
sad Mvclavle of wara:aicar::age which this
ceutita tit i.a. for the Ut thiee years, tx
tib.tid to the tyis . f r.Hlictcd diumanity,
deems the present a littiti occa-i-n todeclaie
the prii:cij--les, the semiaiems and the pur
poses by wsi.ti tla y have been and are btili
actuated.
'1 iijy Y; cvi r de pi 3 deplored the neces
sity widcij cotistrairie.t tiit m to take up arms
in dt.'er.c . titvir ririts and ,f the fri?c in
stilultoiiS dcrivtil fim tlair anctstors; aial
th.re is i.o'hinj; they m tu ardt iit'y desire
th.t; p air. wl.;. ver their C!:t-ity, byoeasirg
1'rm :!.e u:.i.aii"'.vcd jr waed upon them,
Lai i p-.rmii ;:.e::; to wy y in peace the thel
tcrin r ;rc:i.ns of t::oe hcrtditary lights
aud cf ti.'-?e chcr:.d:rd irstitufions. The S5
ries of su x s-vs wi-h winch it has -plt--a-ed
Aliail.:y C-!, ia so a V'nner. to b!e?s
cura.m- i u almost evt-ry pvint of our invaded
racrs ?:r.ce thv p. :ir of the present cam
.;n, e: al!-s us to profess this desire of
pta 11. the intrust cd" civilization and hu
manity. v.;;ht. ut darker of having nir hu
tives uii.-iiitei ; rctel, i r oJ the dechiration
being a. rib-d -o any unmanly sentiment or
anv d ttn.-t of our
i.iiv fu v to maintain !
our
Ci'iS-. 1 '.e rrpaTco ana u;sasirous
Fl' . . . J I !..
checks. fi.-had wirg u'thmte :iccomtiture,
which ti..I" gimitc ajiny, directeii against
tLe c.. it.i! ot t'. e (.itev!er::cy, h;.s abend-
. . .1-..! . ..... 1 iv . h ...tl...n. f ft. . . . .
'. , .. ,,- . , ;
provaa-i.ti ii ,-iicJt ss' s t-. r us. V e do not refer
' . . -
to iLt-H'.-iiaviMS in anv stunt 01 vain nonst-
, 1 , P , t
ing. but m Miii. an riiii w.egmer.t if that
mt rh'v protection which -has vouciisajra ;
. u v . 1 .c i.i ,m
uuu "ram o ii.ti!. )
The world mu.-t now see thate'ght millions
. . , . . - , 1
, ' . , 1 .
: ri.i.i 1 iiii I
gmto feel that huma.a y has bled ),mg !
eugh: tn.-,t tears and blood and treasure
CL.o'jg!: have t. cn expended in a b.xtless tin- '
. - , ., . . - ;
ucrtaxi. eve-nng un-ir own .ami, no less ;
tuanur, nutfa P dl of mourning, ami ex- ,
pcsn.g tnem far m.-re than ourselves to the ',
1 . 1 , , , :
cata,ir.pheof mrmc.al cxaaustn.n and ban&-
rui toy ,,t to spea.c of th. l,s of their i
hbcrtu, ly ti.ed.sp. iism engendered in an ;
aggrostve wartareupoa the ldxr;ies ot an-
f. i 1; 1 1 ? o ivn il j
oiLer and kiudrrd people? Vv ill thev be '
-;it:.. i - i . . i -
. , . .... 11 i
t! pt Ir ss contest, tamake this continent, i
which they so I tig b ased to be the chosen
-Jj-Av cf liberty and sedf-guven.ment, of pe ace i
ant: a ti..h eiviii.ati. u, t'.e theatre ot the !
trA , .,.,. ! nr. i . i- i - , , ,
Iot c iu. its- and prodigal effusion of blood t
. . ... .
rned n;
These are questions which our adversaries
will decide for tlxmselves. We desire to
stand acquitted before the tribunal of the
world, as we!l as i:i the eyts of omniscient
justice, of any responsibility for the origin
or prolongation of a war as contrary to the";
spirit of the age as to the traditions -and ac-
kra wledged maxims cf the political system of
auarua.
On this cc-ntinent, whatever opinions may
liae prevailed elsewhere; it has ertr been
luld and aekr.owUdged by all partiesthat
gotn;ment, to be lawful, must be found on
the consent of the governed. We were forced
to dissolve our federal connection with our
form
ht as
c ates by thc-vr aggressions on the ,
fciti
!nnw!!iA . P."001?'. viA OUr impact of j
, r S. o-n1 i" Tg "- tVe,eXer" i
ed a nht con.-ecrated in the jrreat charter '
un
ci
ot American hbert the right of a free peo- !
Ie, when a government proves destructive of I
the euds for which it was established , to re- '
cur to original principles and to institute new I
witli varied rc.- ui crs a; id such numert-u.i v u . j u ,T . - ,
r . .. ... , , rerreoees men aud (jirah;.ms (Petersburg)
. iaci.itifs tkr ue.ei ce as ti e re:;iguant bounty , t r , . . u , u i .
. , 0 . . J batterv, hir tour hours, who lought bravely,
ot n.uu.-f uz bestowed upon us, and animat- u,. . ,i i., iu
, . . . 1 . out were ninny com oeilru to l.ui bacK beiure
ed w;t . r e spirit to encounter everv : pnvaipan . r.- : !
i ... . , . . . 1 1' ii' miiu" ihi'hiptco. i riii;in;i;a rj i lil-i
ana .-:.C: :i'.,e t J ta-e, laalth, ot property. . a : i t '
f .... . . , , ' . tlictert senuus loss uooa toe rnemy, at-d Gra- !
of h.e nl! t rather than be degraded trom toe , hamV Batterr sh,l!ed tli masses of his men i
c:r,uit',:u of trteand .n-iepetulent St.tes into ; wUh aflfljn4wc cir,rt. O ir m.n retired iu i
. . . i - - . . -'11 a? " 1 . - ., ... t V .
, " , , v.' V"' , : cd upon a blooded stet-i, no d .ubt stolea froi
re, pse ::ito t1;e barbarism cf the ruder ages, : someA Viri(lia getitleTnan, in one ot the rcce,
Tiv ruY11 censt.tutioi.ai tree- , raidsarui c.nild l!ol reiu hU auimal UD j
'it 1 IIH r a. ..vi.T- &f .a'-irnaa'iB.rtVa. It
" - .iiv7 ursiii-js 'i USUI pul lo.tr i
guards for their security. The -separate in- t all their white Yankees frm Gen. Beai 3
titpeLdence df.the States, as sovereign ai:d gards front in Chesterfield Tuesday nif-i,
co equal members of the Federal Union, had and substituted negro Yankees iu their 8tl 1.
i.ever been surrerdered; and the pretension Yesterday morning our pickets over tl re
01 i'pi.irg 10 mueptnuenc communities, so
constitute I and organized, the ordinary rules
ior coercing ana reJucmg rebellious subjects - Atncan 'scent. Be it so. If the elegant, fce
to obedience, was a solecism in terms, as ' fined and fastidious Butler, desires to ach e
well as an outrage cn the priccip'es of public ; tbe reputation of a warrior with such tro s,
law. 1 it i r" : - prevent him, ho wt er
. The war made upon the Confederate State i
was, therefore, wholly on? d Hgre.-f-i in. J
On our siIc. it has been stricrly defensive. j
Born free men, and ti e descivlai.ls of a al- j
lnt aii'-e-itry, v have no option but to tan j
up m defence of our 1 .vaucu n resides, cf our
de: - eeratcd altars, of our vi dated liberties and
b'rthright, and of the prescriptive institutio: s
which ruard nd protect them. We have
no; interfered, ntu-do we wish, in any manner
whatever, to interfere -vi:h the internal peace j
and prosperity of tne States sjrrayed in hos-I
tility against u., or with the freest dcveloi
ment of their destinies in any f'rm of a:tio!ij
or li?e ojf p iey th.y miy tnink proper. tCj"'
adopt fr themselvts. All we ask, is a like, j
iainninitv for o-.i-mjIv- s, and
undi.:.urb d enj-iy merit of t
rigifts of 45 -fife, liberty, an J
to he left 111 the
those inalienable
the pursuit of
happiness," wj;ich our common anoestjrs de
clareti o be the qu il heritage of ali the par
ties to the social co.npact.
Let them forbear aggressions upon us, aud
the war is at an end. If there be questions
which requires adjustment by negotiation, we
have ever ben willing anRire still willing to
enter intoconginnr icticn with our adversaries
ina spirit of quity, and manly frankness.
Strong in the persuasion of the jastice of our
cause, in the gallant devotion ot our eiiizen
so'diers, and ol the whole body of our people,
aud above all in the gracious pp.tectiou of
Heaven, we are aot afraid to avow a sicere
desire for peace cu terns consistent with our
honor and the permanent security of our
right?, and an earnest aspiration to eee the
world once more restored to the beneOceut
pursuits of industry and of mutual inter
course and exchanges, so esseutial to its well
being, and which have been s gravely inter
rupted by the exigence of this Unnatural
war in America.
But if our adversaries. jor those whom they
have placed in s uihoruy, deaf to. the viee
of reason and justice, steehd against the die
ta'es of bo:h prudence and humanity by a
presumptuous and delusive confidence in their
own tiiimbtrs, tl.o.-c of theix black and
foreign nercer.arin;, shall determine up n an
ind- tir.ire prl igatio 1 of tho content, upon
; them be the responsibility of a decision so
ruinous t thctOauives and s.o injanous to the
interests and repose of mankind.
For i'ireivs," we have no fear of the re
sult. The wildest, pictuie ever drawn of a
disordered imagination comes short of the
extr?v:igafce which could dream of the con
quest of eight millions ot people, resolved
with one mind ''to die freemen rather than
live slaves," and forewarned by the savage
and exterminating spirit iu which this war
has betn waged up m them, and by the mad !
avowals of its p.ttrons aud supporters, of the
worse than IJgypdart bondage that awaits!
them in t !.o t veiir of tl.eir snioii nation.
... j
Yi;h these declarations of our dispositions,
our principles, and oar purposes, we commit
our cause to the enlightened judgment of the
world, to the sober lefl.ctiaus of our adversa
ries themselves, andwo the solemn aud right
eous arbitrament of ileaven.
From the Peterslirg Express, June 16
From the Front The Kncmy in Force, i
j
The enemy are determined to annoy our
j-o?ile with all the me.ms aui appliances at
their comm.icd, if they cannot elfect our sub
jiTgation. At tiiis timetbey are threatening a
half diizm or mre localities in Virginia, rp-
quiring on ihe part of the - Confederates ihe ;
exercise of all the vigilance necessary to j
vatch closdy t:.s movements of a crafty and
insidious fo-.. Out o'A'u imme3iate vicinity
v,--.s again menaced yesterlay, and at several !
p-i'.its by such a show of force, that it A.as no I
duubt the intention of ihe enemy to have- ef- j
fecb-d an entrance into the citv, had he been
permitted to do so.
At early dawn our citizens we: caroused by
the" discharge of artillery, the sound of each I
cannon being distinctly heard here, aud com- j
, , -. . , ,
er.cu y was advancing in f,ree; ana evry man
able to shoulder a musket, did so, and iitced
to the fortifications.
ot attack, was on the City 'Point Iload, at a
r t . . ,
astauce of six or seven mdes irom town. At
, , .. , . ... .
anearlv hour tne enemy a tranced with at
, . ,-f , ,
1 , .
valrv. 11 non son.' hre.nr w.irk? thrown nn
hastily during Tuesday nigiit at Ia!or's
. , r . . . , r
" nil a-i
good ovoer, ar.d sustained but ten caualUe.
.win iii; nil- 11 'o. 1- i-s
oU ,;a ja o ,
UiJabird, but w-ki.
rr;,t
il'iriua the hcrat. It h stated that Graham
ienre of the horses
know not that this is
Theent.rnv demonstrated at other points .
a!o Qljr ,,ut his alUcks wer, ,ehU j
i ,1 - ?
ami eastn reiailsru. . i
,t L lim our sha s!,V)ters dif ad i
nnraMe cx,cutioIlf pickiuE the enemy off t"
wherever 1)C showe;, , imself mml goJy
' , r . i - i .
stances at a distance which appeared almost
: . j- k- - 1 , -
incredio.e It is estimated that this elective
arm ot our servine. nlacesl not pea fli:in mrtu
anice,
e'rav
V ZV
Kees norx du combat along our tines yes-
' e n , j "
unmoor was a fellow who rode into our hue?
, ,-u j . v- u
& ic ii ii i.-'oi.i ii mni'.: a& bv i i- 'iiFiiiu i r
iiu u t
fact, the fellow was a poor rider, and let g
the bridrc, and hung on to the pommel ot th
saddle with as much tenacity as a driiwnir
man would a drifting log. Some of ihe pri;
oners stated that they belonged to Burnsidt f
barr as
C0TTS ' We
ble since it
corps, and asserted abu that Buruide, tl
was at City Point with bis who ?
presume it is not very furmid
was pressed into service oa t'-,
very secoud day if Grant's fearful eucount
with Gen. Lee, aud has been engaged tv
since Burnside may probably expect to w I
; some laurels around Petersburg, but we c:
. assure him in advance that ho will pay de; ' -j
ly. for them. Our authorities are aorOth . a
ever alive tq the importance of defendi'i;
Petersburg, and should the invaders r
their attempts this moming, as it is probai!
they will, a vcrv different reception aw
' u":.u u t. . i
en s-r
tended
'
rR0M chesterfield..
W nndirtAiid that: th enemv witbdr ijr
were surpris&tl when day dawned, to
-k:
themselves confronted by soldiers purely ; of
muc, -ve may o!j-ct. Hu w! en the actual
conf -. td. p enjne, it wj be a sad day for
the : tablHsons ,.f M rs, and their burly lead
er t-1 , if h should take the fisld.
lAT ; 1 DEEPER AT Ft FIGII riNG-- TIIE XNEMT
C Z vRGE AND TAKE A PORTION OF OUK
B J :ASTWtHK.S.
r
lij 1 above account was written at 5 p. tn.,
yest j jay afternoon, when comparative quiet
had ; reviiled along our lines for two hoars or
mors aud it was ihj general impression that
thj Ltii g had ceased for the day. In this,
out op.; were mistaken, for it was ascertained
bel -j.t dark, thai the enemy had jnasscd a
ve heavy force .11 our !e!t especially on
tut A ty Point and Pric-ce '-George' Ccrjrthouse
roa J.i.
.. sunset the enemy charged our batteries
coi oanding these roads; c miug up in line of
ba f t: si x and seven column, deep. The biuat
of i' e assault was sustained by the 2Gth and
4C t regimenu, of Wise's brigade, and Stur
di it's battery of four guns.
i ireo furious assau'113 were made, the enemy
co ing up with a yiell, and making the most
uc f ujiucu eiiuris 10 crry ine worKs UurJ
in o iulcocu 1 ii-i.ii luiiui ; vpuey
ea f iiai, sending the columns back, broken
at discomfited. The fourth assault was made,
by; such overwhdm'ug numbers, that our
fo g e found it impossible to resist the pressure,
ai.jj were compelled to give way. The enemy
rnf poured over the works in streams, cap
ti d three of our pieces, and turning the guns
oirur men, opend.upoti them an enfilading
j cry, arn we regret to near that Lnptai
h t self was captured, and t wo of his lituten
a g s wounded, bolh of whom fell into the
e ary's hatds The ga'l ii-t manner in whicir
t 5s buttery was fought, up to thelat moment,
is -die theme of praise on every tongue. All
) sent, with whom we have cnversed, say
t Capt. b. and his men stood up manfully
their work, and the last discharge was
de by Captain Sturdivaut almost solitary
I alone.
The city was filled with rumors last, night
i aiding the kiilfd and Woundid, but as we
' dd get nothing authentic regarding names,
. foroear to g.ve them. t It is generally con-
led that Capt. Stqrdivant was captured,
: 1 d also Maj. Ba'te, of the Petersburg City
tt;dion." e shall certainly receive more
finite information during to-day,
The position gained by the enemy is a most
V'portant one. Our Generals are fully aware
. this, and we shall undoubtedly have hot
i jrk to-day.
Oilier rs in the field yesterday estimate the
imb rcf the enemy actually seen fronting
;. iTerent p-rtions of t-ur line, at from ten
t ous i.-.d to twelve thi usand. It is ielieved
-.at this is only the advance column-, and
at Grant has nearlv his entire army ou this
f.leorthe river. Thirty odd transports as-
nded James River with troops yesterday.
Twenty three prisoners" brought in la-t
s'-ig'-t, belonging chiefly U) the I48th N. Y.
.i 'giment,' ali concur in the statement that
: uhly Smith's emire Army Crps (the 18th,)
: on tiiis side of the river again. Or'ner pri
i -uers, tr.ken yesterday morning, state that
' aey el-.ng to Burusid'e's Corps.
.1 FIGHT ON THE UAXTER ROAD THE ENEMY
KEPULSED.
Aii ofiicer engaged, I urnished ws at a late
hour Inst night, with a bri-f account of an
engagnieut which occured on tUe Baxter
Ik Hjd yesterday, about lhre? miles from this
city. It sterns that tiie enemy appeared oi.
this road near the residence' of Cul. Arr-ry
about twelve o'clock. Immediately in front
of li.v.tery No. 10, was stationed the Macon
(G?o.) Light Arriihiy, Capt. C YV. Slater,
supported by a portion of the 34th Virginia
; Regiment. Wish's Briga 1c. The enemy
showed himeil at ones; driving in our pick
ets, and plaining a. battery in front of cur
works, with which he opened a furious can
nonade. IIij v.-ar. promptly and gallantly re
sp?. tided to by the Mucn Arlilfery. This
fire was maintained for tw hours, when the
enemy charged our works, but after arriving
witiiin two huiidhd yards of the fortifications,
wr.s repulsed ,ith considerable Ioj-s. The
artilleiy se::t round after round of shell and
ca;idst'-r into tiieir ranks with great rapidity
and accuracy, aiid the work becoming too
warm for them, thj t r -ke and fied in con
fusion. ' ,
T:.ey weTe pursued by the 34' h -for some
distance, who poured several galliug volleys
iuiO their ranks.
Amciig the dead left ou the field in front of
this batt.-ry was Cd. Mix, of N. York, who
seemed to have been instantly killed by a can
ister .hot in the breast.
About sundo.vu the eneniy entirely di.sap
peared from this portion of our tines, aud re
ti:r;a d to thedtft.
From the Petersburg Register of June 17th.
Affairs in the Vicinity of Petersburg.
At suudown ou Wednesday evening, affairs
looked glumny along the line of our entrench
ments. Fiom early daybreak till past six
o'clock p. 111., the e.croy wer kept at bay.
Heavy lilies of skirmishers made repeated at-
tacks, always with the tame disastrous result.
Battery V. o, situitcd on Jordan's farm, was
all day a special object of the enemy's atteutibn.
It mounted four guns, two manned by Major
Batte's compacy of tbe City Battalion, and two
'belonging to Sturdivant'a attery. Their re
peated repulses from this well-served battery
caused a cessation of their efforts about 4 o'clock
p. tn. but after that hour they received rein
lorceixicutg, which euaoled them to out flank the
few gallant and "exhausted defenders of the
post. Soon after six o'clock a h;avy charge
was made in front, while a larg-e body succeed
ed in crossing the breastworks and placed ojur
troops beneath a cross fire.- Without reserves
to fall back upon, or muskets to defend them
selves, a precipitate retreat -was the only alter
native. Four guns were captured, and Major
Batte acd Captain Sturdivant made prisoners,
besides some officers and privates 'who were
wounded. No blame c-n be attached to the
troops who were thus overpowered. For a long
summer's day they have defended their post
without food or refreshment, and only yielded
when flanked and overpowered by an overwhelm
ing force of fresh and unwearied enemies.
At the same time, the enemy succeeded in
carrying several other batteries, and at night
fall all our lines and batteries from No. 1 to N.
14, were in possession of the enAy. Tbe
capture of .battery No. 5 unfortunately gave
them a position from which fhey could shall a
portion of the suburbs of tbe. city.
THURSDAY MORNING.
True to their fiendish instincts, which set at
naught all t'.e courtesies cf civilized warfare,
and following the unhallowed promptings of a
malignant hatred to the Southern people, they
commenced throwing shell into Ihe city at an
early hour. Availing themselves of their tem
porary advantage, without giving the slightest
notice, they burled their, shrieking missiles
amidst the homes tW helpless women and chil
dren. For about two hours these messengers
of death flaw fast and furious, but ah over
ruling Providence baffled the villainous de
signs of these would-be murderers of unre
sisting non-ombatants. There wcie no
injuries done to the dwellings and but trifling
fi I' which caused them to leave precipitately.
13 I -j j. j; .
j j.- uns rapiurcii ueioogeo 10 oiuraivant s
I j t ar,f regret to heir that Ciptain S
casualties tth- persons ot ouv citizens.' A
few kheilas frlb TkJ Uvt explode, ir th
neigh boi hood f u-e- South CuVim Ikspiu:!
on Yi,viiii,gt,B irareu. O.j Main street in
Bland ford, ner the Curtmro .1 KiW.l lwdl
passed through tlx frame bouse of a coloreo
... 1 W W - A
uan namea Hatpravr, domg no damage hut
displacing a few i&che of weabfcr board
ing. e hope tb maik will allowed to
remaiu unrepaired as a specimen of tie
lankee mode of winning our affections atd
restoring, the Union. Iu tha same neigh bor
hood, a shell exploded as it pa.-ftjl tifrougo
theuou-eof Mrs. Nawi who wa seated In
her back parlor wiib her infant iu her rap; a
fragment struck her oa the head intiktiug a
pamfii!, but not seiiou wound, w'.ich did uot
prevent her from walki. g into, towu fo 7ed
icl asbistancc. A number of negroes fled in
afiright from thHr iw; iiiugs but aniy one was
hurt .y a fragment tlightly bruuMng id.nrui.
About 9 a. m., the shelling ceased. We hir
our troops captured the uti from wi.icb it
proceeded, but rather think tbe advance of onr
t loops compelled the i-ieu v to remove ic.
From 10 A. M. to 4 P. ll the h, avy boc-m
of a slow caunouade could be.dLtinctly heard
along our front. An officer from the field ?n
funned us that it was an artilkry duil -to
that hour f 11 A. M.I.
made to recover the works taken by the eneray
on way oetore yesteitiay. it would be im
possible to select the "true from tho false,
among the floating rumors of the day. The
following facts we learned from gentlemen en
titled to credit. Capt. J.-hn C. Pegram, -Adjutant
General to Gen. Matt. Iiai.sim, was
mortally wpuoded by a ball which entered
his abdomeiiiid parsed oiit through his back;
He ws a sou of Capt. Pegram, C. S. N., and
a gallant and esteemed otlicer. Abut nan,
the enemy attacked the militia posted at Mr.
Avery's farm, -and. after a short contest
compelled them to retreit. Report says
they " lost two killed and thirteen wouRdcd
We may learn the particular before goiurr to
press. Maj .r Archer in command of 'the
militia, was wounded in the left arm.
A gentleman who reached our works on the
river bank about noun, informs us, he found
them unoccupied by tli-j eoiituy who- had lefr
after spiking the giioH. The rille pits, for a
considerable distance were also in. occupied.
At 4 o'clock, A. M., our batteri -s from No. 5
to 14 were iu tho hands of the .memy, except
No. 9, which had been ret;.keu iu a chirge
made by the 59tltVa. lifoirueut. -
At the present hour, 8 o'clock, P. M., a
battle is raging along the centre of our liaes -probably
at batteries No. 5 and 6. A cou
rier to Headquarters, r sund-iwii announced
the gratifying intoliigtncu that our troops
made a general advaia-e aud drove the enemy
before them, recapturing all or ue.irly all t'.f
our batteries and iinc of breastiirks. It is
difficult to substantias tke fact", but we cer
tainly btdieve the statement to be true
We have had a couversati n with the gal
lant commander of" U,e mi.itia, Major Archer,
and we are happy to s'me his w.amd is a flesh
tne andtlieoouo uuiojured. He slates his
men were exposed to a ircmeudous .-heiling,
mingled with showers of mii.nie balls, which
Was borne with great firmness for a length of
time. Being ordered to change their position,
and whib in the act of doing s. , a s'iied !-li
in their midst causioir s-'ine .confusi.,r ami
lo.ss. Mr. Thomas So dt. .aud. Mr. Nathan
Hoag- were killed, the bo4ly of the last bc-ing
within tho enemy's line was not recovered.
TKS O'CL CK, I. M
We have just le rned that from 1500 f,
1800 prisoners have been taken. An" instal
ment of 400 his y.it passed tip town, s
miu h is certain. We take the balance dtf
upon trUat. - -
A heavy cannonade is still in progress, ar.d
occasionally -with sh;irp mukclry. Solders
from the front state. uK)n our advam-e the
enemy, abandoned the entrenohmenis which
ur troops immediately occupied. The cne
my sremmgly regretting their precipitate re
treat, made several endeavors to retake them,
but. wcr.' repulsed imd severely punished. A
large number surrendered after very liit.o re
sistance. A shell from the cut toy's batlerLs explo-.
ded in Blandford t'u's a'term on, and killed a
negro woman bclon-iiug to Mr. A. S.Shafer.
11 o'clock i. m. .
The last arrival fn ni t'oeront, states that
the enemy is vet iu nossession of Battel v No.
9, and that Ba'ttcries 7 and 8 are unocctipicdO
by ettner parties, ihe enemy hafe suflered
fearfully, iid on our side the loss has not
been small, but all is guess tvork at present.
The valley'of . tite App -matox, on yester
day, was so enveloped in smoke that personal
observation frotn a distance was nearly im
possible. It is stated ihat Fort C-if ton joined
in the artiller3' chorus and sire ltd the enemy
for some hours.
AN INCIDENT.
There are eleven commissioned ofiicrs in
tho first batch of prisoners. Tho privates
seem very much figged, but very saner.
One ottered to Oct $100 that G rant would be
in Petersburg in 'ess than three days. A lad
standing by remarked. "It is probable he
wouii. just as ho had c,iait a prisoner.
From the Petursbarg Register of Saturday.
Qn es'erday, at an early h nr, the etfemy
vigorously charged Battery Nn. 10, on our ex
treme right, they were several times repulsed,
but at length succeeded by a flunking move
ment, and captured the battery and a p rtton
of -the force which defended it. We learn that
part if two regiments, numbc-ri ng not lessthun
two hundred men, wete taken ; but up to this
hour we have been unable to learn what regi
ments they were. Some say of Bushrod John
son's old brigade, others lh it they bt-lorgod-tt
Wise's brigade. We hope the aftair is exagge
rated. Col. Page of the 2Gih Va. Kegiment,
was mortally wounded at an early hour and
died a short time after.
In the early forenoon there was heavy firing
iu the neighborhood of. Fort Clifton. We
were informed that the troops stationed at
that portion of our lines were Lrbdcly engaged
and finally repulsed the enemy.
The militia were ordered fnm the front.
ann the ortJer irom Ueneral Beauregard re
lieving them spoke of their services in very
complimentary terms. Tney are now en gaze
in guarding &c, on other poriious of our tin
deience. ,
The number of prisoners captured daring th
past twenty-four hours, amount to four hui
dred and twecty. Twenty-two commission
officers, from Colanel down to Lieutenant, le
this morning for Americus. Georgia. .
The enemy still occupy Battery No. 5 - and
slowly spelling the woods ia his front. Abo
every two minutes his guns belch forth fi
and smoke,but there is apparently no rep
from our artillery. There was hut little firi :
after three p. m., at that k our all was apparei
ly quiet along our front 4
i From three to five o'clock the firing grac -ally
increased. At the latter hour, Battery
5 and 6 ceased to fire, and the tide of bat
rolled southward. The spaae iu our fr t
covered by the batteries numbering from 9
12, comprising the line occupied fcy Hok s
division now became the sctne of conflict ; ' e
artillery firing was very heavy, and as the ene yi
1 1 heavy fas ltndc commune i h id wns
rd u jtil , night eet in. Jug tg frym
iif.r..ig Wis stationary .if.d ta- cn;iv
t,-d JUtle or nothipr l. tr.e:r sevend
jghUrg.
earn d from an fl&jiil.- s,n. at five
tht a fierpe auack upiii our rxlrrmn
b-en repu's-M. B it we did not learn
u.t or ine conmct, which w.m rigmgat
v-'clock. We have no fearof thi result,
mot c-tifid'n,0 prevails at headquar
Our iroopi:ajv ai-fly sufti.ient, jd no
tensions of tl e enemy's, alvance seems
Entertain, d by ci:r c'.i:2$.
11 o'clock rt si.
e closed the ia.-t parngr.'ph, a terrific
na le commecco, a.d for the first time
' -.remitting rd) ot siiiall arms w.v ilU-
li -anl all over the city. ljr about
quarters of m hour the bu.I- raged
nearer our corpotate limits than ercr
; but the steh born vakir of our brave
i prevailed aid the enemy r-j driven
ar.d all the ground we ls duricg the
vas recovered.
. Tabl, of tin 59' h V. rsnv;nt wa3
on a litter with a flesh wound in his leg.
.s fnm'hi'ii we learned th gratifying
d the enemy's blod repulse.
app
to b
cam
the
iinc
tl.rc
mti
bef
tro
lai
day
L
bar
It
1.1C
' K L EG U A P il l C ..
F POUTS OF TflR PRESS ASSOCIATION.
Front Richmond.
Itrrnvoxp. June 17.
J' dispatch from Gen. Lee tm the Pr.-?i ?nt tbie
.f-v -v M a L
foi
ihf
. tio
be
1
Tr
in,
wi
iuuu y: a; e;even o cioc-JC last nigbt we took
ireastwork? tt Howlett'sfrm nd otlwr por
ofthe line, the battery at Hewlett'
r reesUblis ed.
rvessIsh ve been sunk by tke enemv on
I s beach. So fteaiutrs are within reacft, be
hind the monitors.
aie tightb : near. Petersburg this nmrniar
loutreault. (Signed,) R. E. LEE.
HECOXB Dl!PATCII.
- ' IttCHMOxn, June 19.
ithontic in -rraati m of Sheridan's movement
been reef ed. He passed through U jwlin"
n Thoisd-, and arrived at Newtown, Kin?
Queen count v, .veterdtv, where it ij repotted
was asiin.attackefl by Hampton. Sbridaa u
!entl-aiming to reach Gloufieslter' point., Lis
:on train is reduced to twenty-thrre wftgoni.
oners taken coui'es.i a thorough defeat of thd
edition.
o official dispatches received at the War De
tinent to-day.
1 - -
Froa the ATlclnity of P? trpsborg.
Ricmmo.i, Jme i8.
'he yankeF-shavinjr b?on-"!rirfn f.tan the Rait
id nt Port Walt hit I Junction las' nihti direct
lmunieation with Peteretuig will be rfsuined
s morning.
G
at
h
c
w
P
e
T
c
t
The Latest from Prtcrskur?.
"3 PKTEusncBB, June 19.
Trant s whole army are in front of this place it
of battle. More or less fightip r ettrv dar
oe ednnday. The emmr have ben genr-
repulsed, gaining little 'or nn ground rinea
dnesday, when they got within a uiilo and a
.1 ot th. citjr, taking some of our woiks which
y, still hold. Occasional shells hare bn
owiriutn the city, doing, however, but littl -nage
The en-jiny yastrdav attempted an ud
ice on our lines, but our troops onmd upon
m with artillery and musketry, inflicting a
s upon the enemy eju.il to anv fthe camiia?'n
ie enMiiy atno tone got nearur lhaa four bun
d yarda ( our liff.
To-day there has ben some cannonading and
avv skirmishing. Tins j.o ple of iVterVburtr
quiet and resolute -all al!,; to b ar arms bv
i in the aervice. The balk of rant's army is
. the south si. le ot the Appomatnx
Giant's new base i at City Point ojn Jamcg
rer, twelve milt-s distant fro'ta P tei r-but". The
'-'"i.v havo erectett a in.i-nse )berValorT.
out twelve mil8 below IVicrsburg, from r. hich
observe operations h-reah'tuts.
Advices from bynchbury s.iv, the enemy have
en pursued since dnybrealc, (probablv Satur
iy) and that we have captured throe piccca of
-tiler y and two hundred prisoners.
From Gen. Johnston's Army.
Tbkei! Milks West or Marietta, Juna 18.
The enemy lias moved a laige number of his
rces on our left ; cin:;or..id.ns: aad mmketry
onstant, amounting altimst to an i-rgsgeinrnU
Rain continues, which i-nnd-rs 'kc rwnds im
assable. The opsrationi indicate that our lrft
ad ceatre will be attacked. The aratv is in
plendid apirits" and ready fr the attack A
IfUfrter come in this morning drnk. Hut fer
casual iea yesterday on our side. Streial pris
oners captured this morning.
HSC9ND DIiiPATrH. "
M akirtta, Juno 18.
Rain has been fa'ling heavily ad incersaotiy
the greater part of last night and all the' meriiing.
third dispatch.
, Makistta, June 19.
The enemy to-day are rhiftincr their ri'"ht
throwing it "further towardd the East. lnforra
tion from undi-ubtc-d source, sav their troops are
much dishoartencd'and demoralized, from recent
numerous defeats ana tieknes.
Deseitersin pquads of ten to-day are constant
It coming in to our line or leaving for their homes.
Skirmishing contiuued to day with nnimfiortant
results. Koarts heavy from recent rains, which
retarded military movejnents.
From the TraHS-Mhsissppl.
" Mobil 1 June 18.
A special to the Kejjistei1. dated Snatiba,
-.June 17th, tays, Mi.rpani with his forces, estima
te 1 from 3 to 5000, whipp d G-n. Ilobson, and
captun-H .his wh.de command at 1500. at Cvnthf
ana. Frankfort was attacked and the barracks
burned. Th? attacking party was repulsid. It
is rep-rted that Bu rbride routi-d Morpanon th
12th, but the report is not credited. Wild excite
ment' in Tjoaisrille. Morgan dispatched to the
city authorities that he oald attack. The Fed
raf force is inadequate for defence. Gen. Stur
gera reported arrested by charges Irom Orierpon
SfcCOSD DISPATCH.
Cliston, La , t Modilk, Jane 18.
The steamer Progre, loaded with thirteen hun
dred bates f cotton, was burned on the Mis.Mtsip
pi ; no lives lost.
Ex-Mayor French of Sew Orleans died en the
14th.
Thursday night our batteries .attacked pe
staacier Landi and another transport loaded
with troops, and stt nek her ten time. Thrae shells
exploded fn her deck. She hoisted a signal of
distress, and a gunboat c-trae up and towed her
off. Yankee cavalry from Port Hudson pursued
our batteries, but a few shells drove them off.
From the Iforth nnd Gen. Lee'.
Richmond, Juno 18.
The N. Y. Herald of the 13th ha b-en received.
The news is unimportant. Gold closed on the 12th
at 199. A dispttcb from Gen. Lee last night,
says oar troops assaulted and carried our original
Ksitions near Bermuda Hundreds, with slight
se on oar part.
The enemy n .-ar Petersburg, made an attack in
. force late yesterday afternoon and we repulsed;
about three hundred prisoner were captured.
Fros Lynch bo rg
T Kicumoxd, June 19.
It is reported that the enemy are retreating from
the vicinity of Lytfthburg. Four pieces artillery
and - wo hundred prisoners captured last evening.
From the 5orlh and Enropf.
Kichmosd, Jaae I.
United States papers of the 16th hare bees re-
ceived. A Ulegraph from Lexington says, ltur
bridge defeated tbe rebels at Cynihiana on the
12tb, killing three hundred and Uk-ng tour bun
dred prisoners.
Macimfllian arrived at Vera Crux 00 the 2Sth,
and would proeed at once to the city of Mexico.
Grant has cOmm need a new campaign agairst
Richmond on tbe Souths de of James river, with
bis Headquarter! at Bermuda Landing.
udvj
toiiti
cur .
jr.d ;
boui
' V
righ4
fbt
niaf
The
ters.
8tursreV H-Natbr P.rfe.t is conflrrjei olcia
ly. It m.' a diractrrut dif -wt.
!ro..-in fIvicco tt. 3 14 r that Lin.isny'a
tnetjoxi for a rcjosfultio-' 'f th? S .latlivn CMfe.t
eracy, pojt.pode.1 uatil tho )7tl. It id re
ported thit Napsleon list int two CommUti'.ncra
to Atsciic.i, to repoit the ptcv;i or the wr
and has roaewd his propoUioi to rlugland t l
inake overtures fur a cessation of tli carnage in
AuierleH.
The L'mdcn ConfeMnoe prftpositiou, tlJt U.d
teia and Southern pari 8chlcavig ht ufaoh-sl
frona Denmark haibeott rejsotei by the lat-r.
Gold on tho 15i.fi at Ntn York t.pne4 aid
closed at 1973V.
secoxd nuriTCn.)
PsnruRtraa, Jnl?
The Kpiv has northern dtten to the 14b.
SUactn rol-jrjpb'-d' to l)it, thtt ftwrbridgo
telegraphs th it hid a fieht, Ustin? ac hv
with Jack Morgan, at Cynthiana. Kv., va.th
12 til, Completrly routing 'Morgan, killing three
hundred and wounding nearly a nmnj, and cap
turing nearly lour bvdrcd priiners. rjurbrid
K 'a loss, OX.0 l.undn Z rv " r. "' fre-.
d-sp4th iirthr .s. art Hying in aH .Iim c-tiont-Live
thrown awav th.er 'arn and ara out
cf anuiirnitioTi nnd wholly oemorAllx-Hl. Morgan
had previouFly whipped HoJbn, CAMinanlir.g at
Cynthiana, capturing I5fH priofk
The carrespoydent of the ew York Tril,
writing in regard to the fight of Jna 3d i. C!d
Harbor, says Tbe KetfhneuU enagji alt -lct
from one-third to one half their consund,.
Gold c!od on thelhirteenrh at lftS
Froai. Fcternburr.
Parr.itocr.0, JnneSO.
Since yesterday uotLing of tr.-at interf-t ha
Iranypirott. To-day lh re bj j;iO xv.nf can
noaadiog and also so.ne&li gut s'tVrmi'Uiag. Ws
terday Gen. 3feads seat a ll ig of truce to G.-n.
Beauregard, requesliug pesuxitsiju tc ba.y his
dead, which was not grant. d.
The City Council to-day held iK-eting 4ndi
sent a committee to Gen, Beauregard, t ask ad
vice in regard to the femoral of noa-couibataiits. .
Gen. K. replied that no notico hd been given by
the enemy of his purpose to shell the city ; but it.
would be prudeut for those who could to lra e tho
lower part of th-j city, and few tke Wkuuea aad
children to. remain ia the ceMars.
Very few nh-Ali hvj btcn thrown into th city.
To day, Graut' linej reached from James river
aero tLe Appomatox to withiu two miles of tho
Weldon lUdiOAd.
The rnemy at this writing aetro to b-j moving
towards the Weldon IUilroad, Our Gvuei al wilt
douiles b. prepared for tbeu.
Advices from Liberty this taorning, sav thai
Hunter had b:n pursued through that place
that he was lefreating towards Uuford Gap ia
eoDjklerable disorder. Some prisoners had heen
taka aad pore doubtlesn woiid bo.
From the Yankee Raiders.
Richmond, June 2(7.
LTnofTacial infornatiun f . Lynchburg, statea
that the yankecs Wf re overtaken in their retreat
at Liberty, and a l.-irg? number captured,.
. Sheridan is rpoitodin Hitnofer to-daj, moving
towards James- rive;, with the remnant f hi
coiiiiaaud. The capture of tlfc entito party u
coiifiJently expected.
From Gen. Johnston's Army.
Marutta, June 2(.
The ent-iny's cavalry made a dMon?ti-ation thi.-
moruicg from Uig Sh.tntv towards t'a.itou, on'nur
right, were met by adivison of ours, when thev
precipitAtely withdrew. OuT anur is bing
daily 1 vinfeici d by the Veturn of the slightly
wouuded and convalescent troopj.
No croaking or. ci itic'nm of the rn-.v, l ot dm
g.vj'.twt tM. fiSesjcj maBift-sted br ofIieer.y ai.d tea
i.i the espacitics'at;d ultimate succns of tjeae.'al
Johnson.
Death of Col. C. H. Arcry.
We learn by a private disj atrh ju.xt rec-ir-d,
that this keroie officer breathed hii hto."Hu
urdiiy. And thus the Stite hs loft another
Clithful ton, aad the nation a devoted patriot.
FnoM LvNtiinuHo
Tho eticmy on Piiday were at X.w Indo ,
txvehe ini'es frm Lyucl.bar. .1 o tho
hlagc; road frcn that pi ccito LihtiJy. II .'.
tpr crossed the Mine 11 .U pmbaliir at P.it
foni's Onp, aid has aj; r.:.ehc I ami fwun;
arouud Lywhburg. uotii br bad r.-ad.cd oa
that day,, the oint ,bovo nai. ed. 1 y e
l;'lttlvet frm Lynchburg. Nw Lid.r,
thuitgf, c.f siiiall pou'.uti.oi, ib ot e f thu
.oldt towns in tlic fc-iatc, and wm ornv i)p
Heat of t ' -rtni ry aiterwurd r in -vul to
HarvTers Ferry
Whetlptr Hunter will vitit.iie to a!tok
Ljrchf)tir,..aid what will coiuioi' it, it-nia; is
to be (ir en. Some puppoi-e he will jirc iVr .
move on Jnville. 0;ir pro.icu in that
quarter urn vrry hiilisf.ictny .
- - o - w
Iiir iO"ant SaMt. V invito att(-r t!n to
thp list of propt-rty advottiv! f-.r on n xt
Ttiesilay, by M'Mrs M. n hoa I V Si'Tiin.
A rare chanee i lit r olh-re-d thct: w ii.ii; to
biiy furniture, musical inrtrtiiHents. tiliiln-o-
pnical a i pant us,
1 a a. "
. Obituary.
Died in Salisburv n the I3th of Juno, Mrs.
.Makia il. M. H'iwlh ion', whe oi Maj. Thomas
IIiiTrcrton. in the 65th year of Lrr act. .
The ubjct of this m.tioe had .i1!:red for many
years, but bora her suff-rins and t i a la with a
meekners aul chi istian (Wtiiude whirb nothing
but the reliffon of Jews Chri.t n inipai t. Her
many sterling uslito-s of h ad and h-rt li-r
exceeding amiability, hv never fading lib-raiitr
and unbounded charity to the poor and al.l'.cti-d,
attracted to her iai ge circle of friends from fell sta
ti"tn in society. 'o worthy p--r fin "ver app.ied
to her in vain for relief. Tried through the honr.
ordeal of advemty aad afliittion, her many nobfo
qun'ittes seemed to shine with a brighter iu.ti c.
Tbronch many year tf pain and sa3eriBgtLt re
signed bsrnelf chVtrfully and uncomplainiag.y to
her Master's will. A devoted wit, a fond and
doting mother, a meek and lowly CLrlstian, sbo
has b;en released from the trials and troubles that
beset us here, to enjoy immortal blirs in a worl
that will have no end. Surrounded and adutija-.
tered to in her last moments, by htr burnd,'
children, and grand children, she pasd trom,
atsong us without a parg ; and sick tv slefp ia
the arms of Jesus, as e,ui-tly as tne rue Iraf (alia,
to th- ground. She leaves a huiVnd and 15 va.
ehitdrtn to mourn their irreparable loss,
jane 2M2S-dAwlt Com.
WAKE
rpiIE FHKRIFFALTX.-Weareamhorlxedaid, .
X requtfted to anno;yce H. HIGH, Esq., aa.
a candidate for relciion to the offict of Kbcriffy
at the election in. August. jo 17-tde-d4w
TO THE VWZEXS, SOLDIERS AWJM?.
ruansz of pjjsq'uotas: gqvstt.
J are author iz-d to announce GEO.
W HIXTO.V, a CAndidate to represent Pas
qiAoXaak t-uaty in the next Hou-ie of Coiamoni.
ma 10-8dtwAwtt
fiTthcTotcra ot"CaUi b7n County.
lELLOVV CITIZENS AND UIIOTUEI
V SOLDI ER.S liy the rrqueat 01 uaay friends,
1 anooance myself a caildidatt for h her iff ol
Catawba couuty. It ia well kncw,n that 1 hava
beep a ddier for nearly two jtars; and ibould
bettected, ansl escape tV9 dangers' of this sam-.
mcr's eamiialgn, 1 will endeavor t eyvtc you tp,
the best of toy ability. Ian tryl iu , hopes to,
hear of a tarat niajoritr in favtr of our obedient
servant, on Uf-rat Thursday in AuUkt uexU
am youp son od brother, "
CALVIN HUN SUCKER.
A private in Co. D. M.lbt's i:Mul.on, lately
arsif:iHd tn Co. 1, 4yth N, C. Uc?iue't.
june U-'-wt