THE CONFEDERATE. ;
i
WKIttESDlT. a A BCD 8, 1?65.
Z. . I"'1 I I
,,. U-,!,,i.,Sio.,,vi ,he o.pt,,re of C ,
. 1, norr - r N i r ivi fill t
li i.i. -is. i
.1' . h:eh a'e bZ'-nrd in capital letter,
1 1 J . :
I -
j0 .ij.j-ear-i to Le. It fct-iii thit a r.-kii by
',lJ' , , . . . , A '
i nu.e liuoiti e V-cc-n or tr:al .zU.y, ,
l" , , . . ,
V'. LV:rf Justice Cx-kjurn. for a v:o!a- V
' , , , i
11 " , . ,
...u. ;
jp.j Crated -v narp-r, uu pj. ami wnn . . , , ..
" . , r . . , . t, ; to looK trre iterant ; Init both armies at
.-.frrs stih U-vm-iHi- tne .uro cf the ;
. c . ... . . ent are mud bound, and unaine to
. r , , i FROM fellERMAX.
' u U .i iru ctil u it hi.i-.f Ir.r'htr sr.trl'it
.-t orive at Sh-rfSe s-.M one o: tnt-ir gun- . ,
- , . , i t 13 Paul that Gen. ace H iin? ton reported
i..tN tl.t V'c'-r,"to a L-nd.-n fi-m of the! . 1 j
1 ' . , Ms force ti c-i:sist.of four C'irpj of mfantrj;;
vi? a ?n.a i craft, i f 00U tons, 350 horse pow-
fir c.rrf SX UUi'1?- ilea "-' j
rr, i. .i i r.i -v I
ah i;t U. he traT'..ied iLlo a merch ALtmari !
, , . r
Mr. r.UiKi le wh m ha rr.or.d, by way id
. , . !
ei; rc?.-H! ir.s ti."r..i:ri coLicmp i.-r w-c-
1 , . . s
Lisr-d a character. cilf '-ti.c per.tn KntntMe,
. - ---. ' !
.i!..uerh.nt-ri.i i.n.c.i ,
STvice v.as detailed c M:prsntend Hie .
. i !
tru'.-ri.u ri'K.n. One uint. alter fche had,
. .
;. , v .I4 i vtt
h.,.r , l. T.,i.ny s ''
1 1 n , J cr.an.-cd .rem '
"Vict . r" to -?cyIUt" ai.d on she mt io
C.'ais. When he jpil there her name was
a?ain chni..-d into ,41 ip ahatinock ;" fcr, by
this tiuie, had beon huu-ht hy a Mr.
:itKrv r.-.ir.rj, ati! ban bent by him, so'd
l ti.e "I.'ehel p.erits.'' Ii due course, the
Cor.f !t-rat.- th w.is raised on tie "Rapphan
t.o. h." acd oSijvrs. in Confedeca-te uniform,
wa!ed hr ksf aLd she had a crew.
,'t. r the "U t: pihi.r.ock" l a been a few
d.iv'-r. Calais. Mr. H umhle, happening to be
ir ivellir that wv, recokizd his old ac- j so bad alter all, and New Orkaus and Sa
qu." t .r.- e, the 4; IV vcr.'' and went on board, j vannah arc cittd as places where it may be
-4r.d m.ijJ the acn'J.iir.tar.re of her ofiicers ; j seen in a:l its lory.an i where it may be seen
..r.iK.,!.. tha fiiiinc ni." still "inir on. !
rii idr- f( n.e suggestions. Thse were
pretty well the facts, and upon thr-ni, the
Chief Ju.-tic-e came to deliver his charge.
Wh?reii:-or., the jury i c n-u!ted to-
rfthtr, raid to the Judge: 4 We have made
up iur in n!- m the main fict that the ds-f-ir'ar.t
wa-nf't aware cf the destination of
the v-.-tI." Of cruise, the Chief Justice stop-
pfd in. hi- .-barge, and a verdict o! acquittal
f.--.: U'r.dfr-d. No", some diftVrencs are to
b? r. .t id Ii- tne n an Eng!i-h juy and a jury
i" N v Y'.-rl:, or lla'.'.'iuh. In England, the
rv, I ih satiti;-.d fur the j-ri-oner, on a
urU'TU! tavt.saiil o. and claed the case.
Here, ii in York, a jury, would never
b gr.ilty t f the imp J-litf ness ,or p;oxi sense,
of l-Ttakii g up the Judge's charge, however
d-fii.itrly their u.ina ifii;ht In made up.
S : ii a saviiiu -f vnlnaVe time wouM be con
sidtrtd rude. lKvev r, Ksymnnd is furious
on l.uml ;.'.- acquittal. lie speaks of the
jury a- "twelve Englishmen, ai igcorant of
law as of common sei.se "t'K statedly
tup:d to H.-ten to anythirg but their prejudice.--."
Now, hen it i'--borne in mind that Raymond
i the e iitor r f the New York Times, a faithr
ful r.r?H? of the Wabirpton government; that
his e lu-r.ns, from week to week, are filled with
aiivortirerr.er ts for iihorcrs on named works
which a lTertiserifutJ, accompanied with tuit
aMe euiteriil.-' recommending the labor, and
boldire out inducements to orkiDen to crgage
in it are tent tut ty l-feJral agents" and
liberally distributed through Ireland and
lHitcbla-.d, whoret y thousand aiid thousands
of meu have heeu beguiled frcm their homes,
at, 1 faini'iie, ard country-, and led to em'crate ;
. , . - , ,
is ..-w 1 i iv ; win re, on ineir arrival, mey
learn for the first time, the nark they are iu
vittd to h) is, t 1 f.jht. And then it is borne
funher ia ruir-i. that these "ftdf vil acrents," in
c rcrrt with Raymond aud h;.3 government
have, i y thi fraud and device, actually enlisted.
withjh ih- British realm, at least a half a 'mil
lun of uen the greater part of whom tbey
hsf e cort.ived to bury under the ground ; aud,
that ihev arc now, having exhausted Ireland,
ecpaged in dijrdng the miners cut of the bow
els of the earth in Wale?, what woDder i
there, that they -huld bw in profound rever-
free to huc i.u hw and justice :-and that j
tbey houi.! titf rly resent any unpunished in-
iruep.vrt ct it, fy vthfrjHtyh ? Not all the acts j
of me:inr.e.-s and depravity of the Vnkee na
tion, bad. aLd many a- they have heen, have
compared, in cold blooded fraud, with their
impositions on these whom thny have inveigled
into their armies, bavins first trampled under
foi t the f.jreitm enlistment act o: Eogl.tud.
1 e c' ii.g threat of Raymond's, against
hng'ai. l. wili make meu quail in the Rritish
Parhamat, atd be a - death blow to poor
Kuxnble.
The bill proposirg to arm the s'avoa, which
Ised the Confederate House of Repesenta
t.vrs i.n Tuesday, the 21tt ult., received the
f. r.'.tv ir: t vi t
ii'' Mo-rs. Akin, Andersen, Atkins,
Bark.-d.Je, I'.ayhr, B'andford, Iifadley, E. M.
Brv.ie. H . . Brn.'e Clor.r in ("IikL-J'v
?-'.Vi.r..d. Dickii-son, Dr.prc, Elliot,' Fr-
t '.v :. F :-?-r. Funten,' Gaithtr, Cioode, Gray,
K.
H it.--. Jobront K'- ble Lvon !
M .
McMuhin. Meters, Miller, MoVe, i
: . lj; a I. Kufselh Simpson, W. C. Smith, j
1 r;;lt tt a: d i'ltre 40. ;
AV-.
Balduin, Ba'fcn, De'l,
l:' i; -s. Cam 11. Chrismar, Clarke,
- Uiuk-i 3I.k. Darden. Ewing. Fuller,
t'.t -... -:,Gr h.n.t,Miitr Hartridfit-. Hafcher
'el-, ti
i J. M .aeh.
, I 'I' i .mU
I.
Mar-hail. M. f dh tn r Ii !
i: y.h .?w.sxt.;;;,J.M Sadth, Smith
' V. TCr- ,;kham' WiUes- WiAcr-
' -d Mr. tt-vkcr 37.
i'iiif, I erhii,
- v- .L. laves, otYirgi.ia. has, deter
r-r . ... , n account ot his health, to retire from
Jul i.t cuties ar d in a farewell address de-
0. an ,rJ- l'n 10 the ofiice 01 a member
TI .. t t- ...
War News.
rKTEHMiUliG AN D RICHMOND.
I By t hi Ulest advice, there was no change
! '.R lllA rtliHtarir K;f il if ?il ,f... rill PcrcVmrn
- - w .. . .. ........ i . U . . v . X tl' I CUUi
jn ,h( th, ,ntci
"
, teu sctce of nostr.i'ies, it ; saii no hostility;
. j
us apparent. I c:.cmy has l is troops;
sti i 1 in issf(i i n rur rht. an! affairs continn-
pres
move.
rr iree of j
lie ir.i'ven.er.t. of SLerm-n The continuf-d ;
r '.n s of the past lew hve in !! proba-
I i!ny sii-pped ml na.:tarv opi-ratu.ns with i
, r
him, a. with jraiit and bcrofield. i
.
lucre are riiany estimates given ot t.he I
itrei!gth cf it-.rman s army. Northern
papers represent it at 75,000 ir:en, but this ia j
trenerallv belt Ted U be hp overestimate.
i of sr-ven thousand cien each, and a body of j
ravairv irmnberir.rr t me four or five thousani.
. ... ... , ,, .
or, : w,u nThsr swp tb.e n limbers
,. . , . P
of his maui coum-i to thirty-five or furty
J
thcus ind men. : buere this estimate to be ;
c -jrreet. or nar'y so.
FROM XEWBF-RN.
The GoMsboro J.raZ pov that IU
infonrai: n frobi ewberi is, that tnere is
ft f .r-
no formidable U-dy -f tror.ps tire. At Core
Creek we think there is a force f two or
f,'"""' r 'f. co7,r-
"J " PJ d " .'""laiog the
ra:".r-.;.d. In a fe d-iys we shall know defi
nitely. From Wilvixgtok. The Go1dsbro State
Journal has received a copy a of Yankee Wii
m"igon newsj aper styled The Heralof the
Unirw, printed at the offics of the North j
Carolinim. The Journal t.y : Tlie leading
oditorial is leaded " Su'i juration," and its
first sei.te.cce is as Wows: "The ye pl' of
Vi!mintton are subjuj;-ted." The object of
' the article is to show that " sribj'-igation " is
that subjua-ion is only a " bugbear " aed
has lot its terror to these of the Southern
people who have bowed their necks to the
Yankee yoke." This article seems to bo writ
ten bv no uew-conicr.
1 here is one other sbert editcrial on " F!un-
drrin
fhowin' ihe writer's -notion of the
tiforis row making by our Government. It
sptaks of Sherman pushing ou had heard of
him last at C.'iarlt-tte. B' aarcnrd, it says
" the ablest g-jtefal next to L"e. in the rebel
arrav,' has he-r-n kicked out cf command be-
cause of his iiiability to check Shern.sin, 2nd j
Ji Johnston, Whom Davis abused beeause
he didn't stop Sheiman on the march from,
Chattanooga to Atlanta," is put in Beauregard's
place. " It may be," says the writer, that
Davis " designs his aruay to keep on retreatiug,
and therefore he gives it charge of the great
est reireattr the war hr produced."
The Yankee editor complains of the Yil
mintrtou Gas.
Gen. Ilawley lia command of the District
of Wilmington, as Proves: Martial General.
The The atre is i p -n, and on Thursday last,
Mis- Ki is? Bridges was to have ptrforme ;
liianca, in "F. zie." Tlie only other names
appearing in the advertisement are those of
Miss Seiina Wan.erand Miss Ida Morton.
The prices of admissieu are Dress CircU $1,
Parquette 50 cts. Cei.trs Gallery $1. No
body S' C-ms to be l:sate.
From the Standard of the 24th this Yan
kee sheet copies an article in whteh the fol
lowing i!aIiciM-d p.ss ges occur : "We hope
for ti e best, but we confess wc fear thai Sher
man viLl m.fil he. rented nr trm sfiiii.imhi
, , , , ,,, ,
chrtked." "We fear that Wi;at has been will
be ; in oth?r words, that the enemy will con
tinue to overrun and occupy the country.''
From the So nth.
FROM ITPER GEORGIA.
The telegraph line between Atlanta and Wcst
Point is nearly finished.
All North Georgia i filled with predatory
bands of teries and d Btrter?.
It is rumored that the euemy bave reinforced
Daltoa with two brigudtf. A movement on
Rome is expected.
There an. now only nine miles of track to
dy to complete the West Point road to Atlanta,
three miks this side of r a-t Point, and - six
miles brtwecn there and Atlanta.
Dalton is the only fortified post ntw occu
pied by the enemy.
FROM THE TRVN9-MI8ISSIPri.
A Government courier has arrivd from
the Tracs-Missifsippi with dispatches of im
poitance. He reports everything quiet in
that department
General Price left Missouri with five thou
sand more n.en than he entered th' S Me with.
He claims to hae aecomplishcd ali the obj cts
of his mission and to have harratsed the enemy
sorely.
A dispute has arisen in the newspapers at
Shreveport between General Price and Gov
ernor Reynolds, of Missouri, with regard to
results of the campaign.
In a military point of view, everything is
quiet in the Trans Mississippi. The rivers
xr-i higher now than they have been for many
"ears but uo appretiens-oos is felt of a laud
-ursion by the ai.kees
Blockade-running between Gafton and
llJe ' t&l inui" 13 carried on very siccessfuJlv;
j perhaps rivalling, in this respect, the ports of
ilmn gtcn and Chrlrstoo. Quita a num
ber of sieamers run in and out of Galveston
harbiT i : the c urse of a fortnight.
. n . . - . . . ...
ir-e uo.erLiceLi surts in avxasand at
S.l.rt .V DOrt are full of f lotliinT 1..' ntnur no.
. 1 rs v-
1 .CC(tl
The expedition fitting out t Ne w Orleans
is believed, by high authority in the Trans
Missiseippi, to be intended lor Ge.lvestou and
not for Mobile. "
The Army of the Trar 6-Misshsippi is -in
excellent spirits .and condition. The troops
are well supplied with clothing, food and muni,
tions of war. All that is required to satisfy
th ern cmp-etfly is new issue, and plenty of
it, to pay off dues."
The mesaage of filorernor Alleu, of T-citis-iana:
Kfrurgly urges theplacins of two hun
dred ih- usand negroes in the army as pioneers
wagoners, etc. . The rnessase mee's with uni
versal approbation in Lousiana.
Mr, Mohl crossed the Mississippi river the
ethrr day, direct from Texas, and represents
everything in good condition on that std'? o
the great stream. II says everythins; is
abundant oer thrrf. "and thateople scarcely
feel the war is eoinsr ot? There are no Fede
ral forces now at anv pr in' in IVxas, an it is
thought gent r t'ly . that it will be a longaim'
be'o-e .they make any demonstration upon
anv part of Texas.
The IjfMiis'ature "Tr-xas has passed a law,
taxing distillers of intoxicating drinks on1
th"U?and dol'ars, ar-d dealers, in t'rem. whtle
sale and retail, two huo-rtd at d fifty dollars
per ar-num, in the shape of licnes. and fiv
per cent, on the amount t sales. This is to be
C lkcied in specie or State treasury notes.
FROM LOUISIANA.
A correspondent of the Mobile Register, wri
ting from Clinton, Louisiana, give the annexed
pews : .
Yankee troop continue to pass down the
river. The number thus fr estimated to be
about forty thousand. Mobile, it is though-';
wid be attacked.
A large military camp has been established a
few miles above New Orleans at Bennet Lane.
Red River is being obstructed, and fortifica
tions erected along its banks.
price ia resting and recruiting his army a
few ills from ghreveport-
It is tbotht that another expedition to Wes
tern Louisiana will not soon be made by the
enemy.
ATarge number of vessels are clearing from
New Orleans far M.atamoras. The principal
trade of the city is with that port. It is stated
many edd New Orleans merchants are going to
reide there.
The Legislature of Louisiana is in session at
Shreveport. Exciting time are-expected.
The Difference. Nineteen car load of
"rel el .prisoners" as t1 e Yankees call our
rner; passed through Baltimore on last Fri
day on their way to City Point for exchange.
It .een s that Uo much sympathy has been
shown our prisoners while passing through
Baltimore to please the Yankee authorities, so
a official o d r has b.en published, which
reads as follows :
Head4uauters Middle Department, 7
Bsltimote, Md., February 24 1865. f
Special Orders Ao, 48.
Prisoneis of war, en route thn ugh th:s De
partment, wili n t be permitted to communi
cate with ai y person except by 6pecial per
mifsion of the proper ofiifers of the Govern
ment All persons are forbidden to approach
the prisoners or to attempt to piss the guards.
OfTrrirgs in the shape of
food or luxuries are superfluous and unneces
sary, and will be construed as a manifes-a-tion
tf sympathy with those iu rebel linn
against the G jvemment, and a d'sire to em
barrass aod harass the military authorities.
Arres s of persons violating the orders of
thie oepartment wiil continue until demon
strations of sympathy with rebellion ceas1?.
This o dcr i not issued "as a thr -at, but to
wa.n those disloyal pe pie who have made it
ntc ssary to itsort to txirtma measures, that
th orders of the government will be enforced,
ai d all ptrsone violatir g said orders will be
arrcs ed and impr.s med, without regarl to
si x or co-.dition.
By comn ar.d of
Brevet Brig.Geu. W. WT. Morris, U. S. A.
A week or more ago, our streets were filled
with Yankee prismeisof war, -on their way to
the exchange dept; and while here had un
restrained liberty of intereo'us:3 with all who
ch ose to conver.-e wuh them. No guard
was placed over them, aod they could go
about without restraint. VVa are tb!d that
some were even guests, at night, of certain
families in this phce, and much sympathy
was evin ed in ther behalf. Itissdd they
were gratuitously fed, and articles of comfort
and luxury were furni-I.ed them by these
sympathizers ; and we are. credibly infix med
that certain' wonvin who claiui respectability,
but whodisgrscetheland they li ve in, gave evi
dence of their kind feelings and well wishe
for these hi relii g invaders and sackers of our
homesteads ard cities, and murderers of our
children, by waving their handkerchiefs, as a
train had m val ft from the D-po;. Sym
pathetic signs of fellowship and hympathy
weie also exhibited at o'her places; and
y. t. there were no arrests, nor "official orders"'
issue!, warning these "disloyal people" to
"dis-ontinue their demonstrations of s-ym;a-lhy
" iNt?vt-rthe!e s, r ertaiu -r,akers and
ma contents declare that we live uudir a
military despotism.
Returned Pbisoners. We net'ee the
return of many 'prisoners who have reen ly
ccme from Yankee prisons. They are a
hopeful, buoyant, determined sett of men.
Thy know and feel deeply fe;lingly the
i"6ue at stake ; atid express their unalterable
determination, as soon as cxchar!gt d , to report
again to their commands, aud bittle fi reely
fjr the independence of the Confederacy.
There are no croakers, dej ondents er time
ervers amorgst them. They are pure, ut
ad dtrated, nncompromising patriots, ried in
the ordeal f prison, where every offer ca Jcu
lattd to tempt men fram the path cf duty has
I een offered them. But love of Country, and
an earnest desire for the independence of the
Con'e leracy a o-e above every consideration
of self, and they reiuru with a determination
to fight unto death hi defice rf their homes.
Congress. Since writing our leader yes
terday, we seej-hat Congress has passed the
following bills :
To establish a Confederata flag ; to increase
th compensation of certain employees, male
and female; lesojutions about the war; and
Messrs. S mines and fcjitnms have made per
sonal explanations " concerning the "style of
Col. Ouid ;" and Foote, after having run away,
has peen expelled.
It is probable hat this body will now ad
j.urn ; aidd will take a pUca in history aljr.g
side; the North Carolina Legislature, and Joe.
Brown.
Numerous reports in regard to military
afiairs are in circulation ; but being without
official intelligence, we deem it wisest to pun
ish no rumors.
To the People of North Carolina. -
Felhnn Citiz-ns The necesities of our
country, as represented by our Confederate
authorities, impel me, again, to appeal to your
erier(ity.
Yf U are awara.that in consequence of in
terruption to our railroail co'rirounicatioriB by
r cent movements of the emmy.the subsistence
o! Gen Lee's army has l "Come greatly jeop
ardized. Fr at iea-t a few months that ar
ray will l aveto re'v f j subsisfc-ce upon
North Cirolina ami Virginia al ne. I am in
f rmed by tl e CommisMiry Depart mnt, that
the usual meibc-ds if co'hcutiir sup lies will
te i.'.sutnc:ent:f -r ih-p;-,rp-e.
In r ft-rence f V is priot. I ne-d nly cite
V e u- ori y o G oenl Le bi'm-1 f, who j
w.ires , s t il w , i r -.".rd tu a similar ?p-p-
ai t. the p opie of V:rgida :
"I can-. -r per msdf tod i; t that the
popie wi i rei'i'! to if, wh-n t! ey refine
upou the ah eru.it: ve pre.-eottd to th.rn. The
have simply to choi s vhether ttey will con
tribute stieh comn is-;:ry and quarfermaster
stores as they can possib'y sp ;rr iupp rt an
army Khjfdihat; already b-'rne a' d d"' e so
mucti iu.tlulr behalf, or retaininu their ftores,
mi ta o the at my otOe e.n-my engaged in
treir .-uf ju a?i n I aw a'w.ire that a sieneral
bligaiion t.r this 1 are, r s's lightly on most
men -ta-?h ocini: ilis;io.-rd t" leave itg di-ch-irge
-to hid neig bar bu lam e,i;fidet.t
(bar our citize s w l app-ecia:e rheir resnsi
bility in the e a::d will ir t perroit 2 aruiy,
which bv G dVbl t&ing and their patr'o'iir
support, has hi herto resigned the eft' rt of tie
em my, to suffer now thn-uuh their t eglec'."
It sevms therefore, 'hat our all depends
apon the voluntary actVi of 'he people cf
XNortjj L-arouna and V.rgifeiia ; a-u 'trusting
that whatever you 1 ave to spars, will he
promptly and pattio'ic illy brought forward
for the usa ot your country, in its hour of
trial the following plan is submitted, which
is being acted upiu. ia ths State of Virginia
with the best results. It is understood, also,
that provisions will be received either assa'es,
loans or donations.
1. Let every eitijt,3n who can p'e dge him
self to furL-h the ra l-ms f ore soldier for
six "m'inths. without designing any partic
ular scl iter as tha recipient Qt the C'jatnbu
tion.
2 Let th 91 thus pledging themselves
furnish, say 80 pounds of I aeon and 180
pounds of fl ur, or their equivalent in beef or
meal, to be dolivirel to the nearest commis
sary agent.
3. Let the don r bind himself to delive1"
one h df of the amount above stated, viz: 40
pouods of baco 1 and 90 pounds if fl ur (orits
equivalent) immkdiatei.y, and the remainder
at t'eend of three months, unless he prefer to
adopt the better plan of advancing the wl o e
amount pledged at once.
4. Let iho pledge of eah individual, suV
scribinf ai d furnishing thu rations of one
soldier for six months, be made the basis of
larger subscriptions. Those whose' generos
ity and whose means will en ible them to do
so, may obligate themselves to pn vide the
rations of 5, 10, 20, or any number of soldiers
for six months; while even the poor, " who
could not afford to supply the r-tions of one
man, may, comb'nint;, authorise one of their
number to make deignated subscription of.
at least, one ra ion for one man lor six months
To effect this. I earnestly recommend that
county aed neighborhood meetings be im
mediately held in every portion of tho State,
at which subscriptions may be taken up ; and
that a committee of responsible and reliable
gentlemen be appointed by such meetings, to
wait on tnose wh 00 not attend, and ascer
taio what can be raised at the earliest possi
ble moment.
And rest assured, that no patriot cari bet
ter serve his country, than in so doing. By
this means every possible out:ce of provisions
which can be spared for the support o. our
army, may be made available.
Should yoi! no', Felhtw Citizens, respond to
this (all, you may calculate, not only upon
seeing your own so:.s in the army suffer
aud be defeated in the field, for want of
those supplies, but you will have tl e m rtifi
cati n to t ehuid them seized anda p opriated
to the support ot the enemy who comes todos
troy us Advancing as he does, through ti.ein
terior of the land, without eitf-er water or rail-
road eomaiunic tnms in ni.s rear, lie is now
subsisting by t-e plunder and the ruin of the
people of Jv'uih Carolina, and must necesari
ly do so, when he e t rs our btate. Be as
sured, the refore, that eveiy pound of bacon
or beef, and e?e-y bushel of meal which you
with ho d fr -m your own army, is a -certain
contribution t the maintenance of the enemy
You have, thor fore, t choose v ether y u
;ii e 1 . 1.1 1;
wili i ecu your sons. wio are 01 cum in f u
defence, or our ruthless enemy who arms ou
slaves and lays waste to our country.
10 snow you, teMow-c;tizens- ihc earnest
in-piession I have of thu necessity of this
action, aad that I will call upon vou to make
no saCTifi:e which I wiil' not share with you,
I have tendered to the Conmissary Dot-art
ment one half of my entbe year's supply, and
exp ct to put my own f ituily up -n the limited
rations allowed to our sol ders, r grc-ttir g that
I have so little to offer. That wnich is lelt
me to subist updu wiil be doubly sweet, be
cause it will hj the bread of houor and inde
pendence. Confidently relying up m the gonercsity and
patih tism of a people to whom I have often
appealed and never appealed to iu vain, I am,
fellow-citizens,
Your obedient servant.
Z. B. VANCE.
By the Governor :
A. M. ftlcPuEETERS,-
Private Secretary.
General Forest. The Selnra (Ala.)
Missis sippian, of a late date, says: "As a
large number of cur readers would like to
know the whereabouts of the "Wizard of the
Saddle," we suggest fr them teTae quiet for
a few days only, and be will bring rejoicing
to every Southern beating heart, as he is now
getting ready for the move, and when he d es
move he will make the howl of his roaring
heard among the negroes and Yankees ia the
West."
Lenoir, N. C. A private later to us from
Lenoir, says: "We feel safer than ever in Le
noir." We have soldiers enough to protect this
region, and there V", we think no danger. .
Occasionally a house is robbed over near the
mouutains ; but deserters will be buuted out of
their fastnesses
We understand also that Watauga will be
put right." Salisbury Watchman.
Pi inter's Ink. WTe repeat the following
enquiry and suggestion of the Fayttteville
Telegraph :
Do any of our cotemporaies know where
printing iuk cay be obtained ? Since the fall
of Columbia we are at a less to know where
it can be found. Will not some enterprising
man start a manufactory at Raleigh or Greens
boro or Fayettcville ?
Lore of Country.
Live of ountryl Wha t a powerful and
beautiful sentiment it ls.lmplanted in every
heart by the hands of th Creator, and conse
crated by the lips of he God-man when be
wept ever the approaching destmcti n ot his
native land and uttered those plaintive word:
' Oh, Jerusalem, Jerusalem, how often would
I have gathered my children together, even as
a hen gathereth her chickens nuder her wingn,
and ye wpuld not." What is our country?
Tbe Southern Churchman finds a very bra
liful aod appro prate nenwy this question
iu a b:.k entitled A i A'tic Philosopher in
Pari from the French. Tim Attic PhiU
Bopher, in bit p or and airy regions of a targe
h : in 'Parts, toriu the acquaint ee of a
disable tidier, a nc bl and ilian. F' .ichn-an
to whom i.e popordd thequesti n. "How
come you to think of bdiug asuldicr so eat!)?"
To which the soldier uiada the f. li jwin" rt-t
py
Every titn - I visited him (bis TJne'., a Fon
tii veu ra ,) oo said sou et:n: w aeh ie
mainl iiXf(i in my m'Uiiory. But -ae djy I
fi.U' tl h"..n quite grave.
"Jer m ," sti 1 hu, do you ktww what i
(ini on .on toe froutie:?''
Ni, L'eut-'nanf," replied I.
' 1 e la .
-vvtii,' resu-ueu ne, oui- countty u iu
t!anger.
1 did not ve:l understand him, and yet il
seemed something to nae.
"Perhaps y u have never thought what
your country mean.," cotdiiiued he, pla-ing
his hand ou rny shoulder, "it is all that sur
rounds you, all tiiat has brutiht you up ar.J
fed y..u, ail ihatyju have loved 1 This c ua
try that you see, these houses, the.e trevs,
these -iris whoga ah ng ther-j lauahing this
is your country f The laws which protect
. you, ad the bread which pays fir your work,
tlie words you itiieichaig& with oth r s, the
joy and grief w hich came to you from the meu
and things among which jou lik. Tois is
your coui-try I The little room where yqu
uaed to e your m-iih r, the p'uaembratiecs
she has left you, the earth where she rusts.
This is your country. You sea it, you tne ithe
it everywheie ! Think ta yourself, my son, of
your rights and duties, your i ff: ttions and
yc ur wanjs, your past and your pres.nt bh ss
ings; write them all under a single uame and
that name will be your c.untr '
I was trembling with amotion and grat
tears were in my eyes.
"Ah 1 I understand,' cried I ; "it is our
home at large ; it is that part of the world
where G d h s plaivd our body and our s nil.''
"You are right, Jerome," c.i.tiuued tho old
soldier, "so you comprehend also what we
owe it." "
"Truly' resumed I, "we owe it allthat twe
are ; it is a questi n o.' love."
"And of honesty, my son." conu'udtid he.
"The member of a family who dous 1 ot co 1
tribu e his share of w--rk and of happine;?
fails in hi duty and is a bad kinsman
It is the s .mi with him who enjoys the a 1
. vantages o' haying a country an 1 does not ac
cept t ie burdens ol it; h-j forfeits his houor,
and is a bad c tizen I
'And what mu. t ot:e do, Liute lant, to be
a g od c tizn ? ' asked I.
' Dofryour count y what yeu w uld do
lor y ur father ard motuer,' said he.
1 did not answer atthe inom- n.; my hcrt
was swelling and tho blood b. iling in my veins;
tut, in returning along the road, my unc e n
words were, so to speak, written up before my
eyes; "U i for ynur country what you would
. uo tor yoar father au 1 ns tiier. Au.i my
Cunu:ry is in danger; aa eemy att.CKs it,
whilst I I tura cups and balls."
This thought tormented me so much all
night that the next day I returned to Vtncvn-
nes to anutiunce to4he Lieutenant tnat I ha 1
just enlisted, and was going off to the f-on-
tiers. Tne br.tvo man pressed me urp n his
cross of St. Louis, d I went away as pr- ud
as an amaass id jr. Ins is h v, n.-ighh ars. I
be -arne a volunteer un ler t.e Kepubhc b'-forc
I had cut my wij teeth.
Execution of Captain Beall. l.ue tc
their coward. y instincts, says the Petersburg
Express, the Yankees carried out their mad
purpose of hunting Cap-ain Beall on last
Friday, 24th ult. The Yankees, it will be
nc adJtted, trumped up he charge against him
of being "a spy and guerrilla," but th' truth
is. h - w s merely a prisouer of war. Captain
Be-dl !S a cativeof Jefierson county, Virgin
ia, and was aco'it thiriv-two eitsoM. He
was educated at the Virginia University, ard
at the br-aking out of the war he joined the
at my and became a C. p ain in the Second
Virginia in 'antry, serving a part o' the time
uud r '" Stonewall Jackson." He remained
in that b.-anh of ervice till lastytar, when
h". received a commission in the navy, and
gotng to Canada, assis?e 1, in September
last ta s-ize the steamer ParsoUK, on Lake
Erie, "ihes-earner Island Q e?n wasal?o
sc'icod by Beall aud his p.t'y, all of whe.ni had
gone 0:1 boarl as citizens. They scutded the
Ilai d Q ieen, a'ul subsequently attempted to
get possession' of the Urdted States steamer
Michigan, wjth the design, it afterwards ap
peared, of "liberating the "prisoners on J hn
son'.sLland, This plan was frustrated, and
Beall was afterwards rr-sted near Niagara
F-dis, and in February was canvictcd by a
Yankee court martial as a "guerrilla and spy."
For this gallant service he net with a felon's
(horn. He wns hanged off New Yortc on
last .Friday. He met his fate wi h the most
terrible courage. While on the gallows, jus
ju t previous 10 his execution, in answer ti
the question " if he had anything to say," he
replied :
" I protest against the execution of the 8 n
tence. It absolute murder brutal murder.
I die in tbeNdenceand ervic? of my countrj."
Meddling with Fire Arms. by tbec-re-
J.8-han Hi- g of fire-arms, in thi city on y s
teiday, Laura, a s' rvantof Mr. T. V, Moss,
was bdly burned in ifte fac, and otherwise
injured, by the incidental .iischa-ge of a d uble
birrelled gun, in the hands of Marce'lus, a
s'avo of Mrs. Jeffreys.
PfiftsoNAL. Thenumrous fr'ends f Capt,
SeatoN GaLE', Assistant Adju'aM General
of RaoiSeur's (now Ct-x) Brigade, will be
glad to har of hia safe return from a Y.-okee
piion.
From tbe Richmond Whig.
. The House of Representatives last Friday
in secret session, adopted th resolutions re
ported by the Coinrnittea cO Foreign Rela
tions (pnbVshed by us at the time they were
reported by the c min'ttee.) in resp-mseto Oe
con.mnnicati n frotn the President, imparting
the results of the late effort t open negotia
tions fr pe co with the enemy. The remo
val of tlie obligation of seciesy discbmis the
fact that the' resolutions were rtlopted with
dissenting v te, Mr. J. T. L aco.ofN.
C, who, it i U'lderstocI, ch o ha mode of
expressing theop:niou-that wahad had reso
lutioas enough, aud that our reply to the
insolent proposals of Lincoln and Seward
, should be only a mure determined prosecution
of the war. Tbe resolutions set forth:
'That while" Congress rejrM that no al
ternative in left o the people tf th Confed
erate States but a c ntinua'ice of t! e war, or
ubnds'ion tr terms f peace alike ruit ous
and di-honorablef it accept, in their behalf,
t ie isu tend-red them by the aut ioritte o(
the Uuite 1 Staffs O ver ani-nt. and )lermlr
declares that it is their utia'.tcrablo dernu
' nation to prosecute th- wr with the UniiCil
.Stues until that iiowe1 shll Ursis fro n iu
iff rts to suhjug-tfo thim, :nd the in.lope nj
dencv of the Co.dcdeaie Btatcj shad hav
bie 1 T-.-tal.'ishd. -
Tha"- ti e C g-'ss ' as tecvt-il with pr'.lo
the ir.irrierous n .'-le a d j-atno ic reolu i nr
passed by t' e army; and in the gallant a d
uivonqu r-id sp ait whi.t'a tuey breathe, cun
ii. f otu thiewhj. have f.r years en .ure I
cia'ize s and privaiiaa, its es unmiat ikabla
evid n e fhat the enthus'aM with whi-.h t'ey
first ded cited their lives t ihdf.n eof
their cou: try is nt yet extinct, but has bjen
confirmed, by hards Um an i sutferitigs.iuto a
principle ol resistance ta No'therti rule, t'tat
will h il l in cotenur a'l d'sgracef il timf
subiisi n; and for thesexpressi msin cimp,
as well :-s for their nobld act in the n dd. our
soldiers ds -rre, and will receive, the thanks
of the country.
Taat the 0 igress invites the pcapleof
the ' Sti:es lo assemble in public mcetiugp,
a .d renew their vows of devotion to the cau;0
of in lepenJrnce, to declare their djtcnniu
tion to nuin ain th ir lib-'rties; bi pledge
t'umsdyes ty to ah in thrir p w?r t fill tl o
ranks of our a mv; and to pr .vldo for tl 0
suppo tof the famires ot ours h'.i-rs; and to
cheer and .com;'ort, by every means, tho gV
lant men who for years, through trials and
dangers. Lave vindicated our rights ou tho
haul-field.
That, invoking tho bl -suing of G d, and
coMi Un in tho justice of o ir cause; in the
valor and eu lurati e of our soldiers; aud in
the deep and ardent devotion of o ir pep'c ta
tbe yreit prii cqd 8 of civil an I KUtic l lib
erty. l'"r which wo ar contending, Cohgros
pledges itself iu the psae t.f ihj most ener
getic measures to so'ura our uiinat.5 u
cess.' Filling Tataiicips amon; Commissioned
Officers.
The bill p-cscribin r the mo4 of filling va
01" ctcs among commissed ofii 'ers f c unpa
nies, battalions and fcgixeuts ws considered
and finally paesci the C n federate House of
Representatives, on Tuesday, 28 b ult. As
the bill is of peculiar interest to the army, wo
append a copy of it :
a bill to change tmk mode or nr.LTNO
VACANCIES All KO C SI MISSloNKl) 0KF1CKI 8
OF COMPANIES, BATTALIONS ANl RKGIM KNTS.
Sfxti n 1. The Congress of tht Confed
erate. States of America do enact. That whei -ever
a vcincy shall occur in the lowest grade
of c tmni-siooed officer in any c.omp my in
the army, the Ctptaiu f tao compmy shall
nominate ih j pers n to fill the f ame,- who, if
appr y d by the C lnoi t f tlie regiment to
wiiich t if c mpany belong, and by theG-n-eral
c unmanding tbe separa'e army or dcj
parttnent iu which the regiment' is aervin,-,
sli I b. forthwitli i'g ig'iol by tin Oacral m
tin;" vacant p sition, subjo t to tha sahseque it
appointment by the. President, bv and with
t. e ad vie: and consent of the Senat .
Section 2. Bt it jurthcr enarted. That
whemv r any vacancy above the low-st grade
of c . nimisslo ied offic r fili al I occur in a com
pauy, the Lie ite.iant Co'otu l, C loncl or other
'commanding officer of the ba'-t.llo.r or iegi
nie .t sln ll uoniiuatc the person to fi 1 the
tame, who, if approved by ihi cominanucr cf
the brigade to which tho battalion or reiuient
lelo .'ss a)d by the General comman li:ig i!:e
teparae army r department in which the
brgade is serving, be forthwith assign
ed t.y the Gen-ral lotho vaeant p sition, sub
j c. to tie sib.-eqcewt appointment by tLe
Pr-si ie;it, by ana with the advice au 1 con-ett
cf' the Se a c.
"Section 3. He it further enabled, That
whenever any vaoancy shall i-Cjut in tuo
field officers of a batialiou or regiment, the
biigade coiiimanier shall nominate tho per
son to fi'l lb i vacancy, who, if appr vod by
the divisian c maiaudcr and by the general
commanjipg the separate army or depar in ut
iu which the bria lo is s:rvin;, fthall b.
forthwith arsigued by the gnerato the va
cant posi ion. subject to tne sub.equent ap
poiuunent of the Pieside'it, by aud wi h the
ad vie! and consent of tho Senate.
Seoiion, 4. Be it further exacted, That
no per-on shall be nond tatod, assigned or ap-
pfiiuied under the provisions of tbis act, tiany
c mm'sioned office iu a c 'inpany, battalim
or regiment, who d e not belong to the bit
tdion or regiment."
For tho Confederate:
MacRab's Bbioadr. A N. V-
February 20tb, 1865.
Editor or the CoxrsDERATE j S:r : As a
matter of justice, I respectfully ask a place in
your columns, to correct a wrong impression In
certain quarters, in regard to the North Caro
lina Agency for transmitting euppliea to the
North Carolina soldiers in the field; and tf
pecially to counteract tbe influence likely -to
eminatc from a cooimunicstiou published ia
your paper about the .30 1 h ult., asserting that
very few boxes e:it in charge of the agent ap
pointed by, and under tbe direction of, the
Md'cal Department of North Carolina, ever
reach their destiuatiomflo far from this be
ing true, very few abJt. Out of nearly
twelve thousand boxes forwarded by this agent,
I am assured upon und .ubted authority, that
not more than twelvrhaic been Ust ; RDd I per
sonally knw that a large number have been
despatched by this ir.. ans to this Brigade, and
several to my own company, and I huve yet to
learn of a single case ia which a box thus bent
has failed to reach its destination.
By publishing this, you will do justice to all
concerned, and cblige.
A SERGEANT.
The Cession or Sor-.ra Advices frm
France bow that the reported cession of So
i.ora is without f uudation, and indicate that
thi rela ions between France aud the United
SHtee are Dot like-by W uoderg-) oay disiurb
anoee.