THE CONFEDERATE.
WEDSESDAT, AUGIST 17, 184.
Aits
If anything were wanting to assure our
convictions of the successful defence of Peters
burg and tie failure of the Richmond cam
paign begun by Grnt in so ostentatr. us a man
ner, it is to be found in the U r.c of the North
era pres, which however varird, reaches one
wind up. to wii the failure of the grad ex-
nerii&tnt. When Grant w assigned, to the'
Ut "on t Richmond." h'a selection was an-nout-eed
.rcry much in the - s'yir ii which
street hand bills bow-a-Jaw, and riew.-paper
advettifen ec?s, di-p'ay the qualities uf u ir
cus ecueatiian, or a str performer iu lL
mcderu stye cf'dtep tiagody lgtl
comedy. I; wa
Grant,
Grant, '
Grant,
The nfan in the saddle,
'1 he man iu the saddle,
The man in the saddle,
Gr.r.t,
Gr?ot,
(.J rit,
The man ca Horseback,
The man on Horseback,
The man on Horseback,
Grant,
Grant,
lirant,
Head Quarters in the fielJ,
liead Quarters in the field,
Head Quarters in the field.
Ar.d ail the world was invited to look on
atd t-6 the show how to "unconditional"
i:;..,t Richmond would be surrendered.
Ah.! mt? enough he came with impos-ing ar
rav uttir tnrer.d-us nrc-narrfion. through
'"V " - - g X
the wilderness, by Spotsylvania, along the
PutnunW, Cold Harbor, the. Long- Bridge to
Wilcex's landing, and acrcss the James to the
App m.tux, and the front of Petersburg. In
the txcuMon be H-.anasied t lay smoothly in
the eirth over one hundred thuusxCS of his
co;nj anions, who had et out to make a fes
tival in t'e capital of the Southern Confed
eracy. He arrived and stiuek a blow, and
received its rt-coil n.ore fatal to hirn thau up;
ond then he disappeared, went suddenly down
1) serters nspitcd him woundtd, with his
a: ni amputated, and dead. The flags on the
flipping wtut to half mast. In Ne.vbern
hall-hour j.nus signified !or a long day sme
deputed great one. Ladies and gentlemen
tk gutter "reliable, gave accounts of his
Luri-I a fern in the, New York Herald
whose culuroiis were haded deep in mourn
ing. Wc tuck it for granted that he tret
je.J iUzd aborting to all the rules of law
and we wrote his eulogy and di?pxtched him
to 1.1 "yv.u place." It turns out, however,
that Le was not dead but only t uricd bu
rud alive in the bowels oftheeuth under
our Hue?, along with a corps (the next thing
to i-orpnt) of miners constructing down there
his palirrits." At last he gve a "blow out"
rp:i;og nis mine and up went tbe solid
earth into ti e :ir, and up went the bodies of
many brave hertic men who iveie ucmidi'ul
it seemed of the o n. iup evil, till li e aiul
crasii occurred. Then for tho rirst time' in
neki-, wa l.t-ard the voice of Grant. "For
ward !"' ar.d the attacku. colums appn ached
o'jr twutiiated works. But there was no sur
prise for our watchful leaders "the breach
vr;t made in our lifs,'" but Grant could no
"ii- his oien into the city." Tie post of
houor and of dauger was aligned to. the
"coiored troops' ihe 'vsiUst brethren"
wh"in the mothers, wives and nistti of New
York, aided bj M?jor Gen. Jubu A..Dix,
had lor warded on with such intense solicitude,
wiih proniisti of many tears when thsy
should fall.
Oil can e, these represenattive crps of the
army of Ulys through a heavy fire be
coming each rnomeat hotter, mtre gulling
more terrible, till they could com? uo further.
They thel brcko.thrc times, ar.d became
pinic strickwn, and fljd. Says the New
York Tribune: " tke very f rt upon whose
detrucu.'B ?o muVh preparatory labor was
expcr.ded, was couverte-.t into a perfect
tughter pcu, in which two thousand men
wero huddled logtther unable either to ad
vance or retreat, and.wtre exposed for hours
te an incessant icrm of grape, canuister and
nmketry. It was impible to rally the
men thus p'itd together in the pit made
by the explosion. When ordered to ekarger
they wcr immovable, lying in some places on
top of each other aifraid lo stir an inch, whilst
the shells of the re bels, falling among them,
d,:a!i dea h on il sides."
And thus the New Yo;k Tribune admits
fr that Saturday a 44 terrible disaster," in
wLu-k ' ih ki ird, wounded and missinr
will in all probability be left to conjecture
for some time to ccme " But enough is
known, ye women's lojal league of New
Ycrk, and Gen. Dix. euough is known cf the
two thousand and more, butchered in the pit
that they bad digged for others, to make your
hearts mourn, if ye have any secsibiiity left
to make you take oil your snow white kid
and deck your bauds in the garb of mourn-
ine for the ptor negroes that you together
have thus sent U sWughter, were happy
slaves, domesticated in the bmes of their mas-1
ters. well fed, well taught and content, until
yrur Government forced them uuder arms
and thrust them to their fate to. save the lives j
of white yankees who have wearied with the !
charge and cannot bo induced to undertake !
And the New York Herald says macy
valuable lives have been lost, and theasault , ton Afar, as captured by Averill, he wore no
has not resulted in th success which was an- I iD??l'lVl" uis rnk. It was only known an
ticipated" I ter hiss-c tpe ibat ho was araouu the prison -i,n'
.... ; ers captured. This is the secotad time, says
More casdid stdl, the World speaks out ' ihe Star, ho has mada a similar oscapo.
and tells its readers that "Richmond baa foilsd
the most colossal attempt yet organised for
capture,'' and frankly admits, "we can not ;
take Richmond Gen. lrant- campaign iu a j
ailurr lheeal f finrf authenticaiion was j
impressed up, it by the battle of Saturday " j
And for i5n onitien to its own people, it
proclaims: "Indeed, the problem is no longer
tbe destruction of Lee's army acd thfe capture
of Richmond, or even the capture of Peters
burg, but tke defence of loyal States against
tbe rebel armies."
Aud well he may thus warn, for Cortin is
beteccbirg and imploring the Dutch f Peon
syiracia to waddle out and save their grana
ries aud barns from the rebel "titbeiug man;"
and Couch appeals to them "to fetin the cov
er of their corn field' ' against the coming
raid ; and Early, glurii'ua old Early, (Jnbal
Adam, "if his name is Adam,") hugs the Po
gtuic, guarding long trains of pluader com
ing up tbe Valley, and tret and aBon occu
pying Hagerstown, Harper's Ferry, and
breaking up the "toasting. party?"' in the blue
rtoia in WashiBgtim, while the live coals 5-tIlI
yparkle among tbe embers of Chambfrsburg,
enough to light the pipes of every grim
irooper in JlcOaushnd's and Bradley John
son's command. This warning will not be
altogether lost, for evn the National Intelli
gencer has ccme to think there is something
horrid in thi ci Csgraiion of people's homes
a new light beaming on the Yankee mind
out of the flames of Chambersburg. In th
meantime, what becomes of the poor nigger
Foldier? -Why the whole disaster is laid to
his cowardice I And while not a wrd is
said agaiLSt his masfacre the few lives of of-
ificers which ware lost iu efforts to rally him,
are mcst id gardy begrudged. Nevertheless,
the recruifing: for cuffy still goes on, and the
nigger is needed to fight the Yankee battles ;
for Joy, (Joy the Yankee.) in his Newbern
Times of August 9h, has the following : -
Recruiting roK the Loyal States New
beru is nor full of agti.ts from the loyal
States, recruiting for their several quota5.
Connecticut, Rhode Island, New Jerey, and 4
Massacl usctts, are already in tbe field, as
weii as the State of North Carolina. We
believe old Jas.chusetts, as yet, offers the
largest pile, ard the colored men fixrk to her
standard with alacrity. She has gained quite
a rcputatiou in being the pioneer in recruiting
ortolored Soldiers, ad in seeing that they
had all their rights. All of these soldiers re
ciuited hrre ught to be formed into legiimefcU,
to remain here.
To the State and Confederate Acthorities.
We are p.svurt'd by peisotis who live in com
munities that suffer from tile injurious effects
of the evil, that the policy uriiued towards
vici-us and recreant deserter and skulkers J
from the army, instead of mitigating or reliev
ing these sufferings,' aggravate and iacrraif
thtm.' H- me guards, and other squads, .go
( in se:tr h.of these lawless characters who
infect hixd deprtdatc upon society, and on
caj turii g them thy are placed under guards
who ajp citifcr r r;Iiert or insufficient, and
inf.Dy of them tscupe ard return in their old
haunts to wreak their vengeance upon thosa
who were instrumental in ihefr arrest.
Many rt thte bad men ae instcurely
guarded 'even after artiving at a military
camp, ard ;akc their escape thence to re
join tl eir comrades ju the woods, to steal,
"p:un;!er, lAurn', murder ihe loyal of thair neigh
bor?, ai d .spread terror and alarm throughsiUt
society. - .
Another evil i, that when the?e scamps 21c
caught, the dcsertcis arc returned to tiiir
regimeiits and the hkulkere are permitted to
"select the c mmaods to which they are to be
sent, and they are placed in the army with
out guard, and on the very first opportunity
thy desert, and make their way hack home,
with arms and ammunition thus being fur
nislied by the Government with the very fa
cilities they needed to carry out their nefari
ous de. igns and purposes.
The authorities should lake steps to pre
vent these evils. Sufficient guards should be
detailed to take charge of these men to ensure
their safe transcissiou. who should be held to
strict pucishinect for their escape. And de
serters aud i-kulkers known to be disloyal
should not be .eut to the army, to desert from
and dugrace it, butshruld bo put tu work,
with ball and chain to prevrr their escape,
or put in jail or f c me other place of confine
ment. TLesuffenrg entailed upon society,
.income portiop of this State, by these
wreuhes, calls loudly to the State atd Con
federate authorities for redress, and we hope
it will receive their prompt attention. We
shall speak of other evils connected with this
matter.
Keeping Down the Prices.
Whn the Commissioners of Virginia, in
their Schedule, fixed the prices of produce,
&c, tbe Farmers of that patriotic old State
were amung the first to speik oat against the
high prices affixed, and to caH for a redaction.
Mr. Trenholm, the Secretary of the Treasury,
who is from Scntk Carolina, calls the attention
j of the farmers of that State to the creditable
acUoa of the Virginia farmers, and appeals
to them to pursue a like liberal and patriotic
course. He says $2 per bushel for wheat and
$1 for corn, in other States, would not b any
lower than the raUs fixed for Virginia under
existing circumstances.
Are not the farmers of North Carolina as
patriotic and generous as thewe of other States?
A reduction in tbe price of their products, will
effect a corresponding reduction in the prict
of articles they have topuy, and tho good Id
maxim of "live and let live" be re-established.
I
I GeDeralBradlev Jo bason, cava the Wash i in
The following letter addressed to the Edi-
tor ofthe Payetteviiie outrver. from Carthage, j
discloses a state of affairs every day becoming
more grave ar.d more tragic. Human life u
getting to be alarmingly unsafe in many nor-
linns of the Slate, and property is wholly at
the mercy of the la whss and evil disooed -
Twenty-odd deserters came armed to a
reiinct in Jobnstou county, on the dav nf
-
election, and votedvoted all one way and!
of course voted for those whom thev reoarded i
as their allies and friends. One hundred are
reported .to have- done the same thing in
Wilkes County.
The writer of this' letter below, narrates a
horrid murder, by .a gang of destrier?,' f f ur
men' who we e in the performance if a pub
lic dutyar.d be joes on to describe ashockinj
cciiditioncf things iu Moore county.
Here is another appeal i the Adjutact
General's Department of thf-S?Aic. If we are
rightly informed, Gen. Gatiin has under his
control about five th'Uacd magistrates and
mi'itia officers, who cou-d be made available
for State duty.
The time has come, when tbe pblic"velfare
' i
demand not an ordinary red tape round
about way of trying how-MoMo'd anythiag,
but a prompt, speedy, efficient, 'determined
effort to put tho State right- to rescue her
got d people from these outrages, to arrest
thete.marauding deserters and to return them
" to duly, and to hold them thereby infiictqn
of such puniMiment upon their leaders as
will terrify the 'followers.
We do not-know w,bt Gen. Gatlin's 're
st urces arc, nor what are Gen. HoimeV ; Lt
wc believe thern both to be good officers and
both desirous of doing their duty, and we hope
both of them together hare force enough yet
twhile to whip at least deserters in ,vorth
Carolina. One thing is certain, the deser
ters are giving them the dare they are knock
- ing the chips off of these officers heads. For
when they give notice'before baud that they
will colne to the polls and vote, and do come,
they show a ''will and a. way." Whon thej
ambush and kill the "Senior Jieservers," it
shows ihey neither reverence aga bct rtcog
nize virtue. It is high time that no foo.thold
should remain for deserters in North Caroliua,
if it takes the whole pewer of the State..
Atd every incident in connection with these
murders difclcses the accessory agents of theso
criminal deeds ; and if the blow could be o
struck as to reach the cause, the evil might
be eradicated. But if this bo impossible if
human life may hot thu be circd for then
by ail imaasat Itost &top the - work of. the
immediate actors. And tho sooner it is begun
the beltvr. m
And we have one move word to the deser
ters, if our -voice can leai'h them. Many of
you we know areigOMran;, misguided, misled
men. For you there $ e? forgiveness. Ccnie
i in fcurreader to the Governor go to duty
and be faithful, and you may yet live to be
honored and respected. But if you remain
in crime, it will wot bo possible that you can
long avert a fearful lelributiop. The summer
isf as. ing away ; j-ucn the leaves will begin to
fnli, and your hiding p'aces be discovered.
And we earnestly n list that hy that time tbe
tri:it.ry authorities, both Conftdera'aud
FROM THE OBSEF.VF.K.
CARTfl-AGK, N. C., Aug. 9.
Zfe.isrs Editors : V thada drar;fui tia
gedy in this vicinity last, Saturday mon-.ine.
A deta-hrnent of the "Supp.itirg Force"
(S' nior Reserves,), for tins Corgrcssional Dis
trict had started to the Itailroftd with a sqn.d
of des-eitcts and recusant coi.scrip:s whom
tiity 'had apprehended. They wers arVibush
ed four miles be!owthis pV.ce by a gaii? of
deserfers. fired into and ST mm killed, to-wi; :
I) R Ruli of K.iodo'ph, J. C. D.dd and
John Howard of Cb'atham ; aod another, E.
Wombie of Chatham, wounded in ifce abdo
men, died this morning at 2 o'clock.
One of the prisoners escaped and one of the
wreteh- s was capturtd. He had in hispocket
packages of tuiunie balk and powder, careful
ly wrapped up in. the Kaleigb Standard of tho
isth Ju'y, which contains the celebrated 4'He
cuba'' article in defence of the "Red String
Party," declaring that that party is not worse
thau the Vat.ec party and of course the latter
is legitimate game for ihe bullets of t'je former.
'his fellow denj'8
being a member of the
-Bed Suing," but
gave
us the names of a
number of bis comrades who do belong to it.
We hate a deplorable state of things in this
county Ever since the election, large, gangs?
of armed desertois have been roamitig over
tbe country, jnquiriog who of the citizens
vote! fcr Vance and whwfor Holden, swear
ing that they had been deprived of their rights
and intended to have revenge. Within tbe
last few days several large gaugs have been
seen in the vicinity of this village on different
rurd, s me of the gangs' numbering : 0 to 30,
and one estimated at 200, all acting in concert
no doubt- Our Home Guard and citizens are
under arms acting on tho defensive. We are
not quite ready yet Jor" an aggressive move
mcnt.
This, sirs, is the legitimate fruits of tbe
seeds that have been sown.. The blood of
, these murdered citizens is upon the bauds of
the traducers of our Government. When men
are taught that the war is unrighteous on onr
part; that the poiO116 forced iy unconstitu
tional laws to fight for the propejrty of the rich;
that our Government is a despotism and our
President a tyrant, and that "resistance to
tyrants is obedience to Ged," no wonder they
band together to resist the laws. It baa been
proclaimed by prominent men, on onr streets
and highways, that Jeff. Davis and his cabi
net and Congress ought, to be bung, that the
only way to settle our difficulty is to kill all
the Secessionists (meaning alt who do not jofn
in the tirade Qairst the Government,) and
that fathers will not submit to have their sons
hunted up snd carried iato the army, aad a
thousand osi er things calculated to inflame
the minds f ignorant men and make them be
lieve that it is their sacred daty to resist rather
than obey the laws of tho country.
If there is power in tbe Government it ought 1
to .vindicate itself. This fire in the rear must j
be put out. ' 1 hese organised and armed trai- j
tors, their cminseilors, aiders and abettors,
must be crushed, and that speedily. 4
State, will have adopted a plan for extermiua- n- iut we to,li ll,a l,inlon fsrmern, yrs
tin-desertion in North Carolina. " - l'"? muifT after making a calcula-
lion, at. Comm'.sstonevs prices, thy came to
OUTRAGES IX MOORE COUNTY. . the couc hiion that, to feeo a four horse team
i - From the State Journal. -
gehcdnle of Prices in North Carolina Con
tinued.
In onr ast isue we indicated our dissent
from the-whidnle of prices established bv the
Commissioners for North Carolina, for August
and September. Id nr hu-t, w fhowM that
the priced proposed for August and Septem
ber, is an advance cf fifty per cent, feiacilv
o t-ivj on i ne prices uxea lor June and
We can 8e 00 reason for ths.
Cor aUy w,se Phcy " it lo June and July
nr. riK'nn'i wpwiioo ti. ,
pncvjs'ons were scarce the new crous bad not
come in and money was plenty. In August
tue new crop began to come in, veietablesare
abundant, and money is acknowledged and
felt to be scarce.. Why, then, should . the
prices of provisions be &crcaed one half!
Flour, it is irue, remains thosan e .ixty dol
lars per barrel ; but is there any ju$t or" good
reason wh) that price should not be reduced ?
Why should flour be Uceniy-two dollars pt r
barrePin Virginia, where twothials rf the
farming lands of th9 Staje are a de-fhite
waste, and be sixty dollars per barro! in North
Carolina, vhere scarcely an acre of its wheat
growing lands have been reached or touched
by the enemy ? WiiythoulJ the government
and soldiers' families be allowed to purchase
flour at twenfi'tw dollars per barrel in Vir
ginia, and be compelled to staive or to pay
sixty dollars r barrel in North Carolina ?
We leave it to tbe Commissioners to enswer
these questions, and earnestly hope they wiit
do Sr -
The same argument will apply to bacon,
com and com meal, raw cotton and every
thing else which the soldier in the army, and
the soldier's faraily at h mie ear, and wear.
ine painousm or Virginia oi a purer ana
he tier type, than 'that which animates the
p'opie of iSorth Carolina, or do wiser aud
abler statesmen manage their affairs.? -
But what reason, can the CoTimisoocrg
assign for advancing the price of sheaf oats
eighty-seven and a half per cent., and thrash
ed or "Shelled" oats one hundred per cent.
And whatreas;n can they give for fixir.tr the
price of "shelled oats" sit eight dollars "per
bushel, and tho price of shelled corn at
dollars per bushel? B:forc the war, the price
of a bushel of corn was gfnoially one-third
more than the price of a bushel of oats ; but
the Commissiouers have just reversed thehv
values, assessing a bushel of oats at eight dol
lars, and a bushel of corn at six dollars I Tbis
will tppear the more unaccountable, when
the fact is considered that never before, per
haps, was there such a crop of oats raised in
North Carolina as the present. And it will
appear the more unaccountable siill. if we
consider Ihe other fact, that the Commission
ers,' at these enormous prices lor corn, bacon,
oats, -flour snd fodder, allow Jtho government
only six dollars and Jifty conls per diy for
ihe subsistence of a four horse team dtndthe
driver. We say the government, for nobody
elm, if left to Lis owti choice, would feed a
four horse team and timer far that .money.
Let us iHusto!e :
The price? allowed by tho Com'pissiouera
for the " hire of four horse teams, wague and
driver, rations furnished by owner, per day,
twenty-two dollars and fifty ecnU " For the
hire of the same, rations furnished by the
government, pr day, sixteen dollars. Cau
the government affoid to do this, and pay tho
Cumin's doners prices for provender atd pre
visions? Ltt us bee:
Four hor?eri v. Meat a bushel of corn per
day, whi h is ix dollars. Four horses will
consume ity pounds of fodder per day, which
is three dollars. The commii'sioncrs them
selves arses the ration of a laborer at oa
dollar aiuf twenty-five cnis per day. Thus
the subsistence of the atiina's and tbe ra-tio&a
of the driver, at the O m!:.issu)ti rs own prices,
ft ib governiiieut ten dollars, and twenty
five cents per day; a:d uot a firmer in the
Oiii'.r.ly would undi.-rtake to fedlthem for even
that amount! Ar.d we undertake to say that
the Commissioners' themselves would not do
snd driver, it would cost about fifteen
d llara'prr day. Thus i-- the fortucf instance
at fen dollars and twenty-five cents per
day, tl-e verr.mfnt would lote three do'lars
an s seventy-five cer'-ts jwhilp at fifteen dollars
p;r day, it would loe eight dollars and fitty
cents the reader bearing in 'mind tkafc ttie
Commissioner. allow only six dollars and
fifty cents perday.
Let us tako another illnstiation of the ap
parent absurdity and rca1 injustice of the Ccm
missic ner's schedule under consideration :
For new, four horse wagons, wooden axles,
the Cmmissini rs allow three hundred and
fifty dolkis. Ffr wagons of the sama ize
and quality, iron axles, they allow three hun
dred and seveuty-nve dollars (inly twenty
five dollars difference. In this, there is
neither rea sou or common .sense. Two iron
axles will weigh or e hundred pounds. Beforo
the war,hey coi?l fifreen cents pr pound or
fifteen dollars for two axlos. Tne tires of a
four horse wagon weigh two hundred ajjd
seventy-five pounds ; and, -before the war?
cot five to six cents per pound. Taking the
medium five and a half cents per pound, 275
pounds cost fifteen dollars and twelve cents.
The other irons of a four horse wagon will
weigh 80 pounds, which, at . 5 centsis
4 50. Then we have this stamcnt cf
prices before the war : -
2 iron axles, 100 lbs. a 15 cte. $15 00
Tire.-, 27S lbs. .5J " 15 12
Other irons, 80 lbs. a ti " 4 40
Thus we have for the .ironing alone of a
wagoni before tbe war, 34 52, allowing the
mechanic, nothing foi making the Tires and
other irons. What tbe wood woik would
have cost we have no means at hand of know
ing, but we do know that while the Colnrms
sioners have assessed bacon, oafe, and other
articles of food for man and beast, at more
than twenty times what they cost before the
war, and nearly twice as much as thry now
cost in other States, they have only about
doubled tbe price of wagons. " Why tne labor
and skill of the mechanic and manufacturer
should not have enhanced in value as much as
the products of the farmer, we leave onr
readers and the Commissioners to reflect upon.
But the real evils resulting from these exor
bitant prices, consist in the difficulty the poor
have in procuring the means of subsistence,
and the consequent discontent with the gov
ernment which this difficulty naturally begets,
and also tbe tendency they have to depreciate
the currency. To support and sustain the
army at the least possible expense, to- aff rd
tbpoor the means of a comfortable subeisv
teoce snd thereby keep them contented with
the government, and to maintain the credit of
our paper currency, are paramount dntirs
which no patriot can disregard, . and which
should be the ruling ideas in tbe Birds of
io'. t
tnose to wnom are committed, in any tsect,
the management of our. public afiairs. To
these paramount duties, the schedule befoM
us seems to hate paid tie regard whatever,
Surely none will deny that our financial affairs
rest on a firmer bssis than they did in Jost
and July. We all knew that provisions are (
nanr 7--.t:f..l tl &i .1 1
" picuMui iuiu toey were m mose
months. The panic arising from the fear of
a scarcity of provisions has beer, providenti
ally dispelled. The war is rapidly, we trust,
drawing to a close, and auspiciously for tho
South. Onr -Government enjoys the unquali
fied confidence of the peop'e aud army. Oar
currency is dily improving in value. By
the defeat of the demagogue Holden. treason
.has been significantly rebuked in tho State.
And Vet. in the faj ht all thetA farla snd n.
couraging circumstances, tbe CommisstoBeis
of Appraisment for North Carolina have in
creases' tbe cst of living noroe fi'ly per cent ;
and asssss nearly all the necessaries of lifo at
doumV tbe rates asseswd bv-the Commission
ers of Vlrgrinia. 'This should not he so, and
we trust the farmers aud the press of tho State
will at onc.e raie their vics aginst it.
More of tbe Same.
Atrother sei iotas constqueoct, beside those
fnentioued by us a day or tw ago, rcsultisg
frjm the return cf deterttrs to communities
from whxh they have been unwillingly car
ried is, that the loyal, true mea of the Com
mnuity arc drterrod from aidio g in re-arresting
them, kroiag that they , will fall uuder
the ban of their wrath, and that Ihoii lives
and thoir. property ahd tbe lives of their
families will at all times bo in peril of their
malignant revenue. We are told that in p -r-tiens
of tho State where deserters abound, that
- it is as much as a matrs life s worth, for him
to h engaged in arresting daserttrs and re
cusant conscripts. Those, who are cauht
s-oh make the;r e.ctpe au.l roluro to theio
old haunts ; auJ thy burning barn, the slaugh
tere'd stock, th murdered viciim in his bed at
home or on the rad ride, attest the tsUwiiy
of their hatred and tho malignity of their re
venge. .Again not ouly the stamps alluded to
tbemstlTes, but their fathers and other kindred
at home, partaking of the blood thirsty re
venge af their "sons and friends, acd being
withal despissrs of tbe Southern caote, espouce
their quarrel and visit vengeance upua all
who .have bees instrumental in their arrest.
Thereshould.be something dote to 'relieve
community of these dangeru, polluting char
acters. They 'are generally old wen, aud
though igsvrant and depraved, have consider
able iuflueuce over the young men of tbeeeigU
borkodd with whom they coioe i.n contact.
Thess they leara to hate the gover,ient
tGey isstil into ihir micids that it is an op
pressive tyraeny that dra.i them from home
oh into tho ariny and by all their wicked arts
they succeed in inducing them to belisvo thtt
it is right to avoid being placed ia tho service
of t'aeir country, and are tan ht. to look up n
every man who advises them to loyal duty, as
their worst enemy, sou king their ruin &tti
overthrow.
These characters ouht not to bo alUwod to
remain in theSout,h.' Thrir sympathies and
feelings are with tlu north, and thoy should
be required to g ti-their yaakeo brethrea for
protoctbu sad suppr-rt. Therj are men in
some counties wha am know a to have kar-
' bored yatikce rfiicers, and assisted th3fn is
recruidng soldiers not two hundred miles
. from, the capita! of tho State; anV whea two
of these y'nkie roiruitin; oilic?r.s ero arrat-.
resred, they wore allowed by the g .rd on
the car to harangue them and all who would
listen, tin the " shame of breaking up the best
government tie worle! evr nvr."
So reat and insufferable are the outrages
practiced by "the charactt rg above referred to,
that unle?s put out of the way of doing harm,
tbo true wen of tho cwtiotry will have to
league together for tir own prelection aud
safety. -
From Petersburg.
Ta last copy 'of the Express received, con
'firniit previous reports of the removal of a
large 'number of tho enemy's forcrt frern
ar.mncl Petersburg. It says that when the
enamy were disc vero4, moving largo bjlias
of infantry tottho re2r,tht our forces having
put an effective 64-pound-r into position on
the centre, openol n the moviag masses
with shell nd solid sbot, and greatly facilita
ted their movements. The heavy n;.isiles
bursting and Crushing in their midst, gave
powerful impetus to their locomotion, asd
atd i hey more than" double-quicked " it from
the front. ' '
TheConrtof Inquiry which assembled at
the Headquarters of Gnnt near City Point, to
investigate the cause of the terrible castir a
ticn sdoiiaistered W Kla'uooe, hae decided
that on acc'unt of the illegality of its ap
pointment it had uo power to examine wit
neoe or g into the merits of the qiusiioa.
The malter has, therefore, been referred back
to Gen. Meade, and it -is $Utdtat heiu euds
preferring charge against Burnside, whe,in
that event, will have to be tried by court mar
tial. Accounts directly from the enemy's lines rep
resent, that nobody was to blame on
tHat disastrous occasion, but Grant.
He had sa repeatedly led his mea to
defeat aid slaughter, that on tbe 30th
'nit.,' they- were t -tally demoralized and
no amount ol coaxing and even menacing
could induce them to .charge bur troops after
tbe first bloody repulse. They had tried that
perilous business before, and there is no truer
adage, than that which tells us, ' a burnt
child dre.ds the fire".
The accidental explosion ef tre enemy's
Ordnance Depot at City Prist, on Tuesday, its
represented to have been a much rnre "mag
nificent " affair, to use the teeny's own term,
than the mine explosion on the SOih ult. The
earth was jarred for miles around, snd ves
sels on tbe water rocked to and' fro from the
effects of tbe coocntsion. Over one hundred
Yankees, white snd ' black, were killed and
wounded, and seveial thousand of the tame
species wcio very badly frightened. Grant
' seeme to have a singnlsr misfortune hovering
about him in regard to the explosion ef ord
nance. Ao accident precisely similar occur
red it Ticksburg a steamer, leaded; with
ordnance stores, having been blown up, which
involved a great lose of life.
. . . I... ,
James A Long, Erq., a rminest asd most
estimable ottizn of GwtLXro', died a few
day ago. lir. Long was a - lawyer by pro
fession and at one time wss editor sad part
owner of the Greeof bora' Ftirid.
" - . . r
Tnt Kewi by the Hail.
FKOM THK t PF III l'OTOMAC. .
The Richmond pepers of the 10th, inform
ns that official intelligence hs l been received
is that city, that McCausland and Bradley
Johnson's cavalry com ra nds were st Moore
field, in Hardy coaaty. Vs., ou the 7th uH
resting from their hard work of tbe previous .
two weeks ; nnd t1" at while thy were sleep
ing, and their pickets, if they had any, were
(enjoying tbe same luxury, Averili's. commend
mde a descent poi theoi.aod cptureJ four
hundred men, niue hundred horses, snd four
pieces of artillery. Bat while every brxly
was wondering at the strange ttegligence by
which these commands were ,rau(:ht nap
ping," the Richmond papers of the 1 1 ih tell
ns. that Geo. BuIy reports officially, on the
8th, that Gvn. McCsuslane had arrived in
Hardy, having sustained very little loss, and
that tlie Jtateiaent in the yankee: ptpera of his
defeat were untrue. And further, that Gen.
Bradley Johasn's command had also safely
returned, aed that everything is f rojjreeing
favorably T-.r the Confederate 'in the Valley.
And while felicitating over ttvs counter report,
the telegraph S;tnrdavmorniag fltfched the
news, thoi Ncriheru dates to ihe 10 h icpre
sent that the rebels were completely routel in
tfie fif ht at Ifooreficld with the loss of six
hundred prisoners ; tknt Averill pursued the
rebels twenty-five miles ; that Bradley John
ston and staff, colw, arttlhry, transportation
a;id a quauthy of small arms were captured,
and McCaus'and barely . escaped. Johnston
voro uo insignia mark, and 'be tubtequtatly
escaped. .
Now after thsc contradictory statement,
we leave it to our readers to settle wieh is
true. We fear however the uly side to ua ie
the correct version.
Mourns.
e
The Richtn-md Sentinel says -We have no
draire to comment on the extraordinary pro
ceedings at Fort Gaites. unt l a more explicit
aVint is given of the affair than that furnish
edoy telegraph. ,Col. Anderson, without he
can explain his conduct, deserves the severest
penalty known to military law.
Col. Charles 1). Andurgon was born iu
South Carolina, but wa appointed a cadet at
West Point fnai Texas in 1850 remained two
yiafd, aud failed to graduate. In li!5G ho
was appointed 21 lieutenant in the 1th U. S.
artillery.' Injhe beginning of this war he
was in Mobile, and was there elected CJoool
of the 21s. Alabama. In ootn,;liu,eat to bis
-rogimeut he hrl hitr.self regisUrl from Ala
bama. W'u m -ilber and sifters are said to h
now iu Mobile. IU wai popular, we are iu
formed, with bis comrudoa.
P. S. The RS;hmcr.d Svnlind i f the 12. h
e
has the foHowiug :
We have no later news from the Valley
than ibat pubiithed yesterday, except more
extended acuouutn from Yaakce papers, which
are not at all reliable.
Add the other Richmond papers believe the
Yankee account ef the McCausland snd
Joatisou affair either a fabiicatioa ea'ire,. or
a gross exaggeration.
Th Chirlylsviilo Chronicle of Tnetday
gives the following description of thedefocces
of Mobile the uj-t prominent, but .not the
nott imp ir'snt ef which have, as announced
withii the pat few days, flleo into tbe
n wer of the eneeiy :
Fort Morgan, distant thirty miles below tbe
city, comtnntls the main channel from the
Gulf to Mobile hay. It is situated on M'.WiU
Point, towards Pensacola, on the mainland.
Capt. Ricuard JL Pa;e. C. S. Cavy tempo
r-ri-y a Brigadier Geural in our army i in
command. He is an -admirable ollicer. The
fort is bomb-proof, cacmated with atone, and
sQnp'ic-d with foid, hevy artillery and
numidofs of wr. It iitme i f the finest forta
ever erected by tho United Sta'cs Gveinoer.t,
and was nlanued (we beliere) by NaKeio'e
celobratod Engineer ai!-d-eamp. Gas. Ber
nard, wno entered the Aroerican army afier
the restoration of the rVuirben, and wa af
ter aids Secretary of War under Lints Phil
1 ppe. Adm ral Farriut did nt'al tempt, an4
wili notj to reduce it by a bombardwefit. Ho
ran by it, as he' ran by I'ort ' JdcVem, port
Iludmn, and Vfckslmrg. His monitors aje
now attacking Fort Powell, a ennkn atene
batler. like Cronstadt in the Neva, and
Fort i ess Ca'.hnua in Hanrptn Roads which
obstructs the channel calll Gram's Pass, at
the Sou'h-westcrn enirace of Mobil B-y.
Farracot's fleet is inside the bay; but Canby's
troops are outside, on Dauphin Island. Trans
ports ennnot saftly rnn, by F trt Morgao.
Fittragut is seeking to reduce Fort Powell, to
eunMe Canby to disembark iiear the city, in
Kiejd of marching from Pascagosla or Por
teravill. Fort Powell is very strong. It
wa constructed by a gifted young offieer of
tbo Nivy, w.o recently died while in rom
nun J of t e ptst Lieut. W n. Le welly n
Powell, of 1-X'jndrra and is regirdod as a
croning; evidence of bis genius. It is itwt
stated wt.ether this battery is being attacked
fr to tbe Ray side or from the Guff. Sever)
months ao, Adcdral Farragttt failed to dam
age it by a bombardment. His fleet weather,
outride of tn Bay. We are not a It ird of
its capacity to resist an attack from tbe Bay
side, r-whether Farragut relies upon cutting
off its supplies, Admiral Buchanan is a moat
vigilant officer. He douUleis obstructed the
channel near the city, wherever it was prac- .
ticable. Mobile bay is distsut several miles
from the city :probaby beyond shelling
ssnge. The bay iaaufficintly contracted near
the bar to admit of tbe e red' ion of batteries
commanding it the . water beinjf ffcoal on
either' side of the channel Vessels drawing
over nine feet of water cannot cress the bar,
when unobstructed. Farragut 'a veaaels, how
ever, may have been builtjor. the purpose---Mot
tbe Hartfonl end BrfcrVlyn, which tre
mcn-of war, bat the Peuguis, and the li.ht
draught Monitors.
Onr ganhoats, especially the Tennessee,
"were well built, well taanned, well'commaDd-
od aad well fought. But, ihey were greatly
, outnumbered, and tbe weight ef metal over
powering. Farragut bad seventeen ships ef
war. S.me of them carried 16 inch gmrs,
throwing solid shot weighing 400 lhf. each,
which are inesistiebW.
- Impoetamtto CouHTXBTErrzaj. Thomse
liarquand, William Williams and Henry
Marques found gniltj, of counterfeiting con
federate Treasury- notes, were sentenced ' by
Judge Magratb, on Wednesday last, at Green
ville. S. C, to he banged, at Columbia, tbe
former on the 16tlj September, the fwolaUcr,
On tho 231.