THE CONFEDERATE
Yesterday tae Norlkara Kii-war, anti-Lia-a'r.
f "sr.Ttsv'.Q not a; Co! cage. Vve?eaV.
tat :: a';ra-:Vd ;o taat til J every eesaea'. el
pp i ;:js te ike fcakeaa' adaaisistiatiee,
:,a 'a; eaeaarue pre! cy, eraelty, ia--i
lyns .T el the Seward regime
-txs th..-xgkly caaveaeed and ventilated.
Wc I. .. ; tke Cvee;:e was kari&:k,
1 a. -aiis;. , We deu'ei ae: it a piaesd
b f . i je:jal of tie Nr:k lb? plaia aa -Led
isas ef peaor irr. I; beiaj tie ad
v. ate e r-c. w deuki tcii, !ikswie, t'aat
-.'! ! iU'i:; :r.e eared support ail
c .i-d !u J.se'e. expt ti iadieed
i't::r ef :be F res-sot t ttripe.
'i . a" wi'd V"? r- i-v ?" he catii k. is
!
Lit
-ci,;e cf ii.il ' will Ht be
ia fcfty rr. er.a. ty as ! tt f -ru"'
f tse celite. T. re wi'i cj flati-ta.-ief
iiau6r-fninir. It vri!! be rf.is
d.tis:t,u.-iktkiS: neice oemtios of war,
a. ippag of carui;. Tt'. will be ik one
:i. :ba picrare. Taa wihr L a.oia's
rtro,
war, d-.aii-.
lUwi, aaagklai, itk a'.i tV i'l i:ujs":-a,
-.v!'. Tazkee ess !tt to coju-
p!iBi. i':!'tf! '.hi t'avtrt;-j ill
kv .r. n.xl eota:A.-9a t bz cr.tad ky
ia: r.ew or'.trA.eo. Wi'.i "i -i-.J vriU
' be. fc-:au4e cf tfe ne?i;y f t'i? atw ati
taJe. Tbif t..:s-i:'?n riil Lave dared to
.tt;a fhe re'er uf ,;of res-a'
I: will
air da o autlcr lk eaoet laase-J!;. ir
r'.'c'iegi. Gfcrser 5eyraar, of Naw Ta; k,
t te k !b-u jfatr of tbe abasing pr-
r-i a j. Ijh-'p npkia, tbet eaiicftot si-
k cto! o. r;tk e'l the forre of zm
aLi ;at :um4 sicat tb pri:cevl
9-: A tan delude of eicd. wm cleared
k:.a liru cf al! stain, a-i boMiy dafeaJed
ia rigk? fe i f iavtke ibe Divisa ole.iej
ru t . wii'r y. M Tye. eor Ceohtr,
a t is? af t-e PiwSj 'Tsaia E.ioopa!:.a,
trit la'.t'y raJe taesawlfta ";lay ie tk
in ia f a Totter" aai a.'ctrd tbaz!vea t
a.waSJp b; iito a: IT arko!i'.i8 wr faaAt
!; "r ay 1 r :fc- iE:':ei9cat;jra ,
1 yl eaj--ier( !' LUau.' ?5. Ui ki 'o
aad .J a A. !;i. tb? arffrihy ra;rcU af
l4t ;; e-b 4.rr!:at: aeae f t'3"i will
kr h'.jitJ -: ::i.f iaia rrtacsa'ie a.-iw-k;a;a.
Wcat of Gil' eaiaister, of t'! tha
rk' aa. who rt tj tka-e, will be yoritabls
s'p-ahera :rnr Welvee ir robbarc.
.'! : e2ffea'as-n f ht pep'e to fol!w
i fi rA'.'d.zA'y ''-.jaoEitratioe. w;i! pr
t k c t' -tc b s'iiay f :r oarar-it. I;
".I -t fr,-.-el. it ..! v arm !, aad it wj:l
ni i'-a S-si roll wi! be srj
tee we.!!icd etaft, wk'cia ia ia cowrek-
ta icti of SaB'.aLnb'. asitoa irna'ov''ear
'a i sr:a fal'j.
it will griftd it to jtatr-ir-r,''
e a Jej. !ittrt ia 'r:?
Hat
r "' r . y : J ' 5 1 ' f ! iri
ai :..r.-..i'a e. b w c ?r
.
'P
.at from
c f. :'iT ica." a
, -1
f k ;.r i . '
'.set y-i rbe oo,rt aim of kt
i of ari'c f;a:a the Hiat c J Sh
I rif. tha& t" aid v:!di . ia ?r
a s r -
i ri . a
jtyiti.-t. :hr re ea.i ;ed re. If t a :
j - t'-.i osrse'vja to aai.rejretcaiiv, we
; '-.; ike fair m'uii'i r?:er I xtricat us.
V i-sjt avr :,:';4 kxifv 13 r.&? fne ft: ture
'i ia Yaira
we lesj to aar !he
1.
v; ,'s of Va'hhdijhiai, Vocrba, Lops, Sy-i-
;:. -f C-an.-ticaf, Wa. B Reed. CLmVj
. i . r-ri- 1. ii.i;-a-.' uv-c. fe',;e, ea.qnt.
, f t- last fr
? s. i? i Si - i .. i c ? t r 1 . ion
: c- a i i 4i'it :ta ovfrwheiwiag
nrln'.t. Atera; a.i 'h catrrv vi a
?ea a aja;.:t epp.'aea tre ijaii; ies-
1 k ;.. u)' a we:e tr
a.. a r d
we
hra .ft-,-:ct Tr.iit, tb s L acola and his crew
it a: :.', ti u-"k las breakar, acj cii rraft
) itc :i:arcy of t'a wavaa fr the oaxt tw
jaaihe :
in v triiiiv sLcT:ir.
!.iAf thei A 1 'E.--'r7e are ens wne
I ;nt ' ;.!!: ra a at ici'rtst at stake
it tae Nr;i re ?; afa'T eiectica now
pa i-n l i a t tae r" a r"tracted
air or a f.eeuv ce--a;;Aa of Sf "euUties ako
'a a y np.-: r isaae tnat the defeat
I. e.-o ii wi'l ) j.; . t' 'y ea4 the war i'i a
'. ti t::r. eorrnrttr who Ue is elected, atd
taar : h--erve the vaV iatert'ets cf tke Stk
ac ! r .;su ia pcr.;.-al, m involved ia
.I f F;ak'y, we see no caaace of
w- :,vz ih:t Tar in any skert ti;i;e, ualrs Lin
k def- ated.
T:ir ar oaeay .rker afwprr writers,
kavf? pr. who tak ao aach view of tho cat
a" i pro -m a total iadiforp.ice as to tks
fi of s any wtieh aai the war on fy.t anl
hi a vs;!fd ay-iidi. dacp ia the k.t klred ef
S q fact, tkey save parsuadrd
tr.eie!e. by a p.-utiar ratiiaation, tbat
it ' ae ..Italy ksttsr ."sr the Suth that Lin
u if..uM be h:a ji surcissor, and the
K rtaeia p p e aiou'.i iadars-' at the balioU
b x a fka Lorrrl en.-rrcitus of the past b ar"
j:a ai laufcca f rtc flin vi'h renewed
v.-ur r.p m iaa e e.df track ef SoiitaerB ua
' J a .
Tha ad?r,;ttB ef eitker visw of tk? aabjeet
ara ;ttr i:rpoe.v er aECwus-.-iesly iaip;-K4e:-
er :f?t wariy ia tho coutt. "We
i.ae ceri. a-i i- the K cssacad Sac. icel a ta
::a f ar:ce ii'.e'.d.ti e plat iftte tee ka-ds
c: in
f
:ftt.v.u opp s-::o3, and -vkica kave
taerefVe p roves ei no little aaimadferwon by
aaiL-ar por::-?!: f the Lince'.a prasa. By ia
aVeoi;n r iaip'.icat jea. ia ita aaxiety fur
s:k tr.a sj'jruu fer tke anti-LuvoIn
Y'i?, tke Saiir.! has aaa.ie coactssians
hzre a!arsad tka seaaiuvo and e!ipi
o. ad a at rSaai this aacly koetly at weVk
in rcmeit-aar ;k via-s; ef the Seatinel aad
tae i:;fren wr.ca tkay fear tke Northata
eep :t.ta raav draw frjai th-ai.
Tr.y are, m particelar. v?rt raach caa
aeraed in th work ef exttagaiskis ; in the
asieca sf tke Xerihera Deaaecracy al kope
of re-union er re-constractlea by neetitien.
Try are wondarfuily sotioiteus that no man
NcrtT. of M.irca aad Dixtoa's liae should be
a!'od to err er to deeive kins?elf in this
p-irtciar. a coratruciiea must be the off-ap-itija
oe of S.athera sabjujadoa, aad tne
l-:itician of ta N rth a aolds out any
''.ber r..-n'-.i a cr a Vn-re.
Never hfora in tke history cf the conti
' Ksst, evea uuder the old United Stales, did
tbe?e m?n betray euch extreme solicitude to
j guard tke N; rth agaiast a aaistake ia cast
j ing tkair ballots , and wky they are so very
i particular to act the Xorta right on tbis or
; scay other point, they ist answer toleera
: salves. The Sutk tv.-Uiuly it is no wise re-
hie for aay aaiaiekes r suastias aay
iiiKiit wpwa tki or ht :br' suejt-ct.
'IVus before tla Norther lidutu! con
- i&t is fairly begua, ike S.la is ie dangsrof
seriessly involvisg h-rt;f;3 it Eitker from
: farce of habit, or ret s ess of -eied, the
' :-!; f Ik Sauik are in danger f furcu'a
; iug Buck of the aea t:ri i upaa wkia tke
Nortkera Pie.idential caeapaiga will be fought
iaad.au we beh'eve, er electioneering aatre
j eotei.t'y fer U.uco'n tati any of the B!ck
: 2:uwiic&a prgaan cas dueatoaH.
Ifov iit aotlaare tfc- jrarties te .ake
!ad5n?oa tkeir owu iaas ? It will be
! ijoitU act to f?l a dep intrcat in tke
jrsalt: but rrby utd we f-1 c11kj esc te
: 'aa;Tej or c..itrc-2rt a wsii it er
, a!rti'-p. its-r part 7
ii r
' ac uii! J?Ie r. :'.-." ir tfeey sy tr w-at
: ibey b-eli". Ir-jy Ws r. ;.o .-)-,r te
i!fcu uii u.e s iiof35 for ;ibr iany; ncd
! rby gV..Hl . !uirw tfttwey. If v
t crfc;t in it, e':rtr we in y we;i iy
! tte foutedation fo" Witter uA -t!;ej5 re
i grf-t hreaf!r. Lf.i-9 fhea L&a. Lei us
i e c jiiteat wjtw facia hiuI nt.
j If .my oae iui.3 tkat i aay of ur ar
I tides ari:i the cirrsacT, and pa tke pre
j valili Uigh price-, $kt e -.; isteodea t-
k vb fclaace rarucu-iarlt I aay ne c!as
i t'ae caiuiGB!ty,- be wkody inuuiidcr
I at oui mtuiej; Jain. If l i4 lii'er
j tf bi.aae f;U aeemiojiy ea ia far-
j tner, it is by farce of (-in-uins nras. Iks
j farar bi;, in p -int of aaifcer i I ialiit-
eoca.wurii tke Iareat c!ae of fcKr, and
j the arUc.'e he se'ia keii.f f ia-t Lil whi :k
; raet feeliejly attract th f-uhl'e i"!rti.:e, it
j was e.itegther uatyrul that tiwa,- l int tk
j r.t:$alixi af the public sku!d be dire.-ted.r--:
There are iadividu-.I caara w'asre rnea aa 1
j ccrjioratia.'is ha v lart'es-ly a peculated upvn
! tt. ,.r':r: n cf 1 1 f A to !f T kVf
fattea upoa taa nfT:irJ)i t.-f their fellowg. Bat
tke blaaia ef th kik prhva is mnerui
i iHrUrc trt c"! viii jf ari'-ri an.i
r Ik n ' . ' v.. w v w - T jHk
j greTTiia bave bea the rk f a waat .
1 caO'ire ia tke orari!nt whiok parriau
i akeald aevar ba -iikwfawa. . We' are
i -
reaviaded of tke jo.liJ'i f ti a
I era! ap:ication ef the fault, by aa i&ciaHt
j wkich occurred within eur cetio, wherta
I kretker lawyer bore b;a sart : A, ciiect ap-
ulied to a frier.d f our, wne is remarkable
! for kis thrsvrd ja and witna!, for a
; sharp wit, to enquire if a suit con id be &aia -;
'ai3ai a cr(a;n iciruniaet. i'rt cul
aeoiandsd for bis fee fifty dollars fsr tfce f i;i
lee, wkich ia peace tiseies he wsuid have giv
en f-.r foei dollars. 'J'he c'.iar.t deraurred U
! tbe fee ; whoretip 8-id th at'ernry 'you
! ar a faraaer urA raie weti poiatoe?? ; I love
j tkfm ; give mo 6ta bU4h;'a ; t.ef are worth
i two dollars aai a ka!f ia specie, but yen
J. charge tea duiSars a fesj-l ; yu 5e 1 charj
I !a at t!y tba I did at foar doiUra.' . The
j iiiBitratics ws mariif-? tha jsU:?e w!'
i . ,
i ?a;d the ia?truai"-ut tisi-t, sr.a tne
I e;at rive a t . su.'.- ' a a -laaia-
! Vim bifis ia th: ca.-c n-i'hti' ta lawver
! ar faraaer, vA v.da-tbv. 0-r cit? Printers
i feve stru k f-.'f is 'br . ' would
kavr b;-ea lad t-. pay :a:n as taey wisbaJ,
; bui ia ot:f-'.r.2iity wi'ii a ?r Cj:a;jns. and a'sj
! ia cotfforta'.iy wikh tzr ineaas, we cm'd at
! do sa. B'U til r-'rik ef Pi i -it ere is wot
j te !. coasidired as a& iaon'Lsate extortion:--i
ti i a pivi cf tie -rv vailtr want cf eovifi
dence wbica uad?iies ths fi'..aacial opera -j
ii s cf the i -t v r.-s'.. taestroys ocfl
1 dene ia t curfer.cy.
: A fans? ia the Char! a?'.- B -H'lin e&ajttires
j wt.ea a..!' re fer us Uei.n, aa-4 what wiil bs
j tks in-ast 'iv!;a'e course t' urn-ie bring
it aDoutv Wa srswer : it l.r ji ra a
-ace. Let farmers, resn'tfaciarerg, !iryers
l drtctora, merchants, traiJesmin. business ran
l
j-et iill kit-is. ysei ia pabhu ' aeriUlr aad
j L tit dirn-irid of ttje OniVderate C)inrais-
t siontrs to 1 educe their schedule, which ia
wholly inexc tab'e. Tfcsn resolve that they
will (siim-tle tap C Kfederatc cnrreii8 at an
apprexiui.iti - at least to spe-'ie va.lae Lc-t
them determine to sdl and Wsy oriy on this
estimate. Lt tkeai ia?- act. their R.-present-atives
to lejislatf for prcse-vic; the nation-tl
integrity ;ad let tfcem a.ik all ahseutees
ali who eiiCoarage. wh wuk raarpl.t and
let the laic? uf peblic animadversion bear
i aon thee men, ?r on any c! is of men who
witbhhl confitenaace and support froai thde
wiee measure.
Atid ue whare caa the moveat-nt comineBce
mre pr periy ti.:i ia Meckieabar;;. One
oiorrrunt it! b; ctlieri. It ordy needs
to beia. The tinaes are pr-'pitius to the
movemant. Ths adveat f i!r. Trfnholoi te
tke Treasury i' a new era. His insurances
are bold aud satisfying. His jus-uent may
be raise 1 on. ILavea hs raided on the la
kers of tke husbandman, and the earth vielde
(aksadanca. Victory casnps with ou-soidiera
J aad aewBipanies hiiii in the battle. The au
j garits are ef pe.c early, hanorable eace.
j Tne catioa an pay all . ke owes with scarce
a burden a pin her people. Not hing can
avert prosperity frcKi c-, if we are true ra
ourselves. But dt-a't let one class wait oa
another ; let the farmers bein ; their infla
enee will eempei elrkers.
A Cmi? Comb. A corraspocdeatt of the
Ckarleston Ceuritr, k as discovered what he
pupposei to be a comes. He observed it at
aboat cne o'cl ck, a. a., ia the east, some
twirty-five d?ree? akave the korizoa. He
desires that observers kk for it, aad see if
ke be riht ia kis coac-asioas as U its char
acter. One thousand Uef cattle, captured by'Gea.
Wheeler, arrived in Mhc -a on Mouday U?r.
The Late Teaee Interview in Richmond
Circular from the State Di'partmcnt.
Tku folli-wiog eircular from the State D
partoasat will explain itself:
Department or State.
liickmond, Va , August 25, 18
5G4.
c vr,.--- t-.ii ;.lf-i t inn rkiri hdTi r
j J I. UwIW.W- uii.v.
cec-ly apercd iu ibejuMrDals of tke Uei: j" dtst to d sa, aeu ceatrca ie :era ius in r.
I States cq Tka rubjfc of inform J omm fv: I ur:i. . ... - . 4,
it war a. tis cDtiaent, readtr it d,irakU me i.-oui 51r. L..CoU ; U erjsr to satie
tkit to, .Lould be fully adrie.i of the Tie, ! J 'e. Mr. (.nmore r.f-rrei : tba f-:, mat
r.f thU t;.,vrr.maut oj i.uter o ;
cu.-k o-rjir.o i it j;up..rtii.nc
It is iikflviart ;
. t- tU , -11 c'n.-.nitl i . aifiir"i! lnfii fil-
ed of wkat bast e.curred on the seial occa- j
1 ,t. .w!i.i,ar! ,tlf.ms l
Yott bare heretefere b-4n fu-niufied with
f tk- mniieste i;ed t tr.e Co- i
copies w
grfss of tke Coafea-rate bturcij, witn the ap-
v.,w.i e s. D-.-t-r tk. ia-K .Lit. -
iaht, aad kave, -ubtlee, acted ia cuuformi- j
tv with t!i resolutioa xukh reqaestad ifta;
cornea of tins n,an :.fo ahou'd rrs iid cei-se i
foraijij -nTmuicfiis.
i ae f.fiii-iplev, s-,N j
..-1 . . k-. u:..:, v.,...,
kave b?, 'auii are sii'll aoioated," ate ei bur?; on a aiuiilar erraad, t Hat ft was fir
j forth is t5at paper wtih ali th atkiity due j ed if hie nas uid x?1
i w,!r.r. -'iA. r l. i . im r,f t b-wa who bail irmi ! et- hi'M i
and Exetutivs Departments of tia G -vera- j
went, aod with a e!eara-sa wbioh leaves no j
roan for. comiaerit or exulanali-ja-. In few
j sentences it is points! out ihat ali we a-k i
J iru-wuoky t'rm in erfre vje with o-ir internal
t pfjc?Hid prusp'-rii, '',nd to b in tbeua
j disturbed eoj -y a:r.nt of tnohe inni-nabl risht
I of iite, : i b-rty , and ikft. fu vault oi' oapiriess,
vuL-ii our-com ua a aac-st rs declared to be
i tb ? q -i ii I heritage of ail parties t-j the m.?uI
compact. Ltt thw.n fort ear a.'..ionvS upon
uw. and the vur ij t an e4id If there be
questions b'u;a reqitir aflji.:u3eut by. nro
tiatioo. we bave ever l.eea wtli.njf'aud are
! slili vi:l-, to eater iatw cwRaB'tei. anon witk
I our advarsaries in a spirit of pece, of equity,
j aid maid)' franltne-s. ' The nas!ti'i9-:i(4'st-d
with the dtcUratioj that "v.p ctnrnit-- our
cause to thj erdightried ja;U.ij4sst of the
I world, t XY.v ?tjber reSncti of our ;-.d veo.a,
lies them-elres, aad to the ao'euin and nbt
j iOU artotraaieat of lleivea."
Wiihus a rsry few weeks after the publi
cation uf ibis manifesto, it s -ems;! to bavt
mtl with a ripona ftin Fivsiiient Lif'Cia.
In the. early pirt of last nsoieth :t letter vaa
rec?ved by General Lee frotn Li?:t?;eaaat-Ga-eral
Grant, ia th foilowiu wurds ;
"Hkadciuartegs Arm iks of tbk Uvitkd
IbTATtts, '-City I'oiut, Va., Jdly S, 13o4.
"Jenemt R. E Lt', com.iiundiiig Confeder
ate forces ntar PeUrsbar, Virginia. :
"Genera!: I would" reqit that Clr.el
Janias F. Jacquesa, Sivsaty-third Illinois
voluiitrtr iefautry, and J 11. Gilraore, q.,
b" aUoe.J to aieet Colonel Room Oubi,
Co'n.i,.sioner for the Excke of Priaouers.
t bsi-jn piice "t C4 tne lines of the two
arrr.if-s as you may d -siaate. The objects r
! 'h-i iifi'iiag is legni.Mit with the datit f
j Colonel Oaid a (Jetunisiocef ,
! 'lf 6r co.--i'.-rer.t lor you to graisst the re
quest hero asked, 1 would be; that this be
i-ftcrrcd to x'reMtieot Davis Jar his actio;
lUqttift;
,
as eariy an answer
1 : ' -r 1 -
hi 111 ii j 1 t' 11 v. j v wvi m i ciih w. i . . .w i v
s-aie, I siibsciiteitiyself,
'Very respectfully,
' Your o'ssdiriit zervart,
"U. S Graht,
"LietiteBaat-Geueral, U S. A."
On the reference of this letter to the Presi
dent, he aMt.tor'.z"d C-loi.-el O-tid to tr.eet tho
person."
(j.,ouej
its t.am-d in General Giant's lottrr : and
G.ri 1. att.-r s;ein them, returned to
Richoioud .-tnd r? ported to ihe Pies-ideat, in
tho presa; s of the Secretary of NVai- aud
wiys-dt, tbt Messrs. Jacquess and Gil more
hd not sdd auythie" to him abat his dutir.s
ae Co5mi?sioa-r for ExchaHjre of Prisoners,
MH liiat iey akrd praiiasion tj Coiis to
Richmowd for tke pitrpsa of "i:isr the Pres-id-ni;
t:a. ih-y cania with th kfit7led$e and
approvabof Picsideui Li-u-oia, aad ussier his
pass ; that they wrre itdbrflial niesssn-wrs,
tent with a view ,f pivius ttie way for a
meeting of formal cotimis.-i"ers authorized
to r; 'Joti.il e fr pcac, 'and debited to corti. tu
nicate to rrest :at D wis the fiws of Mr.
Liu r.ia , a.nd tn f-btaic the Piv.-idcot's viws io
return, so as r arra---s f'r a meat& of coin"
iiii?iioo;. Colonel Ouid fiarei that "he bad
told ih- ;n repeatedly that it was useless t
ce.e ro tt'-hinand to talk of peace oa any
other terms thas th recognized ?ndejetdeca
of the Cn fede racy., t. which, they taid that
tliey w.er aware' of t hat , aad th'at .bey w.:-:,
iievcTtnele-s, colidtnt thjt their intsrviow
wu!d rt?.-ult ia pvrc. Th Prt-sid'-nt, ou this
p port of CoLu;?; Ou'd, detyrwiued to permit
tuem to corae to Ricatnoad a rider his charge.
O t-e eve:d i 01 th 16th of July, C-?io-ul
Oud conducted tb-?e snt'emen t a h')tel
in Richmond, where a r nm was provided lor
t-V-ui, ia wnich thy wero to remain under
surveillau" 0 durifi their ttny here, anl the
siext niornicg I received tb lolloping letter:
"Sp-tood House,
"Rhhr.Hujw, Va , July 17. 15G4. J
"Hen. J. P. Benjamin. Secretary of S'atc
tf Concdera'e States of Anrrici :
"Dear Sir : The. undrrsi.;ned, J-imes F.
JaC'jueBS. nf llhnoi., and James R. Giltu re,
f M isa-jiiusetts most respectful iy 5 '"licit an
interview with Prtsi le-.i D-ivis. Tney vidt
R'chmoud as private cit ze-is, and have no
official charac er or authority; but tney ar
tuity p.tsrssed of the views wf tne United
Siates G"veriiment relative to an ajusrori.t
if the d.rTe'ei.C'S now xstir:ur betveeu trie
North and th South, au i hae little d uht
that a tree ' interchange ot views between
President Davis and hemsedres wotiid opui
the way to such iici'l ue aiaotions as would
ultimate in rest'-riuji peace to ttie two sections
ef our distracted cousitry.
"They th-rfore ajked an interview wirh
the President, arid, awaitinr yur reply, are
'Alost truly sod re.-pf-ctfudy ,
"Your obedifut servauts,
'James F. Jacquess,
"James R. Gilmork."
Tke word "ofllcial" is ui.uerscoreed, urid tha
w rd "peace" doubly underscord, ia the orig
inal
After perusing the letter, I invited Colonel ! the charge of Colonel Ould, and left Rich
Oyirf to .conduct the writers to ray office ; and ! Uloni the eXt day
a their arrival, Ft ltd to them that they mast
be conscious they could not l;e admitted to an
interview with the President without inform
ing me more tudy of the object of their mis-
si n. aud aatistvins me that thev hv r.
quest or Mr. Lincola. Mr. Gilmore replied
that they came unofficially, but with the
kn-iwlede, and at the desire, of Mr. Lincoln
mat tney tnought tho war had rone far e-
noub ; that it o-uld aever end excem bv some
sort ef agreement; that the agreement miht
as well he made now as after f urther blood-
si ed ; that they kcew by the recent address.of
the Confederate Congress that we were
willing ta maka peace;, that thy ad -
milted that proposals ought to come from the
Xorth, aud trn! sjhear wwre prpaTed to rnak
tbs prp '9aU by Mr. Lincoln's authority ;
tb it it ra-"o s-ury to hvu a s irt f iufo.-in-urj-Iorst
duding in dv;iuc o realajr neso
tiatioas. for it cowja'ssioacra .ware appointed
withou? s me such uadariiaiidiiis, tbey vou.d
taet, quarr!, seprita, laaving th pr-
iia sclTji t itrer s -'nt eaoia ether tna aa-
fore : tkat thsr kutfjv lir. Lincolo's viawr,
aaci rou!il Ut tk if piei-ee1 by tba Vr-'-
lrmH n - "
"d ia
Sy ijerl virattf t
Le. ae.d tac General
irtt in that lMr ha3 askJ that iki. r-
n.ie.-t sb-'Wid ret-rred to 1 r;io;U IJai.
L - Mr. Gdn. tbea s-k ;wi oa a card.
writ tu
i.r!d by Mr. Lin.Hs,
ra ueiic vjii j.
Grant to aid Mr. Guanora xn-i frni i ass-
tkrv-v.?h tiri lirveii lata tb t-waif-c?! ary .
C.'!oi,e! Jacques tke av.d taat kinacae wav
u; p u on tii c-rd fsr tk reao Uat it was
et'i cti
k-set ?.-rt ; tkt fee a- t-ora nit tie on-
, f-icv a vwr ae. at. a iii'i vi'oea i .-r-
lVt-rJ-bMr. w-u.d .-o-j- tit? pwrpee for
vrnicb b w-a? c'e. He said that the erm
f peae wk-.-a they w. .:;!. 1 o.ftr t, tn rresi
f'ent woold b hoorrabie to ih (jonffderacy ;
that they did not daire thf Coafe ier-
a?r bV.Mj;-d stccpt 3y oilier terms, but wou d
w'id to hivt; v ivoMB'sr. a tney save
theirs, tlwt thir visit skuM be ke&t a p.
fouai secret .if it failed to. romlt ia peace;
that it wjuIJ b ot i9 j"..d tht itisr party
should -e-k any advaRtas by divulgt- j: tho
fact f. th ir'orerture for pe-cp, if cccs
Mtl. I n.-..scntd to.f'-its rrq iest, a,n 1 tb-., ris
iujr, sid : "fo I uo-'irtad you so slat.? u-s-iinctly,
th-it y.-u cor. as aassoj?'rs fro n Mr.
Lincoln 1. r tha pu'ps? of .aiveir.fr wtth the
Presid'sr.t. as to the r"p6r tmodo of inaugura
ting a formal taroMJtion for peace, coaue.l
ly Mr. Line ';n wirk authority for statin uis
own views and r eivin tnose of Preident
D.iviu?"
Botk answered ia tks afiirmative, aad t
tact said that the Prasident would sea th'-rn
at my oflici? the same tveidu at'9 P. !i.,tijat,
at l-.3sf, I p'faimed Be wouldj but if be ?-j-cted,
ai'.r h-jinaj say repurt, they should
b informed. Tney were then recoaatuitted
to foe charge of C 'lo?:el O ihl, with tha us
deratandifiS .ta th-y were to ie recoad acted
to ruy oflice at the appointed keur unless
otherwise directed.
This interview, ceearcUS witk tke reo;i
previou"l made ky Colonal Ou-d. lo 1 a my
mind the decided impreasioa that Mr. Lincoln
was avere if sendi' forraal cfttamisi-iner f.
op"U rjot;alioiis, !e he aiijrht thereby be"
Jeewrd t- h rv rec-c:iz?d the in epeai'ieace
of the Cowf.'-racy. ad tl-r he anx'
to learu wk'V:t-r tke ce,.d tioss t. which
alone he w.ald le 'witi to u k'- suc: a :.ep
v.5,..lid b- yifdded by th 0nfde racy; tis it
"?itk this view be had place t his messsaers
in a'cne'ition sat afy us that they leaiiy
came from i ia, with-jat committing hitisclf
to aiiV'hiog in ths event of a disagreement aa
i ti. siucri riin;litiv.v as he ciderrd
to be in-
rt'sp-nsahie.
t H!?:ore, of my can'dusions, bf? determined
that no question of firm or Wiqu-tte should
hoi an d's a'-lft to kis receivirsf any overtures
that promisfd, h iweeer rfmoteiy, 10 resalt in
ptHing-ao cud to tho carnage which marked
tae cn'.i"'ua ice ?i hoftditus.
The Prfaident cw e :e ray office af 9 o'clock
in tin everd'i. and Colonel Ould c.nae a fe-v
tnomijuts vf er, with Messrs. Ja.vt.'s aad
Giirm.-re.. The Prsidet Ml to twern th4t he
ha-d r;cHrd. from oie, ihl 'oy caao as mes
senger of peaca from Mr. Lincoln ; tisat as
such they were wrJc o that th' C ntVderacy
had never concealed its desire fr.r peace, and
that h was reuiy to hear whatever taey had
to ff'-sr on that suV-j;c.
Mr. Gilm ire .then addre-:.s-l Hs President,
,ini in a icw mirniiea had convoyed the infor
mation that thrs'' two e If-ni-n had eom to
Uichmontl impressed witk toe idea that this
Govf rao.ewt wotdd HCept a pe o -. oa the ba
bts of a reconstruction o'i ih" Union, the aboli
iion of slavery, and the g;aut of a a rnt-.ry
to the people of the States a- repeti!.ii;r criiui
nads, In order to acc- ryipiish the abolition ef
slavery, it was proposed that there should bo
a general rote of all the peplo of both feder
ations, in mass, and the majority of the vrta
thus taken was to doteraaiue that as wjtll as
all other disputed questions. These were sta
ted to be Mr. Liucoto's riewa. The President
answered, that as these . prp:oals bad been
prefaced y the remark that the people of the
North were a majoriiy, aud that a majority
eaght to g-ororn, the ofY-r w ,s. iu effect, a
proposal that the 0n.ederata S'a'es should
turrendec at discretion, dtuu that they bad
been wrong from the beginning of the con
test, submit to the mrcy of their enemies,
and avow ihrmselves te be in need of pirdou
for crimes ; that extermination was preiera
b?e to such dishonor.
He stated thai, if they were themselves so
u-iacqu iiuted with the form of their o vn gov
ernment as lit make such propositions, Mr.
Lincoln ought to have known, when gneinfr
them his vi"ws. tint it wasout of the pow.-r
of the C ufedera?e Goveram-ut to act 00 the
subject of th1 domestic institutions of the sev
(MVil States, eieii State having exdnsive juris,
diction on that pint, stiil l?s to c-;mniit the
di ci.-ion of such a que.tiou t the vote of a
foreign people; that tho separation of rh
States was m a 'C omp'isticd fact; that he had
n auiho'ity tj receive proposals for negotia
tion except by viruio of bus ttic ; as President
ot an iodepeud a confederacy ; an l on this
ba?ds itho.e muit prop-sa;s te ia id- to him.
At nn period of conversation, Mr. Gil .11 ore
made use ot some hiome rrferrit'g to these
St ttes s "n bt-i.s'' while rendering en account
ot Mr. Lincoln's views, and apolo.iiz-'d for fhe
word. The Pr sid-rst desir d hiin to proceed,
that wo offence was take.a, an'd that he wished
Mr Lincoln's la; guge to be repeated to him
as exactly as possible. Sme further conver
sation to -k place-, substantially to the same ef
fect as the foregoing, wnen the President rose
to indicate that the interview whs at .-.n end.
The two g-ntiemen were then recommitted to
j Th;s account of the visit of Messrs. Gilmore
I acl Sfs to R;chroioad has been rendered
necessaryby one or both of tberr, frince their
r"ttim to the Ur it'd States, notwithstanding
1 the arrement that their viait ws 1 1 be k-nt
secret. 1 hey have, pernaps, concfui'ed that
as the promise 01 secrecy was made at their
request, it was prendssible to disregard it.
We had no reason for desiricg to conceal
i what occurred, aad have, therefore, no cou-
P141 to raake of th- pnblicity given to the
,act ot' tile rx-- Ths extreme ioaccuracy of
Gd nore's narrative -will ke apparent to
; JoU troai the foregoing statement,
t You have no doubt seen, in the Northern
j papers, an accouat of another confefeace oa
I tat aubdMit ti paaaa, wkiek tok pjte f
Canada, at about the same date, between
Messrs. C. C Clay aud J P. Holvmbe, Cn
fed?iate citiz'iS of tne uiplicst character and
pod t ion, and Mr. Horace G.eoley, of New
York, acting . with authority of Presi
dent Liucdn. It is deemed not impro
per to tat rm you that Messrs. Clay and llol
comba. a!tasagk eajoyiaz, ia aa emiaeat de--re,
the ceafidtce aad e.teeso i f tke Presi
dent, wei strictly accurate ia their statement
th.t they wf te without any a'Jtaority fiooj
this (ii.iverriBiaet t treat with that of the
United States on aay subject whatever. We
bad no-ka.jwda cf tnair Voaferaaee with
Mr. Gretdey.-aar d tbsir proposed via: t to
Washtnjt t), till we saw the pewepaaer ptiS
licatins. A wiga.lV'atit csllrrisatioa of the
truth of t-e s'a?3"d vf il-ssra. Gdmore and
Jacqaeas, that tfecy cam as nnftr from
Mr. Liacoiu. ia la be c.ue) iu the fact !hvt
the viffws f Mr. L acoln. as ala'ei by t'oeto
to taa Prci ienr. are ia oxa.t eonf -raiity iiu
the olf.aive papr adrfresa d to 'hrhaa it
way con -era," wttcli was sent by Mr. Liucoli.
la Measrs.-.Clay at.d llahemhe ky tka htuds o
h private seiatarv, Mr. Hay, and,wl.i:h
a pr.iparly regard-d by tkoae eatlemen a
an iotimation that Mr. L:ucv"'!o wi nawiltinj
tnat this war should cea while in bis ptwr
to coutinHe boti!i:ie.
1 am. very rrsjsc: fully,
Yur obedient B-i ar,
J P. BKXJAMIN",
SecrUry of Stat
Hon. James M Masoh Coaamis.iouer to ire
Coatinent, &!.. Ac, I'aria.
T. ini zy College.
riFtK next seesiun n ii: commence on tke 7th of
L Srpten'b r next. Tuititm lioia eight to tea
dollars per month, in adtaitc. hoard, oae hun-Ore-a
dollars per uiui.th. payable monthly, in a.l
vaoet? ; or, iibout eijiht dollai ' per month, it paid
iu provisions at paee pi-icf-s. There are sll
extra chaiircs tor wa?hiHr and room reat. Stu
dents at e requv'Stud to brirg ail tke text book
they may be able to proem e
W. T. GANXAWAY,
jaly 29-wlOt President.
HOI1TS1 CASiOi.E.k,
LENOIR COUNTY C URT.
Ia the matter of the probate of the will of Henry
A. ObBmbcrUn :
IN this oase, it appearing to the Court that Mar
tha J. Bun. mi'i any ithr heirs at law of sai-i
II. A. Ohamberlin, dfeea?ed, and next uf kin, R'e
non-re&idects .of the fsrate of North Carolina
publication is therefore ordered for six puceesive
weeks, in the weokly Confederate, a newspaper pub
lished in Raleigh, N. C, notifying the heirs at Ihw
ami next of kin, to itppear at the Curt Houpe iu
Ktnston, en the 1st Monday in January next, lSort.
to witness proceeding ia the eaatter of said pro
bato and to make o'-jectiomsif any they bave, or
otherwise bo h.uiR a by aid proeeedirgs.
Witness : N. Hm.ier, Cierk of said .-ourt, at of
f.: in KiK&ton, 1st Mauda-JuH. A. P. 1864.
'K. HUNTER, Clerk.
an? lfl-wCw
STAiE of o;;fii rftOLiA, bikke
ioiTr.
Court or Plea ai Quarter "SistoNs,
July l1 a r m I80I.
Sarah Fisher,
e.
Perkias Johnson aid wifa Elizabeth, eerge
Fisher, Jame James ,tu wife Sarah, Heirs at
Law of Thomas Fisher, dee'd.
I'etition f'r Dorcer.
TT appearing to the satisfaction uf the Coarr, that
- that Perkins Johnson and wife Flizabeth, (Jorge
Fisher, Jame? James atd wife Sir h, are non
residL'Bts of this State : it is ordered, that publi
cation he mad in tue Weekly 'or federate for six
saccessive week, m tifyincr said parties jersonally
to appear at the Court House in Morgaston, n
the 1st Monday after the 4th Monday in Septeni-b-r
nert, thv-n ao-i there to piad, answer or de
mur to said petition ; otherwise judgment pro
conff.tso will b; entered as to them.
Witness. J. B. Kiocaid, Clrk of "id Cout, at
office ia Motjraatoii, th" 1st Idonday after tke 4th
iloudav ia June, A. 1). IS4.
J. IJ. KINCAID, C. C. C.
july 26-w6w
COOD SEWSf GOOD JEWSH
NT3W BOOKS !
OUR OWN PUBLICATIONS.
Johnson's Common School Arithmetic, $3 50
The Dixie Eiem-'ntary Spdlinx Hook, . 3 00
The .Fiek Mor gan Songs er. $50 per 100) 1 00
Love and Liberty Song ($40. per 1"0) 76
Tb i above books re iust irom the Dress. "
Primary Geography ,
York's English Grammar,
2 00
2 00
rust Hook in Composition, br L Brangoa, 2
Hilt's Poems, br Tbva H Hill," " 1
eu
50
Morven and Luida. by Bev A W Mangan
Dixie Primer, Pictorial, third edition,
First Dixie Reader, by M H Moore,
Mvrtle fieare. hr Rev A V thmrnm
25
bO
75
00
JZSB The above books are eold at one-tkird ofl
to the trade.
OTHER BOOKS ON HAND.
MISCELLANEOUS BOOKS.
nunten's Piano Forte Instructor,
Lander's Arithmetic,
Bingham's Latin Grammar,
Wesleyan Catecliira So. 1,
Wesleyan Catechism, No. 2,
ljansdell'a Cat. chUm.
Camp and Field, bv l)r Jasepb Cross,
Life o Stonewall jackson,
The War and its H r.iei. Illustrated,'
"Southern Model Letter Writer,
Rival Administrate 09, E H Pollard,
Scriptural Views of National Truds,
Romantic Pasasres in'S. W. History,
Diary of the War,
The Sdge of Vicsburg,
The Sunday '''hool 15-II,
Toe Sabbath School Wreath,
Plow ng and Ditching,
Fan f or the Omnp,
The Camp Jester,
Neeiey's Di-c urseg,
)r. Jeem' Sermon",
Moral and R Iigiou3 Anecdotes, 8 vols.,
The Ae A .New Montniy,
Southern Literarv M-sstnirer.
Stonewall Jackson's Portrait,
Dr. Ueeni-' Prtrdt.
Grote.N History of G-eece. in 12 rols,
3
00
2
oo
4
uo
25
7b
75
S
00
50
5
3
60
1
1
50
00
50
3
3
3
0
00
2 50
. so
76
1 2o
1 oO
1 00
3 .O
2
12 00
2 V
2 50
I 50
1 75
125 00
85 OO
7 00
6 50
Baiic-ort'n History Lmtt-d States. 7 vols.,
Abbot s Illustrated Histories, each
Secon 1 Yetr of the War,
Mountain Violet, hv itv T M Baker,
A Few Ch-stouts for the Cnildteo. by Uncle
Char lea.
A Sunday School in Every Church, by Rev
B Manly',
Words of Comfort, brll F Buckner,
Rooert Cushman or the Rival Students,
The Little Preacher, bv Cncle 'B'trles,
Lite of T C Wimberly, by Uncle Charles,
Soldier Boy S-ngter,
Stonewall Songster,
Cotion Field Melwdies,
MILITARY BOOKS.
Napoleon's Maxims of War,
Bayonet Ex-rvi-e and Skirmish Drill,
Volunteer's Fieli and Camp Book,
General Orders,
Warren's Surgery,
School of the Guides.
NOVELS.
Macaria. bv M
1 SO
1 50
75
25
00
75
75
00
00
50
1 25
1 25
1 25
5 GO
6 00
1 50
5 00
Master William Mitten, h
uncan Adair. orCapture'l in Efcanins;, 1 -5
Laay Audle's Secret, bv M Braddon.
5
3
00
50
Robert and Harold, by R F Geulding,
Eleanor's Victory.
& 00
u aiiseraoies rantine,
' 0 St. Dennis,
" Jean Valjeae,"
Raids and Romance of Morgaa aad Mea
Field and Fireside Vovelette. " '
o :i f , ... ... '
3 CO
3
00
00
50
00
3
6
2
cu parser, ov t is hvaas, a no
The Battle of the Bards 2 00
S& Tnose ordering boks to be aent per
man must temit 10 cents extra on the dollar
to pay postaga. BARNfiON k FAR BAR.
JQly l-zl Kafaigri, X.
TELEGRAPHIC.
REPORTS OF THE PRESS ASSOCIATION.
OOclal Froa General Hood.
RICHMOND, AuF. 30.Thefo!lowiBg was re
ceivad here this tnorniag :
ATLANTA. Aag. 21 To Hon. J. A.-Seddoa :
Toe enemy have changed tkeir catlre petitiae,
tke left of their line restiag near the Cba tahoo
chae, aear Saaetewn, their rigkt extendieg
U points opposite and aear tW West Point rail
rea i, ketweea Kait Pir.t ahd Fairbara. Tker
ha!d ail the creisieg an the Chattahoochee, but
no with centiaued Hat.
Dispatches af taa ISih. from Wkeeler, report
the capture of Daltoa, whh a lare quantity of
stores, ab at 200 prisoners and "200 tauh-s. Me
deatryed threa traiai of cars and twentv-five
miles ef the ratlieaJ. His cam w aad is ie good
conditiaa,
(Kigaed) . J. B. IOOD.
SKCBKO atlfATCn.'
ATLANTA. Aug ?,0 -Tke eaeaay kave ecca
pid th Wet Point railroad aad are fortifying
aad retnaving the t aek saath. It was reported
last uijht that tho Fedaraf cavalry were advan'
eg in -tke direction of West Point.
Col. W. &. Cdfee. f tbe COth Kentn-ky Regit
meet, is appoiated Provost Marshal Geaeral ef
this army ei-d asiucitd bis posttioa tais moraing.
FroR Pftet-abors.
PET IlRS BURG, A eg. 30.-The situatiee in
froat of this place aad IWmuda Haedreds nn
chaaged. Duiig the whole ef yesterday the
eein . poured a furious and eontineous fire of
fb t and Beii uoo-i th town, uonig bftweyer .
lit tie or no damage. Today all comparatively
quiet.
FroJM :hr Valley.
RICHMOND, Aiyr 30 -The Lynchkarg Re
pub, icaa ! Stnrdjy, statt-a that tb Yankee
caiah.f a'!vaee-l or. ivOgersville a few days since
an relirtd tb war thrfy" came. It is reported,
oa w bat i coiare.d ri.od authority, tbat Wkee
ler, witk a lar fc-i ef cavalry, was between
Knoxvilte aud Bristol, advaaciug iato Kea
tucky. irTf?r:i News.
MOBILE, August 2S. A special dispatch to the
Advertiser, dated Seu-Uobia August. 27th, iave the
Chic igo Tim has received Memphis papers to
the 25th.
, The Washington T-rrespondent of tke Tim ft
pays the eie of Petersburg has been raised.
Grant ha saci ifised hirty thousaud men within
less than GO days. He began the seige with abb
hundred and twenty thousand men, sent twenty
five thousand to protect Washington, leaving a
trce before Petersburg of aeventy-nve thou too.
No more crowing over Mobile or Atlanta. A
Ualtimore di.-aatcti says the Confederates occapv
Martinsbatg and tli-t Winchester has lx?ea
evacuated. The Potomac loid are guarded.
lt ly forces are estimated at fifty ave thousand.
Auatn Johiisoa u aflvanciug on Camberland
with tw-lve hitndi td 'run. A party of Miner's
trp wfreJ&ioly cut up below fert Donelsou.
Ariiix hv been clandestinely carried iato Indiana
for the disloyalists A Governmeet ateawer, has
been captured aad karutd on White river.
Mt-m, his on the 'i.td was a aceae of terrible ex
eitemcnt. A repot t prevailed that Forrest, Dick
Taylor aad Loriag were about attacking. The
peaple were wild, running uaier the liletf. The
military took to biiati. Anotber report was taat
TaGorwas plantb.g batteries on Arkansas bbore.
1 he confusion Int i eased the military turned oat
the exciteuieiit Usttd several hours. Many per
sons have beea arrested for carrying news to For
rest. All quiet at Mobile.
SBCONB b BSPaTSB.
KICnMOND, Aug. 22. The Baltiaaore Amerf
cao ad:nit tbat the 5Ui e irps Iwjt in the f htf
Friday and Surday, uar Pjtersbars:, 5,000 'ia
killed, woandidaed missing. A telegram from
Harper's Ferrv of the 6th says a re oanoisianca
was made on the riorrdng of the25tb by a largo
force of cavalry under Torbctt, abiat a tuile froaa
towa,.
The colamn encountered Breckinridge's corps,
and sawio'rkiru iKlung igsued. The Rebel Gene
ral withdrew bis Canty und, having lust one han
dreil aori til'tv killed and veandd, including seve
ral staff officers. AH the tord.fioia Wiiliamipott
te Poiat ef Rocks are well goaroad.
TBtan LiseATca.
RICHMOND, Aug. TJ. Northern dates
jesterdav are to hind. The Washington Cbroni
e'e rites an account cf a shxrp fight on ike 23d,
at Disffield's Siarion n the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad. Lo-s on both rides severe. At nigkt
fall Federals fell back to their ortgmsl position.
It is n ported that the saeond Srhofivld's corps,
left Atlanta on tfee lCh.with rtf'een lys ratioss,
fr Maeou. On the 20th Wheeler attacked,-captured,
and kil'edthe negro guard an i tbrae hun
dred white Uborera at Mewart'a Landing. "
A telrgraai from Vahville on the "24th, says
atters at Atlanta ae unchanged. Tke array is
eagagrd' in advaiicing and .trragt benlng the
wwiks. Oa the ISth, Major Gen. Dodge was she!
ia the had by a fchafpli'ter, and is since re
ported dead. Gen. Liuhtburn, of Logan'a corps,
was weended i the ewe way.
A trlegraus from Washington contains aruasor
that Lincoln has aent peace comicissioaers te
Richmond. .Freinoat declines to. withdraw frcaa
the Presidential coute.t.
Furrot captured 250 priseaers at Memphis ; hia
frcrs occupied the city two boars, aad dining
taat time robbed the principal Hotels aad board
ing housae.
lisld in New York 251.
from MIsKissippI and Uoblle.
OSYKA, Aug. 20. The yankeea commeaced
falling bark on Cliutwa to-day ia tke direction ef
Bttton Koage.
MOBILE, Aar. 8. Ne ehaage ia affairs at
tbi. point to rpm t
In tifiuoriain.
EDWAKD'PLTER CLINGMAN.
Li"ut. Cmnomah was in his 22d year. He was
a native af JIuutsri..., Nottk CaKilina, and the
ob!et chibt l Jii parents. His la ther, Dr Henry
P. f lb gman, with t.is t unily, moved to Aiknsaa
nbout i-n years ayo, wh"i;" be settled. Edward
Peter bad b -en-jreparing for th medical pro!s
sio,a, asd was in Memphis on his way to St. Louis
to attend meiiiea! P-etut-ws, wl en be first saw the
proclamatitm f L'uooln, which aroused tho
Southern peopie to 'arms. Away from home and
friend, and un as t.e was, wth tkat spirit and
promptitude whh b inark.-d his subsequent career,
be determined to proceed no fuftber, and at once
volunteered as a soldier. He was seat to Pensa
ola, where he serred for a time, then transferred
to a company of cavalry froui ki adopted State,
which h-d jut f rmed in Searcy, and afterwards
became a part j tb" 3d Arkansas reiMtnnt (cuv
alry) upon its organization. A vacancy otxurriBg
be was.-lected a Li utmant, was ever at his post
and performed Li du i.-s cheerfully ai.d enHsntly.
Wh'de oh his wav with hia brigade 1 Bate's) frein
LoBersti e-t ro reinforce Johnston, and as be pass
eat through Western North I 'at olina, in the neigh
borhood of his mother, who was r siding ie
Mockviile, a re'agee from her home, he obtained
a leave af absence lor a few days to vifit her. Ho
had grown to ke a mu since ebe had last seea him;
was ia fine h-alth and goud spirits. Just grows
te tall manbood. of tall and cwnatnaadine person,
ef aoble intellect aad gn(i naute, his fatare waa
fall cf br ight promise, and for him his family had
hijfh hopes, 'Hisktay was -hort, for he lett in
time to rejoin bis' rgtment before his furlougb
had expired. It was the oroy larboieh he bad
ever had, the only visit to bis family since the be
ginning ef the war, aud it was bis fast 1 A com
rade in caassaanicating the pad infllifvnce to his
mother, rays : He tell, and died thegloiious
death of a soldier wbile leading a charge made by
our company oa tke 28th dav of July, near Carnp
bvllton, on th Cbattahoockee river. Yon-have
lest a aoble and affectionate sab, we a brave and
generous comrade, and trao friend. His loss is
sincerely moaraed by our coapany and ky tho en
tire regiment."
He gave bi life freely t his country ; he fell in
aeaae which his large heat t and generous patt i
otism eh-i ihd ns hacrel ; a cause lor which all
good Christie: s pray, and Goo pt ospets; end tuif
reflection gives great balm te the bereaved.
Oa Dr. Hornby's farsn,
He ftls a soldier's jrrave !