? -,y x-
4
1
3EEC0NFEDEEATK-
A. M. GORMAN & CO., fropmlcrs.
nnn mTiiniMiri rrrrm
111 ft UUir rjlJliliAliii.
ADVERTISING.
TEEMS :
ADVFUTISEUENTS wiUbelnecrted atTBn
DOLLii-Lrer ioare often lines (or 1cm) for each
inasrtioW: Marriage notices and obitnariei will te
chargedu advertUemcnti. '
' JOB WORK.
. JOIJ jrOKK or every description will bt ex
ecut?d at t bi$ Office with di.piteh, und at neav
a can be .done anywhere, in the Southern Co
fctleracv. .
DAILY EDITION, for6 months..:...
1 . .......... 1
TRl-WSEKLY, for 6 months. 30
"3 "
TTLKKLV EDITION, fQfCwontL? n
No3uo3criptioTiswi!l bo received on any other
tern than the above, ner fr a longer or shorter
period. Ml HI . ,
VOL. 1.
RALEIGH, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 186$.
NO. 44.
Yf
G
1 he habit or political s is to find fault with
administration whither or uo. They'fteettsc,
against those who disagree with therr., tvery
imaginable offence. They deal in 'gtnera,.5
ties,o if possible to set the advantage of
making an accusation, without affording to
those accused, the opportunity of refuting the
accusation, la this way, they throw upon
the hcadtf government, or the heads, of de
partments, or superior officers, all the offences.
f subordinate., without cvr attempting to
LriDgta their ncti&e the particular efivnele'-,
or offence intending only to aid their opposi
tion to oarxvn administrators. Bnt wi.i'e
this is thy eoc&ict of parti zans, tt is an tx
a.uple not to W flowed by the public.
i,U officer s the Government whether
civil or military whether mpcrior or subor
dinate, are servsu of the pu'dic interests,
.an4 it is the duty tf all citizens to take notice
when such public .rant-; slight or omit their
duties .it the public letriruent, or are guilty of
any malfeasance in ic office which they hold.
It is for the waatof this public scrutiuy,
and because so few persons are disposed to
,r&pon, misrouijtct of thte who hold
offices, chat aecctad disregard of duty,
and cruciial departures from duty so often
-occur, by which te Government is br ught
ict disrepute, ani ihe popular rights ar.d
interests are damci.'
We pretest fc oi:c reader. to-day, a sensible
and practical artiei-, on this subject from a
late Richmond Sentinel, and we commend to
cur readers, th.it wow when tociety is deeply
interested iu the fidelity' of public officer?,
they ought to ad p the .Sentinel's suggestions,
and feel it a duty to report those 'who are
guilty of impreper cr nelic r.t conduct.
Malfeasance in Office.
It is the duty of citizens, when-ah irstar.ee
of malversation in "office cwmes under thrir
tbsirvaiicn, to make report f the offence ti
the superior authorities. It is a duty which
they owe to themselves and the country, and
which they may nut wmil without jus.ly in
curring censure. The public interest are ia
volved nay, in a time iika this, ti e public
'safety is at stak, ami a patriot has no pro
per cltctieu as the cnre he will pursue.
This duty of the citizen iavelycs a corres
ponding dt.ty on the part of the r.ffioer to
whom offences are to be rpvncd. If the'one
must inform, tlie other must listen. If one
nuit indicate the existence of malpractice,
the other must promptly investigate and
punish.
Nor is the duty of ei'her the citizen or the
supervising authority, by any rm.aris. confin
ed to such cases of offence as are capable of
being presented in the form of an exact aecu
satfon, supported by full and technical proof.
To lay down such a rnle would be to grant
impunity t the great majority of criminals.
Ihe purpose of an in formal ion is to institute
aud direct inquiry ; and its just responsibility
are fully tuet, if it show j-roballe cause. The
magistrate commits lor tiial upon a reason
able suspicion. The grand j ury orders a man
to star.u ilr his life, ou ex parte testimony.
Jt is only by an aathoritatt vt investigation,
that the evidence which unfolds the ttuthcan
u.mallv be diseovtreJ : and this iuvestivatiun
it is the province of Government to under. ake
ami to conduct on its own responsibility. If
no trial were ever ordered until absolute proof
of guilt were first proauced, aud by some voU
Ui.trr r rose cuter, the courts might almost as
well be ah lished, and public juries declared
at an end
These principles seem obviously just ; but
they are not understood jo be so conceded in
practice, in eme of the tk'partmeuts of the
Government. JSomo of ttlo officers who are
charged with the oversight of subordinates,
do not take Lints or ordinary information
from citizens, as guides to the r own observa
tions and investigations. They rtquire a re
sponsible alifgjtion and formal proof as the
foundation of an inquiry. They have been
led to adept this reserve probably in conse
qucr.ee ot the great number ot complaints
due to ignorance or querutousness, or origi
nating in personal feeling. These they may
always expect ; but these are not sufficient to
justily them in reputing the approaches of all
citizens indiscriminately. They should, on
the contrary, keep an open door fur honest
well -meaning men, aud receive with manifes
tations ol iLank fulness the communications
which thfy may make for the good of the I
public service. Au investigation which the j
Goven.mer.t may cenduct without iuconveu--ience,
is olteu inatter of personal feud, per
haps deadly quairel, if avowedly based ou
a private accusation. Individuals will shrink
trom occupying such a position, if not from
timidity, at least frim that preference for quiet
which must men fee'. Especially will they
do this when theyare not personally poses
fed of proof adequate to the fulestat.lbh
n.ent of their opinions. Oflicejs who place
obstacles in the way of receiving in.'crtuation
as to the malversation ot their subordinates,
will find indeed that they escape the annoy
ance of frivcleus complaints, tut they wiil
succeed also in giving license to the unworthy
to do pretty much as they list.
fcuch impunity must operate very disadvan
tageous in a community circumstanced as is
ours. An infinite number ot public agents
are scattered over the country, many of them
entrusted with the most delicate duties, where
the observation of superiors is impossible, and
where, in consequence of the difficulty of de
tccting irregularities, tlure can be but little
responsibility. In such cases, the.public eye
and ear, must be the principal witnesses and
destructives. The observations oi the citizens
ought to be carefully invited, and theirfstate
ments rcspctfuily listen d to and duly weigh
ed. They mutt not be told to be siient un
less they shall choose to volunteer as positive
accusers and foimal prosecutors, and thus give i
io a puouc mauer the aspect and character tf
a private alteration. An officer ha. no right
to thrust such an alternative upon a citizen ;
and its effects is as we have said, to secure IU
cocse and impunity to ofiendeis, even to such
as excite the most open disgust.
It n-q-ured no gift of pnphcT, whatever
to predict what the result of the interview be
tween the f : peace commissionets'and Lincoln
and Sewanl would be.
This result is entirely consistent with
tf.e persi.-teniassumptioLs of our enemies.
"Lincoln 1 as so often repeated the declaration
ihat peace could only ensue on submission' to
his authoiity ; and tho acceptance of the laws
of the United States of which his prccloma
tions werei part- that no oi c could for a
moment pfeteiid lobe ignorant of his purposes.
And Congress hacbepformeti itself strictly to
his doctiincs; and 7JCi-rAJ thtrc been one
single authoritative mmotincement that there
was any olhtr offr to be madhioiis.- Never?
theless, theru were, some ainocjjvmr peop'e
who pretended, and others who rtally. nought,
they saw chances c f -negotiations, on the bqsis
of an honorable pr ace. The effort to open
negotiations l y our government the how sty
and sincerity of which no one can now' ques
tion places the matter now in snch a light,
that there b ho longer any.ccopc for fancy or
surmise.
In emphatic language, the government of
the United States reruscs to enter upon negotia
tions with Confederate government, through
its authorities ; and dedans that it will listen
to no terms or proposals of any' agreement,
looking to an ultimate settlement from the
States se per atcly. Mcs ers. Stephens, Camp
bell an i Hunter convey this. intelligence, over
their own signatures, to the people; and thus
a ptriod as put, it once, and definitely, to all
possibility of separate State action, or pint ac-.
tiow by States. We tru.-t that the i fleet of
this informatijn will be, to lay this ' notion
aside, as an obsolete idea. This will surely
be te case with all men who have ever been
sincere; and we hve reason nw to expect,
that a unanimoua sentiment for resistance
wi 1 live iu every heart, and brta'.he from
every lip. Now is the time perhaps the last"
men mav have, who have been misled into
positions of seeming hostily to the cause to
put themselves right. The war spirit is rous
ing again in the lard. The fues of 18G1 are
bejJnt'ihg to be rekindled. They will eoon
blaze aud florae, lighning up the whole land
with a glorious enthusiasm.
As ever, the army is in the advance; and
its noble and ardent 'resolution already com
mences to be emulated. Our dispatches, of
yesterday, bring intelligence of an' immense
tear meeting in Richmond, with jtatrioiic
speeches from President Davis and Goo.
Smith'' speeches which were cheered by an
enthusiastic multitude. This will be followed
by mass assemb'iesj throughout the war-worn
Commonwealth of Virginia, whereat, her
eloquent and -gifted Orators will plead the
cause of freedom, to ba wou by "strong arms
and stout hearts." And North Carolina will
respond to this appeal of her border sister.
Her people will catch the enthusiasai ; they,
t o will assemble, to lUten, and resolve. We
may expect, with confidence, thai Graham,
Gilmer, Smith, Turner, Dr. Leach, (for we
have reason to believe that strong as have
been h;s inclinations to peace negotiations,
that he will spurn the degrading propositions
of Lincoln) aud the whole Congressional dele
gation, will come forward to address, to en
courage and lead the people, in the new
movement "about to take place. And not
only they; but, that all the intellect and
beauty in the State, will now rally to an un
divided support of the cause, until not a voice
shall be heard, in all the State, but the-voice
of courageous purpose. If this shall be the
case, we may then hpptj for quick and impor
taot changes in our condition. Victory witl
come again to our standard, and remain there.
N more will the vigor of the arm be Veak-.
entd by the timidity of the will. The wai
will be shortened by the devotion of lt)e na
tion's poer and resource, to the single
object of carrying it on. Restored confidence
will put an end to many evils, and much
suffering engendered by its less; and the
country will revive under the inspiration of
a brave and determined spirit.
It is perfectly true that we have the ene
my now in a better position to give nim a
fatal blow, than we have ever had since the
war began. There is Sherman, iu the swamps
of Eisteru Carolina, where the roads are
few, narrow, and flanked by impassable
swamps. A comparatively Email force ought
to leck him up, Iront and rear, and utterly
destroy him. His overthrow weuld recoil at
once upon Grant, whose position would be un
tenable, with .Sherman destroyed. If, within
a reasonable time after meeting, inNovember,
Congress had adopted the necessary legisla
tion properly to reinforce the armies, we would
now have had a force in fremt o Sherman,
and another on bis flank, capable of demolish
ing him. It is not yet too late. "If even
Charleston and Wilmington be lost, and our
lines be withdrawn from the coast," if, then,
the strength and courage of the nation be
employed, our independeCb will be certain
and speedy. Who will put the ball in mo
tion, to re-establish the harmony of our peo
pie. in North Carolina ?
Governer Clarke hasssued a proclamation
convening the Mississippi Legislature in extra
Beasion. It is to assemble in Macoa n, the
29tb of Februaiy.
The Crisis Ho met.
ThcLeg:8lature, in its last momen's, be
thought it, that it might be of import in this im
pending crisis, to re organize for the moment
the military strength oT the State ; and a bill
was introduced to "Promote 'the tfiiciency of
the Home'Gnaid.". We are not informed of
the jspscifis items 0f tfce , . ni the -amcnj;
inenr$ introduced, soon disclosed the object
radlto be,to "promote the deficiency oi the
Home Guard."
0:rnTtmber proposed to exempt Wardens
of.thc Poor. Another, tocxempt ilf county
officers. Another, to exempt overseers , of
ro;jdi and patrula. Another, the Mayor and
Commissioners aud -pblireif 11 deigb. - An
'. other, these of Salisbury, Wilmington, &c.,
&c, Where upon, Mr. Sam'l F. Phillips
pi oposed to exempt all the mayors, commis
sioners and police of ell incorporated cities,
towns, villages, and crossroads in ihe Slate.
Upon being informed that there were no in
corporated cross-roads, Mr. Phillips withdrew
that art of his proposition. What became
d bill, amid the display of harlequinism
-which ensued, it was impossible for au .in
tellignt observer to discern.
If a stranger had happened suddeuly on
this assembly ; and had been told "this
State is at war; a Jrge portioi of it is occu
pied by an invading enemy; many, many of
its people are destitute refugees, ceiled from
their homes, and the same enemy is thfeatening
its vitals ; and these are they who are legisla
ting for its defence' this stranger woulel have
at ones fid, "ycur people have sent idiots to
take care of their safety."
We defy, from the prodactions of history,
any scene -bearing comparison with "that of
M. hay, in the IIoue. of Commons. '
- -
When it was ascertained that Messrs. Ste
phens, Campbell and Hunter ' had returned
to Richmond, wUh'the ultimatum of Lincoln,
declaring that uuconditionaUubmission, with
the abolition, of s' a very, .were his only terms
to bo allowed to rebels, Judge Terson, of
New Hanover, offered a preamble and resolu
tions in the House of Commons', reciting the
facts as being authentic, and declaring the
duty and purposo of our pcr.ple to resist to
desradir g an ahcrnative. It" might, have
teen supposed that so loyal, true and manly
a sentiment, Would have Diet unanimous sanc
tion ; but it was quite the contrary. Dr.
Grissom moved to postpone till May. Mr.
Smith, of Johnston, would have moved some
thing worse still, but Mr. Samuel F. Phillips
obtained the floor. And now hear words of
wisiom. This gentleman was not prepared
to act with haste; he required time to deeide
whether he would say a word for his country
whether he would declare resistance in
preference to submission. He wou'd wait
for the Commissioners' report. In-vain was
he told, that the information was authentic
approved by the proper authority. Mr.
Phillips succeeded in preventing the House
of Commons from declaring that the offer of
submission was imcompat-ible with the honor
and safety of the people of North Carolin g
Dues Orange county approve this conduct?
Where is the spiiit cf the men of seventy
six ? Is there no reh-ike in these djiys for a
slow coach, that cannot be. dragged over the
road of patriotism? '
A Wonderful Exploit.
The Legislature, in its last hours, conse
crated Surgeon General Warren to have the
rank and emolument of Brigadier General,
for distinguished services.
Happeuiug, in the moment when General J
Robert E. Lee is appointed to be General-in
Chief of the armies of the Confederacy, this
tribute to military worth in North Carolina
is not without significance. The tvfo -events
run pari passu ; aud each will obtain a deci
cision from the public judgment.
Orders, announcing the transmission of boxes
tj our soldiers, once a month, will be row
signed Brigadier General Warren$ S. G'
We have no doubt that Walter Thompson
and Mr. Utley will, continue in the same bu
siness, notwithstanding that no promotion
has been extended to them.
Col. F. M. Parker, late of the 20th N. C. T.,
of Cox's (Ramseur's) Brigade, has been retired
from active duty, on account o wounds re
ceived, and ordered to report to Gen. Holmes,
who has given him general superintendence of
Enrolling offices vin the -1st and 2od Dis
tricts of this State. Col. P., is a brave and
efficient officer, and he will be gratly misged
by his gallant regiment, who loved him with
filial love. ' . ,
. We opiue, he will stir up Enrolling officers
generally, and smoke out many skulkers, who
flattered themselves they were secure for the
war. If all enrolling officers . would do their
wide duty, there would be no need of consoli
dation in North Carolina Regiments. -
. . . . ,
Brig. Gen. Bryan oOnes has been made
Major Geneial, and assigned to Bodes Divis
ion,, of Earlys (Ewell'sj corps. I'Ee division
consists of two North Carolina, one Georgia,
and one Alabama Brigade. Gen. Grimes is an
excellent officer, and' will adniiQbly fill the
place of the gallant and lamented Bodes.
General Custis Lee Has been made a Major
General, and assigned to the command of a
division on the north s;de of the James.
V . For the Confederate.
, Pcace.-rWhere is it ? -
Srmo people tell us' that grim-visagtd
war" is abcut 1 1 "smooth his wiit kVd frenit,"
and o .decidedly do they prophecy, sJConclu
lively do they reason, that many of us sre
'beginning to be! eveti at w shall re&Uy wake
up son e morning ("try soop) and I car the
bill tolling the blessed advent of gen tie peace.
Ged grant itif it oomo honorably'. Th,-?
circungfarees nf our ' present -political condi
tion, and tue rapid strides i f great events,
make it exceeding difficult" fur even ihi brsi
inf-jrmed minds of the ;nost astute statesmen
in the land" to haye any fixed qpinion about
"coming events.". They "cast their h.idoWb
before us, but the shadows assume nocrrtain
shape. Every body km. ws thaf we can h;V3
peace on terms v. h!oh amount to practical
-'submission--f ulj igatmn. Mr. Lincoln, again
arid'agiin, has p ornised tj receive us "erring
brothel 9"- into the peaceful bosom cf the
Union, provided we lav duwn our arms. And
unpalatable! i this may appear, it is possible
that we may yet amazi tne nations, whose
admiring gs z ; has bee-n upe n- us- so 'long, by !
a cowardjy acceptance cftlc ttrra? It no
longer shocks, nay, s areely irrifares the pub
lic mind to hcr men iu high places coubsel
tction which leads to-this deplorable des
picable end. J'rem the Seaate chamber -of
this St-fe loud vic s are pitewtisly appe dir g
for negotiations which wiil e-ffect this sort tfj
eace. Oaly the ether day the senator from
Guilford e:olared,-empha'ical!y and d amat
ically, that it was his fixed purpose to imitate
another great senator who always closed his
harangues to the Itcnian Senate, with these
memorahle words, delenda est Carthago.
"In like manner," said the honorable mem
ber, "will I continue to close with, we must
have peace ." Tn-c gentleman might have
more apprepriaiely stood on the floor of the
United States Congress and delivered Ihis elo
quence to an audience thai wtld surely ap
plaud ; and ii wuuld have better conformed to
his known sentiments, and ihe sense and anal
ogy would have been more strikingly com
plete, had he said delenda est confederatio.
There are not a tew leading udnds arduous-
ly tailing to briug this destructive peace to
their, beloved (?) people. It is a viper whose
sting might w.um into a vitality and some
day strike those who nay . have too hastily
embraced it, and so, these peop e, with com
mendable care and duo consideration, have
lately pushed forward a catspaw orator for
the purpo.e of feeling the pulse of the public.
By fixquent application of these anesthotic
remedies, they hope to get the patient into
such condition that the most violent resecting
peration may be performed. The authors of
Mr. Hanes' speech, (recited to the llouie.of
Commons tvro weeks ago,) in their Ubored
theories which sound very plausible to the
popular ear, take higher and bolder ground,
than eyer, and it is easy to see in wh'it direc
tion they are movie g. The. majcr portion of
this remarkable production would sound well
in Fanueil Hall, Boston. It is painful to all true
Confederates to know .that such men have
being. The great heart of the nation, we
may thank Eleaven, does not beat responsive
ly to any such terms of treason.' It is per
fectly cvideut that our government is not so
basely recreant to all sense of honor, not sj
lost to reason and good sense, not so foolishly
suicidal asto desire or except a reconducted
peace. These are the terms, viz : "Union as
it was Constitution as it is,'' on which the
Federal Government will- insist. Failing in
this, it is possible that independency may be
offered us on the conditions of prospective
emancipation of the slaves, an u mutual reiter
ation with immediate enforcement of the Mon
roe doctrine. There is, evidently, an ou side
European pjessure .ou the Yankee govern
ment, which may operate ?o powerfully, that,
the United States wiil be the first power, af
ter all, to acknowledge our nationality.
ifut in this cvect (should we accept the
terms) shall we have peace ? Not only would
it be the policy of wisdom ip the Federal
Government thus to attempt to heal the grie
.vous wounds ii flicted on. us, or tt least hide
ihejscars, but the allied States, from sheer ne
cessity of keeping "honor bright,' would
immediately declare war against France, and,
perchance, England ;a'nd ' the - bayorets so
Jong pointed at each other Would respectively
turn to opposite points of the compass. Who
c-in doubt theje would be a struggle? long
.and great a struggle of giants, for the prize
of the victors will be a continent. It would
be' a death grapple between democracy and
monarchy, Wktrevtr we turn pur eyes, then,
grim war stars us in the face. -The whole
circumference of the political horizon is glow
ing with its . red beams in whose sombre
Ught we stand, and with, a kind of frarfulo
lemnity, pef r into the great future. "Destiny !
destiny 1 " rings and echoes aloug tho corri
dor of time,' and it our duty, calmly and
wisely, to look straight into this corridor,
and if Divine wisdom has- decreed war as
the inheritance of the present generation, it
becomes us to accept our destiny right man
fully. If -this is to be our normal condition,
if for the living s,jiever more 6hall "the war
drums cease to beat, and the battle flags be
hurled it becomes every man of us to act
bravely his part.
If thVpath of duty leads into gloom and
danger and darkness, still it is safest.'and test
to fellow that path. Willing. or unwilling,
faint-hearted or bold, a higher necessity is
pressing'us on to the accomplishment ot the
grand and mysterious purposes of "Him who
doeth ali things well."
It may be (who knows ?) that tho time
comes when this little globe of ours-shall
tremble to its centre with the tread of im
mense martial hosts gathering for the last grand
struggle, and that the heavens above us shall
presently echo the fearful thunders of the
last baiije between "G-g and Magog." It
may that : he events now transpiring may
l e only little scenes, in the first act of the
last tragedy of nations that when tb cur
tain falls it will be the last of cur petty plays
in which Sin and Crime shall be the applauded
"stars' of kthe delighted legions of the
damned It may be that when the curtain
shall next rise, this stage shall be so regener
ted, that the company of heaven bending
from their shining sea's to witness the glori
ous performances of Virtue and Purity, shall
throw downbefore the world's foot lights a
chapel -of plumes7 from angels' wings, to tho
"httle child" that leids together 'the lion
atid tl o Iamb." In one woid, to drop inpiji
phor, it may b that we live ia the time which
iramediatcly . r-recejrs ihe miilemum that
vc.i now the kingdoms of this world totter to
their fl, and His kingdom comes. It is
enough to make the tear tremble in the eye,
the heart throb almost to bursting to see and
fep that this may be though d.uk a pio
jure of tru, nature, reality that we who
.me m.w, mnBt be actors in tl.U drama. We
ciLnot look fur better firms in the popular
direction. Rather one tl.mgis eW.iii ikaco
will no, ca:not epic through cither channel
Ahno! we eo v expect it. To ek it oitht r
m "submission,1! "unconditional' Uoijn, or'
conditional" independence is vain wit Totild
. be ito expect .the sIar system, suddenly and
msracul u sly, to icru?e to oVcy tho.e natural .
laws, by: which it operations h?T heen jr.,r "
toed for nearly six thousand years. Where
then ihall we look for it ? Is there no hope ?
It is to be feared there is n i r fnr th
pie, weary and t-l-k of war, wi;i, at n dis-
tint elay, accept a so-called peace. If s
Til 1 V f.tit lil.n m..u AM .. . .11 1
'-The oidj hope of a lasting neace to these
Gnederate State U in Uxc-ikmtioxal In
dependence. To presecute the war to that
f : d is not only a duty we owe ourselves, bpt
potterity, and after all, thoe who faver ihls,
those whem traitors call war men are the
- b:-sl and truest peace mm. It is the surest
way, the only road to permanent prr.re for
us; But how ? why ? Because the balance
of power would be so equally adjusted on the
continent, that none w uhl disira or daro to
break the peace. Without alliance s, eae h in
el pendent of another, the Uvg democritic and
the two monarchical governments w..u!d b)
Vfry quiet in" their dispositions. Tr.e tin.p
might come when the antagonism e f feeling
ad sentimeuts in the two forms, would ,cnt
late strife, and then would come a clash of
arms, which would sweep one cr the other
from this land. But that time would not bo
now. We should e; cape the ordeals
Some faces grew sad at the pcrusul of the
last dispatches from Richmond, whic h stated
that the "Lonelon Times" says that -'nonf- of
the European powers will guuaLtee the in
dependence 'of the Confederacy as proved,
even with agreement to abolih slavery"
and that Butler had said to a L-jWrll audieaia
faat "it is idle to talk cf peace or reunion,
"till the rebel army of Northern Virginia is
defeated or captured.''- If the ''English
.Thunderer" and tLe Northern Beast" are re
liable exponents of the respective seutirr.cuia
tley profess to lepresent, this is j yfnl news.
Fort her-. comes a hothat there "is an im-
I ejious m ral neee.-sity'on us to 'fighCit out,'
and engenders the belief that we can ex'p'cU
-nothing much from the great "commission"
to 'Washington. It Will, nmhaltlv Riiinnnt
to nothing tsngible, and it is to bo hoped, L
mat, existing aissensious may be healed that
no longerrby such means shall thatelemorali
zation exist among t he people at borne, rVhich
threatens to extend its dangerous influences
- to ther army. We should rencrve ourselves
tor a Utile more of suffering; aud of cemflict.
Now, in this crisis, we should be firm as
the everlasting hills inflexible as the giant
oaks of the forest. We should never consent "
to desert the cause of Liberty and Indepen
dence that cause to which have been volun
tarily given the.' lircs of Jackson Sti.art,
A?hby, Pettigrew, Bee, Barton and ahost of
other known and unknown henn-s. We, we,
of the present, who "have fotigl.t'in this war,,
can n-.ver embiacs the detested Yankee by
re-union never shako his blood-stained hand
in alliance and surely, on bended kneos, wilj
never bow to him in base submission. In the
ben after, when this river of blood shall have
flown by, policy may dictate te future genera
tions an alliance or perchance, re-union. But
everything forbids it now.
Unconditional Independence is our safest
peace. Those who seek conditional union are
fit for the tyrant's yoke. There is reaction
dow, but let us remember that revolutions
-never go backwards. If we are true to our
selves, all is well. Peace will come in His own
good time, and with i:' independence. Even
now, the invincible "array of Northern Vir
ginia," guarding arlike the gates of historic
Petersburg, aud the "temple of freedom, is
sendirjg forth words of gooefrcheer to hearts
which were desponding, and thousands of the
same voices which have cheered (or liberty
on a hundred victorious fields, assure their
loveei ones that all is well, all ii Weil. Sub
mission? never. Re union 1 never. In tones
which may well chili the blood of the op-
pressing Vaudals of the North, and 6end a
thrill of joy to the hearts of all who love this
Sunny South, re-echoing jike thunder from the
cold trenches yonder,, and ringing all over
this bravfind, they are shouting,
"Forward! let us o or die."
FELTON, 9th V. C.
The abiive communication was handed in
same-days since, and we intended it to e in
serted in yesterday's paper, but the, copy was
misplaced. Ed Confederate.
A soldier of Clingman's Brigade, in Hospital
below Wilmington, writes us a letter of inqui
ry , and says
1 Tolnnteered as a private in March, 18C2,
in the 5 1st Begiment N.'C, T., for three years
unless sooner discharged by proper authority,
and I have been practicing medicine ever since
July, 1863. I want to know if lean be- com
pelled to serve a longer period, or will my pro
f33ion clear, me?"
It is our impression that the authorities can
still-retain Li an in service, after his present
term has expired, under the conscription act
The fact of his being detailed in the rrattice of .
medicine wHl not exempt him. ' "
Maj. Gen. Psgram, killed in the battle ' at
Hatcher's Ban, near Petersburg, on the 6th
inst., had been married only two weeks.
Iiiprtakt Rumob. It is rumored that
the Frenc'i Consul at Charleston has called
cfiicially on Mayor Macbeth, and shown him
his . xequater signed by Prisidect Davis. It
true it is vir'tual rec5gniion.rronte end
Stnlvntl. - . '
?. The Toico or the Army.
1J F.ETIXei OF THK 43l 5. C. TR'V'P.
At a li.eetii g of Com f any "A 4:11 Regi
ment. hcld Feb. 1st, 1805, tho following pre
amble and resolutions were unaninfouy
adopt : . - v
Wherka--, It Aprwars tiiAt afpirit of dc-.
Fprn.triry, nripiig from a gloom r view of the
disaster' which .Jiavc Teccntly befalleu onr
a'nis, and fro'a a gn-ucd'e di-trr.ai in tho
beit.csty,' patriotism and adit inistrativc talcnU
1f our Jreldent," and the abili of our army
to suTe?ully cope with the enemy in tho
c imii g campaign, i-tin icmi ua iogibclf into
the nd .els ed the Mop!o ; and canits them,
unmindful alike cf the rivers cf olo'jel' which
c5nstkute a boundary wliieh no compromise
canrmse, and resardlpfss oi th 'sacrifices
which have-already been mide, to dctiro
peace upon the ba.!s of a rtce'Utructhrf ef
tic old Union : And vl.erens, there? exists in
the Legislature of our State, rs hown ty
some f their recei:t gotioir.', a timidity iwiko
unmanly and t:nwarrnntl by the prscnt
condition of our atT.ii:s; and b licing that "a
ree expressiin of tho fvTlings and opinions
eatert incd by tln so who have f e d il o
em my in many u 'hard fouiht b.tttlc, at;d
who constitute but a reinfant of a ono
pr yd and chivalrous bind, Vould have a
tendency to elevate the ton of public senti-menf,-clieer
the elcspondirg. strengthen tl J
wavering a-nd sil.'LCi crevkers, wc il there
fore tes'Ive.
1st. That we have unabated conflJJnec in
the fidelity, honesiy, patriotism and ability of
President Dj vis ; mat v,-.-b-heve that in all
cans he ha-, beet) actui'erl by a spirit of
devii.n to couatry, aid a sincere and
caught de-ire for the promotion of the public
g..d ; and we belire that the st'o'y of the Re
public, no UsR than his own merit:, requires
that the whole country kIh old give Lim their
generous and utijted fiuppnt.
21. Ti at in the recent reverses to our arms,
we see nothifig to excite hcrious concern was to
the fitnl ;s-ue of the struggle fi.r independence
in which we are (linage d, but rathr ran incen
tive to a grand ellort, nobler saciificcs, aud a
more uiifiinchin determiuaiion.
Sd. That tu accept a peace, oi any other
conditions than ti c recognition of our nation il
ii dependence, would bo itjinnco to eurselvcs,
to the cause of Liberty, and insulting to tho
nu-moiy e f e ur brave, comrades who hare so
nobly sac-'ifiud their livis on tlir country's
altar.
4:h. That though not unmindful of our
putt toils and sacriliec?, and while wo would
hail with d'-light the return of an honorable
peace, jet havtng tktn rp arms in defence of
our rignts, we w;!J never willingly lav them
down until the Confederacy is acknowledged
as a free ai d independent p wtr uinong tfie
nations of the c'arih. -
5th. T at we beseech Cio L'gislature of
oi.rlState to alle.w their pioccedings to to
marked by co spirit of opposition to the Con-,
fedc ate Government, but rather a disposition
to I ring all available means to the support
ai.el advancement of the cause of Liberty.
6di. That relying upon the justice of our
ca ise, making the Us, possible uc of tho
mt-ai s with which Providence has provieleel
us, nj prayerfully having tho result lb .tha
Goel of hittles, are ti.e eiiily means by which
wc m ty exp.jct eiiiurto u eiitor secure tho
peace atid iiidipeiideuco wc to DiUch defire.
7'.h. That wc have none-w pb-dto make,
but stand reidy with our lives to redeem
thos already given.
8'h. Tnat a copy of these proceeding bo
torwardeil to Remental aiul llrigale Jle.id
Qiiarters ; m o to State Juiirtial and "WiN .
-n iugtnH Journal and tuc Riclituoiid Sentine l,
for publication.
S. D. FARRIOR, Prcs't.
B. F. HaiJi, Scc'y.
Take Care of your Confederate Money.
We think that the period of eupcrbuniaocs
of Tnabury notes is near its close. The
amount in circulation is to be limited to- one
huudved mid fifty miliious, instead of fivi hun
dred millions, us it was not long ag ) ; and that
hundred and fifty millions is to serve not only
the purposes of trade but the requirements of
the people to pay the cnorraeus taxes which
Congress is "b jut to Irvy. It is raid those tax
es will hereafter amount to seven hundred mili
ious of dollars a ycur that is, the full amount
acnu Uy required to support the g jverurneut
in the prosecution of the War, until the ytnkees
shall be willing to-make peace. It would be
uuwi.te, t f coupso, and even unjast, to throw
all the burden of this upou the Pre-ent, if any
part of it Could be postponed to the Future;
but that cannot be, lor the people do not buy
the government bonds to any const lerable ex
tent, aud it would not only be useless but ab
solutely injurious to is ue more Treasury
uotes The government has but tbroe modes
by which to provide means; the issue of Treas
ury r.otes, the sale of bnd and the collection
of taxes. The two first Laving been ex
hausted, the third ouly remains. The taxes '
will be high, very high. But, as heroteyore,
the people will pay them cheerfully. They
are the price of Liberty; and it is better to
pay tbt price than to allow the yaokeei to
take all auJ to take our liberty along with that
alL
What we desire particularly to injpresT upon
our readers cow, is the fact, that it will take
the whole amount in ciiculatioa, four times
each yvar, to pay seri n hundred millions of
dol!a:s of taxes. Probitly a large portion
will oe to id e payable io kind, and not ia mon
ey ; but still there will be S3 much remain! rg
to be paid in money as to create a we for all -the
Treasury notes that most people can ootn
mand. What will be the consequences ? An
inevitable scarcity of currency, its certain ap
preciation, and sncqually certain depreciation
of the. values of all other things. Those who
have been scattering their treasury notes as if
they were little better than so much waste pa
per, and thereby damaging the cause of their
country, will have abundant opportunity and
leisure to repent of their folly and w nt of pa-
trini9m.-i,ayetUvule Ubterver.
Go Amoso" Telem. "I suppose you -Lars
learned, gentlemen," said our great MHttnry
Cuieftian, General Lee, to two clergymen who
Lad called, on him, and were conversing about
the Vest means of promoting the spiritual in-O
terests ot soldiers, that the "way -to benefit
tiniAtu infifnntSAii i w r amAn t V. C m ttti
kty with tbcm '