THK CONFEDERATE.
A. i!. JOJIMW & CO., Proprietors.
TVSIINRS1HY, JUNE 22, 18CI.
The w outgone by, presented scarce a feature
anew in r'jt con.liticn cf thinjt io Virginia,
except t' - vxdje; ."us cu unsuccessful riitl upon
1'eter-h. -r. which brencit r.at the plock and. I
1 . . I
prowess ithol-c,! trpV, and tfc nwre te-- !
riou iii . more mice Cut movement eu Staun
ton. Fi. Jiff j Gen. TSrcctfi bridge wlihdrvwe
from tb Va'lrj, y h:iv;ne; removed th Dutch.
Jigcr-h v drinking ? 'izz. th" inray idvH.oeJ
with a : .-v.e jrr?-atly oii!t;i!Tn"t.'e;i!' -. that, otier
th? ci:;"i i &T jC3. Jrn? A-'l nfiPf d an.
equal lu whih iWs usefn', iiiflcer lost
his Hf -er force", tt re compelled co withdraw
from t:i--niU, nnJ the p'ea?i nr.J in many
point vie important tawi; cf Stauaton ii.'.a
fallen . .ro tb.ves!on M tbe foe. That his
rathl -r;tn-)al:m will depor; iiieif in its u
destru.r.TO and merollcsi fctjle, werau.5;h yrc
par 1 o expect. It is su re than proL&Lle tht
hy h i-' vi-i te-T LxijiJor, aci we xrvy expvci tu
bc:ir il;u huriiirg nd robLcry cf tlie Military
Iutit .:-3, utii th? nt iiu'toiaed aincunt othier
ing a- -n the private property of tbe fiilxcn'.
All tliii Is i:i:iifnti!.!e ; but whea T?e rtSect th$
this i ihefunj anil sabtance of jhQlte saesa
for t' wLu!? cipiiga jf this sjx itij1 it is
cor.if '(.ibla ami u the highest degrcj heeriug
thut v .-table a re tho .fortunes cf war, utii
ttteJ.. tis are it successes, wohuva dq other
rever -s to nllow. oa the set-of; cl the oxiemy
ag-iii ;ouracouut of capt'jrt-d t-jwus, recover-
eJ t .itory, Qapt'ie3 prisoner, armies Jo
filro; J, and cthtrs crippled aqd bailld of their
dcslr
W IiiV-' reason to bcinvt thai Geu. lye
"irh .aurv ivi-.Ufac.tio:!'' wilh tLe reult of tu
aft.n ji ri-.iiy,.tlio 3.d, tbaa of aay oiiuc
but : wiih G r,':it -tuco tha eaatpai;n hag:p.;
and -lo.v to-d.iy, tho Hal:ir.i.;r- Cwnver.ti.in
bet;; ; over, tl? r'ac: is ap.rent i l!.e drft';t:
ol d antLrL' t!.at budy, tUat Yauked !n
be.: to eoMu: ilslf Hi SU0L'0jifi!, ai.J to
b"'n ve flat all the to ledums, uispatc'ucs,
rati urt aiid ov nespuudiuee wbicc Lavo
an-.acfd cjiMpIoio viotrie, stu:;niag dofoaia
of
v..
to
Hv
)t
1C
robyis. ivtre iU of I:e, and glorijtts ad
.cs of tiraut, to om lies Hw nt ? wbit
r iiri 6 t:iau taeir pruusra.
i the siri.') ly the prtdecessora
t.-.o tzibru'atois -now, tu-day, ibis
-iu "fJ.i k aftcra Iniis of near
on- :un lri tb uiiiud men, with d i'ki; doiib
t ! r 1 '.K-Uiud tifintii whtro p.dj and
A work d vy aud uighl, tho "ruaa thj
s.i Ho' bidbi:; m: skui'iii.g, zvA Advances
n . iwrn ; and is only to glad- if lie t:;ay Q.nd
a v v tu .-ii !e v.ft' ahin to son:e Qyv bu;o.
1, . ftniii:sli a::d ition bej: to 4cbanc bl9
b ia ihi -vrti't;-: style of tl.o tba litllo
X-tpoh-ou and Uc.kt McLellftu, with tbe saioo
? . oiioful u.-o-,f. What rien. propi-ss-s,
d t preTMiil t fur ess? ; bat tho uatiua
. us u: ?i !.i?:i with a patient coLfideaov;.
. .. I w; Jo kiio-, thai ia Uicbmond the cou-
ti-n romaiiis. bat th-j .nty )!safe;
Ve wrot the above two or throo dys agv.
- ueo thn, (irata has roved himself to b tke
M
.it'st of a.l the c'lanwlruj ; for he hiw made
lOther, the u3:-; cxtmordiuary of all tbosiidt-d
t. has yet slid First La dug tranches on
rrtfaohw in treat of Coid Harbor, throw rjp
astrorks liu? afU'r bne, paralleled and
1 urrowed up tfflfty ytrdeof the modest vorKs
t'Otn. Les. Tiiis was explicable. There are
; 1 the rar of Lee's lino thou occupied, three !
roisiuj;s of th Chickahomiuy with loads Uirect
tticUwon b To forva these crossings ws a f
ttural u pimtioa. Iiut no sooaer ha& hd dui;
IttcLos ouou-h to t)ary-biS whole army, ttmn ho 141 " capiuro 01
.:ids oil without ailowin- Gen. Lee to" pat tbea ? Vli ettb, the rescue of Eastern North Carv-
a condition for burial, A portioa goes to the ;f Koa, and t-.e brilliaat advantages gained ly
Vtfbit ose and ntbkrks, taUicg every inovo-, Gsn- ; and further, beuaus? tbo disloyal
.hie tain;; that uvl been shipped for army use riewv., ptirpr aci and a ici&tions of Mr.'Hol
n that paint. Another portion hare crossed ' Jen havj bt-ea mi cWrly exposed. But stiil
ihe l.vjg lirida. which is Ur do?a thr? stream ; the organization exists; and" that it is a crimi
n 1 a tlrd pjrtiou stitl, is ou the east side of nal misdemeanor, if not actual treason, to
ihn-v? iteri. Tnosc two last, pursuing the . belong to scb aa t.rdor, there is "ho doubt.
;oe r.Jjrs of tho eroek, biro reached VVstover " There are some go-xl and worthy men who
and Wilcox Lndm, far below Shirley aud : cut of undue alarm and anxiety about their
omewherv opposite to Otty Point. Tho pro
ceeding is altogether j curiosity. If Uraat in
tends farther attic cn Hiohmoud, why divide
his force? Why soad any force by the York ,
Itivcr, if th?y are to reappear cn tho Jaraes;
whoa a few miles would have carried his who'd
array from Cold Harbor to Shirley or Weatover!
A natural deduotlon would indicate the Potomao
as the destiuatiou of theso. Another medley
move is thai of the tcro sects, who made for
Westover. Liko soiuo other sects" we wot
of, th?re were ery few of the straitest sect,
they are they who catae out towards Riddle's
Sb'p and would bave occupied the Quaker road
a struigbt road, to Malvern Hill. But the "strait.
-at ep " were driven back, and rejoined the two
crooked seots ataong the windings of the Chick
shomiuy, hiving merely tcatto a feiat ; thereby
excelling their great leader us hero- who
as only depressed, tut revived without faisting.
And cow Grant's army of tbo Tctomae, army of
the EupiiaQ.'of the Korth Anna, of tke Chick,
abominy what remain belaud, is huddled up in
the very low-grounds where McCiellan grouped
Lis remain rafter tho seven dvs fights, when ha
left the order to surrudej on the opening of
Stonewall's artillery.
Unquestjer.ably, up to this time, tha oa to
Richmond" is ft failure a iwi'iairare to near
fifty thousand of thosa wlio walked on foot after
the maa in the saddle." What next t Let us
thank God for what we Lave, and wait hopfull
upon His farther dispensations.
Yirgimu HiUTABY Institute An oK
oiul diipatch announce on what seems good
autboriiyjthat tbevneray burned the build
ing of tbe Virginia Military Institute at Jex
icgtoa, en Sunday last. The Cadets are at
peut at Rope Ferry, Balcony "Falls.
We are sorry to learn of tbo aboTe de
itructlon, but it ia not much worse than we
expected from our loving brethren, the Tan
trlmlnaf Comb'jiat Jon.
reasox jw ALAbiMA.. Wp havo reeHvcd '
si: meat, frto partes i earned Kcd and ry
iu e citiz'-'Ct Mvitvi ;bat a treasonable
Ie . bo ban L$n .startd iu Jefferson and ad,
joi ngcoufidc baying foritsobjeet the ovy
tb i w of the Cofcfcderate Government, "4,
a elation. U called a Peaej? and "Ocnditu-
. j Ud'h-r Varl'.." The rentes of some of
tt -etive vrurkcrs bave bsen givrn.a'itl a p r
) ti of tbo oath taken has s,vt to u.
" tDo oatii taen. i.as wu ro ut,
A nits have been teat to wae in the armies
o, Gorria ar,l V;rginia-!so tn communi-
a 1 vi th the eneouy. We intend to publi&h
al the particnhi's a ooti s w( cau 2ftiier all
Jiits e is alio In tbis State of NoHh Carolina
n 7 at this time, and there ba ben fat noma
I t o a secret priminal organiifttin4 wbtj
a albers aro bound to eoh other bj. an oth,,
o? term are in broiwele vicjoos ao.i inj
d ral. This nrganifatiu ha-s 5t 'HlSjW
a 1 "grips," and 'pa!-s words." nd Us secret
d k lantern meetings. It was rioin&lly
r rtcd is tbe rnay of the eneray, and com-.
1 inicatf on. can bq ;?pt up, by rTresppiidingi
DS.
V hve vi.lence of tbe rqtUaqe of thia
,retrc35nbiiiittioa in hi cow1. Chatham.
J 'in.ston, p.nd Harnett. Vft kav& proof of
r ne d tbe Iedir.- ir.itia.i5a.int this crinv
t d order can call then by iwtiie and cra
i thsrn v. a. vjry Pljci;tini6 since, an ap--
t iicant for office nndet tb Confederate Gov-.
im?nt-tbT more ffecUtally tp enA'de biox
' perform his word id mischief.
Toe t ionization, 13 based o twa chapter
f...e 2nd and 6sb of t-!2 book Qfdohh.ua,,
1 ving rtlereafji o tbe sending cf the spiee,
i; ja the citjf of Jericho previous to its bcin
1 iSed, wb?rx .they were protected and con-
c- ded by tbo barlt Rahah. In eocsidera-
n 4br wbicb servics, they promised her, her
1 UEbold, her "-in, and those she might de
x' znato sy sign, to be protected when 'tbo
i jay shmdd in i'e.e its invn?iori; 1
So tho object of thV-e modem Rababitea, is
claim and ebtam the protcotion of the yan
).' t arinv. if it should reach tHis f5ect!on.
Tho further ttmlency of this or an bsalion
to caus8 and facilitate decrton, to weaken
t ir army and prcbico tba coc:udon for neo-
!. ition uo tbe basis of submission to .the ene-.
.v. A part of tbe obligation is also to aid a
1
-othor in distress whoever he may 6-
j bicb wotdd lead to facilitating tba eaeapoof
L -ion-?rs in our bands aad the peoalty ' pre-.
ribe l for a vioU.ik'n of the oath .is, that tho
Tending party shall b? shot through tbo
Qad.
Tki fnriV-An r-ii if r rf thi nri-! r: 2 it ion i
f it'icaZ; and ftvery "member of the order is
cpecipa to vote Tor Mr. umaen wuo, non
it a member, is abenciiciary of tbo orgaui
iion. Wo give tnls statement to the pnblio after
uo deribcratior We have seen the oath,
nd it is a criminal or.e in itself. We know
,.ae signs tht have been, and tbe paysworls
o conftder.ee ; aud wa hav se n witnesses,
jthra selves members, whe can point out the
"iritiHiors to wlv.ua we have referred ; and tba
witnesses art? respectablo, reliable men,
It is our opinion that lis dangerous and
mischievous ally of treason, merits, aad is
about to receive, .the attention of the govern
ment. Besides the evidence of tbe actual initiation
of raen, there bave been several proposals to
other m?n, 10 tike this protection ; which pro
posals wore not acceded tn.
There is a man in Chatham, formerly cf
this plaeejwbo made such an advance a short
tiia9 sinco. Tho organization is not so pro-f-
k .? u ... ..ri m
property and families, have been induced into
' this organization. We here warn all such;
we cuucsel and advise thorn before the expo-
S surcommnees, to come out from this evil
association. Every good man is morally
bound to expose sr.oh frauds and tricks pre
paratory to his own repentance. Tho oatb
such ram bave bean required to takef is 1
vain and rash o.th, and consequently sinfu',
and binding neither iu a moral cr leral poin
of vkw.
Tbe initiators who impose the oath, ihoug
they may b preachers, are not servants
God, but agents of tbe deviji criminals then:,
selvas, and the seducers to crime. Id tb
spirit of a sincera friend to 'the class of 01
fellow-citizen3 whom we believe to bave bet
deluded and misled, we advise them to tarsal
this unholy organization ; V conw before tl
commanding officer of the Posl, or th Con
federate Gmmissicaer, or V go before son "
magistrate, and expose it, so as rr aid the wi
nessea who w'dl reveal Us. iniquities.
enain also on all good 'men. towards who
advances have been made, to join, thia crin '
nal be dy, to certify the fact and the- perse 1 ,
that al! tbe Vrroboration njny be gives. A ' !
eves the guuty initiators themselves, by ;
timely repentance, may do a useful servi.' ,
! and escane a ?reat oeril.
j Befor;esileri minutely into thS snatt
! which will sunn call for judicial investigati ' ,
we avad ourselves of this opportunity to m, 3
our misguided fellow-citiaens to retrace tl ' r
steps.
Maji Gen. Robert Ransom having been :
signed to command in the Valley, Lieut. G ' 1.
Ewell has been appointed to the command of
-the Department of Richmond.
. Communications recommending certain r
sons as candidates for " -Sheriff,
&e., can only be
n4Q"dljniithPiei
j .
)QSftl !
Altv rii'.tn.. !. !
qr ices of epritae, by the eaactmcnt of laws
de ring baajtit and pecqr'mg panreiuaeat.
Id tost ca3 indiviioal offenees, the difS
cu . ii n,t in. the dUcpverv of the rime, as in
th proof lioqeFsary to Ovovict the offender; aud
in .1 8rtih cmth tLe injury is more apt tu be
fa lb $ &tlivh?ua subject of the wrongful act,
tb .KAciety.' The worst peril U the latter is
se et conspiracy, combination, qp association,
ft unUwful purposes. The evils and tnis-
cl fa of suQb an attack on society, may bt felt
ir iriously, severely, fatally-r&nd yet naither
f direct agent nor tbe manner of producing
t injury be ever discovered. If this be true
it ordinary times times of national peace, of
f- ial safety by bow much is the evil increased
c I the peril aggravated in the period of war
v a an emray invades our territory, when his
f aies occupy within our borders, when-hit
t ngtk, pertiuaoity and ferocious animosity
t ateu our very existence, whes State and
1 izens.ars environed with danger. Tet it ia in
j t such times as these, that bad, wioke4,
t . praved men league and combine, either to
mmit desperate deeds for aggrandisement, or
practice the less forcible, but as dangerous
d mhfohieveus stratagems and devices for
. (ding themselves of the troubles and re
onsibilities which beset the nation, and ought
be borne equally by all, by seorct and clan
)stine associations connecting with the enemy.
The greatest dangsr to society, in these
ses," a vises 'from its. own inertness. Tbe
itne works in tbe dark--hidden by tbe
jhtrmolas'itrder tbe ground, and strength
is unst-ea, ucMlisoovered. Society fels that
mething is wroug - the pressure of an evil
Sishce is discernible j but no oue undertakes'
discovery, and the evil works on.
Such is, and has been, the condition o
ing8 not only in North Carolina, but in
'eorgia, Aiabami aad perhaps Virgibia and
ie array, for some months. A deep, well
. onceTed,aid to some degreo well doveloped
lan. and cumbinatiou fur tbe overthrow of the
op federate Qovernment exists in ur midst.
Our evidence of tbis-
. Fir&t he statements ooaourriag of gen-"
iemen who livo is different portions of tke
State, ihich apeak of a secret association,
writb "grips,' "pass words,' and signs.
Second,- Tie corroborating statement ef
aen who live in different portions of the
State, as to tho foundation of this association
all concurriny; in resting its constitute
pn the 2ad uud Gib cbdpfei of Joshua the
j prumire of urotocivm, by ti.a spijs to Rbab
! and hr kin, . -
; Third VV bave the testimony f saveral
persoa.s, that tbey thmseifeb have bens ap
proached, with intimations to taku steis to
secure protection from the enemy, if a 1 a:d or
invasion roaches here.
Fourth -We know at ieast two witnesses,
who, if brought to tho book, can convict ono
initiator ; and wa bve beard the imina of
others, aud especially of a person ia this town,
who has initiated men iu this county arI
Johnston, aad who was a ybort time since aa
1 applicant for office ; and we believe with pro
sper erergy, witnesses aan L-9 adduced to con
vict bim
Fifth "Vi'e have sea tbe form of atb er initi
atica. It refers to the chapters of Joshua aud
corroborates tbs previous statements wo had
heard. It showa tfie association to be a secret
oath-bound organization the Oath secured by
tbs unlawful, immoral and vicious penalty of
: being shot through the head."" This oath
d:"clos that Yankee protection is one bjeot
that protection and aid to deserters is
another that aid and comfort to prisoners held
by our Government, to spies, indeed to any
yankee enemy, wh has the 44 sign, " is another
duty of membership, imposed by this oath.
Sixth Ye have heard positive testimony of
the cxisteuco of this association, with a full
recital of its objects aud purposes.
As a public journalist, aiding in tbo security
of society and seeking to guard thy commu
nity and the Government from danger and
crime, we lay these facts before the public.
Without maguifyiug the dangers or intending
to. produce a' sensatioo, wo express tbe earnest
and sincere conviction, that tbe prople of this
State "havd slept upou a precipice. Had Ply
mouth not been captured, so that tbe plan
which the enemy conceived to penetrate here
conid bave been carried out, there was a
wioked association, prepared to take protec
tion by tbe sacrifice of the loyal and true 1
And this association bad already prepared its I
msiguia, by which to be known. We should,
thus, if not overwhelmed by tbe enemy, bave
ben involved in civil strife with our own de
luded fellow citizen?, led by corrupt traitors
and torics.
Tbe enemyas long ago as in January last,
reinforced their eastern posts with cavalry
and mounted iafantry ; and since Gen. Hoke,
with Hanscra, Corse and Terry's command,
ami tbe brave soldiers, rescued Plymouth
it has come to be known what tho enemy's
plans were. We feel at liberty to say that
Kaleigh wonld have beea attempted, and the
enemy expected to meet friends. There is
abundant proof of this. We have been saved I
by the valor of our soldiers and tbe success
of our arms.
We have now done our duty. We have.
warned the public. That we honestly believe
what we publish, no respectable man will !
question that it is our duty so to sneak none I
but a traitor will call in doubt. " Whatever of
individual jesponsibiliiy it involves, we are
prepareu toencouuter. e
It now remains for tbe Government and the
1
public to take care cf themselves. If every
true man who knows any thing of this asso- I
ciaticn, will come forward and speak out. each
circumstance will make a liink. Let these
who have been seduced into thia den of infamy,
expose it. Let every man who has been ap
proached wiih unseemly propositions, expose
u Tn,To8et. Thecon-
Crir4tt;al tomhliiAtlons,
will burstfup tho whede affair. rThe Govern- '
raVnV we think; cats, make this proof. , . ! . f
tqmiL we think. can. make this proof. . . ..!.-. 4
I IF vcrv hnnet: faithfnt it.i.Ti will do bis
duty, a most nefarious, wicked, treasonable
conspiracy will be. laid bare. Our duty is
doae.
Peace,"
The people, if they are not bent on ignorance ,
and wilful subjection to the demagogue, must
have seen by this time that tbey have nothing
to hope from any oie man, or any set of men,
or any party which professes to be able to
secure peace '"path finders' who profess to
know some short cuts to peace. . Di laded
people who have already voted for men under
the idea not only under tbe idea, but.under
the actual promise that the election of such
and such men would - lead at once to peare,
where is now yonr peace? What single btep'
have these men, on whom you were told tp
put your trust, what step have they taken,
that indicates any hope of peace from their
exertions? Saeb men have made ridiculous
themselves and their constituents have ac
quired an unenvial le notoriety aftbe expenee
of respectability, and have done no good -not
an iota and totheir f-bame, if they bad any,
would the complete and manifest exposure of
this peace cheat enure. It is fortunate for
these very people, always the victims nf the
selfish and designing arts of the corrupt office
seeker, that a power has interposed against
the more illegitimate prosecution of thee
projects of peace. Had tbey been permitted
to run riot in their mad career, instead of
peace, we should have bad war Ci'tn'Z toar
here in our midst among; our owa people :
The one ride arrayed with the enemy to force
opon their neighbors and brethren abase, dis
honorable, destructive, submission negotia
tions they wonld have been called, but tbey
would bave been the negotiations which a
slave makes with kis master the captive with
hj jailer tbe subject with a remorseless
and tyrannical conqueror- And in this hour, of
infamy, degradation and sorrow, our eyes
would have been grceicd with tbespectacle of
Mr. Holdca deserting tbe premises as soon
as they became nnsafe, and in tbe temporary
enjoyment to which he would have been ad
mitted, until tho yankee bad ceased to have
need of bim : unless, indeed, some avencintr
band had put bim out of reach of this positive
ignominy. Just fo sure as we are here to-day,
in the gratification of victory and the pros
pect of a speedy independence, would we have
been beaten, and ruimd, and disgmccd, if tbe
hftlf-foolish and more than half-knavish project
of a convention bad been allowed to succeed.
Instead now of welc-'tninji the harvest which
is filling the granaries vriih tbe abundant
stores t.f food for the use cf man instead of
being able to watch tlie green corn crowing
- "
id tbo Seld there harvests wonld have been
bar-?, the corn and the wheat trodden down,
and the fields desolated. This would have
been your fate, people of North Carolina, if
you bad been allowed to listen to Mr. lloldeu
and the agitators, Vnon tbey would have in
voked you to abandon the Government, forsake
your sister Sta'e-, and your truo friends, and
go with them in a wild hunt after an illusory
and disreputable pesce. And -all men new,
who talk to yon of any peace, or plan for
peace, except. by and through the regular and
appropriate channels of Government, are false
to you false to the country enemiesof both!
.Our Government and our Congress, have
ever lost 'an opportunity of declaring to the
invader and tbe vvrld, our readiness and our
anxiety r peace. Effort after effort has been
made to obtain a hearing for propoailious ;
and tbe. answer from Iincol n's Congress, his
Government, and now repeated by the politi
cal organization which has re-nomiuated bim,
as also th't which nominated Fremont, is no
peace, but subjugation ! It wauld bo a woful
day for the poor and helpless of this land,
when tbey held tbe counsel which invites
peace on those terms. Tho elevation of the
negro race to equality with the white man,
wi!raloner without all else of evil, convert this
garden Jo a wilderness.
In tbe day when this inferior class can
walk on the pavement, and enter tbe house,
and sit by fhe fireside, and at tbe table, the
equal of the white man, and vote ballot for
ballot with kim at the polls on that day, the
knell will have been struck of the future
prosperity of tbe poor wbite laborer, and the
struggle will have begnn between castes.
whose result, after bloodshed and suffering,
will exterminate one or the other.
Such has been the fate of the West India
Islands. The result of emancipation has.
been tbe conversion of a fruitful territory
into almost a barren waste ; and the white,
r. an, gradually trenched upon, is already an-"
ticipating the strife which i to settle which
shall give way to the other.
If onr people want peace ptaee with its
blessings let them strengthen the arm 01
Government, do the duties of loyalty, and put
under foot contemptible demageguism and
ruder ignorance, and select for representatives,
intelligence and worth.
Mr. Holden 44 surrenders ' to the truth of .
the " rumor" that he had stated to certain
ladies, that if the enemy advanced on Ral
finie should advise the Mayor tosarren&er
tne Clt J anc no " leases it to the Col. him-
self to say, whether we (Mr. Holden) are not
entitled to quarters."
We say yes. And if he had sto4 by " th.
ladies " with a tithe of the same chivalry whe
1
the rnob offended them by their presence be
fore his house, instead of " tearing aw'aj be
cause be did not fwl fafeon the premises,''
he would have needed no blockade brandy
revive him for the mob would have quail .
before courage and gallantry.- Mr. Holde r
is not at advantage before ". the ladies," win 1
. Tiic EverlU Letter.
' he only allusion Mr. H olden make's to this
let st is to say of us: 4He (Col. McRae)
pu ished a .letter purporting to have" been
ad essed by Mr. Everitt, the original, or a
co, of which, wasstol n from the Goldsboro'
pr office, to convict us of disloyalty."
inceytsterday morning we bave seen Mr.
St -eg, the District Attorney, who cerrobo
ra s the fact that the letter was sbowu tb
.hi for counsel by Mr. Powell, and that ho
rt immended the retention of a copy. And
if died on, Mr. Strong wiil unquestionably
cr ify bis conviction bt b a," that it was in the
h d-writing of Mr. Everitt.
f remains for Mr. Powell and Mr. Taylor
to meet this charge of larceny, which Mr.
H den has brought ; and as all these gentle
n 1 are acquainted with the hand-writing,
tl v, together with Mr. Needha.m Smith, can
a- le tbe question of forgery.
Petersburg.
No events of-the war have been mire
t- -i.'.iog, and none have inspired more anxie
ty . than those now enactiug around Peters
h rg. Tho rapid movements of tbe enemy
t '. comparatively unprepared condition of the
d ence the valor of the citizen militia, aud
I ir glorious success the close proximity of
foe, and the importance of tbe position
1 ; ve turned all hearts towards Petersburg; and
1 are eager, intent and anxious to hear of her
t liverance. So far, all goes well. Repulse
s "cr repulse has carried havoc and slaughter
i long the enemy's coknmns, discomfiting still
rtber his already despairing troops. Uor.e
e little Twink ler of Plymouth has devtdop-
into a Planet, and twinkles 00 longer, but
1 .ds around and over Petersburg a bright
fulgent bistre of hop3 and security. His
conquerable division " stands like a wall
adamant, never receding an inch from its
ition."
"In front of their breastworks, (siys tbe
itersburg Express,) all accounts agree that
ic slaughter of the enemy is fearful."' Whcr
er Hoke meets a Yankee, or a tory, he deals
ith him after the manner of a u military des
ot." If Virginia has buriod her great Jack-
1 , North Carolina is .replacing him. The
lantle of Elijah bath fallen upon Elisha. . ,
May God preserve this glorious warrior
w fast besoming a distinguished chieftain
r tbe good of his country.
Will Mr. Holden be Elected f
We are frequently asked of late, jf there is
ary prospect of Mr. Hoblea's election ? Not
the slightttf We have not thought it neces
sary to extract fr im our correspondence the
evidences which we iivo every day of hi3
weakness. I' It he really fancies ho has any
hope, he is the most deluded .mortal alive.
There is not a siffglo pipsr ia the Confedera
cy, out of North Croli23 that i not out-
ppoken against biin. Th-sro is but on single
' paper ia the Scato that is for him, besides bis
own. Eery raomberof Congress, but one, is
committed against him, except two, and ona
of them will not support him. Not a single
i prominent candidate in any count' has de
clared for him. Ouly five m.mbers of the
Legislature, on the test vote of approving
Vance's administratiuu, gave him any hope,
and the army, while it is dissatisfied with
Gov. Vance, is loyal and intelligent-and will
not affix to itself a permanent stigma by
voting for Mr. Holden. The government has
long had material enough against Mr. Holden
fo crush bim, but it prefers to leave to tbe
people to put him away, and that so effectual
ly that he will only yi rememborel, as tbe
people who inhabit nar the Like of Stym
phalis rcc dleet the carnivorous birds that'
ravaged Arcadia that is, by what tradition 1
was said of them. .
A correspondent writing from Rockingham
county says : ' It is currently reported in this
cctmty, that Mr. Holden has all the wounded
soldiers passing through Raleigh carried to
his houso, and fed on- the fat of the laud,"
And we are asked " Is this true, or a mere
electioneering story ?"
. We reply, that our intercourse, with Mr.
Holden does not enable us to ascertain what
transpires about his house, and we never en
quire. As he has had the misfortune, bow
ever, latelv to have tbe small noz in bis
Wonsehold, and his premises have been under
interdict, we presume and hope he has not
risked the dissemiuati.i of tho contagion
through the army.
We have heard that Mr. Holden give fif
teen dollars to a soldier lately, to buy a msal.
We think this highly probable, for it was .
published the next morning iu his organ, with
an accompanying tribute. There are many
men who do such charity daily, and never
publish it.
If Gov. Vance is to be credited, it is not
probable that Mr. Holden would feel safe on
the premises," if the soldiers were to " go in,"
unless they were without 44 bayouets."
"We have answered tho interrogatory.
Lleut, Gen. Polk's Remains.
We learn from the Augusta Sentinel, that
the remains of this christian hero will be de
posited in St. Paul's churchyard, Augusta,
Ga., till tbe close of the war. We also find
tbe following notice from Bishop Elliott :
Funeral cf Bihop Polk. The Bishops,
Clery and Laity of the Protestant Episcopal
Church iu the Confederate States, the Officers
of the Army and Navy of the Confederate
States, and tbe citizens generally, are Invited
to attend the Ittieral services of the Rt. Rev.
Leoitidas Polk, D. D.,roui the City Hall of
Augusta, Georgia, on Wednesday, tbe 29th
of June.
Tbe procession will move at 11 o'clock, a.
m. from the City Hall to St. Paul's Church.
His remains will be deposited in the Church
yard of St. PauPs untif the war closes.
Stephen Elliott,
The Ladles' Assoc4atlfii.
The meeting of the L-tdie f this city and
vicinity, at tho Gimmons Hall ou yesterday
afternoon, was. largely attended, and a general
sympathy was-ex grossed in its object. It wa
an occasion of ma ifegt importance; t!r in
tention bting to make a practical associate I
effort for tuo care, cunfurt an 1 attendance
upon tho sick and wounded soldiers who an
now bvdiig transferred to tbie placo. Tho
duties incident to this tiecessiry di.positl)u .f
our sick and wounded will ensagu tho active
assistance of ill ur Ltdics, and tltrroctn hj
no doubt, from the display of yi s'erday, tin
the subject is gravely considered and will h?
seriously an d usefully treateil. Tb UHi
cers of the Association were duly elected, and
tbey, with the B ard of Managers, also ap.
poiutcd on yesterday, will .assemble this
(Tuesday) afteino-m, at 5 o'clock, at the
Governor's manion.
. It is hoped that those selected will accept
the positions assigned U them, and make it
ennvenient to be present this afteronon.
We would suggest te the Ladies bnving tbe
matter in charge, to engige tho attendance of
Dr. Hines, the Medical Director, an 1 Dr. E.
Burke Haywood, atid Dr. Ije, who are in
charge of the Iiospitnls, whose counsel and
suggestions may be of value.
Wetrst th.it tin citiz-ns of tbe wind
S ate will aid this laudable and patriotic de
sign ; that those of us at homo my eompn
vu the performance of our duties, with our
representatives in the field, who have
faithfully done theirs. This appcul is especi
ally made to the Ladies of North Carolina,
that they will contribute t j.his S-ciety "mic!i
things a they can sparo for the comtbrt of the
soldier.
In the deftnea of Porersburg, the conduct
tt Ramsom's brigade is spokenof in glowing
terms. The.2tth regiment (Col. Clarke's) is
especially mentioned in connection with a
late important rcpulso of the enemy. Both
Gen. Ransom and. Col. Clark are stil detained
from tbe field by serere wounds.
Alluding to the fight on ' Thursday last,
around Petersburg, the Express sty:
As soon as regular troops c mid bo brought
up and placed iu position, the militivwcr
relieved, and Gin. Bushrod Johnson's divi
sion occupied tho brrastworks, along with
the Macou (Georgia) Light Artillery, and
other batteries, the names of which wo could
uot learn. .
Here, as stated above, the work grew quite
hot as t!.e day advanced, the enemy having
massed certainly two divisions, if not more,
in our front. Lte in the aftunmon, a chargo
was made, but tho enemy were mot hand
somely repulsttd, chieflf by tne Ctili (J.ior.riA,
an Col. W. J. Clarke's 24th North Carafinii
regiment, of Gen. Matt. Ransom's brigtde.
Iii the last charge, the enemy c-iine within
one hundred 'yards of our fortifications, bnt
.the fife was so terrific that they baited, broke
rauks, aud retired in great confusion, seeking
shelter in a ravine abuut 10U yards from our
lines. Here a lrge porti :n of a yankee bri
gade, being exposed to an enfilading artillery
fire from our gulis, and not daring to show their
beads, for four ot being toppled over by our
musketeers, surroiidercti to thn G4rh Georgia
regiment, Capt. Piiuh ird conitiuudii;;.
Mr. Holden cha w-s us in his last issue,
with being bought to the support of Gov.
Vance, by his exempting us as Stato Agent;
and for this we ngr;fd, a Editor of tho Con
federate, tc eupport Gov. Vance for - re-election.
Unfortunately for .Mr. Holden, when we
took charge of the Confederate, there was not
a symton of any opposition to G v. Vance,
except tho denial by Mr. Holden that be it"
tended to run. With tboso who looked for
Mr. Ho'dsn's intentions in tho opposite of bis
declarations, this symptom did ex:st. But
we hail then a bt'.ter opinion of bim, in that
matter. It is his fault that our opinion has
changed. 0
Who is responsible for tbe calling out of the
boys and old men t Why, the man who did
most to prevent the calling out tbo Militia,
Home Guard, and State officers. And thie
was Mr. Holden.
"She (North Carolina) has recently orga
nized the remnant of her militia for police
duty and for home protection and defence.
Are they to be taken and put in the Confede
rate service? Wo say no. If an attempt
should be made to enrol the Home Guard,
we shall call upon the Governor to interpose
and protect that portion ol our militia from
conscription, at all hazards." Ualeigh 'Stan
dard, Dec. 30, 18G3.
Reserved Forres.
The 1st Battalion of N C. Reserves is eotn
uaandod by Mhj. C. W. Broad foot.
The 2ud B aitalion of N. C. Reserves is com
manded by Msj. J. A. Anderson.
The Sid Battalion of N. C. Reserves is com
manded by Maj. Hooks.
The 4th Battalion of N. C. Reserves is com
manded by J. M. Ricce.
The 5th Battalion of N. C. Reserves is com
manded by Maj. Wm. F. Beasley.
The 6th Battalion of N. C. Reserves is com
manded by 11. V. McK. Clark.
, ''
lid ess there is more promptness in paying,
(or such matter, we shall have to decline in
serting Obituary notices, and Cards of Candi
dacy, ualess accompanied by the cash. It is
a very easy matter to look at the terms of ad
vertising and then couut the wofd.s each tea
words averaging a line and then enclose the
amoant with the obituary or advertisement,
as the ease may be. We bave some on hand
now, that we shall wait till the pay is sent,
before inserting.
'Fbom New Oklkans. We learn from a
gentleman just from New On loan 3, says tbs
Mobile Tribune, that . sixty-nine youths ran
the blockade from that city at tbe time he did.
He further states that the most of them went
to join Gen. Taylor, and that young nfen ia
N. Orleans are now in a frenzy to get from that
city in order to assist their fathers and broth
rhe cnw.