r .
- ' -.- . - ' ' -- '
1 vyU yu OU 'U" w;-' lis-l ;vUr 'Lly 0? : x . l'A.ttt
n ) . .. , ,J,", , . it . i 1 1 j i J t ' 1 1 r in i , m.i K, ! is i i
W ;: sDAXi FEBEUARt ' 24, 18C4. .r r--'Lm.:
t - "" - .v .'.. "V1- J"t 1 11 1 111 . . 1 1 m . ' .
1 . .j. .'i i .. .. .. . . . ' " 7 m 1 . A . - . - - . . v. 2 . - v . : . ...... -r i . . .
THE CONFEDERATE
A. M, GOUMaN C0., Proprietors.
TEEMS :
DAILY EDITION, for 6 months ,
4 " 3 ' . .....
i i
7
........ S
TR1-AV aEKLY, for 6 month.
7
4
WEEKlii blUTlUX, Tor 6 month? ..
Xo sucMcriptions will' be received on any other
terms than the above, "or for a longer or shorter
period.. . "
VOL: 1.
RALEIGH,
THE CONFEDERATE.
WEDNESDAY, February 24,1864
That they may more effectually screen from
the public view their real purpose.and the mire
tcurely catch the unwary and mislead the
ignorant, the organ and leaders of the Agitators-have
dropped, for the moment, thei
tbreatenitg and denunciatory strain, and now
pretend that the main purpose of thrir Con
vention is to aidwith us advice the common
Government to remove doubts as -to the ex
ercise of power, and to bestow power where
greater power is needed. They further we
te'jd, that the Contention can Hasten peace,
and propose to offer terms of 'negotiation.
The Stat.dard of February 2nd says : "Such
"a Convention would certainly have the power
"to treat or do anything else5 I ut if that
"should not be done, any one State could de
"nind terms for her co-States and herself,
"and ii:it that the Federal Government
"should 'Heat with her through the ConCede
' 'rate Government, she mbmitting the terms
Yn"erd and secured to the laltcr..'
And tie Standard enquire: "Would there
be anything improper in that?" Certainly
there wtuJd : not only gro?s impropriety, bit
crime crime of immense magnitude. So
long as'Xorth Carolina remains a member of
-the Confederacy, neither her people in the
mas, nor her Dcgiflaturfi, nor her Governor,
nor any Convention that the Legislature
might call, have any lrgal or constitutional
right to make any demand upon the enemy,
or t- insist" uj.ou Anything at the hands of
the eneii.y, either directly or through the
G nfcjite Government She submitting th
teims offud and r reived to the latter;" andr
any atun.pt upon her p:tt to do o, will be
revolutionary and criminal. By the Const
lu:i.m of the Confederate States, which she
has adopt' d,Dl to which all her officers Governor,-.
Judges, Lawyers all have sicortt allegi
ance -t'.ie sole powT to make treaties i en
trusted to the President ai.-'d Senate of the
Confederate States.
a
Ft r the benfitof tWe people who are
honest and wish to tc informed, we quote the
veiy language of theC onslitutiou : By the
second clatue of ti e mcoRvt' Section of the
2nd, Ai tirle f ihivt Cotnti ulit.rr, it is ordained,
that: "lie (ihc IY. sidei.t) bball have the
pow r, by a;.d with the advice and consent of
the Sei ate, to make treaties." And by the
fiist clause of Section 10 of the 1st article, it'
is further ordained that "no State shall enter
into ai.y treaty, alliance or confederation."
And by the 3d clause "Nor shall any State
enter into any agreement or compact with
anothtr State, or with a Foreign power.''
Tliis Constitution, by the adoption of North
Cirolina, has bec me the supreme law of
the land rinding her citiz.ena in their con
sru i.ee; and in their nets. Its language is as
broad ss terms can rxprc-s its. m-anirg
above cavil, doubt or dicputc The very first
.step jt should take towards a proposnon
either to the Government iff Lincoln or to
any co-State, whether maie by an ordinance
of by a resolution appointing comtn asioneis.
would involve ij cer-sarily something in the
nature of an m agreement or compact would
be a violation of this mprtme law of the
land aud would be either treason or. sedition-,
an the act n ight indicate ;'and all te parties
therein implicated would be liable to punish
ment. Vo make the case more clear: Sup
pose North Carolina were in Convention to
propose to Georgia to offer terms of negotia
tion to Mr. Lincoln, on the condition that his
Government would recogniz tho Cnfederacy
provided that "Western Virginia, Mary
land, Kentucky and Missouri were not inclu
des" and Georgia were to accept ; and they
w re" to submit the terms to the Cnfedrate
Government; -would there not be compact,
an agreement between North Carolina . and
Ge-rg!,wi ich they have no right to make?
Unqst'onally. And tfiat agreement, being
to di.-uifuil-er the Confederacy, by negotiation
with theeuemy, would itself be the overt act
of Treason aud those who vote tor it, as
wed as those who aid in executing it, would
be Tiaitors, ameoahlato capital punudtment.
The reference to the C nfetli rate Goven.meut
would not alter the crime. "They stibiuitting
thr terms offered and received" by their ne
goiitaions with au enemy, then at war with
the Confederacy. ,
Wf are submitting this quwtion to the
people, upiu a temporary concession that these
aitaWrs sincrely mean m thing mors than to
"fea"for peace leaving tit of view, for
the present, that the Standard and all the agi
tators claim that this Convention could " do
anything else." What would it be, then, but n
impoteut, useless, expensive assembly power
less for gKid ; abounding iu mischief-! con
trolling the Governor, tho Judiciary and the
Legislature.
If it were to make overtures for peace, it
would do wrong, for " the South caunot
" make overtures, for she' is fighting for ex
" islence, and any elfcr on bar part to treat,
" would be considered a sign of weakness and
"fear. Just so long as a single
" enemy is on her soil, just so. long will she
" fight. If she wer.s to offer lsFSt
"ir enemies.r attempt to do lees, she would
" be B&wortby the spirit and manhood of her
" people" . .
. 'Raleigh Stand trdf Aug. 10A, 1861.
" As then, she cannot, by thecliing of the
Standard itself, make any overtures for peace
without cOmmittip sanj act on Worthy of her.
- Frocs.
All the borders, of this land are sinitttg
with Frogs the river and tbe dry land f ring
them forth they even seem to fall in showers
from the clouds, and th-y "come inte our
houses, and into our bed chambers, and upon
our.people, and into our ovens and kneading
trough." Tncy fill the air with ctoakiny, and
their disonaot notes stun whole neighbor
hood. . Some of them puff up their chesks to
an immense magniiutle and croak loudor tnan
the. be lowing of a bull. It is said in Natural
History, that the male only of these animal
croak ; if So, the frogs we speak of must he.
entirely of that gender ana their extermina
tion is the more easy. The. species of thce
Dutch Nightingales are singularly various.
Tber is the Fishing Fcug resembling" the
tadpole, but of enormous size with, head much
larger 'than its whole body his mouth is
sometimes a yari wide his upper and lower
jaw are both armed with shirp teeth, and his
palate and tongue are furnished in like-manner.
He is the ExToRTIoiter of tbe Frog ge
nus. His-eyes are on the top of his head and
are encta passed with prickles. Ha see all
around he haa two long beardaor filaments,
small at the beginning but thicker at the end,
and rund like a fishing line. He hides, as
Pliny says, in muddy water, and leaves uoth
ingbnthisbeard to.be seen; when curiosity
brings the small fish to ' see these filaments,
hunger induce them to seize the bait, and
then these monsters in ambush, draw in their
filaments and devour the littie fish without
merer. These frojr Extortioner know no
compassion feel no compunction theiow
els being taken out, their body is -transparent
and they have no Soul, at least no vstlg
ef one that can be discovered. Their wh-.le life
is an ambush and a cheat. Without sympa
thy with any of their aquatic neighbors, they
prcj on a 1 animals that fall into their clutch
es. Then there is the "Leap Frog." This
spveies is more .remarkable for hiding than any
thing else, and the facility with which he can
keep out of danger by his Sudden and long
leaps. His heart has but one ventricle, so
that tbe blood can circulate with mt the sssis
tai.ee of lungs and thus he eanstav a long
tin.e under water. Like certain human
croakebs that we wot off he is silent in
'dry, auspicious weather. When tlvc sun is
bright and theday4!easant" a!;d hopeful, we
hear none of the "Leap Frog's" unharmonious
and discordant bellowings ; but ht a daik day
settle d iwn ipon the land, and glKni and rain
storm, and at once these fretful croakers mike
the air hideous with their unmusical com
plaints. .
Tl: f-r.m-mim Toail b nnt t! "I'-ili-f
ty of the Frog. He is a torpid and insensate
sort of beinc with a broad body, a flit b:rck,
a large and swasing stomach, a sln-.v, crawl
ing, labored puc he only beurs resenH;incp
to the other Frog in that ho to is a croaker.
But he too bears a likeness to a species of hu
manity not uncommon now a days we mean
that class who inhabit shaJy offices. .Both
have the same harmless and defenceless na
ture the same crawling and laggard pace
the sa-he dark and iindicoTrable retreat
the Toad sometimes being founci in the bosm
of an une'eft rock, or the heart of 9ti old oak,
just as these shady characters are found enj
busomed in snng offices, both unnoticed atid
both out of the way of danger almost of dis
covery. Both have a mst disgreably sal
grating croak, and both emit a S'riof venom
which makes warts the one on t'e individual
that it touches the other o the Government
that touches it. In ordinary t'nvs the Frog is
onW a common evil, but not unmixed w'nh
good. But when they come up in s-ich im
mensity of numbers, of all species,' they be
come a "plague in Egypt.''- We have ho Moses
to drive them out, but we have a great Uncle
of his in our Governor Z'.bulon and ya U
kerping we commit the Fit os. Or we may
ad o-..t a later precedent. It la said . thtt the
introduction of the Norway Bit iato Ireland
extinguished the entire race.. If we could con
vert our Enrolling Offi.ers into a f neciws of
Norway Bat, we should get rid of the Fmg
and there would be no mote croaking in th-
Jand.
A Nobleman Capt. T. J. Jam's, Captain
of Co B, 8th N. C.- Regiment, gives an in
stance of patrioic'sacrilicc and noble generos
ity seldom excelled during this war. In a
communicatiou to the Petersburg Express, he
says :
As my company was marching through
vour streets on the 9th inst , a cold wintry
morning, a citizen standing on the si le'.val
discovered one of my men. T- T- Doiih, bar
'footed, his shoes Jjaviog became worthUiSs on
the march from Kinstou to Newbern, aud call
ing Dough to him gulfed off his shoes and put
ll.nt-r. nil thft Iff t ot IhlUL'l). H OllierS WOUIU
do likewise, much of the suffering of our poor
soldiers would be alleviated.
I am -sure this kind hearted gentleni'n will
bless liimself. and when he learns that -Dough
had marched barefooted, without a murmur,
over sixty miles, part of the tune over trozen
around, through mdd and waicr, part of tne
tune on thorns and thistle, and stood two days
in line of battle, confronting the enemy, he will
ftfl bimse f rtcomnensed m ntXown i!C 't-rus
1 eart. that he has bestowed an act of such
' , .
beaeficence upon one so deserving.
IheFayetteville Observer mentions the sig
nificant fact, that the Raleigh Standard has
not had a single word of Editorial notice" of
the remarkable and patriotic voluntary re-
enlistment of the.trooDs for the war. WeO
join the Observer in the doubt if there is another
paper in the Confederacy that has failed to
rejoice over cms most gionous naucuur-
The Habeas Corpas. . ;
We have undoubted information jot the
passage of a bill by Congress, to auspend tem
porarily tbe privilege of the Habeas Corpus
act.
We hare for 'sometime foreseen that this
. .
would become a necessity and in oirrpriTate
conversation we were free to speak of it, with
b'e. hope that our opinion might have some
avail; to stop the .causes which were likely to
"brjg it about. ' V I
But the suspension of tne Habeas Corpus
will oot produce'any iecoovenicies to goodj.
and loyal people The civil law will stiU
have its force and authority in all matters
touching the rights and persons of the citizens
except, when by treasonable or seditious
practices they choose to bring themselves under
military law. . '
But this suspension will have one KocTf
effect, that ought to gratify every father,
wife, child' or other person wa has a son,
husband, parent, kindred, or friend in the
army. It wi'.l fill up the ranks of.that army
it will send other men, who have not done
anything but yawn and stretch, to help" the
en who have done all the work who
will cye from or share death with many a
thr jallant hero.
It will sH d the army from ".Judicial licks'
noeked !f3nout of the service, and it
j :o harm to any but Che. evil disposed.
V; n :sll be-ghd U read the . promised reply
of Mr. B. F. lore, of this city, Counsellor at
Law, to the decision of Judge French on the
constitutionality of the Substitute Law."
We shall read this iaw paper with that atten
tion which is dre to -its author. If it should
be a little out of season, it tJH bs the first ex
ception we ever recollect. to the rul,e ' better
late than never." We might apply (we fear)
that adagto our professional brother in
another way but we dder that far tbe
present. .
. '
The tfaemj's idrance in Mississippi.
It seems to be true that Sherman, with an
army of from twenty-five to thirty thousand
men, has advanced from Vicksburg, and having
succeeded in capturing Jackson, Ins continued
his advance, and at the' latest accounts had
reached Morton distant tbis side about thirty-
five miles. Tbe further intelligence is, that at
Morton he ab.indoned the Railroad leading to
Meridian, and struck towards Enterprise, on the
Mobile aud Ohio Railroad. It would seem to be
tbe purpose of this bold movement to reach
Mobile. If tbia be so, there is a route before
tb is venturesome General of one hundred and
twenty miles from Euterprise, throcgh a section
of country not at all adap ed to tbe support of
an army.
It is further stated, that Gen. S. D. Lee, of
the cavalry, has remained iu the rear of Sher-
nv-tn tbat he has r-occupied Jackson, and
holds tbe intermediate line between the eaemy
and his base of supplies. We do not koow
what strength Gen. Lee has. nor Oat tbe
amount of force under the command of Lt.-Gen.
Polk may b. It we are deficient in men out
there, it is due to tbe vexatious delay of Con
gress in meetfng the call made by the President
at the opening of the session last Uecember.
Tbe condition of be army was therein set forth
in terms so candid as to have elicited from
foreign joum Is tbe higkfst commendation. It
wa. apparent to every thinking mind, that th
army needed to-be reinforced; yet Congress has
debated for near thiee nvmtbs and a, half, and
bow CommitTees of Conference are running
wild between tb-Senate an J House, endeavor
ing to reconcile confi-.cting opinions. Ana a
press tbat has all along thrown every obstacle in
tbe way of tbe increased our army, ventnr.es tot
speak ot Geu. Polk's " embargo of the tele-I
graph," as a " ridiculous order."- Tbe only
sr B
amelioration of what some might otherwise con
sider an insensate folly, is that the Editor of
that paper has bimself been an officer tna
might have bid opportunities of knowing hovf
military orders ought to bs marie in time of
battle, I
Haw long is the country further to mff
before it be decided tchsfs such editors can bl
the moat uncful?
O ir ('r C.rre?i -ndent who seuds us extrac
lr. ni a Suiitir r Brother's letter. baa our fulle
rp..orsmer.t o! -t'je execrations so justly be
siowl upon th-3 unworthy subject sp )keu ot,
LVit it iia " ot'teu bee a, told the same thii
bv ineuiViers of t he army, that U publish thet
she fumiihes us with, would be indeed "cat
iug pearls before swine.". Next to the S
diers, we esteem our patriotic fair countrj
women ; and otir lady frien d's manifestation
her devotion to the cause, is not to be woi
tiered at. waen we remain oer sne ua iu
bn.tlirs in the armv. Mar s'.ie liva to
ly s.ie liva to X
oft"with all th
ingi5 witn the?
thenxreturu to the horne-roo
country's honors blest, bri
some victor vora wno suuu wur.uj 01 m
noble heart and fair hand.
.
. . 1 1 - 1 I! L i 1 . f
Persoaal.
We har that seme persons in this city
personal to thera. Our editorial was a gen
dissertation on the Frog portion of am
ted nature. 1 f it: savored of personality
person who will let ua know in what part
hrbe reels aggrieved, Shan nave sucn expi
tions at our hands as the subject' admits.
Arrakgxmkkt by tha Superior f
Judges for therSpjin Circuits :
1st Circuit .Judge Shipp Bitnton.
21 ' Saunders Newborn.
3d a " " French Raleigh.
4 th " " Gilliam .Hilbboro. '
6th " " Heath "Wilmington.
6th " " Osborne Salisbury.
2
3
-1
rth ' " de IfrantoU. u;
H r exchanges we jja Cm foUewlcg
jt Uiia,of News; "
)k Iyhk. Psutfiisa.Th ;JUruDOBd I
f I Uonday , aay, the Yankees wko cms
1 f Woly avMscIt eqiiad, and probably
I to iWer'teswstanee to any el tba
R Vrana'i'ie Libby who nrightchance to'
C I vicinity: Two fiuabeats ascended
X W Saturday, near to West Point,
iff VepoRed wetw dragging the river tori
H torpedtiesi, : '-:' ; .
tew raox kaxsas. iniormatioD
reoeiTed that theCoofederatf treopa.
neral Marmaduke. have; captured
IT, ArkansQsV and, aeeording to; last
wese marching . on tittle Cx3cU
thatportioa of he. FedenS twisa
haver teen withdrawn J and art"
rman in his Mlasiaaippi expeditiooT A
yoir . la thb vallbt. Lieutenant
i Marylaudwr, with ten men also
I; der,'captu.el eight Yankee and nine
4 pipped cavalry horses, near Newton,
'90y night. Learning thera was forty
K at Cedar Creek Lieutenant Gatch
Hja comrades, started in porsuit, and
Jl5 VJ in," when the Taukees " pitched
. J he race was continued a few miles 1
li wijiwton, whenairad was overhauled 1
i tc X3on federates. They dismounted and t
-v .
"an
I to get to the w&jds, but were made
' jtf i MrasfsstpFi. The Richmond paper
ir lay iuform as that semi-official intel-
iwag receive! atnniay that the enfmy
,ance 1 from Jckson to Bwndon and
and were drvergtng tn the- direction
trprie; Enterprise is on the Mobile
fio railroad, a short distance South of
t reany navo in possesisn, -ami where
I ia' a
We considerable, Isnly of tnmps.
Our
tit
SC7 6on was occupied IfV the enemy at dark
eight of the 6th, our forcos having
ed the place in the afternoon and fill
iwards Brarid)n.
?hlferidiari Clariott aayv th.i enemy was
7'ti y repu!ed m his attempt to cmas the
I ack. at Mesengei's Ferry. Gereral-
nted a.batteay to- command the Ferry,
id.'V tening with grape and canuiater, drove"
oi ck. Jt is said they t'tencroased at
tit ig'e Ferry. ' Adams' and Ross' cavalry
jJ galJaptly. The latter nut the ci.em
I Oc1 at fifteen pacs, and drove them back
iaWtol. Major Bridges i -inoiig th-'
kill.l and Wou d?d id tle hands ' of
Mj$ . ,w v i; "' i ' ! . "7"
, . 'h potiton bridge at Jacks- n1 Was Vstr'jjed
men under a heavy firs from tht- aoemy.
!!l; eapeditio'n. is under the comrand of
trtjh, with ' McPherson "and Hulburt aa
iromanders. .
1tU G Lfs's Abmt. The Iilchmona
JiIelof Monday Sas learned by pengera
lo t lime d rwn.on the Central train the even
'I Y jevious, and wh j the frjnt that morn
ij;, ill at Urge fires were seen-about the Tan -imps,
and it Wa the general impression
tS;rrmy that -Meade Waa falling back,
Gnry on Sunday moruing heavy firing was
raA'i in front, upKed to be oar cavalry.
st;xigtho.rear of the.enmy.
: njre.waa no appearance of Yankees tn ho
y f orhornl of Fredericksburg. Stafford 000
)j al being, clear of .them. V - ;..-.
Y gentleman wh has reached Petera-'t-I
t nireetfrom Norfolk ays ottou goods are
J li. V there for 75 cents a yard, and not free-J
rtod with 'at that price, as holders of such
r- - 1
hesitate in taking greenbacks at forty
on the dollar. ' If this . be true, we may
tho fact t he cloud no bigger than a man's
that i the .precursor of the storm that
pr Mow Yaukee credit v ribbons. -Bacon is
c I serltruj irr New York : at 50 cents per
, and al l .art icles of prime necessity t
igh rate. "
,fe are pained' to see the death of Hon.
X. II. (Jarntttor Virginia annoy need in
l tltc iapers. He was a gentleman of a high
rof talents, great industry, extensive
mg and acquirements, and, an iLtimato
ictaince with public affairs. At tho time
a death; he represented -th Essex Dis
i nt he Honso of Representative poi-
ohas fiilerl with honor to himself and
taie, both here, and at Washington when
ioia Was a member of tho old Union,
r
l -rt i!7i ' 1 - J r i-
iropoeed to sell "the Govern aittit, 20,000
Is f baccn arid 40,000 bushels of corn,
price it ia di -posed to pay hint ; and
could peg noih)i, theaheM giro itiz-lle
J rroed re let the Interior Cot ef C?mtev
have lOJC ' Ooaada of',- IJicoti atltJ"
It will Ae gratifying to the friends of Capt.
G. W. Alexander, to learn that 'hie lobs and
searching examiaatifn before the Court of la- t
sjuiry, which he asked for, haa termiotted
f ' -4
3i
itrS in-. I he column is 4)elieveil U ; be in " be found iu . Nertji Carolina.. That theae r
Jcoor Mobile or to tut off coftimunicatioo sons would persaatle the State into a course f
;$;Lt' city, by -railroad. If communica- apostacy and suicide ; ; that they wtfuU eu a?e
; J , . - v, , the Commonwealth itsdf in' measorea which
r? C?h theif bM6 W CU ff' r ,r rtrcb wnder tbe name of NorUi. Carolina. I ke
'iltOile obalrucred, -it is probable they that f Arnold, vsynoqynie'of infamy throVsh-
"iir Ive in the direction of Paseaoula. which out the world, ja-oiHiroly psil4. But thai
The iollawias artkje ,5001 tjfce lliehpoa4
Ezaealner,' (a paper ieh tha Agitators ha
' IforCajrolioa tnweairtic t3& otiary
fronU takaa a Tarr'dtrail Hriaw to Uia
Knidied,totTeoaaoded by. IrTisnaatia'
agrUtore in Wnrt CWoIina, - wW cvk
iscaiatoijod'to 1
;T7o contnood tba article tof "tia' eywid
- pernaal of our people, and eepeciany C&X pot
;oo wbioh rCj to tj "yiooua ui 7
found ia North Ciroltos that would eocago
. tha Bute In otaaaixs which wcld iistMfer tfc
"aama of North CerolifcA, like that ct Arnold,
. a-eynonyma ofiufattiy thnhonV h World.
ImputaUbaa againta the ftdoiity 'pi Noti'
'Carolina are sioply inatarUo. Apoatacy U
Oh Ccd3rcio - cat th rt ot that
' f2ata, ie kenild tyv4e4
;. wbto. tier riatvca r? l;t.s
schoola eauallv loaay imtjcmMniStV
sumbeY and eruditipo. -TCfaopIa ra aaoaa
geiteraly od oca ted than aay ia tho 8tmt.
: Except ip a lew districta they are larsaly
alaveholdiug ; and tho industry of the 3tato ia
highly remunerative; ?fbs paoplo arohrewd,
practical, "fro gal and ; iBduatrioue. ? Thej
- thoroughly understand their moieriol inlereata ,
.' and their State prido ia a proverb. . . Sbr waat
out of the -Union with "a anauimity oaraoded
by no other Sata. 8ho haa contributed to
- tho war "with a profusion excelled by 'none.
Her regiments are panwricalty ui'ore replete
thae-any in tho ny slto worT the first, bat-
: tie of. the war, at Bethel ; and her truopo vie
with the rst in the ie-enlttrneqta mnv going
on. -Her western. tnounUifla-were Utrly fillct
with deserters from all the States ; n w,
tbe energy id her Government . aud t'te -operations
of her pe-pl, the rouaUino ar
cleared ot those drg railed wretcliiee.
We have seri. ualy inquired hoyrand where
North Carolina has shown herself- dehquejt
in action, and uoe lias been .able to p-4nt
out the oecasion or the piaoa. The charge ia
against her Intentions, the iputtba is upn
her secreV dodns. '; This-fct is e.-cor t -Tging ;
her acts are irreproachable. -There are vici!-
men in every btate ; and iioubtivim they are to
th-y have acconipliaheit no ert iidachii. as
. vtt is very certain. , e rann .h iHriieye tijai
th North Caru'ina ietJr will tneol iu Cou-
vertion foi "ti-.e puriHwse of drscrting tlwrS'.orh;
aud if they' nrev, . we cat:n t believe .that the
fathers;, o;5 aod bnUicrsr Wie- nraye O no
Carolinians-that have tiled, on every tititl in
this war, Ui'il ring themselves to 4 he dIahonir
of prfpi5ir r terrn of capiSu'Al.nn to l. fO'
iny,ud ot s ig'maMzing the i!u..t wt.
tb- jiTitit of- truilv.n. Tne ag'.UUy a;-! tai-
tor.- iu the bosom of that Sta'e may exoite ji.
-c liti nt and'a.-eirit e iu.rting ; but whn thy
ha e done this much, tUyrwiU have dae all
they re cap.- le of ace. mplWriog, Tby'Cav
iict br.ng tlujp ople of rtrth Cero!o to tho
point of practical uitqinly ; they cannot c n-
suniuiaie their dvigi: A few Coufedeia!
icttiT 1 in the Spring ill quirt . ihae Jad
met forever ; t"cy ill oreal - tq are-tr.fi.'
o tnes in pi in. ;,hey wi'l le sor'y thry were
torii. the ve'rr poople w:th"whe.n they hav
'tarnpf-rVd wiif turn fr jui thetrv . wth the wi'Ji
k ei jpg con ten 1 pt "of virtue" and Sojalty, and they
wi'l bear all their live the brand of try 1
It is nJi difSvnlt to riii 'erstand the Hptrlar
feeling in Xpith Carolina, whieh haa given
these asi alors etjeuur cement tb-iw tt tamper
" with'Ueasou. Tl.e feeling there is no doubt
, the same as prevails throughout the C r?dfl
r:vy. Sit is a.iiingleit feeling , of dmppoiut-'
ntent, dUdintent anJ alario, i regard K the
lfial-administratiwA of public affairs " The
people fetl embarraifscd between iw a'cj.ffct
ing duties; die duty of stem and engic
'remouMrauce ash only; mcaii tf chrkins;
the career of mal-administration "which is hur
rying the caiue to ierditton ;'abd the duty of
. avoiding any action which may itself rnperrt
tbe cause. - Iu Virgiuia the p-r-pulor j.Igmei t
ia in favor of silent toterarce .of -abuse;-Ja-"
ONorth Carolina ii secuis inclined to the' alter
native of re won. trance. If :t were , our pre
rogative tojadviso, the. good people of that
State, we vrVruld warn. them agijtust tile agita
tors to whom thy have given; probably , to
niuoti ear, as well !as ; against aiy am ion
whi h could, in t- e leaet degreo,.tenJ to alarm
our own tvopl orto er;courue the -pol fic en
emy. Remonstrance is a "uuiy, but ag tation
to the pNnt of disturbing" the public mir d
and u.bar racing the public action, becomes
a crim. , . . - ''. -
I.. Virgii.ia we have been very, patient nu
Lr abuaex, and allowed nothinto altake r
fidelity. ' When charged with . ' degeneracy;
irotfcilty, and im puC r.ce for battle, Vrrgin
. la's silent answer was to send . Jacksoo, .ohn
stou, Ix-e and a ConVired and I went v thousand
trtpto theCuffd rate armies. ' The fairest
portions ofeii territory have been desolated,
4cu tbcasaada of ir homsta la tie in aahes,
and bund re Ta of thocsnda -f rair CamUies are
hr.me'tess refugees. Mw! of this rui ia the .
; direct result of maladministration; rSiilPtbe
most loj al of-our pyolatiou isth"ax of the
cenntry thus overrun ayl dcstreyeiL" Whole
sale ami wide' spread pecuniary rum; has not
.bent; the spirit of unr people. : They are as
resolute arr hopotot uw as in the ' bright
spring of .1861 Whilst suffering flic heaviest
clarnrtiea and Ist terfo.Hjf war, we have
1 endured ut h tm-re from r- owu Govern-
merit than Nortl CarMua We have - been
. snboiisktre to a foreim yte.of the ovj Ctll
ing, character.' n litchnvlird antl the Ctot,
. ., t dcr prvost)uh9iuUtnation has been
excipsivaly under lljn control of Cary landers ;
. in 'the West our penp'e have' been iunod over
l to-tbe domiaatiwo of Kentncktana, The e-o-duct
of the police at :. stranseca haa not'fcwn
exemplary ; anJ pidi compbunla agatuot theat
can art nc hearing, Nat -lg a Nost
-Carolina look fire becattae tin appsal9out of
a oinele tax caxberer waa'tivru tor the nativ
. of another 'Virgteta hoe ststt3tted ta
svte matte miarvotUMe wti Cnt lei'tta
ttbt 4 weST opdO tii hufniliatioo srilt nut fi-an acSised U t nasna C?s ndtary ZTmU?
wenlarieon the .: par.kutaae 4. teevw: aorst Vxtv C7zZiiSa4'tkrC? ioitna
uMet - "Let North Car4inn cire tieisciHl I r-iV" i rcsdsa ad-ic- Ti- .
IDreainea a wn
dress;
Iipei7ToTuacoitit4of"
HovonAsu" Wouds. -When Leieyette
etruck-in the loot kr n musket hall nT
Germantdwh. be said. " I prise tbia wouod as
"wn the osloabfa ef tay hoiaea', :iTv,
JL
L
ta it a tettx k cat:V.a
Cood Hord ia2rr!aM&L ta tia
ring terC liar rzsmild 1
--aha l jd rtt tz2Zf . Ykorf k
rrom to tzj . iiorta Uaroo i -'rat wer
cbotU;rtho preoezto of lie AVisaoi, T
wwB onow ci mux nrca sucaocoi on
raortirr of 1 execrJou. - Tto clola divi
tium fcrcod. by td-throe Oa of a
jqcaro, and la Grant f tbe bptixUa tM
ctaaos weredrtveaio too gruoad,
er. The culjvita were broCht to-cVkosj
tta pmctjiz aud aettteoeeof the tC3art
t-alreadt tbm In aloud t I rhar i L:
J2f V
I a.
cacae at last, the' aalpritj tLd their
lebtnd theto, and ingtiM troops 1
to kned with ineir backs to VM
.which they were then faten..
wen occurred. The tune when
dii larked n lew tbi notes of ex
oOoer soporlnteiidinghoir rxecuti
watch In his) hand, while the lick
minttt
rhaod quickly sped ite ntnod of 1
irwuD wcrv mwiu mm iwrriTt, mmt
tit theii
pale faesv the condemned ' tttuk a
last look at aatibly thuigs; while
bud a
that nanment perpol frtn oeuoath
k
a ore I
anl naktug; ia rays daiice ana s
the irytI sww, sormod tu spjx
expresa pa ixieof zivii.e thosr .lr
a last iingeing U.k tf earthly . Vintyr
they were'naliod tto thai uxnn A eterujiv
Bot the utaT hour has arrived, e f2r
puts op tia. watch; a platin ;f sohlvr
a
rn ore to the front a few paces fn irithe con
demned, aAjdkerchiefs are bound bver thai A
eyeai a clear tinging vMCOCommandp Ready, t
ami the click of the musket kicks g a sharp ?
inetalio ring. "Aim,". and twirtf .innate
areLpne-ntra od towards tha vioUnarixFir
la rattlinx report of fire-arms, wkle volume.
01 smofce, a d aa. it e;oars away, tie Inani
mate (m-ius of two men Jay in the j laat eta
vuhdone, while their life-blood ft .el forth
lrtn a dx"n wounds crimsonini iha pore'
white an.w at th4r feet, A K eon lepa"
uj, p.'ar.Ibia band on their pubf turt-S to
the division, fifts his hat. an t li in da-
n- tes that their lives nave oenanoi at.il.tkf
drort'r is uiiin"Oed bef -re the-
in-Chif 'if Ihe Grnl Army -f C eatlon th'
Eter:.1ty. . The whole divid-ni move by the
flank and pass ; vh J l U-li-s -Ley pr.- .
Ceed tu Ihvir quarieri. while a Maii is lef.
to bury them' in iir.ii'red grat that have
been previ'uly. riu in the v c'ud'y . ' .
. Tlitrearr ot!is t biain lw?idea ib.ee pir
mi.-'uiiled ai.dwtrr'tng viciiuis. . Sotm-tiuiea it
is a wile who has ilitu muxlcml --r bushand.
aa Eve deceived . Adam ; Koin-tinM-M it is m
friends who have iciua'iU.d iheui fi 9m their
tdutyj very mUIiui they ar pr rspicl toiler.
Wt ih rough" owaMfce, hot I y far the grmitev'
portion are liiflnencwl y Jiijt accU'r-d fac
tion in Noith Carolina r wh.i Vy le cause ti e
oople to despond; and openly a' tempt Ui pbr
suede Ihe people tlMt tbe g.rrriiount is nit
ten, and n . the eve - f lisropii jo. Miny
'Wtdwwa .an itcrphai s ffl ct d rn. era, grief
a'ricken slaters a:.d r-.-tl e.ra. ami 'aorrnundine
rinds have jut csuee tMvh -vo to ifd
down l.is wiaib u those il tjindcMtipt
.'iUtora and defaaiers, whu have ribbrd thtjn
of hoSband, mn, brother or friciMUateinui
dired him, and brought bi f0i'y ta disgrace.'
Yesterday, there was auother exeif fcio'in'Ih
preaenceof the brigade. H ai from IU
d-japh couaty, anl 'eft a wi :e an I five chil -'
Wen, He belonged tO the lltK rth'Cau.i-
na B'Einaent. I went with my t-sptaii
visit hiua am -Friday whilv-l.ot Was andcr
rnsrd at 1 vision Ueaduuariera! y He tok
hTs senlen't-e liard. On being .qnss(ir el why
be deaertel, ho answered that he mil nut tike
the rvgiiueut, and aaid the reason .shy lMid
hot come back nndct ihe PresiuVsiV Procla
mation waa because of the teachings ef. tU
Standard, that led hhn to believe that the 1
government. -was corrupt an J . w.hiiu soon g--e.iWo.
jand that North Carolina wtuld return
to tbe Union again. He haa wi brothers
tnat are deasrtars. . He said he : 1s1 written
tbem to .eome In and deliver themselves Bp.
-and listen no longer to the syren aunjta of
tboae xcb traitors of their life, hooor eal
liberty. Our who's Divukm has re-e'tJUteil
tor tlie war, or for life; There U ui deapon
eeacy here in . the rsaka. ' ilsttrminatiea to
do to the bitter ei.d is the will of all., .
.A CaiTtrnn qr' Jacwsoi. A gevfcnw.JAat .
arrirrd from. Mississippi, port to the Mac
(Ga .) Telegieph that he saw tbet-tty of Jack
son for a third time auneiHhred to ae Federals,
last Friday night ahnot sordown; Hie errand
Was i Jackson, 1 nt he U to iha &at bonk of
Pearl Rlve just ia time to take thelasj train'
Eastward, which broogbC a way. the remnant
r( the public st-Ves, some fugitives snd'Woond-
ed soldiers. Ail tlio public property at Jack-
-A 1 i : .li ". 1. .t
sou as savru, auu ire s-ouriwj w iw m
were sine down by tie Kejletal advsnoo
while dasrvtg tbe pontooi bddge, which
operatian they wre left b 'per(bsm';wlthil.
the cover of n single it-ee of srdUry, tbotjh
"ttiere was ta abundance at hand. T
S1.rj.ao,s army "wM.r'nwd at
tvuos'. aud a runaittx Hxht with-It had been
.kept top from the Big Black, tj Lee's cavalry
alone. N iufantiy bad beeu oKCl.Wdh
the expepti.sji of a repuW whan tbey f rat at
tesapad to insa iLe Big Clack the .enemy
had tXftved straight a.eig nodteck ssessios
of Jt-a without aertous op10 AU,
oar forces are Eut tf the resrt witn tha cx
Keeptkm of Leea cavalry.' wi.ict; tzmltad to
nariV.ire enernv. .war lone-iss wiwr tm
AWXfedraietoid'rs.en.i8slfif Uawisstja 14
toewairiw Sbcrtaana ory nobttiered, .and
1 nreasnA th ocettDadou of Jack i. after mi
t . t.ice that they wm.ronde;r baa
The newa, howerer. ia eertaT rhati
was occupied by the enemy 1 Vl
alihougb UpbUe papers of tbe I v-v
mention of it,-".How r tk J n
kr etweeji tek?b tr " (
.trrnaaa ueo,' aua ta:; wi
tst-rava4-r''
adoraSotttr ioo uca Ur. "a aiaT
long
pLXl
hnid
I
:T li i
lEsjMridec
Ottl
v
- sigmatera;
saowlfS.
tetters cc
oaiiart,t X
Misslsjlnd.y
ei4wfcUi
' witUatlxV
; oae-trdt
Paodrd
o 1.
on ax
ptVfy-CatC
be fce?wrt .
Isaacs utU'
isdr;
ftle
AllCoUsscr
iaat cr
TaTaat
1 ec
ffheot
iaWAesC .
;asg?
tsad a r-
4aoew be
I3;a4 a n
parfonoed ks
3;
raieacs 1 1 A
V
'r
y enea
a r
f
v 1
ii!ie4. aad rr.
oae sfOttoary V
sateeiaterfCc
years ohoLrat
Vrt-vrdS
who have ttmi? '
and have (
filters CWO
oaUver sw ttv
bsotta sr-'-T
scschs a
fereKr,
Waraawl
lereevl;
--- " T-i-r
' .. '
Tdaateerl
-1
t
.
.
Xsvyiscx
of JtPrl,A t i
sdMC
1
: Tae H4et".
. Tobaeertrasna
lbe8eaatr:
peal the-aet.'-cSl
the bKJ frrffW V'
-ass as
1.: . 1 v4Cv
VH ov -OBa h
nwOf(t
..WostMI
feevof
lbs eoesr
CasasiiB tley hsvtrv
- gaas Sa J
" ... .V
To UiiiUblUW t r'A
The fa'Ttef tSjapa liv
.' war staee Ae eocairl -
IWi Vts-Cj, 7.lEVe;fc
g Devtf leV W
renJt '"C
oiaa tresetT.w-. )
, Haaketrs ar
.VBHI I
I JPesrtsss&T
Tefle-'
0s
bleSC
r"P
tscsriezl
. Cbrfrf't' .
warier
'tTke,: